A".'C1."STVrT, , .A-jf ' -a&fc4r'r,, .-4. 5 i -"r.- -,-,"&&irtf. -'PUBLISHED EVERY TUESDAY AND' FRIDAY Ilf THE YEAB, mtrUVOLUME XXXIIPARIS, KENTUCKY, FRIDAY, NOVEMBER 27, 1914.- - . - v - 5w - - ;f; safest :?:: jCTftKiSWeWHS BUUKBQIfellEWS-nil UCRPIT uEXANDER CASE.i, Seems Hopelessly Hung and Retires For the Night.AB'OE SPEECHES MADE.CtM-brated Case Concluded After FourDays' Trial.'.s we go to press at ten o'clock, thet 'ne Fordham' Hotel without reach- verdict.must be .closed, Mr. Alexander askedfor time to get the cash with which topay in full. He first asked until thefollowing Sunday, and then for threedays.Colonel Smith sad: "I wouldn'tgive you a minute," he testiedfi. Mr.Bradley, Commonwealth's Attorney,tion of the witness, asking the pricetion of ths witness, asking the priceor tiie Dank stock at the time of closing, which witness said was 250 ashare.Mr. Alexander enumerated his personal assets just prior to the closingof the bank to show that he was solvent and stated that his individualcredit and that of the bank was bothgood up to the closing of the bank.Asked if he received the deposit madeby prosecutirigvitness, Doolie saidhe did but he did not believe hen nordid he believe now that the bank wasinsolvent. He testified that the passbook of May Wilson snowing a deposit. of 250 was written by him except llieseemed hopelessly hung, and had j figures, that he did not make the fig-j ures, that he did not make the figuresed for the night to their rooms and that figures had been erased andJ written over and the figures now in' the book were not made by him.j '"Dead" notes of Miss Lizzie Grimes,Mrs. Wigging J. G. Redmon, W. T.Redmon and others were shown himand lie was asked wiio got the moneyon these "dead" notes. He said hegot them, that he had already borrowed the limit lrom the bank andtook this piethod of borrowing further, believing thath e was perfectlygood and could pay them at any time.He considered these "dead" notes reentered as assets of the bank, as hispersonal obligations and he only usedin this way notes of such persons ashe considered his best friends.third day of. the trial of Mr.auder began Wednesday morning'.30 o'clock and even at that earlythe court room was filled with. ators, many women being in aiauee, and thecrowd increasedug "the day until there was not" jstandiifg room.e firsjt witness called to the standPcarce jPaton, the Clerk of the" n County Court, who testifiedo the assignees who had been anted by the court to take charge He went into detail as to how thesehe individual property, real and I notes were taken and insisted thatt onal ot George Alexander. Theone named, Samuel Clay, declin-o qualify, and afterward W. O.:,jon consented to take the trust- qualified in the office of the clerk.St. Hinton, the assignee, then tookt btand, and stated that the public-a.- of the assigned property resultedj -ealizing $26,000.r was questioned on certain claimsvi. h were filed against Alexander's1 r-onal estate, amounting to $21,000.K -eported that he still had on handm.ic shares in the Citizens' NationalLwt. Insuiance Company, and stock in. :w other concerns of not much.ilj. Mr. Hinton was also questioned.s - Mr. Alexander's interest in theXfcil hemp machine, but that wasn t isted with the assignee.lie next witness was BucknerViT 3ford, Special Deputy Bankingi or missioner, who has been in charge' .e George" Alexander & Companyir since it was closed last Maj"Tr. Woodford stated that when hecharge of sffairs h efound cashwand amounting to 3120,000, 40,-in gooa paper ana 4U,uuu "in j-1 ' - paper," and real estate valued i57,000; a total of $213,000. Also1 000 of individual deposits. When-i.ed if by resolving every dollar and,) ece of litigation on hand in favor of& iank and realizing on all assetshou much the bank would be able totvv its creditors, he replied 75 perr- lit But he did not think it possiblet x-ay in full.Mr. Woodtord at request of the law-r for th dfen.e prepared a listwdiiis, names and amounts makingo claims listed to the sum of $118,-' , also a list of notes and outstand-,-iuobligations amounting to aboutJ7'.u00 and a list of the doubtful orb 1 names and amounts. Mr. Wood" rd stated that the customary rate ofin rest on deposits in the Paris banksVc - 3 per cent, not 5.paul C. Snyder, accountant, was reMuted by the attorneys for the defr.se to prepare a copy of the assetsad liabilities of the bank. The figure j presented by Mr. Snyder in hislurther examination by the defenseuere the same as presented in his Jtestimony the previous day. Mr.Woodford, recalled and asked aboutthe expenses of the settlement, statedihi about $3,300 had already beenccL and $15,000 or $20,000 was setue for the purpose. He said -thatv" 1000 had been collected recently,u a dividend of 25 per cent, hadn paid to the depositor.ONG CONSULTATION HELD.V long intermission was taken athi stage of the trial for consulta-vh. after which E. M. Dickson, at-rKey for N. Kreiner, was recalled in?ard to notes that had been taken upcollateral for notes of Mr. Krienercounting to $37,000, for which he isii' ng. Mr. Dickson was informed thate-e notes were in possession of thejik and among the assets.Tr. Snyder, recalled, said thoseotfcs were among the assets butothmg to show they belonged to Mr.Kriener. Here the Commonwealthclosed its case, and court adjourneduntil 1 o'clock.When the court re-convened, R. C.Talbott, attorney for the defense,stated the case to the jury, sayingthat the main question involved waswhether the bank was insolvent justbefore the time of closing and if Mr.Alexander knew it when he receivedcertain deposits.ALEXANDER TAKES STAND.Mr. Alexander was then called toth3 stand. He states he was Gl yearstt age, was born and reared in Paris,va with the Northern Bank until itent into liquidation. The new bank'as first known as the George Alexander & Company Bank, organized in"'S, then as the George Alexanderv Company State Bank in 1906. HeiS president of this bank, owning1 A of the 400 shares. The bank paiddividend of 8 per cent, semi-annu-'' , December 31 and June 30.'!r. Alexander then detailed hist to Frankfort to see Colonel.llth on Monday and his return thefo"lowing day in company with threef "ie directors..Then Mr. Smith stated to him thatAeach person who cl:ecutJ one ofthem was told whac use he wouldmake of them.He stated that tne notes of thebank, which are held as collateral onthe Kriener laan of $37,500, were ample security on that note.' They weretaken out of Mr. Kriener's box toshow the bank examiner when hecame to examine the bank, but theywere held by Mr. Kriener as securityfor his loan to the bank.Witness explained the borrowing ofthe $37,500 of government bonds fromMr. Kriener in this way:He said that he had beenill in aCincinnati hospital for some time andwhen he returned he found that hisbank had rediscounts with the Fifthand Third National Bank of Cincinnati to the extent o $115,000 and thatthe Cincinnati bank wrote him thathis loan was too large and asked himto cut it down, and that the Kreinerbonds were borrowed and that amountof this indebtedness of the bank tothe Fifth and Third was taken up.Witness stated that he got the benefit of the notes to E. H. Owens, J.A. Wilson, E. B. Sparks, Mrs. RosaAshurst, Mrs. Rudisill and variousothers, aggregating many thousandsof dollars. They were notes of thebank to these parties for money borrowed trom them.Vitness, replying to question, stated that he was formerly connectedwith theo Id Northern Bank and whenit liquidated he formed a bank of hisown, and finally the old balances leftover from the Northern Bank weretransferred to his b.nk. Asked if hehad not taken these balances andplaced them to his own credit, he answered "yes, I did that." When askedwhether, when the directors declaredthe last dividend, he had told them ofthe condition of the bank and that allthese dead notes were among the assets, he answered:"I did not; they had the right toexamine the notes, at any time."Asked if he didn't know it waswrong to borrow money in the bank'sname for his individual use he said"No, not so long as I was able to repay it."He stated that he directed the transfers made from the account of JoeK. Redmon to other accounts, whichwere overchecked, and that this was !done to reduce the volume of overchecks when excessive.Asked why he had taken out a livenote of the Hempbieak Company andsubstituted a dead iiot for its, he saidthat the examiner had stated that theloans to the Hempbreak Companywere excessive and he had made thesubstituted a dead note for it, he saidto deceive the exam-ner.ttai. UOUrb then fa.fHmirn.tl unfit oo'clock yesterday morning, for arguments to the jury.Both Commonwealth's Attorney Victor Bradley, and Attorney Robt. B.Franklin, for the defense, were firstshocked, and then amused, at a storypublished in a Lexington afternoonpaper to the effect that a propositionhad been made to Mr. Alexander toaccept a term of five years in the penitentiary, and have the other thirtyone indictments quashed, and that Mr.Alexander refused. While neitherMr. Bradley or Mr. Franklin woulddeny the truth of the story, theywere nevertheless astounded at itspublication.This morning the doors of the courtroom were beseiged with a crowd,clamoring to obtain seats to listen tothe closing arguments in the Alexander case. Within ifve minutes afterthe doors were opened, every seat andevery available inch of standing roomwas filled with a crowd eager to seeand hear every development of theclosing day of the case. The morning session was prolonged to almostone o'clock. After the calling of thejury, and the warning .of the courtto the audience to refrain from anydemonstration whatsoever, the courtproceeded to instruct the jury. Hisinstructions were brief and in effect asfollows:"If the jury believe beyond a reasonable doubt, that the defendant,George Alexander, did, while President of the George Alexander & Company, State JRank, receive depositfrom J. W., Doty, knowing or believing at the time he received such deposit that the said bank was insolvent, they should fini him guilty andfix his punishment at an indefiniteterm in the penitentiary, the minimumbeing one year and the maximum being ten years."At the conclusion of his instructions the Judge specially warned theaudience against any demonstrationsof approval, disapproval or merriment during" the progress of the arguments of counsel. bounty AttorneyGeorge Batterton opened for the pros-'edition. He spoke for about an hour.Former Commonwealth's Attorney,Robert B. Franklin presented the casefor the defense.Hejreelgly spokc of Alexander'sappeal to the Banking Commissionerfor three days of time to save himself,the b,ank and the community, and heseverely excoriated the Banking Department for "the most wonderfulpiece ot cruelty I have ever known tobe imposed upon any community."He insinuated that politics was behindthe prosecution by the Banking Department and that to boost their ambitions "they must catch a whale."He told of the Deputy Commissionerreserving $20,000.00 to pay indebtedness of winding up cue affairs of thebank when it should be distributedamong the depositors. Mr. Alexanderhad reason to believe the bank wassolvent. His Cashier, Mr. Davis, believed it. His bookkeeper, Mr. Mitchell, believed it. When the crash didcome, it was like tho explosion of theMaine. A shock to him as well asothers. How prone some natures areto kick a crippled dog. How to-day asin the days of our Saviour in the cry"Crucify Him." He referred to memories of the white haired, dignified father of. the defendant, who was President of the old Northern Bank. Alexander had helped many a young man.Are you going to send him to the penitentiary for that? Mr. Franklin closed with a peroration of eloquence inwhich he asked the jury to ignoreeverything in the evidence except thatwhich directly pertained to the caseon trial, and that all his client askedor wanted was justice.At the afternoon session, Commonwealth's Attorney Bradley presentedthe argument for the State in a speechof two hours duration. It was one ofthe bitterest denunciations ever listened to in a Bourbon Court. He hadlistened to Mr. Franklin's speech andthought what a pity it should havebeen uttered in such an unworthycause. "Since I have been connectedwith this case," he said, "I have beenpermeated with it. I have eaten it, Ihave slept it and I have dreamed it.Last night I dreamed, I was the defendant, Alexander. I saw a spirit inthe room. It said "I am the spirit ofa home you have wrecked. Anotherspirit came, the spirit of a widow youhave robbed. And still another andanother, until a spirit larger and morennwerfnl than all appeared. it wasrivittcliel &Blakemore'sMR. HUNTER!November 15this the time to look for the birds, aad there is going to be plenty ofthem this year, but to find these birds at the righf time and the rightplace you've got to wear the best Hunting Clothes in the world, andthat idyioXJ5.ib:k:aOur stock of Dux Bak Hunting Clothes is .the most complete andthe largest ever shown in a town of this size. Everything that thehunter needs the kind of clothes that are water proof, wind proofarid briar proof. Look at our hunting window.Dux Bak tfaier Proof Hunting Coals $5.00Dux Bak Water Praoi Hunting Pants 3.00Dux Bak Water Proof Huating Vest 2.50Dux Bak Water Proof Hunting Hat 1.00. Hunting Caps and Leggings. - vThe Shell Vest which distributes the weight of the shells all overyour shoulders. Witch Elk Water Proof Shoes in all heighths, absolutely water proof just the thing to wade the branches in.Como to our store and lay in yonr supply of the best HuntingClothes in the world.- .Mitchell & Blakemore,The Store for Men's StylesParis, KentuckyEu&a&asThanksj giving1 Specials,., "rta-torttjoM-Wsoany irregular transaction of the bank.Alexander for more than an hourwas engaged in identifying checks andnotes which passed through his bankand which are involved in the bank'saffairs. His voice was so weak thathe could scarcely be heard twentyfeet away and his vnanner was nervous and excited.Depositions by John M". Craner andS. F. B. Morse, of New York Citywere read to the effect that theywere last spring about to make a saleot the O'Neill Hempbreak Machineand patents to a syndicate in Canadaand London, by which Mr. Aiexanaerwas to receive $125,000 in cash and aone-fourth interest in the new companv which was to own and handlethe " machine, and that the negotiations had been temporarily stopped bythe sinking of the Empress of Irelandlast spring in the St. Lawrence River,with one of the principal Canadianmembers of the syndicate aboard, andthe breaking out of the war in Europe,and that they believed the negotiations, which were only suspended,could be consummated, in which eventthey believed Mr. Alexander wouldorofit to the extent of several hundred thousand dollars in addition tothe cash payment of $125,000.At the conclusion of Mr. Alexander'stestimony, court adjourned until 7'clock, when upon reconvening x.wuas niined" and that the bank ! witnesses were introduced- in rebut-havfi robbed. I awuiie with a shriekand lay there thinking, "Is that man'sfeelings the work of a guilty conscience?" No, no one who has committed the crime he. has, can have aconscience. The only .punishment hewill feel is what twelve honest menwill give him. Why did Smith refuse to allow Alexander three daysmore time? Because in that threedavs more widows and orphans wouldhave been robbed, and crying to-dayfor vengeance. I would to God myself, that the venerable father's reputation, tiad been saved the disgraceand humiliation of having his sonsteal a few remaining dollars of deposit in his old bank. No matter whatcrime I might commit, I would neverevoke the gray hair of my aged father to save me from the penitentiary.Thov nv ho hfilned Tom Moore: theonly way he helped him was by sealing twenty thousand dollars from him.Alexander is a self-confessed criminal and he should go to the penitentiary for gambling with other people'smoney; for robbing widows and orphans and for committing every criminal act a banker could commit. Hestole money because he thought hewas going to get it back from a flaxcompany in England. It's a far cryfrom Mag Wilson's two hundred andfifty dollars to the flax company inEngland. The idea of a bank being(Continued on Page 4)x:DressedTurkeysDressedBroilersDressed HensOystersCeleryHead and Curly LettuceCranberriesCauliflowerPecan CakesFruit CakesHeinz's PlumPudding andMince MeatCountry ClubCakes andJqlly RollFRANK & CO.T.spea au40 SUITSin Ladies' and Misses Sizes,newest styles and materials,all colors, formerly sold at$25.00 and $20.00,CHOICE NOW.$15.00Alterations Free.BALDWIN0PRANK & CCXTh Store Where ReliabilityReigns. -.V.vjA3j?&-Iv1 :Iij"" .. - ' &yx ,tiJ ' iir 9T. -j; &w; Jfst- -,4XJ, AE r. ajmiKi-. ,z-.. fc - "-- vur- -s ?:. sr -. .. ratrrv -."- .vS,ti -as "i,i3&- - -- -" J.-i-'XV r -itsr'r. ,.-:' JtAy n.-i""JJKjV 3F'33L4iLfcj" $'tFLI -rVMfc.:rVKJft'-jr.s-r.,xJ? -j "US -i -K-L "ShLiS mv. - ?j "f . j.Csk)M;4&? . -RX. -.. . . J&rk ssfvi" jlz r- -.. . ...a-. - - - v - ; , " -,- -- . - w v3 ,wr y -,i t i;i'. -tl ic -" rji "- -, . . "t- --w ' e i.v t at syAauirwf.. " '$&4&tlId-.LWThe Bourbon NewsEstablished "iSBi 32 Years of .Continouous Publication. "SWIFT CHAMP, Editor and Owner.(Entered at the Fans, Kentucky,Postofiice as Mail Matter of theSecond Class.)On 3ear S&OO Six Months . ?1.00Payable in Advance.'Bublished Every Tuesday and Friday, ADVERTISING RATES - J-Display Advertisements, 1.00 perInch for first time; 50 pents per incheach subsequent instertion.i 'Reading Notices, 10 cents per lineeach issue; reading notices in blacktype, 20 cents per line, each issue.Cards of thanks, calls on candidates, obituaries and resolutions, andJsimilar matter, 10 cents per line.Special rates for large advertisemnts and yearly contracts.The right of publisher is reservedtc decline any advertisement or otheri&atter offered for publication.Space is a newspaper's stock intrade and source of revenue.U(Continued from Page 1)MR. REVELLE TESTIFIES.L' Tl .Revelle was then called to the i ras re-entered oy .Mr. Alexander j it is thought that the Commona5. He stated that he was deputy among the assets of the bank and the wealth will be able to finish its caseuntler Thomas J. Smith ,State Bank- proceeds of the "dead" note used to sometime this morning, after whiching Commissioner, and that his duty j Pa' off t a nole of uie O'Neil Hemp-1 tjie defense will present its side of thewas to assist the commissioner in break Company to the bank (Mr. Al-' case. To-morrow being Thanksgivinglooking after the examination of the exander being chief owner of the I day, it is thought that the case willState banks by the Banking Depart-meat. He stated that the Bank of3eerge Alexander & Company wasclosed by the State Banking Departmeat on May 19, 1914, following an jexamination of its attairs by BankExaminer John Chenaultsked to go into details as to the-events leading up to the closing of the Jback, he said that after Examiner !tocall Mr. Alexander to Frankfort,Aviiir-h Hipv riid hv tpipnhnnp miri lip. i.. .-. .- j :7rr, rwcame aown on iuay 15; uiat tneytefrogated him as to his own condi -tion financially and he admitted thathe owed the bank $61,000; that theythen asked what property he had tomeet this indebtedness and that he jvienauirs report 01 examination or "" " " a"ua"" Liniment on hand.fc" i Al4.l-ifMt n c l-wt it- t- rn r MAfAn n nnhMixnent and they had considered it, Com-Forney objected ana witness was npt ' fe b tmissioner &miui saia inev wouia nave a,iu"ou ""o. w ni.o ui wwou3 i. i tl. nirn nnn i . n a-with him, but that he was still unable j"to secure-a list of his property.The witness stated that Commis-cistimeu 10 ue worm $du,uui, oul uiul 1 " .ov... xx.v. uo kju nx ..they were unable to learn of what his j show the O'Neil Hempbreak Companyproperty consisted; that Mr. Alexan- owed the bank a total of ?42,500. Thisder said he wauld go back home and was paid by the Power Grocery Comxefurn to Frankfort the next day with ; pany stock which was carried at $42,the board of directors of his bank who 1 500 on the books of the bank. ThisAvould veritv his claim to be worth j stock is the same that was wiped out$150,000. He did return next day and ' by the substitution of the aforesaid"brought all of the directors of the bank! notes for $42,500.sioner Smith demanded that the $61,-1 was approached by Mr. Alexander in000 which Alexander owed the bankjregard t0 converting into cash ?37,Te removed from the assets if the , 500 worth 0f Government bonds held"bank were to continue in business 1 in llis deposit box, and loaning saidand replaced by other assets. j proceeds, the value of which amount-rHe said the directors agreed to sign j cd to 5.43,500, to the George Alexandera note for -this amount if Mr. Alexan- & Co state Bank. Mr. Kriener saidder would indemnify them by a mort-. tiiat he at first refused and later con--gageon his property; that he then sented to let the baux have them proundertook to -name his personal as- j xided. they would pav him G per cent.sets, anu wane speuKmg uiaue uie .statement that there were certaindebts which the bank owed which did1.not appear on the books of the bankand wrhen asked to name them hementioned a note to X. Kriener for37,o00, one to E. B. Sparks for alarge sum, and several others.'Thereupon, the witness said, Commissioner Smith stopped him andtqld the director?, who were about tosign- the not hat thy must not-sign it; that the bank 'was broke, andsteps were at once taken to close it I-up.A notice was drawn up and signedby all the directors that the bank hadbeen placed in the hand., of the StateBanking Department, and witness;anie to Paris in the auto of J. W.Bacon, one of the directors, put up thenotice and placed Buckner Woodfordin charge of the bank as special Deputy Banking Commissioner.Witness stated that the report made1) George Alexander & Company tothe state Banking Department onApril S, 1914, showed the overdrafts tolye $4,103.80, and that an examinationo the books showed the overdrafts atthat time to be $20,942.60.,On cross-examination the witnessstated that Mr. Alexander stated toCommissioner Smith, that if he wouldgive him ten days he would get thecash and place it in the bank foreyery dollar he owed it.- MR. X "W. DOTY TESTIFES.hPW- Doty was called and testified fthat on May 15, 1914, he deposited inthe Alexander Bank $51.00 and filedIns pass book, showing the deposit,vKhich he isaid was taken in by Mr.Alexander himself.X MR. DAVIS RECALLED.5Mr. Owen L Davis was then re-- called and stated in answer to ques-!-- lions that he w as related to Mr. Alex-1" 4kAder by marriage; that his connection jWith the Alexander isank had started j44 January, 1899, as keeper of the gen-jral Pledger, and that he remained inxjjat position up to July, 1909, when- 1 was made cashier of the bank,rr - H$W continued to keep the generalledger as before; that he received aniwcrsase of $300.00 per year in his salary after he7 became cashier, which- ras paid to him each six months by2tft Alexander individually. ,'He stated that the morning of May-'IS, 1514, when Mr. Alexander went tor Jraakfort he asked witness to count- yi cash, as he was going to Frank-'""lljjK. and "told me to count a memo-rium uiai ne gave me as casn. rnisjawiuiauuuxii uuuuimtju two items ol" a3otik$4,000 each. I asked him if thatM$m 'was in the safe in addition to-iWmt was in the drawer and he said"Htm? butl didn't examine the safe tor WitnesS'stated that Mr. Alexander -handled the notes;, that lie him-slf oaly made aJew-small loans when-iv Alexander was away; that he hadtkntd ao withy ortkinJ loans' whichere- utmeratad. He said he knewanderr said same was -without con-"jnothUg o the otes of Miss LizzieCrugect Uurliodmoos, et oteraj tbathe supposed1 these notes had"paia, ana it they had ueen paid heiJttr. Alexander.knew nothing, of it. He stated he hadnever seen the stock of the PowerGrocery Company, which was carried as assets of the Dank, but understood it was there and didn't know ithad ceased to be carried as assets.He said he knew T. fi. Moore carriedti large account but didn't know it hadbeen closed; said he had no control ofthe bank except in a subordinate way,and no control at all of its policy.He stated that Mr. Alexander sometimes transferred balances from someother account in the bank to make upoverdrafts of depositors for the purpose of cutting down overdrafts andmaking a better showing in his statements to the Banking Department.EXPERT P. C. SNYDER TESTIFIESPaul C. Snyder, Expert Accountant,who has been working on the booksof the bank for several months, wasnext called.Asked about certain notes, ,he saidthat a note 0$ Miss Elizabeth. E.Grimes for $2,500, of date June 16,1913, and a note of J. G. Redmonand T. J. Redmon for $1,000 of dateJune 6, 1913, had been renewed asshown by the books, but the old noteswere left in the bank and were afterwards re-entered among the assets ofthe bank and the proceeds of theGrimes note placed to the credit ofJohn Johnson to pay a note Mr. Alexander owed Johnson, and $225 ofthe Redmon note was placed to Mr.Alexander's credit and the balanceI taken out of cash; that a note of J.G. Redmon for 2,800 of date of Oc-j-tober 30, 1913, was renewed but hadnot been taken out of the bank, and ;Hemp break company) ; that a note ,of H. C. Howard or $4,000 was paid iby renewal of other old notes kept to jtake up another note of the Hemp-break Company. The Powder Grocery Company's stock to the value ot$42,500 was carried in the assets oftn bank but were charged oft, andcertain notes amounting to $42,500substituted in place orthisin -9T-i G-t Ann 1 1 '"u ( jeueweu aimthe old note kept and afterwards re-U.r TT u,. n,lL" UJ" y iCUeVlllS tll UUl,in-iculclcu ".v i,xi '"ww ""& l"c1 bank's assets and the proceeds takenout in cash or in "cash items" taken"P- Another note of Stuart & O'Brienfor $1,000 was renewed and the oldnote afterwards re-entered and carriedoe on ocMt ' ' 10 lirrlro ri tlio honlrWITNESSES EXAMINED TUESDAY1 Mr. Nick Krieuer testified that heinterest. Mr. ICriener said that thebonds were converted into cash andthat he took in lieu thereof the noteof George Alexander & Company,State Bank, attached to which werea number of notes on substantialBourbon people, same to be held ascollateral on the bank's note. Mr. 1Kriener further testified that he placed all of the notes in his safety boxat the Alexander Bank, and that nodifferent occasions Mr. Alexander secured his key to the box. Mr. Krienerclaimed the ownership of the notesthat had been removed from his box,and further said that they had beentaken out without his authority or"consent.Mr. W. T. Redmon identified twonotes against him as carried by thebank. Mr. Redmon said the noteshad been paid and were "dead notes."" Mrs. Rebecca Rudisill testified toloaning her money to Mr. Alexandertor the bank, and thonght that thebank alone was responsible for sameDidn't know that the note did notappear on the books of the bank.Mr. Clarence Ashurst testified toloaning $3,500 belonging to his wifeto the bank through Mr. AlexanderRefused to loan it to any individual.Only recently learned his loan did notappear on the books of the bank.Maggie Wilson, colored, testifiedthat she deposited with Mr." GeorgeAlexander on January 23, 1914, thesum of $250, and that same was cred-ited on her pass book, said book being produced in court. The entry on jthe dookl was laenuneu as ueiug uiu,uhy Mr. Alexander. Said that she didnot know that entry did not appearon books of bank.Attorney Emmett M. Dickson testified that he had an account as Master Commissioner with bank." Hadnever checked against this accountwhich showed great discrepancy onbooks of the bank.i Mr. John R. Johnson testified tliathe had $2,310 on tmie deposit at theAlexander Bank, bearing 3 per cent.interest. Hadn't loaned any part of( amount to Alexander. Two notes.hem by the Dank ne aisciaimea anyknowledge of.Mr. Charlton Clay testified that hehad signed an .accommodation notefor Mr. Alexander to the amount of$6,000. No consideration was given,and he didn't expect to pay it.Mr. J. H. Fuhrn-an: Had signedtwo bank notes for Mr. Alexander, foraccommodation. " When told thatboth notes totaled $12,000, he said thatnp consideration was received by himand that he would not pay either note.Mr. M. J. Murphy testified to giv-ing Mr. Alexander his note for $10,-000 as an accommodation note. Re-ceived'no consideration for same, andWould, not pay, jit unless required to-'by courts. " 'Mr, Joseph Mitchell testified .to.r;'TW 9nnn'.-Afn rArr. Ais-rSJ,lJltUb TVVK " " J.'i.. -tiiWi.idaration Miv JMitchelb identifiedaotes of VClay FMhrman, Murpky,nonJeen-pfitchcll, etc.as-bAng fllieif out byMr. A. J. Winters testified that heowed the bank -no note for $970.10:had no such note in his possession.Had given notes from time to time atMr. E. H. Owings testified to loaning the Alexander Bank $7,500, whichhe expected to collect from said bankif possible. Didn't make loan to Geo.Alexander individually.Dr. J. A. Wilson testified to hav-ing ?20,000 on deposit at 3 per centinterest in bank. Didn't loan anyportion of Same to deo. Alexander. .Mr. E. B. Sparks testified to loaning the bank $15,000 at six per cent,interest. Didn't loan any portion ofamount to Geo. Alexander.Testimony developed the fact thatMr. W. A. Bacon had given Mr. Alexander an accommodation note for $12000. ' 5A paper 'was produced by ExpertAccountant Paul C. Snyder purportingto ' havebeen an agreement ofMr. Alexander whereby the said Alexander agreed to be responsible tothe Alexander Bank for all of the obligations of Messrs. Frank O'Neill, Sr.,Frank O'Neill, Jr., and the O'NeillHemp Breaking Machine Company.The paper bore signature of George IAlexander.The defense of Mr. Alexander is being looked after by attorneys R. C.Talbott and W. H. Whitley, of Paris,and R. B. Franklin, of Frankfort,while the Commonwealth's interestsare in charge of Commonwealth's Attorney Victor Bradlvy, of Georgetown,and County Attorney George Batter-ton of Parisuave to go over until Friday, as it ishardly nrobable that the case willreach the jury to day.1IT REALLY DOES RELIEVE RHEUMATISM.Everybody wiio is afticted withmieiimatjsm in anv form should bvall means keep a bottle of Sloan'sThe minute vonsoreness m a joint orwith Sloan's Lini-morif T"4r firvf tmiV if Qlnan'c nnna., t t , t immediately rjght toL, 4. : - JL .- i.--i -ij nub x kkyj -i. jijikii. kj ijsm.iender, swollen feeling and makinethe part easy and comfortable. Get abottle of Sloan's Liniment for 25 centsof any druggist and have it in thehouse against colds, sore and swollen. . t s. rhGnmatism. neuralgia, sciaticai" 'and like ailments. Your money backif not satisfied, but if does give almost instant relief.(Nov.) adv.JOHN A LOGAN HURT.In alighting from a train at Cliff-1side, at the John Cochran distillery, Inear Lexington, Saturday, Mr. John JA. Logan, well-known storekeeperguager, missed his footing, and sustained serious injuries by beingthrown to the ground.Mr. Logan, who is well known here,is related to Mrs. W. A. Johnson, otthis city, and was stationed here inthe revenue service at different seasons. The average man hasn't any use formore than three keys. 'But he imagines that he didn't look nortantunless he carrier a bunch ol uaout 34assorted keys that weight two pounds.BEST COUGH MEDICINE .FOR CHILDREN."Three years ago when, I was livingin Pittsburgh one of my children had Ja hard cold and coughed dreadfully. ,Upon the advice of a druggist I purchased a bottle of Chamberlain'sSough Remedy and it benefited him atonce. I find it the best cough medi-cine for children because it is pleas-;ant to take. They do not object to 'taking it," writes Mrs. Lafayette Tuck, ,Homer City, Pa. This remedy contains no opium or other narcotic, and jmay be given to a child as confidentlyas to an adult. Sold by all dealers. '(Nov.) adv. .Look, at MeI am Well."I cannot saytoo much for Peruna. It has entirely cured me ofmy trouble. Myeye lids werethick and rednearly all thetime. My eyeswere especiallysensitive to light.Catarrh was mytrouble. I hadhad r.i y eyestreated and tooka great deal ofmedicine, butnothing seemed tohelp me until Iiried Peruna. Ialways use Peruna when my familyneed it. Always iind it very good;It helDs wonderfully. You can use; my testimonial anywhere you wishto." So says Mrs. C. Skehan jno.614 S. Leavitt St., Chicago. Ills.A ModelBarber Shop4--CMAIRS-4"Expert and polite Barbers.All the latest requirements and sanitary equipments that it takes to make ia modern shop. Newly papered and!painted. Hot and cld "baths. 1'Cutting of children's bair a specMalty. . ' ' I j-No long waits at our shopare invited fto call.-.,..f .XrUr T -i LTJL1RUSS CORBIN,Opposite" Fordham?EtotelV-m-lnw)J&mmmZmiBk.'-x. ' 'iSSLllj,J 15-'1MMMMMMnriMMHtaMMMMMMMMfaMiav'- 1 -. ai. '.CASK BASIS TESTj JThe State Journal, of Farnkfort,notes that a number of Kentuckynewspapers, owing -so the increased1 cosj: of printing material, etc., haveraised their subscription price andthat a still larger number of weeklypapers are announcing that they haver placed their subscription business ona basis of cash in advance strictly.That is the better plan, says the Jour-nal. It does not pay to carry non-paying subscribers for the sole pur-pose of, making a ood circulationshowing., fEhere is not jnuchmoueyin circulation, at " best. and a goodmany papers ' handle ,their subscription list insuoh a, way that there isno money at all in it. Sensible advertisers afenlore impressed by thequality, th,an , tlie quantity of circulation, anyway "and. are not apt to beimjnresse1d by $- big list of subscribersthat" i .mainly, composed, of personsw,ho pay-'in. promises. , t ,FOREST NOTES.The tow nforest of Baden-Baden,Germany, yields an annual profit of$5.25 per acre, or a total profit ofnearly $87,500.Outside of its use for fence posts,black locust finds its principal utilization in insulator pins and bracketsfor telegraph and telephone lines.One hundred shade trees will beplanted by the Massachusetts forestryassociation in cities and towns offour population classes which win;0 , "ts for excellence in streetree planting.a.an Government has placednn onVbargo on all kinds of lumber, toprevent its" exportation; walnut luirioer, including Circassian walnut,much prized by American furnituremakers, is especially- mentioned.Experiences with forest fires on thenational forests this year show thatautomobiles, where they can be used,furnish the quickest and cheapesttransportation for crews of fire fighters Motor rates are higher thanthose for teams for the actual timeemployed, but the total cost per distance traveled and in wages paid tomen m getting to me fires is muchless. The time-saving is self-evident;trip which ordinarily lequires twodays time by, team have been madeby'autQinobileJn a few hours.The man who designs the winterwaists must live in a hot country. Healways sees that the necks ar erevis-ed downward.A Husband is a Big Dog betweenthe time he is married and the arrivalfof the Frist Baby. After that hemight as well stay down in the cellarwith the rest of the rubbish.Some fellows lay up a percentageof their earnings for a rainy day andothers act as though they were goingto live to be 600 years old and it wasgoing to rain for 599 years.SHERIDAN'S CHUM DEAD.COLUMBUS, O, Nov. 23. HenryC. Filler, 90 years old, the man whomade it possible tor Phil Sheridan togo to West Point, died at Columbus,Monday.Mr. rdler and General Sheridanwere boyhood friends at Somerset.When a Congressional appointmentto West Point was open Mr. Filler received the appointment, and GeneralSheridan was named alternate.iZmmvvsvi-.,, ' . m-zrffNix"'j(Copj right,' by llcClure fcyndieate.and my head ached nearlyall the time. Our familydoctor treated me, butonly gave me temporaryrelief. I was certainly inbad health. My schoolteacher advised me toTAKEIThe Woman's Toni1 took two bottles, in all,and was cured. I shallalways praise Cardui tosick and suffering women." If you suffer frompains peculiar to weakwomen, such as headache, backache, or othersymptoms of. woinanlytrouble, or if you merely, needa tonic fonthat tired,nervous, worn-out feel-tinfcrtry Ctrdw. :?Kv&).XJJBackaelerallf I Miss Myrtle Cothrum,II I of Russellville, Ala., says: 1IJO "For nearly a year, I suf- IJCJSiX fered with terrible back- XXHI ache, pains in my limbs, 1 1 1 1uaraugs1faYou are nervous. You have "crying spells" Ynn aradejected You don't sleep well. You have backache Ymhave ost ambition for your work. You are beginning tnfeel old and look old. l0These , symptoms, more than likely, are produced bv some wppIt,,derangement or irregularity peculiar to the feminine organist eaImess'Dr. Pierced Favorite ; Presferiptiogt (In Tablet or Liquid Form)will aid you in regaining youthful health and strenethiust as it ha: handoing for over fortvvparc for lvnm0n ,i,A i.. if-,"!: f ' xuif-?? ll n,??. nhealthyounownndyourself. It soSVhes' and invigorates. It i&35S$teYour medicine dealer will suddIv vnn in fnMpf iim.M j j ,." 1onerent stamps for trial box.Dr. Pierce's PfcasanlTclIete reflate5J!'J5....r.-.i-j.....r.'.r..'.ir.iS?5?JRnnrhnnW Wr -W -DWIS &iff Telephone No. 4.wBourbonParisJteHi J"r n '- -gggsgg$S$i$:SSSSSSSSbSZbSSSss msssss"When theTo TurnMen's thoughts turn to the problem of heating duringthe coming cold season. They figure to get the mostheat for their money.Try Fox Ridge CoalDodson & Dent cmParis, Ky.Yards, South Main St. Both Phones 1lifesQ&fZHs&smsTamW.GEO. W. DAVISFUNERAL DIRECTOR AND LICENSED EMBALME8.BOTH 'PHONES DA IS1?; NIGHT 299.NMHMNBMNHHiPans Odorless Cleaning Co.Let us Make that Last Winter's Suit or OvercoatLook Like New.You will be surprised when we send your' clothes home,and will wonder why you have not tried us before.All Work Guaranteed SatisfactoryMen's and Ladies' Panama and Straw Hats Cleaned andReblockedjto your satisfaction.We Call Por and Deliver Work.Call up E. T. Phone 40."5.Paris Odorless Cleaning Co., Sam Levy, Proprietor.White Kid Gloves Cleaned, short, 10c; long 25cDON'T DELAY TREATINGYOUR COUGH.A slisht couch often lieanmes spri-Jou Lungs get congested, BronchialTubes fill with mucous. Your vitalityis reduced. You need Dr. BelL'a Pirie-Tar-Honey.It sootiies your irritated,air e passages loosens,1 mucous andmakes -'your '3ystmvreist Colds: GivePine-Tar-Hpney., IVs r guaranteed -tohelp them: Only 2icrkf your Druggist.wwaarI n hrm Avv3k-B X7Hv w ir viiiciu WHO IRealizes dne Meeds tkhAddress Dr. V.M. Pierce, Biiffalo, N? Y.StMudt, liver aW Btwuls. Easy (0 fafrI fiiiiirtrv- Wn- . JFUNK, Props.West 5 Street9'Ve Take Pleasure. yin "oing up the finest shirt- vwaists or anything in the ifolaundrj line. That is whaymade ihe Bourbon Laundft ,famous fo fine work and it iidever goes b"Bck on its repu- ?tation. If you are particular (about how your linen is ilaundered, your custom is thekind we "want as we like to f$appreciatee, jLaundry,iKentucky.LBeaves Deem59mmmjyQuicilF rehevea Rhparaatlsn, Saro Mns-m de9, Neurtlcia, Dcrkache. ltpndache "in WJVaHpaind. i.cur money Lack :C it faila t Iliera any ache in aay part of tb boa t gfifteen minutea time. Mm 1'rle SOew A.t AX Druggists. Sl Free rnnli wmA wlieolmr Mt aTeqa. m' ROMttN 1HEHE9Y CM ANY, MH-rV'-;' 'A."Jt'LiilT1"1'"1,$y&3e."?E TVTWJir ,.,---Tfffi BOUkeO NEWSPWS, KY NOYi&R 27, lL4: r?j' iQwww i,,T7Kentucky man .tHftJndffineStomach Remedy Restored owe. . .. ., - . . - ..-n .....- Jt B- - MM T . 1 KX1SI '- W1- W-J "". TT. r .. V j 1 -1 7 r-73 -wv i M 1 - i -J-J-J ",? 'i .T - V"- ' -JV'', -C-' ' 2 v;y's -: '-J-" ?' rt i----,19HFA b-A ,6 i4i" AGROWINGWU Jl fc,K-irj.Mrs. W.H. Clarke Is Relieved AfterYears of DigestiveDisorders." OATS.INTHE'SOUTREvery Southern farmer should growenough oats to feed his work- stockI-during at least? a portion of theyear.pinoriv ? Qn nvf0 , i. iil duuiuon to turmsnine if eed errainIt proves is meritrwith the first dose ?n VUan U n be purcWsed, !.ty;iMrd.-st '"fV-iSrffy"-.i-fK'4 'A .IMHMIH IJMHW M M MM ill I IjMTf ? PjWMfljWW. " - . .i a v . -. - "VW ,it- .... -i-tfHS . - . . . . 31 H J ti. Iv-i J- jSVV- 1Jr- .. r, . - 1 ?..C KAift'W-- -' v--tJVn f'j "Ifll'lO:4-c-'-!?v .--." 4p--"f-'"C ".4- ',Mrs. W. H. Clarks, of Central City,Ky., for many years suffered fromdisorders of the stomach. She tried I ferers from ailments of the .stomach,nntiv treatments with lftt.lA pnfnnr. I livor nnft vvuroio ivTori i,ni i,ino long treatment.Mayr's Wonderful Stomach Remedyclears the digestive tract of mucoidaccretions and removes poisonousmatter. It brings swift relief to snf-many treatments witu. nttie encouragenient.Mr. Clarks induced her to try Mayr's"Wonderful Stomach Remedy. Shegot results right away. The heTiTOte:"The medicine has done my wife aworld of good, and I feel .that it willcure her. I intend to keep on untilshe is completely cured, as you haveueen doing her more good than anyone has ever done her, and she hasl-een suffering with her stomach forj ears. I am glad I was told of theremedy."Letters like that are written by- users of Mayr's Wonderful Stomachliver and bowels. Manv declare that.it has saved tlieiB, from- dangerous operations and many are sure it has saved their lives.We .want all people . who havechronic stomach trouble or constipation, no matter of how long standing, to ,try 'one dose of Mayr's Wonderful Stomach Remedy one dosewill convince you. This is the mediums , so many -oi tour people havebeen taking with surprising results.The most i thorough system cleanserever sold. Mayr's Wonderful' Stomach Remedy is now sold here by G.S. Varden & Son and druggists everywhere.A Defiance."You may be the stronger,' said theopeckled trout as the fishermandropped him into the basket,' ''bu-.Iwill nevertheless maintain that 3'oucan't knock the spots off me!"- ' 'The Really Great Thing.I find the great thing in this worldis not so much where we stand asIn what direction we are moving.Oliver Wendell Holmes.Warmed By Snow.The earth, under a thick coating ofonowr is ten degrees warmer than theair immediately above the snow.tired,'-Worn-out, miserable.Many Paris People Are in This Con-edition.) u' Marriage Makes a Difference.During the -courtship a woman willfrankly acknowledge that the man inthe case is her superior, but after marriage she admits she was mistaken.Curtis &0verbyBusiness Men's Barber Shop,(Next to Bourbon Bank)3 - CHAIRS - 3Expert BarbersPolite AttentionHot and Cold Baths at AHoursI Long Waits.A Share of the Public Patronage Solicited.lew Barber Shopfall-sown oats prevent the washing ofme sou by which much fertility isfrequently lost. There is still time, tosow winter oats in the Gulf States,though this work, "should be done atonce if good results, ar.e to be obtained. According to specialists of the"United States Department of Agriculture, oats sown in the Southern Statesduring October or the .first half ofNovember may be expected to produceat least twice the yield' of, grain obtained from spring sowing;,' "Winter grain may be sown ton- landwhich produced a crop of cotton, .cornor cowpeas the past' summer-If thisland has npj already been plowed, itwin oe Detter to maKe tuesurracesoil fine and loose with thej disk or(Jrag harrow -'than, to delay seeding byplowing now. ' Better results! are obtained from sowing with the' drill thanirom broadcast seeding, though if adrill is not available, sowing the seedbroadcast on;- Well-prepared' land usually results hi a good stahd..- If thepreceedjng crop was well i erlilized,100 to 200 pounds of acid phosphatewill be all that the oats require this,fall, though a little nitrate 'pf sodawill help the' fall growth, "especiallyif the soil is not already well supplied with nitrogen from the growing ofcowpeas w some other legume. A topdressing of 50 to 100t pounds of nitrateof -soda- applied when growth smartsin the spring will greatly increase theyield.The 4 variety of winter oats mostcommonly grown in the South is RedRustproof, Appier, Lawson, HundredBushel, Bancroft and Cook are selections or strains of Red RustproofA remedy especially for kidney ail- j which are said to be particularly valuable in some localities. The Fuighum is a promising new varietywhich matures a week or ' ten daysearlier than the Red Rustproof, andusually produces as much or "moregrain. As the kernels of all thesevarieties are large, from 2 to ZVzbushels should be sown to the acre.The smaller quantity is sufficient ifthe seed is drilled early on well-preparedland, while 3 bushels or moreare needed when the seed is sownbroadcast late in the season. TheWinter Turf or Virginia G?ay is avery hardy variety wljich is valuablefor pasture or hay production, butwhich does not yield as much grainin the Southern States as the RedRustproof. On account of the smallsize of the kernels, only V bushelsof seed of this variety are required.There is little rest for the kidneysufferer --..'- - -rThe, backs 'throbs, feels weak 5 andpainfulThe urinary passages , are irregularand distressing.The sufferer tired, Worn-out and depressed. The kidneys need quick help.They heed a special kidney remedy.'Doan's Kidney Phis have stood thetest.Paris reader- doubt thisments.Can anystatement?Mrs. G. N. Gravett, 44 First Ave.,Winchester, Ky., says: "For years Ihave known Doan's Kidney Pills, andI consider them the best of all kidneyremedies. I had headaches and backache and was restless at night. I feltall tired out in the morning and sometimes was nervous. Seeing Doan'sKidney Pills advertised, I used them.They made me strong and well."Price 50c, at all dealers. Don'tsimply ask for a kidney remedy getDoan's Kidney , Pills the same thatMrs. Gravett had. Foster-MilburnCo., Props., Buffalo, N. Y.(adv)DESPONDENCY, DUETO INDIGESTION.It"is not at all surprising that persons who have indigestion becomediscouraged and despondent. Here area few words of hope and cheer forthem by Mrs. Blanche Bowers, Indiana, Pa. "For years my digestionwas so poor that I could only eat thelightest foods. I tried every thingthat I heard of to get relief, but notuntil about a year ago when I sawChamberlain's Tablets advertised andgot a bottle Of them, did I find theright treatment. I soon began toimprove, and since taking a few bottles of them my digestion is fine." Forsale by all dealers.(Nov.) , adv.Corner Fourth and MainModern Equipment,Polite Service.Everything Sanitary.Children's Work a Specialty.CARL CRAWFORD'rofessionai CardsDr. Wm. Kenney,PARIS, KENTUCKY.Office 514 Main Street.Oace Phones j Zel ."Pi It. A. H BJ3LLEK,& Practicing Physician,SSines, Rooms 4 and 5, Elk's Bid gI'aris - - KentuckyTO ERADICATE ILLITERACY.The women's, forward.. movement toeradicate illiteracy in Kentucky isprogressing and much interest is being shown in the work. Mrs. JLymanChalkley is the chairman of the Lexington work and one of the vice presidents of the State work. The Statecampaign for funds nas begun. Workis now being done at Lexington,Paris, Georgetown, Danville, Nicholasville and Harrodsburg.The work in Paris is being done under the direction of Mrs. John Davis.HAVE YOUMany women long or children, but because ofCome curable physical derangement are deprivedof this greatest of all happiness. 'The women whose names follow were restoredto normal health by Lydia E. Pinkham's Vegetable Compound. Write and ask them about it.J. S. Wallingford, M. D.office on Sixth Street,Between Main and High,1 1 r.cfcl PARIS, KYiMitchell..!T J. WILLIAMS,' , ATTORNEY-AT-LAWBice, Easement of Court House,lank Row Entrance.CANCER CUREDI Guarantee every cue I undertake; 20 year practice; reference, any citizen of Parlt.DR. WM. R. SMITH,Parft, Ky.&4Notice to Credit DrsII persons having claims againstestate of J. J. Peed, deceased, will-ent same properly approved to mea -Millersburg, Ky. All persons owing1 ' Ue will please call and settle.RUTH E. PEED,Administratrix.Ate of J. J. Peed, deceased.Oo-l mov - -;:r:3llBkl:&fiVfcM.iBriik.Ytft?B5lPVEXPOSURE OF BAKERYPRODUCTS TO CONTAMINATIONInspections show that there is stillmuch careless handling of bread afterit leaves the hake shop. The law doesnot prescribe a particular way inwhich, bread shall be protected fromcontamination, but it does provide thatit shall be protected. Unwrapped andunenclosed bread, between the bakerand consumer, between the baker andretailer, or between the retailer andconsumer, such as the exposure of unprotected loaves to the dust of thestreets, unclean hands of drivers, openwagons, carrying unprotected loavesto and from the street wagons, unclean bread boxes and other insanitary methods in small stores all constitute violations of the sanitary provisions of the Food and Drugs Act. Inspections are to be especially directed along this line, and all instanceswhere bread or other barkery products are found so exposed will be reported for prosecution.The department asks the co-operationof the bakers necessary to protect bread, and other bakery products,from contamination.R. M. ALLEN,Head of Department.BEWARE OF OINTMENTS FOR CATARRH THAT CONTAIN MERCURY."I took your Compound and have a fine,strong baby." Mrs.John Mitchell, Massena, N. Y." Lydfa E. Pinkham'sVegetable Compound is awonderful medicine forexpectant mothers."Mrs. A. M.- Myers, Gordonville, Mo." I highly recommendLydia E. Pinkham's Vegetable Compound before$! child-birth", it has done so-much for me." Mi's. E.!i0jli M. Doerk, R. R: 1, Con-shohocken, Pa." "1 took Lydia E. Pinkham's Vegetable Compound to build up mysystem and have thedearest baby girl in thewo j fd." Mrs. MoseBlakeley, Imperial, Pa."JL praise the Compound whenever I havea- chance. It did so muchfor me before my littlegirt was born." Mrs.E. W. Sanders, Rowles-burg, W. Va.I took your Compound before baby wasji-jj born and feel I owe mylife to it. "Mrs. Winnie ,TlLUS,- Winter Haven,Florida. . , vf 'IV. w -as mercury will surely destroy thesense of smell and completely derangethe whole system when entering itthrough the mucous surfaces. Sucharticles should never be used excepton prescriptions from reputable physicians, as the damage they will do isten fold to the good, you can possiblyderive from them. Hall's CatarrhCure, manufactured by F. J. Cheney &Co Toledo, O., contains no mercury,and ib jte taken Inteilnallyj,i lactingdirectly upon the blood and mucoussurfaces of the system. If buyingHall's Catarrh Cure be sure you getthe genuine. It is taken internallyand made in Toledo, Ohio, by F. J.Cheney & Co. Testimonials free.Sold by Druggists. Price 75c perbottle. ...Take Hall's Family ljms lor consu-i;.IU.L1U11.(Nov.)adv.c,fi ':X'.: i j.'. ,m 7fix.Embry C8Co.o4nnounce TheinReadiness to Show'ih'A1-''eirrrtf. ,t.n.' - . iNewWinteri mgTVUIIineryr-ii. - ;v M ''". r.fi'it (All :-si an:. is-, -. ff'ii ,,r ;n.. i ,.i ' ..' . i-h ";:?,-'of I if I)Especially Designed For7',.i Ofif.J j ao.Weddings, Receptions anA i!; Theatre Wear '"-i-jt-rl: :t ,;.' 4rV Entirely new effects trimmed with fur;; paradise, plumes, goura and other handsomenovelties.A distinctive feature will be the greatvariety of styles shown. In all this collectionof dressy hats no duplicates wil be seen,Embryo &, Co.cain Street, East3 Lexington, Ky.j.h run 'ifrnx'S .. 'fuifm vVifif TZJTi,ja&4, " 2'7f:r . i..:itIJKMONUMENT FOR MlSS DESHA.The grave of Miss Mary Desha, oneof the founders of the Daughters ofthe American Revolution, which haslong been unmarked in the Lexingtoncemetery, is -soon to have a monument erected over it with money raised by the Kentucky D. A. R. Of the$350 which was estimatea wouiu ue inquired for the monument ?284' hasbeen obtained, and $24 more promised nnrordinc to a report made byMiss Lizzie Lyle, of Lexington, chairman of the Monument Committee. Inaddition to further contributionswhich are expected from the Kentupky chapters, the ICentuckian Soci:ety of New .York is to be asked to contribute to the fund, which it is be.livpvfirt will. soon be completed. MissDesha was widely known in this city,.L where she has relatives.fu Six . iDHi . '- ., - !rm AvJL XxTCJ r- J JM? JLO 4jLt a anvestment-DURING OUR lO-DAYS' SALEWE ARE OFFERING Tk BIG REDUCTION INCARPETS, RUGS, MATTING,A L SO.AN ACTIVE L'lVERMEANS HEAliTH..-.-, j . HfIf you want good- health, a clearcomplexion and freedom from 'Dizziness, 'Constipation, Biliousness, Headaches and Indigestion, take Dr. Kirie'sNew Life Pills. They drive out: fer;mnnHner rnifl undicested foods, clear-ihe Blood and cure .Constipation.; OnlyJocl at your druggist-! (Nov.k v, - ,- , ";rikadv.-3GAS RANGES AND HEATERS,AND THEY HRE THErf :"3 .H ;grV.N EW PROCESS.t1r- Z "' rSskmoke your 'to See the Discount Off the NEW PROCESS GAS RANGE-"-9ifi- 'xva r7-z$" v-f"'ifi?LThanksgiving Baking a Pleasure. . ;;CHRISTMAS SHOPPERS Are Taking Advantage of These Low PricesLET US SHOW YOU.: is. its'-12 V "r-J&UgijSfig-.-' r.y&igi'i.i'i-": juvfiA. F. WHEELER FURNITURE CO.,FMain Stregt:. v,1 ,.CHS; GREENManager: ; .-; Opposite Court Houset- ".- 'hiX-- - ilTJfc. T -1 ' ,?-- ir . "J2T-V:- C'i- --r. 'JJ; -Hi"3T-i'A:A?-l1f-' - - .- - ..... V . -. - 'y- , . ?, . ' K. ?. se.s3 . J&t?fsrii in igfwiaMMBCTWT t u -. . r -T.wri , i- -v -e " ' -" T -vzf iHrfSx aSMT "5-i sSsisTHE BOURBON NEWS PARIS KENTUCKY, NOVEMBER 27 W14MK. WASHINGTON WEBBSUICIDES AT HIS HOME.)Thanksgiving day was turned intoM. day of gloom for one household, atleast, in Paris, when the news wasbrought to a stricken wife and rela-itives of the death by his own hand, ofthe head of the home.Mr. Washington Webb, aged about-sixty rears, one of the beat-know ifarmers of this county, died at hishome on South Alain street, about12:25 o'clock yesterday from a bulletfired into his forehead with suicidalintent.Mrs. Webb, who had been attendingchurch in Paris, came home from theservices and went out to her formerhome to snend the day with herbrother, Mr. John Clay, at the oldhome place, on the Georgetown pike.Mr. Webb remained at home.His sister, Mrs. Barlow, an invalid,-was the only other person on theplace. Mr. Webb was engaged in various occupations about the yard, mostof the morning, and wras seen abouttke place as late as eleven o'clock,when some neighbors saw him working in the yard. He seemed in hisusual good spirits, and was apparently in the best of health.Mrs. Barlow talked to Mr. Webb-some time and then went back to thehouse telling him she would call himwhen dinner was ready. About 12:30she went to the dour and called Mr.Webb several times, but hearing noresponse, set out in search of him.Not finding him in the rear yard, sheproceeded to the barn, and, after asearch, discovered Mr. Webb lying onhis back in a box stall at the foot ofa ladder leading frtin the hay loftThinking he had fallen from the hayloft and" been badly injured, and without examining the body, Mrs. Barlowscreamed aloud, her cries calling insome of her neighbors, Mr. J. A. Rice.and family and Mr. it. J. Sale. Tothem she said, "Brother has fallenand been killed." Mr. Rice and Mr.Sale and other neighbors sometime before had heard a shot in the directionof the barn, but paid no attention toitUpon investigation, they found Mr.Webb on his back, a pistol wound inthe center of his forehead and thepistol lying at his feet.Everything indicated the most carefid preparation for the deed. Mr.Webb had gone into the barn to thebox stall where he was found, hadspread out a lot of large feed sacksoq the floor, then sat down on atarnnrian hrnniiier hlnr.k. and with hisback to the partition, fired the shottkat ended his life. He had taken offhi coat and vest and hung them ona pitchfork.Mr. Rice immediately called Coroner Rudolph Davis, who came to thecesie at once and conducted an inTestigation. The body nor any of thesurroundings had been touched. Coromer Davis found that death had been-instantaneous, the bullet penetratinghe skull and lodging in the brain.The skin on the forehead was blackened and bursted by the powder fromft bulletUo note or anything that would indicate a motive for his self-destruction was left by Mr. Webb. His jneighbors stated that they had notinoticed anything unusual in his con- jauct.and that he had not seemed des- jpondent or in bad health. JMr. Webb was born and reared m (Paris, but some years ago moved to alarni in tne county, -na aiter ms, mai-riage to Miss Birdie Clay scjne yearsago, moved back to Paris, where &e,Methodist churcli, will'occupy his pul-hacl since resided.Coroner Davis empaneled a jurycomposed of Jno. S. Jones, foreman;A. T. Ingram. C. E. Myers, Jos. Godman, Robert Griffin and D. R. Bramel,who after hearing the statements ofthe witnesses, returned the followingverdict:"We, the jury, find the body beforeh to be that of Washington weno,fromt the evidence find that he (came to nis aeatn irom a pistoi wuuuuin his forehead, firetl by his ownhand."Aiir-rinM ne uintprr' 'STOCK NOW GOING ON.Attend the sale to-day of the Winters' stock of jewelry. Two sales dailyAt 2:30 p. m. and 7:30 p. m. Everybody is getting high-grade jewelry attheir own prices.RECORD PRICE FOR YEARLINGS.The highest price paid for an untrained yearling trotter at auctionsince 1910 was realized in New YorkTuesday, when Harvest Note sold for$2,100 at the opening of the twentiethannual "Old Glory" sale in MadisonSquare Garden. W. B. Miller, ofAkron, O., and Richard Delafield, ofTuxado Park, were the contending bidders for the colt, which was bred and iconsigned to the sale by L. V. Harkiieas, owner of Walnut Hall Farm,near Lexington. Mr. Miller, who wasone of those who paid $36,000 for thethoroughbred stallion, Uncle, lastyear, finally bought the young trotter.. Harvester Note is by San Francisco2: Q7, out of Notelet, dam of thechampion stallion, The Harvester 2:01aaa is entered in futurities worthabout $75,000. Walter R. Cox, of Do--ver,N. C, will train him for these engagements. FOR HOLIDAY GIFTS.Nothing more suitable for holidaygift than pictures, frames, Crane'sStationery, novelties Christmas cards,letter seals, boxes, etc. We have abeautiful assortment of the above.27-tf) PARIS BOOK CO.IF IT COMES' FROMWINTERS' IT'S RIGHT.Tkat's 'why everybody will attendtk auction at Winters & Co., which5 bow going on. Sale each day at2:3 and 7l30 p. m.WINTERS' AUCTION TO-DAY.r ,. -, . 44 41 4- i IDon t fail to attend the auction saleiwwjr .l wiuLcie. xveiv wuuc i ,T-i i 7 juttvo ueeu unauie to account ror it. Sunday atternoon there will be a boys'nigh-class store, dia- Samples have been forwarded to the meeting of Louisville boys and visitl, IS being sold to tile Airrieultural Enrfifui nt Frankfort Sn inn- rioirooe ir, o tv,ic!u. -welry in thisMuds excepted, is being sold to tnek&teet bidder.; Two sales daily atfj .there has been no complaint from2:Q-p. m. and iiQ p. m. Bokrbon county farmers. v'DEATHSDENIGAN.Mrs. Rebecca Denigan, a nativeof Bourbon county, died recently ather llome in San Francisco, Cal., afterU1 ,ej- "& ul pneumoniaMrs. Denigan is survived by herhusband, Mr. Thomas Denigan, onedaughter, Mrs. Edward Demoulin, andone son, Mr. Edward Denigan, all ofSan Francisco.She was a sister of Mrs. David Kennedy, of Bourbon, and Mr. WilliamMyall, of this city. Other survivingbrothers are: Messrs. Jerry, Frank,Edward and Charles Myall, of California, and Mr. Joseph Myall, of Washington, Iowa.Mrs. Denigan lived in Paris untilher marriage, and had frequently visited her Bourbon relatives.The burial took place in California.THOMAS.Mr. Clay Thomas, aged 37 years,a well-known young Harrison countyfarmer, died at his home near Broadwell, Saturday, after a long illness resulting from a complication of diseases. Mr. Thomas was married abouteight years ago to Miss Bertie Ammerman, daughter of Mr. and Mrs. JakeAmmerman. He is survived by hiswife, father and sister, Mrs. AddaKearns, of Bourbon. He was a nephew of Rev. Charles Thompson, ofMississippi, formerly of Lexington,and also of Keller Thompson, of nearLexington, and Wyatt Thompson, ofParis.The funeral services were conducted at the residence near Broadwell,Monday morning at 10 : 30 o'clock, conducted by Rev. W. A. McClure, of theBroadwell Presbyterian Church. Theremains were interred on the familylot in Battle Grove Cemetery, in Cynthiana. LANCKART.Mrs. Susan Lanckart, aged 84years, widow of Geo. Lanckart, Sr.,died at her home in Lexington, Monday, after a protracted illness of infirmities of old age.Mrs. Lanckart was the mother ofMiss Annie Lanckart, of Lexington,and Miss Minnie Lanckart, of. Ft.Worth, Texas, who have been frequent visitors in this city, and has onegrandson, Mr. C. P. Bales, residing inParis.She is survived by one son, Geo. W.Lanckart, in Lexington, and eightdaughters: Mrs. Stephen Bales, MrsWilliam Lanckart, Misses Annie andMaine jancKarc, ot uexmgiuu , misW. C. Witt and Miss Josie Lanckartof Cincinnati; Miss Minnie Lanckart,of Ft. Worth, Texas; Mrs. DonaldWaterman, of Los Angele.s, Cali.Funeral services were held at theresidence Wednesday afternoon attwo o'clock, conducted by Rev. E. J.Caswell. The burial followed in thefamily lot in the Lexington cemetery.L.Marriage licenses were granted bycounty Clerk Pearce Paton to MissMinnie Harney and Mr. C. B. Cassity,hnH, nf npflr Mllir and Mr EddieBanta zn& Miss Georgia Booth, of the JLittle Rock precinctRev. J. S. Simms, pastor of- thepit at 10:45 o'clock Sunday morning.Night service at 7 o'clock. Sundayschool at 9:30 a. m. Epworth Leagueat 6:15 p. m. Subject: "Builders ofMethodism McTyeire, the Founder ofa Universe." Leader, Miss EdithBrittain. The public is invited to allthe above services.JONES EVANS.TIia tnn.rrin.erA nf John T. Evans.retire(j fanner, and Miss Sallie .Jones,j was soiemnized at 3 o'clock Wednes-day afternoon at the residence of the(officiating minister, the Rev. J. H.MacNeill, in Winchester. Following" lculuui LU 1CJ-1' "l " ""i bile for Lexington, accompanied byWesley Jones, a brother of the bride,and Miss Bernice Henry, who hasbeen visiting her from Mt. Sterling.After a short honeymoon trip, Mr. andMrs. Evans will reside on Garnerstreet, in Winchester. Mr. Evans iswell-known in this city and county.j BARR WATKINS.j Robert Barrr of Blackwell, Okla.,' and Mrs. Ellen Watkins, of Little Rock,this county, were quietly marriedTuesday afternoon by the Rev. E. R.Lacey at his residence in Lexington.Mr. Barr, who is a native of Nicholascounty, and Mrs. Watkins have beenfriends since cliildhood. The marriage is the second matrimonial venturefor each. They expect to remain inKentucky for about ten days beforereturning to Oklahoma, where theywill make their home. Mr. Barr isaccompanied by his son-in-law, Lafe jMann, of Blackwell. The groom is a )fanner at Blackwell, where he has re- jsided for four years. " IBIRTHS.In his flight to Europe to reptenish the wasted population of the war-desolated countries, the Stork pausedat the residence of Mr. Harry SaloshiuWednesday morning and leftthenousehom a ten-pound daughter. All jaoing well, including the happy fa-1ther.THINGS TO WORRY ABOUT. .ac uarnsie, jaionaay, urowe vsnea iwas fined S5 for beine drunk. JEvi- S. i " - r . .aently imagined he was a knitting ,needle, and got his skeins tangled up.1WHEAT GROWERS PUZZLED. 'Wheat growers in several countiesadjoining Bourbon are deeply puzzl-ed at present over the condition ofthe winter wheat. In a number ofn1QS uie stalKS are aying close downto the ground and so far the farmers 'liave been Unable tO account for f.. 'Agricultural Bureau at Frankfort. SnMATRMONIALEXANDER TRIAL.(Continued From Page 1)solvent, because it could cash a checkfor ten dollars or so, is so ludicrousas to be pitiful. If Smith had givenhim three days, he could not havecashed a check for three cents, as hestole eight thousand dollars the morning he went to Frankfort. Of the seventeen thousand dollars in over-drafts,Mr. Alexander said, "Four hundredand five dollars were bad." Mr. Woodford is a man highly respected in thecommunity. Mr. Alexander is a selfconfessed forger, embezzler and perjurer. Which one will you believe?Mrs. Rudisill, whom he robbed, askedwhat was the meaning of the term"State Bank." Mr. Alexander toldher it meant the 8ate was back ofhis bank. Where in the" heart of anyman is there a place for him, whowould rob that silver-haired, sweetfaced, old blined woman? Did he knowhis bank was insolvent? Gentlemen!He committed himself, the act whichmade it solvent. Oh! the irony! thetragedy and the sarcasm of connectingthis case with Thanksgiving Day. HasMag Wilson, the poor negro nurse, hasMrs. Rudisell, has Mrs. Allis, have thehundred of poor depositors aught tobe thankful for? He thinks by hisarrogant manner that you dare notsend him to the penitentiary. He hasadmitted on the stand every crimeknown to a "banker. If you turn himloose he is liable to hit some one inthe head and steal his money, and sayhe did not intend to hurt him. He hasbeen contradicted by his own sister,his nephew and his dearest iriends,and by each and every witness -on thestand. It is pitiful to hear E. H.Owens, with tears in his eyes, say,he is still his friend. Yet he changedthe name of a check and stole fourteen hundred dollars from Mr.Owens. What payment for friendship. He tells you Murphy, Fuhrman,Winters all lied. The only one whoasked for and has a receipt for thesetransactions is Mr. Bacon, and he isout of the State.. A peculiar coincidence. He is self-convicted, yet he believes that by his brazen and arrogantmanner, you will be afraid to do yourduty and send him to the penitentiary. All I ask of you is to ask yourself, who created the forty thousanddollars in worthless peper. Who created the hundred and eighty thousanddollar indebtedness which does notshow on the books? Who robbed Ed.Owens, Mrs. Allis, Mrs. Rudisilland all the others? I ask you to givea verdict that will ring around thisState and even to the Waldorf Astoria, in New York, where lies the money of Mrs. Allis, stolen to create -a Roman holiday for him of one day."The jury retired at 3:27, and afterbeing out one hour and forty minuteswere called in by Judge Stout andasked it they had agreed upon a verdjct. Foreman Thomason repliedthey had not. Judge Stout then gavethem the usual admonition and turned the jury over to the Sheriff andtold them that the;- could return tothe court house aivc deliberate andthat if they had reached a verdict byten p. m. to call him. The jury thenretired.(Other Alexander News on Page 2)RABBITS WITH DIPHTHERIA.From different sections of the Stateand especially from the Central Kentucky counties, come reports of thefinding of numerous dead rabbits 'thatare supposed, to have died from diphtheria. One farmer in Pendletoncounty reports having picked up six-l teen dead rabbits in a field in thecourse of an afternoon walk.Rabbits found dead in Nicholascounty and suspected of .having diedfrom the disease have been sent toMr, J. Quincy Ward, Executive Agentof the State Fish and Game Commission, and he has sent them to Dr.Lillian South, at the State Board ofHealth laboratory, at Bowling Greenfor examination. It is doubted insome circles whether the animalshave really died of diphtheria, but Mr.Ward is going to find out.WINTERS' AUCTION. NOW GOING ON.Attend the auctionjewelry at Winters'.of high-gradePRISONER ESCAPES.George Innes Simpson, a saddlecolored citizen, who was recentlymade a ward of the county under acharge of shooting and wounding withintent to kill, made his escape fromthe county rock quary, in East Paris,Wednesday afternoon while the attention of the guard was attracted elsewhere. Simpson watched his opportunity, and when the guard's back wasturned he slipped behind a row ofi dump carts and made his way acrossLth? reefc The guards gave pursuit,I hn ?mPf mfde llls get-away clean,.tUIU ' bUU dL ltUseTHINGS TO WORRY ABOUT., ,. ,ouriuiiS,uu.yuynx. may De an ngiitus long us uie ngirc lasts, Dut its"burning midnight" that sends us toa premature grave.'ON TO LOUISVILLE."The Secretary of the Y. M. C. A.,Mr. Earl L. Mast, has announced thenames nf the young men who will gofirm Uourbon to the Older Boys' Conference, which will be held in Louisville the last of this week. The dele-gates are: Messrs. Hiram Adair,Claude Ballard, Basil Hayden. RussellClayton Maurice Clark Clyde Bur- juci i j , vjucio. u. jucituu, xituueii x em- jplin, Thos. McClintock, LeLwis Mitch-'- ell, Julian Thomas and Dennis Snapp. I-.. . ... . -.---!ine ooj's will be accompanied by RevO. R. Mane-um. Prof, n P T,niiMct0,and Secretary Earl L. Mast. Theparty left Paris this morning, at 7:48,Dy way 0j Lexington. Mr. DennisSnapp is on the program for the onen- iing session this afternoon with a pa-1per on "The Quest of the Best in Our jQuiet Hours." On Friday night therewill be a banquet of the delegates atthe Louisville Y. M. C. A. Building andon Saturday afternoon there will be asight seeing trip around the town. OnSnndnv aftprnnnn thoro will ho . l,v,itnir dninfmios irwn nc twQ4QT,J ward Meeting.- ThV partv wiVrH.turn to Tari nn irnminv "nm;ff - 'j turn. to Paris on 'Monday morning.'h-Iiin us.8a9939mmmwith all the newest and snappiest novelties in the market. We are showing thenew styles in Stone Set Back Combs, Stone Set and Jet Chains, Mesh Bags andVanities in guaranteed gold-filled stock, Ladies' Watch Braceletsan especialstrong line in this class of goods.As A Special This Week we are offering an excellent one-day-timeClock, fully guaranteed, at the remarkable price of fifty cents. See ourwindow display.Buy Early and Avoid the Christmas Rush.Any selections made now will be reserved until the Holidays.THE HOUSE OF QUALITY FOR JEWELRY,SHIRE & PITHIANiILLITERACY CAMPAIGNSUCCESSFULLY LAUNCHED.The Bourbon county end of theState-wide campaign to stamp out ill ---1OAtv Qrhnrlc nrtt lictpnpfl with rflnfoki ,i i;tft,i ,i, .fattention to a remarkably fine addressby Mrs. Cora Wilson Stewart.bv Mrs. Cora Wilson Stewart.. ?' ?!?;" 'fLSSS,- well-known,iV"?..u""", n w 3mIwork in this direction has attractedthe attention of all America. She' iseasilv one of the foremost women ofto-day in educational work. She is ahighly-educated, noble woman, and herwork deserves the many complimentspaid her.The! attendance on this c3ca.sionproved the desire of the people ofthis section to assist in a worthy un-.,v:. ,nA oil oora axira-o- rmthnc.ST and Ikmined to leni a &hand.Mrs. Stewart's address was a stirring narrative, simply but beautifullytold, and was largely an appealingstorv of the eagerness with which ithose "who were in darkness" of illiteracy seized the opportunity of gaining the rudiments of an education.She paid a splendid tribute to theteachers of the State who had volunteered without additional pay to servein the moonlight schools, and saidthat all the commission asked was asmall fund to provide the paper and! .,,! l,1- nnn,of f sioiKiron the correspondence. The conclu -" e w o,M,Me wne f,iii nf oin -ion rH HoTten the dav " she said whenwhether in the mountains, or by the:f, xrof,or1;rr" "';"",.,. ""sea, in the cotton fields or on the " tlZalTf o ,5f se L l0Western plains, may have a school .fe and loafs around unthat is open not only to his wife, his i LJ W Judgment tomes f intte, . . , ,..,, k !..grown son ana nis agea tamer anu uishired man and himself by night.WncfAii t.hft dav when there shall be1no men and women in this countrywho have eyes to see, but see notthe splendid truths which have beenwritten in books, and who have handsto write, out write uot uie uiuuguibwhich, if recorded, might stamp withgenius someone whose wisdom theworld, in its urgent need, is seeking." WINTERS' AUCTIONNOW GOING ON.... , ,, ..i e 1,:V. nAnATIKI (1 I.I IK .1 lli:i.ltJll Ul 111K11-K. 1 ilUC. r w'tnre'jeweir at winters, jCOUNTY TAX DUE.The county tax fistsare tIOW ready. Payyour taxes before December 1 , and . savethe six per cent, penalty that will attachon all unpaid taxeson that date.W. Pv. TALBOTT,Sheriff Bourbon Cowily.Think, Mr.For 48 years this house has catered to thewants of the people in this section- in the Jeweljry line and we believe that in all that timewe have ever been faithful to the trust placedThink, Mr. Jewelry Buyer.Does not this 48 years of unsullied service stand for something?Does It not represent to you an intrinsic commercial value? Can it notonly impress you with the fact that this house must not only handlethe right kind of goods and sell them at the right prices, but also havegiven good honest service, to have established an honorable recordfor this length of time?Yes, think it over, Mr. Jewelry Buyer, and then call and inspectour stock and prices.We Are Now Prepared to Display OurComplete Holiday IineTHANKSGIVING DAY FIT-TINGLY OBSERVED HERE,'That Thanksgiving bird which is al; !?2n2leJi Jn ordertoreMrrSCKentucky, tne sentence of death as... J' ocurcmcm"l ?l -.fr??' , was . c.arr!e.dj h -"' Xf hii? " .) "? 5? " "wa went to his. lv n .tZJ:: " u" :L.ya ,the homes and hotels of the citv-I? some homes, however, chicken;,ndw'?wJ SebL" a WI rKfnS;ih,e .kfZ!wcl1 ,has. Participated inall previous Thanksgiving festivals,had a real season for giving thanksfor the first time since the Americanpeople set aside a day in commemoration of the first harvest reaped by thePilgrims at Plymouth. But to mostKentuckians a Thanksgiving dinnerWrMllrJ Tl-f Yn rtfri !-. - if 4-1. I-! "" " " v,umiiicic n. mo U1UWUj ? ? L !!??ing odor and the essential trimmings,were not present. Thanksgiving andturkey are synonomous.Turkeys this year, like fashionablefeminines, had to be slender andsylph-like. Whether the craze for reducing or the craze for "turkey trotting" was responsible has not beendefinitely decided. One commissionman blames the climate for this year'sstyle in turkeys."If it had snowed this year wewould have had fat turkeys," saidthis Paris commission man. "Yousee, turkeys do nt realize that ThanksSS unless there is snow! on the ground. . as long as the grassils sreen and dirt convenient, turkeys,i mce sorne People insist on runningmeantime mittins- nn n muniiiv rfacij. -- "j v.coat ot tat-Union Thanksgiving: services were, held in the Methodist Church, ad-dresses being made by a number ofspeakers. The musical part of theservices was in perfect accord with. " vmi. ui mc uutiaiuu, uuu wasdelightfully rendered. Sen-ices wereheld at the Episcopal Church in themorning hour, the rector, Rev. George ed to a great extent by the exhibitionH. Harris, delivering an appropriate of their picture "When the Tangosermon. 'Craze Hit Lexington!a large number of hunters todk to ' , Mr R; A Nixon ws in town Tuest.hp fipirtQ thio Uftincv fT,: , !day and made arrangements to runreturning 'thanks, after being tied tojtneir various occupations in the cityI ...ivMfc uvupauuiia in Lilt;. C 1 j. j . . .u weeKS at a "me witnout a vacationQuite a number went to Lexingtonto witness the struggle for gridironhonors between football elevens of theTransylvania and the Central University team from Danville.Special features at the local picture houses- were largely patronizedby the people, the holiday spirit seemingly pervading all lines of business.Most of the business houses wereclosed in the afternoon in order to givetheir employes the benefit of a halfholiday. Schools - closed Wednesday - andmany of the pupils of the schools atpthpr Places came home to participateMiUHttlJBuyer! j'in the festivities incident to the, ob-servance of the day.I The banks and nnshnffine wbm .inc.- 'ed, and the rural carriers anH tho;! carriers made but one mail delivery-utnomfrva!nous colleges and erhitinnai iCHt.l tl0ns makm- the Tenth street passenger station a merry placeWINTERS' AUCTION TO-DAY.Don't fail to attend the auction saleto-day at Winters'. Every article otjewelry in this high-class store, diamonds excepted, is being sold to thehighest bidder. Twj sales dailv at2:30 p. m. and 7:30 p. m.IN MEMORIAM.In loving remembrance of littleNathan Bayless Adair, who died No-vember 22, 1914." 'Neath our eyes he faded sloviv.Growing day by day more frail;Bearing sweetly all his sufferingWithout murmur, moan or wail:Like a pure and spotless lilySoft unfolding to the sun,Turns with faith our dear oneTo his best beloved one. ."Yes, the sweet little voiceWe loved to hear is stillAnd the vacant spotLeft by his goingIn the hearts of all lovedHim can ne'er be filled."But God in His goodnessHas taken the bright little 'Darling to join theSweet angels in HeavenWhere all is perfect happinessAnd suffering andTrouble are no more."A FRIEND."' LEXINGTON MOVIETO BE SHOWN HEREFr the benefit of the "Baby Milkj Fund." A recent venture in movie" "j ucAmgiuu society laaies nasproved a big success and the "BabrMiIk Fund" will be doubt be enhanc-the picture in the Columbia Theatre. cauujf ?ieruoon ana evening.This pretty little film story carrieswith it a strain of comedy seldomseen on the picture screen and allwho have seen the picture are loudin their praise for it.Here is an opportunity to see anexceptionally good program and atthe same time help along a goodcause. Even if you have not the timeto see the show you have the opportunity to drop your dime in at thebox 'Office if you see fit. Rememberthe date and come and bring vourfiends. (adv.) vNEW SAUERKRAUT.Hehis's new sauerkraut, 5e lb.(6-tf) A."W. COTTrNGHAMif9999999999m99999999999999999999999993k. &t "- '"vSC- "THE BOURBOh. NEWS ARIS; kENTUCKY, T&fatSJ&Zt;' 1914.VvtSiwHAS THE BESTOF ALL LINES MADECOLD WEATHER.Phone your order for BestCoal to Phones 14.rf CHAS. S. BRENT & BROSOCIAL AND PERSONAL.THINGS TO WORRY ABOUT.Miss Lilli- .May Grow aud Mr. BenR. Moore, of Nicholasville, were recently married in that cit&r. Now,perhaps Lillie May Grow Moore.ODD FELLOWS, ATTENTION!All members of Bourbon Lodge No.?3, I. O. O. P., are requested to meetat their lodge room Sunday night atG:30 o'clock to attend the special services at the Methodist Church.Readers of the BourbonNews will confer a favor ifthey will call No. 124, bothphones, and telephone us anyitems of news they, may learn,particularly the coming andgoing of visitors. If youhave guests, show them thecourtesy of giving their namesto our paper.APPOINTED ADMINISTRATOR.County Judge Chas. A. McMillanhas appointed William Gregory as administrator of the estate of his father, jthe late George Gregory. Mr. Gregorygave bond in the sum of $500, withMr. Frank Sullivan as surety.Mrs. Nathan Bayless is ill at herhome on Duncan avenue.Mrs. Mary Hibler is yi at herhome on Convent Heights.Mrs. C. J. McLear was a guest offriends in Winchester yesterday.Mrs. Logan Howard is a. guest ofher mother, Mrs. Baker, in Lexington.Mr. and Mrs. J. D. Burnaw worpguests of friends in Cynthiana, yester- been attending school in Cincinnati,ian Gilkey, Leonard Pronk, William', ionic, itoy uurley and Homer Burley.Mr. J. Frank Trisler has gone toLouisville, where he will take a special course in embalming.Mr. and Mrs. J. W. Bacon andMiss Clara Bacon returned Wednesday night after a three-weeks' stayat Taswell, Va.Master Dan Parker Roche and little sister, Elizabeth, of Cincinnati, arespending the Thanksgiving holidayswith relatives in Paris.Elder W. E. Ellis, pastor of theParis Christian Church, is in Lawrenceburg, where he is conducting arevival meeting at the Christianchurch.Miss Prances Gillan, of Detroit,Mich., who is attending the KentuckyCollege for Women at Danville, is acharming guest of Miss Corinne Collins for the Thanksgiving holidays.Mr. Sherman H.- Stivers, editorof the Blue Grass Farmer edition ofthe Lexington Herald, spent Thanksgiving day in Paris as an interestedspectator at the Alexander trial.Miss Elizabeth Brown, who hasDR. ROBERTS GOES TO MAINE.Dr, H. H. Roberts, who formerly resided in Paris, and lately of Lexington, has gone to Poland Springs,Maine, where he and Mrs. Robertswill reside in the future. Mrs .Roberts is a sister of Mrs. Ed. Tucker, ofParis.SAUSAGE-SEASONSSALE OF FANCY ARTICLESA sale of fancy articles for Christmas shoppers will be held at the millinery store of Mrs. Come WatsonBaird, on December 10, 11 and 12, under the auspices of the Daughters ofthe Wesley Bible Class of the ParisMethodist Church.IcCLOSING OUT SALE.I am closing out my entire stockof dry goods, shoes and clothing atcost and will put in a large and complete fresh stock of groceries. If youwant some bargains in the above, callin and see me. 1 will save, you money.CHARLIE MONSON,(It) South Side Court House.SUITABLE CHRISTMAS PRESENTSdayMrs. Taylor Chandler is a guest ofMr. and Mrs. William Howard, Jr., inEwing.Miss Mary Kenney Webber is aguest of Miss Juliett Lee Risque, inMidway.Mrs. Thomas Henry Clay, Jr., hasas guest Miss Helen Bennett, ofRichmond.Mr. and Mrs. Fred Weckesserhave returned from a visit to friendsin Lexington.Mr. Shy Owsley, of Robertsoncounty, spent Thanksgiving with relatives in Paris.Mrs. Edith Alexander Bronston, ofLexington, has beon the guest of relatives in this city this week .Mr. James Pappas, of the ParisRestaurant, has returned from a hunting trip in Montgomery County.Miss Mary Leonard Cassell, ofLexington, was the guest of Miss Martha Ferguson, in the county this week.Mr. and Mrs. Alven Brandenberg,Come to our store and select yourChristmas nreien.; such things topick from as, Bibles, 50-cent books, 0f Kansas, are guests of Mr. and Mrs' Journal at Frankfort, and is now coihas arrived to spend the Thanksgivingholidays with her father, Dr. J. T.Brown, in this city.Mr. and Mrs. Bun Brown and Mrs.Belle Sanders, who have been theguests of Paris relatives, have returned to their homes in Columbus andNorwood, Ohio, respectively.Mr. J. Miller Ward returned yesterday from an extended trip to Kansas City, Mo., and other Westernuiues. mr. wara said tnat everywhere he went he found evidences ofa revival of business, a better generalcondition, and very little complaint.Mr. Ward was in the West on a business trip connected with the horsebusiness.Mr. Davis Hutchcraft, lately ofFrankfort, is spending the Thanksgiving holidays with his parents, Mr. andvMrs. J. Perry Hutchcraft, in EastParis. Mr. Hutchcraft, who has madean enviable record in newspaper work,has resigned his position on the StateTHE BEST HEATER AND RANGEGet the New Process Gas Rangeand Heater, from the leading stoveman.A. F. WHEELER & CO.Private Nurse.Mrs. Carrie Prakes Stone will spendthe winter here and offers her services as trained nurse in privatehomes. Eight years experience inhospitals, institutional and privatenursing. Graduate of Louisville CityHospital Training School. Call Cumberland phone 428. (27-2t)The Best Sage and Pepper ForSausage Seasoning atARDERY DRUG CO. SThe Nome of Pure Spices, flavoring Extracts, Etc.For Sale.Prescriptions A SpecialtyAnd Certified Drugs at the RegularPrice.EVERYTHING THAT DRUG STORES CARRY.The Ardery Drug Co.Clarke's Old Stand.WW!Two mules, suitable for delivery i i&MH'M,''''I'C'MOC,C''M"t''lili'l 111 1' 'wagon, for sale cheap.S. G. CLAY.(27-3t) Paris, Ky.latest novels, boys and girls books,trick books for children. Subscrfition to magazines taken. Any of theabove would be acceptable.(27-tf) PARIS BOOK CO.Y-GIRLS' CLUB ORGANIZED.A girls' club, conducted along linessimilar to the Woman's Club, of thiscity, and called the "Girls' PastimeClub," has recently been organizedby the young ladies of the FourthGrade in the Paris Public School, withthe following officers: Miss NannetteArkle, president; Miss Elizabeth Stuart, vice-president; Miss Virginia Hancock, secretary; Miss Ruth Wheeler,treasurer. Miss Wheeler was the hos-James H. Haggard, on Cypress streetMrs. O. P. Clay has returned froma visit to her daughter, Miss EleanorClay, -who is attending GeorgetownCollege.Mr. and Mrs. Charles A. Webberare spending the Thanksgiving holidays with friends and relatives inShelbyville. ..Mrs. W. T. Brooks is spending theThanksgiving holidays with relativesin Harrodsburg.Mr. and Mrs. Charles W. Heckhave returned from a visit to friendsin Mt. Sterling.Mrs. William Cooper is visitingfriends and relatives in Mercer county, her old home.Miss Georgia Boston, of Winches-nected with a large advertisingagency in LouisviIe, where he is"making good" as usual.Mr3. Thomas M. Allen entertained the members of the newly organized Bridge Club at her home on Duncan avenue. A substantial luncheonwas served to the following guestspresent: Mrs. Robert Meteer, Mrs.Frank Kiser, Mrs. Thornwell Tadlock,Mrs. Fayette Ardery, Mrs. Will Scott,Mrs. W. G. McClintock, Mrs. PrankClay, Mrs. Watson Judy, Mrs. T. A.Nichols, Mrs. Ollie Marshall, Mrs. J.G. Metcalfe and Miss Artie Ashbrook,of Lexington.CHRISTMAS GIFTS.tess at the club's nrst entertainment . ter, is a guest of friends and relalast Saturday. On next Saturday the ) tives in this city and countv.club will be entertained oy miss iuaryPrances Burns.-Miss Agnes Turner will ,?-nid j auction, now onj Christmas is coming. Prepare byJ buying from Winters during the bigELJ'.S' MOAST PIG.the Thanksgiving holidays in Winches-lci aa me gueat ol miss iviarguerue i m d OLIVER CLAY TODavisMrs. Thos. H. Roberts and son,E., Thomas, Jr., have returned from aCONDUCT TOBACCO SALES.Paris Lodge No. 373, B. P. Ogave a delightful "roast pig social" j visit to friends and relatives in LexTuesday evening',' at their rooms in j ington.he Bourbon Bank fc irust uo.s Mr. L. B. Purnell has returned diana as auctioneer on the breaks itbuilding. The menu comprised many fSOm an extended trip through the their house"delicacies oi uie sen&uu, uui cii j mountain counties in tne interest orpiece de resistance was young roast j the Paris Milling Co.The Bourbon Tobacco WarehouseCompany has re-engaged the servicesof Mr. Oliver H. Clay, of Waldon, In-? w vni? "linH nnrl lmir 11 ri A OAOinl 1 Ti T. 7T r 1yi&i suiuKjiicu o.nx uiuMiv.u. x dwm luiss dt?sHi iuae uciterman, or year and hisnour louowea. 1 ne wnoie uuuu as , near raris, ana Mrs. Raymond Taylor,greatly enjoyed by all. The News ! of Millersburg, are guests ot Miss Netforce acknowledges kindly remem- tie Lou Banks, in Winchester,torances from the Elks, in -the shape Mr. and Mrs. William Clarke, ofof substantial portions of the feast, Cincinnati, are spending the Thanksincomparable in quality, and generous ( giving holidays with Mr. and Mrs.in quantity. i John Stuart Roberts, near Paris.Misses Mattie and Frances WrightBOX AND PIE SUPPER. of Winchester, spent the Thanksgiv-1 1! .1 !H. XI- - JI ii ing nouuays witn uieir grandparents,Mr. Clay made a aplendid record asI an auctioneer during the season lastyear, and his thorough familiaritywith the comforting weed, and themanner of handling it on the floorj greatly facilitated the work ot buyersand handlers. Mr. Clay will move toParis with his family to remain untilthe close of the season.A Rare ChanceYou will never forgiveyourself if you miss an opportunity of a lifetime to getone of the very latest modelsinLadies9 Cloaksworth from $10 to $15 at$4.98 and $6.75At Oar Closing Oat Sale.Thomas, Woodford& Bryani,All other goods f at correspondingly low prices to closeout.n miiFIRE, 'WIND AND LIGHTNINGINSURANCEON TOBACCO AND BARNS.B. FRIEDMAN, Prop.jhJ24m25wJiPROMPT SETTLEMENTS.CIRCUIT COURT.A. box supper and entertainment for j Mr. and Mrs. J. W. Wright, near thisthe benefit of the Palmer school house city.was given in the school building on I Messrs. Stewart D. McCray, ofWednesday evening, at 7 o'clock. Thei.ortli Middletown, and Mr. Robertofferings were numerous and of a varied nature, and realized a neat sumfor the schoolAt the Spears' Mill school on the 4same niglit the teachers, pupils anapatrons of the school had a greattime at an old-fashioned "pie supper,"the proceeds of which, a nice littlesum, will be donated to tne improveTurner, of Paris, will be week-endguests of Mr. F. J. Jones, in Winchester. Mr. W. N. Henderson, who hasbeen a guest of William and T. Lail,on Lilleston avenue, for several days,1has returned to his home in WestLafayette, Ohio.Mrs. Ernest Hosier, of Lexington,Following an adjournment takenfrom last Friday, the grand jury metTuesday and after making its final report to Judge Stout, was discharged.The jury returned a number of indictments against various offenders, mostly of a minor nature.The time of the court since the beginning of the Alexander trial hashas been occupied by that case.WANTED.in exit of the school.good time.Everybody had a , iIrs Nellie Starke and Mr. George C.SSSLV8 "iS I Bourta County. Salary $70. week of their mother, Mrs. Carrie F,Stone, and relatives in the county,i Miss Anna Louise White, who hasar" ' been attending Sayre Institute in Lex-rested in Winchester and returned to j ington, will spend the ThanksgivingParis bv Jailer Jos Farris, on a wai-. holidays with her parents, Mr. andTHIEF CAPTURED.Albert Thomas, colored, wasrant charging him with grand larceny. The complaint was madeagainst Thomas by Fred Peyton, anMrs. Frank P. White, near this city.-Miss Alva L. Field has returnedto her home in Fleming county fromemploye of a railroad construction , a vjslt to her sister, Mrs. J. H. IUchcamp near Austerlitz, he-alleging that ards, who is recovering from a recentThomas had stolen a pair of trousers j operation at the Massie Memorial Hosand a suit of clothing belonging to pital.him from a camp car which Peyton J The Winchester Sun says: "Mrs.was occupying. The property was dis- Samuel Willis left Monday for Paris,posed of at a second-hand dealer in wuere she will spend a few days beWinchester, and afterward identified j fore going to Cincinnati, where shebv Peyton as his property. Thomas wm be under treatment in a hospitalis" being held here awaiting an ex- ( m that city."amining trial. There is no improvement in thecondition of Attorney Ray Mann, whoNEW STORE, NEW STOCK. j uas been quite ill in Louisville. Hismother, Mrs. Russell mann, his brothHaving disposed of our old stock as i eTf jyfn Whittington Mann, and hisa -whole, as a result of the dissolution, brother-in-law. Dr. W. K. Dudley, areol the firm, I have replaced it with j at ajs bedside,an entire new and up-to-dato line ofthe most durable and fashionable Miss Sythe Kerns and her guest,shoes that could be bought. It will . Miss BetHe Tutt, of St Louis, werehe mv aim to carry the very best and guests of Miss Mattie Herndon, inat the same time have all grades of , Lexington, Wednesday and Thursday,shoes from the lowest priced to the Miss Tutt was enroute to her home mmost 'costly. Higli-class ladies' and St. Louis,gents' shoes a specialty. Remember, Hamilton left Wednes-our stock is entirely new, not an om nftamnrxn rr T.miwniA wIip hPMan past 30 with horse and buggyto sell Stock Condition Powder inpermonth. .Adress, 9 Industrial Building,Indianapolis, Indiana. (27)),n c2& Kr.-rr ,i Vvilli"m u--3fee-pv2e33g& GM'!z-rrX' i. JA -. '9'ril2. . S VWrf Av rj-2 f.'nx v APsvpair of shoes in the store. You are m"vited to call. , .,Tr.(27-lt) GEO. McWLILIAMS.AN AUCTIONEER OF MERIT.will assist the Federal authorities in - Jians ill the world are atan inspection oi live sluck uestiueafor shipment to outside markets, andto investigate the suspected presenceof the foot-and-manth disease. IStay at homeand go to the theatreSounds funny, doesn't it?eYet that's exactly what youcan do when -you own aVictor stay at home andenjoy the finest kind of a performance. The or r e a t e s tsinoers, musicians and come-!ft 2 Qt. Cof feeJjF '""Percolator Mlm II irIWittrPlate JHW JHffIsfiamcr IHHI RosierFREEFREEWillRoll Front Mongal Kitchen WetMr. Sam Goldblat, of Buffalo, N. ., ' Mr ami Mrs. Dory Scott enteruho is conducting the jewelry auction fc, at their home on Lilleston aveoi A. J. Winters & Co., is surely an nue in lonor 0f the tenth birthday ofauctioneer of merit. Few, if any, 4 tlleir nephew, Master John Scott. VaJlesmen, has ever worked in Pans rjous games and amusements were ent1 t has given the trade as polite ser- -j0yea- by. the young people, and deli-ce as has Mr. Goldblat he is cour- cious refreshments, consisting of ices;in-is, matter of fact, and not like and qqs Were served to th efollow-irfttf people in his line, tun oi . cuu, ing guests: Misses Alona Taylor, Ke"h't air," etc. He tells what he is becca Purnell, Edna Pronk, RuthRIHng and sells it. His word is made yheeier, Ida Lee Wheeler, Edna Rose,rrl by the "Winters guarantee." No Qaroiyn wilmoth, Ina Mae Monson,e- jokes or funny stories are m- violett Crowe, Louise Wright; Ias'V'! inly him. It is a pleasure to ters Jonn gcott, Carley Scott, KenUtccJ YvTinters' Auction, whether you,nittl Taylor, Albert Wright, Blakeget any of the ba.rgi ar not. j Laades, George R5 Rosa, Marion Fith-your command, and youcan arrange a program tosuit yourself.Stop in today and get a Victor foryour home. Any style Victor ($10 to$100) or Victoi-Virtrola ($J5 to $250)you prefer on eny monthly payments.The cost of ? few theatre tickets amonth will pav f.r .the permanentenjoyment o! the Victor.DaughertyBros.Wilverv3 We Are Giving Absolutely TREE a Set of ThisAluminum Ware IZ TfaisLWare is the'very; highest" jgrade, and you know the XZ McDOCJGALL is the best Kitchen Cabinet manufactured.! THE J. T. HINTON COMPANYParis, Kentucky Phones 36Undertaking-Ambu'ance-Wood MantelsMcDotigal Kitchen-cabinets. Poster Bros. Safety Cribs.tiniMmiMiMnimmnmnnmmMIMnmMmmmimm'tJ4LfFWi-kfTHE BOURBON NEWS: PARIS, KENTUCKY. NOVEMBtR 27,- ' 'r,-rV-ASi--. 0it -TJ -i XBUidbBdffkiUii rCDW. BURKE,i Pr.es ident.Tobaccoi 1 iJyh-cif-,(OpenmSATURDAY, DEC. ,5ii Open To Receive Tobacco December 1stSecond Househandled the pastLowest sellingtucky: ' .We solicit your patronage and guarantee courteous 4.treatment and prompt service. kTTTTTTTttTTTTTttTTvvtvtTTiISIlis It Worth Insuring?Asc us to give you therates. We give especial attention to all farm business,Try us. Call 36 or 171 day,T 56 night.W. 0. HINTON& SON,THE NEW FIRM.take chances Tritixyour fowls?Bourbon Poultry CuroIs absolute and Quick death tothe .germs o roup, colds andother infectious diseases. Afew4rops In the drinking waterkills the disease eerms and prevents sickness. One 50c bottlemakes 12 gallons of medicine.At druggists, or by mail, postpaid. Valuable poultry bookIBIPUIH UMmY CO.. Imi&d It.HOWCertainly?fSw?mK -si. vii i; j M- . 1 F ',MTER TOURIST TSPECIAL ROUND- jf? viCUBATLUKliM&l P :AND TO ALL OTHER RESORTS' OF THE SOUTH. "? 'TICKETS'ON SALE DAILY. LIBERAL -RETURN LIMIT.- 5 "FAVORABLE STOP-OVER PRIVILEGES. 'EQUIPMENT, SERVICE AND SCENERY UNSURPASSED9 PHHHPHHHPPmkII IHOXi L-c- 1M201tBr sj zma- t -- " -'.: ', -$ f -WS r w-J - wtf -H. S. CAYWO3I,: Vice-President.- - , k.a.j jrirLj r -- - ..,.The BourbonWarehouse Co.Paris, Ky.s?? v.. -HtJi w ;vANNOUNCE THEIRS1 ciFORinKentuckyseason.ffees of any housei - , tDo You Know We Handlethe CelebratedDetroit JewellQas Stoves & RangesCome and 'See." Our. Prices Are Right. :,Plumbing and ElectricalContractors.Estimates Freely Given.Try Us.:xtsSTELKS'BUILDING.E. T. Phone 103Home Phone101Thousands of people keep coughingbecause unable to get the right remedy. Coughs are caused by Inflammation of Throat and Bronchial Tubes.What you need is to soothe this Inflammation. Take Dr. 'King's NewDiscovery, it penetrates the delicatemucous lining, raises the Phlegm andquickly relieves the congested membranes. Get a 50c. bottle from yourdruggist. -"Dr. King's New Discoveryquickly and completely stopped mycough" writes J. R. Watts, Ploydale,Texas. Money back if not satisfied,but it nearly always helps.(Npv.) - r adv. .TRIP FARES TOtr ft- NEW ORLEANSFor Particulars Apply to AnyTicket Agent or AddressPass'? and Ticket Ageariiasfc Mzln Sr Le:dnrtcn-'KyiJ:i&ms-;z. - - - XASflM1TR1TIMPEOPLE!PHMGILGHRTk--)'- 1 7 .. ' "- -.Tr . vy-jr-JNO. T. COLLINS, .': " u , Mariajger.StH &Vf RStfiSk.i tMlY'.'i'j If,SS -t.! vrjV4iHLSalein amount of businessjinCentral1. - -f! ,Ken-ftWinter Touristvs RatesRound trip Winter Tourist Ticketson sale daily from Oct. 1st, 1914, toApril 30, 1915, to all principal touristpoints in Alabama, Florida, Georgia,Louisiana, Mississippi, New Mexico,Texas and Havana, Cuba, with finalreturn limit May 31, 1915, with veryIibeval stop-over privileges. Also lowround-trip Home-Seekers tickets topoints in Alabama, Florida, Louisianaand Mississippi, on sale first and thirdTuesdays of each month, with finalreturn limit vfteen days from date ofsale. For further information, call onor address,J. K. SMITH, T. A.,or-W. H. HARRIS, Agt.PARIS JNTERURBAN SCHEDULECITY CAR ONLY.LVe. Court HouseLve. Station 54' 7.15 a m8.00 a m8.30 a m9.00 a m9.30 a m10.00 a m10.30 a m11.00 a m11.30 a m11.50 a m12.15 p m- LOO p mi.30 p m2.00 p m2.30 p m3.00 p m-3.30 p m4.0fpmq i 5.00 pari4 f5.30!p?m5.50 p m6.15 p m6.40 p m7:10 a m7.45 a m8.15 a m8.45 am"9.15 a m9.45 a m10.15 a m :a.10.45 a mS11.15 a m11.45 a m12:05 p m12.45 p, m1.15 p nr-1.45 pm2J.15 p m2.45 p m3.15 pjn3.45 nm4kt 5135.15 pim f5.40 p m6.05 p m6.30 p mCity. Limits 'Only: -KENTUCKY TRACTION &t jNAL COMPANY.Interurbah Schedule.TERM-ueave LexingtonFor Paris6.00aim,7:20 a. m -8:00a in "8:50 am10:20 a m11:50 a m1:20 p. m2:50 Q. m3:30 p m4:20 -D mLee Parisfor Lexington' 6:45 a m7:30 a m8:15 a in9:00 a m9:45 a m11:15 a m- 12:45 p m2:15 p. m3:45 p m4:30 p m5:15 p m- 6:0o p m6:50 p m8rlo p'm "5:oo p m6:00, p m7:20 p m9:10p m11:00 p m10:05 p m:Daily except Sunday.x- - . I&J&jM,f t r3a ST"ALWAYS POSSIBILITY' OF -ONE'SWORDS BEING OVERHEARD'.Widespread Eavesdropping Has Be-come a Common Thing Are AlsoBeing Used to Save Timein Commercial Houses.Wherever you go nowadays there'svery likely to be a dictograph listening to every word you say and transmitting the sound of your voice tosomebody whose ears perhaps youdon't care at all about having yourconversation reach. In New York cityit is said 50 dictographs are purchasedevery week by jealous husbands' andwives, but the number of 'thse devices used for such doubtful domesticpurposes is 4smalt compared with those1 which are being installed lor, commercial purposes iil offices; stores and'factories. m .. f. - 'Tfie iiseof tlie dict6grapli to secureevidence in a number of sensationalcriminal Bases' has' maSe th!e publicquite, famjiiar withcr,the methodsbywhich ,lt malcef widespread eavesdropping possible. The transmitteris a little disk so mail tfiaf:, only acareful search Will reveal it: when putiii place behind a .-picture dv som-"where else on the wall. This transmitter is so sensitive that it wiji carryevery sound uttered in a room for longdistances. Carefully concealed wiresconnect it with the receiving end oftho apparatus, which' is often disguised as a paper weight or hiddenaway ina desk".The work of paying tellers in manyiarfe banks is greatly simplified bythe use of the dictograph. Wlien & depositor calls to withdraw a largeamount the teller niay not be surethat the account shows a sufficientbalance 16 coyer the withdrawal, buthe doej not like to offend by statinghis doubts.So the teller presses a button to signal a bookkeeper to put his ear to theother end of tbe dictograph systeni,v;hose transmitter is concealed in theteller's counter. Then the teller picks,up the check and reniarks casuallybut distinctly enough-for the dictagraph to carry his words:' "Two thoiisanddoilafs. How will you have it,Mr. Blank?51N This Question is the slenal for thebookkeeper to turn to the ledger -andsec if Mr. Blank's account is good for !2,000. If it is he quickly signals theteller by ringing a buzzer once; if it is"not, he gives two rings.In large safety deposit concernsmuch tiresome running back and forthis saved by having the clerks in Uiovaults and the bookkeepers in theoffices work w'ith dictograph' receiversfastened to thejr ears and transmitterson their chests. . The wires connectingthem run down their trousers legs Sndtrail along the floor.; Claim agents of many corporationsfind the dictograph of service in deMeeting fraudulent claims for dahiages.Each claimant his his witnesses(are made to wait for a few minutes inla very completely ''dictographed"room. If the claim is fraudulent they"are likely to take this opportunity torehearse their stories and agree onthe testimony they are going to give.lBut their every wbisper is heard andtaken down by a stenographer in aninner office, and the best laid plans areoften thus exposed by the conspiratorsthemselves. iSuggests Scotch Dish.An enthusiastic who would ' lowerthe cost of living suggests that Americans eat the Scotch dish called haggis. This philanthropist tells how itis made. First, get the stomach of asheep, he says, and turn it inside out,wash it and soak it in salt water.Then take the liver, lights and heartof the same sheep, boil them till theyare cooked all the way through, afterwhich mush them up, mix withchopped onions and powdered oatmeal cakes, and season with pepperand salt. Take this mess and put it inthe prepared sheep's stomach and pourin a cup of gravy. Sew up the mouthof the stomach and punch little holesaround in it and boil it for four hoursand a half. After which it is eaten."It was a brave man who ate the firstoyster," said someone, but the American who will eat this thing called haggis will be entitled to one of thekaiser's iron crosses. New York Letter to the Pittsburgh Dispatch.Poincare is Head of the Army.; When M.- Poincare visits the Frenchtroops in the fighting line he doesnothing in the" way of directing theirmovements. He is, however, entitledto do so, if he cared to exercise thepowers conferred on him. One bf 'thearticles of a law passed in 1875 enactsthat the president shall rank . as responsible head ("chef agissant de sa.V.n X 4.1. . - .r ...pciauuuo ) m me army ana me diplomatic service, and, further, that in timeof war. he may, if he so pleases, takesupreme command of the troops in action. This clause was inserted in theconstitution on the express demand ofMarshal MacMahon, and has neverbeen modified in any way. -4 jV4,4 Temperance Conundrum.i "I can't understand finance,thing puzzles me extremely.."One- "What's that?""If they put so much water in thestocks, how can money get tight?", Too Much Love.i "Darling, I think of you every moment in 4h& day.': "Lawsakes, Tom, give some-atten-? . ij- nqa,to your w.ork or youlbget jared;"tT8 l t Z5'- . ? T- (28tt) r tMRS.M.Ju'PATQN, I Both. PhoflM 583. , . . J-SMHhiSsrSWJ .-Y rJL? '"r. : '- " j - - -;-..r"IsfSeK"'"- , .-. ' T -.r i v-- t-jf. Ps -- .- ' --k.-t' .'- '. -v . Z&Iw.csr- is. -4.S-'-; r;n I- cpf.i'11.4 $,il.ri)-lTt -.! "-tH , V LF W1 INSTALLED BYBams HomeTelegraph20f0-2 Ardery, Ben B., residence.37 Blount, Mrs. A. R., residence.160 Bourbon Tobacco Warehouse.306 Burgin, Mrs. E. C., residence.2Q2 Busy Bee Cash Store.390 Carr, Robert R., residence.366 Cay wood,Miss Jane, residence.,-178 Chandler, Taylor, residence.855 Collier, Peale, residence.5 Eagles Club Room.2003-4 Edwards, O., Shackelford Bldg.257 Elliott, James, residence.197 Ellison, H., residence. '.35 Ewalt, Sam., residence.287 Freidman, B., store. '408 Gilchrist, J, E. , residence.323Hdrine, H. N., residence.480 Hughes, W. R., residence.500 Lancaster, U. F., residence.278 Lykens, G. W. . residence.402 Mast, E. L., residence.453 Merrimee, Mrs. W. T., residence.343 Meyers, E. B., residence.CbeTParis Rome telepbone and Cekgrapb ec;:, ku- ' (Incorporated) i-J. J. VEATCH, District Manager. CHAS. B. HARRIS, Cashier, uaJiall JuturAREComplete-KIRSCHBAUM GUARANTEEDCLOTHEShlH '$15.00 and $20.00Other Values $10Shoes $2.50 to $5,00. Full Line ofBoys' Clothing. Give Us a Call :Tvio.Clothing and Shoe Department.L. WOLLSTEIIN,2Prop.2 Vfj N'013 .COPYKtOMTMKINDLY- VTwin Bios. Depailwuf Sioie.:x; Seventy and Main Sts., Paris, KyIHandsome1 Resdence For Sale.i-My residence on-,Mt. Airy is forsale. One of the most modern h rimesrnnSS"ie?c??L- iL . o . .1 v r. ik A. I ii.'irLiri r ..0T.ntvL . -Telephone &CompanyVO i .i469 Mdnson. CharTes, store. lV"121 Moore & Nutter, office. C 'j fuLt2049-2 Neal, L. C, residence. ' '330-1 Parks, Ira & Son. earae-e.66j-z rarics, ira & son, residence1. '153 Reese, R., residence.266Sauer, Wm., residence. c69 Simms, Mrs. W. E., residence I199 Walsh, R. P., residence.96 Wilmoth, Mrs. S. M., lesidencei,369-1 Wilkerson, Dr. W. C, office.394 Woodall, H. N., residence. . j2013 Wright, Clarence J. , residence.477 Wright, Mrs. Oynthia, residences ""18 Y. M. C. A., office. HM1LLERSBURG EXCHANGE. '24 Arderv, W. E., residence. -2136-3 Hill," A. T. , residence. .62 Jones, Charles, residence. -NORTH MIDDLETOWN EXCHANGE15 Judy, B. F., store. -'16 McDaniel, John C, residence.4 Rash, Bert, residence.mesNOWrjif'. ri.'..'00 and $12.50.'rlfFall1 tAnnouncementAll the Latest' ,.!iP-Fall StylesDress 6odds,Dry Goods,u millinery, tcWe Can Please YoiBargain Prices.CALL ATExpert CarriageBrosMr. Percy Hahn, the expert Cr-riage Painter, who has been employ-. Ued by Holiday & Sttle, and also theirlrsuccessor, Mr. C. M. Heckr for thvpast 8 yers, has opened a shop at th .corner of Fouth and High Streetsaiitsolicits the patronage of thosa nwAeS-,:,mi-c-fc-?M'jf.'i ii--fWE ! M!, - -". ","'"IfStf- iTL iT- , .r,i.5K,r"2S ... i . " . m. ' -- -r . - " r i. ' i. V t- ZSST. . .. "-Si1 -"SaT, -ajjF ';" f!Jf jtpiB ' jv-ift.J!.3a9Qas93$SI933SI HMM -JJ- , . Jt , -I, - .rammMm:: m, mmnjgHil P In our newSjjB WW "Easy-Opening-Box."MJBE JB0 No trouble. No muss.fliv theF.F.Daueyco.,ltd.P Buffalo, N.Y. Hamilton, Ont.$uYtt?t""""""l"'l:ttWolf, Wile & Co.JJfiormcrli Jaufman,6t "5T i ti" - z3SPECIAL SALEixfKidFor this week only and before the Holidayrush begins we have gone through our entireBtock of Ladies' Kid Gloves and have found something like 250 flairs, of which we have no complete line of sizes. These Gloves are on saleTHIS WEEKat ;89c a PainThe sizes run from 5 lare whites, blacks, tansthem are French imported,kid gloves.At the price above mentioned, these glovescannot be fitted. Every pair is stamped insideshowing that they cannot be returned or exchanged. You will save several dollars now by lookingthese gloves over and buying them for Holidaygifts or your own use.WOLF, WILE & CO.FormerlyKaufman, Straus & Co.Lexington, Kentuckyi r r -.iTi.TiignTnTiiTnTiiTiT7ii7.iTnTiL'iTiiTtc.-Jt:CMaa&ga5; P WfteccefteitMHNOWIS THE TIMSlTo Buy Your Fallf 1- JoW " 1Feld's Shoe Store,S53On Main Street, Between Sixth and Seventh.M ()LOST.Large black fox skin muff, eitherit Main street, or Winchester puce,mder return to Bourbon News-'t reward.andLOST.On Monday, between the courtuse and N. A. Moore & Co.'s groT on Main street, a diamond setTi-a ring. Liberal reward if reraed to this office. (24-lt)For Sale.?onyt Saddle and. - Bfeakst - -forTX cart. Inamre at New' ooe.-ttvi-Straus dc Cot-! .y-"" '" fVi- 4to 7 1-2; theand greys, andcolorsall i oftwo-clasplamb andGlovesi'itfrtH,C'frC,lM,i,frfrfrfrfrH"K &&&&&iand Winter Shoes.ix2The only thing youwant to know is the shoestore that sells the moststylish and most reliableshoes shoes that -lookgood and are good andgive you satisfaction inevery respect. This shoestore isFOR SALEHandsome Antique, Solid Mahogany Wardrobe, claw feet. Photo ofsame will be furnished on application.AddressTHE BOURBON NEWS,(tf) Paris, Ky.LOST.Lost, between Williams street andthe interurban line at Seventh street,a ladies' gold watch, monogram, "L.B. H." on outside of case. Fender return n to this toffice and receive reward. ' ' - '(24-lt);""It mustbet6ugh to "be a femalestenberaphar and htv to 'supmit totocr wtws. k&k 'e(xrM6yitmkL,Billie Burke at Lexington.Miss Billie Burke with a splendidsupporting company that includesShelly Hull, Oliver Oliver, DorothyDorr and Thomas Reynolds, all players of talent and experience comes tothe Ben All Theatre, Lexington, Wednesday, December 2, matinee andnight, to present her greatest comedysuccess "Jerry." This is the piece inwhich Miss Burke won a triumph atthe Lyceum Theatre, New York, lastspring, a triumph that has been confirmed in many cities this season.She impersonates a particularly adorable and mischevious young Chicagogirl who plays pranks on her seriousmonded Philadelphia relatives, wearspink pajamas and wins a husband allin the course of three acts, chuck fuljof amusing situations and witty dialog. The role it is said shows thecharming actress at her most, delightful best. Mr. Charles Frohman hasprovided a magnificent , scenic production for this play.The sale of seats will open MondayNov. 30. All orders for seats sent tothe Ben AH Theatre if accompaniedby a remittance and a self addressedenvelope will receive prompt attention. Prices are fifty cents to twodollars. - 27-2tLIVESTOCKEXPOSITIONIS DECLARED OFF.The News is in receipt of the following from Mr. B. H. Heide,Secretary of the International Livestock Exposition, at Chicago:"It is with extreme regret that Ihave to announce that the International Live Stock Exposition for1914 has been declared off by reasonof the appearance of the dreaded"foot and mouth" disease m the Eastand middle Western country."The Federal Government has takenthe most careful and energetic action to confine the dieease in the region of its appearance, and it hasbeen deemed unwise to bring togetherthe enormous crowds that flock tothe "International.""As you are well Aware the UnionStock Yards has been closed downfor a period of ten days, the firsttime in fifty years that not a hoofhas been in the yards. Under Federal inspection, it was thoroughlycleaned and disinfected and all stockis now being unloaded in daylight under Federal inspection, in order toI prevent any possibility or any miec-tion."All interests here at the yards areco-operating most energetically hisupporting the Government and Statesin the elimination of this dreadedscourge of Europe. Every one shouldheartily co-operate in this endeavor tostamp out, in no uncertain manner,this awful diesase and not permit itto jeopardize the value of their herdsand flocks."Yours very truly,"R. H. HEIDLE, Secretary."PREVENTION OF COMMUNICABLEDISEASES AMONG LIVE STOCK.Following is the law in brief, recently enacted by the General Assembly in this State for the prevention ofcommunicable diseases among livestock. It is especially apropos at thistime and these provisions are published because few live .stock breedersand dealers are familiar with it.con i tiip dntv of the owners oflive stock to report any communicable disease to the County Live Stockinspector. (Dr. Hamilton in BourbonLive Stock Inspector.)Sec. 3. Duty of Live Stock Inspector to inquire into any communicabledisease, and immediately establish atemporary quarantine to prevent thespread of disease, and report suchaction to the State Live Stock Sanitary Board. . .Sec. 4. Any person who has in hispossession any animal affected withdisease and allows such animal to runat large where domestic animals notpreviouslv exposed can come into contact with the affected animal, or whoshall ship, drive or sell an animalaffected or move any animal againstthe direction of the Stock Inspectorand Sanitary Board, shall be guilty ofa midsmeanor and fined not less than$25 or more than 100 for each diseased animal exposed or sold.Sec. 6 Makes it a fine of ?10 to50 to evade the quarantine of thety Live Stock Inspector of the existtions. , ,Sec. 7. Any person who shall neglect or refuse to notify the said County Yive Stock Inspector of the existance of any commulucable diseaseshall be deemed guilty of a misdemeanor and fined not less than 5 ormore man jjo.Sec. 9.- Any person who knowinglybrings stock into the State affectedwith any of the enumerated communicable disesases shall be fined from 25to 100.Especial attention to Section 7 making it a misdemeanor for failure toreport hog cholera, foot and mouthdisease or other communicable diseases. REMARKABLE, CUE OF CROUP.f"Last winter when my little boy hadcroup I got him a bottle of Chamberlain's Cough Remedy. I honestly believe it saved his life," writes Mrs. J.B. I Cook, Indiana, Pa. "It cut thephlegm and relieved his coughingspells. I arn most grateful for whatthis remedylias done for him." Forsale by all dealers.(Nov.) adv.Found at Last,The Electric Dry Cleaning Co. isthe i place to have your clothes cleaned and pressed. Old suits and overcoats made to look like new. A trialwill prove this to you. Ladies' silkand1 fancy dresses a specialty. Allwork called for and delivered by wagon, v Alteration and repair work of allkinds neatly done L ,. ELECTRIC DRY CLEANING CO.,M. A. vCahal jk C. C. - Applegate, ,--' 627 "Main Street? ParisfKy.I Both Phones, Cumberland 881; -Home 418. - . (13-lcao) ,Setting ones second wind:ExplanationEveryj)f Action Familiar"Athlete Is a MostSimple One.toThe probable explanation of the"second wind" is as follows: In thedeep breathing of an athletic persontaking moderate exercise at sea level,lack of oxygen plays no part. The effect is wholly due to an increased production of carbonic acid ' stimulatingthe respiratory center, which respondsproportionally. On very violent exertion at sea level, however, and oneven moderate exertion at a great altitude, the oxygen supply to the tissues' of the body is temporarily insufficient. Substances other than carbonic acid,such as lactic acid, are produced, and,when these substances reach the respiratory centers by the way of theblood they excite it to such activitythat one overbieathes That is, theviolent panting ventilates the carbonic acid out of the blood more rapidlythan the body is producing it. Thesubstances which thus overestimatethe respiratory center are not volatile and cannot be given off by wayof the lungs, but they appear to berather rapidly oxydized in the blood.When the carbonic acid has beenconsiderably diminished a part of thestimulus to the respiiatory center isremoved so that one can breathe moremoderately that is, one gets his "second Tind." When the exertion stops,the production of the stimulating substances ceases, and the quantity o!carbonic acid in the blood having beenreduced below the amount necessaryto stimulate the respiratory center,one falls into a period of apnoea followed by Chcyne-Stokes breathing,like an engine with a sensitive governor and no flywheel. Bieathirgoxygen under these conditions hastensthe combustion of the acid substanceswhich have accumulated in the blood.Yale Review.Brave Old Admiral Hawke.The British cruiser ITawke, blownup in the Ncrlu sea by a German submarine, was named after one of England's most daiing admirals, BaronEdward IIal" Not only was he asturdy flUer. but without a superioras a annn. His gfcit achievementas th"1 u-iUction of the Frenchfleet c Do Ccn&Lans, near Quiberon,on November 2i, 1750. Hawke sighted the enemy off the Morbihari. DeCdiistans, -after clearing the decks foraction, decided to fight another dayand id fun for the Quiberon anchorage. As a storm was rising and thecoast one of the most dangerous inthe orld, he assumed that the English admifal would not follow him,but Hawke pressed on sail andopened fire as darkness was falling.He had 2i ships to the enemy's 20.The engagement was won after dark,Hawke losing only two ships. Theold admiral would turn in his grave"it he knew that a vessel named afterhim was sunk on blockade, for it wasa kind of duty in which he had nopeer in his time, keeping the sea Idwinter gales and never losing a ship.New York Sun.Usual Causes of Indigestion.Dr. Henry P. De Forest, medical examiner to the New York civil servicecommission, says that irregular andtoo short hours for meals are a common cause for indigestion; and headmits that the physicians themselvesare about the worst violators of thelaw against irregular meal hours.He also says that too great & consumption of prepared foods does awaywith the use cf the teeth andr therefore, the food passes to the stomachwithout rroper mastication and thateven the stomach itself does not haveenough to do hen insufficient solidfood passes through it. Improperfood, modes of dress, sedentary indoor life, too little water and toomuch iced water taken With meals,excess of stimulants and too muchhot bread, are among other causes forchronic catarrh of the stomach and' constipation mentioned by Dr. De Forest.Sweden and Norway.One' hundred years ago, followingthe brief war between the two countries comprising the Scandinavianpeninsula, the Norwegian parliamentvoted to accept the supremacy ofSweden, and elected the king of Sweden for king of Norway. The Scandinavian union, as finally agreed on,made the person of the king and hismanagement of the foreign affairs ofthe country the only common bond.Each country retained Its own constitution, parliament and cabinet. Thisagreement . continued in force fornearly a hundred years, until 1905.,when the desire of the Nnrwpo-innpeople for complete independence ledto a peaceful dissolution of the unionand the election of Pj-ince Charles 'ofDenmark to the Norwegian throne under the title of King Haakon Yll.Streets Can Be Paved With Glass.A new use forrthe glass, dust thatcollects in glass works has recentlybeen discovered in Berlin. The ,dus"tis gathered up and placed in a' furnace, where it is reduced to molten"lava. ' The lava is then molded into-glass bricks which are as hard, asgranite and eminently adapted forpaving. - jThe World Burden.It has been estimated that the warwill destroy one-fourth of the world'swealth. That loss will reach to theutmost confines of the earth.-and allwill feel its effect farmer, merchantQll1 TV-!..... a" ...-". - - '""-" suuxacn;irery UKe. Jtanuiacrarer s Record. - -r j?fO&n mSSrffa.?tWALTER 'MARTlftINEW LIVERYNew Carnages. Buggies, RunaboutsEtc. Special Attention" Given toWeddings, Funerals, Parties,Dances, Etc. . M ,Horses Boarded ByHauling of Every Description Done.ness a Specialty.Our stables on Eighth Street will continue under themanagement of Mr. Walter Martin' and the Main Streeplace will be run by Mr. Ernest Martin.MARTIN BROS.Stables-Eigth St., Main St5eIt Is Time ForHEATINGSTOVESWe Have Every Kind of Heating and CookiiStove Made! 7THE RADIANT HOMEthe world.sItm9THE CELEBRATED WILSON GASHEATER.THEO. K. LINE OE COOKING STOVES.They have no equal.In fact everything from the smallest totne largest, seeourPrices.Lowry &(7Lbs. GranulatedSugar(With a 2.002 1-2 pound can Tomatoes,solid packed gc2 1-2 pound can Sweet Potatoes, " JgcSugar Leaf Can Peas, 20c value -..; icSugar Leaf Can Peas, 20c value i4cCardinal Brand Peas, 12 l-2c value .. . i0cBaby Bunton Corn, per can ;. ...ILscElephant Corn, per can A . .. . . . ... ir.Sc,Pie Peaches, per can '. $' l-3cHunt's Peaches, per can '...'.... 23aLemon Cling or Sliced Golden State Can Peaches, 20c vai.'.W'lSe"2 1-2 lb. can Hawaiian Pine Apple., f MqMacaroni, 10c package '.". 'J8cGolden Medal Oats, package. . . .r ! ! ItScCutono Oats', package ...'. CjfcMother's or Quaker Oats . . . r ".. 9c16 oz. package Seeded Raisins . ' r.12 l-2c12 oz. package Seeded Raisins ..'.r,.. ..". ."f ,9c16 oz. package Currants : ..vs.. ..r ..'. 12 l-2cMince Meat, 3 packages "T . . ". 25c2 large Mackerel s.lSe3-tie Brooms, extra good : 20a4-tie Brooms, extra good 30c4-tie Brooms, 50c value . . . ." i0cHarrison's Buck Wheat Flour, package ." J.0cDon't think because our terms are cash, you have to cometo the store. We have both phones and -the delivery boy car- -rieschange with him, so you may pay at home as well as store.Watch-our space every week and see what you can save; bypaying cash.8T. C. LEINIHANCCash Grocer. Both Phones 23?Modern Home For Sale.We have for sale a seven-room, twostory residence, located in first classneighborhood. House has bath room,two halls, three porches, gas for heat,light and cooking, sewer, cellar, smallstable, poultry house and coal house.This house is nicely arranged for twofamilies if desired. Possession willbe given on j)r before March. 1, J.01&See us about this place at once thekpjriojB 'is Tight.; Cash orterms to? suit.Apply -to . Mi -. , HARRIS-, it ,SPEAKBS, AgiK;-ijwji'mnDay,TransferBoth PhonesfYou to Think wbest heater inIme and getourTalbottfWMWS1.00Purchase.)For Sale.Complete outfit of carpenter tand blacksmith tools and all nery things to operate a shop, belo;to Mrs. Mary Small. Inquire atJOHN AYERS' ,Barber Shop.Tough--Spider Wbr-Some ofvthe spiders oL-Mrm;wehi o stroke that aqirtil cutmmmmBmmmmmmmmr' ZSMt1 '3i" "" smERNEST MAJttfiB rWeek or loiflf-t!Bust SW-; 1AAA? W"1 - "wi-.. jSbr-- .BKJU fmmi rtrr 'iva - , -ST" -V ?-VJ:. .TV" TT"y w 'ST w "H,-a -""- " -.it -ZJ - "JPT-!&hs?:,&.-ar-zZS. '5- -. ., . -" -$,i&v.'dictation,, all day. vHlfrsoj-Jt-ptf) V " . ".'- -ParkKy.J-,rv5""T "THE BOURBON: NEWS, PARiSrKY.rNOyEMBERr.27 .1914. JCUU- II. .. g"This is a very fine Steel CutCoffee, with an attractiveteaspoon in each package.For sale by all grocers at20 cents per ponnd.is roasted and packed fresh whilehot under the most improved scientific method. It i guaranteedto you as the very best coffee onthe market today. For sale byall first class grocers at 30c a lb.i -NEWS OF IILLEH!-Mrs. Thos. McCIintock remainsauite ill. Mrs. E. D. Baldwin is amongiiie sick.Mr. J. Clarke Leer left SundayJot a short visit to Mr. Richard Judy,: Middleshoro.Mrs. W. G. iailey spent thelianksgiving holidays with her parouts, Elder and Mrs. Alex Sanders,in Cincinnati.Keep Warm Go to the Millershurg Coal & Lumber Co. for highrade coal. (27-lt)HONOR ROLL OF THEPARIS PUBLIC SCHOOLS.Clara Hartley, 90; Christine McCord,90; Albert Stewart, 92; Dorothy Tingle, 91.The following is the honor roll ofj GRADE VII-Bthe City Schools of Paris for the j Minnie Galloway, 92, 'Hattie Neal,month of October:GRADE I-A.Everettt Hall, 90; Evelyn Allen, 90.GRADE II-A.Rebecca Collier, 90; Josephine-Laps-ley,90; Anne C. Talbott, 90.GRADE I-C. Samuel Margolen, 91; Frank Boaz,90;Dr. J. T. Richardson, of Virginia,delivered an interesting chalk talk(ecture at M. E. Chucrch, Tuesday-evening on State-wide and Nationvnde prohibition. He was greeted bya good audience and was thoroughlyconversant with the subject. He is aj. ood cartoonist and much of his workwes illustrated, the whole aboundingiiumor.DATE OF McWILLIAMS' OPENINGW-e will reopen our store December" th an entire new stok of shoes.m It) GEORGE McWILLIAMS.W. LA RUE THOMAS DEAD.90.GRADE VII-I-ALucile Hall, 92; Thelma Squires, 93;Madge Taylor, 94.GRADE VIII-BLucile Godman, 94; Stanley Rule,90; William Mclntire, A. J. Duncan,90: Virginia Dundon, 92; JennieThelma King, 90. 1 James, 92; Ruth Hamilton, 92; IreneGRADE II-A j Alexander, 91; Elmeta Hinton, 91;Pansey Burns, 91; Homer Butley, ! HIGH SCHOOL FRESHMAN.91; George Ewalt, 91; Clarence Mul- j Luther Bishop, 91; Elizabeth Hudlens, 91; Frances Clark, 90; Eleanor ! nail, 97; Robert Lavin, 98; EdnaSwango, 90; Ethel Woodard, 93; Ed-snapp, 90; Eleanor Lytle, 99; Ed-THEATRICALTH "PRlDENT MAN'-.V. La Rue Thomas, a nativeKentucky, and one of the most prominent Masons in the United States,k.3 in Tucson, Arizona, Wednesday.LSt. Thomas was past grand master j Myers, 93; Edna Eurnett,r the urana .Lodge oi ivcnuicKy, pastgar Hill, 92GRADE 11-BEleanor Plummer, 54; Ruth Lovell, 90.GRADE III-ACarolyn Wilmoth, 94; Mona Taylor,94; Loretta Pickett, 92; KatherineHendricks, 92; Martha M. Collier, 92;Isabel Talbott, 91; Edna E. Burns, 91;Sarah Myers, 92; Katherine Duncan,90; Emily Bratton, 90; Charles Dalton, 90; Mary Petree, 90.GRADE III-BJames Quinn, 90; Reuben Arnsparger, 90; Marion Gilkey, 90; Jessie Parker, Malcolm Waterfield, 91; JackJohnson, 90; Nellie Tingle, 95; Mar-'jorie Trisler, 93 ; Emelia Jefferson, i92; Irene Estes, 90; Emily Fithian, 90; IlEvalyn Tingle, 90.of 1 GRADE IV-A.Virginia Hancock, 95; Keller Larkin. 95: Mary Shive, 95; MargaretHill, 94; Ruth Wheeler, 93;ward Wagoner, 90SOPHOMORE.Jennings Taylor, 92; Albert Lavin,Fithian Rye, 91.JUNIORS.Alleen Ellett, 97; Hiram Adair, 95;Lillian Neal, 93; J. T. Redmon, 91;Evelyn Friedman, 91; Sallie Squires,90.SENIOR.Frank Wilcox, 95; Lina Crowe, 92;Mabel Estes, 91; Grace McCord, 91;Ellen Henry, 90; Gertrude Slicer, 90;Finriell Estes, 90.WINTERS' AUCTION TO-DAY.Don't fail to. attend the auction saleto-day at Winfers'. Every article ofjewelry in this high-class store, dia-' monds excepted, is being sold to the1 highest bidder. Two sales daily atHazel '2:30 p. m. and 7:30 p. m.giand high priest of the Grand Chapve of Kentucky, past eminent comroinder of the Grand Commandery ofKentucky and past grand master ofUio Knights Templar of the UnitedStates. Although he had not been aresident of Kentucky for a number ofyears, he was a regular attendant atthe anuaal meetings of the KentuckyGrand Lodge and Grand Chapter andtook a keen interest in the MasonicHome.Mr. Thomas was reared in Danville.He was a graduate of Center College.Until two years ago he had made hisbc-me in Pittsburg, where he was president of a life insurance company,leaving Pittsburg to make his home in iArizona and retiring fron business.The body will be brought to DanvilleSot burial. Funeral services will beunder Masonic auspices. He is survived by his wifeV Mrs. Mary W.Tnomas; four sisters, Mrs. A. C.Hodgen and Mrs. S. "V. Leedom, ofxtassellville, Ky., and Mrs. J. J. Norton and Mrs. J. A. Coons, of Louissilie, and a brother, W. B. Thomas, ofDanville.HOUSEKEEPERS.tet the New Process Gas Heatersua Range the kind that saves yousnciiQy and work!A. F. WHEELER & CO.92; Annette Arkle, 91; Crutcher Chism, 91;Willie Corbin, 90.GRADE 1V-BMary F. Burns, 91; Hamlet Collier,90; Zoma Meade, 90; Russell Mullins,91; Thelma Payne, 90; Paul Thompson, 90.GRADE V-A.Renyolds Buckler, 94; Jack Lair,94; Frances McCarthy, 93; RebeccaShive, 92; Devors Chism, 90; EdwardMyers, 90.GRADE V-B.Ethel Myers, 90; Mary L. Collier,93; Roy Burley, 90; Charles Padgett, 92.GRADE VI-A.Sidney Linville, 92; Nancy Wilson, I98; Geraldine Herrin, 95; SamuelPope, 91; Thomas Hendricks, 93;Julius Herrick, 95; Jas." Arnsparger,90; Mary Ellis, 90; Eugene Moore, 93;Edith Culberson, 90; Alma LouiseGoldstein, 95; Nancy Davis, 92; DoraWagoner, 94; Rankin Mastin, 94; Collins Hall, 9Q; Mattie Pendleton, 93.. GRADE VI-B.Viola Acknian, 90 ; Mildred Brannon,93; Charles Dickerson, 90; MargaretEwalt, 90; Katie Howard, -91; JohnHames, 90; Ella Louise Keal, 90;Virginia Thompson, 93; Lillian Towler, 91; Verna Turpin, 91; ElizabethWheeler, 94.GRADE VII-ALutie Crowe, 90; Omer Lentori, 91;DIES FROM INJURIES.After lingering in great agony fortwo weeks at the Good SamaritanHospital, in Lexington, Delia Cunningham, colored, who was badly burned by her clothing catching fire froman open grate, died as the result ofher injuries. She was hurried to thehospital in an ambulance, where her iinjuries were given immediate attention, but she was so horribly burnedthat medical science could not saveher. The remains were brought hereand interred at her old home nearLittle Rock.Columbia Theatre, November 30."The Trey O' Hearts, Third Installment "Sea Venture" Beginningat the conclusion of Part 2, "WhiteWater;" Alan and Rose make theirway by forest "trail to Black Beaver,a backwoods settlement, chiefly ageneral rural store, where they pickup guides and proceed by canoes toNortheast Carry f at the upper end ofMoosehead Lake. There they securea change from woods clothing to civliized garments, and take a steamerdown the lake to Klaeo Station.Judith, meantime, proceeds by forced marches to cut them off. She arrives at, Kineo shortly beforj they do.The train is crowded. Alan, withdifficulty, secures two parlor-car seats.Judith, in masculin's. costume, travelsunnoticed in a crowded accommodation coach. Alan telegraphs fromKineo for sleeping car reservations, astateroom for Rose, a lower for himself on the night express through toNew York. Judith finds this out.From Ibr on the story progresses tothe fourth installment.Two other reels will be shown,"The Dark Horse," (Imp.), featuringMary Pickard, and "The Proof of aMan," Victor drama, with J. WarrenKerrigan.MLLE. ANNA PAVLOWA.Dancing is considered the finestform of exercise extant by Mile. AnnaPavlowa, the great Russian artist whowill appear at the Een Ali, Theatre,J Lexington, matinee and night, on Wednesday, uecemoer v. raviowa saysdancing combines pleasure and workin such a way that the hardships areforgotten."Dancing is exceiient for womenand men no matter what age," saidMile. Pavlowa recently in an interview. "When you dance you combineamusement and exercise. In a word,you exercise to rythmic motion andobviate all of the 'tired feeling' whichmost people complain of when theyexercise."(adv)BANKS NSMONEYMULES FROM KENTUCKY.Newton Rankin, a Nicholas countystockman, stated Wednesday that hehad just completed the shipment of1,284 mules sucklings, yearlings andtwo-year-old to Pennsylvania andMaryland, for which he paid the farmers of Kentucky more than $80,000."Business is on the mend in theEast, and the country in a very shorttime will enter into an era of unprecedented prosperity," he said. "Thesituation in the South, however, isdistressing. The cotton farmers areselling their mules for export toEurope for war purposes at pricesrepresenting less tlntn-half their valuein order to get money to tide themover."START MOVE TO HAVEQUARANTINE MODIFIED.vSSBfelllliiWjiMmWmM yr.wI'm0QPOCffT BOOKS"iR Bank is a Safe Place for irMoney carried in the pocket slips away easily. Pu!;yours in our BANK ; it won't be so hard to refuse a loan tc"friends" who will never pay you back. Nor will you foolishly SPEND your money when it is safe in our bank.Vv7e refer those who have not banked with us to thosowho HAVE. Our vaults and locks are strong. The goodnames of men of high GHARAGTER and known RESPONSIBILITY are also behind our bank.Make OUR bank YOUR bankWe pay 3 per cent.Jnterest on Savings.DEPOSIT AND PEOPLESCAPITAL $150,000.00SURPLUS 20,000.00STOCKHOLDERS7 LIABILITY.... 150,000.00Protection to Depositors $330,000.)S. E. BEDFORD, President. C. K. THOMAS, CashierA movement was inaugurated inLexington, Wednesday, by Dr. Joe H.Kastle, director of the Kentucky Experiment Station, backed up by members of the Kentucky Livestock Sanitary Board, to permit shipment of thefat cattle of Central Kentucky nowready l'or market in the United States ,Government sealed cars for immediate Jslaughter at the big livestock markets Tue Rev- Irl R- Hicks Almanac, now jof Ilia country. Dr. -lastle said there ready, grows more popular and usewere 9230,000 worth of fat cattle now J till with each passing year. It is a fix-1reauy lor me mancet in. unanected , u ueuesiij m me nuiues, sii-jys unu idLstiicts and. in his omnion. no risk commercial establishments all overIRL R. HICKS 1915 ALMANAC.op ininiicnLLiulUUu,would be incurred in letting them go- ?t, f? nrtr Camlcii signifiedhis intention to co-operate with Senator James in urging that the quarantine be modified to that extent.fmmmmam mammas mimmv im& &mamm ms&mstimgismwtTo-morrow. SatuircLsuy , 12 i AILlLi n)Is The Day To Buy YourAND WINTER f Om fkAEF A mmvWH H .-:-7 St TC IW9i lnanKsgivmg services were neiu1. T.. 1,1 T,... t.Tliia fornnnc .ml vol."11 " Cltcl o-.iiuui nuuiu, uu. iuethis continent.uable year book on astronomy, storms,weather and earthquakes should be inevery home and office. Prof. Hickscompletes this best issue of his greatAlmanac at the close of his seventiethyear. This Almanac will be mailedfor 35 cents. The Rev. Irl R. Hicks'fine Magazine, Word and Works, issent one year, with a copy of his Almanac, for one dollar. Send for them toWord and Works Publishing Com-1pany, d401 Franklin Ave., St. Louis, iMo. You will never regret your investment. Try it for 1915. 27-lt! Jackstown pike, last night, ato'clock. Dr. O. R. Mangum, of! Paris Baptist Church, deliveredsermon.7:15thotheHOW TO SAVE MONEY.Buy a New Process Gas Heaterand Range, fromA. P. WHEELER & CO.OLIN IS NO PIKER.hoes and Rubbers of Every Description!Another evidence why we outsell all' others. Comehere Saturday and convince yourself why we areknown throughout the State as the Economic ShoeCenter. Quality, Style and Economy combined alwaysat our great value-giving store. Compare quality, stylesad you will be astonished at theBig Savings Permitted HereSOVERAsserting that if he had succeededin passing 1,000,000 forged checks at$7 per check, he would not be even,unn jonnson, mty years old, of Louisville, confessed at Frankfort, Wednesday, that he had been working offhis worthless paper at Lexington,Paris and other places in this sectionof the State. He was held to thegrand jury. None of" his shady transactions have come to light here, as.yet.VtcAs m ri fs lildaiMHaRtMCnsMLadies9 and Gentlemen's Footwear of the Famous WalkOver IVlake in All Grades.Ladies Pat. Colt Vamp, Louis Heel,Cloth Top, of various colors, latest creations $5.00 value, special. .Ladies' Pat. Colt or Gun Metal, Clothor Mat Top, medium and low heel,bench made, $3.50 values, specialLadies' Pat. Leather and Gun Metal,low and medum heel, button andlace, good quality. $3.50 values,specialEadies' Gun Metal, button and lace,speciali3Men's Platinum Calf, English last,Walk-Over and Beacon make, alsoPtuss. Tan, button and lace, bestqualityMen's Gun Metal and Tan, buttonand lace, best makes. $4.00 value,special . . ., 'Meen's Gun Metal, button and lace,good wearing shoes, $2.50 values,special '501.99Men's Heavy and Medium Weight Shoes, with the AntiLeak Welt, at Special Low Prices.Too many women struggleunder pains and aches.They are not sick but weak,nervous, irritable.Such Ytromen need that bloodstrength that comes by takingSCOTTS EMULSION. It alsostrengthens the nerves, aids the appetite and checks the decline.If wife or mother tire easilyor look ran down, SCOTT'SEMULSION will build her up.SHUN SUBSTITUTES.14-i3Ihlyt ILMJlLaLISSZJA$5The Largest Assortment of Boys', Misses' and Children's Shoes at TheLowest Prices.I LIFE INSURANCE CO.Strongest Company.lowest Net Hate.VCC"WliereIShoe StoreBeauty &,jol. ESooj3.0120.3r ReignGASHEATERS!PRICES$4.00 TO $25.00INSTALLED.Satisfaction Guaranteed.Paris 6a$ $ electric go.(Incorporated.)lete Alexander IAGENTA?I ALSO SOLICITVI Fire, Windi and Automobile1I InsurancetI and will greatly aopreciateI your consideration.MISS KATE ALEXANDER.sr- -w.r:-,WWI t II 111 1H in j ,!?,-tft!4r T',. -yv.v"-t