JHv?c--v- fc -7 vV-M 'a,;t V ;-VTHEPUBLISHED EVPRY' TUESDAY AND FRIDAY IN THE YEARVOLUME;XXXIIPARIS, KENTUCKY, TUESDAY, OCTOBER 20, 1914.'B -fc H B B FTB AvBm Himw :? m '4m MMm - -rs- w : K - nDUUKDUn3 ' t- - - - "YOUNG TELEPHONE OPERATOR BEATEN BY NEGRO.Bruised and bleeding profusely fromuts on the face and from numerousscalp wounds inflicted by an unknownNUMEROUS SUITS FILEDAGAINST ALEXANDER BANK.In the office of Circuit Court ClerkWilliam H. Webb, Friday and Saturday suits aggregating $48,000, as aassailant, Miss Pear Moore, a mem-1 result of the failur-e of the Georeeber or me operating lurce 01 me Cumberland Telephone Co's local office,staggered into the home of Mr. W. L.Smith, near Fourteenth street, aboutlialf-past eight o'clock Saturday night,and related the story of a brutal attack made upon her by an unknownman.Miss Moore, who had been on dutyat the Cumberland office until eighto'clock, upon being relieved by another operator, started for the homeof Mr. Smith, where she boards. Asshe neared the corner of Twelfth andZVIain she happened to look around andnoticed that she was being followed bya man who as well as she could determine seemed to be a negro. Shepa:d no particular attention to theman, having been passed on the waybv a number of pedestrians."When Miss Moore reached the gateol her home she noticed the man closet her. As she started to open thegate the fellow grasped her by thearis. She was holding an envelope,3 her hand and her assailant firsttook that away from her, and thenstruck her several heavy blows on thehead and face, inflicting severewounds. As well as she could afterward recall the circumstances MissMoore states that she screamed andccrtinued to struggle and the manthen threatened to kill her if she didnet desist. She continued to screamfor help, and the man gagged her bypressing a small sack of tobaccoagainst her mouth. The fellow struckher several times again, and hearingthe rapid approach of footsteps, madehis escape.Miss Moore, who was dazed andhalf-unconscious by the brutal treatment she received, was assisted to thehouse by Mr. Hoyt Dejarnett, whowas the first to come to her aid, andbe immediately set out in chase of theman, but he had escaped in the darkness. Miss Moore was hystericalfrom fright, and was bleeding from the-cuts about the scalp and face. She-vvas unable to give a minute description of her assailant, but thinks hewas a negro, and that, seeing the envelope in her hand he had come tothe conclusion that it was a pay envelope, and that his purpose was robbery. She was suffering greatly fromthe effects of a 'nervous shock, andcould at that time give no connectedversion of the affair. She was in thecare of a physician, and was reportedlast night as being somewhat improved. Following so closely upon the heelsol other attacks of a similar naturethe news of Miss Moore's brutal treatment soon spread rapidly and occasioned great excitement A largecrowd soon gathered at the Smithhome, when a determined search wasmade for the supposed negro, but tono avail.In response to a telephone call,Capt. V. C Mulliken, of Lexington,Avith his two bloodlvounds, came toParis, but the great crowd that -hadgathered at the Smith home hadtrampled the tracks of the girl andher assailant, so that the dogs couldnof work, and they were taken off.Later in the night posses of menun3er the direction of the police andthe sheriffs, made an all-night search,but a fruitless one, having but a slightclew to work upon. Miss Moore's assailant is now believed to have beenone of a numerous gang of desperatenegroes imported here by L. & N. construction men, and who have been living from hand to mouth as best theycould since the work has been finished Miss Moore is the daughter of Mr.James Moore, of Pittsburg, Ky., andhas been in the employ ot tne uumTHE HAM-RAMSEY MEETINGS.Alexander ' & Co. Bank in this citylast May, were filed against the banking nrm, State Banking Commissioner Thos. J. Smith and DeputyBanking Commissioner BucknerWoodford, and numerous others areexpected to be filed this week.Papers were prepared and filedyesterday by Attorney J. J. Williamsrepresenting the Alexander Bank, ina suit against the directors of theAlexander Bank for an amount sufficient to cover the entire shortagecaused by the alleged mismanagementof the bank of Mr. Alexander.Mr. James McClure, Cashier of theFirst National Bank, through his attorney, Judge Denis Dundon, filedsuit, acting as guardian for the minor children of Thos. B. Moore, Jr.,to recover the sum of $22,000.Mr. John R. Johnson, through hisattorney, Mr. E. M. Dickson, sues ona certificate of deposit for $1,000,issued to him by the bank on April 16,1913, and for $1,30.33, which hesays he had on deposit in the banksubject to check when the bank wastaken over by the State BankingCommissioner.Mr. E. B. Sparks, through his attorneys, Talbott & Whitley, claims inhis petition that he had on deposit inrthe Alexander Bank on January 1,1912, about $18,000, and that Alexander had agreed to pay him interest onat least $15,000 of that sum at therate of 6 per cent, if he would leaveit on deposit, which he agreed todo; that Alexander .afterward executed and delivered to him a note forthe above sum of $15,000, with sixper cent, interest one year after date,no part of which he alleges has beenpaid.The largest individual claim filedwas that of Mr. Jos. A. Wilson, theformer druggist, of Paris, who askesfor judgment in the sum of $22,000,which he claims was loaned to Geo.Alexander & Co. and which is evidenced by said bank's note, and onwhich claim payment has been refused by the State Banking Commissioner.Mrs. Rebecca Rudisill, in her suitfilpd Saturdav. alleces that by awriting dated March 1, 1912, whichGeorge Alexander signed and delivered to George Alexander & Co., bankers, said Alexander agreed and promised to pay to said Alexander & Co.,bankers, one year after date the sumof $9,000, with interest at 6 per cent.',and negotiable and payable at theoffice of George Alexander & Co.,bankers, and that George Alexander& Co., by indorsing on the back ofthe note the following, "Pay to theorder of Mrs. R. Rudisill," and signed "Geo. Alexander & Co.," beforethe maturity of the note, assigned anddelivered the note to the plaintiff, whobecame and now is the owner of thenote. She also sues in the same petition for $238.70, which she had ondeposit.A number of depositors havethrough their attorneys, Judge Harmon Stitt and Talbott & Whitley,brought suit against State BankingCommissioner Smith to require himto distribute at once among the depositors and creditors the amount ofcash on hand, which they claim -toamount to a large sum. They claimthat owing to the closing of the Alexander Bank money matters are close,and that it is a great inconvenienceand loss to the depositors, whoseclaims are not in dispute, for theirpart of the cash on hand to be heldfrom them.The November term of the Bourbon Circuit Court convenes on thethird Monday in November, and in addition to the heavy litigation grow-wEvangelist Ham delivered a forcefulsermon Thursday night to his largecrowd'of auditors, which was followedby the unusual spectacle of fully fiftypeople marching to the front of theTabernacle and making a personal andpublic renunciation of social evils.Friday night the members of theOdd Fellows lodges of the city andcounty, as well as those from adjoining counties, filled the big auditoriumto overflowing, and listened to asplendid sermon by Evangelist Ham,,and a musical program under the di--rection of Chorister ilamsey. iiSaturday night the discourse preached by the evangelist on "All Aboutthe Flood" drew a large audience.Mr. Ham drew a vivid picture of awater-soaked world. The sermon waslistened to with marked attention bya large crowd. ,.Sunday morning the evangelist tookfor his theme "The Marriage ThatTurns Out Bad." Sunday afternoonhe preached to the aien only on "TheSins of the Father,'- and at the evening service he addressed the audienceon the subject of "Why Men. Go toHell." All these meetings were largely attended.As has been the custom since theinauguration of the services at theTabernacle the Protestant churchesof the city held mo services,, so thatthe different congregations roifWunite in a union service at the Tabernacle. No services were held yesterday, it being the "rest day" for theworkers.To-night has been set apart as "Masonic Night," when various Masoniclodges of the city and county are expected to attend the special servicesat the Tabernacle.Up to and including Sunday nightthe attendance has reached a total of77,400. The, number who have responded to the invitation has reacheda total of 389, most of whom havealready affiliated themselves with thechurches.Results of the revival were manifested Sunday morning when seventyfive persons united with the variouschurches of the city, u'wenty-eight ofthese went into the Christian Church,twenty-two into the Eaptist Church,twenty into the Methodist Church andfive into the Presbyterian. Others hadpreviously united with the churchesand still more have signified their intention to do so.Those who took membership withthe Presbyterian Church Sunday wereMr. J. M. Endicott and daughter, MissAnna May Endicott Charles ButlerHarris, George Francis Collins andMiss Josephine Fithian.Tv.rt fi-kiirtwirKT aiYtopn nprsons madeconfession at the Christian Churckru-iUlSSea AHltSlIO. luuiuauu, '"'"""Squires, Minnie Rowland, Anna Meglone, Virginia Cook, Eva Lawson,Mary Leach, Mattie Jefferson, Elizabeth Hedges, Carrie Rose, GertrudeSlicer, Elmeta Hinton, Cora Crump,Viola Ockerman, Messrs. Matt HumeBedford, Jr., and Clarence Plummer.Others who took membership by letter were Mrs. Martin Heller, Mrs.Nettie Gardner, Mrs. W. H. Squires,Mr. and Mrs. Carl Harp, MissesMamie Flanders and Sallie Squires,Messrs. O. M. Martin, William Rileyand Oney Martin and Davis Stevens.Those w.ho were added to the Baptist Church as a result of the Tabernacle meeting were Mrs. E. C. Richriviiccneii d"1W WDiaKcmorcs1914 ij .JCopyrifkt,flbU. torn k Cm.TODAYAnd Not To-morrow, is the Time to Hiiqjr AboutYour l ' --Fall Suit and Overcoat.Come to this store and buy your clothesWe carry the finest and best makes of clothingin the United States. When you purchase aSuit or Overcoat from us it has to be right or wewon't sell it to you.Clothes that fit you and the kind that wilhold their shape and wear, all styles, for the fatman or the thin man.Suits and .Overcoats From$10 To $35.Think of This Store First!Mitchell & Blakemore,IThe Store for Men's StylesParis, KentuckyKSfe IHHBIirfHHHB Z!llz ABmfeflHh I!!fe BMBBMBBMBfc j0?j0?P mmtmtmmt- i. "- C . -.,- -w ...5t ?- -. T...Jbeiiand Telephone Co. in the Paris I ing out of tiie failure of the bank,fR0 fnv a limit three vears. biie isvery highly regarded by the management, and by her fellow-operators, andthe news of her pligut occasioned thedeepest indignation among them.On the same night of the attackupon Miss Moore, Mrs. Walter pimmitt, a highly-respected colored woman, was accosted by a man whilenear the residence of EoV Parker, onThomas avenue. Mrs. Dimmitt started to run when the man,, whom shesays was a burly colored man dressed in blue overalls, grasped her bythe arms and cursed her, telling herit she made a, noise he would killher Mrs. Dimmitt succeeaea mtearing herself from the man's graspand calling for help Ed. Parker responded and chased the man throughan alley into an open field where hemade liis escape.A DEMOCRATIC YEAR.This is a Democratic year everywhere. Early in President Wilsonsadministration when the tariff bill andthe Revenue bill were up for discussion, there was some feeling amongbusiness men that too much legisationAvas being completed, but now thatthese measures have been enacted into laws, the country is determined togive President Wilson's policies a fairtrial. The Democratic majority inCongress will be continued for thereason that any change in nationalaffairs at this time would be disastrous. Men of all parties have confiHonrp in President Wilson's patriotism and judgment, especially at thisjcritical time when tne very wimanagement i-3 needed to save thecountrv from disaster. President Wilson deserves a vote of confidence andhe will get it not only in Kentucky,but "in -every other State where theissue has been raised.EVERY LOAD GUARANTEED.Mr. Alexander must stand trial onabout thirty-three indictments; charging him with misappropriation of thefunds of the bank.ardson, Mrs. Ollie Tapp, Mrs. Theo-I,lr. TOntlor Mrs S. A. KeeQ. iUl'S. TMargaret Gillen, Mrs. Mary Farrow,Mrs. C. A. Ellis, Mrs. L. D. Honican,Mrs. Richard Stewart, Mrs. J. R.Prizzell, Mr. wT P. Reid, Mrs. J. E.Myers, Mr. L. D. Honican, Mr.J. It. Frizaell, MrtfcC. R. Parrent, Mr.A. M. Houston, Mrs. A. M. Houston,Miss Luella Wiles, Miss Lillie Kenney, Miss Mary Ross, 'Miss Elizabeth Honican.WANT GIRLS TO HELP.Tli Kentucky Commissioners forthe Panama-Pacific Exposition have appealed to the young ladies of Mercerr.nnntv to helD at the big exposition.The Commissioners were named byithe last Legislature, but no funds i.ora Kentucky exhibit were voted them,so the Blue Grass State is likely to beSUITS FOR $61,000 AGAINSTPARIS BUSINESS MAN.In a series of suits filed Saturday inthe office of the. Clerk of the BourbonCircuit Court, Mr. B.. B. Hutchcraft,Circuit 'Court, Mr. R. B. Hutchcraft,men of Paris, is made defendant, theamounts aggregating about' $61,000.T-iio SrvMiritv Trust Comnany. ofLexington, sues on a note for $10,000 ;Jno. H. Roseberry, of Bourbon county,sues for $10,000; The American National Bank, of Louisville, sues for $4,000; John W. Allison, of Bourboncounty, for $2,206, -nd various othersuits aggregating $11,000.In addition to Ue Ming ot tnese22c to 25c perpound forSausage whenWhy Pay jj FRANK .& CO.Baldwintiio nniv State in the union unrepre,w w...., , ,.1. 1sented, unless some ot tlie people i suits, amounting to $d5,uuu, auaitionaithemselves take the matter up. An I suits were filed later in the day to reappeal is made to as many young I COver additional sums amounting toladies in the county as will help toagree to sell watch fobs anl pocketpieces at $1 each. A trip to the Exposition is being arranged for thosewho make the best sales, and full information can be obtained by writingto the Panama-Pacific Exposition ofKentucky, Inter-Southern Building,Louisville, Ky.REPUBLICAN SPEAKING.Former Governor Augustus. Willson, candidate for the United StatesSenate, will speak to the voters ofParis and Bourbon County at thecourt house, in this city, next Thursday, "October 22, at 2 p. m., in the interest of his candidady. This is theonly political speech so far announcedfor this city in the present campaign,in which former Governor J. C. W.Beckham is pitted against Mr. Willson, as the Democratic candidatefor Senatorial honors.CORONER FINISHES INQUEST.We 'guarantee every load of coalJ to civ satisfaction. Fno - ?hlriM ' ' KT TTX H. BATTW3The inquest held -jy Coroner Rulolph Davjs in the death of Mrs. Lo--naCollins Quinlan, -who died at thehome ot her mother, Mrs. Emma Coll'ns, last Sunday, Oct. 11, near Jacksonville, rwas concluded Friday with a:rHiftr of "death 'trom taking jfaris3rea with l suicidal infent. J$2fi.O00". or $61,000 in allThe earlier suits nvere filed by creditors of Mr. Hutchcraft in Lexington, Louisville and Bourbon county,and the latter petitions were filedlargely by creditors in and aboutP 2.11 SThe action of the creditors is one ofthe effects of the financial crash occasioned by the collapse of the GeorgeAlexander State Bank, of this city, Mr.Hutchcraft having been a depositor,stockholder and director in the wrecked institution.Mr. Hutchcraft has long been aprominent figure in Paris business circles, being a large landowner, tobaccodealer and being in the seed and grainwholesale and commission businessfor many years.In an answer filed Saturday to thesuit of the American National Bankof Louisville, 'Mr. Hutchcraft statesthat, he is readv and willing to paythe said note as soon as it is settledwho is the proper claimant, as " theState Banking Commissioner, incharge ofthe Alexander Bank, advances the claim that inasmuch asthe note was indorsed to the American National Ban7 for a loan exceeding the amount of $10,00.0, which, .acrnrdiner ,tov the articles of incorporation? was the maximum amount thatr.oiid De -Dorroweu, - me uulw xp' property of .the; Alexander Bank.Bros.SELL2 POUNDSOF BESTPORKSAUSAGEthefor , II 35c !! !I BALDWIN BROS. JOurr' Buyer Has Returned From His SecondEastern Trip and We AreNow SnowingThe Newest Styles InSuits, Dressesand CaaJrs.Suits at $15 to $25"c411 popular fabrics and styles represented.Dresses at $5 to $20In Serge and Satin Combination. cAlso acomplete line of clfternoon and EveningDresses in Satins and Crepes.Coatsr--A?h:For Ladies, Misses and Children zAM styles Jand prices. " " -"&YOUR INSPECTION CORDIABEYINVITED.3fc, 'HEt ?14 yJ,cfc-V-f -FRANK &JSe Stor Wher IWbbtt)lkiiis,t ' ' itijjujJtlirtXXinw-'S: ? .. ' V. - ,i 'XVX3jA--JA.'? , vv A -V v i ." if.:JfJLt-O.ELh4taTHE BOURBON NEWS. PXRIS. KENTUCKY. OCTOBER. 20. 1914 ' - ' ' -',..i . .,.- ' -MftKIfeeu,3AptThe Bourbon NewsEstablished 1881 32 Years of Continouous Publication.soby some overt act which threaten'ed her own safety..BWIFT CHAMP, Editor and Owner.(Entered at the Pans, Kentucky,Postoffice as Mail Matter of theSecond Class.)One Year $2.00 Six Months. $1.00Payable in Advance.Published Every Tuesday and FridayADVERTISING RATESDisplay Advertisements, $1.00 periDch for first time; 50 pents per incheach subsequent instertion.Reading Notices, 10 cents per line-each issue; reading notices in blacktype, 20 cents per line, each issue.Cards of thanks, calls on candidates, obituaries and resolutions, and-similar matter, 10 cents per line.Special rates for large advertisemDts and yearly contract KThe righj; of publisher is reservedto decline 'pay advertisement or othermatter offered for publication.Space is a newspaper's stock intrade and source of revenue.THE RAISER IN FRANCE.LONDON, Oct. 16. A news dispatch from Copenhagen says that theKaiser, satisfied that the Russians arenot making progress in the Easternfield, is transferring a large number oftroops to the West for a new advanceupon Paris.Emperor William's headquarters, according to an official statement fromBerlin, has been moved "farther intoPrance," and the Imperial Chancellor,Herr Von Bethmaivn-Hollweg, is reported to have arrived in Brusselswith his suite.Nearly all the members of the British royal family have left London forSandringham, which is 100 miles northof London. Two special trains transported the royal family suite. mLIKED GOOD OLD FUNTLOCKAt First That Form of Firearm WasPreferred to Samuel Colt'sInvention.DEMOCRATIC TICKET.ForForSenatorJ. C. W. BECKHAM(Long Term)JOHNSON N. CAMDcN(Short Term)CongressJ. CAMPBELL CANTRILL.EARLY WAD NEWS.LONDON Oct. 16. It is officiallyannounced that the British cruiser,Hawke, has been torpedoed and sunkjn' the North Sea by a German submarine. Out of a crew of 400 menfifty were saved.This disaster to the Hawke followslav about three weeks the sinking in4.he North Sea of the British cruisersAhoukir, Houge and Cdessy. Thesevtssels succumbed to the attack of aGerman submarine, and with themsome sixty British officers and 1,400men met their death.Other British warships lost since the.outbreak of hostilities are the cruiserJ&nphion, which wxs sunk in the.North Sea by a mine August 6, and the.cruiser Pathfinder, torpedoed in the.North Sea, September 10. The lossof the Hawke makes a total of sixBritish cruisers destroyed by Germanyin the North Sea since the beginningof.the war..ALLIES MAKE NOTABLE PROGRESS. LONDON, Oct. 16. Two great battles, one in Northern France and Belgium, the other in Russian Poland,both with a front of over three hundred miles, have reached their height,but the public is allowed only an occasional glance at their progressthrough official communications,which frequently are widely at variance. From the French report it appearsthat the western battle is growingslowly but surely in favor of the allies.Under the pressure of the troops otthe allies the Germans, who started toadvance on Calais and other Frenchcoast ports, have been forced to evacuate the left bank of the Lys River,which is a considerable distance eastof the points their advance guardsreached last week.Further east in the Lens districtand southward between Arras andAlbert, where the Germans made theirinitial attempt to work around theallies' left, the English and Frenchhave made "notable progress."SAFE IN ENGLAND.SOUTHAMPTON, Oct 16. The stable of King Albert of Belgium, comprising thirty-two horses, with fivecarriages-, arrived here to-day, accom--oaniedby forty-two members of theKing's establishment. They cameIrom Antwerp, the sea voyage occupying three days.PLACE GERMAN LOSSES AT 700,000LONDON, Oct 16. The Chronicleto-day received from a correspondentin Holland, who lately has been inBerlin, the following:"Authorities in Berlin estimate theiriotal losses in France and Belgium upto date at mor-2 than 700,000 men.This does not include their losses ontheir Eastern frontier, which they estimate at more than 150.000."They also acknowledge that Austrian losses exceed 500,000. Official reports which have bean publishedonly concern a portion of Prussian.losses in France.''Chauffeurs Are Kicking."A wealthy widow elopes with achauffeur," or "An heiress elopes withher father's chauffeur" is a familiarheadline in the New York papers. Thechauffeur is a knight errant. Surelythere was never a knight more errantthan he. He is the wizard of thehammer and wrench. It is properthat he should displace Vulcan in theaffections of Venus. If women oncegladly ran away with the coachman,by reason of the coachman's masteryover that admirable beast, the horse,how much more susceptible they mustbe to the transcendant fascinations ofthe modern chauffeur.There is nothing petty or squalidabent the chauffeur except the strangetitle. The "chauffeur" a stoker, orman who makes a fire under a boiler!It is' not merely undescriptive, it isignominous. The chauffeurs' union isjust getting on to what the title meansand they believe that since they havebeen called upon to play the hero rolethey should be known by somethingfine and imposing. They suggest thatthey be called the charioteer, orauriga.It is now just 100 years since thebirth of Samuel Colt, who in 1827shipped before the mast as a sailorlad on the ship Corlo, bound from Boston to Calcutta. While on that voyagehe 'whittled out the wooden model of arevolving pistol, says the Advance. Int1835 he went abroad again, this timeto secure patents in foreign countriesfor his new pepper-box gun. Then hereturned to America and tried to interest the government of the UnitedStates in a weapon which could beloaded on Sunday and shot all theweek. But he had no immediate success in the endeavor. The officers ofthe army frowned upon it. It would,not do. To be sure, it shot, and shot,and shot, six times; but it used thenew percussion cap and not the goodold reliable flint.It would not do to indorse a gunwhich depended on anything less reliable than the good old flint. The oldtime flintlock was good enough forthem. It was good enough for Washington, was good enough for grim OldHickory, for Tippecanoe and Tyler too,and good enough for them. Had it notserved our country in the past? Andwhat reason had we to expect thatthe future could be saved otherwise?So Colt and his new six-shooting gunmet with little favor in Washington.But Mr. Colt learned the secret ofnitrous oxide and went around thecountry as "Doctor Colt," giving lectures and administering "laughinggas" to his audiences, and he took ina barrel of money and built a factoryand made his revolvers and sold themand grew rich and gave Hertford apark.Two men secured parks for Hertford, Horace Bushnell, who, having nomoney, preached and pleaded anstirred up public sentiment till thepeople taxed themselves to buy a park,and Samuel Colt, who sold so manyrevolvers that he had to get rid of hismoney in some way Bushnell parkand Colt park there they are!It was the laughing gas that securedthe money, but often it has been nolaughing matter. For every now andthen somebody has gotten in front ofa Colt revolver at the wrong time andsomething has happened to him.On July 19 Hartford celebrated theone hundredth anniversary of the birthof Samuel Colt. A medal was struckand 500 of these were distributed inhonor of the man who invented therevolver. If we knew who inventedthe flintlock, he, too, might well deserve a medal. But what about themen who would not believe in the revolver because it did not use a flintlock? Is there anyone who proposesa medal for them?Ye the good old flintlock has a glorious place in American' history.EAT CABBAGE,FISH, SAUSAGE,NEW BREAD"Pape's Diapepsin" Digests FoodWhen Stomach Can't CuresINDIGESTION.jTDesigned wPatented,ISS7ScFtr.mwmpy,CliTwenty-seven Years Agothe first Cortright Metal Shingles were put on.Do some foods you eat hit backtaste -good, but work badly; fementinto stubborn lumbps and cause a sick,sour, gassy stomach? Now, Mr. orMrs. Dyspeptic, jot this down: Pape'sDiapepsin digests everything, leavingnothing to sour or vrpset you. Therenever was anything so safely quicq, socertainly effective. No difference howbadly your stomach is disordered youwill get happy relief in five minutes,but what pleases you most is that itstrengthens and regulates your stomach so you can eat favorite foodswithout fear. ,Most remedies give you reief sometimes they are sow, but not sure."Pape's Diapepsin" is quick, positiveand puts your stomach in a healthycondition so the misery won't comeback.You feel different as soon as "Pape'sDiapepsin" comes in contast with thestomach distress just vanishes'1-yourstomach gets sweet, no gases, nobelching, no eructions of undigestedfood, your head clears and you feelfine. iGo "now, make the best investment-ou ever made, by getting a lorge fifty-cent case of "Pepe's Diapepsinfrom any drug store. You realize infive minutes how veedless it is tosuffer from indigestion, dyspepsia orany stomach disorder.(Advertisement)TheStandardEverSinceThey're still on still in good condition, andthe only attention they've had is an occasionalcoat of paintIn addition to the lasting qualities, they'reFireproof, Stormproof and inexpensive.For Sale by1BEST & HAWKINS, Millersbprg, Kentucky.Bourbon LaundryDWIS & FUNK, Props.Telephone No. 4. West 5 StreetHUMAN LIFE GROWS iN VALUESociety Formerly Made Practically NoProvision to Protect ItsMembers.' -S52iWe Take Pleasure.in "oing up the finest shirtwaists or anything in thelaundry line. "That is whaymade ihe Bourbon Laundrtfamous fo fine work and itdever goes freck on its reputation. If you are particularabout how your linen islaundered, your custom is thekind we want as we like toappreciatee.Bourbon Laundry,Paris Kentucky.' GERMANS ABOUT TO OCCUPYOSTEXD.LONDON, Oct. 16. As was the casejust a week ago with Antwerp, so it-was to-day with Ostend. Timt is tosay, its occupation by a German armyis momentarily expected. Ostend being directly across riie channel fromEngland, almost opposite the mouthof the Thames, Brittns centered theirgaze there regardless of whether ornot the taking of the city would meanniuch from a military standpoint orliasten to protract the great war nown its seventy-fourth day.Guerrilfa Warfare.The term guerrillas is applied toarmed bands who, on the occasion offoreign invasion or civil war, carry onan irregular warfare on their own account. This class of' fighters belongspeculiarly to Spain, where from 1808to 18i4 they were systematically organized against the French, whose operations they very seriously embarrassed. The country itself also suffered from them. Many of them, particularly Mint's band, joined Wellington, and; after having undergone acourse of discipline, rendered signalservice as regular troops. On the conclusion of peace large numbers wereorganized into robber bands. In mostof the civil wars of Spain since 1820guerrilla warfare, Especially in theBasque provinces, played a prominentpart. In the Civil war of the UnitedStates bands of' guerrillas committeddepredations on both Federals andConfederates.TO SHIPBY3 RAILSUBMARINESTO OSTEND.' AMSTERDAM, Oct. 16. Reportsfrom Berlin say thi- German Governjnent will at once transport a fleet ofsubmarines by rail and use them from-there in attacks on the British fleet.Holland engineers declare the plan isfeasible and local naval experts saythat these submarines will be able tocripple any big fleet that may appearin the British Channel or on theFrench and Belgian coasts.150 MOTOR CARS FILLED WITHWOUNDED,zrecaptured Muelhausen and' Altirch,-.according to a dispatch from Basle,Switzerland, transmitted to the Ex. change Telegraph Company by its cor-respondent in Rome.This message says the German losses were so heavy that the enemy wascompelled to use 150 motor cars tocarrv off their wounded. Both thesepositions liad been laxen unl retakenrepeatedly in the fighting in AlsaceXorraine. Naval successes were recorded inan official statement by the BritishAdmirality, which says that the Brit-ish light cruiser Yarmouth, one of the- swiftest on duty in the East Indies, today sunk the Hamburg-American liner!&fs.rkoniannia (renamed the Kirchberg.) ITALY-WILL REFUSE TO TAKE UPARMS.WASHINGTON, Oct 16. The Ital-1 4aia Government's policy in regard tothe European Avar was made plain by-Ambassador Macchi di Callere to-daywftwi lie said Italy would not takep Arias unless she was forced to doHolding Court on Race Course.Famed Ascot is legal as well as royal in being the only race course inthe world with its especial court ofjustice. When George IV was regenthe was assaulted at Ascot, and whenhis assailant was arrested, demandedhis instant punishment. Enraged atthe delay by the man's conveyanceto Windsor, the prince decreed that amagistrate should always be in attendance at Ascot for the swift punishment of offenders. The indictable offenses act of 1818 made the royal wishthe law of the land and during Ascotweek the chief magistrate at Bowstreet was accordingly on duty inthe little court room opening on thepaddock to try and to sentence all offenders within a minute or two oftheir arrest.Hotels the Same the World Over.An American hotel manager hasspent seven weeks touring the European hotels which is all that someseekers after pleasure can accomplishwithout being paid for it. Says thehotel man:"I made my first acquaintance withplovers' eggs, which I was told costsomething like a dollar apiece, and afew other dishes not common to billsof fare over here, but in general Ifound that the eating in hotels waspretty much on the same lines as here,and that the standard of what constituted a first clais hotel in Europeand in the United States was prettymuch the same."This is one of the things that makesconventional travel without any definite object so deadly dull for intelligent people. People dress very muchalike at hotels in the temperate zone,and their conversation is about equallyinsipid, and they eat very much thesame indigestible food. Usually it isbad food (called by French names)and priced rather high. Collier'sWeekly.Tooth Wasn't So Much.Among the children seeking air andplay in Central park one day lastweek the twelve-year-old son of anthe ringleader in sports with oneerowd, and felt his dignity was being 'stepped on by another boy wholater came up and tried to dictate tothe players. He looked for somethingabout the new boy which he couldridicule, and noticed a gold toothwhich the boy showed whenever hecould."Huh," sniffed the Amsterdam avenue boy, "my father paints gas pipeswith that stuff." New York Tribune.IT ALWAYS DOES THE WORK."I like Chamberlain's Cough Remedy better than (any other," writesR. E. Roberts, Homer City, Pa. "Ihave taken it off and on for yearsand it has never failed to give thedesired effect." F-or sale by all dealers. s.Cross Knife and Fork In Reverence.The old custom of crossing the knifeand fork after dining had its origin,if we may trust F. W. Burgess' explanation in his new book, "Chats onHousehold Curfos," in a spirit of devotion. He quotes Browning:"Knife and fork he never laysCrosswise, to my recollection,As I do in Jesu's jiraise.""In Russia," says Mr. Burgess,"this custom of the peasantry wasdeep-rooted, and there they were careful to take up the knife and fork andlay them down on the plate crossedbefore commencing their meager meal.Strange to say, that; although knivesand forks have been crossed in reverence, to cross knives has been deemedunlucky, and to give a maiden a pairof scissors two crossed blades haslong been held by those who believei in such signs as unlucky."To Write Well.For a man to write well, there arerequired three necessaries: To readthe best authors, observe the bestspeakers and much exercise of hisown style. In style, to consider whatought to be written, and after whatmanner. He must first think and excogitate his matter, then choose hiswords and examine the weight ofeither. Then take care in placingand ranking both matter and words,that the composition be comely, andto do this with diligence, and often.No matter how slow the style be 'atfirst, so it be labored and accurate;seek the best, and be not glad of theforward conceits or first words thatoffer themselves to us, but judge ofwhat we invent, and order what we approye. Ben Johnson, lThe value of life has fluctuatedgreatly in the different periods of theworld's history, writes Dale H. Carnnagey in Leslie's Weekly. To theSpartans life was cheap. The highestduty was to be a soldier; the greatesthonor was to give away life for thestate. Napoleon estimated the thousands of lives his conquest for a universal empire would cost, and hemarched on sacrificing them. Life hadlittle value. Under Henry VIII deathwas the punishment for stealing threeshillings; there were 253 crimes punishable by death; 72,000 people wereexecuted in his reign.Formerly war, pestilence and famine swept off humanity by the countless millions. During the ThirtyYears' war 18,000,000 of Germany'spopulation were killed. The BlackDeath devoured 25,000,000 people inEurope during the fourteenth century.Three hundred and fifty famines haveswept over the earth since the beginning of history. Human life has beendestroyed like bubbles. Today all thishas changed.Smallpox and yellow fever, for agesthe tvo dreaded horrors, of mankind,have lost their terror. The new discoveries in surgery have alleviated untold suffering. Foimerly operationswere performed while the subjectwrithed and shrieked with pain. Today anesthetics render the patient asinsensible as a mountain bowlder.The leading physicians of the world afew weeks ago cheered long and loudly Dr. Alexis Carrel of the Rockefellerinstitute when h announced to themthat he had stopped the hearts of animals for two and one-half minutes andperformed operations on their valves.Animals have played an importantpart in the eradication of human diseases. From the horse the antitoxinis prepared that saves thousands ofchildren from death by diphtheria.From the cow the vaccine preparationfor immunizing against smallpox ismade."1Your Coal Bin Full?Our Coal will give the best results inyour heating stove and furnace, aswell as in your cooking stove.The Coal we sell burns better, givesmore heat and lasts longer than anvany other Coal. Give us a trial order.Dodson DentonParis, Ky.Yards, South Main St. Both Phones 140.(3ScaftQ?fcXSggCrag7afcMr SwlThe old-fashioned girl who used tohave to hang her head out of a window for an hour to lry her hair, nowhas a daughter who hangs her hairout of the window and lest it drywhile she is taking a bath.Nature is a great joker. That iswhy the woman who never took adring in her life usually has a rednose.Round trip Winter Tourist Ticketson sale daily from Oct. 1st, 1914, toApril 30, 1915, to all principal touristpoints in Alabama, Florida, Georgia,Louisiana Mississippi, New Mexico,Texas and Havana, Cuba, with finalreturn limit May 31, 1915, with verylibeval stop-over privileges. Also lowround-trip Home-Seekers tickets topoints in Alabama, Florida, Louisianaand Mississippi, on sale first and thirdTuesdays of each month, with finalreturn limit vfteen days from date ofsale. For further information, call onor address,J. K. SMITH, T. A.,orW. H. HARRIS, Agt.GEO. W. DAVISFBNERAL DIS&TOR AND LICENSED EHBALSES.BOTH'PHOKES DATl 137; NIGHT 299.t Pans Odorless Cleaning Co.Let us Make that Last Winter's Suit or OvercoatLook Like New.You will be surprised when we send your' clothes home,and will wonder why you have not tried us before:AII Work Guaranteed Satisfactoryxtxcxi o auu uauica x ancuna ana oiraw nats uieaned andReblockedto your satisfaction.We Call For and Deliver Work.Call up E. T. Phone 40.1Paris Odorless Cleaning Co., Sam Levy, Proprietor.White Kid Gloves Cleaned, short, 10c; long 25cvmmmwmmmmFor Sale,acresAbout 350 shocks corn; 75bluegrass furnished io feed on.J. M. RUSSELL,,East Tennessee Phone 690. -XoctlSltf) "Aerated Milk-forbestWhy will you pay fiv-e centsmilk when you can get themilk in the market for four cents?Phone us at the Woodlawn Dairy.Home Phone 79; E. T. Phone 540.R. F. COLLIER,' t woomawn Jjairy,(octl!3:tf) Phones, Home 79 i E. T. 540. 'OnfcHv roli ova. ThnnTTHsr"j- SoroMuS-r cles, Neuralgia, .Backache, Headache andall Tuirn Your mnnor- hxj-lr if it falls tO 1lieva anr ache in anv Dart of tba bodi .mieen minutes time. . .Jtrriee 60c At A.U DruggutsFree Mmpla ad oiresUr test on request.BOURBOM REMEDY COMPANY.k34tEatHakiSt., Lt. Ky4- Jt - .-' , -ix-Vr - " i-1$;.-.J-?V:.' aX.o4oiV,$HE OUKBd! NkwJPARilKY 0&QBEK&i ti44. ,lKfirHESTARSPANSLEDBANNER HONOREDEN BALTiMORE CITYHonor Francis Scott Key at BigCentennial."OLD GLORY" 100 YEARS OLDSeptember 12, 1814, Marked Openingof Three-Day Engagement in theWar Which Gave NationMost Stirring Anthem.Baltimore, Md. Baltimore openedwide her gates to guests from all overthe United States when the nationalStar-Spangled Banner centennial wasopened there for a week's duration.Sunday, September 6, was designatedas patriots' day, and was featured bya music festival by a massed orchestra and a chorus of 5,000 voices. September 7 was featured as industrialday with a parade of 500 floats. Themiddle states regatta was rowed onthat day.Francis Scott Key day, on September S, was observed with a floral automobile parade, a reception on battleships in the harbor, a night carnivaland tournament and colonial lawnletes. On September. 10, fraternalday, a parade with 60,000 fraternalmen In line, accompanied by 50 bandsand 60 floats, was followed in theaeLing by a fraternal ball.September 11 was celebrated asarmy and navy day. In the eveningthere was a military ball to the president, the cabinet, state governors andother distinguished guests. September 12, Star-Spangled Banner day, sawthe original flag of Stars and Stripesborne through the city to Fort Mc-Francis Scott Key.Henry, the escort consisting of President Wilson, state governors and apicked guard of 100 men from eachof the states of the union in 1814.President Wilson addressed theguests at the dedication of Fort McHenry as a city park. But perhapsgreatest of all spectacles was the formation pf a living Star-Spangled Banner by 10,000 school children, whosang the national anthem to the accompaniment of massed bands numbering 1,500 musicians. The final dayv-as peace day, when universal peacev.as the theme in all Baltimorechurches.The summer of 1S14 was not aIriglit one for the arms of the UnitedStates. On land it was marked byconstant defeat, culminating in theLurning of Washington August 23.Hut the end of that summer, nevertheless, witnessed a glorious event,celebrated in deathless verse wrungrom the heart of a burning patriot,"ft ho had witnessed the night bombardment of the fortress which protectedI is native shores and knew not untilhorning whether the brave little forthad successfully withstood the assault or not.There was no telegraph in 1814, fewand sparse means of communication,but after the skirmish of August 23,sometimes called "battle" of Bladensburg, a little Maryland town, six milesfrom Washington, where about threethousand raw militia, mostly farmers,"ere quickly routed by the trainedeterans of Gen. Robert Ross, the British commander, the air about Baltimore was alive with news and rumorsof disaster.The British fleet, which had left Bermuda a month before, was sailingalong the Chesapeake bay and its tributary rivers, burning and destroying;Washington was in ruins, owing to adisgraceful act of vandalism perpetrated mainly through the agency ofAdmiral George Cockburn, who afterwards conveyed Napoleon to St. Helena. Baltimore seemed irretrievablydoomed. In its defense it could onlymarshal a "home guard," principallyrsisting of boys and old men of Baltimore, a few country companies of.u.tia, hastily recruited from surrounding Maryland towns and fromrrk and Hanover in Pennsylvania.-r'l about one thousand real sojdiersspared to the -defense of the City, inill about ten thousand men, under thecommand of Gen; Samuef Smith, a sy the ramparts of, the, tort.' The inRevolutionary veteran, and General tense 'darkness of the night aided thisStrickler, the former as commander- Project, but as the party was about toin-chief of the defense of the city and' tend it was discovered. A temble firethe latter an active 'head of the' de- came from the fort, and although thetensive operations.To aid in. these operations of defense was Fort McHenry, at themouth of the Patapsco river, just outside ol the city, by no means a formidable fortress. It was not bomb-proof,and its armament, even for that day,was woefully inadequate,posite side of the riverhad been hastily thrown up under thedirection of General Smith, and behindthese were mounted 100 small cannon.This was at a place then known as"Hampstead Hill," and it still bearsthat name, although it is included inwhat is now Patterson park, one ofBaltimore's pleasure grounds. Gunswere also posted at North Point, somedistance away, and at Lazaretto Point,directly opposite Fort McHenry.To the hurried erecting of these fortifications practically the entire population of Baltimore men, women andchildren devoted itself as soon as itwas learned that the British purposedan attack upon the city.On September 11 the dread newsthat the enemy's fleet was off the harbor was made known. This fleet consisted of 50 ships, an extremely powerful armada for that day, carrying9,000 veteran troons.Troops were landed from the fleeton Monday, September 12, and on thatday began the first fight, known as"the battle of North Point." For thenumber of men engaged, it was an exceedingly sanguinary affair. It beganby an untoward happening to the IBritish and ended with the Americansin possession of the field, after a hotfight of doubtful issue.Riding at the head of his troops,General Ross was the first man tofall. A few American skirmishersposted along the line of march of theBritish saw their approach. Tradition has it that two young sharpshooters, Daniel Wells and Henry C. McComas, selected General Ross as theirtarget in the hope of halting the British advance, and fired at him with unerring aim. These two boys, respectively eighteen and nineteen years old,were secreted in a clump of bushesand immediately after they had mortally wounded the British commanderthey were killed, as they were certainto be, by a tremendous volley firedinto their shelter. A monument tothose two lads stands today in Aliqufth square, at the conjunction ofGay, Monument and Alsquith streets,in the city of Baltimore, being one ofthe several structures of the kindwhich gave it the name of the "Monumental city."But this disaster only meant a temporary check to the British. Underthe direction of Admiral Cockburnand Colonel Brooke, they continued toadvance, and in the early afternoonbegan the real battle of North Point.The Americans were short 'of ammunition, but determinedly poured a fire ofshot, slugs, old nails and scrap ironinto their foes. Fearful execution wasdone during the hour and a half ofthis fight's duration, after which General Strickler fell back in good orderto his base, near Hampstead Hill.The American loss as 150 killed andthe British 600.A heavy rainstorm halted furtherfighting for the day, and at night, leaving their campfires burning, the British withdrew to the cover of theirships, defeated in their attempt tocarry the defending works, and trusting to their fleet to reduce Fort McHenry and thus give them an easierentrance into the city.And in the meantime what of thefort? During the day of the battle ofNorth Point it was idle, its defenders,under the intrepid Major George Armistead, awaiting the inevitable attack.It came the next morning.In order to prevent the passage ofthe British fleet into the mouth ofthe river and thus render it able directly to bombard Baltimore, a line of-y.View of Oldhulks was sunk across the river. Thisacted as an effectual barrier and thebombardment of the ships was fromoff the mouth of the stream.The British ships had better offensive weapons than the fort. Theircannon carried farther and sent a veritable rain of bombs and shot into thefort all that day and the followingnight.Major Armistead at first repliedsturdily, but he found that his cannon had not sufficient range to reachthe enemy's ships. Wisely, then, heheld his fire and awaited events. Asa hostile vessel essayed to creepcloser to the fort the defenders' firedrove it off. One ship was quickly disabled and was towed out of range bysmaller boats. The fort, although inflicting little damage, was sturdilyholding its own.Admiral Cockburn, in chargeof thefleet, determined upon an assault, andto this end .sent a storming party of1,250-picked men in small boats to -es-?'"?2?J'" v& Y7& .&&& IFort McHenry.British behaved with great valor, theywere beaten off, two of their vesselswere sunk and many men were killed.This storming attempt was not repeated, although the bombardmentcontinued, not ceasing until seveno'clock fn the mornins: of the four-On the op- teenth, after a night of fire and terearthworks rr in which 1,800 shells were throwninto the fort by its assailants. But theattack was frustrated, and, dauntedby their heavy losses, the stern resistance they had encountered and thedeath of their general, the Britishdrew off and the fleet, with the armyaboard, sailed away.It was a great victory, more important than it would have been from itsdirect effect, for it heartened Americans cast down by a succession of landdefeats.Still greater, however, was this victory, for its horrors were the birthpangs of a song which has sincestirred Americans for a hundred years.During the bombardment of Fort Mc-Mrs. Mary Pattersgill, Who Made theFlag.Henry, Francis Scott Key, lawyer-soldier-poet,wrote "The Star-SpangledBanner," actually, if not officially, thenational anthem.After the fight at Bladensburg, theBritish fleet had made its way downthe Potomac river and up Chesapeakebay. Landings of troops were frequent and these often burned homeson the countryside. During one pfthese forays an aged physician, Dr.William Beanes of Upper Marlborough, Maryland, had arrested someBritish soldiers for wanton destruction of his property. He was capturedand held a prisoner upon the prisonship Minden.Doctor Beanes was a close friend ofthe Key family, and to effect his release Francis Scott Key, under a flagof truce, made his way to the Britishadmiral. He was courteously receivedand accomplished his purpose, butneither he nor Doctor Beanes was allowed to land immediately, becausejust at this time the bombardment ofFort McHenry had been resolved uponand it was feared that they might reveal the British plans.During the terrible night of September 13, in ail the horrors of the bombardment, Key and Doctor Beanespaced the deck of the Minden, fearful at every lull in the firing that thebrave little fort had fallen. ' The factthat the fort's guns could not carry tothe hestiie ships and therefore earlyeased firing until the ships camewithin range, lent apparent corroboration to their fears.Morning broke, a fair, bright September morning, and in the soft hazethe blushing sun revealed the greatflag which had been especially madefor the fortress by Mrs. Mary Pattersgill of Baltimore in her home at 60 Albemarle street, in a house which stillstands. Key's joy was boundless.The words of the first stanza of hisglorious song of freedom formed themselves in his mind. He and his companions were released a few hours af-1 terward, and in a small boat, on theirI way to Baltimore, the song was writ1ten.It was found to fit perfectly to athen popular English tune. "Anacreonin Heaven." The poem was finishedthat night September 14, 1814. Thenext morning it was printed, and thatevening, September 15, it was sungwith rejoicing in all the taverns andpublic places in Baltimore, for by thai"time the British fleet had sailed awayand the city was safe.The city of Baltimore, which wassaved from an enemy a century ago,near which Francis Scott Key wasborn in 1770, and where he died in1843, honored by, a nation, has devoted a week to celebration of its deliverance which culminated September14, a hundred years from the day ofthe birth of the national anthem andof the sailing away, defeated, of themenacing fleet of the invader. 'To the Coast in a Wheelbarrow.Chicago. Stephen Meynhert, AlecFricz and John Janossy, newspapermen, are traveling from New York tothe Panama exposition in a wheelbarrow, each taking turns riding, andhave reached Chicago. They startedon the journey on May 7 and expect toreach their destination on May 1, 1915.The party makes its expenses by addressing, meetings and writing forHungarian newspapers.i iJUST IN TIME.Some Paris People May Wait Till It':Too Tate.. tDon't wait untill too late.Be sure to be in time.Just in time with kidney ills.Means curing ttfe backache, the dipziness, the urinal disorders.That so often come with kidneytroubles.Doan's Kidney Pills are for thisvery purpose.Here is testimony to prove theirmerit.Mrs. B. F. Ball, 718 Lancaster St.,Lexington, Ky., saysf "One of ourfamily was sick 1-jt three monthsfrom kidney trouble and a lame back.He had sharp pains in his back andwas so lame and sore that he could'ntturn in bed without help. His limbsachel day and nigh: and swelled badly. His head ached and he often gotdipzy. He cas iritable and had troublefrom irregular passages of the kidneysecretions. If the secre'tions stoodfor a little while, there was a darksediment deposited. He doctorel andtried all kinds of kicrney remedies, butnothing helped him tmtil he used Doan's Kidney Pills. Three boxes droveaway all the trouble."Price, 50c, at ail dealers. Don'tsimply ask for a kidney remedy getDoan's Kidney Pills the same thatMrs. Ball recommends. Foster-Mil-burnCo., Props., Buffalo, N. Y.And threre would be fewer divorcesif girls would practice more on theKitchen Range and less on the vocalrange.The Corn-Fel girl may have hertroubles. But she can eat a mess opeas and know that she won't be covered with little lumps. And that'smore than some of the thin one girlscan do.TONED UP WHOLE SYSTEM."Chamberlain's Tablets have donemore for me than I ever dared hopefor ," writes Mrs. Esther Mae Baker,Spencer'port, N. Y. "I used severalbottles of these tablets a few monthsago. They not only cured me ofbilious attacks, sick headaches andthat tired out feeling, but toned .upmy whole system." For sale by alldealers.(oct-adv)For Sale.Heating stove good as new. Willsell cheap. Call Cumberland Phone885. (15-3t)NOTICE!BOURBON COUNTY COURTIn the Matter of OscarHedges, &cON PETITIONNotice of Election!Notice is hereby given under a judgment and order of the Bourbon CountyCourt entered in the above styled proceeding, an order was entered in thesaid Court directing an election to beheld in Flat Rock voting precinctsNumber One and Two, upon the following question:Are you in favor of making it unlawful for cattle or any species thereof torun at large on the public highwayand unenclosed land of Flat Rock Magesterial district, composed of FlatRock voting Precinct No. 1 and FlatRock voting Precinct No. 2?Said election will be held on Tuesday, November 3rd, 1914, at the regular election to be hold on that'date.Witness my hand, this 9th da5' ofOctober, 1914.W. F. TALBOTT,. . Sheriff of Bourbon County.(octl3-20-23-30)BOURBON COUNTY COURTIn the Matter of Jas.Fisher, &c.ON PETITIONNotice of Election !Notice is hereby given under a judgment and order of the Bourbon County 1uourt entered in the said Court directing an election to he held in Ruddles Mills voting precincts NumberOneand Two, upon the following question: Are you in favor of making it unlawful for cattle or any species thereofto run at large on the public highwayand -unenclosed land of Ruddles MillsMagisterial district, composed of Ruddles Mills voting Precinct No. 1 andRuddles Mills voting Precinct No. 2?Said election will be held on Tuesday, November 3, 1914, at the regularelection to be held on that date.Witness my hand this 9th day ofOctober, 1914.W. .P. TALBOTT,. . Sheriff of Bourbon County.(octl3-20-23-30) --i I m ii 1 "mervous wornennAre troubled with the "blues" anxiety-sleeplessness and warnings of mia If;mhc1Strg?,f se?t5y the nerves like flyin2 messengers throughoutbodydwX u I --"& ay vi may not oe accompanied by backache orheadache or beanng down. The local disorders and mflamrtSTvL Jisany, should be treated with Dr.nervous system .and the entire womanly make-up feels the tonic effect oDR. PIERCE'SFavorite PrescriotionTake this in liquid or tableti" c'jrva xyieroi o. oeneva St, Ithaca.dition for several vkik .Cnffo-Deriods. HaJeTafc coJiES.31 ""JJS?? .9 a era eai of pain at certateSgiite,?er f . very much tetter than I havelH fme 1 SladlyjScommend this remedy to anywoman in need of a tonic." Wrt ir. V. M. Kent, MWtjLY,Dpm PtoiGos Piaamant Palletsrogiuaro stomach, liver,rsavePaying12 pounds Granulated Sugar $1.00Pure Hog Lard, per pound 1 5cCoffee, per pound, only 15cPure Cider Vinegar 30cfancy Northern Potatoes, per peck 30cHead Rice, per pound 8 l-3cBroken Rice, per pound 5cNew Packed Oats, 3 packages 25cLenox Soap, 8 bars for 25c25 pounds White Rose Flour 80c25 pounds Purity or R. C' Flour 85cOur terms being strictly cash, thedelivery boy carries change. You maypay at home same as store.IT. C.Cash Grocer. Both Phone 234Jf:TflFIND THEUl -.B,V"i .SA ... .x-;l 1:-P,,,,mm"ffi I uH1' ' ' j ii mil i i ii v r-The boss who sometimes goes home early is not therman who when a young man came io business late, watchedIhe clock and spent his money BEFORE he got it.NO. He started early, worked late and -above allBANKED his money. :You can do the same. -'DOIT. ':1Make OUR bank YOUR bank. ' JWe pay 3 per cent, interest on Savings.DEPOSIT AND PEOPLES BANKCAPirAL .$ 1 30,000.00SURPLUS 30,000.00STOCKHOLDERS' LIABILITY 150,000.00Protection to Depositors $330,000.00?3. E. BEDFORD, President. C. K. THOMAS, Cashier-Handsome Resdence For. Sale.l-My residence on Mt. Airy is forsale. One of the most modern homesin Paris. Every convenience. Prospective buyers are invited to inspectthe building and " premises.(28jly-tf) . MRS. M. A, PATONwPierce's Lotion Tablets. Then the.form and b a welt woman fT-N. Y.. says. "I have hn in n,tn- --T-1: :'r! f nave D.n ln nm-dowm COObowelr&."1I In GMhommJ VI Womanhood 1I MoihorhoomJ 1the Difference ByCash.leinihain(71rnijuc.iv i nsitvExpert Carriage-Painter..Mi rercy Hahn, the expert Carriage Painter, who has Been omployed by Holiday & Sttle, and also theirsuccessor, -Mr. C. M. Heck, for tbfpast 8 yers, has opened a shop at tbcorner of Foutlvand High Streets,. adsolicits the patronage of those aeetUing anything in his line.Both Phones 583. x-rSI--' . ::x"&i--n-rU,fvrr-v,-,-j ,S.K.lsaJ. V' v'iVvf .V- -T-x) ,WX-?-:.THE BOURBON NEWS, PARIS KENTOCKY, OCTOBER 2J, 1914tin.niiiiiiiiiiiiiniinjiiiuiiHmMiniiiiiiiiiII Wolf, Wile & Co.J'ormerlt Jfaufmarij Straus 6c Coxington,K-y.THEATRIGAtTWm Fall Evem ol 1914Reduced Price Sale ofWoolen Dress GoodsPor Two Weeks, Beginning October1 9 and Ending October 31, 1914;Not a family in this city or vicinity can afford to overlook this ONE greatest opportunity to buy a ladies',misses' or child's woolen dress length or skirt lengtr ofthese choice woolens. They are the best American WoolMaterials, woven on American made machinery. Theirvalues are from $1.25 ta $2.50 a yard.CHOICE FOR TWO WEEKS, ' '75c a YardAt the extreme low price above quoted and to fosterthe idea of using Merchandise Made in America, it cansafely lae stated that all our customers from Lexington andthe neighboring cities and counties will avail themselves ofthis two weeks' offer and that they will emphasize theirintention to buy preferablyAmerican-Made GoodsWe are contributing OUR share of promoting the everincreasing demand for goods made in our own country bythe total disregard of profits in this two weeks WoolenGoods Sale.The anticipation of a large business on these materialsabove offered prompts us to state in advance that no samples will be cut from this special offer lot of merchandise,none of them will be held for later delivery except on out:right purchase.l i Columbia -Theatre To-morrow."The Million Dollar Mystery" Episode No. 15. The Borrowed Hydro-!plane Defeat after defeat seems onlyto spur the "Black Hundred" to great-Jer daring which requires more hadardous pains and rescues by Jones andNorton, as is vividly portrayed in thisepisode. Boldly they take Florencefrom her guardians and rush her outto sea. Meantime, tney descend onthe House of Mystery in force and demand the $1,000,000 of Jones. Agreat winged man bird speeds outover the sea Jones stands at bayin a fight to the finish and, in asudden turn of the wheel, the "BlackHundred" again faces defeat."Bransford in Arcadia," (Eclair)Three suappy reels of action with a'plot that takes a new turn and photography that can not be executed,will be shown in connection with"The Million Dollar Mystery."IXsiMonsr'sIParis Kentucky.Jiuthentic J all fashions I43or the Weil jJressed WomanLET US BE CHEERFUL GIVERS.Surely the good people of Paris andBourbon county are not going to turna deaf ear to the earnest appeal ofthat band of noble women and menwho compose the Bourbon CountyHealth and Welfare league, who arestriving with might and main to serond the work of Mrs. Minnekar, thevisiting nurse! There is every reasonwhy they should help in maintainingthe free nurse service, which has already proved such a blessing in thislocality, though many who may readthese lines may know very littleabout the splendid work that has beenaccomplished.We have seen much larger amountscontributed for less worthy causes andcertainly with no more effect.What is the reason for this seemingindifference on the part of the public those who can afford to give,even a mite?We who are endowed with healthknow not when that most pricelessblessing will be taken away from us,nor when one or more of our lovedones may be stricken, and the kindministrations of the Health and Welfare League nurse required. It is wellthat we should ponder deeply overthis proposition and determine nothow little we will donate to the cause,but how much. Anyhow, don't beniggardly in the giving you who havethe wherewith.It has been suggested that boxes be"Hi ' placed in every school room in Bour-1 Just a little of your time speit in bur Coat and Suit De-partment will unfold many charming and novel conceits atX prices that will surprise you.Wc arc showinga magnificent collection of New TailoredSuits for Ladies, Misses and Juniors the season's veryt latest fashions.Don't miss seeine our line of Coats for Ladies. Misses.: Juniors and Children, embracing every new style and fabricthat will foe used this winter.WOLF, WILE & CO.Formerly Kaufman, Straus & Co.Lexington, KentuckyIt HI H'"H"HHI"II"II"I'I'M..I..I..I..I..I.4..I.4.I3FV'l" MfNJt X"Z1NEW PROCESS HEATER.Let the New Process Gas Heater--do your heating. Sold byA. F. WHEELER & CO.SAVE YOUR COAL BILLS.bon county to receive penny donations from the pupils to supplementthe funds. There are a lot of pennieslying around loose in the pockets ofParis and Bourbon county daddieswaiting to be saved for the VisitingNurse Fund.Anent, are we going to save themfor the benefit of the needy sick?ASA LOSES!Col. Asa Martin, the veteran weather prophet, lost one best bet Saturday, when the snow he predicted forthat day failed to materialize ini Paris, at least. But like all otherWhen you get ready to lay in your I prophets, Col. Asa can be dependedwinter coal we can save you money, iupon to come torward with a satis-Phones 336.(15-tf)J. H. BATTERTON.factory (to him) explanation of why,etc.Charming Silk and Satin SkirtsDreSSeS The latest Fall Styles, finely tailored, madeof Serge, Cheviots and Crepes.Exclusive models in Basque and Redingate -effects, stylishly trimmed. Colors Russian . Ngrey, new blue, plum, brown, navy and WcllStS-. In the newest models and a wonderful va-Fashionable Serge " Flowered Chiffons, Roman striped,plain colored Crepe de Chine, Messalme NetsDreSSeS - and Laces., ,. ., , , - , Also, Crepes, Noiles and Batistes in VesteeBasque and Redingate Models, correctly effects,made, perfect fitting; in all the new shades. 'Tut i- j n MillineryMessalme and Crepejy . - - - Tailored Styles and Trimmed Hats, em-l ettlCOatS bodying the latest authentic styles, shapes,shades, trimmings and effects at prices as-In all the leading shades. tonishingly reasonable.Wc have a complete fine of Maish Laminated CottonDown Comforts, Tine Blankets, Table Linen, Napkins andTowels, Etc.We are sole agents for Eiffel Brand Hosiery, MunsingUnderwear and Warner's Rust Proof Corsets.MARRY SI MO INPARIS, KENTUCKYX&e .FALL RACE MEET BEGANAT LATONIA YESTERDAY1iA40:New Fall and Winter Model... IN ...EXCLUSIVE3fMILLINERYWe now have on display" the newestLate cAutumn and WinterDressy Hats for afternoonthe feature of thisdesigns ofcTWillinery.and evening.display.wear areEARLY SELECTIONS AREADVISABLE!XxX,:V!Embryo G& Co.cTWam Street, East.Lexington, Ky.The autumn racing season at Latonia, winch began yesterday, continues tor eighteen days, winding up onSaturday. November 7. Every indi-I mi-inn nrnnfa tr O ninst eilfPPCSf 111fall meeting at this point. The sportwill be participated in by the greatestnumber of horses that have ever racedon the Kentucky circuit tracks so farthis fall,as the big racing stringsnot participating in the race meetingat Churchill Downs will be increasedat Latonia with an addition of horsesshipped to the latter plant from theCanadian and Maryland race tracks.The book program for the comingmeeting will be distributed amonghorsemen early this week. ManagerJno. Hachmeister will also be at theLatonia track this week, with hisable assistant, Frank Bruen, and thecourse office has been opened up lorbnsiness, as well as the quarters occupied there by Secretary B. W. Maginn. There are four stakes to be decidedduring the coming meeting, all ofwhich are annual fixtures at thiscourse. On the opening day the Autumn Inaugural Handicap, at one mileand a sixteenth, will be decided.There is $2,000 added to this race,and such performers as Great Britain,John Gund, Buckhorn, Hodge, WaterBass and Winning Witch are a tewof the almost sure starters.The big feature race of the meeting, the Latonia Cup, with $2,500added, two miles and a quarter, isset for the closing day of the meeting, and Great Britain is eligible tothis stake, which has thirty-four entries, the greatest number of any ofthe long distance races in Kentuckythis autumm It is sure to be a briliant race under any condition, aswhere so many performers are engaged a number can drop by the wayside and still have a. sufficient field ofclass to make a good race. That theLatonia Cup has become one of themost popular of all the big events runoif in this State is illustrated forciblyby the record of last season, whenthe event was decided on a cold day,marked by a pourdown of both rainand snow, and still one of the largestcrowds that ever witnessed an afternoon's sport at an autumn meeting inKentucky saw the great race run.It may be said in explaining whywith horsemen the Latonia coursehasbecome under its present managementso popular, is that it is a fact thatin all the ups and downs of racingin this country there never has beena year since the course was .opened early in 1883 that Latonia has failed to hold both a spring or summer aswell as a fall meeting. No other tracknow operated in Kentucky, has such ashowing to its credit. (adv).vaV'A ZiSAVE PENALTY.The time is afoutup for paying CityTaxes. Pay NOW andsave 1 0 per cent penalty.DFATHSELLIOTTRELIGIOUSFollowing a four-weeks' illness of typhoid fever, Miss Drusie Elliott, aged27 years, daughter ot Mr. and Mrs.James Elliott, of tins county, died atMassie Memmorial Hospital, at noonSaturday. For a time Miss Elliottwas improving, but on Saturday suffered a relapse, the reaction involvingher heart, and death ensued.Miss Elliott is survived by her parents, who reside on the Clintonvillepike, near Paris, and two sisters, MissMay and Miss Edna Elliott. She wasrelated to the Elliotts, Ashursts andAkers, of Bourbon and Lexington, andwas a favorite with all who knew her,hoincr nnccocco1 rf a nniofr omntlo man."vi-.ij jjujui-kuv-ii vyj. i iuiv,m &v,i.n """' I ,. . . , . . -ii ,l -jner and was kind and loving towards U1"s IS ait" wS weu aweuaeu.all.She was one of the most popular and HOUSTON SCHOOL HONOR ROLL,successful teachers in the county, hav- ,.,,. , ,ins had charge of several district The follovnng pupils at the Houstonschools, and at the time of, her death School received excellent marks mwas Princinal of the Public Schools at tlieif studies during the month oi SepMillersburg, which position she filled J tember, and were placed on the honoracceptably last year. She was a grad-1 roll by their teacher, Miss Virginiaate of Bourbon College, was ambitious t r"rier: . , . ... , , . n.and studious; and attended a summer ! Mijton Adair 9o: Alice Adair. Pt:term at State College during the past an ltene", y. -uargarec xiaiueiu,summer.Mr. Norman Liver, of Perry ville,Ala., was a guest several days thepast week of Mr. and Mrs. Willis Liver, near Clintonville.The Ladies' Missionary Society ofthe Presbyterian Church held an interesting session with Mrs. Robert J.Neely, ath er home on Duncan avenue, yesterday afternoon.As a result of the Ham-Ramseymeetings in this city morning prayermeetings have been started in "theMethodist, Christian and Baptistchurches in Paris, the attendance ateach of them being large. A specialvesper service for young women hasbeen held in the Methodist church.each evening at 6:45 o'clock, and thisThe body was taken to the home ofher cousin, Miss Susie Ashurst, onPleasant street, where the funeral :was held yesterday afternoon at 2:30o'clock, services being conducted by 'Rev. W. E. Ellis, of the Paris Christian Church. Burial in Paris cemetery. The pall-bearers were ClarenceAshurst; Frank Higgins, Jno. Ashurst,Thos. Thorne, G. K. Jones and. Dr.Wm. Kenney.PEED.Mr. J. J. Peed, aged 69, one of thebest known residents of Millersburg,died at his home abput 4:45 o'clockyesterday morning of a complicationof disesases, after having been confined to his home for over a year. Hewas a native of Mason county, beinga son of Mr. and Mrs. Alfred Peed, ofMayslick. He is survived by his wife,who was formerly Miss Ruth Tabbof Dover, Mason county; one brother,Mr. Wm. Peed, of Lexington; onesister, Mrs. Mary Slack, of Sharpsburg, and two daughters, Misses Charline and Dorothy Peed.The funeral services wll take placethis afternoon from the late resi-dence, conducted by Rev. Mr. Goldsmith, assisted by Eld. C. O. Cossaboom. Mr. Peed was an officer in the Millersburg Baptist Church, of which hehad been a life-long member, a member of the City Council, a Mason,Knight Templar and Shriner." .92; Anna Bell Sidener, 93; BatriceHouston, 93; Russeil Current, 93;Howard Current, 93; Shirley Johnson,94; Jessie Smith, 91; Ersel Smith, 91.UNION CENTRALI LIFE INSURANCE CO.Strongest Company.Lowest Net Rate.Miss Kale AlexanderAGENTBIRTHS.VI ALSO SOLICITFire, Windand AutomobileInsuranceJ and will greatly appreciatejruui tuuaiucidiiuu.Bornj to the wife of Mr. Wilmott,formerly Miss Tommie" Brown, ofHutchisonj in the Rosedale Addition,Friday, a-daughter. -it4;'MISS'KATE ALEXANDER.,4"l"t-H'-M'-KM':,; 'iu'ffPViJ4-''h?2f-Xiv.3- --1-V3f' "vJ--:- xr'"sigFTwS?r?r?59EHAS THE BESTOP ALL LINES MADESAVE PENALTY.The time is aboutup for paying CityTaxes. Pay iNO Wandsave 1 0 per cent penalty.L M PERSONAL.!BOX SUPPER.There will be a box supper at theStony Point School on Thursdaynight, Oct. 22, at 7:30. The proceedsill go towavds the improvement oftlie school building. Everyone is cordially invited.HOW DOES THIS LISTEN?The Carlisle Democrat says: "Manydrunks were seen on our streets Sunday and Monday. We guess they hadbeard about Paris going dry on the1st of January anl we guess theythought they would help make it soby drinking it dry."TO ADMINISTER ON ESTATE.Mr. A. T. Henry has been appointedby County Clerk Pearce Paton, as administrator of Hie estate of his brother, James. B. Henry, who died at thelassie Memorial Hospital from theeffects of a fall from a tobacco barn.Mr. Henry qualified with Mr. John M.Clay as surety in $200 bond.The fury of the woman whogets into trouble and sees hername in the papers is as nothing compared with the scornof the woman -who dives aparty and finds that her nameis not printed in the papers.Moral Send us the newsand see that we get it.ADDS BEAUTY.Miss Alice Bohanon, of Lexington,is a guest of Miss Mary Woodford.Mrs. Rose Wallingford has as herguest Mrs. Phillips, of Middletown, O.Mrs. Margaret Taylor lias returned from a visit to relatives in Chicago.Mrs. W. D. Snapp is a guest ofher daughter, Mrs. G. Anderson, inLexington.Mrs. Russel Mann is visiting herson, Mr. Ray Mann, who has beenill, in Louisville.Mrs. Reuben Goldstein and son,Elmer, 'of Cincinnati, are guests ofMrs. Harry Simon.Dr. A. H. Keller is in Louisville attending the session of theGrand Lodge of Masons.Miss Ollie Chambers is a guest ofher father, Mr. Jno. B. Chambers andlamily, m Nicholasville.Mrs. L. J. Pretwell has returnedfrom a visit to her sis'ter, Mrs. NanniePriest, at Harrodsburg.Mr. J. W. Brambette has returnedfrom a visit to his daughter, Mrs. CarlC.-Robbins, in Winchester.Mrs. Frank P. Clay, of ShelbyCounty, is a guest of friends and relatives in this city and county.Mr. C. A. Jones, guest of Mr. andMrs. James Wilcox, has returned tohis home in Houston, Texas.Miss Duane Kiely, of Covington,spent Sunday with her grandmother,Mrs. E. C. Kiely, on Main street.Mr. Rodney Quinby, of Oklahoma !City, Okla., was the guest of Paris lrelatives several days last week.Mayor John T. Hinton has returned after a brief visit to his son, Mr.J. T. Hinton, Jr., at Huntington, W.Va.Mrs. Strother Mitchell, of Kansasis the guest of her parents, Dr. andMrs. R. D. Weaver, in ;North Middletown. Miss Fowler, who has been aguest of Miss Georgia Christman forseveral days, has returned to her homein Richmond.Capt. Jesse Napier, J. -CV. Taylor,Frank Graff, John Connell and HenryJ. Grosche left yesterday for a fishingtrip on the Kentucky River.Miss Alta Monin, of Oakland, Ky.,who isa student at Sayre Institute, inLexington, is a guest of Mrs. AliceSweeney on Higgins avenue.At a meeting of the Kentucky Divis-' Mrs. Robert Goggin was hostession of the United Daughters of the several days last week to Mrs. LucienPerryville, are guests of Mr. andMrs. Ernest Martin.Mr. O. L. Davis and Mr. W. H.j Harris will visit Martinsville, Ind.,I this week for a brief 'stay.Mrs. Russell Dyche, who has beena guest of her brothers, Ernest andWalter Martin, lias returned to herhome is London, Ky.Mr. Bush Bishopj a former resident of Bourbon County, who has beenvisiting old friends in this city andcounty, has returned to his new homein South Carolina.Miss Grace Donaldson,- who hasbeen ill for several days, at her homeon Mt. Airy, is somewhat better. Hersister, Miss Margaret Donaldson, ofLexington, is with her.Miss Anna Eads Peed is a guestof Prof, and Mrs. W. L. Dawson, atLagrange, Ky. At the conclusion ofher visit there she will go to Louisville to visit Miss Redmon.frpmtwo to thfeetomeetJ?Mr3. OscarTavlrt Uintnn V r V .jw uiuiuu. " i" t -i. . 3 31 ;- jMr. Fred "W. ttnssptt --W Mt stw- .Effective Saturday October it. fhiling,was a visitor in Paris, Yesterday, passenger trains leavine Paris dailvMr. and Mrs. James Banta, of except Sunday at'noon-and'6:45 p. m. 2rior Uynthiana and returning at 3il0 p.m. will be discontinued.A train will leavs i'aris at 6:20 a.1m.-, arrive Cynthiana 6:48, returningleave Cynthiana 7,00 a. m except Sundays. - ' iThe train leaving :Paris at 5:35aJm. for Maysville and returning at10:00 a. m. will also be discontinued.1There will be no trains on the Parisand Maysville branch on Sundays.These reductions in rain serviceare caused by decreased business andunfavorable outlook for the near fu-jjture. It is hoped that the train ser-vice may be restored when businessimprovesCHANGE, TIME:TAfLy.-),iiiill ,,,,,,,, ,, I, , ft,,,,',SES9SUPPLEMENTAL REGISTRATION.Trains No. 32 and No. 33, goingSouth and North respectively on theL. & N. Railroad, nave been madeconsiderably more popular by the addition of up-to-date observation carsv 7iich were put into service October1 , and have attractel much attention.Iey are modern in every respect andpre quite an attractive addition to thealready popular trains.BOARD ELECTS NEW MEMBER.Mr. C. O. Hinton, at a recent meeting of the Bourbon County Board ofEducation, was elected to fill out theunexpired term of Mr. C. Arnsparger,President of the Board, who died afew weeks ago. At the same meeting Mrs. Pope, of Eminence, sister ofRev. W. E. Ellis, of Paris, was elected as an extra teacher in the fifthand sixth grades.There were severalether applicants but Mrs. Pope wasgven the preference on account ofher large and successful experience.MRS. C. C. LEER HONORED.The annual supplemental registration for the benefit of city voterswho did not register at the regularregistration on October 6 last, willbe held at the Court House, October26, 27 and 28.- Only those who wereill or absent from the city on October 6 will be allowed to participatein the supplemental registration.Voters who were out of the city orill on the day of the regular registration must enroll themselves at thesuplemental registration if they expect to participate in the Novemberelection or in the August primary.THE BEST HEATER AND RANGEGet the New Process Gas Rangeand Heater, from the leading stoveman.A. F. WHEELER & CO.The Clarke's Remedies,COAL AND COKE.Phone your orders for highestgrades of coal and coke to us. Promptattention to all orders. Give us a trial.We have good kinding also.CHAS. S. BRENT & BRO.(oct i6-2t)IWARNING NOTICE.Confederacy, held vt Frankfort lastweek Mrs. Chas. G. Leer, of nearParis, was re-elected Historian of thedivision. All of the other State officers, eligible to re-election, were reelected, and Mrs. James Camp, of Louisville, was elected Treasurer, the onlynew officer chosen.G. Maltby. and daughter. Miss MaryPage Maltby, of Mason countyDrivers of vehicle-.; and automobilesre warned against violating thetraffic regulations or Paris. All drivers are cautioned to keep to the rightof the street, and, when stopping,must be on the righi side of the streetin the direction they are going.Drivers of automobiles are herebywarned that violations of the speedlaw' and all other traffic regulationswill be enforced to the letter.FRED LINK,(20-tf) Chief of Police.r- ""'"TrTrT. ?We now 'own all the patents an d copyrights of the late Dr.Chas. J. Clarke. Dr. Upington will continue to put up these r- Aiw icmcmca uuuei uio ungiuai jiarKe ionnuia, ana we willhave them in stock -at all times.Among the best known are Clarke's Nerve Ease, Clarke's Tonic, Clarke's Face Powder, Parisine Cream, Clarke's Tooth Wash,and Clarke's Cough Medicine. xAlso the following Poultry and Live Stock Remedies: Clarke'sLimberneck and ,Roup Remedy, Clarke's Liquid Poultry Tonic,Clarke's Gape Remedy, Condition Powder for Stock, and Clarke'sHog Remedy.We want to supply these preparations to their many old friendsand know they are deserving of new friends. We recommendespecially Clarke's Nerve Ease for headache, and neuralgia, andClarke's Limberneck and Roup Remedy for Poultry disorders.These preparations have all been thoroughly tested and hareproven their merit.Your prescriptions accurately filled.The Ardery Drug Co.Clarke's Old Stand."I-Tl-frifttfrifriTnTuTjCOUNTY JUDGE PRO TEM.By order of the County Court Magistrate Robert O. Turner, of the Parisprecinct, has been appointed CountyJudge pro tern to act during the absence of County Judge Chas. A. McMillan, who is in Louisville attendingthe sessions of the Grand Lodge ofMasons of Kentucky. Mr. Turner assumed the duties of the office yester-Mrs. Hush Clencenin has returned day and will have authority to presideto her home in Eminence after a visit i at all trials or to conduct prosecuto Mr. and Mrs. Rov Clendenin and I tions and to act in all other judicialj capacities during the absence of JudgeMcMillan.FLOCK OF WILD GEESEPASSES OVER PARIS.A large flock of wild geese passed j ton, spent the week-end at the homeover Paris, Friday night, en route I of Mrs. Alice Ware, on Cypress street.to the Sunny South. Their honkings ' Miss Lillian Hall has returned tocould be heard sevev al minutes. For a ! her home at Clifton, Ohio, atter aniime the birds seemed to become con- extended visit to her aunt, Mrs. J. W.fused by the lights of, the city and ' Huffman, and family, on North MainMr. and Mrs. Charles Clendenin.The Daughters' of the Confederacy will hold their regular meeting atI their rooms in .the Court House onj Saturday afternoon at 2 : 30 o'clock., ,. TT .,, Kn' 4. t.;., ! Get the New Process Gas HeaterlrTi11""., n" 1 and Range-the kind that saves youGARLANDSTOVESAND .RANGESQuality Unexcelled.Prices Lower Than Most.Satisfaction Guaranteed.Paris 0a$$!ecfric Co.(Incorporated)!IiMMI,I,C'0C',I"?00''!"I''I"I"I4'I'M,'XwI'I"?,i!'I"I"Ii'I"I"''I'l'441itiThomas. Woodford if& BryanIxPIRE, WIND AIND LIGHTNINGINSURANCEON TOBACCO AND BARNS.PROMPT SETTLEMENTS..i'prripip'pititi!i-tlMVXMNpVV2'H7 MXfvaIavHOUSEKEEPERS.flew around in circles. They finallyregained their bearings and continuedtheir .flight.It is said that hundreds of wildducks and other water fowls havemoney and work!A. F. WHEELER & CO.visited the creeks and ponds of the i Floridastreet.Mrs;. Robert Brown, who has beena guest of her father-in-law, Mr. JohnBrown, on South Main street, left Friday for her winter home at Miami,county in the past two days, havingbeen driven in by the recent heavystorms and heavy rains throughoutthe Northern States.INVITATION.Mrs. Mary Mangum and Mrs. Hardin and daughter, Miss Ella, who havebeen guests of Mr. and Mrs. CharltonAlexander, have returned to theirhome in New Orleans.Mrs. Mabel Clark and daughter,Miss Mary Logan Clarke, left Satur-Ladies, come and bring the chil- day tor los Angeies, -".; ' "dran and Ipf Mrs. PpIcI m tliPm im Will reside in Uie luuire wxlii nei sis-vith their Fall and Winter school ter, Mrs. Jack Lazwell.Qj10es I Rev. and Mrs. O. J. Chandler, of(octl6-tf) FELD'S SHOE STORE, j Harrodsburg, were visitors in Paris,j Friday and Saturda;. and attended themnflfiiKre of thp Tnhprnar.lfi. Rev.Pitr-ArtA fnr--i-r-r - I .- I lUCCLlUfi '' v -..wtur.u AKKtDitu jin t-Auat ! pi,on,i,PRETENSES CHARGE, g Methodist ChurchT . , . Mrs. J. S. Sweeney's guests, Mrs.nenry irving, coioreu, was arrest- . Gwamav QTir1 tWn rlnn-hlPrs.at Kisertcn, yesterday morning, ". '. owpnev nnfi Mrg. HueliTREES!Fruit and Shade Trees, Shrubs,Grape Vines, Rhubarb, Asparagus, Peonies, Phlox,Roses, Etc.Everything for Orchard, Lawn, and Garden.No Agents. Eree Catalogs.-m-.,ii. i.-.t. fnriiorlv nocnr rS fhpI VyllUiiUICi. HUO i.uiiui.ij v w- wodand brought to Paris by Sheriff W. G. mer and the latter,g daugilter, MissovmiLuciv auu iuiuiau cu. w . . clementine Miller, have returned toJudy, on a charge of obtaining moneyunder false pretense. Irving went toMr. R.. A. Cooper, and representingthat he had been sent to him to get?10 with which to pay a fine for oneof Mr. Cooper?s employes, whom herepresented as boing -in jail here.Mr. Cooper turned over the money,investigation whichfact that Irving haddevelopedconvertedthethetheir home in Coumbus, Ind.Past Grand Master Jos. H., Ewaltand M. H. H. Davis, of this city,Principal Conductors of the Work inthe Grand Council of the Grand Lodgeof Masons of Kentucky, left Sundayfor Louisville to attend the sessionsbut becoming suspicious, started an of the Grand Lodge, which convenesthere to-day.The following announcement cardmoney to hS own use. Irving was i has been received:placed in jail here to await -examin-1 "Mrs. Mar$ E. Redmon announcesing trial. j the marriage of her grand-daughter,May Eloise yuinoy anu mi: w-jy jju"BISHOP'S DAY" EXERCISES.The Fall Conference of the Woman's Auxiliaries of the LexingtonDiocese of the Episcopal Church willbe held at St. Peter's Church, inParis, on Wednesday, Oct. 21. Thepurposes of the Conference are to receive spiritual instruction from thecien Bacchus, Wednesday evening,October the fourteenth, nineteen hundred and fourteen. At home 113 Evergreen Street, Youngstown, Ohio."Mr. and Mrs. William C. Barnesand Miss Marie Barnes, of SanibelIsTand, Fla., passed through Paris, ennt lmme from Frankfort, where! they had been the guests of Mr. and.bivu. ..... -- . r-mrrr Tivi nlrlitl KPTTV. HT. JUI11-. .. ..I VI I-v; lifjjicc r l aumiu -.-w-r,tfisnop and to secure the co-operation " . Mr and Mrs Barnes andof the various auxiliaries. K " . ,!, hvo hPPn in Vir-The program includes spiritual in- the summer, have been withstratum from the Bishop; message , a Kentucky for six weeks,from the President-Emeritus Miss . Sgpeople have the most pleasantMary Harrison; addresses by the Pres- i ;pa",letion of the good people, whoWent. Miss Kate Scudder, Mrs. L W. i "lere during thl famous "BarnesBarton, Miss Virginia I. Read, Educa-1 e here aunngtion Secretary; Mrs. J. R. Cowan, j meetings md"Miss Mary Moore Davis; Mrs. Henry ' -Mrs- John Smith and Miss StellaCook Salamond and the United , Cook, of Cynthiana were guests sev-S SeCFetary' MISS CarlinJJ A'lMrs Tc.JSThe Visitors will be guests of the home, "Sunland," near this city Mr.Weomen's Auxiliary of St. Peter s . and Mrs. Cleveland enterfa "jed toeOhurch at luncheon at 1:00 p. m. on lloxfinelWednesdav Mrs. Smith and Miss Cook. Missweanesdas. , Dunnington, Miss Clarke,, Mr. Gallo-i wav and Mr. Bishop.HOW TO SAVE MONEY. ' j The following invitations "have beeni -cgjgdBuy a New Process Gas Heater "Mrs. William Oscar Hinton re-and Range, from I guests the pleasure' of your company1. F. 'HILLENMEYERhim jLexington, Kentucky,20oclm1 THE S: DENTIST'SfOEOur ROBO TOOTH PASTEis the enemy of the dental profession whereverit is used. The use ofthis paste once a daywill keep your teethwhite and free from decay. The finest pastemade for acid mouth.It is put up in collapsibletubes and sells for 20cents. It is clean, pureand free from" grit, andit is plasant to user Weguarantee every packagethat goes out of our store.If it proves unsatisfactory, we give you yourmoney back.We sell guaranteed ToothBrushes, too.Peoples Pharmacy, PARIS, KY.Doyle Building 8th and Main"Watch Our Windows."hih4fiou$htloptlie MkfLm m. t -it w " , Mtamadstorimry 21 kune.ThereforesThat which you buy should be worth buying. We use Ievery endeavor to keep a stock or theVery Best Furniture, Rugs, .: Wall Papersi- and will be much pleased to have YOU come and iii-'fvesugaie. w e nanaie noining secona nana.THE J. T. HINTON COMPANY-Paris, Kentucky Phones 36Undertaking Ambulance Wood MantelsMcDougal Kitchen Cabinets. .Foster Bros. Safety CrifoVri4. F. WHEELER, & CO. ' on Friday, October, the twenty-third,Gfe.(ivM&as-vlt "Vri-s ieTj. 'r - ' rt-'-,,iV V'; '$-": ifs"vM-h- X.i.i5 x s. it-5 f- PJ&- .iVTJffe BOURBON .NEWS, PARJS,KElfrOCKY,C?OJffift ; 0 1M--TVV r-a f, . '--vj n ir- " r-- ''3..MiIV$ifIiX.k'5rmYOUR STOMACHAND LIVER HEALTHY.JL Tigorous Stomach, perfect workteg: liver and regular acting Bowels-im gmaranteed if you use Dr. King's3eir Life Pills. They insure goodDigestion, correct Constipation andhave -an. excellent tonic effect on the'Whole system Purify your blood andrid you of all body poisons through.the Bowels. Only J5c at your druggist. 1 (oct-adv)1 1 1 II 1 M'l'i'fr'I' M"M"I"!--I"MI..StraussBros.& Co sNewNo. 8I On Sale at All !-Cigar Stercf. IBtTVl'l',llV,MI'vVV,I,WV,I,V,I,,I,,I,,Il,M2IS!KECPCigarHOWR1 i Is l( Worth Insuring?Certainly?itAsk us to give you the ?rates. We give especial at-tention to all farm business.Try us. Call 36 or 171 day,56 night.44'fI 3 W. 0. HINTON liSSTiiSSr& SON,THE NEW FIRMv5"S"s,'5"5MHM3,,5Ms',5Hi ATTEJVTfOSPEOPLE!Do You Know We Handlethe CelebratedI!!iii:XXI Detroit JewellI Gas Stoves & RangesXCome and See. OurX Prices Are Right.Plumbing and ElectricalContractors.Estimates Freely Given.Try Us.ELKS' BUILDING.E. T. Phone 103Home Phone101For Sale.Pay Saddle and Blanket forrt. Inquire at News office, tfFor Rent.j fnae liouse on Second street.Ilplj t 315 Pleasant Street, E. T.le 276, or at Paris BookE.'T, Telephone 562.. Rooms For Rent.JPmtniMktei. rooms for rent in a confartrtte home close to business centmej JJ1 conveniences; convenient toRoe, opera liouse, churches, etc.at tkis office.SPBGLGnLUKE McLUKE SAYS.(Cincinnati-Ensuirer.) - -If you coul reduce your weight bydrinking beer there wouldn't be anyfat people in the world.What has become of the old-fashionedman who used to dave his cigarashes to clean his teeth? 'The felow who carries a mascotcan't see why people can be so superstitious as to believe in hooloos.They claim that great wealth willkeep you out of Reaven. But Lukeis not lad who is willing to acceptthe wealth and take a chance.When a man rents a house he wantsto see if the cellar is damp. Whena woman rents a house she wants tosee how many closests there are ineach room.Calling it Light Housekeeping doesnot keep Friend Husband from gettingdyspepsia.A Princess would Tather marry a fellow who has cute dimples than a ladwho has a forehead. And then wewonder why the divorce lawyers always have a wad of change.State of Ohio, City of Toledo,Lucas County ssFrank J. Cheney makes oath thathe is senior partner of the firm ofF. J. Cheney & Co., doing businessin the City of Toledo, County andState aforesaid, and that said firmwill pay the sum of ONE HUNDREDDOLLARS for each and every caseof Catarrh that cannot be cured bythe use of HALL'S CATARRHCURE.FRANK J. CHENEY.Sworn to before me and subscribed in my presence, this 6th day ofDecember, A. D. 1886.(Seal) A. W. GLEASON,Notary Public.Hall's Catarrah Cure is taken Internally and acts directly upon theblood and mucous surfaces of thesystem. Send for testimorials, free,system. Send for testimonials, free.Take Hall's Family Pills for constipation. Address: F. J. CHENEY & CO.,Toledo, O.(oct-adv)Why is it that a prima donna can'treach a top note unless she clutchesat her gizzard and pats it?HOPELESSLUNGTROUBLE CURED.Many recoveries from LungTroubles are due to Dr. Bell's Pine-Tar-IIoney.It strengthens theLungs, checks the Cough and givesrelief at once. Mr. W. S. Wilkins,Gates, N. C, writes: "I used Dr.Bell's Pine-Tar-Honey in a casegiven up as hopeless and it effecteda complete cure." Get a bottle ofDr. Bell's Pine-Tar-Honey and ifyour cough is dry and hacking let ittrickle down the throat, you willsurely get relief. Only 25c at yourDruggist.-' - (oct-adv)Weather conditions may effect otherthings, but the crop of chorus girlsand wild oats is always a thiving one.i APPLY SLOAN'S FREELYfor the lumbagof Your attacks of Lumbago are notnearly so hopeless as they seem.( You can relieve them almost in-stantly by a simple application ofl Uil LUC IJcLUtV clllUis a form ot rheu-1 matism, and yields perfectly to4 ' Sloan's, which penetrates quickly allin through the sore, tender muscles,limbers up the back and makes iti feel fine. Get a bottle of Sloan'sLiniment for 25 cents of any drug-, gist and have it in the houseagainst colds, sore and swollenr ' joints, rhenmatism, neuralgia, stiatica and like ailments. Your moneyback if not satisfied, butgive almost instant relief.itdoes(oct-adv)If all men ax ere as good as everyman's wife tells him the man next; door is,Hthis would be a mighty good1world. 485sFOR RENT.Two office rooms over DepositBank, lately occupied by Dr. Clara B.Mathews. Applv to undersigned.(29-tf) DEPOSIT BANK.PARIS INTERURBANSCHEDULECITY CAR ONLY.LVe. Court House.7:10 a m7.45 a m8.15 a m8.45 a m9.15 a m9.45 a m10.15 a m10.45 am '11.15 a m11.45 a m12:05 p m12.45 p m1.15 p m1.45 p m2.15 p m2.45 p m3.15 p m '3.45 p m4.15 p m t5.15 p m5.40 p m.6.05 p m6.30 p mCity Limits Only.Lve. Station 547.15 a m8.00 a m8.30 a m9.00 a m9.30 a m10.00 a m, 10.30 a m11.00 a m11.30 a m11.50 a m12.15 p m1.00 p m1.30 p m2.00 p m. 2.30 p m3.00 p m3.30 p m4.00 p m5.00 p m5.30 p m5.50 p m6.15 p m6.40 p m!KENTUCKY TRACTION & TERMJNAL COMPANY.Interurban Schedule.Leave Lexington Leave ParltFor Parisfor Lexington6:45 a m7:30 a m8:15 a m9:00 am9:45 a m11:15 a m12:45 p m2:15 p. m3:45 p m4:30 p mv 5:15 p m6:05 p m6:50 p m8:15 p m6.00 a m7:20 a m8:00 a m8:50 a m10:20 a m11:50 a m1:20 p in2:50 q. m3:30 p m4:20 p m5:00 p m6:00 p m7:20 p m9:10 p m11:00 p mDaily except Sunday10; 05 p miHIGH AUTHORITY ON 1!C HEALTHDECLARES CLEAR ICE IS GERM FREEiDr. Hugh S. Cummings Says the Process of Crystallizing ExpelsMatter Even in Rivers Known to Be Polluted Tests Are,Made in PondsSome Danger When Ice Is DraggedAcross Streets and Exposed to Dirty Hands. "Washington. Dr. Hugh S. Cummings of the United States publichealth service, has written a cheerfulstory of ice that tends to dispel muchof the fear that disease may be produced as readily by ice as by water.Moreover, the story is readable, forDoctor Cummings has the art of making his subject attractive, even thoughthe subject is only frozen water.According to Doctor Cummings,clear ice, frozen in plenty of free water which can take up the unsanitaryparticles of bacteria expelled by thefreezing process, is of itself as freefrom danger of conveying infectiousdisease as we need wish. Dirty orcloudy ice may be dangerous andshould not be placed in water or onfood when it is to be eaten uncooked.We may eliminate all danger by avoiding the handling of ice with dirtyhands, by washing the ice with purewater and by using only clear ice.How Hindus Make Ice.Going into the romantic origin of theart of cooling food and drinks, DoctorCummings points out how the Hinduin the northern provinces of Indiafrom time immemorial has wrappedhis porous jug, filled with water boiledto expel air, with wetter cloths, tboevaporation from which makes iceduring cold, clear nights. The Indian of the tropics and the cowboy ofthe plains still take advantage of theabstraction of heat by evaporation. Romance tells us how the chivalrousSaracen, Saladin, sent to his crusaderenemy, him of the lion heart, snowice from the mountains to assuage hisfever. But until last century the storing and use of ice was a merely localmatter.With the increased necessity fortransporting food long distances andthe demand for ice in places to whichit -vas difficult toieliver natural ice,attempts were made 'to invent somepracticable method of artificially producing ice.Artificial Ice Now Common,o About 1S68 Carre invented his ice"machine, and later Doctor Gorrie,whose statue now in the Statuary hall,in the national capitol, shows Florida'sappreciation .of his worth, increasedits usefulness. It was not until thelate 'SOs, however, that the artificial' cial successj,.VUUV,UUIl J. 1V.V UV-,U11.V t V-W..T.Wirkvnriimr-inn of mo nano-ma o onmmop.Within these thirty-odd"years methods have been perfected.,! i v,-,i ; ...i a. . .. .. ,. ., 'x-uu""'' """ iu" ' uurl"J i " uif but the poore-st and most isolated ofour people are deprived of its bless- iings.But one principle is involved in theformation of ice, which is that whentwo substances of unequal temperature are in contact the warmer substance gives up heat until both areof the same temperatureImportant phenomena occur duringthis change. First, like most othersubstances, water contracts as itgrows colder until it reaches 4 de-J srees centigrade, or 39.1 degrees Fah-1 renheit,It then begins to expand,i ., . . ,. , , ,, . TTrso inai ice is iignier uian waier. werethis not- true, our northern waterswould be frozen from the bottom andall fish killed. 'Foreign Matter Expelled.The second phenomenon, one common to the crystallization of all substances, and one well known to chemists, but until recently overlooked bysanitarians, is that during crystallization nearly all extraneoussubstanceseither in suspension or solution are ex-I pelled from -the crystal; indeed, crysi tallization is a common method em-- pjoyed by chemists to obtain chemically pure substances.Doctor Cummings makes it clearthat ice, whether natural or artificial,may, and sometimes does carry disease, and that heat will destroy bacteria much more readily than cold,nevertheless -he shows that the freezing process operates powerfully to render ice safe for human consumption.This ice while freezing expels about 90per cent of the organisms living in it,provided it is surrounded by enoughfree water to gfve these a place to go.For this reason ice cut in shallowponds may be less wholesome thanthat taken from deep water.Freezing Kills Typhoid Germ.Again, freezing destroys a large per -ceutage of typhoid bacilli. Sedgwick in water up to her shoulders for nearand Winslow found in one experiment j ly an uour before others arrived tothat-only 41 per cent were alive 14 1 get the mother and babe out of theirminutes and 22 per cent six hours 1 pernoua situation,after freezing. More, important than The gtrange accident and rescuethis even Is the factor of time, for ( were on the plantation of Elijah Chrisnelther water nor ice is a suitable me- t0Ilf where Mrs. Dodgen Is visiting,dium for the multiplication of typhoid ut ior e qujck rescue by her mothbacilli, and there is a progressive de-' er tne child undoubtedly would havecrease. So far as this element is , dmwned as the water war mnroconcerned, it is manifest that naturalice has the advantage of longer storage. Edward Bartow, director of the Illinois state water survey, found in onecase with 12,000 bacteria in the rawwater, that there were but 123 in theice; in another 520 were reduced to 3;675 to 6; 1,400 to 22. In every casethere was practically 99 per cent reduction. Gas forming bacteria (whichmay indicate the presence of typhoid)were also greatly reduced.Ice From Polluted Water.Dr. Hilbert W. Hill, director of epi-I demiology for the Minnesota stateboard of health, has told us of icetaken from rivers known to be polluted which proved safe, and DoctorPorter has shown the same thing tobe true of ice from the Hudson river.Dr. Edwin O. Jordan, professor ofbacteriology In the University of Chicago, tested 18 lakes, rivers and pondsin New England, and found on the average, the unfrozen water to contain34 times as many bacteria as thefreshly formed ice, a reduction of about98 per cent. Regarding the effect ofstorage, Professor Jordan says: "Allinvestigators are now agreed thatthree weeks after freezing less than 1per cent remain alive."Small Percentage of Bacilli.Elaborate experiments conducted byProf. William T. Sedgwick of theMassachusetts Institute of Technology,Prof. C. E. A. Winslow of New Yorkand Dr. W. H. Park of the New Yorkcity department of health show thatonly from 1 to 10 per cent of the bacteria in water are included in icefrozen from it, and that of these about90 per cent (96.4 per cent, accordingto Sedgwick and Winslow and 86 percent according to Park) die within aweek, and 99.8 per cent die withinthree weeks, so that only one-tenthof 1 per cent of the original numberremain.Thus it is seen that three greatforces, crystallization, temperatureand time all work together to rid iceof the menace to health found in water. Doctor Cummings finds that icefrom pure water in clean factoriesand natural ice cut trom deep lakesand stored under sanitary conditionsare equally safe. Any dirty or cloudyice, he says, may be infected as wellas polluted, and should not be used.The greatest danger connected withice is improper handling. If ice isdragged across dirty streets and sidewalks and distributed by dirty hands,there is some danger from it.WOMEN TOIL FOR LITTLE PAYAsk Commission for Privilege of Receiving Less Than MinimumPrescribed,Olympia, Wash. The unusual feature of industrial workers pleading fortlia nrnriloan r$ nrkT1rin re -Prw "r-tr"u y - """"& """?? 1& uusc"u u Lue """J""Welfare commission, following the es-tabhshment of the S10 weeklysxu -veekiy minimum wage for -women -working in"""""- wamwumtm LU&CIUC1I wiiu iiit; leguiLuioiis ieiuuve 10 apprenticeslnps.A considerable number of women jand girls have applied to the comnns- jsion for the privilege ot working for Ithe apprentice wage established $G,for the first six months and' $7.50 forthe second six months notwithstanding the fact that they have in manycases had enough experience to entitlethem to the regular minimum wageof $10.Others who have had six months'experience, and are therefore entitledto the $7.50 minimum provided for thesecond six months of an apprenticeship, are asking the commission togrant them the privilege of workingfor a lower wage.Applications are also coming in, it isstated, for special permits to workfor less than the minimum wage.This is allowable under the minimumwage law in cases where a woman tis"physically defective or crippled byage or otherwise." The commissionwill issue no such special permits foranj; other reason than actual physicalinability to earn a minimum wage.Labor Commissioner E. W. Olson,chairman of the Industrial Welfarecommission, states that he has received no complaints of violation ofthe minimum wage law as appliedin the mercantile industry.MOTHER SAVES BABY CHILDWoman Then Stands Up to Her Shoulders in Water Till HelpArrived.Colquet, La. Jumping down Into awell in which her little daughter hadfallpn a few minutes hefore. Mrs "R' D. Dodgen of Thornton. Ark., stood-" " - - ..- "-u V.than four feet deep.Fifty Needles Removed.Boston. While 20 noted physicians'. looked on, Dr. Harry H. Germain, ofthis city removed 50 needles from thebody of Miss' Marion Gibbs, who livesin a Boston suburb. Miss Gibbs toldthe physicians she had swallowed theneedles, which were from one to threeinches in length, so that she would suffer. Relatives thought until an X-rayexamination was made that she had in-digestion, and she was treated for thatailment by'several physicians.,vYflroSB? bbbbbbbblBbbbbbbbbbbbbbb?'iv" v)Fvl y . N-j-jyrgSJBBBBBBBJMISSED! The 2:30!-What else has he missed?AN OPPORTUNITY TC. Perhaps he didn't know the train time, his watch was wrong.C If he had had a phone he could have learned the train schedule; hecould have learned the correct time.4L And in nine cases out of ten he could have telephoned and savedhours of time and not missed" that opportunity. .0, The telephone in your house brings order into your life.VFind out about our service todayCbe Paris Rome telephone and Cekgrapb Co(Incorporated)J. J. VEATCH, District Manager.aJall jiurAREComplete.KIRSCHBAUM GUARANTEEDCLOTHES$15:00 and $20.00Other Values $10 00 and $12.50.I Shoes $2.50 to $5.00. Full Line ofj 1Boys' Clothing. Give .Us a CalLTsxruLiClothing and Shoe Department.WOLLSTEIN, PropO r COYUfl1M-KINDLYTwin Bios. Department sioie,Seventh and MainA Legally GUARANTEED CUREThink of it.Mr. Farmer, here's a remedy for hoff cholera 4Fam Unfl Sthat Is sold tinder a "Legal Guarantee Bond." How, wcan you afford to take chances against hogr cholera AknlAnfl Vwhen you oan cet this remedy on such terms? Villi mSmtM fnouraon nog unoiera neiiMdy mhmhmmIs the only remedy ever put up that is guaranteed to cure and preventhog cholera. It does the work better than any other known remedy. Ifit did not, it would not be sold on such a strong guarantee. At AllDniiilsts. Write for free boeklet telling how to save your bogs. xr BOURBON REMEDY COMPANY. Lcxiaeton. Ky.CHAS. B. HARRIS, Cashier.tnesNOW-FallAnnouncement All the LatestFall Styles in.Dress Goods;Dry Goods,millinery, (c.We Can Please YouBargain Prices.ATCALLSts., Paris, KyBroswf-IM$::-vw.-fWiat.-fA-v -Vw'wA "rT k,Ch,.h J-V..h.V?.Kr$ - .134 .'f - - -4Vk, 4. v ri -t.J. -v ., SlV - V'Vn 1f rUniIHEBOURBON NEWSias, KE!GKYhOCTOBER;i20 tMv,tiH-iWimm99cta9t3999n''999999999999?4It Is Time Tor You to' ThinkAboutHEATINGSTOVESWe Have Every Kind of Beating andCookingStove Made!THE RADJANT HOME best heater inthe'world.THE CELEBRATED WILSON J GASHEATER.THE O. K. LINE OF COOKING STOVES.Theyghavenoequal.in fact everything from the smallest tothcjlargest.j See our line and get ourPrices.iIF CHILD IS CROSS,FEVERISHiSICKtLook, Mother! If Tongue Is CoatedGive "California Syrupof Figs."j t&rILowry & Talbott.99999WALTER MARTINERNEST MARTIN"NEW LIVERY STABLE!999999999m9999999m99999?9tNew Carriages, Buggies, RunaboutsEtc. Special Attention Given toWeddings, Funerals, Parties,Dances, Etc.IChildren love this "rfuit laxative,"and nothing eles cleanses the tenderstomach, liver and bowels so nicely.A child simply will not stop playingto empty the bowels, ond the result is,they become tightly clogged withwaste, liver gets sluggish, stomachsour, then your little one becomescross, half-sick, feverish, don't eat,sleep or act naturally, breath is bad,system full of cold, has sore throat,stomach-aihe or diarrhoea. Listen,Mother! See if tongue is coated, thengive a teaspoonful of "California Syrup of Figs," and in a few hours allthe constipated waste, sour bile andundigested food passes out of the system, and you have a well, playfulchild again.Millions of mothers give "CaliforniaSyrup of Figs" because it is perfectlyharmless; children love it, and it never fails to act on the bowels.Ask your druggist ror a 50-cent bottle of "California Syrup of Figs,'which has. full directions for babies,children of all ages nd for grown-upsplainly printed on the bottle. Bewareof counterfeits sold here. Get thegenuine, made by "California FigSyrup Company." k Refuse any otherkind with contemp.(Advertisement.)(Cincinnati Enquirer.) 'Some girls have o little "hair ontheir-heads and so much on their upper lips that you would imagine theywould spend a little time curling themustache. But they don't.vThe man who said beauty is onlyskin deep lived before face powderwas invented.Why is it that a bartender will always lay your change in front of someother felMw?We never think of erecting a monument to a man until he is dead anddof sn't care a hang whether we honorhim or not.The Feminfst movement may peprogressing. But it will be a longtime before we will require a devicethat will transmit kisses by wireless.People who live in glass housesshouldn't wipe their noses on theirfingers.A woman's way for making up forlost time is to waste a few hourspainting her face.Married women know that all menare alike. But married men imagineall women are different.Professional Cards!Dr. Wm. Kenney,PARIS, KENTUCKY.Office 514 Main Street.Office Phones j QResidence136.136.( E. T. 334.Home 334.DR. A. B KJBLIiER,Practicing Physician.Offices, Rooms 4 and 5, Elk's BldgParisKentuckyj MM 9mI MBarber Shop. .Prompt and Courteous Attention to All Patrons. ,VEOT AND COLD BAIIS.J J. WmLIAMS,ATTORNEY-AT-LAWRoom 1 Elks Building.It loesn't lo a married woman anygood to announce that marriage is afailure. The single girls are all fromMissouri.YOURFALL COLDNEEDS ATTENTION.Horses Boarded By Day, Week or Month!Hauling of Every Description Done.ness a Specialty.Transfer Busi-Our stables on Eighth Street will continue under themanagement of Mr. Walter Martin and the Main Streetplace will be run by Mr. Ernest Martin.MARTIti BROS.!Stables EigthjSt., MainSt.i'Both Phones:&No use to fuss and try to wear itout. It will wear you out instead.Take Dr. King's New Discovery, reKef follows quickly. It checks yourCold and Soothes your Cough away.Pleasant, Antiseptic and Healing.Children like it. Get a 50c bottlekeep it in the house. "Our familyCough and Cold Doctor" writesLewis Chambejrlain, Manchester, O.Money back if not satisfied, but itnearly always helps.(oct-adv)When they are first, married thebrile is afraid to ask him for money.But a year lated he is afrai dto comehome with a dime missing from hispay envelope.WHY NOT PUBLISH IT?When you want a fact to becomegenerally known, the right way is topublish it. Mrs. Joseph Kalians,Peru, Ind., was troubled with belching, sour stomach and frequent head-aches. She writes: "I feel it myduty to tell others what Chamberlain's Tablets have done for me.They have helped my digestion andregulated my bowels. Since usingthem I have been entirely well."For sale by all dealers.. (oct-adv)How Plants Save Their Lives.Many plants are equipped with wonderful weapons fortheir defense. Thethorns of the rose bush, bramble andgorse prevent cows and horses fromeating them, as well as keep off snailsand slugs.Cactus-plants have a formidable armor of prickles and daggers. Theplant known as the Spanish bayonetis armed with taper-pointed spearsthat have filelike edges.Some plants, such as the raggedrobin, have sticky stems covered withfine hairs, to which insects stick ifthey climb up to try to steal thehoney. .The sun spurge has a poisonousjuice which kills insects, while thepoisonous properties of the deadlynightshade are well known. Thebracken fern has such a bitter tastethat cows and sheep will not touch it.Bell TelephoneBulletinsv7 THE SUBSCRIBER'S IMPORTANT PARTIS YOUR .DIAAIiDirU9ULUVirmviiPoor Bloodis the indirect cause of muchwinter sicknessit allows chills,invites colds and sickness.Nourishment alone makes bloodnot drugs or liquors and the nourishing food in Scott's Emulsion chargessummer blood with winter richnessand increases the red corpuscles.Its Cod Liver Oil warmsthe body, fortifies the lungs,and alleviates rheumatictendencies.YOUR DRUGGIST HAS TT.14-45 SHUN SUBSTITUTES.L-M.VUi 1:I.MW:II JMIM JUIThe subscriber plays an important part in the business of givingtelephone service. If the telephone is not used properly, if thesubscriber believes he cannot secure good service under any circumstances and if proper consideration is not shown the operator,our difficulties are greatly increased. Fortunately for us, thereare very few subscribers of thatkind in this city. Most of our subscribers are co-operating with usin our efforts to give quick andaccurate service.In order to secure efficient service at all times several things arenecessary on the part of the subscriber. "When your telephonebell rings the call should be answered promptly, otherwise thecalling party may grow impatientand leave the telephone and youwill think the operator has rungyour telephone without necessity.left off the hook. "When this oicurs your telephone is reported,busy or out of order. In the eaae-of a party line it puts two tels.phones out of commission.In calling a number, you should.speak distinctly and where themis a prefix or a letter in the number you should also repeat these tothe operator.If you are calling in haste w-ask you to note the time and not-feel that seconds are minutes andthat we are neglecting your tel-1phone.If you let your neighbors andfriends use your telephone indiscriminately your station is likelyto be reported busy when you arnot personally using it. When.your telephone is in use, "by yomor by a non-subscriber, no one encall you, the busy report beinggiven to calling parties. Theaakare small matters, but they areThen the receiver should not beportant to us and to youCUMBERLAND TELEPHONEAND TELEGRAPH COMPANYJNCORPOR ATED(fife3l(fMK999999999999999999999999999999999A Heart To Heart TalkAbout Values!After seeing uhat the women wearwhen they are working around thethe house you always wonder how thepoor rag man ever gets hold of anymaterial.WHAT WOULD YOU DO?ByValucs we do not mean to sellinferior shoes at lower prices, but tosell only the veryHighestGradeFootwearat aModerate PriceThe Shoes wesell are made well,wear well, lookwell and are most comfortable. RcaShoe Satisfaction in every pair.Feld's Shoe Store.Curtis&OverbyBusiness Men's Barber Shop,(Next to Bourbon Bank)3 - CHAIRS - 3Expert BarbersPolite Attentionriot and Cold Baths at AHoursv No Long Waits.A Share of the Public Patronage Solicited.MarMOTiThere are many times when oneman questions another's actions andmotives. Men act differently underdifferent circumstances. The question is, what would you do right nowyou do better than take Chamberlain's Cough Remedy? It is highlyrecommended by people who haveused it for years and know its value. Mrs. O. E. Sargent, Peru, Ind.,says, "Chamberlain's Cough Remedy is worth its weight in gold andI take pleasure in recommending it."For sale, by all dealers. '(oct-adv)ColdsCorner Fourth and MainModern Equipment.Polite Service.Everything Sanitarj.Children's Work a Specialty.CARL CRAWFORDJ. S. Wallingford, M. D.office on Sixth Street,Between Main and High'Phones 31 PARIS, KYIshould be "nipped in thebud", for if allowed to rununchecked, serious resultsmay follow. Numerous Kcases of consumption, pneumonia, and other fatal diseases, can be traced back toa cold. At the first sign of acold, protect yourself bythoroughly cleansing yoursystem with a few doses ofTHEDFORD'SBLACK-DRAUGHTthe old reliable, vegetableliver powder.Mr. Chas. A. Ragland, oMadison Heights, Va., says:"Phave fteen using Thed-ford's Black-Draught forstomach troubles, indigestion, and colds, and find it tobe the very best medicine 1ever used. It makes an oldman feel like a young one."Insist on Thedford's, theoriginal and genuine. E-67BIG BARGAINSIN HIGH GRADE3BTJC3-GIE3Sfr Sixty Day We Will Offer101 OFF-yOn Our Fine Line OfColumbus, Babcock andPost Bros.4 tx. KrBUGGIES!8yr-j.i 4 -X'I"l"I'I"i"fl'I"I"I'if"H'tPRICHARD & BALLFourth, and Pleasant.t,.,,-HI:A -""ji-. K,"tB-K'yj..4k4 11 v rSf '-x' . ",THE BOURBON NEWS, PARIS, KY., OCTOBER 20, 1914IISliWi -.yfrMrvtRWaKg5iIr 't rIt .,NEWS OF M1LLERSBUR6Regular meeting of Amity Lodgetonight.Miss Mary Bruce Redd was the.guest of relatives at Lexington fromFxitlay until Monday.Rev. W. B. Wilborn, of Frankfort,was 'the guest of his daughters at M.F. C. Friday and Saturday., Miss Ruth McClintock returnedSaturday after a visit to her sister,JMTS. Turney Perry, at 0 wings ville.Mrs. Ralls, of Owingsville, was theguest of Mrs. David Allen and daughter from Thursday until Saturday.Mrs. Henry Sheeler returned Friday after a two-weeks' visit to hermother, Mrs. Mary Thompson and.family, at Germantown.Mr. Enimett Mastin, who for thepast three years has been in the U.J5. army, stationed in the Philipines, isat home.Mr. F. E. Peterson left Monday toattend the Grand Lodge of F. & A. M.,-wbcch convenes at Louisville to-day.His place is being filled at the L. & N.'-depot by Mr. Stewart, of Red House.The Missionary Convention of theBbenezer Presbytery of the Southern"Presbyterian Church will convene hereto-night, and continue through. Thursday. About forty delegates are expected. In the game of root ball Saturdayafternoon between x-exington HighSchool and M. M. I. cadets, on thegrounds of the latter, the game resulted in a score of 10 to 7 in favorof Lexington.Mr. and Mrs. S. C. Bascom andlittle daughter, Sue, and Miss MaryTaylor will leave Wednesday for avisit" to relatives at Indianapolis, Ind.Ttey will make the trip in Mr. Baseom's automobile.Miss Dorothy Peed, who is teaching in Birmingham, Ala., accompaniedby her uncle, Mr. William Peed, ofLexington, arrived at the bedsida ofTier father Sunday morning. Mrs.ZvTollie Peed and son, Mr. Alfred Peed,cfMayslick, Mrs. ilollie Slack, ofSharpsburg, are also in the Peed2iome.3Hss Drusie EMott, Superintendent of the Millersburg Public Schools,died at noon Saturday after a lingering illness of typhoid fever at the Mas-si-eHospital, Paris. Miss Elliott hasoccupied the positions since September, 1913, and while she came to Millersburg as a stranger she has mademany friends in the time she has beenwith us. who sincerely mournherloss. The graded school wasclosedMonday, andhr nnderteachers.Stfisses Nannie Clarke and Kizdie MayMcDaniell, with quite a number of thepupils, attended the funeral at ParisMonday afternoon.Miss Ollie Robertson, of Carlisle.and Miss Rubel, of Lebanon, gave aconcert at the M. F. C. Friday evening"tander the auspices of the Y. W. C. A.of the college. Miss Robertson as-pianist and Miss kubel as violinistwere exceedingly good. Miss Rubelhas studied for several years in Ger--many nnder some of the most eminentmasters. Every number was encored,mcst of these she responded to. Atthe close of the concert Miss Rubelgave a short talk on Germany sincethe opening of the war. These ladiesare now engaged in Lyceum work andleft Saturday for Chattanooga, Tenn.,where they open their regular seanI -The Best QualityJustLadies' Brocaded Tops, Louis Heel, newest creations, the best quality and workmanship, $5.00 values, at. . $3.49Ladies' Cloth Top Patent Kid or GunMetal, French heel, custom made, bestquality, at - 99Ladies' Mat or Cloth Top, Patent Jeather'and Gun Metal, all styles, best grades,at $2.e9and 3-4-9Ladies' Gun Metal and Patent Leather,good material,yat ! -99Ladies' Gun Metal, button and lace,at $1.24 and 1.49A very big assortment of Boys', Misses' and Children' Shoes at all (prices.' : J on our easy-payment plan. p5 to 200 for a Victor-I 'Wliere 13o,ULty mlc! ESooioraiy Ieigizx ! j llfll I ll II ill 111 Smm ImLLLWtKtoLkLLm-mM . TJfcrf5l81fi(rrAWftg..g. - ffiinJTikiri T ffjVmfr' - A- 1TlllM4'n?itfiffrrTii'iifeilfJjSk"fc'" JTfJfl IwT lilllMiMirlilfrirn -mWt &mmmmmmnmmmkA mUm h ra - - n wm m m a mn - i . ' sym'Ztr i mmfor the winter. We are indebted toMiss Robertson, who is one of. ourneighbor girls, for this rare treat.FOR SALE Good automatic 12guage shot gun. Practically as goodas new. Can be bought right. Forparticulars, call Bourbon Home PhoneNo. 33, Millersburg, Ky. (20-4t)News of Escondida.Mr. Jess Thomas lost last weektwo fine milk cows.Mrs. John Roberts, who has beenseriously ill, is greatly improved,Mr. and Mrs. Jas. Curtis, of nearIron Mound, have been visiting thelatter's sister at this placeMrs. Bettie Stanford, who fell andhurt herself sometime ago, is convalescing nicely.The Misses Sons and Brooks attended the Tabernacle meeting lastSunday night. They report a mostinteresting sermon.Much good has been done by therain, which began falling last week, itrelieving the people of hauling waterfor miles for their stock.The Escondida and Stony PointSunday Schools united last Sunday,when an excellent talk was given byMrs. Parrish, of Winchester.KENNEY CASE DECIDED.A second trial of the case of thecommonwealth agah.st W. M. Kenney,of the Hutchison neighborhood, tookplace before County Judge C. A. McMillan, Friday afternoon. The actionwas based on an affidavit made byMrs. Ida Kenney Rfoque, of Midway, adaughter of Mr. Kenney, alleging thathe was no longer capable of managinghis own affairs and asking the courttr nnnnint a. trustee for the management of his estate valued at about$20,000. The jury was unable to agreeat the first hearing of the case severalweeks ago, but at the hearing Fridaythey agreed that he was competent tomanase his affairs. Mr. Kenney is 81! years of age, and is physically feeble,but his metal condition is good.INJURED BY FALL.Mr. John T. Collins, the well-knownand popular farmer and tobacco manof North Middletown, had a narrow escape from serious injury Saturday.Mr. Collins was standing on a scaffoldsuperintending -some work being doneon his house, when he slipped and fellto the ground striking on his hip andside on a concrete walk, a distance ofabout twelve feet. He was at nrstI thnnsrht to have been seriously hurt,. but careful examination showed thatno bones were broken. He was badlybruised and shaken up, but is resting1 comfortably.THANKSGIVING TURKEYS TOBE WITHIN REACH OF ALL.That the price of a Thanksgivingturkey this year will be lower thanfor many years is almost a certainty.Those engaged in raising turkeys re-j port the largest crop m many earsin the course of fattening for the mar-ket.The extreme dry weather last summer Just at the hatching time gaveall fowls a good start on the road tomaturity free from ulsease which usu-allv ofays havoc with the averageturkey cropNOWFALL ANDwonder we undersell all others. Energy andIt's noour enormous outlet giveof Men's, Women's and Children's Shoes at theLowest Prices.A Few Of TheRubbers of All Descriptions at Lowest Prices.GreatestMATRIMONIALCounty Clerk Pearce Paton issueda marriage license Saturday to Mr.Robert Bond and Mrs. Mary McFarland, both of this county,.POPE VICE.Eld. W. E. Ellis officiated Wednesday afternoon at the wedding of MissSadie Pope, of Paris, and Mr. CharlesVice, of the countyXat the ChristianChurch parsonage, on Twelfth street.KTJSTER ARNOLD.ive daughter of Mr. and 'Mrs. Charles fH. Kuster, of near Jacksonville, Bour-bon County, and Mr. Samuel Arnold,of Harrison County, were united inmarriage in Cynthiana, Wednesday afternoon, by Rev. J. R. Jones, of Cynthiana. HOWARD KNOXAnnouncement has been made ofthe approaching wedding of Miss JuliaShaw Howard, daughter of Mr: Wm.Howard, formerly of Paris, to Mr. Benjamin Franklin Knox, of Washington,D. C. The marriage will be a prettysociety event and will take place atthe Takoma Park PresbyterianChurch, at Takoma Park, Washington,D. C, on Wednesday evening, Oct. 28,at 8:30 o'clock.The bride-to-be is , former residentof Paris, who has been making herhome in Washington for the past fiveyears with her uncle, Col. G. C.Kniffin, an ex-Parisian, well-known toParis people. She is a sister of Mr.Logan Howard, Miss Jennie Howardand Mrs. Taylor Chandler, all ofParis, and is an accomplished and attractive young woman. Miss Howardhas two brothers, McVey and Wher-ritt Howard, both of Paris, now in themarine service on board U. S. battle. sllips recently stationed in Mexicanwaters.r Knox is a successful young bus-iness man in the U. S. Government"service at Washington.QUINBY-BACHUS.Using the always, impressive ringceremony, Eld. J. T. Sharrard, Wednesday evening officiated at the 'marriage of Miss Mary Eloise Quinby, ofOklahoma City, Okla., and Mr. RoyLucien Bachus, of Youngstown, O., atthe home of Mr. and Mrs. Claude F.Redmon, on Cypress street.During the ceremony Mrs. H. M.Hamilton, of Paris, rendered a beautiful program of violin selections.The attractive home was tastefullydecorated for the occasion, the colorscheme of white and green being carried out, potted ferns and white astersforming a beautiful setting for thescene.Mrs. William Talbott Evans, ofGeorgetown, a cousin of the bride, wasthe dame of honor, and' Mr. RodneyQuinby, the bride's brother, acted asbest man. The bride, who is a formerParis girl, is a daughter of Mrs. LucyRedmon Quinby, of Oklahoma City,and a granddaughter of Mrs. Mary E.Redmon, of Paris. She is also a nieceof Messrs. C. F. Redmon, of Paris, andGeorge K. Redmon, King Redmon andJohn Redmon, of Bourbon, and a nieceof Mrs. Florence Green and Miss Irao-orene Redmon. of ParisoThe bride,wi10 js an unusually attractive andpopular young woman, was attired indark blue bradcloth, with hat tomatch. Mr. Bachus is a popular andIS THEAnd Dan Cohen's TheTo Buy YourWINTEus a purchasing power that makes competition impossiuie.Money - Saving Prices:Men's Platinum Calf or Russ. Bal., Eng-lish last, of the famous Walk-Over, high-est quality, at $5.00 and $4.50Men's Russ. or Gun Metal, of the Walk- xOver and Beacon makes, all styles andlasts, at $4.00and 3.50Men's Tan or Gun Metal, bench made,all lasts, at 2.99Men's Gun Metal, button and lace, goodwearing shoes, at $ 1 -49 and 1 .99Men's Heavy and Medium Weight Shoes, allkinds, at the lowest prices.COH E3 1SToxShoe Storeprosperous young business man ofYoungstown,0.After the ceremony refreshments ofpommes de terre and brick ice cream,each slice ontained a green heart.The dining room was attratively decorated with pink and white carnations,and the souvenirs for the occasionwere tiny wedding rins tied withwhite ribon.Following the wedding Mr. and Mrs.Bachus left for an extended weddingtrip, and upon their return will gt tohousekeeping at Ybungstown, O.SIDENER MORELAND.A surprise wedding took place inLexington, Sunday afternoon, in whichwell-known Paris people were theprmupaibMr. James H. Moreland, one" of themost popular members of the Parispolice force, and Miss Frankie Sidener, for many ytfirs the stenographer in the law offices of Talbott &Franklin and Talbott & Whitley, inthis city, quietly left Paris after securing license, went to the home ofRev. I. J. Spencer, of the ChristianChurch, where the marriage ceremonywas performed. fcThe bride and groom are universally popular in a large circle of acquaintances in this city and fromwhom hearty good wishes and congratulations are being extended.Mr. and Mrs. Moreland returnedSunday night and will be "at home"to their friends at their home, cornerof High and Twelfth streets.WYATT SOPER.A surprise wedding was that ofMiss Mary Belle Wyatt, youngestdaughter of Mr. and Mrs. George W.Wyatt, to Mr. Ivan Soper, of LittleRock, which occurred last Thursdayevening at seven o'clock, at the. homeof the bride's parents, on Twelfthstreet.The ceremony was performed byEld. W. E. Ellis, of the ChristianChurch, in the presence of the immediate relatives of the contractingparties.The bride is quite a pretty and attractive young lady. She was educated at Bourbon College and latergraduated from Hamilton College, inLexington.Mr. Soper is one of Bourbon's capable ycung business men, holding theposition of cashier of the Citizens'Home Bank at Little Rock. He is ason of Mr. and Mrs. John L. Soper,of Paris, and is a popular and deserving gentleman.Mr. and Mrs. Soper left for an extended trip following the ceremony,and puon their return 'will ge to housekeepisg at Little Rock.NEW GARAGE.The Massie building, adjoining theParis Fire Department, and recentlyoccupied by C. W. Heck as a carriageestablishment, is being remodeled. Itwill be occupied as a garage by R.Parks & Son, of Cynthiana, who havetaken the local agency for the Fordautomobile, and other makes of machines will be added later on.Mr. Clyde Richards, lately witaKerslake & Son, has been engaged byParks & Son as local manager. Mr.Richards has had aa extensive experience in automobile work, and willmake a capable and efficient assist-ant.' 'ms2XXxtt-Tt71r-?f??r:tiPlacecapital combined witht7 " r ictroia. 10 to 3100 lor a ictor. mld Ccirc in and sec and hear thc-differcnt styles. IPROGRAM ASHLAND DISTRICT EDUCATIONAL ASSOCIATION, CITY, SCHOOL, PARIS, KY:, COCTBER, 23-24.Friday, October 23 Morning Session10:00 Prayer Dr. 0. E. MangumSonS City High School ChorusWelcome Address Hon. C. M. ThomasResponse y r S. EubankSol Miss Elizabeth HintonAddress by the President t. A. Hendricks11:15 How to Convince Parents That School is Worth While H. C AirKee, Frankfort, Ky. '11:35 How to Show the People that Their Money has Been We'll SpentM. B. Hifner, Versailles, Ky.12:00 Luncheon by County Teachers.Afternoon Session.1:00 Music City yHigh School OrchestraHow to Deal With Backward and Retarded Pupils J. C. WallerGeorgetown, Ky.1: 30 Consolidation Miss Jessie O. Yancey, Maysville, Ky.2:00 Pedagogic Inconsistencies Judge Harmon Stitt, Paris, Ky..2:30 How to Relate the Work of the School to the Life of the CommunityT. J. Coates, Frankfort, Ky. x3:00 Address M. A. Cassidy, Superintendent Lexington City Schools." Evening Session.(Conducted by the Women's Clubs)7:30 Music City High School OrchestraMusic City High School ChorusSolo A. L. BoatrightAddress Dr. J. G. Crabbe, Richmond, Ky., President Eastern Kentucky State Normal School.MusicReception By City School Teachers.Saturday October 24 Morning, Session.9:30 Prayer Rev. Geo. HarrisMusic Male QuartetEconomy in Education President H. S. Barker,- State University.10:10 How to Prepare a Salary Schedule Based on Merit and EfficiencyO. V. Jones, Owenton, Ky.10:30 Moonlight Schools Edgar C. Riley, Burlington, Ky.11:00 Address President R. H. Crossfield, Transylvania University. -11:30The Modern Trend in Education E. F. Darnaby, Winchester, Ky.12:00 Lunch The County School Improvement League.Afternoon Session.1:00 Instrumental Solo Miss Elizabeth CrutcherModern Ideals in Education M. E. Ligon, Lexington, Ky.1:30 Address President M. B. Adams, Georgetown College.2:00 Best Methods of Teaching Modern Languages Miss Ruth VanPelt,Frankfort, Ky., High School.Election of Officers Report of Secretary-Treasurer.HONOR ROLL PARIS CITY SCHOOLFollowing is the honor roll for theParis City Schools for the month ofSeptember:Grade I-A Virgaiwia Allen, 90.Grade I-C ThelmanKing,91;Frank Boaz, 92.Grade II-A Ethel Woolward, 91;Virginia Woodall, 90; Homer Burley,90.Grade III-A Carolyn Wilmoth, 93;Martha M. Collier, 92; Mary Petree,91; Loretta Pickett, 90; Mary L.Buckler, 91 ; Smiser Harp, 90.Grade IV-A Virginia Hancock, 96;Margaret Hill, 96; Mary Shive, 96;Edward Paton, 94; Bertha King, 93;Hazel Myers, 92; Ruth Wheeler, 92;Keller Larkin, 91; Virginia Cahal, 90.Grade IV-B Katherine Woodward,90; Mary F. Burns, 93; Clara Himes,92; Addie Myers, 92; Zoma Meade, 91.Grade V-A Herbert Myers, 97; Rebecca Shive, 96; Elva Alexander, 93;Eva Chappell, 91; Devora Chism, 91;Hilda Tylor, 90.Grade V-B Hazel Arnold, 90; MaryL. -Collier, 90; Margaret Bailey, 90;Clara Highland, 93; Chas. Padgett, 92.Grade VI Viola Ackmari, 92; JamesArnsparger, 93; Mildred Brannon, 92;Stanley Corner, 90; Norbert Friedman,90; Alma L. Goldstein, 91; CollinsHall, 92; Thomas A. Hendricks, 93;Geraldine Herrin, 92; Margaret High-!land, 92; Sidney 'Linville, 93; Rankin'Mastin, 92; Eugene Moore, 95; Mat-tie Pennington, 94 ; Elizabeth Wheeler,Nancy Barbee Wilson, 97.Grade VII-V Clara Hartley, 93; Lutie Crofe, 94; Albert Stewart, 92.Grade VIII-A Madge Taylor, 95;Thelma Squires, 6."' I "7"TTT "D Tiri'lUnm ITnTn tirunUldUC Vlll-D viiiiam luwutjic,90; Elma Leeds, 92; Virginia Dundon.94Grade VII-B-Minnie Galloway, 94;Bessie Gifford, 90; Hattie Neai, 9i.Freshman Lillian Turner, 93; Jen -meLink, 90; Robert Lavin, 9D; Mabel;Templin. 94; Ruth Linville, 92; Eleanor Lytle, 91; Vernita Baldwin, 98:Edna Snapp, 97 Elizabeth Hudnall, 92;Edith Harper, 90; Fannie Heller, 94;Dannie Cahal, 91; Luther Bishop, 93;Elizabeth Clark, 90.Sophmore Esther Boatright, 92;Luella Wiles, 91; Maud Taylor, 91;Florence Ellis. 91; Ethel Harper, 90;Junior Evelyn Freidman, 93; AeenEllett, 97.Senior Gertrude Slicer, 95; StuartWallingford, 95; Frank Wilcox, 95;Thornton Connell, 91; Ellen Henry,94; Grace McCord, 94; MargaretShive, 90.cates thefamilv haDOV.It brines into the home aI j St; g$YJi Iff :I nJ MFof all proportion to i.s email cost. x MVhti o-n4 rrn- n ViVt-r nr Vletor-Victrola rip-lit away 1STOCK AND FARM NOTES.Clifton, the fast green trottinggelding owned by Ed. Bedford, ofParis, trotted a mile for his trainer,Monday, in 2:086, out in the trackaway from the pole and came the lasthalf in 1:04, last quarter in .31. Thiswas an especially good performance,considering the slow track.NOTICE TO STOCK OWNERS.All persons driving live stockthrough the streets of Paris are re-.quired to furnish sufficient men withthe herds to keep said stock fromrunning through and damaging theyards along the streets.Considerable complaint is made byresidents of Paris about stock beingj allowed to run through their lawns,1 damaging hedges, flowers, etc.J. T. HINTON,(oct2-if)Mayor.Why is it that a prima donna can't.reach a top note unless she clutches.at her gizzard and pats it?GROCERIESAt Wholesalea weii-imowiiand old established wholesalegrocery house Wants a ladyto co-operate with its SalesDepartment in this and in adjoining territory.An excellent opportunity to, . , T" --i5Ai- pciauii. jlnu saiiipics' to Carr7 Or goods to deliver.It is the sort of money-earninsf! , , .undertaking a woman mayenter with profit and dignity.Saving to tho buyer at actualwholesale is from one-quarterto one-third and no dealer orgrocer buys for less.-Write for particularc.The American Grocery Co.Wholesale Grocers225 Walnut Street Cincinnati, Ohio'TLo hzzl rnvastmcnt'I ever madeand it only cost $15."The Victor-Victrola amur.es and educhildren, and makes the wholev.-ealt;h cf music that is out