rzr"V "5THENEWSbfcp.rx' H-s -J' T rr JT9PUBLISHED EVFRY TUESDAY AND FRIDAY -IN THE YEARVOLUME XXXIIPARIS, KENTUCKY, FRIDAY, APRIL 10. 1914.BOURBON!ILDIEN TAKINGTiVE PART INrainup cityBoys Organized in SquadsTo Begin Work in ManyDistrictsPRIZES OFFERED BYHEALTH LEAGUEMjch Interest in the Campaign to Improve CivicConditionsYesterday afternoon Paris wasflooded with hand bills and circularscalling attention to she cleaning days,Monday and Tuesda of next week.The distribution of all the readingmatter was done entire by the boysof the white and colored schools, andin a short time th6 entire town wascovered. The school boys who assisted m this manner were as follows:WHITE Rollie Farris, James McNair.?ra, Lamar Hill ,Hugh Scott, LeoBrannon, Hartwell Merrimee, JulianThomas, Collins Hall, John Cram,Ralph. Connell, Wilson McKenney, A.T. Price, Robt. Hutchinson, Robt Horton, Nelson Sadler, David Blount,Shelby Lush, Jam.cs Lenox, WillieRoland, Robt. Burnett, John Edwards,Robt. Terry, Reynolds Buckler, LeslieO'Neill, Lillard Redmon.COLORED Reuben Smith, WillieBell, Reuben Montague, R. T. Lindsey,Geo. Harris, James Slack, AlfonsoKenney, Samuel Scott, Henry Jefferson, Henry Smith, Levi Carter, Chas.Gilkey, Gilbert Hoffman, Chas. Roseberry, Carlos Nichols.The Health and Welfare League ismaking every effort to have everything in good shape for the war onfilth throughout thu city, beginningnext Monday morning and continuinguntil Tuesday night. The school children are being organized and dividedin squads, to which will be assigned adistrict in the city, nd their energiescentered in that particular locality.Dr. F. M. Paries- ane Prof. JHendricksare organizing the boys at the whiteschool, while Prof. F. M. Wood, is incharge of the organization of the pupils in the colored schools.To encourage the young folks enirasred in tlie work, the Health andWelfare League has offered two prizes, the first for the most obedientand prompt squad and the second forthe squad which does the best work.The boys have entered into the movement with a spirit ,aat gives everyevidence of resulting in much good toward cleaning the city.The city will furnish a wagon to beused m hauling the refuse and Mrs.Nellie Highland has generously donated the use of a team and wagonfor the occasion.THE 3EST ONLY..' Phone Joe Yarden for the bunch ofcut flowers you intend to send to yourbest girl on Easter. He furnishesonlv the best. Do it today (It)COUNTY JUDGE APPOINTSGUARDIAN FUR MARY O'LEE.In the county court Tuesday JudgeC. A. McMillan appointed Mattie E.O'Lee guardian of Mary C. O'Lee anheir of Lee C. Smith.REPORTS CONTINUETo Reach Capital That StanleyWithdraw.Will'WASHINGTON, April 9. Reportsntirm tn rpanh Washington fromKentuckv that Representative A. U.o.i :n ri,row from flip rarenOlilUlCV Mill niuiuiu." ..- -- , i w.- , -for the Democratic nomination for into with Mrs. Mastin. Another meetL'nited States Senator, despite the de- j ing of the Sinking Fund Commissionnial of Mr Stanley of any such inten, jwill be held in a -few days to ratifyTinn.The Second district merauercontinues to bea ctive in the campaign, and his office in this city is alsothe scene of much activity.While Mr. Stanley :s regarded asthe best judge of his intentions withreference to the Senatorial race, yetthose tom Kentucky who expresstheir real sentiments as to the outcome of the contest, persist in asserting that former Governor Beckhamwill win in a walk.Reports received here are that, asa result of the impression that prevails relative to the lead which Gov.Beckham has, it is a hard matter toarouse inteiest on the part of the voters in the Senatorship, unless, it beon the occasion of a set speech delivered by one or the other of the candidates. .. .f ioA Kentuckian, discussing the situation, said: n td vvotroi!v v.'!ip.n either Gov. Beckham or Representative Stanley speaksat a certain point the eniiubwam Vithe headers is aroused for the time being, and there is some local . discussionof the contest, but after this temporary interest dies down the peopleseem to settle themselves down to thebelief that Mr. Beckham will win, andbelieving this, can find no reason forgetting. excited 4over what seems, predestined."'-PRISONERS TAKENSTATE REFORMATORY.Deputy Sheriff J. O. Marshall, accompanied by Thomas Craven, H. C.Curtis and James Gibson, as specialdeuties, took the prisoners convictedat the March term of Circuit Court tothe penitentiary at Frankfort Wednesday morning. They were C. W.Wiggins, George Hays, Walker Harris,Lawson Holman, George Williams,James Davis and Ernest Shawhan.3feSHEARER MAYRACEMAKEFOR AUDITORThe Lexington Herald of yesterdayhad the following:"The friends of W. Logan Shearer,special agent for the NorthwesternLife Insurance Company, are , urginghim to enter the field for the Republican nomination fori State Auditorin 1915. It is said that Mr. Shearerhas taken the matter under advisement and will make known his position in the matter in a short time.Mr. Shearer was formerly a memberof the Kentucky Legislature fromWayne county, Monticello, the countyseat of that county, being his birthplace. He was educated at CentreCollege."WILL MAKE A-DIFFERENCE.A new hat from Mitchell & Blakemore will make a difference in yourappearance. (7-2t)SPRING SHOES.Your Easter outfit will be very incomplete without a pair of new shoes.That new suit or dress will be addedto 100 per cent, if you have on a pairof those Nettleton or Hanan Shoes.Patent leather, tan, suede, etc., in thelatest shapes for ladies, children andmen. Call in and see our new Springstyles.(7-2t) GEORGE McWILLIAMS.CITY COUNCIL MEETSIN REGULAR SESSION.The city council in regular sessionsession last night transacted but littlebusiness. Several building permitswere granted and an ordinace passedordering the construction of pavements in various parts of the city. Afire hydrant was ordered placed--onFithian avenue, in White Addition.PARIS WILL HAVE BASEBALL CLUB THIS SEASON.Plans are being discussed by several young men of this city looking tothe organization of a base ball teamfor the coming season, and it is almostassured that it will oe a go. - Theteafir,"WnT'be composed'ehtirelyoflocal talent and it is expected thatgames will be arranged with adjoining towns having independent clubsand it is also planned to secure gameswith some of the best -?emi-profession-alclubs out of Covington and Cincinnati.CIGAR SPECIAL.A red hot special this week. Genuine imported Manila cigars, 8 for 25cents. This price don't go after Saturday. Remember this is a -SPECIALfor this week only!,(7-2t) JAS. E. GRAVEN.SPRING SHOES.Come in and inspect our line ofMen's Shoes in tan and blacks highcut and Oxfords, nobby toes in theswell English last.MITCHELL & BLAKEMORE.(7-2t)PRISON BOARD LEASESFARM NEAR FRANKFORTThe lease of 460 acres in the Glen'sCreek road, on the Kentucky River,oposite Frankfort, from Mrs. GilbertH. Mastin, to be used as a prisonfarm in connection with the FrankfortReformatory, has been practicallyagreed upon. At a conference in Gov.McCreary's office attended by thePrison Commissioners, Attorney General James Garnett, State TreasurerRhea and Warden A. J. G. Wells, theileose was approved though it will benecessary for another member ot theSinking Fund commission to appiuveit hfnrp. the contract can oe eiittsieutlie leose. iBieasciui ,. jiat ?3,000 the year, witn an option tupurchase the land for $80 an acre.The farm lies in a bend of the river.The Louisville & Atlantic railroadruns through a part of it. Some ofthe land is river bottom soil .and someof it is high. There is a large residence and a tenement house on thefarm. , .Chairman O'Sullivan, of tlie PrisonCommission, said: "It is well located,on the river and the railroad, andwhile accessible it is desirably isolated; but the high ground will affordus a good place for quartering tubercular prisoners and others that are ill.This is one thing we had in mind inselecting a location. It is a good farmand would make an ideal location fora prison should the State ever decideto change from the hollow in whichtlie present prison is situated. AtTCfirivville we have not been so fortu-J nateWarden Chilton already nas asmall farm near the town under cul -tiVatlOn, DUt we ua-vc uui. iwu"v w..vwnot found wnatAve wanteu -" icmu- ,.-..-,,ever before the year is out to securea large farm for' the Eddyville penitentiary." , . ,i x iftr.-t ra inno uriwRart of the prison .iarm win oe jjui.under cultivation.On it food supplies'BOURBONTOfor the prison asbe raised.far as possible willz fcNEGRO SHOT; MAYDIE AS RESULTIOFJesse Hughes,Carlisle, ::!Of,wProbably Fatally WoundsFletch LambkinACCUSED MAN.LODGED IN JAILClaims Weapon Was Accidentally DischargedScuffletnJesse Hughes, a young negro fromCarlisle, last night abou. 6:30 o'clock,shot and probably wounded FlethchLambkin. The shooting occurred infront of the saloon of Baliffe & Reed,and it is claimed by several who witnessed it that it was accidental.Lambkin was employed as a porterin the saloon and came here fromCarlisle. He has been living in Parisfor some time. Hunes, it is said isa desperate negro.After the shooting Hughes, who hada buggy standing in front of the saloon drove out the Winchester pike,and it was thought he was going inthe direction of Winchester. A shorttime afterwards he returned and wastaken into custody by Chief of Police!Link, and he was lodged in jail byPatrolman Judy.The bullet for the 32-caliber Winchester special struck Lambkin in theabdomen, but at a late hour last nightthe extent of his injuries could not bedetermined. Dr. J. T. Brown wassummoned, but the negro made aneffort to reach his office. He fell infront of the Baptist church and waslater on taken to his home in Lylesville. Hughes, when arrested had severalcases of beer, a large quantity ofwhisky in the vehicle he was driving.The horse had been hired from thelivery stable of J. M. Flanagan.-- MORE "BULlT.":WASHINGTON, April 9. Representative J. C. Cantrill has not yetreadier a final decision as to the insurance probe, which, he has underconsideration. He said yesterday thatthe situation is one which should notbe taken up hastily and that he willhave to have satisfactory assuranceof his ground before he will assumethe responsibility for the introductionof a resolution calling for an investigation. xEASTER FLOWERS.Phone us your orders today forEaster flowers. We furnish only thebest.(It) JOE VARDENDRESSED CHICKENS AND FISH.If you want 'either give us yourder early for Easter.or-COMPROMISE REPORTED WITHx INSURANCE COMPANIES.Agreeing to suspend operations ofthe Green-Glenn insurance law, enacted at thel ast session of the Legislature, was the result of the conference held in Louisville Wednesday.More than 100 risk companies whichwithdrew from the State following thepassage of the law, likely will returnfollowing action announced at a conference held in Louisville yesterdayafternoon. The Statewas representedby Gov. McCreary, Cli airman RubyLaffoon, Matt C. Clay and N. O. Gray,of the State Insurance Commission.The compromise proposition wasdrafted by the members of the Insurance Commission after the allied business interests of Kentucky, represented through 18 or 20 leading organizations, made formal demand on theState authorities for an immediatesettlement of the insurance controversy in order that millions of dollars'worth of property may have ampleprotection from fire loss.The only concession asked by thecommission are a 25 per cent, reduction in insurance rates on tobacco anda 10 per cent, reduction in' the rateson dwelling houses and contents.These reductions were practically(agreed to by the fire insurance companies long before the Green-Glennbill was enacted.The compromise proposition will beput up to the insurance companies bya committee which ':11 urge that riskcompanies send their Authorized representatives to Kentucky with powerto act for them in te negotiations toend the insurance ir. ILahoon submitted co the meeting a, proposition by which the State author-Hies dstvic w iiiutvc tuwm v,uutoa-Hiessions in tne nope tnat otner concessions .will be granted by the compan-les.Advices in Louisville yesterday thatthe insurance companies will rejectLanoon's proposition and tlie Gover-j nor will call another conference for'J April 18 in Louisville. .r$- V-41H.'WSWt?"Soft HatsStiffAMitchell & Blakemore,The Store for Men's StylesiKntiiiiiLiiiiij: nMMstiacitiiiiiuniiiiii iiiiiiiiiiiriiiiniiiiiiiiiiiiirnniiiHi4iiMiiii!iHJMiiiifiiniiiiififiiiiiiiiLLiM m1FRANK &, The Store Where Reliabilityvi1V."tVw -&&FRANK &5mHuniniHiurrittyii!KiimMMWtimm"WE KNOW HOW"Spring StylesIn TheDunlap and StetsonJLJLclL5Now Ready for Your Inspectionin all the new shapes and colors;liats in the right shapes tobecome the man.Manhattan and Wilson BrosSpring ShirtsHere in an endless variety of patterns andcolors Come in and make your selections while the lines are: ' -' complete. .mmmm wsmmwmv&mVInvite Your Inspection.-OFNew Spring Suits MLadies', Misses' and Girls'. rNew Spring CoatsLadies', Misses' and Childrens'.New Spring Silk DressesTaffeta, Charmeuse and Crepe.New Spring Wool Dresses'Crepes, Serges and Ratines.Silks, Wash Goods and Woolen Fabricsof every description, with suitoble lrimming3.Separate Skirts,Rain Coats,Crepe and Net Waists,Wash Waists.TdSEKParis, KentuckyCO. IfhwReigns."$vt.a.C9,wfWiJv4-i1 'l-, Ikf4'V. iJr 5yrdfc -v- , V7f-. t- -N-V-rr-THE BOURBON NEWS; PARIS; rKENTUCKYAPRIt 1 0 I91;4i-TPhet is the r.ght cf cverjone to live and enjoy the cheerful life. We oweit to ourselves and those who live with us to live the cheerful life. Wecannot 3o o if ill health takes hold of us. 'The A'ife, mother and daughter suffering from hot flashes, nervousnessfesd'. t-ickasl-o. tlraR.iU'--dowi foeliner. or any other weakness due to disorderor lrrtyntemics of the delicate femaie organs-is not only'a burden to herselffc-t ti her loved ones. uuw:u'There j a remedy. Forty years experience has proven unmistakably thatSiBE.paW'Flfe-s-.!l reVre health to weakened womankind. For 40 years it has survivedprcjud.ee, envy ai d isyjl.ee. . SoM by ... aicn, in medicine in liquid or tabletformDr. Pierce s favorite l'l escnption T blots can 1 c had of druggist or malledoaK-.pt of onc-ceut stamps-Jtor $1.00 or Site size. Address vL V. Pierce M. DEr. Pierce's PXeaeani:3nuctn-e2s.ctGrnadz, liver s:gbt Paris Borne CelepDone ana Cekgrapb Co.(Incorporated)JT. J. VEATCH, District Manager. K. E. SPEARS, Commerical Manager.Bourbon LaundryDWIS & FUNK, Props.Telephone No. 4. West 5 StreetK!ZIII!3j&5Bourbon Laundry, gParis Kentucky. TGEO W. DAVISI BNEBAL DIRECTOR AND LICENSED EMBALHER.SOTII'PIIOKES DAT 137; NIGHT 899.I fi:to Yy a Woman? IHie Woman's TonictHB SALE AT ALL DRUGGISTSF4"9&l-Prciessioual Cardsc- Wjn. Kenney,PARIS, KENTUCKY.Pffice 514 Main Street.tmcc Phones 1" iL1?!( E. T. 334.tJEeawtence) Home 334.Dfi A. H KELLER,Practicing Physician,5, Rooms 4 and o, Clk7s iJld g;I?ji - - Kentuckyr jr. wrXiiiiA&is,M m ArTORNEY-AT-'LAW.op. 1 Elks BuildinsrI'llis3 Carduiheerful LifePIERCE'S"prescriptionPellets regelate and invigorateSgar-coated, tiny grannies.Have You aHOME TELEPHONEOur Bourbon CountyBusiness is GrowingMore Rapidly ThanEver Before.Ask Your Neighbor About TheService, Then Let Us Figure With You..VWe Take Pleasure.in oing up the finest shirtwaists or anything in thelaundry line. That is whaymade ihe Bourbon Laundrtfamous fo fine work and itdever goes beck on its reputation. If you are particularabout how your linen islaundered, your custom is thekind we want as we like toappreciateeII Worn Oul?No doubt you are, ifyou sutler from any of thenumerous ailments towhich an women are subject. Headache, backache, sideache, nervousness, weak, tired feeling,are some of the symptoms, and you must ridyourself of mem in orderto feel well. Thousandsof women, who havebeen benefited by thisremedy, urge you to. TAKECarduime nuiiiaii s ionicMrs. Sylvania Woods,of Clifton Mills, Ky., says:"Before taking Cardui,I was, at times, so weak Icould hardly walk, andthe pain in my back andhead nearly killed me.After taking three bottlesof Cardui, the pains disappeared. Now I feel aswell as I ever did. Everysuffering woman shouldtry Cardui." Getabottletoday. E-68the Bourbon NewsEstablished 1881 32 Years of Continouous Publication.3W1FT CHAMP, Editor and Owner.(Entered at the Paris, 'Kentucky,. Postoffice as Mail Matter of theSecond Class.)One Year $2.00 Six Months. $1.00Payable in Advance.Published Every Tuesday and FridayADVERTISING RATESDisplay Advertisements, $1.00 perinch for first time; 50 pents per incheach subsequent instertion.Reading Notices, 10 cents per lineeach issue; reading notices in blacktype, 20 cents per line, each issue.Cards of thanks, calls on candidates, obituaries and resolutions, andsimilar matter, 10 cents per line.Special rates for large advertisemnts and yearly contracts.The right of publisher is reservedto decline any advertisement or othermatter offered for publication.Space is a newspaper's stock intrade and source of revenue.PROTECTION AGAINST"WORMY" FRUIT.The fruit crop of nineteen-fourteeupromises to be a very good one. Thetrees have passed the winter in goodshape and unless a severe freeze occurs within the next few weeks theindications are that Kentucky will enjoy a banner fruit year. The interestin the production of better fruit hasbeen very gratifying and many orchards that have been neglected forsome time past have been pruned,sprayed and otherwise put in condition. The spray that has been applied upto the present time xias been the dormant application for San Jose scaleprincipally. Many growers who arejust starting to care for their orchards'feel that this application is sufficient.They should remember that this application is made more as a protectionto the tree and not so much for thefruit itself. The application that is toshow greater results from a fruitstandpoint has yet to be made, andit is known as a codling moth spray.The codling moth is the insect thatcauses the apples to become "wormy"and drop off permanently. It is safeto say that over fifty per cent, of theapples raise'd in the State are infestedwith the larvae of this insect. Themoth is grayish brown in appearanceand usually flies at night. The femalemoth deposits her eggs on the calyxend of the fruit, and on nearby leavesand branches about blossoming time.The eggs hatch in from five to tendays after they are laid. As soon asthe worm hatches it crawls to thenearby apples and usually enters theopen calvx'of blossom end.Advantage should be taken of thefact that the worm enters the opencalyx of the apple and an attemptshould be made to spray the trees justafter the blossoms drop and beforethe calyx cap closes. If the sprayingis delayed too long the calyx cap closes around the worm and it is impossible to reach it with poison. Thisspray should be directed down intothe blossom with as much force aspossible.Arsenate of lead and Paris greenare the principal poisons used in combating this insect. Of the two, arsenate of lead is perferable because itadheres better and because it is notso liable, to burn the foliage. Itshould be used at the rate of threepounds of arsenate of lead to fifty gallons of water. Paris green should beused at the rate of five to eight ounces to fifty gallons of water. Onegallon of lime-sulfur should be addedto forty gallons of the spray becauseof its value in checking the differentfungous diseases, such as black rotand apple scab.In this section there are two broodsof codling moth in a year. The second brood usually makes its appearance from the middle of July to thefirst of August. The same spray asgiven above may be applied. If bitter rot is troublesome, Bordeaux mixture should .be substituted for thelime-sulfur.These sprayings are very importantfrom a fruit standpoint. Particulareffort should be made to place someof the material in every calyx cup. Itis not so necessary to try and sprayevery leaf, but the operator shouldaim to reach all of the fruit.For further information address theDepartment of Horticulture, Kentucky Experiment Station,J. H. CARMODY,Asst. Horticulturist..A smart Aleck tried to get funny ina restaurant and said: "Bring me aSeptember Morn." And the waitressbrought him a plate of cold chicken.USE "TIZ" FOR SORE,TIRED, SWEATY FEET."TIZ" makes sore, burning, tiredfeet fairly dance with, delight. Awaygo the aches and pains, the corns,callouses, blisters and bunions."TIZ" drawsout the acidsand poisons thatpuff up your feet.No matter howhard you work,how long youdance, how faryou walk, or howlong you remainon your feet,"TIZ"brings restful foot comfort."TIZ" is wonderful for tired, aching,swollen, smarting feet. Your feet justtinge for joy; shoes never hurt orseem tight.Get a 25 cent box of TIZ" nowfrom any druggist or departmentstore .End foot torture forever wearsmaller shoes, keep your feet fresh,sweet and happy. Just think! awhole year's foot comfort for only 25cents. .(No. 2-fri)YOUR OWN DRUGGIST' 3ACKS THIS LAXATIVEIf you only knew as much as we anathose who have used them do aboutRexall Orderlies, you would be as enthusiastic about recommending themas we are. They taste just like candy and, act so easily and pleasantlythat taking them is a pleasure.Rexall Orderlies have a splendidtonic, cleansing and strengthening effect upon the bowels. They help freethe system and keep it free from theailments that result from irregular orinactive bowels. They do this quietly, without griping, nausea, purgjng,or excesive looseness. In a shorttime they usually make unnecessarythe continued use of physics. Wedon't ask you to take 'our word forthis. We want you to make us proveit, and at no cost to you.Buy a box of Rexall Orderlies. Ifnot thoroughly satisfied, tell us, andwe will return your money withoutquestion. In vest pocket tin boxes;10c, 25c, 50c.You can buy Rexall Orderlies onlyat the Rexall Stores, and in this townonly of us. G. S. Varden & Co.(adv)IMPROVED HOUSING SCHEMEIN OLD LONDON DISTRICT.The duchy of Cornwall estate inSouth London, which belongs to thePrince of Wales, is being transformed under an improved housing scheme.Already a marvelous change has beenwrought in the aspect of the neighborhood. Old, and dilapidated housesin narrow and tortuous streets havegiven place to substantially designedflats and cottages, abutting on thoroughfares which have been laid outaccording to sound town planningprinciples, so that the maximum oflight and air and convenience will beenjoyed by the tenants. King Georgehas taken a keen interest in the reform. The coal handling machinery forthe Panama Canal coaling stationswill be operated by electricity.Virtuous Coney Island (New York)wants no more bathing suit parades.A Taxpayers' Association is movingto have pretty swimmers forced to gostraight into the water.STRENGTHENS WEAKAND TIRED WOMEN."I was under a great strain nursinga relative through three months' illness," wutes Mrs. J. C. Van De Sande,of Kirkland, 111., "and Electric Bitterskept me from breaking down. I willnever be without it." Do you feeltired and worn out? No appetite andfood won't digest? It isn't the springweather. You need Electric Bitters.Start a month's treatment today;nothing better for stomach, liver andkidneys. The great spring tonic.Relief or money back. 50c. and $1.00at your druggist.(April) 'Mrs. John Larson, Mayor of Troutdale, Oregon, ordered the arrest ofher own husband on a charge of selling liquor to minors, and saw that theorder was obeyed, too.COUGH MEDICINE FOR CHILDRENToo much care cannot be exercisedin selecting a cough medicine forchildren. It should be pleasant totake, contain no harmful substance,and be most effectual. Chamberlain'sCough Remedy meets these requirements and is a favorite with the mothers of young children everywhere.For sale by all dealers.(April) (adv)Asia, which is the largest of the continents, has an estimated area of 17,057,666 square miles.CHECK YOUR APRIL COUGH.Thawing frosts and April rainschill you to the very -marrow; youcatch cold head and lungs stuffedyou are feverish cough continuallyand feel miserable. Ybu need Dr.King's New Discovery. It soothes inflamed and irritated throat and lungs,stops cough, your head clears up, fever leaves, and you feel fine. Mr. J.T. Davis, of Stickney Corner, Me.,was cured of a dreadful cough after adoctor's treatment and all other remedies failed. Relief or money back.Pleasant children like it. Get a bottle today. 50c. and $1.00 at yourdruggist.Bucklen's Arnica Salve for all sores.(April) (adv)A white bull dog leaped through theglass of a taxidermist's display window in Chicago, seized the stuffedskin of another white bull dog by theneck and chewed it to bits.Got AnyDEFECTS?SORES, BURNS,SCALDS, BRUISES.CHAPPED HANDSAND LIPS, TETTER,ECZEMA?Do you really want to heal it? Badenouehtospend 25c. ? Then go to the store and buy abox of DR. BELL'SAntiseptic SalveIt Is snow white and snow pure and If itdoesn't do the work, get you money back."Tell It By The Bell"FOR RENT.Two rooms on third floor of Agricultural Bank Building. Heat andwater furnished.(17-tf)NOTICE.Notice is hereby given that the unriprsisned will not be responsible foa jiv accounts contracted by any peson. without his personal permission.RUFUS P. STTVFRSParis, Ky., March 2o, 1914.(27-3 !. -W wRr 'T: mnry jyAre dependent:? STheir health as men and women is largelyestablished in childhood.nIf your child is languid, bloodless, tired when rising, without ambition or rosy cheeks, Scott's Emulsion is a wonderfulhelp. It possesses nature's grandest body-building fats soaeucaieiy preaigestea inar"Wana carries it iu every organ ana tissue ana nbre.First it increases their appetite, then it adds flesh-strengthensthe bones makes them sturdy, active and healthy.No alcohol or narcotic in Scott's Emulsion, nut purity and strenctLnasi rr.'m-ss.isa.i .u jsigjg'Hsf nrjffisrongaes2qg:New Year'sThoughtful consumers of FUEL will resolve to obtain ths hig hestef ficiency for theirmoney during the year to come. This meansthat they will useJox S?M"THE FUELWITHOUT A FAULT."Dodson & Deof nThe Home ofYards, South Main St.i.QcggpQrg;sstagefeggg3fcssfVgw)Executor's Notice.All persons having claims againstthe estate of Mrs. Julia Doyle, deceased, are requested to present samepropei ly proven according to law tothe undersigned for payment. Thoseknowing themselves indebted to saidestate, will please call aund settle.FRANK SULLIVAN,Executor of the Estate of Mrs. JuliaDoyle, Deceased.(24-lmo.)New Barber ShopWin4sor Hotel.Modern Equipment.Polite Service.Everything Sanitary.Children's Work a Specialty.CARL CRAWFORDINSURANCEXAGAINSTFIRE, WINDandLIGHTNINGW. 0. HINT0N,AGENT.For Old. Strong, Reliable,Prompt-Paying Companies, seeme.H, M. HamiltonVeterinarianOffice, Butler's Drug Store Phones261.Residence, E. T. 546; Home, 449.Paris, Ky.(10feb-2mo):Spruce Up!Now is the time to haveyour wearing apparel clean- 3ed and put m order for.Spring.-iWe Do the Work fRight. :Comparison will afford Syou f an opportunity to fjudge. SGive Us a Trial. 2iELECTRICCfchal Appjegate, Props.627 Main St., Paris, Ky,DRY GLEANIG CO.Growing-Childrenon nourishment for trowth.tne Diooa absorbs its strength1.WVResolutionsCoaijWeGood CoalBoth Phones1140OUR BEST OFFER!The Biggest Combination Bargain ofStandard Publications EverOfferedHERE IS THE OFFER:The Bourbon News,l year, $2.GtThe Weekly Enquirer, 1 year, $x.0lFarm and Fireside, semi-monthly, 1year, .50 cents.Household Journal and Floral Life,monthly, 1 year, .50 cents.Poultry Husbandry, monthly, 1year, .50 cents.To-Day's Magazine, monthly, 1year, .50 cents.Our Special Bargain Price forall Six, Each One Year, ?2.75.We consider this the biggest andbest bargain we have ever been ableto offer our readers. Our own publication heads the list. The other fivehave millions of readers and are toowell-known to need a further introduction. Please remember that our contractwith the publishers is limited andthis offer may be withdrawn at anytime. Take abvantage now while theopportunity is yours and you will notregret the investment. If you arealready a subscriber to any of theabove your subscription will be extended one year from the time it expires. Call or mail orders toTHE BOURBON NEWS,Paris, Ky.PILES! PILES! PILESWILLIAMS INDIAN PILE OINTMErWill cure Blind, Bleedinsr and Itchinjr PiIt absorbs the tnmors, allay itching at onacts as a poultice, gives instant relief.For sale by all druggists, mail 50c and itWILLIAMS MFG. CO., Props., Cleveland, 01L. Oberdorfer, Druggist, Paris, Ky.per FAK1LQA1$1,000 to $100 oooW. KING & SON,512 Cheapsidc. lexlncton, KvCANCER CURED1 nuaranrft vapu ? 1 ,.dertake; 20 years practice reference, any citizen of Paris.DR. WM. R. SMITH,Paris, Ky.ONEfWbPOPf BOURBON rOUlTRY CUIEdo"vrn a chick's throat airesfrfpes, A few drops In the.rinking "water cures andprevents cholera, diarrhoeaand other chick diseases. One50c bottle makes 12 gallons ofmedicine At all druggists.Sample and booklet on "Diseases of Fowls" Beat FREEltnrn fcMMtfy C.Iwiiglt,Ir.lceni4'MFor Sale by W. T. Brooks"" v"- a. -s. 'v Er a: r.rV-.THE BOURBON NEWS, PARIS KENTUCKY. APRIL l 1914I Paws QdorkssLet lis Make that Last Winter's Suit or OvercoatLook Like New.You will be surprised when we send your clothes home,and will wonder why you have not tried us before.8 All Work Guaranteed Satisfactorym Men's and Ladies' Panama and Straw Hats Cleaned andM Reblocked.to your satisfaction.I We Call For and Deliver Work.I Call up E. T. Phone 40.1 Paris Odorless Cleaning Co., Sam Levy, Proprietor.2 White Kid Gloves Cleaned, short, 10c; long 25c.VmmK0MKM,-iU IV2HMhtl--rw-THE GREAT SHIPLength 500 feet; breadth 93 feet, 6 inchee; 510 staterooms and parlors accommodating 1500 passengers. Greater in cost larger in all proportions richer in all appointments than any steamer oninland waters of the yrorld. In Eernce June 15lh.Magnificent Steamer. "SEEANDBEE," "City of Erie" and "City of Buffalo"Daily CLEVELAND and BUFFALO May 1st to Dec l.tLeave Cleveland . 8.00 P. M. Leave Buffalo - 8.00 P. XI.Arrhe Bufiklo - 6:30 A.M. Arrive Cle eland 6.30 A.M.(Central Standard Time)Connections at Buffalo for Niagara Falls and all Eastern and Canadian Points. Railroad ticketsreading between Cleveland and Buffalo are good for transportation on oar steamers. Askyour ticket agent for tickets via C. & B. Line. Write us for handsome illustrated booklet free,THE CLEVELAND & BUFFALO TRANSIT CO.. Cleveland. O.'TOBACCOCOTTON9ALL GRADESAt Lowest PricesiTwm2 Seventh and Mainnos.ft Z0 2- CIt is free it tells how you can havelocal and long distance telephone service in your home at very small cost.Send for it today. Write nearest Bell Telephone Manager, orFARMERS' LINE DEPARTMENTCumberland Telephoneand Telegraph CompanyINCORPORATED.--122 SOUTH PRYOR STREET, ATLANTA, GEORGIA.Cleaning Co. t"SEEANDBEE23Sts., Paris, Ky.APostalBringsThisrBookDem store,YOUNGEST SOLDIER.(New York Sun.)Although the youngest soldier waskilled every day or so during the Civilwar, ana alter its close the newspapers would record his -death everyweek or two, athousand or more ofhim very much alive, assembled onthe field at Gettysburg at the recent reunion of the Blue and theGray and exchanged reminiscenses.Among all these candidates for thedistinction whowas really the youngest participant in the Civil War? Unfortunately his identification seems dpractical impossibility unless the nairator of the following incidents isentitled to the honor, as he believeshimself to be.naif a dozen youngish old menwere seated around a table in thecafe of a Broadway hotel discussingthe Gettysburg reunion and the warof the '60s generally. Five of themof had attended the celebration of thefiftieth anniversary of the battle."I suppose," remarked he sixthmember of the group, flicking theashes from his cigar, "that I was entitled to have participated in glorifying the soldiers of the North andSouth on the Gettysburg field, for Iwas a soldier too in '63, although I! was only 8 years old.""What!"His five companions chorused thisejaculation in such tones that peopleat theother tabled looked around."Don't get excited, gentlemen,"calmly said the speaker, who had provoked the verbal explosion."I am not offended at your increduality. I expected it. If you will permit me I will tell you how and whyI am led to conclude that I was thefirst and last the only real baby combatant. "As I have only my memory to drawupon," he went on, "I cannot givethe precise date of the occurrencewhich made ma a fighting soldierwhen only 8 years old."I was liveing at Bay St. Louis,Miss., on the gulf cot, fifty-two milesfrom New Orleans, when that city wasevacuated by the Confederates. Having been born in February, 1855, I wasonly 7 years old when that event occurred, and, of course, only 8 yearsold the following Spring."For a year or more after the fallof New Orleans there would be stationed at Bay St. Louis for short periods a company or two of Confederatecavalry. These companies as a rule,were part of Col. Sibley's regiment.This was an Alabama regiment, butseveral of the officers were old friendsor acquaintances of members of myfamily. The officers frequently cameto our house for dinner they providing most of the fare, of course, as ourlarder was empty and in that way Ibecame known to most of them."That is how I got to know Lieut.Hardy, and how he took a fancy tome. His home was somewhere in theinterior of Alabama, and for all Iknow he may be living now and mayread this account of an incident longsince forgotten by him. When theLieutenant was not at our house Iwould be somewhere near his tent incamp in a ravine a quarter of a milefrom the shore. The young officerwas extremely fond of soft shell crabsand I kept his mess supplied withthem. la return for this attention hewould lend me a carbine, with whichI usually brought down enough squirrels to supply our home table.Confederate Navy Gone."The last vestige of the Confederate navy had vanished from the gulfand Mississippi Sound, and whenevera sailing vessel as large as a schooneror a steamboat appeared off the coastwe knew she had armed Yankeesaboard, and began hiding the silver.One fair day I think it was in Mayor June I was in camp with Lieut.Hardy. He was alone, with the ' exception of an orderly named Stevens.Lieut. Hardy was not well, had rheumatism or something. I recollect hewas limping painfully and had beenleft in the care of the orderly sergeant. "Serg. Stevens had gone fishing(that morning and the Lieutenant andI were getting impatient, as it wasalmost noon, and there was nothingfor dinner except some corn pone andcold coffee made of burnt sweet po' tato and parched corn. It was justj noon by the sun. I remember dis-sinctly when Stevens came running1 up and breathlessly dropped a bunchof croakers in the little brook bywhich the Lieutenant and I sat, Hesaluted and jerked out:j " 'High pressure steamboat black. with Yankees coming to anchor abouta mile up the road!'! "The Lieutenant's horse was about1 twenty yards off and I was on his backbefore 1 slipped off the halter andbridled him as I galroped to the tentto which the officer had hobbled inOlder to arm himself. I was aboutto slip off the animal's back butLieut. Hardy told me to stay where I( was. Then he handed me a carbine.I Stevens had galloped up by this time,j armed with carbine and a pair of Jiolsi tered revolvers. The LieutenantI strapped a big navy six around hisi waist, a weapon he nad acquired durj ing or after some previous encounterj with the enemy, and with, the assistance of Stevens he straddled the norse' in front of me.IA Big Sternwheeler."We rode out of the glen wherecamp was pitched to the shell roadi that skirted around on a bluff back ofa fine white sand beach in order tolocate the enemy. There, just as theseigeant had said, about a mile distant in the direction of New Orlenasand another mile from the beach, wasa big sternwheeler like those in theRed River and the Ouachita trade.She was swarming with men andin the clear, bright sunlight we couldsee them preparing to lower thesmall boats." 'A ,' the Lieutenant said . toime, 'do you know the way back towhere they are lying?' "" 'Course I do, I replied." 'Then you get around here infrontv and we'll have some fun.''Ivslld off the horses crupper -andwith the Lieutenant's assistancescrambled up to where the pommel ofthe saddle would have been. I hadhad hunted huckleberries and chinquapens all over those woods and hadsneaked into the back- yards and gardens after watermelons and oranges,so I had no trouble in locating: thegunboat, as I called her, opposite the!Yure place. We turned in toward theSound back of the Yure place and Idiscovered that I had miscalculated byabout 500 yards. All the houses hadwharves running out about 300 yardsinto the water, with a bathhouse atthe far end."The shell road ended opposite towhere we stood and a sand road ranlumpily and crookedly for about aquarter of a mile farther, ending atthe bank of a marsh bayou. TheYankees had two boatloads of men atthe wharf of the last house along theroad and more were coming. Theywere all negroes, it seemed."Back of us the first house was onethat had just been completed whenNew Orleans fell and had never beenfurnished or occupied.. We hitchedthe two horses in a clump of cedarsand went into the house through theback door, which was unlocked.Surprise the Yankees."Lieut. Hardy led the way into aloom with three windows that facedthe shell road. He took the middlewindow, with me on the right andStevens on the left next to the road.What in the world those Yankees expected to find out there I have neverbeen able even to surmise. Not asoul lived within a mile and a halfand there was nothing worth confiscating. But there they were, about500 of them, it appeared to me, in along straggling line from the end ofthe shell road to the bath house onthe wharf. They were too far off foreffective work with our carbines, butI had mine resing on the window silland was sighting straight at the brassbuttons on a. big black man's chest." 'Don't shoot until I say fire!' warned Lieut. Hardy."In a few moments it might havebeen half an hour, for all the reckoning of time that I was capable of taking they came marching straight toward us, four abreast, a blue andbrassy line that loomed up like a column of gigantic Ot:;ellos." 'Sergeant,' whispered the Lieutenant, 'you take the man on "the rightand A , you plug that big fellow onthe left.'"The officers were still formingthem into line under the trees whilethe first file marched off toward us,taking advantage of the shade and theshell road, the sand being too deepand hot further along. They mayhave come there for drilling purposes,as their marching showed them to beraw recruits, but fifty-odd miles wasa long way to a drill ground. Theywere not more than seventy-five yardsoff when the order came to fire. Iheard only two reports, almost together, and saw two men plunge forward to the road. There was no answering fire, and we were out of. theroom and halfway to the horses whenI looked back and saw the blacktroops plunging madly through thesand to the wharf and out to theboats.The Enemy Is Routed."We didn't know what might happen, though, and did not stop untfiwe were at the point from which wilocated the steamboat. There in. security we watched the enemy scrambling out of the small boats that hadnot capsized in the mad rout. Hundreds of men were in the water andsome must have drowned, althoughonly one body was washed ashore sofar as I ever heard. There was onlya shot apiece in the carbines, but wecertainly did do effective work in thefighting line. I had missed my man,I was convinced, and was very muchashamed and mortified in consequence. "It was fully three-quarters of anhour after we had left the scene thatthe steamboat, vhich was armed withseveral cannon, opened fire on theempty house from which the bladeshad been ambushed. The bombard-1ment was kept up for two hours ormore, but only two or three shotstook effect upon the house. Wc boysat the bay subsequently found acouple of cartloads of cannon ballslniDeaaeu m uie auuuj uiuu. ("'One of us must have only wound- ied his man,' generously commented to contract typhoid or some other feLieut. Hardy, when we finally sat rep The digestiVe organs performdown to the fish Stevens had caught game functions in thbe humn bodand he had noticed how depressed Ias the plUrabing dose for the housefwmi. a- i i - !and tney should be kept in. first-class"The ankees never tried to recovcondition aU thQ f hayeer the bodies of the dead men and trouble with vnnr diction tnirpthey were buried by the people of thebay."It was in 1887, nearly a quarter ofa century later, that I was night cityeditor of a New York morning newspaper, when one night the makeupman handed me a note written onproof paper saying one of the printershad asked him to hand it to me. Thiswas the note as I recollept it:"'I would like to see you afterwork about Bay St, Louis in '63. !Stevens Turns Up."It was signed 'Stevens,' with twoinitials I have forgotten. It recallednothing to me, and, as we had to boildown matter for a twelve-page paperinto one of six pages, I had no time topuzzle over it and dismissed the notefrom my mind."Therefore, when I was accostedthe foot of the stairs at about 2:45a. m. by a grizzled and shabby individual who called himself Stevens, Iwas at first nonplussed. We went intoa saloon across the street, and overthe glass of beer the old printer toldme this story:" 'I am Sergt. Stevens, who, withyou and Lieut. Hardy, licked a regiment of nigger Yankees at Bay St.Louis in 1863. Of course you remember it, but you don't know the facts.I owe you an apology, and I am gladto have the chace to make it." 'I was 24 years old then, and maybe you reccollect how I used to showyou how to put a carbine bulletthrough the head of a runing squirrel.I prided myself on my markmanship,and that Avas why I did not say anything at the time about my gun having-missed fire when you and Hardyplugged the colored tioops .j "Yes, sir, that's the honest truth.You'll find it on the ,top of eachgenuineCORTRIGHTMetal ShingleIt is put there to protect you as wellas us from the imitator. Roofs coveredwith these shingles 27 years ago aregood today, and have never needed repairs That's why they're imitated..Lherefore, look for this stamp.I For Sal WBEST & HAWKINS,The cap, the old percussion kind, youremember, failed to explode, and thebullet that should h-ive got a thirdYankee was in the carbine when Ioverhauled it that evening. So, as youand the Lieuteant were the only onesto fire, and as there were two darkieskilled, you must have got one ofthem.'"I never saw Stevens after thatmorning. He had been subbing forthe regular men in the office, andwhen he .got Ms pay that afternoonhe resumed his wandering.""You win!" said each of the fivelisteners, shaking his hand in turn.Then they called the waiter.DEAFNESS CANNOT 3E CUREDby local applications, -as they cannotreach the diseased portions of the ear.There is only one way to cure deafness, and that is by constitutionalremedies. Deafness is caused by aninflamed condition ot the mucouslining of the Eustachian Tube. Whenthis tube is inflamed you have a rumbling sound or imperfect heanng, andwhen it is entirely closed deafness isthe result, and unless the inflammation can be taken out and this tube irestored to its normal condition, thehearing will be destroyed forever;nine cases out of ten are caused byCatarrh, which is nothing but an inflamed condition of the mucous surfaces. We will give One Hundred Dollarsfor any case of deafness (caused bycatarrh) jthat cannot be cured byHall's Ca'tarrh Cure. Send for circulars, free.F. J. CHENEY & CO., Toledo, O.Sold by druggists, 75c.Take Hall's Family Pills for constipation. (April) (adv)"Let's kiss and make up," said S.Riginella, in New York, ofter beingcalled down by a movie show usher.The usher cracked Riginella's skullwith an iron bar when the latterseized him and bit his lip.is SicknessA SHI? A Sin of. . Commissionor a Sin of mission? Or JJotn?We transgress Nature's laws, the Liverstrikes, tneu we omit or neglect untilwe ache or sicken.Loosenthe dammed-up bile. Keep itloose with the old time-tried May AppleHoot, (PodophyUin.) Podophvllin withthe gripe taken, out is calledFor Sate by All Druggists.Rejected Manuscript.Answer to Corrrespondent. Wehave no space for your story, "R. A.W.;" it reminds us cf the North Country bill posting candidate who implored the local public to stick up forhim because he had stuck up for them.London Globe.LOOK TO YOUR PLUMBING.You know what happens in a housein whipl. tbo T,i11Tr,v11T1,r io : W1 nnnAi.tion evervhodv in t.hP. iimis i lishii Chamberlain's Tablets andnhamar.ainf0 rp0uw0 07i oyou areFor sale(adv)f certain to get quick relief.by all dealers.AprilMore than 370,000,000 feet of lymberare. usedw each year in t New Yck .inmaking boxes.Every Coagk Scatters GermsTO STOP THE SPREAD of colds In the family,allay the first couching by Soothing andSmoothing the inflamed bronchial tubes withDr. Bell'sPINE-TAR-HONEYIt also Inhibits furtherMTELL BY THK BELL"or Sals by All DruggistsBQa&d Granny Metcalfe says "ItHVKA ain't what you're goin' toIHC 0 its what you do do thatVTBkV counts when jrou're ailing."v3J Se' 0e" '00 A AH?- s,?: ;r".'i-V-M-.- N '-" if: SZZXL,-i? -V-1NS.,,SjC-i2 IS V 'M. "- X -." SWr-1 - 4.1MHIersbprg, KentuckyCOUNTY COURT DAYSBelow is a list of the days CoaetfCourts are held each month in m mmties tributary to Paris:Anderson, Lawrecesurg, 3d Xicm5&Bath, Owingsville, 2d Monday.Bourbon, Paris, l,t Monday."Boyle, Danville, 3d Mondav.Breathitt, Jackson, 4th Mo'nriarv:Clark, Winchester, 4th Monday.Fayette, Lexington, 2d Mondav.Fleming, Flemingsburg, 4th MoagFranklin, Frankfort, 1st Monday.Garrard, Lancaster 4th Monday:Grant, Williamstown, 2d Monday.Harrison, Cynthiana, 4th Monday.Henry, Newcastle, 1st Monday."Jessamine, Nicholas ville, CtflvfaaAQLee, Beattyville, 4th MondayLincoln, Stanford, md Monday.Madison, Richmond 1st MondayMason, Maysville, 1st Monday.Mercer, Harrodsburg, 1st MonitjvMontgomery, Mt. Sterling, 3VS 1&9Cday.Nicholas, Carlisle, 2d Monday.Oldham, Lagrange, 4th Monday.Owen, Owenton, 4th MondayPendleton, Falmoicn, 1st MondayPowell, Stanton, 1st Monday.Pulaski, Somerset, 3rd Monday.Scott, Georgetown, 2d Monday".Shelby, Shelbyville, 2d Monday.Wayne, Montecello, 4th Monday.Woodford, Versailles, 4th McTREESStrawberry PlantFruit and Shade TreeShrubs, Asparagus, GrayerVines, Rhubarb, PeoniesPhlox, Seed Potatoes, etcEverything for OrchardLawn and Garden.Free Catalog No Agex;H. F. Hillenmeyer & Sms,Lexington, Ky.Nurserymen Since 184120feb2mo)Gtasrittmg! IPlumbing and Elecri- .cal Work in AllTheir BranchesMasda (Tungsfon) LampsStoves, Ranges.rand Appliances.Spicer &Gilchrist,Qks' Building X-E. E. Phone, 103 .Home Phone, 1011'Special Rates S'xcnrsiiis,Round trip Winter Tourists tprincipal winter resorts in Alsfr&mm,,Florida, Georgia, Louisiana, MtemeBippi, South Carolina and HaTaaaCuba, on sale Saily Oct 1, 1913, ?mtitApril 30, 1914, with final limit My MU- :1914; also to principal winterin Texas and New Mexico, o?adaily Nov. 1, 1913, to April 3t, IMf,.with final limit May 31, 1914. iSfreiaFstopovers allowed on all winter t9WBist tickets. Also low round txifSHomeseekers' tickets to points. ifJUabma, Florida, Louisiana, Mfssiseifcpon sale first and third Tuesdays in"each month, final limit 25 days fromdate of sale. Stop-overs alkrwfTjHomeseekers' territory., For fin fiinformation call on or addrasj,W. H. KARRIS, Afwi,.T. K. SMITH, TI JJL. sr r I--'5S - c-H - - J -- ' ' A. T-V1 ' f V- -'.X,-"SP'J--4usJ k V -.V -A iny.A.'-w.' tJr ?' '":::t".y.-?V-V3v- 'V -"THE BOURBON NEWS, PARIS, KYj, APRIL ,10, 1914Embryo C8k Co.Presenting This Week:Easter Millinery"iOur Direct Importations and .Embryo Hats of Greater Beauty"The presentation will demonstrate once againEmbryo leadership in Fashionable Millinery.The influence Watteau and Boucher upon the modesis met in these Hats by transformations of the charming"shepherdess" Hats worn in the Petit Trianon and pictured by these artists. They are in perfect harmony withthe frilled and panniered modes of dress.Yet simplicity rules. These Hats depend for themost part upon originally and grace of line, upon beautyof color, upon the exquisite placing of the trimming.They convey an extraordinary effect of youth and ofstyle. (Every heralded new effect horsehair lace, flowersof tartan silks, flowers of colored glass, enameled ribbons, the lizere braids, the burnt ostrich plumes, the newtones of beetroot, fox-glove, turco, tete de negre, jChinese blues all appear in a bewildering collection of newbeauty.We invite you to come' to-day and study the loveliestHats we have ever shown in an authorative display of thenew fashions.Embryo CS, Co.Main Street East, Lexington, Ky.x.iDEATHSDOYLE.Miss Katie Doyle, 56' years old,died at her home on High street. Shehad been an invalid for the past eightyears, seldom being able to leave herhome, but had been confined to lierhad ben confined to her bed for onlyabout two weeks. She was the daughter of the late Mr. and Mrs. BernardDoyle, and is" survived by two sisters,Mrs. Annie Woods and Mrs. LukeConnelly, DOth-of this city.The funeral was held Thursdaymorning at 10 o'clock at the Catholicchurch, with services by Rev. FatherEugene De Bruyn. The pall-bearerswere T. C. Lenihan, Frank Jacobs,Muray Higgins, Joseph Higgins, JohnConnell and George Doyle.ANDERSON.Col. Hugh S. Anderson died Tuesday afternoon at theLancaster Hotel,in Georgetown, where he had made hishome for several years. He had beenin feeble health for some time, thoughhis death was directly due to injuriesreceived from a fall two weeks ago.He was seriously ill about a year agoand had never fully regained hishealth. He was 76 years old and wasborn near Oxford. He had been a resident of Georgetown for twenty yearsand was at one time postmaster there.He was married in 1866 to Miss Elvina Allen, who died four years ago.He is survived by seven children, Robert Anderson, of Georgetown, for anumber of years chairman of the Democratic Committee of Scott county,and Mayor of Georgetown; Mrs. WillKelly, Georgetown; Mrs. Earl Ferguson, Fayette county; and Mrs. J. S.Roberts, Paris; Dr. Everett Anderson,Manila; Clarence and Meredith Anderson, Lakeview, Ore. He was anuncle of Mrs. Will Carrick and MessrsJoe and Bob Ward. He was a member of the First Baptist church ofGeorgetown.RELIGIOUSThe Epworth League will observeits annual sunrise prayer service Sunday morning at 6 o'clock, at the Methodist church. The pufilic is invitedto attend this service.Rev Dr. B. M. Shive, who is attending 'the Presbytery at Grayson,returned home yesterday and willfill his pulpit at the Presbyterianchurch Sunday" morning and evening.-Rev. Dr. C. C. Fisher, of the Millersburg Female College, will occupythe pulpit at the Methodist churchSunday morning at 10:45 o'clock.The night services will be in chargeof-the Epworth League and the publicis cordially invited to attend. Sundayschool at 9:30 o'clock..I Spring Opening and GorgeousDisplay ofHomeDraperies and IZaee Curtains IDRESSES.Dresses of all kinds atmon's.Harry Si-EASTER FIXINGS".ATWOLF, WILE & COMPANY'STHE PLACE TO BUY WAISTS.The best line of Waists that wasever brought to Paris can be found atSimon's. .lililiL.HEALTH BOARD NOTICE.PARIS KY., April 6, 1914.Owners of hogs and pigs must havethem removed from the city by thelotii of April.Those having manure are especially urged to have it removed. It is adangerous fly breeder. Get rid of it.jtfr. John Sauer, Mr. Win. Sauer orMr. Estes, on the rtassenfoss farm,"will call for it. During the Spring andsummer months it must not remainin heaps longer than ten days.Screen your windows.Get out all ashes, trashy stuff and-i2tc by Tuesday night, the 15th. Thecity wagons will call for it Wednesday, the 16th, (next week.)By order of City Health Board.DR. A. H. KELLER,apr7td City Health Officer.EPWORTH LEAGUE TO HOLDOPEN SESSION SUNDAY NIGHTEASTER FLOWERS.IPhone your order today for Easter .-flowers. We furnish only the best. !(It) JOE VARDEN. iTHEY ARE 3EAUTIES.Don't put off buying one of3$22.50 blue serge suits. Theybeauties. 'MITCHELL &BLAKEMORE(7-2t)ourareThe Paris Epworth League of theMethodist church will hold an opensession Sunday night, at 7 o'clock, atthe church.The thirty-one new members recently elected will be formally recognized. The Epworth League choirhas prepared special Easter musicwhich will be rendered at this service.Miss Mattie Lilleston will presideat the organ and Mrs. H. M. Hamiltonwill assist" with the violin.The program follows:Voluntary Organ,j "Hallelujah! Christ is Risen!" Epworth League Choir."All Hail the Power of Jesus' Name"i Congregation.Scripture Lesson.Prayer Mr. H. A. Power.Solo "Chime, Sweet Easter Bells"Mrs. James Grinnell, Jr.Address "Easter in the Catacombs.and Now" Dennis V. Snapp.j "Our Lord is Risen From the Dead"Choir.Recognition Service.Announcements,j Offering,t "Crown Him" Choir.League Benediction.mu'HiN 'WE BEG TO ANNOUNCEthat on Tuesday, March 3d, weplace on sale Spring Styles inNETTLETON SHOES(he footwear; of distinction for menGeo. McWffliamsThe Shoe ManiItBRONAUGH-GARBERFriends in this city have receivedthe following invitations:Mr. and Mrs. Perry H. Bronaughwill give in marriagetheir daughterSusan AlmyratoMr. Frederick Henry Garber, Jr.,Wednesday evening, April fifteenth,Nineteen hundred and fourteenat seven o'clockBroadway Christian ChurchLexington, Kentucky.The honor of your presence is requested. "The following cards are enclosed:At HomeAfter June First316 North Thirty-Second StreetRichmond, Virginia.HARP-GARNETT.A license was isused by CountyClerk Paton Tuesday to Miss EthelTIarp and Mr. Josepu Garnett, both ofBourbon county, and they were united j 2in marriage by County Judge Mc- jMillan. rSClothes. Gloves, Hats, Shirts, canes,all the 'latest decrees of fashion.J. W. DAVIS & CO.Sheriff's SaleBy virtue of Execution No. 1094 directed to me which issued from theClerk's Office of the Bourbon, CircuitCourt, m favor of the Millersburg.Coal & Lubber Company against Mrs. jJesse B. Barton, I will on IMONDAY, MAY 4TH, 1914,between the hours of 11 o'clock, a. mand 12 o'clock, m., at the Court Housedoor in Paris, Bourbon County, Ky.,expose to public sale, to the highestbidder, the life estate of Mrs. JesseJB. Barton in and to the followingproperty (which was allotted to heras dowr in the estate of Joshua Barton, dec'd) or so much thereof as maynecessary to satisfy Plaintiff's debt, ;interests and costs, to-wit: jBeginning at A, a stone corner toJones, thence N 71 1-4 E 10.10 chainsto B, a stone corner to said Jones;thence N 12 1-4 W 8.20 chains, to C, astone corner to same; thence N 78 3-4E 6.08 chains to D, a stone corner tosame; thence N 29 1-8 W 26.80 chainsto X, an iron pirf, a corner to No. 5;thence with No. 5 S 44 W 34.61 chainsto R, a corner to No. 2, at an iron pin;thence crossing creek and a pool S 60W 2.00 chains to Q, an iron pin, a corner to No. 2; thence S 28 3-4 E 18.90chains to P, an iron pin, a corner tosame and No. 1; thence with No.l N67 1-2 E 17.26 chains to the beginning;containing 86 acres. iTERMS Sale will be made fourmonths' time with 6 per cent, interestfrom date of sale. Bond with approved surety to be approved by the undersigned. The amount to ,be raisedon day of sale $253.18.Witness my hand, this 6th day ofApril, 1914.A. S. THOMPSON, S. B. C.(10-17-24)a yard Large assortment of ribbon edged andhem-stitched Scrims, Voiles and Marquisettes,in white, cream and ecru. The reerular 25rquality, at 1 8cfl8ca Yard!15ca yard A variety of 36-inch ribbon edgedScrims in white and cream only, the recognized20c quality, at 15c a Yarda yard Excellent quality of hemstitchedhighly mercerized Marquisettes, in white creamand ecru, 40 inches wide.This week at 23c a Yard!23c$1.98oa pair Special sale of 2 1-2 yards long Marquisettes ready to use Curtains, made udhem stitched and- lace edged, colors white, tcream and ecru. These have been ready sellers at $2.50a. iJctit. opecictiiy yrictiu ciL .- .bJcliea yard Full line of Picot Edgings for curtains, inwhite, cream and ecru, regular 5c a yard qualityat 1c a YardWall Papers Matched to ourTaken For These on Request.Cretonnes and OrdersSee Our Booklet Entitled"Draping the Home."Estimates gladly furnished on Draperies, Lace Curtains and Shades. Our Mr. McKellar will call at -yourhome and take measurements. He will suggest plans fordraping rooms or entire house. Promptness of deliveryand satisfaction guaranteed.Wolf,Wile & Co.Jormerli Jrzaufmanj Straus dc CcLexinfifton, K.v. !4 $w r - "EASTER MILLINERY.The newest styles in fancy trimmedand street hats can be found at Harry Simon's.CARLISLE BOY TAKES SMALLPOX FROM PATIENT IN PARISWilliam Harper, son of Mr. andMrs. Robert Harper, of Carlisle, wasstricken with small-pox a few daysago. The disease 'was communicatedto the boy by Harve Kennedy, whoescaped from the- pest house near thiscity, and went to Carlisle. Kennedywas taken in charge by the Nicholascounty officials and returned to Paris.It is said that he visited the Harperhome in Garlisle, and where severalwere exposed.THEATRICAL.The Paris Grand.We told you when we secured thelease on the Paris Grand Opera House dthat we would show legitimate attractions at the local theatre, provided wecould .get as good shows as Lexingtongets; if not we would not show any atall.In other words, we do not intend toput on the road shows that are playing the small towns charging big cityprices when the shows are not reallyworth 10, 20 and .31 cents. Now wehave secured the Keith Vaudevillethrough Mr. Charles Berryman, of. theBen Ali Theatre, Lerrrngton, to appearat the Paris Grand on Thursday night,April 16. The Keith Vaudeville isthe best that appeals :n the ColumbiaTheatre, Cincinnati, the Mary Anderson, Louisville, the Palace, New York,and the rest of the big theatres.We will put on the Keith bill hereThursday nierht. beerinnine- nmmntiv(at eight o'clock, and will use Prof.Gregg s ten piece Orchestra. Theprices will be: Gallery, 25 cents r firstthree rows reserved at 35 cents; Balcony, including boxes, 50 cents; Lower floor, including boxes, 75 cents.The tickets are now on sale at theAlamo Theatre.Paris people have the reputation otpaying for anything that is good. Webelieve you will. Now is your chanceto see the best vaudeville in the worldand it is up to you whether you wishus to continue giving you Keith Vaudeville or not. If you want it thensupport it. If you don't want it it willbe taken off as quick as it was put on.Paris will have the honor of being thesmallest town in the country that evershowel Keith Vaudeville. Don't forget the date, Thursday evening, April16, at S:00 o'clock, sharp. Priced 25,50 and 75 cents' Eettpr e-P vnnr soatS12JmimjM& jrSX -.sjs&rBZrJSisr.OPENING OFEFRIGERAT0RS; 32 Patterns to Pick Prom32Just received one car load of Refrigerators and Ice Boxesand we are going to of f er for the next 1 5 days a big specialcut in prices, and they are all the 'New Iceburgthe kind that makes the best pleased customers. Let usshow you while the line is on our floor.Protect your health by using a New Iceburg Refrigeratorand also protect your pocket with the small ice bill that it2 takes to run one of them.I A.fF. Wheeler Furniture Co.X " CHAS. GREEN, Manager-Opp. Court House,:. .OeQe9O9999(iuadvance.(adv) i. . - iV f- i ,tsA,. -v--,"f..AJi- fitTHE-; BOURBON, NEWS,' "PARIS, ' KENTUCRY, ' APRIL 10, 1914JVVMw&jCy rHAS THE BESTOF ALL LINES MADEDO IT NOW.SOCIAL AND PERSONAL.NICHOLAS COURT APPROPRIATES$.10,000 FOR MODEL HIGHWAYMr. Robert Roche, of Louisville, ishere on a visit to relatives.Mrs. Thomas Allen and daughter jare waning in ynuiiaiiu.Miss Corinne Collins is ill with jtonsilitis at her home on High street.Mrs. William Remington and Mrs.Smoot will entertaih Saturday after-The Nicholas"" County Fiscal Courthas made an appropriation of $10,000to construct a model road from Carlisleto Millersburg, this county.EASTER SHOES.Now Jis the time tobuy your Gas Stovesbis "fore the Spring noon at cards.rush rK. W ran I Mrs. J. A. Stern will leave Sundaydo the work promptly.Paris Gas & Electric Co.MISS HUNT TAKES UPWORK IN NICHOLAS COUNTYMiss Emma Hunt, the visiting nursesent here by the State TuberculosisAssociation, who a few days ago completed her labors, and making her renort. returned to Frankfort, has beenassigned to Nicholas county to take jup the work there.for an extended visit to Birminghamand New Orleans.Mr. C. L. Steenbergen is confinedto his home on Vine street sufferingj with an attack of grip.Mrs. W. V. Ditchen, of Chicago,I 111., arrived yesterday for a visit toher mother, Mrs. S. M. Wilmoth.Mr. S. T. Chipley, who has beenconfined to his home for several days,suffering with grip, is able to be out.Miss Rosina Elder and Miss McCreary of Paris, were guests -of Mrs.E. V. Elder, in Richmond, the pastweek.Misses Margaret Toohey andDon't attempt to dress up for Easter with a pair of rusty shoes. Comein and let us show you somethingswell in shoes and Oxfords for Springwear. New line just in this week,which includes the very latest in advanced Spring styles for men, womenand children.(7-2t) GEORGE McWILLIAMSi Marv Rrnnnnn nf tliic; oitv ovo riait.THE CHILDREN'S EASTER STORE). - ""' ; " n"' if i wT."0 'liuu ...wiu. -UUV 1UUUVU1 L, AAX IV lil"Norfolk Suits $5 to $15. Children'sHats, Blouses, Underwear, Hosiery.J. W. DAVIS & CO.AT SIMON'S.All the most up-to-date Skirts canDe found at Simon's.STATE W. C. T. U. TOMEET IN WINCCHESTERThe State meeting of the Woman'sChristian Temperance Union will beheld in Winchester on the first Friday in October. This date was chosen Tuesday at a conference between?Jrs. Frances Beauchamp, the Statepresident, and the Executive Committee of the local organization. Winchester's invitation had been acceptedsome time ago by the Executive Committee of the State W. C. T. U.NEWEST MODELS.Skirts, Moire and Taffetanewest models at Simon's.in theTHE BEST ONLY.Phone Joe Varden for the bunch ofcut flowers you intend to send to yourbest girl on Easter. He furnishesonly the best. Do it today. (It)RESIDENCE PROPERTY ONSEVENTH STREET WITHDRAWNThe frameottage of Mr. J. D. Shy,en Seventh street, was offered at public sale Tuesday afternoon and withdrawn on a bid of $2,275. The 'property was first offered in two parcels,first a forty-five foot lot on Hendersonstreet, was bid to $350 by Mr. J. W.Havden; then the lesidence was bidto $1,625 by Mr. A. B. Lovell. Theproperty was then offered as a wholeand was "bid to 2,275 by Mr. R. K.McCarney.SOMETHING REAL NEW.A new line of Blouses, Lace, Georgette Crepe, Crepe de Chine, in all the Inew shades, can be found, at SimonsFOR EASTER WEAR.An English suit for the youn815 to $25. .J. W. DAVIS & COWANTED.Chester.Misses Marian and Elizabeth KClay Alexander, who attend school inCincinnati, are at home for the Eastervacation.Mrs. Craig, who has been here ona visit to her sister, Mrs. Joseph M.Rion, has returned 10 her home inVcvay, Ind.Mr. and Mrs. L. D. Redmon andMrs. D. G. Taylor have returned' froma isit with Mrs. Sarah D. Tracy, inWinchester.Mrs. Elizabeth Howse has returned to her homein Carlisle after avisit to her daughter, Mrs. RudolphDavis, in this city.Little Hallie Louise, daughter ofMr. and Mrs. Robert Frank, was opeiated on at the Massie Hospital,Tuesday, for adenoids.Misses Louise Steele, MatildaJames and Katherine Marsh are athome from Margaret College, Versailles, to spend Easter.Mrs. Withers Davis, who has beenunder treatment at the Massie Hospital, was able to be taken to herhome on Pleasant street.Mrs. A. R. Robertson, formerlyMiss Lillie Austin, of near Paris, isvisiting here previous to going to NewHaven, Conn., to reside.Messrs. Louis P. Harris and W. S.Merchant, Traveling Pasenger Agentsof the 'Frisco Lines, were guestsTnesday of Mr. W. H. ilarris.Grey Elrod, of this city, was taken to the St. Joseph Hospital, inLexington, Tuesday, for treatment.He is suffering from typhoid fever.Miss Mabel Robbins left Wednesday to attend the annual conferencefor education, now in session in Louisville. Miss Robbins returned yesterday evening. 'Mrs. Mamie Hill, of Dewitt, Ark.,who was called here on account of thedeath of her father, Mr. Joseph M.Rion, will remain with her mother until next week.Dr. C. J. Clarke has returnedfrom Christiansburg, W. Va., wherehe was called on account of the illnessof his daughter, Mrs. J. S. Mererith,who is some better.Miss Elizabeth Fisher, a teacherin the Paris City School, was takenito the Massie Memorial Hospitali Tuesday night suffering with appendicitis, and was operated on by Dr. Barman, j roWf of Lexington. She is gettingI along nicely.! Attorney Robert C. Talbott hasi moved his family from the home they jhave occupied tor several years ulSTATED CONCLAVE OFPARIS CHAPTER TO-NIGHT.A stated convocation of Paris Chapter No. 15, Royal Aicti Masons, Paris,Ky., will be held on Friday, the 10thday of April, 1914, at 7:30 o'clock, p.m. Work in several degrees. Allmembers requested to attend.N. K. tflON, H. P.JOE H. EWALT, Secretary.LOWE B.ROS.' STANDARD PAINTS.We are exclusive agents for LoweBros.' High Standard Paints, none better ever put in a bucxet; also oils,brushes, putty, etc.Mr. Frank O'Neil, who has hadyears of experience, will make estimates on all work. Leave your orderswith us.CHAS. E. BUTLER & CO.,(It) ' Opp. Court House.THE BEST EVER.The best line of Suits everbrought to Paris can be found at Simon's.All kinds of Automobile Insurance.lmy ROXIE DAVIS.WILL MOVE BUSINESS.Mr. Carl Crawford will move hisbarber shop from the present locationat the Windsor Hotel to the northeastcorner of Main and Fourth streets., onor about the 15th of the month. Mr.Crawford enjoys a large patronageand he invites his customers to followhim to his new quarters. ,(7-2t)hi (HCTBttCESSl ; HMIlrPlHI'iHLITERARY CLUB PLANSCAMPAIGN AGAINST FLYThe last meeting of the Paris -LiteraryClub for the current year washeld Wednesday afternoon at theClub parlors. This was President'sDay, and no regular program had beenprepared. The hour was spetet inhearing reports of the various officersand committees, and a general discussion of plans for future work. It wasdecided to undertake a vigorous campaign againt'the house fly, the methodof the campaign to be left with thecivic committee of the closing yearand that of the next club year.EASTER SHOES.The very latest things in shoes forEaster. Our low cuts and slippers forladies and misses are dreams. Callin and look them over.It FELD'S SHOE STORE.CONFEDERATE DAUGHTERS TOHAVE SALE SATURDAYThe members of Richard HawesChapter, United Daughters of the Confederacy, will have a sale of ediblesSaturday, April 11, at the drug storeof Clarke & Co. Everything good onthe market will be offered.IARE YOUGOING FISHING?If so, see our line ofFishing: Tac He. We havethe most complete inParis, and our prices areright.Fishing Poles (jointed)at 25c, 35c, 50c, 75c andSI. 25. Brass Reels at10c and 25c. Nicke1Plated Reels at 50c, 75cand $1.00. Lines fromoc to $1.00.A complete assortmentof corks, hooks, sinkers,at all prices. When youare ready come in andlet us supply you. You'llbe pleased and so will we.People's PharmacyDoyle IJuiltling Sth and ItfainBoth PhonesISI' EASTER .'"ACCESSORIESWe have all the fouchcps io make the new dress prettier and that old dress loek new.Beautiful neckwear and frillings.Uptodate shopping hags, including the "Tango,r ai&JRitzCarIton."See our new Rosebud Jewelry.Exquisite Ribbons for sashes and sash girdles.Beads for every gown.See the "Fascination Veils. -tffcThe latest Easter Eld Gloves, best $1.00 and $1.50 Glove gmade. 'Siik Hosiery We have in stock 75 dozen Wayne Kak-and McCallum Silk Hose, the best in the world, at 50c 75c, 1$1.00, $1.50 and $2.75 a pair.xW. Ed Tucker.Paris' Only Exclusive Dry Goods Store.ILmmmof iGem9m999m9mm99999Mmi6rf9&tmBORLAND'SThe Home of Good Wall PaperViWALL PAPER TALK No. 2.Can't wetalk with you about the wall paper or interior decorating you are going to have done this Spring?Right now is a good time to take the matter up. Comein and et us show you what is new 'in wall papers. Ofcourse when it conies to producing good results, the services of a master mechanic are required; also intelligentassistance in regard to the selection of the design andcolor of the wall paper. We can offer both practical suggestions and competent workmen.LOOK US UP!514 Main St., Next to Mrs. Mamie IParlcer.TELEPHONE 159 ;! ))A man to cultivate on the shares,ten acres in tobacco. Good land, barnand sticks. Three-room house.7-2t R. B. HUTCHCRAFT.Special OfferingGas Ranges! ;THE J. T. HINTON CO.Austerlitz. to the Stephenson place,near Clintonville. Mr. Talbott's son-in-law,Mr. Virgil Gaitskill, and family,wil continue, to reside at the homeplace.Mrs. J. S. Hamilton and little son,YOUNG MEN'S CLUE -John, of Two Rivers, Wisconsin, andHOLD INTERESTING MEETING j Mrs Alice Sweeney, of this city, re-turned Wednesday evening, afterThe Young Men's Club recently or- SDPI1dinr a month in Florida, for theganized, held their second meeting atthe Christian church Tuesday night,which was well attended by the youngas well as by the older members. Jnthe absence of President Kiser Mr. E.T. Hinton presided, and many interesting topics were aiscussea oy nunbenefit of the health of the son ofMrs. Hamilton. She will remain herefor several days before going to herhome in Wisconsin.Miss Alice Rogers Clay, the atti active daughter of Mr. and Mrs. S.G. Clay, who is auenaing scnooi inFor the Next15 DaysLet us demonstrateto you in our storebefore the rush.L F. Wheeler Furniture Co,CHAS. GREEN, Manager.12mReuben Hutchcraft, Professor prent- Cincinnati, will arrive Home to-day, ac- iice Lancaster, Prof. Hendrix, Mr. A. ronr03niHl by he- uo wlico :ujvjs,L. Boatriaht and others as to future . Mis:os Mary Buii-c -, o Miyft-ld, ,plans for programs and general enter-1 oad jeanette Sherrill, of Mason countainments for all ages. Committees j tv Mn an(j ;&Irs clay will entertainwotp nnnnintfid to investigate the ad- r;r Vmnor this evening with avtaahilitv of a swimming pool, tennis! .?,.. at their country home on theicourt and other exercises intended j Maysville pike. Invitations have been !for the betterment, of the boys. iJrot. . is2ue(i to about forty of the young peo-Monrtriv TVTfissrs. Uoatright. Hintonand O'Neill landered one of theirquartette selections, which addedmuch to the evening's enjoyment.The next regular meeting will be heldTuesday evening, April 21. Don't forget to come.' pie of the city and county.ELIZASETH F. REED'SADMINISTRATOR NAMED.ALL SHADES AND MODELS.A new line of Suits, Chiffon, TaffetaSilk, Moire, Poplins in all new shades,and models, at Harry Simon's.BUY.NCountv Judge C. A. McMillan Tuesday appointed C. I. Kenney administrator of the estate of Elizabeth F.Reed. He qualified .'ith Maud Reedand R. H. Kenney as sureties.0f )! i run. ! ihij II k?N. US " Zl 'H .. .time Tj jjjjwy ? o- 40Be COMPOOTABLBvSmk&M wk. Jlllllls'siiIT SS OURSpecial DesireThat You See OurMagnificentDisplay"ofLibrary andTHE PLACE TOBuy your Easter suit and hat fromMitchell & Blakemore. (7-2t)GET-YOUR EASTER HATFrom us. if you would be well dressed. j. W. DAVIS & CO.DAUGHTERS OF REVOLUTION 'HOLD RREGULAR MEETINGLADIES, ATTENTION!Your Easter toilet will not be complete without you nave your hairdressed in the latest style and yournails manicured properly. Our MissBeitz can attend to your wants prop-eFlylt) MRS. M. A. PATON.OUR GOLD BOND SERGEFast blue, thoroughly warranted, at?25' J. W. DAVIS & CO.Ti,a a Tini meetine of the JemimaJohnson ChaDter. D. A. R., was held)Tuesdav afternoon at Elks' Hall, withthe reg'ent, Mrs. Robert C. Talbott,presiding. After the opening exercises, Miss Blanche Lilleston gave adelightful review of Paul Revere ahda musical program was rendered by-Tr w R. Foster. It was decided atthis meeting to take a day scholarshipin the W C. T. U. settlement schoolat Hindmaa. Knott county, the payments to commence at once liie s ioilowing members will leave Friday,April 17, for Washington, D. C, to attend the natiorial convention of theD. A. R.: regent, Mrs. Robert C. lalbott; delegates, Mrs. Louise RgfsMrs. William G. McClintock and Mrs.Corge StuarL Mrs.. Wade H. Whitley will also go as . visitor. .MR. JOHN DAVIS PURCHASESW. C. MASSIE PROPERTY.Mr John Davis has closed a dealfor the purchase of "Hidaway," thehome of the late W. W. Massie, onVine street. The home was purchased from Mr. W. C. Massie, who hasbeen making his home there since thedeath of Mrs. Massie, who by theteims of her late will left it to be usedas a hospital. Mr. -Massie. later purchased the property from the hospitaltrustees. The price paid by Mr. Davis was not made public. He will begiven possession within the next fewweeks. Mr. Massie, who is owner ofa farm near this city; will move to thecountry to devote his time to that business, . . , , feClose your "eyes'and listento the great artists singing- onthe Victor and you'd reallythink the singers themselveswere actually in the room.That's how perfect theVictor is; that's why it isacknowledged the greatest ofall musical instruments. Itenables you to enjoy thevoices and 'music of theworld's greatest artists in alltheir beauty.Come in and hear the greatartists on the Victor and 'VictorVictrola you'll be surprised at thewonderfully clear, natural tone.Victors $10 to $100. VictorVictrolas $75 to $250.DauriierMr. and Mrs. Married-people:ie comfortable in your own homes forthere are lots of places where you mustbe uncomfortable.- We have' RecliningMorris Chairs, soft leather chairs, therestful divans and couches, and inviting reading tables that will give youease and joy. Our furniture, too, isso well made and durable and our pricessoreasonable that you will be glad tobuy from us.KMC'RoomFurnitureQuality Comes PirstThe correctness of ourDesigns cannot be surpassed, therefore , -Your Satisfaction isAssuredYou will not have a ustitution made on anythingbought rere.S We are also showing a very strong line of Wall Decor-J tions and Ooor Coverings to correspond with our furniture.,tyBros.Join Our Kitchen Cabinet ClubNTON COMPANY1 mC J. 1 111Paris, Kentucky Phones 36Undertaking Ambulance-Wood Mantels- -HCiiQiitfeitfiHtaQMttttiMiitiimtnntttmnttttmimi"j ,- ".1lV"5e.THpv B0UK6ON NEWS PARIS; KY., APRIL 10, 19413mwmrmmJob PpinncJWORK DONEWHEN PROMISEDGood Work Done Cheap;Cheap Work Done Good!TRE J9B ReOfflS Of" THEBHRBNNews rAre prepaired to do the best ofPrinting on short notice such asBILLHEADS,LETTERHEADS,CARDS, :CATALOG ;POSTERS,and, in fact, everythingthat is printed.Orders for Engraving,such as Wedding Announcements, Invitations,given prompt attention.Let us figure with you onon your next workOur facilities are the best, havingjust installed two of the latest improved Chandler & Price JobPresses come around and see themwork.Qur type .is new and modernfaces.Cbe Bourbon news,104 Issues a Year for$2.00. r:VAdvertising rates reasonable and made 7known on application. .,fr.lM..........i..THEATRICALHERE'S GOODNEWSFOR DYSPEPTICS.NARRATIVE OF'Fantomas Under the Shadow of the"" Guillotine."(No. 1 of the New "Fantomas" Series)Princess Sonia Danidoff is stayingit the Royal Palace Hotel, Paris, andwithdraws $20,000 from the cashier'scustody, placing the notes in a drawerin company with her magnificent ropeof pearls. A few minutes after a welldressed stranger steps from behind'the curtains and with the utmost sangfroid steals the valuables in the verypresence of the Princess, and with apolite bow, hands her his card andmakes a dignified exit. Upon the cardthe name "Fantomas" slowly appears.The police are quickly upon thescene, but "Fantomas," true to hisnom de plume, has vanished. Inspector Robert Juve is the sleuth entrusted to track the mysterious marauder.But before Juve has time to move inthe matter of the Princess' jewels andcash, yet another escapade p Fantomas' " is thrust upon him to investigate. Lord Beltham is missing. Juvecalls on Lady Beltham and in a man'shat finds the initial "G." With soslight a clue Juve tracks down "Gurn"(none other than the elusive "Fantomas") to his lodgings and makesthe ghastly discovery of Lord Beltham's dead body in one of "Gum's"traveling trunks, and a packet of thespecial "Fantomas" cards establishesthe connection between "Gurn" and"Fantomas." They are one and thesame man!Three months elapse. "Gurn" hasbeen tried and condemned to die bythe guillotine. Lady Beltham's namehas not appeared in connection withthe case, and the s:ory goes out thatthe murder was the outcome of a violent quarrel between "Gurn" andBeltham, yet she is enamoured of thegentlemanly scoundrel and sets outseeking a method of escape for him.By means of liberal bribes, the aid ofWarden Nibet is enlisted, and he arranges an interview between, the condemned man and Lady Beltham in ahouse overlooking the prison. Thatnight a new play has been producedby the famous actor, Valgrand, whoacting the role of a condemned felon,adds a realistic touch by making upexactly to resemble "Gurn." At LadyBeltham's invitation, Valgrand, stillmade up as "Gurn," visits her at 2a. m., and partaking of drugged coffee,is rendered incapable of action. Warder Nibet returns and takes back hisprisoner no longer "Gurn," alias"Fantomas," but the unfortunate Valgrand, who goes through all the terrible preliminaries of a criminal's execution, aye, even to the point of beingled to the guillotine, before InspectorJuve makes the startling discoverythat "Fantomas" has once more eluded him.Henceforth it is to be a fight between a clever, scheming, mysteriousrogue on the one hand and InspectorJuve, Chief of the Detective Depart-ment of Paris, on the other. jNo. 2 in this enthralling "Fantom- jas" Series will shortly be on exhibi-tion. i'' THREE REELS. JWe have good news for every person in this town who has any form ofitomach trouble. It is about a remedy for indigestion and dyspepsia thatwe have so much faith in as to offer ito you with our personal guaranteethat if it does not relieve you and satisfy you in every way, we will refundthe money you paid for it withoutquestion or argument of any kind. .Risk nothing; either Rexall Dyspepsia :Tablets will relieve your stomach ail-ments or the money you paid for themwill be handed back to you. There is 'no red tape about our guarantee. Itmeans just what it says. Your word 1is enough. If Rexall Dyspepsia Tab-1lets don't satisfy you, the money is -yoursand we want you to have it.Rexall Dyspepsia Tablets soothethe inflamed stomach, check heartburn jand distress, stimulate a healthy se-1cretion of gastric juice, aid in rapid 1and comfortable digestion of the food, ,and help to quickly restore the- stom-,ach to a comfortable, easy-acting and jhealthy state. They also aid greatly iin promoting regular bowel action.Rexall Dyspepsia Tablets are soldonly at the 7,000 Rexall Stores, and in jthis town only by us. Three sizes,25c, 50c, and 1.00 G. S. Varden &Son. (adv)CATARRH OF TIs UMCLARENCE COWitfAr?.&KS&cwm&mmmmab5i56WSSS$So&Slife.TOSfVjaaM.vSAS'tf?"swkv.v :; .! w: : : :;xwMiss Catherine Irvhri, 23, of Chicago,knocked insensible a negro burglarwho invaded her room by hurling a him, and I was very much afraid heA Case of Catarrhal Deafness.Mrs. Wm. Bowman, H. F! D. 1, CoonRapids, Iowa, writes:"Some time ago I wrote you, aboutmy little boy, Clarence, five years ofage. He was troubled -with his ears.They were very sensitive to the touch,and he was quite deaf at times. Heseemed to bo worse after catchingcold. I had taken him to doctors, butthey did not ceem to be able to relieveheavy cut glass pitcher at him, hitting him full in the face. And shedidn't scream, either.STRAIGHT AT IT.There is no use of our "beatingaround the bush." We might as wellout with it first as last. We want youto try Chamberlain's Cough Remedythe next time you have a cough or acold. There is no reason as far aswe can see why you should not do so.This nrenaration by its remarkablecures has gained a world wide reputation, and people everywhere speak ofit in the highest terms of praise. Itis for sale by all dealers.(April) (adv)The Southern Conference of Unitarian churches will hold its 1915 meeting in Louisville.FOUND CURE FOR RHEUMATISM"I suffered with rheumatism for twoyears and could not get my righthand to my mouth for that length oftime," writes Lee L. Chapman, Mapleton, Iowa. "I suffered terrible painso I could not sleep or lie still atnight. Five years ago I began usingChamberlain's Liniment and in twomonths I was well and have not suffered with rheumatism since." Forsale by all dealers.(April) (adv)would lose his hearing entirely. Hewas getting more deaf every day."I wrote to you for advice, and youprescribed Peruna. I began giving itto him, ana can now say that he isentirely cured. He is now well andhearty and can hear perfectly."Catarrh Causes Many Diseases.Many diseases are caused by takingcold. A cold is very likely to settleIn the noso, causing nasal catarrh.Et may settle in the upper part of thethroat, called the nasal pharyngealspace. In this space are two littleiubes. called eustachian tubes, that.ead to the middle "ear.If the catarrh settles in the pharyngeal space it may follow the mucousnembrane through the eustachian:ubes into the middle ear. If it doest will cause noises in the ear, andater on be sure to cause deafness.Catarrh of the throat may followhe eustachian tubes up into the midlie ear without-causing much concernvn the part of the patient. The par-THROATarefiu mmmj tial loss of hearing i3 apt to be overj look ?. A person may lose half hi3J hearing be 'ore he knows it.i-oi Msiancs, suppose a man can,near hla watch four i set from the ear.If he loses Lis hearhi- to the extentthat ha can oniy hear the tick of hiswatch two fet from the car he maynot suppect It at all. His hearing iseood enough for ordinary purposs.He roes on without the slightest suspicion that lie is losing his harin$?.He may have ringing; In the ear, orcrackins" and snapping- sounds in theear, or a feeling- of rressure in vheear, but he is not aware that he islosing his hearing. NTceting the Ksaring.It is a good thing to test yovr hearingwith a watch. First hold thewatch r gainst your ear, then move itgradually away from the car and seehow far av.-av from the watch youcan actually hear it tick. ' Try it onthe other side and see if both earsare alike. If you find that you areunable to hear the watch on both sidesalike and at a distance of four feetfrom the ear, you may know thatdeafness has already begun. Youshould begin taking Peruna at once.Gargle the throat with cold, strongsalt water, as directed in the "Ills ofLife," cent free by Peruna Co., Columbus, Ohio. Persist in this treatment until a cure is effected.The Best Way to Gargle.Sometimes catarrh of the nasalpharyngeal space will cause an accumulation of secretions in the throat,that completely fill the space. Unlessthese secretions are promptly removed by frequent gargling polypimay be formed. Once formed thepolypi or adenoids, as they are sometimes called, will require a long timewith the gargling to remove. Gargling according to .the proper methodwill sometimes remove polypi or adenoids, and no surgical operation iarequired.In order to understand exactly whatis meant by proper gargling send fora free copy of the "His of Life."During the whole course of garglingPeruna must be taken according todirections on the bottle.People who object to liquid medicines can now obtain Peruna Tablet.Woodland Stock FarmHeadquarters For Draft HorsesBuster B.War and Morals."Every war, even the briefest, will,in one year, demoralize men incomparably more than thousands of thefts,arsons and murders committed in thecourse of centuries by individual menunder the influence of passion." Tolstoi."JOSEPH AND HIS BRETHREN"AT LEXINGTON OPERA HOUSEBy far the biggest thing whichcomes to Lexington will be the splendid pageant drama, "Joseph and Hisj Brethren," at the Lexington Opera jHouse for three nights, April 13, 14, iJ 15, with matinee Wednesday, loth, jThis marvelous production is the !third and greatest of the colossal Lie-!i bier Company, spectacles from the Inonfnrr Tliootra "Marir "V-ilr -l-n irvrvi- IVV.ill.UlJ j. IIV.U1.1 v., AJV-1 i ui u, iuc vwiii-panion play to "The Garden of Allah"iand "The Daughter ,jf Heaven."j "Joseph and His Brethren" is unii versally conceded to be the most magI nificent theatrical show yet given inAmerica. In London it is now beingdone by an English company headedby Sir Beerbohm Tree and Miss Maxine Elliott, but next week Lexingtongets the original New York produc-j tion with its world of scenery and effects and the same superb cast ofi principals which played the piecethere all last winter. There are fouracts, eleven massive scenes, and asmall army of two hundred and fiftypeople concerned in the play. Brandon Tynan' plays "Joseph;" that sterling stage veteran, James O'Neill,"Jacob;" and the most beautifulwoman on the American stage, Miss JPauline Frederick, the role of "Pot-iphar's Wife." Other notable actorsin the cast are W. T. Carlton, HenryHarmon, Charles D. Herman, Iiosina .Henley, Dramatist 3. J3. Rose's clever Idaughter, Ruth R-je, and five score !more of the favorites who delightedNew York audiences for six months.The story is told in the sonorousclassical English of the Bible itself.The author is Louis N. Parker, themost famous playwright of the present day, who has given the contemporary stage John Drew's "Rosemary,"George Arliss' "Disraeli," "PomanderWalk," "Drake," etc. The scenery isbeyond all description. So massive,beautiful and intricate is it that aforce of oie hundred men are necessayr for its handling. There areherds of camels, oxen, asses, goats,horses and sheep. There is a balletcorps of twenty-four dancers in thewonderful palace scene in Pharaoh'scourt. "Joseph and His Brethren" isthe last word in modern stagecraftand spectacular drama. During itsengagement at Lexington the eveningperformance will begin at eighto'clock sharp, and the matinees attwo p. m. Seats may be ordered bymail if remittance is enclosed togetherwith a self-addressed stamped returnenvelope.Prices 50c, 75c, $1.00, $1.50, $2.00.(adv)There are approximately 4,000,000acres of timber land in New Hampshire, of which half is farmers' woodlots. .J Dark Bay Horse, Weight 1,700.Sired by Imported Glitter 58803.Dam by Imported Queen 41490.$15.00 TO INSUREBUSTER B. is a coming four-year-oldand a young stallion of markedsize and condition. He is the kindthat will appeal to your fancy and youwill make no mistake in breeding tohim.BurleyBlack Percheron; Weight 1768.$15.00 TO INSURE.BURLEY is a splendid specimen ofthe dratt horse and his get haveproved to be of the very best. Thereis a steadily growing demand for theclass of horses produced by Burley,both upon the farm and in the cities.They can stand more work than theaverage horse. He is 8 years old, abeautiful black, well formed, and ofthe .class that catches the eye." In selecting a horse to breed to pick onewhose produce commands the bestprice.-- IKENTUCKY TRACTION & TERM' , INAL COMPANY.Interurban Schedule.Leave LexingtonFor Paris6.00 a m7:20 a m8:00 a m8:50-a m10:20 a in11:502050 qfora mp mm30 p m1:2:3:4:20 p m5:00 p m6:00 p m7:20 p mLeave ParisLexington6:45 a m7:30 a m8:15 a m9:00 a m9:45 a m11:15 a m12:45 p m2:15 p.3:45 piThe Above Horses Will Make the Season of 1914 at Woodland Stock Farm.About 7 miles north of Paris on the Cynthiana pike. Money due w.hencolt is foaled, mare transferred or bred to other stock without my consent.Lien retained on all colts until season money is paid. Care taken to preventaccidents, but no responsibility assumed should any occur.STERLING HINKSON, Lair, Kentucky.AND 3L00D CLEANSER4:305:15mramm9:1011:00mmDaily except Sunday.' 6 : 05 p mG:50 p m8:15 p m10:05 p mFlush out the accumulated wasteand poisons of the winter months;cleans your stomach, liver and kidneys of all impurities. Take Dr.King's New Life Pills; nothing better'for purifying the blood. Mild;, nongriping laxative. Cures constipation;makes you feel fine. Take no other.25c. at your druggist.Bucklen's Arnica Salve for all hurts.(April) (adv)"Onieklv relieve "RhpninAtisin. Sore Muscles, Neuralgia, Backache, Headache andnil TiainH- Ynnr mnnpr back if it fails to rJiero anr ache in any Bart of the bodi iXUteen minutes time.Jfrice 50c. At All Xfruggxsts.Free I imple and circular sent on requetfc.BOURBON REMEDY COMPANY,, 342 East Main St., Lexington,$$$$$$EXCELSIORLouisiana is to colonize 10,000 acresthis year with farmers from Bohemia.The English city of Sheffield hassixty firms of importance engaged inthe manufacture of solid silver, andplated ware and scores of smaller esJtWe will have in Paris a Full Stock all Models. We SellPope, Flying Marshall and Day ton.The Joseph Candioto Co.151-153-155 North Broadway, Lexington, KySupplies of all kinds.vtablishments. - t '&...:yi1''w'iAa-' A-,. ' . ' "S ?'v.- ,. vvX ?,.. T.' -- 'ffZ'W ' w'SX'T ' -vV' "' i 'a yil-'r - --?T. 1HE BOCRBONLWS, PARIS, KENTUCKY, APRIL to 1914TTSTStiff Jointsoprains,Druisesare relieved at once by an application of Sloan's Liniment. Don'trub, just lay on lightly." Sloan's Liniment has done moregood than anything I have ever triedfor ttilf joints. 1 got my hand hurt sobadly that I had to stop work right inthe busiest time of the year. 1 thoughtat first that I would have to have myhand taken off, but I got a bottle ofSloan's Liniuvut and cured ray hand.""Wilto:; Wheeleb, Morris, Ala.Good for Broken SinewsG. G. Joxns, Baldwin, L.I., writes :'I used Sloan's Liniment for brokensinews above the knee cap caused by afall and to my great satisfaction wasable to resume work in less than three,weeks after the accident."SLOANSLINIMENTFine for SprainMb. Hexrv A. VoEm., 84 SomersetSt., Plainneld, X. J., writes: "Afriend sprained his ankle so badlythat it went black. Ho laughed whenI told him that I would have him outin a week. I applied Sloan's Linimentand in four davs he was working andsaid Sloan's was a right good Liniment." Price 25c.50c, and $1.00Sloan's Bookon horses, cattle,sheep andpoultrysent free.Addres3SPECIAL TO WOMENThe most economical, cleansing andgermicidal of all antiseptics isA soluble Antiseptic Powder toie dissolved in water as needed.As a medicinal antiseptic for douchesIn treating catarrh, inflammation orulceration of nose, throat, and thatcaused by feminine ills it has no equal.For ten years the Lydia B. PinkhamMedicine Co. has recommended Paxtinein their private correspondence withwomen, which proves its superiority.Women who have been cured sayit is "worth its weight in gold." Atdruggists. 50c. large box, or by mail.The Paxton Toilet Co., Boston, Mass.Nothing is more important in thehome tnan clear, steady light. Insurethis by setting the oil that burnsclear and clean without a flickerdown to the last drop. Pennsylvaniacrude oil refined to perfection.Cots no more than the inferiorJinkwasnn oils saves MONEY savesWORK saves eves.Your dealer has SOLITE OIL inbarrels direct from our works.Chas. C. Stall Oil Co. .Lexington, Ky.Refinery at Warren, Pa.We sell the celebrated "No Carb"Auto Oil.When you feel '&vous, tired, worried or despondent it isure sign vo J need MOTT'S NERVERINPILLS. They renew the normal vigor armake l;fe worth living. Be sure and ask LMott's Nerverine Pills ZpS&LWILLIAMS MFG. CO., Props., Cleveland, OhioL. Oberdorfer, Druggist, Paris, Ky.rmC1" i fFEarlS. vV5PMmSloan tCvwSv llmAJM migst fmtUfH Be ton, Mas., xVT- .mmm 9I u.s.a. rgi IV the Lamp Oil that JW Saves Eyes 1Gurtis&OverbyBusiness Men's Barber Shop,(Next to Bourbon Bank);3 - CHAIRS - 3Expert BarbersPolite Attentionlot and Cold Baths at AHoursNo Long Waits.A Share of ttie Public Pat.rbnage Solicited;REV. THADDEUS S. TINSLEYON DANCING, GOOD AND BAD.Following is a liberal digest of asermon Dreached Sunday, March 22,S by Rev. Thaddeus S. Tinaley, pastorof the Christian Church at Midway,Ky., in which Mr. 'rinsley takes rather a liberal position on the question 01dancing and the church's attitude toward it:Approve dancingr Many times,"no." Sometimes," "yes." What the.ratio of no and yes? Nine to, one?Even that depends. The environment determines. To be exact, theratio of censure and sanction is governed by the ratio of good and evilin any given community. Some placesare always good; some are alwaysbad; while most places are mixed.Soul Sense Our Safety.We must of necessary cultivate thepower of moral discrimination. It isexpected of us, even required of usby the holy apostile, that we be ofthose "who by reason of use havetheir sensus exercised to discern botheood and evil." Heb. 5:14. Soulsense is our neec. And our soulsenses must be usee if they are togive good service. Personal soulsense is to guide us, not sanctifiedsynods. Reason, not rules. Rules arenot now used even in the kindergarten of modern educational systems.Thee hild is taught to judge, to usesense. Even "horse sense" will pickout the clover and redtop and let theweed and briars alone. "Do you notknow that the saints will judge theearth? And if the world shall bejudged by you, are you unworthy tojudge the smallest matters? Knowyou not that we shall judge angels?How much more the things that pertain to this life?"Dancing in the Bible.We have "Dancing Good and Bad"in the Bible. It is mentioned manytimes with censure mid many timeswith sanction. What beautiful imagery is given in the event whenMiriam, the prophetess, the sister ofMoses, went out v::n all the womenof Isreal with timbrel and dancing!See the beautiful spectacle and hearthe timbrel and song:"Sing ye to the Lord,For He hath triumphed gloriously;The horse and the riderHath He thrown into the sea!"Then follows an event of censure.Moses was so offended with the idolatrous dancing of Israel under the leadership of Aaron, when the GoldenCalf was lifted up, that he threwdown the tables of the Decalogue andbroke them. Good and bad seems tohave been the mixture of ancientIsrael. Here is the sanction of Oolomon, "There is a time to dance." Andthere is the censure of Job, "The children of the wicked dance. Here isthe sanction, even the exortation ofthe Psalmist, "Praise Him with thetimbrel and dance," Psalms 150:4.And yet again, "Let them praise Hisname in the dance," Psalms 149:3.And the dance was mixed with goodand evil in the times of Jesus andthe New Testament. We can but teeljthe censurable conaitions oi iae uaiiu-ing of the daughter of Herodias. itgave sensuous delight to the wickedmipr and its sruesome issue was"The head of John the Baptist on a!charger." But here is the picturestory of Jesus with dancing mentioned with all the manifest conditionsof sanction. It is even in the "Father'sHouse" on the occasion of the returnof the prodigal. "As he came anddrew nigh unto the house, he heardmusic and dancing."Using Our Spiritual Senses.As we can safely judge the censurable and sanctioned dancing of theBible, so may we as safely judge the"Dancing Good and Bad" of our owntime and customs. To judge is notto follow a mental rule of indiscriminate sanction, nor yet of uniform andeverlasting censure. It is not to follow the "nod and beck of superiors."It is not to carry in the pocket, noryet in the memory, the Little Book ofDiscipline. Ah, things more regal appertain to the Christian life! Notthings so automatic and servile. Christians are "Kings" and priests untornA anHvtint sn manv dancing dum-Imies attached to the orthodox batterye oiocin-sHral church government.jOur leaders and teachers can help tocultivate Christian Duagment; aimthis they do, not by judging for us,but by teaching us to judge with personal discrimination and decision."Bv reason of use" is the suggestionand method of the New Testament.We become sensible by using oursenses.Beautiful Dancing.Much of our modern dancing, to me,is both good and beautiful. First,there is the dancing of our little children. How sweet a-id beatutful it is!God has so much to do with it; It isGod's young life and God's blessing ofjoy that gives rhythm to both the motion and music of happy feeling. fwas reared in the beautiful country.I have seen flocks yf lambs skip andrun and play. I like to see God's little lambs, the happy children, skipand dance and play in summer parkor winter parlor. Second, I mostheartily approve of the guilel'ess dancing of voung men r.ud maidens chaperoned "and loved by congenial parentor guardians. Oh, to be young! Buta hundred Oh's to oe pure heartedand simply happy.Some one has said that "Dancingis the purest and deepest delight ofvminr npnnle" It must be so, giv-ing grace to bearing and silent musicto motion. I'can believe that theangels dance in Heaven! Better andsafer a hundred times over that ouryoung people should bed ancing inthe parlor than sitting on divans inthe custom of modern parlor courtship! Better and safer a hundredtimes over that our young peopleshould gather in congenial partieswhere both the dancers and observers are selected than that they bealone in couples in the too often un-complained-of- custom of modernbuggy riding and auoting, or. thatthevvbo riding two to jthree deep ontheir way to an annual revival.Safeguards of Dancing.Just take the time now to thoughtfully compare these customs andcount on your fingers the safeguardsof parlor dancing as against parlorcourtship or buggy riding. Or compare the modern dining room dancingpaYty with the uncomplained-of yet infamous custom of many otherwisescruplous parents wlio allow parlorcourtship where two young people areleft alone for hours without the infinitesimal idea that their presencemay be disturbed by another. Withthe lust devil, to be sure, "Two's company and three is a crowd." Hold before you, as your two hands, parlordancing and parlor courtship andcount on your fingers to be sure thesafeguards of the former. (1) Alwaysmore than two, the music accompanist, many times more than one couple,and nearly always admiring friendsand onlookers. (2) There is healthful engagement of physical energiesthat satisfies physical expression,whereas in the latter this is wanting.(3) If an "idle brain is the devil'sworkshop," it is more certain thatidle, youthful energy will run to Satan's service. (4) Personal contact isnot so dangerous in motion and bymusic, for it is not the psychologicalpoint of attention. In the other it istoo often the direct result of volitionand the sole point of attention. (5)The evening passes quickly in healthful action and happy engagement, andthe young people part with a zest fortheir pastime and wholesome slumber will soon embrace them. Arethese not all incontrovertible conditions and should we not change ourwooden mode of thinking and engageour willing exhortations and ministries against the greater dangers?The 3ad Kind of Dancing.Still, we must confess that thereis much of our modern dancing thatis both bad and ugly. If there is artand beauty in the one-step theMaxixeand the Tango, the ourlesque of thesethings in their countless awkward imitations make one to feel that it wouldhave been better had they never beenborn. The thing that will most cruelly murder all sense of the aesthetical; the thing that makes you ashamedof your human kind and feel like apologizing to the monkey world for thedoctrine of evolution; the thing thatsickens and saddens and seals thefate of all hopeful expectations ofman's social culture, is the fat, flounting and farcical imitations of theseartistic dances, done by the blockheads who spend the summer at popular hotels and imagine that they areengaging to the public. Obesity is always so obliging!Again, the open pu'olic hop is to beavoided. Here you get an aggregation of the vulgar. The onlookers areapt to be vulgar. The evil eye ispresent and the culgar remark. Allsanctionable dancing is either an artor a pastime. Let artistic dancingyield to the governing rules of all artistic presentation. Let this be inviolate to the professionals, and thestage is the proper place for its presentation. Our pastime and recreation should be as exclusive as our associations and friendships.The ballet dancing of the stageneeds reformation. The attire willbe more beautiful when it is ademore chaste an decent. The groupings, the movements, the representative descriptions of the presentationsof the artistic platrorm will have' toconform to the best of our ideals ofart and culture.Key Words.Let me close now by giving youthe principles by which we mayjudge the good and evil of modernnonninr amusements. These principles are adaptable and comprehen-"sive. They will help you in an questions of personal discrimination anddecision. The question of NovelReading, Good and Bad; the questionof Theatre Going, Good and Bad; thequestion of Card Playing, Good andBad; as well as the question of Dancing, Gpod and Bad, or anything elseGood and Bad that becomes a question in your moral thinking of Chistian deportment. Here are the principles and the key word tnat wineasily associate and hold the princple'for you:GOD Good will cultivate the senseof God's presence and approval. Evilwill destroy it. Your faith in God willhelp you.SOUL Good will improve and enrich your soul's experience. Evil willinjure an impoverish it. Your faithin your soul will help you.RELIGION Good will always harmonize with religion. Evil is alwaysdiscordant. Your faith in religion willhelp you. .BIBLE Good finds its natural outflow from the Bible. Evil is the suggestion of Satan. Your faith in theBible 'will help you.CHURCH Good :s always congenial with the true church. Evil is enemy of it. Your faith in the churchwill help you.JUDGMENT Good will prepareyou for the final judgment. Evil willmake you fear it.- Your faith in thejudgment will help you.ETERNITY God gives you Heaven both here and hereafter. Evil givesHell both here and hereafter. Yourfaith in Eternity will help you.God, Soul, Religion, Bible, Ghurch,Judgment, Eternity; these are all keywords for young Christians in factfor all Christians."Be a Freeman! On to Duty!Raise the wold from all that's low;Hang high in the Social HeavenVirtue's fair and radiant bow!"CLEARS COMPLEXION' REMOVES SKIN BLEMISHESWhy go through life embarrassed anddisfigured with pimples, eruptions,blackheads, red rough skin, or suffering the tortures of eczema, itch, tetter, salt rheum? Just ask your druggist for Dr. Hobson's Eczema Ointment. Follow the simple suggestionsand your skin worries are over:for babies and delicate, tender skins.Stops chapping. Always helps. Jlelief or money back. 50c. at -yourdruggist. i v , , ,,, ' -- ,(April) . , (adv)WOMEN FROM45 toMTjSTIFYTo theMerit of Lydia E.Pink-Ham's Vegetable Com-pound during Changeof Life.Westbrook, Me. " I was passingthrough the Change of Life and had'pains m my backand side and was soweak I could hardlydo my housework.I have taken LydiaE. Pinkham's Vegetable Compound andit has done me a lotof good. I will recommend your medicine to my friendsand give you permis-sion to nublish' mvtestimonial." Mrs. Lawrence Martin, 12 King St., Westbrook, Maine.Manston, Wis. " At the Change ofLife I suffered with pains in my backand loins until I could not stand. I alsohad night-sweats so that the sheetswould be wet I tried other medicinebut got no relief. After taking one bottle of Lydia E. Pinkham's VegetableCompound I began to improve and Icontinued its use for six months. Thepains left me, the night-sweats and hot jHashes grew less, and in one year I wasa different woman. I know I have tothank you for my continued good healthever since." Mrs. M. J. Brownell,Manston, Wis.The success of Lydia E. Pinkham'sVegetable Compound, made from rootsand herbs, is unparalleled in such casos.If you want special advice write toLydia . Pinkham Medicine Co. (confidential) Lynn, Mass. Your letter willhe opened, read and answered by awoman, and held in strict confidenceSPRING LAXATIVEAND BLOOD CLEANSER.Of all interpretations of variousroles last season in New York City,none received higher commendationthan that of Madame Nazimova forher portrayal of "Mrs. Chepstow," inJames Bernard Fagan's adaptation of''Bella Donna." In the delineation ofthis somewhat unpleasant heroine bythe distinguished Russian actress shehas scored a positive triumph. Chas.Frohman has made an elaborate andhandsome production for "Bella Don-Lna. with her New York company ofcapable players, Nazimova comes tothe Lexington Opera House Thursday,April 16. (adv)Holland has 1,436 co-operative agricultural societies with a membershipof 156,000.FIRST CLASS SERVICE ATFREEMAN'S BARBER SHOP.Having engaged the service of LouisLivers, an experienced barber, I amnow prepared to handle my trade andgive the most thorough satisfaction.Give me a call 'and be convinced.BUCK FREEMAN.In Hong-Kong the law is that everyhouse must have at least one cat.ATTENTION, YOUNGMEN, YOUNG WOMEN!Do you desire a position in the classified civil service? Post Office ClerksLetter Carriers, Railway Mail Clerks,etc., in demand. Ages 18 to 45. Salary $75to ?150 monthly. Hundredsof appointments to fill vacancies, extension of service and Parcel Post.Mr. H. L. Carl will be at the WindsorHotel in Paris on Tuesday, April 7,inquiring for young men and womenwho desire to qualify for these appointments. He will be there oneday only, noon until 9 p. m. Thoseinterested should call and see himwithout fail. Minors must be accompanied by parents.(27-3t)REMOVAL OFThe Woman's Exchangeand CafeTo Short St opp. Court HouseLexington, Ky.We shall be pleased- to continuethe patronage, of all former patronsand all others, desiring excellentservice.Having removed to more commodious apartments', we are able to servemeals at allhours.MRS. W. H. BARKLEY,3-5t Proprietor.Duroc Jersey BoarsNice lot young boars. Eligible toregistry. Come and get first choice.SIDNEY G. CLAY.E. T. Phone 726. Paris, Ky.(7-6t)WANTED.To buy a few old feather beds. Thehighest cash prices paid. Address L.G. Austin, General Delivery, Paris,.Ky.(7-3t)FOR RENT,' Three unfurnishedrpbriit.,l02sAiViain-sireet. .wP''Q -C;.;.Sit 2tiFine Spring;For Men andBoys.Best Hats at LowestisPricesTWIN BROS., CLOTHING DEP'T.L. Wolfstein, Proprietor.GO SOUTH THIS WINTERGo -where fair sKes, ideal weather, and outdoor enjoyment dispel allthought of winter's discomfort.WINTER TOURIST FARESNOW AVAILABLE VIATO alL RESORTS OF TH SOU I hINCLUDING FLORIDA, NEW ORLEANS, PANAMA AND."LAND OF THE SKY."TICKETS ON SALE DAILY! LONG RETURN LIMIT.ATTRACTIVE STOP-OVER PRIVILEGES.EQUIPMENT, SERVICE AND SCENERY UNSURPASSED.For details consult any Ticket Agent or -writeH. C. KING, Passenger and Ticket Agent, 101 East Main St, Lexington, Ky.L. & N. time-table:EFFECTIVEJL.J.& fc -Trains ArriveNo. FROM34 ' Atlanta, Ga., Daily 5:21 aim134 Lexington, Ky., Daily 5:18 am29 Cynthiana, Ky., Daily Except 'S unda.y ,7:35 ant7 Maysville, Ky., Daily Except Sunday .- 7:38 an10 Rowland, Ky., Daily Except Sunday 7:45 aar40 Lexington, Ky., Daily Except Su nday . 7:42 am37 Cincinnati, O., Daily 9:38 am3 Maysville, Ky., Daily Except Sunday 10:20am.12 Lexington, Ky., Daily 10:15 am.33 Cincinnati, C, Daily 10:24 am26 Lexington, Ky., Daily Except Su nday 12:00 m25 Cynthiana, Ky., Daily Except Su nday 3:10 pa.9 Maysville, Ky., Daily Except Su nday 3:15 pm.138 Lexington, Ky., Daily ,.. 3:33pm38 Knoxville, Tenn., Daily N.-:.v. 3:30 pm5 Maysville, Ky., Daily 5:35pm.39 Cincinnati, O., Daily Except Sunday . . 5:50pm8 Lexington, Ky., Daily 6:18 pm32 Jacksonville, I?la., Daily 6:23 pm.31 Cincinnati, O., Daily 10:50 pmTrainsNo.34 Cincinnati, O., Daily4 Maysville, Ky., Daily Except7 Lexington, Ky., Daily Except40 Cincinnati, O., Daily Except10 Maysville, Ky., Daily Except29 Lexington, Ky., Daily37 Knoxville.-Tenn., Daily33 Jacksonwille, Fla., Daily133 Lexington, Ky., Daily6 Maysville, Ky., Daily26 Cynthiana, Ky., Daily Except13 Lexington, Ky., Daily Except38 Cincinnati, O., Daily9 Rowland, Ky., Daily Except39 Lexington, Ky., Daily Except32 Cincinnati, O., Daily8 "Maysville, Ky., Daily Except30 Cynthiana, Ky., Daily Except31 Lexington. Ky., Daily131 Atlanta, Ga., DailyTrains .ArriveNo. . FROM2 Frankfort, Ky., Daily Except Su nday 7:40 ax4 Frankfort, Ky., Daily Except Sunday 5:50 pTrains IDe-eurt' : u " ;;No. . ", . 'TO1 Frankkfort, ,Ky., Daily Except Su nday v 8; 30 a,. 3 " Frankfort Ky.',. 'Daily Except Su nday .,.-:... ,...-..?.. ..... v. S:Kipiff: x ' '.-v '.' w-; -'--- . --i - , ' 7, ' ' ' '-m m.rryTHnKanaxttOCT. 19, 1913IDeToartTfi . 1 , .tHTS3Ifem.5:28 amSunday 5:35 amSunday . 7:47 amSunday 7:50 amsunaay 7:509:43;- 9:45 a' 10:29 ai10:27 :12:05pm"Sunday 12:04 am,Sunday 3:33 pia2:40 pnSunday 5:56pmSu nday 5:58 pm.,-. 6:28pmSu nday 6:25 pmSu nday 6:40 pmiu:5510:57 pi.- . " . " -t o 9, " ,0K- -if-fil,-m u' '" jHwwfwiptifv1 THE BOtJRBON NEWSPARIS, KENTUCKY, APRIL 10 1974.A nice spoon in each packageRoasted and packed frest everyday. Insist upon this brand. Forsale by all Grocers. 20c per fb.CERTIFIED CHECICCOFFEEPacked in Sanitary sealed cartons. Costs less. Worth more.Save the Coupons, for Sale byall Grocers. - 30c per lb.rb-L tSrVL-L.COFFE E,aHHfc3ggcagtggtesstgceofftsehm OF IVIILLERSBUR6- 3fcrs. O. INI. Johnson is visiting reljs&&ss in Cincinnati.Etessrs. B. A. Neal and J. J. PeedcfigxsSzzipe about the same.Jhlrs. Rhoda Conway left Monday-Tor a visit to relatives in Lexington.Olrs. Elizabeth Powling is spend..ag several weeks at Hot Springs, Ark.Miss Edwina Am merman ispsn'dmg the Easter holidays with rel;sjves In Cynthiana.Kev. and Mrs. Alex Sanders werexrests of their daughter, Mrs. W. G.-QoSey, Tuesday and Wednesday.Mrs. Martha Vimont left Thursday for a ten days' visit to her daughter, Mrs. W. A. Munzing, at Maysville.jMrs. J. H. Burroughs, who has-iaasa quite ill for several weeks, wassUsle to be out Tuesday for the firstixoe.Rev. A. S. Venable left Tuesday"or Grayson, to attend the EbenezerS?Teytery of the Southern Presbyte-aa ihurch. He will return in time1 FOR SSunday:Spring Lamband the BestJiome-Kiiled Meatsan the MarketBaldwinBros.,Paris, Kentucky tBoth Phones .32(ulto conduct regular services in his ownchurch Sunday, at which time therewilkbe a sacramental service.Mrs. America Butler will leaveSaturday for a visit to her daughter,Mrs. Mattie Hawes and family, at Chicago, 111.Miss Ann Woods left Wednesdayfor the Good Samaritan Hospital, atLexington, for treatment of her eyesby Dr. Stucky.R. Slater Hawkins, who is attending school at Transylvania University,Lexington, was at home from Saturday until Monday.Quite a number of the young ladies of the M. F. C, and a few of theM. M. I. students are spending theEaster holidays at their homes.Mr. and Mrs. R. L. Wilson, Sr.,will leave Saturday for a few days'visit to her son and daughter, Mr. andMrs. T. R. Wilson, at Robinson Station. Miss Nancy Whaley, of the Eastern Kentucky State Normal School, atRichmond, was at home from Fridayuntil Tuesday.Mrs. Frankie Collins, who recently underwent an operation on her eyesat the Good Samaritan Hospital, inLexington, returned Tuesday verymuch improved. Another operationmay be necessary.The Bible Class of the Presbyterian church will entertain in the basement of the church on tile evening ofApril 16. There will be several addresses delivered, followed by a banquet. The recital in music and expression at the M. F. C. Thursday wasgood and well attended. The youngladies did their work in a creditablemanner. This is the last of Jhe recitals before the commencement exercises. Mr. and Mrs. V. L. Barton entertained forty of their friends Tuesdayevening from 8 to 12 with progressiveeuchre. The occasion was a delightful one. There were ten tables, butno prizes were given. At 10:30 a delightful meat and salad lunch wasserved. The out-of-town guests wereMrs. A. J. Ryan, of Cincinnati, MissFreas, of Baltimore, Md., and MissSue Woods, of Stanford.Mr. J. Clarke Leer received hissecond degree in Amity Lodge No. 40,F. & A. M., Tuesday night. The workwas done by Worshipful Master J. B.Cray. Notwithstanding the inclementweather a large crowd was present.At the close of the vork to the surprise of all present, Mr. Cray askedthem to retire to the dining room,where oysters were served. Thiscoupled with the smoker that followedwhich was also a surprise, made theevening one long to be remembered.An M. B. A. lodge was organizedhere Tuesday night by Mr. C. B. VanArsdall, who has been here for sometime working it up. The outlook isflatering, as it was organized withtwenty-five charter members. Immediately on its organization the following officers were elected: Dr. J. D.Calhoun, President; Mackey Grimes,Vice-President; Charles C. Clarke.Secretary and Treasurer; Miss EdnaMitchell, Chaplain; Earl S. Barton,Conductor; Dr. J. D. Calhoun-, LodgeM. D.; M. H. Mitchell, Inside Watchman; O. G. Custer, Outside Sentinel;Trustees, Mackey Grimes, E. S. Barton, Jas. W. Miller.Mr. C. W. Corrington will returnfrom Cincinnati today.Mildred, the little daughter of Mr.and Mrs. O. H. Collier, is ill.The agents of the Hurst Home Insurance Co. held a meeting in the office of the Company yesterday.Mr. and Mrs. E. C. Hawkins havemoved to rooms in the home of Mr.and Mrs. Aaron McConnell.Miss Alma Duke Jones, a studentat the Cincinnati Consrvatory of Music, will give a piano recital in the auditorium of the Millersburg FemaleCollege, Saturday evening, April 18,at 8 o'clock. Miss Jones will be assisted by Miss Esther Thiele, vocalist.After graduating from the musical department of the M. F. C. one year agoMiss Jones entered the Conservatoryand has made rapid progress. She isvery entertaining and accomplished.The recital will be given under theauspices of the McDowell MusicalClub. It is urged that seat reservations' be made early.For some time Dr. C. C. Fisherhas been talking of building an annexto the M. F. C. Those who were inclined to be skeptical did not thinkthat he meant anything, and that if hedid it would be in the far dim distance. However, it is now an assured fact. The building is. to beerected, a handsome four story pressed brick front with stone trimmings,one hundred feet in length by seventyin width, removed thirty feet from themain building. The two are to beconnected, enclosed in glass, and willfurnish another beautiful conservatory for flowers. The greater portion ofthe lower floor oc the building will beoccupied as the gymnasium, with aswimming pool in the rear, and it willrun to the height of two storeis. Thethird floor will be taken up with society halls, art halls, and music rooms,and the fourth made up of dormitories. When the new building is completed and equipped the MillersburgFemale College will have no superiorsand but few equals in Kentucky. Dr.Fisher has not stopped with this.Two months ago he had a landscapegardner to visit the grounds and makeblue prints for flower beds and shrubbery. On Tuesday and Wednesday ofthe present week these beds and theshrubbery were put out by experts.All of these new improvements willtax Dr. Fisher very heavily, but asthe reputation of the M. F. C. is nowso universally wide spread it is absolutely necessary that it be done.TO KENTUCKY BUSINESS MEN.Business interests in Kentucky mustrely on themselves. Their principalcity newspapers are Abusing both theGlenn-Greene law and the fire insurance companies alike. Some of theirCongressmen are advertising their incompetency by talking of Congressional intervention. Under SupremeCourt decisions Congress is further offfrom fire insurance in Kentucky thanI China. The last group of companiesj trying to operate in the State wasI forced out by Chrman Laffoon'sfoolish order Tuesday. All words,words, words no insurance. The papers out in the State seem to understand the situation netter, but business men must rely upon themselves.They know that insurance or anyother companies doing business wouldnot quif the State if they saw a fairchance of operating at a reasonableprofit. Some managers might be fool-! ish, but not all. When they see nothI ing but hardship and no chance forj profit all businesses stop. That is' the situation with respect to fire ini surance in Kentucky. The new law! seems ideal for politicians and peoplei who have no property at stake. If, ideal for business, then companieswould be falling over each other to getin; as it is they are falling over eachother to get out. Chairman Laffoonthreatens State insurance! Newspapers threatenFederal intervention!Words, words, words, but not a dollar's worth of insurance. Let business men insist upon Mr. Laffooncoming down from clouds of eloquenceand getting down to the brass tacks ofbusiness. It's time for business sensenot for grotesque political anti-corporationadvertising! Today the insurance companies are getting the hot'end; tomorrow it may be your corpo-lation. The Insurance Field.GET-RICH-QUCK SPECULATIONdCJ HIZi MCJIVtzY z&WAS HE A"PRUDENT MAN'PaCAN'T BE BEAT.Mitchell & Blakemore's line of Easter shirts and ties can't be beat.URGE .ESTABLISHMENT OFSANITARIUM IN NICHOLASA special dispatch from Carlislesays:"Ladies representing the NicholasCounty Health League appeared before the Nicholas Fiscal Court andasked that Nicholas county be declared a tuberculosis district. Thisis the first step taken to establish asanitorium in Nicholas county. It isthe plan of the women who are working to secure a tuberculosis sanitorium to have Nicholas county declareda tuberculosis district in order that avote may be taken to raise money forthe buiWing and equipping of a hospital. One of the plans on foot is tohave 'Nicholas, Robertson, Fleming,Mason and Bourbon or Harrisoncounties co-operate in establishing ahospital at Parks' Hill."Easter FootwearOur Easter SpecialsConsist of Most Fashionable FootwearmammmmmammmmjiNo wonder this man is discouraged! He thought hecould make a fortune quickly. He believed some oily tonguedrascal; he sent his money away; he LOST IT.Would it not have been better for him had he kept hismoney SAFE in our bank and let it PILE UP until he hadenough to buy something right here at home he could watchhimself? He would have helped the community and increased the value of HIS property.Make OUR bank YOUR bankWe pay 3 per cent, interest on Savings.DEPOSIT . BANK OF PARISCapita!, $i00,000.00.J. M. HLL. PresidentSurplus, $40,000.00.C. K. THOMAS. CashierNICHOLAS COUNTY FAIRASSOCIATION INCORPORATEDThe Nfcholas County Fair Associ-Jation is to be incorporated at Carlisleat once with a capital stock of $10,000with N. H. Rankin, W. H. Frey, F. E.Darnall, John M. Donnell, B. T. Henry, of Carlisle; W. G. P. Ledford, ofUpper Blue Lick Springs; J. M. Berry,of Moorefield, and Wm. D. Mclntyre,of Millersburg, as incorporators.BERRIES AND VEGETABLES.PRAISE SERVICE TO BEHELD ON SUNDAY EVENINGWo will llfivo nlontv nf arorvtliincr 'good to eat for Easter.(It) C..P. COOK & CO.in Every New, Conceivable Style and in Jdvery Learner anu raoricYour Easter Shoes and Slippers cAre Here !Our Stocks are Complete in Every Detail. You will Find in the BigAssortment Style and Quality at Prices You Know , ,Can Not be Duplicated ElsewhereLarJies' Patent Kid, Kidney Heel, SilkBraifaround Vamps, in high shoeand pumps, $5.00 value at . $3.49Ladies' Gun Metal, Louis Heel, newsmart last, in High Shoe and Oxford, $00 value at 2.99Ladies' Todd's Tango, Satin, LouisHeel and Patent Colonial Pumps,$4.00 value at 2.99Ladies' Patent and Gun Metal, high' and low heel, $3.50 value at 2.49Ladies' Patent and Gun Metal in ailstyles, $3.00 value at 1.99Ladies' Gun Metal, button and lace,$2.00 values at 1.49jft -aiftitj9m wixxmitMen's Tan Walk-Over, new Englishmodel, high shoe and Oxford 4.00(Men's Tan Russia, Empire Style WalkOver 3.50 ,Men's Tan Beacon, in all lasts, $4.0value at ... 3.50Men's Gun Metal, bench made, $4.00value at .'2.99Men's Gun Metal, button and lace,$3.00 value at 1.99Boys' Gun Metal and Tan, button andand lace, $2.00 value at... . 3.49Strayed or Stolen .Sorrel mare from Paris, Ky., onenight last week. Right hind footswollen and foremane clipped. Themare was purchased from Bob Morris,of near Cynthiana and, may havestrayed to the locality from which shecame. Liberal reward for her returntoIABEL JOSEPH,7-3t Paris, Ky.A praise service will be held Sunday evening at the Presbyterianchurch. The program is as follows:1. Prelude Organ.2s Te Deum Schilling.3. Christ Our Passover Buck.4. Prepare Ye the Way Garrett.5. Christ is Risen Williams.6. Hymn Mother Dear Jerusalem.7. Organ Solo.8. They Have Taken Away MyLord Harrington.9. Art Thou Weary? Schnecker.10. The Strains Upraise Buck.11. Hymn Onward Christian Soldier. 12. Benediction.13. Postlude Organ.Sopranos Mrs. Lee Price, Mr3.Buckner Woodford, Jr., Mrs. OwenDavis, Miss Butler, Miss Cram, MissHibler.Altos Miss Hill, Mrs. B. M. Shive,Mrs. Merrimee.Tenors Mr. Morehead, Mr. Walker,Mr. Alexander.Bassos Dr. Fithian, Mr. Mitchell,Mr. Clark.Choirmaster Br. Frank Fithian.Organist Miss Elizabeth Crutqher.rLEINIHAN'S18CashSpecialsBuy Your Misses' and Children's Shoes Here.A Big Selection in All Leathers and Styles atSpecial Low Prices ,DAN COHEN25 lb. sack H. & E. Sugar $1.25(With a three dollar purchase) 'Large size can Tomatoes. . . 10c3 cans Baby Bunton Corn 25cPride of Illinois Corn 10cCracked Rice, per lb 05cFancy Head Rice, per lb 10c2 cans Cu-Tu-No Red Salmon . 35cPalm Brand Peas, per can 10cFox Lake Peas Per can 15cSugar Loaf Peas, per can 20cBulk Coffee, per lb 20cLANCASTER PRIDE FLOUR25-pound sack y., 80c50-pound sack r. . , 1.55100-pound sack . 3.00Stone's Wrapped Cakes Received Fresh Daily.T f I FNIHANCash Grocerv. wIlHHMMnilCash Grocery.Both Phones 234-4. 'vJ. Lt