THEwCrA -sa-NEWSJfX-?- - - 5rtrfA-,PUBLISHED EVFBY TUESDAY AND FRIDAY IN THE YEARVOLUME XXXII4 PARIS, KENTUCKY, FRIDAY, APRIL 3, 1914.ARE LEAGUECOUNTY TACARPENTER HURrBCU5SE5 PLANS- tor" s - " ,- -BOURBONX E?BY FALL THR(WE KNOW HOW""4,ffJLEANING UPFOR KM IS FIXEDBY FISCAL COURTOnly Business of ImportanceBefore Regular MeetingHeld YesterdayFORG9 - f I 4Meeting Held Yesterday IsWell Attended and EnthusiasticIDEAS PRESENTEDBY MEMBERSForty-Six Names Added tothe Membership of theLeagueT "-y Health and Welfare LeagueLeld a very interesting meeting yesterda; afternoon at the Public Library an.l the plans looking to the general 2lean-up movement in Bourboncouir were fully discussed. Muchenthusiasm was displayed throughoutthe meeting by the members of theLeague, who are actively engaged inthe v.rk that will result in a cleaner, beuer and more healthful county.The details of the proposed movement vere .gone over to a great extent, '"ut no definite decision as to thecourse that would be pursued wasreached, but will be taken up at alater meeting. Ideas presented bythe members were taken under con;sideration, and the movement was adanceJ as far as possible on this occasion. The campaign for new membersfor the League continues with the re-ROAD ENGINEERFILES HIS REPORTMany Accounts Ordered PaidAnd Minor Business IsTransactedThe Bourbon Fiscal Court met yesterday in regular monthly session andfixed the tax levy for the year of1914. There was little other businessbefore the meeting, which was presided over by Judge C A. McMillan, withthe following magistrates present:Ernest Martin, E. P. Thompson, R. HBurris, J. J. Redmon, A. L. Stephenson, O. B. Llloyd, J. N. Shropshireand R. O. Turner.County Road Engineer C P. Redmon submitted his report for themonth of March, which was acceptedby the Court and ordered of record.An order was entered that an adveloram tax on each $100 worth oftaxable property in the county forState purposes for the year 1914 befixed as follows: Court house bondsand interest, 6 cents; Turnpikes andbridges, 25 cents; General purposes,19 cents. School purposes, on allsuit that at the meeting yesterday aft-1 property subject to taxation outsideernoon fortv-aix were enrolled Included in the number are some of themost prominent men and women inthe community who have interestedthemselves in the welfare movementand are inclined to take an activepart in all matters that will lead tothe city of Paris and the GradedCommon School District of LittleRock, 10 cents on each $100 worth ofproperty.Accounts to the amount of about$2,000 were allowed by the court andordered paid. This included the sal-the beterment of the 'health of the ; aries of the pauper physicians for thecounty and city.The following new members wereenrolled:Mrs. W. F. Chapel, Mrs. N. H.Ecklar, Mrs. W. A. Beheler, MissAddie Harrison, Miss Mollie Ford,Miss Frances Hancock, Mrs. JamesMcClure, Mrs. L. R. Brablett, Mr.Buckiier Woodford, Sr., Mr. FrankKiser, Mrs. Cox, Mrs. Hamilton, Dr.W. T. Brooks, Mrs. L. M. Trimble,Mrs. John McClintock, Mrs. C. O.Wilmoth, Mr. E. B. January, Mrs. E.B. January, Reuben Huthchraft, Mrs.A. T. Forsyth, Mrs. F. P. Walker,Mrs. John Davis," Mrs. R. H. Wills,Mrs. Frank Lowry, Mrs. M. F. Kenney, Miss Mary Kenney, W. H. Webb,Mis. Albert Mitchell, John Woodford, Mrs. Jas. Grinnell, Mrs. Mullins, Mrs. Karry Ogle, Mrs. MaryPaton, Mrs. B. R. Dickerson, MissBettie Chambers, Mrs. Joe Davis, MissAnna May Davis, Mrs. W. Merrimee, Mrs. G. B. Durrant Miss BlancheLilleston, Mrs. C. R. Alexander, Mrs.J. A. Ruttencutter, Mrs Edgar Tingle, M:ss Lucy Colville, Miss MayColville.first half of the year.County Treasurer S. E. Bedford wasordered to borrow the sum of $5,000for use in the General Fund fromthe Garth Fund, payable December1, 1914, and bearing six per cent, interest. ' Squnes Stephenson and Redmon were appointed a committee topurchase a road roller and engine fcndthe same committee was appointed topurchase scales for use by the county.A number of other minor orders wereentered, when court adjourned.- SKYLIGHTOPENIWm. White Suffers a Fractured Hip and Other Severe InjuriesREMOVED TO THEMASSIE HOSPITALWas Repairing Lyons Build-ing When the AccidentOccurredSpl. s,fc"William White, a carpenter, is confined in the Massie Memorial Hospitalsuffering from numerous injuries sustained yesterday morning when he fellthrough a skylight which he was repairing at the saloon of Albert Lyons,on Main street.The accident occurred about eighto'clock yesterday morning. Mr.White was engaged in repairing thispart of thebuilding, and was walkingacross the opening on a plank whichhad been laid on the casing "for thatpurpose. In some manner he lost hisbalance and fell to the floor below, adistance of about fifteen feet.In his descent Mr. White attemptedto grasp the casing, but his weightbroke his hold, which, resulted in onefinger being almost torn from hishand.Dr. William Kenney, who was passing, was called in and Dr. C. G.Daugherty was also summoned. Thephysicians ordered the removal ofMr. -White to the Massie Hospital fortreatment.At the hospital an examination revealed a fracture of the left hip. Thismember had on another occasion beeninjured, leaving Mr. White a cripple.Aside from this hesuffered' a-severebruise on the side' of his head, and waspainfully hurt in several other placesabout the body.The extent of his other injuries can-'not be detei mined by his physiciansat this time.Img stylesIn TheDunlap and Stetson' ...Hats.:.- r.Now Ready for Your InspectionSoft Hats in all the new shapes and colors;Stiff Hats in the right shapes tobecome the man.A(Manhattan and Wilson Bros.Spring Shirtstir in an endSess variety of patterns andcolors Come in and make your selections while the lines areNi ; complete.!EVER NOTICE IT; THEINJURED DOG HOWLS.?1 j:Mitchell & Blakcmorc,The Store for Men's StylesParis, Kentucky-rBECKHAM MAY SPEAK INPARIS ON MAY COURT DAYAVIDSOITS FATEId HANDS OF JURYBourbon Men SelectedTry Breathitt CountyCases in ClarktoBelow appear several paragraphscopied from Wednesday's LekingtonLeader. Lexington merchants 'wantpeople to DEAL AT HOME. Parisshoppers should read these notes carefjally. Lexington merchanst don'twant your trade. They believe inpeople buying at home. Spend yourmoney in Paris, where it should bespent. Lexington merchants say forycu to do so. They say you can getbetter bargains at home than elsewhere. Read what they say:"Spend your money at home" Lexington Leader."Help to build up Lexington, notCincinnati." Lexington Leader."Home merchants have the bestgoods and give the best prices spendyour money with them." LexingtonLeader.,"Attention has been called to a circular sent through the mails advertising the fact that a certain establishment located in another city will haveon exhibition in Lexington during xirhnlq; rmintvthis week a display of goods that will welcome Will be extended3saui!iii!iiiiiiij,'uxiLtcirxi:.iiiiiuiiiiiiii iiiiiiiriiiuiiMisiiiMiiiiini iiiiinfai!nsiJiHiiiii!iniiiHii!iiniiiiiiiniiii!iui5 :Friends and adherents of formerGovernor J. C. W. Beckham are making an effort to have him address thevoters of Bourbon county in Paristhe latter part of this month or onMay court day, in the interest of hiscandidacy for the United States Sen-atorshipMr. Beckham, it is said, was considering the advisibility of making an addiess in Paris earlier, but dates thathad befen arranged in advance forother counties conflicted with the arrangement that was under consideration here, and for the time being itwas abandoned, Mr. Beckham statingthat he would appear before a Bourbon audience later in the campaign.However, it is considered by hisfriends- here that May court daywould be the proper time for him toaddress the voters of Bourbon, andwith the view of arranging that datefor the speaking. Mr. Beckham hasbeen communicated with and it isexpected the announcement of a definite date will be made within a shorttime.Mr. Beckham will be in Carlisle to-! morrow to speak to the voters ofIt is said a royal SNFRANK &, CO.r The Store Where Reliability Reigns.n:"WiInvite : Your Inspection -( 4,-, f r-.OFi $3From the special venire of one hun- come into direct competition with the that everything points to a very endred men summoned in Bom Don business of some ot flie leading Lex. tnusiastic meeting. A number from.. ,. irnnmr nrqc co ato t i liiTV ew"- -w ii ere win e to uariisie to anena.to try' "Rea" Tom DavrdsoZ in Clar k e clarUcjM. ,County .Circuit CUrt charged !, & tasted inSST'P&S&r&Ztf '-ig Possible for these .people..., w- .-Judge Befiton presiding at the trialheld that the case had been discussed freely in Clark County whereso manv trials in connection with theBreathitt feud cases had been held,it would facilitate matters to summons a venire from an adjoiningcounty.The jury chosen from the BourbonCounty delegation was as follows:B. F. Hopkins, N. H. Squires, N. H."Eckler, J. B. Smith, Grant Overby,J. S. Wilson, J. H. McCarty, GrantDenton, E. T. Rule, W. L. Brannock,R. W. Thompson and L. M. Stewart.After the selection of the jury, thecase was called and the statementsmade by the attorneys. AttorneyDenis Dundon, of Paris, assisted theattorneys for the defense m selecting the -jury.The most important testimony inthe trial was that of his daughter,M:s. Wilson Callahan, who was onthe witness stand late Wednesday.Mrs. Callahan, who was a witnessto the shooting, said she saw threemen run from the hillside from wherethe shots that killed Callahan came.She said that she fired six shots atthe men, and afterward followed themfor some distance, .claiming : to haverecognized two "of -them. " ,R. K. McCARNEY ASSUMESCHARGE OF POSTOFFICE.to come into town and compete withlocal trade, especially during 'StyleWeek,' which has been created andmade a feature through the expenditure of time and means by our ownmerchants in other words, that foreigners who spend ho money hereshould be enabled to reap the Tewardsof home advertising."Lexington merchants are entitledto the patronage and good will of theliome people. They live here, spendtheir money here, and contribute liberally to the support of the schools,hospitals, and all public enterprisescalculated to advance and promotethe commercial and social interests ofthe city."All things being anything likeequal, the home merchant should al-jways nave cue pecen-c. j.o.i, othe Lexington merchant asks."The Leader has time and again refused advertisements from out-of-townestablishments seeking to cometo this town and doa cutthroat business by selling stuff by sample whichmay or may not come tip to promise,and The Leader will continue to pursue this policy.Mr. R. K. -McCarney, recently apuointed postmaster of Paris, andwhose appointment was confirmed bythe United States Senate, Wednesdayassumed charge of the local postoffice.Postoffice Inspector J. I. Grimes, ofLexington, was in Paris Monday andchecked up Mr. N. A. Moore, the retiring postmaster. Mr. Moore is assisting Mr. McCarney for a few daysj familiatizing him with the work. Noother changes are anticipated in theworking force of the office at present.e93-'I'New Spring Suits ,Ladies', Misses' and Girls'.New Spring CoatsLadies', Misses' and Childrens7.New Spring Silk DressesTaffeta, Charmeuse and Crepe.New Spring Woo! DressesCrepes, Serges and Ratines.Silks, Wash Goods and Woolen Fabrics,of every description, with suitoble trimmings.saved much by dealing away fromhome."When the good women of Lexing-1ton want aid for their many social jand charitable enterprises, they callon the Lexington merchants and their:,E-Separate Skirts,' Rain Coats,Crepe and Net Waists,Wash Waists.V4emjiloyes for aid and patronage"fon tllQir nnf TifiiTn li?c5 criiit rf !friendly co-opeiation by dealing withljj rpeddler wants nothing but yourmoney. He cares nothing for yourgood-will. He is here today and gonetomorrow. If he beats you in a tradeFRANK & CI ITami7miiHiniimmwMJB;?;mmiiMiimwwould be done by. Let us give our, must be honest, must be square, ?or 'trfhl 4fl.Vtfitt?fi.ff;K.iJL?ligrade to. those wno te tii us ir, lie is nere always. -Lexington Lead- jpj J? 2MMlIlIl!WE9jramat is your misiortune. iou nave -jv"Let us be fair. Let us do as we no 'come back.' Your home merchant tgyis&s&r-2rA-vjr KL iLi3 v AffifcihV-'WlTHE BOURBON NEWS,-PARIS, KENTUCKY. APRIL 3 19141.11That!L!!I!ilLlGlliil!liilllLilill!iliIlil!il!iii!i!llIlilIi!:aBE3TOiIIil22br. pierce's FAVORITE PRESCRIPTION5s a scientific medicine carefully compounded by an experienced and skillful-physician, and adapted to the needs and requirements of woman's delicatesystem. It has been recommended for over forty years as a remedy for thosepeculiar ailments which make their appearance during "the expectant'period. Motherhood is made easier by its use. Thousands of women havebeen benefited by this great medicine.Your druggist can supply you in liquid or tablet form, or you can send50 one-cent stamps for a trial box of Dr. Pierce's Favorite PrescriptionTablets, to Dr. Pierce, at Invalids' Hotel and Surgical Institute, Buffalo.It is your priviledgc to write to Dr.given free of charge. Of courseA MODERN HOMETo Be Complete Should be Equipped With All ModernConveniences. Foremost Among JThese is theCentral EnergyHome TelephoneUse it for Business or Pleasure It's Always Ready.Five Minutes Initial Period onLONG DISTANCE MESSAGESCfce Paris Rome telephone and CeUgrapb o.(Incorporated)3asBourbonDWIS & FUNK, Props.Telephone No. 4.7JBourbon Laundry ,Paris Kentucky.GEO. W. DAVISFUNERAL DIRECTOR AND LICENSED EMBALMER.BOTH'PHONES DAY 137; NIGHT 299.to You a Woman?is CarduiThe Woman's TonicFit SALE AT ALL ORUSGJSTSProfessional CardsDr. Wm. Kenney,JtARIS, KENTUCKY.Office S14 Main Street.Ooe Phones ig-Effi( E. T. 334.tiCadexcJ Home 334.DR.A.H KELLER,Practicing Physician,ttee, Rooms 4 and 6, Elk's Bld-g,1Pri6 - - KentuckyJ. WIIjIj1A1IS,ATTORNEY-AT-LAW.1 Elks Buildine. Hefore marriage he sees only theJteee. After marriage he sees nothing, but the Thorn, ,-r '2mmrWonderful EventIF THERE is a time above all times when a gwoman should be in perfect physical condition git is the time previous to the coming of her babe.During this period many women suffer from headachy, gsleeplessness, pains of various description, poor appetite,and a host of other ailments which should be eliminated in mjustice to the new life about to be ushered into this world. gPierce for advice, and it will be gladlyall communications are confidential.(itsLaundry $)rWest 5 StreetWe Take Pleasure.in "oingupthe finest shirt- (jwaists or anything in the Ivlaundry line. That is whaymade ihe Bourbon Laundrt lfamous fo fine work and ib Aj(lever goes bnck on its repu- mtation. If you are particular Vfaoouc now your nnen is lylaundered, your custom is the Kkind we want as we like to wappreciatee1&&Spe HappyjThousands and thou- rsands of women, whohave everything that heartcould desire to make themhappy, are miserable onaccount of womanly trouble. If you are of thisnumber, stop worrying,and give Cardui a trial.It has brought health andhappiness to thousands.TAKE. rCiUJH m Uy Cardui ydrdiThe Woman's TooleMrs. Delphinia Chancewrites from Collins,Miss.: "I suffered terriblyfrom womanly troubles.We had five doctors, butit seemed I could not getany better. I decided totry Cardui. After 1 beganto take it, I got betterevery day. Now I feel asftfwell as I ever did." TryCardui. today. E-005IPJ-66 IDI !iL-J ILJa.jca - iA Hero is a man who marries on rI,?jlt to existence in civilized commu$15 per "week. nities- ,The Bourbon News'Established 1881 32 Years of Continouous Publication.SWIFT CHAMP, Editor and Owner.(Entered at the Paris, Kentucky,Postofilce as Mail Matter of theSecond Class.)One Year $2.00 Six Months. $1.00Payable in Advance.Published Every Tuesday and FridayADVERTISING RATESDisplay Advertisements, $1.00 'perinch for first time; 50 pents per incheach subsequent instertion.Reading Notices, 10 cents per lineeach issue; reading notices in blackUype, 20 cents per line, each issue.Cards of thanks, calls on candidates, obituaries and resolutions, andsimilar matter, 10 cents per line.Special rates for large advertisemnts and yearly contracts.The right of publisher is reservedto decline any advertisement or othermatter offered for publication.Space is a newspaper's stock intrade and source of revenue.PRING-LIKE WEATHERCLOSES MONTH OF MARCHtt The closing week of March wasmarked by alternating sunshine andshowers, and the weather has beensufficiently spring-like to cause thegrass to take on an emerald hue, andto bring out the buds on the mapletrees and lilac bushes. A few springflowers are also seen, and a spirit ofrejuvenation and hopefulness prevails.There seems to be every promise ofan early season and farmers are rejoicing that the wintry conditions thatusually obtain sometime in March,came at the beginning rather than atthe end of the month. Farmers havetaken advantage of the week to burntheir tobacco beds, and hundreds havebeen prepared for the seed. An unusually large acreage of the weed willbe cultivated during the coming season, and every effort made to havethis the banner year, weather conditions peimitting.STRENGTHENS WEAKAND TIRED WOMEN."I was under a great strain nursinga relative through three months' illness," writes Mrs. J. Cl Van De Sande,cf Kirkland,.Ill., "and Electric Bitterskept me from breaking down. I willnever be without it." Do you feeltired and worn out? No appetite andfood won't digest? It isn't the springweather. You need Electric Bitters.Start a month's treatment today;nothing better for stomach, liver andkidneys. The great spring tonic.Relief oi money back. 50c. and $1.00at your druggist.(April)SOCIETY OPPOSES ,NEW EASTER CLOTHESDesigned to check what is declaredto be a growing tendency on the partof the American people to make theEaster season the occasion for displaying fashionable clothes, a movement has ben launched at Washington to form the "Society for the Prevention of Easter Desecration." Themembers of this society would pledgethemselves not to wear new articlesof clothing, beginning with Palm Sunday until after Easter Sunday. TheDistrict of Columbia Christian Endeavor Union declared that the realmeaning of Easter is often lost sightof nowadays because of the popularcraze for new and fashionable clothing, andpredicts that the movementwill vastly increase the cairn devotional spirit of that season.THE COST OF FLIES TOTHIS COUNTRY ANNUALLYCourier-JournalFlies cost the United States '$350,000,000 annually. This statement ismade in a circular issued by the Committee on Pollution and Seweraee.Merchants' Associaation of New York.Ihe committee does not say on whatbasis it has made the computation.F,lies undoubtedly cost the UnitedStates a great deal. They are expensive things to have around the house.They multiply very rapidly and in increasing numbers. The evil they dois multifarious. It is-a difficult matter to reduce it to' figures. Possiblyone man's guess is as good as another's in such mattres.There are scientists and Rplminrc1 nowadays who can supply figures onalmost every conceivable subject,irom the dimensions of the canals onthe planet Mars to the rate of growthof an ingrowing toe nail. Those whohave figured on the fly family assureus that one fly left to pursue the eventenoi of its way will leave a few billions of descendants to plague mankind long after their progenitor hasgone the way of all flesh. It is important, therefore, that the flies leftover from last year should be putout of business before the laying season begins.Whatever the flies may cost thecountry in the damages they inflict, itis "more than a plentv." If there areflies in the house that have managedto stick around through the winterand kepp the breath of life in theirbodies it will -be an act of wisdom toto dispose of them now. The housewife thereby will save some expenseand much annoy ance.If the early cropof the pests is attended to at the proper time there will be fewer flies later.In other words, a swat in time savesninety when it comes to a question offly survival.It is sufficient to say that the fly(cost is too great to be very tacitlyendured, As a simple nuisance thefly has little excuse for living. As amarauder and a menace "he has noMERCHHATS OFFER PRJESFOR BOURBON SCHOOL FAIRMuch interest is being manifestedin the coming Schol Fair to be heldin this city on April 17. Prizzes willbe offered for work done by the pupilsof the Bourbon counay schools, in theexhibition which will take place inthe court house.It is expected that the exhibit willsurpass all previous exhibits in thecounty. Everyone interested in thiscommendable work is urged to attend,bins, requests that all articles for exhibition shall be in her office not laterthan Monday, April 13, in order thatthey may be classified, marked andjudged by the committees in ample)time lor ine exuiDit.Following are the prizes offered bythe Paris merchants:Best specimen of freehand drawingFirst prize, kodak, DaughertyBros.; second prize, $2, Craig-DavisMotor Company, John Merringer.Best map of North America Firstprize, $5, Pearce Paton, J. O.Marshall;second prize, $2, J. W. Davis, H. S.S. Struby.Best map of United States Firstprize, $5; Peoples Bank; second prize,$2, E. B. January.Best set of copy books (three in aset) First prize, $5, Judge C. A. McMillan; second prize, $2, Prichard &Ball.Best .set of arithmetic papers (threein a set) First prize, desk, J. T. Hinton Co.; second prize, $2.50, GeorgeBatterton.Best set of language papers (threein a sea) First prize, rocking chair,A. F. Wheeler Furniture Co.; secondprize, $2 in groceries, J. E. Craven;one box stationery, Dr. Oberdorfer.Best composition, "Care of theTeeth" First prize, merchandise, C.E. Butler; second prize, $2.50.Best made apron First prize, $2.50;Joseph A. Farris; two-pound box ofcandy, Miss Holladay; second prize,$1 in groceries, T. C. Lenihan.Best made waist First prize, barpin, A. J. Winters & Co.; secondprize, $1, J. S. Wilson & Bro.Best made dust cap First prize,Ford & Co.; second prize, $1.50 ingroceries, Lavin & Connell.Best specimen of embroidery,First prize, $5 ring, William Shire;second prize, $2 box candy, PeoplesPharmacy; stamped linen, Twin Bros.Eest specimen of hemstitchingFirst prize, $2.50, W. G. McClintock;$2 book, Paris Book Co.; second prize,awo boxes stationery, Clarke & Co.Best specimen of crocheting Firstprize, $5, Buckner Woodford, Sr.; second prize, $2.50 in groceries, Taylor &Jordan.Best specimen of tatting Firstprize, $z.ou, w. i. weoo; $z in merchandise, Frank & Co.; second prize,$2 in merchandise, Varden & Son.Best specimen of knitting Firstprize, $2.50; Deposit Bank; hat, Mrs.M. Parker; second prize, one boxhosiery, Burnaugh's.Best specimen of bead wark Firstprize, one pair silk hose, Mitchell &Blakemore; second prize, $2 in groceries, Logan Howard.Best specimen of paper cutting byooy First piize, $5 in merchandise,J. W. Davis & Co.; second prize, $2in merchandise, Higgins & Flanagan.Best specimen of paper weavingFirst prize, $2.50 in merchandise, Lowry & Talbott; second prize, $1, N.Kriener.work First prize, $5 , Dr. C. G.work Firsa prize, $5, Dr. C. G.Daugherty; second prize, $2.50, JamesMcClure.Best specimen of woodwork Firstprize, $5, Bourbon Lumber Co.; second prize, $2. Templin Lumber Co.; $1shirt, Price & Co.Best composition, "Gardens andFlowers" First prize, $3, second , $2;third, $1; Stuart & O'Brien; seedsand bulbs."T!Z'FIXES TIRED,SORE. SWOLLEN FEETGood-bye sore feet, burning feet,swollen feet, sweaty feet, smellingfeet, tired feet.Good-bye, corns, callouses, bunionsand raw spois. Nomore shoe tightness, no more limpng witn pam or'rawing up yourface in agony"TIZ" is magical,acts right o ff."TIZ" draws outall the poisonousexudations whichpuff up the feet.Use "TIZ" and for-your toot misery. Ah! howcomfortable your feet feel. Get a 25cent box of "TIZ" now at any druggisttr department store. Don't suffer.Have good feet, glad feet, feet thatnever swell, never hurt, never gettired. A year's foot comfort guaranteed or money refunded.(No. 1-fri)Gov. West, of Oregon, threatens toclose the saloons at Troutdale, whereMrs. Hilda Larson :s Mayor, if violations of the liquor laws continue.FOR RENT.Two rooms on third floor of Agricultural Bank Building. Heat andwater furnished."(17-tf)NOTICE.Notice is hereby given that the uddprsigned will not be responsible foanv accounts contracted by any person without his Dersonal permission.RUFUS P. STIVERSParis, Ky., March 25, 1914.(27-3t)Executor's Notice.getAll persons having claims againstthe estate of Mrs. Julia Doyle, deceased, are requestec to present sameproperly proven according to law tcthe undersigned for payment. Thoseknowing themselves indebted to saidestate will please call aund settle.PRANK SUULIVAN,Executor of the Estate of Mrs. Juli;Doyle, Deceased.(24-lmo.) .SSOS(z7 M c arts aepenaeni-zp?- Their health asestablished in childhood.if your child is languid, bloodless, tired when rising, without ambition or rosy cheeks, Scott's Emulsion is a wonderfulhelp. It possesses nature's grandest body-buildinr fats so$ w delicately preoigested thatand carries it to every organ and tissue and fibre.First it increases their appetite, then it adds flesh strengthensthe bones makes them sturdy, active and healthy.No alcohol or narcotic in Scott's Emulsion, just purity and strength.I I E3SH 1-M7IMNew Year srThoughtful consumers of FUEL will resale to obtain ths higheste(ficiency for theirmoney during the year to come. This meansthat they will useJox ffitcige Coaij"T HE FUELWITHOUT A FAULT."Dodson & DentonThe HomeYards, South Main St.QfessQ&rssSesesg&C&essSKQuickly relieves Rheumatism. Sore Mua-lpa NAnrnlma Ra1ra1a Tfaarianha anilall Dains. Your moner back if it f aila to i olieva any ache in any cart of the body ialmieen minutes tune.Jfriee 50c. A.t All DruggistsFree sample and circular aent on reqaeit.BOURBON REMEDY COMPANY,342 East Main St., Lexington, Ky.lew BarbershopWindsor Hotel.Modern Equipment.Polite Service.Everything Sanitary.Children's Work a Specialty.CARL CRAWFORDINSURANCE ,AGAINSTf IRE, WINDandLIGHTNINGW. 0. HINTON,AGENT.For Old. Strong, Reliable,Prompt-Paying Companies, seeme.!H. M. HamiltonVeterinarianOffice, Butler's Drug Store Phones261..Residence, E. T. 546; Home, 449.Paris, Ky.(10feb-2mo)j Spruce Upyour wearing apparel clean- fed and put in order for 5Spring. tWe Do the Work. Right.Comparison will affordyou an opportunity to Sjudge. JGive Us a Trial.ELECTRICDRY GLEANIG GO.Cahal 4 Applegate, Props.627 Main St., Paris, Ky, ,Growing Childrenon nounsnmenc ror growth.men and women is lantefothe blood absorbs its strength13-79ifmt223eS&!&Resolutionsof Good CoalBoth Phones1 40OUR SEST OFFER!The Biggest Combination Bargain ofStandard Publications EverOfferedHERE IS THE OFFER:The Bourbon News.l year, $2.0tThe Weekly Enquirer, 1 year, $i.0iFarm and Fireside, semi-monthly, 1year, .50 cents.Household Journal and Ixoial Life,monthly, 1 year, .50 cents.Poultry, Husbandry, monthly, 1year, .50 cents.To-Day's Magazine, monthly, 1year,. .50 cents.Our Special Bargain Price forall Six, Each One Year, $2.75.We consider this the biggest andbest bargain we have ever been ableto offer our readers. Our own publication heads the list. The other fivehave millions of readers and are toowell-known to need a further introduction. Please remember that our contractwith the publishers is limited andthis offer may be withdrawn at anytime. Take abvantage now while theopportunity is yours and you will notregret the investment. If you arealready a subscriber to any of theabove your subscription will be extended one year from the time it expires. Call or mail orders toTHE BOURBON NEWS,Paris, Ky.PILES! PILES! PILESiWILLIAMS' INDIAN PILE OINTMEPWill cure Blind, Bleeding and Itchinp PitIt absorbs the tumors, allays itchin? at onacts as a- poultice, gives instant relief.For sale by all druggists, mail 50c and SLWILLIAMS MFG. CO., Props., tievelondj ML. Oberdorfer, Druggist, Paris, Ky.per FMLUcent $i.mo to $100000W. KING & SON,512 Cheapslcte. lexlnston.KvCANCER CUREDII nirsPanta uanu & I .t...dertake; 20 years practice; rsf-erence, any citizen of Paris.DR. WM. R. SMITH,Paris, Ky.ONEfwnR0PCf BOURBON POULTRY CUREdown a chick's throat coresfapes, A few drops in therinking water cures andprevents cholera, diarrhoeaand other chick diseases. One80c bottle makes 12 gallons ofmedicine At all druggists.Sample and booklet on "Diseases of Fowls" sent FREE.Sertai ftaiMtfy C.luiigt,l7dkggssSjsS3HBBM flKtFor Sale by W. T. Brooks"aW"?THE BOURBON NEWS, PARIS KENTUCKY, APRIL .3, 1914I3S3SS Paris Odorkss Cleaning Co. 8Let us Make that Last WinterVSuit or OvercoatLook Like New.You will be surprised when we send your clothes home,and will wonder why you have not tried us before.g All Work Guaranteed Satisfactory9 Men's and LadiesPanama and Straw Hats Cleaned andReblockedto your satisfaction.We Call For and Deliver Work.Call up E. T. Phone 40.Paris Odorless Cleaning Co., Sam Levy, Proprietor.White Kid Gloves Cleaned, short, 10c; long 25c.THEATRICALLEXINGTON OPERA HOUSE.MWftMMMtOMMiI -' . . - - v- .-. ttm m flA? N' IA1Vsri A'l'lvWBW.. KJm "VtVL-fjO- -i," "v"w-wTHE GREAT SHI? SZEANDBEL"(I LcigCi 500 feet; breadili 93 feet, 6 inclee; 510 et-tterorma ami pirlois accommodating 1300 ra6en-f cr-. Greater ia cotl larger In nil proportions nciic. .n all ojipointa-eatfa tliau naj tteaa.tr oaF inland vaters of iLe vrcrld. In Bervice J une 15lL.MacnlHccnt Steamers "SCEANDCZIV "Clly of Erie" end "City of Buffalo"Dcdly CLEVELAND and BUFFALO May 1st to Dec 1stjza c Lierclanu . - ti.uu i . JU. ijosxe uu-aio - - ovu ir. ai.Arrive l.r-V - - C0A.U. Arm e Clc elznd - 6:30 A.M.(Central Etardard Tiaie)Conncctiocs ct BnCilo for TClagara Tails and all Eastern and Canadian Poia. Railroad ticketsreading lx twct.ii Cleveland uud Buffalo are j,ood for transportation on our ete3mers. Aekour ticket tgrnt for ttcLe.9 .a C . 1. Line. V ri"o us lor liundeoirc illustrated booklet free.THE CLEVELAND Cz BUFFALO TRANSIT CO.. Cleveland, O.UMaAuMH"Montgomery & Stone."At the Lexington Opera House Friday and Saturday, April 10-11, therewill be two favarite stars in the castof "The Lady of the Slipper," whichCharles Dillingham is sending out.They are Messrs. Montgomery andStone. The play is called a "musicalI fantasy," and the company numbers"iui c Luaii. uub uuiilu t:u persons, maddition to the stars, the cast willindued Douglas Stevenson, formerlyof Lexington and Versailles, whosetheatrical achievements are a sourceof pride to both cities."Joseph and His Brethren."By far the biggest thing in Lexington this year will be the splendidpageant drama, "Joseph and HisBrethren," which comes to the OperaHouse April 13, 14 and 15. This production is the third and greatest ofthe colossal Liebler and Companyspectacles from the Century Theatre,New York, the companion play to"The Garden of Allah" and "TheDaughter of Heaven.""Joseph and His Brethren" is universally conceded to be the most magnificent theatrical show yet given inAmerica.The scenery is so massively beautiful and intricate that a force of onehundred men is necessary for itshand-ling. There are herds of camels, oxen, asses, goa:s, horses, andsheep, and other accessories in suchnumber and profusion that detail ispratically impossible.NOT EVEN ONEMEASURE VETOEDGovernor Signs Last of BllsPassed By the GeneralAssemblyiX; ',"v,t.. l-J i"JOSEPH AND HI BRETHREN"AT LEXINGTON OPERA HOUSEJTOBm9m9e9A CCOCOTTONALL GRADESAt Lowest PricesTwig Bios. Depl Store, ISeventh and Main Sts., Paris, Ky.By far the biggest thing whichcomes to Lexington will be the splendid pageant drama, "Joseph and HisBrethren," at the Lexington OperaHouse for three nights, April 13, 14,15, with matinee Wednesday, 15th.This marvelous production is thethird and greatest of the colossal Lieblei Company, spectacles from theCentury Theatre, New York, the companion play to "The Garden of Allah"and "The Daughter ,.i Heaven.""Joseph and His Brethren" is universally conceded to be the most magnificent theatrical show yet given inAmeiica. In London it is now beingdone by an English company headedby Sir Beerbohm Tree and Miss Maxino Elliott, but next week Lexingtongets the oiiginal New York production with its world of scenery and effects and the same superb cast ofprincipals which played the piecethere all last winter. There are fouracts, eleven massive scenes, and asmall army of two hundred and fiftypeople concerned in the play. Brandon Tynan plays "Joseph;" that sterling stage veteran, James O'Neill,"Jacob;" and the most beautifulwoman on the American stage, MissPauline Frederick, the role of "Potlphar's Wife." Other notable actorsin the cast are W. T. Carlton, HenryHarmon, Charles D. Herman, ItosinaHenley, Dramatist E. E. Rose's cleverdaughter, Ruth Rose, and five scoremore of the favorites who delightedNew York audiences for six months.The story is told in the sonorousclassical English of the Bible itself.The author is Louis N. Parker, themost famous playwright of the present day, who has given the contemporary stage John Drew's "Rosemary,"Geoige Arliss' "Disraeli," "PomanderWalk," "Drake," etc. The scenery isbeyond all description. So massive,beautiful and intricate is it that aforce of one hundrcC men are necessayr for its handling. There areherds of camels, oxen, asses, goats,hoises and sheep. There is a balletcorps of twenty-four dancers ia thewonderful palace scene in Pharaoh'scourt. "Joseph and His Brethren" isthe last word in modern stagecraftand spectacular diama. During itsengagement at Lexington the eveningperformance will begin at eighto'clock sharp, and the matinees attwo p. m. Seats may be ordered bymail if remittance is enclosed togetherwith a self-addressed stamped returnenvelope.Prices 50c, 75c, 1.00, $1.50, ?2.00.(adv)"':APostalBringsInisookIt was necessary to lower the wireless masts of the battleship Texas to' allow her to pass under the Brooklyn1 bridge.Candidate For Congress.Mt. Sterling John S. Halley.ofGrayson, Carter counly, has announced his' candidacy for the Democratic! nomination for Congress from theis represented at piesent by Congress-man W. J. Fields.i -,Ycu think a wagon makes a lot of, oiesn when it is empty. But youi ought to hear a man when he is full.FRANKFORT, Ky., March 30.The last one of the ninety-one billspassed by the General Assembly hasbeen approved by Governor McCreary. He did not veto a .singlemeasure.While the State wide prohibition,Finn railroad bill, corrupt practicesact and anti-pass bill died in the Senate, the Assembly passed a 2 centfare bill, an amended county unit bill,a child labor law, workmen's compensation act, five cent road tax, and aState adoption of text books law,which stands out as the most prominent achievement of the session.The workmen's compensation act isprobably the most radical legislationenacted in Kentucky in a generation.It is in effect a State insurance proposition, creating a fund by assessingemployers, and plac-ig the fund in thehands of a commission composed ofthe Attorney-General, Commissionerof Agriculture and Insurance Commissioner, to be invested and the proceeds used in compensating workmeninjured in industrial accidents. Whilethe assessment is made on classes ofindustries based on the payroll it islimited so that experts estimate theassessment at 40 per cent, lowerthan the best rates offered by liability companies.It affects every employer of sixpeople, excepting in domestic serviceand agricultural labor, and has beenthe subject of more inquiries than anyother measure enacted at the recentsession. The fact that the commission to administer the fund is onewhich must necessarily change handsevery four yeais and uiat the one inaugurating the system will drop it inlittle more than a year after making astart is causing some skeptical comment. The New Jersey scare of compensation is followed in a great measure,basing the recovery on the earning capacity of the injured person, and limiting compensation for total disabilityor death to 3,750, and making onlydependents of the person killed thebeneficiaries.In order that employers may be induced to exercise the option of takingthis insurance, they are deprived inpersonal damage suits of the defenseof assumed risk, contributory negligence and the fellow-servant rule oflaw. On the other hand, if an employe, upon notice that his employerhas joined such a plan, refuses toagree to such award, he is deprivedof the light to base his recovery ina suit on the allegations of the negligence of a superior officer or negligence of his employer in furnishinghim an unsafe place to work.The law goes into operation ntxtyear.The child labor law was repealedand re-enacted, forbidding tne employment of a child under 14 duringthe school term, and prohibiting sucha child appearing in any publicamusement place on the stage; requiring a permit from the school authorities for a child under 16 towork during the school term, and toget such pel mission the employermust file a statement, and also file janother when the employment ceases, jSix days, or forty-eight hours, is the jlimit for which such a child can bekept in any one week ; the employ-!ment between the ours of b p. m.and 7 a. m., is forbidden to a boy ofthat age; while certain, hazardous occupations xare enumerated as forbidden fmtirelv to children under 16. Incities of the first a.id second class noone under 21 years of age may act as 'messenger or delivery boy after 9o'Glock at night, anu gnu uner si , rmay not work at occupations requir-1ing them to stand. Street occupacities are forbidden to boys unde. 14 jtions in first, second and third ciass iand girls under 18. IYou'll find it on the top of eachgenuineCORTRIGHTMetal ShingleIt is put there to protect you as wellas us from the imitator. Roofs coveredwith these shingles 27 years ago aregood today, and have never needed repairs That's vhy they're imitated.Therefore, look for this stamp.For Sale byBEST & HAWKINS, Millersbprg, Kentucky.1 i ii i 1 1 -"' '..Humane Enterprise.A moving picture theater in Newburg is humanely enterprising. Whena small child is injured while playingalone in the street the news is flashedon the screen, so that the chiia'smother may, if she desires, go out andinvestigate. New York Press.Mr. Twickembury.Here's a real Twickembury, heardIn a parish call: "The doctor made aDiogenes of the case and decided itwas typhoid." Christian Register.Every Cough Scatters GermsTO STOP THE SPREAD of colds in the family,ailay the first couzhlne by Soothine ardSmoothing the inflamed bronchial tubes -withDr. Bell'sPINE-TAR-HONEYIt also Inhibits furthergerm growth.Granny Metcalfe says "Itain't what you're noin' todo, it's what you do do thatcounts when you're ailine."26c. 60c, SI .00. At AllDRUG STORES.Sr!V . vCOUNTY COURT DAYS-Below is a list of the days CouotyCourts are held each month, ia caties tributary to Paris:Anderson, Lawreceourg, 3d Mbndfcy.Bath, Owingsville, 2d Monday. 'Bourbon, Paris, lt MondayBoyle, Danville, 3d Monday.Breathitt, Jackson, 4th MondaysClark, Winchester, 4th Monday.Fayette, Lexington, 2d Monday.Fleming, Flemingsburg, 4th MondayFranklin, Frankfort, 1st Monday.Garrard, Lancaster, 4th Monday.Grant, Williamstown, 2d Monday.Harrison. Cynthiana, 4th Monday.Henry, Newcastle, 1st Monday.Jessamine, Nicholasville, 3d MondayLee, Beattyville, 4th Monday.Lincoln, Stanford, md Monday.Madison, Richmond, 1st Monday.Mason, Maysville, 1st Monday.Mercer, Harrodsburg, 1st MondayMontgomery, Mt. Sterling, 3d Moaday. Nicholas, Carlisle, 2d Monday.Oldham, Lagrange, 4th Monday. .Owen, Owenton, 4th Monday.Pejidleton, Falmoutn, 1st MondayPowell, Stanton, 1st Monday.Pulaski, Somerset, 3rd Monday.Scott, Georgetown, 3d Monday.Shelby, Shelbyville, 2d Monday.Wayne, Montecello, 4th Monday.Woodford, Versailles, 4th MontJay;TREESStrawberry Plants"TELL BY THE BELL"For Sale by All Druggists.KENTUCKYTRACTION . TERMINAL COMPANY.Interurban Schedule.Leave Lexington Leave ParisFor Paris for Lexington6.00 a m 6:45 a m7:20 am .;- 7:30 a m8:00 am 8:15 a m8:50 a m 9:00 a m10:20 a m 9:45 a m11:50 am 11:15" a m1:20 p m 12:45 p m2:50 q. m 2:15 p. m3:30 p m 3:45 p m4:20 p m 4:30 p m5:00 p m 5:15 p m6:00 p m 6:05 p m7:20 p m 6:50 p m9:10 p m 8:15 p m11:00 p m 10:05 p mDaily except Sunday.Fruit and Shade TreeSjwShrubs, Asparagus, Grapevines, Rhubarb, Peonies,Phlox, Seed Potatoes, &tcEverything for Orchard,Lawn and Garden.Free Catalog No AgeatsH. F. Hillenmeyer & SonsLexington, Kyvi Nurserymen Since 184120feb2mo)GasiFOR THE GRIPPeruna Is Sometimes Used WithGood Resultsr ittmgfCOUGH MEDICINE FOR CHILDRENToo much care cannot be exercised .in se'scting a cough medicine forchildren. It should be pleasant to !I take, contain no harmful substance, 'and be mcs.t effectual. Chamberlain's jCough Remedy meets these requirements and is a favorite with the moth- jers of young children everywhere. 'For sale by all dealers. !(April) (vt.lv)i."- ', TTT' v4Mrs. Jane Gift.A great manypeople use Peruna for the grip.Some use it assoon as the gripbegins, taking itduring the acutePlumbing and Eleari-cal Work in AllTheir BranchesStoves, Rangesand Appliances.stage of the dis- , Jease, claiming ,for it great effi-cacy in shorten- 'ing the disease, iand especially 'in shorten ingthe after stages.Many people take t after they havehad the grip. Their convalescence is' t$I:!if.:tSpicer &Gilchrist,Elks' BuildingLL Phone, 103 f:Home Phone, 101Daniel Willard, president of the B.& O. R. R., says the railroads forsome years will have to spend a billion dollars annually on equipment,necessitating an increase in freightrates.DEAFNESS CANNOT BE CUREDIt is free it tells how you can havelocal and long distance telephone service in your home at very small cost.Send for it today. Write nearest Bell Telephone Manager, orFARMERS' LINE DEPARTMENTCumberland Telephoneand Telegraph Companyt INCORPORATED." 122 SOUTH PRVOR STREET, ATLANTA, GEORGIA.I -l vt3SSv lalby local applications, as they cannotreach the diseased portions of the ear.Theie is only one way to cure deafness, and that is by constitutionalremedies. Deafness is caused by an'nflsmeri condition of the mucouslining of the Eustachian Tube. When.his vUbe is innamed you have a rumbling csund oi imperfect hearing, andwhen it iz entirely closed deafness isho rasult. a.id unless the inflammation can be taken out and this tube.3toied to its normal condition, theherring will be destroyed foravsr;nine cases out of ten are caused byCatarrh, which is nothing but an inflamed condition of the mucous surfaces. We will give One Hundred Dollarsfor any case of deafness (caused bycatarrh that cannot be cured byj Hall's Catarrh Cure. Send for circulars, free.F. J. CHENEY & CO., Toledo, O.Sold by druggists, 75c.Take Hall's Family Pills for constipation. '. ', (ApO) ' r . (adv)slow. They have cuffercd along for amonth or two. without any signs ofcomplete recovery. Then they resorti in Pprnnn tj n tnnip -rvifh onlonIlilI results ITell a girl that she is looking fine MrTnn. rm , 1 Athand she will hunt up a mirror and Le rtrpove; !Pwder aer nose- writes: "I think I would have been jj dead long ago if it had not been forPeruna. Six years ago I had la grippevery bad. The doctor came to seo440.ISTRAIGHT AT IT.Special Kates &' Excursion iThere is no use of cur J'beatingaround the bush."' We might as wellout with it first as last. . We want youto try Chamberlain's Cough Remedyj the next time you have a cough or acold. There is no reason as far aswe can see why you should not do so.This preparation by its remarkablecures has gained a world wide reputation, and people everywhere speak ofit in the highest terms of praise. Itis for sale by all dealers.(April) (adv)CLEARS COMPLEXIONREMOVES SKIN GLEMISHESWhy go through life embarrassed anddisfigured with pimples, eruptions,blackheads, red rough skin, or suffering the tortures of eczema, 'itch, tetter, salt rheum? Just ask your druggist for Dr. Hobson's Eczema Ointment. Follow the simple suggestionsand your skin worries" are . over,for babies -and delicate, tender skins.Steps chapping. Always helps. Relief or money back. 50c. at yourdruggist.(Al)ril) . (adv)me every day, but I gradually grew Round trip Winter Tourists to a&worse. I told my husband I thought J principal winter resorts in AlabamaI would surely die if I did not getrelief soon. i Florida, Georgia, Louisiana, 2lissis"One day I Plated up the news- I sippif South Carolina and Harawpaper and accidentally found a test!- Imonial of a woman who had been i Cuba, on sale daily Oct. 1, ISIS, HBtS2tcured of 'grip by Peruna. I told my I ...ji on iQ1 .?, -,. t,t -T.X.JTXJ ., TT , April c0, 1914, with final liimt 5ay 2L.husband I wanted to try it. He went adirectly to the drug store and got a 1914 ; also to principal winter resortbottle of Peruna. I could see the im- i . m ,i -vr. ir 'rrnvonf irV o w ,.f " Texas and New Mexico, on aaiwas soon able to do ray work. I continued using it until I was entirelycured."Mr. Victor Patneaude, 32S MadisonSt., Topeka, Kas., writes: "Twelveyears ago I had a severe attack of-lagrippe and I never really recoveredmy health and strength, but grewweaker every year, until I was unableto work."Two years ago I began using Peruna an it built up my strength sothat in a couple of months I was ableto' go to work again. This winter Ihad another attack of la grippe, butPeruna soon drove it out of my system. My wife and I consider it ahousehold remedy." -Those who object to liquid medicines can noY obtain Peruna Tabletsdaily Nov. 1. 1913, to April SO, 1SHLwith final limit May 31, 1914. laberaltstopovers allowed on all winter, tourist tickets. Also low round trlHomeseekers' tickets to points ia Afrlabma, Florida, Louisiana, MTssisgfji;on sale first and third Tuesdays meach month, final limit 25 daysdate of sale. Stop-overs allowedHomeseekers territory. For fsinformation call on or addressW. H. HARRIS, Agent.; T. K.t SMITH, T. A.v. ,K"1 rTHE BOURBON NEWS, PARIS, KY., APRIL 3, 1914How to Detect theAlum Baking Powder"Which are the alum baking powders;how can I avoid them unless they are named?'asks a housekeeper.Here is one way: take the can of a lowpriced powder in your hand' and read theingredient clause upon the back label. Thelaw requires that if the powder contains alumthat fact must be there stated. If you findone of the ingredients named alum, or sulphate of aluminum, you have found an alumballing powder.There is another and a better way. Youdon't have to know the names of the alumpowders. Use Royal Baking Powder only;that assures you a cream of tartar powder,and the purest and most healthful bakingpowder beyond question.MARtMONALEPWORTH LEAGUE ENTERTAINS"IN HONOR OF NEW MEMBERSHEDGES-SCOTT.Announcement li&s .been made ofthe engagement of Miss MattieHedges and Mr. James Scott, both ofLexington. The wedding will bequietly celebrated at the liome of MissHedges' sister, Mrs. Charles Clendenin, near this city, April 15.Miss Hedges formerly resided hereand is a daughter of the late. Mr. andMrs. J. W. Hedges, of Paris. She isthe sister,. of Mrs. Chas. Clendenin, ofBourbon, and of Ollie C. and WalterHedges, of Paris. Mr. Scott formerlyresided in Bourbon, and is a wellknown young Lexington business man.Following the ceremony the couplekwill go South for a short weddingtrip, after which they will return toLexington to reside.HLEXINGTON TOBACCO SALES DEATH STOPS NOTED RACESEASON COMES TO CLOSE MARE 3RED IN BOURBONThe Lexington tobacco market cameto a close for the season Tuesdaywith the sale of from 65,000 to 70,000pounds at prices averaging $8.25 ahundred. Although the exact totals"have not yet been computed, it is estimated that the season's sales willaggregate more than forty millionpounds, which is more than was expected in .view of the drouth and shortcrop last year. For these reasons it"Was figured last year that the total,sales would not be more than thirtymillion pounds.1 Cousin Puss, a chestnut mare fiveyears old, by Pink Coat out of Fleuron, died in Louisville Tuesday following an attack of pneumonia. TheS mare contracted the disease en routefrom the Juarez, Mexico, track, toLouisville, and taken off the car in aserious condition. She was bred byHon. Hal Woodford, of this county,and owned by D. E. Stewart. Shewas highly valued by her owner, anddid some good running during thewinter meeting at the Mexican track.SANITARY COUCH.We are offering a beautiful SanitaryConch at 2.75 during ourFebruaryand March sale.(27-tf) A. F. WHEELER & CO.HORTON.Mr. James C. Horton died Wednesday afternoon at 5:30 o'clock, athis home on Scott avenue, following along illness of Bright's disease. Mr.Horton was fifty-eight ryears of agelast November and is survived by hiswife and six children. He is a brotherof Mrs. Lee T. Beall, of this city.Their mother, Mrs. Joanna Horton,died about two months ago.The funeral was held yesterdayand the remains were interred in thecemetery at Ruddles Mills.IRON BEDS.FOR SALE.Cotton Seed Meal Hulls; also.Shelled Corn and High-Grade TobaccoFertilizers for sale byR. B. HUTCHCRAFT.(17-3wks)Read these prices and compare themwith other. Iron beds from $1.95 upat $22.00. Brass beds $10.75 to $55.00.During our February and Marchsale.A. F. WHEELER & CO.The Paris Epworth League enter-tained Wednesday evening at the ,Methodist church in,- honor of thethirty-one new members added to theorganization. The occasion was veryenjoyable, and a largecrowd attendedthe exercises.The church auditprium, where theexercises were held, was beautifullydecorated in oki and white, and alarge Maltese cross, the League emblem, was suspended above the speaker's stand, which was draped in goldand white, the' League colors.The piogram was opened by a song,"The King's Business," .Miss MattieLilleston accompanying on the piano.Rev. J. S. Sims delivered the invocation, which was followed by thesong, "God Remembers When theWorld Forgets," Avhich was beautifullyrendered by Miss Elizabeth Mann.Mr. Dennis V. Snapp, president ofthe local League, then made the welcome address, and introduced Rev. M.T. Chandler, of Cynthiana, former pastor of the Paris Methodist church,who was the. speaker of the evening.In his address he paid a high compliment to the efforts of the membersof the Paris League, and of the progress made by the organization. Hisaddress was very inspiring and uplifting, and was greatly enjoyed by allpresent.The program closed with an instrumental solo by Mrs. H. 'M. Hamiltonon the violin, accompanied by MissLilleston on the piano. This numberdelighted the audience, which wasevidenced by, the continuous applausewhich followed each selection.At the last conference the Scottstreet church, of Covington, reported,the largest membership, which waseighty-eight, in the Kentucky Conference. The Paris League bids fair tosurpass any of the Leagues in theConference, having a membership ofninety-seven, and will be the bannerLeague when the Conference is entertained here in June.44f Fashion Week IYou Are Invited to Make theWolf -Wile Store Your Headhquarters This WeekMEMBERSHIP CONTESTCLOSES AT LITTLE ROCK.Coming to Lexington Opera House 5EASTER MONDAY, TUESDAY AND WEDNESDAYApril 13, 14 and 1 5WITH WEONESDAY MATINEEThe Greatest Stage Spectacle of All Times. The Third of theLiebler Company. Three One Hundred Thousand Dollar ProductionFrom the Century Theatre, New York. Original Cast and Production.JosephandHis BrethrenA Romance of Old Israel.By Louis N. Parker, Author of "Disraeli," "Pomander Walk," Etc.Combining With Its Own Unparalleled Spectacular Grandeur andTremendous Dramatic Strength the Scenic Splendor of "The Gardenof Allah" and the Costume Magnificence of "The Daughter of Heaven." tSuperbly Brilliant Cast Headed by Lyn Harding, Brandon Tynanand Pauline Frederick. Orchestra of 20. 250 People in Company. 12Scenes of Exceeding Geauty. Herds bt Camels, Oxen, Asses, HorsesDonkeys and Sheep.The Y. M. C. A. membership contestat Little Rock closed Tuesday nightwith an entertainment at the gradedi school building. The contest has beenin progress five months, during whichtime much interest was manifested.The Little Rock group of boys willbe the second in the county.Rev. E. H. Koch, the former pastorof the Little Rock church, who nowresides at Corbin, Miss., was thespeaker of the occasion, taking forthe basis of his address, "The Y. M.C. A. Pin," which is triangular inform, and has the inscription, "Body,Mind, Spirit." This significant mottowas applied to the well-rounded character that makes the perfect man ina way that appealed especially to theboys.After the address a reception wasgiven to Rev. Mr. Koch which was enoyed by him and a large number ofhis former congregation. A saladcourse with coffee was served.Mail orders with remittances, and self-addressed, stamped re- 5turn envelope, will be received and filled beginning March 30. Ad-dress Treasurer, Lexington Opera House. Regular Advance BoxOffice Sale Thursday, April 9. gPRICES Evenings and Wednesday Matinee, 25c to $2 8Mes9a&$seefHe99eteeet4-tJi ii pgS5i:SrWE BEG TO ANNOUNCEthat on Tuesday, March 3d, weplace on sale Spring Styles inNETTLETON SHOESthe footwear of distinction for menGeo. McWilliamsThe Shoe iVlantMlATHEATRCALColumbia Theatre.Saturday will present "Bess, theOutcast." A storr of the daughterof a stage robber, killed by the vigilants, becomes the charge of a schoolmaster. Taunted by schoolmates, sheruns away, but is hunted out by theschoolmaster, who returns her, muchto the chargin of Gladys, who lovesthe school teacher. Stirring scenesfollows when Bess again runs awaywith a theatrical company and whenthe schoolmaster goes to her rescue.They escape to the school house,whither the mininster and schooltrustees pursue them, demanding theexpulsion of Bess. Then, the masterrealizes that he loves his wild girland he tells the townsmen that if shegoes, he goes with her. The two leavettfe village to become husband andwife."Curfew Shall Not Ring To-night."The story as most of us will remember, if we put the lines of the poeminto conversational prose deals withthe capture of the Cavalier, Basil Underwood by some of Oliver Cromwell's soldiers his trial, presumablyas a spy of King Charles' and hissentence to be executed at the ringingof the Curfew, .that evening. Bessie,who is in love with him, hears thesentence and tries every way she canthink of procure a pardon. Being unsuccessful, she goes to Sim, the village sexton, and begs him not to ringthe Curfew that evening. Then comesthe most familiar part of the story,which is pictured vividly when Bessieswings out on the massive clapper,her frail body acting as a muffler between the heavy iron tongue and therim of the bell so that if gives forthno sound except the creaking of theaxle beam."Mabel's Rare Escape." This filmis a positive scream, and should convulse the most blase photoplaygoer.FOR SALE.Alsike and Red Clover Seeds, Timothy Seed; also choice NorthernWhite Seed Oats; high germination.R. B. HUTCHCRAFT.(17-3wks.HIGH STREET PROPERTYIS SOLD PRIVATELY.Harris & Speakes. the real estateagents, sold this week for Mrs. Fannie K. Gaines, of Georgetown, the onestory fiame dwelling house on Highstreet, opposite the Christian church,to Miss Winifred Hanley, of RuddlesMills. The price paid was about$2,100. The property is occupied byMr. Wiilliam Turner, who recentlybought the Hollar property on theFord's Mill pike. Miss Hanley willmove to her new purchase.This week the progressive merchants of Lexingtoncombine to hold their Spring Openings, At the same time,the Wolf-Wile store, joining in this event, will present themagnificent stock of Spring goods which are now crowdingthe store.We have gone to infinite pains to make our displays ofSpring goods of interest to. you, and to bring you to seethem. And we have made arrangements to welcome youcordially and to serve you efficiently when you come. The 'many conveniences of this store areat your disposal and youare cordially invited to make the fullest use of them.Fashion Displayon Living Models,On Tuesday, March 31, morning and afternoon, Springfashions will be exhibited on three live models, who havecome to our store from New York, especially for FashionWeek. They are Jiandsome young women with perfectfigures, and will give excellent demonstrations of the newstyles.DISPLAY OF CORSETSRedfern-Grecian Treco Warner'sThese same models will demonstrate the new corsetson Wednesday, April 1, in our Rest Room on the thirdfloor. They will show the proper manner to put on and wearcorsets, pointing out the best corsets for each figure. This,of course, is only for women.As To Our Spring Stocks,They are the largest and most diversified we have everoffered. So broad and comprehensive are the displays thatyou will find it an easy matter to select your spring needs.The store is decorated with flowers and plants, and onTuesday, music will be given by a full orchestra. You atecordially invited to make the Wolf -Wile store your headquarters during fashion week.COMBINATION SALE.M. J. Murphy & Co. will hold thefirst of a series of Combinaaion Salesat their stock yard:- on -Court Day.This sale will include everythingthat is used on the farm in the way ofmachinery, stock, etc. These saleswill be repeated monthly. See advertisement on another page.(31)-2t)ASTONISHING TESTSYou'll see some astonishing tests ofat the special demonstration at Varden & Son's store, on Apr. 4. (It)IMPROVING PLANTS OF THE'CENTRAL HOME COMPANYThe Carlisle Advocate says:"Mr. J. J. Veatch, "District Managerof the Central Home Telephone andi Telegraph Company, and Mr. W. C.Corman, Manager of the NicholasHome Telephone Company, spent Friday in the Moorefield neighborhood,inspecting the exchange, measuringfor new cables and other repairs ofa permanent nature intended for theNicholas county plant, intended forthe betterment and extension of theservice. Mr. W. C. Collins, construe-!tion foreman, now engaged on similarwork at Cynthiana and Owenton, willhavecharge of the Nicholas countywork, which is expected to commenceabout May 1."At The Paris Grand.As a special attraction at the GrandOpera House tonight will be offeredCharles Klein's famous play, "TheLion and the Mouse," in six parts.This story is the most talked of playof the age, and is produced by theGeneral Film Co. John Burkett Ryder, a master of finance, caused thefinancial ruin and disgrace of JudgeRossmore, a Judge of the SupremeCourt. His son, Jefferson, and Shirley Rossmore, a daughter of thedisgraced jurist, returneing from Europe, meet. Shirley has written astory, and from the description ofJefferson's father, has made him aleading 'character. The elder Ryderreading the story is much impressedwith it, and employs a detective, tofad thp author. This accomplishedand without knowing hoi identity heemploys her to write his biographyThen comes the battle of the Lion andthe Mouse, which 'ends in the victoryfor the latter. (adv)TOBACCO FERTILIZER.We are handling a Tobacco Fertilizer of the highest quality, the samequality we ourselves have been usingwith great success. Only 150 poundsrequired to the acre.CHAS. S. BRENT & BRO.(24-4t) Phones 14.HEARD IN PARIS.How Bad Backs Have Been MadeStrong Kidney Ills Corrected. ..All over Paris you hear it. Doan'sKidney Pills are keeping up the goodwork. Paris people aretelling aboutit telling of bad backs made soundagain. You can believe the testimonyof your own townspeople. They tellit for the benefit of you who are suffering. If your back aches, if you feellame, sore and miserable, if the kidneys act too frequently, or passagesare painful, scanty and off color, useDoan's Kidney Pills, the remedy thathas helped so many of your friendsand neighbors. Follow this Pariscitizen's advice and give Doan's achance to do the same for you.M. Holleran, 200 W. Seventh St.,Paris, Ky., says: Doan's Kidney Pillsare mighty good and I am glad topraise them to everyone. I had alot of trouble from my back and kidneys. The action of the kidneyscaused me much suffering, and sometimes the passages of the kidney secretions were painful. I had backaches, too. I used many medicines,but was not benefited until I tookDoan'sKidney Pills. They soon mademe better and stronger."Price 50c. at all dealers. Don'tsimply ask for a kidney remedy getDoan's Kidney PillsHhe same kindthat Mr. Holleran "had. Foster-Mil-burnCo., Props., Buffalo,. N. Y.i . (Apr 3-6) (adv) ,I Wolf, Wile d Co. Iformerly Jfaufmanj Straus & Co.Q 03s:ix3Ler"t o jol, TSL-xr. 1- -! COMBINATIONSALE,OFSTOCK, ETC.MONDAY, APRIL 6,SiMURPHY'S STOCK YARDS.COMMENCING AT 10 O'CLOCK A. M,we will sell a large consignment of Horses, Mules,Milk Cows with calves by side and springers, Sheep,Hogs, Cattle and Farming Implements of All Kinds,regardless of price and weather conditionsNO BY-BIDS-Everything offered will be sold.nPARIS, KY.GEO. D. SPEAKES, Auctioneer.& 9pring OpeningWeek atLowenthaf s IDon't Fail to See MvUnique Window Displayand Interior DecorationsIn spite of the threatening weather, a great throng ofeager women attended the first day of my formal SpringOpening and gazed in wonder at the beauty of my SpringDisplays of the newest and most exclusive models inWomen's Wearing Apparel. My window display is attracting a great deal of favorable attention and hundredsof women expressed the opinion that it was the mosteunique and prettiest display ever seen in Lexington.Come Friday and SaturdayM. LOWENTHALLadies' Outfitter and Manufacturing Turner336-338 West Main Street Lexington, Ky.mI$Vm9mm999999999999999999.99tATHE BOURBON NEWS, PARIS, KENTUCRY, APRIL 3) 1914 .-'JwMwiferLHAS THE BESTOF ALL LINES MADE:9GML 10- PERSONAL jDO IT NOW.sewing reception at the church Tuesdayand the occasion was one of morethan usual interest. The day was'spent in sewing and social converse,,about ninety-five women of thp ohumhMrs. Duncan Bell was a visitor in being present. At. nnnn a. rJpiiP-hffnii Lexington Wednesday. - lunch, consisting: of croanp.tfps . n.Miss Carolyn Roseberry was a visit- j Pajasus on toast, hot rolls, grape fruit,or in Lexington Wednesday. (salad, coffee and home-made candy-Miss Mabel Robbins was a vis- YO? erved- Messrs. George R. Bell.m vjcuigc vv. .uavis were invitedguests, and a pleasant feature of theoccasion was the presentation of abeautiful quilt to Mr. Bell, which wasmade for him by the ladies as a tokenof the appreciation and patopiti iniMMNOW ciS the time to.1"" m "s yesteraay.-rrtiVVOUr GaS StOVeS I. ""s. Louis Mussinon is improvKjtjyytPUC Vf- 5 .T ' mg, after a severe a-cack of tonsilitis.rush stares, we canye3terday to their home in Shelbdo the work prompt-. county.SV. 1 Mr. James Ferguson returnedParis GaS & Electric Co. 1 yesterday from a two weeks' stay atj Martinsville, Ind.rNJAMIN D. FORSYTH'S I Mrs. White Varden will open herADMINISTRATOR NAMED. I gla.ss jn dancing at che Elks' Hall,j Saturday afternoon.udge C. A. McMillan, Tuesday ap- Mr. R. L. Bramblett is confinedr .uted the Bourbon Bank & Trust j to his home in White Addition, threat1 '"icany as administrator of the es-! ened with typhoid fever.ti of the late Benjamin D. Forsyth.GARDEN SEED ANDSEEDPOTATOESWe have all kinds of Gardeno aeeu irutctLuca.1 U-2t)SeedC. P. COOK & CO.GARDEN SEE DAND POTATOESa e have -all kinds.,Iti C. P. COOK & CO.AGEDCOLOREDDIESWOMANOF INFIRMITIES.Aunt" Celia Mclntyre, an agedrpceted colored woman died at her1 Mie on South Main street Tuesday'prnoon. following: 'a protracted ill-r-ss. She was aged3-ars.seventy-threeEASTER CANDIESEaster Candies at Lambert's.THAT BOY'S EASTER CLOTHES.Of course he'll want a new suit forEaster. Come here for one of ournew Xorfolks in fancy patterns orblue serge.J. W. DAVIS & CO.CHICKENS FOR SALE.Lot of fine laying chickens for sale.Apply to(It) MRS. M. A. PATON.NEW MUSIC.New music at Lambert's.DR. HUFFMAN SELLS FARMTO LEXINGTON MANDr. W. V. Huffman sold Tuesday hisfarm located on the Paris and RuddlesMills pike, about two and one-halfmiles from Paris, and containing onehundred acres, to W. T. Caywood, ofLexington, for $125 per acre. Dr.Huffman purchased the farm from Mr.T. S. Shannon, and realized a niceprofit on the sale. He will give possession to Mr. Caywood in ten days.FEERUARY AND MARCH SALEOne of our specials duringour big jsale is a child's beautiful white crib"bed at $3.75.(27-tf) A. F. WrlEELER &CO.DEMONSTRATION.Don-t miss the Chi-Namel Displaycf wood finishes duiing the demonstration at Varden & Son's, on AprilA (It)DR. SHIVE TO OPEN MISSIONIN MOUNTAIN COUNTY.Dr. B. M. Shive will leave today forDeLong, Martin county, where he willopen a Presbyteiian mission, and willnot return to this city until the latterpart of next week, and during his absence will attend the Ebenezer Presbytery, which will be in session atGrayson. During his absence the pulpit at the Presbyterian church will beilled by Messrs. Stonewall Jacksonand C. E. Blevins, members of the Senior Class of the State University.These young men attendede the Stu-4. Vfli.mtorfr ATnvpm.lt. which'0 held in Kansas City, in February, jtei day.-1 fW wiilhP.no services at the Pros- One tf the most delightful--' "-.- " ... 1Mrs. Ford Brent is recoveringfrom an attack of diphtheria, at herheme on Pleasant street.Mrs. R. B. Cameron and Mrs.Frank Moore have returned from ashopping trip to Cincinnati.Mrs. Chester Amyx and little son,William, are visiting Dr. and Mrs. W.S. Amyx, in London, Ky., this week.Mr. George W. Ellis is ill at hisheme on Cypress street. Mrs. Ellisis convalescent from a recent illness.Mrs. Eldred Dudley and Miss Julia Hamilton, of Newport, are guestsof Mrs. J. A. Dudley, near Hutchison.Mrs. "Nathan Bayless has gone toCincinnati to undergo treatment atthe Good Samaritan Hospital in thatcity.Rev. Dr. B. M. Shive returnedyesterday from Louisville, where heattended the meeting of the SynodicalCommittee.Mrs. W. L. Davis left Tuesday forher home in Columbia, S. C, afterspending the winter with her sister,Mis. John T. Hinton.Mrs. William Sauer was taken tothe Massie Memorial Hospital Wednesday, where she is under treatmentfor nervous trouble.Mr. and Mrs. Clay Cleveland havereturned to their home in Cynthiaiiaafter a visit to Mr. and Mrs. E. C.Cleveland, neai this city.Mr. James Thompson and hisguest, Mr. Russell Smith, of Chicago,returned this week to Asheville, N. C,j where they are attending college.Mrs. Ann McMillan Talbott.tmother of Sheriff W. F. Talbott andAttorney Robert C. Talbott, is ill atthe home of Mrs. Russell Mann, onj Pleasant street.Mrs. John Stewart Roberts andson, Hugh Ferguson, of this city, arewith Colonel Hugh S. Anderson, atGeorgetown. Col. Anderson is suffering from injuries sustained in a falland shows no improvement.Mr. and Mrs. Charles Stephenshave returned from a delightful tripto Calilornia, where they spent thewinter with their sons, Drs. BarclayStephens, Charles Stephens and JohnMiller Stephens.Mr. and Mrs. George Wilder, whorecently sold their residence on Highstreet to Mr. Kenney Nihols, will movetoday to the home of Miss Maria Tipton, where they will have rooms andwill take board with Mr. George Cros-dale.Tampa, Fla., is the guest of her cousin, Mrs. C. C. Leer, near this city.Mis. Alexander is a most charmingwoman, and has traveled extensively,having spent eleven years in ' Braziland two years in England.Mrs. Belle Brent Alexander hasreturned to her home in this city after a visit to her brother, Mr. HughI Brent, in Covington. Mr. Brent is im-pioving from a stroke of paralysis,but owing to his advanced age littlehope is entertained for his recovery.Mrs. John Wilder, who was takento the St. Joseph Hospital in Lexington, several days ago for treatment,underwent an operation at the institution yesterday morning. The operation was performed by Dr. DavidBarow. Mrs. YTilder rallied from theordeal and is doing nicely. Mrs. Geo.Wilder, of this city, was with her yes-which he is held as treasurer and deacon of the church, and superintendentof the Sunday school. An originalpoem, dedicated to Mr. Bell, was readby Mrs. Harry B. Clay. Mr. Davis,the other guest of honor, is the oldestmember of the congregation, havingcelebrated his eighty-sixth- birthdayin February, and is held in esteem bythe entire congregation. He proudlywears a handsome new hat which hasjust been given him by the Sundayschool, of which he was superintendent for many years.Mrs. J. . Elgin was taken tothe St. Joseph Hospital, in Lexington,yesterday, where she will undergo anoperation.THE BEST.The cheapest floor covering, as wellas the most durable, is produced bythe Chi-Namel Graining System, only2c per square foot. Demonstrationby lady demonstrator at Varden &Son's, on April A. (It)GOODS OF VALUE.Get it at Lambert's.FREE.The unlimited Free Chi-Namel offermade by Varden & Son, during thespecial demonstration, shows the extent of their confidence in the makegood quality of that brand of varnish.(It)GET OUT AND UNDER.jfTOne of our new spring hats forEaster wear, $3 to $5.J. W. DAVIS & CO.NEGRO CAPTURED IN PARISEFFECTS HIS ESCAPE AGAINmis-' trian church at nightSunday.on eitherDON'T HESITATE.The time is short until Easter.onip todav and pick out your Easterlcthes. $12.50 to S35.J. W. DAVIS & CO.SEED OATSSeeFeedv have the highest grades of Seed..t i?Pri P.lnvpr. Alsike. Alfalfa andr I nothy Seed, at right priceshpfnrp. niacins: your orders.ts in any quantity. ,,,CHAS. S. BRENT & BRO.,20-tf) Phones 14.SEK TO HAVE C. W. WIGGINSPARDONED CY THE GOVERNORThe Cynthiana Democrat says:"Bill Smith, of color, who wasbrought back to Cynthiana from Parislast week, to finish serving a sentenceof 190 days interrupted 'by his suddendepaiture a year or so ago, escapedagain from the chain gang, Monday,and left for scenes less strenuous.He was working on the streets, anchored to an iron missle sometimescalled a ball, by means of a cloturefrequently referred to as a chain. Aconfedeiate handed Bill a cold chiselwhen not closely guarded, and withthis he cut the chain. When he lefthe no doubt carried the shackle withhim. The authorities are not greatlychagrined at his departure and wereconsidering the posting of a reward of$25 for his capture dead; they don'tcare for him alive. But on secondthought no reward was issued. Bill'sfracture of the law lay in his aptitudefor selling booze in local option terlitory." REMOVAL OPThe Woman's Exchangeand CafeTo Short St opp. Conrt HouseLexington, Ky.We shall be pleased to continuethe patronage of all former patronsand all others, desiring excellentservice.Having removed to more commodious apartments, we are able to servemeals at allhours.MRS. W. H. DARKLEY,3-5t Proprietor."COLD CHECK"POSTEDLAV ISIN LOCALBANKSPlacards containing the new "coldcheck" and "derogatory statement"laws were posted Wednesday in localbanks in conspicuous places. According to law a drawer of a cold check !in sums not exceeding $20 is punishedby a fine of $200 or given thirty daysin jail, and for more than 20 receivesthe punishment of a felon.Bl8lllINew Auto Bas Service,We meet all trains. Passengersanywhere in the city, 25 cents. Openday and night. Service to all partsof the city and county. We especially invite the custom of ladies. Parties, dances and shopping trips aspecialty.PRICHARD & BALL,Both PhonesHome Phone 65Cumberland Phones 66 and 618(Apr6-lmo.)im rrjJ FOR THIS WEEK ONLY.mJ 200 IVIessaline Silkg Retfcicoafcs, Price5 Otrr Regular $2.00 Number.All the regular Spring Colors, Tango, Kelly Green,Copenhagen, Navy King's Blue, Yellow; Grey, American Beauty, Black and White.COME QUICK IP YOU WANT THEM.FOR RENT.Three unfurnished rooms at 1012Main street. (3-lt)GARDEN TIEHERE.HiinhuW. Ed Tucker. 8Paris' Only Exclusive Drv Goods Store.You'll soon be in needof garden seed of someWe have a full line ofD. M. Ferry & Co.'s seedsin packages at 5 and 10c.Both early and late varieties. Also a full line of Flower Seeds in packages at5, 10, 25 and 50 cents.Sweet Pea and Nasturtium Seeds which we sailat 10c an ounce.9SDo vie Iiuilrfine Sth and MaintPeople's PharmacyDoyle Iiuilding Sth and MainBoth PhonesMrs. J. T. PendlentonDress Making and Ladies'Tailoring141 East Main StreetLexington, Ky.Announces the Arrival of her UsualExtensive and Carefully" SelectedLine of eTVIaterials ForGowns, Suits and WrapsYour Patronage is Solicited.00fr4$40$44 ,t(tao(3oc3scaaccaot9 )R m H 9f m Bk i H Mm t. I Mi Mm -5J09(J9E J. T. HINTON CO.9999JL JLJlwBig Sale ClosesTuesday" Evening.You arc IVSissing a Great: Opportunity if YouYour Wants Now.Supply9xl2 Matting Rugs $2.429x12 Mtm Kpjs, 8e .versibleben Tnmoe TO ATnf!rarV Willcsked to pardon C. W. Wiggins, conMcted at the term of Circuit Cour.,which adjourned last Saturday forfooting and wounding with intento kill. Mrs. Wiggins, the young wifeof the convicted man has been circulating a petition among the citizensasking Governor McCreary to extend'leniency to the convicted man, uponwhom Judge Robert L. Stout passedan indeterminate sentence ot romone to live years.Wiggins, who was an employe of theLouisville and Nashville railroad company, shot and wounded U. e. iJ""'one of the members of the firm composing the Paris Billiard Co., because'he latter placed an account hemi ainst him in the hands of an attor,py, which, resulted in a garnishmentAini issued against Wiggins.l is said the signatures of a largefcumebr of business men were secured'o the petition asking that the man bepardoned, while a protest againstsuing the pardon has been filed withbe Governor by -Mann and several jof-''' Iriends. 'sionaiy talks enjoyed by a Paris aurlience was that of Mrs. Kagin, return e'lmissionary to Korea, before the members of the Woman's Missionary Societv of the Methodist church, Wednesday afternoon. Mrs. Kagin is a,voung woman of charming personalityand a good speakc:. Mr. Kagin, whowas also a missionary to Korea fromthe Presbyterian church, accompaniedhis wife to Paris from Frankfort.They were the quests of Miss LouieBruer. Mr. Kagin gave an addressWednesday evening at the Presbyteri-j an church at the miu-week prayo.meeting.Miss Rebecca Averill,of ' Frankfort, Chairman of the Committe onPhilanthropy of the State Federationof Women's Clubs, was an invitedguest of the Paris Literary Club Wednesday atternoon, at the regular meeting of the club. Miss Averill gave apractical and interesting talk alongthe line of civic improvement fromher experience in that work in the cityof Frankfort. She was accompaniedby Miss Lindsay, of Frankfort, andafter the club hours an informal reception was held for the visitorMiss Nell Buckner was hostess for theoccasion.Among those from this city whoattended the performance Tuesdaafternoon and night of "Damage JGoods" at the Lexington OperaHouse were Mr. and Mrs. Sidney G.Clay. Mrs. Lee Price, Mrs. C. WHeck, Mrs. Elizabeth Dundon, MrReuben Hutchcraft, Miss HelenHutchcraft and guest, Mrs. Dedman,of Cynthiana, Mrs. N. A. Moore, Mrs.Rudolph Davis, Mrs. B. M. Dickson,Mrs. W. E. Board, Mrs. Percy Reed,Mi 3. L. B. Purnell. Mr. and Mrs.Swift Champ, Mrs. Clyde Keller, Mrs.P. A. Thompson, Mrs. Pearce Paton,Miss Kate Alexander, Mrs. I. L. Price,These Rugs are of extragood quality, and should beseen to be appreciated.Miss Lucille Price and Mr. JamesBuckner. .The Pastor's Aid Society of thePresbyterian church held an all-dayw99S IlLp'Si'1 Hlrl fiia llli In vyv2?ssa&?lS rMmi' n i ..w- -. iniiiiMMi iiiMirm in T V U II HI I I 111 II 1 1 VllMS fwMvclzSs5k.9l J M9B I - . I I Viuifh. lWM$X&&slfcwfor9Me ?. li&fM? .' SI Learn WHERE ItlMBsMi I furniture. IISPx JOSN OLJRiiP.Hl ? iiinill II M IB! B NW. ?Z&T. X StfrftUImmmm s mmmmLKm j m rnU't-:,:''! mini ijijHir p mm bhsvB siisaai4S36 hsr. e llillll WMMm?A w!Sf22mMW0Sjw& WfcAP13 --5 b s ww&ammz ., w&amm . mmI n HI I IHIII .' ! t IEMtie24. y W lasso. If m rt.--r. i j ii it mi iini i -3a p- n hiiwli.;so. fssj:i.m ir i&i zu i ci m tM I 111:1 4BMHHfeR2WH tt Iff I All Ia aw &W77f,?iiVtl )fffiW'2rZfZ'2zmmm ci lie iiir.is lis If liil h mtf T "iVnl9mmd9mIWlia g W;G.em&mM;mmr"mmm iu.,i,i HiHHHHHHHiHHHiHHHHHflHH Easy Termsr2.95.k!k i. V9 r' SS4' A. SJ3X :Vnaft-ktliWti n pru -jjjr fi'ltr?Li-,ycrrTmmip mirimiwp.yuhmCliildren loveVictro)theFrom ecrlicst childhoodj the Victrola has a place inthe lives of the children.Merely fascinating themat first, it soon becomes asource of instruction aswell as entertainment.The Victrola gives correctformation to their musicaltas'tes by accustoming' themto music that is worth while.Come in and hearthe Victrola bringthe children with youand let themenjovitton. $15 to $200easy terms if desired.illiiliri iMr.DaughertyBros.ana Mrs. Home-Lover :-It saves time and trouble and moneyto go to the rigbt store for your furniture. When you come to our store youlook anywhere else, forEUY OF US; and youfar our prices areyou come to us once,you will come again when you "buy furniture. Get acquainted with our storeand learn where to buy furnituae to the"best advantage in quality and price.,will notvou willhave towant towill save money,reasonable. WhenWe are showing all thenew Ideas and colorings inWALLDECORATIONSLet us show you the QUALITY LINE.THE J. T. HINTON COMPANYParis9 Eers tacky Phones 36Undcraking-Ambti8arice-Wood (VSantels( -im WMa-aMMfMi)-8 iMaiBaitttaaaMffTtfttttttt1a9:sI1999m-999mmAV 'THE aOUkfeON NEWS PARIS, KY., APRIL 3, 1941MRS. WILLIAMS'LONG SICKNESSYields To Lydia E. Pinkham's VegetableCompound.Elkhart, Ind.: "I suffered for fourteen years from organic inflammation, Ji e male weakness.pain and irregularities. The pains mmy sides were increased by walkingor standing on my Ifeet and I had suchawful bearing downfeelings, was depressed in spiritsand became thin andpale with dull,heavyeyes. Ihadsixdoc-iors from whom I received only temporary relief. I decided to give Lydia E.IPinkham's Vegetable Compound a fairtrial and also the Sanative Wash. I havealow used the remedies for four monthsand cannot express my thanks for whathey have done for me."If these lines will be of any benefityon have my permission to publishthem." Mrs. Sadie Williams, 455Barnes Street, Elkhart, Indiana.Lydia E. Pinkham's Vegetable Com-33onnd,made from native roots andherbs,- contains no narcotic or harmful drugs,and to-day holds the record of being themost successful remedy for female illsW:::.'-it'yj;-:: :r-.'.''Xsf''' .--7" - r .-weknow.of, and thousands of voluntary, testimonials on file in the Pinkham'laboratory at Lynn, Mass., seem to' jroye this fact,"- If you hav6 the slightest doubtthat Lydia E. Pinkham's VegetaTleCompoundTvill lielp yoivivriteto Lydia JS.Pinkhain MedicineCo.(confidential) Lynn,Mass., for adTice. Your letter will be opened,"read and answered by a woman,.and held in strict confidence.THOUSANDS DISTRIBUTEDAMONG TOBACCO GROWERSThe 1907 and 1909 tobacco pools,-which marked the beginning of theformation of the great Burley Tobacco Society, and later resulted in theorganization of the Burley TobaccoCompany, have been brought to aclose by the distribution of $316,052among farmers of fifty-two countiesof the State.This was announced Friday. Thismoney represents percentages withTield from the farmers at the time thepooled crops were sold to meet theExpense, of anticipated law suits andother expenses of the Society, andformed the basis for numerous effortsto compel distribution to growers. .The distribution sweeps the treasury of the Burley Tobacco Societyclean, and that once powerful organisation of farmers is now practicallyat an end.Many of the functions undertakeniy the Society are now being performed b'y the Burley Tobacco Company.a co-operative corporation.Over twenty millions were handled bythe Society during its handling ofvarious pools.Mason county will probably receivemore than any other county as a result of this distribution, the 1907 pool-holding $15,146 to the credit of thefarmers in that county, and there wasalso $9,371 in the 1909 fund.Distribution to the other countieswas made as follows:Fayette 1907: $7,457; 1909:149.Franklin 1907: $5,481; 1909:397.Bourbon 1907: $13,373; 1909S10.Scott 1907: $12,905; 1909:211Woodford 1907: $2,349; 1909OILJessamine 1907: $1,206; 1909J2S4Fleming 1907: $5,126; 1909:062.Bracken 1907: $14,477; 1909S18Olark 1907: $10,144; 1909:$5,-$3,-$3,-7,-2,-$1,-$6, -?8,-$2,-S17.The remaining counties receivedsmaller amounts. The total amountfliKfrihnted on account of the 1907pool was $191,755.42. and on account jof the 1909 pool, $124,197.12.mm9Tin Puvnof onJ JM. Kl jl UIOL ca.Ai.va.the BestAll Home Rendered10-Pound Cans, - $1.4050-Pound Cans, - $6,502 !BaiGwiBros., SParis, Kentucky 5Both Phones324 I(fit 1lfBVVlffVI: LAHII esRIVALGRENOLINESCapes and Jackets With CapeEffects Among PopularNoveltiesFLORAL HATS WITHMUFFS TO MATCHNEW YORK, April 5. Followingclosely upon the heels of the wonderful Paquin exhibition are the springopenings of the large stores. In yearsgone by this was announced by cardssent to different patrons who came:o view models displayed on forms,or at the most upon wax figures. Butnow people are demanding more, and:he stores are rising to the occasionand striving to appeal to their customers in a theatrical display of thegowns on living models, and in a setting befitting the exquisite and gorgeous costumes.One store had for its recent display a setting in the garden of thePalais Royale, as suggested by a3cene in "Les Merveilleuses," a playnow being given at the Theatre desVarieties in Paris,$fiyAss."&s!--A. --&Va sa&i"Sti""'xk& " &fl.-l5v-; '.V - ite'.KW.Itv'IvS'MiC - . dzIndian Trimming Aids This Frock ofDeep Red Ladies' Cloth to be Especially Smart.The orchestra played while specially trained mannikins displayed thegowns to their best advantage on theiaised promenade. Mirrors were ar-j ranged at the entrance of the-prome-nad, so that it appeared as if two models were entering, the reflection vanishing like an apparition as the livingmannikins, carefully posed, steppeddaintily down the steps, swayingfrom side to side in the music'srhythm.There has probably been no timewhen there has been greater doubt asto what may be the next turn in thewheel of Fashion, and this was shownin the choosing of the gowns exhibited. The Directoire type mingledfreely with the crinoline styles of theearly Victorian period: the straightlines of the former styles, with itscoats short in front and long behind,contrasting forcibly with beruflledskirts receded to stand awav from thej body, and with one example of theI daintiest of chiffon and organdy pant-, alettes exposed at every movement.many capes. They were very full atthe back, and sometimes fastener! tn ia loose-fitting sleeveless vest. Taffeta and moire were used for those forevening wear, while broadcloth andduvetyne were used for street and afternoon wear. A handsome coat oftaffeta was shown. It was very fullin the back, blousing over an exaggeratedly low waistline, below whichhung a plain circular peplum. Several jackets had a cane of the samematerial fastened to the shoulder andhanging to the waist. One had doublecircular capes which came just belowthe shoulders.Among the jackets the kimono cutwas most prominent, by far exceedingthe raglan or set-in sleeves. Thiscertainly should please a woman whomakes her own clothes. A tan jacket, made in this manner, was veryshort in front and longer in the back.A circular piece was attached just beuow the bust line, about three incheswide, fitting plainly in front and graduating to eight inches in the back,whei it was very full and ripply. Theskirt had a tunic which bloused overin the back.Tunics and panniers were on all,skirts except the rufllod crinolinennoiThey were plain, draped andDIREGOWN3 J?i-t Z-? 4-.,. -it3rL- '.v& at .' rMl 'tsyyt &puffed, short and long, until it is safe,o say that the length may be governad by the most becoming line to thefigure. Some reached across the frontonly, while still another mode hadgathered pieces at either side notnesting in front or back.Striped skirts are worn with plainiacivGuj. A oiack and white striped:affetawas scalloped on the bottomand bound with ribbon. The coateeworn with it was of black taffeta.Beaded bands are being used forcrimmings; sometimes in brilliants,and again in Indian designs, with rich,rude colors. The gown I have chosenfor my first illustration is especiallysuited to the spring season. It is ofdeepred, one of the fashionable colorsfor spring. The waist is kimono cut,with extra fullness added by two tuckscaught under a band of Indian beading, whose colors blend richly withthe red of the gown, which fastenson either side of the belt. A frill offinely pleated net finishes the neck.The skirt is made with an invertedback. With this was worn a hat ofpleat in the front and double tunics,Doth longer in the front than in theMilan braid, with a novelty featherstanding stiffly on one side. Thestyle of this hat depends upon its being placed upon the head at the proper angle.Among the afternoon gowns a frockwas so charming in its line, so smartin its silhouette, and withal so practical that I have used it for my secondillustration. The material is moirelinen of a cool and fresh shade of bluesuitable to wear on a warm afternoon,when one desires to look cool and belie the feelings. The skirt was smartly bouffant at the hips, narrowing atthe ankles. The waist had raglansleeves, with pleats in front and acircular fitted around the neck ofplain blue bound with the moire linen.Both belt and cuffs, of blue, weretreated in the same manner, whileas a finish at the neck is worn a frillof sheerest fluted organdy. Theround turban which crowned the toilette was topped with a bow of bluemoire taffeta to match the color ofthe linen.A dainty little frock of delicatelyflowered Dolly Varden silk was madewith very full panniers in the back,giving the same effect as the skirtsworn years ago when the real bustlewas a part of every woman's wardrobe.-33'hvfimmV vVJ.hh;3mmMimk:.sMl,'iA Hfir a1tft&mmMcCal:riA Slue Moire Linen Frock with Collarand Cuffs of Plain, Moire Eound,Linen.Oneunusually charming sown ofnet lace, with looped overskirts anda bodice, which was more decollettein the back than in the front, had acape of the lace. This had a widecollar of wired lace, which flared overa band of brown fur; a turban covered with white flowers and a stylishlyposed wing in front, perched copuettishly on the head of the model, whilein her hands she carried a muff covered with the same dainty flowers.Thus, with many frills and fanciesreplete with ideas, the parade ofFashion passed to and fro until theevening hours sent shoppers home,and the weary models returned toearth, and to their own clothes, madecommonplace in contrast with the creations they had worn.CHECK YOUR APRIL COUGH.'Thawing frosts and April rainschill you to the very marrow; youcatch cold head and lungs stuffedyou are feverish cough continuallyand feel miserable. You need Dr.King's New Discovery. It soothes inflamed and irritated throat and lungs,stops cough, your head clears up, fever leaves, and you feel fine. Mr. J.T. Davis, of Stickney Corner, Me.,was cured of a dreadful cough after ad-'tr-'" '-eatment and all other remedies fallotf., Kclief or money back.Pleasant children like itT t&Qt a bottle today. 50d 'and $fc00" at yourdruggist. -MY,.,--, . . i't. -,.. -Budklen's Arnica Salve fdR-aty sores. Is(April) . : - (adv) !" Jf.' " v u x -AmtftMttfttttMMMM4I EXCELSIOR ., . !sagg MODEL 7-C:We will have in Paris a Full Stock all Models. We SellPope, Plying Marshall and Day ton.The Joseph Candioto Co.151-153-155 North Broadway, Lexington, Ky.f Supplies of al3 kinds$$Of all interpretations of variousroles last season in New York City,none received higher commendationthan that of Madame Nazimova forher portrayal of "Mrs. Chepstow," inJames Bernard Fagan's adaptation of i"Bella Donna." In the delineation of Ithis somewhat unpleasant heroine by jthe distinguished Russian actress shehas scored a positive triumph. Chas.Fi ohman has made an elaborate and jhandsome production for "Bella Don-,na." With her New York company ofcapable players, Nazimova comes tothe Lexington Opera House Thursday, iApril 16. (adv)The ashes of Baron Carl Gromadzin-!sky, who died at New Rochelle, NewYor k, recently, of apoplexy, wereshipped by parcel post to his old home'I in Germany by his friend, Robert Lessor, of New York.SPRING LAXATIVEAND BLOOD CLEANSERFlush out the accumulated wasteand poisons ol the winter months;cleans your stomach, liver and kidneys of all impurities. Take Dr.King's New Life Pills; nothing betterfor purifying the blood. Mild, nongriping laxative. Cures constipation;makes you feel fine. Take no other.25c. at your druggist.Bucklen's Arnica Salve for all hurts.(April) (adv)The Rivers and Harbor Bill, carrying $43,400,000 aporopriations, hasbeen passed by the House.FOUND CURE FOR RHEUMATISM"I suffered with rheumatism for twoyears and could not get my righthand to my mouth for that length oftime," writes Lee L. Chapman, Mapleton, Iowa. "I suffered terrible painso I could not sleep or lie still atnight. Five years ago I began usingChamberlain's Liniment and in twomonths I was well and have not suffered with iheumatism since." Forsale by all dealers.(April) . (adv)His Program Arranged.The limit of coolness was 6urelyreached by a Yorkshire (England)churchgoer, who requested the vergerto open the windows before the sermon, as it was unhealthy to sleep in ahot room.GIGANTIC CROPS IN PROSPECTTHROUGHOUT THE COUNTRYProspects for big crops this yearare particularly bright at this time asthe result of the almost continuoussuccession of snow storms over thecountry, in the opinion of officials ofthe Dtpartment of Agriculture.The longer the snow blanket ling-j ers, the more frequently it is replenished, they declare, the more growsthe assurance of gigantic crops ofcorn and wheat, better vegetables,more stock feed and lower prices.During February and March generalsnow storms have been more frequentthan for years, it was pointed out."If this snow blanket will only takeits time in departing, ' said Dr. J. A.Bonesteel, of the Bureau of Soils,Department of Agriculture, "we willhave a better crop start this year thanfor several seasons. To date conditions could hardly be more ideal."In the corn belt where there was"fMiFidprable depletion of the cropthrough too persistent drouth last season the snow will prove of incalculable benefit. The corn belt ought tohave a splendid start. Snow is asplendid insurance against drouth, notcomplete, of course, but immenselyvaluable."lfc-HgS.is SiekiiBssM &MMf Asm ofor a Sin of emission? Or Ilotli?we transgress Nature's laws, the Liverstrikes, tnea we omit or neglect untilwe ache or sicken.Loosen the dammed-up bile. KeeD itloose with the old time-tried Mav AppleItoot, (Podophyllin.) Podophvllin withthe gripe taken out is calledFor Sate by All Druggists.4664o46First Mortgage Serial Sinking Fund Gold BondsDated Feb. 1,1913. Authorized $4,CG0,0C0. Issued $3,000,000. Ds(yFeb.l,lS17tcFeb.l,1933,i:d.Interest payable February l.nrt'l Accust '..-t Philadelphia, Pa. Redemablein advanceof maturity on any interest dale in order ot serial nursLcrs at 10J and interest.Girard Trust Company, Philadelphia, Trustee.Purchased by National Hanks. Tnsurar.ee Companies and Trust Ccrcpanie throughout the East, over 2,500,000 have already been cold. For a great many years TimberBonds have been purchased in other rections of the country by investors. We believe,when properly safeguarded, they afford a splendid investraest. as the value of tiraberis constantly increasing.W e Kecommend these Bonds for Investment Delciled circular famished upon request Irnce 1UU and Interest for all maturities Yielding 6Field? Longstreth & RichardsUnion Central BIdg., Cincinnati Citizens Bldg., Clevelandi:::::::::::::::::::::::O V$wwwwwv"vykW5Ky'FOR SALEPIERCE-ARROW7-passenger Touring Car, 1911 model; in perfectcondition. Cost $6,000, will sell for$aV&tlAddressA. HDAHRINGER,K::wKaK:PS909999C9C9C9BORLAND'SThe Home of Good Wall PaperA WALL PAPER TALK.Don't iVBaSce the (VBestake of putting- offtill the last minute the selection of your wallpapers andthen select hurriedly patterns of which you may soon tire.We invite you to visit our store and spend a pleasant afernoon or evening looking through our immense line, consisting of all the season's latest creations in wall decorations. Come more than once if you deem it necessary andstudy the different patterns and shadings so that whenyou do make your selection you can have one to be satisfied with and one to be proud of. Have no hesitancy atoccupying our time, as it is our pleasure to serve you.Our aim and desire is satisfied customers.0mm909m999999999m99 Everything in Wall PaperTELEPHONE 159Wrong Impression Corrected.oome people tmnK. an owiisn suencathe sign of wisdom. Huh-uh. Lan-guage is intended to conceal thought.The man w ithout a thought needs noC . .language with which to conceal it, sohe just doesn't use it.A man never discovers, that hecan't afford an automobile until afteclie has piircliasedone.'iSt. Lawrence Pulp &CorplouisvO. B.ILLEFOURTH AND GSTS.LOUISVILLE, KY.9999999&999999rdv)&&sftfrom Cheapest to Best3eee8e9$8c6eec$8s9e9etr '" ' " ,,T o. S cmoorinT r i aoo o vmr i r rr atr Ruunirti o unikwh.ii v-w -jHaving engaged the service of 'lou'I Livers, an experienced harher, I aranow prepared to handle my trade a:i 1give the most thorough satisfactur.Give me a call and ba convinced.BUCK FREEMAN.Two can live as cheaply as onez they are twins and have an old-fasli-Mioned' mother. ' - 'tt?'J'.;! 'i.A..- , - T " t-1HE BOURBON NtWS, PARIS, KENTUCKY, APRIL 3, 1914i-MMifnairr. .wiiifci -rr?-tStiff Jointsit noprams,Druisesare relieved at once by an application of Sloan's Liniment. Don'trub, just lay on lightly.44 Sloan's Liniment has dond moranood than anything I have ever tried.. lor fetiiT joints. 1 got my hand hurt sobadly that I had to stop work right inthe busiest timo of the year. I thoughtat first that I would have to have mybund taken off, but I got a bottle ofSloan's Liniment and cured my hand."WiLTOif Wueelee, Morris, Ala.Good for Broken SinewsG. G. Jones, Baldwin, L. L, -writes :'I used Sloan's Liniment for brokensinews above the kneo cap caused by afall and to my great satisfaction wasable to resume work in less than threeweeks after the accident."SLOANSLINIMENTFine for SprainMr. Hexrt A. Voehl, Si SomersetSt., Plainfield, X. J., writes : " Afriend sprained his anklo so badly"H ia:it it went uiuuiw no iiiugucii wucuI told him that I would have him outin a week. I applied Sloan's Linimentand in four davs he was working andsaid Sloan's wa3 a right good Liniment."Price 25c.50c, and $1.00Sloan's Bookon horses, cattle,sheep andpoultry sent free.AddressDr.EarlS.SloanJrv I Wu.s.a. rsapl1News Overthe State &Narrowly Escape Death.Carlisle James Hardy and EdwardStump, prominent citizens of thiscity, narrowly escaped death when theend of a large stone bridge, just westof this city, which they were crossing,"gave way. The horse they were driving plunged through the bridge intothe creek several feet below, killing italmost instantly. The breaking if theharness is all that prevented the buggy from also going through and probably saved the occupants from deathor serious injury.Application For Licenses.Extends Call.Mt. Sterling The Christian churchcongregation here has extended aj call to the pastorate of the church totne uev. Clyde Darsie, of Jacksonville, 111. The Rev. Darsie has accepted and will assume his laborsMay 1.I Latest Chapter in Tobacco Suit.Covington The latest chapter ofthe Burley Tobacco Company disputewas written today by Judge F. M.Tracy. He overruled the objection tothe plaintiff's motion for an allowanceof their attorneys' fees from' the assets of the Burley Tobacco Company.i Suit was at first instituted by ElmerStansifer. An accounting of thecompany's standing was prayed forand resulted in an election being ordered by the court. The order ofJudge Tracy holding that the attorneys be paid from the assets of thecompany is excepted to and may beappealed.SPECIAL TO WOMENThe most economical, cleansing andgermicidal of all antiseptics isA soluble Antiseptic Powder tobe dissolved in water as needed.As a medicinal antiseptic for douchesin treating catarrh, inflammation orulceration of nose, throat, and thatcaused by feminine ills it has no equal.For ten years the Lydia E. PinkhamUedicine Co. has recommended Paxtinein their private correspondence withwomen, which proves its superiority.Women who have been cured sayit is "worth its weight in gold." Atdruggists. 50c. large box, or by mail.The Paxton Toilet Co., Boston, Mass.No Cause For Arrest.Frankfort The verdict of $625awarded Mrs. Nora B. Arnold, of Em-j inence, against the Stewart Dry; Goods Co., for malicious prosecutionwas amrmea Dy ine vjourx oi Appeals.She had been buying a pair of glovesat a bargain counter and retained inher hand a pair she had picked up,while the ones she nad bought were, being wrapped up. A store detective! took her in charge z.n& she was ari rested and dismissed in police court.! TIio Pnnrf rf Annoalci coiH tY) oro wasno excuse for arresting her. Theopinion was written by Judge Nunn.Fire Loss cr $2,000.Carlisle The large stosk barn ofWilliam Scott on what is known asthe old Fishback place, on Hinkston,! in Nicholas county, was destroyed bya fire of unknown origin, entailing aloss of about $2,000.Vault Blown Open'.Danville Yeggmen wrecked thelarge vault in the office of the Danville Ice & Coal Company with nitroglycerin. There was only $55 in thevault, and the thieves got that and afew other things. People residing inj the neighborhood did not hear the explosion, although the vault waswrecked.Notice is hereby given that the undersigned will at the meeting of theCouncil on Thursday, April 23, 1914,apply to the Mayor and Board of Council of Paris, Ky., for license to sell atretail and to be drank on the premises, spiritous, vinous and malt liquorsduring the ensuing year at their placeof business near L. & N. depot.RATLIFF & REED.Notice is hereby eiven that thp. nn-jdersigned will at the meeting of thecouncil on Thursday, April 23, 1914,apply to the Mayor and Board of Council of Paris, Ky., for license to sell atretail and to be drank on the premises, spiritous, vinous and malt liquorsduring the ensuing year at their placeof business 521 Main Street.RATLIFF & CUMMINS.Notice is hereby given that the undersigned will at the meeting of theCouncil on Thursday, April 23, 1914,'apply to the Mayor and Board of Council of Paris, Ky., for license to sell atretail and to be drank on the premises, spiritous, vinous and malt liquorsduring' the ensuing year at his place ofbusiness at 700 Main Street.M. FLANNAGAN.Notice is hereby given that the undersigned will at the meeting of theCouncil on Thursday, April 23, 1914,apply to the Mayor and Board of Council of Paris, Ky., for license to sell atretail and to be drank on the premises, spiritous, vinous and malt liquorsduring the ensuing year at his place ofbusiness at 713 Main Street.M. L. WOODS.Notice is hereby given that the undersigned will at the meeting of theCouncil on Thursday, April 23, 1914,apply to the Mayor and Board of Council of Paris, Ky., for license to sell atretail and to be drank on the premises, spiritous, vinous and malt liquorsduring the ensuing year at his place ofI business at 714 Main Street.T. F. BRANNON.Notice is hereby given that the undersigned will at the meeting of theCouncil on Thursday, April 23, 1914,apply to the Mayer and Board of Council of Paris, Ky., for license to sell atretail and to be drank on the premises, spiritous, vinous and malt liquorsduring the ensuing year at his place ofbusiness at 727 Main Street.JAMES CONNELLY.Notice is hereby given that the undersigned will at the meeting of theCouncil on Thursdr.y, April 23, 1914,apply to the Mayor and Board of Council of Paris, Ky., for license to sell atretail and to be drank on the premises, spiritous, vinous and malt liquorsduring the ensuing year at his place ofbusinessat 924 Main Street.ALBERT LYONS.Notice is hereby given that the undersigned will at the meeting of theCouncil on Thursday, "April 23, 1914,apply to the Mayor and Board of Council of Paris, Ky., for license to sell atretail and to be drank on the premises, spiritous, vinous and malt liquorsduring the ensuing year at his place ofbusiness at 927 Tenth Street.JOHN JOHNSON.TB"iiiiii Bt iWti "ni" 1BESTBoy is browned.Lexington The body of WilliamHill, aged eight years, was found after a ten-hour search in a pool nearthe Consumers' Ice Company plant onWest High street. The boy wasdrowned Thursday afternoon whileplaying on an improvised raft. Somedeclare the child was pushed off theraft by other boys'-ijc:1(1tfA large flow of gas was recentlystruck at Sebree which, when hnteu,flamed to a height of twenty feet.the Lamp Oil thatSaves EyesNothing is more important in thehome man clear, steady light. Insurethis by Jtettine the oil that hnrusclear nnd rlin without a flickerdown tot'ie hv-t drop. Pennsylvaniacride oil refined t perfection.rvvts no mo-e than the inferiortnkwaenn nil- saves MONEY saves"WORK ave ere.Your dealer has SOLITE OIL inbarrels direct from our works.Ciias. 0. Stoli Oil Co.Lexington, Ky.Refinery at Warren, Pa.Wc sell the celebrated "No Carb"Auto Oil.When you feel SSEvoas, Urea, worried or despondent it issore Ksa von need MOTTS NERVERINPfLLST They renew the normal vigor arxcake I is worth living. Be sure and ask tMotf s Nerverine Pills &.WILI1AKS MFG. CO., Prop., Cleveland. OhiffL. Oberdorfer, Druggist Paris, Ky...jAM(Copyright, by McClure Syndicate. jNEW TREATMENTFOR PARALYSISGurtis&OverbyBusiness Men's Barber Shop,(Next to Bonrbon Bank);3 - CHAIRS - 3Expert BarbersPolite AttentionHot and Cold Baths; at AHoursNo Long Waits.A Share of the Public Pat-A new operative treatment forspestic paralysis, or paralysis accompanied by spasms, which, he declared, had been successful, was exnlained at a recent meeting of theGreater New York Medical Society byDr. William Sharpe. A dozen littlechildren, once paralyzed on one orboth sides, attended the meeting toshow what Dr. Sharpe had done forthem. The pride of the little ones asthey showed how they were able tomove once useless limbs broughtsmiles to the medical men. Dr.Sharpe's operation for the disease,which is a result of brain pressuredue to cortical hemorrhage before,during, or just after birth, consists inthe compression by direct operationon the skull, with removal of enoughbone to give the new brain room.Notice is hereby given that the undersigned will at the meeting of theCouncil on Thursday, April 23, 1914,apply to the Mayor and Board of Council of Paris, Ky., for license to sell atretail and to be drank on the premises, spiritous, vinous and malt liquorsduring the ensuing year at his place ofbusiness at 977 Main Street.FRANK SULLIVAN.j Notice is hereby given that the undersigned will at the meeting of theCouncil on Thursday, April 23, 1914,apply to the Mayor tand Board of Council of Paris, Ky., for license to sell atretail and to be drank on the premises, spiritous, vinous and malt liquorsduring the ensuing year at his place ofbusiness at 605 Main Street.T. F. STEADMAN.Notice is hereby given that the undersigned will at the meeting of theCouncil on Thursday, April 23, 1914,apply to the Mayor and Board of Council of Paris, Ky., for license to sell atretail and to be drank on the premises, spiritous, vinous and malt liquorsduring the ensuing year at his place ofbusiness at 131 Winchester Street.J. J. CURTIS.Notice is hereby given that the undersigned will at the meeting of theCouncil on Thursday, April 23, 1914,apply to the Mayor and Board of Council of Paris, Ky., for license to sell atretail and to be drank on the premises, spiritous, vinous" and malt liquorsduring the ensuing year at their placeof business on Main Street in Elk Bid.PORTER & SPENCER.Notice is hereby given that the undersigned will at the meeting of theCouncil on Thursday, April 23, 1914,apply to the Mayor and Board of Council of Paris, Ky., for license to sell atretail and to be drank on the premises, spiritous, vinous and malt liquorsduring the ensuing year at his place ofbusiness at 210 Main Street.O. H. PEDDICORD.Notice is hereby given that the undersigned will at the meeting of theCouncil on Thursday, April 23, 1914,apply to the Mayor and Board of Council of Paris, Ky., for license to sell atretail and to be drank on the premises, spiritous, vinous and malt liquorsduring the ensuing year at his place ofbusiness at 418 Main Street.ED. SLATTERY.For Every BakingCALUMETBAKING POWDERBest becauseit' sthe purest. Bestbecause it neverfails. Best becauseit makes every bakinglight, flufiy and evenlyraised. Best becauseit is moderate in costhighest in quality.At your grocers.RECEIVEDHIGHESTAWARDSWorld's Pure Food Exposition, Chicago, 111.Paris Exposition, FrancMarch, 1912I Ton tJmi'f 3av msnv w&ea Toa 6hy c&ew or biz-caa Iisn't v mamtrr whea tohbakiajp powder. Doa't be misled. BayC&lsaet. It'sbo re economical more waoierame gires dck mm.C&IoBet u far tapenor to soar milk ud soda.LOOK TO YOUR PLUIYIBUNGYou know what happens in a housein which the plumbing is in bad condition everybody in the house is liableto contract typhoid or some other fever. The digestive organs performthe same functions in the human bodyas the plumbing dose for the house,and they should be kept in first-classcondition all the time. If you haveany trouble with your digestion takeChamberlain's Tablets and you arecertain to get quick relief. For saleby all dealers.April (adv)The Tennessee Democratic Convention at Nashville to nominate a Supreme Judge has been called for May26 and on May 27 to nominate candidates for Governor and Railroad Commissioner.ATTENTION, YOUNGMEN, YOUNG WOMEN!Got AnyDEFECTS?SORES. BURNS,SCALDS, BRUISESCHAPPED HANDSAND LIPS. TETTER,ECZEMA?Do you really want to heal it? Bad enough tospend 25c ? Then go to the store and buy abox ot DR. BELL'SAntiseptic SalveIt Is sbow white and snow pure and If Itdoesa't do the work, set your money bade'Tell It By The Bell"Do you desire a position in the classified civil service? Post Office ClerksLetter Carriers, Railway Mail Clerks,etc., in demand. Ages 18 to 45. Salary ?75to $150 monthly. Hundredsof appointments to fill vacancies, extension of service and Parcel Post.Mr. H. L. Carl will be at the WindsorHotel in Paris on Tuesday, April 7,inquiring for young men artd womenwho desire to qualify for these appointments.-He will be there oneday only, noon until 9 p. m. Thoseinterested should call and see himwithout fail. Minors must be accompanied by parents.(27-3t)Notice is hereby given that the undersigned will at the meeting of theCouncil on Thursday, April 23, 1914,apply to the Mayor and Board of Council of Paris, Ky., for license to sell atretail and to be drank on the premises, spiritous, vinous and malt liquorsduring the ensuing year at their placeof business at 426 Main Street.BROWNER & JOHNSON.Notice is hereby given that the undersigned will at the meeting of theCouncil on Thursday, April 23, 1914,apply to the Mayor and Board of Council of Paris, Ky., for license to sell atretail and to be drornk on the premises, spiritous, vinous and malt liquorsduring the ensuing year at his place ofruminpss at "Main and Seventh Streets.AFTERSICKNESSOROPERATEDKLc&VAIt is a pathetic mistaketo accept drugs or alcoholic mixtures when naturecraves nourishment to repairthe wasted body and restorethe vigor of health.For forty years the best physicians have relied on die wholesome predigested nourishmentin Scott's Emulsion whichis totallyfree from alcohol or opiates.Scott's Emulsion sharpensthe appetite renews bloodnourishes nerves strengthensbones and restores the courageof health to make life bright3 Scott's Emulsioa sets im actioatoe very forces tut prosote mean;j pore, ncm srreagi. w 13-soTO WINTEfi PURCHASERS!If you are looking for a goodSuit or Overcoatrat reasonable prices for Fall and Winter, here is the plapto get one.We made a lucky purchase of Men's Suits and Orcoats that would retail at $15, $1&and $20, but we aroffering them as a special inducement forcnb I CJl98We also have a full line of Schloss Bros.' guaranteed-tailore i Suits for $15 to $25, Emerson Shoes at $4nd $5, also Stetson and Hawes Von Gal Hats.Other lines of merchandise can be had at a price thafwill please your pocket-book.TWIN BROS., CLOTHING DEPT.L Wolfstein, Proprietor.rasHEEioiaGO SOUTH THIS WINTERGo where fair skies, ideal weather, and outdoor enjoyment dispel allthought of winter's discomfort.WlNTEEt TOURIST FARESNOW AVAILABLE VIAmTO ttjJL RESORTS OF TK SOU i mINCLUDING FLORIDA, NEW ORLEANS, PANAMA AND"LAND OF THE SKY."TICKETS ON SALE DAILY. LONG RETURN LIMIT.ATTRACTIVE STOP-OVER PRIVILEGES.EQUIPMENT, SERVICE AND SCENERY UNSURPASSED.sFor details consult any Ticlcet Agent or writeH. C. KING, Passenger and Ticket Agent, 10 1 East Main St, Lexington, Ky.L. dc N. TIME-TABLEEFFECTIVE OCT. 19, 1913Trairxs .A-rrieNo. ' FROM34 Atlanta, Ga., Daily -29 Cynthiana, Ky.', Daily Except S unda.y .7:7 Maysville, Ky., Daily Except S unday 7:in -nrvnrionii TTv. Dailv Exceot Sunday 7:,n T j xrv rjaiiv FvYfmt Su ndav .' 737 Cincinnati, O., Daily J;3 Maysville, Ky., Daily Except Su nday 10.12 Lexington, Ky., Daily 10:oo n;r.4TiaH f. "Dailv AU'T : ' xr-.r nailv ir.irppnt Sundav 1225 Cynthiana, Ky., Daily Except Su nday .9 Maysville, Ky., Daily Except Sunday13S Lexington, Ky., Daily38 Knoxville, Tenn., Daily :ir J11 TTir "ni1v . . -39 Cincinnati, O., Daily Except Sunday 58 Lexington, Ky., Daily32 Jacksonville, Fla., Daily31 Cincinnati, O., Daily 1U21am18 am3Saax38 am:45 am.:42 am:33 am:20 am15 am:24 am:00 el:10 pm:15 pm:33.pm:30 pm:35 pm:50 pm:18 pm:23 pm:50 pm5:28 amTrains IDe-peirtNo. e1A ninnirmnti O.. DailV4 Maysville, Ky., Daily Except Sunday o"7 Lexington. Ky., Daily Except Sunday I:flam40 Cincinnati, 0., Daily Except Sunday V'll10 Maysville, Ky., Daily Except Sunday IS129 Lexington, Ky., Daily...., llillZ37 Krioxville, Tenn., Daily ,l'33 Jacksonwille, Fla., Daily ia-otSL133 Lexington, Ky., Daily iSln-S6 Maysville, Ky., uauy. '!' UlnllZ26 Cynthiana, Ky.? uany jciju u.aj o .io t ;crrm' TTV Tlailv Except Sunday 3:3338 Cincinnati, O., Daily............. .-.9 Rowland, Ky., Daily Except Sunday 2 jHm39 Lexington, Ky.. Daily Except Sunday !'??32 Cincinnati, O., Daily '''' ?9-H8 Maysville, Ky., Daily Except Sunday 6 .2o m30 Cynthiana. Ky., Daily Except Sunday 6.40 pm31 Lexington. Ky., Daily S-wST131 Atlanta, Ga., Daily 10.57m. 'H cfc O- T?I3ME5-,TJ:Xji3EJTrains ArriveNo FROMi Frankfort, Ky., Daily Except Sunday Jaw4 Frankfort, Ky., Daily Except Sunday 5:5 9Trains IDe.sirtTO1 Frankkfort, Ky., Daily Except Sunday i.v. :33 Frankfort, Ky., Daily Except Su nday ,-. . 5:2Solicited.. Fcr Csl2 byAll Druggists..HARlflY SALOSHIN.oxw -THE BOURBON NEWS;. PARIS, KENTUCKY. APRIL 3 IB! 4.&&ItftliBQvfiVlMllllvf Ifltll VlwIMi!ssifesafA nice spoon in each package.Roasted and packed frest everyday. Insist upon this brand. Forsale by all Grocers. 20c per lb.CERTIFIED CHECPa.Qked in Sanitary sealed car-tons. Costs Jess. Worth more.il Sara IbT tiJr-111 Ikjh lawions, iosts less. Worth more.Save the Coupons, for Sale byCOFECO FFEEall Grocers. 30c per ib.Y. M. C. A. MEN'S MEETINGm wTHEPMDENT AfAATmU BEWAREOFSPGQF1 STRANGERS WTH NCETO BE HELD SUNDAYo4n Event of Great Interest to the EconomicalWomen of Paris and Vicinity will be the-g Dr. O. R. Mangum, the popular9 young pastor of the Baptist church,will deliver an .address next Sundayafternoon at the Methodist church.His subject will he, "Whose Manoccmnvu ni ifT' rrr v:mmm:Formal OpeningKft(HAflfl8l9C8BCCt8fl8SlftAMfiAftftAflSSAAACftfi8ufiHftAfiftftffififtAflftSlBftftiiflftftfl8SflAAAAAASftSMlffMftftwfifiSSAAflAflftSfammamrmmmmmmmmntmmmmtaammammmmmmtmmmaimaammmmammmmmmmiimmmmmmmmBmamKmmBBmmmtaimaa ,,,Ez&zZm? vaHBf?SS: VViKlmmmm--of Lexington's New Women's and Children'sReady-to-Wear Apparel and Furnishing Store... "HARKINS' SHOP" ....-'. - cAt 341-343 West cTWain StreetTuesdaycAprilJnJust in time for your Easter shopping. A beautiul display of the neweststyles in Women's Suits, Dresses,- Coats, Waists, Skirts, Kimonas and other Furnishings for Women. Come yourself and bring your friends.There will be music throughout the day.!9"HARKINS' SHOP,"341-343 West Main Street, Lexington, Ky.,45XJLIBRARY RECEIVESCOLLECTION OF BOOKSThe Paris Public Library receurlyreceived a valuable collection ofhooks, the gift of Mrs. Alice G. Woodward, of Forest Glen, Md., near Baltimore. Mrs. Woodward formerly resided in Paris, and was a teacher inthe public school. She left Paris in1897, and made her home in Washington, D. C. for some time, thenwent to Asheville, N. C, and thenceto Forest Glen, where she is undertreatment for nervousness. Mrs.Woodward left the books in care ofMrs. B. C. Ingels, now of Lexington,formerly of this city, and at the direction of Mrs. Woodward, Mrs. Ingels sent them to the library. Theyinclude more than a hundred volumesof works on history and travel and reference books. Mrs. Woodward wasthe first President of the ProgressiveCulture Club organized in 189 &.FRESH FISH.We are reciving fresh fish daily.(It) C. P. COOK & CO.BIS OF flllLLERSBORGMrs. Tom Vimont is among thesick.Mr. J. J. Peed remains about thesame.Born, to the wife of Mr. HenryBowling, a son.Mrs. Russell Mitchell and JohnShay are improving nicely.Mrs. John Leer will entertain witha six o'clock dinner this evening.The ladies of the Baptist churchwill have a cake sale at the ExchangeBank on Saturday.The Ladies Aid Society of theChristian church met with Mrs.Bowles, Wednesday afternoon.The Woman's Missionary Societyof the Methodist church met at thehome of Mrs. A. S. Best Tuesday afternoon. Mrs. J. Clarke Leer entertaineda number of her friends Saturday witha six o'clock dinner, after which rookwas enjoyed.Class No. 5 of the Christian,church will give a miscellaneousshower at the home of Mrs. A. S. Miller, Friday afternoon. A delightfullunch will be served.Mrs. Claude Vimont and sister,Miss Florence, entertained the rookclub at the home of the latter, Tuesday afternoon.Mrs. Frankie Collins, who wastaken to the Good Samaritan Hospital,in Lexington, Monday, was operatedon Tuesday, and is getting along verynicely.Mrs. C. M. Best entertained Wednesday afternoon with a reception inhonor of Miss Frieze, of New YorkCity, who is visiting her brother, Capt.Howard Freize, at the M. M. I., andMiss Belle Taylor Jud who is soonto be the bride of Mr. Albert M.Vaught, of Indianapolis, Ind.Rev. O. R. Mangum.Am I?" and it will be a lecture to menonly, under the auspices of the Y. M.C. A.This is the first of a series of addresses by the local pastor at meetings for men. Services begin promptly at 3 o'clock. Special music.DINING TABLES.SPRING FOOTWEAR.The dainty Parisian styles in smartpumps, tangos and English walkingeffects.Also, the Baby Dolls in all leathersand widths, now on display, at(27tf) FELD'S SHOE STORE.Thin of this beautiful diningroom tables at $4.75 up to $38.50 during our February and March sale.(27-tf) A. F. WHEELER & CO.MRS. STEWART TO LECTUREIN PARIS ON APRIL 16.At a meeting of representativesfrom the Paris Literary Club, the Progressive Culture Club and the Parliamentary Club held Monday afternoonat the court house, final preparationswere made for the lecture to be givenunder the management of those organizations by Mrs. Cora Wilson Stuart,the organizer of the "MoonlightSchool" in Rowan County. The lecture will be given Thursday eveningApril 16, at the court house, and theadmission will be 35 cents for adultsand 25 cents for school children. Theproceeds will be used by the StateFederation of Clubs under whose auspices Mrs. Stuart is making her lecture tour, towards defraying the expenses of the Rowan county teacherson a trip to Niagara Falls. Mrs. Stewart is a brilliant woman, a magneticspeaker and has already made nation-; al reputation. It is probable thatj the people of Paris will attend thislecture in large numbers, and giveMrs. Stuart an ovation.IWhere to GetPopular PricedS2$iOeaThe One Who Knows Invariably AnswersThere Where- ovee IIf all of those schemes which "Smooth' strangerscome around to peddle are such great "Money Makers" whydon't they KEEP them themselves?When a man is trying hard to sell you a propositionthere is something in it for HIM that's a sure thing.Is it not better for us all to keep our money here athome, invest in and build up OUR OWN Gommunity?The man who does this is properous.Make OUR bank YOUR bankWe pay 3 per cent, interest on Savings.rDEPOSIT BANK OF PARISCapita!, 3i00,000.00.J. M. M A.ll. PRESIOENrSurplus, $40,000.00.C. K. THOMAS.CXSHIERBREAKING INTO COURT HOUSE ITALIANS SETTLE DIFFERENCE1 BY DIVISION OF MONEYGeorge McVey, aQualityandrionestyReigns !Value-giving supremacy made possible by our practical purchases hasmade this store THE GREATEST BARGAIN STORE in this county.Bigger and Better than Ever Is Our Selection of Spring FineFootwear in AI8 Styles For Every Occasion, at theLowest PossifoSe Prices.Ladies' Patent Kid, Kidney Keel, SilkBraid around Vamps, in high shoeand pumps, $5.00 value at $3.49Ladies' Gun Metal, Louis Heel, newsmart last, in High Shoe and Oxford, $4.00 value atLadies' Todd's Tango, Satin, Louis' Heel and Patent Colonial Pumps,$4.00 value atLadies' Patent and Gun Metal, highand low heel, $3.50 value atLadies' Patent and Gun Metal in allstyles, $3.00 value atLadies' Gun Metal, button and lace,$2.00 values at2.992.992.491.991.49PfwriAr RrosL-A' JL WF ---- V-- -JL VfJ-Men's Tan Walk-Over, new Englishmodel, high snoe and Oxford 4.00Men's Tan Russia, Empire Style WalkOver 3.50Men's Tan Beacon, in all lasts, $4.00value at... .;. 3.50Men's Gun Metal, bench made, $4.00value at . 2.99Men's Gun Metal, button and lace, :$3.00 value at 1.99Boys' Gun Metal and Tan, button andand lace. $2.00 value at 3 .49hite man, giving ! T?offo-o:; -d -,,i tit- -:. -S$rSift jaud4,iSC TLlffi : -rsrin LorMonaon therJ un n-, n v a. Mciviman . complaint of Tonv Luciano, wereL ntV-Jr P10" J brought tc this city Tuesday morn-io? Botto and the Sisti woman leftv.," hriSu?2 ow JnK S - ?e.pMte Saturday, it was charged by Lu-ii v ull-J LaCtlDCI th? canto, taking with them more thau?rtJ nnf g Cf!ne hundred dollars, which he claimed" OlUL. J belonged tQ him At thg trial heM be.Iucey, together with James Wells I fore Judge Januarv Iondav morningand Joe Reynolds, were arrested in ' Luciano and his wife agreed to divideLexington Sunday and brought to Par-! the money, after paving the courtis. McVey broke into the court I costs, and the matter was settled,house, gaining entrance through a j Luciano and his wife conducted awindow in the office of Miss Mabel , boarding house on Third street, atRobbins, and forced his way into the ' which boarded a number of Italiansoffice cf Sheriff W. F. Talbott, where i engaged in the construction of a sewhe stole a revolver belonging to Dep-: er along Stoner avenue, and Bottouty Sheriff J. O. Marshall, and a pair j was among the number,of handcuffs. A knife taken from the a iaree number of Italians were inoffice was found on his person. The ( court, and it required the services ofI Tom Longo and another- Italian as in-revolver was recoveredWhen arraigned in court McVeyterpreters to settle the mixup. Botto and the woman left for Lexingtonas soon as ihe affair was ended.confessed to having broken into thecourt house, exoneiating the two menarrested as accomplices. A bulletwound inflicted by the pistol, whichwas accidentally discharged, in the J An American typewriter companyfinger of McVey and in the leg of has closed a contract with the unionWells, led to the arrest of the men. j government of South Africa and theWells and Reynolds were released i South African railways for the exclusfrom custody Saturday morning. I ive use of its machines.LENIHAIVS"Ih SoeciaSs!Ilnn nAn fl1 nil I'.4 11 IEIIUII 1 II III Vl'lllll. "-mm UU D II L) UU flfl lill !' - '. I K" I25 lb. sack H. & E. Sugar " $1:25(With a three dollar purchase)Large size can Tomatoes 10c3 cans Baby Bunton Corn .. - 252Pride of Illinois Corn.. 10cCracked Rice, per lb 05cFancy Head Rice, per lb . 10c2 cans Cu-Tu-No Red Salmon 35cPalm Brand Peas, ,per can 10cFox Lake Peas Per can 15cSugar Loaf Peas, per can 20cBulk Coffee, per lb-. v. 20cLANCASTER PRIDE FLOUR25-pound sack t, 80c50-pound sack ., .lT..r. ..... : .. $1.55100-pound sack ., ." 3.00 'Stone's Wrapped Cakes Received Eresh Daily.T. C. LEINIHAN.Cash Grocery. ,Both Phones 234IJj-