ymufs.Jmam M9 "jpwilt J " ? 'J 'J11 AS 4?-.-A; "r.THE!!-, .v U'.V-.'u"1 "PUBLISHED EVFRY TUESDAY AND. FRIDAY IN THE YEAR-.-yrfJ-VVOLUME XXXIIPARIS, KENTUCKY, TUESDAY, APRIL 21. 1914.SON SAYS U.S.Man Invested With FullPower by U. S. CongressCHDOL FAIR INPARIS HELD WITHri!351LIT TO DECLAREr"WE KNOW HOW"ft 'T.aMKWi" 81BOURBONNEWSI Ifjn Bt& . '&? V?Mk ffiMyCfj ME?" h. CttJvssirx: svvrcMUCHIntention Is Solely to HelpPeople of the SouthernRepublicLAYS THE CASEBEFORE CONGRESSGiven Power to Use ArmedForces of U. S. to EnforceDemand7HE MEXICAN SITUATION4O4The eyes of an entire nationwere turned on Washingtonyesterday, fully expecting adeclaration of war when President Wilson read a messageto Congress asking for powerto use the armed torce of theUnited States in Mexico. Inspite of the belief that thePresident would declare waragainst Mexico, following therefusal of Huerta to salute theAmerican flag by Sunday evening at 6 o'clock, the Nation'sExecutive made the brief statement that "there would be nowar."The new conditions proposed by Huerta regarding theapology for the offense committed esveral days ago whenblue jackets flying the American launch landed in Tampico for supplies, were arrested by Mexican soldiers and paraded through the streets,were not acceptable by theUnited States, consequentlybe was given a limited timeto comply witli the demandsof this country and fire a salute of twenty-one guns.President Wilson asserted yesterday that the issue wasbetween the United States andHuerta and the Mexican gov-ernment was not responsible.Whether it is the intention ofthe officials of this country toawait the arrival of the fleetwhich is steaming towardMexican waters, before making a direct step, is not known,but it is the evident intentionto seize the cities of VereCruz and Tampico. This, perhaps could be done withoutbloodshed and the seizure ofthe custom houses at bothports would mean the cuttingoff of a great portion of therevenue with which Huerta isnow carrying on the war.All of Washington is stirred over the talk of war anddaily papers isseded extras -everyhour yesterday. The situation is strained to a criticalpoint and very grave, according to dispatches, but the Presidentjdeclares he "has not lostpatience.President Woodrow Wilson.war.Mr. Wilson declared he did not wantwar, but justice, and that he did notconsider such acts of reprisal as areplanned, acts of war, but measuresshort of war and sustained by precedent. The President said that in realityhe was going to Congress on an occasion for which strictly speaking, itwas not necessary to obtain authoritybut that it was his desire to have thefull co-operation and thought and purpose of Congress.The President emphasized that hehad not lost his patience with Mexico,for to lose patience seemed to him anact of weakness on the part of a person strong enough to do as he ought,but that ne left such incidents as recent ones might go from bad to worseand eventually bring about a state ofconflict.COULD THIS BE TRUE?CHIHUAHUA, Mexico, April 20Generals Villa, and Carranza are conferring to-day with Don MiguelAcuia, Huerta's official representative, over plans for joint actionagainst the United States. Villa arrived here from Torreon on a specialtrain. This morning, Acuria, whocame from Juarez, joined Villa hereand a conference was arranged withGeneral Carranza. Jt is believed thatthe large quantities of ammunitionand arms now being rushed over fromthe United States are intended to beused by Federals and Constitutionalists in a joint resistance of invasionby United States troops.WASHINGTON, April 20. At 3 p.in. sharp, President Wilson deliveredhis address to Congress asking forapproval to "use the armed forces ofthe United States in such ways andto such an extci as rnay be neccesCALL FOR KENTUCKY TROOPSWASHINGTON, April 20. Thethree regiments of State militia constituting the Kentucky NationalGuard are to be immediately recruitedand equipped up to their full standard of efficiency and placed on a warfooting in the event of warwith Mexico. Captain E. L. D. Breckinridge, military inspector for the government,who is in Lexington, was sent a telegram early this morning by Assistant Secretary of War Henry S. Breckinridge stating that orders had beengiven for complete equipment forKentucky Brigade to be shipped to Ft.Thomas, Kyi., at once, from whichpoint it will be distributed to variousregiment headquarters.VLarge Crowd Attracted andm Exhibits Are PronouncedExcellenttMILLERSBURG WINSTWELVE PRIZESAddresses Made By WellKnown Educators Premiums AwardedSpring StylesS-w --. General Huerta"ull"t recogni: IlgnUy of thebary to obtain ?'and his adherenttion of the rightsUnited States."Just as soon as the .o-u sessionhad been dissolved thisrj lution wasintroduced in the House: "A jointresolution justifying the employmentof the armed forces of the UnitedStates in enforcing certain demandsagainst Victoriano Huerta."Resolved, by the Senate and Houseof Representatives in Congress assembled; That the President of theUnited States is justified in the employment of the armed forces of theUnited" States to enforce the demandsupon Victoriano Huerta for unequivocal amends to the Government ofthe United States for indignities committed against this government byGen. Hureta and his representatives."YOU MAY GET WAR CALLHere's a tip that may be ofinterest to you:In & war with Mexico, anyor all of 22,000,000 citizens, between the ages of 18 and 45,may be called for army serviceby the President.-He is authorized to draftthem under the Dick ' militialaw, which not only empowersthe President to cal 1 out theregularly organized State militia for service, either within orwithout the country, but alsoplaces what is known as the"reserve militia" at his command. Failure to obey this summons may be punished by acourt-martial, which shall fixpenalty.The penalty in time of warmay be death."NO WAR" SAYS WILSON.-rxT ouivnTnN Anril 20. President Wilson told the Washington correspondents to-day not to get the impression that the United States wasgoing to have war with Mexico.rle pointed out that under no circumstances win the United Statesfight the Mexican people; that it wastheir friend. ', fMr. Wilcon said he was going toCongress to tell of a special situationYmlTo ak approval of plans to meeta special situation.He declared the issue was only onebetween the United States and a manwho calls himself President of Mex-1CThe President said the intention ofthe United States was to help the people of Mexico and that he bad gottena feeling -of uneasiness whence foundSe4$W' fired with' enthusiasm forCOL PHIL CHINN MAKES ABUSINESS VISIT TO PARIS.Col. Phil Chinn, the well-knownMercer county horseman, was in PansSaturday on business. Col. Chinn recently returned from Mexico where hehad a string of horses at the Juareztrack and while here related severalstories of his experience while in therevolution ridden country. While inJuarez, Col. Chinn made the acquamatnee of General Villia, the leader ofH-.o vnlntionarv forces and becamevery intimate with him. He told astory of manner in which the banditgeneral dealt with offenders and ofhis efforts to rule with iron hand.At the time there were a large number of rebel soldiers in and aroundJuarez, and these frequently becameintmrinated. Strict orders were issued by Villa to the keepers of saloonsnot to sell' the soldiersThe Bourbon county school fairheld at the court house Friday attracted a large crowd, and the event was agreat success.The articles submitted by the pupilsof the various schools in the countywere attractively displayed in the office of the county superintendent, andwould have done credit to a State exhibit. Mrs. Cora Wilson Stewart,who was an interested visitor Fridaymorning, was greatly pleased and said.that she had seen no better exhibitanywhere.The Millersburj school, which isthe largest publfc school in the countyoutside of Paris, captured twelve firstand second prizes. After lunch atStout's the crowd assembled in theCircuit Court room for an entertain-;ing program. Miss Robbins presidedand introduced the speakers. Prof.Elliott, of Clintonville, gave the welcome address, and was followed, byMr. Eubank, editor of the SouthernSchool Journal; Dr. Terrell and Dr.Melcher, of State University, andProf. T. A. Hendricks, superintendentof the Paris Public Schools.The following is a list of the prizesawarded:Best Specimen of Freehand Drawing Dallas Poe, Clays Cross RoadsSchool, first; Millersburg, second.Best Map of North America EthelJones, Millersburg, first; ReynoldsBell, Clay's Cross Roads, secondBest Map of U. S . Christine Keller,Kiserton, first; Ruth Johnson, Millersburg, second.Best Set of Copy Books KisertonSchool, first.Best Set of Arithmetic PapersGeorge McLeod Centerville, first;Christine Keller, Kiserton, second.Best Set of Language PapersChristine Keller, Kiserton, first; Millie Gillispie, North Middietown, second.Best Composition on Care of TeethMillie Gilispie, North Middietown,first; Irene Ryles, Jacksonville, second.Best Made Apron. CentervilleSchool, first; Ruth Johnson, Millersburg, second.Best Made Waist CunningnamSchool, firs,t; Lena Cook, Millersburg,second.Best Made Dust Cap Louise McWhorters, Millersburg, first; LenaStewart, North Middietown, second.Best Specimen of EmbroideryCenterville School, first; Ruth Johnson, Millersburg, second.Best Specimen of HemstitchingCenterville School, first; Ruth Johnson, Millersburg, second.Best Specimen of CrochetingLouise McWhorters, Millersburg,Sadie Hudnall, second.Best Specimen of Tatting AurelCampbell, Mcllvaine School, first;Tarr School, second.Best Specimen of Knitting Clay'sCross Roads, first; Ethel Jones, Millersburg, second.Best Specimen of Beed Work Mamie Waconer, Spears Mill, first, BirdHynes, Spears Mill, second.Best Specimen of Paper Cutting byBoyTarr School, first; Will G. Michell, Millersburg, second.Best Specimen of Paper WeavingThelma Hill, Tarr School, first; Lillian Martin, Tarr School, second.Best Specimen of Reed and itatnaWork Walter Wells,, Spears Mill,first; Colville School, second.Best Specimen of Woodwark Arthur Christman, Ford's Mill, School,first; Hill School, second.Best Composition on Gardens andFlowers Jennie Rankin, Millersburg,first, Iiouise Wilcox; Ford's Mill, secend; Josephine Shawhan, Centerville,third.It will be noted from the abovelist of awards that quite a numberof prizes were awarded in the nameof the school from which the exhibitcame. This is due to the fact that!.In Men's Shoes. Are Now on Displayat Our Store.The Stetson, Korrect Shape and Mtichell & Blakemore Special Lineof Shoes are here in all styles, both in high cut and 'Oxfords Gun Metal, Tans and Patent Leathers, low cutOxfords in the new swagger English last, made with invisible eyelets, low, flat heel and sole. We have bothNstyles, with the rubber sole and heel and the leatherbottoms. There is none better made than the line ofShoes we carry and we want you to come to this storeand buy a pair of our Shoes.-iKorrect Shape, $4Stetson Shoes, $5 and $6Mitchell & Blakemore's Special, $5.Dr. Reed's Cushion Sole, $5 and $5.:iMitchell & Blakemore,The Store for Men's StylesParis, Kentucky99WSPECIAL SALEOFLad51 1 It 1 tIT -iies ana misses wooicn&U1TS AND DRESSESWoolen SuitscAU this season's styles. Madeof Crepes, Crepe Cords, Gaberdinesand Serges. All sizes.$35.00 Suits Now '..$24.7530.00 Suits Now. .... 23.7525.00 Suits Now 1 B.7S20.00 Suits Now 1 6.7515.00 Suits Now 11 -75No Marks ChangedEvery piece as originally markedand priced as above. Bring thisprice list with you.Now ShowingNew Moire and Poplin Silk Suits.Special Values atthe wont was sent in tne name 01 uie ; 4sp.hnnl. without the student's name be- Jing attached. Ibut later the violation of the orderbecame very flagrant, and a largenumber of his soldiers were found onthe streets in a drunken condition.By order of Villa the. soldiers werearrested and placed under gual'd. Theywere forced to tell where they obtained the intoxicants, which resulted inthe arrest of twenty-eight saloon keepers. These "were confined in prisonfor a few days and taken out and shot.Col. Chinn received an invitationfrom the rebel leader to attend theexecution, but declined to be a wit'intoxicants, ness.-WrBi?-Mk.vrvsm ! flrm 3Kie&vW 1Tj&1 m mWoolen DressesThis season's choicest models,mostly in . dark shades, black andchecks, Materials Eponges, Crepesand Serges.$18.00 Dresses Now $ 1 2.7515.00 Dresses Now ,. . 9.7512.50 Dresses Now 8.7510.00 Dresses Now 6.757.50 Dresses Now 5.00Every GarmentNew this season and desirable.To buy now . is wise; to delay- isfoolish.COME AND SEEJust ReceivedNewest ModelsCREPE WAISTSWASH WAISTSWASH SKIRTSWASH DRESSESSee Our Line of $5.00Trimmed HateKftK 5l CThe Store Where Reliability Reigns.Nadia, Calma and Rengo Belt CorsetsA- 'x4.-- ;!e,A!I k9. -r1 ' I "Mt7s'v-& ,V'- i-Tjt -SmiMii i i hi n i i m i iwMi in mm i - , , HWr-iV '-gpUfrBON NEWS, 7?ARff. KENTUCKY, J&&IL 21 J $142 r THEwi'liinRI J. 9I mm JmI 1II1 . ' I1 Keeping the Body in Repair-Mnitm iitfpAidsd thai therepairing and it would do so were it not for thefact that most of us live other than a natural life.iNaturc didn't intend Lhat we should wear corsets, tight collars orshoe "nor live in badly ventilated and draughty houses, nor eat anddrinksome of the things that we do, nor ride in street cars when we should walk.The consequence is tint the body when it gets out of order must look for outside help to make the necessary repairs.tv. tt-c; t ctnmpphr. nnd the indigestion or dvsneusia resuitine, and the multitudeI of diseases fcllowinr tnerefrom, no medicine can be more adaptable as a curative,-f , rTl PIERCE'S GOLDEN MEDICAL DISCOVERY.This fa-nous Doctor's prescription has been recommended for over 40 years,and is todav just as Dig a success. Restores a healthy appetite. Cleanses the blood.Strengthens the nerve. Regulates stomach and liver. Demand the original.Dr. Pierce's (Soidem' Medical DiscoverySold in Liquid or Tablet fSend 31 ono-cent fctamp? to rcy est of n ilinpr ovly on a free copy of Dr. Pierce's Cornman Sense Medical Adviser, 1WG patres, cluthbound Address Dr. Pierce, Buffalo, N. Y.Bit Paris Rome telephone ana Ztkmffl Cofes(Incorporated)J. J. VEATCK, District ManagerBourbon LaundryDWIS & FUNK, Props.Telephone No. 4.StZLBourbon Laundry,Paris Kentucky,Giln W.FUNERAL DIRECTOR ANDJBOTH'PtfONES DAAre You a Woman?m Carduilite Woman's TonicFM SALE AT ALLDRU66tSTSF4essional Cardssgjsa&JZi iss.'Si s,'S--sr'S--s-ga''S--a-g-g--S"a---a-a-a-a-a &.1 jP"lr Wm. Kenney,PARIS, KENTUCKY.Office 514 Main Street.Offipe .Phones H-omel3so - JE. T. 334.,ildence j Home 334.DXt. A. H KELIiEK,1 PBACTicrNG Physician,fimx, Booms 4 and 5, Elk's Bid g'i?ri - - Kentnck3J. WIIitilAMS,JLTTORNEY-AT-LAW.jOM 1vjaiks Bulldinc-bodu should do its ownorxn by Dealers in MedicinesHave You aHOME TELEPHONEOur Bourbon CountyBusiness is GrowingMore Rapidly ThanEver Before.Ask Your Neighbor About TheService, Then Let Us Figure With YouK. E. SPEARS, Commericai Manager'gt&4iSiWest 5 Street '4We Take Pleasure.in "oing up the finest shirtwaists or anything in thelaundry line. That is whaymade ihe Bourbon Laundrtfamous f o fine work and ifedever goes bnck on its reputation. If you are particularabout how your linen islaundered, your custom is thekind we want as we like toappreciateeinsDAVISLICENSED M BAUER.137; NIGHT 299.Coldsshould be "nipped in thebud", for if allowed to rununchecked, serious resultsmay follow. Numerous Kcases of consumption, pneumonia, and other fatal diseases, can be traced back toa cold. At the first sign of acold, protect yourself bythoroughly cleansing yoursystem with a few doses ofTHEDFOBO'SBLACKDRAUGHT the bid reliable, vegetableliver powder.Mr. unas. a. Kagiana, oMadison Heights, Ya., says:"I have Been using Thed-ford's Black-Draught forstomach troubles, indigestion. and colds, and find it tobe the very best medicine 1ever used. It makes an oldman feel like a young one."Insist on Thedford's, theoriginal and genuine. E-57The Bourbon NewsI Established 1881 32 Years of Con-tinouous Publication,SWIFT CHAMP, Editor and-Owner.(Entered at the Paris, Kentucky,Postoffice as Mail Matter of theSecond Class.)One Year $2.00 Six Months. $1.00Payable in Advance.Published Every Tuesday and FridayADVERTISING RATESDisplay Advertisements, $1.00 perinch for first time; 50 pents per incheach subsequent instertion.Reading Notices, 10 cents per lineeach issue; reading notices in blacktype, 20 cents per line, each issue.Cards of thanks, calls on candidates, obituaries and resolutions, andsimilar matter, 10 centb per line.Special rates for large advertisemnts and yearly contracts.The right of publisher is reservedto decline any advertisement or othermatter offered for publication.Space is a newspaper's stock intrade and source of revenue.FIRST VIRGINIANS WERENOT BLUE BLOODS.(Edward Alsworth. Ross, professor ofsociology, Univessity of Wisconsin,in the Century Magazine.)Cain prompted the peopling of Virginia, and that colony received itsshare of human chaff. The council ofVirginia early complained that "ithurteth to suffer parents to disburdenthemselves of lascivious sonnes, masters of bad sevants and wives of illhusbands, and so clogge of the English or Irish laboring class sold himself for a term into the tobacco fieldsin order to eomr wUln'h mnr.iiing opportunity; but we knew.the slums and allevs worn.raked for material 10 fatten the plantations. Hard-hearted men sold dependent kinsfolk to serve in the colonies. Kidnappers smuggled over boysand girls gathered from fh Ht00c neLondon and Bristol. About 1670, no-.,v K11U.U. a.u,uuu pciauus were spirited' from England in one year. Thegovernment was slow to strike at theinfamous traffic, for, as was urged inParliament, 'the plantations cannotbe maintained without a considerablenumber of white servants.' "Dr. Johnson deemed the Americans"a race of convicts," who "ought tobe content with anything we allowthem short of hanging." In the firstcentury of the colonies, gallows' birdswere often xgiven the option of servitude in the plantations." Some prayed to be hanged instead. In 1717 theBritish Government entered on thepolicy of general transportation andthenceforth discharged certain classesof felons upon the colonies until theRevolution made it necessary to shuntthe muddy stream to Botany Bay.New England happily escaped these"seven-year passengers," because shewould pay little for them and becauseshe had no tobacco to serve as aprofitable return cargo. It is estimated that between 1750 and 1770, 20,000British convicts were exported toMaryland alone, so that even theschoolmasters there were mostly ofthis stripe. The colonies bitterly resented such cargoes, but their selfprotective measures were regularlydisallowed by the home government.American scholars are becoming to accept the British estimate that about50,000 convicts were marketed on thisside.It is astonishing how quickly this"yellow streak" in the population faded. No doubt the worst, felons werepromptly hanged, so that those transported were such as excited the compassion of the court in an age thatrecognized nearly 300 capital offenses.Then, too, the bulk were probably theunfortunate, or the victims of bad surroundings, rather than born malefactors. Under the regenerative stimulus of opportunity, many persons reformed and become good citizens. Alike purification of sewage by freeland was later witnessed in Australia.The incorrigible, when they did" notslip bacfe to their old haunts, forsookthe tide-water belt to lead half-savagelives in the wilderness Here theyslew one another or were strung upby "regulators," so that they breedtheir kind less freely than the honest.Thus bad strains tended to run out,and in the making of our people thecriminals had no share correspondingto their original numbers. Blecdedwith the dregs from the rest of thepopulation, the convicts who werelazy and shiftless rather than criminal, became progenitors of the "poorwhites," "crackers" and "sandhillers"that Still cumber the nnorer lanife fiVio Hnufhorn innnlnnlilnnril.4.i WUULlllU XiJJO-iCHJHIrtllvJ.CHECK YOUR APRIL COUGH.Thawing frosts and April rainschill you to the very marrow; youcatch, cold head and lungs stuffedyou are feverish cough continuallyand feel miserable. You need Dr.King's New Discovery. It soothes inflamed and irritated throat and? lungs,stops cough, your head clears up, fever leaves, and you. feel fine. Mr. J.T. Davis, of Stickney Corner, Me.,was cured of a dreadful cough after adoctor's treatment and all other remedies failed. Relief or money back.Pleasant children like it. Get a bottle today. 50c. and $1.00 at yourdruggist.Bucklen's Arnica Salve for all sores.(April) - (a(jv)T. HART TALBOTT TOBE RACING STEWARDChairman Milton . Youne. of thoState Racing Commission, Tuesdayannounced that he had, under the authority given Mm at the meeting othe commission on March 20, appointed Commissioner Thomas Hart Talbott, of Paris, steward to representthe association at the spring racemeetings at Lexington, CkurchillDowns, Douglas Park and Latoaia.JUST IN TIMESome ParisPeople May Wait TillIs Too Late. 7ItDon't wait until too late.Be sure to be in time.Just in time with kidney ills.Means curing " the backache,thedizziness, the urinary disordersThat so often come with kidneytroubles.Doan's Kidney Pills are for thisvery purpose.Here is testimony to prove theirmerit.Mrs. B. F. Ball, 718 Lancaster St.,Lexington, Ky., says: "One of ourfamily was sick for three monthsfrom kidney trouble and. a lame back.He had sharp pains in his back andwas so lame and sore that he couldnot turn in bed without help. Hislimbs ached night and day and theyswelled badly. His head ached andhe often got dizzy. He was irritableand had trouble from irregular passages of the kidney secretions. If thesecretions stood a little while therewas a dark sediment deposited. Hedoctored and tried all kinds of kidneyremedies, but nothing helped him until he used Doan's Kidney Pills. Threeboxes drove all the trouble away." ,Price 50 cents at all dealers. Don'tsimply ask for a kidney remedy getDoan's Kidney Pills the same thatMtf.s. Ball; recommends. Foster-Mil-burnCo., Props., Buffalo, New York.(adv)The amalgamation of the Nigerias",British West Africa, took place onJanuary 1, 1911, uniting about 18,000,000 of the more advanced andprogressive natives of the continentwith a rich territory of quite 330,000square miles. There are within thisterritory a number of ancient, wellbuilt walled towns, some having asmany as 200,000 and 300,000 inhabitants. "TJZ" EASES TIRED,SORE, SWOLLEN FEETJust take your shoes off and' thenput those veary, shoe-crinkled, aching, burning, corn-pestered, buniontortured feet of yours in a "TIZ" bath.Your toes willwriggle with joy;they'll look upt f TrMi nnrl nlV -; , tti:muou luiiv aiiuthen they'lltake anotherdive in that"TIZ" bath.When yourfeet feel alltired out justtry "TIZ." It'sgrand Your feet will dance with joy;no more pain in corns, callouses andbunions. There's nothing like "TIZ."It's the only remedy that draws outall the poisonous exndatfons whichpuff up your feet and cause foot torture. Get a 25 cent box of "TIZ" at anydrug or department store don't wait.Ah! how glad your feet getr how comfortable your shoes feel. You canwear shoes a size smaller ff you desire. (No. 3-fri)It. C. Minnix is also to be tried on acharge in conection with the killingof Patrick.Belgium, exports ?5,700,000 worth ofplate glass yearly.One Lone GermBreeds MillionsA stre or cut Iefci thoperms under the skin.If you don't stop its(breeding there will bemillions in a few days.Stop the Breeding With DR. BELL'SbiiiseBiicSalveIt stops tho breeding at one. It lceps away allother (terms it sonthes and heals as sure asyou us3 it. A 25c. box will prevent hundredsof doUzx3 of trouble.'Tell It By Tho BcJI"or &aieAH Druggists.Strayed or Stolen.Sorrel mare from Paris, Ky., onenight last week. Right Mnd footswollen and foremane clipped. Themare was purchased from Bob' Morris,of near Cynthiana and may havestrayed to the locality from which shecame. Liberal reward for her returntoMABEL JOSEPH,7-3t Paris, Ky.&tIGasi irittmg!Plumbing and Elecri-cal Work in AllTheir BranchesMasda (Tungston) LampsStoves, Rangesand Appliances.Spicer &!:Gilchrist, 1Elks' BuildingE.E. Phone, 103Home Phone, 101:4itt$ $II.W! m" jk TdSI fi If AUKfilli i- IktI'rv is.are dependentyTheir health as men and women is largelyestablished in childhood.If your child is languid, bloodless, tired when rising, with,out ambition or rosy cheeks, Scott's Emulsion is a wonderfulhelp. It possesses nature's grandest body-building fats ssP(yidelicately predigested that the blood absorbs its strengthand carries it to every organ and tissue and fibre.First it increases their appetite, then it adds flesh strengthensthe bones makes them sturdy, active and healthy.No alcohol or narcotic in Scott's Emulsion, jist Prky and strenftLm--vmimm-iTanrNew Year's3Thoughtful consumers of FUEL will re- .solv to obtain ths fito hestef ficiencv for thetr w,9 yH money during the yearw that they will useox SzeclcpG Coaly"THE FUELWITHOUT A FAULT."ilodsort 3 DeotonThe Home of Good CoalYards, South Main St Both Phones'tO(fe:s2S3(33SQEaScSSi3y-sExecutor's Notice.All persons having claims againstthe estate of Mrs. Julia Doyle, deceased, are requestec to present sameproperly proven according to law tothe undersigned for payment. Thoseknowing themselves indebted to saidestate will please call aund settle.FRANK SULLIVAN,Executor of the Estate of Mrs. JuliaDoyle, Deceased.(24-lmo.)lew BarbershopWindsor Hotel.Modern Equipment.Polite Service.Everything Sanitary.Children's Work a Specialty.CARL CRAWFORD$INSURANCE. AGAINSTf IRE, WINDandLIGHTENINGW. 0. HINT0N,AGENT.For Ol'd. Strong, Reliable,Prompt-Pkying Companies, seeme.H. M. HamiltonVeterinarianOffice, Butter's Drug Store Phones261.Residence, E. T. 546; Home, 449.Paris, Ky.(10feb-2mo)l Spruce UpNow is the time to haveyour wearing" apparel cleaned and put in order1 forSpring.We Do the WorkRight.Comparison will affordyou an opportunity tojudge.Give Us a Trial.ELECTRIC1 DRY GLEANIG GO.Ckhal 4 Applejite, Props. s627 Main St, Paris, Ky.)All Growing Childrenon nourishment for growth.13-79Resolutionsf - -- fto come. This meansOUR BEST OFFER!The Biggest .Combination Bargain ofStandard Publications EverOfferedHERE IS THE OFFER:The Bourbon News,l year, $2.GcThe Weekly Enquirer, 1 year, $i.0tFarm and Fireside, semi-monthly, 1year, .50 cents.Household Journal and Floral Life,monthly, 1 year, .50 cents.Poultry Husbandry, monthly, 1year, .50 cents.To-Day's Magazine, monthly, 1year, J50 cents.Our Special Bargain Price forall Six, Each One Year, $2.75.We consider this the biggest andbest bargain we have ever been ableto offer onr readers. Our own publication heads the list. The other fivehave millions of readers and are toowell-known to need a further introduction. Please remember that our contractwith the publishers is limited andthis offer may be withdrawn at anytime. Take abvantage now while theopportunity is yours and you will notregret the investment. If you arealready a subscriber to any of theabove your subscription will be extended one year from the time it expires. Call or mail orders toTHE BOURBON NEWS,Paris, Ky.PILES! PILES! PILES!WILLIAMS' INDIAN PILE OINTMEP"Will cure Blind, Bleedincr and Itching PitIt absorbs the tumors, allay, itching at onacts as a- poultice, gives instant relief.For sale by all druprgists, mail 50c and 81WILt&AMS MFG. CO., Props., C?e efand, 01L. Oberdorfer, Druggist, Paris, Ky.per 7ML01S!GGDL $i,oo to $ioo oooW. KING & SON,512 Cheaosldc. Icxincton. Kv'CANCER CUREDI guarantee every case I undertake; 20 years practice; reference, any citizen of Paris.DR. WM. R. SMITH,Paris, Ky.ONEPOPf B0URI0N POULTRY ClAEdown a chick's throat curesgapes, A few drops in thedrinking water cures and.prevents cholera, diarrhoeaand other chick diseases. One60c bottle makes 12 gallons ofmedicine At all druggists.Sample and booklet on "Diseases ot jtowis" sent .fkjcBFor Sale by W. T. Brtoks.'V1,fcYKKT.AV-v viV"7- 1i'1,T'f-'the; bourdon news, Paris KEyrocky,. fi&fc 21, IJ14-1 v !'fV-fei CK9CHMP9ift?rs Odorless Cleaning Co. tLet us Make that Last Winter's Suit or OvercoatLook Like New.You will be surprised when we send your clothes home,and will wonder why you have not tried us before.All Work Guaranteed SatisfactoryMen's and Ladies7 Panama and Straw Hats Cleaned andReblocked.to your satisfaction.We Call Tor and Deliver Work.Call up E. T. Phone 40.Paris Odorless Cleaning Co., Sam Levy, Proprietor.White Kid Gloves Cleaned, short, 10c; long 2oc.(RSsse&$i?aHaHaMMnfS9botk jwwcy.'J "--Fare$30DAILY BETWEENClevelanduffalomwbii' tfmshuiiJi iLi J3Mu;.tTntjj pmzjsM1 Mil ii itf LVMNfeft4aJ.. -. ivjinantjbt sirTHE GREAT SHIP "SEEANDBEE"I Length 500 feet; breadth 98 feet, 6 inches; 510 staterooms and parlors accommodating 1500 paMexi-inland v aters of the v orld. In service J une 15th.Magnificent Steamer "SEEANDBEE," "City of Erie" and "City of Buffalo"Daily CLEVELAND and BUFFALO May 1st to Dec 1stLcaie Cleveland . - 8.00 1. M. iave iiuuaio - :uu Jr. m.Arrive Euflalo - - 6:30 A.M. Arm e Cleveland 6:30 A.M.(Central Standard Time)! Connections at Buffalo for Niagara Falls and all Eastern and Canadian Points. Railroad ticketsreading between Cleveland and Buffalo are good for transportation on our steamers. Ask.your ticket agent for tickets ia u. iz IS. i-ine. write ue lor nanatome uiu&iraieu uouuui rc.THE CLEVELAND & BUFFALO TRANSIT CO., Cleveland, O.April Announcement!Twin Bros.Department StoreCheerfully wish to haveyou inspect their splendid stock of Ladies7Spring Suits, Coats,Skirts, Waists, Dresses,Shoes, Millinery, Gloves,Corsets, Muslin Underwear, etc.Also beautiful assortment of Drygoods, Silks,Dressgoods, Laces, Hamburgs, etc. We are soleagents for the celebratedW. B. Corsets, and famous Bon Ton Corsets,Dents' celebrated Ladies7Gloves. The .popularPictorial Patterns',- wy;va':'.rj5s&KSiNDLY CALL ATWill Blui. 116paiinpi 510(6.Seventh and Main Sts., Paris, Ky.MMMIBagaK ssMsHMsMMaaaaBiBaaBaaaHBaBaBaiaaaaBBaHBMBaaaasisssMssBaBiBiBaC'5APostalBringsThisBookIt is free it tells how you can havelocal and long distance telephone service in your home at very small cost.Send for it today. ' Write nearest Bell Telephone Manager, orFARMERS' LINE DEPARTMENTCumberland Telephoneand Telegraph CompanyINCORPORATED.?122-SOUTH PRYORSTRE T. ATLANTA. GEORGIA.AMErtlCAJN'TOWACCOIMDUSTRY1 HIGHLY SPECIALIZED.WASHINGTON, D. C, April 13.Each important tobacco district of theUnited States produces a type of tobacco for special purposes of manufacture or export. The methods ofgrowing and handling a crop mustvary according to the type of leaf desired, and therefore according to theparticular districts where it. is errnwnThe U. S. Department of Agriculture,uaa juat issueu a Dunetin on "TobaccoCulture," which recommends methodsfor the production of various American types.The bulletin emphasizes the factthat overproduction in a constantmenace in all the established centersof tobacco growing and that the development of the industry in new sections on a large scale is hardly advisable at present. Another reasonwhy tobacco culture in untried spp.tions may result in failure is that theJiea,i. produced will not be quite rightm type, and therefore it will not finda satisfactory market.The commercial value of tobacco isinfluenced to a greater degree by particular soil and climatic conditionsthan is that of almost any other important crop. This has caused the industry to become highly specializedand the trade looks regularly to welldefined areas for the various types ofleaf it requires.As tobacco grows readily over solarge an area it is strange that manyfarmers experiment with it and oftensecure seeming success. That is, theplants grow readily but when it comestime to sell the crop the farmer canfind no market."I have grown five acres of tobacco"a farmer writes from a district wheretobacco is not grown for the commercial trade. "But there seems to be nomarket. Can the Department of Agriculture help me?"The Department can only advisethis farmer that conditions are suchthat even though hs product appearto be of good quality he will probablybe unable to market it, as the tradedoes not recognize his section as atobacco-producing area. Here wehave the difference emphasized between tobacco and a crop like cornfor which a market may readily befound no matter where it is grown ifthe quality is good.There are three general classes oftobacco described in the new bulletin: (1) Cigar tobaccos.(2) Export tobaccos.(3) Manufacturing tobaccos.By manufacturing tobaccos aremeant all types used in manufactureother than cigars. The manufaocturing and export classes, however, havemuch in1 common as regards culturalmethods, and some types are used formanufacturing and for export; therefore these two classes are consideredtogether as distinguished from the cigar tobaccos.Each of these three classes of tobacco may be subdivided into types,depending on their special uses, methods of growing and curing, or on thevariety of seed used. In the case ofcigar tobaccos there are three principal types, corresponding to the threeparts of the cigar wrapper leaf, binder leaf, and filler leaf. In the manufacturing and export tobaccos aresuch types as 'the flue-curedl Virginiasun-cured, White Burley, dark firecured, etc. These various types areproduced on certain special types ofsoil and according to definite methodsof growing, curing and handling thecrop. In some cases the variety ofseed used is also an important factor.The special uses of the principaltype embraced in the three fundamental classes of tobacco are brought outin connection with the cultural 'directions for the more important types.A typical district for the culture ofcigar tobacco is the Connecticut valley. The new bulletin outlines brieflythe best cultural methods for this region. Detailed instructions are givenon care of the seed bed, preparing andfertilizing the land, transplanting andcultivating and harvesting.The export and manufacturingtypes of tobacco are grown mainly inKentucky, Maryland, North Carolina,Virginia, Tennessee, West Virginia,Southern Ohio and Southeastern Indiana. Best methods for the cultureof the various types are explained inthe new bulletin.One of the most troublesome andexpensive features of tobacco culture,particularly in the Southern districts,is the control of numerous insects,which if not combatted would oftentimes completely destroy the commercial value of the crop. Among theimportant insects attacking the tobacco plant may be mentioned the tobacco flea-bettle, the ' tobacco ."wireworm,"' cutworm, the hornworm, or"green worms," are usually the mostaoti active.For detailed information regardinginsects attacking tobacco and methods of combatting them the reader isL referred to Farmers' Bulletin 120, enI titled "The Principal Insects Affecting tne to Da ceo .riant. The newbulletin "Tobacco Culture" is Farmers' Bulletin 571, and either of thesepublications may be obtained free byapplication to the U. S. Departmentof Agriculture, Washington, D. C.Vs&g&2&!&Ift?;t...... v.j.j Ttzzamm? TflHiiVV-!':;WV' "11I 1MmummskaParis, Wednesday, Xpril 2&DBIN5DN5FHDusgHOWSj WhenI Buying IBaking JI Powder 1I For this is theM I baking powder mthat makes "thebaking better." 1It leavens the pI food evenly 1m throughout; puffs 5it up to airy light- UM ness, makes it de-lightfully appetizing mand wholesome.' Remember CalumetJ is moderate iu price, "jhighest in quality. mI Ask your grocer for mCalumet. Don't take asubstitute. ttReceived HighestT Awards 5World's Pure' Fool Exposition,ICkicago, Illinois, Parity Expotitioa,France, March, 1912.i 1m r?nun :-. ., .;-.: n untYOUR P$k'MSfE'RAND 0WWm iFATHER ViWrfiM FVFRqiw4f IVJaBMEfe - I LI Lif unitOnly Big Show Here This YearROBINSON'S FAMOUS SHOWSBKv.JW3&ISHraw&&HNE73wSfeMBMPK6mHMBBHBBH JS:.xj&?ft.?4-3B!lX&&rKiBlBHlISMtfVVVSS M ..- u-mmaMi; aKsn. .- jiimjMJTaa... .-m.j n.-j'aii'i.SCHTCAGOC PsMAsJ&asMSMr- THF iTMiiPVFl fl!IS FHIWC II To Am't sare oney wlen yoa tardea or fcc-cas II 1 llV f 11 illv I -L J V U J Mj W WW I VJbaking powder. Don t be HuiIed. Bty Calnaet. It's IS W Jmttm JiSr jSs ML pr 'I sore economical aore wholesome sires best results. I . ,Icaln.etisfarsnpenVtoT nanasoda. JJ TH R EE 0 F TH E M 0ST TH R HI I N G, jCOUGH MEDICINE FOR CHILDRENToo much care cannot be exercisedin selecting a cough medicine forchildren. It should be pleasant totake, contain no harmful substance,and be most effectual. Chamberlain'sCough Remedy meets these requirements and is a favorite with the mothers of young children everywhere.For sale by all dealers.(April) (adv)Grand Free Street Parade at 10 a. m-i'Asia, which is the largest of the continents, has an estimated area of 17,057.66G square miles.FIRST CLASS SERVICE ATFREEMAN'S BARBER SHOP.Having engaged the service of LouisLivers, an experienced barber, I amnow prepared to handle my trade andI give the most thorough satisfaction.Give me a call and be convinced.BUCK FREEMAN.ap i3jThe average rounder doesn't carehow dirty his collar is as long as hehas a roll in his pocket. But the minute he goes broke he begins to worryabout his front.When a man says he would die for ja, gin uiiu men marries uer lie uoesn 1 1mean that she should buy an automat- Iic and set up a target range in the jcellar.STRENGTHENS WEAKAND TIRED WOMEN."I was under a great strain nursinga relative through three months' illness," wntes Mrs. J. C. Van De Sande,of Kirkland, 111., "and Electric Bitterskept me from breaking down. I willnever be without it." Do you feeltired and worn out? No appetite andfood won't digest? It isn't the springweather.' You need Electric Bitters.Start a- month's treatment today;nothing better for stomach, liver andkidneys. The great spring tonic.Relief or money back. 50c. and $1.00at your druggist.(April)Never roast your fool friends. Theyare the "only ones who will lend youany money.The wise man does his duty and letsthe other fellow do the explaining.SPRING LAXATIVEAND BLOOD CLEANSER.AND BLOOD CLEANSERoftFlush out the accumulated wasteand poisons of the winter months;cleans your stomach, liver and kidney's of all impurities. Take Dr.King's New'Life Pills; nothing betterfor purifying the blood. Mild, non.griping laxative. Cures constipation;makes you feel fine. Take no other.I 25c. at your, druggist.Buckley's Arnica Salve for all Tiurts.H April)-;-(adyj),Of all interpretations of variousroles last season in New York City,none received higher commendationthan that of Madame Nazimova forher portrayal of "Mrs. Chepstow," in'James Bernard Fagan's adaptation of"Bella Donna.'.' In the delineation ofthis somewhat unpleasant heroine bythe distinguished Russian actress shehas scored a positive triumph. Chas.Frohman has made an elaborate andhandsome production for "Bella Donna," With her .New York company ofcapable players, Nazimoya comes totne Lexington Opera House Thursdaylaciv)mmEm-fi smww&ZBKsa -TREESStrawberry PlantsApril 16Fruit and Shade Trees,Shrubs, Asparagus, GrapeVines, Rhubarb, Peonies,Phlox, Seed Potatoes, etc.Everything - lor Orchard,Lawn and Garden.Free Catalog No AgentsIt F. Hillenmeyer & Sons,Lexington, KyNurserymen Since 184120feb2mo)FOR RENT.Two rooms on third floor of Agricultural Bank Building. Heat andwater furnished.(17-tf)'" " 'THINGS TO WORRY ABOUT.First Popular Price Excursion of the Season -ToCincinnati and RetinSunday, April 26, m,$1.50 .for the Round TripsSpecial train leaves Paris, Ky;, 8:20returninga. m.leoves.- Cincinnati.Fourth Street Station 7:00;p: 'm;?,FW..further information-'calTon-Artificiaklimbs were used in Egypt"2,614, years -ago.W. H. HARRIS, Afjnt:-'v" T SMTH' t-a.j.V 'I- I. jf'ci y r v."-Vu'W.. t:'it - '9l?tf:vXV.-V l ri' '54i -J,,.HhiJrTKn.54i ABW1J -,-Vx (It VVM1!I!c? TT?ej,'1II;.r.rVv ,.THE BOURBON XNEWS, PARISr, -.KY:, APRIL 21, 1914xT.HE Lace Front Corset hasnow come to its own itsspecial features make forexceptional comfort in any position, at the same time affordingthe figure a natural and neededsupport because it is constructedon correct hygienic principles.The best material, regardless ofcost, has always been used inthese corsets workmanship isexquisite you will find theCalma Lace Front Corset the leaderin shops that make a specialtyof pleasing their customers.Prices $2.00 and $3.00On Sale atFRANK & CO.mII 1IV 1V'111IlJBiWBlSfll-'V .?,.- jm& mv Dfjrjf.Tffrmr rmVJ Mrw? Hfz&w v mibv kml liiMRvP&CDJEWT MAM1DOES NOTreusr TOLUCKP(TS MSMONTY IN OURBANKIHEATRICALAlamo Theatre.At tlie Alamo to-day the featureoffering will be "Soldiers of Fortune," a picture production of Richardyarding Davis' story of that name,with Dustin Farnum in the leadingrole. The story is produced in sixreels, having 285 thrilling scenes.The story is one familiar to all followers of high class literature, and istold in pictures upon the largest scaleever attempted by the producers ofmotion pictures.Columbia Theatre.To-Day Our Mutual Girl, FifthReel The incident of the wildest interest, probably, in the fifth chapterof the Mutual Girl series, is her meeting with Mr. Andrew Carnegie."An Unfair Exchange" It is alwaysa question "as to just what a child willtake it into his or her head to do atany particular moment. One is neverquite sure as to their point of view,,even though we watch them day afterday and try to fathom their processof reasoning."An Unfair Exchange" deals withthe action of a little girl of the tenements abused by a brutal father until she decides to run away when theopportunity presents itself, to changeplaces with another girl of her ownage who closely resembles her and inherits a life of luxury."The Thief Catcher," comedy reel.Wednesday, April 22, will be presented "Joseph in the Land of Egypt"a historical Mutual special in fourreels. A Biblical Thanhouser featuring James Cruse and Margarite Snow.STRAUSErJRG SWEET POTATOESWe have some new sweet potatoes.It C. P. COOK &C0.LEXINGTON PAPER EXTENDSCOMPLIMENT TO J.Q.WARDDEATHSHUTCHISON.After an illness of several monthsof Bright's disease, Mr. John Hutchison, aged 51 years, died at the MassieMenorial Hospital, Friday morning, at5 o'clock.Mr. Hutchison lived on Scott avenue, and was an employe at the Louisville and Nashville freight depot.He was an industrious man, faithfulto his duties, and liked by all whoknew him. He was seriously ill several weeks ago, at the hospital, but became better and was removed to hishome. Growing worse he returned tothe hospital about a week ago, wherehe steadily grew weaker and died after intense- suffering. He is survivedby his wife and five children, whohave the sympathy of the communityin their bereavement. The burialtook place yesterday afternoon at 2o'clock, in the Paris cemetery, the services at the grave being conducted bythe Rev. Dr. B. M. Shive.LOVELL.Little Herbert Lovell, aged eighteen months, was buried in the Pariscemetery Sunday afternoon, at 2o'clock, the body having been broughtfrom Lexington, where the baby diedat the home of its parents, Mr. andMrs. Herbert Lovell, who formerly resided near Paris. The little one wasa grandson of Mr. and Mrs. M. B. Lovell, who reside near this city, on theHume & Bedford pike, and was agreat pet with them. His death wasunusually sad and much sympathy isfelt for the bereaved family.MMMM,,,,- -gMMtilWTTTTTTTWolf. Wile S Co.o . Formerly Kaufman, Straus & Co.Lexington,XKentuckyI Lace Curtains andHouse DraperiesSUBSCRIPTION REACH $4,000FOR NICHOLAS MODEL ROAD.QX-ffrSi:'The GAREFUL man the man who takes no longchances is. the one who will win out over the man who goesblindly into things and trusts to 'kluck." Nothing can stopthe success of a man who keeps sober, works hard and regularly BANKS a part of his income from his labor or hisbusiness. Is it no better to have your money and keep your"balance GROWING than to trust to DANGEROUS "luck?"Make OUR bank YOUR bankWe pay 3 per cent, interest on Savings.DEPOSIT BANK OF PARISCapita!, $i00,000.00.J. M. HAUL. Presides! rSurplus, $40,000.00.C. K. THOMAS. CashierFREE-ONE WEEK ONLY!ONE 4-021. BOTTLE SANI-GENICPOLISH WITH EACH SAN I-, - GENIC POLISH MOP.'SELF ADJUSTINGHANDLE"K. u&nim r S SSEE THAT X j sS. f99ITS A CRACKER -JACK.Mokes it easy to clean and polish your floorswoodwork and furniture. Reaches the hard-to-et-atplaces.',;,. A. DAUGHERTY,HIGH-GRADE HOUSE PAINTING.fBoth Phones 23 1 . -. Fifth and Main StreetsEditorially the Lexington Leader ofSunday says:' "Every man, woman and child inKentucky who is in love with life andfond of 'God's great out-of-doors,' owesan eternal debt of gratitude to J. Quincy Ward, of Bourbon county."He who multiplies the fishes in thestreams, the birds in the woods andthe deer in the forests is as great abenefactor of his race as the man whomakes 'two blades of grass growwhere only one blade grew before.'"With Mr. Ward this is surely a labor of love, for certainly there is nomoney and less joy in struggling withthe obstacles which have beset hispathway since he first entered uponthe ttfsk of making the rivers and thefields of old Kentucky once more adelight to all lovers of nature."And in protecting the fish and thegame from the murderous assaults ofthe pot hunter, no less than in thewo.rk of replenishing the supply, hasMr. Ward and his county wardens increased the debt of gratitude restingupon the genuine sportsman."There is no land on earth more favorable than Kentucky to the propagation of fish and game. Most of thecreeks and rivers ramble alongthrough limestone hills and over gravelly beds and sandy bars, with hereand tllere 'ledges' and 'pot holes' and'riffles,' amid which the small-mouthblack bass 'inch for inch the gamestthing that moves' delights to chaseits prey. Then there are mountainsand forests and thickets and fieldswhere deer and quail and pheasantshould grow and increase free frommolestation except during the legalopen season."Mr. Ward knows what these thingsmean to men 'who, in the love of nature, hold communion with her visibleform,' for he, too, has spent many aday whipping the Cumberland in andabout 'Shad Shoals' and 'Punkin Holler,' and 'the gill-net hole,' striking arascally bass here, stopping there to jlisten to the notes of a vagrant woodthrush, and halting now and then tofeast his eyes upon the wild riot ofpurple and green and gold, with whichthe artist, Nature, in spilling her storeof autumn coloring, has decorated thelimestone hills."And there are two-legged brutes inthe world who, but for such gentle andyet courageous souls as Quincy Ward,would desecrate scenes like this withdynamite and net and trap!"Long life and health, good SirQuincy; and when at last the summons comes for you to join the silentarmy of the departed anglers mayold Izaak himself meet you at the portals of Paradise and pray the Almighty that the few small sins whichall fishermen, under due provocation,commit now and then, may not be remembered against you!"A campaign is being pushed inNicholas county to raise by popularsubscription $10,000 to be used in rebuilding the turnpike from Moorefieldto Millersburg via Carlisle. Over $4,OOOwas raised in Carlisle and it is be"lievedv that' the people residing alongthe proposed model road will donatethe balance of the money needed.The county has agreed to appropriate$10,000 for this road in the event themoney is raised.The passing of Easter ushers in the Season of Springthe rejuvenating of nature which inspires us with the Jspirit of renewing and remodeling our Home Environment, tVT 1 T 11 j, TTT. T -i-v , , ZfiNewiy papereu rooms can ior wmaow urapery, wnether 5it be -Lace Curtains or the more pretentious Damask Cur-tains, or perhaps a combination of both Lace with sunfast toverdrapes, sideropes, variances is a matter for you andthe expert draper to decide upon. We are at your servicewith our advice as well as our stock ofHouse DrapingsCATHOLIC LADIES TO ENTER-TERTAIN WITH A EUCHRE.The Catholic ladies will entertainwith a euchre at the school hall tonight. The occasion will be one ofgreat pleasure and a repetition of theevents which have been given by theladies during the .past few months. Acordial invitation is extended all to attend.U. D. C. CHAPTER HOLDSREGULAR MONTHLY MEETINGCOLONIAL COMPANY ISSUESNOTICE TO THE PUBLIC.The April meeting of the RichardHawes Chapter, U. D. C, was heldSaturday at the Confederate room inthe court house, with Mrs. Milliam G.Talbott presiding. A very interestingprogram was rendered, consisting ofa paper on General P. T. Beauregard,by Mrs. Charles Goldstein, and one onGeneral Jubal Anderson Early, byMrs. J. D. Burnaugh, followed by anumber of anecdotes regarding Geneial Early, read by Mrs. J. T. Vansant. An offering was taken for thebenefit of the Bureaugard monument'to be erected at Mayfield, Ky. TheChapter voted to send a contributiontoward the equestrian statue of General Stonewall Jackson, at Richmond,Va., the same to be sent by the firstof May, and as a memorial to ColonelGeorge M. Edgar, who was a comradeof General Jackson.Mrs. R. J. Neely reported $30 realized from the sale recently conductedby the Daughters, and alsc- mentionedsome beautiful articles which werecontributed to the sale by Mrs. JohnA. Hanly and Mrs. Sarah ShortBarnes, of Kansas City, daughters ofMrs. Sarah Short, who was a devotedmember of the Richard Hawes. Chapter. Mrs. H. H. Hancock and daughter,Miss Frances, Mrs. Thomas McDonald and Mrs. Russell Mann are planning to go to the Confederate reunionat Jacksonville, Pla. The meetingwas followed by a social hour, duringwhich Mrs. C. C. Leer and Miss Carroll Leer, hostesses, assisted by MissFrances Clarke, served delicious icecream and cake. The May meetingwill be a children's meeting under thedirectino of Mrs. Russell Mann.Specialties in Marquisettes and Scrims at attractiveprices. Novelties in cretonnes from 15c a yard up. Up-X holstery materials in the greatest variety and at lowestt prices. Lace edges and Guimps of every style and toX match all materials; 3,000 yards of 40-inch wide Scrim inX white and cream at 12 l-2c a yard. This article comparesX favorably with the usual 25c quality. New willow f urni-i ture pieces and new lamps continually received.J Call for our booklet entitled ''Draping the Home.,,WolfWile&CoAjftormerly Jfaufmanj Straus dc Co.exington, TSLy,f999f9Bmm99(i Mme. Schumann-HeinkPark AuditoriumLexington, Ky.Friday EveningWoodlanSCHUMAN-HEINK CONCERTAT WOODLAND PARKHE KNEW."Could there be any thing in the"world worse than whisky?" demanded.the prohibition orator."Yes," replied the man in the backof the hall.yThen. what is it?" asked the orator.j'No whisky," replied the man.When & man imagines a girl hasbcojkn his heart he always hunts up,staother girl who is pinning a repairLUKE McLUKE SAYS.(Cincinnati Enquirer.)The old-fashioned woman who usedto burn her arms fixing up boiled dinners, now has a daughter who bruisesher fingers opening canned goodsevery day.The very newest skirt has a lot ofding-bats and dornicks sewed on tothe hip's. 1 am for the new' stunt. Itgives the corn-fed effect and saves alot of valuable-'excelsior.. ' AThe Colonial Amusement Companywishes to offer an apology for the failure of "The Three Keatons" and "PaulLaCroix and Company," to appear'and put on their act at the vaudevilleperformance last Thursday evening.The management had a contractwith the Ben Ali Theatre managersfor seven acts of Keith Vaudeville toappear m irans last rnursaay eveningjust the same as they were to performin the Ben Ali Theatre Lexington.At the last minute the "Three Keatons" refused to work, as they claimedf their contract called for a Derform-ance at The Ben Ali only. "Paul LaCroix and CompanyJ' did not want towork because of the same contract.LaCrox finally agreed to go on alone,but it would have been better if,, wehad left him off the bill, as he was notin condition to work. Had the Grandmanagement known earlier in the daythe entire show would have beencancelled and money refunded to ourpatrons. It occurred at the timewhen the show had started, verymuch to our sorrow. We wish to assure-the citizens of Paris that in thefuture if Keith Vaudeville appearshere we will have a guarantee that allthe acts will go 'on and be put on ashest thjey can.pOLONIAL AMUSEMENT CO.Mme. Ernestine Sshumann-Heinlc,the world-famous contralto, will be assisted by Miss Nina Fletcher, a youngvioliniste of marked ability, in the following 'program, which constitutes thelast of theseries of artist concerts presented by the Studio Club of Lexington, which will be 'igiven at the Woodland Paik Auditorium, April 24.PROGRAM1. Three Arias from the Opera"Sampson and Delilah" ... v St. Saens(a) "Spring Song."(b) "Oh, Love of Thy Night"( c) "My Heart at Thy Sweet Voice."Mine. Schumann-Heink.2. Violin(a) Aria Mattheson(b) Ave Maria Schubert-Wil-helmj(c Hungarian Dance No. 7. BrahmsJoachim.Miss Nina Fletcher.3. (a) Die Junge Nonne ... Schubertteagreu"?-8:15 p.sjm.1APRIL 24Prices $2.50 to 50co411 Seats ReservedLOCAL MANAGEMEN:Studio Clob 419 Second StreetLexington, KentuckySeats en Sale at C. F. Srower's, Lexington, Ky.99m999Qfm9999Qi(b) Die Florelle Schubert(c) Widmung Schumann ries, 10 for 50c, 25 for 75c,fA TVonmo RinlmrH WarncifS1 RO Sfmwhprrv rilflllts.(e) Im Herbst Robert Franz(f) Spinnerliedchen (Old GermanFolksong) 17th CenturyMme. Schumann-Heink.4. (a) Violin. .Romanza . .WagnerWilhelmj (b) Serenata Napoletana Scambati(c) Caprice Espagnol Ketten-Loeffler.Miss Nina Fletcher.5. (a) Mother 'o Mine.Chas Edson(b) When the Roses Bloom. .Reichardt. (c) Cry of Itachel . . . . . Salter(d), Kerry Dance Molloy(e)' . The Rosary Nevin., xume. ouiiuuia.uu-.rctriutt..''ORCHARD AND GARDEN STOCK.For fruit stock wanted, I will furnish at the following rates:Peach, 15c. each, 10 for $1.25, 100for $10. Pear, plum, cherry, quince,apricot and nectraine trees, at 30c.each, 10 for $2.25, 100 for $17.50. Apples, 20c. each, 10 for $1.75, 100 for$15. Grapes, currants and gooseberries, extra strong rooted, 2 and 3 yearplants, each 25c, 10 for $2, 100 for$12.50. -These fruit the year following their-planting. Medium 2 year,each 15c, 10 for $1, 100 for $7.50; 1year plant, 10c, 10 for 75c, 100 for $5;Blackberries, dewberries and raspber-100 for$1.50. Strawberry plants, 40c per100. Sweet potatoes and cabbageplants in Variety., 100 for 25c, 1,000for $2, 5,000 for $7.50. These are theprices delivered at the nursery, but allorders to the amount of $10 or morewill deliver them freight paid to anyrailroad station. Cash or satisfactoryreferences to be sent with all orders.H. C. OGLE, SR.,.(21-2t) Paris, Ky.-SEE OJJR WINDOW. .Fountain yPens, 39x cents. -NEWPORT GETS BERTH INOHIO STATE LEAGUE.Mr. William Shire, of this city, returned from Cincinuaci Friday, wherehe went to confer with the Ohio StateLeague magnates in regard to placingthe ball team from Hamilton in thiscity. He also met President GarryHerrman and the matter Aas discussed. According to Air. Shire, the .representatives of the Ohio State League,made a proposition to turn over theHamilton franchise to Paris- providedthe sum of $4,000 would be raised.This proposition Mr. Shire declined,preferring to wait another season, before making an effort to againlaunch base ball in Paris. At the conclusion of the meeting it was decidedto place Newport in the League.All kinds of Automobile Insurance.lmy ROXIE DAVIS.OBERDORFElc, ThevDruggist.The world is growing better. Butyou can find out more about a man.by getting drunk with him than youcan by going to church with him.There is always room in the, worldfor .the boy Who says "Please" andi "Sir" vand, "Thank You."?I'"Y-vVJ-7if N1?CjTTHE BOURBON NEWS, tiX& r KESfjLJC ARIL 21, 1914 wv V'-VWtr&feirt&HAS THE BEST"OF ALL LINES MAOEDO IT NOW.Now 3s the time tobuy your Gas Stovesfofefore the Springrush starts. We cando the work promptly. Paris Gas & Oectric Co.FORMER POSTMASTER BUYSLARGE 'GROCERY STORE.SOCIAL AND PERSONALLAWN MOWERS.Miss Bertha Napier is visiting relatives in Lexington.Sirs. W. TL Scott left Sunday fora visit to friends in Louisville.Miss Nannie Brent O'Neill is im-!proving after a few days' illness.Mrs. William Kenney Fergusonwas a visitor in Lexington, Saturday.Miss Phyllis Nippert, of Latonia,is visitmg Mr. and Mrs. P. Nippert, inthis city.Mr. and Mrs. Charles Funk andchildren, of Lexington, were guestsSunday of Mr. and Mrs. T. M. Funk.Mrs. Thomas Hill returned Fridaylu uer uuuie in jjewut, A.YK., alter aSee our window .display1 of. lawnmcftvers, which includes several stylesand sizes. Most any price you wantto pay. These are all high-grade machines and are guaranteed to do thework.(21-4t) LAVIN &CONNELL.Srivisit to her mother,. Mrs. Jos. M. Rion.Moore, former Postmaster 1 Mrs. Richard Butler and little son.of Lexington, are visiting her mother,Mrs. Carrie I. Fisher, on High street.Mrs. Curtis Henry was taken to ahospital, in Cincinnati yesterday,where she will submit to an operaMr. N. ASaturday closed a deal for the purchase of the large grocery store ofMr. John Saure. He will get possession on May 10. Mr. Sauer, who recently purchased a large farm nearthis city, will move to his countryLome and engage in farming.L. WEATHERS LOSESSTOCK 3ARN BY FIRE.A large stock barn on the farm of"Mr. S. L. Weathers, near Centerville,vas destroyed by fire at an early:our Sunday morning. The barn contained a large quantity of feed, farm"ng implements and several head ofstock. Thelatter were gotten out before injured, but the remainder of thecontents were destroyed. The origin is unknown. Mr. Weathers carried no insurance, and the loss will bevn the neighborhood of 2,000.fire, wind and lightning insurance. Thomas & Woodford.PROSPECTS FOR NICHOLASCOUNTY FAIR BRIGHT.PUBLIC SEE!OFDESIRABLEMODERNDWELLINGAlso 2 Nice Building Lots.Having decided to move to anotherState, I willfell at public auction, onMr. H. N. Rankin, of Carlisle, whois backing the movement to organizea corporation in that city for the purpose of holding a county fair, 'hasgiven, out the information that planshad progressed far enough to insurethe organization of the company, andpractically assure the holding of afair at Carlisle this season. Severalof the most prominent traders in thatsection are co-operating with Mr. Rankin in this -.work.SHOW CASES FOR SALE.Two show casesApply to-eight and ten fefet.(21-lt)H. J. GROSCHE,Cor. Eighth and HighFRESH FISH.Fresh Fish every day.It C. P. COOK & CO.3RAKEMAN CRUSHED TO DEATHBETWEEN TWO FREIGHT CARS.William T. Jones, aged about wen-"y-fiveyears, was instantly killed yesterday morning at Cyntlilana, when,e war, crushed between tvo freight.;L!S which. were being switched f rom ja train. Jones, who is a braKcmau on4J;o L. & N. wes a member of theMr. and Mrs. J. A. Stern returnedyesterday from a delightful visit toj relatives and friends in Birmingham,Ala.Miss lone Gordon, of Cynthiana,formerly of Paris, has been electedassistant high school teapher at 0vingsville, Ky.Mr. P. M. Heller left yesterdaymorning for a visit to his old home,Vanceburg, and also to friends in Ohioand West Virginia.Mr. Quincy Ward, ExecutiveAgent of the Kentucky Fish and GameCommission, calne to Paris yesterdayto remain during the week.Harry Morrison, son of Mrs.Frankie Morrison, is ill at the home ofhis grandparents, Mr. and Mrs. Lawrence VanHook, with measles.Miss Elizabeth Fisher, who recently underwent an opeiation at theMassie Memorial Hospital for appendicitis, will be discharged from the institution to-day.Misses Marian and CharlotteCiam entertained a few friends attheir home on Walker Avenue, Saturday evening. Rook was the pastimeenjoyed by the guests.Mr. and Mrs. R. R. Myall leftSaturday morning to visit relatives inFleming and Mason counties, but willreturn to Paris before leaving fortheir home in, Liberty, Mo.Mrs. G. S. Hamilton and son,John, of Two Rivers, Wisconsin, wholave been the guests of her mother,Mrs. Alice Sweeney, will return hometo-day.Miss Ernestine Noe has returnedto her home in cnattanoga, alter abiief visit with her sister, Mrs. A. H.Morehead. She was accompaniedhome by her young nephew, AlbertMorehead, Jr.Mr. W. O. Hinton, who was operated on for appendicitis two weeksago, at Sts. Mary and Elizabeth Hospital, in Louisville, has been discharged from that institution. He isnow at the home of his brother-in-lawin Louisville, and hopes to returnhome next week.A number of persons from thiscity are planning to attend the Schu-mann-Heinkconcert to be given inLexington, at the Woodland Park Au- juitonum, Friday evening, Aprn ;-.FOR RENTStoreroom on Main street known asthe Weatherall property. Possessionto 'be given May 1. Apply toCHAS. PEDDICORD.Pony Outfit For Sale.Extra nice Shetland Pony, 4 yearsold, with plenty of action. Also rubber tired run-a-bout and harness. Calleither phone 41. (2t)FOR SALEA nice, new Indian Motorcycle; newtires, presto light, tank and completetool outfit. Must sell at once. Apply to Bourbon News.FOR SALE.Thursday, May 7th, 1914.beginning at 2 o'clock, p. m., on thepremises, my frame dwelling house onCypress street.The house contains eight largerooms, with complete bath room, pantry, plenty of presses, gas for cookingin the kitchen, electric lights throughout the house, which is equipped withhandsome electric fixtures. Thehouse stands on an excellent concretefoundation, and the building is one ofthe best constructed homes kj Paris.The lot has a frontage of about 73feet on Cypress street, and runs backabout 210 feet to an- alley. On therear of the lot is a well built stable,chicken house and chicken yard.At the same time and place I willalso sell the vacant building lot adjoining the residence. This lot has afiontage on Cypress street of about5G feet, and rims back a distance ofabout 202 feet to an alley. There isan excellent cistern on this lot, whichis one of the most desirable buildingsites in Paris. The inside concretewalk is already built.Also, the building lot located on thenorth side of the dwelling, frontingabout 73 feet on Cypress street, andlunning back to an alley,. a distance ofabout 170 feet.TERMS Easy, and to suit the purchasers. G. C. THOMPSON,Paris, Ky.A lot about 65 feet front, runnine-back over 100 feet, :tuated on High Istreet, near Fifteenth street. Applyto(13-tf) MRS. CANDACE SMITHLozenges 8Sulphur and 2Cream Tartar SiOWING TO OUR LARGE SPRING BUSINESS' WE WERE FORCED TO DUPLICATEJOUR ORDERS ONJSilks, Challis and ;Wash GoodsHowever.you will find patterns and styles that are?different; values that you will will sayare unsurpassedOur Dress Trimming and Lace Stock mCannot be equaled in this part of the State fmtWhen it comes to LACE CURTAINS, DRAPERIESand RUGS we are right there we have the goods. AfiW, Ed TuckerParis' Only Exclusive Dry Goods Store.I9 T.9this city r.rihome is 'n CoRichmond weredent. lie i" survive'and one cls:'i.IJujrinoav Lil! . HisNOTICEI have decided to sell second-handclothes. I ask all the ladies and gentlemen whom I have sold for, to placetheir goods with me again.NANNIE WATTS,129 Eighth Street,21-3t Paris, Ky.Several Thousand BoltsLEFT.Many use this old ar,dreliable Spring medicine.A favorite way of takingthis remedy is our lozenges. The purest sulphurand cream tartar aremixed with best canesugar, pressed into tablets and taken as youwould eat candy. Theyare not only a goodspring medicine, butwonderful to clear thecomplexion.People's PharmacyDovle Building 8th and MainBoth Phones"Watch Our Window.",o99OBORLAND'Sthe Home of Good Wall Paper ,-3Sgf.I-NsWALL PAPER TALK No. 4. IA comforrable. cosey living-room, decorated in warm"tints of color that give it that homey look, that charmingair of restfulness, or to have the entrance or hallway tomake a good impression. Therefore, when it comes towall-papers, come to a dealer that will 'show a goodassortment. Don't be satisfied with any old wall-paperjust because it is cheap, when you can get such pretty,durable papers for so little money by coming to us.Thsee thousand rolls wall-paper, lc per roll. Come inand pick it out. siLOOK US UP!514 Main St., Next to IVIre. Mamie IParlcer.TELEPHONE 159WW WWWwwwwWW WwWww VKfr.n rrpw nf freight No. Si. i. charge ! Mme. Schumann-rieinx is a great ianf roKiiifitor Liwrence Bobbirt. oflvorite with our music-loving people,Having recently purchased the en-to j tire stock of Wall Paper from the Na-! tional Five and Ten Cent Store, atFriday evening at the Bourhon ab0Ut fifty cents on the dollar, we stillby a young wife j Female College the annual reception t liave on nan(i yet several thousandwas given by the members ol tne &en- rons to dispose of. and in some in-vho never miss an opportunityt-v j. ll 1 -. . .-.. fi .-..-i- iminrt;c-'!,07:. it.ns4 wives in ; ;iea.r nci xiiiigiiinueiiw uilcnotiled of the acci-9C99aiieoNOTICE 10 CVOCKT.'iEN.List your stoci: in M. J. Murphy'smonthly combination sales. Plenty ofbuyers always on hand. We can sellyour horses, mules, ponies, cows, cattle, hogs, sheep and poultry at goodprices. Next sale will be held on Mondav. May 4, county court day(21ap-tf)FORMER RAILROAD MANMAKES VISIT TO PARIS.ior Class. ' jThe larse building gleamed with imany lights, and the .beautiful roomsand halls were rendered still more attractive by the graceful arrangementof handsome plants and spring flowers. The guests were received by thefive young ladies who compose theSenior class, and the members of thefaculty, all handsomely gowned andcarrying arm bouquets of fragrantflowers. In the receiving line were5 Miss Catherine Thomson, the charming young daughter of the principal,Mrs. M. G. Thomson, Misses Mary El-i?j i-n T...rtVo-iv XTfTTinotfo Willi.11UL, JJCllli OUUUUttU, .,uuuvw .. .ingford, Margaret Ardery ana iuiannivprt. all of Paris: and Miss Van-, wwt. . ' , -Col. James Arnold, of Cincinnati,one of the most widely known rail-mo1 -ior in fhr Smith. WAS a Visitorin Paris Fridav and Saturday. Col. : srsdale, Mrs. Harp, Miss Waters, Miss--- - -- r 1 . --l i::rt,voUo-if rnr.fof er. Wrrrn JVI1SS lliii:"li:lil auu -.ii-stances at less than the price of theraw paper. Genuine Oatmeal Papers,(Holzmehl), 30 inches wide, in all theleading colors, at 10c a roll. Diningroom, bed room, and Parlor papars,worth 10c. and 15c. a roll, at 5c, 6c,and 7c a roll. Enough paper for ahall or small bed room at lc. a roll.Investigate !THEFAIR.Arnold, who was ate soldier, was mingling with his oldcomrades here and incidentally boosting the Queen & Crescent route,which will conduct excursions to thereunion of the Confederate veteransat .Tnok-sonville. Fla. Col. Arnold ison the retired list and receives a pension from the railroad for which hewas for thirty-two years a travelingpassenger agent. The feeling of interest in the railroad prompted hisvisit to this city. He is an honorarymember, of the Cincinnati Chamber ofCommerce, having had this honor conferred upon' him one year ago. Hewas retired at the age of seventy-two,being retained in the employ of therailroad company two years . longerthan any other employes now on theretired list.SEED CORN.rLennedy, of the taculty. the partycolors were yellow and wlnte anawere carried out in the refreshments,which consisted of individual icesmoulded as flowers, cakes and bonbons. . The favors were jonquils attached to cards by yellow ribbons.Music was furnished by a Lexingtonorchestra, and the evening was happily spent by about one hundred and50 guests from Paris, Lexington, Millersburg, North Middletown, etc. Anumber of M. M. I students attendedthe reception, -which was one of thehandsomest ever given int this timohonored institution.SEE OUR WINDOW.iorCarefully selected seed corn, testedgermination. Good, rnones o.R. B. HUTVJnuttA- i.(21-3 wks) v - Paris K?'COUNTRY HOME OF JOHN SKILLMAN DESTROYED BY FIRESaturday morning the country homecf Mr. John Skillman, near CaneItidge, was destroyed by fire, together-...-w. j- e ,'fo nnn fonts. Mr. a'"LWILLI IUUSL VL iw v-""-Mrs. Skillman. were en route to ParisSaturdav morning, and when neannghe citv,thev met Mr. Frank Skillman,a brother of Mr. Skillman, who reside in this city, and who had been notified by telephone of the fire. Returning they found their comfortablehome , which they had left but a shorttime before, reduced to ashes Littlewas saved from the bjulding. Thefire originated from a kitchen flue.The house was a two story stonestructure with fram additioJL and allthat remains standing is the walls.Neighbors did what they could to savethe furniture in the building, but withlittle result. Mr. Skillman earned noinsurance either on the buildingthe contents. iFountain Pens, 39 cents.OBERDORFER, The Druggist.EOY ACCIDENTALLY SHOT WILLRECOVER FROM HIS INJURIES.orBudgie Snapp, the ten-year-old sonof Mr. John C. Snapp, who resides onthe Lexington pike, on the Willis"Wright place, was accidentally shotbv one of his playmaTes Saturday afternoon, and seriously wounded. ,The boy was out playing with several friends, one of whom had a rifleof small caliber, which -was acciden-".:.' discharged tno uuiiet taKing ei-fect in young Snapp's stomacb.Mr. Bert Rash, of North Middletownwliowas enroute from Lexington toParis in his automobile, noticed thehnvs draffwdns another of their number and seeing their distress stoppedto render assistance. Atter lie naabeen informed the youth had beenshot he placed him in the automobileand rushed to the Massie MemorialHospital in this city.Thename of the hoy who did theshooting is being withheld and lateran investigation will be made. Reportsfrom the hospital last night were tothe effect that young Snapp was getting along as well as could be' ex;pected, and that he would probably .recover.T&fr--r9999999999999999999999THE J. T. HINTON CO.The Bestf iu "I I'liifntij.aatlsiaafH-iBM'iJbfh.iJKV.Cv5.C5iM':WareKeep aKodak Record.The pictures made so easilywill tell the child story for yearsto come. ,We will be glad to explain thesimple Kodak way in picturemaking it's all by daylight.AlwaysV thudCheapestDon't Endanger fYourHealthWith aCheapRefrigeratorif9THE ODORLESSREFRIGERATORKJust Received Now on Display.Kodaks $6.00 to $20.00.3rownie Cameras, $1.00 to $12.00DaughertyBros.You have heard of this great Refrigerator. We want you to see them andknow what they are. YOUR SATISFACTION IS GUARANTEED.All Odorless' Refrigerators are cased with the most carefully selected :andthoroughly KILN DRIED OAK, not ash stained to imitate oak, but genuine oakitself, the material used in all high.grade Refrigerators and imitated in all othersThe Odorless is also lined with LINOFELT and it is NAILED m place! and hasto stay where it is put. The Odorless is made in both the White Enamel adthe Porcelain genuine lined. Will you let us show you these great Refrigerators?If you want a cheaper Refrigerator we have it. Come to-day.THE J. T. HINTON COMPANYParis, Kentucky Phones 3GrUndertakins Ambulance Wood MantelsVViFVVA4.-4lrmci a-vXi,?.THE BOURfeON .fcEWS fARIS, JCY., APRIL 2 J, MlcVORET LANDS 'ARE ' " rs put; to wanV uses.BjMMtf ttwtfs?..aa-. maa- 'm.II!F4IfIrfSPRING OPENING OFREFRIGERATO' 32 Patterns to Pick Prom--32Just received one car load of Refrigerators and Ice Boxesand we are going tocut inprices, and they are all theNew Iceburgthe kind that makes the best pleased customers. Let usshow7 you while the line is on our floor.Protect your health by using a New Iceburg Refrigeratorand also protect your pocket with the small ice bill that ittakes to run one of them.A. F. Wheeler Furniture Co 5CHAS. GREEN, Manager-Opp. Court House!pOUNTY COURT DAYS."Below is a list of tlie days CountyCourts are held each, month in counties tributary to Paris:-Anderson, Lawreceourg, 3d Monday.Bath, Owingsville, 2d Monday.Bourbon, Paris, 1j MondaysBoyle, Danville, 3d Monday.Breathitt, Jackson, 4th Monday.Clark, "Winchester, 4th Monday."Payette, Lexington, 2d Monday.Fleming, Flemingsburg, 4th MondayFranklin, Frankfort, 1st Monday.Garrard, Lancaster, 4th Monday.Grant, Williamstown, 2d Monday.Harrison, Cynthiana, 4th Monday.Henry, Newcastle, 1st Monday.-Jessamine, Nicholasville, 3d MondayLee, Beattyville, 4th Monday.Lincoln, Stanford, tfid Monday.Madison, Richmond, 1st Monday.Mason, Maysville, 1st Monday.Mercer, Harrodsburg, 1st Monday.Montgomery, Mt. Sterling, 3d Monday. "Nicholas, Carlisle, 2d Monday.Oldham, Lagrange, 4th Monday.Owen, Owenton, 4th Monday.Pendleton, Falmottcn, 1st Monday.Powell, Stanton, 1st Monday.Pulaski, Somerset, 3rd Monday.Scott, Georgetown, 3d Monday.Shelby, Shelbyville, 2d Monday."Wayne, Montecello, 4th Monday."Woodford, Versailles. 4th Monday.Ttecent high-speed wireless tests in"Bagland resulted in sending 145 wordsat ninute.FOUND CURE FOR RHEUMATISM""I -suffered with rheumatism for twoyears and could not get my rightland to my mouth for that length oflime," writes Lee L. Chapman, Ma74eton, Iowa. "I suffered terrible pain-so I could not sleep or lie still atmight. Five years ago I began usingChamberlain's Liniment and in twoaaonths I was well and have not suffered with rheumatism since." ForsMite by all dealers.(April) (adv). More than 12,000,000 gallons of gas-jdMne-wereproduced from natural gasjm. the United States last year.KENTUCKY TRACTION & TERM-r INAL COMPANY.Interurban Schedule.ve LexingtonFor ParisLeave Parisfor Lexington6:45 a m7:30 a m.. 8:15 a m' " 9:00am9:45 a m11:15 a m12:45 p m2:15 p. m3:45 p m4:30 p m5:15 p m6:05 p m6:50 p m8:15 p m$.iw a m7:20 a mti:0 a m1:50 amlt:20 & m11:50 a m .1:20 p m2:50 q. m3:30 p m'4:20 p m5:00 p m -;C:0pMn7r20 p m9 :10 p m"11:00 p-m,Daily xcapt Sunday.10:05 p jn;' -ft r-offer for the next 1 5HOW A BOY LOST THE MR. WARREN BACON DOINGMAGNIFICENT SUM OF $12,000 GOOD WITH LOCANDA IN SOUTHIn the May Wonan's Home Compan- Mr. Warren A. Bacon, formerly ofion appears a very interesting article this city, uow of Prairieville, Ala., isentitled "The Safeguarding of the doing a great business with the greatChild," by Julia C. Lathrop, chief of stallion, Locanda, in the South,the Children's Bureau in the United There are those vho predicted thatStates Department of Labor. In the such a horse as Locanda would not becourse of the article Miss Lathrop appreciated in the South. That is,shows the importance of the registra- the people there would not paytion of births.. She makes the point enough for the services of a high-classthat thousands of children's lives horse.could be saved if in the first few Thirty-eight local mares have alhours of life they could have proper ready been booked to Locanda, at theattention. She also proves that in unprecedented price for that sectionthe United States n9 proper records of $50 to insure.are kept of births. ' In the following Two mares from Cincinnati haveextract from her articles she tells the also been sent to his court, and Mr.story of a case where the failure to Bacon is confident the number sent toregister the birth of a child cost the his horse will pass the half hundredmother dearly: mark before May days come."The importance of a birth record Such conditions do not exist in allis very well illustrated by the case, sections of the South, however, butrecently brought to the attention of Mr. Bacon is nicely settled in an exthe Children's Bureau, of a young cellent section of the famous BlackSwiss immigrant who, coming to this Belt, where the people have alwayscountry and settling in Indiana, was been prosperous enough to buy whatkilled, leaving a widow and infant they wanted, and have loved goodchild. The mother, in dire poverty, horses since the days of the Red Men.had trouble .to keep herself and baby It is a country similar to that wherealive by scrubbing and sewing. One the McCurdy's of The Tramp fameday there came to her an official let- live and breed good horses. There ister from the. Government of Switzer- no reason why with Bermuda pastureland, stating that her late husband's alfalfa and Johnson grass hay that abrother had left twelve thousand dol- country whose soil is richer in carlars to this child. All that was de- bonate of lime than any other in themanded was proof of a identity, with world should not raise as good horsesthe customary birth certificate. But as Kentucky or Tennessee.there was no such certificate, and the.much-needed money was lost. I"Another instance of this kind, like- In the home of Andrew Jackson, ofwise in Indiana, had to do with a farm Fairfield, Mo., there is a clock that iswhich was left to a girl by her grand- more than 180 years old, which tellsfather. Being twenty-one years of th phases of the moon as well as theage she was entitled to the property, days of the month.But a dispute arose. Her father, whohad the use of the farm during her T THE PEEP OF DAYminority, claimed that she was only .t nineteen, mere was no oirui cercin-icate to prove her age. But, happily,,a neigiiDor rememoerea mat a vaiu-able cow belonging to the grandfath- 01der people are inclined to laugh ater, had given birth to a calf on theme small boy wll0 arises at 4 asame day that the girl was born. The on frftlls da.v anf1 -p- tn tho rani.MAi birth of the calf had been duly re-j corded and this evidence being ac-cepteu uy uie uuuil, uie juuiis wuuiaiiobtained possession of her farm.TREE SEED INDUSTRYBECOMING PROFITABLECollecting and marketing tree seedis becoming a profitable industry andState Forester J. E. Barton, who, withCommissioner of Agriculture J. W.Newman, have been to Raywick, Marion county, to address an agriculturalrally, took up that question with theMarion county farmers, and instructed them inthe methods of marketingand handling the seeds. Mr. Bartonsaid this industry is important in connection with the subject of reforstration, as the seeds of native trees always do better than those shippedfrom other places.H. F. Price, of Catlettsburg, districtforest warden, was in Frankfor.t andreported the organization of forestryclubs in Magoffin and Elliott counties.These clubs are for the purposeofarousing local interest in conservation road and give two performance's 4n 1and protection of forested areas. ,(1this city, at 2:00 and 8:00 p. m. ' 1- . , 1 v ' " I ',S(8edays a big specialiRobinson's Famous Shows TrainsWi Arrive.yards to see me show unload Butif they only knew it little Johnnie llasthe best of the game He j w tj see many things that the older onesj miss, things that are really interesting, even thrilling.Few people realize the wonderfulsystem that enables a big organization like Robinson's Famous Shows tobe moved from one city to- another,get ready and give two performancesin one day, and get out of town without friction or accident, leaving noteven a tent stake of the entire paraphernalia as a reminder of their visit.It is marvelous to watch the skillfulunloading of the enormous wagons,dens and tableaux without a hitch or.a moment's delay; to see the big,handsome horses take their placeslike clockwork; to see the elephantspush wagons in place, lift immensecenter poles, and perform other dutieswhere their measureless strengthcomes into play.Older people might follow littleJohny's example with profit. Just tryit once on the morning of Wednesday,April 29, when Hobinson's FamousShows will arrive by the L. & N. rail-,RSAlmost every conceivable use towhich land may be put is representedin the 'permits reported by the ForestService for special projects on theNational forests. Some of, the usesshovn range, alphabetically, fromapiary through brickyard, cannery,cemetery, church, cranberry marsh,fox: range, marine railway, rifle rangeand turpentine still, to wharf andwhaling station.There are 15,000 permits in forcefor such special uses, which are distributed geographically from Alaskato the Mexican line, and east to' Florida. This figure does not include anyof the 27,000 permits in force forgracing cattle and cucep on the for-1ests; nor the 6,000 transactions for"the sale of timber, and the more than !38,000 permits issued last year for the Jfree use of timber by settlers, miners iand others in developing their homesteads and claims; nor the nearly 300permits for water power development.California led all the National forest States in the number of thesespecial use permits, followed by Arizona, Colorado, Montana and NewMexico in the order named. Thelargest single class of permits wasfor special pastures, or corrals, to beused for lambing gounds, shearingpens, and the like. Next camerights of way for conduits, ditchesand flumes, practically all of these being free. Various agricultural permitscome third, telephone lines fourthwith more than a thousand permitsfor 6,500 miles of line, and drift fences for the control of grazing animals,fifth. In both of these latter classes,too, practically all of the permitswere issued for the occupation ofmoie than 100, 000 acres come sixth.The rest of the uses are not classifiedthough there are a large unmber ofaparies, camps, summer hotels andschools. The use of the government'slands for schools is given free; forhotels a charge is made. ,The principle which governs thecharge is based, according to tlie forest service, on whether or not the useof the land is sought by the permittee for a commercial purpose. If it jis the intent of the user to make money from a resource which belongs tothe whole people, the service holds 'that he should give a reasonable re-1turn for that use. If, on the otherether hand, farmers want to use government land for their own telephonelines, irrigation works and schools,the government gives them that usewithout cost.The Viceroy of India has just completed a tour through the various districts of the Empire, concluding withVisit tp Calcutta. No functions wereheld in the city itself, and even theuniversity convocation was held atthe Government House. "No crowdswere permitted to congregate in thestreets on the route followed by theViceregal procession, and the Uior-oughfares were heavily guarded bypolice and soldiers.tfravLJdFeel It. Heal."When Vntt Stvnflnnr Df Tfr-tt'oPine -Tar- Flnnev mtt rin tnai ithesl. It snnihp'z nnrl smnnihatr -turaw spots. says Granny Metcalfe.That's Granny's -way cf saylnz It, altereighty-nine years ol experience. Can youcay It bdtte-? Can the mo:t learned say itas -well? Granny knows, ana, she knowssbe knows.A picture of both Grarny and theBell are on every GENUINE bottle otDr. Bell'sPINE-TAloiiONEY25 Cents.60 Cents.51.00'Tell By The Bsll'! We will have in"Drr s TEr 7-tr -J. UJJ&, JL JLJJilJLg JJLctJL&lLtl UI1U uuy toil.! The Joseph Candioto Co.151-1 531 55Supplies of all kinds.MAny roof that will last 27 years and is still in good conditionis well worth looking into.That's the record behindMd;WiefriSriafThere are thousands of houses ail over the country, many ofthem in this state, from the owners of which this statementcan be verified.4 For Sale byBEST & HAWKINS, Millersbprg, Kentucky.SPECIAL TRAIN EXCURSIONUWoodlandHeadquartersBuster B.Dark Bay Horse, Weight 1,700.Sired hy Imported Glitter 58803.Dam by Imported Queen 41490.$10.00 TO INSURE.BUSTER B. is a coming four-year-oldand a young stallion of markedsize and condition.He is the kind... ... , . nAthat wlU aPPeal to yur fancy and youwill make no mistake in breeding to, .1 SPECIAL TRAINI Leaves CEOEOETOWfl 7s45 a.m. j1 ASK TSCKET AGEUT FOR PARTICULARS. IThe Above Horses Will Make the Season of 1914 at Woodland Stock Farm.! About 7 miles north of Paris on the Cynthiana pike. Money due whencolt is foaled, mare transferred or bred to other stock without my consent.Lien retained on all colts until season money is paid. Care taken to preventaccidents, but no responsibility assumed should any occur.STERL.1NG HINKSON, Lair, Kentucky.COLONIAL COMPANY ISSUESNOTICE TO THE PUBLICThe Colonial Amusement Companywishes to offer an apology for the failure of "The Three Keatons" and "PaulLaCroix and Company," to appearand put on their act at the vaudevilleperformance last Thursday evening.The management had a contractwith the Ben Ali Theatre managersfor seven acts of Keith Vaudeville toappear in Paris last Thursday eveningjust the same as they were to performin the Ben Ali Theatre, Lexington.At the last minute the "Three Keatons" refused to work, :s they claimedtheir contract called for a performance at The Ben Ali only. "Paul LaCrox and Company" did not want towork because of the same contract.LaCrox finally agreed to go on alone,but it would have been better if wehad left him off the bill, as he was notin condition to work. Had the Grandmanagement known earlier in the daythe entire show would have been040000044EXCELSIORParis a Full Stock all- - & HfrrT nilNorth Broadway, Lexington, Ky.IMSMAY 10, 1914Stock FarmFor Draft HorsesBurleyBlack Percheron; Weight 1760.$10.00 TO INSURE.BURLEY is a splendid specimen ofthe dratt horse and his get haveproved to be of the very best. Thereis a steadily growing demand for theclass of horses produced by Burley,.both upon the farm and in the citiesThey can stand more work than theaverage horse. He is 8 years old, abeautiful black, well formed, and othe class that catches the eye. In selecting a horse to breed to pick onewhose produce commands the bestprice.cancelled and money refunded to ourpatrons. It occurred at the timewhen the show had started, verymuch to our sorrow. We wish to assure the citizens of Paris that in thefuture if Keith Vaudeville appearshere we will have a guarantee that allthe acts will go on and be' put on asbest they can.COLONIAL AMUSEMENT CO.Turkey demands a registration feeof $22 from physicians.The largest telescope in the worldis to be put into position in Ottawa.It will weigh fifty tons, will contain aseventy-two-inch lens and will belarge en c ugh for an automobile todrive tnrough its tube.Mistletoe thrives on the Westerncoasts io an extent not approached inthe East. In many places this parasitic growth is responsible, directlyor indirectly, for a considerable lossof timber.0M4Models. We Sell t--. 3 T . U. .-Jr. ). tmH -fijsvft-vv,( ""V;-s " ihH X"yi -Tv V-?-J -",. -t-'K1HE BOURBON NEWS,1 PARIS;-KENTCCKY APRIL 21- ftl,.r "Stiff JointsSprainSvBruisessire relieved at once by an application of Sloan's Liniment. Don'rub, just lay on lightly.' Sloan's Xiilliment has rtnna mnra$ good than anything I have ever triedfor still joints. 1 got :uy hand hurt bo'XI )uitlv that T hsul fn ct.. -n.-t-1r t jt the busiest time of the year. I thoughtfS at: first th.lt. T wnnlrt Imiu unn .hand taken off , but I got a bottle ofSloan's Liniment and cured my hand."WiLTOS WliEELEBj-Morris, Ala.Good for Broken SinewsG. G. Joxes, Baldwin', L. L, writes r4I used Sloan's liniment for brokensinews above the knee cap caused by afall and to my great satisfaction wasable to resume work in less th" three,weeks after the accident,"SLOANSLINIMENTFine for SprainMb. Henry A. Voehi,, &i SomersetSt., Plainfield, N. J., writes : " Afriend sprained his ankle so badlythat it went black. He laughed whenI told him that I would have him outin a week. I applied Sloan's Linimentand in four days ho was working andsaid Sloan's was a right good liniment."Price 25cxsiHHk'' Mjg 50c and SI. CO ff i STiiir-i IQ poultrysentfreo. Cg, MJ ISPECIAL TO WOMENTLe most economical, cleansing andgermicidal of all antiseptics isA soluble Antiseptic Powder tobe dissolved in water as needed.As a medicinal antiseptic for douchesin treating catarrh, inflammation orulceration of nose, throat, and thatcaused by feminine ills it has no equal.For ten years the Lydia E. PinkhamIvledicine Co. has recommended Paxtinein their private correspondence withwomen, which proves its superiority.Women who have been cured sayit is "worth its weight in gold." Atdruggists. 50c. large box, or by mail.The Paxtoa Toilet Co., Boston, Mass.YELLOW POPLAR CAN BEGROWN'PROFITABLY.iiITU"the Lamp Oil thatSaves EyesNothing is more important In thehome than clear, steady light. Insurethis by getting the oil that burnsclear and clean without a flickerdown to the last drop. Pennsylvaniacrude oil refined to perfection.Costs no more than the inferiortankwason oils saves MONEY savesWORK Paves eyes.Your dealer has SOLITE OIL inbarrels direct from our works.Ghas. C. Stoil Gi! Co.Lexington, Ky.Refinorr .t arren, Pa.Wc sell tfcecs -hnfed "NoCarb"Ai 1 !.CTKgSHMYellow poplar, one of the finest andthe largest of American broadleaftrees, can be grown profitably in thetimber tracts of the Southern Appalachians. This conclusion is set forthin a report written by W. W. Ashe, ofthe forest service and recently published -by the geological survey ofTennessee.An investment in young yellow poplar stands will yield 4 per cent, compound interest. In addition to thisthere is a profitable, though indeterminate, return to the natural increasein stumpage prices. This increase,based on average-sized yellow poplartrees, has amounted during the past20 years to 13 per cent, compoundedannually.There is more lumber producedfrom yellow poplar than from anyother Southern hardwood except oak.The commercial range of the tree isrestricted mainly to the Southern Appalachian Mountain of the .Virginias,Carolinas, Kentucky and Tennessee,where it grows to more than 100 feethigh and over five feet in diameter.Some specimens in Virginia nearly200 feet .high and 10 feet through.The wood itself has the same general characteristics as that of whitepine, and its range of uses is aboutthe same. Each is utilized for almostanything not requiring great strengthor tougness.The qualities which favor the extensive use of poplai', its lack of odor,are its straight grian, its lack of odor,the readiness with which it takespaint, and the ease with which it canbe worked. Doors, paneling, packingboxes, type cases, drawers, kitchenwoodenware and toys are made largeof yellow poplar. In Tennessee wooden mixing bowls are turned out insizes up to 4 feet in diameter fromone piece of wood. Yellow poplarstands well in situations exposed tothe weather, as in pumps, outsidesteps, shingles and fencing. It is notdurable in contact with the soil,though it can be readily treated withpreservatives.From the earliest times it has beenused in making dug-out canoes, forwhich it is specially suited since it iseasily worked and is light. - In thiscapacity the tree did yeoman servicein the early Indian wars of the South.In 1779, an "attack upon the Carolianfrontier was threatened by Indianswho assembled near Chattanooga.Isaac Shelby, one oi the pioneer leaders, had 5-foot trunks of yellow poplar hewed into canoes, in which hetok his 750 men down the HudsonRiver to attack the tribes.The wood lacks odor and this quality, according to the report, permits ofits extensive use for containers forbutter, cheese and other food stuffs,and for refrigerators.Its straight grain adapts it to themaking of matches, and the ease withwhich it takes glue makes it useful asa cord wood upon which more expensive veneers can be placed. It makesa very good paper pulp.The tree grows best on a good,moist soil; when grown on dry soilthe wood is likely to be harder and toconsist largely of light-colored sapwood. It will not pay, however, togrow it on rich agricultural bottomlands, which will bring higher returnsfrom cultivation of farm crops. Fortimber production, therefore, it should'be grown upon the slopes ana covesbetween the bottom lands and the dryheights. jThe report states that the days offthe old trees are numbered and tnat,for this reason, it is desirable to paymore attention to the second growth.The second growth, thought not to becompared with the old giant treeswhich are practically all hardwood,still makes valuable lumber. So faras known, the tree is not subject tosevere injury either from disease orinsects. Its chief enemy is the onecommon to all forest growths in theSotheastern States fire.One important point particularly accented in the report -is that poplarstands should be properly thinned.Such thinnings shoujo" yield a moneyreturn and at the same time increasethe value of the stand when it matures. In thinning the aim should beto give the tree plenty of room forlight and growth, and this will meanfewer trees, each one with a largevalue, rather than many small treesof less value. This is shown strikinglv in the report, which says that itIwill be far more profitable to have 70'trees on an acre with average diame!ters of 20 inches than 160 trees withrtismprArs of 15 inches, me u-mwitrees have a stumpage value of $3.61 jeach, while the 15-inch trees have astumpage value of only 83 centsapiece. The acre of large trees, therefore, will be worth about $120 morethan the other.News Overthe State &&New Station at Rowland.Lancaster The Louisville & Nashville is just completing at Rowland,about eight miles south of this place,a handsome station. It containsboth pasenger and freight accommodations. Rowland is a large shipping point for cattle and is at thejunction of the Knoxville and K. C. diTrial ContinuedMt. Sterling The trial of ErnestArnett, charged with the murder ofLee Patrick, in Magoffin county, andwrought here on a change of venue,was continued by Special Judge Marshall, of Shelbyville, until the September term of court, on account of theabsence of witnesses and of EdwardP. Morrow, who was to assist in theprosecution. The dead man was abrother of former United States Marshal Asbury Patrick. All concernedare prominent. There were aboutwitnesses here to attend the trial.Denied New Trial.Paducah Judge Gordon in the Livingston Circuit Court" overruled theextraordinary motion of James Wellington, alias Wells, for a new trial.This is the second time a new trialhas been denied Wells, who is underlife imprisonment sentence. Thecourt will join with counsel in askingthe Court of Appeals to grant an extension of time in which to pass onnew evidence, which consists of fiveaffidavits made by prominent Livingston county people. Wells was convicted over a year ago for the murder of Frank Longnecker, a Cincinnatian, whose badly decomposed bodywas found on. Rondeau Island December 26, 1912. "TWO WOMENAVOIDOPERATIONSBy Taking Lydia E. Pink-VegetableCompound.inamsIII Mill 'i!JjJ.j.!.!.!L'..t'W1 T-iiMOiMs: f, 'r 215'-V A-Fighting Trachoma in Kentucky.Lexington The United States Government is making a strong effort tostamp out trachoma, the dreaded eyedisease of the Kentucky mountains,the work being directed from a central office located in this city, under,the direction of Dr. John Mullen. Tothis end a new hospital for the treatment of trachoma has just been opened at Beattyville, Dr. Mullen for thepresent being in charge, with threetrained nurses from- this city, MissesHicks, Blake and Berry. Two similarhospitals have been previously located in that part of the State one atHindman, Knott county, and the otherat Hyden, Leslie county. These hospitals are so situated as to serve anarea of approximately 80 to 100 miles.Dr. J. A. Stucky, two trainednurses and Miss Linda Neville willleave on April 24 for Oneida, Claycounty, going to hold a clinic for examination and treatment of eye andear diseases of the children of thej school and surrounding country.They go by invitation of the OneidaI Baptist Institute, and with the co-op-jeration of the Clay county physicians,;and the clinic will be held in thethree-room pavilion, which is the beginning of the hospital in which theBobby Burns Children's ward is to bea part. A large part of the expenses1 of this institution will be borne by theKentucky Home School Auxiliary ofthe mountain fund organization at theGirls' School in Louisville, of whichMiss Annie Anderson is principal.Chicago, 111.' 'I must thank you withall my heart for Lydia E. Pinkham'sVegetable Compound. I used to goto my doctor for pills'and remedies andthey did not help me.jSpllji I had headaches andllllli could not eat, and thelijili! doctor claimed I hadfemale trouble andmust have an operation. I read in thepaper about LydiaE. Pinkham's Vegetable Compound and I have taken it andfeel fine'. A lady said one day, 'Oh, Ifeel so tired all the time and have headache.' I said, 'Take Lydia E. Pinkham's Vegetable Compound,' and shedid and feels fine now." Mrs. M. R.Karschnick, 1438 N. Paulina Street,Chicago, Illinois.The Otlier Case.Dayton, Ohio. "Lydia E. Pinkham'3Vegetable Compound relieved me ofpains in my side that I had for yearsand which doctors' medicines failed torelieve. It has certainly saved me froman operation. I will be glad to assistyou by a personal letter to any womanin the same condition. " Mrs. J. W.Shersr, 128 Cacs St., Dayton, Ohio.If you Trant special advicewrite to lijclia J3. Pinlvham Mediciinc Co. (confidential) Lynn,Macs. "Sour letter will be op sied,read and answered by a vnian,and lield in strict confidenceaFine Sprin?CowFor Men andBoys.-,.V.": ."V:j - jBest Hats at LowestPrices(t-JJ.r-sTWIN BROS., CLOTHING DEP'TVL Wollstein Proprietor.-Philadelphia is drivingfrom the city limits.piggeriesNearly 700,000,000 pounds of oliveoil were extracted from Spanishalives last year. Much of this oilgoes to Italy to be re-exported thenceto other countries as Italian oil.DEAFNESS CANNOT 3E CUREDSTRAIGHT AT IT.There is no use of our "beatingaround the bush." We might as wellout with it first as last. We want youto try Chamberlain's Cough Remedythe next time you have a cough or acold. There is no reason as far aswe can see why you should not do so.This preparation by its remarkablecures has gained a world wide reputation, and people everywhere speak ofit in the highest terms of praise. Itis for sale by all dealers.(April) (adv)When you f -eel 'SKvous, tired, worried or despondent it is-ure sign you need MOTFS NERVERINPILLS. They renew the normal vigor armake life worth living. Be sure and askMott's Nerverine Pills l?rJ5lLWILLIAMS MFG. CO., Props., Cleveland, OhiffL. Oberdorfer, Druggist. Paris, Ky...Gurtis&OverbyBusiness' Men's Barber Shop,(Next to Bourbon Bank)"3 - CHAIRS - 3Expert BarbersPolite Attention'Hot and Co!d Baths at AHoursNo long Waits.A Share of the Public Rai-ronege Solicited.mmm m- ZMwmP.JKAlttHUIW "?T if m rDVh&(Copyright.H-Nn&BLrtVby McCluro Syndicate.)CLEARS COMPLEXIONREMOVES SKIN BLEMISHESWhy go through life embarrassed anddisfigured with pimples, eruptions,blackheads, red rough skin, or suffering the tortures of eczema, itch, tetter, salt rheum? Just ask your druggist for Dr. Hobson's Eczema Ointment. Follow the simple suggestionsand your skin worries are over,for babies and delicate, tender skins,fffons charming. Always helps. Re-. lief or money back. 50c. at yourdruggist. ' , v t ?Auy;,a ifby local applications, as they cannotreach the diseased portions of the ear.ihere is only one way to cure deafness; and that is by constitutionalremedies. Deafness is caused by aninflamed condition of the mucouslining of the Eustachian Tube. Whencms urne is innamea you nave a rumbling sound or imperfect hearing, andwhen it is entirely closed deafness isthe result, and unless the inflammation can be taken out and this tuberestored to its normal .condition, thehearing will be destroyed forever;nine cases out of ten are caused byCatarrh, which is nothing but an inflamed condition of the mucous surfaces. We will give One Hundred Dollarsfor any case of deafness (caused bycatarrh) that cannot be cured byHall's Catarrh Cure. Send for circulars, free.P. J. CHENEY & CO., Toledo, O.Sold by druggists, 75c.Take Hall's Family Pills for constipation. (April) (adv)VChicago has overvoters registered.200,000 womenGO SOUTH THIS WINTERGo where fair skies, ideal weather, and outdoor enjoyment dispel allthought of winter's discomfort.WINTER TOURIST FARESNOW AVAILABLE VIA"ifyTO Mi.L RESORTS OF THE SOUINCLUDING FLORIDA, NEW ORLEANS, PANAW5A."LAND OF THE SKY."ANDTICKETSON SALE DAILY. LONG RETURN LIMIT.ATTRACTIVE STOP-OVER PRIVILEGES.EQUIPMENT, SERVICE AND SCENERY UNSURPASSED.For details consult any Ticket Agent or writeH. C. KING, Passenger and Ticket Agent 101 East Main SL, Lexington, Ky.L. dc N. time-table:Copyright, by McClure Syndicate.)LOOK TO YOUR PLUMBING.You know what happens in a housein which the plumbing is in bad condition everybody in the house is liableto contract typhoid or some other fever. The digestive organs performthe same functions in the human bodyas the plumbing dose for the house,and they should be kept in first-classcondition all the time. If you haveany trouble with your digestion takeChamberlain's Tablets and you arecertain to get quick relief. For saleby all dealers.April (adv)m Tear wWKmfMffimm Tr Cnai-Dai. 7BBHr3lII YMrGmt-Grui-Dftd HHflyQiB All used May-Apple MwSJiARoot to re I ease, the WWASMft bile from the liver- WWAPZJlIt griped those days lIKSTWWl but in the PODC5LAX BsSSSwAy. formula the. gripe has SKarbeen taken out. SSrBuy it and try It. ;&For Sarc by AllDruggists.REMOVAL OFThe Woman's Exchangeand CafeTo Short St, opp. Conrt HouseLexington, Ky.We shall be pleased to continuethe patronage of all former patronsand all others, desiring excellentservice.Having removed to more commodious apartments, we are able to servemeals at allhours.MRS. W. H. BARKLEY,3-5t Proprietor.'(April)Germany's foreign commerce(exclusive of the movement of gold andsilver) was valued, according to preliminary data, at $4,944,689,904 in 1913as against a total of $4,679,268,268 inthe preceding year.Figures compiled by the Department of Labor at Washington showthat wages 3n, the lumber industry inthe United States have increased 291 per .cent, in the last twenty-five years;Duroc Jersey BoarsNice lot young boars. Eligible toregistry. Come and get first choice."SIDNEY G. CLAY.E. T. Phone 726. Paris, Ky.(7-6t),EFFECTIVE OCT. 19, 1913Trains jfiLrrivet-srsH-jj jp-jK,Wjfcfcr'ANo.3413429710403731233262591383853983231FROM .tAtlanta, Ga., Daily 5:21 amLexington, Ky., Daily 5:18 .Cynthiana, Ky., Daily Except Sunda.y '. 3:2$ vb.Maysville, Ky., Daily Except S unday 7:3g amRowland, Ky., Daily Except Sunday "... 7:45amLexington, Ky., Daily Except Sunday ..."..,. 7:42 anCincinnati, O., Daily 9:38 amMaysville, Ky., Daily Except Sunday 10:2dam:Lexington, Ky., Daily 10:15 amCincinnati, O., Daily 10:24 amLexington, Ky., Daily Except Sunday 12:00 m.Cynthiana, Ky., Daily Except Sunday 3:io pmMaysville, Ky., Daily Except Sunday " 3:15 dhiLexington, Ky., Daily 3:33 psxTenn., Daily 3:30 pmKy., Daily 5:35 pmO., Daily Except Sunday 5:50 pmKy., Daily 6:18 pm. .Fla., Daily 6:23 pm'Knoxville,Maysville,Cincinnati,Lexington,Jacksonville,Cincinnati,O., Daily 10:50pmTralxis IDe-oartWANTED.To buy a few old feather beds. Thehighest cash prices paid,- Address VL.G., Austin,, General Delivery, Farfs;Ky:- (7-St) " V 'No.3447401029373313362613389393283031131TO riV"-TJKlCincinnati, O., Daily " 5:28 amMaysville, Ky., Daily Except Sunday 5:35amLexington, Ky., Daily Except Sunday 7:47 amCincinnati, O., Daily Except Sunday .'... 7:50 amcMaysville, Ky., Daily Except Sunday 7:50 aLexington, Ky., Daily T . 9:43Knoxville, Tenn., Daily .-. : 9:45Jacksonwille, Fla., Daily 10:29Lexington, Ky., Daily . 10,r27 aiMaysville, Ky., Daily 12:05 yiCynthiana, Ky., Daily Except bunday c 12: 04,aLexington, Ky., Daily Except Sunday 3:33 piCincinnati, O., Daily 3:40 piRowland, Ky., Daily Except bunday 5:5SLexington, Ky., Daily Except Sunday 5:58pmCincinnati, O., Daily 6:23pmMaysville, Ky., Daily Except Sunday 6:26 pmCynthiana, Ky., Daily Except Sunday 6:40 pmLexington. Ky., Daily .' 10:55 pmAtlanta, Ga., Daily 10:57 amNo.24'No.1Frankfort,Frankfort,Trains ArriveFROMKy., Daily Except Sunday 7:4i ;Ky Daily Except Sunday . 5:j, Triaaxis XDe-SLrtFranWcfort. KV Dailv'Uxcftnt Su dv . J. ?: .' "V-'zmkzJ" .3 Frankfort, Ky., Daily Except Su ady. ...;...,.. .;-;. . , . f: j;s -v 't - rr , ' - . ,i -.1i.v11'4-V,fc-J ' h".- w n-iT&- , fihiIBJ' rTHE BOURBQN,.NEWS, PARIS, kENTUeKY, APRIL 21 1914.vIs the Choicest Pickings! the bestknown Gardens of the Orient andis noted for its fine flavor and delicate Aroma. Try it today. Forsale by all Grocers.tCertified CheckCERTIFIED CHECKWhy pay more. Noted the Woriiover as the Best. Packed Jrsshevery day, in sanitary sealeU cartons. For sale by all Grocers at 30cents per pound. Save the Coupons.TEAitI-i!Um&pkn-ii- ftAiiiftm OF MILLERSBURG38x, John Shay is some better andsssatole -to be out again.Mr. J. J. Peed and B. A. Nealcontinue about the same.Regular meeting of Amity Lodge-fo. 4.0, F. and A.M., tonight.3udge and Mrs. T. P. Wadell enterxzaSned a euchre party Friday night.3r. and Mrs. D. M. Hurst willUeare: today for a visit to relatives in"'Swing.3Ir. Jas. S. Judy, o Indianapolis,"Tnd., is the guest of his uncle, Mr. T."5s. Jzxay, and family, Saturday.Mr. H. B. Miller, of Atlanta, Ga.,-srrived Thursday as the guest of his"brother, Dr. W. M. Miller, and family.Mrs. W. M. Shaw returned Saturday after a ten days' visit to her"mother, Mrs. Harding and family, at"Scatter.-r-TIie Hurst Home Insurance Co.received a large new safe Saturday"Nironi Hamilton, O. It weighed 5,500?poimds.Mrs. Martha Vimont returned Sat--FORurday afternoon after a ten days' visit to her daughter, Mrs. W. A. Munzing, at Maysville.Messrs. N. H. Henderson, ofFrankfort, and H. M. Campbell, ofParis, were here Saturday and Sunday. jMiss Fary Bruce Redd has returned after a few days' visit to heruncle, Mr. Mulligan, and -family, atLexington.Quite a number from here attended the school contest a Paris Friday.The Millersburg school capturedtwelve of the prizes.Mrs. B. F. Goodman, of Huntington, W. Va., was the guest of heraunt, Mrs. Henry Bowling, from Wednesday until Sunday.Quite a number from here saw"Joseph and His Brethren" at theBen Ali, in Lexington, last Wednesdayafternoon and evening.Mrs. Mary J. Caldwell, who sustained a fall Thursday afternoon inthe back yard of her home, isdoingnicely and able to be out again.-Mr. and Mrs. I). R. Allen, Mr. J.K. Mien and family, of Winchester,were guests of their brother and sister, Mr. G. S. Allen and MesdamesFrankie Cook and Jennie Neal, fromFriday until Sunday.Dr. F. D. and Mrs. J. D. Calhounand little daughter, Elizabeth Dim-i mitt returned Friday after a threeweeks' visit to relatives at Ringo, Ga.v Misses Ann Woods and IreneTackett, who have been under treatment at the Good Samaritan Hospitalin Lexington, returned Friday evening, very much improved.The Senior and Junior classes ofM. M. I., escorted by Captain Davis,took in the Senior and Junior reception of Bourbonx Female College Friday night.Rev. George Green, of Louisville,Kentucky representative of the Judson Centennial Movement, preachedat the Baptist church Sunday morning and evening.Taylor & Redmon,' who assumedthe agency for the Case AutomobileCompany, Jan. 1, sold six of the machines during the past week. Theydelivered two last week to Messrs,Joe Plummer and Ellis Garrison.The Bible Class of the-Presbyteri-anchurch gave a banquet in the basement of the church Thursday evening.Twenty-one out of the twenty-four: lSundaymSpring Lamband the BestHome-Killed Meatson the MarketMARKET HOUSE.Eighth and Main4263!BaldwinBros.,faris5 KentuckyBoth Phones32mlb99No Delivery -No PhonesNo Credit3We are now using aSanitary Fish Cabinet,and receiving Fresh Fishdaily. We save you from4c to 10c per pound onFish.We do not clean anyFish, but we save youmoney on them and giveyou good, fresh Fish atall times. Clean yourFish and you know thatthey are clean.S:aM. J. Heller&CO."issiliigi?Special OfferingGas Ranges!For the Next15 DaysLet us demonstrateto you in our storebefore the rush.L F. Wheeler Furniture Co.CHAS. GREEN, Manager.Twenty- one out of the twenty-fourmembers of the Bible Class were alsopresent. The exercises were underthe management of Rev. A. S. Venable, pastor of the church and teacherof the class. He also acted as toastmaster for the occasion. About eighto'clock all of the guests were presentand were assigned their places at thevarious tables, and as soon as thiswas the program began. The program was opened by a song, "OnwardChristian Soldiers,"- by the class, followed by a prayer, and welcome address by Thomas McClintock. Thequartette composed of Cochran, Venable, Barnes and Herbert, The banquet was then served by the Pastors'Aid Society of the church, composedof thirty, twenty-five of whom werepresent. After the feast was. over theprogram was then continued as follows: "How to Build Up a Men's BibleClass," by Mr. Shanklin; Quartette;"Value .of Bible Study," Dr. B. M.Shive; Organ Solo, Capt Freas; Subject selected, Rev. Verhulst;' QuarRecitation, Rev. Venable; Closing address, Pastor; Quartette. Rev. Venable made an excellent toastmaster,and quite a bit of humor was indulgedin as he introduced each speaker. Theaddresses of Dr. Shive, of Paris, andRev. Verhulst, of Carlisle, were especially good. The occasion was veryenjoyable. The social feature of theSunday school will be indulged inmore frequently in -the future than ithas in the past.The opening game of the M. M.I. base ball team was played Saturday afternoon with the LexingtonHigh School on the grounds of the-latter.The score resulted 8 to 7 in favor of Lexington. " Notwithstandingthe fact that M. M. I. went down indefeat they played a brilliant game.The team is being coached by Capt.A. H. Miller, and the prospects arellattering for a good season. A complete schedule of the season will Deannounced later.The most brilliant piano recitalgiven in Millersburg in years ywas theone given by Miss Alma Duke Jones,assisted by Miss Esther Thiele, Saturday evening at the M. F. C. auditorium, under the auspices oi the McDowell Musical Club. Miss Jones beinga Millersburg girl, and a promisingyoung artist, naturally drew a largecrowd. The audience began assembling early, and it was certainly anaudience of culture. Miss Jones is agraduate in music of the M. F. C, andentered, the Cincinnati Conservatoryof Music last September. She wasthought to be brilliant when she completed her course here, and every possible hope for her future has thus farbeen realized. Her improvement hasindeed been very marked, and shegives promise of -being one of themost brilliant pianists in Kentucky.This, too, in view of the fact that sheis but eighteen years old. MissThiele, who is in the Conserdvatorywith her, is certainly a promisingvoung vocalist. She is but nineteen. 41 Sf IiWE BEG TO ANNOUNCEthat on Tuesday, March 3d, weplace on sale Spring Styles inNETTLETON SHOESthe' footwear "of distinction for men'AFTERosixJJT.1. teadLib atJ ..'1 Geo. McWilIiams I) m The Shoe Man lli9 I.. 7mimBBB''mmmai'mii'iaBaHamammmmmmmammammB&aMaHmt--' -mm urgingandtheandandyears old. The work done by 'both ofthese young ladies was that of artists.The program while classical, was nottedious. It was divided into fiveparts, two each for Miss JonesMiss Thiele. The fifth part ofprogram was the most brilliantthe most difficult. Misses JonesThiele were the recipients of showersof compliments, and at the close ofthe entertainment an informal reception was held in the parlors of theCollege. So enthusiastic was the audience that most everyone presenttook advantage of this opportunity.They returned Monday to the Conservatory to resume their work, and appear in June concerts in Cincinnati,even more brilliantly than they didhere en Saturday night.A man will mop off his man on .adirtty, greasy roller towel in a public 'place and think nothing of it. But ifhis wife beats him to using a towelWhen he is at home he wants tO fight. (Copyright, by McClure Syndicate.)HI"Cllk "LOCAL ICE COMPANY MAKINGGOOD PRODUCT FOR CONSUMERSWe Are Offering Now to the Public. Specials in Most Fashionablei ?" Styles ofSPRING FOOTWEAR. No matter what your ideas may be as to style and quality, you willfind it in our big assortment at prices lower than ever.Ladies' Patent Colonial, French HeelPumps, $5.00 value at $3.49- Ladies' Kid and Patent, Light Welt,Oxfords and Pumps, $4.00 value at... 2.99'Ladies' Pumps, Patent and GunMetal, Kidney Heel and the BabyDoll, $3.00 value at 2.49Ladies' Satin Pumps and Patent Colo- -nials,$3.00 value at 3 .9t9ladies' Gun Metal High Shoes andOxfords, $2.00 value at r.1.49Men's Famous Walk-Over, Tan andBlack, in all lasts and styles, highshoe and Oxford $4.50 and $4.00Men's Walk-Over, Tan and GunMetal, high shoe and Oxford 3.50Men's High Shoe and Low Cuts, Bea- .con Make, in all leathers, $4 value 3.507 v$fen's High Shoes and Oxfords, in alllasts, $4.00 and $3.50 value 2.99Men's Gun Meial, Button and Lace,$3.00 value at 1.99Misses! and Children's Shoes, In All Leathers and Styles, at Prices YouKnow You Cannot Duplicate Elsewhere.Mr. W. R. Pinnell, bacteriologist ofState University, Lexington, has justcompleted the analysis of a sample ofmelted ice sent him by a representa-.tive of the Paris Ice Manufacturing ,Company, in accordance with a gov-ernment order. According to Mr.Pinnell the product furnished by thelocal company is very good and hesubmitted the following report of theanalysis:Bacteria per c. c. 74; Coli, none; B.Typoists, none found; Lactose Bile 'fermentation tube, no . gas in 48hours; Dunhams tube, no indol in 6days. iWhen a man does anything cleverby accident his wife tells all theneighbors that she gave him theidea.CHARITY.There are some fellows in this land,I hate to say it, brother;Who give a dollar with one handAnd grab two with the other.Cincinnati Enquirer.There are some fellows in this land,I have a certain few in mind,Who will give you a helping handAnd then hick you from behind.Chuck.rLEINIHAIN'S"CashSpecialseTf "You Know the Value of Money, If You Appreciate BeautyIn Footwear, You Will Buy It PromID-JNT COHEN'25 lb. sack H. & E. Sugar 1.25(With a three dollar purchase)Large size can Tomatoes 10c3 cans Baby Bunton Corn 25cPride of Illinois Corn 10cCracked Rice, per lb .: 05cFancy Head Rice, per lb. . 10c2 cans Cu-Tu-No Red Salmon . . . 35cPalm Brand Peas, per can. 10cFox Lake Peas Per can 15cSugar Loaf Peas, per can .. . .20cBulk Coffee, per lb 20cLANCASTER PRIDE FLOUR25-pound sack .,. 80c50-pound sack. ' $1.55100-pound sack. . : : .4 3.00Stone's Wrapped Calces Received FresE-a OsISyII. Lc Lt2 iMIfiiCash Grocery,Both Phones 234C9IJr4Xj'A,c