Vf"A'?$jfTHEPUBLISHED" EVFRY TUESDAY AND FRIDAY IN THE YEAHVOLUME XXXIIPARIS, KENTUCKY, FRIDAY, AUGUST 14 1914..V-BOURBONNEWSD WARSTILL REARSGRIM FRONT.England Declares WarAgainst Austria onWednesday.TITANIC ARMYIS IN FIELD.The Preliminaries of a GreatBattle are NowStarting-.BOSTON, August 11. A desperatefa fight, presumably between aGerman bruiser and a British cruiser,v.as reported by officers of the UnitedTruit steamer, Loveland, which camein this afternoon from Banos, Cuba,The Loveland was so close to thebig war craft, they said, that everyshot that was fired shocked the Boston-boundvessel from bow to sternand caused consternation among thecrew.WASHINGTON, August 11. Reports that Great Britain has forbiddenthe landing of all foreigners on hershores caused Secretary Bryan tonight to cable Ambassador Page instructions to investigate, and, if hefinds the reports true, to lodge an urgent protest with the British Foreignoffice.COLOGNE, (By Courier To Antwerp) Aug. 11. The spire of the Cologne Cathedral ancc other cathedralsin Germany have been transformedinto well-equipped aeroplane defensestations. The newest form of aeroplane guns have been mounted in thebelfries. .LONDON, Aug. 12. A St. Petersburg dispatch to the Post says theRussian fleet is actively scouring theBaltic Sea. Twenty captured merchant vessels have been f,aken toCronstadt and their crews will be. removed to the intetrior as prisonrs ofwar.PARIS, Aug. 12. The bombardment by the Germans of Pont-a-Mousson,in the department of Muerthe and Moselle, about twenty milesnorthwest of Nancy, commenced yesterday morning. A hundred shells oflarge calibre fell in the town, killingor wounding a number of inhabitantsand demolishing buildings.BERLIN, Aug. 13. (via-London)The German troops near Muelhauen have captured ten French officers,IX) men, four guns, te"n wagons andh.a::y riues.According to the report, Germanterritory has been cleared of theFrench. It is also stated that at Lagarde the German troops took morethan a thousand prisoners, about onetixth of the two defeated French regiments. SHANGHAI. Aug. 13. Thel Japanese steamer Shikoku Maru was seriously damaged to-day and one of hercrew killed by a cannon shot firedfrom the British fort at Honkongvhile the vessel was entering theharbor. The Shikoku Maru paid noattention to the harbor regulations.Two warning shots were fired overLer bows but she did not stop and athird shell then struck her amidship.The government tug afterwards assisted the steamer to her berth.WASHINGTON, Aug. 13 J. P. Morgan & Company have inquired of theState Department what the UnitedStates government's attitude wouldhe toward a French Avar loan of several hundred millions to be boatedin this country.WASHINGTON, Aug. 13. The question of ways and means for raisingabout 100,000,000 to. offset the loss tothe United States in import duties expected to result from the EuropeanWar was up for discussion at a conference here to-day between Secretary McAdoo and Chairman Underwood, of the House Ways and MeansCommittee.Treasury experts had prepared astatement showing imports from thebarring countries and figures indicated taxes on liquors and by adding tothe income tax. The experts informally admit that the probable loss inrevenues may be nearly $100,000,000for the year.NEW YORK, Aug. 12. The American liner Philadelphia with the firstgreat crowd, of Americans, who rushed from Europe when the various nations declared war, arrived in NewYork to-night. There were 703 persons ,i the cabin and 309 in the steerage. Virtually all of them were without tLggage, many of them withoutmoney, and all had stories of hardships to tell.FOR RENT. .The store room 'on Main. Street recently occupied by Priohard & Ball'Garage. Apply to(aug4tf) PRIGHAJ & BALL,,THE HONORED DEAD.Body of Mrs. Woodrow Wilson Interred at Her Old Home.Mrs. Woodrow Wilson, wife of thenation's President, was Juried atRome, Ga., Tuesday, in Myrtle Hillcemetery. Rain fell in torrents whilethe casket was being lowered intothe grave, which bes'ide those of Mrs.Wilson's father and mother is almostwithin sight of the house in whichshe lived as a girl.As the train steamed into thR station, church bells throughout the citywere tolled. A wide space had beencleared about the station and thethousands of people assembled therestood back respectfully.More than 800 relatives and friendsof the Wilson and Arson families already were gathered in the littlechurch which Mrs. Wilson used to attend and of which the Rev. EdwardS. Axson was pastor there.As the President entered, followingthe casket, Chopin's funeral marchwas played. The simple, short service was conducted by the Rev. G. G.Sygnor, the local pastor.Two old hymns, girlhood favoritesof Mrs. Wilson, were sung by thechurch choir. The Rev. Mr. Sygnorthen read briefly from the Scriptureand spoke of the beauty and charityof Mrs. Wilson's life.As soon as the church services wasended the short journey to MyrtleHill cemetery was begun. Schoolgirls, dressed in white and holdinglaurel branches, lined the streetsthrough which the procession passed.Behind them were thousands, withbared heads bowed, silent and sorrowful. Services at the grave were briefand impressive in their simplicity.The President stood, head bowed, asthe final rites were performed. Ashe stood there with his daughters Mr.Wilson made no effort to conceal hisgrief.L.ess than four hours from the timethe funeral -train arrived the President was once "more on his specialcar returning to Washington.WAR TAXSoon May Be Assessed By Uncle SamTo Make Up CommerceShortage.The United States Government isconfronted with the possibility of aloss of more than $200,000,000 in itsannual income. It is a situation suchas the country has never faced before, and Uncle Sam is wonderingwith his hand in his pocket what heis going to do about it.The financial emergency hasarisen, from the prospect of almostcomplete cessation of European commerce owing to the conflagration ofwar which is sweeping the old worldand the consequent shutting off of theimport duties which are so large apart cf the nation's income.So far as Uncle Sam can see, andhe has not spoken officially about it,there is nothing for him to do saveto impose certain taxes upon his people and ask them to help him pay thenation's bills. At the time of thewar with Spain the Government paidthe expenses of the i conflict by theimposition of a stamp tax on wines,liquors, beers, deeds, checks, insurance policies and patent medicines.The belief now is that a similar taxwill have to be imposed if Uncle Samis to come anywhere near balancinghis voluminous books.Just now the commodities which, itis believed, will be taxed first are teaand coffee since their use is so universal that practically every one inthe country would pay a share of theimpost. Also there is a likelihoodthat checks will have to bear the burden of a stamp to make them valid.During the Spanish war there wasscarcely a murmur against the tax,so well and discretely did Uncle Samimpose it.NOTICE TO THE PUBLIC.I am pleased to announce to mymany patrons and to the public generally, that after being closed sinceMay 1st last, I have again resumedthe junk business.Highest market price paid for allkinds of iron, hides, etc. All goodsmust be delivered at the BaldwinCo.'s packing house on Cypressstreet extended. Those coming with!goods must notify me at my office onWest Eighth street, Paris, Ky. Mystock of scrap iron on Eighth streetwill be disposed of as soon as purchaser can be found.Respectfully,MAX MUNIC,(14-2t) E. T. Phone 374.TWO ELECTIONS TO BEHELD IN CLARK.In the Clark County Court lateWednesday, Judge J. M. Stevensonordered local option elections in thecounty as a whole and in the NorthWinchester precinct, the only "wet"precinct in the county, both electionsto be held on September 28. Fayette, Bourbon, Clark and Montgomerycounties will vote also on September28th.Judge Stevenson overruled a- petition" filed by the "wets" asking that,in the event of an election being held,any date other than September 28 bechosen.FINE EXCURSION-TRIP.Kentucky River excursion to Frankfort, Wednesday, Aug. 19. Roundtrip $1.00. Tram leaves Jfairs 8i25Nl. m., returning leave Ji'ranKrort &p.m. Auspices vtjacraca society joapufctChurckYVICTIM C ASSAULTIS BEATEN AND ROBBEDWhile ri'ii.uiiDg to his home on Cv-iS-qo T M,nday nisnt about10.30 o clock, after attending ameeting "of the Maccabees Lodge MrWill W Dudley, of this city, wfs'heldn? 5n - unknown negroes, robbedoi 560 in currency, and beaten up.The assaultT Occurred at a dark spoton the street between the rear entrance gate of the Paris cemetery andthe victim's home. As Mr. Dudleyapproached the spot he was suddenlygrasped by a man who pinned hisarms to his side, while another madea rapid search of his clothes. They!u.re( J"5 Pocket book containing?60 in lodge funds, which he was taking home for safe keeping. After securing the money, the men, who Dudley says were negroes, struck himseveral times with a blunt instrument, felling him .u the ground, andthen kicked him in the side severaltimes. He Was rendered unconsciousby the blows on the head, and uponregaining consciousness, made hisway to his home, where he draggedhimself upon the porch. His condition was discovered by his wife, who,with the assistance of neighbors, gothim in the house and notified thepolice. Officers who responded madea searching investigation, but wereunable to get a clew to the perpetrators of the deed.On Tuesday morning, Superintendent Wm. Smith, of the Paris Cemetery, found Dudley's pocket book in aclump of bushes near the Scene ofthe assault. It contained nothing buta few papers and lodge receipts,which the negroes considered worthless, ine ground in the neighborhood of where the assault occurredshowed evidences of a struggle. Mr.Dudley says he made as desperate resistance as possible under the circumstances. He could give only a slight description of the men, as the locality wherethe assault took place was dark, buthe could see that they were negroes,roughly dressed, and of mediumheight.The police are still investigatingthe case, but with little hope of apprehending the guilty parties..NEW OFFICERS ELECTED.The regular monthly business session of the Paris Epworth League washeld Monday night, at the Methodistchurch, with about thirty-five members present. The annual election ofofficers for the ensuing year occurredwith the following result:President Mr. Dennis V. Snapp, reelected for fourth time.Recording Secretary Miss FrancesHancock.Corresponding Secretary MissVella- Mastin.Treasurer Mr. Finnell Galloway.Junior Superintendent Mistf, Minnie Shy.The Constitution of the League recently revised by the last GeneralConference gives the President ofa Chapter the power to appoint thedepartment officers and the EpworthEra Agent, accordingly Mr. Snapp announced the following appointments:First Vice President Miss SaraPower.Second Vice President Mrs. S. TChipley.Third Vice President Miss Elizabeth Mann.Fourth Vice President Mrs. Jas.Grinnell, Jr.Epworth Era Agent Mr. LutherGrinnell.The newly elected officers will beinstalled on Sunday evening, August23, by the pastor, Rev. J. S. Sims, ofthe Methodist Church.CATTLE RAISERSHolding Back Supplies To Force Upthe Cost of Living.jAn advance of from 2 to 5 cents inthe price of meats in the local marketcaused the Chicago Butchers' Association Tuesday to call a meeting to inquire into the causes for the jump inprices. The wholesale firms assertedthat the cause back of the sharp alvance in meats was the small receipts of animals at the stock yards.Cattle raisers, they declared, wereholding back for an expected bigjump in prices. Live stock receiptsat the stock yards Tuesday, as compared with a year ago, were: 1913,cattle 14,000, hogs 39,000, sheep 37,000; 1914, cattle 12,000, hogs 16,000,sheep 24,000."The wholesale price of pork loinshas been raised 10 cents a pound inten days," said John T. Russell, President of the Union Master Butchersof America. "The present price isunjustifiable."The reason why a pretty younggirl "marries a wealth yold crab forlove and not his money is because aduck has to practice for six years before it learns to swim.BECKHAM'S PLURALITY 5,848.Returns from 116. counties in theState primary give former GovernorBeckham 70,804, Congressman Stanley 64,956 and Governor McCreary "20,039. Beckham's plurality is 5,848.The counties to be reported areHart, Mercer, Powell and Clinton. Itis believed that Beckham's majoritywill be between 6,500 and 6,700 votes.Friends of Congressman Stanley have j ,decide'd tocirculate a petition asking 1him to seek the Democratic nomina-jtion for Governor in the next State J ,primary.LATER Former Governor J. C. W.Beckham .received a plurality of 6,806votes over Congressman A. O. Stanley in the State primary. Complete vreturns give - Beckham 72,677 ; k Stan- vlev. 65.871. and McCreary, 20,257,'making a total, of 158,805 rotes cast. ,DEATHSLANCASTER.After an illness of several weeks,following a complication of brainfever and other troubles, City Electrician Howard Lancaster, aged 32years, died at his home, on Secondstreet, Tuesday afternoon, at 4:30o'clock.About a year ago Mr. Lancastersuffered a fall striking on his headand sustained injuries from which henever fully recovered. About threeweeks ago he was taken suddenly illand his physicians diagnosed histrouble as brain fever, complicatedwith symptoms of typhoid fever.Specialists from Lexington were called in COnqiiltntinn inf Tiov rtiioffer n rllief Partial naralvss ofr. , y icxiei. x-d,iiid,i paralysis ortne leit side ensued, and Mr. Lan-'I f - t ,ww ,.. . u ,.naster mflnaiw L-J JL ' , St. I ter city last week, at the Vine Streetsufferings wm-P phpH Tw ,wh wnaasufferings were ended by death Tuesday afternoon.Howard Lancaster was one of thebest known and most popular youngmen in the city of his -birth. Priorto liis acceptance of the position ofCity Electrician of Paris, he hadbeen in the employ of the EastTennessee Telephone Co., in this city,and was held in high esteem by themanagement and universally popularamong the 'employes, being possessedof a genial temperament that madehim lasting friends. After serving inthe capacity of City Electrician, succeeding Mr. Edward Hite, now Chiefof the Maysville Fire Department, heresigned and accepted a position inthe Lexington offices of the Lexington and Eastern Railroad as Superintendent of the telephone system, where he remained severalmonths. Returning to Paris he resumed his former position in thecity's service which he filled withmarked ability and fidelity.Mr. Lancaster was a son of Mr.Charles J. and the late Mrs. AlicePayne Lancaster, his mother dyingseveral years ago. He is survived byhis wife, Mrs. Anna Sagaser Lancaster, and two children, his father, Mr.Chas. J. Lancaster, two brothers,Prof. Prentice Lancaster and UllmanLancaster, and one sister, Mrs. FrankBurton, all of Paris.Mr. Lancaster was a member of theBourbon Lodge No. 23, I. O. O. F.,and Paris Lodge of Maccabees, bothof which participated in the funeraland burial services.The funeral services were held yesterday afternoon at 3 o'clock at theMethodist church, conducted by Rev.J. S. Sims. The burial followed inthe family lot in the Paris cemetery,the Bourbon Lodge of Odd Fellowsand the Maccabees joining in the bur-9mFRANK &,12554"4FRANK fcThe Store Where Reliabilityvial services of the respective orders.The pall-bearers were: ClarenceThomas, Pearce Paton, Logan Howard, J. W. King, John Merringer,James Cravens.BAKER.Raphael Baker, the twenty-twomonths old son of Mr. GranvilleBaker, died on the farm of Mr. JacobKeller near Kiserton, at noon, Tuesday, after a short illness. The bodywas interred in the Paris cemeteryWednesday afternoon at 2 o'clock.LWORTHINGTON BLAKEThe marriage of Miss Marthavvi tmiis luu, t-uimvuy ui una city, toMr WiIliam Morgan Blake' of Nasl1'V1-ii0 rpOT1T, woo fl0iQKTOtQ ,-n i,n intWorthington, formerly of this city, toChristian church. Rev. CareyE.Morgan, pas"tor of the church, andformerly of Paris, performed the ceremony. The groom is a member ofthe staff of the Nasville Banner. Thebride is a daughter of Mr. VachelWorthington, who was formerly inthe lumber business in this city.GILBERT WISSING.Mr. Bernard Wissing and MissEllla Gilbert, both of Cincinnati,came to Paris, Monday, and, after securing a marriage license from County Clerk Pearce Pa4pn, were marriedat the Catholic Church by Rev. Father Eugene DeBruyn. Mr. and Mrs.Wissing returned to Cincinnati thesame afternoon. The bride is a sisterof Mrs. Dan Sullivan, of this city.HOUSEWIVES ON WATCH.The National Housewives' LeagueTuesday sent the following notice tomembers throughout the UnitedStates:"Call a meeting to consider theprices of foodstuffs in your city. Investigate from every angle. Honestmerchants will not take advantage ofthe present war crisis to advanceprices, but we must have the subjectwell in hand to protect the consumerfrom any unwarranted rise. Watchprices and report any advance to theNational Executive Committee."KENTUCKY RIVER EXCURSIONThe Baraca Class of the BaptistChurch will conduct an excursion toFrankfort and Kentucky River onWednesday, August 19. Round trip$1.00. Tickets on sale all day Saturday at Peoples's Bank corner. Onlyabout 300 will besold, better speakearly.MATRMQNIANow Going On!iI'itI'Ili'lli''i''MSt''5','S''I''''vSPECIAL OFFERINGOFLadies' and Misses' SuitsWorth Regularly 220.00 and $25.00$5.00NOWEACHLadies' vanu Misses' SergeDresses, Worth Regularly 7.50 and $10.00 '$3.95NOWEACHThese Suits and Dresses .Worthy of Your CarefulInspection.sADDITIONAL SOCIAL -AND PERSONAL,.Mr. Leer Stout left yesterday for"a tour of the Great vakes.Mr. Charlton Clay leaves tfor Les Chenaux, Mich., fortended stay. ,Mr. John Barrow, of Lexingto. isguest at the home of Mr. and. lrs.Volney Ferguson.Misses Dorothy and Bessie Goodwin, of Covington, are guests of tkoiranut, Mrs. Douglas Thomas.Mrs. William Ardery was a gWMfrof her parents, Rev. and Mrs. L J.Spencer, in Lexington, yesterday-Misses Mayme and Bess HoU&day will leave Monday for a viait torMr. and Mrs. Clayton Stevens, atSummitt, New Jersey,Mrs. William Clarke, who habeen residing in this city at the boatof the late Dr. C. J. Clarke, will leaverto-day for California to make her future home.Miss Irene Bramblette is entertaining a house party at her home o&Fithian Avenue, in White Addition.The guests are Misses Florence Barry, Pauline, Elizabeth and Sarah.Levi, of Cynthiana,Misses Elizabeth and Ruth.Wheeler, of this city, were guests atan entertainment given in CarlisleTuesday afternoon by Mrs. Pevie Feeback and Mrs. G. E. Young, for theirniece, Miss Marie Cheatham.Mr. Ralmond Renaker, of Cincinnati, formerly of Cynthiana, was a. vcaller at The News office yesterday..Mr- Renaker, who is the general salesman for Mabley & Carew, on thefifth floor, is on a vacation trip,, ofeight days, and is spending it in eight tdifferent towns in Central Kentucky-ivnsses Virginia Dundon and Louise Connell, of this city, were members of a party given by their hosteie.Miss Anita Sower, of Frankfort, toBlue Grass Park, in Lexington, Tries-'day evening. Other members of theparty were Miss Legrand Geary, ofMidway, Mary Logan, of PineviUe,and Katherine Weitzel, of Ironton, O.After the party had enjoyed the attractions of the park, they returned to.Miss Sower's home, where theywound up the evening's pleasure with,a supper. Miss Sower and her guestsmotored to Midway, Wednesday eTening, accompanying Miss Geary homeand spending the evening as herguest. Misses Connell and Dundonreturned home yesterday.REFRIGERATORS REDUCED.Read these prices Refrigerator,35.00 kind, now $25.00, while, theylast. The New Iceberg and theOdorless.(7-tf) A. F. WHEELER & CO.r v -wCO.43444444444444444444t4444MOare4444444rCO.Reigns. . 'fvU'm-'THE BOURBON NEvVi PAWS, KENTUCKY, . AUGUST K W14.vLi UifrvIIi '1r-Vjy-rfFhU,i1 C'r .- V'X!4&A.Jtttttxtm h -food raocfies tllf .1 ..anf Ktr 4-liaT cnurame ?; uj ..Dr. Pierce's Medical Adviser, page ). mine uyer, iiiBj- .skin, the blood is purified I of ! its SSiSS.numunChuifnflas human niters, leaving xne uiuuu muw ...- -----.digestive tract and kidneys are clogged.Dr. Pierce's GoldenMedical Discoveryis a stomach, liver and-kidney tonic by assistingthe stomach to assimilate, the liver to niter, thekidneys to act the poisons are removed, the red bloodcorpuscles are increased and one feels light, fresh andactiveinstead of logy, dull and heavy. The "Discovery" sfamutrzir !, JoM, ?nnrpaRpa action of heart and arteries and is a most satisfactory alterative blood-taint o any characterThe refreshing influence of this extract of native medicinal plants hasbn favoSwf kno "for over forty years, Everywhere some neighborcan tell you of the good it has done.SoUbyanmedicmedealersinliquidortaMetfomtoriendSOtme-centtfrnnp to Dr. V. M. PIERCE, Buffalo, N. Y.. a trial box tmUbe martedyotx.IF YOU HAVE AHOME TELEPHONEUse It For YourLong Distanceas consistently as you do for your local business. Youcan reach the party you want quickly andjjget efficientservice at reasonable rates over the 'zHome Long Distance Lines.If lido not have a Home Telephone. now, call the'Manager's office, 427, for rates and have it'installecL 'Sbe Paris Rome telephone ana Cekgrapb Co.(Incorporated)J. J. VEATCH, District Manager.erLENIHAIN'SCASH SPECIALS!20 pounds Granulated Sugar 1.00(with a 3.00 purchase.)25 pounds Purity Flour 7550 pounds Purity Flour 1.5025 poundsRed Cross Flour 7550 pounds Eed Cross Flour 1.5025'pounds Lancaster Flour 6550 pounds Lancaster Flour 1.3017 pounds Magnolia Flour 3525 pounds Magnolia Flour 65VI as on Fruit Jars, Rubber, SealingWax, Paraff ine.Stone's Silver Slice Cakes ReceivedFresh Every rDay.T.C. LENIHAN,Cash Grocery.ft Both Phones 234clSPECIAL TRAIN EXCURSIONCINCINNATI AND RETURNSunday, aug, 16, 1914$1.25RoundTripSPECIAL TRAINLeaves GEORGETOWN 7:45 a.m.ASK TICKET AGENT FOR PARTICULARS.H. M. HAMILTONVETERINARIANOffice, Clarke's Drug StorePhones 50. Eesidence phones:Cumberland 546, Home 449.PARIS, KY.Omaty Live Stock Inspector.-&jSS&ia3SS jratwTllal- -- "--.--,. .., ,jCHAS. B. HARRIS, Cashier.s'9kWA1.25RoundTripExpert CarriagePainter-Mr. Percy Halm, the expert Carriage Painter, who has been employed by Holiday & Sttle, and also theirsuccessor, Mr. C. M. Heck, for thepast 8 vers, has opened a shop at thecorner of Fouth and High Streets, andsolicits the patronage of those needing anything in his line.Both 'Phones 583. . '1The' Bourfcfon NewsEstablished 188132 Years of Continouous Publication.SWIFT CHAMP, Editor and Owner.(Entered at the I arts, Kentucky,Postoffice as Mail Matter of theSecond Class.)One Year ?2.00 Six Months. $1.00Payable in Advance.Published Every Tuesday and FridayADVERTISING RATESDisplay Advertisements, $1.00 perInch for first time; 50 pents per incheach subsequent instertion.Reading Notices, 10 cents per lineeach issue; reading notices in blacktype, 20 cents per line, each issue.Cards of thanks, calls on candidates, obituaries and resolutions, andsimilar matter, 10 cents per line.Special rates for large advertisemnts and yearly contracts.The right of publisher is reservedto decline any advertisement or othermatter offered for publication.Space is a newspaper's stock intrade and source of revenue.FOOD STUFF SOARS.The War in Europe Effects the PricesEverywhere.The European war lias already begun to affect the supply of practicallyevery commodity consumed by Parispeople, and in nearly every case thismeans an increase in price.This fact, which will cause deepconcern to every man and woman ofmoderate means, and may mean genuine distress to the poor, is substantiated by the constant upward trendof prices in the wholesale market,and which will sooner or later be feltin every retail store in the city, aswell as throughout vne United States.In the matter of foodstuffs, theserising prices are already beginning tobe felt. Housekeepers who twomonths ago could buy sugar for preserving at five cents per pound arenow obliged to pay between sevenand eight. Rice is up a cent, curedmeats are two cents higher, coffee isup three cents. Fresh meats are feeling the effect of the general upwardrise and are two to four cents apound higher, although the westerncattle ranges are beaginning to beswept for the fall beef shipment, andthe export markets are glutted withfat cattle which are awaiting safeshipment to Europe.The same is true of wheat andflour.sAFFAIRS IN MEXICO.Shaping of Transfers of GovernmentTo The Rebels.SAN LOIS POTOSI,' Mexico, Aug.11. Surrender of Mexico City wasformally demanded of President Carbajal Sunday by General Obregon,who, with a large force, occupies aposition at El Alto, 10 miles from thecapital. This was announced to-dayat Constitutional headquarters here.MEXICO CITY, Aug. 11. A twohours' Cabinet council was held Monday, and while nothing regarding thediscussion was made public, it is believed details of the transfer of theprovisional government to the Constitutionalists was the chief theme.A special train was being held atthe Buena Vista station this evening, presumably awaiting the departure from the capital of President Carbajal. A commission of followers of thelate President Madero was expectedto leave soon to confer with GeneralObergon regarding the best methodfor the entry of the Constitutionalists. SUMMERCOUGHS AREOUS.DANGER-Summer coughs are dangerous.They indicate low vitality and oftenlead to serious Throat and LungTroubles, including Consumption. Dr.King's New Discovery will relieve thecougr or cold promptly and preventcomplications. It is soothing and antiseptic and makes you feel better atonce. To delay is dangerous get abottle of Dr. King's New Discovery atonce. Your money back if -not satisfied. 50c and $1.00 bottles at yourDruggist.(adv aug.)The salt contained in the oceans isestimated at more than 48,900,000cubic miles, or enough to cover thej United States with a layer 1.6 milesdeep.The Sweet Things are all CandyKids before marriage. After thatmost of them turn to Lemon Drops.CONSTIPATION CAUSES SICKNESS. Don't permit yourself to becomeconstipated, as your system immediately begins to absorb poison fromthe backed-up waste matter. Use Dr.King's New Life Pills and keep well.There is no better safe-guard againstillness. Just take one dose to-night.25c, at your druggist.(adv aug.)The world is growing better. Nowadays a man can make a reputationas a good doctor without growing aset of whiskers.I may be finicky. But High Idealsand a dirty shirt waist never seemto gee.To a man a woman is interestingbecause she isn't a man. To a womana man 'is interesting because he isn'ta woman.Women used to wear clothes toplease the men. Nowithey,go with-, out them to "please the men.SORT.Is the Estimate of the Burley TobaccoCrop Thi Year.LEXINGTON4 KY.,$ Aug-. 11. Reports by the Burley Tobacco Company ' officials received in Lexingtonfrom all parts of the Burley districtindicate that the crop of white burley tobacco this year will fall shortof that of last year.From the most reliable estimatesat hand this year's crop will be about85 per cent, of that of 1913. Government statistics, according to thestatement of a Burley official to-day ,foiiu y tuai xaou jcai o uua5gicgaicu215,000,000 pounds.A shrinkage of 15 per cent, willmean that the crop will be short approximately 32,000,000 pounds, andthis shortage will, it is believed materially boost the 'price at the beginning of the buying season which isexpected to open in November.The shortage of the crop is said tobe due to a "bad stand" followed bythe effects of the protracted drouthwhich retarded the growth of theweed.President Clarence LeBus is in California for his health and SecretaryJ. M. Rankin is in Louisville, wherehe now spends most of his time atthe big Burley factory there. Consequently it could not be learned whatthe plans of the Burley Company arerelative to handling the crop the coming season. It was stated, however,by a Lexington official of the company that the company has seventeenloose-leaf warehouses, including the"Big Burley" in Lexington, and thatall of them will be operated as theywere last year.The official quoted above said thathe did not believe that the shortagein the crop would effect to an appreciable extent the receipts of the Lexington Loose-Leaf market and thatabout the same amount of burleywould be offered for sale there thecoming season as at the last.No time has as yet been fixed bythe Tobacco Exchange for the opening of the Lexington market.PREVENTION OF HYDROPHOBIA.To the Peace Officers, Health Officer and the People of Kentucky:A recent examination of dags'heads from widely separated sections of the State shows an alarmingprevalence of hydrophobia. Underthe authority conferred upon it bylaw, the State Board of Health hereby requests and directs all personsowning valuable dogs to keep themupon their own premises or to havethem carefully muzzled, and Sheriffs,Chiefs of Police, Constables and thepeople generally are hereby requested and directed to destroy, as painlessly as possible, all unmuzzled dogsrunning at large, with a view to thepretention of hydrophobia. Failureto observe this request is punishableby fine before any magistrate.Through arrangements with theUnited States Public Health Service,the State Boar! of Health is enabledto give the Pasteur treatment at theBacteriological Laboratory, BowlingGreen, Kentucky, wilhout expense, toindividuals who have been bitten byrabid dogs or other animals. Dogs'heads suspected of being mad shouldbe sent to the Laboratory, by expressprepaid, and the result of the examination will be telephoned or telegraphed. This board takes this occasion toinform the people of Kentucky thatmad stones are useless if one is really bitten by an infected animal. Theiruse gives a false sense of securityand their use is forbidden by law.Civen under our hands and theseal of the State Board o f Health,this August 11, 1911.J. G. SOUTH, Pres.A. T. McCORMACK, Secretary.fered with terribleache, pains in my limbs,and my head ached nearlyall the time. Our familydoctor treated me, butonly gave me temporaryrelief. I was certainly inbad health. My schoolteacher advised me toTAKECarduiThe Woman's TonicI took two bottles, in all,and was cured. I shallalways praise Cardui tosick and suffering women." If you suffer frompains peculiar to weakwomen, such as headache, backache, or other'symptoms of womanlytrouble, or if you merelyneed a tonic for that tired,nervous, worn-out feeling, try Cardui. e-65Ouicklv relieves Rheumatism. Sore Muscles. Neuralgia. Backache. Headache andall Dama. Your monpv back if it failB to t itlieva any ache in any Dart of the bodr J41uitcen minutes time.Price 60c, At A.U Druggists,Free sampls and circular Mnt on request.BOURBON REMEDY COMPANY.342 East Main St., Ltxltiaton, Ky.THIRTY-TWO MILLIONffw iyS5iSiSSSGlflBackache lisI III iss Myrtle Cothrum, II IIII of Russellville, Ala., says: 1 19 QJJtl "For nearly a year, I suf- UJXX fered with terrible back- X Xworth lookinit's the recondbehindThere are thousands of houses all over the country, many ofthem in this state, from the owners of which this statementcan be verified.4 For Sale byBEST & HAWKINS, Millersbprg, Kentucky.&&;BourbonDWIS &Telephone No. 4.wV!& ""I rBourbon Laundry,Paris Kentucky.WP'We don' t expect all our friends tobe customers, but all our customerswho useFOX RIDGE COALGROUND FEEDAND SANIFECTare our friends.Dodson DentonParis, Ky.Yaris, Snh Miin St. BDtli Phones 14 0(gfee5QHicxAfcGEO, W. DAVISFUNERAL DIRECTOR AND LICENSED EMBALMER.BOIH'PHOKES DAT 137; NIGHT 299.WB (i j f P VPans Odorless Cleaning Co.Let us Make that Last Winter's Suit or OvercoatLook Like New.You will be surprised when we send your clothes home,and will wonder why you have not tried us before.All Work Guaranteed SatisfactoryMen's and Ladies' Panama and StraV Hats Cleaned andReblockedto your satisfaction.We Call Tor and Deliver Work.Call up E. T. Phone 40.Paris Odorless Cleaning Co., Sam Levy, Proprietor.White Kid Gloves Cleaned, short, 10c; long 25c:One application soothes and heals a rouehpimplyskin,and,vhenrepeated.quicklyeffectia cure. Eczema, Erysipelas, Tetter, Ulcers andan skin diseases jield to its curative properties.sue a box. At all Druggists.Send for free sample and hook. "Health and Beauty.'JOHNSTON, HOLLO WAY & CO.,1730 Spring Garden St., PMU., Pa.rstill in good conditionMwlaBJSfllXivr!lwLaundryFUNK, Props.West.5 StreetWWwwwwwWe Take Pleasure.in oing up the finest shirtwaists .or anything in the1 onnrlTr lino Tiaf ia wViairmade ihe Bourbon Laundrt wfamous foi- fine work and it 4yrlpvPT rrnp.s hEfit on its renn- Vtation. If you are particularabout how your linen islaundered, your custom is thekind we want as we like toappreciateeWFOR SALE.One 3-horse-power gas or gasolineengine. "Will sell cheap. Apply toHENRY GROSCHE.FOR RENT.Cottage of three rooms and hath, onSeventh Street. Call Horn Phonei !' r ''3gjjsi313 or B. T. Phone 579.r V J-Vr&" 41? i "LSs.K., wr y, -.-V Jf- j.t. jzlr -r'J?Vm'mam!'M -'-r- .'0v-fof- 'i'iFsTTHE OURBONNEWS, PARIS;M A. . - - rr . -- - - -ETUC3RY AUGUST 1.4; 11B14;iVi)iSSBONEROPOf BOURBON POULTRY CUREdown a chick's throat curesgapes, A few drops in thedrinking water cures andprevents cholera, diarrhoeaand other chick diseases. One50c bottle makes 12 gallons ofmedicine -At all druggists.Sample and booklet on "Diseases of Fowls" sent FREE., Bourbon Remedy Co. Lexington, IjET?rmfFi1ffi';E"!f' the Lamp Oil thatSaves EyesNothing is rcore iTnw.TtBTit. ? ihohome ban rei r. steadv light. Injurethis by setting the cil that burnsclear nnl rKtn without a fl'pkrdown to te lit drrp. Pnnsrlvaniai ct'-'ieoii r::iui ti perfection., 'vts no moe than the inferiort fntwMnn oiN ives MONEY savesJj WORK avi evpn.C Your dealer he-; SOLITE OIL inE bi rrsls direct f : os our works.f Cfias. C. Stoll Oil Go.nLfJxsRgton, Ey.Rfmry at Warren. Pa.We sell the ctlebraied "2?o Carb"Auto Oil.SPECIAL TO WOMENThe most economical, cleansing andgermicidal of all antiseptics isfjalitA soluble Antiseptic Powder tobe dissolved in water as needed.As a medicinal antiseptic for douchesin treating catarrh, inflammation orulceration of nose, throat, and thatcaused by feminine ills it has no equal.For ten years the Lydia E. PinkhamIIedicine Co. has recommended Paxtinein their private correspondence withwomen, "which proves its superiority."Women who have heen cured sayit is "worth its weight in gold." Atdruggists. 50c. large box, or by mail.The Paxton Toilet Co., Boston, Mass.To the Creditors of GeorgeAlexander & Co. StateBank.NOTICE .The creditors o the above name(George Alexander & Company StateBank are hereby notified to file theirclaims with the undersigned, verified as required by law, at my officeat the Bourbon Bank & Trust Company's place of business in Paris,Kentucky, on or before September 1,1914; and all depositors of said bankare requested to bring in and leavewith the undersigned their passbooks, in order that they may beposted.BUCKNER WOODFORDSpecial Deputy Banking Commissioner. (22-Fri 3mos.)UROPEANWBRIEFLY TOLD-.-.!Ma1 Bios.Barber Shop.Prompt and Courteous Attention to All Patrons.HOT AND COLD BATHS.Popular Price ExcursionTo Cincinnati and ReturnSunday, Aug. 16, 1314,$1.50for the Round TripTn.fs:'(v tfFrSpecial train leaves Paris, Ky., 8:20a. m., returning leoves CincinnatiFourth Street Station 7:00 p. m.Curtis SOverbyBusiness Men's Barber Shop,(Next to Bourbon Bank)3 - CHAIRS - 3Expert BarbersPolite AttentionHot and Cold Baths at AHoursNo Long Waits.A Share of the Public Pal.ronage Solicited.lewBarberSliopCorner Fourth and MainModern EquipmentPolite Service.Everything Sanitary.Children's Work a Specialty.CARL CRAWFORDIN BULLETINS.DEVELOPMENTS IN EUROPEANCONFLICT.Diplomatic relations betweenFrance and Austria have been brokenand the Ambassadors have left thecapitals. The French foreign officein a statement says the initiative wastaken by France because Austriantroops were aiding the Germans.The French are advancing in Alsace, but against what opposition isnot known.The Germans occupy the city ofLiege, while the 'Belgian troops holdthe forts. The Belgian official view isthat the situation is quite satisfactory. Strong forces guard all the approaches to Brussels.The Austrians before Servia arestill bombarding Belgrade, while partof the Servian army is taking theoffensive in Bosnia.The North Sea is again closed tothe fishing fleets, which is regardedas significant in view of the fact thatthere" are large British and Germanfleets in that water.The German cvuiser Karlsruhe,which arrived at San Juan, PortoRico, reported an engagement Fridaynight on the Bahamas with four British and French cruisers.The French government forbids thepublicatin of the French casualitieslist, so that Germans may not knowthe movements of the French troops.,All Germans and Austrians in Belgium must declare themselves within24 hours" or they will be arrested asspies.JAPS UNDER ARMS.Recent Bulletins From the EuropeanConuict.JAPANESE TO ATTACK GERMANPOSSESSIONS IN FAR EAST.SHANGHAI, Aug. 11. The captainof a Japanese vessel which arrivedhere to-day reported that 45,000 Japanese soldiers and embarked ontransports and were awaiting orders.He said he believed their destination was Tsin Tan, the Germanpossessions in China.Several Australian warships havejoined the British squadron in EastAsiatic waters.BRITISH CAPTURE TREASURESHIP. .LONDON, Aug. 11. The HamburgAmerican line steamer Cap Ortegal,with $5,000,000 in specie aboard hasbeen captured by the British, according to the Daily Mail. The liner sailed from Buenos Aires on July 16 forSouthampton.CANCER CURED.I guarantee every case I undertake; 20 years practice; reference, any citizen of Paris.DR. WM. R. SMITH,Paris, Ky.UHLANS LOOT TOWN SAFE ATTONGERES.BRUSSELS, (Via Paris) Aug. 11.Le Sori says that German Uhlanstook $3,520 from the two treasury andpostoffice at Tongres and forthwithexpended $240 for food, as they werehungry.1KeepsX "( Quality)VUgysrSr &j ii awasssssssssamfiSlsriV fTaBSSSSSSSSSSBm MPriceDownDouble ValueInTimtoneVolumeTHE big difference in quality betweenFirestones and ordinary tires wouldmake Firestones cost much moreunder ordincy conditions.But Firestone conditions are not ordinary.The picked experts of the tire making industrybuild Firestone tires.The largest exclusive tire factory in Americaproduces Firestone tires.The most efficient distributing system in America markets Firestone tires.That's why these tires have the quality and endurance to beat all the tires of the world and stillcome to you at only average price.The record of races won on Firestone Tires hasbeen spectacular. Their road-work in daily grindhas clinched the Firestone sloganMost Miles per Dollar xTherefore choose Firestones for the common-sensereason of Firestone quality put out in enormous quantityby specialists who make nothing else.See the Firestone Dealer NOW.You pay only ordinary price andget the Extraordinary in Service.Firestone Tire and Rubber Company'A merica 3sLa rgest Exclusive Tire and Rim Makers213-215 East Eighth Street, Cincinnati, O.Hoae Office aad Factory: Akren, 0. Branches and Dealers EverywhereuTV-1STATE CONVENTION OF CHRISTIAN CHURCH AT ASHLAND.BLUE GRASS PARK!Bathing and Boating.-.t-!1!Natural Bridge,1.50Sunday, Aug. 16TRAIN LEAVES 10 A. M. a ,-&&., 7Low Tound trip Summer iTouristtickets to all principal tourist pointsin Georgia, Kentucky, North Carolina,South Carolina, Tennessee, Virginia,"West Virginia, Canada, Michigan,New York, Vermont, California, Colorado, Montana, Minnesota, Wisconsin,Washington and Oregon, on sale dailyMay 15, until Sept. 30, with final return limit Oct 31, with very liberalstop-over privileges. For further information call on or addressJ. K. SMITH, T. A.,orW. H. HARRIS, Agt.Professional CardsJ. S. Wallingford, I. D.office on Sixth Street,Between Main and High,'Phones 31 PARIS, KY.Free- DANCING -FreeAfternoon and Evening.Musicby Schemnel's OrchestraPARIS INTERURBAN SCHEDULECITY CAR ONLY.Dr. Wm. Kenney,PARIS, KENTUCKY.Office 514 Main Street.Office Phones j glkf,n.A ( E. T. 334.Residence Home 334.LVe. Court House. Lve. Station 547:10 a m , 7,15 a m7.45 am ' , 8.00 a m8.15 am . ' - 8.30 a m8.45 a m ' l.y . , " 9.00 a m9.15 a m . ', I ' ' v 9.30 a m9.45 am ".'"" 10.00 a m10.15 am ' " 10.30 a m10.45 a m 11.00 a m11.15 a m 11.30 a m11.45 a m ' 11.50 a m12:05 p m 12.15 p m12.45 p m , 1-00 p m1.15 p m 1.30 p m1.45 p m - 2.00 p m2.15 p m 2.30 p m2.45 p m 3.00 p m3.15 p m 3130 p m3.45 p m 4.00 p m4.15 p m 5.00 p m5.15 p m 5.30 p m5.40 p m 5.50 p m6.05 p m 6.15 p m6.30 p m 6.40 P mCity Limits Only.GERMANS SEIZE $25,000,000 RUSSIAN FUNDS; ENOUGH FOODTO LAST YEAR.LONDON, Aug. 1. A CentralNews dispatch from Berlin, datedMonday, says the Russian fundsseized by the German government inBerlin banks are said to total $25,-000,000.A special, commission appointed bythe government in Germany reportsthat the country has a sufficient stockof food to last for a year.Emperor William has given $100,000 to the German Red Cross Societyand a similar sum for relief of families of soldiers killed or wounded inthe fighting.KENTUCKY TRACTION & TERMINAL COMPANY.Interurban Schedule.Leave Lexinaton Leave ParitBRITISH CRUISERS IN NEW YORKHARBOR.NEW YORK, Aug. 11. The Britishcruiser Suffolk steamed into the entrance to New York harbor and towithin a mile and a half of the barthis morning, clearing the way for asafe passage for the British trampsteamer New York City, from Maderia. Aboard the New York City were important dispatches for the British consul here, paced there Ty officers ofthe Suffolk an hour before.The Suffolk's officers told officersof the New York City that they hadcaptured a German oil tank steamerhad sighted a supposedly Germancruiser with a consort recently andhad given chase to the vessel butthat they had eluded her.The State Convention of the Christian Church of Kentucky will be heldthis year at Ashland, Ky., on Aug. 31to Sept. 3. This will be the firsttime in the history or the ChristianChurch that a State Convention hasmet in Eastern Kentucky. TheChristian Church has spent a greatdeal of money in Eastern Kentucky,,yet the church has never held aState Convention farther east thanMt. Sterling.The program this year will be thebest ever presented at one of theseconventions. Among the speakerswill be R. M. Hopkins, R. N. Simpson, M. G. Buckner, F. M. Tinder, E.L. Powell, W. N. Briney, J. W. Hagan,J. D. Armistead, W. A. Fite, Prof. E.E. Snoddy, Mrs. Ida Withers Harrison, Mrs. John Gay, Mrs. JosephineStearns, Mrs. Mary S. Walden, Prof.J. W. Hatcher, Clye Darsie, Mrs.Louise L. Campbell, H. W. Carpenterand others. W. M. Hackleman willhave charge of the music.The pople of Ashland exeted a mosthearty welcome. The homes of thecity will be open on the same basisas other conventions. One dollar forlodging and breakfast will be thePlease write Mr. W. A. Manning,701 E. Winchester Ave., Ashland,Kentucky, before August 28, 1914,thath e may assign you to a homeand advise you before leaving home.Come even though you have not advised Mr. Manning and we will doour best to take care of you.Upon reaching Ashland go to theMethodist Episcopal Church, South,near the C. & O. depot for registration and assignment, provided youhave not been previously assigned.IN OLD KENTUCKY.GERMAN WAR SHIP AT 'FRISCO.SAN FRANCISCO, Aug. 11. A German man-of-war was sighted sixteenmiles outisde the Gulden Gate at 10a. m. to-day. Taken in connectionwith the finding of flotsam m from aBritish war ship last night and to-dayher presence had significance. Thedescription would agree with eitherthe Leipsig of the Nuremberg.A Strange "Varmint."A strange wild animal has beenseen on A. E. King's farm and otherplaces in the neighborhood by a number of people in thelast week or so.The animal is much larger than adog, dark brown or black in color,and is said to resemble a kangaroo.It is supposed to have escaped froma show and to be living in the woodson Mr. King's farm. Bedford Democrat.A Very Hot Shot.Editor Jim TiltoK, of the CarlisleAdvocate, hand's a delinquent candidate the following "hot shot," whichwill be appreciated by all publisherswho have had similar experiences:"They have pay as you enter streetcars and hereafter The Advocate willhave 'pay as you enter' a politicalcampaign. This resolution comesafter The Advocate got touched fora ten spot, by J. Roe Young, of Maysville, who sought the Democraticnomination for Congress in the NinthDistrict, and whose announcement appeared in The Advocate. It was theintention of The Advocate' to withdraw Mr. Young's announcement lastweek, but he wrote us that he wouldbe in Carlisle the following day. Hecame here all right, but the ten wenever got, yet."DR. A. H KBLIiEB,Practicing Physician,Offices, Rooms 4 and 5, Elk's Bid gParis - KentnclrjJ J. WrLiLilAMfe,ATTORKEY-AT-LAFFor Paris6.00 a m7:20 a m8:00 a m8:50 a m10:20 a m11:50 a m1:20 p m2:50 q. m3:30 p m4:20 p m v.;5:00 p m6:00 p m7:20 p m .9:10 pm11:00 -p mfor Lexington6:45 a m7:30 a m8:15 a m9:00 a m9:45 a m11:15 a m12:45 p m2:15 p. m3:45 p m4:30 p m5:15 p m' l . 6:05 p msti: 50 ,p m3 fi 1 K vn tyi10:05 p mWATCHFUL WAITING.LONDON, Aug. 11. A news agencydispatch from Vienna says it has beenannounced authoritively there thatAustrias invasion of Servia has beenabandoned for the present. The waroffice intends, it is announced, to takeup a strong position near the Servianfrontier and wait for the Servian advance.A WAVE OF COLOR.There is promised a wave of brilliant colored blouses. Most ot tuemwill be in soft silks, but their colorswill be brighter than the plumage ofthe brightest tropical birds.INFECTION AND INSECTBITES DANGEROUS.Mosquitoes, flies and other insects, which breed quickly in garbagepails, ponds or stagnant -matter, barns,musty places, etc., are carriers of disease. JEvery time they bite t you, theyinject "poison into your system fromwhich some dread disease may result.Get a bottle of Sloan's Liniment. Itis antiseptic and a few drops will neutralize the infection caused by insectbites or rusty nails. Sloan's Liniment disinfects Cuts, Bruises andSores. You cannot afford to be without it in your home. Money back ifnot satisfied. Only '25c, at your Druggist.(adv aug.)Simplified Writing.The simplified spelling has workedvery well, we suppos, but what thenewspaper men and compositors want .is a simplified writing. Most all printers can decipher Chinese and Qther -junk.butwhen forceG to go up againstthe average hieroglyphics thrust uponthem these days, they are often forced to say things not heard at SundaySchool. (To the foregoing, the linotype man adds a hearty amen! Danville Messenger.The new White Star liner Bartannicunder construction at Belfast, is to befitted with electrically-worked davitson both sides of the ship, each being capable of lowering boats filledwith passengers at the rate of seventy-fivefeet a minute.An Aluminum covered cloth, whichreflects light without heating, hasbeen invented for automobile tops.Petroleum has been discovered inSomaliland, and the British government is investigating its extent.Lots of people would rather send adollar to the heathen than give, thepoor at home a pleasant look.A Very Dry Spot.The rains that have been fallingare very queer as to the locality inwhich they fall. There is a narrowstrip through Boyd county near theLewis line that extends throughLewis that it failed to rain on Sunday, and the writer having been thereSunday when that good rain missed (them, was informed that they had hadno rain for twelve weeks to wet theground. The corn, pasture lands andgardens are burnt up, and a rain nowwould only help the pastures, as mostof the corn is tasseling out at aboutknee high without any shoots on itwhatever. Olive Hill Herald.PenaltyFor "Bootlegging"Much Heavier.Is MadeIn a German hospital a series ofmirrors reflect beams of light freefrom shadows, upon an operating table from an arc lamp outside the operating room.J$rOf European invention is a devicewhich enables a reel of magnesiumribbon to,l)e burned any length oftime its intense" light may be desired 1by &) photographer, wto; make a timed nation.HOW'S THIS.We beer One Hundred Dollars Reward for any case of Catarrh that cannot be cured by Hall's Catarrh Cure.F. J. CHENEY & CO., Toledo, O.We, the undersigned, have knownF. J. Cheney for the past 15 years,and believe him perfectly honorablein all business transactions and financially able to carry out any obligations made by his firm.NATIONAL BANK OF COMMERCE,Toledo, Ohio.Hall's Catarrah Cure is taken internally, acting directly upon the bloodand mucus surfaces of the system.Testimonials sen free. Price 75 cts.per bottle. Sold by all. druggists.Take Hall's1 Family Puis for consti-. - ' nThe most drasic penal laws enactedby the General Asembly in 1914 apparently has escaped the observationof local officers as well as violators.In amending the prohibition law the.General Assembly changed the word"01 to "and" in the penalty for"bootlegging," depriving courts of thediscretion of fining or imprisoningthose found guilty of this offense andmaking the penalty a fine and imprisonment. This little change was lostsight of in the more extensiveamendments to the law. The oldpenalty was a fine of $60 to $100 orten to forty days in jail or both. Theamendment law fixes the penalty at$60 to $100 fine and twenty to fortydays in jail.Catfish in Distress.D. S. Deming's large pond in thenorth end of town is almost dry andthousands of little channel- catfishare huddled together in one smallpool. A large quantity of these fishwere removed this week to a pondsouth of town. Mt. Olivet Tribune-Democrat.BrWpmen are always ready to kissand -make up but they usually makeWOMAN WEAKAND NERVOUSFinds Health in Lydia E.Pinkham's VegetableCompound.Creston, Iowa, "I suffered with female troubles from the time I came intowomanhood until Xhad taken Lydia E.Pinkham's Vegetable Compound., Xwould have pains ifI overworked orlifted anythingheavy, and I wouldbe so weak and nervous and in so muchmisery that I wooldbe prostrated. Afriend told me wfeatyour medicine had done for her' aad 1tried it It made me strong and healthyand our home is now happy with a babyboy. JI am very glad that I took' LydiaE. Pinkham's Vegetable Compound aaddo all I can to recommend it." Mrs.&B. Boscamp, 504 E. Howard Strit,Creston, Iowa. xTons of Hoots and Herb ;-are used annually hi the manufactureof Lydia E. Pinkham's Vegetable Compound, which is known from ocean toocean as the standard remedy forfemale ills.For forty years this famous root aadherb medicine has been pre-eminemtlysuccessful in controlling the dieeaaea ofwomen. Merit alone could have stood'this test of time.If yon have the slightest doafrtthat Lydia E. Pinkham's Vegetable Compound will help you,wrifcato LydiaE.Pinkliam MediciBeteb(confidential) Lynn,Mawforlvice Xomp letter will be opened,read and aaawered by aaad kaldia strictLU:Zoom 1 U BuftdbMr,jw" ?exposure. -. r ,rf ".. - - irt--XDUy acoiJfctttd7(adT-rug.).1lap teff e they kiss. . " . .r. , . ... .. i . v ,r ft' ,f,3-,-'OtXfcTHE BOURBON NEWSi PARIS! KENTUCKY, AUGUST 14. 11.41I IJ ii5LIIf hnUKKf5fif ;xtrsIitThe Bourbon News-Established 188132 Years of Continouous Publication.VWIFT CHAMP, Editor and Owner."..-DEMOCRATIC TICKETwhat Tirmilrl ho nnnpntnhlp. from fiitherI side, or reject; anything tending topersonalities reflecting upon the leaders or the workers of either side.Isn't our argument, from a businessstandpoint, just and logical?'SOCIAL AND PERSONALPor SenatorJ. C. W. BECKHAM(Long Term)JOHNSON N. CAMDcN(Short Term)For CongressJ. CAMPBELL CANTRILL.A FOREWORD.In line with a custom which liesbeen adopted in recent years by alarge majority of the weekly newspapers of Central Kentucky, the BourJxm News will take no part, editorially or personally, in the cominglocal option campaign, and will remain absolutely neutral. This doesnot imply that our privilege of votingoar convictions will be in any wayabridged or curtailed.The columns of this paper will beopen, as a purely business proposition, to the paid contributions fromeither side of this muchly-vexed question, at our regular space rates, and"treated as any other advertising matter. This plan has been adopted bythe leading papers of the State, and isa matter of simple justice to the editor, the publisher, and to the adherents of either side of the liquor question. No one can conscientiouslyquestion the sincerity of the -newspaperpublisher in this respect.Our columns are now crowded withadvertising of local and foreign merchants, and with the re-opening ofthe fall trade, and the usual run ofJocal news matter, both city andcounty happenings, it will be apparent at a glance to Jhe fair-mindedman or woman, that to give free service to either the "drys" or the"wets" would not only make seriousinroads on our limited space, but be"the means of financial loss.The News, as before stated, will remain absolutely neutral in the comingcampaign, and repeats the above announcement, i. e., all communicationsmust be paid for at space rates.The newspaper's space is the publisher's stock in trade, as recognizedby numerous court decisions, and itis his main source of revenue againstthat awful day when "the ghost" hasto appear and maAferialize, for thebenefit of the working force and theirfamilies."We could cite scores of weekly papers in Kentucky that have adoptedthis practice, and none of them havelost prestige or friends among theirfair-minded readers and patrons. TheXiOuisville papers adopted the sameplan during the recent Senatorial andCongressional primary campaign, andthey are still in business and prospering. The Lexington Leader is usingthis plan in the local option campaign in Lexington and Feyette county. So are other papers throughoutthe district. So will The News.We have been interviewed by representatives of both sides regardingthe advertising features of the campaign, but have not accepted fromeither, reserving the right to accept-Miss Julia Crump is visiting hersister, Mrs. J. J. Reid, in Nicholasville. Mrs. J. T. Martin is a guest ofher daughter, Mrs. Arthur Berry, inLexington.Miss Frelda Heller is in Newport for an extended visit to friendsand relatives.Mr. and Mrs. Thos. McDonaldhave returned from a visit to CrabOrchard Springs.Miss Emma Louise Keal is aguest of her aunt, Mrs. John M.Wood, in Winchester.Miss Anna Wilson left Tuesdayfor a visit to Miss Lena FarleyBohan, in Versailles.Mrs. E. T. Rule and childrenhave returned from a visit to Mrs. G.W. Taylor, in Carlisle.Mr. Robert Sims, of Chicago, 111.,is a guest of his father, Rev. J. S.Sims, pastor of the Methodist church.Mr. William Pryor, a well-knownformer resident of toils county, is herefrom Shelbyville, Ind., visiting relatives. Mrs. M. H. Neal and son, whohave been visiting friends and relatives in Cincinnati, have returnedhome.Mr. Noah Spears has returned tohis home in Chicago, after a threeweeks' visit to his mother, Mrs. Henry Spears.Miss Lula Champe Lytle and Master William Lytle are visiting theirgrandmother, Mrs. J. V. Lytle, inMaysville.Miss Margaret Davis, guest ofher aunt, Miss Anna May Davis, onPleasant street, has returned to herhome in Lexington. 'Mrs. Elizabeth Cahal and littlePTflTirisnn. Dannie Cahal, have re-j turned from a visit to friends and relatives in Versailles.Mrs. John Cooper and daughter,Miss Lena Cooper are visiting Mrs.Cooper's brother, Mr. Ben Hixon, inOklahoma City, Okla.Mr. and Mrs. J. A. Stern leftWednesday night for a trip to Mt.Clemens, Mich., Montreal, Canada,and New York City.Mrs. W. G. McClintock anddaughter, Miss Valette McClintock,have returned after an extended stayat Lake Chautauqua, N. Y.Miss Ollie Blount, has returned toher home in Richmond, after a visitto her cousin, Miss Elizabeth Blounton Vine street, in this city.A largely attended reunion of theLovell family was held at Concordlast Sunday. Mr. and Mrs. A. B.Lovell, of this city, were present.Mrs. Dills Wheat and children,who haveb een the guests of Mr. andMrs. B. B. Marsh, near this city, havereturned to their home in Newport.The members of the Women'sSociety of the Christian church wereentertained by Mrs. C. Arnsparger,Tuesday morning at her home onDuncan avenue.Misses Florence Berry, Pauline,Elizabeth and Sarah Levi, a quartetof Cynthiana beautiesT are "the guestsof Miss Irene Bramblette, at her homein White Addition.Mrs. W. B. Scott was hostess tothe members of the Young Ladies'Mission Circle of the Christianchurch, at her home on Main street,Tuesday afternoon.Mr. and Mrs. Louis Saloshin haveas guests Mrs. I. Levine and children, of Chicago; Mrs. Frank Saloshin, of Covington, and Mr. and Mrs.B. L. Greengard, of New York.There will be a Mothers' Meetingat the cottage of the visiting nurse,on Seventh street, to-morrow afternoon, at 3 o'clock. A unmber ofParis physicians will be present andwill address the mothers.Mr. and Mrs. T. C. Brown havereturned to their home in Orange, N.J., after a visit to the former's parents, Mr. and Mrs. W. F. Brown, onSouth Main Street. Mr. Brown isconnected with the Edison Works atOrange.A merry party of lively youngfolk enjoyed an old-time hay rideMonday night, taking in the sightsof Paris under the glare of the bigarc lights ajong the "Great WhiteWay." Those" composing the partywere Misses Margaret, Eula and NedaCalvert, the hostesses of the party,nnd the following guests: MissesJessie May Fee .and Elizabeth Gilmore, of Paris; Miss Cloda Ashurst,of Somerset; Messrs. Robert Cranfill, Chas. Cosby, Clyde Calvert andHomer Smith, all of Lexington, Barnett Winters and Harold Beheler, ofParis.Other Personals on Page 5)GET A CAKE OFSOAPDon't waste your morion poor Soap. . We sellgood Soap cheap. .Pure White (Castile 5and 10c per cake.Peroxide Soap, makesthe skin white and keepsit white, 15c per cake.Jergen's Violet Glycerine Soap lOc'per cake;3 for 25c. Has the odor,of real violets.Palmolive Soap 15c; 2for 25c.Colgate's Fine Soaps insix odors Rose, Violet,Heliotrope, Lilac andSandalwood at 10c per 3cake; 3 for 25c. No Sbetter made.We have all the adver- 2tised soaps, coo. Come Jin and let us show you. JPeoples Pharmacy iPARIS, KY. 2Doj'le Building 8th and Main."Watch Our Windows." 235:ItPREPARE NOWFor Your Winter Needs inS H 0E8By buying now you will save money, because wehave Jo close out in sixty days the entire stock of Geo,McWilliams. Heavy weight as well as light weightshoes are now being offered at less than factory prices.Your saving is from $1 00 to $3.50 by taking advantage of these reductions.Reductions on Heavv Weight Shoes. Li?ht WeicrhtShoes and Oxfords, Ladies' Shoes, Oxfords and Pumps.Gold Seal Rubber Boots.X Witch Elk Hunting Shoes.J Men's, Women's and Children's Rubbers.Hanan and Nettleton Shoes and Oxfords.8 McWilliams Special Shoes and Oxfords.8 Regal Shoes and Oxfords.J Sorosis Women's Shoes and Oxfords.McWilliams Special Women's Shoes8 and Oxfords.5 Misses' Shoes and Oxfords.Nothing ReservedEvery pair of shoes in the store is reduced in8 price. Plenty of sizes and widths to fit any feet.Bourbon Bank & Trust Co.Receivers of ,Geo. McWilliams.STRAW HATS AT HALF PRICELast chance of the season to buystraw hats at half price.MITCHELL & BLAKEMORE'S.If a Princess can't land a fellowwho can roll a . cigarette with onehand and run fifteen balls at pool shehas to compromise on a mutt who hasnothing but brains and talent.WINTERS' SALE.Winters' sale of Jewelry at 25--percent, off for cash is attracting the attention of those who know bargainswhen they see them. Everythingmarked in plain figures. (tf)lr&Ih?-WHEELEllIfFUMITURECO.Eighth and Main Streets, Will Have A-mturns sueBeginning Saturday, Aug. 1 5. Ending Sept. 1 .The Dining Roomshould be one of the most comfortably" and attractively furnished room inthe house, and, if, furnished from ourestablishment it Is so. We have asplendid line of handsome dining.room tables and chairs, buffets andaccessories. Each piece is stronglyand durably made from the most artistic designs, and is warranted togive thorough satisfaction. Our present prices are most moderate.$12.00 Up.IB fl JK: w$8mIt Stands in the Limelightof public opinion and that is wherewe want our Furniture always to remain. We ever invite the closest in-'spection of every article we offer forsale, and we tell the truth about it toall intended purchasers. We believethe best kind of advertisement for ahouse like ours is strict reliability,and we are going to live up to thisreputation which we made years ago.$20.00 Up.yl i'rj.T '-fiLT- -J 1 vlg J- 1 ,r SarxSt'lThe Young Man's Roomhas a lot to do about his staying in. or going out nights. It there is onein your house we want 'to show youfurniture for his room that will make-it the cosiest spot on earth for him.There are pretty beds, N comfortablechairs, non-upsetable tables. Take alook at them and think how your boywould revel in them.Bed Room $20.00 and Up.Strong and Light.It's our aim to give you in furnituretthe lightest weight consistent with,strength and tieauty of design Cumbersome furniture is an obsolete idea,and we do not deal in antiquities.Modern styles; modern methods andmodern workmanship ar characteristic of our stock and methods.Chase Leather 3-piece Moh.Suit, $22.50.A Dining Room Buffetis at once ornamental and useful. Wehave them in most attractive" designs--really artistic "pieces of. furniture 'that add considerable, to adornmentand comfort of the dining room. Theyare well supplied with drawers andcupboards for silver, cutlery, etc.,and have highly-polished, heavy, bevel-mirrorbacks and ornamental scrollwoodwork. The sizes vary and theprices, too. In oak and mahogany$20.00 Up.aAH Goods will Be Marked to the PublicAt 25 Cents OffOn Everjr Dollar. Nothing Charged.EM. Wheeler1 rt - rTHE BOURBON' NEWS PARIS, KENTUCKY. AUGUST 14, 1914.33E52m55ESQBrrv'VS-4&-ssSfc Sana.HAS THE BESTOF ALL LINES MADE'NOTHER STREET FAIR.street fair and carnival under theauspices of the Junior Order of American Mechanics will be given on thecity lot the week of August 17-22.Rogers' Greater Shows will he the attractions.FEW LEFT AT HALF PRICE.A few men's suits left that you canfcuv at half price. ,MITCHELL & BLAKEMORB'S.STATED CONVOCATION OFPARIS CHAPTER, R. A. M.Stated convocation of Paris Chapter, No. 15, Royai Arch Masons,Paris, will be held on Friday, Aug. 14,1914, at 7:30 p. m. Work in severaldegrees. Your attendance is requested. JOE H. EWALT, Sect'y.FOUND DEAD.Will Hitch, a well-known coloredman, was found dead at the CountyJail yesterday morning. Death wasdue to heart failure, superintended byalcoholism.MACCABEES BASKET DINNER.Paris Tent, Maccabees, will give abasket dinner in the woodland of Mr.John Brennan, near Paris, on the interurban road, on Sunday, August 23.All fraternal orders are cordially invited to be present and participatein the day's outing.WE NEED CASH NOW.Every article in my store is stapleand would sell itself in time. Butwe need cash NOW and are "knocking off" one-quarter for cash duringour sale which is now going going on.(if) A. J. WINTERS & CO.MAKING SEARCH.The Cincinnati Enquirer of Tuesday, says: "Acting on the telegraphicrequest of J. J. Grosche, of Paris, KyMRepresentative Cantrill interested theState Department in search of Mr.Grosche's father and stepmother, Mr.and Mrs. Christopher Grosche, ofMontgomery, Ala., who are believedto be at Nedersfeld, Westphalia, Germany." COFFEE!. 'COFFEE!It's going to rise in price. Get thebest Ferndell, and Chase & San-0ni'S- C. P. COOK & CO.BENEFICIAL RAINS.The drouth was broken some moreTuesday when soaking rains felli,rv,f i,i spo.tion. The rams icontinued throughout most of the day,and were of the kind that soaked into the parched earth and do the mostgood. Reports from the county saythat the vegetation is taking new lifeand showing the beneficial effects ofthe muchly-needed moisture. merains were not heavy or prolongedenought to start the springs andbranches that supply Stoner Creek,which is still at a low stage. Thetobacco crops will be greatly benefitted by the" rain. Farmers generally were rejoicing, and still hopingfor more. ,.ATTEND WINTERS SALE.rWinters' big reduction saie is nowgoing on. He is raising cash by offering his stock of Jewelry at one-fourthoff. (tf)FOR SORE FEETDr. Reed's Cushion Sole Shoes forMITCHELL & BLAKEMORE'S.SOCIAL AND PERSONAL.Thompsoa, Nell Crutchjar, HarrietRogers and Matilda James.,The social session of the EpworthLeague for the month of .August willbe held on. Thursday, Aug. 20, at theresidence of Mr. and Mrs. Edgar Tingle, corner of Sixteenth and Maini streets.Mr. and Mrs. Frank P. White, en-j tertained -with a beautiful dance TuesTOWN, TALK.Everyone n town, is talking of therare values, Winters' is offering 'during his cash raising sale. ttftheir daughter and son, Miss AnnaLouise White and Mr. Preston White.The hall was artistically decoratedwith pink and white streamers andhoneysuckle vines. Delicious frappewas served throughout the evening,ani brick ice cream and individualcakes in the party colors, pink andwhite were served during the "intermission. An orchestra furnished inspiring music, "and the dance wasthoroughly enjoyed. The following isa list of the guests: Misses PhoebeDay and Viola Brock, Winchester;Elizabeth Jones, Lexington; Julia LeeRisque, Versailles; Elizabeth Brown,Elizabth anw Elmetja H3nton, Francesand Mary Mitchell Clay; Jane EveBuckner, Nashville; Margaret Willis,Winchester; Eleanor Clay, MaryAdams and Anna McMillan Talbott,Marie and Martha Talbott, Elizabethand Nell Crutcher; Julia Bronson;Jacksonville, Fla.; Sarah Thompson,Martha Ferguson, Virginia Cook, MaryKenney Webber, Valeth McCllnTock,Nanett Wallingford; Elizabeth Erdman, Lexington; Vernita Baldwin,Katherine and An.a Wilson, Edithand Margaret Shive, Elizabeth andLouise Steele, Elizabeth Tarr, GladysMarkham; Ruth Pinnell, Winchester;Harriet Rogers and Ambrose Anderson. Messrs. iiram itoseDerry, uuKeBrown, John and George Ardery, UiairVarden, Edgar Vansant, William Talbott, Edward and Charles Spears,Turney and John Clay, Joseph Davis,Ireland Davis, John Stuart, ForrestLetton, Edwin Thomas, Stuart Wallingford, Lindsay Moore, Detroit; ValeBaldwin, Clay and Miller Ward,Cassius and John Clay, Horace Mi'lerClay, Shelbyville; Carey Clay, Coleman Renick, Ira Thompson, -GeorgeW. Fithian, Ernest Darnaby, John andArch Woodford, Douglas Clay, WinnHutchcraft, Frank Sledd, John W.Graham and Stanley Young, NorthMiddletown; Tom Prichard, WalterKenney, Thos. Henry Clay, Jr., HoltDaniel, Fielding Rogers, Sidney Anderson, Midway; Thornton Phillips,Robert Scobee and Felix Renick,Winchester.Mrs. White was assisted by Mrs.Thos. Brock, of Winchester; Mrs.Wallingford and Miss Nannette Wallingford. (Other Personals on Page 4.)"I"l"l"t"li'l"K"t"!"I"I"l"l,'I"l"l"l"I"l"i"I",K1 For Prompt Attention !andDependable ServiceIn Any Line ofTOBACCO WAREHOUSES MAYJ BE LATE IN OPENING.It was stated here to-day that inall probability the loose leaf warehouses throughout the growing districts in Central Kentucky may belater in opening this fall than usualon account of the crop beng late inmaturing. The Lexington Exchangewill fix the time for opening the Lexington warehouses, which it is predicted will be set for not earlier thanNovember 15 or possibly as late asDecember 1. While no authoritativestatement has been given out by theofficials of the Bourbon TobaccoWarehouse, in this city, it is probable that the house may be somewhatlater in opening, for the same reason.BIG SAVING.Tremendous saving on all GasStoves and Ranges during the monthof August Come early and get the(7-tf) A. F. WHEELER & CO.BOURBONCOUNTY PEOPLEVSAFE ItO-ONDON.Advices have been received here tothe effect that Misses Frances Johnson, of Paris, Nannie and Louise Best,of Millersburg, had registered withthe Citizen's Committee in London,on Monday, Aug. 2. Mrs. Jas. H.Thompson, Mr. James H. Thompson,Mr. James H. Thompson, Jr., Mrs.S. G. Clay, Miss Alice Rogers Clay,and Mrs. Lucy SimMS and Miss LucySimme have been'h-card from, all being safe in neutral territory, andhaving a good time. The Paris partywhen last heard from, was in Naples,Italy, with no intention of returninghome on account of the war scare.y Others registered :n London fromthis vicinity are Prof. D. E. Fogle,Jtfiss Mary E. Stevenson, Georgetown,and A. Goldsberg and wife, Cynthi-Miss Elizabeth Mann is visitingMiss Beulah Elkin, in Winchester.Miss Ellen Towles is a guest ofMiss Florence Dodson, in Maysville.r A T Ti- A XT..- XTnrJ, rtniumWof mq .xlBnc?K day night, at the Masonic Temple, forare sojourning at Briar Springs, Va. their daughter and son. Miss Armiirs. unas. ureen and daughters,of Richmond, are guests of Paris relatives. -Mr. T. C. O'Neal, of Louisville, isa guest of his sister, Miss EllaO'Neal.Mr. Felix Renick, of Winchester,was a guest of Mr. Coleman Renick,Tuesday.Miss 'Anna Hizer, who has beena guest of her sister, Mrs. Ed. Summers, returned to her home in Falmouth Tuesday.Mr. Melvin Crane, of this city, isspending his vacation with his parents in Winchester.Miss Stella True, who has been aguest of friends here, has returned toher home in Falmouth.Misses Allene and Ruby Hazelrigg, of Lawrenceburg, are visitingtheir aunt, Mrs. W. R. Scott.Mr", and Mrs. P. A. Thompsonhave returned from a visit to Mr. andJMrs. C. C. Wheeler in Louisville.Mr. and Mrs. B. M. Renick motored to Winchester, Monday, and wereguests of Mr. and Mrs. Scott Renick.Miss Mae Adams Lincoln, of Louisville, is a guest of Miss ElizabethBrown. .Miss Bessie Lowry, of Lexington,is spending her vacation with her sister, Mrs. C. Arnsparger, on Duncanavenue.Miss Mary Willis lias returned toher-Jiome in Nicholasville, after avisit to Mrs. F. W. Miller, on Houstonavenue.Miss Anna Pierce, of Cincinnati,and little Miss Mary Kiely, of Covington, are guests of Mrs. E, C. Kielyand tamily.Mrs. Thomas Helm Clay left today for a visit in Louisville, andfrom there will go to Columbus, O.,for a visit.Miss Helen Hutchcraft left Wednesday for Oil Springs, in Clarq county, to join a house party of ChiOmega girls.Mrs. W. C. Worthington and son,Gordon, have returned from a visit inDoyle, Tenn.Mrs. Frank Woodall, of Covington, is a guest of her sister, Mrs.Belle Alexander.Miss Phoebe Day returned to herhome in Winchester, Wednesday, after a visit to Miss Anna Louise Whitenear this city.Mrs. Alice Snapp and family havemoved from the Harrison house onHieh street, to the Harris cottage, inWhite 'Addition.Mr. Irvine M. Vieller,of Chicago,is visiting his mother, Mrs. Callie B.Keller, and his sister, Mrs. RobertL. Frank, in this city.-Mr. and Mrs. H. H. Hughes andson, or .Louisville, were guests iuuiiday of Misses Roberta and MaryGorham, near Clintonville.Dr. J. R. Robbins and family, otRichmond, Va., touring the BlueGrass region in their motor car, wereguests in Paris, Tuesday.Mrs. H. H. Hancock and daughters, Misses Frances, Edith and Virginia, left Tuesday for Oil Springs,in Clary county, to spend a few days.Mrs. Thomas Rice, wife of thepopular L. & N. engineer, was operated on at the Wilson Hospital, anMaysville, for appendicitis, Tuesday,and is reported as doing very nicely.Mrs. R. J. Neely, Mrs. J. A. Lyle,Mrs. W. W. Mitchell and Miss EllaMitchell form- the advance guard ofreturning Parisians who have beensummering at the "Keystone Cottage," at Lake Chautauqua, NewYork.Miss Anna Wilson and Messrs.Hiram Roseberry, Coleman Renick,Sid Ardery, Douglas Clay, IrelandDavis and Joe Davis attended theGirls' Dance given at Versailles onTuesday night.Irs. Geo. Minary and children,and Miss Lelia Scoggan, of Louisvilleare guests of Mr. and Mrs. J. J.Rednion, near North Middletown.Miss Scoggan is society editor of theT,miiKvillG Courier-Journal.Misses Hazel and Martin Stephen crm nrfi putertainins at the home -'ftheir pa: nit. Mr. and Mrs. TLee Stephenson, near iaris: Misses Virginia Highfield, Lexington; Mat.'Ie Morgan, Cornltu; Hallie Coy, Richmond;Edna Berkev. Lancaster; LucilleBaker, Prutn; and Neva Calveit.Pfiris yMr William Renick Smith, ofDallas, Texas, is visiting his grandmother, Mrs. W. H. Renick, on Highstreet Mr. Renick is the composerof several songs that have struck thepopular fancy in the South, particularly his successes, "On the Shoresof Love," and "By the Shenandoah,and his latest composition, "The Harvest of Love."The Lexington Herald of yesterday says: "Dr. R. R. McMillan, thedentist, will leave Lexington to-dayfor a short vacation at his formerbnmfi in Paris. He will spend mostf v.i time fishing with Judge Chas.McMillan, County Judge of Bourbon,and Sherman Stivers, of the Heraldstaff, who is spending two weeks vacation in Paris." .Miss Elizabeth Brown entertained quite informally Wednesday afternoon, at her home on Main street,with a "Five Hundred" party, in compliment to her guest, Miss May Adams Lincoln, of Louisville. iherooms were decorated with daisiesand sun flowers, yellow and white being the color scnemeN xuprize, a pretty' box, was awaraed toMiss Ketherine Marsh, and the guestprize, silk hose, were given to MissLincoln, while the booby fell to MissMary Mitchell Clay, ana was aDie doll. A delicious plate lunch wasserved to the following guests:Misses May Adams Lincoln, Anna andKatherine Wilson, Katherine Maish,Louise Steele, Louise Morrison, ofCharleston, W. Va.; Marie ralboU,Mary Mitchell and Frances Clay, AnnEmbry, Mary Adams Talbott, EleanorClay, Katherine Weathers, Lexington; Margaret, Bean and guest, MissWhite, Danville; Miss Buckner, Nashville, Taun.j Margaret Ferguson, 'SaraMTHE NEW FI W. 0. HIHTON & SONALL KINDS OFINSURANCEOId,"Reliable, Prompt Paying Companies.isHi$$$$$$&$a3S"i"2i4'$S'!"$Mgi$g(igiEBUUlffiStSeeiw. o.HINTONSON,t THE NEW FIRM. ?iI''lMS"i"l4"St4,44l4"I"II'i'I4l4"i"l,"8'4"i4tt1KODAKLMT THMCHILDRENKODAKThey will enjoytaking picturesthe simple, easyKodak Way.You will fce glad -tohave a picturestory of vacationdays.StraussBros,& CosNewCigarNo. 8J On Sale at A1HCigar Stands.i"2MSMIMSilMS4i4"SMSMl,tII,I'Ml"8"SMM8Mi4"StLAST BIG CUTSUMMER GOODS! 1An Opportunity toTBuy Beautiful NewUWNS, RATINES, CREPES, DKESS LINENSand Mrny Novelty Wash Goods at BijrReductions. ,200 Shirt Waists To - "'-Close Out at Half Price-A Few CREPE and MUSLIN UNDERGARMENTS,Slightly Mussed During Our Sale, atBARGAIN PRICES.iW. Ed Tucker.Paris' Only Exclusive DVy Goods Store.SPKCIAIJHand-Painted Initial Salts and Peppers, White ChinaWith Initial in Gold,65 Cents Per Pair.cWorth $1.00. c411 Letters in Stock at PreeentiGet Our Prices on Watches, Jewelry, Silverware, Etc,Before You Buy. Always Reliable.C. O. HINTONiTHE J. T. HINTON CO.iL lRVi iI wJ11Do youmerely sleep.or do you sleepand rest tKODAKS, $5.00 up.BROWNIE CAMERAS, theylike Kodaks, $1.00 to $12.00.workDaughertyMillYou wouldn't think ofsitting in an uncomfortablechair not even for an hour, tThen why sleep eight to ten hours onan uncomfortable bed? Why awakenwith cramped and tired muscles ? -Do you sleep with a much heavierperson? Does their weight make ithard for you to sleep comfortably ? ASleep 30 Days at Our RiskOH"Perfection Bed Springs"See how refreshing sleep can be. Experience the comfort of sleeping onsprings that cannot sag, that supportyour body perfectly, independent ofanother person in the bed. j ifii jYou have your own springs just asmuch as if you were sleeping alone.Each spring and row of springs operateindependently. No sag no hills no "side-rock" no noise. 335pounds and 125 pounds can sleep comfortably in the same bed.The Sleep on Perfection Springs 30 Nights ait Our RiskPajamaKid-in Connection with this Great Spring we are ShowingPerfection,Sterns CSFairy? Fel!t andFoster oMattressii'M"MiAi'Bros.May We Not Have the Pleasure of Showing You?VTHE J. T. HINTON COMPANY- .Paris, Kentucky Phones-36Undertaking Ambulance Wood Mantelsv) ?ffSBPl . rz - , a v -vyirstf.V"t-.- .--jr-m-. '1'f --rt&-fej. 'r4 , X - -"VV . - I ,lT"-TOE BOUJtBQN ; NEWS -PARK, KY... AUGUST R 1914.-rtPV'" -t ..rmIM!71mmmmmmJob Printing-WORK DONEWHEN PROMISEDGood Work Done Cheap;Cheap Work Done Good!SSSLW9X VlivTRE JQB RBOfflS OFt THEBwrbn:He wsAre prepaired to do the best ofPrinting on short notice such asBILLHEADS,LETTERHEADS,CARDS,CATALOG ,POSTERS,and, in fact, everythingthat is printed.Orders for Engraving,such as Wedding Announcements, Invitations,given prompt attention.f&:Let us figure with you onon your next workOur facilities are the best, havingjust installed two of the latest improved Chandler & Price JobPresses come around and see themwork.Our type, is new and modernfaces.uuouurriMtnNew Invention May RevolutionizeMoving Picture Business.Demonstration Recently Made In London Seems to Prove That Long-Sought-For'Machine Has MadeIts Appearance.RESULTS THAT REMAINLast week there was demonstratedIn London a new projector which willIn all probability revolutionize certaindepartments of the moving picturetrade. The Vanascope, which is theuame of the new machine, is so constructed that the continual nicker,often so tiresome, is entirely eliminated. The machine has no shutter, andeach picture, by means of rotary andoscillating mirrors, is allowed to fadeinto the next, there being no maskline. Another advantage claimed forthe new invention is that where an ordinary projector throws upon thescreen a minimum of 16 pictures a second, the Vanascope only projects four.By this means only 300 feet of filmis required to do the work that nowrequires a thousand, thus making thecost of production considerably less.The cost of lighting will also be considerably reduced, a saving of 25 percent amperage being possible. InAmerica orders for Vanascopes arepouring in thick and fast, and so highly do the critics on this side think ofit that it is expected that the machinewill shortly be installed in all the principal theaters in Great Britain and onthe continent.Are "Appreciated by Paris People.Thousands who suffer from backache and kidney complaint have triedone remedy after another, findingonly temporary benefit. This is discouraging but there is one kidneymedicine that has earned a reputationfor lasting results and there is plentyof proof of its merits right here inParisHere is the testimony of one whoused Doan's Kidney Pills years ago,and now makes her testimony evenstronger.Mrs. J. T. Martin, Main and Eleventh Streets, Paris, Ky., says: "I suffered quite severely from painsacross the small of my back and inmy kidneys. That trouble alarmedme and I tried many medicines. I didnot get relief, however, until I procured Doan's Kidney Pills at Wilson'sDrug Store. They improved my condition in every way. All I have eversaid praising Doan's Kidney Pills wasentirely correct and I confirm myformer endorsement of this remedy.They permanently cured me of kidney trouble."Price 50c at all dealers. Don'tsimply ask for a kidney remedy getDoan's Kidney Pills the same thatMrs. Martin had. Foster-MilburnCo.. Props., Buffalo, N. Y.STAPLE C& FANCYiGROCERIES!ALSOEpigrams of Veteran Player.Thomas Santschi says that he hasbeen greatly helped in his career as apicture actor by the wise advice of hisfriend the late Kyrle Bellew. Some ofthe beloved player's epigrams are asfollows :"Affectation ie the chain that bindsthe average actor to mediocrity.""Stage tricks are fascinatingweapons with which to fight for publicapproval, but they are boomerangsrather than sure shot rifles.""An actor of inferior native talentwill triumph over his clever colleaguesif he develops with more regard for artthan bluff.""Never should an actor convey toan audience the suggestion that he iseither looking at himself or listeningto his own voice with fondest appreciation." "The actor should carefully discriminate between two attitudes conceitand dignity the one is destructive,the other constructive."It would be an easy matter to namesome screen actors who would do wellto ponder the last two of these sayings.NOT SO STRANGE AFTER ALL.You may think it strange that somany people are cured of stomachtrouble by Chamberlain's Tablets.You would not, however, if you shouldgive them a trial. They strengthenand invigorate the stomach and enable it to perform its functions1 naturally. Mrs. Rosie Rish, Wabash, Ind.,writes, "Nothing did me the leastgood until I began using Chamberlain's Tablets. It is decidedly thebest medicine for stomach trouble Ihave ever used." For sale by alldealers.(adv-aug)SAll the VegetablesOf the SeasonOUR LINE OFCanned GoodsCannot Be ExcelledN. A. MOORE.Sauer's Old StandA fiat iron for travelers whichtakes up but little room is hollow andcan be filled with alcohol for heatingit quickly.IR1MABLE!MANY PEOPLE FLOCK TO TELLOF BENEFITS RECEIVED.Mountaineer Life in Films.Another "Mary Pickford play" hasbeen released. "The Eagle's Mate" isthe title and it is by Anna AliceChapin. As a novel it has been popular. The scenes are laid in theheart of the West Virginia Mountains,where some of- the mountain folkare said to live by the rule that mightis right, and that to the strong belong the spoils. In the midst ofthese primitive surroundings Anemone Breckenridge, a gentle, refinedyoung girl, accustomed to all thatwealth and culture can bestow, whohas been kidnaped by one of themountaineers, is suddenly confrontedwith life in its most brutal and savage form. At first she is appalled anddisgusted as she sees the souls ofmen and women without the veneerwhich comes from the influence ofcivilization, but before long her admiration is won by the underlyingcourage and heroism of the peoplearound her, and in time she struggleswith herself to adopt their standardsas her own.. MReal Humor in New Comedy."Tango versus Poker" is a new photoplay comedy. It portrays that Jones'wife is tango mad, and when she decides to give a tango party he figures he is entitled to have a littlepoker game with his friends. Aftershe leaves Jones' friends arrive. Itbeing a. dry town, Jones takes a babycarriage, in which to get the beer.Mr. Smith's maid takes the baby foran airing, and, meeting a policeman,leaves the carriage alone. While Jonesis in a store a mischievous kid changesthe carriages, and Jones wheels homewhat he supposes to be a dozen bottles of beer. Arriving home, Mrs.Smith's maid discovers, instead of thebaby, 12 cold bottles, while Jones andhis friends are amazed when theylift the carriage hood .to find a crying infant.Brown's Native Herbs in LiquidForm, the wonderful remedy that isbeing introduced for the first time inthis State is, accomplishing morethan is claimed for it by the advertiser, Mr. Arnold Brown. This isproved by the number of sick peoplewho are calling" upon their druggists,telling of the improvement in theircondition. All week long they come,from every part of the county, simplyto express their gratitude and thanksfor the seemingly wonderful results.This is very unusual as it is seldom,indeed, that people will take thetrouble to express thanks for a medicine.The results accomplished byBrown's Native Herbs in LiquidForm seem very wonderful when youdo not understand the nature of theremedy. As a matter of fact, theprinciple thing it does is put thestomach in god working order in avery short time, and stimulate thehealthy action of the bowels, and inconsequence the action of every organ of the body is improved at once,and perfect health is the result.Brown's Native Herbs in LiquidForm is a wonderful treatment and Iwould advise any person sufferingwith Stomach Trouble, Constipationor disorders of the Liver and Kidneys,to call upon their Druggist and havea talk with him about this most remarkable remedy. A large bottlecosts $1.00 at any good Drug Store.iiff mRmMljWk9 1 4v MHffWnM IS' I STc0 V StesT- P4 Mmwo y cow uomtid ,o, Vi. tGreatBargainSaleCOPYUOMTID 'NowGoing On!Greater Bargains than youhave ever before heard of inParis.KINDLY CALL ATfi- v1k?SWOar Special Summer TrialCombination Bargain.(GoodFor the Months of July andAugust.)Twin Bios. Depanmeni Stoie,Seventh and Main Sts., Paris, Ky$Safe InvestmentTwiiiBrosCbe Bourbon news,104 Issues a Year forlf$2.00.Advertising rates reasonable and made lJknown on application.Popular Leading Lady.Miss Ethel Clayton Teceived a notification from the Onyx club, -whichhas branches throughout the North--west,that she was awarded secondprize in its photo play favorite contest, she having received 25,000 votes.This makes the fourth club contestin which the leading woman has competed and in all four she receivedfirst or second prize.mimmumItalian City Photoplay Center.Turin, Italy, is one of the most important moving-picture film centersin the world. Eight manufacturersare located there and practically allthe manufacturers are represented.The most popular films involve a lovetheme, or Indian or cowboy incidents.Films of every iriake in the world areTHIS TRIAL OFFER INCLUDESTheBourbonNewsCincinnati WeeklyEnquirerBoth to January 1, 1915, For Only93By special arrangement with TheCincinnati Weekly Enquirer we ofterthe above liberal inducement to ourmany friends to subscribe. Thereare hundreds of citizens right in ourmidst who should be subscribers.Keep posted on all the doings inthis vicinity by subscribing for TheBourbon News. In addition you getone of the leading nationaT'Weekly"newspapers, each to January 1, 1915.Our readers will do us a personalfavor by calling the attention of theirfriends to this trial offer. Invitethem to take advantage of this combination before it is withdrawn. Remember this offer is positively notgood after August 31, 1914.A FURTHER INDUCEMENT Toany one taking advantage of theabove offer within the next THIRTYDAYS we will include a year's subscription to The Household Journal &Floral Life, which is a very interesting monthly magazine devoted to thefarm, flowers and home. Subscription price 25 cents per year.SUBSCRIBE TO-JJAY BEFOREYOU &ORGET.Call or mail all "orders toTHE 'BOURBON NEWS,' , ParisGivesadvice to all the peoplerof Parisand Bourbon County to invest their moneyinV ,'Clothing, Shoes,Hats, Caps,Underwear, Etc.They will give you one hundred cents onthe dollar on your merchandise investment.Call in and see them.1. WOLLSTEIN, Prop.TO MAMMOTH CAVEAUGUST 25, 1914.LAST GREAT REDUCTIONRound trip railroad fare $5.55.Board at Cave Hotel including theseveral routes in the Cave for $6.50.Making the total cost for three daystrip $12.15; going on regular morning trains. Limit on tickets 10 days.Write or phone L. & N. Agent.(jly 31-aug 7-14-21),ris, Kentucky", ameterv rThe rate of growth of mahogany isshown in Southern Nigeria, where thesite of -'a town destroyed sixty yearsago lias been covered with afforest-containing . mahogany trees, some owhich are more than ten feet in'ditii. h -Handsome R e s i -denceFor Sale.My fesidence on Mt. Airy is forsale. One of the most modern homesin Paris. Every convenience. Prospective buyers are invited to inspectthe building and premises.(28jly-tf) MRS. M. A. PATONFor Rent.House of four rooms and kitchen, vouMasaie. Avenue. $11.00 per month, inadvance. Apply to(Awe Hr3t) J. BENNETT- " ire.f vtijff 'ITfcAMMi4NOTICEINOTICELOCAL OPTIONELECTIONThe undersigned Sheriff of Bour"bou County gives notice that the following order has been made by theBourbon County Court and a copythereof delivered to him, and that thelocal option therein provided for willbe held in accordance with said order,which is in words and figures as follows, to-wit:BOURBON COUNTY COURT.IN THE MATTER OFON PETITIONT. F. BRANNON AND OTHERS.This cause coming on to be heardupon the petition of T. F. Brannon.and others asking for an election inthe City of Paris, Bourbon County,Kentucky, onSEPTEMBER 26TH, 1914,to take the sense of the legal votersof said City upon the propositionwhether or not spirituous, vinous,malt, or other intoxicating liquorsshall be sold, bartered or loaned there-m, and whether cr not this propositionshall apply to druggists also, and thepetitioners have introduced proofshowing that there was Five Hundred.and Eleven signers to said petition and that said Five Hundred andEleven constituted more than twentyfive per cent, of the votes cast in theCity of Paris at the last precedinggeneral election, and the said signers have introduced proof that eachand everyone of the signers to said petition were a citizen of the UnitedStates .of America, and of the Commonwealth of Kentucky, and hadbeen a resident of ihe State of Kentucky for more than one year nextpreceding July 27th, 1914, the dayupon which the petition herein wasliled, and had been a resident ofBourbon County for more than sixmonths next preceding said date andliad been a resident of their respective voting precincts in which they reside for more than sixty days nextpreceding said date, and that each ofsaid signers were at said date a legalvoter in his respective precinct, andthe court being advised it is orderedand adjudged that an election be heldin said City of Paris on Saturday,September 26th, 1914, to take thesense of the legal voters of the saidCity of Paris upon the propositionwhether or not spirituous, vinous,malt of other intoxicating liquorsshall be sold, bartered or loanedtherein and this law and prohibitionshall apply to druggisis also.W. F. Talbott, Sheriff of BourbonCounty, is directed to open a poll ineach precinct in the City of Paris onsaid date and for said purpose, and!said Sheriff is directed to advertiseand publish, this order in each issueof the Bourbon News for at least twoconsecutive weeks prior to the 26thday of September, 1914, the day uponwhich said election is to be held andhe will cause to be printed, said order,upon hand bills and he will post said?" i.s B;iwf a JeW,nehand bills at at least five conspicuousplaces in the City of Paris, and hewill cause said order to be publishedand said hand bills to be postedwithin seven days after he receives a copy of this notice. It isordered that a special registration belield in the several precincts in theCity of Paris on the ISth day of September, 1914.Said election shall be held by such,officers as are required to hold Countyelections, and they shall be selectedin the same way as officers are selected for the purpose of holdingCounty elections.A Copy Attest:PEARCE PATON, C. B. C. C.Witness the hand of the undersigned Sheriff of Bourbon County.W. F. TALBOTT,Sheriff of Bourbon County, Kentucky.eet(Mountains of Western North Carolina"Land ot the Sky" "Sapphire Country"IDEAL VACATION REGIONSPECGAL VACATION FARESWednesday, August 19, 1914.ROUND TRIP FARES FROM LEXINGTON, KY.ASHEVILLE,N. C, AND RETURN $9.00HENDERSQNVILLE, N. C, AND RETURN... 10.00WAYNESVILLE, N. C, AND RETURN - 10.00LAKE TOXAWAY, N. C, AND RETURN.. 11.00Tickets on sale Wednesday July 19. Good returninguntil September 3, 1914.Tickets good on CAROLINA SPECIAL, leaving Lexington,Ky., 9:15 P. M.. also on all other regular trains August 19.DIVERSE ROUTEPrivilege of visiting Chattanooga (Historic Lookout Mountain) enrouteto or from final destination, $1.50 additional.CN.O.&T.P.RY.)ANDSOUTHERN RAILWAY.LOCAL OPTIONELECTIONThe undersigned Sheriff of Bourbon County gives notice that the following order has been, made by theBourbon County Court and a copythereof delivered to him, and that thelocal option therein provided for willbe held in accordance with said order,which is in words and figures as follows, to-wit:BOURBON COUNTY COURT.IN THE MATTER OFWM. MYALL, &c.ON PETITION.ORDERThis cause coming on to be heardand the court having heard proof andbeing advised, and this cause beingsubmitted for judgment, and it appearing ff the court that the application herein is by written petition andthat the petition has been signed by anumber of legal voters of BourbonCounty equal to and exceeding 25 percent, of the votes cast in BourbonCounty at the last preceding generalelection, and it further appearing tothe court that each and all of saidsigners were and are citizens ofthe United States of America and ofthe Commonwealth of Kentucky andeach had been a resident of the Stateof Kentucky for more than one yearnext preceding the filing of the petition herein and that each had been aresident of Bourbon County for morethan six months next preceding said''ate, and that each had been a resident of his respective voting precinctin which he resides more than 60 daysnext preceding said date, and thateach and all of said signers was andwere at said date artf is and are legalvoters in their respective precincts,and all things appearing to the courtrequired or necessary to appear, toentitle the petitioners to the reliefherein granted, it is now ordered thatthe election prayed for be held inBourbon County on the day named inthe petition, to-wit:THE 28THDAY OF1914,SEPTEMBER,and the Sheriff of Bourbon County,who is appointed, authorized and directed to hold said election, is ordered and directed to open a poll at eachand all the voting places in saidCounty on said date for the purposeof taking the sense of the legal votersof the said County who are qualifiedto vote at elections for county officesupon the proposition whether or notspirituous, vinous or malt liquorsshall be sold, bartered or loanedtherein, the said law and prohibition to apply to druggists.The Sheriff of Bourbon County isdirected to advertise and publish thisorder at least once a week for atleast two weeks in the Bourbon Newsprior to the 28th day of September,1914, the day appointed upon whichsaid election is to be held, and he willcause to be printed said order uponhand-bills which he will post for thesame length of time as follows: Oneor more in two public and conspicious1? iUtu, VUL1"fa .l " .. 11XBourbon County and at such otherpublic and conspicuous places inBourbon County as the Sheriff in hisdiscretion may think proper, and hewill cause said publications to bemade within seven days after he receives a copy of this notice, by inserting same in newspapers and byhand-bills as aforesaid.It is ordered that a special registration be held in the several votingprecincts of the City of Paris on the18th day of September, 1914.Said election shall be held by suchofficers as would be qualified to holdelections for county officers, and theyshall be selected in the same way.A Copy Attest:PEARCE PATON, C. B. C. C.Witness the hand of the undersigned Sheriff of Bourbon County.W. F. TALBOTT,Sheriff of Bourbon County, Kentucky.ATTRACTIVE STOP-OVERPRIVILGES.For full information and sleeping carreservations, apply to nearestTicket Agent, orH. C. KING, Pass, and Ticket Agent,101 East Main St., Lexington, Ky.Phone 49.W. A. BEOKLER, G. P. A.,(td) Cincinnati, OhioAGAIN APPEARS ON THE STAGEy . - s - 'Photoplay Star Profitably Dividing H)t, TJma Bctwetn tfte "Movies and'Hit Early Lovt.Paul Panzer is proving his popularity and at the same time coining it bypersonal appearances in theatersthroughout the East. The star profitsby adding to the drawing of hi namean out-of-the-ordinary act that is wellworth explaining in his own words:"In the first place," he says, "Ihaven't attempted to do anything Ican't do. ' Forinstance, I don'ttry to tell an assortment of alleged funny stories, for I tell myaudiences, theycan probably tellme a good dealbetter and newer stories than Ican. Then, again,I make apologiesfor any breaks inmy English, forbeing born abroadand speaking several languages, itIs natural thatwhen excited Ishould slip occasionally." Paul Panzer.While on thelegitimate stage, Paul Panzer was forseveral seasons with Augustin Daly,and was stage manager for Mr. Dalywhen he felt the lure of the movingpictures. For a time Mr. Panzer wasan independent producer until, threeand a half years ago, he joined thestock company with which he hasbeen ever since.Mr. Panzer was born at Wurzburg,Bavaria, the great university town,and studied pharmacy at the University of Wurzburg, in addition to acourse in vocal music at the Conservatory of Wurzburg. When he left Germany he was a lieutenant of the artillery reserves.Successful Child Star.Seldom does a child play a moreimportant part in the lives of twomen than that portrayed by MiiniYvonne, the tiny screen star in "TheLittlest Rebel." Her visualization ofthe character, "Virgie," the role madefamous by Mary Minter on the "legiti-mnto" at a era la n natural ronrocontn.x. .,',., ,. . . jtion of a child's actions in happy andadverse circumstances. In ber childish innocence she intermingles pathoswith humor, often relieving the tension in the gripping dramatic situations in which this photo play abounds.This little photo player, who is barelyten years old, plays the role assignedto her like a veteran star. She appears entirely unconscious of her surroundings. Unlike the stage presentation of "TheLittlest Rebel," in which the Farnum! brothers. Dustin and William, wereco-stas, portraying northern andsouthern army officers, the screen version features the part characterizingthe southerner, and E. K. Lincoln essays the role of Capt. Herbert Careyof the Confederate army.Fattening Remark.Maurice Costello, who is now appearing at New York, in "Mr. Barnesof New York," is the father of twocharming daughters, Dolores, theelder, closely resembling the "movie"star, while Helen, the younger, is remarkably like Mrs. Costello in appearance. Dolores has been repeatedlytold that it was good luck to look likeher father, while nothing had beensaid to Helen about her resemblanceto her mother. While the two children were playing with their dollsthey upset a table, which completelysmashed Helen's doll, while Doloresdoll escaped all injury. Of courseHelen's little heart was nearly broken,and while Mr. Costello was vainly trying to appease the sobbing child Dolores edged over to Mr. Costello andsaid: "Say, papa, doesn't Helen looklike mamma?"Play Has Strong Plot.The question of heredity ismost in "The Weaker Strain."foreThe film tells the story of a son who inherited his father's weakness, the father having deserted his wife beforetheir child was born. The father becomes an officer in the army and theson, a weakling, enlists as a private.At a critical time the son deserts hispost to go to his mother's deathbedand there he learns who is his father.He returns to camp to accept the punishment for desertion in time of war,refusing to reveal his identity. Thefather learns the deserter is his sonand connives at his escape after acourtmartial has sentenced him todeath.Adopt Worthy Resolution.Motion, picture exhibitors, in national convention at Dayton, adoptedat least one resolution which will meetwith almost universal approval. Thesemen, who depend on public favor fortheir livelihood, voted to disapprovefilms which depict any form of cruelty to animals.Pauline Bush to Star.Pauline Bush is to be starred at thehead of her own company. She'searned the right, for she's clever andconscientious as well as pretty. JoeDe Grease -will be her director andJoe Kink and Lon Chaney will support her.An Obvious Answer."What's the meaning" of the political equality of the sexes?""It meafe the same as domesticft.t1 H- m. t. ......x In) the WoMunL' Jtane Compninappired thev atorV of a coqtwtte InWhich the coquette give the followiafadvice to her couin: "Don't make thestupid mistake thousands o womenmake. Don't! Every woman thinksher husband is different But, trust aworldly woman, my. dear, of much experience, men are all alike. They tireof what they know is entirely theirown. The thing a man should neverlose sight is that his wife is attractiveto other men as well as to himself."True Greatness.He only is a great man who canneglect the applause of "the multitude,and enjoy himself independent of itsfavor. Steele.THE CASE OF L. L. CANTELOU.The case of L. L. Cantelou, Clarndon, Texas, is similar to tha of manyothers who have used Chamberlain'sColic, Cholera and Diarrhoea Remedy.He says, "After trying a doctor forseveral months, and using differentkinds of medicine for my wife whohad been troubled with severe bowelcomplaint for several months, Ibought a 25c bottle of Chamberlain'sColic, Cholera and Diarrhoea Remedy.After using the second bottle she wasentirely cured." For sale by all dealers. (adv aug.)For Baby's Bath.If the baby is afraid of the waterand cries and screams when taking hisbath buy several prettily colored cork"bobbers," such as fishermen use.Throw these in the bathtub, and babywill be so busy trying to catch themthat he will forget to be afraid of hismorning bath, and will even learn tolike it. Mother's Magazine.BUYS CARLISLS DRUG STORE.Mr. James L. Donnell, well-knownNicholas county man, has purchasedof Miss Frances Butler, assignee ofthe assigned estate of her father, Mr.Charles E. Butler, the retail drugbusiness lately operated in Carlisleunder the firm name of Charles E.Butler & Co., at a private price.She Had Heard Him.Pater "Daughter, I'll tell you ayoung fellow I wish you would growto like young Wrigley he'll make anoise in the world just when you leastlook for It." Mabel "You've got himV sized up all right, dad: I heard himDi;u u a" &" "eating soup in a restaurant the otherday."THE TWENTY YEAR TEST."Some twenty years ago I "usedChambelain's Colic, Cholera andDiarrhoea Remedy," writes Geo. W.Brock, pubilsher of the Enterprise,Aberdeen, Md. "I discovered that itwas a quick and safe cure for diarrhoea. Since then no one can sell meanything said to be 'just as good.'During all these years I have used itand recommended it many times, andit has never disappointed anyone."For sale by all dealers.(adv aug.)Domesticated Canaries.' There are 12 distinct breeds of canaries. About 500 years ago a Spanish sea captain brought from theCanary islands some insignificant little greenish birds which were calledcanary birds, and from these havebeen evolved the 12 species or varieties of canaries known to the breederof today.SEVERE ATTACK OFCOLIC 'CURED.E. E. Cross, who travels in Virginiaand other Southern States, was takensuddenly and severely ill with colic.At the first store he came to the merchant recommended Chamberlain'sColic, Cholera and Diarrhoea Remedy.Two doses of it cured him. No oneshould leave home on a oourney without a bottle of this preparation. Forsale by all druggists.(adv aug.)Becoming Modernized.Native women of high caste in India,known as pudah women, because theykeep their faces covered with pudahsor thick veils or live a life of seclusion from the opposite sex, are beginnirig to wear corsets and are now furnishing a new class of customers forsuch articles.SUMMER CONSTIPATIONDANGEROUS.Constipation in Summer-time ismore dangerous than in the fall, winter or spring. The food you eat is often contaminated and is more likelyto ferment in your stomach. Thenyou are apt to drink much cold water, thus injuring your stomach.Colic, Fever, Ptomaine Poisoning andother ills are natural results. Po-Do-Laxwill keep you well, as it increasesthe Bile, the natural laxative, whichrids the bowels of the congested poisonous waste. Po-Do-Lax will .makeyou feel better. Pleasant and effective. Take a dose to-night. 50c, atyour Druggist.(adv aug.)Truth About Royalty.The first king was no more thana fortunate soldier. Voltaire.Nature Never Made a Garden.Nature makes glorious 1 thingsenough; but nature alone never madea garden.HOW TO CURE A SPRAIN.A sprain may be cured in aboutone-third tlie time required by theusual treatment by applying Chamberlain's Liniment and observing thedirections with each bottle. For saleby all dealers.(adv-aug)KeatadkiM feezesBy UsfflgMr.Burnett Says Wonderful Treatment Saved His Life WithFew Doses.Horace Burnett, of Somerset, Ky.,was a sufferer from stomach -disordersfor a long time. His condition became highly serious and he feared anoperation.He took Mayr's Wonderful Stomach Remedy and got swift results.In a letter telling his experience hewrote:"Your treatment has certainly helped me wonderfully. I took my fifth.dose last night and it brought good results. I have one more dose to takeand I think I will be well. Your tonicis wonderful. I can eat anything nowthat I want to. I can never; getthrough thanking you for your medicine, for I know it saved my life, forI have tried all the doctors and theysaid I would have to be operated on."THE "PRUDENTYOUNG MAN MASMONEY N OUR!It is the DUTY of a young man before he "pops thequestion" to pile up a snug little sum in the bank.The young man whothe race for SUGGESS overentire income. He is the onePARTNERSHIP.We love to encourageand are always pleased to advise with them. .Make OUR bank YOUR bankWe pay 5 per cent, interest on Savings.DEPOSIT ANDCAPITAL..., -..$150,000.00, SURPLUS 30,000.00STOCKHOLDERS" LIABILITY.... 150,000.00Protection to DepositorsS. E. BEDFORD, President.A cablegram from Kingston to theLondon Times reports that an English expert asserts that after prolonged prospecting he has discovered anextensive radium deposit on a Jamacian mountain. A sample sent to theUnited States for analysis has been Jpronounced to be satisfactory.New York employers have adoptedthe plan of having their employesmeet with, efficiency experts, who explained efficiency systems after theyare installed. In this way, it is arguedworkmen can understand better whycertain methods are pursued.Hot water heating of houses hasbeen making enormous strides inSwitzerland in the last fifteen years. 1Apartment houses often have separ-'ate neatmg appliances on every noor.The old tile stoves are being drivenout. j! ATTENTION, 1Do You Know We Handlethe CelebratedDetroit JewellGas Stoves & RangesCome and See. OurPrices Are Right.Plumbing and ElectricalContractors.Estimates Freely Given.&eTryUs.IELKS' BUILDING.E. T. Phone 103Home Phone101iSPCR&GLCl"S vMayr StmxkhmetfOpenfifoflr - -"siSuch letters come fromall varl 1stthe country. This remedy is 1 i Haeverywhere for its remark!suits. -Mayr's Wonderful Stomack Rclears the digestive tract ofaccertions and poisonous mattar.brings swift relief to sufferers fiqptailments of the stomach, liver $mAbowels. Many declare it hastheir lives.Because of the remarkableof this remedy there are manytors, so be cautious. Be surMAYR'S. Go to G. S. Varden ft ft,drug store and ask about the iroaiscful results it has accomplished scases they know about or a&md toGeo. H. Mayr, Mfg. Chemist, H."156 Whiting St., Chicago, 111., for fipdook on stomach ailments andgrateful letters from people whobeen restored. Any druggist cam UJIyou its wonderful results.(adv-frid's-No. 11)BANK FIRSTbanks his money gains fast irtthe one who squanders hiwho is trusted and taken in&kfyoung men to save their moneiPEOPLES BANK$350,(MML0tc. K. THOMAS, CashierWHEN YOU ARENERY08Syou have the first symptom of a run-system, and nervous people too often conceal their aches and Dains and suffer insilence, while, ifnegJectedy this conditionoften foreruns more serious trouble.v If those so afflicted would stop takingmeaicme containing aiconoi or;which menace the foundations of 1and just take the pure, strengtheinourishment in Scott'sEmulsion, k vncreate new blood to pulsate through, tfttejorgans, refresh then: bodies and baud VfHthe whole nervous system. iTis ncblsustaining nounshraeut, free from winalcohols or drugs. Shun sobetituteatELECTRICjIRONSPhone us to-dayto send an ElectricIron on trial and seewhat a difference itmakes on next ironing day.$paris emsELECTRIC CD.Incorporated... . -" - .- 3aHrr.quality. What th womenYQtfc J&ml"jvwvwvwwwwvwwvwwwvvvvwwvww 3ZZ w T t . , 'I - 5'vwvwwvvv'v'vvw w w -w -w w -w- -w v-v i vvvvrrrrrrrrMiBME"?LU?-t" vifa"V-V. a. -",THE BOURBON NEWS, PARIS, KY., AUGUST 14 1914S40 000 STOCK TO BE SOLD QUIC K!i ' iTfgrtffUfi.w;mit$25 FER, CEJ3SFT. OFF7!NOW GO ING ON!Every article in our immense stock will be sold at, one-fourth off for CASH. We want to reduce the stock and at the sametime RAISE CASH. This big reduction is mede on everything except diamonds. A rare chance to save money onWatches, Rings, Silverware, Novelties, Clocks, Bronze Statuary, Purses, Umbrellas,jn fact, everything goes in this sale. Remember you can't buy the WINTERS kind of jewelry exept at WINTERS' STORE th7store with a reputation.Everyjthins MarkedINPlain Figures!A. J. WINTERS CO25 Per Cent OffFORParis, Kentucky.i1HS OF MILLEBSBURGMr. D. P. Jones left Tuesday fortwo-weeks' outing in Michigan.Mrs.day evening with Rook a number ofher friends, and Miss Martha Smithentertained, "Wednesday 'afternoon.Mrs. C. W. Corrington gave apicture show party at Mont JoyTuesday evening to the little folks,in honor of her niece, Miss ElizabethConway, of Atlanta, Ga.ITnnmT T ,ri f -rll ! " 'lauW civia. uj. uu.uu.i3, I t1o T3r.c -,,,1, v. T, i,Texas, is spending a week at the M.! of'Mrs jA Miller for the pasttwo weeks, left Tuesday for a shortvisit to friends at Lexington and fromthere to her home in Oklahoma... Born On Monday, to Mr. andtamily . TVTT-a T AT AlirQ.p-ri nf T.o Tiri.nn nU.r,Iositto tn.Axr f. o rr.fl,'o ,'., . io. . ", " uaiTicuuuifiivsutu VW UU.J J.VA C 1UUUIU O OUJUU1U ILToronto, Canada.F. CMiss Helen Yun, of the M. F. Cis the guest of Miss Charlotte Stils,at Maysville.Mr. J. P. Redmon andREAL ESTATE DEALS.Mr. W. S. Hughes sold to Mr. M.O. Biddle, who recently removed herefrom Fleming county, a one-storyframe "cottage on the Clintonvillepike, in the old Fair Grounds addition to Paris for $2,100. Possessionwill be given August 20. ,Mr. J. D. Booth sold to Mrs. C.M. Clay 156 acres of land on theSpears Mill pike, adjoining Mrs.Clay's homestead, "Avergne," at aprivate price.Mrs. C. C. Fisher and -daughter,Elizabeth Fisher, are guests of Mrs.Hansonf as Stanford.Miss Annie Cummins, of Emiinence, arrived Monday as. the guestof Miss Bessie Purnell.Mr. Ed. Marr, of. Henderson, Ga.,arrived Monday as the guest of hissister, Mrs. W. D. Mclntyre.Mrs. W. D. Mclntyre entertainedTuesday evening in 'honor of herbrother, Mr. Ed. Marr, of Henderson,Ga.Mrs. Frankie Cook left Tuesdaytor a week's visit to her brothers,Messrs. J. K. and S. R. Allen, at Win- jChester.sr-JCrs. E. M. Ingles entertainedTuesday 'afternoon with Rook inhonor of her sister-in-law, Mrs. J. V.Ingels, of Eminence.Miss Agnes Wadell is at homeafter a month's visit to her grandfather, Mr. Cinner, and other relatives, at Bardstown.Mrs. C. M. Best returned Sundayfrom St. Joseph Hospital, Lexington,where she has been under treatmentior several weeks, much improved.Mrs. J. P. Hicks entertained Tues-the home of Mr. and Mrs. O. W.Ingles, in this city, a handsome sonJohn Lassing Alverson. Mrs. Alverson is the daughter of Mr. J. G.Allen, and has been with her sister,Mrs. O. W. Ingels, for several weeks.f-FINE EXCURSION TRIP.Kentucky River excursion to Frankfort, Wednesday, Aug. 19. Roundtrip $1.00. Train leaves Paris 8:25 a.m., returning leaves Frankfort 5 p. m.Auspices Baraca Society BaptistChurch.ONE-FOURTH OFF.One-fourth off regular price on everything in my store during our sale.All sales are for cash. Diamonds notincluded,(tf) A. J. WINTERS & CO.LOOK! LOOK!Think of it $8.00 and $8.50 greenand brown Porch Chairs, at $4.50,while they last.(7-tf) A. F. WHEELER & CO.FINE EXCURSION TRIP.Kentucky River excursion to Frankfort, Wednesday, Aug. 19. Roundtrip $1.00. Train leaves Paris 8:25m. Auspices Bacraca Society BaptistAuspices Baraca Society BaptistChurch.NOTICE TO WATERSUMERCON-I amOwing to the drouthcompelled ask all consumersto economize as much as possible. Please do not use hoseon yards or street. Flowerscan be watered as they needbft a small amount.Respectfully,NEWTON MITCHELL,Superintendent.PUBLIC NOTICE.MANHATTANS REDUCED.Two-thirds of the people of Parisuse hydrant water for drinking purposes. The less water in Stoner thegreater the probability of pollution. 'Do not use it extravagantly. It is bet- Nnf ? fn fc71h Flitfirlter to sacrifice the beauty of .the AviiU tvJ XXCML 111 L UllUlawn or the fruitfulness of the gardenthan to chance a human life.(tf) A. H. KELLER, Health Officer.Father never knows enough to taketut i, i 7 1 a screwdnver and fix anything aroundManhattan shirts at reduced nrices the house, hut. iwnv vnnwe o.'tnw-A qtohla Xrnifa ot1 -mti.n.-. 1,MITCHELL & BLAKEMORE'S. ' out of the kid's bank.Cotage Wanted.Modern cottage of five or six rooms,with, bath and gas; close in. Address ROBERT P. WALSH,(aug-21-3t) Mt. Sterling,- Ky.Beneficiaries.LOST.On Wednesday afternoon, inThe Commissioners of the GarthFund will meet the present beneficiaries at the court house, in Paris, onMonday, August 17, 9:30 p. m. Beneficiaries are requested to bring reports from their last school, andvouchers and receipts for all expenditures. Also bring texe books usedlast year. Each benificary mustbring report of his standing and deportment.lfte Commissioners will meet thenew applicants at the same place andtime on Tuesday, August 18. Newor 1 applicants must bring reports and tes-Jnear Paris, lady's shepherd's checkedcoat, lined with brown silk. Fastened in coat was Georgetown HighSchool pin '08. Suitable reward forreturn to this office.timonials from their last school.For Rent.New five-room bungalow on Sixteenth Street. Has all modern conveniences gas, Dath ana electriclights Immediate possession. Apply toMISS FRANCES BUTLER,(aug-14-lt) Cumberland Phone 172..MiMBmaBaMBiBiaiani"A.- 1SoVERiDONT MISSTHEGREAT SHOE SALE(aug-14-lt)JOHN T. COLLINS,C. M. THOMAS,E. M. DICKSON,Commissioners.Attractive Investment.Six-room modern dwelling house onCypress Street for sale. Has attractive three-piece bath room outfit, electric lights, gas, sewer, two halls, largefront and back porches, pantry, presses, cellar, etc. The rooms are largeand well ventilated, and the locationof the property first class. Newlypainted and papered throughout.Purchaser, if immediate, is offereda renter for a period of from one tothree years at $300 per year. Theparty who wishes to lease this property is a substantial and thoroughlyreliable business man, and amply ableto own his own property if he so desired. The present owners have placed the right price on this property forquick sale. Terms easy. If interested, call onMILLER & LILLESTON,Both Phones 41.Paris, Ky.Furniture StorageIN THENEELY BUILDINGCorner Fourth and Pleasant Streets.Big Money-Saving Opportunities at OurCash Raising Sale. Men's, Women'sand Children's High Grade Shoesat Less Than Cost Price,These Exceedingly Low Prices Are Prevailing.Having leased the NEELY BUILDING for a term of years forthe location of my Job Printing Plant, which now occupies onehalf of the ground floor, the remaining portion (two floors andone-half) will be used as a General Storage Warehouse'for furniture, etc., and I am now prepared to receive goods at reasonablecharges. Call 640 Cumberland Phone.The building is well adapted for a Storage Warehouse, beingone of the best built in Paris. The walls are eighteen inches thick;floors supported by large trussed girders; fire walls above metalroof; first-class elevator. The building Is only joined by otherproperty thirty-five feet in the rear. It is nearer fire-proof thanany building in Paris, and will be known as theSafety Storage Warehouse .Full receipt will be given for everything received, and each'article or,container will be numbered by lot and piece. The SafetyStorage Warehouse will be run to conform with all State laws,and parties trusting goods to our care-can rest assured that they; will be well cared for.FRANK REMINGTON, Proprietor.Cumberland Telephone 640.Ladies' White Canvas Shoes andBaby Doll Pumps, $3.00 values, at $1.49Ladies' Patent Colt or Dull KidBaby Doll Pumps, $3.50 values,at $1.99 and $1.49Ladies' Wh'te Canvas ColonialPumps, Best Makes, $3.00 values at $1.99 and $1.49Ladies' Colonial Pumpsr FrenchHeel $3.00 Values.. $1.99 and $1.49Ladies' Colonial Pumps, miloShoes, $5.00 values.. $2.99 and $2.49Lad'es'at ..Kid Oxfords, $2.50 valuesMisses5 and Children's High Grade Shoes, Oxfords and Pumps in allleathers and styles at the lowest prices. Baref bot Sandals and OutingShoes at Sale Prices. Don't miss this moneysaying opportunity. '. Greatest.$1.49Lad'es' Suede Button Oxfords,$5.00 values, at $1.99Ladies' Suede$3.00 values,2-StrapatPumps,.$1.49rLadles' Gun Meta'l Oxfords, $2.00values, at 99CMen's Walk-Over Oxfords, $4.50values at $2.99Men's Tan Rubber Sole Oxfords,$4.00 values, at $2.49Men's Tan and BlackRubber SoleOxfords, Goodyear Welts, $4.50 ,yalues, at $2.99Men's Tan and Gun Metal EnglishLast, Shoes and Oxfords, ofthe Beacon Make, $4.50 va!1ues, at $3.49Men's Tan and B'Jack Oxfordsand Shoes, all Lasts, of the Famous Walk-Over Make, Bestvalues, at $4.00 and $3.50Men's Tan Vici Oxfords, BroadToe, Best for Comfort, $4.00values, at $2.99WALTER MARTINERNEST MARTININEW LIVERY STABLE!Men's Oxfordsbest Makes,and Shoes ''of the$3.00 values $1.99Boys' Gun Metal Shoes and Oxfords, $3.00 values ..$1.99 and $1.49New Carriages, Buggies,Etc. Special AttentionWeddings, Funerals,Dances, Etc.Runabouts.Given toParties;8IHorses Boarded By Day, Week or Month!Hauling of Every Description Done.ness a Specialty.Transfer Busi-Ks KmJ J"T3LShoeJzU J-M J3StoreUOur stables on Eighth Street will continue under themanagement of Mr. Walter Martin and the Main 'Streetplace will be run by Mr. Ernest Martin.MARTIN BROS.5 Stables-Bgth St., Main St.Both Phones.- tv: --VX- 1r. x.yfTfiiimnrrif r7rL ".fc-JkLdfcwMfr'W