- VTK, Jfc- 'NJTHENEWS- , . - i.'PUBLISHED EVFBY TUESDAY AND FBIDAY IN THE YEABXVOLUME XXXIIPARIS, KENTUCKY, FRIDAY, JUNE 5, 1914.ON. CM. THOMAS"ILARGE IN THEIN"WE KNOW HOW".2iSELF-DEFENSE.VsBOURBONANLOOMSOFFICEROSr1ANNOUNCEDWlMEXICAN STUATQN41Statement to Press OutlinesPosition on Questions ofPublic Import.WILL MAKEACTIVE CAMPAIGN.Lays Particular Stress UponBourbon's Right to Repe; resentation.To the Democrat of the 7th Congressional District:I hereby announce myself a candidate for your nomination as Representative in Congress, subject to the action you shall take in the August Primary.I make this announcement at therequest of Democrats of each of thetwelve counties having a voice in thedecision of the matter, and make itbelieving that a large majority of theDemocrats of this district, dependentas we are upon agriculture, desire tobe represented at Washington by onewho will interpret their wishes andfurther their interests in all mattersaffected by Congressional action.I make it secondly, because I believe the foremost and supreme question in our domestic policies is thecontrol of the saloon and liquor business, and that the Demcrats of thisdistrict are ambitious for representation that would have supported theWebb-Kenyon bill, and that will, beyond doubt or question, labor andvote to maintain it upon the statutesThat there may be no doubt as to myposition upon this and kindred matters I wish every Democrat to know in-advance of his casting a vote for methat I am opposed to everything forwhich the saloon stands. If you nominate and elect me as your representative I pledge every possible effortto render you a faithful service.Respectfully,CLAUDE M. THOMAS.Paris, Kentucky, June 2, 1914.News Notes of Happening Inthe Different Zones of theConntry.WASHINGTON, June 4. Carranzaloomed yesterday as the crux in themediation situation. Upon his message to the South American envoyeshangs in the immediate scope of thediplomatic endeavors to bring orderout of chaos in the Southern Republic. The note was expected definitely to determine whether mediationwere to be confined to the dispute between Huerta and the United Statesor to include the entire problem ofMexico's pacification, with the Constitutionalists represented at the Niagara conference.STILL SCRAPPING.DURANGO, MEX., June 4. Threedecisive engagements with Federaltroops between Zacatecas and SanLuis Potosi were won by the Constitutionalists on May 30 and 31, according to reports received by GeneralCarranza. Colonel Reyes, with 600men of the command of General Carrora Torres, who is investing SanLois Potosi, administered a decisivedefeat to. a large Federal force sentfrom San Luis to reinforce the Salinas garrison.TO BLOCKADE TAMPICO.MEXICO CITY, June 4. Mexicangunboats have received orders toblockade the port of Tampico, it wasannounced by the War Minister, General Blanquefc This action has beentaken to prevent the Constitutionalists receiveing a shipment of armsand ammunition, which is believed tobe on "its way from New Orleansaboard a steamer.JAPS REFUSE.WASHINGTON, June, 4. A reportfrom the cruiser Albany, sent at 8 p.m. Monday, says the Japanese steamer, Ooiya 'Mara, arrived at Salina,Cruze, on Sunday, and left for Peru,withoue landing arms nd ammunition.It is understood by Admiral Howardtha the Japanese line declined to carry them.After mature deliberation and consideration of the matter in all itsphases, Hon. Claude M. Thomas, ofthis city, on Tuesday gave to thepress the announcement of his candidacy for the Democratic nominationfor Congressman from the SeventhCongressional District, to succeed thepresent incumbent. Hon. J. CampbellCantrill, of Georgetown.For several months Mr. Thomas hasbeen urgently solicited by hundredsof friends all over the district to enter the arena, and his determinationto make the race came to public notice in card printed above.Few men in Kentucky are betterfitted to represent the famous oldAshland District in Congress than isClaude Thomas. He graduated fromPrinceton some twenty-five years ago,and has been all his life a close student of history and politics and haskept himself informed on all the political issues of the last twenty-fiveyears. He has been a life-long andconsistent Democrat and has servedthe State in both, branches of the Legislature and was sent as Consul toMarseilles during Mr. Cleveland's second administration. He is an educated and cultured gentleman, a student and lover of books, but alsokeenly interested in all questions thataffect the lives happiness of men.He has spent h..- almost entirelyon the farm wher now lives andwhere he was bor:., A where, nodoubt, he expects to uls when hishour mm pk. and all l" s interests'navfi hppn and will continue linked!with the farm. If elected to Congresshe would ably represent the greatagricultural interests in wlncli tne jpeople of this district are mainly interestedinterests which have beenpractically without representation inthe present Congress, as evidenced bythe passage of a tariff bill in whichmost of the products of the farm havebeen put on the free list.dnJie temperance question, which is'certlfn to be an important one in thiscampaign, Mr. Thomas is the veryantithesis of Mr. Cantrill. Mr. Thomas'has been the advocate of all the temperance legislation that has gone onthe statute books of Kentucky in thelast twenty years, while Mr. Cantrillhas been uncompromisingly hostileto every statute that has been enacted looking to the control or regulation of the liquor traffic.Mr. Thomas when in the Senatewas the champion of the County UnitBill and it was largely through his influence that that law was enacted,while Mr. Cantrill was always the opponent of that bill, and in the lastsession of Congress he voted againstthe Webb Bill. ,While other counties in the districthave had representatives in the Congressional lower House, Bourbon hasnever been accdrded that honor, andit is now time thafthe county shouldbe recognized. And in that connection we can truthfully reiterate theassertion that no more thoroughlycompetent man could be selected from"the countv to fill the high position ofeonrraawaan from the 'famed IdFORMER PARIS BOY ATU. S. NAVAL ACADEMY.The official honor roll of the graduating class of the United States Naval Academy was made public yesterday. There are four Kentucky menin this year's classv, which numbers154 men. The Kentuckians in the order of their standing are William H.Porter, Jr., No. 36; Allan W Ashbrook, No. 38; William Austin, No.133, and Haiden T. Dickinson, No. 148.Ashbrook is a son of Mrs. JennieWithers Ashbrook, formerly of Paris,and was appointed to Annapolis byCongressman Cantrill. After graduation he will be given a short furloughand will then be assigned to duty onthe U. S. S. Vermont, with rank ofensign.Deputy Sheriff MarshallViciously Attacked ByNegress.tar- XJENNIE JOHNSONTHVICTIM..meraSlashes Officer Vvith RazorWhen Former ServesWarrant.Forced to shoot in order to protecthis life, which was menaced by arazor in the hands of an infuriatedngress, Deputy Sheriff Ollie Marshall,shotand seriously wounded JennieJohnson, colored, at the woman'shome in Ruckerville, Wednesday afternoon. Sheriff Marshall, armed with a warrant for Johnson woman's arrest ona charge of poisoning a, neighbor'schickens, went to the Johnson homeWednesday afternoon, and, findingthe door fastened, demanded admission, stating the nature of his business. The woman refused to admitthe officer, who then pushed the doorin. As he came in the woman darted at him with a razor in one handand a large bladed pocket knife inthe other, and slashed at the deputywith the razor. Mr. Marshall wardedoff the blow with his arm, the bladeof the razor slashing his coat sleeve.Mr. Marshall, not wishing to harmthe woman backed away, and cautioned the woman not to come anyfurther or he would shoot. The negress continued to advance and as shemade another vicious demonstrationat Mr. Marshall with the razor, hedrew his revolver and backed entirelyout of the room onto a closed rearporch, the Johnson woman still pursuing and slashing at him. Finding noother avenue open to him and hemedin on all sides, the officer fired threeshots in succession from an automatic32-caliber revolver. One grazed theback of the woman's neck, who hadDeen advancing in a cruuumug position another entered the arm near theshoulder, and the third penetrated the'center of the woman's breast, goingentirely though the body. Neighborscalled in Dr. C. G. Daugherty, who examined the woman find pronouncedthe wounds not necessarily fatal. Unless complications set in the womanhas a fair chance for recovery .Jennie Johnson is credited withhaving an extremey vicious disposition. She is a daughter of GarrettJohnson, for many years an employeof the Paris Milling Co. Johnsondied a few months ago, and it isalleged that his daughter, in a fit oanger, struck him on the head withan axe, the blow being indirectly responsible for his death.BOARD OF EDUCATIONTO MEET TO-MORROW.The County Board of Education willmeet Saturday at the courthouse forthe election of teachers for the nextschool year. The time- of the different divisions to meet is as follows:Division No. 1, D. C. Lisle, chairman; Allen "Barlow, J. M. Leach, A.P. Adair and Grant Galloway at 2 p.m. in Miss Robbin's office.Division No. 2, T. B. Brannock,chairman; J. C. Keller, Jas. W. Estes,G. W. Moreland and Thos. Padgett,10 o'clock a. m.Division No. 3, T. W. Current, chairman; H. W. Purdy, O. H. Collier andLetton Vimont, 10:30 a. m. -Division No. 4, Mrs. Jno. Ockerman,chairman, Mrs. Albert Mitchell, Reynolds Letton and Ernest Crouch, 3 p.m.Division No. 5, J. W. Tanner, chairman, G. L. Rice, J. N. Mason, C. N.Martin and Jas. Liter, 9 a. m.Division No. 6, J. F. Ingles, chairman, R. L. Stipp, W. E. Stilwell, Jos.Jacoby and F. P. White, 1:30 p. m."Ashland District" than Hon. ClaudeM. Thomas, of Paris. There is not aDemocrat in the county "who could notgo to the polls on August 1 and casthis vote for him as a matter of countypride in a Bourbon County citizen.That of itself should impel everygood Democrat, irrespective of hispersonal views on certain questions,to help by his vote to send to Washington a clean-handed, clean-minded,able man like Hon. Claude M. Thomas. Being from and -for BourbonCounty he slfould receive the vote ofevery Democrat in the county on theprinciple of upholding and supportinga genuine home-raised statesman.Mr. Thomas plans to begin his campaign at once and to keep everlastingly at it, from this time on until thepolls are closed on the evening of Saturday, August 1.Let's help him to make BourbonCounty famous in the halls of Congress, where the sons of other counties in the district have shone "like diamonds in the sunlight.BOURBON FISCAL COURTIN REGULAR SESSION.The June term of the Bourbon Fiscal Court convened in the CountyCourt rooni yesterday with CountyJudge Chas. A. McMillan presiding,and Justices Ernest Martin, E. P.Thomason, R. H Burris, J. J. Redmon, A. L. Stephenson, O. B. Lloydand R. O. Turner present.The report of Road Engineer C. -F.Redmon for May was read and accepted. Accounts amounting to $672.32against the county were allowed.Ordered that $807.36 be paid toAlonzo McKenzie for 152 rods on theRoseberry pike.'Ordered that $700.00 be paid toShea & Carmody for work on theIron Works extension turnpike.Ordered that $400.00 be paid forwork on the Shropshire pike whentheir sureties file written requestwith the Road Engineer.County Judge C. A. McMillan andRoad Engineer C. F. Redmon were appointed a committee to purchase culverts needed by the .county.Ordered that the salary -of theCounty Health Officer be fixed at $500per year, to begin at election of nextHealth Officer by the Board of Health,and continue' until expiration of histerm of office.Ordered that County Treasurer S.E. Bedford borrow the sum of $15,000for use of the Turnpike Fund, and execute note for same, payable. Dec. 1,1914, to bear 6 per cent, interestfrom date untjl paid.Ordered that warrants be drawn infavor of the National Park Bank, orbearer, for $1,518.75, to pay intereston Court House bonds, due July 1,1914.Court adjourned until July 2, 1914.-v'com-WeDon't Burn UpThese Hot DaysBut Come to our store and buy one of those cool,fortable, light-weight Linen Coats and Trousers,have them in all grades, from$4 to $10Made without any lining---just the kind to catch the coolbreezes when they come your way. Linen Coat andTrousers in Tans and Greys, Linen Pongee, extra light. weights, for$4.00 "think of it! $2.00 for Coat and $2.00 for Trousers TDo not delay buy now.Tvyi'tiJUAiv'&jl,..- ..-'-V 'I"-". 51 X-Mitchell & Blakemore,The Store for Men's Styles Paris, KentuckyFRANK &, CO.BIG CLEARANCE SALEOFReady to Wear Garments !J CompareOur Prices With Other Stores, Then Come In and See the Garments"You Will Be Surprised at the Real Bargains Offered.AT $9.95Silk, Poplin and Moire 'Suits,and Black.14I44All Colors44".4444-AT $9.95 xAny Ordinary Size Wool Suit in Our EntireStock Worth Up To $35.00.AT $7.50We ore Offering a Very Select Line ofMisses' and Ladies' Suits WorthUp To $20.00.AT $9.95Any Ladies' Silk or Cloth Coat Worth UpTo $25.00.AT $4.S5Any Child's Separate Coat Worth RegularlyUp To $15.00.AT $3.95Any Serge or Eponge Dress That Sold Formerly Up To $8.50.44444444444444444444.44444444J44tI,Come Early and Get Choice44iBOYS TO GO TO PENFOR LIFE TERMS."At Covington, Tuesday, Henry Landrum, aeed 16. was found guilty bya jury in Judge 'Tracy's court of thewilful murder of John Litton, aged 60, ;several weeks ago, and sentenced to 'life imprisonment. Louis Morehead,aged 18, was convicted in thesamecourt a week ago forthe same murder and given- the smef sentence. JFRANK 6c CO.The Store Where Reliability Reigns....,r -' -Cs-".s.THE BpURBON NEWS, PARIS, KENTUCKY, JUNE- 5 1914t'Every business man knows how difficult it is to keep the pigeon holes and drawersof his desk free from the accumulation of useless papers. Every housewife knowsbow difficult it is to keep her home free from the accumulation of all mannerof useles things. So it is with the body. It is difficult to keep it free from theaccumulation of waste matter. Unless the waste is promptly eliminated the machinery of the body soon becomes clogged. This is the beginning of most human ills.DR. PIERCE'SGOLDEN MEDICAL DISCOVERYOn Tablet or liquid Form)Assists the stomach in the proper digestion of food, which is turned into healthfcustaining blood and all poisonous waste matter is speedily disposed of throughNature's channels. It makes men and women clear-headed and able-bodied restoresto them the health and strength of youth. Now ia the time for your rejuvecatwn.Send 50 cents for a trial box of this medicine.Sead 31 one-cent stamps for Dr.Pierce's Comsaoa Sense MedicalAdviser 1008 pages worth $2. Always handy ia case of family ilmessIAddress Jr. V. M. Pierce, Buffalo, N. Y,emmmmmmflmflemmOammmmmlmmmmmVsmmmmmmmVemmmmmmTJemmHmmmmmLIU Paris Rome telephone and CeUgrapb 6)(Incorporated)J. J. VEATCH, District Manager. K. E. SPEARS, Commerical Manager.Bourbon LaundryDWIS & FUNK, Props.Telephone No. 4. West 5 Street (iBourbon Laundry., Paris Kentucky,.'s.j?'.-r.1r.Jir.Jtr..r...f V-uSCtGlyx W.FUNERAL Blfifc-CTOa ANDBOTH'PKONES DAY 137; NIGHT 299.4x C t! Fitting ! IPlumbing and Elecri- Jt cal Work in All XTheir Branches;J Masda (Tungston) Lamps JStoves, Ranges JX and Appliances. $Spicer &m! Gilchrist,Elks' Building f2 E.E. Phone, 103 Jtit Home Phone, 101 J-V- When you feel Sszztvous, tired, worried or despondent it issure sign you need MOTTS NERVERINPILLS. They renew the normal vigor armake life worth living. Be sure and ask A.t Motrs Nerverine Pffls &;. -WILLIAMS MFG. CO., Pre... CUrtUad, Ofe-. Oberiorfer, Drvggiat, Puis, Ky.Have You aHOME TELEPHONEOur Bourbon CountyBusiness is GrowingMof e Rapidly ThanEver Before.Ask Your NeighborJ About TheService, Then Let Us Figure With YouWe Take Pleasure.in "oing up the finest shirtwaists or anything in thelaundry line. That is whaymade ihe Bourbon Laundrtfamous fo fine work and itdever goes btfck on its reputation. If you are particularabout how your linen islaundered, your custom is thekind we want as we like toappreciateeDAVISLICENSED EMotmIany people suffer the tortures oflame inuscles and stiffened joints becauseof impurities in the blood, and each succeeding attack seems more acute untilrheumatismhas invaded tlie whole system.To arrest rheumatism it is quite as important to improve your general health asto purify your blood, and the cod liver oilin Scott'sEmulsion is nature'sgreat bloodmaker, while its medicinal nourishmentstrengthens the organs to expel theimpurities and upbuild your strength.Scott's Emulsion is helping thousandsevery day who could not find other relief.Refuse the alcoholic substitutes.lew BarbershopCorner Fourth and MainModern EquipmentPolite Service. vEverything Sanitary.Children's Work a Specialty.CARL CRAWFORDOuickly relieves Khenmatlsra. Sore Mus-' Vf0t " ;"&, "B.tt.aJiD, u.auiwuw wuu.In. 'K7Ai.flal rr n..1r.Mli. UnArtaftttn nnilall rains, lour monev uacic 11 it ians to itIters anr ache in any nart of the bock" iijifteen minutes time.jrrtee sue, jLt jlu JJruggtsts.Free Maple asd circular teat oa reqoeit,BOIMBON REMEDY COMPANY.342 East Maid St.. ' LwiM4M,Ky.,The Bourbon NewsEstablished 1881-32 Years of Continouous Publication.SWIFT CHAMP, Editor and Owner.(Entered at the Paris, Kentucky,Postofiice as Mail Matter of "theSecond Class.)One Year $2.00 Six Months. $1.00Payable in Advance.Published Every Tuesday and FridayADVERTISING RATESDisplay Advertisements, $1.00 perinch for first time; 50 pents per incheach subsequent instertion.Reading Notices, 10 cents per lineeach issue; reading notices in blacktype, 20 cents per line, each issue.Cards of thanks, calls on candidates, obituaries and resolutions, andsimilar matter, 10 cents per line.Special rates for large advertisemnts and yearly contracts.The right of publisher is reservedto decline any advertisement or othermatter offered for publication.Space is a newspaper's stock intrade and source of revenue.MEDIATION BOSH, SAYSREFUGEE FROM MEXICO.H. L. Wilson, a refugee from Hostotipaquilla, Mexico, who was in Louisville recently, en route to his homeat Staunton, Va., expressed the opinion that "the mediation proceedingsare all bosh."Mr. Wilson said that it was merelya question of time until the UnitedStates had to intervene 'in Mexico,and that the task would not be nearlyso difficult as is generally supposedin this country.Mr. Wilson, who has been in Mexicofor about ten years was metallurgistfor the El Savor Mining Company, atHostotipaqualla in the State of Jaliseo, on the Pacific Coast. He narrowly escaped with his life when hisparty was attacked by several hundred Mexicans on April 26, during thehigh feeling against Americans occasioned by the occupation of VeraCruz. Two of his companions, anAmerican and a Briton, were killed,and two severely wounded.The ringleaders of the attackingforce were a band of about thirtyfree-booters who had been in theneigborhood for about a year withoutcausing any trouble to the foreigners.At noon on April 26, two bars ofgold, valued at about ?2,000, were stolen from the storeroom, and six ofthe party of seven at the mine seizedtheir arms and started on a searchthrough the mesquite for the robbers.One man was left to hold the stockade and watch towers which hadbeen erected about the quarters.When the manager of the mine returned from the search a mob of fiftyMexicans attacked him as he enteredthe gate. He managed to get Insideand bar the gate but both the manager and the man who was left onguard were badly wounded.C, H, Hoadley, of Branford, Conn;and G. E. Williams, an Englishman,were surrounded and captured whenthey returned. They surrendered oncondition that their lives be spared,if they gave up their arms, but assoon as this was done they werekilled and their bodies mutilated. Mr.Wilson, learning of the attack, secreted himself in the mine, while theother two members of the party remained in the woods. By this timeabout 300 Mexicans were beseigingthe stockade, or searching the woods.Federal soldiers were sent from anearby town that night to restore order, but before their arrival the mobhad dynamited the stockade and effected an entrance. The two wounded men, who defended the placeused shot guns, as they did not wishto kill any of the attacking party.They reasoned that if none of theMexicans were killed, they would bemore lenient, in case any of the menoutside the stockade were captured,and prepared to sell their lives asdearly as possible, but the Mexicans,after one of their number had beenkilled and nine wounded, saw that theforeigners were at last fighting inearnest and contented themselveswith looting the store and quarters ofthe gold in the store room. As theoutput of the mine was shippingaway every few days only about $15,000 was on hand. .The total loss tothe company, however, was about$50,000.When quiet had been restored bythe Federal soldiers the affars of thecompany were wound up and a fewdays later the diminished party escaped to Manzanillo, a port about 150miles away. Mr. Wilson stayed forseveral days on an American warvessel, the Maryland, and then madehis way to San Francisco.His brother, J. R. Wilson, a miningengineer, of Pachuca, State of Hidalgo, narrowly escaped being murderedby a mob at about the same time.He finally made his escape to MexicoCity.Mr. Wilson says that many of thebetter class in Mexico wish for intervention. He gives it as his opinionthat no stable government can be setup there unless it is backed by theAmerican army. He considers Villafar worse than Huerta and says thatyilla could not maintain his government as well as Huerta has done,even if he is victorious in the struggle against the Federals.ONLY ONE ENTIRELY SATISFACTORY. "I have tried various colic and diarrhoea remedies hut the only one thathas given me entire satisfaction andcured me when I was' afflicted isChamberlain's Colic. Cholera and Diarrhoea Remedy. I recommend it tomy friends at all times," writes S. N.Galloway, Stewart, S. C. For sale byall dealers. '(June)The reason why they call him the"best man" at a wedding is becauseIhe goes away single alter '.'the ceremony. rCRYING FOR HELP.Lots of It in Paris But Daily GrowingLess.The kidneys often cry for help.Not another organ in the wholebody more delicately constructed.Not one more important to health.The kidneys are the filters of theblood.When they fail the blood becamesfoul and poisonous.There can be no health where thereis poisoned blood.Backache is one of the frequent indications of kidney trouble.It is often the kidneys' cry for -help.Heed it.Read what Doan's Kidney Pillshave done for overworked kidneys.Proof- of merit in the followingstatement:Mrs. Eva Cooper, Main Street,Winchester, Ky., says: "Although Inever had occasion to use a kidneyremedy myself, I can strongly recommend Doan's Kidney Pills for wehave taken them in the family withfine results. One of the family hastaken them with excellent results forpain in the back and kidneys."Price 50c, at all dealers. Don't. simply ask for a kidney remedy getDoan's Kidney Pills the same thatMrs. Cooper had. Foster-Milburn Co.,Props., Buffalo, N. Y."GOV." BOWEN MAYJOIN FIELDS' MINSTRELS.Al. G. Fields has made a verytempting offer to "Gov." Bowen fornext season and the Winchester blackface comedian met the minstrel kingin Cincinnati to talk the matter over.It is quite likely that he will be seenwith the Fields show next season.Last year Mr. Bowen was with theCoburn Minstrels as general manager, but, although he received a goodsalary, the show is not a top notcher."TIZ" FIXES TIRED,SORE, SWOLLEN FEETGood-bye sore feet, burning feet,swollen feet, sweaty feet, smellingfeet, tired feet.Good-bye, 'Corns, callouses, bunionsaim raw spots. INOmore shoe tightness, no more limpng with pain orrawing up yourface in agony"TIZ" is magical,acts right o ff."TIZ" draws outall the poisonousexudations whichpuff up the feet.Use "TIZ" and forget your foot misery. Ah! howcomfortable your feet feel. Get a 25cent box of "TIZ" now at any druggistor department store. Don't suffer.Have good feet, glad feet, feet thatnever swell, never hurt, never gettired. A year's foot comfort guaranteed or money refunded.(No. 1-fri)"CllFed99Mrs. Jay McGee, of Stephenville, Texas, writes: "Fornine (9) years, I suffered withwomanly trouble. I had terrible headaches, and pains inny back, etc. It seemed as if1 would &?, 1 suffered so. Atlast, I decided to try Cardui,the woman's Ionic, and ithelped me right away. Thefull treatment net only helpedme, but it cured ma."TAKE. TSie Women's TosilsCardui helps women in timeof greatest need, because itcontains ingredients which actspecifically, yet gently, on theweakened womanly organs.So, if you feel discouraged,blue, out-oi-sorts. unable todo your household work, onaccount of your condition, stopworrying and give Cardui atrial. It has helped thousandsof women, why not you?Try Cardui. E-71Of BOURBON POULTRY CUREflown a chick's throat curesgapes, A few drops In thedrinking water cures andprevents cholera, diarrhoeaand other chick diseases. One50c bottle makes 12 gallons ofmedicine At all druggists.Sample and booklet on 'Diseases of Fowls" sent FREE.Bourbon Remedy Co. Lexington, IjFor Sale, -oy W, T. BrooksliiJMMJ 1LFJIIM 3L1 1 3BMi i r-jH i i gjTWC r"W m.ft 1(f One application soothes and heals a roughpimply.skin,andjwhenrepeatcd,quicklyeffectsa cure. Eczema, ErysipeUs, Tetter, Ulcers and 1all skin diseases yield to its curative properties. ISGcabox. At aH Druggists. ISend or free sample and book. "Health aad Beauty." JJOHNCTON, HOLLOWAYftiCO., M1730 Sprtog ardmn St., ".' MIOpportunity Knocks But Once atYour Door. It is Knotking"TO DAY"Now is the time to think of your nextWinter's Coal.Cheaper now than any time duringthe r. Avail yourselves now.Dodson & DentonParis, Ky.Yards, South Main StiSPECIAL TRAIN EXCURSIONCINCINNATI AND RETURNSunday, June 7, 191 4$.25RoundTripSPECIAL TRAINLeaves GEORGETOWN 7:45 a.mASK TICKET AGENT FOR PARTICULARS.A NEAT BARBER SHOP.Mr. Carl Crawford has opened up anew and cozy barber shop at the corner of Fourth and Main streets. Newfurniture, sterilizers, hot water heaters, etc. Mr. Crawford and anothercapable barber are in charge and areready to take care of the wnts of theparticular men. Mr. Crawford invitesall his old customers and the generalpublic to visit him in his new place.(24-tf)iSHS- 4eike Lamp Oil that. Saves EyesNothinrr i? mnrp imnrcrtoTif: In thnhome than clear, steady light. Insurethis by getting the oil that burnsclear and clean -without a flickerdown to the last drop. Pennsylvaniauruue 011 rennea xo periecuon.Costs no more than the inferiortankwagon oils saves MONEY savesWORK saves eves.Your dealer has SOLITE OIL inbarrels direct from our works.Chas. C. Stoii OH Co.Lexington, Ky.Refinery at Warren, Pa.We sell the celebrated "No Carb"Auto Oil".SBesHI INSURANCE !S AGAINST , tFIRE, WINDt andLIGHTNINGW. 0. HINTON, !AGENT.For Old. Strong, Reliable,T Prompt-Paying Companies, see Jme. JSPECIAL TO WOMENThe most economical, cleansing andgermicidal of all antiseptics isA soluble Antiseptic Powder tobe dissolved in water as needed.As a medicinal antiseptic for douchesin treating catarrh, inflammation orulceration of nose, throat, and thatcaused by feminine ills it has no equal.For ten years the Lydia E. PinkhamItfedicine Co.has recommended Paxtinein theirt private correspondence withwomen, which proves its superiority.Women who have been cured sayit is "worth its weight in gold." Atdruggists. 50c. large box, or by mail.The Paxtoa Toilet Co., Boston, Masa."IBoth Phones1408.25RoundTripX CANCER CURED JI guarantee every case I urv Jt dertake; 20 years practice; refX erence, any citizen of Paris.DR. WM. R. SMITH,.T Paris, Ky.Spruce UpNow is the time to haveyour wearing apparel cleaned and put in order, forSpring.Wc Do the WorkRight.Comparison will affordyou an opportunity tojudge.Give Us a Tria3.ELECTRICBY GLEANiO GO.b C'ahal 4 Applegate, ProDS.S 627 Main St, Paris, Ky.m.tmmmmmm9mm99mi99mmCurtis&OverbyBusiness Men's Barber Shop,(Next to Bourbon Bank).3 - CHAIRS - 3Expert BarbersPolite AttentionHot and Cold Baths at AHoursNo Long Waits.A Share of the Public Pal;ronage Solicited.Professional CardsDr. Wm. Kenney,PARIS ,' KENTUCKY.Office 514 Main Street.Office Phones f1Residence j eDR. A. H KELLER,Practicing Physician,Offices, Rooms 4 and 5, Elk's Bld'gParig - - KentuckyJ J. WTLMAMS,. ATTORNEY-AT-LAWAoom 1 Elks Building.1I --THE BOURBON .NEWS, PARIS KENTUCKY, JUNE 5, 1914If-sDesignedanaPatentedJ 887.?-yruciS.pnnl'Twenty-seven Years Agothe first Cortright Metal Shingles were put on.TheStandardEver5ince11 iThey're still on still in good condition, andthe only attention they've had is an occasionalcoat of paint.In addition to the lasting qualities, they'reFireproof, Stormproof and inexpensive.For Sale byBEST & HAWKINS, Millersbprg, Kentucky.erermeveSTRAWBERRIESThe Finest on the MarketRECEIVED DAILYALSOAll the VegetablesOf the SeasonOUR LINE' OFCanned GoodsCannot Be ExcelledN. A. MOORE.Ss:MODERN FARM METHODS.Louisville Man Tells Richmond PaperWhy Farms Are Conductedon Modern Lines.Sauer's Old Stand',llL MOR. BELL'SSKin BlemishesCaused By Germs'Germs set under theskin or in a brokenplace, and It is bardto set rid of them.Pus sores or pimplesfollow.DYNAMITE WITH BURNINGFUSE NEAR HOUSTON.Antiseptic Salvesoon destroys these germs and keeps themclean and healthy until nature heals. Use it onthe face, lips, in the nose, anywhere, for itis CLEAN. PURE AND HEALING.MTell It By The Bell"For Sale by All Druggists.WASHINGTON, June 2. Twelvesticks of dynamite with burning fusesJ attached, were found late Tuesday intne juepartment oi Agriculture unaerthe office of Secretary Houston, atWashington. The fuses were extinguished before damage was done. Anemploye of the Department found thedynamite by accident and extinguished the fuses. The sticks were takento police headquarters for examination. Some discharged employe issuspected.First Popular Price Excursion of the Seasonlo Cincinnati and Return!, June 7, "1914,$1.50For the Round TripSundaySpecial train leaves Paris, Ky., 8:20a. m., returning leoves CincinnatiFourth Street Station 7:00 p. m.further information call onForLow round trip Summer Touristtickets to all principal tourist pointsin Georgia, Kentucky, North Carolina,South Carolina, Tennessee, Virginia,West Virginia, Canada, Michigan,New York, Vermont, California, Colorado, Montana, Minnesota, Wisconsin,Washington and Oregon, on sale dailyMay 15, until Sept. 30, with final return limit Oct. 31, with very liberalstop-over privileges. For further information call on or addressJ. K. SMITH, TA.,orjjffcv-W. H. HARRIS, Agt.Mrs. E.T. GaddisPLAIN TALKFrom Two Prosperous Housewives, About Peruna.Mrs. E. T. Caddis, of Clarion,North Carolina,writes to the IVruna Co., Columbuc, Ohio."Befoie I commenced to takuPeruna. I coul.not do any harwork withoutsuffering: greatpain. I took Peruna and T.Ianalin, and can sjiwith pleasure they have done morefor me than any other medicine Ihave ever taken. Now I am as wel'as ever. I do all my own work andit never hurts me at all. I thinkPeruna is a great medicine forwomankind."Mrs. Sarah Frye, No. 105 SylvanAve., Asbury Park, N. J., writes: "Ihave no words to express my gratitude for the wonderful cure thatPeruna has done for me. It is agodsend to all suffering women. Peruna has done wonderful work forme."I was sick over half of my life'with systemic catarrh. I want thisletter published far and wide, as Iwas a great sufferer, but to-day Ifeel as well as anybody can feel."Nearly all my life I have scentnearly all I could rake and scrape fordoctors, but none of them did meany good. But since I started onyour Peruna one year ago I have atlast found relief in your wonderfulPeruna. I had begun to think that Iwas not going to get well, but thank"Sod I am well to-day."I hope and pray you may live longto help others as you have helpedme. Instead of being a walking drugstore I am growing fat and doingwell. I will never be without PeTuna." ThoM who object to liquid medicines can now procure PerunaTablets.In a recent issue of the RichmondRegister, Mr. B. G. Parrish, of Louisville, has an interesting communication contrasting the -old ways on thefarm with the new. Mr. ParrishAvrites :"In a recent issue of your paper youasked why the farmer of to-day hadceased to follow the practices of hispredecessors of the soil of a few shortyears ago, instancing that the oldenfarmer prepared his raw products forthe market while the modern farmerpurchases at the stores those things,which his progenitors manufactured."The inquiry raises a question thatcannot, with any degree of satisfaction be answered in 'a phrase, nor yetbe elucidated in a paragraph. Theanswer, to be correct, must necessarially seek the taproot cause of the tremendous and revolutionary changeswhich our industrial development hasundergone in recent years."Society as at present constitutedhas not always been such. There hasbeen several systems, the first ofwhich we have any historical knowledge, can for want of a better descriptive name, be called barbarism, whichperhaps sustained an existence of several thousand years. This social system was followed in order by slavery,feudalism and capitalism or the present system carried, within itself germsof the succeeding system, elementsof its own destruction. So we findevidences in our present system tending to the transportation to some other and more satisfactory method ofmeeting the requirements of the people. "The farmer of to-day does not killhis meat and grind his wheat andcorn for practically the same reasonthat his wife no longer spins the yarnand weaves the jeans from which thefarmer's clothes are made. The packing house has taken the place of thefarm slaughter pen, and the modernroller mill that makes a thousandbarrels of flour a day, has taken theplace of the hand mill or mortor andpestle, just as the modern cotton millhas eliminated the spinning wheel anddriven the old-fashioned loom to theattic."The packing houses and cold storage plants are the natural growth ofour industrial system, and aitord abetter and more constant market forevery thing which the farmer mayproduce and care to sell. With coldstorage and retngerator cars, DacKeuby untold millions of capital, perishable as well as cured products of thefarnn, can be put down at any localmarket in the country in more regularand satisfactory manner than underthe old haphazard individualistic former system."With the cold storage there is afairly regular price for the productsof the farm, in the raw, and as themnrirpf rp.nnirements demand, thep.rld storage companies, whichpractically syndicated, can and do release just as they feel justified underthose market requirements."During those 'good olden times' token, the woman functioned more,largely in farm activities. She assisted in making lard, sausage, and thevarious puddings, etc., about hog killing time. She it was who made thosedelightful preserves and jellies andconfections of the fruits for the longwinter's evenings, But where arethese things now? The packinghouses of Chicago, with as may employes as there are men, women andchildren in the whole county of Madison, attend to all the slaughteringfor her, and the moddern canning factory does the same thing tor herfruits and vegetables. The old 'lyesoap' is almost a thing of the past,and as a by-product the packingplants are shipping in most attractiveform under various names, all thesoaps used in the land."Woman's activities have been withdrawn from the home, and she is nowforced into the factories, shops, mills,stores, offices and other places bycondition over which she has hadand has no control. With this disappearance of home activities on thepart of women and ithe massing, under force of conditions, in places outside the home, is involved one of themost serious side problems of farmlife."The large plants have eliminatedhome manufactures, and the growthof the large plants, under the urge ofthe trust tendency, has not yet beenreached. Not a day passes but someuseless home process is given over tothe limbo' of the discarded. The trusthas come to stay. Society will notevolve backward. It must constantlygo forward. The days of Jefferson andJackson are gone and gone forever.We have railroads arid telephones andwireless, and now fly throught the airlike birds, with a thousand and onethings which multiply the force andefficiency of men a thousand-fold morethan when Jefferson lived and Hamilton planned."As to your caption 'what is thematter with the farmers of our country,' I can respond as follows: Thesame thing that afflicts practicallyevery other producing class of thecountry. He is exploited and up tothe present time has simply been tooeverlastingly stupid to locate the pointat which he is exploited. But we neednot despair. Throughout the nation,where men and women are thinking,they are asking themselves manyquestions, and these questions havesimilar sound to those asked by theorganized labor movement. In short,they are beginning to see that something is radically wrong, and that as aclass of producers they are holding thebag, so to speak, and certain speciallyfavored interests are walking off withthe graDes."LOOK OUT FOR THE .ADVERTISING FAKAR.Look out for the "guy'who may heworking this way with the old chestnutty "Who's Who" newspaper pageadvertising feature. A contemporarytell us how the fellow worked thegame in his town, finding sixty-ninesuckers who paid him three dollarsapiece for "write-ups," which neverappeared in print. After collecting inadvance from his victims on thestrength of a bogus letter of recommendation from a publisher, the sharper hiked out for other fertile fieldsin which there are people who holdout glad hands of welcome to theswindling stranger while they wouldallow an honest home solicitor tostarve to death before bestowing upon him a bit of similar patronage.IF SKIN BREAKS OUT ANDAND ITCHES APPLY SULPHUR.Use It Like a Cold Cream and DryEczema Eruptions Right Up.The moment you apply bold-sulphurto an itching of broken out skin, theitching stops and healing begins, saysa renowned dermatologist.This remarkable sulphur made intoa thick cream effects such prompt relief, even in aggravated Eczema, thatit is a never-ending source of amazement to physicians.For many years bold-sulphur has occupied a secure position in the treatment of cutaneous eruptions by reason of its cooling, parasite-destroyingirritable and inflammatory affectionsof the skin. While not always establishing a permanent cure, yet, in every instance, it immediately subduesthe itching irritation and heals theEczema right up and it is often yearslater before any eruption again manifests itself.Any good pharmacist will supply anounce of bold-sulphur cream, whichshould be applied to the affected partslike the ordinary cold creams. Itisn't unpleasant and the prompt relief afford is eery welcome, particularly when the Eczema is accompanied with torturous itching. (adv).xin,., 'si' wrrrmwerm -vb.mmwiSiw&&mw&m&'mk,'W'&msm&r- -i v, mi. i ij-mmn.mm i.m.. us& .. m&zm$mmni$xr&s S "-Tr"JHF& V JLektrnuuevtMAM"KNOWSITS7SDU7YTO BANKMGMYfORffSWFEANDCffDRNfe;Have YOU got money in our bank to protect-yourLITTLE ONES and your WIFE from want? . ,SMake OUR bank YOUR bank . ' : . -'We pay 3 per cent, interest on Savings.DEPOSIT BANK OF PARIS.Capital, $i00,000.00.Surplus, $40,000.00.Designed for out door life, a shirtwith four pockets on the front is thesubject of the patent application of ai Washington inventor.CURES STUBBORN,ITCHY SKIN TROUBLES."I could scratch myself to pieces"is often heard from sufferers of Eczema, Tetter, Itch and similar SkinEruptions. Don't Scratch Stop theItching at once with Dr. Hobson's Eczema Ointment. Its first applicationstarts healing; the Red, Rough, Scaly,Itching Skin is soothed by the Healing and Cooling Medicjines. Mrs. C.A. Einfeldt, Rock Island, 111., after using Dr. Hobson's Eczema Ointment,writes: "This is the first time in nineyears I have been free from theare ' dreadful ailment." Guaranteed. 50cat your druggist.(June)J. M. HALL. President,yC. K- THOMAS. CashierPeat forms about one-third of thefuel used in the central industrial districts of Russia.FOR AN IMPAIRED APPETITE.To improve the appetite and tostrengthen the digestion try a fewdoses of Chamberlain's Tablets. Mr.J. H. Seitz, of Detroit, Mich., ,says:"They restored my appetite when im'paired, relieved me of a- bloated feeling and caused a pleasant and satisfactory movement of the bowels." fFor sale by all "dealers. ', (June)a-tfFor advertising purposes there hasbeen invented a clock in which asingle nana raises along a scale on ione side of a1 vertical column and desends along another on the otherside.SIMPLEST WAY TO KILL FLY.The London Lancet, the leadingmedical journal of the world, saysthat the best and simplest fly killer isa weak solution of formaldehyde inwater (two teaspoonsfuls to the pint.)Place it in plates or saucers throughout the house. Ten cents worth ofthis liquid will last an ordinary family all summer. It has no offensiveodor, is fatal to disease organismsand is practically non-poisonous except to insects."iWPPlWMRS. LYON'SACHES AND PAINSHave All Gone Since TakingLydia E. Pinkham's Vegetable Compound.Terre Hill, Pa. "Kindly permit meto give you my testimonial in favor ofT.irrlin T! PinL'linm'B-J ""- " """" -Vegetable Compound. When I firstbegan taking it Iwas suffering fromfemale troubles forsome time and hadalmost all kinds ofaches pains in lower part of back andin sides, and pressing down pains. Icould not sleep andhad no appetite. Since I have takenLydia E. Pinkham's Vegetable Compound the aches and pains are all goneand I feel like a new woman. I cannotpraise your medicine too highly. ' Mrs.Augustus Lyon, Terre Hill, Pa.It is true that nature and a woman'swork has produced the grandest remedyfor woman's ills that the' world hasever known. From the roots andherbs of the field, Lydia E. Pinkham,forty years ago, gave to womankinda remedy for their peculiar ills whichhas proved more efficacious than anyother combination of drugs ever compounded, and today Lydia E. Pinkham'sVegetable Compound is recognizedfrom coast to coast as the standardremedy for woman's ills.In the Pinkham Laboratory at Lynn,Mass., are files containing hundreds ofthousands of letters from women seeking health many of them openly stateover their own signatures that they haveregained their health by taking LydiaE. Pinkham's Vegetable Comppund;and in some cases, that it has saved themfrom surgical operation.Good Weather to PaintDon't put off pointing till next spring.Do it note)"Weather conditions are good; no longspring rains to -soak ir the lumber andjeopardize good results :jj the paint putuu uvw gives protection against winterstorms. 'Sherwin-Williams PaintMADE TO PAINTBUILDINGS WITHis the safest paint to use.It gives the best protection atthe smallest cost.If you're going to paint this falllet us talk to vou about S. W. P.DinC. A. DAUGHERTY.L. 6c N. TIME-TABLEEFFECTIVE OCT. 19, 19131 Trains rrrveNo. FROM34 Atlanta, Ga., Daily . 5:21 ani134 Lexington, Ky., Daily 5:18 am29 Cynthiana, Ky., Daily Except Sunda.y ,7:35 am7 Maysville, Ky., Daily Except Sunday 7:38 am10 Rowland, Ky., Daily Except Sunday 7:45 am40 Lexington, Ky., Daily Except Sunday 7:42 am37 Cincinnati, O., Daily c 9:38 am3 Maysville, Ky., Daily Except Sunday 10:20 ami12 Lexington, Ky., Daily .' 10:15 am33 Cincinnati, O., Daily 10:24 am'26 Lexington, Ky., Daily Except Sunday 12:00 m25 Cynthiana, Ky., Daily Except Sunday 3:10 pm9 Maysville, Ky., Daily Except Sunday 3:15pm138 Lexington, Ky., Daily . 3:33 pm38 Knoxville, Tenn., Daily .3:30 pm5 Maysville, Ky., .Daily 5:35pm39v Cincinnati, O., Daily Except Sunday 5:50 pm8 Lexington, Ky., Daily 6:18 pm32 Jacksonville, Fla., Daily .'. 6:23 pm31 Cincinnati, O., Daily .. 10:50pmTrains IDeioart .No. TO34 Cincinnati, 0.,3Daily 5:28 am4 Maysville, Ky., Daily Except Sunday 5:35 am7 Lexington, Ky., Daily Except Sunday 7:47 am40 Cincinnati, O., Daily Except Sunday 7:50 am,10 Maysville, Ky., Daily Except Sunday 7:50 am29 Lexington, Ky., Daily 9:43 an37 Knoxville, Tenn., Daily.'. 9:45am33 Jacksonville, Fla., Daily 10:29 am133 Lexington, Ky., Daily 10:27 am6 Maysville, Ky., Daily .' . . . 12:05 pm26 Cynthiana, Ky., Daily Except Sunday .x K -. . 1204 am13 Lexington, Ky., Daily Except Sunday 3:33 pm38 Cincinnati, O., Daily . 3:49i9 Rowland, Ky., Daily Except Sunday ........' 5:58 pm39 Lexington, Ky., Daily Except Sunday ?........?. 5: 5S pm32 Cincinnati, O., Daily ". A..-...;....... 6:2tpm8 Maysville, Ky., Daily Except Sunday s.ir..... 6:25pm30 Cynthiana. Ky., Daily Except Sunday : 6:4 pm31 Lexington. TCy., Daily 10:55 pm131 Atlanta, Ga., Daily 10:57pmNo.24No.13Trains -A.rrive ,FROM t-J??'Frankfort, Ky., Daily Except Sunday V'Ve-Cvl7j&0Frankfort, Ky., Daily Except Sunday .v. . . .:. .v .5i50 pn. Trams Depart"V TOFrankkforf:Ky., Daily Except Sunday .'. . . .V. 8 :"30 anrraujLiuri, T.ifMw jOiAtepi. ouuuj ...t. .tsip. -" , - -. A 'KXf- JutTHE BOURBON NEWS, PARIS, KY., JUNE S 1914R-, !!,JROYABAKING POWPERAbsolutely PureAbsolutely has no sufomtitutmMany mixtures are -offered assubstitutes for Royal. No otherbaking powder is the same incomposition or effectiveness, orso wholesome and economical,nor will make such fine food.Royal Baking Powder is made from pure,Grape Cream of Tartar. No alum,lime or acid phosphates.MATRIMONIAL.ANNOUNCEMENTS.We are authorized to announce Hon.C. M. Thomas as a candidate for theDemocratic nomination for Congressman at the August primary, to beIield in this county on Saturday,August 1, 1914.LADIES OF HEALTH LEAGUESOLICIT SUPPLIES.ORIS WELL ROGERS.Miss Dora Criswell and Mr. J. C.Rogers, members of the LittlejohnCarnival Co., which showed here lastweek, were married by Eld. W. E.Ellis, of the Christian Church, at theparsonage on Twelfth street. Mr. andMrs. Rogers spent their honeymoonin Carlisle, 'where the Littlejohn Company is playing an engagement thisweek. The groom is manager of themerry-go-round, and the bride is thesnake charmer with the company.SHIPP ERION.The marriage of Miss Ida MaeErion, daughter of Mr. and Mrs. GeoErion, of this city, and Mr. BowenShipp, of the Clintonville precinct,was quietly solemnized at the PalaceHotel, in Lexington, on Wednesday,May 28, by the Rev. Mr. Reynolds,in the presence of a few friends. After the ceremony, Mr. and Mrs. Shippleft for a short visit to the bride'saunt, Mrs. J. E. Gray, in SpencerCounty, where they were tendered areception, and afterwards visited inLouisville, at the home of Mr. A. D.Porman. They will go to housekeeping temporarily at the home of thebride's father, Mr. Ben Stipp, at Centerville, and will shortly move into anew house now being completed.The bride isxa young woman of unusual attractions of person and character, and a favorite among her largecircle of friends.BECKHAM IS STILLGAINING GROUND.BECKHAM STRONG IN HOPKINS.A special dispatch from MadisonTille says: "The Senatorial race inHopkins County is getting interesting.Ex-Gov. J. C. W. Beckham will getone of the largest votes cast for aSenator, and the prospects are thathe will defeat Congressman A. O.Stanley. Gov. McCreary will hardlybe known in this county. The vote ofthe Confederate veterans had beenconceded to McCreary early in thelace, but now a great majority ofthese are gohig to vote for Beckham,and are supporting him in variousways."Notwithstanding this is the homedistrict of Congressman Stanley andHopkins has ' in the past supported.Mm, it will now give Beckham a goodmajority."Pastors of the different churchesof the city are lined up for Gov.Beckham, and the temperance forcesin Hopkins County will support him.It seems from the hard work that is"being done in favor of Gov. Beckhamly the moral and temperance legionsin the county that Beckham is theirchoice in every respect. The veterans who have supported Gov. McCreary in everything he has wantedin past years claim he has hadenough of public office and should retire."BECKHAM AT MONTECELLO.Gov. Beckham was greeted by alarge crawd at Montecello, Monday,fully one-third being unable to getinto the court house where the speaking was held. A reception was held inthe Ramsey Hotel, the lobby being;Slled to overflowing by earger partisans of the ex-Governor.Governor Beckham was introducedto the audience by J. P. Hines, amember -of the constitutional convention and a farmer of Wayne County.He said Governor Beckham wasthe biggest man in the Democraticparty in Kentucky and the cleanest.He said Wayne County would givehim the largest majority it ever gavea Democrat. Governor Beckhamspoke for nearly two hours to a mostattentive audience. They applaudedthroughout the speech, and sometimesit would be several minutes before hecould resume.Judge Rolin Hurt and Chief JusticeJ. T. Hobson also made speeches at11 o'clock in the morning to large audiences. Gov. Beckham will get 90per cent of the Democrats of thatcounty.MADISON WOMAN BEQUEATHSPROPERTY TO PARIS NEPHEWSThe will of Mrs. Mollie DowneyStockton, late of Waco, MadisonCounty, was probated Monday. Sheleft her property, consisting of houseand lot and Bank stock, to Mrs. Rhoda Embry, of Waco, and W. EinbryDowney and Ben Ogden Downey, ofParis, children of deceased brother,Dr. Wm. Downey.FOR THE SWEETGIRL GRADUATENo "matter what you buy for theyoung girl graduate, if it comes fromWinters' she will be pleased.(19-tf)NAME OF BEDFORD STATIONx i CHANGED TO GERDRABecause of other towns in the Statejkarimj; 'the name of Bedford, the-ISomsville & Nashville Railroad Compm'r lias changed,, the name ot BedIoYd Station, on the Winchester and'jPiris- line, to Gerdra. The new nameJea. combination of the names of Mr.-aad Mrs. Drake Thompson, whoselands adjoin the present station. Theckange became effective June 1.CARPENTER SUSTAINSBROKEN LEG IN FALL.While working on a scaffold on acottage near the Bethlegem pikeTuesday, Mr. Thos. Estes, a carpen--fMic, fell to the ground, breaking hisleg. He was removed to -his reslieace on Houston Avenue, and 'the'broken leg set.WASH GOODS CHEAP.All kinds of wash goods at reducedprioee, at Simon's. vThe ladies of the Bourbon CountyHealth and Welfare League haverented the cottage on Seventh street,two doors below the Bourbon Laundry, and will use it for the purposeof holding clinics under the supervision of the visiting nurse, of suspectedcases of tuberculosis. The Leagueasks the public to contribute on tomorrow old pillow slips, sheets,chairs, in fact, anything toward furnishing the house and supplies for thenurse. Contributions of old linen forbandages are especially desirable.TvoT members of the League will beon duty at the cottage all day to-morrowand they request the people ofthe city and the county to make animmediate and generous response tothis appeal, made in the interest ofhumanity.CHANCE FOR GOOD REALESTATE INVESTMENTS.The John Tarr property to be soldat auction on Tuesday,- June 9, byHarris & Speakes, is one of the bestlocated piece" of real estate in thecity, and the purchaser will be putting money into sdmething safe andsubstantial. (2-3t)SECRETARY OF LOCAL Y. M. C. A.ACCEPTS NEW POSITION.Mr. Chas. Griffin, who came to Parislast September, from Atlanta, Ga., toassume the position of Secretary ofthe local Young Men's Christian Association, has tendered his resignation to take effect September 1.Mr. Grifnin was recently tendered asimilar position at Jackson, Miss., andaccepted, as it would give him a larger field of operation, the Jackson Association being firmly established andin successful operation.During his stay here Mr. Griffiindevoted all his energies to forwardingthe interests of the Y. M. C. A., andmade many friends.POPULAR EXCURSIONTO MAMMOTH CAVEMonday, June 15. An all expensethree days tour to Mammoth Cave bythe ladies of the Presbyterian churchfor $12.50. Apply to Mrs. J. FrankClay or Miss Mamie Spears for assignment of rooms at the Cave anditinerary giving details of the trip.You are cordially invited to go withus in our special coach. Those out inthe county will please write or phonefor particulars.(may22-26-29june5-9)SENATOR JAMES PRESENTEDWITH EAGLES BY EX-PARISIAN.A special dispatch from Washingtonsays: "A golden eagle, captured andkilled in Colorado, was received bySenator James. It measures eight feetone inch from tip to tip and was obtained at Eads, Col., by Tice Hutsell,a former resident of Paris, Ky. Thebig bird will be suspended over thedesk of the Kentucky Senator in hisoffice at the Capitol."Mr. Hutsell left Paris some monthsago to reside in Colorado, for the benefit of his health.RELGIQUS.Children's Day will be observedat the Paris Chrisitan Church, Sunday at 10:45 a. m. A special programhas been arranged for the occasion.Rev. T. H. Atkinson, evangelistof the Eebenezer Presbytery, began aseries of meetings at Shawhan, Saturday night, assisted by Rev. A. S.Venable, of Millersburg. A largetent has been erected, and the meeting will be continued several weeks.v Rev. C. H. Mattox will preachSaturday night, and on Sunday at 11a. m., and Sunday night, at Clintonville. After services Saturday nightthe Ladies' Aid Society of the churchwill sell a number of articles, including several nice quilts.Rev. J. S. Sims, pastor, will occupy his pulpit Sunday morning at10:45 o'clock. The only night servicewill be the Epworth League at 6:45o'clock. Subject: "A Song of Security and Contentment." Leader, MissFrances Hancock. Sunday School' at9:30 o'clock.BIRTHSIn Carlisle, to the wife of Mr.Lloyd Mann, of Paris, a son.A handsome boy baby was bornto the wife of Mr. Jesse T. Alexander,of Cynthiana, formerly of Paris, onMonday.JUDGE AIDS COUSINTO GET LICENSE.Miss Ruth Nippert, 27, daughter ofMr. and Mrs. George W. Nippert, ofArlington Heights, O., formerly ofParis, sprung a surpries on her parents and friends Wednesday morning by being quietly married to Herbert F. Hardin, 30, agent for the Q.and C. Railroad at Jacksonville, Fla.Rev. Elmore united the couple afterJudge Alfred K. Nippert, a cousin ofthe bride, had assisted in securing themarriage license.It had been the intention of theyoung people to be married in July,and announcements of the weddinghad been sent out, but business called Mr. Harden to Jacksonville, andit was decided on that account to advance the date to the ceremony.Mr. and Mrs. Harden left Cincinnati Wednesday night for a month tobe spent in Asheville and other Southern cities, after which they will maketheir home jn Jacksonville.The bride has been a frequent visitor in Paris at the home of 'hergrandfather, Mr. Phil Nippert, Sr.STOCK AND FARM NOTES.A double-deck car of lambs wasshipped to Jersey City, Saturday, byCaywood & McClintock, followed byanother Monday. The lambs werepurchased from Bourbon County farmers at seven cents per pound andwere considered a fine lot.Mrs. Edgar Isaacs, who has beenthe guest of her parents, Mr. and Mrs.J. J. Veatch, left for Evansville, Ind.,to rejoin her husband, who is in business there. Mrs. Isaacs, who wasformerly Miss Irene Veatch, recently completed a course of training inthe Massie Memorial Hospital Training School for Nurses.-On the farm of W. B. Webb, atSargent, near Whitesburg, is perhapsthe most interesting, long-lived andstill bearing apple tree in Kentucky.The tree in question was planted over90 years ago by Jason L. Webb, latefather of the present owner, and for85 years the apple tree has been continuously bearing. This year's cropis also a splendid one. The tree is ofmammoth size, still prolific and bidsfair to survive many yearg longer. Itis an object of extreme interest to allthose who have ooked upon the hardyold tree.LOW DOWN PRICES.White Dresses for Ladies, Missesand Children, at low prices at SiALL BIDS FOR ERECTION OFY. M. C. A. BUILDING REJECTEDAt a meeting of the Board of Directors of the Paris Y. M. C. A., held inthe office of Secretary Chas. M. Griffin, in the People's Bank building,Tuesday afternoon, the bids for theerection of the Y. M. C. A. buildingin this city were opened.Mr. G. A. Schrock, of Chicago, personal representative of the architects,Shattuck & Hussey, and Mr. P. C.Dix, of Louisville, State Secretary ofthe Y. M. C. A., were present.After opening the bids and a conference with Mr. Schrock, the Directors decided to reject all the bids, asnone of them had the cost of construction within figures that would justifyproceeding with the work. Somemodification of certain features of thebuilding will, in their opinion, be necessary. The new plans may possibly beready in three weeks, when they willbe submitted to local firms for bidson work and material.THEATRGALColumbia Theatre To-day. ... --Big comedy special in two reels,entitled, "How Villians Are Made."Produced by the famous KeystoneKid Stock Company."A Story of Little Italy," (American drama) in which Tony, a productof one of the gangs of the Italianquarter, and Mora, the pretty daughter of a leader of a gang of moonshiners, go through a series of thrilling adventures, after which everything results satisfactory to all concerned, (adv).o.BLUE GRASS STRIPPINGBEGUN IN THE COUNTY.REDUCED PRICES ON MILLINERY.All millinery at greatly reducedprices for the next' two weeks forCASH. Nothing charged during this5-4t MRS. CORNE W. BAIRD,COL. GEO . W. BAIN TOLECTURE AT HUTCHISON.CoK Geo. W. Bain, one of the mostnoted platform orators in the country,will lecture at .the Hutchison Chapelto-mprrow evening at 8 o'clock. Hissubject will be' "f I could Live MyLife .Over." Col. Bain was born nearHutchison and shoud be greeted by alarge audience. - 'SUPPER AT OLD UNIONCHURCH THIS EVENING.The ladies of the Old Union Churchwill give a supper in the churchbuilding to-night. Ice cream, lemonade and coffee will be served. An admission fee of 25 cents will be chargeed. Everybody invited to attend.NOTICE TO STOCKMEN.List your stock in M. J. Murphy'smonthly combination sales. Plenty ofbuyers always on hand. We can sellyour horses, mules, ponies, cows, cattle, hogs, sheep and. poultry at goodprices. Next sale will be held on Monday, July 6, county court day.(21ap-tf)The work of gathering the 1914 cropof bluegrass seed in this county,which is said to be abundant and ofan excellent quality, was begun yesterday. Jonas Weil sent out 16 strippers; Jas. H, Thompson, 10; E. F.Spears & Sons, 50; Brent Bros., 50;C. C. Hadden, 10, and several othersput a number at work in the fields.The gathering of the yearly .,. cropgives employment to a large numberof men, and is the means of puttinga large amount of money in circulation.FIRE DEPARTMENT HASEARLY -MORNING RUN.A small fife originated from a deiective.flue in amaU house in Newtown occupied by colored 'people,called outjthetffire department at anearfy hdurf&terday morning inresponse to an alarm from Box 32. Thefire j.vas , extinguished by a bucketbrigade. Loss trifling.AT HALF PRICE.Coats at half price ,at Sinion's.COUNTRY RESIDENCE ISDESTROYED BY FIRE.The country home of Mr. Chas. T.Royce, near' Miller Station, a fewmiles below Millersburg, was destroyed by Are while the family was inCarlisle attending the carnival. Nothing was saved. The loss is estimatedat $7,000.Alamo To-day.Hardress Cregan meets and fallsin love with Eily O'Connor, "TheColleen Bawn," and is secretly married her. His mother desires that hetake for his wife his cousin, AnneChute, who is wealthy and who willprovide money to raise tlfe mortgagefrom the Cregan estate. DannyMann, a simple-minded cripple, devoted to Hardress, senses the situation and seeks to relieve his masterof the low-born wife, that he maymarry his heiress. In his zeal, Dannydecoys the Colleen out to the rock inthe lake and attempts to drown her.In the darkness he is shot by Mylesna Coppaleon, who mistakes him foran otter. When attempting to retrieve his game, Myles discoverssomething white in the water, whichleads him to rescue the Colleen.Danny Mann, though desperatelywounded, manage salso to escapedeath and finds his way to Eily's cottage at Muckross Head, where, tendays after, he comes to his sensesand confesses to drowning the Colleen. This confession leads to an attempt to arrest Hardress Cregan justas he is about to marry Anne Chute,upon the charge of having incited thecrime. But in the confession, FatherTom, to whom the confession wasmade, Myles and the Colleen enter,and the affair is cleared up. Hardress acknowedges Eily as his wifeand his ambitious mother accepts her,which brings the story to a happyending. (adv)Alamo Tuesday.Augustus Thomas presents inmoving picture Eugene Walter's master piece and greatest success, "PaidIn Full," with the - members of theoriginal cast, including Tully Marshall. Five gripping parts, 210 dramatic scenes. This production wasEugene Walter's 5-season list. Everyone should see it as its moral lessonis worth while.LADIES, READ THIS.550 Waists, regular $1.50 values, allsizes, at 98c, atvSimon's.NQTICEXO MA1NSTREETPROPERTY OWNERS.Property owners,- ortheir tenants, on MainStreet, who contemplatemaking gas, water orsewer connections, arehereby notified to makesaid connections withinthe next ten days.No one will be permitted to tear up MainStreet for the purpose ofmaking said connectionsafter the new bituminousstreet is completed.Paris, Ky., May 27, 1914.J,T. HINTON,. Mayor.MJilsHo.Formerly Kaufman, Straus & Co.Lexington, KentuckyClearance of AllSpring Suits fFor Women IEvery woman 'who can use a new Suit thisSpring should avail herself of the remarkably low Xprices that are offered in our Clearance Salerno w Xzgoing on.Our entire stock of lightweight Spring WoolenSuits are on sale at drastically lowered prices-abouta third less than usual.The depth of reductions is shown by the following low prices:All $17.50 and $20.00 SuitsReduced tolMl $25.00 to $30.00 SuitsReduced to$1 2.75$19.75$25.00All $35.00 to $45.00 SuitsReduced toAll $50.00 to $85.00 Suits ttOO R.fReduced to . 9wMi TAlterations FreeOWolf, Wtle & Co. Iformerly JTaufmanj Straus de Co,ington,...We Are Now Showing...iThe new'est and smartest Pumps in Patent,Dull Kid and Gun Metal, in Colonial andBulgarian styles, with the new Louis and SpoolHeels.Also Baby Doll Pumps in Patent and GunMetal. Come to us to be fitted.L.Geo. Mc Williams,Phones 301The Shoe ManIjFor Sale.A Folding Bed, Book Case, SideBoard, Moores Air-Tight Heater,(large size.)MRS. MARGARET McDERMOTT.East Tenn. 'Phone 719. (5-3t)Automobile For Sale.rMaxwell Mercury Roadster, 30 h. p.,110 inch wheel base, No-. 1 condition.Cheap if soldat once.DR. H. M. HAMILTON,(2-3t) Paris, Ky.Notice to SwimmersAll persons are hereby warnedagainst going in swimming in either"Stoner or Houston Creek without firstattiring themselves in a suitable bathing suit.All persons caught swimming without being suitably clothed will beplaced under arrest and prosecuted.W., F. LINK,(29inay-tf). Chief of 'Police.PORCH SHADES.We sell the beautiful and serviceable "No Whip" Porch Shades. Theywill please you.(5-tf) A. F. WHEELER CO.NOTICEHaving sold my interest, in the Millersburg" Coal -& Lumber C6.r Millersburg, Ky., to Messrs. WA Butlerand Alex. S. Miller, and purchased aninterest in the Bourbon. Lumber Co.,of Paris, and expecting to locate inthat city in the near future, I want toask all persons indebted to the Mil-llersburg Coal & Lumber Co. for purchases made prior to April 17, to calland settle said indebtedness promptly. The amount of your account canbe found at the office of the BourbonLumber Co., or with myself at theoffice of the Bourbon Lumber Co., atParis,I take this opportunity to thankthe patrons of the Millersburg Coal& Lumber Co., and all those who havepatronized me so liberally during theyears I have conducted a public business in Millersburg, and to ask thesameliberal patronage for the remaining members of the firm.Yours 'sincerely,5-2t M. PEALB COLUER.VTHE BOURBON NEWS, PARIS,. KENTUCKY, JUNE 5 1914MaBHAS THE BESTOF ALL LINES MADETobacco insuranceagaerssS: nail. SeeRoxie Davis. 26tfjgSPECIAL SALE ON SUITS.$2o.00 Suits, at $9.98, at Simon's.HEALTH AND WELFARELEAGUE MEETING POSTPONED.A postponed meeting of the Healthand Welfare League will he held inthe Elks' Building, on Thursday afternoon, July 11. The meeting wasscheduled for yesterday.SMALL BLAZE CALLS OUTFIRE DEPARTMENT.An alarm from Box 34 Wednesdaymorning called the fire departmentto Main and Nineteenth streets toextinguish a fire originating from adefective flue in a frame house occupied by railroad laborers. The blazewas extinguished with but little loss.SOCIAL ID PERSONALO'Neil. Strawberry ice cream andcakes were served.Mr. Alvin Thompson has return-ed from school at Tupelo, Miss.Mr. T. C. Lenihan is confined tohis home with a slight illness.Miss Elsie Varden in visitingMiss Irma Bishop in Lexington.Mrs. Geo. Alexander and Mss Eli-BOURBON TO 'HAVE VISITING NURSE PERMANENTLYMiss Annie Henry, of Carlisle, isa guest of Paris relatives.Miss Nellie James was a guest of-Mrs. B. F. Laughlin is visiting 1 lfffth Br0Wn are visitin in Cincin-her mother, Mrs. Thos. Dance, in Cyn-irire, wind and lightning insurancc. Thomas & Woodford.CHANGES IN SCHEDULE INSUNDAY SCHOOL LEAGUE.Three games will be played in theBourbon County School League tomorrow, the schedule having beenslightly changed. Paris plays at Monterey; North Middletown at Hutchison and Millersburg at Spears Mill.Interest in the games is growingmuch stronger.BOATING PARTIES.We can handle parties of any size.Steel launch and row boats. Don'tforget thees moonlight nights.CHIPPEWA BOAT CLUB,E. T. Phone 55. M. B. JACKSON.DR. W .C. USSERY APPOINTEDGUARDIAN OF DAUGHTER.Dr. W. C. Ussery has been appointed guardian of his daughter, Miss Dorcas Ussery, one of the heirs-at-law ofthe estate of her deceased mother,Mrs. Marget F. Ussery. Dr. Usseryqualified with a bond of $2,000.REDUCTIONS IN SKIRTS$7.50 Skirts, at $3.98; $10.00;Skirts, at $7.50; $15.00 Skirts, at9.98, at Simon's.CONDITION OF MR. CHOWN-ING GREATLY IMPROVED.Reports from the hospital say thatthe condition of Mr. Jas. S. Chowning,who was injured Sunday in the automobile accident in which ElwoodWallen was killed, and Scott Woodford injured, is greatly improved, andthat his chances for recovery are excellent.THE HAPPIEST PERIODThe happiest period in the life of aboy or girl is when they graduate.They expect gifts from their friends.Winters has the gifts that will please.If in doubt what to get let Winterssuggest . (19-tf)MRS. N.KREINER CREAKSWRIST 3Y A FALL.While descending a stairway at herhome on Twelfth Street, Wednesdaymorning, Mrs. Nicholas Kreiner, oneof the best known and most universally respected women of Paris, fell,breaking the small bone in her rightwristREV. MANGUM TO DELIVERSERMON TO ODD FELLOWS.A cordial invitation has been extended by the members of BourbonLodge I. O. O. F. to all friends of theorder, both male and female, to attend the Baptist Church, Sunday evening, at 7:30 o'clock. Rev. O. R. Mangum, the pastor, will deliver aspecial sermon to the lodge. All OddFellows are requested to meet at thelnHra rrirm nrnmntlv fit. 7 O'clockSimdav evening, to attend the seHvices in a body.MR. SCOTT WOODFORD RECOVERING FROM ACCIDENT.Mr. Scott Woodford, who was injured in the automoble accident near' Nicholasville, Sunday morning, inwhich Elwood Wallen was killed, andJ. S. Chowning, badly injured, wasbrought to the home of his father, Mr.Ben Woodford, on the Winchesterpike, from the Good Samaritan Hospital, Monday afternoon, has so far recovered as to be able to take up hisfarm work. Mr. Woodford's injurieswere not so severe as first reported.CONFEDERATE MEMORIAL DAYIS FITTINGLY OBSERVED."; The graves of the Confederate dead-cWr riAcoraiea Wednesday afternoon"by the local chapter of the D. A. R.Jvwith simple out impressive wciubw.'As the daughters and veterans weregrouped about the tall monumentwhich marks the last resting place of-those who served the cause so faith" fully Rev. Dr. O. R. Mangum, pastor-of the Baptist Church, offered prayerand made an appropriate address,concluded with an beautiful poem," AMemorial to the Confederate Dead,"written by H. F. Pa-je. of South Carolina, and a close friend of Dr. Mangum, after which the graves werestrewn with a quantity of lovely flow-A good crowd was in anenu-ers.ance.RIBBON BARGAINS.Ribbons of all 'shades, .plain andIfahcy, and moire, 35c and 40c values,rat2C- HARRY SIMON.thiana.Miss Katherine Marsh has returned from a visit to Miss HelenBond, in Versailles.Mr. and Mrs. Claude Ratliff havereturned from a visit to friends andrelatives in Carlisle.Mrs. W. K. Griffith had as gueststhis week Mr. and Mrs. Powell Bosworth, of Lexington.Mr. John H. Kiely, of Covington,spent Sunday with his mother, Mrs.E. C. Kiely, in this city.Mrs. William P. Fisher has returned from a visit to her mother,Mrs. Erdman, in Lexington.Mrs. Henry L. Terrill has -"returnedfrom a visit to her aunt, Mrs.J. J. Salmon, in Winchester.Mrs. Neville Fisher has returnedto Georgetown, after a visit to Mrs.William Fisher, near Paris.Mrs. Withers Davis and littledaughter, Ann Jouett, went to Winchester yesterday for a brief visit.Mrs. Marie Prall Mason, of Danville, is- visiting Misses Winnie andLutie Williams, on Pleasant street.Mrs. Clarence Kenney is improving at the Massie Memorial Hospitalfrom the effects of a recent slightoperation.Mrs. Charles Galbraith and daughter have returned from a visit to herbrother, Mr. Hargis McClanahan, inNicholas Couty.Mr. Harry Simon is in Cincinnatito see Mrs. Simon, who is at- theJewish Hospital, recovering from aserious operation.Mr. Orley Chandler, of Cynthiana, was the guest of his brother, Mr..Taylor Chandler, on Sixteenth street,several dajrs last week.Dr. Clara Matthews has returnedfrom St. Joseph Hospital, in Lexington, where she has been under treatment for several weeks.Mrs. John J. Shaw, who has beena guest of her brother, Judge E. B.January and family, has returned toher home in Cincinnati.Miss Nell Crutcher was a guestthis week of Miss Nellie Fithian atthe Kentucky College for Women, inDanville for commencement.Mrs. P. A. Shackelford left yesterday morning for Lake Chautauqua,New York, where she will spend thesummer at Keystone Cottage.Mr. and Mrs. Wm. M. Hinton,who have been visiting friends andrelatives in Kansas City and St.Joseph, Mo., returned home Tuesday.Mrs. Julian Frank will entertainwith a luncheon this afternoon incompliment to her sister-in-law, Mrs.Milton C. Browning, of Cleveland, O.Mr. Joseph Hildreth, father ofMrs. Carrie Innis Fisher, who hasbeen seriously ill at the home of Mrs.Fisher, en Stoner Avenue, is slightlyimproved.Miss Etha Vanarsdale, who hasbeen a teacher in the Bourbon 'College for fourteen years, has acceptedOrphan School.Miss Bessie" Talbott has beenchosen as one of the teachers in theGeorgetown Public School for nextyear. Miss Talbott has been teaching the Ford's Mill School, near Paris.' Mr. J. Sims Wilson, of Paris, recently purchased of Jonas Weil thecrop of blue grass seed from the latter's farm in this county, at about 63cents per bushel for August delivery.Mr. William White, who was badly injured several weeks ago by a fallfrom a scaffold, and who has been atthe Massie Memorial Hospital since,will be able to return to his home today. Mr. and Mrs. Jas. Barnett and Mr.Robert Barnett, who have been guestsof Mr. Jno. Barnett and Mr. and Mrs.Charles Terry, in White Addition, returned to their homes in Indianapolis,yesterday.Mrs. W. A. Johnson and Miss Mamie Spears entertained the Girls'Home Missionary Society of the Presbyterian Church, Wednesday morning.Dransrfi ice. fancv cakes and mintswere served.Mrs. Sidney G. Clay left yesterday for a trip to French Lick Springs,where she will be a guest of Mr. andMrs. Lenox Rose, of New York. Mr.and Mrs. Rose will accompany nerhome for a visit.Miss Louie Bruer will leave tonight for Richmond, Va.f where shewill assume the duties of head resident of the Co-operative Home, towhich she was recently appointed.She will be accompanied by hermother.Miss Martha Sparks, entertainedwith a luncheon yesterday at the BlueBird Tea room in Danville, in honorof the Misses Lavina Reynolds, ofParis, and Aogusta Rogers, of Lexington. All of the young ladies attended school at the Kentucky College for Women.. The Danville Messenger says:Mrs. Marie "Prall Mson is in Parisvisiting relatives; Mr, Alyin Thompson, of Paris, is visiting Danville relatives; Miss Carolyn Roseberry, ofParis, will be the guest of Mrs. AlbertWingate for the commencement festivities; Miss Nell Crutcher, of Paris,is a guest at the Kentucky College forWomen."Miss Corinne Collins entertainedWednesday afternoon at her home onHigh street with a farewell party forMiss Catherine Thompson, who willsoon leave to make her home at Hamilton College) in Lexington. MissThomson is quite a social foavoriteand. will be greatly missed by a largecircle of friends who wish her muchhappiness in her new home. Thosewho enjoyed Miss Collin's hospitalitywere Miss Catherine Thomson, Mrs.Frank P. Kiser, Mrs. Withers Davis,Misses Elizabeth Crutcher, Belle Hor-tcn .Nannie Brent and Clara- Belle4Mr. E.-B. McShane, of Cleveland,O., is a guest of his brother, Mr. C. B.McShane.Miss Alice Rogers Clay, who isattending scfiool in Cincinnati, willreturn home to-day.Misses Evelyn Henderson andJosie Stewart, of Georgetown, wereguests of Mrs. Carlton Williams,Wednesday.Mr. Bruce Adair will return today from Colorado Springs, Colo.,where he has been for the benefit ofhis health,Mrs. Swift Champ will leave forDanville to-morrow to visit her daughter, Miss Frances, for the Carnivalweek festivities.Misses Nellie Lou Robards andKeith Allen, of Harrodsburg, are theguests of Miss Anna Eads Peed. MissLuella Redmon, of Louisville, arrivedyesterday to join the party.Mr. Thomas Nichols, who liasbeen seriously ill of typhoid fever atthe Massie Hospital and was recovering, suffered a relapse, and developed pneumonia. He Avas taken to aLexington hospital yesterday.Judge and Mrs. Chas. A. McMillan were in Danville Wednesday toattend the closing exercises of theKentucky College for Women. MissAugusta Rogers, niece of Judge McMillan, and daughter of Mrs. Elizabeth' Rogers, of Lexington, carriedoff the class honors.Messrs. Edwin and BaldwinWoods, sons of Mr. and Mrs. JackWoods, have returned from St. Joseph's College, at Bardstown. Edwin Woods was one of this year'sgraduates, but owing to the smallpox scare, which prevails in Bardstown, it was with deep regret the faculty had to recall the invitationsto the commencement exercises whichwere to be held in two weeks.REDUCED PRICES ON MILLINERY.All millinery at greatly reducedprices for the next two, weeks forCASH. Nothing charged during thissale.5-4t MRS. CORNE W. BAIRD.DISPLAY. OF ORIENTAL RUGSAT THE J. T. HINTON STORE.Mr. S. Y. Hosanna, a rug expertfrom Persia, will be with the J. T.Hinton Co. this week with a line ofgenuine Oriental Rugs personally selected by him. " Sale commenced onThursday and will continue untilThursday evening, June 11, and hisprices are most reasonable. All arecordially invited to inspect this line.Mr. Hosanna comes highly recommended and will be found most interesting, (o-lt)Word was. received .here to-day thatas a result of the State Tuberculosis.Commission's campaign in Scott andBourbon counties in the preventionand cure of tuberculosis, district visiting nurses will be permanently employed in both counties. Miss Harriet Minaker, now head' nurse in thecontagious ward of the CincinnatiCity Hospital, and an advanced student in the work, will have charge ofthe work in Bourbon County, andElizabeth Hunt, of Cincinnati, willprobably be placed in Scott County.It is not known just when Miss Minaker will arive here to take up herduties.SUCCESSFUL OPERATIONPERFORMED ON TWINS.A successful operation for adenoidswas performed at the Massie Memorial Hospital, Wednesday, on the twinchildren of Mr. and Mrs. Jesse Traylor, residing on Cypress Street.PORCH SHADESWe sell the beautiful and serviceable "No Whip" Porch Shades. Theywill please you.A. F. WHEELER & CO.(5-tf)vmmimmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmJ GOOD FOR! POULTRY! jljIMOfOWING TO OUR LARGE SPRING BUSINESS ftWE WERE FORCED TO DUPLICATE .OUR ORDERS ONSilks, Challis andWash GoodsriHowever, you will find patterns and styles that are Sidifferent; values that you will'wilt say -areunsurpassedOur Dress Trimming and Lace StockCannot he equaled in this part of the StateiWhen it comes to LACE CURTAINS, DRAPERIESand RUGS we are right there we have the goods.iW. Ed Tucker. , $IParis' Only Exclusive Dry Goods Store.We Have the Stuff ThatMAKES HENS LAY !SSaivet Poultry Tonic isme ucot egg iiuuucci. weknow of. It's a greatsuccess and we warrantit to prove satisfactory.Price 25c for a box thatgoes a long way.Salvet Roud Tablets, 50ca box. They give unusual satisfaction.lifirSSfcir- V.-JCBCJ "WW8& TiLfatS-siRECITAL TO-NIGHT.Everyone is invited to attend thecommencement recital to-night to hegiven in the Sunday School rooms ofthe Presbyterian Church by the Morehead School of Music.OFFICERS RAID GAME OFNEGRO CRAP SHOOTERS.Chief of Police Link and PatrolmanGeorge W. Judy raided a bunch ofnegro crap shooters Wednesday, arresting thirteen. In Police Courttwelve of the men were given twohours to leUve town and the unluckythirteenth, who gave the unusualname of Flanagan, was held nominally on a disorderly conduct charge, asit is believed he is "wanted" in Ohio.BAREFOOT SANDALS.We have just received a new lineof barefoot sandals for Misses andChildren. They are just the thing forthese hot days. Come in while wehave your size.(5-tf) GEO. McWILLIAMS.KHfe HSk ! 9K8PBourbon Poultry Cure and41144, the two old reliables, 50c per bottle.We have all the other poultryand lice powders, such asPratt's, Hess', International, at25c per package. Crude Carbolic Acid for disinfecting henhouses and nests 15c per pint.PARIS, KY.Doyle Buudin g 8th and Mam"Watch Our Windows."Ladies' DiamondRingsGenuine Cut Stones, Bright andSparkling, Mounted in14k Hand-Made SettingsSpecial Values at- $10.00 and $12.50C. O. HINTONn(THE J. T. HIINTOIN CO.The BestareAlwaysthe4.Cheapestiliaa!&8K8Sg$8ra$r.. "" ,: ASH'.-. !SSMfWSV:-."aV I , . '"' "' .i:agSR '" SIDon't Mndsinger ,Your .HealthWith as.Cheap,Refrigerator8 :THE ODORLESSREPRIGERATOR"S,OFFERS THE PLEASURES OFPicture taking? INDOORS OR OUT.Come in and we will show youhow easy it is to us a Kodak. Alarge line ofKodaks, $6.00 to $20.00.Brownie Cameras, $1.00 to $12.00DaughertyBros.Just Received Now on Display.You have heard of this great Refrigerator. We want you to see them aaiclknow what they are. YOUR SATISFACTION IS GUARANTEED.All Odorless Refrigerators are cased with the most carefully selected andthoroughly KILN DRIED "OAK, not ash stained to imitate oak; but gehmne oakitself, the material used in all high.grade Refrigerators-and imitated in all others.The Odorless is also lined with LINOFELT and it is NAILED in place, andhito stay where it is put The Odorless is made in both the White Enamel, andthe Porcelain genuine lined. Will you let us show you these great Refrigerators?If you want a cheaper Refrigerator we have it, Come to-day.juOTHE J. T. HINTON COMPANYParis, Kentucky Phones 36 nUndertaking-Ambulance-Wood Mantels-THE BOURBON NEWS PARIS,. KY., JUNE 5, 19J.4SPEED MANIA CAUSES 63AUTO DEATHS fIN MAY.HOT WEATHER TONIC .AND HEALTH BUILDER.Sixty-three persons died in theUnited States during May as the direct result of automobile and motor2ycle' accidents, according to records3ompiled in a poll of the variousStates. According to these figuresOhio led in auto fatalities that month,17 deaths being reported. Illinoiswas second with nine. Indiana hadix deaths and Kentucky two. Thecause of the majority of the accidentsis reported to have been excessivespeed. Seven accidents are reportedTor the last day of May, causing thedeath of four persons and the seriousinjury of seven.NAre you run down nervous tired?Is every thing you do an effort? Youare not lazy you are sick! YourStomach, Liver, Kidneys, and wholesystem need a Tonic. A Tonic andHealth Builder to drive out the wastematter build you up and renew yourstrength. Nothing better than Electric Bitters. Start to-day. Mrs. Jas.Duncan, Haynesville, Me., writes:"Completely cured me after severaldoctors gave me up." 50c and $1.00,at your druggist.Bucklin's Arnica Salve for Cuts.(June)STRAYEDIf New "AIf "Easy- 1: Opening- -Box" fjBLACK :lV. WHITE, jlJfo TAN yBrightensupmillionsof shoesdailyshoe:POLISHESmwmM "mi VuyVVillJA -. ."v J'' VW vJJrmks cI it answers every beverage re-I quirement vim, vigor, refreshment,A wholesomeness. aIt will satisfy you. fflL Demand the genuine by full name EKtkM'MlL Nicknames encourage substitution. WJfmSyBVTHE COCA-COLA COMPANY fMWi"PienereryoH see anLrxow thinkof Coca-Cola.Steffanson's Arctic exploration shipKarluck was crushed in the Arcticice and the crew was forced to seekTefuge on Wrangle Island in Januaryaccording to word just received.SAVE MONEYWHEN YOUPAINT YOUR HOUSEIt costs no more to apply HighStandard" quality paint and it givesmore beautiful effects and wearslonger. Thus you "will get bestresults and save money by usingMBrotheisThis is a ready-to-use paint of highest quality. It has great spreading andprotecting power, and the colors arevery durable. It comes in a large number of tints and shades, making possibleany colorscheme.Come in for color cards, and let usbelp solve your painting problems.Chas. E. Butler & Co.Opp. Court House.! St !Pays toISn Mt WeatherJust as it Pays to Keep Warm inCold Weather, or Dry inWt Weather.Then Why Not Try one of Our- Electric Irons on TwoWe Will Deliver it at Any Time.Why not drop into our office and look at our line ofElectric Fans?Ther are just as sensible in Summer as a coal firein Winter.Paris Gas & Electric Co.(Incorporated)For military purposes an Englishman is- building an aeroplane with 240horsepower motors, 100 horsepowermore than any now in use, and thatwill carry a gun, wireless equipmentand four or five men.Moving pictures of scenes in thestrawberry patches of Warren countyare being taken under the auspicesof the United States Department ofAgriculture.GOOD FORTHE iYES-AND EYES ONLYEAGLE EYES?Do yon think that watery, matteryejes are natural? Do you believethat styes, Rrannlated lids, poorsight, growths, are natural? UseEAGLE EXE SAEVE and yon haeEagle Eyes again.For Sale by All Druggists.Liabilities of over a million dollars,with assets of over twice that much,are shown in the report of the receiver for the Pope ManufacturingCompany.is SicknessA Siit? A Sin ofM Commissionor a Sin of Omission? Or Both?We transgress Nature's laws, the Liverstrikes, t&en we omit or neglect untilwe ache or sicken.Loosen the dammed-up bile. Keep itloose with the old time-tried May AppleBoot, Podophyllin.) Podophyllin withthe gnpe taken out is calledJCeep Cool IWeeks Free Trial?EAgleeyesalVEvmmmmummmmBALWAYS LEAD TO BETTERHEALTH.Serious sicknesses start in disorders of the stomach, liver and kidneys. The best corrective and preventive is Dr. King's New Life Pills.They purify the Blood Prevent Constipation, keep Liver, Kidneys andBowels in healthy condition. Giveyou better health by ridding the system of fermenting and gassy foods.Effective and mild. 25c, at yourdruggist.Bucklin's Arnica Salve for all hurts.(June)SMALL PAY MAIN CAUSEOF DEFALCATIONS.A large secruity company of NewYork, in a report just made , public,places $40,000,000 as a conservativeestimate of the defalcations throughout the United States in 1913. Theftsof $4,000,000 -were publicly reported,while insurance, policies paid becauseof burglaries and other evidences ofloss, bring the total up to the firstfigure. Insufficient salaries are placed at the head of the cause for theftsfrom banks, commercial and publicfunds. Next under the head of causes is carelessness with which employers and public officials check up thebooks of trusted employes. Extravagances at home also have resulted inmany defalcations, according to thereport.COUGHS AND COLDS WEAKENTHE SYSTEM.Continued Coughs, Colds and Bronchial troubles are depressing andweaken the system. Loss of weightand appetite generally follow. Get a50c bottle of Dr. King's New Discovery to-day. It will stop your cough.The first dose helps. The best medicine for Stubborn Coughs, Colds andall Throat and Lung Troubles. Mr.O. H. Brown, Muscatine, Ala., writes:"My wife was sick during the hot summer months and I honestly believeDr. King's New Discovery saved herlife." Good for children. 50c and?1.00 at your druggist.v (June)So rich is Argentine tobacco innicotine that much of it is used inthe manufacture of insecticides.STATEMENTOf The Ownership, Management, Circulation, Etc.,Of TheBOURBON NEWSpublished Tuesdays and Fridays atParis, Ky,' required by the Act ofAugust 24, 1914.NOTE This statement is to bemade in duplicate, both copies to bedelivered by the publisher to the Postmaster, who will send one copy tothe Third Assistant Postmaster General (Division ofClassification)' Washington, D. C, and retain the other inthe files of the postoffice.Name of Editor Swift Champ.Postoffice Address Paris, Ky.Managing Editor Swift Champ.Business Manager Swift Champ.Publisher Swift Champ.Owners: (If a corporation give thename and address of stockholdersholding one per cent, or more of total amount of stock.)Swift Champ.Known stockholders, mortgageesand other security holders, holdingone per cent, or more of total amountof bonds, mortgages or other securities. None.SWIFT CHAMP.Sworn to and subscribed before methis 29th day of May, 1914.GRACE HASKINS,Notary Public Bourbon Co., Ky.My Commission expires Jan. 28, 1918.(5june-lt)HOW CHILDREN GROWChildren grow by nourishment notoverloaded stomachs or rich foods butqualities that are readily converted intolife-sustaining blood; too often theirdigestive powers eannot procure thesequalities from ordinary foods which resultsin weakness, dullness and sickness.If your children are under-size, underweight, catch cold easily, are languid,backward, pale or frail, give them Scott'sEmulsion whichispure medicinal nourishment. It sharpens the appetite, buildshealthy flesh, firm muscles and activebrains. Scott's is growing-food forchildren. Refuse alconolic substituteKENTUCKY TRACTION & TERMINAL COMPANY.Interurban Schedule.Leave Lexington Leave ParltFor Paris for Lexington6.00 a m 6:45 a m7:20 a m "' 7:30 a m8:00 am 8:15 a m8:50 am 9:00am10:20 a m 9:45 a m .11:50 a m . 11:15 a m1:20 p m 12:45 p m2:50 q. m 2:15 p. m3:30 p m, 3:45 p m4:20 p m ' ' . 4:30 p m5:00 p m 5:15 p m6:00 p m 6:05 p m7:20 p m 6:50 p m9:10 p m 8:15 p m11:00 p m . , . 10:05 p mDaily except Sunday t . 'From the farm of Dr. William Kenney, on the Lexington pike, Saturdaynight, one black or brown horse mule.Large wart on foreleg. Informationas to whereabouts should be communicated toCAYWOOD & McCLINTOCK,Paris, Ky.FOR SALE PRIVATELY.I will sell privately my house andlots on the corner of Eleventh andMain streets. Possession given July1. Any one desiring to examine theproperty may call on Saturdays.(15tf) W. L. YERKES.FOR RENT.Storeroom on Main street known asthe Weatherall property. Possessionto be given at once. Also 3 rooms upstairs. Will rent as a whole or separately. (15-tf) CHAS. PEDDICORDN otice!&All persons having claims againstthe estate of Mahala Brent, deceased,are requested to present them properly proven to the undersigned Administrator on or before July 1, 1914.All persons indebted to MahalaBrent, deceased, are requested to callupon the undersigned and makeprompt settlement.JAMES MACON,(29-3t-eot) Administrator.See the Cake Walk !Don't fail to see the old-fashionedSouthern Cake Walk at the BourbonCounty Fair Grounds by the BourbonBlack Blitzens onFriday, June 26th.White ladies and gentlemen arecordially invited, and a special section will be reserved for them. Wehave positive guarantee of good orderfrom our Chief of Police Fred Link.BOURBON BLACK BLITZENS.Dissolution Notice.The firm of Browner & Johnson isthis day dissolved by mutual consent.Mr. Browner retires from the firm andMr. Johnson will conduct the businessin his own name. All accounts dueto the firm of Browner & Johnson arepayable to Johnson, who also assumesthe payment of outstanding obligations. That the business will continue to enjoy the liberal patronage ofthe public, is the sincere wish of bothparties hereto. Respsctfully,GEO. W. BROWNER.JNO. JOHNSON.(19-3w)To the Creditors of GeorgeAlexander & Co. StateBank.NOTICE.The creditors of the above namedGeorge Alexander & Company StateBank are hereby notified to file theirclaims with the undersigned, verified as required by law, at my officeat the Bourbon Bank & Trust Company's place of business in Paris,Kentucky, on or before September 1,1914; and all depositors of said bankare requested to bring in and leavewith the undersigned their passbooks, in order that they may beposted.BUCKNER WOODFORDSpecial Deputy Banking Commissioner. (22-Fri 3mos.)ft. J. NEELYWAREHOUSEStables and Coal YardFor Rent!For over 30 years tliis has been asuccessful business stand in the FarmImplement, Seeds and Coal Business.Possession on. or about July 1.r W. W. MITCHELL, Agt.Safe InvestmentT-win.Gives advice to all the people of Paris -and.Bourbon County to invest their moneysinClothing, Shoes,Hats, Caps,Underwear, Etc.They will give you one hundred cents onthe dollar on your merchandise investmentsCall in and see themL. WOLLSTEIIN, Prop.TheandThe telephone goes hand in hand with goodroads.The telephone overcomes many of the obstacles of bad roads and makes it possible for thefarmer and other rural residents to transact business in the city and with neighbors when theroads are impassable.Progressive farmers are insisting upon goodroads and telephones. These two agencies of'modern civilization are doing more than all otherstoward eliminating the isolation of country lifeYou can have a telephone in your home at verysmall cost. Send a postal for our free bookletgiving complete information.FARMERS' LINE DEPARTMENTCumberland Telephoneand Telegraph CompanyINCORPORATED.! Perfect Spring Costumes !t::::ADVANCciuMMFHStYLU li '" ' ' "TUI - i T" ' -L JL1. WtL l -IfwOll BOOK OF FASHIONSThey will please every refined woman's fancy the newest styleswide-hipped gowns, rippling skirts, ruffles, shadow lace effects'bustle suggestions all are described and illustrated in the mostattractive and practical way.There never was a time when the "perfect costume" was so easyto attain, irrespective of the size of your purse.With McCall Patterns stylish, perfect fitting, and easy to makeand the lovely new Spring and Summer Fabrics it is a pleasureto make your own clothes.The McCall StvlPR. nrpnffnnc of avamfa .,,. ,in the realm of fashion, add distinction and personality to a trulyeconomical costume. TGet your copy of the New McCall Fashion SheetFree at Our Pattern Department to-day. - JHARRY SIMON,. j Pari, Ky.BrosTelephoneGood Roadsare shown in endless variety in the newSummerMcCallBook of Fashionsnow on saleANDMcCALLPATTERNS.i?vr fNVWk2xp!f3KH!8f1JHE BOURBON tifcWg, PARIS, fcENTUCKY, JUNE 5 19145mmmmmmmBORLAND'SThe Home of Good Wall PaperWALL PAPER TALK No. 7.Bed RoomlDccoration-Little can be added to what we previously mentioned concerning the suitability of "near to nature effects" for the bed room.While simplicity is the key-note of decorative success,quite frequently this room requires decorations along thelines herein mentioned.A panelled treatment for both walls and ceiling, thecut-out borders should be used in the larger rooms. Delicately figured and colored walls and'ceilings are most appropriate in work of this character.Let us help you make your selection.LOOK US UP!514 Main St., Next to VIr. Mamie Parker.TELEPHONE 159t Pans Odorless Cleaning Co. IsLet us Make that Last Winter's Suit or OvercoatLook Like New.You will be surprised when we send your clothes home,and will wonder why you have not tried us before.AH Work Guaranteed SatisfactoryMen's and Ladies' Panama and Straw Hats Cleaned andReblocked;'to your satisfaction.We Call Tor and Deliver Work.Call up E. T. Phone 40.Paris Odorless Cleaning Co., Sam Levy, Proprietor.White Kid Gloves Cleaned, short, 10c; long 25c.1NMMNMMNHHItww0D. VSpecialMay Sale.50 Ladies' Stylish andHandsomeSpringSuitsllr ni-f3U oovnii4T& wAll Sizes and Colors,1 KEY TO BEINGWELL DRESSEDThe Combination of Heavyand Sheer Fabrics in Dresses of Linen, Lawn, Etc.CRESSEE EFFECTSARE IN VOGUE.NEW YORK, May 4, 1914...A smartly-dressed woman once said,to me, "To be well dressed a womanmust season her wardrobe with a dashof the pepper of cleverness and a bitof the spice of individuality, and mixthem with the spoon of commonsense."This is true, indeed. A woman maybe well dressed, but without the individuality needed to give her distinction. It is said of the American andEnglish women that the reason theyhave not that indefinable air of style,which is so largely a part of theFrench woman's charm, is that theyleave too much to the dressmakerand put too little of themselves intotheir gowns. The result'is that theyare well dressed, but often lack thequality of having their clothes a partthem; in fact, they look subservientto their tpparel.This quality is rather subtile; itmay mean correct use of a bit of color,or a little hand embroidery on a telling spot. However, a great deal depends upon wearing the right gownat the proper time and occasion. Infact, more mistakes are combined onthis score than on any other.KINDLY CALL ATTwin ii. DepaiH MSeventh and Main Sts., Paris, Ky.the bodice of the low eyening gownmay be either square in front, circular like the dress of ancient Greeceor crossing like the fichu of the eighteenth century, but 'only in front oithe bodice. The back of the gown iscut extremely low in a V largely withthe bodice coming to a point on eithersnouiaer to show the rounded upperarm, as well as the center of theback.Paradoxical as it may seem, thepopularity for the cross effects (noticeable in the use of ribbons and theplacings of the belt) is inspired andcontrolled by the vogue for the narrow and straight line. It shows itselfstrongly in five pionts of the costume:I first, the skirts: second, the belts:third, the jackets -and vests; fourth,the corsage, or waist of the gown;fifth, in the fastenings of the cape.The modest fichu is the forerunnerof the style of crossing lines on thebodice, the draped effect beginning atthe shoulder and crossing at the waistin a sort of fichu belt.The skirts are floating and vague,and at the same time they are heldcaptive. They flutter in the breezes,but cling closely to the figure. Thiseffect is given by flounces, one ormany. They are pleated and gathered, or cut to ripple, and their flowingline is full of charm. The binding oftheir wayward fullness is accomplished by a band of cloth or ribbon, whichis placed in a zigzag line around thebody, developing into the doublecrossed tunic, with its varied effectin line.The capes show the crossed effectmore strongly than any one garment.The straps cross the shoulder with amilitary air.To the flat headdress often an accent is given by the aigrette, whichis now very, very small. Aigrettesin spun glass, Malacca, steel, or jet,are held on by circling chain or narrow ribbon, jewel-set, of metal. Forinstance, two fine tentacles, slim-jew-ledaigrettes, rise from above the leftear, while the narrow flat gold bandwhich holds them, circles the head,passing below and over the top of thehead, passing below and over the topof the right ear. Again, a small tuftof spun glass springs from a roundbut flat-based jewel, which is placedin the center of the forehead, heldthere apparently by its own weight,and a chain of fine pearls that risesin a V from the center jewel to circlethe top of the coiffure at the back ofthe" head.fflfmfmfmmWttJob PrintingWORK DONEPUBLIC SALEOFDesirable Frame ResidenceAnd Aaout Four Acres of land.illHaving determined to move to Florida on account of my continuedhealth, I will sell at public auction, on the premises, onTUESDAY; JUNE B9 1914,beginning at 3 o'clock p. m., the fol-lowing Paris real estate:My two-story frame residence, located at the corner of Cypress andBoone Streets. The house is a substantial two-story frame structure, containing eight rooms, presses, front, side and back porches, dry cellar, goodcistern, sewer in and connected, andconcrete pavements. The buildingis considered of first-class material and is an ideal home. The lot has afrontage of 60 feet on Cypress street, and extends back 200 feet to an alley. On the rear of the lot is a substnatial and roomy stable.Also, about four acres of land in the rear of the residence. This landis located, on both sides of Boone Street, and can be sub-divided intotwelve building lots.The residence will first be offered separately; then about two acres ofland on the South of Boone Street will be offered; then the two acres ofland on the north side of Boone Street. Then the four acres will be offered as a whole, after which the entire property, including the residenceand four acres of land land will be offered. The best bids or bid will thenbe accepted for the property.TERMS Easy, and made known on the day of sale.Anyone interested in this property is Invited to call and inspect thepremises before the day of sale. For further information, call onJOHN TARR,Or Harris & Speakes, Agents.Geo. D. Speakes, Auctioneer, Paris, Kentucky.PILES! PILES! PILES!WILLIAMS' INDIAN PILE OINTMEPWill cure Blind, Bleeding and Itching PriIt absorbs the tumors, allays itching at onacts as a poultice, gives instant relief.For sale by all druggists, mail 50c and $1WILLUMS MFC. CO., PrfMM OevelMd, OIL. QbprtqrfVt Dru9tf Pari, Ky.J. S. Wallingford, M. D..-2voffice on Sixth Street,Between Main and High,'Phones 31f v. PARIS, KY. ICoarse Linen and Plaid Ratine MakeThis a Frock of Novel Smartness.For my first illustration I have useda gown . which is appropriate formany usages. The waist and longtunic are of heavy, coarse linen, braided down the front m a simple andeffective design. The underskirt andjog in the waist are of plaid ratine,blue pink white. A starched collarof linen is the only stiff thing aboutthe dress and adds a touch of trimness to the costume which is otherwise noticeable for its pliant, fallingfolds. With this gown is worn acharming hat, covered entirely withsmall white flowers. The slenderaigrette adds height and cachet tothe hat and indirectly to the costume.Waistcoats and waistcoat effects areseen on the newest and smartest ofParisian suits and dresses. Thewaistcoat dress in the second illustration is unusual in its style and in itsdevelopment. The body and sleevesof the bodice are of sheer embroidered linen, while the waiscat, collarand cuffs are of fine pique. The longtunic, pointed in front, is of the embroidered linen, with a wide hem ofthe pique hemstitched to the edge.The narrow underskirt is of the whitepique.Pull capes in cloth, serge, moireand satin are seen everywhere forwalks down the avenue, for shoppingand for evening wear. Skirts, withcapes to match, are often used in theplace of the jackets suit. They aremade in all "colors, yellow and navyblue, lined with black moire silk, having the collar and pocket cuffs of thesame, the front being shorter thanthe back, which ripples in a gracefuland dashing manner.The sleeves zouave jackets, in military style, are very good and practical for summer suits. These aretrimmed across the front with ornaments and braid, and have a highRoman striped belt, fastened infront. The armhole of these jacketsdrop very little on the shouldersThe neck is rather low in the backgiving ample room for the new standing collars in lace or organdy.Simple in the extreme is the treatment of the decollete.- Sleeveless,and placed high oyer eac'N -" wilder,WHENPR (MTiSRlGood Work Done Cheap;Cheap Work Done Good!ft! -.tot MCCALI,TRE J9B RGOffiS OFTHEBtf RB0NNewsAre prepaired to do the best ofPrinting on short notice suchasBILLHEADS,LETTERHEADS,CARDS,CATALOGPOSTERS,and, in fact, everythingthat is printed.Orders for Engraving,such as Wedding Announcements, Invitations,given prompt attention.oneer Embroidered Linen WeightedWith Waiscot and Tunic Hemof White Pique.Meanwhile, it is to England we owethe modern art of the eyebrows.There the artist rectifies the mistakesof the Creator and abets Nature, sothat the brow not only betrays a typeof character, but hides the true significance of brows that so frankly betray traces -that do not accord withcne teatures of the beauty's face.Tenderness is given to a hard nature,jealousy becomes hauteur, lack of decision becomes chastity. Thus, thefeature that Flaubert compares to twoarches of triumph under which auouDie sun sets, and which the Chinese poets describe as a swallow inits flight, the English beauty connoisseur of the twentieth century regards, as did Buffon, who, in his Histoire Naturelle, declares the part ofthe visage which, after the eyes, contributes more to the physiognomy arethe eyebrows. Therefore, to-day wecorrect Nature and rectify her mistakes; even innocence no longer is aprey for the marauder; to-day a protection, a deception, it is true, protects the ignorant under the falsesign of knowledge.vwas. v ? 99 A? $ -wGET RID OF YOUR RHEUMATISM.Now is the time to get rid of yourrheumatism. You can do it if youapply Chamberlain's Liniment. WA. Lockhard, Homer City, N. Y.'writes, "Last spring I suffered frommy arms and shoulders. I got a bottie of Chamberlain's Liniment and thefirst application relieved me. yBy using one bottle of it I was entirelycured." For sale by all dealers.Let us figure with you onon your next workOur facilities are the best, havingjust installed two of the latest improved Chandler & Price JobPresses come around and see themwork.Our type is new and modernfaces. -be Bourbon new,104 Issues a Year for$2.00..Advertising rates reasonable and madeknown on application; ; " -ftilMMWWiUiSKv ,'""THE 30URB0N NEWS, PARIS, KENTUCKY, JUNE 5, 1914... k-K. '"SkvT''1-MNEWS OF MILLERSBURGMr. and Mrs. T. A. Vimont moved"Wednesday from rooms in Miller Flatto their home in Paris..Mrs. R. H. Hudson, of Ewing, arrived Tuesday, as guest of her mother, Mrs. Elizabeth Stirman.Mr. and Mrs. Roy Pinkston, ofCovington, were guests of Mrs. Earl3arton, Wednesday and Thursday." Most of the blue grass stripperssre going out from here to-day andthere is a great demand for hands,lorses and mules.Miss Helen Clarke, of Louisville,33 the guest of her grandmother ant':aunt, Mrs. Louie Clarke, and daughter, Miss Margaret.-s-Dr C. C. Fisher and Rev. J. D.jledd attended District Conference of-the M. E. Church South, at Berry,Wednesday and Thursday.Capt. Howard Frees, a member ofthe M. M. I. faculty, left for NewYork, Tuesday evening, and sailedThursday evening for Germany.NOTICE AH persons knowing-themselves to be indebted to the firmof Corrington & Smedley will please-call and Settle their accounts withinthe next ten days, or same will beplaced in the hands of a collector,as the tmsiness of the old firm must"be settled up at noce. 5-lt.Mrs. C. M. Best, accompanied byTier nephew, Harry Roche, aHd CadetDotts, left Tuesday for Philadelphia,-yfheve Mrs. Best attended the graduation of her niece Thursday evening.Mrs. Mary H. Nell and daughter,2:ss Esther K. Nell, left Tuesday fora month's sojourn with relatives atFrankfort, from where Miss Nell willgo to Crab Orchard, where she willplay in the orchestra at the Springs-during the months of July and August.The commencement exercises of-the M..M. I. opened Tuesday at 10:302u m., at the M. M. I. auditorium. Agood audience was in attendance,which was fully up to those of thepast, though the auditorium was notfull. At the appointed time, the members of the graduating class of 1914,lieaded by Col. Best, took their placeson the rostrum. A good musical program had been arranged by Miss Esther K. Nell, which' was well earnedout. The baccaularate address wasdelivered by Dr. Adams, President ofGeorgetown College, which indeedwas a masterpiece and was deliveredIn forty-five minutes, his subject being "The Trinity of the Progress ofthe Times." It was deep and logical,and yet the speaker was fascinating,holding the attention of his audienceduring the entire time. At the coseof the address Col. Best delivered thediplomas, in an appropriate address,previewing briefly the work of the pastyear und thanking students and patTons for their loyalty. After this thehonor roll was read. Dr. Adams dejjRvered the medal for the highest average during the entire year of school,which was awarded to Cadet Howard,of Eastern Kentucky, this makingtwo years in succession he has wonthis medal. Col. Best then read the-roll of officers for the coming year,which was followed by the benediction by Dr. Adams, and at 12:15 theMillersburg Military Institute was formally closed until next September. Anumber of guests witnessed the exercises from all the surroundingtowns.Mrs. Ashby Leer entertained anumber of her lady friends ThursayI afternoon with rook.Mr. and - Mrs. J. B. Cray entertained their children and grandchildren with a dining Wednesday, theoccasion being Mr. Cray's birthday.Friday has been set apart by theW. C. T. U. as a clean-up day for thetown. Let everybody get busy andassist them. Get all garbage readythat you want hauled away and it willbe removed during the day.Miss Ethel Fisher, who has beenteaching in Georgia, is at home forthe summer vacation. -Miss OliveFisher, who has been attending schoolat Randolf Macon College, Va., is alsoat home.The Master Masons degree wasconferred upon Mr. J. Clarke Leer, Jr.,Tuesday evening in Amity Lodge No.40, F. and A. M., the work beingdone by F. B. Cray, W. M., assistedby Mr. W. A. Butler.The City Council in regular session Wednesday night, passed the ordinance prohibiting fowls running atlarge upon the streets of Millersburg,the vote being 4 to 1 in favor of theordinance. The Council ordered thepurchase of two electric light meterson trial. A number of small accountswere allowed. The new chemical engine recently purchased will be givena public demonstration in a few days.Mrs. Ed. Brown and little son,Gordon, of Cynthiana, are guests ofMrs. Hattie Brown and family.Mr. and Mrs. James Gilmore, ofAnderson, Indiana, are guests of Mr.and Mrs. Henry Bowling, and otherrelatives.BAPTIST SUMMER ASSEMBLY,GEORGETOWN, KY., JULY 6-10.The Baptist Summer Assembly willbe held at Georgetown, Ky., fromJuly 6th to July 10th, inclusive. Mr.George M. Newel; local chairman,Georgetown, Ky., assures us that ample accommodations will be providedfor all who wish to attend. He desires all those who are going to theAssembly to write at once to him forreservation. First come, first served.Please do not delay writing him.They have arranged an excellentprogram. The speakers are amongthe best we have in the Southland.They are Field Secretary ArthurFlake, of the B. Y. P. U. work eastNEWSReturn to Old System.Frankfort The death blow administered by the Court of Appeals to theact of 1910, designating one of theState prisons as a reformatory anddirecting commitment to it firstoffenders, and the other as the penitentiary for the incarceration of habitual criminals, will compel a returnto the old system of committing toEddyville prisoners in the westernpart of the State, x excepting females,Thomas & Woodford 1and Drisoners from the central andof the Mississippi ; Field becretary L. eastern portion, to Frankfort.P. Leavell, of the Baptist Sunday j Hereafter courts in counties west ofSchool Board; Dr. C. B. Williams, of the eastern borders of Meade, Hardin,the Southwestern Baptist Theologicel and Allen counties must commit prisSeminary, Texas; Dr. Lincoln Halley, ' oners convicted of felonies to EddyPresident Stetson University, DeLand, ' ville and all east of that line to FrankFla.; Dr. B. D. Gray, Corresponding f0rt.Secretary Baptist Home MissionBURR GROUND MEALYour grocer sells Burr GroundMeal. Give it a trial. ManufacturedbyMILLERSBURG MILLS.(22-1 mo)LATONIA BANK REOPENS;DEPOSITORS ALL SECURED.Board, Atlanta, Ga.; Dr. F. D. .Perkins. Corresponding Secretary Ken-Game Wardens Make Raid.Frankfort In a raid extending 190tucky Baptist Theological Seminary ',,es" the V0uTh the Ken"n,S?"-: fM!S I"? B'ver to Ford, above Lock 10.the Southern Baptist TheologicalSeminary, Louisville, Ky.; Dr. C. MThompson, pastor First BaptistChurch, Hopkinsville, Ky. Amongothers on the program are Miss Margaret A. Frost, Elementary Specialist, Nashville, Tenn.; Miss KathleenMallory, Corresponding Secretary W.M. U. Auxiliary to the Southern Baptist Convention.We are putting special stress onthe music this year. Mr. and Mrs.J. Fred Scholfield will have chargeof same. Mr. Scholfield will use "Immanuel's Praise," and desires that wehave a large chorus choir to assisthim. There are several other interesting features, namely "The SunsetHour," Parstors' Conference and amusical entertainment. B. Y. P. U.Convention on Thursday, July 9th.For any further information, writeto J. J. Gentry, No. 205' East Chestnut,Louisville, Ky.PURCHASES LEEDSPROPERTY IN EAST PARIS.The First National Bank of Latoniawill reopen its doors Monday morning, at which time business will beresumed without loss to any of thedepositors. Reorganization took placeat a meeting held at the bank officesSaturday morning and included theselection of Judge John Lassing, ofNewport, Ky., as president to succeedJ. T. Earle, of Latonia. H. B. Beck,of Owenton, Ky., formerly of theCampbell County Bank, Bellevue, Ky.,is the new cashier. Losses to stockholders are reported to be far higherthan was expected, by far the greateramount of the bank's paper having already been redeemed.Mr. Oscar Miller yesterday purchased of the Leeds heirs the framecottage in East Paris at a privateprice.LUKE McLUKE SAYSEXCEPTIONAL OPPORTUNITYFOR THE INVESTOR.Elsewhere in this issue appears thead. of Prof. W. L. Yerkes offering forsale his desirable residence, and iotsadjoining, corner of Eleventh andMain. This is exceptionally well-locatedfor erection of apartmenthouses, being on trolley line, near L.& N. station, and near business center. See ad. (19-tf)Mother Jones came pretty close totelling the truth when she said that awoman can "raise all the hell shewants to without having a vote."A good wife who is a good motherdoesn't do any raving about "equalrights," because she knows that herhusband regards her as his superior.What has become of the old-fashionedtad who believed that cigaretteswere made out of cigar butts?INDIGESTION AND CONSTIPATION"About five years ago I began taking Chamberlain's Tablets after suffering from indigestion and constipation for years without finding any:thing to relieve me. Chamberlain'stablets helped me at once and by using them for several weeks I wascured of the complaint," writes Mrs.Mary E. McMullen, Phelps, N. Y. Forsale by all dealers.(June)in the same river, wardens of theGame and Fish Department confiscated twenty-six hoop and wing nets andseven fish boxes. They have swornout warrants in nearly every countythey have passed through. WardensGeorge M. Hill, of Paris; Cash Shawand Samuel South, of Frankfort, andR. M. Malkin, of Louisville, made theraid9Model Turnpike Begun.Carlisle Work on the model turnpike road, which is to constructedfrom Carlisle to the Bath County linevia Moorefield, is to begin soon. Itis reported that about all of the necessary funds have been subscribed toinsure the success of the enterprise.Large quantities of rock are beinggotten out in the quarries and a newcrusher has been purchased. Nicholas County will expend on the road $1to every $1 subscribed and paid in bythe citizens.Educational Association.Frankfort An unusal effort will bemade during the year to arouse the interest of school trustees in the Kentucky Educational Association and secure their attendance at the K. E. A.meeting next spring in Louisville.After a conference attended by JohnMcFerran, of Louisville; SecretaryThomas Vinson, Miss Lida Gardner,County Superintendent of Nicholas,and others, it was decided to ask theCounty Superintendents to give oneday for their county institutes to thetrustees, and to send someone atevery institute to address the trustees.Government Meat fnspection.Lexington Dr. Thomas B. Pote,meat expert from the Bureau of Animal Industry, Washington, detailedto inspect condition curroundingthe slaughtering and handling ofmeat in Kentucky, with J. W. Mc-Farlin, chief pure food inspector ofthe State, will spend next month visiting all cities and town in Kentuckywhich have slaughtering plants, witha view to bettering sanitary conditions. Dr. Pote and Prof. McFarlinwill go to Louisville to-day for an inspection of several days.iNow Summer StylesSNAPPY FOOTWEAR!!4 WAU-S$hFire, Wind,Lightning Insurance!Protect Your GrowingTobacco AgainstHAILOnly First-Class CompaniesRepresentedoFIRST SALE OF 1914CROP OF BLUEGRASS.E. F. Spears & Sons purchased ofMr. C. C. Clarke, of near North Middletown, this week 16,000 bushels ofBluegrass seed at 52 cents per bushel,delivered August 1. This is the firstsale of this commodity in this countyfor the season.STATE EQUALIZATION BOARDFIXES VALUATION.OLDEST IN THE BUSINESS.Lawn mowers sharpened and , reautomobile and machine repair shopin the city.SAM'L KERSLAKE & SON,East Cor. Third & Pleasant Sts.(15-8t)PureOpenKettleRenderedLard$6.00per SO lb. canThis Week onlyBaldwinBros.,Paris, KentuckyTor Men Women and Children.Fashion and Common Sense Both Tell Us That Low Shoes Should BeWorn in Summer.VThe Greatest Selection of Summer Footwear !Of Snappy New Models Which Set the Pace for Style and Have Long.Heldthe Record for Comfort and Wear, J . -At Greatly Reduced Prices.Ladies' Colonial Pumps, enriched with shining Men's Tan Oxfords and Shoes, English last, ofsteel buckles or the more subdued black leather the Walk-Over make that fit so well,ornaments, $4.00 values at $2.99 and $2.4-9 at $4.50 and $4.00Ladies; Oxfords and Mary Jane Pumps, in Pat- Men's Oxforsd in Tan and Gun Metal, of theent Colt or Dull Soft Kid, light soles 14.00 val- f amous Walk-Over and Beacon makes, at 3.50ues, at $2.99 and 2.49Ladies's Suede and Velvet Baby Doll Pumps, Men's Oxfords, button and lace, bench made,custom made, $3.00 values at.... $2.49 and 1.99 at $2.49 and 2.99Ladies' White Canvas Oxfords and Pumps, best Men's Patent and Gun 'Metal Oxfords, bestmakes, S3.00values at $1.49and 1.99 makes, at , 1.99Ladies Oxfords and Pumps in Patent and Gun . Boys' Shoes and Oxfords in all leathers andMetal, or Dull Kid, 2.00 and $3.00 value at-. . . 1 .49 styles, at $ 1 .99 and 1 .49Misses' and Children's Pumps and Oxfords at Lowest Prices.JDJUST COHEN'Greatest Shoe Storea. Where Beauty and Ecpnomy ReignsBoth Phones32The State Board of Equalization,which has just concluded its laborsfor the year, fixed the value of allproperty in Kentucky subject to assessment by county assessors at $864,273,939, which is $12,102,633 greaterthan for 1913 and $18,428,215 morethan, the valuation for the currentyear as returned by the county assessors.Lots of old-fashioned hoys whowanted to become pirates have grown,up and gratified their ambitions without seeing a ship.1E.Eighth and MainNo DeliveryNo PhonesNo Crediti wI!Sliced Ham ber lb 25cSliced Breakfast Bacon, lb. .25cFresh Pork Sausage, per lb 18cChuck Steak, per lb 16cRound Steak, per lb 18cLoin Steak, per lb 20cPorterhouse Steak, per lb. ,22cPlate Roast, per lb 12jcChuck Roast, per lb 15cRib Roast, per lb 16cRump Roast, per lb 15cPork Chops, per lb 18cPork Roast, per lb 16ckPure Lard, per lb 14cFresh Fish Received Daily.aamm::JiM, J, Heller&CO.a?sDon't WorrvYourself Duriner the II Hot Weather! IBut Come in and We Will Suggesta Quick and Easy Meal for You.Sliced Ham,Minced Ham,Dried Beef,Bologna,Imported Swiss Cheese,Brick Cheese,Pimento Cheese,Snappy Cheese,' N. Y. Cream CheeseCanned Meats of AH Kinds.Stone's Famous Silver Slice Cakes.IfsT. C. LEINIHAIN.Cash Grocerv.ft Both Phones 234I.t , ljL