7 -v w i v . ,- 1?r t VTHENEWStie" t". 'x-TteS -.id"3PUBLISHED "EVFRY TUESDAY AND FBIDAY IN THE YEAR"VOLUME XXXIIPARIS, KENTUCKY, TUESDAY, AUGUST 25 1914. fBOURBON1warn BATTLEOF- ISNOW ONHundreds of Thousands AreInvolved in a TitanicGrapple.JAPAN TO WARON GERMANY.Prospects of N World WideConflict BrighteningEach Day.LONDON, Aug. 24. After nearlyiree weeks of mobilization, the battleci science has begun.Roughly speaking, the Germans are.ving to work around the allies'J.ank in Belgium, while the Frenchiv e attempting to apply the same process to the Germans in Alsace.Ylinost all the encounters whichiive gone before have been mereffcconnoissances. The defeat of a.-sginient here and there has beenproclaimed as a victiry, but in thisg-apple of hundreds of thousandsmost of these affairs have had nosignificance.The official announcements fromDJth sides have been candid so far.From the standpoint of the allieseach important feature in Saturday'sdevelopment is the great battle'hich began in the morning on theI.amur-Charleroi line. This is beingfought on the position chosen by theallies.jl German official statement saysthat troops under the command of theCrown Prince of Bavaria, fighting between Metz and Vosges, took 10,000prisoners and fifty guns. It addedthat the French troops opposing theGermans comprised eight armycorps.An official British statement calmlysays that nothing resembling a greatbattle has been fought as yet, andwarns the. people aganst optimism.Ileports from the Austrian-Servianline says the Servians have won abattle on the Drina, which militaryexperts consider highly probable, astbe Servians have a comparativelysiozll army but one of which has passed through two years of actual war:jq 1 therefore has the advantage ofcierans fighting against amateurs.From the Russian boundry conflicting reports come, both sides claims success.English papers are warnings thepeople that the war is only beginningEd that they must be prepared fors ong struggle which will test theoures and manhood of the nation3 the utmost limit.WASHINGTON, Aug. 22. The BrittVi government will consider it a diet violation of American neutral- if the tramp steamer Mazatlan,"'Died clearance at an Francisco, isemitted to sail with coal for thecmancruiser, Leipzig. The ships held on protest of the Britishoisul at San Francisco and Colville-rclay, charge d'affairs of the Briton embassy here, took the matter up.ill the State Department officals.EKIN, CHINA, Aug. 22. TheTinan authorities of Tsing Taud?e been sending non-combatantsm that place according to advices- reived here to-day. German womenr i children were the last to depart.""'ey have all gone with the excepi en of a few women who remain toC- as nurses, and some boys over 15-tars of age who have volunteeredj act as dispatch bearers..VASHINGTON, Aug. 22, At theS iss legation here the following- Ltement was made public to-day:The Swiss federal council has"Mrilized, from the beginning, -the.r-ole military force of Switzerland,'e Elite, the Landwehr and part of'e Landsturm, numbering together-Dut 300,000 men.'The mobilization is not a result ofnenace to Switzerland, but merelyprecautionary military measure.COUNTY OFFICIAL ARRESTEDFOR VIOLATION OF GAME LAWSSheriff S. H. Gilbert, Wm. Garner,Jr., Dr. D. H. McKinley and SteveVaught, editor of the WinchesterDemocrat, were arrested Friday onwarrants sworn out by State GameWardens Geo. M. Hill, of Paris, andL. C. Shaw, of Frankfort, representing the Kentucky Game and FishCommission, on a charge of huntingwithout a license. At the trial before Judge Wills, in Winchester, Saturday, Sheriff Gilbert appeared incourt and asked permission to retract his plea of guilty to a charge ofviolating the game laws and enter aplea of not guilty. He had been fined$50, but it is probable that the judgment will be set aside. Fines of $50each were entered against Dr. McKinley, Mr. Garner and Mr. Vaught.Mr. Gilbert, it is said had been informed by his attorneys that he waswithin his legal rights in hunting upon land adjoining property which hehad under lease.FOREIGNERS MAY NOTSEND MONEY TO EUROPE.The United States Postoffice Department has issued an order notifyingpostmasters not to accept money orders for transmission to the war zonein Europe, for more than one hundreddollars, and no money will be sent bythe foreigners in the United States tothose of their kin in the war zone.To aid the return home of Americans now in Europe, postmasters atinternational offices, until otherwiseinstructed may issue money orders intheir favor, upon due application, limiting the amount to one hundred dollars for each person.These instructions apply to European countries only .The Department has just receiveda cablegram from Postal Administration of Egypt, announcing cessation of issues by that country and theSudan, of money orders on the United States. Postmasters at international offices 'are to make note tothat effect, and, until otherwise instructed, will decline to issue orderson offices in Egypt or Sudan.PARISIANS HEARD FROM.The first direct news from the Parisparty, which is touring Europe camein the shape of a post card Sundayfrom Mr. James H. Thompson toMrs. Swift Champ. The card waswritten in Rome, Italy, and mailed onJuly 30. Mr. Thompson says:"We are in the city of Rome, andhave seen many of the wonderfulruins. The city is becoming modernized in recent years. We will leaveto-morrow for Florence. We will notbe able to see Vienna and Berlin forTaclCof 'time. We will go to Hiedelberg and Cologne. Haven't heard aword from home yet."From this it may be seen that theparty has not been in the wrar zoneor at any time in the immediate vicinity.MOTORCYCLE TOURISTS.Dr. B. P. Phillips and Messrs. A.C Carr, Wm. Davis, Albert Burke andF. R. Haucke, of Maysville, passedthrough Paris, Friday night en routefrom Maysville to Denver, Col., ontheir motorcycles.With reasonable weather and goodluck the party expect to make thetrip to Denver in about one week.They caried with them a completeset of maps, showing all the roadsthey expect to traverse, with stopping places, notations and other useful information.Messrs. J. G. Gilbert, Fred Franceand George Andrews, of Columbus,Ohio, were in Paris yesterday, enroute to Indianapolis, Ind., on a motorcycling tour. They came by wayof Maysville, and left after dinner forLexington and Louisville.tie is now in progress near Charleroi,Belgium. The Germans are rushingtroops in that direction. Only 3,000troops are left in Brussels which ismore isolated than Liege. The Germans have occupied all the villagesbetween Louvain and Alost in orderthat the passage of their main armyacross Belgium may not be interrupted. There are no Germans exceptscouting patrols around Ghent."BODY OF RAILROAD VICTIMBURIED IN LOCAL CEMETERY.The body of John Clark, the unfortunate victim, whos badly mutulatedremains were found on the Louisxille& Nashville Railroad tracks, near theTenth street passenger station, lastWednesday morning, was buried inthe Paris Cemetery Saturday morning. The members of the RogersGreater Shows Carnival Co., whichhas been exhibiting here, and withwhich the unfortunate man had beenconnected, took charge of the arrangements, and contributed the burial fund. Headed by the band connected with the carnival they attended the services at the grave, conducted by Rev. J. S. Sims, of theMethodist Church. At the grave theband played appropriate selections.The police are more strongly thanever incline'd to the murder theory,and are working on some promisingclews. Coroner Rudolph Davis exhausted every effort to locate theman's relatives, but without avail.Coroner Davis telegraphed Chief ofPoliee Woodruff at Atlantic City giving a minute description of the murdered man, and in reply received aletter stating that up to the presenttime the officials had been unable tolearn anything about Clark. Later aclipping from an Atlantic City paperwas inclosed in another letter inwhich it was stated that from the effects found in Clark's pockets it waslearned that he had been away fromAtlantic City about two years. Hekept a sort of a diary since leavingAtlantic City. A memorandum boocfound gave the name of Mrs. BelleGallagher, of North Missouri Avenue,Atlantic City, with whom Clark saidhe had boarded two years ago. Clarkat some time worked at Barney'sGrille, in Atlantic City. It was learned that his parents lived about a mileoutside of Atlantic City, but theycould not be located. He had "beenwith the Smith Greater Shows untilJune 8, when he left and came hrewith the Rogers shows. vCoroner Davis has been in communication with the management of theSmith Greater Shows, which is playing Adrain, Mich., this week, in aneffort to find out something regarding Clark, and, if possible, locate hispeople.3""WE KNOW HOW"A CORDIAL INVITATION.A practical demonstrator om the H.J. Heintz Co. and the National BiscuitCo. will be at our store on Thursday.The public is cordially invited to attend. The hours will be from 10 a.m. to 5 p. m.BALDWIN BROS.NEW TEXT BOOKS.The new text books adopted foruse in the rural schools are as fol-lows :Potter's Common School SpellingBook.Primer Easy Road to Reading.Rearders First, Second, Third,Baldwin & Bender.Fourth and Fifth, Haliburton &Norvell. sWriting Books Nos. 1 to 8.Arithmetic Elementary Modern,Lyons & Carnahan; also advanced.Grammar The Mother Tongue,books Nos. 1 and 2.Geography Natural Primary andComplete.Physiology Gulick's Good Health,also Body and its Defenses.Civics Foreman's EssentialsCivil Government.History Evans' First LessonsAmerican History.Dickson's American History.Kincaid's History of Kentucky.Drawing Ausburg's Shorter CourseNos. 1 to 8. jjjsjiiMusic School Song Book.Agriculture Noland's One HundredLessons in Agriculture.Domestic Science Lincolns' TheBoston School Kitchen Text Book.These books can be purchasedfrom the Paris Book & StationeryCompany, in Paris.Books in good condition can begiven in part exchange for new books,provided they are of the same gradeas the one purchased. An arithmetic,Part 1, can be exchanged for a newarithmetic Part 1, etc.ofin:tfA Blue SergeSuitIs one of the most practical colors that a man canbuy in a suit. He can wear a Blue. Serge Suit inthe summer or winter, either night or day. Ourstock of Blue Serges cannot be equaled anywherefor style, quality and price. Blue Serges that willstand the wear snd hold their color.Prices Range From$10 to $35Come in and inspect our line before you buy.Mitchell & Blakemore,)x Paris, KentuckyThe Store for Men's Stylesm-ONDON, Aug. 23. A dispatch toe Reuter Telegram Company from-.ent says the Germans are march-WS toward France, by the way ofidenarde,. a town fourteen milesOdthwest of Ghent.DD WARPARIS FRANCE, Aug. 23. The folving official announcement wascued to-night:A great battle is now in progressong a va3t line extending fromons to the frontier line of Luxem.rg. Our troops, in -conjunction withe British, have assumed everywheree offensive. We are faced almostwhole German army, both actived resrve.'The" ground is thickly wooded andiicult to move over. The battle is" iely.to last several days."LONDOX England, Aug. 24.- Tel' sraphin from Roxenda&l, Holland,: e correspondent of the Central"There irixo doubt that a big bt-WASHINGTON, Aug. 23. ViscountChinda, Japanese Ambassador to the junited States, to-aay iormany notified the United States that Japan haddeclared war on Germany. TheUnited States wTas .immediately askedto care for Japan's interests in Germany. Assurances recently given by theBritish Government to the UnitedStates that Japan's activity wouldbe confined to the China seas andEastern Asia were reported by Viscount Chinda. "''The declaration of war W Japanwas not unexpected. Germany's laiiure to make any replies to the Japanese ultimatum was also not surprising, intimations that such a coursewould be pursued having been givenby the German charge, Haniel vonHaimhausen.VALTON IN RACE.ROME, Aug. 23. The Avanti saysto-day that there has been anothernaval engagement in the-Adriatic, inwhich some Austrian ships weresunk.The saw paper says Greece hasdispatched troops to aid Servia in herfight against Austria.LONDON, Aug.23. A dispatch tothe Havas Agency from Paris saysFrance and Great Britain have agreed"tcr advance Belgium 500,000,000 francs($100,000,000) to, enable her to facethe necessities arising from .the war.France and Great Britain will eachI provide' half of thia sum. ,Col. W. P. Walton, of Lexington,the veteral newspaper man, i in therace for Prison Commissioner. Thismakes three entries Col. Walton,Hon. Henry Lawrence and Hon. Francis Douglas. All of these entries forthe juicy plum are newspaper men,having spent the best years of theirlife on the tripod. Either wouldgladly consider an application for pardon from anyone except the applicantbe a delinquent subscriber to a newspaper, then it is safe to say he wouldstay in the pen.A CORDIAL INVITATIONFRANK & CO.A practical demonstrator of the H.J. Heintz Co. and the National BiscuitCo. will be at our store on Thursday.The public is cordially invited. Thehours will be from 10 a. m. to 5 p. m.BALDWIN BROS.PARIS DEFEATS MT. STERLING.NOTICE! ,NO WAR PRICES!The European war will have a tremendous effect upon the retail pricesof many articles, and It is expected to practically stop, lor a time at least,importations from Europe. This means that laces, gloves, linens,' toys, -trimmmings,many notions, as well as many articles made in this country of raw materials or accessories that are imported, such as yarns, dyes,etc., will hi aloiDst Immssible to secure.Prices are sure to advance on all such articles. In fact, many ol theretail stores of the larger cities have already advanced the price on somearticles that w car ry in stock, some as much as a hundred per cent. Weare of the opinion that a retail store, an institution like ours, is dutybound to work in behalf of its customers. This has always been our aim,and in a critical time like this, when much of the merchandise that we areoffering to you could not be replaced at the prices we ask, we are, nevertheless, maintaining our old prices. It will be time enough when we haveto purchase new goods at higher prices for us to advance prices to you.Our object in this store editorial is to advise you of our determinedpolicy of protecting our customers to the extent of our ability and also toadvise you beforehand that much merchandise will advance in prices,heavily, as well as being hard to obtain, a little later on, so that if possibleyou may provide now for some of your future wants.Paris defeated Mt. Sterling in thegame of base ball at White Park, Sunday afternoon, by a score of 19 to 15.The batteries were Curtis and Carterfor Paris and Schwab and Redmon jfor Mt. Sterling. -The game was devoid of interest. 1Paris made seven runs, in the first jinning. In the game ajMt. Sterlinglast Sunday the Paris team was shutout by a score o 6 to 0. ,FRANK Sc C0.The Store Where Reliability Reigns.s-sMMMMMMIMWsL . i.--V ' -.- -x'V t,vSfcTHE ' BOURBON NEWS, PARIS, KENTUCKY.- AU6UST"25 1 914. V. - k .. ' ' ' V - - .. ' 'I" ' ' 5I!Afl!AAi a matter of fact it isher Tight and her duty toenjoy perfect health andstrength to be just a3strong and healthy as manperhaps more so in view oxINature Never IntendedWoman to be SicklyyHMHBaBHBHjBaaBBaMBBBBBBBl awauaa ithe fact that it is she who brines into the world the offspring.Every woman can be strong and healthy. Don't resignyourself to a delicate life.If you suffer from headaches, backaches, nervousness,low spirits, lack of ambition, or have lost all hope of beingwell again it's more than an even chance that you willspeedily regain your health if you will tryDr. Pierce's Favorite Prescription(In Tablet or Liquid Form)This famous remedy is the result of years of patientresearch by a physician who has made women's peculiarailments a life study.Smce its introduction more than forty years ago thousands of women in every part of the globe have testifiedto its wonderful merits. You, too, will find it beneficial.Try it now. Your dealer in medicines will supply you oryou can send 50 one-cent stamps for a trial box. AddressV.M. Pierce, M. D., Buffalo, N. Y.Dr. Tierce's Pleasant Pellets regulate stomach, llver.fcowelsv.-.IF YOU HAVE AHOME TELEPHONEUse It For YourLonsr Distanceis consistently as you do for your local business. Youcan reach the party you want quickly andget efficientservice at reasonablerates over theHome Long Distance Lines,If u do not have a Home Telephone j now, call theManager's office, 427, for rates and have itjinstalled.Cbe Paris Rome Cekpftone and Cekgrapb Co.(Incorporated)'J. J. VEATCH, District Manager. CHAS. B. HARRIS, Cashier.TairLENIHAN'S-CASH SPECIALS!I25 pounds Purity Flour 7550 pounds Purity Flour 1.5025 poundslRed Cross Flour 7550 poundslRed Gross Flour 1.5025 'pounds Lancaster Flour 6550 pounds 'Lancaster Flour 1.3017 pounds Magnolia Flour 3525 pounds Magnolia Flour 65Mason Fruat Jars, Rubber, SealingWax, Paraff ine.Stone's Silver Slice Cakes Receivedfresh Every pay.IT. C. LENIHAIN.Cash Grocery.Both Phones 234N.'sFJSPECIAL TRAIN EXCURSIONCINCINNATI AND RETURNSunday, aug, 309 1914$.25RoundTripSPECIAL TRAIN1.25RoundTripLeave GEORGETOWN 7:45 a.mASK TICKET AGENT FOR PARTICULARS.,Words."' A-"word, uttered in anger, can wreck,a home or a nation; a word spoken5n love can bring peace where before"was war; still it is true, as said by.Burke, that "a very great part of themischiefs that vex the world arisefrom, words."Maybe a man would quarrel oftener'wjik k is wif if it dida't cost sojnuchto make up. " -Expert CarriagePainter.Mr. Percy Hahn, the expert Carriage Painter, who has been employed by Holiday & Sttle, and also theirsuccessor, Mr. C. M. Heck, for thepast 8 yers, has opened a shop at thecorner of Fouth and High Streets, andsolicits the patronage of those vnee,ding anything in his line. t 'Both Phones 583.iThe Bourbon NewsEstablished 188132 Years of Continouous Publication.SWIFT CHAMP, Editor and Owner.(Entered at 'the Pans, Kentucky,Postoffice as Mail Matter of theSecond Class.)One Year $2.00 Six Months. $1.00Payable in Advance.Published Every Tuesday and FridayADVERTISING RATESDisplay Advertisements, $1.00 perinch for first time; 50 pents per incheach subsequent instertion.Reading Notices, 10 cents per lineeach issue; reading notices in blacktype, 20 cents per line, each issue.Cards of thanks, calls on candidates, obituaries and resolutions, andsimilar matter, 10 cents per line.Special rates for large advertisemnts and yearly contracts.The right of publisher is reservedto decline any advertisement or othermatter offered for publication.Space is a newspaper's stock intrade and source of revenue.WAR NEWSHARD TQGET NOW.Germany" Scouts Japan's Ultimatum and Envoy"Leaves Berlin.BIG BATTLEBEING FOUGHT.Brief War Bulletins Fromthe Seat of Trouble inEurope.OVER TWO MILLION MEN TOFIGHT.LONDON, Aug. 21. The most formidable shock in war history will occur on Belgian soil according toFrench military experts, when thegreat armies of Germans and - Austrians on the one side and the alliedtroops of Belgium, France and GreatBritain on the other, come to closecontact.About 2,500,000 men will be involved. No definite information as to theplace where the decisive encounter isto occur is permitted to pass the censor, but the general staff of theFrench army declares itself confidentof fighting under the best auspices forits own forces.Not a shot was fired by the Belgians when entry into Brussels wasmade yesterday by an advance guardof German cavalry. This advanceguard, it was reported, were to be followed to-day by a strong column ofGerman troops encamped in the vicinity.LONDON, (1:20 a. m.) Aug. 21.The Germans have at last occupiedBrussels, but in Alsace they seem tobe making no advance. This officialannouncement was made to-night.Strong columns of German c avalryare following up this movement onBrussels. The Belgian army is retiring on Antwerp, without having beenengaged by the Germans.The latest report is that the Frenchhave recaptured Muelhausen, and itstill seems true that, after eighteendays of fighting, there are no Germantroops on French soil.On Germany's eastern frontier therehas been considerable outpost fighting, which would indicate that theRussians are completing their workof concentration. There has been noserious collision in this region as yet,however. Austria is too much engaged with Russia and with the need ofhelping Germany to make much progress in her campaign against Servia.No news whatever has been received of any naval movements, either inthe North Sea or the Mediterranean.ABSENCE OF NEWS.LONDON Aug. 21. The almostcomplete absence of news from thetheater of war is the best evidencethat big events are in progress,which will test the real caliber of thebattalions to-day engaged in the"new Waterloo" or the "new Sedan."That the great German advance isbeing pushed with vigor and determination can be safely asserted, judging from the intelligence permitted tothe outside wjorld.FIVE MILLIONS WAR INSURANCE.WASHINGTON, Aug. 21. The Senate passed to-day after two hours' debate the emergency war risk insur-ano.fi hill narrvinsr an nnnrnnrinHnn nf$5,000,000 for the purpose of insuring BAmerican vessels ana cargoes againstthe hazards of war.There was not the slightest disorderas Gen. Carranza and his staff passedthrough the cheering 'crowds, whichshowered them with flowers and confetti, and from which cries of "Longlive Carranza; long live' the Constitutional Government."A few moments" after he entered,President Carranza appeared on thebalcony under the Liberty bell andaddressed the crowd, promising anew era of real constitutional government. The troops then passed in review before the newExecutive, anda band of 200 Dieces massed in thesquare meanwhile playing martialairs.The day was a holiday and allplaces of business were closed.CARRANZA IN CAPITAL.MEXICO CITY, Aug. 21. GeneralVenustiano Carranza, the supremechief of the Mexican revolution, andprovisional president of the republic,entered tlie capital at noon Thursday.He was given an enthusiastic reception by the crowds on the streets.It is estimated that more than 150,000 persons crowded the- line ofmarch of the new President and hisfollowers, which extended fmm HirJ village of Atzcapotzalco to the national Ttalnno a rUefanro rvP d)v mjla'o 1"3' vww v vj. ,- UUiV9VILLA HAS 40,000 MEN.WASHINGTON, Aug. 21 Officialreports to the Washington Government, Thursday, estimated the number of 'troops in command of Gen.Villa in North Mexico at no less than40,000 men. This is a much largernumber than had been supposed andis the result of several weeks of recruiting during the lull which followed Huerta's abdication.Administration officials are uncertain about Villa's intentions. Theyhave various assurances that he doesnot intend to begin a counter revolution, but his .preparations, it is admitted, have a sinister aspect.Paul Fuller, who as a personal representative of President Wilson, wentto Chihuahua and interviewed Gen.Villa, has made no telegraphic reportof his conference, but is expectedback in Washington in a few days.There are intimations, however, thatexcept for a statement from. Villa asto the reasons for his dissatisfactionwith what he terms Carranza's ingratitude toward him, Fuller has nomore definite assurances, it is said,than previously had been given byVilla.The Washington Government, it isunderstood, will not relax its effortsto preventt counter revolution inNorthern Mexico.SUMMER COUGHS ARE DANGEROUS.Summer coughs are dangerous.They indicate low vitality and oftenlead to serious Throat and LungTroubles, including Consumption. Dr.King's New Discovery will relieve thecougr or cold promptly and preventcomplications. It is soothing and antiseptic and makes you feel better atonce. To delay is dangerous get abottle of Dr. King's New Discovery atonce. Your money back if not satisfied. 50c and $1.00 bottles at yourDruggist.(adv aug.)Youth's Hardest Task."The training of children is a confessedly difficult task," says an editorial writer. No more difficult thanthe training of parents. Many children find the task of conquering theprejudices and old-fashioned ideas offather and mother almost hopeless.Toledo Blade.THE TWENTY YEAR TEST."Some twenty years ago I usedGhambelain's Colic, Cholera andDiarrhoea Remedy," writes Geo. W.Brock, pubilsher of the Enterprise,Aberdeen, Md. "I discovered that itwas a quick and safe cure for diarrhoea. Since then no one can sell meanything said to be 'just as good.'During all these years I have used itand recommendqd it many times, andit hat never disappointed anyone."For sale by all dealers.(adv aug.)rcrr-" ii m ti mil nn ! ii i in uw in mum i nmm iihjWHY WEAK LUNGS?The toll of tuberculosis is claimingmore than 350 victims every day in theUnited States, yet few realize their gravecondition until the critical period arrives.Overwork, worry, weakness after sickness, catarrh, bronchitis, tender throatsall exert the weakening influence thatinvites consumption.To guard against consumption, thousands of people take Scott' sEmulsion aftermeals because its rich medicinal nourishment strengthens the lungs, puts vigor iuthe blood, and upbuilds strength to resisttuberculosis. Scott's' Emulsion is nature'sstrength-builder. Refuse substitutes.w Nervmis? Am . - - - a.mMrs. Walter Vincentof Pleasant Hill, N. C,writes: "For three summers, I suffered fromnervousness, dreadfulpains in my back andsides, and weak sinkingspells. Three bottles ofCardui, the woman'stonic, relieved me entirely. I feel like anotherperson, now."TAKECarduiThe Woman's TonicFor over 50 years,Cardui has been helpingto relieve women's unnecessary pains andbuilding weak women upto health and strength.It will do the same foryou, if given a fair trial.So, don't wait, but begintaking Cardui today, forits use cannot harm you,and should surely do yougood. . E-72J$fi4WEsmmisswvvylE3 TP?ft?Any roof that will last 27 years and is still in good conditionis well worth looking into.That's the record behindWMMHrtftKIHThere are thousands of houses all over the country, many ofthem in this state, from the owners of which this statementcan be verified.For Sale byBEST & HAWKINS, MUIersbprg,Kentucky.- m . . . WDouroon LaunaryfDWIS & FUNK, Props.Telephone No. 4.West 5 StreetWe Take Pleasure.in "oinjrup the hnest shirtwaists or anything in thelaundry line. That is whaymade ihe Bourbon Lanndrtfamous foi fine work and itdever goes buck on its reputation. If you are particularabout how your linen islaundered, your custom is thekind we want as we like toappreciatee.Bourbon Laundry,wParis Kentucky,WrrWeight? Yes. Wait? No."Now is the time to place your order for your Winter Coalat Summer prices.A FEW REASONS:We buy direct from the mines."We deliver direct from cars to your residence.We own our teams and can control deliveries.Our offiice is at the 2Jard and we see tnafc yu set the coalyou order.We have no solicitors; you get his commission in the better quality of coal.Every customer is satisfied with our coal delivery and become a booster.We never substitute.Many of our customers were burning the vrong kind ofcoal until advised by us.One a customer, always a customer.FOX RIDGE' COAL is the coal that does the work.Dodson DentonParis,Yaris, Soaih Miin St.i.2.3.4.5.6.7.8.9.10.y-Both Phones 1 40QfcxgS&SX3g2C&xgSZrafeBVfilGEO. W. DAVISFUNERAL DIRECTOR AND LICENSED EMBAIME8.BOTH'PHOKES DATlSTjIflGHT 299.ftaOBHiiNflHHBMaaHitiPans Odorless Chatting Co. iLet us Make that Last Winter's Suit or OvercoatLook Like New.You will be surprised when we send your clothes home,-and will wonder why you have not tried us before.All Work Guaranteed SatisfactoryMen's and Ladies' Panama and Straw Hats Cleaned andReblocked;to your satisfaction.We Call Por and Deliver Work.Call up E. T. Phone 40.Paris Odorless Cleaning Co., Sam Levy, Proprietor.White Kid Gloves Cleaned, short, 10c; long 25cmH M Mr'OnlfiVlv TpIiava. "PhnriTWftMom flnrA TlTno-' ii l5 i n . V.' -w.--o- ,f V.1CB, iiouraigia, juackacno, ueauacuu anaAll TtAln a "Willi- rrtrmavr h.1i- it if foiTa r 1 ..JieTB anv nnhn in a-nrr nar tf thn rmrfi i .1lutucu wiuuies luoe.JTT-tee sue, A.t A.U Druggists.live nmpM ana cuouar mm mi reqMK.BUUKHON REMEDY COMPANY,,342 East Main St.Lwfaifto. Ky. ,FOR SALE.One 3-horse-power gas or gasoxtengine. Will sell cheap. Apply toHENRY GROSCHE.FOR RENT.Cottage of three ram ad.bath, oaSeventh Street. CalV Hnm Phono363 or E. T. PkoM JTt.;; '4,v .--'-1 Jfvw.rSVA'v.- ' Vi -,- ; '' " THE. BOURBON f NEWS PARIS, I KEMCRY, AU.GUST25ct914J-i-.WHEELER FURNITURE COuEighth and! Main Streets, Will Have A-insrims: inCASHBeginning Saturday, Aug. 1 5. Ending Sept. 1 .e&gggg 4&r. xa&sAi&Mi&LdijmiL yxcsJ WAjz&wmmmwMwrsvf? riw'2. vrs&&im&y&ajvz&$2WE CAN CROWabout the quality of our furniture forthe reason that it is the very highestas regards material, design- and workmanship. We furnish every room inthe house neatly, thoroughly andhandsomely, and guarantee every article. We have a choice selection ofCarpets, Rugs and Mattings, and youwill find our prices acceptable to yourideas of economy.Matting per yard, 20c.27x72 inch Rugs, 90c.36x72 inch Rugs, $2.75.8x10 Crex Rugs, 6.00.6x9 Crex Rugs, $5.00.9x12 Wool Rugs, $9.90.9x12 Matting Rugs, $2.50.ipApPETA CARPET CONVERSATIONWe invite you to call and inspectour new consignment of new patternsin high-grade Carpets and Rugs.There are some strikingly original designs and most beautiful colorings,and they are 311st the grade of Carpet that wears longest and pieservcsits pattern and shade for earWhen you have satisfied yourself ofthe qualities the low prices will surprise you.Brussels 45c yard.All-wool Ingrains, 60c yard.Wool Ingrains, 45c yard.Sultana Ingrains, 28c yard.Rugs, 9x12 Axmnster, $19.00.Rugs, 9x12 Brussels, $8.50.The Comfort of A Morris Chairlias to be experienced to be appreciated. Come and try those in thisfurniture store. See how many positions they can, assume to suit yourmood and comfort. Buy one and itwill become tho most popular chairin the house. ou'll be gladder youbought it every time you rest in it.Genuine Leather Morrs Chair, $15.Goss Lamp, $4.00.Center Tables, 75c.Center Tables, $1.00.Center Tables, $2.00.Center Tables, $4.00.Pedistals Center Table, $5.00.A SURPRISEin handsome furniture is one of themost agreeable surprises that delightsthe mistress of a home, especially insuch new, beautiful designs m mahogany, marquetry carved oak and giltfunnture, rockers, chiffoniers, ejtc,which are displayed in such elegantprofusion and sold at prices that defycompettion at E. M. Wheeler Furniture Cor's, Robneel building. We deliver the goods anywhere.WE ARE ROLLING ALONGin great style with our Carpet tradeand every sale makes us new friends.We are now showing a splendid variety of exquisite designs in ParlorCarpets, Stair Carpetings, Rugs, Mattings and Linoleums. We have, infact, every thing in the way of floorcovering from the attic down to thebasement, and our prices are as lowas the qualities are high.Printed Linoleum, 50c.yard.Inlaid Linoleum, 95c yard.Lace Curtains, 75c pair, on up to15c yard.Muslin and Georgia Cloth, 15c yard.cylll Goods willlBe Marked to the PublicAt 25 Cents OffOn Every" Dollar. Nothing Charged.E. M. WheelerfKuGot Missing FiguresTHE General Manager was presentingplans for an extension of the factoryto the company's directors at Detroit,lie found that he had left an estimate sheetin his desk at the factory. He called upthe factory on the Bell Long Distance Telephone. His assistant read the figures tohim and the directors were, able to actwithout delay.Annoying delays are avoided by the useof the Bell Telephone.IVhen you telephone smileCumberland Telephoneand Telegraph CompanySUMMER CONSTIPATIONDANGEROUS.Constipation in Summer-time ismore dangerous than in the fall, winter or spring. The food you eat is often contaminated and is more likelyto ferment in your stomach. Thenyou are apt to drink much cold water, thus injuring your stomach.Colie, Fever, Ptomaine Poisoning andother ills are natural results. Po-Do-Laxwill keep you well, as it increasesthe Bile, the natural laxative, whichrids the bowels of the congested poisonous waste. Po-Do-Lax will makeyoTX feel better. Pleasant and effective. Take a dose to-night. 50c, atyosr Druggist.(adv aug.)Perfectly Safe to Order.Crawford (in fashionable restaurant)"Don't order anything for me. I'mRot hungry." Crabshaw "But you willbe by the time the waiter brings itl-l BflL torINCORPORATED.fetiwTHE CASE OE L. L. CANTELOU.HOW'S THIS.We ocer One Hundred Dollars Reward for any case of Catarrh that cannot be cured by Hall's Catarrh -Cure.P. J. CHENEY & CO., Toledo, O.We, the undersigned, have knownF. J. Cheney for the past 15 years,and believe him perfectly honorablein all business transactions and financially able to carry out any obligations made by his firm.NATIONAL BANK OF COMMERCE,Toledo, OhioHall's Catarrah Cure is taken internally, aeting directly upon the bloodand mucus surfaces of the system.Testimonials sent free. Price 75 cts.per bottle. Sold by all druggists.Take Hall's Family Pills for constipation. (adv aug.)Thine Own Battle.In the battle of life we cannot hire& subsitute. Harold Bell Wright.DOES BACKACHE WORRY YOU.SomeParis PeopleHow To GetHave LearnedRelief.How many people suffer from anaching back.How few know the cause?If it hurts to stoop or liftIf you suffer sudden, darting pains.If you are weak, lame and tried.Suspect your kidneys.Watch for nature's signal.The Irst signs may be headache ordizziness,Scanty, painful, or too frequenturination,Nervousness or a constant, deadtired feeling.Avert the serious kidney disease.Treat the weakened kidneys withDoan's Kidney Pills.A remedy especially for sick kidneys. Gratefully endorsed by residents oftins locality.Gratefully endorsed by residents ofthis locality.Edward Lawrence, 413 E Fifth St,Lexington, Ky., says: "I suffered frona dull pain in the small of my back.I didn't rest well as my back was sosore and lame. When I got up in themorning, I was tired and irritable.Sometimes the kidney secretionswere too frequent in passage, tnenagain they did not pass often enough.When somebody advised me to useDoan's Kidney Pills, I did and wasrelieved."Price 50, at all dealers. Don't simply ask for a. kidney remedy getDoan's Kidney Pills the same thatMr. Lawrence had. Foster-MilburnCo, Props., Buffalo, N. Y.THE NEW FIRMW. 0. HINTON 8ALL KINDS 0INSURANCESON!iThe case of L. L. Cantelou, Clamdon, Texas, is similar to tha of manyothers who have used Chamberlain'sColic, Cholera and Diarrhoea Remedy.He says, "After trying- a doctor forseveral months, and using differentkinds of medicine for my wife whohad been troubled with severe bowelcomplaint for several months, Ibought a 25c bottle of Chamberlain'sColic, Cholera and Diarrhoea Remedy.After using the second bottle she wasentirely cured." For sale by all dealers. (adv aug.)TO MAMMOTH CAVEAUGUST 25, 1914.LAST GREAT REDUCTIONI Round trip railroad fare ?5.55.t Board at Cave Hotel including theseveral routes in the Cave for $6.50.Making the total cost for three daystrip $12.15; going on regular morning trains. Limit on tickets 10 days.Write or phone L. & N. Agent.(jly 31-aug 7-14-21).The old-fashioned woman who usedto put everything she had in herstocking now has a daughter whoputs everything on her back.What has become of the old-fashionedderby hat that was lined likea coffin?Not the Worst Investment.Xet the woman who invested $25,000in a cattery is making a better investment than the gentlemen .who sinkhuge sums In an occasional kitty.! Chicago News.HOW TO CURE A SPRAIN.Oid.lReliable, Prompt Paying Companies.!i A sprain may be cured in abouti j one-third the time required by the'usual treatment by applying ChamI'berlain's Liniment and observing thei, directions with each bottle. For sale''by all dealers... -' r C "W (adv-aug) "SEVERE ATTACK OFCOLIC CURED.B. E. Cross, who travels in Virginiaand other Southern States, was takensuddenly and severely ill with colic.At the first store he came to the merchant recommended Chamberlain's. Colic, Cholera and Diarrhoea Remedy.Two doses of it cured him. No oue, should leave home on a journey without a bottle of this preparation. Forj sale by all druggists.Dainty Pest of the Wild.No animal is more dainty or moreluxurious in its habits than the weasel. It steals the freshest eggs, selectsthe tenderest chickens of the broodand will sometimes kill several for asingle meal, sucking the warm bloodand eating only a small bit of theflesh.PARIS INTERURBAN SCHEDULECITY CAR ONLY.Lve. Court House.7:10 a m7.45 a m8.15 a m8.45 am9.15 am J9.45 am ,10.15 am10.45 a m ' ,f11.15 am . .11.45 a m12:05 p m12.45 p m1.15 p m1.45 p m2.15 p m2.45 p m3.15 p m3.45 p m4.15 p m i5.15 p m Vv5.40 p m t6.05 p m6.30 p mCity Limits Only.Lve. Station 547.15 a m8.00 a m8.30 a m9.00 a m9.30 a m10.00 a m10.30 a mw 11.00 a m11.30 a m11.50 a m12.15 p m1.00 p m1.30 p m2.00 p m2.30 p m3.00 p m3.30 p m4.00 p m5.00 p m5.30 p mA5.50 p m6.15 p m"6.40 p mPopular Price ExcursionTo Cincinnati and ReturnSunday, Aug. 30, 1914,$1 .50for the Round Trr ,VSpecial train leaves Paris, Ky., 8:20a. m., returning leoves CincinnatiFourth Street Station 7:00 p. rruKENTUCKY TRACTION & TERMINAL COMPANY.Interurban Schedule.Leave Lexington Leave Parisfor Lexington0:45 a mFor Parisu.uo a m7:20 a m-"8:00 am t8:50 am10:20 am11:50 a m1:20 p m J2:50 q. m3:30 p m t4:20 p m5:00 p mC:00 p m7:20 p m9:10 p m '11:00 p mDaily except Sunday7:30 a m8:15 a m9:00 am9:45 a m11:15 a m12:45 p m2:15 p. m3:45 p m4:30 p m5:15 p m6:05 p m6:50 p m8:15 p m10:05 p mNatural Bridge,i.5o '::Sunday, Aug. 3f)iTRAIN LEAVES 10 A. M.Low round trip Summer Touristtickets to all principal tourist points,in Georgia, Kentucky, North Carolina,South Carolina, Tennessee, Virginia,West Virginia, Canada, Michigan,New York, Vermont, California, Colorado, Montana, Minnesota, Wisconsin, -Washingtonand Oregon, on sale daily"May 15, until Sept. 30, with final return limit Oct. 31, with very liberalstop-over privileges. For further information call on or addressJ. K. SMITH, T. A.,orW. H. HARRIS, Agt.ffNOT SO STRANGE AFTER ALL.You may think it strange that somany people are cured of stomachtrouble by Chamberlain's Tablets.You would not, however, if you shouldgive them a trial. They strengthenand invigorate the stomach and enable it to perform its functions naturally. Mrs. Rosie Rish, Wabash, Ind.,writes, "Nothing did me the leastgood until I began using Chamber-Iain's Tablets. It is decidedly thejbest medicine for stomach trouble I !have ever used." For sale by all)dealers.(adv-augJoys of Companionship.Half the difficulty of fighting anysevere battle or accomplishing anyhard task vanishes when a man feelsthat he has comrades at his side fighting in the same cause, or that theeyes of those he loves are upon him,and their hearts praying for his victory. C. J. Perry.After a man has been married longenough he learns that the only wayto argue with a woman is to slamKENTUCKY STATE FAIRSEPT. 14th to 19th, 1914$3,000 SADDLE HORSE STAKE$1,000 Lif ht Harnsss Stale $1,000 Rulstr StaUStudent's Judging Contest Farmer Boys' EacfHMTROTTING AND PACING RACES EACH DAYFin Exhibits of Horses, Cattle, Swine, Sheep, Poultry, FieldSeed and Grain, Horticulture and Woman's HandiworkCLEAN MIDWAY AND FREE ATTRACTIONSidGRANDFIREWORKSDISPLAYBATTLE OF MEXICOIJReduced Railroad Rates For Catalogue aad try BUak AAktMJ. L. DENT, Secretary, V705 Paul Jonea Bulldine;, LOUISVILLE, fefeS ', f3jr-the door and keep on going.Vtww4 :.tVs'si,srx -rriAJ(adv aug)-rJHE i BOlBtBdN NEWS,: RAIS KEiyrUCKY; AUGUST 2S, W43S!5p5"it141.k'!riThe Bourbon NewsCatablihed 188132 Years of Continouous Publication.WIFT CHAMP, Editor and Owner.DEMOCRATIC TICKETFor SenatorJ. C. W. BECKHAM(Long Term)JOHNSON N. CAMDcN(Short Term)For ' CongressJ. CAMPBELL CANTRILL.WHY IS 'A STREE FAIR.As applied to the aggregations thatlare appeared dn Paris lately the line of "street fair" is a glaring misnomer. "Nuisance" would be a farmore fitting term.The first, and by all odds, the best"strfeet fair" ever held in Kentuckyy?SLS held in Paris, and was really a"street fair," staged on the streetsof the city, and the biggest crowdsever seen in Paris came in daily totake part in the festivities, and incidently, to leave a big collection ofUncle Sam's coin in circulationamong the merchants of Paris, where,.it would do the most good to all concerned. How different now!These "carnivals" held in a dustycity quarry do not contribute much tothe business interests of the city ofParis, and take away more, muchmore, than they leave behind.Properly conducted, with a line ofhigh-class attractions, the "streetfair," as its original promotors conceived it, was universally popular,and as a legitimate amusement enterjjirse, afforded a great deal of enjoyment to those of all ages. The mainidea was to make it a business asset,a business hringer, for the local merchants, whose contributions therebymade them contributors to the general welfare of the community. Theselegitimate enterprises are welcomedeverywhere, and they are still sanctioned by the best people of everycommunity.Gradually the fakers crept into thegame, and from the innocent funmaking idea of a carnival, borrowedfrom the old world celebrations ofVenice and Naples and Nice, wherethe whole populace made the occasion one of enjoyment, the "streetfair" and the "carnival" of the present t day is merely a collection ofhuman derelicts looking for easy picking from gullible humanity. Andbelieve us they make goodAn assortment of painted women,a heap of tinsel, a few ready-made-to-6rder"freaks," a bunch of "cappers" and "rough-necks," and a lot ofmoney-grabbing fakers who have shaken hands with more honorablemeans of making a livelihood, withconcessions ranging from the "babyrack" to the merry-go-round, and even,to the "hoochi-koochie," privatelyjmt on for the benefit of a select audience after the close of the "carnival," is the general make-up of themodern day "carnival."Papers throughout Central Kentucky have been bitterly attackingthese tawdry attractions which prevent the engagement of something ofa more elevating class, and their attacks are based upon reasonablegrounds, too.These alleged "street , lairs" and"carnivals" do not benefit the business of any town they visit, nor dothey help the morals of any town.They are surely coming to be lookedupon as an unmitigated nuisance.These are plain words, but theypresent a truthful view of the situation. "Vale, "carnival," May your shadowsgrow clearly smaller and may yourTeturn be indefinitely delayed!The business interests of the cityParis will gladly welcome a genuinely legitimate, clean, "street fair,"wliereby they wiuld come into theirown. But they do not want a "carnival," whereby fakers and "surething", men corrall the coin thatshould come to them rightfully in abusiness way.A HARD JOB.The News has madea determinedand faithful attempt to get some accurate and reliable information as tothe war news from Europe, but onaccount of our private cables havingbeen cut at the same time as thecommercial lines, have experiencedconsiderable difficulty in "gettingTy." Candidly, ve have been so. confused after reading through columnafter column of report, and denial,affirmation and negation, yes and no,that we jcan't tell anything about it.It's a moral cinch that somebody isgetting hurt in the big scrap thePowers have staged in the OldWorld, but all parties to the unpleasantness are trying to keep it a secret.One column of bulletins in a daily paperwill tellf some great battle, withseveral thousand killed and wounded,a&d another paper of the same datewill come out with a denial. ,There is something big on tap inthe war situation, though, and every"hour widows and orphans are beingmade, and for whatSAME IN PARIS.The Lancaster Record says thatcity has had an overproduction ofteat shows and other "attractions"daring the summer which serve onlyte take money out of the town. TheState Journal frequently has called attention to the number of such showstkat infest Kentucky during the summr season. Everybody likes to seea -good show once in a while, butthere are so many carnivals andteated aggregations of one kind andanother that many of the smallerv lawns are swept clean of their sur.-plus change. This does not helpbusiness, for the show is "here to-dayaud gone to-morrow," and most ofthe money that it takes in is carried"away from the State. It may benefitsomebody, but it does not benefit thettizens of these towns when it islrQd out recklessly for tickets toa exceedingly "bum" show. Frank-- Jrt JouraaLHICKS.Anne Eliza Hicks the infantdaughter of Mr. and Mrs. Jesse H.Hicks, died Saturday morning attheir home on the Ferguson place onthe Hume and Bedford pike. Theburial took place Sunday morning at10 o'clock, at Old Union.TUCKER.Frank 1. Tucker, the four-months'-oldson ofc Mr. and Mr3.Frank D. Tucker, of -Ruddles Millsprecinct, died at the home of its parents, of pneumonia, Sunday. Thefuneral will take place in the RuddlesMills cemetery this afternoon at 3o'clock.LAWSON.Mrs. J. M. Lawson died at herhome in Flemingsburg, yesterday, after a long illness. Mrs. Lawson wasthe mother of Mrs. Harry Mathers,of Paris, Mrs. Mathers went to thebedside of her mother last Fridayand remained with her constantly.BENTHALMiss Susie Benthal died at herhome in North Middletown, ofBright's disease, Saturday. Thefuneral was hfeld at the Benthal homein North Middletown yesterday afternoon at 4 o'clock, with services conducted by Revs. L. H. Reynolds andJohn Christopherson. The burialtook place in the North Middletowncemetery. Miss Benthal was a sisterof Miss Lou Benthal, of North Middletown, well-known as county schooleducator.MENNINGER.Mr. Gus. W. Menninger, the wellknown Covington undertaker, died athis home in that city, Tuesday afternoon, of Bright's disease. Mr. Menninger was a brother of Mrs. FrankBury, formerly of Paris, but wh6 forseveral years has been residing inHardin county. During Mrs. Bury'sresidence here Mr. Menninger wasa frequent visitor. He was a prominent business man of Covington, andwas well-liked by all who knew him.Funeral services were held at theresidence in Covington, at 2 p. m.,Friday afternoon, and the burial followed in the Linden Grove Cemeteryat Covington.HERRICK.Mrs. Nanne J. Herrick, aged about70 years, died at an early hour Saturday morning at her home on SeventhStreet, after a long and painful illness. She was a faithful member ofthe Episcopal Church. She is survived by a daughter, Mrs. Nellie'Harvey, of Louisville, Ark., her onlyson, Mr. Julius Herrick, having diedseveral years ago, leaving to hismother's care his son, Julius, and shedevoted her declining days to hiscare. The death of her son wasfsuch a shock that she never recovered from the effects of it. Mrs. Herrick is also survived by two sisters.The funeral took place at her lateresidence, Monday afternoon at 3o'clock. The honorary pall-bearerswill be J. T. Throckmorton, G. S. Varden, H. Clay Howard, James Bradley,W. S. Ray and S. S. Ardery and theactive pall-bearers will be C. K.Thomas, Joseph S. Varden, JamesMoreland, Lewis Ray, Dr. C. G.Daugherty and Claude M. Thomas.RELIGIOUS.Rev. O. R. Mangum will begin afour-nights' meeting at the Deaver'sschool house Saturday night at 7:45;Sunday school at 1:30 Sunday afternoon; preaching at 3 p. m. and at7:45 p. m.A man may have his doubts abouthis wife. But he rill always betthat his watch is right."COPIUS RAIN" AGAIN.Heavy rains tell yesterday afternoon, in this setion, following several days of intense heat, cooling theheated atmosphere and partly relieving a very distressing situation.The water in Stoner Creek, whichfor several weeks has been at a verylow stage, was freshened Friday by atwo-foot rise let down from the bigdam at Spears' Mill. Reports fromthe headwaters of the 'creek in ClarkCounty, tell of heavy rains, which,with the rainfall in and around theSpears' Mill section of the county,will bring the supply up to a goodstage.The rain yesterday will do ,a greatdeal of good and the farmers andgardners are still willing ' to havemore of the same kind.A prominent citizen of Paris, whogoes to his farm in the county everyday telephoned in that, coming. backfrom a trip to a distant part of thefarm, he found his farm hands, bothwhite and colored, male and female,doing a war dance in the rain, bareheaded, so glad were they to welcomethe life-giving fluid.BIG SAVING.Tremendous saving on all 'GasStoves and Ranges during the monthof August. Come early and get thepick.(7-tf) A. F. WHEELER & CO.BIBLE SCHOOL CONVENTIONThe annual convention of the BibleSchools of the Christian Churches ofBourbon County was held at the Mt.Carmel Chuih, F4iday. The) ;exercises began at 9 o'clock, with President Newton Shropshire, of Clintonv'ille, presiding. Excellent addressesalong the lines of Bible School workwere made by a .number of talentedspeakers.The following list of officers wassubmitted and recommended to servethe ensuing year: President C.P. Cook, Paris, Superintendent AdultBible Class Work R. H. Biddle, Mt.Carmel; Secretary Miss FlorenceHopkins, Little Rock.The report of Secretary Jas. B.Cray for the closing year showed altota enrollment of 1,454 in the various schools of the county, with an average attendance of 768.Paris was selected as the place formolding 'the convention in 1915. .DEATHS.ijrANNUAL REPORT OF v MPARIS CITY 'SCHOOLS.The annual report of the Paris CitySchools for 1914 has just been issuedfrom the Bourbon News Job Roomsin book form.The report, which was compiled bySuperintendent T. A. Hendricks, is amost interesting and comprehensivepublication, evidencing great care andaccuracy in compiling of statisticsand detals of school work in all itsbranches.The book contains several halftones tf interior and exterior of thePublic School, and is a neat piece ofwork, typographically and otherwise.As the report shows, Superintendent Hendricks has made no radicalchanges, but only such changes aswere manifestly for the good of theschool and were urgently demandedby present contingencies.A decided change has been madein the method of compiling attendance statistics, while the attendancewas considerably larger than ever before, as evidenced by the fact that itbecame necessary to add to the number of seats in several of the roomsand exclude four rooms from chapelin order that all might be seated.Yet the enrollment is two less thanlast year and the average attendance34 less. Had the incorrect , method ofreporting these statistics not beenchanged, both these items would haveexceeded those of last, year.The report shows some interestingfigures. It gives the total unmber ofwhite pupils enrolled as 807; colored,344; non-residents, white, 114; colored, 24.The average attendance for theschool year was 610 white and 252colored, and the total number of promotions in white school, 430; coloredschool, 210.Among the many interesting paragraphs in Superintendent Hendrick'sreport may be cited these:" " As the unusual numberof retarded pupils shown by the 'AgeGrade' tables indicates there has beensomething radically wrong with thesystem of promotion or with thecurriculum. I"A study of these tables shows thatin many instances more than 50 percent, of the pupils are in grade below those indicated by their ages.Then, since the figures sent back inregard to the standing of our pupilsin the colleges show that this retardation of pupils has not resulted inthoroughness of work, it seems thatsome radical changes are needed atonce. A further proof of this need isseen in the fact that the teachers report 96 pupils in schools who are incapable of doing the work assigned tothem."The causes of the schools' successare easily seen by anyone who willgive a moment's thought. They consist of a larger number of well equipped teachers; of courses of studyadapted to the various needs of thechildren and graded to correspond totheir ages and abilities, and of superior equipment in the way of buildings, laboratories and special teachers of music, drawing and gymnastics. "This being true, our purpose shallcontinue to be to give exhibitions ofwork actually done in the school, andto state in our catalog facts in regardto things actually done. We arewilling to be measured by the standard of actual accomplishment and weinvite investigation by the patrons atall times. The school is open to thepublic for inspection."The schools will open for theschool session of 1914-1915 on Monday, Sept. 7. The first term closeson January 15, when the mid-yearpromotions will be announced. Thesecond term will begin on January18th.A CORDIAL INVITATION.A practical demonstrator of the H.J. Heintz Co. and the National BiscuitCo. will be at our store on Thursday.The public is cordially invited to attend. The hours will be from 10 a.m. to 5 p. m.BALDWIN BROS.PREPARATORY SCHOOL TO OPENMrs. W. A. Harp and Miss S. A.Dunn will open a College PreparatorySchool for girls and boys at 509High Street, Paris, September 7,1914. Miss E. D. Giltner will be director of the music department. Parents desiring to enter their childrenwill please call East Tennesse 799.(18-6t)SAVE MONEY.Look at Winters' prices before buying anything nice in his line 25 percent off $1.00. (tf)CLAIM AGENT TO MOVE.Mr. Chase Landrum, claim agentfor the Louisville & Nashville, withheadquarters in this city, will, withthe opening of the Winchester-Irvinedivision of the road, be transferred toWinchester, where his office will bepermanently located..NOTICE.The women and girls of Hutchisonprecincts Nos. 1 and 2 are asked tomeet at Hutchison Chapel, ''Wednesday, 26th, at 2:30 to organize for theBourbon County Local Option campaign. Let no woman who has ahusband, a son, or a brother, be absent. MRS. J. J. DICKEY,(adv-lt Chairman of Precincts.BUNGALOW BEING BUILT.Dr. Frank Fithian's handsome newbungalow, under construction onFithian Avenue, in White Addition, israpidly approaching completion. Theresidence is modern in every respect,containing all the modern conveniences. OLD MASONIC HALL BURNEDThe old Hopkins Theatre, in Louis-,ville, formerly a Masonic hall and thescene of the famous Music Hall Convention, where William Go'ebel wasnominated for Governor in 1899, wasdestroyed by fire yesterday morningwith a property loss of 75,000.HTHEATRICAL.Columbia Theatre.Wednesday Aug. -26, "The MillionDollar Mystery'Eplsode No. 7 TheDoom of The Auto Bandits The battles wages nore sharply. . Sharper becomes the fight and wits. The "BlackHundred" now resort to the AutoBandits. Having discovered thatFlorence rides horseback every morning, accompanied only by her RidingMaster, they form a new attack.Florence and the Riding Master ridealong the River Road. A fire alarmcauses the Riding Master to flee backto his stables. Florence rides onalone. The trap has worked and after some exciting action, Florence isfound in the toils of the Bandits, aprisoner in a lonely hut Norton appearing on the scene of the fire, seesthe Riding Master return alone, fearstreachery, jumps into an automobileand speeds out over the River Road.He traces the signs of struggling tothe lonely hut smashes in the door,fights a terrific battle with the guard-,ing bandit and wins. Their escapeand the pursuit by the remainingbandits thills with action and endsin the most remarkable auto disasterever filmed.A. 2-reel Domino feature will alsobe shown, entitled "The LatestSpark."Beginning September 1st, the Columbia Theatre, wil show four reelsof pictures each day. These fourpictures will be selected from theUniversal and Mutual branch of theindependent film exchanges. TheUniversal pictures, which will bestrictly new to the moving picturegoers of 'this city hare such famousmoving picture actors as King Bag-gott, J. Warren Kerrigan, FlorenceLawrence, Mary Fuller, KathermeKerrigan, (J. Warren Kerrigan's sister), Rosemary Theaby and a number of other prominent stars. TheImp, Rex, Eclair-Joker-Victor-Sterlingand Cristal will all be shown inthis service. The Mutual program,which corisists of The Thanhauser'sMajestic, American, Keystone, Reliance pictures, with such famous starsas James Cruze,, Charles Chapman,Flo LaBadie, Margaret Snow, IrwingCummings and Mabel Norman. Theseaddiations to our regular programwill make one of the strongest andbest selected runs of pictures thatthe Columbia has ever been able tooffer to its patrons.PICKPOCKET CAUGHT.While a passenger on the Knox-ville train to Paris on the L. & N.,Friday morning, Mr. P. D. Moore, aKnoxville business man, observed aman in the seat in front of him sliphis hand in rear pocket of Mr. J. C.Risk, of Lexington, and extract thelatter's wallet. Mr. Moore approached the pickpocket and demanded thathe return the wallet to its owner, butthe man turned on him and attemptedto knock him down. A rough housefollowed, in which Mr. Moore woundup the victor by tripping up his antagonist and sitting on his manlybosom until he was relieved by someof the trainmen.Upon reaching Paris the man, whoafterward gave the name of J. M.Burton, of Georgia, was turned overto the police. The wallet with itscontents, was recovered and turnedover to Mr. Risk.Burton was taken before Judge McMillan Saturday anti given six monthsin the county jail.Cash Crowe, who gained notorietysome years ago by escaping from thecounty jail where he had been confined, on a charge of stealing ducks,was arrested on Main Street yesterday afternoqn by Jailer Jos. Farris,charged with carrying concealed weapons. He was taken before Judge McMillan and fined $100 and costs. After his escape from jail Crowe madehis way to Kansas, where he was afterward apprehended and returnedhere.SAVE ONE-FOURTHGet fine values at Winters'worth fpr 75c.FORGER HELD OVER.-$1.00tfWill Barlow, a white man, chargedwith forging checks amounting to $30,using the name of Frank Collier, ofnear this city, was held to the grandjury in his trial before County JudgeMcMillian; Thursday. Bering unableto give bond, he was remanded- tojail.REFRIGERATORS REDUCED.Read these prices Refrigerator,$35.00 kind, now $25.00, while theylast. The New Iceberg and theOdorless.(7-tf) A. F. WHEELER & CO.Lost.If the party who took a rain coatby mistake at the dance given byMiss White at Elks' Hall recently,will return same to this office theowner will be grateful and will loanit to him occasionally. (It)Sale of Furniture,Mrs. Camelia Wilson will have asale of her houshold and kitchen furniture, etc., at her residence, cornerof High and Ninth streets, on Fridayafternoon, Aug. 28th, at 2 o'clock.Music Class.Miss Elizabeth Crutcher will beginher class in piano on the 8th of "September. E. T. Phone 276. aug-25-4t-"For Rent7-rooin house on HighStreet, ,ad-joining my residence.(25-2t)J. W: DAVIS.Words tov "With malice toward none ,wfth charity for all," the argumentof those who believe that proper regulation of the liquor business is better for Paris and Bourbon County than its -attemptedprohibition will be presented. aListen to the drys and you would imagine the one supreme evilin this world is drink. Lying, cheating, fraud and other thingsforbidden in the ten commandments are almost entirely overlooked. Triey forget that a man may despise the liquor business and still be guilty of every crime in the catalog. Theyoverlook the fact that that tying is more destructive of realmanhood than drunkenness. They fail to distinguish between theright to drink and the right to get drunk. The distinction between the right to buy a gun and the right to commit murder,could not be more clear. -Every man who thinks heshould oppose prohibition..When a man governs himself, thaterns another man, that is despotism.Four years ago our dry friends constantly referred to "DryLincoln, Nebraska, the home of William Jennings Bryan." Theytold you how prosperous, happy and contented her people wereunder the prohibition regime. Many people, being deceived,believed them. They went so far as to say that practically every business man in that city favored prohibition and wouldfight the return of the regulated saloon. Being DECEIVED,many believed them. A few months later an election was heldand these business msn got a chance to speak for themselves;Lincoln was given the opportunity to su'stain prohibition or repudiate it. Williams Jennings 3ryan leaped into the fray witha!'.' his popularity and wonderful eloquence. ..He "made manyspeeches and said many things, but when the votes werecounted, it was discovered that Mr. Brayan's argumentsbeen rejected by an overwhelming majority. Mr. Bryangreat man, but not great enough to make WRONG right. Heis a wonderful orator, but no man can show where it is Christian to prohibit a thing that Jesus practiced, or that you canmake a man dry voting the man behing the bar out of business.With all his greatness, you cannot set Mr. Bryan up as an authority against the word of GodChrist.Do not fail to read Mr. Winder's speech at the Auditorium,Lexington. Sunday evening. In his speech he raised many questions which the drys are bound to answer if they would placetheir cause successfully before the public.The speech in full will appear in Friday's issue of this paper.(advertisement) TRUE TEMPERANCEtftffttmtftftffttftttMtWILL TRY TO RAISE KENTUCKY BUILDING FUND.The Kentucky Legislature, havingfailed to appropriate any money forithe State s participation in the Panama-PacificExposition, the commission named by the Governor to arrange for a State exhibit has announced that the money will beraised by popular support. The commission will offer for sale pocketpieces and watch fobs at a dollareach, and the young women in eachCongresional district who sells thegreatest number of these will be given a trip to the Fair, and will also beallowed a commission. It is the hopeof the commission to raise $50,000 inthis Avay, wherewith to erect a Statebuilding and install a State exhibit.GO TO WINTERS'.Go to Winters' for good value goods.PUBLIC NOTICE.Two-thirds of the people of Parisuse hydrant water for drinking purposes. The less water in Stoner thegreater the probability of pollutionDo not use it extravagantly. It is better to sacrifice the beauty of thelawn or the fruitfulness of the gardentnan to chance a human life.(tf) A. H. KELLER, Health Officer.tHOttftft iA Matchless Match SaleAT THEBUSY BEE CASH STORESOOO BOXES OFBest Soft Tip MatchesAs Long Rs The Lot Lasts At2 Boxes For 5cOr 25 'cents per dozen Yes All you want at this price.It will pay you to watch this space and our windowsfor each week's specials.The Busy Bee Gash StoreFEE'S OLD STANDtheWds.mmmmmvtmmm(m9m-:im4ft-mmmmm(ft(ft(ftft(ftftft--ft-ftm999is capable of self governmentis liberty; when he gov-hadisand the example and preceptofNEW TOURING CAR.Mr. and Mrs. Louis Mussinon h&ereceived a handsome new 35-horbe-powerOverland touring car whic'athey recently purchased, in Lexington.The car is equipped with all the modern appliences and is up-to-date inthe way of equipment.A CORDIAL INVITATIONA practical demonstrator of the H.J. Heintz Co. and the National BiscuitCo. will be at our store on Thursday.The public is cordially invited. Ti?public is cordially invited to atteniThe hours will be from 10 a. m. tc 3p. m.BALDWIN BROSBUNNY AT SEN ALLManager Chas. Scott, of the EtnAli Theatre, Lexington, has booked:John Bunny, the famous motion picture actor.and his company for t".operformances there, October 9 and !.The pictures in which Bunny and i-iwife, Flora Finch, are stars, frequent-ly appear at the Alamo Theatre hereLOOK! LOOK!Think of it ?8.00 and $8.50 grenand brown Porch Chairs, at ?4 TO,while they last.(7-tf) A. F. WHEELER & COm91KENTUCKYt V' "--."K,J -'PvJx .THE- BOURBON NEWS PARIS, KEfTUCKY., AUGUST 25, 1K4.f-VfS-c4rvjn&iiHAS THE BESTOF ALL LINES MADENOTICE.City tax lists for theyear 1914 are now inrny hands for collection at my office atthe Deposit and Peonies Bank.1 C. K. THOMAS,tf City Collector.A CORDIAL INVITATION.S001AL AND PERSONALA practical demonstrator of the H.j.Heintz Co. and the National BiscuitCo. will be at our store on Thursday.The public is invited to attend. Thehours will be from 10 a. m. to 5 p. m.BALDWIN BROS.LODGE ORGANIZED.A lodge of Woodmen of the World: J i- 1, T.- e TD XJr.11Y;as orgamzeu at iuc i. vl . uau,Friday night by Organizer W.Bowling, with about 15 membersJ.CANTELOUPES ! CANTELOUPES !We are receiving fancy canteltmpes every day.(It) C. P. COOK & CO.BUYS CYNTHIANA HOMEMiss Bessie Talbott, who for several years has been the popularleacher at the Ford's Mill school,near Paris, has purchased the N.Fuller residence, on Vine street,?Mithiana, at a private price.M.inLOSES FINGER.While engaged in inspecting a seedcleaning machine at the plant of E.r. Spears & Son, Friday afternoon.i.ir. A. M. Houston, foreman, sufferedIhe los3 of the middle finger of hisleft hand, which was accidentallycaught in a revolving roll.NEW ROADMASTER.Mr. J. C. Nickerson, of the L. &N. construction department in Louisville, has been appointed Roadmasterfor this division of the L. & N., withheadquarters in Paris. He will succeed Mr. Thomas Walker, who hasbeen transferred to the office of ChiefEngineer in Louisville. The appointment becomes effective Sept. 1.BUY NOW.You save 25 per cent, off by buying from Winters' now. (tf)WHAT?.A METEOR OR COMET?Something terrible is evidently instore for Maysville, as an advertisement in the daily papers of that citystates t"Coming Tuesday 'Through theClouds' in four parts."BOURBON GIRL EN ROUTE HOMEMiss Nannie Louise Best, of Millersburg, ho has been studying music in Berlin for some time, and wholeft there recently on account of thewar scare, cabled Millersburg relatives Friday that she had sailed fromEngland for home and will arriveshortly. She will probably resumeJber studies in New York.ONLY FIVE MORE DAYS.Only five more days remain of the3ig Cash Raising Sale at the B. M.Wheeler Furniture Co.'s store. Thosewho desire to secure first-class bargains in fine furniture should attendthis sale. The stock is of the verybest, and every article offered wil besold at prices that will fit the pocketbooks of every one in these tiroes.Keraember the sale will only be forfive days longer. Do not fail to takeadvantage of present opportunity.THE BEST ONLY.Miss Ella Wright is a guest ofMiss Dorothy Ford, in Danville.Mrs. E. 3VI. Current, of Augusta, is a guest of Paris relatives.Miss Fannie Allen is visiting her Iniece, Mrs. Lucy Sallee, in Midway.Miss Henrietta Lockhart, of Newport, is the guest of Mrs. E. F. Clay,Sr.Mr. Hugh Campbell, of Paris, isat Rockcastle Springs for a shortstay.Miss Louise Wyatt has returnedfrom a visit with relatives in Cynthiana. Mr. and Mrs. R. P., Dow havegone to Swango Springs for a twoweeks' stay.Mrs. John Doty and Master AllenBowling are visiting relatives inWinchester.Prof, and Mrs. Robert Hinton, ofGeorgetown, are guests of Mr. andMrs. W. M. Hinton.Dr. Wm. Kenney, who has beenill for several days, was able to be at 1his office Saturday.Mrs. W. H. Boone, of Lexington,is a guest of her brother, Dr. W. R.Smith, near Jacksonville.Mrs. Gertrude Smoot and son,Master Madison Smoot, are visitingrelatives in Mason County.Miss Elise Varen attended thedance given by the Barge Club atFrankfort, Tuesday evening.Miss Mary Brophy returned toher home in Jackson, Sunday, aftera visit to relatives near this city.Mrs. Raymond Spencer has returned to her home in Cincinnati after a visit to Miss Corinne Collins.Mrs. Neville Fisher and daughter,Emily, of Georgetown, are visitingfriends in Verona and Walton, Ky.Mr. and Mrs. John Mershon, ofRichmond, are guests of Mr. and Mrs.John Flanagan, on Houston Avenue.Mrs. Anna Belle Wallace, of thiscity, has returned from a visit to Mr.and Mrs. W. K. McKinncy, in Georgetown. Mr. L. P. Purnell has returnedfrom a successful business trip tothe mountains in the interest of theParis Milling Co.Paris guests recently registeredat Oil Springs are Miss Grace Donaldson, Dr. and Mrs. D. S. Henry andMiss Sallie Whaley.Mrs. Powell Bosworth and twochildren, of Lexington, are visitingher mother and sister, Mrs. Griffiith,and Miss Nancy Griffith, near Paris.Mrs. Henry McGinley and daughters, Misses Alice and Margaret, arespending the week in Jackson, Ky.,as he guests of Mr. and Mrs. JamesBrophy.Mr. and Mrs. Charles C. Clarkeentertained a number of friends witha dinner and dance at their country jhome near North Mlddletown,' Friday night.Mr. J. J. Veatch, district manager of the Home Telephone Co., ismaking an official inspection of thecompany's lines between Paris andMaysville.Paris relatives have receivedhandsomely engraved invitations toattend a dinner party to be givenTuesday evening, August 25, by Mr.and Mrs. Morris W. Renick, at Mlddletown, O., in honor of Mr. and Mrs.William McCallay Renick, their sonand his bride. Mr. and Mrs. DuncanBell, of this city, will attend the function. The members of the EpworthLeague of the Methodist Church weretendered a most delightful entertainment last-Thucsday night by Mr. andMrs. Edgar Tingle, at their home onSouth Main Street. Delicious icesand cakes were served after a literary program had been rendered. Thelawn was lighted by Japanese lanterns.guests enjoyed the delightful occasion. . -"Miss Ethel Freeman ha,s returnedfrom an outing at Oil Springs.Mrs. C. L. Bobbitt, of Covington,is a guest of friends in this city.Miss Anita Wilson has returnedfrom' a visit to friends in Maysville.Mr. Harry Dodson, of South Bend,ilnd., is visiting his aunt, .Mrs. Wm.Frizzell, in this city.Miss Freida Heller has returnedfrom a visit to her sister, Miss StellaHeller, in Newport, Ky.Mss Stella Heller, of Newport, isa guest of her parents, Mr. and Mrs.P. M. Heller, in this city.Mr. John Dickey, Jr., has returned from a visit to his sister, Mrs.John Reynolds, in Cynthiana.Mr. Edward Shinners has returned to Cincinnati after a few days' visit to his aunt, Mrs. M. L. Woods.Mr. Fred Wessecker, of the"Busy Bee Cash Store," has returnedfrom a business trip to Cincinnati.Miss Agnes Turner, of near thiscity, left Sunday for a visit to hercousin, Miss Martha Green Sharp, inMaysville.Mrs. James McClure has returnedfrom a visit to Boston, Mass.', whereher son, Mr. James. McClure, Jr., itattending college.Miss Gerturde Slicer, of SouthMain street, has returned from a visitto friends in Ewing, where she attended the Ewing Fair.Mrs. Mary Mosby and son, Richard, of Helena, Ark., are guests ofthe former's sister, Mrs. H. S. Caywood, at North Middletown.Mr. and Mrs. Ernest Bashford, ofSt. Louis, and Miss Mary Bashford,of this city, are visiting Mr. and Mrs.Jake Bashford, near Frankfort.Mrs. Mary Newt. Gorham, whohas been seriously ill at her home onPleasant Street, has been removed tothe Massie Memorial Hospital, whereshe is recovering.The Misses Welsh have as guestsat their home near Centerville,Misses Mary Nicholson, of Cincinnati; Margaret Ryan, of Lexington;Mary Carroll and Mary Sullivan, ofMaysville; and Mary O'Donald, ofAvondale.Winchester Sun: "Mrs. SamWillis and daughter, Miss Margaret,have returned from Paris, where theyhave been spending the summer. . . .Miss Fannie Ingels, of Paris, has returned home after a month's visit toMiss Fannie Bean."Mr. and Mrs. Bert Swearengenand son, Richard, of Denver, Col., areguests of Misses Margaret and Beatrice Terry. Mrs. Swearengen wasformerly Miss Alice Terry. Mr.Swearengen was formerly Miss AliceTerry. Mr. Swearengen is an employe of the Pacific Railway, withheadquarters in Denver.(Other Personals on Page 8.)NOTICE TO THE PUBLIC.BLAZEmIN',LUMBEFTYABD.An alarm from, box 13 about noonyesterday called the fire departmentto the lumber yard of Mr: Frank P.''Walker, on Houstoa avenue? where asmall blaze was discovered. The firewas extinguished before the arrivalof the firemen, with small loss.Fire, wind and li htning Insurance. Thomas & Woodford.i$1.00 FOR 75 CENTS.xWinters' fine values $1.00's worthfor 75c. (tf)JUDGE JANUARY ILL.Police Judge E. B. January is veryill at his home on Higgins Avenue,suffering from an -attack of bronchialpneumonia. His physicians to-nightreport him being very ill, but with afightng chance for recovery. DuringJudge January's absence, AttorneyDavid Cline in Acting Police Judge,A CORDIAL INVITATIONA practical demonstrator of the H.J. Heintz Co. and the National BiscuitCo. will be at our store on Thursday.The public is cordially invited to attend. The hours will be from 10 a. m.to 5 p. m.BALDWIN BROS.StraussBros.& CosNew5c CigarNo. 8MLAST BIG GUTIon :SUMMER GOODStJ. An Opportunity to Buy Beautiful New ggLAWNS, RATINES, CREPES, DRESS LINENS tand Mrny Novelty Wash Goods at BigReductions. '200Shirt Waists To; Close Out at Half PriceA Few CREPE and MUSLIN UNDERGARMENTSSlightly Mussed During Our Sale, atBARGAIN PRICES.IW. Ed Tucker.Paris' Only Exclusive Dry Goods Store.IIINothing but good goods atWin-Our attention has recently been called to reports which are being circulated to the effect, that if the rates fortelephone service now being chargedby another telephone company operating in Paris, are permitted to be increased, then the Home TelephoneCompany wou'd go out of business.These reports were the first intimation the Home Company had that suchstatements were being circulated. Ican sav positively, that no negotiationsfor the sale of the Home Telephone andTelegraph Company to, or its mergerwith the Bell Company, have tverbeensuggested or considered.It is the intention of the Home Company to remain in business in Paris, andits greatest desire is to merit me continued natronaere of its subscribers byfurnishing the best possible locaPand (long distance telephone service to thepublic at reasonable and fair rates atall times.J. J. VEATCH,District Manager, Paris Home Telephone and Telegraph Company.1 On Sale at AllCigar Stands, fvtBhWTvtf.esv r "r CTt$--'-KMlfl1"fer.a-,!nft"$.-SPECIAL! " .; 'Hand-Painted Initial Salts and Peppers, White ChinaWith Initial in Gold, i65 Cents Per Pair.Worth $1.00. cAll Letters in Stock at Preeent.Get Our Prices on Watches, Jewelry, Silverware, Etc,Before You Buy. Always Reliable.C. O. HINTONiersMRS. ARMOUR'S ADDRESS.Mrs. Mary Harris Armour, StatePresident of the Georgia W. O. T. U..addressed an audience that taxed thecapacity of the court house Sundayafternoon, in the interest of the localoption campaign, which has opened3n this county. Mrs. Armour is aforceful speaker, and held the undivided attention of her hearers for twohours. At night she spoke at theMethodist Church in Millersburg, toa rowded house. Many Pari 5 peoplewent over to hear her again.NO WAR PRICES.We have been receiving almostdaily our merchandise for fall, both inthe custom and ready-to-wear departments. It has always been the policyof this house to make no advances inthe price of goods that we own. Justbecause a man is starving is no reason why we should charge him morefor bread. There is some conscience,a matter floods that we ownThe News in its last issue inadvertantly gave the date for the danceto be given by Messrs. Ireland Davisand Lucienn Arnsparger as last Friday night. The date should have beenFriday, August 28. The music forthe occasion will be furnished by theWright Saxaphone Trio, of Lexington,nnri tiiA nnr.asion Dromises to be amost enjoyable one.Sunday's Lexington Herald says:"Mrs. Margaret Sullivan, Miss Frances Sullivan 'and Miss Mary Kearnswill go to Paris this week for a visitto relatives Miss Elizabeth Brown,of Paris, was a guest of friends hereyesterday Mrs. Robert Talbott, ofParis, is quite ill at the Good Samaritan Hospital She was visiting Mrs.J. M. Hughes, when she was suddenly taken ill several dys ago.".Master John Welsh entertainedat his home on Second Street, in honor of his guests, Miss Margaret Cron-in, or ljexmgiuu, nu " ";O'Donnell, of Cincinnati. Many gameswere enjoyed, after which ices andcakes were served. Those presentwpre: Misses Margaret Cronin, MaryO'Donnell, Margaret Lavin, MargaretSlattery, Alice Brannon; MastersGilbert Lavin, Willie Slattery, MikeSweeney, John O'Donnell and JohnWelsh. . -The Carlisle Mercury says; "MrsMary N. Gorham, of Paris, will moveto Miss Jennie Norvell's residence inMaple Avenue, the first of September,whprfi she will open a dressmakingestablishment,... Mr. and Mrs. B. M.KODAKf nnv on advance later-, iuaiis another proposition.(It) J. W. DAVIS & CO.STEWART BUYS FINE FARM.One of the largest real estate dealsthat has been consummated here forsome time was made Saturdaythrough the agency of the Rev. J. i.Sharrard. Mr. James M. Russe 1sold to Mr. Lindsay Stewart, of Millersburg, 150 acres of his farm nearBethlehem, and leased the remainderof about 200 acres, to the same partyfor a term of years. The farm is oneol the oldest and most historic m thecounty, having for years been thehome of Mr. Jas. Martson, Mr. Russell's grandfather, who for years afterward occupied the property onPleasant street now occupied by Mr.Brice Steele. The price paid- for thefarmwas not given out, but it issaid1 to be a good one. v ,will not be advanced. If we are oblig-l wheelei.f 0f Paris, spent Friday withMr. and Mrs. G. B. Young, at uie eeback Hotel.... Mr. John I. Fisher, ofLouisville, who has been the guest ofrelatives in Bourbon County, was recalled to Louisville by the death ofMr. L. T. Davidson, President of theCourier-Journal Job Printing company." Miss Sarah Stone, of Richmond,was the guest of honor at a lawnparty given by Mr. and .Mrs. C. P.Bales, at their home on Second street,Friday night. The occasion was thecelebration of the birthday anniversary of Miss Stone, who is a sister ofthe" hostess. The yard was brilliantlylimited" with Japanese lanterns. Alarge part of the very enjoyable evening was spent in acnciajr, auer wmuuices, cakes and bon bons were servedto the .numerous guests. Miss MaryD. Everman and Mr. Preston Bales,son of the Jiost and hostess, presiaeuat the punch bowl. Twenty-five happyOn Your VacationYou Should Take aKODAKThey will enjoytaking picturesthe simple, easyKodak Way.You will be gladto have a picturestory of vacation .days.THE J. T. HINTON GO.WIPMEIKIinmmmmMfMrHtfilKPJLijijfmmuiLfjiumMgyp""T-T-i,iyi mmttli HW Vj:8CD5PRISCsTVr VW W! jrT -if: ''- TiI '' ll J 5 ' 2' 'X X X I "' i h-tft wm& (i Jaiy (m) 4w) ft) '' sir - "T",XTtr11? .f rr a I n I 1 I -kfe-S7, (fc(ft i& ft (f&i W) w (wlJJKOri i --LJLJJtItt E&iff) 1 KidDo youmerely sleep.or do you sleepand rest ?You wouldn't think ofsitting in an uncomfortablechair not even for an hour.Then why sleep eight to ten hours onan uncomfortable bed? Why awakenwith cramped and tired muscles ?Do you sleep with a much heavierperson ? Does their weight make ithard for you to sleep comfortably ?Sleep 30 Days at Our Risk"Perfection Bed Springs"See how refreshing sleep can be. Experience the comfort of sleeping onsprings that cannot sag, that supportyour body perfectly, independent ofanother person in the bed. (fcYou have your own springs just asmuch as if you were sleeping alone.Each spring and row of springs operatemdenendentlv. No sae no hills no "side-rock" no noise. S35pounds and 125 pounds can sleep comfortably in the same bed.The Sleep on Perfection Spring 30 Nights t Our Risk.Pajamt) .in Connection with thisJOreat Spring we are ShowingKODAKS, $5.00 up.BROWNIE CAMERAS, theylike Kodaks, $1.00 to $12.00.workPerfection,Sterns - G&Fairy" Felt andFoster cTHattressesppPpyvNjpvJMgVpvpvgMDaughertyMay We Not Have the Pleasure of Showing Ypii?Bros.THE J. T. HINTON COMPANY. Paris, Kentucky Phones 36 i' 3Undertaking Ambulance Wood Mantels.4-5?,s-T&gix?I3K.Vv-X'&f 3':"2fe2V,.- v$"t-Atis -vx. y -.Cft!THE, BOURBON NEWS PARK, KY., AUGUST 255-tV.'v v'-i9i4 ?. ' Wj ,X I T - - 1 . '.? X &.Jf Sf-fYifi'afmnfWfWfinwJob PpintonejWORK DONEWHEN PROMISEDGood Work Done Cheap;Cheap Work Done Good!FEMININE FftNCYTrSIvw-me jqb Reoffls orTHEBtfRB0N!NEWSAre, prepaired to do the best ofPrinting on short notice such asBILLHEADS,LETTERHEADS, ;CARDS,CATALOG ,POSTERS,and, in fact, everythingthat is printed.Orders for Engraving,such as Wedding Announcements, Invitations,given prompt attention.tvLet us figure with you onon your next workOur facilities are the best, havingjust installed two of the latest improved Chandler & Price JobPresses come around and see themwork.Our type is new and modernfaces.bt Bourbon news,104 Issues a Year for.l$2.00.Advertising rates reasonable and madeknown on application.iUiMiiMMowiWIDER SITS.Ruffled Skirts, Russian Tunics and Chemise DressesMingle IndiscriminatelyJUMPER WAISTS ANDSCALLOPED TUNICSNEW YORK, Aug. 24.For the benefit of the vast armyof England's blind a wonderful fancydress ball was recently given. Awealthy man, himself blind, suggested the idea, and with sympathetic interest English society generously responded. The ;Savoy Hotfel offeredthe use of its wonderful ballroom, awealthy Scotchman sent the moneyfor the supper, and others offered todefray other expenses until the costsof the ball were paid for and the entrance fees clear profit.! 1 i r111 IIIP III :ifiMlijiiif,,1! f lljpMCCAIL I ! Ithe combinations of J fabrics. One1model shows an overwaist in' basqueeffect made in velvet, worn over alnog sleeved -tulle guimpe anith askirt whose tighf-fittingj " foundationshows through a filmy, shimmeringtunic of tulle.Chemise dresses inspired by themoyen age frocks are being worn indiscriminately by stout and slim alikesometimes with dire results. Afrock which hangs ike a- sacque fromthe shoulders to the heels is scarcelybecoming to a well-developed figure,whose charms may be displayed inmany of the other smart styles. Butwhen donned by a slender womanwhose charm is youthful buoyancy, itis irresistaple. These gowns give asilhouette quite different from theconventionalized one of the day, aptlycalled the plumbline silhouette. Satinseems to be replacing taffeta in thepopularity of the public, but sergesand gabardines are continuing theirvogue, and for the tailored costumenothing is quite so smart. Usuallybraid in various widths, plainin weave, binds and trims these suits.The new style of dress called thecoat-dress, with its waist resemblinga coat, yet fastened to the skirt, thusmaking a one-piece dress, is admirably adapted to this mode of trimming.These dresses are having a tremendous vogue in Paris and no doubt area forerunner of suits with long coats.Thfe jumper waists whi6h are wornover guimpes of tulle, organdy andchiffon suggests a chamring and practical way of remodeling an old gowninto the newest styles. These jumpers are made in figured and plain material, with edges bound and wrinkled.carelessly across the hips. Some-times they are finished with a sash ofthe same fabric, and again with asash of richly contrasting color.Sashes v are a happy thought forsummer and winter dresses, as theypermit the use of a bit of rich colorto charm the eye and please the colorsense. The mummy sash whichswathes the body, twined from the tipof the bust to below the hips, if artistically used on a slender figure, ismost effective.The bottoms of tunics and skirtsare cut in points, scallopeds andsquares bound with bias strips of silkor with woven braid. This is aunique finish which adds a distinctstyle note to the dress, and one whenis often easier to accomplish than toturn a hem or add a facing.The vogue for materials in stripedeffects, such as golfine, corduroy,corded velour and fancy striped woolen fabrics, has given an added zestto the use of that staple standby,pique. It isused in combinationwith linen of both light and heavyqualities; for trimming it is unexcelled in its cmartness. On waists ofvoile, handkerchief linen, .crepe deChine, and organdy, pique is used tomake the collars, cuffs and vestfront. My first illustration shows acharming dress ot combined linenand pique. The waist and lower skirtare of linen, while the long tunic andwaist trimmings are of qique. ForGROCERIESSTAPLE CSk FANCY!ALSOAll the VegetablesOf the Seasont' uOUR LINE OFCanned GoodsCannot Be ExcelledN. A. MOORE.Sauer's Old Stand1d--?tt9mt:'-99$A Sty.'ish Outing Costume of WhiteLinen with Tunic and Waist Trimming of Pique.Lixe Solomon in all his glory camethe beau and belles of London townarrayed in cubist and futurist costumes, in Elizabethian ruff and Roman toga; but most prominent of allwere the costumes of the early Victorian crinolines. Many ruffled skirts,over stiffly swinging hoops, andquaint, with the then fashionabledropped shoulderlines, bave the students of Dame Fashion's whims andfancies an ingling of what the feminine mind is looking for in the nearfuture. Surely it must mean that thewomen are tired of the tight skirts,if, when allowed the freedom as tochoice of style, not one, nor two, butmany turn toward the period whenthe greatest width of skirt was popular.Not only in England was there agreat social event which showed thistendency, but in Paris also a wonderful '"Bal en Crinolines" was given bythe Duchesse de Garmont, where allthe costumes were of this period.This d6es not mean, however, thatwe will , necessarily have a rivalof the early Victorian styles in alltheir quaint loveliness, for the woman of to-day is a widely differentcreajture from tfre wqmanly: homemaker of that generation. She is notless womanly, but she leads a different life; therefore, she will demand! the style suggested by that time, butmade to suit her own life one belonging to the period in which shelives. Nor' will the new gowns resemble the old portraits of tihs fashion any more than did . last year'spanniers resemble the panniers ofLouis XIV, from which the designswere taken.However the greatest thing to bedreaded in adapting this style is exaggeration, which, alas, is to bedreaded in all styles. Charming, indeed, are the ruffled skirts if theirwidth is kept within bounds; but, ifgiven theexpansion allowed the earlypart of the last century, will only gofor the sake of dress.Mingling with these Victorian suggestions are the long Russian tunics,which have held their own because oftheir many variations. Apron tunics,scalloped tunics, tunics gradually narrowing in tront, double tunics and;tunics which start at the liip-line areonly a few of the many ways inwhich tunic effects are applied."Just as diyerse as the tunics are,j$Mk jTwin Bios JGjaiif nt Sloie,k W'. fiifJr QwWAm;s'rV' S r' .'J "- if''ZZs'- -y-t-c j ?"- ? I W!' 3'V i'l111 if MCCA,:tI 11 vVGreatBargainSale ; fNowGoing On!Greater Bargains than youhave ever, before heard of inParis.KINDLY CALL AT-, ,k,JjLSeventh and Main Sts., Paris, Ky3TTZ.Safe InvestmentT-wiiaBrosGivesadvice to all the people of Parisand.Bourbon County to invest their moneyinLines Which Are the Vogue.the week-end trips to the seashoreand the belated vacation in the mountains this will be found an unusuallypractical dress; to this, if desired, asmart crepe coat in pique can be added. Another 'addition, which may bemade so practical as to serve forwear during the fall as well, is thestylish redingote in my second illus:tration. This may be made of linenor golfine for the warmer weatherand for motoring, but in serge, gaberdine or whipcord it makes a stunning coat for general wear.Clothing, Shoes,; v Hats, Caps,Underwear, Etc.They will give you one hundred cents onthe dollar on your merchandise investment.Call in and see them.L. WOLLSTEIIM, Prop.FOR RENT.CONSTIPATION CAUSES SICKNESS. Don't permit yourself to becomeconstipated, as your system immediately begins to absorb joison fromthe backed-up waste matter. Use Dr.King's New Life Pills and keep well.There is no better safe-guard, against'illness -Just take one dose.- to-night.25c, at your druggist.My home place opposite the ParisFair Grounds, now occupied by Mr.Ed. Burke. AddressMRS. BLANNIE D. SHIPP,v 342 East Main Street,(tf) Lexington, Ky.Lumber Cut To Order.Tobacco sticks, tier rails, and other,materials for barnH building. Applyw tfCi8-3t)Handsome Res Idence For Sale.Mr residence on Mt. Airy is forsale. One of the most modern homesin Paris. Every convenience. Prospective buyers are invited to inspectthe building and premises.(28jly-tf) MRS. M. A. PATOXCottage Wanted.Modern cottage of five or six rooms,with, bath and gas; close in. Address-r-N-r-r-.i-m ",- j"JWEEiXtl' XT. VV A-USjli, i v-wMt. StTliMJ.w". VT4i taT-au'&T AX InM-JFf Vr ..Kh..9 "v2K1"j. -IJP X? Ajs?Vij..-, MCjHE BOURBON fjfr.VS,rI?ARtS. fENTfcCKY; . AU6l25 1914ii, '- - .' v-t!iT99!W fl ' f ) IU iTS i5v't -rviIS MINE OF JEWELS"hf-vBroadway Has Found NewSource of Fame.wfc. i I Si- - SB I I-Jtl i-sitI it answers every beverage re-S quirement vim, vigor, refreshment,3 wholesomeness.wz7 satisfy you. IsDemand the genuine by full name juJBSSI jf?k Nicknames encourage substitution. iPtPpfflSPwTHE COCA-COLA COMPANY fiThere was a time when a YoungMan took to Drink and went to theDogs when a girl turned him dawn.But nowadays he says good-by, lightsa cigarette, walks nround the cornerand run into another girl.Of BOURBON POULTRY CUREdown a chick's throat curesfapes, A few drops in therinking water cures andprevents cholera, diarrhoeaand other chick diseases. One50c bottle makes 12 gallons ofmedicine At all druggists.Sample and booklet on "Diseases of Fowls" Bent FREE.Bourbon Remedy Co. Lexington, Ij.ziszzfrfc.m.VW'z&!&&imVfcVO.'.ara:5' ?V;vl i Vft ytvWV Hi& J'K. xiV. V;rt tiKtii . rr-.iM?rffiit '. taf!N'Tth'njy is mom im;crtant In thehome . nan cl rta r, toady iignt. InjureiM5 by rem:::; the oil that lmmse'enr nni ln without a fl'clcerfiry&tio ae I"1: drop. Pennsylvaniar"i -:! refin - to perfection.-t rw iif c than ths inferioiiaJs ffunfwi r.Hi - .aves MONEY savesWAV; K csivs on h.Ycr 'ier.! -r ha-? SOLTTE OIL inbrrels direct fron: cur works.Lcx:r.gf n, KyBRcfinorr ..t Varren. Pa.'.Vc sell tnv v'aL.d 'IToCarb'jitoOiLrgjrjSPECIAL TO WOMENThe most economical, cleansing andgermicidal of all antiseptics isA soluble Antiseptic Powder tobe dissolved in water as needed.As a medicinal antiseptic for douchesin treating catarrh, inflammation orulceration of nose, throat, and thatcaused by feminine ills it has no equal.For ten years the Lydia E. PinkhamMedicine Co. has recommended Paxtinein their private correspondence "withwemen, which proves its superiority."Women who have been cured sayit is "worth its weight in gold." Atdrnggists. 50c. large box, or by mail.The Paxtoa Toilet Co., Boston, Mass.lilL BRASS PARK!DBathing and Boating.i8$11najtin&'Tiiee- DANCING -Free' Afternoon and Evening.;1 Bios.Barber Shop.Prompt and Courteous Attention to All Patrons.HOT AND1C0LDJBAT.HS.Curtis &0verbyBusiness Men's Barber Shop,(Next to Bourbon Bank)3 - CHAIRS - 3Expert BarbersPolite AttentionHot and Cold Baths at AHoursNo Long Waits.A Share of the Public Palronage Solicited.Corner Fourth and MainModern Equipment,Polite Service.Everything Sanitary.Children's Work a Specialty.CARL CRAWFORDCANCER CUREDI guarantee every case I undertake; 20 years practice; reference, any citizen of Paris.t DR. WM. R. SMITH,Paris, Ky.Professional CardsJ. S. Wallingford, M. D.office on Sixth Street,Between Main and High,'Phones 31PARIS, KY.Dr. Wm. Kenney,PARIS, KENTUCKY.Office 514 Main Street.I "F1 T 16Office Phones j H'ome 136o -a n 5E. T. 334.Residence j Home 334DR. A. tl KELIiEB,Practicing Physician,Offices, Rooma 4 and 5, Elk's Bid' gParis - - KentuckyBahalewBarraopWILLIAMS, . . ,New York's Great Thoroughfare ShowsUp With 118 Varieties of Mineralsin Rocks When Excavations AreMade for Skyscrapers.New York. Broadway, most talkedof thoroughfare in the world,. American home of the opera, the drama andthe lobster, famous avenue of skyscrapers and tango, has found 118 additional reasons why its fame shouldbe undying.For Broadway, far down beneaththe hurrying feet of its crowds, is agem-studded treasure Ailed vault ofthe mineral kingdom, unequalled, perhaps, by any other thoroughfare inthe world in the variety of mineralsto be found along its borders.A paper recently written by JamesG. Manchester, which now forms partof the records of the New York Mineralogical club, has established theright of Broadway to claim its measure of fame in this new direction.While Broadway has been knownsince 1814 as a mineral' producingarea, it was not until the advent ofthe giant structures which dot its borders that the real extent of its wealthin that direction was realized. Then,with almost every boring that piercedthe solid rock foundation, find afterfind was made by amateur and professional collectors. Finally, so manyspecies and varieties had been broughtfrom beneath the street surface thatthe highway actually began to attractattention from the best known mineralcollectors in the country."It is safe to say," Mr. Manchesterwrote, "that no other public thoroughfare can equal Broadway in the variety of minerals found along its borders." His paper lists, with extensivedescriptions of the specimens and thelocation of their finding, amphibole(tremolite, asbestos, byssolite), apatite, beryl, calcite, chalcopyrite andmalachite, chrysoberyl, dumortierite,epidote, fluorite, garnet, graphite, gypsum, kaolin, magnetite, manganese oxide, marcasite, mica, microlite, oligoclase, opal, orthlte, pyrite, orthoclase,pyroxene, pyrrhotite, quartz, ripdollte,rutile, silbite, uraninite, topaz, tourmaline and xenotime."A complete list of the mineralsfound in New York city," Mr. Manchester wrote, "consists of 118 varieties, or82 species."Garnets are quite common. Themost interesting one found on Manhattan island is owned by Dr. GeorgeF. Kunz. It weighs nine pounds tenounces and measures six inches in itsgreatest diameter.LAYS BAD LUCK TO A STONEWoman -Js Sorry She Took Forbidden Relic From BombayTemple.Los Angeles. 111 luck which hasfollowed Mrs. Edith Parker Karrachof Silver Falls, Ida., and her near relatives for many years is attributed byher to a small, smooth cobra stonewhich she Indiscreetly took from atemple in Bombay, India, in her girlhood. She regrets now that she failedto heed the warning given by her Parsee nurse."I was informed by my nurse thatthe stones would bring ill luck to anyone who took them," said Mrs. Karrach. "I did not believe -it. Onemorning I went to a temple with her.While she was praying I took one ofthe stones 'from a casket under thehigh priest's chair."After I came to America the illluck which apparently I had broughtdown upon my head entered into mydomestic life. I have known of similar cases."HIS PREACHING WINS WIFEMethodist Episcopal Preacher, Seventy-SixYears Old, Takes' BrideWho Is Only Forty.Huntington, W. Va. A romance culminated when the Rev. C. H. Lakin,seventy-six years old, one of the veteran ministers of the Methodist Episcopal church, "was married to MissNora Quinn, 3G years his junior.Miss Quinn, it is said, fell in lovewith the aged minister while listening to one "of his sermons, and soughtan introduction after the services. Theceremony was performed by Rev. G.W. Bent, superintendent of the Huntington district.Mr. Lakin is the father of JamesL. Lakin, president of the state boardof control.PLOWS FOR HER VACATIONThis Kansas Schoolma'am -laBeliever in the IdleLife for Women. :Not aJunction City, Kan. Miss EdithStonebraker, daughter of a well-knownGeary county farmer and a districtschool teacher, does not believe inspending her vacation in idleness.This . morning she began to plowup a forty-acre field on the H. P. Powers farm. She contracted with Mr.Powers to plow up the entire field fora specified sum and has begun workwith a plow and two big mules.She expects to turn three and onehalf acres each day until the task isfinished and will be through in timeto take a rest before she resumesteaching -this falL 4 -UneedaBiscuitTempt the appetite, "please the taste andnourish the body.Crisp, clean and fresh.5 cents.Baronet BiscuitRound, thin, tenderwith a delightful flavorappropriate for luncheon, tea and dinner.xo cents.GrahamCrackersMade of the finestingredients. Bakedto perfection. Thenational strengthfood, zo cents.Buy biscuit baked byKIATIONAL, BISCUITCOMPANYAlways look for that Name.V.JLUKE McLUKE SAYS:(Cincinnati Enquirer.Friend wife can't see any harm Ingambling if her husband wins. Butit is different if he loses.If there were any truth in theEarly Rising theory the. milkmanwould have all the work in the world.When a woman watches anotherwoman cook a meal she always goesaround and tells the neighbors thatthe other woman uses too much butter. It is funny how a woman likes towash dishes when she is away fromhome and how she hates the jobwhen she is at home.Before marriage all they talk aboutis clothes and men. After marriageall they talk about is men and clothesWhat has become of the old-fashionedgirl who used to wear a corset?Lots of fellows who always keep acorkscrew and a beer opener on theirkey rings never have enough to purchase a drink.INFECTION AND INSECTBITES DANGEROUS.Mosquitoes, flies and other insects, which breed quickly in garbagepails, ponds or stagnant matter, barns,musty places, etc., are carriers of disease. Every time they bite you, theyinject poison into your system fromwhich some dread disease may result.Get a bottle of Sloan's Liniment. Itis antiseptic and a few drops will neutralize the infection caused by insectbites or rusty nails. Sloan's Liniment disinfects Cuts, Bruises andSores. You cannot afford to be without it in your home. Money back ifnot satisfied. Only 25c, at your Druggist. (adv aug.)442M&,&,S'4,4,a&,iM3,iS"!'i$,a3K3H3M3Mnf,2Fop Prompt Attention fand54Dependable Service4In Any Line of13SeeW. 0. HINT0NI& SON, ' !BDUMTHE NEW FIRM.TME PRUDENTTAKE -A CNANCE - NE PUTS HSMONEY tfTNE BANK WNEPETS,SAFE, AND ZEADYEOd A GOODBCSNESS OPPORTUNITYMake Oim SankW CANAdvsFoolish, indeed, is theearnings of his lifetime on some good-seeming investmentwithout first thoroughly investigating its merits. We shallcheerfully advise with our customers or their friends oilmoney matters.We, ourselves, stickU,-.?v. ti-5 uro o-Jtr?es ewratrtTrnrta n iinrr ha-Frkro VCk loonc" Jandtakes what may prove a disastrous "chance." . 7 ,Make OUR bank YOUR bank, ' V, VWe pay 3 per cent, interest on Savings. vDEPOSIT AND PEOPLES BANKCAPITAL $150,000.00SURPLUS :.-- 30,000.00STOCKHOLDERS' LIABILITY.:.. 150,000.00Protection to Depositors $330,000.0(1(S. E. BEDFORD, President.WALTER MARTIN1 NEW LIVERY STABLE !S New Carriages, Buggies, RunaboutsEtc. Special Attention Given toWeddings, Tunerals, Parties,S Dances, Etc. "Horses Boarded By Day, Week or loath!1Hauling of Every Description Done. Transfer Business a Specialty. 'Our stables on Eighth Street will continue under themanagement of Mr. Walter Martin and the Main Streeplace will be run by Mr. Ernest Martin.MARTIN BROS.Stables Eigth St., Main St.!Bourbon Building & Loan!Association.Successful record of nearly eightyears. Pays annual dividend over 7per cent. Not a dollar lost. Investment secured by first mortgage onreal estate.Subscription for stock now in series "H." Apply toC. ARNSPARGER,( iR-tf 1 Secretary.1ii,PEOPLE!Do You Know We Handlethe CelebratedDetroit JewellGas Stoves & RangesCome and See. OurPrices Are Right.Plumbing 'and ElectricalContractors.Estimates Freely Given.Try Us.IELKS' BUILDING.E. T. Phone 103Home PhonelOlMITMSPICER5G LGHRISMAN DOES NOT. V' vv-sYour dank.You.jr .man who "chances" all. -that,' ?strictly to SAFE BANKINGC. K. THOMAS, ChtaERNEST MARTINSBoth PhonesSome Alek has invented a defieeajthat enables you to see what is goingon at the other end of the wire. Better slough this fellow quick. If bisdevice ever gets to working we "wlBhave to have police stations and.morgue at every street corner.:Cool mornings andevenings will soon behere. Prepare for themby installing Gas HeatersWe handleTaylor Grates, ,Garland Rangesand do all kinds ofing.PARIS GfrSELECTRIC GaIncorporated.GASATTORNBY-ATLAWBlki Btuklin' - rLaMMllit3i v?-.swj. sa-A.v.v " .S-vvit n'vr i'H :- v fria-j ...:z?-:'.l?'. P"' vT.', - ,i-.' (&..'5r-rWaaTTHE BOURBON J&VVS, PAftlS, 'KK, AUGUST 2 l&l? 'c - ;V ' -SOLD QUICK!OFF!NOW GOING ON!S40 000 STOCK25 PERTO BECB3TT:i1kAtli1jit IJI'21.Every article in our immense stock will be sold at one-fourth off for CASH. We want to reduce the stock and at the sametime RAISE CASH. This big reduction is medc on everything except diamonds A rare chance to save money onWatches', Rings. Silverware, Novelties, Clocks, Bronze Statuary, Purses, Umbrellas,. n fact, everything goes in this sale. Remember you can't buy the WINTERS kind of jewelry exept at WINTERS' STORE thestore with a reputation. 'aEverything MarkedINPlain Figures!A. J. WINTERS & CO25 Per Cent Off IFORParis, Kentucky.NEWS OF MILLEBSBURG- Mr, C. C. Clarke left Monday fora few day's vacation.The Misses Rutter, of Avondale,are guests ot the Misses Redd.Miss Beaulah Peak, of FlemingsDjng, was the guest of the MissesRedd Thursday night.Mr. and Mrs. W. T. Moffett returned after a week's sojourn atGrab Orchard Springs.Millersburg was well representedat the Ewing Fair, there being alarge number present on Saturday.Mrs. Belle Taylor was taken toJ)ale Sanitarium Friday, by Dr. W. G.Dailey to be treated for rheumatism.Mr. and Mrs. T. D. Judy are visiting their daughters, Mesdames A.M. and K. R. Vaught, at Indianapolis.' Mrs. Maggie Lutz and four children, of Memphis, Tenn., arrived Friday as guests of her brother, Mr.Wnlliam Wright and family.Mrs. Anna Cummins returned tohr home, at Eminence Saturday, after a two-weeks' visit to Misses Bessie and Marf Agnes Purnell.Mrsr H. O. Collier and sister, MissMayme Dee Long, will entertain thisafternoon in honor of their sister-in-lBrftfMrs. Floyd Long, of Chicago.Mr. and Mrs. T. R. Wilson returned to their home at Robinson,Saturday, after a two-weeks' visit tohis parents, Mr. and Mrs. R. L. Wilson, Sr.Miss Agnes Wadell entertained25 of her young friends Wednesdayevening. The occasion was a delightin one for all present. Ices and' cakes were served.Mrs. Minnie Hurst and familytook in the Ewing fair during theweek, and are spending the presentweek with her parents, Mr. and Mrs.Ed. Cochran at Elizaville.Little Miss Alice McClintockgave a picture show party at PountJoy, Thursday night. The party consisted of 45 little folks. A delight! ultime was enjoyed by all of themThe Paul J. Rainey African Huntmoving pictures were displayed atMount Joy Friday night, to a largeaudience. AU of the seats were occupied and standing room was at a premium. Mr. J. B. Cray was at the bedbideof his. wife at the home of Mr. W. S.Judy, at Lexington, Friday and Saturday. Mrs. Cray is improving aiwell as could be expected.Squire and Mrs. A. C. Ball returned Thursday after a protractedvisit to their daughter and son-in-law,Mr. and Mrs. A. C. Strode, of Chester,Montana. Theyv also visited Yellomstone Park during their absence.Mrs. Mary Harris Armour, thegreat temperance lecturer of Atlanta,Ga., addressed a large audience atthe Methodist Church Sunday evening. She i a rapid speaker. Shewas here under the auspices of theW. C. T. U., and through the personalinfluence of Mrs. J. D. Redd.The nronertv of Mrs. FrankieCollins on the corner of Fifth and Mil-,ler streets, occupied by Mr. JamesCraycraft and family, and a vacantlot, was sold at public sale Saturdayafternoon, and the whole was purchased by Mr. E. D. Baldwin. Auctioneer Geo. Speakes made the sale.Mr. Baldwin will convert it into amodern residence in the near future."3LAC POPE" DEAD.LONDON, Aug. 21 A dispatch tothe Exchange Telegraph Companytrom Rome says that Father' FrancisXavier Wernz died in Rome Thursday morning almost simultaneouslywith Pope Pius.The fatal illness of Father FrancisXavier Wernz, known as the BlackPope, was diabetes, superintended byhis anxiety over the war He hadconstantly prayed tnat victory shouldrest on the Austro-German armies,but he was equally anxious as to thefate of the Jesuits in France, Germany and Austria.Father Wernz was general of theSociety of Jesus, and it is considered doubtful .whether a conclave forthe election of his successor can beheld during the war, as the provincials tf the different countries mustcome to Rome for that purpose.This would be exceedingly difficult,as they do not enjoy the same privileges as the Cardinals.A CORDIAL INVITATION.CHANCE FOR A ROMANCEA few days ago, in the course otpreparation for the noonday meal, theeditor of the News was sent to purchase a pound of butter. Upon removing the wrapper, the followingmessage was discovered written onthe underside, in pencil, in a neatfeminine" hand:"Anita Phillips, aged 18 years;weight 125 lbs.; height, 5 ft. 4 in.;dark hair; dark eyes; light complexion, always ready for a good time,answer this and receive a good letter. Address 2201 Ohestnut St., Trenton, Mo."The editor, having passed the romantic stage of life, promptly turnedthe missive over to the city editor,who, though still young and very impressionable, remained ' bomb-proofand passes it over to the tender consideration of some "Johnnie" whowants to put himself on record withthis tender young Missouri bud, whois doubtless anxiously awaiting a reply. The original is on file in this office.SOCIAL ID PERSONALLUKE McLUKE SAYSA practical demonstrator of the H.J. Heintz Co. and the National BiscuitCo. will be at our store on Thursday.The public is cordially invited. Thehours will be from 10 a. m. to 5 p. m.BALDWIN BROS.INSURANCE PAYMENT MADE.A check for 1,200, the amount ofthe insurance on her husband's life,carried in the Fraternel Union ofAmerica, has been paid over to Mrs.Henry T. Estes. Mr. Estes was amember of the Henry Clay Lodge ofParis.Cincinnati-Ensuirer.) "When a men picks up an umbrellaby mistake he never picks up a worseone than his own. 'This would be a whole lot battercountry if the Reformers would takeout enough' time to mind their ownbusiness.There isn't any great need to teachSexual Knowledge in the schools toinsure happy marriages. The way toinsure happy marriages is to teachUnselfishness in the schools.And there are only about 90 daysbetween the Love-Sick stage and theSick-of-Love stage....M 1IVIIdB H rt.8MBfc-(""'"DONTTHEp. mWALKOVERGREATSHOESALEIBig Money-Saving Opportunities at OurCash Raising Sale. Men's, Women'sand Children's High Grade Shoesat Less Than Cost Price,sThese Exeedingly Low P rices Are Prevailing.iLadies White Canvas Shoes andBaby Doll Pumps, $3.00 values, at $1.49Ladies' Patent Colt or Dull Kid,s Baby Doll Pumps, $3.50 values,at $1.99 and $1.49tLadies' Wh'te Canvas ColonialPumps,' Best Makes, $3.00 values at $1.99 and $1.49Ladies' Colonial Pumps, FrenchHeel $3.00 Values.. $1.99 and $1.49Ladies' Colonial , Pumps, miloShoes, $5.00 values. .$2.99 and $2.49.Lad'es' Kid Oxfords, $2.50 valuesat $1.49Lad'es'- Suede Button Oxfords,$5.00 values, at $1.99Ladies' Suede 2-Strap Pumps,$3.00 values, at $1.49Ladies' Gun Meta'i Oxfords, $2.00values, at ggcMen's Walk-Over Oxfords, $4.50values at $2V99Men's Tan Rubber Sole Oxfords,$4.00 values, at.- $2.49Men's Tan and BlackRubber SoleOxfords, Goodyear Welts, $4.50values, at $2.99NMen's Tan and Gun Metal EnglishLast, Shoes and Oxfords, ofthe Beacon Make, $4.50 vailues, at $3.49Men's Tan and B'lack Oxfordsand Shoes, all Lasts, of the Famous Walk-Over Make, Bestvalues, at $4.00 and $3.50Men's Tan Vici Oxfords, BroadToe, Best for Comfort, $4.00values, at $2.99Men's Oxfords and Shoes of the ""best Makes, $3.00 values $1.99Boys' Gun Metal Shoes and Oxfords, $3.00 values . .$1.99 and $1.49Misses' and Children's High Grade Shoes, Oxfords and Pumps in allleathers and styles at the lowest prices. Barefoot Sandals and OutingShoes at Sale Prices. Don't miss this moneysaving opportunity. .ID -A-1ST COHEN'S. "i ma " Greatest Shoe Store 2t i : : : 1. .- - . " -C " - 4MMr. and Mrs. Perry McCord arespending a week with relatives inFleming County.Miss Ruth Ratliff, guest of relatives in this city, has returned to herhome in Carlisle.Mr. Nelson Brown, of Indiana, isthe guest of Mr. A. P. Bryan atNorth Middletown.Mrs. Mary Hibler is visiting herdaughter-in-law, Mrs. William Hiblerand family, in Mt. Sterling.Mrs. Robt. Wilson, of California,Ky., is a guest of her mother, Mrs.Amanda Mastin, in this city.Miss Martha Miller is attendingthe K. of P. Fair in Nicholasville asthe guest of Miss Nancy Wills.Mr. James E. Keefe, of Chicago,is a guest of "his sister. Mrs. Hannah! Browner and Miss Maggie Keefe.Mr. and Mrs. P. A. Thompson andchildren leave this morning for a twoweeks' stay at Cedar Point, Ohio.Mr. Roy Collins, of Cincinnati, aformer resident of Paris, was a visitor here Sunday, the guest of friends.Miss Sarah Thompson left yesterday for a visit to her school-mateMiss Margaret Thurman, at Anchorage. Mrs. Otis Bacon, of. WichitaFalls, Texas, is the guest of Mr. andMrs. J. W. Bacon and Miss ClaraBacon.Miss Ruby Roberts, who has beena guest of friends and relatives inParis, Jias returned to her home inCarlisleMrs. Gus Riedenger and daughter,Miss, Jennie, of Paris, are guests ofthe family of Jos. Fritz, in Masoncounty.Mrs. Frederick A. Wallis has arrived from New York for a visit toher parents, Mr. and Mrs. ThomasHenry Clay.Mr. Chas. P. Mann returned Sunday night from West Baden, Ind.,where he spent two weeks for thebenefit of his health. Mr. Mann isgreatly improved by his sojourn.Messrs. Douglas Clay, IrelandDavis, John Price and Miss FrancesChampe and her1 guesty. Miss AnnMolloy, of Lexington, attended adance given by the young societyfolk of Georgetown last night.Mr. and Mrs. James W. Brannanand son, Parrish, of Cincinnati, havereturned to" their home after a visitwith Mr. and Mrs. D. C. Parrish. Theson, Parrish, remained for a longervisiting his grandparents and auntMrs. F. W. Paton.A lovely dinner party was givenat Stouf.s Cafe Sunday evening forMiss Crutcher's house party. Thosepresent were Misses Martha -Riker,Martha Sparks, Ellen Cochran, Adeline Wiseman, Elizabeth and NellCrutcher; Messrs. John Price, Douglas Clay, John Kriener, Luciea Arusparger, Reuben Hutchcraft, W. B.Tinsley and Raymond Booth.At six o'clock last night reportsfrom the bedside of Mrs. Robert C.Talbott, who was taken suddenly illFriday while on a visit to friends inLexington, indicated that she wascrticaily ill. An operation " to saveher life wa's performed Saturday, andshe is not yet fully recovered of theanaesthetics. Mrs. W. H. Whitleyand R. C. Talbott were called to herside this morning.A merry crowd who enjoyed apicnic up Stoner Saturday evening,were Misses Martha Riker, of Har-rodsburg; Martha Sparks, Mt. Vernon; Adeline Wiseman, Danville ;Augusta Rogers, Lexington: Elizabeth and Nell Crutcher; Messrs.Reuben Hutchcraft, John Kreiner,Charles Fithian, Holt Daniels, Jos.Davis, W. B. Tinsley, Sidney Ardery,John Ardery, Harmon Turner andEdgar Vansant.The beautflu home of Dr. andand Mrs. Frank Fithian, on HoustonAvenue wasthe scene of a gatheringof young congenial society people,Thursday evening. The occasion was-a dancing party given by Misses Elizabeth and Nell Grutcher, in honorof their house guests, Misses EllenCochran, of Maysville; Adeline Wiseman, of Danville; Martha Sparks, ofMt. Vernon, and Martha Riker,' ofHarrodsburg, a quartet of Kentuckybeauties.The rooms on the lower floor werethrown together for the occasion, andwith the large frpnt and side verandas furnished an ideal place forthe young folks tov dance. The housewas tastefully decorated with gardenflowers. Ices of yellow and white,and cake, were served to the guestsIgn- tables arranged .under the 'treesron xne-myn, wmen -were niumiaateaWiseman, Sparks, Riker, DorothyMulker, Versailles; Augusta Rogers,Marie Talbot, Frances Clay, MargaretGlassell, Mary Mitchell Cay, Martha."Ferguson, Mary Adams Talbott, Margaret Bean, Anna Wilson, KatherineWilson, Matilda James, ElizabethBrown, Frances Champe, Rachel Wiggins, Eleanor Clay, Elizabeth Hinton,Elizabeth Steele, ,ouise Steele,Helen Daugherty, "Carolyn Roseberry, Harriet Rogers, JuliaBronston, Mary Fithian Hutchcraft, Helen Hutchcraft, Helen Desha,Sarah Thompson, Mary Batterton,Mary Woodford and Miss Bohannan.Messrs. Harry Horton, George WhiteFithian, Sidney Ardery, Edgar Vansant, John Price, Douglas Clay, Hiram Roseberry, Frank Sledd, ReubenHutchcraft, Renick Smith, John Willie Jones, Robert Jonesr StanleyYoung, Graham Young, RaymondBooth, Ernest Darnaby, Hugh Ferguson, Harmon Turner, Duke Brown,Joseph Davis, Thomas Prichard, JohnStuart, Edward McShane, John Ardery, Ireland Davis, Edward Spears,Roy Batterton, G. C. Thompson, Alvin Thompson, Wm. M. Talbott, Chas,Fithian, Harry Brent Fithian, Fielding Rogers, Blair Varden, ScottWoodford, Brooks Woodford, HoltDaniel, Stanley Dickson, John Kriener, Lucien Arnsparger, W. B. Tinsley,Ira Thompson, Mr. Walker and Dr.C. G. Daugherty. The Chaperoneswere Mr. and Mrs. I. D. Thompson,Mrs. Chas. D. Webb, Dr. and Mrs.Frank Fithian and Miss Nellie Fithian.A CORDIAL INVITATION.A practical demonstrator of the HJ. Heintz Co., and the National Buiscuit Co. will be at our store onThursday. The public is cordially invited to attend. The hours will befrom 10 a. m . tb 5 p. m.BALDWIN BROS.STOCK if H NOTEA live stock favm. at Millersburgis reported to have bought and ship-' ped 6,000 lambs during the presentyear. The prices paid for the lambsranged from six to eight cents apound, which was not bad for thefarmers who had lambs to sell. Itmay be -remembered incidently thatKentucky could produce easily twicethe number of sheep that now arebeing raised and detibtless would doso but for the fact that the State isoverrun with o;. There is nomoney in raising dogs of the ordinarysort. The owners of such dogs wouldbe better off without them, and thewhole State would be better off ifthere were more sheep and and fewerdogs. Frankfort State Jonural.FOR RENT.The store room on Main Street recently occupied by Prichard & BallGarage. Apply to(aug4tf) PRICHARD & BALL.ftWE KEEP:8SPONGESThe little bits of Barber Sponges; the middlesize Bath Sponges; thegreat big Wagon Sponges. See that you alwayshave a good Spongearound in summer forcleaning purposes. Theuses of sponges are, endless and vary from washing the windows to bailing out the boat.The unbleached Sponges are what you want forrough'work. The lightcolored ones are bleached;the dark ones are not.We sell a good generalutility sponge for 25c.Bath sponges- from 10cup. ,99C99999.Peoples PharmacyPARIS, KY.tJDovl Building 8th and Mai a. ,-1"Watch Our Window,! ,HMMMtlMMUtMillT"A &,iug Vere present: Misses Cochran,