4 'tNEWSsS&-$?.PUBLISHED EVFBY TUESDAY AND FRIDAY IN THE YEAR&VOLUME XXXIIPARIS, KENTUCKY, FRIDAY, MARCH 20, 1914.HEALTH LEAGUEHERS OFr"I"WE KNOW HOW"i:-3THEMl II lfc14l IIMV v V 1 A V LlV b 11GTMENTS BYSCORE RETURNEDBY GRAND JURYBE UENDEDKENTUCKY QUIT IAS DAY BREAKS IBills to Number of SixtyFour Are Filed WithThe ReportsTHIRTY-NINE IN.THE LAST BATCHTwenty-Five Are In Felony,Cases News of CircuitCourtIndictments by the score were returned by the grand jury sitting atthe present term of the Bourbon Cmcuit Court, which made it sfinal report to Judge Robert L. Stout Wednesday afternoon and were finallydischarged. A total of sixty-four indictments were returned.In a report made to the court lastSaturday afternoon twenty-five indictments were returned. This waaonly a partial report, the bills beinaagainst those confined in the countyjail and who were unable to executebond. The grand jury asked for further time to continue its deliberation!which was granted by Judge Stout.Wednesday afternoon the inquisUtorial body made its final report inwhich it returned thirty-nine indictments, and asked to be discharged.Fully thirty of. the total number art!upon felony charges, while the remainder of them are against saloonmen, charged with a violation of theliquor laws in selling liquor to minors,gaming and maintaining a nuisanceYesterday the case of the CommonLawrence was indicted at last termcalled for trial, but was continued.Lawrenc was indicted at the last termof cort on the charge of killing GeoThomas, a negro, and at his trial thfjury failed to reach an agreement.Little business of importance is exvpected to be transacted during the remainder of the week.On the convening of court nextMonday morning the Commonwealthdocket will be called. There ardthirty cases to be tried and these willbe gone through with as speedily aspossible.Wednesday the case of CharlesWatson against the Standard OilCompany was called for trial. Thesuit was for the sum of $5,000 damages alleged to have been sustainedby the plaintiff, while an employe ofthe company, and driving a team ofmules attached to a coal oil wagon,was backed over an embankment,near this city. At a former trial theplaintiff was awarded damages, andthe case was carried to 'the Court ofAppeals and the decision of the lowercourt reversed. The case was triedWednesday resulting in a verdict forthe defendant company in the sum of$150. 'The suit of H. Margolen against theKentucky Traction and TerminalCompany which was set for trialWednesday was compromised out ofcourt. Mr. Margolen had sued thcfTraction Company for a cow whichwas killed by an interurban car.Counsel for James J. Curtis, indicted by the grand jury setting duringthe present term of Circuit Court, ona charge of murder, appeared incourt Tuesday and made a motion forbaiKfor the defendant, and JudgeStout fixed his bond at $5,000, whichhe executed and was released fromcustody. Curtis has been confined hithe county jail since the examiningtrial held in the county court on thecharge of shooting Reuben Henderson, a negro, in his saloon on Tenthstreet on the niglil of February 13.Curtis was in poor health and sincahis incarceration has failed rapidly.INTO THE GOUNTYRapid Strides Are BeingMade By the Local OrganizationMIDDLETOWN NOWHAS A BRANCH(,Meeting Held Yesterday Results In Enrollment of 20MembersWith the organization of a Healthand Welfare League m this city,those who have interested themselvesin the movement are extending theorganization to all points in thecounty, and rapid strides toward thebetterment of the health of the county at large are the result. Not onlyis the interest in the city and themembership of the local league incresasing beyond expectations of themost sanguine and the movement outside the city promises to be of equalinterest.Upon the invitation of a number ofthe public spirited citzens of NorthMiddletown, Miss Emma Hunt, thevisiting anti-tuberculosis nurse, accompanied by two members of thelocal league, went to North Middletown yesterday with a view of organizing a branch of the league.Despite the inclement weather anumber of ladies and several gentlemen of that hospitable and enterprising community, greeted the committee in the parlors of the beautifulnew Chrisftan church.Miss Hunt, who has had charge ofthe work in this city, addressed thjmeeting, telling in detail of the workand its need and of the great importance of a thorough organization foreducational purposes.After a thorough discussion of allthe matters brought before the meet"ing a league was organized with" thefollowing officers:President Mrs. John Christopher.Vice President Miss Lillie Williams. Secretary and Treasurer Mrs. W.K. Hagan.Before the close of the meetinUtwenty members were enrolled. Thelocal lodge hopes the example of thlpeople of North Middletown will bemulated and that this is but a beginning of a number of branch organizations all over the county.AT MILLERSBURG TO-DAY.Miss Emma Hunt, who has beenhere for several weeks in the interest of the Healthy and Welfare Leagueaccompanied by Mrs. J. T. Vansantand other members of the localleague, will go to Millersburg to-day,where they will' meet the citizens ofthat place in the effort to interestthem in the organization of a branchof the Paris Health and WelfareLeague. The, meeting will be heldthis afternoon at 1:30 o'clock in theparlors of the Methodis Church, andan invitatidn has been extended to allto attend.Closing Day For AssemblyA fSusy One For BothBranchesMANY BILLS LEFTIN THE SCRAP HEAPsZThe State Wfde ProhibitionBill Buried Among ManyOthersFRANKFORT, KY., March 19.With the hands of the clock turnedback to midnight, the General Asseimbly of Kentucky adjourned sine diaabout 5 o'clock Wednesday morning,the last hours of both houses beingconsumed' in the enrolling of bills.The final day of the session was abusy one for both Iiouses, and whenthe adjournment was taken a numberof measurers were left in the scrapheap, including the State-wide prohibition bill, the revenue and taxationbill, the anti-pass bill, the Finn railroad bill, the State Boxing Commission bill, the Panama-Pacific Exposition bill, the measure placing the express companies under the jurisdiction of the State Railroad Commission, the so-called "redlight bill," andmany other measures of minor importance. During the day and night the Assembly had passed, among othermeasures, the Knight workmen's compensation bill, the measure submitting the tax amendment and convictlabor amendments to the constitutionto he people of the next election; theHamilton reinsurance bill; the Speerbill, abolishing lump appropriationsto public institutions and forcingthem to report monthly to the Auditorin detail, giving vouchers for all ofthe expenditures, and the two and .ahair-cent fare billrIn the Senate the feature of theday's sessions were the failure of theadvocates of the State-wide prohibition bill, tb bring up that mesaure forpassage, a motion of Senator Frost tosuspend the rules 'and take the billout ot the hands of the Rules Committee being tabled by a vote of 18 to 15,and the defeat of the revenue andtaxation measure' by a vote of 2 to13, after it had been amended to suchan extent that it was evident Itwould have no chance if sent back tothe House for concurrence.The advocates of good roads won fsignal victory in the Senate by thopassage of the McDyer-Bosworth billproviding for a five-cent tax levy toaid counties in the construction ofpublic roads and making effective thoState aid amendment. The bill nowgoes to the Governor. tThe Tunis Child Labor Bill, providing that in first, second and thirdclass cities no person under 21 yearsshall be employed as messengar ordelivery boys at nignt and mat noboy under 14 shall be employed tosell newspapers or do other streetstreet work, passed the Legislature.NEGRO WANTED IN CYNTHIANAARRESTED IN THIS CITY.KENTUCKY GIRLSis Li L EJIeJBEiH1L.Lvuhr nrniSIIsr nDistinguished For BraveryIn .the Wellesley CollegeFireKentucky girls distinguished themselves for bravery and self-controlwhen at five o'clock -Tuesday morningthey were forced to flee for theirlives from a fire that destroyed College Hall, the oldest of the Wellesley College buildings, at Welle3ley,Mass.Among the heroines of the fire areEdith Bain, Lexington; Mary K.Giles, Anchorage.; Myram Hagemyer, "Butler; Mabel Hagemeyer, Butler; Helen Hutchcraft, Paris, and Ev-Ne&rly all of the 250 students, fifty faculty members and fifty maidsliviag im tb 4ormkry , lot al l.oflosses of tke tudet are estimatedat $!&,&. Tk average loss "inBill Smith, a negro, wanted in Cynthiana, was arrested here last nightby Patrplman J. W. King, as he alighted from a train at the Louisville &Nashville passenger depot. He willbe held awaiting the arrival of theCynthiana authorities.Late yesterday afternoon Patrolman King received a mesage fromCynthiana, that the negro, who 'iswanted to complete a sentence in theCynthiana jail, was headed for thiscity. He was given a description andgoing to the depot placed the negrounder arrest. Smith escaped frontthe Cynthiana authorities more thana year ago and has since been atlarge.BECKHAM'S SPEECH ISPUBLISHED IN FULL.The opening speech of former Governor J. C. W. Beckham, delivered atEli7abetlitown Monday, is publishedin full in this issue of The News, be'gnning on page three. -gowns, bric-a.-brac books and pictures was $500. The loss to "the college is placed at ?800,000.Louis K. Morse, treasurer of theBoard of Trustees, said that the college would recover perhaps $600,000of its loss through insurance.To perfect discipline, coolness andbravery on. the part of the inmates ofthe hall the college authorities atribute the escape of all without injury. As the fire burned its waydownward from the laboratory in thefourth story, where the fire stared,the girls worked like Trojans, awakening sleeping women and guidingthem put of the building. They succeeded in saving most of the officialrecords of the college.- Many valu'able statues and paintings "were destroyed. "SHOT IN1BAGK ,SERIOUSLY HITJames Lykens, In The ParisHospital, Suffers FromUgly WoundJames Lykins, an employe of a construction firm on the Louisville andNashville railroad, was brought to theMassie Memorial Hospital Wednesdaysuffering from a bullet wound in the?.j?, Spring StylesIn TheDunlap and StetsonJLJLcll'5Now Ready for Your Inspection .Soft Hats in all the new shapes and colors;Stiff Mats in the right shapes tobecome the man.&ysManhattan and Wilson Bros7.Spring Shirtst "r .i2Mere in an endless variety of patterns and s xtcolors Come in and make your seleotions while the lines aret.irv-. -. 4 S "complete.$$?- 4ViMitchell & Blakemore,The Store for Men's StylesParis, KentuckymliwiiiniuimiHwnmiimiiiiiiiiuiiiuiriiu OkI FRANK & CO;, . The Store Where Reliability Reigns.9WT.-'Invite Your Inspection-s-3533,0F.New Spring SuitsLadies', Misses' and Girls'.mScSc3SVback and underwent an operation"Wednesday night.The details of the shooting arovery meager, and it is not known whotired the shot. It is supposed that itwas an accident, as several men engaged in the construction work nearShawhan are in the habit of amusingthemslyes with target practice andLykens received the shot in the back.The accident occurred about noon 'and he was brought to the local hos-pital on the afternoon train. An ex-Janimation of his injuries was made,and his attending physicians were un-'able to determine the extent Wednesday night Drs. Fithian and Daugherty performed the operation.It was found that the bullet hadpassed entirely through the left kidney, but there were no evidence oSany perforations in the intestines.A report from the hospital lastnight was to the effect that the injured man was .getting along as weiras c5uld be expected,' although 'hisLykins came here from Virginia.3 inV New Spring CoatsLadies', Misses' and Childrens.'.New Spring Silk Dresses2 Taffeta, Charmeuse and Crepe.- ' New Spring Wool Dresses,Crepes, Serges and Ratines.Silks, Wash Goods and Woolen fabricsof every description, with suitoble trimmings.Separate Skirts,- . - v Rain Coats, y, 7:x;Crcpe and Net Waists, "'- ;: T:J '-r ' Wash Waists.1 1 FRANK Sl CO.,mniHiniiiiriimiijriMiiitt 'to$$Wffiffl!l!!ft&ffiWAAJTHE feOURBON NEWS, PARIS. KENZUCKMARCH 20, 191jOT -' A.- t-44i;A Perfect WomanTo Warn, to Comfort and Command39jNature never intended woman to be delicate, ailing, or a sufferer fromnerves." Women in middle age complain of "hot flashes." Many-women suffer needlessly from girlhood to womanhood, and from motherhood to middle life, with backache, or headache, dizziness, faintness, orabearingndown sensations. For a permanent relief from these distressingsymptoms nothing is so good asDR. PIERCE'SFAVORITE PRESCRIPTION2K a soothing and strengthening nerimto: allays and subdues nervous excitability,Srctability, nervous exhaustion, and other4&Etressing symptoms commonly attendantmpoa. functional and organic diseases of thefeminine organs. It induces refreshing sleepv asd relieves mental anxiety and despondency.Dr. Pierce's Pleasant Pellets regulate and invigoratestomach, liver and bowels. Sugar-coated, tiny granules.A MODERN HOMETo Be Complete Should be Equipped With AH ModernConveniences. Foremost Among These is theCentral EnergyHome Telephone.Use it for Business or Pleasure It's Always Ready.Fire Minutes Initial Period onLONG DISTANCE MESSAGESH Paris Rome Celepbone ana CcKgrapb Co.(Incorporated)BourbonDWIS & FUNK, Props.Telephone No. 4. West 5 Street$BourbonParis Kentucky.GEO, W. DAVISFUNERAL DIRECTOR AND LICENSED E1BALMER.BOTH'PHONES DAI 137; NIGHT 399.Are You a Woman?nCarduiTin Woman's TonicSALE AT ALL DR06OSTSF4Professional CardsOr. Wm. Kenoey,PARIS, KENTUCKY.'Office 514 Main Street.-Mlce Pkone 5 ! ?U.U1UU xoo.J E. T. 334.i Home 334.neeYB- A. H KELIiEB,MJ Pkactioing Physioiaw,3Mee, Rooms 4 and 5, Elk's Bid gFacia - - Kentuokjj. whjTjIams,ATTORNBY-AT-LAW.I Elks fitxildine.Smh' v girl a,rI food kaiktrchif4. ske k wJUikg to cry all the time.Nobly PlannedThe "Favorite Prescription"is known everywhere and for over 40 years asthe standard remedy for the diseases ofwomen. Your dealer in medicines sells it inliquid or tablet form; or you can send 50 onecent stamps for a trial box of Dr. Pierce'sFavorite Prescription tablets. Address Dr.Pierce, Invalids Hotel, Buffalo. N. Y.(-LaundryWe Take Pleasure.in "oing up the finest shirtwaists or anything in thelaundry line. That is whaymade ihe Bourbon Lanndrtfamous fo- fine work and itdever goes bnck on its reputation. If you are particularabout how your linen islaundered, your custom is thekind we want as we like toappreciateeiLaundry,Coldsshould be "nipped in thebud", for if allowed to rununchecked, serious resultsmay follow. Numerouscases of consumption, pneumonia, and other fatal diseases, can be traced back toa cold. At the first sign of acold, protect yourself bythoroughly cleansing yoursystem with a few doses ofTHEDFORO'Sthe old reliable, vegetableliver powder.Mr. Chas. A. Ragland, oMadison Heights, Va., says:"I have been using Thedford's Black-Draught forstomach troubles, indigestion, and colds, and find it tobe the very best medicine Iever used. It makes an oldman feel like a young one."Insist on Thedford's, theoriginal and genuine. E -67Any man would rather have a sillybirl who la pretty tkaa a clever 'girlwho is homely.The Bourbon NewsEstablished 1881 32 Years of Continouous Publication.SWIFT CHAMP, Editor and Owner.(Entered at the .Paris, Kentucky,Postoffice as Mail Matter of theSecond Class.)One Year $2.00 Six Months. $1.00Payable in Advance.Published Every Tuesday and FridayADVERTISING RATESDisplay Advertisements, $1.00 perinch for first time; 50 pents per incheach subsequent instertion.Reading Notices, 10 cents per lineeach issue; reading notices in blacktype, 20 cents per line, each issue.Cards of thanks, calls on candidates, obituaries and resolutions, andsimilar matter, 10 cents per line.Special rates for large advertisemnts and yearly contracts.The right of publisher is reservedto decline any advertisement or othermatter offered for publication.Space is a newspaper's stock intrade and source of revenue.TAKES OFF DANDRUFF 'HAIR STOPS FALLINGGirls! Try This! Makes Your HairThick, Glossy, Fluffy, BeautifulWithin ten minutes after an application of Danderine you cannot finda single trace of dandruff or fallinghair and your scalp will not itch, butwhat will please you most ' will beafter a few weeks' use, when you seenew hair, fine and downy at firstyes but really new hair growing allover the scalp.A little Danderine immediatelydoubles the beauty of your hair. Nodifference how dull, faded, brittle andscraggy, just moisten a cloth withDanderine and carefully draw itthrough your hair, taking one smallstrand at a time. The effect is amazingyour hair will be light, fluffy andwavyp, and have an appearance ofabundance; an incomparable lustre,softness and luxuriance.Get a 25 cent bottle of Knowlton'sDanderine from any drug store ortoilet counter, and prove that yourhair is as pretty and as soft as anythat it has been neglected or injuredyou surely can have beautiful hairand lot's of it if you will just try alittle Danderine.(adv)Best methods of benefiting childworkers were discussed at the tenthuralist and oceanographer, was killedence in New Orleans."CASCARETS" RELIEVESICK, SOUR STOMACHMove Acids, Gases and CloggedWaste from Liver and BowelsGet a ten cent box now.That awful sourness, belching ofacid and foul gase3; that pain intehpit of the stomach, the heartburn,eating, dizziness and sick headache,meansf a disordered stomach, whichcannot be regulated until you remove the cause. It isn't your stomach's fault. Your stomach is asgood as any.Try Cascarets; they Immddiatelycleanse the stomach, remove the sourundigested and fermenting food andfoul gases; take the excess bile fromthe liver and carry off the constipatedwaste matter and poison from thebowels. Then your stomach troubleis ended. A Cascaret tonight willstraighten you out by morning a10-cent box from any drug store willkeep your stomach sweet, liver andforget the children their little insides need a good, gentle cleansing,too. (adv)Sir John Murray, the noted naturalist and oceanographer, wis killednear his home, Wardle, England,when his automobile turned over.According to the National Zeitung,the Crown Prosecutor of Germanyhas begun the prosecution of severalfaith healers in connection with thedeath of two prominent actresses.FIRST CLASS SERVICE ATFREEMAN'S BARBER SHOP.Having engaged the service of LouisLivers, an experienced barber, I amnow prepared to handle my trade andgive the most thorough satisfaction.Give me a call and be convinced.BUCK FREEMAN.THIS STOMACH REMEDYHELPS YOUR FRIENDSperson comes into our store and tellsus of the benefits received from theuse of Rexall, Dyspepsia Tablets.Knowing how much good they havedone others, and knowing what theyare made of, we feel sure they willhelp you. So great is our faith inthem that we urge you to try thementirely at our risk, without personalpromise that if they don't do all youexpect them to do and make yourstomach comfortable and healthy andyour digestion easy, we'll hand yourmoney back.We couldn't endorse anything morestrongly than we do Rexall Dyspepsia Tablets. Containing Pepsin andBismuth, two of the greatest digestive aids known to medical science,they soothe the stomach, checkheartburn and distress, promote anatural flow af the gastric juice andhelp regulate the bowels. Remember, if they don't make your digestionso easy and comfortable that youeat whatever you like, we want youto come back and tell us and getyoun money back. Sold only at themore than 7,000 Rexall Stores, and inthis town only at our store. Three,sixes; 25c., 50c. and Sl.00.7G. S. Var-den-.Co. ': . i , , '', ' (adv)ISN'T HE SOME PATRIOT?- (WalUStreet Journal)"Not a suggestion of mining interestin Senator Fall's desire for interventon. Pure philanthropy just oozes outof it.COUNTING THE COST.Thereason some men do notwed isbecause they look around and see theunhappy consequences. The lovingbride soon wanes. She does notmake the effort to keep love that shemade to win it. Hubby plays a minorpart in her life. He is treated withkindly tolerance because he pays thebills. Some men, after counting thecost, draw a happy conclusion--nestledown to bachelorhood and smoketheir pipe in peace.BILEIs NATURE'SDisinfectant.KaletM that ssmmed-up B1I ani mutet your Ills are relieved. MellyceddlLaxatives 4 nst touch tha LIVER.Fodophyllln (Way Appla Kaat) i.PoDoLsx is PedophyUIn with tha friyataken ant.Thmn TiyFor Sale by All Druggists.OUGHT TO INTEREST T. R.(Springfield Republican.)Coffee drinkers will be relieved toknow that the disturbances in Brazilhave not affected their favorite beverage. "TIZ" EASES TIRED,SORE, SWOLLEN FEETJust take your shoes off and thenput those weary, shoe-crinkled, aching, burning, corn-pestered, buniontortured feet of yours in a "TIZ" bath.Your toes willwriggle with joy;they'll look upAt you and almost talk andt-h e n they'lltake anotherdive in that"TIZ" bath.When yourfeet feel alltired out justtry "TIZ." It'sgrand Your feet will dance with joy;no more pain in corns, callouses andbunions. There's nothing like "TIZ."It's the only remedy that draws outall the poisonous exudations whichpuff up your feet and cause foot torture. Get a 25 cent box of "TIZ" at anydrug or department store don't wait.Ah! how glad your feet get; how comfortable your shoes feel. You canwear shoes a size smaller if you desire. (No. 3-fri)Dots of girls know that the prettiest apple isn't the sweetest.VERY LOW RATESTO THE WESTThe Missouri Pacific is preparing tohandle a heavy colonist movementto the West and the Northwest thisspring. An unusually low rate is being made; tickets sold March 15th toApril 15th inclusive. Write todayfor leaflet containing full informationregarding rates, routes and throughtourist sleeping cars and through freechair car service. Address J. A. Steltenkamp, G. A. P. D., Hotel Gibson,Cincinnati, O.LOSING HOPEWOMAN VERY ILLFinally Restored To HealthBy Lydia E. Pinkham'sVegetable Compound.Bellevne, Ohio. "was in a terriblestate before I took Lydia E. Pinkham'sVegetable Compound. My backached until I thoughtit would break, I hadpains all over me,nervous feelings andperiodic troubles. Iwas very weak andrun down and waslosing hope of everbeing well andstrong. After taking Lydia E. Pink-ham's Vegetable Compound I improvedrapidly and today am a well woman. Xcannot tell you how happy I feel and Icannot say too much for your Compound.Would not be without it in the house ifit cost three times the amount." Mrs.Chas. Chapman, R. P. D. No. 7, Beljevue, Ohio.Woman's Precious Gift.The one which she should most zealously guard, is her health, but it isthe one most often neglected, untilsome ailment peculiar to her sex has(fastened itself upon her. When so affected such women may rely upon LydiaE. Pinkham's Vegetable Compound, aremedy that has been wonderfully successful in restoring health to sufferingwomen.If you haT6 the slightest db"ubtthat Lydia E. Pinkham's Vegetable Compound will help you, writeto Lydia E.Pinkham MedicincCov(confidential) Lymn,Mas., for adTioe. Your letter will Deepened,read amd .answered by a woaiaa,aad held in strictBBBBBBT7 .Jfimproperment fromdigestive organs,fifty would fully realizeI VjW53r rI ptvment in Scott's Emulsion they woald take it after erery meLScott's Emulsion contains the renowned body-building fats ofpure cod liver oil, so medically predigested that it distributes energy,power and strength all thru the body and simplifies the stomach's work!To people in declining years we say with unmistakable earnestnessScott's Emulsion will add years to your life and life to your years.AVOID ALCOHOLIC SUBSTITUTES 13-83BjBBHHHHaaBMHpMgHHfjnBHMBBivaamBaMJ'"'iHMHiHBaiiBMBHBHIIHHBaHaaaBlBIIHIBHt New Year'sThoughtful consumers of FUEL will resolve to obtain the highesteff iciency for theirmoney during the year to come. This meansthat they will useJox Siidge Coaiy"THE FUELWITHOUT A FAULT'Dodson & DentonThe Home ofGood CoalYards, South Main St. Both Phones 1 40afjtoosafcCjtoi i t3gggabBUCK FREEMANFirst- Class Barber Shop., .Three Expert Artists; NoWaits.Hot and ColdBaths.Main t. - Opp. Court HouseTry Buck's Coal Oil Shampoo.MaiMopWindsor Hotel.Modern Equipment.Polite Service.Everything Sanitary.Children's Work a Specialty. ,CARL CRAWFORDINSURANCEAGAINSTf IRE, WINDandLIGHTNINGW. 0. HINT0N,AGENT.For Old. Strong, Reliable,Prompt-Paying Companies, seeme.H. M. HamiltonVeterinarianOffice, Butlers Drug Store Phones261.Residence, E. T. 546; Jlome, 449.Paris, Ky.(10feb-2mo)per - FM Lcent, woo to $100 owW. KING & SON,512 Cheapslde. lexlnston. KvFOR SALE.Baled Hay.A. B. HANCOCK.Home Phone 560,Cumberland Phone 783.(13-6t)For RentmHouse of four rooms, kitchen, bath,pantry-, hot and' cold water, large garden, and fruit trees; located om HigPgins ATenue. Apply toMRS. JOHN CAIN, SK.Aged Peoplesometimes forget that poor taetk asdmastication prereat suflcktorisa.ordinary food amd bardem thbut if every man or wnui n.fthe bountiful, anataiaisr BeoriiResolutionsOUR BEST OFFER!The Biggest Comb'nation Bargain ofStandard Publications EverOfferedHERE IS THE OFFER:The Bourbon News.l year, $2.90.The Weekly Enquirer, 1 year, $1.00Farm and Fireside, semi-monthly, 1year, .50 cents.Household Journal and Floral Life,monthly, 1 year, .50 cents.Poultry Husbandry, monthly, 1year, .50 cents.To-Days Magazine, monthly, 1year, .50 cents.Our Special Bargain Price forall Six, Each One Year, $2.75.We consider this the biggest andbest bargain we have ever been ableto offer our readers. Our own publication heads the list. The other fivehave millions of readers and are towell-known to need a further introduction. Please remember that our contractwith the publishers is limited andthis offer may be withdrawn at anytime. Take abvantage now while theopportunity is yours and you will notregret the investment. If you arealready a subscriber to any of theabove your subscription will be extended one year from the time it expires. Call or mail orders toTHE BOURBON NEWS,Paris, Ky.PILES! PILES! PILES!WILLIAMS' INDIAN PILE OINTME?Will cure Blind, Bleeding and Itching PtiIt absorbs the tumors, allays Itching at oh 'sets as a poultice, gives instant relief.For sale by aU druggists, mail 50c and StWKJLIAM5 MFG. CO., Props., Cleveland, OtPL. Oberdorfer, Druggist, Paris, KyMrs. J. H. Fflhrman'sMassage andCucumber CreamOn Sale atYarden's Drue StoreCANCER CUREDI guarantee every case I im idertake; 20 years practice; rtference, any citizen of Paris. $DR. WM. R. SMITH, I-Parl, Ky.1f I0UKB0N FOULTftY CJJtfdown a chick's throat curerapes. A f eir drops ia tfcedrinking water cures aaprevents cholera, diarrboeftand other chick disease. OaeKta bottle aaakss a raltawonedlciae At all druggiets.Sample a4 besttct oa7aes TvwW scat Y9X-iUr.Ft U by W. T. feekafS "JPtE fOUR-N 20. ,1914-parwttCM-A-S5SitV6i'.-ati3S?r-I rCATARRH OFIs Liable !o ProdieeCLARENCE BOWMAN.A Case of Catarrhal Deafness.Mrs. Wm. Bowman, R. F. D. 1, Coonlipids, Iowa, writes:"Borne time ago I wrote you aboutmy "little boy, Clarence, five years ofEge. He was troubled with his ears.They were .very sensitive to the touch,and he was quite deaf at times. Heseemed to be orse after catchingcold. I had taken him to doctors, butthey did not seem to be able to relievehim, and I was -very much afraid hewonld lose his Shearing entirely. Hewas getting: more deaf every day."I wrote to you for advice, and youprescribed Peruna. I began giving itto him, and can now say that he isentirely cured. He is now well andhearty and can hear perfectly."Catarrh Causes Many Diseases,ilany diseases are caused by takingcold. A cold is very likely to settleIn the nose, causing nasal catarrh.It may settle in the upper part of the Jthroat, called the nasal pharyngealspace. In this space are two little!lubes called eustachian tubes, that.'ead to the middle ear.If the catarrh settles in the pharyngeal space it may follow the mucousnembrane through the eustachian;ubes into the middle ear. If it doest will cause noises in the ear, and,ater on be sure to cause deafness.Catarrh of the throat may followhe eustachian tubes up into the mid-He ear without causing much concernci the part of the patient. The par-TOBACCOmI::COTTONALL GRADEAt Lowest PricesTwin Bros.Seventh and Main Sts., Paris, Ky.m ilfeftw MMpPll IIIrHfl JUllffll Liw jtii iff irfl'lli jhftiIt's Daddy Talking"T TUSH, children; it's daddy talking."Xj "Yes Jim' we are a11 we anc thechildren have been real good. Howhave you been? Coming home tonight?That's fine! It will be good to see you."Thebusiness man who is obliged to beaway from. home brings joy to the familycircle by cheery words over the long distance Bell Telephone which keeps himalways in touch with home conditions..i!When You Telephone SmileCumberland . Telephoneand Telegraph CompanyfurINCORPORATED.;122 SOUTH PRYOR!STRE ET, ATLANTA, GEORGIA.,- fTn ; w- yfv -fr vlr?i"-if4;THE THROATCatarrhal Deafnesstial loss of hearing is apt to be overlooked. A person may lose half hishearing before he knows it.For instance, suppose a" man canhear hi3 watch four feet from, the ear.If he loses his hearing to the extentthat he can only hear the tick of hiswatch two feet Jfrom the ear he maynot suspect It at all. His hearing 13good enough for ordinary purposes.He coes on. without the slightest suspicion that he is losing his hearing.He may have ringing In the ear, .orcracking and snapping sounds In theear, or a feeling of pressure in theear, but' he is not aware that he Islosing his hearing.Testing the, Hearing.It is a good thing to test your hearing with a watch. First hold thewatch against your ear, then move itgradually away from the ear and seehow Ear away from the watch youcan actually hear it tick. Try it onthe other side and see if bpth earsare alike. If you find that you areunable to hear the watch on both sidesalike and at a distance of four feetfrom the ear, you may know thatdeafness has already begun. Youshould begin taking Peruna at once.Gargle the throat with cold, strongsalt water, as directed in the "Ills ofLife," sent free by Peruna Co., Columbus, Ohio. Persist in this treatment until a cure is effected.The Best Way to Gargle.Sometimes catarrh of the nasalpharyngeal space will cause an accumulation of secretions in the throat,that completely fill the space. Unlessthese secretions are promptly removed by frequent gargling polypimay be formed. Once formed thepolypi or adenoids, as they are sometimes called, will require a long timewith the gargling to remove. Gargling according to the proper methodwill sometimes remove polypi or adenoids, and no surgical operation isrequired.In order to understand exactly whatis meant by proper gargling send fora free copy of the "Ills of Life."During the whole course of garglingPeruna must be taken according todirections on the bottle.People who object to liquid medi-j-cines an now obtain Peruna Tablet.AiSftftftftsftsftftBhi Sty,( ( Mm nWFETASlffiufclSkirts Continue NarrowHeels Despite Pleats andDraperyatSEASONABLE GOODSFOR LITTLE FOLKSNEW YORK, March 19.Seasons are no longer divided; nowvinter merges into spring and springinto summer before we realize thatthe change has taken place. Wehasten to catch, up, wondering how itis possible we could have been caughtnapping when the stores are showingsuch a varions array of clothes forevery passing day and week.The shops, realizing the insistentdemand for taffeta, have availedthemselves of the opportunity of supplying it in all its phases, widths andqualities. The demand has been sogreat that even America has forcedthe recognition of France by the finequality of the American taffeta, and"many of the leading French couturiers have bought large quantitiesfrom the American manufacturers,creating an entirely new state of affairs. Up to a very recent time theFrench and Italian mills have excelled us by far.payVSm' Ic;jUcCau,,A Frock of Japanese Blue Golf CordWith Pleateq Frills of Silk to Edgethe Double Tunic.Moire taffeta is even more attractive than the plain fabric, for it hasan additional sheen which is alluring.An attractve feature of taffeta frocksis that they really need but very little trimming. Except for a. little laceat the neck, many of the pretties ofat the neck, many of the prettiest ofthe Parisian frocks depend entirelyupon the cut and drapings.Among the new fabrics, which include cotton duvetyne, novelty epongeand goliine, there is another materialclosely allie dto the last-mentionedmaterial. It is called golf cord. Ithas a crepe background, with a chenile cord woven so that it stands upon the goods as though it might havebeen put on after the material hasbeen woven. The gown which Ichose for my first illustration is developed in this charming material inJapanese bHue. The surplice waistfronts have long ends attachedwhich tie at the back in a high orlow line, according to the line mostbecomng. A dainty frill of organdyfinishes the neck. The tunics of theskirt are edged with a narrow boxpleated frill of plain blue. The hatworn with this dress is made entirelyof blue-and-white striped silk. Thehigh-standing bow and roll of thenarrow brim are its particularlysmart features.Somber-colored frocks are enlivened by collars and girdles of somestriking but harmonious contrastingsilk or ribbon. An example of thismethod of making a gown attractiveis shown in my other illustration,which shows a smart taupe sergeebolero suit. The short coat showsthe blouse at the waistline, and at theneck the collar of the waist rolls outupon the collar of purple-and-whitechecked silk. The cuffs and widesash girdle are also of this same silkThe charming tricorne which completes this costume is made of pur-ple-and-whitetstraw, with black-and-whitefancy feathers standing upstiffly at each indentation.A strife goes on between the pleated skirt and the draped skirt. Atre.t the drapery seems to . havescored the greatest number ofe points.AGI TAFFETAStyfrefone hasHhe'wide'.drkyery atthe hips,while the other shows the drapery inthe back which simulates the bustle.The skirts; continue in both casesnarrow at the ankles, and the onlyplain ones are those of 4 the tailoredvariety. Pleated skirts' are beingseen, especially .below tunics and panniers. They are so closely knife- oraccordeon-pleated that they clingtightly and do not change the silhouette, but they have the advantageover the other tight skirts that theyyield gracefully to every step.The waistline is a feature of greatimportance. For dresses it is moreoften seen normal or high, but oncoats it is apt to continue low, withbroad belts. Each dressmaker ofgreat reputation strives to establishher own particular idea. For instance Paquin uses a high waistline,and it is a line, never by any chancecan it be called anything else whileCheruit, another dressmaker of international reputation, hides thewaistline under a surplice girdle or a inarrow belt of the same material asthe gown. . Premet favors the' loosewaist and Callot the extremely long-waisted moyen-age frocks.With the breath of spring in theair thoughts of mothers are naturallyturning toward the dainty garmenfor the younger generation. Shopsare showing the usual display ofspring fabrics, and among them isgolfine, which I have spoken of before. It was created by that greatestof weavers, Rodier, who has given tothe fashionable world such fabrics asvelour de laine, ratine, and that unwhich captured Paris and then America by its Soft beauty if not by itsably be used this season for olderpeople, and as a matter of course forchildren. It resembles cotton corduroy. There are also numerous fineweaves of linen which hold a strongplace in, young, people's wordrobes,where serviceability as well as beauty is a consideration. Materials arebeing used which have a dainty flowered design resembling the DollyVarden materials of our mother'sday, when the same long-shoulderedeffect was so popular. Right here Imust not forget to say that a recentopening in Paris, given by an established dressmaking firm, pantalettes were a feature!McCiiATaupe Serge Wth Purple or WhiteSilk Makes' a Charming Bolero'Suit.Sheer linen, is a very dainty material for the little girl's "bestfrock, for parties and the dancingschool. These are especially prettytrimmed with Irish crochet and handembroidery. Irish crochet is also being used for taffeta frocks for thelittle girl, of pink, white and blue.This is not a material to be recommended except for the little girlwhose wardrobe is extensive.Children's frocks retain the simplicity of seasons past. What issuitable has been taken from adultfashions and simplified for children'swear in many clever ways.Ball fringe and crochet buttons areattractive trimming for children'sdresses, while many of the strikingprinted materials in English linenand the imported eponge are usedeffectively for collar, cuffs and belt.AH belts are eccentric at present,and' the little folks' dresses do not escape this tendency. In fact, themuch-needed variety is often givento children's frocks by the smart gir-J die of quaint design and cut placedat the right line.HHHHalHLIOne application soothes and heals a roughfllTTlTl.l!T ol urK.np.n.nr.H nillf! lvffr.4-a cure. Eczema. Ervsipeias. Tetter. Ulcers andall skin dfseases yield to its curative properties.50c a box. At all Druzsisis.Send for free sampie anl hooV. "Henlth and Betuty.'JOHNSTON. IIOLLOWAY &CO.,2730 Sprlnz Cardon i.t., PhHa., Pa.They are .divided: irffo .two1 nil nraKriliBftftYmiflftftftTvtP rwr4feuminiaiwUitU'.W.HHnVSSEH1S!'iiiiii;i:!"HttnPiSK !SJ;;:;;!!!!!iravfrvffM99M9ammmiaK"rflJft$04MoreVEconomicalBoth in Useand CostCALUMETBAKING POWDERAnd it doesbetter work. Simply follow your customary method of preparation add a littleless of Calumet thanwhen using ordinarybaking powder. Thenwatch the result.Light, fluffy, and evenly raised the bakingcomes from the ovenmore tempting, tastier,more wholesome.Calumet insures thebaking of an expert. Askyour grocer todajReceivedHighestAwardsl,NiGNOTMACCBfn-TVWorld's PareFood Exposition, Chicago,Illinois.Paris Exposi-tfei, Francs,(,1912.VtJLWtSoKOCHICAO-Yo &on't (are aeney w&ea yon buy cieap or bis-eta jbalds powder. Don't be misled. BayCilaaeL It'alsure economical taore wholesome jive best reidts.UUsmet u xar superior to soar bus and soda.This wtmld be a great world if wecould sleep as soundly when we go tobed a9 we do when we have to getup.KENTUCKY TRACTION & TERM'1NAL COMPANY.Interurban Schedule.Leave LexingtonFor ParisLeave Parisfor Lexington6:45 a m7:30 a m8:15 am9:00 a-m9:45 am11:15 a m12:45 p m2:i5,p. m3:45 p m4:30 p m5:15' p m6:05 p m6:50 p m8:15 p m6.uu a m7:20 a m8:00 a m8:50 a m10:20 -am11:50 a m1:20 p m" '. 2:50 q. nit3:30 p m4:20 p m "5:00 p m '6:00 p m7:20 p m9:10 p m11:00 p mDaily except Sunday.10:05 p mSpecial Rates S' Excursions.Round trip Winter Tourists to. allprincipal winter resorts in Alabama,Florida, Georgia, Louisiana, Mississippi, South' Carolina and Havana,Cuba, on sale daily Oct. 1, 1913, untilApril 30, 1914, with final limit May 31,1914; also to principal winter resortsin Texas and New Mexico, on saledally Nov. 1, 1913, to April 30, 1914,with final limit May 31, 1914. Liberalstopovers allowed on all winter tourist tickets. Also 'low round tripHomeseekers' tickets to points in Alabma, Florida, Louisiana, Mississippi,on sale first and third Tuesdays ineach month, final limit 25 days fromdate of sale. Stop-overs allowed inHomeseekers' territory. F,or furtherinformation call on or address, k W." H. HARRIsrAgent. -''"' ' -? T. Ki SMITH, TV A.9fflAn article must bare exMptJomrilmerit to surrire for a period of ftf-ljryears. Chamberlain s Cough RpmuFjpwas'fiMt dffw-ftd tri the public ia 2972.Prom a small 'besimning it has trowmin favor and popularity until it feas attained a world wide4 reputatic. Towill find nothing better for a. oooglt rcold. Try it and you will uaderstaitfwhy r it is a favorite after a period Cmore than forty years. It bo$ eairjrgives relief it cures. For aTe hy aHdealers.(March) arCOUNTY COURT DAYS.Below fs a list of the day CbeaiyCourts are held each month in cutties tributary to Paris:r Anderson, Lawrecermrg, 3d Monday.Bath, Owingsville, 2d Monday.Bourbon, Paris, lt Monday.Boyle, Danville, 3d Monday.Breathitt, Jackson, 4th MondaysClark, Winchester, 4th Monday-Fayette, Lexington, 2d Monday.Fleming, Flemingsburg, 4th MondayFranklin, Frankfort, 1st Monday.Garrard, Lancaster, 4th Monday.Grant, Williamstown, 2d MondayHarrison, Cynthiana, 4th MondayHenry, Newcastle, 1st Monday.Jessamine, Nicholasville, 3d MondayLee, Beattyville, 4th Monday.Lincoln, Stanford, nd Monday.Madison, Richmond, 1st MondayiMason, Maysville, 1st Monday.Mercer, Harrodsburg, 1st MondaysMontgomery, Mt. Sterling, 3d Moaday. Nicholas, Carlisle, 2d. Monday.Oldham, Lagrange, 4th Monday.Owen, Owenton, 4th Monday.Peftdleton, Falmoucn, 1st Monday.Powell, Stanton, 1st Monday.Pulaski, Somerset, 3rd Monday.Scott, Georgetown, 3d Monday.Shelby, Shelbyville, 2d Monday.Wayne, Montecello, 4th Monday.Woodford, Versailles, 4th MondaysTREESStrawberry PlantsFruit and Shade Trees;.Shrubs, Asparagus, GrapeVines, Rhubarb, PeoniesPhlox, Seed Potatoes, etc.Everything lor Orchard,Lawn and Garden.Free Catalog No Agent.H. F. Hillenmeyer & Sois,Lexington, KyNurserymen Since 18412Dfeb2mo)Wc Sell'AllilVlakesUnderwood No. 5, $50.00: x- IUnderwood No. 4, $45.08. , J "fOliver No. 5, $60.00. , ' I $7Oliver No. 3,. $40.00... - jfft.Oliver No. 2, $30.00. , ' ;L. C. iSmith Bros. No. 5, $60.0aiL. C. Smith Bros. Noi 2f- $50.0&.L. C. Smith Bros.No. l,"$40.Oftl :Remington No. 10, $40.00.Smith Premier No. 10, $40.Wr7 jRemington No. .6, $20.00. . -'Smith Premier No. 2, $20i00.Blick, $20.00, all models.Blue Grass Ribbons, 75c each, toicall machines.Carbon Paper $1.50j.p,er 100 sfefeefcsc.Typewriter Oil 25c. ,-We handle more Typewrites" im oa. !week than some of these peddlers sellin a year. m ' 'Candioto machines are'fully; guaranteed for two years. , , iEasy terms to suit you. ' tWe have all models m$stocfcV jWe have new machines, tbo TPhone or write us. ; r jThe JosephGandioto Go. I.151, 153 and 155N. Broadway, v 1Tpewnteis....Lexington, Kentucky.45-TJ.-'i - " j... -',,M?.'v &&' & $s&v -.'&L.&& ' .4iS&: tjcA?' Jf..'-Cv.fjTVS,rtst:"-r &&..f vfJ-S -4 -"W . v?- .v -r3:T;FZ-.V.THE BOURBON NEWS, PARIS, KY., MARCH 20, 1914ROYALBaking PowderSaves HealthandSaves MoneyandjrTELEPHONE SERVICE AT,LITTLE ROCK RESUMEDDstrict Manager J. J. VeatcH, ofParis, assisted by Mr. J. J. Lynch,manager of the Maysville Home Ex-jchange, with a large force of menhave been busily engaged in install-.ing a new switchboard and equipmentat the Home Exchange in Little Rock,which was destroyed b fire Sundayafternoon. The work was completedWednesday afternoon and the serviceat that exchange has been resumed.THEATRICAL.. rVMakes Better FFEBRUARY AND MARCH SALEOne of our specials duringour bigsale is a child's beautiful white cribbed at $3.75.(27-tf) A. P. WxIEELER &CO.CARLISLE WATER WORKS.SYSTEM QEilNG INSTALLEDThe work of laying the pipe linesalong the streets of Carlisle far thewater works system began in Carlislea few days ago, a large force of menbeing employed, and the work will(be pushed to an early completion. Alarge force of men is also at work onthe reservoir that is to hold 20,000,000 gallons of water. The systemwill cost $30,'000, the citizens of Car.lisle recently voting a bond issue fofthat amount.SPRING BLOUSES.Every woman will want just suchwaists for wear with new separateskirts this spring and summer. Theblouses are made of white batiste,voiles and crepes, also the pastelshades, exquisitely trimmed with laceand embroidery. Scores of styles toselect from.HARRY SIMOjtf.MT. STERLING SHOE STORERUINED 3Y FIREFOR SALE.Alsike and Red Clover Seeds, Tlmbtky Seed; also choice NorthernSraute Seed Oats; high germination.17-3wks.R. B. HUTCHCRAFT.AGED COLORED MAN DIES FROMATTACK OF PNEUMONIA.FOR SALE.4 Two fresh Jersey cows, extra -goodrjaes. Also a young Mack b-ml.JOHN M. BRENNANS. T. Phone 727,Jnterurban Station 45. '.(11)Garret Johnson, an aged and highlyrespected colored man, died at hisi home 'in this city, Wednesday morning -following an attack of pneumonia,Johnson was employed at the ParisMilling Company, and it is said had1 been -employed at the mill since thebusiness was established by the lateWilliam Shaw.uf1ittLARD!SUITS OF STYLE AND ELEGANCE.The suits for Spring on display hereare bringing forth constant expressions of praise from women who appreciate beauty an -design and elegance of material. We selectedthese garments -with care and deliberation picked them from among thebest ffasliion centers, were assured oltheir srfcyle as well .as. the fineness and.reliability of the fabrics. Prices arai uncommonly treasonable second ifloor.I HARRY SIMONFire, the origin of which is unknown, completely ruined the shoestore of Wm. H. Berry, in Mt. Sterling about three o'clock, Wednesdaymorning. The entire inside of thostore was damaged by the flames, andthe stock of shoes and the fixturesare practictlly a total loss. It iasaid the loss will reach about $10,000,with, Mr. Berry's stock and fixturescovered by an insurance of $8,500.The law office above the store, occupied by Hon. Robert Hiner Winn, wasslightly damaged by fire and water,and the .insurance office of Harry GHoffman flooded with water, vfhilothe beauty parlors of Miss EmileoYoung were damaged by smoke andwater.The Columbia Today."Adrift in a Great City." Pat Moran, the prosperous foreman of a construction gang, sends to the old country for his wife and daughter. Onl his way to meet them lie meets with aL serious accident and is taken unconscious to a hospital. When he comesto himself he sends tracers to seekhis wife and child, but cannot findthem. Meanwhile the two womenare penniless, and are reduced tobeggary. The girl finds work, buther eyes becoming overtaxed, shegoes."UntQ the Weak." Peter was a soltary old man who lived on the outskirts of the village. The pastor ofthe village was given to eloquentsermons on Sundays and Peter todeeds, more eloquent than all thesermons put together, every day inthe week. When he took into hiscottage Eleen and her baby, aftereverybody else had driven them out,the community was very indignant,and Parson XJllett remonstrated withhim for thus outraging the feelingsof "our good .people. Peter saidlittle, but sent the parson off on hisown business. Then he cleaned hisgun and waited Eleen refused totell her benefactor the name of herbetrayer, but at last the certain factwas revealed to Peter that the fatherof Eleen's child was none other thanHenry, the son of the parson. Atthe point of the gun Peter marchedthe young man to the parsonage, andthere, in the presence of the assembled townspeople, compelled the parson to marry his son to Eleen."The Rivals." This very amusingfarce takes an unusual original turnwhen Pat .conquers his" rival for thehand of the Widow Murphy by impersonating his own ghost.(adv)READY - TO - WEAR WEEK !? The Recognized Time to Buy Spring Wewrables-Six Days XX of Special Displays and Extra Values in th Newest Jand Most fasnionable bpnng Wear of tvery bort.Glance Over This Partial List of Ready-to-Wear ValuablesLETTERS MAY BE SENT WITHPARCEL POST PACKAGESfire, wind and lightning insurance. Thomas & Woodford.VTo further add to the popularityof the parcel post, 'Postmaster General Burleson has signed an orderwhich will permit the attaching of aletter to a package when both beartheir respective, rates of postage andare addressed to the same individual.The sending of a communication witha parcel post package heretofore hasnot been permissable. The letteror communication however, is not tobe enclosed in the package, but is tobe tied or otherwise securely fastenedto the outside.PROMINENT KENTUCKY MASONDIES AT HOME IN MAYFIELDThe Purest andthe Bestill Horse Rendered10-Pound Cans, - $1-4050-Pound Cans, - $6.50BaldwinBros,,NParls, KentuckyBoth Phones32l-BURTS2LA-R 'ENTERS THEPOSTAL TELEGTRAPH OFFICE.Some time early yesterday morningsi burglar entered 'the office of thePostal Telegraph on .Main street, andafter forcing the lock on a metal boxsecured $3.75 in nickels and a revolver. The intruder -gained entrancethrough a rear door, breaking a holein the glass large enough to admitthe hand, and removing a bolt. Theimplement used to 'bseak the glasswas an old hemp hook which was lefton the outside.Ernest Jones, a young white boy,was arrested yesterday by Chief ofPolice Hughes, in Cynthiana, chargedwith the robbery. He was broughtto Paris last night- The" revolver wasrecovered.CONFEDERATE DAUGHTERS TOHOLD MEETING SATURDAY.KMtoThe Richard Hawes Chapter, UnitedDaughters of the Confederacy willmeet Saturday afternoon at 2:30m o'clock at their room in court househouse. A full attendance of the members is requested.John W. Landrum, Past Grand Master of the Kentucky Grand Lodge ofMasons, died early Saturday morningat his home in Mayfield, after an illness of five weeks of Bright's disease. He is survived by his widowand two sons, Thomas J. Landrumand John Landrum.Mr. Landrum was Grand Master ofthe jurisdiction of Kentucky, beinginstalled by his father, who had preceded him in office, and enjoyed theunusual distinction of having beenGrand High Priest of the jurisdiction of Kentucky and Grand HighPriest from the United States at thesame time. ,Mr. Landrum was fifty-three yearsold and had spent all his life in Mayfield, helping to bufid the town. Illhealth compelled him to retire fromactive business on February 7, sincewhich time his death had been momentarily expected. He was president of the Mayfield Water and Lighting Company, and was one of the bestknown and most prominent Masonsin the United States.Mr. Landrum was welhknown inMasonic circles in' this city, and onthe occasion of the laying of the cornerstone of the Bourbon county courthouse, as Grand Master of Kentuckyhe had charge of the exercises.INCUEATOR OIL.If you want chicks, use good oil inyour incubators.(It) C. P. COOK & CO.KIMBROUGH HOTEL DEALIN CARLISLE CONSUMMATED71mtmhhmWE BEG TO ANNOUNCEthat on Tuesday, March 3d, weplace on sale Spring Styles inNETTLETON SHOESthe foofwear of distinction for menGeo. McWilliamsThe Shoe Manmm.. . -T i fa p- Y .CHAMBERLAIN'S TABLETSFOR CONSTIPATION-For constipation, Chamberlain'sTablets are excellent. Easy to take,mild and gentle in effect. Give thema trial. For sale by all dealers.(March) (adv)'! Drugs end Cigars, jm ais8No Drugs in OurCigars.We don't mix the two.People who know, generally buy their Cigars ata drug store.All our Cigars are madeby people who have areputation to maintain.No wild cat Cigars inour case.We also carry a complete line of Cigarettes,Twist, Plug and ScrapTobacco. You'll find yourfavorite brand here, andin the best condition.83:i:The Carlisle Advocate says:"The sale for onehalf of the Kimbrough Hotel property has beenclosed and Mr. Joe Pelosi becomesowner of the interest held by Mr.Win. Cain, of Paris. The deal was reportde to have been closed more thanten days ago, but there was somehitch in the sale, and the deal wasnot consummated until last Thursday."The exact sum paid by Mr. Pelosiis not known, 'but it is rumored thaihe was coming into her house by wayCain owns the other half and it isnot thought that there will be anyimmediate change in the presentrental of the property."LENTEN SPECIALSRead this list of specials forthe Lenten season and phone us yourorder:Pickled Herring, White Fish, Milker Herring, Roll Mops, Salt Mackereland Fresh Salmon.(24-tf) T . C. LENIHANCONFERENCE CALL TOKENTUCKY MINISTERS, People's PharmacyDoyle Building 8th and Main '5" Both Phones !A call to ministers of Kentucky toattend a conference on rural churchproblems in connection with theSouthern Educational Conferencesto be held in Lo.uisville next month,was issued Tuesday by the KentuckyCommittee appointed by A. G. Borland, general secretary of the movement. Signed by the twenty-onemembers who are prominent throughout the State, it follows:"To the Ministers of Kentucky?In connection with the great rural lifeconference to be held in 'LouisvilleApril 7 to 10 there will be a conference on the rural church problems.This conference will be held in theMethodist Temple, Sixth street, andBroadway, Louisville, and will be in!the nature of an informal discussionof the most important problems confronting the" country churches. Menwho have made a special study ofcertain aspects of the country churchwill be present to give the benefit oftheir counsel and information. President D. H. Hill, of the North Carolina College of Agriculture, will discuss the pastor's relation to agriculture. The Rev. J. J. Cole, of Jeffersontown, Ky., who has been especially successful in developing a countrySunday school, will preside at the ses)sion devoted to the consideration ofthe Sunday school as a vital force inthe community. Prof. C. S. Gardner,of the Southdrn Baptist Seminary,is expected to preside over the session devoted to considering the bestmethods of developing intellectualand moral life. The closing sessionwill be a symposium of conclusionsas formative of a practical programfor making the rural church a greaterfactor in country life developmentThe railroads have granted a rate ofone faro plus 25 cents. Every ruralpastor who can possibly do so oughtto attend this conference."SANITARY COUCH.We are offering at beautiful SanitaryCouch at $2.75 during ourFebruaryand March sale.(27-tf) A. F. WHEELER & CO.Miise' Suits, $1.50, $20.00, $25.00Of crepe woolens, black and white checks, crepe poplinsand gabardines, short coat effects with ruffles and threetier skirts; all colors.Wool Crepe and Serge Dresses, $8.00 and $10.00Neatly made in modified styles; suitable for every day,hard wear. In black, navy, copen, brown, tan. All sizes.Rain Coats, $5.00 and $7.50Of double texture and silk rubberized cloths', guaranteedrainproof under all conditions.Ladies' Suits, $25.00 and $30.00A very exceptional line in the newest weaves. Styles thatare correct and suitable fqr large as well as slender women.Separate Silk Coats, Separate Cloth Coats,$10.00 to $25.00Three-quarter length, jaunty, smart looking. The models ."c cuwucij uuj.ci.ciib xiuia any uiiug mat inxa uccii anuwn.Solid colors and fancies.Crepe de Chine Blouses at $2.85In four different styles; Dutch k, short or long sleeves, allcolors. These are very exceptional values.Ladies' Suits, $25.00 to $50.00These styles are exclusive. If you buy one you will havethe comfort of knowing that you will not see a number of 2others like it. -$1 .00 Shirts and BlousesTwelve different styles, including white and floweredvoiles, pure linens, dainty cotton crepes and net stripes.Jbiither high or low neck, short or long sleeves.Separate Skirts, $5.00 to $15.00Silks, plaids, crepe woolens and serges. In ruffle anddouble tier styles. Most exclusive models we have evershown.Taffeta Dresses $18.75This is a splendid quality, soft taffeta that will wear. This Xstyle is a modified blouse effect with neatly ruffled skirt.Colors black and navy, mHsBKffiBaiSs?3IllSilk Dresses $1 7.50 to $35.00tItX In chiffon taffeta, figured crepe, crepe meteor, crepe deX chine, canton silks and moire. Better style3 than you cant have made at anything near the price.Wolf, Wile Sc Co. iX formerly Jifaufman, Straus c Co XX Hjexington? ISLy- tEmbryCoPresent TlheirComplete Stocks3-"fofGOWNMvTAILOREDFROCKx'van""J -HAT.The largest and unquestionablythe cleverest collection we haveever shown, and thoroughly representative of the prevailing ParisJan creations for the various accasio'ns of day and evening.WAIN STRJEETVEASTuXI- Apf-Itf ( t (VfwA."X3,fA. ,"t r ,tfJl'-&&?- J-THE BOURBON NEWS, PARIS, " KENTUCRY, ' MARCH "W-1914HBBj - ff-MMMMMMM&&&, sooiAL mmmt dewhsvHAS THE BESTOF ALL LINES MADESEED OATSWe "ave the lliSnest grades of Seednats Red Clover. Alsike, Alfalfa andTimotliv Seed, at right prices. See.,s beiore placing your orders. Feedoats in any quantity.CHAS. S. BRENT & BRO.(2o-tf) Phones 14.FOR SALE.Cotton Seed Meal Hulls; also,Shelled Corn and High-Grade TobaccoFertilizers for sale by1 R. B. HUTCHCRAFT.(17-3vks)NEW SPRING WEIGHT COATSGolfine, Club Checks, Serges,scotch Plaids, Moires, Taffetas, andRipple Silks; all are offered in attractively designed models, embracing every color of the rainbow second floor.HARRY SIMON.I & N. DOUBLE TRACKNEARLY COMPLETEDFourteen miles of the double trackcf the Louisville &. Nashville railroadtoetvreeu Paris and Winchester wasput in service at noon Wednesday andtrains are now running over the newroadbed. There only remains twomiles of the track to be completedand this will be finished at an earlydate.STREET, AFTERNOONAND EVENING DRESSESrecoveringIn a wonderful variety of the season's authentic models, materialsand colorings at prices most reasonible second floor.HARRY SIMONBOURBON HORSEMEN TOSHOW AT SOUTHERN FAIRMr. William S. Collins, of the firmof W. H. Collins & Son, of NorthMiddletown, breeders of fine horses,left Monday with six of his besthorses for a tour of the SouthernStates, and will show at a number ofthe big tairs there.In the string is Jack Wilmore, ato Mr. L. H. Bryan, of North Middletown. This "horse is said by horsemen to have a world of promise andKill undoubtedly make a good showin the Dixie rings.NEW SPRING SKIRTS.The separatae skirt is to witness agreater popularity than ever before.Surprisingly pretty models ready insilk crepes, chiffon taffetas, woolcrepes, checks and serges second3oor.HARRY SIMON.FRESH ROASTED.Jumbo peanuts roasted fresh everyday. We keep them hot and fresh.U7-2t) JAS. B. CRAVEN.SEED POTATOES.Genuine Northern Seed Potatoes.Plenty of them.(It) C. P. COOK & CO.NEGRESS UNDER MURDERCHARGE RELEASED ON BONDAfter being in jail in Carlisle fornearly a year, Eliza Booker, a formerParis negress, charged with murder,has just been released on bail. ShaIs charged with shooting and killingGearge Price, another negro, in Henryville, last summer. She was triedtwice, the first jury finding her guiltyof involuntary manslaughter, whichas set aside. The last trial resulted in a hung jury. She admitsthat she shot Price, but states thathe was coming into her hosue by wayof a window, and when she shot shathought he was a burglar.BOCK SEER!fiauck's Bock Beernow on tap.BROWNER & JOHNSON.HOT CHILI.Genuine Mexican Chili Con Came,made fresh today. The real article.(It) JAS. E. CRAVEN.YOUTHS CONFESS TOR0B3ING GROCERY STORE.Two boys of a tender age were arrested Wednesday afternoon by Chiefof Police Fred Link on the charge ofbreaking in the store of Mr. C. P.Cook and robbing the cash drawer of$C.50. The boys confessed to thetheft of the money, which they saidthey spent on a trip to Lexington.AT "THE BEST" SPECIALSAT BUTLER'S DRUG STOREThe best drugs money will buy.Richest cut glass.Havlland & Co.'s fine china.Finest of box candies.Paints, oils and brushes."Burpee's Seeds That Grow."Wilson's Hand and Face Lotion.Hook's Liniment and "Snake Oil.Wilson's Lung Balsam.4-11-44 for sick fowls.Bourbon Hog Remedy for hogs.Hgars and cigarettes and tobacco.Hot water bottles and syringes.Soapr, perfumes and toilet articles.Tnter.ational Stock Food.Bourbon Furniture Polish.Eac! and every one of the aboveae "tl best" in their class, and wesuarar'es every one of them.If wi Dlease you tell others, if notfome and tell us.CHAS. E. BUTLER & CO.,Opposite Courthouse,20-2t) Paris, KyMrs. Wm. Rion isfrom an attack of grip.Mrs. C. O. Hinton is undergoingtreatment at a Louisville hospital.Mrs. Jesse Ellis, of Cynthianawas a visitor in Paris WednesdayMr. Stanhope Wiedeman, of thiscity, is visiting friends in Louisville.Mrs. Ezekel Elkns, of Cincinnati,Is the guest of Mrs. itebecca Rudisill.Mr. Harry Simon lefc today fora several days business trip to Cincinnati. Mrs. William R. Scott has returned ofter a visit to relatives inFrankfort.Mr. E. C. Rice, of Fulton, is theguest of Mr. and Mrs. Frank O'Neal,on Stoner avenue.Mrs. J. Q. Prakes has gone toTampa, Florida, to join her husband,who is located there.Miss Julia Frank, of Lonisville,is the guest of Mr. and Mrs. B. A.Frank, in th iscity.Mr. and Mrs. W. W. Hinton returned Wednesday after a delightfulvisit to friends in Covington.Mrs. W. H. Harris and her euest.Miss Louise Scudder, of Chicago, arevisiting relatives in Carlisle.Mrs. John Scott and Mrs. Chas.Howard, of Mt. Sterling, are guests ofMisses Florence and Bessie Wilson.Mrs. Harry Linville and sister.Miss Rosalie Oberdorfer, left Wednesday for Henderson to visit relatives.Mrs. W. C. Ferguson and daughter, - of Woodford County, are theguests of Mrs. F. P. Clay for the weekend.Mr. and Mrs. Catesby Woodfordentertained at cards Wednesday afternoon ai their country home on CaneRidge.Mrs. Logan Howard and littledaughter, Susan, left Wednesday fora visit with Lexington relatives andfriends.Mrs. Joseph M. Hall, Mrs. MaryIreland Davis and Mr. James Ferguson will leave Saturda3r for Martinsville, Ind.Miss Mary Woods, of this city,was taken to the Massie Hospital,Tuesday to undergo treatment fora diseased hip.Dr. John Williams, of this city,was called to Mt. Sterling, his formerhome, Tuesday, to perform a surgical operation.Mr. and Mrs. George Blanton, ofRichmond, have returned to theirhome after a visit to Mr. and Mrs.Harry Linville, in this city.Miss Martha Ferguson attendedthe entertainment given by MissMary Leonard Cassell for the' GirlsBridge Club, in Lexington, Wednesday afternoon.Mrs. Cassius M. Clay returnedTuesday from a delightful trip to theBermndas and Cuba, accompanied byher sons, Cassius, from Taft's School,at Waterloo, Conn., and John HarrisClay, from Hill School, at Pottstown,Pa.The following invitations havebeen issued:Horace Miller ClayFrancis Depue ClayAt HomeFriday, March the twentieththree to seven o'clockCastle Comfort iDancing. Please Reply !Mrs. Frank P. Kiser entertained ithe members of the Auction BridgeClub, Monday afternoon, at her homeon Houston Avenue, in honor of MissDorothy Talbott. On Monday evening, Mrs. Grover Baldwin entertainedwith an elegant supper for the members of the Talbott-Foster weddingparty, and other guests, at her homeon Higgins Avenue.Mrs. Charlton Alexander, Sr.,been called to Covington to see herbrother, Mr. Hugh Brent, who hasbeen stricken with paralysis. Onaccount of his advanced age, eightyone years, he is not expected to recover. Mr. Brent is at the home ofhis daughter, Mrs. Wm. McDowellBrent, with whom he has lived sincethe death of his wife.The regular meeting of the Parliamentary Club was held Wednesdayafternoon and a good program wasrendered, with Mrs. W. R. Scott asleader, the drill being "The Commis- jsion Form of Government." Officersfor the year were elected as follows:President, Mrs. Fannibelle Sutherland; vice-president, Mrs. J. WalterPayne; secretary, Mrs. A. H. 'Morehead; treasurer, Mrs. T. A. Hendricks. This was the last meeting ofthe yetr.The Progressive Culture Clubmet Wednesday afternoon and after abrief program, "Old Missions," byMiss Martha Wyatt, and "The CareySisters," by Mrs. Lizzie Walker, theofficers for the ensuing year wereelected as follows: President, Mrs.Amos Tu'rney; first vice president,Miss Clara Bacon; second vice-president, Mrs. Walter Clark; recordingsecretary, Mrs. George Stuart; corresponding secretary, Mrs. RobertMeteer; treasurer, Mrs. C. O. Wilmoth. Master Ussery Wilder, the handvsome son of Mr. and Mrs. GeorgeWilder, entertained at the home ofhis parents, on High street yesterdayafternoon with a birthday party, inhonor of his eleventh birthday. Thedecorations were pink and white carnations. The birthday cake, whichoccupied the center of the beautifullyappointed table contained elevenlighted candles and eleven of MasteiWilder's schoolmates enjoyed the oocasion. Those present were BrunleyThompson, Luican Thompson, Clarence Baldwin, Teddy Templin, HughScott, William Wornall, George Cameron, Robert Frank, Russell Frankand Thomas Henry Clay.At a meeting of the Paris Literary Club Wednesday afternoon thefollowing program was rendered:"Upsala, the University of Sweden,"Mrs. J. T. Vansant; "ScandanavianM'pfs of Lon'rfo'low." M'? AnoiTurney; "Tegner," Mrs. J. S. Wilson;SAN.TEN.-Rev. Father Herman N. Santen,pastor of St. Anne's Catholic church,Lindenwald, died Wednesdav Tiie-hf.j of an affection of the lunges after anj limess or several months af fAnne's Pastorate near Hamilton, o!ramer oanten was 43 years of age.He was born in Cincinnati, and received his early education there. Hewas graduated with honors from theMt. St. Mary's Seminary of the West,Price Hill. He also attended St!Joseph's College, Cincinnati, and Notre Dame University, Notre Dame,Indiana. He was ordained by thelate Most Reverend Archbishop Henry Elder, June lb', 1896.Following his ordination he wasstationed as assistant pastor at Arnheim, Ohio, and later at St. Franciide Sales and Holy Trinity churches,Cincinnati, and S. S. Peter and Paulchurch at Reading, 0. Later he wastransferred to New Richmond, O.For the past three years he hadcharge of St. Ann's thriving parish inLindenwald, a suburb of Hamilton, O.Father Santen was a son of Bernard and Tecla Santen, formers pioneers of Cincinnati. He leaves fourbrothers, John, of Cincinnati; Bernard, Jr., of Columbus, O.; Henry andJoseph Santen, of Paris, and two sisvters, Mrs. H. G. Rabe, of. WalnutHills, Cincinnati and Mrs. John Nickol, of Reading, O.The funeral services will be held today, and the burial will take place inSt. Joseph Cemetery, Cincinnati.Mr. H. J. Santen and family andMr. Joseph Santen left last night foHamilton, to attend the funeral.MCCARTHY.Mrs. Mary 'McCarthy, aged 40years, died at her home on Walker'sAvenue yesterday morning at teno'cldck, lollowing a short illness olasthma. She was the wife of Mr.Byron MeCarty.who together with hemother, Mrs. Mary Mitchell, of Millersburg, and several sisters, halfsisters and brothers, residing in thiscity and Millersburg, survive.MENG.News was received here yesterday afternoon of the death of Hr.Charles Meng, which occurred lateWednesday in the Bermuda Islands.Mr. Meng, who was a son of Mr. C.II. Meng, of North Middletown, thiscounty, had been in the Bermudasfor some time for the benefit of hishealth. Previous to that time he wasactively engaged in the law businessin Dallas, Texas. Tuberculosis wasthe cause of his death.Mr. Meng was thirty-four years ofage and is survived by his parents,Mr. and Mrs. C. H. Meng, and twobrothers, Messrs. Calvert Meng andMrs W. S. Meng, the latter also residing near North Middletown. Hismother is at present in Hot Springs,Ark., for the benefit of her health.Mr. Calvert Meng left yesterday forthe Bermudas to accompany the bodyto North Middletown.Not acTHinuteto Spare !Spring is here -housecleaning started and"Oh! such a lot to do.' 'Get your decoratingdone and the worst partis over. You can savetinie, money and freightcharges by buying yourwall paper from us. Ifyou run short you canget more on a moment'snotice and if you haveany left we will gladlytake it back.Can You Beat That?THE FAILmmIThe New, The Beautiful, Await You !t mIiHpHE New York market has been thoroughly searched J- and we have succeeded in bringing together theilargest stock we have ever shown in fact an enormousstop.lr of nptcr rnprnTimiHiao 3Opening Sole of New Spring Silks, Dress Goods, Wash- Goods, Linens, Dress Trimmings and Laces.The newest in Neckwear, Ribbons, Handkerchiefs, JewelryBags and Dress Accessories. Everything you want tomake your new Spring outfit complete.We wish to call your attention to our enlarged departments of Lace Curtains, Draperies and Rugs.We have the merchandise don't fail to see the manynew things we have to show. u:W. Ed Tucker.Paris' Only Exclusive Dry Goods Store.IIKintcn. The election of officers .forthe ensuing year resulted as follows:President, Mrs. Thomas Henry Clay,.Jr.; first vice-president, Mrs. Charlton Alexander, Jr.; second vice-president,Misfc, Luey Simms; secretary,Mfcs Nancy Giiffith; treasurer, MissLaura Lilleston; auditor, Mrs. HarryB. Clay.THE J. T. HIINTOIN CO.Our Big Cash Sale Still Going- OnLasts Through MarchOur prices are absolutely the lowest you will find, and YOUKNOW our quality We have, during this sale, sold to people5 who have oriced evervwhere We've saved them monev andiCan Do the Same For YouEvery article in our house at Big Reductions No bunk aboutany of it We are glad to charge goods at regular prices, andOUR REGULAR PRICES are lower than some so-called saleprices If you want goods right all along the line, price, quality and service, comeGRAND JURY INVESTIGATIONThe grand jury has been in sessionfor several days, and investigated anumber of different things, but failedto look into the matter of the Hotpoint Electric Iron. Jiad they doneso, their verdict would have been thesame as of hundreds of ladies inParis that this iron is the greatestlabor saver ever invented. Look inthe Electric Co.'s window, then orderyours on two weeks trial. ItDance at home tothe music of theVictrolaHome is the idealplace for the new dances,and the Victrola makesit possible to dancethem in every home. fThe Victrola playseven the most difficultnumbers perfectly, andwith such music dancingis a real delight.We'll gladly play any aancef music you wish to hear stop inany time. Andwe'll explain, too,how you can easilyhave a Victrola inyour home' $15 to'!zs&tm.Diugherty Bras.- iTET TET " TCmJCjL JZj JETw i iSale Closes 1st Dajr of April4Join Our McDougafl Kinchen Cabinet ClubOnly 26 members can join this club A good many have already joined Come in to-day and let us explain to you Pricesare lower than the lowest cash price and the cabinets aresold $1.00 down and $t.OOa week. The McDougall is thebest Cabinet made One Cabinet will be given away ABSOLUTELY FREE.9x12 Matting Rugs in Two Qualities?At $2.42 and $2.98Others ask morefor Rugs not nearly as good QualityTells the Tale.&Attend the Big Sale Now Only a Few Bays Left.THE J. T. HINTON COMPANYParis, Kentucky Phones 36,t .Undertaking Ambulance Wood Mantels J$$$ $$$4$$-.ory of "Fritdorf's Saga," Mrs. W. O.J..i.fc - -f.Pj-nr-Ti-i riMia.ijTHE BOURBON NEWS PARIS, KY MARCH 20, 1941Ft'w3M1aihhHKI3 IBECKHAM DENIESCAMPAIGN TALESIsclares Facts Grossly Misrep. resented by Opponent.W1HTS WITH PRIDE TOREGORD-Candidate For 'Democratic SenatorialNomination Clearly .Defines Issuesta .'Kentucky Campaign Urges Votre to Carefully Consider PublicRecords -of Candidates and SelectMan .Whose Performances Measure.Closest to .Promises.Tta speech delivered at EiizabethtamTL, J. C. W. Beckham, candidate3fr .the Democratic nomination forUnited States senator, declared that"3e had always heartily favored theselection uf United States senators byUrct vote of the people and pointed-with pride to the fact that in the lasttkree Democratic national conventions he '.had helped place in the party's platform a plank declaring in-flavor of that principle. He declaredthat .the issues in the present cam--aSgn'will be clearly drawn and thatthe people will have ample .opportunity to judge of the merits of the different candidates. His speech follows:The people of Kentucky for the firsttime Sn. .the history of the state have,"this year, the opportunity of choosing"by a direct vote one of their two representatives in the federal senate.The change from the old system oflegislative election marks a new erain our government, and illustrates theawakened and intelligent purpose ofthe people to .take a firmer and stronger "hold for themselves upon publicaffairs. It has been a slow, peacefulvTjut determined revolution, conductedin an orderly and constitutional way,to bring -about a fundamental changeto the organic law of the land. Thesalutary and far-reaching effect of itJ. C. W. BECKHAM.ias already been apparent, even in thejweeent senate, by the unusual readiness of that body in recent legislationlo obey the mandates of the people.For many years the Democratic par--tyalone advocated the ehange; "butas time went on and the subjeet redelved greater attention, the importance and value of it became so evident that it took hold of the minds of3taay followers of other political parties, and congress, under the influenceof an overwhelming public sentiment,at last submitted the constitutionalamendment to the states for ratification. With unprecedented promptness, far in advance -of the caleula--tionsof the most sagacious politi--cians,more than the required number-of states ratified it; and it was, lesstkan a year ago, finally proclaimed as-a part of the constitution of the Unit--dStates. It puts vastly more power-da t!e hands of the people and shouldenable them to secure more quickly..and effectively their wishes upon public questions.But, at the same time, along with"tke added power it imposses uponthem far greater responsibilities, andthose responsibilities must be seriously and successfully met, if the good intended by the amendment is to be accomplished. It requires of them anore careful and deliberate consideratkw, noi only of the issues involvedia an election, but of the charactersand qualifications of the candidatesfrom whom they are to make theirchoice. Under the old system of elecing senators the will of the peoplewas frequently disregarded, bargainJag: and corruption loo often controiled the legislative elections, andas a result the senate had become indifferent, and sometimes defiant to thebeat interests of the people. The-amendment, though slow In coming,Jkaa been a splendid triumph for the-cause and growth of popular governraeiit Hard Problem For Voters.Is it asking too much, therefore,that, In consideration of this great-fcoon to them and the vastly increasedjwfrer placed In their hands, the people should take a deeper interest Intke selection of the men who are torepreeeftt them in the senate, pa-vMd? RfiSsSSBESS&sflBRABBsSfejSBBSSmiBK-' fi$k :-Wkrzi'k- 'Vl&T i?T&&jfmyiFJbsssbW PSHBr--ssssssssssHbh iit isHfc "V?SSSssssHHfi. x JP1bssss?vtftcrflr 9M patriotically study the ,fetim involved, fairly and calmly measure the merits and claims of the respective candidates, and cast theirvotes for that .man who in, their honestJudgment can Tender the best andmost efficient -service to the country? It is, of course, true that some'times it is difficult in a campaign for.many voters to decide among theclaims of rival candidates, and to determine the one most deservingof their support. Some voters, too,are often caught by the noise -a candidate makes, by the vehemence of hisutterances, the violence of bis gestures, and by the amount of abuse andvituperation in which he Indulges,without stopping to Inquire what goodservices b has -performed to justify'their putting faith in him and givinghim their support. Other voters aresometimes persuaded to support aman because of the fact that he hasinever had any positive convictionsupon any debatable or disputed publicquestion. Who cautiously avoids giving expression to his opinions uponsuch questions, until after it is apparent upon which side there is a majority, and who then loudly proclaimshimself to have always been on thatside. But the safest 'rule of all, I believe, where there are a numbers ofcandidates, is for the people to taketime to carefully compare their public records, ;and from those records decide which one has shown himselfmoat capable, efficient and faithful,for public service. It is not from aman's promises or speeches, butrather from his performances, thatyou can best tell what he will do, orwhat his capacity is.I have always heartily favored theelection of senators by a direct voteof the people. In the last three Democratic National Conventions 1 havehelped to place in the party's platform each time a plank declaring infavor of that principle. It is, therefore,a source of satisfaction to me, as acandidate for the Democratic nomination for senator in the state primaryof next August, that both the nomination and election are to be determined by direct vote of the people. Ihave never sought a nomination forany office that I did not prefer to submit my candidacy in that way to thepeople; and I took an active part insecuring -our present primary law.Issues Clearly Drawn.The issues in this campaign will beclearly drawn, and from now untilAugust the people will have ample opportunity to judge between me andmy opponents for the nomination. Noone can truthfully say that I haveever been lacking in frankness in dealing with public questions, or that forpolitical or for any purpose, I haveever betrayed a principle. I come before the people of Kentucky in thepresent race not unknown to them,having a public record with whichthey are largely familiar, and with aposition -upon leading public questions!both state and national, about which Ihave never made any concealments.That record has been made the ob'ject of violent attack by one of myopponents; and if he has told the truthabout it, I should not deserve this,nomination; but if he is proven falsein his accusations, then he should receive the fate due every man whoseeks to help himself -by traducingan opponent, and by attempting todeceive the puDlic. I dislike selfpraise. I should prefer that, if ever Ihave rendered any public servicesworthy of favorable mention, othersshould speak of them, and not try todo so myself. But as this opponent,Jfr. Stanley, has seen fit to make anissue of my record in this campaign,and fills his speeches with attacksupon it, it is 'only fair to me and totftose associated with- me in my workin the past that I should give sometime to discussion of that subject,and how that he has deliberately misrepresented facts in. the hope of winning votes for himself.It is not the first time that he haspursued that policy in order to securesome newspaper advertisement orsome supposed political advantage forhimself. No question of accuracy ortruthfulness In his statements everrestrains him in such cases. I needto state only a few of the many undeniable instances of this well knowncharacteristic of his; to illustrate hisutter disregard of the truth, in hisspectacular efforts to attract attentionto himself and to inspire if possible,into the minds of the unthinking, theidea of his indispensable services tothe cause of the people and to thewelfare of the country.Work For Press AgentOn the 30th of last April, evidentlyfor the purpose of giving his diligentand overworked press agent something to send out to the Kentuckynewspapers and to Inject some newlife into his senatorial candidacy,shortly after his unhappy experiences,in first dodging and then running afoulof the Webb bill, he made a dramaticspeech on the floor of congress, andas usual, had so little regard for thefacts, that several congressmen calledhim down. Even the mild-manneredand able Democratic leader, Mr. Underwood felt called upon the rebukehim and to expose his misstatements.That gentleman said, in speaking ofStanley:"I do not know where the gentlemangot his information, but it is absolutely unwarranted by facts," (Cong.Record, p. 698.)On the same occasion another congressman, Mr. Miller, said:"Mr. Chairman, the gentleman fromKentucky (Mr. Stanley), as he alwaysdoes, gave us an interesting word picture, but, as usual, conspicuous as amonumental example of inaccuracy ofstatement. Mr. Chairman, words idlyuttered, even upon the floor of thishouse, may be taken outside -with adegree of seriousness by those whoare motCftOfwdnied 'with the ktbitotJmethod of the speaker."And further along Mr. JJiller saidthat Mr. Stanley had made 'statementsthat were absolutely untrue.These, opinions, which I have quoted from the record, give a good Ideaof the bad reputation of Mr. Stanleyamong his colleagues In congress forveracity and reliability of statement.No "wonder that, with a reputation likethat in the lower house, he is so anxious to leave It, and now seeks to betransferred to the senate, where he isnot so well known. Probably hethinks, too, that in the staid and dignified senate, of proverbial courtesy,he would be given more latitude In hislurid and irresponsible speeches, andnot be called down every time hemade one of his customary and chronic deviations from the truth.Gives Sensational Interview.Again, last April, following his celebrated flight from the Webb bill, hegave out a sensational interviewwhich was published with conspicuousheadlines on the front page of a Louisville newspaper, wantonly attackingHon. Claude Thomas of Paris, a statesenator, and criticising me because Ihad endorsed Senator Thomas for appointment under the administration atWashington. That gentleman hasbeen one of the worthiest and truestof men in the service of the state, andthe attack upon him was miserable,unjust and foolish. But Senator Thomas replied to it in a fashion so crushing and complete, that Mr. Stanleycould never answer it. He showedconclusively that Stanley had deliberately misrepresented the facts.I am unwilling to pursue the enumeration of many similar instances,and I should not refer to them at all,except to show what manner of manit is that is running out from Washington every week and neglecting hiswork there to. make these false andvicious charges against me. I shallmake it plain, before I get throughwith him, what influences are backof him and inspiring him to such acharacter of campaign.He has charged that, during my services as governor I showed such partiality to the railroads, and particularly to the Louisville & NashvilleRailroad company, it employed me asan attorney, at a high salary, as a reward for those alleged services, afterI retired to private life and to thepractice of law. He himself knowsthat to be untrue. In all of his longand exhaustive search of my record,he found only three measures, passedalmost unanimously by the generalassembly while I was governor, uponwhich to base this absurd charge. Ishall not undertake to discuss the illogical and false conclusions which heendeavors to draw as to the resultsand purposes of those laws. No intelligent man after examining them, canagree with him in what he says aboutthem.Laws Not Questioned.Isn't it strange that no one, eitherbefore or since the passage of thoselaws, many years ago, has ever foundreason to criticise them, or seek tohave them repealed? Two of thosemeasures were passed in the sessionof 1912, 12 years ago, and the otherone two years later in the session of1904. One of these passed in 1902was Senate Bill 116. It passed in thesenate by a vote of 33 to 0; and inthe house 81 to 1. The other, passedat the same session, was House Bill169. It passed the senate 31 to 1, andpassed the house 73 to 7. The third,passed in the session of 1904, wasSenate Bill 250. It passed the senate29 to 0, and passed the house 76 to 1.No one believes that if these billswere such nefarious measures the legislators, almost unanimously, wouldhave passed them. No man in all Kentucky "ever found cause to, or did,complain of them until Mr. Stanley,more than 10 years after they wereenacted, became a candidate for thesenate against me, and, having nothing else with which to assail my record, seizes upon them as the meansof his senseless and insincere attack.Six regular sessions of the geueral assembly have been held since the firsttwo of them were passed.Why has not this watchful, guavdian of the people's rights come before one or more of those sessions,told them of the iniquities in thoselaws, and urged their repeal or modification? Why has he not been before the session this past winter, andurged it, or had some member do it?Simply because he knows there is notruth in what he says about them,and hopes only to deceive the ignorant and unthinking.I knew nothing of those bills, andhad -nothing to do with them untilthey had passed the general assembly and came before me as governorfor approval or disapproval. They hadbeen considered in the committees,and upon the floors of both houses,and had passed almost unanimously.His miserable charges against me,therefore, about them, are even agreater injustice and insult to almostthe entire membership of those twosessions of the general assembly. Hisattempt to make an issue of this is areflection, too, upon the intelligence ofthe Democratic voter of Kentucky.He seems to be ignorant of the factthat such demagogic methods of campaigning are now discredited and obsolete, because of the more generaldissemination of education and knowledge among the people. In a landwhere schools are scarce and booksand newspapers are rarely, if ever,seen, he might be accounted a leaderto be trusted, but not in this age andnot in Kentucky can he hope to impose upon the intelligence and Teasonof the people by such dishonest methods. He is the only man who has ever-'srvid and he does not believe it thatin, all the years of jny public, service,"is legislator and as governor, F showed any undue 'partiality to the rail"roads or to any of the corporate Interests.. An impartial inspection of myrecord on that subject is a completerefutation of his charges..- When I became governor upon thedeath of Governor Goebel, February,1900, 1 determined that I would, as faras I was able, see that every promisemade by him to the people should befulfilled, not alone out of sentimentover his tragic death, but because Ihad fought with him for those principles upon which he made his campaign, and I believe in them. If anyone will take the trouble to look atthe Democratic platform of 1899, uponwhich he made his race for governor,he will see that every promise In itthat could be fulfilled was fulfllle'land enacted into law while I was governor. The leading issue of that campaign was the railroad rate measure,known as the McChord bill, which hadpassed the general assembly of 1898,when I was speaker of the house, buthad been vetoed by Governor Bradley.It proposed to give to the state railroad commission power to regulaterates, and prevent extortion and discrimination upon the part of the railroads. Fulfilled Goebet's Pledges.After the death of Governor Goebel,notwithstanding all the chaos, excitement, and danger of that period, Iused every power that I could properly use as governor to have that general assembly pass it. The bill, as dratted by Gov.ernor Goebel and Mr. McChord, was passed and promptly signed by me. It was contested by the railroads in the courts; and after conferring with Mr. McChord, the chairmanof the board, and with the attorneygeneral, I employed able lawyers torepresent the state in the defense ofthe law, all the way to the supremecourt of the United States. I neverfailed at any time to use every powerI could to have the law establishedand enforced. That law, which couldnot have passed at that time withoutmy active assistance, has formed theground work of what power is in thehands of the railroad commission, toremedy any wrongs against the people and the shippers Jn Intrastatetransportation.Let us now look at the taxation ofrailroad properties while I was governor, and let us take the case of theLouisville and Nashville RailroadCompany, the largest system in thestate, and the one to which Stanleycharges I was so partial.The year before I became governor,in 1899, that company was payingtaxes, all told, to the state, counties,cities and other taxing districts, thesum of $269,308.74. In 1907, the yearI went out of office, the same company paid for the same purposes, thesum of $495,514.26, nearly twice asmuch' as it paid in 1899. Corresponding increases were made upon theother railroads and public service corporations doing business in the state.When I came Into office, those cor-! porations were not paying any fran( chise taxes at all to the countiescities and taxing districts. But I employed counsel, with the approval ofthe attorney general, to carry the caseto the supreme court, and that courtupheld our contentions that theyshould pay franchise taxes upon thatbasis.By reason of that decision, everycounty, city and school district in thestate, into, which a railroad runs, receives annually its proportion of thefranchise tax.Numerous other instances duringthe nearly eight years, of my serviceas governor, could be shown, if necessary, to prove the utter falsity of Stanley's charges; but as he does not believe them himself, it is not likely'that, even with all of his fervidand frenzied oratory, he can makeothers believe them.While I did all that was in my power to hold the railroads to a strictaccountability to the laws and to fairdealing with the people, I did not seekto oppress or hamper them. I believed in giving them every reasonable encouragement possible, to induce the'm to Improve their serviceand to build new lines. I did not playthe demagogue about them and try towin popular favor by denouncing orpersecuting them. When I first became governor, there were twenty-sixcounties in Kentucky that did nothave a mile of railroad in them; nowthere are nineteen counties in thatcondition, and Kentucky is far behindmost of the other states in not havingsufficient railroad mileage to developits resources. On the general subjectof railroad matters, I expressed myposition in 1906, when I sent my lastregular message to a general assembly. In discussing the subject, I said:Railroad Commissioner's Report."The report of the board of railroad commissioners is before you,and shows the condition and progressof that industry in this state. We arej pleased to observe that there has beenan increase in mileage, in the valueof railroad property, and in theirearnings. It is a good indication ofthe prosperity of our people. There isno intelligent citizen among us whodoes not want to see the railroadsprosper and earn a fair dividend fortheir owners, and any legislationwhich cripples them, or hampers theirr.uccessful management is unwise andinexcusable. But it is also true, thatwithout proper and sensible state andfederal control the management of arailroad company, as a rule, will lookmore to the interest of the owners ofit than of the public which uses it.Their prime concern is to earn thelargest possible dividends for thestockholders, and the public, is, there-'"ore, practically defenseless withoutproper and effective state and federalregul-Mlorif'-T"! honest sand prudentadministration of such -laws is just asimportant as the character of them,and the demagogue who would seekto blackmail a railroad company orother corporation with the threat ofhostile legislation, or with the unjustapplication of the law, is a felon deserving of the severest punishment.Urges Fair Play."On the other hand, we must notflatter ourselves with the delusionthat a railroad company is a charitable organization, and that withoutwise restriction it would not takeevery possible legal advantage. Between these two extremes will befound .the fair, honest and equitableground upon which this grave and important question should be settled. Thelaw passed by the general assemblyin 1900 on this subject gives to ourboard of railroad commissioners ample power, so far as intrastate commerce is concerned, to remedy anywrongs that may exist, with due regard to the rights of the people andof the railroads. We have reason tohope that the present board in thegeneral investigation on the subjectof rates it is now making will reacha conclusion that will be just to allalike. The power of a railroad company to levy an extortionate rate, simply because of a lack of competitionor by an agreement with a competingline, should be restrained; and theauthority to do this now rests withour board so far as rates within thisstate are concerned."I suggest that you give the reportof this board serious consideration.Its recommendations should be followed as far as possible."In the last three Democratic national conventions, St Louis in 1904,Denver in 1908, and Baltimore in1912, as the member for Kentucky onthe resolutions committee, I helpedto shape the party platforms on thatsubject. At the time I served as suchat Denver and Baltimore. I was oneof the local attorneys for tlje Louisville & Nashville Railroad companyin Franklin county. How far thatemployment affected my views on thesubject may be seen by looking at therailroad planks in those platforms. Xhelped to write the Denver platform,and its declaration of principles onthat subject was the most advancedposition ever taken by one of thegreat political parties. If I shall beelected to the United States senate, Ishall be guided by the principles announced In those platforms, and shallassist, wherever possible, the president and his administration, in dealing with this great and Importantmatter; and in doing so, I shall usethe same fair, honest and intelligentspirit, with which I have always triedto deal with every public question.Now as to my employment as an at-1torney, of which Mr. Stanley seeks tomake an issue. After my retirementfrom office and my defeat for thesenate in 1908. I had no means uponwhich to live and support my family,except to depend upon the practice ofmy profession. In the spring cf thatyear I formed, a law partnership withMr. Lewis McQuown, for the generalpractice of law, and located in Frankfort. Our firm was offered the localattorneyship for the L. & N. railroadin the courts of Franklin 'county. Weaccepted It, and held it until the firstof last January. We were engaged inthe general practice of law, and weaccepted all legitimate and desirablebusiness offered to us. Owing to illhealth, my partner had to retire fromthe practice a few months ago; andfollowing that retirement, and owingto my intention to devote most of mytime to the campaign this year, I gaveup that employment, and also our position as local attorneys for the Illinois Central Railroad, which had verylittle local business in Frankfort.Not Paid Regular Salary.Instead of drawing a very large salary from the L. & N. Railroad company, or any other railroad company,as Mr. Stanley charges, I have drawnno salary at all, but have been paidon a fee basis; and what I have received altogether from all railroad employments, has not averaged as muchas eight hundred dollars a year. Ouremployment had not the slightest political connection or significance: andthe gentlemen in the railroad service,under whom we did our work, neversought, directjy or indirectly, to influence our position on any political orpublic question, or m any manner ofrailroad policies or legislation. Weserved them just as we did otherclients, and tried to discharge ourduties to them as lawyers, conscientiously and satisfactorily.My position upon these matters istoo well known to take up more timein discussing them. On this questionand upon others, I am In accord withthe principles of my party, as declaredin its platforms, and with the policyof the president in his efforts to uphold and enforce those principles.But this railroad question is a falseissue sought to be raised by Mr. Stanley, to hide, if possible, his own indefensible and inexcusable record onnnother question, which is a real andImportant issue between him and me,?.nd one from which he cannot escapeoy prevarication, or flight, or by thetbuse of an opponent. It is needlessto say that I refer to his attitude andrecord on the liquor question. Therehas never been a time in county, stateor nation, when that question was upin any way, since he entered politics,that he has not taken sides with thesaloon Interests against the cause oftemperance. He advertises himselfextensively and spectacularly as -theinveterate foe of the trusts. He posesas the arch enemy of the steel trust;and would have it believed that thmagnates at the head of that octopusactually tremble at the "mention of hisdread name. He continually and exrcitediy dwells upon thevork ofihL Li 1-r.L - - -tiuuos ovmuiin, iiiw, gSlmatter of fact, the impression hi veryCentral and well fousdsd that the fx.pose of that 3nvettixatioa was zaore toadvertise and give aotoriety to itichairman than to accomplish any realand substantial relief from the exactions of the steel trust.That trust had few, If any, friendsin Kentucky. Its great power wasnever exerted in the politics of thistate. It never seemed to think itorth while to take any part in theaomination or election of a congressman or other official here. Consequently, an ambitious congressman iaKentucky had no more reason to fearany harmful political results to himself in attacking such a far-awaytrust, than the trust seemed to haveto fear any evil consequences to itselffrom the widely advertised attacksupon it from that same congressman.He boasts, too, of his long warfareupon the tobacco trust, and yet neither he nor his most ardent friendcan point to a single act of his thathas ever brought the slightest substantial relief to the tobacco grower,or to the people, from the wrongs perpetrated by that trust. Inflammatoryand incendiary speeches are the onlyremedies he has ever given for thoseevils and It is a fact that the oneweapon the tobacco growers of Kentucky have been able to use successfully in a contest with that trust, wasthe act of the general assembly of1906, legalizing the pooling of theircrops, and that measure was passedwith my active assistance, and wassigned by me while I was governor.Neither had that trust any politicalstrength In Kentucky, and it was certainly not to be feared by a candidatefor congress in the Second district ofthe state.Liquor Trust Dominant.But there is a trust in Kentuckywhose political power extends like apall over the entire state, and hold3in its strong grasp many politicianswho dare not provoke its enmity orwrath. Its pernicious activity has appeared in nearly every primary, convention and legislative assembly heldin Kentucky for many years. It ha3sought to dominate the politics of thestate in every particular, and it hasfought to prevent any limitation uponits market or any restriction uponis business. It has sought to establish saloons in every county, city andhamlet in the commonwealth. It hasput it's blight upon more homes, ithas wrecked more human lives, an.ifilled more untimely graves, than haveall the other trusts combined. It i-e-wardsthose who serve it, and punishes those who oppose it. It neverceases in its efforts to control the legislatures, the courts, and the executive officers of the state. It demandsthat it shall have the senators, andas many as possible of the congressmen from this state, in the federalcongress. The steel trust has never exercised more power in Pennsylvaniathan has the liquor trust in Kentucky;and no man ever wore the collar ofthe steel tn:st more slavishly inthat state, or followed its commandsmore obediently, than Stanley hasdone for the liquor trust in this state.A few of the many well-known instances of his services to that trustwill show that I am not misrepresenting him or his record. In August,1911, a Democratic state conventionwas held in Louisville to prepare aplatform upon which the Democraticnominees for state officers should gobefore the people in the campaign ofthat year. The chief issue in thatconvention was whether or not acounty-unit plank should be placed inthe platform. The liquor forces mustered their full strength against theplank; and among the most activeleaders on their side was Mr. Stanley,working for them to the full extent ofhis influence in the effort to keep thatplank out. When the question cameto a vote in the convention on a rollcall, he boastfully cast the votes ofHenderson county against the countyunit plank.His service to the trust was moredevoted than his service to the partyor to the state; for intelligent observers know that, without that plankin the platform our state ticket wouldhave had little chance to succeed inthe November election. He, of course,defended his position upon the groundthat the law would be "unconstititional." That is always the last argument made by a trust magnate in afight against a reform measure. Thecourt of appeals has said that the lawwas constitutional, notwithstandinghis opinion.Led Unit Plank Fight.As the chairman of the committeeon resolutions in that convention, Iled the fight for the adoption of thatplank, and stood before the convention earnestly advocating it,- althoughI was confronted with the hisses anijeers of the galleries, packed with tfcfollowers of the saloon interests aniof Mr. Stanley. But a majority of thjdelegates stood with me In the vote,the plank was adopted, the state ticket was elected by over thirty thousand majority, and the county un.tbill, removing all exemption of cit'esfrom its operation, was passed by thegeneral assembly the following winter. It Is a well known fact that tiepolitical agents and lobbyists of theliquor trust are actively fighting miin this race, and that they are backinjMr. Stanley, and will continue to doso, unless they should conclude thatthey would have a better chance t3defeat me with some other candidate.The temperance people have 13many years been peeking to seenlegislation from congress to tnablo astate to prevent interstate shireiof liquor into dry territory of the statsA bill, embodying that idea, known &lhe Webb bill, was introduced in d.u(Continued on page 7)"' 1V5"X-.3&-tl,p&. -"..M':rirt-yHgi'rv$r-TryiJMliJ'St-Tr'n1 HE BOURBON NLWS, PARIS. KENTUCKY, MARCH 20. 1914iaMi'(a '1 z,J2xmI Lameness II Sloan's Liniment is a quickI and reliable remedy for lame- II ness in horses and other farm Ianimals."Sloan'3 Liniment surpasses anything on earth for lameness in horsesand other horae ailments. I wouldnot sleep without it in my stahle."JLumx Doyle,432 West 19th. St., New York City.Good for Swelling asd Abtcess.ME.H.M. Gibbs, of Lawrence, Elan.,R. F. D., No. 3, writes: " I had a marewith an abscess on her neck and oneBOc. bottle of Sloan's Liniment entirelycured her. I keep it all the time forgalls and small swellings and for everything about the stock. -SLOANSLINIMENTis a quick and safe remedyfor hog cholera.Geremor of Georgia, wetSloan's Liniment for Hoe Cholera." I heard Gov. Brown (who is quite ainner ) sav that he had never lost ahog from cholera and that his remedyalways was a tablespoonf ul of Sloan'sLiniment in a gallon of slops, decreasing the dose as the animal improved.Last month Gov. Brown and myselfwere at the Agricultural Collegebuilding and in the discussion of theravages of the disease, Gov. Browngave the remedy named as unfailing."" Observek."sa.vax2tah daily news.At All Dealers. 25c., 50c & 81.00.Sloan's Book on Horses, Cattle,Bogs and Pool try sent tree.Addreee Dr. Earl S. Sloan, BottomSPECIAL TO WOMENThe most economical, cleansing andgermicidal of all antiseptics is-A soluble Antiseptic Powder tobe dissolved in water as needed.As a medicinal antiseptic for douchesin treating catarrh, inflammation orulceration of nose, throat, and thatcaused by feminine ills it has no equal.For ten years the Lydia E. PinkhamMedicine Co. has recommended PaxtineIn their private correspondence withwomen, which proves its superiority.Women who have been cured sayat is "worth its weight in gold." Atdruggists. 50c large box, or by mail.The Paxton Toilet Co., Boston, Mass.the Lamp Oil thatSaves EyesNothing: is more Important la thehome tnan clear, steady light. Insurethis by RcttluR the oil that burnsclear and clean lslthont a flickerdown to the last drop. Pennsylvaniacrude oil refined to perfection.Oo-t.s no more than the inferioitnkwaeon oils aves MOSEY savesWORK ave eves.Your dealer has 80LTTE OIL inbarrels direct from our yvorks.Chas. C. Stoll Oil Co. ,Lexington, Ky.Refinery at Warren, Pa.We sell the celebrated "NoCarb"Auto OILWhen yoa feet tlllZlXvous, tired, worried or despondent it issure sign yon need MO'i I'S NERVERINPILLS. They renew the normal vigor atmake life worth living. Be sore and askMott's Nerverine Pills gfcWHUAHS MFG. CO.. Props.. Clevelaad. OHU Oberdorfer, Druggist Pari, Ky..Gurtis&OverbyBusiness Men's Barber 5hop,(Next to Bourbon Bank) I3 - CHAIRS -Expert Barbers111 Polite AttentionHot and Cold Baths atHoursNo Lon Waits.ASbare of the PubKc PatBHHHHHHHUHHiiHIIHHHIHHHffavl4t&'MUtelNews Overthe State &&Oldest Nun Dead.Bardstown Sister Marie, one ofthe moat learned nuns at the Conventof Nazareth, died Monday afternoonof a complication of diseases. Shewas 68 years of age, and had shelived until April 25 would have celebrated her fiftieth anniversary as anun.Sister Marie received her preliminary education in the common schoolsin this county. Later she attendedschool in France, and after becominga nun, taught some of the literarybranches in the Nazzareth Academy.Of late she was in charge of the museum at the convent.Her name before entering the convent was Miss Anna Menard. Herhome was in Paducah."Fletch" Deaton in Poor Health.Winchester Fletcher Deaton, convicted of the murder of Ed. Callahan,former sheriff of Breathitt county,underwent an operation in the Clarkcounty jail for ingrowing toe nails.Deaton's health is said to be failingand he is frequently under the careof a physician.Negro Shot to Death.Danville Twenty minutes after being released from the workhouseWalter Smith met Albert Harlan onFourth street and shot him to death.The men had no words and the killing is thought to have been the result of an old grudge. Both are negroes. fcinAOuttfiefclacInetrue"?"Smoothes and Soothes"Sajj CRANNY RfETCALFE.Child or crown-up thero Is Just oneway of handling colds, croups, couchad all those hacUnz throat troublesthat's to Soothe and Smoothe withDr. Bell'sPINE-TAR-HONEYLet a eoldgo nd it roes. It goesall over everybody in the family petsIt. Sootho sad Smoothe and It doesn'tscatter.Ererr jrenulns bottle of DR. BELL'SPINE-tar-honey has a Bell oa It.sad a picture of "Granny," too.At All Drttt Stares. 25e COc, JLO0MM By The Bell"For Sale by All Druggists.THE MOTHERS' FAVORITEA cough medicine for childrenshould be harmless. It should bepleasant to take. It should be effectual. Chamberlain's Cough Remedyis all of this and the mothers' favoriteeverywhere. For sale by all dealers.(March) (adv)THIS NEW MEDICINESAVES YOUMONEYWe are druggists right here inyour town and make a living out ofthe drug business, but it is becausepeople have to have drugs and not because we like to see people sufferwe don't. Our duty is to render thebest service we can, and when someone is ailing, we are interested in seeing them take the best medicine thereis for their particular trouble. Wedon't recommend "cure-alls," as wedon't believe there are such things.We don't want you to spend morethan you have to. Some of you getsmall wages and when you're sick,none at all, and you should get themost you can for your money.We recently came across a newremedy for increasing strength andbuilding up people who are run-downand emaciated. We know that aslight trouble sometimes grows intoa serious one, and to stop it in tehbeginning, will save you money inthe end. This new compound iscalled Rexall Olive Oil Emulsion.It is the best remedy, when you arematter what the causes It doesn'tmerely stimulate you and make youfeel good for a few hours, but takeshold of the weakness and builds youup to a healthy, normal condition. Itis a real nerve-food tonic and builderof good blood, strong muscle, good digestion. It contains Hypophosphites,which tone the nerves, and pureOolive Oil, which nourishes thenerves, the blood and the entire sysno alcohol or habit-forming drugs.We promise that if you are not elntirely satisfied with it, we'll give youback your money as soon as you tellus. Sold only at the 7,000 Rexallstores, and in this town only by us.$1.00. G. S. Varden &, Co.(adv)Hwnn&rKpvar,c? -wmmLWM rviSMirmmk"r :nffitYL DEF3E:CTS?CRjJSti SORES, BURKS, f3. a WmJs scalds, bruises a. gflJUff&gy CHAPPED HANDS f. QKtmMEr r AND LIPS, TETTER, AA 3 " ECZEMA? fSwlt 0. BELL'S 1i Antiseptic Salvei Xk Mr wMtt m4 aw per mU It iF 4MBt M wwfc, gt jr mht teak. Ti T It Sr T "TFsr Stit by AH Dmtfirtt.I Continued from page 3)greas more than a year ago. It wasone of the most important measuresbefore that session. Its chief purpose was to enable a state to break upblind tigers, boot-leggers and otherforms of illicit traffic in liquor. Itwas set for a vote in the house onFebruary 8, of last year. But on theevening of February 7, the day beforethe vote was to be taken, Mr. Stanley,a candidate for the United States senate, and hoping to escape going onrecord on that question, boarded atrain in great haste and came to Kentucky to make a speech.But he did not foresee what wascoming. The bill passed both housesof congress by large majorities andwent to the president. Mr. Taft vetoed it, and it went back to the housefor a vote on passing it over the president's veto. It required only a majority to pass it originally, and Mr. Stanley's vote could charitably be sparedby the liquor interests then, becausehis vote against it could not havechanged the result, and he mightthereby save his record.Took His Medicine,iBut when it came back with thepresident's veto, it required two-thirdsof the members to pass it over theveto, and the liquor interests hopedto muster enough votes to sustain theveto. Their orders were issued; andMr. Stanley, in obedience, was compelled to go back to Washington, likea truant boy from school, not onlyto vote, but to make a speech, againstit, and declare that it was "unconstitutional." What a spectacle to seethis doughty and terrible warrioragainst the trusts, first stealthily slipping away from Washington to avoida vote, and then in hopeless bondageto the great Kentucky trust, and afterreceiving its. orders, ignominiously returning to Washington to obey thoseorders and take his medicine. Ofcourse It Is constitutional and nocourt of competent or final jurisdiction will ever decide it otherwise Itis absurd to maintain that there isanything in the constitution of theUnited States to prohibit so righteousa measure, or to make the government an accomplice and abetter ofboot-leggers and blind tigers.Does his conduct in reference tothat bill justify his boast of beingthe dauntless champion of the peopleagainst the trusts? Does he, in hisvaunted crusades against them, makea distinction against a Kentuckytrust, which has great political influence here, and as a Pennsylvania orNew Jersey trust, which have none?Isn't it evident to the people of Kentucky that he is undertaking to mislead them, and Is trying to raise afalse issue to divert their attentionfrom his own record, which showsthat he is the servant of the greatestand cruelest trust of allMy position on this subject is wellknown. I believe it is conceded thatI have had some Important part inthe enactment of the temperance legislation in this state, in the betterenforcement of the laws regulatingthe liquor traffic and in the increaseof taxation on that business. Underlaws which I actively helped to pass,the greatest part of Kentucky hasbecome dry territory. I helped topass, and, as governor, signed theCounty Unit law of 1906; and in theDemocratic convention of 1911, I supported the County Unit plank in theplatform, which demanded an amendment to the law by extending thecounty unit to all cities, and the general assembly of 1912 passed thatamendment. I have fought for theprinciple of giving to each county theright to decide by a vote of the peoplewhether or not alcoholic liquorsshould be sold in the county. I favoredthe increase of the saloon license inthe revenue bill of 1906, which broughtadditional revenue into the treasury.I also favored the gallon tax uponrectified whisky proposed in the samebill; and when the lobby of the rectifiers succeeded in defeating that tax,I called a special session of the general assembly to pass it, and it waspassed, putting one cent and a quarter on each gallon. That tax hasbeen yielding each year to the statetreasury about fifty thousand dollars.I favor the Webb law passed bycongress, and if I had been a member of that body, either in the houseor the senate, when the bill was up forconsideration, I would have remainedin Washington at my post of duty andvoted for it, and if I am elected tothe senate, and it should become necessary to pass an amendment to thatlaw, or additional legislation, in furtherance of the principle of allowingeach state to protect Its dry territoryfrom the invasion of the lfquor traffic,I shall favor such a measure, and Ishall never be found dodging that orany other question.Two Measures Approved.I cordially approve the two measures just' recently passed by our general assembly, one known as theHampton bill, and the other as theFrost bill; The first is intended tomake more effective the remedy givenby the Webb law; and the second, tocomplete the operation of the CountyUnit law, so that an election underthat law can be called by twenty-fiveper cent of the voters of the entirecounty, instead of requiring twentyfive per cent in each precinct of thecounty.While I was governor my attentionwas called to the fact that the law,which required all saloons to closeon Sundays, was regularly and flagrantly violated in the city of Louisville. There was no ordinary pdwerm the hands of the governor to compel its enforcement, and the most 1could do was to request officials thereto enforce it. My requests were notretarded: but in the course of timeof timettat thaittt court of, appeals decidedot fraud, and that the mayBr and permit appropriations to he'madVwIthother officers who held under that out means or- provision for their payelection should vacate their offices, rop.nl No fear of offending influentialand that the governor should fill the people, or, of injuring his chances forvacancies, by appointments. further political honors, should causeIt was a most unpleasant duty Mm to hesitate in courageously disthrust upon me but it placed in my charging this duty and in savins thehands the nower to enforcce the Sun- state from embarrassment. In tillsday closing law, and I was determinednot to lose the opportunity, eventhough all the political powers ofthat city were opposed to it. I madesure of it in the appointment of Mr.Bingham as mayor. From a politicalstandpoint it was a most unpopularposition to take at that time. I wathen Democratic nominee for the senate, and the election was to be heldin the general assembly of the following winter; and I knew that myaction meant to me the loss of nearlyevery member of the Louisville dele-Cat.inn in fh TotHsTattiTo nnrl avarv. w w wo""-""-' "" .wmember from elsewhere in the statethat could be controlled by the en-raged liquor interests. They succeed-ed in punishing me that winter, butit left me with no bitterness towardsanyone; and I have rejoiced to see. 2 J Xthat the position I then took in thesematters has been fully vindicated, andthat no party nor politician in thatcity would now even think of advocating publicly the open Sunday saloon. ,I am not influenced by any feelingof unkindness or hostility to those engaged in the liquor business. As individuals, I should not wish to doany of them harm; but this is aquestion of principle and not of men;and I believe that where the peoplehave expressed their wishes in laws,those laws should be rigidly enforced.Opponent to Blame. !I regret that it has been necessaryto give so much attention to, or tocriticise, my opponent, Mr, Stanley.But as he has pitched his campaignupon such a low plane, of misrepre-1sentation and abuse, he can not hopeto escape a fair and just discussionof his own record. His speeches conist of two parts; first, extravagantpraise of himself, and second, abuseof me.It is proper, therefore, that uponthis occasion, at least, I should showthe utter falsity of the chargesagainst me, and the irresponsiblecharacter and Indefensible record ofthe man who makes them. No consideration for the truth, no regard forthe intelligence of his hearers, deterhim from the most unwarranted statements, in his efforts to win votes.There is no style ot oratory easierto acquire, or temporarily more popular with the unthinking, than that ofabuse and vituperation. From an ordinary book of synonyms an abundantvocabulary of defamatory epithetsmay be easily memorized, and, whenaccompanied with boisterous declamations and vehement gesticulations,is sometimes mistaken by the unwaryfor real oratory. An orator of thatkind is ever willing to sacrifice factsto secure applause, believing that awell-started falsehood is not oftenovertaken by the truth, and really notcaring very much If it should be. for,by the time it is overtaken his Iertile imagination has been able to invent a new one and start it upon itswicked career. The gauge by whichhe usually measures the success ofone of his speeches is in the amount ofperspiration he has been able to exudeduring its delivery. The man who soassails me in this campaign hasachieved an unenviable and even anational notoriety as an actor In thatbranch of the art; and it is not surprising, therefore, that he should bechosen as the mouthpiece of the liquorinterests in. this fight against me. Afitter instrument for that characterof work could not easily have beenfound.I have no fear of any attacks uponmtr fenrfA tt c o miMIi COrvatlt T nTTInot vain enough to claim that it hasbeen free from mistakes; but thesearchlight of strictest scrutiny hasbeen turned upon it in many campaigns, and I believe I may say. without boast, that it has stood the test.In the nearly eight years of my service as governor, I had many difficultconditions and trying problems to dealwith; but I am perfectly willing to!stand upon a comparison of that ad-ministration of the affairs of my sue -.cessors in office.State Debt Wiped Out.When I went into office as governorthere was a debt upon the state of and binding obligation upon the sueabout $1,700,000. When I went out of cessful party and its 'candidates.office all of that vdebt had been paid, I shall here call attention to anthe financial credit of the state was , other glaring and absolutely inexcusat the highest point it has ever been, ! able misrepresentation of the facts andbefore or since that time; and there of my position, made by Mr. Stanleywas more than $1,000,000 in the state j in his speeches, in regard to a certaintreasury. All obligations of the state ' resolution offered by Mr. Bryan inwere promptly paid when presented, I the Baltimore convention. No demano interest bearing warrant had to be j gogue ever attempted a cheaper orIssued, no increased tax rate was put more discreditable artifice, with whichupon the people, and during that time to deceive the people or to Injurethe annual revenues of the state were an opponent, than he has done in hisnot as large as they have been during attempt to show that I was not in synvsucceedlng administrations-.. . pathy with the sentiment of that reso-By hard work and by patient atten-s lution as it was finally adopted by thetion to the duties of the office. T kn convention. Let us read the resolu-In close touch with the treasury conditions, and at each eessioa of thegeneral assembly I was prepared toInform the legislators about thoseconditions and keep them from appro-priating any more money than thetevenues of the state could afford. Legislators are not always to be blamedfor appropriating more money thantan be afforded, When a hundred andthirty-eight members so to the can-ital once in two years for only sixty ! declare ourselves opposed to the nomdays, from all walks of life, it is not inatlon of any candidate for president !to be expected that they should learn , who is the representative of, or underaccurately, in so short a time, the ex- j obligation to J. Pierpont Morgan,act conditions of the revenue affairs Thomas F. Ryan, August Belmont, orof the state. But It la .the especial du- any other member of the priTileety of the rovarnor to advise them hunting and favor-seekim claif.about such matters: to ihow then"how far they can go .in spesidg thestate's mooey,. a Wr'aiakM'way, during my administration, weprotected the state from deficits andaebts.Accomplishments Reviewed.And yet we were able to accom-rlicri rrmpri in rrio lino tt rr .ErrPiS.and improvement. The new capitalwas built and made ready to be fur-nished. The two normal schools rarecstablished and the term of the Vnb- jlie schools was extended from five tosix months; and at no other period Iin the state's history was so muchPVPr flnnA for th rsuiRfl. of ortiiration.... ...jyj 0i tne state institutions were enlarged and improved, and new insti-tutions were established-These things. nthflr . don. nt nnlv wlth.out inCTeasing tne tax rate or borrow-!, . hl.f whilA W1 wprp ctu-0 -.w-.wrf 9 - .. - .. , .. v. v .ally paying off the debt Inherited fromnrfinpiHnir administrations. Wise and !beneficial legislation was enacted during that period, in the Interest of thefarmers, the laboring men, and all legitimate classes of our people andfor the commercial and industrial development of the state. When the Republican administration came mto control in 1908, and had complete accessto all the records and books for fouryears, they were unable, after diligentsearch to find anything in all thoseeight years of my administration uponwhich to base just criticism.But I shall not dwell longer uponthese matters. For the part I mayv c j i ii xu t- , !have had in all of these achievements,or for any credit I might deserve, Ileave to' the fair and impartial judg-!ment of the people of Kentucky. jAs to my -position upon national is-'sues, I believe that, too, is well knownin this state. Since 1896, I have followed the leadership of Mr. Bryan andadvocated in every campaign sincethen the causes for which he hasstoodv I defended him and his prin- iciples when they were not so popularas they are now; and no one has rejoiced more than I have in seeing thesteady growth and complete triumphof those principles. The people of thiscountry have never had an abler, moredevoted, or more useful leader thanhe has been: and it must be of in-finite satisfaction to his patrioticpride, for him now to see that mostof those reforms, for which he hasso valiantly fought in times of defeatand adversity, and against such powerful opposition, have at last becomea part of the organic and statutorylaw of the land. It is a greater victorythan to have won even the presidencyof the United States.Always Favored Bryan.At the Baltimore convention of1912, I voted for- him for the chairmanship of the convention. When hewas defeated for that, I was one of.tnose who wished to make him chair- jman of the committee on resolutions. ,But he declined the nositlon of chair-I stood with him in his work! manin framing that platform, and I wasearnestly for the same man whom hesupported for the nomination for thepresidency Woodrow Wilson. I amin hearty accord with the principles ofthat platform, and with the policiesand methods of President Wilson andhis administration in redeeming thepromises made in it. I like the wayin which the president does his work.There is nothing of the noisy andtumultuous demagogue abouf him.With a keen intelligence, with an earnest patriotism, and with that calm, yetdetermined, spirit of the real statesj man, he steadily and unostentatiouslyI sets about the accomplishment of hisreforms and his purposes; and so far, he h!s, succeedJd nanreloinfly veil. 1was his supporter for the Democraticnomination for the presidency for ayear or more before he was nominated, not only because I considered himthe most available candidate to winin the November election, but alsobecause I believed he possessed toan eminent degree those qualities ofstatesmanship which would enableui x- it-u rt.. -u .,. tnn . . . . . .,. .. ' . y , . ,progressive Democracy, and to demonstrate that a platform or campaigndeclaration was not merely an emptypromise to win votes, but a solemntion as it was offered by Mr. Bryan,and see what it said:"Resol- ', That in: this crisis in ourparty's career and in .our country'shistory, this convention, sends greet-Jng to the people of the United States,r.nd assures them that the party otJefferson and Jackson is still thechampion of popular government andequality before the law. As proof ofour fidelity to the people, we hereby. r . .Be it-farther resetted, Tawtmand the withdrawal froaa this evintjoa f amy r 4elee4sVconstituting or rspraemtftanamed interests"I was not in the- conventiowhen that resolution wa introieestand read, and when I carae In a wVscene of tumult and disorder exists.After L got to the Kentucky delacartion, r was told that the resohttkwa.demanded the withdrawal fro .convention of certain delegate. Iwas opposed to such shtasmut sjkTIrregular method of expelling 4elegates,, even though those; detecaesrraJ Wt 8fnV"TV&! f? Tfon Itt ?8 midst of Je " ?fusIon oIse- jf f tafca"WW tne, Kentucky delegates, Junderstanding that to be flit tjctu,B.lwwTu cCi "- ".Bu, voieu agaiust it, nusotashamed of that vote cast under kconditions.The poll of our delegation show4that only 3 votes were for the rs-olutfon and 22 against It, InclIrthe- vote of Governor McCreary, wbov0 aB x aia- DUl aroat ms Ttc' J"jr-... . . , my.Niamey xor some xeBou, mccriticism. Shortly before the scrtary of the convention called the roU.of the statesv Mr Bryan himself withdrew the offensive part of the resolution,, calling for the withdrawal Cthose delegates, and the resolutioa aaamended was adopted by a vote C883 for, to 201 against it. It tkerefore carried by an overwhelming Majority, and fn the excitement and confusion it was not considered necessary for Kentucky to change its Totefor it. Even all of the New York: asdi riVirinlo i-ntoc 1-rt urTlnsa 1I0I0C9HMUIfl - ' oWected to werasa "J delegates- oDjectea to. werecast for It A consideration ot tie, . . .. . ,. ,., ,.vote, uiereiore, suows mat il iuu jbwvsignify the real sentiments of eTarrdelegate; or, In otber words, indicatethat all of those who voted for tkeresolution really favored It, or that altof those whose votes were recoritetagainst it were against it.Favored Resolution.If you will read that part of the ree-olution which was adopted, you willremember that I not only favored abusolutely its purpose, but that both, before the Kentucky state conventfon,and in the national convention, I did.everythiDg I could to help the noiaination of Woodrow Wilson, wao wnot under obligations to J. PierpotMorgan, Thomas F. Ryan, or'Agaart:Belmont, or to any of the favor-seeking interests, wnne Mr. scanieydoing all he could to help Mr. Clark:and I intend no reflection whateverupon that distinguished and worthygentleman's democracy or integritywhom those men and their associateswere trying to nominate. Mr. Stanleywas striving, for purposes of Ixatrcombe, to vote to unseat some of those,delegates who were supporting; tintsame candidate for president that hswas supporting. That illustrates verrwell how little regard for consisteiicyhe has.But it is a waste of time to diseaseso trifling and absurd an attemptupon his part to raise an issue aboat' this matter' ,The.pe?Ie t KnWKnow too wen tnat in au questionsof vital principles, I have unfalteringly and without exception stood by Mr.Bryan, since he first became a natfcraal leader, and by Mr. Wilson since hefirst became a candidate for the presidency. But I must close. My candidacy forthe office of United States senator wiirbe determined, not by the unfair and.wilful misrepresentations of a recklesstopponent, but by ray conduct in thepast, by my record as a man and as- aofficial, and by my position upon public questions. In such a fight, witsuch elements of oppositon to me, tcan not hope to escape calumny astlmisrepresentation. But I have svefe.faith in the intelligence, fairness and!patriotism of the people of Kentuckythat I have no fear of the result, aaI confidently place my candidacy J.their hands.If nominated and elected to this position, I shall assume it and discbarxits duties in no spirit of vainglortoespride, but with a heart and mind frefrom any embarrassing or Improperobligations, and devoted entirelv to-faithful and efficient service of tbpeople of my state and of ray country-Economy is a good trait. Butguys wear the same shirt all week.Gas'ir ltting !Plumbing and Elecri-cal Work in AUTheir BranchesStoves, Rangesand Appliances.Spicer &Gilchrist, iElk' BuMMf ;Lf. Phone, 103Home PIimc, 101mtfje lfH was vo4 yATHE BOURBON NEWS, PARIS, KENTUCKY. MARCH 20, 1914;RED BALLA nice spoon in each package.Roasted and packed frest everyday. Insist upon this brand,for sale by all Grocers.CERTIFIED CHECKI Oijl m W m mm .am .aI aJ a...v.iu3cu iii oaiuiaiy ataiuu car-tons, eosts less, worm morp.. - - - -w . . p -Save the Coupons.COfFE EFor Sale by all Grocers. tliiI4II3,Iii&I1i1;4Rp1nTJNEWS OF MILLEOURGMr. Tice Hutsell has returned tohis home in Colorado ofter an extended visit to relatives here.Miss Florence Vimont was thesuest of her sister, Mrs. W. A. Munzing, in Maysville, from Saturbay to.Monday. She was accompanied homeby Mrs. Munzing.Mr. and Mrs. E. B. Taylor entertained several friends at rook Tuesday evening. A delightful lunch wasserved, and everything was in St.Patrick colors.The annual Senior and Juniorreception of the M. F. C, will beheld this evening in the college building. It promises to be one of thqmost elaborate occasions of the season. Mrs. C. E. Prine, of Custer, SouthDakota, arrived Tuesday as guest ofher sister, Mrs. W. G. Dailey. Shehas been at the bedside of her father,"Tiev, Alex Sanders, in Cincinnati,for the past two weeks.The Hurst Home Insurance Co.has rented the property from the I.O. O. F. lodge recently vacated bythe pool room of Mr. C. E. Bryan, andCWBORLAND'SThe Home of Good Wall Paperm.mmmmmmmmmmsmmmmmm!m3" " j)pgA & 3iNew Location 514 Main StreetNew Parlors Ideal Light( New Papers Exquisite DesignsNew Ideas Up to the MinuteNew Prices The Very LowestLOOK US UPNext to JVIrs'. Mamie IParlcer, opp. Fordham HotelEverything in Wall Paper from Cheapest to BestTELEPHONE 159fmggr Till?ItI' va.jjjMnj 1 1 . ...icfjiThewearshoes, must be sold to make roomfor our enormous stock of' Springgoods. Some of our great bargains:Men's Best Made ShoesMen's Bench-Made Shoes-.Men's Gun ;Metal ShoesBoys' Gun Metal Shoeswill move their office to it as soon asit can be put in the proper condition.Improvements are being made andthe officers of the company hope toget into their new quarters within thenext week.The pupils of the Public Schoolafternoon at 2 o'clock, which was under the direction of their teachers,Misses Elliott and Clarke. The roomwas filled to its utmost capacity andthe entertainment consisted of readings, dialogues and choruses, closingwith a little two-piece act, "TheCountry School." The children werewell drilled and all executed their,parts nicely. The little folks inthe attractive manner in which theybrought out their ittle parts createda storm of applause. The little twoact burlesque, with Miss Rankin,one of the advanced pupils of theschool, as teacher, was the hit of theoccasion.Mr. and Mrs. W- D. Mclntyre entertained Tuesday evening with a"St. Patrick reception" and a flowerentertainment in honor of Mr. andMrs. A . J. Thaxton. There werethirty-four young married peopleand younger ladies and gentlemen ofthe town present. Everything wascarried out in the St. Patrick colors.The guests were received at the frontdoor by Miss Caroline Mclntyre,OF OURmmTHE FINAbalance oftogetherm&9..$3.50... 2.99... 1.99.. 1.49Ladies' Pumps in All Colors and Styles at t!ie Lowest Pricesdaughter of the hostess, who usheredthem into the presence of the receiving line, which was made up ofMr. and Mrs. W. D. Mclntyre, Mr.and Mrs. A. J. Thaxton. The flowergome was played, in which questionswere asked concerning the bride andgroom and had to be answered withflowers. A meat and salad lunchwas served. Everything in the lunchhad a St. Patrick emblem about it.It was a beautiful entertainment andwas heartily enjoyed by all present.Mrs. J. T. Vansant, of Paris, andMiss Emma Hunt, a visiting nurse ofFrankfort desire to meet the ladiesof the town in the lecture room of theMethodist church this afternoon at1:30 o'clock, for the purpose of organizing a Health and Welfare League.Miss Hunt is a trained nurse of largeexperience and is connected withthe Kentucky Tuberculosis Commission. These Health Leagues are bebeing organized many places in thisand other counties. It is the hopeall the ladies of the town and community will avail themselves of the opportunity of meeting these ladies.They have much to tell which is forthe good of the health of a community, and it will be your loss if everyone does not attend.PARIS MAN WILL LOCATEIN INDIANA CAPITAL.Mr. Lee Starke, of this city, whofor the past several years has beenconnected with the grocery firm ofLavin & Connell, has resigned ' hisposition and left Tuesday for Cincinnati, where he has accepted a positionwith the Hackney Coal Co. Mr.Starke will leave shortly for Indian-, apolis, where he will have his headquarters. Mrs. Starke, who is atpresent at the Fordham Hotel, willjoin him about May 1.BULK SEEDS.A full line of D. M. Ferry gardenseed in bulk. All these seeds arefresh and are absolutely the best onthe market.(17-tf) JOHN SAUERADMINISTRATOR OF CHAS. E.BRYAN APPOINTED.Judge C. A. McMillan in the CountyCourt Tuesday appointed Mr. C. W.Corrington, of Millersburg, as administrator of the estate of the late Mr.Charles E. Bryan, who died at Millersburg last week. Mr. Corringtonqualified and gave bond,,in the sum ol$1,000, with Hon. W. C. Owens, ofLouisville, uncle of the deceased, assurety. It is said that Mr. Bryan'sestate will reach in the neighborhoodof $9,00 which will go to his uncle,Hon. W. C. Owens, his nearest relative. Mr VlGREATour WinterAm s& 8HUM i CWALKL CUT ILadies' Custom Made Shoes ..$2.99Ladies' Gun Metal, Shoes, button... 2.49Ladies' Patent Shoes, button 1.99Ladies' Gun Metal Shoes 1.49IMliiLTALBOTT-FOSTER.The marriage of Miss Dorothy L.Talbott to Dr. Harry E. Foster wasquietly celebrated Wednesday afternoon at three o'clock, at the home ofthe bride's parents, Sheriff and Mrs.W. F. Talbott, on Seventh street.The ceremony was performed in thlibrary, which was appropriately decorated in green and white. The brideand bridegroom stood in front of anarch of smilax and white roses, connecting the library and music room,while handsome ferns and palms werebanked on either end. The housewas darkened and softly illuminatedwith white candles in silver candlelabra. Mrs. Wade PL Whitley, cousin ofthe bride, played the program ofbeautiful wedding music while theguests were assembling, and thebride an1 bridegroom entered to thestrains of the wedding march. Therewere no attendants.The bride looked strikingly handsome in a tailored gown in one of thenew shades of velvet, and a closefitting hat trimmed with pink rosesand foliage.She is the older of two daughtersof Mr. and Mrs. Talbott, her sisterbeing Mrs. Grover Baldwin, and is ayoung woman of many accomplishments and graces of character.The bridegroom is a prominent andsuccessful young dentist who cameto this city several years ago fromOwenton, Ky., to practice his profession, and has become very popular inthis community.Rev. W. E. Ellis, pastor of the ParisChristian church, performed the ceremony, using the impressive ring service. After congratulations Dr. andMrs. Foster left for a short weddingtrip and upon their return will takerooms with Mrs. Camilla Wilson, onHigh street. The popularity of theyoung couple was attested by thelarge number of useful wedding gifts.The bride's two grandmothers werepresent, Mrs. Blannie D. Shipp, ofLexington, and Mrs. Annie Talbott,of Paris, and the eldest person present was Mrs. Lou Barclay Smith, ofRacine, Wis., who is 89 years old.Others from a distance were MissMabel Foster, of Owenton, sister ofthe bridegroom, Mr. and Mrs. PaulShipp, Mr. Fithian Shipp, Miss Russell Shipp, all of Lexington, and Mr.FREEMAN-FREEMANProf. William Edmund Freeman,of the Electrical Engineering Department of the State University of Kentucky, was married in Omaha, Neb.,Wednesday night, to Miss ShirlieJane Freeman, of Omaha. Althoughhaving the same name the bride andsFoot- - f Iturn weight ' 1bridegroom were not related to eachother.Dr. Chas. A. Vance, of Lexington,; was best man and Mrs. Vance matronof honor. Among those at the wed-Iding reception were Mrs. W. O. Hinton and Mrs. Amos Turney, of Paris.After a shore wedding trip to NewYork and other Eastern cities Prof,and Mrs. Freeman will be at home inLexington after April 15.! A marriage license was issued byCounty Clerk Pearce Paton, Wednesday, to Mr. Terrell Rankin and Missi Maggie Freeman, both of this county.ITHE CHARMING NEW MILLINERYLovely hats, every one of them.Small in size, odd in shape, and withtrimmings of a varied nature; manybeautifully ribbon trimmed; othersadorned with wreaths and stick-upsof flowers. All distinctive in design,no two alike. You will find style,quality and low pricing harmoniouslyblended second floor.HARRY SIMON.CHILDREN'S WEAR.Confirmation is near and we arprepared with . a splendid collection 'of exquisite dresses, in white, touchedwith ribbons. Also to be found arewash dresses of all kinds, and springcoats second floor.HARRY SIMON.FRIENDS, SCHEMERS, FUN ANDEXTRAVAGANCE WILL GET ITUNLESS -YOU PUT IT INTO THC1f'or-Friends are few. Thoce so-called fair-weather friendswho borrow your money are in the same class with theschemer who tries to get you to invest it in wild-cat enterprises. The temptation to spend your money while youhave it in YOUR POGKET is very great. YOUK MONEYis your "best friend." When It is in our bank it is SAFE. Noone wants his bank balance to grow smaller.Make OUR bank YOUR bank ' -Wepay 3 per cent, interest on Savings.DEPOSIT BANK OF PARISCapital, $100,000.00.3. M. HALL. Presidentrofe!i nmm oofe iBest at uoPotatoes, fancy Northern Stock, per pk. 30cPotatoes, fancy Northern Stock, per bn. $1.Navy Beans, ber lb 5cKidney Beans, per lb Vt 8 l-3c. .Tomatoes, per can ,..'..?...: .10cf3 cans Standard Corn, A. .. .-.25cSweet Potatoes, per can. . , k 10c3 packages Gold Metal Oats. ..-....'. 25c2 large size Mackerel ;.loz'3 large 'size packages Maccaroni . .-. 25c6'bars Octagon Soap :2oc6 loars Clean-Easy Soarj . .-.25cr 7 .bars.Lenox Soap .25c' 20 lbs. best Eastern Sugar .$1.00(With'a three dollar purchase) .Stone's Silver Slice Cakes received fresh daily.Order early and your order will be delivered on time.A DELICIOUS FLAVQRA trial will prove the deliciousflavor, and a dish of Butter-Wheatwill give a wholesome satisfactionwhich will last until the next mealFor sale by all the leading grocers.YOU CAN CLIP HORSESYou can clip horses, mules andcows with the Stewart Ball-BearinClipping Machine. Cuts quick, stayssharp, lasts long. Horses, mules andcattle can be clipped without changing. Recommended by veterinariansand prominent dairymen. The pricecomplete is only $7.50. We are theagents for Paris and will take pleaure in showing them.(13-4t) LAVIN & CONNELL.SEED POTATOESWe have them all kinds. Bothphones.SAUER'S GROCERY(13-tf) , Opposite CourthouseWHOLESOME AND BENEFICIALNumerous "instances can be citedwhere persons who have beenfound a safe and satisfactory remedyin using Butter-Wheat. Try a package. Surplus, $40,000.00.C K. THOMAS.Cashierwest Prices!lillillWI'lliWIlit)', BY THE OLD RELIABLE HOUSEIHMk. A HHB .mm ' ' ' c'JLJ Jt JMCash Grocery..Both Phones234m m1 CIIm i r " "'- w n w. wrKrKJ JCZL JEIa J.MIIwmmmmwmmiimmmaBmmmmmm