r-NJ V '2. f itTHE BOURNEWS,"? 'PUBLISHED EVFB.Y TUESDAY AND FB.IDAY IN THE TEABVOLUME XXXIIPARIS, KENTUCKY, TUESDAY, JULY 21, 1914.BONDIRECTORS OFIALEXANDER BANKNOWGETTK.Are Sued To Recover Alleged Illegal Dividends.THE DIRECTORS -HELD LIABLE.MR. THOMAS SPEAKS TO BIGCROWD AT WINCHESTER.Sums Aggregating $48,000Mentioned in the PetitionFiled in Court.Thomas J. Smith, Banking Commissioner of the State of Kentucky, andBuckner Woodford, Special DeputyBanking Commissioner in charge ofthe defunct George Alexander & Co.State Bank, through their attorney,John J. Williams, Saturday filed withCircuit Clerk W. sH. Webb suitagainst the directors of the Alexander bank to recover for alleged illegaldividends declared.The petition cites that on June 27,1907, the defendants at a meeting heldin th the banking office declared semianual dividend on its capital stockof 8 per cent., amounting to 3,200,which, the plaintiffs allege was illegaland contrary to the statutes, becausethe defendants did not deduct fromthe earnings of said bank all of theexpensis, losses, bad debts, interestand taxes accured or due from thebank as the law requires. Further,that said bank had not, on the 29thday of June, 1907, earned said $3,200,as contemplated by the statutes, andthe banking institution of George Alexander & Co. was insolvent.The plaintiffs say that at the timeeach and every one of the future dividends were declared said institutionwas insolvent and that said insctitntion was insolvent on the 19th day ofMay, 1914, when the directors placedsaid institution in the hands of theBanking Commissioner. Plantffs further say that these defendants arejointly and severally liable for all theabove sums. s -The papers filed contain 15 paragraphs, each repr,esejkting a dividendof $3,200 and aggregating a sum of$48,000, for which the plaintiffs allegethe defendant directors are liable.Before one of the largest and mostenthusiastic crowds ever assembled inthe Clark County court house, Hon.C. M. Thomas, of Bourbon County,Saturday addressed the voters in theinterest of his candidacy for the Democratic nomination for Congress fromthe Seventh Congressional District.The large court room was packedto overflowing and besides the largenumber who went away after it became apparent that there would be nochance to hear the speech of the aspirant from Bourbon. They crowdejdthe corridors and the walls aroundthe court room and stood in the aislesof the court room where the speakerheld the attention of his hearers.In addition to the large number ofvoters, which included farmers, business men and men of overy walk oflife there was a large number ofladies.Mr. Thomas was introduced to thelarge crowd by Mr. D. L. Pendleton,one of his strongest and most ardentsupporters in Clark County. Mr.Pendleton paid a glowing tribute tothe record of Mr. Thomas and referred to his record in his fight for temperance. When Mr. Thomas arose to addressthe voters he was greeted by thundersof applause and all during his address he was frequently interruptedby the enthusiastic crowd who gavevent to their feelings by prolonged applause. Mr. Thomas opened his speech bypaying a beautiful compliment toClark County and her people as neigbors of his home county of Bourbon,and then took up the issues of thecampaign, which he discussed at somelength and made a most convincingargument as to the perfidy of his opponent who on the same platform lastSaturday spoke in the interest of hiscandidacy for Congress.T1CAMPAIGNINFAYETTE COUNTY.r"WE KNOW HOW"Declares Charges MadeBy Gantrill AbsolutelyFalseiSUPPORTSSAMEBY AFFIDAVITS.Party Regularity of the Congressman in the BeckhamBradley Contest For Senate Questioned.POWELL SOLID FOR THOMAS.STANTON, KY., July 20. Hon.Claude M. Thomas is gaining groundall over the county. Nearly everybody in the county is opposed to Hon.J. C. Cantrill because of his stand onthe liquor question. The town ofStanton is almos't solid for Thomas.John Sewell, of Watersville, saysthat everybody in his neighborhood isfor Thomas.THOMAS CLUB ORGANIZEDAT LITTLE ROCK.NO BLANK LINE ON BALLOTMR. GARNETT EXPLAINS.Many county officers are confusedagain about the primary ballots, andhave inquired of Attorney GeneralGarnett whether they must leave ablank line under the names of candidates for each nomination. Expaliniug that the primary law does not perl At the writing of names of candidates on the ballot, nor the countingof votes for candidates whose namesare written, Mr. Garnett said, no blankl"ies should be inserted.URGES THAT OPENING OFSCHOOLS BE DELAYEDDelay in securing the school bookfor the county school are causingmuch apprehension among the superintendents and school trustees inmany counties of the State, and thepostponement of the opening of thecounty schools until they can be received is being urged by State Superintendent Barksdale Hamlett.The short time which has been given the publishing companies havingthe contracts for furnishing theschool books for the county schools,following the awards made by theSchool Book Commission is given asthe reason for the delay.Superintendent Miss Mabel Robbins Saturday received a letter fromSuperintendent Hamlett relative toopening of the schools in BourbonCounty. The letter is as follows:"I am writing this letter to adviseyou to do best you can under the circumstances and use your best effortsto persuade your trustees to delay theopening of all schools in your countyuntil the first Monday in August, atwhich time I believe the books can besecured."Sincerely yours,"BARKSDALE HAMLETT."Representative citizens of LittleRock, this county, supporters of Hon.Claude M. Thomas, organized a Thomas Campaign Club at that place Friday, with a large membership. Theclub will take an active part in theCongressional campaign.THAVIU'S CONCERT BAND TOPLAY HERE SUNDAY, AUG. 2.INTRODUCED BY HOBBSIN ELOQUENT ADDRESSLexington Lawyer Makes aHit in Presenting theBourbon Candidate.STRAW HATSATftHALF PRICE!Panamas and HopkinsStraws at ReducedPrices.BUY NOWWhile We Have Your Size.Mr. Rudolph Davis returned fromCincinnati last night, where he perfected arrangements with the celebrated Thaviu Concert Band, of Chicago, for a matinee concert at theParis Fair Grounds on Sunday after-Tnoon, Aug. 2. The band, which is oneof the finest musical organizations inAmerica, is now filling a two-weeks'engagement at the Cincinnati Zoo.Mr. Davis endeavored to have theband here for a night performance,but was unable to get the date, asthe organization had a contract to appear in Lexington .on that night,.The band will play at the Blue GrassFair the following week following itsSunday afternoon engagement here.The band is accompanied by sixgrand opera singers and a male trioof comedy singers. The Thaviu Bandis widely known for its afficiency, andit will certainly play a delightful program. Added to ths program is theaddition of that institution known asthe tabloid opera. It will be a distnctive feature of the second part ofthe afternoon performance. Sixgrand opera singers in costume willsing favorite selections from popularoperas, with stage settings, making itin fact an opera in miniature. Thetrio of comedy singers will also beheardHon. Claude M. Thomas, formerState Senator from the Bourbon-Clark-Montgomerydistrict, candidatefor the Democratic nomination forCongress against J. Campbell Cantrill, the incumbent, addressed an enthusiastic crowd that filled the Circuit Court room of the Fayette County court house, at least a hundredstanding about the walls and manyothers being unable to enter, Mondayafternoon at 2 o'clock and stated hisposition on the liquor question as being opposed to "everything foryhichthe saloons stands." Mr. Thomas alsodeclared himself in favor of submitting the Hobson resolution fornation-wide prohibition to the States,because it was "good Democracy tolet the poeple themselves say whetheror not they wanted prohibition." Heagain denied the charge of Mr. Cantrill that he had made a deal withthe liquor interest while a candidatefor the Senate or at any other time.Meets Cantrill's Arguments.Mr. Thomas met the arguments ofMr. Cantrill that the prohibition ofthe liquor traffic would cause everyman who wanted it "to set up a stillin his back yard" by quoting fromdecisions of the Supreme Court ofthe United States that no man hada right to run such a still for his ownuse.He said he doubted if $5,000,000worth of property in Kentucky wouldbe "confiscated" by a prohibition iaw,against the valuation of $100,000,000placed upon these plants by his opponent.He declared also that Cantrill himself had promised to vote for such abill as the Webb-Kenyon bill, whenhe made the race for the nominationfour years ago, and that a ministernow in Indiana had written him thatCantrill made such a promise directly to him when he (Cantrill) made aspeech in Henry County, where theminister was then located.Later, Mr. Thomas said, Cantrillvoted against the bill after havingsuDDorted an amendment that wouldhave made it unconstitutional, thoughMitchell & Blakemore,IThe Store for Men's Stylese9- w1Thaviu, the director of the band, isa director df international fame and a tne reason he gave f or voting againstman or artisuc aiuumueuLj,. xiis, uauu it was that the biU itself was unC0I1.ib composed of a sprinkling of artist- stitutionai.musicians from all nations. The com- Question for the Courts.ing of Thaviu's Band will be a real j Mn Tnomas was 0f the opiniontreat to the music-lovers of this city. J that quesiions affecting the constitu-His repertoire is practically unlim- j tioriality of laws were properly forltea- . . . the courts and not the legislators toFurther notice win ue givenCROMWELL'S MELANGE.In his write-ups of State politics inSunday's Enquirer, State correspondent Thomas B. Cromwell, says:"Friends of Judge Emmet Dickson, ofParis, say that his formal annuoncement of candidacy for Democraticnomination for Circuit Judge in .theFourteenth District, which comprisesBourbon, Franklin, Scott and Woodford counties, may be xepected soonafter the primary election. JudgeRobert Lee Stout, of Frankfort, willbe a candidate to succeed himself mthis office. '"The ratio for Congressman J.Campbell Cantrill as against formerState Senator Claude M. Thomas is,allowing the latter 2.200 votes in hishome county of Bourbon, 5 to 3.", A WONDERFUL PICTURE."The Million Dollar Mystery" at theColumbia Theatre, Wednesday, July22nd.through the press of this city of theprogram to be rendered at this matinee performance..PORCH SHADESWe sell the beautiful and serviceable "No Whip" Porch Shades. Theywill please you.A. F. WHEELER & CO.(5-tf)FUGITIVES FROM JUSTICEARRESTED BY SHERIFF.Sheriff W. G. McClintock and Patrolman James Moreland arrested, .Elmer Bowman, white, of HarrisonCounty, Sunday night, on a benchwarrant issued by the Harrison County Court, on a charge of gaming. Hewas taken to Cynthiana, Mondaymorning by Sheriff John Stewart, ofHarrison County.Sheriff McClintock, on Saturdaynight, arrested Horace Redmon, colored, who has been wanted by the localauthorities here for some time on twocharges, carrying concealed weapons',and cutting and -wounding with 'intentto kill. RecTmon has been a fugitivesince last spring. The Sheriff nabbed his' man at the corner of Mainand Eighth.pass upon.On the platform with Mr. Thomaswere Hon. W. C. G. Hobbs, who introduced him, and Colonel GeorgeW. Bain, dean of temperance oratorsof America, who delivered the address at the local option campaignopening at the Auditorium Sundaynight.Mr. Thomas was frequently interrupted by applause and every pointhe scored against the interference ofthe liquor interests in politics wasroundly cheered. A feature of themeeting was the considerable numberof Bourbon and Scott County Democrats in the audience. Mr. Thomasmade the prediction that he wouldcarry Scott County and the dsitrict.Hobbs' Speech Makes Hit.Mr. Thomas was introduced byMr. Hobbs in a speech which madea distinct hit with the big crowd:"This district is patient, forbearing and long suffering," he said."No district in the nation in the daysthat are gone was represented bygreater statesmen or more brilliantmen than the old Ashland District.In those days public office was a public trust and the officeholder a publicservant and trustworthy one."If one contemplates the conditions in those days with conditionsm-ntin-nnA rtn "Do era 9"VFRANK & CO.Now Going On!ttIJ.SPECIAL OFFERINGOF!Ladies' and Misses' SuitsWorth Regularly $20.00 and $25.00NOW S5.00 EACHLadies' and Misses' SergeDressesWorth Regularly $7.50 and $10.00NOW$3.95EACHThese Suits and Dresses areWorthy of Your CarefulInspection.FRANK 5c CO.The Store Where Reliability Reigns.t4Paris, Kentuckyis4P.a55LrsTHE BOURBON .NEWS, PARIS, KENTUCKY, JULY 21 1914MMMMHaMBMHBBaaBBB' (SfLfest? )wStrength BeautyCome With Dr. Pierce'sGolden Medical DiscoveryThis is a blood cleanser and alterativethat starts the liver and stomach intovigorous action. It thus assists thebody to manufacture rich red bloodwhich feeds the heart nerves brainand srgans of the body. The organswork smoothly like machinery runningin oil. You feel clean, strong andstrenuous instead of tired, weak andfaint. Nowadays you can obtain Dr.Pierce's Golden Medical DiscoveryTablets, as well as the liquid formfrom all medicine dealers, or trial boxof tablets by mail, on receipt of 50c.Address V.M.Pierce,M.D., Buffalo, N.Y.Dr. Pierce's Great 1008 Page IllustratedCommon Sense Medical Adviser will be sentREE, Cloth Bound for 31 One-cent Stamps.-esfiiPhonesandOpportunitiesOUR TELEPHONES WILL BRING YOU CUSTOMERSFRIENDS HELP YOU TO LIVEMr. Business Man Let us bring; customers toyour door.Let us help you increase your sales.Whether you are managing a dry goods store or adairy farm, we can be of real assistance to you. How?By our prompt, efficient day and night telephone service.Realize the full value of "Long Distance" by usingit. Our rates are reasonable.CIk Paris Rome telephone ana CeUgrapb Co.(Incorporated)J. J. VEATCH, District Manager. K. E. SPEARS, Commerical Manager.lNaHBlHBMmi1)jmDnn't Worr-irI Yourself During the IHot Weather! IIBut Come in and We Will Suggesta Quick and Easy Meal for You.Sliced Ham,Minced Ham,Dried Beef, ,Bologna,Imported Swiss Cheese,Brick Cheese,Pimento Cheese,Snappy Cheese,N. Y. Cream CheeseCanned Meats of All Kinds.Stone's Famous Silver Slice Cakes.IT. C. LEINIHAN,Cash Grocerv.Both Phones 234UBiThomas OpensCampaign in Fajette.POPULAR EXCURSIONHIGH BRIDGEKEIVTUCKVSunday, JULY 2675c75cRECREATIONRoundTripMUSICRoundTripSCENERYTickets sold at GEORGETOWN good only on Special Train leaving at 10.S0 am.Apply to nearest Ticket Agent, Queen & Crescent Route, for further information.H. C. KING, Passenger and Ticket Agent,101 E. Main St. Phone 49 LEXINGTON, KY.H. M. HAMILTONVETERINARIANOffice, Butler's Drug Store"Phones 261. Residence phones:-Cumberland 246, Home 449.PARIS, KY.' Couaty Live Stock Inspector.Expert CarriagePainter.Mr. Percy Halm, the expert Carriage Painter, who has been employed by Holiday & Sttle, and also theirsuccessor, Mr. C. M. Heck, for thepast 8 yers, has opened a shop at thecorner of Fouth and High Streets, andsolicits the patronage of those needingtaaything in his line.ByjBh Phones 583.(Cotinued From Page 1)now, as regards our representationin Congress, he is impelled to exclaim: 'My, God, how have themighty fallen.' It is time for us tosend a man to Congress who will represent the best aspirations and thewill of the people of this distrcit andI intend to present to you a man,educated at Princeton University, alawyer and a farmer; a man who hasthe courage to stand for the rightand against the wrong; a Democrat iuwhom there is no guile. No moreloyal Democrat ever sought a nomination in this district. More than thathe is a real man, who stands for thenrot.e;tion of American homes andAmerican womanhood. I present toyou the next Congressman from thisdis'fict, the Hon Clande M. Twumof bourbon County.Senator Thomas' Address.Mr. Thomas spoke in pavt as folic as:' lvour represen-.Vive ha3 gne upand down, throughout this district,vilifying and abusing those of hisconstituents who havs grown wearyof whisky domination of their publicaffairs, and as protest against thatdomination have evidenced a purposeto vote against it at rhis election, fieoccupies a lofty position as member ofCongress, and the woids he speagswill be listened to, if not beueved,hv thft neonle of this district Thepeople of Scott County who were notwilling to longer toierate ballot boxstuffing, and perjured certificates asto the contents of those bcuca, thanwhom no better men live in Americabecause of their fidelity to convictionsas to morality in- puuiic life, have beenthe especial objects of his spiteful attack. "I am of the opinion that they havegiven back in return rather more thanhe contracted for, and I am quitecertain that they are able and willing to endure the situation. WhenMr. Cantrill shall have been retiredto private life these men of ScottCounty whose only fault is to refound in their unwillingness to support and be regarded as identified withMr. Cantrill will continue to be, asthey have heretofore been, leaders inall that affects the moral and Christian side of the life of that greatcounty.Abuse Was Expected."So far as affects me I had not expected anything but abuse and misrepresentation at the hands of yourRepresentative in Congress. WhenMr. Cantrill speaks of me it is nothis voice, but that of the brewers anddistillers whose interests he represents. Mr. Cantrill plays the part ofPunch, but the strings are pulled fromthe headquarters of the brewry interests in the City of Louisville. Hehas spoken no truth of me since thiscampaign begun something over amonth ago."I can not ask you to permit me totake up your thime long enough to goover and deny all of the misstatements made by Mr. Cantrill of me, butto some of them I wish to ask yourattention. He modifies his statementsas he changes his location. In dryterritory he accuses me of leaning tothe wets and in wet territory he saysI am the worst of all the drys. In noplace does he speak the truth. He islike the 12-year-old boy who when ona railroad train told the conductor hewas only ten, and ought to ride free,but when the age limit had to go uphe did not hesitate to swear himselfto be 14.Cantrill Branded "Strange.'' .i"He says that six years ago whenI was a candidate for the State Senate I telephoned to him and askedhim to meet me at the Phoenix Hotel,and that when we met there I said tohim that I was about to be defeatedfor the Senate, and that I appealedto him to obtain for me the supportof the liquor interests in my district,and that I in return for this supportpledged myself to oppose the CountyUnit Bill. What a strange fellowyour Congressman is. He and I madea race for Congress four years ago,and during that canvass Mr. Cantrillmade speeches in every precinct. Atthat time he and his liquor allies saidevery mean thing possible to inventabout me, but it never occurred tohim to accuse me of having madethis appeal to him. And that wasonly two years after the incident issaid by him to have occurred."Does it not seem strange that hecould better remember after six yearsthan he could at the expiration ofonly two? The fact is, my friends,it is a fabrication from beginning toend. It is absolutely false, and tojsiiuw yuu now iaise it is upon its verylace i coma not nave gone o himwith the statement that I was aboutto be defeated, because I had no opposition in that race either in my ownparty for the nomination, or from theRepublicans at the final election.L"quor Deal Denied."Haven gotten into the habit of deceiving his audience he was not willing to stop with talkine: of one deal.but in his speech here at Lexingtonwent further and accused me of having made some sort of deal with theliquor dealers at Paris in the race for(Jongress four years ago. This statement is just as false as the other, andneither contains a particle 'of truth.I never maade any deal with liquordealers four years ago or six yearsago, or at any other time."When a man starts in the wrongdirection there is no limit to thedepths to which he will not sometimes descend, and this rule of life isapplicable not only to ordinary human beings, but sometimes applies toa man of such rare distinction as thatof .a member of Congress. And when)our .representative made up his mindto misrepresent me in as many particulars as he could crowd into aspeech he did not stop with makingmisstatements in regard to deals withthe liquor business, but he concludedto try to play upon the prejudice ofsuch Democrats as would believehim, by giving to them his solemnword that I did not support him inthe November election after he haddefeated me four years ago.t Old History Reviewed."This statement is just as false asthe other two, and there is no truthin any of u the three. I owed himnothing because he had deliberatelybroken his word and promise not .torun against me four years ago, but Iowed it to my party to support itsnominee, and for that reason I supported Mr. Cantrill. As proof, he says,that I did not support him, the precinct of North Middletown, in whichI live gave "me in the primary something over 300 votes and in the November election following only gavehim about 150 votes. According toMr. Cantrill's notion of fair dealingthat ought to convict me of havingbeen against him, but the fact is thatthe same rule if applied would convicta great many Democrats of this district of failing to support Mr. Cantrill,for there was a falling off of the votein many portions of the Seventh Congressional district."Indeed1 there was every reason whyit should have been so. Every manin the district knew that SenatorBradley was opposed to giving Cantrill opposition. He felt kindly toward Mr. Cantrill. There was everyreason why he should have felt kindly toward Mr. Cantrill. It was understood by all that opposition toCantrill was a mere formality and notto be seriously considered by the Republican voters. In that situation theDemocratic nominee had practicallyno opposition, and as a result therewas no intense party feeling, no political excitement, to arouse the enthusiasm and determination of Democratic voters. Thev ote fell off atNorth Middletown as it fell off atmany other places throughout thisCongressional .District."Cannot Question Democracy."No, Mr. Cantrill is not in a positionto question my Democracy. I am fifty-oneyears of age and I have nevercast anything but a Democratic ballot.I have never failed to vote at any regular of primary election, and I havenever scratched a ticket. More thanthat, I have never given encouragement or sympathy to a Republicannominee, and this I am absolutely certain Mr. Cantrill is not in position tosay for himself. For during the longstruggle the Democratic nomineewas making before the Kentucky Legislature for the United States Senate,NOT ONE SINGLE TIME did Mr.Cantrill DARKEN the doors of theDEMOCRATIC HEADQUARTERS,and in addition to this Mr. Cantrill,in conversation with an ex-Sheriff andex-Representative of Bourbon County,said that the Democratic nomineedeserved to be defeated."Leaving out for the moment his association and connection with theelection of Senator Bradley, his(Continued on Page 3)tt,-. -.Yand, sv:Patented.yss-kl1887 I!MUIAiS532Twenty-seven Years Agothe first Cortright Metal Shingles were put on.Another reason for the High Costof Living si that every time a manbets up a sweat he wants to strikefor more pay and less work.Worn Out?No doubt you are, ifyou sulfer from any of thenumerous ailments towhich an women are subject. Headache, backache, sideache, nervousness, weak, tired feeling,are some of the symptcms, and vou must ridyourself of them in orderto feel weil. Thousandsof women, who havebeen benefited by thisremedy, urge you toTAKEThe Woman's TonicMrs. Sylvania Woods,of Clifton Mills, Ky., says:"Before taking C a r d u i ,I was, at times, so weak Icould hardly walk, andthe pain in my back andhead nearly killed me.After taking three bottlesof Cardui, the pains disappeared. Now I feel aswell as I ever did. Everysuffering woman shouldtry Cardui." Getaboltletoday. E-68the Lamp Oil thatNothing is more important in thenome than clear, steady light. Insurethis by getting the oil that burnsclear and clean without a flickerdown to the last drop. Pennsylvaniacrude oil refined to perfection.Costs no more- than the inferiortnnkwnson oils save3 MONEY saves"WORK saves eves.Your dealer has SOLITE OIL inbarrels direct from our works.Ciias. C. Stoil Oii Co.Lexington, Ky.Refinery at Warren, Pa.We sell the celebrated "NoCarb"Auto OILTheStandardEverSlnceThey're still on still in good condition, andthe only attention they've had is an occasionalcoat of paintIn addition to the lasting qualities., they'reFireproof, Stormproof and inexpensive.l For Sale byBEST & HAWKINS, Millersbprg, Kentucky.KENTUCKY STATE FAIRMl b .SEPT. 14th to 19th, 1914$3,000 SADDLE HORSE STAKE$1,000 Light Harness StakeStudent's Judging Contest$1,000 Roadster StakeFarmer Boys' EncampmentTROTTING AND PACING RACES EACH DAYFine Exhibits of Horses, Cattle, Swine, Sheep, Poultry, FieldSeed and Grain, Horticulture and Woman's HandiworkCLEAN MIDWAY AND FREE, ATTRACTIONSGRANDFIREWORKSDISPLAYMATTLE OF MEXiC35Reduced Railroad Rates ForC.talosueandnby Blank AddressS I 1. S f- fM I .tffotsi"irV. . 1 M.? . W , ,a 705 Paul Jones Building, LOUISVILLE, KY.&&&KM8!vVYfTwftyBourbon LaundryDAVIS & FUNK, Props.Telephone No. 4. West 5 Street TWe Take Pleasure.in "oing up the finest shirtwaists or anything in thelaundry line. That is whaymade ihe Bourbon Laundrtfamous fo- fine work and itdever goes btfck on its reputation. If you are particularabout how your linen islaundered, your custom is thekind we want as we like toappreciateeBourbon Laundry,Paris Kentucky,?g:..:k.;.?...(SSSbsm23We don9 1 expect all our friends tobe customers, but all our customerswho useFOX RIDGE COALGROUND FEEDAND SANiPECTare our friends.Dodson & DentonParis, Ky.Yards, South Main St. ' Both Phones 1 40sSS2C8HSS23i?a:sa53S!xars!saSaSJmS.Pans Odorless Owning Co. 8Let us Make that Last Winter's Suit or OvercoatLook Like New.You will be surprised when we send your- clothes home,and will wonder why.you have not tried us before.AH Work Guaranteed SatisfactoryMen's and Ladies' Panama and Straw Hats Cleaned andReblockedto your satisfaction.We Call For and Deliver Work.Call up E. T. Phone 40Paris Odorless Cleaning Co., Sam Levy, Proprietor.White Kid Gloves Cleaned, short, 10c; long 25e.3BsidtoNMMMMHMMBHi.t0,is1 ''THE BOURBON NEWS, PARIS, KENTUCKY, JULY 21, 1.914.Thomas OpensCampaign in Fayette.(Continued From Page 2)aeiglibors in Scott; County complainthat he has never failed to give hissympathy to a Republican nomineein his home county, if that nomineewas on the side of the 'wets.' Now Ihave it on most excellent authoritythat Mr. Cantrill was unwilling to aidthe Democrats of Scott County andthe city of Georgetown in their effortsin behalf of Hon. S. W. Hager, Deincratic candidate for Governor in1907.Affidavit of Mr. Warring."Many of you know Mr. W. C. WarTing. He resides at Georgetown andwas recently Sheriff of Scott Countyand has neia many otner positions ortrust and responsibility. No man inScott County enjoys more thoroughlythe confidence and esteem of hisneighbors than does Mr. Warring. Heis at present Democratic ElectionCommissioner of that county. Hewas chairman g the Democratic Campaign Committee for Scott County in1907, and is naturally in position tospeak with accuracy as to the movesand tactics o Scott County politicsand politicians in that cam'paign."air. Warring has given me an affidavit setting forth certain facts whichI will read to you. A mere statementfrom Mr. Warring, without beingsworn to, would have been sufficient,for Mr. Warrings' unsupported wordwould be accepted wherever he isknown. The affidavit is as follows:Asked Cantrill to Speak."'The affiant, W. C. Warring,states that he was duly appointedChairman of the Democratic Campaign Committee of Scott County.Ky., in the year 1907, when the various State officers were to be electedat the regular November election.During this campaign the Democraticvoters at Sadieville, Stamping Groundand McFarland precincts appealed tome as "Chairman of the aforesaid committee to have Hon. J. C. Cantrillspeak in these precincts in the interest of the Democratic party." 'Mr. Campbell promised to comply with their requests. He was tospeak in conjunction with others atStamping Ground and Sadieville, -butin McFarland he promised to speakalone. Dates for these speakingswere named and advertised in thelocal papers and hand-bills wereprinted and distributed. A brassband was sent to Stamping Groundand to Sadieville. The Hon. J. C.Cantrill did not fill any of the abovenamed appointments nor did hespeak in the couxty during the entire campaign. He did not attendany of the many meetings held atthe Democratic headquarters inGeorgetown.Georgetown Went Republican."'The affiant further states that byvirtue of his office, being then Sheritfof Scott County, he wac Chairman ofthe Board of Election CommissionersAnd was present and assisted in thecounting of the votes cast in the November election of 1907, and that Augustus E. Wilson, llepublican candidate for Governor of Kentucky, received in the city of Georgetown 327over S. W. Hager, the Democratic candidate. " 'The records of the County Boardof County Election Commissionersshow the following results in the gubernatorial contest in 1911, viz: ThatEdward C. O'Rear, the Republicancandidate for Governor of Kentucky,received a majority of only ten votesover James B. McCreary, the Democratic candidate."(Signed)"'W. C. WARRING.'"'"Subscribed and sworn to beforeme this July 9th, 1914." 'W. H. GATE WOOD,-" 'Clerk Scott County Court.'Unwillina to Help Hager."Mr. Cantrill was unwilling to giveof his ability as a public speaker inthe interest of Mr. Hager, the Democratic nominee; promised to speak,and then broke his engagement."Those familiar with the politicalconditions existing in that campaignwill know why Mr. Cantrill brokethese engagements. Had he been aloyal Democrat he would have fulfilled his promises to speak, and hadhe supported Mr. Hager by makingthe speeches he agreed to make, andthus given assurance to the people ofScott County andGeorgetown as tohis position in the matter, Wilsonsmajority in Georgetown in 1907 wouldhave been no greater than O'Rear 3in 1901.Issue is Defined."The issue in this election is simply this: Shall the Seventh Congressional District be represented bysomeone in sympathy with the purposes and aspirations of our people, orshall these people continue to farmout the right of representation at-iT7oCi,inrtnn to the brewry and liquorinterests whose headquarters are centered at Louisville? Everybodyknows, and Mr. Cantrill would hardlydeny, thaffor many years he Has beenthe head and forefront of an alliancebetween these Uauor interests andpolitics and some politicians formedand maintained to control offices andtd make platforms of parties, andthat this alliance is of a dual natureembracing within its scope the Politics and some politicians of both theDemocratic and Republican Parties."The people in that alliance haveno politics. They are Democratic inthe Seventh District because this district accords a Democratic majority of"The lat one of them would be justas ardently Republican if they livedfn Se E eventh District where theRepublican majority is safe and de-PeEdaparty Fidelity Questioned."Mr Cantrill and his associateshave no politics. Their one and solele Zurrulin. yfTghf eSyeif they had the opportunity. If theyhad the chance they would repealevery temperance statute that hasbeen enacted. They would throwopen every door that has been shutin the 'face of liquor. If they hadthpir wav there would be no Sundayclosing and no statutes against selling to minors and inebriates, ineywould desecrate every house of worship by planting a saloon immediatelyopposite its front door, and theywould undo and ste aside the temperance work of half a century by placing a criminal groggery at everycountry crossroads in the State ofKentucky. These are the things theyhave stood for. fought for, and arestanding for and fighting for to-day.Saloon Element Opposed."Now, fellow 'Democrats, I said toyou in a brief communication whichI addressed to you in announcing my-caif for Congress that L was opposedto evrything for which the saloonstands, and I am equally opposed to,ro.-.Tfiiinr fnr which this alliance be-itween liquor and certain Democratsand certain Republicans stand."Take their position on me wvuutTonvmi "Rill. You know for manyyears the temperance people of theUnited States tried to muuce congress to pass a measure that wouldprohibit the interstate shipment ofliquor into dry territory. You areaware, too, that a county or Statewhich has gotten rid of the liquorbusiness is troubled now and then byso-called Dootlegers to whom liquoris shipped from another State, or whoreceive it in some way from anothercounty within this State. The interstate shipment of liquor could be prevented only by the passage of an actof Congress. Shipment to dry territory from within the State could beended only by an act of the State Leg-"Years ago a bill to prevent the interstate shipment of liquor into terries the Webb-Ktenyon Bill. There waslawful was introduced in the bena.eat Washington by a great 'lennesooon spTin.t.nr narcnack. who couldnot be bought or intimidated by. theliquor interests and who lost nis iudirectly in consequence of his fightfor the temperance cause. Subsequently it was reintroduced in theSenate by Mr. Kenyon, of Iowa, and inthe House by Mr. Webb, of NorthCarolina, and it became then knownno time within the past fifteen yearstory that had made liquor selling unwhen a majority of the House andSenate did not favor this measure,but up to the time of its passage twoyears ago there had been no timewhen the liquor interests did not control the Committee on ituies, anu wuable therefore, through the Ccnnmittee on Rules to prevent the bill beingreported and placed upon its passage.Measure Just One."Now is was a reasonable, fair andjust measure, and none but the mostthoroughly tried liquor people couldhave opposed its passage. It was intended only to enable the people ofdry territory to carry out their will.It was in the interest of good order,common honor, good government. Bygood management the temperancei ,i.a i -un-,:nr v.rt i;npeopie suuuticucu in ihxili& wo uiu.reported to the House and placed upon its passage in February, vjiz, justbefore Mr. Taft went out of office."Von were verv anxious that themeasure should become a law. Aiwrv lnrso maioritv of our people, I, ...., a;- -- --.t ' . , i l ' i M I ih i i l l- .. , jlllk BHRlk '"jlHilrVlBk' -JBsB8ras9BBsBBBBBBB ffiwtfpwinr H BwSSvSBiBnBlBBBBBBs wSraBBBvBvBBBBSBsBBflBBBvHI Mi ' wliffif Inn i1 i 1 1 1 i lUMi H Ih ' I III awwii-yyTOTselling more liquor with every spreadof the prohibition law, but I saw inyesterday's paper that all the distillers of Kentucky, Illinois, Ohio andIndiana, practically all in this country who make corn whisky, have justconcluded a meeting at which t theycame to the final conclusion to reducethe output of 1915 to one-half theamount produced per annum in recentyears."HON. C. M. THOMAS.House defeated, had it been adoptedwould have made the whole measureso thoroughly unconstitutional thatyou could have driven a distillerythrough it. And that was what theliquor fellows were trying to do. TheWebb-Kenyon Bill would have diedat its birth had Cantrill and his associates succeeded in their work."When I announced myself a candidate for this high position Mr. Cantrill was in Washington and he atonce addressed a communication tothe riPTTinp.rats of this district denouncing me, as he would have doneno matter who the candidate had been,for having the temerity to oppose hisaspirations for a fourth term (Mr.Cantrill has already been in Congressthree terms,) and demanding toknow my position on the pending Hobson Resolution. As quickly as I coulddo so I answered him and stated tuaxif I were elected to Congress I shouldconceive it to be my duty to vote forthe Hobson Resolution. I take thatposition for two reasons, and the firstis that a majority of the Democratsof this Congressional District favorIt reads as follows:" 'Section 1. The sale, manufacturefor sale, transportation for sale, importation for sale and exportation forsale, importation and transportationage purposes in the United Statesand all territory subject to the jurisdiction thereof, are forever prohibited. " 'Section 2. Congress shall havepower to provide for the manufacture,sale, imporattion and transportationof intoxicating liquors for sacramental, medicinal, mechanical, pharmaceutical or scientific purposes, or foruse in the arts, and shall have powerto enforce this article by all needfullegislation.'"You will observe that in this resolution there is no interference withprivate rights, no encroachmentsupon the home and no prevention ofa man's drinking liquor if he wishestn do so. It could not be sold, manufactured for sale, transported or imported for sale.Or'gin of Measure."I want to tell you something ofthft origin of this resolution. Aboutthe first of last December there metMr. Cantrill says I did not vote forhim; READ THIS:The affiant, Howard Lancaster,states that he is City Electrician ofthe Citv of Paris. Kentucky, and thathe was City Electrician of the Cityof Paris Kentucky, on the 8th day ofNovember. 1910: and that as CityElectrician he had his office and placeof business at the Fire Departmentbuilding in the City of Paris, Kentucky; and that Paris voting precinctNo. 3 is situated in the Fire Department building and that he was present in the building a greater portionof the day on which the general election was held for Congressman in theSeventh District of Kentucky, in theyear 1910, in which the Hon. J. Campbell Cantrill was the Democraticnominee for Congress from said District and M. C. Rankin was his opponent on the Republican ticket;affiiant states that the Hon. ClaudeM. Thomas was. at that time, a legalregistered voter in said precinct andaffiant states that he was in the building at the time the said Thomas casthis vote at said election; affiant further states that after the said Thomashad received his ballot and gone intothe booth and voted same, the saidThomas came out of the said boothand called this affiant's attention tohis ballot and asked him to see howthe same had been voted: affiantstates that he looked at said ballotand saw that the said Thomas hadvoted the straight Democratic ticket,thereby voting for the Hon. J. Campbell Cantrill for Congress in the saidDistrict at the said election; affiantfurther states ,that he knows of certain charges that have been made byt.hft said Cantrill claiming that theHon. Claude M. Thomas had failed tovote for him and had refused to votefor him at said general election andthis affiant knows from his own knowledge that these statements are without foundation and are false for thereasons above stated.Witness the hand of affiant, this15th day of July, 1914.Subscribed and sworn to before meby Howard Lancaster, this 15th day ofJuly, 1914.My commission expires 16th day ofJanuary, 1916.Witness mv hand and seal, this15th day of July, 1914.GRACE DONALDSON,Notary Public Bourbon County, Ky.should say at least '5 per cent, of ourpeople, although many of that '5 perJ cent, would not go so far as others inthe line of temperance legislation,1 wanted that measure to become thelaw of the land. The other 5 per centconstituting those engaged in theliquor business, or in alliance with theliquor business, opposed its passage.Now the 95 per cent, of our peoplewere entitled to a vote upon that important measure when it came up forpassage, but you were not represented. "The h'auor-politics combinationwith headquarters at Louisville, had arepresentative there hailing from thisCongressional District of Kentucky,and their representative upon thepassage of that measure voted no.They cast your vote. You had noth-ing tO UO W1U1 JU x xiavo uvt, mv,exact figures but when the bill wasplaced upon its passage somethinglike 270 members voted aye, and only60 or 70 members voted nay.Cantrill Voted "No.""When the Seventh CongressionalDistrict was called it had no vote anddid not vote. The beer and whiskyinterests at Louisville to whom youhad turned over your right of reprcoontntinn voted for you. and cast oneof the 60 or 70 votes against thepassage of that very important legislation. Mr. Taft. vetoed the measureand it was sent back to the Housefor passage over his veto. About thesame 2q0 members voted in favor ofpassing the bill over the President'veto, and about the same 60 or 70vntoH ne-ninst its nassage over theveto. Mr. Cantrill, acting for thosewhose interests and wishes he placedabove yours, recorded your vote asagainst passing the measure over theexecutive veto. And there you wererAnnrdftd for all time on the records ofthe House of Representatives, notonce but twice, as opposed to tnepassage of a measure which at least95 per cent, if our people demanded--ameasure of ordinary, every davhonor and decency."Have you ever heard Mr. Cantriirsexplanation of why he cast your voteagainst that bill? If you have not,I wish you would go to one of hisspeakings when you have an opportunity and I pledge you my word, ifhe sticks to the explanation, heretofore given, it is well worth the timeand trouble of going. His explanations is two-fold. In the first placehe says it is unconstitutional. Now 1aever heard that Mr. Cantrill is a.nmr .nH if he is a lawyer I havenever heard that it is the part of thelegislature to determine finally whether or not proposed legislation is or isnot constitutional. We have learnediudees. paid good salaries, to pass up-ontne consiiLuuuuaiii-j . bCantriK View Explained."In the second lace Mr. Cantrillsays that the Webb-Kenyon Bill wasaot just what the temperance peopleneeded that it would not have servedthe purposes they had in view, andtherefore he supported a proposedamendment fixing a penalty to thestatute, and this amendment, which ofcourse, the temperance people in thefiio- rocnlnh'nnPeople's Rights Approver , umDUS n in some ways the"Secondly, I believe tnat tne peopie remarkable assembly of peopleshould be allowed to decide lor uiem- eyer thered together in one bodyselves whether or not a proposal oi United states. in that meetsuch consequence to them should oe- representatives of everycome a part of the fundamental law fur in tu United states, 0f everythat it should not be decided for thein organization of any characterby a handful of Congressmen in the nahomu rg bettermeutback office of the Committee on Rules lmmJnit and the establishment ofat Washington. This is old-fashioned geJuLirtues. In addition toDemocratic doctrine a nd Deing a churches there were repreDemocrat I conceive it to be my duty organizations asto be governed by the Democratic be-. gnt"Jrth League, he Christianlief and principles. . Bndeavor society, the Anti-Saloon"As soon as Mr. Cantrill came down ue and the Woman's Christianto Kentucky he made his famous T Union Tnere were rep-speech at the Leringtonuperanuu resentatives of ninety-seven organiwhich had heen heralded as the fonsharmg a national life and in-home-comingand keynote announce- canons s d more thanment of our distinguished Beprsenta- fluency i nej P .tive, and I have been informed that nait tne p y three-fourths of thethe reception accorded was not com- Staca ..and mw y .mensurate either .i "Nine States of the Union have alof the occasion or with the exjve adopted prohibition as a partness of .etuXatBl law, and thosebeen resorted to At .all events Con haye ft populatioil 0f 14,-gressman Cantrill caught the nrst noft0 neODle Thirty-one othertrain back to Washington, and having 0000 People. im yarrived there immediately secured a Vfl n laws, such wemeeting of the Committee on Rules, under . ntyp .of which he was tfVommitte'e" one States 27,000,000 of people are lived and pleaded with the committee prohibition to-day. In all,for a day, some say two days, toplace s l population of thethe bill on its passage in order that tUpU,UUs"teS. more than one-half otJt might be defeated ana ua our people ure living under proM.mignt retuiu w " vwv.wPOSTMASTER.1 n UIIHFI I FYU. U. llUJlL.l.L.i-1,Ur !)AUItVILLt,Replies to Personal AttackMade Upon Him By Congressman Cantrill in HisSpeech at That Place Friday. Writer Stands For Honest Electionsand Opposed to Saloon Domination.And Defies Th'eats of Cantrill-Ander-son-Sindair,. Poetical Combine.Sadieville, Ky., July, 6. 191-J.Mr. F. M. Thompson,Georgetown, Ky.Dear Sir:Find enclosed article which if youwould publish in the News I will appreciate very much.Yours very truly,J. D. NUNNELLEF.THE ARTICLE.hi constituents 'that measure is nolonger pending; there is no sucnmeasure before the House; it as longago defeated.'Committee Work Reviewed."You will remember, fellow Democrats, that a majority of the Housefavored the Hobson amendment, morder to secure its passage it mustreceive a majority. of two-thirds. Mr.Hobson knew that it would not receive at the present time a twotuinAa mainritv in its favor, but he believed it would receive such majorityby next fall, and he had requested ofthe committee not to nave it reyui-t-onfor passaage until that time. Sowhen your Congressman got his committee together, nine members beingpresent, of whom seven were Democrats and two Republicans, five Democrats voted against taking up Hop--DooniuHrm at. this time, and twoRepublicans and only one Democratvoted with our distinguished Congressman in favor of placing it uponits passage. Then Mr. Cantrill, saddened but a good deal wiser thanwhen he went away, came baGk tohis district and started again on hisjourney of denunciation and abuse ofme and of those Democrats in ScottCounty and elsewhere who are unwilling to submit to brewery control oftheir political notions and ideals."The work was arduous and Mr.Cantrill was not making much headway, and the next thing we heard ofhim was that he was back in wasn-fnsrton and. according to newspaper this law. and if vou do pass it we willinformation, was turning heaven and ' violate it in every State andn I -liitinn An1 tllP tPITlt.OrV in WI11C11they live embraces about 75 per cent,of the landed area of the UnitedStates. Now in thtse States whichhave adopted the Initiative and Referendum from two to nve per cent, inthe voters may demand the submission of any question for decision tothe people.Committee in Washington."I ask you should not Congressheed a request from 55 per cent, ofthe total population of the UnitedStates? That great convention sentn. nnmmittee of 1.000 men and l.UUUwomen to Washington, and on thesteps of the Capitol building tneynrocsantprl their tietition to LieutenantHobson and many other distinguished Senators and Representatives,with a prayer that it be submitted toCongress, and by Congress submittedto the people of the various Statesfor a decision by them as to whetheror not the manufacture and sale ofliquor for beverage purposes shouldbe continued in the United States. Itcould not become a law until ratifiedby three-fourths of the States of theUnion, and if ratified by three-fourthsof the States then it ought to becomethe law. of America."But Mr. Cantrill 'objects, and for !the liquor interests ne proclaims tnatit could never be enforced. And whenthe liquor interests say, that theydefy the law making power and ineffect say to, it.'we dare you to passearth in an effort to get some sort of ja letter from the President that migntbe used in influencing help for hiscause. So far as the records showhe has not received that letter, andmy judgment is that he never will.Hobson Amendment Quoted.every State ana everycounty in the Union?' Mr. Cantrill,as their advocate and championserved this notice for them. And Mr.Cantrill is a member of your lawmakine nower. I am in favor of giving: them a ohance. They woul notI was born in a log cabin down hereaniong the hills of old Eagle Creek. 1have always fought my own fight inthe great battle ot life withoutthebacking of any great Congressmanlike Mr.' Cantrill claims to be, orwithout any special favors shown meby any political clique or boss. Butnotwithsanding these facts whichfacts I am not ashamed of I feelthat I have a right to say somethingin my own behalf when I am personally attacked in a public speech bythe (Great?) Congressman from ourdistrict. I want to say to the peoDleof Scott county that Mr. Cantriirs attack on me in his speech at Sadieville was unfair, unmanly and uncalled for.Up to the time of Mr. Cantriirsspeech I had taken no part 'whateverin this campaign either for or againsthim. But when he comes to Sadieville the first thing he did was tosend his political agent and managerdown to the Post Office to see if hecould not in some way either by persuasion or threats, induce me to takean active part in this political wrangle. This "Political Manager," Mr. R.H. Anderson, the Mark Hanna of theDemocratic Party in Scott County,went so far as to say that "After thegreat gun went off which Mr. Cantrill would fire here against all thosewho opposed him there would bemany dead pigeons in Scott County."But after the gun has been fired andthe noise and smoke of the battle hasblown away we find that there are no"pigeons" dead and none very badlyhurt, unless it be the one who firedthe gun.What grounds Mr . Cantrill had forhis attack on me or what favors heexpected to gain by it I fail to see.a letter which he had writte to mein which he .stated that r had madethe highest grade and stood first onthe list and that only one other ap- 'plicant in the Seventh CongressionalDistrict had surpassed me in the examination. He admitted that I was holding theoffice not through any favor of his,but in spite of all that he could do toprevent it. He intimated that if therehad been any way either by fairmeans or unfair he would have takenthe office form me and given it toanother even though I had won itfairly and honestly.He also stated in his speech that ina few days after I became postmasterthat charges were made against mebut as he refused to state the natureof those charges or to give the nameof the one who made them I take theliberty to give you these facts myself.The charges were that I was not apatron of the Sadieville post office andwere made by Mr. Orlie Truitt, oneof the rankest Republicans in ScottCounty. And by the way, fie was oneof the Cantrill boosters here Friday.The charges were so absurd that Ifelt that they needed no reply but Idid make reply and sent the same toMr. Cantrill, who was at Washingtonat thp timp. and asked him to fiTsfthem with the Postmaster General, asI felt that I had a right to do, hebeing the people's representative.Mr. Cantrill took the liberty to readsome letters to the people which I hadwritten to him in regard to the PostOffice.Now. Mr. Cantrill has the libertyto read any and all the lettersthatI have ever written him at any ofhis political meetings. I have neverwritten a letter to him that I amashamed for the people to read of forwhich I have any apology to make.In one of the letters which he readI made the statement "I am not asking you for any special favors or forany political pull. I simply ask for afair and square deal." This is all thatI have ever asked at the hands of anyman. I would not have accepted thePost office in any other way, and I assure you if Mr. Mulberry, who Mr.Cantrill says he would have givenworlds to have handed it to, I assureyou if Mr. Mulberry had won this appointment fairly I would have givenhim my hand and have wished himsuccess. I have never yet entered into a contest of any kind and been defeated honestly that I could not takethe victor by the hand and wish himi God speed. And I think I know Mr.Mulberry well enuogh to know that liedid not sanction or approve of Mr.Cantrill's vicious and unmanly attackon me. . ,Mr. Cantrill stated in his speechthat he had always considered me his -nominalenemv. I do not know whyhe considered me his enemy unless itis because I stood for fair and honestelections and against political corruption in this county. Mr. Cantrill andMr. Anderson consider me their euemy because as a member of the Democratic Committee I have stood and.contended that every man's vote?should be counted as it was cast,which has not always been the case .in this countv. They consider me ctheir enemy because I helped to defeat Mr. Anderson for Chairman of -thpDemocratic Committee of thisCounty and I want to say that I haveno apology to make to the people of.this county for the vote.Mr. Cantrill cries out with a loud"voice that he is a Democrat and undertakes to read everybody who opposes him out of the party, it cantrill or Anderson or any of their politcal maanagers will explain to thepeople of this county what became ofthose ballot boxes that so mysteriously disapperared some three years agothen we will have more faith in their.Democracy.I am in favor oi honest elections.am in favor of men casting their votesas they please and having that votecounted exactly as cast. I am not in.favor of the counting of the votes -andthe management of the electionsbeing put back into the hands of thesaloon keepers. I am not in favor othe control of the elections in thiscounty being put back into the handsof thp Sinclair-Anderson-Cantrill Combine. I am not in favor of the whis- -'key trust controlling the Democraticparty in Kentucky, and holding these -views,how in the name of Heavencould I be in favor of Mr. Cantrill whoupon every occasion has cast his voteand used his influence in oppositionto these views? If this is. not sowhy is it that every single memberof the Sinclair-Anderson Combine aresuch warm and enthusiastic supporters of his?They have already made the threatthat if I attempted to reply to Mr.Cantrill's attack upon me that theywould see to it that my commissioaas Postmaster would be taken fromme. I want to say to the people ofScott County that if this be the casethen I jirn ready to hand it over. If,in order to hold this or any other office I am compelled to surrender mypolitical independence and bow downand submit to the will of such men asCantrill and Anderson, then I want tobe barred forever from holding1 office.I shall not compromise with thdevil in order to hold any office. Iam holding my commission from thePostmaster General of the UnitedStates and not froM Mr. Cantrill. Iam endeavoring to serve the patronsof the Sadieville Post Office to the -best of my ability and according tothe laws of the land ana with everyaccommodation that I can give them,and why it is that a (Great?) Congressman who is makine the race ashe says "on his own record and merits" should stoop so as to make anattack on an humble citizen who hasalways tried to attend to his own bus- ,viness and has never undertaken todictate as to how the people of thiscounty should vote, unless it is because the said (Great?) Congressmanis in sore straits for campaign material. In conclusion, I want to say that' Ideny the right of Mr. Cantrill or Mr.Anderson or any of the Sinclair-An-derson-CantrillCombine to read anybody out of the Democratic party.T also denv that thev have anvright to dictate as to how I shall voteHe admitted that I won my appoint- jn this or any other election.vnnnf in n Gnir nnrl .nr... n.t AAmnftiUiifA -. .0 -"ViU W VUUUWU. -w., .. , ..v, I.. J. b. I.UU.V .tW .J ..j.fc.w..MODson Amenamenx uuoiea. violate it mucn, nor ior lung. iiie.y ment m a iair ana square, competitiveNow as to tne Hobson resolutino. boastfully proclaim that they are examination and even read a copy ofVery respectfully, 'J. D, NUNNELLEW'V'THE BOURBON NEWS, PARIS KENTUCKY, JULY 21, 1914The Bourbon NewsEstablished 188132 Years of Continouous Publication.SWIFT CHAMP, Editor and Owner.Entered at the Paris, Kentucky,Postoffice as Mail Matter of theSecond Class.)One Year $2.00 Six Months. $1.00Payable in Advance.Published Every Tuesday and FridayADVERTISING RATESDisplay Advertisements, $1.00 perInch for first time; 50 pents per incheach subsequent instertion.Reading Notices, 10 cents per lineeach issue; reading notices in blacktype, 20 cents per line, each issue.Cards of thanks, calls on candidates, obituaries and resolutions, andsimilar matter, 10 cents per line.Special rates for large advertisemnts and yearly contracts.The right of publisher is reservedto decline any advertisement or othermatter offered for publication.Space is a newspaper's stock intrade and source of revenue.ANNOUNCEMENTS.We are authorized to announce Hon.C. M. Thomas as a candidate for theDemocratic nomination for Congressman at the August primary, to beheld in this county on Saturday,August 1, 1914.McLEOD FARM SOLD.The McLeod farm of 216.67 acres,lying on the Maysville and Lexingtonpike, near Hutchison, and ownedjointly by Mrs. John Donaldson adMrs. Harold Snell, of Hutchison, wassold at public auction last Thursday' fcy Harris & Speakes, real estateagents of this city, to Mr. and Mrs.Harold Snell, of Hutchison, for $165an acre. The property was sold forthe purpose of making a division ofthe estate. The farm is well wateredand fenced and has eleven acres of tofcacco, twenty-two acres in corn, fortyacres of virgin soil and the remainderis good tobacco land. The place contains a modern two-story brick building, and the land is in a high state ofcultivation.Following the sale of the farm, Auctioneer George D. Speakes disposed ofthe stock, farming implements andhousehold goods belonging to the estate of the late Mrs. Mary McLeod, asfollows:Cows, $40 to $68 each; yearlingmules, $100; calves, $8 to $40 each;sheep, $5; shoats, $5; sows, $12 to$21; country lard, 12 to 16 cents perpound; hams, 27 to 28 cents perpound; side meat, 18 cents perpound; shoulders, 18 to 20 cents perHound. Farm implements and household furniture sold well.HEALTH AND WELFARE LEAGUEHEARS REPORT FROM NURSE.That the work of the Bourbon County Health and Welfare League hasheen entrusted to competent hands isamply evidenced in the report of Mrs.Minnaker, the graduate nurse employed by the league to work in this cityand county. At a recent meeting ofthe League, Mrs. Minnake submitted a repqrt of her month's work in-which she included one hundred andten visits made to the sick and needyin town, and thirty-six visits to homesin the county. The work being donehy the League through this capablenurse is having - . marvelous influence for good in the county and city,"but the limited funds and provisionsare a great drawhack. Any contrihution of money, clothing or provisions would be greatly appreciated ifleft at the Elgin cottage on SeventhStreet.ANOTHER QUESTION TOBE VOTED ON.s. .What becomes of the millionaire in"The Million Dollar Mystery?"MORGAN COUNTY SHERIFFS INPARIS WITH MURDERER.Deputy Sheriffs D. G. Lacy and JohnWheeler, of Morgan County, were inParis yesterday, having in chargeRamsey Fannin, 25 years old, whowas arrested in the Union Station, inLexington Sunday afternoon. Fanninwas wanted in Tazwell, Tennesse, onthe "charge of murder. He had escaped from the Tazewell jail by sawing his way out and had escaped theTigilance of the officers for over sixmonths. He came to Eastern Kentucky, then to Lexington, and waspreparing to go to a Western State-when the officers arrived and placedhim under arrest.Fannin, who was heavily handcuffed, was brought from Lexington overthe 'interurban yestrday morning by1he officers and the party left forTazewell on the 10:24 L. & N. train""" fcy way of Livingston. To a News re;porter Fannin declared he did notknow the name of the man he isck&rged with killing, and that he shot- .Jm self-defense. He was slightlywounded in the arm, but did not know3tig assailant had been killed untilteW .by the officers.REMEMBER THE PLACE.The Columbia Theatre and "TheJfillkHi Dollar Mystery," Wednesday,July 22.PARIS LODGE OF ELKS TOHOLD SOCIAL SESSION.Paris Lodge B. P. O. E. No. 373,-will hold a social session at their newlull in the Bourbon Bank building, tonight. All members of the lodge areearnestly requested to be present.Miss Ada Cash, of Chenute, Kasv-who has been visiting her sister, Mrs.X A. Gilkey, on Second Street, leavesto-morrow for Chattanooga to visitIrieods.MATRIMONIAL.Mr. Will H. Gravell and Miss Elsie Herrington, both of Paris, weremarried in the County Clerk's office inMaysville, by Squire Fred Bauer.BROWN HUMPHREYSMiss Aleta Brown, of this county,and Mr. Humphreys, of Maysville,were married in Carlisle, Saturday.They will reside in Maysville. Bothparties are well-known n Bourbon.ANNOUNCEMENT.Prof. J. A. Sharon, lately Superintendent of the Newport, Ky., PublicSchools, and formerly Superintendentof the Paris Schools, and Miss EdithStella Davis, of Canton, Ohio, will bemarried in the early fall. Prof.Sharon is well-known here, where hewas for a time connected with thecity schools.ZORNES MULLIN.Mr. Arthur Zornes, of Paris, andMiss Bertha Mullins, of Cynthiana,were the principals in a surprise wedding which took place in the lattercity last Thursday.The groom is a splendid young manof high character, and the bride is abright and attractive young woman.They will reside in this city.LINVILLE MEDLEY.The marriage of Miss MalindaLinville and Mr. R. V. Medley, ofthis city, was quietly celebratedWednesday evening at the home ofthe officiating minister, Rev. W. E.Ellis, of the Paris Christian Church.The bride is a daughter of Mrs. A.F. Kenton, of this city, and is anattractive young woman. The bridegroom has been in the employ of theBorubon Home Telephone Co., andis a well-known lineman. Mr. and MrsMedley will reside in Hamilton, O.,where the groom has a good position.RELIGIOUS.The tent meeting which is beingconducted by Evangelist Thos. B. Atkinson at Hopewell, will be transferred to Clintonville to-morrow, whereRev. Atkinson is conducting a meeting. He will sing and pfeach eachevening.LColumbia Theatre.To-morrow, Episode No. 2. "TheFalse Friend" Florence arrives inthe city to find her father gone on oneknows where. Jones, the butler, discloses a mysterious letter chargingher trust him completely. The conspirators turn their attention to Florence. How the Princess wins Florence's confidence, secretly admitsmembers of the band into the houseto search for the $1,000,000 and whofailing in this, attempts to kidnapFlorence, to be mysteriously foiledby Norton, forms one of the most exciting moving pictures ever filmed.Each week, an episode of this stupendous motion picture will be shownat the Columbia Theatre. $10,000.00in cash will be awarded for the best100 word solution of this mystery.See the pictures. Read the story inthe paper. Follow the developmentseach week. Send in your solution.You have the chance to win the $10,000.00. A two-part comedy subject will alsobe shown entitled, "Caught in a Cabaret," (Keystone.) Featuring MabelNorman and Charles Chaplin.WILL ERECT BUSINESS HOUSEON RASSENFOSS CORNER.Mr. Louis Saloshin will soon beginthe erection of a modern two-storybrick business house on the lot atthe corner of Main and Seventh, recently occupied as a restaurant byMr. George Rassenfoss. The propertywas sold 'some time ago to Mr. JohnSauer, and by him resold to Mr. Saloshin. The old house which originallyoccupied the site was for years thehome of "Uncle" Jimmie McCann, father of Mr. James Ray McCann, thewell-known actor, whose boyhood dayswere spent there.The new structure will be a complete business house, equipped withup-to-date conveniences. The firstfloor will be one large storeroom,which will be occupied by Mr. RobertWalsh lately of Mt. Sterling, as aclothing house. The second floor willbe made up of apartments, all fittedup in the most modernway, and eachone of which will be a desirablehome for small families.The work of breaking ground forthe foundation was begun yesterday,and Mr. Saloshin expects to have thebuilding under way in a short time.SRING SUIT TO PREVENTPROHIBITION ELECTION.Declaring that prohibition in Hopkinsville and Christan County wouldcause "all kinds of business to suffermaterially, to the great loss and injury of the business people," a number of local property owners late Friday afternoon filed a petition to prevent Sheriff Smith from taking further steps to hold a prohibition election in the County September 21, asordered by the County Judge following the filing of petitions by the"drys."The legality of the new county unitlaw is attacked. It is alleged that the Jlaw is in conflict with Article 14 ofthe amendments to the Constitutionof the United States, as it undertakesto deprive certain persons of theirproperty without due process of law,and denies them equal protection oflaw. Numerous other objections aremade.WORK PROGRESSING VERY- FAV0RA3LY ON STREET.The L. W. Johnson Co., which is resurfacing Main Street, has made verysatisfactory progress on the workfrom Frourth to Third, and will soonfcf frs&dy, to put on the bitulithiccar surfacing.DEATHSWALTERS.The six-months-old child of Mr.and Mrs. William Walters, died Sunday morning of inanition at theirhome in East Paris. Burial took placeyesterday afternoon at 4 o'clock. Services at grave were conducted byRev. J. S. Sims.LYTER., Mr. John Curtis Lyter, 68 yearsold, a salesman for the Swann-AbramHat Co., and for many years a wellknown figure on Main Street, in Louisville, died at the Deaconness Hospital in that city, at 7 o'clock Fridaynight, after a short illness of arterial(rouble. He had suffered from the disease for several years, but hadbeen confined to his bed for only afew weeks1. tMr. Lyter was known over the Stateas "Dock" and was in business formany' years at Richmond, Ky. Hehad one of the widest acquaintancesof any man on Main Street.Mr. Lyter was a naative of Bourbon County, but had lived in Louisville about three years. He is survived by three sons, Walter J. Lyter,identified with the telegraphic staff ofthe Evening Post, Curtis E. Lyter andC. J. Lyter, both of Louisville, Thebody was sent to Cynthiana, Saturday, for burial.TOOLIN.Mr. Michael Toolin, one of theoldest and best known citizens ofParis, died at his home on WalkerAvenue, at 1 o'clock, yesterday afternoon, after a weeks' illness of a complication of diseases. Mr. Toolin was85 years of age, and was a native ofIreland. He was married in the oldcountry and come to America with hiswife when a young man. For manyyears he was in charge of the ParisCemetery, and was respected as an industrious and accommodating caretaker Besides his wife, he is survived bysix children Mrs. James Bradley,Misses Margaret, Kate and TillieToolin, and Mrs. John A. Schwartz,and Mr. Hugh Toolin, all of Paris.The funeral services will be held atthe Church of the Annunciation, inthis city, at 9:30 o'clock, Wednesdaymorning, conducted by Rev. FatherEugene DeBruyn. The burial willtake place in the Catholic Cemetery.The pall-bearers will be M. Flanagan,Ed. Gorey, T. F. Brannon, Ed. Brannon, Martin Doyle and John T. Doyle.LYONS.Following a long illness from acomplication of diseases, Mr. AlbertLyons, aged 33 years, died at hishome near Tenth street, Friday evening, at 9:30. His death was directly due to ureamic poisoning.Mr. Lyons was the son of Mrs.Maria Lions, and has for many yearsconducted the business on MainStreet, which was formerly in chargeof his brother, the late Gorge Lyons.He had been in failing health for ayear or more, but bravely continuedto fight against the encroachment ofdisease until compelled to give up active management of his business.Mr. Yyons was a young man of geial temperament, very popular andwell-known throughout Central Kentucky, where he had a host of friends.He is survived by his mother, Mrs.Maria Lyons, his widow, formerly"Tiss Katherine Rassenfoss. and onebrother, Mr. Harry Lyons, all ofParis.The funeral took place at theChurch of the Annunciation, in thiscity, yesterday, morning at 9:30o'clock, with services conducted byRev. Father Eugene DeBruyn. Theactive pall-bearers were Frank Roche,Frank Grosche, Wm. Gregory, HenseMargolen, Geo. Gregory, E. G. Nichols, Wm. Higgins, Ray Harris. Thehonoraary pall-bearesrs were CharlesPeddicord, T. F. Brannon, HughJohnson, Geo. Browner, Jos.- Melvin,James Porter, W. E. Orr, W. P. Coyne.The burial took place on the familylot in the Paris Catholic Cemetery.AUTOMOBILE AND MOTORCYCLECOLLIDE ON ROADSIDE.Mrs. Frank M. Clay's automobile, inwhich Mr. Douglas Clay and MissesElizabeth Brown and Anna Wilson,with Mr. Coleman Renick at thewheel, were returning from Lexington. Sundav nisht. collided with amotorcycle on the Lexington pike,near the sub-station. The motorcyclewith two riders, was speeding downthe steep hill near Robert Meteer'splace, and the auto Avas coming toward Paris. The riders were blindedby the glare of the lamps from theauto, and swerved into the path ofthe big machine, as the driver madean effort to turn out of the way andavoid a collision. The two machinescrashed together, the motorcycle running into the right front tire of theautomobile, which piled up on the latter. Both men were thrown from themotorcycle and badly bruised. Thegasoline tank of the motorcyclecaught fire and exploded, and in endeavoring to extinguish the flames Mr.Clay was painfully burned on theright hand and wrist. The two menon the motorcycle were pinned beneath the machine, and were rescuedfrom their perilous position by Mr.Clay and Renick, placed in their carand brought to Pans. The driver,Jerry Hamm, of Little Rock, was sentto the Massie Memorial Hospital, andhis companion, Mr. Curd, of Lexington, who was only slightly injured,was sent to his home.Both the injured men were employes of the Lexington Ice Co. Theirinjuries are serious, but riot dauger-ous.-.UiliNEW ENEMY OF TOMATO APPEARS IN THIS SECTION.According to a well-knwn gardenerof this city, a worm, evidently of theborer species, and very greatly resembling the tobacco worm, is making serious inroads upon the tomatocrop. The worm attacks the ripefruit, and entering the tomato, causesit to rot and to become entirely useless. The worm has only made itsappearance in a few gardens, but hascaused the destruction of a largeamunt of fruit. Gardeners should beon the lookout for the pest.THE STOCK OFGeo.Must Be Sold inand in order to dispose of it quickly,buying public of Bourbon Countybuying the best shoes at give-awaythe following$4.50 and $4.00 Ladies' and Men'sShoes and Oxfords $ 1 .95$3.50 Men's Gun Metal and Tan Oxfords, all sizes 2.75$4.00, $3.00 and $2.50 Ladies' Patent, Velvet, Gun Metal and Dull KidPumps and Oxfords OSS3.50, $3.00 and 2.50 Women'sWhite Canvas Shoes and Oxfords . .95Nettleton Men's Patent LeatherShoes, odd sizes, $7, $6.50 and $6. . . 2.4-5Nettleton Tan English Oxford, $6. 50 4.95Nettleton Gun Metal English Oxfords, $6.50. 4.95Bourbon Bank & Trust Co.Receivers of Geo. McWilliams. 'ANNUAL REPORT OF COUNTYSUPERINTENDENT OF SCHOOLSThe following statistics are takenfrom the annual report of Miss Mabel Itobbins, County Superintendentof Bourbon, which is ready to be submitted to the State Superintendent ofPublic Instruction. There are 32 subdistricts in the county, and 2 countyhigh schools, Little Rock and Paris.All the county schools except 9 weretaught longer than the' State publicterm. Value of scnooi property in inecountv. S52.550. Bourbon schools have38 district libraries, containing 2,102volumes. jWhite teachers 38, colored 24. Average monthly salary $45.66. There are3,539 children in the census report,2,352 of whom were enrolled in theschools, with an average attendanceof 1,412. The average cost of teaching each child in the census, $6.47;average cost of teaching each one enrolled $7.50. Forty-nine childrenwere enrolled in the county highschools. Total amount expended forteachers' salaries, $20,167.75, of which$5,891.47 was from the county, and$14,276.28 from the State fund. County tax collected $13,457.92.CLEVER THIEF ROBS PARISRAILROAD MEN IN CARLISLE.A clever thief, evidently acquaintedwith the surroundings, picked thelockers in the caboose of an L. & N.freight train which had just pulled into the yards at Carlisle, Saturdaynight and got away with a -sum ofmoney aggregating $115, a suit ofclothes and a pair of shoes, all theproperty of train men who reside inParis. Conductor H. D. Wadsworth ispoorer by $11.75, whila BrakemanPope was relieved of a suit of clothesand $60 in various kinds of money, allgood. Brakeman Lawson suffered tothe extent of $20, while a sum of thesame size was purloined from Brakesman O. T. Maddox. The train had justpulled in from Maysville, and was doing some switching, leaving the caboose detached near the DorseyvilleAvenue crossing. The Carlisle policewere notified and are working on several promising clues.BIG DAM AT SPEARSMILL COMPLETEDThe big consrete dam at SpearsmiH, under contract by Woods & Cainfor the Paris Water Co., which hasbeen under way this summer, was.completed Saturday, and has been accepted by the company. The dam is110 feet long 9 feet deep, 5 feetabove foundation and is 2.6 in widthat top. The completion of this damwill be of great benefit to the usersof water in Paris, as it will enable theWater Company to store up sufficientwater to praactically eliminate all further danger of a water, famine inParis. The dam has been pronounceda splendid piece of concrete work.A woman at a bargain sale alwaysacts as ..though there was never goingto be another one.OFMc WilliamsSpecials For Tuesday:Nettleton (Corinthian last) Tan Oxfords, former price $6.50Nettleton (Corinthian last) GunMetal Oxfords, former price $6.50 . .Nettleton (Corinthian last) PatentOxford, former price $6.50 4.95McWilliams Special Men's $5.00Shoes and Oxfords in Tan, GunMetal, Patent Leather, all the newest conservative and novelty lasts,a full line of sizes in all leathersMcWilliams Special Men's $4.00Shoes and Oxfords, in all the newestlasts, all leathers, all sizesAfter a man has been married awhile he gets so that he likes fivecent cigars better than ten cent ones.And lots of fellow imagine they aregoing to Heaven just because theymanage to keep out of jail.A business woman is one who canwrite a note without chewing on theed of the pencil.Every man knows that his dog hassome sense. But he wonders why thepolice do not shoot all the rest of thedogs in the neighborhood.Why is it that the lad who has sixSure Things before the first race al-ways strings you for car fare after thelast race?What has become of the old-fash-ioedboy who had to do choresaronud the house?MAN" KEEPSffS MOATEYSAFEITTHE"fRUDEfifT .. jMlMhi ,Ss&Z&mt . ur &cuilJr ampELB B i II ffS"liar -mmm f v 3MiiBHl -ilwk IPMHllLiW Jill lf HIl. JSsIriS' Jtfiirlnlilllllll III f5 OUR BANKBurglars haye a way of finding out the house in whichmoney is hidden. That's the burglars' business.The man who hides his money in his house or elsewhereis always in great danger of losing both his MQNEY and hisLIFE.Hide your money in our bank, behind our thick wallsand ' strong locks and where men of known financial RESPONSIBILITY keep it SAFE for you.Make OUR bank YOUR bank,We pay 3 per cent, interest on Savings.DEPOSIT BANK OF PARIS.Capital, $100,000.00.J. M.'-HALL, President.SHOES60 Days Ito and give thethe advantage of $prices, we quoteIc4.954.953.953.00NEGRO SHOT IN FRACASIn a difficulty in Claysville betweennegro construction hands and BertHarris, a colored employe of J. S.Wilson &. Bro., the latter was shot in.the right breast, the bullet passingthrough his lung and lodging underthe skin near the shoulder blade.Harris charged two negroes namedStetson and Ralston with the shooting. Both the accused made their escape. PORCH SHADES.We sell the beautiful and serviceable "No Whip" Porch Shades. Theywill please you.(5-tf) A. P. WHEELER CO.Surplus, $40,000.00.C. K. THOMAS Cashier..HlJM aE aHH 0-rLj.THE BOURfiON NEWS, PARIS, KENTUCRY, JULY 21 1914HAS THE BESTOF ALL LINES MADEHRELESS COOKERThere will be a lady todemonstrate the FirefiessCooker at our f urnitiue store,iu Paris, on Tuesday, Wednesday and Thursday, July 21,22 and 23. Something goodto eat. Read ad. on page 7.A. E. WHEELER & CO.,1t opp. Conrt House.FOR SALE.Crushed Rock for road or concrete7,ork; at Spears Mill.(21-2t) NEWTON MITCHELL.ACCEPTS POSITION IN PARISThe Winchester Sun says: "MissMargaret Curry has accepted a position as stenographer and bookkeeperfor the Singer Sewing Machine Company at Paris." (Tobacco insuranceagainst hail. SeeRoxie Davis. 26tfLIGHT REGISTRATION.SOCIAL AND PERSONALThe supplemental registration atCounty Clerk's office Saturday wasrather light, only 125 names going on.ie book. Of these 115 were Democrats and 10 Republicans.BLACKBERRIES! BLACKBERRIES.If you want blackberries, by thebucket, call early.C. P. COOK & CO.DESIGNATED AS UNITED STATESDEPOSITORY OF PUBLIC FUNDS.The First National Bank- of Parishas been designated by John Burke,Treasurer of the United States, as adepository of public money of theUnited States.FIRELESS COOKERDEMONSTRATION.There will be a lady to demonstratethe Pireless Cooker at our store, onTuesday, Wednesday and Thursday,July 21, 22 and 23. Something goodto eat.A. P. WHEELER & CO.HON C. M. THOMAS' SPEECHPUBLISHED IN THE NEWS.The speech of Hon. Claude M.Thomas, of Paris, candidate for theDemocratic nomination for CongressIn opposition to Hon. J. Campbell Cantrill delivered in Lexington, last Monday, is published in full in this issueof the News, and is well worth reading.BIG FRUIT SHIPMENTS.During the past thirty days 864 carsof melons and fruit have passedthough Paris over the L. & N. roaddestined for the Northern markets.The shipments were divided as follows: Watermelons, 5S2 cars; canteloupes, 45 cars; peaches. 232 cars;pineapples, 4 cars; potatoes, 1 car.The shipments have averaged fortycars per day. On one day alone 82cars of melons and fruit comprised asingle train-load.FRESH POTATO CHIPS.Nice crisp potato chips in the bulknjst receivde.(It) C. P. COOK & CO.IMPORTANT TO FIRST VOTERS.An important new provision in theprimary law and one of particular interest to the young voters, is that aman who will be twenty-one years ofage by the date of the regular election, November 3, will be entitled tovote in the primary which will beheld August 1. Under the primarylaw, as originally framed, the firstvoter could not vote in the primary ifhe became of age after the precedingregular election before the primary.The change may increase the votersby several hundred.EXCURSION TO FRANKFORT.The Sunday School of the ParisBaptist Church, has arranged to runan excurison to Frankfort and up theKentucky River, on Tuesday, July 28.The trip to Frankfort will be madeover the Kentucky Mildand railroad,leaving Paris 8:35 a. m. Arriving atFrankfort the party will take a fourhour's ride up the beautiful KentuckyRiver. Returning to Paris, the trainwill arrive here at 6:30 p. m. The farefor the round trip, including both railroad and boat, will be $1.A WONDERFUL PICTURE."The Million Dollar Mystery" at theColumbia Theatre, Wednesday, July22nd.A BIG SUIT FIL.EDAGAINST PARIS MAN.Suit has been filed in the Jefferson Circuit Court at Louisville by Mr.J. T. Vann, of Louisville, brother ofMiss Elizabeth Vann, who was killedin Louisville, in July, 1913, againstMr. Thomas J. Redmon, of this county.Miss Vann was struck by an automoed down. Death resulted in a fewed down. Death reulted in a fewhours. The suit is for $25,000 damagesthe petition alleging Miss Vann'saVath was caused by Mr. RedmonThe latter was arrested shortly afterthe accident, and at the examiningtrial, was acquitted, on the groundsof unavoidable accident.Miss Madeline Denton is visitingrelatives in Macedonia, Iowa.Miss Marguerite Douglas is theguest of friends in Lexington.Miss Hazel Duvall has returnedfrom a visit to friends in Richmond.Miss Bertie Jackson, of London,Ky., is a guest of Mrs. Hiram Redmon. . Mr. Bennett Bean, of Louisvillewas a visitor in Paris, Saturday andSunday.Miss Susan Buckner, of Lexingtonis visiting her daughter, Mrs. LoganHoward.Miss Susie Clay has returnedfrom a visit to Mrs. Dan Kimbrough,in Cynthiana.-Mr. and Mrs. William Farris havereturned from a visit to relatives inFleming County.Miss Fannie Ingles has returnedfrom a visit to her aunt, Mrs. MarcusBean, in Winchester.Mrs. John K. Smith, of Dayton,Ky., was a visitor in Paris, Sunday,as guest of relatives.Mrs. Kirby S. Denton and son arevisiting her parents, Mr. and Mrsr DanBrinnan, in Louisville.Miss Sarah McGinley, of Cincinnati, is a guest of her brother, Mr.Henry McGinley, and family.Miss Caroline Berry, of Danville,is a guest of Mr. and Mrs. John T.Collins, in North Middletown.Mrs. Nancy Edwards, of Richmond, is visiting Mrs. Clyde Keller,and other relatives in this city.Mrs. Mary E. Lydick, of Cynthiana, is a guest of her daughter, Mrs.J. O. Marshall, on Second Street.Dr. Raymond McMillan, of Lexington, wTas a guest of his brother,Judge Chas. A. McMillan, Sunday.Mrs. E. P. Clarke was hostess several days the past week to Mrs. E. B.Patterson and little son of Lexington.Mr. and Mrs. L. L. Wollen ,ofGalveston, Tex., are guests of Mrs.Mary E. Redmon, on Higgins Avenue.Miss Frances Clarke had as guestslast week Misses Louise Pattersonand Elizabeth Franklin, of Winchester. Mrs. J. J. McCarty and family,who have been residing on TenthStreet, have moved to Winchester toreside'.Mr. Dan W. Peed and son, Mr.D. W. Peed, Jr., have returned from abusiness trip of several days in Louisville. Miss Lucy Burris has returned toher home in Chanute, Kansas, after avisit to relatives in this city andcounty.Mr. and Mrs. Jack Owsley leftSunday morning for an extended visitto Mr. and Mrs. Roy Whitton, in Rushville, Ind.Mr. and Mrs. Fred Fister andchildren have returned from a visitto Mr. and Mrs. Fred Wolfe, in Mason County.Dr. Eugene Gregg, of Hutchison,who is under medical treatment atthe Johns Hopkins Hospital, in Baltimore, Md., is improving.Mrs. W. L. Chambers and daughter, Miss Carrie Chambers, have returned from a visirto Mrs and Mrs. C.E. Peterson, in Cynthiana.Mr. John O'Dowd, manager ofthe Hotel Havlin, in Cincinnati, wasa guest Monday, of Mr. J. P. Millet,at his country 'home near this city.Fire Chief Edward Hite and son,Robert, of Maysville, were visitors inParis Saturday, en route from Lexington, where he had been on business.Mrs. C. W. Ferguson and littleson, C. W. Ferguson, Jr., will arrivethis week to be guests of her parents,Mr. and Mrs. J. W. Pridemore, nearHutchison.Mr. and Mrs. William Wilder, ofLouisville, arrived yesterday to bethe guests of the 'former's brother,Mr. G. W. Wilder, and family, on Cypress Street.Miss Virginia Wetherall entertained delightfully at her home on Cypress Street Thursday night with adancing party. About thirty guestswere present and spent a most enjoyable evening.Mrs. Alfred Washington and little niece, Miss Mary Lucas, of Houston, Texas, are guests of Mrs. J. W.Lucas and Miss Celeste Lucas, onWalker Avenue.Mr. and Mrs. Jas. F. Lee, of Philadelphia, are visiting Mr. and Mrs.Claude Redmon, on Cypress Street.Mrs. Lee was formerly Miss Ida Redmon, of this city.Mrs. Meadows, matron at theMassie Memorial Hospital has returned from a visit to relatives in Nashville, Tenn., accomraned by her son,who will visit her.Mrs. Ernest JSrdman, who hasbee the guest of her daughter, Mrs.William Fisher, near this city for several days past, has returned to herhome in Lexington.Mr. and Mrs. Ora Weaver, andson, Bomar, have returned to theirhome in San Antonio, Tex., after avisit to his brother, Dr. R. D. Weaver,in North Middletown.Mrs. A. R. Davis and little daughter, of Kenosha, Wis., and Miss RubyRedwitz of Harrodsburg, -were guestslast week of Miss Anna Eads Peed, onSouth Main Street.Miss Julia Risque has returned toher home in Midway, accompanied byMisses Mary Kenney Webber, of Paris, and Elizabeth Erdman, of Lexington, whose guests she has been.Mr. and Mrs, Buckner Woodford,Jr., will move August 1st from -theJaynes residence oa High Street tothe Withers Davis residence on Pleasant Street. The Misses Jaynes willreturn from Lexington and occupytheir home.Mrs. Durand Whipple and littleson, Emmett Dickson, arrived Fridayfrom Little Rock, Ark., to spend theremainder -of the summer with theformer's parents, Mr. and Mrs. Emmett Dickson. Mr. Whipple was prevented from coming with them on account of the illness of his father, buthopes to join them later.The Tanzen Club, of Lexington,gave a most enjoyable, dance Fridayevening in the Phoenix Hotel ballroom. Those present from Paris whoparticipated in the pleasures of theevening were: Mrs. Swift. Champ,chaperone; Misses Francis Champ,Matilda James, Elizabeth Smith, Elizabeth Brown; Messrs Tom Prichardand Ireland Davis.Mr. Noah Spears, of Chcago, isvisiting relatives in this "city.Dr. Frank J. Cheek, of Danville,was a visitor in Paris yesterday.Miss Mary Grannan, of Cincinnati, arrived Sunday to spend a weekwith her mother. Mrs. Jos. Grannan.I and familv.There is practically on change inthe condition of Dr. C. J. Clarke, whois critically ill at his home on StonerAvenue.At Oil Springs was Mr. Ed. Turner,Geo. Poyle," William Clark, Miss Evileen Schwartz, Miss M. Toohey, Mr.and Mrs. Harry Kerslake and children. The following Paris people wereguests at Olympian Springs up toSunday: Mrs. Clay Wornall Buckner,babe and nurse, Dr. P. L. McClure andMrs. F. M. Gillispie.Mrs. L. C. Moore and son, L. C.Moore, Jr., of Detroit, Mich., arrivedSaturday to spend the summer withMrs. Moore's mother, Mrs. S. M. Wilmoth, and family, on Houston Avenue.I OL. U.11U. lUia. AT.. j. .DIJctllL, JLPeoria, 111., were in Paris, Sunday, ona sight-seeing tour of the Bluegrasssection. They were greatly impressed with the beauty of the countryjust rising refreshed from -a parchingdrouth.Miss Mary Fithian Hutchcraft entertained with a dnner party Saturdayevening at the Country Club, nearLexington. Among the guests wereDr. William Goodwin, of Charlottssville, Virginia, Elizabeth Steele, ofParis, Miss Anna Howard Harbison,Mr. Edward" Stoll, Mr. Maruice Burnaugh, of New York, Mr. ReubenHutchcraft, of Paris.HUNTEtfS MAKING PREPARATIONS FOR DOVE SEASON.The sportsmen of Paris and Bourbon County are now making ttfeir arrangements to take a vacation in. August in order to take advantage ofthe dove season, which opens August1. Prospective hunters have beenbusy hunting up their licenses and theguns which had been stowed away inclosests and in attics are beingbrought out and furbished (whateverthat means) and supplies of shellsrenewed. Owing to the long drydry summer the dove crop is said tobe larger and better than for manyyears, and the all-importanf questionis where are they the most plentiful?! W. Ed Tucker's IBIGENODRSES SUGGESTION FORCONCERT AT FAIR GROUNDS.The following letter was receivedrecently at this office, in which thewriter, who wishes her name withlield, approves of the suggestion recently made by the News that the directors of the Fair Association utilize the grounds for a series of musical concerts, etc."Paris, Ky., July 18, 1914."Ed. The News:"I am in hearty accord with the article which shortly appeared in TheNews suggesting the use of the Bourbon County Agricultural Society'sgrounds for the purpose of affordingsummer amusements for the peopleof Paris. This would be especiallyappreciated by workers of the citywhose amusements are necessarilylimited to what little is afforded during the week. After the motion picture houses close at night Paris islike a grave yard. But it is on Sundaypractically the only time the workerhas for a little relaxation that heor she would like to get away fromthe dull routine and be and havesomething different. I am one of thelatter and I know from my own experience that this is a dull burg on Sunday. A sacred concert at the FairGrounds Sunday afternoons would bea blessing and would no doubt behailed with delight by those whoseoccupations keep them from having)much pleasure through the week.There could be nothing in such ascheme to conflict with religious observance of the day. I sincerelyhope some action may be taken inthe matter and that we will be ableto hear some good music soon, in theopen air, where the enjoyment willbe increased tenfold by the novelty ofthe surroundings."MISS "FOR RENT.Cottage of three rooms and bath, onSeventh Street. Call Home Phone363 or E. T. Phone 579.KODAKS$5.00AND UP.KODAKoffers the pleasures ofpicture taking indoors orbut.Come in and we willshow you how easy it isto Kodak.We have a large line ofKodaks and BrownieCamerasParis GreenBear in mind that theway to make a little poison go a long way is tohave it early.Have You Paris Greenon Hand When theTobacco WormsCome?IIKInlearancesale:Begins Monday, July 6th,Ends Saturday, July 18th.Two Weeks of Bargain Giving Don't Miss It.Be waiting for themgive them a green reception. We have the Pf eiffer Potato Bug Brand,the best green you canpossibly buy.Our price is right.Peoples PharmacyPARIS, KY.Doyle Buildin g8th and Main."Watch Our Windows."BLUE GRASS PARK!Bathing and Boating.Free- DANCING -FreeAfternoon and Evening.Music by Schemnef s OrchestraW. Ed Tucker.,B . Paris' Only Exclusive Dry Goods Store. Mifsil W WEOTHEB SPECIE8 Six Iced Tea Glasses,I Six Iced Tea Spoons$ and Six CoastersAlvlv FOR$4.50SC. O. HINTON2!THE J. T. HINTON CO.SUMMER GOODS!Big Reduction For This Week.WATCH WINDOW!See Our Line of Porch Shades, Porch Furniture, CrexRugs,! Refrigerators, Go-Carts, Hammocks.::2"SM"""?"3"I,ZMS""a,S"WaPaper Almost AtCan Hang It At OnceCos!.niDaughertyBros.JUST R C 1VED--Several bales of Felt Mattresses. Good for cool or hot nights. Very close priceson these.. , i v l.iM.f.iM....M.iiiiM"IiAnything You Want in Furniture !Cheap, Medium or Fine.. . MIIIM'"M'MI"M"Picture Moulding and Frames Made to Order.THE J. T. HINTON COMPANYParis, Kentucky Phones 36Undertaking:-Ambulance-Wood Mantelsi41iiI."S-f iTHE BOURBON NEWS PARIS, KY., JULY 21 1914,. H 77JIT1RHD, WORN-OUT, MISERABLE.Many Paris people in This Condition.There is little rest for the kidneysucerer.The back throbs, feels ,weak andpainful.The urinary passages are irregular-and distressing.The kidneys need suick help.They need a special kidney remedy.Doan's Kidney Pills have stood thetest.Can any Paris reader doubt thisstatement?Mrs. G. N. Gravett, 44 N. First Ave.,Winchester, Ky., says: "For years Ibave known about Doan's KidneyPills, and I consider them the best ofall kidney remedies. I had headachesand backache and was restless atnight. I felt all tired out in the morning ing and sometimes nervous. Seeing Doan's Pill, I used them. Theymade me strong and well."Price 50c, at all dealers. Don'tsimuly ask for a kidney remedy getDoan's Kidney Pills the same that3Irs. Gravett had. Foster-MilburnCo., Props., Bugalo, N. Y.At 16 a girl is seeking an ideal. At26 any old kind of male mutt will do.The old-fashioned woman who usedto pay a quarter to have her fortunetold now has a daughter who wins somuch playing rhum that she isn'tbothered about the future.The very latest thing is he white-satine petticoat. It weighs nothingand is as thin as a cigarette paper, butit is absolutely opaque. The girls arebuying them by the carload. Theman who introduced them will neverget my vote.BEST DIARRHOEA REMEDY.I u Easy Cpcriiuj-Box M SlrlUE rULIwHEv II TWISl tOS UOin THE F. F. DALLEY CO.. LTD., BUFFALO. N. Y. HAMILTON. ONT. jiiixiJi, ''! BB.UKLEN'S ARNICA SALVE FORCUTS, BURNS, SORES.If you have ever used Chamberlain'sColic, Cholera and Diarrhoea Remedyyou know that it is a success. SamF. Guin, Whatley, Ala., writes, "I hadmeasles and got caught out in the rainand it settled in my stomach and bow-Jels. I had an awful time, and had itnot been for Chamberlain's Colic,Cholera and Diarrhoea Remedy Icould not possibly have lived but afew hours longer, but thanks to thisremedy, I am now well and strong."For sale by all dealers,(ady-july)Luther Burbank is getting a lot ofpraise for developing the SpinelessCactus. Why doesn't he tackle something hard and develop spines for.spineless men?Mr. E. S. Loper, Marilla, N. Y.,writes: "I have never had a Cut,Burn, Wound or Sore it would notheal." Get a box of Bucklen's ArnicaSalve to-day. Keep handy at all timesfor Burns, Sores, Cuts, Wounds. Prevents Lockjaw. 25c, at your Druggist,(adv-july)If there is a hole anywhere in thesheet on the bed you will alwayswake up and find your big toe in it.If a man and woman are walkingalong the street and she stops to lookinto a window and he keeps on untilhe is a square ahead of her you canbet that they are married.This is a fine world. Worryingmakes you grow Bald and growingBald makes you Worry.WHYlfEAKTUNGS?"The toll of tuberculosis is claimingmore than 330 victims every day in theUnited States, yet few realize their gravecondition until the critical period arrives.Overwork, worry, weakness after sickness, catarrh, bronchitis, tender throatsall exert the weakening influence thatinvites consumption.To guard against consumption; thousands of people take Scott' sEraulskm aftermeals because its rich medicinal nourishment strengthens the lungs, puts vigor inthe blood, and upbuilds strength to resisttuberculosis. Scott's Emulsion is nature 'astrength-builder. Refuse substitutes.11111 IB I IIIIIIIIIEIII IIIIPillllllllllllllll llllllllllllllllllllllllllll!M llL SUB- 1licnidanmm Mm. i mwl. sm Mm: mW 7sm. Mm WiiilllttiiiiliiiiilHBiiiiiiiiiiill AND JMl ICANADA4'3ov.?The land of lakes and cool breezes.An ideal place to spend your vacation.Let one of our passenger representatives help you plan your trip. Noobligation whatever and you will beassured of excellent transportationfacilities and courteous treatment..COMBINATIONRAIL, IAKE and OCEAN TRIPSWITH OPPORTUNITY OF VISITJNGDetroit - Niagara Falls - Toronto - Montreal - QuebecNew York - Boston and many interesting placesLOW FARES LONG LIMITS LIBERAL STOP-OVERSCall on jour local agent or addressP. C. BENEDICT, D. P. A. or F. P. WADE, T. P. A.Fifth and Walnut Sts., Cincinnati, O.Illustrated Tour Books on applicationHllmiiiTBBBBffliillllllllHIIIIIIIKLINE'S BIG SHOWSBLUE GRASS FAIRINCLUDE NEW ATTRACTIONS ANDSURPRISES FOR THEPUBLIC.Company to Appear at the Blue GrassFair Is the Best and Most CompleteThat Have Visited Kentucky.This year as in the past the KlineShows have added new attractions andsurprises for the public, founded andperfected only by great labor, patienceand skill with no spare of time andmoney to make their organization thatwhich it is now, the most complete andbest equipped carnival company touring the country to-day.The repertoire of new ideas andnovelties advanced are far above theDid stereotyped carnivals of a fewyears ago.Many startling features will be presented for the first time to the amusement loving public. The new attractions, the new riding devices are themost unique and far removed from allothers.The Kline Shows have been madepopular by their clean class and character of everything undertaken. Nothing of a questionable nature has everbeen tolerated. The usual catch-pennyaffair, games of chance, etc., have always been conspicuous by their absence. The company this season is the largest, best and most complete the KlineShows have ever had on the road. Itconsists of about 270 persons and theoutfit will travel on a special train oftwenty or more cars.The aggregation will represent aninvestment of several hundred thousand dollars. The shows and attractions are varied, comprising everything with which people expect to beentertained and amused when they attend a fair or carnival. And the showsare all clean, that is one thing aboutwhich Mr. Kline is very particular.He has a reputation which has resulted in the Kline Shows being booked by the biggest and best fairs in thecounty for a number of years. Eorfive years he has been showing at theDallas State Fair, an equal period atthe Illinois State Fair and like places.This year in addition to the others, hehas secured the New York State Fair,the biggest in the country.The following are a few of the attractions to be seen with the Klineshows.The Walter K. Sibley, internationallady champion swimmers and diversshow is one of the big attractions. Aspecial swimming tank has been constructed for the act, which is an innovation. In former years tanks havebeen made in each town by digging ahole in the ground and erecting a canvas screen around it. But this newtank is in two sections set on wagons.When the parts are clamped togethera tank having a depth of about sevenfeet and thirty feet long by ten ortwelve in width is made.Mr. Kline has made arrangementsfor the appearance on Don Fulano, theeducated horse. The animal is saidto be without a peer and has been seenon the big-time vaudeville circuits.About two months ago he was one ofthe attractions on the Majestic Theater bill. He is in charge of CowboyElliott.Princess Victoria, the miniatureMme. Melba, -will be one of the bigdrawing cards. She is the smallestperfectly formed women in the worldand has a voice of remarkable sweetness. The midget has been in SanAntonio all winter and she has madea lot of friends.The Nomia Musical Company.Johnson's Nomia show is a musicalcomedy production carrying 20 people.It is far superior to the average roadshow, being elaborately costumed andcalling for a change of bill every day."Mexico," a reproduction of thescenes and lire in the southern republic is expected to prove immenselypopular in the Northern States, wherepeople are anxious to know about thempn nnrl wnmpn in thp fnimtrv whprflrevolutions have .been in progress forthe last four years. One .of the features of the offering will be a shambattle. The show was planned andmade ready in San Antonio and willcarry eighty people and about thirtydonkeys and horses.A motordrome is now in course ofconstruction for use with Mr. Klines'shows. The interior track has a steeper angle than any rider has yet attempted to negotiate on a motor cycle.Hardy's high-wire act, one of thebig free attractions for the Fiesta is"under Mr. Kline's control. Hardy issaid to be one of the cleverest highwire performers in the world. He performed the perilous feat of crossingNiagara Falls on a wire.e! Thomas & Woodford IFire, Wind,Lightning Insurance!Protect Your GrowingTobacco Against1 HAIL:Only First-Class CompaniesRepresented4GREAT ARE ATTRACTIONSAn Immense Display of Horses, Cattle,Sheep, Swine, Poultry andPet Stock.The management of the Blue GrassFal2 are pleased to announce thatplans are all under way to make thisfair one of the most attractive of anythat will be held in the Middle Westduring 1914.An Aristocracy of StockWill be gathered at Lexington during the week of August 3rd to 8th.Prize winning cattle will vie withblooded horse.The Liberal Premiums OfferedIn all departments will engender aspirited strife, contention and rivalryamong ardent contestants making adisplay greatly in excess of that witnessed at any former fair.CURED OF INDIGESTION.COYft)fiTIBGreatBargainSaleNowGoing On!Greater Bargains than youhave ever before heard of inParis.PARIS INTERURBAN SCHEDULECITY CAR ONLY.Mrs. Sadie P. Clawson, Indiana, Pa.,was bothered with indigestion. "Mystomach pained me night and day,"she writes. "I would feel bloated andhave headache and belching after ieating. I also suffered from constipation. My daughter had used Chambelain's Tablets and they did her somuch good that she. gave me a fewdoses of them and insisted upon mytrying them. They helped me as nothing else has done." For sale by alldealers,(adv-july) " -Big league managers and actorsthink they get a lot of criticism. Butthe Step Mother is in a class by herself.KINDLY CALL I ATTwin ii. Deparimem hh,Seventh and Main Sts., Paris, KyAfter Mother has cooked and washed for him for ten years, Father always wonders why Mother's handsare not white and soft like those ofthe girls he sees down street.STOPS NEURLGIA KILLS PAIN.LVe. Court House.7.00 a m7.45 a m8.15 a m8.45 a mv 9.15 a m9.45 a m10.15 am10.45 am11.15 a m11.45 a m12.00 m10:45 p (m ,1.15 p m1.45 p m2.15 p m2.45 p m3.15 p m3.45 p m4.15 pm5.15 p m.5.40 p m6.05 p m"6.30 p mCity Limits Only.Lve. Station 547.15 a m8.00 a m8.30 a m9.00 a m9.30 a m10.00 a m10.30 a m11.00 a m11.30 a m11.50 a m12.15 p m1.00 p m1.30 p m2.00 p m2.30 p m3.00 p m3.30 p m4.00 p m5.00 p m5.30 p m5.50 p m'6.15 p m6.40 p m9999m99memm99999999999999999999999 9C999 999999999999 99999991STAPLE C& FANCY?GROCERIESJALSOAll the VegetablesOf the SeasonOUR LINE OFCanned GoodsCannot Be ExcelledN. A. MOORE.Sauer's Old Stand9999999m999999C98999999999999999999999999999999999999999999999999999999999999999999g9999Q9.s3i&mwU AKENTUCKY TRACTION & TERMINAL COMPANY.ONEROPOf BOURBON POULTRY CUREdown a chick's throat curesgapes, A ew drops in thedrinking water cures andprevents cholera, diarrhoeaand other chick diseases. One50c bottle makes 12 gallons ofmedicine At all druggists.Sample and "booklet on "Diseases of Fowls" sent FREE.Burbon Remedy Co. Lexington, IySloan's Linament gives instant re-goes straight to the painful partSoothes the Nerves and stops thePain. It is also good for Rheumatism, Sore Throat, Chest Pains andStrains. You don't need to rub, it penetrates. Mr. J. R. Swinger, Louisville, Ky., writes: "I suffered withquite a severe Neuralgic Headachefor four months without relief. I used Sloan's Liniment for two or threenights and I haven't suffered with myhead since." Get a hottle to-day.Keep in the house all the time forpains and all hurts. 25c, 50c, and ?1,at your DruggistBucklen's Arnica Salve for all sores,(adv-july) ,Interurban Schedule.Leave LexingtonFor Paris6.00 a m7:20 a m8:00 a m8:50 a m10:20 a m11:50 a m1:20 p m2:50 q. m3:30 p m4:20 p m5:00 p m6:00 p m7:20 p m x9:10 p m11:00 p mDaily except SundayLeave Parisfor Lexington6:45 a m7:30 a m8:15 a m9:00 a m9:45 a m11:15 a m12:45 p m2:15 p. m3:45 p m4:30 p m5:15 p m6:05 p m6:50 p m8:15 p m10:05 p mSPECIAL TO WOMENThe most economical, cleansing andgermicidal of all antiseptics isA soluble Antiseptic Powder tobe dissolved in water as needed.As a medicinal antiseptic for douchesin treating catarrh, inflammation orulceration of nose, throat, and thatcaused, by feminine ills it has no equal.For ten years the Lydia E. PinkhamTrledicine Co. has recommended Paxtinein their private correspondence withwomen, which proves its superiority.Women who have been cured sayit is "worth its weight in gold." Atdruggists. - 50c. large box, or by mail.The Paxton Toilet Co., Boston, Mass.To The Public.All water used for drinking purposes, either hydrant, cistern, well orspring water, should he boiled before using.A. H. KELLER,10-4t Health Officer.FOR SALE.One 3-horse-power gas or gasolineengine. Will sell cheap. Apply toHENRY GROSCHE.LOST.Palm Beach Coat, between Lexington and Paris. Return to Newsoffice. Reward. 3tFOR RENT.House of 4 rooms and kitchen, onMassie Avenue. Apply toJ. BENNETT TARR,(14-3t) Both Phones 390.liumjm-1One aDDlication soothes and heals a roughoimnlvskin.and.whenreoeated.auicklyeffectsa cure. Eczema. Erysipelas, Tetter, Ulcers andall skin diseases yield to its curative properties.50c a box. at an uruggtsis.Send for free lample and book. "Health and Beauty."JOHNSTON, HOLLOWAY CO.,1739 Sarins Garden St., PhHa., IrnrrTrranII I ll Slvjl Jk-wa mmmmmm --mm,vi' , ,?JT:'Af v- ''Jp5l-'vr1w.MftAUMkfttaJfc-ff. lyi--.--...,..ARNOLD DOUGLAS BROWN'-V..' J! . A . ,'Aj -Vs-CfiUneeda BiscuitTempt the appetite,please the taste andnourish the body.Crisp, clean and fresh5 cents in the moistureproof package.AJtfanst)mkJKOomansVvifih-i'0i:i4- .';sa-"SPji? "-"'2r"fi :' LasflMHMIHilliKHK'A Hole inthe WallX 9GVfrA V KI5K,;:iS&S$5BKFiicvSHHrhm?i. &0. ' "2:-. . . 5.1 .iSome 35 years ago Mr. Arnold Doughs Brown became associated withIonald McKay, Chief of the WarmSprings Indians. This was soon aftertr.e close of the Modoc War of 1873.The whole country was at that timeinterested in the success of DonaldMcKay and his Warm Springs Indiansand their war against Captain Jackand his Modoc warriors.Arnold Douglas Brown became interested with Donald McKay in givinga series of Indian exhibitions, visitingcil the large cities of the UnitedStates. Wth these Indians there wasan old Indian Medicine Man who hadbeen taken along by the company tolook after the health of the tribe incase of sickness.This old Medicine Man and ArnoldDouglas Brown became staunchfriends and many valuable secrets ofhow to make medicines as the Indiansused them, were given Mr. Brown.mong them was the formula ofPrown's Native Herbs in LiquidvForm, composed of roots and herbs ofthe forest.In after years Mr. Arnold DouglasBrown kept experimenting and gradually perfecting a system of production whereby he brought out thisgreat Indian Medicine and gave it thename of Brown's Native Herbs inLiquid Form. A medicine which hasmade Mr. Arnold Douglas Brown famous throughout the country, becausethis remedy has proven itself as simple as Nature itself. It brines abouti a healthy, lasting action and effectupon the Liver, Kidneys, Stomach,Bowels and Blnnr?. "RnilrHnp- im thoj Blood, purifying the system, strengthening the nerves and restoring healthy action to every function of thehuman body. People suffering withStomach Trouble, Constipation or feelrun-down in any way will find Brown'sNative Herbs in Liquid Form a greatmedicine. All druggists sell it at?1.00 a bottle. Use Brown's Linimentfor all aches and pains. Price 25c.afe InvestmentSTvixiBrosGives advice tojjall the people "of; ParisandBourbon County to invest their moneyin..'XlAS233235S3C!Clothing, Shoes,Hats, Gaps,Underwear, Etc.They will give you one hundred cents onthe dollar on your merchandise investment.T'ft S- -M GLfgr rerrr AS&x?.iCIl - ov-t- biiiiitly-iSMcXsez.Oji .majagL. WOLLSTEIIN, Prop.GEO. W. DAVISFUNERAL DIRECTOR AND LICENSED EMBALMER.BOTH'PHONES DAT 137; NIGHT 399.13T1v-n "i5s fx J rf i c . .ir x"vfif1. jn ----; i-tiii--- r-r i; v.-.i3J'AE SRI rt-Sk --Zrrrr. j-fSA --!.&msSifsa&wriHPlhl Shingle DecayI7UDoesn't PayParticularly when it can beprevented at small cost bythe use ofPreservative Shingle Stains(Made with Creosote)The use of creosote gives these stains excellent preservative properties, greatly increasing the natural lifeof thejihingles.Twenty-three handsome shades'C. A. Daugherty.A large and very gray old dogcame shambling up the pebbled pathleading to the veranda of Orrin Cannon's country home. With a half growlat the owner, the animal entered theopen door and vanished down the corridor. Cannon was a new resident of Dewberry, the little village that he hadmotored through the year before, andthat had so inspired him by its quietand its greenness. This old manse,with the well-kept lawn and neat pathsand rare shrubbery, had appealed tohim, and a chance remark to the onegeneral merchant of the community,where he had stopped to buy gasoline,had elicited the information that theplace was for sale. An impulsive wordto his lawyer upon reaching Boston,and the estate was his.Cannon possessed a fine greyhound.After the curious dog had entered thehouse there came out to the naturelover the sounds of strenuous battle."Keno objects to company," laughedCannon, as he hurriedly entered thehouse.The aged shepherd dog was outclassed. He was pretty well torn bythe punishing jaws of the lithe Kenobefore Cannon could part them.Strange to say, the old dog showedno disposition to leave, even after thischastisement. Calling a servant, Cannon turned over to him the bruised andmangled canine with instructions tomend him as well as possible beforeallowing him to go his way.That afternoon the Bostonian received his first visitor a minister of asect of worship strong in New England. "I am the pastor of the local flock,"prefaced Rev. John Dobbs, "and I cameto ask if we are to include you in ourcongregation."Before Cannon could answer, therecame to him again the war-like caninevoices, and rushing into the hall hedragged the resentful greyhound fromthe persistent collie."I perceive." came from Rev. JohnDobbs, when the two were again In thoparlor. "I perceive, sir, that you areof a kindly disposition. Miss Helenwil thank you for your treatment ofher dog. He is old. He forgets thatthis place is no longer his home.""Ah, then he used to belong here?That accounts for his persistence!""Yes, he is owned by Miss Helen.When her uncle died, and by somemischance failed to leave a will making her his heiress, his scape-graceson came into the property, and itwas promptly offered for sale. We areall positive that Judge Gray wishedHelen to have, at his demise, all of hisearthly possessions, but "The visit of the minister was followed within the hour by the arrivaLof a very pretty and evidently verymuch worried young woman."You!" she cried when Orrin Cannonanswered the ring at his door.Cannon's own dark eyes' beamedrecognition."You!" he echoed. "Helen Darrow,of all people! I can't imagine you as aresident of this town.""Nevertheless, I am," laughed thegirl. "The miracle, to my mind, isthat you are the Cannon who hasbought my uncle's home." A wistfullook came into her great blue-blackeyes. "I don't know of any one Iwould rather see here," she finished.It was a warm June day. Cannonhad drawn a porch chair forward forthe girl."You should have married me,Helen," said the man. "You know Iloved you, and sometimes I half be-!lieved you loved me in spite of the jfact that you sent me away.""Bark, g-r-o-w-1, bark," came from jthe hall, and with an impatient ex-!planation Cannon sprang to his feet jand dashed into the hall. iThe dogs were fighting again. jWhile the two previous battles werebeyond doubt won by the greyhound, Ithis melee was in favor of the collie, jwho had a throat hold on his enemy.Hither and yon threshed the combatants, nor could Cannon get to them 'until after they had smashed into aheavy umbrella holder and sent it -crashing to the floor.Then a strange thing happened.As the huge affair struck the side ofthe tiled wall three feet of this swungsilently inward on a concealed hinge toreveal a heavy safe."Oh!"The girl, who had followed Cannoninto the hall, gasped at the revelation."The hidden safe that uncle told meof, and that I could never find!"The door of the safe was ajar. Itcontained but one article an important looking paper."A will!" came breathlessly fromthe girl, after she had read this, and itleave's everything to me!""Which," ruefully commented theyouth, with a sigh, "puts you fartheraway from me than ever.""It unites us," corrected the girl, andtwo arms, there in thdusk of the hall,crept up and about his neck. "I wouldbe lonesome here alone dear, I want7ou. I I want you, O! so much."Outside, the greyhound bayedangrily, and the collie on guard at thedoor, ears a-cock, growled in defiance.W&MLEfrBaronet BiscuitRound, thin, tenderwith a delightful flavorappropriate forluncheon, tea anddinner. 10 cents.ZuZuPrince of appetizers.Makes daily trips fromGinger-Snap Land towaiting mouths everywhere. Say Zu Zu tothe grocer man, 5 cents.Buy biscuit baked byNATIONALBISCUITCOMPANYAlways look for that nameK-.. .-.-:;. v - -1--.v:;7jj:s: gj 53r $igorously good--and keenlydelicious. Thirst -quenchingand refreshing.The national beverageand yoursmL. THE COCA-COLA COMPANYr- .rt.::c::a, vja. .DsmzincI the genuine by full nameNscknaraes encourage substitutioa.Wheneveryou see anArrow thinkof Coca-Cola1 mPI m1-FWhen a woman receives a telegram:marked "collect" she always getsmad because there isn't some moneyinside the envelope.Most men think that an honoredname is one that will be honored at a.bak.JnnlrVlv TftHffv TlHjnimA.t1iiTn SoreMuSm .iA. lkTAMM.lrMn RVTA TTfMLrtnrliA ftndm all pains. Yoar money tack if it fails to j ilieve any ache- fa: say part of the body iasiteen minutes omev-Price 50c. At All Iruggist8.M FrM Mmplo dremlar lent on requesUBOURBON REMEDY COMPANY, rX. 342 East Mahi St., Lexington, Ky.X1!INSURANCEAGAINSTf IRE, WINDandLIGHTNINGW. 0. HINTON,AGENT.For Old. Strong, Reliable,Prompt-Paying Companies, seeme.4)showing orFIRELESSCOOKERSThat save so many good housekeepers from the heat and willmake your cooking much easier.You can do your cooking whiledown town doing your shopping.Nothing will burn Prices,$8.00 up$28,00Refrigerators!at ayou.A few more refrigerators leftg reduction. Let us showAlso, get the prices.Women's Privilege."Weren't you shy when the judgeasked you your age in court?" '"Yes, I was about ten years shy, myidear." Life. J11 . r,.ii l 11 v" !j; v j$6.75 up to $30.Porch Chairs and SwingsFor the Comforts During the Hot Days. .,A Big Saving.A. F. Wheeler. Furniture CoMain and ThirdCHAS. GREEN, Mgr.Opp. Court Houseivy fUrs nni t $ur sfn.-:xv:s.w.j''s.!5tMwi,r -" -,w..-iiiiU iV- Air wj 4-.lL'i. JJ ' i "" '4 .r-.. w ,, .THE BOURBON NEWS, PARISfc, KY., JULY 21 1914SEWS OF MILLERSBURGMr. Wadell Beeding, of Georgia,arrived Saturday as the guest of relatives here.Mrs. J. Jefferson entertained 8of her lady friends with an elaboratedining Friday.Mr. and Mrs. Letton Vimont leftFriday for a weeks' sojourn at CrabOrchard Springs.Mrs. Rhoda Conway, of JIfynthiana,arrived Thursday as the gueslof hersister, Mrs. Fannie Norton.Miss Virginia Hutchcraft left Saturday for a visit to relatives at Louisville and Indianapolis, Ind.T. D. Judy and son have purchased a new peanut and popcorn roasterwith all the latest improvements.Miss Mary McDaniel left Thursday for a visit to Mesdames K. R. andA. M. Vaught, of Indianapolis, Ind.Mrs. Nannie Patton, of Lexington, is the guest of her sisters, Mesdames Jennie Letton and Lavina Vimont Miss Mayme Stokeley and brother, Mr. Dillard Stokeley, arrived Sunday as guests of their aunt, Mrs. G.L. Hill.Messrs. Clarente Wasson, G. P.Fisher and Richard McDaniel left Sunday for Crab Orchard Springs, andwill return Wednesday.Mr. John Letton, of Atlanta, Ga.,arrived Saturday as the guest of hismother and sister, Mrs. Jennie Letton,and Miss Leona Letton.Miss Mary Stump and nephew,Mr. Albert Endicott, arrived Mondayfrom Seattle, Washington, where theyhave been for several months.Mr. and Mrs. W. M. Brown andson, of Birmingham, Ala., arrivedThursday as guests of their mother,Mrs. Hettie Brown, and family.Mr. S. C. Bascom and family, andMr. M. C. Grimes and family, enjoyedan outing Sunday- in the Bascom automobile making the tour of HighBridge, Harrodsburg and Frankfort.Mr. and Mrs. A. S. Best attendedthe funeral of their aunt, Mrs. Ben.D. Best, at Georgetown, Friday.They were accompanied home bytheir cousin, Miss Louise Best, ofMaysville, who remained over nightwith them.Mrs. W. M. Miller entertainedthe Rook Club and a number ofother guests Thursday afernoon, inhonor of her sister, Mrs. R. L. Buffington, of Moundsville, Ohio. Theoccasion was a delightful one. Icesand cakes were served to those present. Misses Jane and Julia Purdy havemoved from rooms in the home ofMiss Bettie F. Vimont to their country home vacated by their brother,Mr. J. T. Purdy and wife. Mrs. Elizabeth Stirman and daughter, Miss Stella, will occupy the rooms vacated bythe Misses Purdy.FIRE&ESS COOKER. There willbe a lady to demonstrate the FirelessCooker, -at our furniture store, in ParIs, on Tuesday, Wednesday and Thursday, July 21, 22 and 23. Somethinggood to .eat. Read ad on page 7.A. F. WHEELER & CO.,Opp. Court House.Mr. and Mrs. Frank Collier, ofParis, gave a dining Sunday, whichwas a reunion of the Collier family.Those present from Millersburg wereMr. and Mrs. J. H. Collier, Mr. W. E.rwreatTeWe are overstocked with Shoes. Manufacturers who shipped us thegoods urge us to turn these into cash at once. THEY NEED THEMONEY! Our enormous stock of High Grade iMen's, Women's and Children's Shoeswill be sold at a great sacrifice of original values. Read the prices carefully.Ladies' Colonial Pumps of elegant Patent Colt,with button on side, Milo Shoe, $5i00 value at. .Ladies' Patent or Soft Dull Calf Pumps, $4.00value at 'Ladies' Patent Colonial, Oxfords or Shoes,S3. 00 values atLadies' White Canvas Oxfords, rubber soles,'$3.00 values at $ 1 -99 andLadies' White Canvas Colonial and Baby DollPumps, $3.00 values at $ 1 .99 andLadies White Canvas Pumps, $2.00 values at..Ladies Pat. Pumps, Louis heel, $3.00 values atLadies' Kid Oxfords, $2.00 values at 1 .24-Ladies' Suede Button Oxfords, $5.00 values at. . 1 .99Ladies' Suede 2-Strap Oxfords, $2.50 values at. 1 .49Misses' and Children's Shoes, Oxfords and Pumps, in Patent Leather andWhite Canvas, at specially reduced prices. Barefoot Sandals and Outing Shoesat Bargain Prices.IDwJmJkm!WhereCollier and little son, James, Mr. O.H Collier and family.Mr. and Mrs. J.H. Collier and little grandson, James,will remain until this afternoon.Messrs. J. J. Peed and John Shayand Mrs. J. A. Miller continue verymuch the same.Mrs. T. T. Bently entertainedSaturday afternoon and evening fortheir little son and daughter, MasterHarry Bently, and he was made happy by his many boy friends in the afternoon from 4 to 6. Miss PaulineBently entertained a number of littlegirls and boys in the evening from 7until 8:30. Ices and cakes were served. Mrs. Anna K. Boulden, aged about67, died at an early hour Saturdaymorning at her home at Detroit, Mich.,after a lingering illness. The greaterpart of her life was spent in andaround Millersburg. Some years agoshe moved to Detroit with her son,Mr. R. B. Boulden, where she hassince resided. She is survived by twosons, Messrs. G. K. Boulden and H.B. Boulden, one daughter, Miss Lillie Boulden. She hs many relativesin and around Lexington, and is aaunt of Miss Laura Layson, of thisplace. The remains will arrive lireon the noon train Monday, and beinterred from the train in the Millersburg cemetery, after a short service atthe grave.Mrs. David B. Judy, aged about 46years ,died at her home in Middlesboro at 8 a. m. Saturday, after a lingering illness. Mrs. Judy was formerly Miss Daisy Rule, and liar early lifewas spent in and around Millersburg.She was united in marriage whenquite young to Mr. David B. Judy, andtor a manner of years has resided atMiddlesboro. She is the mother ofone son, Mr. Richard K. Judy. Theremains accompanied by her husbandand son and mother, Mrs. MinnieRule, who resided with the family,Mrs. W. S. Judy, the latter of Lexington, will arrive this afternoon andbe taken to the home of Mr. J. B.Cray, ann interred in the MillersburgCemetery Monday at 10 a. m., agter ashort service at the grave.The following are among the oul-of-townfriends and relatives who attended the burial of Mrs. D. B. Judy,Monday: D. B. Judy and son, Richard K. Judy, husband and son of thedeceased; Mrs. Minnie Rule, mother,of Middlesboro; Mr. and Mrs. W. S.Judy and sons, Howard and JohnJudy, Lexington; Mr. Henry Judy, Kokomo, Ind.; Mr. James Judy and Mrs.Elizabeth Corrignton, of Indianapolis,Ind.; Mrs. Chas. McWhithie, ofGreencastle, Ind.; Mr. and Mrs. JohnClarke, of Lockwood, O.; Mr. W. H.H. Johnson and daughters, Mrs. LladConway and Miss Sue Johnson, ofParis; Mr. and Mrs. Thos. Pickrel,Mr. and Mrs. Harry King, of Carlisle.Mrs. Georgia Judy, of Carlisle, andMr. and Mrs. E. D. Current.The privileges were sold for theChautauqua Saturday afternoon andbrought good prices. Everydaypromises to be a banner day. Thebusiness men will probably give a parade in the early part of the first afternoon. You do not want to missthe parade nor the first day, for inso doing you will miss one of the best ing the clerk or his deputy were atfeatures. Every provision will be . work, he made no investigation. Themade for the entertainment and com- loss was discovered when counsel forfort of all who desire to come, even ' the "drys" filed a supplemental petiif you want to remain over night ! tion, bringing the numer of their sigSuitable lodging places will be provid- natures up to 841. The lost papered for you. Dn not lose sight of the contained 759 names.Cali RaisinGreatest Footwear SaleWitnessed in This County$2.992.491.991.491.49.991.493TBeauty andopportunity. Buy your tickets early,as large crowds are expected daily.The L. & N. R. R. will in all probability run evening trains from Parisfor the benefit of those who want toattend the night mettings. Seasontickets only $2, 15 entertainments.Mrs. C. M. Best is in the St.Joseph (Hospital, at Lexington, undermedical' treatment.Col. C. M. Best left Monday for atour of Central Kentucky in the interest of the M. M. I.Mr. D. B. Head, of Paris, was a!guest of his brother, Mr. J. D. Head.ifrom Saturday to Monday."Bunk" Moore was tried beforeSquire Thomasson, Monday, on p.charge of seining and was fined $25and costs. Moore appealed the casejA number of Millersburg people 'visited the new Blue Lick well whichwas recently opened up near ParksMill. Tne water was or an excellent hquality. j jREMEMBER THE PLACE.The Columbia Theatre and "TheMillion Dollar Mystery," Wednesday,July 22.GRAND LODGE OF ELKS.What Was Done at a Business Session of the Convention HeldIn Denver.The Grand Lodge of the BenevolentProtective Order of Elks in golden jubilee session at Denver, Colorado,with the annual national reunion ofthe order, decided to recognize theState reuion of associations of Elks;refused to provide, at present for thepublication of a national Elk' journal;disapproved of a proposition to makemembers who have served as secretaries of subordinate lodges for tenconsecutive years members of theGrand Lodge; condemned the use ofthe national anthem for advertisingpurposes, and approved a resolutionextending fraternal good will to Confederate and Union veterans of theCivil war.Southern delegates protested vigorously against being penalized for thecolored population of Southern cities.The Grand Lodge rescinded its action of a year ago and reinstated 5,000 population as a requisite for alodge dispensation, stipulating, however, "five thousand white" population. The subject will come up againon a motion to refer to a committeefor report."DRY" PETITION FORANDERSONMISSING.The petition filed by the "drys" ofAnderson County last Tuesday atLawrenceburg has been stolen, andCounty Clerk Cook says he has noknowledge of the time or manner ofits disappearance. Wednesday evening Mr. Cook put the petition in aplace known only to himself andthe County Judge, as he thought, butFriday, when the receptacle wasopened, the paper was gone.Jailer Siers says he saw a light inthe County Clerk's office about 10o'clock Wednesday night, but, think-Men's Tan Oxfords and High Shoes, $5,00values atMen's Tan Rubber Sole Oxfords, $5.00 valuesMen's Tan and Black Latest Last Shoes andOxfords, of the famous Walk-Over and Beaconmakes, $5.00 and $4.00 values at $3.49 andMen's Tan Rubber Sole Oxfords, GoodyearWelts, $4.50 values atMan's White Canvas Rubber Sole Oxfords, $4. 50jvalues at $ 1 .99 andMen' Patent and Gun Metal Oxfords, $3 valuesMen's Patent Colt Walk-Over Oxfords, $5 valuesBoys' Patent and Gun Metal Oxfords or Shoes,$3. 00 values atBoys Gun Metal Shoes and Oxfords, $2. 50 valuesCOHEN'SStoreEconomyBOURBON GET $2,834.50 IN-' pREASE FOR SCHOOLS.if-At- Frankfort, Thursday, Superintendent of Public Instruction Barksdale Hamlet fixed the school percapita for 1914-1915 at $4.50, which isan increase of 50 cents over the percapita of 1913-1914.This incresase will mean that theschools of.Bourbon County will receive an advance of $2,834.50 morethan they received last year.There' ari 5,696 children of schoolage in 'Bourbon County. Of thisnumber 2(133 reside within the limitsof Paris,, and? 3,536 reside in the county, outside,-pi ParisUnder' the new allowance as setaiside by, ifSupt. Hamlet, BourbonCounty .sch'pbls will receive a total of$25,310.50:''bf this amount the ParisCity Sch'oifts "will receive a total of $9,398i5)t flnclUhe county schools willbeitW tdnhe' extent of $15,912.Tn';LB13-Jl9r4 the Bourbon Countyschools' outiside of Paris received atotal of $14,276.28, the number ofchildren in the county of school ageat that time being 3,530, and the percapita being $4.05.Besides the above amount, BourbonCounty schools, outside of Paris, received in 1913-1914 a total of $13,457.92 form the county taxes, makinga total derived from all sourceS forschool purposes in the county, Parisexcluded, of $27,734.20.This amount of money was used inpaying the salaries of the countyteachers, building new school houses,improvements, maintenance, etc.During the 1913-1914 school term, 42white pupils and 4 colored pupilswere sent to the High Schools atParis and Little Rock. During thesame period, Bourbon County, outside of Paris, had 38 white teachersand 24 colored teachers.Scattered throughout the county,there are 38 district libraries belonging to the different schools.A total of $20,167.75 was paid tothe sixty-two teachers of BourbonCounty, excluding Paris, during the1913-1914 season, or an average o$341 each for the term.The State Auditor's Department, atFrankfort, estimated the school revenue for the current year at $3,061,544,to which is added the balance in theschool fund, making the total amountavailable, as estimated, $3,699,544.There are 730,000 children of schoolage in the State, and the State -fundwill be distributed among the countiesand cities in proportion to thescholastic population, on the basis of$4.50 for each pupil. The State fund,can be used only for paying teachers'salaries.It used to take ten yards of goodsto make a skirt. Now it takes three.But the three-yard skirt costs morethan the ten-yard skirt did.TheJpne bride who sweeps up thea church aisle in her finery this yearwill be sweeping down the cellar stepsin a greasy kimono next year.The smile on the face of the manwho teara up his tickets after therace never fools anybody.After they agree to marry theymarry, and they never agree again.It used to be that a popular bookwas one with a moral. JNowaaays tnemost popular book is the one with theimmoral.verWr$3.493.492.492.991.491.992.991.991.49ReignsOHlt5 I'lI A Strong Appeal To You !Look Over These Bargainvei: oomeming louNo Charging. Nothing Laid Away.Ready-ToWear Department.69c a piece, about 20 pique and white poplin dress skirtsalso a few linens among them, sold up to $3.50, butmost of them were $1.50 a piece; broken lot of sizes causeof selling them at 69c.I $1.95One rack full of dark and light colored woolcloth dress skirts, sold nn n S7 5ft ha ,v,ojority were 6.50, all of them now $1.95.$3.85 Chief bargain of all of them, viz: Forty summer dresses. 1R14-Stvles. havp nnlv Vippti TtnV.tus about seven weeks andu vi.ou, wiey are ui printedstripe voiles, a tew batistes, etc., at one low price of 3.85.$3.85 A small assortment of navy blue and brown oneon nr -, piece ser2e dresses, ' reduced from $10.00 to3.85 a dress.$8.95 A tremendous reduction on taffeta and crepeSorrcn .SSili dreSSeS styIeS 1914 Only, sold UP toa27.50, at $8.95 a dress.$1.69 A table full ofof crepe de chine.riais, prices were $z.5u ato4$ 1 ,95 A very large collection of all kinds of white andcolored washable summer waists, also crepe dechmes, and other silk waists in this line sold for $3.85 to$6.00. at 1.95 a piece.$2.85 A small line of colored hankerchief linen waists,n n a sma11 sprinkling of silk waists also in this$6.00 to $.o0 lot at $2.85.On Sale From Monday, July 20th,Until Sold Out.On all regular priced goods now adiscount of 20 per cent., or one-fifthoff the marked price.j Wolf, Wile d Co.formerly Jfaufman, Straus dcexingt oiii,CYCLONE AT HENDERSON.Woman and Her Thirteen-Year-OoldNephew Crushed to DeathIn Building.Two persons were killed, severalothers 'injured and scores of buildings damaged in a cycolne which,struck Henderson, late Friday. It isestimated the damage will reach$170,000. The municipal electric lightplant was partially destroyed and thecity is in darkness. Fires started intwo different sections after the tornado had passed, but were quicklyextinguished.The dead are: Mrs. William Sewell and her thirteen-year-old nephew,Bonnie Prior. Both were crushed todeath when a three-story brick building was blown over on their home.The cyclone started at the southedge of the city and swept a pathfour blocks wide and twelve blockslong through the main business andresidential section.GATUN LAKE STANDS TEST.Resources of Gatun Lake, the wondreful artificial reservoir which is themain dependence of the Panama Canalfor its water supply, have proven ample to meet all possible demands, after the most severe practical tests.Although the amount of water whichran into the lake during the last dryseason January to April, inclusivewas less than in any similar periodfor the last 22 years, being only 61per cent, of the normal collection, thelake. was maintained at its proper elevation throughout that period.GIVES GROUNDHOG DINNERFarmers near Hagerstown, Ind.,have found a new way to reduce thecost 6 living and to benefit theirfarms at the same time. J. C. Kilkinscon recently showed them how. Heinvited a number of friends to dinnerand a delectable meat, supposed bymost of the guests to be squirrel, wasserved. After the cigars had beenpassed, Mr. Wilkinson told them thatit was ground hog. These make goodfood and their killing off is a boon tothe farmer, for in their search forfood the animals .have devastated clover fields, gardens and truck patches,and in many instances haye maderaids on poultry yards.TUBERCULOSIS COMMISSION'SMOTION PICTURE EXHIBIT.'The Kentucky Tuberculosis Commission is preparing to send its exhibit of motion pictures to a numberof Central Kentucky counties thissummer. The Commission has acomplete equipment for producingmoving pictures and will be shown inthe open air or in coveniently locatedchurches. Local arragements is various counties will be made by countyhealth officers and county superintendents of schools. Moving picturesand slides, accompanied by brieflectures, will give the average layman all the essential facts lie oughtto know about consumption. Thepictures are shown free.Prices and Don't Delay toNeed at a Great Saving.now 250 of these have been soldvones, printed crepes, awning--awhite silk waists. 19U evloc ?China silk and figured mate-$1.69.yXATTENTION, I7PEOPLE!Do You Know We Handlethe Celebrated .Detroit Jewell6as Stoves & RangesCome and See. OurPrices Are Right.Plumbing and ElectricalContractors.Estimates Freely Given.Try Us.SPIGERHSTELKS' BUILDING.E. T. Phone 103Home Phone101you could have a cool kitchen, no coal to carry, nokindling to split, no ashesto carry, and at about halfthe price of coal, wouldn'tyou be interested? We cansho w you thatIwill do all these things, andmore.See us to-day for kitchencomfort.PARIS GAS &1ELECTRIC CO.IIncorporated.I H You ta !iGAS