n7.Vt i -THE BOURrNEWSrJTVvPUBLISHED EVFRY TUESDAY AND FRIDAY IN THE YEARVOLUME XXXIIPARIS, KENTUCKY, FRIDAY, MAY 29, 1914.DECLARED THAT jTWILL DESISTL"WE KNOW HOW"IN&BONAPPOINTMENT ASSENATOR TENDERED' TO li. CAMDEN.AWCOURTNOW WITHDRAWRumored Combination of Gov.McCreary and WoodfordCounty Man.BECKHAM MENVERY CONFIDENT.R. P. Ernst, of Covington,Only Sure Starter onvifrRepublican Side.Xes was received from FrankfortWednesday that Governor McCrearyias made a private tender of the appointment as United States Senatorto Mr. Johnson Camden, of Woodfordcounty. If Mr. Camden accepts theappointment will be officially announced in the near future. If Mr.Camden decides that he does not carefor the place Governor McCreary willnot make public the fact that theplace was first offered Mr. Camden,hut will promptly appoint some otherman.The plans of Governor McCreary areunderstood by his suporters in Louisville and are as follows:If Mr. Camden agress to accept,the Governor will commission the capitalist as Senator until the November election. In the August primaryMr. Camden will make the race forthe short term, ending March 4, andGovernor McCreary for the six-yearterm, beginning March 4.Mr. Camden is a man of immensewealth and Governor McCreary'sfriends are hopeful that if this program soes through the Camden-Mc-Crearv-combination will be able tomake a showing.Supporters of Mr. A. O. Stanley insist that the death of Mr. Bradley andthe fact that Governor McCrearyhopes to strengthen himself by fillingthe vacancy will have no effect uponMr. Stanley's candidacy, and that theSecond District Congressman will notwithdraw in favor of Governor McCreary. In fact, Mr. Stauley's backersbelieve that he is in a position to gettwo votes for every one for McCreary.The friends of Mr. Beckham are paying little attention to what GovernorMcCreary may do relative to the vacancy and are perfecting their organization for the August primary. Mr.Beckham will make his race beforethe people and his friends believehis majority will run into the tens ofthousands.The only sure starter for the Republican nomination for Senator isMr. R. P. Ernst, of Covington. Dr. W.Godfrey Hunter is still consideringthe matter, while former Governor A.E. Wilson and Mr. T. B. McGregor are-also possible starters for the Republican nomination.Mr. George W. Jolly, of Owensboro,is mentioned as a probable candidatefor Senator on the Progressive ticket.BECKHAM THE MAN.In the course of an editorial on theSenatorial situation, the NelsonStandard says:"The vital question now confronting the Democrat" rarty of the Stateis the man the Democrate should select to be their -.-dard-bearer forSenator at the Iw . - er election, asit is almost an aot . j. lulng thatsuch nominee will bj -.in next Senator. The choice seem, to be conlined to one of three mej Beckham,McCreary and Stanley. Who shall itbe? Are there any reasons of both apublic and private nature that shouldinfluence a public-spirited Democratto vote for one of these men over theothers. We believe such reasonsdo exist in a very marked and emphatic way, and point clearly to exGov. Beckham as the proper man toreceive the votes of the people onthis occasion. It is not our purpose,as it is not our desire, to say anythingunkind or disparaging about eitherGov. McCreary or Mr. Stanley, butmerely urge the superior claims and-fitness of Gov. Beckham."JUDGE DUNDONIS RETAINED.It was learned here yesterday thatMessrs. R. B. Hutchcraft, E. P. (jlaypool, J. W. Bacon, W. W. Mitchell,Harry B. Clay and John M. Brennan,Directors of the defunct State bankof George B. Alexander & Co., haveretained Judge Denis Dundon as theirattorney and will resist the effort ofthe State Banking Department to compel them to stand the losses accruingfrom the alleged peculations of rthePresident. It will be the contentionof the Directors that they did notsanction the transactions of the President which so badly involved thebank, and that they had no knowledge that there was anything wrong inthe institution, because much of thepaper to which Alexander attachedhis signature was carried outside ofthe bank "and not through it.Judge Dundon visited Colonel Thos.J. Smith, the State Banking Commissioner, at Frankfort, and he was informed by Colonel Smith that the attorneys of the department were of theopinion that the Directors of the Alexander Bank are liable, and thatsince they are perfectly able to paythe depositors ' it is his intention tocompel them to "come across" if hecan do so with the aid .of the Courtsof the State, which he will invoke.Until strict examination of the affairs of the Alexander Bank is madeby expert accountants, nothing can bedefinitely learned as to the prospectsof repayment to the depositors. Itwas rumored on the street yesterdaythat the State had filed suit againstthe directors, but it developed that itwas merely a rumor lacking foundation. The tenseness of the situationregarding the oank has subsidedsomewhat, and all the public can donow is to await the statement of theexperts who will soon be at work onthe tangle.Hon. John M. Lassing, of Newport,ex-Judge of the Kentucky Court ofAppeals, has been retained by theState Banking Commission to assistJohn J. Williams, of this city, in representing the banking commission ynall matters growing outrof thefailure"of the banking house of Alexander &Company.Judge Lassing was here Wednesday evening in consultation with Mr.Williams, Commissioner T. J. Smithand Assistant Commissioner RankinR. Reville, of Frankfort, and SpecialDeputy Buckner Woodford, of Paris.Mr. Woodford's duties are somewhatakin to those of a receiver.COUNCIL PROCEEDINGSAT REGULAR MEETING.The Board of Council met in regular session last night, with but oneabsentee, in spite of the heat.After disposing of routine businessand allowing a number of bills theCouncil listened to a petition for there-consideration of granting a licenseto Ed. Parker for a restauranton Eighth street, and the licensetelephone company agreed to installMrs. J. A. Violet was granted a permit to erect a frame residence between Sixteenth and High streets.The Library Committee was empowered to make Arrangements to secure $600 for current expenses.The Board of Education, throughSecretary Lapsley, submitted a reportshowing a deficit of 8,000.Chief of Police Link asked for the-placing of two telephone patrol boxesat Eighth street for police calls. Thetelephone company agreed to installand operate the instruments.NICHOLAS COUNTY BLUEGRASS SEED PROSPECT.At Carlisle, hands are being eneased and great preparations madeI all over this section fo the State forthe gathering of the great crop ofi blue grass seed that is to be harvested next month.Heavy contracts for strippers arebeing made and one of the local manufacturers is making heavy shipmentsto various sections of this and otherStates one shipment having gone toRussia. The seed crop is reported oneof the heaviest and best in years.SOLID FOR BECKHAM.A dispatch from BarbourvilleTuesday says:"Gov. Beckham spoke yesterday inthe interest of his candidacy for theSenate. He was met at the stationTjy a committee of representative citizens and escorted over town in automobiles. Although this is a verybusy season with the farmers, earlyin the morning they began to comeinto town and headed at once for theGovernor. By noon a large crowd washere, and it was almost solid forBeckham. A conservative estimateplacesGov. McCreary's vote at fifty inthis county and Stanley perhaps alone hundred. McCreary's vote willstay with him, butStanley's will grotfsmaller all the time."It is wonderful the hold that.GovBeckham has in this section. Promptlv atT 1 o'clock Mr. Joe Campbell,, oneof the leading attorneys of this bar,rapped for order, and in a few wellchosen words, Introduced the speaker. The court house was packed, allthe standing room being taken, andGoy. Beckham captured his hearersfrom the first" .THOMAS NOT CERTAIN.Under the head of "Capitol Gossip"the Frankfort State Journal of yesterday, said: "Former State SenatorClaude M. Thomas, of Bourbon county, prospectivec andidate for the Democratic nomination for Congress inthe Seventh District in opposition toCongressman Campbell Cantrill, washere yesterday on legal business. Hesaid he has not determined yet wliathe will do. He indicated that theshort time in which to make a thorough oanvass of the twelve countiesIn the district was, more than anything .else, causing him " to hesitate"." '' VVilla's Forces Preparing ToAssault ZacatacasCity.rfHUERTA REPORTEDAS MISSING.Meantime the Peace EnvoysHope the Dove of PeaceAlights.VERA CRUZ, May 28. Althoughreports were persistently circulatedhere to-day that General Huerta hasfled from Mexico City to Puerto,Mexico, to take passage on the German steamer, Ypiranga, they lackofficial confirmation, but are generallybelieved.Officers of the United States forcesstationed here were so certain thatHuerta would take passage for Europeon the Ypiranga, that they gave wayto-day to much speculation as towhether hew ould land from the shiphere. It was generally agreed thatHuerta would be perfectly safe atVera Cruz as he would be under protection of the Unitd States, and thesame guardianship" and protectionwould be given him as was extendedDr. A. Urruita, when a mob attacked,him.Additional color is given to thewidespread reports of Hue'rta's flightby the fact that Huerta has not beenseen in his accustomed haunts in theCapital for nearly forty-eight hours.Still further circumstantial confirmation is contained in thearrival hereof Carl Heynan, Mexican representative Of the Hamburg American line,and thfe Brazilian consul in MexicoCity They came upon a specialtrain &tid refused to discuss theirerrand.Querido HloKeno, iormer" Mexicanforeign jninister' .a,nd political friend,of Huerta, is alscJ s'aid to be leavingthe country for his tfefsorial safety".Linked with reports iftat Huerta isfleeing or is about to flee ae indications that Mexico City is oti the" brinkof an uprising.PEACE CONFERENCE.WASHINGTON, May 28. Officialdispatches sent from Mexico City andreceived at a diplomatic source heresay that "withdrawal" of Huerta is"possible" and add that it is being delayed by the necessity of arrangements to permit the dictator to abdicate with dignity.VILLA FORCES ACTIVE.EL PASO, TEX., May 28. Reportsfrom the south said that Gen. Villa'sforces were making haste in preparations for an assault on Zacatecas City,capital of the Zacatecs State. It wasasserted that the railroad from Torreon, Villa's concentration point, hadbeen repaired nearly to the next pointof attack. Already troops in largenumbers haye been sent south.HUERTA TO WITHDRAW.NIAGARA FALLS, May 28. Withthe land question satisfactorily adjusted, the mediators and delegateswere concentrating their attention onthe exact manner in which a new provisional government might be set upto succeed the -present regime. ThatGen. Huerta has formally indicatedhis willingness to abide by the program thus far outlined here is' nolonger doubted. The effort now is toarrange for a change of executives ina dignified manner.BASE BALL GAME TO-MORROWSPEARS MILL Vs. PARIS.The Spears Mill team will play theopener with the home boys here tomorrow afternoon in the BourbonCounty Sunday School League. Eachteam played good games last Saturday. The boys have been practicingagain this week and making a hard.effort to strengthen the line-up. Thegame will be called at 3 o'clock. Anadmission, fee of 10c will be collectedat the gate.SEED CORN.Carefully selected seed corn, testedfor germination. Good. Phones 84.R. B. HUTCHCRAFT.(21-3 wksl Paris, Ky.TO-DAY LAST DAyFOR FILING SUITS.To-day is the last day for filingsuits in the next June term of Bourbon Circuit Court. Only a few suitsof minor importance have so far beenfiled. The State Banking Commissioner filed suit against the ParisBase Ball 'Club to recover on a mortgage for $1,772.3Straw HatTime Is Here ! ;fc V" i Take Off That Old Felt Hat 'And put on a new Straw Hat. We have the kind that iscool, comfortable and Becoming.PanamasIn shayes to please the young man or the more conservative man. The very high crown straws, with narrowbrims with the bow on the side or back, just the thing forthe young yellow.Hopkins and Dunlap StrawsThe kind that the swell es in the cities are showing.Come to our store to-day and select your straw while, the -pickingis good.Straw Hats $1 to $5 Punamas $3.50 to$iOfc3ferV3! Mitchell & Blakemore,w Tfte Sfcor -for IVfor9: C(tioc Ddic t iawThe Store for Men's StylesParis, Kentucky. . ... am'MB 4HHftVftVftaC .HBai a. MM2E" .FRANK & CO.; : BUY NOWLast Cut in Prices ofLadies' Ready-to-Wear Garmentst,y2 OFF ON , I'; i Ladies' and Misses'r" . 1 Woolen SuitsI . I. ?' t Sizes 34 to 44 '.-;Km -5 t'uy3 OFF ONLadies' Odd Size Suits,Sizes 39 to 45Vz to yz OFF ONLadies' Silk DressesVz TO y2 OFF ONLadies' Evening DressesVz to y2 OFF ON. ..-. Ladies' and Children'sI Spring Coatstr- PLAYER PIANO FOR" SALE.A slightly used Baldwin' Player Piano. tJan be bought cheap. A splendid bargain.MQREHE AD" PI AttO CO!FRANK 6c CO.The Store Where Reliability-Reigns.ii.THE BOURBON NEWS, PARIS, KENTUCKY, MAY 29 1914The Bourbon NewsCITIES CAN CHOOSEOWN TEXT BOOKSmgggoafeCCrirM1 'wg11I8Iifkf9ftJcISBBBBbIbBBBHm Paris Rome Cckpbone ana tekgrapb CoJ. J. VEATCH, District Manageras 'Bourbon LaundryD WIS & FUNK, Props.Oil Telephone No. 4.Bourbonj 83Ka 3LParis Kentucky.GEO. W. DAVISFUNERAL DIRECTOR AND LICENSED EMBALMER.BOTH'PHONES DAT 191; NIGHT 299.Gasr lttmg !Plumbing and Elecri-t cal Work in AllTheir BranchesJ Masda (Tungston) Lamps; Stoves, RangesX and Appliances.Spicer &1 Gilchrist,Elks' Buildingt E.E. Phone, 103Home Phone, 101When you feet tiliscouragecoufused, nevous, tired, worried or despondent it issnre s'ign yoa need MOTTS NERVERINPILLS. They -renew the normal vigor armake life worth living. Be sure and ask f.Pott's Nerverine Pills gS-WILLIAMS MFG. CO., Prop.., Cleveland, OhicL. Oberdorfer, Druggist. Paris, Ky...KENTUCKY TRACTION & TERM-INAL COMPANY.Interurban Schedule.Cexve LexingtonFor Paris'6.00 a mLeave Parisfor Lexington6:45 a m7:30 a m8:15 a m9:00 am9:45 a m11:15 a m12:45 p m2:15 p. m3:45 p to4:30 p m5:15 p m6:05 p m ,6:50 p m8:15 p m7:20 a m8:00 a m3:50 am2fo:20 a m21:50 a mj 1:20 p mj 2:50 q. m3:30 p m4:20 p mo:00 p mS;00 p m.7:20 p mfi:10 p m11:00 ptm','Dily exbspt Sunday.10:05 p mHave You aHOME TELEPHONEOur Bourbon CountyBusiness is GrowingMore Rapidly ThanEver Before.Ask Your eighborj About TheService, Then Let Us Figure With You(Incorporated) ,K. E. SPEARS, Commerical Manager.West 5 StreetWe Take Pleasure.in oing up the finest shirtwaists or anything in thelarmrJ-nv lino. That ir Whavmade ihe Bourbon Laundrt fljSkfamous f o .fine work and it jKdever goes beck on its repu- Wtation. If you are particular fjabout how your linen islaundered, your custom is thekind we want as we like toappreciateeLaundry,SICK HEADACHE.Mrs. A. L. Luckie, East Rochester,; N. Y., was a victim of sick headache' and despondency, caused by a badlyweakened and debilitated condition ofiher stomach, when she began takingj Chamberlain's Tablets. She says: "Ifound them plasant to take, also mildi and effective. In a few weeks' time Iiwas restored to my former goodhealth." Por sale by all dealers.'(May) (adv)A woman would rather wash tenbabies than two dishes.And then there is the kind of fellow who can't order a meal in a res-itaurant until he has found out whatj the other fellows are eating.A self-made man too often erects askyscraper head on a bungalow body.You can never tell. Lots of girlswho act like doves can eat like ostriches. IS" uaFF J LaJ88ft8Thousands and thousands of women, whohave everythingthatheartcould desire to make themhappy, are miserable onaccount of womanly trouble. If you are of thisnumber, stop worrying,and give Cardui a trial.It has brought health andhappiness to thousands.TAKEThi Woman's TonicMrs. Delphinia Chancewrites from Collins,Miss.: "I suffered terriblyfrom womanly troubles.We had five doctors, butit seemed I could not getany better. I decided totry Cardui. After I beganto take it, I got bettereveryday. Now I feel aswell as I ever did." TryCardui, today. E-66CarduiroiYfit8ipjIDlSsflfQnJEstablished 1881 32 Years o Continouous Publication.5WIFT CHAMP, Editor and Owner.(Entered at the Paris, Kentucky,Postoffice as Mail Matter of theSecond Class.)One Year $2.00 Six Months. $1.00Payable in Advance.Published Every Tuesday and FridayADVERTISING RATESDisplay Advertisements, $1.00 perinch for first time; 50 pents per incheach subsequent instertion.Reading Notices, 10 cents per lineeach issue; reading notices in blacktype, 20 cents per line, each issue.Cards of thanks, calls on candidates, obituaries and resolutions, andsimilar matter, 10 cents per line.Special rates for large advertisemnts and yearly contracts.The right of publisher is reservedto decline any advertisement or othermatter offered for publication.Space is a newspaper's stock intrade and source of revenue.FOREST FIRES AFFECTSTREAM-FLOW IN IOWA.Residents of Wallace, Idaho, nowclaim that results of the disastrousforest fires in Northern Idaho in 1910are being made evident in the changed flow from a watershed then burnedover, which furnishes the water supply of the city. This basin includedan area of approximately two thousand acres and was formerly well timbered with trees from 50 to 200 yearsold. These were almost wholly destroyed by the fires of 1910. Fromthis watershed the city gets its supplynot only for domestic purposes, butalso for the development of electricity for power and light, so that themaintenance of a considerable flowis essential to the city.It is stated that before the firesthe flow of the stream at its loweststages was never below one thousandminers' inches, the unit of measurement which has been used. But sincethe fire, the records show, that theminimum flow has fallen to about 250miners' inches and it is now necessary for the company which furnisheswater, light and power to expend aconsidearble amount of money eachyear in developing power from steamand to use a considerable part of thispower in pumping water. Recordsof the weather bureau at Wallaceshow that the precipitation for. theyears since the fire has been aboutnormal for the region. This seemsto demonstrate to the townspeoplethat the unevenness in the flow mustbe due to the destruction of the forest cover of the watershed and not toany change in climate or precipitation. In view of the situation, the forestservice has undertaken to reforestthe denuded watershed. Some planting has already been done and eventually all of the watershed wnicn isincluded within National forestboundaries is to be reforested. Thepeople of Wallace are taking considerable interest in the work and express themselves as thoroughly insympathy with the effort that the service is making. The experts of thedepartment, however, point out thatthe planting will probably have no immediate effect, yet it should influencerun-off as soon as forest conditionsare restored, and re-establish eventually a more stable streamflow. Inthe mean time the forest officers aretaking measurements of the streamin connection with the records of precipitation, to determine just what relation exists, and what results willfollow reforestation.A definite relation between theamount of humus, or vegetable matterin the soil, and its crop-producingpower as shown by yields of corn, isgiven in figures just issued by the department of agriculture. The department therefore advocates the use ofvarious methods to introduce the required humus into the soil.Experts of the forest service statethat the soils of the whole country,and particularly of the South, havelost and are losing immense amountsof this source of soil fertility throughforest fires which apparently do little immediate damage but rob thesoil of accumulations of humus. Inmany parts of the South, land is being cleared for farming, and wheresuch forest land has not been burned,there is a large percentage of vegetable matter, which provides considerable fertility, and a good texture.Moreover, this soil has a greater capacity to absorb and retain moisture,and thus is less likely to be washedand gullied under heavy rains. Forthese reasons, leaving out of accountthe damage to standing timber, thedepartment's authorities are agreedthat fire should be rigidly kept out ofwoodlands.Striking facts regarding our forestresources, their value and their waste,are condensed in an eight-page illustrated circular of the Amercian forestry association just issued. Thelumber industry is said to employ735,000 people, to whom are paid annually $367,000,000 in wages, theworth of products being $1,250,000,000.The forests of the country cover550,000,000 acres.An average of 70 human lives aresacrificed annually in forest fires, saysthe circular, and a loss of $25,000,000.Damage from insects and tree, diseases, which follow fire, costs eachyear $50,000,000. The cost of destruction resulting from floods is notestimated, but is given as "countlessmillions."But the circular expresses hopemore than pessimism. As well as thecolored pictures showing the forestfire, the effects of the fire, and thedamage caused by floods, it showsalso forests planted and grown underintensive management, and the national forest ranger scouting for fireson the mountain lookout station. Theeffective, patrol referred to has reCities are excepted from the operation of the law creating the StateText Book Commission, says theCourt of Appeals in an opinion upholding the law as passed by the lastLegislature, and reviewing the decision of Judge Stout, of the Franklin Circuit Court.The court said, first, second, thirdand fourth-class cities shall adopt textbooks under the act of 1910, theirschool boards adopting their own.The retail price of books is to govern the State adoption for commonschools. The whole court sat in thecase, and Judge Hannah wr.ote theopinion.INDIGESTION? CAN'TEAT? NO APPETITE?A treatment of Electric Bitters increases your appetite; stops indigestion; you can eat everything. A realspring tonic for liver, kidney andstomach troubles. Cleanses yourwhole system and you feel fine. Electric Bitters did more for Mr. T. D.Peeble's stomach than any medicinehe ever tried. Get a bottle today.50c. and $1.00 at your druggist's.Bucklen's Arnica Salve for Eczema.(May) (adv)STATE RECEIVESADDITIONAL MONEYAn additional $16,666.66 has beensecured by United States SenatorOllie M. James and Commissioner ofAgriculture Newman for the agricultural interests of the State. Underthe General Appropriation Act Kentucky gets $22,500 from the UnitedStates Government for this purpose.The additional $16,666.66will give theState more than $39,000 to be usedfor extending agriculture.The appropriation was secured byan amendment to the General Appropriation Bill. The amendment provided for an additional appropriationof $50,000, which was divided betweenthe States of Kentucky, Maryland andW.est Virginia.These States will now get the sameamount from the Federal Government for agricultural purposes asother Southern States. With the additional appropriation CommissionerNewman hopes to employ at leasttwenty more farm demonstrators. Henow has twenty at work in the field.The appropriation was secured mainly through the efforts of SenatorJames and Commissioner Newman.WHOOPING COUGH."About a year ago my three boyshad whooping cough and I foundChamberlain's Cough Remedy theonly one that would relieve theircoughing and whooping spells. Icontinued this treatment and was surprised to find that it cured the diseasein a very short time," writes Mrs.Archie Dalrymple, of Crooksville, O.For sale by all dealers.(May) (adv)Berlin in the first two months of1914 imported 50,000,000 pounds of apples. FOR A TORPID LIVER."I haVe used Chamberlain's Tabletsoff, and on for the past six yearswhenever my liver shows signs of being in a disordered condition. Theyhave always acted quickly and givenme the desired relief," writes Mrs.P. H: Trubus, Springville, N. Y. Forsale by all dealers.(May) (adv)The severe drouth that began thelatter part of 1911 - and lasted untilApril of the following year causedsmaller yields in 1912 of Uie agricultural products in British Guiana andaffected the lumbering balata, cattleand mining industries through addeddifficulties of transportation. Therebeing no roads in the interior, alltransportation is by water.'TIZ'EASES TIRED,SORE, SWOLLEN FEETJust take your shoes off and thenput those weary, shoe-crinkled, aching, burning, corn-pestered, buniontortured feet of yours in a "TIZ" bath.Your toes willwriggle with joy;they'll look upAt you and almost talk andthen they'lltake anotherdive in that"TIZ" bath.When yourfeet feel alltired out justtry "TIZ." It'sgran a Your feet will dance with joy;no more pain in corns, callouses andbunions. There's nothing like "TIZ."It's the only remedy that draws outall the poisonous exudations whichpuff up your feet and cause foot torture. Get a 25 cent box of "TIZ" at anydrug or department store don't wait.Ah! how glad your feet get; how comfortable your shoes feel. You canwear shoes a size smaller if you desire. (No. 3-fri)duced "forest fire losses to as low asone-tenth of one cent, an acre." Itis pointed out that by planting forestsan annual income could be derivedin the country of $65,000,000 could besaved.HOW CHILDREN GROWChildren grow by nourishment notoverloaded stomachs or rich foods butqualities that are readily converted intolife-sustaining- blood; too often theirdigestive powers cannot procure thesequalities from ordinary foods which resultsin weakness, dullness and sickness.If your children are under-size, underweight, catch cold easily, are languid,backward, pale or frail, give them Scott'sEmulsion whichis pure medicinal nourishment. It sharpens the appetite, buildshealthy flesh, firm muscles ' and activejbrains. Scott's is crowincr-food forchildren. Refuse alcoholic substitute-Opportunity Knocks But Once atYour Door. It is Knotking"TODAY"Now 2s the time to think of your nextWinter's Coal.Cheaper now than any time duringther.Avail yourselves now.Dodson DentonParis, Ky.Yards, South Main St.GMdQteSSMGtaeSPtoPOPULAR EXCURSIONHIGH BRIDGEKENTUCKYSunday, May 3175cRoundTripSCENERYRECREATIONTickets sold at GEORGETOWN good only on Special Train leaving at 10.30 am.Apply to nearest Ticket Agent, Queen & Crescent Route, for further information.H. C. KING, Passenger and Ticket Agent,101 E. Main St. Phone 49 LEXINGTON, KY.&A NEAT BARBER SHOP.Mr. Carl Crawford has opened up anew and cozy barber shop at the corner of Fourth and Main streets. Newfurniture, sterilizers, hot water heaters, etc. Mr. Crawford and anothercapable barber are in charge and areready to take care of the wnts of theparticular men. Mr. Crawford invitesall his old customers and the generalpublic to visit him in his new place.(24-tf)t-TOc'tAM' ' 'x s i"the Lamp Oil thatSaves EyesNothine is more imTwrtaTit r thnhome than clear, steady light. Insurethis by Retting the oil that burnsclear and clean without a flickerdown to the last drop. Pennsylvaniacrude oil refined to perfection.Costa no more than the Inferiortank-wagon oils saves MONEY savesWORK saves eves.Your dealer has SOLITE OIL inbarrels direct from our works.Chas. C. Stoll Oil Co.Lexington, Ky.Refinery at Warren, Pa.We sell the celebrated "No Carb"Auto Oil.INSURANCEAGAINSTFIRE, WINDandLIGHTNINGW. 0. HINTON,AGENT.For Old. Strong, Reliable,Prompt-Paying Companies, seeme.SPECIAL TO WOMENThe most economical, cleansing andgermicidal of all antiseptics isA soluble Antiseptic Powder tobe dissolved in water as needed.As a-medicinal antiseptic for douchesin treating catarrh, inflammation orulceration of nose, throat, and thatcaused by feminine ills it has no equal.For ten years the Lydia E. PinkhamMedicine Co. has recommended Paxtinein their private correspondence withwomen, which proves its superiority.Women who have been cured sayIt is "worth its weight in gold." Atdruggists. 50c. large box, or by mail.The Paxton Toilet Co., Bostonjfass,Both Phones 140&J75cRoundTripMUSICCANCER CUREDI guarantee every case 1 undertake; 20 years practice; reference, any citizen of Paris.DR. WM. R. SMITH,Paris, Ky.Spruce UpNow is the time to haveyour wearing apparel cleaned and put in order forSpring.We Do the WorkRight.Comparison will affordyou an opportunity tojudge.Give Us a Trial.ELECTRICRY GLEANIG GO.Ckhal Applegate, Props.627 Main St., Paris, Ky.iCurtis&OverbyBusiness Men's Barber Shop,(Next to Bourbon Bank);3 - CHAIRS - 3Expert BarbersPolite AttentionHot and Cofd Baths at AHoursNo Long Waits.A Share of the Public Pal:c ronage Solicited.Professional CardsDr. Wm. Kenney,PARIS, KENTUCKY.Office 514 Main Street.Office Phone9 j Zel.( E. T. 334.) Home 334.ResidenceFR. A. H KELLER.i Practicing Physician ,Offices, Booms 4 and 5, Elk's Bid gParis - ' - - Ktsrtock?J. WILLIAMS,SoomlATTORNEY-AT-LAWElks Buildc4'mmmqmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmg4V' XTHE BOURBON, NEWS, PARIS KENTUCKY; MAY 29,. 1914s144445X44,flEROLUX.HHMHRC-U 8. PAT. opTTt.JJfc WhipShadeOn a Hot, Sultryafternoon when thewind and sun aredisagreeable tneAerolux No WhipShade transformyour porch into themost delightful resting place. The word Aerolux means air and light, yetthey offer perfect seclusion They do not cost any more than anyotherShade and will last longer Phone us your order and we will senda manto measure your porch and and will hang shadesRefrigerators !THE NEW ICEBERGis ihe kind to protect your families health.Buy one of our New Iceberg Refrigerators,The Big Ice SaversLet us show you one of them.Ice Boxes, - ar;:.-" r1 m ?v. '..'V: ..'....',.,tw,.,...lr.... ft jlJlffll'l tJI HIMThe New Icebergkind. If you havehad trouble in keepingthe ice bill from being so ilarge, try the New Iceberg.GoCarts and SulkiesJust received a largeshipment of Go-Cartsand Sulkies for the baby$2.50 up to $25.$9 to $35. IA. F. Wheeler Furniture Co.Main and ThirdCHAS. GREEN, Mgr.Opp. Court House4 z&&&tt&W&tli&&hfrlVV1ftl&WiSTRAWBERRIESThe Finest on the MarketRECEIVED DAILYALSOAll the VegetablesOf the SeasonOUR LINE OFCanned GoodsCannot Be ExcelledN. A. MOORE.Sauer's Old Stand?MIMtMILIGHTNING STARTS FIRESIN MANY INSTANCESThe possibility that a discharge oflightning may start a fire is recognized in every insurance policy, yetwe were scarcely prepared to hearfrom our forest authorities that morethan half the forest fires are causedby this agency. In one State alone,last year, 700 fires were set in a briefperiod by lightning, during a dryspell. With other sources preventivemeasures may be of use, but when thefire drops from Heaven we must relyon prompt and effective work in putting it out. The Chicago HardwoodRecord says:"Philosophers, so called, formerlyspent much time in theorizing howmankind procured the first fire. Tothose lazy thinkers it seemed a greatmystery; but if they had spent halfas much time in observation as theywasted in meditation, they mighthave found something out. Lucretiusthought man first obtained fire from'hot ores,' but neglected to explainwhat heated the ores. Others wereof the opinion that trees rubbing together started the first fire; otherstraced the origin to rolling stones;still otheis to sparks from the horses'feet. Not one suggestion of lightninganywhere in the literature of ancienttimes, unless the lines of an oldGreek poet may be so interpretedwhen he wrote: 'With sacreligioushands Promethus stole celestial fireand bore it down from Heaven.'"Henry S. Graves, chief of theUnited States Forest Service, hasbeen conducting some inyestigationsthat would have caused ' Lucretius,Pindar, Hestod, and the other dreamers to sit up and take notice. He hascollected statistics of forest fires in1913, and shows that more were setthis year by lightning than werecaused by any other agency, not evenexcepting locomotives and all othersteam engines. That finding is remarkable. Nearly every woodsmancan recall an instance where a treewas fired by lightning; but few havesupposed that no other agency equalslightning in the number of fires set."TITANIC OWNERSWIN DAMAGE SUITBecause the ill-fated Titanic struckan iceberg rather than another British ship the United States SupremeCourt held that the owner, the Oceanic Steam Navigation Company, wasentitled to have its liability for lossof life and property in suits broughtin American courts limited in accordance with American maritime law.This means that those who sue inAmerican courts will get virtuallynothing, the law limiting liabilitiesto salvage from the wreck and thepassenger and freight money collected for the voyage about $91,000' inall. The total claims against thecompany have reached $13,000,000.The court held that where a loneship is wrecked the law of the country in which the suit is brought governs the limitation of liability. Inthe briefs in the case, it was statedthat under British law, the liabilityof the owner of the Titanic will beabout $3,000,000 if it is found that thewreck occurred without the fault orknowledge of the owner and unlimited if it occurred with its fault orknowledge. The presence of J.Bruce Imray, managing director, onthe Titanic at the time of the wreck,complicates this question.JOINTED STICKS USEDIN THREADING CONDUITSThe operation of threading up anunderground electrical conduit hasways been a rather tedious one.Threading is working the small wiresthrough the holes meant to containthem. The general scheme followedis that of making use of a series ofjointed sticks, which are secured together and pushed through the conduit. The latest way of doing this isby a pneumatic device, which does ina few seconds the work that formerlyrequired hours. In fact, it is said tobe possible under conditions whichwere not before possible in any time.Crooks and turns in conduits are noobstacle to threading by the newmethod. A line is introduced intothe pipe, and on it are secured two ormore travelers, which fit the interiorof the pipe loosely. A hand pumpand an air tank complete the outfit.From the tank a flexible hose connection is made to the conduit, and whentheair is turned on the travelers aredriven through the conduit at a rapidrate. The travelers work their wayalong without regard to corners oroffset at the rate of a hundred feetin ten seconds.In South Africa the governmentfines natives twelve shillings for every mosquito found on their places.In New Jersey the summer hotelscharge the guests at the same rate.The Y. M. C. A. of a large city hasdecided to exclude bachelors asboarders after a residence of fouryears. Pity the poor bachelor, hunted and banished.FIRE 3LIGHT OR PEAR BLIGHTA SERIOUS ORCHARD DISEASEH7E99Surely the world do move. Thattreasure house of antiquities, theBritish Museum, has not only installed a modern lift, but has namedit elevator. What next?Gotham reportes the death of apauper worth $50,000. In New Yorkit evidently pays to be poor. Thatexplains the continued existence andquality of certain magazines.Seven gunmen were shot in NewYork Sunday. It may not be entirelya humane sentiment, but at this ratethe visible suddIy will soon be reduced and peace will reign in the bul- jlet-nppea Jast ome.Japan has ratified the arbitrationcompact which the -United StatesSenate approved last winter. Nowlet the galled jade .. wince.lAgleeyesalVLGOOD FOR THE fYES- AND EYE5 ONLYEAGLE EYES?Bo yon think that watery, matteryeyes are natnrnl? Do you belieiethat &tycs, grannlated lids, poorsight, growths, are natural? UseAGIi EYE SALVE and you haveEagle Eyes again.For Sale by All Druggists.Fire blight is one of the most serious of all the diseases attacking thepear and the apple. Nearly everypear and apple orchard at the presenttime shows indications of the presence of this disease. The leaves areturning brown, especially at the endof the new growth, and they standout in sharp contrast to the surrounding green foliage. When first noticedonly a tip of a branch appears to beinfested, but if left undisturbed soonthe whole limb and even the trunk ofthe tree will become infested.Blight is caused by a minute germor organism that lives curing thedormant season in cankers, resultingfrom infection the previous season.In order to properly control this disease it is necessary that the orchardist be able to recognize these holdover cankers, because if every holdover canker could be disposed of before the sap starts to now in thespring the disease could be eradicated.The presence of the canker isusually indicated by the appearanceot the bark. Under ordinary conditions there is a sharp line of demarcation separating the dead tissue fromthe healthy. In many instances tnebark is broken due to the contracting of. the surrounding tissues. Thisis especially noticeable around truitspurs and water sprouts on the larger limbs where the cankers are moreapt to be found.As soon as the sap starts to flow inthe spring a syrupy exudate containing the germs is given off from thehold-over cankers. This exudateserves to attract bees and other insects and later on they fly to nearbyblossoms and broken bark tissues,spreading the disease as they travel.The serins multiDlv very rapidly andin a short time the leaves surrounding the blossoms and twigs begin todie. Gradually it works down to thelarger limbs, often spreading at therate of a foot a day.The disease appears to spread morerapidly on pears and quinces than onnnli5 On the anple it is often termfed "twig blight," because usually onlyLife younger twigs seem to be affectedand not the larger branches.Since the trouble is under the barkit becomes apparent at once that noexternal application in the form of aspray can be applied. The most logical thing to do is to cut out the cankers where it winters over. The orchard should be inspected carefullyseveral times and all suspicious areasof any kind should be cut out in orderto be safe. Pruning during the summer is also a good plan, but it is notas practical as winter pruning. If alarge limb is removed the cut shouldbe made several inches below thedead area in order to avoid anychance of further infection. For theends of branches the long-handledpruning shears are very effective.Always burn the diseased limbs assoon as they are cut. The treesshould be gone over once a week atleast, and in many cases more oftenin' order to dispose of the first indications of trouble.J. H. CARMODY,Assistant Horticulturist, KentuckyAgricultural -Experiment StationP1'11) zr toBmmtmmKKKKKSkmSZk8 O vKTo give a New Finish toOld Furniture.Every housewife has one or morepieces of old furniture that would be"good as new" if refinished. To havethe work done would be too expensive. She can do the job herself andget splendid results withIn re-finishing old furniture, first remove theoriginal finish with SherwinVilliams Tax He, paint andvarnish reTt er. Easy to applySherwin -WiluamsFLOORLACa stain and varnish combined thatgives a handsome hnish and wearsdurably. It preserves the beauty ofthe actual grain of the wood and doesnot fade out, as do so many of thafugitive dye stains on the market. Awide variety of shades offer opportunity for almost any finish desired.C. A. DAUGHERTYHave YOU got money in our bank to protect yourLITTLE ONES and your WIFE from want?Make OUR bank YOUR bankWe pay 3 per cent, interest on Savings.DEPOSIT BANK OF PARIS.Capital, SiOO.OOO.OO.J. M. HALL, PresidentVSurplus, $40,000.00.C. K- THOMAS.CASKJWL. & N. TIME-TABLEEFFECTIVE OCT. 19, 1913Trains A.rrrveNo. FROM34 Atlanta, Ga., Daily ." 5:21am134 Lexington, Ky., Daily 5:18 acx29 Cynthiana, Ky., Daily Except Sunda.y ,7:3501117 Maysville, Ky., Daily Except Sunday 7:38 am10 Rowland, Ky., Daily Except Sunday ;... 7:45am40 Lexington, Ky., Daily Except Sunday 7:42 am37 Cincinnati, O., Daily ; t 9:38 am3 Maysville, Ky., Daily Except Sunday ...: 10:20am12 Lexington, Ky., Daily 10:15 am33 Cincinnati, O., Daily 10:24 am26 Lexington, Ky., Daily Except Sunday 12: 00 m25 Cynthiana, Ky., Daily Except Sunday 3:10 pm9 Maysville, Ky., Daily Except Sunday 3:15 pm138 Lexington, Ky., Daily 3:33pm38 Knoxville, Tenn., Daily 3:30 pm5 Maysville, Ky., Daily 5:35pm39 Cincinnati, O., Daily Except Sunday 5:50 pm8 Lexington, Ky., Daily 6:18 pm32 Jacksonville, Fla., Daily 6:23 pm31 Cincinnati, O., Daily 10:50 pmTrains XDe-oart-No. TO34 Cincinnati, O., Daily 5:28 am4 Maysville, Ky., Daily Except Sunday 5:35 am7 Lexington, Ky., Daily Except Sunday ". .' 7:47 am40 Cincinnati, O., Daily Except Sunday 7:50 am10 Maysville, Ky., Daily Except Sunday 7:50 ain29 Lexington, Ky., Daily 9:43 am37 Knoxville, Tenn., Daily 9:45 am33 Jacksonville, Fla., Daily 10:29 am133 Lexington, Ky., Daily 10:27 am6 Maysville, Ky., Daily 12:05 pm26 Cynthiana, Ky., Daily Except Sunday 12:04 am13 ' Lexington, Ky., Daily Except Sunday 3:33 pm38 Cincinnati, 0., Daily 3:40 pia9 Rowland, Ky., Daily Except Sunday 5:56 pm39 Lexington, Ky., Daily Except Sunday 5:58 pm32 Cincinnati, O., Daily 6:28 pm8 Maysville, Ky., Daily Except Sunday 6:25 pm30 ' Cynthiana, Ky., Daily Except Sunday 6:40 pm31 Lexington. Ky., Daily 10:55 pm131 Atlanta, Ga., Daily 10:57 pmW dfc O. TPIBEE!-TL?L:IjiE5Trains .A.rrrveNo. FROM2 Frankfort, Ky., Daily Except Sunday 7:40 an4 Frankfort, Ky., Daily Except Sunday 5:50 pnTrains IDestrt!No. TO1 Frankkfprt, Ky., Daily Except Sunday 8:30 an3 Frankfort, Ky., Daily Except Sunday ........ 6:25 pnjDuroc Jersey BoarsNice lot young boars. Eligible toregistry. Come and get first choice.SIDNEY G. CLAY,E. T. Phone 726, Paris, Ky.(12-3t-A JJ. S. Wallingford, I. B.Office on Sixth Street,Between Main and High,'Phones 31PARISKY.' ftI7vf ' i.Vr t."sfesSArwu "'"$''.THE BOURBON NEWS, PARIS, KY., MAY ZB 19141--I-Hr000C09909vmm 1Alamo Theatre!RHJHUSFRIDAY, MAY 29EXTRA SPECIAL!Mr. and Mrs. Vernon CastleThe Greatest Exponents of the Art ofMODERN DANCING.Remarkable Pictures Showing Mr. and Mrs. Castle's Homein New York, and the Interior of San Souci Restaurant, in their Famous Dances,Argentine Tango, Maxixe,Breslienne, The One Step,Hesitation Waltz, and theFamous Castle Waltz,As Recently Produced at the Grand Opera House in Cincinnati.Rev. Goe. H. Harris, rector of St.Peters' Episcopal Church, in this city,attended the sessions of the DiocesanCouncil of the Episcopal Church inLexington, this week. While there hewas the guest of Dr. and Mrs. P. O.Young.The Rev. P. H. Tsu, one of thenative clergy of the Episcopal churchin Shanghai, China, will deliver an address at St. Peter's -Episcopal church,Saturday afternoon at half-past three.The rector and members of St. Peter's extend a cordial invitation to thepublic to come and hear Rev. Mr.Tsu.Sunday school and Bible class Sunday at 9:30 a. m.;Holy Communionand sermon at 10:45 a. m.The third quarterly meeting forthe year will belield Sunday at theMethodist Church. Presiding Elder !E. L. Southgate will be present andadminister the sacrament of theLord's Supper at the morning service.Rev. Southgate will also occupy thepulpit at the night services.Sunday School at 9:30. This willbe Orphan's Home Day. The offeringtaken will be sent to the MethodistHome at Louisville.The regular devotional services atthe Epworth League at 6:45 o'clock.Subject, Builders of Methodism, II."Francis Ashbury, the WildernessApostle." Leader, Miss Francis Hancock.M.III 1 n III II M PITTT I X! TTT 1 If nIII a I 111 I a I. II a-WDU, ffUB I UU.Formerly Kaufman, Straus & Co.Lexington, Kentucky(GRAVE CLOSES' UVtH btJUY urSEN. BRADLEY.ILast Sad Rites Paid at Frankfort to the Body of theSenator.SER VICFS SIMPLEAND PLAIN,Clearance of AllStateMany DistinguishedancT National CharactersPresent.In Connection With TheKLEINE-CLNES FEATURE PLAY IN TWO PARTS,"THE GREATEST GIFT"The doctor's weakness for money causes his one greatmistake. Showing how self immolation, plus the capriceof Dame Fortune, disentangles the skeins of destiny. Acharming and highly interesting subject.DEATHSNO ADVANCE IN THE PRICE TEN CENTS.Come Earlv and Get a Seat.BAKER.Mr. Jerry M. Baker, who diedSunday night, at the home of hisdaughter, Mrs. Henry Meade, onSouth Main street, was buried Wednesday morning in the Paris cemetery. Thefuneral services were conducted at the home of Mrs. Meade at 10o'clock, by Rev. W. E. Ellis.Mr. Baker was 72 years of age, andhad been in declining health for morethan a year. Death was due to hemorrhages from the lungs.Besides Mrs. Meade, Mr. Baker issurvived by another daughter, Mrs.McDonald, of Richmond, Ky., and twosons, one of whom lives in Tennessee,and the other at Stanford, Ky.KELLER.Mr. June B. Keller, aged 23 years,died Tuesday night at 10 o'clock, atFRANKFORT, KY., May 28. Services as simple as those attending theburial of the humblest citizen tookplace Tuesday afternoon in the roomwhere the body of the late SenatorW. O. Bradley lay; but outside thehush of suspended business, brokenonly by the measured booming of theGovernor's salute from Arsenal Hill,the immense throngs gathered in thestreet .and at the cemetery, and thepresence at the services of personages high in National and Stateaffairs, made the obisquies of thedead statesman a public occasion.It was the most distinguished gathering attending the burial of a public man in Frankfort in many years.When the train bearing the bodyand the family and Congressionalparty reached Frankfort, at 9:45,Gov. McCreary and all the State,county and city officials were present.Flags on the Capitol and State Arsenal were hung at half-mast, all business houses closed at noon, as didthe city and county offices, and as thecortege left the South home a biggun on Arsenal Hill fired seventeenguns.The Rev. Dr. Jesse R. Zeigler, pastor of the Frist Presbyterian Church,read the burial services at the house.Dr. Zeigler offered prayer and readpassages from the Twenty-third PsalmSpring Suits,For WomenEvery woman who can use a new Suit thisSpring should avail herself of the remarkably lowprices that are offered in our Clearance Sale nowothe home of his parents, Mr. and Mrs.nd John xiv and the choir of theI ITi tJSUy LtJilUll OllUlUU BitUg 11IC1C -LOha Light in the Valley For Me" and9999fjmmTVV!iIDon't WorryYourself During theHot Weather!But Come in and We Will Suggesta Quick and Easy Meal for You.Sliced Ham,Minced Ham,Dried Beef,Bologna,Imported Swiss Cheese,Brick Cheese,Pimento Cheese,Snappy Cheese,N. Y. Cream CheeseCanned Meats of A!f Kinds.Stone's Famous Silver Slice Cakes.IIsaac N. Keller, near Kiserton.Mr. Keller had been ill for severalweeks with typhoid fever, and his lifehad been despaired of for severaldays.Besides his parents, Mr. Keller issurvived by a young wife, who wasformely Miss Janie Talbott, of nearTalbott Station, one sister, Mrs. C. C.Larkin, and one brother, Mr. E. T.Keller.The funeral took place at the homeof his parents yesterday morning witha short service by Rev. W. E. Ellis.Burial in Paris cemetery. The pallbearers were E. W. Siser, E. L. RallrJ. K. Smith, F. P. Kiser, G. T. Thomp-son and Dr. Wm. Kenney.MATRIMONIALGOAD-DEAN.Mr. S. P. Goad, of Bourbon county, and Miss Delilah Dean, of Harrison county, were married in Cynthiana, Wednesday, by County Judge R.M. Collier.POPULAR EXCURSIONTO MAMMOTH CAVEMonday, June 15. An all expensethree days tour to Mammoth Cave bythe ladies of the Presbyterian churchfor $12.50. Apply to Mrs. J. FrankClay or Miss Mamie Spears for assignment of rooms at the Cave anditinerary giving details of the trip.You are cordially invited to go withus in our special coach. Those out inthe county will please write or phonefor particulars.(may22-26-29june5-9)RCLT. C. LENIHAIN.Cash Grocery.H Both Phones 234.JSUPERIOR FURNITURE POLISHNOTICE TO STOCKMEN.Gives new polish to old furniture; i List your stock in M. J. Murphy'sproduces a gloss or hand rubbed fin- monthly combination sales. Plenty ofish; dries hard; never sticks; never j buyers always on hand. We can sellinjures. Call and get sample; every 'your horses, mules, nonies, cows, cat-CHAS. E. BUTLER & CO.Opp. Court House, Paris, Ky.(1-tf)CARLISLE WATERWORKSSYSTEM COMPLETED.Tke waterwork system of CarlisleSe completed and the big reservoir'stands ready to receive a four-inchrainfall, which is said to be necessary to fill it, flowing from the watershed, of some possible threehundredacres. After sufficient water flows in- Gasoline supply cans operated bv ato'tlie reservoir to enable an official coin slot are in successful operationtesting, same will take place.tie, nogs, sneep and poultry at goodprices. Next sale will be held on Monday, June 1, county court dav.(21ap-tf)About 500 fake business schemeswere exposed by the United Statespostal department last year, whichare said to have bilked thir victimsout of $77,000,000.Mrs. Fiske at Ben Ali.There is nothing serious, nothinggloomy, nothing unpleasant unless itbe to the hypochondriac who resentsbeing made to laugh, in Mrs. Fiske'splay "Mrs. Bumpstead-Leigh," inwhich she is to appear at the Ben AliTheatre, Lexington, on Monday, June1st. The play does not appeal to -anyone or to an exclusive class of playhouse patrons, but rather to that veryextensive clientele which seeks thetheatre more for amusement than forany other purpose. On her formertours, Mrs. Fiske has appeared principally in serious, sometimes unhappyplays and in fact has been generallyidentified with productions that appealed more to the intellectualities ofthe theatre-goer than to his resistibilities. In the present instance thisdoes not obtain, as "Mrs. BumpsteadLeigh" places no tax upon the mentality ohter than that required to appreciate the crisp and highly effectivedialogue of the author and the wonderfully and genuinely comic characterization given by Mrs. Fiske, whoenters into the depiction of the daughter of an Indiana peddler of pain-killersand stomach elixirs, founding afortune with which the daughterbreaks into the English aristocracy,with a zest that is irreststible, exhibiting phases of her wonderfullycomprehensive art that no other rolein her career has permitted her todisplay.Seat sale begins Friday, May 29th.Prices 50 to $2.00. Mail order givenprompt attention. (td)in several places.-"Abide With Me."As soon as the simple services wereconcluded the procession was formedand moved to the cemetery. The lotselected is near the Bivouac of theDead, where an imposing spire iserected to the memory of Kentuckyheroes who fell in five wars, andwithin sight are the tombstones ofmost of Kentucky's Governors.-oTUCK UNO FARM NOTESIn Clark County, J. S. Lowrey,for Johnson & Briggs, sold eightmules at prices ranging from $200 to$225.The K. T. H. B. Association announces 938 mares nominated in theKentucky Futurity for foals of 1914.We trust the time is not very fardistant until it will almost be impossible to find anything but registeredcattle and hogs in our county.J. B. Richards, Jr., of Decatur,Ga., has an egg laid by a black Javapullet barely a year old that weighsfour ounces and measures G1 inchesin diameter.At the sale of C. P. Goodpaster,of Midway, a pair of two-year-oldmules sold for $257.50; a pair of six-year-oldwork mules were also soldat per head from $140 to $250.News comes from Columbia, Ky.,that beet has never been scarcer inthat section than it is now. In fact,there is none on the market and hasnot been for two months. It is saidthere is no butcher cattle in thecounty.The feature of the first day of theMontgomery County Fair will be themule colt ring. As $300 cash moneyis to be hung up in this ring, it is expected that this will be the largestand finest show of mule colts everseen in the State.Eggs are so plentiful in JacksonCounty, Indiana, that they have beensold by the bushel in Columbus. Ahuckster who called at the home ofJohn Marion, a farmer in that county,bought two bushels of eggs at $6 abushel.GEORGETOWN COURT Therewas a small crowd in town Monday.Auctioneer Ben B. Peak reports only39 cattle on the market, He sold twocows for T. K. Snuff to J. A. Harmonfor $57.50 and $54; 17 head of cattlefor J. W. Thompson to Homer Robinson at $40 per head.W. O. HINTON APPOINTEDASSIGNEE OF GEO. ALEXANDERIt is funny that the kind of man awoman has"occupying her air castlesnever looks anything like her husband. 'Following the declination of Samuel Clay, of near Paris, to qualify asassignee of the assigned estate of thedefunct Aexander & Co. private bank,Mr. Wm. O. Hinton, the well-knownsenior member of The J. T. HintonCo., was appointed. Mr. Hinton accepted the trust, and qualified as assignee, giving bond in the sum of$75,000, with his father, Mayor J.T. Hinton, as surety. The appointment of Mr. Hinton is an ampleguarantee that the interests of allparties will be justly and fairly dealtwith.EXCEPTIONAL OPPORTUNITYFOR THE INVESTOR.Elsewhere in this issue appears thead. of Prof. W. L. Yerkes offering forsale his desirable residence, and iotsadjoining, corner of Eleventh andMain. -This is exceptionally well-locatedfor erection of apartmenthouses, being on trolley line, near L.&r N. station, and near business center. See ad. , (19-tf)going on.Our entire stock of lightweight Spring WoolenSuits are on sale at drastically lowered prices-abouta third less than usual.The depth of reductions is shown by the following iow pricei:All $17.50 and $20.00 SuitsReduced to.......All $25.00 to $30.00 SuitsReduced toAH $35.00 to $45.00 SuitsReduced toAll $50.00 to $85.00 SuitsReduced toAlterations Free$1 2.75$19.75S25.00S32.504tWolf,Wile & CoAormcriy Jfaufmajij Straus c Co.exington, IKLy-m9mmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmki...HC aic uuw Jiiumiig...The newest and smartest Pumps in Patent,Dull Kid and Gun Metal, in Colonial andBulgarian styles, with the new Louis and SpooiHeels.Also Baby Doll Pjumps in Patent and GunMetal. Come to us to be fitted.Geo. McWilliams,I Ph(Phones 301The Shoe ManIJFOR SALE PRIVATELY.I will sell privately my house and jlots on the corner of Eleventh andMain streets. Possession given July1. Any one desiring to examine theproperty may call on Saturdays.(15tf) W. L. YERKES.FOR RENT,Storeroom on Main street known asthe Weatherall property. Possessionto be given at once. Also 3 rooms upstairs. Will rent as a whole or sepa-(15-tf) CHAS. PEDDICORDR. J. NEELYWAREHOUSEStables and Coal YardFor Rent!For- over 30 years this has been asuccessful business stand in the FarmImplement, Seeds ana Coal Business.Possession on or about July 1.W. W. MITCHELL, Agt.OLDEST IN THE BUSINESS.Lawn mowers sharpened and reautomobile and machine repair shopin the city.SAM'L KERSLAKE & SON, lEast Cor. Thirdfi. Pleasant Sts.(15-8t). . "V, ASmall second hand cash register.Apply at News Office. Phones124'.(12-tf) . , YriMli: 'iZ IMMJMdMmdliMhMiriiiMiifcifcAmmimmijfffininiMiftrftwiifflri v i til H titTHE BOURBON NEWS, PARIS, KENTUCRY, MAY 29 191454rfSMJi? MXffl&QfeAfi-""C, J5"SOCIAL MP PERSONAL.CLOSING EXERCISES OFPARIS PUBLIC SCHOOL.HAS THE BESTOF ALL LINES MADETobacco insuranceagainst nail. SeeRoxie Davis. 26tfVALUABLE COLT IS JSERIOUSLY INJURED, iA valuabe colt by J. Malcom Forbes, Lite oioperty ot Mr. J. U. Boardroan, sustained serious injuries to oneknee by a fall while running in a pasture Tuesday night.SUMMER NECESSITIES.Headquarters for porch swings andAerlux No-Whip porch shades; icecream freezers; baby sulkies from $2up.E. M. WHEELER FURNITURE CO.(25-2t)REV. HARRIS ELECTEDSECRETARY OF DIOCESE.The Diocesan Council of the Episcopal Church of the Lexington Diocese, which has been in session atLexington, adjourned Wednesdayevening. Rev. Geo. H. Harris, rectorvf St. Peter's Episcopal Church, in"iris city, was elected Secretary. Bishop Burton presided.WILSON COTTAGE SOLDTO P. NIPPERT, SR.Auctioneer Geo. D. Speakes yesterday afternoon sold the handsome newresidence of Prof. Homer Wilson, onSixteenth street, to Mr. P. Nippert,Sr., at public outcry, for $2,292.50. Mr.Nippert purchased the property as aninvestment.SOURBON COLLEGE COMMENCEMENT EXERCISES.The commencement exercises ofthe class of 1914 of Bourbon Collegewere held at the Christian Church at8 o'clock Wednesday evening. Thebaccalaureate address was deliveredby President R. H. Crossfield, of Transylvania University, to the class, composed of Misses Margaret Ardery,Delia Brown Buchanan, Eula May Calvert, Mary Ashbrook Ellett and Nannette Wallingford.SHE EXPECTS IT.Every girl graduate expects a present. Anything you may get, if itcomes from Winters', will please her.(19-tf)PARIS BOY RECEIVESMERITED PROMOTION.Mr. Sherman Snapp, son of Mrs.Alice Snapp, of this city, who hasbeen traveling for the Royal BakingPowder Company, has been promotedto the position of manager of a groupof men, who are at present in Parisrepresenting the interests of the business. Mr. Snapp will have chargeof a large territory and his promotion to such an important position isquite a compliment to his energy andability.THE HAPPIEST PERIODThe happiest period in the life of aboy or girl is when they graduate.They expect gifts from. their friends.Winters has the gifts that will please.If in doubt what to get let Winterssuggest. (19-tf)MRS. LONG'S SONG RECITALVERY PLEASING EVENT.The song recital given fit theChristian Church, Tuesday night byMrs. Princess Long, of California, wasgreatly enjoyed by a large audience.Mrs. Long was assisted in her musical program by her husband, Mr. Ed.Long, in banjo accompaniment, andMiss Clara Belle O'Neil, organist.Mr and Mrs. Long rendered a number of old plantation melodies withbanjo accompaniment, which wereamong the features of the program.A CHANCE FOR 3ARGAINS.The public sale of household andkitchen furniture of the Bourbon College, to be held on the premises, Wednesday, June 3, will afford a chancefor fine bargains in furniture andhouse fittings.. Everything will bedisposed of. 29-ltDECORATION DAY TO-MORROW.- Miss Frankie Clark is -visitingfriends in Frankfort.Miss Matilda James is home fromMargaiet College, at Versailles.Mrs. Milton C. Browning, ofCleveland, O., is visiting relatives inthis city.Miss Drusilla Turner has returned from a visit to Mrs. John Reynolds,in Cynthiana.Mrs. R. S. Starks has returned toher home! n Midway after a visit torelatives in Paris.Miss Annie Slattery, of Maysville, is visiting her brother, Mr. Ed.Slattery, in this city.Mr. Phil Maher is critically ill athis .home on Brent street, as the result of a recent fall.Mrs. Elizabeth Howes has returned to Carlisle after a visit to Mr. andMrs. Rudolph Davis.Mrs. Martha Sparks is a guest ofher parents, Mr. and Mrs. J. J.Champe, in Midway.Miss Mollie Woodall, of Carlisle,is a guest of her brother, Mr. T. J.Woodall, in this city.Mrs. Mollie Darnall has .returnedto her home in Carlisle after a visitto Mrs. W. H. Harris.Mrs. John Doty and Mrs. Newt.Current left this morning for Sharpsburg, to visit relatives.Mrs. Kate Bryan has gone to Olive Hill, in Carter county, to visit hersister, Miss Janie Cain.Mrs. William Bruce, of Winchester, is undergoing treatment at theMassie Memorial Hospital.Mrs. Nathan Bayless has returnedfrom a Cincinnati hospital, where shehas been under treatment.Miss Annie Berry, of Nashville,Tenn., is visiting her sister, Mrs. F.P. Lowry, on Stoner Avenue.Mrs. H. H. Hancock and daughterMiss Frances, have returned from avisit with relatives in West Virginia.Mrs. William G. Talbott and son,Wm. G. Talbott, Jr., are guests of Col.and Mrs. James M. Arnold, in Covington. Miss Elizabeth Johnson, of Mt.Sterling, is" the attractive guest ofMrs. Reynolds Letton, near Millersburg. Mrs. Laura Taylor, of Lexington,is visiting Mrs. Lizzie Walker andother friends in Paris and Bourboncounty.Miss Nettie Lou Banks, of Winchester, has returned home after avisit to Miss Jessie Mae Ockerman, ofCane Ridge.Miss Kate Edgar has returnedfrom a visit to Mrs. James Montgomery and Mrs. Mable Warwick, inFrankfort.Judge Leslie Worthington, ofMaysville, and Judge Lassing, of Newport, were here on legal businessWednesday.Mrs. Mary E. Lydick has returnedto her home in Cynthiana, after avisit to her daughter, Mrs. J. O. Marshall, in this city.Mrs. Harry Simon, of this city,who was operated on at the JewishHospital, in Cincinnati, several daysago, is improving.Mr. Joseph W. Davis, Jr., returned Tuesday evening from K. M. I.,near Louisville, where he has been astudent during the year.Vernon and Roscoe Ogden, of thiscity, were guests of their parents, Mr.and Mrs. J. W. Ogden, in Winchester,several days this week.Mr. Carl L. Long, a prominentfarmer residing on the Hume andBedford pike, has gone to Cincinnatito consult a neve specialist.Mrs. Kelly Brent, formerly ofParis, and for many years a residentof Kansas City, Mo., is u guest of Mrs.James Arnold, in Covington.Mr. and Mrs. Kinzia Stone, ofGeorgetown, attended the song recital given Nat the Christian Church,Tuesday night by Mrs. Princess Long.Misses Mary, Fannie and LeliaWigglesworth, and Messrs. JohnWalker Switzer and Earl Kendall, ofCynthiana, motored to this city Monday and were guests of friends.The following invitation has beer,received here: "The Carnival Committee of Central University requeststhe pleasure of your presence on theevening of June 9, 1914.. Dancing."The following is the calendar forthe closing exercises of the ParisHigh School: Sunday evening, 7:30o'clock, baccalaurate sermon at theChristian Church, by Rev. W. E. Ellis.Monday evening, Junior reception tothe Seniors at the Public School.Tuesday evening, Annual Concert.Wednesday, class day exercises at theauditorium. Address to the class byRev. Geo. H. Harris, rector of St.Peter's Episcopal Church. The following young women and young men,having completed the course, will receive diplomas:Miss Ruth Chambers, Mr. WayneCottingham, Mr. Eli Friedman, MissRuth Lair, Mr. Joseph Letcher, MissSarah Meglone, Mr. Edward Myall,Miss Malvina Sharon, Mr. AllenSmith, Mr. John Stuart, Miss Gertrude Turpin and Mr. Sello Woolstein.The concert which is to be givennext Tuesday evening will include thesacred cantata, Ruth, with orchestralaccompaniment, under the directionof Miss Wiard. The pupils will beassisted by some of the best musicaltalent of Paris, and a delightful entertainment is anticipated.FOR THE SWEETGIRL GRADUATENo matter what you buy for theyoung girj graduate, if it comes fromWinters' "she will be pleased.(19-tf)DRY OLD TIME IN jkTOWN AND COUNTY.The' dry weather has becomealarming and if rain does not fallwithin the next few days, the corncrop, as well as other crops, and vegetation in general, is bound to suffermuch. The corn right now neverneeded rain as bad, in order to give ita good start. The ground is 'dry allover the country.ATEND THIS SALE.On Wednesday, (Tune 3, beginningat 9 p. m., Mrs. M. G. Thompson willsell all the household and school furniture of Bourbon College at publicauction. A rare chance will be offered buyers to secure some nice bargains in this line. Everything willoe uisposea or. zy-itIDIFFERENCE IN WEATHER.YOUNG PEOPLE INJUREDIN MOTORCYCLE SPILL.Tuesday as Mr. William Clark andhis sister, Miss Julia Clark, were returning from their farm riding tandem on a motorcycle, a dog ran underthe machine in front of Mr. T. T.Templin's, causing it to be overturned. Miss Julia was thrown violentlyto the ground, sustaining a bad cutacross her forehead, and a number ofpainful bruises. Mr. Clark, who has aposition as city mail carrier, had anarm hurt and was otherwise bruised,but neither was seriously injured.Fortunately, the accident occurredwithin a few yards of their home atMain and Thirteenth streets, and thefamily physician was immediatelysummoned. Miss Clark had only recently returned from Jenkins, Ky.,where she was engaged in teachingschool.IMPORTANT MEETING OFEPWORTH LEAGUE.I want to especially urge everymember of the League to be presentat the regular monthly business session on Monday, June 1, at 7:15 p. m.,at the church. We want to select delegates to the District and AnnualConferences .and also arrange for ourpledges to same. All membership applications must be presented at thismeeting if they are to count on. ourreport this conference year. Everyofficer is entreated to be present sothat accurate reports can be made.DENNIS V. SNAPP, Pres.See the Cake Walk !.Don't fail to see the old-fashionedSouthern Cake Walk at the BourbonJ County Fair Grounds by the BourbonBlack Blitzens onFriday, June 26th.White ladies and gentlemen arecordially invited, and a special section will be reserved for them. WeI have positive guarantee of good orderfrom our Chief of Police Fred Link.BOURBON BLACK BLITZENS.Seven years ago yesterday Paris wasenjoying the coolest May day in itshistory. May 28, 1907, a heavy frostfell. The indications for to-day are"continued warm" with no indicationsof frost or rain. Tuesday was aboutthe hottest May day in the history ofParis, the thermometer at 3 o'clockin the afternoon hovering around the90-degree mark.a8: rurc!BMH HOIOWItfG TO OUR LARGE SPRING BUSINESSWE WERE FORCED TO DUPLICATEOUR ORDERS ONSilks, Challis andWash GoodsHowever, you will find patterns and styles that aredifferent; values that you will 'will sayare. unsurpassedOur Dress Trimming and Lace StockCannot be equaled in this part of the StateWhen it comes to LACE CURTAINS, DRAPERIESand RUGS we are right there we have the goods.W. Ed Tucker. 8IParis' Only Exclusive Dry Goods Store.8s Open1 Kettle8 RenderedLardj $6.00per SO lb. canThis Week OnlyI Baldwin8 Bros., 88 8Paris, Kentucky 388 Both Phones J: 32 2! stt tatw -lisobiiMkV' T I Ml UVx$ "-li?.a&Ladies' DiamondRingsGenuine Cut Stones, Bright andSparkling, Counted in14k Hand-Made SettingsSpecial Values at$10.00' and $12.50C. O. HINTONmzI THE J; T. HINTON CO. !Notice !All persons having claims againstthe estate of Mahala Brent, deceased,are requested to present them proper-jly proven to the undersigned Administrator on or betore July l, iyi4.All persons indebted to MahalaBrent, deceased, are requested to callupon the undersigned and makeprompt settlement.JAMES MACON,(29-3t-eot) Administrator.The Bestarei.TO CJiiKia.ClWXfrXWKLM.'rAeiiisSiedtfMMra:3se , imte&g?tE f iti 1 1 PiTi i iiwtt Vi"WrinfwfffTniTTn'T1mTo-morrow will be the annual recurrence of Decoration Day or Memorial Day, when the graves of the deadsoldiers will be decorated. The eventhas but a passing significance here,and no public exercises will be held.The banks and postoffice will be closed, as the day is a legal holiday. Formany years the only observance ofthe day has been made by the localG. A. R. post, composed of coloredveterans. Many citizens take advantage of the day to decorate the gravesof their dead in the local cemeteries.EXPLODING LAMPSTHREATENS CONFLAGRATION.The explosion of a lamp in the dining room of the residence on Mamstreet occupied by Mrs. McBermott,Wednesdav night started a fire thator a time threatened to assume serious proportions. The flames rapidlyate their way through the ceiling andto the roof and but for the quick andprompt work of the fire departmentwould have destroyed the structure.Mrs McDermott saved all her household effects. The building was ownedby Mr W H. Anderson. The loss iscovered by insurance. The use of theGrand Opera House was generouslytendered for the storage of the household goods of those driven from thehome by the flames".Fire, wind and lightning insurance. Thomas & Woodford.Mrs. Amos Turnev. Mrs. JesseTurney, Mrs. Amos Turney, Jr., Mrs.!Lew Taylor, Mrs. Harry Clay, Mrs. J.Frank Clay, Mrs. E. C. Arnold andMisses May and Lucy Colville, wereguests of Mrs. W. M. Turney, in Cynthiana, to-day.The News acknowledges receiptof the following invitation: "The Senior Class of Kentucky College forWomen requests the honor of yourpresence during the Exercises of Commencement Week, Friday, May thetwenty-ninth, to Wednesday, June thethird, nineteen hundred and fourteen,Danville, Kentucky."The card of Miss Lucy Burchfield,a member of the senior class, accompanies the card.PORCH SHADESWe sell the beautiful and serviceable "No Whip" Porch Shades. Theywill please you.A. T. WHEELER & CO.lo-tf)K0Q4KVETERAN OF BULGARIANWAR V1SIT-S PARIS.Louis Kovotinas, a native of Greece,was a visitor in Paris, Wednesday.Kocotinas was employed here in theParis Restaurant at the time of theoutbreak of the war between Greeceand' Turkey, and returned to the oldcountry, where he enlisted for service. In the engagement between theGreeks and Turks at Bizany, he waswounded in the leg and was furloughid. He will spend most of his timeIn "Lexington, where there is a GreekColony,. ' " ,i'Keep aKodak Record.The pictures made so easilywill tell the child story for yearsto come. iWe will be glad to explain thesimple Kodak way in picturemaking it's all byj3aylight.AlwaystheCheapestIJtjS&KK l?:??a';-S-S?Sir ?fiIS-IlMAW3 m??:s!?3-XiW&&GPDon't EndangerYourHealthWith aCheapRefrigeratorKodaks, $6.00 to $20.00.Brownie Cameras, $1.00 to $12.00DaughertyBros.THE ODORLESSREFRIGERATORJust Received Now on Display.You have heard of this great Refrigerator. We want you to see them andknow what they are. YOUR SATISFACTION IS GUARANTEED.All Odorless Refrigerators are cased with the most carefully selected andthoroughly KILN DRIED OAK, not ash stained to imitate oak, but genuine oakitself, the material used in all high.grade Refrigerators and imitated in all others.The Odorless is also lined with LINOFELT and it is NAILED in place, andh ito stay where it is put. The Odorless is made in both the White Enamel andthe Porcelain genuine lined. Will you let us show you these great Refrigerators?If you want a cheaper Refrigerator we have it. Come to-day.THE J. T. HINTON COMPANYParis, Kentucky Phones 3Undertaking Ambulance Wood Mantelsttm9lthmOVHHHMVK-SEHKHi h-vtit rr-.v w-Y..?aWlV WW i 5illl ?s-VTHE BOUkeON NEWS PARIS, KY., MAY 29, 1941Iti:hi' -hmsi i a1XThe old-fashioned man who couldn'ttell what a woman was wearing un--derneath her skirt now has a son whoLas to wear smoked glasses to keepiis eyes from popping out.FIRST CLASS SERVICE ATFREEMAN'S BARBER SHOP.Having engaged the service of Louislivers, an experienced barber, I amnow prepared to handle my trade andgive the most thorough satisfaction.Give me a call and be convinced.BUCK FREEMAN.WoodlandHeadquartersBuster B.Dark Bay Horse, Weight 1,700.Sired by Imported Glitter 58803.Dam by Imported Queen 41490.$10.00 to Insure.BUSTER B. is a coming four-year-ddand a young stallion of markedBize and condition. He is the kindthat will appeal to your fancy and you"will make no mistake in breeding tohim.IRThe Above Horses Will Make the Season of 1914 at Woodland Stock Farm.About 7 miles north of Paris on the Cynthiana pike. Money due whencolt is foaled, mare transferred or bred to other stock without my consent.Xien retained on all colts until season money is paid. Care taken to preventaccidents, but no responsibility assumed should any occur.STERLING HINKSON, Lair, Kentucky.Fine Spring ClothesFor Men andBoys.Best Hats at LowestPricesTWIN BROS., CLOTHING DEP'T.L. Wollstein,? jlM ill m mvZ - ill nil 1 vrTf i s?v. 'StMa-lUliWSdKxi o Wtv jPvtsCIW mUJm.jrsswm- S'S V KPv 7 M5a.miLiSs- s 1 egynMecgxxaiiyy- av v iiiKJ?nrw7rr .k. xw fit 1 i - w j iv va. r- i fci bk'w vv i 1 1 i it a. -v m rm1 i r- " -z jr j 4I! We will have inPope, Flying Marshall and Day ton.The Joseph Candioto Co.131-153-155 North Broadway, Lexington, Ky.Supplies of all kinds.lira w 10ctffejp In our new" Easy-Opening-Box."P No trouble. No muss.THE F, F. DALLEY CO., LTD.Buffalo, N.Y. Hamilton, Ont.A tango bride is one who tries to gomarketing after marriage and refusesto buy green lobsters because theyare not ripe,.It always makes a woman feel goodto see a collector call on a neighborwoman and give her a balling out.The man who can't borrow a dimenp.vpr lias anv trrnihlp. borrowinc S10.-000,000 worth of trouble.-The Suffragists object to man.madeiaws And yet they weaF man-madeclothes and raise man-made families.Stock FarmFor Draft HorsesBur leyBlack Percheron; Weight 1760.$10.00 TO INSURE.BURLiEY is a splendid specimen ofthe dratt horse and his get haveproved to be of the very best. Thereis a steadily growing demand for theclass of horses produced by Burley,both upon the farm and in the cities.They can stand more work than theaverage horse. He is 8 years old, abeautiful black, well formed, and ofthe class that catches the eye. In selecting a horse to breed to pick onewhose produce commands the bestprice.yProprietor.EXCELSIORParis a Full Stock allSCARCITY OF REMOUNTSWOULD HAMPER INVASIONScarcity of cavalry "remounts mightprove serious in case of a campaignof any length by the forces of theUnited States in Mexico. Captain rW.S. Valentine, commanding the FortReno (Okla.) remount depot, recently received an order from the WarDepartment for 1,200 horses for theMexican service. He lacked 500 ofthe required number and was compelled to go into the open market toget them.If there should be further demandfor cavalry horses, the situationmight become embarrassing. Inpeace the horse equipment of the regular army is 20,000, supplied at therate of about 200 a year. A war footing would raise the number to 50,000,to be followed by a new issue everyfour or six months, making a totalconsumption of 100,000 to 150,000horses a yeanThe Government is perplexed withits cavalry horse problem. Three orfour weeks ago there was a shortageof more than 2,000 horses, which theremount depots at Fort Reno, FortKeogh, Mont., and Fort Royal, Va.,had not been able to overcome.The cavalry type of horse has foryears been disappearing in the UnitedStates. When men now -grown wereboys the saddle horse was bredthroughout the country. But farmersno longer want the light horse, andare now breeding horses that can pullheavy loads, not only on the farm, butalso in the cities. The draft horsebrings more money, and is more easily raised than the saddle horse.Not until the Boer War did theUnited States army officers awake tothe fact that the cavalry horse wasdisappearing so rapidly as to threatenthe efficiency of the service. GreatBritain ransacked the United Statesfor the light type horse and sent shipload after shipload, to the Transvaal.Gen. J. B. Aleshire, then Quartermaster-General,proposed that Con-Congress obtain the use of abandonedmilitary posts for army remount depots. Fort .Reno was the first established and the largest, having about10,000 acres, of which half are usedfarm purposes.It was believed that such depotswould insure the adequate number ofhorses, and by providing a permanentmarket at good prices for horses ofthe desired type, might induce farmers to resume the breeding of thesaddle horse. This hope has not beenfulfilled.T'Vio nroffitr lono-th nf Prvip.P of ncavalry horse is seven to eight years, Icavary norse is seven lu eiBut yettia, a commission appointed by the govand in past years most cavalry horses ernment of Saskatchewan to exani-Dougnt were auuui aeveu J;'tae into the ways and means for betthe farmer getting three years of ring the position of Saskatchewantheir best service.. It is estimated j ln in BPOpeail markets." Inci-uiai ou per eeuu . is uuucu lu tucleneth of a horse's service if he iswhen four years old, when he willcost much less thanabroken harseseven years old.Uulike infantry or artillery, cavalrycannot be improvised during thecourse of a campaign. Even trainedhorses are not at once equal to thedemand made during a campaign.ti-iAv rpmiirp. time to become accus-. .. -.a ,... Te ,.?? l6 S!S."; lf JS2:C: l:Zll: S:T:;vir ttthe start, they will break down. Unirainea miibeb ate ""n". fhSmovements under closed order; theyare unsteady, refuse to leave theranks, and cannot be sufficiently con1...11.J i -U1 4.1, .tv. In ,icntroueu lu enuuie luc uuuyci uchis weapons. nonn on this basis, of 4 1-8. cent sper bushelThe training squad at Fort Reno tQ the farm(Jr yis composed of about forty 'men, n , poasibie that the interestingmostly farmers and former cowboys ' fi wW been jPreference is given enlisted men the , commission will accountqualified for the work The horses fQr theare taught the three gaits of .walking ;, American farmers who hh introtting and galloping Each horse , ,is handled so gently that in tune t fe . .nmay be mounted from behind or eith- agki for a certificate wMch uer side, will not kick and will move or . the return of nousehold effectsyto thehalt instantly when commanded United states. if the economic situAfter a horse has been gentled, as ation suggested in the - above state.1L IS UailtJU, lie IS iui waiucu iu "10troop for training in military evolutions.The fool men are wearing wristwatches, corset hose supporters, ribbons, rouge' and tucked silk shirtwaists. But we won't give up allhope for them until they begin to siton the floor to put on their shoes andsocks.If the Opportunity is corn-fed andhas a pretty face, a man will neverlose any time embracing it..a.Models. We SellREMARKABLECASE of Mrs. HAHDeclares Lydia E. Pinkham'sVegetable CompoundSaved Her Lifeand Sanity.Shamrock, Mo. "I feel it my dutyto tell the public the condition of my(health before usingyour medicine. I hadfalling, inflammation and congestion,female weakness,pains in both sides.Ill backaches and bearing down pains, wasshort of memory,nervous, impatient,passed sleeplessnights, and hadneither strength norenergy. There was always a fear anddread in my mind, I had cold, nervous,weak spells, hot flashes over my body.I had a place in my right side that wasso sore that I could hardly bear theweight of my clothes. I tried medicinesand doctors, but they did me little good,and I never expected to get out again.I got Lydia E. Pinkham's VegetableCompound and Blood Purifier, and I certainly would have been in grave or in anasylum if your medicines had not savedme. But now I can work all day, sleepwell at night, eat anything I want, haveno hot flashes or weak, nervous spells.All pains, aches, fears and dreads aregone, my house, children and husbandare no longer neglected, as I am almostentirely free of the bad symptoms I hadbefore taking your remedies, and all ispleasure and happiness in my home."Mrs. Josie Ham, R..P..D. 1, Box 22,Shamrock, Missouri. -If you want special advice writeIiydia E. Pinkham Medicine Co.,(confidential) iLynn, Mass,IT COSTS 55 CENTS A BUSHEL TORAISE WHEAT IN SASKATHEWANAmerican wheet growers and farmers will be interested in a report ofdent to this investigation the commission looked into the cost of producingwheat under present conditions inthat Province of Canada. The wheatproducers of various sections of theUnited States will be interested toknow that under present conditionsthe cost of producing wheat as determined by the commission is reportedto be 55 cents per bushel on the farmj n ... .uiiu o cents per Dusnei I. o. D. carsat cotry points. According to thereport, the cost of production hasin-creased 12.15 per cent, since1909,whiIe on tlle other hand, the price ofwheat to the Saskatchewan Pfarmerhas decreased from 81 1-5 cents perbushel in 1909 to 66 1-8 cents per"bushel in 1913. leaving n net returnment is not the cause, perhaps it maybe found in the long and rigorouswinters characteristic of this sectionas compared with those in the leadingfarming districts of the States.CCopyright. by McCluiv Syndicate.)'LUKE McLUKE SAYS(Cincinnati Enquirer.)The reason why a woman shedstears when she reads about the poorbenighted Heathens who wear ringsin their noses is because she neverfeels dressed up unless she has a.couple of half pound dornicks hang-11115 "ui" w "uim 111 nci caio.rjvcu il jfuu uuu l ua.ve lu pity LUget in, it isn't a safe bet that youwon't have to pay to get out.Half ihe trouble with this world isthat people are busy handing out advice that they won't take themselves.MOLLYCODDLELAXATIVESCan Not and Do Not Touch the LiverThey may clear out the intestinal tract,but do not relieve the dammed-up bile.Years ago May Apple Root (called Po-'dophyllin) was a last-resort bile starter.It griped fearfully, but brought out thebile. Podophyllin with the gripe takenout is now to be had under the namenf 4) fpilij'WltRiCHILD CROSS? FEVERISH? SICK?A cross, peevish, listless child, withcoated tongue, pale, doesn't sleep,eats sometimes very little, then againravenously; stomach sour; breathfetid; fetid; pains in stomach, withdiarrhea; grinds teeth while asleep,and starts up with terror all suggesta Worm Killer something that expelsworms, and almost every child hasthem. Kickapoo Worm Killer isneeded. Get a box today. Start atonce. You won't have to coax, asKickapoo Worm Killer is a candy confection. Expels the worms, the causeof your child's troubles. 25c. at yourdruggists.(May) (adv)(Copyright, by McClura Syndicate.)Anyway, some of the girls with themuddiest complexion have the cdearest conscience.A fat girl's bitterest enemy is hersweet tooth.KEEP THE BOWELMOVEMENT REGULARDr. King's New Life Pills keep thestomach, liver and kidneys in ahealthy condition. Rid the body ofpoisons and waste. Improve yourcomplexion by flushing the liver andkidneys. "I got more relief from onebox of Dr. King's New Life Pills thanany medicine I ever tried," says C. E.Hatfield, of Chicago, 111. 25c, atyour druggist's.(May) (adv)The old-fashioned woman who wascareless enough to go out with herplacket unfastened vas never careless enough to go out with the bottom of her skirt ripped clear up tothe knee.A hotel can snare the single menby advertising all the comforts ofhome. But the married mutts huntup a stag hotel that looks like a club.And what has become of the oldfashioned man who used to sing: "IBelieve It For My Mother Told MeSo?"Every girl is entitled to a husband.But when she is grabbling one sheshould make -sure that he hasn't copped out some other woman's MealTicket.Once upon a time a man devotedtwenty years to solving the GreatProblems of life. He wrote a learnedtreatise expounding his discoveriesand he received a three-line noticethat was sandwiched between thewrite-up given the Outing of the IshKa Bibble Social and Pinochle Cluband a corn cure advertisement. Hegrew dispondent and went out andhooked up with five different femalesand Stated Something. And the nextday he had three columns on the firstpage and a two-column cut made fromhis latest photo. News is News.liHUMIfclOne aDDlication soothes and heals a roughDimDlvbkin.and.whenrepeated.quicklyeffects1 cure. Eczema, Erysipelas. Tetter, Ulcers andall skin diseases yield to its curative properties.Sue a box. At all uruggists.Send for free sample and hook. "Health and.Beautj.JOHNSTON. HOLLOWAY & CO..1730 Spring Garden St., Phila., Fa.TheandThe telephone eroesTiand in hand with o-nnr?roads.The telephone overcomes many of the obstacles of bad roads and makes it possible for thefarmer and other rural residents to transact business in the city and with neighbors when theroads are impassable.Progressive farmers are insisting upon goodroads and telephones. These two agencies ofmodern civilization are doing more than all others'toward eliminating the isolation of country life.You can have a telephone in your home at verysmall cost. Send a postal for our free bookletgiving complete information.FARMERS' LINE DEPARTMENT1Cumberland Telephoneand Telegraph CompanyStomach Trouble;Wholly Restored!Mrs. "WilsonRoblson, 744Nessle St.,Toledo, Ohio,writes:"I feel likea new person.I have nomore heavyfeelings, nomore pain,don't belch upgas, can eatmost anythingwithout ithurting me. Iwant to heworking allthe time. Ihave gainedtwenty - fourpounds."People thatsee me now.Mrs. Wilton Robkoa.and saw me two months ago seemastonished. I tell them Peruna didit. I will say it is the only remedy;for spring and all other ailments."No argument is needed for Peruna.Just get a bottle and try it Ifyou have catarrh of the stomach youhave a serious trouble. If you wantto find a remedy it would be very easyto make the experiment. Before you.have taken Peruna a week you willlikely find yourself better, then you,will need no testimonials on the partof other people, or arguments to convince you. Until you try Peruna,however, all the testimonials in theworld and arguments, however logical, will not move you. Just onetrial of Peruna will convince you.Persons who object to liquid medi-t;ines can now obtain Peruna Tablets(Copyright, by McClare Syndicate.)COUNTY COURT DAYS.Below is a list of the days County?Courts are held each month in counties tributary to Paris:Anderson, Lawreceourg, 3d MondaysBath, Owingsville, 2d Monday.Bourbon, Paris, lt Monday.Boyle, Danville, 3d Monday.Breathitt, Jackson, '4th Monday.Clark, Winchester, 4th Monday.Fayette, Lexington, 2d Monday.Fleming, Flemingsburg, 4th MondayFranklin, Frankfort, 1st Monday.Garrard, Lancaster, 4th Monday.Grant, Williamstown, 2d Monday.Harrison, Cynthiana, 4th Monday.Henry, Newcastle, 1st Monday.Jessamine, Nicholasville, 3d MondayLee, Beattyville, 4th Monday.Lincoln, Stanford, md Monday.Madison, Richmond, 1st Monday.Mason, Maysville, 1st Monday.Mercer, Harrodsburg, 1st Monday.Montgomery, Mt. Sterling, 3d Monday. Nicholas, Carlisle, 2d Monday.Oldham, Lagrange, 4th Monday.Owen, Qwenton, 4th Monday.Pendleton, Falmoutn, 1st Monday.Powell, Stanton, 1st Monday.Pulaski, Somerset, 3rd Monday.Scott, Georgetown, 3d Monday.Shelby, Shelbyville, 2d Monday.Wayne, Montecello, 4th Monday.Woodford, Versailles. 4th Monday.TelephoneGood Roads1B1HMINCORPORATED..-or sale by All Druggists.7 "fgMMU.r-fct i .www s1 'V .iHfc BoiikBON Nkws, pAiiis, Kentucky, may 29 ium1,BORLAND'SThe Home of Good Wall PaperWALL PAPER TALK No. 7.Bed Room Decoration Little can be added to what we previously mentioned concerning the suitability of "near to nature effects' ' for the bed room.While 'simplicity is the key-note of decorative success,quite frequently this room requires decorations along thelines herein mentioned.A panelled treatment for both walls and ceiling, thecut-out borders should be used in the larger rooms. Delicately figured and colored walls and ceilings are most appropriate iff work of this character.Let us help you make your selection.LOOK US UP!514 Main St., Next to Mr. Mamie Parker.TELEPHONE 150X Parts OdorlessLet us Make that Last Winter's Suit or OvercoatLook Like New.You will be surprised when we send your clothes home,and will wonder why you have not tried us before.All Work Guaranteed SatisfactoryMen's and Ladies' Panama and Straw Hats Cleaned andReblocked.to your satisfaction.We Call For and Deliver Work.Call up E. T. Phone 40.Paris Odorless Cleaning Co., Sam Levy, Proprietor.White Kid Gloves Cleaned, short, 10c; long 25c.NflMNMaNBHii'JplFI' i ?'On .--Jcopy iuom rtaVKINDLYTwin Bios. Depanmem store,Seventh and Main Sts., Paris, Ky.MBarlerSliopCorner Fouriii and MainModern Equipment.Polite Service.Everything Sanitary.Children's Work a Specialty.CARL CRAWFORDONEPOPf KHJRION POULTRY CUREdown, a chick's throat curesgapes, A few drops in thedrinking water cures andprevents cholera, diarrhoeaand other chick diseases. One50c bottle makes 12 gallons ofmedicine At all druggists.Sample and booklet on "Diseases of Fowls" Bent FREE.Bourbon Remedy Co. Lexington, IjFor Sale by W. T. BrooksPILES! PILES! PILES!WILLIAMS' INDIAN PILE OINTMErTH11 cure Blind, Bleeding and Itching PilIt absorbs the tumors, allays itching at onacts as a. poultice, gives instant relief.For sale by all druggists, mail 50c and SiWtIUMSMF6.CO.,Prs.,Oev0(Md1OI 'L. Qbfdwfw, Druffltt, Pari, Ky.SSmLrCleaning Co. tSpecialMay Sale.50 Ladies' Stylish andHandsomeSpringSuits$9-95All Sizes and Colors.CALL ATFirst Popular Price Excursion of the SeasonTo Cincinnati and ReturnSunday, May 31.$1.50for the Round TripSpecial train leaves Paris, Ky., 8:20a. m., returning leoves CincinnatiFourth Street Station 7:00 p. m. Forfurther information call onLow round trip Summer -Touristtickets to all principal tourist pointsin Georgia, Kentucky, North Carolina,South Carolina, Tennessee, Virginia,West Virginia, Canada, Michigan,New York, Vermont, California, Colorado, Montana, Minnesota, Wisconsin,Washington and Oregon, on sale dailyMay 15, until Sept. 30, with final return limit Oct. 31, with very liberalstop-over privileges. For further information call on or addressJ. K. SMITH, T. A.,orj i 4. W. H. HARRIS, Agt.4GAPE GOATS ANDESPlaids and Velvets in Cottonand Silk Give the SmartTouch to GownsSHORT NOSE VEIL;VALKYRIE TOQUESNEW YORK, May 28 With theticking of Fashion's clock the pendulum swings back and forth, countingout cycles of style, each one taking usback along the same old paths ourgrandmothers trod.At the present time, there seems tobe three distinct circles striving toweave themselves in Fashion's web,and become predominant One includes the Directoire period and itsinfluence is largely with the tailoredsuits of the day; the second shows thecrinoline of the early 60's and is reflected in our summer frocks; thethird is to . bring us back to thebasque and polonaise effects of the80's, and will probably be more in evidence in the autumn.In the first illustration is shown afrock of this latter character ,modernized to suit the fashionable figure.With a bustle instead of a sash, and asmaller waist, it might well have fitted our mothers in their gay and happy youth.The skirt worn with this waist hasthe smart long tunic over a tight andnarrow underskirt, a tightness mostunlike the tight skirts worn underthese same basques in other days.McCallWith a Little More Bustle and Smaller Waist, Our Mothers Might HaveWorn This Dress in Their Gay andHappy Youth.Poplin seems to be a favored material for this style of a frock, whether in wool or silk, striped and plain,and takes us around another cycle,which includes the time of CharlotteBronte and her heroines.In this frock is also shown a tendency to fit the figure more closely, athing ignored in the last year, and thecorset manufacturers are coming totheir own again.In my second illustration is shownthe new and practical cape coat, combined with that ever-striking andhandsome' Scotch plaid. The bodyand sleeve of this black satin coat arein one, with a seam down the full andgodet back. The yoke is extended into straps which cross over the chest,circle the body and cross again inthe front below the back, ending andfastening in the front below the waistThe skirt has a long pleated tunic ofplaid surah silk, with a narrow underskirt of black satin.Speaking of plaid, I hear that theParisiennes have gone mad on thesubject; they are not content with the"hazy-mazy" plaids which we haveworn all winter, in serge and similarmaterials, but wear the plaids inbright and glaring colors, in reds andgreens, yellows and blues.The cloth dresses for afternoonwhich are very much trimmed withtaffeta silk, often have tunics of plaid,edged with silk ruffles or pleatings, iWhile the sleeves of silk, in plaidand three-quarters length, are likewise finished with ruffles, or pleatingsof silk.Pique or silk vests, with large rolling collars, are being worn, buttoneddown the front with ball-shaped buttons of the same material. Cretonne,with a white or cream ground, and'high-colored flowers, is also used forvests, collar and cuffs, while most effective is the woolen embroidery usedto embellish the smartest vests andwaistcoats of-crash and coarse whitelinen.Cotton pique, in white, corn color,light, blue and white, and pink andwhite," striped, are made int cunningBASQUlittle Eton and boleroi jackets, to beworn over cotton dresses, a fancywhich is as attractive as it is practical. Velvet and many velvet-like textures are used a grett deal this season. A touch is introduced here andthere to enrich a gown of light andairy texture, as the collar of a cape, orperhaps only in the flowers whichtrim a charming garden hat. Thiscontrast is a delightful fancy whichthe French have employed with theirusual artistic grace and skill.Another adornment to summergowns are the new maline and netruches. Velvet, ending in an ornament in front, usually forms the center of these thickly box-pleatedruches. Different colors are used beside black, soft shades of rose, andblue, rich geranium pink and the wonderful tango yellow, whatever tonesof color in your frock may be easilycombined into a neck ruche.Occasionally a dainty nosegay offield flowers are nestled at either endof the ruff, so that when it is closed,if closed it is, they form a charmingbit of color at the throat.These ruffs occasionally lengtheninto boas, but require to be worn withcare. The way in which the ruff isplaced around the neck, well done,gives cachet to the costume; if carelessly worn, the whole effect is lost.A costume may be perfect in itself, but the careless adjustment ofan accessory may be its ruination.Owing to the difficulty of a becoming line at the neck, the veils will beworn short, reaching just above thelips. The object is to avoid the uglyline about the neck, which the lowcollar makes inevitable. In Paris ondit, no veils are worn, provided thehair is so arranged that it does notfly. Usually an invisible hair netaccomplishes 'this result.The latest toque is a round closefitting shape, with straight tall wingsplaced immediately at the front andat the back of the shape. These hatstake their name, "Valkyrie," from theWagnerian maidens, whose helmetsthey resemble.The hats and toques are brimlessand tend toward a round crown thatfits well down on to the head, withstiff, up-standing wings, usually inblack, directly in front. Often amass of small flowers cover thicklythe toque, relieved only by a high,fine feather. White and purple violets are most successful when usedin this way.McCali,The Cape Coats and Pleated TunicsAre Among the Season's NewestStyles.Toques, both white and black, willbe in great favor. If white strawforms the crown, then white wings,black wings or ears of black velvetare the preferred trimming. One ofthe latest millinery creations is asmall topue composed of small blackostrich plumes. These form the entir low crown, apparently held inplace by the band of silk ribbon,which is adorned with flat bows ofthe same ribbon, front and back.With hot weather, we shall see thesmart leghorns that look large, butthat are no larger than necessary togive a garden effect and to be becoming in that fashion, possible only withleghorn shapes. These are garlandedwith roses and at times lined withvelvet.The word comes from Paris thatno sleevs are worn for the evening ordancing frocks. The low cut bodicenarrows over the shoulders, showingthe entire upper arm. Often thesleeve is like a bracelet of sheer tulleor of jewels interlaced. The effect,however, is open, and no sleeve inthe real sense of the word is used.The majority of these frocks arevery low cut in the back, with thefront often held in place by jeweledchains, in the way of the usual fastening of a child's bib. However, theline of the neck in front is diverse,often it is pointed, coming in astraight line from the top of theshoulder t othe center of the breast,square cut or round like the Greek,with a use of tulle that gives an appearance of nothingness to the bodiceitself.kwREr$3bMk T vnArtXjBBIHwSftjjSJworth lookiniThere are thousands of houses all over the country, many ofthem in this state, from the owners of which this statementcan be verified.4 For Sale byBEST & HAWKINS, Mlllersbprg, Kentucky.HOW TO AVOID POTATOSCAB AND DRY ROT.These two diseases are prevalentin Kentucky, and now is the time tolessen their injuries on the crop of1914, if they are to be lessened.Scab is a fungus disease resultingin a roughness of the surface of potatoes, when severe leaving most ofthe outside fissured, corky and black.When used for seed, such potatoesare likely to cause scab on the newcrop, and are unfit for planting if onewants clean skinned potatoes. Ifbut slightly affected they may be disinfected by soaking them for twohours in thirty gallons of water containing one pint of formalin. Agunny sack containing the potatoesmay be set in a barrel containing thewater and formalin, and after treatement it is only necessary to lift thesack out, drain off the fluid, andspread the potatoes out to dry beforecutting them them.Dry rot is also a fungus disease.Potatoes sometimes appear to beperfectly sound, yet when cut showa brown line of varying thickness justwithin the skin and often followingthe greater part of the circumference.This is the work of a dry rot fungus,generally, in Kentucky, a speciesknown as Fusarium oxysporum. Suchpotatoes ought always to be rejected.They are certain to convey the disease to the crop. No treatment willreach the fungus within the potato.When buying potatoes it is well tocut some of them to see if the diseaseis present.Both scab and dry rot fungi remainin the soil for a time, hence old potato land is likely to produce morebadly diseased potatoes than newland.(1) The selection of sound seed,(2) treatment with formalin or corrosive sublimate, and (3) rotation, arethe means' by which both of thesepests may be avoided.H. GARMAN,Entomologist and Botanist, KentuckyAgricultural Experiment Station.State of Ohio, City of Toledo,Lucas county J ssFrank J. Cheney makes oath thathe is the senior partner of the firm ofF. J. Cheney & Co., doing business inthe City of Toledo, County and Stateaforesaid and that said firm will paythe sum of ONE HUNDRED DOLLARS for each and every case of Catarrh that cannot be cured by the useof Hall's Catarrh Cure.FRANK J. CHENEY.Sworn to before me and subscribedin my presence, this 6th day of December, 1886.(Seal) A. W. GLEASON,Notary PublicHall's Catarrh Cure is taken internally and acts directly upon the bloodand mucous surfaces of the system.Send for testimonials, free.F. J. CHENEY & CO., Toledo, O.Sold by all druggists, 75c.Take Hall's Family Pills for constipation. JUST WAIT UNTIL T. R. SEESTHIS(Strand Magazine.)A party of skaters were once progressing at coiisiderable speed down acertain frozen river in Canada when,to the horror of his companions, oneof the party was seen to skatestraight into a hole in the ice. Before he could stop himself he hadfallen through it, and the sharp edgesof the ice cut his head clean off hisshoulders. The speed at which hewas going, however, caused his headto skim along the top of the ice,while the rest of his body traveledat an equal speed beneath it, until,be a stroke of good luck, the severedportions met at another hole fartherdown, and joined so exactly that theunfortunate man came out of his accident with nothing worse than a severe cold.The man who is afraid he might dotoo much is never paid too much.Nearly every city has a man whodresses like a hobo and who is pointed out as a millionaire.Every baby resembles its mother inthat it wants a lot of things 'it can'thaveWhat has -become of the old-fashionedgirl who had to be coaxed toplay the piano.There are all sorts of people in theworld, including the woman whomake funerals her favorite pastime.We are all attracted by our opposites. That is why a gabby woman'ands a dumb mutt who is a goodlistener.I may be -wrong, but I never believed there was much the matterwith the man who was cured by apatent medicine.Paw and Maw will read all the autoads and all the auto catalogues allvinter every winter. They will argueand finally decide on tue car theyiwilluurchase. And when spring comesPaw thinks the matter over and compromises by purchasing a lawnmower.BY1fVA.VlVVWAVWlconditionNotice to ContractorsBids for the erection of the Y. M. CA. building, Paris, Ky., will be opeiteat 10 a. m T,.uesday, June 2. All fcwtemust besealed and in the hands otXi,the Building Committee by trttwirtiuPrSpecifications may bebta&biftc'lflBank, Paris, Ky. "t ?BUILDING 'GOMMITTiaL(12-td) r:.The New York State, Court oCAp-'Jmpeals has gone on recordMas hdldiagthat "motherhood is an incident Batumi to marriage." Well, well! If wehad only studied law we might hareknown this long ago.CHAMBERLAIN'S LINIMENT. JThis preparation is intended espefvally for rheumatism, lame back; ..sprains and like ailments. It is a fa-vorite with people who are well acw'krMrs. Charles Tanner, Wabash, ImdJrsays of it: "I have found Chamber- Jlam's Liniment the best thing foelame back and sprains that I haveever used. It works like a charm aatTrelieves pain and soreness. It 1msbeen used by others of my family aswell as myself for upwards of tweatyyears," 25 and 50 cent bottles. Forsale by all dealers.(May) (advTalking about getting even with thewomen. The fool men are now askedto wear a garter tht holds theirsocks up and their shirts down.Spain rigidly prohibits adulteratioeof olive oil.COUGHED FOR THREE YEARS"I am a lover of your Godsend to fcamanity and science. Your medicine,.Dr. King's New Discovery, cured mycough of three years' standing," saysJennie Flemming, of New Dover, O.,Have you an annoying cough.? Is itstubborn and won't yielcr to treatment? Get a 50c. bottle of Dr. King'sNew Discovery today. What it did.for Jennie Flemming it will do for youno matter how stubborn or chronic-a cough may be. It stops a cough andstops throat and lung trouble Reliefor money back. 50c. and $1.00- atyour druggist's.Bucklen's Arnica Salve for Pimples.(May) (adv)Grand Duchy of Baden now has 2,-142.838 inhabitants.t-UfA woman knows her husband is behaving himself because she friskspockets when he is asleep and nevergets anything on him. But she neverknows what he hides downtown ortears up before he comes home.Some fat-headed mutt who directsthe styles has declared the jelly wobble to be unfashionable. And now the,,corn-feds are wearing brassieres togive them a concrete effect. All ia.favor of lynching the man who stilted the anti-jelly wobble crusade will"say "AYE." Those opposed "no."The AYES have it.I don't wonder that the nude statue,"The Girl of 1914," shocked dear oldKing George. It shocked me, tooOver on this side the girls do notwear their chests where their collarbones should be.A souse isn't the only person whocan talk for an hour and not say anything. You ought to hear a memberof the "He Sez Club talking over thephone to her favorite member of the"She Sez" Club.It is none of my business. But agirl how has produced a bumjer cropif pimples has no business showiagany more of her chest than she cankeep from covering up.The father of eleven children always gets a good balling out from, the1 neighbors, but they never seem taDiame me moiner.Any time Mother is sick and Fatkerhas to fix his own breakfast, he boils,up a mess of stuff that looks like mudand smells like coffee, and he enjoysit because he made it himself. Butif Mother ever served him anythingthat tasted like it he would swear shetrying to poison him.0a Lome GemBreeds MillieMfm AIR wMd finf A sore or cat lets tbXmjfwrpPLJiy srerastffldertfeesbJ. AIfcSffxSiK' M &' ? T. -Amy breedteztfeerewMtbm " BaBUoaslaafewdij's. mStop the Breeding WUk ML BELL'S AAntiseptic Salvem It stops tfee breeding a one. It keep wy wM 0ethor genu It wetiMS ud iMals.tf iwt amA -you uss M. A 9Ce. bee will pnnM A9t 4alan et trettbte. Vi mtm kirTk mxr SV322sTHEjBOyRBON NEWS, PARIS, KENTUCKY, MAY 29, 1914.:IHiiI'.feiii;: ;ir;li: t?Hth.:lif!y I,tf' i.,itiIBF HILLEeSBURGMr. J. J. Peed continues about the6ane.Mr. E. T. Sheeler is spending tendays at Martinsville, Ind.Miss Mary McDaniel, of the Cynthiana Graded School, is at home forthe summer.Mrs. Henry Patterson is spendinga vreek with her daughter, Mrs. Harlan Parrish, in Lexington.:Miss Dorothy Peed, of the GradedScfebol, of Birmingham, Ala., will return Saturday for the summer.Mrs. J. P. Auxier and little sons,IPercy and Leland, returned Tuesdaysafter a week's visit to relatives atGeorgetown.Mr. Sutherland Chandler, of Cynthiana, who was a member of the-class of 1913, at M. M. L, was here onbusiness Tuesday.Miss Kizzie Mae McDaniel will return to-day after a three weeks' visit-to Miss Jennie Marie Pepper, ofHuntington, W. Va.Mr. Claude Neal and family arrived at the bedside of his brother, Mr.JB. A. 'Neal, Wednesday, only a littlewhile before his death.Mesdames C. O. Cossaboom, E.B.-Taylor, Minnie C. Hurst, Mr. and Mrs.T. C. Current, Mr. H. C. Current and3Iiss Amelia Hurst attended the comznencement exercises of Midway College, Wednesday.The contract was awarded Tuesday afternoon to Humphreys & Hus-kins, of Cynthiana, for the erection of Ithe new annex of the M, P. C. Thissame firm built the original buildingnow standing there.There were quitea number of bidders. The work of ,breaking dirt for the foundation begun Wednesday afternoon.The M. M. I. commencement, very imuch like the M. F. C. commencement, is being ushered in by a seriesof entertainments. On Tuesday afternoon Mrs. C. B. Smith entertainedthe Rook Club. About forty guestswere present, and ices and cakeswere served. Tuesday evening Dr.and Mrs. C. B. Smith entertainedladies and gentlemen, with euchre.A delightful lunch was served during the time. Wednesday afternoonfrom 2 to 4 Mrs. T. L. Marshall gavea delightful reception the first thathas been given in her new home sincecompleted. A large number of invitations were issued, most of whichwere responded to. Thursday afternoon Mrs. Chas. Martin entertainedabout sixty of her lady friends withsix handed rook. Ices and cake wereserved. .Millersburg was visited by bur-Jglars Tuesday night. A number othomes were entered, but little lootsecured. Screens were cut and entrance was easy. The home of Mr.K. D. Burroughs was entered and twopairs of trousers taken from the pressin his room, about $9 secured and thetrousers left in the dining roonvEntrance was effected in the home ofMr. C. W. Brown through an open window. They secured 75 cents, leavinghis trousers in the yard. The homeof Mr. W(. D. Mclntyre was enteredays to Jieep CoolSn Jfof WeatherJust as it Pays to Keep Warm inCold Weather, or Dry inWet Weather.Then Why Not Try one of OurJ Electric Irons on Two Weeks Free Trial?We Will Deliver it at Any Time.Why not drop into our office and look at our line ofElectric Fans?Ther are just as sensible in Summer as a coal firein Winter.Paris Gas & Electric Co."M (Incorporated)mm mmwmmmummwmmmmmmm mmthrough a screen door in the rear.Two or three dollars was taken fromhim. The home of Dr. W. G. Daileywas entered the same way and someloose change taken from the center(able in his room. The home of Mr.JF. McDaniel was visited, hut Mrs.McDaniel being aroused by the noisethey were frightened away beforegetting miu tiieir room. Attempts were also made upon thehomes of A. T. Moffet and J. H. Stewart, but they were frightened awaybefore gaining an entrace. It isthought the work is that of local talent and two or three parties are suspected.The following is a partial list ofthe commencement guests who havealready arrived and who will arrive 'Saturday: Misses Eldiva Saunders iand Elizabeth Walker, of Lexington, Jwith Mrs. R. M. Johnson; Miss ClaraRhodes, of Elizaville, and TommieDawson, of Bloomfield, with Mrs. E. 'M. Thomason; 'Misses Stella Carr, ofLafayette, Tenn., Mary Barret Smith,Richmond, and Elizabeth Ratcliff andFarris Fellam, of Sharpsburg, withMiss Mattie Butler; Miss Sadie Spuill,of Oriental, N. C, with Mrs. A. ,J.Thaxton; Misses Rebecca Redmon and.Elizabeth Tarr, of Paris, with Miss fLavina Layson; Misses Mary Hutchcraft, of Paris, and Elizabeth Liter,of Clinton ville, with Miss AlbertaMoffett; Mrs. Jas. Dunlap, of Circleville, Ohio, with her daughter, Mrs.W. F. Sanders; Misses Alice andLois Ingels, of Eminence, with theiraunt, Mrs. G. W. Judy; Misses Dorothy Pollock, of Hamilton College, Lexington, and Ruth Norris, "of Dover,with Miss Mildred Bruce; Mr. andMrs. J. F. McDaniel, of Cynthiana,with Mr. and Mrs. J. F. McDaniel, Sr.Mr. Banks Allen Neal, aged about40, died at the home of his mother,Mrs. Jennie Neal, Wednesday at 1 p.m., after a lingering illness of nearlytwo years of tuberculosis of the bowels. He Avas the youngest son of Mr.and Mrs. E. M. Neal, a member of thePresbyterian Church, Past Master ofAmity Lodge No. 40 F." and A. M., anda member of the Carlisle Commandery of K. T. He was one of the laststudents of the old K. W. C, beforeits removal from Millersburg to Winchester, though he did not graduateuntil after the College had been removed from here, and then underProf. Wailes, who was conducting aprivate school. For several years after he was through school he occupied the position as salesman at thedrug store of Dr. W. M. Mliler, andlater Mr. H. H. Phillips, the successor of Dr. Miller. Still later he identified himself with the firm of Ingles,Neal & Co., dealers in dry goods, purchasing the interest of Mr. J. G.Allen, which he conducted for severalyears, and later selling the same toMr. J. B. Cray, after which he occupied the position as teller at theFarmers' Bank. About a year beforethe retirement of Postmaster R. B.Boulden, he resigned his position inthe bank to become chief clerk in thepostoffice, whicli position he held until July 1, 1912, under Postmaster TJ.S. G. Pepper. By this time his healthhad -become impaired and he began tofail, though during all the months ofI Thomas & Woodford II Fire, Wind,j Lightning Insurance!his illness he was never confined tohis bed until the day previous to hisdeath. He is survived by his parents,Mr. and Mrs. E. M. Neal, the formerof the Confederate ifome, at PeweeValley, and one brother, Mr. ClaudeNeal, of Newport. The funeral arrangements as yet have not beenmade.The funeral took place Fridaymorning at 10 o'clock at his late residence with a short service, by hispastor, Rev. A. S. Venable, of thePresbyterian Church. Burial in Millersburg cemetery under the auspicesof Amity Lodge No. 40, F. and A. M.S. K. Veach, Past Grand Master ofKentucky presided. The pall-bearerswere six of the Sir Knights of theCarlisle Commandery of K. T. C. P.Jones, J. H. Burroughs, J. B. Cray,' MP. Collier, W. A. Butler and A SMiller.One of the most elaborate receptions of the, season was given Wednesday afternoon from 3 to 5 by Mrs.T. L. Marshall, at her home on theMaysville pike. The guests were received at the front by Miss ElizabethBrown, sister of the hostess, while little Miss Magel Marshall, niece of thehostess, received the cards. The receiving line was made up of Mrs TL. Marshall, Mrs. J. T. Purdy, Mrs. AThaxton, Mrs. C. A. Duncan, of Paris'Mrs. W. M. Maffet, of Cynthiana. Adelightful salad course was served.Thecolor scheme was pink and white,and throughout the remainder of thehouse green and white.BURR GROUND MEALYour grocer sfells Burr GroundMeal. Give it a trial. ManufacturedbyMILLERSBURG MILLS.(22-1 mo)GEO. W. BAIN TOLECTURE AT HUTCHISON.Col. Geo. W. Baine, the well-knownorator, will lecture at HutchisonChapel, on Saturday night, June 6,at 8 o'clock. The proceeds of thelecture will go to the parsonage. Admission 25 cents.HANDSOME PROPERTY.! Protect Your Growing fI Tobacco Against! HAILOnly First-Class CompaniesRepresentedS ?ijjB vHIHStock ReducinglOVEft " IAWING to the Unseasonable Weather till now and our IHeavy buying, we Find Ourselves Overstocked in IXT 1 "" 1 -""A 1 f In.ig ii-vjriciac opring ana ouiiiinciThe most centrally and best locatedproperty ever offered in Paris is theYerkes home, corner of Main and 11thstreets. The beautiful home on Mainis one of the best in Paris, and thelost aa joining are only ones on thPmarket in the center of the citv. Yonare invited to inspect the property.oaiuraay. (19-tf)PUT SULPHUR ON AN ITCHINGSKIN AND END ECZEMA.POYAIKLMR VJWZM.&AKlK3POWDERAbsolutely PureM0ALUM8LIMEPHISPHATA GENTLE TIP TOTOBACCO GROWERS.It is claimed by many experiencedtobacco growers that loose leaf tobacco warehouses will do more tDcontrol the acreage of tobacco thanany other method of agreement. Thereason is plain. Tobacco is supposed to sell for its actual value on theloose leaf floor. Good tobacco bringsgood prices, and the weed that ispoor in quality is almost certain tobring the grower a poor price. Assoon as the growers realize that theycan no longer depend on the extrafine crop of their neighbors to boostthe price of their poor crop, they too,will pay more attention t oqualityandless attention to quantity, with the result that an average crop will begrown, the buyer will be satisfied andthe grower will receive a higher pricethan he has ever before received.A RARE OPPORTUNITY.Says This Old-Time Eczema MemedyIs Applied Like Cold Cream.Any irritation or breaking out onthe face, arms, legs or body when accompanied by itching, or when theskin is dry and feverish, can be readily overcome by applying a littlebold-sulphur cream, says a noted dermatologist. He. states that bold-sulphur instantly allays the angry itching and irritation and soothes and heals the Eczema right up, leaving the skin clearand smooth. Bold-sulphur has occupied a secure position for many yearsin the treatment of 'cutaneous disoders because of its parasite-destroyingproperty. Nothing has ever beenfound to take its place in treating theirritable and inflammatory skin affections. While not always establishinga permanent cure it never fails tosubdue the itching irritation and drivethe Eczema away and it is often yearslater before any eruption again appears on the skin.Those troubled should obtain at anypharmacy an ounce of bold-sulphurcream which is applied to the affectedparts in the same manner as an ordinary cold cream.If you are looking for a home don'toverlook the Yerkes property. Oneof the best built and centrally locatedhomes in Paris. The building lots on11th street are the most desirableever offered in years in Paris. Youare invited to call and inspect theproperty on Saturday.(19-tf)PORCH SHADESWe sell the beautiful and' serviceable "No Whip" Porch Shades. Theywill please you.(5-tf) A. F. WHEELER CO.MARKET0E,Eighth and MainWEARQuick Action Demanded to Reduce Our Enormous Stock of Absolutely theBest and Latest Spring and Summer Footwear at Prices So LowThat Will Astonish Even the Most Economical.Ladies' Colonial Pumps of elegant Patent Coltor Soft Dull Calf, genuine $3.50. values,at o.c....$2.49 and $1.99Ladies' Suede and Velvet Marv Jane Pumris ofthe best makes, genuine $4 and 3.50 values, atLadies' Oxfords and Baby Doll Pumps of dullsoft Kid, light soles, genuine 4 and $3.50 values, atLadies' Oxfords and Pumps, samples, at2.502.501.49Men's Tan Oxfords of the best qualities andmakes, rubber soles, $4.50 values, at $3.50Men's Tan and Gun Metal Oxfords and Englishlast, of the famous Walk-Over and Beacon.best values atMen's High Shoes and Oxfords in Tan and GunMetal, bench made, $4 values atMen's Oxfords in Tan, Patent Leather and GunMetal, $3 values at $2.49 and4.002.991.99To the Creditors of GeorgeAlexander & Co. StateBank.NOTICENo DeliveryNo PhonesNo Credit:Sliced Ham ber lb 25cSliced Breakfast Bacon, lb. 25cFresh Pork Sausage, per lb 18cChuck Steak, per lb 16cRound Steak, per lb 18cLoin Steak, per lb 20cPorterhouse Steak, per lb.. 22cPlate Roast, per lb 12cChuck Roast, ptr lb 15cRib Roast, per lb 16cRump Roast, per lb 15c JPork Chops, per lb 18cPork Roast, per lb 16cPure Lard, per lb . . ..14c JFresh Fish Received Daily.The creditors of the1 above namedGeorge Alexander & Company StateBank are hereby notified to file theirclaims with the undersigned, verified as required by law, at my officeat the Bourbon Bank & Trust Company's place of business in ParisKentucky, on or before September 1,1914; and all depositors of said bankare requested to bring in and leavewith the undersigned their passbooks, in order that they may beposted.BUCKNER WOODFORDSpecial Deputy Banking Commissioner. (22-Fri 3mos.)Dissolution Notice.Misses' and Children's Elegant Patent Colt or Soft Kid Baby Doll Pumps andOxfords, best qualities, at $1 .24, 99c, 89c and 79c.Special Bargain Prices on Satin Pumps for Graduation.A Great Reduction on High. Priced Pumps and Oxfords.pace Here is Too Limited to Give All the Numerous Bargains Come and Convince Yourself !COHEN'S3D-A.3STThe firm of Browner & Johnson isthis day dissolved by mutual consentMr. Browner retires from the firm andMr. Johnson will conduct the businessin his own name. All accounts dueto the firm of Browner & Johnson arepayable to Johnson, who also assumesthe payment of outstanding obligations. That the business will continue to enjoy the liberal patronage ofthe public, is the sincere wish of bothparties hereto. RespsctfullyGEO. W. BROWNER.JNO. JOHNSON.(19-3w)j M.J, He&CO.APIA m J gtiUMKILLERS !I Greatest Shoe Storeft Where fecauty and Economy ReignsliiflMMIMHMMMMHiaiiMIHManBSTRAYEDFrom the farm of Dr wiiiiam Trney, on the Lexineton niv Ratiionight, one black or brown horse muleLarge wart on foreleg. Informationas to whereabouts should h m,-nicated to, CAYWOOD & McCLINTOGK,fGet an Early Start Alterthe Insects.The earlier you tacklethem the easier it will beto kill them off. Watchyour currant and gooseberry bushes every day.A little hellebore in season will save manypounds of it later. Wesell good, pure, whitehellebore for 40c a pound.Use it on the rose bushesuse it anywhere thereare bugs to be killed,Ir se:t Powder, the purePersian article. 50c lb.Blue Vitriol for sprayingpurposes, 15c lb. Thegreatest thing for lice onstock is Kreso Dip. Get agallon. Price 1.40. Itcosts less than any otherand goes farther.People's PharmacyDoyle Building 8th and MainPARIS, KY."Watch pur Windows."oyMriaMMMriiiaMVMii