v J fff - ,"3&rWw.3BH$l'-rtw-r " ..-i ' tTHE BOURBON NEWS' r,Z"frrPUBLISHED EVFBY TUESDAY AND FRIDAY IN THE YEARVOLUME XXXIIPARIS, KENTUCKY, TUESDAY, JUNE 9, 1914.1"WE KNOW HOW"BIG WAR SCAREAG11RTED.Huerta Backs Up, and AfterSizing Up the Situation,Backs Down.THREATENS TAMPICO.WASHINGTON, Jun 8. Anothercrisis in the Mexican difficulty facedthe Washington Government Sunday,n situation fraueht with perils formediation and with possibilities thatmight precipitate actual warfare between the United States and Mexico.Gen. Huerta brought about the newcrisis by ordering his gunboats toblockade the port of Tampico and toseize a cargo of ammunition en routethere for the Mexican Constitutionalists aboard the steamer Antilla fromNew York .flying t.ie Cuban flag.Huerta has notified the Powers of theintent to blockade the port and thathe proposes to seize the cargo andconsigned to the belligerants againsthis sovereignty as counterband ofwar.HUERTA BACKS DOWN.WASHINGTON, June . 8. Huertahas decided after all not to blokadeTampico and force the hand of theUnited States with the possibility ofdisrupt the mediation proceedingsat Niagara Falls. Mr. Riano, theSpanish ambassador, notified Secretray Bryan officially to that effect today. What actuated Huerta in backingdown does not appear in the brief advices which reached Washington.NAMES ON THE BALLOT.'1sHHHBHilHEiH IHON . C. M. THOMAS. IatVJO -, -- 4. '!Frankfort Congressman A. O.Stanley's petition to get his name onthe August primary ballot as a candidate for the Democratic nominationfor United States Senator, was filedby T. M. Phythian, who is in chargeof Stanley's headquarters at Louisville. Congressman Harvey Helm filed hispetition in the office of Assitant Secretray of State C. H. Yansant, to gethis name on the primary ballot ascandidate for the Democratic nomination for Congress in the Eighth. District.Don't Burn UpThese Hot Days :But Come to our store and buy one of those cool, com-tfortable, light-weight Linen Coats and Trousers. We5 , have them in all grades, fromr $4 tO $10Made without any lining---just the kind to catch the coolbreezes when they come your way. Linen Coats andTrousers in Tans and Greys, Linen Pongee, extra light, "" weights, for; ph$4.00Think of it! $2.00 for Coat and $2.00 for. Trousers.!:. C i Do not delay buy now.1 . -'- i y-jHON. C. M. THOMAS REPLIESTO THE HON. J. C. CANTRILL.Hon. Ci MfThomas late Saturday tion, and for practically all of thatafternoon issued the following reply time this gentleman, now professing60V.US LfiliU IU UiiUiiyUsHe Addresses Large t Crowdsat Hazard and Whites-burg.BECKHAI AT HAZARD. 'HAZARD, KY., June C The Hon.J. C. W. Beckham received a warmwelcome by the mountain Democratswhen they gathered about 2,000 strongin Hazard from every nook and corner of Perry, Lesie and Knott counties to add their voices to the waveof ethusiasm which seems to beSweeping that section for the ex-Governor.At 1:30 in the court house auditorium, surrounded by bunting and flagsartistically arranged by the daughtersof Democracy, he was introduced ina pointed three-minute speech by Buford C. Tynes.- upon the lmuor-ineat to the United-sYiTej Oe people" ?.k-L,s SenatorsKh hed intor '. In ad Ji-1 as Gov-Afetr laying s't&uce of the ar:States constiiu"power to olect Lidireetlv, Mr. Bec.tho issues of the cx:tlon tx del ending hipcuw, he explained ia-. ce aT-Lucsthit have been" made upon him .have.v- r P h r i -"jo- Ti3ts of Kentucky through Mr. Stanley.e -j,w. .do ;c.i x-eceived bytho atidiesice, v;hich was much impressed by the deliberation and sineerily of the speaker, and followingthe speech he was assured of theswpport of many of the independentvoters in the general election.to the letter of Congressman Cantrillpublished in Friday's newspapers:"To the Democrats of the SeventhCongressional District:"The Honorable J. Campbell Cantrill has sisued a statement throughthe press in which he finds fault withme for failing, in announcing myselfa candidate for Congress, to renewmy allegiance to the Baltimore platform, and boastfully proclaims, as ifappealing to Democrats to look andsee for themselves, that he is actually for once in line with the expressedwill and judgment and temperamentof his party."Now the gentleman is perfectlyaware, as is every one acquaintedwith the facts, that no individual hasever questioned my absolute loyaltyto my party and to its nominee, Ican not help thinking that the gentleman's present attitude is assumed andproclaimed for the purpose of kickingup sufficient dust to obscure his standwith reference to party affairs in thenot very distant past.How Beckham Was Defeated."It is very generally understoodthat a great Democrat, his party'snominee for the United States Senate,was defeated a few years ago and aRepublican elected in his place,through the agency of this gentleman,who now so loudly proclaims himselfan advocate of his party's platform."Governor Beckham, in a Statewide primary, received the Democratic nomination for United StatesSenator. He was entitled to the support, not only of every Democraticmember of the General Assembly -towhich his nomination was referred,but it was his due to have the loyalsympathy and aid of every individualDemocrat within the borders, of Kentucky,, whether a member of the As-seinbly-ornot."ffnr itriitv-fmir davs the Demo-I .'. .... ri 4-lio4- "hrirlr loVinvorltraiiv; caucus jj. mu.L uw aw..-.incessantly to bring about his elec-to -e a loyal Democrat, and claimingthe consideration of Democraticvoters, was in Frankfort representing the interests, it -is said, tha$prk.vided the sineTvs of war that underminded Democratic strength andbrought about Democratic defeat.Cantrill in Republican Camp."Not one time during that longdrawn out struggle for Democraticrights did this alleged Democratcross the threshold of our Democraticleader. Probaly no day passed, if hewas in Frankfort, during that wonderful fight of a great man for the rightswhich had been conferred upon himby his party, did this claimant forDemocratic honors fail to enter andre-enter the headquarters of -the Republican nominee, and give to himthat degree and character of sympathy and support which finally resulted in Republican victory andDemocratic defeat. What right hashe to request or expect the votes" ofDemocrats in a Democratic primary?"I am indeed for the Baltimore platform, and I find nothing in it whichimposes upon the Democrats of theSeventh District of Kentucky the dutyof sending to Congress a man who,having pledged himself to vote forany 'measure, the purpose of whichwas to prevent the inter-state shipment of liquor into dry territory, thenviolated that pledge by voting againstthat very measure, known 'as theWebb-Kenyon Bill, and not only voted against it, but voted against itspassage over the veto of a RepublicanPresident.Cantrill's Political Alliances."I find nothing in the Baltimoreplatform that imposes upon the Democrats of the Seventh District of Kentucky any duty to send to Washington as their representative the manwho created and has for twenty yea'rsmaintained an alliance between poli( Continued on Page 3.)J8Ml itched & Blakemore,The Store for Men's StylesParis, -KentuckyJUDGE STOUT CONVENESG0UR30N CIRCUIT COURT.OVATION FOR BECKHAM.Ex-Gov. J. C. W. Beckham spoke inthe Y. M. C. A. building in Fleming,the new city, in Letcher County,Thursday night, in the interest of hiscandidacy for the United States Senate, and handled the issues in a forceful, splendid manner. The crowd wasmade up of both Democrats and Republicans. That Mr. Beckham is unusually popular in Eastern Kentucky,there is on question. Letcher Countywill give him a large majority; in factThe Juno term of the Bourbon Circuit Court was convened yesterdaymorning with Circuit Judge Robt. L.Stout presiding, and Commonwealth'sAttorney Victor Bradley in attendance. The Grand Jury was empeneled andsworn. The jury is compsed of D.C. Lisle, (foreman), Bert Rash. Walker Kiser, F. P. Lair, Dan Wilson,Frank Buchanan, Ed. Turner, Geo.Jacoby, Ashley Austin, Nathan Goodman, B. F. Stipp, Joe Hart.Judge Stout delivered a strongcharge to the jury, urging the memhoro in tvmsrmsrhlv investigate theAN EARNEST SUPPORTER.oIFRANK & CO.BIG CLEARANCE SALEOFReady to 'Wear Garments !Compare Our Prices With Other Stores, Then Come In and See the GarmentsYou Will Be Surprised at the Real Bargains Offered.both" the McCreary and Stanley fol- conditions in this county without fearor favor, ana strongly lmyicaocu uixthem the necessity of helping justicebv the thoroughness and effectivenesstrue of other! of their researcnes. xie m n iuwoAll along the was a man on the jury who felt thatroute oflowers predict that Beckham will getas many votes as botn ot mem. mesame is true of other mountain countios. All along ismuuuuuii uuuuuv-j. -..". o . :,--r ofithe Lexington & eastern, , lie coma not cuusuwuuuuoijfMr. Beckham was given a great aem-: earnesuy ayuiy "" "" rrQlvaloastration, large crowds coming to ligations ci all phases of cr.mmalthe different stations in order to get a acts and to the situations in thisSmpso at the next United States, this county, ho wanted, them to gttISr Son l Kentucky. 3?rom Flem-! off the panel at once. Not a man ac-ia-Gov Beckham went to Hazard, i cepted the challenge.,r:riurrr L tto fn t,, Stout called the order of thelL,'y' JdockSond a number default judg-Mj-.-Beckham will carry Eastern , ments: were taken, - fnmmanKentucky by the lkntat ' majority There are sfty-eight Commmever given a candidate. wealth cases on the docket, ot whichn Attorney James H. Minouge is anenthusiastic supporter of Hon. ClaudeM. Thomas for Congressman from the!Seventh Congressional District to succeed Congressman J. Campbell Cantrill. "I am for the restoration of theold Ashland District in the Congressof the United States," said the attor-ney. "What Kentuckian is thero who.does not recall the prestige and power-of our former representatives Clay,Crittendon, Beck, Blackburn, Breckinridge and Settle, and then reflects onour present and almost practically unknown position with regret? Why,the old Ashland District, so famous jthroughout the history or tne countryhas almost faded away and it is to re- jvive the memories of past political i jachievements that I favor the election jof a high-class man. I Delieve that .the great common people have enough qinterest in the glory of this old dis-trict to rally to the' support of the ( gBourbon candidate." 905?&m0a3'iJ'AT $9.95Silk, Poplin and Moire Suits,and Black.All ColorsqSe2)Any Ordinary Size Wool Suit in Our EntireStock Worth Up To $35.00,'I'a. ftV.We orerermSoS1a Very Select Line ofMisses' and Ladies' Smts WorthUp To $20.00. . ;'" AT $9.95Any Ladies' Silk or Cloth Coat Worth UpTo $25.00.AT $4.S5Any Child's Separate Coat Worth RegularlyUp To $15.00.AT $3.95Any Serge or Eponge Dress. That Sold Formerly Up To $8.50.Corrae Early and Get Choice,2J&-iJJfr.rnftTtnr. i. i i-oju.possibly fifty vill be called for 'trial, i mThe term promisesto be a busy onewith -a number ol " very important mcases. , 'Court atijournedujitil' tliiBmornin'gvwhen the doclset will be 'called, consisting of Commonwealth cases-.,cThe Store Where Reliability Reigns.5-afyffffftffffffffyyyyyyyyyyyyfyffftyyy.fyvyyyIfhJt.4,TX.KrTHE BOURBON NEWS,. PARIS, KENTUCKY, JUNE 9 1914jr 4Are Your Hands Tied?by a chronic disease common to womankind? You feel dull headachey? Backache, pains here and there dizziness orperhaps hot flashes? There's nothing yoacan accomplish nothing you can enjoy!There's no good reason for jt because.you can find permanent relief inDR. PIERCE'SFavorite PrescriptionMrs. Fannie H. Brent, of Bryant, Nelson Co., Va., writes: "I believe I hadevery pain and ache a woman could have, my back was weak, and I suffered withnervousness and could not sleep at night. Suffered with soreness in my righthip, and every month would have spells and have to stay in bed. I have takeneight bottles of your 'Favorite Prescription' and one vial of your 'Pleasant Pellets'.Can now do my work for six in family, and feel like a new woman. I thinkit is the best medicine in the world for women. I recommend it to all my friendsand many of them have been greatly Denefited by it.fDr. PIERCE'S PLEAS ANT PELLETSRelieve Liver Ills!Cbe Paris Rome telephone and Cekarapl) go(Incorporated).J. J. VEATCH, District Manager. K. E. SPEARS, Commi-ica! Manager.Bourbon LaundryDWIS & FUNK, Props.Telephone No. 4.BourbonParis Kentucky,GE'X W.FUNERAL DIRECTOR ANDBOTH'PHONES DAGasr ittms !iPlumbing and Elecri-cai Work in AllTheir BranchesMasda (Tungston) LampsStoves, Rangesarid Appliances.Spicer &.Gilchrist, !Eiks'Rfiifrfincr- -- .....-,',- F F DU ier, !- UUlIt, AVJ5 Home Phone, 101 Jt . 1When you feel SSvofis, tired, worried or despondent it issure sign you need MOTTS NERVERINPILLS. They renew the normal vigor armake life worth living. Be sure and askMott's Nerverine Pills ?WILLIAMS MFG. CO.. Praps.. CleveUsd, OkieJl. Obwdorftr, Druggiit, Paris, K7.,.Have You aHOME TELEPHONEOur Bourbon CountyBusiness is GrowingMore Rapidly ThanEver Before.Ask Your Neighbor About TheService, Then Let Us Figure With You;8fm4vassasWest 5 StreetWe Take Pleasure.in "oing up the finest shirtwaists or anything in thelaundry line. That is whaymade ihe Bourbon Laundrtfamous fov fine work and itdever goes buck on its reputation. If you are particularabout how your linen islaundered, your custom is thekind we want as we like toappreciateeLaundry,DAVISLICENSED EMBAIIEL137; NIGHT 299.HEALTH PAST FIFTYCareful diet is of utmost importance tomen and women past fifty years of age;it keeps up their strength, and the oilfood in Scott's Emulsion is a nourishingfood, a curative medicine and a sustainingtonic to regulate the functions.It contains the medicinal fats of purecod liver oil and science proves that theyfurnish twice as much energy as otherfoods then too, it creates pure blood,sharpens the appetite, relieves rheumatism, strengthens the body and alleviatesthe ailments due to declining years.Scott's is free from wines, alcohol orharmful drugs. Beware of substitutes.lewBarberSliopCorner Fourth and MainModern Equipment,Polite Service.Everything Sanitary.CARL CRAWFORDn?i?rV1tr rellavu Tunn..i- c nrr C "v"v' "UCU1UBUBU, OUJOiUUS. 1f cjes, neuralgia, uackaclie, lieadache andI iyi t wv J" au; iaib in mo IfUU JilIIAVA finV BPha fn nnw n 9 lA n.. 1 1.... -. u iyu. WVUC) Ulklk 11 lb J.BUB IU 111ux,vix uiiuuifs iime.jrrtee eve JLt A.U DruggistsFree umple and circnUr sent oa requwt.BOURBON RPMPnv rnupiuv,342 Eatf Main St., Lextaaten, Kv.The Bourbon NewsEstablished 188132 Years of Continouous Publication.SWIFT CHAMP, Editor and Owner.(Entered at the Paris, Kentucky,Postoffice as Mail Matter of theSecond Class.)One Year $2.00 Six Months. $1.00Payable in Advance.Published Every Tuesday ana FridayADVERTISING RATESDisplay Advertisements, $1.00 perinch for first time; 50 pents per incheach subsequent Instertion.Reading Notices, 10 cents per lineeach issue; reading notices in blacktype, 20 cents per line, each issue.Cards of thanks, calls on candidates, obituaries and resolutions, andsimilar matter, 10 cents per line.Special rates for large advertisemnts and yearly contracts.The right of publisher is reservedto decline any advertisement or othermatter offered for publication.Space is a newspaper's stock intrade and source of revenue.Is Perfecting Strongest Political . Organization EverKnown injLouisville.E. P. HUMPHREYMADE CHAIRMAN.Praminent Men Over State. Express Their PreferenceFor Beckham.Political develoDments of ereat significance came Thursday morningwhen it was announced that the Louinsville supporters of former Governor J. C W. Beckham for the Democratic nomination for Senator haveunited to perfect one of the strongestand most aggressive organizationsthat was ever formed in Louisville forany candidate, and which includesnot only dozens of the most influentialpolitical leaders of the local Democratic party, but lawyers, bankers andbusiness men of much prominence.At the request of Mr. Beckham,communicated through his State managers, and with the concurrence of allthe men who have decided to becomeactive for Mr. Beckham in the Louisville district, Mr. Edward P. Humphrey was Thursday morning requested to accept the chairmanship of theBeckham campaign in the city of Louisville, and he accepted for reasonsgiven below.Among the men who are expectedto take an active hand in crystalizingpublic sentiment for Mr. Beckham areMr. Edward T. Tierney, chairman ofthe Board of Safety; Mr. James B.Brown, vice president of the NationalBank of Commerce; County ClerkPres Ray, Judge A. H. Humphrey,Judge Matt O'Doherty, Mr. W. W.Davis, County Attorney A. Scott Bullitt, County Jailer Charles C. Fosterand dozens of others.SELECTION OF CHAIRMAN.For a number of weeks Mr. Beckham has been receiving the most encouraging reports of the strength ofthe sentiment behind him in the cityof Louisville, and Tuesday of thisweek he communicated a request thatMr. E. P. Humphrey be asked to accept the chairmanship of the localcampaign. This suggestion was immediately accepted by Mr. E. T. Tierney, Mr. Brown and the other activefriends of Mr. Beckham. Mr. Humphrey made the following brief statement to the Evening Post relative tothe matter:"I have agreed to accept the chairmanship of the campaign for Mr.Beckham in Louisville for these reasons: I wish to heln in brinsrins notlonly the Democratic party in Louisville but the whole city in closer touchwith the prevailing sentiment in theState of Kentucky. Of the overwhelming strength of Mr. Beckham in theState there is no question. It appearsthat he has almost equal strength inLouisville. We will show in this campaign that Louisville is 'determined tokeep step with the State."MR. TIERNEY'S STATEMENT.Mr. E. T. Tierney said:"I declared for Mr. Beckham for theDemocratic nomination for Senatorsome weeks ago, and I have been astonished by the strength of the Beckham movement in Louisville. This isconfined to no one class. Dozens ofthe strongest politicians are for Beckham, but equally significant is thefact that men who have heretofore refused to have anything to do with political organizations have agreed totake part in a sixty-day campign forMr. Beckham, and I believe that Mr.Beckham will carry Louisville by amajority running well up into thethousandsN Now that Mr. Humphrey,has accepted the chairmanship, we;will at once open local headquarters,secure a campaign secretary and officeforce and organize Louisville forBeckham from the First ward to theTwelfth."- " MR. BROWN'S POSITION.Mr. James B. Brown is like Mr.Humphrey and' other men who nrn-pose to be active in. the Beckham.GOV. BECKHAMPREPARING FORAGTiVE CAMPAIGN.campaign. Mr. Brown is rarely ableto give more than a fraction of histime from business to governmentalmatters, but he considers Mr. Beckham so much the strongest man available for Senator and his nominationso important to Louisville, that hewill assist in the campaign from thebeginning to the end.MR. DAVIES' STATEMENT.Mr. W. W. Davies said: "I havebeen several times interviewed bygentlemen who wished me to supporta Progressive for United States Senator, but I have told them that I ama Democrat and am for Mr. Beckhamfor Senator and Mr. Sherley for Congress. Mr. Sherley's support of President Wilson I have strongly approved and I have. always had thegreatest admiration for Mr. Beckham.I am a Democrat and will vote in theprimary for Beckham and Sherley andin November for the same candidates." COUNTY CLERK RAY'S STATEMENT. County Clerk Pres Ray, one of themost influential politicians in theDemocratic party in Louisville, declared for Mr. Beckham in the mostemphatic term Thursday morningand expressed much gratification ofthe success of the Beckham men inenlisjting many men of prominence inthe fight. Mr. Ray said: "I think thenomination of Mr. Beckham the bestthing for the State and the best thingfor the Democratic party. His nomination will hold in our party all ofthose former Independents we havesecured by giving a good local government. I think Mr. Beckham willsweep Louisville at the primary."Mr. Ray's open declaration for Mr.Beckham created something like apanic among the few McCreary andStanley meh in the court house.As stated some weeks ago, Judge A.P. Humphrey has communicated toMr. Beckham his best wishes in thecontest and his assurance of support.County Attorney Scott Bullitt, whowas appointed Sheriff in 1907 by Mr.Beckham, also stated that he is supporting the former Governor.Judge Matt O'Doherty is an activesupporter of Mr. Beckham.Mr. Charles C. Foster is a .strongBeckham man.MR. DUGAN'S POSITION.It is said to be certain that Mr.Frank Dugan, who is everywhere recpgnized as one of the most capable organizers inside the Democratic partyin the city, will assist in organizingthe Beckham campaign. Mr. Duganis considered by many the mast thorough political organizer in Louisville,and he has hundreds of friends.BARRY FOR BECKHAM.Another stalwart Lonisville Democrat who is now an ardent advocateof Gov. Beckham is Mr. John J. Barry, who is chairman of the Fourthand Fifth Ward Committes.Mr. Barry has the record of havingnever failed to carry the Fourth andFifth wards in a contest.Mr. Barry says he intends to makethe campaign of his life for Gev.Beckham, and that he will set a newmark in the Fourth and Fifth wards.SHIPMENTS OF ARMABSORBING QUESTION.WASHINGTON, June 5. The situation confronting the Washington government with reference to shipmentsof arms to constitutionalist forces atTampico continued as the all ahsorbing subject of deliberation in official quarters.A report reached the State Department that another steamer loadedwith ammunition had cleared fromNew York for Galveston, Tex. Inasmuch as the recent order was to refuse clearances only to ammunitionshipped for Mexican ports, it wasstated there could' be no denyingclearances to ships billed to an American port. At Galveston, reportsreaching here declared, ammunitionon the ship sailing, would betrans-snipped to Tampico.CONDITION OF STATE TREASURYThe balance in the State Treasuryat the close of business May 31, according to the report of the Auditorand Treasurer made public, was$595,113.03. Outstanding warrantsamounted to $2,272,730.91. Outstanding warrants April 30 were 2,053,412.34. Now Well"Thedford's Black-Draughtis the best all-round medicinelever used," writes J. A.Steelman, of Pattonville, Texas."I suffered terribly with livertroubles, and could get no relief.The doctors said I had consumption. I could not work atall. Finally I triedand to my surprise, I got better,and am to-day as well as anyman." Thedford's BlackDraught is a general, cathartic,vegetable liver medicine, thathas been regulating irregularities of the liver, stomach andbowels, for over 70 years. Geta package today. Insist on thegenuine Thedford's. E-70ObEftgP " "Opportunity Knocks But Once atYour Door. It is Knotkin"TODAY"Now is the time to think of your next'Winter's Coal.Cheaper now than any time duringthe r. Avail yourselves now.Dodson & DentonParis, Ky.Yards, South Mam St.osto(&cs2x3es3SxecfcgPOPULAR EXCURSIONHIGH BRIDGEKENTUCKYSunday, JUNE 1475cRoundTripSCENERYRECREATIONTickets sold at GEORGETOWN good only on Special Train leaving at 10.50 am.Apply to nearest Ticket Agent, Queen & Crescent Route, for further information.H. C. KING, Passenger and Ticket Agent,101 E. Main St. Phone 49 LEXINGTON, KY.A NEAT BARBER SHOP.Mr. Carl Crawford has opened up anew and cozy barber shop at the corner of Fourth and Main streets. Newfurniture, sterilizers, hot water heaters, etc. Mr. Crawford and anothercapable "barber are in charge and areready to take care of the wnts of theparticular men. Mr. Crawford invitesall his old customers and the generalpublic to visit him in his new place.(24-tf)the Lamp Oil thatSaves EyesNothing is more important in thehome than clear, steady light. Insnrothis by Retting the oil that burnsclear and clean without a flickerdown to the last drop. Pennsylvaniacrude oil refined to perfection.Coats no more than the Inferiortankwagon oils saves MONEY savesWORK saves eyes.Your dealer has SOLITE OIL inbarrels- direct from our works.Chas. C. Stoll Oil Co.Lexington, Ky.Refinery at Warren, Pa.We sell the celebrated "No Carb"Auto Oil.! INSURANCE IAGAINSTFIRE, WINDt andLIGHTNINGW. 0. HINTON,Z AGENT.For Old. Strong, Reliable,J Prompt-Paying Companies, seeme.;SPECIAL TO WOMENThe most economical, cleansing andgermicidal of all antiseptics isA soluble Antiseptic Powder tobe dissolved in water as needed.As a medicinal antiseptic for douchesin treating catarrh, inflammation orulceration of nose, throat, and thatcaused by feminine ills it has no equalFor ten years the Lydia E. PinkhamTrledicine Co. has recommended Paxtinein their private correspondence withwomen, whicli proves its superiorityWomen who have heen cured 3a)It is "worth its weight in gold." Adruggists. 50c. large box, or by mailThe Paxton Toilet Co., Boston, Matew HUrHBIifc3gBoth Phones 14075cRoundTripMUSICCANCER CUREDI guarantee every case 1 un-dertake; 20 years practice; ref-erence, any citizen of Paris.DR. WM. R. SMITH,PariSj Ky.Spruce UpNow is the time to haveyour wearing- apparel clean-ed and put in order for 2Spring.WeDo theRight.WorkComparison will affordyou an opportunity to Jjudge.Give Us a TriakELECTRICDBY CLEANIG GO. iCihal Applegate, Proas. I627 Main St., Paris, Ky.Curtis&OverbyBusiness Men's Barber Shop,(Next to Bourbon Bank);3 - CHAIRS - 3Expert BarbersPolite AttentionHot and Cold Baths at AHoursNo Long Waits.A Share of the Public Patronage Solicited.Professional CardsDr. Wm. Kenney,PARIS, KENTUCKY.Office 514 Main Street.Office Phones S" 1?S( xiuine J.OO.( E. T. 334.KesidenceHorne334.DR. A. H KELIiEK,Practicing Physician,Offices, Rooms 4 and 5, Elk's Bid gParis - KentuckyJ J. WBLIilAMS,. ATTORNEY-AT-LAW -oom1 Elki fioildinr.al9oi&rTHE BOURBON NEWS, PARIS KENTUCKY, JUNE 9, !&14I111 g'l'iifii1laSAny roof that will last 27 yearsis well worth looking into.That's the record behindit)tinmcwtThere are thousands of houses all over the country, many ofthem in this state, from the owners of which this statementcan be verified.4 For Sale byBEST & HAWKINS, Millersbprg, Kentucky.gf3G36$eC$S$$60$CeCCese9C99s&Q0-eoV)9STRAWBERRIESThe Finest on the MarketRECEIVED DAILYALSOAll the VegetablesOf the SeasonOUR LINE OFCannedCannot BeN. A. MOORE.99Sauer's Old StandBrwTirB B ffS tj R srfi t8BaSKin BlemlshssCaused By GermsGerms cet tinder theskin or in a brokenplace, and It Is hardto eet rid of them.Pus sores or pimplesfollow.DR. BELL'SAntiseptic Salvesoon destroys these germs and keeps thetnclean and healthy until nature heals. Use it onthe face, lips, in the nose, anyw here, (or itis CLEAN. PURE AND HEALING."Tell It By The Bell"ror Sale fay All Druggists.First Popular Price Excursiun of the SeasonTo Cincinnati and ReturnJune 14, 1914,$1.50For the Round TripSpecial train leaves Paris, Ky., 8:20a- m., returning leoves CincinnatiFourth Street Station 7:00 p. m. Forfurther information call on.Low round trip Summer Touristtickets to all principal tourist pointsIn Georgia, Kentucky, North Carolina,South Carolina, Tennessee, Virginia,West Virginia, Canada, Michigan,.New York, Vermont, California, Colorado, Montana, Minnesota, Wisconsin,Washington and Oregon, on sale dailyay 15, until Sept. 30, with final return limit Oct. 31, with very liberalstop-over privileges. For further information, call on or addressJ. K. SMITH, T. A.,or "-WTH. HARRIS, Agt.m HP Isf g i 1 IP llJtf k WmH W.m Dll "B H lllly' AvMMySSHynfe r TTss2rt'l '45?aLJBMJiA1lJSPKraJy &&6 H ft -WasH Ilk i 31 W'tjMEPTrffa arnra s raiiK oTITO ,aundayand is still in good conditionSS3iSKLiM3569GoodsExcelledMHMfBfttttiWttmMMMMHiirnmRfflmtsimmmFIRST CLASS SERVICE ATFREEMAN'S BARBER SHOP.Having engaged the service of LouisLivers, an experienced barber, I amnow prepared to handle my trade andgive the most thorough satisfaction.Give me a call and be convinced.BUCK FREEMAN.The Kaiser ate with the Potsdamtroops at the "White Roll" feast, theonly day in the year when the German soldiers get wiiite 'instead ofblack bread.PLAIN TALKFrom Two Prosperous Houseswives, About Peruna.Mrs. E. T. Gaddis, of Marion,North Carolina,writes to the Peruna Co., Columbus, Ohio."Before I commenced to takePeruna I couldnot do any haidwork withoutsuffering greatpain. I took Peruna and Manalin, and can sayMrs. E. T. Gaddiswith pleasure they have done morefor me than any other medicine Ihave ever taken. Now I am as welias ever. I do all my own work .andit never hurts me at all. I thinkPeruna is a great medicine forwomankind."Mrs. Sarah Frye, No. 105 SylvanAve., Asbury Park, N. J., writes: "Ihave no words to express my gratitude for the wonderful cure thatPeruna has done for me. It is agrodsend to all suffering women. Peruna has done wonderful work forme."I .was sick over half of my lifewith, systemic catarrh. I want thisletter published far and wide, as Iwas a great sufferer, but to-day Ifeel as well as anybody can feel."Nearly all my life I have spentnearly all I could rake and. scrape fordoctors, but none of them did meany good. But since I started onyour Peruna one year ago I have atlast found relief in your wonderfulPeruna. I had begun to think that Iwas not going to get well, but thankSod I am well to-day. i"I hope and pray you may live longto help others as you have helpedme. Instead of being a walking drugstore J am growing fat and doingwell. I will never, be without Peruna.' cThoM who object to liquid mtdfc?ne cm now procure PerunaTablet.Is' -,"'' ., v, 'HON. C. M. THOMASREPLIES TO THE"- , HON. J. C.'CANTRILL.r-(Continued from Page 1.)tics and the liquor interests in his uative State, the result of which alliance has been to nullify and thwartthe will of the majority through everycorroupt agency which would sinkitself to the levql of these ends andpurposes."That is the issue involved here,and ti is because, this gentlemanknows, in view of the present election laws, and the determination ofcourts and juries to put an end to theelection practices of that alliance,the majority will be heard in thiselection and their votes will be counted, that he proclaims so. loudly hisdevotion to Democratic policies andplatform."The 'deals' to which Mr. Cantrillrefers are fabrics of his dreams, arethings wished for by him, but whichnever existed. I made no deal withthe liquor interests six years ago orfour years ago, and I am certainthere is no legislation which I promised them, and none which I gavethem.Cantrill's Prohibition Views."Mr. Cantrill announces his opposition to National prohibition, and affirms that the adoption of Nationalprohibition would disrupt 'our organizations' and turn the entire Government over into the hands of our political enemies.' It would undoubtedly , disrupt organizations such as Mr.Cantrill has for so long maintainedin Kentucky and like organizations,no doubt, in other States. And if itbe true, as Mr. Cantrill, in effect, asserts, that the Democratic party cannot live except by alliance with anddependance upon the liquor businessthe sooner that fact is ascertainedthe better."Fortunately, the contrary is true,as is evidenced by the State "of Kansas, which has a prohibition law, andin which a loyal Democrat, but astaunch defender of prohibition, defeated his Republican opponent at thelast election, the issue between thembeing whether or not the prohibitionlaw should be strictly enforced, thesuccessful Democrat favoring strictenforcement.Why Democrats Lost Tennessee."We lost Tennessee a few years agobecause we allied ourselves with theliquor interest and a combination oftemperance Democrats and Republicans enacted and put into effect themost stringent prohibition legislationknown to the country."So satisfactory have these lawsproven to be that a great Democraticconvention has just adjourned atNashville, in which the question ofstrict enforcement or non-enforcementof these laws was at issue and a Democratic ticket was nominated on aDemocratic platform pledging Democratic fealty to the prohibition andother anti-liquor laws, and that Democratic ticket will be successful before the people at the November election. "There is no doubt that prohibitionwould turn the entire Governmentover into the hands of Mr. Cantrill'spolitical enemies, if by political enemies he means those who place firstand superior to election to office thepreservation of our homes, the ending of economic waste entailed by themaintenance of "the saloon system,and the determination to preservethis government, and all of the institutions that exist under it, alongsuch lines as will serve best the intellectual and moral well being of allthe people.Thomas' Attitude Well Known."My attitude on the temperancepuestion is well known to all whoknow me personally, and to the general public through my advocacy ofthe county unit bill, and all othertemperance measures that came before the Legislature while I was amember of the State Senate."I have always been opposed tothe open saloon fpr the sale of liquoriis a beverage, and as the liquor question is one in which the people areritally interested I have always contended that they have a right to avoice in the settlement of the matter."I advocated the county unit billbecause I thought the people of acounty had a right to say whether thesale of liquor should be permitted inthe county. I am a Democrat, and oneof the fundamental doctrines of theDemocratic party is the right of thepeople to rule through their duly accredited representatives, and to settle by their votes any question whichmay "be referred to them for decision."This is, sound democratic belief,and always has been, and always willbe. The people are, and of rightshould be, the final tribunal by whichall matters of governmental policyare determined.Liquor Question Not Ltfcal."The liquor question is no longer alocal and , sectional issue. Whetherthe liquor people like it or not it is innearly every State in the Union a political question of pressing, vital andparamount importance, and will continue to be so until settled in the waythe people demand."I believe in the people, and amwilline to submit this question toJ their decision at the polls, and, therefore, if I were a member of CongressI would feel it my duty to vote forthe Hobson resolution to allow thesovereign people of this nation to decide for themslves this momentousissue, and I would do this as a Democrat who believes in the old Democratic doctrine of the right of the people to rule."As a Democrat I could not believethat I had the right to refuse to allow the people of this nation a voicein the settlement of a question whichso vitally concerns every communityin America. It is a question for thepeople of a county to settle when it isonly a county question, for the peopleof the State when it becomes a Statequestion, and for the people of thenation when it becomes a Nationalquestion. And-this question is count-jty-wide, State-wide and Nation-wide,and I stand as a Democrat for theright of tlie people to settle it, and ,jnot for a few men in Congress tojjie&ume lu settle it for them.Gave Cantrill His Support."Mr. Cantrill does me great injustice in stating that I did not support him after he defeated me fouryears ago and in the further statement that I gave support to his Republican opponent. I supported Mr.Cantrill at that time, I did not supporthis Republican opponent, and I canstate further, which Mr. Cantrill isunable to do, I have never supportedany Republican nominee, and havenever failed to support a Democraticnominee osince I was old enough tvote."Lastly, eth gentleman finds faultwith my failure to state in announcingmyself a candidate that I stand withthe President in carrying out thepledges of the Baltimore platform. Inmy case that was absolutely unnecessary. I was the President's loyalfriend and supporter when he was butthe Governor of New Jersey seekingthe Democratic nomination for President of the United States, at a timewhen Mr. Cantrill, with all of the influence and power of Congressionalplace, was ding all within his command to encompass Governor Wilson's defeat."I will be greatful for your support,and if elected to Congress I shall doall within my power to faithfullyrepresent the interests of the peopleof the Sevneth Congressional District."CLAUDE M. THOMAS."PROMINENT MEN DECLAREFOR HON. C. M. "THOMAS.HON W. C. G. HOBBS FOR MR.THOMAS.The Lexington Herald says:"The announcement of the Hon.Claude M. Thomas, of Paris, as a candidate for Congress, in opposition toCongressman J. Campbell Cantrill,appeared yesterday in the Herald, hasmet with responsive approbation froma large number of Democrats all overthe Seventh Congressional District.Hon. W. C. G. Hobbs, one of the leading Democrats of Fayette County, toa Herald reporter said:"The announcemnt of the candidacy of Senator Thomas is especiallypleasing to me and I shall give himmy hearty support. I am Tor decencyin politics and shall, if I cmi sparethe time, make a number of speechesin advocacy of Mr. Thomas' nomination." CONFEDERATE VETERANS DECLARE FOR THOMAS.The Lexington. Herald says:"I am for Claude M. Thomas forCongress," said J. Esten Keller, Confederate soldier, Thursday.An interesting war narrative of thesixties told by Mr. Keller stated withonly the Herald reporter and oneother, T. D. Young, himself a Confederate soldier, composing the listeners,but before it was concluded JacooSandusky and T. L. Cassell, both Confederate soldiers, joined in.The conversation then ' turned tothe Congressional race and a poll ofthe crowd was taken, .sll were foundto be for k9Datr Thomas."We are for Thomas because weknow he ia a clean, a1 e. conscientious man and stands for all that isbest for the community, State andnation," was the composite statementof the gathering.FOR AN IMPAIRED APPETITE.To improve the appetite and tostrengthen the digestion try a fewdoses of Chamberlain's Tablets. Mr.J. H. Seitz, of Detroit, Mich., says:"They restored my appetite when impaired, relieved me of a bloated feeling and caused a pleasant and satisfactory movement of the bowels."For sale by all dealers.(June)IWmyr r.--. - tMuch depends upon their own moralstamina, but we of mature years owea duty to them.MRS. LYON'SACHES AND PAINSHave All Gone Since TakingLydia JL Pinkham's Vegetable Compound.Terre Hill, Pa. "Kindly permit meto give you my testimonial in favor ofLydia E. Pinkham's.! Vegetable Compound. When I first! began taking it Iwas suffering fromfemale troubles forsome time and hadalmost all kinds ofaches pains in lower part of back andin sides, and pressing down pains. ' Icould not sleep andhad no appetite. Since I have takenLydia E. Pinkham's Vegetable Compound the aches and pains are all goneand I feel like a new woman. I cannotpraise your medicine too highly." Mrs.Augustus Lyon, Terre Hill, Pa.It is true that nature and a woman'swork has produced the grandest remedyfor woman's ills that the world hasever known. From the roots andherbs of the field, Lydia E. Pinkham,forty years ago, gave to womankinda remedy for their peculiar ills whichhas proved more efficacious than anyother combination of drugs ever, compounded, and today Lydia E. Pinkham'sVegetable Compound is recognizedfrom coast to coast as the standardremedy for woman's ills.In the Pinkham Laboratory at Lynn,Mass., are files containing hundreds ofthousands of 'letters from women seeking health many of them openly stateover their own signatures that they haveregained their health by taking LydiaE. Pinkham's Vegetable Compound;and in some cases that it has saved themfrom surgical operations.$3!S&vMff aft'fPfffffLumbago-SciaticaSprained Ankle"As a user of your Liniment for the last 15 years. I can say it is one of the best opthe market. Fifteen years ago I sprained my ankle and had to use crutches, andthe doctors said I would always be lame. A friend advised me to try your Linimentand after using it night and morning for three months I could walk without a caneand run as good as any of the other firemen in my department. I have never beenwithout a bottle since that time." Mr. William II. Brucoe, Central ItHp, JV. Y.LOANSLINIMENTAt all Dealers. Price 25c, 50c and $1.00Sloan's Instructive Book on horses, cattle, poultry and hogs, sent free.Address, DR. EARL S. SLOAN, Inc., BOSTON, MASS.Safe InvestmentTwinGives advice to all the people of Parisand Bourbon County to invest their moneyinClothing, Shoes,Hats, Caps,Underwear, Etc.They will give you one hundred cents onthe dollar on your merchandise investmentCall in and see them. ' .?L. WOLLSTE1N, Prop.KENTUCKYWLettuce Realizes .Big Sum.Paducah By actual figures growershere have shown that every acre oflettuce in the county associationDrought in ?2,000 this year. Thegrowers averaged 105,600 plants to anacre and the plants weigh a halfpound on an average.' The lettucebrought 5 and 6 cents per pound andthe growers base their profit on an 80per cent, yield, which is conservative. The lettuce was sold in Detroit.Few Are Illiterate.Carlisle Miss Lida E. Gardner,Superintendent of Nicholas CountySchools, reported the school census ofNicholas County as follows: Thereare a total of 2,912 children, of which1,362 are white males, 1,338 whitefemales, 114 colored males and 9S colored females. There is a decrease ofnine from last year, when there were2,910 children of school age. In theentire county there are only twentyeight white and nineteen colored children that are illiterate.War On Liquor.Henderson An election under thenew liquor law will be held in Henderson in September. Simultaneously, an election will be held in Daviess, JChristian and McCracken counties.;Official announcement to this effect!was made by C. E. Sugg, who led thefight for the "dry" forces a year ago.The circulation of petitions will, beginabout June 15. A campaign managerwill be selected shortly.Good Roads Meeting.Whitesburg The Hon. Joe M. Kendall spoke to a big, representativecrowd of Letcher people at the courthouse one day this week on goodroads, after which a Good Roads Clubwas organized, with Judge Henry T.Day, President; I. N. Lewis, James P.Lewis and Madison A. Dunlap, vicepresidents; Lewis Harvie, secretary.McDowell for Commissioner.Lexington Central Kentucky horsemen are urging Governor McCreary toappoint Colonel Thomas C. McDowella member of the Kentucky State Racing Commission in place of JohnsonN. Camden, whom the Governor recently announced he had decided toappoint to the vacancy of UnitedStates Senator caused by the deathof the late Senator Bradley.Cyclone at Hartford.Hartford The residence of Jack"Brown, near Rockport, -vvas demolished, and 'Lionel Brown, his son, instantly killed' during a heavy wind.1 ... "Sprains"The directions seys, its good forlumbago too, Sloans cured myrheumatism; I've used it and Iknow." Do you use Sloan's?Here's Proof."I had my back hurt in the Boer Warand two years ago I was hit by a streetcar. I tried all kinds of dope withoutsuccess. I saw your Liniment in a drugstore and got a bottle to try. The firstapplication caused instant relief, and nowexcept for a little stiffness, I am almostVeil. Fletcher Gorman, JFhutier, Calif.Instant Relief ivnm Sciatica" I was kept in bed with sciatica sincethe first of February, but I had almost instant relief when I tried your Liniment."fT. H. Hawkins, Frankfort, Ky,storm which struck that section. Thehome was uncompleted and was situated on a hillside. Mrs. Brown anda smaller son were also badly injured.The building was torn to pieces bythe wind and the occupants werecaught in the debris. Mr. Brownwas absent.Negro School FoundedHopkinsville Announcement in:made that under the auspices of theWoman's Christian Missionary 'Boardof Indianapolis, which has charge ofnegro uplift work for the Disciplesdenomination in the United States, alarge industrial school for negroeswill be located in Christian County,eight miles from Hopkinsville. It willbe modeled after Booker T. Washington's Tuskegee Institute and willteach trades, agriculture, dairying,etc., to boys, arid, domestic science.,to negro girls.County Attorney Named.Maysville City Attorney W. H7-.Rees has been appointed County At- -torneyof Mason County to succeed'Thos. D. Slattery, recently appointedUnited States Attorney for tie Eastern District of Kentucky. Mr. Reeswill serve until the next primary election, when hewill be a candidate foethe office.Camp Site Is Approved.Frankfort Acting Adjutant General"from the War Department at Wash-fro mthe War Department at Washington approving the camp site atFort Springs for the encampment ofthe Kentucky National Guard to beheld from July 1 to 10. The Twentyninth Infantry, U. S. A., will encampwith the Kentucky boys.Moonshine Raid.Hazard Deputy Collector John N.Francis and a posse made a moonshine raid in Leslie County. Threemoonshine stills were destroyed, witha large amount of whisky and beer.-. 8"meanest thief on record"in Mccracken county.The meanest thief on record hasbeen found. C. A. Lindsay, of Mechanicsburg, was awakened by &noise in the back yard. He lookedout and in the moonlight saw twomen milking his two cows. ConstableShelton lives next door and Lindsaydashed out, calling the Constable ashe ran. The milkers picked up theirwell-filled pails and fled, Sheltonpursued, and fired twice in the air:At the first shot one of the milkstealers halted and fell, pulling themilk pail on top of him and tkeother in the scramble to get him. up,spilled all of his. Shelton couldm'tcatch them after that, but he rotasthem worse than "cradle Tobfcers."Bros- VWHWjfty towhwp mi mEsprit VJ5. "j t - y vffv -"a' WWfcJl.w? '" ""fTHE BOURBON NEWS, PARIS, KY., JUNE ,9 1914VVttri.n! il-fciI tIfm--jiI:. l . JfciZflfr'Yn53'&A0U... LJfc .. "vri i 'iv. imviic"iMffltoM"ssw-nWj'SSiHBi';i ,jJHHKV3v VSS3T" trmmr s- jbtbk vyssa r rz ntHave YOU got money in our bank to protect yourLITTLE ONES and your WIFE from want?Make OUR bank YOUR bankWe pay 3 per cent, interest on Savings.DEPOSIT BANK OF PARIS.Capital, SiQO.QQO.OO.J. M. HALL. PresidentANNOUNCEMENTS."We are authorized to annouace Hon.C- M. Thomas as a' candidate for theDemocratic nomination for Congressman at the August primary, to belield in this county on Saturday,August 1, 1914.CHILDREN, FLOWERS AND MUSICMARK CHILDRENS' DAY.A large audience filled the auditorium of the Christian Church Sundaymorning, where happy children, beautiful flowers and sweet music combined to make up an entertainingand interesting program.The primary and intermediateclasses marched from the parlors,through the Sunday School room intothe main auditorium, to the music of"Onward, Christian Soldiers," playedby organ and violin. After prayer bythe pastor, Rev. W. E. Ellis, the following program, under the directionof Mr. A. L. Boatright and Mrs. Lizzie Walker, was well rendered:Song, "Fling Out the Banner"School.Greetings By the twin sisters,Ruby and Ruth Lovel.Recitation, "Bright and ShiningLights" Beginners.Song, "Jesus Bids Us Shine" Beginners. Recitation. "Don't You Know? orDon't You Care?" Caroline Wilmothand Anna May Young.Song, "Prayer for Japan," (tuneAmerica) School.Recitation, "Child Widows Worshiping" Lillian Day, KatherineWallingford and four little girls.Song, "Worship the King" School.Recitation, "Appeal for Life andLight" Large girls.Song, "Go Forth With the Gospel"Large girls.Recitation, "The Little Missionary"Frances Clark.Song, "Here Am I, Send Me"Misses Eeveman and Boatright andschool.Recitation, "The Little Brown Girland I" Josephine and Ann ThomasEwalt.Song, "Little Hands" Children.Recitation, "Missions and Minding"Vivian Wallingford and EvalineKenton.Song, "Flag of the Slver Cross"Boys and Girls.Recitation; "How Can You Help."Offering.Song, "As Goes America" School.Two hundred dollars, -the amountapportioned the Paris school by theboard of foreign missions, waseasily raised, 172 being contributed"by the classes.In. response to the exhortation andinvitation, four ooys and two girlscame farward to unite with thechurch. These were A. T. Rice, VailBaldwin, Preston Bales, Lane Lusk,Mainie Baldwin and Lois Squires.Mr. W. O. Hinton, superintendentof the school, presided, and at theconclusion of the program introducedHr. Hosanna, a Perisan, who statedthat he was an example of the workof foreign missions, being a convertto Christianity through the preachingof missionaries. Mr. Hssanna is atraveling business man and speaks and-writes six different languages. Hesang a song in his native language-with expession and in a beautifulmodulated voice.NOTICE TO STOCKMEN.List your stock in M. J. Murphy'smonthly combination sales. Plenty ofbyers always on hand. We can sellyour horses, mules, ponies, cows, cattle, hogssheep and poultry at goodprices. Next sale will be held on Monday, July G, county court day..X21ap-tf)PARIS WINS FROM MONTEREY IN BALL GAME.The Paris team of the SundaySchool League shut out the Montereyteam Saturday afternoon by a scoreof 6 to 0 in a well played game. Curtis.and Lykins occupied the pitching andreceiving ends for the local team.BOATING PARTIES.We can handle parties of any size.Steel launch and row boats. Donlt-forget thees moonlight nights.CHD?PEWA BOAT CLUB,m. T. Pbone,55. . M. B. JACKSON.$ ' V"$TEJttnrrrr.rmrvrIULEVtMAN"KNOWSTS9m"s DUirW.m WFE AND' SNiCi -. ,. rr , . Mtirsrai c(ttivKNX v-v ,Surplus, $40,000.00.C. K. THOMAS. CashierCOUNTY BOARD O FEDUCATIONELECTS NEW TEACHERS.The following teachers were elected by the County Board of Educationat a meeting held Saturday afternoonin the office of County Superintendentof Schools Mabel Robbins, for thecoming school year:Centerville, Miss Nannette Wallingford; Houston, Miss Virginia Crutcher; Clay's Cross Roads, Miss SusieClay, principal, Miss Anna Burns, assistant; Palmer, Miss Amanda Rummans; Kiserton, Miss Ira Oder; Shawhan, Miss Nora Houston; Eals, MissLena Houston; Millersburg, Missi Dru-sie Elliott, principal, Misses NannieClarke and Kizzie Mae McDaniel, assistants; Tarr, Miss Margaret Lenihan; Deaver, Miss Mae Shannon;Letton, Miss Hazel Kerr; Burris,Miss Margaret Minogue; North Middletown, Miss Alma Rice; Redmon,Miss Gerftrude Bramel; Stony Point,Miss Belva Hill; Cunningham, MissMattie Neal; Clintonville, Mr. R. H.Ellett; Bethlehem, Miss Nancy Sons;Dudley , Mrs. Hallie C. Ardery;Hutchison, Mrs. L. H. Pryor; Monterey, Miss Lola Gray.Colored Austerlitz, Albert Coleman; Brentsville, Anna Roberts;Ruckeryille, George H. Johnson, prin-' cipal, Mary E. Gaines, assistant;Ruddles Mills, Willa F. Martin; Millersburg, Lizzie F. Bowen, principal,Mary Sue Mason, assistant; LittleRock, Mary Lou Davis, principal,Maggie L. Freeman, assistant; North iMiddletown, Howard Buckner, principal, Blanche Martyn, assistant; Clintonville, W. H. Robinson; Siddville, 'Mollie C. Carter; Clays ville, NettieH. Grant; Amentsville, Lena B. Hickman; Monterey, Anna J. Stanley.COMMENCEMENT EXERCISESOF THE MOREHEAD SCHOOL.A large and well pleased audiencewas present Friday evening at thecommencement exercises of the Morehead School of Music.Mrs. Morehead is the director ofthe instrumental department, whileProf. Morehead teaches vocal music.The program was a charming com"bination of the two branches, and wasenjoyed by the audience.Miss Eva Chappel and Mr. GeorgeWhite Fithian were awarded the medals offered by Mrs. Morehead for diligence and proficiency in studies, Rev.B. M. Shive making the presentationaddress. Each number on the program was well received, but perhapsthe rendering of the little song, "Together," by Mrs. Frank Fithian, wasthe feature of the evening. The wordsof this exquisite little poem werewritten by Frank M. Stanton, andthey have been set to music composedby Prof. Morehead.t a HFMnRiri wnRPQ aBIG AWNING CON-RAPTBIG AWNING CON , RACT.! aiv rp A !!,,., - T . ,Mr. T. A. Hendricks, of Lexington,representing the Walger New ModelAwning, was on Thursday awardedthe contract for placing awnings onthe new Fayette National Bank building. Mr. Hendricks is to be congratulat-! ed on securing this order, which wasplaced only after a careful and thorough investigation of various awnings.The Wagler Awning is used on manyof the largest buildings throughoutthe country, among them being theUnion Central Life Insurance building in Cincinnati."Some of the attractive features ofthis awning are simplicity of operaation, absence of parts liable to getout of order, no inconvenience in raising or lowering; it may be stored insmall space in 'winter, no receses orfolds can form and collect soot; admits fresh air all the time; abosolutely stormproof and rustproof; maybe used as an inside shade during thewinter.Mr. Hndricks has for some tenyears been local representative ofthe Higgin Mfg. Co., makers of "window screens, weather strips and window ventilators, but it is only recently that he had entered the awningbusiness, and the fact that he madeno mistake in the house he repreresents. Mr. Hendricks is a hustler, and hasfurnished nearly every new home inParis with screens., and is now goingafter the awning trade. Lstvhini figure with you. , a&7-ltRELIGIOUSBorn, to the wife of Mr. HenryMay, at the Massie Memorial Hospitl yesterday, a daughter.As Moderator and Representative of the Synod of Kentucky, Rev.an address this evening at the Hopkinsville Presbyterian Church. Theoccasion is the centennial celebrationof the Hopkinsville PresbyterianChurch.LFriends and relatives in this cityhave received the following announcement cards:Mr. and Mrs. R. S. Thompsonannounce the marriage of their daughter Mary BonitatoMr. Jack Wheatleyon Thursday, the fourth day of Junenineteen hundred and fourteenAmarillo, Texas.At HomeAfter July firstAmarillo,Friends and relatives in this cityand county have received cards announcing the marriage of sMr. JamesA. McCoy to Mrs. Martha Green Isgrigg which took place in Des Moines,Iowa, on Thursday afernoon, May 28.They will be at home to their friendsat the Snydrehof Hotel, in KansasCity, Mo., where they will reside.The bride is a daughter of the lateRobt. Green, of this county, and is asister of Mrs. Hamlet Sharpe, ofMaysville. Mrs. McCoy was a nativeof- Paris, and resided here until a fewyears ago.HOWARD TOBIN.Rev. Father Eugene DeBruyn performed the marriage ceremony thatunited Miss Elizabeth Howard andMr. Thomas Tobin, both of Paris, atthe Catholic parsonage, Thursdayevening.ANNOUNCEMENT.The engagement of Miss BessieTribble, of Madison County, to Mr.Vernon Leer, of Paris', is announced.The prospective groom is a son ofMrs. Monroe Leer, of Bourbon County, and a brother of Mrs. Ben. F.Buckley, of the Centerville precinct.AITKEN POGUE.Miss Eva Aitken, an attractiveyoung woman of Atlanta, Ga., and Mr.Albert A. Pogue, an attache of theLouisville & Nashville engineeringcorps, with headquarters in this city,were married at the home of thebride's sister, Mrs. Chas. Marcum, inAtlanta. They have taken rooms forthe present with Mrs. Mary E. Redmon, on Higgins Avenue.S.Born, on Sunday, to the wife ofJCapt. Robt. Lusk, of the L. & N., attheir home on Stoner Avenue, a son.ANDRRSON.Mrs. Dovey Blythe Anderson, G8years old, died at St. Joseph's Hospital, Lexington ,Friday afternoon at 4o'clock of heart trouble after a illnessof several months. Besides her sis-J ter, Mrs. W. E. Simms, of Paris, she issurvived by one son, James BlytheAnderson.Mrs. Anderson Hved in Lexingtonpractically all her life. She was thewidow of Joseph C. Anderson, whodied in 1891, and the daughter of Col.James Blythe, a Civil War veteran.Funeral services were held fromthe residence Saturday morning at 10o'clock, Rev. Edwin Muller, pastor ofthe First Presbyterian Church officiating. Burial took place in the familylot in the Lexington cemetery.NEGRO CONSTRUCTION HANDDROWNED IN STONER CREEK.While in bathing at a point- belowthe mouth of Kennedy's Creek, Sunday morning, Jett May, a nineteenyear old colored boy, waded beyondhis depth, and was drowned beforeassistance could come from hisi companions.Searching parties were organizeduncier direction of Coroner RudolphDavis who had been notified, andJ search with .grappling hooks wasLlfl(,0 fo fll1 rMay was in the employ of Contractor Nunnelly, of the Louisville &Nashville construction force, andcame from Clarksville, Tenn.'Efforts to locate the body of thedrowned man were continued all dayand last night by searching parties,under the personal supervision of Coroner Rudolph Davis and Superintendent Newton Mitchell, of the Paris Water Company. The search will be continued until the body is found.PORCH SHADESWe sell the beautiful and serviceable "No Whip" Porch Shades. Theywill please you.A. F. WHEELER & CO.(5-tf) -W. C. T. U. WILL OB-, SERVE FLOWER MISSION.Arrangements for the annual Juneobservance of Flower Mission Daywere perfected by the local W. C. T.U. at a Meeting hed yesterday afternoon. The Millersburg and Paris Unions will join in the obsrvanc0 Pidcommittees from each will go' to theCounty Infirmary at 10:30 tuis morning, where a luncheon will be servedto the inmates. At 1:30 p. m. Eld. C.O. .Cossaboora, of Millersburg, willconduct the services in which .boththe Unions will participate.MARINBRTHDEATHSSOGIALLMrs. John Doty has returnedfrom a visit to relatives in Sharpsburg. Mr. Arthur B. Hancock has returned from a trop to Charlottsville,W. Va.Mrs. Sidney G. Clay left thismorning for a stay at French LickSprings.Mrs. C. J. Clarke has returnedfrom a visit to Mrs. Patsie Kohlass,in Winchester.Mrs. UK Howard, of Covington,arrived last night to be the guest ofher mother, Mrs. Belle Alexander.Mr. O. P. Carter, Sr., of Indianapoils, Ind., is visiting his son, Mr. O.P. Carter, Jr., and family in EastParis.Mr. and Mrs. R. P. Thomas, of Mt.Sterling, are guests of Mrs. Wm.Swearengen, at the home of Mr. Geo.W. Davis.Miss Kathryn Taylor, of Carlisle,is a guest of Mr. and Mrs. C. L. Long,near Paris, and Mr. and Mrs. Ed.Rule, in White Addition, this city.Mrs. W. W. Judy, who has beenvisiting relatives in Arkansas City,Kansas, will arrive home this week.Mrs. Margaret Bean, of Paris,was a guest of Miss Sidney White, inDanville, last week during -the commencement exercises.Mrs. William Bruce, of Winchester, who has been under medicaltreatment in this city, has returnedhome, greatly improved.Mrs. W. E. Simms and daughter,Miss Lucy Simms, will leave Sundayfor a trip abroad in company withMr. and Mrs. Edward Simms.Mrs. Kate Mattox has returned toher home in this city after a visit ofseveral weeks to her daughter, Mrs.Wm. Daugherty, in Richmond.The Misses Jordan, attractiveyoung ladies of Hawkinsville, Ga., willarrived Thursady to be guests of Mr.and Mrs. Wm. G. McClintock.Mrs. Fannibelle Sutherland andMrs. Thos. Henry Clay, Jr., have goneto Chicoga as delegates to the General Federation of Women's Clubs, insession there.Mr. and Mrs. Woodford Danielare in Missouri where the former haslarge grass seed interests. Mrs. Daniels will visit relatives in Mexico andLiberty, Mb.Mr. Edgar Vansant, who has beenattending the Shenandoah MilitaryAcademy, has returned to spend thesummer vacaUon here with his parents, Dr. and Mrs. J. T. Vansant.Dr. W. C. Ussery, William Shire,Rudolph Davis and Swift Champ motored to Lexington, Sunday, to witness the double-header game betweenLexington and Huntington.Mr. Thos. Estes, who was injured by a fall from a scaffold on whichhe was working, was removed to hishome on Houston Avenue from theMassie Memorial Hospital, Saturday.Mrs. Henry Judy and babe, whohave been the guest of relatives inthis city and county, have returnedto their home in Kokomo, Ind., accompanied by her sister, Mrs. DorcasUssery.Mrs. H. M. Hamilton, wife of Dr.H. M. Hamilton, the veterinarian, isvisiting at her old home in Yorkville,Ind. Her sister, Miss Gladys Overmier, who has been her guest here,accompanied her.Mrs. M. G. Thomson, who has sosuccessfully conducted ' Bourbon College in this city for several years, leftyesterday for Lexington, where shewill take the position of lady principal in Hamilton College.Prof, and Mrs. R. H. Aldermanand little boy, of Barboursville, W.Va., were guests this week of the latter's sister and brother, Mrs. MattiePayne, and Mr. L. B. Bayne, and Mr.L. B. Purnell. They were en route toFlorida.Mr. and Mrs. Milton C. Browning,of Cleveland, O., who have been visiting the latter's' brother, Dr. LouisFrank, and Mrs. Frank, 'in Louisville,returned to Paris, Friday, for avisit before returning to their Cleveland home.Mrs. George B. Leeds and son,Charles, who have been guests of herfather, Mr. W. H. Whaley, Sr., havereturned to their home at Camp Nelson, accompanied by Miss ElmaLeeds, who has been attending theParis High School.Mrs. George Alexander has returned from Cincinnati, from whichplace her. daughters, Misses Marionand Elizabeth. Clay Alexander, whohave -been attending school there,went to New York City to visit theiraunt, Mrs. Oscar Taylor.The Harrodsburg Herald says:"The friends here of Mrs. WilliamCooper, of Paris, who was Miss Jessica Litsey, of this city, will be gladto know that, she is improving nicelyafter critical illness, and will soon beable to return fromithe hospital toher home."The Courier-Journal says: "Mr. andMrs. A. J. Carroll and Mis sKate Alexander, of Paris, and Mr. and Mrs.Carroll's nieces, Misses Sallie Alexander and Carrie Alexander, willleave June 14 to psend: the summer at Mr. and Mrs. Carroll's summer home in Bass Rock, Mass.Mr. Chas. E. Butler, Sr., has returned from the Jewish Hospital, inCincinnati, where he has been undermedical treatment for injuries received by stepping in a hole on Second Street. Mr. Butler is greatly improved and able to be at his place ofbusiness.Other Personals on Page 5.)POPULAR EXCURSIONTO MAMMOTH CAVE- Monday, June 15. An all expensethref1 days tour to Mammoth Cave bythe ladies of the Presbyterian churchtor $12.50. Apply to Mrs. J. FrankClay or Miss Mamie Spears for assignment of rooms at the Cave ariditinerary giving details of the trip.You are cordially invited to, go withus in our special coach. Those out inthe county will pleaso write "or phonefor Darticulars. - ,r (may22-2G-29-jun'c5-9) kANDPERSONArwmwmmmwmwmmmi...We Are Now Showing...The newest and smartest Pumps in Patent,Dull Kid and Gun Metal, in Colonial andBulgarian styles, with the new Louis and SpoolHeels.Also Baby Doll Pumps in Patent and GunMetal. Come to us to be fitted.Geo. McI Phones 301HEATRIGAL.Columbia Theatre To-day."The Characters of Society," a tworeel Broncho darma, and a comedyreel entitled, "He Who Laughs Last."Columbia Tomorrow."The Belles Austi," 2 parts (Domino) Jose, son of wealthy plantationowner, Don Luis, gambles. Pedro,who keeps a gambling hall, and Paquita, a pretty dancing girl, plan toensnare him. Jose owes them money.They demand payment, but Don Luiswill not give money. Jose is etrothed to Mercedes, the daughter of DonRafel. A new mission is being builtat Austi. Jose promises to pay hisdebts on a certain night and mhen hedoes not meet Pedro, the latter goesto his home and sees Don Luis secreting his money in a desk. Later heis in the act of taking the moneyJose, hearing a noise, comes andmakes Pedro give up the money andalso the I O U's. Pedro then makeshis getaway. Don Luis comes uponthe scene and mistaking his son fora burglar shoots him; when he discovers the I O TJ's in Jose's hand hethinks that Jose wasi attempting torob him.. Pedro flees with Paquitaand becomes the head of a banditoutfit who are informed of a cavernwith rich furnishings for the newmansion. They capture this, but onepriest e'scapes and informs the Padrein charge of the mission. He callsthe people together and with Donl.uis aL the head, they capture thebandits, and Pedro is wounded.Dying, he asks for Don Luis andMercedes, who upon the death of herlover, has become a sister. To themhe confesses his part in the killing ofJose and thus the name of Jose isclearedf rom the stain.Another reel will be shown, "ARural Demon," a Keystone comedyscream.The Alamo To-night.This afternoon and night will beshown at the Alamo, AugustusThomas' great film production of Eugene Walter's famous play, "Paid InFull." This film was made by theAll-Star Feature Company, with theoriginal Broadway casi, under the personal direction of Augustus Thomas.The play itself ran for five seasons, afinancial and theatrical success, andits merit, made the wholecountry situp and take notice. "Paid In Full," asproduced in motion picture play, losesnone of the gripping interest of thestage production, and so earnest, sointense, so powerful is the impressionmade upon the audiences that theycan hardly realize that it is only themotion picture they are witnessing,and not the solid structure of theplay. The plot treats of the noblesacrifice of a wife to save her husband from prison as the result of hisspeculations from his employer; thescheming of Capt. Williams, the oldtrader and mariner, whose life hasbeen a series of brutalities; JoeBrooks, his clerk, whose wife, Emma,Jimsy Smith, dock seperintendent ofthe Captain's steamship company,and Joe's rival, figure stronglythroughout the action. The play carries features far too diversified andtoo complex to be treated in an ordinary press notice; and the best thingto do is to go to the Alamo Theatreto-day and witness what is withoutdoubt the strongest, the most thrilling and he most meritous productionof one of the greatest stage plays ofthe decade. The story is told in fivereels, each one of intensely grippinginterest. To-day, matinee and evening. Go early. You will come outwith an exalted opinion of this thegreatest picture story of 1914. ' (adv.)IMPROVEMENTS AT THE ALAMO.The Alamo, one of the prettiest little picture show houses in the South,will greatly improve its already goodservice this week by adding anotherPicture machine, making two machines that will be used on the samepicture, which will do away with, the"wait a minute for the change ofreel" feature, one reel fading away into the other, doing away with tho waitfor the change. The machine is nowbeing installed and will, be ready foruse some, time later in the week.Commencing to-day they will begin torun four reels of pictures instead ofthree, as has beenthe custom. MissHall, the pianist, is receiving new music every week direct from the Dub-lishing house,, which will bo given- tothe public in her inimitable style. --iWilliams,The Shoe VI an 1SUIT BROUGHT AGAINSTSTATE BANKING COMMISSION.Suit for the delivery of notes andother collateral held by him as security for a loan of $37,500 made to theGeo. Alexander Bank, has been filedin Bourbon Circuit Court by Mr. N.Kriener through his attorney, Hon. E.M. Dickson. The petition alleges thatthese notes and papers, which hadbeen deposited in Mr. Kriener's private box in the bank, had remainedthere until a short time ago, whenthey were removed by some one otherthan Mr. Kriener or anyone acting ashis agent.FOR THE SWEETGIRL GRADUATENo matter what you buy for theyoung girl graduate, if it comes from.Winters' she will be pleased.(19-tf)PORCH SHADES.We sell the beautiful and serviceable "No Whip" Porch Shades. Theywill please you.(5-tf) A. F. WHEELER CO.NOTICE.HAMILTON PUND BENEFICIARIESThe beneficiaries of the HamiltonFund are requested to meet the commissioners in the county court room at9:30 o'clock, Wednesday June-10.Each beneficiary must bring her report card and expense account.New applicants for the fund willplease meet the commissioners at$10:30o'clock on the same day at the 'sameplace. g.-. m fVvbteMjMRS. R. B. HUTCHCRAFT,MRS. JOHN CONNELL,MRS. W. D. McINTYRE.(6je-2t)For Sale,A Folding Bed, Book Case, SideBoard, Moores Air-Tight Heater,(large size.)AIRS. MARGARET McDERMOTT.East Tenn. 'Phone 719. (5-3t)Automobile For Sale.Maxwell Mercury Roadster. 30 h. p.,.110 inch wheel base, No. 1 condition.Cheap if sold at once.DR. H. M. HAMILTON,(2-3t) Paris, JCy.Notice to SwimmersAll persons are hereby warnedagainst going in swimming in eitherStoner or Houston Creek without firstattiring themselves in a suitable bathing suit.All persons caught swimming without being suitably clothed will beplaced under arrest and prosecuted.W. F. LINK,(29may-tf) Chief of Police.NOTICEHaving sold my interest in the Millersburg Coal & Lumber Co., Millersburg, Ky., to Messrs. W. A. Butlerand Alex. S. Miller, and purchased aninterest in the Bourbon Lumber Co.,of Paris, and expecting to locate inthat city in the near future, I want toask all persons indebted to the Millersburg Coal & Lumber Co. for purchases made prior to April 17, to calland settle said indebtedness promptly. The amount of your account canhe found at the office of the BourbonLumber Co., or with myself at thooffice of the Bourbon Lumber Co., atParis.I take this opportunity to thanktho patrons of the Millersburg Coal& Lumber Co., and all those who havepatronized me so liberally during theyears I have conducted a public business in Millersburg, and to ask thesameliberal patronage feu; the remaining members of the firm.w Yours sincerely25-2t ' X..PBALE UOLLdJEK.'f..V rlR li Jl f ?THE B0URB9N NEWS, PARIS, KENTUCRY, JUNE 9 :1914,. , " igifafc, pflfilliL ANQPERSONALA has the bestHAS THE BESTOF ALL LINES MADEOHIO SEED-MAN HERELOOKING FOR STRIPPER'S.Tobacco Insuranceagainst hailRoxie Davis.Mr. W. B. Elli, a prominent seeddealer of Washington C: H., Ohio, isin Paris. SPPlrinP" fr rnnlra nrrotio-o.Mrs. David Alexander fe visiting hnents for harvAsHne- a. hip- nmn nffriends in Louisville, Henderson and tfWpxnos sppri in hi -irfnfnitv . nEvansvlle. purchase the strippers for gathering:Mrs. Chas. Thomas and daughter i the seed.have returned from a visit to relatives'STAND THE RUB AND THE TUB.3Jin Carlisle.Zbtt Mrs. Willie Parris is under medi-cal treatment at the Holmes Hospital,COMFORTABLE SUMMER SUITSCoolThat are really comfortable.Palm Beach and Linen Suitsto ?10.J. .W. DAVIS & CO.RASPEERRIES, RASPBERRIES.We have the first of the season.Also' nice lot of Pineapples.C. P. COOK & CO.HEALTH AND WELFARELEAGUE TO HOLD MEETING.The Health and Welfare League willbold a meeting at Elks' Hall Thursdayafternoon at 4 o'clock. The new visiting nurse, Miss Minaker, who arrived here Monday to take charge of thework, will be present. It is earnestlyrequested that all members be present.GRASS SEED STRIPPERS WANTEDWanted, immediately, to communicate with party equipped to strip bluegrass seed. Large acreage in Southern Ohio, or will buy or lease tenstripper. See E. A. Ellies to-day atWindsor Hotel. 9-ltSEE CLOSING! OUT SPECIALSWINDOWS.INSee Lambert's windowsclosing out specials.for daily(9-2t)GLAD WE'RE SO MODEST!Editor Jim Allen, in the CynthianaDemocrat, says: "Mr. W. A. Hill, forsome time connected with the mechanical department of the BourbonNews, has been promoted to the cityeditorship of that execllent publication. 'Billy' has a beautiful 'nose fornews,' is a verstile and entertainingwriter and will make the paper allthe better for his promotion."Mr. Ellis has a crop of about 10,000j bushels on a tract of 1,000 acres. Theseason there is from ,six to eight dayslater than in Kentucky, the seed ripening slower. He visited a numberof representative seed dealers hereyesterday, and interviewed severalgrowers who are now gathering largecrops of the seed on Bourbon Countyfarms. Mr. Ellis also consulted afirm who manufacture strippers, andif he does not succeed in making asatisfactory contract for harvestinghis crop, he will purchase strippersand import a' squad of experiencedhands from Bourbon County fields totake care of the crop on his holdings.He is registered at the Windsor Hotelwhere he will be for a few days.REDUCED PRICES ON MILLINERY.All millinery at greatly reducedprices for the next two weeks forCASH. Nothing charged during thiscol p5-4t MRS. CORNE W. BAIRD.METHODIST CHURCH AUDITORIUM BEING REPLASTERED.The walls and ceiling of the Methodist church auditorium are being replastered. For some time the plastering has been falling and it was deemed best to go over the entire room.REDUCED PRICES ON MILLINERY.All millinery at greatly reducedprices for the next two weeks forCA'SH. Nothing charged during thisSll65-4t ' MRS. CORNE W. BAIRD.-THE HAPPIEST PERIODThe happiest period in the life of aboy or girl is when they graduate.They expect gifts from their friends.Winters has the gifts that will please.If in' doubt what to get let Winterssuggest. , (19-tf)..EELOW COST AT LAMBERT'SGlassware at the beginning of "theseason below cost at Lambert's. 2tDROUTH IS BROKEN BYTHE HEAVY RAINS.Heavy rains througout Central andEastern Kentucky broke one of themost severe early summer drouths inmany years.The rain was general all over thissection and great good has been done.In some places, however, the streamsare up, and some loss to property hasbeen caused.The rain came in time to prevntserious loss to the crops, and the tobacco growers, especially, are rejoicing.DR. RICHARD CLARK GOESTO CALIFORNIA ARMY POST.Dr. Richard Clark, of Paris, whorecently received an appointemnt asdental surgeon in the United StatesArmy, has been assigned to duty atFort Winfield Scott, California, andleft last week to take up his duties."Tal" Clark is a young man of suoerior attainments, who graduatedwith high honors at the Ohio DentalCollege, in Cincinnati. He has a hostof warm friends here who wish him along and useful carrer in his profession.BARGAINS AT SPECIAL HOURS.Extra special hour sales every dayat 9 a. m. and 3 p. m. at Lambert's.EXPERT ACCOUNTANT ATWORK ON BANK'S BOOKS.Work of auditing and examining thebooks of the defunct George Alexander & Co. State Bank, began Saturdayunder the personal direction of Mr.Edward Snyder, a well-known accountant of Louisville. Mr. Snyderis employed by the State BankingCommission, and will make a thorough and searching investigation ofthe affairs of the institution. It ishoped that it will not be long beforea definite and an authoritive statement will be made by the accountant.HIGH CROWN STRAW HATS'And Panamas, are the latest forwear right now. We just received anew shipment Saturday $2 to $7.50.J. W. DAVIS & CO..SALE COMMENCES THURSDAY..The Lambert & Co.'s closing outsale commences Thursday morning.BOURBON HORSEMEN AREPREPARING FOR 1914 SHOWSWilliam Collins is fitting up a goodstable of horses for his firm, John T.Collins & Son, of North Middletown,tliat will be shown in the Kentuckycircuit this season. Among the olderdivision he will have the four-ear-oldgaited mare, Orinna, and, she isas good a show mare as the trottingbroodmare of tho same name.Auto Be King, the high-class tree-year-oldstallion, owned by W. C. Massie, of Paris, and destined to be thehead of the breeding farm of Mr.Massie, has been sent to Billy Shropshire to be prepared for the 1914shows. The colt has been Sen agood "perparatory course' by Robt.Shropshire, elder brother of the wizard from Winchester" and is said tobe ready for the final, fitting or finishing touches.TO' iCLOSE OUT IN CO-DAYS.Iin CincinnatiMrs. Edith Bronston has returnedfrom a visit of several weeks withfriends in Missouri.Miss Ruth Morgan, of Nashville,Tenn., is a guest of Miss Belle Horton, and other friendss ,t Mt. and- Mrs. Houston Rion wereguests of Mr. and Mrs. Frank Wright,in Winchester, Sunday.Mr." and Mrs. Curtis Henry wereguests of Mr. and Mrs. H. C. Henry,in Winchester, lastweek.Mr. and Mrs. J. W. Bacon havereturned from a visit to' Mr. and Mrs.Henry Berhman, in Newport.Mr. John Harris Clay has returned from Pottstown, Pa., where he hasbeen attending the high school.Dr. John S. Sweeney and wife, ofChicago, are visiting his mother, Mrs.J. S. Sweeney, on Higgins Avenue.Messrs. Charles and EdwardSpears are at home from Culver, 111.,where fhey have been attendingschool.Mrs. C. T. Hough and Misses Lillie Hough and Nellie Hocker have returned from a winter's stay at Tampa,Florida.Mrs. Cyril Goodman, of Cairo,Egypt, daughter of the late Hon. C.M. Clay, is visiting Bourbon relativesand friends.Mr. John Tanner, a well-knownretired farmer residing at Spears'Mill, is at the Massie Memorial Hospital for treatment.Miss Anna Jefferson Sharp, ' hasreturned to her home in Sharpsburg,after a visit of several weeks to Mr.and Mrs. J. C. Elgin, Sr.Messrs. Duke Brown .and Raymond Booth, who have been attendingthe University of Virginia, are athome for the summer vacation.Mr. L. D. Overmier, who hasbeen a. guest of his son-in-law, Dr. H.H. Mamilton, in this city, 'hasreturned to his home in Yorkville, Ind.Mrs. L. Goldstein is the guest ofher daughter, Mrs. Benj. Greengard,of Binghampton, New York. MissEssie Saloshin accompanied her.The Girls' Missioary Society ofthe Methodist Church will meet at thechurch this afternoon" at 4 o'clock.Mrs. Geo. Ellis will be the hostess.Mrs. "John I Bronson, has arrivedfrom Jacksonville, Fla., for a visitwith her mother, Mrs. Camilla Wilson, and her many Bourbon friends.Mrs. Lucy Petree, mother of Dr.Martha' Petree, arrived Saturdayevening from Lincoln, Neb., accompanied by Mrs. Frank Petree and son.Dr. Hugh Johnson has returnedfrom an extended trip to Battle Creek,Michigan, where he has beoh undertreatment for stomach troule. He isimproving in health.Miss Helen Daugherty, who hasbeen teaching in the Winchester HighSchool, has returned to spend her vacation with her mother, Mrs. C. A.Daugherty, and family, on Mt. AiryAvenue.Mr. Edwin Sweeney,' of Paris, willjgraduate this month from the JohnsMarshall Law School, at Chicago.He will make a tour of Europe, andupon returning, will practice law inChicago.Invitations have been received inthis city to the dances to be givenby the Society Dancing Club at theNicholasville Rink, in Nicholasville,on the evening of June 12, and theWoodford Dancing Club, at Versailles,on the evening of June 11.Miss Bertha Hinton was taken tothe Good Samaritan Hospital, in Lexigton, to be operated ou for appendicitis. Miss Hinton has been ill forseveral days, but the nature of herillness was not determined until Saturday by a consulation of physicians.Mr. and Mrs. T. C. Smith and Mr.and Mrs. L. V. Hagan and Mrs. Fannie Piper, of this county, and Mr. andMrs. Edgar Sousley, of Paris, attended the wedding of Mr. J. C. Orear, ofKansas City, Mo., to Miss AnnieReyonlds, of Carlisle,' at the PhoenixHotel, in Lexington, Saturday afternoon. Mr. Charlton Clay, of Paris, wasthe host at a dinner Saturday eveningat Lexington Country Club in honorof Misses Ellen and Emily Thomas,of Augusta, Ga., the guests of theiraunts, Misses Annie and Emily Thomas, of Frankfort. Miss Thomas andher nieces motored that afternoon toLexington, where they joined thehosts and his other guests, amongwhom were included a number fromLexington and Paris. Following thedinner Mr. Clay and his guests remained for the usual Saturday evening dance at the club.Mrs. Julian Frank entertained Friday afternoon at her country home onHie Winchester pike, for Mrs. MiltonC. Browning, of Cleveland, O. Therooms were decorated with Juneflowers, and an elaborate luncheona t. i lrtlr offoT whirVho nmhpr nf games of "500" were en- how easy it is to us a Kodak. ARATHBONE LODGE K. OF P.ELECTS NEW OFFICERS.At its last regular meeting Rathbone Lodge, K. of P., elected the following officers, to serve for the ensuing year:Chancellor Commander D. Y. L.Farley.Vice Chancellor W. C. Gentry.Prelate Ira Brown.Keeper of Record and Seal P. J.McCord. -Master of Finance W. O. Kabler.Master of Exchequer P. M. Heller.Master of Work Clarence Gifford.Master at Arms J. J. McCarthy.Inner Guard W. E. Honey.Outer Guard C. W. Fothergjll.Installation the first meeting nightin July.The committe on Memorial Day forSunday, June 14, reported that SirKnight J. L. Earlywine, of Chicago,would deliver the address, a specialmusical program rendered, and themarch to the Paris cemetery would beHeaded by the High School Band.LOST.Bunch of keys on Seventh street,between Henderson street and thePublic Library. Will give a suitablereward for their return to this office.WEARHOUSE AND GARAGENEARING COMPLETION.GOOD PORPOULTRY!We Have the Stuff ThatMAKES BENS LAY !Saivet Poultry Tonic isthe best egg producer weknow of. It's a greatsuccess and we warrantit to prove satisfactory.Price 25c for a box thatgoes a long way.Saivet Roup Tablets, 50ca box. They give unusual satisfaction.Bourbon PoultryCure and41144, the two old reliables, 50c per bottle.We have all the other poultryand lice powders, such asPratt's, Hess', International, at25c per package. Crude Carbolic Acid for disinfecting henhouses and nests 15c per pint.People's PharmacyPARIS, KY.Doyle Buildin g Sth and Main''Watch Our Windows."The new three-story brick warehouse and garage of Prichard & Ball,the corner of Fourth and Pleasantstreets, is rapidly nearing completion.When finished it will be one of themos complete structures of the kindin the State.IOWING TO OUR LARGE SPRING BUSINESSWE' WERE FORCED TO DUPLICATE -vOUR ORDERS ON . .tSilkSj Challis andWash GoodsIIHowever, you will find patterns and stylesthatare'different: values that vou wilFwill mv -v'are unsurpassed ZOur Dress Trimming and Lace StockCannot be equaled in this part of the State 2When it comes toLACE CURTAINS, DRAPERIES tand RUGS we are right there we have the goods, mW. Ed Tucker.IParis' Only Exclusive Dry Goods Store.tsdeHiBAREFOOT SANDALS.We have just received a new lineof harefoot sandals for Misses andChildren. They are just the thing forthese hot days. Come in while wehave your size.(5-tf) GEO. McWILLIAMS.&SUGGESTIONS FORHOT WEATHER.An opportune time to lay inyour snpply while the pricesare low for this week only.Porcelain fruit or ice creamsaucers, per dozen 25c; TableTumblers, assorted decorations,.great value, per set, 25; IceCream Freezers, Water Coolers, Window Shades, CurtainStretchers, Screen Wire, Window and Door Screens, FruitJars, Fly Paper, Feather Dusters; one pint tin Gups, 4 for5 cents.THE FAIR".'f- -omgg-:-----.rjsfcd vnwly$ig erdfrjv.al'4iLadies' DiamondRingsGenuine Gut Stones, Bright andSparkling, Mounted in14k Hand-Made' Settings "Special Values at$10.00 and $1250 .C. O. HINTONriHOff ERS THE PLEASURES OEPicture takingINDOORS OR OUT.Come in and we willshow youjoyed, there being five tables of players. Two prizes were awarded, thefirst for the highest score, a pair ofsilk hose was won by Miss LorineButler, and the second, a pretty fan,by Miss Sallie Lockhart. Those present were: Mrs. Browning, Mrs. B. A.Frank, Mrs. R. L. Frank. Miss Harp,of Lexington; Mrs. Buckner Woodford, Jr., Mrs. William K. Dudley,Mrs. John Yerkes, Miss Mary Woodford, Miss Rachel Wiggins Miss MaryFithian Hutchcraft, Miss' ElizabethKfpple. Misses Lorine and Ollie Butler, Miss Bishop, of Lexington; Mrs.lRay Taylor, Mrs. vvnite varaen, airs.John Davis, Miss Elisabeth Embry,liss Mary Qlay, Miss Sallie Lockhart,Mrs. Albert Hinton and Mr3. Lewj. w .u . '.-.. f-pimT,TnhprS: Co. nmsfr close out enilm sock in 30 days. Q (9;2t) foawr. Pomona!; , oap 4)large line, ofNKodaks, $5.00 to S20.00.Brownie Cameras, 01.00 to $12.00DaughertyRffK(r,HPorch and Lawn Goods!FOR ONE ImiSPECIALFORONE WEEKiuciorRE-ENFORCEDHAMMOCKSTHE KIND THAT LASTWEEKONLY!FOR CASH IONLY!'You must not, you cannot afford to miss these bis bargains. Goods charged at regular prices4-passenger Lawn Swings reducedfrom $7.50 to. $5.90 tLawn Benches reduced from $1.25to .79Steamer Chairs reduced from 1.25to v 75Porch Swings reduced from $3.00 to 2.35I (Chains and Hangings' Complete)Porch Swings reduced from $4.25 to 3.25Vudor Hammocks reduced from$1,85 to 1.35Porch Rockers reduced from 4.00to r$2:90Porch Benches reduced from $8.75'to 5.85Vudor Shades reduced from $3.00to 2J.OOPorch Tables reduced from $7.50 to 5.60Crex Rugs reduced from $1.75 to. . . '1.15Bombay Reed Chairs reduced from$10.00 to ' 7.50Kaltex Chairs reduced from $7.50.to 5.95We are showing an immense line of these goods and theabove prices are given merely as an example of what yourmoney will do for you forgone week. COME NOW! DON'TWAIT! You will not see these prices duplicated. NO SCOOND HAND GOODS.We Are Also Offering Big Reductions on Go-Carts fand Refrigerators.im2ogtsatif3MHstnmiiN1 HE J 1 HINTON COMPANY.,-"Paris,s Kentucky Phones 36t-j.Undertaking. Ambulance--Wood Mantelss '- "OwOCwW;v.4V.V-v ".u 3:jLjJi..vr r -THE BOURBON NEWS PARK; KY., JUNE 9r 1914JVi V 1W-I1!!MEOW! SCATIs i jin'f 3tfrs. H. Katz and Miss Maud Katz,of' Chicago, are the guests of Mr. andMrs. ISiwaxd Flexner, at their apartpnent in4 tne Sans Souci. SocietyjJteaCin Louisville Times.jHOT WEATHER TONICJ AND HEALTH BUILDER.II ' :Are you run down nervous tired?Is everv thine vou do an effort? Youkre'not lazy you are sick! YourtrtA - T rrJS . 3 . 1 1ioma.cn, i-iiver, jviuiieys, auu wiiuieystem need a Tonic. A Tonic andealtli Builder to drive out the wasteatter build you up and renew yourSHOE POLISHESBlackTan White 1A. Vtrength: Nothing hetter than Electric Bitters. Start to-day. Mrs. Jas.rCompletely cured me after severaltioctors gave me up." 50c and $1.00,bt your druggist.I Bucklin's Arnica Salve for Cuts., (June)The F. F. Dalley Co., Ltd.. Buffalo, N. Y., Hamilton, Ont..JLV c MpYNTHIANA WINS THEx HIGH SCHOOL CHAMPIONSHIPThe' Cynthiana High School baseball team won the High School Championship of the State at Cynthiana,"S-iday afternoon, by defeating Lexfogton High School 10 to 2.COUGHS AND. COLDS WEAKENTHE SYSTEM.Continued Coughs, Colds and BronUiial troubles are depressing andleaken the system. Loss of weightpa appeiiie generally ioiiow. ieu ajpc bottle of. Dr.' King's New Discovty to-day. I, will stop your cough,'he first dose helps. The best mediine for Stubborn Coughs, Colds andil Throat and Lung Troubles. Mr.1. H. Brown, Muscatine, Ala., .writes:Sy wife "was sick during the hot summer months and I honestly believek. King's New Discovery saved herjfe." Good for children. 50c and1.00 at your druggist.1 (June)Attorney Eugene Quigley, Nationalhancellor of Delta Theta Phi, a le4.1 fraternity, of Cleveland, O., dispvered members of his fraternity thepuntry over are showering him withats. He already has 150 and morere cbming.) ALWAYS LEAD TO BETTERHEALTH.t vt?"WSerious sicknesses start in disorrs of the stomach, liver and kideys. The best corrective and preven-ve is Dr. King's New Life Pills.hey purify the Blood Prevent Conlipation, keep Liver, Kidneys andtowels in healthy condition. Give)u better health by ridding the sysrm of fermenting and gassy foods,ffective and mild. 25c, at yourfuggist.IBucklin's Arnica Salve for all hurts.' " (June).iEEYESjJ GO00J0RTHEIYES-AND EYES ONLYJU.JL W JU JL-M -M, A JL . 4 Jjoa thlBk that 'watery, matteryeyes arc natural? Do you believetbat styes, granulated lids, poorsiitrMt. crrowtlis. are natnral? UseEAGIE EYE SAIVE and you naveJ&agie xijes again.jnSexualKnowledgeJj ILLUSTRATED 320 PAGES.T:ells all about sex matters; whatung men and women, young wivesMd husbands and all others need toow about the sacred laws that govjb. the sex forces. Plain truths ofife. life in relation to happiness inimage. 'Secrets" of manhood andmanhood; sexual abuses, social(11, diseases, etc.JThe latest, most advanced and comfehensive work that has ever beenued on sexual hygiene. Pricelessntruction for those who are readyI' the pure inner teaching.JThis book tells nurses, teachers,ctors, lawyers, preachers, socialrkers, Sunday School teachers andi others,- young and old, what alld to know about sex matters. BvInfield Scott Hall, Ph. D., M. D.kipzlg.)I Newspaper Comments:Jf Scientifically correct." Chicagoabune. "Accurate and up-to-date."Philadelphia Press. "Standard bookI knowledge." Philadelphia Ledger,f-e New York World says: "Plainths for those who need or ought tojowthem. for the prevention of evils.Jjner plain wrapper for only $1.00.In or Money Order, postage tenSmIAMI PUBLISHING COMPANYI' Dayton, Ohio.JNTUCKYTRACTION & TERMINAL COMPANY.InterurbamSchedule.pvt. LtxintonLeave ParisLexington6:45 a m7:30 a m8:15 a m9:00 a m9:45 a m11:15 a m12:45 p mlFor:PriforIHM a m7:Mhi:!h I i a.-hr.MM a m11:5 a mfltje.pmj 2:50 q. m3:W 9 mU:2i p mJE:0 p m4:W x m7:S p m2:15 p.mm.mmmmmm3:45 p4:305:156:056:50PPPP'I'll A m! .Hi8:15P:W-1M10:05 ply xoept SundayMVLBEIN THE"MOVIES."An unique plan for raising fundsfor the erection of a Kentucky building at the Panama-Pacific Expositionand at the same time advertise Kentucky's resources and reveal the homelife of this State, has been adoptedby the State Commission. The planis a moving picture exhibit.Those who wish to be representedin the moving picture show in theKentucky building will be chargedaccording to the number of feet offilm they use. F. S .Hendrick, of theWashington Post staff, will make thepictures. He already has secured asimilar contract in Alabama, Georgiaand Tennessee and closed the contract with Kentucky also.The Kentucky building will be madeas home-like as posible, a rendezousfor Kentuckians at the exposition.The departments of education, forestry, geological survey and agricultureare planning exhibits, as well asmany of the industries of tne State.A room will be devoted to the moving picture show, which will be a continuous performance, and is expectedto be one of the most valuable sections of the exhibit. Kentucky homes,fields, factories, schools, mines, political meetings, distilleries and all thecommercial activities of the Statewill be represented.PREVENTABLE DROWNINGS.It is astonishing how many drownings there are that a little coolnessmight have averted. In DelawareRiver four young men who could notswim jumped overboard to keep aboat from sinking and save the livesof two boys and a girl who were onboard. Their gallantry cost themtheir lives. The others, were saved.Had the four young men simplyslipped overboard and held to theboat, a leaky one, it would not havesunk. One hand rested lightly on thegunwhale, the other and the feet;used for paddling slowly enough toguard against fatigue, or not used at!all. would have saved four lives out-'side of the boat as well as to havethe three inside, until help could havecome.Very little support is needed to addto that provided by the water andkeep a non-swimmer afloat, if ouly herealizes that he must not try to climbJon the support and hold above water.A small piann. win uuai u. 10.15c ma.if he has the courage and coolness tokeep nothing but his head above water. The same plank goes under atonce when a man's weight is put onit with his shoulders and head out ofwater.Try to remember this, if therecomes a time when it is useful to remember it.CRYING FOR HELP.Lots of It in Paris But Daily GrowingLess.The kidneys often cry for help.Not another organ in the wholebody more delicately constructed.Not one more important to health.The kidneys are the niters of theblood.When they fail the blood becamesfoul and poisonous.There can be no health where thereis poisoned blood.Backache is one of the. frequent indications of kidney trouble.It is often the kidneys' cry for help.Heed it.Read what Doan's Kidney Pillshave done for overworked kidneys.Proof of merit in the followingstatement:ilrs. Eva Cooper, Main Street,Winchester, Ky., says: "Although Inever had occasion to use a kidneyremedy myself, I can strongly recommend Doan's Kidney Pills for wehave taken them in the family withfine results. One of tlfe family hastaken them with excellent results forpain in the back and kidneys."Price 50c, at all dealers. Don't simply ask for a kidney remedy getDoan's Kidney Pills the same thatMrs. Cooper had. Foster-Milburn Co.,Props., Buffalo, N. Y.BLACK-JACKED INBROADDAYLIGHT.Two employes of the the cashier'sdepartment of the American CanCompany, in New York, were "blackjacked" in front of the company'soffice at Fourteenth street and Tenthavenue and robbed of $2,700 in cash.The robbery was the boldest that hasoccurred in several months. It tookplace in broad daylight in a crowdedstreet, but the highwaymen escaped.SIMPLEST WAY TO KILL FLY.The London Lancet, the leadingmedical journal of the world, saysthat the best and simplest fly killer isa weak solution of formaldehyde inwater (two teaspoonsfuls to the pint.)Place it in plates or saucers throughout the house. Ten cents worth ofthis liquid will last an ordinary family all summer. It has no offensiveodor, is fatal to disease organismsand is practically non-poisonous except to insects. .KENTUCKY TOSHOWNINDIGESTION 'AND CONSTIPATION"About five years ago I began taking Chamberlain's Tablets after suffering from indigestion and constipation for years without finding anything to relieve me. Chamberlain'stablets helped me at once and by using them for several weeks I wrascured of the complaint," writes Mrs.Mary E. McMullen, Phelps, N. Y. Forsale by all dealers.(June)A fever blister can keep a girlaway from a party when a death inthe family couldn't.SAVE MONEYWHEN YOUPAINT YOUR HOUSEIt costs no more to apply HighStandard"quality paint and it givesmore beautiful effects and wearslonger. Thus you will get bestresults and save money by usingThis is a ready-to-use paint of highest quality. It has great spreading andprotecting power, and the colors arevery durable. It comes in a large number of tints and shades, making possibleany color scheme.Come in for color cards, and let ushelp solve your painting problems.Chas. E. ButBer & Co,0pp. Court House.One Lone GermBreeds MillionsA sore or cut lets thegerms underthe skin.If you don't stop itsbreeding there will bemillions in a lew days.Stop the Breeding With DR. BELL'SAntiseptic SalveIt stops the breeding at once. It keeps away allother germs Zt soothes and heals as sure asyou use it. A 25c. box will prevent hundredsof dollars of trouble."Tell It By The Bell"For Sale by All Druggists.IT IIMilMMmiM"PILES! PILES! PILES!WILLIAMS' INDIAN PILE OINTMEPWill cure Blind, Bleeding and Itching Pn.It absorbs the tumors, allays itching at onacts as a poultice, gives instant relief.For sale by op druggists, mail 50c and SiWILLIAMS MFG. CO., Props., Cleveland, 01L. Oberdorfer, Druggist, Pari. Ky.PUBLIC SALEorDesirable Frame ResidenceAnd About Four Acres of Land.Having determined to move to Florida on account of my continued illhealth, I will sell at public auction, onthe premises, onTUESDAY, JUNE e, 1914,beginning at 3 o'clock p. m., the fol-lowing Paris real estate:My two-story frame residence, located at the corner of Cypress andBoone Streets. The house is a substantial two-story frame structure, containing eight rooms, presses, front, side and back porches, dry cellar, goodcistern, sewer in and connected, andconcrete pavements. The buildingis considered of first-class material and is an ideal home. The lot has afrontage of 60 feet on Cypress street, and extends back 200 feet to an alley. On the rear of the lot is a substnatial and roomy stable.Also, about four acres of land in the rear of the residence. This landia louaiea on DOtn sides ot iicone street, and can be sub-divided intotwelve building lots.The residence will first be offered separately; then about two acres ofland on the South of Boone Street will be offered; then the two acres ofland on the north side of Boone Street. Then the four acres will be offered as a whole, after which the entire property, including the residenceand four acres of land land will be offered. The best bids or bid will thenbe accepted for the property.TERMS Easy, and made known on the day of sale.Anyone interested in this property is invited to call and inspect thepremises before the day of sale. For further information, call on lJOHN TARR,Or Harris 4L Speakes, Agents.Geo. D. Speakes, Auctioneer, .,v ' t Paris, Kentucky.'STRAYEDFrom the farm of Dr. William Kenney, on the Lexington pike, Saturdaynight, one black or brown horse mule.Large wart on foreleg. Informationas to whereabouts should be communicated toCAYWOOD & McCLINTOCK,Paris, Ky.FOR SALE PRIVATELY.1 will sell privately my house andlots on the corner of Eleventh andMain streets. Possession given July1. Any one desiring to examine theproperty may call on Saturdays,(lotf) W. L. YERKES.FOR RENT.Storeroom on Main street known asthe Weatherall property. Possessionto be given at once. Also 3 rooms upstairs. Will rent as a whole or separately. (15-tf) CHAS. PEDDICORDN otice !All persons having claims againstthe estate of Mahala Brent, deceased,are requested to present them properly proven to the undersigned Administrator on or before July 1, 1914.All persons indebted to MahalaBrent, deceased, are requested to callupon the undersigned and makeprompt settlement.JAMES MAGON,(29-3t-eot) Administrator.See the Cake Walk !Don't fail to see the old-fashionedSouthern Cake Walk at the BourbonCounty Fair Grounds by the BourbonBlack Blitzens onFriday, June 2Gth.White ladies and gentlemen arecordially invited, and a special section will be reserved for them. Wehave positive guarantee of good orderfrom our Chief, of Police Fred Link.BOURBON BLACK BLITZENS.R, J. NEELYWAREHOUSEStables and Coal YardFor Rent!For over 30 years this has been asuccessful business stand in the FarmImplement, Seeds and Coal Business.Possession on or about July 1.W. W. MITCHELL Agt.J. S. Wallingford, M. D.office on Sixth Street,Betv een Main and High,'Phones 31PARIS,Sherwin-WilliamsWAGON AND IMPLEMENT PAINTwill save your wagons and implementsby keeping them in good condition andmaking them last the longest possibletime. Brushes out easily, covers well,and dries with a rich oil gloss. Verypermanent in color and durability.Handsome colors to select from.C. A. DAUGHERTY.Theandfl I I W9lSMmThe telephone goes hand in hand with goodroads.The telephone overcomes many of the obstacles oi Dad roads and makes it possible for thefarmer and other rural residents to transact busi- lness m the city and with neighbors when theroads are impassable.Progressive farmers are insisting upon goodroads and. telephones. These two agencies ofmodern civilization are doing more than all otherstoward eliminating the isolation of country life.You can have a telephone in your home at verysmall cost. Send a postal for our free bookletgiving complete information.FARMERS' LINE DEPARTMENTiCumberland Telephoneand Telegraph CompanyINCORPORATED.Perfect Spring CostumesxIgRiFiff MCCALL BOOK OF. FASHIONS IVJ ... f- -.. . i . . c ..'W'";; .i-" ' ..., -yfiSj" ADVANCUUHMt allltj ,l " ' '"'"They will please every refined woman's fancy the newest styles,wide-hipped gowns, rippling skirts, rufiles, shadow lace effects,bustle suggestions all are described and illustrated in the mostattractive and practical way.There never was a time when the "perfect costume" was so easyto attain, irrespective of the size of your purse.With McCall Patterns stylish, perfect fitting, and easy to makeand the lovely new Spring and Summer Fabrics it is a pleasureto make your own clothes.The McCall Styles, creations of exeprts of fifty years' suqremacyin the realm of fashion, add distinction and personality to a trulyeconomical costume.Get your copy of the New McCal! Fashion SheetFree at Our Pattern Department to-day.HARRY SIMON,rTelephoneGood RoadsIS MSL aare shown in endless va--rietyin the newSummer'McCallBook of Fashionsnow on saleANDMcCALLPATTERNS.7-y-IIMPERFECT IN ORIGINALSPPiafcWWWW1'"1" I III III !,!! I I I ! Mi ,j4r1 HE BOURBON NLWS, PARIS, KENTUCKY, JUNE 9 1914iBORLAND'SThe Home of Good Wall PaperWALL PAPER TALK No. 7.('IMPORTANCE OFI HEALTHY KIDNEYS.Paris Readers Should Learn to KeepJ ! the Kidneys Well.Bed Room. Decoration Little can be added to what we previously mentioned concerning the suitability of "near to nature effects" for the bed room.While simplicity is the key-note of decorative success,quite frequently this room requires decorations along thelines herein mentioned.A panelled treatment for both walls and ceiling, thecut-out borders should be used in the larger rooms. Delicately figured and colored walls andjceiiings are most appropriate in work of this character.Let us help you make your selection.LOOK US UP!514 Main St., Next to Tvlrs. Mamie Parker.TELEPHONE 159Pans Odorless Ckanina Co. 8I Let us Make that Last Winter's Suit or OvercoatLook Like New.You will be surprised when we send your7 clothes home,and will wonder why you have not tried us before.All Work Guaranteed SatisfactorymJ Men's and Ladies' Panama and Straw Hats Cleaned andm Reblockedjto your satisfaction.I We Call For and Deliver Work.I Call up E. T. Phone 40.I Paris Odorless Cleaning Co., Sam Levy, Proprietor.W TTT1 L TT T 11 ll Jl T L -t f 1 Cf 'Swnice iua moves uieanea, snort, uc; long zor, . aNMHMMMMiNMHit, The kidneys have a big work to do.All the blood in the ody is pouring, through the kidneys constantly to be; freed of poisonous matter. It is ahevavy enough task when the kidneysI are well, but a cold, chill, fever orsome thoughtless exposure is likelyto iritate, inflame and congest thekidneys and interrupt the purifying. work.; Then the aching frequently beginsana is oiten accompanied by some irregularity of the urine too frequentpassages, sediment or retention.Thousands testify to the wonderfulmerit of Doan's Kidney Pills, a remedy for the kidneys only, that hasbeen used in kidney troubles for 50years. You will make no mistake infollowing this Paris citizen's advice.Mrs. Ida Huffman, 115 Main Street,Paris, Ky., says: "We think Doan'sKidney Pills are just fine. We willingly confirm the statement we gavesome years ago recommending them,I suffered from pains across the smallof my back. Seeing Doan's KidneyPills advertised, I got a supply atWilson's Drug Store and gave them atrial. I was very much pleased withthe results."Price 50c at all dealers. Don'tsimply ask for a kidney remedy getDoan's Kidney Pills the same thatMrs. Huffman had. Foster-MilburnCo., Props., Buffalo, N. Y.BEES TIE UP TRAFFICAND STOP FACTORIES.THE HUMBLE NEEDLE ISMAN'S TINIEST TOOL.SpecialMay Sale.50 Ladies' Stylish and, HandsomeSpringSuits$9.95!Students at St. Xavier's College,Cincinnati, had a joyous time Fridaywhen they stirred up a colony of beeswhich had hived on a window of theinstitution, but the bees eventuallyhad their revenge by stopping trafficand causing a number shoe factoriesto suspend operations until the ferocious attack by the insects was over.ONLY ONE ENTIRELY SATISFACTORY."I have tried various colic and diarrhoea remedies but the only one thathas giVen me entire satisfaction andcured me when I was afflicted isChamberlain's Colic, Cholera and Diarrhoea Remedy. I recommend it tomy friends at all times," writes S. N.Galloway, Stewart, S. C. For sale byall dealers.(June)1 iff0HONEROPOff BOURBON POULTRY CUREdown, a chick's throat curesgapes, A few drops in thedrinking water cures andprevents cholera, diarrhoeaand other chick diseases. One50c bottje makes 12 gallons ofmedicine At all druggists.Sample and booklet on "Diseases of Fowls' sent FREE.Bourbon Remedy Co. Lexington, ZjFor Salo uy W, T. Brooksfln T?n Q enPYRiOKraatf-All Sizes and Colors.KINDLY CALL ATTwin Di. Depanmeni Hon,Seventh and Main Sts., Paris, Ky.liumdim7,fallVOne application soothes and heals a roughoimplyhkin.and.whenrepeated.quicklyefFects.cure, fcczema, .brysipelas, .Letter, Ulcers anaall skin diseases j leld to us curative properties.50c. a box. At all uruxztsts.Send for frco sample and hook. "Health and Beauty.'JOHNSTON. HOLLOWAY & CO.,1730 Sonne Garden St., Phlla., Pa.mi:in:u:iHif QBJBaE3ugII Tosr DsMh4h32KI Year Grand-Dai, mjBm"f&I Tear Creat-Graaa-Dad gmJA&hH All used May - Apple jmfffjWnU Root to release, the MSjAft bile from the liver. lPjv v?7fIt griped those days HKSV ybut in the PODOLAX SL iformula the. gripe has Ifiybeen taken out. SKrBuy it and try It. yyi-- rt333HBHBfjfjffjfj m mmmmmmamm f"im ,- VUMVWW jrwTHE EXPRESS IS IN THIS TOWNAND IN TO STA Y1TOR seventy-five years three-quar---ters of a century the express hasbeen the right-hand of the shippers ofcommercial America. The express cameto Paris in 1854, and it came to stay.For 50 years it has been the right-handof commercial Paris.It is here to stay. The other daywhen reports went out that the expresscompanies might retire from business, aprotest went up. From whom this protestthe express companies? No! Themerchants of the country shipperseverywhere petitioned Congress thatno action might be taken that mighthave the effect of forcing the expresscompanies to retire. N Commercial organizations all over the land have joinedin this appeal to Washington.For seventy-five years in the pastand for a good many years in the future Express Service will meanWho made the first 'needle? Perhaps some clever wife, -who piercedthe shank of a fine fishbone to carry aa thread of plant fiber or catgut.To-day the needle is the svmbol ofcivilization, for where you find humanbeings this side of barbarism you findclothes, and where clothes are thereare needles.Man is a tool using animal. Andthe needle is the commonest andsmallest of tools.The spider spins his web, the wormhis cocoon; the man, by nature naked, weaves his outmost cuticle withthis sharp, shining shaft of steel.I have never seen the needle factories. Yet they are in mv mind'seye huge, many-windowed barracks,and out of them march, day after day,the little soldiers of civilization, insilver gleaming armour, golden helmets, in companies and regiments togo to Alaska and Cape Town, to Tokyo and New York; to the hands ofthe mother and the sister; to the morocco case upon the mahogany dressing table of the darling of wealth, tothe workbox of the wife of the people,to the dark rooms of the slaves of thesweat shops, to the pincushion 'of thebachelor, to the knapsack of the soldier the bundle of the pioneer, the kitof the sailor. Wherever go the animals called human there the littleneedle dances attendance. ChicagoNews.IF SKIN BREAKS OUT ANDAND ITCHES APPLY SULPHUR.Use It Like a Cold Cream and DryEczema Eruptions Right Up.The moment you apply bold-sulphurto an itching of broken out skin, theitching stops and healing begins, saysa renowned dermatologist.This remarkable sulphur made intoa thick cream effects such prompt relief, even in aggravated Eczema, thatit is a never-ending source of amazement to physicians.For many years bold-sulphur has occupied a sedure position in the treatment of cutaneous eruptions by reason of its cooling, parasite-destroyingirritable and inflammatory affectionsof the skin. While not always establishing a permanent cure, yet, in every instance, it immediately subduesthe itching irritation and heals theEczema right up and it is often yearslater before any eruption again manifests itself.Any good pharmacist will supply anounce of bold-sulphur cream, whichshould be applied to the affected partslike the ordinary cold creams. Itisn't 'Unpleasant and the prompt relief afford is eery welcome, particularly ,when the Eczema is accompanied with torturous itching. (adv)ifcLTWO LITTLE HEROINES.Grace Hanigan and 'Helen O'Hara,seven and eleven years old, respectively, swam about near the scene ofthe sinking of the Empress of Irelanduntil they were picked up by boats."Learn to swim before you embarkin a rowboat or liner" is the argument of the New York Tribune, based upon the experience of the two little girls.Learning to swim is wise, ofcourse, but many excellent swimmerswere drowned when the Empress ofIreland went down. Many of thosewho could swim were strong men.These two little girls not' only knewhow to swim, but also possessed thecoolness that makes heroes and heroines in times of great danger. Whileothers who could swim as well werefrightened, and swallowed waterwhile crying for help, and while others, far stronger than they, becamediscouraged and gave up the struggle,these youngsters paddled away in thehope of the rescue that, as fate determined, awaited them.We see no moral other than that tobe courageous is often worth yourlife.- Everyone is not cast in heroicmould, and heroic mould does " notmean broad shoulders or manlystrength. - ,SUNKEN LINER MAY BE RAISED.Whether the sunken liner Empressof Ireland, on which it is now officially declared 1,024 lives were lost, isto be raised from the bottom of theSt. Lawrence River to recover thehundreds of bodies in her hull, orwhether she will be dynamited topiecs is expected to be decided at aconference in Montreal of Government officials and representatives ofLloyds.It is believed there will be greatindignation if there is no attempt torecover the bodies, and to meet thisdemand, if possible, the Governmetis understood to e anxous to have theliner brought again to the surface.CURES STUBBORN,ITCHY SKIN TROUBLES.. gPERSONAL SERVICE FULL RESPONSIBILITYAdams Express CompanyJOHN DMAN, Agent. .Cumberland Phone 425 Office L. & N. Passenger Depotf"I could scratch myself to pieces"is ofteji heard from sufferers of Eczema, Tetter, Itch and similar SkinEruptions. Don't Scratch Stop theItching at once with Dr. Hobson's Eczema Ointment. Its first applicationstarts healing; the Red, Rough, Scaly,Itching Skin is soothed by the Healing and Cooling Medicines. Mrs. C.A. Einfeldt, Rock Island, 111., after using Dr. Hobson's Eczema Ointment,writes: "This is the first time in nineyears I have been free from thedreadful ailment." Guaranteed. 50 cat your druggist.(June)If President Wilson will let 150Sing Sing prisoners help pacify Mexico their band will give excellent music in Mexico City, July 4,, they promised the President.GET RID OF YOUR RHEUMATISM.Now is the time to get rid of yourrheumatism. You can do it if youapply Chamberlain's Liniment. Y7A. Lockhard, Homer City, N. Y.'writes, "Last spring I suffered frommy arms and shoulders. I got a bottle of Chamberlain's Liniment and thefirst application relieved me. By using .one bottle of it I was entirelycured." For sale by all dealers.. f(Jnne)m?fmm??!?t?!?KJot PrintingWORK DONEWHEN PROMISEDGood Work Done Cheap;Cheap Work Done Good!&vTRE J9B. R60fflS 0FTHE' .ByRB0NNewsAre prepaired to do the best ofPrinting on short notice such asBILLHEADS,LETTERHEADS,CARDS,CATALOGPOSTERS,'and, m fact, everythingthat is printed.Orders for Engraving,such as Wedding Announcements, Invitations,given prompt attention.s"Let us figure with you onon your next workOur facilities are the best, havingJust installed two of the latest improved Chandler & Price JobPresses come around and see themwork.Our type is new and modernfaces.IU Bourbon news,104 Issues a Year for$2.00.Advertising rates reasonable and maoS w ?known on application.ftWWWiiiiWUUkSi.'s -r'sf Jf j .'-'i' ,J3 y3aii"L "'K S . '--.. -,- . ff ' , ', ,THE BOURBON NEWS, PARIS, KENTUCKY ' JUNE ,9, 1914' V I ':rfc3-iKi'iJIh'rI!rKitui!tiIaHEWS OF MILLERSBURGMrs. J. E. Hunter visited relativest Maysville Saturday.Mr. Russell Caldwell' has accepted a position as salesman at JonesBros.Mr. and Mrs. James McClure, ofParis, were guests Sunday of Mr. andMrs. W. M. Miller.Mr. and Mrs. William Wood, ofCollins, Miss., arrived Friday as theguests of Mrs. Clifton Mann anddaughter, Miss Adie.Squire and Mrs. A. C. Ball leaveto-day for a six weeks' visit to their-daughter and son-in-law, Mr. and Mrs.A. C. Strode, at Chester, Montana.Mrs. Thomas Gardner and little.step-son, Thos. Gardner, Jr., of Birmingham, Ala., arrived Saturday asguests of Rev. and Mrs. A. S. Ven"able. - Mr. M. P. Collier has rented a"home In Paris, and will move his family to it the latter part of this month.Possesion -will be given to his newliome the fifteenth, but they will probably not occupy it until later.Mr. and Mrs. E. W. AmmermanTeceived a telegram Monday morningannouncing the death of Mr. ShirleyTate, at Sweetwater, Tenn. Mr. Tatemarried Miss Willie Denton, of Millersburg, two years ago. He was illabout three weeks.Lost Between Paris and Millersburg, a white purse containing somepapers and small coins. Finder willplease return to the News office, atParis, or to Mrs. Dennis McMahan,Hillersburg, and receive reward.The Taylor House gave theirguests the first fried chicken Saturdaymorning for breakfast, which was enjoyed by all. If you want the very"best things that the market affordsor bearding it will pay you to boardat the Taylor House.The long drouth was brokenhere Thursday night, when the heavyrain began falling about 9:30 andcontinued all during the night. Itproved to be destructive. Quite aup and on several ferms aiU haveto be reset. All the streams were outof jiheir banks.Mr. Aaaron McConnell has closedhis jewelry store here and is packing his household goods and stockpreparatory to moving: to Harrison.r tiit.. lf.n n i- ... 'C 1 o -uouuea lias seen with usabout 3 years and he and his wife ,ahve made many friends here whoregret their departure. Mrs. McCon-xcn i a uieuiuer oi tne unnstian ,juurcn ana secretary or tne LadiesAid Society. They will leave the latter part of the week.In the issue of the LexingtonHerald last Thursday a report of thework done in the Parcel Post Department of the Lexington postofficewas given ouL In our little postofficeiere, a little town of about 1,00, wewish to submit a report that willmake some of the larger towns sit upand take uotice when relative size istaken into consideration. The totalnumber of packages received, 1,285,total number dispatched 511, grandtotal, 1,796. Forty-two and thirty-twoforty-second pieces per day; .556pieces per day by Lexington office.Total, 8,351 for 15 days.Ik New Summer Styles jgv jFashion and Common Sense Both Tel! Us That LowThe Greatest SOf Snappy New Models Which Set the Pace for Style andthe -Record for Comfort and Wear.Ladies' Colonial Pumps, enriched with shiningsteel buckles or the more subdued black leatherornaments, $4.00 values at 29 and $3.4-B'Ladies' Oxfords and,Mary JanePumps, in Patent Colt or Dull Soft Kid, light soles, 4.00 values, at $2.99 and . 3o4BLadies's Suede and Velvet Baby Doll Pumps,custom made, 3.00 values at. . ..$2.49 and 1 .39Ladies' White Canvas Oxfords and Pumps, bestmakes, S3. 00 values at $ 1 .4-9 and 1 .99L&dies Oxfords and Pumps in Patent and GunMetaJ, or Dull Kid, 2.00 ancl $3.00 value at. -. .Where& A ,WTmzzzzsxZ? mmr,z arna m ,r lMrs. America Butler returnedFriday after a visit of several weeksto her daughter, Mrs. Mattie Hawes,in Chicago.Miss Virginia Hutchcraft, whohas been teaching in the Sandersville,Ga., school, returned home Saturday,for the summer vacation.Mr. J. A. Case and family willmove to Carlisle, Wednesday.Dr. and Mrs. Walter Chandler, ofMt. Olivet, were guests of Mr. andMrs. M. P. Wells, Sunday.The Millersurg team of the Sunday school League will play the Monterey team on the M. M. I grounds,Mr. and Mrs. W. V. Shaw anddaughters, Misses Anna James andRuth McClintock, were guests of Mrs.Turner Perry, in Owingsville, Monday.. The Childrens' Day was appropriately observed at $he ChristianChurch Sunday. The little folks carried out their program nicely, reflecting great credit upon their, instructor, Mrs. C. D. Tackett. xMr. W. A. Young and familyhave moved from Lexington to roomsin the Miller flat recently vacated byMr. and Mrs. T. A. Vimont.RESOLUTIONS OF RESPECT.To the Officers and Members of AmityLodge No. 40, F. & A. M.:Brethren: xYour committee appointed to draftresolutions of respect upon the deathof Brother B. A. Neal, beg leave tosubmit the following:The Grand Architect of the Universe, in his infinite wisdom, againhath sent the death angel into ourmidst, and Bro. B. A. Neal, a pastmaster of Amity Lodge No. 4.0 hastaken his flight to that Celestial City,having departed this life on May 27,1 p. m.Resolved, That as members ofAmity Lodge No. 40, we deeply andsincerely mourn our loss, yet we bowin humble submission to Him whodoeth all things well, and that wre extend to his loved ones our heart feltsympathy.Resolved, That a copy of theseresolutions be spread upon the minutes, a copy sent to the MasonicHome Journal for publication, and acopy t0 the J!?S&R. M. CALDWELL,M. P. COLLIER,W. A. BUTLER.CommitteeJune 2, 1914.Our Palm Beach, Linen Suits areV"A Ltt"made right $4 to $10., J W. DAVIS & COCOMMENCEMENT EXERCISES0F LITTLE ROCK SCHOOL.The commencement exercises of theLittle Rock Graded School were heldat that place Friday night, in theschool auditorium. Prof. Bower, .ofTransylvania University delivered theaddress to the graduates. The diplomas were presented by the principal,Prof. Roberts.The members of the 1914 graduating class are:- Miss Christine Thompson, Mr. Sherley Dalzell and Mr.Paul Arnold. The baccalaureate sermon was delivered by Dr. M. B. Adams, of Georgetown College.The Little Rock School is one ofthe best in the county, due to theable work of Prof. Roberts and hisefficient assistants.SNAPPY FOOTWEARFor Men Women and Children.rn inl f JTVlPSH fl 113BSVIV" fe'.S LF j!i.jreativ JA.1o49it . aIVfisses9 srd ChSSdlrera's Ptampsisreai&st; ShoeBeauty andCANTRILL AT LEXINGTON' THOMAS AT IRVINE.Hon. J. Campbell Cantrill, Democratic candidate for Congress from theSeventh District, opened his campaign! in Lexington yesterday (court day).His speech was made to a small audience in the Opera House. Those attending from 'Paris were former Mayor James M. O'Brien and PostmasterR. K. McCarney.Hon. Claude M. Thomas, of Paris,Mr. Cantrill's opponent, made theopening speech of his campaign atIrvine, Estill County, yesterday afternoon. His speech was heard by alarge and enthusiastic audience,which testified its appreciation by frequent applause.CHANCE FOR GOOD REALESTATE INVESTMENTS.' The John Tarr property to be soldat auction on Tuesday, June 9, byHarris & Speakes, is one of the bestlocated piece of re.al estate in thecity, and the purchaser will be putting money into something safe andsubstantial. (2-3t)EXECUTIVE AGENT QUINCYWARD DOING GREAT WORK.Every law-abiding and law-respectingsportsman in Bourbon Countywill heartily approve of the following,from the Richmond Register: "StateGame Warden Quincy Ward, has beenstocking many streams of the Statewith fish from the Government, oflate, and the spotrsmen of the Statewill Jiave another chance to enjoy thesport that has for years was one ofthe greatest in the country in Kentucky. In recent years though, theseine, the gig and dynamite, have almost wrecked the streams, and an effort is now being made to regain, ifpossible, the lost sport. Every fisherman in the State should see to it thatthe new game laws are strictly adheared to, and all violators prosecuted. There seems to be a determinedeffort on the part of the fishermen, asnever before, to aid the State Commissioner in replenishing the streamsof this county with game fish."Finds Father After Fifty Years.Wilmore Wilmore residents arelistening to another tale of separations of families in war times in theSouth, and the finding of the longmissing. John Lee, a negro, 75 yearsold, of Shaker Bend, Mercer County,after searching 50 years, found his father, more than a 100 years old, livingat Dayton, O. The father .had enlisted in a Northern army in the CivilWar, and had been believed to bedead by every one except his son.Grandfather's Clock.Harrodsburg B. F. Smart, of Mercer County, has an old-time woodeh"grandfather's" clock, which has beenin the family for 125 years. It is acorrect- timepiece, and also giveschanges of the moon, days of theweek and days of the month.The old clock was once the property of Mercer , Daniel one of theearly"' settlersof tliecbunty, and hasbeen handed down from father to son.It is now in the possession of B. F.Smart, greatgrandchild of MercerDaniel. It bids fair to make anothercentury run.aummer.A ! T1 T"IKJPMen's Tan Oxfords and Shoes, English Tastrothe Walk-Over make that fit so well,"at . $4.50 and $4iOOMen's Oxforsd in Tan and Gun Metal, of thefamous Walk-Over and Beacon makes, at 3.50v ;Men's Oxfords, buttoif and lace, bench made,at $3.49 and 3.99Men's Patent and Gun Metal Oxfords, best vmakes, at 1! .99Boys' Shoes and Oxfords in allstyles, atarad Oxfords at Lowest Pricesr(r tar tct tvt ? essn&H afbaBiaaB ksSks . Sszo--EconomyTRACTION COMPANY ADOPTS-NEW RATE SCHEDULE.Beginning on June 20, the KentuckyTraction & Terminal Company willestablish an entirely new schedule ofrates upon its interurban lines1 centering in Lexington, the new rates being made to conform to the two and ahalf cent rate law passed by the lastsession of the General Assembly.This law has been construed to applyto interurbans as well as" steam roads,the latter having already taken stepsto put the new rate into effect and thesame time.The most significant feature of thenew change rates is that it will entirely abolish the old five-cent farezones, and fare points, the minimumrate as provided in the new law, being ten cents..This will affect a large number ofinterurban patrons living within twomiles of Lexington, Paris, Versailleand Geogretown, who have up to thistime been enjoying the advantage ofa five-cent interurban service.Outside of the increase in the minimum fare from five to ten cents themost marked change affecting localpatrons of the interurban service isrates from Paris, Lexington, Versailles and Georgetown. The rate tothese places is raised five cents ineach direction. The rate from Paristo Lexington will be forty-five centsinstead of forty cents, as at present.The special rates to Blue Grass Parkfrom Lexington and other points effective as summer round trip excursinos will not be changed. The ratefrom Paris to the Country Club, 35also remains unchanged .BURR GROUND MEALYour grocer sellsBurr GroundManufacturedMeal. Give it a trialbyMILLERSBURG MILLS(22-1 mo)FIRST EDITOR EVERHEARD OF HAVING 325.John Wallace, a linotype operator,found in the Republican office atCorydon, Ind., 825 in cash, which hadbeen hidden there by Ben F. Self, theformer editor, who died about twomonths ago. The building, used as anewspaper office, was formerly occupoed by a bank and the money washidden in an old vault. Since theeditor's death other . small amounts Lahve been found, the total aggregating ?1,000.Vale, Tango!High Bridge Dr. H. C. Morrison,President of Ashby College, at Wilmore, three miles from High Bridge,censors papers and magazines' so thatthey will be safe reading for hischarges. It is said that he recentlytore from an Eastern publication adouble page in colors advertising atalking machine in which dancers ofthe tango were shown.Receipts For State Employes.Frankfort Receipts to be used byState employes are being printed forthe Auditor's office, and will be distributed before Juife 16, when the lawrequiring them to file itemized expense accounts and receipts for allexpenditures over one dollar, becomesj operative. A special form of receiptwill be used.Shoes Should Be iHave Long Heldleathers and$ 1 .99 and1'.41rootwsar !ie i'g n s2Thomas &Fire,i Lierhtninp;i s5 Protect Your Growing jTobaccoHAILOnly First-Class CompaniesLEXINGTON MAN INMOTORCYCLE ACCIDENTBenjamin . Combs, of the TenBroeck Tire & Rubbe Co., Lexington,was painfully hurt in a motorcycle accident near Paris, Saturday afternoon.Mr. Combs and B. J. Rogers, of theTen Broeck Company, came to Parison a business trip, and while approaching the Langston bridge, nearParis, Mr. Combs had a bad spill, inwhich he sustained a number of severe cuts and bruises, - and in addition, there is some fear that his kneecap was fractured.The accident was caused by thefront wheel of his machine droppingPureOpenKettleRenderedLard$6.00per 50 lb. canThis Week onlyBaldwinBros.,Paris, Kentucky 8Both Phones 2932(Don't WorryYourself During theI?4Bi2 Cos-ne Bra and We Wtifi StSjlT2sa Qtaick erad asy .IVIeaS for Voo,Sliced Ham, vfVsinced Ham,Dried Beef, -Bologna,Imported Swiss Cheese, .Brick Cheese, 'Pimento Cheese,- Snappy Cheese,N. Y. Cream CheeseCanned Meats of All Kinds.Stone's Famous Silver Slice Cakes.C. LENISIARCash Grocery,WoodfordWind,Insu ranee! !s::AgainstC.Represented j.into a chuch hole at the end of thebridge, twisting the wheel out of therider's hands, and throwing him somethirty feet clear of the machine,which was more or less damaged.Mr. Combs was taken to Lexington Sunday night on an interurban.car, and his injuries are said to bevery serious.OLDEST IN THE 3USINESS.Lawn mowers sharpened and repaired. Oldest antomobile- and machine repair shop in the city.SM'L KERSLAKE & SON,East cor. Third and Pleasant Sts.(15m-2mo)TEighth and Main. No Delivery5 No PhonesNo CreditSSliced Ham ber lb 25cSliced Breakfast Bacon, lb 25cFresh Pork Sausage, per. lb 18c' Chuck Steak, per lb 16cRound Steak, per lb 18cLoin Steak, per lb 20cPorterhouse Steak, per lb.. 22cPlate Roast, per lb 12jcChuck Roast, per lb 15cRib Roast, per lb 16cRump Roast, per lb 15cPork Chops, per lb IScPork Roast, per lb 16cPure Lard, per lb 14cFresh Fish Received Dailv.iYt .-,M. J. Heller' &CO.tfMHOUSEiLBoth Phones 234 - -mWHHHPVWNHOVHnnHIVPr