, "Xi.iyTHE BOURBON NEWSPUBLISHED EVERY TUESDAY AND FRIDAY IN THE YEAR..V-4 V"VOLUME XXXVIIPARIS, BOURBON COUNTY, KENTUCKY, TUESDAY, WAY 29, 1917,vKVtCWIND AND RAINDO GREAT DAMAGEP. H. S. STUDENTS7CLEVER PLAYLETA PLEA FOR JUSTICE.Vv'IND, RAIN AND LIGHTNING PAYCOUNTY TWO VISITS CAUSINGDAMAGE.Tli is section of the State, as well asninny oiners, sunerea in. successionj existing are ready and anxious to Ira-jprove those conditions, while on theA great deal has been said 'about other hand, there are always somethe proposed School Bond issue, .which equally as well meaning who fail; unburn not nave oeen said. Many taise til it is too late, to see their obliga--rumors have been started referring to tion to humanity.diidii c fto.MMA, , ax -,- ,-., Pravagant salaries and wasted funds? I. w. ..-v, WniUlllrtL rLMTLCI "CV- nrirMeT, f u .1.. .1 xp..wwmu ui u. iiuiuuer ul me uvyaivERYSTUDENT,"THIS ISSUE.REPRINTED INTHE NEWS in this issue reprints inits entirety the cleverly conceivedfrom visitations of wind. rain, hail and playlet, "Everystudent " written withlvhtning Saturday night, Sunday af-'out outside su&sestion or any otherternoon and Sunday night, in storms nelP' y tlie following members of thetaat almost rivaled in scenic effects I Junior Class of the Paris High School:fae vivid display of the "Walpurgis,Misses Elizabeth Clarke, EleanorNight' in "Faust" Lytle, Edna Snapjp, Fanny Heller andFollowing a nerlod of rnmnnrnHvP. JThema Squires; Messrs. Raymond., qh ai ,,MfhD oof, " Connell, Robert Lavin and Fithianirni and calm weather up to Saturday night, a storm cloud gathered,!hich burst in unparalled fury overFsris and Bourbon county, beginningaxout eleven o'clock and continuingalmost without interruption until alate hour Sunday morning. "The storm was accomfPanied by ahaavy downpour of rain, which sooncaoked up the city surface water sewers, they being unequal to the task ofcarrying off the large volume of water which discended so suddenly andcontinued. The heavens wereRye.The playlet is a little gem of literary merit, detailing the remarkableexperiences of Everystudent in astruggle against worldly pleasures,for an education. It is in every way aremarkable production and one worthyof the highestexcellence.cotmmendation for itsEVERYSTUDENT."-nth electrical displays, heavy peals oflaunder mingling with, it like the deepb&ss of an orchestral instrument. Highbove all these sounds the shriekingof a heavy gale of wind sounded,making the night one of terror.The creeks and branches throughout the county were soon overflowedcausing considerable property loss.Travel was seriously impeded forcountry people Sunday morning in?ome sections as a result of the?"5follen streams. Shade trees were de'iD'lished, shrubbery and gardensbRten down by the wind and rain,vr'sile in some places wreckage anddebris from fields were piled on thepikes.Sunday afternoon the skies againassumed a threatening aspect, rain,accompanied by hail fell for a time, What isheAping the damage wrought by the ' EverybodyACT I.bright .Time PresentPlace P. H. S.ACT II.Time : PresentPlace Everystudent's RoomACT II.Time PresentPlace Everystudent's RoomDRAMATIS PERSONAE.Industry RoughTough SlothEverystudent FlirtEverybody FrivolityKnowledge GigglesAmbition TeachersPROLOGUE.It is indeed fitting that Everybodyshould be selected for the prologue,for who knows better than Everybodybest for Everystudenthas had experience inments have been imade by persons forgetting the fact that a Public Schoolic for the benefit of the whole peopleand not for a few.These questions of salaries and operating expenses have no bearingwhatever on the question of crowdedRumors have also been circulated thatwe are enlisting the support of ignorance in order to carry our point, whenthe truth is, we want every man andwoman in the city of Paris to vote andvote intelligently on the subject "Wewant to serve you as the majority ofyou want to be served. We are anx-conditions. We have no desire what-'lous to kow how the whole city feelsever to dodge these issues in theirproper order; but the thing we areasking you" for nojv is a bond issue toenable us to remove 131 children frombasements that are unsanitary, a menace not only to the health of thechildren in those rooms, but throughthem to the rest of the school and. thewhole -community.Some people1 have the idea that eachdepartment has a separate room andby cutting out music, drawing, manual training and gymnasium four surplus room would be available, whenj j u tu v. coc uc I Will finrl ft vprv little nnrnrmrori wiftiItlfirflYlfiTlfo orv r w ! iirt1 .'l'a'ucw 6Ji"""oiuui uuu wauutti ,t10 l,onaRt? i, i,:iitraining nave rooms at an, anutoward the efforts that are being madeto improve the school and make bettercitizens of the men and women of tomorrow and for this reason we welcome the Viva-Voce vote thawe mayknow those who are for it and- thoseho are against itThe increase in taxes is practicallynothing to the poor man, and less tothose able to pay. This is being exaggerated. Investigate this, find outthe assessed valuation of your property in the city and ask how muchincrease you will have to pay. You...................,................,.......,;WE KNOW HOW III - !!:?tonn of the night before. t j,e affairs of life and can well giveSunday night the elements took the a(Vice to Everystudent, and thoughwarpath again, and held high carnival, Everystudent may spurn Everybody,their combined forces repeating theassault of Saturday night. In Paristhe storm was especially severe in thedestruction of trees. Telephone lines.fre put out of commission, commum-in the end it is with Everybodny's helpthat Everystudent is fitted for thepart in life.It is not the purpose of this playto make Everystudent a model man.neither of these could possibly be used for school rooms, both being in thebasementWe, as your Board of Education,have not jumped at conclusions.' Wehave not thoughtlessly called for anelection to vote bonds without thoroughly threshing out every suggestionas to location, fire prevention, roomsabsolutely necessary, operating expenses and prevailing "high cost of material and scarcity of labor. We havenot relied on our own judgments inany one of these matters. We havehad the building inspected by severalof the best architects to be had, competent physicians, exeprienced schoolmen, competent business men, ladiesof the Parent-Teachers' Associationand many of our best citizens.The conditions now existing at theCity School have not all developedduring the (present year. The gradualncrease in attendance has compelledthe Board to utilize one after the other of the basement rooms (never intended for school rooms and unfit forthat purpose) until all are now beingused. Two small half rooms, whichare almost indispensible as rest roomswill get.We are confident that we are rightin asking that these conditions bechanged', and if the children of Parispre not in the future given the opportunity to get an education in roomsproperly lighted and ventilated and iftheir constitutions are impaired bydiseases, sucli as rheumatism and tuberculosis, resulting from confinementin damp basement rooms; we feel thatit will be the fault of those who votedagainst the bond issue and those whodo not vote al all.R. F. CLENDENIN. PresidentM. PEALE COLLIER, Vice-Pres.N. H. RION, Secretary.A. B. HANCOCK,J. S. WILSON.C. 0. HINTON.GENTLEMENGET READY!for teachers and uunils who have sud-,i0 -no.L-c r ;no0 1,0 v i,on ,.. rem tery, or who occasionally visitATTENTION, MOTORISTS!Several accidents have been narrowly averted at the entrance of theParis Cemetery through neglect ofmotorists to sound their horns. OnSaturday two little children came narbeing run over as they came out ofthe cemetery as a motor vehicle camein. All owners of cars who visit theIt Is Time ToWear LowCut Shoesand you cannot becomfortable in hotweather unless vouhave on a pair of easy, stylish, serviceable oxfordsfrom our store. Blacks, chrome calf, vici kid, tansand Russia calf; snappy toe for the man who wantsthe extreme Enerlishstyle and the broadtarsic toe for the manwho wants comfort.NETTLETONShoes are Bestand when you investyour money m a pairof Nettleton Shoes you have safeguarded your feetas well as the investment of your money. Buy nowwhile the stock is complete.Ask any one who has been accustomed tobuying their shoes from our store and theanswer will be that Mitchell & Blakemore'sShoes are the most serviceable valuestown for the money.V iyincaiion with many outside points being but "to hold as 'twere the mirror upiranossible. The home of Mr. M. R. to nature," and showJcoby, near Hutchison, was struck by that which Everybody knows him to jIfentniifg and set on' fire, the damage Le.being confined to a pantry and clothes Now, it Everystudent goes to the Jcloset. Neighbors who were called picture show at night, or winks at tin ,ly phone, responded, and assisted in girl across the aisle, do not be horribduing the flames. The bolt struck fied, but just remember that Every-!an iron nine on the roof, passed body was once young. So' be prepar-1through the house from top to bottom, ed and Everybody will not expect too ;leaving its trail oh the walls and much of Everystudent m this play,woodwork. jThe service of both the Cumberland ' ACT I.sol Home Telephone companies, the Time Present. Place Schoolroomelectric light company, the interurban f (Class assembles.)service of the Kentucky Traction & EVERYSTUDENT What say youTerminal Co. in this city, were severe-jraDition, are you willing to be myly hampered by the stonm. For a time constant companion during this mycrossed wires placed the city in Sty-,- for Knowledge??ian darkness. The storm was the se-. AMBITION Truly Everystudent, onerest of recent years. j this condition, that you accept myThe storm was especially severe at faithful friend, Industry, as your comMillersburg. the business portion of j.anion.the city receiving the "brunt of the j EVERYSTUDENT Oh, then it is ablow. The 110-foot steel flagstaff on case cf iove me love my dog." Butcd into school rooms, and these arebadly lighted. Part of the teaching ofFverVStudent al' I ucifaiimcm, is uumg uuiiu ill ui'Minnr iirnni riii. s nmnr fan ni tm"teaching of one grade is being done inthe Auditorium. Thus with every roomin the building occupied for schoolpurposes, there is absolutely no placefor the small children to play duringrecess and at noon in bad weather, except in the cold dark baseonent corridors.We are serving without one dollarof compensation, and the only possiblereward we can receive is the consciousness that we have been of someservice to the community and humanity, in giving the children of Paris sanitary school quarters and a competentcorps of teachers to instruct them.And right here it might be well to re-I members that these same children willtl r V T frrminds. which was tohave been dedicated with an imposingceremonial flag-raising and exercise,was blown down. The wind 'raisgdthe roof of the M. M. I. building, placing the house in great peril for a time.The roof of the flat over Ingels Bros.'dry goods store was blown off, thetefrifncrain ruining their stock andthe rooms above. The roof was blownofi the Masonic Temple. The grocerystock of Jones Bros., who occupied tlwstoreroom on the ground floor, was;badly damaged. The roof of Uie building occupied by S. H. Phillips as atea-cent store was partly blown away,causing considerable damage. Shade,trees, water gaps, foliage, shrubbery,;fencing, etc., sunerea(Continued on Page 2.MANY HAPPY HOMES.Many happy homes exist to-day,which would never have been possibleexcept for the helpful aid of the Bourbon Building & Loan Association, andmany grateful families bless the name treacheryof our association for the happy homeswhich they enjoy.Start in our new series, which opensSaturday, June 2, and become ownhome owners.WILL S. ARNSPARGER,(29-2t) Secretary.be the imen and women of Paris in afew years and should be as efficientas we can make them.To render such service we are sensible of the fact that we must layaside all personal desires' to furtherthe interests of friends and keep onlythe welfare 6f the children in mind. Indoing this some of us are often compelled to cast our vote against personal friends and blood! relations.For these reasons we are often charged with disloyalty, ingratitude andgardens,from' TO KODAK PHOTOGRAPHERS!the effects of wind and water.Tim onnrrfite.inavenient onSixthIs it any wonder that our best cit-irens are loth to accept such, a (position. Is it any wonder that PublicSchools are often used to further the! interests of office-seekers and politi-jcians?j Rumors are being circulated whichare calculated to make those who arernot informd as to conditions, believethat we are asking you for fundscash ,price for which are not needed. Will you be-(not pictures neve that we are sucn traitors as tins,1 will pay a liberalm m Piris where the foundation good kodak negatives (not pictures neve mat we are sucn traitors as mis.Street, m icuis, ;; ,.,, f t,,o T7nvnrl Rimmr. 'without first. Erettintr the informationwork for the new Kress Duiiuing was n phul&j wrch n.- ... - D D - -mlV-av was undermined by the fish fry on Tuesday, May 22. Call or from some one who knows the condi-nf ;no wind an(i Water, and gave mail film to A. R. Jonhs, Paris, Ky. ditions? Isn't there some one of thewaTnLMtaUng a arge Quantity of ,00 not telephone! (It) Board or of the teaching corps, or ofTriKd cement iito the ex- . .the Parent-Teachers' Association inpreseu "" rvnrien. ' Amnnr the. roin-in-the-slot novelties whom you can place enough confidenceCaVatlOn. WOOUS '" - ", " , , fi, nhli nlnnc t holiovo whnt Hiov cav?r,f tuo mil- 1 is an eiecLnu iu.ii iui cue iuu t..uwU. v w.v.v, .. w ww wj .IMiere, are urgently requested to please ,sound their horns on entering or leaving the gates.Mitchell & BlakemoreManhattan Shirts Nettleton Shoes Stetson Hats9 Mill 999m9999mvUrrect StylesFor Young Men!I Young Men who are LookingFor the Latest StylesShould Come HereThe leading clothingmakers in the countryhave designed our clothes, and theyare alive with youth. We havejust received a new shipment of suits, andwe invite you to come in and inspect them.The new belt all around in single and double breasted and the loose belt and pinchbacks are represented in the newest patterns in greens, greys, browns and fancymixtures, also plaids. These are the usual good values we have always given youand the tailoring, fabrics and colors are all guaranteed.$18.00 $20.00 $22.50It is impossible for aa haircilt to look artisticwho have the contractcrete work, sustained a loss o about$25(T by the cave-in, the cement forthe -most part "being a total loss.iJ.tobacco barn, two stables and atenant house on the place of Mr.Ashbv Leer, near Millersburg, werehlown down, killing eight sheep in thebarn. A tobacco barn on the farm ofThos. Marshall was blown down. Thecadets at the M. M. I. were up atfour o'clock yesterday morning chopping fallen trees from the campus anddrill grounds.On the fanms of Mr. Chas. S. Bailsnd Mrs. J. S. Simms. near Paris,thrpp lanre barns were unroofed. Allthe trees in a big orchard on Mrs.;peqple hemg kjued.Simms' place were'leveiea witn uieground.- kn excursion train from NaturalBridge to Maysville was caught in thestorm between Miuersuurs uv v-Amnnir the co in-in-the-slot novelties 'whom ywnicn uojou prefer to believe, the teacher whoman needing JaDors witn your children every day,Via rmT.arta rlir natrnntTO fho cnlinnland knows conditions, or the childlessStraw Mat Season is Onlisle. A large tree blew down just asthe train was passing, smashing allthe windows on that side of a car.Several persons were cut by the shattered glass. Trainmen cleared awaythe tree and the train proceeded toMaysville.The daily papers tell of severestorms in six States, being especi;men and women, or if not childless,the 'men and women whose childrenhave passed the Public School age?By this reference we do not mean tosay that the dividing line lies betweenthe fathers and mothers with childrenof school age and the childless menand women, together with those fathers and mothers whose childrenhave passed the Public School ageffor such is not the case. Many ofii.. n..n ; Tllinrvic whprA the1U SClc " x., H,neo -urVinm ClnA Vioc rlfntnrl nna nfIstonn was the cause of hundreds of MfM f !,,,,,: n anliiv. 5icaicoi, jl uii uicooiugo, aic wulisting on the side for a better citizen-. -111 u ' I ship. Many of those whose children?Firt, Wind and Lightning in- fcave passed the pUbnc school age.Slirancc. S .! and wno' PernaPs have experiencedMcCLURC & DONALDSON, conditions equally as-bad as those now2" - ' " " -iAnd we are prepared to give you the the very latest styles in Knox .and HopkinsStraws and Panamas. Also you will find here the hew Mackinaws and Milans inthe latest styles. We have the shape to suit your face, and we are sure the pricesare right.STRAWS$1.50 to $5.00PANAMAS$4.00 to $6.00MILANS AND MACKINAWS$3.00 to $5.00LEGHORNS$1.00 to $4.00R. P. Walsh7th & Main ONE-PRICE STORE Paris, Ky.!VsPAGE TWOTHE BOURBON NEWS, PARIS, KY.i imtmm JSmtmttkmtm tamimtmm mm mmmmmmm mTUESDAY, MAY 2, 1917.TTl O 1 XT young man you know Better than that; fairs. I don't see why we can't go'-jUblished 188135 Yearstinuous Publication.!go around the other way. Where haveof Con- 'ou heen?EVERYSTUDENT I just steppedout into the hall to see the artisticablished Every Tuesday and Friday. I designs on the walls by the P. H. S.r Year... $2.00 Six Months... $1.00 jaeacons.Payable in Advance.SWIFT Ci'AMP, Editor and Owne,PLAY WRITTEN BY JUNIORSTUDENTS OF P. H. S.Continued from Page 1.)ively you, Rough and Tough, will&company me without conditions.TOUGH Naw, you got to get anTerage of seventy-five before- you canIfick around with me..ROUGH Same here.EVERYSTUDENT Well, 'how am3 going to get this average?TOUGH You will have to get onifce good side of Industry. He is agood fellow to know anyway. Howabout it. Rough? 'ROUGH Sure thing. What do youtfcink. Everybody?EVERYBODY Everybody approvesof Industry. But, hush, he -comes.(Enter Industry.)EVERYSTUDENT (throwing uphis hands in amazement) Ye gods,?3d is this the much beloved Industry! I am afraid I shall have to seekelsewhere for my companions.EVERYBODY (sadly.) Ah, Everystudent, I believe you are inclined tospurn good companions. You shouldfreed the advice of Everybody.EVERYSTUDENT Everybody doesnot always know. But who are thesejairy damsels I see approaching? I"wonder if one of them is Knowledge?INDUSTRY Huh! Knowledge neverassociated with such as that.(Enter Frivolity, Flirt and Giggles.)EVERYSTUDENT Aha, and theseare fit companions for me.FLIRT Yes. Everystudent, we shallgladly be your companions.EVERYSTUDENT And upon whatconditions?GIGGLES We shall be friends toany good fellow without conditions.We'd even be friends to Everybodywere he willing.EVERYSTUDENT-Say, do you girls"know this guy, Industry? The oldorl yonder in the corner "withspectacles on nose and pouch on side.'A veritable Solomon.FRIVOLITY What,Why. he would weareSges of pleasure.'Enter Mr. White.)MR. WHITE Youwaking enough noise in here. Whatdo you think that is, a Kindergarten?Where is Sloth? Late, as usual, Iguess.EVERYSTUDENT Of course he is,how could you exepct him to be ontiwe? For goodness sake, pleaseshow us how to get these "originals."I have worked half an hour on themthat grind7off the sharpare certainlyMRS. PROCTOR All right, but youmust not be late for your classes anymore. (To Flirt and Rough, who aretalking) "Fermex la bouche," andRough, please throw that chewing gumaway. Sloth, you may tell me whowrote Robinson Crusoe.SLOTH P P Please ma m I 1 Ididn't.MRS. PROCTOR Well, Sloth, letme inform you that this is a literary-work and no one would dare accuseyou of writing anything at all. Everystudent, who wrote it?EVERYSTUDENT Shakespeare.MRS. PROCTOR My goodness, af-jter teaching this class and then tohear any one say that Shakespearewrote Robinson Crusoe makes me feellike committing suicide. Everystudentyou would do wise, I think, to takesome notice of Industry. He and Ambition always know their lessons.(Bell rings.) Exit Mrs. Proctor.)(Enter Mr. Dawes.)FLIRT My, don't. Mr. Dawes looknice this morning?EVERYSTUDENT-Oh, he'll pass, butyou had better not try to flirt withhim, for he doesn't like you anyway.MR. DAWES Well, we have aboutEgypt to-day, haven't we? Everystudent you imay tell me about Menes.EVERYSTUDENT That was trashfound in old lakes. (General laughter.)MR. DAWES Let's not have thelaughing, please. Ambition, who washe?AMBITION Menes was an Egyptian king.MR. DAWES Certainly. Everystudent why don't you try and knowyour lessons better. I am afraid youare beginning to associate with badcompanions.(Bell rings.)MR. DAWES I hope, Everystudent,you will not forget who Menes was byto-morrow.(Exit Mr. Dawes.) (Enter Mr. Young,with a tooth pick.)MR. YOUNG Well, cousin Flirt andBrother Everystudent, what have youbeen doing in the way of climbing tothe top of the ladder?EVERYSTUDENT Oh, I took myfriend Flirt to the picture show lastnight and we had a "magnolias" time.MR. YOUNG Well, you should havepracticed your penmanship last evening, as you write like an old- henscratches. Let's have your attentionnow and I will read you a few practical advertisements to show you howmuch the world is calling for goodmen. All of the present men whohold a high position must die sometime and why don't you prepare to becne of the big ones?EVERYSTUDENT Just a minute.Professor, give me time to take onsgood breath.MR. YOUNG New let's see aboutwith Everystudent when w.e want to., GIGGLES That's me, too. Every-time we begin to get Everystudent topay us a little attention, same oldFogy comes in and spoils it all.FLIRT Oh, come, Everystudent, unless I am sadly mistaken you are going to accompany us and have a goodtime. (Aside to Giggles.) I know helikes me for he gave me the sweetestsmile this morning.GIGGLES (aside.) I expect yousmiled first.FLIRT (aside.) I did not, I beleveyou are jealous, but I know one thing,he'll leave Ambition alone if I askhim. ' IEVERYSTUDENT Well, comegirls, let's have a little friendly chatand I will promise not to mentionAmbition, Industry, Rough or, Tough.FRIVOLITY Now, you are talkingsensibly.EVERYSTUDENT I have been goit;"The Yellow Menace."GIGGLES (Giggling.) I knowyou took me the other night 'FLIRT Well, you have nothing onme; he has taken me several times.FRIVOLITY I love the pictureSLOTH That's what 1 say. That!Industry js a curious guy. When heisn't buried in a book, he's looking atme as good as to say, "You lazy, good-for-nothingthing, why don't you studyinstead of going with the girls." Everystudent, be a sport, don't sit looking so glum and don't dare say you'resorry, I'll punch your head if you do.GIGGLES He, he, Sloth, I didn'tthink you could get up enough energyto do that.EVERYSTUDENT I am not sorry,I'm just so glad to get rid' of- them thatI couldn't realize it at first.FRIVOLITY Don't you all knowI've had more fun this year than Iever have. I haven't gotten suchgood marks, but I just go to schoolfor the fun, don't you. all?GIGGLES Well, I should smile. Icertainly would hate to be a grind likeIndustry. I just detest him.SLOTH You are a girl after myown heart.GIGGLES I am not after youring to the best serial at the Alamo, heart, you must have a good opinionof vourself,SLOTH Oh, I didn't mean that. Imeant that you thought" just the sameas I did.GIGGLES You needn't crawfish, Iknow perfectly what you mean.GIGGLES He just finished tellingtoo much to miss, so I go whether me I was in love with him.Everystudent takes me or not. FLIRT Well of all things, as if any-EVERYSTUDENT Oh, this is no one could so much as look at himway to do. I am equally fond of fljL y0uof you. (Smiling sweetly on Flirt) lHkum e you know what IBut tell me who is your favorite mgntactress? i GIGGLES I'll take it for grantedFLIRT, FRIVOLITY, GIGGLES i do.(at once.) Billie Burke, Marguerite' EVERYSTUDENT Let's drop thatClarke, Mary Pickford. subject. I'm sure glad Ambition is notROUGH Everystudent, you had bet-! hanging around. I'll tell you what, I'llter get to work and study, instead "stand treat to-night Well all go toof tafking about moving pictures. That the picture ; show, of course ificlud-won't get you anywhere. , ,nLOTH-Of courfe." I'll go and afterEVERYSTUDENT-Great Caesar's l1 rVl take you to the Sweetghost! I forgot about studying. Iv'e ghopjust got to or I shall fail next month. EVERYSTUDENT It's a go then.FRIVOLITY Oh, you should worry. js jt?EVERYSTUDENT I certainly FRIVOLITY It is sure; but come.should. You all go on, I am going to 'girls, it is getting iaie, ieis buct,iv o,wi vnn npprln't trv tn keen nifi SLOTH 1 must ne going, 10;:::. (curtain.)11 Will 11"FLIRT Well, we don't want to, youhateful old thing; just go on and bea grind. I for one don't care.FRIVOLITY AND GIGGLES Nor I.ninnT.TTlc: Pnnin. Flirt, and Frivol-itv, the girls are practicing basket Passed this month I miss Rough and.an at uT, V ana Mr. Proctor ,. with -y y!.? j gthem. Let's go and see if there is any .... ... ni 2FRIVOLITY Well, that's a nice Jway to talk; you act like you don't jgwant us. If you feel that way about'ACT II.Time Present. Place Everystudent'r;Room.EVERYSTUDENT I wish I hadjr ijBRNLEYLEVERLESSCULTIVATOR!mHow Tis Different jAnybody can t adjust.Anybody can operate.Does more even plowing.Does better work.Does more work.Easiest on team.Easiest to handle.Fewest parts to wear and break.No ratchets to wear or break.Less for operator to do.Gangs will balance any weight operator.No levers to operate.No springs to weaken.No neck weightPerfectly balanced pole.Simplest in construction.Will last far longer.No masts, pivots or axles to bother.Just Compare It!possible chance of having passed inEnglish.,(Exit Flirt, Frivolity and Giggles.)ROUGH Gee, I am glad they aro iL you i,a(i better get to work and per-!gone. I just can't study with a bunch haps your favorite companions will re-1of girls around. ,turn. IrcvrcnVRTTTnENT I can't either. I EYEinSTUUUiiW u, 1 uoni. miow1.1 ,-, crio i,n riri tn knnw that I want to work, but younuuiu juoi fcv " ""I passed in everything orwhethernot.AMBITION I hope you did.EVERYBODY Everybody hopesyou did, EverystudPiit. but it is doubt- not to mention Ambition,ful, for you have visited the picture Tough.shows and pool rooms too often of k GIGGLES Oh. let's cut this out andknowRough and Tough .e good fellows, i JStill I am very fond of you girls. 'FLIRT That is rather hard to be-lieve; you don't "suit the action to theword." The other day you promisedRough and wi wiCop. Fourth and Pleasant Sti.late and have been thinking entirelytoo much of Flirt, Frivolity and Giggles. INDUSTRY You are quite right.Everybody.EVERYSTUDENT (sarcastically,)talk about how perfectly grand the and with your aid find Knowledge, pleasures I can have without themminstrel was last night. Didn't you all Then Hope would return and Every- taking my mind from my studies I willthink the scenery was beautiful? body would have faith in me. But enjoy them. But they must not inter-SLOTII It sure was. these things are not for me. I must fere with my studies.FRIVOLITY Why were you not in reap what I have sown. But it seems (Enter Everybody.)it. Sloth? to me I have already reaped my liar EVERYBODY Everystudent, I hearSLOTH Oh, anything like that re- vest, and it is only fair that I should you have accepted Ambition and In-,nmp truth in it but "mirabile dictu." EVERYSTUDENT 1 wouldn t ten gjn at the beginning, Oh, how difter- see it and I know you will be a suc-,. t,i.,ow CnooL- Ambition eoneratu- it: I certainly would be ashamed to ent my course would be! cess. Everybody will stick to you,1 IJI1ULL- . lliUUQtl J Ulvu m ---. - ---- w- . , , - . , t!ii1 1.5 . . . . .little bit3sd can't get them yet.MR. WHITE Well, Everystudent, if j this fellow. Courtney. Rough was tryyou would just spend one half as much I ing to imitate his writing and onlytime on Geometery as you do on tha crPpp,iGfi in breakinir his susnenders.lxxl-room and picture show, vou might nmnti.o T-r.nr nonmnnQhin TCvorvstn- Hear. hear. Solomon approves of Ev- mijres too much work, and as you now be given a chauce to sow new dustry as companions. You have turn-know something. Why don't you take ,if oC hio -nHH i mnttmitlv rallintr ervbodv's speech, so I presume it has know, work and I are bitter enemies, seeds. Were I given the chance to be- ed into the right path. I am glad to, V.W..., w .- ---,- --. w - ..Industry as a companion? I am sifreEverybody thinks that is good adviceEVERYBODY Ay. good advice, indeed. But good advice is like medicine, easy to give but hard to take.t Enter Sloth.)MR. WHITE -Good morning. Sloth,"better late than never." You maybe in time for some of your classes.fBell rings for changing classes.)(Exit Mr. White.) (Enter Miss Butler.)MISS BUTLER Well, we are allhereall about the lesson.EVERYSTUDENT (aside.) , Greatguns, I am in for it now.) Really MissButler, I attended the basket ballgame last night, and I was so excitedbefore it and so sleepy afterwards that1 just couldn't study.MISS BUTLER Of course, if thatIf the case. Rough and Tough knownothing either, for I am sure they werewith you. Ambition and Industry, Ipresume are the only ones who knowtheir lessons, so we shall have thsame one again to-morrew. You woulddo well, Everystudent, to cultivatetheir acquaintance.EVERYSTUDENT Oh, Ambitionand I are pals, although I apn not fondof Industry.MISS BUTLER Well you ought to!T7i'ir'nvcT'TTnTr!V'r 1 wouldn't toll. . a ti it mil ill 11.1 !- iiii-i ii. iji'iift-ikiii ii.jAft - - - -4AM fnl - ISMIIIP I I lllll 111 1L. UUb M.M.M lt-fc v.. -- - -iUl &UUU 111U1I.f L-s j"t i i rinrrc i i.vii 11 r i iiiiiiw i iniiim.i t t iiu.uiLtJ a.mw-- ,,-..,ucu iw.bo., -. ..x.. '" -- .... , ... ... , Snv ihsit T couldn't worK a(School closes.) late your companion tor at m ieau. --; of p K gEVERYSTUDENT Come. Ambition. ling how to talk. It is the first time FURTpiease stop preaching. EvI think I shall go with you if you will; in these many years ne nab peuim- ervstU(ient, I don't think you are anylet me.AMBITION Why certainly, comeon. perhaps I can persuade youwelcome inuusiry as a eumimuiuu.(CURTAIN.)EVERYSTUDENT Oh,ence, you whoACT II.Everystudent you may tell us Time Present. Plare -Everystu-dent's RoomEVERYSTUDENT School is over,now we can have a good time.EVERYBODY-Ah, Everystudent, youare searching for Knowledge, yet youstart out by barely smiling at Ambition, and shunning Industry altogether.Do you think everybody approves ofsuch actions?EVERYSTUDENT Oh, fiddlesticks!What do I care what Everybody thinksjust so I have a good time." And I'mgoing to find Knowledge, too.EVERYBODY You may, but if youdo you will certainly have to have Ambition. I warn you, Everystudent,that before you find Knowledge youmust accept Ambition and Industry ascompanions and I also advise that youdo this now, for soon it may be too(Enter Ambition followed by Flirt, Everystudent, through thick and thin.Frivolity and Giggles.) (Enter Rough and Tough.)FRIVOLITY Everystudent, I hope TOUGH What's this I hear, Everyvou are satisfied Ambition has come student? We met Frivolity and Gig-ted us to hear his melodious voice. too-fond of Industry. But, Evcrystu- back. gles down town with Sloth and theyINDUSTRY Everystudent, you dent, you certainlv looked grand, and GIGGLES Yes, just look at him. said some marvelous change had cometo i make all the fun you wisn, uut me i thought the siuors wore jusl iuiu. Everystudent. it you begin stuuymg over you. inaL you looKeu as solemnIhq win mimp wliP.n I shall be vour And those dresses, weren l uie. alui don't try to have a good time as a judge ana taiKed as it you wouiubest triend .pretty? you'll look like that nigh and mighty accept Ambition and Industry as com-mv consci-' uiuuuca -n u an jm. "cvu; leuow. wucs.grand. But it ought to have been for FLIRT My goodness, wouldn't that EVERYBODY Tough, he has ac-tviJoc Ytroirfl onil flip linvs worked SO i.n nolnmilv? Tf ovor vmi TT.vorv. ppntpH thpm anil nnthinc Vina pvp". , mii30 , --. .,.... - -- uy- a luiuuia; 11 v v j " .- . v j .vx. ...w. ..v ..wv....0 ... w .(Hirt, i'nvoiii anu uis0it-& man ,ar(j There surely was a big crowd, student". I shall say you never were pleased me more,in.) FRIVOLITY Come on girls, I have my friend. " I ROUGH (Shaking Everystudent'sFRIVOLITY Goody, goody, Every- to go down town. EVERYSTUDENT (coldly.) You hand.) Congratulations, old chap. Istudent, you failed in two studies.! (Exit Flirt, Frivolity and Giggles.) n,ay g0f Giggles, Flirt and Frivolity, I knew you had common sense. We willThat's what you get for being so mean ' SLOTH Oh, I say, Everystudent, want nothing more to do with you. If be your comrades for I know you aret i let's go to the pool-room, maybe w had never gone with you I would going to study.vnnnv ThnpQ whit 1ip cets ' shall meet the girls. i,e a great deal happier than 1 ami EVERYSTUDENT. I believe I willEVER BODY That s vnat ne gets EVERYSTUDENT You go on. I now. start now and see how it is to work,for being attentive to you and laMiifc nt wjmt tQ am tire(1 of doing FLIRT(indignantly.) We certain- Conie let's all study,you to picture shows. nothing but wasting time. I just dis- v wm g0, but first let me tell you (They sit down and begin studying.)INDUSTRY Aye. you, Flirt, Frivol- j vered to-day how ignorant I was. Everystudent, that I think you are (Enter Knlwledge.)ity and Giggles, have been Mie cause ; SLOTH "Where Ignorance is bliss, the meanest boy I ever saw. j KNOWLEDGE Is brother Industryof Everystudent's lack of interest in 'tis folly to be wise." I FRIVOLITY Yes sir, you are, and here?j EVERYSTUUiUiM 'mat may appiy you change every minute; i wouia iwjjubtki were j am sister, iv-Oh, shut up, ali to you, but it doesn't to me. , hate to think I couldn't stay one way ( erystuoent, no you Know wno tms is:SLOTH uy wnai means aim mwhat manner my worthy friend, didvnn 'Jlicnrwnr- Tp-nnrnnoo? MavliaDS itFRIVOLITY We saw Mr. and Mrs. nnnrnnPiieci voll with an awful mien, or i i,nnw i1P .fil bp. clad to see us.Proctor going home and they said you perchance it was only a vision. Did (Ex,t piirt. Frivolity and Giggles.)be fond of him. Otherwise how dot late. Some day, Everystudent, youyou expect to find Knowledge? Flirtyou and Sloth annoy me. EverytimeI look at you, you the smiling at eachother and never know your lessons.(Bell rings.) (Enter Mr. Proctor.)MR. PROCTOR Everystudent youmay conjugate the verb love in German. EVERYSTUDENT I don't believeI know anything about it.MR. PROCTOR My soul, such ignorance is appalling! I thought every;young man knew that word. Theyr.sually know it thoroughly,j ' EVERYSTUDENT Do you?MR. PROCTOR That will do, wewant no bright remarks in here.(Enter Mr. Hendricks.)will thank me for my advice, althoughnow yon think Everybody is middlesome. FRIVOLITY Oh. I wish Everybodyhis studies andEVERYSTUDENT-of you. Frivolity, you have not beengone long enough to go to thefor at least an hour. jCome, Knowledge, here Is Everystu-i GIGGLES P, come, what's the use dent, who has accepted Ambition asof quarreling?' Let's go and find Sloth. ! companions.knowledge And is this Everystudent? I have heard Everystudent.would leave us alone; such talking isjcept me as a companiontoo serious for me. Everystudent 1think you would be real silly to listento that old busybody. Let us be yourcompanions and we will assure you ajolly good time.' EVERYSTUDENT There is something in what you say, Frivolity. I amreally thonking seriously of cuttingall acquaintance with Ambition.AMBITION Oh, Everystudent, yousurely would not do that. You cannot get on in this world without me,as you will find out sooner or later.MR. HENDRICKS I just came in to j FLIRT Let that old pill alone,emphasize the fact that we don't 'Everystudent. Don't you think thatwant any high school boys mistreating the smaller boys. Everythingthat is done herq is blamed on thehigh school boys, is seems. I alsowant to emphasize that no one will be ! of hinting.allowed to go in the gymnasium without my permission.(Bell rings. (Exit Mr. Proctor . andMr. Hendricks. (Everystudent goes outunseen.) (Enter Mrs. Proctor.)MRS. PROCTOR Where is Everystudent?ice cream would taste good, it's sohot to-day.GIGGLES (aside). Why didn't youjust tell him to get you some insteadFLIRT (aside.) I can't take a hintand I don't want to knock him down.(Enter Rough and Tough.)TOUGH You had better leave thoseJanes alone, Everystudent. They'lljust get you in trouble, for you are already fast losing Ambition's friend(Enter Everystudent and goes to ship.-hisiseat,, the wrong way.) - ... s L FRD70LI.TY W.ellj J. never, some-"MRS. PROCTOR Now look her,-J'one is always meddling with our af-got seventj'-two in 'German and sev- you fly or (ud vou stand and lace tne AMBITION Pardon me, Everystu-j that you were seeking me, but I knewenty in English. I horrible monster? But no need to ask dent, I came back for Industry's you would never succeed until you ac-VMBITION Well Evervstudent, I vou that question, for one so gallant books. ! cept Ambition and my brother Indus-hir vmi firewell I do not care to as- as you could do nothing but battle EVERYSTUDENT Here they are. ' try. I am glad to be with you Every-n .you ... ,.' ...iin nnn i,p pnnJwith the foe. Am I not right but ot jmt Ambition please come back and bp student and so long as you keep Am-sociate with an) one vmo can ne con ,urae , am a compail,011 to me. i am tired of liv- bition and Industry, (which I hopenected with such marks. EVERYSTUDENT Oh, shut up imr ail idle existence. - will be forever), I will remain withINDUSTRY I. too, Everystudent. I wIth iL b . 'you.T rrr,,.o vnn n nhnilPP TO 'AC-. m Amir H. T 1..,... .,i fMilit ' .til 131 1 IV-1 Ci CI rtlllllUlll. I lUllll ,u.o jww w.... . J31..VJ1I1 iVIIU, I IVllU" juu uum. .-iii iand you Voll aiwavs were brave. But you you wiipii you uri abivuu . m uLet me help your companion that I would lie wining 1L you nccupiuu ministry.EVERYSTUDENT Oh, Ambition.must go;wmilfl not. so I urge you to try again, must do nothing rash(Exit Ambition and Industry.) you, and together we will banish Ig-ROUGH Tough and I also must go.inorance. Do not refuse me, I wouldfor Everystudent we told you at first ifbENT Precious littlethat you would have to get sevent- b Q1 If .. Amb.five before you could go with us. jtJon an(1 industry were With me. II last that I must have Industry before(Exit Rough and Tough.) )is witb their help only that I can find I can find KnowledgeEVERYBODY Everystudent, you Knowledge. I AMBITION I believe you arc sin-have been foolish you have associated SLOTH So, it is Knowledge you cero Kvorystudent, I hoard your con...jti, v.o,i mnnninns. scorned cood'are seeking my brave knight. When xor.miMnn with Flirt. Frivolity andWilli uuu . . . ... - -.-- , ,. EVERYSTUDENT.1I welcome you, oh Knowledge dear,I wnlrrmo vnn with n lipnrtv rhfprno one would be more welcome to me At .t . -iinvo nio ...Jth fr?Anfiip. 11 1 4 aV ... V. 1.1, Wl, ...v.. . .w.v.j.v lllllil iiiuurii., uiiic-oa a it- lookOWKMIKI'. UUt l IIUMJ luuiiu uui ii 'inowKnadvice neglected your studies, and as you nnd ner sue win ue an encmuviun Giggles. I shall call my mend inuus-a result have lost the respect of princess in a palaco. Is not that the try. (Enter Industry.)those whose friendship would have way the stony books run? To hunt 1N1USTRY Ambition, why have youbeen invaluable. Therefore, Everystu- for an enchanted maiden is a task , so , ? nmat hurry holllo t0neen iivuuauie. iciciuic' j too great for me, and since you cru- ,,,dent, I, Everbody, am going to leave .. f . . . h . vanish slU(l' ...To ono whom all your friends forsook.2I have sought you high, I have soughtyou low,I have dreamed of you, but now I know1 should have followed Ambition, yourfriend.And gone with industry to the end.3.Atsociate with Flirt, Frivolity,and Sloth. (Exit.)first I was foolish and scornedfriends true.Of empty pleasures more fond I grew;"But pleasures are like poppies spreadYou seize the bloom, the flower is.shed."Vo to vmir own devices. I have tried., ,,. , ..... (Ion!lr P(1Pn.nii AMBITION Come. Industry, liveryto overlook your faults and give you Everystudent, we may not meet again student has finally decided to acceptgood advice, but you have been un-.(BxiL) 'ou and as companions.f,,o tn F.vprvbodv. so go now and as- EVERYSTUDENT-I hope I shall INDUSTRY Fine, fine, Everystu-" "v, - 7 - i ... . ..... ... i. ..... n. ..... r.m i noirof imnol Iii Ml 1 fro 111 Miiirlif hnv'.i flolll I KI1IIW Villi H fl f UIU Hint c.known that I would never find young man to continue your former j 4.T.-.....i,wi, ., .. i.r,, ,i nnrnr. nnin-oQ At length Ambition. I received.(Everystudent, Flirt, Frivolity, Gig- ftR coulc, 'not ho,)e for anvthing else. EVERYSTUDENT Yes. Industry, I j And Ev'rybody in me believed,gles and Sloth remain quiet for a j naye -jveil up hope. Ambition an 1 have turned a new leaf and I mean to To go with Industry is not hard,while.) I Industry have left me and Everybody keep it spotless. 1 suppose I shallFRIVOLITY Well, there isn't anv has lost faith in me. Faith Oh, what have to give up all pleasures..... : v,,, ii;? nnnu fi,I i would I not give if Evervbodv had the INDUSTRY Indeed not, there areT ij i ,., ,. 'I confidence in me he once had. Faith nleasures you can enjoy and they will that will eat the cotton boll weevilrnu f J tIdJI fnr and HPe. best subjects to mortals not hurt you at all. You must not have been discouraged by learningThey worry me. lets cneer up, ior- ven aro nQ mQre for me oh Am thnk that you have to go around v-itli that it is cannibalistic in its tendenget school and lessons and have a- good bitIon aml industry, if you would give a long face. cies and will eat its companions astime. ., one more chance I would follow yoa EVERYSTUDENT If there aro any readily as weevils.-fN '',,TUESDAY, MAY 29, 1917.THE BOURBON NEWS, PARIS, KY.PAGE THREWLVANNOUNCEMENT."VjTe are authorized to announce thaigood Democrats below as candidiatesat lKm uXpnary ? AU?ulc, xsj.1, iu mi luu umvrcs uj wuiuithey aspire:FOR STATE SENATORLEE WAINSCOTT,Clark County.GEORGE HON,Clark County.ABRAM RENICK,Clark County.FOR REPRESENTATIVE.C. M. THOMASFOR SHERIFF.WILL G. McCLINTOCK,.kvu Doc Marshall and Bob Gilkey asdeputies.L. A. SOPER,With D. E. Clarke and L. C. Ashcraftas deputies.FOR COUNTY JUDGE.GEORGE BATTERTONc. a. McMillan.FOR COUNTY ATTORNEYDAVID D. CLINE.COUNTY SUPERINTENDENT OFSCHOOLS.t J. B. CAYWOOD.MISS MABEL ROBBINS,FOR JAILERGEO. W. JUDYTHOS. TAUL,JOHN H. DOTY,WALKER KISER,C. T. MASTERSON,W. O. BUTLER,JOHN W. KING,J. W. HART.FOR ASSESSORWALTER CLARK,sf Paris, with Jno. J. Redmon, of NorthItSIddletown, as deputy.GEO. D. SPEAKES,of Paris, with Lee R. Craven, of LittleReck at Deputy.FOR MAYORW. O. HINTONE. B. JANUARYFOR POLICE JUDGECLAUDE F. REDMON,J. W. BROWN,P. A. THOMPSONHARRY L. MITCHELL.ERNEST MARTINFOR CHIEF OF POLICE.JAMES H. MORELAND.LOSTSomewhere on the streets of Paris,or between Seventh street and theParis Cemetery, a work basket containing an embroidered gown, silverthimble, scissors and tatting bobbin.Finder leave at this office.LOST.Somewhere on Main street, or at theParis High School, a child's small goldand coral pin. Finder please returnto NEWS office.LOST.In the Paris Grand Opera House,or on the streets of Paris last Saturday night, an amethys eliptical shaped tie pin, in gold setting, highly prized as a keepsake. Finder leave at thisoffice.FOR SALEOne hundred whisky barrels, suitable for using for pickles, or for use insetting out tobacco plants. CallTHOS. AHEARN,(15) Cum. Phone 1017, Paris, Ky.For Rent.Nice ground floor room in residenceon Pleasant street, near Tenth, convenient to L. & N. station and postoffice. Only desirable roomer wantedGas, bath, etc. Call this office.For Rent.Nice 4-room flat with water, gas andelectric lights, over Cahal's BarberShop. Most convenient location inParis. Apply to(tf) CAHAL BROS.For Sale.Several used automobiles. Thesecars are all in good condition and canbe bought right for cash.DICKERSON & DOUGLAS GARAGE.(3-tf)Wool Wanted.We are in the market for your wool.Get your sacks at the IndependentTebacco Warehouse.(1-tf) CLARK & YOUNG.Scrap Iron Wanted.I am paying fifty cents per hundredfor all kinds of scrap iron. Not lessthan 1,000 pounds. This material canbe weighed at any city scales. This Isto be delivered to the cars on the Louisville & Nashville tracks, opposite thefrigh depotCall us over the Cumoerland 'phone347-J.MAX MUNICH,Eighth Street, Paris, Ky.(oct20-lyf)CANDIDATES WARNED OF NEW"CORRUPT PRACTICE ACT."it is highly important for candidatesfor office in Kentucky to familiarizethemselves with the provisions of tho"Corrupt Practice Act," (passed by theLegislature of 1916.It is compulsory that each candidate file with the County Clerk orproper official an itemized statementof expenses incurred during his campaign, such as printing, stationery,stamps, stenographers, rent for publichalls for" speaking, and all other expenses incurred pertaining to his election. Such papers must be filed fifteen days before the primary, and alsofifteen days before the regular election. The penalty for failing to complywith this law, is a fine in any sum notto exceed $5,000, or to be confined iDthe county jail not to exceed sixmonths, or both.The BOURBON NEWS has been appointed as agent in Bourbon countyto handle and sell tho Thomas Ken-jtucky Election Forms, which areused for this punpose. With theseforms it is no trouble to keep an accurate account o expenditures, etc.These forms are reserved and protected by law by the Cadiz Record, or"Cadiz, Ky.All candidates are required to makethese statements, and the easiest andbest way is to purchase one of thesoforms now. The price is 1.50. Comej in and see one, and give us your order1 We have samples to show, but will !I have to send in orders to Cadiz forstock. We are going to send in anorder next week. Let yours come withthe rest.THE BOURBON NEWS,(tf) Paris, Ky.PROPER FOOD FORWEAK STOMACHSThe proper food for one man may beall wrong for another. Every oneshould adopt a diet suitable 10 his agaand occupation. Those who haveweak stomachs need to be especiallycareful and should eat slowly andmasticate their food thoroughly. It isalso important that they keep theirbowels regular. When they becomeconstipated or when they feel dull andstupid after eating, they should takeChamberlain's Tablets to strengthenthe stomach and move the bowels.They are easy to take and pleasant ineffect.(may-adv)The Attraction.Mlas Sassy What do you want thatRhopworn old nobleman for? There'snothing to h!m.Miss Bargain Well, lie's been on themarket so Ion? I can get his title cheapBaltimore American.ROAD TO HAPPINESS.Be amiable, cheerful and good natured and you are much more likelyto be happy. You will find this difficult, if not impossible, however, whenyou are constantly troubled with constipation. Take Chamberlain's Tablets and get rid of that and it will beeasy. These tablets not only movethe bowels, but improve the appetiteand strengthen the digestion.(may-adv)Campaign Slogans.Webster's "the past at least Is secure," and "Liberty and Union, nowand forever, one and inseparable," areimperishable. Clay's declaration, "1would rather be right than be president," will long remain in the booksof quotations, and along with it willrun recollection of the retort of TomReed, when a congressman had quotedIt with an emphatic flourish, "But youwill never be either."CLEAR AWAY THE WASTEBowel regularity is the secret ofgood health, bright eyes, clear complexions, and Dr. King's New LifePills are a mild and gentle laxativethat regulates the bowels and relievesthe congested intestines by removingthe accumulated wastes without griping. Take a pill before retiring andthat heavy head, that dull spring feverfeeling disappears. Get Dr. King'sNew Life Pills at your druggist, 25c.(may-adv)Ballot and Suffrage"Ballot" and "suffrage" show thelanguage perpetuates the memory ofprimitive methods. A "ballot" shouldbe a vote taken with balls one of thevarious ancient Greek instruments ofsecret voting. And the word "suffrage," which by some is derived from"suffrago," a knucklebone or anklobone, in that case recalls an earlymethod of recording the vot.NOTICE!BOURBON CIRCUIT COURT.IN THE MATTER OF KATE S. BEDFORD, ADMX. OF WILL BEDFORDAND OTHERS.ON PETITION.Notice is hereby given under andby virtue of an order of reference entered' in the above styled action, thatthe undersigned Master Commissionerwill sit in his office in the Bourbon-Agricultural Bank Building, in Paris,Kentucky, from day to day until June15, 1917, to hear proof of claimsagainst the estate of J. Will Bedford,afWr which date all claims 'will bebarred.OSCAR T. HINTON,Master Commissioner Bourbon CircuitCourt.(may22-29-june4) fVOTERS WHO DO NOT VOTE.Obligations of Citizenship That ArShamefully Neglected.It would seem that if the people weregreatly concerned over any one thingahove all others it would be in framingthe constitution of their commonwealththeir charter of government, withwhich all laws and institutions are toconform and the spirit and wisdom ofwhich entef into the moral fiber of thecommunity. The constitution fixes therights of the whole people, defines andcircumscribes them, supposedly formany years ahead. No provision shouldever be written into a state or nationalconstitution that is not of sufficientworth and of such general applicationas to make it in a large measure afundamental and permanent principleof human conduct.But an examination of the votes onthe adoption of state constitutions, andespecially on the adoption of important amendments to state constitutions,discloses the fact that less than onethird of the qualified voters of moststates signified their preferences in thematter. The figures reveal a shameless and indefensible betrayal by thecitizen of his first duty to society, tohis neighbor, to the state and to thegeneral government.We cannot study the statistics ofthose votes without concluding thatwhat we need in this country above allother things is an old fashioned revivalof civic righteousness the thoroughpreaching of the gospel of civic responsibility. The power and the influence of a state depend not on the manifold laws on its statute books or on thenumber of complex and experimentaltheories that it tries, or yet on the omnipotent care of an expensive bureaucracy, but rather on the earnest,sustained, vigilant use of the instrumentalities at hand and on the faithfulobservance of every obligation thatbinds the citizen to the community, tothe state and to the country. SenatorBorah in Youth's Companion.YAKUTS OF SIBERIA.These People Live In the Coldest Region on Earth.The Yakuts are the largest and mostcultured of all the primitive races ofSiberia. They live in the great province of Yakutsk, a territory five timeslarger than that of Texas togetherwith all the New England states. Theextreme northern part of their countryis the coldest region on earth, the temperature falling to 80 and 90 degreesbelow zero. There the soil is eternallyfrozen for hundreds of feet below thesurface; even at the height of summeronly a yard of unfrozen soil veneersthe admixture of earth and Ice, affording foothold for the gray tundra mossand occasional patches of grass anddwarf willow.Tho natives live in yourtas or semiunderground huts and a few one storylog cottages, as do the Russian administrative officials. For ten montliB thecountry is a dreary, trackless sea ofdriven snow, with far lower temperatures than the regions about the northand south poles. During the brief summer thaw of two months the tundra,as the open country is called, Is an impassable swamp.The Yakuts are the most numeroustribe of eastern Siberia, numberingsome 2o0,000, nnd are typical representatives of the culture of the Turkish tribes of central Asia. In spite oftheir present isolation from the otherbranches of the Turkish race and theirprobable mixture with Mongols andothers, the Yakuts in the course oftheir migrations have preserved one ofthe oldest and purest dialects of thelanguage spoken by the Kirghiz, theTartars and other Turkish peoples.St Nicholas.Everybody Can Tak MilkIf a person tells me "I cannot takemilk" I always say, "You can if youwill take it in a certain way." It is aquestion usually of taking it aright orof taking it like soup, with a spoon,with a bite of some carbohydrate substance, cracker or bread, between thesips. I do not think everybody musttake milk, but I think everybody can.Dr. R. C. Cabot in "A Layman's Handbook of Medicine."Mount Genevieve.From Mount Genevieve, a peak inGilpin county, Colo., a person can seeinto five states. On a clear day the observer can discern the Uintah mountains of eastern Utah, the MedicineBow range of Wyoming, the tips of theRockies In New Mexico and the principal peaks of Colorado. The plainsstretching away to the east are quiteplainly visible clear into Nebraska.Argonaut.Dwarf Trees.Dwarf trees are suited to small gardens. They occupy little space, areeasily cared for, bear sooner thanstandard kinds, and they are easilyshaped into bushes and pyramids orcan be used in espalier forms, trainedon buildings, fences or trellises.Afraid."Yes, I proposed, but she said I'dhave to ask her mother first""And did you?""No; I was afraid the mother mightaccept me."Gradual Process.She My dear, can't you manage toraise me a silk dust cloak? He Bydegrees, darling. I'll have to begin byraising the dust Baltimore American.Runaway Match."People vonder how I got my wife.It was a runaway match. I ran away,and she ran after me."r-CaeH'i Journal. ' A -CONGRESSMAN CANTRILL TOj GET TOBACCO TAX REDUCEDj Some time ago The Paris TobaccoBoard of Trade, representing all thebranches of the tobacco industry inParis, forwarded a telegram to Congressman J. Campbell Cantrill, protesting against the proposed taxationof 100 on manufactured tobacco. Alew days ago they received the following letter in answer:I WASHINGTON, D. C, May 14, 1917."The Paris Tobacco Board of Trade,I "Paris, Kentucky.( "Gentlemen:I "Your telegram relative to tax onmanufactured tobacco received a fewj days ago. I would have answeredj earlier had it been possible to securethis information. I have been for several days hard at work on this proposition and have received informationwhich I now think permits me to writeyous something definite,j "The Revenue and Taxation bill wa3( framed by the Ways and Means Com,mittee of the House without having.public hearings or without opportunity from the members of the House tobe heard before the Committee. Mycandid opinion is that it will be ira' possible in the House of Representatives to secure a reduction of the taxas recommended by the Ways andMeans Committee, although I willmake an earnest effort to secure a reduction of at least 50. The cultivation of tobacco on a largo scale is limited to four States and for this reason,tobacco has not very many friends onthe floor of the House, especially as itis considered a luxury. The Revenuebill now under discussion in the Houseis the largest revenue measure ever.presented to any legislative body injthe history of the world. It is fourtimes as large as any revenue bill everintroduced in the American Congress.I The demand of war with Germanymake it absolutely necessary to raisethis tremendous and unheard ofamount of revenue. The FinanceCommittee of the Senate which willhandle this bill in the Senate is hav. ing public hearings on the bill and(strong protests in behalf of tobaccocommittee. My candid opinion is thatthe only chance to secure a reductionof tax on tobacco as outlined in the'revenue bill will be in the Senate andI am doing everything within mypower to make that kind of a fight, asthere are better chances to win a victory in the Senate on this propositionthan in the House. As you know, itis always my earnest desire to servethe best interests of the tobacco growers of Kentucky and of course as afarmer and tobacco grower, I feel thatwe should pay our full part of thewar tax. But I also think that the increase of 100 is entirely too much,and will therefore be glad to followyour suggestion to make a fight for areduction of 50."I beg to assure you that I will always be glad to have your views on(matters of legislation In which youmay be interested. With kindest regards and best wishes, I am,"Very sincererly yours,"J. C. CANTRILL."DON'T LET YOUR COUGH HANG ONA cough that racks an weakens isdancerous. it undermines your healthand thrives on neglect. Relieve it atonce with Dr. King's New Discovery.This soothing balsam remedy healsthe throat, loosens the phlegm, its antiseptic properties kill the germ andthe cold is quickly broken up. Children and erowns-ups alike find Dr.King's New Discovery pleasant totake as well as effective. Have a bottle handv In vour medicine chest forgrippe, croup and all bronchial affections. At druggists, 50c.(may-auvjKENTUCKY TRACTION& TERMINAL COMPANYInterurban Schedule.CARS LEAVE10:01 p. m. 11:00 p. m.Paris Lexingtonfor forLexington Parts6:45 a. m. 6:00 a. m.7:30 a. m. 7:20 a. m.8:15 a. m. 8:00 a. m.9:00 a. m . 8:50 a. m.9;45 a. m. 10:20 a.m.11:15 a. m. ' 11:50 a. m.-12:45 p. m. 1:20 p. m.2:15 p. m, 2:50 p. m.3:45 p. m. 3:30 p. m.4:30 p. m. 4:20 p. m.5:15 p. m. 5:00 p. m.6:05 p. m. 6:00 p. m.6:50 p. m. 7:20 p. m.8:15 p. m. 9:10 p. wu$1.50TOCincinnatiand ReturnOn Special Sunday Excursion onSUNDAY, JUNE 3Special train leaves Paris 8:20a. m., arriving in Cincinnati at10:30 a. m.Returning leaves . Cincinnati(4th Street Station) at 7 p.j m.W. V. SHAW,- Agant.W. R. CLINKENBEARD,T. A.I ComingAttractionsTuesdayEthel Clayton and Carlyle Blackwell, in"BrokenChains"A Brady made Worldfeature.Charles Richman andDorothy Kelly in"THE PORTRAITOF A KING"Fourth episode of "TheSecret Kingdom."Hours Alamo, 2 to 5:30; Paris Grand,7 to 1 0:30, Admission 5 and 1 Oc.Automobile Hearse or Ambulance! II desire to announce to our friends that I can, wheredesired, furnish an automobile hearse or ambulance. Thismethod of transpertation is especially desired on long trips,the same being made in better time, and at no advance incost over the horse-drawn conveyance.GEO. YV. DAVIS, Funeral Director... POPULAR1HIGH BRIDGE, KY.SUNDAY, JUNE 3, 1917Round Trip 50c from LexingtonVIASouthern RailwaySystemSpecial Train Leaves Iexingion at 11x15 A. M.TickefH also accepted on Train No. 5 at 9s40 A. M.Returning Leave High Bridge StOO P. M. or on Train Wo. 6 at 2i01 P. M.For Further Particulars Consult --t- 10'ywYCity Ticket Office. 118 East Main Street. Telephone 40II. C. KING, Division Passenger Agent. Lexington. Ky.3BEL. & N. TIME TABLEEffective Sunday, April 22, 1917, 12:01 a. m.TRAINS FROM ARRIVAL154 Lexington, daily except Sunday 5:18 m34 Atlanta, daily .., 5:25 am25 Cynthiana, daily except Sunday ,. . . .7:35 amIt Rowland, daily except Sunday .....7:36 am11 Maysville dally except Sunday,-, ,...7:38 am40 Lexington dany except Sunday. . , ...T:4Q as211 Maysville, Sunday anly 8:00 am210 Rowland, Sunday only 8:05 am140 Lexingfeoa," Suaiay only 8:10 am17 Maysville, daily except Sunday 9:50 am.37 Cincinnati, O., daily 5:52 am "12 Lexington, dally 10:12 aim33 Chicago, daily '. 10:17 am26 Lexington, Daily Except Sunday 12:60 m '29 Cynthiana, Daily Except Sunday 2:55 pm9 Maysville, Daily Except Sunday 3:00 pm"1138 Lexington, Daily 3:12 pm38 Knoxville, Tenn., Daily 3:15 pm19 Maysville, Daily 5:40 pm39 Cincinnati, Daily Except Sunday 5:50 pm14 Lexington, Daily Except Sunday . 6:18 pm32 Jacksonville, Fla., Daily 6:33 pm214 Lexington, Sunday only 9:20 pm239 Cincinnati, Sunday only 7 9:30 pm31 Cincinnati, O., Daily 10:38 pm130 Lexington Daily 10:23 p nvTRAINS FOR LEAVg"No. ' gJSSSrTSWTS16 Maysville, Daily except Sunday i 5:30 am34 Cincinnati, waily 5:30am40 Cincinnati, daily except Sunday 7:45 am-11 Lexington, daily except Sunday 7:47 ain10 Maysville, daily except Sunday 7:48 am211 Lexington, Sunday only 8:10 am'A0 Cincinnati, Sunday ouly 8:20 am25. Lexington, daily except Sunday 9:55 am37 Knoxville, daily 9:57 am133 Lexington, daily 10:20 am33 Jacksonville, daily 10:22 anri,18 Maysville, daily .- 12:04 p.26 Cynthiana, daily .except Sunday 12:05 pr13 Lexington, daily except Sunday 3:17 pi38 Cincinnati, daily 3:21 m39 Lexington, daily except Sunday S:S79 Rowland, Daily except Sunday I:0 ym14 Maysville, daily except Sunday ff:33 pm32 Chicago, dally S:3S pm$30 Cynthlanatdaily except Sunday '....:4I pws;139 Lexington, Sunday only j:3f 'a S118 Maysville, Sunday only .' til9 -omit214 Maysville, Sunday only239 Lexington, Sunday only209 Richmond,? Sunday only119 Rowland, Sunday only129 Lexington, DallyNO. TRAINS ARRIVE FROM2 Frankfort, Ky., Daily Ex. Sunday 7:38 a. m4 Frankfort, Ky., Daily Ex. Sunday g.w u- cTRAINS DEPART FOR1 Frankfort,- Ky., Daily- Ex-Sunday . . . .-- S:Jk.M. $I Frankfort? Ky.rDaily. Ex.jSund:v.. . yMv.... Mfs&rfrIMMWEDNESDAY"CAMPDANIELBOONE"Showing some Paris Y. M. C. A.boys very entertaining.Blanche Sweet in "The Evil Eye,"a Lasky production; also two Paramount comedies.THURSDAY.Feature Day. Mo'Ife King m"Mystery of theDouble Cross"Dorothy Gish in "The Little Yank."Also Triangle comedy, "Love UnderCover," with all star cast.1EXCURSION .IacIt.13BG.. - . 9:30 nm., 938 nm,9:40 pmj9:40 pmi1:35 b t!' - rt ", '"T-fjlUE FOURTHE BOURBON lEWS, PARIS, KY.TUESDAY, MAY 23, 191T,The Bourbon NswsEatablished 1881 -36 Years of Contlnions Publication.Bubllshed Every Tuesday and Friday.er Year... $2.00 Six Months... $1.00Payable in Advance.WIFT CHAMP, Editor and Owner.(Entered at the Paris, Kentucky,Postoffice as Mail Matter of theSecond Class.)THE RED CROSS"WATCH US GROW!"ews, Mr. Fred G. Erd, Mrs. JamesMernaugh, Mr. J. T. Martin, Mr. Wm.Woodford, Mr. Wm. Bryan, MissKatlierine Murphy, Miss Mary Murphy, Mrs. John Lair, Miss Bertha Hinton, Mrs. M. J. Lavin, Mrs. C. S.Goldstein, Mrs. R. M. Harris, Mrs. S.E. McClanahan, Mr. S. E. McClanahan, Mrs. E. L. Harris, Mr. FieldingRogers, Mr. B. Meinerty, Mrs. HoraceCollins, Mr. I. L. Price, Mrs. R. J.Neeley, Miss Kate Ewalt, Mr. Geo.Lawler, Mr. J. Frank Clay, Mr. HarryB. Clay, Mr. Turney Clay, Mr. TomMyers, Mr. Clay Prewitt, Mrs. W. T.Bryan, Mrs. Louis Wollstein, Miss'Hazel Wollstein, Mrs. W. W. Hinton,Mr. J. W. Payne, Mr. Catesby Woodford, Sr., Mrs. Catesby Woodford, Sr.,Mr. Owen avis, Mr. John Kriener,Miss Kate Burke, Mrs. John Flanagan, Miss Mary McMahan, Prof. E. M.Costello, Mr. J. Ed. Doyle, Mr. JoeGresche, Mr. J. Qunicy Ward, Mrs.Brink Renick, Mr. John Cain, MissHelen Cain, Dr. W. C. Ussery, Mr.Walker Buckner, Mr. Woodford Buckner, Mrs. Roy Clendenin, Mr. B. F.Bedford, Miss Louise Clendenin, MissJessie Brown, Mrs. Amne Prichard,Mr. Frank Collins, Mrs. Chas. Posner,Miss Mason Talbott, Mr. HarrySpeaks, Mr. Garrett Linville, Mr. W.T. Caywood, Mr. Dudley Bell, Mr. Geo.Small, Mr. H. C. Burden, Mr. W. F.Turner, Mr. Owen Kenney, Mr. A. K.Caywood, Mr. Victor Snell, Mr. TomiBrannock.CHIEF OF POLICE LINKANNOUNCES FOR RE-ELECTIONfX.I&One hundred and tventy-seven newnames "were added to the list of RedCross members in the campaign whichhas been in progress here for the .pasttwo weeks. -The committee in chargehave been untiring in their efforts toincrease the meimbership, and their reward has been substantial. The listof new members added since the lastreport published in THE NEWS ofFriday follows:Ned Brent, Jack Brennan, Mr. Wm.Allen, Miss Wiard, Mrs. Sallie MciDon&ld, Mr. John Kiser, Mrs. JohnKiser, Mr. Harry Clay, Mrs. JasperOffutt, Mrs. Louis Saloshin, Mrs. Robt.Dow, Mrs. Wm. Talbott, Mr. BrooksClay, Mr. Wm. Ardery, Mr. BennettTarr, Miss Rebecca Doehrer, Mr. FloydH. Rankin, Mr. Charles S. Spears, Mr.Walter Payne, Miss Eleanor Payne,Mrs. Warren Williams, Mr. WoodfordSpears, Miss Mary Miller Spears, Mr..Nathan Bayless, Mrs. Nathan Bayless,Mr. Phil Nippert, Mrs. Sam Summers,Miss Willie T. Summers, Mrs. Geo.Batterton, Mrs. J. S. Roberts, Mrs. T.A. Hendricks, Miss Sallie Whaley,Miss Lizzine Jasper, Mrs. Edith Daniels, Mr. W. O. -iFuHer, Miss OllieChapnbers, Mrs. 'Harry Stamler, Mr.Ed. Hedges, Miss Rene Owens, MissStella Owens, Mr. Charles Stephens,Mr. Silas Bedfor4ffcrs. Clyde Keller,Mr. Robt. Porter, Mrs. N. H. Eckler,Miss Frances Clay, Mr. J. A. Bower,Mrs. J. A. Bower, Master JohnBower, M. L. C. Ashcraft, Miss Marguerite Steele, Mrs. Tom Allen, MissAnna Lyle, Mrs. E. D. Bell, Mr. S. J.Holt, Irene Keller, Mrs. J. W. Davis,Mrs. Robin Horton, Miss Olive Math-"EVERYSTUDENT" FOR MAY.The May number of the "Everystudent," the High School publication,has just been issued from THENEWS job rooms, and is fully in keeping with previous issues in typographical appearance, and in the quality of literary material in its .pages.The leading feature of the Maynumber is a most cleverly conceivedand artistically worded .playlet, entitled "Everystudent," in three acts,the joint production of Misses Elizabeth Clarke, Eleanor Lytle, EdnaSnapp, Fanny Heller, Thelma Squires,Raymond Connell, Robert Lavin andFithian Rye, all High School students.The playlet was written entirelyout of school hours, and without outside help. It deals with the experiences of Everystudent in seeking aneducation. It is one of the cleverestskits we have read for many years,and reflects great credit upon thosewho produced it. The playlet is reproduced in its entirety in this issueof THE NEWS.The contents of the May number fromthe first page are as follows: "Senior Play;" "The American Poet AsInterpreter to Our Nation," by AliceW. Adair; Editorial, by the staff; Commencement Week; Honor Roll forFourth Month; The Junior's Play,"Everystudent;" "An Act of BraveryJustly Rewarded," by Miss EdnaSnapp.This number is an exceedingly interesting one, and is in every way upto the high standard set by the previous issues.TO THE VOTERS OF PARIS:I desire to announce my candidacyfor the Democratic nomination forChief of Police of the City of Paris,. .y., subject to action of the primaryelection to be held on August 4, 191?.In asking the Democrats of Parisfor an endorsement of my past services as Chief of Police, by a re-electionto that important position, I do sowith the full confidence that I havedischarged the duties of Chief of Police impartially and to the best of myability.Nearly four years ago I was electedas Chief of Police, and since that timeI have worked unceasiugly for the betterment of conditions ic Paris. During my term of office numerous lawbreakers have been apprehended and alarge number of housebreakers havebeen arrested and in most cases thestolen plunder recovered for the owners. The same is also true of the forgers who have attempted to work inParis. Numerous forgeries have beeuperpetrated on the Paris merchantsand in nearly every instance the culprits have been apprehended in thisand adjacent States, returned to Parisand here convicted of their crimes.I merely make brief (mention of theabove cases to refresh the memoriesof some of the voters as regards myefforts in serving the citizens of Paristo theAbest of my ability.The experience gained during theipast three and one-half years as Chiefof Police has been of great value toJ me, in that it has thrown me in directcontact with the different police departments throughout. Kentucky andin many adjoining States, the resultbeing that I am in a much better position to get in touch with out-of-townofficials in the apprehension of fugitives than at the beginning of my termof office.I I have so tried to conduct the officeof Chief of Police that it would getthe greatest results.In many cases, by the exercise ofdiscretion, results that have redounded in greater benefit to the communityand to the offender, have been secured by not always taking the petty violator into custody, but by a firm discipline otherwise administered, thepublic is well served, and the carelessoffender shown the error of his wayand directed into the paths of a lawabiding citizens, and" the humiliation ofnotoriety saved to innocent parties.I am a young man, being only thirtyfour years of age, and J am sure thatall will agree that the three and onehalf years spent by me as your Chiefof Police will be invaluable to me, andthas rendered me capable of a betterservice during a second term of office,if the iDemocrats of Paris so decree.If I am favored with the nominationto which I aspire, I promise the goodpeople of Paris a faithful and conscientious discharge of the duties of the.office, impartially and to the best ofmy ability.J In extending sincere thanks to thej Democrats of Paris for past favor3and courtesies shown me, I desire to i lMH....l.K..i44'M''I"l"I"H"H"m"I"llltlI"Il'I"t'I"lf ! 1 1 Ml 1 1 1 1 jassure every resident of Paris that .Jxviii nnntinue in the future, as in thepast, always on the job. whether on or j fyoff duty, and will cheerf ully respond to gcalls at any hour, day or night, as ( &promptly as possible. f,W. FRED LINK,Chief of Police.MOREIMPORTANTTEREST.THAN IN-In the payment ot a debt it is notthe interest, but the principal, whichgives the greatest trouble.The Bourbon Building & Loan Association loans money at 6 ,per cent,and each monthy payment reduces theprincipal along with the interest.Call at our office for full particularsregarding our new ones, which opensJune 2.WILL S. ARNSPARGER,(29-2t) Secretary.B-4 PI REInsure withW.O. HINTON & SON,AgtsLUMBER TOWN WIPED FROMMAP BY $1,000,000 FIRE.Bowie, a lumber town near Thibodeaux, La., was practically wiped outlate Friday by fire, which originatedin the Bowie Lumber Company's plant,and spread rapidly into the residencesection. Property damaged is estimated at $1,000,000. An employe ofthe lumber company died from burns.About 30,000,000 feet of lumber anda saw mill were destroyed. One hundred dwellings, which housed -most ofBowie's 1,000 inhabitants, were razed.Fire, wind and lightninginsurance.Thomas, Woodford &Bryan'GET-TOGETHER" SMOKERBY PYTHIAN LODGE.A Loan of the People, by thePeople, and for the PeoplePlaced in your hands is an opportunity to give lifeto you belief in the right of men and of nationsto lead free and peaceful lives.Your country offers you a part in aiding in thegreatest struggle for liberty the world has ever Jknown. If you buy a Liberty Loan Bond you will Jbe aiding just as surely as if you carried the colors $of the United States.If you are not able to subscribe for alarge amount you can buy a $50 bondFarmers & Traders Bank.First National Bank,Peoples Deposit Bank & TrustCo.Bourbon-Agricultural Bank &Trust Co.of Paris, Ky.Farmers Bank, Clintonville,North Middletown Deposit Bank,Exchange Bank, Millersburg,Farmers Bank, Millersburg.I11!1 11 1 1 1 H"H"I I I l'M-H T I T' T"r"Tl T..T.ifcif..T..T..T..T..T..T.A.7...j..T..T. y.,f, f. j. j f..j..f. .f-j yMRS. CUNNINGHAM'S WILLADMITTED TO PROBATE.'ihe will of the late Mrs. Mary Cunnigham was admitted to probate in theoffice of County Clerk Pearce Paton,Saturday. The instrument, wihch wasin Mrs. Cunningham's own handwriting, was dated October 30, 1901. Bythe terms of the will her BourbonWEDNESDAY DECORATIONDAY, LEGAL HOLIDAY.The officers and members of Rathbone Lodge No. 12 Knights of Pythias, county iands are to be equally dividedor rans, nave pianneu anu win put nmnnf, hpr meht nieces and nenhews.into effect on next Thursday night, Etta C. McClintock, Mayme C. McClinMay 31, a big "Get-together Rally," t0WIlt Nannie E. McClintock, Nellieto be held in the lo'Jge room, at the Mr.fMintock. Eldred L,. nudlev. Williamcorner of Third and Main streets, in Kenney (Dudley and Catherine Kenneythe Wilson building. Dudley.There will be an election of offi- The share of her other nephew,cers followed by a smoker and social clay Dudley McClintock, is devised tosession, which will be strictly "stag" her sister, Mrs. Nannie D. McClintock.and for the benefit of the officers and Provision is also made for Catherinethe rank and file of the the member- Williams, Mrs. Cunninghattn's servant,ship. I Mrs. Cunningham's nephews-in-law,The Uniform Rank will entertain Ben P. Bedford and Dr. F. L. Lapsley,with an ice cream supper Wednesday are named as executors without bond,night. All members are requested to They qualified in the penal sum ofbe (present in full uniform. It will bean occasion that will be very interesting to those who attend.THE NEW ICEBERG.Get the New Iceberg Refrigerator.It will save ice for you.(It) A, F. WHEELER & CO.$5,000. The Court appointed the following appraisers: Silas E. Bedford,Buckner Woodford- and Jas. H. Haggard.SUITABLE GIFTS.Gifts suitable for graduation atTHE A. J. WINTERS CO.To-morrow, Wednesday, May 30, being Decoration Day, and therefore alegal holiday, the banks and postofficewill be closed. Business men andothers should remember this.The postoffice general delivery window, as well as the rural carriers' delivery windows will be open from11:30 a. m. to 12:30 p. m. No business will be transacted in the moneyorder or registry division. One citydelivery will be made by the carriers.No rural deliveries.NOTICE!All persons are hereby notified thacit is a violation of the law to dumpgarbage or refuse of any characterwithin the city limits, except placesdesignated by the authorities. In thefuture no dumping of any kind will betolerated except at the old Schwartzlime kiln. This .place has been leasedby the city for that purpose and noother place within the city limits shallbe used for that purpose. Please gov.ern yourself accordingly and avoid arrest for a violation of this law.(29-3t) x J. T. PIINTON, Mayor.GREATEST PROFIT SHARINGwnlsiLIN THE HISTORY OF PARISBeginning Saturday, May 26, and Continuing Until June 9thWe Will Offer New Spring and Summer Merchandise AtThe Most Drastic PRICE REDUCTIONS of the Season!A portion of the many items is here before you. Don't fail to attend this sale for your share of the bargains.Hnatc I llnrlAruoar I Miiclin llnff At-uAor I niic I DroecAcCoats$12.50 Coats at $ 7.98$15.00 Coats at $11.00$20.00 Coats at $14.75$22.50 Coats at $17.50$30.00 Coats at $22.50$35.00 Coats at $24.50Skirts$ 7.50 Skirts at $ 4.98$10.00 Skirts at $ 7.98$12.50 Skirts at ... : $ 9.98$15.00 Skirts at $12.50Silk Petticoats$3.00 Silk Petticoats at- $29$5.00 Silk Petticoats at $3.98HosieryLadies 25c Hose at 19c prladies' 35c Hose at 29c prLadies' 65 and 75c Silk Hose at 59c prLadies' $1.25 Silk Hose at $1.10 prLadies' $1.50 Silk Hose at $1.29 prMisses 25c Hose at 19c prMisses 35c Hose at 29c prRibbonsOne lot of fancy Ribbons, 35cand 40c grade, at 25c ydUnderwearNazareth, and and Warner'sPerfection Body Waists forBoys' and Girls' size 2 to '14years, regular 35 c values.. 29c eachPearl Union Suits for Children,Regular 65c values 48c eachLadies' Vests and Pants, Regular 35c values 29c eachGingham Aprons andHouse Dresses75c Bungalow Aprons at 59cPercale Bungalow Aprons at 45c35c Lancaster Gingham Aprons at. 29s$1.25 House Dresses at 98c$1.50 House Dresses at $1.1975c Dressing Sacques at 59cChildren's Coats atOne-Half Price.$4.00 Coats at $2.00$5.00 Coats at $2.50S7.50 Coats at $3.75Millinery$5.00 and $6.00 Hats at $3.95$7.50 Hats at ...:.. $4.93$10.00 Hats at , . .$7.98$15.00 Hats at $9.98Muslin Underwear$1.50 Combination Suits at $1.19$1.75 Combination Suits at $1.48$1.98 Combination Suits at '.$1.69$2.98 Combination Suits at $2.48$1.50 Princess Slips at $1.19$2.00 Princess Slips at $148$2.50 Princess Slips at $1.9875c Gowns at 59$1.00 Gowns at .. . . .79$1.50 Gowns at . . .$1.19$2.00 Gowns at $1.59$2.50 Gowns at .-. . . .$2.1935c Corset Cover at ., 2950c Corset Cover at 4375c Corset Cover at 59$1.00 Corset Cover at 79$1.50 Camisoles at $1.19$2.00 Camisoles at $1.5975c Skirts at ' .65$1.50 Skirts at $1.25$2.50 Skirts at $2.19Wash Goods andCrashes20c Crashes at 17Jc yd15c Crashes at 12J4C dy18c Dress Ginghams at.k 15y2c yd15c Dress Ginghams at 13J4c yd20c Percales at '. ''. .18c yd18o Percales at 16J4c yd12c Lawns at 11c yd10c Lawns at 8 1-3c yd$15.00 Suits at $ 9.98$20.00Suits at $12.50$25.00 Suits at $14.98$30.00 Suits at $22.50$35.00 Suits at $24.50$40.00 Suits at $27.50$47.50 Suits at $32.50Sheets & Long Cloth65c Sheets at 59c90c Sheets at 79c$1.25 Sheets at $1.10$1.35 Sheets at $1.19$1.50 Longcloth, 10-yds to Boltat $1.25 bolt$2.00 Longcoth, 10-yds to Boltat ,..: ...$1.69 boltChildren's Dresses(Sizes $ to 6 Years)65c Dresses at t . .50c$1.00 ,Dresses at 79c$1.25 Dresses at 98c$1.00$1.50$2.00$2.50$3.00(Sizes 6 to 14 Years)Dresses atDressesDressesDressesDressesatatatat..79c.$1.19.$1.59.$1.93.$2.48Dresses$12.50 Dresses at $ 7.98$15.00 Dresses at $11.00$20.00 Dresses at $14.75$25.00 (Dresses at $17.75$30.00 Dresses at $22.50$35.00 Dresses at $24.75$40.00 Dresses at $27.50Waists$1.50 Wash Waists at $..98$2.00 Wash Waists at $1.69$2.50 Wash, and Silk Waists at. . .$2.19$3.00 Wash and Silk Waists at. ..$2.69$5.00 Silk Waists at $4.48$6.00 Silk Waists at $5.25$7.50 Silk Waists at $6.65Embroideries andEdgings10c values at 8c, yd123c values at 10c yd15c values at 12Jc yd25s values at 21c ydBed Spreads$1.50 Bed Spreads at $1.29$2.00 Bed Spreads at $1.69$3.00 Bed Spreads at $2.48.$3.50 Bed Spreads at $2.98One Price To AllAll Goods Marked in PlainFiguresHARRY SIMONOne Price to AllAll Goods Marked in. PlainFiguressr.TUESDAY, MAY 29, 1917.---THE BOURBON NEWS, PARIS, K.PAGE FTVl.:!.IFOR THE BESTNOTHING ELSESOCIAL AND PERSONAL.i'Comings and Goings of OurPeople Here, There andElsewhere.FERTILIZERS.Swift's Tobacco Fertilizers.It pays big to use them.CHAS. S. BRENT & BRO.(may25-tf)Ninety-Sevpn AmericansAre Held in GermanyBU.YS NEW MAXWELL.The A. V. Douglas Garage sold Saturday to Mr. Henry Ingels a handcne Maxwell touring car.FRESH BERRIES TO-DAY.Fine lof of fresh Tennessee strawberjies received this morning direct fromthe patch.(It) C. P. COOK & CO.AUTO LICENSES.The following automobile licenseswere issued last week from the officeof Commissioner of Motor VehiclesByars, at Frankfart, to Paris and Bourbon county people:Geo. D. Speakes, Paris, Oakland,No. S26S5; L. D. Harris, Paris, Oakland, No. 32686; Ben Houston, Paris,Buick, No. 32689; Dr. D. S. Henry,Paris, Overland, No. 32838.THE WEATHER.The forecast for the week beginningSunday, May 27, as sent out by theWeather Bureau, at Washington, is asfollows:For Ohio Valley and Tennesse:Partly overcast with frequent showers, cooler by Sunday night and Monday; seasonable temperature thereafter.DON'T FORGET.That the old reliable Bourbon Building "Loan Association will open Itsfourteenth series on Saturday, June 2.We are prepared to make loans onshort notice.WILL S. ARNSPARGER,(29-2t) Secretary.PORCH SWINGS.Get your porch swings and rugsnow. A big stock to select from.(It) A, F. WHEELER & CO.TOESTABLISH LABORBUREAU FOR FARMERS.WASHINGTON, May 28. According,to a report received through the Ge-Mr. Joe Davis was the guest of neva Red Cross, ninetv-seven Amerfriends in Harrodsburg, Fjiday. icans are held as hostages by Ger-Mr. Clyde Huffman, the popular many' and are treate ly. !t issalesman at the R. P. Walsh store, is said a maiority of them were takenquite ill at his home. v ' ( before the declaration of a state ofMr. Leo Hayden, of Stanford, is a AVar' and under international law,guest of his parents, Mr. and Mrs. J. should bo released.W. Hayden, on Henderson street. JRev. W. W. Green, of Winchester, I WASHINGTON, May 28. Each daywas a guest Friday night and Satur-'finds the Italians closer to Triesteday morning of Mr. and Mrs. John The right flank, resting on the ocean,Doty.Mrs. W. C. Powelland childrennow has passed the mouth of theTimavo River. The center has pushedhave returned from a visit to relatives beyond Jamiano, and the left wing hastaken additional trenches around Castagnavizza. The Italians have taken22,419 prisoners since May 14.in Ewing, accompanied .by Mr. Pov.ell's mother.Mrs. Henry S. Clay and daughter,Miss Mary Ewalt Claj of Taylorsville,Ky., are guests of Mrs. Lizzie Clay,near Paris.Miss Mary Dee Mason, who hasbeen a guest of Miss Ada Palmen, ather home near Paris, returned yesterday to her home in Mt. Sterling.Mrs. Ernest Orr, of Covington, isa guest of Mrs. Edward Summers.?.lrs. Harry Bliss, of Covington, accompanied her for a visit to Mrs. Thos.Orr.Mr. George W. Wilder and Mr.John Wilder returned) Saturday nightfrom a short stay at Martinsville, Indiana. Mr. John Wilder has been ill forsome time and does not improve.Mr. and Mrs. Winlock Turner andiss Katherine Rogers, of WalnutHills, Cincinnati, were the pleasantguests of Mr. and Mrs. J. W. Davisseveral days last week. They were entertained on Friday with a motor tripthrough the Bluegrass, and in theeening with a charming dinner partyat the Davis home. On Saturdayevening they were the guests of Mr.and Mrs. Bailey Berry at the CountryClub, near Lexington.(Other Personals on Page 6)A NEW RICHMONDIN THE FIELD."Our old friend. Bill Shakespeare,did not intend that this trite saying ofhis should be used in a political race,but THE NEWS is borrowing it to indicate the entrance of a new candidatein the race for County Attorney.In this issue of the best paperin Paris appears the announcement ofMr. Wm. Grannan, a (popular young attorney of. Paris, as a jandidate for thehonors in the race in which his opponent will be Mr. David D. Cline.Mr. Grannan is a successful youngpractitioner, having been Interested inlecal affairs for many years in Paris,At a called meeting of the Bourbon ' nd nractiCinff in other courts. He liasCounty Business Men's Club, which is 1ad a large and varied experience, wa3a merger of the Paris Commercial city Attornev 0f Paris during the adClub and other business organizations, rajn juration of Mr. James M. O'Brienheld at the court house Saturday aftei- as Mavor. He is eminently qualifiednoon plans were formulated' for the foP th duties of the position, forestablishment here of a Labor Bureaufor the purpose of supplying labor forfarmers and business men.A committee of three farmers fromeach precinct in the county was appointed to solicit memberships at $2per year. Each one was provided witha subscription book. Before the afternoon had passed one member of onethe committees had secured twentyFix members.A secretary will be appointed, whowill have an office on Main street,the location of which has not yet beendecided upon. This office will be opento the public about June 1.A meeting of the-Paris business men,who are members of the BusinessMen's Club, who were unable to attend the Saturday meeting, will beheld in the court house at 7:30 o'clockthis (Tuesday) 'evening, when thesame plans as outlined abpve will beexplained, committees appointed, andbooks given ouLwhich he will begin an active tanvassof the voters of the city and county.In him, Mr. Cline will find a vortliyopponent, and when the race befins towarm up it will be a decidedly interesting one between these two prominent young members of the Bourbonbar.RAINCOATS AT $20.PARIS FRANCE, May 28. Parisgave a warm welcome to the first sanitary squadron of American expeditionary corps on its arrival in France, Friday night. The squadron is composedof 150 physicians and surgeons andseventy-five nurses.SWEET POTATO PLANTS.Extra fine quality, with long roots.Fresh pulled as you call for them.BUSY BEE CASH STORE.(22-4t)"HOUSE OF QUALITY."The "House of Quality" is the placeto buy nifty, up-to-date jewelry.15-tf) SHIRE & FITHIAN.THINGS TO WORRY ABOUT.Numerous persons have commentedon the fact that the only Federalbuilding in Paris should float abright new "Old Glory" in place of theone which now ornaments the flagstaff. The present flag is almost indistinguishable, even at close range.Why not have a new flag, onethat will fit in with the general appearance of the handsomest publicbuilding in Central Kentucky?"GOOD STUFF" LEFT OVER.THE NEWS is compelled to leaveever until another issue much interesting matter of a local nature, causedby an unusual pressure on its columns,of advertising and other matter thatcould not be held for another issue.In this we beg the indulgence of thosewho sent in the items, trusting thatpublication in Friday's issue will notcause them to lose any of their newsvalue. It is almost impossible to publish everything that come in, althoughTHE NEWS would be glad to givespace to all good news items."YOUR GIFT SHOP."The A. J. Winters Co.ANNOUNCEMENTSFOR CHIEF OF POLICE.We are authorized to announce W.HIED LINK, as a candidate tor theDemocratic nomination and for re-electionto the office of Chief of Police ofthe City of Paris, subject to the action.. a 1 i.t nMlmnvtif nlaniinnot trie voiers at iue piiiuaijr civ-nvYou need some sorr of a raincoatThis coat at ?20 we recommend it 01J Saturday, August 4, 1917.comes in plain models, aiso tne popular French style.J. W. DAVIS & CO.MONEY SPENT FOR CLOTHESRight now is monsy saved later.We are asking no mora for our clotlu.ing, and yo can save by buying.J. W. DAVIS & CO.GRADUATION TIME NEAR.FOR COUNTY ATTORNEY.We are authorized to announce WM.GRANNAN as a candidate for theDemocratic nomination for the officeol County Attorney of Bourbon Coun-Graduation time is graving near. Be ty, subject to the action oi tne voieiaj. .., i, ' ua nrimnrv plp.ntlon on Saturday,sure anu see our wonu?nui une uii " w--..,goods suitable for graduation gifts atreasonable prices.15-tf) SHIRE & FITHIAN.WINTERS CO. INCORPORATED.BEAUTIFUL NEW GOODS.Just received beautiful new goods inSterling Silver most suitable forchoice wedding gifts.15-tf)' SHIRE & FITHIAN.PARIS MAN NARROWLYMISSES DEATH UNDER TRAINWhile stepping from one track toanother to avoid a freight train pearthe Louisville & Nashville freight station in this city, Saturday afternoon,Mr. Robert Langston, a well-knownresident of Scott Avenue, had a narrow escape from instant death.Mr. Langston was returning to hishome and had started up the railroadtrack, proceeding through. thLdeep cutunder Duncan Avenue. Hearing thefreight train approach, he steppedfrom one track to another, not seeingth approach. of-the Cynthiana commuter passenger train in an oppositedirection. He was knocked down bythe engine, which with the baggagecar and) a coach, passed entirely overhim. The train was stopped and thetrain men, upon going back to pick uphis mangled remains, as they supposed, foundto their great surprise, thathe was alive. His head was cut andpart of his body bruised, but he was,apparently otherwise uninjured. . .Mr. Langston was -placed on atretcher.and removed to his home on' Scott avenue, where he was attendedby physicians. Yesterday he was Reported as hot so well, it being fearedhe had sustained internal injuries.Mr. Langston's advanced age, he beingseventy years, makes his family apprehensive asto the outcome of his, inAugust 4, 1917.The A. J? Winters Cc-, composed ofMrs. Fannie B. Winters widow ot fhelate Mr. A. J. Winter;, Mr. JamesEngleman and Mr. larnett Winters,has filed articles of Incorporation mthe office of County Clerk PearcePaton. The new company, which wiUcontinue the jewelry business at theeld stand, is capitalized at $10,000, apportioned into one hundred1 shares ofthe value of $100 each.Mr. Engleman 'has been associatedin the jewelry business with Mr. Winters for several years, and has been incharge since tlie death of Mr. Winters.The junior member of the firm, Mr.Baiett Winters, is a graduate of thePhiladelphia Horologi!al School.MASS MEETING TO TODISCUSd BOND ISSUE.There will be a masrf meeting at theCity School, Thursday! night, May 31,at 7-30 p m. All ciizens, parents,ladies, men and children are asked tobe present at this meeting to discssthe bontii issue proposjd for the addition to one school $B.THE BOARD OE EDUCATION.r, F. Clendnin, Pres.M. Peale Collier, Vice-Pre3.N. Houston Rion, Sect.A." B. Hancock,J.' S. Wilsoa,C. O. Hinton.GETS PROMOTION.., xTrCiim Keller, of Paris,Corporal ;-. F iA in the rank ofhn been proiuut-v-imissaryCom-onrnnt in company u. o.B-r- i,trtr-TQl P.nrns. jveutuwNational Guard,Sergeant Keue &Company CierK. i .Week37U iSston aHhe expirationretM'J wferi thl Signal Corpof thai uu. .nt0.fcie Federal serwill be muwiv-vice.Danee-Iovers liraI sic in the world.' Hm jamIVictiolw. $15 to $400 Hffl mWGet a Victrolaand a dozenVictor Recordson our easy payment plan "andyou'll be able todance "wheneveryou wish andto the best music in the world.'Victrol... $15 to $400Daugherty Bros.m5FRANK & COMPANYTHE RELIABLE STORESpecial PricesVONSUITS, COATSAND DRBSSESJ r -;Never, so early in the season, havewe made such attractive prices, orhad such a conlplete stock to selectfrom. Come in and take a look.SPECIAL!Now Showing Newest StylesWash SkirtsWash Dressesand House DressesinFRANK & COMPANYKaltexPorch Furniture!You Wish YOUR PORCH to Look the BEST. KALTEXFURNITURE Will Accomplish This For You.We have at last received this line of Chairs and Swings in the beautifulBaronial Brown. Every piece is practically indestructible, as every one is built onwire and the joints reinforced with steel braces. We show you one pattern here,but have many in stock to show you.Porch and Lawn, Swings, Refrigerators''lm i 1 1 i i n -r.i ii ii . yifJf - "JN -Vudor Porch Shades are thet Best!THEJ.T.HINTOJVCO.MOTOR HEARSEMOTOR INVALID COACHUNDERTAKINGccEITHERPHONE" 36,SIXTH AND MAIN STS.vwTHE BOURBON NEWS, PARIS, KY.TUESDAY, MAY 29, lfT.WONDERFUL STUFF!LIFT OUT YOUR CORNS-Apply a Few Drops Then Lift Cornsor.s Callouses Off With Fingers.No Pain.No humbug! Any corn, whetherhard, soft or between the toes, willloosen right up and lift out, withouta particle of pain or soreness.This drug is called Freezone and isa compound of ether discovered by aCincinnati man.Ask at any drug store for a smallbottle of Freezone, which will costbut a trifle, but is sufficient to ridone's feet of every corn or callous.Put a few drops directly upon anytender, aching corn or callous. Instantly the soreness disappears andshortly the corn or callous will loosenand can be lifted off with the fingers.This drug Freezone doesn't eat outthe corns or callouses but shrivelsthem without even irritating the surrounding skin.Just think! No pain at all; nosoreness or smarting when applying itor afterwards. If your druggist don'thave Freezone have him order it foryou. (adv)Where Does Lightning Go?Lightning is the light caused by thepassage of an electric current or anelectric discharge, so we say. Now,where does the lightniug go when Itreaches the ground? With the passingof the electricity the lightning flash isgone. But it is not the lightning thatreaches the ground; it is the electricityThat passes Into the ground and causeschanges that man is just beginning tounderstand. It has a definite effect onthe soil and upon the life contained Inthe soil. Kansas City Star.Bourbon Building &Loan AssociationFIRST NAT'L BANK BUILDINGIN REAR OF BANKEntrance on Fourth StreetSERVICEvs.COSTWhen you buy something tokeep, its value to you must bemeasured in terms of servicenot cost.It may be cheap at $100.00, orexpensive at $10.00.You buy not the article itself,bat what it will do for you.Our glasses, by relieving eyestrain perform an importantservice to the wearer, and areworth many times our reasonable charge.Careful eye examination without the use of drops.We Fit Where, Others FailAny lens quickly duplicated.FRYE & FRANKLINMOTORS OF OPTOMETRYBMf., opp. Windsor HotelYou Don't Have toStoopIf You Use aGarlandCabinetRangeA MMttful line Garlands on 41ptey. dm In and lok them ovtr.Paris Gas & Electric Co.. .' 4.-. .,- " -t ,r m 4PK5HBBlfBjI M I(Ioartriti) " ?HONESTY IS STILLTHE BEST POLICYTruth Stranger Than FictionAnd Spreads Faster.ASK THESE TANLAG USERSMany persons think testimonials foradvertised medicines are fakes. Tanlac is a tonic too well known to Kentuckians to need any fake testimonials.Writers of Tanlac's advertising do notquote people living in other states.They give you the names and addresses of your own friends, neighborsand acquaintances right here in thegood old Blue Grass State. This advertisement hasn't a word to say forTanlac. All it does is give you a listof people right here in this state, towhom you may write for particularsabout Tanlac. Maybe you know someof these:I'ikeville Mrs. Frances Yost.r,awrenceburg Mel wood Stevens.Horse Branch Ij. C Crawford.Whitley City O. Z. Brit-hard.Daley Malinda Sizeinore.,(Ireenup-.lames Wayson.Blato Alcie Harris.Public V. C. Bullock.Blato Mrs. Lucy Glasgow.Somerset Mrs. (!. W. Meece.Stepheiisburg Mrs. Louisa Shively.Whitley City Mrs. Tina Brown.Bee LU-k-.John Elder, R. V. 1). Xo. 1.Salyersvillo-Mrs. 11. G. Gardner.Ilendrix Cora B. Amett.Sherburne Mrs. .lohn K. Stephens.Ivan Delta Amburgey.Sebree-Mrs. Ilattie Slielion.Beady -J. T. Hendrk-k.Niles Mrs. Katharine Meade.Yamacrau Thomas Chitwood.Tanlac has benefited all the folksnamed above, and all are ready to saya good word for the medicine anytime. Ask them.Eelt He Came Second.One day I took ray little boy oveito his grandmother's, and while wewere there he got into mischief, so hisgrandmother slapped his hands and hecame lo me crying, and said his grandmother had slapped him. I being busyat the time, just told him to go awayand not bother me, that his grandmother would not slap him If he didnot deserve It. Later on I asked himwhat he did that his grandmotherslapped him, and he said: "Oh, it isno use telling you, you love your mother anyhow." Chicago Tribune.FOR YOUR CHILD'S COUGH.Here's a pleasant cough syrup thatevery child likes to take, Dr. Bell'sPine-Tar-Honey. It your child has adeep hacking cough that worries yougive him Dr. Bell's Pine-Tar-Honey,the soothing jpine balsams relieve thecough, loosens the phlegm and healsthe irritated tissues. Get a bottle today at your druggist and start treatment at one. 25c.(may-adv)After the Honeymoon.'Does your husband love you aswell as he did when you were firstmarried?" "He claims to, but hedoesn't make such a Zuss about It"Puck;CAHAL BROS.BARBER SHOPPrompt and Courteous Attention toPatrons.HOT AND COLD BATHS.Correct EnglishHOW TO USE IT.A MONTHLY MAGAZINE,Josephine Turck Baker, Editor.For Progressive Men and Women,Business and Professional; Club Women. Teachers. Students. Ministers,Doctors, Lawyers, Stenographers, andAm all -who wish to Speak and WriteCorrect English Special FeatureMonth; Your Erery-Day Vocabulary;How to Enlarge it Sample Copy 10c.Subscription Price $2 a Year.EVANSTON, ILLINOIS.wOJDourbon Poultry Remedy?ovn a r c5c wW-Mpe 'TT?l-,2A few drois iu tbo . c-tv-t-fdrinking water cures IrAPFSdiarrhoea. choli'ra and other chickdi-ieasos. One f0-cent bottlo makes,'12 srallous of medicine. At drutrtfsbi or by mail postpaid. Valuable poultry book free on request.B-JL'tESa REIEBY CQM Liilntiw, j.?eOropPILES! PILES! PILES!WIUAMT INDIAN POLE OINTMENTWill eve Mini, BtoedUr snd Itchla PUtt.It baclM the tumor, Allays itcklnr avt cmce,eiS mm m sovltiee, glrcs inataat relief.Wer sele mj mU drmfiieU, mail Kt Md UjOQ.WIIIAMS MFC CO., Tmf.taYmlmm4, QHOIERDORFER, The DrugglsVMODERN INDUSTRYThe Immense Debt It Owes tothe Science of Chemistry.' a guest of friends in Paris.A VITAL FORCE IN BUSINESS. ZttXtoSZ?Miss Dorcas Usery is the guest ofher sister, Mrs. W. A. Clarke, in Cin-It Is an Exceptional Process or Manu- cinnati.facturing Plant In These Days That Mrs. W. P. Cheatham has returnedDoes Not Rest Fundamentally Upon to her home in Carlisle after a visit. . , n . , to friends in Paris.Chemical Control. . Mr and Mrs Walter Martin haveSix gentlemen gathered round a ta- returned from a visit to Mr. and Mrs.bio on which were displayed a steel Lee Taul, in Carlisle.. , , Miss Pearl Carter, of Cannel City,rail, a waterproof shoe, a fifty cent is visiting her grandparents, Dr. andnecktie and a tin of preserved beef. Mrs. McClure, at Little Rock.Each claimed credit for creating these Mrs. Thompson H. Tarr has recommodities turned from a visit to friends in. ' i i. , , , Spartansburg, South Carolina."All are products of our wonderful faster William Dennison, son offactory system," said the manufactur- Mr and Mrs. A. R. Dennison, is re-er. "My foresight built the factory, covering from an attack of measles,and my management keeps it going." . Mr. and Mrs. Chester C. Cole and"How about money?" protested the children have returned to their homebanker. "Where would your factory in Carlisle after a visit to friends inbe without my financial aid?" Paris.The third man was an engineer. I Mr. Frank Shackleford, of Cin-"Neither factory nor finance would cinnati, a former resident of Paris,have been of much account without was a siest .Sunday o relatives andmy professional ability in working out frien(ls in tlns Cltyprocesses," he asserted. "Each of Mr- Warder Stickrod has return-these articles embodies hundreds of ed to his home in Ewmg, Ky after aengineering problems which Isolved."have"All production rests on labor," de- '. , , . 'n G ..?, 7ork"an T p an(l oveialls. "If I walk out of your factoryU .rr-T Kt . , J"1 built up the consuming demandfor your stuff," chipped in the sales-man.Finally the sixth man spoke."I am a chemist," he said, "andthese are all chemical products. Allindustry today is three-fourths chem-ical. You may think that your steelrail was made in furnaces and millsby purely mechanical processes, butfrom start to finish it depends onchemical exactness in materials andmanipulation, and if the chemistry Islacking the rail breaks. That chrometanned shoe is a chemical achievement.Chrome tanning is a chemically exactprocess. The necktie is made of artifi-cial silk, a chemical imitation that isat once ciieap, good looking and use-fill. As for your can of beef, the pack-ing industry has been built up onchemical research, and this meat wasprobably paid for with chemical by-products. Gentlemen, three-fourths ofall our manufacturing today is chem-Ical at bottom, and you must recognizethat fact if you are going to extendyour business and continue to makemoney". ... - . . , .Enter a vital new factor in Americanindustry-chemical control.Look-at our manufacturing plantsvun. ui vu.. inujauL wub i u udthrough the eyes of the chemist andproducts that you had supposed wereentirely mechanical in their nature,such as building materials, metals, ma-chinery, and the like, become productsof the laboratory. The food you eat,the beverages you drink, the clothes Cimmencement Exercises, Thursday,you wear, the tools you use, your June 7, 1917, High School Auditoplaythings and studies and the power, rium, Paris, Kentucky, Eight P. M."heat and light that keep you comforta- Mr. and Mrs. Jos. W. Davis enterble in the modern world in every one tained at their home on High streetof thorn is Kiihtlft nhemical supervision. Firday evening with a dinner party inr. nnHni ww,a rwior,-nTOwn ,- i - ,.,- ft,n,in Turner, of Walnut Hills, Cincinnati,nowadays that does not rest funda- Sat'urday they motored, to Lexing.mentally on chemical control, and If t where th were guestg of Mryou find one that does not something aud Mrs Davis at supper at the Counts probably the matter with it for that try club.very reason. i Mr and Mrs w F Talbott haveHere is another way of illustrating as Mr. an(L Mrs. Fithian Shippchemical control: and babe and Mrs. B. B. Shipp, all ofEverybody knows that much hasbeen accomplished in the past few Covington. Mrs. Grover Baldwin enyears by intelligent study of people in tertained with a dinner Friday in theirIndustry-the workers. A manager honor, and Firday nigth they wereunderstands that his people have dif- guests or honor at an entertainmentferences of temperament, education, 6ln by Mr. and Mrs. Wm. M. Talbrains, strength, likes and dislikes. He r. , . . . .uses their natural abilities as far as I -Miss Besse HoUaday , who is to be,JT j i xi - . married soon to Dr. Chart G. Daugn.-possible rand, when these are too pro- was a Qf. nonor Saturdaynounced in a certain direction, may at a luncneon given by Mrs. Arthur B.check one against another, as by har- Hancock, at her home on Pleasantnesslng careless energy and cautious street. The luncheon was served inexperience together. Even differences courses. Those besides Miss Hollaof nationality, politics and religion can day who enjoyed Mrs. Hancock's hosbe .harmonized to increase output, raise pitality were: Mrs. John Stuart Robearnings, cut costs and abolish waste erts, Miss Loraine Butler, Mrs. M. H.and accidents. ' 'Dailey, Miss Sallie Lockhart, MissNow comes the chemist and & insiststhat the materials of industry are justaDOUt use me peupie. j-u uib icm-peramental. They have warm likesand dislikes for each other. Some areenergetic and some sluggish. They differ with mass, temperature, time, andso on. Their differences are as subtleas human whimsies, being detected The sixth annual session of the sumonly with the microscope or delicate 'mer school will be held in Transyl-reactions in many cases. Tne chem- .Vania College, at Lexington, on Jujieist aims to bring about with materials j4 to 22 inclusive. The program inthe same balance and working har- I ciU(ies addresses by some of the great-mony that the manager of employees'nines about witn numan Deings.We must all get acquainted with eachother on this new basis, says the chem-1st Bankers and business men mustget the chemical viewpoint and learnto pass oil cuumH:u, uu. jr wcall in the engineer for professionaljj ,V. 4-U, mnL-a InracfmanfctfUiuuixv.t: yy ucu n;j iuu.i unwimuiwand start new enterprises. They mustlearn to call in the chemist in tbesame way and use his knowledge inclearing up technical problems., lTieirrelation with the engineer was not established in a day.A similar relation with the chemistwill take time. For the present theyshould cultivate an acquaintance withchemist and chemical literature.The chemist, on his' part, recognizesthat he has been too closely absorbedin his profession and that he must nowcultivate the acquaintance of the banker, the business man and the man inthe street and show them, where chemistry touches everything in modern life.James H. Collins in Saturday Evening Post . 'Yesterday's neglect cause two-thlrdaht today's worry.-SOCIAL AND PERSONAL.Comings and Goings of OurPeople Here, There andElsewhere.Prof. T. A. Hendricks was in Louisville, Friday, on business.Miss May Lyson, of Maysville, isvisit to ins parents, iir. anu lvirs. J.S. Stickrod, in Paris.TIn TnHiA T il1r4s linn ia4ii nr"? "."'T1"" , ,CU,"BUfrom Hawkmsville, Ga., where she hashad charge of a class in music tospeml the summer vacation here.Mr. Edward Fothergill, son of Mr.icharles w. Fothergill, of Paris, who1has neen residing in Cincinnati for'several years, is very ill at his home jin that city.Mrs. Lon Haley left Friday forher home in Wilcox, Texas, after atwo-months' visit to her father, Mr.Samuel Ewalt, Sr., and her sister, Mrs.Thomas McDonald, in this city.! Mr. Keith Phillips, of Mississippi,arrived Saturday to join his wife, whohas been a guest at the home of her.parents, Mr. and Mrs. Jas. Douglas, onMain street, for several weeks.Dr. Milton J. Stern entertainedwith a dinner party Friday evening inhonor of Dr. Charles G-. Daugherty,whose marriage to Miss Besse Holla-,jay wi be an event in early June.I Mr 0. P. Clay, of near Paris, who'underwent a serious surgical opera-tion at the Good Samaritan Hospital,in Lexington, last week, is reported asgetting along very well, and restingcomfortably.j Mrs. Amos Turney was hostess toa number of friends at her home onthe Maysville pike, near Paris, Fri-idar afternoon. Several interestinggames of cards were played, after1 which luncheon was served., n ,1 1 .Irs' Rger ,9- Thomson, of Colum-a, South Carolina, who has been vis-. . fa Mr Roger Thomson, ingt M has arrived in Parigfor a visit lo Mayor and Mrs. J. T.Hinton, and other relatives,Tne following notations haveDeen i3SVLea: "The Senior Class of theParis High School announce theirhonor of their guests, Mr. and Mrs. iLexington, and Miss Lucy Williams, of ;Z HoHay, ssRachel' wiggins 'Mrs. Thompson H.Tarr and Misg onie Butier.(Other Personals on Page 5)SIXTH ANNUAL SESSIONOF SUMMER SCHOOL."est experts in Sunday School work inAmerica.The school is conducted under theauspices of the Kentucky Christian... 0i,i a,;oHo, a ia nnaLq the largegfc and one of the latestschools for Sunday Schooll ,"" mar.,ni V Ul 1VC D l nmcjii-u.BUYS CARLISLE HOMEMr. J. Brack Crouch, lately a resident of the Little Rock vicinity inthis county has purchased of Mr. Howard Ogden, the latters's residence onSycamore street in Carlisle, for ?3,250.The sale was made through the C. XJ.Bramblett real estate agency, of Carlisle. REVENUE ASSIGNMENTS.Collector Ben Marshall, of the Seventh Internal Revenue District in hislist of revenue assignments for themonth of June, assigns the followingto Bourbon, county:No. 77 Julius Kessler & Co., Paris:John A. Logan, storekeeper-gauger incharge;.-T.-Sellers,-xadditional...1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 n 1 1 1 n nitSPECIAL!Ladies9 Black Kid, White WashableKid TopLadies' Brown Kid, White WashableKid Top$5,95Regular $8.00 ValuesWe have about 30 pairs of bothwhich we are closing out. Comewhile we have your size.HARRYfl-M- ''li-l''I"li'li-r"-i'i-I''Ii'Ii'''2"I"I"'I'g"I-'I" ii....i. ii.i. ...Special AttentionIs Called To Our Pretty Display OfSUMMER DRY GOODS,DRESS GOODS, SILKS,LADIES' SUITS, SILK SUITS,SILK SKIRTS, COATS, WAISTS.Handsome Display ofLADIES', MISSES' AND CHILDREN'STRIMMED HATSWE GIVE BLUE STAMPS. Call in. We are pleasedto show you. We are reasonable in price, and will saveyou on your purchases.itwin Bros. Department StoreSeventh and main st$.SPECIALSFOR A FEW DAYS!We Are Offering Real Bargains InMEN'S SUITSSee the values, which are on display in our windows.$10.00, $12.50, $15.00You'll save from $2.50 to $5.00.Be Sure and Buy Some of the ShirtsWe-Are Selling Forr 95 CentsThey are $1.50 Values.TWINClothing and Shoe Dept.HMflRGOLEN'SLBest Grade Flour t ftA241b. sack..'. 51-90Best Grade Granulated 0 A.25 lbs, for 5-4WPur Hog Lard 9iper pound cBest High Grade Coffee' 9 -perpound DcSpecial Prices on Fruitsand Vegetables.Home Killed Meats.HftRGOLEN'SSPFGIAS THIS WEEKI Sanitary Meat Marketwu 1 1 1 H"MM"H"U t 1 in 1 1 1 1 ,LINVILLEParis, KentuckyBROS.L. Wollstein, PropTry a Package ofDarling'sMeatCrispsFor Your Little ChickensIt is Just the Thing.For Sale byW. C. DODSONSuth Main St.ThHmt of God CoalII.TUESDAY, MAY 20, 1917.jfHE BOURBON NEWS, PARIS KY.PAGE SIYMK$100 REWARD $100The readers of this paper will bepleased to learn that there is at leastone dreaded disease that science hasbeen able to cure'in. all its stages andthat is catarrh. Catarrh being greatlyinfluenced by constitutional conditionsrequires constitutional treatment.Hall's Catarrh Medicine is taken internally and acts through the blood onthe Mucous Surfaces of the System,thereby destroying the foundation ofthe disease, giving the patient strengthby building up the constitution andassisting nature in doing its work.The proprietors have so much faithm the curative powers of Hall'satarrh Medicine that they offer OneHtendred Dollars for any case that itfails to cure. Send for list of testiMonialg. Address F. J. CHENEY & CO., Toledo, Ohio. Sold by all Druggists, 75c.(may-adv)Uncle's Wise Observation."A true friend," said Uncle Eben, "isliable not to be near as keerful ofyoh feelin's as de man dat needs youin his business."BEST REMEDY FORWHOOPING COUGH"Last winter when my little boy hadthe whooping cought I gave him Chamberlain's Cough Remedy," writes Mrs.J. B. Roberts, East. St Louis, 111. "Itkept his cough loose and relieve himof those dreadful coughing spells. Itin the only cough medicine I keep inthe house because I have the mostconfidence in it." This remedy Ualso good for colds and croup.(may-adv)Professional Cards.DR. WM. KENNEY .Eye, Ear, Nose and Throat.ROOMS 403-404.FIRST NAT'L BANK BUILDING.PHONE 136.WM. GRANNAINAttorneyat-LawROOMS 401-402.FIRST NAT'L BANK BUILDINGWANTED !Every Lady inBourbonCountyTo Visit OurBAKERY!EVERY DAYVISITORS'DAY!WILMOTHGrocery .Co.PhoneI376ii 3( qp-Be Ready ForAn OpportunityOne often hears, "If I onlyhad a little money I could makea fortune,"Why not be ready when opportunity knocks at your door?Plan to place in the bank acertain percentage of your salary or business profits.Then when the main chancecomes along you'll be readyfor it.Banking in every form.Farmers' & Traders' BankF. P. KISER, President W. W. MITCHELD, Cashier.WM. GRIMES, Bookkeeper.$ .-"uci Diriii unono rDAiiii-i-i J u t- vrvfurs? rrvwiYIA PARIS CITIZEN.Is your back lame and painful?Does it ache especially after exertion? Is there a soreness in the kidneyregion?These symptoms suggest weak kidneys. If so, there is danger in delay.Weak kidneys get weaker fast.Give your trouble prompt attention.Doan's Kidney Pills are for weakkidneys.Your neighbors use and recommendthem.Read this Paris testimony.Mrs. A. L. Burley, 329 Eighth St.,Paris, says: "I have used Doan's Kidney Pills a fp.w times, p-prtinfr tlmmI from the Ardery Drug Co., and fromjthe benefit I have received, I certainlythink they are a good, reliable remedy. Whenever my kidneys have beenweak and lame, I have used a box orso of Doan's Kidney Pills. They havealways relieved me of the complaint."Price 50 cents at all dealers. Don'tsimply ask for a kidney remedy getDoan's Kidney Pills the same thatMrs. Burley had. Foster-Milburn Co.,'Props,. Buffalo, N. Y. (adv)CLARK COUNTY HEMPCROP 300,000 POUNDS SHORTThe pooled crop of hemp of Clarkcounty, which was purchased by thefirm of E. F. Spears & Sons, of Paris,and estimated at two million pounds,fell short 300,000 pounds according toestimates furnished at the warehousein Winchester, where the hemp is being received.Marion Leach and John Clark, ofParis, who have been there for thepast two months, will have it allhouse by the first of this week, whenthe last of it will be shipped toEastern milling points. The finalshipments, it is said, will bring thetotal up to 1,700,000, which indicatesthe yield was not quite as heavy asit was first thought by the growers.The first half of the total pooledhemp crop purchased by the Paris firmjwas bought at $13.75 per hundred,wiuie uie remainder was soui ai, ii.iuper hundred. Receiving has been going on as rapidly as the fibjer was broken out and during the past threej weeks it has been progressing rapidly.A "Fast" Train."Speaking of railroads," said thetruthful man, "the ultimate word, inmy experience, was a certain 'limited'on which 1 traveled last summer. At apoint where we wero making our greatest speed a man stood at the side ofthe track with a moving picture machine. 1 leaned out of the windowand called to him. l!ow are you getting on?'"He stopped turning the crank andspoke with an expression of deep disgust: "'It don't seem to be no use,' hepaid. 'Hold your head still, please. Iwant to get a time exposure.'" Everybody's. A Delicious Cup of Tea.If you want to keep your friendsguessing get from your druggist aneighth of a pound of dried o ran no blossoms (they are very expensivei am:cteep two or three to a cupful alongwith your tea leaves. Omit sugar,lemon or cream, as either cloys thedelicate flavor of the orange buds. Bisure you get them strictly fresh aiHyfrom a receptacle tightly covered andkeep them air tight yourself. Thisnovel idea was introduced into smarttudios by a clever Frenchwoman and! proved very popular.The manufacture of absolutely clearuce witnout uie use ot distilled' waterjhas been made possible by the invention of a pump to keep the water inj circulation without areating it while itis being frozen.SOAwFfm3l0ii'.THE WOWW1THJHE HOEFarming and Gardening CallForth Overalls and PracticalWorking Clothes for WomenNEW YORK, May 28, 1917.The familiar, age-old saying tells usthere is a time for everything, andjust now there is no doubt that thetime has come to shoulder the hoeand cultivate the land. Women, aswell as men are joining the greatarmy of soldiers of the soil for whichthe country calls, for this is one of theways in which we are urged to "doour bit" in giving helpful service.Women who are seriously taking tofarming and gardening have had to decide on suitable clothes to work in.They have adopted partial overallsand simple uniforms consisting of ashort skirt and a plain, practicalwaist.b:oci.Equipped for Outdoor Work WithOveralls and Sun-HatWhen we talk of overalls, however,it does not mean that we must give upall those fascinating summer clotheswe have been planning to wear just assoon as tne weatner would be warmenough to allow us to indulge in them.For, of course, there will still be timesto dance, and then we shall wearthose ravishing frocks of net and organdy, chiffon and tulle, and thoseother airy nothings which are so necessary to the happiness of women.Then, too, there will come the timesto play when we shall revel in thosewonderfully attractive sports clotheswith gay striped and plftid skirts andthe smart belted middy blouses.But, to go1 back to the overall.Whether women are really going to Idevote a great deal of time to farmingin earnest, or whether they are simplygoing to cultivate the small tplot in thebackyard to raise the vegetables Lorthe family supply, an overall suit isthe thing to get.The sketch shows a suit of verypractical overalls. This is the kindthat is forn with any separate blouse,the top of the overalls being made injumper effect. The bloomers areroomy and comfortable. They aregathered1 at the lower edge and securely tucked under the tops of the highlace shoes, which are the correctshoes to wear for gardening. No dirtor twigs will get in and make the feetuncomfortable when the bloomers arearranged in this way with the shoesladed up over them.Some overalls arc made all in onewith waist and sleeves sewed in, forming a complete costume which eliminates the necessity of wearing a waistunderneath. This style is preferredby some women.The overalls illustrated have been'iadopted by the National AmericanWoman Suffrage Association whosomembers use them in the agriculturaldepartment.There is a growing demand for overalls for women since the agriculturalfield has been opened up to them as itnever has been before; but not alonefor this purpose are the overalls used.In many factories skirts have beendiscarded and the women workershave donned overalls, as they havebeen found much more satisfactorythan the handicapping skirt which isoften the cause of accidents.Women in the home are also takingto overalls for performnig the roughduties about the house. When usedfor this purpose, they are usuallymade up in the lighter matrials suchas percale, chambray and gingham.Ward Off Freckles With a Sun-HatWhile women are cultivating thesoil, they surely do not want to becultivating freckles as well, so thegardening outfit is not really completev-ithout a sun-hat or a sunbonnet toprotect the head. An excellent typeot sun-hat with a brim which may berolled up or down is shown with theoveralls illustrated. This is just as essential to the gardener as the hoe,rake or spade, not to mention the important overalls. The overalls and hatare usually made of the same materialand one of the anostv practical materials to use is khaki or heavy khakl-col-in pi m i rvWrtV. ' I A VJ? Jored materials. The color is the bestto use for the obvious reason that itdoes not show the dirt as much as anyMm? A t p -71 1 '! M.IfcL.vh, illi V. - -7 Vt 45 3v '.e 2:cCa:...; MA Drivtlx.l --.!. rs. . .. n.HUfli v.u5iuiub consists of aPlain Waist and Short Skirtther. Women's overalls are alsomade up in blue jean that practicalfabric which has always been used formen's overalls.Another very practical costume inuse now for outdoor work consists ofa tailored shirtwaist and a short khakiskirt with bloomers and detachableleggings. The illustration above showsthis costume. The waists are made)C heavy linen, percale, madras, poplin and all practical shirting materials. The skirts are provided; withlarge pockets, not merely a fashionfeature, but decidedly utilitarian.'TILL THE BOYS COME HOME""Keep the Home Fires Burning" isthe refrain of the new song of theAllies, translated into six languagesand sung from one end of the. Alliedlines to the other, in camp and out ofit, at recruiting stations, in hospitalsand in the trenches, anywhere andeverywhere that soldier hearts areturning back toward home .The song was written by a youngmusician of twenty, who was formerlya chorister at Magdalen College, IvorNovello. He tells an interesting storyof the song's origin and of its success."I do not know what inspired me towrite the song," he says. "I had inmind the idea of keeping the homesas nappy as possible while the soldiers were away."For some time I had the words'keep the home fires burning' runningthrough my mind, so I rang up Mrs.Lena Guilbert Ford. She came andwrote the words to the song in tenminutes. I did the music in about thesame time, and the whole thing wasfixed up in less than half an hour." 'Till the Boys Come Home' wasfirst sung at a Sunday concert at theAlhambra by Miss Sibyl Vance. I wasat the ipiano, and we had to give thechorus nine times. We knew then thatits success was assured."Shortly afterward tne young -composer went to the front with MissLena Ashwell's concert party, andsang the song; about 400 times intwenty-five days, in hospitals, in tents,and in huts. Everywhere the choruswas taken up with tremendous enthusiasm. The song is without martial fevor,being the most unpretentious andeveryday sentiment in the world, setto a tender, swinging melody thatechoes a simple love of simple, homely things. Southern Woman's Magazine for May.TREATING ELECTRIC SHOCKThe number cf deaths that occurevery year from electrio shock havenever been recorded by the statistician, but it is estimated by one electric company that they number manythousands. Fortunately, however, recent experiments have illustrated thatpersons apparently dead from electricshock may be resuscitated by a specialkind of first aid treatment, if givenimmediately. The victim is taken holdof by the heels, which are raised slowly until the weight of the body is onthe shoulders. This is done severaltimes in .succession, after which thebottom of the feet are tapped vigorously with a cane or stick. Inasmuchas an overdose of electricity causesthe victim to swallow his tongue, themouth should be opened and thetongue .pulled back into place the veryfirst thing. An encouraging number ofcases have recovered when administered this fiirs aid treatment, and it isnow being taught by several electricalcompanies.MUSCLE SORENESS RELIEVEDUmisal work, bending and liftingor strenuous exercise is a strain onthe muscles, they become sore andstiff, you are crippled and in pain.Sloan's Liniment brings you quick relief, easy to apply, it penetrates without rubbing and drives out the soreaess. A clear liquid, cleaner thanmussy plasters or ointments, it doesnot stain the skin or clog the (pores.Always have a bottle handy for thepains, aches o rheumatism, gout,lumbago, grippe, bruises, stiffnes3,backache andall external pain. Atyour druggist, 25c.(may-adv)Every time a man hears his namementioned in connection with a political office he imagines that the worldIs growing better.?11'till 'H 'LKa .i-irVJvlt1 5OPPORTUNITY!Mr. R. F. Clendenin, Associate General Agent forthe Northwestern Mutual Life Insurance Company, inone day recently, sold $100,000 worth of life insurancaover local and long distance lines of the Home TelephoneCompany and because of such an amount of businessaccumulated in one day, he divides the honors with usfor the efficient telephone service rendered. This is asplendid record for both Telephone and Insurance Companies. Mr. Clendenin says; "The service I get from yourCompany is all that I could ask, and on the closing dayof my campaign I used it with wonderful success.' 'Such an opportunity in facilitating business shouldbe grasped -by the public in general in employing co-operation,efficiency and confidence.Paris Home Telephone 8 Telegraph Go.(Incorporated)J. J. VEATCH, Uistrict Manager.W. H. CANNON, THOMAS K- SMITH.Local Manager. Cashier.A MAN AND HIS WIFELEVY, THE DRY CLEANERCumberland Phone 40Bourbon LaundryDWIS & FUNK, Props.Telephone No. 4. West 5 Streeti2:2!s:p agggA SL IBourbon Laundry,Paris Kentucky.ImHi.Mi.ImM I Ml 1 1 .l'fr'M"H''H''H'lTUB DRESSESMcCallDesignsFor JuneThe simplicity ofMcCall Patternsfor these smartlittle Summerfrocks appeals toThe HomeDressmakerWill 11The McCall Cutting and Construction Guide, Ifurnished FREEwith each pattern, insures aperfect -fi ttinggarment.McCall Patterns WaistNo. TldS. Skirt No. 77f.7.Many ot her new desijrusfor JuneMcCALL PATTERNS FOR JUNENOW ON SALEHARRYI i ac ' .Ait 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 ii i m it i 1 1 1 iimmay both .derive saiisf actionby having their worn and soiledgarments cleaned by us. Thecost is nominal, while the pleasure of wearing old clothes thathave the appearance of new,c onjunction with the knowledgethat you are effecting a greatving, must surely satisfy you.A phone brings us.Home Phone 1692Satisfaction is OurWatchwordWith all the latest improvements in laundryappliances and experthelpers we sve preparedto do work inferior tonone, and solicit yourpatronage.1 11 H l I Ml 1 1 1 1 -M 1 1 11 1 1 1 1 1 1.decidedly the vogue for Sum-;;mer, have a prominent place in JM Us ""wSm h:H3iCIirtFF32 TO "EfluisIarEHai fSSralf JN:fl wism nWSI I J WMIr f ''uJi TMcCall Pattern N'o. 7787.Many other attractivedesisns for JuaeSIMON7i ii 1 1 in i n in i i n n m-iMirmM,ti.!!4iJ!AsSixth and Mainitreets Parii, KyIJsPAGE EIGHT ""THE BOURBON NEWS, PARIS, KY.TUESDAY, MAY M, 1917.ft--frf.!lijirtHiPSMILLERSBURGMiss Jennie Slicer, of Nepton, with had been injured in an accident in one-r r i-v t-.-ij. -il - lton, of Ravenna, with Miss Kizzie MayMiss Mildred Collier left Mondayfor a three weeks' visit to her uncle.Br. Floyd Lone:, and Mrs. Lone, ofMqDaniell; Mr. and Mrs. George Watkins and little son, of London, "withMrs. Emma Reynolds; Misses LydaRice and Jennie Link, of Hutchison,with Mrs. F. E. Peterson; Mrs. J.Smith Clarke, of Shelbyville, with herTUniversity, Chicago, J-moUjer, Mrs. Sarah Thome..North Western111.Mr. and Mrs. Ollie Hurst, of Lexington, were guests ot Mr. and Mrs.0. E. Hurst, from Thursday until Saturday. Millersburg has been visited bythree hailstorms during the past week,one last Tuesday, again Saturdaynight and Sunday afternoon.The Young Men's Dancing Clubwill entertain the visitors of the townTiSth a dance at the Opera House thissovening, from 9:30 until 3.Misses Elizabeth Miller, of Transylvania University, Lexington, andAlma Duke Jones, who is teaching inKsrth Carolina, are at home for thefjoi&nier." Mr. and Mrs. M. C. Grimes enter-MATRIMONIAL.of t.hft MavKvillo cnttnn mills.Miss Parman was the nuraa Mncharge of the ward in which m Gilbert was located, and at the sick bedthe spark of love first flamed up. Acourtship followed Mr. Gilbert's discharge from the Maysville hospital,and Miss Parman's removal to theParis institution, the wedding Fridaybeing the climax.The groom is a very popular younggentleman of Maysville, and is highlyesteemed by all who know htm. Hisbride is a native of London, Ky., andwhile a nurse in the Massie Hospitalin Paris, won the lasting friendship of ! jfjeveryone connected with the institution. She was held in high esteem bythe patients who camo under her careand was .regarded as one of the mostWflfimirilMANNOUNCEMENT.At a dinner given In Lexington,Friday evening, by Miss Edyth Hannafor twelve of her friends the interesting announcement was made of theengagement of her sister Miss Ethel , popular members of the nursing staff,Snapp, of Paris. Tift wedding will bean event of the coming month.THATfSCHOOL BOND ISSUEThe news was an interesting sur-TAUL TERWILLIGAN.Mr. and Mrs. Thos. Taul, of thisJcity, announce the marriage of their- . . . ta nf nn io c? mnrin LrnnTxm nun Tier runtamed Friday evening auout one uozen i- """ n"?.mu,v' --" "u'1"b.w"v dauehter. Miss Olive Wilkerson Taul.mroninir liv Alice M11CO llArVVlllPr 111 I w ."'""b "J . w.,.w ., formorlv nf Pnric tn Tir Plvrlo T Toi-.Liiaiiimio uiiu ucvcj nci.i3couple in honor of Miss Nora Brooks,of Winchester, who has been a visitorhere since the M. C. commencement,.and will remain over until after M. M.3. commencementAt the graduation exercises of the2i)lersburg College last week announcement was made that MissGladys" Bowen, daughter of Mr. and3rs. E. S. Bowen, of Carlisle, hadmade the highest general average ofany student in the College during thejfast year.Mrs. Mary Huffman moved Mon.day to Berry, where she will join herson, Richard Huffman, who has recently located on a farm there. Mrs.Htiffman is one cf our most influential ladies, and her son one of our mostpopular young gentlemen. They willdo light housekeeping for the present,and we trust that they will returnto us in the autumnThree sides of bacon, a couple ofiams and other foodstuffs stolen fromthe meat house of Arris Wiggins, inNicholas county, were sold in Millersburg, and later recovered. Arris Pollard, a young white man, was arrestedby Sheriff Parker, of Nicholas county,and taken to Carlisle charged with thetheft. His trial will lake place at thefecial term of Circuit Court in June.The commencement exercises offe. M. I. opened formally Sunday at 111a., m.. at which time Dr. E. L. Powell, iof the First Christian Church, of Loua veryspeech. Congratulations and bestwishes followed, and all joined indrinking to the health and prosperityof the attractive couple.The party was given at the home ofMrs. Albert Faulconer, on Woodlandavenue, in Lexington. The rooms weredecorated for the occasion with iris,syringos and red roses, carrying outthe .patriotic colors. Flags and red,white and blue draperies added to theartistic effect of the decorativescheme. During the evening refreshments were served, the table appointments being of special beauty.The bride-elect is a daughter of Mr.and Mrs. Hanna, of Cynthiana, She isa very charming and attractive youngwoman, who is at present making herhome with her sister, in Lexington.She was for some time a member ofthe nurses' staff at the Massie Memorial Hospital, in Paris.Dr. Snapp is a son of Mrs. AliceSnapp, of Paris, and brother of Mr.Dennis V. Snapp, of the KentuckianCitizen, and Mr. Sherman R. Snapp.Superintendent of a demonstratingcrew of the Royal Baking Powder Co.,with present headquarters at San Francisco, Cali., and Misses Edna, Gladys, - , uai. e ., c t..: ij v.,.jsville. delivered the baccaulaureateiaim ue oimpp.ui ia.,a. nC .-,ssxmon. The guests have been arriv-jbeen in the employ of Clarke & Co.fag for several days, and after a few j and the Ardery Drug Company, indays of rest with the close of the Paris, later going with the J. W.J. C. commencement, our little city Qayle Drug Co., in Frankfort. He reis once more in holiday attire. A good cently resigned his position there andmusical program had been arranged , purcliased an interest in the drug busifor Sunday morning which served s -fc , Paria beautiful prelude to the address,) . .which followed bv Dr. Powell. The where he Wl11 m lhe luture be assoc:'Main theme of his discourse was life. ated. Dr. Snapp is an excellent youngir its emotional form, the unseen, that business man of the highest character.hich creates- the heart throbs, can THE NEWS extends hearty congratuonly be fe) is never seen, and yet lations in advance of the happy event,lifts us to the highest motive. It wasor:e ol ine jniost oeauuiui discourses. CLARKE MAUPIN&Ter delivered in Millersburgwillignn, of Milford, Ohio, on Saturday,May 19.Miss Taul, who has been a memberof the faculty of the Milford HighSchool and Dr. Terwilligan surprisedtheir many friends by motoring toMaysville, where they were married atthe home of the officiating minister,Dr. Brand, pastor of the Baptist churchat Maysville.The bride is a most attractive youngwoman, a graduate of the Paris HighSchool, and for several terms one ofthe stars of the' High School basketball team. After leaving the ParisHigh School she attended the StateUniversity, where she graduated withthe highest honors. For the past twoyears she has been 'teaching in theMilford school.Dr. Terwilligan is a graduate of theUniversity of Cincinnati, Medical College, a member of the Sigma Nu fraternity, and was formerly a surgeon inCincinnati, where he had an extensivepractice. For the past two years hehas held an official position with theallied armies in France, with the rankof Captain. He returned to Americain December.Dr. and Mrs. Trewilligan expect togo abroad in a short time, he havingsecured a commission in the UnitedStates Army. They will come to Parisfor a visit to Mr. and Mrs. Taul aboutJune 2.4DEATHS.The ad-'4ress was about fifty minutes inJangth. The large audience listenedSsT rapt attention to all that was said.;About eight years a?o Dr. Powell delivered the literary address here, andso well did he .please the people atthat time that Col. Best has made several unsuccessful efforts to secure himshice then.The following is a partial list of"guests: .Miss Lyle Hutchison. Nepzpn, Mr, and Mrs. Bailee PeBell. ofBwingjrith Mr. mid Mrs. It. M. Cald-(vrellrMr. and Mrs. .7. B. Cunningham.,of Cynthiana. Misses Mary Allie Per-!rish, and Lilli" Harland. of Clinton- jville, with Mr. and Mrs. T. W. Cur-rent; Miss Avonia Corhran and Mrs jS. E. McClanahan. Nicholasville. with (34rs. Minnie C. Hurst and family: Dr.H INKLE.The body of Anna Hinkle. six-weeks-olddaughter of Mr. and Thur-iman Hinkle, who died at the home ofThe marriage of Miss Gertrude her parents, near Little Rock, wasClarke, daughter of Mr. and Mrs. W.Mthetaken to Carlisle for interment inClarke, of Loudon avenue, Lexing- Carlisle Cemetery.tonto Mr. Joseph Mxupin, of the samecity, took place at the home of the j LARUE,officiating minister, Rev. W. E. Ellis .Mr. Frank Larue, a former rosier the Paris Christian church, in this dent of Shawhan. died sudclenlv at hisFacts About TheCity SchoolThe suggestion has been made that bycutting out the non-resident pupils we mightdo with fewer rooms and fewer teachers.If you will read carefully the followingfacts as to the number and distribution ofthe non-resident pupils you will see -that wecould not do without a single room or teacher, even though we should cut out every oneof the non-resident pupils. ,The High School has seven pupils perroom of non-residents.The Eighth Grade has none.The Seventh Grade has four. 'The Sixth Grade has eight.The Fifth Grade has seven.The Fourth Grade has six.The Third Grade has six.The Second Grade has twelve.The First Grade has six.Now, if we were to refuse to admit anynon-residents the largest number removedfrom anyone room would be twelve, whichyou can readily see would not save us a single room or teacher. But don't overlookthe fact that the increase derived from nonresidents is over $2,000 enough to hirehree teachers.More About TheIncrease in TaxesHow much is theyour property?assessed valuation ofIf it is $500 you would have to pay 50cper year.If 1750 you would pay 75c.If SI, 000 you would pay $1.00.If 1,200 you would pay 51.25.If 81,500 you would pay $1.50.If $1,750 you would pay $1.75.If $2,000 you would pay $2.00.If 2,500 you would pay $2.25.If $3,000 you would pay $3.00.Is it a fact in order to save 50cto $3.00 per year, you would vote tokeep 131 qf your own or your neighbor's children in the basement of theCity School building?If you don't believe these facts, goask to be shown through the building.andYou have the right to know the conditions, and we guarantee you every courtesy.BOARD OF EDUCATIONttiItl,,I4',r,'?,I,C,ItIMIMI'I''IjII,I,,M,'I'IIMIMI',I'ICC,3l'i1 v v v visnd Mrs. G. .D Judy: of Lexington,vith Mr. and Mrs. G. W. Judy; MissSusan Rhodes, of Elizaville, with Mrs.E.'M. Thoraason: Mrs. W. C. Daniels-and Miss Corinne Collins, of Paris,vrMr. and Mrs. I. C. Haley, of Paris, with"Mr. and Mrs. O. M. Johnson; Mr. andMrs. S. R, Allen, of Winchester, with. Mr. G. S Allen; Miss Loraine Watson.fcf Georgetown, with Mrs. C. B. Smith;?vxWx- I v. T dm-- :&.V.V.V.V I " "V ?'4.- .v.v. .BAi VllBfell;.city. baturday atternoon. 'l he coupio.home in Dallas, Texas, Sunday mornuere accompanied to Paris by Miss j,lg. The news was recived in a mesHazel Forts and Mr. Harry Carle, both sage t0 Mr. Charles Larue, o? Shawof Lexington. nan., ' Mr. Larue was well-known here,, PARMAN GILBERT. where he had -lived a good part of hisMiss Alice Parman, who was for life. He was a brother of Mr. Chas.several months one of the nurses on Larue and Misses Lizzie and Tilliethe general staff at the Massie Memo- Larue, of Shawhan, and Mrs. Preston,Tial Hospital, in this city, was married cf Missouri. He is survived by hisFriday afternoon in Maysville, in thi wife.office of County Clerk James Owens jby County Judge W. H. Rice, to Mr. i REYNOLDS.Luther Gilbert, of Maysville. A long and useful life in thelThe marriage was the sequel Lo a 'Christian ministry was brought to aromance which had its beginning at close Sunday morning, when Eld. L.the Hayswood Hospital, in Maysville, H. Reynolds, aged eighty, one of theseveral months ago, when the groom oldest and most widely-known minisunderwent a serious surgical opera-,ters in this section, passed to his retion for the removal of an eye, which ,uard' in the Great Beyond. His death- occurred at the Clark County Hospital,in Winchester, where he had been apatient but one day. Mr. 'Reynolds'death was the result of the infinuitiesof age, complicated with pneumonia.Eld. Reynolds was a native of Little;Rock, this county, where he was borni eighty years ago. He and. his wife cel-iObrated the sixty-first anniversary ofI their marriage on February 5. He was,a pastor of the church at Little Rockand at North Middletown for manyyears, and had held pastorates inmany 'other places. He is survivedt by his widow, who was fonmerly Missj Ccrilla B. Hitch, a native of Brackencounty, and the following children:Mrs. "Lewis Hagen, of Winchester;j Mrs. Minta Hughes, of Nelson county,i and Mr. Isaac S. Reynolds, of NorthMiddletown.i The funeral was held at the North; Middletown Christian church at threeo'clock yesterday afternoon, with ser-i vices conducted by Rev. John Chris-Itopherson, of North Middletown, assisted by Revs. Carl Wolfe and J. W.Ligon. The burial followed on thefamily lot in the North MiddletownCemetery.The active pall-bearers were JohnYoung, Ben Hopkins, ,James ClarkRoger Burris, Eddie Burris, OllieSoper, Elmer Boardmah. JonathanEurris. Honorary, W. S. Jones, T. J.Judj Dr. R. D. Weaver, E. K. Thomas,Wm. McCray, James Bryant, John Talbott and Will Young.riHHMHPk.Ai tS5. . (IEPARE!E Get Your Summer Shoes NowOthers Like ItYou WillLet the big paintbuyers help you decide. Hundreds ofbig manufacturersuseSherwin-WilliamsPAINTS & VARNISHESbecause they know thequality has been provedthat these productsmeet every condition.The "Cover the Earth"label stands for quality,durability and coveringpower. It is your protection in buying paint.Our enormous stocks-our closecontact witri trie world's greatestfashion shoe.centers-our wonderfulsystem of merchandising mustassure you of the very latest in0k99LI :A. DAUGHERTYIHigh Grade Men's, Women's and Children's 5POOTWEAR!We are very proud of the fact that now, when one shouldmake every dollar go the furthest, the people appreciatemore than ever the money-saving possibilities offered here.JOIN THE CROWDSTo the Big Bargain Shoe Store this week compare qualityand prices and you will be surprised at the big savings Ur.GIFT SELECTIONS.Make your gift selections from ourcomplete stock.THE A. J. WINTERS ,CO.SHOOTER HELD OVER.In the County Court; Saturday,Charles Henderson, colored, who shotand killed Charles Johnson, during aquarrel near Centerville about ,twoweek ago, was held to.. the grand-jurywithout bond on a murder charge.Ladies' Gray and White Kid Ka- ACtinka Pumps 2p51,JLadies' White Kid or Rich Brown - GE.Russ. Tan Boots 4.tlOLadies' White Canv. Sea IslandBoots and Pumps a.SjLadies' Canvas Strap Pumpsat ' JLttJLadies' Kid Lace Boots and Pumps J0which add grace to your foot. . . 5r57Ladies' Pat. Dull Kid co QQ co -QBoots and Pumps at. ..3AJ-;p&f'JLadies' Pat. and Gun Metal Sfioes QQand Slippers at 1 ""Men's Russian Tan English ,Shoes and Oxfords, W.-O. ..$4.50 UpMen's Plat. Calf Eng. and MediumToe Shoes and Oxfords, W.-O. . . .Men's Gun Metal and Tan Shoesand Oxfords, Walk-Over. :Men.s Gun Metal, Button andand Lace, good qualityMen's Tan Lace OxfordsMen's Gun Metal High Shoes andOxfords$4.003.502.992,491.99Boys', Misses' and Children's Shoes and Slippers AtONE-HALF THE PRICE YOU PAY ELSEWHEREDAN COHENParis' Greatest .Shoe StoreWhere Beauty and Economy Reign"TI'lrtfc.'E-.