$ -'-v-.,:vl' H.THE BOURBON NEWSr-.-''c' '- At.jjk& ,;;':;? T?PUBLISHED EVERY TUESDAY AND FRIDAY IN THE YEAR,VOLUME XXXVI.PARIS, BOURBON COUNTY', KENTUCKY, TUESDAY, APRIL 3, 1917.?TWO PRISONERS STEAL n O. I n ifaway from paris jail. uov. otamey Lalls4)n PatriotismWar May BeDeclared DV A bold and startling jail deliveryn T 1 ' WaS effected at an early hur, presumLOnffreSS 1 OdaV ably yesterday morning, by which two' (Prisoners in the Paris jail securedi their freedom, at least temporarily.By -Picking the lock of his cell onA Majority or the Members, Lhe uPPer floor- Robert coniey, white1.1 J A f 1 'arrested on a charge of forgery ,N wasA5bemuieu jrtre UUeniV in enabled to descend to the lower floor.BOURBON CIRCUIT COURTFavor of Such Action.where the colored prisoners are confined, and picking the lock on the cellin. which George Garrett, colored,rested, releasing him, Garrett was conWASHINGTON. April 2. Coneress ivicted on a charge of burglary, andassembled at noon to-day for a session iundcr tnG habitual criminal act, was proclamation issued here Governorgenerally agreed to be the most mo- due for a life sentence in the Reform- Stanley calls on the public press, MayOf KentuckiansAsks Co-Operation in Bringing Before Young MenPressing Need of Navy.FRANKFORT, KY., April 2. Injnentous in the history of the republic.President Wilson, ready with his address, which it is believed will ask that, state of war already exists betweenthe United States and Germany, waited only for the organization of theHouse of Representatives.Democratic House leaders got wordfrom the White House to hurry theorganization as soon as possible. Allplans have been made on the expectation that the President would speakTuesday, but the leaders promised toator at Frankfort. ors of cities, Boards of Trade antfAfter getting their release, the men Chambers of Commerce for co-opera-madetheir way to a window where tion m bringing before the youngthey pushed aside a stone, and prying nien of the State the pressing and imout the iron bars, gained the outer mediate need of the navy. The proclayard, scaled the wall, and dropping mation follows:unto the front porch, thence to the "! am Just in receipt of a coramuground, made their way to "some- nication from H. M. Bennett, comwhere." mander of the United States NavyThe authorities were notified as soon and officers in charge of the Navy Pubas Jailer Farris discovered the escapa Hcity Bureau, in which he states thatof the men and they began to set the a plan, having the approval of thewires busy to surrounding towns giv Navy Department, has been deviseddo all they could to meet his wish to'mS a description of the men and ask- to bring the service and its recruit-speak to-day.Congress assembled with a majorityopenly in favor of a declaration of astate of war, if not actually a declaration of war.Clark was re-elected Speaker of the jHouse by a vote of 217 to 205 over hisRepublican opponent, Mann.As THE NEWS goes to press Pres-dent Wilson is delivering his addressing for their capture and detention. in necessities before the .people of tlioJailer Farris offers a reward of ?50 country by means of a window displayfor the return of his guests. advertisement of simple character, ini about S00 representative large retailI stores in every city in the Union.FAMILY REUNION. I "Co-operation of the public press,I Mayors of cities, Boards of Trade andi When court reconvened Friday morning a large number of witnesses forboth sides in the case of Lee Deavers.charged with the killing of Sidney G.Clay, which had been on trial for threedays, were examined. The defendanthimself made one of the best witnesseson his Fide, and maintained a remarkably calm and clear line of testimonyunder the rigid examination and crossexamination of the attorneys. One ofthe principal witnesses in the closinghours of the trial was Elizabeth Deavers, the thirteen-year-old niece of LeeDea7er. The prosecution introduceda large number of witnesses.Taking of testimony was opncludedat thr.e o'clock Friday afternoon, whenthe fust argument in the case wasmade by Mr. Robert C. Talbott, ofcounsel for the defense. He was followed by former Commonwealth's Attorney John R. Allen, of Lexington,for the prosecution. Hon. Robert B.Franklin, of Frankfort, made the second bpeech for the defense, and theclosing argument for the Commonwealth was made by Commonwealth'sAttorney Victor Bradley Saturdaymoniing. iThe case was given to the jury Saturday morning about 11 o'clock. The"were hardly out of the room beforethey leturned saying they had agreedupon a verdict. The verdict whenread acquitted Deaver, who was immediately released from cusody.Mr. John Funk, of Lexington, cele- Chambers of Commerce is requested,brated his eighty-third birthday Sun-- "It is the duty of every patrioti2day at the home of his son, Mr." Thos. citizen at this time to lend the Gov-to the joint session of Congress. The j M. Funk, in this city, with a family re- eminent the most hearty and instantunion at which all his children and a support, l nave every assurance tnacfew intimate friends were present. An the officers- and business men of theelaborate menu of several courses was cities of Kentucky will be more thanserved at noon. At the close of the pleased to co-operate in every way iaday a group photograph was taken this laudable endeavor to bring mostThose present were: Mr. and" Mrs. R. vividly before the young men of theL. Baker and daughter, Sarah, Mr. and country the pressing and immediateMrs. G. W. Funk, of Nicholasville; need of the navy and render every a&Mrs. B. Bricken and son, John, Mr. sistance in recruiting, without delaydepartment ofnddress had been sent to the PublicPrinter early yesterday morning.BALTIMORE, MD., April 1. Amass meeting held here to-night under the auspices of the AmericanLeague against militarism ended in ariot. A counter demonstration was organized on the pavement of theNOTICE TO THE PUBLIC.We are agents for Paris and Bourbon county for the Kelly Carpet Cleaning Co., of Lexington. Phone orders ,will receive prompt attention. Bestwork and satisfaction guaranteed. IELECTRIC DRY CLEANING CO.,(30-2t) Fifth Street.WE KNOW HWELKS DIDN'T INSTALL.Academv of Music, in which Dr. David jand Mrs. W. H. Funk, of Lexington, the vitally importantStarr Jordan was speaking. Finally! Mr. aad Mrs. H. E. Funk and Mrs. R. National Defense."the crowd took the matter into Its .. unK, oi ueiroit; u. r. iiempniii.own. hands and, led by some militant"broke into the theatre and marcheddown the aisle waving the Americanflag.Men socially prominent led the aldas are held. As yet no reply hasthrong of 4,000 which broke into the come to an inquiry sent through thetheatre. College professors, students, Spanish foreign office a week ago asbankers and lawyers were there 'to whether there were American"Carter G. Osborne, Jr., a banker, was .among the erews of vessels oapturedatman clubbed him into unconsciousness ' certain win make a vigorousand the crowd which saw the flag dis for the relase of the American, sailorappear from his hands, leaped forward,of Nicholasville, Mr. and Mrs. E. C. GOVERNOR ASKS SILENCEBurgiu and Mr. Henry West, of Paris, j ON TROOPS' MOVEMENTSKentucky newspapers are requestedto exercise a voluntary censorshipover news concerning movements ofthe Kentucky National Guard. Governor Stanley through the Adjutant General's Department, has issued the folthe head waving a flag. A police- This government,, it is considered lowing statement:n clubbed himlnto unconsciousness certain wilf make a vigorous demand As Governor of the State of Ken-, Owing to a confusion in dates, District Deputy Wm. J. Carrol, of Covington, who was due in Paris, Sundaymoning to conduct the installation ofthe new officers of Paris Lodge No373, B. P. O. E., did not arrive untilSunday night. Consequently the, in-jstallation ceremonies were deferred'until a more propitions timeMr. Carrol stated that the Paris am'New York lodges are the only two inthe United States that meet on Sunday afternoon, all the others meetingsome night during the week.ASTER SUNDAYIs Only a Few Days Off andYou Must Be Well DressedOn That Day.There is no better storeno more reliable, none moredependable than our storewhen it comes to selling theright kind of Men's andBoys' Clothing.Our Easter Suits, Hats,Shoes and FurnishingsSurpass any others.The clothing purchasedfrom our store has style,service and comfort. Nothigh in price, but high inquality. Neat patterns forconservative dressers andfancy patterns for the more,extreme ones. Pinch Backsand 2-Button Sacks, EnglishCut Coats made extreme.j the kind that well dressed fellows like to wear. Selectyour Easter Suit to-day, while the assortment is large.S '1 BEAUTIFUL PATTERNS IN MANHATTAN SHIRTS2 (Silks and Madras Cloths.)J BRIGHT NEW NECKWEARSTYLISH STETSON HATSAND NETTLETON FINE SHOESX.-TM5Ssiiih'i ConvrMTit- mtTiflufculs, trin & aiswept the police aside and got intothe theatre. Twenty men were club-tucky, I request all Kentucky newspapers, because of the present internaNPiOT YORK. AmMl 2 Tn;tTinpR nf tional crisis which is affecting the Na-. VJ . .. . ..V W.MV WW VI ITiiicneli BiakemoreiiaMiMMMfft,ttmiMMIMaaMMPhospital.A dozen others were arrestedCTound class in bandaces nrenare.l tional Guard of the State, particularly ,bed an-1 four of them were taken to si for the American Red Cross have been to refrain from publishing any infordiscovered, it was declared Saturdav mation, reports or rumors pertainingin a statement from the organization. to orders, instructions or movementsauthorized by Albert W. Straub, di- of an' troops, which are sent out fromWASHINGTON, April 2 Orders rector of its Atlantic division. tneir ilome stations ior ponce or guaruwere placed by the Navy department i duty, and subsequent movements andto-day with the American Steel & PHILADELPHIA, April 1. The stationing of troojps at destinations or"Wire Company of Philadelphia for th pouce refused to allow the holding o other activity at such destinations."immediate construction of 100 steel . under ices 0j.rope submarine nets. The nets will ,. -, ,, , patriotism rampantcost $1,881 each, 1,050 feet long, 30 the Emergency Peace Federation; PATRIOTISM RAMPANT,feet wide with a 12-inch mesh. Deliv- which was advertised for a local 0 nnA feries will begin within three weeks theatre to-night. In a letter to the More than 8,000 schoolhouses inand continue at the rate of ten a week manager of the theatre James Robin- Kentucky will be flying American flagsthereafter. son, superintendent of police, said li3 with an idea of instilling a spirit ofi had taken the matter up with the di- patriotism in the youth of the State ifST. THOMAS, VIRGIN ISLANDS, rect0r of public safety and the direc- provisions of a resolution, introducedApril 2. The transfer of the "Virgin tor not see nis ay cjear at this by Senator S. M. Bradley, of RowanIslands from Danish rule to the Unit- time permit such a meeting to take county, and adopted by the Senate,od States took .place simultaneously on piace are carried out.on the three islands at 4 o'clock Sat i ! The resolution calls attention to theurday afternoon. Commander Pollock, GUATEMALA CITY, April 2. li is fact that the United States is on thethe ranking American officer at the reported that German resevists are verge of war, and requests V. O. Gilislands, officiated at St, Thomas, while concentrating on the Mexican-Salva- foert, superintendent of public instructhe commander of the cruiser Olym- dorean frontier. It is also reported tion, to take steps toward the purpia acted in a similar capacity at St that a wireless telegraph plant has chase of "a 'flag for every schoolFroix. Officers and marines of the been shipped into Salvador from Mex house." The resolution requests thatcruiser Hancock and the Danish ico by which it is possible to commu- the flags be raised at each of thooruiser Valkyrien formed guards of nicate with Germany. schools "with appropriate exercises,"honor fronting of the military barracks . ' and asks that the teachers give theirt St. Thomas, where the ceremonies WASHINGTON, D. C, April 2. Gov- male pupiis some character of miliwere witnessed by members of the ernor Capper, of Kansas, who has been y drill each daylocal legislature, officials, consuls and something of a pacifist in the past, state Supt v. O. Gilbert said thata large concourse of people. now states that Congress should waste Senat0r Bradley sopke to him aboutno time in declaring war against Ger- it i,efore introducing his resolution inWASHINGTON, D. C, April 2. Dr. many, inasmuch as Germany some the senate, and he already had conAlfred Zimmermann, Foreighn Secro.- time ago declared war against the suiteci Attorney General Logan andUu-y. speaking on the American situa- United States. Moreover Mr. Cooper liad 1)een assured that it would belion, said that "the United States can says that the people of Kansas are witllin ilis p0wer.not deny our rights to seek allies practically unanimously of the samewhen it, already, before war has been opinion. This, if correct, is very sig- DRESS-UP WEEK,declared, has set the entire world nificant, for it has been from Statesagainst us," Dr. Zimmermann, justi- such as Kansas that the .peace at any t Throughout the United States fromfying the procedure of seeking to price element expected to draw its 'April 1 to April 8, has been desigjnake Mexico and Japan her allies, con- greatest strength. nated as "Dress-Up Week," and attended that Mexico obviously was an, f.r7T n o xr , most every dty and t0Wn in the SU11"ally and that that antagonism between WASHINGTON, April 2. Naval en try joined in the movement. FromAmerica and Japan was stronger than listments in Central Kentucky are to the number of fashionably tailoredbetween Germany and Japan, despite be sought more eagerly beginning Sat- suitSf both for men and women, whichthe fact that a state of war existed urday, when a naval recruiting station have Deen sold i,y the local merchants,between them lwiU he Pened at Linston. The Bourbon county people will be well'office is to be a branch of the Cin- supplied to observe the week, and areWASHINGTON, April 2. An Amef-' cinnnti office and the decision to make prepared to uphold the reputation enican seaman who has arrived at Copen enlistments easier for Kentuckians in joyed by the community of beinghagen from Germany says that more the vicinity of Lexington was reached among the best and most correctthan forty Americans were among the by Lieut. Archibald McGlasson, a Ken- dreSsers in the State. It is an oft- renearly 600 prisoners taken to Germany tuckian, who is in charge of the Cin- peated assertion of Utveling men thatby the commerce raider Moewe. Tho cinnati office. I they never get out their shoddy stuffAmericans, most of whom were cap'.-lm? ,?n ' ,. riHh horse trans-1 PITTSBURG, PA, April 2.-A resomcu nunc -" mw -m---.tn shnw Paris dealers, because itwould be a waste of time.BACK TO OLD JOBS AGAIN.port Esmeraldas, are reported to be lution placing at the disposal of Preskeld is prisoners of war in Germany, ident Wilson, in case of war, 48,000held as prisoners J members of the Polish Falsons' Alli-WAHINGTON -April 2. Official ance of America, many of whom have j John Moran, Earl Curtis and Law-dispatches from Copenhagen confirm had military training, was adopted a . rence James, all of Paris, who havereports that two American seamen had the opening session of a special con- been members of the Third Texas Inftrrived there from Germany with the vention of that organization here. The fantry, U. S. A., recently mustered outstory that some fifty others, taken in resolution, which also praised Presi- at El Paso, have returned to Portraids bv the commerce raider Moewe, dent Wilson for the stand he has taken Arthur, where they will resume theirvere held in detention camps. Re-, for humanity, was read by Paul former positions with the Texas Oilorts from many sources have convinc- Schmidt, of Wilkes-Barre, Pa. Dr. T. Co., unless their regiment is recalleded officials here that Americans cap 'A. Starzynski, supreme president, pre-, to the service in case of war withtared on the British steamer Esmer- sided. Germany.jf wIKmi $ S&UsBnl8$ffci$ & !Copyright, Milton Ochs & Co.DRESHP IEAND EASTER !THIS is National Dress-Up Week and Easteris right around the corner. Men everywhereare raeing to their personal appearance. Asyour clothes make your social position and are alsoa great factor in your business world, you just can'tafford to take chances on things to wear. We arebetter prepared this season than ever before to carefor your wants in dress.Our Clothing Departmentoffers many inducement to the man or young manwho is seeking Spring Clothes. You can select aHart Schaffner & Marx or a Kirshbaum Suit in ourshop and feel among the well dressed. Hundreds ofcolors and patterns in single and double-breastedmodels some with plain backs, also belted and pinchbacks. Splendid values at the prices$15.00 to $25.00YOUR HAT IS HEREKnox, Crofutt C$ Knapp and Stetsons in the newest shapes and colors for EasterWear. ,$3.00 to $5.00.Neckwear59c to $1.00Shirts$1.00 to $5.00Hosiery25c to 50cR. P. WALSHSeventh and Main ONE-PRICE STORE Paris, Kentucky-'CAGE TWOTHE BOURBON NEWS, PARIS, KY.TUESDAY, APRIL 3, 1517.-i-l.MliIMHmm..fMThe Bourbon NewsWUbtIthd 188135 Years oftlnuout Publication.Con-wnrll .V" d Every Tuesday and Friday.- i. . . .IVB r ?2.00 SIX Months.. $1.00Payable in Advance." "siEKFT CHAMP, Editor and Owner,.pSntered at the Paris, Kentucky,Postoffice as Mail Matter of theSecond Class.)"""T "-fctSo?02SUiSinr U?u tb6rkaracter, standing or reputation ofny person, firm or corporation whichMay appear in the columns of TUBBOURBON NEWS will be gladly cor-Tected if brought to attention of theeditor.ADVERTISING RATESDisplay Advertisements, $1.00 per 'servatory. The instrument, contraryInch for first time; 50 cents per inch to the impression held by some, is noteach subsequent insertion. designed to settle the question regardReading Notices, 10 cents per line ing the canals of Mars. There is reaeach issue; reading notices in black son for hw)ing, however, that it willrliCTlV'nThlSSUe' -extend the' visual boundaries of theCards of thanks, calls on candi- . , , . ., , ., .dates, obituaries and resolutions, and universe by making possible the phosimilar matter, 10 cents per line. tographing of many millions of starsSpecial rates for large advertise- existing beyond the range of the mosttnents and yearly contracts. powerful telescopes in present use. AnThe right of publisher is reserved article in the April Popular Mechanicsto decline any advertisement or other Magazine gives the reader a glimpsematter for publication. of some of the difficulties encounteredrnnZCS)i0r Political .offices in thc construction of the big telemust invariably be accompanied by .. . . ,. rthe cash scope. Four pages ot pictures, all ofpi mi ,, , remarkable interest, accompany the ar-r.EDITORIAL MUSINGS.the Heavy Cost of Vagrancy.A speaker at one of the Chautauqu:assemblies said a few days ago that from Doan's Kidney Pills. The statetiere are now 500,000 vagrants tramp- ment is now confirmed the testimonying it over the United States. He fig-' complete. Instances like this are nured that this annual tax costs the merous. They doubly prove the meritwantry $125,000,000 a year, to say of Doan's Kidney Pills. Can any readnothing of the loss of work through er demand more convincing proof9tie idleness of so great a population, jit's Paris testimony it may be in-The vast army of vagrancy draws vestigated.its recruits from everv village. Everv. Mrs. G. W. Newman, B. Tenth St..fiiere there are boys who are dnzzled Paris, says: "I had backaches and'by the hollow fascinations of a wander- ( headaches and at times I was nervous, jlag life. Parents with restless and wil-lMy kidneys were weak and inactive.'fnl youngsters need to watch out very1 Doan's Kidney Pills made me well."carefully, if they wish to save their! Mrs. Newman gave the above ac ib&ys from the peril of the road. j account of her experience with Doan'sYears ago it used to be said that, Kidney Pills on January 17, 1912, and.dine novels lured boys to go tramp- on November 9, 1916, she said: "Iing. To-day it is laid on the movies, still use Doan's Kidney Pills at times, 'Bt the same drift would be seen if when I find it necessary. I have al-jthere were no dime novels and no; ways received the same good results,'iBtmes. These boys have a morbid,nervous craving for excitement, andtie quiet life of home and school palls Price 50 cents, at all dealers. Don'ton them. simply ask for a kidney remedy getIdleness can not be cured by whaling Doan's Kidney Pills the same thattke hoy. Something interesting must Mrs. Newman has twice publicly recfee put into his life to take up his at ommended. Foster-Milburn Co., Props.,ieation. Get him into some club Buffalo, N. Y. (adv)"wiere he can have a chance to playbaseball, football or basketball. A igood "trimming" administered to the jiated athletic rivals from the nexttown is an antidote of many roving!iamors.Many boys are allowed to acquire ithe habit of loafiing around railroastations. This results in accidents.Many a man who hobbles aroundlife on a wooden leg got it, not in waror honest work on a factory machine,but by hopping freights as a boy.But this is not the most dangerous jaspect of the station loafing habit. Therailroad lines are the great nationaltramp thoroughfare. Tramps alwayshang around railroad yards, lookingfor guileless boys whom they lure onthe road to chase food and assist insneaking thieving. The boy who loafsaround in these quarters is pretty sureto encounter these temptations, at ctime when he has no pnncfnfinn nftheir peril.Taking the Whole Road.As the number of the automobiles ontie highways is multiplied by the pricereductions of the past year or two, thecomplaints become more than ever numerous of the people who "hog" the"rfcole road.The owner of his own car, in thegreat majority of cases, is reasonablycareful. It costs him his good money,and he hasno liking for repair bills.RTith hired chauffeurs the case isfrequently different They are youngfellows who have often acquired littlergdence of their own. They wouldot have to pay for a new car if theirmachine was smashed.-AJso they acquire a great deal of"sltHl, fo that they can turn out theleast possible distance, and make theturn at the last possible moment before collision. They come tearingdown, the middle of the street Othercars go away out on the side. Thepeeder keeps rejoicing along in theeater of the road, thus abandoned toliis sole use, and congratulates himself that his daring operation savedkim from losing two seconds by makig a curve.Owners of a car that Is operated insue a faphion should realize what ar '' "coarse and 'brutal appearance suchmannersmake.With a great many 'men, the line 'upat the bar of some road home alongthe route is more than half the fun oCI- -' Uie trip. A dry run without any way-is;dfi irriirRtinn iside irrigation is a fruitless excursionI to them. One treat leads to anotherI By the time the party is on the wayhome the driver is treading on air' His confidence in his own accuracyand nerve is vastly enhanced. Hoalso will not turn out until the lastsecond, and then for the fewest possi-ble inches.The social end of a great motor trip.. ... . , e ,,lies m G A1liand of hQ women o haPartv- If the' can be made to realizethat liquor and automobile operationdo not work well together and impres sthis feeling on their men friends, a!good many trips would not end up in'the ditch.WORLD'S GRATEST TELE1 SCOPE AT MOUNT WILSONWork on the lUU-in. reflecting telescope at the Mount Wilson observatory, Pasadena, Calif., is approachingthe final stage, and within a fewmonths, possibly by July, will be com-ple-ed'ihe instrument will be thelargest stellar camera in existence andwill collect twice as much light as anyother telesope. From a scientifi;viewpoint it is an experiment in cerjtain respects. But for the measurej ment of the heat radiation of stars andrhe spectroscopic study of the faintest. i objects it will yield results commenjsurate with its size, according toGeorge Ellery Hale, director of the ob! tide.THE TEST THAT TELLS.Is the Test of Time Many Paris People Have Made This Test.Years ago this Paris citizen told ina public statemnt, the benefit derivedalthough 1 do not have so much trouble ,now, as I used to." jTelephones We Use.Vnnnnf rilrMili-i- oo tin- nvni".age number of people to every 'tele- 'phone places Chicago and Albany inthe lead, with 0.1 people to a telephone.Los Angeles is next with G.S, followedby "Washington with 7.2 and Detroitwith 7.S. Boston has S.4. New York8.5 and Philndelphia 11.3. Jersey Cityshowed the least development, withone telephone to every 23.S people.Other cities are as follows: St. Louis.12.7; Pittsburgh, 11.5; Cleveland, 11.9:Newark, 15.G; Buffalo, 12.3; Providence,10.1 and Rochester, 10.1, while theaverage of all these cities was 11.2.Might Get Another One.Abuse of the pension system is illustrated by the Bostonian who discovered in a New England town a formertownsman and policeman in a newuniform walking a beat "How isthis?" asked the visitor. "I thoughtyou were on the Boston force." "Oh,"exclaimed the transplanted policeman,"you see I'm pensioned by Boston, so Imoved. Now I'm working here." Argonaut Undoubtedly.Miss Wilcox had been giving the classan elementary talk upon architecture."Now," said she, "can any one in theclass tell me what a 'buttress' is?"Little Walter arose, Irts face beamingwith a quick flash of intelligence."I know," he shouted "a buttress isa nannygoat!" New York Times.His Arguments Are Unanswerable.We put it to him this way:"Why don't you get married?"And he answered us honestly:"I'm not earning enough to support;a wife, and I'm not lazy enough to leta wife support me."And that's the best reason we everheard. Cleveland Plain Dealer.Logic."You said that your wonderful deathdealing inventions would make warimpossible.""Well," answered the great inventorruefully, "if everybody on earth iseventually killed off there can't be anymore war, can there?" WashingtonStar. -The Flag on thc Schoolhoutt'.Every public sehoolbouse in tin'scountry wonra as a crowning jewel theUnited States flag. This is so according to the law. Bu long before legislative bodies passed this law the flaghad a permanent place over the ,FifthStreet Grammar school in New Bedford, the first public school in thiscountry to raise the United States flagand make the use of it a permanentfeature of the public school administration. That flag was unfurled May 11, 1SG1,and that flag and nine others servedthe school until May 11, 1901, the fortieth anniversary of the raising offlags, when a small one for use withinthe building and a larger one for usoon the building were unfurled.This school was organized Sept. 111SG0, and just eight months from thatday it flung to the breeze the first flag.That flag was in use during the entireperiod of the war. At the end of thewar thc flag was completely whippedout and unlit for further use. It wasthen discarded, but not till its successor had been purchased. What becameof it nobody knows. Boston Globe.Presidential Dignity.Dignity is the most terrible punishment inflicted by the people upon theirpresident. The president must alwaysbe on his dignity; he can never relax.He cannot sit in the orchestra or inthe gallery, away from everybody sstaring glances. Lie cannot laugh toouproariously: he cannot fail to applaudHe is constantly on exhibition. Whenhe travels he must appear at all therailroad stations that he passes throughlest the impression get abroad that heis undemocratic. The secret servicemen are by act of congress ordered toguard the life' of the president. Theyshop with him, they accompany him onthe links, thej' sit in his limousine,they go to the oculist with him, tochurch, to the bank. Thc president, inshort, is not a private person at anytime: he is treated by the government,the people and the press as public property. David Lawrence in Century-Isle of the Blest.The king of England is not the onlyking In the British isles. There is alsothe king of the Isle of Bardsey, an island of Wales in the Irish sea, in theCounty of Carnarvon. This kingdom,with its seventy-six inhabitants thatfigure including the king and queenis, we are reminded, a free and independent realm. The monarch is notonly sovereign ruler, but physician,schoolmaster, magistrate. Die neitherowes nor gives obedience to the lawsof England. Elis subjects pay no taxesand live luxuriously upon barley bread,milk and butter. No newspapers trouble the peace of the teeming populace,and nobody on the island troubles himself about what goes on outside his native rock bound coast. They are a happy people, though perhaps their ignorance of the fact that they are so maymar the perfection of their contentment Paris Journal.Richter's Conducting.It.is difficult to define just what differentiates a good conductor from amere time beater, but a story that istold of Richter may help indirectly. Inthe prelude to "Tristan uud Isolde" occurs a beautiful passage for the oboe,which rises, swells and dies away to apianissimo most effectivelv. To in-most effectively,uality of the playidicate the quality of the playing whichhe wanted from this Instrument Richter, beating the time with his righthand, placed his left hand over hisheart, and the oboe player at once responded to a direction all inclusive inits simplicity and intelligibility.Sun Rooms.One of the first sun rooms of whichercxis any rec0 was in Madrid, atiuu uuiiiu ul juuovus uei asiiuo,prime minister during the regency.Dinner used to be served at one end ofthe conservatory, in the shadow of tallpalms, while fountains played, birdswith gay plumage sang, and the airwas as fragrant as the tropics. Forcomfort deep red rugs were put downI on the white marble floors.Legs of a Snake.The people of Uruguay have somequeer ideas and superstitions. One ofthem is that if one throws a live snakeinto a fire it will stick out its legs,which it keeps concealed under itsscales. This idea probably arose fromthe scales sticking outward as thesnake felt the heatSettled.Old Gentleman (at his daughter'swedding) My dear, I don't see how Iam to get along without you. BrideOh, that's all right, pa. Since the ceremony was performed my husband hasconfessed that he hasn't enough savedto start housekeeping, so you won'tlose me after all:More Satisfactory.A poetic contributor recently submitted to a magazine an effusion, entitled"The Lay of the Lark." It was returned with this editorial note:"Rejected with thanks. Send a fewspecimens of the lay of the hen justnow. We will gladly accept them."Busy Listening."I bought my wife a parrotlastweek.""Can he talk?""I don't know. He -hasn't hadchance yet." New YorkWorld.Gastronomy."Flow's your appetite?" asked thephysician."It's all right till I go to buy food;then 1 get nervous and lose it." Washington Star.Goodness is the only investment thatnever fails.Thoreau$500,000 HOSPJfAL IN TOKYO.Japanese Contribute $75,000 to NswMission Structure.Tokyo. Announcement is made thatthe fund of $500,000 for the construction in Tokyo of the new St Luke'sInternational hospital has been completed at a luncheon given by the Japanese advisory council. The Japanesecontributed $75,000, including $25,000from Emperor Yoshihito. The remainder has been either contributed orpledged in the United States.The proposed hospital will "Creplacothe present St Luke's hospital, whichwas founded by the American Episcopal mission many years ago and whichhas achieved a reputation throughoutthe far east. Dr. It. B. Teusler, itspresent director, will have charge ofthe enlarged institution, work uponwhich will be started as soon as aproper site is decided upon. The hospital will be international in scope.It is hoped later to add a training department for doctors and for nurses,and to that end an effort will be madeto secure further assistance in theUnited States.The proposed hospital will probablybe the most complete modern medicalinstitution in the far eastHOLD AN ODD FUNERALSalvation Army Takes Charge of Obsequies For Victim of Diphtheria.Chicago. A band of Salvation Armyworkers stood in the alley in the rearof a dilapidated house in the slums andsang "Lead, Kindly Light," "Nearer,My God, to Thee'' and then knelt inthe mud while the adjutant offered aprayer. Face pressed against the dingy window, stood a blind man and atearful woman.As the prayer ended the basementdoor opened and a little white casketwas quickly carried out, placed in ahearse and hurried away, unescorted,to a cemetery.Such was the unusual funeral accorded Josephine Tomaszewsky, six,diphtheria victim. Iler parents' homewas quarantined because her two little sisters and one brother were illfrom the same disease. The motherinsisted upon a funeral ceremony forJosephine, and the Salvation Army hitupon holding it in the alley as theway of overcoming orders of the boardof health against entering the house.RULING FAVORS TEACHERS.Justice Levy Sets Basis of Pay "Docking" For Absence.New York. Schoolteachers absentfrom work in the .past have been"docked" onc-twenty-flfth of a month'spay for each day lost. Justice AaronJ. Levy of the municipal court ruledthat the proper basis is to deduct 1-365of a year's pay for each day's absence.His decision was returned in the caseof Mary A. Broughton, teacher inpublic school 198, who lost elevendays' work because of illness in October, 1915. The decision also holds thesigning of a receipt for pay "in full"is no bar to action for recovery. iThe battle is an old one which theteachers and principals have beenwaging against the board of education.Years ago they were "docked" onlyone-thirtieth of a mouth's pay for eachday lost. ;William G. Willcox, president of theboard, pointed out that under the Levyruling the teacher could be absent 190days, a full school year, and still demand almost hafl' a year's pay.PHONES FUNERAL SERMON.Preached at Long Distance BecauseStorm Held Up Railways.Fond du Lac, Wis. A funeral bylong distance telephone was conducted the other day when the body of theRev. Frank Millar of Oakliold was sentto its last resting place through thedrifts about the village where Mr. Millar had been a pastor.The storing tied up all railroads leading to Oakfield from here, a branch lineof a few miles in. length, and with themain line in trouble no effort wasmade to resume traffic. The countryroads were also drifted so deep thatthe village and countryside adjoininghad been isolated for half a month.The Rev. Robert S. Ingraham of thiscity was to conduct the services overthe body of his Methodist colleague,Ingraham being the district superintendent. Trying to reach Oakfield byroad, he was stalled and worked hisway back to the nearest farmhouse,where he arranged to read the serviceby wire. A listener at the Millar hometook his words and repeated tbem tothe mourners.RICHEST VILLAGE TO BE CITY.Glen Cove, N. Y.f Votes to IncorporatoIn the Third Class.New York. First steps toward thoincorporation of the richest little cityIn the United States were taken whenresidents of Glen Cove, N. Y., in a testvoted to incorporate the village as athird class city. The vote was morethan two to one in favor of incorpora-.tlon, which will include a population of10,000.Glen Cove is considered the largestmillionaire colony in Long Island.Among its residents are J. P. Morgan,J. T. Pratt, n. L. Pratt, G. D. Pratt,Captain J. R. De Lamar, Percy Chubb,H. W. Maxwell, Edward L. Young.Justice Townsond Scudder, F. TV."Woolworth and Harvey S. Ladew.$50,000 For Two Daughters.Greensbiirg, Ind. Isaac Scfton, oneof Decatur county's wealthiest residents, presented each of his two daughters with valuable farm land as gifts.The gifts comprise 401 acres of landthat fs said to be valued at $30,000.hj:v ""i-viI twin Bros. Department Store$ ventb and main $f$.Tobacco CottonAH Grades at LowestPrices.f Twin Bros.OIMtIHMNIIHINfUHlllllffflHI9INfflfflfHERE IS A GOOD PLACE TO STOP FOR LITTLE MONEY.LOUISVILLE HOTEL, Louisville, Ky., Main St., fact 6th & 7tfa.The Only Hotel in Louisville Operated on the American and European PtensAMERICAN PLAN Rooms without Batru but with Hot and Cold Runningwater (With Meals)75 Rooms single, ?2.00 per day; 2 people, $2.06 eacho0 Rooms Single, 2.50 per day; 2 people, 2.25 each50 Front Rooms Single, 3.00 per day; 2 people, 2,50 eachRooms with Private Bath:50 Rooms single, 3.00 per day; 2 people, 2.75 each50 Rooms single, 3.50 per day; 2 people, 3.00 eachEUROPEAN PLAN Rooms without Bath but with Hot and Cold RunningWater (Without Meals)75 Rooms Single, $1.00 per day; 2 people, $0.75 each50 Rooms single, 1.25 per day; 2 people, 1.00 each50 Front Ro-oms single, 1.50 per day; 2 people, 1.25 eachRooms with Private Bath:50 Rooms single, 1.50 per day; 2 people, 1.25 each50 Rooms single, 2.00 per day; 2 people, ISO mthTHE OLD INN, Louisville, Ky., Cor. 3th and Main Sts., European P9v Qaty.Rooms Without Bath, $1 and up; Rooms With Private Bs2!, &1J5 & y,BEST EATING PLACE IN TOWN.The Louisville Hotel and the Old Inn are located in the TfhcJeei&aas&fcSSand only a three-block's walk to the retail district and theatres.Automobile Hearse or Ambulance!I desire to announce to our friends that I can, wheredesired, furnish an automobile hearse or ambulance. Thismethod of transpertation is especially desired on long trips,the same beinp: made in better time, and at no advance incost over the horse-drawn conveyance.1 GEO. W. DAVIS, Funeral Director.I'III,C"I,ItI',I"I"I"2'S'S,l2'S'4iGreater and Better SundayBetter Kentucky"Go to Sunday School Day"For All Kentucky IsMAY 61917One Million People Will AttendCome, Let Us Go to Sunday School!KENTUCKY SUNDAY SCHOOL ASSOCIATIONJh2A,VTVL. & N. TIME TABLE(Effective Sunday, May 28, 1916, 12.01)TRAINS FROM ARRIVALNo.lo4 Lexington, daily except Sunday 5:13 m34 Atlanta, daily .. 5:35 am25 Cynthiana, daily except Sunday , 7:35 am10 Rowland, daily except Sunday 7:36 am11 Maysville daily except Sunday 7:38 am40 Lexington daily except Sunday. . , ,..7:40 am17 Maysville, daily except Sunday 9:50 am37 Cincinnati, O., daily 9:52 am12 Lexington, daily 10:12 am33 Chicago, daily 10:17 am26 Lexington, Daily Except Sunday 12:00 m29 Cynthiana, Daily Except Sunday 2:55 pm9 Maysville, Daily Except Sunday 3:00 pm138 Lexington, Daily 3:12 pm38 Knoxville, Tenn., Daily 3:15 pm19 Maysville, Daily 5:40 pm39 Cincinnati, Daily Except Sunday 5:50 pm14 Lexington, Daily Except Sunday 6:18 pm32 Jacksonville, Fla., Daily 6:33 pm31 Cincinnati, O., Daily 10:38 pm130 Lexington Daily 10:23 p mTRAINS FOR LEAVENo.16 Maysville, Daily except Sunday 5:30 am34 Cincinnati, waily 5:30 am40 Cincinnati, daily except Sunday 7:45 am11 Lexington, daily except Sunday 7:47 am10 Maysville, daily except Sunday 7:48 am25. Lexington, daily except Sunday 9:55 am37 Knoxville, daily 9:57 am133 Lexington, daily 10:20 am33 Jacksonville, daily 10:22 am18 Maysville, daily 12:04 pm26 Cynthiana, daily except Sunday 12:05 pm13 Lexington, daily except Sunday 3:17 pm38 Cincinnati, daily 3:20 pm39 Lexington, daily except Sunday 5:57 pj9 Rowland, Daily except Sunday II" 6:00 pm14 Maysville, daily except Sunday 6-33 pm32 Chicago, dally .!!!. 6:38 pm30 Cynthiana, daily except Sunday 6:48 rm139 Lexington, Sunday only '.'.'.'.'. !!9:33 -pm118 Maysville, Sunday only !... !.!&: 30 pm119 Rowland, Sunday only !!!!!! ...0:40 "pro129 Lexington, Daily :...... .6:35 p m"B9 cfi? O- TXliES-'CiF.A.-OJLsE;NO. TRAINS ARRIVE FROM2 Frankfort, Ky., Daily Ex. Sunday 7:3g a m,4 Frankfort, Ky., Daily Ex. Sunday 550 p mTRAINS DEPARTV FOR1 Frankfort, Ky., Daily Ex. Sunday. " 8:25 a. m.Frankfort, Ky., Daily Ex. Sunday '6:25 p. O -4 -Paris, KentuckyOeo'il"W,I"MiSchools for A. Greater andI4H"I"fr'l"I'Sore." JffTHE BOURBON NEWS, PARIS, KYTUESDAY, APRIL 3, 1917.PA6ETHR19GfANNOUNCEMENT.We are authorized to announce thagood Democrats below as candidlatesat the Democratic primary on August4, 1917, to fill the offices to whiohtliey aspire:FOR STATE SENATORLEE W. WAINSCOTT,Clark County.GEORGE HON,Clark County.ABRAM RENICK,Clark County.FOR REPRESENTATIVE.C. M. THOMAST FOR SHERIFF.WILL. G. McCLINTOCK,J. ... Doo Marshall and Bob Gilkey asdeputies.L. A. SOPER,With D. E. Clarke and L. C. Ashcraftas deputies.FOR COUNTY ATTORNEYDAVID D. CLINE.COUNTY SUPERINTENDENTSCHOOLS.J. B. CAYWOOD.MISS MABEL ROBBINS,OFFOR JAILERGEO. W. JUDYTHOS. TAUL, "JOHN H. DOTY,WALKER KISER,C. T. MASTERSON,W. O. BUTLER,JOHN W. KING,J. W. HART.FOR ASSESSORWALTER CLARK,atParis, with Jno. J. Redmoii, of NorthMiddletown, as deputy.GEO. D. SPEAKES,ot Paris, with Lee R. Craven, of LittleRock at Deputy.FOR MAYORJAMES H. MORELAND.W. O. HINTONFOR POLICE JUDGECLAUDE F. REDMON,J. W. BROWN,P. A. THOMPSONHARRY L. MITCHELL.ERNEST MARTINENGLAND'S PREMIER FAVORSWOMAN SUFFRAGELONDON, April 2. Premier LloydGeorge made a declaration in theHouse of Commons Wednesday in favor of woman suffrage.The Premier said he welcomed therecommendation in favor of womansuffrage which was made in the program for electoral reform moved Wednesd&y by former Premier Asquith.Mr. Asquith said his opposition to-woman suffrage always had beenbased solely on consideration of public expediency. The women had nowT-'orted out their own salvation. Thewar could not be carried on withoutthem. What moved him especially,he added, was the problem of reconstruction after the war. He considred It to be neither just nor expedient to withhold from women the poweror the right to jnake their voices hearddirectly.Premier Lloyd George, paying thewarmest tribute to women's work during the war, especially the devotion,courage and zeal of women munitionmakers, said that when after the warthe nation came to recast the wholeindustrial fabric to give women noroice therein would be an outrage; uwould be inequitable, unjust and angrateful, and he believed that the countiy would not sanction such injusticefor a moment. He agreed to thedesirability of avoiding all politicalcontroversies during the war.MOTHER! DON'T TAKECHANCES IF CHILD'STONGUE IS COATED.If Cross, Feverish, Sick, Bilious, CleanLittle Liver and Bowels.A laxative to-day saves a sick childto-morrow. Children simply will nottake the time from play to empty theirlrwels, which become clogged up withiraste, liver gets sluggish, stomachsour.Look at the tongue, mother! Ifcoated, or your child is listless, cross.feverish, breath bad,Wstless, doesn'teat heartily; full of -cold or has sorethroat or any other children's ailment.Hv a teasooonful of "California Syrup of Figs," then don't worry, becauseit is perfectly harmless, and in a fewhours all this constipation poison,tour liile and fermenting -waste willgently move out of the bowels, andyou have a well, playful child againA thorough "inside cleansing" isof times all that Is necessary. It shouldbe the first treatment given in anysickness.Beware of counterfeit fig syrups. Askyour druggist for a 50-cent bottle of"California Syrup of Figs," which hasfull directions for babies, children ofall aces and for grown-ups plainly'printed on the bottle. Look carefullyand see that it is made by the "California Fig Syrup Company." (adv)CINCINNATI SPEEDWAY.Messrs. David F. Reid' and H. S. Leyman, presidents respectively of Chicago and Cincinnati Speedway, inconference in Cincinnati, reached theconclusion that no definite action boUken regarding Decoration Day AutoRaces until after Congress meets thisreek. If it appears that the Government will want the racing drivers foraviation schools or aviation fields inany capacity, or will want Uie Speed--way property for any purpose wnatever, then the Speedway managementwill lend all the assistance and encour'afcMeentof. the -enrollment ot drivers'ft'meMrciins for 9ny service.BOY SCOUTS TO PLAY A 'PROMINENT PART IN WARC. H. Livingstone Sayt Half MillionAre Available For Various Duties.Washington. In the Boy Scouts ofAmerica the country has a well train-ed "peafce army" of 202,000, backed byreserves of 3o0,000 "veterans," the for-mer well qualified to take the place ofpolice In guard duty, to give "firstaid" and to do the work of older menin many things, and the latter partlcu-larly well qualified to serve their coun-try in any capacity required of a elti-zen, according to Colin H. Living-stone, president of the national councilof the Bov Scouts of Ame-Hen"The Boy Scouts of America is notq YT,nifoT.T- .o.im u -r..uiij wifcauuiivu, bum -air.T 1lHrrofnr.n lin.ln..-ll Ml I. , , .,,, , .character building and citizen making,Our boys get an outdoor training, andwith them it is a case of playing sol-liiTiUKoiuuc. jrinuuriiv its linns aredler in the field and camp, getting ahandy training for the duties of citi-zenshln. bulldlne un health nnd mimlI told the boy scouts of Buffalo re-confix Vio -ii,r . w. tiii.i2 fLS ! y. , Pa5t J a mU.lt,a. ; ""V , L Ui "ur tuey been visiting relatives in this county,will perform all the services that can have returned to their homes in Mt.normally be expected of them. For Sterling.instance, they will be able to relieve Mr. John M. Pursley, son of Squirethe police of guard duty over water- Sam Pursley, of near Winchester, whoworks, reservoirs, public buildings, nas een attending the M. M. I. atbridges, and so on. Thev will look Millersburg, has been taken to thnafter families whose heads have gone Clark Count' "ospital, for medicalto war and help relieve any suffering." Man G. Talbott and sonWm. Lunceford Talbott, of North Mid11 All T? nftPTflDO Tfin jdletown, who have been vising relaU All 10 UUUlUnOi SUUf Uives in West Virginia, were calledhome by the illness of Mrs. Talbott'sTO PREPARE FOR WAR n&. "H" ., -electric line between Lexington anaMpriiral Innrnal Tplk nf flnalitinc Nicholas ville, has been transferred tcweaicai journal i ens or uuaimes this division Mr. Paton and familyNeeded In an Efficient Mil- will move to Paris this week to reIside. He is a son of the late Mr. Benitary Surgeon. .paton, of Pans.I Mrs. Laura Ellis, Grand Chief of,the Pythian Sisterhood of Kentucky,"If War Comes" Is the heading un- and Mrs. Etta gmma. Supreme Repdor which the New York Medical Jour- resentative for the Pythian Sisters ofnal savs editorially- the State both ot Covington, have reS e(Utorlally- turned to their home in Covington.Modern warfare demands the com- h were te of tne Paris K. of 1plete mobilization of every resource of lod at the .'Ladies Night" enterthe countries involved. Defeat Is the tainment given here last Thursdayprice paid for unpreparedness, and the night.conquered pays tne Dills for both sides. ITherefore it paj's to be prepared. Every war in which the United Stateshas taken part has accentuated the necessity for and the deplorable lack -ofpreliminary preparation.burgeon general uveil in his re-port for the year 1817 says of thewar of 1812: There could be littledoubt that where one mau had died h tne only one, wn08PhT b d f rreS'Suknowledge of the many duties peculiar J8to an army surgeon.' The same com- in recoj, uuu umment could have been made at the cript in its review of The Best Shor.close of the civil war and of the war Stories of 1916.with Spain. "Mr. Edward J. O'Brien, the critic."In no direction Is preparedness more who reviews the yearly output oE magimportant than in the medical depart- azine fiction for the Transcript, hasments of the army and the navy. The made a careful and painstaking surpubllc and a large part of the medical vey of the current fiction field. Of theprofession erroneously assume that be- stroies of striking merit and distinccause a man is a qualified medical prac- tion published during 1916, the Southtitloner or surgeon he will therefore em Woman's Magazine has ten, and inmake an efficient medical officer. This a list of twenty-one magazines rankIs not true. The military surgeon is e(i according to distinction in tinmuch more than an efficient sunreon ora competent practitioner. He must alsounaerritanu sanitary tactics; ne mustbe familiar with the organization ofthe medical department and know howto nan uie men anu material, witnoutthis knowledge he cannot perform thefull measure of his dutiesxnereiore every patriotic pnysicianshould at once enroll in the medicalSTto SSSSltials of nUUaS mlcLTbyvTtfnga few hours a week to home studywithout interfering4 with his practice.Then when the need comes he canserve his. country acceptably and withnrpdif to himself and hl nrofPHsion.Applications for enrollment in thecorps should be addressed to the sur-geon general of the army, Washing-ton.GIRL WOULD BE SOLDIER.Writes a Letter Asking to Enlist Inthe United States Army.Munclo. Ind. The following letterhas been received by Sergeant Joseph promises to introduce its readers perR. Finney of the local recruiting sta- sonally to the ten writers who havetion: I won us these honors in an intimateUnion City. Ind. 'feature article showing pictures oCaptain Finney, Army Recruiting- Office, hem all and giving enough o the do-DearCl;rilIsit1nmyapP.IoaUontothe toils and carcumsUmces '' Unrmv rcrnltinc nfflca several months aco tn show some Ot tne reasons ioi ""and I waa told to write you about It Iwish to Join the United States army.Whatever way you may see fit to use meI shall be willing to give you my bestservice. My present position is clerkingin .a grocery store. Now, if you see anyway to use me let mo know. If it is to boon the firing line I am willing even to gothere. Hoping to hear from you soon, I.am, sincerely yours,anSS MINNIE HARMON.R. R. 2, Union City, Ind.Sergeant Finney, after an investigation, said the young woman who sentthe letter is a pretty girl who clerks Ina country. grocery jiear Union City andthat she is in earnest about desiringto be a soldier or to enter the army inany capacity. Sergeant Finney haswritten to her that he has not the authority to enlist women for any purpose, but that she might find arraywork with the Red Cross association.Whit Negro Called a "Hoodoo."Hot Springs, Ark.-CInimlng he is a"hoodoo" and practicesjsorcery, an oldnegro was given five days to leave thetown of Earle, Ark., by three negresses.who recently beat him and pursuedhim through hhe streets with brooms.Their belief" Is said to be based on thefart that the old man'a skin has turned white,-exception aitrakaboutitheeyes, giving uiui u iiiwunj .vw.SOCIAL AND PEKSONaL.Comings and Goings of OurPeople Here, There andElsewhere.Miss Laura Ogden has returned tDher home in Carlisle, after a visit torelatives in this city.Airs Wilonn nhonow liao roiiirriolfrom a visit to her sister, Mrs. Alice. .: -"" """w .- "n-.CnrisP"erf in Winchesterir. r? t.. i ...,,ihis me sShaKp a proa-pecting tour through Indiana.Miss Lucy Simms has returnedtrom, a.visit to her brother, Mr. Ed-3! ".,', o QO .Miss Alice Threshley Williams, inFrankfort, for the dance given thereSaturday night.Messrs. Paul Matthews and Harold ,Wollstein attended the concert givenin Lexington by the Russian Symiphony Orchestra.,- ,,,.!, t -uka r .rin-una. v uimm oui jiiiiciu, vl - "- iceiiues, muicuiu, is a guest ol nei is-ters, Mrs. H. A. Power and Miss MaryBashiord, in this city. IMrs. Carter N. Martin and daugh-!t.u x. i. :ter, Miss Mary Martin, of this city,were guests of friends and relatives in.Winchester several days last week.Mr and T?Irs Allie Robertson ,iirs. mason nous, mrs. .a-ivm iuiliuland Mr. Badger Robertson, who have.been a conductor on the Interurbaii(Other Personals on Page 5)BOSTON CRITIC ANDA SOUTHERN MAGAZINEThe Southern Woman's Magazine,o Uie youngest of the country's...n nuurannno d one of the,.m. nf notion nnhlished in thislme this magazine, for all its youthTSiniB fourteen...The ten stories of this magazineHstC(1 for distinction are, first, ;ThevniHnr nf iAjrft.' bv Beth Slatetriple-starred and placed on' for puDlication in Mr.- . . vnllimR oC the 'Best Shortw iqirnl'ML Juliet of Kentuckyby Anna B. Onstott le-starredfor distinction, and Uiira, The DmneAtrocity,' by Grace G. Bostwick, btaired."Following these are Marie Kose otMustard Street, by Frances AymarMathews; 'Look Away," by Helen Top-,ping Miller; A Soldier of the rsewDay,' by Gillian Perrine Davis; 'TheStory of Anele Glynn,' by Aaa jac.Carver; 'A Tryste in Heaven,' byJohn A. Moroso; 'The Resultant Tangent,' by Brevard Mayes Connor;'His Rival,' by Mary Woodsftm Ship-pey."its May number the. magazineInstrength and beauty in wiucu menmagic pens have been dipped.LIFT YOUR CORNSOFF WITH FINGERS.Tells How to Loosen a Tender Cornor Callous So it Lifts OutWithout Pain.You reckless men and women whoare nestered with corns and who have'at least once a week invited, an awful'death from lockjaw or blood poisonare no.v told by a Cincinnati authority to use a drug called Freezonewhich, the moment a few drops are applied to any corn or callous the soreness is relieved and soon the entirecorn or callous, root and all, lifts offwith the fingers.Freezone dries the moment it is applied, and simply shrivels the corn orcallous without inflaming or even irritating the surrounding tissue or skin.A small bottle of Freezone will costvery little at any drug store, but willpositively rid one's feet of every hardor soft corn or hardened callous. Ifyour druggist hasn't any Freezone ne'can'feetJifcfct any wholesale drug Iioubh(adv)lor yOU,The Satisfaction of Saving.Among all material pleasures there innone so great as that which springsfrom a store laid by for future wants,especially for the needs of those forwhose well being you have become re-sponsible. And when you have gath-ered that store by steadfastly refusingthriftless self indulgence you have a. . .. . .satisfaction that outweighs and outlasts all fleeting joys. I speak frommv own exnerience. and T pnn rnli inwitness the thousands of others who,have traveled the same road,Strictly speaking, all mere luxury is 'waste. But there may be and often is Iwanton wastefulness in luxury when IJ reasonable indulgence in it might bejustifiable. That is certain to reactmost harmfully on soul, mind and body,t is not the accumulation, but thewaste and misuse of wealth, thatmakes men decay. Judson Harmon in 'Youth's Companion..Poisons In the Stomach.A most curious fact is that all foodcontains the elements of poison, andin our body poisons are manufacturedfrom these. For instance, meat, fish,cheese and milk are comnosed of hv-drogen carbon nitrogen and oxygen.Take away the last and you have prussic acid. We do not manufactureprussic acid, it is true. But in everystomach in the world fermentationgoes on just as in a brewery, and thepoisonous carbonic acid is made inlarge quantities. If you breathed afew da3's' output of carbonic acid gasyou would inevitably die. Sulphureted hydrogen is one of the most deadlygases known, yet in every stomach itis made at one time or another. In thestomach all food is converted intowhat we call "peptone," and if a verysmall quantity of this found its wayinto the blood it would kill as surelyas prussic acid. Pearson's Weekly.To Waterproof Tents.Ilere is the way to waterproof cloth :Dissolve ten pounds of rosin in fourgallons of hot linseed oil. Pour intoa tub to which a wringer is attached.Pass the cloth through the hot oil and,as soon as well soaked, through thewringer. Spread on fence or groundimmediately until thoroughly dry. Drying may take a week or more. Thissolution will treat about fifty yards ofcloth.For waterproofing a tent Nessmuk inhis "Woodcraft" gives this recipe,which he savs is excellent: To tenquarts of water add ten ounces of limeand four ounces of alum. Let it standuntil clear. Fold the cloth or tent snugly and put it into another vessel, pourthe solution in and let it soak fortwelve hours, then rinse in lukewarmrain water. Stretch and dry in the sun.Sleep and Dreams.The brain is more active while engaged in dreaming than when not thusengaged. The only perfect sleep isthat which is dreamless. The momentthe sleeper begins to dream he beginsto work, and the more vivid and protracted the dream the more intense,naturally, becomes the work. It ispossible that at no time during thewaking hours of life is the brain soactive as It is in tbe strange businessof dreaming.Look Ahead."Be a speedway," said Brother Dick-7. "but ouderstan' well how ter slowup. JCeason so many ioiks gits pitcneuover de fence into de brier patch erlife is kaze dey dunno dat de fence isdar ontil dey hits it So watch outwhar you is un' how is you!" AlantaConstitution.Household Calisthenics.The Terre Haute woman rounds outher arms by dusting chairs, movingrugs and brushing down the stairs andsweeping the floors. She gives herselfa finer carriage and a steadier gait bycarrying wood and coal to the domestichearth. Terre Haute Tribune.Inconsistent."And you won't buy that antiquechair I got from you ten years ago?""No; it would be of little use to meIn its present condition.""What do you mean? "Why, it's moreantique than ever now." LouisvilleCourier-Journal.The Sign."I'm afraid Maud's second marriageis a failure.""Did she say so?""No, but she's beginning to speak wellof her first husband."PRACTICAL HEALTH HINT.US&Rules For Long Life.Jt There is no panacea that willOi hflnrr Inner llfft fn ftVPTO UPT Ji1 "What Is one man's meat is an-1 other man's poison." But a fewJ4: rules are applicable to every one:JS Be moderate in everything. Ex-J eess in eating, In drinking, in& anything, tends to bring on old& age.J Be faithful in your exerciseV and be sure to choose an exer-V else that is helpful to you.US Stand and sit erect and useJ your lungs.g Keep your teeth and gums and tt?Jg throat clean. The mouth Is the W?Jg principal port of entry for nnde- MSMS sirable immigrant micro-organ-MSasasasisms.Be careful to maintain thebowel functions. The digestivetract Is a favorite abiding place0S for hordes of marauding bacte- OSas Ti&.0S Have your body occasionallyOS examined. Hawthorne Daniel inOS World'g Work.asasasasas v oivs as as as as as as at as as as as as as w as vshi i mi 1 1 MM i nt-HnmI Wolf, Wile & C6.Lexington,This Is The Proper Time To ISelectSPRINGCORSETJust before you buy your Spring Gown or Tailor Suitlet us fit you to any one of the many excellent style corsets we carry. For weeks we have been receiving thenewest models produced byThe Redfern ManufacturersThe Madame Irene ManufacturersThe Bien Jolie ManufacturersThe La Camille (Front Lace) MakersThe Nemo ManufacturersThe Warner Rustproof ManufacturersAnd our own Nannette MakersShapes, styles and pricesand comfort assured and hygienic fittings given by expert fitters.Make your appointment at once for a fitting.Wolf, Wile 6 Co. 1Lexington,VTTV'f WIT V'l'TTViTT"WinterTourist TicketsRound-trip Winter Tourist Ticketson sale daily Oct 1, 2916, 'until April30, 1917, with final return limit May31, 1917, to all principal tourist point3In Alabama, Florida, Georgia, Louisiana, Mississippi, New Mexico, NorthCarolina, South 'Carolina, Texas andHavana, Cuba, allowing liberal stopover privileges on both going and return trip. Also low round-trip Homeseekers Tickets on sale first and thirdTuesdays of each month to points' inAlabama, Florida, Louisiana andMississippi, with final return limittwenty-one days from date of sale.For further information, call on or address W. V. SHAW, Agent,or J. K. SMITH, T. A.IS?cst ai ijour case,In spite of KJTQQze;sure to .please:DON'T let a cold snapbother you any.Keep that coal binfilled up. If you need itnow you can have itpromptly, because our delivery is as full of speed asour coal is full of quality.BURNPOX RIDGECOALW. C. DODSONTfftKvMtWWF VAjtdma stfrB8fcSKHBsHsPv If juQi 1 m in'! t ii miliumKentuckyYourto suit every customer. FitKentucky."frHuimnn,j KENTUCKY TRACTION& TERMINAL COMPANYInterurban Schedule.CARS LEAVE10:05 p. m.ParisforLexington6:45 a. m.7:30 a. m.11:00 n. atLexingttmfori0Park '6:00 a. ww' 7:20 a. m.8:00 a. m,8:50 a. m10:20 a. ja.11:50 a. m1:20 p,fc2:50 p. -.N3:0 prli.4:20 p.-aa.5:00 p. .6-: 00 ps-m7129 .9:10 p. aa8:15 a. m.9:00 a. m .9;45 a. m.11:15 a. m.12:45 p. m.2:15 p. m.3:45 p. m.4:30 p. m.5:15 p. m.6:05 p. m.6:50 p. m.8:15 p. m.You Don't Have ttStoopIf You: Use aGarlandCabinetRangeA beautiful line of Garland on tffeplay. Come In and look themavr.Paris Ga$& Electric Go.(IaoorforatW)m 9Ri 1m HPAGE FOURTHE BOttRBON NEWS, PA&IS; KY.TUESDAY, APRIL 3, HIT.1n'jThia!FARMERS, COUNTY AGENTSAND COMMERCIAL CLUBS."INVINCIBLES" DO ASIXTEEN-MILE HIKE.The Kentucky State Fair, believing When it conies to athletics, Paristkkt the purpose and intent of its or- has a bevv of handsome young woganization was to benefit, foster, build 'men who have put the city on theup and advance the agricultural devel-'map in an unmistakable manner. Noopment and interest in this State, will alone do they shine as the championoffer this year prizes totaling seven basket ball team in High School cirkwndred ($700.00) dollars, for the best j cles in Central Kentucky, but they canddaplay of agricultural .products, in-'go the boys one better, in the mattereluding grains, hay, feeds, forages, of athletics.straw, tobacco, hemp, vegetables, On Saturday morning members of.fruits (fresh, canned, and preserved). 'the team and substitutes, Misses Carhoney, -syrups, sugars, cured meats, rie and Lena Rose, Fannie Heller,poultry products, which may be pro Eleanor Lytle, Damie Canal, Ireneduced in any county in Kentucky dur- J Alexander and Ruby Elder, left Parising the year 1917. for a hike to Millersburg, leaving herePrizes will be awarded as follows: iat eight o'clock, and arriving at Mil-$250.00 to the county winning first lersburg at eleven. They were warmiyprize. ! received in the burg and were enter-$150.00 to the county winning secon J , tained at the Blue Bowl Cafe, andprize. I hospitably entertained by Prof, and$100,00 to the county winning third pirs. Best, of the M. M. I. and byprize. Jtmembers of the faculty of the M. GThe county winning first prize will 'After resting and visiting friends, thealso receive a sterling silver Cham-' young ladies started on the backpionship Cup, costing $300.00. home-trip, arriving in Paris at fiveWhile another $100.00 to be set o'clock Saturday afternoon. Theyapart to be divided as follows: $50.00 thoroughly enjoyed their sixteen-milato the first, $30.00 to the second awl , j0urney, (and say they have now pro"$20.00 to the third, to be given to tht .ea their ability to . fight for Unclerepresentatives of the respective win-lsanl)f and appreciated to the fullestning counties working up the exhibit? 'their7 kindly reception in MillersburgThe awards will be made by three j other journeys have been planncldisinterested, competent judges, andfor the future, in which the membersthe considerations governing the 0f the team will visit different secawards will be quality and quantity options of the county, and perhaps exexhibits, and taste displayed in the ar- tending their activities beyound therangement of the exhibition of same, j confines of the county boundary.All products for the exhibit must bestarted to the Kentuck State Fair,either in wagon or by train, not later. CHORAL CLUB GIVESthan Wednesday, September 5, 1917, tcbe arranged and ready for judging atnoon of Saturday, September 8. Noexhibit, or any portion of an exhibit.not started to the Kentucky State FairCONCERT AT CARLISLEDISTINGUISHED VIOLINISTTO GIVE RECITAL HERE.Mr. Jules Falk, the noted violinist,who has been heard here in recita'--jseveral times, will give a recital inThe North Middletown Male Chorus,under the direction of Mr. A. L. Boat-rieht. cave a delichtful concert at the!rni,0 - , ,, Dnin u r..:by Wednesday, September 5. will beJOpera House, in Carlisle, Saturday jBook store at o5c and 50cconsidered in the judging ol same. &- . - :: " ir. rant is reiaieu 10 .urs. iouiThis should enable all interior coun- Mrs. J. W. Jones, of North Middletown, ,Wollstsin of Parig wlloge guest h.4.1. TiTZi-in 11 tftlr4Vi A Aytc O O Til . . . - - -iPR. nr counties from a remote dis- "1LU -U1BB D"",ucl" UxCo i ,AVllltance from the Kentucky State Fair'anist. The program was rendered ingrounds, to compete on the same, an excellent manner and reflectedterms, conditions and footing as those i&reat credit upon all who took partcounties lying nearer to the Kentucky The .program was listened to withStatP Fair Grounds. If necessary, the marKeu atusiiuuii uy u. iaiBc auUuwHIGH SCHOOL MINSTRELSSUCCESSFUL ENTERTAINMENT(Contributed.)The minstrel show given by the students of the Paris High School in ththe auditorium of the Paris High auditorium of the school last FridaySchool, on next Thursday evening, evening was without doubt, one of theApril 5, at 8:15 o'clock under the au- best dramatic entertainments everspices of the Christian Endeavor So-' given by the students of the Highciety of the Paris Christian Church. ! School.Willi regard to quality, minstrelsnaturally fall into three groups, theamusing, the mediocre and the disgusting. Taking as evidence the hearty applause of laughter, which ran spontaneously over the lower floor when anoriginal joks or quip was sprung uporan important citizen or a prominentprofessor, the High School Minstrelsshould unhesitatingly be put in thafirst class.Lane Lusk perhaps received moreapplause than any other individualmember of the cast, if we are justified in saying this, it was because oChis utter immaculateness from anything suggestive of stage-fright, andbecause of the manner in which heheld his apdience when rendering "pathetic ballads," even though therewere detractions in the form o crapgames and razor fights in the background. Albert Lavin acted the part of interlocutor in a manner which did creditto his coaches. Perfectly at ease inhis evening dress, his lines, due togood inflection and enunciation, wereeasily interpreted. The end men wereRay Clark, Robert Burnett, ColemanWilliams and Robert Lavin. The lincand actions of all four were givenfinely. A. T. Rice, Jr., J. Fithian Rynand Tedny Templih gave humorous"take-offs" of the shady race. Besidesthose already named, Edward BrophyVictor O'Neill, Foster Mitchell, Garland O'Neill, Edward Wagoner, CharlesGrinnan, John Dundon, Yancey Chappell, Russell Clayton and Fithian Arkle had parts in the minstrel performance.JULES FAULK.Opera House Wednesday and ThursdayVaudeville and PicturesINCLUDINGWARREN AND BAKERIn Singing and Talking ComedyTHE FIVE ROYAL HAWAIIANSIn Novelty Music, Singing and Dancing.Also Other Acts to be Announced.Wednesday's PictureDUSTIN FARNUM, in"A SON OF ERIN"Also two Paramount Comedies.Thursday's PictureTHEDA BARA, in Shakespeare's masterpiece,'Romeo and Juliet'Charles Arling in "SOCIALPIRATES," a Fox Comedy.On account of length of show we will start proneptlyat 7 p. m.y and can give only one performance. So comeearly. Lower Floor and Balcony, 25c and 10c. Gallery,20c and 10c.guest hrbe during his stay. Mr. Faulkwill be assisted by Mr. MalcolmMaynier, pianist. The program theywill present is as follows:1."l.-kM AAWA -. ?2-fc1t T7 4-ht J-hmember in charge may require an affl- The Club will probably have a return Mendelsshon- x . ...xi--.- iflnt in Hip Hnnitnl of Nicholas. I. .. , A t-....i h w .davit setting forth the date of cutting.removing or starting of any productsexhibited in this class to the KentuckyState Fair.As a suggestion, I advise any one in.any county, who contemplates his"county being represented in this contest, to insist on se.cral farmers ineach section of the county to prepareand grow the same products for thisSpecial exhibition. In other words, saysix farmers grow potatoes (both Irish"and sweet), six farmers grow hay, sixgrow grain, and so on until arrangements have been made for the growingof all kinds of products for the wonderful display.Full particulars will appear in catalogue, wiiich. will be issued about July1, 1917, or upon application to Matt S.Cohen, Commissioner of Agriculture,Frankfort, Kentucky.date in the Capital of Nicholas.SALES OF REAL ESTATEAND BANK STOCK.Auctioneer M. F. Kenney sold forthe administrators of the estate of thelate "l!:s. James W. Ingels at thecourt house door in this city yesterdaythe following:Brick cottage on Main street, soldto L. C. Ashcraft of Paris, for $2,825;a lot immediately in the rear of thecottage, fronting 52 feet on High street,to Mr. L. C. Ashcraft, for $400; a lotadjoining this, fronting 52 feet, 4inches on High street, to Mr. L. CAshcraft, for $335; a frame cottage onMain street, to Mr. C. C. Cole, of Carlisle, for ?1,720; a vacant lot in therear, trontine: bu leet. incnes on, High street, to Mr. T. T. Teniplin, forj $395; cottage on Main street, occupiedCONDITIONS by Misses Young, to Jas. D. McClin-jtock, for $1,830; a lot immediately inThe past week has been a veryrear fronting 42 feet, 5 inches onbusy one for the farmers, the open . Hi h streett to jag. r. McClintock, forweather permitting plowing, garaen-Andanet, Finale Allegro molto vivace12.(a) Largetto Nardini(b) Seherze Dittersdor''(c) Menuett Milandre(d) Allegretto ...7 Bocherini(e) The Hunt Cartier3.Solo for Piano.(a) Valse in A flat Chopin(b) SeguidiHa (Spanish DanceGranadosMr. Maynier.4.(a) Indian Lament Dvorak(b) Rondino (on a theme byBeethoven) Kreisler(c) Bird as Prophet . . Schmann-Auer(d)5.(a)(b)TOBACCO COTTONsAll grades, at Harry Simon's(2mar-tf)"BARN AND LIVESTOCKDESTROYED BY FIRE.Fire of an unknown origin at anearly hour Saturday morning destroyed a large stock barn on the farm ofMr. Gano Hildreth, on the Winchester pike, six miles from Paris. Elevenhead of horses and mules, a largeamount of corn, hay, grain and chickens, in the barn at the time, weredestroyed.The loss is estimated at about$1,500, with no insurance. One theory advanced is that the barn was accidents set on fire J)y chicken thievesoirsuinir matches inheir hunt for thevMake Your CarLook New ForA Dollar or Two1Whether you paint your car yourself for the"fun of it" or for the tires and gasolene thatthe saving will buy, our Auto Finishes willgive the finish desired at a home-made price.C. A. DaughertyFifth and Main StreetsParis, KentuckyCaprice Espagnol Ketten poultry..&&BOURBON FARMINGing, tobacco bed planting and all theother countless farming operations tobe done. Plowing for corn has beendone whereever the ground has beenin. the proper condition, fend the indications are that a large crop will beput in this year. The high prices ofcorn during the winter just closed haspaade the farmers determined to raiseat least as much corn as Uiey willmeed. cm. the farm, and many will raisone to sell.Gardens are very popular this season, and considerable work in thatline has been done in the back lots andback yards, and if the weather permits there will be many gardens started soon.Pastures are coming along well now,and stock seems in most cases tohave come through the winter in pretty good shape. Wheat and rye havobeen more or less hurt by winter-killing,and it is reported that farmers inserveral instances are plowing up theirwheat fields in order to re-sow themin rye.Wool is bringing the best prices everknown in the county, farmers havingTefused fifty cents a pound for it inone reported instance. The great factor in the present high price is ofcourse the European war which hascaused a demand for so many productswhich contain wool.At the last part of the feeding season with pasturage only a short timeoff, prices for all kinds of feed haveoared. Corn is retailing for $7 perbarrel in many parts of this section,and hay is reported at $22 per ton.Gypsy Dance NachezSlavonie Dance, G minor. .Dovark(c) Old Bohemian Folk SongComposer unknown(d) Hungarian Rhapsodie (Hullamzo Balaton) 1 IubayMIDDLETOWN GETSIN THE LIME LIGHT$400; lot adjoining, immediately in 'northrear of Misses Young's, to Jas. D. Mc-IClintock, for ?330. 'The following sales of stock of the The Carlisle Mercury says: "AftcPeoples-Deposit Bank & Trust Co. was 'being exploited in the Northern presr?aiso Tiaue yesieruuy uy iiutuuucci ,as a vvnaerness, mrougn an enKenney:Five shares to W. H. Anderson, forI $215 per share; five shares to John TCollins for $214 per share; five sharesto John T. Collins for $214.25 pershare; five shares to John T. Collinsfor $215 per share; five shares to Henry S. Cay wood, for $215.25 per share;five shares to John T. Collins for$216.25 per share; five shares to RobtMeteer for $216.50; five shares toHenry S. Caywood for $217.75 pershare; five shares to John T. Collinsfor $218.25 per share; five shares toE. M. Dickson for $219.50 pershare, five shares to John Marstonfor $220 per share.lightening interview with 'Mrs. Erne-line Booker, of color(, that erstwhilegarden-spot of the Bluegrass and center yf culture and wealth, North Middeltown, is now in the lime-light againwith an embryonic pro-Germon propaganda which is said to have been started in 'Dixville,' that highly salubriout, though slightly aromatic suburiiof the Bourbon county village."PARKS FERRY NEAR CARLISLEDESTROYED BY FIRE.A DISCOURAGING SEASON.The village of Parks' Ferry, aboutsix miles north of Carlisle, on theLicking River, was destroyed by fireSaturday. The loss is estimated atIfrom $30,000 to $40,000. Shortly af,. ., ter the fire started a message was sentKentucky farmers who ordinarily nnrliqp fnr nifi A nman enelnosow oats in February and plant onions. WM ,oaded on a large truck and gent111 iuarCU, auu nope uj bu ijuwiucito the scene. After reaching the village the Carlisle fire departmentcould not render any aid, and the enitre village, with the exception of a"in" before the first of April havenot turned an acre of ground overthis season. The retardations ofspring planting in view of the high' j waB destroyed by the flames,price of both stock feed and humanfood is discouraging to the farmersand the city consumers. A late planting season will begin with a rush inApril. The ground then will be warmnTifl nuiok results will be had fromciuickTO UNDERGO OPERATION."REPORT OF WEBBER SALE.- "Mr. Charles A. Webber, who resides6k the old. M. A. Kenney farm, on tireLeadngton pike, near this city, had apeblic sale of stock, crop, farming implements, etc., Thursday, which was-well attended' and at which good pricesprevailed.Twenty-eight head of Jersey cows.nA heifers were sold at from $21 to$145 per head. One team of aged mulesbroueht $530: horses, $56 to $iJ& eacn;dry cows, $56 to $70 each; corn incrib, $6.10 per barrel. Eight rresncows were sold as follows: Cow andcalf to Frank Buchanan, $94; twoMrs. R. j. Wilson, of this city, wiUundergo a serious operation at theloto lanHnfr hut t.h 1 farmers who uarK i ouuiy nusyiuu, m wiuuueaier, ,, ti ommot ote to to-morrow. Mrs. Wilson was takenUUCUU upu oui; . . w- v-w -. iiireplace a diminished stocko $i . suddenly ill while visiting her daugh-corn will be nervous about the outcome of an oat crop planted a monthor six weeks later than it should beter, Miss Maude Wilson, at the homeof Mrs. Wilson's mother, in Winchester. The daughter has been ill otwio,! ,. to h0nfit nf th mni i pneumonia, but is now out of dangerdamp weather of early spring. To- Mrs. Wilson was Miss Cora Nelson, pfKnstsw-k nlanf harto nrocumn 1 V nflvPi imucatoiUOAJ ilUlll, UWUU, 4. v.iuiu.; , .. .been kept back along with the earlyfield crops. REAL ESTATE DEALS."The sun shines brightest in Kentucky,' but not at this time.B-4 TIREInsure withW.O.H1NTON &SON,AgtsSunday, May 6, 1917, is "Go-To-SundaySchool Day" For All Kentucky.One Million People Will Attend. Let's All Go to Sunday SchoolFIRE ALMOST DESTROYSWEST VIRGINIA TOWN.A fire, which cost the lives of fivepersons and serious injury to others,as well as a property loss of $o,000,destroyed half of the town of Creston.a town of 300 inhabitants, in WirtCounty..fire, wind and lightning insurance. Thomas, Woodford & Bryan.'l ! ! ! 1' 4 'I' l 'I ! I ! ! ! 4. ! ! ! ! .. ! ! ft ,, ; q, . .fr 4. j .;. ! ! .. fr ft j 1 1 il fl ITENMILLIONS IN COTTONDESTROYED BY FIRE.Approximately 50,000 bales cottoYi.valued, at $10,000,000, was destroyed I bjfire at Vladivostok last week, according to information that reached herbv way of Japan. The news came Uthe local agents of Lloyds, London.icv mcAN Sr pLwsN53bdc by e Vulcan Plow Co., Eransvnie, hi.t TRY THE bo dSr3I VULCAN iJLiFor Rent.Nice cottage on Winchester street,just across L. & N. tracks. Conveniently located. NAT0NAL BANK.(3-tf)For Rent..4Three nice rooms, with electricguts ana an avendk(3-tf)LOST WATCrFOn the streets of Paris, somewherebetween Simon's Store and Mrs. J. M.Flanagan's home, on Higji street, alady's small gold watch, hunting case.Has name of C. O. Hinton on dial.Reward for return or for informationleading to its recovery. Call thisoffice.APRIL COURT DAY.April Court Day, usually one of thebiggest of the year, was only an ordinary affair yesterday, there being a bigcows and calves to Thomas Allen, $100 crowd in the city, but not much busiMrs. Mattie Current has sold herhome in Centerville to Mr. Win. AWelsh, at a private price.Dr. Elmer Swetnam, of Nicholasvillehas purchased the property of Mr. andMrs. B. P. Rion, and will move to Centerville to reside in the future.arh: cow and calf to C. Higgins, $101;cow and calf to George Clayton, $112;Mirind calf to Charles White. $115;cow and calf to George Clayton, $118; tness being transacted. severalbunches of stock changed mands, principally mules.The stallion show, for many years air n -m t TLTanrnhv. $145 1 premier feature of April Court Day,- w.mv. a fhi sale in order1 was a tame affair, there being 6nly a It wmnrm iiLru w m m, Atj-M.a snmlns stock so that few representative horses here. The the school house. They' will alsohe might devote more of his time day was cold and raw, and sent the hold a cake and pie supper. Everyto kis automobile basinet in Paris, crowd home early In the diy. body invited.QUILT SALE.The Ladies' Aid Society of the Centerville Methodist Church will have asale of auilts and other household necessities on Friday night, April 6, a.Dissolution Notice!We will sell at Public Auction forWakefield, Moore & Wakefield,Saturday, April 7, 1917,at 2 p. m., twenty beautiful buildingwa in fi-nrev Addition. These lotaare located in a splendid colored addition, within one block or tne coioreucity school.'Must be sold.TERMS Made known on day orsale.HARRIS & sr&AKtap.J3-2t)iWell Finished, Strong Durable, Light Draft.Rib Strengthened Mold, Full Chilled Shinpiece, InterlockedPoint, Land and Standard. Point has Face Chill, Wide EdgeChill, Long Snoot Chill, Patented Extension and is theSTRONGEST and MOST DURABLE Chilled Point made.When buying a Plow, consider Quality First, Price SecondFOR SALE BYC. S. Eall GarageCor. Fourth and Pleasant St. .Agents Buick AutomobilesGoodyear TiresOur Vulcanizing Departmentis equipped with steam vulcanizer and run by an expert.:Steam Heated GarageOPEN DAY AND NIGHTMlihUlllhllliUlllHIIllHHUflAI&ft; PES DAY, APRIL 3, 1917.THE BOURBON NEWS, PARIS, KY.wfc&vrkkFOR THE BESTNOTHING ELSEMASSIE MEMORIAL HOSPITALWILL HAVE ADDITION SOON,SOCIAL AND PERSONAL.Comings and Goings of OurPeople Here, There andElsewhere.Lexington architects have been noti-iHl that an addition will he built tot,e Massie Memorial Hospital inAris. Notices of the addition wasCouncilman Jack Woods continuesseriously m at his lrome "JrZVb - 9h.arIton Alexander was a.this week. m Woodford countym Miss Mary Sullivan, of Lexingtons.0f Miss EIizabeth T01-":Mrs. W. C.Powell, of Harmonla Lexington architects to make bids, the new addition.,-ontained in communications asking street, was a guest of friends in Pin-x. . t ..un 1.14i- ... . ... .ciimnti vaofn.i v-"11Mrs. L. B. Purnell Aas a geust ofher sister, Mrs. John K. Smith, inDayton, Ky., Friday.Miss Mary Jones has returned t-her home in Versailles, after a visitTHE WEATHER.The weather forecast for the week'to Miss Elise VardenMrs. Frank Sullivan and two children, of Frankfort, are visiting MissLonley, on High street.Mrs. Catherine Davis Craig was a.Hginuing Sunday, April 1, as sent(ut from the U. S. Weather Bureaua Washington, is as follows:For Ohin V11pv nnA Trt-nsettled and local rains at beg, SMJT Ben'y-ng of week. Generally fair after j -Misses Marv Martin and Billieonday-first half cool, latter half ! Tingle, have returned from a visit toarmer Miss Ruth Owen, in Winchester.Mrs. Earl Ferguson, of Lexington,EASTER SALE was a Suest Saturday of her sister," Mrs. J. Stuart Roberts, near Paris.For the week of April 2 we offer m1"' Jam-?? E' Coons.' of Paris' hat?j,lay hats. Hats that sparkle with ington.riginality and newness. "Great re- Miss Mary McCarthy has returned. va. i.. an uuwug uiis weeK. l" "C1 lxuuic in uexiugion, alter aHARRY SIMON.GOOD SALE OF JERSEYS.visit to Mrs. John McCarthy, on Seventn streetMr. Talbott Clay and Mr. W. IIClay, of Lexington, former resident:Live stock offered at public sale m vesS'y6 ' ViSitrS hmGeorgetown, Saturday, brought unus- " Mrs. fa. R. Taylor has returned totally good prices. The most notable her home in Minorsville, Ky., after asale was of a herd of fifty-one cows visit to her sister, Mrs. Ernest Harris.belonging to Sanford C. Carpenter, of in Ulis city-Millersburg, which brought $42.5o' to Mrs" william B- Fulkerson has re1150 rer head, averaging $80 The turned to her home in Augusta, afterales were made by Jesse Shuff of v V1Slt to Mrs Thomas w- Allen' ont; i-. i tT ,7 "uu- UL Duncan avenue.iAiubiuu, u-iiu ui. nawKins, 01 .Mays-vineWhite Fithian, Stanley Dickson andEdwin K. Thomas, Jr., all of BourbonCounty.Miss Clara Belle O'Neill, organistat the Christian Church, is very ill,threatened with appendicitis.Miss Mary Grannan, who has beena guest of her brother, Mr. Will Grannan, and sister, Miss Elizabeth Grannan, returned yesterday to her him"in Cincinnati, accompanied by MissElizabeth Grannan.Central Kentucky's big annualEaster Dance will positively be give.ion Friday evening, April 6, at MasoniiTemple, in Paris. Smith's SaxaphoneSextette will positively play this datehere. The promotors have asked thacno attention be paid to the reports tothe contrary.Mr. and Mrs. D. C. McNamaraand daughter, of Boston, Mass., have arrived for a visit to friends and relatives. Mrs. McNamara and daughtervisited relatives in ML Sterling before coming to Paris, where they werejoined by Mr. McNamara. They wil1go to Millersburg to-day for a visit LjMr. McNamara's sister, Mrs. Wm. Carpenter. The first of the series of prayermeetings to be held this week at theChristian church, by the C. W. B. M.and the Young Ladies' Mission Circle,was held Monday afternoon, with afine attendance. Mrs. J. D. Booth,president of the Auxiliary, presided,and the program included Scripturereading, prayer, hymns, an originalpaper by Mrs. John T. Hedges, readings by Mrs. D. B. Anderson, Mrs. FP. Lowry and Mrs. Robert Collier, anda solo by Mr. A. L. Boatright.Tuesday will be devoted to visitingand enlisting new members. Theprayer meeting Thursday will be conducted by the Circle Girls, and theregular meeting of the C. W. B. Mwill be held Friday afternoon at 2:30.IiI!RED CROSS SOCIETY.LAST WEEK OF LENT.MISS HOLLADAY'S NEW SHOP.I mrs. aame iucuuian, or Lexing-ton, is visiting her daughter, Mrs. Jo.varden, and her son, Dr. Raymond McMillan, in this city.All the "shut-ins" at the MassloThe last week of th T.PmPn cn,cn Memorial Hospital, are reported as get-tos ushered in Sundav Palm Sundav llng a!0ng vervt nicel'- with Prospects,, 00 ,, ,,r , itt"" u"" of early complete recovery.-and as Holy Week has come to be MlT j. w Bell, of Cynthiana, whoregarded by society, irrespective of recently purchased the Jos. Pearrautcreed or denomination as a period farm on the Bethlehem pike, nearthroughout which it is good form, at Paris, has moved to the property,least, to refrain from any gaiety or en I -Mr. Frank Daugherty, formerly oftertainment, the social calendar ex Paris who has been ill at a Philadelceut for club meetings, will be nrac- phia pital, suffering from a mild attically a blank. tack of tyP10"1 fever, is reported asimproving.Mrs. John Doty went to Cynthiana ji yesterday to attend the funeral of heraunt, Mrs. W. W. Green, who died o"Miss Holladay's New Shop, which a stroke of apoplexy at her home Inhas been in the hands of the decora- Winchester, Friday night.tors for several weeks, was thrown Mr. O. S. Johnson, of Winchesteropen Friday for the inspection of vis- h, j! a Pat,ient ie Massie Memo-itors. The New Shop is a beauty. iU f-,al H.0SP.ita1' in. thls $ 'or some,i.nyt tr , . . y r time, is improving rapidly, and willdecorative effects being harmonious BOon be able to return to his home,and an air of elegance prevading the Mr. W. C. Potts came in Saturdayplace. It is also well-arranged for from West Virginia, where he is conhandling the candies that have made ducting a publicity campaign, for aParis famous, and is in every way a visit t0 ms family, at the home of Mr.model of neatness and convenience and Mrs- Geor&e Duvall, on Lillestonavenue.n o nr.uo ,, i Mrs. Jesse Hazelrigg has returnedFLAGS BEING DISPLAYED. ,to her home in Winchester, after a'visit to her mother, Mrs. C. A. DaughThere has been a notable and most erty, who has been very ill at hercommendable increase in the number home on Mt. Airy. Mrs. Daugherty isof flags displayed here recentlv improving.Many business houses have thrown Mr- Louis Saloshin, of Paris, un"Ol: Glory" to the breeze, and almost denyent an operation for cierrohsis ofeverv i.erson on the stref hns a smnii lhe hver' Saturday, at the Jewish Hoseverv person on tne street has a small Ua, in Cincinnati. He stood the orflag pinned on. Let the good work go (leal remarkably well, and was reon it shows the right spiriL ported yesterday as elng considera-Flass on the court house, the Ma- bly improved.Eonic Temple, the City Hall, and other Mr. Samuel Wills, of Winchester,public buildings would adorn the bare lias accepted a position as travelingflag poies on those buildings! salesman for the Power Grocery Co.,. .in this city. Mr. C. P. Bailey, whooadio A.ivii aiab -r- has been a member of the Powerhahis AUXILAIARY TO Gcroery Co.'s traveling force, has takenOBSERVE WEEK OF PRAYER a position with the Farmers' SupplyCompany.This week will be observed by thy The regular monthly business andmembers of the C. W. B. M. Auxil- social meeting of the Women's Mislary and the Mission Circle of the sion Society will be held at the MethChristian church as a "Week of odist church, this afternoon at 2:30Prayer." The first meeting was held o'clock. The devotional program willat the church yesterday afternoon at be in charge of Miss Louie Bruer2:30 o'clock. No meeting will be held ji the ladies of the church are invitedto-day, as the day will be devoted to 0 be presenL"visiting day," with the especial ob- Tne subscription dance given onject of enlisting new members. To- Friday evening in the ball room otmorrow the members will attend the the Phoenix Hotel, at Lexington, wasregular mid-week prayer-meeting a', one of the really delightful social7:30 p. m., conducted bv the -pastor, events of the week. Dancing was en-Rev-W Ti THlte " toyed from ten until four. Mr. and' "' ' " AIrs. C. A. Webber, of Paris, were onBARN BLOWN DOWN. JZJ1I Mr. g. Lee Wainscott. of WinchesDuring the high wind which .prevail- ifl candidate for the DemocraticA meeting of the recently-organizedRed Cross Society was held Saturdaymorning at the Y. M. C. A. Aftertransacting some routine business anadjournment was taken to yesterdaafternoon, when the organization waseffected.Plans are being matured for holding a large card party on Tuesday,April 10, at the Masonic Templewhich will be in charge of the FirstAid Training Class of the Red CrossSociety. A charge of fifty cents foreach player, or $2.00 per table of fourplayers, will be made. This will include refreshments. Reservations fortables and refreslunents may be madewith Mrs. Arthur B. Hancock.HEALTH AND WELFARELEAGUE MEETING.A meeting of the Bourbon CountyHealth and Welfare League will beheld in the County Court room at 2:30o'clock Thursday afternoon. It isearnestly requested that every member who can conveniently do so, bepresent at this meeting.NOTICE TO HOG OWNERS.You are hereby notified to removeall hogs and pigs from within the citylimits of Paris at once. The law hasexpired for the keeping of hogs intown and violators of same will besubject to the .penalty.A. H. KELLER,(3-2t) City Health Officer.Hl Sunday, a big barn on. the farm nomination for State Senator from theof Mr. James Connell, on the Ruddles Bourbon-Clark-Montgomery districtMills pike, was blown down. The was a caller at THE NEWS office yesforce of the wind carried the Umbers terday. Mr. Wainscott was minglingaround like matches, and spread them JfJ 5T W. "enc'sall over the lot. A number of cows Passed Ji shapehad just been driven from the barn. Mrg cassius M. Clay, of Paris, andTwelve- hogs were caught in the gjsterf Mrs. Samuel H. Stone, of Louwreck. A tenant house in the path of iSViiie, were guests Saturday of Mrs.the storm was moved from its founda- w T. Lafferty, in Lexington, who ention, and so wedged with flying Urn- tertained them charmingly at lunchbers from the barn that the tioors eon. They attended the Local Historycould not Tje opened. Department meeting of the Woman'sClub in the afternoon, to hear Judge"GO-TO.SUNDAY SCHOOL lKrt paper. M Stone and MrsrAVf for MAY 6. ay uuve Jic w-.. " -""' weeks' visit in iew lonemm iBBBBHHiaI ELLUiJtaHummuenmaKodak BankActual Size.and theEasLSunday, May 6, will be observed bv'( The Lambda Lambda Chapter otthe churches and Sunday Schools of Tjie Sigma Chi fraternity of the UniKentucky as a State-wide "Go-to-Sun versity of Kentucky celebrated "Found-dav-Schaol-Day"and an effort will be er's Day" with a delightful banquetmade to have at least one million m the Phoenix Hotel at gton. , qnturdav evening. The decorationspersons in attendance during Uieda ta f rity colors, blue andat the Sunday Schools of the State. Dean paul And8rEOn preside-!The object of the day, which was orig j tosatmaster. Among those reinated by the State Sunday School As- ending to the toasts were Hon. E. M.Bociation, is to give larger publicity )jCkson, of Paris, and Stanley Dickto the work of the Sunday Schools of pon of North Middletown, who is atthe State, and to so organize the re- tending school in Benville. AmongHgious forces that they will increase the active memben. o f Uje apteithe enrollment and regular attend- wh -as es bashed in 1893 areance to more than a million persons John P ricea no a pa week. Every home in the State will Vster.be canvassed! by the workers, and the jimons the Alummi present wereGovernor will be asked to lend hi? in- H(m B jH. Dickson, Hiram Boseberry,fluence to the movement by issuing a G c. Thompson, Jr., Lucien Arnsparspecial proclamation. - ,, f . Vger.-Dtwhn CtayHIram-Adair, GeoGet a KodakWithout LettingYour PocketKnow It!Ask for a Kodak Bankand see how easy it isto get a real camera withspare dimesDaugherty Bros. 'PRAINIK & COMPANYTHE RELIABLE STOREo4.nnounceThey Are Now Showing TheSeason's Best StylesINSUITS COATSDRESSESSWEATERSWAISTSSKIRTSNEWESTSilks, Dress Goods,Wash Goods of All KindsTrimmings To MatchALL ARE REASONABLY PRICEDWe Cordially Invite Your InspectionPictorial Review PatternsPRAINK & COMPANYwmiTEWho in any way contributed toward making our Februaryand March Sale the biggest and best sale we have everheld, and also to congratulate them on receiving goodsat such unheard-of bargains at a time when all merchandise is on the advance. We are thoroughly convinced bythe volume of our business during this Big Cash Sale thatthe buying public knows where to secure the best possible advantage for the purchasing power of their dollars,for a very great many have told us that we had the bestprices and the best goods they could find.NOW2-From our Big Cash Sale we have left many odd piecesand these we are going to place on sale atUnheard-of Reductions!If you need an Odd Dresser, Dressing Table, Wardrobe,Chiffonier, Desk or Bed, see those we have to offer you.These Pieces will be Offered for TWOWEEKS ONLY at These Prices. .THEJ.T.HINTOJVCO.MOTOR HEARSEMOTOR INVALID COACH"EIJHERPHONE" 36SIXTH AND MAIN STS.: vPAGEFIY1wn7xSALLUNDERTAKINGTHE BOURBON NEWS, PARIS, &Y.TUESDAY, APRIL 3f 191ft!iH4hur,M;tilSEEK MANY GIRLSJhirty-five Hundred DisappearYearly In New York.WiE-HALF SEEM TO VANISH.Recent Search, For Ruth Crugcr RecallsCase of Dorothy Arnold and Others.Police Assign Among Reasons Family Troubles, Failure at Business, Disappointed Love.New York. B-z-z-z-z-z. It's the telephone on the lieutenant's desk at policeheadquarters."Hello, " " is mis-iag." The lieutenant jots down a fewwords, the description is flashed to every detective headquarters, and thesearch for "another missing person"ia on.Both Cruger, pretty high school girl,was sought by the police. Leaving herhome, happy and contented, she wasswallowed up in the swirl of the greatcity and no clews to her whereaboutsiad been unearthed. Because her family is of prominence and because of herfather's insistence the case was widelydiscussed and given much publicity,feat the case of Ruth Cruger was onlyne of hundreds.Every year there are 3,500 missingpersons in New York, according to police estimates. Most of the missingpersons are girls pretty, happy girls,youthful and of good home training.Tfaey are swallowed in the highwaysand byways of the mammoth city.Most of them never return, and thepublic hears of the disappearance offcst very few.Dorothy Arnold went shopping onFifth avenue one afternoon in 1910.No one saw her leave a certain shopafee entered, and the four corners ofbe globe have been searched for her.Tfaey still seek her.Rnth Wheeler needed a job, and sheanswered an advertisement Her battered little body was found days later,and a ne'er do well, Wolter, was laterpat to death for her murder.The hacked up body of Anna Aumuller was found in the river. Hundredsot anxious mothers and fathers viewedker body, believing it might be theirdaughter. Her slayer was also executed. These are but a few of the hundredsof missing. Why missing? Police aniwer white slavery, lack of courage toface disgrace, failure at business, fainy troubles, broken faith, disappointedlere, wanderlust and the lure of advenre. Do they come back? Police say oftfce 3,500 or more who disappear eachyear perhaps a little more than halfreturn or are found. The other half?They seem to vanish.The telephone bell of the lieutenant'sdesk at police headquarters buzzesanother addition to the hundreds ofMissing.P1TCA1RN ISLAND MAIL.First Dispatch From United States bySteamship Australplain.Washington. For the first time sinceUs colonization in 17S9 by mutineersf the British warship Bounty and TaMtlan women Pitcairn Island, a dot inIke Pacific about midway betweenPanama and New Zealand, Is to receive mail from the United States.The historic event Is announced in theysual dry, formal mail notice ag follows: "Postmaster Morgan advises that theateamshlp Australplain will sail fromjiew York on or about March 15, 1917,;rla the Panama canal for Pitcairn island, being due to arrive there withintwenty-five days of the date of sailing.He issues this notice in order that thejpairons of the postal service may taketvantage of this unusual opportunity.ior the expeditious dispatch of mall,1'iSC the place named."It Is not likely that the mail to Pitcairn island will be a heavy one, sincedy one Pitcairn islander, Miss EmilyMcCoy, has ever visited the UnitedStates to make .friends here. MissMcCoy left the island about fifteenyears ago to study nursing. Probablyshe will be the only person In theUnited States to whom the mail serv.ice to Pitcairn island will be of interest There are about 170 men, womenand children on the island.INDIANS FORCED TO WED.Young Chippewas Rush to Judge toAvoid Arrest.Deer River, Minn. This village wasTisited by a large delegation of youngChippewa Indians from the Bowstringcountry, who came to be married byJastice Cahill, in accordance with theruling he made that he would givethem a week in which to get married'subsequent to ' many arrests by the-sheriff of Itasca county on complaintof the Indian agent at Bena.It is not the Intention of the dejNirtment it is said, to interfere withthe marital rights of the older nativeswho married years ago under triballaws, but it is the younger membersand in most cases the well educated.ones, some of whom have college educations, the department officers arewatching.Twins Run In the Family.Evansville, Ind. The sixteenth birthday of Elsie and Ethel Brady, who arethe second of three pairs of twins ine family, was celebrated at theirhmo at 1 Randall street- The motherf th girls Is'a twin: sister of Mrs.JJera Toaf of Rockport. The young-ir abtors.of Mra.. Brady-areJbfthliiLlKr yTrttfnaf r Tuitrruu fTO. .......Desperate Warriors.It has long been a moot point whethersingle or married men make the beatsoldiers. Some maintain that the lackof wife and family tends to make aman more reckless of his life, thereforea good soldier. Others say that themarried man is almost a veteran whenhe enters the ranks, being inured tocombat, therefore a good soldier. AFrench colonel was once questionedupon Oils point "Both are right," saidhe. "Look yonder! Do you see thatbattalion of happy, devil-may-care fellows? They are all single men, andthey would take their lives In theirhands. But look again! Do you seethose taciturn, somber, gloomy lookingmen there? They are all married, andin a hand to hand fight they are terrors." "What Is the name of the battalion?" asked the inquirer. "They arecalled," said the colonel gravely, "theChildren of Despair!" London Chronicle.Walk For Health.A state board of health advises:"Take time to walk or make time towalk. The pernicious habit of hoppingon a trolley car to go a block or tworobs many of the necessary health preserving exercise they should have.Walk for health!"The recommendation is sound, butwhy should those who ride in automobiles be left out? The inveterate usersof motorcars need to be told to walkmore quite as much as the rest of us.Nowhere is the riding habit easier toacquire than where an automobile is atbeck and call. Even the workers whodeem the trolley car a necessity wouldoften be advantaged by keeping theirnickels in their own pockets and thereby inviting more physical and mentalvigor. We are all sinners when It comesto the failure to keep In touch with theopen. Springfield Republican.Pot and Kettle.There is a proverb much heard nowadays that we never could see the senseof, "The pot can't call the kettle black."Why not, we should like to know? Thekettle is black. It ought to be calledblack. Who has a better right to speakwith confidence about the faults of thekettle than the pot which has for yearshung on the same crane and inhaledthe same smoke? If there is anythingthat would make the pot seem lesssooty in our eyes it is giving us a clearreflection of the image of the kettle.Shall no one point out blackness anywhere unless he knows himself to bespeckless? Would the pot rise in ourest malum if it followed the customof its critics and said, "The kettle iswhite, as white as-I am?" Independent. New York City'e Bridges.Irrespective of the elevated railroadsystem comprising the Second, Third,Sixth and Ninth avenue lines and theelevated portions of the Broadway andLenox avenue sections of the subway.New York city has forty-two bridgesspanning the East and Harlem rivers,Newtown creek and other waterways.These roads over rivers, including theBrooklyn, Manhattan, Williamsburgand Queensboro spans, among the greatest in the world, represent, with thereal estate requisite for their approaches, an investment by the municipality of more than $135,000,000.An Imaginary Interview."Did you say that the times are outof joint?""Yes," replied Hamlet ''You see, Ihave to be content with old time phraseology. If I could have used modernterms I should have said that our engine is missing or that we're runningon a flat tire." Washington Star.Where We Get Marble.We import every year one-sixth of allthe marble taken from the famousquarries of -Carrara, Italy. There areabout COO of these quarries, and theyhave long yielded some of the moatbeautifully grained and toned marbleto be found anywhere in the world.Exchange.A Food Freak.An Italian pig's foot stuffed withham meat looks like a toy. Everythingbut the tail of cord is eaten. This isbut one of many food freaks that onefinds in a visit to sunny Italy.The Whole Bunch.Sunday School Teacher And youhave no brothers or sisters? LittleEdna No, ma'am. I'm all the children we've got.JJirJJSiicJirMsUrJiEi&JSJSMWtJjEttePRACTICAL HEALTH HINT.Grip Germs.The germ of grip grows in themouth, throat and bronchialtubes. It Is spread in the sameway that diphtheria and pneumonia germs are scattered.Grip germs, sometimes lingeri as long as a year in the air pas) sages of those who have had theJg disease. Thev are often found& in Uie bronchial tubes of oon-&& sumptives and of persons who VM suffer from bronchitis. The germ MelX Is easily killed by drying-and in ?& nature does not grow outside "Hi the human body. &There Is usually great carelcss-96 ness about disinfecting the spu-Mf turn of grip vu-tims. The germsare therefore spread everywhere.Me Every care should he taken to1& avoid the germs. The hands.MS dishes and handkerchiefs of aV grip patient should be carefullyMl disinfected.MS Aged and weak persons shouldH be guarded with special careMe from the germs."Army Rifles of Europe.The German Mauser can fire fasterthan any other rifle used by the armiesof Europe. The magazine holds fivecartridges, packed in chargers.The British rifle is the outcome ofthe South African war. It holds tencartridges and is sighted from 200 to2,800 yards.The Italian Mannlicher-Carcano israther slow, discharging but fifteenrounds of shot a minute.The French Lebel is the longest rifle.The tube magazine under the barrelholds eight cartridges. The bullet usedin it weighs 19S grains.The Russian rifle is seven incheslonger than the British. It is capableof firing twenty-four bullets to the minute. The bayonet is always fixed.The Austrian nlle is the lightest of.all, yet its bullet, 244 grain, is theheaviest used by any of the powers. Itis very rapid In action.The Belgian Mauser of 18S9 holdsfive cartridges carried in clips. It cannot be used as a single loader. Itweighs over eight pounds.From the Cellar of Life.Do not be afraid, do not cry out, forlife is good. I came from low down,from the cellar of life, where darknessand terror reign, where man is halfbeast and life is only a fight for bread.It flows slowly there, in dark streams,but even there gleam pearls of courage,of intelligence and of heroism, eventherebeautyand love exist. Everywherethat man is found, good is; in tinyparticles and invisible roots but stillit is there.All these roots will notperish; some will grow and flourish andhear fruit I bought dearly the rightto believe this; therefore it is mine mywhole life long. And thus I have wonyet another right, the right to demandthat you, too, believe as I do, for I amthe voice of that life, the despairingcry of those who remain below andwho have sent me to herald their pain.They also long to rise to self respect,to light and freedom. Gorky in "ThePeasants."Horse Sense.If you work for a man, in heaven'sname work for him. If he pays wagesthat supply you your bread and butter,work for him, speak well of him, thinkwell of him, stand by him and stand bythe Institution he represents. I thinkif I worked for a man I would workfor him. I would not work for him apart of his time, hut all of his time. 1would give an undivided service ornone. If put to a pinch an ounce ot tion of which provides a million dalloyalty is worth a pound of cleverness, lars a year for ten years for the conIf you vilify, condemn and eternally struction of roads in or near the Nadisparage, why, resign your position tional Forests in all the States. Ofand when you are outside roar to your this fund a total of $281,751 has beenheart's content. But, I pray you, so apportioned to California for the fiscallong as you are a part -of an institu- years 1917-18. To provide an adequatetion, do not condemn It Not that you road syBtem for the California Nawill injure the institution not that tional Forests the District Forester atbut when you disparage the concern of oMT1 TTrancisoo has tentatively esti-which you are a part jou disparageyourself. Elbert Hubbard.Colony of Cousins.In Catlin bay, close to the great rockof Gibraltar, there is a colony so uniquethat it stands out almost as a tribe distinct in itself. Many generations ago,during n storm, a fleet of Genoese fishermen put into the sheltered spot andso escaped the fury of the sea. In theboats, so history has it, were many women, and they became so enamored ofthe spot that huts were built and theyremained. Hundreds of years havepassed, and the little tribe still lingerson. It is a colony of cousins, dwellingapart in the shadow of a great rockand going down to the sea in ships toearn a hard won livelihood.All Pleased.A candidate for parliamentary honorscalled upon a Scottish miner and metwith a hearty reception and assuranceof his vote. After his departure thecandidate of the opposite party appeared on the scene and received theminer's reply, "Oh, aye, sir; I'll vote ,for ye." After he had gone the miner's";wife remonstrated with her belovedagainst such behavior. "Never youmind, lassie. Ye see it's like this twaalready gone awa pleased, and when Igang tae gi'e ma vote I'll please masel',and there will be three o' us that'spleased." London Mail.Pathetic.Tramp (to woman) Can you give mesomething to eat, madam? WomanNo; there ain't a thing In the house,an', besides, I've got a couple of lettersto write an' no time to bother. Tramp(pleading) Madam, let me lick thestamps. I can't starve. London Telegraph. Two Definitions of Thrift.Thrift is the handmaiden of independence. It is not related to greedor parsimony and will gladly be yourservantThrift is acquiring something whenyou have nothing, conserving what youalready have and adding to it.Just Reversed.City Girl That hen is acting veryqueerly, just as though she were hatching a plot. Country Maiden On thecontrary, she is plotting a hatch.Baltimore American.May Be Something to 'It."HOW do mil nOPftnnf frf liio rrvont- ?popularity?""Well, I imagine It Is because hedoesn't want to do all the talking."Detroit Free Press.A Sable Philosopher.Ef you can't light a fire on de hills,mebbe you kin stir a blaze in de lowgrounds, an' no matter how little It isde world'll see de flicker. AtlantaConstitution.Make sure of doing one unselfishietd each day, and soon you will beyctlnfufislttahijr;alMjoPAPE'S DIAPEPSINFOR INDIGESTION ORSOUR, ACID STOMACH!ln Five Minutes! No Dyspepsia, Heart-,burn, or Any Stomach (Misery.Sour, gassy, upset stomach, indigestion, heartburn, dyspepsia: when thefood you eat ferments into gases andyou, feel sick and miserable, that'swhen you realize the wonderful acidneutralizing power In Pape's Diapepsin. It makes all such stomach misery, due to acidity, vanish in five minutes. i If your stomach is in a continuousrevolt if you can't get it regulated,please, for your sake, try Pape's Diapep-sin Its so needless to have an acidstomach make your next meal a fav-orite food meal( then take a nttle Dlapepsin. There win not ne any distresseat without fear. It's becausePape's Diapepsin "really does" sweeten out-or-order stomachs that gives itits millions of sales annually.Get a large fifty-cent case of Pape'sDianensin from any drug store. It isthe quickest, surest antacid and stomach relief known. It acts almost likemagic it is a scientific, harmless andpleasant stomach preparation whichtruly belongs in every home. (adv(ROAD BULLETINS FORCALIFORNIA MOTORISTS.WASHINGTON, April 2. Beginningearlv this month the San Franciscoofflce ot- tllQ Forest Service will issueweekly reports on the condition ofthe principal automobile roads in th5National Forests of California. ThisInformation will be obtained from theForest rangers and will be furnishedto newspapers, press associations, automobile clubs, hotels, and other interested organizations, by which it willbe made available to motorists.The twenty National Forests InCalifornia comprise more than 19,500,000 acres of land and contain approximtely 8,600 miles of road. There arein addition 9,500 miles of trail whichmake accessible the more remoteregions. Many of these roads penetrate large stretches of wild mountain country where thousands of people go each summer to escape theheat of the lower valleys.The present roads are to be supplemented by others, made possible bythe Federal Aid Road Act one sec-mated that the construction or repairof 837 miles of road would be required. Of this amount 663 mileswould be in the National Forests andthe remainder in the nearby locali-ties. The roads are intended primarilyfor the purpose of developing the resources of the National Forests, butwould also open up new areas totourist travel.Late Emperor Franz Josef's horsesarfi hauline coal. It'll heln a lot ifthey set a few crowned heads to shov-eling it.However, Eugene Foss can join al-most any old party with the salutation,"Here I am again, boys!"For SaleOne set of dining room furniture, i.ifirst-class condition. Call HomePhone 96, Parts.FOR RENT.Three unfurnished rooms at No. 733Walker avenue. Hot and cold waterand other conveniences. Call HomePhone 339. (jan30-tf)Man Wanted.Man past 30 with horse and buggyto sell Stock Condition Powder inBourbon County. .Salary ?70 permonth. Address 9 Industrial Bldg.,Indianapolis, Indiana.Sewing WantedMrs. Ed. Small, out by the day, orat home, No. 1433 South High Street.Prices reasonable.Maiden Ridge NurseryRICHMOND, KY.We have thousands of first-class apple and peach, which we offer at 12cents each. Other fine stock also.Send for list. No agents.(27-4t) G. L. SMITH, Prop.Correct EnglishHOW TO USE IT.A MONTHLY MAGAZINE,Josephine Turck Baker, Editor.For Progressive Men and Women,Business and Professional; Club Women, Teachers, Students, Ministers,Doctors, Lawyers, Stenographers, andfor all who wish to Speak and WriteCorrect English Special FeatureMonth; Your Every-Day Vocabulary jHow to Enlarge it Sample Copy 10c.Subscription Price $2 a Year.EVANSTON, ILLINOIS.A MAN AND HIS WIFELEVY, THE DRY CLEANERCumberland Phone 40A Bank AccountIs the Gibraltar of the Home! .If you are a man of family yon mnst have a bank account. A BAIflCICCOXTNTT IS THE BTTLWAKK, THE GIBRALTAR, OF YOTTR HOME;It protects yon in time of need.It gives yon a feeling of independence.It strengthens yon.It Is a Consolation to Your Wifeto Your ChildrenFarmers' & Traders' Bankr. P. RISER, President JNO. J. M.CLINTOCK, CashwrWM. GRIMES, Bookkeeper.Sixth and Main Streets Paris, Kyf rtUvJWJtV'"The cost is nothing as compared to theeffective results. One telephone messageaccomplishes more than five letters for meand both customers and salesmen feel asthough they have paid a personal visit tothe office."We have adopted the practice of calling delinquent customers on the Long Distance Telephone. It's more effective thana letter or visit from a salesman. We haveimproved our collections wonderfully by ajudicious use of the Long Distance Bell Telephone." Every Bell-Telephone is a Longr Distance Station-CUMBERLAND TELEPHONEAND TELEGRAPH COMPANYIncorporatedBOX 122, FRANKFORT, KY.Notice To the Public!I will pay this season the mghestprices that have erer been known inParis for horse , hides, beef hides,h'eep pelts and. furs.T will also .pay the higktt marketprice for Rags and Paper. I- will taendafter it any lace,,!n the city ailby Cwnberiand pkeoa 374. Offic on.Bfchth Street .may both derive saiisfactionby having their worn and soiledgarments cleaned by us. Thecost is nominal, while the pleasure of wearing old clothes thathave the appearance of new, iconjunction with the knowledgethat you are effecting a greatving, must surely satisfy you.A phone brings us.Home Phone 1692It Spurs Mento EnergeticEfforts"I use the Long;Distance Telephoneconstantly. It speeds upmy business and spurs,the other men to action because they are brought faceto face with me.Piano Tuning! jSince the death of my father, Mr.J. R. Hanna, well and favorably knowover Paris and Bourbon County 'foryears as an expert piano-tuner, I harssucceeded him in business, and willcontinue( his work. I have been aaeeelated with him since childhood, alI know .what to do. 'Will be in Paris twice a week. Iam factory representative for the Lester Piano. Call or write, jOSCAR P. HANNA, i485 West Sixth St,(2r-tf Lexmctoa, Ky.(30-oct-lyr) MAX MUNICH..!7UESDAYV APRIL 3, liltTHE BOURfiON NEWS, PARIS, KY.Ilk HNo Need To Rub!"""OR stiff sore muscles applyoioan s imminent to tne pain I- or ache, it quickly penetrates,'iJ soothes without rubbing.itumntism, gout, lumbago, neuralgia,fJfi.ns and bruises are quickly relieved by, uso Cleaner and more promptly effec-e than niussy plasters or ointments, itnot stain tne skin or clog the pores.- family medicine chest in thousandsncs has a place for Sloan's Liniment,all druggists, 25c. 50c. and $1.00.mnmTBRITISH TIGERS "CLEANUP" TURKISHARMY.LONDON, April 2. The Britishnny in Palestine has defeated a Turk-sh army ot 20,000 men, capturing 900nson, including a General, the Waroffice announces.The entire divisional staff of the'ifty-third Turkish, division in Pales4,ne has been captured. !The official statement reads: ITelegraphing Wednesday the com-nander-in-chiefin Egypt reports that,-e advanced our troops fifteen milesirom Rafa to the Wadi Ghuzzeh, fiveniles south of Gaza, to cover the con 'miction of a railway. 'On Monday and Tuesday we wereI.eavily engaged in this neighborhoodvilli a force of about 20.00U of the en-my. We inflicted very heavy losses,n him, taking COO prisoners, including-.ho general commanding and the wholedivision of starf of the Fifty-third Tuiish division. This figure includesour American officers and thirty-twoustrians and Germans of other ranks.We also captured two Austrian 4.2-inclilowitzers."All the troops behaved splendidly,especially the troops of the WelshKent, Sussex, Hereford, Middlesex andSurrey regiments and the Anzac andYeomanry mounted troops."UNITED STATES TO LENDITS CREDIT TO ALLIES.WASHINGTON, April 2. SenatorSaulsberry, President pro tem of theSenate and a member of the ForeignRelations Committee, issued a statement last week, saying the UnitedStates should loan its credit to the a1,lies as a first war measure, abrogatethe old Prussian treaties which Germany sought unsuccessfully Jto renewand "do everything we can to bringthe war to an end."Plans to forward farther preparedness measures for the army Thursdaybpgan to assume definite form.How an increased armed force maybe ipromptly secured for the presentemergency as well as universal training as a national policy were discussedby Presedint Wilson with SenatorChamberlain, of Oregon, Chairman o"the Senate Military Committee. Atthe same time Secretary Barker andadministration leader in Congress,considered legislation needed immediately for the military establishment.Senator Chamberlain told the President that he believed the Executivenow has authority without further acuon by Congress to raise at once anarmy of more than 700,000 men, by increasing the rpgular army to warstrength and calling out all of theNational Guard, at war strength, withto-operation from State Executives.There was no intimation that thePresident was considering such a steuimmediately, but the whole field ofmeasures necessary to secure a largerforce was discussed.For present needs the War Departnent, Secretary Baker said, has decided to submit to Congress a budgetcontaining virtually all the same proM'sions as the legular army appropriation bill, which failed at the last session. Senator Chamberlain also agreed toexpedite the bill in the Senate.Unci Sam's Belt.The total area of the canal zone,which hicludes all the land and waterwithin five miles on either side of thecenter lino of the canal, but does notinclude the area withhi the three milelimit on the Atlantic and Pacific endsof the canal, is 441V-: square miles, ofwhich the land area is 3d2.33 squareGERMAN CHANCELLOR ISSUESHYPOCRITICAL STATEMEN'BERLIN, April 2. "Germany never had the slightest intention of attacking the United States of America anddoes not have such intention now. Jtnever desired war against the UnitedStates of America and does not desiremiles. The area of Gatun lake within '":t fco;aay" was the declaration madeiUn n,- :i i:.:. j inn i .m i. Ibv the German Imnerial Chancellor.mv. uv: uiwc uuiii is ivu.- uillUS, LUUarea of Miraflores lake 1.9 miles andthe area of the canal channel itself .S3mile. The area was given in 1911 as44S square miles, which was correct atthat time, but by a treaty proclaimedFeb. IS, 1913, an area of six and onehalf square miles adjoining Panamacity was ceded to Panama in exchangefor two small tracts, one of thetn inthe city of Colon, on which one of thedefense batteries of the canal is situated. The same treaty gave the Panama canal administration control ofall the waters of Gatun lake outside orthe five mile limit and all laud adjoining the lake up to the hundred footcontour line, adding sixtj'-one squaremiles to the 441& miles within thezone, making the area of the canalzone and controlled territory G021.square miles. Christian net-aid.YOU NEED A SPRING LAXATIVE.Br. King's New Life Pills will reimove tne accumulated wasies ol win-jter from your intestines, the burdenof the blood. Get that sluggish springleeling out of your system, brighter.your eye, clear your complexion. Gt, that vim and snap of good purifiedhealthy blood. Dr. King's. New LifePills are a non-griping laxative thar'aids nature's process. Try them tonight.At all druggists, 25c.(adv-mar)SUSPECTED GERMAN SPYATTEMPTS SUICIDEROCHESTER, N. Y., April 2.Adolf Vattes, a German, is under arrest in Geneva on the technical chargeol attempted suicide, pending the arrival there of Federal officers from Buf, falo. The discovery of a letter he hadwritten telling of visits to plants atI Springfield, Mass., and other cities,where he "found conditions all rightand had flashed a notice to the Germanacent for transmission to Mexico," led!to his arrest. Later he attempted tokill himself with a knife. Vattes arj rived in Geneva seven days ago andCHANGES, obtained employment at the automobile school. A search of his persona1Spring brings all kinds of weather effects revealed maps, clippings, photoand with it come colds and the re- graphs and other suspicious docuviral of winter coughs and hoars- ments.ness. Dr. Beirs Fine-rar-tioney winhead off a new cold or stop the oldme, the soothing balsams relieve thesore throat and heal the irritated tissues. Get a bottle to-day and starttreatment at once. At your druggist.25c Formula on the bottle.(adv-mar)By Post.Maurice Maeterlinck, they say, oneday found the little daughter of afriend very busily and conscientiouslyblackening a nice sheet of white paper. IHe asked to whom she was writing."To Prince Charming," said the child.Naturally the reply delighted the author of "The Blue Bird." When thelittle girl had finished her letter sheput the sliect of paper in an envelope,y tne German Imperial Chancellor,Dr. von Bethmaun-Hollweg, in a speechin the Reichstag, Thursday.The Chancellor made important declarations concerning Germany's policytoward the United States and Russia"How did these things develop?"asked the Chencellor in speaking ofthe relations with the United State.-le then .proceeded to answer the question by reviewing the causes which ledup to the German use of submarinesin unrestricted warfare.Declaring that Germany had underi taken unrestricted submarine warfarefor its defense, Dr. von Bethmann-(Hollweg said:! "If the American nation considersthat a cause for which to declare waragainst the German nation, with whichit has lived in peace for more than 100years; if this action warrants an increase of bloodshed, we shall not haveI to bear the burden of responsibility'for it."I Concerning German relations withthe United States the Chencellor.whose speech i reported by the Overseas News Agency (the German officialnews bureau), said:I "Within the next few days the di-' rectors of the American nation will beconvened by President Wilson for anextraordinary session of Congress inorder to decide the question of war orpeace between the American and German nations."Germany never had the slightest inWrote On it "The 1'rillCe Charming" Itentinn nf nitnplHnfr hf United statesand said to Maeterlinck: '0f America and does not have such io-"Please stick a stamp on it and put iention now. It never desired warit in the post'against the United States of AmericaA man to whom the noct was tellins and does not desire it to-daythe storv interrupted him at this noint. t "How did these things develop. More"And what," said he, "did 3'ou doabout it?""Well," said Maeterlinck dreamily, "1stuck a stamp on the envelope, and Iput the letter to the Prince Charmingin the letter box on the corner. Younever can tell." -New York TostBAD COLDSFROMSUDDENRANK FOOLISHNESS.GOULET GIVES $250,000.- :mYou occasionally see it stated thacolds do not result from cold weather.This is rank foolishness. Were ittrue colds would be as prevalent inmidsummer as in midwinter. Themicrobe that causes colds flourishesin rinmn. cold weather. To get ridTO AMBULANCE CORPS.' f OX)ld Ite Chamberlain's Coughi Remedy. It is effectual and is highivNEW YORK, April 2. Robert W. 'reCommended by people who haveioelet, of this city, has made a gift used it or many years as occasion ref $250,000 to the Marjes-Norton Amer cuire(i an(i know its real value. Obcan Ambulance Corps, it was announc ; ajnabie everywhere.-d Wednesday by Eliot Norton, brother j (adv-mar)of Richard Norton, head of the corps. mMore than one hundred motor ambu- UT STRETCHED OUTlances are now beilng operated at the; rxcnvi required HEIGHT.European fronts by the organization.Mr. Goelefs gift, it is understood, is t-ansS CITY MO.. April 2.to be used to organize two additional Y ' h aDT)iied for enWhy Japan Cannot Be Starved.Two of the most interesting sights inTokyo are the fish market at Nihombashl and the Mitsukoshi departmentstore, very near the Billingsgate ofTokyo. Nihombashi is n'ot only thegeographical center of Tokyo, but ofJapan, according to the Japanese, whoought to know. Here is situated whatis probably the largest fish market inthe world. There is every kind of fisha man could mention and a few thousand other varieties. Some big fellowscut up into great steaks, weighing tenpounds or so, and there are little oneswhich would ma"ke good minnow bait,if one could find a hook small enoughnot to mangle them. I think that incertain sections they must use a chamois skin for a fish net and save everything that does not pass through thepores. Until the sea dries up aroundJapan the islands will never starve.Christian Herald.than once we told the United Statethat we made unrestrictefl use of thesubmarine weapon, expecting that England could be made to observe, in herpolicy of blockade, the laws of humanity and international agreementsI This blockade ,policy this I expresslyrecall has been called illegal and indefensible (the Imperial Chancellorj here used the English words) by Preside.nt Wilson and Secretary of StateI ansing. Our expectations, which wemaintained during eight months, havebeen disappointed completely. Englandnot only did not give up her illegal andindefensible policy of blockade, but uninterruptedly intensified it. Englandtogether with her allies, arrogantly rejected the peace offers made by us andour allies and proclaimed her waralms, which aim at our annihilationand that of our allies."Then we took unrestricted submarine warfare into our hands; wehad to for our defense."If the American nation considersthis a cause for which to declare waragainst the German nation, with which( it has lived in (peace for more than 100' j ears, if this action warrants an in' crease of bloodshed, we shall not haveto bear the responsibility for it TheGerman nation, which feels neitherhatred nor hostility against the United States of America, shall also bearand overcome this."DEAFNESS CANNOT BE CUREDOthers Have Had the Same Desire.Two high school girls came into thecriminal courtroom a lew uays agoJust after a case bad been tried and LfnTZ1the iurv had been locked up in the 'L. , , ....... Aesections of forty men each.WHEN TO TAKErrilistment with the Third Missouri mfound to be one men looa nairfantry, wasSaMBERLAIN'8 TABLETS 'fort of the required height. ,When you feel dull and stupid aftereating.When constipated or bilious.When you have a sick headache.When you have a sour stomach.When you belch after eating.When you have indigestion.When nervous or despondent.When you have no relish for yourmeals.When your liver is torpid.Obtainable everywhere.(adv-mar) ,Professional Cards.Bourbon Building &Loan AssociationFIRST NAT'L BANK BUILDINGIN REAR OF BANKEntrance on Fourth Streetnn fniflrdsmen volunteered to bring'Wheeler up to requirements and afteran hour's massaging ana roning, uu,applicant was again brought before theexamining physician. He was accepted. . , A .Wheeler's stature was said to havebeen decreased as a result of carrying sacks of cement.SPRING COLDS ARE DANGEROUS.cdrtmi oliantres of temperature and! underwear bring spring colds with' tutted up head, sore throat and gen-oral cold symptoms, a uuse ui -Tr.-or'cMow nisnoverv is sure relief.!This happv combination of antiseptichrdsams clears the head, soothes theI. ..! Lrnnno OTtrl WIUlL miCllthave been a lingering cold is broke .up ' Don't stop treatment when relieis first felt as a half cured cold iuJLJ Toiro Dr. Kins NewUdllgCl uua- am.wDiscovery till your com is buu.(adv-mar)jury room for deliberation."May we listen to this case?" one ofthe girls asked an officer of the court."They just finished the case," repliedthe official, "and the jury is now debating what its verdict should be.""May we go and listen to the jurydebate?" they asked.And then the official enlightenedthem on one phase of the jury system.Indianapolis News.The Word Umbrella.The English word umbrella is verylike the Latin, coming through the.Italian "ombbrella," or "little shade."The French, German, Spanish and others give it a distinctive name, such as"parapluie," "regenschirm" and "paraguas." "Umbrella1' and "parasol" are etymologically precisely the same thing,but custom has given them the distinctions that we understand today.Thfire is onlv one way to cure aeat-Tess, and that is by constitutionalremedies. Deafness is caused by aninflamed condition of the mucous lining of .the Eustachian Tube. Whenthis tube is inflamed you have aj rumbling sound or imperfect hearing,and when it is entirely closed, deafness is the result, and unless the in-'fiammation can be taken out and thistube restored to its normal condition,hearing will be destroyed rorever;mnA rases out of ten are caused byCatarrah, which is nothing but an inflamed condition of the mucous surfaces. We will give One Hundred Dollarsfor any case of Deafness (caused bycatarrh) that cannot be cured byHall's Catarrh Cure. Send for circulars, free.F. J. CHENEY & CO.,Toledo, Ohio.Sold by Druggists, 75c.Take Hall's Family Pills for constipation, (adv-mar)Poison Upon Their Cheeks.Professor M. P. Philbrick of theUniversity of Washington told theWashington State Philological societythat women of the seventeenth century powdered their cheeks with corrosive sublimate (bichloride of mercury) and with white lead.REVOLT INSPAINSAID TO::BE LIKELY.DR. WM. KENNEYEye, Ear, Nose and Throat.ROOMS 403-404.FIRST NAT'L BANK BUILDING.PHONE 136.ALLIES TELL US THEIRM SECRETS OF WAR.perfumed their gloves with ambergris.WASHINGTON, April 2. A revolutionary movement wliich resulted inthe calling of a general strike, was directly responsible for the suspensionThursday by Spain of constitutionalAnd they ( guarantees, according to an official dis-Good Likeness."Did Miss Sourgirl have her photographs taken yesterday?""Yes.""Good likeness?""Yes; must have been, for she refused to have them and demauded another sitting! ' Exchange.natch received to-day by AmbassadorItlano from Madrid.The government has arrested thesieners of the strike manifested, and is(said in the dispatch now to be relyingupon the "common sense" of worKmen?nd the effectiveness of the measurestaken to preserve public order. Thecountry was quiet at the time the dispatch was sent.WM, GRANNANAitorneyatLawROOMS 401-402.FIRST NAT'L BANKBUILDINGPILES! PILES! PILES!WILLIAMS' INDIAN PILE OINTMENT"Will cure Blind, Bleedlnjr and g Hes.5t absorbs the tumors, aUa ys itching at once,acta a? a poultice, gives instant reuei.For sale by all druggists, mail 50c and fl.00.WILLIAMS yFG.CC, Pr.,Ocvekd, OhioOBERDORFER, The Druggist.LONDON, April 2.-The secretsof war, learned by the Allies at acost of millions of men and billions intreasure, have been given to the Unit-edTh,el American State, War, Navy,Treasury. Agricultural and Labor departments have been fully advised ofthe dimcuiues me .!:. "'" -were required to meet and of the pitfalls that entrapped them.Ambassador Page already has forwarded to Washington an extensive re-port on ureat uriiauia ."...-mistakes.HOW TO PREVENT CROUP.When the child is subject to attacks of crou,D, see to it that he eatslight evening meal, as an overloaded stomach may bring on an attackiso watch for the first sympomshoarseness, and give Chamberlain'iCoueh Remedy us soon as the chilebecomes hoarse. Obtainable everyxrhere' .- (adr-mar)A Shrub and a Tree.Southern California boasts one native species af acacia, the cat's claw(a. greggii), which is but a shrub inthat state, but becomes a tree in Arizona. It bears small pale yellow flowers and an abundance of very sharpthorns.-t-Argonaut.OPPORTUNITY!Mr. R. F. Clendenin, Associate General Agent forthe Northwestern Mutual Life Insurance Company, inone day recently, sold SlOfyOOO worth of life insurancsover local and long distance lines of the Home TelephoneCompany and because of such an amount of businessaccumulated in one day, he divides the honors with usfor the efficient telephone service rendered. This is asplendid record for both Telephone and Insurance Companies. Mr. Clendenin says; "The service I get from yourCompany is-all that I could ask, and on the closing dayof my campaign I used it with wonderful success.' 'Such an opportunity in facilitating business shouldbe grasped by the public in general in employing co-operation,efficiency and confidence.Paris Home Telephone 8 Telegraph Go.(Incorporated)J. J. VBATCH, .District Manager.W. H. CANNON, THOMAS K. -UMITH,Equipment Manager. Cashier.If you men want to make an investment that will make you from 23 to1 OO per cent profitCome In and Buy AnOvercoat For Next YearWe only have about 50 Overcoats,and the prices have been cut unmercifully. Sizes 34 to 44. Styles willbe good for next season. Saturdaywill be a good day to give them the"once over.Spring Suits, Shirts, Hats, etc., arriving daily. We give Blue TradingStamps.TWINClothing and Shoe Depf.BROS.L. Wollstjin, PropBourbon LaundryDWIS & FUNK, Props.Telephone No. 4. West 5 StreetSatisfaction is OnrWatchwordWith all the latest improvements in laundryappliances and experthelpers we are preparedto do work inferior tonone, and solicit yourpatronage.Bourbon Laundry,Paris Kentucky.1I ttt'i''l'I"Ii'I''lliW"'M"Ii'I"I'I"I"I"I"I"I"riI'iI'iI''I'iIiliX"lliiti44iSIGNS OF GOOD DIGESTION.Early Paper.When paper was first made in England, in 13SS, it was only of a browncolor, and it was not until about 1C90that white paper was produced, andeven then it was of inferior quality.XZAgeWhen you see a cheerful and happynld lady you may know that she hac-nnrf digestion. If vour digestion Ss iimpaired or if you do not relish youmeals take a dose of Chamberlain'sTablets. They strengthen the stomach, improve the digestion and cause,a gentle movement of the bowels, obtainable everywhere.(adv-mar)ncySTACY - ADAMSSHOESTHE ST. LOUIS GETS BY.Settled Him.He But you say yourself that yourfather is anxious to get you off hisbands. Slip Yes: that's why I don'tthink he'll listen to you. Boston Transcript. A man'j task Is always light if hteheart Is light Wallace.WASHINGTON, April 2. ThoAmerican liner St. Louis, first armedAmerican ship to cross the Atlantic,has arrived safely at her destinationSecretary Daniels announced Monday.Information as to the arrival of thesteamer came to the Navy Departmentfrom the offices of the American linein New York. The company wished tomake known the fact to relieve theanxiety of those having relatives orfriends on the vessel. Secretary Daniels apporved such action.No details of the trip were given inthe company's report.$7-o and $7-5Take Advantage of These Prices -and Save Money.I HARRY LINVILLE1 i ! at, t, ii ti r 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 t t 1 1 1 J-T-rH-T...T..M. t-mmmniMIV,TUESDAY, APRIL 3 117.fhree-vear-nlr? inn nf "MV qywI Xrai .HftVftiritMs'VtMILLERSBURGmr. james nowara is quite 111 wun , BLAKEMOREstomach trouble. m,Mrs. Ada McClintock returned Fri-i " The funeral of Mrs. William R.ky from a visit to relatives at Paris 'Blakemore, who died at her home onMrs. J. D. Calhoun has returned East Eighth street, in' this city, Prlafter a visit to friends at Lexington, day afternoon after an illness of sev-Mr. R, M. Caldwell returned Sat-'eral weeks, was held at the residencelu-day after a week's sojourn in Cin- on Saturday afternoon, at four o'clock.k t? n t.m clpf AT5oo with services conducted by Rev. Dr.Mrs. R. C. Jones and sister, Miss , . ,. , ... -Xath McClintock, have returned from Frank J- Cheek' of Danville, formerlytrip to Cincinnati. pastor of the Paris PresbyterianMr. W. M. Vimont, of Maysville. church,nas at the bedside of his sister, Miss I After the services the body, accomJTorence Vimont, Sunday. Ipanied by the funeral party, wasMrs. W. A. Munzing, of Maysville. tn to Louisville, wHere the interarrived Sunday at the bedside of her ment was heW in the Cave Hm Ceme.meter, imss v lorence imuiu,Miss Florence Vimont left Mondavr St. Joseph Hospital, at Lexington,tfhere she will be under treatmentMr. and Mrs. R. C. Bonar and littie daughter. Louise, relumed Sundayafter a few days' visit to relatives atFalmouth.Miss Elizabeth Miller, of Transy1-Sandav with her mother, Mrs. Elizaoth Miller, and family.Misses Martha Smith and AlbertaKoilett have returned to their dutiesat Georgetown College, after spendingthe week-end at their homes.-Mrs. Robert Stockley and daugl-home at Cvnthiana, after a few dawiMr' and Mrs" Blakemore m toifiit with her sisters Mesdames G Chicago, where they resided several1. Hill and Margaret Powell.The protracted meeting which hasboen in progress at the Presbyterianemzren lor tne past two weeKs, cioo -ed Sunday night. Rev. Wilson delivered powerful discourses and largocrowds heard him every night.fcAINT AND FLOWERS ASCONSERVERS OF HEALTHA merry heart," s-aid Solomon,"doeth good like a machine," and aboutiho greatest discovery modern medial science has made is that Solomontcitid thi truth when he said it.Tvre not onlv feel well because we!axe well; we also are well because wepviio made a wide circle ot menus,feel well. Whatever promotes cheer ,whom she was held in high esteemJulness and contentment promotes j for her many womanly qualities.Kood health. The man with pleasantthings to listen to "and look at, other FOWLER.things being equal, will have better The funeral of Mrs. Maggie M.iealth than the man who must hearsmd see unpleasant things.It is no flight of fancy or stretch ofthe imagination, therefore, to say thatlho farmer who gets the grass togrowing in his front yard; who plantsshade trees and flowers and shrub-bery; who paints his house and makesit attractive, is helping in a very realway to keep himeslf and his familycheerful and well.Roses and honeysuckles may be aseffective health agents as fly screens&ad ditching spades. Paint may do asmuch as disinfectants to keep the chil-dren merry and strong. Keeping wellis something more than avoiding sick- She had been ill for about a year with ( the site of the impressive Memorial .weaiths 'Attorney Victor Bradlev reness. The man, whose home surround 'pulmonary tuberculosis. Hall erected near Hodgenville, Ky , 'flirnpf1 fr ti1plr t,nmocins are such as to make mm teei i ucoluco "C1 uuauauu " IO au,yn'ubad" every time he sees them cannot D-v one son Bartlet Fowler; her fap AYPnPotPfi tn kPcn well. It is doubf- ther, Mr. George W. Morrow; fourul if he is ever really well.' im nn tlir. naint this sn'rinir aneacourage the grass and the flowers to t01l Mrs- Frank Donaldson, of Hamp i The Commission for Relief in Belcrow about your home. You will be den Junction, Ohio, and Miss Pinkie gium, 120 Broadway, New York, an-growGl3i healthier andhappier for it.A GOOD RESOLUTION, BUTThe Tennessee Legislature has pass- jCid a resolution reciting the harm,ocae by forest fires and urging the cit- sixty-two, died at her home in Win- Commission for Relief in Belgium of' wens of the State to retrain from set-! Chester, Friday night, of apoplexy. the withdrawal of diplomatic and retin woodlands on fire, to extinguish j She had been a confirmed invalid for lief officials from Belgium, Mr. Hughlorest fires and to be careful about let about fourteen years. Mrs. Green Gibson, until last years First Secretarydug fire escape from control. Iwfs tlle wife of Rev- w w- Greell 'of the American Legation at Brussels.This is good indeed as far as itjpoes. The damage done by forest fireis greater than most .people evedream, and the man who recklesslystarts a fire to sweep through the"woods is a public enemy. But what"makes me to wonder" is whetherthe Legislature can do nothing moraeffective than to adopt a resolution.THE LEXINGTON RACES.The executive committee of theKaitucky Thoroughbred Associationdecided Saturday at its meeting toiave seven races daily at the springmeeting in Lexington, which will begin on April 2S and last until May 10Added money for the purse races-will average ?600.It "was decided that there would bea. general cutting down on the numdot of complimentary badges issuei.ThP rnnsnn fnr this is thnt the excise 'ax is expected to necessitate greaterreceipts.KENTUCKY PRESS ASSOCIA- J Miss Knight formerly resided inTION TO MEET APRIL 13. Bourbon county, at the home of Mr.( I Ben Wood, near Hutchison. SheChairman Woodson May, of Somer jhad been in poor health for some time,sot, has issued a call for a meeting of 'and about two years ago was takentlie executive committee of the Ken I to the hospital, where she remainedlucky Press Association to be held at .to the time of her death. She wathe Phoenix Hotel in Lexington on j an orphan, her parents having didApril 13, at 11 o'clock, for the purpose , when she was a young woman.of discussing the time and place for Jholding the mid-summer meeting of. PEDDICORD.tlie association and the transaction oi j The funeral of Mrs. Eliza Peddiother important business. The mem- cord, aged seventy-one, who died atbers of the committee are: Woodson j her home near Lair, Thursday, wasHay, Somerset, chairman; B. F. For-. held at the family residence at Lair,gey, Independent, Ashland; R. L Saturday morning at eleven o'clock,Iftin, Record, Lancaster; B. B. Co- witn services conducted oy itev. b. iatoe, News, Shelbyville, and J. Nail j Burgess. The burial followed in BatLaRue, Favorite, Franklin. tie Grove Cemetery at Cynthiana. Thej pall-bearers were: I. N. Monson, Geo.EXPERIMENT STATION TO Moreland, John Burns, Luther Endi-FURNISH HEMP SEED.cott, Samuel Arnold and Williamj Sparks.Prof. H. Garman announces that the Mrs Peddicord was the widow of Mr.Kentucky Experiment Station has on Jkand small packages of an improved'Tariety of hemp seed for free distribu-tion. to farmers who will grow tneB&me with the view of getting a starLLftet spring the ExperimentStationof thesz&de a similar distributionatac variety of hemp seed., DEATHS.ier-v' the commitment services at theiae uei" Buuuuweu u BV- r.David M. Sweets, of Louisville. Theipall-bearers were B. M. Renick, ChasA. Webber, T. Hart Talbott, John JWilliams, R. E. Shea and Dr. Charle-3JG. Daugherty.Mrs. Blakemore was the youngest.daughter of the late Mr. and Mrs. Jos.Neely. who preceded her to the grave a farm near Fairview, Ky., is to bemrmv vonr h wc n cict0. fLri,0,i i- o i ' ' -,",:..,.many years ago. She was a sister of......... -w.w viqw. J'iv. . n uiutv,! vj.Mr. Robert J. Neely, who died sveeraiyears ago. She was married to Mr.i Blakemore in Paris, on Januarv 3,im g, u aft u , marriageyears. Upon their return here MrBlakemore went into the clothing bus-J iness with Mr. Wallace W. Mitchell,.aiid has been a resident of Parissince., Mrs. Blakemore is survived by herhusband, Mr. William R. Blakemore,two sisters, Mrs. Wallace W. Mitch-!ell and Mrs. John A. Lyle, of Parin,and a half-brother, Mr. Samuel Neely.of Cape Girardeau, Mo .Mrs. Blakemore was a devoted mem-!ber of the Paris Presbyterian church,having become a member of thatnomination in early youth. She was Iwoman of pleasing personality, one,, Fowler, aged thiry-nine, who died a t'tention of beginning work on the foun,the home of her husband, Mr. Benja-: dation this spring.min Fowler, near Clintonville, at four The monument will be an obelisk ofo'clock, Sunday morning, was held at limestone and concrete 351 feet high,2:30 o'clock 'yesterday afternoon, with the tallest with the exception of theservices conducted at the grave in the t Washington monument of any otherClintonville Cemetery, by Rev. R. H. shaft of the kind in the world. The' Ellett, assisted by Mr. Newton Shrop base will be forty-three feet squareshire. The pall-bearers were Virgil with a room eighteen feet square in, Gaitskill, Harry Harp, Frank Bedfordj Kelly Haley, L. V. Plagan, J. L. Mar-ders, James McDonald and Dr. W. C.( Worthington.Mrs. Fowler was a daughter of Mr.and Mrs. George Morrow, of nearClintonville, ana was born in IS 8 -sisters, iurs. joun iuaruers ana mrsRufus McWhorters, both of Lexirfg-Morrow, of Clintonville; and onebrother, Mr. John Henry Morrow, ofthe county.irsuu.niu.i. Qn kejng asked to give his 'opinionSarah Catherine Green, ageJ,afl to thfi effect on thG ,vork of th.iui";i. " "" " imcui.oi wmcnesier auoui sen nionins, "The feading of the children of Belcoming there from Cjnthiana. Th3Lium must continue. Withdrawal ofjbody was taken to Cynthiana, Satur-day, and the burial took place in thecemetry at Oddville, in Harrisoncounty, yesterday afternoon.Mrs. Green is survived by threedaughters, Mrs. David Brown, of Indianapolis, Ind.; Mrs. Lee Woodard, ot"Dayton, Ohio; and Mrs. Dimmitt Hentlerson, of Germantown, Ohio; fivabrothers, one of whom, Mr. GeorgeCrump, lives in Bourbon county, asdoes another sister, Mrs. Thomas Hubbard. Mrs. Green was an aunt, ofMrs. John Doty, of Paris, who attended the funeral and burial yesterday.KNIGHT.The body Qf Miss Viola Kniglitaged thirty-five, who died in a Lexiugkn hospital last week, was broughtto .fans for interment Friday in theParis Cemetery. Services' were conducted at the grave Friday morning aieleven o'clock by Eld. J. T. SharrardJohn Will Peddicord, who died abouta year ago. She is survived by onedaughter, Mrs. W. B. Moore, of Cyn-thiana, and one son, Mr. William Ped-.dicord, of Lair.HUGHES.The funeral of J. Edward Hughes. IPari T7nViao trrViw AteA Dn(ni. ....jmi iAUftuto, rviA iuou puiiuuajr muniing at the home of his parents, onthe Cane Ridge pike, near Paris, washeld at two o'clock Sunday afternoon,with services conducted at the gravein the Paris Cemetery by Eld. W. E.Ellis, pastor of the Paris Christianchurch.RATLIFF.Mr. W. Berry Ratliff, of Carlisle,aged twenty-six, well-known in Paris,died at the Good Samaritan Hospital,in Lexington, Sunday morning at 1:30o'clock. He was the son of Mr. Wallace B. Ratliff, of Carlisle, with whomhe had been associated in the wholesale grocery business.Mr. Ratliff was a graduate of theUniversity of Michigan in the Col-iege of Engineering. He had planned;to go into the engineering businesssoon in Detroit. The body was takento Carlisle, Sunday morning.MONUMENT TO BE ERECTEDON JEFFERSON DAVIS FARMThn llf lmlnnn nf T- rtV-tm T :., ..mimk. iiiHuv,e ui "cuciauil V li, Ull'marked by a great limestone obelisk.iuiw ivuu u , f,IV,tll, lIUltDtDllt; UtllillHK.: according to plans which Confederal oveterans are now trying; to bring tocompletion.A tract of twenty-two acres nearFairview, which originally formed apart of the farm upon which JeffersonDavis was born was acquired severalyears ago by Colonel A. S. Cunningham, of Nashville, Tenn., publisher ofthe "Confederate Veteran," and General Bennett H. Young, who was fourtimes elected commander-in-chief ofthe United Confederate Veterans. Theyraised about $20,000, converting th-itract into the Jefferson Davis Park,and it is upon a summit of this parkthat it is proposed to erect the monument. General George W. Littlefield.j of Austin, Texas, announced that hede-!will guarantee an amount sufficient toinsure the completion of the projectif others would assume a fair shareand General Julian S. Carr, of DurhamN. C., has agreed to assume a furtherlarge share of expense. In the meantime, a campaign for further funds isin progress, and designs for the monument have been prepared with the inthe interior for the storing of relicsIt is planned to have the shaft completed some time early in the comingautumn and to, dedicate it October 22,1917.The site of the monument is onlyafter the Deaver case had been disabout 100 miles, as the crow flies, fromover the cabin in which Abraham Lincoln was born.BELGIAN RELIEF WORK.nounces the receipt of a cable staling.'that another relief steamer had arrivedhn Rotterdam, passing through theI German blockade unmolested.telegraphed as follows:diplomatic officials and of workers ofthe Belgian Relief Commission will nothinder nor disturb the distribution or.food supplies. The Dutch authoritiesand Relief Committees who are takingover the work of the Belgian ReliefCommission are competent and understand the situation and are certain tocarry on the work with efficiency."Mr. Gibson, owing to his long residence in' Brussels, both before and after the declaration of war, and hispresent position as First Secretary tothe American Embassy at London, isparticularly well qualified to give authoritive judgment on this matter.GOOD ROADS ANDPERISHABLE PRODUCTSEvery man who has anything tptake to market is interested in goodroads, but the man who has perishableproducts has a special interest. Everyreader who will have strawberries o'1peaches or tomatoes or any similarproduct of short life and small capacity to resist jolts knows that hemust get his product to market justas soon as it is marketable, and alsothat he must get it there in goodshape if he would get a good price forit. If the roads are so muddy that hecannot get to town his stuff spoils onthe farm. If thoy are so rough th2produce is shaken up and bruised, it.is spoiled on the road.The fruit grower and the truckershould be good roads enthusiasts ofthe most enthusiastic type.POSTMASTER PANE WILLRECEIVE RECRUITS FOR NAVYEvery postmaster in the country na recruiting officer for the UnitedStates navy and the young men whowant to anhwer Secretarv Daniel's an-peai for men by enlisting should cal'nn Postmaster j. Waiter Pnvne at thelocai postoffice, who will see that theyreach a navy recruiting station prop-erly. It is expected that there will hemany Bourbon county men who willanswer their country's call at thistime of great emergency.MATRIMONIAL. 1FISHER HENRY.A marriage license was erantedyesterday by County Clerk Pearce Easter eSS hunt on Saturday afterPaton to Miss Ruby Fisher, daughter noo,at tlle home of Mr. and Mrs. C.of James Fisher, of near Ruddles Mills, 0 Hmton n Main street, betweenand Mr. Arthur N. Harney, of the Eleventh znd Twelfth streets. Every-same vicinity.BOYD WILSON.At the Lenox Methodist Church,in Memphis, Tenn., last week, MissGertrude M. Boyd, daughter of Mrs.I Charles C. Boyd, of Mt. Sterling, wasmarried to Mr. August S. Wilson, sonof Mr. J. T. Wilson, of Little Rock.Bourbon county.The bride had been visiting her sister, Mrs. Keller Heaton, at Memphis,where she was joined by Mr. Wilson, week, conducted by "Mr. Glenn Murall the details of the ceremony having dock, State Adult Superintendent ofjbeen arranged before her departure,Mr. and Mrs. Wilson, after a shortvisit to friends and relatives in Mem -1ile ,l TVTf ctli 1 i."n?o VfVi w-V 7 ohome of Mr. Wilson, near Little Rock,I ...t- j .11wherethey will make their futurehome.BIRTHS.To the wife of Deputy PostmasterWilliam Cooper, at their home onVine street, Friday, a handsome ninepound son..STOCK, CROP, ETC.4Mr. J. C. Howard, of near Jacksonville, sold a fine draft mare last weekfor ?210.Mr. J. R. Gallegher, of Flemingsburg, leased the show horse and sireRoosevelt, 2203, from John T. Collins& Son, of North Middletown.Mr. Walter S. Meng, of near NorthMiddletown, recently purchased abrood sow at the Duroc sale held arLima, Ohio, by Mr. Charles FSprague, for -which he paid ?205.Mr. L. T. Anderson, of the Point-au-ViewStock Farm, near Maysvillehas sold Sport King to Myron HenryOppenheim, of New York, for $2,000.The gelding will be exhibited at al1the horse shows throughout the country.CIRCUIT COURT ADJOURNS.The March term of the Bourbon Circuit Court closed Saturday aftnrnnnn'0,i nf Tllf1ro Cfrtllf ,, nnm ,A'fmRr,tfm)S.waf:in white,ble shades,styleswmRELIGIOUS. .T !The Juvenile Missionary Societyot ine Meuiodist Church will give an! Jl -mm- . , .uouy invited. Admission, ten cents.Rev. J. Gray McAllister, of Louisville, preached to the congregation ofthe Paris Presbyterian church, at thecourt house, Sunday morning andevening. The sacrament of the Lord'?Supper was administered at the morning service.Meetings in the interest of theAdult Departments of the BourbonCounty Bible Schools were held in dif-ferent sectionsof the county thisi tne Kentucky Christian Bible School-o-fcHuciauon. a meeting was hem atiL'lule Rock, Sunday morning; at Es-condida, Sunday afternoon; at Bethlehem, Sunday evening, closing withquarterly conference held in Paris iyesterday. All the meetings wereilargely attended, and much interestwas manifested in the work.Mr. Thomas B. Talbott, forraelv ofParis, Home Mission Superintendent 'and Sunday School Missionary of the!West Lexington Presbytery, has returned from Quicksand, Ky., where hewent to arrange for the organization Ola Presbyterian congregation and Sabbath school in the growing town. Rev.C. G. Gunn, .pastor of the Presbyterianchurch at Jackson, will institute thenew churcli and school in conformitywith the plan outlined by Mr. Talbott.OptometryPronounced Op-tom-e-try,withthe accent on the second syllable,is the SCIENCE of measuringthe refractive media of the eye,and where error exists prescribing glasses that will bend therays of light so they will focusupon the retina of the eye, stimulating the rods and cones, restoring your vision to normal.We are graduates of this SCI- jENCE and especially invite youto call and see us if you havetrouble with faulty vision. Con-!sulfation free.FRYE & FRANKLINDoctors of OptometryDowBIdg., opp. Windsor HotelUP WITH,J&-TVThe largest and most completedisplay of beautiful Easter Footwear ever offered now readyfor you. AH the new noveltiesgrey, Russ. tan and otheras vell as the moreAt ONE-HALF the Price You Payour Method of merchandising Cuts YourShoe Cost! Experienced shoe men buyingin unlimited quantities for our large chain ofstores for spot cash assures you of the bestin shoes at lowest possible prices.DAN COHBNPARIS. KYDeliciousJuicy Meats!VEALPORKCHOPSSTEAKSThe' Best Roast Beefand Breakfast Bacon inthe World.WILMOTHGrocery Co.Phone 376Get YourEaster DinnerFromMflRGOLEN'SSanitary Market.Lamb? Veal,Young Pig Roastand Fancy BeefA Full Line olFruits andVegetablesCALL UPMflRGOLEN'SFirst Class Meat Market.k?Jfc-fashionaconservativer4Elsewhere!HAXruuscsuswirrSmjw&K.yfrH'