t A'' ;THE BOURBON NEWSPUBLISHED EVERY -TUESDAY AND FRIDAY IN THE YEAR.VOLUME XXXVIIPARIS, BOURBON COUNTY, KENTUCKY, FRIDAY, MAY 18, 1917A REPUBLICFOR GERMANY?!PROCRAM POR HbCROKv gQQ ggjpSPECIAL REGISTRATION MONDAY IFOR SCHOOL BOND ISSUEnwttummowHMiBY THE POLICEat Interurban Station.Saturday, May 19. 2:30 d. m. Pa-'rade of soldiers, Red Cross nurses, jschool children, boy scouts, Knights1Templars, Knights of Pythias, RedSuch is the Demand of the Crof chapter, etc. Two Trunks Containingo i- . T j . .i AH Persons interested in the sue-1 ---. . . . ,socialist Leader in the cess of the local Red cross chapter! Whisky laken in ChargeG Dr-Lef-- are requested to join the parade and Ierman iveicnsiag. ; march. Parade will assemble at the'fudiic library at 3 p. m., promptly.!Please be on time. Procession will iBERLIN, via London, May 17. The march to the Y. M. C A. building, then Two trunks, suspected of containingSocialist leader, George Ledebour, de- down Main street to the court house, contraband, namely, red liquor, ship-clared in the Reichstag that it was where short addresses will be deliver- iped from Lexington to David Alexan-isaposslble for Germany to win a war ed by Mr. E. M. Dickson and Mr. der, Paris, over the Interurban linesof subjugation and expressed the con- Reuben Hutchcraft At the conclusion from Lexington, were seized by Chiefviction that a revolution must hap- the registration tent will be open to of Police Link and Police Judge-Jan-jKm in Germany as it had happened in the public, and it is hoped that 2,- uary, Wednesday morning, and the con-Jlussia. 000 new members will be enrolled. tents confiscated."Wo shall propose a constitutional Sunday is Red Cross Sunday, and Chief Link had received a private tipcommittee," he said, "to take prepara- will be observed at all the churches that the liquor had been shipped fromtory steps in the direction of introduc- with appropriate exercises. In the af- Lexington, and that it would be calleding a republic in Germany" ternoon the cornerstone of the new for at the interurban station. He se-Presbyterian church will be laid, and cured the co-operation of Judge Janu-WASHINGTON, May 17. General patriotic songs will be sung. ary, and the trunk was opened at thedebate on the $1,800,000,000 war rev- Monday is registration day for the station. In it were found about twosnue bill closed after five days of dis- women of Paris and Red Cross com- hundred bottle of different sizes andmission and Democratic Leader mittees will be in attendance at each several large tins containing whiskeyJCitchin predicted a final vote would voting precinct to receive the names and gin.be reached Saturday. of any who wish to become members. Shortly after the wet goods had beenThe bill will be opened to amend- Tuesday and Wednesday will be confiscated George Ayers, colored, dri-went under the five-minute speech spent in organizing subordinate chap- ver of a delivery wagon, appeared atrales and a flood of proposed changes ters in the county. 'the station and presented checks forprobably will be offered. Thursday, at the Alaamo theatre, the trunk, which he stated to the offi-Vigorous fight will be made against "Womanhood" will be shown, and the cials, had been given to him by twothe excess profits income, the auto- Red Cross Chapter will receive five colored imen who got off the car atjwobile taxes and the proposed in- cents for each ticket they sell. Buy Fourteenth street, saying they werecreased rates on second-class mail. your tickets from the Red Cross head- going to the Louisville & Nashvillequarters in the vacant store room, station to get tickets for Knoxville,LOUISVILLE, KY., May 17. Ac- next to the Bourbon garage. Tenn. The men had purchased theircording to the statement of a naval Friday possibly a demonstration in tickets, but when informed by Ayersofficer made to a Kentucky official, canning will be given by an expert of the seizure of the trunks, securedrecently returned from Washington, from State University under the au- a return of the money paid for theirmilitary circles there regard it as spices of the Home Damonstration tickets and went back to Lexington,probable that a contingent of the Na- club, but as this has not been defi-1 David Alexander, colored, giving Lex-tional Guard will be the first to go to nitely arranged, notice will be given ington as his residence, next appearedFrance. One of the reasons advanced in Tuesday's issue of THE NEWS. on the scene, and claimed the trunk.is that the guardsmen, fresh from jn order to facilitate recruiting for saying that it had been shipped to himA special registration will be heldMonday, May 21, in the city of Paris,for the purpose of registering allvoters, male and female, who desire tovote on. the question of issuingschool bonds.The women of Paris will be calledon to vote with the men for the issuance of the proposed school bonds, ata special election, to be held at thevoting precincts in the city, on Saturday, June 2.The present capacity and equipmentof the schools is inadequate. TheBoard of Education recently went before the City Council asking for theissuance of bonds amounting to $46.000. This request was granted.The schools of a city and countyare among its most valuable assets,and even' reasonable request for adequate facilities for the housing andcomfort of the teachers and pupilsought to meet with a ready and generous response. Let us hope Pariswill not be laggard and that there willnot be one vote recorded against thei bond issue.9mWE KNOW HOWStrawHatBEAUTIFUL NEW GOODS.sSeason Has ArrivedAnd It Is Time To Discard Your Felt HatWe are ready to show you any stylestrawBankoksLeghJust received beautiful new goods inSterling Silver most suitable forchoice wedding gifts.15-tf) SHIRE & FITHIAN."THE OFFICIAL BULLETIN."border service, are physically fit and tlie Red Cross, a list of the chair- j by the wholesale firm of Hudson &Teu irameu ami equipnuu. nuiui men ot uie meniDersnip committee is uo.. 01 Lexington- n . . .. 3 a !-. 1 - rnr?non Annhn. : t i.. . .1 ... UA ...:n1.!Hn. 4 . 1AA,1 lnH nMnntThe Official Bulletin, a daily publication issued by the Government, willoe lounu posted in tne lobby ot theParis postoffice eaci' morning. Thepublication is made under the directionof the Committee on Public Information, and is issued for the purpose ofdisseminating official news during thepresent war crisis.officers desired an American contingent sent there as soon as possibleAlexander wasiriven below, and anv one wishine to nlaced under arrest, but. after examin-join can give their name to them, and ation by the officials, proved that hehad nothing to do witn tne mattersave to come to Paris and secure thetrunk. He was released, but theAPPLETON, WIS., May 17. Indians they will be given to the secretary ofof the Menominee resorvation have the Chapter.offered their huge saw mill and lum- Membership Committee Mrs. M. H.ber plants at Neeopit, $100,000 in casli Dailey, Chairman; ' Mrs. Buckner , liquor was kept. It will probably band themselves as soldiers ot tne Woodford. Mrs. Arthur Hancock. Mrs .fed to the fishes m Stoner creek in ashort time.CARD FROM JAS. H. MORELAND.TO THE DEMOCRATS OF PARIS:111 compliance with the urgent request of a large number of my friendsUnited States Government. For some Robert Meteer. Mrs. W. G. McClintime the Indians have been drilled un- tock, Mrs. F. P. Kiser, Rev. W. E.Jer the direction of A. S. Nicholson. Ellis, Dr. R. R. MicMillan.superintendent of the Reservation and Precinct Chairman Paris No. 1a Spanish war veteran. Dr. M? H. Dailey, Mrs. WoodfordThe squaws are being instructed in Spears. Mrs. E. M. Dickerson.Ircf nfd nnd Red Cross Work. TllP Paric Mn A P. Hnnnnok. MrsMenominees are the only Indian tribe Swift ciiampe, Miss Elizabeth Em-.and supporters, that I should becomehaving a G. A. R. post. bry. a candidate for the office of Chief of' Paris No. ') Dr. A. H. Kellar. Mrs. ' Police of the City of Paris, and in viewQUEENSTOWN. IRELAND, May R B Hutchcraft, Mrs. J. S. Wilson, 'of my experience of the past five years.17. A squadron of American topedo Paris No 4T0m McDonald, Miss as a member of the Police force of thisboat destroyers has safely crossed the Rena Owens, Mrs. Harry Stamler. city and my familiarity with the dutiesAtlantic and is patrolling the seas in Paris No 5Harry Baldwin, Mrs. Ed. of the Police Department, I have de-?ar service. Burke, Miss Mary Spears. cided to withdraw from the race forThe American navy's actual entry Paris No 6j w Thomas. Miss the Democratic nomination for Mayorinto the war zone has already been Clara BaC0Ilf Mrs calla Thomas Nicli and I hereby announce myself as aproductive of a brush between a de- ls candidate in the coming primary, forstroyer and a German underwater nilersburg No. 1 Albert Moffett.beat, according to an announcement Millersburg No. 2 Sanford Allen.by the British admirality, but tne re- Norta Middletown No. 1 B. B.suit of it has not been maue puuuu. Bean.The destroyer squadron arrived in N"orth Middletown No. 2 C. CQueenstown after an uneventful voy- Hadden.age across the Atlantic, but almost im- Little Bock NoMediately after a formal exchange 01 CIuregreetings with the tsntisn navm umclals put to sea again for the hard ,wrk that is before it.the Democratic nomination for theoffice of Chief of Police of the Cityof Paris.Ever since I attained my majority,I have been an active and earnestworker in the Democratic party, andMc- ave always done all in my power tofurther the interests and promote theLittle Rock No. 2 Tollie Young. success of my party. 1 promise tneClintonville No. 1 Letcher Weath- people ot tnis. city, u eiectea tu .u1 Dr. P. L.era.WASHINGTON, May 17. When jJRchard Farris Cannon enlisted iiithe navy at Jackson, Miss., the enlist-1oi strength of the navy touched the110,000 mark for the first time. jThe existing authorized strength of jthe navy was 100,657, including all auxillary forces, but the bill just passed jby both House and Senate puts it upio 150,000. !The total enlisted strength of thenw was only 63,140 on April 2.-when the President delivered his warMessage to Congress. On Maybed reached 92,352.Clintonville No. 2 J. Frank Clay.Hutchison No. 1 Robt. Meteer.Hutchison No. 2 Chas. White.Centerville No. 1 H. C. Clifford.Centerville No. 2 A. P. Adair.Ruddles Mills No. 1 D. Rankin.Ruddles Mills No. 21. C. Plaley.GREENBLAAT RECOVERED 'LEAVES FOR NEW YORK 'office of Chief of Police, that I will de(vote all of tiane and my best energies.to a faithful and efficient discharge ofthe duties of the position.I I wish to thank my friends who havefso kindly offered to support me in mycandidacy for Mayor, and I now most'respectfully solicit their support and.that of all other good Democrats for'the office of Chief of Police. This1 17th day of May, 1917. ,J. H. MORELAND.Mr. J. Greenblaat, the traveling7 SaieSUia.il, WUUSC BCUDauwuai uucuji'.at self-destruction by poisoning, wasNEW RECRUITS.Amrnrr Hie rnoniiffj fnr thp Uniteddetailed in Tuesday's NEWS, has been etntne nthw renentlv received at the1- ti,p United discharged from the Massie Memorial reCruiting station in Lexington, wasHAVAxNA, May n. ine u Kospital as cure(h j s BlankenslliPf 0f Paris, who hasStates Government, calling tne lauen- A purge wag made up by the lQcal f in 6mployWon of the Cuban people, to .tne great Jq d pregented t0 Greenblaat by of the Louisville & Nashville, at thisMilitary and economic otollJ" "" which he was enabled to return to his point Mr. Blankenship was grantedTolved by the entrance of the iumwi cllildren in New york He home leave unt1 caUed lQ the gervIce.Elates into war has tlirougn . " stm maintained a silence regarding Hon Reuben Hutchcraft, Finnell GalConzales, issued a proclamation varu- hjg . ad(iress in New York, say- loway Allen IngelSf Colliver DawesJng against any interference witn sugar . he there aU rightf and . . expectedKoduction which will be TOnsiart; that further publicity would only alarm to be sent to Camp Benjamin Harri--hostileact," and declaring uless .n 0fflcergi Re.ihe Cuban Rebels return to a ueam. The Jewg of paris ave been untir. notified thatthe United States may ttntt it neces- . . their eftorts to make Green- they would not be received at present,jyry to deal with them as enemies. JbIaa(.,s stay iu the hospital as comfort- but to hold themselves in readiness forrAouTXTrrnTTTv 17 Alanufac- able as possible, and their generosity the sec0nd call, which will come inWASHINGlun, may 1 .. - made .fc possible for him to return to August. m the interval of waiting thetore and sale of collars hand torcme is. .n yopfc menHtockings and other wearing apparel m f nities for further developing their mil-vhich reproductions of the , Ameri can & QfHbu? are woven or stamped are pro-1 o .,5Sf Mn -m order issued by John R. Hams and carried a crew of 39 men, study." U agent of tne Depart- of whom 18 were American citizens. Francis and Speed Howell, sons of?f Si X of the flagin The cablegram to the owners gave Mrs. Bettie Howell, of Huntington,SG v to ILote sa s is not per- 'no details of the torpedoing. It said West Virginia, and nephews of Mrs. -this way to promote sales is not p wimams anQ tfce eng. w A Jolmsoilt of ParISf have enlistedwissable. lue wh(y .g Fred Schmidtf a neutral- in the U. S. Navy.'ized Norwegian, were saved and that Mr. Richard P. Thomas, formerly ofNEW YORK, May 17. The Ameri- four of tne cfew perished. Paris, who has been living in ML Ster-an steamship Hilonian has been tor-, Tne cargo consisted mostly of pro- ling several years, has enlisted in the-jsdoed and sunk off Genoa, Italy, with visions and was worth $2,500,000, the First Regiment, at Louisville, and wasa loss of four members of the crew, owners stated, and the ship itself was appointed Sergeant, and is now inaccording to a cablegram received here valued at ?1,000,000. .Montgomery and Clark counties en-fcr the owners, the Universal Transpor-, , gaged in enlisting recruits for the Rirsttetion Company. I Regiment.The Hilonian was not armed. Shej WASfflNGT0N, May 17.-An Amer-' Mr. Hutchcraft received a telegramleft here April 27 for Genoa with cargo. lcjm fleet hM arrived in European wa- yesterday from Camp Benjamin HarriShe was a vessel of 2,921 tons gross. terg witi10Ut a mi8hap, it was, learned son, near Indianapolis, ordering him towaa coramandea by Captain H. H. Wil- lrom offic,ial sources this afternoon, report there for duty at once.PARAGRAPHER HAS FUNWITH OUR HUME.99OOooo;ornsPanamasiPlain Sailors and the NobbyRough Straw For the Young Manas well as the soft, flexible brims,dented crowns, In maraV stylishsh apes for the young fellow. Keepyour head cool and wear one of ourStraws.Dr. Hume Bedford, cf Paris, is furnishing Lexington peragraphers witha good deal of fun in these war times.The Lexington Leader takes the following crack at Hume:"Dr. M. Hume Bedford says a friendof his runs a unique store, unique being derived from 'unus' meaning oneand 'equus' meaning horse.'"Dr. Hume Bedford also has an actorfriend who was given an ovation. Theword being from the Latin ova, meaning' egg." 1Size 6 5-8 to 7 5-8Any Price $1.50 to $10.00Mitchell & BlakemoreNettieion Fine Shoes and Manhattan ShirtswpqwI illLDRENIn the damp, badly lighted,poorly ventilated basement ofthe City School -WILL YOUR CONSCIENCEALLOW YOU TO VOTE"",i,,,"''"'" ,,,m-,"i"" iTO KEEP THEM THERE?All men and women who do not hold registrationcertificates issued at the last registration day must goto their regular voting places next Monday, May 21st,and REGISTER if they expect to vote on this issue.Voting will not be bjr secret ballot. You simplywalk up and tell the clerk how you want to vote.Election day Saturday, June 2nd..Don't fail to do your duty either day.BOARD OF EDUCATIONIHi1nmrrilf1 :t'IWI)i'.!m)!i f;I MmB1vrrr n-ip- FRIDAY, MAT 18, 117,THE BOURBON NEWS, PARIS, KY.1AGE TWOThe Bourbon News""lUbUshed 188135 Years of Continuous Publication.Alished Every Tuesday and Friday.r Year... $2.00 Six Months... $1.00Payable in Advance.SWIFT CtlMAP, Editor and OwneHOW'THE BLUEJACKET LEARNSTHE USES OF PUBLICITY.No matter how small the town, evenso diminutive from a standpoint ofpopulation that it has been left off theprinted maps and no matter what itsdaily or weekly newspaper is, whetherit is printed on a four deck cylinder ora creaky and antiquated Washingtonhand press, it still is the proudpossessor of a traveling correspondentiT who is in all parts of the world. HeAny erroneous reflection upon the' in to Uh w home townkaractr, standing or reputation of ... ... .... .nht person, firm or corporation which newspaper, not through thn ling stom&j appear in the columns of THE ries or events that are making hisBOURBON NEWS will be gladly cor- tory, but more specifically with th3rected if brought to attention of the little items of interest that are justeditor.it'liof Hi fnllrc! of linimck wont in rrtnilwhen the carrier leaves the daily paper'att he door or Uncle Sam's post leavestthe weekly at the R. F. D. box by theroadside.The sailor of to-day is always intouch with his home town paper. Hemay be blissfully unconscious of thefact that he is a traveling correspondent, but he is just the same; for theNavy Department, through its Publicity Bureau, has made "Jack" agatherer and a chronicler of news thatgoes back to the boys in the old townlike a letter to an old pal.j Every ship of the Navy carriesblanks that are all ready to be filled upwith the little items of interest thatare so much of an event in the life ofa Navy man and to those in the towniback behind the hills. He may haveexcelled in some .particular study o'1Display Advertisements, $1.00 per work of the ship and been commendedInch for first time; 50 cents per inch he miay have made a fine showing ateach subFquent insertion. j target practice find he may, as aReading Notices, 10 cents per line flring pointerf have WQ11 tne covetedeach issue, reading notices in black.. vv ..,. .. . mooc n whnli w tnADVERTISING RATEStype, 20 cents per line, each issue.Cards of thanks, calls on candidates, obituaries and resolutions, andBimilar matter, 10 cents per line.Special rates for large advertisements and yearly contracts.The right of publisher is reservedto decline any advertisement or othermatter for publication.Announcements for political officesmust hr.ariably be accompanied bythe cash.EDITORIAL MUSINGS.iThe Military Encampmentsthe man behind the gun. When thisdoes happen a blank with his name,his next of kin and his home town isfilled out with an accompanying memorandum, something like this:"This man was the firing pointer onNo. 4, 3-inch gun of this ship, whichmade the highest score this year in theNavy; four shots; tour hits in 19seconds This man was awarded thefirst prize and will lie a warden theNavy "E," which is a decoration givenonly to gun pointers making a scorof 7.7S hits per gun per minute. Hisscore was 12.35."If the tproud sailor man has a photol graph, and it is ten to one that he has.it is sent along. Then as the days go'by the memorandum gets to the NavPublicity Bureau in New York Citand from there it is sent out in a newspaper style to all the papers in hishome town and vicinity, and when lieThe season of military maneuversluad encampments is now with us.There will be keen scrutiny, this year&i war, of the results being attainedUp to about ten years ago, the work comes home he finds out that publicat most of these encampments was ity has suddenly thrown him right intoof a very stereotyped character. Drill- the middle of fame,ing in all kinds of formations seemed The Publicity Bureau has anotherlo be the principal occupation. Then t idea in mind while getting the newscame a development of the war game from these first line of defense menidea. Great bodies of mien were scat- into print. The more that is printedtered over the country as they would of the boys and of what they are dobe in actual fighting. ,'ing, and of their triumphs in peaceThis gave excellent practice to the or their loyalty and service in war, theofficers in handling bodies of troops, more Young America is attracted toBut the work was very exhausting tomen from indoor employments, particularly if food supplier, were irregular. Probably it made the service unpopular in a great many cases. Itsthe life of a sailor and the morequickly is he made to realize his dutyin responding to his country's call.The Publicity Bureau of the Navynot only disseminates news of the ser-practical value to tho private soldier vice, but it operates on of the largestwas open to some doubt. .Military au- and best equipped printing offices inthorities now seem more favorable to New York, where all of its posterscamps rather more like the old time and literature are printed,encampment where then settled idown in one place and learn what they 'can cf military practice. This is atleast less expensive, it saves tomedamage bills, it gives time for msresystematic instruction if the work iswell planned.It would seem as if the lighting inEurope were demonstrating the ideathat nothing is so valuable to a soldieras learning to shoot straight ModernEIGHTY CENTS GRAFT;TWENTY CENTS RELIEFJHE NEWS is inclined to be optim-1istic regarding tne relict tuna campaigns that are in progress all overthe tinted btates, out at t"ie same itune we are of the opiiron tint they jwill bear watching. It is the historywar has largely degenerated to trench of world that campaigns of this charfighting. A soldier might put in years acter ivc aWays afforded evcellen'drilling, and yet be of little value in chances for the official gratter to get.. trench. ii his or her work, with the pitiful reGood markmanship, knowledge of suit t.nat tne really one hundred persanitary methods in trenches and ceut 0f relief tendered to the victimscajmps, familiarity with arms and am- in g00(1 faith bv tjie American peoplemunition, points use tnese wouiu seem dwindles to about twentv per cent.worthy of first attendtion from our wiien the jrrafterKan-HUT If' IIP wr IPwSBiPwBI 'fill Slw! ?al! $ lffjMM Mm 1 VA illI ml n T f I8 ifc tillHIM! mk wli flKI Unitccl States Tircs havc proved Uiat they have w p!I Imii that supreme quality, Mw P) W IS -that niHes cre packcd int0 thcir structure the w5: I!W Bill wav endurance is packed into steel. vSWM IISlim mS ' HwMi'UVlJ A vast number of the motoring pubI5c know tkat xtwWmiWO b ; , .. millwliMlll "and lllcy have ansvsred in thc only way 1Mml Ml tlie buving public can answer, UiSSfiMWfiili "by givi:lg Unitcd Slates Tircs lrsniendo;!S salcs nSill increases, WMS 'mlflllll salcr, increases that are vastly greater than even X WttiffliilfiWl die sensational increase in the number of automobiles UmUlHIMilill this vear over last. mtnulIII '5 ttJill AV of Price, and J fti B KfB Zj K ?2 Q & M N ffftS aud T'r Accc55oru:s iWI ifftji Use - V 9 0 6 Q? C i:-d BrH&SaS 1 B Si Jlave All the Sterling 11ri IiJ; f 'Nobby 'Chuin' - A rf fl -ff Worth and Wear thai L1U' ? ! 'jdyal Con!' h Tf9 C O O U Y& S "' ??' 11111IVM'I 'Uzco 'Plain' ' 3f-!?lJ b S Ttres Supreme. VUjiiU'tiKil 1HSAlffll-1 Vr,:,7j:.'.4;iraabk N4isA ,,j.i!:Uu uiiijjuuuu'duuuuuuuu mjpUnited States Tires are carried by ihe foKowing Sales and Service Depots who can tell you which of the fivetypes of United States Tires exactly suit your needs : MILLERSBURG GARAGE, MILLERSBURG, KY.LAYING UP FOOD SUPPLIES.A Paris merchant told THE NEWSman Saturday that he had sold moregoods in the last month or so than formany years. He said that cusomersgot through witU jwll formerly purchased flour by theamateur warriors. Accurate shooting tnejr share. The remaining twenty .smau sacK are "ow eecung u oy mecalls for no elaborate machinery of inor nt finaiiv rpnrhp Hip suffers oarrei, ana mat it was uie same waymaneuvers and encampments. It can This is history founded onabsolute m rPSai'd to supplies of sugar.be taught anywhere and any time. Tf facts, as revealed by many startling-a big force of good marksmen were in revelationsHe thinks, and very likely he is right.OFFICERS' SCHOOL RETAINERThe decision to give pupils at theofficers' reserve school a retainer of$100 i month during their threemonths' study will equalize the- conditions at the training places and makeit possible for men to try for commissions on terms abundantly attractive.No other army in the world has madeyoung men between 19 and 44 suchthat they are laying up food supplies j an offer as $100 a month for threeProfessional Cards.Bourbon Building; ScLoan AssociationFIRST NAT'L BANK BUILDINGIN REAR OF BANKEntrance on Fourth StreetPostmaster J. Walter Payne has re- tionsij combatants of all thereserve, the essentials of military or- we noted recently in the dispatches, tearing the scarcity that is predicted months on probation and a chance ofganization could be quickly taught in'jn the daily papers from Chicago the'wi11 Pncn them. Whether or not thatja commission at the end of that verycase of emergency. 'proposal of Miss Jane Addams, the .scarcity will come, those who are buy - brief period. The pay of American'noted Hull SpfMmpnt wnrkr that an inS now are making good investments. I army officers is such that a man whoMANY STENOGRAPHERS AND i International body be appointed to feed for foodstuffs, like everything else, is' would be capable of earning a good!TYPEWRITERS ARE NEEDED the women and children and other non- getting nigner ana nigner every aay.; living outside ot tne army can anorcitx-.i r ii ii. i.n! 4. . nnn tiiere s no iRinnc wnen n win sion .tn nrprnr irUtMHtJI GUI, llcl- " - -w ..v,. ..... Men who went to west Point andI .. .. I . ..i a i inceived a bulletin from Washington to The trouble with that would be that vt- r.-& bu&y. spent several years in uum sluuv mthe effect that there is a greatly in- if the altruists should feed the German I .envy the civilians thcir opportunity.-creased demand at the Capital for women and children the Prussian Horn ! These are or will be busy days for to pick up a commission in threesnenozraDhers and tVDewriters in the rcir nf wnr would not. admit of the the local lodges Knights of Pythias months in circumstances making itUnited States Government service as women and children eating at the first Thev win nfer the Second Rank on probable that a promotion will occur. a result of the present emergency, table The soldiers of "God's partner" several candidates at tne meeting to within twelve montns irora tne timeDR. WM. KENNEYEye, Ear, Nose and Throat.ROOMS 403-404.FIRST NAT'L BANK BUILDING.PHONE 136.Appointment in large numbers are to would take the food away from the wo- be lield in their Castle Hall at the cor- 0f their entrance into the army. Abe made as soon as eligibles are avail- men all(i children, get outside of it, and ner of iMain antl Thir(1 streets, next man without any military educationable, then hustle awav to the paraoets of Thursday night. may hope to become a Captain or evenFor the present, examinations for th flrintr Hups to nour a hail of steel! The lodges are also making active a Major within a year.WM, GRANNANAttorneyatLawROOPyiS 401-402.FIRST NAT'L BANK BUILDINGNOTICE!the DeDartment Service, far both menSn intn tim aiUpr nnd their friends preparations for the annual visit to the The man who proves himself a goodnd women, will be held every Tues- of America whose compatriots had Pythian Home at Lexington, which will officer .may hope to remain in the army .tlay in 400 of the principal cities of the 'sent the foo(L take place on June 10. On June 17 permanently. No doubt tne scnooislinited States. The entrance salary xjncle Joe cannon, the patriarch of the-v viU have their annual Memorial will get a sufficient number of men m a ( tlrecxive aur.uay, may zu, j.vj.1oranges from $900 to $1,200 a year and the National House' of Representa- Day exercises at the Paris Cemetery, short time. The chance is worth the . rTTrij7ijkT D A II 1X7 A Vthe advancement of apable employes :tives, refuses to be carried away by the 0n July 4 the National holiday will be attention of anyone who is eligible mjOUU 1 IlLtVPl IvAILtYAIis reasonably rapid. Applicants must 'oular hysteria regarding the war ceieuratea oy uie ivnigius ana tneir the matter ot age anu wno can .SERVICEvs.COSTWhen you buy something- tokeep, its value to you must bemeasured in terms of servicenot cost.It may be cheap at $100.00, orexpensive at 10.00.You buy not the article itself.but what it will do for you.Our glasses, by relieving eyestrain perform an importantservice to the wearer, and areworth many times our reasonable charge.Careful eye examination without the use of drops.We Fit WhereOthers FailAny lens quickly duplicated.have reached their eighteenth birthdayon the date of examination. Full information In regard to the scope andsufferers and points out to patriotic Mends with a big picnic.the physical examination.Americans the danger of their contributions getting into the hands of thecharacter of the examinations and ap-,enemv an(j missing the original aim.plication forms can be securea iromihe United States Civil Service Commission at Washington, or from theSecretary of' Uie United States CivilService Board of Examiners at Cincinnati.Graft rules Uie world to-day, and fromit the war sufferers will be deprivedof the sustenance that a generous public intended for them instead of theGerman army.APPLIES FOR ADMITTANCETO TRAINING CAMP.MUSCLE SORENESS RELIEVEDA man's good breeding is his bestsecurity against other people's ill manners. Girl caddies on the goulf links olGreA Britain are upopular innovation-, - -The Winchester Daily Sun says:"Mr. Thurmond Robbins, of Bourboncounty, spent several days in this citywith Mr. and Mrs. Carl C. Robbins, enroute to Lexington, where he made application for admission to the Officers , neag.Unusal work, bending and liftinoi strenuous exercise is a strain an,tim muscles, they become sore andSL1I1, UU illt; jnyiiicu uvi tit 411111. jSloan's Liniment brings you quick re-,lief, easy to apply, it penetrates withnut rubbincr and drives out the sore-1A clear liquid, cleaner than;SYSTEMTRAINS NOS. 21 AND 22Between1 Lexington, Ky., and Helen-wood, Tenn.,Will Be Discontinued.Women wearinc trousers are be- Reserve Corps. He hopes to secure a mussv masters or ointments, it does; For information as to schedules ofcoming more and more numerous in lieutenant's commission should he paso not stain the skin or clog the (pores, 'other trains, fares, eta, see nearestU ,-.n. .:..-,! yt..n..:nn :.n t 11 ... V.... .-. ltnHla lionrlv fnr fVlD ... . x r. 11 Tll-. n..iuc icquucu cAttmuittuuu. i Aiwtiya liavc . uwvue imuuj iui .!. ticicei ageni, oouuneru xvaiiwuy oyapains, aches of rheumatism, gout, temPunch bowls of molded ice, with lumbago, grippe, bruises, stiffness,' ' M attctonAnt .Ioko wt-n nf inalmtcv 1lf-k fnn tiax 4)nnfa &..m T.nMAtn l!-. !.... t-l. 1. A nil nvinvnol tioln At . Isoon becomes monotonous. - ed out by some ice manufacturers. . your druggist, 25c General Passenger Ageni, wncinnau.y.EnglandUnless a girl is able to generate aFRYE & FRANKLINDOCTORS OF OPTOMETRYDow B!dg., opp. Windsor HotelGAEAL BROS.BARBER SHOPPrompt andCourteousPatrons.Attention toHOT AND COLD- 1ATHSTRIDA.Y, MAY 18, 1917.THE BOURBON NEWS, PARIS, EXPAGE TORANNOUNCEMENT.We are authorized to announce th.3good Democrats below as candldiateaat the Democratic primary on August4 1917, to fill the offices to whichlliey aspire:FOR STATE SENATORLEE WAINSCOTT,Clark County.GEORGE HON,Clark County.ABRAM RENICK,Clark County.FOR REPRESENTATIVE.C. M. THOMASFOR SHERIFF.WILL, G. McCLINTOCK,TJCI: Doc Marshall and Bob Giikey asdeputies.L. A. SOPER,With D. E. Clarke and L. C. Ashcraltas deputies.FOR COUNTY JUDGE.GEORGE BATTERTONc a. McMillan.FOR COUNTY ATTORNEYDAVID D. CLINE.COUNTY SUPERINTENDENTSCHOOLS.J. B. CAY WOOD.MISS MABEL ROBBINS,OFFOR JAILERGEO. W. JUDYTHOS. TAUL,JOHN H. DOTY,WALKER KISER,O. T. MASTERSON,W. O. BUTLER,JOHN W. KING,J. W. HART.FOR ASSESSORWALTER CLARK,f JParffl, with Jno. J. Redmou, of NorthfcSiddletown, as deputy.GEO. D. SPEAKES,& Paris, with Lee R. Craven, of LittleK(K5k at Deputy.What DoesCatarrh Mean?It means inflammation of amucous membrane somewhere in the head, throat,bronchial tubes, stomach, biliary ducts or bowels. It alwaysmeans stagnant hlnnrl trmblood that is full of impur-mes. jLen alone, it extendsuntil it is followed by indigestion,colds, congestion or fever. It weakensthe system generally and spreads itsoperations until systemic catarrh oran acute illness is the result.PerunaIs the nation's reliable remedy forthis condition. It restores appetite,aids digestion, checks and removesinflammation, and thus enables themembranes, through which we breatheand through which our food is absorbed, to do their work properly.Forty-four years of success, with thousands of testimonials, have establishedit as the home remedy Ever-Ready-to-Take.Its record of successholds a promise for you.THE PERUNA COMPANYCOLUMBUS, OHIOYou can obtain Peruna in tablet formfor convenience.SOCIAL AND PERSONAL.Comings and Goings of OurPeople Here, There andElsewhere.lj2SiBAD TEETH CAUSE OFMANY ARMY REJECTIONSFOR MAYORJAMES H. MORELAND.W. O. HINTONE. B. JANUARYFOR POLICE JUDGECLAUDE P. REDMON,J. W. BROWN,P. A. THOMPSON.HARRY L. MITCHELIi.ERNEST MARTINLOST.In the Paris Grand Opera House,or on the streets of Paris last Saturday night, an amethys eliptical shaped tie pin, in gold setting, highly prized as a keepsake. Finder leave at thisoffice.FOR SALEOne hundred whisky barrels, suitable for using for pickles, or for use insetting out tobacco plants. CallTHOS. AHEARN,05) Cum. Phone 1017, Paris, Ky.For Rent.Miss Pansy Payne, of Warsaw,Ky., is a guest of her sister, Mrs. J.Walter Payne, in this city.Mrs. Charles E. Butler has returned from a visit to her son, Mr. CharlesE. Butler, Jr., in Cincinnati.Mrs. J. B. Gorey, of Flemingcounty, is a guest of her mother, Mrs.V. S. Parrish, at Clintonville.Mrs. Henry, of South Carolina, isj a guest of her son, Dr. D. S. Henry, andi Mrs. Henry, on Cypress streetMiss Ada Fishback, of this city, isa guest of her parents, Mr. and Mrs..Ben B. King, in Moreland, Ky.I Mrs. Nannie P. Carley, of Cincinnati, is a guest of her sister, Mrs. S..M. Wilmoth, on Houston avenue.I Mr. George Rion, a former residentof Paris, is seriously ill of uraemicipoisoning at his home in Lexington.1 Mrs. Lee Price has returned fromNorton Infirmary, in Louisville, whereshe has been under treatment for several weeks.Mrs. Taylor Chandler and littledaughter, who have been guests ofrelatives in this city, for several days, ihave returned to their home in Cov-ington.Miss Nannie Miller, who has beenrseiding in Covington for some time,has returned to Paris to make . ierhome with her nephew, Mr. BruceMiller.Mr. Charles R. Hill, of Paris, whohas been at the Jewish Hospital, inCincinnati for several weeks, where.he underwent a surgical operation, isI on the road to recovery.1 Mr. and Mrs. Clarence Gilford,who have been guests of Mr. and Mrs.More applicants for service are re- William 1Giffor?' in Est ' n fr,-fi i i 4i J several days, have returned to theirjected for bad teeth than any other 1ome in Middletown, Ohio,cause, say the recruiting officers. A Mr. James Jacoby, son of Mr. andrecent investigation made by the U. Mrs. J. W. Jacoby, of Hutchison, ha3S. Public Health Service in connec- returned from Norton Infirmary, intion with studies of rural school chil- Louisville, where he was recently operen showed that 43.9 per cent, had rated on hy Dr- 'Loxlis Prank.defecUve teeth and only 16.9 per cent.' Among those who attended thenAi.AT. ,. o fi, u. co o funeral and burial of Mrs. Edwardnever used a tooth brush, 58.2 per T- t -ti t, . , , Bryan, at Lexington, Monday, were Mrcent, used one occasionally and only nml Mrs F,lward T. Hint. Mr. nnd1 20.7 per cent used one daily. ,Mrs. w r. Hinton. Miss Elmeta Hin-iDefective teeth reduce physical ef- ton and Eld. W. E. Ellis,ficiency. Dirty, snaggle-toothed mouths J Mr. and Mrs. L. iD. Overmire andare responsible for many cases of heart son, Mr. Vernon Overmire, and Mr.disease, rheumatism and other oragnic and Mrs- Jacob Erther, of Yorktown,affections. The children are not re- Indiana, are visiting Mr. and Mrs.sponsible for neglected state of their Overmires daughter Mrs H M. Ham, .. . . . , . llton. and Dr. Hamilton, at their hometeeth. The ignorant and careless par- on Mt Airy avenue.ent is to blame for this condition a Mr. and Mrs. John Wilder andcondition which hampers mental and Mrs. George Wilder will leave to-mor-physical growth and puts a permanent row for an extended stay at Martins-handicap in our future citizens. School ville, Indiana. Mr. John Wilder hasteachers can and are doing much in heen in bad health for some time, andinculcating habits of personal cleanli !t is hP that a stay at the Springsness in the rural child, but this Will:ma bCflmateFlal b:!neflt J1?-, lnli i. 1 1 i ! i Invitations have been received infail of the highest accomplishment un.par8 t0 the comraenceraent exercisesless parents co-operate heartily and of the Kentucky Orphan School, atcontinuously, xiub is a uuiy wuica Midway, on Wednesday morning,you owe your children. May 30. The exercises will be held inthe college chapel at ten o'clock. The1917 graduating class is composed ofnineteen young women from variousparts of Central Kentucky.Thft readers of this miiner will be Mr. will o. Arnsparger. ol uiepleased to learn that there is at least Peoples' Building fc Loan Association,one dreaded disease that science has bas taken a clerical position in thehppn nhie in Pi, in nil its statres and Peoples' Deposit Bank &. Trust Corn-that is catarrh. Catarrh being greatly Pany. Mr. Finnell Galloway, who has. . ... ... ,, tinan in 41ia H) nVo con'ipo ffr enrnn .innuencea oy constitutional conuiuons .-- - - o.,. . -constitutional treatment. ie. "" euilsieu 1U L" wieisReserve Corps, anui in case lie enters. Ji'wirr'w -viswCTc.eac'i--Bnr--3rti7r 1i rKSsi v -. svs.s'. r - bv; i-aisr Msr prices m&aM J&vI mmer and bettet.l 1 Omar MXJJ C.X37 AUiU. I ZHXf flW!mtffpvNice ground floor room in residenceei Pleasant street, near Tenth, convenient to L. & N. station and posteffice. Only desirable roomer wantedtag, bath, etc Call this office.For Rent.Nioe 4-room flat with water, gas andelectric jlighU, over Canal's BarberShop. 'Hot convenient location inParis. Apply to(a) CAHAL BROS.For Sale.Several used automobiles. Thesecars are all in good condition and canbe bought right for cash.DICKEHSON & DOUGLAS GARAGE.(3-tf)Wool Wanted.We are in the market for your woolGet your sacks at the IndependentTobacco Warehouse. ,M,(1-tf) CLARK & YOUNG.$100 REWARD $100f 8lZE(Z!X&4SNG!iES)ILAC SAFETY TREAD TiRkKE balance line for the Ford car isdrawn, and the sum total of its perfection struck with that new Goodrichtire, the bigger and better Ford cartire Goodrich's "Three-Seventy-Five."Of SUPER-SIZE and SUPER.STRENGTH it not only meets theINDIVIDUAL NEEDS of the Ford car,but DOUBLES its VIRTUES.New as today, it is neverthelessalready familiarly known by theknowing asGoodrich's"Three-Seventy-Five"That's its size: Three and seventyfive hundredths inches in the crosssection. And it's an inch biggertoo in the circumference.Its heroic size, however, is designedto fit 30-inch rims en Ford cars.It is made solely with the fivefinger safety tread.It costs but little more than ordinary tires at the outset; and thenattier appearance and added comfort it gives your Ford car, andits own greater dollar ECONOMY,make it the better buy yp. the end.The B F. Goodrich Co.Akrcn, Ohio'.nonS,M?ee mnwi'iiii nimm"&?s? in the Long Rud,W3$&21 CJ 5? 1tquiresTTull'c Hatnrrh TVTpHininp iq tnkpn in-ternally and acts through the blood on! the service his position will be heUthe Mucous Surfaces of the System,thereby destroying the foundation ofthe disease, giving the patient strengthopen for him fo ra while.Rev. William E. Sweeney, ofEvansville, Indiana, was a guest Tues-by building up the constitution and ( day of his mother, Mrs. J. S. Sweeney,assisting nature in doing its work. .on Higgins avenue. Rev. SweeneyThe proprietors have so much faith left Wednesday morning, accompaniedin the curative powers of Hairs by his sister, Mrs. George Hamilton,Catarrh Medicine that they offer One .of Two Rivers, Wis., for Covington,Hundred Dollars for any case that it i where he delivered an address at thefails to cure. Send for list or testimonials. Address P. J. CHENEY & CO., Toledo, Ohio. Sold by all Druggists, 75c.(may-ad v)German tests have shown a scarcityof good cattle fodder doesnot decreasethe fat content, but only the quantityof milk produced.annual Conclave of the KentuckyKnights Templar, in session there thisweek.m BSHggjgpBI2 KtfeuSMaThe GOOD RICHfibre sole;for shoesm.mmOttfteaffs leaihcrcomfortabSe-drsssy-water-pioofCAMPAIGN FOR NEW MEMBERS.GET RID OF YOUR RHEUMATISM.Now ist he time to get rid of yourrheumatism. You will find Chamberlain's Liniment a great help. The relief which it affords is alone worthmany times its cost.(may-adv)Scrap Iron Wanted.I am ipaying fifty cents per hundredfor all kinds of scrap iron. Not lessthan 1,000 pounds. This material can"be weighed at any city scales. This isto be delivered to the cars on the Louisville & Nashville tracks, opposite thefreigh depot.Call us over the CumDerland phon9MAX MUNICH,Eighth Street, Paris, Ky.(oct20-lyr)tin 1 7 discouraged,ft nentouee confused,. r.vouT, tired, worried or despondentjtB5S!nfi"Sfhe normal vigor ami.1, v.( wnrth living. BeBureandailc wiMott's NerverinePillt bryW0-UAMS MFG. CO . Pr.. CItU.OBERDORFER, The Druggist.JustaGentte Bub ShinesWANTED !Every Lady inBourbon CountyTo Visit OurBAKERY!EVERY DAYVISITORS'DAY!WILMOTHGrocery Co.Phone 376An active campaign for the purposenf ino.ppfisincr thft mpmherahin has hfienCards have heen received here an- lailtriirnf0fl Uv thn phc Rvoi,nouncing the marriage o Mr. Gilby T, XT - 4. . rti m.ft mamKelly Mehagen, of Chicago, to Miss dge No; of f11,,6 mMargaret DeGovler Greenleaf, of La-,bers are hard at work soliciting newgrange, Illinois, at the latter place on members and endeavoring to have anMay 12. The groom is a son of Mrs. increased attendance at all their meet-Virgie Kelly Mehagen, formerly of Mil- Ings.lersDurg, anu a nepnev oi Airs. n. r.Clay, Sr.r of near Paris. He is a graduate of the Millersburg Military InstiNEW CHURCH AT JACKSON.The new Presbyterian church atJackson, erected in memory of the lateRev. Dr. Edward O. Guerrant by thePresbyterians of the South, was formally opened and dedicated Sunday.Thomas B. Talbott, formerly of Paris,Home Mission Superintendent of thoWest Lexington Presbytery, was one ofthe speakers, others being Rev. A. H.Doak, of Wilmom; Bsv. C. G. Gunn,The members of the lodge have beenVW AHAJ 1 Vf J bULUw) f J x Vi Try 0rrti hV kVi Vi rItute, and one of the brightest students headed by Noble Grand Mrs. T. Lail, """ "Wa ),i iT Znf ii- fmmofi inatjfutfnn Tho hrtdo ., . . . whose efforts the church has been. .w -.- -..w.v-vw . ..-v. anQ tne greens, neaaea uy vice- ,nf. , tn Wnlis a daughter of Mr. Walter Gregory Grand M Ava Neal member bulltj ; Rev. Dr. Wmureenieai, a prouiineiiL ciuzen ol i-a-grange,Illinois.You Don't Have toStoopIf You Ue aCummings, ofWinchester, and Col. Horace M. Tay-GarlandCabinetRange(Other Personals on Page 5)JUDGE FOR YOURSELFWhich Is Better Try An Experimentor Profit by a Paris Citizen's Experience.Something new is an experiment.Must be proved to be as represented'. The statement of a manufacturer isnot convincing proof of merit.But the endorsement of friends is.Now supposing you had a bad back,A lame, weak, or aching one;Would you experiment on it?You will read of many so-calledcures.Endorsed by strangers from faraway places.It's different when the endorsementcomes from home.Easy to prove local testimony.Read this Paris case:present at the meeting counts a point of Carf who wag secretary ofior iier usam, anu eauii apyuwuuu iui ., MnrWa nrtmmnn,i nf wMhmembership received counts five points tfce Guemmt wag a'member.lor tne team urnigiiig m uib uppnuu-tion- I With but a slight increase in sizeThe two teams have started neck- a watch has been provided with a dryand- neck, and there is a prospect for battery and electric lamp so that ita merry race before the contest comes can be read at nightto a close. Mr. Lawrence Price was jrecently initiated into the mysteries ofthe order, and there will be a numberof candidates to take their first plungeat the lodge room on the night ofMay 24.All Odd Fellows expecting or desiring to attend the sessions of the Sov-jereign Grand Lodge, which convenesin Louisville next September must bea member of the Imperial Encampmentand Rebekah branches of the Odd Fellows order.The Grand Encampment of the Statewill meet in Frankfort to-morrow. Alarge delegation from the lodges ofParis and the county will go to theFloyd H. Rankin, grocer, Lilleston . Capital City to-morrow to attend theAvenue and Lucas Street, Paris, says:"I have used Doan's Kidney Pills offand on for years and have been greatlybenefitted by them. At times, I havesuffered severely with kidney complaint My back has often pained meand has been- lame most all the time.meeting.MANY SHOPPERS.There was a good shopping crowd inParis, Saturday, all intent on makingThe kidney secretions have been too their spring purchases, provided win-frequent in passage and have greatly J ter would kindly consent to move offannoyed me. Whenever I have been the stage. Several of the local storesbeen this way,. I have always foundthat a box of Doan's Kidney Pillshave never failed to cure me of theattack in short 'order."Price 50 cents, at all dealers. Don'tsimply ask for a kidney remedy getDoan's Kidney Pills the same thatMr. Rankin had. Foster-Milburn Co.,has special displays of spring goodsWatch the columns of THE NEWSand you will know where to get thebest bargains. Merchants are beginning to realize the wisdom of tellingprospective customers when they havespecials or bargains in sales, and theyuse THE NEWS' columns for that pur-POlf. , . . .. i. :.MflRGOLEN'SSanitary Meat MarketHome Killed BeefLamb, Pork, VealSPECIALS THIS WEEKLemonsper dozen 1 5cGrape Fruiteach 5cOrangesper dozen 1 5cOnionsper pound 1 OcGreen Beansper peck 50cWG0LENSH arfi mA beautiful line of Garlands n.'dteplay. Come In and look them over, fParis Gas & Electric Co.(Incorporated)1m.OiieiropBourbon PouWjryRenyimn fKiek"ww(?-td jfTTOFCdiinkintc water curca,and prevents Km todiarrhoea, ehulerx awj otfccrj' chickdiseases. On&50-centbotito Brakes12 zaltons ot medicine. At'dnw-ektaorbym&n postpaid. . yal-abte poultry jxoic ir;c f tea on rexiaest.SJHiV'(IiilIIK&TS8? EUsKKlT'Cr.,Lalw,. ',Props, Buffalo, N. Y. (advIMMtfJFOURTHE BOURBON NEWS, PARIS, KY.FRIDAY, MAY 1$, lltf.1wmIV'IIC,!1frThe Bourbon NewsMafcHsM 188136 Years of Continfons Publication.Every Tuesday and Friday.V r . cs rn m n -.jrr icw....uu-six Juonuis...$i.uuPayable in Advance.tWIFT CHAMP, Editor and Owner.(Entered at the Paris, Kentucky,Poetoffioe as Mail Matter of theSecond Class.)SCHOOL CHILDREN IN DANGER.There are 131 children who occupyjiooms in the basement ofthe City'School. These rooms are damp, badly Graduation Exercises and Address tolighted and poorly ventilated and the J Graduates, by President W. A. Gan-responsibility of endangering the: field, D. D., L. L. D., Center Colloge,nesltli of these children by keeping Danville, at M. M. I. Drill Hall.them in these rooms. One of the most interesting eventsThe City Council has called an elec- of the program will be the competitivetion for Saturday, June 2, to vote on a 'drill and flag-raising on Monday. Ad -6,000 bond issue, the proceeds of jutant-General J. Tandy Ellis, of Frank -lehich are to be used for the erection i fort, X3ity Clerk Harry Miller, of Lex-of additional rooms to the present jington, and O. E. Hurst, of Millersburg,echool buildingsIn order to vote at this election itwill be necessary for you to be properly registered and for this reason theCity Council has set Monday, May 21,as registration day, when the regularvoting booths will be open from 6 a.an. to 9 p. m. All men and women notalready registered will be required toregister if they wish to vote on this!issue.Voting will be done viva voce andand not by secret ballotIt is the duty of every citizen toinform themselves on this subject,and vote accordingly.(Don't listen to rumors of extravagant salaries and unnecessary departments. Ask any member of theBoard of Education, who will be glad Ito give details of expenses and reasonfor location of building.Ask for one of the little folders,'Tacts Concerning That ProposedSchool Bond Issue."WARNING TO AUTOISTS!Many complaints coming to the policedepartment concerning the recklessdisregard of traffic rules and the reckless handling and driving of automobiles on the streets of Paris, have&used renewed interest in the subject of regulation.The following warning has been issued by Chief of Police Link:"There is a City Ordinance governing traffic on the streets of Paris. ItIs a violation orthe law to "Park Your jCar on Main street; leaving thegine run when you are not in the car;stopping on wrong side of street; running witli muffler open, soundingklaxon, etc. The ordinance also applies to horse-drawn vehicles as togeneral traffic, road rules, etc. It isdisagreeable for the Police to be compelled to arrest citizens for violation.;of these rules, so please govern yourselves accordingly. This is a warning."THE NEWS, in an editorial way, aswell as by way of friendly warning,has time and again, in its columns,called attention to the action of"speeders" and violators of the cityordinance regarding which we"have been requested to give publicityto this warning, which we gladly do,in hope it may be the means of averting trouble for some careless orthoughtless driver.PATRIOTISM RAMPANT.Tho irnnfl tuvinlo nf tlin Vu Milln. Itown vicinity are always to the fore-jfront in all good works. They areamong the most (patriotic in the countyand that's saying a great deal.Last Sunday there was an affectingcene In the vicinity of the Stout Cafe"when a delegation of about one hundred from North Middletown gatheredto say good bye to their representatives who had enlisted in the serviceof the country, Messrs. William Collins and Robert Jones. The delegation came to Paris In twenty-three automobiles. Patriotic addresses were delivered atat the Christian church by Hon. ClaudeJ. Thomas and Eld. John Christopherson, in which the speakers spoke of thepatriotism of the young men, who werewilling to leave their homes and their"business pursuits to take their share inthe country's defense.CENTRAL KENTUCKY RETAILMERCHANTS1 ASSOCIATION.. nM tr. ,. r, .... I.w uvuuiu it.uiuv,n; ikcuiil ITlUi- -chante Association, a protective andsocial organization composed of retailmerchants in all lines of trade in Cental! Keatacky, will hold its regularasnual meeting in Paris on Tuesday,JM 12.The meeting of the Association willb held in the court house. A pro-ynm of ipclal Interest is being pre-pared About 250 delegates will beIVIIVUl b U1U JBCVUUig.M. M. 1. COMMENCEMENTEXERCISES MAY 25-29..THE "NEWS acknowledges receiptof the following handsomely-engrav-ed invitation:"The Senior Class of the Millersburg....institute requests tne Honor or yourpresence at tne bommencoment tj-ercises on Tuesday morning, Maytwenty-ninth, Nineteen Hundred Sev-enteen, at ten o'clock, M. M. I. DrillHall."Tne graduating class oi y is com-posed of the following: William Tay-lor BaumstarK, wniiam aeu uryan,Dan Turney Clay, William RobinsonCook, Bert Elkin Embry, Byron GoebelHudson, Joseph V. Jones, Thomas Ed -gar McClintock, Harry Samuel Roche,Jr., Madison Worthington Smoot, LouisFranklin Vimont Two of the num-ber, Mr. Daniel Turney Clay and Mr.Madison Worthington Smoot, are fromParis.The program of events for the exer-cises is as follows: Friday evening,May 25 Lawn Pete on the M. M. I.Campus; Sunday, May 27, 10:30 a. m.Commencement Sermon by Rev. E. L.Powell, !D. D., L. L. D., of Louisville,at the Millersburg aietnoaist cnurcn;Monday, May 28, 9:00 a, m. Exhibl-tion and Competitive Drill; Flag Rais-ing, by the Corps of Cadets, on the M.M. I. Campus; Monday, May 28, 2:30p. an. Ball Game, M. M. I. vs. EasternState Normal, Richmond, M. M. I.Campus; Monday, May 28, 8:00 p. m.-will deliver appropriate and patrioticaddresses. A steel hag pole, ius reelabo've the ground will be raised, fromwhich a bitr American flas will beraiseu to ine strains oi maruai muan;by the Lexington Military liana, uwill be a great day.SUITABLE GIFTS.Gifts suitable for graduation atTHE A. J. WINTERS CO.PARIS HOME SCHOOLCOMMENCEMENT EXERCISESThe commencement exercises of theParis Home School, Mrs. W. A. Harp,director, will be held in the schoolbuilding May 23-24-25. beginning withlSERIOUSLY BURNED BYa recital bv toe PuPils of tne music FL0W 0F M0LTENdepartment, at eignt ociock on weunesday evening. May 23, at the ParisHome School. On Thursday evening,May 24, at eight o'clock, the music deIpartment will give a recital in theParis Home School building. On Friday evening, May 25, at eight o'clock,the commencement exercises proper,will be held in the Baptist church.Mrs. A. M. Harrison, ofLexington,will deliver an address.The friends and patrons of theschool, and the general public as well,are cordially invited and expected toattend these exercises.GET A MOVE ON!Th MavRVille IndeDendent SaYS re-garding the contest being waged be -en-'tween the Baracca classes of the-uaysviue anu xran cusi ouuuu.schools for membership:"There are only a few more Sundaysleft in the contest between the Maysville and Paris Baraca classes. Thelocal class now holds a lead of morethan two hundred, but there is no telfing what the Bourbonites may do andthe ofllcers of the class are urging thelocal men to stick out until the last sothat the defeat will be a thoroughone."r Ml. a T-! T-l- OiinrlntLOUISVILLE AND NA8HVILLETO EMPLOY WOMEN.In view of the demand that will bemade upon its able-bodied male employees under the Government conscription, law, the Louisville and Nash-ville Railroad' Company is preparing toI utilize the services of women as clerks,in agenis omces, iepuuu auu -j graph offices in freight stations, bagI .... tn1 nlinn rxRlnnc anil a aSaK iwiun uuu buuj. '3- """ "Dcrossing flagmen, ticket sellers andgatekeepers.The Louisville and Nashville has forsome time been busy making a census fof its employes who are of the militaryage, and in other ways preparing for,the emergency created by the takinof men for service in the ranks.B-4 PI REInsure WithW.O. HINTON & SON,AgtSFALSE ALARM FELLOWAT WORK AGAIN.Evidently fearing the members of116 L,U8 Maurice Clark Yanceythe Paris fire department would foiJChappell , T. A. Hendricks Jr., Roy; get how to operate the new autoi"u" tt"' WLU V?, ""truck some one turned in an alarmfrom Box 33, at Main and Fifteenthstreets, about 9:45 Tuesday night.The department responded, but foundnothing to do.R"t wind and lightninginsurance.Thomas, Woodford &BryanTHE LIBERTY BONDS.Have you bought a "Liberty Bond"'yet? They may be bought on easyterms, and non-taxable and may mrovevery nice thing to have in your littletin box. The Paris banks will takeyour ubcription free of charce,TWO OLD-TIMERSREVISIT FORMER SCENESMr.' Woodson Morgan, of Peoria, 111.,is visiting friends in Paris and Lexing-'ton. Mr. Morgan will he rememberedby the older residents of Paris an Tip.vwmg a photographer in Paris years ago.ne had a studio in the second storyof the old frame building which stood0n the site of the present handsomebuilding erected by the AgriculturalBank, part of which was occupied bythe job printing office of Mr. W. A.Johnson and the lawoflice of Mr.Franklin Kennedy. Mr. Morgan soldout to Mr. Lafayette Grinnan, whoconducted the studio in the same place1 Mr. Morgan and his brother, Mr.Henry Morgan, are brothers of Mr.James Morgan, associate editor of theBoston Globe. They are visiting their, kinsman, Mr. John Morgan, in Lexing -ton. A rare relationship exists be -Jtween these men and Mr. John Morganand Mr w G Morgan of UlQ Southernraiiroad offices in Lexington. Theyare all double cousins. Col. JohnMorgan, Williatm Morgan and Woodson'Morgan married Eleanor Bruce, AnnBruce and Elizabeth Bruce, respect -ive-Mn Morgan found great pleasure inrevisitimr Paris, but found it ereatlvchanged from the days when he wasin DUsinegS here. He found only afev of his former friends and busi-ness associates here.Mr. Nick Connell, of Seattle, Wash-lngton, arrived in Paris, Wednesdav,for a 'VjSit t0 njg sister, Mrs. JesseNapier. Mr. Connell left' Paris thirtyyears ago t) locate in Texas. Sincethen ne has been in all parts of thewest, where he has met many former' Kentuckians. Mr. Connell was for atjme in tne' employ of Mr. FrazierRemington, formerly of Paris, who isinterested In the lumber business in.Washjngton and Oregon.Nick says ParIs has ipiprovedjwonderfuny froan what it was whenhe lived here, and that it has all theappearance 0f a thriving town.Hecharacterized the West as a greatplace, but that there's no place likeold Kentucky. This was the samopinion shared by the many formerParisians he met in the West.STRAW HAT TIME.Select your hat from a stock that's(brim full of good up-to-date styles inevery sort of straw braid ?2 to $10.J. W. DAVIS & CO.METALMr. Whaton Renaker. of Winchester.son of Mr. Ewell Renaker. of Paris,was painfully burned about the fact,(,hurch at the coraer of Peasant andland body last Saturday, while at workin the big steel plant of the AshlandSteel Company, in Ashland, where hehad been employed for several months.Mr. Renaker was running one of theI immense steel furnace, and hadjust "tapped" the molten steel out,when an explosion occurred. His face,arms and abdomen were struck by theflying metal, and badly burned. It wasfeared at first that the young manwould lose his sieht. and Drobablv be' rli'cfio-iifnri ftr- Ufa Hut n nornfiil ovnm.UlCllUlU .1 1., "UU U V,U. ...U. ""'"niation made latereliminated thisTnnafhiUtv "Ho tor m'vpn ImmnfHntrme(icai attention, and was later ableto come to Winchester, where he willremain with his sister, Mrs. RiffeHodgkin, until he recovers, which mavbe a slow process.CHRISTIAN ENDEAVORHAVE PLEASANT OUTINGThere have been few parties thathad a more delightful time on StonerCreek in recent years than did themembers of the Christian Endeavor Society of the Paris Christian Church,when they met near the old ChippewaClub boat landing last Saturday for acombined boating party, camp firebreakfast and all-day outing.The young people gathered in thecourt house yard at 5:30 o'clock, andproceeded to the boat landing, whereat six o'clock they were served with adelicious breakfast of oranges, eggs,bacon bread cakeg and CQ&eQ cookedth fl After the break.fast and during the day the membersof the party enjoyed themselves invarious ways, boating, fishing, kodaking, and in games of various kinds.Thnqp nrpspnt nnd narticiDatine- in. , , T,loQC11ro .. MiqqPfl Prin.mal Esther Boatright, Carrie- a M . qnAftlrpq. ttpI Arnold, rail-...WMwp A-wa. -fwV9 -- - rzabeth Clark, Mary Martin, Henrietta'Arnold, Emma Louise Burley, MaymeLee Baldwin, Ruby Hall, Ethel Harper,Edith Harper, Christine McCord, DaisyDetwiller, Margaret Hill, Lida Turner,Grace McCord, Josephine Detwiller,.Henrietta iJotson, winiireu .Boairignt,Mabel Templln, Katherine Taylor;Messrs. A. L. Boatright, Beverly Boat-j right, Preston Bales, A. J. Duncan,ODerL nose, uiarence rmmwm.KNIGHTS TEMPLAR CONCLAVE BEGAN TUESDAYThe seventieth annual Conclave ofthe Kentucky Knights Templar closedits sessions at Covington, Thursday. Commanderies from all over theState were present to participate inthe exercises. An elaborate programfor the entertainment of the visitingTemplars had been provided by thecommittee. The big parade on Wednesday saw a larger number of uniformed Knights in line than for someThi oiftn ivnm n,or ,io t.iyears.Commandery No. 26, of Paris, will re-turn to-day.PIANO RECITAL.I The pupils bf Miss Willie T. Sum-mers will give a recital in Piano to-,night at eight o'clock in the HighSohool Auditorium. The mioils in themivnrnprl nlnss will sivr a renital at.the same place on next Monday evening, at eight o'clock. The public iscordially invited to attend both theserecitals. The program for to-night'srecital is as follows:Happy Gondolier LangeMary Louise Clendenin, Catherine Dun-i can, Rebecca Purnell,I Allene KablerBriar Rose Fischer, Alberta Myers.The Brave Little Warrior. .KorgmanHolt HenryOn the Green Lake Kernj Lucy Palmer'a Wildrose Marshal-Loepke! Hazel Myers'Golden Star StreabogI Helen Chappell, Holt HenryLittle Buttercup SchmittMiriam GallowayDancing Dolls M. P. HellerI Catherine Duncan! Waltz in G FosterHelen ChappelPlayful Kitten BehrMarie Colllver, Lilian DayThe butterfly LegeMary Louise ClendeninMerry Huntsman MerkelRebecca PurnellSnow Flakes MoterLillian DaySpanish Dance SeeboeckMiriajm Galloway, Lucy PlummerBy the Brookside ToursChristine SamsSong Without Words StreabogAllene KablerEchoes of Bygone Days BashmanMarie ColliverFestival Match BehrAllene Kabler, Lillian DayChristine SamsREAL ESTATE TRANSFERSAND BUSINESS CHANGESThe construction of a business houseand residence on a lot at the corner ofMain and Fifteenth streets, owned byMiller & Lilleston, of this city, hascommenced.The work of excavation for the newKress Co. building at the corner ofMain and Sixth streets, has been almost finished. Workmen began thefoundation yesterday afternoon. Theyhad considerable difficulty in the excavation work, on account of striking anunusually large layer of hard limestone. The foundation work for the super-structureof the new PresbyterianSixth streets has been finished. Thecornerstone of the building will be laidwith appropriate exercises on Sundayafternoon.Mrs. M. Myers, of this city, sold herfarm of seven and one-half acres, onthe Clintonville pike, for $1,500 to Mr.W. J. Kiser, who recently purchasedthe Chas. Aslrurst farm. The land purchased from Mrs. Myers adjoins Mr.Kiser's farm. Immediate possessionwas &iven-Mr. aild Ml'S. ForrestLetton havepurchased of Mr. Wm. Hall, of nearParis, the farm on the liume & ueuford pike, known as the Judge Mannfarm, containing 112 acres, for about$200 per acre. The farm adjoins theLetton lands on both the Hume &Bedford and the Lexington pikes.Possession will not be given untilnext March.WARRANTS FOR ARREST OFPROMINENT STOCKMEN.Warrants for the arrest of Mr. AllieKerns, of Carlisle, and Mr. Jonas Weil,of Paris and Lexington, issued uponcmoplaint of Mrs. N. A. Moore, ofPleasant street, have been placed inthe hands of Chief of Police Link forservice.The warrants charge the men, whoare among the most prominent stockmen in Central Kentucky, with violating the city ordinances regarding driving stock at large through the streetsof Paris without a proper number ofmen to attend them.Mrs. Moore alleges that cattle belonging to Weil and to Kerns, en routeto the shipping pens, not attended byenough persons to keep them fromstraying, damaged her lawn andyoung hedge fence and shrubberywhen they got loose and strayed onher premises.The warrant for Mr. Kerns wasmailed to the authorities at Carlisle,yesterday, and the one for Mr. Wellwill he served as soon as he can belocated."IRISH" McELHANEYBOBS UP AGAIN.After almost circling the globe in aseries of artistic stunts, "Irish" McElhiney, who for a long time was a resident of Paris, has turned up in Ken-Stucky again. "Irish" has more than aifair share of artistic talent with thebrush, and during his residence inParis, did scenic work for the ParisGrand Opera House and The AlamoTheatre. His was a different sort ofgenius from that of most scenic paintert, and his creations were wonderfulexamples of art."Irish" is now hohiing forth In Carlisle. The Carlisle Mercury says:"'Irish' McElhaney has a painting inthe confectionery store of Hunt Bros.,in this city, that is a pretty fair stagger for an amateur. The painting isa water scene, floating upon whichare several of Uncle Sam's big battleships.""With but a slight increase in. sizea watch has been provided with a drybattery and electric lamp so that itcan be read at night.German tests have shown a scarcityof good cattle fodder does not decreasethe fat content, but only tne quantity,of milk produced.BrightenUpAmerica!Sherwin-WllamsPAINTS trVARNISHESiYour House Needs Paintand when a house needs paint, it needsSherwin-WilliamsPaint, PreparedWhile we are brightening up America, don'tthink of paint merely as a beautifier it's morethan that it's a protector and a preserver.Nothing can add more to the beauty of yourhome than SWP, but its greatest virtue is protection against Winter's snow and Summer's sun.Let us solve your painting problems.C. A. DaughertyBlack Hawk and JanesvilleCorn PlantersMcCormick and BrownHarrowsis.Cor. Fourth andAgents BuickaGoodyearOur Vulcanizing Departmentis equipped with steam vulcanizer and run by an expert.Steam Heated GarageOPEN DAY AND NIGHTFor SaleWe have a used Franklin touring carfor sale.. Just out of the shop over-hauled and painted.(tf) BOURBON GARA6S.Pleasant St&.AutomobilesGarageNjIDiX MAY 18, 1917.THE BOURBON NEWS, PARIS, KY.PAGE FIT!FOR THE BESTNOTHING ELSE"YOUR GIFT SHOP."The A. J. Winters Co.FRESH FROM THE PATCH.Fine, ripe Tennessee strawberries,received dallr, fresh from the patch.(It) C. P. COOK & CO.MOTHERS, REGISTER MONDAY.Mothers who fail to register Mav .f 1 and vote June 2 for the school bondissue will have no right to kick about'heir childrens having to be in base-,'as?uent school rooms.TEACHERS' EXAMINATION.Hifls Mabel Robbins, County Superntendent of Schools, will conduct anexamination in her office in the courthouse, to-morrow and Saturday for-hite teachers desiring county certiscales.NEW AUTOS.The Fanners' Supply Company soldms wee a uanuBome lour cyimuerStudebaker touring car to Mr. O. K.fazelrhxs:. of South Main street, andr. six-cylinder Studebaker car to Mrs.Jasper Offutt, of near Paris. Bothars will be delivered this week.MILLINERY.Of all kinds can be found atat) HARRY SIMON'S.ATTENTION, K. OF P.Alt TT X --l 4 - -i s-v -sms- ! f V - fT Cart? Hall! comer Main andThird streets. Dromptly at 1:30 Satur-day afternoon, in full uniform, to' 1ceive final instructions for taking part5n the Red Cross parade.WM. W. DUDLEY, CaptNEW PARTNERSHIP.Dr. J. A. Gilkey, who recently movedhis offices from the Paton building torooms in the First National Bankbuilding, and Dr. J. R. Wallingford,who has had offices at his residence onSixth street, have formed a partnership, to take effect June 1, for thepractice of medicine, under the firmname of Drs. Gilkey & Wallingford.The new firm will occupy Rooms303 to 308, inclusive, in the First National Bank sky-scraper.SIGNAL CORPS TRANSFERREDTO LEXINGTON CAMP.The detachment from Co. B. of theSignal Corps, Kentucky National jGuard which has been stationed here,"oo neaitn league, was in rarisguarding railroad bridges and otherproperty for the past month, has beentransferred to Lexington, where theywill be in the mobilization camp.Part of the Harlan Company hasbeen sent here to take the places of 'among their policy holders. planted would be in danger of non-the Signal Corps men. The boys have THE NEWS is in receipt of a copy germination if conditions had not modbeen making themselves perfectly at of the Ventura, (Cali.) Free Press, sent erated. The warm sunshine will alsohome in their quarters in the court by Mr. Frank R. Erringer, of Chicago, check the ravages of cut worms, whichhouse and have been keeping them-' formerly of Paris, where he spent have been preying on the crops overelves' in good physical trim in read- most of his younger days The Free and under the ground.selves m 5Q Press details the visit to Ventura ofmess for any emergency call for their .Wm..Q hrntw ATr r.vciservices..A MATTER OF ECONOMY.To invest $25 in one of our BlueSerge Suits. We guarantee two season's wear.J. W. DAVIS. & CO.GIFT SELECTIONS.Make your gift selections from ourcomplete stock.THE A. J. WINTERS CO.RAILROAD COMMISSION FAVORSTHE PARIS ICE COMPANY.Mr. Phil Nippert, Jr., General Manager of the Paris Ice ManufacturingCo., received notice Tuesday that theRailroad Commission at Frankiort, nauentered an order requiring restitutionsin the case of the Paris Ice Companyagainst the Louisville & NashvilleRailroad Company, and the StandardOil Company against the same company. The Paris Ice ManufacturingCo. claimed the Louisville & Nashvillerailroad chanred nine cents on thehundred for ice shipped from Lexing-ton. When the rate should have been most accomplished musicians in the ana paraae wmen is to ue ne m uwuur55. tll ttonThe Lou- State, and it is hoped by the patrons row under the auspices of the Pariseighty-two cents on the ton. TheSsville & Nashville was ordered to return the overcharges.CONFISCATED BOOZEEMPTIED INTO SEWER.In the presence of a number of interested spectators, many of whomcommented audibly on the woefulwaste of auch a supply of "nerve tonic"City Attorney Wade H. Whitley emptid into a Main street sewer a largequantity of liquor.The wet goods formed a supplyfound in the possession of GeorgeWillis, alias West, colored, who wasarrested by Patrolman Judy. Westhad a trunk and a large suit case,which proved to be the hiding place ofone three-gallon tin can, and one twogallon tin cans, both filled with whiskey. In the suit case was six quartbottles and six half-pints of beer,which Willis claimed was in. transit toJelllco, TeniL, in his care. Willis isin Jail awaiting appearance before thegrand jury on the charge of havingliquor-in his possession in local opUonterritorv for unlawful purposes.SOCIAL AND PERSONAL.Comings and Goings of OurPeople Here, There andElsewhere.,.. -. ,, rito her h0p ,-UZ ? T nJs returned and Pleasant streets some monthsto SSi1 be -ilh appropriate cerMr. J. A. Stern, of the Fair Store emonies' on next Sunday afternoon,has gone to Mt. Clemens. Mioh tn Ma 20' at 3:30 o'clock.,stoy some time.Mr. James Metcalf, Jr., of theLouisville & Nashville, has returnedfrom a visit to his mother, Mrs. Jas.Metcalf, in New York.72l oSelSi!tne nurses stAfr nf Hio atooou rnm 1,1HnanUai i- !, ?,. i x ;former home in Lonuon. Kv for nn-vw w vAt - L..---I L1LV. 11HM HflTlM T n HOrextended visitMiss Helen Downs, of Cynthiana,vsiting Nurse for Harrison county,a SUe?t of friends in Paris, Tueduuy ana weanesaay,Vale Baldwin, son off Mr. and Mrs.Harry Baldwin, has been very ill forseveral days with tonsilites, but wassomewhat improved yesterday.Miss Anna Louise Barclay has returned to her home in this city after apleasantvisit with relatives in Mt.Sterlng and Montgomery county.Mrs. John B. Mackey and littleson, who have been guests of Mr. SamMackey and family, for several days,have returned to their home in Covington. den shipp motored to Louisville, Satur-, ayf to witness the running of the'Kentucky .Derby at the Churchill.Downs track.Mr. C. L. Steenbergen, manager ofthe Paris Gas & Electric Co., leftTuesday for Buffalo, New York, to attend the sessions of the National GasAssociation there.Mrs. Robert G. Stoner, of Paris,and Mt Sterling has been selected assponger ior iveniucKy on tne stau orGen. Wm. J. Stone, at the meeting ofthe United Confederate Veterans, tobe held in Washington, June 4 to 8,inclusive.The regular monthly social and lit-- meeting of the Paris Epwortl.T -n I1-1 -.T l-i IfAfliNIInt .V.....1. ,,-. -,"f; "?" ," T ."" ?1 -.,,"re-,Mrg Jameg B Grinnellf on South HighI Hill IMVil llllll MI I IIM Mfllllf-a III VII" HUMstreet The memberb enjoyed a mostexecllent program.Mr. and Mrs. Sidney Ardery, Jr..have gone to housekeeping in theBroomhall residence on Houston avenue, which they recently purchased.The home has been remodeled andmade into one of the most comfortable places in the city.mikr MahAi Smith rlmhtpr nf Mrand Mrs. W. T. Smith, of near Cyn- has sent partial relief. A special mesthiana, who has been attending the sage from the Weather Bureau atNorth Middletown College, was taken Washington bears the comforting as-to her home Wednesday, threatenedwith an attack of appendicitis. Hermother accompanied her home.,.r"M?.?- JC,THsle?r' SSS L-!rle'Miss Mildred Lisle Mrs White Var-den and Mr. and Mrs. Charles Whitewere guests at an informal dininggiven Tuesday by Mr. and Mrs. Rufus or e nocK mountain; auu wuimeiLisle, at their home in Winchester. A weather may be expected without probsplendid menu was served and the re- ability of a return to unseasonable lowunion was greatly enjoyed. tenmerature for some time to come."Miss Annie M. Casey, of Maysville,Visiting Nurse for the Mason County. A , ...0.,,Superintendent J. J. Tucker ofthe Metropolitan Life Insurance Co..which company materially assists theHealth and Welfare Leagues of thecounties in their district in workErringer, who owns and operates a big ifruit ranch near Fillmore, California !which is producing immense crops offruits.Flemingsburg Times Democrat:"Mrs. Mary Fleming went to Hutchison, Bourbon county, Friday afternoon to visit her sister. Mrs. Rev. J.J. Dickey, who is quite ill from fever Wednesday and Thursday of next....Mrs S. E. McClanahan came in week M 23 and 24, have been sefrom Pans, Tuesday afternoon, to visit. d date8 f h ,d, gundher parents, W. H. Fans and wife. . . . , , , . .. . - . -,-, , . -ThosS. Drenan returned to Bourbon School Institute of the Frankfort Discounty Friday afternoon after a visit to trict of the Methodist church, in thishis sister and friends." city.I Delegates will be present from theCarlisle Mercury: "Mr Nathan Sunday Schools of Paris, Hutchison,Bayless, of Paris, most widely known ,,,... rnrp-Mnwn PVsnVfnrfhorse dealer in the State, was a court mnnl:Aday visitor Monday and while here and ML Hope. The Sunday Schoolspent the day with Mr. James L. Don- superintendents, pastors, officers andnell Mrs. Homer Bidwell returnedherhome in Paris after a visit withher sistei.f Mrs Ella Rossell Mr.Henry Morgan, Mr. Woodson Morgan,of Peoria, 111., and Miss Holladay, ofParis, spent the day Tuesday witn MrsFrankie Morgan."Miss Mae Hall, musical director atthe Paris Grand Opera House and theAiamo xneaire. mib ueeu "transieiTcu ii tue ouunu mcauc, mLexington. Miss Hall is one of theof the local movie houses that nerstay in Lexington will be of short du-ration. During Miss Hall's absenceher place is being filled by Miss Flos-sie Sheriff, of Lexington.Dr. Ed. Rogers, of Vermont, was .1welcome visitor in this section this-week. While visiting his aunt, Mr3.Samuel Clay, in Lexington, Dr. Rogers.Mr. Clay, Mrs. Bishop Clay and Mrs.Crosby Gassoway motored to Paris forwMcS was his ft vtshere "inrrirrirrr rni, aHfi oirt mun.try place where the marriage of Mr.and Mrs. Samuel Clay occurred fiftythre years ago, and the visit there wasof much interest and pleasure to theparty.(Other Personals on Page 3.)TEACHERS' CHECKS MAILED.Checks for the pay of city schoolteachers have been sent out by StateTreasurer Sherman Goodpaster, fromhis office at FrankfortChecks had previously been sent outfor the pay of rural teachers, who aredependent on the State school fund fortheir salaries.LAYING OF CORNERSTONEOF NEW CHURCH SUNDAYThe cornerstone of the new Presbyterian church, construction work onwhich was started on the site of theold church, at the corner of SixthThe ceremonies will be most inipres-sive and if the weather be propitious, ;there will no doubt be a large crowd 'present to witness the services. InonaPt nf hafl wo?lfn- ,, er,minnr, mbe "eld "e .court house, where thecongregation has been worshhoin- w tsince the razing of tlie old church, 'which was in its time one of themo8t historic church edifices in theState. jThe program for the ceremonies isas follows:Rev. Dr. J. Grey McAllister, of Louisville presiding.Hymn Congregation.Invocation and Scripture Reading.Address Dr. F. J. Cheek, Danville.Chorus.Address "Our Church," Hon. E. M.jDickson, Paris.Chorus.Ceremony of Laying the Cornerstoneby tne Elders of the Cnurcu GeoTZQw. .uavis, nuuert jr. uw, r. j. x.Vansant, James D. McClintock, Chas.B. Mitchell, James M. Dodge.Prayer.Song, "America" Congregation.A cordial invitation is extended tothe congregations of all the churchesand tha .nnhlio In ireneral to be nresentand witae88 the ceremonies and takepart in the exercises.QUALITY FIRST AND ALWAYS.You get the same quality in ourclothes at the same prices as always.Qllltc 5t1 t 53J, W. DAVIS & CO.MILLINERY.Of all kinds can be found at(It) HARRY SIMON'S.SUMMER PERHAPS HERE?After several weeks of unseason-ably cold weather, the weather mansurance that summer weather is athand. The text of the message is asfollows:"The occurrence of the summer typeure distributIon indicates the, . , , ,nA oof Iend of tne Prolonged cool period eastFarmers and gardeners, in additionto those who have new spring clothesand low cut shoes, will welcome thereturn after a. long vacation or sum-d Th lanti of tne corn. .J . ,,?, m. .,,P Is talreadfs considerably retardedin certain sections by the cold days,and that portion which lias beenLADIES SUITS.Harry Simon is closing out all his$22.50 and $25 suits, at $14.98. (It)SUNDAY SCHOOL INSTI- 'I TUTE AT PARIS, MAY 23-24teacners irom euuu uj. iubhb auuuuia aicexpected to attend alsoRev. C. F. Oney, Presiding Elder ofthe Frankfort District, will presideover the meetings.U. D. C. MEETINGDATE IS CHANGED.THE NEWS i8 requested to state... . , A, ithat owing to the patriotic meetingChapter of the American lied! uross,the meeting of the local chapterDaughters of the Confederacy has beenclianged fro(m Saturday afternoon to, Ig (Friday) afternoon, at 2:30o'clock,The meeting will be held in the' Confederate room in the court house,When a program of interest will beJ rendered As thIs will De the lastmeeting 0-f the chapter for some time,it Is very essential that there be a fullattendance of the members.FREE POSTAGE FOR SOLDIERS.THE NEWS has been advised thatcandies, magazines, tobacco and othercamp luxuries will be delivered tomobilized soldiers without ipostagecharge by the postal service. This order only applies to packages impersonally directed.Directions are that organizations orindividuals desiring to send articles forthe pleasure or comfort of the soldiersdirect them to the commanding officers,and they will be distributed by the officers among the enlisted men.! PRANKfS,8i:iFRANK & COMPANYKaltexPorch Furniture!You Wish YOUR PORCH to Look the BEST. KALTEXFURNITURE Will Accomplish This For You.We have at last received this line of Chairs and Swings in the beautifulBaronial Brown. Every piece is practically indestructible, as every one is built onwire and the joints reinforced with steel braces. We show you one pattern here,but have many in stock to show you.Porch and Lawn Swings, RefrigeratorsVudor Porch Shades areTHEJ.T.HINTOJVCO.MOTOR HEARSE"CITHERPHONE"& COMPANYTHE RELIABLE STORESpecial PricesSUITS, COATSAND DRBSSBSNever, so early in the season, havewe made such attractive prices, orhad such a complete stock to selectfrom. Come in and take a look.SPECIAL!Now Showing Newest StylesWash SkirtsWash Dressesand House DressesI 1 1 l x fcfcJJ " 1 ' '- 1 1 1 -rm -I Cotlinq ME. ! IT Tfzz: r - - Tf zzI Vudnr ln..nH-n mn Putrnw tjMOTOR INVALID COACH36In"-JvJthe Best!UNDERTAKINGSIXTH AND MAJN STS.kAtimm1Mlr-1c,t'lfttiTHE BOURBON NEWS, PARIS, KY.FRIDAY, MAY 18, 1917."ffx'0MM?tfinH.JfWVf jSrJ Black Treadytlfev' mry -pd sides4 ittiies ma savtis ,The first-hand, cash, saving in buyinone Diamond Tire is evident.Add to that the longer and better service for the money.Natural, four Diamondsthat saving and service for youEnormous productionmanufacturing- economiestf&i'PfefsvaBrwtt.' rsi-i wc: aVaSC. S. BALLCor. 4th & PleasantHfflHIIIMIIIHIMCOMPLETE TRAINING PLANSFOR DRAFTED MEN.A full outline of plans for trainingthe first 10,000 officers for the first500,000 troops raised by selective conscription has been made public by theWar DepartmentAfter three months instruction atthe training camps the 10,000 officersfor sixteen Infantry and two cavalrydivisions -will be selected on meritfrom the total of 40,000 and assignedto regiments which will be called tothe colors a month or two later. Theother 30,000 men who are found qualified as commissioned officers in thereserve, corps will be called out forduty as needed.Sites for the mobilization campshave not been arranged, but they willous bettering or oroduct low sel- WWw.ling cost-tiiese combine to your J&ffilj&gnbenefit TSMWV, ,o,, .M W -c ir SRJMMnow. Get a Diamond Squee- !M$$:&srgee Tread. Keep o.i until you &f$M0&LIre driving on four Diamonds jg&gfeg-and saving on each. SMErerv Diamond Ti.c r?:n.r dc I-t-?v v s v&ct-yliver fu'livoift service. If ever Irj&C "& WM'7a Diamond Tire fail, a checnu!, P$3t R5 $'jwilling adjustment vili ba Sg'promptly made. :S-"'i$;5IiisarwsfttB A jdi &&&&?L. & N. TIME TABLEEffective Sunday, April 22, 1917, 12:01 a. m.TfiAINS FROM ARRIVAL73$ Lexington, daily except Sunday 5:18 m34 Atlanta, daily 5:25 am15 Cynthlana, daily except Sunday .... .7:35 amif Rowland, daily except Sunday .....7:36 amll Maysville daily except Sunday. . . .7: JW am40 Lexington daily except Sunday '.. , ...7:40 a211 Maysville, Sunday anly 8:00 sun210 Rowland, Sunday only 8:85 am140 Lexington, Sunday only 8:10 amIf Maysville, daily except Sunday 9:50 amm Cincinnati, O., dally 3:51 am13 Lexington, daily 10:12 amS3 Chicago, daily . 10:17 am26 Lexington, Daily Except Sunday 12:00 m99 Cynthlana, Daily Except Sunday 2.:55 pm9 MaysYille, Daily Except Sunday 3:00 pm138 Lexington, Daily 3:12 pm38 Knoxville, Tenn., Daily 3:15 pm19 Maysville, Daily 5:40 pm39 Cincinnati, Daily Except Sunday 5:50 pm14 Lexington, Daily Except Sunday 6:18 pm32 Jacksonville, Fla., Daily 6:33 pm214 Lexington, Sunday only 9:20 pm239 Cincinnati, Sunday only 9:30 pm31 Cincinnati, O., Daily 10:38 pm130 Lexington Daily 10:23 p mTRAINS FOR LEAVE16 Maysville, Daily except Sunday 5:30 am34 Cincinnati, waily i .. 5:30 am40 Cincinnati, daily except Sunday .' . . . u. 7:45 am11 Lexington, daily except Sunday 7:47 am10 Maysville, daily except Sunday 7:48 am211 Lexington, Sunday only .' 8:10 am340 Cincinnati, Sunday only 8:20 am35. Lexington, dally except Sunday 9:55 am37 Knoxville, daily 9:57 am133 Lexington, daily 10;20 am33 Jacksonville, dally 10:22 am18 Maysville, daily . 12:04 pm26 Cynthlana, daily except Sunday 12:05 pm13 Lexington, daily except Sunday 3:17 pm38 Cincinnati, daily 3:20 pm39 Lexington,1 daily except Sunday 5:57 pi9 Rowland, Daily except Sunday 6:00 gsn14 Maysville, daily except Suaday 6:32 pm9B Chicago, dally . 6:38 pm30 Cynthlana, dally except Sunday 6:48 pm139 Lexington, Sunday only .....-, 9:38 pmHi -MaysYille, Sunday only , 30 pm214 Maysville, Sunday only . 9:30 pm239 Lexington, Sunday only 9:gg pm309 Richmond, Sunday only 9:40 pm119 Rowland, Sunday only 9:40 pip129 Lexington, Daily 6:35 p mE" cfc O- TPUVEE-TABIjtEINO. TRAINS ARRIVE FROM2 Frankfort, Ky., Dally Bx. , Sunday , , 7:31 a m4 Frankfort, Ky., Daily Ex. Sunday. g: J mTRAIN DEPART FOR1 Frankfort Ky., Dally Ex. Sunday,.. ....-. ;. t:2i a. m..XFrankfort, Ky., .DallyEx. -Sunday ?.,.,t.-t f:JC p. a.ior ipK0yR?D "sJaa?8.,WBpJ31multiplyby four.greatstuci -SqueegeeTreadGARAGESts., Paris, Ky.be in each case within the limits ofthe district prescribed for the officers'training camps. tFor the first of their training theofficers candidates will be organized into fourteen infantry companies anddrilled as such by regular and nationalguard officers and such of- their ownnumber as may be qualified for command. Then they will be organized bindividual fitness into nine infantrycompanies, three batteries of artilleryand two troops of cavalry.After the Honeymoon."Does your husband love you aswell as he did when you were firstmarried?" "He claims to, but hedoesn't make such a Zuss about it."Puck.BSrasSSSfflSHSR.mLEGENDS GF WARMany Strange Superstitions AreBorn on Battlefield.GOLD COINS GOOD LUCK SIGNSTo Dream of Autobus Considered DeathToken Appeals to Have CurrencySent to Bank of France and Keep ItFrom Enemy Rsduces Amount atFront.Paris. The character of the war hasallowed a number of legends and superstitions to be born and spread,some of which can be traced and explained, while others remain obscure.To dream of an autobus has becomea token of death. Apollinaire, thepoet, has found this superstition infour different regiments and gives astory of a sergeant who succeeded inaverting the omen in the case of a corporal who said he had dreamed of anautobus. "How can that be," the sergeant asked, "when you have never,been to Paris or seen an autobus?"I The corporal described the vision."That an autobus! declared the sergeant. "Why, that's one of those newmachines that the English are using.Don't let that worry you."A regiment from the south has thesame belief about an automobile wagoninstead of an autobus and can quotemany examples of the truth of suchdreams.Gold coins are a mascot in the frontlines, a superstition not difficult to explain. It was at first believed thatwounded men on whom some gold wasfound would be better looked after bythose who found them, and by degreesthe belief grew up, especially amongartillery, that a gold coin was a talisman against being mutilated if theywere taken prisoners whether woundedor not.Apollinaire knew of a certain batterywhich in May, 3915, had some $1,000in gold among its men, thanks chieflyto their commerce in rings, paperknives and other souvenirs, made bythem from cartridge cases and aluminum and sold to foot soldiers.The government's appeals to havegold sent to the Bank of France andnot to let it fall Into enemy hands Incase of capture have since reduced theamount of gold at the front, but manykeep some coins as a charm. Many mensew coin touching one another in sucha way us to make a shield over theheart.A story that is believed in the ranksshows how gold can attract the Germans. A sergeant made a gold coinglitter in the sun and some thirstyGerman soldiers walked right up to theFrench trench, charmed by its dazzle,and were easily captured."Every man has his own particularstar," a Lyons farm hand said to Apollinaire, "but he must know It A goldcoin is the only means to put you incommunication with your star, so thatits protecting virtue can be exercised.I have a piece of gold and so am easyin my mind I shall never be touched."As a matter of fact he was seriouslywounded later.MULE BEAT HORSE AND MOTORPrvW Superior In Rural Mail ServiceThreuflh Snow and Ice.Middleboro, Mass. A sure footedmule accustomed to many hardshipsproved auperior to aoraa and motorcarin the delivery of rural mall throughhighwayg packed deep with drifts ofice and snow. Not alnce the rural routehereabout waa established -fifteen yearsago had such road conditions been reported as a result of a March snowstorm. Samuel Guilford, a carrier, tried toreach the country districts in a horsedrawn pung, ant made no progress.Later an automobile was pressed intouse; but, like the horse, it failed. ThenGuilford hired a mule and experiencedno further trouble.ODD MALADY IN WISCONSIN.Swollen Glands and High TemperatureFeatures of Outbreak.Galesville, Wis. Four persons havedied here and scores are ill, some critically, from a disease the nature ofwhich has baffled physicians from theRochester (Minn.) foundation and thelocal health authorities. Schools havebeen closed as a result of the outbreak.City oflicials appealed to physiciansin other cities for assistance in checking the spread of the malady. According to the statement of physicians whouao had the disease under observation, little difficulty is experienced indetecting the symptoms, swollenglands and high temperature, but addthat the proper treatment has not beendeveloped."BABY WEEK" IS SELECTED.Welfare Association 8sts May 1-6 asPeriod of Celebration.New York. May 1 to 0 has been designated as "baby week" throughoutthe country. The .Babies' Welfare associalion of New York city urges allorganizations to undertake local celebrations in the districts where theywork' and advises that In view of theI preseat national situation no attemptbe made) to form a centrally organizedcommitted to run a campaign likethose of previous years.It is felt that the work of instructingparents in the nse4s and rights offcabyhoad can be done Just as'effeotiTy in tbhs way.STOCK, CROP, ETC.I Mr. Henry S. Caywood, of NorthMiddletown, bought last week of Mr.junaries u. Mcuonam, oi near vvmene?ter, forty head of cattle that weighei1,300 pounds each, for 11 cents pertpound. The cattle were shipped toSwift & Co., at Chicago.Messrs. A. P. Adair &. Son, ofParis report the following sales ofDuroc-Jerseys, Shorthorn cattle andSouthdown, rams: To W. S. EversoleHinton, Ky., a fall boar for ?30; to MS. Minzner, Nicholasville, a fall bore,for $30; to H. Hutchison, of Bourboncounty, two fall boars for $50; to A.M. Caden, of Lexington, a bred gilt for$50; to Fred M. Fisher, of Bourboncomity, a fall boar for $25; to W. M.Tye, of Knott county, a Shorthorn bulland a cow for $300; to Warren Bacon,of Gallion, Alabama, three rams; toCalvin Jones, of Bourbon county, fiverams.I GALSWORTHY'S MASTERPIECE.! "Beyond" in Comopolitan Magazineis exactly that a great serial somesay it is the best story that has everappeared in Cosmopolitan. At anyrate it stabs deep into the heart of life;and there discloses the sources of destiny. "A Chronicle of Life" is Mr.Glasworthy's own definition of "Beyond." i Mr. Galsworthy lets life itself showthe workings of the law of the inevitable. He tags neither causes orconsequences with names, but hepaints the picture for all to see, andto understand if they will think. Thisserial will dominate readers of Cosmopolitan to its last installment; itslast word.CANADIAN LAD WANTSTO BECOME AMERICAN.George Hollis, five years old, livingin the Canadian Soo, has the making ofa good American.! He boarded an international trainrecently at his home town to comeinto the United States on a secretmission. The conductor and immigration officials who are ever alert.nowadays noticed George and asked'him to sit with his father.I George strutted through the smoking car with the officials on his trail.He looked from one man to the otheruntil he reached' a man in the lastseat."Here's my father," said George."I never saw the boy before," saidthe man.The boy insisted that the man washis father until he was threatenedwith a spankingr Then he sobbed andsaid: ."I wanted to come to the UnitedStates and buy a flag. My daddy saidthe United States was run by Godand I wanted to show God that Iloved him."He carried six large American flagsand wore a broad smile when heboarded the train for its short runback into Canada.ROAD TO HAPPINESS.Be amiable, cheerful and good natured and you are much more likelyto be happy. You will find this diffljcult, if not impossible, however, whenyou are constantly troubled with constiDation. Take Chamberlain's Tablets and get rid of that and it will beeasy. These tablets not only movethe bowels, but improve the appetiteand strengthen the digestion.(may-adv)President Poincare. of France, hasmade a collection of photographs ofEnglish soldiers who have won theVictoria Cross.FOR YOUR CHILD'S COUGH.Here's a pleasant cough syrup thatevery child likes to take, Dr. Bell'sPine-Tar-Honey. If your child has adeep hacking cough that worries yougive him Dr. Bell's Pine-Tar-Honey,the soothing pine balsams relieve thecough, loosens the phlegm and healsthe irritated tissues. Get a bottle today at your druggist and start treatment at one. 25c.(may-adv)Try a PackagejofDarling'sMeatCrispsFor Your Little ChickensIt is Just the Thing.For Sale byW. C. DODSON.South Main St.The Home of Good CoalMimHHtflti!flHHWIIIIIIIMIIIIIIIIMSPECIAL!Ladies9 Black Kid, White WashableKid TopLadies9 Brown Kid, White WashableKid Top$5Regular $8.00 ValuesWe have about 30 pairs of bothwhich we are closing out. Comewhile we have your size.HARRY4"ll'?'I'iaiiIliIi'I - 'I' - l''I'' - fr'p'jtMMMMMMIMMHMtSpecialIs Called To Our Pretty Display OfSUMMER DRY GOODS, xDRESS GOODS, SILKS,LADIES' SUITS, SILK SUITS,SILK SKIRTS, COATS, WAISTS.Handsome Display ofLADIES', MISSES' AND CHILDREN'STRIMMED HATSWE GIVE BLUE STAMPS. Call in. We are pleasedto show you. We are reasonable in price, and will saveyou on your purchases.Cwin Bros. Department storeStwntb and main $t$.LSfLJUSjKUlWhere paint is scanty, thewinter gales drive snow intothe wood's tiny cracks andcrevices. There, in clapboardsand under eaves, it melts,swells the boards until the paint is pushedoff, and spreads decay which only carpentrycan remedy.How do your buildings fare in winter? They willstay sound and sturdy, not only in winter but in allseasons, if protected with Dutch Boy White-Lead,thinned with, pure linseed oil, a paint that combineslong-lasting protection and good looks.Call on us for all paint materials. We know paintfrom A to Z, and can give expert advice. Call, 'phoneor write.C. A. DAUGHERTYSPECIALSFOR A FEW DAYS!We Are Offering Real Bargains InMEN'S SUITSSee the values, which are on display in our windows.$10.00, $12.50, $15.00You'll save from $2.50 to $5.00.Be Sure and BuyWe Are95They areTWINClothing and Shoe Deat.95tLINVILLE I!- I''I - 'I - I'1 - vv'I' - !'''!Ml - - - I - '!' - ..i..i..i.,i....i..gAttention !Paris, KtHfuckyDutch BoyAnchorWhite-LeadSome of the ShirtsSelling ForCents$1.50 Values.BROSMl'L. Walliteia, Praaf, '"fe--yRIDAY, MAY 18, 1917.iHE BOURBON NEWS, PARIS, KY.FA6E SEVfw m i ii.mmiinMj.i i ttiHj n. Tua wmVMwrwfct tnm. ? y tvKTMarTMjyRj9vrvcasjewvna-TnrHENRY P. RHINOCKPRJUSESTANLAGBrother of Ex-Congressman IsBack in Good Shape.WAS ONCE ALL RUN DOWNLOOK OUT BACHELORS. .Senator Kenyon proposes that theconsnption age limit for unmarried;nien be raised to 45. This reveals statistics showing that 45 per cent, ofAmerican ,men of military age are unmarried men between 18 and 44. Nearly one-half of the age group between 'the earliest age for marriage and 44years are bachelors. There are 10,-,000,000 of 'em. They have not done!their duty to their country by giving,it sons. Those who are forty-four; might have sons of military age hadthey married young. Even those fortyyears old might have sons old enoughnow, or old enough to be called nextyear. Senator Kenyon would see theHenry l Khinock is knowu to thou- "slacker" who have avoided the re--ands in Covington and throughout sPnsibility of marriage removed fromthe state. He is ji brother of Joseph .tne list of Possible military slackers.Rhhiock. former congressman from the It is a well known and a significantJJixth district of Kentucky and at one fact tliat tlle growing cost of livingtime mayor of Covington. Henry llas made many men hesitate to mar-Khluock. who lives in Covington, Ky!, ry. It would be unprecedented we be-ja one of many prominent men that Heve to call on unmarried men at ageshave come out publicly and indorsed beyond those of married men eligibleTanhu. for service. The appeal of the justice"l was troubled with my stomach." 'of such a call might be felt by Senahr said, "and jaS formed after eating, tors more than the appeal of the midj couldn't seem to get a good night's die aged bachelor as military matersr. When 1 did go to bed 1 would rial would be felt by the selectingi- Mwnke for a long time. drafters. Neverthless all but born"During the day I had faintiim fighters among bachelors under 44 who-pel!.--, when sput formed before i:i.v have been leading easy lives, financieyes. This hi itself was b:ul enough ally, and mocking the financially burtjt the heavy, dull feeling I had ino-t dened married men will view with unof the time was ore. .Little, linini- easiness the Senator's proposal.Kftaiit things irritated me ami 1 Frankfort State Journal.Thought I would have to drop m.v Imsi- Ioss for awhile, but about that time GERMANY ALWAYS INsoait one m-ounnemled Tanlae to me. ! INTRIGUE AGAINST ALLIES.A iiHta as I started taking Ttinlnr jftotK-iHl my appetite got better. Food I LONDON, May 17. In the House offiwi 1 didn't dare touch before now Commons, Monday, John Annan'utvs u-ood to me and I diw.-t it with- J?ryc?' Lib?ral. member for Invernessnut anv trouble -it -ill .Burghs, referring to the talk heard in.,T , , , i i ,, foreign countries as to the desirabilityI go to bed and sleep soundly now. of raaking a separate peace with Aus-stniip.it througn till mornin- Thai tria. which he said was pronounced atiretl. dratary feeling is gone too." j deplorable impression in some of thoIf .ou don't feel riirlii wt Tanlae allied nations, invited the Governmentto'lay. Sour stomach, which causes to declare that in no circumstancesf inqri rjnti Jxat.rcrivrrte--rtsbloating and belching, dizzy spells, .would it conclude such a peace witnheadaches, sleeplessness, bad breath,M taste in the mouth and that general tired, run down feeling are allsigns that nature needs help to putj'OTr sjstcin bjick in shape.Austria. He believed such a declaration would have an excellent effect inRussia.Andrew Bonar Law, Chancellor ofthe Exchequer, in replying said therehad never been a question of making3-Unique nemoria! Coamplefed ,1 iiGetfMary Baker Eddy Memorial, Mt. Auburn Cemetery, Cambridge, Mass.The beautiful memorial to MaryBaker Eddy, the Discoverer and Founder of Christian Science, has beenturned over to The Christian ScienceBoard of Directors by Elbert S. Barlow of New York City who held thecontract for its construction.The memorial, which is at Mt. Alburn cemetery, Cambridge, Mass., hasrequired over a year and a half tocomplete. The fund for its construction, amounting to over $150,000, wasfirst announced by the directors inTanHe thefpr m0,ii,inn o, a separate peace, but he considered the ime rill s some ume aB,21 SGr ,.meSane ? whole matter depended on dream- .ully lu.bcr. These contributionsstances."Germany is always trying to detach some of the allies," he added,reconstructive tonic, is sold exclusively in PARIS by Varden & Son.Other exclusive agents in nearbytowns are ns followsHUTCHISON, Snell & Wood; MIL- 4nd Jt might be-I don't in the leastLERSBURG, W. G. Wadell; ELIZA mten? t0 suSepst; -" that no blowtfJETti, Oscar Smith; CARLISLETrueman & Son; GEORGETOW. ., C.H. Arnold; WINCHESTER, Duty DrugCompany; AUSTERLITZ, B. S. Parrisih. (adv.)would seem so fatal to Germany as ione of her own allies were detache!from the fight'EXPANSION OF REGPLAR ARMYBEST REMEDY FORWHOOPING COUGH"Last winter when my little boy hadTlfACUIVnTOM T.. ir r uic nuwHU6 wu6ui i gate mm wuuairJ5-Xn . JLi (r,,' berlain's Cough Remedy," writes Mrs.8ion of the rcguraJ arany to the full T WWff Woof 0 T,ta tii "rfJ. AWUUUitd AJUV fcJW Awu.&jr .& AY:ar strength, contemplated in the Administration army bill, has been authorized by President Wilson. Organisation of the new regiments has already begun.e About 65,000 of th1,83,000 have been recruited.Tho immediate effect of the ordcwill be to promote nearly two thirdsf the present officers of the regulararmy.LEXINGTON, KY., May 17. In aletter received yesterday from thearmy's Central Department headquarters at Chicago by secretary DennyB Goode, of the "Lexington Board ofCommerce, is the following: "Indications are now that it is possible a larger camp will be built at Lexingtonthan was at first thought, and it isrot beyond hope that there may beo. concentration camp at Lexington."kept his cough loose and relieve himof those dreadful coughing spells. Itis the only cough medicine I keep inthe house because I have the mostconfidence in it" This remedy isalso good for colds and croup.(may-adv)Silk manufacturers in Japan are nowreceiving, for the first time, ordersfrom the United States for silk neckwmr. Probably more young people wouldembark on the tempestuous sea of matrimony if parents would lift the block-atte.The skylark and the woodlark arethought to be the only birds that singai they fly.A barge built for the harvestinghelp on the Pacific coast gathers up500 tons of seaweed on a trip.CLEAR AWAY THE WASTEBowel regularity is the secret ofhave been made as expressions ofsentiment by Christian Scientiststhroughout the world.The site on which the memorial Islocated is not only one of great natural beauty, but on account of itsgrade has rendered possible a morepicturesque and interesting treatmentarchitecturally than would be possible on a perfect level lot. The plot,which is approximately SO feet square,slopes gradually from the level ofthe roadway to the lake with a dropof about ten feet. The memorial consists of a circular open colonnade ofeight columns, resting upon a stylobate of three steps, surrounded on thefront by a circular platform slightlyabove the natural grade, from whichplatform a double flight of steps leadsto a lower platform at the lake's edge.The scheme has no prototype and ismerely a screen of columns open tothe sky, inclosing a flower-grown circle. The material used for the memorialis Bethel white granite, the inscription in the frieze and upon the top ofthe pylons being of white bronze setdeep Into the stone work. The detail,which on account of the size of thoreproduction is oily indicated, is entirely floral in form and free in treatment, the wild rose and the morningglory being used as the main motives.It is interesting architecturally tonote that while it is extremely free intreatment and not at all conventional,it is generally very classic In feeling.The extreme width of the memorial isabout fifty feet, and the colonnade iseighteen feet in diameter. The columns themselves are fifteen feet inheight and are cimilar in generalcharacter to those in the Clepsydraof .ndronicus of Cyrrhus. The largepylons were exhibited at the American Institute of Architecture in NewYork a short time ago and expertspronounced them the finest pieces ofcarved granite ever executed.The architect is Egerton Swartwoutof New York City who designed thenew George- Washington memorial,the new Missouri state capitol and thnew Federal building: in Denver.AMERICAN ARMY ONFRENCH SOIL IN JULY.LENGTH OF THE WAR.(Thomas F. Logan in Leslie's.)Germany will either crack from theinside or there will be a long war. ItWASHINGTON, May 17. Movedby the jleas of Marshal Joffre andother members of tne French andBritish war mission, President Wilson is for a long war that, the Unitednas aeciaeci to sena American troops 'states is oreparing. Even though seas possiblerOPean g M Sn tlectiVe conscriP Ses nto effect,The War Department has been in-'!1 wiI1 be a year before this cc-uMrystructed to rush all plans and army has an armr of one million men. Theofficers predict that American troops armv ,may be needed to repel a Gerwill be on French soil before the end,nian attack by way of Mexico, or itof July. may be used to strengthen the forcesThe president is giving his attention battling in France. If it is a long war,to the selection of a general to com- the United States will hnvn mi nnnnr.good health, bright eyes, clear com- mand the first contingent. The cen- tunitv to eet in nn to thP hilt wirhplexions, and Dr. King's New Life sorship forbids mention of the name " -h?n, ni 1 vS . iPills are a mild and gentle laxative of the man who appears most likely men: slPsMand ;nione The co-op-thatregulates the bowels and relieves to be chosen, but it can be said that eratlon of the United States is largelythe congested intestines by removing he is a general of iong, active ser- restricted to loans to the. Allies andthe accumulated wastes without grip- vice, who has achieveu a most credit- patrol work by the fleet. British anding. Take a pill before retiring and able record in recent military history. French Admirals at a recent conferthat heavy head, that dull spring fever He has been summoned to Washington ence with Secretary Daniels arrangedfeeling disappears, uet ur. lungs to comer witn tne resident. for Atmerican warships to relfeve theNew Life Pills at your druggist, 25c.(may-adv)1- tjm5dPywyT T TiviyivivivProtect ,Your FamilyThere's no surer way of providing for the ones you love thanbanking y our cash.The man with money in bankis prepared for a business reverse or loss of position.Cash in bank gives him a newgrip on life.Deposit your surplus cashnow. Don't waste it. Don tdelay.You'll be surprised to seehow an account grows.See us today about an account.The present iplan is tO Send from British and Frennh nlnntr Hip. AHanHntwo to four divisions of q troops, num- coast and egpeciall at the f'bering from 56,000 to 112,000 men. It tL m. m , x.-,1s probable that about one-third will Mexi?; e allied warships are not.be seasoned regular anmy men and Permitted to use American ports asthe remainder national guardsmen coanng ana supply stations. Theand volunteers. Shipping Board announced plans forj Regulars are to be included in the the immediate construction of 1,000expeditionary force to furnish a sta- wooden boats of 3,000 tons capacity.me nucleus ui traineu men. in ex- the entire number to be completed bypanding the regular army the War the end of ths T, wluDepartment is already separating onnnUoa tHo A11,QO QTr Q ovregiments into three battalions, each f , . , . . . ' , ; "of which is to form the nucelus,of a Tected to break the blockade of thenew regiment. submarines. All will be armed. SoThe guardsmen selected for the ex- far, the American Government haspeditionary force will be the pick of been dilatory in arming merchantthose who received training on the men. More contracts should be issuMexican border last year. jed for the manufacture of a suffici-ient number of guns for coastwisePROPER FOOD FOR 'ships, as well as for merchantmen inWEAK STOMACHS the trans-Atlantic trade, but these., . plans have not yet materialized.The proper food for one man may boall wrong for another. Every one)should adopt a diet suitable to his age iand occupation. Those who haveweak stomachs need to be especiallycareful and should eat slowly andmasticate their food thoroughly. It isalso important that they keep theirbowels regular. When they becomeconstipated or when they feel dull andWWVIVIFarmers' & Traders' Bank". P K1SER), PrwldwtW. W. MITCHELL, Cashier.WM. GRIMES, Bookkeeper.Sixth and Main Street Paris, KyTar Water.Tar water "was a cure-all in theeighteenth century. It "was preparedby pouring ti gallon of water on aquart of tar, and the dose was half apint in the morning and a second glassin the afternoon. Its use became sostupid after eating, they should take J fashionable that a contemporary not-Chamberlain's Tablets to strengthenthe stomach and move the bowels.They are easy to take and pleasant ineffect.(may-adv)One Way to Be Safe.,rMaj we have some more crullers,grandma? I'm sure they won't hurtus if we're careful not to enjoy them."Life.dt "It's as common to call for a glassof tar water in a eoffee house as a dishof tea or coffee."DON'T LET YOUR COUGH HANG ONijuSUCll CTMiddle yipMany distressing Ailments experiencedby them are Alleviated by Lydia ELPinkham's Vegetable Compound.llllllKlii! IHere is Proof by Women who Know.Lowell, Mass. "For the last three years I hxiheen troubled with the Change of life and the badfeelings common at that time. I was in avery nervous condition, wicn neauacnes ana pam guoadeal of the time so I was unfit to do my work. AMend asked me to try Lydia E. Pinkham's Vegetable Compound, which I did, and it has helped me inevery way. I am not nearly so nervous, no headache or pain. I must say that Lydia E. Pinkham'sVegetable Compound is the besc remedy any sickwoman can take." Mrs. Margaret Quinn, Rear259 Worthen St, Lowell, Mass.She Tells Her Friends to Take Lydia E. Pinkham's RemediesNorth Haven, Conn. "When I was 45 I had the Change of lifewhich is a trouble all women have. At first it didn't bother mebut after a while I got bearing down pains. I called in doctors whotold me to try different things but they did not cure my pains. Oneday my husband came home and said, '"Why don't vou try Lydia E.Pinkham's Vegetable Compound and Sanative Wash?' Well, I gotthem and took about 10 bottles of Vegetable Compound and couldfeel myself regaining my health. I also used Lydia E. Pinkham'sSanative Wash and it has done me a great deal of good. Anyonecoming to my house who suffers from female troubles or Change oflife, I tell them to take the Pinkham remedies. There are about 20of us here who think the world of them." Mrs. Florence Tfrar.TBox 197, North Haven, Conn.You are Invited to Write for Free Advice.No other medicine has heen so successful in relieving woman'ssuffering as has Lydia E. Pinkham's Vegetable Compound.Women may receive free and helpful ad vice by writing the LydiaE. Pinkham Medicine Co., Lynn, Mass. Such letters arc receivedand answe&hy women only and held in strict confidence,'OPPORTUNITY!Mr. R. F. Clendenin, Associate General Agent forthe Northwestern Mutual Life Insurance Company, inone day recently, sold $100,000 worth of life insuranceover local and long distance lines of the Home TelephoneCompany and because of such an amount of businessaccumulated in one clay, he divides the honors with usfor the efficient telephone service rendered. This is asplendid record for both Telephone and Insurance Companies. Mr. CKndenin says; "The service I get from yourCompany i all that I could ask, and on the closing dayof my campaign I used it with wonderful success."Such an opportunity in facilitating business shouldbe grasr-w! by the public in general in employing co-operation,efficiency and confidence.Paris Home Telephone & Telegraph Go.s (Incorporated)J. J. VBATCH. .District Manager.W. H. CANNON,Local Manager.THOMAS K UM1TH,Cashier.Bourbon LaundryDWIS & FUNK, Props.Telephone No. 4. West 5 StreetOlive Trees.Olive trees produce alternate crops, nfull yield generally being followed b?a scanty one the next year.A cough that racks an weakens isdangerous, it undermines your healthand thrives on neglect. Relieve it atonce with Dr. King's New Discovery.This soothing balsam remedy healsthe throat, loosens the phlegm, its antiseptic properties kill the germ andthe cold is quickly broken up. Children and growns-upa alike find Dr.King's New Discovery pleasant totake as well as effective. Have a bottle handy in your medicine chest for'grippe, croup and all bronchial affecCommon Consent.Hicks Has he any right to tk title II of colonel? "Wicks-Sure! Ertfybody tions. At drurg(sts50c.'calk kirn that.(may-adv)Satisfaction is Our. WatchwordWith all the latest im-.j provements in laundry;J appliances and expert'5r helpers we are preparedto do work inferior tonone, and solicit yourpatronage.Bourbon Laundry,Paris Kentucky.Automobile Hearse or Ambulance!I desire to announce to our friends that I can, wheredesired, furnish an automobile hearse or ambulance. Thismethod of transportation is especially desired on long trips,the same being made in better time, and at no advance incost over the horse-draWh conveyance.GEO. W. DAVIS, Mineral Director.1min'i, if iHii jf -. -j-3'fiPAGE EIGHTTHE BOURBON NEWS, PARIS, KY.' FRIDAY, MAT it, 111V6rmliif;15ui!lJ"!.'LvIi;W.inn;tH11H'II!U,fflIfBIILLERSBURGSPEARS MILL ITEMS.Miss Mary Louise Bruce, who liasjoen quite ill, is able to be out again.Mr. J. B, Cray will return to-dayirom the K. T. Conclave at Covington.Mrs. A. P. Darnell, of Georgetown,J the guest of her sister, Mrs. S. B.2nice.Miss Martha Smith was at homem Georgetown College from Fridayatil Monday.The Senior Class of M. M. I. willkold their annual lawn fete on the ver-.oadas and M. M. I. Campus from fourseven p. m. Friday.Mr. H. W. Jefferson and daughter,Miss Adrain, have returned to theirbo;me at Mayslick, after a few days'Yisit to relatives here.Mr. J. T. Adair left Monday forFort Benjamin Harrison, at Indianapolis, Ind.. where he will enter the recruiting training camp.Mrs. Roy Endicott, Misses RuthMcCliutock and Leucia Butler were inLexington. Monday, inspecting the RedGross work in that city.Mr. W. F. Link, of Paris, was givenhs Fellowcraft Degree in Amity LodgeKo. 40, F. and A. M., Tuesday evening.toy Worshipful Master, V. L. Barton.Mrs. B. H. Kerr returned Wednesday, after spending a few days at thebedside of her brother, Mr. JohnBaldwin, at Washington, who is critically ill.In the game of Daseball Monday"uetween the teams of the M. M. I. and1he Cynthia na jnh School, on the lat'i&r's grounds, the High School teamvron out .,y a score of 14 to 0.Mesdames Chas. Hainline, of Mt.Sterling. Leslie Smoot, of Maysville.and John Thompson, of Cincinnati,will arrive to-day as commencementguests of Miss Ruth MeClintock.The Patriotic Society held its second meeting at the Y. W. C. A. roomat Jthe M. C. Tuesday afternoon. Several ladies took membership. The organization is growing, and in the nextfew meetings will be able to definitelyoutline its work.Mrs. Henry Phillips, of Winchestur, will be toastmaster at the bantniet to be given by the Alumnae AsKociation of the Millersburg College,in the College building to-morrow. Alarge number of acceptances have beenreceived, indicating prospects for alarge attendance.-.Dr. and Mrs. W. M. Miller enter-rained with an elaborate dinner at.their home Wednesday for the memiters ot the Primary Department of theJfiillersburg College, in honor of the. eighth Birthday of their son, Charles.Hart Miller. A large birthday cake,with eight large lighted tapers occupied the -center of the table. The litHe guests had a very enjoable time.Friends of Miss Ethel King, of theM. C, and Mr. Clarence Wasson, wellknown in this city, were astonished toread in Tuesday's issue of the Lexington Herald a report in the Paris correspondence of their marriage, which,an the published item, was alleged tojs.ve taken place in Lexington, Monday afternoon. Investigation disclosedthe fact that Mr. Wasson and MissKing motored to Lexington, Mondayafternoon to attend a theatre party,nnd that, some mischevious friends inMillersburg telephoned the Paris correspondent of the rierald that thecouple had gone to Lexington and hadneen married there. The correspondent accepted the item in good faith,fraving no means of Knowing it was ajoke. And now those friends are having a hard time squaring themselves-with Miss King and Mr. Wasson. whowere exceedingly annoyed by the publicity thrust unwittingly upon them.DEATHS.Robert Pollitt visited friends at BROOKS.Hutchison, Sunday. Uncle James Brooks, for sixteen-Bay Mattox was a visitor m Syl- years the faithful Dorter at th n. B.vandell, Harrison county, Sunday 'Mitchell store, died Saturday morning,-Mr. James Fulconer who has been and buried gund afternoon inattending school at Berea, has returned heparIg colored BnM)kgMr. Virgil Harney was guest Sun- was one of tiie most highly respectedday of Miss Hallie Casey, near Mt. 'colored men in Paris, and was well-Canmel.Messrs. James and Walter Wellshave returned from a visit with friendsin Fayette.Master Hallie Hudnall had asguest Sunday Master Clay Huddleston,of near Paris.-Miss Beatrice Burden, of Harri-liked by every one in the city.RELIGIOUS.The Pastor's Aid Society of thePresbyterian church, will have an allday sewing at the manse on next Tuesday, May 22. As this will be the lastmeeting for some time a full attendance of the membership is desired.LOVELL.The body of Garland B. Lovell, Jr.,eight-months-old son of Garland B.and Elsie. Taylor Lovell, who diedTuesday night at the home of his parson county, is visiting at the home of ents, on the Hume and Bedford pike,Mr. and Mrs. Ora Wagoner. 'near Paris, was interred in the ParisMiss Curaa Hudnall has accepted Cemetery Wednesday afternoon. Ser-a position as Saleslady at the Busy.vinPQ vpi-a nnnrlnotPil at tho n-rnvP hv-r. fr ! C? 4-s Z -i 19-t X rRev. W. O. Sadler, pastor of the ParisBee Cash Store in Paris.Mr. Henry Napier spent severalMethodist church.days the past week with his sister,ATto Cliorn in Cnanoar onnnfvMiss Swartz. .nf Mfp.li.. is visit in it DUNNINGTONat the lirtme of Mr. and Mrs. Albert The funeral of Mr. Sidney Dunning-McDuffy, on the Jackstown pike. 'ton, aged seventy-four, who died Tues-Mrs. Maggie Clough has returned day afternoon at the Eastern Kentuckyto her home in Harrison county, after Hospital, in Lexington, was held yes-a visit with relatives in this coun.ty. terdav afternoon at three o'clock, withmt. ana Mrs. Artnurhave been entertaining tne latter scictor ATicc TtVpnnVi nf npnr Alt flnrrael ' ' jdent of Bourbon county, having resid-Mr. Joe Napier has returned from of the Paris Christian church,an extended stay in Spencer county, Mr. Dunnington was a former resiand says Bourbon county is good ed for many years in the Cottage atSNAPP LAIL.A marriage license was issuedyesterday from the office of CountyClerk Pearce Paton to Mr. Joshua T.Lall and Miss Bessie Lee Snarm. bothr auiconer servjces conducted at the grave in the of Bourbon county.Paris Cemetery by Rev. W. E. Ellis,"HOUSE OF QUALITY."The "House of Quality" is the placeto buy nifty, up-to-date jewelry.15-tf) SHIRE & FITHIAN.MATRIMONIAL.enough for him.FOR SALE. A twin cylinder Indian Motorcycle. Will sacrifice if soldat once. Call A. R. Hudnall, Cumberland Phone, 41-R, North Middletown.Miss Cuma Hudnall, of Paris, wasguest Sunday and Monday of her parents, Mr. and Mrs. J. C. Hudnall. Mrs.Hudnall is improving from a recent illness.the intersection of the North Middletown and Cane Ridge pikes, where hewas engaged in farming. He hadbeen an inmate of the Hospital for anumber of years.Mr. Dunnnington is survived by hiswidow, who was Miss Coulthard, of thiscounty, and one daughter, Miss Vernita Dunnington, both of whom havelioon rnsiflpntc nf T.pvi riff nil fnr nhrmlATisspc P.prfhfi Harnev and Mamie IWagoner, Messrs. Wilburn Crump and , , , , -r-hnrlie Maddox motored to Saltwell, The bod' was bought to Pans yesHarrison county, Sunday, and spent the terday afternoon in charge of Underday with Mr. and Mrs. Edgar Gatince. I taken W. O Hinton, of the J. T. Hin-jton Co. The pall-bearers were W. F.LlUWUU. Ul . L. .11. 1 111 ICS, .)UO. HIV.'Cluro, Bishop Ilibler and Harvey Hib-RUBY GLOSSFurniture JPoiisiiWORLD'S BESTThere will be no preachingchurch next Sunday morning on account of Rev. Mangum having to fillthe pulpit of his brother, Dr. O. R.Mangum, at the First Baptist churchin Paris. Sunday school in the morning at the usual hour; preaching at7:o0 at night by tne pastor. Rev.Earnest Mangum. Come, all are weicome.ler.CANDIDATES WARNED OF NEW"CORRUPT PRACTICE ACTBIRTHS.It is highly important for candidate5;for office in Kentucky to familiarizethemselves with the provisions of the"Corrupt Practice Act," passed by the(Legislature of 1916.It is compulsory that each candidate file with the County Clerk orprober official an itemized statementof expenses incurred during his campaign, such as printing, stationery,In this city yesterday morning toflip, wifo of Mr. Oscar T. Hinton. anine-pound son. Mother and son doing stamps, stenographers, rent for publicwell, while the haonv father is receiv-. halls for speaking, and all otner exing congratulations.At the Good Samaritan Hospital,in Lexington, Wednesday morning, tothe wife of Mr. Stanhope Wiedejnan,of near Paris, a handsome son. The i tion.young man has been christened Stanhope Wiedemann, Jr. MV. and Mrs.Wiedemann are busy acknoledging recepit of congratulations from theirmany friends.TRACTION COMPANY TOHELP FOOD PRODUCTIONThe Lexington Traction & Terminal Company, with many branchlines radiating from Lexington to surrounding towns has determined to setan example to others by using their edpenses incurred pertaining to his election. Such papers must be filed fifteen days before, the primary, and alsofifteen days before the regular elec-GRADUATION TIME NEAR.Graduation time is growing near. Besure and see our wonderful line ofgoods suitable for graduation gifts atreasonable prices.15-tf) SHIRE & FITHIAN.MAYSVILLE CHOSEN FORNEXT MEETING I. O. O. F.The Kentucky Grand EncaanpmentI O. O. F which closed its sessionsz.z. Frankfort, Wednesday, decided tocfb its bit in the entertainment of theSovereign Grand Lodge of Odd FelJows, which convenes in Louisville in.September, and will give the representatives a trip to Mammoth Cave.The Encampment voted not tochange the meeting time to October,and chose. Maysville as the meetingplace for the session of May, 1G, 1918.The officers elected at the sessionWednesday were as follows: JamesGhilds, Maysville, Grand Patriarch;"Perry J. McCord, Paris, Grand HighPriest; George Goebbke, Newport.Grand Senior Warden; Richard G. Elliott, Lexington, Grand Scribe; B. J.Durham, Danville, Grand Treasurer;Grand Rpoeresentatives, M. M. Logan,k "rownBville, and Otto A. Breith, Newport. The Imperial Encampment of Parisyas represented at the meeting atFrankfort by Samuel L. Ewalt, William"Lail. James H. Rye and Perry J. Mc-Cord.right-of-way in the raising, whereverpracticable, of foodstuffs.The Traction Company has madethe announcement that it will use allthe available space along its right-of-wayon all lines within its territoryfor the planting of potatoes. Thiswill mean that the food stuff producing capacity of the counties throughwhich these lines pass will be vastlyincreased by utilizing this groundwherever it is possible to do so.The Company has already begunplowing along its line between Lexington and Frankfort, and the activitieswill be extended to the other lines inCentral Kentucky as fast as possible.The co-operation of people living alongthe lines of the interurban service willbe of some help in this endeavor, andit is to be hoped that they will useevery jneans in their power to furtherthe objects the Traction Company hasin view.It is not known just when the workwill begin in this section, but it is likely to be soon. The persistent agita'ton of the necessity of raising morefoodstuffs has brought the matterclose to home at last. There isplenty of spare ground along the linesof the Traction Company in thiscountj', as well as along the lines ofthe Louisville & Nashville that couldbe devoted to this purpose.The penalty for failing to complywith this law, is a fine in any sum notto exceed $5,000, or to be confined iuthe county jail not to exceed sixmonths, or both.The BOURBON" NEWS has been appointed as agent in Bourbon countyto handle and sell the Thomas Kentucky Election Forms, which areused for this purpose. With theseforms it is no trouble to keep an accurate account of expenditures, etc.These forms are reserved and protect-by law by the Cadiz Record, ofiylillliIIPDUSTS, dRAXS,Tour Furn i t ii r o.1'iai-o. Woodwork,.Automobile, Finished Floors, and allVarnishud Surfaces.Clear, pur" an'lfree from any gum.Will not gatherdust, as it gives ahard, dry, brightfjlors; a brlhtrlurtre than wax andeasier to use.FOR FLOORS TTSUCorningAttractionsPARIS GRAND AND ALAMOFridayThe Athletic Favorite,Douglas FairbanksIN'TheMatrimaniac7A Triangle Fine ArtsProduction.Mrs. Vernon Castlein the ninth episode of" PATR1A"SATURDAY.Earle Williams in" Apartment 29jjA Vitagraph Blue Ribbon featwe."Turks and Troubles," Biv V comedy with, all star cast.MONDAY.Marguerite Clark in her much talked of productionUSnow White'Also two Paramountmiss this one.comedies. Don'tHours-Alamo, 2 to 5:30; Paris Grand,7 to 1 0:30, Admission 5 and 1 Oc.H6H GRADE HOUSE & SIGN PA NT NGInterior DecoratingHard Wood FinishingPArteqdensIT'SGuaranteedTo give entire satisfaction or yourmoney willbe refunded.r I rw .VeOZTWiLXyII V OfK-Mrkmn V-s Sj - J--i ir)-rt1-1''--if-THE J. T. HINTON CO.(April 27-tf-F)WALLliBPERPAINTS WINDOW GLASSEAGLE and DUTCH BOY WHITE LEADSHERWIN-WILLIAMS MIXED PAINTSBERRY BROTHERS and PRATT & LAM3ERTCELEBRATED VARNISHES"The Best," Our MottoC. A. DaughertyFifth and Main Streets Paris, Kentucky94Cadiz, Ky.All candidates are required to makethese statements, and the easiest andbest way is to purchase one ot theseforms now. The price is $1.50. Cornsin and see one, and give us your order.We have samples to show, but willhave to send in orders to Cadiz forstock. We are going to send in anorder next week. L.et yours come withthe rest.THE BOURBON NEWS.(tf) Paris, Ky.WORK OF THE STATETUBERCULOSIS COMMISSION.PHYSICAL VALUATION OF .THE LOUISVILLE & NASHVILLEA party of civil engineers workingunder the auspices and direction of theInterstate Commerce Commission, andTrtr. George Fagin, representing theLouisville and Nashville railroad, willbo in Paris about ten days, determining the physical valuation, of the Louisville and Nashville road.The party is traveling in specialcars, which are stationed in the Louisville and Nashville yards here, whilethe civil engineers conduct their work.for several miles north and south ofParis.mmmei JfcfoUit ,'owpald by hiswife an niece, Miss Morton.The National Association for theStudy and Prevention of Tuberculosis,in session last week in Cincinnati, wenton record of condemnation of all alleged consumptive cures as possibly harm"ful and often (productive of serious results. The advice is to take no medicine, but that prescribed by a reputable physician, observe the utmostcleanliness and sanitary requirements,breathe plenty of fresh air, eat wellcooked, noursihing food, avoid all dissipation and use of alcoholic liquors,maintain cheerfulness and rest. Thiswill be found to work wonders for improvement and often permanent cure.The Tuberculosis Commission withheadquarters at Frankfort, is prosecuting a vigorous campaign for theprevention andcure of tuberculosis,and Dr. W. L. Heizer, Executive SecraUry, .will vgladly fmrnish any Jnformatlori when requested. -FOR CHIEF OF POLICE.We are authorized to announceJAMES H. M.ORELAND, of Paris, as acandidate for the Democratic nomination for the office of Chief of Police ofthe City of Paris, subject to the actionof the Democratic voters at the primary election on August 4, 1917.3) JL i9UGet Your SummernoesOur enormous stocks-our closecoi?tct witli tlie world's greatestfashion slioe centers- our wonderfulsystem of niercliandising mustassure vou of tlie very latest inHigh Grade Men's, Women's and Children'sPOOTWEAR!We are very proud of the fact that now, when one shouldmake every dollar go the furthest, the people appreciatemore than ever the money-saving possibilities offered here.JOIN THE CROWDS1 To the Big Bargain Shoe Store tomorrow compare2 and prices and you will be surprised at the big savinsqualityjs hereTOCincinnatiand ReturnOn Special Sunday Excursion onSUNDAY, MAY 20Special train leaves Paris 8:20a. m., -arriving in Cincinnati at10:30 a. m.Returning leaves Cincinnati(4th Street Station) at 7 p. in.-WrV. SHAW, -'AgentW. . CUNKENSEARD,;t. A.Ladies' Gray and White Kid Katinka PumpsLadies' White Kid or Rich BrownRuss. Tan BootsLadies' White Canv. Sea Island. Boots and PumpsLadies' Canvas Strap PumpsatLadies' Kid Lace Boots and Pumpswhich add grace to your foot. . .Ladies' Pat. Dull Kid tt0 QC eo 1QBoots and Pumps at. . 22S.pi-5JLadies' Pat. and Gun Metal Shoes . Qand Slippers at. X.5 f4-852.491.493.49Men's Russian Tan English MShoes and Oxfords, W.-0...$4.50 UpMen's Plat. Calf Eng. and MediumToe Shoes and Oxfords, W.-O.Men's Gun Metal and Tan Shoesand Oxfords, Walk-OverMen.s Gun Metal, Button andand Lace, good quality . .Men's Tan Lace OxfordsatMen's Gun Metal High Shoes andOxfords$4.003.502.992.491.99Boys", Misses' and Children'sIShoes and Slippers AtONE-HALF THE PRICE YOU PAY ELSEWHEREDAN COHENParis' Greatest Shoe StoreWhere Beauty and Economy Reifn!Itv