k ."S X" -.- "" ATJft-3li - r-," TSZ,-&&. - -.-, . !! -i-A. -F -'" W" ' 'JKi"1MlPUBLISHED EVERY TUESDAY AND FRIDAY IN THE YEAR.VOLUME XXXVilPARIS, BOURBON COUNTY, KENTUCKY, TUESDAY, SEPTEMBER 18, 1917'w-.THEnni i onn hi n rAcbbb Bssrssm sbm bssm ssssl bssm sss ssssl ssssl bbb vbbbS bbbm tbbbb BaBmV vfH bibb bbbW vbbbbW ft bbbbIH " iB TbbV Bam 4 JbV bbB "H IH a H ". H iH bbB YbbH- iB bbbW ysbbbW LHJ3COAL PROBLEM IS GETTING SERIOUS TO LOCAL PEOPLE.In consequence of the failure of theGovernment to fix the price of coalat the mine, the dealers here are notbuying for the winter trade, and onlya few have any considerable stockon hand. Very few customers havelaid in their supplies for the winter,and as a consequence, there may besome suffering should the weatherturn suddenly'cold. Of course, thosewho have fitted their homes withnatural gas need not worry.One dealer is said to be seriouslyconsidering the advisibility of conserving the stock of coal he has onhand for his own uses. The firsttrain of coal that has been in Parisin the past two weeks went throughhere Friday. The L. & N. is said tohave confiscated one hundred cars ofcoal at different points along itslines in this territory for its ownuses. There is not a car of coal onthe tracks in the Paris yeards.It is true that some of those whocan afford to do so have been "gettingtheir supplies of coal in carload lots,but .they are not always getting theirorders filled, the claim being madethat the cars cannot be secured tohip it in. In addition to this thestrikes are on in the mining regions,and many of the mines in the WestVirginia and Eastern and SouthernKentucky coal fields, from which thelocal supply is mainly drawn, areclosed down, so that the outlook isnot very encouraging.As an indication of the scarcity ofcoal as a fuel it ic. told that one engineer on the Louisville & Nashville,who has been going out regularly hadhis run curtailed so as to ponservecoal. There has been very little coalin the yards, either for local or otherdealers. One dealer said he couldshow letters from seven differentmines stating that it would be impossible to fill orders for coal. Frompresent indications there is muchsuffering ahead for those who havenot been able to provide themselveswith coal, should the winter be asevere one and the situation remainas it is at present.Traffic on the interurban lines running out of Lexington was entirelystopped for several hours yesterday,due indirectly to the coal situation.A supply of coal received at the bigpower plant in Lexington proved tobe of such inferior quality that itwould not make steam. As a conse' quence the "powers-was d!fseveralhours. The trouble was over and thecars running by noon.That the coal shortage is already being felt in Paris was evidenced yesterday by the statement made by oneof the largest coal dealers in the citythat he had not been able to procure a pound of coal from the miningdistrict where the strike is in progress. "It is almost impossible," hesaid, "to get a supply of coal for' love or money and the available supply here is diminishing every day. Inave never seen the coal situation inParis as bad as it is now, and theprospect for its mending is extremelygloomy."Plans for taking care of the smallconsumers coal needs this winter byrequisitioning so-called spot coal atthe mine and directing its salethrough local dealers at governmentfixed prices were disclosed at Washington by Dr. H. A. Garfield, the fueladministrator.The first move under this arrangement, Dr. Garfield explained, will- beto ascertain through State fuel administrators soon to be named theovflpf- rpn ni rements of each Stateabove the amounts that have beencontracted for. These w'ill be assem"bled and the total supply requiredwill be apportioned among the differ. ent mines. Operators will be required to trim their contracts enough toenable them to supply the necessaryamount of spot coal. The amount ofprobable deficiency in coal in eachascertained oy biaiePARIS BOY TO BE WITH FLORIDA SIGNAL CORPS ARRIVES SAFELY SOVEREIGN GRAND LODGE INTROOPS. AT HATTIESBURG. j SESSION AT LOUISVILLE.yThe Tampa, Florida, Daily Times, Advices from the Paris boys who1 Twenty thousand members of theof Wednesday, September 12, has the are with Company -B, Signal Corps, Odd Fellows order Will be in Louisfollowing complimentary reference to of the Kentucky division, whichflef t ville this week to attend the .ninetya former Paris boy, who has not only Lexington last Friday, state that the third session of the Sovereign Grand"made good" in the newspaper field, command arrived safely at HattiQS- Lodge, which began there Saturday,but in other lines of commercial ac- burg without anything, happening an will continue through to and intivities: out 0f the ordinary. . .eluding next Saturday.On the 19th instant 40 per cent., The large equipment of the com-' The feature of the opening day wasof Hillsborough county's draft quota pany caused about three hours delay a triP up the Ohio river on a riverwill leave for the training camp at in, leaving Lexington, but the train packet, while Sunday was given overColumbia, S. C, making the trip made fast time on its way to the to religious exercises and an automoaboard a special. train. -.Southern camp. They were warmly bile triP about the city and through"R. Davis Hutchcraft, one of the welcomed by the authorities and the tne parks. Yesterday was occupied invalued members of The Times staff, Kentucky troops already there. I tne business meetings and program"m " ixo,v v,x.i&c ui i-mo v.uii- iNewsum iveiier, .Lawrence Mill ana,,-',- tue uiuer.tingent and this recommendation,coupled with his military training atschools, practically assures him of anofficial position of some kind withina short time after the troops begintraining."Mr. Hutchcraft, whose ancestorshave been officers in practically everywar in which the colonies and" republic have engaged, made applicationfor a place in the officers' trainingcorps, but was not so fortunate as tobe among those selected, although hemet every test, moral, intellectual andphysical, required. He was amongthose drafted and he is going to thetraining camp and field with the determination of winning his spurs onmerit alone. The Times predicts thathe will do so .if the war doesn't endmuch earlier than it is expected toend." 'Hutch' has soldiery stuff in him,and while The Times regrets to losshis services, it does not regret thathe will have an opportunity to provehis worth."Mr. Hutchcraft is a great-great-grandsonof Gen. Samuel Williams, ahero of the War of 1812, a great-great-nephewof Gen. John S. (CerroGordo) Williams, of Mexican andCivil War fame; a great nephew ofGen. John Thomas Croxton, of theCivil War, and a grandson of Col. P..W. Hutchcraft, who served in theCivil War from Bourbon county.m 3Eugene Elder, all of Paris, are withthe Signal Corps.?ss Si SiJEWISH RELIGIOUS YEAR.The stores of the Jewish citizens ofParis were closed yesterday, andsome of them -will remain closed today, on account of the Jewish holiday, Rosh Hashanah.Sunday marked the opening of theJewish religious .year. The day iscalled Rosh Hashanah, and is observ-I ed as religious festival, as the Jewsuse the civil calendar for ordinarypurposes, but' date their religiousfeasts according to the moon. Theday begins at sunset, a mode of reckoning founded on Scripture, as theevening is mentioned before themorning. The year is 5678, countingfrom the creatioa of the world according to the JeWish calendar. Themonth of Tishri ;s the festival seasonof the Jewish calendar. After theNew Year "ten days of penitence"will be observed, then the fast of theDay of Atonement, and finally theA BLUE SERGE AT $10.All wool, guaranteed fast color, inbelted and pinch-back models, sizes8 to 18.J. W. DAVIS & CO.Ja li PaOtED CROSS WORK.To-morrow will be the big day ofthe sessions. On that day all the delegates will participate in a monsterparade, which, according to reports,will have over 20,000 men in line.Judge E. B. January, of the Parislodge, will be Assistant Grand Marshal of the parade and will be firstaide to the Grand Marshal. At nighta reception and grand ball will begiven in honor of Grand Sire FrankC. Gowdy, at the Armory." The sessions of the Grand Lodgeare being held in the auditorium ofthe Seelbach Hotely while the facilities of this hotel, the Hotel HenryWatterson, and the Tyler will be usedfor other meetings.Large delegations 'from the Bourbon county lodges left this morningto attend the exercises, while otherswill go to-night so as to be presentand take part in the big parade. mBs IS fSSKULL PRACTURED.Sim Kerns, a farmployed on the farm oflaborer, emMr. GeorgeHarvest Festival, the Feast of the Stoker, near Millersburg, wasTabernacles. These religious celebrations are universally observed byOrthodox Jews in all parts of theworld.B3 Ba ISJUDGE.Governor Stanley on Saturday ap-FOR SECOND QUOTA.BOARD RETURNS LIST; OF MEN AUTO TURNS TURTLE AND SPILLSJUX KWERS.A day of pleasure and joy ridingwas turned into disaster Sim decompose the second quota of men for night for a party of Harrison county-One hundred and six names, fromwhich will be selected 'the men toMrs. Wm. G. McClintock, chairmanof the Paris Chapter of the AmericanRed Cross Society, attended themeeting in Lexington recently of thevice-chairmen of the Society, composed of Mrs. Robt. Winn, of Mt. Sterling; Miss Edith Marshall, of Versailles; Mrs. Wm. G. McClfntock, ofParis; Miss Lucia Burnham, of Richmond; Mrs. Gano and Mrs. Blackburn, of Georgetown, together withmembers of the executive committeeof the Lexington Chapter.The meeting was called so thateach Chapter could report as to theprogress tney were matting m mcwork assigned them. The LexingtonChapter agreed to furnish one-thirdof the complete outfit for the Dr.Barrow Base Hospital Unit No. 40,if Paris and Mt. Sterling chapterswould furnish one-sixteenth each,while the other chapters divided theremainder. Mrs. McClintock madethe following report of the workpnmnleted bv the Bourbon County 1w t - ,Chanter:Bourbon County 500 white sheets,420 draw sheets, 480 pillow cases,480 hand towels, 168 Turkish towels,49.n nankins. 168 tray covers, 120wash cloths, 36 dish towels, 288 bedgowns, 168 pajamas, 36 shoulderwraps, 36 bed socks, 12 ice bag covers, 12 -hot water bag covers, 200socks, 7 dozen bath robes.The Paris Chapter was warmlycomplimented for the -thorough manner in which their work had beencompleted, and pointed out as an example to be followed by Chaptersbrought to the Massie Memorial Hospital, in this city, yesterday afternoon, suffering from a fracturedskull, as the result of an accident.Kerns had been sent with a loadof tobacco sticks from one part of thePARIS ATTORNEY TO PRESIDE AS , farm to another, and while drivingalong the Maysville pike, near PorterStation, his team took fright at apassing train and ran away. Thepointed Mr. Robert C. Talbott, of the Wagon was. thrown down an embanklaw firm of Talbott & Whitley, of jnent, and Kerns was thrown withParis, as special judge to try the great force on the pike, his skull becase of Mrs. Kate S. Payne against jng fractured.Fayette county in the Fayette Circuit: 1 la ISCourt, Judge Kerr declining to .sit. I INCORPORATION ARTICLES FILEDThe plaintiff charges that the,county caused to have placed on West j Articles incorporating the ParisMain street, in the city of Lexington Oil. & Gas Company MParigjwerean asphalt mixing plant, the smok"e filed and approved in the office of the'and dust of which have caused sev- Secretary of State at Frankfort,- Sateral of her tenants in houses near it urday. The company's capital stockto surrender their leases. The plain- is placed at $10,000. The incorportiff asks -judgment to cover her ators were Thos. H. Clay, "Jr., Chas.losses and also for relief from this R, Walls, Ford Brent and B. A.dirt and smoke in the future.. .Frank.the United States army Jirom thiscounty, have been certified back tothe local board from the EasternKentucky District Board in Lexington. The, names were received andposted at the court house Friday afternoon. Of this number forty percent, or fifty-five men will b selected for service and taken to CampZachary Taylor at Louisville. TheJmen have been notified to hold themselves in readiness to leave lor dutyon twenty-four hours' notice.Inasmuch as many of the men included in this list are negroes, andnone will be taken at this time, itwill require a larger number ofwhites to make up the required fiftyfive. According to the best information obtainable at this time, the menhave been notified that they willleave the city between Wednesday,the 19th and Saturday, the 2 2d.Advices fromFrankfort state thatforty per cent, of Kentucky's- conscripted army will be moved toCamp Taylor, Louisville, beginningSeptember 19.The movement, which will continuefor five days, will take to the camp5,690 drafted men from the 120 counties of the State.Another forty per cent, of the draft,Larmy will be moved to the cantonment the first of October, and the remaining fifteen per cent, as soonthereafter as the railroads can makearrangements to handle the men.Five per cent, of the Kentuckyquota of the draft army is now intraining at Camp Taylor.The following is a list of thosecertified back to the local board, andfrom the date of its posting at theoffice of the local board, constitutesnotice to those whose names arelisted therein,, that they have beenselected for military service, andcharges them with an obligation towatch .the bulletin board of the localboardj&and to hold themselves in readinesto report for military duty at theoffice of the local board at a datespecified in a later notice to be postedat .-that office. The list is as fol-lows:I WE KNOW HOWSchool SuitsiState will De su,uei unu -- ." olher COUntiesadministrators through local commit- r omtees, which will also be chargedwith distributing the coal when obtained.2 a ?SISS J.0CKHART SUCCEEDS MR..BOWERS AT P. H. S.At the recent session of the CityBoard of Education, Miss Reba Lockhart, of Fort Thomas, who has had aT,or nf vears' experience as ateacher, was elected as teacher of civics and history in the Paris scnomb lusucceed Mr. Bowers, who resignedafter the first day of the term.Miss Lockhart is a daughter of the.,-x- tt- TMff T.nrlehart. and alaxe xxuu. AJj-o-vv --.niece of Prof. W. H. Lockhart anaHon G. C. Lockhart, prominentParis citizens, both deceased, and isa highly accomplished young woman.She is a cousin of Mrs. John Davistmd Miss Sallie Lockhart, of thiscity She spent last year in specialstudies at the University of Illinoisat cnicago. . . . , , m-,.;c 0 uTur white manrm -Paris Public School now ua unanes i'. - 714. ..The local branch of the Red Crosshas received six hundred yards otouting flannel, which will.be madeup into bath robes for hospital usefor the soldiers in the U. S. Army.The material is being cut and prepared tor sewing by the members.All-day sewing will be-held in theRed Cross sewing rooms hereafter onTuesdays, Thursdays and Saturdays,when surgical bandages will be made.The ladies are urged to come andbring their needles, thread, thimbles and scissors.5LEXINGTON DETECTIVE AND WOMAN SH0TvDudley Veal, member of the Lexington detective force, was shot inhe abdomen and Clara Martin, awhite woman, was shot through theback of the head yesterday afternoon at Charles Bentley's restaurantj. tt!i. nuat in fhnt r.itv. bvon west xiigu sucti., 'ForBoysThe time is here when youmust get your hoy ready tobegin school, and whether he iis the little tot just startingout or the grown up boy,there is not a mother or father that does notwant their boy to look neatand m appear well dressedamong his school mates. OurSuits for Boys -are made rightand are tailored in such a waythat the hard wear that everyboy gives is clothes will notshow as soon as other boys'suits which are not madeJIsowell. We are showing suitswith (2) pair of .trousers, allcolors, all sizes and very moderate in price, n reinforcedseams sewea strong and sub--stantial.xAH Wool Suits Prom$6.00 to $12.00Tans, Greys, Blue Serges and Fancy Mixtures. . Stylishcut coats that will give that boy the manly appearancethat every mother wants her boy to have.(84)(137)(182)(181)(248)(189)(173)(180)(3"28)(336)(339)(359)(3)(4)(5) .(8)390 Herbert Milton YoungHenderson St., JParisi- 332 Charles E. Wilson,Main Street, Paris. x749 John William Sargent,North Middletown.360 Robert Mitchell Delaney, Hanson St., Paris.637 William C. Perrin, Millersburg, Ky.297 Robert Lapsltey Link,Jr., South Main Street,Paris.356 James Edward Cain,Higgis Avenue, Paris.923 John StegalT, R. F. D.2, Paris.970 James B. McBride, R.D.5. Elizabeth to wn,Ky.557 Rufus Johnson, Millersburg. 1415 Raymond Pat ton,Shawhan.323 Merrit Jameson Slicer,South Main St., Paris.800 Charles R. Mattox, R.D. 5, Paris.1436 Samuel J. Wiggins, R.D. C, Paris.. 854 Allie Clay Detwiller,North Middletown.1095 Frank Nelson Higgins,R. D. 8, Paris.117 Orville Lee Britton,v, Hutchison.837 Charles Henry Butler,Jr., R. D. 1, Paris.Continued on Page 8.)peuyie, composed of Mr. and Mrs.Howard Cooper, of Claysville, Harrison county, and Miss Lillian Hite.and Mr. Will Breeze, both of Cynthiana. The party had been touring CentralKentucky points of interest amperereturning via Paris en route to Cynthiana from High Bridge. Whennear the home of Mr. and Mrs. J.Miller Ward, on the Cynthiama pik,the driver lost control of-his machine at a point where the pike takesa sudden and sharp curre, andplunging in a telephone pole "turnedturtle" and went over an embankment fifteen feet below, taking theoccupants of the niachine with it.Screams of the women and the crashof the machine against the pole attracted the attention of nearby "neighbors, who came to their assistance. A machine was secured and theparty brought back to Paris andtaken to the Massie Memorial. Hospital, where it was found that Mr.Cooper had sustained a dislocated."shoulder, and serious bruises, and tlwtothers being more or. less cut aniland brused, 'but no' bones brokenThe machine was completely demolished. The escape of the members oTthe party from instant death was considered little short of miraculous, asthe place where the accident occurredis flanked by steep embankment onboth sides of the road.Mrs. Frances Farnsworth Wilkerson, wife of a Cincinnati automobiledealer, received injuries in an autoaccident which happened near "DeadMan's Curve," near Lexington, on theParis and Lexington pike, Friday,from the effects of which she died attwo o'clock Sunday morning in theGood Samaritan Hospital. The autoin which Mrs. Wilkerson, her husband and Mr. and Mrs. C. J. Heubler, also of Cincinnati, were riding,left the road and crashed Into anembankment, and the other occupantsof 'the auto were also injured. Thebody of the dead woman was taken toher home in Cincinnati, Sundaynight.fe 135 Idla iTAKE NO'CHAITCES:Wiheh insuring your automobileTwhy not take out an accident policyin the old reliable Aetna CasualtyCo. for $5,00. See agent. "-. "A. J. FEE.1 153 1MR. CLENBENIN SCORES VICTORY "IN CONTEST.Mitchell & Blakemorethe largest enrollment in itsliistory,the total number of pupils, including those in the High School, being814.-11' the rooms are crowded.Vpal is in a serious condition, andit is thought the woman will die.' The assailantan exciting chasStetsonHatsb-.l.&&... ck:.i aiAfriA CliAAeDicison-naib minmuii 91111 1 i;umwas captured after 9 , . , .... . .i ' , -,- . i '.landed in jan. iiiiiiiiiiMitMiiiiigaiiiiitttttllllWIIIlinTTTTTlTO GO WITH DR. BARROW HOSPITAL BASE UNIT.When Dr. David Barrow, of Lexington first started to organize abase hospital corps to perform service in France for the sick andwounded soldiers of the UnitedStates and its allies, among the firstfrom this section to make application for admission were Messrs.Charlton Clay, Allen Ingels, DouglasClay and Ireland Davis.Recently Mr. Douglas Clay andMr. Ingels went to Lexington, wherethey successfully passed the examination, and were received into theservice. They will leave with themembers of the corps "sometime inOctober" for "somewhere in France."They will go in training within thenext ten days, and will be under instruction for a period of six weeks,after which they will depart forFrance.It is now stated that it is the intention of Dr. Barrow to have hisforce in actual and active service inthe field by November 10. On hisstaff will be twenty-three physicians,two dentists, sixty-five graduatenurses, two of them from Paris, andone nunarea anu uiLy-micc jwue,men, who. will be in the service indifferent capacities, such as ambulance drivers, stretcher-b ear"ers,ooo?ctontc in thrf field corps, etc.Several other young men from thiscity and, county have made application for admission to the corps andpossibly a number of themwill,beaccepted" for service.Victor in a contest in which, if hehad failed, he would have been entertainer to six insurance men, Mr. RoyClendenin, of Paris, is in Louisville,getting the best of "eats.'"By the terms of a wager madesometime ago Mr. Clendenin, as Associate General Manager of theNorthwestern Mutual Life InsuranceCompany, was to write more insurance in the six days of last weekthamthe six Louisville agents, or forfeit a big dinner to them at the Seelbach Herfel, in Louisville. The contest was inaugurated Monday andwhen the last hour of the last dayclosed Mr. Clendenin showed up with?a total of thirty policies, coveringthe sum of ?41;D0(, which put theLouisville men out of the running,and called the following telegra,,from them: -. "LOUISVILLE, KY., Sept. 15, 'li"R. F. Clendenin, Paris, Ky.You are engaged for every evening,next week. Free eats."C. D. RODMAN."The result of the contest placesMr. Clendenin in a class by himselfas a hustling solicitor a live wirein the insurance field. To outdo thocombined efforts of six hustling in-'surance imen is a testimonial to Mr.Clendenin's ability that speaks foritself-1 to mDO YOU KNOW.$5,000 Aetna automobile personalpolicy costs only ?10?A. J. FEE, Agent. 'PARIS HORSE IN FUTURITYt-Mr. J. U. Boadman, of Paris, hasentered his. fine black cplt, BourbonForges, by J. Malcom Forbes Bourbonette, in the ?14,000 Futurity forthree-year-old trotters, which wilt -becontested for at the coming- meeting of the Kentucky Trotting HorseBreeders' Association, at Lexingtonon Tuesday, Oct. 3. VBRIDGE COJCTRACT AWARDED:The Bower Bridge Company, ofFlemingsburg, has been awarded tatcontract for repairing the old woodmbridge across Stoner creek at tkfoot of Main street, and the work.has been started. Byxthe terras otthe contract the old structure will lisput in thorough repair- The aWtments will be replaced wjth coorWand the whole made safe for trtssW.The contract involves- asout l;Jtn.1--rL?fHis "K. v.Wo- --- vCKjeA3T?"yp9A.;ry.V-fZL'SV .:-r '-v, ?' -J-. " "T ?-?y, s-kIfeAfllTfPDthe touoton JIKW8, pflra,t'5CS7r1" Erw"5KJ?rSBff-- frwnHr? ianviw?HHis -IWIWIIIIIMII'-fr -a - -- - - mr--W15Th6 Bourbon News'lUMIshW 1M1 3S Ytarstlnuoiw Publication.of Con-Jblkhcd Every Tuesday and Friday.w Year... $2.00 Six Months... 51.00Payable in Advance.WIFT Cr!4MP. Editor and Owner.Any erroneous reflection upon thecharacter, standing or reputation ofany person, firm or corporation whichaay appear in the columns of TILEBOURBON NEWS will be gladly corrected if brought to attention of theditor.ADVERTISING RATES' . Display Advertisements, $1.00 perinch for first time; 50 cents per incheach subsequent insertion.- Reading Notices, 10 cents per lineeach issue; reading notices in blacktype, 20 cents per line, each issue.Cards of thanks, calls on candidates, obituaries and resolutions, andsimilar matter, 10 cents per line.Special rates for large advertisements and yearly contracts.The right of publisher is reservedto decline any advertisement or othermatter for publication.Announcements for political officesmust invariably be accompanied bythe cash.THE DEMOCRATIC TICKET.For State Senator George Hon,ofClark CountyTor Representative C M. Thomas,of Bourbon County.3?or Sheriff Will G-. McClintock.Tor County Clerk Prce Paton.For County Judge George Batterton. For County Attorney David D.Ciine.For County Superintendent of SchoolsJ. B. Caywood.For Jailer Thomas Taul.For Assessor Walter Clark.For Coroner Rudolph Davis, Paris.For Haaistrate L- J. Pretwell, ParisPrecinct; John N. Shropshire,Centerville Precinct;- E. P. Thorn-i4 asson, Millersburg Precinct; Jno.S. Wiggins, Hutchison Precinct;r R. O. Turner, Ruddles Mills Pre' cinct; John S. Talbott, North Mid' dletown Precinct; S. R. Burris, Little Rock Precinct; Lee Stephen-son, Clintonville Precinct.For Mayor E. B. January.For Chief of Police W. Fred Link.For Councilmen First Ward JohnMerringer, John Christman andThos. Kiser; Second Ward S. K.Nichols, J. J. Veatch and JohnArkle; Third Ward Geo. Doyle.'EDITORIAL MUSINGS.No Time For Excuses.It has now been fifty-to yearssince the 'Civil War closed, yet youvhave possibly noticed the contemptthe American people have, even tothis day, for the man who eithersent a substitute or hatched up anexcuse for remaining at home.It may be there are men in Parisor Boirbon county who sent a substitute to the Civil War, or whotrumped up an excuse to stay athome. We don't know, nor do we-care. If they are here it is safe tosay that some very hard things? havebeen said about them, and it is alsocertain that unkind things will continue to be said about them as longas they live. Not only that, but the-stigma will attach to their childrenand their children's children. Ittakes more than a "generation to livedown the reputation of having shirked when duty called, not only inParis, but in other parts of theState.The Paris man of to-day has before him an example in these fellowswho dodged duty and were, in onesense, traitors to tfieir country during the Civil War. If he doesn't want-to be pointed out by his fellow men-and even by little children in theyears to come as a coward and ashirk, he should lose no time in offering himself to his country. It may. be that he will be rejected. In thatevent he can go through life with ahigh head, for he will have the satisfaction of knowing that he did' hisduty.There should be no excuses offered lnow. Some that have been offeredhave been proven ridiculous. Somehid from the draft act under theguise of being agriculturists for instance, one young fellow who quit aposition in Paris, went to the country to livet and claimed to be afarmer. They got his number justthe ame, and he's bound for themobilization camp soon. No Paris- man need subject himself and his- wife and children to ' criticism by'failure to do his duty at this time.'The peace of his future life, the"happiness of lus children is at stake.Ht is up to every young man, to everyjmiddle-aged man in Paris and Bourbon county to decide now if hewants the finger of scorn and thesneer of contempt directed at him,at everyone who bear his name, aslong as it has been directed at thosewho shirked during the Civil War.It is surprising the number bfyParis men who have not yet learnedthat they can't get the best of anargument with avoman, even if shelknows positively thai she is deadwrong.it-:Kissing the "Sammies."In conversation with a handsomeand intelligent Paris woman theother day she expressed mingled surprise and disgust that French women so far forgot themselves as torush into the' streets of Paris(France) and kJss our Americansoldiers when they landed in thatcotmtry recently. She declared thatit was an open insult to womanhoodand the entire feminine sex.We had to "disagree with thisestimable woman. We had read thesame news dispatches telling of thejoy and gladness that filled thehearts of the French people whenthey saw Gen. Pershing's men marching before their doors. We had putan entirely different interpretationupon those news stories from that ofthe Paris woman who condemned hersisters across the seas for what sheconsidered "unladylike actions."We know the French people are ademonstrative people. But they realize what war is. They know moreabout what this war is in a minutethan we have learned in three years.They knQw what these Americanboys are going to face, know howlittle of home comfort, of the tenderness of womanhood lies beforethem. i 1W1HThe women of France who demonstrated their joy at seeing our American soldiers marching to the aid oftheir own husbands, brothers andsons have seen what it is to offer lifeand limb, and they don't think anywelcome they could give too goodfor the men whose fate it is to gointo the trenches. They take theirown way of welcoming -and heartening our boys. They see no rudenessin it, nor is there evil in their minds.Out of hearts that have bled for three 1strenuous years they offer love andbreathe benedictions upon the sons ofother mothers who must now join inthe sacrifice. The women of Franceare taking their own way of showingour "Sammies" that their prayersare w ith them as they go through thestreets of the French capital on theirway to "No Man's Land."not think any Americanshould object.We doIt won't be long until the Parisboys will be sending postcards fromthe camps to their friends at homebearing that favorite phrase: "Amhaving a fine time. Wish you wereheie."TS2 IE3 aHOW EVERY WOMAN IS BEINXxREACHED.The Woman's Committee of theCouncil of National Defense is trying to reach every woman in thecountry. A writer sajrs in the October Woman's Home Companion:"Take a town of ten thousand inhabitants anywhere in the UnitedStates and see how this organizationworks there. What the .Woman'sCommittee of the Council of NationalDefense asks of this town is that itshould form, for the period of thewar, a central committee, in whichevery society, every church, everyschool in the community shall berepresented. It asks that no agencybe overlooked, big or little, rich orpoor, black or white, Catholic, Jewish or Protestant. It needs no arguing that with such a committeein every community, practicallyevery woman can be reached."We are told that this is not practical, that the American womanwon't come into any such all-inclusivegroup, that she thinks in termsof her societies and her causes, andnot in national terms. Well, if thishas been true, something has happened to the American woman of today, just as fast as the plan of organization of the Woman's Committee of the Council of National De-fense becomes known, thesecratic groups are forming.demo-1"In order to find out just what thevarious organizations were doing, andto what degree they were preparedto co-ordinate their efforts, the Woman's Committee invited the presidents, or their representatives, of allthe national groups on its list to ameeting at headquarters. Althoughthe notice was short, seventy-five organizations sent representatives. Inthree-minute sneeches these womentold of the work they were doing andoffered their full allegiance to theGovernment in its effort to unify theWoman Power."1E3 tai T53WHAT, NO MOREMarse Henry Watterson finds uponreading the Congressional Recordexilirs, stomach hitters, nerve restorers and bone liniments whichcontain from five to ten times asmuch alcohol as beer and that someof them contain more alcohol thanwhiskey or absMnthe. These, itseems, are the varieties of disguisedbooze, which cause the deacon'swife to feel like a new-woman, andinspire the Deacon to write a testimonial of their powers."How on earth is a fellow who hasan educated taste, for drinkables toescape the dullness of sameness withonly 750 kinds of mixed drinks tochoose from after the beginning ofthe nation-wide bone dry period ofAmerican history? State Journal.m i i'Another good thing about the autoombile is that it saver the time menused to lose in swapping horses.It is best to$void a break with b.FURTHER. SWEDISH-gBEMAy PgPLICITY UEATHJD. '?ifWASHINGTON. Sept., 17, Swedish-Germanduplicity, .which hasthreatened to embroil Argentina aifdGermany, was exposed by the StateDepartment, Thursday, as workingits inimical hand in Mexico.The Swedish Charge d'Affairs inMexico City gave to the GermanMinister there information from theallied countries. He transmittedmessages for the German Ministerthrough the Swedish Foreign Officeto Berlin.So extensive and so valuable werehis services up to March., 1916, thatHerr von Eckhard , German Minister,recommended that the Kaiser bestowupon Herr Folke Cronholm, the Swedish Charge d'Affairs, an imperialGerman decoration, its award to bekept secret until after the war.A copy of the letter, recountingthese services and making this recommendation from von Eckhardt tothe German Chancellor, was madepublic by Secretary of State Lansing, Thursday. The document follows:"Imperial Legation, Mexico."His Excellency, the ImperialChancellor:"Herr Folke Cronholm, th6 Swedish Charge d'Affairs here, since hisarrival has not disguised his sympathy for Germany and has enteredinto close relations with this .legation. He is the only diplomat through whom informationfrom a hostile camp can be obtained.Moreover, he act; as intermediaryfor official diplomatic intercoursebetween this legation and Your Excellency. "In the course of this, he is obligedto go personally each time to the -telegraphoffice, not seldom quite lateat night, in order to hand in the telegrams, y"Herr Cornholm was formerly atPeking and at Tokyo, and was responsible for the preliminary arrangements which had to be made forthe representation of his country ineach case. Before he came out herehe had been in charge of the Consulate-Generalat Hamburg. HerrCornholm has not got a Swedish, butonly a Chinese order at present."I venture to submit to Your Excellency the advisability of layingbefore His Majesty, the Emperor, thename of Herr Cornholm, with a viewto the Crown Order of the second' class being bestowed upon him.woman " Avou perhaps be desirable in1 order not to excise the enemy's susi picion to treat with secrecy the matter of the issue of the patents untilthe end of the war, should the decision be favorable to my suggestion."This would mean that the mtaterwould be communicated to no onebut the recipient and his Government, and even to them only underthe seal of secrecy, while the publication of the bestowal of, the decoration would be postponed until theend of the war. I should be particularly grateful to Your Excellency ifI should be furnished with telegraphic news of the bestowal of thedecoration, which I strongly recommend in view of the circumstancesdetailed above."VON ECKHARDT."At tne same time tnat tins an-1nouncement was made the Secretaryof State gave out a report from IraNelson Morris, American "Minister atStockholm. Mr. Morris declaresthat, while the Swedish ForeignOffice was transmitting German messages in German code for the German diplomats, it was requiring Mr.Morris to file his messages to Constantinople, via the Swedish ForeignOffice, in France.fe tea isiCATAKRH CANNOT BE CUREDWith LOCAL APPLICATIONS, asthey cannot reach the seat of thedisease. Catarrh is a local disease,greatly influenced by constitutionalconditions, and in order to cure ityou must take an internal remedy.Hall's Catarrh Medicine is takeninternally and acts through the bloodon the mucous surfaces of the system. Hall's Catarrh Medicine wasprescribed by one of the best physicians in this country for years. It iscomposed of some of the best tonicsknown, combined with some of thebest blood purifiers. The perfectcombination of the ingredients inHall's Catarrh Medicine is what produces such wonderful results incatarrhal conditions. Send for testimonials, free. 'F. J. CHENEY & CO., Toledo, O.Sold by Druggists, 75c.Hall's Family Pills for constipation. (sept-adv)$1.50TOC incinnatiand ReturnOn Special Sunday Excursion onSunday, Sept. 23Special train leaves Paris 8:20a. m., arriving in Gincinnati at10:30 a. m.Returning leaves -Cincinnati(4th Street Station) at 7 p. m.W. V. SHAW, Agtntj W. R.CIJHKENBEABD, T. A." y;B)R S"9 i kFony, gentle, and gooa drTrjeri withcart andMarness.--Call Hme Phone562 or 223.. A. J Ujtf)For SaleThree fresh cows, calves at side!Also two good South Down Bucks.Apply toM. J. MURPHY,Both Phones. Paris, Ky.(14-3t-pd)WANTEDWanted, middle aged woman forgeneral housework. Must be i neatand refined. Work is not hard. Allmodern improvements. Two children. Good home for right party.Address,MRS. R. B. HAGER,(14-tf) Ft. Thomas, Ky.Seed Rye For Sale.Five hundred bushels of excellentseed rye.JAS. H, THOMPSON,Station 44 Interurban Line.(ll-3t) Paris, Ky.LOST.Between the L. & &. crossing atTenth street and Ahern & Burton'srestarurant a pair of gold rimmedspectcles in leather case. Reward willbe paid for their return either to thisoffice or to Ahern & Burton's restaurant. Scrap Iron Wanted.I am paying fifty cents per hundred !for all kinds of scrap iron. Not lessthan 1,000 pounds. This material caibe weighed at any city scales. This ito be relivered to the cars on the LouIsville & Nashville tracks, oppositthe freight depot.Call us over the Cumberland 'phon347-J.MAX MUNICH,"Eighth Street, Paris, Ky.(oct20-Iyr)FINAL CUT PRICESON ALL SUMMER GOODSWe Have About 30 GENUINE Palm Beach SuitsAlmost every size in the lot. Values up to $10.00. Take your pick.About 20 Pongee Suits (MostlyUnrestricted choice Men's Straw Hats $1.00All Genuine Panamas $2.75Get Our PricesTwin Bros.619 Main Street, Paris, Ky.ti4''W',ItI''"iIMI",I,4"I4MH"H"I"I"l"I"H"I"H"H'4 W&&fVlbl"Znl"l"i"l"l"l&mRt.4For Dry Goods, Dress Goods, Silks, Shirt Waists, Ladies' and Misses' Ready-to-Wear Garments, Millinery, EtcNew, StylishFallflatstJUST ARRIVED !SEE THEM!We Sell Ladies'lHomeiiMiiMiinifiiiiiiiiiin?ittinnHimHnHMiiiiiiiimimmniiiTi.-ipi.L- ., , mi.. ,,..,! ,. it, Wmi "T,. ., tu I I'TTnOrhost:Bumper rmil'Towi auto at junction of North Middkown and Maysville pik,fSuiilay afternoon. Hasbeen welded 'about eighteen inchesfrom one end. ' Finder please returntoJ. HAL W-OODFORD.Stoves Wanted.Will buy your second hand stoves,coal or gas, cookers and heaters.Must be in good condition. Cal1Home Phone 360, or(sept-4). J. ELVOVE.Wait For This Public SaleThe undersigned will offer at public sale the latter part of thismonth the entire real estate holdings of the late Mr. GeorgeVarden.We believe it would be 'to the interest of any parties contemplating the purchase of either a home or investment property towait for this sale.SECURITY TRUST COMPANYAdministrator George VardenAdministrator's Sale!Thursday, September 20, 1917AT 2 O'CLOCK P. M.As administrator of the estate of the late H. Margoien, deceased, Iwill sell on the above date, a business house on Main Sstreet, cottage onHenderson Street, and 40 acres of land.No. 1. Business house, situa'ted on West side of Main Street, between Sixth and Seventh Streets, contains two store rooms on first floor,35x66 ft., which rents for $50.00 per month each, and large store roomover entire building, which could easily be converted into two nice flats.No. 2. Two-stor3 frame residence on Henderson Street, bath, electriclight and gas. One large stock barn. Lot 60x150 feet. This is a modern,up-to-date home, convenient down town and a desirable neighborhood.No. 3. Contains 40 acres of land, one mile from city limits on FordsMill pike, just opposite packing house.. Improvements consist of fourroom cottage, all necessary out-buildings in splendid repair, new fiveacre tobacco 'barn, slaughter house, under good fencing and plenty ofwater. All good land. tSale of above named property will be held in front of business housaon Main street and must be sold to settle estate.TERMS One-third cash, balance in one and two years, with interestat the rate of 6 per cent.GUS MARGOLEN, Administrator.For further particulars call on Harris & Speakes.(11-14-18)575S37575cSport ShirtsOdd Palm Beachon Articles Not Mentioned Above.Clothing and Shoe Dept.We Give and Redeem Blue Trading Stamps. DEPT.BATS50cJournal Patterns. 10Home For Sale Private!)?On aceouat of Mr. Nayfer'sger run fctiag chaag ea frem Parti toyLexington and Cincinnati etIUt-'ing a removal to Lexingto, I 4irLto dispose of my residence at th corner of Main and Second streets, inParis, at private sale. .This is a substantial brick nous,two-stories, has six large rooms;sleeping porch; two concrete porches;large garden and poultry yard; aideand front yard. It in a first-classhome and will be a bargain for thapurchaser. It is in first-class shape.An inspection of the house and premises is invited.MRS. JESSE S. NAPIER,(4-tf) 12 Mam Street.Large Sizes)50ct$.Coats $2.252New GoodsARRIVING DAILYStart Your Girl'sSchool ClothesNow. Come andspect our stock.ln-- 15c; None Higher, fiWWj.3.rt K4'. ix', "" - ' -k - r T-Vf ", Vf--lvfSr--. y v r"' ' it,i ' " '-ft- V-rTUESDAY, NOVEMBER 18, 1917. . ' , '; ' THE BOURBON.J -1 S Ai . aI NEWS, BARIS,.KT, " s I -1 tJ w J -- v- r- VF AG TBWP1HEMP SEED MUST BE SAVED THISJ ARMY AND NAVY ONE MILLIONYEAR.Representing the United StatesDepartment of Agricluture, I wish tocall the attention of the hemp growers to the shortage of hemp seed.There will certainly be a ready market for all seed produced in Kentuckythis year and the price will be verygood.It seems that those fields grownfor .fiber which are not very promising could be profitably left to ripen.seed. While fiber made from such;over-ripe plants is not as gooa asthat harvested at the proper time,yet the additional amount receivedfor the seed will much more thanoffset the loss in price of fiber. Ordinarily such seed, known as lintseed, is not desired by the market.This year, however, there will be aready sale for all lint seed at a goodprice.This suggestion is made only forthe fields of fiber-hemp that are notgood. Also for portions of fields thatare short and poor quality. The poorpatches, or spots, in good fields couldbe left standing to ripen seed, and alarger cash return obtained than ifthey were harvested for fiber only.While a large portion of the fiber-hemp has already been harvested, yetthereare many fields still standingfrom wtiich it is possible to obtainseed.A. H. WRIGHT,U. S. Dept. of Agr.Ea Pa PaOne half the world doesn't knowhow the other half dies, either.The fellow who is on the fencshould be careful not to fall amongthieves.T ?S ISSTRONG.WASHINGTON, Sept. 17. ill thebelief that the country does not understand the real strength of theAmerican military and naval forces,Chairman Dent, ot the House Military Committee, to-day submitted tothe House for publication in the Congressional Record a statement prepared at his request by the committee on public information fromgovernment record?."On September 6, 1917," thestatement says, "there were in theregular army, national guard and reserve corps of the army, 76,828officers and 741,053 enlisted men."In the navy there were 141,867t enlisted jnen, 41,473 naval reservesland 14,500 of the naval militia inthe Federal service. -"There were 5,000 men in the coastguard and 6,500 in the hospitalcorps, making a tocal of 209,340."Enlisted strength of the ma'rinecorps was 29,971; leserves in the service, 1,070; national naval volunteers, 704; retired men on activeduty, fourteen. 'There were approximately 12,000SOCIAL AND PERSONAL.Comings and Goings of OurPeople Here, There andElsewhere.TJTFYOUR CORNSITNGERS.OFF WITHTells How to Loosen a Tender Cornjor Callous bo It Lilts' OutWithout Pain.officers in the navy and 1,166 in themarine corps."In other words, on that date, thearmy had, including officers and enlisted men, 819,881 and the navy254,265, making a total armedstrength on that date of 1,074,146men, all of whom are volunteers."Prior to that time there was nota drafted soldier in a single trainingcamp."EXPERIENCE IS THE BESTTEACHERIt is generally admitted that experience is the best teacher, but shouldwe not make use of the experience ofothers as well as our own? The exrWhen you can flatter a woman by perience of a thousand persons isis clever, it proves more to be depended upon than thattelling her sheEhe isn't.SpecialCut Prices!of one individual. Many thousandsof persons have used Chamberlain'sCough Remedy for coughs and coldswith the best results, which shows itto be a thoroughly reliable preparation for those diseases. Try it. Itis prompt and effectual and pleasantto take.(sept-adv)1ES Jl ?SiTo close out ourentire stock ofChinawareGlasswareandGranitewareBusyBeeCashStore"Tht Store For Daily Bargains""AINT NO TOBACCO IT'S A TREE'It was reported to us last Saturday by a gentleman who has a reputation for varacity that Mr. IkeSpurlin, a farmer of the Gum Groveneighborhood, had a very fine plantof tobacco that measured twenty-twofeet across from the end of one leafto the end of another. If that isn'tia record-breaking plant of tobaccowe do not know wlxere to go to findone. Hoqkinsville New Era.HAS A HIGH. OPINION OF CHAtfBERLADTS TABLETS."I have a high opinion of Chamberlain's Tablets for biliousness andas a laxative," writes Mrs. C. A.Barnes, Charleston, HI. "I havenever found anything so mild andpleasant to use. My brother has alsotssed these tablets with satisfactoryresults."(sept-adv)Don't believe in signs. .You can'ttell much about a doormat with"Welcome" on it. . i&ITIi-The Girl at "Inf ormation"She's a clever girl and she wouldlike to answer every question asked her.She is not a weather prophet, however;she is not a newspaper; she is just a welLtrained, efficient, special telephone operator whose work is to supply telephonenumbers to subscribers.She has all necessary records forthat purpose at her disposal and she isalways ready to furnish numbers quickly, cheerfully and courteously.You can help "Information" to beof even greater service to telephone.- users, if you will riot ask her for num' bers that you can find in the TelephoneDirectory.Alwayi consult tho Directory FIRSTommRfcAMD, TELAtf TELEGRAPHft J v- iCOMPANrffMZ, WasilH.tMr. Samuel Harding is ill of typhoid fever at his home on Parrish,avenue.Miss Rebecca Redmon is at homefrom a month's visit to freinds inJenkins, Ky.Miss'Sara Power has entered asa student at Science Hill Academy,at Shelbyville.Mrs. Robert Robbins, of Detroit,is a guest of her cousin, Mis Mabel'Robbins, in. this city.Miss Lucile Henry has returnedto her home in Winchester after avisit to Paris relatives.Mr. and Mrs. Robert O. Turnervisited friends and attended the StateFair in Louisville last week.Misses Bertha Clay and EdithMcClure have entered as students atMargaret College, in Versailles.Mr. and Mrs. W. K. Griffin andJittle Blanche, have returned fjom avisit to Mr. and Mrs. Parsons, atRavenna.Gladys, the four-year-old daughter of Mr. and Mrs. Houston Rion, isvery ill of typhoid fever at the homeof her parents, on Second street.Mrs. L. S. Gosney has returnedto her home at Concord, Pendletoncounty, after a pleasant visit -to hersister, Mrs. J. L. Day, on the Bethlehem pike.Mr. and Mrs. J. Sims Wilson andMiss Florence Wilson, of Paris, attended the funeral of Mr. W. N.Jurey, of Pewee Valley, in Louisville, last week.Mrs. Mary Goff, who has beenspending the summer in Louisvillewith her daughter, Mrs. John I.Fisher, has returned to her home in.North Middletown.Mrs. Laura Skillman and Mrs.A. Trimble, of North Middletown.who have 'been attending the StateFair at Louisville, returned Saturday to their homes.Miss Eunice Horn, of Huntington, W. Va., was the guest of honorat a dinner party last week at thehome of Miss Charlina Ball, nearParis, where she is visiting.Mrs. Richard O'Donnell, whohas been the guest of Misses Welsh,near Centerville, and of other relatives in Bourbon county, has returned to her home in Avondale,Ohio.Mrs. H. A. Power has returnedfrom Shelbyville, where she accompanied her daughter, Miss Sara, toScience Hill Academy, Mrs. Power remaining over to visit friends for afew days.Mrs. James H. Porter, of Louisville, and Miss Mary Hackett, ofWinchester, 'have returned to theirrespective homes after a visit toMrs. Ellen Shea and family, on Walker avenue. ' e-i-Dr. and Mrs. H. M. Hamiltonhave returned from a visit to relatives in Yorktown,"and New Albany,Ind. Dr. Hamilton attended theState Fair at Louisville, Friday andSaturday.Marion Thomas, Herbert Youngand Stoddard Young have enteredTransylvania University, at Lexington. Henry Hopkins, of the LittleRock vicinity, will enter M. M. I.,at Millersburg, this week.Mrs. Frank L. Farmer and little daughter, Helena, who have beenspending a part of the summer inParis as guests of Mrs. Farmer's parents, Mr. and Mrs. James W. Earlywine, have returned to their home inHarriman, Tennessee.Mr. B. J. Williams and familyhave moved to Hillsboro, Texas, toreside in the future. Mr. Williams,who was the local representative ofthe National Life and Accident Insurance Co., is succeeded here by Mr.R. C. Stewart, of Lexington.Danville Messenger: "Mr.Stanley Dickerson, of Paris, Mr.John Price, of University of Kentucky, .Mr., Willis VanMeter, of Winchester, TVIoleman Renick, of Paris,and Mr. G. C. Thompson, of Paris,spent a few days in Danville andattended the opening of Centre College." Mr. Hedges Rash, who has beenconfined to hia room for severalmonths with rheumatism, and is under the care of a trained nurse, nasbeen taken to the Carlsbad Fprings,at Dry Ridge, where it is hoped hewill be" benefitted. He was accompanied by his nurse and Dr. and Mrs.A. G. Cook, the latter two returning:(Other Personals on Page 5.)Ta te fc ,FOR YOUR SCRAP BOOK.The fiouse by the Side of the Road.There are hermit souls who livewithdrawn,In their place of self content;There are souls, like stars, that liveapartIn a followless flrmamant,There are pioneer souls that blazethe pathWhere highways never runBut let me live by the side of theroad,And be a friend of man.Let me live in a house by the side ofthe road,Where the race of men go byThe men who are good and, the menwho are bad,As good and as bad as I. .I would not sit in the scorner's seat,Nor hurl the cynic's ban;Let me live in the house by the sideofHllea'b,And be a friend of man.I see from, nhouse by the side of' the roskdBy the sidr6f?the highway of life,,The men'Whqariepressed by the ar-.dor of-hopeThe men'who.are faint with, strifeBut I turn nof away from: tfteir.Both art part ptaalaflnit plait,The Name Tells a True StoryYou reckless men and women, whoare pestered with corns and who haveat least once a week invited an awfuldeath from lockjaw or blood .poisonare now told hy a Cincinnati authority to use a drug called Freezone,which' the moment a few drops are,applied to any corn or callous thesoreness is relieved and soon the entire corn or callous, root and all,lifts off with the fingers.Freezone dries the moment'it is applied, and simply shrivels the corn orcallous without inflaming or even irritating the surrounding tissue orfinn. A small bottle of 'Freezone-jwill cost very little at any of thedrug s'tores, but will positively ridjone's feet of every hard or soft cornor hardene4 callous. If your drug-jgist hasn't any Freezone he can getit at any wholesale drug house for.you. taav;IS IS tsUndoubtedly Adam had other littletroubles, but he never had to sprinklethe Garden of Eaden with a leakyhose.: .1iS I: JIWBIHIHBiiBMl: HBrBsBlliiMfl M 1 11 1 1 UlnMUrVrmMlwSuperior FeaturesGrainWilmoth'sSalt-RisingBread!Angel FoodCake!Don't That"Listen Good?"WILMOTHGrocery Co.Phone 376tDouble Run Positive ForceGrain Feeds.Sow all known seeds, both large and small.Adjustable Disc Wind ShieldsTake up wear. Prevent ti ash from catching betweendisc and wheel.Both right and left ground wheels drive all the feeds.Conductor Tube Tops permit connection of grass seedspouts so grass.seed can be sown in rows.Reducing Pletes for alfalfa, millet, flax, etc.Angle Steel Frame reinforced with I-Beam Steel Bed Rail.Hoppers of Large Carrying ' Capacity.Oscillating Drag Bar Heads(Single Disc only) give greatest clearance of trash.Disk Wheel and Sliding Pinion6 For change of quantity.Folding Safety LeversTake up least room in storing. lTwo-Part Axle HangersNot necessary to strip axle in case of accidental breakage.tJC. S. BALL GARAGECor. Fourth and Pleasant St. .'k . iI Even Sowing Means Even GrowingillllllHllllIllMMMlllllHtffFTFfftflIflllllJi GRAND OPERA HOUSEmPARIS, KENTUCKYTHURSDAY, SEPTEMBER,America's Greatest Colored ShowThe Smarter SetIN MUSIC AND MIRTH OF AFORMERLY THE SMART SETHEADED BYSalem Tutt Whitney and J. Homer TuttPRESENTINGJiUi l' J 11 MMYWm Bj.'ttjM B Kb..'jKtfOlfffO O.U- tr" -if vRACEfOltviaV.Everything New and Ahead of the Times!f' . , .-...,ii v . Ten f. jii v ,r:o -Mxrtrh:HJ. H' B &J9mmjfPlF&aj JW'l J&&- VI&i!iGft" -iJ 7CA4UVT Vr& - WW! ff' fV $f.(,tc,r-WWmcxr?j ' e". - " tfhm.ity:rtUZ. H1 . .7 .,. . . rw r. J T 7 - v oumrf?tV nwr-ta-cri 3't-... lm---r.i ,sMjts:-?..A , J J-ujnj s2ttfi;r Jfr iiM&mln Colore People, 75c i& "T U -W W$ 5 &utu'(ii4..aItem :iifftft&lHf I MWftl '" , : .'W;n.Wkrf.W JilOUll p?J', --' V iiart- ,- A v .Trf...-. - m&Xitrzxii fXiA - f; - . . " t . - -r ?;nrrMn tvevjuSr. . J4y&TV-'-44MWBHMMi'ri. A-iJc-ttMra'Cif lrF lt'i.s , ' , r i .it-,'of the,ihiWtyjJbfo jpAfcM'O'Xifo .'t(3, BOX US, FRANKFORT, &T..' '- l4 '. - ' - - . ). " ' ...... .WmmmmmmmmimtmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmI 4 mora to nun..i t--.rot .' -.-,'.s 'i'AC, - -rfROratBON NEWS,' ARlSE,.-X$"t V-TJUil FODBTUESDAY, NOYiMJKR IS; lilt,', frcTHE BOURBON NEWSSURELY IS A "SMOOTH TELLOW."established. " tinions Publication.Bublished Every Tuesday and Friday.Pr Year... $2.00 Six Months... ?1.00Payable in Advance.WIFT(Entered at the Paris, Kentucky,Postoffice as Mail Matter of theSecond-Class.)Grover Cleveland Morgan, alias188136 Years of Con-' Jira Porter may J'ustly claim to be a"suck ienotv, or at least ne was ontwo occasions recently. ,The firstNwas when he, so it isalleged by the nolice. entered thej home of Mr. 'e. B. Wood, of ' nearHutchison, in the absence of theowner, and without his consent felo-CHAMP, Editor and Owner. - niouslv removed and carried awayvarious and sundry diamonds andother personal property, some ofwhich was afterward recovered, andsome of which remains unrecovered.Morgan denied the theft, but the police claim to have fastened the crimeupon him conclusively. fMorgan's second claim to be asmooth jman was one night recentlywhen, as a prisoner in the Paris jail,vhe took French leave of Jailer Farrisand his hospitality in a "slick" wfy.By removing his clothes and soaping,his entire body he managed tosqueeze through a narrow openingnot over six and one-half inches inwidth between the stones forming thewindow of his cell. The stones werealso treated to a 'liberal applicationof soap, making Jiis exit the easier.Dropping to the court yard he madehis way out .of the enclosures-send isT-JMLATKlMOJNIALu'mm tmwmmmvmmmmmmmmmkMM BsMHKMASTEVENS YOST.Mrs. Hattie Stevens, widow ofthe late Dr. E. L. Stevens, formerlya dentist in Paris, and Mr. Win.Yost, Frankfort business man, weremarried at Paducah, Saturday. .Mrs. Stevens is ah attractive youngwoman, who made many warmfriends during her residence in Paris.She has two children, Ernest Stevens, Jr., and Miss 'Mamie Stevens,who reside with her at Paducah.ireffftiuINTERURBAN PROJECT HALTED, still at large.Morgan told prisoners in the jailFurther progress toward the building of the interurban line betweenFrankfort and Shelbyville, completing the last link in interurban connection of Louisville. with the Bluegrass, is held up, awaiting the granting of a free right-of-way by theproperty owners along either. one ofthe two routes under consideration.Some of the farmers insisted uponbeing paid. Secretary Dunn, of theFrankfort Chamber of Commerce,who attended a conferenrfi in Trmis-ville withthe engineer, representing!promoters of the road, said that theywere induced to consider the projectthrough the promise of the Chamber of Commerce that the route wouldbe secured without cost to them, andif the people along the route, whowill be chiefly benefitted, do not givethe right-of-way, the project will bedropped,m 1 m-AUTO DEALERS UND TROUBLE IN- GETTING CARS.A , tParis automobile dealers reportdifficulty inf getting their newly-purchasedcars from the factories on account7 of the increased demand in allparts of the country. As a result ofthe shortage of cars several localdealers have sent men tothe factoriesat different times in an effort to getmore jmachines delivered on time.On account of the lateness of theseason and the approach of winter,which will impede pleasure-riding toa large degree Paris dealers report adecrease in their sales during thepast week, but repair work has' been1heavy, and all are satisfied with theirshare of business.m m mSCHOOLS REOPEN.The North Middletown publicschool has reopened for the 1917-18school term with a good attendance,although many of the farmers inthat vicinity are keeping their boysout of school to help at home in housing tobacco.pisses Alma Rice and JosephineDetwiller, who had charge of theschool, are again in charge.The schools at Stony Point andShakespeare opened as usual withgood attendance. Miss Ada Brown isin charge of the Stony Point schooland Miss Lou Benthal at the Shakspeare school..that he had been for several yearscontortionist with a circus, whichaccounts for his ability to squeezehis body through such a narrow opening. Jailer Farris is wonderingwhether his prisoner went out headfirst or feet first. Morgan also toldthe prisoners that he and three others had escaped in 'a similar mannerfrom the military prison at Ft. Leavenworth, Kansas.-An accurate "description of Morganwas furnished the police and countyofficers of all the towns in CentralKentucky, but so far .he has notbeen apprehended.wa 1ft JATTENTION, MOTHERS!You want your boy dressed" in. thenewest style and in clothes that willwear. That's the sort you'll 'find here.$6.50 to $12.50.J. W. DAVIS & CO.m m KMISS USHER TO GIVE RECITALAT PUBLIC SCHOOL.GARRETT QUISENBERRY.Mr. and Mrs. Fleming B. Quisenherry, newly-weds, of Winchester,were guests of friends in this city fora short time Saturday, having motored over from Winchester, where theyhad been married in the parlors ofthe First Baptist church by R'ev. J.W. Wilson, of Mt. Sterling. Theywere accompanied by Mrs, Charles E.Lyman,4 of Minnepaolis, Minn., andLyman, of Minneapolis, Minn., andbride. They took the L. & N. fromhere for an extended honeymoontrip, the destination not being givenout. Upon their return they willmake their home in Winchester. Thebride was formerly Miss Dailey Garrett, of Winchester.STATE FAIR CLOSES WITH RECORD ATTENDANCEWith a total attendance of morethan 120,000 for the week, the fifteenth annual Kentucky State Fairclosed Saturday night with all patronage records broken. SecretaryKremer declared that the fair hadbeen a financial success, with theassociation's debts cleaned and a surplus left. An exhibit buildingto cost$300,000 is looked forward to for the1918 fair. .Bourbon county exhibitors werevery much in evidence, t!hev stablesof Allie G. Jones, McCray Bros, andE. K. Thomas & Son, being large winners. Exhibitors in other lines wereequally successful.ei fc S 'TO TAX PAYERSTax receipts of thecity for 1917 are nowin the hands of CityCollector ClarenceThomas, at the Peoples Deposit Bank.Call and pay themnow.J.T; HINTON,(auglO-tf) Mayor.WARNING.Insurance men and fire departmentofficials ask that housekeepers lookcarefully to grates and flues and gasstove connections before starting upfires. The season is rapidly approch-ing-when fires will tfecome necessaryIn homes and stores, and a littlecaution in advance will save a visitfrom the fire department, and meanthe avoidance of property damageand loss.Recent fires have demonstrated thefact that an accumulation of wastepaper about premises is a positivemenace. All trash and waste paper"fehould bo removed and destroyed.Every proper precaution to avoid thepossibility f fire should be taken iniadvance.EXEMPT PROPERTY TO BE SUBJECT TO.COMPENSATION .The State Tax Commission Saturday mailed letters to the CountyAssessors stating that they would3 claim compensation this year for theassessment of exempt property.Under the statute there has alwaysbeen a certain amount of propertyexempt from taxation, as for examplem specified amount of household furniture. The county assessors .haveheretofore never been paid for theaaeeesment of thU property. Underthe present tax statute, however, theState Commission claims the rightfor compensation and will, chargefor it.POHCE COURT REPORT.At the recent meeting of theParis City Council, Police Judge E.1. Jamuary submitted the followingrtfort of business transacted in theeowrt duriag the moath of August,'., fellows!Afcoiit of imes assessed; $143.50;it Tijttriaaa, SIS: twbunt ofootteetea, ftS.H; aiaoaat ap-$lfi; aotufct werked out,." -,. .", r.i.-Hfe.Miss Anna !Chandler Goff, of theLexington College- of Music, was inParis, Friday, making arrangementsfor the appearance of Miss EthelLove Fisher, reader and pianist,- atthe Paris High School, to-morrow,(Wednesday) morning at ten o'clock.Miss Fisher will present a combined program of recitals in piano andreadings at the chapel exercises atthe school, the numbers being of acharacter that will be sure to pleaseher audience. Miss Fisher is ateacher of music and of expressionand will assist in both these departments at the College of Music thisyear. Miss Fisher is an impersonator, reader, pianist and teacher. Shewas graduated in music and expression at Millersburg College in 1910and attended Indianapolis Conservatory of Music in" 1911, where shestudied piano with Carl Beutle andlater with William H. Sherwood.Last winter Miss Fisher spent mNew York and continued her pianostudy with Claire Norde. In Expression Miss Fisher studied withMr. and Mrs. Southwick, of Emerson School of Expression, Boston,and did special work with F. F.Mackay and Marie Louise Moelher,of New York, Miss Fisher had aprivate studio at Savannah, Georgia,and New York City, and was director of Music and Expression of Cumberland, Tennessee.In addition to work at the College of Music, during the comingyear she will succeed Mr. Smith asteacher of Expression in Fans iomeSchool and will have a privatestudio in Paris for niano and inMidway for Expression and piano.She will also teach at the Paris CitySchool.SPRAKE KENNEY.LITTLE HARRIS.A double wedding, though thecontracting parties were unacquainted locally, was performed Saturdayafternoon by Rev. W. E". Ellis; of theParis Christian church, at his home,corner of Main and Tenth streets.' The first couple to enter the married state was Mr. Tony H. Kenneyand Miss Margaret Sprake, of Lexington. ' The second marriage, whichfollowed immediately, was that ofMr. John W. Harris and Miss EstherE. Little, both of Indiana, who cameto Paris to have the ceremony performed. After the ceremonies thetwo couples were introduced to eachother and departed happy as happycould be.GOOD INVESTMENT PROPERTY.Attend the Margolen administrator's sale on Thursday, at 2 p. m.Some good investment property to besold. Harris & Speakes will tell youabout it."THE SMARTER SET."The "Smarter Set," better knownas the "Smart- - Set," headed bySalem Tutt Whitney and J. HomerTutt, presenting a new musical creation called "My People, or Music andMirth of a Race," will be the attraction at the Paris Grand OperaHouse on Thursday night, Sept. 20.These clever comedians, singers anddancers will thrill and delightthe local lovers of theJest in musicalcomedy, who are most certain to attend in such goodly numbers as torefute completely the oft-repeatedstatement that there is no longer anydemand for good singing and brilliant comedy.NIGHT SCHOOL TOR OFFICERS ATCAMP ZACHARY TAYLOR. ,Announcement was made Sunday atCamp Zachary Taylor that the General Staff is mapping a course of instruction for a night school for officers in training at "the camp. It isr& will Tiave "tostated tnat tne o:btckle down, to -extremely arduous,labors, so 'that 'they , may be madecoiietat - to -haadle -oommandswhen "they reah ibe batleaelds ofTramee. ' This mews te:iatexreted sfeairhig the'death Wow to hoes of-winter of social attention. - ' cPRICHARD BROWN.One of the really surprise marriages of the season was that of Mrs.Amne Fret well Prichard and Dr. J.T. Brown, both of this city, whichwas quietly solemnized Saturdayevening at 6:30 o'clock; at the homeol the bride, on Convent Heights, theofficiating minister being Rev. W. E.Ellis, pastor , of the Paris Christianchurch.Although the bride and groom havebeen good friends for many months itwas not in the least suspected- by eventheir most intimate friends that theywould soon embark on the matrimonial sea. They kept their plans andintentions a secret, and when all thedetails had been finally arranged totheir mutual satisfaction, the marriage took .place at the home in thepresence of a few intimate friendsand relatives.The bride is one of the handsomestand most accomplished women in thecity, and possessed of personal charmsof face and manner that have madeher a favorite in manycircles Shehas two children, Messrs. Edward andThomas Prichard, both of this city.Dr. Brown, the groom, is one of themost successful "physicians of the city,a man and physician whose friendsare legion. He also has two children,Miss Elizabeth Brown, of this city,and Mr. Duke Brown, who is attending the University of Virginia.After the ceremony Dr. and Mrs.Brown left for an extended bridaltrip through the East, and upon theirreturn will make their home in thiscity. ,B-4 TIRE' Insure withW.O. HINTON &SON,Agtsto to toTWO BUILDINGS BURNED.LOSTmi i iiinitHmii ii i iniii 1 1 1 1 ii ii n i n i nf JinFRANK & CO.The Reliable Store' ANNOUNCE ' rTHEY ARE NOW SHOWINGThe Latest Modes JINA pink shell cameo pin', surroundedwith pearls, between Seventh andWinchester streets, on Main. Suitable reward for return to BOURBONNEWS. (It)For Rent.Modern cottage of four rooms, inRosedale Addition to Paris. Apply toHARRY L. MITCHELL,x 735 Henderson St.,(18-tf) Paris, Ky.Wanted.All kinds of second-hand furniture,carpets, rugs, stoves, etc. Cumberland Phone 780.1 .THE ARK,F. B. Thomas, Manager.(18-3t)NOTICEFall and WinterReady-toWear GarmentsFor Ladies, Misses and Children.:s Serge and Satin Dresses 4 ,Suits For Ladies and Misses'?Coats For Ladies, Misses and ChildrenSkirts of All KindsCrepe and Georgette Waists&The annual meeting of the stock-jholders of the Burley Tobacco Company will be held at our warehouseon South Broadway .Lexington, Ky.,October 9, 1917, at ten o'clock a. m.This is a vry important meetingand each stockholder should attendin person.r BURLEY TOBACCO CO.,B. F. Osborne, Secretary.(18-2t)FOR SCHOOL GIRLSSEEJACK TAR MIDDIESNEW GINGHAM DRESSESPRICES REASONABLECOME IN AND SEEFRANK C& CO.Hiwwiiimm4Hinwfii mm i im 44Your Suit is HereFar FallValue Above EverythingWhat threatened for a while to bea disastrous fire was discovered Friday afternoon at 4 o'clock on theroof of the building adjoining theOldham Bank' & Trust Companystructure, at Lagrange. The roofwas a mass of flames, which rapidlyspread to the residence of M. Mundlock, on the west side of the bankbuilding:. The residence was de-'stroyed. The Mundlock bakery,which adjoins the residence, was saved by the prompt action of the firedepartment.Phe building in which the fireoriginated was occupied on the lowerfloor by Wilson's tin shop. The flatabove was occupied by Joe Head.The structure was destroyed.ft ft ftFire, Wind and LightningInsurance.Thomas, Woodford & Bryan.DESTROYED BY PIRE.rrr"CATS OUR IDEA IN THIS STORE: To eive vou ereatest Dossiblevalues in clothes value in style, value in fit, value in quality, tailoring andlong wear. And because we teel this way we have bought our clothesfrom the leading makers in this country, and we are sure you will get morevalue out of them than any clothes we know of. They're so good we can guarantee.you complete satisfaction in every detail.'The Best YetYHOMEiWhile the family of John Kenney,colored, of North Middletown, wasabsent, on a visit in the vicinity lastweek, fire of an unknown origindestroyed the home, together with allits contents. ,BIG RALLYAND ALL-DAY SERVICE.. An all-day rally and, all-day religious servJceTwill be-held .on Sunday,Sept. '2.3,-Jilieiold 'Ctne ".Ridirchurch, -ntwartebytht fur eolor-4Ajf AWllWSkAfl " t -Hftal f 4 It Mitt1M' 1 KNortkxKMitetow;iidlIiittle?Jipck;Preparation ftMngnade' for v enJ Xtrtaininc one of tie latrest croever onthe hioric oldrouMs.That's what you'll say when you see and try on our new models. The beltaround model is here and it is bound to prove the most popular model with theyounger men. Other models in belted and pinch-backs and conservative styles arealso to be found here. Plain greens, blues and Oxfords stripes, plaids, mixturesand fancy effects are to be found jn these new models in a wide range of colorings.$12.50 to $30.00KnoxT Crofutt & Knapp Hats!They're ready all the new styles, colors and combinations. . -"J?,?V? S4.0QRPV.:?."' ': -7WALSHHWPll- ms TaarjmttMBjttMMaaatt4Itttt.x-:r:;rTUESDAY, NOVEMBER 18, 1917.THE BOURBON NEWS, PAMS, KYPAGIFTTUFOR THE BESTNOTHING ELSEWHEAT, RYE ANDTIMOTHY SEED.We have a limitedsupply of OhioGrownPultz Wheat' of veryfine Quality. Alsoseed rye and timothyseed, all recleanedand tested.CHAS. S. BRENT & BRO(septl4-7t)1H5 ?B5 HiTHE BEST SCHOOL SHOES.For reliable schoolFeld's Shoe Store.shoes, go to(11-ft)NEW AUTO LICENSES ISSUED RECENTLY. Among the auto licenses issuedlast week from the office, of Commissioner of Motor Vehicles Byars, atFrankfort, are the following:E. T. Proctor, Maysville, Ford,39124; John T. Collins, North Mid"dletown, Dodge 39174; E. J. Barton:Millershurg, Ford, S9285. .SLOW THEM DOWN!It -is said that the speed maniagrows on any driver of an automobile. We believe it is true of a greatmany drivers in this city, judging bythe rapid rate they run through theprincipal streets. The drivers arealways careful to see that the policeare not in sight. Some of them maybe caught yet!li fe is" OH! BOY! WE'RE READY!Ready with the best school clothesyou ever seen $6 to $12.50.J. W. DAVIS & CO."Pa T sSEE PAGE TWO THIS ISSUE FORAD. OP H. MARGOLEN SALE.Read the advertisement of the Margolen sale in this issue of THEBOURBON NEWS.m 1CORN DAMAGED.. Those "who are in a position toknow tell THE NEWS that the corncrop will not turn out as good asexpected. The ears are very large,but these have been affected bymoisture and the light frosts, theground loosened by the water sothat the stalks are fallen down.Many of the ears, it is said, are notfilled out. . "SOCIAL AND PERSONAL.Comings and Goings of Our.People Here, There andElsewhere.PLOWING TOR WHEAT.Despite the scarcity of farm helpplowing for wheat planting has beengoing right along, and farmers arelooking forward to the success of thewheat campaign, which means betterprices, larger crops, replaced soil andfamine prevented. The Bourbonfarmers are certainly "doing theirbit."fe fe 1SAVE YARN EOS THE SOLDIERSA friend of THE NEWS makes thekindly suggestion that some of theParis girls and women making somany sweaters for themselves andfriends would be much more patriotic if they would use the yarn formaking socks, etc., for the soldierboys. Yarn is not only costly, but isbecoming scarce. Think of this!.PRICE'S SAUSAGE.The famous Price's Sausage received fresh every day at our store.(It) C. P. COOK & CO.Mrs. Allen Weigel and two children, of Rosedale, are guests of Mrs.John C. Redmon.Mr. Albert Behrman, of Newport, is a guest of his sister, Mrs. J.W. Bacon, and Mr. Bacon.Mr. Thomas Smith has beenchosen as assistant secretary of theBourbon County Y. M. C. A.Mr. and Mrs. Chas. Posner wereguests Sunday and Monday of Mr.Posner's parents, in Cincinnati.Mjss Marguerite Atkinson hasreturned to her home in Middlesboro,after a "Visit to Miss Clara Bacon.Mr. and Mrs. Albert Holliday,who have been guests of relatives inParis, left to-day for their home inChicago.. Miss Chlora Ross, of Covington,arrived Sunday to be a guest thisweek of Mrs. R. B. Smarte, of Parrish avenue.Mrs. -Fielding, Gordon has returned to her home- in Nicholasville,Tenn., after a visit .to Miss BelleHorton, near Paris.Miss Amelia Hurst, of Millersburg, has taken a position as Cashier in the office of Mr. Roy F. Clendenin, in this city.Misses Margaret Willis andFrances Clay attended the bridgeparty .given in Winchester, Friday,Dy miss juouise noniass.Lieut. Catesby Spears returned toCamp Taylor, near Louisville, Sunday, accompanied by Mr. John Davis.Mr. Davis returned yesterday.Mrs. James Gilmore and daughter, Miss Elizabeth, who have beenguests of. relatives in Paris, returnedSunday to their home in Covington.Mr. and Mrs. Lone Taylor Proctor were guests of Mr. and Mrs. E. T.Procto for the week-end, Mr. Proctor being on leave of absence fromCamp Taylor.Mrs. P. A. Thompson and twochildren left Saturday for Covington,to make their home there while Mr.Thompson is in the training camp atFt. Benj. Harrison.Mrs. David Bachrach and littledaughter, Sylvia, have returned totheir home in Little Rock, Ark., after a visit of several weeks to herparents, Mr. and Mrs. Louis Wollstein, on Pleasant street.Misses Marie and Mildred Collins, of North Middletown, who havebeen guests of friends in Louisvillefor the State Fair, have returned andresumed their studies at KentuckyUniversity, in Lexington.Mr. Charles Porter, of Stevenson,Alabama, was a guest Sunday of Mr.and Mrs. George McWilliams and Mr.and Mrs. John J. McCarthy andother relatives. Mr. Porter was enroute to Lexington to visit relatives.Miss Elizabeth Steele, who hasjust returned from Monteagle, Tennessee, entertained at the LexingtonCountry Club Friday evening, inhonor of Mts. Fielding Gordon; ofNashville, Tenn., guest of Miss BelleHorton.Mr and Mrs. W. C. Potts and little daughter, Carolyn, arrived inParis, Saturday, from Grand Rapids,Mich., where they have been visitingfor two weeks, for a visit to Mrs.Potts' parents, Mr. and Mrs. GeorgeDuvall, on Lilleston avenue. Mr.Potts has just closed, a successfulpublicity campaign for the MingoRepublican, published at Williamson,W. Va.-THE NEW had an agreeablesurprise yesterday in the nature of apersonal call from a former Parisianwho has been in the West for eighteen years. The caller was Mr.Carlyle Cox, son of Capt. W. H. Cox,who was for many years agent for theKentucky Midland railroad at Paris.Mr. Cox has been in St. Louis sinceleaving Paris. He is now connectedwith the International News Servicein Chicago. Mr. Cox, accompanied byhis wife, who is a native of St. Paul,Minn., was motoring from St. Louisto Chicago, and being in Cincinnati,had a desire to see his old home townagain. Mr. and Mrs. Cox left yesterday afternoon for Cincinnati en routeto their home.(Other Personals on Page 3.)REAL ESTATE DEALS AND LAN3SALES.Mr. Harry Simon, of the Simon Derpartment Store, who recently sold hishome on Henderson street, to Mrs.H. D. Campbell, of near Paris, haspurchased of the First National Bankthe property on South Main street,lately purchased by them from Mrs.W. R. Scott, for $4,600. Mr. Simonwill move from his- present locationto his new home about October 1.Mr. Harry L. Mitchell purchased ofShelby county parties four small cottages in the Rosdale Addition toParis, for an aggregate of, about?2,000. The sale was made throughthe Paris Realty Company. Thissame concern negotiated the deal lastweek which disposed of the Arnsparger property on Duncan avenue.Mr. and Mrs. Jeptha Haggard, whorecently purchased the Drake Thompson farm near Clintonville, will remove from their home near Winchester to the property about the firstof next month.The firm of Harris & Speakes, ofthis city, sold at public sale Saturdayfor Peale Collier his lumber yard inMillersburg to Mr. Alex Miller, ofMillersburg, for $3,900. Severalother pieces of Millersburg propertybelonging to Mr. Collier were offeredin the same sale, but not disposed of.On Saturday the farm of Mrs. Sallie C. Clay, of Lexineton. located onthe Paris & Bethlehem pike, seven;miles from Paris, was rented publicly to Mr. J. Evans Mason, of nearNorth Middletown, for $16.60 anacre, or a total of $8,025. It hasbeen rented this year to Miss SaraDaniel for $4,600. The land is in ahigh state of cultivation, and for thenext year twelve acres is to be in tobacco, 275.14 acres in corn or hemp,70 acres in wheat or rye, and the balance to remain in grass. Possessionwill be given on March 1, 1918.The Boswell farm of 130 acres, located on the Paris and Lexingtonpike, was also publicly rented Saturday by the Bourbon-AgriculturalBank & Trust Co., for the Boswellheirs, to W. J. Calvert, for $2,500.to be cultivated as follows: Nineacres in tobacco, 24 in corn, 40 acresin wheat and the balance in meadow.IADVANCE FALL APPARELSuitsWaistsMillineryNOW DISPLAYING A COMPLETE LINE OF THEPROPOSITION DISCUSSED.At the recent meeting of the CityCouncil the matter of constructing anew concrete dam across StonerCreek, near the Paris Milling Co.'splant, was discussed, but no actionwas taken. There seems to be adifference of opinion among the parties concerned the- Paris MillingCo., the City of Paris, the Paris Waterworks Co., and the Louisville &Nashville railroad companV on manypoints, and they can no get together. The question of materialand cost is the bone of contention.KEEP THIS SALE IN MINDLAND,BUSINESS, RESIDENCEPROPERTY.BUSINESS HOUSE, COTTAGE ANDLAND AT AUCTION, SEP-TEMBER20.,Main street business house, cottage on Henderson street, and' 40acres of land, Thursday, September20, at 2 p. m.-pa m iCHIROPRACTORS HOLD MEETING.The official board of the KentuckyAssociation of Chiropractors held abusiness meeting in the offices of Dr.Mohney, local Chiropractor, Friday.Among the transactions of the daywas the election of Dr. Mohney asSecertary of the Association, whichoffice was left vacant by the resignation of Dr. Folsoni, of Ashland, Ky.Dr. Folsom is now preparing to go toFrance in the employ of Uncle Sam.mm mASSESSORS TO GET COMMISSIONSCounty Assessors will be allowedtheir commission in the future forlisting all j-nnfyf including thatwhich U exempted to' householders.This ruling was adopted by the TaxCommission, with the approval ofState Auditor Greene. Heretoforethey have not been allowed commissions on the portion exempted. Thisruling is under the new law.m toMR. MINTER INJURED.BOURBON IARM SOLD .Auctioneer M. F. Kenney sold atthe court house door. Saturday afternoon for Mrs. Emma Fisher . andDeputy BaBkittr;ComMiaioiier"Buckner Woodfora'tke -Fisher larmsof J147acres, located' oa-tkfvBudlee' Millspike, flv milae rjMBjPi& to TNCr.James OqmmU, Jbr-H-0.U &Tkt jiiriUnir was girt rsdinsjH-fcrilcs toe tWsttil,While working on a scaffold at thehome 'of Miss Lucy Simms, on Second street, yesterday afternoon, Mr.George B. Minter, Paris builder andcontractor, was severely injuredwhen the scaffold fell, throwing himinto the cellar below, a distance ofseveral feet.Workmen went to Mr. Minter'sassistance and brought him to theupper floor. Dr. Chas. G. Daughertywas summoned, and after administering first aid to the injured, ha.4 theinjifred man taken to his home. Itis feared that he may have sustainedserious internal injuries. An examination revealed the fact that nobones were broken.Public sale of the Margolen property to be conducted Thursday, Sept.20, by Harris & Speakes.153 to IdSUES L. & N.Suit has been filed in the FlemingCircuit Court by Cleveland Colemine,against the Louisville & Nashvillerailroad company for $5,000 damagesfor personal injuries alleged to havebeen sustained in the South Parisyards of the company several weeksago..rPARIS SCHOOL BONDS BEINGTESTED THROUGH COURTS.The purchaser of the $46,000 ofschool bonds, -voted on June 2, 1917,declined to pay for the bonds, doubting the right to hold the election atany time except at the regular November election. jA test case was prepared and thepapers were taken to Frankfort lastweek by City Attorney W. H. WJhitley, and submitted to Judge Stout,who held the election regular andvalid.The case was then immediatelyprepared for the Court of Appeals,and on Monday, Attorney Robt. C.Talbott filed thein in the uourt or.Appeals. He made amotion to advance, the case for immediate hearing and the, Court of. Appeals "sustained the inptiqn. The case, thererfore, 'will "be-harii,ak an: early datef, Tbmotioa to aayanee was Madeupoa the arournd tha " th , PUCwas interested and an early deeis-Children love' the VictrolaFrom earliest childhood' the Victrola has a place inlhe lives of the children.RCerely fascinating themat first, it soon becomes asource of instruction aswell as entertainment.The Victrola gives correctformation to their musicaltastes by accustoming1 themto music that is worth while.'Come in and hearthe Victrola bringthe children with youand let them enjoy it 'too. $15 to $200'easy, terms if desired.'Z$T?-.-'$';?DaughrtyBras.lNEWEST FALL HATSIn smartest styles of Silk Plush, Velour, 'Zibeline Plush and Velvet.Autumn SuitsIn Velour, Broadcldth, Burilla and Poplins, displaying thesmartest of style features. Most moderately priced . " .$20.00 to $75.00 , .Autumn CoatsPlush, Silk Velour, Burilla and Broadcloth, in the fashion'slatest decree as to style and color$10.00 to $75.00Autumn DressesIn Serges and Silks. The styles are most charming inmany new colors and materials; moderate in price. Theyare the leading garments of the season$5.00 to $40.00Autumn WaistsIn Georgette, Crepe de Chene, Plain and Fancy Styles.Displaying the newest styls features$2.98 to $15.00SUMMER WASH SKIRTS SPECIAL!Smart, Pretty Styles in Fancy Materials, Prices from $5.00 to $12.50,AT HALF PRICE !HARRY SIMONOne Price To AllNOW COMESTHE TIME OF YEAR TO PUTAWAY SUMMER CLOTHES!We Have Just Received Some BeautifulCEDAR CHESTS-ANDMATTING BOXESWe are also showing a very complete line ofRUGSAt the Lowest Prices.'-THEJ.T.HINT0NCftMOTOR HEARSEiMotor invalid coachjf,"jiitMCRPHbiNiaejSIXTH AND CMNv-vr 4-:A.K-i-iAJ ,I'lIfDERTAKlfliIkm yery desirable; ' ' -;Paris,' KafacityKmJw-y'THE BOURBON NEWS, PARIS, KY.TUESDAY, NOVEMBER If, infr1crGEEATMTH IN CHAMBERLAINSCOIIC AND DIARRHOEAEEMEDY"Chamberlain's Colic and DiarrhoeaRemedy was used by my father abouta year ago when he had diarrhoea.It relieved him immediately and by-SHARP, STABBING PAINSOften Tell of Weak Kidneys AParis Resident Shows YonWhat To Do.The sharp twinges of pain in thesmall of the back that strikes youtaking three doses he was absolutely! after any sudden twist or awkwardcured. He has great faith in this motion, may tell of weak, kidneys.remedy," writes Mrs. W.H. "Winiams, i And tnere are often disturbances ofStanley, N. Y. tne urine too frequent urination,fsent-adv , scalding or burning pain during pas-fe JttLife is a grind, and you don't haveto-be a hurdy-gurdy man to realize.it, either.H3 E3 3You never really know a man tillypu marry his widow.You Don't Have toStoopIf You Use aGarlandCabinetRangeIH iIHHflllHIHrI 1A beautiful lino of Garlands on dltlay. Coma In and look thorn ovor.Paris Gas & Electric Co.(Incorporatad)fefsm.K!OS:jxmmpictcr5v5g''IT AVl' .a a'J 11.4MWli I' !sage, discolored urine and sediment.Doan's Kidney Pills are preparedespecially for weakened kidneys, kidney backache and urinary disordershave proven their merit in thousands of cases. Doan's are endorsedthroughout the civilized world arerecommended by Paris residents.Chas. Stewart, tinsmith, Lillestonavenue, Paris, says: "I had three orfour attacks of lumbago in the pastfew years, the first being the worst.My back was a dull, constant acheall the time and often sharp, cuttingpains darted through it. Sometimes,I thought I could hardly endure, themisery. Doctors' medicine was of noavail and somehow I got hold ofDoan's Kidney Pills, procuring themfrom the Ardery Drug Co. The firstbox helped me and I continued taking them until cured of the attack.Return spells since then have alwaysbeen slight, and Doan's KidneyPills have never failed to relieve me."Price 50c, at all dealers. Don'tsimnlv ask for a kidney remedy getDoan's Kidney Pills the same thatMr. Stewart had. Poster-MilburnCo., Props., Buffalo, N. Y. (adv)63 Ha E3THEt OCTOBERAMERICAN MAGAZINE. Mary Roberts Rinehart has written a wonderful, inspiring articlecalled "My Creed." for the OctoberAmerican Magazine. She has something to say about the war that willmake you sit up and think. "Dropping the Easy Job and Tackling theTough One" is an article about HenryLr. Doherty, the great public utilityman, which tells how he rose from anewsboy to a multi-millionaire;"How I Advertised Myself Into a Better Job" is a personal story of success; and "Have You a Friend Whois a Lawyer?" is written by ArthurTrain and is filled with sensible advice. "What Booze Did to Me in theTwenties" is a personal confession ofa well-known writer who has stoppeddrinking. The theatrical article isabout and by Fred Stone.Fiction ranks high this month,being by such well known authorsas William Dudley Pelley, DavidGrayson, Hugh S. Fullerton, MabelNelson Thurston, and Edna Ferber."Sid Says: It's the Encores PeopleCall For That Makes Lying Difficult." The Interesting People Department, Family Money, and othermiscellaneous matter is fully up tothe standard.MILLERSBURG4MAPPING THE DESERT.THERE'S a heap of joyin a ton of good coal.Your stove or furnacewon't have much troublefrom extracting comfortfrom a ton of coal if youi buy it from us. Our rapiddelivery will please you.W. C. DODSONSouth Main St.jThe Home of Good CoalIn spite of the march of progressand the spread of the automobile,there are great desert stretches inthe southwestern part of the UnitedStates where travel is still actuallyperilous, ownig to the scarcity ofwater. If the traveler goes astraybeaween two widely separated waterholes, his fate is likely to be an unpleasant one. The United States Geological Survey is preparing to mapall the water-holes of these desertstretches. The maps will show notonly the exact location of the water,but also whether it is permanent orsensonal. Underground waters andtheir approximate depths will beshown as well, and it is thought thatvuc nuia to xu. icau tu tuc urcuius upof the mineral resources of the greatdry lands.Also the rule is that the more pinmoney a woman has the less needle-j work she does.MS Do You Want to SK ImFarmers'yBBBM SMV'HflHvHHHBtBe a Success?The autobiography of everysuccessful man invariably tellshow he earned and saved hisfirst dollar.There's no telling what themorrow will bring forth. Itthe man with the ready cashthat is prepared for a businessopportunity.Isn't it a fact that cash inthe bank gingers you up?Doesn't it give you confidence?See us about an account.Miss Elizabeth Pruitt spent Saturday in Lexington.Mr. Roy Endicott was in Cincinnati on business Thursday and Friday. Miss Lyda Rice, of Hutchison,arrived Friday as the guest of Mrs.M. F. E. Peterson.Mrs. C. L. Vimont left Friday fora ten-days' visit to her sister, Mrs.Will Smith, at Flemingsburg.Mrs. Amanda Mastin has returned after a week's visit to her daughter, Mrs. Robert Wilson, at Newport.Mrs. M. E. Prewitt left Saturdayfor a week's visit to her parents, Mr.and Mrs. Bedell Chanslor, at Stanford. Dr. W. M. Miller has sold hisproperty on Main street, occupied byMrs. Sara Thome and son, to, Mr. G.W. Judy.The M. M. I. will open to-morrow.Some few cadets have already arrived, and when all are in the housewill be full.Mr. and Mrs. W. M. Case, of Centerville, and Mr. and Mrs. N. P. Rice,of Hutchison, were guests of Mr. andMrs. F. E. Peterson, Sunday. 5Mrs. R. E. Caldwell and J. A.Ingels have been accepted and swornin to go to France with the MedicalCorps of Dr. David Barrow, of Lexington.Born, on Wednesday, to the wifeof Clifford Lee, at the home of herfather, Mr. G. W. Clifford, a ten-pound boy.Mr. Arthur Thomason and family returned to their home in Chicago, Saturday, after a two-weeks'visit to his parents, Mr. and Mrs. E.P. Thomason.Dr. W. E. Savage and two littlesons returned to their home in Cincinnati, Saturday, after a visit to hisfather and sister, Mr. T. E. Savage,and Miss Mary Savage.Rev. and Mrs. R. C. Goldsmithhave returned after a few weeks' visitto relatives at Owenton. Rev. Goldsmith also conducted a successfulprotracted meeting at Louisville.Mrs. Ada McClintock and daughter, Miss Ruth McClintockv and Mr.C. R. Jones and family were guestsof Mr. and Mrs. Turner Perry, atOwingsville, Saturday and Sunday.Mr. and Mrs. Bayless DeBell arrived Sunday as the guest of theirdaughter, Mrs. R. M. Caldwell, theoccasion being the sixth birthday oftheir granddaughter, Miss Mary AliceCourtney.Sunday was observed by. theChristian Sunday School at its regular session as "Anna Smith Day."Miss Smith has been an attendant ofthis Sunday School for a number ofyears, and has not missed a Sundayfrom any cause in the past ten years.Mrs. Jennie Letton received aletter some days ago from her son,Mr. John Letton, saying that he hadlanded safely in France, and was inperfect health. The letter was datedAugust 23. He gave no address, bucsaid they will hear from him soonagain.Mrs. Mary Carpenter Conwaydied Thursday at the home of herdaughter, Mrs. Sherrard, at Esbqn,Kansas, after a few days illness.Mrs. Conway was formerly Miss MaryCarpenter, daughter of -Dr. andMrs. Carpenter, and was born nearMillersburg. When quite a youngwoman she was united in marriageto Mr. D. D. Conway, who at thattime was clerk at the Johnson Housethe most prominent hotel in Millersburg. After this Mr. and Mrs. Conway conducted a boarding house inMillersburg for several years. Theylater moved to Cincinnati, wheretKey conducted a boarding house forseveral years. Mr. Conway died several years ago, and was interred inMillersburg cemetery. Early in theirmarried life a daughter was born,Miss Mayme Conway, who is nowMrs. Sherrard, of Esbon, Kansas. After Mrs. Conway gave up her boarding house in Cincinnati, she, with herdaughter, moved to Los Angeles, Cal.After the marriage of her daughtershe went to Esbon, Kansas, where shehas since made her home. Besides herdaughter, Mrs. Sherrard, she is survived by two brothers, Messrs. J. H.Carpenter and S. C. Carpenter. Theremins arrived at Millersburg, Sunday at 12:23 p. m., accompanied byMr. and Mrs. Sherrard. They weretaken to the home of her brother,Mr. S. C. Carpenter, and after a shortfuneral service at 3:30 .p m. by ElderC. O. Cossaboom, at -the Carpenterhome, the remains were laid to restin the Millersburg cemetery.?8i feBOONE HIGHWAY REALIZATIONOF MARET'S VISION.The vision of Col Jim Maret, ofthe little town of Mt. Vernon, whichappeared to that gentleman early inthe year of 1913 is soon to be realized. By the heroic efforts of the little band of good roads men of thistown was placed upon the map agreat highway, the home of Boone in1750, to Kenton, Ohio, a city namedin honor of Simon Kenton, the companion of Boone in the pioneer daysof the settlement of Kentucky.The highway was named in honorof that old frontiersman, and to-day"Boone Way" is known all over ourcountry as being destined to be oneof the leading highways between theNorth and Southeast, and will proveof national importance, and a meccato tourists who will visit the historical places that lin this road fromone end to the ether, especially .inconnection with the life of DanielBoone, and the wild mountain scenery of the Cumberland and Appalachian Mountains will greatly appeal to all who aro ao fortunate asto travel this great highway.The few short gaps that remain inthe Cumberlands are being rapidlygraded and it will be less than sixmonths until we have a completehighway nearly 800, miles in length.The routing is as follows: Beginning at Boone Park and Lexington, jNorth Carolina, passing throughBlowing Rock and Linville, of thesame State, Elk Park and Elizabethtown, Tennessee, Bristol, Gate City,Jonesville and Cumberland Gap,Tennessee, Middlesboro, Corbin, London, Mt. Vernon, Richmond, Booneshoro. WinnTifistfir. Pa.riR. Carlisle.. , ,and Maysville, Kentucky, Aberdeen,Columbus, Marysville to Kenton,Ohio.Col. Maret, President of the BooneWay Association, with headquartersat Mt. Vernon, has lately completedthe list of Boone Way Commissionersin the various counties along the entire line of the highway, whose duties are to keep alive the spirit ofgood roads progress and to see to themarking and placing the official sign,of the highway every quarter of amile along the road from Boone Parkto Kenton. Col. Maet has appointedMr. Swift. Champ, editor of THENEWS a Boone Highway Commission for Bourbon county.One division of this road reachesAsheville and Biltmure, North Carolina, another diverges at Mt. Vernon and runs to Danville, Lexington,Frankfort and Louisville, a point towhich Boone was sent by GovernorDunmore in 1774 to warn a party ofsurveyors of an expected uprising ofthe Indians. Thi entire mileage ofBoone Way covers 1,000 miles.This is not merely a "paper" highway, but an actual, real blown inthe bottle fact, and a very largeportion of the credlc for the successof the outcome of the movement isdue to the newspapers along the linewhich gave substantial encouragement at all times and on all occasions. IS a feELIMINATEYOUR WORRIESHigh cost of living, warm weather andscarcity of labor is a condition where aHOME TELEPHONEin your residence at reasonable rates andcourteous treatment to all would eliminate a good portion of the worries attributed to this cause.Call at our office or telephone 427, 411 or320 and place your order.xParis Home Telephone S Telegraph Go.(Incorporated)J. J. VEATCH,District Manager.W. H. CAliNON,Local Manager.B::ourbon LaundryDWIS & FUNK, Props.Telephone No. 4.West 5 StreetSatisfaction is OurW-chwordWith all the latest improvements in laundryappliances and experthelpers we are preparedto do work inferior tonone, and solicit yourpatronage.Bourbon Laundry,Paris' Kentucky.J)0 YOU KNOW THATMAKING FLOUR OF POTATOES.ir..( A(Philadelphia Record.)Potato drying is a comparativelynew industry on this side; but driedpotato flakes and potato flour areused extensively in Europe, where theflour is utilized in all kinds of bakerygoods. That 1913 Government reportshowed that imports of potato flourwere l(f710,488 pounds. A plant situated in Arlington, Va., is to find at in attt 1rtO $rt oirT4lr 01 "DTif t alnn AnyI J1CYT IULO.HUU OUUXUXJ 0,1. iVUlUClftUUCl ,vvjis. .potato naKes can oe turned almost instantly into mashed potatoesand would be especially welcome inmining camps and in the home of thebusy housewife who can "bring themto a boil and serve." Unseasonabiepotatoes and culls are now almost atotal loss, and these may readily beconverted into potato flour and products. The process of drying consistsin steaming carefully cleaned' potatoes, mashing them and drying themashed' potatoes on revolving steamcylinders.Potato flakes make good food forfarm stock. Horses eat them readily, look better and work better onthat diet.The cost of a breakfast of grapefruit converted into oatmeal withcream and sugar would sustain lifeten times as long.Two boiled eggs for breakfast doyou more good than twelve timestheir cost invested in strawberries.The price of an oyster -cocktailinvested in codfish buys twentytimes as much body food.Mushrooms at 60 cents the portionwould buy ten loaves of bread withforty tinies the nutriment.One glass of buttermilk containsmore food than five glasses of beer.Corn was the steady ration of amillion slaves in Southern Statesprior to the Civil War, and it keptthem in excellent ' physical condition. We would have not only cash buthealth if we ate less.If you .put the 65 cents you wouldpay for a modest amount of asparagus tips into baked beans and baconyou would treat yourself to twentyfive times the life-saving necessity.A dog would starve to death onpeach melbas at 30 cents each.It is not the high cost of living,after all, that should be remedied,but the cost of high living.jNEWSPAPERS TO HELP IN FOODCONSERVATION.m imFOR YOUR SCRAP BOOK.&x Traders' BankWM. Uns,Boo!Ekttr. TTAugust.A mellow month and merry monthLet me make love to you,And follow you around the worldAs knights their ladies do.I thought your sisters beautiful,Both May and April, too,But April she had rainy eyes,And May had eyes of blue.And June I liked the singingOf her lips and liked her smileBut all her songs were promisesOf something after while;And July's, face the lights andshadesThat may not long beguileWith alternations o'er the wheatThe' dreamer at the stile.( Declaring that the campaigns forthe Liberty Loan and the Red Crosswould not have been a success without the assistance of the newspapers,and that the future success of thefood conservation movement depended likewise on ths co-operation fromthe press, F. M. Saokett, foodLadministrator for Kentucky, in calling together a group of Kentucky newspapermen for the purpose of organizing a Committee on Publicity, announced that he v.ould place in thehands of this committee unreservedly all decision regarding the publicity of the campaign in Kentucky. 'xue comminee was organized asfollows: C. E. Segner, chairman;Lewis C. Humphrey, Thomas Wallace,James Keller, S. W. Forgy, -of Ashland; Charles J. Stewart, of Lexington; Ben Cozlne; of helbyville; J. C.Alcock, of Jeffersontown.Mr. Sackett presided at the meeting, which was held at the food conservation headquarters in the Speedbuilding.. The State-wide campaign to belaunched soon, he said, would befully, as important as those for theRed Cross and the Liberty Loan,although no funds would be solicited, the work consisting chiefly in securing pledges and signatures on thefood saving cards which will be distributed in the near future.fe fe 1 .KENTUCKY TRACTION& TERMINAL COMPANYInterurban Schedule.AiCARS LEAVE 7 ,Paris Lexingtonfor forLexington Paris6:45 a. m. 61,00 a. nu7:30 a. m. 7:20 a. m.8:15 a. m. s;oo a. m.9:00 a. m . 8:50 a. nu9;45 a. m. 10:20 a11:15 a. m. 11:50 a12:45 p. m. i:20 p2:15 p. m. , , 2;50 p3:45 p. m. ; 3:30p4:30 p. m. 4:20 p5:15 p. m. 5:oo 96:05 p. m. v 6:00 p-. a6:50! p.m. 7:20 p. x8:16 p. m. 910 pv j..10:0S p. m. ii;oo p. m.Save2ourMIDWINTER SESSION OF PRESSASSOCIATION AT LEXINGTONDon't 6w)BSiyoubrii?tillcTou,come -to it, and then it will be thweto burn bthimd ytu- s ; 2" Many a man mkV woman a rich:huabtttdwhm fc jaakM him a poorWife ,' " Au, V T'But you! Ah you are tropical,Your beauty is so rare!Your eyes are clearer, deeper eyes'Than any anywhere;Mysterious, imperious ' -,; Dtlirtously fair,O, listless Asdalusian maid,ith Daliilfr4.your5feaii?AC -r v iU Jaii :irifcorimiuV ;-Lexington wa3 chosen for hemidwinter meeting of the KentuckyPress Association at a meeting "ofthe executive committee of that organization at Louisville, Friday, andDecember 26-27 set as' the date, withHarry Gioyannoli, executive memberfrom Lexington, chairman of the program committee for the meeting.Jb'or the purpose of uniting allpublishers throughout the State inseveral matters which it is b.elievedwill be generally beneficial and economical, all publishers of dailies,weeklies and semi-weeklies, regardless of their membership in the association, wiHfbe urged to be present at. the meeting.A platf of co-operation alonar Practical business lines will be;wprkedout and 'presented to the newspapermen. Ths .will include the establishment of pne special agency 'to'ren-resent all the weekly0 papers in theforeign advertising field!it is easier to make a mountainout of a mole nUl than 1tis to convince, some; people that they arewron.yyes-JK.kFor distinctive eye glass;service consult us.We use the latest and most-up-to-datemethods of refrabtthe eyes.Give us an early call.W Fit Whtrt, Otters Fair':t'FRYE & FRANKLINDOCTORS OF.ORTOMETRY0w ?., opp. WimlMr IMUlf &iIJiLJqrjfwp V A Httle patrtotia JikwlaJwiWK a littie rirl ii diaoUntpea;avPPoUd;; a; wlwmlittH oan't fthrtW ay 1m; j'l ' "Vm romn,iotHoftraitTrp!33r1. .vTCTBDAT, NOViafcBBtt 1; lfi7.I ) i gssagggiL-The Dangers ofDoverByA SEA SLUG,British Service Name For Crewsof Submarine Chasers.Copyright, 1917, by the Bell Syndicate, Inc.PROLOGUE.The author of this scries of four articles is a young American, who has spentmost )f his time since the war started,with the British patrol fleet.Ee has accumulated a remarkablecollection of anecdotes incident to thisexciting "branch of the service, andmany of these were personal adverttures in which he took part and whichmake one of the stirring narratives tocome out of the war. Ee recently returned to the United States to assist'the American navy in organizing thesame branch of the service.Of course some of his experiences,of military value to the enemy, cannotbe related. At the request of the servicepublication of his name is withheld.sfar as the navy is concerned, thedestroyers are bearing the bruntof this war.Their speed, their shallow draft, theirability to approach like a thief in thenight, smash their enemy and get awayagain make them capable of beingused where a heavier, more powerfulvessel would be valueless.Besides, the loss of a destroyer is asnothing compared to the loss of a battleship or a cruiser.The best opportunity I had to observethe destroyers was at Dover., I atedinner one night in the ward room ofa destroyer of the tribal class. I will-w.. .. v,v.c.wnose guest 1 was, because tuat woulddenote the name of the craft, and theadmiralty would not want it known inview of what happened. '"The worst danger to us," said oneof" these fine fellows, "is the mines.The destroyers are used to a certainextent to search out mine fields, andit is ticklish business.""Yes, and overhauling and searching'neutral' merchant ships is not whatyou'd call a safety firsoccupation,"said another officer."I'd rather tackle a Hun any daythan a 'neutral,' " said the first speaker. "There has been nothing but 'neutral' ships in Dover since the war began, and yet we frequently find German mines laid inside the harbor nearthe entrance.""Those are probably laid by submarines," said some one, "because everyneutral ship that cpmes in and evenall approaching the harbor are carefully examined and thoroughly searched.""Yes, and a lot of good it does. Youremember Commander ? He hadjust searched a neutral merchantman"and was trailing along astern of her.Thought he'd keep her in sight a fewhours, just to set his mind easy. Hewas steaming in her very wake, perhaps half a mile astern, when bang!The Destroyer Sank, Nose Down.a mine blew in his starboard bow, andonly the men who were on deck at thetime got away before the destroyersank nose down."They had invited me to make a runwith them. I had an admiralty pass,and I could have done so would havedone it the next morning, in fact except that unexpectedly I was calledupon to make a test trip with somemodified U boat chasers, and I had tocall it off. Later I wanted to decoratethat U boat chaser which kept mehome with the Victoria cross. It savedmy life.I finished my work the next day byabout 4 o'clock in the afternoon. As Iwas walking toward the destroyerbasin I met a naval constructor, whosaid:"One of the destroyers bumped amine this morning. "Want to go downand see what it does to tliem?"The Narrow Escape.I was interested to see the effect ofthe explosion and told him so. All deitroyers of a certain class look practically alike, and I didn't notice whatboat' it was 'as I went on board theMattered hulk that was lying cantedway over to one side with her sternall crumpled and sagging as though herback had been broken. It looked aluiost as if it were going to dropoff.They hit it just abreast of the wardf 1r.ifioii the starboard side;" said my I singed sum. i couia smeii it Burning, rue jjrass nat. jxs umy uc uau. naa. ."" .. . . " i .. i. t5"1- .ti . i .!. . K., 4- 1 ! mt- ttTTnViw wYia livstlr 4 ir. Yb .1 Tlnri Vilrllr thaA aaTUrl JYx1n .guide. "At least taac s wneriue uuxu a" -""- "v, TO ...-. Vjl , - jj;?-,, ? .wViior cue" explosion deems ''to have caughther." ?We stooped low in order to getthrough the twisted; fallen steel archof tne doorway. I have never seen sohorrible a sight as the ward room. Outof the battered, splattered mess therestared a face that told me for the firsttime it was the vessel on which I hadeaten dinner the night before.For the most part the men withwhom I had chatted and been friendlyj were ,uut jcecujjmzauie. rue room naanot been cleaned up as yet, and, besidesthe horror of it, it made me physicallysick. It is no wonder that the Britishnavy damns the "neutral."There is no question at all but thatships under' neutral flags sow mines.On this particular occasion it was aThursday five of the six mines which, were placed almost every Wednesdayhad been found and picked up. Thatsixth mine was time and again thecause of a tragedy.Well, every single officer, with theexception of the navigating officer, who! Went Spinning Off the Bridge Likea Catapult.had been on the bridge, was in theward room when the explosion came,and not one of them survived. Itwould be useless to describe the appearance of that room. The living,breathiftg human beings who had filledit the night before with laughter andcourage and hope were one shapelessmass part of the twisted, broken steel.Anrl fhT novor hurt n chnnco trfight. Death -came to them withoutP'warning and without giving them the ' experience. What he knew about navi. i, ,. i, . n. . gation and the king's regulations coulda blow for JBritain in the going. But 'that is part of war as it is fought today. I went up to the hospital to see thenavigating officer, and, swathed inbandages and suffering from terribleburns, he told me all he knew of whathad happened. '"We were running along at fairspeed," he said, "with most of the crewon deck and watching out sharp, for Iknew that sixth mine hadn't been picked up, and it's pretty safe to count onsix being laid here every Wednesday.The rest of the officers were below,poor chaps! Not one of them left, theytell me.Thrown Into the Sea."I was swinging her round, which Iguess is what brought her stern quarter on the mine. I thought a thunder.clap had detonated right under my feet.I went spinning off the bridge like acatapult. I don't pretend even to knowwhether I was conscious as I hurtledthrough the air, but the shock of thecold water brought me to. I was someyards from the destroyer and startedto swim toward her. I could see someof the men lying on the deck, otherscrawling up the companionways andJsome crawling about on the deck. Avery rew were standing on tneir ieecand doing the best they could to help,the others."There wasn't an officer in sight, andI knew then th6y must all have beenkilled or at least knocked unconscious."My leg hurt me so that I could! scarcelv move it, but I kept on struggling. The water tasted oily, and Icould make out that oil was escapingfrom the destroyer and spreading allover'the surface of the sea, which wasas calm as if it were a mirror."Suddenly there was a flash. A little tongue of flame darted out of theentrails of the wounded destroyer andran a short way over the surface of .theoily patch, then died. Presently cameanother tongue. Then half a dozenbegan to lick. A , dozen! Twenty!Great God, there were a thousand,and they were licking the surface ofthe water as though a thousand hellcats were lapping a giant bowl offiendish milk."They "ran toward me, and I mayhave screamed. If I didn't it was because I was too scared. I struck outaway from the destroyer. The tonguesran toward me faster than I couldswim, then seemed to curl back uponthemselves, but only to dart out oncemore, and each time they darted nearer, to me."If only I could get beyond that oil.The sun glimmered in rainbow colorson its surface, but the only thing itmeant to me was I was still in it.The smell of it in my nostrils and thetaste of it in my mouth so terrified myimagination that I could feel the piercing pain of burns already."I envied the men who had beensmashed to jelly quickly in the wardroom."At last the flames were upon me.I felt them on my neck. I dove andilrove niysoif forward under the wa- Itor, bn- whenI Came up my hair was Afield, you youngHK BOURBON Nf"F- V "i, v' ' ' " fnappened. iVam here-ffthat is 'all Iknow. . ' - ,I found out what had happened aftermy friend lost consciousness. Heknows by now and has done whateveris in his power to do for the man whosaved him.Leaped Into Burning Oil.One of the matloes (sailors) who hadbeen on deck saw the officer just as theflames were reaching him. The verysea around the destroyer ' seemed onfire. It meant almost certain death toleap in It, but the matloe leaped.He swam under water as far as hecould. When he came up the flameslicked around him. He filled his lungswith stifling, burning hot air and doveagain. Bit by bit he reached the officer, who had apparently lost all consciousness, although he still was struggling feebly just enough to keep himafloat, but rapidly weakening.When once he had his arm under theofficer's shoulder the rescuer could nolonger dive and he had to swim slowly, supporting his heavy burden withstreaks of flame shooting all round himand lapping him. It would have beeneasy for him to drop his burden andmake the best of his own way to safety, but he would not do it.Although the officer could not remember it, he must have come to once,for he ordered the sailor to leave "himand shift for himself, but the bravefellow would not do it.Seeing that It would be easier toswim away from the destroyer beyondthe fire zone, he did so instead of trying to get back to the vessel.Other craft had been alarmed by thesound of the explosion and had seenthe smoke and flames and were standing up full speed. They picked the twomen up in the nick of time, for thematloe lost consciousness before they,had hauled him into the small boatwhich put off from one of the patrols.That's the type of men they get hithe navy. This matloe was just an ordinary enlisted man. He would havebeen expected to do his duty even inthe face of almost certain death, buthe wris ready and did more than hisduty in saving his superior.And yet a party of British sailorswho landed after the Jutland battlei were mobbed and several persons were1 hurt because the people thought 'theBritish had lost from the first reports' received.I , ' Over a Mine Field.! It wasn't long after this experienceof the destroyer with the mine that Iwent on a run in an M. L. (motorlaunch for submarine chasing) fromDover. The subaltern in command ofthe boat was as nervy as the best offlinm l-n- lirk lin!i'- linfl TYlloll 11 0 11 ft rC1 1,c "'" .gationhave been engraved on the face of adime. As we were running back intothe harbor they fbegan signaling usfrom shore. The subaltern looked atthe signals through his glasses, lookedin the book, grunted and went blissfully ahead. I rather felt at the timethat he didn't know what the signalsmeant just from the sort of self conscious way in which he put his glassesdown. Of course i did not know theBritish code.Those fellows hate to let on they arestumped. They'll race neck and neckwith death rather than let it be knownthey lack any of the qualifications.A moment later the signal flags werehauled down and run up again. Weheld our course, and the flags werelowered and raised several times, as iftrying to attract our attention to themon shore.Presently a man began wigwaggingfrantically, while the flag signals were"To pickup the pieces ofblithering idiot!"you, youstill at the masthead. Then a -gunboomed."What in the deuce is all the rowY'inquired our sub innocently. JRight on we blazed our way, withoutchanging our course a hair, and beforewe were "well into the harbor a wholeswarm of M. L.'s and other craft cameswooping down on us."What you got the navy, with youfor?" asked "our sub through the mega-,phone when he was within speaking jdistance of the leading craft."To pick up the pieces of you, you Jblithering idiot!" said the Brass Hat !In command. "Run alongside here for .orders." !We ran alongside, and if orders tis ,what" our smart young sub got I don't jwajnt any. ' .l"STou've just come over a new minenumskull!", roaredPAM8,KY.yoti from -bemg blowVfbJghSrthiUi' ttJV rkite. You g9 'ashore: Didn't you seethose signals?" ,"Yes, sir," said the sub.Well, you go ashore, and don't youget within fifty yards of the wateragain till you know the book and canread signals backward and upsidedown. The navy wouldn't lose muchin you, but you've got a few men 011board with you that we'd like to keep."And as the Brass Hat chug-chuggedaway in his launch there was indignation in the lines of the very boat itself."What's all the bally row about signals?" said our sub in a grieved toneof. voice. "We're here all right, aren'twe? I say!"He had been about as near death ashe will come before he actually goesoyer, but that was all he had to sayabout it. I know I was pale. I feltit. And my knees had a tendency todrum against each other.Always Exciting at Dover.I think the average person could getexcitement enough during a short stayin Dover to last almost a lifetime.There is almost always something doing at sea, ashcjre or in the air. Youcan hear the big guns in Belgium andFrance on a still day.One morning I was talking withsome acquaintances on the paradegrounds.Some one shouted, "Aeroplanes!"Everybody's head went back, and alleyes began to stare into the sky. Sur?enough, there were a number of them,It Is Splendid Flying Magnificent.so -high they were little more thanspecks. Out of the hangars on thecliffs our own planes began to be run.The anti-aircraft uns Archies theycall" them in England began to bark.But bark was all they did, for wecould' see the shrapnel burst way shortof the enemy fliers.The British were quick in getting up,but the planes were so high that theyhad passed over us before our boyswere close enough to do them anydamage. We had mostly heavy hydroplanes at that time, not speedy enoughtto keep up with the swift German warmachines.Presently there was another cry.Two more machines had been spotted.They were flying low."Must be a -couple of our own," sayssome one."No, they're Boches, all right," reports an officer with .glasses.They must be traveling about 100miles an hour. One swerves out overthe harbor. Something shoots out frombeneath it. There is the roar of anexplosion. A bomb has burst fortyyards or so from a destroyer lying atanchor.Anti-aircraft guns begin sprinklingshrapnel aond the plane which isout over the harbor. It is almost closeenough now for machine guns. Several begin to drum. The aeroplane itself is using a machine gun againstthe destroyers. It swoops down."Must be hit," says a man at myelbow.Attacks' the Destroyers.It does seem so, for the plane is careening straight for the wireless mastof another destroyer,' just skimmingthe -water. It is splendid flying magnificent. VWith machine gun spitting the pilotshoots gracefully upward, just clearingthe wireless mast and spraying lead allover the deck of the vessel. Then hesweeps on over the shore in the direction his fellows had gone.''They'll get" begins the man atmy elbow, but whatever else he wasgoing to say was lost in a roar thatshook the earth we stood on.We turn round and gape at a jaggedpit which has been blown in the parade ground too close to us to be comfortable. In our interest in the aeroplane fight with the destroyer we hadforgotten the one which circled overthe bluffs.The people of Dover must be accustomed to such raids, for there is no excitement, no scurrying for protection.Every one now turns his attention tothe second plane. Straight over thetown it flies. There is another roarrather a muffled one. It has reducedto dust and splinters several rooms inthe 'hotel, including the suit de luxe.One more crash before the Boche becomes a speck hi the distance Thistime the bomb leaves a hole in thepaved street where before there' hadbeen a cart and horse.One by one our planes returned without having caught the enemy. One fellow, the fastest of, them all, was outuntil 4 o'clock that evening, but henot oeeu a me to overtake tne"C -"-.. -Kentucky's45th Fall MeetingSCNSATIONAIMONDAY, OCTOBER 1.The Walnut Hall Cup, 2:11 Trotting. .$ 3,000The Futurity (2-year-olds) 5,0002:07 Class, racing 1.0002:14 Class, Pacing: '. 1.000TUESDAY, OCTOBER 2.Kentucky Futurity, 3-year-olds $14,0002:06 Class. Trotting: 1,2002:15 Class, Trotting: ..l 1,0002:04 Class, Facing: 1,000WEDNESDAY, OCTOBER 3.Phoenix Hotel, Free-for-all, Pacing:. .$ 1,5002:18 Class, Trotting: 1,0002:11 Class, Trotting: 1,0002:09 Class, Pacing: 1,000THURSDAY, OCTOBER 4.The Transylvania, 2:07 Trotting: $5,0002:09 Class, Trotting: 1,0002:21 Class, Trotting 1,0002:12 Class, Pacing: 1,000FRIDAY, OCTOBER B.The Blue Grass, 2:09 Pacing: $ 2,000The Lexington (2-year-old trotters).. 2,0002:13 Class, Trotting: 1,0002:10 Class, Facing: 1,000.gjgf A Wk I k I 1 III I I H cm IThe Royal Scotch HighlandersIn Daily Concerts"REDUCED RAILROAD RATES'T, W, SPICERINatural Gas FittingPlumbing and HeatingA Full Line of Gas Stoves andRangesPut in Your Stoves Now Before the FallRushMain Street, Opposite Court HouseBOTH PHONESA MAN AND HIS WIFEP fW j- I fej JsLEVY, THE DRY CLEANERCumberland Phone 40 . Home Phone 169 2G. W. DAVISFuneral DirectorCorner Fifth and Pleasant Streets, Paris, Ky.3Day Phones 137 Night Phones 299 or 999Automobile Ambulance' Automobile HearseUndertakingOur Winton-Six Automobile Ambulance with Johnson &Johnson First Aid Equipment and the Lungmotor. (recentlysecured by us at great expense) a resuscitating device forthose apparently dead from drowning, gas poisoning, electric'shock, collapse from anaesthasia, etc., always ready for service; DAY OR NIGHT. Phone us immediately when anaccident occurs.Of course it may be all right fordairymen, to raise the price of milkon account of dry weathery but thereis always enough rain. to -water themilk.GAHAL BROS.BARBER SHOPPrompt andCourteousPatrons.Attention toEOT AHD COLD BATHS, vFACTGreat TtetiOct. 1 to 13, 1917RACING EVERY DAVSATURDAY, OCTOBER f.The Kentucky (3-year-old trotters).. $ 2,MSBreeders Stakes (2-year-olds) 9M2:17 Class, TrottiHjr .' ... l,tt2:08 Class, Pacing: .,......... 1,SSMONDAY, OCTOBER .The Castletoa, Free-for-all, Trettlas.f 2,tMChampion Futurity (4-year-olds).... S.9992:14 Class, Trotting: Lift2:06 Class, Pacing: : l.SSSTUESDAY, OCTOBER .The Cumberland, 2:05 Pacing: ..$ 3.MSDinner Stakes (3-year-olds) ! S,MS2:08 Class, Trotting: l.ttt2:15 Class, Pacing: l,StWEDNESDAY, OCTOBER It. ,The Ashland, 2:18 Trotting: $ ,Pacing: Futurity (3-year-elds) ....... tSSThe Board of Commerce, Pacing: l,ftTwo-Year-Old Trotters 1,SSTHURSDAY, OCTOBER 11.2:12 Class, Trotting: S l.SSS2:20 Class, Trotting l.iSS2:10 Class, Pacing ffThree-Year-Old Trotters -- l,ti-FRIDAY AND SATURDAY, OCTOBER ,1AND 13 RESERVED.may both derive satisfactionby having their worn and soiled -garmentscleaned by us. Theco3t is nominal, while the pie asure of wearing old' clothes thathave the appearance of new, inconjunction with the knowledgethat you are effecting a greatving, mast surely satisfy you. .A phone brings U3.m iProfessional Cards.DR.WM. KENNEYEye, Ear, Nose and Throat.ROOMS, 403-404.FIRST NATL BANK BUILDING.' rPHONE 131. s ' ';WM. GRANlNAlSfAttorney-at-Laww?-JetROOMS 401-402.' ,, V " 1si.t'.s::-.L:. jx:a i .:, iv"ti riu N ihwwiimf.vmei-!!i I!!mWJlr(J-1ill-3. JK-.v.wft'fcJ?48-.-i-K.r J. i'v- '.y, ,,.-." ... . ' T" r . " . r- .fi "mit.PAGE EIGHTiTHE BOUKBON MEWS, PARIS, KY.9JKComingAttractionsPARIS GRAND AND ALAMO'TUESDAYCarlyle Blackwell andJessie Elvidge in"The PageMystery"Wm. A. Brady Worldfeature.Wm. Duncan- in thesecond episode of"The Fighting Trail"Also Mutual WeeklyNews.WEDNESDAY.Vivian Martin ana Jack Pickford in"The Girl at Home"by Beulah Morie Dix. A Lasky Paramount Picture. Burton Holmes'Travel Pictures.THURSDAY.Elmo Lincoln in Triangle FineArts featureaMight and the Man"Also Popular Players in "A Dishonest Burglar."' Triangle comedy.Alamo afternoon and night.Hours Alamo, 2 to 5:30; Paris Grand,. 7 to 1 0:30, Admission 5 and 1 0c.RELIGIOUS.DEATHS.tfONES.The one-year-old childand Mrs. Cleveland Jonesof Mr.died atOn account of the serious illnessof his wife Rev. J. J. Dickey was unable to assume his new charge aspastor or tne cnurcn at tfast Mays- the home of his parents near Jackville. Rev. Dickey filled his pulpit ' sonville, and was buried in theat the Hutchison Chapel, Sunday J Jacksonville cemetery. The child isjmorning and evening. survived by his parents and one sis-Tne salvation Army m the Unit-; ter,ed States has started a campaignthroughout the nation for the raising of a fund through free-will giftsof $100,000. The money wifl be usedin purchasing and equipping twentythree automobile ambulances for seryice with the American troops inFranceSISTER EUPHRASIA.Sister Euphrasia, founder, andfor nearly forty years the greatly beloved Superior of St. Joseph's Hospital, Lexington, is dead.Paris and Bourbon county ;lllftRa nf tnA Mp7arofTl nf nfpeople will be solicited by represen- the gIstera Qf Charity. Nazareth.,Ky., at 2:30 o'clock Saturday morn' ing, according to a telephone messageReceived by the hospital authoritiesin Lexington.tatives from the Lexington branch ofthe organization.Revival services began at theChristian church, in Mt. Sterling,Sunday. Rev. Mark Collis, of Lexington, is conducting the services,The funeral was held at Naza-l-ffh nf in n'nlnnlr Qoturloir mnrnitin-assisted by the pastor, Eld. Clyde "B 7 7 """"r rn !,,,. ' "- .and svas Private, owmg to her ex-The choir is under the di-iDarsierection of Mr. A. L. Boatright,chorister of the Paris Christianchurch.The Mt. Sterling Sentinel-Democratpays this tribute to Mr. Boatright, which is an eminently justone in every respect:, "The song leader will be A. L.Boatright, of. Pans, "Ky. While astranger here, Mr. Boatright is wellknown as a musician throughout theState. For years he has been ateacher of music and choir director.He has led the congregational singing in several State conventions. Heis a splendid soloist, with a tenorvoice of rare sweetness and feeling."fa E3 TSnrPCCSOil TiricVi morlo Viofnro clia laft(1w .., UiUUV, Wi-WlV. one 1C11Lexington and repeated since. Masseswere held in Lexington for her.She was laid to rest by the side of hersister, who was Miss Mary Stafford,at Nazareth.In November, 1014, Sister Euphrasia celebrated hei golden jubilee,and was the recipient of many honors. At the close of the Civil Warshe was connected with St. Joseph'sInfirmary at Louisville, and had alsobeen interested in Sts Mary and Elizabeth Hospitals in Lexington.PARISIAN BURGLARIZED.Burglars entered the home of Mr.Reuben Ford Offutt, in Georgetown,Puiday night, while he and M,rs.Offutt were attending the State Fair.Getting into the room where Mrs.Offutt's son-in-law, Mr. Will Kenney Ferguson, of Paris, and Mrs.Ferguson, Were asleep, they secured$35 and a gold chain from Mr. Fer, guson's trousers pockets. The policeare working on the case, but withlittle chance of success, as the visitors" left no clue.s taSomehow a compliment is pleasingto a woman even when she knows itisn't sincere.m m I1 lCE5tiD ')I Our SpecialFor This Week OnlyLACY.Mrs. Sophia M. Lacy, an agedand respected woman of Covington,died at her home in that city lastweek, after a protracted illness of1 dropsy.Mrs. Lacy was the mother of Mr.Alex Mellinger, proprietor of theRichmond Hotel, in Richmond, foimerly an L. & N. engineer who,with his family, resided in theThornton Division, in Paris. Shewas twice married, and leaves, besides Mr. Mellinger, six daughters.QTifk "xrrte QTrrt'ii mATYiln aP 4- rPresbyterian church, and was asplendid woman. Mr. Mellinger'sdaughter, Miss Edith Meninges andhis sister, Mrs. Charles Wiedemann,who had been spending the summerin Colorado Springs, were calledhome on account of the illness ofMrs. Lacey, but she died before theyarrived in Covington.Funeral services were held at thei-deceased's residence, . on Greenupstreet, in Covington, conducted byRev. Hugh Luht, pastor of the FirstPresbyterian church, with burial inthe Eergreen Cemetery.Mr. Mellinger v as the only son ofthe family, and to him the sympathyof those in Paris, who knew him wellis extended in the sad and irreparable loss he has sustained the loss ofhis best friend his mother,.. $n . ' 3& 1SCENTEDper cake..-4 .Per Boxof 3 cakesPears' Imported iTransparentGlycerine Soapat the following prices25c60cUNSCENTEDper calcePer Boxof 12 cakes.15c.$1,60Set Window Display! BROOKS & SNAPPDRUG COMPANYThe Penslar Store.1 1 n 1 1 1 1 h 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 n i h nBISHOP,The body of Mrs. Ben Bishop,aged forty-eight, who died at thehome of her uncle, Mr. James J. Curtis, on Tenth street, at four o'clockSaturday morning, was taken to Cincinnatl, Sunday jmorning, accompanied by the bereaved husband andother relatives. From Cincinnati thebody was taken to her old home inMorenci, Michigan, for burial.Mrs. Bishop's death was due tosepticema, induced by a carbuncle onthe back of her neck, which refusedto yield to treatment. She had beenill for some time, but it was notthought the trouble would assume afatal turn.Mrs. Bishop was the wife of Mr.Ben Bishop, a former member of theParis police force, and now in chargeof an engine in 'the Louisville &Nashville roundhouse in the South.Paris yards. She was a niece of Mr.James J. Curtis, and came here fromCincinnati several years ago to makeher honie with Mr. and Mrs. Curtis.After her marriage to Mr. Bishop,they went to Port Arthur, Texas,where they resided until about twomonths ago, when Mr. Bishop tookhis present position. (Besides her husband, Mrs. Bishop ,is survived by relatives in Cincinnati !and Cleveland, O., aid her parents.Mr. and Mrs. John Troeger, ofMorenci, Michigan.DISTRICT BOARD JtETURJTS LISTOESECOHDOTOTA.Continued from Pace 1.)10) 337 Samuel Biddle, EighthStreet, Paris.13) 509 Clarence Tutter, Sycamore Street, Paris.24) 784 Clarence Henderson, R.v D. 1, Paris.29) 373 William Huff, SingerStreet, Paris.53) 1045 M. C. Meymon, Clin-tonville.54) 1G31 Gu., Hickland, Clinton-ville.58) 1323 John Hampton, Paris.12) 275 James Arthur Ellis,High Street, Paris.18) 1267--Thurman Jones, R. D.6, Paris.31) 775 Charles Howard Day,R. D. 2, Paris.33) 692 Allie Carr, Paris.42) 43 Harry Barlow, TenthStreet, Paris.44) 1066 Homer Snapp, Clinton-ville.45) 924 William Smithe, R. D.1, Paris.420 William Small, Paris.1014 Jim Coke, Escondida.46)47)55)60)64)1331 Smith Hall, Paris.140 Frank H.Parker.Paris.18 Joseph G. Mitchell,Duncan Ave., Paris.65) 652 John Wesley Taylor,Millersburg.67) 1484 Ernest Kiser, R. D. 6,Paris.72) 1103 Charley Morris, Locust76) 513 Roy Watts, (col)Lyles-villes, Paris.97) 1099 Raymond Myers, (col)Locust Street, Paris.86) '772 Theodore Carter, R. D.2, Paris.87) 1456 Joe Baker, (col) Paris.93) 1292 Clayton Bowser Rena-ker, R. D. 7, Paris.108) 1294 Mose Buford Sparks,t t u Paris110) 1354 Mill White, Paris.111) 343 Charles Roscoe Bland,Seventh Street, Paris.114) 15 Wm. Allen Huddleston, Stoner Ave., Paris.128) 1334 Walter Jones, Paris.i35) 882 Lawrence RaymerJones, R. D. 1, Paris.138) 1509 Teddy Shannon, R. D.4, Paris.143) 183 Ghent B.Wilson, TenthStreet, Paris.147) 5 Chas. Bingly Dickerson,NERVY CHAPtSELLS HORSE TOFORMER POHCEMAJT '.mfemA young white boy giving hisname as James Smith and home anywhere, was arrested in Winchester,Saturday afternoon and placed in jailon a charge of attempting to "disposeof stolen property.When placed under arrest Smithwas attempting to dispose of a horseand buggy to former policeman JohnBallard and John Adams, both ofWinchester. The men became suspicious and called the police, who tookhim to jail.Smith first priced the horse aridbuggy and harness to the men for$185, and then sold it to them laterfor $60. After his arrest he confessed that it was not his horse andbuggy, and stated that he came to iParis on the morning train from Cincinnati and hired the horse and buggy from a livery stable, and drove toWinchester. He did not rememberthe name of the liveryman who hiredhim the outfit.Inquiry o Paris liverymen did notdivulge any knowledge of Smith or ihis actions. He is being detained inthe Clark county jail pending further investigation of his case.IS fe feSEE GREAT HORSES.i 1 1 ti i mm i r 1 1 1 n 1 1 1 ii m m 1 1 hmt 1 1 f n 1 1 n h i i u iTOolf, 10 ile & Co.Ccxington, KentuckyaiThis Week a Superb Display of;; 'New'AutumnMillineryrrtPPipip4pp4pFMPipipEvery great trotter and pacer inactive training will be seen at Amer-1ica's greatest trotting meeting atLexington, October 1 to 13. As thetrack is the best in the world, records will probably be lowered. Reduced rates on railroads.Big SpecialFor SaturdayPure Pork Sausage 30c149)Pork Chops.Pork Roast.Best Steak.,Rib Roast..!Pleasant Street, Paris54 John Collier, Vine St.,Paris.156) 1054 Henry Cornelius Roe,, Escondida.157) 1275 Nathan B. Linville, R.D. 6, Paris.166) 1141 George Mitchell, (col)Chilesburg.167) 1314 Isaiah Downey, (col)Paris.168) 1016 Adam Dudley, (col)Clintonville.169) 235 Dennis Allen, (col)Marshall Street, Paris.170) 1430 Perry Thomas, (col)R. D. 5, Paris.177) 391 Will Letton, (col) Williams Street, Paris.190) 112 Jesse Masden, TenthStreet, Paris.198) 1287 Dempsie Carl Poe, R.D. 7, Paris.199) 1142 Ulysses G. Munday, R.D. 8, Paris.201 327 Richard Herndon Waller, Main Street, Paris.202) 664 Robert Lee Blevins,Sharpsburg.204) 1448 Joseph Bell, R. D. 6,Pfl.ris205) 657 Will ' Fields, (col)Jackson Street, Paris.216) 717 John Hall, (col) Carlisle. 219) 1073 William Henry Wilson,R. D. L-Paris.228) 25 Martin Turner, Washington Street, Paris.229) 392 George E. Letton, Marshall Street, Paris.231) 383 Wm. H. Johnson, Sev-7 enth Street, Paris.232) 3 3 66 Madison Breeze, Paris.234) 856 Garrett Evans, NorthMiddletown.246 1250 Robert Givens, R. D.7, Paris.250) 736 Charley Clay Prather,Carlisle.255) 13 01 Henry Myers, LocustStreet, Paris.257) 974 Strawder Prewitt.Paris267) 1070 Clark W. Thomas, Clintonville.268) 738 Wm. Harrison Prather,272) 1234 Leo 'chinn, R. D. 7,Cynthiana.275) 1118 Will Barton, Hutchison277) 221 Franklin Johnson.HighStreet, Paris.279) 1474 Wyatt Green, Paris.251) 707 Louis Grinney, R. D. 1 ,Carlisle. '281) 292 Yung Hays Harrison,Mam Street, Paris.282) 822 James Elgin Williams,R. D. 3, Paris.286) 1510 Elmer Shumate, Paris.287) 1091 William Hogue, Jr.,Fourteenth St., Paris.294) 477 John Q. Kellis, Lyles-ville.298) 130 Walter L. McPherson,Harmon Street, Paris.302) 424 Julius Talbdtt, Paton,Street, Paris.304) 1347 David Patrick, Paris.305) 1511-Frank Screetch, R.D. !2, Paris. I332) 1464 Robert Coleman, Paris.304) ,340 Charlie Nichols, Paris.345) 963 Charlie Howard, Jackson Street, Paris.361) 1049 Wm. Horace Mitchell,Lylesville, Paris.362) 1442 Woodford Blankenship,R. D. 6, Paris.369) 349 Robert Ernest Crombie,Eighth Street, Paris.369) 501 Will Stanley, Newtown, Paris. r '375) 8 6 Robt. L. Hughes, Pleas-393) 43 5 William Williams, Connelly Street, Paris. IDISTRICT BOARD EASTERN DIS-'TRICT OF KENTUCKY.WALTER PRICHARD, Chairman. -H.T. SOAPER, Secretary.Of the above named young men,seven have reported on the tfrst calland are now in trainingZachary Taylor, nea? Louisville.Chuck SteakCountry Bacon .LardPicnic HamsBreakfast Bacon30c30c25c20cj20c30c25c25c40cMflRGOLEN'SSanitary Meat MarketJHave you a tender spot in your heart for atiny, chic little bonnet with just a wee bitof ribbon trimming, or do you lean towarda large picturesque sailor, or toward adainty poke?It matters nof what the bent of your milliner taste may be, you will find your ideal,in all its richest interpretations, awaitingyou in our Millinery department.$5, $10, $15X$511 "H"t''I"M"I'4"X"I"i''Ii'I'if H"H"I"H!i.H.iHi..li.i...n..fiillMl.t..x..,lui g nfeWOLF, WILE & CO.LEXINGTON, KY.52NEWFALL FOOTWEAR!y- IV IX aThe Largest and Finest Selection ofSTYLISH, HIGH GRADEMen's, Women's and Children's iFALL SHOES iAT LOWEST PRICES! IVisit our. store, see what is correct in style, notice thequality and the comparatively low prices and be convinced 1nf fhf ereat savihsrs we offer tr nur nat-i-nnc "! Final Clearance SaleonBalance of Low ShoesTwo and Three Pairs for the Former Price of One.BOYS' AND GIRLS'SCHOOL SHOESAt Great Bargain PricesDAN COHENThZ f?ris' Greatest ShoeStpre Where Beauty, anrf Economy 'ReigniuMMi.... i .:. w xVx' -ii 81A,'-.f-A-vxl..''r