tm "-,- . jjll4-" r--t- -r .-r ij- " '. Lk-v ,:- - iA'THE4P-PUBLISHED EVERY TUESDAY AND FRIDAY IN THE YEAR.s'WVOLUME XXXVIIPARIS, BOURBON COUNTY, KENTUCKY, FRIDAY, JULY 20, 1917r -r .rBOURBONNEWSBRANCH OF W. C. OF TJ. S. COUNCIL OF DEFENSE HEREA branch" of the Woman's Committe of the United States Council ofNational Defense was organized herelast week, at the home of Miss LucySimms, in compliance with the request of Mrs. Helm Bruce, StateChairman of Kentucky.The National organization, ofwhich Dr. Anna Howard Shaw isChairman, with headquarters at"Washington, D. C, has for its principal object the conservation of food,and acts in co-operation with Herbert Hoover. Food Administrator ofthe United States.Besides Dr. Shaw, such distingushed women as Mrs. Carrie Chapman,Catt, of New York, Mrs. Stanley McCormick, of Boston, Mrs. Philip N.Moore, of St. Louis, Miss Ida M. Trabell. of New York, and others, areat the head of the movement, andare appointing a representative ineach State, and these in turn arenaming representatives in each townand city.The Paris branch is composed ofrepresentatives from, the variouslocal organizations literary, civic,religious, philanthropic and patrioticand all who were at the meetinggave enthusiastic response to the appeal for aid in carrying out the workwhich the country has laid upon thewomen, who can render the best warservice in their own homes by helping to solve the food problem, andby demonstrating that "Kitchen efficiency is practical patriotism."The officers of the new organization are as follows: President, Mrs.Fanniebelle Sutherland; vice-president,Mrs. William G-. Talbott; secretary, Miss Lucy Blythe Simms;Treasurer, Mrs. James Duncan Bell.One thousand cards will be distributed among the women of thecounty, asking them to accept membership in the food administration,and to pledge themselves to carryout directions and advice in household economics. These cards are tobe signed and returned to Mr. Hoover,who wishes to have as members all ofthose actually handling food in the"home.No fees or dues are to be paid, andthe full co-operation of Bourboncounay women is asked and expected.IS is PaSEMI-MONTHLY MF.ETTNG OF THEGIRLS' HONOR GUARD. .Miss Elizabeth Steele, president ofthe Girls' Honor Guard, presidedWednesday afternoon at the regularsemi-annual meeting vof that organization, held in the court house. Theattendance wasgoQdyithe. young ladies manifesting unuawSSmrterest-inthe proceedings.Miss Katherine McCann, of Lexington. State Organizer, was presenthy invitation, and delivered an interesting talk to the members alonglines of work which they will take upin the fufure. Miss McCann isthoroughly informed and is an interesting sneaker, being full of enthusiasm in her work.A committee appointed at a recentmeeting to ascertain the number ofilliterates among the military registrants of Bourbon county, reported153 between the ages of twenty-oneand thirty-one, of whom eighty-sixare whites, and sixty-seven are negroes. Members of the Girls HonorGuard will leave on July 30 for theY. W. C. A. sojourn at the Y. M. C.A. Camp, Camp Daniel Boone, at Valley View, on the Kentucky River.The girls have secured the use of theCamp and its privileges for twoweeks. It is expected nearly the entire membership will make the trip.li "Ra IsREFRIGERATORS AT 20 PERCENT OFF.During the balance of July we aregoing to give our customers the benefit of a 20 per cent, discount on allKitchen Cabinets and Oil Stoves.This is a big saving and a rarechance for those who will take advantage of this liberal offer. Cometo-day and get the pick.(It) A. F. WHEELER & CO.B 13S TSBLACKBERRIES AT ALMOST PROHIBITIVE PRICES.It will be almost an impossibility,at least a financial strain for the average Paris housekeeper to get blackberries at present prices.' The berrieswere quoted on the local market yesterday at ninety cents a bucket, andsome coming in early yesterday morning in huckster wagons from Nicholas county were quoted at one dollar per bucket.A Paris man who wanted some berries for preserving stated to THENEWS that an effort would be madeto break the "bear" market on berries by -a Clay City dealer, who willbe here Tuesday with a large stockof blackberries which he proposes toretail at "living prices" somewherebetween forty and sixty cents. TheberriesVill be brought in fresh picked, transported in auto trucks, according to our informant.tS IS ISRACK FROM CAMP.Mr. and Mrs. M. J. Lavin, Mr. Albert Lavin and Miss Julia Lavin havereturned from Ft. Benj. Harrison,near Indianapolis, where they visitedMr. Lawrence Lavin, who is a member of the Officers' Reserve Corps, atthat Camp. They report the Bourbon county boys as hale, hearty andhappy, and are getting along finelywith their Camp duties and instructors ,r ,On their return Mr. and Mrs. Lavmand children came through the territory devastated by the big hail stormof last week, and report the destruc7tionas being almost appalling in its' xtt amd cbarapUr. . ,KEHOT ATECASTEEYDESTE?inlinCH- KEHTOUg8ra?8E DEMOCKAIICCOTTKEEACH-XiO nxrxi,&rj$Lii j. vvi U-cJcluXiilD.The State of Kentucky sent toRED CROSS $400,368.official reports fromA firA rkPrMITT-iarl nt "IT 1 ,1 ;n TTU 1x. j.TU"oc?Vli-n r-fn TTT J J ,-r. . V vv,um,u a, 1ILUU1CUC1U, 111 X 11C lctLtJbl,'":":? Jt' Avny' om.ciai an-Nicholas county, Tuesday morning at Washington shows the total contrithe farmv draff L1 ainess r I Ji o'clock. The damage will reach butions to the Red Cross war fundtne army draft under the conscrip-; between $15,000 and S20.nnn Th during tho rpnmt Pnrr.n.i t ufli ' t w j v w w - a w.-w wwwm uwutuihU lJ .UCVGblaze started in the frame store build- been $118,021,730. Kentucky coning occupied by C. S. Vice and Com- tributed $400,368. New York andpany, and swept the frame section New York City furnished the larerestadjoining this store. Aid was called contribution, a total of $44,790,476.for from Carlisle and the chemical Reports from all the cities in Kenfire engine was sent. The residence tucky taking part in the Red Crossof J. T. Blount was saved. $100,000,000 campaign compiled byThe fire originated in the store of the Red Cross War Council showC. S. Blount, where some work was the following subscriptions to thebeing done on the lighting system. war fund to date.Gasoline escaped and caught lire and Returns to July 9, 1917:a tank exploded. j City TelegramThe losses were estimated as fol- Reportlows: C. C. Vise, store, $2,200; in- Frankfort $ 5,993.15surance, $1,200; C. C. Vice & Co., Ashlan'd : ,12,131.50stock of goods, $5,000, insurance Danville 12,429.92$2,000; Dr. Swango, office building, Lebanon 150.00$1,200, only partly insured; C. C. Lexington 34,640.00Cole, building, $1,500, insurance not Maysville 0,736.54reported;. C. C. Cole, frame tobacco Middlesboro ;. 6,286.00warehouse, $800, partly insured; W. Mt- Sterling 5,175.00E. Seamonds. blacksmith shon and Owensboro 5,894.00tion law, with every county registration, reported and the apportiontration of the State's quota of 14,263men made to the cities and counties.The draft, which will hit some of thecounties hard, will be made to-day,according to the most reliable reports at hand last night.The registration returns for Kentucky show 190,329 men betweenthe ages of twenty-one and thirty-one,inclusive, registered for military service, of whom 167,159 are white and22,081 colored, and 182 enemy aliens.Of the whites 113,813 claim exemption, and among the negroes 12,212.The draft quotas for the countiesin Central Kentucky are as follows:Bourbon, 139; Bath, 113; Clark,119; Fayette, 50; Harrison, 116;Jessamine, 89; Madison, 145, Mason,120; Montgomery, 88; Nicholas, 65;Scott, 127; Woodford, 85; Franklin,4; Pendleton, 58; Owen, 90.ft te teRED CROSS SEWING STILL INPROGRESS.Sewing for the Red Cross work isprogressing rapidly at the sewingroom at the corner of Main and Thirdstreets, where devoted bands of women are industriously plying needlesand operatingewing machines in apatriotic desire to serve their country. The ladies of the Presbyterianchurch held the room Wednesday,where they completed a large numberof garments for the men who will seeservice in the army and navy. Yesterday the work was in charge of theteachers of the City Schools, whosenimble fingers fashioned garmentsand bandages for the Red Cross work.UTo-day the ladies of the Daughters ofthe Confederacy will sew at therooms. These organizations are doing a highly commendable work.In response to the urgent demandof the Allies for surgical dressings,1,800 Red Cross Chapters throughoutthe country have been requested byElliot Wadsworth, Acting Chairman,to send as soon as possible to thenearest collecting station all theiravailiable stock of gauze and surgicaldressings and fracture pillows, andbandages of any description they mayhave finished.3"OVER THE TOP AND GIVE 'EMHELL."Excuse the seeming profane heading, but this is used to announce thenext installment of Sergt. AlexanderMcClintock's story of life in thetrenches in the European war. Thisinstallment will appear in THENEWS next Tuesday, and on succeeding Tuesdays until finished, and willbe found on page seven.THE NEWS is the only paper inParis publishing these stories, andthe interest manifested in them hasbeen apparent in the increased de-' mand for the paper. Those who haveread the preceding installments havebeen greatly interested in the story,which is so simply yet so graphicallyand powerfully told. It is one of thebest series of war stories we havej ever seen and the fact that it is written by a Kentuckian from a neighboring city, and a descendant of a Bourbon county family, lends it added interest. taWHEAT AND FLOUR MARKETSSTATIONARY.Quotations on wheat and flour onthe Paris markets yesterday remained unchanged from the first part ofthe week. The Paris Milling Co. reports say: 24-pound sack, $1.60;48-pound sack, $3.20; 96-pound sack,$6.40; barrel, in wood, $12.95;wheat, new crop, $2.05 per bushel.New wheat coming in is playing aprominent part in causing a drop inthe price of flour from $15.35 a barrel in June to the present figures of$12.95 in July. Only a few cropshave as yet been delivered on theParis market.m fe isLITTLEJOHN PLAYING TO BIGBUSINESS IN "STICKS."The Littlejohn Carnival Company,one of the best on the road, whichhas always been a welcome visitor inParis, has been filling a two-weeks'engagement in Fleming, the newI boom town in Perry county. The attractions with the Littlejohn Company have all done a rushing business, the people of the mountain sections coming: to the grounds fromi around, making every day a holiday.I Littlejohn's attractions deserve everyI bit of good luck that comes theirway, for there isn't a higher classshow or its cnaracter on tne roaa today in America.t i3 ts mPOSITIVE SALE.garage, $750, small insurance.3 te ISB-4 FIREInsure withW.O.HINTON &SON,Agts;Louisvillfra raPnrie 11 OAt AQir, . 'irJflKeVllie Y,932.5URichmond 12,732.35- City Mail ReportBoyle County $ 8,260.15262,767.52?a feRAPID WORK.TWO RAILROADS ASSESSED AT 60rhR CENT. OF CLAIMS. Contractors are making some speedrv-hn a- t j tt , -, in the erection of the PresbyterianaI ! ? of Valuation and church and the Kress Co buildin&,? Th? , a? W esse? two of the largest structures now inJSlJ?"18!11? t Y111? Railroad process of erection in Paris Thewuwiyailj O.HIA LilG J.IH11U1S) V-.tJHLXI nlinrnl. ic Ucrri-n -n i-ry r - 0V1 rt-rtr Tiaoilfi-ful architectural lines, as the brickand stone work are carried along.The big steel girders forming thesupport of the roof have been placedin TAftif iayi o-n1 -flirt Vvi nr Imrarp o tII1!,16 assessment is $62,- penters and stone workers are b'ring-Railroad Company at sixty per centof the assessment given in by thecompany. The assessment was madein compliance with the recent Supreme Court decision. The Louis-297,998 and the Illinois Central assessment $19,130,274.The board finally assessed thefranchise of the Cadiz Railroad Company at $27,868.T S3 fcsATTENTION. VOTERS!ins: un their work very rapidly. Thenew building will be a decidedlyhandsome one.j Work on the Kress building is alsojbeing speeded up andvwith the placj ing in position of a larger part of thestructural .iron work and the carry-ing up or side ana ena wans tneVoters desiring to take part in the buliding, too, is beginning to assumeprimary election in August or in the definite shape.regular election in November should 3 3 abear in mind that to-morrow, Satur-j LOSING OUTday, July 21, will be special regis-tration day for the benefit of all There is reason to believe that thevoters who have become of age since German torpedo supply is weakening,the last registration, or who have says a statement issued at Navymoved from one precinct to another, League headquarters in Washington,or who have been in the State one The increasing frequency with whichyear, or in the county six months press dispatches report merchantsince the last registration. Remem- ships as successfully dodging Germanberthis! -tornedoes. says the statement, sug-LrgftfrW'V'-ta En- PQARM BROKEN.gests to the technically trained mindthat the German torpedo is deteriorating in speed and hence in accuracyof fire at long range.So be it. If Germany falls down inA fall from a swing resulted Sunday in" a broken arm for George Sadler, son of Mr. and Mrs. Robert Sad- her submarine campaign it is diffiler, at their home on Vine street, cult to see where she can do anythingYoung sadler is carrying the arm else but ask for peace especiallyin a sling and doing very well at with the United States getting readypresent. to get into the fighting game.SS0MSE KNOWThe members of the DemocraticCounty Committee met at the courthouse at three o'clock Wednesday afternoon, in response to a call issuedby Chairman W. D. Mclntyre, ofMillersburg.After the opening of the committee meeting, by an agreement entered into by all the Democratic candidates for city and county offices, thematter of selecting officers to serveat the State primary election onAugust 4, was settled in the following way: B. B. January and W. O.KENTUCKY'S ARMY QUOTA TO BE14,236 MEN.Exclusive of whatever number ofKentuckians already were in thregular army prior to April 1, 1917,Kentucky will have 22,114 soldiersin the field under the first call ofPresident Wilson for an army of687,000.Kentucky now has 5,602 in hernational guard, and 2,276 men fromthis State have joined the regulararmy since April. This reduces thedraft quota of Kentucky to 14,274Hinton, candidates for the Democrat- and Hawaii's excess of enlistmentsic nomination for Mayor of Paris,are to select the officers for all thejyieumi;Ls m nie viiy oj. Jrans, anaCharles A. McMillan and George Batterton, candidates for the Democraticnomination for County Judge, andthe two candidates for Sheriff, Wm.G. McClintock and his deputies, J. O.Marshall and Bob Gilkey, and A. L.Soper and his deputies, D. E. Clarkeand L. C. Ashcraft, are to select allthe officers for the various precinctsoutside of Paris.The agreement was ratified bythe Democratic Committee, and thisform of proceedure will be used inthe coming primary. These gentle-over her quota cuts it to 14,236.Governor Stanley' has receivedfrom the War department the allotment of Kentucky's quota of the wararmy based on a population of 2.CT24,356, making a gross quota of 22,152,with credits for a total of 7,878 meialready in the service and calling forthe conscription of 14,236 men.The force in the quartermaster'sdepartment in the Adjutant General'3office now in apportioning the percentage of the gross quota to the Tarious counties and to Louifcville, Corington, Lexington and Newport, ac-men will hold a meeting at an early I cordingto their population. The ag-date, and make up a list of officers,which will be submitted to the Election Commissioners. The action ofthe Committee was made possible bythe fact that the Democratic candidates had no Republican opposition.Deputy Sheriffs McClintock and O.L. Marshall, County Clerk PearcePaton and Attorney Oscar T. Hinton,of Paris, were in Winchester, Tuesday night, securing the signatures ofthe Clark county candidates in theSenatorial race to the agreement forthe appointment of the election officers. The agreement of the Senatorial candidates, all of whom are fromClark county, was necessary to makethe action of the Committee valid.Ea jsa laTobacco Hail Insurance.Thomas, Woodford & Bryan.Bs fe fe .PLEASING SOCIAL AEEAIR.iJEtead the advertisement of the W IR. Scott sale in this issue, or thiuBOURBON NEWS. Positive sale.(13-3t)iss ts isCOLORED PHYSICIANS WANTEDEOR ARMY.According to advices received by a'Paris physician yesterday efforts arebeing made by the Medical Department of the United States Army to.secure the services of eighteen color-( ed physicians from this State for themant but few have applied so far.Should any from this section desireto enlist in the service they will be 2examined ating station. ,One of the most pleasing social affairs of the mid-summer season andone of the most delightful of theweek was the bridge party given atthe Sweet Shop, Monday, by MissDorcas Ussery in compliment to hersister, Mrs. William Clarke, and Mrs.Gertis, both of Cincinnati.Six tables of placers participatedin the games, and the guests had umerry aftermroii, wliire" '-thaTvorliTfwagged on. The, honor guests drewfor the prize at the conclusion ofthe games, Mrs. Gertis being the fortunate one, receiving a pair of silverhat pins. Another prize, a box of finesationery, was annexed by MissLouise Steele. Following the gamesa delicious salad course with mintices, was served the following guests:Mrs. Gertis, Mrs. Clarke, Miss MaryAllen Hutchcraf t. Mrs. Robert Ferguson, Mrs. Ray Taylor, Miss MarthaFerguson, Mrs. Joseph M. Hall, Mrs.Lillian W. Judy, Miss Rachel Wiggins. Misses Elizabeth and LouiseSteele, Mrs. Sidney Ardery, MissesAnna and Katherine Wilson, MissMatilda James, Miss Patsy.Clark, MissHattie Hill O'Neill, Mrs. Wm. Swearengen, Chicago, Mrs. Henrietta Taylor Forrest, Bloomington, 111., Mrs.Mary Adams - Talbott, Mrs. JulianFrank, Mrs. Katherine Davis Craig,Miss Nancy Griffith and M. Bohon,Versailles, the guests of Miss LouiseSteele.5 fe ?agregate of these apportionments mu3texactly equal the gross quota for thaState. Then the credits will be apportioned for the men already enlisted from those counties and cities, and! in the cases of Louisville and Covington the draft quota must be apportioned to the districts into which thecity's ate divided, according to theirestimated populations, and the credits applied to each district. Theaggregate of these credits must exactly equal the credits allowed thState by the War department and after the quota is apportioned to theocunties and cities and their respec-.tive credits allowed, the aggregatenet quotas must exactly equal the netquota the government requires Kentucky to furnish.When this work is completed and.approved by Governor Stanley thelocal boards and the War department5will be notified. It probably will beMonday before this tedious work canue linisiieu. -j.S )B1 fe!v.--Y. W. C. A. TO CAMP AT CAMPDANg BOONE.. vPREPARE.Our fall line of fine imported fabrics has arrived. We advise an earlyselection.J. W. DAVIS & CO.. is iss EsGOOD MAN TAKES TIP NEWDUTIES.Vacation Time Is Hereand you must be ready to take yours. It is just as necessary to have 'all the essential things that you need onyour trip as it is to take the recreation. A steamer trunkor suit case you must have, and after that think of a niceKool Kloth Coat and Trousers, Light-weight Underwearand Soft, Cool Shirts and Low Cut Oxford Shoes. Everything you need you will find at our store and reasonablein price. Also Bathing Suits, either one-piece garmentsor separate, $2.50 to $7.50. Let your outfitcome from pur .store, where you will save money, and thedifference can be spent in enjoying yourself while awayMitchell & BlakemoreOur store closes at 5 p p. m. except Saturdays JHand Court Days.the .Lexington recruit- y yGirls fremjgnibflf cSjSSLspend the time from. July 30 toAugust 13, at the State Y. M. C. A.Camp. Camp Daniel Boone, on theKentucky River at Valley View.'The gathering will he held under,the auspices of the Young "Women'sChristian Association. Swimmig.Tboating, hiking, etc., will make upthe program. SAvimming instructionswill he given to those who do notknow how to swim. Each eveningthere will be a huge camp fire,around which games will be playei.and stories told. 'The Camp Committee is composedof Misses Lula Cochran, Helen Lefferty, Frances Jewell, of Lexington,and Edith Stivers, of Paris, -and Mrs.William Lehman, of Lexington. Allgirls who wish to go to the campand have not registered, should tqsister immediately with Miss Lula.Cochran, Chairman of the Committee at the new Y. "W. C. A. buildingon Market street, in Lexington.11 1 IK TNOMINATION OF Y. M. C. A. SECBETARY CONmMED. 'Official confirmation and sanction,of the nomination of Mr. Z. L. Wilcox, of Orange county, New York, asSecretary of the Bourbon county Y.M. C. A., was made at a recent meeting of the Board of Directors.Mr. Wilcox was elected by a unanimous vote of the Board, he being theonly man considered. As soon as hecan secure a permanent home, Mr.Wilcox and family will go to housekeeping. Mr. and Mrs. Wilcox anddaughter are now in New York,where they will remain until aboutAugust 15.The new Secretary has been engaged in Y. M. C. A. work for tenyears and comes highly recommendedr ,by State Secretary P. C. Dix. xCORN CROP IN SOUTH INCREASED21 PERCENT."The patriotic response of theSouth to the appeal for food and feedstuffs to meet the crisis broughtabout by 'the war is shown by theUnited States Agricultural Department's forecast of the yield of cornthis year," says President Fairfax:Harrison, of the Southern RailwaySystem."For the State of Virginia, North,Carolina, South- Carolina, Georgia,Florida, Alabama, Mississippi, Ken-, tucky and Tennessee, this year's cornhas been in progress between the crop is estimated at 601,262,000"Blue" and the "Red" divisions of bushels, as compared with 495,236,-the Christian Endeavor Society of 000 bushels last year, showing anthe Paris Presbyterian church, closed increase of 106,206,000 bushels, of 21Sunday with the "Blues" victorious, per cent.they getting a total of fourteen new TS IS 1members out of the grand total of SUES FOR INJURIES IN AUTO, AC,--ftwenty-three added to the list. The CTDENT - ""Reds" pulled up with a list of nine .for the muster roll. I Mr. H. N. Bradley, of Paris,Both sides in the contest put forth brought suit in the Fayette Circuit;their best efforts, determined to win, court, Wednesday, against E. L. Mar- -but the superior generalship of the tin of Lexington, for $382.25, dam.-leaders of the "Blues" could not be ages for himseif and automobile,overcome by the "Reds." As per aneged to have been. sustald oagreement in the outset the "Reds" July 5 ja Lexington, whtm am autowm give tne winning team an; enier- belonging to Mr. Martin rra imtoMr. J. Thornwell Tadlock, who hasbeen a highly valued employe of Jas.S. Wilson & Bro. implement, seed andcommission firm at the corner ofMain and Third streets for severalyears, has resigned his position there,to take effect August 1.Mr. Tadlock has accepted a position with the C. S. Ball Garage, atFourth and Pleasant streets, wherehe will be found after August 1. Mr.Tadlock is one of the city's mostprogessive young business men, onewhose acquaintance with the needsof the farmers in the mechanical departments has been gained by a longpractical experience. Mr. Tadlockenjoys an extensive acquaintanceamong the farmers and business menof the county and city, and will bean invaluable factor in the businessof the C. S. Ball Garage.Mr. Tadlock succeeds Mr. Jeff C.Elgin, who recently assumed a traveling position in Southwestern territory for a Cleveland, p., manufacturing concern.' fe fe feCHURCH CAMPAIGN CLOSES.The membership campaign which. tainment in the near future.m '-r -Mr Bradley's machiae.?'tiUitm( :fc.- &U'u rTHE BOURBON NEWS, PARIS, KY.FRIDAY, JULY lt 117,PAGE TWOInri O 1 TWT 'I he Bourbon News ;'TtabHshed 188135 Yean of Continuous Publication.abllshed Every Tuesday and Friday.it Year... $2.00 Six Months. ..$1.00Payable in Advance.64WIFT CriAMP, Editor and Owner.Any erroneous reflection upon thecharacter, standing or reputation ofany person, firm or corporation whichiiay appear in the columns of THEBOURBON: NEWS will be gladly corrected if brought toj attention of theeditor. iADVERTISING RATESDisplay Advertisements, $1.00 per'Inch for first time; 50 cents per incheach subsequent insertion.Reading Notices, 10 cents per lineeach issue; reading notices in black'type, 20 cents per line, each issue.H Cards of thanks, calls on candidates, obituaries and resolutions, andsimilar matter, 10 cents per line.f" Special rates for large advertise-iients and yearly contracts.The right of publisher is reservedto decline any advertisement or otherHatter for publication.- Announcements for political officesmust invariably be accompanied bythe cash. fEDITORIAL MUSINGS.The World Beautiful.This is a world beautiful in the31uegrass region to-day, and especially is it so in the good county ofBourbon, where the best people in theBluegrass come from and where agood many of that kind still reside.jOld Nature seems to have outdoneherself this year and sent us, perhaps to cheer us in our sorrow, sucha wealth of vegetation and such avariety of hues, as to bewilder himwho visits the country and gazes atthe scene.A little later on it will becomemore golden, with the browns morein evidence, and still further on inthe fall the bolder hues of red andrusset are evidences of departingsummer, while at this time every hu3and color that is in sight is an emblem of living things.Green seemingly a thousand different hues that is what one nowbeholds after the refreshing rains ofthe past few days. The bronzegreens of the grass, the dark green ofthe healthy corn, the solid green ofthe pastures, the lighter green of,the thin-leaved trees and the deepergreen of the trees that bear heavierfoliage a world of green spread before the eyes to soothe and rest usafter weary days in the office andworkshop. Was there ever a morebeautiful world?And mixed with the green thecrimson of the roses and the delicatetouches of yellow here and thereAnd the purple of the wild flowers,and the white and pink blossoms ofthe clover and other plants, and thepale pinks which one sees peepingfrom almost every corner. Theseflocks of color only lend enchantmentto the greenish earth. Have younoticed them? Take a trip up beautiful Stoner Creek or go out into thecountry around Paris, and feast youreyes.Then there is the stock which onesees in the fields colts and calves-and lambs, along with their kind.And the farm houses and outbuildings, irregular of shape in the glimpses one gets of them as he speedsalong in auto, on train or the interurban, painted or unpainted, brightor dull,. they always seem to blendin, with the scene or to give to it atouch of something without whichbeauty would have marred itselfNo, you will never, perhaps see theworld around Paris more beautifulthan it is this very week. Get outin the country and see it once foryourself."We heard yesterday of a Parisman who was so confoundedly patri- 51 BourbonDWIS & FUNK, Props.Telephone No. 4. , West 5 Street-afflftEfJSSKjf A'- -rA y . .f- ,6 : irr-vrBourbonParisjsTZLim '-S frj3fi3gg:I lotic, that he ref uses; to play pokerwith ,nf thing out 'red, white hublue chips.The Trained Parmer.Just one visit to any section ofBourbon county will serve to showthat our farmers appreciate the seriousness of war fully as much as theman clad in khaki armed with a gun.One visit into any section of thiscounty will show how well mobilizedand how well trained are our farmerfriends, and now more than ever wecome to realize that the trained farmer is as essential as the trainedsoldier to any scheme of Nationalpreparedness.Farming processes in this countynow are better than they have everbeen in our history. And betterfarming processes mean cheaperfood for the people in either peaceor war, provided, however, the distribution of foodstuffs, its transportation and method of marketing aremanaged in a fair and honest way.The old belief that to Mars, the godof battle, is due all credit for winning this war will vanish with avisit into any part of this county.It will take but a brief hour to convince any one that to fair 'Demeter,the lady of the fields, must go thglory for whatever success we mayachieve in the world of struggle. InEurope the farmer is regarded as ofequal importance with the munitionmaker and the soldier. Agricultureis recognized by all military authorities as a chief source of National defense. Consequent! j' a marvelous new science of agriculture isbeing developed. American farmershave seized upon its advantages,and the close of the season will seenothing in the world equal to thetrained farming force of the country.The annual spectacle of acres ofchoice fruits left to rot on accountof car shortage must, not be. Theremainder of the country must keeppace with the farmer. There mustbe co-operation to the extent thatevery dollar's worth he raises is marketed. If this is done, if America teto keep abreast of her trained agricultural army, arrangements must becompleted at once to see that thharvest is not left to lie in the fieldsand waste.We have seen enough of it here inParis to agree with the Georgia editor who declares that nothing inthe world but love can make twoyoung goslings sit for hours in aporch swing, defy mosquitoes, flies,gnats, lightning bugs, dew and thworld in general, and think of nothing else in the world but themselves.Attraction Of a Uniform."Been down street flirting withthe soldier boys over in the courthouse basement?" Being opposite thecourt house, we have been in a goodposition to overhear much unfavorable comment on the matter.Because many girls are silly, considerable odium attaches to soldiers.There is something about a uniform,whether it be that of a soldier, a.fireman, a policeman, or a railioadman, that inspires in some femininegigglers a desire to flirt. And so wehave heard it remarked that some ofthe Paris girls should be discouragedin the practice of making chanceacquaintances with the members ofthe State guard here.The soldiers are far from being allat fault in the matter. The soldiersare as decent as any other similarnumber of men gathered together,and their habits are much the same.They are not all St. Anthonys or St.Georges. Few men are in that class.But when disasters happen or whenpublic attention is called to particular cases of thi kind the criticism isapt to be aimed at the soldier instead of being placed where it ismore apt than not to belong on thehead of the giddly girl who failed tomind her own business or to act discreetly. We are not the least bitjealous. Being an old bachelor, weare co thoroughly bombproof thateven a hand grenadt, couldn't make adent in us, but we hate to see our finegirls making themselves so conspicuous in that way.fa fe "ssIf each member of the congregation was to give the minister hisopinion of the sermon he wouldprobably resign.LaundrySatisfaction is OurWatchwordAWith all the latest im-appliances and experthelpers we are preparedto do work inferior tonone, and solicit your? 4-,,v.pa u. unagc.Laundry,HXYl TO TOfteOME.. i . tsht r-tiofarken:- -3F- 4,fTROOPS.HattieshurgMiss., the site selected for the camp of the Kentuckyand Indiana National Guardsmen,when they are called into Federalservice August 5, is enthusiasticover having the soldiers at thatplace, as the following specialshows:"HATTIESBURG, MISS., July 19.Hattiesburg celebrated its selection for camp site with a mpnstermass meeting. Speeches were madeurging people to co-operate in everyway possible with the government.Over 3,000 who attended pledgedtheir support to the authorities togive the soldier boys from Kentuckyand Indiana a royal welcome andassure them clean,- wholesome entertainment. "Although the army engineers havenot yet made an official survey, thesite offered for thetraining campcan be safely located. The government is given the choice of twoplaces. Both are suitable and in theheart of the long-leaf yellow 'pinebelt, about "six miles from the city."The ground is high, rolling andeasily drained. It is free from mosquitoes and plenty of pure waterfrom artesian wells abounds. Severalcrystal streams flow through theland. A river fifteen feet deep iswithin one mile of the camp."Unlimited acreage is at the command of the government. Adequaterifle and artillery ranges are adjacent to the camp site."Two railroads, the MississippiCentral and the Gulf and Ship Island, run alongside the groundsGravel roads lead from Hattiesburgto the encampment. Hattiesburg isa city of 5,000 population. It is located on four trunk line railroads,the Gulf and Ship Island, the Mississippi Central, Southern and Gulf,Mobile and Northern."It is one of the largest yellowpine producing centers in the South.In addition it has many other industries which furnish employment tothousands."The city is clean from a moraland civic standpoint. There are nomosquitoes, and malaria is practically unknown."sa t teaCHUPvCHES TO HELP IN FOODCONSERVATION.The church is to become a positive force in. food conservation as aresult of a conference in Washington between food administration officials and prominent churchmen representing virtually every denomination in the United States. A committee from each denomination willaid 'in the campaign, which will include weekly reports throughout thechurches of what every family is accomplishing in saving the necessaries. After addresses by Herbert C.Hoover, Dr. R. L. Wilbur, George A.Cullen and other officials of the foodadministration, the conference laidthe foundation for co-operation inthe conservation work by adoptingresolutions.Pastors will be asked to keep theircongregations constantly alive totheir duties of food saving. Theweekly report system planned in furtherance of this purpose requiresthat heads of -families hand in atchurch each Sunday a uniform reportcard showing in detail what has beendone in his home during the weektoward conservation.On the card, alongside the columnto be filled in by the person reporting,is printed the food administration'requirements for seven meatlessmeals, seven wheatless meals andseven meals including dishes madefrom left-overs each week.fe fe ISWILSON CAN SEND OUR TROOPSANYWHEREA report which gained considerable currency to the effect that former Attorney General Wickefshamhad given an opinion that the United.States was without authority to sendcitizen soldiers abroad was clearedup in a speech delivered before theHamilton Club in Chicago by JudgeK. M. Landis. First Judge Landisread a telegram which he sent to Mr.Wickersham:"The Kaiser boosters quote you asauthority for proposition UnitedStates without authority to send conscripted army abroad. To what opinion does these liars refer?"To this Mr. Wickersham replied:"Kaiser boosters must refer to mynnininn Ffihruarv 17. 1912, that constitution limits use of militia to purposes defined, paragrapn o, secuon8, article 1. Therefore PresidentWilson without authority to send organized militia of States into foreign country as part of army of occupation. To avoid this objection national defense act of June 3, 1915.section 3, provided war drafting anyor all national guards into serviceof United States, thus leaving thePresident free to send them wherehe wishes. Damn the Kaiser.(Signed)"GEORGE W. WICKERSHAM."m fePAPERS RELIVED OF VOLUNTARYCENSORSHIP.Voluntary censorship regulationsunder which the newspapers have refrained from reporting troop movements have been partially suspendedby the War Department and the Public Information Committee so as topermit the papers to print almostunrestricted news about the mobilization of the national guard for warj service. This statement was issued:'The only restriction that the WarDepartment places upon the news ofI the mobilization of the -nationalguard is that of secrecy concerningtrain routes and train schedules."Publication of the exact routesand times 'of departure, it was pointed out, might invite attempts to interfere with trains. ? , .SOUTHERNi4. m jM 'hCI -m MH., "H TjIhh B-h B vtedv t .B H '1 L. .. Hof BourbonSubject to the DemocraticPrimary Aug. 4, 1917Your Support Will Be"'.; 'I I I'lM H ' H H H HWANTS YOUR SUPPORTIN THEEH AAnd in return he will make you the IveryiiiiiinMiiTu&iiiiiitirifiiiiiittiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiMiiilVOTE TOR4J II J !CANDIDATE FORAugust 4, 1917best officer he can.VCountyAppreciated!AMD VOTEv -JUDGEPRIMARYX4t44tix,nt 'W v. fls a-.. .-., ... .yj..alto" Vo,iV tFRIDAY, JULY 20, 1917.xTSjVTHEBGURBON NEWS, PARIS, KX7,.,LPAGEn -A FRIEND'SADVICEWoman Saved From a Serious Surgical Operation.PliKlliliLouisville, Ky. "For four years Isuffered from female troubles, headaches, and nervousness. I could notsleep, had no appetite and it hurt me towalk. If I tried to do any work, Iwould have to lie down before it wasmusnea. ne dOCtors said I wouldhave to be operated on and I simplybroke down. Afriend advised meto try Lydia E.Pinkham's Vegetable Compound,and the result is Ifeel like a new woman. I am well andstrong, do all myte v eigitPun1babySirh Ik"wLydia E. Pmkham's Vegetable Compound saved me from an operationwhich every woman dreads." MrsNellie Fishback, 1521 Christy AveLouisville, Ky.Everyone naturally dreads the surgeon s knife. Sometimes nothing elsewill do, but many times Lydia E. Pinkham s Vegetable Compound has savedthe patient and made an operation unnecessary. If you have any symptom about whichyou would like to know, write to theLydia E. Pmkham Medicine Co., Lynn.Mass., for helpful advice given free.GOOD MTJSHHMS IN DEMAND POR'THENAVY.The navy stands in need of goodmusicians now, but only men whoare able to play brass instrumentswill be taken. Lowest pay is $41 amonth for these men. They are urgedto enlist at once. The navy has especial need at present also for menwho are skilled in the use of gasolineengines.IS 1 ?aARE YOU ONE OF THEM?There are a great many peoplewho wouldybe very much benefitedby taking Chamberlain's Tablets fora weak and disordered stomach. Areyou one of them? Mrs. M. R. Searl,Baldwinsville, N. Y., relates her experience in the use of these tablets:"I had a bad spell with my stomachabout six months ago, and wastroubled for two or three weeks withgas 'and severe pains in the pit ofmy stomach. Our druggist advisedme to take Chamberlian's Tablets.I took a bottle home and the firstdose relieved me wonderfully, and Ikept on, taking them until I ,wascured." These tablets do not relievepain, but after the pain has been relieved may prevent its recurrence.- (adv-july)"OUR BOYS IN FRANCE" TOBACCOFUND."Our Boys in France Tobaccopackage is placed a postcard bearingmoney to pay for tobacco for American soldiers and sailors in France.Headquarters are at 2f5 West 44thStreet, New York City.ine activities of the fund are approved by the Secretary of War andthe Secretary of Navy. The booksare audited by the Audit Company orNew York and the Irving NationalBank of New York acts as banker.Every cent contributed to "OurBoys in France Tobacco Fund" isused to buy tobacco. No money istaken out for administration. Allstamps, labor, stationery, etc., arecontributed.The tobacco is made up into packages, each with a retail value of forty-fivecents. Each package coststhe tobacco fund twenty-five cents,including packing and shipping toFrance.. According to the plan, every personwho contributes twenty-five cents tothe fund will receive a message froman American fighting man.- In eachpose of avoiding the payment of thethe name and address of the personwho contributed the twenty-five centsto pay for the tobacco. To show hisgratitude, the soldier receiving thetobacco agrees to write a message onthe card and send it to the unknownfriend who furnishes smokes for aweek.g VK JKENTUCKY SCHOOLS SHORT INTHEIR ENROLLMENT.Less than 50 per cent, of thechildren in Kentucky who are enrolled in the school age attend thecommon schools of this State.Only 49 per cent, of the children inthe rural districts who are enrolledin the school age attend school andonly 45 per cent, of the children inthe school age attend the commonschools, notwithstanding the Statepays annually to conduct the schoolsa sum of $8,342,857.The number of children attendingthe high schools in this State isgreatly on the increase. In compiling the figures for his biennial reportState Superintendent of Public Instruction Gilbert says there are morethan 18,500 white children attending the high schools and over 1,000negro children in the high schools.fe jss ?sCATARRHAL DEAFNESS CANNOTBE CUREDWoman's curiosity has been doinga continuance performance ever sinceMother Eve took a bite out of theapple.CAHALBR0S.BARBER SHOPPrompt and Courteous Attention toPatront.HOT AND COLD BATHS.Whenyoufeeltrtur-V0U-;"5TPVEINEPILLS: They renew the normal vigor andmaice Hie woxiu uviuk uesureiDow iwMutt Nervenne r ills g1 TnvmWILLIAMS MFC. CO . P. CWrtitmi, OkOlERDORFER, The Druggist.by local applications, as they cannotreach the diseased portion of the ear.There is only one way to cure catarrhal deafness, and that is by constitutional remedy. Catarrhal deafness is caused by an inflamed condition of the mucous lining of theEustachian Tube. W;hen the tube isinflamed you have a rumbling soundor imperfect hearing and hen it Isentirely closed, deafness Is 'tne result.Unless the inflammation can bereduced and this tulie restored to itsnormal condition, hearing will bedestroyed forever. Many cases ofdeafness are caused by catarrh,whichis an Jnflamed condition of the mucous surfaces. Hall's Catarrh Medicine acts through the blood on themucous surfaces of the system.We give One Hundred Dollars forany case of Catarrhal Deafness thatcannot be cured by Hall's CatarrhMedicine. Circulars free. All Druggists, 75c.F. J. CHENEY &.CO.,Toledo, Ohio.(adv-july)HIGH COST OF DYING.(Richmond Register)We are all experiencing the highcost of living and Jf the lead of thegrave diggers of Paris, Ky., is followed, the high cost of dying maymakes us hesitate to shuflle' off thismortal coil For time Immemorial theprace of grave. digging has been $5.It'has beeiitraised to ,$7 at the capitalof Bourbon and the -end may not yetbe in sight.IB! let tePeonle are born true and deceptionis an acquired art.-- -Wg71it?Vi rt 'gt:ProtectYour FamilyThere' 9 no surer way of pro-,viding for the ones you love thanhanking your cash.The man with moriejhin bankis prepared for a business reverse jor loss of position.Casfx in bank givjssMa newDeposit your fefeJraJ&now. Don't waste. ttT qoQdelay.You'll be surprised to see'how an .account grows.See us today about an account.ytyTfrYT T Tti! i '; "i i" i " iJL X 1I '"lSOCIAL AND PERSONAL.Comings and Goings of OurPeople Here, There andElsewhere.Miss Clara Colliver has returnedrrom a visit to friends in Winchester.Misses Grace McCord and EthelBiddle are visiting friends in Fleming county.Miss Louise Letton has returnedfrom a visit to relatives and friendsin Atlanta, On.Mr. ana Mrs. E. T. Proctor, ofMaysville were guests of Parisfriends this week.Miss Sara Power has as guest ather home near Paris, Miss Harriei:Rains, of Maysville.Miss Margaret Willis has returned from a visit to Miss MarthaMcGinnis, in Winchester. -Mrs. Robt. P. Dow, Jr., of DesMoines, Iowa, is a guest of Mr. andMrs. Robt. P. Dow, Sr.Mrs. Fred Weckesser has hersister, Miss Jenette Pomeroy, of LosAngeles, Cali., as guest.Miss Irene Brambleite, of Paris,is a guest of Misses , Florence andLouise Berry, in Cynthiana.Mr. and Mrs. J. W. Bedford, ofAtlanta, Georgia, are visiting Mr. andMrs. Reuben Letton, near Paris.Mr. Fred Weckesser of theBusy Bee Cash Store, was in Irvineseveral days this week on business.Mr. C. E. Colliver and sister,Miss Thelma Colliver, have gone toTalcott, Virginia, for a visit to relatives. Miss Lottie May Harris, of Owingsville, is" a guest of her uncle, Mr.L. D. Harris, and family, on Walkeravenue.Mr. and Mrs. Claude Chappelland children are at home from a visitto friends and relatives in Robertsoncounty.Mrs. Winsor Letton and son, ofAtlanta, Georgia, are guests of relatives and friends in this city andcounty.Mr. and Mrs. Dill Wheat andchildren, of Newport, are visiting Mr.and Mrs. B. B. Marsh and family, inEast Paris.Miss Eunice Gantley has returned to her home in Mason county, after a visit to friends in Paris andMillersburg.Mrs. Blanche Breeden Aker, ofAkron, Ohio, formerly of this city, isa guest of the Misses Lilleston, onHiggins avenue.Mr. Joseph Myers returned tohis home in Cincinnati yesterday,after a visit to his cousin, Miss MaryFrances Campbell.Mr. Edward Crawford, who hasbeen a guest of his uncle, Mr. CarlCrawford, returned to his home inLouisville, Saturday!Mr. Li. s. Mccjora nas returned toFarmers' & Traders' BankW. WMITCHBLL, Cartler. yQftUtBS.BooUcMftr.- -?5HBCS,fiSkii- AKgrhis home in Cleveland, Ohio," after avisit to Mr. P. JV IVfcCord; and M"rs.McCord, in' this pityl' ' 'Mr. and Mrs. James Ishmael havereturned to their home .in .thfs 'cityfrom a visit to MriiMrs. J. L.Coffee, near Richmond. v. Miss Susie Arnold, who has beena guest' of Mrs. J. D.' Larkin, in thiscity for several days, has returned toher home in Covington.Mr. William Kenney Thomas hasreturned to his duties in Detroit,Mich., after a vacation spent withrelatives near Hutchison.Mrs. N. H. Bayless, Jr., has concluded a very pleasant visit to Mrs.Mary Frazier, in Louisville, and returned to her home in this city.Mrs. Thomas B. Conway and son,of Chicago, are guests of Mrs. J.Morgan Browne. Mrs. Conway is aformer resident of Millersburg.Miss Sallie D. Morgan, who hasbeen a guest of friends in this cityand county for several weeks, hasreturned to her home in Maysville.Mrs. Mary E. Frazier is entertaining at her home in Louisville,Mr. Silas E. Bedford, Jr., and sister.Miss Sarah Louise Bedford, of Paris.Misses Lottie Orr Taylor andMisses Fannie and Emelyn Miller, ofNorman, Oklahoma, are guests ofMisses Mason and Lena Talbott, onTwelfth street.-Hon. J. Quincey Ward, Executive Agent of the State' Game andFish Commission, has returned froma visit to Deputy Game Warden: S.J. Embry, in Richmond.Miss Nellie Griffin has returnedto her home in Columbus, 0., aftera visit to her brother, Mr. W. K.Griffin, and Mrs. Griffin, at theirhome on Cypress street.Mr. Sherman Snapp returnedWednesday morning to San Francisco, Cali., to resume his duties asmanager of the Royal Baking Powder Co.'s demonstration teams. Mr.Snapp has been spending a short vacation here with his mother, Mrs.Alice Snapp, and family.The Louisville Courier-Journalsays: "Miss Elizabeth Brown, ofParis, Ky., has arrived for a visitto Miss May Adams Lincoln at thehome of her parents, Judge WalterP. Lincoln and Mrs. Lincoln, in Garvin Place, for a week."Mr. Samuel Ewalt is recoveringfrom the effects of nervous shocksustained by being struck by abuggy as he was crossing the streetat Pleasant an'd Ninth, Friday. Mr.Ewalt was not seriously hurt, butsustained slight bruises.Mr. Thomas JRoherts .and family,who liaye been Vesid'irigjn aysyille.for sevetaLypars,will Veturn to Paris.toMive. , Mr. f R6Jef.ts 5 rec.entlyj.pur-"liaedtnetVo-storyInSbrMr.TV C. Livingstbnonl'tee'fiistreet.Mr. ' Roberts is Jn' thefeof theLouisville & Nashyille ks engineer.Mr. andMrsTB. F. Buckner arhost andsfrostess at their countryhome nearji'ar'isto" a jnaojtor touringparty cohjposedof Mr an$UMrs. LT. Tajd'aughters, hisses Maryand AnhiYTappr"and Mr. Bryanbhurchill'of Kingston, North Carolina. The Taylorsville correspondenceof the Louisville Times says: "Mrs.Henry. Erion, of Paris, has returnedhome after ja visit to Mrs. J. E. Gray. .-. .-.Miss Lucy WellSi Is visiting,Mr. .ana Mrs. narvey wens, at ans. . . .Mrs. G. C Ashurst and daughter- ",?"' w '.v!:" ; snave returned altera visit'toMra.UNUSUALBARGAINSIN ALLLOW FOOTWEAR IWomen's Men's and Children'sPumps and Oxfords at less thanpresent cost. Yon can save $1.00or $1.50 on each pair. All stylesand all sizes: Don't delay, asthey are going fast.ri:;,; ai cmson, in our- 1 1 II H 1 1 II 1 1 HI I HI 1 1 1 1 1 11 U 1 H 1 1 1 1 M 1 1Mrs. George R. Leeds and daughter, Miss Elma Leeds, are P-imcta rfrelatives and friends on Walnut Hills Iana at Hyde Park, near Cincinnati.Miss Julia McCarthy, night chiefoperator at the Paris exchange of theCumberland Telephone Co., is takinga two-weeks' vacation, which she willspend- partly with relatives in Lexington. -Mr. and Mrs. John ""A. Bowerand little son, Master John A. Bower,Jr., have returned from a visit to relatives in Fernbank, Ohio, near Cincinnati. , Tne dance given at the OlympiaSprings Hotel- last night under theauspices of the management was wellattended, several from Paris teingpresent.-Mrs. Mangus Rash has as guest?at her home near this city Miss AnnaMae Bush, of New York City, MissMyrtle Bush, and mother, Mrs. HenryBush, of Lexington.Mrs. J. K. Griffith has returnedto her home near Cynthiana. after avisit to her daughter, Mrs. J. Taylorbnarrard, and Rev. Sharrard, at theirhome on South Main street.Mr. Russell Frank was one ofthe dancers from Paris, who attendedthe Red Cross barn dance at Winchester, Tuesday night. There was abig crowd at the dance, which was anenjoyable affair.Members of the Shropshire family were pleasant guests at a reunionheld at the home of Squire John N.Shropshire, near Jacksonville, thisweek.' Among the guests from a distance were Col. James H. David, ofSan Antonio, Texas, and Mrs. EmmaStonestreet, of Kansas City, Mo.Hon. Claude M. Thomas andmother, Mrs. E. K. Thomas, whohave been at Hot Springs, Ark., forthe past three weeks, returned Wednesday. Both were greatly benefittedby their stay at the Springs. Mr.Gus Margolen also returned from atwo-weeks' sojourn at Hot Springs.A pleasant mid-summer familyreunion took place recently at thehome of Mr. and Mrs. Squire Lucas,of the Centerville precinct, when thefollowing guests gathered there andpartook of a bountiful dinner, followed by a social afternoon: Mr. andMrs. Earl Plummer, Mr. and Mrs. Jos.Plummer, Dr. and Mrs. A. B. Plummer and son, Miss Pearl Plummer,Miss Bertie Rankin, Mr. and Mrs. J.M. Day, Misses Ethel and LillianDay, Mr. Charles Day, Master RoyDay, Master Irvan Dennis, Mr,s. Thos.Day, Mrs. O Donnell, Misses Carrieand Mary Day, Mr. Russell Day, Master Sterling Day, Miss 4LucileJ Dunn,Miss trances Masterson and Mr. JohnKenton. f(Otfter Personals on Page 5.)1 fes ..f 'FOB -YQUR SCEAP BOOK.THE WOMAN WIJ.O WAITS.The woman who waits for her man'sreturn 'Is doing "her bit" for the flag;With aching heart and tearful 'eyesShe is serving the "Grand OldRag."Through the long, long hours' ofdarkest nightShe prays for the one who serves:Through the daylight hours shestrains her sightScanning the list, with torturedsight.Oh, the woman who waits has thehardest partOf the struggle to down the Hun.Hers be the glory, the honor, thepraise!When the final victory's won!The man can die with a free, gladheart,But the' woman who wraits must doWhen all the world is still.Through the long, dark hours shelies awakePraying toGod, for dear Christ'ssake,Grant to the Land of the Brave andf "Free -" -The final, enduring victory.And oh; dear God, send hack; to meO'er the storm-tossed' waves" of -theangry sea; r 'To the 'woman who waits send hack' to me fMy Man!m is ?aCAN IT BE?Senators make the charge that thepopulation figures for northern citieshave been padded in order to maketheir army draft heavier. Can it bethat the Census Bureau has been using city directory figures or gettingits information from Chamber ofCommerce boosters?Ha a mSilent watches of the night arethose people forgot to wind.HARRY LINVILLE'I"l'-I"-M"I"I"M"i"Hi'M"l"fi'i'i'i''M"l"li'H"i'M"I"li'i1 1 1 1 1 MM !Automobile Hearse or Ambulance!I desire to announce to our friends that I can, wheredesired, furnish an automobile hearse or ambulance. Th ismethod of transportation is especially desired on long trips,the same being made in better time, and at no advance incost over the horse-drawn conveyance.GEO. W. DAVIS, Funeral Director.uCBrKm' ' J mWkW rKSr135 i'f .Always Be Sure of the NumberWe urge our subscribers to consultthe Telephone Directory whenever a callis to be made. When you trust to your .memory, your are apt to transpose the figures in a telephone number; when you.trust to an old card or letterhead, you arre.apt to call a number that has been changed.And when you do call- a "wronjLrnumber,5 you cause inconvenience anddelay for yourself and for the party whom-" - .you call in error. Make it a practice, toconsult the Directory first.4CUMBERLAND TELEPHONEAND TELEGRAPH COMPANYIncorporatedBOX 122, FRANKFORT, KY.BIG JULYCLEARANCE SALEGOING ONr"M'i' I IIHI'l UlUflllllllliIMMere Are Spmes of the Specials:SilkWaistsIi1$1.25 and $1.50values at,98cSportSeThe'm'OnWashSkirts . ..Plain White withFancy Pockets '79cHatsOut of our stock wehave taken manynew styles to beplaced on sale at$1.00m"a'lS'S "tl ?. Deor tt "jjfb ?" v ruj -fMtAw&iF-MMsmtmmmjmi0-BrosfZyTVoiiJ7ufL.AartmentStor p ft' l!V$Wr T'"TL"w " lA.tMllllllllMlllllllllllllMtHIIIIIIIIIIMMIIIIMlMIIIIMMIillliiiiiiMiiti IT iItJI '' 13 'fITAGE F0I3RTHE BOURBON NEWS, PARIS, KY.FRIDAY, JULY 20, ltlTi-5y- ,4hIrfnThe Bourbon NewsEstablished 188136 Yearstinlons Publication.of Con-.Bublished Every Tuesday and Friday.Per Year... $2.00 Six Months... $1.00Payable in Advance.W1FT CHAMP, Editor and Owner.(Entered at the Paris, Kentucky,Postoffice as Mail Matter of theSecond Class.)DESTKOY FILTH.tUntil a few years ago, a so-calledphilosopher was held up to childrenas a model of kindness to God's creatures, because he is alleged to havjcarefully taken a' fly and putting itout of the window: "Go little flythere is plenty of room for thee andme." This sounds pretty, but a flyis the last thing the old fellow shouldhave selected to show his moderation.It is a menace to human health andanimal welfare and carries diseaseand death in its wake, laden as itoften is with germs of typhoid, cholera, diarrhoe, dysentery and tuberculosis. It breeds aTid feeds on garbage and filth and multiplying withunimaginable rapidity its power forharm is incalculable. The best planto get rid of the pests is to removeand destroy every thing that the flycan breed in. Clean up your premises and keep them clean and youwon't have to exert yourself with aswatter, which is too slow a processof extermination. Help the StateBoard of Health and the Tuberculosis Commission destroy one of thechief spreaders of disease germs,which exact their tqll in human life,by keeping your premises absolutelyclean.la mm"BUSINESS AS USUAL." "Throughout the war the wise menof England have striven to maintainthe industrial structure of tne country intact despite all difficulties. Thebusiness leaders of America are confronted to-day with he same problem, and the business men of Parisshould do their share.The National Council of Defensehas issued a solemn warning againsthysterical, indiscriminating economy,which it says, is worse than waste.It urges that the general businesshe not slowed down.This is a direct injunction to you,business men and advertisers of Paristo -use your tremendous influenceover the public mind to promote asane, normal, level-headed attitudetoward the daily activities of lifeAny other policy is an invitation tointernal disorder and even panicLet us, men of Paris, with all ourstrength strive to "Keep Business AsUsual."NATIONAL HOTEL OPEN AT MT.STERLING.Mr. John D. Wyatt, former Judge,ex-newspaper man, excursion agentand general all-round utility man,lias leased the National Hotel at Mt.Sterling, and reopened it to the public. Mr. Wyatt has had experiencein the hotel business and will makethe National a good one.miiiiHiiiiiinHMnif It Will Pay You;;I To Watch Our Windows i i:: and Read Our Ads.txt ;' dOUR SPECIALS FORONE WEEK ONLYt Imported French Face oj- JPvccrlor LtO XPowderJ CraracallaTurkishBathi a IX Soap, per cake "- J-4 cakes in box ocjr, ,per box 00Beekman's Olive Oil ia.Castile Soap, per cakei JLJL dozen in box aaper box 1.UUWilliams' Talcumper can20cWe carry the mostcomplete line of Toilet'Goods in the city. Comein and see for yourself.I Brooks & Snapp IDrag CompanyTht PENSUUt Start I.L JjJJptiiiiiiiiiHiiiiiiinniiT44"DEATHS.ANDERSON.Despite the heroic efforts of theattending physicians, Mr. W. H.Anderson died at the Massie Memorial Hospital, in this city, at 3:15o'clock, Wednesday morning, as theresult of knife-wounds" in the throat,self-inflicted. His physicians for atime had hopes of saving his life, butcomplications set in with the ultimate fatal result.Mr. Anderson was a, native of Newburg, West Virginia, where he firstsaw the light of day fifty-eightyears ago. He came to Paris aboutthirty years ago and entered theemploy of the Louisville and Nashville as an operator in the train dispatcher's office. His ability securedhim rapid promotion, until he wasfinally made Superintendent of thisdivision of the Louisville & Nashville, a position carrying with itgreat responsibility. He was faithful in all his walks of life, and washighly esteemed by the employes ofthe road, by whom he was regardedas a model railroad man, patient, polite, and just in all his relations withthem. As a business man of thehighest character, Mr. Anderson stoodsecond to none.Besides his widow, who was MissLucy Alexander before her marriage,he is survived by his mother, Mrs.Georgia Anderson, of Parkersburg,West Virginia; three sisters, Mrs.Lackey and Miss Ida Anderson, bothof Parkersburg, West Va., and Mrs.Clinck, of Freemont, Ohio; twobrothers, Edward Anderson, and Jas.Anderson, both of Parkeisburg, WestVa. One of his sisters is criticallyill at her home in Parkersburg, andthe other members of the householdjhave been at her bedside, in expectation of her death.The funeral was held at the Baptist church yesterday afternoon atfour o'clock, with services conductedby Rev. Dr. O. It. Mangum. The burial followed in the Paris Cemetery.The active pall-bearers were Jas. G.Metcalfe, Jr., John A. Bower, GeorgeW. Wilder, Harry Stamler, EdwardH. Gorey, J. C. Nickerson, W. K.Griffiin, H. H. Hancock, J. J. Grosche.Honorary palllbearers were John T.Hinton, Wm. H. McMillan, JohnMarston, William W. Hall, NicholasKriener, B. A. Frank, John T. Col-ilins, Thos. Henry Clay, Jr., W. F.Sheridan, Frank B. Carr, A. L. Summers, Dr. J. T. Vansant, Jos. W.Davis, John Roseberry and RichardButler.The only members of Mr. Anderson's immediate family from a distance who were able to be present atthe funeral were his sister, Miss IdaAnderson, and brother, Mr. JamesAnderson, of Parkersburg, and Mrs.Anderson's niece, Miss Josie Alexander, formerly of Paris, now residingin Chicago.... SPEAKES.Mrs. Lillie May Speakes, agedfifty, wife of Mr. Edward Speakes, amember of the Bourbon Fiscal Court,died at her home near Ruddles MillsTuesday morning from- a complication of diseases.Mrs. Speakes was the daughter ofMr. and Mrs. Morgan Ammerman,who were residents of Paris manyyears ago, residing In the propertyon Main street now occupied by thehome of Mr. and Mrs. Thos. McDonald. 'Mrs. Speakes spent, the yearsof her girlhood in Paris, where shehas many friends, who learned withsorrow of her passing.She is survived by her husband,Mr. Edward Speakes, and two grandchildren, Miss Mildred .Ingram andMiss Louise Ingram, both of Dayton,Ohio, who are children of Mr. andMrs. Speakes' only daughter, nowdeceased.The funeral was held at the homenear Ruddles -Mills at two o'clock yesterday afternoon, with services conducted by Rev. W. E. Ellis, pastor ofthe Paris Christian church. Theburial followed in the Paris Cemetery. The honorary pall-bearers wereJudge C. A. McMillan and the members of the Fiscal Court. Ernest Martin, John J. Redmon, E. P. -Thom-asson,John N. Shropshire, GeorgeBatterton, Omar B. Llody, R. H. Burris, Lee Stephenson and R.O. Turner. The active pall-bearers wereJack Cunningham, Dr. Bruce Smith,Joe Godman, Thos. Current, ArthurBest and Claude Redmon.McCORD.The funeral of Mr. W. S. McCord,aged eighty-two, a prominent farmerof Fleming county, who died at hishome there Friday, was held at Elizaville, Saturday, in the Elizaville Cemetery. His isix sons acted as pallbearers Mr. McCord some time ago sustained a fall, which confined him to hishome. Before that he had hardlyknown an hour's illness. His deathwas caused by after-effects of the fallhe received. He was born and raisedin Fleming county, and resided continuously in the home in which "hewas born and where he died.Mr. McCord is survived besides hiswidow, by one brother, Mr. James A.McCord, and two sisters, Mrs. SarahA. Bridges and Mrs. Rose Earles, allof Fleming county, and nine children, Mr. P. J. McCord, of the Parispostoffice clerical force; Mr. L. S.McCord, of Cleveland, Ohio; Mr3.Marshall Biddle, of Newtown; Messrs.V. F. and J. W- McCord, Claude,Ernest and James L. McCord, andMrs. Zadie Hughes, all of Flemingcounty; two grandchildren, Charlesand Leslie Hughes, of Paris.PARKS.News was received here Wednesday of the death of Col. Richard M.Parks, formerly of Carlisle and Paris,who had been an inmate of the Masonic Home at Shelbyville for sometime. Cil. Parks has been in feeblehealth for several months. Hisdeath was due to a general breakingdown of the system.Col. Parks was at one time oneof the wealthiest citizens of Carlisle. and owned a large block ofstock in the Maygville and Lexington: railroad noura part xrf tliL.&N. system. He was for a numberof years a member of the Board of' directors of the road, and was oneof the principal contractors in itsconstruction. 'In after years, with failing healthhe was unsuccessful in the management of. his money and property interests, financial reverses overtakinghim. Col. Parks was the father ofMr. Robert Parks, who managed theWindsor Hotel in Paris for severalyears and who married Miss BessieArmstrong, of Paris, during his residence here. Mr. and Mrs. Parks laterresided at Pineville, where they conducted a fine mountain hotel. Col.Parks was a member of DaughertyLodge No. 65, F. & A. M., of Carlisle, and Carlisle Commandery No18, -K. T.The body was brought to Carlisle,'where the funeral was held in theCarlisle Cemetery at one o'clockWednesday afternoon, xinder the auspices of the Masonic bodies' of Carlisle and vicinity.Mr. Parks is survived by threechildren, Misses Lucy and AvelynParks, of Indianapolis, Ind., and Mr.Forster Parks, of New York, and twosisters, Misses Mattie and BelleParks, of Carlisle.IS 153 TE3LUGGAGEOf all kinds for your summer vacation. Wardrobe trunks a specialty.J. W. DAVIS & CO.Sa ta isSPECIAL REGISTRATION DAY.SATURDAY, JULY 21.To-morrow, Saturday, July 21, willbe general registration day in Bourbon county, in accordance with thestatutes, fourteen days before the primary election. All the voting boothsin Bourbon county will be open during the day in order that everyonemay have the privilege of registeringto vote in the coming primary election on Saturday, August 4.To-day all candidates for all thecity and county offices will be required to file a summary of their expenses incurred during the campaignwith County Clerk Pearce Paton, inhis office at the court house. The expense sheets will be carefully inspected in the Clerk's office, and willbe filed for reference, as a precaution against irregularities.Women will be allowed to vote inthe race for County School Superintendent of Schools. As both sexesare represented in this race in Bourbon county it promises to be a livelyone. Women intending to vote inthis race should register in theirprecincts to-morrow.Ea 15QUIET IN WEBSTER.A letter to Dr. A. H. Keller, ofParis, from his son, Sergt. NewsumKeller, who is in Webster county,stated that the Signal Corps, inwhich he is an officer in Company B,had reached Providence safely, andthat everything is quiet in that region. Sergt. Keller states that the strikers in the coal mines are respectingthe presence of the guards and thatthe Signal Corps has been actinglike old seasoned veterans. TheSignal Corps will remain in Webstercounty some time or until all dangerof further trouble has passed.fe IS feAPPOINTED RECEIVER.Attorney W. S. Kelley, of Georgetown, has been appointed' receiver byJudge A. M. J. Cochran, Receiver inBankruptcy in the case of the LakeView Sanitarium & Hotel Co., at DryRidge.The selection of Mr. Kelley is anadmirable one, which will insure anhonest and conscientious administration of the property for the benefit ofthe creditors. The hotel has been extensively patronized by Bourboncounty peoplemteteGILBERT'S REPORT SHOWS LACKOF ATTENDANCE.State Superintendent of Public Instruction V. O. Gilbert has completedthe first part of his biennial reportwhich shows that there is an annualexpediture of $8,342,857.97 forschool purposes" in Kentucky. One ofthe most discouraging features of thereport is that notwithstanding thevast amount of money spent annuallyfor the education of the children, lessthan one-half of the children in Kentucky attend school, at least the common schools of the State.A GREAT FORTUNE CHEWED UPEACH YEAR.Loud and long are the complaintsof the stringency of the times andthe wails concerning the tightness ofmoney; but these laments are notcoming from the manufacturers ofchewing gum. Neither the war norany other calamity has affected theoutput of this great necessity, "saysthe Popular Science Monthy. The annual imports of chewing gum average about 7,000,000 pounds althoughin 1913 the average reached nearly14,000,000 pounds. Thus it is estimated that $13,000,000 are chewedup annually.fe ISDISINFECTING UNIFORMSThe United States Army has justinvested in six disinfectors for armyclothing, of a new and portable type.These disinfectors are said to be thefirst- that combine large capacitywith portability. Each is capable ofdisinfecting all the clothing of tworegiments in a day. They include aboiler and an air-tight chamberwhere live steam, or formaldehydeand ammonia gas may be used as adisinfecting agent. The importance'of frequent disinfecting of soldiers'clothing at the front can, hardly beoverestimated, as aside from the element of personal comfort to the soldier is greatly reduces the chancesof wound poisoning.to to mYou never can tell. It may remainfor Paris, Ky., and Stanley Young toprove ahe greatest competitor Day-ton, O., and Oryille Wright ever had.vtlDAUGHTERS OF CONFEDERACYTO SEW FOR RED CROSS.The sewing rooms of the RedCross Chapter, at the corner of Mainand Third streets, will be in chargeof the members of Richard HawesChapter, Daughters of Confederacyto-day. They will make garmentsand surgical bandages for the RedCross supply work. The rooms willbe open at nine o'clock, and all themembers who can conveniently doso are requested to be present atthat time, bringing with themneedles, thread, thimbles and theirlunch.CARD OF THANKSMr. and Mrs. Daniel Jordan takethis method of expressing their heartfelt appreciation of the many courtesies extended them during the recentillness and death of their beloveddaughter, Maida. Especially are theyappreciative of the kindly and tenderministrations of loving and sympathetic friends and neighbors duringher last hours. For the many expressions of sincere sympathy thathave, come to them they are trulyand deeply thankful.MR. AND MRS. DAN JORDAN.fe IS 3UNION SERVICES.Union services of all the Protestant churches of Paris will be held atthe Baptist church Sunday night.Rev. W. O. Sadler, pastor of theMethodist church, will deliver thesermon, taking for his subject,"The Old and the New." Serviceswill begin at 7:30 p. m.LOST.On streets of Paris, a child's smalldiamond ring. Finder return toBOURBON NEWS and get suitablereward. (It)For Rent.Beautiful brick cottage on Highstreet. All modern improvements.Apply to(20-) 3t) THE FAIR.Notice To ThePublic!The State law requires that eachchild shall be vaccinated beforeentering school.The law must be enforced. Parents and guardians will please takenotice and govern themselves accordingly. ' By order of theTHE BOARD OF HEALTH,A. H. KELLER,(20-4t) City Health Officer.'ftOLMOR.UIKln.CACCWIND-SAFEPORCH SHADESBeautiful. Effective, Durablek Don't Flap in the WindSaMMJftffiHFrtpaT j?VuAiita A3BrillSummer Goods must go. For the next two weeks we willoffer all Porch Furuiture at a20 Per Cent. DiscountNOW IS YOUR CHANCE !New Iceberg Refrigerators ioMoJi3&5mtKitchen Cabinets and Oil Stoves Any Kind to Suit Your Price!A. F. Wheeler Furniture Co.Main Street CHAS. GREEN, MSr. opp. Court HousPARISFRIDAYDorothy Dalton andCharles Ray in'Back of the Man'Triangle Play.Popular Players in"A Film Exposure"a rollicking snap - shotfarce.Also Pearl White in thefourth episode of "Pearlof the Army" and HearstPathe News No. 53.mComingAttractionsHours-Alamo, 2 to 5:30; Paris Grand,7 to 1 0:30, Admission 5 and 1 0c.AT THEOLD PRICESArk Laundry Soap i a3 bars for 1UCClean Easy Soap ' rper bar )CBest Double Dip Matches cper box 3CBest Flour (7 AHper 100 pounds $I.UUBest Flour tQ Cfiper 48 pounds pJDUBest Flour di j rper24 pounds $1.DIt Pays to D tar At TheBusyBeeCashStoreDOWNGoes AllSummer GoodsPORCH SHADESAND CHAIRSAND ROCKERSMUST GO!GRAND AND ALANDSATUEADYGretchen Hartman and Alan Hale"THE LOVE THIEF"A vivid portrayal of a woman's passion and jealousy. Fox productiondirected by Richard Stanton.MONDAYMargueritedrama,Clark in i. comedyaThe Fortunes of Fifi"Produced by Famous Players. Alsoa Klever Komedy and Paramountpictograph.MflRGOLEN'SBIG SPECIALFor Friday & SaturdayCountry Bacon at25c lb.Pure Hog Lard at23c lb.Sliced Picnic Ham at30c lb.Best Sirloin Steak, per lb 25cBest Roast, per lb 22 l-2cPork Chops, per lb 25cPork Roast, per lb 25cPlate Roast, per lb 17 l-2cMflRGOLEN'SSanitary Meat Market(bOLMOR.WIND-SAFEPORCH SHADESBeautiful. Effective. DurableDon't Flap in the WindKitchenComfortsLet us make your kitchenlike it should be to savetime and work.A Gas Stovewill helpwork.you with your20 Per Cent. Discount--"X'.I-Vv'fS-'JUarVs...-&$i-'7r T "'?FRIDAY, JULY 20, 1917.THE BOURBON NEWS, PARIS, KY.PAGE FIT!CmSOCIAL AND PERSONAL.Comings and Goings, of OurjFOR THE BESTNOTHING ELSETobacco Hail Insurance.Thomas, Woodford & Bryan.fe te fe sr-, HOUSE NUMBERS.House numbers, 5 cents, all kinds,at The Fair. (It)19 15THE SWIMMING CLASSES.Bathers enjoyed another good timeat the Y. M. C. A. gymnasium Tuesday. Two new members were received in the class, Miss Virginia Bosworth and Mrs. Katherine DavisCraig. The young women are becoming very proficient.I9i 1 JWARNING TO MERCHANTS.Merchants and others are herebywarned not to extend credit or openaccount with Dr. Mitchell. Shouldthey do so it will be at their ownlisk and they must assume the responsibility. (It) MRS. HARRIET MINAKER.fe 1 E3REMEMBER THE DATE JULY 21.Don't forget the day, and date ofthe "W. R. Scott sale. An unusual opportunity to secure a handsome home.(13-3t)K3 Ea tsPARIS CLOTHIER SELLS MT.STERLING BUSINESS HOUSEPeople Here, There andElsewhere.The Mt. Sterling correspondence ofthe Lexington Herald has the following concerning a Paris merchant:"At the public sale of the brick business house, corner Main and Maysville streets, owned by Mrs. Anna"Walsh, of Paris, and John J. Walsh,of this city, the property was sold toMrs. Walsh for ?15,000. The twostory residence property located onHigh street was sold to the samepurchaser for $1,570. Both pieces ofproperty were sold under decree ofcourt to settle the partnership."1 la 19DOG-DAYS.For these hot, sultry July and August days a Palm Beach will be cool.Priced at $10.00 and $12.50.J. W. DAVIS & CO.Ta is feBLACKBERRIES! BLACKBERRIES !If you want Blackberries leaveyour order with us and we will fileit and let you know when they arethe cheapest.(It) C. P. COOK & CO.H3 Wi Wfi "-TAKES NEW POSITION.Mr. James Delaney, of Paris, whohas been connected with the Bourbon Garage & Supply Co., for somemonths, has resigned his positionthere, and gone to Carlisle, where nehas been made manager of the MainStreet Garage.Mr. Delaney is one of the most expert auto mechanicc in this section,having worked in the principal factories in Ohio, Detroit, and Flint,Michigan. It has been said of himthat he knows the mechanism of anautomobile as an engineer knows hisengine. He will make a valuable manfor the Carlisle people.sm?s' IT WILL PAY YOU.Watch our windows. Read ourads. Something of interest all thetime.BROOKS & SNAPP DRUG CO.(20-lt)TSi s leiTOBACCOHail Insurance.ROXIE DAVIS.185 i 5SOLDIERS HAVE DEPARTEDMiss Pearl Brown is visitingfriends and relatives in Louisville.Mrs. Margaret Claik, of Lexington, is a guest of Mrs. Custis Talbott.Miss Anna Wilson returned Saturday from a visit to friends in Maysville. Mrs. M. D. Richardson, of Lexington, is a guest of her cousin, Mrs.John Ewalt.Miss Carrie Hanson Rogers, ofGeorgetown, is the guest of MrsRoy Clendenin.Mr. and Mrs. Herndon Waller,and Miss Zillah Dawes have returned from a stay at Boonesboro.The Misses Smith have returnedto their home in Paris, after a visit toMiss Elizabeth Wyatt, in Cynthiana.Mr. Roy Porter and Mr. LovellSamuels, of Maysville, were guestsof Paris friends Saturday and Sunday. Mr. J. L. Dailey, of Red House,Ky., is a guest of his uncle, Dr. M.H. Dailey, and Mrs. Dailey, on Stoneravenue.Mr. and Mrs. D. B. Patton, ofShawhan, left yesterday for Rocky,Oklahoma, to visit their son, Mr. JackPatton.Mrs. J. M. Boland has returnedto her home in Henderson, W. Va.,after a visit to the Misses Jaynes, onHigh street.Miss Mary Clark, daughter ofRev. J. L. Clark, has returned to herhome in Winchester, after a visit toMiss Sara Power.Mr. and Mrs. Wallace Hill havereturned to Livingston, accompaniedby Mrs. George M. Hill, who willmake them a visit.Miss Katherine Marsh has goneto Chautauqua, New York, whereshe will take a course of instructionin Kindergarten work.Miss Margaret Quinlan arrivedfrom Cincinnati yesterday for a twoweeks' visit to her sister, Mrs. GrantOverby and Mr. Overby.Mr. and Mrs. L. I: Smith and twodaughters, of Pensacola, Florida, areguests of Mr. and Mrs. Frank P.Kiser, on Houston avenue.Miss Lillie Horton, of Mt. Sterling, is a guest of her sister, Mrs.Catesby Woodford, Jr., at her homeon the Cane Ridge pike, near Paris.Mrs. Allie Miller Preston, ofAshland, has arrived to be a guest ofher brother, Mr. Bruce Miller, of theKentuckian-Citizen, and other relatives in Paris and the county.Mr. Lee Deaver and several others will leave to-day for Alberta,Canada, where they will assist in harvesting the wheat and flax crops onthe big ranche of E. F. Spears & Sons,of Paris.(Other Personals on Page 3.)IS TS ISEXHIBITION OP GARMENTS FOB,FRENCH RELIEF WORK.An interesting exhibit of garments for the Navy, fracture pillows,infant, clothes, etc., for the FrenchRelief work, will be shown at tneresidence of Mr. Thos. Henry Clay,Sr., at 616 Pleasant street, to-morrowafternoon, Saturday, July 21,from three to six o'clock.These articles have been fashioned by the quick and skilled fingersof the women of Paris, who havebeen sewing for the Red Cross workand a cordial invitation has been extended to all interested in this workto call and inspect the finished workbefore it is sent overseas.Mrs. Frederick .. Wallis requeststhe ladies who have been helping inthe Red Cross knitting for the Navyto send to her at the home of herparents, Mr. and Mrs. Thos. HenryClay, Sr., at 616 Pleasant street,Paris, all finished work and bits ofleft-over yarn, which will be usedfor "The Snipers,'' the juvenile auxiliary to the Red Cross sewing force.IS Es feMR. CLENDENIN RECIVES HIGHHONORS.Mr. Roy Clendenin, Associate General Manager in this district for theNorthwestern Mutual Life InsuranceCompany of Milwaukee, Wis., hasagain been honored by his company.Mr. Clendenin, accompanied by Mr.E. T. Proctor, in charge of the Mays-vine office, has been attending themeeting of agents and managers ofthe Northwestern, held in Milwaukee,this week. It seems that Roy hasbeen unusually busy in the insurance business in Kentucky, and thatin recognition of his success theofficers have bestowed high honorson him. The following telegram toTHE NEWS from Mr. Clendenin,tells the story:"MILWAUKEE, WIS., July 18."BOURBON NEWS, Paris, Ky.The Honor Roll for June showsthat I stand at the head with numberof lives insured in United States.Officers of the company entertainedtwenty-seven men Monday night atdinner, members of Marthon Clubwho wrote 1,000 more men duringpast year. I received a gold medalfor having written one hundred andtwenty-five men, $409,000. Waselected a member of Standing Committee by Association of Agents insession here to-day."R. F. CLENDENIN."SIMON'S JULY CLEARANCE SALENOW GOING ONWe are more than elated over this Clearance, because it meets the needs ofthe day for saving and service so admirably. Offerings like these at this time areso unusual the supremacy of values will be instantly approved. Come and beconvinced. .TME FAIRHouse Number, each 5c.Fly Paper, 10 Sheets for 10c.WindowScreens, each 38c.Writing Paper, high-grade, linenfinish, put up 6 sheets in a package,a great bargain at lc a package.July Clearance ofMillineryTremendous reductions inAll our Trimmed Hats atthis department.LESS THAN HALE PRICE!s:Clearance Specials inHANDKERCHIEFSLadies' 5c Handkerchiefs. . .Ladies' 10c Handkerchiefs.Ladies' 15c Handkerchiefs.Ladies' 20c HandkerchiefsLadies' 25c Handkerchiefs...2c..4c..8c12c19cWomen's Handsome TailoredLadies' $15.00 Suits at.Ladies' $20.00 Suits at,$7.50 I Ladies' $25.00 Suits at$9.95 I Ladies' $30.00 Suits at$12.50$14;50Women's Summer Dresses$6.50 and $7.50 Dresses at $4.75$10.00 Dresses at $7.75$15.00 Dresses at $ 1 1 .98$45.00 Dresses at$20.00 Dresses at$25.00 Dresses at$30.00 Dresses at$29,50$15.75$19.75$24.50THE FAIROrders to proceed to the mobilization camp at Lexington reached themembers of Col B of the SecondKentucky Guard, who have been stationed here since the war scare began, guarding bridges on the Louisville & Nashville, this week.The detail, under the command ofCapt. J. V. Gross, has been quartered in the basement rooms of thecourt house. They relieved the members of the Signal Corps, who had'been assigned here on the same business. They entrained for Lexingtonat two o'clock Tuesday afternoon, andare now a part of the soldier life ofthat village, while the court house isdeserted and a few feminine heartshave ceased to be entranced by themen in khaki.It is understood that the men ofmartial mein have been replaced byeither United States Deputy Marshalsor by private guards employed by therailroad company.-pa is mTIN CANS.We have the stock and the rightprices on Tin Cans.(It) C. P. COOK & CO.1ES IS lATTENTION. MERCHANTS!The grocers and meat merchantsof Paris are requested to meet inthe County Court room in the courthouse on next Monday night, July23, at 7:30 o'clock for the consideration of important matters affectingtheir business interests.The subjects of early closing andcredit ratings for customers will beamong other things to be discussed.It is proposed to devise ways andmeans to protect tne mercnamsagainst the operations of "deadbeats" ana" to perfect a system whereby the credit business may be safeguarded. It is earnestly requested that allthe grocers and ,meat market andmeat handlers be represented at themeetiag, a only by concerted actionof all concerned 'caa. 'good result.RememlMr atx tfee County Courtroom. -st T:t o'clock iiext Koadayereming, July 23.AUCTION SALE.Bight room up-to-date residence onMain Street, between TwelfthStreet and Thirteenth Street, Saturday, July 21, at 2:30 p. m.(13-3t)IS IBS 1E3EPWORTH LEAGUE BANQUET.At the Methodist Church at eighto'clock last night the.members of theEpworth League gathered around thebanquet table, where besides enjoying the good things provided by theladies for the refreshment of thephysical being, a business meetingalso formed part of the program.Mr. Dennis V. Snapp, president ofthe League, presided. Reports fromthe delegates who attended tne recent meeting of the State Conferenceof the League, at Shelbyville, Mr.Finnell Galloway, Mr. Dennis V.ci ivriceoc Sn.ra.h Power. VellaOJ-ltVPJ m.mtJ'O p --,Mastin, Mabel Galloway and Fran-ces Hancock, were presented and approved. Plans for the year's workand the adoption of a budget wereoutlined at the meeting.Green Peas Green BeansHead Lettuce TomatoesCucumbers OkraEgg Plant CymlinsBlackberriesPeachesWatermelons CantaloupesCelerySTEAKS CHOPSROASTSFresh Rolls . Fresh BreadFresh CakesEvery DayWILMOTHGrocery Co.Phone 376iClearance Specials in CoatsLadies' $7.50 Coats at.' $4.99Ladies' $10.00 Coats at $6.98Ladies' $15.00 Coats at $9.98Ladies' $20.00 Coats at $ 1 2.50Ladies' $25.00 Coats at $ 1 9.75Clearance Specials in SilkSweaters.Misses' and Ladies' $10.00Silk Sweaters at $7.50Misses' and Ladies' $12.50Silk Sweaters at $9.98THIS SALE IS STRICTLY CASHStore Closes at 5 P. M. Except SaturdayClearance Specials inMuslinWear75c Muslin Gowns at 59c$1.00 Muslin Gowns at 79c$1.50 Muslin Gowns at 98c$2.00 Muslin Gowns at $ 1 .39$2.50 Muslin Gowns at $ 1 .6935c Muslin Pants at 29c50c Muslin Pants at 39c$1.00 Muslin Pants at 79c$1.25 and $1.50 Muslin Skirts at 98c$3.00 Muslin Skirts at $1.48$2.50 Muslin Skirts at $1.9850c Corset Covers at 39c75c Corset Covers eat 59c$1.00 Corset Covers at 79c$1. 50 Corset Covers at $1,19Princess Slips and Combination Suits at Half Price.$1.00 values at . . .50c $2.00 values at. .$l-0f$1.50 values at. . . .75c $2.50 values at. .$1.25$3.00 values at $1-50HARRY SIMONThe Store with One Price to Everybody.White EnamelPorcelainWeather -Proofis lsa isTENT MEETING TO RESUME.The tent meeting which has heenin progress in the Kosedale Additionand which was temporarily suspended will be resumed next Sunday afternoon. The tent has been removedto the Bourbon College grounds,where the services will be held.Evangelist E. O. Hobbs, who has re4...,q ftviTYi n visit to his family atT.flmn m.. will nreach. Services wiirbe held every night until furthernotice. The public is cordially invited.TS isGLORIOJJS RAINS HEARTEN THE"Glorious" rains this week havsgladdened the farmers and gardenersand put, new life into wilting vegetation. Corn, tobacco and r gardenstuff are all making rapid - growth.The welcome ralng,will be the meansof 'producinVthouaand of barrels ofcorn.HouseNumbersMade to Order,wC. A. DaughertyriPari$, KAtickH,vlKaltexPorch Furniture!You Wish YOUR PORCH to Look the BEST. KALTEXFURNITURE Will Accomplish This For You.We have at last received this line of Chairs and Swings in the beautifulBaronial Brown. Every piece is practically indestructible, as every one is built onwire and the joints reinforced with steel braces. We show you one pattern here,but have many in stock to show you.Porch and Lawn Swings, RefrigeratorsVnrtnr Invrntlnij ami Ptntn ZZZTZZT ZZZZ lf 'XVudor Porch Shades are the Best!THEJ.T.HINTOJVCO.MOTOR HEARSEMOTOR INVALID COACHUNDERTAKINGtKEITMERPHOiNE" 36ft ".yf,, -jSIXTH AND MAIN STS,JtVIu-4. sr.THE BOURBON NEWS, PARIS, KY.FRIDAY, JUIiTMO, lttfr7 -X- '- " " ;,lJam1UrtFOUNDFound, on my farm near theCounty Infirmary about July 1, onelarge hog. Owner can obtain his orher property by proving same andpaying charges of keep and advertising. ROY ENDICOTT,Cumb. Phone 123,Millersburg Ex.LOSTEither on the Chautauqua groundsqr on the streets in the vicinity, Saturday, an opal set from a fingerring. Highly valued as a souvenir:Finder will be suitable rewarded byleaving at this office. (10-tf)VARIETY THE 'SPIGE OF SUMMER FASHIONSSERVICE SUITS IN MILITARYSTLYES MAKE TrTFiITt ENTRY.ORGANDIE TRIMS SILK PROCKS.For Sale.Several used automobiles. Thesecars are all in good .condition and canb bought right for cash.DICKERSON & DOUGLAS GARAGE.3-tf)FOR SALEA good 6-year-old gelding. Gooddriver, perfectly gentle, not afraid ofanything. Will stand without hitching. Can be bought at a bargain.E. M. WHEELER,(22-tf) Eighth and Main, Paris, Ky.Wool Wanted.We are in the market for your wool.Get your sacks at the IndependentTobacco Warehouse.' (1-tf) CLARK & YOUNG.OLD BRICK FOR SALEFifteen thousand old brick, partof the old Presbyterian Church, forsale on the building lot.BUILDING COMMITTEE,Presbyterian Church.LOST.At the L. & N.. Tenth Street passenger station in Paris, or on thestreets of Paris, a silver mesh bagcontaining, .two. .tickets to Maysville,a Ting, a photo ofa young girl, and$2 in currency. Finder please returnto this office and receive reward.Farms For Sale!Write for full description of finelimestone farm of 125 acres 4-milefrom good railroad town and firstgrade school. Price, $100 per acre.Also have others.S. J. JONES,(13-3t) Harmersville, Ohio.Scrap Iron Wanted.I am paying fifty cents per hundredfor all kinds of scrap iron. Not leasthan 1,000 pounds. This material canb weighed at any city scales. This !to be relivered to the cars on the Louisville & Nashville tracks, oppositthe freight depot.Call us over the Cumberland 'phonJ47-J.MAX MUNICH, (Eighth Street, Paris, Ky.(ctM-lyr)Public Sale!DESIRABLE HABP STREET RESIDENCESATUEDAY, JULY31, 1917,.At 2:30 P. M., O'clock.We, as Agents for W. It. Scott, willsell at Public Auction on the abovedate, on the premises, his handsome2-story frame residence, situated onMain Street, between Twelfth andThirteenth Streets. House containseight rooms, two porches, presses,bath complete, gas, cellar; cistern,large garden and garage. Lot, 54x237 feet.This is a splendid opportunity tosecure a handsome home, situated inone of the best resident districts ofParis, close to churches and schoolsand convenient down-town.Positive sale.TERMS Easy and made known onday of sale.For particulars call on the undersigned, who will take pleasure inshowing property.HARRIS & SPEAKES.(13-3t)NEW YORK, July 19, 1917."Variety is the spice of life," saidsome one at some time so long agothat the saying' has become a proverb. It is true, whether it be inscene, environment, in fashion, or iafood. Variety is one thing which wepossess in fashions this season; variety in-"Silhouettes, in materials, intrimmings. Smart clothes range indesign from the high waisted stylesof the First Empire, through fluffyfrills of the Mid-Victorian era anddraperies almost pannier-like, "pegtops," and last but not least, straighthanging models which are comparedto the Egyptian garments of a veryancient dynasty. They range fromsicCall yfaMF(w fProfessional Cards.DR.WM. KENNEYEye, Ear, Note and Throat.ROMS 4M04.FIRST NATL BANK BUILDING.PHONE 111.WM. GRANNANAtttraey-at-XawROOMS 401-40CFIRST NAT'L BANK BUILDINGHeather Jersey Develops This Military Modelthe smartest of low-necked eveningfrocks of silk and satin to the simplest of ginghams, and from these tothe trimmest of service suits.Under the name of -service suitscome a number- of military modelsof which the sketch illustration is agood example. Instead of beingmade of khaki this suit is made ofheather jersey, which is a color mixture in which brown is fleeced withdeep pink, green and lavender. Aninverted pleat in the back of thecoat adds to its style.Another military model which Isaw very recently departed widelyfrom the military in its development,for it was made entirely of balsamgreen tussur, a reminder of greenleaves and cool breezes in a RobinHood forest.Althoguh every one's mind is running more or less toward serving thecountry and very naturally towardcostumes which would be practicalfor any task that one might choose,there are also charming frocks forother occasions.Taffeta and Foulard FrocksTaffeta and foulard f rocks are arequirement of every woman's wardrobe whether she has a large or asmall one, ior a dress of either o.fthese materials' is always ready to.wear; it does not gp to the laundry.and is not J: eazed by -fogs and dewsl-Although Jtaffeta and foulard can.not in themselves be said to be newthis season, their trimmings of organdie make them seem so. Frills,bands and facings of organdie givean ariness to these frocks which issummery and cool. Satin is also being trimmed with organdie. In factthis might be called an organdie season, for it does its "bit" on silks andsatins as well as on the humble gingham. In the second sketch is shown afrock of soft plaid tafletawith collar,lapel facing and pockets on waistand ,on skirt of white organdie. Thecollar is trimmed with rows of handrun stitching of heavy silk in thecolors of the plaid.-JByery once in a while some ingenious person,' running out of newideas, dips back into her childhoodfor something old to be made new.In some such way as this the rickrack braid of years ago has reappeared on very modern dresses, especially that all-popular, all-praotical gingham frock. xSometimes ittrims collars and xuffH sometimes Itedges tucks besides, wifeWsagain it Isadded to the bottom orja Iskirt.Black Lingerie NextIn Paris, it is said that the girlsonce wpking in1 Jhe5 laundries , haveabandoned them for work in the munition, plants. To this is attributed,the popularity of black lingerie. Ye3I said it, black lingerie! Black corsets, chemises and - even- black 'combinations. Silk voile, crepe de Chineand pongee seems to be the materials 'largely' employed also the glovesilk which has been so popular inwhite and the dainty colors. Ablack combination which I saw displayed in the window of an exclusiveA Smart Frock of Taffeta and Organdie shop had a corset cover of silk voileand a triple skirt of soft silk. Thecorset cover was emproidered inblack but had pink ribbon strapsover the shoulders."French embroidered lingerie nowhas a rival in the Filipino hand-embroideredgarments. These latterhave been growing in popularity, andsince the war and the scarcity aswell as high cost of the French underwear there has been a swervingtoward fthe revival of hand embroidery. Low-Heeled Sports Shoes"With sports clothes, service suitsand simplicity frocks comes suitablefootwear. Low-heeled half shoeswith sensible lasts are worn foesports. Some of these shoes havespring heels, others have heels threequarters of an inch high, vand oftenthe soles and heels are of rubber.This does not mean that the footcomes in contact with the rubber,however, for there is a thickness ofleather between the outside sole andthe foot. White is worn a great dealfpr summer. 3ray is very fashionableand, of course, brown and black arestandard.For wearing with elaborate afternoon frocks are low shoes with highheels, either French or Cuban-Louis." m-1 mTHE TEST THAT TELLSIs The Test of Time Many ParisPeople Have Made This Test.Years ago this Paris citizen told ina public statement, the benefit derived from Doan's Kidney Pills. Thastatement is now confirmed thetestimony complete. Instances likethis are numerous. They doublyprove the merit of Doan's KidneyPills. Can any Paris reader Remand more convincing proof? It'sParis testimony it may be investigated. Mrs. G. "Wl Newman, E. TenthStreet, Paris, says: "I had backaches and headaches and. at times Iwas nervous. My kidneys wereweak and inactive. Doan's .KidneyPills made me well."Mrs. Newman gave the above account of her experience with Doan'sKidney Pills on January 17, 1912,and on November 9, 1&16, 'she said:"I still uset Doan's Kidney Pills at.times, when I find it necessary. IJhave .always received the same goodresults, although I do not have somuch trouble now as I used to,"P0ce6Oc, at all dealers. Don't'simply ask for a kidney remedy getDoan's Kidney Pills the same thatMrs. Newman has twice publicly recommended. Foster-Milburn Co.,Props., Buffalo, N. Y. (adv)1 IS iGOOD YIELD OP POTATOES.A. T. Rogers, one of the big potato growers in the Arkansas Riverbottom near Muskogee, Okla., hassold the output from his 260 acrefarm for $2.80 a bushel, giving hima net profit of $80,000. The landwill be planted in a second crop.Potatoes in this neighborhood areyielding 125 bushels .to the acre.CATTSEOFl DESPONDENCY. 'Despondency, is often caused byindigestion and constipation, andquickly disappears when Chamberlain's Tablets are taken. These tablets strengthen the digestion andmove the bowels.(adv-July)SPEEDY CONSTRUCTION.All records for quick building workare said to have heenbroken in running up the new irainjngantonmentat the Presido near "-Sari FraaciscoSan Francisco lumber firms gdt together and delivered two and a halfmillion feet of lumber in three days.Over 600 carpenters and helpers built210 buildings in 4 8 days. -"VtfenVtopspeed was reached midway oh" thejob & new building was finished everythirty minutes. Tuilinga-arepermanent,' modern, sanitary and adequate. v p -"RELIEVED ME OFMY RHEUMATISfffFranklin County Woman Tells. What Tanlac Did.HER MOTHER ADVISED TONIC"I have received more genuine relief from Tanlac than from anythingelse I have ever taken for rheumaticpains," declared Mrs. Fannie Bridgesof Thorn tHlll precinct, Franklin county, in talking about the benefits shereceived from Tanlac."I suffered from rheumatic pains forseveral years," she continued, "and mymother, Mrs. Louvisa Griggs of Madison county, insisted that I take Tanlac. I at last concluded to try it andtook only one bottle. I have receivedmore genuine relief from its use thananything I have ever taken."Thousands of others have come outpublicly and said that Tanlac relievedthem of pains and aches. It Is a purely vegetable tonic, designed x to buildup run down people. Sour stomach,which causes bloating and belching,dizzy spells, headaches, sleeplessnessand that general tired out feeling, allare signs that the system needs atonic.Tanlac can now be bought herefrom Varden & Son.GREAT ARTILLERY PROGRAMFOR UNITED STATES.A great artillery program for thewar against Germany will be provided for in the coming $3,000,000,000 general deficiency appropriationbill, to be considered by the HouseAppropriations Committee. Of thetotal, approximately $2,000,000,000are to be asked to provide for bigguns, ammunition and equipment foruse in the event of another call forthe men in addition to those to bedrafted this summer.E3 C3 estDOING GOOD.Few medicines have met withmore favor or accomplished moregood than Chamberlain's Colic andDiarrhoea Remedy. John F. Jantzen,Delmeny, Sask., says of it, "I haveused Chamberlain's Colic and Diarrhoea Remedy myself an,d in myfamily, and can recommend it as being an exceptionally fine preparation." (adv-July)We Know You'll WonderHow We Do ItBut how or why shouldn't matter. The talk of the town:Palm Beach Suits(the genuine article) in all colors and atyles, 8.50 to$10.00 values, goingat ig7 95You'll have to hurry, because they're going fast.SURPRISE SPECIAL No. 2All Our $2.00 and $2.50 Straw Hats M ACfor men, your choice rSee our windows, then hurry injwhile the pickiag is good.TWIN BROS.Clothing and Shoe Dept.L. Wollsteii, PropMACHINE GUNS ON NEW YORKSKYSCRAPERS.A thousand machine guns, a majority of them to be mounted on smallautomobiles, may be added to the 'defense of New York. The plan call3for 750 small motor cars, eachmounting a machine gun, to be subject to call on short notice, theother 250 machine guns to be mounted on the roofs of tall buildings.Tenants and employes of the building would form the crews while theowners of the automobiles would beexpected to volunteer their servicesas drivers and gunners.15i s aCHAMBERLAIN'S COLIC AND DIARRHOEA REMEDY.Now is the time to buy a bottle ofthis remedy so as to be prepared incase that, any onB of your familyshould have an attack of colic ordiarrhoea during the summer months.It is worth a hundred times Its costwhen needed.$ (adv-july)OPPORTUNITY!Mr. R. F. Clendenin, Associate General Agent forthe Northwestern Mutual Life Insurance Company, inone day recently, sold $100,000 worth of life insuranceover local and long distance lines of the Home TelephoneCompany and because of such an amount of businessaccumulated in one day, he divides the honors with usfor the efficient telephone service rendered. This is asplendid record for both Telephone and Insurance Companies. Mr. Clendenin says; "The service I get from yourCompany is all that I could.ask, and on the closing dayof my campaign I used ft" with wonderful success.' 'Such an opportunity in facilitating business shouldbe grasped by the public in general in employing co-operation,efficiency and confidence.-iParts. Home Telephone s Telegraph Co.(Incorporated)J., J. VBATCH, District Maner.W.-H. CANNON THOMAS K. SMITH.Local Manager. Cashier.A MAN AND HIS WIFEyMany a man whose marriage wasthe result of love at' first sigf;wlshesthat he had 'been blessed "with' thegift of second sight.HNWi lm HI tin '555SHPfi I 'X ill ' in 111 'LEVY, THE -Cumberland Phone 40may both derive saiisfactionby having their worn and soiledgarments cleaned by us. Thecost is nominal, while .the pleasure of wearing old clothes thathave the appearance of new, inconjunction with the knowledgethat you are effecting a greatving, must - surely satisfy you.i A phone brings us.DRY CLEANERHome Phone 1692T4WSSSBE-! . - 1IfHHHunPHK Vif Kilt. wmJBmKUHK- XkS5 Ashevillej9HXl 'WWfs' ChattanoogaIfljKL P NiagaraJFallsIjBWj' 1 f Thousand Islands.J WHS m Atlantic SeashoreiftfiP "PilferUni&X ::r-:c:s:.r::::i::l.::"- -Vv-B.'VSV X Lranvr yBiHiaiiiPiiW - i1???a Af J my vw rriicicComfort Awaits YouA retreat from the monotony of every daybusiness cares away from the crowds whereyou can stretch out and take things easy.There are many of these quiet shady hatiats to be found atNew EnglandCanadaChautauquaMichigan andGreat Lakes ResortsLOW ROUND TRIP TICKETS ON SALE DAILYGood returning until October 3 1st.Each, location Jias. distinct natural attractions for recreationin addition to the popular 'open air pastimes.W shall berpleasedito arrange the details of your trip.Consultyour local .ticket agent, or addressH. t. KING, Umsipsseger Ajtjl,T'iUOw, , j'.CKfil, ittnrilMbm m -dMUIfc-ti, W:X- '-. ---zrijm.:. mzn &aFRIDAY, JULYO, 1917.ANNOUNCEMENTS"UP TO'AMERICA TOWAR."WIN THE1uWe are authorized to announce tkmopd. Democrats below as candidiataAt the Democratic primary on Aufuit4, 1917, to fill the offices to whichthey aspire:FOR STATE SENATORLEE WAINSCOTT,Clark County.GEORGE HON,Clark County.ABRAM RENICK,Clark County.FOR REPRESENTATIVE.C. M. THOMASFOR SHERIFF.WILL G. McCLINTOCK,vr',111 Doc Marshall and Bob Gilkey asdeputies.L. A. SOPER,With D. E. Clarke and L. C. Ashcraftas deputies.FOR COUNTY JUDGE.GEORGE BATTERTONc a. McMillan.FOR COUNTY ATTORNEYDAVID D. CLINE.WM. GRANNAN.-COUNTY SUPERINTENDENTSCHOOLS.J. B. CAYWOOD.MISS MABEL ROBBIN&OFFOR JAILERGEO. W. JUDY.THOS. TAUL,JOHN H. DOTY,WALKER RISER,C. T. MASTERSON,W. O. BUTLER,JOHN W. KING,J. W. HART.FOR ASSESSORWALTER CLARK,f Paris, with Jno. J. Redmon, of NorthMlddletown, as deputy.GEO. D. SPEAKES,I Paris, with Lee R. Craven, of LittleRock, at Deputy.POK, MAGISTRATE.W. J. McWHORTERCenterville Precinct.JOHN S. WIGGINSHutchison Precinct.C. D. WILSONRuddles Mills Precinct.FOR MAYORW. O. HINTONE. B. JANUARYFOR POLICE JUDGECLAUDE F. REDMON,J. W. BROWN,P. A. THOMPSONHARRY L. MITCHELL.ERNEST MARTINFOR CHIEF OF POLICE.JAMES H. MORELAND.W. FRED LINK.TOR COUNCILMAN.ITRST WARD.T. J. KISER.JOHN CHRISTMANJOHN MERRINGERW. T. BROOKSTHOS. G. MORRIS.SECOND WARD,S. K. NICHOLS,J. J. VEACHJOHN ARKLE.FRANK BURTON.THIRD WARDGEO. DOYLEParis Home SchoolWill Open Rfiuuuujr9 ucpiciuuci j, xxMrs. W. A. Harp, Director.Miss E. D. Giltner, Director ofMusic. sagl tj ..You Don't Have toStoopIf You Use aGarlandCabinetRangeA beautiful line of Garlands on dlafclay. Cmc In and look them over.Par$55is & Electric Co;. (Iacoryraiitt)Speaking at a patriotic demonstration by the Benevolent and ProtectiveOrder of Elks on Boston Commons,in Boston, Mass., United States Senator James Hamilton Lewis, ofIllinois, declared that every dollar of.America and every American had rallied to the colors in the war againdtGerman oppression. "The hourknows no excuse nor forgives desertion nor even condones treason," hesaid. "Loyalty and service is thecall of your country and victory forAmerica is the order of heaven.""Had Prussia," Mr. Lewis said,"overcome France and Russia, thenbeaten Britain, she would have captured the navies of he allies andbombarded every American coast city.It was but a matter of time whenthe United Sates would have to fightfor its life."The test had to come. The issuebetween the one successful Republican form of government and the onemost powerful Imperial Governmentwas sure to be; both could not existin supremacy in the same sphere ofactivities and influence. Germanychose to begin the assault. It is forAmerica to end it. Should Germanmilitarism conquer, American democracy must die and freedom allover the world perish. If America.wins, as conquer she must, Germanwar autocracy withers and passesforever. Freedom for the Germanpeople, justice for the German .landand humanity for all on earth, guided by the flame of democracy, willmarch as conquerers of oppressionand bestowers of Christian libertythroughout the world."IS IS EaTHE CROP OP 1917.The enormous totals of the forecasted American crops include wheat,barley, oats and potatoes which areamong the crops already largelymade. They include corn which isthe hardiest of all grain crops andwhich never has been a failure inAmerica as a whole. Corn is grownvery widely and if a drought catchesit in one season it is not likely tobe so caught in another.Older Kentuckians recall the August flood of the Ohio river some fiftyyears ago which killed the corn cropof the bottom lands. The impressionwas that corn would be high as a result of the flood. Many other streamswere flooded at the time ihe Ohio wasout of its banks and the valley cropwas pretty hard hit, but so great wasthe crop on higher ground that theprice of corn was not affected."We have had favorable weathermost of the season. Nothing short ofa record breaking and very generaldrouth would" cut down the estimatedlate maturing crops. If may be considered that the farmers of Americahave done their bit nobly and successfully while Congress has beenjawing about prohibition instead ofenacting a food bill.IS t3 ISU S. WHISKY IN GERMANY MAYBE COOTISCATED.With 7,000 barrels of whisky stored in warehouses in various cities ofGermany and the United States atwar with Germany, distillers in theState of Kentucky, owners of thewhiskv, are concerned as to theirproperty and on the outcome of thowar, inasmuch as victory or defearwill decide the question of indemnity.The whisky was shipped across theAtlantic before the war began for thepurpose of sale after released frombond. Government agents assert,however, that these foreign shipments were made chiefly for the purpose of avoinding the payment of theGovernment tax of $1.10 a gallon immediately after manufacture, exportshipment being exempt from thisNow, however, it is feared by thedistillers that, a state of war havingcome about between the United Statesand Germany, tne latter couuuj ,jconfiscate the property."CARRY YOUR OWN."The Commercial Economv Board ofthe Council of National Defense ismaking a determined effort to awaked the entire nation to the waste mman-power that our extensive andexpesive parcel delivery methods involve There, are enough able-bodiedmen engaged in delivering parcels forretail stores to make a fair-sizedarmy, says the Board. Buyers every-whereare urged to can" "parcelscan thehome, as in tnis wy j,-n "ho remedied, uuuu-C V 11fordeliveries-narttftjres XOU ucavjdoavou to carry,urges tne rumm,not ask tou,-r o TrrTn-nrus3ii "ULVC w w--'sent" m a,able-bodieddime's wortn oi omuuaT.iinlr TriPTlTied by tWOmen.. -fa is isSHIP-BUILDING IN DIXIE.The demand for ships has resultedin the growth of a new ship-buildingi,cirt in the South. There arei j. rrn -.mocolc nnw in COUrse Of.construction in the South Atlanticand Gulf States, and the number iconstantly increasing. mei wuu.So be a considerable future forthe business in this section, as longas the demand is for wooden hullb,for all necessary lumper k -"available within easy distance ui.docks. Thus a numoer oi smybeing built in iew uneu cuw.jof Louisiana timber Louisiana oak,pine and cypress being the onlywoods used.pa ?s PsENDL"F.QCI LETTER CHAIN TKT CON-SERVATiujU-ajyiriuixwApproval has been given by thefood administration, to an endlesschain economic pledge letter put intocirculation by a conservation enthusiast. Housewives who have not received the regulation cards are askedto sign the pledge in the letter if itcomes to them, send it to the administration's food conservation sectionhere and forward copies to theirfriends.A dead lion is better than, a liveog for rug making purposes.yIIfir"ufZiAMERICA TO CRUSH GERMAN SPY..SYSXEST. . .The unsuccessful submarine attackon the ships of the American expeditionary force -has revived spy -rumorsin the capital and will result ineven more stringent measures tocloak the movement of military forces from the enemy.Discussion of possible spy activities took many angles. Some officials were inclined to believe thatthe Germans must have had a warning of the definite time agreed on forthe crossing, but others discredit anysuch theory, arguing that an attackought; to have been expected as anatural consequence of the generalknowledge that was common property. There were indications - that theDepartment of Justice might be asked to undertake an investigationwhen army and navy reports on theincident were complete. At the navydepartment it was said that all theinformation which had come throughwas contained in Secretary Daniels'statement, telling how the expeditionhad encountered two attacks? one ofthem before reaching "thL placeagreed on as a rendezvous with Ad-miral Sims' American destroyers, andIliad successfully fought off .the" V-p"j sz m -,oAe Most Beautiful Car inbnedcafor thePaigeA Prophesy of Particular Interest to Prospective Motor Car BuyersThe Paige, is practically the ,last to raise prices. We have stoodt the material raises patiently. At last we confront theinevitable.However, you will observe in reading Paige prices below that in' no instance has the- increase been more .'than lOO-althoughsome cars in the same relative price class as the Page now cost$200 morelthan heretofore.We are able to give Paige purchasers 'this discrimination becausethey are getting the benefit of the prices at which we boughtlarge quantities of materials on contract months ago.This advance in the prices now asked for Paige cars by no meanscovers the actual increase in the cost of materials. The PaigeDetroit Motor Car Company is still making a substantial sacrifice in offering Paige cars at these prices.These Paige cars are therefore more remarkable values than everbefore and the Paige, you know, has always led the field invalues.There has been no compromise in Paige quality, no juggling of theI factors, little or big, that have won Paige leadership. Not oneiota has the Paige standard been lowered.In view of these facts, Paige cars remain at the. present prices thegreatest dollar for dollar value the market affords.However, the market for materials is rising steadily. The costproducing a car ot Paige quality continues to soar. We estimate that we have enough materials contracted for and onhand to permit us to maintain present prices for approximately60 to 90 days. When this supply of materials is exhausted, itvwill then, obviously, be necessary for us to raiseprices, and eventhen Paige prices will be raised only in proportion to the increased' prices of materials on new contracts.Our one anxiety, as has always been our policy, is to give Paigepurchasers every protection and consideration. We desire to. Jje frank and give fair warning.The price problem, however, is never a determining factor in theprogress of the Paige in winning the preference and confidenceof the public. The Paige has always won its way independentof price tags and artificial labels of price class.We have always refused and will always refuse to raise Paigeprices beyond the actual increased cost of materials.Therefore, now, as before, you will select the Paige because of itsmechanical excellence, its beauty and its supreme quality.Paige Prices In Effect Today:Stratford "Six-51" seven-passenger $1595 f. o. h. DetroitFairfield "Six-46" seven-passenger ?1450 f. o. b. DetroitLinwood "Six-39" five-passenger $1260 f. o. b. DetroitBrooklands "Six-51" four-passenger $1795 f. o. b. DetroitDartmoor "Six-39" 2 or 3 passenger $1260 f. o. b. DetroitSedan "Six-39" five-passenger $1875 f. o. b. DetroitSedan "Six-51" seven-passenger. $2400 f. o. b. DetroitTown Car "Six-51" seven-passenger $2850 f. o. b. DetroitLimousine "Six-51" sevtn-passenger '$2850 f. o. b. DetroitPaige - Detroit Motor Car Company, Detroit, MichiganF. P.Tll,-.m..mm 0. ! ! ftMOoSERVICEboats and had destroyed at least oneof them.There was little inclination anywhere to attach blame for the attackto any official act of the war or navydepartments.It was pointed out that the movement overseas was conducted withunusual secrecy considering the largenumber of men affected and that theutmost precautions were taken afterthe ships were at sea to make thetime of their arrival, on the other sideconjectural, even to any personknowing the hour of departure.Officials said, however, that if finalreports on the crossing aroused anysuspicion of defects in the government machinery for maintainingsecrecy about such operations, theimmediate remedial steps would betaken." a ts aA Bourbon county woman reada paper recently in which she advocates a law prohibiting personsI from marrying who are unfit for matrimony. The trouble is they neverfind it out until after theyare married. Ifc the report is true that theKaiser is suffering with chillsr, woventure to say every man in Bourboncountyhopethey go to his feet.ProtectionPurchasersWHITEl?Aiirtli anil Hirl Ctrtc DsrlcilfvSTATIONProtectYour EyesFrom the heat and dust, withour Goggles and Shades!;We have asortment.with yourcomplete as-Don't trifleeyesight. Itis the mostvaluableFor firstgift of nature.class service, see us-We Fit WhereOthers FailFRYE & FRANKLINDOCTORS OF OPTOMETRYDew ikff., jh. Winds HettlmofM Imm-mzmm-2NHqfluarfsiM&kqsMx.-.mcomplete ;V'THERE'S a heap of joyin a ton of good coal.Your stove or furnacewon't have much troublefrom extracting comfortfrom a ton of coal if youbuy it from us. Our rapiddelivery will please you.W. C. D0DS0NSouth Main St.nf H ro " fZskfHI fJkO gwvty ks .cccsmmGW ! Ii i.i5f " i V-t'Av v"V V1.',r, :THE BOURBON NEWS, PARIS, ;EY.TRIIU.Y, JUIT ,. ItiT.PAGE EIGHT--Ikfci5.V-t 4V-V'"sT- t-izt- -i-xMILLERSBURGMrs. Barnette, of Lebanon, is thenest of Mrs. J. D. Redd.Mrs. W. V. Shaw, of Paris, visited friends here Wednesday.Miss Josephine Leer is visitingher cousin, Mrs. 0. P. Carter, at Paris.Miss Aleta Wilson is very ill.Mrs. J. P. Redmon continues to improve. Miss Mary Bruce Redd is visitingher sister, .Mrs. E. D. Driskell, atWorthville.Mr. D. P. Jones and little son,"Wadsworth, were in Cincinnati,Tuesday and Wednesday.Mrs. K. B. Hutchings, of Lexington, is the guest of her mother,Mrs. Belle Taylor, and family.Miss Georgia McDaniell, who isattending the Eastern KentuckyState Normal, spent the week-end athome.Mr. and Mrs. R. C. Bonar anddaughters, Misses Bernice and Dorothy Bonar, left Thursday for a visitto relatives in Missouri.Mrs. R. L. Buffington has returned to her home at Wheeling, W. Va.,after a few weeks' visit to her sister, Mrs. W. M. Miller.Miss Christine Patterson left.Tuesday to enter Smith's BusinessBuy an Edison!Get the Best There'sOnly One !. ir-. sl:iiii po IIt IIThe New Edison gets and givesall the artist rendered just asthe artist gave it."There's only ONE best; thatONE is the Edison." (Harger&Blish.)Overtone, in music, is comparable with seasoning in food; Edison alone gives all the overtones:the seasoning.OBERDORFERSole Agent for Bourbon County(July 6-lm)College at Lexington for a course instenography and bookkeeping.Mr. and Mrs. C. R. Carringtonleft Monday for their home at Ravenna, after spending a few dayswith her parents, Mr. and Mrs. J. F.McDaniell.Mr. G. S. Allen and sister, Mrs.Frankie Cook, left Monday for a visitto their brothers, Messrs. J. K. andS. R. Allen, and families, at Winchester. The Misses Woods have entertained the following during theweek: Mrs. M. G.' Asbury and MissElla Dwire, of Ft. Thomas; Mrs. Geo.McCrea, of Jackson, Louisiana.Miss Alberta Moffett entertainedthe following young ladies with anelaborate dining Monday in honor ofher guest, Miss Mable Sullivan, ofTaylorsville; Misses Martha Smith,Louise Myall, Agnes Wadell, VirginiaShanklin, Amelia Hurst, Georgia McDaniell, of Millersburg; Misses AliceIngels, of Eminence, and GladysBryson, of Carlisle.Mr. G. W. Johnson has purchased from Mrs. Patty Lamb, of Birmingham, Ala., the house and lot nowoccupied by Mr. and Mrs. Mack Jonesfor $1,000. Mr. Johnson and familywill occupy the property after Aug.1. Mr. and Mrs. Jones will move tothe property of Dr. W. M. Miller onMain street recently vacated by Mr.and Mrs. E. S. Barton.The Ladies' Missionary Societyof the Methodist church held a meeting at the home of Mrs. Elizabeth H.Miller, Wednesday afternoon. TheYoung Peoples' Society was entertain as guests. At 6 p. m. an elaborate picnic lunch was served on thelawn. The regular business routinewas gone through at the afternoonmeeting, and the husbands of theladies joined them at lunch.Our town was considerablyshaken up Tuesday night when burglars made their annual visit to Millersburg. As they did not maketheir appearance as early in the summer as they have done in the pasttwo years it was thought by a number of our ladies that they wouldpass us up this time, and they beganto feel decidedly comfortable. Tuesday night they entered the home ofMessrs. W. D. Mclntyre and M. C.Grimes. In the home of Mr. Mclntyre they entered from a front window on the veranda, secured about$30 in cash from Mr. Mclntyre andabout $9 in cash from a, guest in thehouse. The home was entered aboutmidnight so far as can be ascertained,. It was thought by the inmatesthat they heard slight noises aboutthe premises, but of this they are notcertain. At the home of Mr. Grimesthey entered from a rear door in thekitchen, the inside lock being unlocked, fastened only by a screen, andhelped themselves to something toeat. As soori as their appearance wasdiscovered the Mulligan Wood houndswas summoned from Lexington, andwere on the trail about 8 o'clock.The trail was followed successfullyuntil they reached the farm of Mr. J.H. Barnes, where it was lost in afield. There the thieves c. mountedhorses of Mr. Barnes and rode away,later turning the horses loose., Theywere round at tne entrance or tneBarnes place early in the morning.An effort will be made to sift this tothe bottom, a still hunt will be made.Several suspects are being closelymatched. Not only have burglars entered the mose, but in the past fewnight the gardens of Messrs. Joe Farris, E. D. Baldwin and Robert Madden were partially plundered. Themeat house of Mr.'C. L. Vimont alsocame in for its share.a a ?aRELIGIOUS.MATRIMONIAL.HEISER JACKSON.Mr. Mitchell B. Jackson, ofParis, and Miss Anna Heiser of Falmouth, sprang a surprise on theirmany friends and relatives by coming to Paris, Wednesday night fromBoonesboro, where they have beenmembers of a camping party, and being married.The party took every precautionto keep their plans secret. Theycame to Paris in Mr. Jackson's autoand taking two intimate friends intheir confidence proceeded, after securing the marriage license, to theresidence of Rev. W. E. Ellis, wherethe ceremony was performed in thepresence of a few witnesses and members of their families. After theceremony Mr. and Mrs. Jackson returned to Boonesboro, where theywill spend their honeymoon.Mr. Jackson is a son of Mrs. J. H.Martin, of near Paris. He was forfifteen years a clerk in the department store of H. M. Collins & Co.,leaving there about two years agoto take a half-interest in the management of the Fordham Hotel, thebowling alleys and billiard room.He is a young man of clean character, a successful business man whosefriends are legion. His bride is adau&hter of Mr. and Mrs. J. B. Heiser,of Falmouth, and a sister of Mrs.Edward Summers, of Paris, atwhose home she has been a frequentvisitor. She is a young woman of decidedly handsome personality, brightand vivacious, and a most charmingyoung woman.THE NEWS extends heartiest congratulations and best wishes to Mr.and Mrs. Jackson. May they livelong and prosper.MERCER McCOY.A marriage license was issuedWednesday from the office of CountyClerk Pearce Paton to Mr. Wm. McCoy and Miss Mattie Mercer, bothof Bourbon county.2i Ea TsPERTINENT PARIS PARAGRAPHS.Tip to Bourbon county boys whenthey go to the front wait until yousee the whites of their eyes.The easiest way to make a Parisboy mad is to keep on telling theneighbors how good he is.Rev. J. J. Rice, pastor of thePresbyterian church, will preach in JPittsburg, Sunday, July 22. On account of his absence, there will notbe the usual services in the courthouse.The tent meeting which hasbeen in progress on Cypress streetby Evangelists Hobbs and Herring -ton,will be resumed as soon as Rev.Hobbs returns from a visit to hisfamily in Lerua, Illinois. Rev. J. J.Dickey, pastor of Hutchison Chapel,addressed the young converts of themeeting at the tent Sunday afternoonat three o'clock.The Endeavor Society of theChristian church will take part inthe meeting of the Young Peoples'Society in a union service to be heldin the Baptist church at 6:30 o'clockSunday night. The services will bein charge of Endeavor Society of thePresbyterian church. The subjectwill be "Applying the Golden Rule toLife." Miss Nell Crutcher will beleader.The choir of the Christianchurch had an enjoyable outdoor picnic Tuesday in the woodland on thefarm of Mr. E. K. Thomas, eightmiles from Paris. The picnic dinnerwas spread on the grass and everybody did justice to it, plenty beingleft. The trip was made 'possible bythe generosity of the J. T. HintonCo., who furnished their motor vehicles for the transportation of theparty.fa fe SCOMPRESSED AIR SERVICE.IMPROVEDMccormickBINDERFew visitors to Paris realize thatthe French capital has an extensivecompressed air service analogus tothe ordinary gas or municipal waterservice. There are several hundredmiles of compressed air piping underlying the Paris streets. The air issupplied to stores and cafes, and isused in cooling-rooms, and as ameans of furnishing power to fans,sewing machines, and even a fewelevators. The air is metered likegas.fe fe S3POINTED PARAGRAPHS.Love's first sight is wisdom's last.Have ambition and your road willlead upward.He makes a great gain who losesa bad habit.In buying a home and taking awife, shut your eyes.IS? Wl Sfcl&alki"i'Ti'L" gfTr5ili r s Jv i wTmrjBr-You belong as ' much to your !friends as they belong to you. j JAny big man is a little man who 5?profited by a fair chance.THE GRAIN GROWERwill find the McCormick Improved Binder a machine that is simple in construction, easy to operateand that will f uccessf ully harvest grain under everycondition, whether it be short or tall, even, tangledor full of undergrowth.The large number of McCormickBinders in use all over the worldis a sure sign of satisfaction.Be On the Safe SideBuy a McCormick!C. S. Ball GarageCor. Fourth and Pleasant St, .o oA price-slashing sale of Summer Footwear, in spite of tHe high prices prevailing in shoedom.Anticipating the great advance in shoe prices, WE BOUGHT HEAVY! The weather this seasonhas been most unfavorable and we find ourselves overloaded withWomenand (Sldren's JSUMMtK I 00 I If LAithat must be turned into cash at once at prices below factory cost !A few of the many extraordinary bargains:-Ladies' Pumps and OxfordsLadies' Gray and Champagne Kid Pumps, $4.00, Sale Price $1.95Ladies' White Kid Camille Pumps, $5.00, Sale Price $3.45Ladies' White Sea Island Canvas Pumps, $2.50, Sale Price $1.75Ladies' White Poplin Canvas Pumps and Oxfords,, $2.00,Sale Price '.'. $1.49.Ladies' Imported Black Kid Katinka Pumps, $6.00,Sale Price : . .' $4.85Ladies' Blk. Kid Sorority Minuet Pumps, $6.00, Sale Price $3.85Ladies'. Dull and Patent Kid, Stylish Pumps, $4.50 and$5.00, Sale Price $3.43Ladies' Patent Kid Colonette Pumps, ,$4.00 and $4.50,Sale Price $2.95Ladies' Patent and Dull Kid Low and High Heel Pumps,$3.50, Sale Price !-. $2.45Ladies' Dull Kid and Patent Pumps and Oxfords, $3.00,Sale Price ,$1.99Ladies Patent Pumps and Comf. Kid Oxfords, $2.00,, Sale Price $149Ladies' Black assorted small size Oxfords, $3.00Sale Price 99cLadies' Boots and ShoesLadies' White Sea Island Canvas Boots, $3.50, Sale Price.. $2.45Ladies' White Canvas, Rubber Sole, English Boots, $2.50,Sale Price $1.69Ladies' White and Gray .Kid Lace Boots, $8.00, Sale Price. .$5.95Ladies' Black Kid High Shoes, Button and Lace, $4.00,Sale Price . .$2.99Ladies' Gun Metal and Patent Button Shoes, $3.00,Sale Price $1.49Ladies Gun Metal Button, small sizes, $3.00, Sale Price.. $1.49Boys', Misses', and Children's Shoes and Slippers at aGreat Sacrifice in Price.SALE BEGINSSATURDAYJuly 21None Sent'on Approval, Exchanged or Credited.No Stamps Given During this Sale.Men's Shoes and OxfordsiMen's White Cloth English Oxfords, Walk-Over. $4.50,Sale Price $4.00 and. $3.50Men's Russian Tan Oxfords, Walk-Over ana Bosto-nian, $4.50, Sale Price '. $3.49Men's Dark Tan English. Oxfords, $5.00, Sale Price $3.95Men's Tan and Gunmet'al Oxfords, $3.00, Sale Price ...$1.99Men's Dark Russian Tan Footform Oxfords, $7.00,Sale Price $5.45Men's Black Patent Calf, Footform Oxfords, $6.00,Sale Price $3.95Men's Patent Colt English Oxfords, $5.00, Sale Price $3.45Men's Patent English. Oxfords, Nettleton, $7.00,Sale Price : $4.95Men's Black Kid Oxfords, Walk-Over, $4.50, Sale Price.. $3.50Men's' Gunmetal Shoes, Walk-Over, $4.50, Sale Price $3.50Men's Gun Metal, Button and Lace, $4.00, Sale Price ..$2.99Men's Gun Metal Button Shoes, $3.00, Sale Price $1.99Misses' and Children's Sandals 49c. Tennis 39cT Paris' Greatest Shoe Store3:2iDAN COHEN336 MAIN STREET PARIS, KY.vy-'UFv. Ci, -s ,Mttfrvii ?' .i-frJMV ii-s.-.