- V" -fsj--'& tS -.. jv7 .5.,. r'&-o&;i i ..?THENEWS.515?'1( ".-PUBLISHED EVERY TUESDAY AND FRIDAY IN THE YEAR.VOLUME XXXVIIPARIS, BOURBON COUNTY, KENTUCKY, FRIDAY, JULY 27, 1917n.BOURBONi' ' -v.v m ViGROCERS AND MEAT MEN DECIDE EARLY CLOSING.Early closing and measures lor regulating losses by bad debts were discussed and acted upon at a meetingof grocers and meat handlers at thecourt house Monday night.Mr. Fred Weckesser, of the BusyBee Cash Store, presided and statedthe objects of the" meeting, dwellingchiefly on the benefits to be derivedfrom early closing, and the need ofconcerted action by the merchants forprotection against those who wereuncertain in their payments of accounts. At the conclusion of the address byMr. WJeckesser a committee composedof Messrs. Carl Wilmoth, A. X. Skillman and L. R. Bramblette was appointed to circulate ,a petition amongthe grocers and meat men for earlyclosing. This committee will makeits report at a meeting to be held atthe same place and time next Mondaynight. A committee on by-laws and nname for the organization will alsobe appointed at this meeting.As a result of the meeting it isprobable that the' grocers and meatmerchants will agree to close theirplaces of business, beginning August1, at seven o'clock through the weekand at eleven o'clock on Saturdaynights.An invitation was extended at themeeting to all the grocers and meathandlers throughout the county to"become members of the organizationand to attend all future meetings.153 feSEND IN NAMES OF SOLDIERSAND SAILORS.THE NEWS wants for publicationand for filing in its historical department the name of every Bourboncounty boy, or every transplantedBourbon county boy who is a memberof the land or sea fighting forces ofthe United States. Besides the name,the following information is desired:Name of parents; their place of residence, (if living), his age; date ofenlistment, name of company andregiment or other organization towhich he is assigned.A large number of boys from thiscity and county are now in the Federal and State military service, andTHE NEWS wants to print theirnames on a roll of honoT""which itwill compile for future reference..Promptness in sending in thesenames will be duly appreciated.1 15S fe"FUND TO TEACH ILLITERATEREGISTRANTSBourbon county, which has eightysix white and sixty-seven coloredilliterate registrants liable for military duty, will be called upon soon toraise a certain proportion of a fundof $30,000, for which the KentuckyIlliteracy Commission is campaigningto teach all soldiers to read andwrite before the men are called tothe colors or go to the cantonmentat Louisville. J. W. Porter, of Lexington, is commander of the SeventhDistrict. The district contains 1,773illiterates liable to military service,according to the registration, and thedistrict is asked to raise $3,000 ofthe fund. The fact that the firstdraft is expected speedily to be followed by a second and, maybe, by athird and fourth before anothertwelve months makes it all the moreimportant to give instructions to allthose registered as not being able toTead and write.a is TSTWO INJURED WHEN AUTOMOBILE SKIDS.An automobile in which Mr. O. L.Prye, optician and jeweler, and Mr.J. W. Brown, of the Brown MusicCo., were riding skidded on the wetstreet on Main, near Nineteenthstreet yesterday afternoon, and,striking the interurban tracks, turned turtle. The occupants werethrown out, sustaining severe bruises,but no bones were broken. Theywere removed to their homes, wherethey were given medical attention.The machine was badly damaged.m teSOON TO BE OFFICERS.The Officers' Reserve TrainingCamp at Ft Benj. Harrison, Indiana, will be over by August 15, andit is reported from Washington thatthe students will be advised beforethat d.ate of their acceptance. Thosewho are not commissioned will besent home and instructed to awaitthe draft or further orders."Reuben Hutchcrait and HughCampbell, of Paris, and William Collins, of North Middletown, are undergoing intensive training at Ft.Benj. Harrison, and friends here arcconfident that they will receive commissions in Uncle Sam's new Nationalarmy.RED CROSS SEWING.The Red Cross sewing room at the-corner of Main and Third streets will"be occupied to-day by the membersof -Jemima Johnson Chapter D..A JR.The wrk yill hci at nine o'clockAll tte member are requested to bepresent. t "PARIS YOUTH RESCUES DROWNING COMPANION.It is getting to be quite the thingnow for a Paris boy to prove himselfa -"hero" in rescuing drowning companions. Several instances of thekind have been chronicled lately.The .latest addition to the list isthat of Forest Letton, Jr., son of Mr.and Mrs. Forrest Letton, of Paris,who, in spite of handicaps and adverse conditions, rescued a youngman named Warrienpr, of Madisoncounty, from death by drowning inthe Kentucky River aU Boonesborolast Sunday.Young Warriner and another companion had been in bathing. Bothwere good swimmers, but Warrienerwas caught in the middle of thestream, by the current, which isvery strong at that point, and was indanger of drowning when Lettonswam to his rescue and broughthim in safely to the shore. Warriner was unconscious for an hourbefore he could be restored. Witnesses assert that but for the promptaction of Letton, Warriener wouldsurely have gone into a waterygrave. They say that the rescuewas all the more remarkable fromthe fact that Letton had been in thewater for some time and was ratherweak when he started after thedrowning lad, but pluckily kept atit and brought him in.Things were rather lively atBoonesboro beach Sunday. Four Mt.Sterling boys became involved in analtercation with the proprietor of asoft drink stand, a free-for-all fightfollowing, in which the four boyscame out second best. There was anumber of automobile accidents of aminor nature and the gayety of theafternoon was further heightened bythe near-escape of several other parties from serious accidents by colliding machines. In rounding thecurve on the river road at the top ofthe hill two machines collided, butno serious damage was done either.151 fe ?aTHE COUNTY SUPERINTENDENT'SRACE.Editor BOURBON NEWS:Mr. J. 'B. Cay wood, candidate forCounty Superintendent of Schools,publishes a letter from the AttorneyGeneral of Kentucky to the effectthat a candidate for Superintendentmay, if he chooses, wait until afterthe primary to obtain his certificateof qualification. This publication isintended as an answer to the statements circulated throughout thecounty and used as the chief argument against .him. that he is educationally unqualified to fill the officeand unable to stand the examinationrequired to get a certificate.Those statements have been discussed so long and so generally thatthey have long been known to Mr.Caywood and his supporters. If hecould stand the examination, therefore, was it not incumbent upon himto get his certificate both as ananswer to those statements which soseriously affect his candidacy, and asa guarantee to the voters who areasked to support him that he will beable to qualify if elected?Is not his published answer reallya plea in confession?(adv. It) S. W. H.TO JOIN HOSPITAL UNIT.Base Hospital Unit No. 40, recently organized in LGxington byDr. David Barrow, has received sixnew recurits from Paris and thecounty, Messrs. Douglas Clay, AlvinThompson, Charlie Spears, Felix Renick, Ireland Davfs and Dr. Milton J.Stern.The new recruits were ordered toreport at Lexington, yesterday forexamination. If successful they willbe accepted and assigned to variousduties in the field hospital work whchwill be undertaken by the unit whenit reaches the front in France sometime next fall.These young men will make excellent workers in the hospital service. They will have as travelingcompanions from Bourbon when theunit sails in October many from othersections of Central Kentucky.These young men will be notifiedwithin the next few weeks whetheror not they have been accepted.Those in charge of the unit expectto have everything in readiness forservice by October, although theymay not see active service before thecoming of Spring. The Bourbon boyswill probably be assigned to duty asorderlies and ambulance drivers,branches for which they are especially fitted by previous experience inmotor car work. They will be givena training lasting six weeks beforethey get into actual service.Supplies which have been manufactured at the Red Cross sewingrooms in Paris will 'form part of theequipment of Dr. Barrow's hospitalunit.p 1 10ftREAL ESTATE DEALS.Mrs. Elizabeth Shine purchasedTuesday of Miller. Jk "Lilleston,through the 'real estate 'agency ofHarris ,& Speakes, a building lot inthe old Fair .Grounds Addition toParte at apriyate price.-FAVORABLY MENTION AS MR.ANDERSON'S SUCCESSOR.Since the recent tragic death ofMr. W. H. Anderson, Superintendentof this division of the- Louisville &Nashville railroad, the interest ofrailroad men and the public generally has naturally turned to his possible successor in that responsibleposition.The two names that have beenmost frequently and most favorablymentioned in that connection arethose of Mr. John A. Bower and Mr.James G-. Metcalf, both highly-esteemedand well-known by the traveling public and by the raliroad people. Mr. Bower began his railroadcareer as a telegraph operator in theDanville office of the Queen &. Crescent road. His rise has been rapidand merited in the past fifteen years,most of which he has spent in theservice of the L. & N. at this point.Mr. Bower has been Chief Clerk under Mr. Anderson for many years andknows every angle of the railroadgame.Mr. Metcalfe is a son of Mr. Jas.G. Metcalfe, former General Managerof the Louisville & Nashville road,and is a thoroughly experienced man,having been brought up in the workunder the careful tutelage of his father. Mr. Metcalfe is at present Master of Trains on this division, and iswell thought of by Paris people.Railroad men whom THE NEWSapproached on the subject were noncommittal stating that it was a matter in which they would , have nochoice. Some were of the opinionthat the new Superintendent wouldbe selected from one of the olderbranches of the service, and thatno matter who it would be they hoped the men higher up would firstgive careful consideration to "hometalent."Tsa Es S3ROBERTSON ASSEMBLY.The Robertson County ChristianAssembly, one of the fixed religiousevents of that section of the State,will be held at Mt. Olivet, August17-26. The Penn Grove CampGrounds are especially suited for occasions of this kind, and those whohave the Assembly in charge are doing all they can to make it a success. The manager, Mr. N. T. McConnell, was in Paris several daysthis week, in consultation withchurch workers in regard to attendance from this section.Several fine speakers are on theprogram. One of the best is W. H.Book, of Columbus, Indiana, well andfavorably known in the religiousworld.WE KNOW HOWSTRAW HATSATHALFOur entire line of HopkinsStraws we place on sale today at one-half original price.Right now is when you need a cool, comfortableStraw the worst, when the old Straw has become soiledand shaqby. You can freshen up your appearance bygetjting the pick of a brand new straw at a very smallprice. All sizes 6 3-4 to 7 5-8.75 CentsTo$3.00Soft Brims and Stiff Brims, Plain Sailors, Curled-brimmedAlpines and Telescope shapes.Don't delav: buv while vour stvle andsize isMitchell & BlakemoreOur stort cIomc at 5 pp. m. except Saturdaysi and CMtt Days.' AMERICA IN THE WAR 1917Feb. 3. Germany's Ambassadordismissed.April 2. President Wilson ask-ed Congress to declare that"a state of war exists."April 6. Congress declared a', state of war against the Ger-man empire.) May 2. Two billion dollar, "Liberty loan" offered forsubscription.May 9. Stars and stripes car-ried in Paris by Americanfield service detachment.May 16. Conscription act be-came a law.May 16. Squadron of Ameri-can destroyers arrived inIrish waters on patrol duty.May 18. American troops or-dered to France.May 25. American flag underfire in France.May 28. Rear Admiral Sims,U. N. S., promoted to viceadmiral and given commandof American naval opera-tions in Europe.June 5. Conscription registra-tion. Nearly 10,000,000men between twenty-oneand thirty-one years of ageregistered.June 7. Major General J. J.Pershing, U. S. A., reachedEngland as commander ofthe American expeditionaryarmy.June 13. American troops sail-ed for France.June 22. U-boats attacked theAmerican transport fleet.June 27. American troopslanded in France and wereassigned to General Sibert'scamp.July 16. National guard mob-ilized for service in Europe.July 20. Draft of first army of687 men and fixing of or-der in which remainder of. 9,000,000 registrants may becalled.fe teTO-MORROWWe will sell straw hats at halfprice. J. W. DAVIS & CO.jEa ?a laPARIS BOY IN MT. STERLING ORCHESTRA. Mr. Harold Wollsteln, an accomplished musician, and a member ofthe Paris Military Band, is playingwith the orchestra at the Tabb Theatre, in Mt. Sterling.PRICE!here.HUNDREDS OF GALLONS OF BERRIES GOING TO WASTE.Under the" caption, "BlackberriesFor Everybody," a writer in theWinchester Daily Sun thus lamentsthe fact that hundreds of bushels ofluscious blackberries are actuallygoing to waste in the mountainousdistricts:"Sobs come to the heart and tearsto the eyes of the writer when hebeholds the millions upon millions ofthe finest kind of blackberries thatare going to waste in the .mountaindistricts of Kentucky. The nativessay that it does not pay to pick them,as they can get only ten cents pergallon for them, and not very muchdemand for them at that price."They are free to everybody forthe picking, and such delicious,wholesome food should not be allowed to go to loss in such enormousquantities. They can be found fromalmost any point from Indian Fields,in Clark county, to Maloney, in Leecounty, along the line of the L. &E. When there are so many automobiles in town would it not sbe agood plan to have a few blackberryparties? It would be a healthful exercise and profitable in getting theberries. Don't let the berries go towaste and then complain about thehigh cost of living."Then after you have found a cheapand convenient means of having theluscious fruit picked and brought tothe market, the inevitable will happen. The money-lust will seize uponyou, and away will go the pricesjust as others have boomed them before you. It's the way of the world.But let's hope something will happen to break the grasp of the "blackberry trust" upon the poor man'sdesert. Please pass the cobbler!T ?SMAY YET VOLUNTEER.Any one of the 9,700,000 youngmen who were drawn for army service may yet enlist in the regularaimy, the national guard, the navyor the marine corps and automatically pass from the list of conscriptionpersons.This right will pass for the individual the minute he receives official notice from his local board topresent himself for examination.If he volunteers before gettingJthis notice he can pick his branchIf he is taken under the selectivedraft he will be assigned to anybranch the government designates,without his assent.Brigadier General Crowder, proost marshal general, officially announced this privilege.?3l IS"AREN'T THOSE LARGE POTATOES? Ten potatoes with a total weightof eight pounds, constitute one claimof Mr. Gus Christman, of near Paris,to the title of champion gardener.The potatoes, which are of a wellknown variety, were grown on Mr.Christman's farm on the Clintonvillepike. They have large soulful eyesthat gaze upon those who view themas if meditating the problem of howfar a hundred -acres of eight-poundtubers would go in the nation-wideconservation of food program. Alocal statistician estimated that atthe present market price of potatoeseach of the ten Christman productswould be worth 3 1-3 cents.The potatoes are on exhibition in.the agricultural department of theKentuckian-Citizen. Wayne Cottingham is suspected of using them forpaper weights when no one is watch-in13 i 3UNION SERVICES SUNDAY.At the Union meeting of all theProtestant churches of Paris, to beheld at the Christian church nextSunday night, July 29, at 7:30o'clock, Rev. Dr. O. R. Mangum, pastor of the Paris Baptist church, willdeliver the closing sermon of his pastorate of that church.Services will be conducted by theCity Union of Young Peoples' Societies at 6:30 o'clock, Sunday night,in the Endeavor room of the Christian church. The program will be incharge of the Epworth League of theMethodist church.Union services will continue allthrough the month of August. Thecomplete schedule will appear in.THE NEWS.Rev. Mangum's subject at theUnion meeting will be "God's Tomorrow or Watchman, What of TheNight?"IS Pfi HiCARLISLE BOY KILLED "SOMEWHERE IN FRANCE.Word has been received by relatives in Carlisle that Firman Andrews, aged about 24 years, a Nicholas county boy, has been killedsomewhere in France. Young Andrews joined a Canadian regimentsome time within the past year andleft immediately for the war zone.There were no particulars accompanying the dispatch received.Young Andrews was a son of PatAndrews, ot Nicholas county. Forsome years he had made his home'i-u t TYnoj-vn 'at TlaU TTf 11 alanI Willi. OXSU. JUrvwsJV"., ;v w . , -,--withHoward Ogden, .Carlisle. -'MASTER LIST FOR EXEMPTIOJTSheriff W. F. Talbott was askelyesterday by a NEWS man in regardto the masterlist of names of draftedmen which is to be sent the BourbonCounty Board of Exemption. Mr.Talbott informed us that the list hadnot yet been received, and the probability was that it would be one ortwo days yet, as there was a big Jotof work to be done on it at Frankfortj before it would be itady to be seatto the Boards.I "The local Board is patientlyawaiting the list," said Mr. Talbott,I "and as soon as we receive it fromthe- Governor's office we will check itup properly and post it in the officej of the Board. We will then proceedto mail out official notices to the first278 men on the list, informing themthat they must appear tor physicalexamination. If they properly pasthe test and physical examination thematter of exemption will then betaken up."News reports from Washingtonstate that the lists have been mailedfrom there. They must go first tothe Governor's office, and then be forwarded to the county and district au-thorities.County Clerk Pearce Paton, &member of the Board of Exemption,stated yesterday that he had had anumber of requests for informationon the subject of exemptions. "Thej Board can pass only on cases of phys-ical disability and dependent relatives," said Mr. Paton, "but if theman drafted is not satisfied with thej action of the local Board he can. apjpeal to the district Board for a reversal. They do not anticipate anytrouble on the physical examinations,which will be held first, but many ofthose who will claim freedom fromservice on the ground of dependent"relatives will have a hard time unlessthey can prove clearly that these dependents would actually suffer by theloss of the earnings of the draftediman."la Ea eiBATHERS WARNED OF LURKING DANGER.For several weeks bathers havebeen visiting Stoner Creek in therear of .the old Base Ball Park;, allunknowingly exposing themselves tothe danger, lurking and unseen, outstill present, of contracting diseasebecause of the contaminated waters.In an interview yesterday with Dr.A. H. Keller, Health Officer, THENEWS was asked to strongly advisethe cessation of bathing at that pointas the creek is the dumping groundfor all the sewage from the westernpart of Paris, and is full of diseasegerms. He stated that he had beentrying for the past two years to create a sentiment against bathing inthat vicinity, and that now it mightbecome necessary to resort to officialInterference.Dr. Keller further stated that as amatter of fact, every person bathingor swimming in unenclosed or openwaters, at times gets more or lesswater in their mouths. From thiscan be judged the danger persons areexposed to in bathing in that part ofStoner Creek. He strongly advisesthe bathers to eek a cleaner andmore sanitary place. -"OIL BRINGS RAIN.City employes were out with thebig oil-spreading tank wagon Wednesday afternoon, with the usual result. The best rain of the summerseason, and a much-needed one, fellfor two hours, doing a great good togardens and growing crops.The Montgomery county fair beganWednesday, which is another goodrain-maker. But for absolute reliability you can depend on the rainwhen oil is about to be spread on thestreets.In this connection, the Flemingsburg Times-Democrat says: "Thework of oiling our streets began Friday and a light shower fell aboutnoon, though not enough to do anydamage, but on Saturday morning aheavy shower fell, washing off a gooddeal of the oil which had not hadtime to 'set.' It looks as if the oildraws rain every time."THREE ATTEMPTS MADEWRECK L. & N. TRAUTS.TOThree attempts have been made in;the last few nights to wreck X,. : N.trains between Sebree and Slauxh-ters. Heavy iron bar? were placed em"the track one night and freight traikNo. 58 ran into them. Twice siaceobstructions have been found on. thetrack near the same place, on sharpcurves by track walkers. The trackis now being patrolled day and nightand special agents of the companyare working on the case.SELLS PARIS PROPERTY.Mr. Thomas Roberts has sold toMr. J. T. Tucker, 6t the MetropeU- -tanLife Insurance Co. the 1WFifteenth street "whclr "k reMHgrpurchased "from Mr. T-. C. LivtecaW, ,at an adraace of 2i vmf tkoriginal ptfrchae price. Mr. Tvckerwill move to the property.if&- x- rj -"'PAGE TWOTHE BOURBON NEWS, PARIS, KY.FRIDAY, JULY 27,a1917,II.tfu1I.;1$1i J'!t8iftThe Bourbon News'Jtabllshed 188135 Ycar of Continuous Publication.ablished Every Tuesday and Friday,sr Year... $2.00 Six Months... $1.00Payable in Advance.SWIFT CtlAMP, Editor and Owner.Any erroneous reflection upon thecharacter, standing or reputation ofany person, firm or corporation whichmay appear in the columns of TILEBOURBON NEWS will be gladly corrected1 if brought to attention of theeditor.ADVERTISING RATESDisplay Advertisements, 1.00 perInch for first time; 50 cents per incheach subsequent insertion.Reading Notices, 10 cents per lineeach issue; reading notices in blacktype, 20 cents per line, each issue.Cards of thanks, calls on candidates, obituaries and resolutions, andimilar matter, 10 cents per line.Special rates for large advertisements and yearly contracts.The right of publisher is reservedto decline any advertisement or othermatter for publication.Announcements for political officesmust invariahly be accompanied bythe cash.EDITORIAL MUSINGS.Wear And Tear On Trousers.At first glance it may seem animpolite question for us to ask ofyou, but where do you wear outyour trousers?W,e can't possibly imagine a Parisman taking umbrage at that. It'sa fair question, and there is not aman in Paris but would gladly answer it if he knew that the public atlarge judges a man by where he-wears out his trousers. We have never met the man who flips his finger atpublic opinion; who doesn't care arap about what people think of him;who has become totally devoid ofpride. There may be a few of thesekind on earth, but we have so farfailed to find any around Paris.Every man, no matter how soured hemay become toward the world, stillhas somewhere in his system a sparkof self-respect. He still prefers tohave his neighbors think and speakwell of him. For that reason it behooves him to be careful about wherehe 'wears out his trousers.Two Paris women, good neighbors,were sewing the other day. It justhappened that each one was mendingher husband's trousers. Said one::"We don't appear to be getting a bitabetter this year than last. It lookskast hough we just live from hand tomouth. John gets in a week's workoccasionally, but not often, and hestays at home nearly all .the time.He says there isn't any need to huntfor work, and that everybody intown knows that he is looking forwork and will send for him whenthere is anything to do."And the other woman replied:"I'm so sorry, but Henry and mawere just saying last night that wenever saw times better, and despitewar prices we have plenty, and afew dollars left each week to put inthe building and loan. Henryhasn't lost a day's work in two yearsnow, and he goes about his work so' cheerfully each day. I don't haveanything to complain about."One of the women was mending theknees of her husband's trousers.The other was mending the seat ofher husband's trousers. One of themen was an expert machinist, the'other was "a man about town.''Where do you wear out your trousers? Paris now has a stringent stocklaw, causing quite a bit of inconvenience, to those citizens who have depended upon their neighbor's cow todo the work of a lawn mower.; Massing of The Painily Doctor.- " The elitor of a Kentucky paper--wrote a short editorial for his paperthe other day deploring the passingof the family doctor. He declaredthat the big city specialists and theyounger generation of medical-college-up-to-date-physicianshad crowd -,. ed the good doctor of the old timesout of existence, and thut to-day onlythe smaller towns know him as theirfriend, counsellor and companion.In a large measure this is true.. But the family doctor is still to be.found in Bourbon county, and he isthe salt of the earth. He is an essential part of the life of the countyf and the town, and he will always"have a prominent place in rural life.He will continue to be in Bourbonv county just wThat his father was before him for as a general rule thefamily doctor's son always grew upio follow his father's foosteps. Hewill continue as the family adviser,the "counsellor" of the head of thefamily, the man whose advice issought along other than medicallines, and always taken with as muchv seriousness and as faithfully as ishis medicine. His word has alwaysheen law, and it will continue to be.And lie will always command moreTaapect from the children icrthe rural ditricts of Bourbon county thana president or governorjcould hopefor.This Kentucky editor sees thepassing of thefamily doctor, tyet heis forced to admit that nothing canwholly supplant him. Not even thebig city specialist can take his placein thousands of families throughoutthis land. He can still cure a coldand break a fever; set a broken legor arm, and stay the pain in nose,eye, ear or throat. He is still thegood Samaritan who has walked withour mothers through the valley ofthe shadow of death; it was he whotook the little red -bundle of humanity and announced with tiredbut patient smile that unto the worldanother soul had been given.He has labored well and faithfullyin the past, has the good family doctor. His place has been too firmlyfixed to warrant the belief that itwill ever be usurped by specialists orbig-town practitioners.William "Muchmore" Dudley, ofParis, enjoys the distinction of having dug up a coin here some time agowhich bore the date of 1775. Butthe Red Cross Chapter enjoys amuch greater distinction in havingmade some Paris and Bourbon countycitizens dig up coins that had notseen the light of day for almost asfar back as that."K 11 E3BOARDS TO RECEIVE MASTERLIST OF DRAFTED MEN.Master lists of the draft the official and last word assigning everyman of the 10,000,000 to his place inthe national army, have gone forward in the mails to the 4,557 localboards. They superceded all hithertopublished lists and rectify all errors.Printed by the most expert andtrusted men in the GovernmentPrinting Office they have been proofread three times by veteran proofreaders. In order that each district boardmay be assured of getting a list inthe mails two copies have been mailed to each one in one mail and onein another. The theory of this practice is that if one list goes estray theother surely will reach its destination. The summoning of the men of thefirst increment before the local boardwill quickly follow the receipt of theofficial master list. Until the men aresummoned they are free to volunteer. Examination of the master listshows that red ink number 5,794has been placed as No. 10,500 in theorder of drawing. It is assumedthat this was the missing numberand was placed last, although theblank capsule first came up as 10,004.It had previously been understoodthat red-ink number 4,664 was themissing number, but that numberwas later found as No. 9,652, wherethe master sheet shows it as such.Another correction on the unofficial list shown in red-ink number507, but duplicated liability No. 236.The master sheet shows red-ink No.507 as liability No. 236.tsi a mTHIRD PAYMENT .DUE. ON LIBERTY LOAN BONDS.The third payment of twenty percentum on Liberty Loan Bonds purchased by installments is due onJuly 30. The payment must be madeon or before that date according tothe official statement of terms andconditions of the sale of Liberty LoanBonds made by Secretary McAdoo atthe time subscriptions were invited.Whether the bonds were purchasedfrom the Treasury or the Federal Reserve Banks or through other banksor agencies it is important that theseand succeeding installments be paidpromptly.The action of many employers oflabor in arranging to pay their employees on July 30th instead of August 1st in order to enable them topromptly. make their payments onLiberty Loan Bonds is an excellentand patriotic example which no doubtwill be followed by a large numberoJ employers.. . 13 2 SDRAET MEN TO BE EXAMINEDPOR TUBERCULOSIS.IIen drafted into the UnitedStates army will be given a searching examination for tuberculosis.Dr. Hizer, Secretary for the StateTuebrculosis Commission, has selected ten physicians in each county inthe State to assist in the examinationof the men.The county exemption board willbegin work as soon as the numbersare received from Washington. Theirreports will go to the State districtexemption board for final decision.Adjutant Ellis will notify of themen drafted and he will attend totheir transportation to Louisville,where they will begin service.m IQ isaARE YOU A GOOD COOK?Forty companies of cooks are tobe organized for the United Statesarmy forces now stationed in theUnited States, and a call has beenissued to men desiring to serve theircountry in this important branch ofthe service. Each company will haveplaces for two lieutenants in additionto the non-commissioned officers andprivates.The information sent out by theWar Department shows that onearmy field bakery with equipage anda complement of six men is capableof caring for 1,800, men, and thefifteenlt units pf each company canhake V total wof forty thousandpounds W bread a day.-ROOTS piHiANCIENT REMEDYOur Grandfathers Used ThemIn Crude Form.CMEFINGREDIENTS OF TONICOur grandfathers and great-grand-fathersknew the medicinal values ofroots, barks, flowers ,and berries. Theirmedicinal qualities are the same nowas they were a hundred years ago, butthe scientific process of treating themhas been improved.In former times the herbs were brewed into teas. Today modern laboratories make a vastly superior productTanlac is a preparation of roots, barksand berries subjected to a process thatextracts their medicinal virtues in conOentrated form. It is especially designed to build up run down people. Ithas helped thousands who were suffering from disordered stomachs, liverand kidneys.George R. Kelly, a mail carrier ofNew Hope, Ky., is one of the thousands in the Blue Grass State who haveendorsed Tanlac. Here is what hehas to say about this wonderful tonic:"I had trouble with my stomach andbowels. After eating I had cramps. Ilost my appetite and got so I hated toeat anything. I felt bad all over. Mytongue was coated and I had a badtaste in my mouth."Nothing helped me before I startedtaking Tanlac. I took three bottlesand by that time I could eat anythingwithout having cramps. I am feelingfine now. Tanlac helped me from thestart and I have recommended it tomany of my friends."If you are not feeling right get Tanlac today.Tanlac can now be bought herefrom Varden & Son.LACK OF OFFICERS.The United States is facing aserious problem in the lack of trained officers for merchant ships. Inthis connection the enlargement ofthe State Nautical Training Schoolsof Massachusetts and New York isbeing urged. Each of these Statesmaintains a school for officers for themerchant service, with a trainingship loaned by the Navy. The training ships are two obsolete 1000-tongunboats and it is said that muchlarger vessels are needed. So manyships have been transferred to American registry since the war beganthat the President has been forcedto suspend the law requiring theofficers of American ships to be American citizens. As soon as our newships begin to put to sea, the shortage will be more actually felt thanever.1 fe TsaTHE OFFICIAL BULLETIN.The Official Buletin, published bythe Committee on Public Informationat Washington, is sent to all UnitedStates officials of every sort, to theGovernors of all States and the Mayors of all cities, to all daily newspapers and press associations and magazines, colleges and universities,chambers of commerce and boards oftrade and other public institutions.It is also sent to every postoffice inthe United States, where it is postedevery day.Numerous requests have been received from citizens asking to be puton the free mailing list for the Bulletin. The cost and mechanical impossibility forbid a general free circulation. Therefore the Bulletin observes the same rules as the Congressional Record and to the general public a charge of five dollars a year ismade for the publication.THE NEXT LIBERTY LOAN.Secretary of the Treasury McAdoo'has made official denial of'the reportthat the date of the next issue ofthe Liberty Loan would be September 15th and the amount of it threebillion dollars.He states that neither the amountnor the date of the loan offeringhave been determined and when determined official announcement willbe made of the fact by the TreasuryDepartment.Ta "ARE YOU ONE OF THEM?There are a great many peoplewho would be very much benefitedby taking Chamberlain's Tablets fora weak and disordered stomach. Areyou one of them? Mrs. M. R. Searl,Baldwinsville, N. Y relates her experience in the use of these tablets:"I had a bad spell with my stomachabout six months ago, and wastroubled for two or three weeks withgas and severe pains in the pit ofmy stomach. Our druggist advisedme to take Chamberlian's Tablets.I took a bottle home and the firstdose relieved me wonderfully, and Ikept on taking them until I wascured." These tablets do not relievepain, but after the pain has been relieved may prevent its recurrence.(adv-july)Experience is a dear teacher-when it comes in the form of a prettyschoolma'am. - i sA youngs-physician will use moreX.atin words than a dozen "old. doctors. rtl W WfJ!'Mf'M''fr 1' fr I 1 HI 1 14AvnwmmMadeYou Want 911 Efficient Offcer!Vote For McMillanHE "KNOWS HOW"He Has Proven It!mjf iff up iff iff tj iff iff tjtjIf YouI You will Vote For Losing Ticket11HIWB:Last Call- Election Saturday, Aug. 4thIVOTEi XtiWINNERA Judge WhoGood!mmmmmemDON'T Vote PorANDnners!FOR WINNERS !I 1 1 1 i II I i IMjHasfrH"M"II"frfrft lflllltiArs'J'ViffrV "i7FRIDAY, JULY 27, 1917,THE BOURBON NEWS; PARIS, KY.PAGE THRUANNOUNCEMENTSWe are authorized to announce thgood Democrats below as candldiattat the Democratic primary on August4, 1917, to fill the offices to whichthey aspire:FOR STATE SENATORLEE WAINSCOTT,Clark County.GEORGE HON,Clark County.ABRAM RENICK,Clark County.FOR REPRESENTATIVE.C. M. THOMASFOR SHERIFF.WILL G. McCLINTOCK,tiUi Doc Marshall and Boh Gilkey asdejputies.L. A. SOPER,With D. E. Clarke and L. C. Ashcraftas deputies.FOR COUNTY JUDGE.GEORGE BATTERTONc a. McMillan.FOR COUNTY ATTORNEYDAVID D. CLINE.WM. GRANNAN.GCKJNTY SUPERINTENDENTSCHOOLS.J. B. CAYWOOD.MISS MABEL ROBBINGOFFOR JAILERGEO. W. JUDYTHOS. TATJL, "JOHN H. DOTY,WALKER KISER,C. T. MASTERSON,W. O. BUTLER,JOHN W. KING,J. W. HART.FOR ASSESSORWALTER CLARK,f Paris, with Jno. J. Redmon, of NorthMlddletown, as deputy.GEO. D. SPEAKES,Paris, with Lee R. Craven, of LittleReck at Deputy.TOR MAGISTRATE.W. J. McWHORTERCenterville Precinct.JOHN S. WIGGINSHutchison Precinct.C. D. WTLSONRuddles Mills Precinct.!"'r,FOR MAYORW. O. HINTONE. B. JANUARYFOR POLICE JUDGECLAUDE P. REDMON,J. W. BROWN,P. A. THOMPSON.HARRY L. MITCHELL.ERNEST MARTINSOCIAL AND PERSONAL.Comings and Goings of OurPeople Here, There, andElsewhere.is athis' - :f4"H''I"II'.I..I..I..I..I..lMl..I..I..I.(i..iMi..i..i.,i..iil,i,,.4,,I,,jjl j..Xtli.i ! ifi ! ! ! iiufi i ; ; i ! .f..;. ., 4. .4. ! ! 41 iii ! ii ! ! 41 ii ! i ! ! ! ! ,. ,. ,. ,g. . 1-fTftllU 1 1 It It-FOR CHIEF OF POLICE.JAMES H. MORELAND.W. FRED LINK.FOR COUNCILMAN.ITRST WARD.T. J. KISER.JOHN CHRISTMANJOHN MERRINGERW. T. BROOKSTHOS. G. MORRIS.SECOND WARD.S. K. NICHOLS,J. J. VEACHJOHN ARKLE.PRANK BURTON.THIRD WARDGEO. DOYLEParis Home SchoolWill OpenMonday, September 3, 1917Mrs. W. A. Harp, Director.Miss E. D. Giltner, Director ofMusic.You Don't Have toMiss Georgia Christmanguest of friends in Richmondweek.Mrs. Harriet Skillman is seriously ill at her home on Secondstreet. 'Mrs. White Varden has returnedfrom a visit to Mrs. Rufus Lisle, inWinchester.Mrs. Jos. Josselson, of Pittsburg,Pa., is a guest of Mrs. Duke Bowles,on Main street.Mrs. Sinon Lary, of near Paris,left yesterday for a visit to relativesin Amarillo, Texas.Mr. David Wilson has returnedfrom a visit to friends and relativesin Madison county.Mrs. Clarence Gifford, of Mlddletown, Ohio, is a guest of Mrs. Wm.Gifford, in East Paris.Miss Elizabeth Clark has returned from a visit to Miss Sophia Wilson, at Red House, Ky.Misses May and Kittie Rion arrived Tuesday for a visit to Mrs. JohnKiser, on Seventh street.Miss Elizabeth Brown has returned from a visit to Miss MayAdams Lincoln, in Louisville.Mr. Speed Hagan, of Detroit,Mich., is a guest of his mother, Mrs.Anna Hagan, near Clintonville.Mrs. L. M. True, Mrs. J. A. Violette and Miss Hattie Clarke havegone to Oil Springs for a sojourn.Miss Anna Eads Peed has asguest this week Miss Mabel Lyonsand Mrs. Eubanks, of Lexington.Misses Ethel Ryles and CarrieCurrent are visiting friends and relatives in Cleveland and other Ohiocities.Prof. Robert Hinton, of Georgetown, is a guest of his brother, Mr.C. 0. Hinton, and Mrs. Hinton, inthis city.Mr. E. M. Plummer the Twentieth-street grocer, is a patient atMassie Memorial Hospital, sufferingwith typhoid fever.Misses Lutie May Poe and ClaraMcMay have returned to their homesin Covington, after a visit to MissMary Smith, in Paris.Messrs. Barnett Winters andLawrence Price motored to EminenceSunday, where they were guests offriends and relatives.Mr. Harry Saloshin and Mr. BenJoseph, who have been spending theirvacation in Paris, have returned totheir homes in Cincinnati.Mrs. Arthur Black has returnedto her home in Nicholasville, aftera visit to Mr. and Mrs. Thos. M.Funk, on South Main street.Mr. and Mrs. E. C. Arnold, ofCincinnati, are guests of Mr. andMrs. Amos Turney, Sr., at their homeon the Maysville pike, near Paris.Miss Elizabeth Campbell, of Cincinnati, is a guest of her brother, Dr.Frank P. Campbell, and Mrs. Campbell, at their home on High street.Misses Winona Bashford, ofPeeples, Ohio, and Miss MadolynDenton, of Lexington, are guests ofMiss Fannie Harris, on Walker avenue. Mrs. J. S. Lucas and son, Thos.Kendall, have returned to tneirhome in Mattoon, Illinois, after avisit to friends and relatives in thiscity and in the county.While attending the Montgomery Fair at Mt. Sterling this week,Miss Sallie Whaley, of Paris, was theguest of her sister, Mrs. HoffmanWood, and Mr. Wood.Mrs. Henrietta Berry has returned to her home in Seattle, Washington, after a visit to her sister,Mrs. J. Henry Fuhrman, and Mr.Fuhrman, on High street.Dr. M. Hume Bedford has returned to his duties in Governmentchemical laboratories at Pittsburg,Pa., after a visit to his mother, Mrs.Maria Bedford, on Pleasant street,ir this city.Mrs. J. J. Taylor, of Savannan,Georgia, accompanied by her granddaughter, Miss Margaret Taylor, hasarrived for a visit to her brother,Mr. C. O. Hinton, and Mrs. Hinton,at their home on Main street.Mrs. Fred Weckesser, of Paris,and sister, Mrs. Jeanette Pomeroy, ofLos Angeles, Cali., have gone for avisit to relatives in Elizabeth, Virginia. They will stop in Cincinnatien route for a visit to friendsE. M. WHEELER'S BIGsjypfl s fijii3-Burner, $19.00$4.00 Boss OvenSpecial Cash SaleNOW GOING ONII-$2.7525 PER CENT. OFFALL SUMMER GOODSSuch as Refrigerators, Ice BoxesPorch Furniture,Oil Stoves,OvensPorch Rugs, 6x9 Rattinnia ' $6.009x12 Brussels Rugs $15.00 up to $22.009x12 Axminster Rugs $32.00 up to $45.00Bedroom Suits 20 per cent off $25.00 up to $100.00Genuine Quartered Sawed Oak $100.00 CircassianWalnut Suit $80.00Red Gem Suit .$60.00Imitation Quartered Suit, Oak $25.00Dining Room Furniture 20 PerCent. Off.1 54-inch Top Table, Oak $35.001 60-inch Buffet, Oak $48.001 China Closet, Oak, 3 mirrors in back $48.001 Fumed Oak Pedestal Table, 45-inch top $28.001 Fumed Oak 60-inch Buffet $27.50Serving Table to match $10.001 Fumed Oak China Closet .$27.50We have Chairs to match in Fumed Oak at $2.75THIS IS ALL QUEEN ANNE STYLE.Come At Once and GetPick.wMkri&Z&"n$9i ii fill 111 II HfHHP$xHE W Jill I i!!'ImInpffjHllll iM " r n3T II 5!Mm ill. S lVi?G1BSUNREFRIGERATORS!P7iOd2-in. Post, $9.00?" MmLM.Eighth and Main Sts.WHEELERRobneel Building.$28.00.A.t..T.,f..t..f.,r..T..f..T..l..T..T..T..li.l.rf..T..T..T..T..T..T.iT.J.J.t..f.t..t.t.i Mill I, f, .f.l.fc f, fc t, fcX.t.,T.f.l. t, T I ! I 1 I M " I tHI I I I 1 1 I HI I 1 HI M jMStoopIf You Use aGarlandCabinetRangehere to ascertain where he stood inthe draft list.Mr. Ray Harris is at West Badensprings, west Jtsaaen, Indiana, tor atwo-weeks' stay.Mrs. Mayme Remington Parrishis a guest of her sister, Mrs. WilliamHoward, in Richmond.Mr. Lucien Terrell has returnedtc his home near Paris after a visitto Prof, and Mrs. J. M. McVey,Dayton, Ky.Mr. Rodney Quinby, a formerresident of Paris, and now residingin Ohio, is a guest of relatives inthis city and county.Dr. Avonia Kiser, interne in theLongview Hospital, in Cincinnati, isa guest of , his. mother, Mrs. JohnKiser, on Seventh street.Mrs. Jennie Lynn Morrett andlittle daughter, of Atlanta, Georgia,have arrived for a visit to Miss SaraDaniel, at her home on the Bethlehem pike, near Paris.Mr. Frederick A. Wallis has arrived from New York to be a guestof Mrs. Wallis at the home of herparents, Mr. and Mrs. Thos. HenryClay, Sr., on Pleasant street.Mrs. J. D. Bruer and daughter,Miss Louie Bruer, have moved toTXrirmTioof or tn rocirlo Mien T.rmioRev. and Mrs. Gilbert H. Fern.Bruer win have charge( 0f the newPM..!-.!''!-'!'.!..!..!..!...?..!. t T T T H"IT 1 1 1 If II 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1ipMsspH ,If' !A totutlful lint of Garlands on fitlay. Gmm In an look tham avar. -Paris Gas & Electric Go.(Iaaacfamtat)and babe, of Macon, ueorgia, wereguests Tuesday of Mr. and Mrs.Omar Biddle, at their home in thiscity. Rev. and Mrs. Fern were enroute to the bedside of Mrs. Fern'sfather, Mr. James H. Biddle, who isvery ill at his home in Ewing.Mr. H. D. Haynes, of Fernbank,Ohio, was a visitor several days thisweek to Paris and Bourbon countyrelatives. Mr. Haynes is a formerresident of Paris, having been manager of the Paris Distilling Co.'splant, in this city. Mrs. Haynes wasa daughter of the late Mr. John B.Trundle, of Paris.Dr. John Sweeney, of Chicago,and Rev. Wm. Sweeney, of Evansville, Indiana, were guests this weeko their mother, Mrs. John S. Sweeney, on Higgins avenue. Dr. Sweeneyis now a member of the United Statesarmy hospital corps, being stationedat Ft. Sheridan, the military trainingcamp near Chicago. Rev. Wm.Sweeney is pastor of the First Christian church, at Evansville.Reports from the Good Samaritan Hospital, at Lexington, statethat Mrs. O. P. Clay, of Paris, whohas been a patient there for someHmp following a surgical operation,is improving. Her daughter, who recently underwent an operation forappendicitis at the same institution,i oior, imnrnvine. It is hoped thatboth will be soon recovered sufficiently to enable them to be removedto their home near this city.Mr. E. T. Proctor, of Maysville,formerly principal of the Paris HighSchool, was a visitor in Paris sevnri riavfi this week. Mr. Proctorwas enroute to Maysville from Milwaukee, Wis., where he had accompanied Mr. Roy F. uienaenin, otParis, as a delegate to the meeting ofthejagenjts and managers ;.vptheNorthwester Mutual Life InsuranceCo Mr. Proctor also stopped overgirls' dormitory at the KentuckyWesleyan College at the opening ofthe school term in September.Winchester Daily Democrat:"Mr. and Mrs. W. A. Wihitcomb andMrs. J. H. MacNeill were visitors inParis, Sunday. .. .Prof. C. M. Best,or Millersburg, was a visitor in Winchester, Monday. .. .Messrs. DavidFeld and H. Margolen, of Paris, werevisitors in Winchester, Monday."The following Paris people spentSunday in Lexington at Camp Stanley as guests of Mr. King Culbertson, of Paris: Mrs. Maggie Culbertson, Misses Edith, Irene and EthelCulbertson, Mrs. Herman McCarthyand Mrs. Rosabelle McCarthy. Mr.Culbertson is a member of Co. B. ofthe Second Regiment K. N. G.Mr. L. T. Leach, formerly ofParis, has arrived from Toledo, Ohio,where he is in the employ of theOverland automobile people, for avisit to his parents, Mr. and Mrs.Marion Leach, in this city. Mr.Leach says the Paris boys in Toledo,Detroit, Akron and Dayton are all doing well, but may have to go withsome of the American troops whencalled to the colors.The Daily Sun, Winchester:"Miss Mattie Bryan gave an informaldinner on Monday evening in honorof the campers who will leave onWednesday for Red Den, on the Kentucky River. In the evening theguests went to Paris and were entertained by Mr. and Mrs. Sam Willisand Miss Margaret Willis Messrs.John W. Young, Jr., and StanleyYoung, of near Paris, Mr. A. S.Thompson, of Paris. ,and Mr. P- C.Lisle, of Hutchison, were among "thecourt day visitors in this city. . .MissFanny Ingels, o Danville,who isspending the summer "with Mrs.Fanny Bean, spent Tuesday as theguest of friends in Paris."(Other Personals on Page 5.) . iTwin Bros. Department Store :lWE CLOSE AT 5 P. M. EXCEPT SATURDAYS AND COURT DAYS10 DOZENLadiesWaistsin many beautiful patterns,go atLaceCurtainsIn many designs,all good values,98c PairWash SkirtsYou have the advantage .to iselect your skirt from the many,different patterns which wehave in stock79 CentsAND UPtThe Ladies' Home Journal Advance Styles iStart Your Girls' School Clothes Now. Now on Sale at the Pattern Counter.NO PATTERN OVER 15 CENTSI...I..I..V.I..l..ToInlMl..T,.TMlnTMTnT..T..T..T..t.lT.A.t..T..T.A.TMT.lTMrnl.t.f f ? H H tt t HI f I 1 I I I 1H' ! 1UUProtectYour EyesFrom the heat and dust withour Goggles and Shades!IM II I H I I .titnl, j.,1, nnniiitf !.. 'fiHHIHUimim- UNUSUALBARGAI INSIN ALLLOW FOOTWEARWe have a complete assortment. Don't triflewith your eyesight. Itis the most valuablegift of nature. For firstclass service, see usWe Fit WhereOthers FailWomen's Men's and Children'sPumps and Oxfords at less thanpresent cost. Yon can save $1.00or $1.50 on each pair. All stylesand all sizes: Don't delay, asthey are going fast.ilAKKY.3.FRYE & FRANKLINDOCTORS OF OFfdniiitRYDew BMg.y opp. Windsor HahiiiiiiiiiiiiminiitiiimMiiM..mLINViLLEKGX FODfc"VTHE BOURBON NEWS, PARIS, KY.FRIDAY, JULY 27, 1917.,tVS:iitaeiillHritThe Bourbon NewsEstablished- 188136 YearsUnions Publication.of Con-Bubllshed Every Tuesday and Friday.Per Year. ..$2.00 Six Months.;. $1.00Payable in Advance.WIFT CHAMP, Editor and Owner."(Entered at the Paris, Kentucky,Postoffice as Mail Matter of theSecond Class.)MAKE 'EM BE CAREFUL.At certain hours in the businessdistricts of Paris a person standingon the sidewalks or walking alongthem is apt to be run into into andinjured by some careless boys whopersist in using the pavements asspeedways for their bicycles. Thesehoys have neither bells, or horns orlights on their machines, in spite ofthe city ordinance prescribing use ofsame.Then, when they have been forcedout into the streets by bicycle riders, they are liable to be run over bythe speedomaniacs who think the pedestrian has absolutely no right atall on earth. Careful drivers obeythe laws, and show some consideration for the poor mortal -whose business compels him to occasionallytake his life in his hands and endeavor to cross the street at a corner: Others are not so considerate.They will sound their warning horns,yet not slack one iota of the breakneck speed at which they may bedriving.Bicycle riders caught riding theirwheels day or night without warningbells or lights, or who ride on thesidewalks of the city in violation ofthe express provisions of the ordinance forbidding such, should betaught a lesson, irrespective of theirage, color, sex, or station in life.Complaints have been made of delivery boys and others who persist inriding wheels without having warning bells or horns or lights attach,ed, and it is a wonder that seriousaccidents have been averted so long.Stick on some stiff fines for someof .these fellows, and see if it willnave any effect. "Will it?is is 1WHEAT CONTINUES TO DO AVIATION STUNT.Wheat, figuratively speaking, wasup in the air on the Paris marketyesterday, the highest price of theseason, $2.35 per bushel, being themarket figures for the new wheatfrom the thresher, and hardly anydelivered at that. Flour was quotedat .$14.50 per barrel.The same prices were quoted atdozens of places throughout Kentucky. The most notable advancewas at Franklin, Ky., where thebighest price ever known, $2.50, waspaid for the cereal. The quotationsgiven above were from the ParisMilling Cos office.Mil 4 4 41144 4 4444 444J We are featuring thevery latest styles in JBathingCapsYou have only toglance at our large variety to be convincedthat your favorite isamong them.Arrange to see thesenew arrivals. They'reexquisite and there's anexceptionally strikingcreation for every individual. Don't miss this opportunity. Brooks & Snapp fDrag CompanyTht PENSLAR Stent IIIHIIIMIHIIIIIIIllHiSHROP-The annual reunion of the descendants of the late James HarveyShropshire was held at the old familyhonie near Leesburg, in Harrisoncounty, now the home of Mrs. W. O.Shropshire, this year.Seventy-nine members of the family were present, some coming fromother States to attend. In the morning they attended services at theLeesburg church, and heard a sermondelivered by Rev. Newton H. Shropshire, of Clintonville, Bourbon county, a member of the family. A sumptuous dinner was served, and in theafternoon the following officers wereelected:President James H. Shropshire;vice-president Walter Shropshire;secretary and treasurer W. Henderson Shropshire; historian Mrs. J. L.Waites; assistant historian I. C.Shropshire.The following descendants andmembers of the family by marriagefrom this city and county were present and partook of the pleasures ofthe day: Mr. and Mrs. HarveyShropshire, Paris; Mrs. Anna BelleWallace, Paris; Mr. and Mrs. CarlieWilmoth, Misses Myra and MaryWilmoth, Paris, Mrs. W. O. Shropshire, Paris; Mrs. Amelia Shropshire,Austerlitz; Mr. Newton Shropshire,Clintonville.P3 feICE CREAM SUPPER BY CHURCHMISSION CIRCLE.The members of the Mission Circleof the Christian Church will give anice cream supper Satarday afternoonand evening on the lawn at the homeof Messrs. Edward and Thomas Owings, at the corner of Pleasant andFifth streets.The entertainment will be for thebenefit of the Mission Band, an admission price of twenty-five cents being charged. The public is cordially invited to attend.Announcement had been previouslymade of the event, but at that timethe place of giving the supper hadnot been definitely decided. Thisnotice is to apprise the public in general and the friends of the MissionCircle in particular. A good time isassured all who may attend.IS IS ISTHE "BIG" DANCE.Central Kentucky society peopleare awaiting the premier social eventof the season, the big annual Augustdance, to be given in the MasonicTemple ballroom, in Paris, on theevening of Wednesday, August 1.Music for the dancers will be furnished by the Smith Saxophone Orchestra. John M. Stuart and Ireland"Bit" Davis, dance promotors extraordinary, have charge of arrangements. Nothing will be left undoneto make the dance one of the mostenjoyable yet given by these gentlemen. Smith's Saxophone Orchestrawill positively play at this dance onthe date, August 1. Messrs. Stuartand Davis advise paying no attentionto reports to the contrary.IS fat toEVERY SHAPE.All straw hats at half price, including boys hats and hats for thelittle tot.J. W. DAVIS & CO.to to toBOURBON COUNTY HORSE WINSMONTGOMERY DERBY.Clare, a Bourbon county horse,owned by Mr. Kenney Nichols, ofParis, landed the Montgomery Derby,the premier racing event at the Mt.Sterling Fair, which opened Wednesday. The track was heavy, followinga heavy rain. Irish gentleman tooksecond place, and Mary H. third.The race was for a $500 purse.The fair began with a good crowdand good prospects, but a heavy rainin the afternoon caused the postponement of the 2:25 pacing race until Thursday. The 2:20 trot wascalled off.The half-mile running race waswon by Miss Minn, owned by JamesH. Baker, of Lexington. Tom Manson, owned by J. M. Hubbard, of Louisville, was second and Nancy Clancy,owned by John Bradley, of Lexington, was third. Time, 10Dengro, owned by Mrs. J. M. Hubbard, of Louisville, led the field forthe three-quartes but bolted, losing"the race. The time was 1: 57 for mileand one-eighth.Bourbon county was representedI by a large delegation of horsemenland others interested in fairs andtheir attractions.to to toGAS MASKS.The use of poisonous gases in modern warfare has become so much therule, since the practice was inceptedby the Germans in April, 1915, that agas mask is invariably a part of theequipment of the man at the front.The American gas mabk is said tocombine the best features of the German and English, and to be absolutely proof against gases for a periodof 10 hours. The breath is drawnthrough a mouth tube, passingthrough a canister of chemicalswhich neutralize the gases. A clampprevents the man from breathingthrough the nose, so that all the inhaled air must pass through the canister. Some of the trench masks aremuch simpler than this, notably oneof the French types, which consistssimply of a cloth saturated in chemicals drawn over the head, through1 which the soldier breathes, eitherwith nose or mouth at will.ANNUAL REUNION OFSHEEtE FAMILY.judge McMillan to conductspeaking campaign.TO THE DEMOCRATIC VpTERS OFBOURBON COUNTY:Finding that the duties of myoffice do not permit me to make athorough house to house canvas andfeeling that several matters shouldbe thoroughly explained to the votersin regard to my race for CountyJudge, I will .address the Democraticvoters setting forth my claims forendorsement to the office of CountyJudge in the various precincts on thefollowing dates given below.My opponent, Mr. George Batterton, is cordially invited to be present and explain to the voters whythey should not give me the sameendorsement of a second term thathe is now enjoying.Hutchison, Thursday, July 26,7:30 p. m.Little Rock, Friday, July 27, 7:30p. m. iNorth Middletown, Saturday, July28, 3:00 p. m.C. A. McMILLAN.fgj l s .GOVERNMENT PUBLICATION ONBLUEGRASS LIVESTOCK.The United States Department ofAgriculture has recently issued a bulletin (Farmer's Bulletin 812), entitled "How Live Stock is Handled inthe Bluegrass Region of Kentucky."The material is obtained from a survey of 187 farms and summarizes thesuccessful methods used by thesefarmers. The phamphlet containsmatter that will be of profit to farmers throughout the State. Copies maybe obtained from the Division ofPublications, United States Department of Agriculture, Washington,D. C.to to toNOTICE.All parties indebted to me arerequested to plase call and settle ATONCE. Our goods are sold on closemargin and our profits are small.Our bills are due in 30 days and mustbe paid. If-you owe us you MUSTpay NOW, as we need the money. Allbill not settled before August 1 willbe placed in the hands of our attorney for collection, with instructionto collect or bring suit on same.MRS. CORNE BAIRD.(27-3t)to to toCAN'T DISMISS THEM.Nurses employed by the variouscounties of the State have no authority to send children from sclloolwhen they are found to have infectious or contaigious diseases. Thisauthority is vested in the countyhealth officers. Numerous complaintshave been made to State Superintendent Gilbert that nurses in severalcounties of the State have dismissedchildren from school when found tohave infectious or contagious diseases. Supt. Gilbert is willing to cooperate with the health officers indismissing such children from school,but intends to stop nurses from following this practice.to to toNO ATTORNEY NECESSARY TOPREPARE AFEIDAVITS.Rumors have been circulated tothe effect that the services of an attorney will be necessary in preparingaffidavits in regard to matters pertaining t.o exemption before theBourbon County Board of Exemption.Investigation by a NEWS representative disclosed the fact thatsuch is not the case. Blanks will befurnished by the local Board uponwhich the necessary affidavits may befilled out, without the services of anattorney in any way being required.IXAMES SWEEP DISTILLERY.Fire, which caused damage estimated at $100,000, destroyed themash house and granary of the OldKentucky Distillery, at Louisville,Tuesday night. John Myers, nightwatchman, who discovered the fire,was burned seriously.to to toB-4 PI REInsure withW.O.HINTON &SON,Agtsto to toDRAFTED MEN MUST WATCH FOROFFICIAL LIST.Under the latest ruling of the Provost Marshal, as sent out to the pressfrom headquarters at Washington,the responsibility of answering is putentirely upon the shoulders of themen drafted. They will be expectedto watch for the official list whichwill be posted at the office of theBoard of Exemption, and, althoughthey will be sent a notice throughthe mail, their time will be countedfrom the time of posting the notice.Nearly every drafted man in Bourbon county knows his red ink number by this time and must watch thedraft board's notice for his number.to to toMANAGER DRAFTED, MOVIEHOUSE CLOSES DOORSManager Salter, of the Gem Theatre, movie picture house at Maysville,having been drafted for army service,has closed the doors of his popularhouse and gone to his home in Circleville, Ohio, to arrange his businessaffairs.Manager Salter gives as anotherreason the falling off in business dueto warm weather cutting down theattendance, the business being runconsequently at a loss. It 1s said thatthe house will be reopened late in.the fall under another managementHEAVYHAIL DAMAGESAND TOBACCO.CORNHail is reported 'to have donethousands of dollars worth of damage in Clark county during the pastfew days and C. B. Stewart, of Winchester, underwriters and adjustorsfor Clark county has received information of the destruction of tobaccoand other crops. Al Duckworth hada crop of tobacco on his farm nearThompson Station ruined by hail lastFriday night and that of JamesSwope on the Thompson place in thesame neighborhood was also almostcompletely destroyed.A big crop of tobacco in the Escondida vicinity, owned by Jones &Fluty, of Winchester, was ruined bythe hail. Crops on the farms ofJames O. Evans, on the Pretty Runpike, and Nelson Mason, who had acrop well up on his place near NorthMiddletown, were destroyed. In theWades Mill vicinity a big crop on thefarm of Mr. Laban Cockrell was riddled by the hail.The Cynthiana Democrat says:"Mr. Will Sandy was here yesterdayadjusting losses on tobacco from hail.He says hail has done much damagein Bourbon county and considerabledamage in the northern edge of Harrison. The rest of Harrison countyhas escaped very well so far."to to toTobacco Hail Insurance.Thomas, Woodford & Bryan.to to toDISTRICT EXEMPTION BOARDSWILL MEET NEXT TUESDAYThe District Exemption Board forthe Eastern District of Kentucky, inwhich Bourbon county is located, willmeet to organize next Tuesday atRichmond. The Second DistrictBoard will meet at Louisville and theWestern District Board at BowlingGreen.This is the board which will hearappeals from the rulings of the localexemption boards and also will passoriginally on occupational exemptions. to to toA BEAUTIFUL SIGHT.Read The A. J. Winters Co.'s advertisement and see what is in storefor you.(tf) THE A. J. WINTERS CO.to to toTHE WAR.All hope of a short war has beenblastejl by the breaking down of theRussian offensive in the opinion ofofficials in Washington, it was stated Wednesday night. That the defeat would have a direct and possiblyimmediate effect on America was generally conceded. It also declared thatonly a movement that would compelthe flank of the German Army inBelgium to be withdrawn can hopeto break the Teutonic western linesfor many months.to to toDERBIES LOSE IN POPULARITY.(Providence Journal.)Where are all the Derby hats ofyesterday? Why do only a few menwear them any more?Blame is on the seductive soft hat.Blame it on motor cars, which donot agree with Derbies or high hats.A man under a derby in a motor cargoing more than three miles anhour looks as incongruous as a Derbywearer, coat off and a cigar betweenhis teeth, paddling a canoe.Blame it on the seductive sofe hat.sound flippant, but it isn't. The warhas done a great deal to popularizethe soft hat. Look into the widowsshowing summer styles for men andnote the military lines and names.Note the wide brims, the absence ofconspicuous bands, the trim touchthat suggests training and discipline. "The soft hat has passed throughmany freak styles and experiments,"said a haberdasher. "Its comfort isits first quality. It conforms easilyto the head, is light in weight, andisn't badly hurt if it happens to bestepped or sat on or run over in thestreet."PAINTAt Less than PresentWholesale Cost!To close out about $150 worthof strictly first class paint weoffer:1-gallon cansatHalf-gallon cansatQuart cansat -Pint cansat...$2.00$1.0050c25cAil Varnishes and Stains atEqual Reductions.BusyBeeCashStore"Tha Store Far Dally Bargain"H''H'4 't'l-H"H ! 1 -HH Mill H"l II II I I'll 1 1 II H II II UTtSome Time in AugustWe will be pleased to show you the mostcomplete line ofWatches(gMlIKIwimm WDSelfce most wairtjfulwcrfcAmyzmenca .8frVERITHINHighest perfectionattainable in class markedJBADE"ASKin Yellow Gold, GreenGold, Platinum, Diamond Incrusted and Silver ones in styles toonumerous to mention,iny-!Ranging in Price From$12.50 to $650.00One and all are invited to see this beautiful line.It is not necessary that you purchase a watch Wemerely want you to see this display of perfect timepieces.Date of Display Will BeAnnounced Later.The A. J. WINTERS CO.PARIS,hftyify'ttyiyytyyii 1 1 1 1 1 hhh itiiit;McCORMICKBINDERSHave Stood The TestGet a McCormickAnd You'll Have The BestWE HAVE A2. Ball Garage.uor. rourai anaGents' and Ladies'in America.The Gruen Watch Manufacturing Company,s representative will be at ourstore for two days andwill display Gruen 's fulland complete line ofGents' and Ladies' most accurate timepieces.You are cordially invited tocall and inspect the "MostBeautiful Watch in America'!GENTS' AND LAPSESKiiE-niTiJ91WE.HI 1 OllWatches and WristletsKENTUCKYLARGE STOCKfeasant 9t.tt44&".iyA t, -v.' , V- M W.jfr'v - cv --u, 1 -,FRIDAY, JULY 27, 1917..THE BOURBON TSEWS, PARIS, KY..PAGEFIVBFOR THE BESTNOTHING ELSEHtEE LIST SUSPENDED; NOTICETO THE PUBLIC.SOCIAL AND PERSONAL.Comings and Goings of OurPeople Here, There andElsewhere.No more free copies of the BOURBON NEWS.No more free copies of the Ken-tuckian-Citizen.No more free copies of the ParisDemocrat.Single copies of paper five centseach.The high cost of all materials thatenter into the production of newspapers compel the publishers as amatter of self-protection and economy to adopt this course.Subscribers who fail to receivetheir paper, and advertisers whosecontracts include the paper, will bepromptly supplied.SWIFT CHAMP,Publisher BOURBON NEWS.BRUCE MILLER,Publisher Kentuckian-Citizen.WM. REMINGTON,Publisher Paris Democrat.July 27, 1917.TS t3 feTobacco Hail Insurance.Thomas, Woodford & Bryan.fa a isIS THIS THE BEGINNING?The Central Kentucky Natural GasCompany, Tuesday, published noticethat after the reading of meters inthe month of July, at Lexington, therate on all gas furnished for domestic purposes and for gas engine service will be 40 cents per 1,000 cubicfeet, a raise of 5 cents per 1,000, thelimit of charge that can be made under the franchise granted by the cityof Lexington.E3 TS ISREAD THE ADVERTISEMENT.An advertisement appears on page4 of to-day's BOURBON NEWS aboutwhat The A. J. Winters Co. are goingto have in their store in August.Read it over. (tf)151 )RS fe.WELL, REALLY, WE WOULD IFWE COULD.PARTY AT "XALAPA."Nearly every day THE NEWScffice has been called upon for information in regard to the work ofthe Bourbon County ExemptionBoard. We have had to inform thecallers that we know no more aboutit than they do.When the Board is ready to beginwork they will notify those draftedand the public will be thoroughly informed of their meeting in plenty oftime. All that the drafted men cando is to sit steady in the boat andwait.a Jea 3RIGHT.If your straw hat comes fromDavis' it is right. Half price, too.J. W. DAVIS & CO.m m iBLACKBERRIES! BLACKBERRIES !If you want them you had betterget busy. Leave your order with us.(It) t C. P. COOK & CO.' TS IS feELECTION TIME DRAWING NEARREADY, BOYS?The time for holding the State primary election for candidates for cityand county offices is only about eightdays away, and the candidates are asbusy as a dog with an assortment offleas disposited about his anatomy.During these remaining days it isexpected that things will be morethan lively in several of the countyTaces. The remaining days will morethan likely be spent by the candidates in the country among the farmers, and their Saturdays in the cityamong those who come here. Thecampaign for county offices so far asthe city is concerned has been arather warm one all the while, butthings are just beginning to getheated up in the county, according tothe latest reports.ts is TSJUST RECEIVED.From New York yesterday a shipment of Children's wash suits in military styles. What every boy wants.J. W. DAVIS & CO.is Ts PaMOST BEAUTIFUL WATCH IN THEWORLD. .vSome time in August the representative of the Gruen Watch Manufacturing Co. will be at our store withtheVost beautiful watches in America. Read the advertisement in thisissue,(tf)Mrs. W. T. Redmon is visitingfriends and relatives in Louisville.Mrs. J. Miller Ward has returnedfrom a visit to friends in Louisville.Miss Willie Campbell, of Frankfort, is a guest of friends in thiscity.Mrs. Evelyn Buck, of Paris, is aguest of Mr. and Mrs. Price Calk, inMt. Sterling.Mrs. Florence Green, daughterof Mrs. Mary E. Redmon, is very illat her home on Walker avenue.Mr. Harry Simon has returnedfrom a business trip to Chicago.Mrs. Simon will leave Sunday forNew York on a business trip.Mr. and Mrs. Chas. Greene andchildren, Messrs. Walter, Martin andHarry Jones are attending the Mt.Sterling fair this week.Miss Lucille Sprake, of Louisville, is a guest of Paris relatives fora few days. Miss Sprake is en routeto Detroit, Mich., to visit her mother,Mrs. Lucy Sprake, formerly of Paris.Richmond Register: "MissesEunice Strother, of Cynthiana, andElizabeth Clark, of Paris, spent theweek-end with Miss Sophia Wilson ather home, Sunny Lawn, Red House."Miss Mary Ellis, daughter ofRev. and Mrs. W. E. Ellis, has returned from a visit to relatives andfriends in Glasgow. She was accompanied by her grandmother, Mrs.Mary Dickerson.Flemingsburg Times-Democrat;"Bruce Har,mon and daughter, ofParis, were here Monday, guests ofGeo. Faulconer and wife .... MissNancy Dent McCartney came in fromParis, Tuesday morning to visit relatives." Mr. Rodney R, Quinby, of Oklahoma City, Okla., who has been attending the Convention of AddinsrMachine Salesmen at Detroit, Michigan, is a guest of his grandmother,Mrs. Mary E. Redmon, in this city.Mr. James Thompson, Jr., ofnear Paris, underwent a successfulopreation for appendicitis at GoodSamaritan hospital, Wednesday nightThe operation was performed by Dr.Barrow. Mr. Thompson was restingeasy last night.Mrs. James Bryant, of NorthMiddletown, accompanied by her'-daughter, Mrs. F. Skinner Kerr andduaghter, Miss Mary Frances Kerr,of Winchester, left Wednesday morning for a motor trip to Niagara Fallsand other points of interest in theEast.Mr. Robert Stolworthy, of Cincinnati, is visiting relatives in Parisand Bourbon county. Mr. Stolworthyis an old Paris boy, who has beenresiding in Cincinnati many years.One of his chief delights is his annual summer visit to his old homeand old friends.Mrs. William Watson Judy entertained delightfully a number ofguests at cards in her apartments inthe Robneel Flat Wednesday morningin compliment to her cousin, Mrs.Wm. McPherson, of Salt Lake City,Utah. Mrs. McPhercon, who wasformerly Miss Georgia Rion, is visiting her mother, Mrs Jos. M. Rion,on Second street.The Frankfort State Journal ofWednesday says: "Miss AugustaGlass, of Lynchburg, Va., and Washington, D. C, passed through hereyesterday en route from Paris toNashville, Tenn., where she will visitfriends before returning home.She recently concluded a visit toMiss Elise Kidd in this city and after leaving here went to Paris for afew days' stay with Mrs. SwiftChampe."Mrs. R. B. Hutchcraft, MissesMary Fithian Hutchcraft, HelenHutchcraft and Valette McClintockreturned Wednesday from an automobile trip to Ft. Benj. Harrison, nearIndianapolis, Ind. While there theywere guests of Mr. Reuben Hutchcraft, of Paris, who is a member ofthe Officers' Reserve Corps at theCamp. They report the Bourboncounty contingent all well and enjoying camp life.Cynthiana Democrat: "Mr. andMrs. J. W. Bacon and Miss ClaraBacon, of Paris, were guests of Capt.C. E. Peterson and wife, Sunday. . . .Rev. and Mrs. J. T. Sharrard camefrom Paris, Wednesday, to spend several days with Mrs. Margaret Griffith,at Silver Lake Misses Willie andFlorence Kennedy, of Paris, and MissEdith McLoney, of Connersville, spentthe week-end with Mrs. Will Mc-Kenney, of Jacksonville MissesNettie and Bessie Talbott have beenvisiting Mr. and Mrs. E. C. Clevelandin Bourbon."(Continued on Page 6.)One of the social events in Pariswhich was enjoyed by about fiftyguests Wednesday was the swimmingparty and picnic supper given at"Xalapa, "the beautiful country placeof Mr. Edward Simms, between Parisand North Middletown.Mrs. Katherine Davis Craig, ofParis, was the promotor of the event,which was attended by representativesociety people from surroundingtowns. The occasion was informaland delightful in every way. Afteracquatic sports in the big pool on theestate a delicious picnic was servedin the beautiful grove which was thescene of much enjoyment on the dayof the big "fish fry." Among theout-of-town guests were Dr. and Mrs.Rhodes Arnspiger, Mr. and Mrs. Harry Brower, Mr. and Mrs. Wm. Stoll,Jr., Mrs. Minerva Goodwin and MissLida Clay Ingels, of Lexington.ta feIT PAYS TO ADVERTISE.Good, reliable help is as difficultto find ordinarily as a needle in ahay stack. Unless you are extremelyfortunate you are likely to be disappointed by selecting from the limited few who offer themselves.The -only efficient method of seeking the properly qualified party isthrough the advertising column ofTHE NEWS. We take your messageand deliver it into the hands not onlyof one but of dozens of people whoare competent in the particular lineof work you desire done. A little"local" or a classified one-inch "ad"is sure to do the work, and doitmore satisfactorily than you couldever imagine possible. Like the patent medicine, "It has helped others, itwill help you."THE A. . WINTERS CO.S'CREAM SUPPERS."The ice cream supper, with itswealth of frozen delicacies and tooth-some'cakes served by the deft fingersof handsome waitresses is again withus.it the Hill School House, on theHawkins & Cummins pike, near Jackpnville, next Saturday, patrioticadies of the vicinity, wishing to contribute their mite to the BourbonCounty Red Cross fund, will serve icerrAflm and cakes, besides offering avaried program in a social way. Theadmission, will be 25 cents.On the same anight the Mission Circle of the Paris Christian Church willgive an ice cream supper for a, worthy cause. The place has not yetbeen decided upon, but will be announced in. a later issue.HOLSTEIN WILL PROBATED.In the Fayette County Court thelast will and testament of Mrs. Emilie Gilman Holstein, who died at herhome in Lexington, recently, was admitted to probate.By the terms of the instrumentwhich is dated February 26, 1916, allher property is left to members of herfamily. Her son, Capt. otto moistein, now a member of the KentuckyState Guard, is named as executor ofthe estate.Mrs. Holstein was the widow of thelate Otto Holstein, who was a resident nf Paris many years ago, andwas a sister of the late Oscar Gilman,who was one of the pioneers in thetUTkey slaughtering and packingbusiness in Paris.bm toe fetSWIMMING CLASS AT THE Y.M. C. A.The swimming classes for womenbeing instructed at the Y. M. C. A.gymnasium by Miss Harriet Rogerscontinue to hold the attention ofParis women. The attendance.each meeting of the class averagesforty-five, all of whom are makingrapid progress in acquiring the art.Among the new members are Mrs.Samuel Clay, Mrs. Alex Buckner,Misses Mae Hall, Mary and MargaretPetree.Green Peas Green BeansHead Lettuce TomatoesCucumbers OkraEgg Plant CymlinsBlackberriesPeachesWatermelons CanteloupesCelerySTEAKS CHOPSROASTSFresh Rolls Fresh BreadFresh CakesEvery DayWILMOTHGrocery Co.Phone 3764fc? WjrThil iitheVictrola X, $75I-Little folksenjoy theVictrolaThey enjoy the catchy musicas well as the big folks and theysoon get to have "favorites" oftheir own.There are besides special chilren's records of well-known songsand recitations which are thechildren's own.Brine the children into bear some of the special Victor Records forchildren. We'll Eidlyplay them and tell you howeasy it is to get a Victoror Victrola $10 to $400.MDaughertyBros.Paris, KentuckyJULY CLEARANCE SALE!Commencing at once; continuing tillfall Summer Goods aresold:Clearance Specials in Waists$1.50 Waists at. .2.00 Waists at.2.50 Waists at,3.00 Waists at.4.00 Waists at.5.00 Waists at.6.00 Waists at.7.50 Waists at.. . . ."OC$1.391.792.252.983.954.505.75Clearance Specials in SkirtsLadies' 1.50 Wash Skirts at 98cLadies' 3.00 Wash Skirts at $ 1 .98Ladies' 5.00 Wash Skirts at. 3.98Ladies' 7.50 Wash Skirts at 4.75Ladies' 7.50 Silk and Wool Skirts . . 4.98Ladies' 10. 00 Silk and Wool Shirts . . 7.50Sadies' 15.00 Silk and Wool Skirts. . 9.98Women's Handsome Tailored SuitsLadies' $15.00 Suits at.Ladies' 20.00 Suits at.$7.50 I Ladies' $25.00 Suits at$9.95 I Ladies' $30.00 Suits at$12.50$14;50Women's Summer Dresses$6.50 and $7.50 Dresses at $4.75$10.00 Dresses at $7.75$15.00 Dresses at $11 .98$45.00 Dresses at$20.00 Dresses at$25.00 Dresses at$30.00 Dresses at$29,50$15.75$19.75$24.50Clearance Specials in CoatsLadies'. $7.50 Goats at $4.99Ladies' $10.00 Coats at $6.98Ladies' $15.00 Coats at $9.98Ladies' $20.00 Coats at $ 1 2.50Ladies' $25.00 Coats at $ 1 9.75Clearance Specials in SilkSweaters.Misses' and Ladies' $10.00Silk Sweaters at $7.50Misses' and Ladies' $12.50Silk Sweaters at $9.98Clearance Specials in Lace Curtains$1.50 Lace Curtains at 98c1.75 Lace Curtains at $ 1 .252.00 Lace Curtains at 1 .482.50 Lace Curtains at 1 .753.00 Lace Curtains at .... , 2.253.50 Lace Curtains at 2.654.00 Lace Curtains at 2.754.50 Lace Curtains at 3.255.00 Lace Curtains at 3,5QClearance Specials inMuslinWear75c Muslin Gowns at 59c$1.00 Muslin Gowns at 79c$1.50 Muslin Gowns at 98c$2.00 Muslin Gowns at $ 1 .39$2.50 Muslin Gowns at $ 1 .6935c Muslin Pants at 29c50c Muslin Pants at 39c$1.00 Muslin Pants at 79c$1.25 and $1.50 Muslin Skirts at 98c$3.00 Muslin Skirts at $1.48$2.50 Muslin Skirts at $1.9850c Corset Covers at 39c75c Corset Covers at 59c$1.00 Corset Covers at 79c$1.50 Corset Covers at $1.19Princess Slips and Combination Suits at Half Price.$1.00 values at . . . .50c $2.00 values at. .$1-00$1.50 values at. . . .75c $2.50 values at. .$1-25$3.00 values at $1-50This Sale is Strictly Cash NoCredit.HARRY SIMONStore Closes at 5 P. M. Except SaturdayFOR YOUWe have for you some of the BIGGEST BARGAINS we have ever offered inKaltex Porch FurnitureLawn SwingsPorch SwingsRefrigeratorsand HammocksWe are disposing of these articles at the prices we areoffering themFOR CASH ONLY4You know when we say reductions we MEAN REDUCTIONS !THEJ.T.HINTOJVCO.MOTOR HEARSEMOTOR INVALID COACHUNDERTAKING"EITHERPHONE" 36SIXTH AND MAIN STS.M,.FRIDAY, JULY 27, 1917,THE BOURBON NEWS, PARIS, KY.- ESf'illm7fICAUSE OF DESPONDENCY.Despondency is often caused byindigestion and constipation, and.quickly disappears when Chamberlain's Tablets are taken. These tablets strengthen the digestion andmove the bowels.(adv-july)LOST.Gold locket with small diamond incenter. Picture of lady and childInside. Initial of "A. E. S." on back.Leave at BOURBON NEWS officeand receive reward. (24-2t)ESTRAYED.HELPFUL WORDS FROM A PARISCITIZEN.From the farm of Miss LetitiaClay, on the Winchester pike nearParis, one bronze gobbler, two hensand forty-four spring turkeys, allmarked with hog-rings in gills. Lastreported seen in vicinity of Clintonville. Information leading to theirrecovery will be rewarded.(july24-tf)For Rent.Beautiful brick cottage on Highstreet. All modern improvements.Apply to(20-) 3t) . THE FAIR.FOR SALEA good 6-year-old gelding. Gooddriver, perfectly gentle, not afraid ofanything. Will stand without hitching. Can be bought at a bargain.E. M. WHEELER,(22-tf) Eighth and Main, Paris, Ky.Is your back lame and painful? 'Does it ache especially after exertion? Is there a soreness in the kidneyregion?If so, there is danger in delay.Weak kidneys get fast weaker.' Give your trouble prompt attention. Doan's Kidney Pills are for weakkidneys.Your neighbors use and recommendRead this Paris testimony.Mrs. A. L. Burley 329 Eighth St.,Paris, says: I have used Doan'sKidney Pills a few times, gettingthem from the Ardery Drug Co., andfrom the benefit I have received, Icertainly think they are a good, reliable remedy. Whenever my kidneys have been irregular in action ormy back has been weak and lame, Ihave used a box or so of Doan's Kidney Pills. They have always relieved me of the complaint."Price 60c, at all dealers. Don'tsimply ask for a kidney remedy getDoan's Kidney Pills the same thatMrs. Burley had. Foster-MilburnCo., Props., Buffalo, N. Y.For Sale.Several used automobiles. Thesecars are all in good condition and canbe bought right for cash.DICKERSON & DOUGLAS GARAGE.(3-tf)LOST.At the L. & N. Tenth Street passenger station in Paris, or on thestreets of Paris, a silver mesh bagcontaining two tickets to Maysville,a ring, a photo of a young girl, andS2 In currency. Finder please returnto this office and receive reward.Scrap Iron Wanted.I am paying fifty cents per hundredfor all kinds of scrap Iron. Not lessthan 1,000 pounds. This material cabe weighed at any city scales. This Ito be rellvered to the cars on the LouIsville & Nashville tracks, opposltthe freight depot.Call us over the Cumberland 'phon347-J.MAX MUNICH,Eighth Street, Paris, Ky.(oct20lyr)Notice To ThePublic!The State law requires that eachchil shall be vaccinated beforeentering school.The law must be enforced. Parents .and guardians will please takenotice and govern themselves accordingly. By order of theTHE BOARD OF HEALTH,A. H. KELLER,(20-4t) City Health Officer.FARMERS, ATTENTION!Since the inauguration of the"Goods Roads" movement in Kentucky and the construction of manymiles of the best roads found inAmerica, this State has been quite ahaven for tourists, coming from almost every State in the Union.Many of our farmers have failed torecognize an dgrasp the benefits derived through the medium of publicity, in placing their names on gatesand entrances to their farms. I amcalling upon the land-owners in everycounty in this Commonwealth toplease have a board or sign painted,giving the name of the owner of eachfarm, also the name of the farm, ifsame bears such, and post in a conspicious place, on the gate or post atthe entrance to the farm. This willrequire but little effort and expenseupon the part of each land-owner andthe benefits derived through suchsimple and inexpensive methods ofpublicity can not be over-estimated.MAT S. COHEN,Commissioner of Agriculture.te te 5TUBERCULOSIS SYMPTOMS.The early symptoms of consumption are persistent cough and continued hoarseness, loss of weight andappetite, run down, tired feeling, persistent pain in the chest, afternoontemperature, night sweats, spittingof blood, and streaks of blood in thesputum. These symptoms shouldcause anyone to consult a physicianas delay may prove dangerous.Taken in its Incipiency, consumptioncan be cured. If allowed to run on,it becomes difficult to cure it. Thebest method of cure is sanatoriumtreatment, but when that is impossible the treatment may be followed athome, if the patient can be givenplenty of nourishing food, fresh air,kept perfectly clean and will followthe advice of a competent physician.To avoid the infection of others thesputum should be expectorated incups or other suitable receptaclesand burned and other precautions observed. If unable to get sanatoriumtreatment, write to Dr. W. L. Heizer,Secretary of the State TuberculosisCommission at Frankfort and he willsend a pamphlet which deals exclusively with the home treatment.1-1 1 1 1 discourage,'vrnznyvujcziconfused.- nervous, tired, Worried or despondent it is a.ur ei on vrtu nnyn i 'antK v citinrcBUI W ) J Mr-r w w -v - w 7PILLS: lney renew tne normal vigor aiwcfotdnieafttfWaiiAMS MFG.COrpt..CUrUJ. OWUBERDORFER, The DruggistPILLS: They "renew the normalwgor aimake life worth living Be sure and askMott's NerverinePilb JJfcSayrgryryT T Ti!iIIIIIIit k ifT 1ProtectYour FamilyThere' no surer way of providing for the ones you love thanbanking your cash.The man with money in bankis prepared for a business reverse or loss of position.Cash in bank gives him a hewgrip on life.Deposit your surplus cashnow. Don t waste it. Don'tdelay.You'll be surprised to seehow an account grows.See Us today about an account.?SiPwvyifyiyiyiyUFartners & Traders' BankF. T.KmML?TrmUmt4 " W. W:nTCHELL, Cainler.OllIMBS. Bookkeeoer.-Sixth and Main Streets Paris, Ky-AS TO POCKETLESS CLOTHES?A student of matters sartorialpoints out that if the threat to makepocketless clothes for men should becarried out on the ground of economyof woolen cloth it would be falseeconomy because the pockets are notmade of wool. He predicts that inthe event of this apparent but notactual reform every man who buysclothes must pay as much-for themwithout pockets as with pockets. Hewould then go to a pocket maker andhave pockets made. There would begreater profits for the tailor or maker of ready-to-wears, and profits forthe pocket makers. The consumerwould be skinned.There is not much probability ofpocketless clothes, but it is pointedout that the knee-length underclothing for men represents a saving ofmillions for makers, because thebuyer does not pay less for the kneelength "lingerie" than he paid formerly for full length. -The consumer, it is true, acceptsusually without protest anythingthat fashion decrees. It has beeneasy to palm off on him at the regular price half as mucn underclothing as he wore formerly, but wouldanyone accept a suit of clothes without pockets? Do you suppose themen of America would agree to carryhandbags?Not while it "takes nine tailors tomake a man" and while one man, orat the worst two, can whip a tailor.3 3 fe"SUCKERDAY."As I remember it, the best day onthe calendar for us schoolboys wasSaturday. They might have eliminated the others in the fifty-two weeksof the year if they'd just left thatone each week for "we-uns," for thatAvas the day we got our sucker hookiand cotton lines, 'cut an alder polealong the creek bank and settled ourselves in a favorable bend where thewater eddied and suckers werea-plenty. Saturday might, with propriety, have been changed to Suckerday, for that is about all it meant tous. Of course, we didn't lingeraround the house much to ask ifthere were any chores to be done,or wood to chop or errands to run orfences to whitewash like Tom Sawyer did. No siree! We got ourworms dug the night afore andsneaked out of the house beforebreakfast and by doing so we developed a life-sized fisherman's appetite.W used to find potatoes and onionsin the food trash, and of course youknow the salubrious flavor of roastpotatoes and how they feed the imagination when you're playing "Injun" along the dirty waters of thecreek. Zim in Cartoons Magazine.151 T5 151GERMANS TRAIN BOYS.Germany has a system of militarytraining for her boys, according torecent reports from Berlin. Onlyboys from 16 years up to the militaryage are included. At the beginningof the war, large numbers of boysof this age volunteered for the army,but were rejected on account of theiryouth. The authorities wished toseize the opportunity for taking advantage of their military enthusiasmwhile it lasted, and organized theminto companies and regiments fordrill. They are taught rudimentarymilitary maneuvers, and are carefully drilled in loyalty to their comrades, devotion to the Kaiser, andabove all to a belief that this is awar for Germany's existence, andthat if she is defeated she will bepartitioned among the allies.Jig fej JEJCATARRHAL DEAENESS CANNOTBE CUREDby local applications, as they cannotreach the diseased portion of the ear.There is only one way to cure catarrhal deafness, and that is by constitutional remedy. Catarrhal deafness is caused by an inflamed condition of the mucous lining of theEustachian Tube. When the tube Isinflamed you have a rumbling soundor imperfect hearing and when it Isentirely closed, deafness is the result.Unless the inflammation can bereduced and this tube restored to itsnormal condition, hearing will bedestroyed forever. Many cases ofdeafness are caused by catarrh, whichis an inflamed condition of the mucous surfaces. Hall's Catarrh Medicine acts through the blood on themucous surfaces of the system.We give One Hundred Dollars forany case of Catarrhal Deafness thatcannot be cured by Hall's CatarrhMedicine. Circulars free. All Druggists, 75c.F. J. CHENEY & CO.,Toledo, Ohio.(adv-july)CONVICTS GROW SPUDSThree acres of the beautiful lawnat the Washington State penitentiary at Walla Walla has been turnedunder by the plow that potatoesmight be planted and the food supplyof the valley increased, says theSpokane Chronicle.Sacrifice of the lawn is part of amovement at the prison to utilizeevery available foot of space outsidethe walls for the production of foodstuffs. All vegetables grown on the prisonfarm are ior the use of inmates ofState institutions to help along thewar cause.35 W& 5Love is one of the few. things thatare never displayed on the bargaincounter. 1 .Pprmle usnallv Tiave the blues afterskimming the milk of fcumanind-ness. -IIP5HS-mmPAIGEfSfie Mod Beautiful Car iribnerica.iMBOA Word of WarningAs long as the Paige-Detroit Motor Car Company'spresent supply of materials lasts, Paige buyerswill enjoy the advantage of the present Paigeprice.It is estimated that this supply of materials will lastapproximately 60 or 90 days and when thesupply is exhausted it will, obviously, again benecessary to readjust the prices of all modelsof the Paige line.Then, as now," the Paige prices will be fixed inproportion to the cost of materials. They arenever raised arbitrarily. That is a point onprice we wish to emphasise.But when the last word on price is said you wiltcontinue to select the Paige because of its mechanical excellence, its beauty, its supremequality.inlullIillmX v& mi$ S3 Mft Eg CvStratford "Six'51" 7'passengerFairfield "Six'46" 7'passengerLinwood "Six'39 5'passengerBrooklands "Sk'51" 4'passengerDartmoor "Six'39" a or 3-passengerSedan "Six'39" 5'passengerSedan "Six'51" 7'passengerTown Car "Six'51" 7'passenger - 'Limousine SiX'5 1 7'passenger$1595 f. o.$1450 f. o.$1260 f. o.$1795 f. o.$1260 f. o.$1875 f. o.$2400 o.$2850 f. o.$2850 f. o.b. Detroitb. Detroitb. Detroitb. Detroitb. Detroitb. Detroitb. Detroitb. Detroitb. DetroitPaige-Detroit Motor Car Company, Detroit, Mich.F. P. WHITEAt Dickerson & Douglas Garage, Fourth and High StreetsSERVICE STATIONiumsmII! I S'M;gSi!!ffilllHSMawBFOR YOUR SCRAP BOOK.HIS MOTHER'S SON AND MINE.I've just come in from the soldierscamp,Where I saw the body on paradeFive thousand of them, all khakiclad, tAnd finer the Lord never made!But one boy stood out from all therest, jA stalwart young gentleman fine, 1The noblest fellow of all the lot, 'That son of his mother's andmine. :I know there are others who wouldchallenge me. iAnd call me both vain and deceived;Mothers and fathers would say I amwrong,And I shouldn't by them be believed. Yet, granting that other fellows aregreat,Shoots from a strong parent vine,He looks to me, of all that array,Far the best his mother's andmine.Full many of that suberb lot of boysWill dye red the loved soil orFrance,Full many of them all broken will be,And manv will die. perchance,But redder blood can never be shedTo dye the soft flow of the Rhine,Than blood of our boy our ownbonnie boy,That son of his mother's and- mine.I grant it, my friend, that your boyis great,As erreat. it may be. as is mine,And both of us are full proud ofthem,Of their blood, as red as new wine,And we bid them go, God's love helping us,And greet them through tears ofhrine.But I must say that, of all the finelot'I've but eyes for ,her son andtninfi.L. G. Herbert, in Indianapolis Star.1ft 1ft feDOINfl GOOD.Ffiw medicines have met withmor favor or accomplished morep-nnd than Chamberlain's Colic anaDiarrhoea Remedy. John F. Jantzen,Delmeny, Sask., says of It, "I navenRPrl Chamberlain's Colic and Diarrhoea Remedy myself and in myfamily, and can recommend it as being an exceptionally fine preparation."(adv-july)An imtiolite man is one who always butts in and begins to talkahnut himself when you are talkingabout yourself. :If vou have occasion to criticize amule do it to his face.OPPORTUNITY!Mr. R. F. Clendenin, Associate General Agent forthe Northwestern Mutual Life Insurance Company, inone day recently, sold $100,000 worth of life insuranceover local and long distance lines of the Home TelephoneCompany and because of such an amount of businessaccumulated in one day, he divides the honors with usfor the efficient telephone service rendered. This is asplendid record for both Telephone and Insurance Companies. Mr. Clendenin says; "The service I get from yourCompany is all that I could ask, and on the closing dayof my campaign I iise'd it with wonderful success.' 'Such an opportunity in facilitating business shouldbe grasped by the public in general in employing co-operation,efficiency and confidence.Paris Home Telephone & Telegraph to.(Incorporated)J. J. VBATCH, District Manager.W. H. CANNON,Local Manager.THOMAS K. SMITH,Cashier.Bourbon LaundryDAVIS & FUNK, Props.Telephone No. 4. West 5 Street1 k 42Sr VHKI.MKMUT V- ' am: i,.r?rj-an&k'Zji :.r y ' -.- -3-"-S00 L.,Sg TBCSSmmT s' !!3Jr' J tr- tmjjj1' Satisfaction is OSrMWchworaitiirall the latest improvements in laundryappliances and experthelpers "we are preparedto do work inferior fenone, and solicit yourpatronage.!drftI?PHr -m ft "mklvar-h.Mkox.FRIDAY, JULY 27, 1917.jfflE BOURBON NEWS, PARIS, KY.fag smrm -$? IWOMEN OFMIDDLE AGEI mMrt. Quinn's ExperienceOught to Help You Overthe Critical Period.llliilljKSlglljkimi$Lowell, Mass. "For the last Ihreeyears I have been troubled with theChange of Life andthe bad feelingscommon at thattime. I was in avery nervous condition, with headachesand pain a gooddeal of the time so Iwas unfit tovdo mywork. A friendasked me to tryLydia E. Pinkham'aVegetable Com-DOUnd. whiMi T AiAand it has helped me in every way. Iam not nearly so nervous, no headacheor pain. I must say that Lydia E.Pmkham's Vegetable Compound is thebest remedy any sick woman can take. "Mrs. Margaret Quinn, Rear 259Worthen St., Lowell, Mass.Other warning symptoms are a senseof suffocation, hot flashes, headaches,backaches, dread of imrwanrKncr oxril-timidity, sounds in the ears, palpitation iox uie nearx, sparks Deiore the eyes,irregularities, constipation, variableappetite, weakness, inquietude, anddizziness.If you need special advice, write tothe Lydia E. Pinkham Medicine u(confidential), Lynn, Mass.ARMY 02. MILLION MAY BE ASKED POR.LARGEST AMERICAN FLAG.The city of St. Louis, Mo., possesses the largest American flag inexistence, as far as is known. It isj150 feet long and 78 feet wide. Imagine a plot of ground containing11,700 square feet almost one-quai-terof an acre and you will have anidea of the size of the flag. Whenusea m parades it requires zuu peo-jpie to carry it. But on account ofits great width it cannot be carriedthrough many of the streets of thecity.CAHAL BROSBARBER SHOPPrompt and Courteous Attention toPatrons.HOT AND COLD BATHS.S1Swrfi34J&K ''ixmfgzTHERE'S a heap of joyin a ton of good coal.Your stove or furnacewon't have much troublefrom extracting- comfortfrom a ton of coal if youbuy it from us. Our rapiddelivery will please you.W. C. D0DS0NSouth Main St.The Home of Good CoalA special from Washington, onWednesday, says: "An Americanarmy of 1,000,000 men, for serviceah road at once, instead of the 500,000 contemplated for the first draft,is foreshadowed by the government'srequest for an additional $.5000,000,000 made to the Senate FinanceCommittee."The first million men are to bemade up of the first draft army of500,000, the national guard, and theregulars. It is improbable that thefirst draft will be increased, but thegovernment is arranging its financesfor other drafts without the necessity of going to Congress for themoney."Secretary McAdoo, committeemembers stated, told the finance committee that it was estimated that anadditional credit of $2,000,000,000o be loaned to the Allies, also wouldbe requested."IS 1 feTHE SPIRIT OP 76.Millions are familiar with that celebrated painting called "The Spiritof Seventy-six." Yet probably onlya handful know who painted it, oranything about the story back of it.Everybody's for July ha; a short andvery illuminating article by Jas. H.Kennedy, in which these matters arstreated."The Spirit of Seventy-six" thefamous drum and fife trio camefrom the brush and genius of Archibald M. Willard, who is still living,and has attained the age of 80 years.The artist emerged from overallsand a Wellington, O., wagon shop. Apicture called "Pluck No. 1" displayed in a Cleveland art dealer's window, attracted th attention of thediscriminating, and paved the wayto a kind of partnership with JamesH. Ryder, through whose suggestionthe "Seventy-Six" picture was begun.In its early stages, this paintingwas called "Yankee Doodle," and itwas first planned along serio-comiclines. "But one day," declares Mr.Willard, "I caught a glint in the eyeof the old man who posed for thecenter figure (who was posing) andin a flash it revealed itself to mewhat all this stood for and I couldgo no further the real picture pushed everything else aside, and wentahead and painted itself." The oldman whose flashing eyes inspiredthis change of conception was theartist's father, Rev. Daniel Willard,a man of Revolutionary stock.P3 Si IQCHAMBERLAIN'S COLIC ANDARRHOEA REMEDY.DI-Now is the time to buy a bottle ofthis remedy so as to be prepared incase that any one of your familyshould have an attack of colic ordiarrhoea during the summer months.It is worth a hundred times its costwhen needed.(adv-july)$1.50TOCincinnatiand ReturnOn Special Sunday Excursion onSunday, July 29Special train leaves Paris 8:20a. m., arriving in Cincinnati atiu:du a. m.I Returning leaves Cincinnati(4th Street Station) at 7 p. m.j W. V. SHAW, Agent.W. R. CLINKENBEARD, T. A.THE WAR.mMmumumAutomobile Hearse or Ambulance!I desire to announce to our friends that I cai, w,fl9r.edesired, furnish an automobile hearse or ambulance. Thismethod of transpertation is especially desired on long trips,the same being made in better time, and at ho advance incost over the horse-drawn conveyance.GEO. W. DAVIS, Funeral Director. ,The American public Jias not heardmuch recently regarding German Uboat activities, being so intent on itsown affairs, with Congress beatingthe air in fancy word battles overfood control and other matters.The latest news from abroad givesevidence of renewed activities bythese "hornets of the sea."The British submarine C-34 hasbeen sunk by a submarine, it was officially announced Wednesday. Thesole survivor was taken prisoner.The Handelsbald (Amsterdam) reports that the German steamshipNorderney, with a cargo of coal, wastorpedoed on the North Sea on Monday. She is aground off the southcoast of Texel, Frisian Islands.The British merchant cruiser Otway was torpedoed and sunk in nothern waters on July 22. Ten menwere killed. The remainder on boardwere saved. This announcement wasmade officially Wednesday.British sailors arm ing at Halifax,N. S Wednesday, who claim to havebeen among crew of vessels in thevicinity of the transports which conveyed the first American troops toFrance, say they wee creditably informed that German submarinesmade a concentrated attack and werebeaten off with a loss of six U-boats,only one submarine escaping.The sailors said they were withinthree miles of the transports andwitnessed heavy and continuous fire.The men were on three former Dutchvessels, which had been taken over bythe British Government, and were ontheir way to Europe.An explosion Tuesday on the submarine A-7 at Cavite, PhilippineIslands, killed five men and injuredthree of the officers and crew. Theexplosion from a preliminary examination appeared to be due to the ignition of gas within the ship. Thecause of the ignition of the fumes hasnot been reported.A dispatch to the Exchange Telegraph Company, of London, England,fiom Amsterdam, says a telegramfrom the fiontier announces thatEnglish airmen during the past twonights, have bombed the Zeebruggs,the German submarine base and thetown of Bruges, Belgium. Explosions and fires followed the attacks.A submarine shop at the Zeebruggswas damaged, according to the dispatch, and it is probable that a submarine was blown up.Twenty-one British vessels of morethan 1600 tons each and three of lessthan 1600 tons each, were sunk lastweek by mines or submarines, according to the weekly admiralty report on shipping losses. One fishingvessel was also sunk.sislsASKED TO CUT OUT JOY BIDESAND RAILKOAD TRIPS.Suspension by the railroads duringthe period of the war of "all effortsnot designated to help directly inthe winning of the war" is urged bythe special committee on national defense of the American Railway Association in a letter addressed to public service commissions and all State,county and municipal authoritiesthroughout the country by FairfaxHarrison, chairman of the committee.An appeal for conservation of thecountry's oil supply by curtailment ofpleasure riding in motor cars and byeliminating other sources of wastewhile production is increased, hasbeen issued by Chairman A. C. Bedford, of the Defense Council's petroleum committee. Mr. Bedford ispresident of the Standard Oil Company or isew jersey.la TS ?Eaft-R-RATEST HORSE TRADER INFive 'MHMJ f. MTires" . J PwjBgfej ggjBMMBMBBSL. " m MfitrW Today tires cost SBk 1fijBflj less than ever SBl : MmWnKux V&Sm rM ImlMm H ' Your tires actually cost you less per mile today than they LPi S!Bh aSmwii M ' ew years as Bk w$vImilKwmlY villa M Bl vto$Rw &mmmfmMMm provided you buy the right kind of tires. Bkl?vSo "''fflMBBlfl In tt firSt place' don't buy a nondescript tire that some dealer Bb14 aiJKmmMmmKk as a lnsn price motive in selling to you. BBBBff9-5 vlfi IwiuBBwffaBiiJiBBBJB S"BBBBvuKA 0LMEBMBIBBbP Buy re Wit name behind it a tire, the quality of fBBflfiSeKBi 'l''WMKf' which must be so good that the reputation of a great Company SBaSsMcifiS- JlliKP M (HBy i protected. BBBwt&SuBBsftSmr. United State Tire; with th name of the largest rubber g)M&J9r 1 1 ffS5iJBw-jBMmt provided you buy the right kind of tires.In the first place, don't buy a nondescript tire that some dealerhas a selfish price motive in selling to you.Buy a tire with a name behind it a tire, the quality ofwhich must be so good that the reputation of a great Companyis protected.United States Tirea, with the name of the largest rubbermanufacturer in the world behind them, are safe tires to buy.United States Tires are constructed under an exclusive timetried vulcanizing process that is patented.They are honestly bvilt with the best materials that themarkets of the world afford.United States TiresAre Good TiresflBRHHarBWoQWIBflWnWfltMunBkHirv -A Tire for Every Need of Price and Use'Royal Cord' 'Ntibby 'Chain9 'Usco' 'Plain9United States TUBES and TIRE ACCESSORIES Have All the Sterling Worth and Wearthat Make United States Tires SupremeA Complete Stock of United States Tires Carried ByMILLERSBURG GARAGE, Millersburg, Ky.KENTUCKY TRACTION& TERMINAL COMPANYInterurban Schedule.CARS LEAVE10:05 p. m.ParisforLexington6:45 a. m.7:30 a. m.8:15 a. m.9:00 a. m9;45 a. m.11:15 a. m.12:45 p. m.2:15 p. m.3:45 p.4:30 p.5:15 p.6:05 p.6:50 p8:15 pm.m.m.m.m.m.11:00 p. m.LexingtonforParis6:00 a. m.7:20 a. m.8:00 a. m.8:50 a. m.10:20 a !11:50 a 11:20 p j2:50 p I3:30 p4:20 p5:00 p6:00 p. in.7:20 p. m.9:10 p, xn. IWe Know You'll WonderHow We Do ItProfessional Cards.DR. WM. KENNEYEye, Ear, Nose and Throat.ROOMS 403-404.FIRST NAT'L BANK BUILDING.PHONE 136.THE WOULD."Since the European war began, 'ays a writer in the American Magazine, "Jo Nugent, of St. Louis andDes Moines, has sold approximatelymnnnn horses, the world's biggest! order for horse-flesh, and he has builtup the world's greatest norse mamBito supply the allied nations' demandsfor horses. His business with theforeign governments has totaled morethan $1,000,000 a month for the lastfifteen months, ana tne oraers unhand and others reputed coming,will keep him busy. His daily income Is said to be one of the mostsuccessful of the many 'war babieswhich are making scores of new millionaires in America. In view of thefact that Nugent has easily cieaieuover ?1,000,000, his earning capacity has become one of the seven wonders of his profession."Nugent can tell at a glancewhether an animal submitted forsaleis serviceable for the cavalry or gunlimning' service in Europe, no master ho wv much of the smen oi i"soil there may be about a plow horse.And if you ask Nugent why he habeen so successful he will tell you itis because he knows horses better-u onirnno pIsp in the world. It isnot conceit that makes him say this,but the Nugent system which is:"'Know One thing better than ailthe world and you can't fail.' "?3 m ?! PERTINENT PAEIS PARAGRAPHS.We don't pretend to dictate, butwould merely suggest that the youngmen of Paris get together and try ioget some other brand of Chautauquahere. Without giving room for anaction for libel, we would say thatthe Chautauqua of the past week didnot measure up to the standard maintained by others in other citiesaround us. Then, there was thesame thing at Millersburg at thesame. Think of it. Three Chautauqua attractions in one county. Whyno t get one good one- next season.Boys, let's do our own promotingWhatshay?WM, GRANNANAttorneyatLaw lROOMS 401-402. ,FIRST NAT'L BANK BUILDINGBut how or why shouldn't matter. The talk of the town:Palm Beach Suits(the genuine article) in all colors and atyles, $8.50 to$10.00 values, going at$6.95CashYou'll have to hurry, because they're going fast.SURPRISE SPECIAL INo. ZAll Our $2.00 and $2.50 Straw Hats $1 45for men, your choice ?See our windows, then hurry in while the pickiag is good.twiiTbros.Clothing and Shoe Dept.L. Wollstein, PropIlttSwHHBBBB a Go Where I -'11 Comfort Awaits You Il&fSL A rstreat from the monotony of every day ImWrniAW-W" business cares away from the crowds-where IbBSssSShSw you can stretch out gs easy' Ipiffe':-'",; ' There are many oi these quiet shady haunts to be found atliPNt W A" New England IItffittS W0 Chaiicncoga Canada IStfl mKr Niagara Falls - Chautauqua I ;SmW r r Thousand Islands Michigan and IP H W- ll( Atlantic Seashore Great Lakes Resorts I - -flirt W? 1--Y ) LOW ROUND TRIP TICKETS ON SALE DAILY I5&0 2J K r V j J Good returning until October 31st.ra IhfJiJSMy 7- h$ TTsrh Inmtion has distinct natural attractions for recreation II M W?f A X in addition t0 the POP11 Pen Pastimes. "1 ! Wf ' iZ "V W-. shall be pleased to arrange the details of your trip.- yfcfflry VX Vv. Consult your local tid-t agent, or address B 'J r,y8SW I -"l - V"" . K. C. KING, DiTisiomPasssaserAgeal, I TWMIM h" '- - v A 118 E. Main Street, LesbSton,Ky. f- .awwmaiHIMimF2I1;ih rf? !HmIW.Railai-i nvm' if' '.Mlf-8f'IIillmNflKJrtnlifTHE BOURBON NEWS, PARIS, KY.FRIDAY, JULY 27, 1917,rPAGE EIGHT'r ".11 -MILLERSBURG)Mrs. G-. L. Hill visited relativesin'Cynthiana, Wednesday.Rev. A. S. Venable left Thursdayfor a two-weeks' vacation in NorthCarolina.Elder Alex Sander left Thursdayfor a visit to his daughter, Mrs.Harris, at Jackson.Rev. and Mrs. R. C. Goldsmithleft Wednesday for a weeks' visit torelatives at Owenton.J. H. Carpenter was strickenwith paralysis Monday morning,and is in a critical condition.Mrs. Joe Williams and littlegrandson, Joseph Collins, visited relatives in Winchester last week.Elder C. O. Cossaboom and family left Wednesday for a two-weeks'' visit to relatives at Morgan, Ky.Mr. William Baldwin left Wednesday for a few days' visit to hismother, Mrs. Martha Baldwin, atMaysville.Rev. W. D. Welborn and familyand Mrs. Pruitt, of Stanford, areguests of Mr. and Mrs. M. E. Pruittand family.Mr. Harry Hutchcraft, of Louisville, arrived Sunday as the guest ofhis daughter, Miss Virginia Hutchcraft, at the home of Dr. W. M.Miller.The Methodist Missionary Society entertained the little folks in thepark Wednesday afternoon. Iceswere served and a good time indulged in generally.Mr. and Mrs. Mack Jones movedTuesday to the property of Dr. W. M.Miller, on Main street, recently vacated by Mr. E. S. Barton and family, from that of Mr. G. W. Johnson,on Vine street.Dr. S. H. Creighton, of Indianapolis, Ind., arrived Sunday as theguest of his mother-in-law, Mrs.Belle Taylor, and family. His wifeand son have been guests of the homefor several weeks.Mrs. James Howard returnedTuesday after a ten-days' visit to herdaughter, Mrs. Kenton Maffett, atPeoria, 111. She was accompaniedhome by Mrs. Maffett. Mr. Maffettwill arrive Friday.George Clay, a highly respectedcolored citizen, died in St. Joseph'sHospital, in Lexington, Wednesday,of a complication of diseases. Theremains will be interred in the Millersburg colored cemetery to-day.fe is laHOUNDING THE PRESS.(New York World.)The Senate Finance Committee hasdecided to raise the second-clas:?postal rate one-fourth of a cent apound.This device should yield some revenue unless the number of pounds ofnewspapers and magazines should bemuch lessened, as in the circumstances seems likely. Needless tosay, it means a departure from ourtime-honored policy of favoring byreasonable postage the spread of information. Like any other Government policy,that policy can be changed, thoughreaders will demand proof of thewisdom of the reversal. This will bseven more difficult in the case of theproposed tax of 5 per cent, on publication profits. To adopt this proposal would be not taxing but hounding the press.Newspapers and magazines are not"war brides," reveiling in suddenwealth. Far from enriching them,the war has burdened all, ruinedmany. Every material cost has sharply increased; the revenue has in mostcases diminished. One has only tolook at what happened to the pressof Europe in war time to see wherethe present tendency may lead.Every tax that the communitybears the press bears. The corporation tax, the income tax against itsworkers, it would gladly pay if therewere any excess profits. It performs,in addition, a service which it doesnot look upon as a tax, but which tothe Government is invaluable, inpromoting the sale of bonds, recruiting and all Government war activities. It has a right to expect in return fair treatment from Congress,and not to be singled out for discriminatory burdens.Buy an Edison!Get the Best There'sOnly One !The New Edison gets and givesall the artist rendered just asthe artist gave it."There's only ONE best; thatONE is the Edison." (Harger&Bliih. . . .Overtone, m music, is comparable with seasoning in food; Edi-son alone gives all the overtones:the fteaftoning.OBERDORFERM Ag County' 1 "T?NATIONAL SECURITY LEAGUE'SCAMPAIGN.The greatest patriotic educationalcampaign this country has ever seenis being organized by the NationalSecurity League. It is a campaign toarouse the people of the nation to arealization of what the war meansand what their patriotic duty is.The first definite plans were laid ata meeting of prominent educatorscalled by the Security League inNew York early in May. Since then,college and university presidents andprofessors, university extension systems, Chautauquas, writers, lawyers,editors, judges, politicians and business men in all parts of the countryhave endorsed the idea and promisedthe Security League their fullest cooperation in carrying it out.The League's plan is to organizethrough its Committee of PatriotismThrough Education, of which Prof.Albert Bushnell Hart, of HarvardUniversity, is Chairman, a system ofaddresses on patriotic and war topicsby means of which trained speakerswill carry into every city, town andhamlet in every State in the Unionthe following messages: The causesof the war, the reasons for the entrance of this country into the conflict, what the United States mustdo to carry out its part, and theknowledge that not only the existence of democracy in the abstract, butalso the very life of this nation itselfdepends upon victory over Germany.Over four hundred university andcollege presidents and professorshave already volunteered to activelytake the field in carrying on thisgreat campaign. The presidents ofover one hundred universities andcolleges will either personally makeaddresses or have suggested members of their faculties who are willing to contribute their services. Theleading Chautauquas are addingpatriotic addresses in their programs.At the numerous annual conventionsof fraternal, business and educationalsocieties and associations, which takeplace in various parts of the countryduring the Summer, particular sessions will be devoted to the campaign."Wake Up, America!" and "Tellthe People" are the watchwords ofthe National Security League in thiscampaign. The object is to arouseevery individual citizen on the UnitedStates to a realization of the meaning of the war and the importance ofpersonal service and sacrifice inbringing it to a successful conclusion.Pa ?s "PSPRICES AND VALUES.(St. Louis Post-Dispatch.)One of the results of the changedcost of living in the past few yearshas been a confusion of prices withvalues by those who try to measurethe values of commodities to-day withthose of a decade or so ago. Ananecdote illustrative of the point istold in a recent circular letter by alumber industry.A Missouri farmer, as the storyruns, kicked because his dealer offered him for $90 the same kind ofbuggy that his father bought 20years ago for $50. The merchant,upon investigation, found that thefather paid for his vehicle with 300bushels of corn. Whereupon heoffered to give his customer in exchange for 300 bushels of corn thefollowing articles:One $90 buggy.One $75 wagon.One $20 suit of clothes.One $20 dress for his wife.One $2 dress for his baby.One $5 crib for the baby.One $3 box of cigars.$10 worth of sugar.$10 worth of tea.$100 worth of gasoline.$15 worth of lubricating oil.The farmer refused the offer, paid$90 for his buggy and departed satisfied. !S fe feSHE GAVE AWAY $300,000.A strange story of unselfishnessand reversed fortunes is told in theAmerican Magazine. It has to dowith Mrs. Mrs. Marks Nathan."In Chicago the name of MarksNathan is standardized as typifyingJewish charities. There are severalMarks Nathan institutions, severalMarks Nathan funds, a half dozenMarks Nathan scholarships."Mrs. Nathan and her late husbandgave fully $300,000 to charities.After her husband's death Mrs. Nathan gave away more until she. hadonly $10,000 left upon which to live.That was lost in a bank failure, andnow she is penniless and an inmatein a Home for Aged and IndigentJews, of which she herself is a director."She began by making wire framesfor hats with her own hands, forindividuals, and expanded to a shopwith several helpers for the limitedmarket of those days. Then a greatpiece of fortune came along hoopskirts swept into fashion and sheswept along to a handsome profit byturning her facilities to the manufacture of wire hoops."With some of her earnings shebought a piece of land. The $8,000she invested became $40,000 whenshe sold it as part of the site of theSanta Fe terminal. With $20,000 ofthat she bought prairie land on whatwas then the city limits, and a fewyears later sold it for $150,000 asthe spot for the Illinois Central depot. Thereafter she made severalotner Keen Duys ana was r&iea, xmr-1 piex receiying mechanism is synty years ago, as one of the wealthy chronized with the movements twomen of the region."MATRIMONIAL.JOHNSTONE THOMAS.Friends in this city are much interested in the published announcement of the engagement of Mr. Hanson Thomas to Miss Carey Johnstone,both of Lexington. No date has beendefinitely set for the wedding.Mr. Thomas is a son of the late Mr.Wm. (Sonny) Thomas, of Paris andWinchester, his mother being a native of Paris, where as Miss CarrieHanson, she was a social favorite.He is a cousin of Mr. Richard P.(Rick) Thomas, of Mt. Sterling, formerly of Paris.PLOCKETT MIDDLETONEADES BARNES.Eld. W. E. Ellis, pastor of theParis Christian church, was calledupon Wednesday to perform the wedding ceremony for two Lexingtoncouples, who came here to escape thepetty annoyances and inconveniencesof getting married in a small place.Wednesday morning Eld. Ellis athis residence, corner ( of Main andTenth streets, performed the ceremony uniting for better or for worsethe hands and hearts of Miss BessiePockett and Mrs. James H. Middleton, both giving Lexington as theirresidence.At four o'clock Wednesday afternoon a blushing bridal-pair againstood at Eld. Ellis' door, invoking hishelp in relief from single statedness.They were Miss Mary Eades and Mr.H. G. Barnes, also of Lexington. Eld.Ellis performed the marriage ceremony for them and sent them ontheir way with his blessing.STEGEMAN URMSTON.The marriage of Miss AgnesStegeman and Mr. Homer Urmston,both of Hamilton, Ohio, was veryquitely celebrated in Paris, Tuesdayafternoon at the home of the officiating minister, Rev. George H. Harris,rector of St. Peter's Episcopal church.The couple, accompanied, by Mr.Louis Rapp, of Hamilton, motored toLexington, Tuesday, for a short visitto Mr. and Mrs. Howard Gassaway,and decided to marry in this quietnay. They were entertained with abeautiful luncheon at noon by Mr.and Mrs. Gassaway, and later in theday, accompanied by Mr. and Mrs.Gassaway, Dr. and Mrs. Gassaway,Miss Gassaway, of Illinois, and Mr.Rapp, motored to Paris for the ceremony.After a short wedding trip andvisit to relatives in Lexington, theywill return to Hamilton, where theywill make their home in the future.The bride is a very beautiful younggirl, and was very much admired bythose who saw her here.Mr. Urmston is a very popularpopular young business man of Hamilton, where he is associated in business with his father. The news willcome as a "very great surprise to thefamily and friends, the secret havingbeen so well guarded.52 jsi isNEW RUSE TO MAKE MONEY.(New York Cor. Pittsburg Dispatch.)It is necessary at all times that theapartment housewife of this villageshould concentrate her mind on herpocketbook. If she happens to forgetit someone is sure to break in onher weekly allowance, for there is abusy bunch of highbinders here whoare forever thinking up ways andmeans of getting something for nothing. The latest wrikle is the laundrydumbwaiter game. This is the way itis worked: A man at the foot of thedumbwaiter shaft represents himselfas the agent of the laundry whichthe woman patronizes. He informsher that a sum of money has beenfound in the clothing she sent out.The woman is at first positive thatshe was not so careless, but upon theinsistence that she has had a lapseof memory. Then comes the old"hocus pocus." The man says he hasonly a large bill, having given allhis change to another laundry patron in the apartment house. Supposing the sum of money which theman says was found in the laundry tobe $1.65, ie asks the woman to put$3.35 on the dumbwaiter and sendit down and he will send back up a$5 bill, the smallest change he has.The prospect of getting the $1.65lulls the victim into security, andshe obeys the instructions. Aftershe has waited a half hour for tho$1.65, she telephones the police. Butthere is one in every apartmenthouse every minute.fe lsaTALKING MOVIES.Application has been made tor apatent on a very elaborate devicewhich would produce a combinationof the cinematograph and the phonograph to give us moving pictureswherein the characters not only movebut speak. The idea of soul picturesis not new, but the difficulties ofsynchronizing have hitherto provedinsurmountable. By synchronizingis meant the exact coincidence of themotion picture, projected by one machine, with the speech supposed toproceed from the characters, whichis produced by quite another. Unlessthe speech comes at the right instant, the result is laughable ratherthan impressive. In the proposed de-'vice, the actual speech of the characters is transmitted by wireless telephone to a phonograph whose com-receiying mechanismthe moving picture camera.?!RELIGIOUS.Union services at the Christianchurch Sunday night. Sermon byRev. Dr. O. R. Mangum, of the Baptist church, this being his farewellsermon.The Presbyterian Church willhold services in the court house, Sunday at 10:45 a. m. Sermon by Mr.Rice on the subject, "Six Rules ForKeeping Young."The regular monthly meeting ofthe Woman's Bible Class of theMethodist church was held yesterdayafternoon at 2:30 o'clock, at thehome of Mrs. Robt. Mclntyre, on Fifteenth street.The members of the C. W. B. M.of the Christian Church will give areception to the ladies of the churchin the church parlors next Friday afternoon, August 3, at three o'clock.A good time is promised.Baptist Church Sunday School9:30; morning worship 10:45. Rev.Dr. O. R. Mangum will hold his lastservice with the church. All themembers are earnestly requestedto come. A cordial welcome to all.The tent meeting under Evangelists Hobbs and Herrington is attracting large crowds to the old Bourbon College grounds, which is anideal location, easily accessible fromall sides. Services begin promptly at7:45 each night. The services areintensely interesting.fe fe fe-FOR YOUR SCRAP BOOK.FARMERS.Old Cadmus was a farmer,Though born to spear and shield;Arrayed in brazen armor,He tilled a stubborn field.With dragons' teeth he sowed it thenAnd from Boeotian glebesThere leaped the valiant fighting menThat crowned the walls of Thebes.Old Cadmus was our brother;A goodly crop he grewAs we shall grow anotherThat blow the acres, too.Our garden beds and fertile farmsShall yield the strength divineThat nerves the mighty man-at-armsAnd build the battle line.Then bravely to your labors,My lads that dig the loam!Your blades of wheat are sabersThat strike for flag and home.And though ye gain but little thanksThat wield the spade and hoe,Your hills of corn are stalwart ranksThat march against the foe!Arthur Guiterman.1E3 Tsa tsiSome kinds of love may grow cold,but the kind a man has for himselfnever does.NOW1A price-slashing sale of Summer Footwear, in spite of the high pricesprevailing in shoedom. Anticipating the great advance in shoe prices WEBOUGHT HEAVY! The weather this season has been most unfavorable andwe find ourselves overloaded with High Grade Men's, Women's andChildren'sSUMMER FOOTWEARthat must be turned into cash at once at prices below factory cost !of the many extraordinary bargains;Ladies' Pumps andOxfordsLadies' Gray and Champagne KidPumps, $4.00, Sale Price$1.95Ladies' White Sea Island CanvasPumps, $2.50, Sale Price $1.75Ladies' White Poplin Canvas Pumpsand Oxfords, $2.00, Sale Price. $1.49Ladies' Dull and Patent Kid, StylishPumps, $4.50 and S5.00, Sale Price$3.49Ladies' Patent Kid Colonette Pumps$4.00 and $4.50, Sale Price$2.95Ladies' Patent and Dull Kid Low andHigh Heel Pumps, $3.50, SalePrice $2.45Ladies' Dull Kid and Patent Pumpsand Oxfords, $3.00, Sale Price, $1.99Boys', Misses' and Children's Shoes and Slippers at a great sacrifice in priceMISSES' AND CHILDREN'S SANDALS 49c TENNIS 39cNone Sent on Approval, Exchanged or Credited.No Stamps Given During This Sale.DAN COHENMIIV IIEATEST SHOE STMEComing DADISAttractionsFRIDAYEnid Bennett in"The Little Brother"a Comedy Drama of thehigh class Triangle type.Wm.((Hobbled Hearts"Hilarious Triangle Komedy. Pearl White in 5th episode of "Pearl of theArmy," and "PatheNews" of interesting andup-to-date news.Hours-Alamo, 2 to 5:30; Paris Grand,7 to 10:30- Admission 5 and lOc.STOCK, CROP, ETC.Mr. Letton Vimont, of nearParis, sold to Mr. Catesby Woodford,of Raceland Stock Farm, a six-year-oldgray plantation riding horse ata fancy price.It is stated that McCray Bros.,or North Middletown, will campaignthe former champion stallion, Kentucky's Choice, at the Kentucky StateFair and on the big fair circuits ofthe West and South this year. Kentucky's Choice has been doing studduty for a number of years and hasa large number of prize winners!among his get.?s& E3A FEATHER FOR OUR CAP.The last two years have splendidlydemonstrated to the world the vigorous enterprise and daring of American manufacturers and the astonishing intelligence and adaptability oZAmerican labor in connection withmunitions making. They have beenseverely tested; they have borne thotest with a success that must havesurprised themselves; they haveraised the reputation of American industralism abroad to a level it hadnever reached before. And what theyhave accomplished for the Allies is,of course, as nothing by the side ofwhat they can and will accomplishfor their own country. SydjieyBrooks in Everybody's for July.cGOING ONLadies' Patent Pumps and Comf. KidOxfords, $2.00, Sale Price $1.49Ladies' Black assorted small size Oxfords, $3.00, Sale Price 99cSATURDAY SPECIALAdditional to Our Sale.Just look at these extreme reductions offered in women's Low-CutShoes. These .formerly sold muchhigher.Women's WhitePoplin CanvasPumps, with cov.ered Louis Heels-An opportunity to secure thisseason's footwear at astonishinglow prices.$1-Z5GRAND AND ALAMOSATURDAY.Valeska Suratte in"The Victim"Fox production.MONDAY.Marie Doro in"Castles For Two"Lasky production on Paramountprogram.Klever Komedy with Victor Moore,also Paramount pictorgraph.MflRGOLEN'SBIG SPECIALFor Friday &SaturdayCountry Bacon at25c lb.Pure Hog Lard at23c lb.Sliced Picnic Ham at30c lb.Best Sirloin Steak, per lb 25cBest Roast, per lb 22 l-2cPork Chops, per lb 25cPork Roast, per lb 25cPlate Roast, per lb 17 l-2cMflRGOLEN'SSanitary Meat MarketA. fewMen's Shoes andOxfordsMesWJ?ite Cloth English Oxfords:Walk-Over, $4.50, Sale Price$4.00 and $3.50Men's Russian Tan Oxfords, WalkOver and Bostonian, $4.50, SalePrice j $349Meno'STan and Gmimetal Oxfords,Sd.OO, Sale Price $1.99MeSn?atoeni S0? English Oxfords,$5.00, Sale Price $3.45S?5s EcKck Kid Oxfords, Walk-Over,$4.50, Sale Price $3.50MePAun ?IeK' Button andLace,$4.00, Sale Price 2 QQMen's Gun Metal Button Shoes, $3.00aaie x-rice 99-;V"-j31t NAM STtEET-HUUS Vti'! ..