THEBOURBONNEWS4L-f .c.c&-4'-HL. ' - -IPUBLISHED EVERY TUESDAY AND FRIDAY - IN THE YEAR.W.VOLUME XXXVI.PARIS, BOURBON COUNTY, KENTUCKY, FRIDAY, APRIL 20, 1917.$7,000,000,000REVENUE Billbrilliant demonstration of the skill of REV. QUARLES WANTS PROPOSED LICENSE OF $1,000 tQf tJPltgClJJj lltltHIMHIw bv...o au.u uic uumufiB ui uer TO RAISE REGIMENT DAILY ON RACE TRACKS.',.1 roups. -. Imbued with a decidedly -patriotic The Senate Revenue and Taxationoe- spirit ana protesting against the re- uommittee Tuesday reported th-?PARIS, April 19. The FrenchPAQQPfl TUPFlAY pan an attack Monday morning, after cent rumors that gained persistent cir- Schneider race track bill with antLJv.luU i. j- A several days' artillery preparation, be- culation reaardinir thp. ,ifsafrt.ion nf amendment, nrnvirlin- n HoPn5P t ora license tax ofa day for the tracks operatedWE KNOW HW3,,-,,,, O.-.:,-.-,-...- -.! Tl-i o. , -v0....-.-e) C-..V, uuv,vwu Vi --w..w .---.. U-..,. ::" r;r:i"!..:l"u ?"':l"lb- everai the colored .people, and the alleged $1,000WASHINGTON, Apnl 19-Tlie ad- of Geiwn agents in this at Louisville and Latonia. No increaseministrations ,000,uuu,uuu uevenue cnerg " county, Rev. R. Quarles, the well- was provided for the Lexington track.Bill was passed unanimously Tuesday Th(J official announcement of this known colored minister of this city, The committee also reported the Spurnight oy uie senate. cnauj,eb mau, successssued by the War Office Mon- yesterday sent the following letter to rier liquor tax bill providing a tax of Zsince it passea me nuu.t: imiu&siid.ie aay night, describes the fighting as be- Presidnt Woodrow Wilson, at Washing Ave cents a gallon on all liquor nowttleton oneBtShoesconferences between the two Houses iug of the utmost violence.before it can go to the President forhis signature.Secretary McAdoo informed the Adton, with a respectful request for its stored in bonded warehouses and dis-WASHINGTON, April 19. Represenlative Britten, 'of Illinois, Monday in-visory Council of the Federal Reserve troduced a resolution proposing thatBoard, comprising big banking inter- exemption of married men from military auty unuer any luture compulsoryearnest consideration:"Paris, Ky.f April 18, 1917:"President Woodrow Wilson,"Washington, D. C."Dear Sir:'I want you to empower me to refilled m this State. Two amendments'were reported, one reducing the tax tojten cents a gallon and a retail stampI tax of twenty-five cents a gallon onall liquor sold at retail in this State.rue uuncan oiu providing tor aare the best high grade shoes made in the United States.If you have never worn Ne ttleton Shoes you cannot- appreciate what a splendid shoe they are. When other factories try to lower the price by cheapening the quality,the Nettleton Shoe remains the same dependable qualitythat has made them famous the country over. Our stockof Nettleto.i Shoes for Spring in Black Vici Kids, BlackChrome Calf and Light Weight Tan Russia Calf HighShoes and Oxfords you will find in all sizes and styles.c nf thp oniintrv. inpliidine J. P.7&J vr. ...-.v. w -.----.. -7 , -..,,--. -, a . . ... I nillll. Villi III frlll III1WI-I lllfr III 1 -- 1 XUU XUIUjHU Lflli. ULUVlUllltl l-Jl flMorgan, that the Government would Sg" fXrAprilTtWs year cruit and have read' at an' time one change in the time of payins tam b 8 Nettleton Shoes Will Cost You $8.00 and $8.50welcome buggebtiuu uwu wem aa iU except under a special order by the tnousanci (1,UU0) men (colored), these maKing tnem delinquent January l.dividuals on floating the $5,000,000,000 Secretary of War. " men to be recruited from Bourbon, was reported unfavorably and recom-war bond issue. " .Clark. Fayette and Woodford counties mitted.II OTTAWA, April 19. Estimates of of Kentucky. A bill which originated in the Com-WASHINGTON, April 19. Assur- Canadian losses around Vimy, based "I want to have these men ready for mittee on Revenue and Taxation inances reached Washington Tuesday on good authority, place the casual any call you make while the present creases the amount of tax on courtthat under no conditions that are now ties from the commencement of the great crisis is upon us suits. Heretofore a fiat rate of fiftyconceivable will the provisional gov-.vimy offense until Wednesday between "Thanking you for your attention cents has been charged on all suitsernment of Russia yield to tne over- miu u,uu.. u.iW, uuieu uuu d trustilie, that T mav hear fm vou a fifty cent rate is fixed on suits in-rnirtv I 'nnan nn miirmr'C! roll qc --.- " - ivolving an amount up to 5,000; $1 on"Respectfully yours,"R. QUARLES, D. D., (colored.)"121 Lamb St., Paris, Ky.Mtures from German and Austrian socialistic representaives to negotiate a fQrmag0ynseparate peace.The Entente embassies with thisassurance before them, frankly confessed the great sense of relief theyfjlt from the apprehension underwhich they have labored for the pasttwo weeks, that the extreme socialistic elements have so far dominatedthe provisionaltltirtv PnTinrlinn nfTiorr: foil lncf wool:pi: vimv Rifijrp nnonnV,nrr tn tho in. at your earliest convenience.The totals include killeland wounded, with the latter dominating.TASKENT ASIATIC RUSSIA, April SHEEP GROWING19. General Alexis Kuropatkin, Gov-, MENACED BY-CUR DOGSernor-General of Turkestan, his assist-!ant, General Yerofeiff and General Siv-i-rs.Chief nf Staff, htivp. hpp.n nrrpstprlovernment tlirough , the counril of Soldiers' Delegates.jail suits- between $5,000 and $10,000;!?2.50 on suits involving amounts ranging from $10,000 to $20,000 and $3.50Ion all suits over that amount. Tli'-bill was given its first reading andplaced in the calendar.but the price is in keeping with the fine quality that theyare. We would advise you to buy your shoes now, as allgrades of leather is advancing beyond the retailers' expectations and this Fall shoes will be considerably higher.It is said that the farmers and sheeplaisers of the county are coming tosoldiers and workmen's committees as J General Buroff, commanding the regard tne presence or large numoer,seriously to jeopardize the integrity of local brigade, also has been placed of cur dSs in the county as a menacethe Entente Alliance. jvnder arrest and confined to a guard to the sheep industry in the county.'rnnin nnrl llip mipstinn is rp?nlvinir itsplf"" t i . . . ......... . 'rntr. .TMvnri Hir ATr C T. Ctoonlior'Tonrpnort of I rue omcers are cnarged witn uistn- mto one of which shall survive, the "v" " " .... . --.to..PARIS MAN'S AUTO HITSCHILD IN LEXINGTON.While rounding a street corner inLexington, Wednesday afternoon, anLONDON, April 19. The... - ,.,.! o o: tt..:.,i r utme: arms to Russians in various dn- roicirxr nf ,,i. loo-c nr tho mkinf nS!. rriToH tricts lor defense against natives in LI "Gas Co., struck a littleY??S.i:?' ;" tt-ih ,io.i. event. of an attack. This action has, wh mn. RenPP.Sftntlinvea n, Prank. 'named Nannie Hall, w:iavai missiuu w i" x.w&. .., . heen held to be of a Drovocarv charac- r ... .. . frrm -nn dwro inm Vrf vr. ittnrf I tTr -n -V Virk -rt m.tfP vc ..- wIU1L Ui Z Ml TLllliK IL1JL L11C tJ-A 1Um ! ii ning with all phases of the submarine torrrogram, has been forwarded to Wasn-;lT.irton. where it is being considered byJL?S?JrSf,L -nrt ftp vnl board.! RIO, JANEIRO. BRAZIL, April 19.i itrsiuei-i. -3U" . --i,rt -ii hP enided bv it in determin- The seizure of German ships has been that will enable the farmers and sheep11J 111 UC uvv-vi nmnlatoi. tt-iflirviif iT.oi-lrf . ....lag the manner in which the Amen , More toan 50 000 aeraons attended iaiSerS l Kentucky to srow sueeP asZl flpPt mn best co-aoerate with the "a",;.' ill a-, they do any other kind of live stock.-Mu. -.-. . f, UIUUlUUaLlUll UC1U U11UC1 tllVi uumanager of the Paris Electric Light $Lnegro girlho. appearedparticular in theIrtnlli aP 4-lin TYintUinn ATt C! ri Tk vi l-rTit certainly behooves them (if impossi-1 " ., ,", ,,' ' ' ,ble at this session) Ko at the first pos f dd a11 the c"d to avfrt e acfsible moment make some provision nt,. but the child was too close toBritish navy m comoatmg tne unuei- spices of the LeagUe 0f Allies. Theor at least see that the laws are enacted so that those who lose sheepuifpx o.rait- liajrs nf trip Rnrentp. TiationR weraThe report is the result of several cheered, as were the diplomatic repre- through the raids of these cur dogs,days conference here between Rear .centatives of these countries, who at- are paid for them..; iMi qjme and the head of the 'ended the celebration. The crowd Last year a large number of dogsthe machine to avoid being struck.The girl was not seriously injured,but seemed to be overcome by thoshock. She was removed to St.Joseph's Hospital, where her injuries,which were pronounced not serious,were attended.Mr. Steenbergen was placed underarrest by Police Capt. Dennis Mc-.. t. .,...--. ninna.i inF. snrrpn rn a mn nirr.n oi fni.mi.i- n-nro ncfo.i tnr rnvnrinn in tup rnnnrvBritish Admiraiity, amio uav L -- - ---. r" u t.- "... ",. " ,w: 7 " I, T: .7,,'Carthv. charced with reckless driving.. fooiiifL- it thp di5nosal of tne l"1 u " uclHC,cu u afcU.T fctui tne tax oenveu irom tnis win , - . -. . .every facilitj at tne ciuposai ol JiSLThos Brazillian Ambassador of Ar- a , ti,a i but gave- bond for his appearance mAmerican mission m order uiat uiey who has a larcGr followin:r rfiU voV .r"4" ,aIM.b ' 1 . Police Court." When the case came to trial in thePolice Court at Lexington this morn-i t status o 0,e sub- ssru,;"itaata, ;;ie -set a?. ;"?yt ;?jzsujarinlf warfare.most any other man in public life.and the sacrifices they have sustained. .....-.. ir Ylrrr nrtrtt T-rl 1 rwl tn lnco f Vl cllDOI. 110 V, o '!ttt.L?rSi rirtT,:; Z' lU Steenbergen was. disinissed.jii. !- v. lrresisuoiy onwaru, caruosa uuwcii- mai. -ic "u"'" "j - .0. - ixit. p-;ri'WASHINGTON. Aprilthe first efforts of the British war ed. "I am convinced that war is ine- land owner can not escape payingcommission coming to America will be itable. All North and South Af erica taxes and they are really the founda70 rniind ud all the slackers who have ere long will be fighting for humanity ton cf most every industry. TheZen avoiding militarv service by re- 1 soon hope to see Brazil arise like a must ve the oC 8heep unGaining t Unit'ed States and g broken th ChamS WhiCh less they are given better protectionforce them into either the American or ..There is an absolute identity of in- for their sheeP in the future from thcBritish armies. i crest between Brazil and the United ravages of these dogs.The British commissioners hope to states as regards Germany."accomplish this by having the UnitedStates pass a law .either permittingrecruiting of allied subjects in theUnited States or making such sub-AT WILMOTH A CO.S BAKERY.A trial order will make you a reg-REDUCED BREAD RATION.COPENHAGEN, April 19. The re- ular customer for cookies of all kindsects liable to the universal service pro- auce(i bread ration m Germany has coffee cakes, tea rings, etc.Vision of the new army bill. row gone into effect Judging from WILMOTH & CO.. . "the tone of the press and the news;it ap-crrx' AT-ii iq Tt was announc items in German newspapers,rvmrKllv at the naw yard late Wed- rears that the reduction has caused D. 0f c. MEETINGed Official- at tne ua v y. rnt HiQpnntPTit nmnmr flip workmen .nesday that nomB ni,Mfi in great discontent among the workmenCreuem-e cxo l ., Mrexn y--.Mtc; fn rofnlio hvCliaVA J 51. iLU.UM .J .fcv-w wAT COURT HOUSE.reports from three coast-guard stations tlTkMon Cape Cod that neavy buuhic ., -u-A ff h masL The positiverfTtement was made that there had BUENOS AIRES, April 19. The session at the Confederate room in theSpn no naval engagement and that Government has ordered all German court house, Saturday afternoon. Therhins had not exchanged salutes residents of Belgrano, the northwest meeting will be called to order prompt-Wafh foreicn vessels suburbs of the city, to evacuate that ly at 2:30 o'clock. It is earnestly re-ThP nrevious announcement that section, has ordered the discharge of quested that every member be present,v ZZ fninfirine had been heard during all Austrian, German and Bulgarian and that each one come prepared to doTmnnJmr also was issued officially workmen at the arsenals and work- some sewing for the Confederate roomth navy yard. It was based on re- shops, and has reinforced the garri- in tha Massie Memorial Hospital, inrtfrom Cape Cod received by Lieu- son at the powder workst Two armed Paris.P t r Ptlakeslee in charge of the cruisers left this evening for an un ,aaval radio district known destination.Newspaper correspondents at poinU .xtn tHe Cape reported tnat ujrwtommmtototomto9totototo9Mp ?1BER CUSHION glJM3,MZft SOLE MlgSPmAK LEATHER OUT SO.fWS1.CT20KAL VIEW SHOWING CONSTRUCTION OF 5U-ZDr. A. REED'S CUSHION SHOs(patented)J. P. Smith. Shoe Company, MakersDr. Reed's Cushion Sole ShoesYou all know they are one of the old land marks of Paris.Many a man who suffered with achmg feet has been madehappy and comfortable by following Dr. Reed's adviceand wearing the soft cushion-sole shoe which bears hisname.Price $7-00 and $7.50Mitchell & Blakemore9901999SThe girl's mother testified that the accident was entirely the fault of thechild and that Mr. Steenbergen wasnot to blame.CHEAPER ThUnMEAT.STRANGERS MUST MOVE ON!CHANGE IN TIME TABLE.The Louisville & Nashville will haveFreshmeat.(It)fish to-day. CheaperC. P. COOK & COTOBACCO FERTILIZER.Tobaccois limited,once.The Paris Police Department is verycareful about the appearance of sus- a new time table making a few changpicious looking strangers in and about es in readiness for summer patronage.tthe city, and strict orders have been to become effective next Sunday,than given to have all such "move on!" April 22, at noon. The new schedule.The railroad yards and other places arranges for a number of changesare being closely watched and all made to accommodate the summer ex-, trains are subjected to a close search cursion business.!for "Weary Willies" and "Wandering Train No. 211, from Maysville. Sun-Johnnies" who may be tempted to day only, arrives Paris at 8:00 a. m.;make Paris a stopping place. All Train No. 210, from Rowland. Sundav-C-ii-h?Ii-Ta Cnnn.t.nuA .,!.. sucn wil1 not be Permitted to linger only, arrives Paris 8:05 a. m.; TrainriDv,e orders ax !.-. mu .,.;.,.. i--. a a --,.,-. wi. t . ? t . ,(April20-2t)here. The police also do a good work No. 40. from Lexington. Sundav onlvr c nprwT c. Ron by makin& a round-uP of vagrants and arrives Paris 8:10. All these trainsC. 5. BRENT & BKU. others whose occupation and means of connect with the Sunday excursion.Richard Hawes Chapter, Daughtersof the Confederacy, will hold a special SMAYSVILLE BARACAS DETERMINED TO OUTDO PARISI livelihood are not apparent on the trains from Paris to Cincinnati. Traiasurface. The farms, the navy and the No. 214, from Lexington, Sunday only.!NEW STORE ROOMI APPROACHING COMPLETION.RIO JANERIO, April 19. Late re-notheard any gunfinng ana tnat uiej portg frQm porto Alger say seVeral The remodeling work on the storearmy need these able bodied loafers, arrives Paris 9:20 p. m.; Train No.some of whom are preying on the kind- 239, from Cincinnati, Sunday only, ar-nooci iTfl avmnnthipei nf fripnrR lnstftnfl Vnt. Dnici n.on -, , . n-.j tvt nncontest between the Baraca ",,,: "irrT",: ;." 7 ,;i. l U,:L i1"1" A"'of making their own living!PATRONIZE "BUCK."for Lexington, Sunday only, leavesParis 8:10 a. m.; Train No. 240, forWm.I Cincinnati, Sunday only, leaves Paris1 8:20 a. m.; Train No. 214, for Mays-(Buck) Freeman has opened aJviUe, Sunday only, leaves Paris 9:30- .- - "" U --..WWW IS- .--W - , .. .,knew nothing of it except irom "V big German establishments are in4 room on the ground floor of the Odd be held at the First Baptist church this .eie ulLa can,ai aui.uu4 flames and the Hotel Schmidt has Fellows' building at the corner of i evening when plans will be made for1bulletins issued by the navties.MAnnm ADril 19. Thec?t Tnm has beenSLCttl-iO'"!' . tii1. lnrnaad sunk without warning, ras""l as were lost The Tom was 2,409 while cranking an automobile Sat-tons gross.Spanishtorpedoedbeen reduced to ashesBROKEN ARM.Main and Sixth streets, which hasbeen going on for some time under thesupervision of Contractor George B.Minter, is rapidly approaching completion.Theclasses of the Maysville and ParisBaptist churches still continues to attract a great deal of attention. TheParis class h. een making a rather.t.Vi.11 ctmrrof. Hiif still apHvolv lit-work. The Maysville Independent of new barber shP in, store room on p. m.; Train No. 239, for Lexington,Wednesday, says of the Maysville Mam re(ntly occupied by the Sunday only, leaves Paris 9:30 p. m.;class' plans for furthering the inter- Bourbon Horse Goods Co and solicits Tram No. 209, for Rowland, Sundayests of the class in the contest for the 'Patronage of the public. He has only, leaves Paris 9:40 p. m.membership fitted up his shop with a view in giving I No other changes have been made"A. meeting of the. managing com- nrst-class service, and asks all his old the scehdule of the week-day trains,- r a4--. w mim n H v ATt irrn n ev Yirrl 1 T n TmAIk 1 ..- 1 .. !l it .mittee of the local Baraca class will "" " "c" "" a "c" lu,uoul lw1 ana mrougn, remamin-asjai present,iening wuen piansthe campaign for next Sunday when it STATE PRESIDENT TO ADDRESSis expected to have at least two hun-j LOCAL ENDEAVOR SOCIETIES.dred men' in attendance at the class.The attendance last Sunday was 132,' Homer W. Carpenter, of Lexingtonwhich is the largest men's class that State President of the Young PeoplesTHINGS TO WORRY ABOUT.Only a short time ago Kings werelooked upon as the whole cheese. Today tney don't amount to a row ofThe rnnm will hf nronniPfl hv ir', i 1 : at,,-,.;!!- r'lTriction H.nrlpnvr.r Sammv will enpnVv. --,, i j nas ever ut.fc.ii kuuwii iu. .uajsviuc. .-... uv.v..w. w.ww.,, ..... t,w.. ,,urua, jiu! ut.iWA, CiupiUvCu uj luc jgan toward, wno win move nis gro- The locals are running away withParis tn the Young Peoples' Soaeties ofPins. The day of one-man rule hasWilmoth Grocery Co.. had a bone in f.orv ctnnv thprp from hk r.rpspnt in-'. ..) . . . . , . .i fiio ntv cnmior van!nr t r-iz. of tiia .i- j - v...v. . m XQe congest, DUt tney are uuw ueiei- t. j -.li-A.J v..v-.a -.w .. . kv- pasaeu, anu, as someone suggests. It. his right arm broken when the crank cation adjoining the Paris Gas & Elec- ,oH tn r1ofof Vari Ro had that Christian church. A very cordial in- win not hP im.,, hpf r wMo ic n enn ., n T- . . .w ww - o w. urn, yia.z,MSTBRDAIW, April 19 .-The Frankfllrtw Zeitung, a copy of wnicn ni3 slipped and struck him;,.. received here, says the German of Mr James Lenox,pple and the Imperial GOYernmeuytreeLiee Teople IS'nEW BAKERY TO BEr3K- .21 -ENED T0'DAY-will not peruiii. uuv -He IS a Son tri rn nn ATnin strPPfof Railroad IPUPILS TO GIVE! - DRAMATIC ENTERTAINMENTThe pupils of the Bourbon College'Prenaratorv Denartment will give acions, but we win no v nrflnr i The Wilmotli Grocery Co., will open dramatic entertainment in the Col-w confuse the tvo Qf QUr state their new bakery to-day for the acconv iege building to-night at 8:15 frclock.to make democra tiz a eace modation of their trade. Thnew con- to which all the friends and patrons oflie price of our a tta i it - cem occupies two especially construct- the College are cordially invited."We reject such inte ed w& rooms in Uie rear of tlie gr0. The lprogram wjh consist of a read-a&airs." eery and meat departments, and is a insr by Mr. Smith: a comedv "Threemodel of compactness and equipment. Dear Friends," in one act, by Kather-t .i.- AnrilCOPENHAGEN, via uv"u B J.lln The bakery is equipped with the very ine Metcalf Roof, the cast being as fol19The National Tidendes latest models cf machinery; Sough mix- lows: "Mildred," Miss Mary Elizabeth-.rlont R9VS tnat faOlllC "- . nA, -.trill VlO QimVllDf. tt tnVo T -, . I T -.--.---. TJ- TIT.,-... V.nnl .JL BfiJ. J.1HOO IMlLiy XVGUllWCOrresptruii""- -- ,onr hlVP eia' ,tv" "" ,Jil " -""'v' w w.-- ucuu,ammunition factones m uwu. QaTe of a large outpufc of fresll bread Webber; "Eva," Miss Marguerite"been affected by the strike. JNio -daily. It will be in charge of an ex- Doyle; "Maid," Miss Irene Bramblette;tiem, however, are being operated. l)Perienced baker, and will turn out onlv and ? one-act drama by Ellis Kingsley.iffered the niSnest g&e bread, cakes, etc.. entitled, "The Other Woman," inPARIS, April 19 Germany s u" made from the highest grade materi- which the cast is as follows: "Sylvieanother crushing blow upon "J 0f-als. Every precaution has been taken Graham," (a young widow), Misscrn front Monday. wllnh were by the WUmoUi Grocery Co. to make Irene Bramblette; "Enid Vivian," (anthe strongest .part JJL estimated their bakery absolutely clean and san- address), Miss Sara Power, Mr. Al--wrestedfrom her knjef wounded itaryt so the public may be assured of bert Francis Smith, director, and Missloss of nearly l , getting first-class goods in a first-class Dunn, of the College, will have chargeAll France liails the victory as away.they will know Maysville is on tha vitation is exienaea to an tne young a King may be found will be in a declcmap to stay." people of the city. '0f cards or on a checker board.LOOK!A $1.50 KEYSTONESELF-FILLING FOUNTAINPEN ALMOSTPREECut out this coupon, put yo'u: name and address in space below and take it and 39 cents to the Advertising Demonstration AT VARDEN & SON, THE REXALL STORE, BETWEEN 3 P. M. AND 8 P. MSATURDAY, APRIL 21, 1917., and get a $1.50 FOUNTAIN PEN. Guaranteed for one year.The "Fountain Pen has come to be an earmark to the progressive, efficient man, who wants a writinginstrument always at hand, alway ready.School boys and girls ahays look forward to owning a real TOUNTAIN PEN. We have in IdealPen for the school child, with a point made especially for school vork.THIS OFFER GOOD FOR 5 HOURS ONLY, SATURDAY, APRIL 21, 1917 ONE TO A CUSTOMER.A Year's Guarantee Certificate Given With Each Penq MANUFACTURED. BY KEYSTONE FOUNTAIN PEN COMPANY21-23 Ann SL ' New York, N. Y.Name-Cut Out This Coupon.. AddressYou Mutt Have a Coupon to Get a Pen.of the program.Im?!lVivv-v" -sz,fcfcGETWbTHE BOURBON NEWS, PARIS, KY.FRIDAY, APRIL 20, 1517,MbiMC-The Bourbon NewsTtablished 188135 Years of Continuous Publication.I they jumped the price, the resultwould have been to check the use of1 dynamite. Farmers had just begun to,buy it extensively for breaking up; rough land, and a higher price wouldIBMDB1'.have stopped this in a large measure.Jblished Every Tuesday and Friday. He believed they would sell more dyw Year... $2.00 Six Months... 1.00 nannte in five years by keeping pricesPayable in Advance. .moderate.I Bui there are some business menwho don't see a point like that. PerSW1FT CHAMP, Editor and Owner. haps it might apply even in the matfMimrnirn'lisUS 9nvmnwaafflater of the present high cost of gasoline.I It is a general rule that the public doesnot like to buy articles subject to largefluctuations, and that where prices goup very high, substitutes are found.!iptmfI.NNII 6 a i naMn, .4tf EDITORIAL MUSINGS.:.The Town Beautiful Movement.iTHIS IS CERTAINThe Proof That Paris Readers CannotDeny.The street cleaners may .pick upvery scrap of paper. Householdersmay rake and comb their neatly trim I What could furnish stronger eviaed lawns. But if the people of a town dence of the efficiency of any remedypersist in maintaining ugly buildings, than the test of time? Thousands ofthe town will always offend people of people testify that Doan's Kidney Pillsgxxxl taste. have brought lasting results.Onr lawns preserve jealously the ' Home endorsement should prove unrights of the individual. Every man' doubtedly the merit of this remedy,house is his castle. If he sees fit to Years ago your friends and neighborsfttinl it a shouting combination of testified to the relief they had derivedfetae, purple and orange, he can do it. f'om the use of Doan's Kidney Pills.Ike law can not interfere. Many ad- They now confirm their testimonialsTanced reformers demand a closer reg- Ihey say time has completed the test.ulatior of the development of private) George McCandles, Second street.property. They would have plans for Paris, says: "My kidneys were inac9Mj prospective building inspected in 'tive and I had backaches. Doan's Kidadvance by a building commission, ney Pills put a stop to all the troubl?.which should have power to reject anything that would low er the appearanceof Ik town.Much can be said for such an idea.Tt ITen you consider how municipalThey gave me complete relief." (Statement given January 17, 1912.)NO TROUBLE SINCE.Over four years later, or on November 9, 1916, Mr. McCandles added:office is filled, how the politicians J "I have not had any need of a kidneywould eniov servincr on such a com-! remedy since I last endorsed Doan'smission, with its possible chances ofgraft, proposals for any such regulation will go very slow.People who contemplate any kindof bmiding should consider not merelythe cost and income of it, but its effecton the town as a whole. A flimsystructure of tin and gingerbread doesmore harm than its taxes are worth.The worst offenders are not alwaysthe cheap builders. Some men who inKidney Pills" the same that Mr. McCandles has twice publicly recommendod. Foster-Milburn Co., Props., Buffalo,N. Y. (adv)BOURBON FARMING CONDITIONS.The continued cold and wet weatherlias delayed the farmers so muchthat their crops will be rather latethis spring. The wheat crop looks bet-vest large sums of money, erect florid iter than it did for a while, and someand conspicuous structures that are ri- think that it will turn out much bet-diculously unfit. If such builderscould hear the remarks of their neighbors, ihey would need no regulation by"building commission.A building dating back to a town'.;early history often stands long afterits use has passed. Paint judiciouslyapplied will at least make it inconspicuous.'1 If it is not worth a goodcoat of paint, it isn't worth standing.If it has any appearance of being ramshackle, it injures nearby real estate,and' is not a profitable investment forthe owner.The High War Prices.A farm supply dealer serving a rural district was telling the other dayabout advances in prices, and speculating as to who were getting rich out ofit. lie told as an illustration the experience of his own concern with dynamite Before the war, they bought itfor V13 cents. Now they paid 30 forthe same article.Saly in the war, they bad stockedup heavily at 13 cents. They contented themselves with advancing the retail price to only 20 cents. They feltjustified in asking -this, as in manylines, they expected to meet losseson. depreciation of values after thewar.Thi is a typical illustration of hovthe store located near home, dependent on the near-by community, tendsto keep prices steady and keep out ofspeculation. But there are manvfirms who distribute goods over a widearea, that would not question a moment about putting their dynamite upto 35 cents, even had they had it opkand at old prices. They take adTantage of all fluctuations. Some bigfortunes will result from the war inthis "ay.The firm that protects its customersmay not be philanthropic, but simply islooking at business in a bigger way.The dealer above referred to said,that by keeping the price of dynamitefairiy low, they pleased their trade,and did one more thing to build up aloyal patronage. Furthermore, hadter than was at first thought for. Thorye crop looks good.Many gardeners have their onions iand potatoes planted,but on account ofthe high price of seed potatoes therewill not be as many raised as therewould have been if the prices hadbeen within reach. Many gardenerswill set out more onions and potatoesthan they have for past years.Eggs are plentiful and the outlookfor the poultry trade is good. Goodcountry butter is very scarce, antlbringing hign prices.HOW'S THIS?We offer One Hundred Dollars Reward for any case of Catarrh that cannot be cured by Hall's Catarrh Medicine. Hall's Catarrah Medicine has beentaken by catarrh "sufferers for the pastthrity-five years, and has becomeknown as the most reliable remedyfor Catarrh. Hall's Catarrh Medicineacts through the Blood and Mucoussurfaces, expelling the Poison fromthe Blood and healing the diseasedportions.After you have taken Hall's CatarrhMedicine for a short time you will seea great improvement in your generalhealth. Start taking Hall's CatarrhMedicine at once and get rid of catarrh. Send for testimonials, free.F. J. CHENEY & CO., Toledo, O.(april-adv)COUNCIL OF NATIONAL DEFENSE TO CONTROL FOOD.WASHINGTON, April 17. Legislation to empower the Council of National Defense to supervise distribution of food, and if necessary fix maximum and minimum nrices. was being! framed to-day as one of the results ofI Monday's conference between theIsreat Chicago meat packers and Secretary Houston, of the Department ofAgriculture.I Headed by J. Ogden Armour, a delegation of the foremost packers, including Edwin Morris, E. A. Cudahy.Thomas E. Wilson and L. F. Swift, as-XEverybody Knows HendricksTelephone 2585Lexington, Ky.All Metal(Higgins Mfg. Co.)Window ScreensWeather StripsWALGER AWNINGSA Tire for Every,Need of Price andUse'Nobby' 'Chain'Royal Cord''Usco' 'Plain'Experience Is theTest of TiresEvery tire claims to be the . lowest-cost-per-mfletire.If you knew the experience of any considerablenumber of other tire users,that would help you decide which tire makesgood on the claim.We don't know about other makes of tires, but wedo knowthat motorists who have used United States Tirescontinue to use them;that more and more motorists who used othermakes of tires are turning to United States Tires.These two facts are proved by the amazing salesincreases of United States Tiressales increases that are vastly greater than eventhe greater natural increase in the number of automobiles this year over lastwhich shows where tire service is.United States TiresAre Good TiresUnited States Tubesand Tire AccessoriesHave All the SterlingWorth and Wear thatMake United StatesTires Supreme.lSSSM lldl MilUnited States Tires are carried by the following Sales and Service Depots who can tell you which of the fivetypes of United States Tires exactly suit your needs : MILLERSBURG GARAGE, MILLERSBURG, KY.Best Screen Doors and Windows InThe World.Window and Door Equipments.T. A. HENDRICKSLEXINGTON, KY.sured Secretary Houston of their utmost co-operation and voluntarily proposed that the government take stepsto fix prices through the Council ofNational Defense.The licensing of food distributingagencies so the government may tracaany movements of middlemen or others in price is one of the features ofthe plan the packers proposed.As their own "bit" in defending theNation, the speakers offered a plan to (distribute their products at a minimum of profit to themselves and oneof them estimated the saving to thepublic would approximate at least onehundred million dollars a year.Secretary Houston favors the planand will have a part in drafting legislation to put into effect. The powerto be invested in the Council of National Defense, ih is said, would beused only when the national interestrequired it Whenever there was evidence of price fixing or monopoly otsupplies the Council would fix maximum and minimum prices to check it.liliiiillllllliiJJiiiiiiiiiiliiiilililliiigliillllllH. .fl . iHow He Wrote His Name.Quill pens were made in the fifth ccntury. There is no record of their earlier juse. Theodoric, the Ostrogoth king, issaid to have been illiterate and unableto write his own name. A golden platewas made with the letters of hisname cut through it This was placedover the document he was expected tosign, and' he traced his name throughthe open spaces with a quill.WHY CONSTIPATION INJURESThe bowels are the natural sewerage system of the body. When theybecome obstructed by a constipation a.part of the poisonous matter whichthey should carry off is absorbed intothe system, making you feel dull andstupid, and interfering with the digestion and assimilation of food. Thiscondition is quickly relieved by Chamberlain's Tablets. Obtainable everywhere. (april-adv)are made exclusively formedium and full figuresRengo Belt Corsets are not intended forslender women they are strong, sturdy corsets for medium and stout women, reinforced by a specially designed and exclusiveRengo Belt feature for straightening theabdominal line.In every other respect these famous corsetsare ideal for reducing because of their perfectlines and absolute strength. Rengo BeltCorsets cannot be stretched out of shape orbroken, no matter what amount of wearingstress is put upon them by heavy figures.They will mould to their own beautiful linesbecause they are stronger than any figure,yet pliable and comfortable because they haveno "fixings" or "trappings" of any kindnothing to indicate that they are speciallyconstructed Reducing corsets, unless youunderstand the scientific tailoring of thedesign itself.All models are boned throughout with double watchspring steels, and some are fitted with "slcdasiic" webbinginserts, for more active freedom.( 8 )l. jr ii y jmmmmSTEELASTIC pf 1 IWEBBING y Dl nRENGOBELTFEATURE.Upsjr-PRICES$2.00, $3.00 and $5.0fFor Sale by FRANK & CO.iiiiiiiiiiiiif MnuuHnniuniiuiminiHHiHMmmMUHUiiiMimiiiiiHHiiinuiwtHiHimiHiaHwirimHunjiiN f1 ..". f T1A.rFRIDAY, APRIL 20, 1917.THE BOURBON NEWS, PARIS, KY,sPAGEOvercome ChronicConstipationV Tlrtn f nnni imi in 4n An4- .. Unhabit of strong purgatives. Theyrelieve, and that is all. And theycall for increased dosage. A sensible treatment will arouse the liverand give tone and strength to thebowels. It is offered inSOCIAL AND PERSONAL.Comings and Goings of OurPeople Here, There andElsewhere.t.7HrWflJflartSSfMVSurejAdGentlcLgxaiive?ttce 25 u Kih.nnuro3CorMany years havo shown the usefulness ofchis remedy. It's theideal laxxitL, emtle. eiYective andstrengthening. Now it may beobtained in tablet form, for convenience in takir.s-.Manalin will not form a habitof cathartics. Vsed as directed.the silffprrr mnv t a.rinllr vpect not only immediate relief.uiit me re-iormationof proper habits, inthe natuinl way.Liquid if you desireit, $1 and o5c.Tablets, 25c and 10cCarry a box withrou. Constipation islargely a matter ofhabit. You can overcome it with M.m.ilin's help.The Peruse. Company,Columbus, OhioANNOUNCEMENT.We are authorized to announce thogopfd Democrats below as candidiatesat the Democratic primary on August4,1917, to fill the offices to whichthey aspire:FOR STATE SENATORLEE W. WAINSCOTT,Clark County.GEORGE HON,Clark County. .ABRAM RENICK,Clark County.Mr. E. B. Rogers, of East St Louis,Ills., is a guest of friends in this- city.Mr. Carter N. Martin has returnedfrom a business trin to KnnwiiioTenp.Miss Alleen Jones, of Winchester,is the attractive guest of Miss MaryMartin.Mrs. w. P. Fox has returned froma visit to Mrs. C. C. Parrish, at PilotView, in Clark county.Mr. and Mrs. J. Stuart Robertsvisited relatives in Georgetown and.fccott county this week.I Mrs. Taylor Chandler and daughter, Miss Martha, have returned totheir Home in Covington.Misses Hazel Myers and1 FannieJames have returned, from a visit toMrs. L. W. Ishmael, in Lexington.Miss Maud Wilson has returned toWinchester, where she is attendingschool, from a visit to relatives in thiscity.Mrs. Blanton Holt, of Lexington,attended the funeral and burial of Mr.Jos. Holt, in this city, Tuesday afternoon. Mrs. Morris Harkins has returnedto her home in Lexington after a visitto Mrs. Mary Saloshin, on Pleasantstreet.Mrs. Thomas Helm Clay was aguest this week of her daughter, Mrd.R. M. Hopkins, and Rev. Hopkins, inCovington.Mrs. Frances Lail has returnedfrom a two-weeks' visit to her daughter, Mrs. G. T. Thompson, near Taylors ville, Ky.Mr. George T. Collins has returnedto his home in Hamilton, Ohio, after avisit to his daughter, Mrs. A. B. Dennlson, on Railroad street.Miss Frances Clay and brother, Mr.Turney Clay, have returned from avisit to friends and relatives in Winchester and Clark county.Mr. W. B. Allen, who has been inthe Massie Memorial Hospital forsome time, where he underwent a surgical operation, has returned to hishome on Duncan Avenue.HUTCHISON.FOR REPRESENTATIVE.C. M. THOMASFOR SHERIFF.WILL G. McCLINTOCK,...Jt Doc Marshall and Bob Gilkey asdeputies.L. A. SOPER,With D. E. Clarke and L. C. Ashcraftas deputies.FOR COUNTY JUDGE.GEORGE BATTERTONc. a. McMillan.FOR COUNTY ATTORNEYDAVID D. CLINE.Mr. Gilbert Martin is quite ill withme measles.Mrs. T. PI. Smith visited friends atLexington last week.Miss Margaret Medlin, who hasbeen quite ill for some time, is muchimproved.Mr. Allen, of Millersburg, has returned home after a visit to MissEmma Jacoby.Mrs. William Case, formerly ofthis neighborhood, is the guest of hersister, Mrs. Hoffman.Miss Aylma Pryor, of near Lexington, was a visitor in the neighborhoodTuesday and Wednesday.The Quincy Burgess farm was soldlast week to a gentleman from Winchester, at a private price.Mrs. Thomas Berkley and daughter, Lillian, have returned home aftera visit to friends at Lexington.Mr. C. H. Wood, who has been attending a medical college in Pennsylvania, is the guest of his father, nearHutchison.' The Rev. J. J. Dickey, who hasbeen conducting successful protractedmeetings at different points, has returned home.Quite a number from Hutchisonattended the lecture at Lexington, Saturday, by Rev. A. O. Stanley and othernoted speakers.Margaret Martin, little daughter ofMr. and Mrs. Gilbert Martin, is seriously ill with pneumonia, at the familyhome near Hutchison.There will be a iop and pie supper at the Hutchison school, Fridaymight, April 20. The public is cordial-l invited to attend.t;vLOYALTY TO HOME.Squire and Mrs. Robert O. Turnerhave returned from a winters' stay inFlorida. They are temporarily established at the home of Mr. and MrsArchie Bedford, on West Eighth street.Mr. R. Davis Hutchcraft of Tampa,Florida, is a guest of his parents, Mr.and Mrs. Perry Hutchcraft, in EastParis. Mr. Hutchcraft is now cityeditor of the Tampa, Fla., Times, oneof the most progressive dailies in theland of flowers. Mr. Hutchcraft hasmade good with the Times, and willleturn to his duties after a short visithere.(Other Personals on Page 5)With the advent of Spring comes themail order pest. Every delivery almostbrings catalogues of goods to be sold.Our community spirit is attacked, andmade to pay for its own destructionin this manner.What a great thing it would be ifour people would bend together forthe extermination of this pest. If thepeople who patronize the mail orderhouses could only be brought to seethe injury they do not only themselves,but the community in which they liveby spending their money away fromhome, of course they would stop itTHE NEWS proposes as far as weare able to wage a war on the mail order business, as we stand for loyaltyto home interests as long as home interests remain loyal to themselves andtheir own community..-JLLJ-i-BlackTread-i Red-f-Sides I ji ---r- --l J'..: fQ:tXtjfr-v-...''slSave more money, get more mileagewith ,Diamjeai-i iresrmtfirVKSAk?ilIII llimk.j&nairi'COUNTY SUPERINTENDENT OFSCHOOLS.J. B. CAYWOOD.MISS MABEL ROBBINS,EYEGLASSES NO BAR.Seventy-five per cent of the womenomployed in the German metal traderwork ten hours or more a day.FOR JAILERGEO. W. JUDY,THOS. TAUL,JOHN H. DOTY,WALKER KISER,C. T. MASTERSON,W. 0. BUTLER,JOHN W. KING,J. W. HART.FOR ASSESSORWALTER CLARK,st Paris, with Jno. J. Redmon, of NorthMlddletown, as deputy.GEO. D. SPEAKES,o! Paris, with Lee R. Craven, of LittleRok. at Deputy.FOR MAYORJAMES H. MOREDAND.W. O. HINTONE. B. JANUARY(London Chronicle.)"I cannot see without my glasses,and you can't expect a man to go onj active service wearing glasses," saidan applicant for examination at theGuildhall Tribunal. He was told thatboth in our own armies and in thoseof the enemy men wearing glassestare now common. The chairman citedj a case known to him of a soldier who,i though at first rejected because of badj sight, had recently been decorated by.'the King for gallantry in the field.Nobody ever "bears" the price of;ecossaries. Pittsburg Gazette-Times.Your car runs on four tires. When you save in the cost of your tiresthis multiplies your savings by four when you use four Diamonds.The quality of Diamonds is as mechanical as mathematics, too.Machines which cannot make a mistake perfect the work of men whoknow fabric, rubber and tire-construction.This inimitable, tough, "stubbornized" black rubber squeegee tread,lithe as a lariat, actually outwears steel.That is why increasing thousands of motorists see the first cost saving in Diamond Tires and enjoy the further benefit in their long, dependable service.Every Diamond Tire must deliver full value in service.If ever a Diamond Tire fails, a cheerful, willing adjustmentwill be promptly made.Diamond TiresC. S. BALL GARAGECor. 4th & Pleasant Sta., Paris, Ky.This is a sordid, commercial, careless, unromatic age but the almshouses are full of the children whomarried on nothing but love.Plan right now for a job whenschool is out this spring. Don't worryabout the pay get a job.SEAPLANE LOOPS THE LOOP.Looping the loop in an ordinary aeroplane is no longer a novelty, havingbeen done again and again by exhibition fliers, but owing to the heavy pontoons attached to the hydroaeroplane,it was considered impossible to do thefeat with that type of machine, untilthe recent performance of CaptainFrancis T.Evans, of the United StateMarine Corps at the aeronautical startion at Pensacola, Fla. Captain Eraatwice looped the loop in a seaplane ofthe Curtiss tractor type, to the greatastonishment of his brother officer.He found it necessary to fly at a Yryhigh speed before he could gain ths laverted position.2G CENTS DESTROYSYOUR DANDRUFF ANDSTOPS FALLING HAIR.Save Your Hair! Make it Thick, Wavy jand Beautiful Trv This! iFOR POLICE JUDGECLAUDE F. REDMON,J. W. BROWN,P. A. THOMPSONHARRY Lu MITCHELIi.ERNEST MARTINOnce invasion was the nightmare ofthe nations; now it's evasion dodgingof taxes.Hemstitching!We are now prepared to dothe finest kind ofHemstitching and PicotEdge Workon all kinds of material, f Specialattention given to mail orders.Special Demonstrator FromCincinnati, Ohio.All work and prices guaranteedsatisfactory.i Th'.n, brittle, colorless and scraggy!hair is mute evidence of a neglectedscalp; of dandruff that awful scurf.There is nothing so destructive tothe hair as dandruff. It robs the hairof its lustra, its strength and its verylife; eventually producing a feverishness and itching of the scalp, which ifnot remedied causes the hair roots toshrink, loosen and die then the hairfalls out fast. A little Danderine tonight now any time will surelysave your hair.Get a 25-cent bottle of Knowlton'sDanderine from any drug store or toilet counter, and after the first application your hair will take on that lif2,lustre and luxurance which is so beautiful. It will become wavy and fluffyand have the appearance of abundance, an incomparable gloss and softness; but what will please you mostwill be after just a few week's use,when you will actually see a lot offine, downy hair new hair growingall over the scalp. (adv)SAFE MEDICINE FOR CHILDREN.TheSINGER SEWINGMACHINE STOREE. Tcnn. Phone 931 Home Phone 418627 MAIN ST., PARIS, KY.Mrs. Blanche VimontHEMSTITCHINGAND PICOTj- 508 Mai Street(Next to Mrs. Mamie Parker's) o"Is It safe?" is the first question tobe considered when buying coughmedicine for children. Chamberlain'sCough Remedy has long been a favorite with mothers of young children asit contains no opium or other narcotic,and may begiven to a child as confidently as to an adult. It is pleasantto take, too, which is of great impor Ltance wueu a, uieuiciue muai uc bucjto young children. This remedy ismost effectual In relieving coughs,colds and croup. Obtainable everywhere. (april-adv)Silence is golden, but if you holdfours, make an intelligent noise backof them.'OneDropurbvn Poultry RemedyJcwdAJc'fwittW CURESA few drops in the -drinkln water cures IvA ft-JSdiarrhoea, cholera- end other chickdiseases. One W-cent bottle makesrations of medicine. At arnrristt or by mall postpaid, valuable poultry book tree on request.HUN KKH .. ll. fet, Villi 111 1111 MM 111 111 Ikj BaTBpHfiNfv bbKn 99ri j JbHb9p - JH&ikba AlSflHnfleiHsBABS rA hTLBa kB aZ 2jAH vSB 3 FBVbSbInnflsinniBii ibhi ihbM m IbbS HbH bbB bHIbL JbMBL-MbIL L- JB0L-JelBBL- . abmrApril 21st to 28thMarx MadeTrouser WeekThe Great National EventOn the dates named we will offer for yourconsideration a wonderful exposition ofthese high grade trousers, showing a splendid variety of fabrics and patterns anda range of sizes enabling us to fit any man.The general reputation of "the makersof MarxMadeOothes is sufficientguarantee of satisfaction, but to this weadd our own personal guarantee that youwill be well pleased with your purchasein every way.Watch for our window display ofthese well know'n trousersIncidentally, your attention is also calledto the other lines in our store which wecan assure you are selected with the samedegree of care and thought that decidedus in our purchase of Ma TX MadeTrousers.The Best Is None Too Good ForOur CustomersH. M. Collins & Co.Paris,. KentuckyUiM.1" - -fSTPAGE POURTHE BOUKBON NEWS, PARIS; E5&FRIDAY, APRIL 2; 191T?NThe Bourbon Newstttabllshed 188136 Years of Contlnlons Publication.Bubllshed Every Tuesday and Friday.Per Year. ..?2.00 Six Months... $1.00Payable in Advance.aWIFT CHAMP, Editor and OwnerRELIGIOUS.(Entered at the Paris,- Kentucky,Poatoffice as Mail Matter of theSecond Class.)Rev. W. O. Sadler, pastor, will ocoiinv liic niilnit- nh tViA ATpHinrlisfI church, Sunday, at 10:45 a. ra. andjp. m. Sunday School at 9:30 a. ra.Ep worth League at 6:15 p. m., subject,'XJ. X Tiir TTnflnwrMiMfln lix M.nun 11115 uuuciiuiuua iuc uuai-acter." Leader, Mr. P. W. GallowayThe public is invited to all these services.&T-n--- - Kir:zr-PRICES OF CATTLE TOLIKELY SOAR HIGHERPARIS BANKS MAKEA GOOD SHOWING,The published statements of theParis banks, issued tpursuant to a recent call from the State Banking Commissioner, show these institutions tobe in a most gratifying financial condition. The reports show a grand totalof deposits amounting to $2,331.22, notincluding the First National Bank, asfollows:Deposit-Peoples $826,267.34Bourbon-Agricultural . . . . . . 717,401.53Millersburg Farmers ..'... 267,842.87North Middletown Deposit. . 195,553.02Paris Farmers & Traders.. 157,582.24Millersburg Exchange 102,207.0 JClintonville Farmers 55,825.1.")BLUE GRASS DENTALASSOCIATION MEETINGWgkSHAKING HANDS AND'TELLIN' '.EM THINGS.The candidates for the various cityand county offices are as busy as birddogs shaking hands with the dearvoters and telling them their especialqualifications for the particular officethey are seeking. Quite a number ofthem have issued handsomely printedcards frGm the office of THE NEWSthat are bound to be good vote-getters."We are ready and prepared to turn outseveral thousand more as the campaignprogresses so bring in your copy andlet us do the rest.Put your faces on the cards, gentlemen. They talk while you sleep.There are several others who are budding and listening for the buzz of thebees. If you are afraid that it will getout on you, then don't announce inTHE NEWS, because it goes intoevery home in the city and county"where a good country paper is readand appreciated and they will tell iton you.THE NEWS hears on perfectly goodauthority that there will be a numberof new candidates in the field beforevery long, for some of the city andcounty offices where others have already announced. If they are as wiseas we think they are their announcements will soon appearinTHE NEWS,the peoples' paper. ""In an interview with Mr. Henry 3.Cajrwood, of the firm of Caywood,McClintock & Smith, of Paris, regarding the cattle market, the Mt. Sterling Sentinel Democrat says:"Mr. Henry Caywood, the wellknown Bourbon county cattle andstock buyer, was in this city on business Tuesday and a number of localcattle raisers were anxious to getbis opinion as to the probable price ofexport cattle during the present summer. Mr. Caywood stated that he hadalready contracted for a number of extra fine cattle at 11 cents per poundand that he was at that time willing togive 12 cents for the very best quality, if they could be found. Whenasked for his candid opinion as towhether or not cattle would remain atthe fabulous prices now being receivedhe said that in his opinion cattle wouldsell for 11 or 12 cents throughoutthe summer. One mistake, he said, theraisers had and were making was innot feeding the cattle properly. Hesaid that even at the high iprice offeed now, it was the best money thatcould be spent of raisers exepected toget top-notch prices."$2,331,679.22The First National's last statement,published March 5, shows depositsamaunting to $657,880.52. This amountadded to the grand total precedinggives the sum of $2,989,559.74 now deposited in the vaults of the eight banksin the county.The spring meeting of the BlueGrass Dental Association, of which Dr.Raymond R. McMillan, of Paris, ispresident, will be held at the PhoenixHotel, in Lexington, to-morrow. Anattendance of over one hundred ispredicted. Fifty visiting dentists fromLouisville are expected.The technical part of the programto be observed is composed of clinicsand reading of papers bearing on subjects of great interest to the dentalprofession. The session will open attwo o'clock to-morrow afternoon, thev entire afternoon being devoted toclinics. V A banquet will be held at sixo'clock, and will be followed by reading of papers on dental topics.The committee in charge of arrangements is composed of Dr. W. F. Walz.cb airman; Drs. W. W. Taylor, HarryHodges, I. S. Stephenson and R. R. McMillan, the latter of Paris, and president of the Association.ComingAttractionsiSAUFLEY BUYS THREE jRICHMOND PAPERS.: ALL KINDS OF FRESH BREADS.1 S. M. Saufley, who recently sold theInterior Journal at Stanford, bought allof the Democratic newspapers at Richmon, Madison county, Wednesday. Hesecured the Climax, Madisonian andRegister, weekly papers, from Grant E.Lilly. He paid, it is said, about $16,000 for the three plants. It is understood he will merge them and in a shorttime issue a daily with a weeklyedition.' French bread, cream bread andFrench rolls baked fresh every day.1 WILMOTH & CO.L. & N. PAY DAY.B-4 riREInsure withW.O. HINTON &SON,AgtsFIRE DESTROYS GROCERY ANDDWELLING IN MIDWAY.UNIFORM RANK K. P.ELECTS NEW OFFICERSAt the the recent meeting of A. J.Lovely Company, Uniform Rank K. ofP., in Paris, the following officers wereelected to serve the full term of 1917:Win. "W. Dudley, captain; D. Y. L.Farley, first lieutenant; Roscoe Carmichael, second lieutenant; Ira Bowentreasurer; W. O. Kabler, recorder; GM. Turner, chaplain; Thomas Bratton,fiist sentinel; "Wm. Gifford, secondsentineLThe installation of the new officersand. inspection of the company willtake palce at Cynthiana in the latterpart of the month.OLD RELICS AT RED CROSS SALEAmong the valuable old relics which1 are on exhibition by the LexingtonChapter of the Red Cross Societyj which is conducting a sale this weekis a letter from Joel T. Hart, the famous sculptor, to his brother JohnHart, at North Middletown, in thiscounty.The letter, which is dated July 15.il849, speaks graphically of the scourgeof cholera, which swept over CentralKentucky at that time, the "greatsculptor outlining preventive and curative inejaares then being advocated.! The letter was presented by a greatniece of Joel T. Hart, Mrs. S. Ri Cohen, of Lexington,j Mrs. Cohen was the successful contestant for the prize sonnet to "Kingj Solomon, of Kentucky," the hero ofJames "Lane Allen's famous story,j which was offered upon the occasionof the unveiling of the stone to thememory of King Solomon, in the Lexington Cemetery by the women of Lexington.The frame dwelling on the north sider f ".Midway, occupied by B. F. Mitchell,ay a grocery, was burned early Saturday. I The blaze was nbt discovered until daylight, when only a few cans andsome rubbish were left of the $2,500stock.! The orgin of the fire is unknown.I Mi. Mitchell had $500 insurance. Thebuilding was owned by Mrs. R. M.Foyle, who carried no insurance. It isrepc: ted that she will rebuild.The checks for the local employes ofthe Louisville & Nashville were distributed Saturday, and the local bankers were kept busy cashing them. Thelocal merchants knew it was the railroad pay-day by the constant ringing offtheir cash registers. The pay-roll ofthe L. & N. is a valuable asset forFaris merchants, as the employesspend the larger part of their earningshere. Several thousand dollars are distributed here by the L. & N. semimonthly.iiSATURDAYBatrle Williams inArsene Lupin"Paul Potter's sensationalmystery. Also two BigV comedies.MONDAYPaul Frederick in"Nannette ofthe Wilds"Produced by FamousPlayers. Also P i c 1 0graphs and Funny Cartoons.!TUESDAYMiss Christine MayoIn Person"The Vampire Woman"Miss Mayo will appear at each showafternoon and evening when a featurestarring her will also be shown.Robert "Warwick in "Heart of a Hero,"World feature. Charles Richman andDorothy Kelly in"The Swamp Adder"!Uh episode of "The Secret Kingdom.'Hours-Alamo, 3 to 5:30; Paris Grand,7 to 10:30, Admission 5 and iOc.TOBACCO COTTONAll grades, at Harry Simon's(2inar-tf)THE HERALD ISSUESA MONSTER EDITION.Fire, wind and lightninginsurance.Thomas, Woodford & BryanOFF TO THE WAR.'One of the biggest feats that hasever been attempted in the history of.journalism in Central Kentucky waspulled off by the Lexington Herald inissuing a housewarming and EasternKentucky progress edition. The paperis so big that reviewing it is utterlyout of the question. It comprisesmany pages treating of many phases ofKentucky progress and was a decidedfeather in Editor Desha Breckinride'scap.FRESH EVERY DAY.For ladyflngers, macaroons, cocoanutmacaroons and almond macaroons callWilmoth & Co.VERY PATRIOTIC!MORE FLAGS!If the number of flags floating to thebreeze and suspended from fasteningsIn various and divers ways and placescan be taken as an indication of patriotism, Paris people ore certainly inline.In addition to the big flags that havebeen placed in position on the courthouse, .he City Hall, and other publicplaces, big flags have been raised onthe K. of P building, the Masonic Temple, the Power Grocery Co. and a number of other places.One of the biggest Hags ever raisedin this city was throv-n to the breezeFriday from a big flagstaff near theLouisville & Nashville round-house, inthe South Paris yeards. The flag,which is 20x30 feet, was raised amiia demonstration of patriotism by thehundreds of employes in the yards, ac--companicdby a salute from the whisties of the engines in the yard andfrom the round-house. The flag wa3purchased by the voluntary contributions of the employes in the mechanical department of the road.A big flag was also raised in thegrass plot at the L. & N. Tenth streetpassenger station by the clerical forcesand one will soon float from the topo the Third street freight station ofthe Ll Sc. N. to be dedicated with appropriate ceremonies. Long may theywave!Some one started the fad of wearinga small American flag pasted on men'scollars, and from a small beginning thefad has assumed large projportionsEditor James Allen, of the CynthianaDemocrat, makes the following comment on the fad, with a few remarksof his own:"The gink who wears an Americanflag pasted on a dirty collar is a bravepatriot, but we shall never be thoroughly happy until we meet a lad withthe Stars and 'Stripes painted on hisAdam's apple, so that every time heswallows the flag will flutter."Rtcruiting has been going on at alUe.'y rate at the army recruiting station in Lexington this week: ThreeParis boys enlisted in the infantry service Tuesday H. H. Masterson, C. C.Kimball and Allie King Kindall. Mr.Mr. Landrum Payne, son of Postmaster.i. Walter Payne, has made applicationfor admission to the army aviationcorps.Recent recruits from Bourbon countyreceived in the Navy service are Geo.M. Jones, 18, and Wallace M. Bowles,18, both of Millersburg, who were accepted and sent to the training stationat Norfolk, Va., Tuesday night.Among the recruits who enlisted atthe Naval recruiting station Wednesday, at Lexington, were John M. Durbin, 22, of Cynthiana, and Cornelius(Buddy) James, 17, of Paris.Kimball Organstojd on terms to suit you. Thirtydajs' free trial.Have some bargains in second-handorgans.One used Piano $195 cash.Latest popular sheet music.BROWN'Slll-pd) Masonic Temple.Master's SaleENLISTMENTS CONTINUE.HOURBON CIRCUIT COURT.Ed. Emerson, PlaintiffVs. Notice of Sale.CLEAN-UP DAYS SETFOR THURSDAY AND FRIDAYEnlistment of young men from thissection of the State in the navy andarmy service continues, and every few Charley JMoore Defendantdays some young man from Paris or "uuuer uuu uy virtue 01 a judgmentand order of sale rendered at theMarch term, 1917, of the Bourbon Circuit Court in the above styled actiontherein pending, the undersigned Master Commissioner onBourbon county is accepted by the US. Recruiting Station at Lexington.I The government forces are growingrapidly, and the young men of thispart of the country are loyally answering their country's call.1 Seven trainloads of recruits passedMaysville, Wednesday, over the C. &.0., bound tor Norfolk, Va., where theywill go on the training ships. The reThe publicity committee of theCivic League and the Bourbon CountyHealth and Welfare League desires toannounce to the citizens of Paris that.'cruits were mostly from Chicago and; f -- 0.cloek a ' in , t ,lhfSaturday, May 5, 1917,at the front door of the Court House,in Faris, Kentucky, at about the hourThursday and Friday of next weekI have been set., apart as "Clean-UpDays."It is urged by the Leagues that our, people make a special effort to observe'these days by cleaning up their yardsand premises thoroughly. All refuseplaced in receptacles in the yards willbe moved free by the city teams.The summer season is close at handwhen absolute cleanliness and gettingrid of the winter's accumulation of'trash and rubbish becomes imperative.! Don't wait for your neighbor to set thepace. Jump in and clean up!the West.EGG MARKET GOOD.Local dealers in eggs and poultrybave been enjoying a spelndid business durine the oast few days. Onepucuon to the highest and best bid-jder, the following described property:The north half of that certain tractof land, situated in Bourbon County,on the Paris & Clintonville Turnpikeand which said tract of land was conveyed by Simon Frazier to Minerva Dil-dealer has shipped several hundred loway, January 3, 1876, deed to whichcases to the Eastern markets lately. is recorded in Bourbon County Clerk'sThe retail .nrice continues in the neigh- ,tflice in Deed Book 6L page 289, theborhood of forty cents per dozen. said north half thereof being 471 feet injiiuyLU, iucaauiui5 iivlu iuc cuxci ulthe pike; 55 feet 2 inches in widthFRUIT SPECIALS.THE LEXINGTON RACES.What promises to be the greatestmeeting ever held at the historic Kentucky Association track at Lexington,will open Saturday, April 28, with allthe fleetest thoroughbreds of two continents on hand to contest for the liberal purses. The meeting is lookedforward to with pleasurable anticipa--tioa.by the many lovers of the thoreCkbred in this section, and Paris andBovrboii county will, as usual furnishtheir full quota every day of the .ten478 meeting.Judging from past efforts in thatlie, the proposal to send a peacearty to the border leads us to fearthe worstDttriac a receat thunderstorm inlAMftford, Pa., ligktiins struck a tele-pfcoae pole three timet.REMOVAL NOTICE.I have removed my dental officefrom their present location in therooms over Canal's barber shop, onMain street, to rooms on the thirlfloor of the Agricultural Bank building, on Main, between Fourth andBroadway, where I will be pleased tohave my customers call.DR. HARRY MATHERS.Sweet" California oranges at 20 centsthe dozen for to-day and to-morrow.Nice lot of grape fruit at the rightprice.(20-l"t) MARGOLEN.FLOURING MILLS SOLD.SCOBEE-BRENT CASE WILLLIKELY BE APPEALED.At Winchester, Tuesday, in theClark Circuit Court, in the case of R.P. Scobee, of Winchester, against Mr.N. Ford Brent, of Paris, which grewout of a grass seei transaction in1911, Circuit Judge Shackleford sustained a demurrer to the plaintiff's petition. About $12,000 is involved. Itis likely that the cage will be taken tothe Court of Apipeals.The old Johnson flouring mill atNewtown, Scott county, one of the oldtime institutions, lately christened thePeoples' Flour Mills, was sold at public auction Monday, Mr. Edward H.Byars, Lexington real estate man,, be-ing-'thepurchaser, at $7,500. The salewas well advertised in THE BOURBON NEWS, which partly accounts forthe goodi price the property brought.CLEAN UPjDAYS.Next Thursday and. Friday, April 26and 27 will be Clean-Up Days forParis. The Health ohd WelfareLeague ur,ge Paris citizens to cleanUp- .their premises thoroughly. Altrubbish ana reruse win De nauiea awiyby the city wagons.on the west end and 41 feet in widthen the east end, the said north half ofsaid property having been conveyed tothe defendant, Charles Moore, September 7, 1911, by Walter Biddle, MaryFuller and Theodore Puller, her husband, by deed recorded in Deed Book99 page 198, Bourbon County Clerk'soflice.Said sale will be made upon thecredit? of six and twelve months, thepurchaser or purchasers being required to execute their two bonds with satip factory surety, for equal .parts of thepurchase price, due six and twelvemonths from date of sale respectively,and bearing interest at the rate of sixper cent from date until paid, saidbonds to have the force" and -effect ofjudgments, with privilege to the purChaser to pay cash and avoid .interestPaid sale is made for the purpose ofsatisfying the adjudged liens In favorof plaintiffs, estimated on the date of.sale at $177.00.1 O. T. HINTON,Master Commissioner jBopbon Circuitj Coart. f J ' ' ""M. F. Kenney, Auctioneer!HIGHGRADE HOUSE aSIGN PAINTINGInterior Decorating Hard Wood FinishingWALLMBSMBSSSSSSSSSSSSSSHHBSSXSWPAPERPAINTS WINDOW GLASSEAGLE and DUTCH BOY WHITE LEADSHERWIN-WILLIAMS MIXED PAINTSBERRY BROTHERS and PRATT & LAMBERTCELEBRATED VARNISHES"The Best' Our MottoC. A. DaughertyFifth and Main StreetsParis, KentuckyliPRLHk WmWnM illyUttlKKWmilwSSVfSSm "' ' if1 Iff ' I WBlack Hawk and JanesvilleCorn PlantersMcCormick and BrowivHarrows.HiuGangCor. Fourth and Pleasant St;Agents Buick AutomobilesGoodyear TiresOur Vulcanizing Departmentis equipped with steam vulcanizer and run by an expert.?Steam Heated GarageOPEN DAY AND NIGHTapr20-27-25 may4)''-s'.,V,J7V.Uj?r-V'IS-FRIDAY, APRIL 20, 1917.tTHE'BOURBON NEWS, PARIS, KY. 'hPAGSHVB7yxsWSjs J?jt si, jtzjg, FJr&0&& n?t&FOR THE BEST( NftTMING FLP"SSLSOCIAL AND PERSONAL.RURAL DELIVERY CHANGES.Comings and Goings of OurPeople Here, There andElsewhere.COTTON SEED MEALCotton Seed Meal.C S. BRENT & BRO.(ApriI20-2t)FANCY BAKING DAILY.Fresh ever- day at Wilnioth & Co.'s,ueani puffs, layer cakes and cup cakesI. O. O. F. INITIATION.At a recent meeting of BourbonLodge No. 26, I. O. O. F. ofParis, the'allowing new members received thenitiatory degree: David D. Cline,Horace G. Nelson, Ernest Thompsonnd Henry VanHook.CLEAN UP!Two changes have taken place re-'cently in the rural delivery service ofthe local postoffice, in which Mr. H. C.Whaley, who has for many years serv-Mrs at v Hn n of xt , ea the Patrons Route No. 1, fromIL ast'of frie"asn0 Parir rleanS' "? t 0flice' retires succeed.Mrs. Rudolph Davis, of Paris is a Y AUie Rowiana this ,guest of her mother, Mrs. Mary Howse countyin Carlisle. v ' Mr. Whaley began his service in theMrs. Lutie Becraft, of East-Paris employ of Uncle Sam at a Ume when!is very ill of fever at the Massie Me'- th mails were carried from the local!monal Hospital. , office to the county precincts on horse IMr. and Mrs. D. n. Rpps of rvn. h5.vn,m.nn,,n j. ,!lt, ..-Mrs. Clifton Arnsparger was a ?ult, and sometimes alomst impossibleguest of friends and relatives in Lex- m wmter al in the rainy seasons,ing'on several days this week. Tney were tlien called "star routes"Mr. and Mrs. George C. Thompson to distm&uish them from the regulararrived Wednesday night from a win- service of the department,ter's sojourn in St Petersburg, Fla. In 1865, the news of the assassina-Aire Ptnmn UnM.l . .. - .-f,. p t ""Icv ""u"in ana aaugn- tion or President Abraham Lincoln!lei, or Lrexingtou, arc guests of hpr wco Knii.f , rx u.. m. Tm..,..-S stPr Mrcs RQcQJ nt ." ""- &". w mB u? iu . w naiey,-f "woio vujLio-, utrur i-arisMrs. George Rassenfoss, of Mt,Sterlintr. is a enipsf nf iior ciciar tvt-,., Prank Jacobs, on High street. ' ' C"63161"- Mr. Whaley rode throughj Miss Marguerite Martin, ofCar-'from Winchester to Paris bringing thelisle, is a guest of her sister, Mrs. Mar portentious news to the people of thistin O'Neill, on South Main street. city. He has been connected with theMrs. Samuel Stone, of Louisville, postal service for the past eighteenuuo u.mveu xur a. visil to ner sisterwho had heard of it through the driver of an old-time stage coach in Win-The edict has gone forth all over theState "Clean up!" Next Thursday andi nuiiv, Ainu o aim ti, nave Deen sc: Mrs. uassius M. Clay, at "Auvergne,"'.part for Paris people. Let's get near Paris.usy! Clean up premises! It's sani- Miss Mary Belle Dunnineton. whoyears, about fifteen years having beenspent in the department of rural maildelivery, before the systemwasary. Public health demandsmember the days!it.Re has been teaching in the .Bourbon brou.ghL to its Present high state ofNEW TELEPHONE DIRECTORY.THE NEWS job rooms haveinished and delivered a sixteen-naeetelephone directory for the Lawrenceburg exchange of the Central HomeTelephone Co. The book is neatly, otten up, as others issued from thisoffice have been.county schools, has returned to her emciency and convenience.home near Carlisle.j Mr. and Mrs. Sam Neely and little daughter, who have been iruests ofTaris relatives have returned to theirjust home at Cape Cirdardeau, Mo.D. OF C. MEETING.pital, in Paris, is improving nicely.Mrs. George Howard's art classwill meet at her home on Dun ranavenue each Tuesday and Thursday'afternoon from two to five o'clock.I Miss Ethel Rice, of Paris- has. , taken a position in the Victrola andFine seed sweet ,potatoest Strausben? kodak supplies department of Daugh-and Red Bermudas. The best seed erty Bros.' store, at the corner of MainIrish potatoes and garden seeds of all and Fifth streets.Richard Hawes Chapter Daughtersof the Confeilemov. will linlfl n meet.Mrs. LiUtner Rice, of Pans, who re- ing in the Confederate room in thecently underwent an operation for ap- court house at 2:30 o'clock to-morrow,pendicitis at the Mase Memorial Hos- rsnfrfinv nftomonn ropJ, momi,DrFOR THE GARDENS.is urged to come prepared to assistin sewing for the Confederate room inthe Massie Memorial Hospital, inParis. A large number of articles forthe adornment and for emergency usewill be required, and it is hoped thatall the members will respond, andhelp a worthy cause.kinds at the right prices. Fine onionsets.(20-lt) MARGOLEN.KEEP OUT THE BUGS AND FLIESMr. and Mrs. Gilbert Lytle have returned from their wedding trip, andare now at home to their friends atapartments in Eourbon College building, on Cypress streetMrs. L. C. Redmon, wife of Dr. L24-POUND SACK OF FLOURNOW $2.00 AT RETAIL.When. Madam Paris Housewife sentto her grocer yesterday for a twenty-Big line of screen doors and screenwindows. - Made to fit any size door orwindow. Screen wire by the jard.Our prices are always a little lower,the quality a shade better than therest(20-4t) LAVIN & CONNELL.C. Ledmon, former Bourbonite. who four pound sack of flour, regardlessunderwent a surgical operation at of the brand she was informed that itsurgical operation at Norton Infirmary, would cost her ?2.00 considerablyin Louisville, Sunday, is getting along raore tnan she ha(1 Deen paying for thei.iceiy.Messrs. Lafayette Ardery, Wm. B.Ardery and John F. Davis have returned from a fishing and camping tripton Rockcastle river. They report aI good time and large catches of the'finny tribe.Mrs. Jesse, formerly Miss Marystaple for some time. Furthermore,she learned that the same size sack offlour might cost her in excess ?2.00 bythe time she made another orderFlour on the Paris retail market wasquoted yesterday at $15.00 per barrel.One prominent Paris grocer intimat-of flour would not take another upwardrise very soon. Market reports areto the effect that wheat is soaring inCOURT HOUSE GETTINGON SPRING CLOTHES. Barlow Nelson, of near Paris, is very ed yesterday to THE NEWS that thereA r , i " n r n A "!, ? klT??Z "w 'Line.- was nothing to indicate that Uie priceDaugherty's are at woik this week Jesse now resides near Versailles,painting the Bourbon county court Dr. Elbridge Snapp, of Frankfort,Arnica Tim ;ntA7.mi. o.i avtnrinr o r-a. was in Paris several days this weekboth receiving attention 'from the assisting in invoicing the drug stock, the heavens as far as price is concern-SderTof Uie oaint brush The men etc" of Dr' T' Brooks' in which he ed' and that' dS a nseence' flourwiewers or uie paint brush, rne men m assurae a business interest May 1. will have to get in the air to keep tal work on the dome and the dials oC Mn and Mrs Grover Myall, of companythe big clock have attracted a great Kansas City, Mo., who are en route to ,aeai oi attention trom spectators, ow- New York and Washington, wereing to the great height at which they guests several days this week of Mr.are working, and the dangerous posi- and Mrs. William Myall, at their homeon Main street.I Mrs. D. C. Lisle and daughter, Mis?Mildred Lisle, of near Paris, attendedthe card party given in Lexington byMrs. Graves Sparks, in honor of hertions they work in.FINE WEATHER.STOCK, CROP, ETC.The weather for the Dast few davshas been of the summery kind, warm sister- Miss Edith Champe, of George-nrl nlnnr u-WVi ftin mnMiim. c nA tnr- tOWn.uu wtai, n.iu ciiw? luciuij aaucuuiuin tlie tube close to the 85 degree mark.Several straw hats were in evidenceand light dresses and summer hatsnade their appearance on the streetsaccompanying the fair sex. Thetrees and shrubbery have began toAirs. James Moreland has resigned her position as stenographer withthe law firm of Talbott & Whitley, andis succeeded! byMiss Frances Cluy.daughter of Mrf and Mrs. J. Harry ,Clay, of Paris.Miss Sallie Mansfield, of Danville,Caywood & McClintock shippedSaturday to Cincinnati four loads ofhogs, v.hic-h cost them 13 cents' toIF cents. They also bought in Mt.Sterling yesterday 3 mules for whichthey paid $i80 to $240.take on new life, the buds appearing wb0 came to Paris, Wednesday, to atto grow and expand an inch an hour, tend the wedding of her sister, MissGardeners are busy and summer seems Rachel Mansfield, to Mr. Gilbert Lytle.on the way. Long may she wave, af- remained over for a visit to her sister,or Cni.ii w?nfoT. wo have int Mrs. Thomas Riser.passed through!NEW OFFICES.j Mr. Harry saiosnin, wno accompa-'nied his mother, sisters and brotherhome from Cincinnati, where they hadbeen to attend the funeral and burial7 4. of their father, Mr. Louis Saloshin, reI am now in a new location m rooms J 1 tQ cincInnati.T ?t flr0f- ft! Af1"11 -The Pastors' Aid Society of theBank building, on Mam street, between parig PreaDyterian chujrfh will have anFourth and Broadway, where I will be .lav meetinc at the manse nextVnesdav. Aioril 24. mere win ue auready to receive all callers. My oldquarters over Canal's barber shop onMain street, are closed.DR. HARRY MATHERS.PUPILS TREATED TOMOVIE SHOW TRIP.election of officers, consequently it isearnestly desired that there be a fullattendance of the members.Among Paris visitors in Lexington this week were Miss Nancy Griffith,her guest, Mrs. Kerfoot Griffith, )fKansas City, MoA Miss Laura Steele,. ,T T" J Miss Kate Alexander and Mrs. TolliverMrs. Ada Fishbach, m charge of Youngf who is a guest 0f her mother,twenty-three pupils of the Shawhan rs j' N Hawkins.School, and Miss Margaret Lenihan, in Mn and Mrs. wherritt Howardcharge of twenty pupils from the(rarr have move(i from their farm on theschool near Paris, visited the Alamo ciintonville pike, near Paris, to theTheatre in a body, Wednesday aftei- city, and! have taken looms in thenvn and en mven rne nreseiiLHLiuii uiaiai- uvei tuc iv. x. r . wv...0WV, J-rf m.-TJlore. on Mam street.Mr. Howard hasTVirk Vallr Pawn " fofltiirinir WallfiC"Ke.d and Cleo Ridgely. and the Burton JSfJAHolmes travel pictures, depictingecenes in the Austrian Alps. The pupils enjoyed the afternoon- hugely.Miss Mabel Robbins, County Superin- of prankfort,tendent of Schools, was also a member of the party.ville & Nashville, at this point.Mr. B. C. Caldwell, of Natche-toches, Louisiana, general manager oLthe Slater Fund, ana Mr. . m. mutton,State manager of thefund, were visitors in Paris, Tuesday.This fund was created by a bequest'fiom a wealthy Southern "woman forFIRST !. N.SUNDAY the manual tiaining of negro boys and. EXCURSION TO CINCINNATI girls.j Messrs. E. M. Dickson, Jos. M. HallMr. W. V. Shaw, local agent of the and James M. O'Brien attended theLouisville & Nashville road, authorizes funeral and burial of Mr. Oscar Car-the announcement of the first Sunday rick, in Georgetown. Mr. Carrie wajpopular-priced excursion to CincinnaU. -f-Sfg. SSTwhich will be next Sunday, April 22. gcott y. audience at Newtown.The special train will leave Paris at fr 3 was one of the pall-bear-8:20Sunday morning from the Tenth erg at q funeral,street passenger station in Paris, and Mr a Mrs. Richard H. Willis enwill arrive in Cincinnati at the Fourth tiiri&in a number of their friendsStreet Station in Cincinnati at 7:30 p. jt Sunday at their home on Cypressm. The fare for the round trip will be street, it being Mr. Wills' birthday anniversary. An elegant amner wa3L'g0.Those present were: Mr. andnt- in u v. flt-ct nnnnrtiinltv the served,1UU WIU NC IUC UlOl. .- J T..J.. . XTI. 1ITMJ1nfnnrnpeople of Paris have nad to visit the JuS"Queea City and take in its various at- w R Bllig Misg, Mary mlMt oftractions for the day. J I wilLbe a good Fari'g; Mn and Mrs. Edward T. Willis'Vacatk' to gt away from the every- and g0Ilf Mi8S Lura Jones, Mrs. Emmaday -strife and spend the time in an jjCMurtry and Miss Georgia Wills, of-agraU-pi1ianr, the weather, of cynthiaria. .comrse,iKmIttir. " A ' , (Other Personals on tfe 3.)vKodaksVictrolasBicyclesSPAULDINGATHLETICSUPPLIESDaughertyBros.Filth and Maia Sis. Paris, KentuckyFRANK & COMPANYTHlz RELBABLE STOREonnounceThey Are Now Showing TheSeason's Best StylesSUITSDRESSESINCOATSSWEATERSNEWESTSilks, Dress Goods,Wash Goods of All KindsTrimmings To MatchWAISTSSKIRTSvALL ARE REASONABLY PRICEDWe Cordially Invite Your InspectionPictorial Review PatternsFRANK & COMPANYSPRING GOODSHave Been Arriving Daily InLarge QuantitiesVIN WALL DECORATIONSwe are showing the most beautiful patterns that it hasever been our privilege to show, and we are offering themat remarkably low prices. Especially is this true whenthe many advances in price are taken into consideration.OUR RUGSwould add much to the beauty of your home. You willfind our patterns and prices right in every respect andwe would be glad to have you investigate.Mahogany and Oak Dining SuitsIn William and Mary designs in mahogany and oak arebeing shown in profusion. Don't your borne need one?LACE CURTAINSWe have just received many new patterns that we thinkwill please you very much.THEJ.T.HINTONCO.MOTOR HEARSE-MOTOR INVALID COACH66EITHCRPHONC" 36SIXTH AND MAIN STS.sVJsK115 -1M&IIUNDERTAKINGy1s, tl-THE BOURBON NEWS, PARISKY.VJL:FRIDAY, APRIL 3f. 1917-Iv-NII1Selected Nursery Stock.I am local representative of the National Nurseries of Rochester, N. Y.JL fine assortment of flowering shrubs,and general nursery stock to seleccfrom. Now is the time to make yourselection. Stock and prices guararteed. (io-tf) miss julia McCarthyMaster's SaleBOURBON CIRCUIT COURT.City of Paris Plaintiff' Vs. Notice of Sale.William Freeman DefendantUnder and by virtue of a judgmentand order of sale rendered at theMarch term, 1917, of the Bourbon Circuit Court, in the above styled actiontherein pending, the undersigned Master Commissioner, onSaturday, April 21, 1917,at the front door of the Court House.In Paris, Kentucky, at about the hourof 11 o'clock a. m., will sell at public auction to the highest and bestWdder, the following described property: A certain house and lot of groundeituated in the City of Paris, BourbonCounty, Kentucky, being on the northeast corner of Higgins Avenue andLilleston Avenue, in the said city;lots fronts 50 feet on Lilleston Avenueand extends back the same width asin front, with Higgins Avenue 150feet, and is the same property conveyed to W. B. Freeman by LinnieFreeman, by deed of record in thethe Bourbon County Clerk's office.Deed Book 91, page Gl.Said sale will be made upon the credits of six and twelve months, the purchaser or purchasers being requiredto execute two bonds for equal partsof the purchase money, due six anltwelve months from date of sale respectively, and bearing interest at therate of six per cent from date of saleuntil paid, and having the force anOeffect of judgments, with good surety,to be approved by said Commissioner.The purchaser or purchasers will havethe privilege of .paying cash and stopping the interest at any time.Said sale is made for the purpose ofsatisfying the lien indebtedness of theCity of Paris for the sum of $7.42, atsix per cent interest from November1, 1914, and the sum of $7.42 with interest from November 1, 1915, andtheir costs, subject to credit of $5.01paid Feb. 20, 1916, and for the furtherpurpose of satisfying the lien indebtedness in favor of the Bourbon Building & Loan Association in the sum of$166.50 with interest thereon at sixper cent from the 15th day of April,1916, and the further sum of $12.25with interest thereon from March 17.1917, and their costs herein expended,and for the further purpose of satisfying the lien of indebtedness in favorof J. H. Woodford and others in thesum of $142.09, with six per cent interest from June 20, 1916, until paid,and their costs, the above liens beingset out in the order of their priority.The total amount of the liens, interestand costs is estimated as of date ofsale at $420.00.O. T. HINTON,Master Commissioner Bourbon CircuitCourt vM. F. Kenney, Autctioneer.(aprl5-12-19)Master's Sale!BOURBON CIRCUIT COURT.Samuel Taylor, Etc., PlaintiffsVs. Notice of Sale.Lucinda Turney, Etc., DefendantsUnder and by virtue of a judgmentand order of sale rendered at theMarch, 1917 term of the Bourbon Circuit Court in the above styled actiontherein pending, the undersigned Master Commissioner, onSaturday, May 5, 1917,at the front door of the Court Housein Paris, Kentucky, about the hour of11 o'clock, a. m., will sell at public auction to the highest and best bidder,the following described property:That certain house and lot of groundsituated on the southeast corner ofNinth and Pleasant Streets, in Millersburg, Bourbon County, Kentucky,immediately in the rear of the FemaleCollege building, bounded on the westby Pleasant Street and running east"between Ninth street and the propertyof Jane Reed to East Back street, being the same property conveyed toCharles Turney by J. R. Best &c, bydeed of date February 12, 1898, of record in the office of the Clerk of theBourbon County Court, in Deed BookSO, page 326.Said sale will be made upon thecredits of six and twelve months, thepurchaser or purchasers being requir- ed to execute their two bonds for equalparts of the purchase money, with satisfactory surety, due six and twelvsmonths from date of sale respectively,and bearing interest at the rate tof sixper cent per annum from date ofale until paid, said bonds to have"the force and effect of judgments.Said sale is made for the purpose ofdivision among the parties in interestC O. T. HINTON,Master Commissioner Bourbon Circuit, Court ...r (aprill3-2Q-27-my3).SPRING.Spring is looked upon, by many asthe most delightful season of the year,but this cannot be said of the rheu- skirt, German, Hindu nor Volapukskimatic. The cold and damp weather but a plain query in plain American,brings on rheumatic pains which are if you take the trouble to supply theanything but pleasant They canba space between the words. THE NEWSrelieved, however, by applying Cham- recently received a copy of the magaberlain's Liniment. Obtainable every- zine section of the Los Angeles, Cali.,wnere.(april-adv).Seed Corn.Limited amount of Johnson Countywhite seed corn for sale.C. ALEXANDER.E. T. Phone 135.(17,3t)Hemp Seed For Sale.Good cultivated hemp Seed for sale,Call or writeSTANHOPE WIEDEMANN,,(10-tf) Route 8, Paris, Ky.Wanted.One hundred barrels of cornCallI. D. THOMPSON,Cumb. Phone 62S,(10-tf) Paris, Ky.For SaleOne set of dining room furniture, Lifirst-class condition. Call HomePhone 96, Paris.For Rent.Nice ground floor room in residenceEnEST'i 'S'ft 3X,2X:office. Only desirable roomer wantedGas, bath, etc. Call this office.LOST.A silver horseshoe pin, "somewhereIn Paris." Finder will be rewarded byreturning same to this office.(6-tf.For Rent.Nice cottage on Winchester street,just across L. & N. tracks. Conven-lently located.FIRST NATIONAL BANK.(3-tf)electricFor Rent.Three nice -rooms, withlights and gas. Call at115 DUNCAN AVENUE.(3-tf)FOR RENT.Three unfurnished rooms at No. 733Walker avenue. Hot and cold watera'nd other conveniences. Call HomePhone 339.(jan30-tf)Notice To the Public!, I will pay this season the nighesiprices that have ever been known inParis for"llorse hides, beefheop pelts and furs.hIde8'Lirad p2f rwinSprice for Rags and Paper.after it any place in the city. Callby Cumberland phone 374. Office onEighth Street(20-octrlyr) MAX MUNICH.Let Me Do TheHousecleaning !With the aid of the Simplex VacuumCleaner, spring house- cleaning is apleasure rather than a drudge. Iclean Rugs, Druggets, etc., at 50 centsup; Carpets, Mattresses, Couches, etc.,satisfactorily done. Phone me at ParisRealty Co., Cumb. Phone. 433.(13-4t) GENTRY.FOR SALE!Grocery Fixtures, Etc.I am closing out my grocery stockfast, and desire to sell the followingfixtures, etc, at once. Bring the cashand get these standard articles at abargain:1 Floor Case;1 Toledo Scoop Scale;2 Counter Show Cases;1 National Cash Register;1 Cellar Oil Tank;1 Dayton Meat Cutter;1 Fairbanks Floor Scales, 600 poundscapacity.1 Display Bin;1 Oyster Display Case;2 Leer System Registers;1 Counter;1 Chewing Gum Case;1 Paper Cutter, 24 and 15 finches,combination ;Lot of Candy Dishes;2 Molasses Pumps. .All the above may be seen at mystor.13-tf)"WHOISSHE?DOESANYBODYKNOW?The above is neither Hebrew. San-Times, with the subjoined extractmarked and further indicated by arubber stamped signature of "It. S.uanson, 1252 West 3?th St., LosAngeles, Cali." The article appears a3follows, under the head of "The Human Elevator:""There are two eternal Saphos thsone of Athens, Ga., and the other ofParis, Ky., and each makes a very moving picture. Possibly Pauline makesthe most demonstrative Sapho thatever gnawed a man's lip. For twoweeks she turned 'em away from oneof our largest cinema theatres. It justseemed that the women couldn't cetenough of it,, and he men, too, behav-ed as if they liked it.! "This Paris Sapho was quite an alluring skirt. She'd count the day lostwhos2 low, descending sun found not.some Reuben from his virtue won.I Why is it that the Saphos and Camilles are so fascinating to the stage?People will fight to see a siren wherethey would run away from a subscription list to buy crutches for cripples. "Some of our swellest stars havenow undying fame by being soullessrabbils on the stage. This Sapho person of Paris is always- billed heavilvin thoact in which she is carried upthree flights of stairs by a massiveyoun& gent who forgets to come away.He p'eks her up in his arms as if shewere sack of prunes and at everyflight the lady of the sketch wrigglesher bare toes as if she was tickledmost to death. Sapho could run up thestairs two steps at a time but thigderous person has to furnish transpor-tation in order to show how a dinkylittle doll can throw the hooks into afull-fared giant"As played by Pauline, this ParisianSapho is some heart-buster. Everylittle while she finds a new man tolove and for the time being she loveshim most to death. She wants to, browse on his visage every minutesand you can almost hear the cameraclick off the kisses. Then somethinghappens and she flits onto another. After while some of her ex-lovers willgpt together and make the discoverythat she Is fickle. Finally, the massiveyoung guy from the rural districts" isshocked to find that his flame has beenI stringing him and is really a lady with'a feverish past So he takes his owndinky little past with him and goes,back to the country to marry his oldj sweetheartj "In elevating the stage in this pinthey left out the elevator.mat is wny .Jean nas to carrySapho up three flights of stairs."COUNTRY NEEDS BIGCORN CROP THIS YEAR.There ought to be a big crop of cornproduced this year. The present andprospective shortage of the winterPmin pmn mni-pu n hi- rn r.mn ni.most essential to well-fed' live stockand people next winter. We would notadvise any reader to plunge into cornany more than into any other crop,but we do believe it safe to urge readers to give the corn crop the best posjsible show this year and to endeavorto produce an abundant supply fortheir own needs and at least a littlesurplus for sale if this is at all .prac-tical.I Wn roador climilrl fnrrrnt VinYirmrni.m "? h? - -'it. acmum ya.ya iu piuui it uii pourground. Corn still remains our greatest crop.but we are not as dependenton it as we once were. Land that cannot reasonably be expected to producetwenty-five bushels of corn to the acrehad better go into soy beans.PARIS CHURCH CALtS PASTOR.'A' unanimous call has been issued bythe congregation of the Paris Presbyterian church, to the Rev. John J. Rice,of Nicholasville, to take charge of the'pastorate here. The Paris church hasbeen without a pastor since the resig-nation over a year ago of Dr. B. M.Shive. A new church is in course oferection.The Rev. Mr. Rice is a grandson ofRev. Nathan Rice, who was ipastor ofthe First Presbyterian church of Parisfrom 1841 to 1844. At the close of hispastorate here Rev. Nathan Rice moved to Cincinnati. He was succeededhere by Rev. JoShua A. Green. Hogained a national reputation in hisdebates with Alexander Campbell,founder of the Christian church. Thegrandson is said to be a remarkablyable and eloquent divine, a worthydescendant of his illustrious grandparent iStar Points.The supposed "points" of star arenot there at all. A star is round, Hirethe earth or the moon or the sun. Butthe human eye, largely because of itsmode of sending sight Impressions touie brain, sees matters in straightHues, and the haze around a brightness always seems to be pointed. Thebrighter the object the more pointsthere- ?eem to be.iistaGentle Bub ShinesJUDGE'S WIFE ISMUCH IMPROVEDMrs. Tussey of Rowan CountyTells Her Own Experience,GIVES ADVICE TO FRIENDSAlmost everbody :n Rowan countyknows Judge Richmond Tussey, former sheriff of Rowan county, nowjudge of the Rowan county court.Mrs. Hattie Tussey. his charmingwife, is almost equally well known.She recently made a remarkablestatement for publication which willbe read with interest by all Kentuckians. "I think there is no better systembuilder and tonic tliaulhis Tanlac,"said Mrs. Tussey, "And I ought tiknow, too, for 1 have tried nearlyeverything during the past few yeaisand Tanlac is the only medicine lhave found that leally helped me."For a long while I felt run downtired, and half-sick. Not sick enoughto go to bed, but not well enough ioenjoy life ac I should."Many a night I listened to thvclock chiming away the hours, andjust coildn't go to sleep. During thedr-y 1 would get so nervous the leas:little noise made me jump."My appetite fell oif so I was hardly eating anything when I started totake Tanlac. Food sort of sickenedme, and it was a case or forcing myself to eat."I started taking Tanlac because Iheard so many of my friends talkingabout it. And now it has done me somuch good that I am talking about it,too. I feel that when anyone hasbeen helped so much as I have byTanlac. it is onlj riht that I comeout and endorse it."Get Tanlac today 1f you are notfeeling right.Tanlac, the master medicine andreconstructive tonic, is sold exclusively in PARIS by Varden & Son.Other exclusive agents in nearbytowns are as follows:HUTCHISON, Snell & Wood; MILLERSBURG, W. G. Wadell; ELIZABETH, Oscar Smith; CARLISLETrueman & Son; GEORGETOW. ., C.H. Arnold; WINCHESTER, Duty DrugCompany; AUSTERLITZ, B. S. Parrish. (adv.)MAIL TRUCK IN AtASKAXow that the motor truck has penetrated the jungles of Africa, and carried German supplies over the ruggedmountain passes of Roumania, it is notsurprising to learn that the government is employing one in the place ofa dog sled to carry the winter mail inAlaska. Last November, shortly afterthe close of navigation, the first Alaskan mail truck made an experimentaljourney from Nome to a point twentytwo miles distant. As the heavymachine, laden with two tons of ma'lmatter and trailing a sled, also heavily burdened, lumbered off through anunbroken path of snow along thobeach, there were many pessimisticpredictions concerning the fate of themail. But it reached its destinationin safety, and the truck was soonback for another load. And so themail has been carried ever since, despite quicksands and cold.TX7 I discourageyvnenyoujeelconinstd,discouraged,ner.voiis, tired, Worried or despondent it is aure sign you neeaiiui i-awtiivtiuncPILLS; They renew the normal vigor andmake life worth living. BesureandaikfotMott' Nerverine Pill. SJftSgSW0.UAM3 MFG. CO . Pret.. ClerelwMl. OMPILES! PILES! PILES1WILLIAMS' INDIAN PILE OINTMENTWill cure Blind, Bleeding and Itching jeJies.It absorbs the tumors, allays itching1 at once,acts as a poultice, gives instant relief.For sale by all druggists, mail 50c and 81.00.WILLIAMS MFG. CO., Props., Cleveland, OhkOBERDORFER, The Druggist.Mr.FarmerThis is the time of yearto give stock a tonic. Isell the bestSalvetStock and PoultryTonic.W. OD0DS0Nttt'I-l''I''!"I''I''!"!''I''!-'ia'a"I'l"I''IT'I''I''I""I'a'l''I''lMl''i-I'4-'-Sole AgencySTACY - ADAMSSHOES$7o and $7-50Take Advantageand SaveeHARRYI- HH"M"H"H H 1 l"Hl"M"i"I"I"I' ! I ! M"I"I"H-1- V 111I AECURITY;ti n n n n n n ri LCareful AttentionTo Small AccountsWe have uniform treatmentfor all depositors.The man with the small account receives as muck consideration as the man who carriesa large balance.h Only a banker knows howthe small accounts increaseFrom an acorn the great oakgrows.Give us a call and let us explain our account system.Courteous treatment to all.rwt"-Farmers' & Traders' BankF. P. KISBR, President JNO. J. M.CLINTOCK, CasnierWM. GRIMES. Bookkeepr.Sixth and Main Streets Paris, KyWindMfWSfBifflWith every howl, the windtries to loosen the paint from,your home. It drives its wayinto the cracks and crevices.First it dries the exposed woodand then swirls in the torrents of rain. Decay follows the soaking and spreads underthe painted parts.Paint which will prevent this destruction is madeof -Dutch Boy White-Lead mixed with pure linseedoiL Either pure white or tinted any desired color, itoffers a smooth, unbroken surface which neither windnor rain nor sun can crack or scale.Examine your buildings closely and let us know ifthere is need of paint. We canhelp-you.C. A. DAUGHERTYXzPof These PricesMoney.LINVILLEMDutch BoyAnchorWhite-LeadiISgirnlmini! J5WM.SAUER.' V'-a?-t-,7 -." -?-ITfrUlDAY, APRIL 20, 1917.. THE BOURBON IJEWS, PARIS, KY.PAGE SEVENMi1irt9 co Manuk-SUBMARINE FIRES TORPEDOAT AMERICAN DESTROYER.take,"cascarets" if -headachybiliousand constipated.rattensEestFor Liver and Bowls,Breath, Bad Colds, SourStomach.BadGet a 10-cent box.Sick headache, biliousness, coatedtongue, head and nose clogged up with 'a cold always trace this to torpidThe Right Medicine in Many CasesDoes Better than the Surgeon'sKnife Tribute to Lydia E. Pinkham's Vegetable Compound.NEW YORK, -April 17. A Germansubmarine to-day fired on the destrovorI Smith about 100 miles south of Newi yorK.The presence of enemy submersibles in American waters indicated thatthe threatened German snhmarin..blockade of American. Atlantic portslas begun.I First information of the encounterihoUvrnthV11 !n a liVer; delayed' fermenting food in thelounaauout way from the Boston navy wieiic nr o - i -yard which picked up the Smith's re M80noi,q i;f 7, stom1a?1 .port saying she had been fired upon . P?lsono.us ma"er clogged m the m-l.y a German U-boat. testmes, instead of being cast out ofj The Navy Department, after com- the svstem is re-absorbed into theununication with Ire Island, Boston, blood. When this poison reaches the(New York and some other points on delicate brain tissue it causes conges-J the Atlantic coast, announced thai; the tion and that dull, thobbing, sickeningreport of the Smith's encounter had headache.been substantiated by official investigation.Whether the presenceDoctor Said Operation or Death But Medicine Cured.Des Moines, Iowa. "My husband says I -wouldhave been hi my grave today had it not been forLydia E. Pinkham's Vegetable (impound. I suffered from a serious female trouble and the doctorssaid I could not live one year without an operation.My husband objected to the operation and had metry Lydia E. Pmkhani's Vegetable Compound. Isoon commenced to get better and am now welland able to do my own housework. I can recommend Lydia E. Pinkham's Vegetable Compound toany woman as a wonderful health restorer." Mrs.Blanche Jetfekson,703 Lyon St., Des Moines,Iowa.Another Operation Avoided.Richmond, lnd. "For two years I was so sick and weak from i3emale troubles that wnen going up srairs l naa to go very siowiy-with my hands on the steps, then sit down at the top to rest. Thedoctor said he thought I should have an operation, and my friendsbought I would not live to move into our new house. My daughterssked me to try Lydia E. Pinkham's Vegetable Compound as she hadiiaken it with good results. I did so, my weakness disappeared, Igained in strength, moved into our new home, do all kinds of gardenirork, and raised hundreds of chickens and ducks. I cannot sayenough in praise of Lydia E. Pinkham's Vegetable Compound." Airs.H. 0. JonNSTON, Route D, Box 100, Richmond, lnd.Of course there are many serious cases that only asurgical operation will relieve. We freely acknowledgethis, but the above letters, and many others like them,amply prove that many operations are recommended whenmedicine in many cases is all that is needed.If you want special advice write to Lydia 13. Pinkliam Medicine Co. (confidential) Lynn, Mass. Your letter will he opened,read and answered by a woman and held in strict confidenceof the German submarine merely foreshadows a! sporadic raid such as the TJ-53 conductrd off the New England coast ornhether it is the signal for the beginning of a general submarine blockade 'Cascarets immediately cleanse thestomach, remove the sour, undigestedfood and foul gases, take the excessbile from the liver and carry out allthe constipated waste matter and poisons in the bowels.A Cascaret to-night will surelypl tne Atlantic coast is not knownj straignten you out by morning. TheyThe attack by the U-boat is Ger- work while ou sleep a 10-cent boxraanys nrst recognition of the state flom your druggist means your heaJclear, stomach sweet and your liverHOW U. S. CAN(adv)AID THE ALLIES'.of war declared by the United StateIf wn! stntorl in fiprmnnv nnnn offer- -the action of Congress that no aggres- and b0WeIs regular for monthssive steps would be taken against theUnited States.Practically no American officials believed this statement, however, andBicPa .u mCCu afa61COOuC 'j LONDON, April 19. Admiral Sirere at once taken .The probability John R j U f commander ofcf submarine attacks on unprotected fll rj-stioi. , i aL. """' useaboard cities and towns, raids on tc?e tish grand ?eet and now Frstshipping within sight of American Sea d, informed, an American coi--chnrPQnnri a snhmnrino hlnnlcndn nf respondent during the course of an m-the principal Atlantic ports with the temew Monday that anything andpurpose of terrorizing shipping and everything in the way of small cra,people were expected from destryers to tugs, would be theTnef wanr i omC fo Wnchinrr. most useful contribution that the Unit-ijcioi, iin. iiviu v,uiui i,w tiuuuwte.Ion in a rounabout way that Germanywas about to declare a prohibited submarine zone about the harbors at Boston, New York and Delaware CapesChesapeake Bay, Charleston and Saannah. This would have included allthe important ports on the Atlantisseaboard. Itvas said then that anefneial warning to neutrals of the prohibited zone would be issued from Berlin.cd States could make to the waragainst German submarines.In this connection the First SeaLord asserted that the best huntingground for raiders is on this side ofthe water, as the possibility of Germansubmarines operating on the Americancoast is almost negligible unless theyhave a base on that side.INSOMNIA.Automobile Hearse or Ambulance!I desire to announce to our friends that I can, wheredesired, furnish an automobile hearse or ambulance. Thismethod of transpertation is especially desired on long trips,the same being made in better time, and at no advance incost over the horse-drawn conveyance.GEO. W- DAVIS, Funeral Director.Some American officials were disin. iinpi tn orPfiit. the renort. but the I Indigestion nearly always disturbsEntente diplomatic corps here believ- the sleep more or less, and is often theed in it and predicted that Germany cause of insomnia. Eat a light supperwould soon rarry the submarine cam- witn little if any meat and n0 muk.paign to th's side of the Atlantic, also take one of chamberlain's Tabletsprincipally iui lu h ut ""."' immediately after supper, and see ifneutral snipping away irom Amunuciu . - -- - ., .harbors and to rid the great squad- 3 do not rest much better. Obtainnf merchant siins which are "ui oveiywuae.ronsI T" I" "1" I "I" "t "I "I "t" "II' I I I"I" 1 I "I" I" "I "I" I I "I "X" Z"I I" r 1" r "I" I "1" "I "1" I I" I" "I "1" "I I" "I" "I" "I" "1" 11" "JWolf, Wile &tCo. 1Lexington, KentuckySmart CurtainsFor Limited Incomes.In your search for novel and decorative effectsfor Doonand Window Curtains, Overhangings andFurniture Coverings, do not overlook our large andattractive display in our Drapery Department.CretonnesContinued for one weekspecially priced Cretonnesat19c 29c and 39c a Yard.New designs and splendidvalues. Take a look atthese and convince yourselfhow economically you canadd to the decoration ofyour home.MarquisettesThis week's special 40inch Marquisettes, sheer,soft finish and durablequality, splendidly mercerized, colors white, creamand brown.Special Price21c a YardStmoving food supplies to America's allies mi the European battle front.(april-adv)BAD COUGH? FEVERISH? GRIPPY?'TERRIFIC BATTLE OF STALLIONS.You need Dr. King's New Discoveryto stop thatcold, the soothing balsamingredients heal the irritated membranes, soothe the sore throat, the antiseptic qualities kill the germ andtrnnr. nrkiri !q rminltlv relieved. Dr.ir- , xt r-T i,oo fT. as voire docks at Bashford Manor.King's New Discovery has for 48 years .been the standard remedy for coughsand rnirls in thousands of homes. GetIn a sanguinary battle at BashfordManor stud in Jeffereson county, FreeLance, winner of the Latonia Derby in1912, was killed by Ralph, another stallion, owned by George J. Long. Thetwo stallions occpuied adjoining padSome oneleft the gate leading to Ralph's .paddock open and Free Lance wandered, , 14. i ,i,, , in. RalDh at once chargeda bottle to-ciay anu iiuvt: n. uauuj ,-, , , , .J;t .t.. - MA..i,B irfe him. Round and round theyour meuiuiue uuuai iui v-uubr ,..,croup, grippe and all bronchial affections. At your druggist, 50c.(april-adv)PRESIDENT ISSUES WARNINGto meetpaddockthey fought like wild horses. FreeLance was so badly injured that hesoon died. Ralph is expected to recover. Mr. Long valued Free Lance at?35,000.WASHINGTON, April 17. All persons in the United States, citizens anlaliens, are -warned in a proclamation,fesuerl Monday by President Wilson,that treasonable acts or attempts toshield those committing such acts will (le vigorously prosecuted by the Gov-ernmentThe proclamation defines treason, citing statutes," provisions of the constitution and decisions of the Courts, anddeclares the acts described will be rer-nrrlpd as treasonable whetherSPRAINS AND STRAINS RELIEVEDRIBBON EDGED SCRIM36 Inches, White and Cream, at13 l-2c a YardSilks For Lamp Shadesand CurtainsOne of the most attractivesilks shown to-day is Amazon in reproduction of Indian hand block painting.Colors are unusually richand lend themselves toLiving, Dining and Drawing Rooms.Let Us Give You an Estimate on Your Furniture Covering.Slip covers protect the furniture from the glare anddust of Spring and Summer.A comprehensive and suitable line of art and plainticking, linens and cretonnes always in stock touse for furniture covers.t4I4-Orinoka Guaranteed Sunfast Draperies andUpholsteries. Let Us Show Them to You.Spring house cleaning means cleaning inside and out Dull pimply skinis an aftermath of winter inactivity.Flush your intestines with a mildlaxative and clean out the accumulated waste, easy to take, they do notgripe. Dr. King's New Life Pills willr clear your conplexion and brighten(LljfUUl CJC. 11J UL. xuuga 1NUW lulLKiJ 'pills to-night and throw off the slug-fc gish winter shell. At druggists, 25o.Wolf, Wile e Co.Lexington, Kentucky.mitted within the borders of the United States or elsewhere.Far-reaching importance attaches tothe direction of the warning of aliensmid the declaration that "resident allens, a, well as citizens, owe allegiancetc the United States," and thereforepre equally subject to the laws againsttieason and like crimes.At war, the United States is in avery different position from a neutral.Bomb plotters now may be grippedwith an iron hand. Not only are conspirators themselves subject to heavypenalties, but any one, even a Germanlesident, who has knowledge of treaQon acts and fails to make known thefacts to the authorities, may be sentto prison for seven years, and fined$1,000 for misprision of treason.STOP LEFT OVER COUGHS.Dr. Bell's Pine-Tar-Honey will stopthat hacking cough that lingers fromJanuary. The soothing pine balsamloosens the phlegm, heals the irritatedmembrane, the glycerine relieves thetender tissues. Don't neglect a lingering cough, it is dangerous. Dr. Bell'sPine-Tar-Honey is antiseptic and pleasant to take, benefits young and old,get it at your druggist to-day. Formulaon the bottle. 25c(april-adv)Sloan's Liniment quickly takes thepain out of strains, sprains, bruisesnd all muscle soreness. A clean, cleariquid easily applied, it quickly pene-rates without rubbing. Sloan's Lininent does not skin or clog the poresike mussy plasters or ointment3.)r chronic rheumatic aches and pains.neuralgia, gout and lumbago have thisconv .well-known remedy handy. For thepains of grippe and following strenuous work, it gives quick relief. At alldruggists, 25c.(april-adv)The value of green foods lies in tlisfact that they are appetizers and regulators.You Don't Have toStoopIf You Use aGarlandCabinetRangetheHer Oww Handiwork.Wife (angrily) I think you'remeanest man that ever was.Hub That's hard on yourself, mydear. According to your mother, youhave been the making of me. BostonTranscriptCLEAR YOUR SKIN IN SPRING.I IA beautiful line of Garlands on dlsplay. Come In and look them over.Paris Gas & Electric Co.OPPORTUNITY!Mr. R. F. Clendenin, Associate General Agent forthe Northwestern Mutual Life Insurance Company, inone day recently, sold $100,000 worth of life insuranceover local and long distance lines of the Home TelephoneCompany and because of such an amount of businessaccumulated in one day, he divides the honors with usfor the efficient telephone service rendered. This is asplendid record for both Telephone and Insurance 'Companies. Mr. Clendenin says; "The service I get from your'Company is all that I could ask, and on the closing dayof my campaign I used it with wonderful success.' 'Such an opportunity in facilitating business shouldbe grasped by the public in general in employing co-operation,-efficiency and confidence.Paris Home Telephone 8' Telegraph Go.(Incorporated)J. J. VEATCH, District Manager.W. H. CANNON, THOMAS K. UM1TH.Equipment Manager. Cashier.EFFICIENCYIN CLOTHING FOR MEN!CnjijnrM 1917the IIuuj of LuppcnhtilnfgWe Are Agents For TheHouse of KuppenheimerSuits and OvercoatsFor Men and Young Men. Now, more than at any othertime, you should buy merchandise that can be dependedon. For this reason we heartily recommend clothes ofthis make and we also GUARANTEE fit style and service. You can buy them here for$20.00 $22.50 $25.00TWIN BROS.Clothing and Shoe Dept. L. WollsUin, PropWe Give and Redeem Blue Trading Stamps.Bourbon LaundryDWIS & FUNK, Props.Telephone No. 4. West 5 StreetSatisfactionWitchwordis OarWith all the latest improvements in laundryappliances 'and experthelpers we are preparedto do work inferior tonone, and solicit yourpatronage.Bourbon Laundry,Paris KentMoky..4!4'uVi-tfttfl 1 I Iffftf IIIMMIMI riTTTTTTTITI VWV I I I I I'll I f(april-adv)i. (Incorporated)-. -s.-ftlifi- Vi..Jr"V,4V-tf'7 r isjrJt4P1pjtjT"'s! -t y--4tSi:i:i,';ff,110wv.Hr';MILLERSBURG-Miss Lillie Letton is among sick.Tvr t n. Aiian nfi ivife piorShanks remain very much the same,Mrs. Bailes DeBelle. who has beenwith her daughter, Mrs. Mabel Court-ney, since last Friday, who is amongthe sick, returned to her home at Ew-ing, luesaay."'tT r " f r r r f fnatut i nS!" Hon Smthp thr.St corned? drama full of wit anl. if .m h wwh n,o nr,o nfDon't forget "Prof. Pepp at theiiimnr it win ho wnrth tiip nnce ot" -admission, 25c and ooc.Messrs. Wallace Bowles and G. MJones went to Cincinnati, Monday, toenlist in the Navy. They were accept-ed and were assigned to hospital boatwork at Newport, R. I. .trTdPfPfprigthe M1 MlSmontS indicative of loyalty as a big one. ti active daughter of Mr. and Mrs. Vic- destroy all unsanitary conditions exist-home -rounds Tu-eday' a'fternon by ? There is another common error in tor Ross, of near Cynthiana, and the ing in our country. It would be a' score of 11 to 2. The M. M. I. were the display of the flag by private citi- groom is a prosperous young farmer, good thing if town government would" outclassed. A return game will be zens. Once -placed in position, it is the son of Mr. and Mrs. D. R. Johnson, adopt this same hobby. We wouldplayed at Georgetown between the frequently permitted to hang or float On their return they will reside tem arouse our health officers. They, poor, teams at an early date. from its g DOth day and night, porarily with the groom's parents. men, have struggled against such greatNo clue to the identity pf the par- Nqw although g heart of Francis McDANIEL CARRINGTON. odds for so long that they have almostties who placed the dead body of an cheered b occasionai . At a thimble party given in Mil- given up the fight Abolish rubbish2 ImSvM week has vet glimpses of the nation's standard on a lersburg by Miss Ashby Leer, in honor piles and all other such traps of dis-iTen discovered The authorities are certain night, by the glare of the rock- of her guest, Miss Alma Hopper, of ease and you will find that the sickbtill working on the case. Various ets a,nd the bursting of bombs that was Maysville, a pleasant surprise was list in our town will greatly diminish.theories have been advanced, but none jn battle, when the flag is .never low- spruug upon the assembled guests.,of any practical value in tracing down ere(j Ordinarily the flag is raised at Just before lunch was served, Miss AMERICAN ASSOCIATION OFthe guilty parties. sunrise and lowered at sunset. If the Josephine Leer, the attractive young. tATE HIGHWAY OFFICIALSMiss Aleta Wilson will give a dra- private citizens does not raise his daughter of the hostess, passed cards ,v matic interpretation of 'The Snepnera flag piecisely with the sim ne ought to each guest, bearing the announce-' The American Association of State?nlie ?iUSwoe n? R-iTnVlock or at least to lower it before dark. The ment of the engagement of Miss Kiz- Highway Officials has tendered its serp eveninlo' Monday April 23 The sight of flapping banners in the night zle McDaniel, of Millersburg, to Mr. vices to the Secretary of War. The;i win ho tf-vMi under the direc- does not inspire, but, on the contrary, Charles Carrington, of Ravenna. The Executive Committee of the Associauin. at .-v-.. -.tion of Miss Ethel King, assisted byMiss Caralyn Mclntyre. ;Dr. Harry Mathers has removedhis dental offices from their former lo-cation over Cahal's barber shop, inParis, to rooms on the third floor of,the Agricultural Bank Building, be ttween Fourth and U.Oaawaj, wie-timers and new ones as well. - iuS their jobs, despite the establish- McDaniel, of Cynthiana, Mr. Carring- At the sama meeting, the ExecutiveCUfThe Citizens of the suburb of Mil- rnent of the "merit system" by presi- ton is a worthy anil energetic young Committee decided to hold the 1917lersburg. just north of town, oiled the oential decree. Postmaster General business man in the employ of the meeting of the Association at Richxoad Tuesday and Wednesday, and Burleson has announced that incum- Louisville & Nashville, at Ravenna. monJ, Virginia, December 4 to 7." InTience are free from ,dust. Those who uenU will net be disturbed so long as jnss McDaniel is very papular in vitations for this meeting were receivti re ' enjoying the fruits of this are. tJiey perform their duties satisfa- Millersburg society, and the news of ed from 61ie following cities: Chicago,Judge T. P. Wadell, V L. Barton. K torilj her engagement wiI1 be a pieasant 111.; Grand Rapids, Mich.; Toledo, O.;D. Burroughs, R. U . ilon anu w. u. TWg may disappoint Fome reformer. SU; prise to her many friends there and Buffalo. N. Y.; New York City, N. Y.;( Fr Caldwell in Butler who wanted to- see a radical sweep, elo.swhere. .New Haven, Conn.; Ashbury Park, N.ddition l ' ' with no postmaster retaining his office- J; Washington. D. C; Riclimond, Va.;3 The spirit of the times has struck unless he has passed a drastic test YOUNG MEN ENLISTING' I Norfolk, Va.; Railegh. N. C; PineMillersburg. Flags are seen floating It nuy be expected, however, thatj )N THE u S- NAVY, hurst. Nt,C.; and Jacksonville, Fla.about many of our patriotic liomes and there will be an immediate improve- j tbusiness houses. ine m. m. i. metect an iron flag stan. iuu leei U1"et ten feet in the ground, inau lvnS will" be' anflae raising on theimiind several prominent speakers111 be present, and it will be made apatriotic day in Millersburg. Every-one is looking forward to this event."DEATHS.GLENN.Mrs. Susan Glenn, aged eight-fle,a former resident of Paris, died re-cenUy at her home in Cincinnati, aftera long Hiness, aue to cue """"C3of;ftge.Mrs. Glenn was the widow 01 .ur.John Glenn, who Tor years conducteda carriage shop in he building at Uucorner of Fourth and High streets,nn-w oecuDied by the Dickerson &Douglas Garage. Mr. and Mrs. GJennTesided for several years in a cottagoadjoining the residence of Dr. WashPithian, on Pleasant street. Mr.Glenn died about ten years ago.The body ot Mrs. Glenn was interred in SL Joseph's Catholic Cemetery.-in Cincinnati, besides the body of herhusband, after funeral services heldat SL Edward's Catholic churcn, mCincinnati.;many gardens are started.tj,o hsc hPPn much acitation inrpj and urbon Tufty af well a"niZ ol Se slitT for the? f pL land siace thisplanting of l ido8e7r in rdens beaje ol the probable sHortage ,nnJ" ' ehPa7epie of Paris ana tne p"been responding loyalty to the suggeson, as far as er haJlhave permitted and i .is PaDi:UUbL UICIC "" " "4V' wdone this year than for many yearspast.-The farmers of the county are to baappeafed to to plant more of their landin food stuffs this season so that therewill be no starvation or food riots inthis nation as there have been m.other warring countries."What we can't understand is whythat enormous excess of Austrianprisoners doesn't capture the entireRussian army." ' "GET INTO THE GAME.Carl Vrooman, Assistantr Arir.nltnre. cives theSecretaryfollowingtimely advice:"xcithnnt. iroinz beyond theirdoor-:. -.i r Aprirem wo'men andyarub uiiiixwiiij v. . --niT-on ran render service to tneCOUUreU WU -"Tiition right now as real as tmn. ren- one-int k" wi b 0 tUe my, uuu wuhub lu uu mo -a eA bv the dier on the field ot Paris on the Paris grounds. He was'most to realize such an ambitiont& tni A million gardens planted in drafted by the Chicago White Sox, but.such a type makes the successful navalirrffiP suburbs and country would was sent to the Lincoln, Neb., team officer. Such a man has within hisn.ne ""' of millions Qf pounds of the Western League for more sea- grasp the chance to become the com-,TTf,3Ji t our allies Plant now Get soning. He was blacklisted in prof es- j mander-in-chief of one of the world's?vh! Lp and do your bit to win slonal ball because he refused to pitch greatest fleets,into tne game, j .q league and retUrned j America's future is linked with seaware manv vacant lots in Paris to his home in Louisville. He after-1 p0wer. Our merchant marine mustw -h id and should be cultivated ward played on the Frankfort team. In become a reality, not a vague hope.wnicn. oouiu to add their snare the soason Gf 1916 Monroe found his Our navy must be powerful enoughthis year an Qnal f0Q1 suppiy gait and was the feature of the entire ' to keep the seas open, and our coastsvlf wardening is one of themost league. He was bought by the Mem-jsafe, at all times. The men at Anvacant w. reducing the cost phis team of the Southern League and napolis to-day will be the moving figeffective meinons aoil Yv th N'pw Ynrk Ameri-' urns, in a tew vears. n rarrvinsr ourTHE FLAG.f. (-New Tork Times.)The display of the national colors inthis city is inspiring. Especially inthe quiet residence neighborhoods itriflag of the nation is shown so gener-allv as to leave no doubt of the abun-dant patriotism of the householders.But it is doubtful if the draDinir of a.large flag like a superfluous curtainon tue front of a building is the properw tQ djSpiay our national symbol.,. ;nforon0 ic tun tbp nwnpr nri,s,, i, ,,to,-nn,i oThe inference is that the owner orlessee of the building has obtained aflag too large for his purpose, anu,hpinir unnhle. to accommodate a Dole... . . . . i i t -oeintr unaoie to accommouaie a noielarge enough to hold it, does the bestne can to demonstrate his patrioticardor. Every flag, however, shouldnave itg poe The' two shoui,i De in.,.,. .,...' tllG flae. is on view out. ,. e A OT., flofr . no efrM1ri.- ,! cmni flno- ic n a otrnnfri-eirritates sophisticated patriots.POSTMASTERS ON TRIAL.andNearly all the first, secondHiirrl class nostmastfei-S are Still hold-n)ent noticeable and Uiat more posmasters will attend to their jobs fromnow cn than ever before in the his-tory ol tne departmentA .postmaster will now naturally feelthat he has to "make good" just as Iipwould under a private corporation. IIhe was appointed for merely politicalleasonp he'll probably do his best toforget politics for a while. If he hasbeen letting capable subordinates a?nearly an nis wont ior iwiu-uu one years' sea service, is eligible formany postmasters have been doing one of these vacancies, and the exthat very thing" hell feel a natural i,mjnations are entirely competitive,compulsion to master the job and keep the highest ioo men receiving appoinithose same subordinates from crowd 11)entsincr him out of it Any postmaster who rr.ir, nvon0 vrmcr rvmn i tua wnCT.ig unwiling to take his position sen-cusly? or unable to perform its dutiessatisfactorily, ought to be weeded outwithout compunction, when lieence had a chance under thei egime.ha?newMIRAGES EXPLAINED.The published statement of the expiorer Donald B. McMillan that thnarctic land mass which AdmiralPeary leported and named CrockerLand was but a mirage, has stirrednew interest in this strange phenomenon. which can deceive an experi-ence.l observer into the beliei that hesees plains and mountains nere uier mended by their comraanuing officer,i& nothing but a few clouds. The'an(J an officer zealous of maintaininc;mirage is due to the appearance of ih h fc trodtions of the naval SGr.small objects seen through layers oC!vic6j win give preference to the ablestyir at different temperatures, which ' d hi This nlaces t.hp. hleh-bend the " of light and distort th. est honors of the naval service within& much as the image of a peuC!1 the 'grasp of any young man who -ha,half Emerged in water is distorted. ..mWe fitness to winA typical mirage is often seen in the The regiment of midshipmeil are aidesert, of the Southwest, where it be- ways the personal guard yof the Pres.cQmes qme cool . gun . inauguration The A(jad.brings a sudden change in the morn.'cmy course being for four years, everyig, so that temperature x layers are midshipman participates in one inau-& smg busheg ap Ufe &gpear as great trees, with their doubles a commissioned officer, in many more,below them, as though mirrored in. Midshipmen make three cruisesotill TOator It was a Similar nhenomcHii wntpr it. was a similar Dhenom ', . . . - .- . - . ,,Qtltp ineUOH M11U11 ilia6"llCU. a iwuu " .--look like a continent.F0RMER PARIS PLAYERMAKING GOOD AGAIN.I ine i-aris ineuus vi uie " i",uc''who was a member of the Paris teamin the late lamented Blue GrassLeague several years ago, and who isnow being given a try-out by the New, York Americans, is making good in thepractice games. Monroe recently( pitched a 1 to 0 exhibition gameI w i- ; r I AM 4 . G U "Orl Tnnprtoagamst tne aosion ia.Liuiiu.i icaui,lowing them but a few scattered hits,He is looked upon as one of the mostpromising young recruits of the pres-ent season.- Monroe's first taste of professionalDan was m vj., "c" vI .vinirfnn Q irn incjt1ft10 ili rr r rtffillDi flMATRIMONIAL.VJEFFERSON GIBBINg.marriage- license was grantedATuesday afternoon by County ClerkPearce Paton to Miss Mattie Lee Jef-ferson and Mr. Oscar Gibbins, both ofthis city.ROSS JOHNSON.Miss Loucena Ross and Mr. FrankJohnson, both of Cvnthiana. surnrised"&& iuia uum aim iur. nu.Johnson, both of Cynthiana, surprisedtheir friends Saturday by coming toParis and being united in marriage a',uTie onn noinir iitiuom in morriorro or" " uto .w. """lim .the home of the officiating minister,Rev. Dr. O. R. Mangum, on Sixthstreet. After the ceremony they leftfor a short bridal trip to Eastern.points.Thei ne onue is uie vivacious anu at-wedding will occur in June. tion met with Colonel Winslow, at theMiss McDaniel is the charming War Department, and worked out adaughter of Mr. and Mrs. John Mc- plan by which the Association canDaniel, of Millersburg, formerly of servo the War Department by furnishCynthiana, and has for several years ing engineers, making available roadbeen a teacher in the MillersburgGraded School. She is a sister of Mr.Tnlm 1? ATnTViniol lv m,rl TVT?o0 1To,xiie need for additional officersintne united States Navy is being morekeenly felt, with the commissioning ofevery new dreadnaught. One of tholats acts 0f Congress which ceased toexist 011 March 4, 1917, was to providethat 100 midshipmen at the NavalAacademy, Annapolis, Maryland, wereto be (irawn from the enlisted per-sonnel of the Navy. Every enliste.llt.an un(ier twenty years of ace. withlike the average young man in civilianHfef has not had a high school educa.tion, and tliis fact is inducing highschool bays to enlist in the Navy, asI it is practically certain that any youngj nan with a ground work of two years1 01 more high school training, who rela lly desires to enter Annapolis, cando so.j Naval authorities consider midshipmen with this preliminary trainingafloat of particular value, as theirknowledge of naval affairs give suchoung men a much better grasp of thepossibilities of their future career,than is held by the candidates appoint'ed directly from civil life by Conthe enlisted personnel muat be recom-gressmen. The men appointed from'iltn-inir tVio?- Mivol AnnAdrmr norooieach cruise held during the threesummer months. The itineiary of thesecruises is laid out Germany, Norway,'England, Gibaltar, etc. In 1915 itwas considered inadvisable to send theItiainmg squad in European waters onU,.t of t.h war.and they wereI therefore sent to San Francisco,w w v, u M . w-. w v .. F. - - . . . -through the Manama uanai, to viewthe panama-Pacific Exposition.The standard of living, of discipline of manh0od and of scholasticability, are maintained at a high leve'.rpne pressmg need of officers has not! lowered these standards, as Was re-centiy shown when the usual percent-i'age or tne miusnipmen were "Diigeu(forced to resign) for deficiency in.studies.The young man who has an aptitude for the sea, who wishes to enterthe naval service under the best con-I ; x ...T. Tn 4-1 a a -w. 1 1 4- . 4- wnnnllmiuons, wuu uus lug ammuuu tu tci.ii.Li. j. -1 : ...;il ,1 l,;c lit-NO bACE FOR RUBBISH.jThere is iio-place in a ppetty littla.village such aa ours for rubbish pilesor "dump" piles as they are sometimescalled. They mar the looks of a townmore than one" would imagine until onevisits a strange town and finds thesepiles of rubbish. They are far morenoticeable to us in another town thanin our own here, knowing where theyare and accustomed to passing themevery day, we soon cease to noticethem. Strangers notice them, however,and that it what we don't want. It ismom. ouauSCiS uuue mem, uuand that it what we don't want.true we wish strangers to rem.cur town, but on account of irememberrMir" Town nnr rr nennmr nr uo o-.- m. wtreme neatness, not on account of itsfilth and neglect. "Dump" piles notonly mar the looks of a town but theyrender it unhealthy. If the nationalgovernment can be said to have aiiuuuy us ureseut nuuuy is lumachinery, and co-operating in- theconstruction of roads that will be ofafttom'o vnlno ns miliKorv rnnrlscdiiit ami- m rcro OAVpnH. F. Hillenmeyer, nursery and cropauthority, states that neither fruit norclover had been damaged by the coldof the last few weeks. Bad weatherthat caused clover to be sown late andhas held back truit buds may be cred-ited with having saved both. Thesnow was also a factor in protectingthe clover. While not deep it provideda covering that may have stood be -en'sSpringBoots, Oxfords and Pumps!In white, grey, mahogany brown, black kid and other fashionable shades, as well asthe more conservative styles. Owing to our system of merchandising in advance and in bigquantities, we are now in position to offer to our customers the highest quality and themost stvlish Spring Footwear AT PRICES LESC THAN THE PRESENT WHOLESALEMARKET.Just a Few of the Many Styles and Their Prices:-Ladies' White Kid Most Fash- eionable Boots at q.3 UpLadies' White Cam. Sea Island co QQPolish Boots . qmyyLadies' Rich Brown or Russ. Tan a CktZEnglish or French Heel Boots..". . SwOLadies' Kid Lace Boots andPumps which add grace to your Afoot , 0.49Ladies' Pat. Dull Kid co QQ co AQBoots and Pumps at. . - p.-SJ""Ladies' Pat. and Gun Metal Shoes qqand Slippers at. 1-5J5JBoys7, Misses' and Children's Shoes and Slippers AtONE-HALF THE PRICE YOU PAY ELSEWHEREParis' Greatest Shoetween Kentucky and calamity, inai-much, -'as the mercury dropped Yerylow at tiries.; 'kr. Hillenmeyer takeaB'optimistic-'yiew of wheat proipecta,believing that the damage done by thesevere freeze of February 6 Is not asdisastrous as some have estimatedLet everyone hope that he is correctin his prognosticationAETNAAutomobile Insurance. CompanyFire, Theft, Collision,Liability and Property Damage.ETNA AUTO SERVICEPresenting an Aetna AutoIdentification Card to any agentof the Aetna in any part of thecountry places the agent's services at your disposaj in theevent of your having an accident. The largest company in theUnited States writing auto insurance. A. J. FEE, Agent,Paris, Kj.Conservation ofEye Sightis the Practice ofOptometryBy intelligent methods of eyeexamination, for the purpose offurnishing the right kind ofGlasses when needed.We PracticeOptometry.Call or Phone Us.FRYE & FRANKLINDoctors of OptometryDow Bld., opp. Windsor HoteltpilLargest Selection OfFootwear !All the NewNovelties,The LatestCreations ofWomen's andDAN COHENStoreVtis We Wiflh To Announce ThatOurlBakeryDepartmentWill Be OpenSaturday, April 21We will be able tofurnish you withthe very best ofeverything in ourBakeryD partmentWe vvlli be pleasedto have you call andsee a sure-enoughsanitary bakery.Every day is visitors' day.WILMOTHGrocery Go.Phone 376HflRGOLEN'SSPEG1ALS THIS WEEKHome-KilledMeatsBeef, Pork, Veal, Lamb.Fruits and VegetablesFish Dressed to OrderMflRGOLEN'SChildren'sMen's Russian Tan English -Shoes and Oxfords, W.-O... 54.50 tipMen's Plat. Calf English and Me- .dium Toe Shoes and Oxfords. . . . $H-.UUMen's Gun .Metal and Tan Shoes --.and Oxfords, Walk-Over 3.50Men.s Gun Metal, Button and 0 ttQand Lace, good quality 2.99Men's Tan Lace Oxfords - -vat 2.49Men's Gun Metal High Shoes and -Oxfords1.Q9Where Beauty and Economy Reign, . cans.our national inspirations on .the seasan 10 ir.e i5-- . .';V? - "-' - a; ' - x.-l , i--KrK'&Xk.-J -Wa j&As-. .-vVJfcf"!?r&N V"X",Wt Vtvlnr. As Mr vrooman say a, 5 , -- - -- " - 7.