THE BOURBON NEWSPUBLISHED EVERY TUESDAY AND FRIDAY IN THE YEAR.""l i. 'I A-, V,.fVOLUME XXXVPARIS, BOURBON COUNTY, KENTUCKY, FRIDAY, JANUAxRY 19, 1917tTHE TOBACCO MARKET..ADMIRAL DEWEY, HEROOF MANILA BAY, DEAD.No sale w ere held at the three Pariswarehouses Wednesday or yesterday,! Admiral George Dewey, the hero ofmving to the continued snow blockade Manila Bay, and by priority the ran leaf the comity roads and the difficulty ing naval -officer of fihe world, died inot getting enough ot the weed on the Washington at 5:5G o'clock Tuesdayiasurs to keen tne auctioneers uusy. aicernoon in nis eigntietn year. AdIDENTITY OF MAN FOUNDDEAD IS ESTABLISHED.m' " .Through fihe persistent efforts ofCoroner Rudolph Davis, of Paris, aidoJby Sergeant Austin Price, of the Leimrton nolinfi rlpnnrfmpnt flip iflnnttivot the negro man who was found tro-9lTE ISL "1ST O "7r HO'V&rjacors 10 Keep tnc aucuonecia uuo. uluihuuh in. mo eiguxieui .veur. ivu- ol me negro man who was found tro- JTStiles will be dield to-day at all three jniral Dewey had not been conscious zen to death on the J. Miller Ward S TTTT" J W W' y , JrfcAnuses, as it is thought the blockade since Monday, when he lapsed into a farm, near Paris, last week, has been 1 I "tf "fl I k P g 0 O m t1 OT" i- "f "f "flwill be lifted enough to permit growers ( coma, still believing that in a few t conclusively proven. g WW IIILCI JLMiZLC8) B LtL, R3 C 'i HA1u deliver their crops at the houses. s days he would be back at his desk i j Frvln. the memoranda found in the 5 mmr9s j wm. sDmiKlmn rfn irrntrarc il icnnJffl .i: . tlio Vnvv Donnrlmont , ...-i .-.',-. i,4. n t-v ; r i- . IKillFergusongnmndsAlrounds at the Peoples' House at! known since Monday there wasSa0.3S: J. H. Bell sold 9,725 pounds at hope for his recoveryttte Independent House at 23.10. Admiral George Dewey, 'hero oh,an accurate description of the man,.4 l nn IJn rrn It 1 I MOllt O Hot 1ml(T It on ei wntl tl-lfLi tl.c? ' . yl rj-. .. 1 : I xIV. UIIUUIICU Wll KlbC -l J.IIUIUIU -.? IWUIll. uiiu , wi me 113OURB0N MAN BUYS a toreign foe since the War of 1S12. tainPART OF ELMENDORFrs' , and after showing her the letter foundagainst j in the dead man's pocket, the Brit-wonian positively identified himThe first sale of the Elmendorf farJ great American naval battle against j in the dead manja toreign foe since the War of 1S12. tain woman positF j His whole life was full of honorable j as J&nes King, aachievments from the days of the Civil .been working in11: War down ito the time when, as the .struction work amlaborer, who hadLexington on con-and around the tobaccoThe first sale ot tne iMmenaon un -ji : u ar uown no me Lime wncn. as ine struction work and around the tobaccotracts of the Haggin estate near Lex-1 head of the General Board, he began warehouse district and who had boardtngton, was made Monday, when M. the last chapter of his work by laying ed at her house. The body is bein:S Kenney Nichols, farmer and tobacco j plans for the defense of -his country in ;held at the undertaking establishmentrnkpr nf Paris, nurchased through time of war. His life was a strikinn r.iiinn & Lawwill real estate. exemplification of the loossibilities ofW w------ 1agency of Lexington, 303 acres of lanl.Tfeie tract was purchased as an investment, the consideration not beingajade public. Mr. Nichols will continueIris residence in Paris, where he isbuver tor the Liggett &. Myers Tobacco Ccunpnay, of SL Louis and NewYork.The tract purchased by Mr. Nicholsconsists of two separate farms, one theor Corbm & Martin until the mansrelatives are located.Tom Berryman, colored, who was aroommate of the dead man. came toParis yesterday, and made the identification complete. He said he had oftenheard King speak of living m EasternKentucky, somewhere on the Chesapeaks &. Ohio railroad.a career based upon the exact and intelligent performance of every routiniduty which molds a man on inflexiblelines of duty and honor.President Wilson held a conferencewith Secretary Daniels and Rear Admiral Badger, to arrange for the funeral, which will probably take place. Saturday. The body will be buried a.Arlinfrton National Cemeterv unon theold Roach farm, containing 103 acre. Virginia ahore of the Potomac, whereand the other tdie Thompson larni, cim- many oi Acimirai uewey s lormer uoiw-tininr onn nrres. Both adjoin ami rades lieire located on the Iron Works pike. Both President Wilson and Secret,. xT;rtvir.ic niinminfps that he wnl tnrv lansimr issued statements ex-uae the land in raising tobacco on thercr part of the farm, which lies!-. i.rtni frnm t.hp main eninner to the quarter-millioiwlollar ,mansion of tiie Haggin estate. Other-.wo r tut- fsiitn will bo utilized as,;cr inmi for 'Sir. Nichols' stable I,.niib ....... . . ...v.v.....s - , , 11 t ... , , . ,.o' racers. j bekas. No. 7. the following omcers 10 , l.ouisviue c- .asnvnie, niui m nis pos-The salt was the first made from the i serve for the ensuing term, wer" ( ession fourteen quarts and one pint ofu-ict since the remaining 6,000 acres eiocted: 'whisky, one pint of gin and one pint o". ,i. t.: nAAonra otstp WOTG SU1'-! t- -v-i.i,. rvn,l Mice Alino lionr Pfi t rnlnin n Ivillf rppfivorl illl'rir-FQd and laid off several weeks ago I Ewalt; Noble Grand Mrs. Frances ' mation that Owens had the liquor inLail; Right Supporter to .otile urani nis possession, ami -iaiu lor mmWilliaan Lail; Lett Supporter to ( when the Interurban car came in fromNoble Grand Mrs. Sa:npel L. Ewalt; Lexington. Owens, however, left theVice Grand Miss Ava Neal; Right car at Twentieth street and had proAND YOU MUST NOT NEGLECT HAVINGGood, Warm ClothesOUR Suits and Overcoats cannot be ezcelled anywhere when it conies to style and quality. Overcoats made with convertible storm collars, cut extralong, just the thing for these cold, raw winter days, madein rough, nappy, warm cloth and genuine Chinchilas andMontenacs"BOOTLEGGER" GETS TENDAYS AND $50 FINE.In Judge January's Court, Wednesday morning, the jury in the case or'Sherman Owens, colored, charged withpressing regret at the Admiral's death having liquor in his possession for thenna men aupreciauuu m "i& sciviwa .purpose oi sale in local option territo the country both in peace and war. tory. brought in a verdict of guilty andI fixed his punishment at ten days inLODGES ELECT OFFICERS. jail and a fine of $30.I Oui'iis. when arrested by Patrolma;.At ji mpp.tinir of Uie Paris Lodere Ro- King at the Winchester junction of theby Chinn & 1-awwni, i C0101agents, to whem has been assignedthe sale of Uie land by the executorsof the estate.HIGHEST PRICE SINCECIVIL WAR IS REACHEDSunnorter to Vice Grand Mrs. Geo. M. , ceeded as far as the junction beforeOUllUi Itl iu ,v,...... - - - -Rose; Left Supporter to Vice Grand jthe officer discovered his whereaboutsDora Scott; Secretary .Mrs. lua any- i ine jury was composeu ol reuie v inder; Treasurer Miss Ollie Chambers; lier, S. T. Chipley, Harry Baldwin,Chaplain Mrs. Dora Scott; Warden- John Day, J. S. Douglas and Jas.Mrs. Tiny Dennison; Conductor Miss Early wine.Hattie Neal; Inside, Guard George .I (RThe: noi'tti1" 'aHEBKB RENT COLUMBIA...T.h,S "S?2S '?",. L r nS - : THEATRE FOR CONFECTIONERYUU UlllUlclia ix i.r. '"vv ".. ---oIModem I Judge B. B. January, Chairman c......v, . ... e it. .1.1 T..1- .. - - . . .- - in n i nm n tpr ni i iits vjuu i'b:-4r--,fnAlrv These two items were hhl Wcodman. of America, at uieir reuuiiL '"" -- ". ,vSterday'arjVsO per .ushel on line, electe1 the tollowin. offlce;, ows Lodge "tenJw ctojed cowet ar.d ?10.00 per barrel for Hour f Uie te: SSL'MSta. o I LeXlneton. fo? a. . i. o-i on rnri tiniiT- hi. Jiu.uv i r'rtnoni i-t .i i-fraiiiinii: nut aui j. . w,u,r barrel has for several weeks top- T Connell; Banker D. B. Anderson;rd all previous records since the clerk H. C. llenson; Escort P. ...rfvil W-ir The prices had droppeu xane; Watchman John Toohey, Jr.;. i. ' 'ui n,u-nr,f P.d auain to cover Rpntrr C. E. Lair: Managers C. E.X a Uirfi lwR been the only oiir T.air.B. J. Brannon, Strawder PaynWheat and flour on the market yestrdav topped their highest previousadvances by taking another upwardstride The Paris Milling Companjvasterday reported a ten cent advance,i,0nt nmi twentv cents a barrelp., ' 4 same holding good in . of Thursday. January 254:m- n the markets in Centra' , Paris camp, No. 11330,L- . " mi . itoil-IQ WPTfi IlSt$12.50 to $40The shorter Coats for the young fellow made in the'Pinch Back effects and and Belted Backs.Men's and Young Men's Winter Suits in many desirable pattern and styles.tJj MITCHElEMOREOkS lExcflussve Agency For the Nefctleton Pine Shoe, Witchsnocs ana tne famous L?r. k-o msnion soie anoc.noted in the long list of advances in ter; Physician D. B. Andersonthe market since last 't !!ar wheat may come, but whetheiwill or not, dealers are not preparedto say at presentSOME PRETTY GOOD DOPE.fpn-venrs' lease on the storeroom onthe ground floor of the Odd Fellows'l'uildinir at the corner of Main andFifth streets, lately occupied as thei Columbia Theatre.! Messrs. Pneerer and Banolas wilJ have the room repnodeled and retur' nished and will conduct a first-classice-cream, soda water, fruit and confoMinnnrv himhiPKs in the raom. Thev1 have just been inforlned that there jiave been in business in Lexington fori& a would-be photographic artist in , nine years. The Paris plant will beiseit to ue operated as a orancn oi meir ls.vIt" bv making the false statement ington business.CLARK COUNTY IN I THE R:0ur midst who represents himself to be operated aseirUT POR STATE btrAiuri i.., ua folco etntpmpnt 1'nirtnn ViiioitFORMER PARIS MAN REELECTED HEAD OF T. H. B. A.I - . i 4.1n Tnfiin I 1i- t r .'ithat to he a memoer ol lug auuuai ,The latest announceu wuuu. .-- photographers' Association one nas luSiate Senator in the Twenty-eigm... , a mQst rigid examination, etc.District Bourbon, Clark and Jj since this fellow, whoever he may8Mne!LntiZlnSs man and 1 Democrat. bVah , he has seen fit to The Btockholders of the Kentucky?SS in "is announcement lI'nfetoeral of my good Trotting Horse Breeders' Associationo! Winchester, in nomina. misuse mj name to several ol i s b meeting in Lexington,Slr Hon declares for the submis- finding Ms sU events refeed to j Tuesday rejected its Board of DirecS &SirS existing taj .sf 1 J Z ot,3 4am TnfirM finini uiu w - v-k nryrmmr tin ft iir MMi'iiiiirr n - mo iu a--' -TO proviuc iui " - - oraer 101 ynwtwtsi .. - py learance .a atkm of the tax burden.member of any photographic organiza-goyne, manager oi wainm. mu imui,n.arkunty -ill furnish the canul- '"Ttn Sat is Fr7pu.red of the appli- was named in his place. The D.rec-date for Senator, and the moica u ,g for him pay certain .tees, . to s re-e.ec.eu .. -. . . .,OPate lOr aeuaw, "---,- . . n cant IS lor mm w yj r ,"::' I A a aforv T v WiinnmH.,a f1t Trobablv a halt aozen m . ... , jie wnoie Dusmess uou aim -; . .......are that pronaoiy and that ends ue dropped the pacing division ofSSBePer'SScA 2? eted to "cut in" at 1" SS .aay time. . -one who cannot peddle photos on entmsiastic concerning the future, M ciRPMAN HURT j A. R. JOHNS,!own merits?IN WINCHESTER.; uUural Bank Building, Paris, Ki . l 11 nlv mi'11 cjo-TTITlleS.y j5 1 mane an mj w.. " rMr Thomas Elder, of Paris, firemanSe iSuisville & Nashville swich-ine in the Winchester yards, slip- sX ?ie ice on his engine Wediies-;PARIS WOMEN SNOWBOUND.of the light harness sport." The datesclaimed for the 1917 race meeting arcOctober 1 to 14.j FORMER RESIDENT OF PARISI DIES IN NEW YORK.... T Cimme onfl MpIHp BUCk-lSav aUemoon while stepping across a Al h Paris Uad a 1DOst decided-1 Mr8. Bn,ma Katherme Steele, widowSard and was thrown to the ground. ierunDpleasanL experience in Uie heavy wiUiaan J. Steele, formerly oStalnta Painful injuries. He to 7'Suilday. They had started to Frankfort, died Saturday at her homeStento W hoarding house where h cheX , attend the funeral, of hl Newdorp, New York. The body arKfarfp? received medical attention Gibson Taylor, whose remains rived in Frankfort Monday night a,juries recei eu QPrinnslv in- Mr- V.. il. i,a frnm California. R.n n'Hnok and was laid to rest inredn Mr Elder was able to return "STght for interment in the the Frankfort Cemetery Tuesday mornS Pnris vesterday, where he will r Winchester Cemetery. When near the ing at 10 o'clock.2S until entirely well. 'wi Wlthenioon fani on Uie Winches-, Mrs. Steele was formerly Miss Ben-iiuam until entires and Paris pike, near Winchester, ton of Bourbon county. For a nuivBASKET BALLUttHi"- iliev found, tlieir progiuaa Hw-w -- UBl UL JCo --- .iBA 'VnFmmense snow drift that completely ,iere her husband was a prominent,,. -o,c. nket Ball Team of the J"" nf1 thR wa They were compell farmer. From Woodlake she and hex ,l U;"qoo1 will go to Maysville "-. rATnain in their limousine tor sey- ihusband moved to Frankfort, and iroonbright for a game wii Uie boys rrimmj"Ztflam of the Aiaysviuu xb- -- predicament aim "--' - ncnllkiaivu l"v'"tarTs defeated the Maysville boys here Pr taken to a tenement House steeie wasI.. AeirlMtgame. The girls' team n y -Witherspoon farm where the ton, of Franii tneir itiL feaixi p-mov nieht..011 ,j ..n Tuoeflnv before theywill play in Maybwuu, - jremaineu ui ."rp p::ne of thcJaSenY2M. C. A. and Eastern Ken-'f'daniabf the .notncky Normal bcuoui wum ,.. r--. antl Waierat the Y. M. C. A. gyjmuta.utmorrow night....nrTIM WORSES'MARION wortuii"" ";-.AT WIGGINS t-Am. . 0nlMf,rViarib:...r: .;n Hpnver an address toLew Marion, whose horses are yin-!the ciUzes of Georgetown and Scotttering at Louisville, was in Paris this county, at the cyt house in GeorgeSHirrrsf?s'-Hnlte4 opportunity ke h8 had. !u reroms aB any man in the State.there they went thirty years ago to.ir lioiT" Virvmp in "New York. Mrs.an aunt of Miss L-ena ceu-Frankfort.FIGHT ON $1 GLASSES mioAMVCLOSES KY. COMPANY.FURNITURE AND RUGS!20 Per Cent. Off Every Dollar, For CashBeginning To-day, and Lasting Thirty Days.A RARE OPPORTUNITY to purchase Furniture, Rugs, Cook Stoves andRanges at Bargains never before heard of, considering the hi?h advancein raw materials, workmanship and dye stuff which is used in all our Rugs.Our stock is very heavy at this season of the year, having purchased in December, before this advance, which gives the public the benefit and enables us to sellyou merchandise at a saving of 20 per cent. COME EARLY at the beginning ofthis sale and you will get a nice selection.The E. M. Wheeler Furniture Store is known to back up his advertisementswith better furniture and better value for less money than you can purchase elsewhere, considering quality: We will quote you a few prices, as we will not havespace to quote everything in the house.The National Optical Company, otChicago, with an office in Louisville,i nUcnfi itc n hops mere, sum iwADDRESS ON TAX REFORM. nas cioseu its umo ..w, -Hon Reuben Hutchcraft, Jr., of I furniture and departed. They recently,ris "secretary o the Kentucky Tax' tarted an advertising campaign in thef,r nonorc nrivprtismir b SDecut-cles for SI, and worked Paris as wellas other places. A campaign startedby optemetrists in Louisville and ordinances passed in various cities of theState inposing a heavy license fee onsuch companies tended to break uptheir business and the transient opJ-,cians returned to Chicago.Moral Patronize your borne dealersBed Room Suite, quartered oak,was 150.00, now $1 1 9.00Mahogany Bed Room Suite, four poster, Chiffonier and Dressing Tableto match, was 145.00; now$1 1 6.00Imitation Quartered Oak Bed KoomSuite, was S40.00, now $32.00One long Davenport, Oak, ChaseLeather, was 25.00, now..$20.00One long Davenport, Quartered OakFront, was 30.00, now $24.00Davenette Parlor Suite, Davenette and Twooimirs to iviatcn, in manogany,was 45.00, now $36.00Also one Oak Davenette with two Chairsto match, was 77.00,now $61. 60One Oak Duofold Bed, was $40.00,now $32.009x12 Room Size Druggets, Brussells,$ 1 O.OO, $ 1 5.00 and $20.00Axminster 9x12. .$25.00 and $30.00E. M. WEIGHTH AND MAIN STREETScVj.1aM. ?FAdE TWOTHE BOURBON NEWS, PARIS, KY.TRIDAY, JANUARY 19, 197.n?!V1HK' f-li"i"i-l-vr Mn.tt7o can do a sreat deal to improve the fla-X 1IC UUUI OQX1 IieWS'vor of foods, also to render palatableENDORSED AT HOME.Utablished 1881 35 Years of Continuous Publication.KENTUCKY TRACTION, - & TERMINAL COMPANYi 1 114 Mil 'l 1 1 ! 14"! M I'M ii 1 1111 1 1 U'H I 1 1 1the tougher portions of flesh. "When Such Proof at This Should Convinceone considers the amount of onastlca-j Any Paris Citizen.tion needed to consume an ordinaryInteruroan Scne-auic.CARS LEAVEPublished Every Tuesday and Friday, beefsteak to-day, it is a question if -OaeYear -?2.00-Six Months. .$1.00 (horse flesll would be any worse. cilforPayable in Advance.Dnotn! mi. u .1 - e 1 i i. alio- 11IU pUHU UltUUl tlULUUUL UL il 1ULU!citizen is the best propf that can be L,exingtonIn the earlier days of the countr- prouueeu. iNone ueuer, uuue suuiiger 5.45 a m. when all kinds Qf meat were abundant can be had. When a man comes for- 7:30 a. m.SWIFT CHAMP, Editor and Owner, and cheap, the people could pick and ward aml testifies to his fellow-citi- 8:15 a. m." .choose and rejoice many nutritious ns, addresses his friends and neign-v 9:00 a. milDntered at. th Paris TvPntnoirv f-c nf r,wi Tim 1ivp rimmm;! bors, you may ue sure ne is tnorougniy . j ,. m.Postoffice as Mail Matter of the now. Before ;manv years old Dobbin's convinced or he would not do so.Second Class.) Jflesh reduced to tenderness in the Telling one's experience when it is for-"n '' 'stP.xv pot, may be a common article of e Pablic Sod is an act of kindnessidje( that should be appreciated. The fol-A N N O U NC4E M E N T. , iowjng statment given by a resident ,rnn ctato cpvathi) ! The Bookworm Habit. !of Paris adds one more to the manyV-'iV U'.iU kJiJil- A Vll- 1 j, 11 T1...1 -.mr-L ,,fflno nf flio nrrsminpnf. if Rfis o mod- eases ut nuiue uiiuuiaciiicui.LexingtontorParis6:00 a. m.7:20 a. m.8:U0 a. m.4.- vAgeney.iliTl.We are authorized to announce LEE One of the prciminenL ideas ol mou- & ut "" J,UU"'1 , " 7"WAIXSCOTI, of Winchester, as a ern school life is to interest the pu- are ueing puunsneci auout uoan s iviu-oandidate for the nomination for the pils in good books and help them ac ney Pills. Read it.ctaice of State Senator in the Twenty nnirn thn rend in? habit. The do:r' H. C. Hutclicraft, 1115 Mam street,eighth. Kentucky Senatorial District, eared 0id reading books of former Paris, says: "I have used Doan's Kidcomposed of Clark, Bourbon and Mont- vears witn tjiejr hifaiutin selections ney Pills off and on for a great manySThSS poetry, philosophy and orator, years and with good results. When-uon to be held on August 4, 191, He 1 ' ' , have sufferod rrom weakness 01asks your support 111 his race iipon a 'ae uibappuaiLu. xu iua.i auuuun -., mv i,nv t tmvo ntbroad and liberal platform. the reading books consist of high-class lameness across m back, I have al-We are authorized to announc- standard works of fiction and other ways found Doans Kidney Pills, pro-1GEORGE HON, of Winchester, as a classics that young folks should enjoy, cured irom me Aruei urus v.,u., nevuicandidate for the nomination for the, with the maioritv of children this fail to relieve !me of the complaint."11:15 a. in.12:45 p. m.2:15 p. m.3:45 p. m.4:30 p. ni5:15 p. rcu6:05 p. m.6:50 p. m.8:15 p. m.10:0d p. m.8-5(1 n tn I10:20 a. m.11:50 a. m.1:20 p. m.2:50 p. m.3:30 p. m.4:20 p. m.5:0u p. m.6:00 p. m.7:20 p. m.9:10 p. m.11:00 p. m.CITY CARS ONLY.Lve. Court House Lve. Station 5.office of State Senator in the Twenty- creates a familiarity with the printed Price 50c, at all dealers. Dontjoighth Kentucky Senatorial Distric, ' that oUienvise they migilt 110t simply ask for a kidney remedy get 1ttposed of Clark. Bourbon and Mom- ' But there is alwavs a certain Doan's Kidney Pills the same that'ornery counties, in the primary dec "JhJ SrnpLTn ,. Mr. Hutclicraft had. Foster-Milburn fcSon to be held on August 4. in. us .'"rr "ou tike them 'Co., Props.. Buffalo, N. V. (ach)tsk wur snnnort. m his race iinoii u citemeiit to 000KS. 1 ou lane Lnt-in,- 1simnor2 ........iroad and liberal platform. visiting, and instead of joining in otner- Ichildrn's plays, thev burrow in book1 Clean skimmed milk is a valuabifFOR JAILER. bhelves. They waste 'their eyesight in ' i'ood, but it should be sold as skimmed.We are authorized to announce poor light, and their cheeks fade inGEORGE AY. JUDY, of Paris, as a can- the in.door life. In 1901, out of a total road andlidate for the Democratic nomination s , cllildren live in a dream world. "dge expenditures ?20 000,000 of thefbr e officv of Jailer of Bourbon T1fa k talk and think in the booJfJ ff0ldd,,abop-thttt "'county subject to .the oa of tho tm Th(jir hcrQQS m crea. Uoiked out on the roads.SononAgSmL ' jtures of fiction. They are so busyWe are authorized to announce J. seeing what other imaginary characW. Hart, of Bourbon county, as a can-,tcrs have done, that they have no pow-jdidate for Jailer, subj'ect to the action 1 er left fco start things of their own.ot the Democratic party, at the State Turn such children out-doors for someprimary, August, 1917. 'fresh air, and they dawdle around andlt ,arreT.l0riZ?,d -t0 an.no;,l; soon come in and ask their motherJOHN H. DOTY, of Pans precinct, asn",M,ffl r. nn-nnnratio nnmi- what they should do.nation for Jailer of Bourbon County, I This is not meant as an argument jubj"ect to the action of the Demo- against the cultivation of the reading'sratic primary in August, 1917. habit in schools. For every one book-,We are authorized to announce ',oi,n, there are half a dozen to whomWALKER KISER, of the Kiserton pre- anv fcooktseems like a school task, 'cinct, as a candidate for the Demo- formidable and repelling. They need'cratlc nomination for Lie office of b encouragement to find UvsJailer of Bourbon county, subject to . i.iithe action of the Democratic party at pleasures and inspirations of booklanu. jthe primary election in August, 1917. The little bookworm is a separata .We are authorized to announce problem. Teachers should see to itjTHOS. TAUL as a candidate for Jailer that they join with their comrades iiof Bourbon county, subject to the ac- tilc sports around the school grounds jtion of the Democratic primary. !Such children should be given base-1We are authorized to announce C. b d f.ootballs fol. Christmas in-jT. MASTERSON as a candidate for , !Jailer of Bourbon County, subject to fed(1 ot bfs- y , -1 7 ntLlthe action of the Democratic State - forced into active play with other!primary, August. 1017. cniiuren, tneir power lor action m uieWe are authorized to announce W. ' world has been assisted."O. BUTLER, of Paris, as a candidate !for the Democratic nomination for 'girl have WAVYoffice of Jailer of Bourbon county, sub- ' ,,, r.1 o-w uaid4. - i, ; e !, namnnroti.i THICK, GLObbY HAIKState primarv, in August, 1917. !We are authorized toam7.45 amS.15 am8.45 am9.15 am9.45 am10.15 am10.45 am11.15 am11.40 am12.00 m12.45 pm41.15 pm45 pm2.15 pm2.45 pm3.15 pm3.45 pm4.15 pm4.45 pm5.15 pm7.15 am8.00 2m8.30 am9.00 am9.30 am10.00 am10.30 am11.00 am11.30 am11.50 am12.15 pm' 1.00 pm1.30 pm2.00 pm2.30 pm3.00 pm3.30 pm' 4.00 ,pm4.30 pm5.00 pm5.00 pmSTACY - ADAMSfiOES$7-o and $7-5Take Advantage of These Pricesand Save Money.HARRY LINVILLEYes,GeiitiemFREE FROM DANDRUFFare autuonzea to announceJOHN W. KING as a candidate for the Save Your Hair! Double Its Beauiynomination of Jailer of Bourbon coun- ' ln a Few Momentsiy, subject to the action of the Demo- Try This!cratic primary, on Saturday, AugustS, 1917.If you care for heavy hair, that ,listens with beauty and is radiant 'FOR ASSESSOR. witn life' Iias au "comparable soft-1"Ve are authorized to announce Mr "ess and is fluffy and lustrous, try Dan .Walter Clark, of Paris, as a candl- derine.3ate for ihe Democratic nomination .lust one application doubles thvor tlie office c. Assessor of Bourboa beauty of our hair, besides it immediGounty. with Mr. John J. Redmon, of ateiy "dissolves every particle of dand-'5he ' North Middlelown precinct, a iuff cannot hae nice, heavy,.Deputy Astpssor subject the action h , .f , dandruff. Thnf the Democratic party at the primary - - . ...aiecUoR to be held on Saturday, Aug destructive scurf robs the hair of ita-L 1917. They respectfully ask you- lustre, its strength and its very life.,support. .and if not overcome it produces a fo-We are authorized to announce Mr. verishness and itching ct the .scalp; 1George D. Speakes, of Paris, as a can- the hair roots famish, loosen and die; Ididate for the Democratic nomination 'then the hair faus ouL fasLfor the office of Assessor of B-jnrboa If hair has been negiected and jCounty with Mr. Lee R. C raven u ot , h d d fl scr orthe Little Rock precinct, as Deputy ; ,- Assessor, subject to the action of the oll'. set a 2o-cent bottle ot Knowlton .Democi-atic party at the primary elec- Dandenne at any drug store or toilettion to be held on Saturday, August J,! counter; apply a little as directed and I3917. They respectfully ask your sup- ten minutes after you will say this was.port. .the best investment you ever made.r ' We sincerely believe, regardless cf IFOR MAYOR. 'everything else advertised, that if you IWe are authorized to announce Mr lustrous, beautiful hair and Icandidate' for the office of Mayor of,lots of j--no. dandruff-no itchinge citv of Paris, subject to the action , scalp and no more tailing hair youof the" voters of the city at the pri-,must use Knowlton's Danderine. Ifnwry election to be held on August 4, evntually wjhy not now?1917. Your support is respectfully! (adv)solicited. IifliS ';A $$. S SSSs hj? iWMf (1in Ceylon the largest pearls areworth $200 to ?250; in Europe andAmerica they sell at more than threetimes this price.EDITORIAL MUSINGS.'.SLOAN'S LINIMENT. FOR STIFF JOINTS." Popular Prejudices About Food.A great deal of comment was causedby a recent order permitting the saleof the flesh of horses for meat in NewYork City, which apparently will also"be allowed in many other places.Horse meat is used as food all overEurope. In time is will probably be soused in this country.This use of equine flesh runs upagainst a certain popular repugnancethat is not quite easy to account foThere always are many prejudices inthe choice of food not wholly basedon reason. Certain kinds of fish arealways rejected by anglers, as worthless for food, on account of some localtradition against them. One .generation after anoliher of boys -will throvvtheee fish away, in accordance withcustom. The trouble may simply betht the flesh is not quite as well flaTored as other kinds. But as the years(go by and fish become scarce, eventhe less savory varieties may be seento have good value.The feeling against horseflesh canHardly be based on any sanitarygipwads. A horse seems just as cleaul.'a animal as a cow, perhaps more so.Probably the reason is that a horse isa working animal. He would naturallykare tougher and more stringy mus-cles than a cow, which spends its lifeto idleness in pastures and barns,.ooeokerj' and skillful seasoningYou have to go some to keep upa reputation as a Southern gentlemana SOVEREIGN-King ofThem All. Yes, sir! I bet I getmore attention than any youngsteron earth !"You come from the finest Southern stock of Virginia and theCarolinas," they say. "You aremade of the best tobacco in theworld. You are clothed in a fine,clean, white suit of genuine imported paper. Keep clean ; keep 'clean; keep clean clear through.Rheumatic pains and aches get intothe joints and muscles, making everymovement torture. Relieve your suffering with Sloan's Liniment; it quicic-jly penetrates without rubbing, and jsoothes and warms your sore muscles iX I1C WUUgCOtCU U1UUU IO OLUIIUIUL'-U IUThe folks in the factory are alwaysat me to keep clean and sweet andpure.You Folks of the South KNOW good blood IYou Folks of the South KNOW good tobacco!action; a single application will drive tout the pain. Sloan's Liniment isiclean, convenient and quickly effectie, it does not stain the skin or clogthe pores. Get a bottle to-day at yourDruggist, 25c.(adv-jan)Alexander the Great sighed for moroworlds to conquer. Wilhelm blowsabout what he has conquered.So a clean, sweet, wholesome cigarette makes heaps of friends downSouth." And you, friend, I would like to know you too! So here'sanother big thing to think aboutJ i- . O Ot n " !- A I ... r rl r JTThe so-called guaranty legend onipackages of foods and drugs does noilmean that the United States Government has passed on the quality of tho.product.INACTIVITYCAUSESTION.CONSTIPA-Lack of exercise in the winter is afrequent cause of constipation. vYou!feel heavy, dull and listless, your complexion is sallow and pimply, and energy at low ebb. Clean up this condition at once with Dr. King's New LifsPills, a mild laxative that relieves thecongested intestines without griping.A dose before retiring will assure youa full and easy movement in the morning. 25c at your Druggist,(adv-jan)sI am guaranteed by ....-o.-3 Buy me.If you don't like me return me to your dealer and getyour money back. I have said it. A Southern gentleman is knownthe world over for keeping his word, and I have given you mine. Novereign Cigarettes6FOR THE GENTLEMAN OF THESOUTH9JCiaha of fji&m CIC&iSx45ttAJfi1tcjiA.,; :Jc,3s4$$:: v--4... .vst.tJkf. 'V''-- -? f.Tvv,Pi-3 ':;?'"-; ,vC-cr-jy;'-.w v , r- sr, i .-; 4 ;;jftw. x'iK!- 4r$B?t-.- ir , i sFRIDAY, JANUARY 19, 1011THE BOURBON NEWS, PARIS KT.PAGE THRE1IftiffVM1.kfe.iffii "hNotice to Creditors.All persons having claims against"iJie estate of P. J. Millett, deceased,are hereby notified to present thesame, proven as required by law, on,or before the 15th day of February,ANY CHEST GOLDMAY BRINGBronchitis or TonsiSitisThe irritating, tickling coughSOCIAL AND PERSONAL.Comings and Goings of OurPeople Here, There andElsewhere.Miss Elise Heller is a guest oftriends and relatives in Newportuv,iWC cue iuui utt ui i-'uo..., Ci.rt UT .x j iMiss iunzabetli Crutcher is a guest1917, in order that the same may be anectS Oie lung tissue and nf ATiss AriPiinp wiRnmnn n nanvu.tpam, to iunmeu m. uicKson, Aiiorney- wears down nature s power toUV -M , . J.lUb AIUUWUU "'Building, or to the undersigned.MECHANICS BANK & TRUST CO.As Executors of P. J. Millett,Knoxville, Tenn.Auction Saleof 25 Head ofresist disease germs.i sconsEMULSIONsuppresses the cold, allays the inI flammation, steadily removes theNft 1 IFPnPV flHV ""rite"011 and rebuilds the resistiveIWJm 1 tlLlJLI vll TT 0 power to prevent lung trouble.AT MURPHY'S STOCK YARDSPARIS. KY.,Saturday, January 20th, jAT 10 O'CLOCK A. M. !All fresh with calves by side, iThis is an extra good lot, and ifMrs. Russel Crouch jias returnedfiom a visit to Mrs. H. Hall, in George-i town.Mr. Vaughn Drake has returned toWinchester after a visit to friends inParis.Mrs. Henry Fuhrman has gone toWauchola, Florida, to remain the resiof the winter.Mrs. It. L. Wilson has returned toher hcime in this city after a visit tofriends in Winchester.Miss Margaret Willis, of Winchester, is visiting Mr. and MrsJ. HarryClay and Judge and Mrs. Chas. A. Mc-iMillan.Mrs. James T. Lail and Mrs. LynnATnnrf linvp rntnriiPil frnm n visih inSCOTT S has done more I Mr. and Mrs. Gano Ammerman, mfor bronchial troubles than jCynthiana.any Other one medicine.! Miss Cordelia Oder lias returnedvisit to her sister, Mrs. Harry G.(Waller, on Fifteenth street.It contains no alcohol.Scott & Bowne, Bloomfieid. N.J. 16-10HUH! HOWD'YEKNOW?Mr. Breed, a member of the firm o"Crane & Breed, of Cincinnati, was recent truest in this citv of Mr. GeonreIn many places spring will begin tv. Davis and Mr. Georce R. Davis.you are in the market attend. isTary 2?-19i7f and.,in 11I0StMPlace.fi - xT n ..m iflue cqIo February 1. From then until April! Miss Nancy Griffith was hostess to,2U the weather everywhere will be a number of friends Wednesday afterj unusually warm and dry; caused byjuoon at her home on Tleasant streetSaturn and Neptune forcing the earth! in honor of Misses Elizabeth Embryagainst the sun's repelling force, as and Elizabeth Steele, who will leave.Jupiter forced it last fall. so-on lor a stay in the South.About April 25 or 2G and May 1G or17 the cool changes may injure fruit jand early vegetation in some localii ties.KsecacsszsarzxrsocaEimapwnNa Bi CiYou don't have to coax the childrento eat plenty of N. B. C. GrahamCrackers. These are not only rich inthe nourishment that builds bone andmuscle, but theirtemptingtaste makesthe little appetites hungry for more.N. B. C. Graham Crackers addedan individuality and nut-like flavorthat other graham crackers lacked.This makes them an almost universally popular article of everyday diet.NATIONAL BISCUITCOMPANYItpackagesV7:,ifiQ;?conference did I mention to Cr. Lavson the name of any Cabinet officecthat he has mentioned here to-day."Henry asserted again and agin thathe had not given Lawson such information. Secretarj McAdoo issued a statement Monday night in which he said:"No man Should be called upon toj notice such detestable and irresponsl-ble gossip and slander," said Mr. MeJAdoo. "but since my name has bee,t mentioned I wish to say Uiat no moreJ shrmeless and wanton lie could be coiJceived that the rumor or suggestionI that I have been interested at anytime and in any unanner whatever lustock speculations or purchases ot, stock in New York or elsewhere, orthat I have been connected, in anymanner whatever with the allege'!,'leak' about the so-called peace note.'I Secretary Tumulty gave out thjsstatement:, "After the complete and definitestatement whioh I made to Uie RulesCommittee last week it should hardlybe necessary for me to say that thexvis not a scintilla of truth in these nevrflimsy charges."vi.Msm.mSOMETHING TO WORRY ABOUT.this sale.M. J. MURPHY & CO.Col. Geo. D. Cpeakes, Auct.PUBLIC SALEJudge and Mrs. Charles A. McMi'lan entertained the members of tiieBourbon County Board of Tax Super-Fair Grounds Buildings.ti, .;n i. tr.rt ,.: . i visors and other county officials witn.localities from April 20 to October i a course dinner at neon Wednesday, atI to make a splendid season for agi iIV.Ull.lll G , 111V1 111 LUC CUUL1IUU1 UVUliaphere there will be sufficient rain tomake a still better growing season. frc)m. September 1, 1917, to Februaryjl, 1918. iWe will sell at public auction, on the I The year 1I)18 wil- be a natural year.IK'emises, on jWith few exceptions the temperatureSand rainfall throughout the world v'ulSATURDAY, FEBRUARY 3, 1917. be almost noi7nal, or the weather generally due in most localities duringW.ectiTA flit' .1SrThe weather prophets, the comshuck, the goose bone, and otheralleged infallible sings predict a mlMwinter. Once upon a time an old ne-'gro, who had been put in jail sent for'a lawyer, who. after hearing a statC--mentof the case, said to him: "Whythey can't put you in jail for that!""But, boss, here I is," said the oldnegro. And here is the cold weatherin spite of the prophets.LAWSON EXPLODES BOMBIN "LEAK" PROBE.It was BAD COLD QUICKLY BROKEN UP.mittee insisted that he read it.from Mrs. Vicconti.Ruth T. Yisconti annears in the! Mrs. Martha Wilcox, Gowanda, N.Washington City Directory as a clerk Y., writes: "I first used Ghaonberlain'sDR. RIGHTER SUES THELOUISVILLE . NASHVILLEbeginning at 2 o'clock, all the buildingslocated on the Bourbon, Fair Grounds,on Main street, as follows:Five frame horse stables;Three cattle barns;Two hog houses;One sheep barn;One frame kitchen;Four small frame ticket offices;One large frame amphitheatre.every month of the year.-Sun.-New YorkHOW TO CHECK THAT COLD.When it is painful to breath andj fever sends chills up and down yourback, you are in for a cold. A timelydose -of Dr. Bell's Pine Tar Honey willston tfie sneezes and sniffles. The ninnThe amphitheatre, containing a large balsam loosens the phlegm and clearsamount of seasoned lumber, will bo lhe br0nclual tubes, the honey soothes::.old in four separate sections and aml reHeves the sore throat. The antithen as a whole, the best bid or bids septic quaiities kill the germ and theto be accepted. congested condition is relieved. Croup,Purdhsers of the amphitheatre will whooping cough and chronic bronchialbe required to remove same from the affections quicklv relieved. At allpremises wiUiin 3 weeks; purchasers rjrUggists, 25c.of the stables and other buildings must ' (adv-jan)remove them within 2 weeks. J ------TERMS Sums of $20 and under, 1 Jc:ish in hand. Over that amount a -, .. lir . ncredit of six months will be given on 0tlC6 10 W ?A&X lOUSUflierS.ail approved note payable at the Deposit & Peoples' Bank, and bearing water accounts are rendered forinterest at the rate of 6 per cent. innarter from January to Anril 1. andWILDER, CAYWUUU & liUKUI(Janl2-7t)Dr. T. Righter, of Cynthiana, formerly of Ruddles Mills, has filed suitagainst the Lrouisville & Nashvili-3Railroad Company, for $11,500 damages for injuries he alleges he sufferedin an accident, January 15, 191G. Hewas struck by a southbound freighttrain, he alleges, thrown from his automobile and received injuries which disabled him from practicing his profession for several months, and left hisknee, permanently stiff. He claimsgross negligence on the part of therailroad cdmpany.WASHINGTON, Jan. 18. With onesensational disclosure following on th? Hvinir at 1721 Twentv-first Street, an Coush remedy about eight years ago.At that time I had a hard coiu amibefore the House Rules Committee a 71 Hm T.nwann insipri Hifi hp nmifiipri mnst of the time. It proved-.w w ww; .,.-. .Wwvk.y . VVHC3..V.direct information to be just what I needed, it Droke upthe cold in a few days, and the cougn.Chairman Henrv then took the wit- entirely disappeared. I have tolaness stand. many of my friends of the good I ro-Henry emphatically denied that he ceived through using this medicine,ever had mentioned to Lawson the and all who have used it speak of it laname of any Cabinet officer. the highest terms." Obtainable eyery"Not during our whole three'-hour where. (adv-jan).lioolu rf nnrvtVint- Tlinmno "r T.iii'enn I . ,their home on Stoner Avenue. The .;:" ,;:.'. "ir .. "' aparuueiiL mouseguests piF. Collieiwards BenjEwalt. J. A. Liter. RobL Gilkey, L. n.Purnell. Pearce Paton, W. G. McClintock and J. O. Marshall.(Other Personals on Page 5.)esent w ere Rob t. teer N , Momlay dec, d that wnUan j'eni Woodford Sr Jos H Gibbs McAd00' Secretary of the refating to a ..leak,Gr::lJ n?n' ,.?: 'Treasury and son-in-law of the Presi- rhairman Henrv tB-4 FIREInsure withW.O.HINTON &SON,AgtsFIRE IN PRINT SHOP.dent, was named to him as the Cabinetmember who profited by the alleged"leak" of information from Washington to AVall Street on the President'speace note.Robert L. Henry, Chairman of theHouse Rules Cqmmittee, before whichLawson was testifying with the threatof arrest for contempt hanging overhis head if he refused to answer anyquestions, was named by the Bostonfinancier as the Congressman whogave him information of the leak.Chairman Henry, Lawson declared,informed him that McAdoo was involved in the leak.Paul Warburg of the Federal Reserve Board was notmed by Lawson asthe "high public official" who knewthe "leak" machinery."Lawson had been asked if he wauprepared to offer proof of his statement that there were beneficiaries ofthe "leak" among lawmakers anaothers. He produced a letter which heasked to submit in private. The com-X-Bourbon Laundryi DWIS & FUNK, Props.Telephone No. 4.West 5 Street8SSheriffSalelsiThe building occupied by the Harlan ,(Ky.) Enterprise Publishing Companycaught on fire Tuesday night about 11lmust be paid at the office of the Paris 'o'clock. Before the water was turnedj Water Colnpany in fifteen days, or wa-ion, the roof was badly damaged. Theter will be shut off. Parties desiring water leaked through on the paperto do so can pay as formerly, six i stock 01 me pruning oma- unu uua-months. Rebates due anyone will Diied it.credited on these bills. i(12-tf) PARIS WATER CO.The total loss is about $2,00U.NOTICEFire, wind and lightning in-, surance.Thomas, Woodford& Bryan.J5&.I X I It!, Uy :tWSEv Old SOUl.THHSVlCy M -.:. sr - y -, 'DI V,St"' itliotfrozn. ! gl ig77Z Old 'KmgCoal.jimerrjfSatisfaction is OurWatchwordWith all the latest improvements in laundryappliances and experthelpers we are preparedto do work inferior tonone, and solicit yourpatronage.c.BOURBON CIRCUIT COURTH. NEIL & SONS.: Plaintiffs.Vs. Notice of Sale.P. BAILEY DefendantAll who are indebted to me musticome in and settle before the 1st ofiFebruary, or I will turn over to myattorney for immediate collection allof my accounts, which will makeyour debt more than double the original amount, besides the annoyance.As my past dealings were pleasant Ihope the future wTll be the same.J. ELVOVE,Home Phone 3 GO. Paris, Ky.; BROTHERS MEET DEATHIN BLAZING HOME.!Orville, 10 years old, and Eugene, 7,sons of Win. Bellomy, were burned todeath and their brother Russell, 12.probably fatally burned in a fire Monday night wJiich destroyed their father's residence on his farm, about sixmiles from Vanceburg. Tiie latnerand mother were badly burned in aain attempt to rescue their children.The cause of the fire is unknown.POSTEDUnder and by virtue of a judgmentand order of sale rendered at the January, 1917, term of the Bourbon Quarterly Court in the above styled actiontherein pending, the undersignedSheriff, onMonday, Feb. 5, 1917,j The land of the late W. P. Ardery Tells How to Loosen a Tender Cornat the front door of the Court House h bpMl nosted and no huntine will or Callous So It Lifts Outin Paris, Kentucky, at about the hourDe auowe(j please remember this and jof 11 o'clock a. m., will sen aL puoucauction to the highest and best bidder,the following described pdoperty:LIFT YOUR CORNSOFF WITH FINGERSWithout Pain.One L-. H. Niel & Sons Piano,stvle 15 P, mahogany, number57169, with stool and scarf.save trouble.(3-tf)W. B. ARDERY,Administrator.You reckless -men and women whoare pestered with corns and who have,at least once a week inviteu an awiuideath from lockjaw or blood poison ar"now told by a uincinnaii auuiunyCOAL is the!king of NatureChief Engineerof the world's progresstoward comfort. For centuries the sun has been storing in the bowels of theearth the heat values wefind in coal. The qualitycoal we sell is impregnatedwith the proper caloric unitsto make a comfortable heat.It is the fuel for your family furnace. 2FOX ridge IHot Stuff iW. C. D0DS0NIourhoi$ LauiMfry,Paris Kentucky.tome mand etim-r.. m . - n 4 t n 'Nntffft I ft tiie rllhlC! a drug called Preezoiie, which theiti,V"VW 'r-tel I will pahand with eood surety, bearing inter- prices matSaid sale will be made upon a credof Uiree ononths, the purchaser or purniiQcorc hpiner renuired to execute4ifand due three months therefrom, saidbond to have the force and effect ot ajudgment, with the privilege to thepurchaser or purchasers to pay thopurchase price in cash.Said sale is made for the purpose oftisfving the judgment of plaintiffsherein, in the sum of One Hundredand Fifty-Four Dollars ($154.00) togother with interest thereon at sixper cent, per annum from November10, 1913, until paid, the costs of thisaatiion, and the expenses incident totiie sale. .,W. F. TALBOTT,Sheriff Bourbon County.0. T. H1NTON,Attorney for Plaintiff.(12-19-26-feb2)You Don't Have.tTo StoopIf You Use aQ A RLAND; and Paper. I will send taU the surroimding tissue or skin.place in Uie city. Call i .v sliall botUe Qf Freezone will cost, (JphlTiet JXcLllQCd phone 374. Office on : verv little at any of the drug stores, wi moment a few drops are applied to JLnv mm of callous the soreness is rHpay this season the nighesi hieved and soon the entire corn or cal-jat have ever been known inilous, root and all, lifts off with the fin-jest at six aer cent, from date of sale. Paris for horse hides, beef hides, sersneqp pen auu iui. , . shrivels the corn orI will also pay me mgii est murwj 'icallous without inflammation or irri-price ior itags ana jrapeiafter it anyby CumberlandEighth Street.(20-oct-lyr) MAX MUNICHNOTICE.but will positively rid ones ieet oieery hard or soft corn or hardenedcallous. If your druggist hasn't any! Freezone he can get it at any wholn-' sale drug house for you. (adv)iNEW DAILY PAPERAT MIDDLtbtJUKUftnHH' oSRHBHHHHLA '1 WL0 wD fcllllll ! ! ! ! ! ! 'I ! ! !' ! 'I ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! i I1HI1IIIIIIKHtGivls and womencan joir 6uM&SBainciniAll persons having claims against;i. nnfnfn rtP TU "P Arr1frv will TlpSfprove same and mail them to the un-I The Daily Pinnacle News made its.'inT-ofimfld. (first appearance at juiuuibsuihu, iu .o(3-tf)W. B. ARDERY,Administrator.POR RENT!We have for rent the following desirable property:A second floor suite of three rooms fronting on Broadway,formerly occupied by Dr. Petree. Water, gas and electric lights.Suitable for offices or light housekeeping.r Two rooms on second floor adjoining the above building.A nice five-room cottage on Scott Avenue.Two small cottages on Washington Street. iFor information, etc., apply toMcCLURE & DONALDSON, Agents,(dec29-tf) ' Second Floor First National Bank Building.fircf nnnefirllw. -!- ,,., 1 ,day. The Daily News was puunsiipu ithere early in the '90s when Middles-1boro was first boomed, and during uepnmher. 1912. when H. C. Chappell was! publishing the Thousand Sticks therejhe had a daily paper, but the adverI tising was not sufficient for it to con-linue. As general conditions are uei-ter there at the ;pi esent time, pros-jpects for the venture are oeuerTHE GIST OF IT."Last December I had a very severe icold and was nearly down sick in bed.I bought two bottles of Chataberlain'sCough Remedy and it was only a verytew days until I was restored tohealth," writes O. J. Metcalf, Weath-erbv. Mo. If you would know the value i.of this remedy, ask any one who has nqf1' 4C, f laltxnirin Ta'used it. Obtainable everywhere. f 3081135 ff Ei6ClnC WO.'- laav-janjCome in, ask about it.Cjtji.t4tA beautiful line of Garlands on display. Come in an'd look them over.Yes, GIRLS or WOMEN, BOYS or MEN can join.The plan is this: Come in and get a "ChristmasBanking Club" book FREE. It costs nothing to join. Deposit 5 or 10 cents or 1 or 2 cents for the first week; thenincrease your deposit the same amount each week.In fifty weeks:1-cent club pays $12.752cent club pa3's $ 25.505-cent club pays $ 63.7510-cent club pays $127.50You can put in $1.00 or $2.00 or $5.00 each week, andin 50 weeks have $50 or $100 or $250.WE ADD 3 PER CENT. INTEREST! .You can start TO-DAY-START.Deposit and Peoples Bank1"H''H' t tt f t H H'"1 . tFAGE FOURTHE BOURBON NEWS, PARIS, KY.- rt " - FRIDAY, JANUAirr It, HIT. . .rf &J H 4uPAUlS BOWLING LEAGUE.Tke Furdham team came out victo-.Tksme over the R, P. Walsh team 'Teday night in the gane played inAa T)dx T...1I.. X 'tfePm Bowline League series at .Fordii&m Alleys. Duncan rolled!thethe highest score of the series, scoringlip 200 in the third game. For the-aaani team Jones maoe tne nignscore, i-olling up 189 in the second,5me. ltiomas oeing secona witn 1&2 Squires. The Womans' Society willi the first game. For the Walsh team meet in the church parlors at 2:30Duncan was high man, with 200 to his o'clock Tuesdav afternoon,credit in the third, game, followed for , Communion services will be heldsecond' honors by Duncan with 175 in at the court house Sunday morning forthe first game. The gaanes were wit- the members of the Presbyterian confessed by & large Mimber of specta-. gregation, conducted by Rev. J. Gravtors, and tiie interest in the contests McAllister, of Louisville. Sundayseqtn to be unabated. The score oilTuesday's game follows:FORDHAM1Jo&es 149Swear&ngen 157Determ&n 144Kane 149Thomas 18218914615S131142103147Totals 781R. P. WALSH1Hill ,...127Huffman j 116Engleman S6Douglass 122Duncan 175766 7373134144135103100109165612Totals 626Fordliams Totals.2284R. P. Walsh Totals 1966Fordham Majority.318SOME COLD SPOT.Mr. J. S. Hudnall, of near Shakspeare, returned Tuesday night from aten-days' stay in Detroit. Mich, wlieiehe had been taking a special courseof instruction in automobile work 1:1one of the big auto factories. Mr.Hudnall said that when he left Detroitthe mercury in thermometers register! -f-wrpnfv rlpfrrppe liolnw 7Prn mul t.hi fground was covered with fifteen inchesof snow. He saw ice 36 inches thicKcut from a big lake owned by one otthe Detroit ice companies, a. big gasoline engine being employed for the t They ask the mothers and friends ofpurpose, operating a set of ice plows j the children for sheeting 2 yardsand saws. Shipping in the harbor wa long, pillow slips one yard wide anlcovered with ice and lake navigation (one yard long, also towels, dresseras practically closed, on account of j scarfs, table covers, window curtains,the ice, snow and the intense cohl. , napkins, table cloths, or any articlesMr. Hudnall went out one night with 'suitable for a girl's room. The dormia party of merryjmakers on an ice-'tory was destroyed by fire some timeyachting expedition and came back I ago. some of the girls barely escapingnearly frozen.HEALTHY FOR THIS UNDERTAKER(Rochester Democrat-Chronicle.) !Paris, Ky., has proved a healthv (place for one undertaker. He has beenin business thre for a (period of seventy-fouryears. He claims the recoilfor his native State and believes hehas something on every other under -taker m the United States in point ofduration of srevice. It is likely thatne nouis a, nuuouui recoru. obvii-i1)011 countv an exceptionallyfour years is a pretty good lifetime m, epicurean retreat, conductedlujeu, aim mat leugui ul uims m " -tinuous service m any line of activiUiS UnUSUal. Whether Paris IS tO OPcongratulated upon this mark of dis-'.jjj )e ever cQujucted solely on ics Hundred Dollars (100.00.) The sale :stinction depends upon a number of 311erits, and whom the motto is ever (further made for the purpose of prothings. It is evidenUy a congenial QUalitv, Not Quantity. viding means of sunport for the deplace for undertakers, at least for one. We b some je C01isjdered rath-1 fendant, Uie property being adjudgedWhether it is as salubrious for those nr fnr rln, tftwn hnf nq : thftiiRtnm.j.M0.Ma4- rtltm niwlnrtolroro orwlflY iVlCfc lnot, iwui uuuv-.w.o xvuv .v, -.service is a mau.er buujeuL iu ihoui.,KENTUCKY CPS m 1916VALUED AT 219,821,000, , A . ,is.entucKys sianumg as uil ugnuui-tural SUte jumped from twenty-fifU 1)e breakfast, 6:30 to 9 a. m.; dinnerto twentieth, position last year accord- 11;30 a m t0 1:30 p. m.; supper. Suning to a report issued by the federal dav includedf 5:30 to 7:30 ,o. m.Department of Agriculture. In 1915,the total value of Kentucky's agricultural products was $147,004,000. For1916 the total value of crops was$219,821,000. TJie rate of increase invalue of agricultural products isgreater than that of any neighborState except Tennessee, which jumpedfrom twenty-sixth to nineteenth placeIndiana rose from eleventh, to nineteenth place. Indiana rose frqin eleventh, to ninth place; Missouri fell fromninth to fourteenth; Virginia stoodstill, and West Virginia sank one pointin the relative standing of States, asdid Illinois.JIMMIE VIOX SOLD TOKANSAS CITY CLUB.The Pittsburg baseball club has soldJimmie Viox, the .premier shortstopot the one-time Bluegrass League, tothe Kansas City team in the WesternLeague. Viox had contemplated retiring from the baseball game, havingpurchased a faifm near Lexington, onwhich he and his wife, formerly MissNellie Lovely, of Paris, had intendedestablishing a poultry business.THANKSGood neonle for your most liberaljwirtohage during Christmas.HListen!We have lots of toys and Christmasthings left and will make you specialprices on anything and everything inthe holiday line.One-half price on lots ot things that-we do not want to carry over.Yours truly,iEC. P. MANN, Mnafr.PRRAGKETSTORRELIGIOUS.. Tw w w w w w ZJLZ wTtm nhricfinn Tiinfioami. sniinK- .' the Christian churcji will meet in thechurch parlors at 6:00 o'clock Sundayevening. The subject will be "SeeingGood In Others " leader. Miss Loisschool at 9:30 a. in. Christian EnI i ir i .nn .. T-iueavor meeung at o:ou p. an. eveningcnnnVoo :it 1 00 ti m nnnrliintarl nv, .,. ..v..j u. . v. i..., Ua.UUUi.v,u ujRev. McAllister.The regular monthly literary andsocial meeting of the Paris Enworth100 League was held last night at the142ji,cjlie of Mr. and Mrs. S. T. Chipley,!S0 on South Main street, at 7:30, o'clock. The prayer meeting topicI for the next meeting -of the League, onSunday, January 21, is "Seeing GoodIn Others." Miss Sarah Power, leader.An all-day meeting was 'held in tnenarlors of the Bantist church Tuesdayjjy.uy tne womans Missionary bociety ori-i'the church. The ladies spent the day20') ! in making garments for the needy" children of the Baptist Sunday school723 J Thov nlsn lipid another nipetinir for thesame purpose yesterday at the sameplace.A training class for teachers has re-'cently been oraginzed for the Sunday!J School of the Paris Methodist church,. with a membership of sixteen. Thofirst meeting of the class was held inthe nastor's study at the church Wed -nesday night. The book which will beused in the training class is "The Pupil, the Teacher and the School," thisbeing one of the standard trainingcourses.The Mission Circle Girls of theChristian church are to have an "alloay" sewing at the oliurch on Febru-ary 6, to make articles for the bo.c i conveyed to Mrs. II. E. Wilkins bywhich the Dorcas Hutchcraft Banijdeed recorded in Deed Book 97, pagehopes to send to the Hazel Green 6. in the Bourbon County Court Clerk'sI Girls' Dormitory, at Hazel Green, Ky,with their lives and very little clothing.CROSDALE'S OPENING.Mr. a" 1 "'-. f'rosdale, having nearly, completed their new establishment inthe Highland building, on Main street,mlinfnmf tbp Windsor Hntpl will nnp.ithe same to the publ5c on Sunday, Jan.:21 wi(Jl a 5:30 jn dinner at 50cWefliave spared no pains in our efforts, -Vfi tn fno npnniA nf Pnrie nmi Tnurinviting011 thei popular American plan, where ladiesand gentiemen can be most acceptablynntprfninp.l -. thpir PstnhHslimnn-I. . ... - ..... .,m all arge cities, so should it be idrariSf tliat "particular" peopleifhp nlnr.p. nnt t3ip lnnatinn.seekI Car(1 parties can be entertained inprivate select apartments upon due.notice and entertainments and specialsnpp,nllv riifnrpA tn. Mnnl .hours willWe wish in conclusion to say thatwe fully appreciate the confidence andsupport given us in the past and thatthe sajne will in no wise be betrayedwe can assure you in the future.MR. AND MRS. CROSDALE.CARLISLE MERCURY CELEBRATESFIFTIETH ANNIVERSARY.The Carlisle Mercury, one of thomost valued of our exchanges, reachedthe half-century mark last Friday. TheMercury piade its first appearance inthe newspaper field on January 12.1867, at the subscription price of twodollars per year. Its first editor wasMr. W. R. Anno, a young man in histeens, a native of Brown County, OTimes were hard and jmoney scarce,and the ambitious young editor putup the argument that the paper would"have nice wide margins on which thechildren could work their examples after the elders ihad read the news."The paper was first .printed on aWashington hand press, and was ahhome print, seven columns and fourpages. Since then it has changedhands many times and has undergonemany other changes. It was destroyed!by fire in 1873.fire in 1873 In 1882 the paper wu;cotton mul t Wm n whaley tlr.faliased by Green R Keller, who hau !f paris for an average oC about $177purpreviously been publishing a small paper called the Saturday Night, in theroom now occupied by Curtis & Snapyas a barber shop, in Paris. Mr. Keller'edited the Mercury until bis death, onSeptember 18, 1912. After that it wastaken over by his son, Mr. StanleyKeller, and a few months ago was soldto Mr. Warren Fisher, the present editor, it later being consolidated withthe Nicholas County Advocate, edite'land published by Mr. James TiltonLong may the Mercury live.REAL ESTATE DEALS.Mr. John Elam purchased of Mr&.Thos. Boaz a small frame cottage onWest Nineteenth street, for a privateprice. Mr. John Endicott recently sold ja one-story frame cottage on tne samestreet to Mr. E. C. Gregg at a price notgiven out.SALE POSTPONED.The sale of stock, crop, farming im-,plements, etc., of Mr. H. H. 'Kriegel,scheduled for an earlier date at thefarm on the Georgetown pike, will heheld to-morrow. The sale had beenpostponed once before on account ofbad weather.WANTED.To buy 50 old roosters. Apply toOWSLEY & HARRIS,(lfc) Phone, 226.Master's Sale.BOURBON CIRCUIT COURT,nenosit inrt PpoiiWDeP0Slt ana CopiesBank... PlaintiffVs. Notice of Sale.Mrs. H. E. Wilkins, Etc. . .DefendantsUnder and by virtue of a judgmentand order of sale entered at the No-vember term; 1916, of the Bourbon Ciri.. .... . . .ptiif ('niirr in r ip jiivavp ctvloM notion41 . ,. .. .' uclm nuu."s- - unuuraisiieii iuhs-, Lei -oiwer, onMonday, February 5, 1917,at the front door of the Court House, jJ in Paris, Kentucky, about the hour ofll o'clock a. m., will sell at public'mmtirm tn. i.io i,iri,Qof o,i i,of i,;,i.der the followIng described propertylA certain lot situated on BrentStreet, ill the Citv of Paris. BourhonCounty, Kentucky, and designated onthe Plat of the Fair Grounds Additionto the City of Paris, Ky.. as Lot No.22, and more fully described as fol-lows: Said lot fronts fifty-five (55)' feet on Brent Street, and is seventy( 0) teet in width m rear along the L.i& N. R. R., and north line of sameone hundred and twelve and seventyhundredths (112.70) feet in length, andthe south line is one hundred twentj--oneand five-tenths (121.5) feet inlength, and is part of the same property conveyed to first (J. M. Brennanand Clifton Arnsparger) by J. D. McClintock and R. B. Hutch craft, andoffice, and towhich particular refer-ence is hiade.Said sale will be made upon thocredits of six and twelve months, thopurchaser or purchasers being required to execute bonds with good suretyto be approved by said Commissioner,due six and twelve months from dateof sale respectively, and bearing interest at the rate of six per cent, .per annum from date of sale until paid, saidbonds to have the iorce and effect ofjudgments, with a lien retained on theproperty sold to further secure theirpayment.Said sale is made for the purpose ofsatisfying the mortgage debt of theplaintiff bank in the sum of OneThousand Dollars ($1,000.00), togetherlWith interest thereon from the 28thflov of TTohninrv 101 until rn?rl ntiV(V.WJ V.. .1 V,IS1 UU.J, ..r, ........ "l "..the costs of this suit, and of this sale,estimated as of the date of sale at OneoT. HINTON, M. C. B. C. C.E M Dickson, Attorney for Plaintiff.(janl9-26-feb2),BIRTHS.To the wife of Mr. Edgar Sousley,at their home on Cpress street, in this I if.city, Monday .morning, a ten-jwunddaughter. Mrs. Sousley was formerlyMiss Hattie Stipp, of near ClintonvilleThe new arrival has been christenedRebecca Darnaby Sousley.AGENT WANTED.Twenty-five dollars week straightsalary to man with rig t6s introducePoultry Remedies. Pay every week.Experience unnecessary.EUREKA MFG. CO.,(19-2t) East St. Louis, III.STOCK, CROP, ETC.A Paris firm recently purchased1.300 bushels of wheat from a Bourboncounty grower for $1.90 per bushel.Cay wood. Smith & McClintock, ofParis, sold a car load of 19 Jiead ofper head. Mr. Whaley shipped thomules South.B. F. Skillman, of Bourbon, sold25 head of ho;s to James Robbins, at9 cents per pound. Albert O'Rear alsosold ri head of hogs to Mr. Robbins,at 8& cents per pound.PLAT OF FAIR GROUNDSBUILDING SITES.The plat of the Fair Grounds, onSouth Main street, will be completedand ready for inspection about January15, and can be seen at the Deposit &Peoples Bank. These grounds will becut into desirable and roomy acretracts and are to be placed on saleFebruary 3.This is the most desirable tract ofland around Paris for suburban homes,and no doubt will find a ready sale toBourbon people.For full particulars call on theundersigned,WILDER, CAYWOOD & GOREY,(lOjan-td) Paris, Ky.PURCHASES OLD HOME.The old family home of the late Mr.William M. Hinton, on Main street,i between Eleventh arid Twelfth, streets,has been purchased by his son, Mr. C.I County Y. M. C. A., who will movejfrom his present home to the property'this week fo reside in the future.Master's Sale!BOURBON CIRCUIT COURT.Mary E. Stevens, Etc., PlaintiffVs. Notice of Sale.Henry Clark, Etc DefendantUnder and by virtue of a judgmentand order of sale rendered at the November term, 1916, of the BourbonCircuit Court, in the above styled action therein pending, the undersignedMaster Commissioner, onMonday, February 5, 1917,!at tne front door of the Court House,m "ans. Kentucky, at about the hourof 11 o'clock a. an., will snll nt nnhlio.auction to the highest and best bidder,the following described property:Situated in said city (North Middletown, Bourbon County, Kentucky), onthe west side of Main street, on thoMt. Sterling turnpike and bounded asfollows: Commencing at Main street,running south with the east line otThomas J. Judy's lot to where it intersects the north boundary line of Jos.Fithian and running with it east to theMt. Sterling Turnpike; thence nortnto Main street; thence to the northeast corner to Thomas J. Judy's lot,to the beginning.Said sale will be made upon thocredits of six and twelve months, thepurchaser or purchasers being required to execute bonds with good suretyto be approved by said CcTimissioner,bearing interest at tlje rate of six percent ,per annum fio)n date of sale untilpaid, and having the force and effectof judgments.Said sale is made for the purpose ofpaying the debts of settling decedent'sestate.O. T. HINTON,Master Commissioner Bourbon CircuitCourt.(Janl9-26-Feb2.)SUNSTRUCK! MERCURY 20 DEGREES BELOW ZERO! MERCY!Walter McKenzie, Chicago travelingman, is recovering from a sunstrokesuffered at Virginia, Minnesota, whilethe mercury was at 20 degrees belowzero. McKenzie took a nap in a hotelchair. The sun focused on his facethrough a tihick plate-glass winodw.and c lerks were unable to arouse him.Physicians revived him after severalhours and ascribed his condition to thesun's rays.!! 'M-M .M- i-HuH ,x ,; it,l.....4.ii..l..i.4.4.4.4M.4.MHM'i''I"I"I"I -JLlUOMBMt!ON DECEMBER 1stThe business of Pricbard & Ballwas taken over byG. S. BALLwho will conduct said business in thefuture. All parties knowing themselves indebted to the above firm willPlease Call and Settle !PRICH ARE &,B ALL' Corner Fourth and Pleasant StreetsBoth Phones 66t n i n i t f 'tu !" if '' -Ij rv ISPECIAL SALETHIS IVIOINTM ONHEATING AND COOK STOVESAND RANGESIpyTUsbavethep-enceradinqWitKCT ll.l com-"-'""' T I'llandDiethat saves your coal bill, with a bigrreduction in price -for the month ofJanuary. These heaters will last -foryears, so buy now while the prices areso low.A. F. Wheeler C& Co.CHAS. GREEN, Mgr."" fc..fcMfcAt fiiimiiiiHimnifLittleEachWeekWillSoonPayFor OneOf OurHeatersCookStovesandRanges!I0pp. Court House'lMl..i..:.4.N ''PARIS, KENTUCKY4H I"'rVit-rl.Jk.' '$.Nvr?FRIDAY, JANUARY 19, 1011PAGEITYlrTHEJBOURBON NEWS, PARIS, KY.IrtII0FOR THE BESTNOTHING ELSESOCIAL AND PERSONAL.Comings and Goings of OurPeople Here, There andElsewhere., ' TO OUR SUBSCRIBERS.IAs -is our usual custom, we are sending out this week statements to oursubscribers who are in arrears on theirsubscriptions, and trust they will ap-preciaie our sianu m wie matter.TVTi W TJ Tl!oT.-Q'r'irr'Q ?c? nliln In li Tlllf tn flip llicrli zirict nf nnnor otwIat his place of business after a shoi t. the apparent ccjmbination among paper;siege of the grippe. manufacturers to maintain that price,c-rrr-i ur. i-i. M. Hamilton lias returncl me cost, oi conducting a nrst-ciasso i wii from Eutah, Alabama, where he was paper like THE NEWS has advancedcalled on professional business. to a point where the situation has be-ATvo WiHiotii rP TliirtL-riaT. iVir lio.- fnmp n orinim rno Tho vouult ic "COitOfl oCCCl Meal, Mill been in paor health for scftie time, is :, are actually losing money on suhscripFced, OatS, CloVCr and Tim uest ()f friends and relatives in Paris tions. To offset this and strike a bal-i -. istr-i-h vi - i- n ii -- t 1 n - run n r vr ninriTiTi tr nur iicr niii i uothy Seeds.C S. BRENT & BRO.rtill marl-F)&HELD SEEDS ANDFEED.Cotton Seed Meal,PASTOR'S AID SOCIETY.-Airs nnhprf fino-in nf tho Mntol nil p.p. vp. ATP plpnrirur nnr list, niul ln"k'Lancaster, Georgetown, is visiting her ing off all "dead" material,mother, Mrs. S. M. Wilmoth, on Hous We ask our subscribers to give courj ton avenue. teous attention to the statement of ac-Mr. Wm. ChishoUn has gone to count rendered them. If there is a disjWauchula, Florida, with his aunt, Mrs crepancy, let us know and we will seej Henry Fuhrman, to spend the remain- that the matter is adjusted. If there.cier or line winter montns. is someuiing uue us we wum uppie-The Pastor's Aid Society of the Pres- Ir- us Schnurmann has returned ciate a prompt settlement. Let usbyterian church will hold an all-day from Rochester, New York, where he hear from you. We have no objections-meeting at the manse on next Tues- accompanied the remains of his wife whatever to receiving scjme of the newday, January 23. As this will be the for burJal il1 tne Rochester Cemetery, ly-minted coins. So, come one, comafirst meeting of the Society for the Mrs- Victor K. Shipp, formery of all.new vear, it is earnestlv requested raws, nu iu xl ui nume m matliat there will be a lull attendance of homa cit'' 0kla" recently, sustained aVie members. fractured ankle, is reported as navinANNOUNCINGCLEAN SNOW OFF PAVEMENTS.MARGOLEN'S SPECIALS.considerably iiiiproved. The .police have been given ordersMrs. George K. Redmon, who has to notify all who have not done so tobeen seriously ill at her home on the have the accumulated snow on theirRoad over the list of specials in Jackslown pike for several week's, nas siuewaiKs removeu ai once, xue itjKr-olen'S advertisement TheV ofter been removed to the Massie Memorial hands were busy yesterday makingSSfSl" binTTn lastT islue0 Hospital, In this city, for treatment. channel. bf ca"printed by mistake in tOie ad that cai. -Mrs. Sidney Clay and Miss Isabel the melting aters could be cargoods, best grade was 3 for 25c: U Clay, of Lexington, mother and sister eu on. vements that.nould have read 2 for 26c, Also th, -of the late Mr Sidney G Ctay of etoS haf becomeitem of pork chops read 2oe, when it Tans, lett Tuesday foi Wmton L arK. """J: . , . , t ,ienth of nearlyHmnM have been 20e ihe pound. (It) Florida, to spend the rest of the win- Jif ? ld a ?" f ""?, i:RemnantANDanceNow Going OnHUNDREDS OF REMNANTS saved just for thisSale will be offered at prices that will prove most interesting in view of the continued advance of all materials.ClearSaleClearance Sale gf All Odd PiecesSUIT AGAINST PARIS MEN.torMr. S. E. McClanahan will returnto Covington to-morrow. Mr. McClanahan has charge of a force of menare erectniK a large concretefor thMr. Chas. T. Eales. real estate asen( Cvntihiana. has filed a suit in the whoIlarncnn Pniintv Pnnrf nf Pvnthinnn PnnlinfT station-ind Hnrris i-. Rnealres. rpal nsbitt? Xasville at Covington and DecourseyO-"""- liante nf Pnric f7r 59QO irliioh lit nn, vnlinn. "Mnw'e rinnrin(r flllliet,iw ,-"- ', . T-,v, .....v. .- i iiu i uub "-" ""'"'b """ , suet;claims is due hiini as his part of the will give a dance in Varden's Hall, on eakfive inches, and the constant gratinof shovels could he heard on most ofthe residental and business streetsthroughout yesterday, when the accumulation had softened somewhat. Thege concrete roofg oC severai fl10uses sagged danger-LOUlSVllle CC , . i,Q Ai'io-lif nf thp hpn.Vv'packed snow, and one' stable on Highstreet almost collapsed yesteruay.s from overuurueneu rouis uumOFSILKS, DRESS GOODS,WASH and WHITE GOODSmmUcinn in n. Innrl salp. in whifth i nvnnino- rf Thnrctlnv Jnnnarv 2n. ,i no t cororfil rpcirlpnrPK. andvvumiwmw. - ---- ..VT --- -- I i m ut iiiiJK mk. - jvm. - w--m.- . ;ii:t'ii i uuiun in o- x j.-..-ww?Elijah Carr purchased, through Harris Music for the dancers will be furnish- j worst is yet to come, when a real thas'SDeakes. tiie Vmiont farm, in Bou- n. i,v .Tapkf.on's SaxoDhone Trio. Thebon county. young men are expecting a large crowdand an enjoyable dance.STORE TO CLOSE AT 5 O'CLOCK. f Rev. George H. Harris, rector ofSL Peter's Episcopal church, of Paris,During the mouths of Januarv and was in Cynthiana yesterday, where heFebruarv our store will close every conducted luneral services over the rec veiling at 5 o'clock execept Satur- mains of Mr. T. Lloyd Thompson, whodays. This is to let our clerks have died at his home near Cynthiana, Tucson's hour off during the winter months, day afternoon of cancer of tihe stomLet us have vour orders before 5 p. m. ach.SIMON" DEPARTMENT STORE, j Mrs. Julian Frank was hostess(16-2t) .Wednesday afternoon to the followingwith a sleighing party: Mrs. WilliamqALp POSTPONED .Dudley, Mrs. Robert Frank, Mrs i. Buck-SALE postponed. . Woodfordf Mrs. John Yerkes,. . ,, .,. Miccpc Racliel Wiggins, ElizabetaOn account oi tne severe weuuiui ," ,rtr, ollf1 c nntlpr The uartvi r i. nA fn,v ,ttw.w1c nrniw Crutcher and Ollie liutiei. ine iiart xsets in.A majority of the streets in the business section of the city have beencleaned of the snow, but there is muchyet to be done in that respect. Thesnow has been banked so deeply insome places that it has been almostimpossible for grocery delivery wagonsto make their rounds.FILM COMPANYTO OPERATE HEREFive members of the film companywhich is to operate in this vicinity,making a film representing Alaskanviews are now en route to Paris fromChicago, and will arrive here to-mor-with all their "movie" para.pner-uaii'i ntn Four members ot tne au-vance guard reached here Wednesdaynight and were registered at a locali hotel. They will maKe several uiuus? i? .2. .,C,0'?,f,L?U'rX alter the ride enjoyed lnVt tho rowi-ii, jcwuuj wUfet "j - .: aii nuncconmosed of George Wilder, Henry :. OHCLI' i'S and Edward Oorey. of Paris. -Mrs. J. J Tucker entorta.nedw.tt, ... i i... , on i,oD n Ainimt- of hor home on Miteeiituoiu on voT-rit.Mii '.i .iMiniiii iu. iitio u. iumi "- into i iiibeen nostnoned until Saturday. Feb- street, in honor of her husband, Mr. J . i . jeet o film in au, the majority o:man- 3. Prospective purchasers J. Tucker, Supenntenueiu oi uic i ii u he scenes being enacted on theshould note the change in date, which District of the Metropolitan Life lnsii.-l kg Qf gtouer Creekf near the bigis shown in the display advertisement ance Company and sixtee l ouier , Qn the Marchmont farin Gf Mr.published in this issue of THE NEWS, guests, including the local emplosea iot ctorlton Clay and woodlands adja-1 the office. After the dinner Mi Tuckei lc ag weU ag -n other parts ot: thELKS ENTERTAINED BY was presented by Deputy W. C . MaUi-TOBACCO BOARD OF TRADE ews with a leather chan, the gut oi . actorsM who will take part u." . the office force. The S" the scenes are all experienced inTho Paris Tobacco Board of Trade, on the occasion were: W. B.J una"' inovie Work and have for the most.Z-"rbanTivpnrth. of Corbin; L. C. Reynolds, of Mays- encaged in making WildcwnpusBuwiiuc ... ,"-: ,-ni- w C. Matthews, C. hi. wnsoii. '-- -Fnr, t1io mTT1 -nmnanv.----- iv f'vi si'.rnt:ri i.v1 fc,avr xiltli.tli"CURTAINSIn Pair and Two-Pair Lots, to Close Out.MUSLIN UNDERWEAR,Slightly Soiled and Mussed.Final Cut in Prices of AllSUITS, DRESSES and COATSThese are Bargain Days, and wise buyers will do wellto visit our store early.roiHjmacu Vl -"- -r ,. villothree Pans wareuoub uuu "." ";ftl1in piiniiiers. MissUie Paris (markets, were Hosts las- ;?.'"; ATr nnrl Mrs. E. T. Rul:t. .,. rt'lirL- in tiift IlieillUeiS iuuuiw " ---.illUlIL U.L OOCll J vw-- .".The whole company will be at work byto-anorrow, if they can secure enuufcnFRANK & COMPANYS& cfS? rooons on Main street. Mta Ahco K,nB .Mr. . nd the pfcotqplay. Ithe EltEs' Club rooms on Main siree... ""- " .. Harriet Miimlter. Misses.11An elegant menu had been arranged Xackett Mrs Harr ,et i Matth0W3,and there was "a feast of reason ai 3 Lufla v of ,,,.,-ot soul" wliicli lasted late nun ",.. , ... "-."" n ,VVJLlll o-w.-wWHAT! AGAIN?tirti'the night. Toasts were proposed anilesponded to by representatives of thstaJmowi nnsiril of Trade and the ElksLodge, and a genera 1 ?1unrd.cfrt Tllt. Miy Imners seem det-nnln.ltime was had. The .blks wui recipiu - iiaSeball club the comeate at an early date with a dinner u, to gne Pans a baseball ciuuu nootri .if Trade men. ib faedsuu. vv ., ' 4:, ;.,B!C-----ROBT. E. LEE'S BIRTHDAY.i i,oon nrintpd from tiane to time inthe sporting pages of the dailies. Tdv; jlatest is the one from the Cincinnati,the Times-Star, which is close to the foun-,. : ,. nfwThof liobU a iSTSlch will be min-Lead of inforniaUon:SL,rbv the .members of Riclmri "Paris. Ky- w.ll likelyCounty Court house. S8??"?,tpf Wiedemann team, whoA special program na u. p-h- rlriauaged the Paris team inSdernrrptvLo4.. s sua- - ----,io was a faithful follower of the city ixinrton. Cynthi-famous Southern chieftain, me inem- il "'. wi W;nohester and-- M V1 AV I .Mill l'fllllt II. ---The J. T. flinton Co,$15for this genuineVictor-VictrolallilllUUSi ouuuivm ,bers of the John H. Morgan uanp. ana 'e Central KentuckyfrnitPd Confederate Veterans, and the Pans will form the itenmu;Tun r.,,ards. the children's aux- section ol uie " "" o allfl ntl. .M6KsssMarSP- ,whicAi win ui oilier tuuii i -----pe U U 1 11 Chonor guestsi. j li ovorpiRPSbeld in the Confederate 'room in thecourt house at 1:30 this afternoon.POOL TOURNAMENT.READ MARGOLEN'S SPECIALS.In addition to the basket ball, bowl-i M,o,- cnnrrinff events gottennead the specials oITared ,M. .wee, Vor tbe amusenient ot Jar people.-'-".Vsue 'duS to c, at'tire N. A Moore pool room Ii"'-' M"- ti;o ninj rue coniebu ui oi" --tracting spectators eacli i night Theprize will be awaraeu 10 "7.";TRAINS LATE.ZTTInio & Nash bavins the largest pereentaee at th)l?:lZ S been late ar- conclusion of tneuie inroufcii- . ,series ol gauiua1 late ar- conuu.-" - - - - f p bme uirjub"- . .,. nni,i whicll Close uue iu.u.- f-- -..,-.. -1 ,imh n? since the coia uw-u w .. frames.napkin, dSTto the -0 ;enli. aoe ofand uncertain time at connwUng piay including last nightspoints. The through travel to Florida wona j, follows:and other Southern POboun Monday. Jan. 15-Elgin 100, Davis,very heavy, the through ' eJ auesday. Jan. 16-James, 100;trains being crowded with Passe" 63; Wednesday, Jan. 1,--seeking quick transit to the land o. Dunca 4g Last nightssunshine and Howers. ' s between Elgin and Link,As an evidence of the j heavy tra &ent to presS too early toon the Louisville and f'X. the result. No games will beto the cold weather and the South- earn tne and hedbound trafllclmay be cited the fact th pgjed Mtjnday mght.Southbound train No. .w, on " . . --and Wednesday had to hp run in ttree Ks TQ CLEARsecUons, each being a douhle4ieader fak r FEDERAL RESERVEoThere were .elevwcars m one train ..,. mton in another ana umc -- r'i,ori.-s frota Paris DauKs i" -AU were "filled to the limit with pas- ChwJJ0 Federal Reservesongers en route South. . " k of Cleveland, Ohio, and St.Local passengers on tne NorUiboi id Banra. o districts Keu-LoSle & NashvlUe tratnl from W Lo. isMn'cluded and divided TlioChester due in Paris at 3.12 Tuesi uay vwu the list are uie De-afternoon, were compelled to vk to banks n Bourbon.Alcuithe TentJi Street l"611,8 ySdS' tural Bank & Trust Company, and thecoal chute in Uie Souto Paris yarns. Lur Traders' Bank, also thecoal chute in Uie South Paris ea rd g6 Bank, which is a memNo dstoage xas done and no one as iurstf Reserve system.hurt by the drai'-Yes sir, aVictor-Yictrola for 15.Hardlv seems possible,and yet this new instrument embraces all thefundamental VictorVictrola principles.And the u n equaled 'Victor-Victrola tone jthat's the most importantthing oi all. hCome in today and j,hear it no obligation i;on your part, but youwon't want to do withoutone.Other styles $25 to $300.Victors $10 to $100. liayterms if desired. .T AK EADVANTACEOF THEBIG BARSAINSWe Are ShowingIN O UR WINDO WSYou Can Get Them JustOitce a Year.33EtTHEJ.T.HINT0NC0.MOTOR HEARSE"E1THERPHONEMOTOR INVALID COACHHE36vSIXTH AND MAIN STS.,w- a-43,v.I1.:aUNDERTAKINGitPAGE SIXTHE BOURBON NEWS, PARIS;, r..FRIDAY, JAMTJARY IS, 1917-yCARLISLE BUSINESS MEN ' IPROMOTING HOSPITAL.THE TOBACCO MARKETS.for $809.64, average $18.67:Turner & Jackson sold 2,415 pounds'INDEPENDENT TUESDAY, JAN. 16 for $441.97, average $18.39.Several of the most prominent bus . The Independent Tobacco Ware- Marsh & Wells sold 2.085 pounds forIness men of Carlisle have taken up house Company held a small sale Tues- $354.27, average $16.99.the question of establishing a hospital day, at their warehouse on South Guy & Ball sold 8,025 pounds forin that city. The feasibility of the Main Street The light sales were due $1,315.57, average $16.29. vproposition has been discussed and to weather conditions, the roads from Havens & Cecil sold 4,355 pounds forseveral hospitals in Central Kentucky throughout the county beingnearly im- $664.18, average $15.27."Will be visited within the next ie' passable as a result of the heavy Johnson & Sears sold 7,235 pounds"weeks before the committee, whic'i snows. A)t the sales yesterday, only for $1,217.15, average $16.82.vas appointed to look into the matter. 23.S00 pounds of the weed was sold, Clay & Toohey Bros, sold 3,370makes its report. most of which was of very poor qual- pounds for $710.22, average $21.07.Citizens who are interested in the ity, but the sale aggregated) $4,200.18, Wright & Mclntyre sold 3,900 poundsproposition are: W. B. Ratliff, C. C. an average of $17.65, which was mo3t for $743.90, average $19.07.Ratliff, H. B. Campbell, E. O. Dorsey. satisfactory to the growers. The mar- vWilliam Conley, S. T. Howe, W. R ket continues strong. A few crop REAL ESTATE TRANSFERS.Tune, C. C. Cole, James P. Tune, averages were reported as follows:Judge William Oonley, John N. Ross j Houston & Thomas sold 3,860 .pound-i ' The following real estate transfersfor $682.19, an average of $17.67 per have been lodged with County Clerkhundred pounds. Pearce Paton for record in his office:Clark & Orme sold 2,385 pounds for , P x Millett's executors to Wm. H.$501.57, an average of $21.03 per liun- Wnaiey, Jr., 328 acres of land on theCLIMBED STAIRSON HER 'HANDS!Too III to Walk Upright OperationAdvised. Saved by Lydia E.Pinkham's Vegetable Compound.twin Bros. Department Storeand I. B. Ross.,dred pounds.. EATING A PLEASURE-wiien you have a normal appetit- ,,. .-... ll..t Al.liuoss or appeuie muicaies iim, lius (S special advertisement of hide- ormivalent to cashstnmanh dp: ir ho HoailPfl. sweet-' , .x ' n , CCUm aieilt lO casil.w. - -- , - --- penuent, on page uiree.;eneu, anu suniuiaieutlon.Jacksonville pike. Price $57,449.21,to healthy ac-flfruiti,TUE3-! BOURBON WAREHOUSEDAY JAN. 16.The Bourbon Tobacco WarehouseCompany (consolidated) on Tuesday;old 45,735 pounds for $7,943.24, aver.age $17.36.Some of the averages are as follows:Josephine Alexander to Mrs. Ella A.Ardery, house and tot on Stoner Avenue.' Price $1, etc.Leona Ford, etc., to Geo. H. Marrs,37 acres of land in Brittontown. Price$1, etc.Edwards, Harris &. Speakes to M. C.Swinford, house and lot on CypressTONIC DIGESTIVEits sold for this numose and sruaran.! Florence & Taekett sold 4.140 noundd Street. Price $2,725teed to give relief. Sold only by us, for $767.52, average $18.53. ' John Steuart, etc., to James Whaley,$1.00. I Gillispie & Hutchinson sold 4,SflO 36.94 acres of land on the Ford's MillOBERDORFER,The Druggist, Paris, Ky.jpcunds for $760.62, average $15.55.Houston & Jones sold 4,335 pounds"Toss of a Coin"NOW GOING ONUnheard-of Bargains InMen's and Boys'Suits and OvercoatsShoes, Jfcatsand J?urnishincsSaleHarrison Walter, aged 74, of Philadelphia, has completed forty years ofservice as a public school teacher.PAINFUL COUGHS RELIEVED.SDon't Miss This Scire? JjSavethe Difference!"TWIN BR0S.Clothing and Shoe Dept.L. Wollstein, Prop.pike. Price $1, etc.Mrs. Sallie Bedford Hedges to hergranddaughter, Mr3. Mary Clay Grimes,, house and lot on Duncan Avenue.Consideration, love and affection., Li. A. Soper to Thos. Crooks, houseand lot in Little Rock. Price $250.Vince Shores to Maria Shores,house and lot in Brooks Addition.Price $200.Laura Kiser to T. N. Keller 14.25acres of land near Kiserton. Price$1,068.75.W. O. Butler to Jennie Howard, lotin Claysville. Price $75.' Mollie Snodgrass, etc., to" LavinaVimont, S acres of land on HinkstonCreek. Price $271.60.i Frank Cooper to Aanabelle Shipp, interest in lot at Clintonville. Price$25.i John P. Auxier to Alva Barnett, lotin Millersburg. Price $150.R. H. Herod, etc., to A. J. Thaxton,loft near Millersburg. Price $150.I John Current to Willie Snapp, 2Zacres of land on the Shawhan & Ruddles' Mills pike. Price $1, etc.Sue Folds to Albert Bacon, house ani ilot in Rassenfoss Addition. Price $1,etc.B. F. Harris' heirs to Mrs. Ella Harris, house and two lots on PleasantStreet. Price $4,500. A GOOD INVESTMENTJ. T. Hinton to Stuart & O'Brien, says M. D. Reynolds, Madison, Wis...house and ground at the corner of who states: "I had rheumatism nineEighth and Main Streets. Price $1, teen years; used three boxes ofj Dorcas A. Hutchcraft to C. M.j Thomas, portion of cliff land on Houston Avenue. Price $1, etc.j James L. Shanks to Henry Langfels,ilO acres of land on Ruddles Mills pike.(Price $3,100.Emily Plummer to C. M. Plummer, jThis woman now raises chickens anddoes manual labor. Read her story:Richmond, Ind. "For two years Iwas so sick and weak with troublesfrom my age thatwhen going upstairs I had to govery slowly withmy hands on thesteps, then sit downat the top to rest.The doctor said hethought I shouldhave an operation,and my friendsthought I would notlive to move intoour new house. Mydaughter asked meto try Lydia E. Pinkham's VegetableCompound as she had taken it with goodresults. I did so, my weakness disappeared, I gained in strength, movedinto our new home, did all kinds ofgarden work, shoveled dirt, did building and cement work, and raised hundreds of chickens and ducks. I cannot say enough in praise of Lydia E.Pinkham's Vegetable Compound andif these facts are useful you may publish them for the benefit of otherwomen." Mrs. M. O. Johnston, RouteD, Box 190, Richmond, Ind.SeventftFana main $t$.Paris, Kentucky- GREAT REDUCTIONSjjiHIl1 . i, A-:uJL OnJLadies andChildren's .Suits, Cloaks,' Skirts,Waists, Etc.rxTwin Bros, flep't StoreMfMWMMtttHmHDr. King's New Discovery is a soothing, healing remedy for coughs andcolds that has stood the test of nearlyfifty years. For Uiat cough that strainsthe thread jid saps the vitality, tryDr. King's JT&7r Discovery. The soothing pine balsams and mild laxative ingredients aeon drive the cold from thesystem. Have a hottle on hand forwinter colds, croup, grippe and bronchial affections. At your Druggist, 50c.(adv-jan)Service First!Jl3EI2EE3rTRADE MARKRHEUMATIC POWDERSsmall tract of land on the Clintonville and have thrown away crutches." Youpike. Price $1, etc. can afford to try them. Sold only byAllen Kiser, etc., to Laura Kiser, us, .10c and $1.00. i17.73 acres of land near Kiserton. , OBERDORFER,', Price $1, etc. The Druggist, Paris, Ky. jThe City has added a nevr Fire Truckto its equipment to provide adequate andefficient protection to you.The County has built modern roads forvour convenience, safety and comfort andto provide an efficient means of travel andtransportation.The Home TelephoneCompany has added a new Truck toits equipment, which, with its other two,will provide an efficient means of caring- forthe plant which furnishes modern telephone service.Have you a HOME PHONE? Join themodern procession. Call contract department now.Paris Home Telephone 8 Telegraph Go.(Incorporated)J. J. VEATCH, District Manager.W. H. CANNON, THOMAS K. iAlITH.Equipment Manager. Cashier.LEXINGTON TOBACCO WAREHOUSE CO.INCORPORATED)JAMES C. STONE,President.JOHN L. BUCKLEY, Vice President.T. H. SLATER, Secretary and Treasurer.-r WThe Following Crop Averages at Our Four Sales Houses for Week Ending January 13thShow What Prices We Are Getting for Our CustomersCENTRAL HOUSEPhone 791D. W. SCOTT D. W. RATCLiffManagersLbs. AverageHazeiwood & Allen, Clark Co 3170 $19.37Joe Kelly, Garrard Co 4760 19.08J. M. Burton. Garrard Co. . 960 19.02Burk & Showalter, Scott Co 4775 8.70Scott & Haggard, Clark Co 2190 18.20A. B. Hall, Montgomery Co .2570 20.59Falkoner & Hedges, Bourbon Co. .3625 20.82Mitchell & Taylor, Scott Co. .3830 21.22Sim Kendall, Harrison Co 7240 18.55S. English Anderson Doan. Montgomery County 7410 18.39Watts & Adams, Fayette Co 3110 21.13LEXINGTON HOUSEPhone 3382JOHN L BUCKLEY WALTER JONESGEORGE It BALLARDManagersLb? AverageMarshall & Lee.Scott Co 1,500 $25.57Houston & Duncan, Scott Co 3,215 23.30Whitsell & J ones, Scott Co ..3,540 " 23.60J. L. Buckley & RanFdall, raetteCounty 1,930 22.67Woolums & Nunlev.l'ave te Co.. 2,630 22.09Powell & Watts " . .5,510 20.80Harp & Sallee, Faitte couuty 1,525 20.46McMeekin& Bramblett.Soott Co. 6,960 20.34D. B. Owens, Jessamine Co ..1,940 20.18J. and S. Weil & Vice, Fayette Co4,705 19.63PLANTERS' HOUSEPhone 1704J. LESLIE KNIGHT J. C. STONEManagers.Lbs. AverageFoley & Elkin, Fayette Co 1210 $23.2.i iMrs. L. Noel & Hurt, Garrard Co.. 2160 23.14Oscar Farmer, Garrard Co. ...1350 22.63Mulberry & Wright. Scott Co 6530 22.47Wallace & Ethington, WoodfordCounty 2545 20.73W. C. Hanna. Scott Co 2435 19.81Jim Grimes, Garrard Co 1575 19.06Cole & Bryant, Woodford Co 1740 19.64C. B. Lowen, Jessamine Co 1375 19.80Garnett & Hammons, Scott Co 1065 19.83BROADWAY HOUSEPhone 719CLYDE BUCKLEY WM. FIELDSManagersLbs Averasreli F .7(.!in3on & Hilton, Woodford Co.4,560 $21.84J. E. Harris & Graves, WoodfordI County . 4,670 20.67J T M TWlrl nirh- Pnnntir .1 QX OA rOmar Booth, Monrgompry County. 3,285 20.43Swope & Walling. 'Clsir'x Countv 2.510 20.17H. A. Owens. Sr., WuolfuiJ C 1.S15 19.82McMillan & Murphy. Woodford Cj 3,395 19.62H. A. Owens, Jr., Woodford Co 2,360 19.50L. B. Moore, Garrard Co 4,480 19.46Crutcher & Hayden, Franklin Co.6,060 19.40We Want Your Business on the Way We Look After Your Tobacco. Ask the Man WhoSells With Us We Want Him To Tell YouWE CAN UNLOAD AND SELL YOU ANY DAY YOU GOMEOur Motto Prompt and Efficient Service and Courteous TreatmentI J'-vI1MiFRIDAY, JANUARY 19, 1011THE BOURBON NEWS, PARIS, KT,PAGE SEVENif. K4I ' tightRfi3Jlif B"T u&4&l reaova33lfcA RULER WHO HASA CONSCIENCE.5?aerTalk about light.flu fly. tempting andwholesome Jelly Rolls,Cakes.Biscuitsandothergood thingo! My! witAMSTERDAM, via London, Jan. ISThe Nordeufeche Aligeime Ze'itungpublishes the following autograph toChancellor von. Bethmann Holhveg,dated October 31, 1916:"My Dear Bethmann: 1 have sincebeen turning over -our conversationsthoroughly in my mind. It is clearthat the peoples in the enemy countries, who are kept in hard enduranceof the war by lies and frauds and deluded by fighting and hatred, possessno "men who are able or who have th-sinoral courage to speak the wordwhich will bring relief to propos3peace. What is wanted is a moraldeed to free the world, including neutrals, from the pressure which weighsupon all. For such a deed it is necescary to find a ruler who has a conscience, who ieels that he is responsible to God, who has a heart for hisown people and for those who are hiscnecnies, who is indifferent to any possible willful misinterpretation of hisact, and possesses the will to free theworld from its sufferings."I have the courage. Trusting inGod, 1 will dare to take this step.Please draft notes on these lines andj submit them to me and make all ncc-essarv arrangements without delay.CALUMET, V ji BAKING POWDER L II certainly beats the band Ifor sure results for jfii purity, economy and mA wholesome bakings. ITell your mother to try ftCalumet Baking Pow- ,der on the money-back A (guarantee." fjA. Received Highest Awa-fJ'j MM 1ok AV117 Cttl Etel Frcr Jt tmjm.YiJCTL Stc Sitf in Pcand Can. tKJ u0r MADE BY THE ?&?Numerous ecoiumies are asserted'for a new automobile that can be run'by gasoline or electricity, or a combination of the two.SMILE MIRRORSROBUST HEALTHDayton Man One of Many WhoHave Shaken Off "Grouch."i5 EDW. BURKE, PresidentH. S. CAYWOOD, Vice-Pres."Cheerfulness is the first essential tosuccess in life,' .said the Tanlac Man."Good health is the first essential tocheerfulness."llobust health 'is reflected in nman's face. His smile indicates hi,physical condition just as a gloomylook betrays health worries. Take thefollowing case of a Dayton man:"For mouths Charles Emrick, foreman of the Elias Bach & Sons To-WOMEN OF SEDENTARY HABITS.Women who get little exercise arclikely to be troubled with constipationand indigestion and will find Chamberlain's Tablets highly beneficial. Notso good as a three or four mile walkevery day, but very much better thanto allow the bowels to remain in aconstipated condition. They are easyand pleasant to take and most agreeable in effect. Obtainable everywhere.(adv-jan)Teeth on the lower blade of nevshears enable them to grip heavy materials firmly and cut them smoothly.Cheap and big canBakingPo wders do notj save you money. Calu m et does it's Pu reznd far superior to ccur milk and soda.rrrj f discouraged,W nenyoujeeLconiud, r.voiis, tired, worried or despondent it is asuresignvouneedMOTT'SNERVERINEPILLS: They renew the normal vigor andmake life worth living. Be sure and ask forMott's Nerverine Pills &WILLIAMS MFG. CO . Prep.. CUrelamd, OkloHOW YOU GET SICKSometimes you overload yourstomach with rich foods. Yourlife may be an active one, and thusvou may care for all you eat. Buta. few days of inactivity show yourbystcm does not call lor so much.You awake in the morning: tired.Youi body feels heavy; you knowvou are not up to the mark. Yourdigestion lias not cared for theov. lload. Part of it remains. Itjrenrrates pas that inflames thedelicate lining. They fail to pourout the digestive fluids and neglectto absorb the life-giving elements.You know something is wrong.Your body gets weak, and soonopportunity is offered for some severe illnes.Taken in time, the indigestionwould not become serious. First remove the overload: then soothe thesore mombranes; then build up theweakened body. It's simple to say.but not too easv to do. You need help.A tonic that will quicken digestion, help remove waste, soothe thesoreness and arouse the systemthat's just what you need.Peruna has ay enviable record inthis respect, it has aided manythousands In the last century toovercome just these conditions, andtherebv prevent serious sickness.Tho tablet form is convenientfor regular administration.M n n n 1 1 nTablet arethe ideallixativean 1liiver toni-.They haven o unpleasa n t effectsand formn o habits.10c and 25cThe Peruna Co.Columbus, O.EDW. BURKESAM CLAYJAS. CALDWELLJNO. T. COLLINS, ManagerDirectorsH. S. CAYWOOD ROBT. E. BEATTYA. L. STEPHENSONJ. L. DENTONA. -B. HANCOCKD. W. PEED -LUTHER STIVERS JNO. T. COLLINSC. D. tflLSON S. R. BURRIS .W. M. ROGERSThe BourbonTobacco Warehouse Co.SALES TO DATE 2,613,335 POUNDSAVERAGE $17.75Highest Average for the Season.CHARLES EMRICK.I miro ri)iii);ui.. suffered from variousbodil.x :iehi.s. Sometimes be couldn't,oen feed himself, but that vnt belo.'et l tried Taulae."Mr. Kmriek mi id :Some nights I ached so I had torail a doctor. I Jelt triouchy iiostof the time. In the niosnin I waexhausted Sometimes., when I satdown Jo a meal, 1 couldn't raise myhand up to my mouth, because of achii arms. A friemlad vised me to tryTanlac. It did me lots of jrood. That'swhy I'm advising thers to try it. Ittoned up my whole system aud droviof that grouchy feeling."fTanlac, the master medicine andreconstructive tonic, is sold exclusively in PARIS by Varden & Son.Other exclusive agents in nearbytowns are as follows:HUTCHISON Snell & Wood; MIL'LEIISBURG, W. G. Wadell; ELIZABETH, Oscar Smith; CARLISLE,Turemau. & Son; GEORGETOWN, C.H. Arnold; WINCHESTER, Duty DrugCompany; ATJSTERLITZ, B. S. Parrish. (adv)iA RXKnn! 8)O9)O! 9i 39nhest Price for Single BasKets$54, S55 and $56Obtained at Our Sales of January 12th.niii.iniiiiiiMii mini in in i tri i-viTHIS HOUSE has made the Home Market.THIS HOUSE has secured a Re-dryer for ParisTHIS HOUSE has saved the tobacco growers thousands of dollarsby its refusal to raise the selling fees. The saving on this crop alone toBourbon County will amount to $17,000.THIS HOUSE gives you a Square Deal. u ;THIS HOUSE gets you the High Dollar.! il(uiMMMiattmninTjFyCONSTIPATION AND INDIGESTIONmwzmmml I I 11 111 I 1 1 1 V ! I ! I 1 I I I ' !' I I I H I H W''"M ' ';4 ..w .. , ..niia i tirir"I have used Chamberlain's Tablets'and must say they are the best Ihave ever used for constipation andindigestion. My wife also used themfor indigestion and they did her good,"'writes Eugene S. Knight, Wilminton,N. C. Obtainable everywhere.(adv-jan)AUTOMOBILE HEARSE OR AMBULANCEI desire to amCtV.Ja to or friends thatI can, where desired,furnish an autorcfi hearte or ambulance. This method oftransportation U especially desired on long trips, the same being made in better time, and at no advance in cost over tnehorse-drawn conveyance.-GEO. W. DAVIS, Funeral Director.? i m hi immim it-M 4 mmim i iyyMMHHHKrn ImmmmmmmJi 4.tBmmmm WmWmmW1HIGH COST OF PAPER TOOMUCH FOR CORK FREE PRESSOwing to the increase in cost of production the Cork Free Press, Cork, Ireland, has suspended publication. Itwas tQie official organ of the All-for-Ireland"League, in which WilliamO'Brien, M. P., Lord Dunraven, andother prominent politicians, were interested. It was established in 1910and had a large circulation in th.South of Ireland.The increased cost of newsprint paper and other items of productionhave caused the Johnstown Leader, anafternoon daily, at Johnstown, Pa., togo into a receiver's .hands. The Leaderwas established five years ago.USE"CASCARETS" FORLIVER AND BOWELSWHEN CONSTIPATEDiWhen Bilious, Headachy, Sick, ForSour Sotmach, Bad Breath,Bad Colds.A Bank AccountIs the Gibraltar of the Home!If you are a man of family you must have a bank account. A BANKAGCOTTNT IS THE BTILWAEK, THE GIBRALTAR, OF YOUR HOMEIt protects you in time of need.It gives you a feeling of independence.It strengthens you.It Is a Consolation to Your Wife,to Your ChildrenFanners' & Traders' BankGet a 10-cent box.TnVp a. r.ascaret to-nteht to cleansevnn Liver. Stomach and Bowels, andyou will surely feel great by morning.You men and women who have neadnche. coated tongue, a bad cold, arebilious, nervous, upset, bothered witha sick, gassy, disordered stomach, orhave backache and feel all worn out.Are you keeping your bowels cleanwith Cascarets or merely forcing apassageway every few days with salts,cathartic pills or castor oil?Cascarets immediately cleanse andregulate the stomach, re)nove the sour,undigested and fermenting food andfoul gases; take the excess bile fromthe liver and carry off the constipatedwaste matter and poison from thebowels.Remember, a Cascaret to-night willstraighten you out by morning. A10-cent box from your druggist meanshealthy bowel action; a clear head andcheerfulness for months. Don't forgetthe children. (adv)THE INDEPENDENTT0BACC01WAREH0USEC0PARIS. KENTUCKYReady to Receive Tobacco at Any Time5"SALES DAILYCompetition is Necessary to Make aGood Sale We Give You CompetitionF. P. KISER, PresidentJNO. J. M.CLINTOCK, CasnirWM. GRIMBS, Bookkeeper.For shipping poultry a crate hasbeen invented that folds a quarter ofu e ATtended sizerrjdieir emptyfofccom-iDIRECTORSCHARLES C. CLARK W. A. THOMAS0N JOSEPH E. LEACrfEDSELL CLARKW. H. WHALEY.W. A. THOMAS0NHARRY B. CLAYM. R. JACOBYJAMES McCLURESAMUEL HARDINGW ) ,fc$.ii:iriii.Sixth miKlMainSlrlPriJylveniehce4nihndlins. ' A- &irtjfr?r"riw . . -y ,-' -!A SjrJ? . - - . K- , 1 . - r .. ' n "v.A. -"- "r.Fv3--sj? i-, vtu r, tfrf vv. "&& mstrf - -jHi w,, . rZ&&,fPAGE EIGHTTHE. BOURBON NEWS, PARIS, KY.i.H :M.I;1 'in?Y t-r.V -'JfMILLERSBURG4. land three sisters, Miss Cordie Owsley, cv JBIrs. Clinton Earle Hooven, and Mr. jsot rans, Mrs. L.izzie insane, 01 jnor- wDEATHS. ,ida, and Mrs. Emma Scheidermantel, MATRIMONIAL.4 'of Minnesota.I ,ERD.FUDOLD.Mr. P. X. Erd, aged eight', a former. i, seven- resident of Lexington, died in Chatta nesday trom tuie ottice ol me Fayette "l"u" " 'ueu uim rmiumuu uuu ,5. John noora. Teitn.. Monday, -of the infinni- County Clerk to Mr. Jasper Craycraft. .uiuuieiown socieo auenuea en masse,of his ties of age. The body was brought tu 25, and Miss Lorena Vice, 18, both of uie eenL oeuig one ot tne most im-iDortant recorded m tne citvs socia1Mr. O. E. Hurst was in Louisville.Wednesday and Thursday on business.Miss Edwian Ammerman returned ' The body of "VVju. FudoldTuesday after a visit to friends at months-old son of Mr. and MrsParis. Fudold, who died at the homeffcrr-Mrs. O. E. Hurst left Wednesday parents, on Eighth street, Sunday, was the home of his son, Mr. Charles Erd, Bourbon countyfoir a visit to her sister. Mrs. Wollimio, buried Monday in the Paris Catholic in Lexington, Tuesday, and the funeralnr i .iih i -iHsi'iii. ill. rpnu'iHiv vnc npin rnnro i npm; v : irprnnnn : r i u . uj"ii i u.Mrs. Clara Shanks and daughter. , 2:30 o'clock, with services conducted The engagement is announced of an elaborate reception being held, to2vlrs. G. L. Hill, are confined to their WHITLEY. by Rev. J. W. Porter. The burial fo'- Mr. Ralph Kneiss Scheffer, of Loui- lowed by dancing in the spacious bailhomes, with grippe. . ' 'lowed on the family lot in the Lexins- ville, to Miss Elizabeth Fisher, of Lou-j room. About 1 o clock t-ie bride andMrs o W. Ingels entertained with A telegram received by Mr. Wade II toll cemetery is ville. The bride-elect is a daughter , groom bade a merry adieu to the danc-a dining Wednesday, in honor of he- Whitley, of Paris, bore the sad an-j Mr Erd was a member ot the firm of Mr. John 1. Fisher, formerly oilers and were driven to Cincinnatisister, Mrs. B. H. Dorian, of Monnhis, nounccment of the deatili of his moth-'of Sutt0n & Erd, furniture dealers in North Middletown. (from whence they went South or a.er. .Mrs. .m. J. wintiev. wnicn occurred ' i v., ,ro,., o t,i 1,0,1 i,a,, monui s ueuguuui uoimymuuiiiiiiinnrni CVl'CRobert Wilson Itenick, son of Col. M. I fijt 7"! IT I t! 1 1 Ml 11V. Renick, of Middletown, which was' If 1 I II VIJULLI 1 vSPECIALS .celebrated with much .brilliancy and isplendor, the ceremony taking place at !8 o'clock at the First Methodist Epis-j1 copal Church. Rev. Arba Martin ofiici-tCRAYCRAFT VICE-A marriage license was issued Wed-'ting. Several hundred wedding inviDortantjannais. At tne kiks lempie tne weeding festivities burst into full swine.For This Week$1.9025cTenn&. iuf liin linnirv Jn Dnntnirn XT-tll fnrtn. - - ... . . - Tl IIITA T" TT7 l" T I ui rrTiycr firof fl i Pi tl oil 11 TG t OTIll thanRev R C Goldsmith nastor of th L IIW1 "w," "' x ""-cfa n... uaiu- ,1)aking his Home in Cliattancoga lor uauiu jmumv i . ii'" " . ""' "r A, ", XBanUst church who resides at Owe llIla' Mon(la MIBht- Mr- Wlutley lelt several years with his son, Mr. Charles' Public announcement of the mam-.going down into Southern Florida Onfon came here las .week in his ; auto- for his old lvome immediat0,y on r0 Erd. He leaves five "sons and three age of Miss Mary Caroline Baird. ot their return Mr Remck will establishweuth i'L Ul ,",Vi "-"J """'" Ul,v- "- (laugnters: .J. U. mra, or uincinnati, ooulu umue&i.un, wmu, n. omuu., .. w. ... .....v- v ... ...IE. B. Erd, of Atlanta, Ga.; C. D. Erd, S. Ardery, ot Fans, was maue at aouui,iumuieLown.!of Lexington; Mrs. T. M. Bryan, or Charleston, Ohio, Sunday. The wed I "The out-of-town bridesmaids in tiiiok .. . M.n w at C5iu ,.r riino- will fnk-P nlfft jit the home of Renick-Hooven wedding party. MissV MiUiaiuuKa, .his. x-.. ah. uuiuu, ui "o ..- t - - - -InnTkSlv nvl wititin- f r 4li ocktrkirkxuuiic anu wnib w i.. ,w. ... , burialer, has been snowbound and imau& 'to return. jiMADDOX.ati- t r. Alien nml dmif?lit.P.rr. i I lie funeral of Mr. Jos. Alaudox, DOWn,it QV,.in no wn tho wnniifj thn bride's narents. Mr. and Mrs. Ld-'UIadys Bievins, ot bt.MPSflaines' O. W. Imrels. S. M. Alien Jised forty-three, who died suddenly th" ,f Tr. prpfl Frd. nf Paris, local ward Milton Baird, on Wednesday, Rachel Capen, of Boston.a t? u r;-. tiin loHnr nC M nm. ' Sundav at the home of his daughter.' , - ft, Ainu,n o,i ti,0.p..v;E .Tjimmrv 91 .Miriam McDonald. . it Pipiiis, Tenn., were guests Monday of Mrs. William Mathers, near Midway. Grand 0pera House. ,ho attended tho . . e(1 to their homes.Mr. and Mrs. J. M. Alverson, ai was neiu luoimay, une iiueimeiii m funeral Tuesday alternoon. ii'istuu buiuvu,..the Midway Cemetery folio wing tiieLouis; Missand Missttsburg. returnCROMWELL.flsmrpptnwn-v-ww.i- -- --- I . . . . - -the services. Mr. Maddox is survivedThe first number of the Lyceum bv four brothers and three sisters, oneCourse, given under the aspices of tho of whom, Mrs. Lucy James, resides in Tm James W. Cromwell, one of HarMillersburg College Y. W. C. A. is tiu Paris. 'rison county's most tnroKressive farm-Helen May Abbott Concert Co., andwill appear in the College AuditoriumFriday evening, January 10, at 8o'clock. The Lyceum Course Wiis severs and business men, died at his homeon Main street, in Cynthiana, Sunday,McNEESThe funeral of Mr. Berry McNees, after an illness of about two monthsnoPfl fnrfv-Piirht.. whn dine! at his lining, Mr. Cromwell was born in Cvnthison consists of three numbers funusli !at Robinson, in Harrison county, was ana in 1840, and had spent nearly al.ed by the bureau and a play, presented ,el1 aL t(iie christian church in that his life there. His mother was Misby Miss King's Expression Class. ' pace Saturday, followed bv burial in Elizabeth Miller, a sister of Mr. JamesSeason tickets for the four numbers. jIlA pVfhinn rnmetprv nt Bnrrv. Mr. .Miller, who owned "Sunnyside Stotlk25 pounds Sugar-.-Ail Canned Goods2 cans forBest Grade Flour, 24-poundsack $1i23Beans, per pound... 1 2 1 -2cPor Chopsper pound - -Lamb (best cutper pouna20centitling purchasers to reserved satsare ?1.00.The following are the interment.-.McXees was a prefninent farmer of Faiyn" on the Cynthiana pike, and ofhis community, lie is survived by his Mrs. Margaret Miller Patterson, ofwidow and four sons, three hrothrs Bourbon county.MlSrPrT d rinr t r 'd tour sisters, one f the latter, Mrs. Mr. Cromwell resided for many yearsfn Millersburg Cemeterj dunng tlic,-. . ,.,.. '.., , rin,.u. '.. .(, i.nWi:i r.mV" fnrm nn Mip,-v,o- nr 1Q1C Phorlio rnllirio infa nf i ,lal iiowu, itoiuijit, in ""'""" -" '- .-w .. -.- ...n Trlm n Ttni-rU Ti Honrv "Rnrrlpn CMiilC0UnJof JoOin C Burden, Mrs. Mattie E.Boulden, infant of Gano Duncan, Mrs.Mary E. Collier, John F. Caldwell. Rufus Leonard Kelly. Henry D. Miller.Mrs. Alice Wadell Johnson, HarrisonW. Trigg, Thomas McClintock, Katheiine Riggs. William Ardery, infantThe imarriage of Miss Julianne Fio- SMALL PUBLISHERS MAYter, of Scott County, to Mr. Louis, OWN PAPER MILL.Burke, of Georgetown, was one of th"social events in Georgetown last u (, ciiappell. of Middlesboro. hasweek. Rev. Father DeWaganere of iUen twentv-five small publishersSt Paul's Catholic cliurch ohctated. Kentucky, Tennessee and VirginiaTTon NheFS:Sst ofUco!lt to meet in Middlesboi-o on Saturdaycounty. and is a most highly accom- morning. January 20, for the purposeplished voting woman and a skilled of making scpe effort to establish amusician. She is a sister of Messrr paper ,pulp (mill near Middlesboro, toJohn and Charles Fister, of Bourbon manufacture newsprint paper for thecounty. After a honeymoon trip u gmaii papers in Kentucky, TennesseeNorthern cities they will reside on the. amI Virginia.Offutt place, near Georgetown. I AU otner pubijshcrs not included inT3nnivrTrn unpicix the written invitation are urged to atBBDINGBR HOPKINS. . business is such,. ,1? 1? '! Cli;. ..y..tt. w..,rue weuuiiiK oi ins& oaiuu iiuw20cMflRGOLEN'STHE SANITARY MEAT MARKETfcCH1SHOLM.Mr. Selby L. Chisholm, aged seventy, died suddenly Monday at hishome in Cincinnati, death being as-Ji jrribed to the shock occasioned by his cynt.hiaiof J wife's death, which occurred last week. rs. 'I'mp wprimnir cii iviis oiiiiiii uutci- .. . . . , itMillersburg pike, which he Purchased ;"-'--""" d M Thos that they cannot attenu, tney ure ruafter leaving Cynthiana. Desiring to KSelpSi; Ala!1 Quested to write letters to Mr. Chapletire, he removed to Cynthiana about . fftnvPnlano ATnnrinv nfternonn at .oell, stating the amount of print pa... . . .!!. UllUlUI. UWUn. MIIH-K iw.v.j --w.-. ...ten years ago, selling me larni, whichis now owned by Mrs. Lizzie Keller.He is survived by his wife; one son,Mr. John M. Cromwell, cashier ot theana National Bank; two daugu-iss Lillie C. Victor, and MrsJohn D- Parrish. John G. Smedley. He is survived by one son, Nathan I Fral'lk Nortllcott, both of Cynthiana;infant of John Parnsn, Robert L. Wil- Chisholm, and one daughter, Mrs. El- aml twn sjsters jjss Maigaret Crom-son,' Mrs. Laura Cleaver, Mrs. Lizzie jmer Kendall, both of Cincinnati. He jj of vjtiiiana and Miss Bettiehtirnian, James H. Letton. Fannie Mc-jvas a brother of Mr. John J. Chis- f'roinwen 0f Morehead.Clelland. infant of Ro Coy, John H. holm, of Paris, and of Mrs. Stuart Wil- rr,,. c' ..i .. i,'i ua ri,,.;Marr, Jr., Mrs. Lavina Vimont. Theie son, of Lexington. The funeral se.'- t- ohurch Tuesday afternoon at tvoi?llia11 velvet natAveretherelu 1914Our phycoutqmplness.or get5:30 o'clock at the home of the bride's -per they use m a year, tine price iorparents. Mr. and Mrs. Everett Bedin- same one year aga. and what they areger, at Anchorage, Ky. paying now and any other informationThere were io attendants, and Ue an(j encouragement they may deemRev. Charles Henry Pratdier, pastor of necessarv and profitable for this meetthe Anchorage Presbyterian church, ingperformed the ceremony in the pres-t Paper nas gone up n the last yearence of the bride's immediate family d d anTrniiiPfliatelv follow- SClUUOn OL Liiu mstt&piiiii, ii'ci o.cThe pine and otaier pulp roauc jNEW YEAR'SGREET!,-... "Tr 'mil "VTrc Himi- tinnxriv-xxj ix)i?& liiiiirruii in -& i ii'in -n-c" i-nT"f nnni it iiiii i-ui:iiii)iiiii i .. iir iiiii .t. itiuT - -were in 11)15. and four le.s than Cincinnati. Wednesday afternoon a T'n 1 ; nn,.n t (H I-l W"S left tor Lexington, where they will ing woods of this section uill supmy :. Millersburg is a healthy placo.nvo o'clock. V' "' ru,. ; " r hnrHi The burial ,s'emi several nays as guubLb m ..n. a turn ot ntty-fon or more cup.u. u. .sicians and undertaker are ' nwn, i 1.iip p.i-ovp remeter , Hopkins' relatives, auci wuiu. t. , S0Veral years and will solve tne soia-ating going into other bus. OWSLEY. tih. mii.i,Mror: woro Robert Ward. J lwl11 makc Ul.eir ". " ;J"!Ji'" tion of newspapers being forced to payas the people here will not die The funerai 0f Mr. James Owsley. Miller Ward, W. II. Nortlicott. W. G n,e )"roo.m,lsr a " ', . Liitip tn,st prices for prinL paDGI' The eX'l. Sick. n f,.f,.,vi, .!, .Mn.i ot li liooin, ,Tr- ,7. i. iirn. i tr.,,iini J COUIlty. hawig ieSlUt.(l nun uini nr.inn. i,oinr ,,oii? for nrint n:imrrtSCU JUiLfcism. nu uivu til- cuv. iiuin AltllVtil!. I' lillllt t) Una mill jmmmuii . . i.r,.,.n rrnnict . , v,uaa 11 iv uwii.fc, j.... .-. , zKENTUCKY ELECTORAL VOTEDEPOSITED IN WASHINGTONof 4iis father, Mr. Thomas Owsley, oi. Renaker.'High street, u ednesttay afternoon, washeld yesterday afternoon, at 2:30o'clock, with services conducted t thoKentucky's electoral vote, cast at grave in the Paris Cemetery by RevFrankfort, January S, for Woodro v W. E. Ellis, pastor of the Paris ChrisWilson and Thomas R. Marshall, was tian church.JDcmopolis to reside.SAFETY FIRST" LOSESVALUABLE LOT OF POULTRYHOOVEN-by the cmall publishers in the three jSuites above mentioned will, as esti! mated in a year over pay for the conRENICKThe Hamillo-i, 0.) Daily News ha struction oi a p-iper 311 ip nun.im rniinwinir recardimr the recent IBelievimr corn was not fit to eat marriage there of Mr. Robt. W. Ueii-ATr DwsIpv had lieen an invalid for irc Honrv IIpIitiv of SvnVmes Corner, irk, son ot .Mr. .uumsRenick. oEFFICIENCY COUNTS.ueposuea wun uie ice rresment a: iir. uvssiey na ueen an mvaiui ior Mrs. Henry lieiim. 01 symmes i onier, uv, awn wi -" - - -. .Wasliington, Tuesday, by E. W. Creal. several years, having received a par Ohio, emptied the can in the chicken Middletown, O., formerly ot 1 aris. jot Hodgenville. official messenger of tial stroks of paraljsis about two year", vaid and as a consequence she lo' "The traditions ; of one ol Hamilton ( hthe thirteen electors. Mr. Creal, who ago, which had kept him confined to three dozen chickens, two dozen tur- ond one of Mulletown s most . I'J "" '"jnvdeposited with the Vice President atIt's their efficiency and solid worMihat makes THE NEWS advertisemantc -r vnlitnhlo Whon t.-ll AVntlt- --., 1 ' lUlLlO 3J Mil UUUiVt JWi. yvw .arrived in Washington, Tuesday his home. Besides his father he is kevs. a dozen truineas and probably nent famines were uuucu iuuio j ieal service an(i results, call eithermorning, will return to Kentucky to- survived by one brother, Mr. Grant the balance of th poultry as a resin evening b the marriage ot miss .u phone V1A. THE NEWS' service cov-jmorrow. Owsley, of the firm of Owsley & Harris, oi ptomaine poisoning. rion Hooven, only daughter ot .Mr. an . a arge ton.itory an(1 XEWS adj jEMn11ANtEIn All Departments!AU Winter Shoes andRubbers Must Go!Despite the great advance in the price of Shoes and Rubbers, wehave greatly reduced all short and broken lines in Men's, Ladies' andChildren's Footwear.PREPARE NOW!An opportunty offered you to supply yourself for present and future needs. Come here tomorrowand take advantage of this BARGAIN CLEARANCE SALE!IHHHI S0 lib Si MMI fl ;iare always result-producers.Wishing you 365 daysofHEALTH,HAPPINESSandPROSPERITYinIB 17We are yours truly,WILMOTHGrocery Go-Ladies' Dark Russia Calf Boots$6.00 valuesLadies' Dull Kid High Cut Boots$4.50 valuesLadies' Patent Kid Cloth Top Boots5.00 valuesLadies' Patent and Gun Metal Shoes$3.50 valuesLadies' Gun Metal, button, 2.50 valuesLadies' Felt Boudoirs, 1.00 valuesLadies's Felt Juliets, fur trimmed1.50 values$3.953.492.992.491.69.59.99Boys', Masses' and ChildrenMen's Russia vnd Platinum Calf English Walk- ,Over Samples, 6.00 values $4,00Men's Russia and Platinum Calf Walk-Overand Beacon, S4.50 values. 3.4-9Men's Gun Metal English Medium Toe Welts,$4.00values 2.99Men's Gun Metal Button and Lace$3.00 values 1 -99Men's Tan and Black Romeos1.50 values : : .99Men's Black Felt Slippers75-cent values 4-9s Shoes al Bargain Prices.PROM THEMacDonald-Kiley Bankrupt SaleMen's High Grade M. & K. $1 O.OO and $12.00 ShoesVarsity Shoes AA to DON SALE HERE AT ONE-HALF PRICE '3DParis' .Greatest Shoe Store.L.1STCOHEN335 Main Street, Paris, Ky.CorningAttractionsM GRAND ANU ALIOfRIDATyrone Power and LoisWeber, inof 6od"a Bluebird production.Also Edwin Stevens, in"DROP OF BLOOD"Seventh Episode of "TheYellow Menace."SATURDAY, JAN. 20.Valeska Suratt in"Ths Straight Way". woman's quest for happiness. Written and directed by Will. S. Dayis. FoxFilm Corporation.MONDAY, JAN. 22.Lou Tellegen in"Victory of Conscience"Famous Players.Helen Holmes in "A Lass of theLumberlands."Hours-Alamo, "2, to 5:30; Paris Grand,7 to 1 0:30, Admission 5 and 1 Oc.irrVie 7addy tycm"always feels himself a "buffer" between the knocks andhardships of the World and the helplessness of the child.This is all right while he lives-but if something shouldhappen to the father, who will be the 4 'buffer" then?87 1-2 Per cent of all estates left for administration consist only of Life Insurance-how unwise for a man tothink that he is all sufficient in providing an 'estate forthose he loves. ALIFE INSURANCE is the only sureway.The Northwestern Mutual Life Insurance Ca.R. F. CLENDENIN, Awociate General AgentSuite 220 First Nat'l BanK Bldj. PARIS, KY.IiMtttttttMptt4 A- ,y4t ' TrJ2 - JfA."Vi- rIJSi -r ,ATy. i '.s-IVv..