MSBSt" tt' wj" r- fcWilOHNEVVSTHE' PUBLISHED EVERY TUESDAY AND FRIDAY IN THE YEAR.VOLUME XXXVIIPARIS, BOURBON COUNTY, KENTUCKY, FRIDAY, SEPTEMBER 28, 1917,m MEN TO GO FROM HERE INTHIRD QUOTA.Neither Paris nor Bourbon, countywill be required to send any men inthe third increment of drafted menwhich is scheduled to go to CampZachary Taylor for training in thenational army between October 2 andOctober 7.Following the notice issued Monday from the office of the AdjutantGeneral reducing the number to goon this third increment from fortyto twenty per cent, a communicationfrom the same office was received bythe district board at Lexington lateWendnesday night settingjfte number of men who will be required togo from each of the local boards under ils jurisdiction on or about October 4.The action on the part of the adjutant general in eliminating Fayette, Bourbon, Clark, Franklin andMontgomery counties is to secure anevenness in the quotas from the various counties.COAL SITUATION UNCHANGED. PARIS WOMEN'S CLUBS RESUME THIS MAY BE MEANS OF SOMEMEETINGS. , BOYS COMING HOME.The coal situation in Paris re-mains evry much the same as last The two literary clubs of Paris, ' An official order just issued fromreported very little coal in the the Progressive Culture and the Washington may be the means ofyards, and no prospect of replen- Paris Literary, have resumed their sending somevof the Bourbon countyishing stocks under the existing regular meetings, after a summer va- boys back from the training camps,order of things at the mines. There cation. At the meeting of the Pro- This order proposes a "nerve test"is a good demand for coal in both gressive Culture Club, held Wednes- to determine whether the enlistedlarge and small quantities, but the day afternoon at the home of Mrs. man's nerves may be able to with-dealers will not be able to supply in Prank O'Neill, papers were read on stand the severe shock and strainlarge quantities very long. v me suDject or me History ot tne aue to artillery nre ana .DomDara-A Paris traveling man, who makes ' Red Cross," by Mrs. Walter Clark, ment.the territory surrounding Williams- and "The American Ambulance," by i To this end a commission of medburg and in the vicinity of the Jel-jMrs. J. Taylor Sharrard. The mem-'ical officers, all specialists, are comlico mines, stated to THE NEWS . Drs of the Club devoted a considera- ing to Louisville to conduct theman Wednesday night that while in hule portion of their time to knit-, tests. The commission will be comMR. FRANK COLLIER HAS NARROW ESCAPE.Mr. Frank Collier, proprietor ofthe Woodlawn Dairy, near Paris, figured in an accident near the Louisville & Nashville tracks near Paris,Tuesday that might have had a moreserious end for him.Mr. Collier's machine collidedwith Louisville & Nashville -train No.10. from Lexington to Maysville, the jautomobile being torn into shreds.He had been driving the car over theClay farm for the purpose of inspecting" some stock, when the car, rounding a curve, came on the railroadtracks. As it reached the track theengine "went dead," and Mr. Collier was not able to get it startedagain.Just at this time the train, No.10, due in Maysville at 9:50 a. m.,rounded the sharp curve and cameupon the stalled car so suddenly thatneither the engineer nor Mr. Collierwere able to do anything. Mr. Col-jlier jumped from the car just as theengine, at full speed, dashed into thestalled automobile and smashed itinto small pieces. Mr. Collier escaped unhurt, but had a close call. Onaccount of the sharp curve of thetrack at that point neither the driver of the car nor the engineercould tell what was going to happen.The accident was clearly unavoidable. A colored man who was in the machine with Mr. Collier jumped afterliearing Mr.. Collier's warning cry,and also escaped injury. The accident happened near the N. H. Bayless farm near New Forest, whichMr. Collier has leased.E5 la JE3MISS BRECKINRIDGE TO SPEAKHERE OXi WAJtl.Telling of some of her thrilling-experiences near the fighting zone inFrance, where she spent severalmonths as a Red Cross nurse, MissCurry Breckinridge, one of Lexington's most charming and culturedwomen, will deliver an address to thepeople of Paris and Bourbon countyat the court house on next Mondayafternon, October 1, at 2:30 o'clock.Miss Breckinridge has seen manystartling sights on the battlefieldsof France, and has the natural ability to tell in a most charming and eloquent way of these things. Shewill speak here under the auspicesof the Citv Federation of Clubs, andIt is hoped that our people will greetlier with a large audience, such asshe deserves. The public is cordially invited to hear this giftedspeaker;JS is is -SERGT. ALEXANDER McCLINTOCKTO ISSUE WAR BOOK.The articles written by SergeantAlexander McClintock of his -experiencesin the trenches in Europe, under the title of "Over There," andwhich was recently published inTHE NEWS, have been compiled intohook form, with additional matternd will be published in tnis coun-that part of the country a shorttime ago he had a talk in a countrystore with a man who is interestedin the coal mining business nearJellico. When asked as to the situation the mine-owner replied:"Well, I don't believe there is anyprospect for a decline in price andthere is no telling: just how longthis strike is going to continue. Yousee most of these mines are. on spursof the railroads and the mines ownthe spurs. The Government can fixthe price of coal at t,he mines, butthe operators can get partly even bymaking larger charges for haulingthe coal to the railroads. This issimply a case of 'whipping the devilting for the Red Cross work. Theofficers of the Club are as follows:President Mrs. Amos Turney; firstvice-president Mrs. George Stuart;posed of several alienists and neurologists who offered their servicesto the Government at the beginningof the war, and were given commissecond vice-president Mrs. Thos. A. i siohs in the medical section of theHendricks: recording: senretarv Officers' Reserve Corps. The idea isaround the stump,' but it may work Jall right for a while."Maj. E. S. Helburn, member ofthe Third District Exemption Board,and a prominent coal operator inthe Kentucky-Tennessee district,where 17,000 miners are now onstrike, makes the assertion thatGerman agencies are behind thestrike movement, and that if hteseagitators were hunted out and dealtwith severely the men would returnto work. Telegrams have been sentto President Wilson, Secretary ofLabor Wilson and all the KentuckyCongressmen appealing for aid andrelief.The Kentucky Utilities Companyat Lexington, which . furnishes lightand. power for Paris and other Kentucky towns, regards the situationas very serious. Two carloads ofcoal consigned to the LexingtonBrick Company have been takenover by the Louisville & Nashvillerailroad. Relief is promised by theCheasapeake & Ohio road by shipments over their lines for this week.Ea Ea TaYOM KIPPUR OBSERVED BYJEWS IN PARIS.Miss Corinne Collins; correspondingsecretary Mrs. H. E. Foster; treasurer Mrs. J. W. Bacon.At the meeting of the Paris Literary Club, held the same afternoon atthe home of Misses Winnie and LutieWilliams, on Pleasant street, Prof.Charles Freeman, of TransylvaniaCollege, addressed the club in lieu ofa regular program on Canada andAlaska, which will be the Club topicfor the year. Prof. Freeman gave aword picture of Parkman, the explorer and author. Mrs. FanniebelleSutherland announced the engagement of Miss Curry Breckinridge, ofLexington, who has recently returned from the fighting zone in France,I to speak to the people of Paris, especially the ladies, at the courthouse, on Monday afternoon, October 2, at 2:30 o'clock. Everybodyinvited to hear her. The membersof the Club will sew for the American Red Cross the first Wednesdayin each ,month as long as necessary,taking their lunch and holding regular meetings at 2:30 in the afternoon.The officers of the Club are: President Mrs. W. O. Hinton; first vicepresident Mrs. Wm. G. Talbott;second vice-president Mrs. Thos.H. Clay, Jr.; secreary Mrs. AmosTurney, Jr.; treasurer Miss NellieFithian; auditor Mrs. Harry B.Clay; program committee Mrs.Charlton Alexander, Miss Nellie Fithian, Mrs. J. T. Vansant, Miss Lucy B.Simms, Mrs. Thos. H. Clay, Jr.E3 13 ElTHIRTY-CENT TOBACCO.REAL ESTATE DEALS.Yom Kippur, the Jewish Day ofAtonement, was celebrated by members of. the Jewish faith in Paris,Tuesday, by closing of all stores owned by member of the faith. Orthodoxmembers observed the day byof the church observed the dzfy byfasting in their homes. Many wentto Lexington, where services wereconducted at the Maryland AvenueTemple by Rabbi Krohngold.Yom Kippur is the holiest day observed by members of the Jewishfaith, representing as it does thecleansing of the soul from the sinsof the past year and the making otpeace with his fellow-men and withGod.TS IS ISLIFE IN THE NAVY.Mr. Jos. Letcher, of Paris, formernewspaper man, who is now stationed at Paris Island, S. C, in the U.S. Marine Corps, writes an interesting letter to Paris friends, telling, ofexperiences in the service, which helikes very much as far as he hasgone.Mr. Letcher is a graduate of theParis High School, and a stepson ofMr. J. W. Mallory, of Twentiethstreet. He was on the CincinnatiEnquirer and the Columbus, O.,Monitor, where he was sportingwriter for several months. He is asplendid young man, and his friendshope he will rise in the service.TS I ISCANNOT EMPLOY CHILD- LABORERS.The merchants, storekeepers andothers who employ help have beensent warning by the labor inspectors,with headquarters at Louisville, thatfound to have m nis em-Prospects are that tobacco willthat the United States Government,taking advantage of the lessonslearned by the warring nations, doesnot intend to send men to' the front-whose nerves are so highly strungthat the first engagement woulddrive them insane.When bursting shells strike dangerously near and when men aresubjected to heavy bombardment formany hours without relief, the bestof nerves will break, leaving theonce fine specimen of manhood araving lunatic.Hundreds of nervous men, however, would go madfrom the shockcaused by the firing of their own artillery, and it is the intention of theGovernment, to weed them out immediately. The details of the tests are confidential and will not be made public.Medical officers at the camp saidthat no definite information hadbeen received as to the date the commission would arrive, but that itwould probably be soon after theentire quota has been received. Theywill make a tour of every cantonment where troops are being trained,and the tests will occupy severalAveeks.13 s 3 .WE ADVISE EARLY BUYINGIn view of conditions, it is to youradvantage to buy now, and buy yourwhole winter supply of clothing.Cood all-wool suits $15 up.J. W. DAVIS & CO.Ea &DON'T FORGET TO REGISTERNEXT TUESDAY, OCT. 2.Owing to the fact that there havebe very high this year, and while ! already been two registrations thisthere will probably not be as much year, both for special elections,of the weed in the county this year I many voters have formed the imas last, the farmeis will not lose, ' pression that they will not be reas the prices are starting off unusu- quired to register for the Novemberally high. It is reported here that-Election.some offers have been made for crop . Every voter who expects or inat thirty cents, while many are re-'pnrJs to vote in the regular electionported at from eighteen to twenty-, in November must register nextfive cents per pound. The farmers Tuesday, Oct. 2. The voting boothsare busy housing their crops, and in ' jn each city precinct will be opena few weeks will begin. the work of from six a. m. to nine p. m. Don'tgetting it ready for the Gales when fan to register. It is absolutelythe warehouses open for the season, necessary.! WE KNOW MOW j1 '1 The Fall and Winter Styles ji In Men's and Young Men's Suits :Are Now Ready For Your Inspection1U '"" w nnv onetrr on SeDtember 29. Sergeant mc- ..,, imder fourteen years ofCHntock calls his book "The Best, .g violating the Child Laborof Luck." The title has its origin i L and the erapioyer and the parin the pass word which is given to . te'of tne cniid are subject to a finethe men as they go over the top tojof from $25 to 50 for the firstattack the enemy. ! 0ffePse, and those who employ helpThe book is certain to be a most between the ages of fourteen andtremendous success, and Kentucky , sixteen without the written consentwill have another reason to be proud the Board of Education, "are subof her son. Young McClintock was, tQ a fine Qf from $15 to ?50.recently offered a position as -war j , te Q ua .5X!?!?:!8? ES a7nT insta istBIG CKOWpS MTENB OPENINGteaching the boys -at Plattsburg theart of bomb throwing. He is takingthe same severe training as the men,and in spite of his serious injuryf,m ohTTiTAi not auite a year ago,oQotv,o vo ctjiTidins: ud under it iwell.OE DOUGLAS PARK.All records for opening day atfnninnPA were broken at the Douglastjot-tt r-arp. track near Louisville,Wednesday, when a crowd that filledevery available nook and seat andtook up all the room in the paddock Iand outfield, gathered to witnessthe races, which furnished an excel-.'lent card. x IThP -winners were: mrsi raceWitt, only fou" men needed to Jedra, time 1:0 1 f ;Tnunareu ruu"-- v.--, ----- . ,, M0race CleeK, time :o, ""Pan Zaretta, time 1:12 1-5, nfttirace Cudgel, time l:4b !-; iusweep, time x.vw -r-,a rtrvmlimah. timei 5Hmi of ur. iar- seveum . v - -r , -o.i ? fnr- cprvip.fi in 1:4b Z-o.rows nospnai uun- w , -- ,Franr.ft is exnected to be complete- - - -. , j-ll U L'l i U I U .! ;i IVI IT I lvlLllUJ.1 1 a.A hutcner. Datusi mu ajuumfw w wTOUE MEN NEEDED TO EHX HOSPITAL UNIT.rrmmlPtA'the roster of oneand fifty-three, which will make upthe Hospital Corps of Base Hos--u.i-vr At oti1 'hnt'h the medicalpita.1 iu. -v, "r .A 'oo Hppa.iland nurses' corps tuny orgauueu iuC 4. - --or Lr. uar- sevcumfl'TT M. l Tmm MRmmtiltyi7A itiiiiitili,.TOi..w mm jFor the young fellow whowants the style you willfind it in our ready-to-wearclothes.The NewFrench Sack Coatplaited .back and yoke,patched pockets, very highwaisted coat with beltedback, graceful lines, thekind that you will be pleasedwith and which has style,wear and individuality thatother ready-to-wear clotheshave- not. Fancy olivegreens, plaids, checks andnobby brown patterns.Prices From$15,00 to $30-00More conservative fnodelsfor the man who does notwant such fancy styles, inneat worsteds and cheviots.Select your suit now, whileour line is new ana complete.George Broderick sold this week toHenry Dodge, Sr., nine acres of landlying on the Peacock pike, nearParis, for $4,000. The tract has agood brick house and other improvements on it.Mr. H. H. Potts, of near Plum Lick,has rented his lower farm, containing the house, orchard and 125acres of grass land, to Mr. John D.Henry, of the same vicinity, for$760. Mr. Henry will use the landfor grazing purposes only. Mr. Pottsrented the upper farm of fifty-nineacres to Mr. Throop Clark, five acresfor tobacco, twelve acres for cornand the remainder! to lie used forgrazing.Mr. Catesby Woodford, Sr., asagent for Mrs. Sidney G. Clay, Sr.,of Lexington, sold to Mr. TSfan. H.Whaley, of Paris, 240 acres of landlocated on the Jackstown pike, adjoining the Millet place, formerlythe Hibler place, now owned andoccupied by Mr. Whaley as a homeMr. Whaley is said to have paidabout $100 per acre for rthe land.This will give him 568 acres in thehome farm.Mr. Andrew J. Gorey has sold hisfarm of 256 acres, located nearTaylorsville, in Spencer county, to aWinchester man for $28,160. Mr.Gorey paid $75 per acre for the farmlast spring. He will retain possession until March 1, 1918, reservingsixteen acres of growing tobacco,forty acres of corn and all othercrops on the place.S ISPREPARE E0R WINTERr STOVESAND OTHER ESSENTIALS.Full line of heating stoves andranges, stove pipe, elbows, collars,pokers and shovels.FARMERS SUPPLY COMPANY.im E3 3 'KENTUCKY PRESS MEETING.Lexington was chosen for the midwinter meeting of the KentuckyPress Association at a meeting ofthe executive committee of that organization at Louisville recently.December 26 and 27 will be thedates.For the purpose of uniting allpublishers throughout the State inseveral matters which it is believedwill be generally beneficial and economical, all publishers of dailies",weeklies and semi-weeklies, regardless of their membership in the association, will be urged to be 'presentat the meeting.A plan of co-operation along practical business lines will be workedout and presented to the newspapermen. This will include the establishment of one special agency torepresent all the weekly papers inthe foreign advertising field.F"1 91 ISNEW TRACTION AGENTMr. J. E. Bouneld, of Lexington,who has been temporarily in chargeof the Paris office of the KentuckyTraction & Terminal Company, Wednesday turned over the affairs of theoffice to Mr. J. M. Smelser, of Paris,formerly of the L. & N. Mr. Smelser succeeds Mr. Harry Jeffers, whohas been promoted to the generalfreight a'gency of the company in itsLexington office. Mr. Boufield hasresumed his position in the Lexington office.JE1 IBI JQB-4 FIREInsure withW.O. HINTON &SON,Agtsis ?a teRESIDENCE BURNED.The residence belonging to ClaudeSephens, on Locust street, in Mt.Sterling, burned Tuetfoay morning at3:30 o'clock. The house was completely gutted, and the loss is estimated at $2,000.ES laFire, Wind and LightningInsurance.Thomas, Woodford & Bryan.ra paBACK WRENCHED.Mr' Allie Rowland, substitute mailcarrier on rural route No. -1, out ofParis, while cranking his automobile Wednesday preparatory to starting out on his regular trip, wrenched his bach, necessitating a lay-off.He was removed to his home, wheremedical aid was given him. He willbe able to be at work in a few days.PARIS OIL & GAS COMPANY DE- "VEL0PING TERRITORY.The Paris Oil & Gas Co', of which !Mr. D. N. Moss, of Calgary, Canada,is manager, which was recently la- ,corporated, have a rig at work othe Bige Wise farm in Estill county, ,"and will begin the work of drillingas soon as water can be piped .to thelocation, which is about three hundred yards from the river.The location is about one-half "mile east of the Ashley tract, and is ,Nbeing watched with much interestby the oil fraternity, as it is in exceeding good looking territory..They have also let the contract for' ,another well on the same lease, aai,location has been made, and as sooaas the rig, which is now in proceedof moving, is on the lease drillingwill begin.Since this company was incorporated about a month ago with a capital siock ot $10,000, they have takeaup a number of leases in Estill,Powell and Lee counties, and havesome good-looking territory whichthey will develop as rapidly as possible. Mr. Moss has been in Winchesterin consultation with a number ofthe oil men and representatives ofthe drilling supply houses. He says .tnat the company is thinking ofpurchasing additional outfits in order to develop their territory whichthey have under lease, as it was almost impossible to secure the service of a driller.The company is composed of Bourbon county and Paris capitalists, whoare well up in the financial worldand are considered as being amongthe best financiers of the country.te TKi TSiMORE YARN RECEIVED FOR REDCROSS WORKERS.Another large supply of yarn forthe Red Cross knitters has been received and can be obtained at thehome of Miss Stella Owens, on SouthMain street. Included in the shipment is a large supply of the khakicolored yarn, which has become sopopular everywhere. This yarn isthe same color and weight as thekhaki material used in the clothingof the soldiers. Call at Miss Owen'sresidence for what yarn you willneed for your knitting for thesoldiers.feftfeHARVESTING POTATO CROPS 0ITTRACTION RIGHT 0E WAY.The Kentucky Traction and Terminal Company in compliance withPresident Wilson's request, had theright of way of the company plantedin Irish .potatoes. This week thesection hands have been busy harvesting the cropl While the yield isnot phenomenal it is said to be better than many other crops on adjoining farms, and the average sizeis fairly good. ,to ?aKEEP THE FENCES UP WdVEH'AND BARB WIRE. STAPLES.We have all kinds of farm fence.Barb wire, staples, nails, etc.FARMERS SUPPLY COMPANY. .-fe to tSDIPHTHERIA CLOSES SCH00LSLThe public schools of Carlislehave been closed indefinitely on account of the appearance of severalcases of diphtheria. Several newcases have developed. The healthauthorities are using every means toprevent the disease assuming proportions of an epidemic.Diphtheria and scarlet feveramong school children have been,causing some anxiety at Cynthiana.An examination was made Wednesday of pupils in several of the gradesat the public school by physicians,and a number of children were senthome. There Were no developed"cases, but several had sore throats.rtoithis week.RECEIVES COMMISSION.FallStyles in John B. Stetson Soft and Stiff HatsMany New Styles in Rich Colors of Velours and Felts.Nettleton and Dr. Reed's Cushion Sole Shoes2?&ilim SU11i A commission as Second Lieuten- :needed to complete tue uxx-. ! o TTtPrl States Army hasOn the enlistment ot la-- "rVnr. Chester E.mWood,,,-. j- i Rnrffeon- Vippti received oy ut.rrow wmry-- r;-; - Hutchison. Dr,2Sf Orders to report at a train-' who recently graduated from thePsfmn thrielection of which has Cincinnati Veterinary- College, ismg camp, the selection u 0p,iin an early call to service mnot yet oeen ""-r -. fftlw ., - vptpr1narv branch of the Offimgtop, are exushortly thereafter.tofollow the veterinaryJeers' Reserve Corp?.1Mitchell & BlakemoreStetson Hats Manhattan Shirts' Nettleton ShoesDr. Reed's Cushion Sole ShoesHAND MANGLED.While adjusting some part of agasoline engine on his farm nearClintonville, Wednesday, Squire LeeStephenson had the misfortune toget his hand caught in the cogs.The member was badly mangled.Mr. Stephenson was removed to hishome, where medical attention -wasgiven.IS I 'DON'T FAIL TO REGISTER.Tuesday, Oct. 2, will be registration day n Paris, and the date isclose at hand. In order to have avote in the November election it isabsolutely necessary to have a registration certificate. Get yours. Pollsopen from six a. m. to nine p. m. forregistration of voters in each ward.m m mADMINISTRATORS APPOINTED.In the County Court Mr. GeorgeR. Davis was appointed as administrator of Celia Gray, with Mr. Rudolph Davis as surety.Mrs. Ida A. Curtis was appointedto 'administer on the estate of Mrs.Jessie Adams Bishop, with Mr. BenBishop as surety.P0RMER PARISIAN SELLS GROCERY INTERESTS.Mr. Gus Margolen, of Georgetown,a former resident of Paris, where heconducted a grocery and fruit business, has disposed of his grocery business in Georgetown to Mr. Wm. P.Warford, of Billings, Montana, and,Mr. Preston Morris, of Georgetown,formerly one of the proprietors of theSanitary Ice Cream Parlors, in.Georgetown. The new owners willget possession of their purchase onNovember 10. Mr. Margolen willprobably go into some other business.IS fe )KiCHANGE OP BASE.Mr. Wm. Marky, who has beenstationed near Hutchison in chargeof a local construction crew on theLouisville & Nashville, has betatransferred to Maysville and withhis family, has moved to that tcityto reside.toMfe "PLEADS GUILTY. .5In the United States 'District Courtat Frankfort, George Majors. wJha as arrested in Paris as a "Germanspy," pleaded guilty to the chargeof unlawfully wearing a UnittfStates Army uniform and was givem asentence. No evidence was adducedtending to support the theory thathe waf a "German spy."IEDERAT10NJB0ARD MEETDIGThe Governing Board of the Federation of Women's Clubs of Pariwill hold a meeting in the rest roomof the 'First National Bank, at 2;5io'clock to-morrow (Saturday) afternoon. All the members of the'Bti,are asked to be preeeat.Ml'Ut ;.-J -v .v-sAX' ' .v'i klftAGETWQTHE BOURBON NEWS, PARIS, ;KY,rvmi-ttriday! 9MPmammK sfc""fe r-tt-tv w&f-??j V v -tSIiTHE BOURBON NEWSabllshcd 1M1 35 Yeart of Continuous Publication.bllshed Every Tuesday and Friday,r Year. . .$2.00 Six Months... $1.00Payable in Advance.CWIFT Ct!AMP. Editor and OwneAny erroneous reflection upon theUuxacter. standing or reputation ofamy person, firm or corporation whichMay appear in the columns of TILEBtURBON NEWS will be gladly corrected if brought to attention of theditor.ADVERTISING RATESDisplay Advertisements, $1.00 perInch for first time; 50 cents per incheachrsubsequent insertion.Reading Notices, 10 cents per lineach issue; reading notices in blacktype 20 cents per line, each issue.Cards of thanks, calls on candidates, obituaries and resolutions, andimilar matter, 10 cents per line.Special rates for large advertisements and yearly contracts.The right of publisher is reservedto decline any advertisement or othermatter for publication.Announcements for political officesmust invariably be accompanied bythe cash.THE DEMOCRATIC TICKET.ofFor State Senator George Hon,Clark CountyPor Representative C. M. Thomas,of Bourbon County.For Sheriff Will G. McClintock.For County Clerk Prce Paton.For County Judge George Batterton. For County Attorney David D.Cline.For County Superintendent of SchoolsJ. B. Caywood.For Jailer Thomas Taul.For Assessor Walter Clark.For Coroner "Rudolph Davis, Paris.ForJffasstrate I- J- Fretwell, ParisPrecinct; John N. Shropshire,Centerville Precinct; E. P. Thom-asson, MiiiersDurg recmct; jno.S. Wiggins, Hutchison Precinct;R. O. Turner, Ruddles Mills Prerinct; John S. Talbott, North Middletown Precinct; S. P. Burris, Little Rock Precinct; Lee Stephenson, Clintonville Precinct.For Mayor E- B. January.For CEief of Police W. Fred Link.For Councilmen First Ward JohnMerringer, John Christman andThos. Kiser; Second Ward S. K.Nichols, J. J. Veatch and JohnArkle; Third Ward Geo. Doyle.ment of and zest in life 'are- constant source of life supply.Old age ought to be the happiestperiod of life, particularly for a woman. If she has kept her mind active and has wisely refused to settleinto the dull rut that people alwayshave 'ready for her, she can begin inold age to enjoy life in earnestIn old age there is no more worryabout the babies, no more sufferingfor others. The children are grownup, and, if her part has been welldone, they are a prop and a solaceto her. Grand children are a delightwithout the bitter, constant worry.The woman grown old in yearsshould be at her best mentally. Sheis free to indulge her tastes, enjoya good book and the conversation ofgenial minds.Women retain their vitality andspirits longer than men do. The burdens of life fall from them gradually,and the peace of retirement from active duties come upon them little bylittle and almos imperceptibly.In Retrospect.In contrast to the gayeties of seasons past, society has in prospect aquieter one than any in the memoryof social leaders here, and elsewhere.Gradually as the world-war progresses the customary expressions ofsocial life are curtailed and altereduntil society has developed a different nhase from any known in thepast. Those returning from summerresorts will, of course, find conditionsalmost completely changed.Entertainments, except those ofthe simplest possible nature, are indeed things of the past. However,youthful bouancy will find an outletin dances, but these will lack thedash and color of those of yore.Knitting parties, Red Cross luncheons, and sales, and war relief benefits of various kinds, will supercedethe gayer functions of before thewar, and the weddings of soldierbridegrooms and their brides will besimple ceremonies in contra-distinc-tionto the pretentious ones of otherdays.PULL TOGETHER DON'T KNOCK.SEC-,0H HOTES FR0KTHE OILTIOH.- , R'Tlie Paris Oil & Gas Co., composedof Paris and Bourbon county capitalists, and Mr. N. B. Moss, one ofthe old-time oil men of Canada andthe Western oil fields, have made location for oil well on the Biege Wisefarm in the Pilot district of -Powellcounty, and will begin drilling assoon as they can secure a drillingcontractor. xClay & Chiles, of Mt. Sterling, havea rig in Sore Heel Hollow, in Leecounty and have contracted to drilltwo tests on the property of J. C.Brandenburg.The Pluto Oil & Gas Company,brought in a well the past week onthe Kentucky Block Coal Company'slease, near Cannel City, in Morgancounty. The well has not beenpumped, but it is estimated the production will be between 25 and 100barrelsIn Montgomery county a rig hasbeen erected near Willoughby Mountain, nine miles from Mt. Sterling,and drilling has been started on thefirst three deep tests which will beput down in this vicinity. A largelease is held in this section by Mr.A. B. McLeod, of Versailles, Ky., whois drilling tests.The Pilot district of the Irvine field.continues the center, of oil activityin Central and Eastern Kentucky,with a number of satisfactory wellsbrought in during the past week. Onthe White Bros. & Huff lease, wellnumber 22, brought in several weeksago, is now being pumped with everyindication of 300 barrels or better.Numbers 23 and 24 of the same company, near No. 22, have also been putto pumping and are producing 250and 125 barrels respectively.A well brought in by the BushFarm Oil Company on the Bush lease,one mile southwest of Torrent, willbe good for from 50 to 75 barrels aday, according to advance reports.Oil was struck in small quantitiesat 1,161 feet and when shot with60 quarts of nitroglycerine the wellfilled up at the rate of 10 barrels anhour.EDITORIAL MUSINGS.1 Studying The War.THE NEWS trusts its suggestionthat the school children of Bourboncounty devote some study to the warwill not fall upon barren ground.There is no other channel in whichtheir minds can be turned with moreprofit to themselves and their nation.War is uppermost in this countryto-day, and with the active preparation of the United States increases asthe struggle continues interest willnaturally grow more acute.The children should have the opportunity of being thoroughly conversant with the principal factsabout it. They should know the causes which led the nation into war, theprincipal battles which have beenfought, the commanders of the armies, and all the important details thata school history gives of the other"wars in' which the United States hasbeen involved.For them to know these things is tomake their year in school infinitelymore valuable from a practical standpoint, but above this consideration isthe patriotism it inspires.When the boys and girls of Bourbon county learn, from daily study,the righteousness of the cause for"which we are battling; when theyare made to understand the faithlessness and the dishonor of the GermanGovernment; when they come to aknowledgeof the enormity of thecrimes which the Kaiser has committed against civilization, they become better patriots and better AmerTheir influence will extendthroughout the home, and it will3iave the result of lighting the fires- of patriotism in Bourbon country to' Imrn as they have never burned be-- fore.By all means let every graded and- rural school teacher in the countygive their pupils daily lessons aboutthe war. We know of no better wayfor them to "do their bit."In Whitley county, the Empire Oil& Gas Company have begun severaltests on their extensive holdings.The Sun Oil Company expect to begin drilling on their property as soontheroundIn Morgan county, the Pluto Oil &Gas Company have a fair producer onthe Kentucky Block Coal Co. property, near Cannel City. The new wellhas not been pumped and no conservative estimate can be obtained.E3 t53 iAUSTEELITZ ITEMS.Every day THE NEWS sees thingsthat might be legitimately criticised.It could follow on the trail or any , as macmnery can oe gotten onpublic official, city of county, andmake life miserable for him by picking flaws in his work, magnifyinghis small mistakes, or by harping onminor oversights or omissions.It could keep the community moreor less in a state of turmoil, makeenemies where friendship have existed, and promote discord generally.But is this tiie time for such things?We do not think such a course isjustified at any time by a newspaper,and certainly not now, when, if everin the Nation's history, all our people ought to stand shoulder toshoulder in united and harmoniousaccord. Unnecessary agaitation, nagging and fault-finding should befrowned down.Such things hurt the community'sreputation; they hurt business; theydestroy the spirit of unity and effortwhich it takes to build up a city.No man should be encouraged in disrupting the peace of a community,no matter what his excuse, or howloud-mouthed may be his protestations of good intentions. Let's keeptogether and "Keep business asusual."1 IS.j3L Women And Old Age.J A woman has declared that at 106tik is in better health, and happiertkan at any previous tiin her life.Surely, a woman whcMi healthy atlt ought to be happy. She wouldkave to be happy to be healthy."None but a happy disposition couldcarry one through so many years. Agloomy temperament woul'd stranglelife out of the body long before the-W0 of 106.Tb Tinman body can no moretbeitre inshadow than can a rose.r JPFe-ltye by;deire tojive. Enjoy-FEW LOAFERS IN PARIS.It is a very rare thing to see aloafer on the streets of Paris now.The vigorous campaign inauguratedagainst the vagrant and shiftlessclass several months ago by the cityand county authorities had the effect of driving them to other placesor of obtaining work of some kind.There are a few, of course, whotoil not nor soil their dainty handsby doing manual labor, but inevery community there are some certain fellows whom the ravens wouldfeed if kind-hearted relatives shouldcut' off their food supply. There isno excuse for anybody being idle inor around Paris just now. With thedeparture of -the Bourbon countyboys, sixty-three vacancies in somelines of employment have been created, and there willbe many more.Someone will have to replace themin the work necessary to carry onthat which they left to go to thefront.J3 te laPRACTICING ECONOMY.(Tit Bits.)Donald McAllister, a Scottish farmer, was going to town for a day ortwo, and his daughter Maggie had aweary time listening to the hundred-and-oneinstructions he gave her asto care and economy."Mind the coal," "Don't wasteany food," "Don't sit up burninglight," etc.Pinally he set off, but in a momenthe was back with a parting admonition. "An' Maggie, there's young Angus.See that he doesn't wear his spectacles when he's not readin' or writen'.It's needless wear an' tear."mm mHUGE PHOSPHATE RESERVESMiss Chlora Ross, of Covington,is a guest of her parents, Mr. andMrs. J. R. Ross, near this place.Mr. and Mrs. Frank Taylor wererecent guests of friends and relativesin Winchester.Mrs. Charles Hadley has returned from a visit to Mrs. BrooksieBaber, in Lexington.Miss Sadie Newton has returnedto her home in Winchester, after avisit to Mrs. W. C. Brock, in thisvicinity.Miss Belle Cook has returnedfroma visit to frionds in Winchester.Mr. Thurlen Quisenberry, agentfor the Louisville & Nashville at thispoint, was a recent guest of friendsin Lexington.Mrs. J. R. Quisenberry and MissThelma Quisenberry attended the Association meeting at Providence.Miss Belle Cook was hostess recently at her home to a party offriends. Among the guests presentand partaking of the pleasures ofthe evening were Misses Eva MaeLocknane, Maude Hostler, AngieAldridge, of Winchester; Mary, Emma and Ethel Jackson, and Ida B.Craven, of this place.8i 91 SiHAVE YOU A BAD BACK?mm isIf You Have, the Statement of ThisParis Resident Will Interest You.Idaho, Utah, Wyoming and Montana possess trast deposits of highgrade phosphate rock. Although thephosphate areas are by no meanscompletely surveyed, the amount ofphosphate in the known deposits, asestimated by the United States Geological Survey, Department of Interior, is nearly five and one-half billion tons.An idea, of the immensity of thistonnage may be obtained by comparing it with last year's production inthe United States of 1,980,000 tons.Does your back ache, night andday;Hinder work; destroy your rest?Does it stab you through andthroughWhen you stoop or lift or bend?Then your kidneys may be weak.Often backache is the clue.Just to give you further proof,The kidney action may be wrong.If attention is not paidMore distress will soon appear.Headaches, dizzy spells and nerves,Uric acid and its illsMake the burden worse and worse.Liniments and plasters can'tReach the inward cause at all;Help the kidneys use the pillsParis folks have tried and proved.Wliat they say you can believe.Read this Paris woman's account.See her, ask her, if you doubt.Mrs. J. C. Feltman, S. Pleasantstreet, Paris, says: "A few yearsago I was suffering with kidneycomplaint. My back was the worstsource of pain and ached dreadfully.I found it difficult to bend or stoop.I had often read about Doan's Kidney Pills, and I used a box. Theycured me of the attack. WheneverI have had any return symptoms, Ihave used Doan's Kidney Pills, procured from Oberdorfer's Drug Storeand have received the same good results." Price 60c, at all dealers. Don'tsimply ask for a kidney remedy getDoan's Kidney Pills the same thatMrs. Feltmann had. Foster-MilburnCo., Props., Buffalo, N. Y. (adv)t y I aifl &JSJi ; ?Jfn ft "vsJ"JHfc MffaJj& BoilW4, Jjeff vbw!yrf' .hij Watch for the Sfi VaiSEGFINITETUS I"lVPV red Savage sign 3 The only tubes that have graphite vulcanized mto the surface. WitQ&ys? w . a Prevents deterioration, sticking, friction arid heatmg. Makes 9yW1 W ) soapstone unnecessary. Lengthens the life of the tubes. SJMSavages are "keyed" by means of serial numbers. And are distributed by our own organization, not sold to middlemen in huge quantitiesand carried in stock sometimes for a year ormore.We know just where a casing is and how longit has been there. The minute a tire reaches thethe doubtful age, the point beyond which thereis possibility of deterioration, it is replaced by anew casing.You are always sure of getting live tires, fullof "pep" and miles, when you buyj in'wJ IDickerson & DouglasEourthndJHiglfSts. Paris, Ky.REAL E C0N0MYMeans Buy Your Winter Supplyof Necessary Clothing Now.When the time comes for us to replenish our stockprices will be greatly advanced. Present prices onMen's and Boys' Suits, Overcoats, Underwear, Shoes,Etc., are very reasonable at our store.Let us help you save iTwin Bros. Clothing and Shoe Dept.We Give and Redeem Blue Trading Stamps619 Main Street; Paris, Ky.l"H"I"l'4"I'd"I"I"l"i"l"l"i,W!iHPTWIFii4iiif.JntiiT..T.iT..T..T..T..y..T...y..y..y..y..y,.y..T..y..y..y..y..y. .y..y...j....y. y..T-T....;. ?. l , -,;;jII,, . f g j g jItBROS. SEPT. STOREFor Dry Goods, Dress Goods, Silks, Shirt Waists, Ladies' and Misses' Ready-to-Wear Garments, Millinery, Etc.REDUCED RAILROAD RATES.With so many courts in sessionthese are indeed trying times.VNext Monday, October 1, will be agreat day for Lexington, for it is theopening day of Kentucky's great trotting meeting with the races for theWnlnut Hall Cup and The Puturityfor two-year-olds on the card. All.railroads will sell round-trip ticketsat rjeductd' rates; . , ,New, StylishFallJ19jTj8JUST ARRIVED!SEE THEM!HATS50cNew Goods 1ARRIVING DAILYStart Your Girl'sSchool ClothesNow. Come andspect our stock.in-We Sell LadiesHome Journal Patterns. 10-15c; None Higher.i.imiHiii.iuiiiHiiiiiiuiiiriilMli,,.,......t...TM n-sNVm,',T-k-&Sf'iWl:.1IV-jf VXFRIDAY, SEPTEMBER 28, 1117.NOTICE TOSICK WOMENPositive Proof That LydiaE. Pinkham's VegetableCompound RelievesSuffering.Bridgeton,N. J. "I cannot speak toohighly of Lydia E. Pinkham's Vegetable Compound forinflammation andother weaknesses. I"was very irregularand would have terrible pains bo that Icould hardly take astep. Sometimes Iwould be so miserable that I could notsweep a room. Idoctored part of thetime but felt nochange. I later took Lydia E. Pinkham's Vegetable Compound and soonfelt a change for the better. I took ituntil I was in good healthy condition.3 recommend the Pinkham remedies toall women as I have used them with suchgood results." Mrs. Milford T. Cummings, 322 Harmony St., Penn's Grove,N J.Such testimony should be accepted byall women as convincing evidence ofthe excellence of Lydia E. Pinkham'sVegetable Compound as a remedy forthe distressing ills of women such asdisplacements, inflammation,ulceration,backache, painful periods, nervousnessand kindred ailments.CAPITOL HOTEL TO BE REBUILT.The Capitol Hotel at Frankfort,which was destroyed by fire last winter, is to be replaced by a modern,nve-story hotel of 100 rooms, whichis to cost $200,000. The- Weitzelestate owns the property, and thepromotors of the rebuilding planliope to have the work under wayat an early date, it was stated. Itwill not be completed, "however, intime to accommodate the members ofthe next Legislature, many of whomare expected to (make arrangementsfor spending the nights in Lexington.1 5 toGOVERNMENT TRACES LIQUORGaugers and Storekeepers in theoffice of Collector of Internal Revenue Percy Haley are making invoices of whiskey withdrawn sincethe law governing the manufactureof liquor went into effect. October 1 all dealers, wholesalers andretail, will be required to file reports with, the Government of thequantity of liquor on hand. Thelaw provides a penalty of $2,000 forconcealment of liquor to avoid payment of taxes; also persons so offending may be prosecuted for perjury. Big SpecialFor SaturdayPure Pork Sausage 30cPork Chops 30cPork Roast 30cBest Steak 25cRib Roast 20cChuck Steak 20cCountry Bacon 30cLard 25cPicnic Hams 25cBreakfast Bacon 40cMflRGOLEN'SSanitary Meat MarketWilmoth'sSalt-RisingBread!Angel FoodCake!Don't That"Listen Good?"WILMOTH1&Phone 3T6SOCIAL AND PERSONAL.'Comings and Goings of OurPeople Here, There andElsewhere.Miss Belle Ogden is visiting relatives in Winchester.Mr. Duncan Bell is at FrenchLick Springs for a short stay.Misses Corinne Collins and BelleHorton, t)f Paris, were guests thisweek of friends in, Maysville.Mrs. Katherine Davis Craig hasreturned from a visit to relatives inLexington.Mr. and Mrs. B. M. Renick aresojourning at W;est Baden Springs,West Baden, Indiana.Mrs. Louis Lilleston, who hasbeen very ill at the Massie MemorialHospital, is slightly improved.Several friends from Paris attended the funeral and burial of Mr.Matt Archdeacon, at Carlisle, Tuesday. Mr. and Mrs. W. E. Faulconerand little daughter have returnedfrom a visit to relatives in CannelCity.Mr. Horace M. Collins was inEstill county several days this weekon a tour of inspection of the oilfields.Mr. Harry Saloshin, of Cincinnati, is a guest of his mother, Mrs.Louis Saloshin, and family, on Pleasant street.Mr. and Mrs. G. H. Preston, ofSt. Louis, Mo., have leased the residence of Mrs. A. P. Allis, on Duncan avenue.Mrs. E; B. January and daughter, Mrs. Fred Woods, have returnedfrom a visit to, friends and relativesin Lexington.Mrs. B. J. Brannon was a guestof her daughter, Mrs. George Fritz,and Mr. Fritz, in Lexington, severaldays this week.Mr. and Mrs. W. A. Munsey arevisiting relatives in Winchester.They will leave soon for their newhome in Texas.Miss Jennie. Talbott, who hasbeen very sick for the past tenday at her home on High street, isvery little better.Miss Edna Biggers has returnedto her home in Maysville, after apleasant visit to Misses Corinne Collins and Belle Horton.Mrs. Fayette Ardery and children have returned from a visit toMrs. Ardery's mother, Mrs. BessieFinnell, in Georgetown.Mr. Hairy Rose was removedfrom his home in this city this weekto the Massie Memorial Hospital, suffering with typhoid fever.Mrs. E. P. Claybrook, of Hutchison, and Mrs. Gertrude Smoot, ofParis, are visiting Mr. and Mrs. E.L. Worthington, in Maysville.Mrs. Lillian Wright and son, Mr.Lacey Wright, guests of Mr. and Mrs.Henry L. Terrill, have returned totheir home in Orange, "Virginia.Miss Mary Allen Hutchcraf t isvery ill with typhoid fever at thehome of her parents, Mr. and Mrs. J.Perry Hutchcraft, in East Paris.Maysville Daily Bulletin: "MissKatheryne Tierney, of Third street,has returned home after a two-weeks'visit with friends and relatives atLouisville, Lexington and Paris."Mr. Robert Shea, of Mitchell &Blakemore's forces, left Tuesday fora. two-weeks' vacation trip to Buffalo, Philadelphia, Atlantic City, andother Eastern points, then to Chicago. Kimbrough Duvall, who hasbeen in the West for several months,arrived Wednesday night from Jackson, Michigan, for a visit to his parents, Mr. and Mrs. George Duvall,on Lilleston avenue., Mr. and Mrs. E. M. Wickliffe,Jr., and Mrs. E. M. Wickliffe, Sr.,have returned to their home in Lexington after a visit to Mrs. HenrySpears and daughter, Mrs. EddieSpears Hinton, on Mt Airy avenue.Mr. and Mrs. J. P. Hanley,who have been guests of Judge andMrs. Denis Dundon, returned Tuesday to their home in Louisville.Mr. Hanley is General Manager ofthe Kentucky Distilleries and Warehouse Company! iMr. Roscoe Carmichael is recovering from injuries received Sunday in. an-accident near Seventhstreet, in 'which an automobile collided with the buggy in which hewas riding. Mr. Carmichael sustained several cuts and bruises, butwas not seriously hurt.The Paris boys .in -training atCamp Taylor, near Louisville, attesttheir appreciation of a good thing byreturning thanks for recent copies ofTHE BOURBON NEWS, which in apostcard message from one of theirnumber, "is better than a letter fromhome, and most certainly welcome."Winchester Sun: "Among thecourt day visitors to this city fromBourbon county were Ben F. Skillman, John S. Talbott, W. F. Bryan,J. L. Robbins, Houston Crouch, Chas.Hamilton, H. S. Caywood, W. A.Thomason and Mr. Buckley, of NorthMiddletown."Messrs. Harry Rouse, Jr., andPrewitt Gumm are promotors of asubscription dance which will begiven in the ballroom of the Phoenix Hotel, at Lexington, to-night.Music for the occasion will be fur-nished by the Smith Saxophone Or-chestra. A number of Paris societyneonle will attend the dance, whichpromises to be a most enjoyable one.Messrs. T. Hart Talbott and Wm.G. Talbott have as guest at theirhome. "Mt. Lebanon," near Fans,! their brother, Mr. Dudley Talbott, ofLos Angeles, California. Mr. Talbottleft Paris twenty years ago, and hasresided in Los Angeles continuouslysince. He is being warmly greetedby friends and acquaintances of theolden days.1 Mr. Robert L. Link, Jr., has returned to Camp Zachary Taylor,Ti a.r "Louisville, after a visit to hisparents, Mr. and Mrs. Robt. Link,Sr., on South Main street. Mr. Linkhas received an appointment as FirstSergeant of Battery B., in the FieldArtillery branch ot'i the service atthe camp. He is a graduate of the.p.ri Hirh School, .wnere ne naamilitary training&-thk ,jtJRiBflMCONSTITUTION AND BY-LAWS OFTHE KENTUCKY TENANTS' 'AND FARM LABORERS'UNION.CONSTITUTION.Purpose of the Union.The purposes of this Union are tobring into co-operation and closerrelations the tenants, landlords, andfarm laborers of the State of Kentucky; to promote their best interests, moral, financial, and intellectual, by all lawful means; to promote and encourage a better feeling:.and understanding of conditions between landlord and tenant to theeconomic advantage of both classes;to remove from the tenant systemnow prevailing in Kentucky some ofits objectionable features, as specifiedand set out in this constitution; andto secure better living conditions forsaid tenants and laborers, themselves, and their children, and by doing so to raise the standard and increase the efficiency of tenant andfarm laborer's work.Principlesfor WhichStands.the UnionIn order to obtain and secure theaforesaid objects, and to removesome of the objectionable featuresnow inhearing in the tenant systemof this State, we, the members ofthis Union, hereby agree to the following: (1.) No member of this Unionshall pay or exact house rent. Thehouse rent referred to is the rentcharged tenants and farm laborersby their landlords while engaged inthe raising of crops upon the farmsof, said landlords. However, nothingherein shall be construed to apply toexisting contracts. ' Not to be putinto effect unless at least 75 per cent,of the tenants of the tobacco district agree to same.(2.) That all tenant and farmlaborer members hereof shall takegood care of all the property, realor personal, of their landlords, whichis submitted to their care, or overwhich they may have any control.(3.) As the tenant must livewhile engaged in the raising of hiscrops and his stock must have themeans of subsistence, be it resolvedthere should be furnished the tenantsufficient grass for grazing purposesfor his necessary stock; what isnecessary stock to be determined, asalso the amount of grass necessaryfor same, by the facts of the particular case. It should be consideredthat horses, sufficient in number tocultivate the crops, milk cows, andmeat hogs, in proportion to the sizeof the tenant's family, are necessarystock.(4.) It is resolved that wherethe tenant furnishes everything toraise and care for the crops, he shallhave one half of all said crops.(5.) Where the landlord furnishes the teams and tools for thecrops, then the tenant shall have twofifths of said crops. But tobacco isexcepted from this provision, and inany event, is to be governed by section (4) herein.(6.) On account of the generalrise in wages in all trades and callings due to the more general highcost of living, it is considered, thatit would be fair to all parties, tofix the minimum monthly wage atJthirty-five dollars a month, wherethe month hand boards himself.(7.) It is resolved that everytenant raising tobacco upon theshares should be allowed corn land byhis landlord,' also to be cultivatedupon the shares. The amount of cornland to be allowed should dependupon the facts in - each particularcase; the number of acres of tobaccoin cultivation and the size of thetenant's family being taken intoconsideration in making .the estimate. (8.) Every 'tenant and farmlaborer member of this Union, it isresolved, shall reasonably do his bestto cultivate and care for the cropsin his charge. It is to the interestof all parties concerned, that thisUnion will tolerate no loafing, idling,and inefficiency. The members hereof shall give to their crops theirbest care and attention. This Uniondoes, not propose to carry or to assist the man who will not work, norwill it tolerate the inebriate, the dishonest member who deals dishonestlywith the Union or with his landlord,nor' the tough, or rowdy. This organization proposes to obtain itsends, as stated herein, by lawfulmeans and any member who attemptsany other means will be instantlydropped. . iOrganization.This constitution shall be the Constitution for both, th,e County Union,and also of the Local Unions, organized or to be organized, in thevarious precincts.The further details of organization and government shall be workedout in the by-laws to be adopted.This constitution shall be subjectto amendment at any time by a twothirds vote of all members presenton any regular meeting night, provided notice of said proposed changehas been announced for at least twoweeks preceeding said voting night.The articles of Incorporation already filed for record in BourbonCounty, Ky., shall govern and con-, JSSSTS 0-?Geow" ,., m,6.. .uuiuu, wiiai umueio ttic uc ciciiicuana.' eacnand the method of said election, incase where the said articlescover said points; otherwise, the bylaws shall provide the manner thereof as the Union may direct.Done at Paris, Kentucky, on this,the fourteenth day of September,1917, by "the cominittee heretoforeappointed to draft this Constitution.ALBERT McDUFFY,T. W NAPIER,R. TL?' CARMICHAEL.Committee.JOSEPH CARR, President.EARL ROBBINS, Secretary.CAIN MARTIN,. Treasurer.Advertisement.A woman dropped into the officeand in giving material for an obituary stated her," husband had, $eenkilled ina feud in, Ktntucky,iwheeJ,,upon the reporter; asked if riany-ifo-pledrive "feuds dowSlth1ire::mm, ,pjum,Ki."ThFiVTircg'A Complete Stock of United States Tire Carried ByMILLERSBURG GARAGE, Millersburg, Ky.NEW OWNERS POR OLDHAM ERA.iThe Oldham Era, the only paperpuhlished in Oldham county, ownedby M. G. Peak, A. A. Strange and G.W. Peak, will within the next fewdays become the property of W. L.Dawson, superintendent of. the Lagrange graded and Oldham CountyHigh School. The next issue will bethe .last to be published under thepresent ownership. Mr. Strange, whois the practical printer in the present firm, will remain with the newowner for a short time pending further arrangements. Mr. Dawson,who is under contract with the SchoolBoard, will fulfill his contract unlessreleased by the board.fe fe 51EXPERIENCE IS THETEACHERBESTIt is generally admitted that experience is the best teacher, but shouldwe not make use of the experience ofothers as well as our own? The experience of a thousand persons ismore to be depended upon than thatof one individual. Many thousandsof persons have used Chamberlain'sCough Remedy for coughs and coldswith the best results, which shows itto be a thoroughly reliable preparation for those diseases; Try it. Itis prompt and effectual and pleasantto take.( sept-ad v)"THE ELY COP" AND "THE STARBOARDER."No moving picture comedian on thescreen to-day can boast of a biggerfollowing than King-Bee's favoritestar, Billy West, who has played inten of the funniest two-reelers everproduced.Their last two releases, "The FlyCop and "The Star Boarder" are insuch demand that the King Bee FilmCorporation announces forty extraprints are being made to fill ordersthat have been received.For Rent.Modern cottage of four rooms, inRosedale Addition to Paris". Apply toHARRY L. MITCHELL,.735 Henderson St.,(18-tf) Paris, Ky.Administrator's Notice !All persons having claims againstthe estate of John Allen will pleasepresent same properly proven according to law to the undersigned forpayment, E. J. ALLEN, Adm'r.(3t-F-pd) Lexington, Ky.Wanted.'All kinds.of second-hand furniture,vcarpets, rugsstoves, etc. CumberJland Phone 780. '$ 1m . i 11 ".TB.-Th()H?Manager.;h. i.T- e - 4?Why It Costs Less toThese Tires On YourBecause of their supreme mileage-giving qualities.For United States Tires are the standards of low mileage cost.That is why their sales continue to forge ahead year by year,month by month..That is why users of United States Tires last year are 'stillusers of United States Tires this year.That is why, sooner or later, you, too, will be a user of UnitedStates Tires.Ask the nearest United States Tire dealer which one of thefive is suited to your needs of price and use.United States TiresAre Good TiresA Tire for Every Need of Price and Usenoyai iora- 'Nobby 'Chain' 'Usco'U.n'LStatea TUBES and TIRE ACCESSORIES Have All the Sterling Worth and Wearthat Make United States Tires SupremeAIo tires for motor trucks, motor cycles,bicycles, and aeroplanesFOR SALEPony, gentle, and good driver, withcart and harness. Call Home Phone562 or 223. . (14-tf)Scrap Iron WantedsI am paying fifty cents per Hundredfor all kinds of scrap iron. Not lessthan 1,000 pounds. This material, canbe weighed at any city scales. This tto be relivered to the cars on the LouIsville & Nashville tracks, oppositthe freight depot.Call us over the Cumberland 'phon347-J.MAX MUNICH,Eighth Street, Paris, Ky.(oct20-lyr)itoRmnsi BeltFeaturerliNd6man4'aKre---someIixiottly they;e.womeiiLwho!!fcModels lbrevery" figureSot jFeatjerJf.confealfrorq Pi ftPrices $2.00,tfPv c'fl tPAGBripHiqyfwyI- "VCji"rw,''-WNtffc&"'&&'&&'.$&HaveCariHvgafisa'Plain9Home For Sale PrivatelyOn account of Mr. Napier'sger run being changed from Paris ttfLexington and Cincinnati necessitateing a removal to Lexington, I dsairtto dispose of my residence at the comner of Main and Second streets, igParis, at private sale.This is a substantial brick housa,two-stories, has six large rooMs;gsleeping porch; two concrete porches;;!large garden and poultry yard; sidrand front yard. It is a first-clanhome and will be a bargain for tb.purchaser. It is in first-class shap,An inspection of the house and premises is invited.MRS. JESSE S. NAPIER, .(4-tf) 12 b Main-Street.Itjsj3Yrf?""It isthe'HeighffSf Mi.-,. f4ULJomyto wearRcngo,Bclt:.icorsets -theyjastjf(Mdstjreducingcorsefalhavet h e i r Ts t y l.elinJonlyjwheri they are new!ORengo Belt corsets retainjtheiresimtirtheyarciwornroutrtandgreatestfcomfcIcomssfaftert theitUetreaVon- .why;RengoBltcoVseli(have gathered newsbecomefamoutiEconomicalMoitt ComforlmbUsome3nUisteekitic'jiu,Sale BySttt b jiH r?fS3.00, SMX- j , JtoTiCjr&i- r! .-,w-(Wheeling Register; , , W, ,7"wfc-, i$&'&'. -y.r- -itmp?--vt'Wja.-'$,. ?&-- 'i f -. ' K.- 'i? .Q ; "T" ' '?.''2SrtJriitro. (Other Personal om Page I.)"Vr"-r.EUtiFoo "a,THB BOUHftON NlWS,;PAIlIg, Y.j$m BOURBON NEWSPublished 188136 YearsUnions Publication.of Con-Bubllthed "Every Tuesday and Friday.v Pr Year... $2.00 Six Months... $1.00Payable in Advance.tWIFT CHAMP, Editor and Owner.(ntered at the Paris, Kentucky,Potoffice as Mail Matter of thef Second Clasi.)CURIOUS "RUN" ON A BANK.(William A. Shryer, in Leslie's)Suppose you were to be told thata certain bank in your town was besieged by a line of people over 200feet long, and that they commencedto gather long before the doors wereopened at 9 a. m.? Suppose youlearned that the minute the doors"were opened this crowd jammed intothe lobby and, continuingto gather,refused to leave until each and everyone had made his laborious way tothe little cages that need no description? What would you think it youlearned that it became necessary tocall out the police department tohandle such a crowd, which refusedto relinquish their common objectuntil six long hours past the timehonored hour every bank is supposedto close its doors?If your experience with banks andbankers is that of the average man,Jt wouldn't be hard to guess thatyour answer to these questions wouldbe', "A run on the bank, of course."These things occured in the cityof Detroit on March 1 of this year,and the crowd of people that besieged this bank numbered over 6;000. It is possible that a few whoneeded a little money managed tolight' their way to the cages of thepaying tellers and withdrew theirusual daily needs. Five thousandeight hundred and sixty-one of them,however, came for an entirely different purpose. They came to depositmoney in that bank and refused toleave until they had done so.In the light of preconceived notions about banks, one would be entirely justified in branding this storyas a figment of the imagination, andyet .It is true. The bank was theHighland Park State Bank of Detroit, and, what is more remarkablestill, the bank had not hoary traditions of age to partially explain sucha mark of confidence and trust. Itwas a new bank, the youngest in thecity, and on this eventful day wascelebrating its first anniversary.T0V PRESERVE WRITING.Attention was first called to the"bleaching effect of the air and light lnn writins- ink. as used in moderntimes, by the fact that signatures oncertificates had become illegiblethrough the fading of the ink, saysa writer in the Journal of the Societyof Chemical Industry. As it wasimpracticable to test a sample of inkby exposure of writing for a periodof years, it was considered that a limited application of hydrogen peroxide would be the nearest chemicalequivalent to the bleaching effect of, the atmosphere. Writing done bydifferent inks wa-s exposed to light,' the paper being occasionally moistened with a 3 per cent, solution ofhydrogen peroxide, the result beingthat the handwriting gradually became invisible, in some cases morequickly than in others. The violetink used for typewriters was lessreadily acted on, but was quicklybleached by sulphurous acid. If anink could be produced possessing thedesirable properties of perfect fluidityand being nondeposing, and at thesame time incapable of being decolorized by oxidizing or reducingagents, there would be good reasonto believe that the writing done bylsuch an ink would be practically permanent. In the meantime, whenwriting is of an important natureand is desired to endure, some formof carbon ink appears to be the onlytrustworthy preparation.1 m 1SPEAKING OP CHERRIES.'(Indianapolis News.) ,I A Ritter-avenue man who believes" -in masticulation and practices whatC he preaches was entertaining severalgu6ts at dinner a few evenings ago.Blackberry pie was on the bill of fare.Now, blackberry seeds are numberousJimd hard to dodge if one really chews,ami they make a very audible popwfcML crushed. Little things like that, kowerer, must not be permitted to in-terf ere .with health. Mr. Ritter Ave-v mu" things, and so he munched hisway merrily through the pie, twenty-iffht full strokes of the jaw to theforkful. His wife, to relieve herselfotmt slight-embarrassment, made a" faWiou remark about 'the milling' 9rtSofti, which enabled -the gueststeook amusea, which they may' )imii&:u:iQ More, but ,Jm ai. But t-yar-W tW "tfc lay. v. Mmw!" aatt ph. "that fca't amy-tftteg. Yu JiMt ogfct to har fatherRELIGIOUS.St Peter's Episcopal Church,Rev. George H. Harris, rector;Sunday school at 9:30 a. m.; serviceand sermon at 10:45. You are cordially invited to attend.Rev. Frank W. Eberhardt preached his farewell sermon Sunday tothe congregation of the DanvilleBaptist church. He will takecharge of the Georgetown Baptistchurch next Sunday, having accepted a call to that church.The Endeavor Society of thePresbyterian church will meet atthe court house Sunday evening at6:45. Subject, "Home Mission WorkAmong the Immigrants." Leader,Miss France Butler. tThe Presbyterian church willhold services in the court houseSunday morning at 10:45 o'clock,and in the evening at 7:30 o'clock.The morning theme will be, "A Pieceof Brass," and the evening themewill be "Adam."The Woman's Society of theChristian church will hold its regular meeting in the church parlorsthis (Friday) afternoon at 2:30o'clock. Each member is asked tocome and bring a friend. A specialmusical program will be rendered. Afree will offering for the work willbe taken for the Society funds.- The Holiness prayer meetingswhich have been held in the auditorium of the old Bourbon College,will hereafter be held in the Masonic Temple, every Friday eveningat 7:30 o'clock. The meetings areheing well attended. A cordial invitation is extended to all to attendthese services, which are always interesting and instructive.The regular monthly businessmeeting of the Woman's Bible Classof he Methodist church was heldyesterday afternoon at 2:30 o'clockat the home of Mrs. Grant Galloway,on the Ford's Mill pike. There wasa good attendance despite the rainyweather. After disposing of business matters the members of the classwere guests of Mrs. Galloway in asocial hour.At the home of Mr. and Mrs. Edgar Tingle, on South Main street,last night, the-members of the Epworth League of the Methodistchurch held their monthly socialand literary session. The meetingwas in the nature of "a tacky party"in which much ingenuity and originality was displayed in the selectionof costumes.The revival meeting being conducted in the Mt. Sterling Christianchurch by Rev. Mark Collis, of Lexington, and the pastor, Eld. ClydeDarsie. is increasing in interest andattendance. The song service is incharge of Mr. A. L. Boatright, ofParis, of whom the Mt. Sterling Gazette says: "The song leader is A.L. Boatright, of Paris, who, whilenot well known here is considered oneof the finest jmusicians in the State.He has led the congregational singing in several State Conventions andhas a fine tenor voice of rare sweetness and feeling. Mr. Boatright willbe compelled to be away on Sundaysand, on these days Mrs. Loring Turley will act as soloist and chorusleader."' a i laREGISTRATION DAY. TUESDAY,OCTOBER 2.Voters who desire to take part inthe election in November, shouldbear in mind that they will be requir-ea to register on ruesnay, uciooer.This is very essential: Polling boothsopen from six a. m. to nine p. m., forvoters. Let all register.t r TTO TAX PAYERSTax receipts of thecity for 1917 are nowin the hands of CityCollector ClarenceThomas, at the Peoples Deposit Bank.Call and pay themnow.J.T; HINTON,(auglO-tf) Mayor.DEVELOP THE WATER POWER(Norwich,Conn., Buletin,1917.)July 2,The problem of getting fuel is giving the people qt this country causefor much serious thought. It is notbecause there is not sufficient amountof 4t, but because, those who controlthe mines are exacting exorbitantprices and because the transportationsystems of the country have not beenable to meet the requirement of thecoal users and take care of the tremendous amount of other servicewhich has been demanded of them. -But the shortage, the high pricesand the transportation trouble are byno means confined to this country. Itis even worse among the belligerentnations of Eurpoe and some of theneutrals which have been dependentupon belligerents for their coal supply. The result of the fuel situationhere is that the Government has beenforced to take a hand in relieving theshortage and high prices, and abroadattention has been directed to the development of new or previously littleused sources of supply. In both instances some relief will be obtainedbut 'the entire problem is by nomeans solved, and yet while the effectof, this condition is seriously bothering industries none too much attention appears to be devoted toward thedevelopment of hydro-electric stations. There are countries and inthis country there are States whichare not blessed with such natural resources, but New England certainlyis and a vast ,""and unappreciableamount of power js being allowed togo. to, waste every day and.has benfor centuries, and there could be imagined no better time for bringingabout this needed .development thaa.the present. . There is bo better op-MArhimHir tr tliA hiiiimi Hum nlTREE'S GREAT MISTAKE:, vThe late Sir Herbert, Tree metthe late Charles Frohman one morning in Piccadilly."Froman," he said, "that littlechap Barrie has gone out of his mind.He read me a play last evening thatwas madman's work, every line of ita four-act play about children andfaries and Indians, with the mos'timprobable plot you ever listened to!I turned it down, of course, and littleBarrie said defiantly that he'd readit to you, Frohman, so beware! Beware, my boy, and ta-ta!"So saying, the "tall and willowyTree syung jauntilj- away, quite unconscious that he had just refused"Peter Pan,"1 the most profitable playof the Twentieth century.Piano For Sale.A finely - finished mahoganysquare Steinway piano a splendidinstrument for sale at a bargain.Call at residence of Dr. J. T. Brown,on Mam street.(28-tf MISS ELIZABETH BROWN.Publi.Sale ofStock.BankI will sell at the court house doorat Public Auction, on Monday, Oct.1, 1917, (court day) at 11 o'clock a!m., seven shares of the capitalstock of Peoples-Deposit Bank &Trust Co.M. F. KENNEY,(28-lt) Auctioneer.To The Public!The merchants of Paris recentlysigned agreements to close theirstores as follows: Grocery stores at7 p. m. and Saturdays 11 p. m.Other lines of business at 5 p. m., excepting Saturdays. Some of our merchants are doing all they can to liveup to their agreement, while othersfind all kind of excuses to extend thetime of closing. One of their mainexcuses has been that customers willdelay their purchases to the lastminute, and by entering stores at theclosing hour make it difficult formerchants to close their stores asagreed upon.The Merchants Protective Association of Bourbon- County at its lastmeeting directed bv an iinnnimmicvote that the undersigned make anlirrat.f onnn.l V u. IT ,7,7. ,.afic7 n X. r y?ul , Kmaiyassist the merchants by making alltheir purchases so as not. tn mnflinfn-fi. , -ii w..wm. .tmo uiuBiug arrangement.There must' be reason in allthings. A business or householdconducted without order and systemcannot bring complete success. -Remembersuccess does not mean moneyalone but also means "Happiness,Harmony and Good Health;"The mechanic and ordinary daylaborer will not work over 10 or 8hours per day. This, you will agreeis exactly right. But why thenshould we expect a merchant towork from 6 a. m. to 10 or even 12p. m., or from 12 'to 18 hours perday?The merchant desires good healthand wants to live as long as others.He wants to enjoy the company ofhis wife and children at eveningduring the 'week as well as only onSundays. Two hours extra rest eachday means all this for him and betterservice for you on the next day. Nodoubt you believe this is right andare willing to grant him and hisclerks and porters this necessaryrest. Then why not help him to liveup to his pledge and make your purchases accordingly?To those merchants who have sofar failed to close their stores aspromptly as they agreed, we appealagain, "For the good of all, as wellas your own welfare, let us stand together and work like one man."To those merchants who so farhave failed to fall in line on thclosing agreement, we extend anearnest appeal to "Come and work together with us for a common cause,"and to the public we appeal for theirencouragement and co-operation inthis movement, because we believe itright.SignedFRED WECKESSER, Chairman.WM. GRANNAN. SecretaryBusiness Men's Protective AssociationBourbon County, Ky.(28oct-lmoyWANTED!ArmyWe Will Be in Paris on Court DayMonday, October 1stto buy army mules for the United States Army. Mules from1,000 to 1,200 pounds and & to 10-. BRING YOUR MULES IN!,GENTRY, 1H0MPSGS& Cfk. " ' UOWGiON, KY." EXAMINATION OF COLOREDTEACHERS TO-DAY.""" "" """ :An examination of colored applicants for county teachers' certificates will be held to-day and to-r. in fhP 'nflir.G of Miss MabelRobbins, County Superintendent ofSchools, m ine court uuuse.Miss Katherine Marsh'sKindergarten ClassWill Open on Friday, September 28,at the residence of Mr. and Mrs. Wm.M. Talbott, on High Street. CallMiss Marsh over phone for particulars. (28-3t)Estray Taken Up.. Taken up as a stray on the farm ofJos. Clay and Miss Letitia Clay, onthe Winchester pike, near Paris, ablack-and-white Poland China sow.Owner canobtain same by proyingproperty and paying charges. (28-tf)LOSTBuck Sheep will weigh about 150pound, strayed from our place atJackstown. Marked on hip with"o o o" on right hip. Reward forreturn or information leading to recovery. ivn:uiNrs2i.uvxrixi.x cc quin.Carlisle, Ky.(28-3t-pd) Route 1.Public Renting-OF-Bourbon County FarmsThe undersigned will offer at pubslie renting onSaturday, October 13, 1917at 11' o'clock, a. m., at the CourtHouse door, Paris, Ky., the farms ofJos. H. Clay, containing 479 acres ofland, for the year beginning March1, .1918. located near Escondida Sta-jtion, about five miles from Paris, tobe cultivated as follows: 80 acres inhemp; 8 acres in tobacco; 124 acresin corn, (now in meadow) ; 167 acresin wheat (now in corn); and 100" w . Swa. nu-BUSHfcane to be grown. Renter must cutweeds.a w.,, - ..-.,-oam laioiia wuiitiu a. uumj.uri.auiedwelling and necessary outbuildings,two substantial tenant houses, tobacco barn, are well watered, andhave two pass-ways to Escondida Station. TERMS: Negotiable note, dueMarch 1, 1919, bearing 6 from maturity. Right reserved to reject anyor all bids.FRANK CLAY,Trustee Jos. H. Clay.M. F. KENNEY, AuctioneerrAt the same time and place, theundersigned will offer at public renting for the year beginning March 1,1918, a portion of the farm of MissLetitia Clay, containing 209.40 acres,located on the Winchester Turnpike,about 5 miles from Paris, to be cultivated as follows: 66.52 acres inhemp; 91.24 acres in corn; and 51.64acres to remain in grass. No sugarcane to be grown. Renter must cutweeds.Also a tract of 50 acres of landbelonging to George Clay, frontingon the Winchester Turnpike, and adjoining the abovef arm 7.76 acres inhemp; 20.64 acres in corn; and 21.50.acres to continue in grass. No sugarcane to be grown. Renter must cutweeds. Said'50-acre tract contains acomfortable dwelling, outbuildings,and two tenant houses, spring house,etc. Both farms are well watered,convenient to market by rail or turnpike, and will be shown to prospective bidders from the residence of MissLetitia Clay, or by the undersigned.TERMS: Negotiable notes forequal parts of the rental price, payable respectively on 'September 1,1918, and March 1, 1919, bearing6 from maturity. Right reservedto reject any or all bids.H. C. HOWARD,Agent for Miss Letitia Clay, and Committee for George Clay.M. F. KENNEY, Auctioneer.(sept28-oct2-5-9-12)Mules!years; old wanted: "". -The Reliable StoreANNOUNCETHEY ARE NOW SHOWINGThe Latest ModesINFall and WinterReady-to-Wear GarmentsFor Ladies, Misses and ChildrenSerge and Satin DressesSuits For Ladies and MissesCoats For Ladies, Misses and ChildrenSkirts ofGrepe and Georgette WaistsFOR SCHOOL GIRLSSEEJACK TAR MIDDIESNEW GINGHAM DRESSESPRICES REASONABLECOME IN AND SEE "FRANK C& CO.ft HIM I MIMI !!-The Name Tells a True Story1 na B B m I'B H m H BaT H'SuperiorDoubleRun Positive ForceGrainSow. all known seeds, both large and small.Adjustable Disc Wind ShieldsTake up wear. Prevent tiash from catching betweendisc and wheel.Both right and left ground wheels drive all the feeds.Conductor Tube Tops ,permit connection of grass seed: ..spouts so grass seed can be sown in rows.Reducing Pletes for alfalfa, millet, flax, etc.Angle Steel Frame reinforced with I-Beam Steel Bed Rail.Hoppers of Large Carrying Capacity.Oscillating Drag Bar Heads(Single Disc only) give greatest clearance of trash.Disk Wheel and Sliding PinionFor change of quantityFolding Safety LeversS Take up least room in itoring.Twb-Part Axle HangersNot iiecesfary to strip axle inC. S. BALL GARAGE1Cm. Fourth an4y,-Etch Sowing Meam'! II 1 1 M 1 1 H 1 ll IC&XOAll Kindsin 1 1 1 HI 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 inTTTItttlllltl Ml.FeaturesGrainFeeds.icase of accidental breakage.'",PlMMHtt St..l irttIt-j source than in this very direction. '.mmmmmmmmmJ.msv .l& C-Jtft Jm,-,"--i Jn'. '-c' A "i,FitlDAT, SEPTEMBER 28,v19i7. "BOURBON NKWS,:PAR1S, KY.FiMsatfroi-it,SOCIAL AND PERSONAL.Ci&fmjfayjFOR THE BESTNOTHING ELSEWHEAT, RYE ANDTIMOTHY SEED.We have a limitedsupply of OhioGrownEultz Wheat of veryfine quality. Alsoseed rye and timothyseed all recleanedand tested.CHAS. S. BRENT & BRO(septl4-7t) -lea to mi "THE BEST SCHOOL SHOES.For reliable school shoes, go toFeld's Shoe Store. (11-ft)is P 5iREGISTRATION DAY.Tuesday, October 2, will be registration day for all voters who desireto participate in the November elections The polling booths will beopen from, six a. m. to nine p. m.,to accommodate voters. Let all register. tm fe ISJUMOR RED CROSS BRANCHA junior branch of the AmericanRed Cross has been organized inParis by the pupils of Mrs. Fanniebelle Sutherland's private school.Knitting for the French orphanswill occupy the time of the girls,while the boys are devising variousways of raising funds for the causewhile awaiting instructions as towork.V- fefemSTETSON HAT HEADQUARTERSMost every good style and colorfrom Stetson, we have this season$4.50, ?5 and $6. NJ. W. DAVIS & CO.Is lss TsNEW LINE ROBES AND BLANKETS. TARPAULINS ATLOW PRICES.Just received a nice line of robesand blankets, also tarpaulins at asaving.FARMERS SUPPLY COMPANY.PUBLIC RENTING.Attention is called to the advertisement in this issue of the publicrenting, on October 13, of the Jos.Clay lands, on the Winchester pike,near Paris. These lands are in ahigh state of cultivation and shouldmake a good, investment for some onewho desires a good farm."LEARNING TO ELY."Landrum Payne, of Paris, according to a letter to his parents, Mr.and Mrs. J. Walter Payne, is "trying his wings" and learning to flyas an aviator. Young Payne is inan U. S. aviation training camp onLong Island. He writes that he hasmade several flights of 11,000 feetin the air, and expects to becomeproficient enough to be assigned tothe service in France.f96 Is tePARIS MAN HONORED.At the State Convention of theChristian church, held- in Campbellsville, last week, Prof. Thos. A.Hendricks, Superintendent of Schoolsof Paris, was unanimously electedPresident of the State Bible SchoolAssociation.Prof. Hendricks has been one ofthe hardest workers in this city inthe interest of Sunday school work,and has been'an important factor inbuilding up the Men's Bible Classof the Paris Christian church. Hisselection to head the State organization is a testimonial to his ability asa leader and a teacher.Comings and Goings of OurPeople Here, There andElsewhere.SOAP AND SOAP POWDER.Soap and Soap Powder at 5 cents.(It) C. P. COOK & CO.Hi SI J1NEXT CALL FOR 20 PER CENTaUOTA INSTEAD OF 40.Only 20 per cent instead of 40per cent of the quota to be furnished to the new National Army bythose States will be sent to CampTaylor, at Louisville, October 3, inthe next increment from Indiana,Kentucky and a part of Illinois, ithas been learned.Orders to this effect have gone toGovernor A. O. Stanley and totheGovernors of Indiana and Illinois, itwas said by heads of passenger trafficofiicers, who declare the orderstransmitted to them took in allthree States. No reason for thechange in plans was advanced.There are now just over 22,000men at Camp Taylor and this numberwill be increased by0,000 with thearrival of the 20 per cent.mm vPATRIOTIC SPEAKING THIS WEEKTA JjOL-iiU-N UUUAJ.X.W-The Rev. J. M. Maxon, of Versailles, Kentucky, will speak in Millersburg, Friday evening, September28, at 7:30 p. m., at the hall of theMillersburg Institute.Mr. Nat Sewell, State Inspector,will speak' in North' Middletown,Saturday evening, September 29, at7:30 p. in. m A.Dr. John J. Rice, pastor of theJrftbyterian church, in Paris, Kentucky, willspeak.at the Court House,in Pari. pa Sunday afternoon, September 30, at 3 ojctock. . ,Jt is hoped that every one m thecoiy "iriU fiear'at leatfrome of thesesebt, wile :.ai iateaied -toMk9fl9'aliv tfc fact-that .we areat war, : ?. v zr-..-'' 5Mr. Duncan Bell returned yesterday from a sojourn at FrenchLick Springs.DeDutv Sheriff w a TVTnniiTi.,tock left last night for a businessMiss Emma T. Smith is visitingher sister, Mrs. J. W. Taylor, inCynthiana.Mr. Gideon Tucker, of Cincin-.nati, is visiting Mr. and Mrs. HoraceM. Collins and other relatives in thiscity.Mrs. P. H. Lane, of Philadelphia,will arrive to-morrow, to be the guestof Mrs. Swift Champe for severalweeks.Mrs. R. S. Crowder, of Lexington, Ms a guest of Mrs. ElizabethDundon, at her home on Houstonavenue.Dr. Frank Roche, of Lexington,is making .a vacation visit to hismother, Mrs. Thomas F. Roche, andfamily, on. Pleasant street.Mrs. Ruth Allen left Wednesdayfor her home in Pittsfield, 111., after a two-weeks' visit to her brother-in-law,Mr. H. C. Allen, near Paris.Mrs. S. J. Wilson and littledaughter, of Paris, are visiting hercousins, Mr. and Mrs. J. F. Chandler,near Moransburg, in Mason county.Mr. B. F. Graziani, prominentCovington attorney, was a guest Wednesday of his brother, Mr. J. B.Graziani, of the Paris Ice Manufacturing Co.Mr. and Mrs. Robert Frank andchildren, Robert, Jr., and Hallie, areexpected home to-night from SaranacLake, New York, where they havebeen spending the summer.Mr. andj Mrs. Edward Fithian,who were recently married in Lou.isville, have returned there after ashort visit to Mr. Fithian's parents,Mr. and Mrs. Chas. N. Fithian.Mrs. Wm. K. Griffin and littledaughter, Blanche, will leave thefirst of next week for a visit toMrs. Griffin's parents, Mr. and Mrs.A. H. Morehead, in Earlington, Ky.s-Mr. George Glenn, of the A. J.Winters Co., who underwent anoperation for appendicitis some timeago at the Massie Meniorial Hospital,is improving rapidly at his homenear Paris.An operation for the removal ofadenoids and enlarged tonsils wasperformed at the Massie MemorialHospital, in this city, Wednesday onMiss Mabel Connell. The little patient is doing nicely.Miss Mary Allen Hutchcraftcontinues quite ill with typhoid -fever.Misses Mary Bradley and Katherine Wilson, who have been seriously ill for several weeks with thesame disease, are improving, andable to sit up.Mr. and Mrs. Clay Allen, Mr.and Mrs. Best Skillman and daughter, and Mr. and Mrs. Jos. Allenhave returned from a trip to Mammoth Cave. Mr. and Mrs. JoseDhAllen left immediately in their automobile for their home in Wisconsin.Miss Edith Hancock, who hasbeen a patient at the Massie Memorial Hospital for several weeks, suffering with typhoid fever, is convalescent, and has been removed to thehome of her parents, Mr. and Mrs.Harry H. Hancock, on Main street.Her many friends are glad to noteher rapid progress toward recovery.Mrs. Carrie F. Stone has returned from Carlisle, where she has beenfor several weeks nursing cases oftyphoid fever in the homes of Mr.D. M. Curry, formerly of Paris, andMr. Jas. T. Shannon. Mrs. Stone ismaking preparations . to leave withDr. Barrow's Base Hospital Unit forFrance about October 8.Miss Cora Belle Rye, daughterof Mr. and Mrs. James Rye, of Mt.Airy, has resigned her position assaleswoman in the W. Ed. Tuckerstore, where she has been on dutyfor eleven years, and has accepted asimilar position with the W. L.Northcutt Dry Goods Co., at Cynthiana. Miss Rye was one of themost popular members of Mr. Tucker's sales forces.(Other Personals onPage 3)SUES FOR DIVORCE.Suit for absolute divorce hasbeen filed in the office of CircuitCourt Clerk Wpn. H. Webb, in thiscity, by Mrs Nannie Clay Howard,against her husband, Edward Wherritt Howard, of Paris. In the petition Mrs. Howard alleges that the defendant .had been guilty of cruel, andinhuman conduct toward her, andthat he has behaved toward her insuch a manner as to indicate a settled aversion to her, and that shewas not in like fault. The petitionprays for absolute divorce, costs ofthe action and all other just andequitable relief. 'NEW, DIRECTORY. ISSUED.The new city directory of Paris,compiled and issued by the HoffmanPrinting Co., of Qunicy, 111., whomake a specialty of this " class ofwork, is just off the press, and is being delivered to subscribers by representatives of the concern.The newook is a complete one inall respects' and fully justifies theconfidence placed in the promotorswhen they began the work.Mr. Wm. G. Hoffman, president ofthe Hoffman Printing Co.,. came toParis with his representatives to seethat the work of delivery was properly carried on. Aside from this Mr.Hoffman confessed to a desire to seethe Bluegrass region of Kentucky,and especially Bourbon county andParis, of which he had heard somuch. Mr. Huffman said he hadheard from Kentuckians in Chicagoand other parts of Illinois where hehad visited, of the beauty of theBluegrass region in the early fall,and of the wonderfully fine turnpikesystem. He said his visit fully justified all the praise he .had heard.Mr. Hoffman was a member of theIllinois legislature a few years ago,and while in that body, drafted andsuccessfully "engineered the passageof what 'is now known as the illinoisGood Roads bill, which, has donemore than anything to foster andmaintain good roads in that State.Mr. Hoffman was greatly pleasedwith the appearance of Paris andwith the people he had met. "Youhave a good town, splendidly located,with natural advantages that oughtto be utilized, but you need manufactories to help the city along," hesaid. A very patent and palpablefact, as we all know, but which willprobably never be realized.sLANDS POR RENT.Read the advertisement in thisissue of the public renting of the Jos.Clay lands. This farm is one of thebest in the county and would make afine prospect for an investor.IS ISIT'S ECONOMY TO PAY $25For your suit or overcoat. WeVinvp thfi same hierh era.de materialand workmanship in our $25 clothesas always.J. W. DAVIS & CO.ia& m m r-COMPLETES COURSE OF SURGING UAL uiujiSsimx.Mrs. Mav Stoner Clay, of Paris,has completed the course of five lessons in surgical dressing which shehas been giving a class of Red Crossworkers in Cynthiana. Mrs. Claywent to Cynthiana yesterday for thepurpose of examining the work doneby her pupils.She expects to leave for Washington Citv next week where she willspend two weeks making a closestudy of the new and scientific methods of surgical dressings and hospital methods in teaching new classeshere and elsewhere.- W- u - TFRESH FISH TO-DAY DRESSEDTO ORDER FREE.Fine fresh fish received ' fresh forto-day and to-morrow. Remember,we dress them to order free ofcharge.MARGOLEN'S SANITARY MEATMARKET. -fS pS 15 - 'MONEY SAVERS FOR AUTO USERSAUTO OIL AND ACCESSORIESWe save you money on all-kindsof auto accessories and auto oil.FARMERS SUPPLY COMPANY.rtJTWURCARBONLUMPSin THKJUNKWr VAufc-uflll Rill'mfUmmjmPATRIOTIC WEEK.rovernor Stanley has set aside thisweek as "Patriotic-Week" in, Kentucky, and in all parts of the Statethe week is being observed with appropriate programs. No special program, save speeches at differentpoints in the county has been madehere, but Paris and Bourbon countypeople are shpwing their patriotismjust the same.ECONOMIZE!You cannot afford to use carbon electric lamps, when theyconsume three times the currentfor the same light even thoughfree.USB ', .MAZDATUNGSTENLAMPS10, 15, 25 and 40-Watt 27c60-Watt ,, .... . 36c75-Watt NitrogenFilled.65c100-Watt 'NitrogenFilled.,. .....,100BREAKS ARK.'While attimptinr. to climb over astone wall omr.the'j?ifth street side dtkis home,, at Fifth aha Pleasant'streets, M ajor - Thomas Owiic' . ,sliMAi and feiLto th avemetr-- u in itfam In thUi Trtr, Tfi iiTrTisi brnlrrn Wrwhtn rnmlnimmd fM: "Mt" kmtt tfc T7 Wm of the ,ieMnit. "Major Ow-irttt irtetee. ISC . reetitMf tT XntortaWy. ;- ' ii. -1 "".-'. '' ' '- ". '- -- v i.. I. -V- .., - '...-.: .- m'l'1 '''Zj-'iT '' .. ''ji?.'vvIcwAMMim UtWI ,;ysiwe?et".v,r;.5 " "Jfaris, KentuckyADVANCEFALL APPARELSuitsWaistsMillineryNOW DISPLAYING A COMPLETE LINE OF THENEWEST FALL HATSIn smartest styles of Silk Plush, Velour,Zibeline Plush and Velvet. . 'iAutumn Suitsr -iIn Velour, Broadcloth, Burilla and Poplins, displaying the -;smartest of style features. Most moderately priced' ; y '$20.00 to $75.00.fO:Autumn CoatsPlush, Silk Velour, Burilla and Broadcloth, in the fashion'slatest decree as to style and color$10.00 to $75.00Autumn DressesIn Serges and Silks. The styles are most charming inmany new colors and materials; moderate in price. . Theyare the leading garments of the season$5.00 to $40.00Autumn WaistsIn Georgette, Crepe de Chene, Plain and Fancy Styles.Displaying the newest styls features$2.98 to $15.00SUMMER WASH SKIRTS SPECIAL!Smart, Pretty Styles in Fancy Materials, Prices from $5.00 to $12.50,AT HALF PRICE !HARRY SIMONOne Price To AllNOW COMESTHE TIME OF YEAR TO PUTAWAY SUMMER CLOTHES!We Have Just Received Some BeautifulCEDAR CHESTS-ANDMATTING BOXESWe are also showing a very complete line ofRUGSn VV.S -vAt the Lowest Prices.THE X JT HT1VTO1V f!&iI MOTOR HIHEARSEBmt 'F1THCPI'MmmihMWWMtBRuMMOTOR;iNyAiaDeoACft' z -t . - ",. --...36:UNDHtTAKWO. '' ti "-Vr ' v-'s' 'rSX-u&A' 'im&m&& pmaws st.aapiBMBa-jiBiiMB,. sy.-?---..':V '1?Itf9?,tf'thV'4. -3Ci,r 'ftJS;MUfcT FAITH DT CHJJIBEELAIH'SCOnO AND DIAXRHOEAREMEDY"Chamberlain's Colic and DiarrhoeaRemedy was used by my father abouta year ago when he had diarrhoea.It relieved him immediately and by.taking three doses he was absolutelycured. He has great faith n thisremedy," writes Mrs. W.H. "Wmiams,Stanley, N. Y.(sept-adv). ? fe fe 15A hero is generally a man createdby novelists and playwrights.You Don't Have toStoopIf You Use a,GarlandCabinetRangeA beautiful line of Garlands on dlsp!ay. Corns In and look thtm ovar.Paris Gas & Electric Co.' (incorporate)PlimtrqrncaofMakespfaYVss" ' r-i Wtcomplete iyLTHERE'S a heap of joyin a ton of good coal.Your stove or furnacewon t have much troublefrom extracting comfortfrom a ton of coal if youbuy it from, us. Our rapiddelivery will please you.W. C. DODSONSouth Mala St.The Home of Good Coalfjwey. iI.,-- sniBjr jm-mmi win i !'itmm"How Does HeStand at the Bank?That question often is asked,is it not?t If a man stands wellhis words carry weight. He isa factor in the community.Everybody will stand well atthe bank if he or she depositssurplus cash.We are opening new accounts daily.- Oar system of loans and irif "x terest is liberal and simple.We invite a call.farmers' & Traders' Bankw. P.11 STaiauiMJPenina easesthe burden of thehousekeeper by keeping away the dangerof illness resultingfrom colds, coughs,and indigestion dueto catarrhal condition. It speedily relieves and overcomesthese.Its tonic properties build upthe strength of the physicallyweak and run down, and its usein convalesoense, especially after grip,is remarkably beneficial.KEEP IT ON HANDThe wise housekeeper has Perunaon hand for instant use even if catarrhaltroubles do not call for its regular administration. A dose or two in timeoften prevents a Long illness.Liquid 6r tablet form.Manalin Tablets are a splendidlaxative for home useAak the druggistTHE PERUNA COMPANYColumbus, OkioECLIPSE AT SOUTH POLE.(Rochester Post-Dispatch.) . .At the last meeting of the American Astronomical Society, Prof.William F. Rigge called attention tosome remarkable features of the annular eclipse of the sun which willoccur December 13, passes throughthe South Pole of the earth; hencethe eclipse will be visible in all longitudes and at all hours of localtime.The most curious fact which Prof.Rigge brought out in connectionwith the eclipse is this: If we thinkof the South Pole as lying at sealevel, then the central line passesabout four miles from the Pole, andthe axis of the shadow cuts the prolongation of the earth's axis 9.107feet above the pole. But from thereports of Amundsen and Scott weknow that there is a lofty plateauat the pole with an elevation of about10,000 feet. In view of this elevation of the ground, it may be saidthat the central line of the eclipsepasses exactly through the SouthPole.m mTHE PACING KINGS.The kings of pacers meet at Lexington on Wednesday of next week todo battle for The Pheonix HotelPrize, and what a race it will be!Amongst those named to start areWilliam 1:58, Single G 2:00, ButtHale 2:02, Russell Boy 2:00, MissHarris M. 2: 014 Hal Boy 2:01 andI Ben Earl 2:00, and so evenly arethey matched that no horse seems.'able to win two races in succession.Last week Miss Harris M. won, buti it will take a prophet to tell the win-jner over Lexington's fast track nextweek. All the railroads will sellround trip tickets to Lexington at reduced rates.TSi Hi feWIFE WOULD APPRECIATE IT.j A minister home from the trencheshas been recounting his experiencesamong the Scotch regiments, and oneof the interesting stories he tells ofa wounded Jock whom lie foundi rather depressed and on 'being askedI whether he would like to dictate aletter home, he assented, says TitBits. Thereupon the ministerj brought a table with writing mate-i rials to his bedside. However, he, found Jock tongue-tied and unable to. begin, so much so that the parson.said, after a while:J "Come along, now; I'm in a hurry.We must make a start."j "What will I sy?"j No reply."Will I begin, 'My dear wife?'"J "Aye," said Jock, "pit that doon.j That'll amuse her."nW. W. MITCHMLL, CaaMsr..GlUMM.Beokkttr. .THE BOURBON, NEWS, PARIS, KT.y-r.. -. . ... ..i- .i 'BOURBON FAKMNG COJTDlttONS, ,.. ." - .'Tobacco cutting has occupied tneattention of the Bourbon countyfarmers during the past week andthey have been putting in their bestlicks to get the remunerative weedhoused before the frost gets at it.The biggest job now staring thefarmers in the face is the forthcoming sowing of rye, wheat and barley.Corn, however, is still green, and'will not be ready to cut for a weekor so, the numerous rains havingkept it in this state.Almost all the hemp in this countyis in the shock, and the time forcorn shucking' has not yet arrived.Hogs are bringing good prices, seventeen cents on foot being the prevailing price, Good prices havebeen demanded for the young muleswhich have been raised here this season, and there have been quite anumber of buyers from other Statesprospecting for this class of stockin this vicinity. There have beenmore horses and older mules offeredfor sale as well a? younger onesthan for several seasons past. Therecent rains have made the fallgrass good, and this will be advantageous for all kinds of stock.Plenty of beans are yet to be had,and watermelons and canteloupesare abundant and delicious. Thelast straggly grapes have been gathered and many are busy convertinggreen tomatoes, peppers and onionsinto pickles. Tomatoes have soldas high as $2.25 per bushel duringthe past week, and potatoes veryscarce owing to the drouth, are nowbeing sold at $1.40 to $1.60 perbushel. Roasting cars are tender andare now being.sold at thirty cents perdozen. Eggs are selling at fiftycents per dozen, and it is very hardto get cream for butter, becauseforeign markets are offering nearly$2 per gallon for good cream, andfeed is so high that farmers areprofiting by selling the cream.i 1 EaWILL NOT SEIZE HOME FOODS.There is no truth in a widely circulated statement that the Government expects to take food suppliesfrom any family. Both the Food Administration and the Department ofAgriculture join in a statement tocounteract what seems to be a deliberate propaganda to the effect thatthe Government intends to take fromevery family all canned goods put upin excess of 100 quarts.This is only one of the variationsof the rumor, which has been widelycirculated. Another statement is thatthe Government has been urging thecanning, drying, and preserving offruits and Tegetables so that theywill be in a convenient form for theGovernment to handle and transportwhen it takes them away from thepeople. Further elaboration is thatthese goods are to be taken from theAmerican homes and shipped to England. JIn one instance a motorist stoppedat a farmhouse to fill the radiatorof his automobile. In the course ofconversation he casually inquiredwhether the farmer's family was canning all the surplus fruits and vegetables in order to help conserve thefood supply. He was informed thatthe farmer was not doing this because the Government intended totake all the canned goods away except a small part of it actually needed by the family itself.The authorities state emphaticallythat no such course has ever been contemplated by the Government. Onthe contrary, both the Department ofAgriculture and the Food Administration are strongly urging housewives to can and preserve, especially at this time, all surplus fruits'and vegetables in order that thehouseholds themselves may have acheap and plentiful supply of food.CATABBH CANNOT BE CUREDWith LOCAL APPLICATIONS, asthey cannot reach the seat of thedisease. Catarrh is a local disease,greatly influenced by constitutionalconditions, and in order to cure ityou must take an internal remedy.Hall's Catarrh Medicine is takeninternally and acts through the bloodon the mucous surfaces of the system. Hall's Catarrh Medicine wasprescribed by one of the best physicians in this country for years. It Iscomposed of some of the best tonicsknown, combined with some of thebest blood purifiers. The perfectcombination of the ingredients inHall's Catarrh Medicine is what produces such wonderful results incatarrhal conditions. Send for testimonials, free.F. J. CHENEY & CO., Toledo, O.Sold by Druggists, 75c.Hall's Family Pills for constipation. (sept-adv)-, .i m mMABELTEASK2:02V4.After being beaten by St. Frisco2:01 at Pougbkeepsie, Hartfordand Syracuse, Mabel Trask cameback at Columbus, Ohio, last week'and defeated this wonderful stallionin a most desperate race. But canshe beat him twice? That will be decided at Lexington's Great TrotsThe other probable starters for theCastleton Cup are Zomrect 2:03,Early Dreams 2:04 and Ross B.2:04.HAS A HIGH OPINION OF CHAH, BEBLAgTS TABLETS,"I have a high opinion of Cjhambtrlain's Tablets for biliousness andas a laxative," writes Mrs. C. A.Barnes, Charleston, 111. "I 'k$.rtMTtr found anything so mild andBleatant to use. My brother has alsothese tablets with-satisfactoryrnm I JSSheE25Ektratford Six-5 1Lmwood Six-3?Glendale-Six-39Rmok ands ' Six-5 1Dartmoor Six 39 'Paige-DetroitWitla Dickeroa & Douelas Garage, 4th andSERVICE STATIONliiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiMUTILIZING OLD TIN CANS(U. S. Commerce Report.)The country-wide desire for economy and the present high cost ofpig tin has led to many inquiries regarding the - possibility of utilizingold tin cans. The following factsare' presented for the information ofthose interested: Tin cans may beutilized in several ways. First,they may be "de-tinned," the products from this process being steelscraps (used in open-hearth furnaces), tetrachloride of tin (used inthe silkdyelng industry), pig tinused in jmaking tin plate), babbitmetal and solder, and. -solder ashes(refined into solder.) Second, friction top cans- may be cleansed andreused in the household. Third, thecaps may be removed from used cans,which may then be filled with paints,chemicals, etc., and new caps applied. There are at least two detinning companies in this country thatutilize old tin cans. The two companies purchase tinplate scraps fromcan makers and others and old tin"Cans from junk dealers and community organizations. From 10 to 25per cent, of their capacity is devotedto old tin cans.la te IBGIELS! GIRLS! TRV IT!STOP DANDRUFF ANDBEAUTIFY YOUR HAIRHair Stops Falline Out and Gets.Thick, Wavy, Strong andBeautiful.Your hair become light, wavy, fluffy,abundant and appears as soft, lustrous and beautiful as a young girl'safter a "Danderine hair cleanse."Just trv this moisten a cloth with alittle Danderine and carefully drawit through .your hair, taking onesmall strand at a time. This willcleanse the hair of dust, dirt and excessive oil and in iust a few moments you have doubled the beautyof vour hair.Besides beautifving the hair atonce, Danderine dissolves every particle of dandruff: cleanses, purifiesand invigorates the scalp, foreverstopping itching and falling hair.But what will please you mostwill be after a few weeks' use whenyou will actuallv see new hair fineand downy at first yes but reallynew hair growing all over the scalp.Tf you care for pretty, soft hair andlots of it, surely get a 25 cent bottle of Knowlton's Danderine fromanv drugsrist or toilet counter, andjust try it. (adv)1 US S3 HaBARBED WIRE AND THE WAR.(St. Louis Globe-Democrat.)The part that barbed wire hasDlaved in the war is reflected to someextent bv the foreign' commerce Te-ports.' This is peculiarly an American product, the Blidden inventionTiavins been first utilized on a largescale by John W. Gates at St. Louis.The descriptions from the front showthe effective use made of this simpleinvention, which the late SenatorIngalls said was suggested by themanner in which he milk cowsavoided bramble bushes. It was woven and twisted into a barrier that5S3S 1?52'S!!5 SffliH!? M! ,UCVC1UJ7CU luc uoc ui aiuiicij xu ou.amazing fashion.- The study of fortifications has been followed from thebeginning of human history and it isa singular fact that a simple fencingdevice, designed for an untimberedicountry should surpass every other!obstacle to progress' of a modernarmy., , ,Most Beautiful CarinbriericaXThe ThoroughbredPaige cars are the ideal combination of rare beauty andmechanical excellency A Paige loos the part' and acts the part . ,It is a thoroughbred fio matter whether you judge itfrom the standpoint of artistic design or the gruel' ling tests of the road.In your own community perhaps in your own neigh'borhood there is a family that owns a Paige car.Make it a point to. meet these people and discover justwhat their experience has been. Do this, and unlesswe are greatly mistaken, a new Paige will be stand'ing in front of your home very shortly thereafterNOTE It is impossible for us to guarantee the followim prices for any definite length of time" seven-passenger ?153" bedan "i1!?five-passenger $1260 Sedan "StxolChummy Roadster $ 1 260 1 own Car "Six-Mfour-oassenser 5!4 Limousine oix-7i2 or 3 passenger $1260AH prices i o bMotor Car Company, Detroit,F. P. WHITEHichWjljSH Jack Frost cuts deep into the V:-JW poorly painted house. Each (--Jm j isfpPIWBW cold snap freezes the moisture Jr fSMbbbIbbsHH in the boards and cracks the -.Jack Frost cuts deep into thepoorly painted house. Eachcold snap freezes the moisturein the boards and cracks thewood just as freezing burstsr0gr bottles of water.Keep out the moisture with weather-proofpaint made of Dutch Boy White Lead thinnedwith pure linseed oil. That will defeat JackFrost. It will add fresh beauty, long remainsmooth, non-cracking and weatherproof.We have all paint materials for big or little jobs.And friendly advice, too. Call, 'phone, or write us.C. A.A MAN AND HIS WIFETLEVY, THE DRY CLEANERCumberland Phone 40 Home Phone 169 2A man -named Smith is runningfor Mayor of Louisville. He palliatesthe offense by using bis full nameof George Weissinger Smith duringthe- campaign. Naahyille Banner.Professional Cards.DR. WM. KENNEYEy Ear, Note" aUd" ThroatROOM 4W404.FIRST NAT'L BANK lUILDINaPHONE 1St.WM. GRAIHNAN3 Atriiey-t.Law- RbOM.4tV40ft.FaiBAY, acpmmft , stxfse-r?-five-pabsenRer $!S75' seven-passeiei $2400seven-passenger 52850seven-passenger J2SS0DetroitMichiganSt.ParisDutch BoyAnchorWhiteLeadid fL -may both derive satisfactionby having their worn and soiledgarments cleaned by us. Thecost is nominal, while the pie asure of wearing old clothes' thathave the appearance of new, inconjunction with the knowledgethat you are effecting a greatving, must surely satisfy youA phone brings U3.CABAL BROS.BARBER SHOPPrompt andCourteousPatrons.Attention tHOT Am) COLD BATHS.NUi y rew tint sormtl rigor an.laWnfe. Worth living BlmnLivktowmgvwsnmm wimm k MtDAUGHERTY(0r JaXresults -",t'WJTlJr.tlsfiT , -Many itsm afsj4tvttuff4 suits of. 'jktfft i .: 2 ;EaxkXitatky.ih&jjo:u,)FfMX NATO, BAN UlLDiMI1TM "?--r ftev.Bfe;:&gm&im'"$"iJt, - - j, x v - if4.aV.Y-A&A-"OjPf-.3,';: i- vCr-. Vi-Wi- yi aFRIDAY, SEPTEMBER" 28, 1917.-HE BOURDON NEWS, PARIS, Kl.i"Wi1ViJC3,'Jl?5a K', Kr-WaMaqMiMMftMIliMf -i - ,10YOFRE BILIOUS! LET"CASCARETS" IIVENLIVER AliD BOWELS.Don't Stav Headachy.Sick. With Breath Bad andStomach Sour.FOURTH SERIES LIBERTY. BOHDSOFFERED TO PUBLIC.The fourth series of short timeConstipated, ; treasury certificates of indebtednessissued in anticipation or tne secondLiberty Bond issue has been offeredto the public by the treasury. TheGet a 10-cent box now. issue, $400,000,000, is larger thanYou men and women who can't get any yet offered at the department,feeling right who have headache, and bears interest at a higher rate,coated tongue, bad taste and foul 4 per cent, as authorized in the warbreath, dizziness, can't sleep, are credits loan. Previous issues havebilious, nervous and upset, bothered not "borne higher than ZYs per centwith a sick, gassy, disordered stom-' interest.ach, or have a bad cold. I The total of certificates in ad-Are you keeping your bowels clean 1 vance of the second Liberty Bond iswith Cascarets, or merely forcing a 'sue now amounts to $1,250,000,000.passageway every few days with salts I Like those of the preceding offeror cathartic nills or castor oil? i ing, the new certificates will be con-Cascarets work while you sleep; vertible into Liberty Bonds at par,cleanse the stomach, remove the sour, i and will be exempt from all incomeundigested, fermenting food and foulgases; take tne excess bile from theliver and carry out of the system allthe constipated waste matter andpoison in the bowels.A Cascaret to-night will straightenyou out ly morning a 10-cent boxfrom any drug store will keep yourstomach sweet, liver and bowels regular, and head clear for months.Don't forget the children. They loveCascarets because they taste goodnever gripe or sicken. (adv)Ki fePEOPLE OF THE AMAZON.One of the most interesting explorations of modern times is that whichthe University of Pennsylvania hasconducted in the Amazon basin.Many of the wild tribes in that unknown jungle region were visited bywhite men for the first time whentaxation except tne surtax on incomes of more than $5,000.The treasury department reservesthe right to redeem the entire $400,000,000 issue at par and accrued interest upon ten days' notice at anydate. The subscription books willremain open until October 2 and thecertificates will mature September15 next.The offering will be placed throughthe federal reserve bank and is opennot only to bankers, but to the general public.m jm imEXPLORERS DESCRIBE "FIRSTWONDER OF THE WORLD."Safe return to civilization, after asuccessful tour of the "Valley of 10,000 Smokes," the National Geographical Socety's Mount Katmai expe-the expedition reached their villages. to tlie' S0Ciety headquarters at Wash-Nearly all of them treated the scientists hospitably, many of themerecting special huts and offering allpossible aid and information.These Indians of the South American interior are now for the most"part in the same condition as theNorth American Indians were duringthe early Spanish explorations of thiscountry that is, they have not yetbeen corrupted or diseased by contact with civilization. Most of themare remarkably healthy and well developed. They live largely by hunting, fishing and gathering the fruitsof the jungle. Most of them cultivate nothing but cassava, which is astaple food among them. The development of agriculture is checkedby the fact that almost all materialsgrow wild in abundance.There is even a species of wild cotton which the women ffather andspin. Houses are built of polesthatched with palm leaves. Many ofthe Indians sleep in hammocks woven of plant fiber. Their way of lifeis surprisingly elean and sanitary.Indians of the Parikutu tribe, forexample, bathe several times a day,using bamboo scrapers in lieu ofTurkish towels.te E3 ISNOTICE TO THE PUBLIC.ington, D. C, from Robert F. Griggs,head of the expedition, now at Kodiak, Alaska.Griggs' message declares that inthe light of the expedition's discovery the valley will stand as the firstwonder of the world. Instead of"10,000 smokes," as the vast volcanicarea in Alaska is now known, thevalley is said to have literally millions of active vents in a space of ahundred square miles.The survey of the explorationparty proves, according to the message, that Katmai is the greatestcrater on the face of the globe, being more tnan nine miies in circum-Theference and 3,600 feet deep.party also discovered a mud riverseventeen miles long, and mapped 1,600 miles of territory hitherto uncharted'. Two thousand photographsof the great volcano and the contiguous territory were secured and acomplete collection of plants, insects,birds and geological data is beingbrought back to the United States.Gases from the vent are also beingbrought back for chemical analysis.This expedition, which is expectedback in Washington about October 5,set sail for Mount Katmai regionKentucky has been admitted to the from Seattleon May 28, fully equipBegistration Area of tlie U. S. Census pea in every particular to completeBureau. If this State is to prove her- tfce WOrk begun by the society'sself worthy of this honor, it is abso-' earlier expeditions of 1913, 1915 andlutely necessary that the following 191 6. . 'injunctions be 'rigidly carried out: J si fcs laAll births occurring in any month wkeN YOUR CROP IS HARVESTEDmust be reported in ten days, juacnitem of certificate must be carefullyfilled in anji parents instructed tonever change the child's name with.out due process of law, as the recordimmediately become legal on signature of attending physician or midwife. The census bureau at Washingtonwill receive transcripts of everybirth record and these will be usedin compiling statistics. Any omission on the certificate will be promptly noted and queried.DO SPIDERS KNOW?Employes of No. 3 mill of theMount Vernon-Woodberry CottonDuck Company were greatly excitedwhen two cobwebs were found, oneon each side of the grate. The spideron the right had made his web in aform which spelled out in bold letters"War ends in September," while hisWjhen your crop is harvested do notallow the ground to grow in weeds.This only means piore weeds nextyear. Clean up the space, and ifthere is time plant in something else.In planting the succeeding crop itshould differ as widely from the firstas possible. For instance, peas canbe planted where potatoes have been,or beets where beans, but never follow with plants of the same type,for requiring the same nourishment,they exhaust the ground and putnothing back.A winter cover crop should beplanted on the ground not occupiedwith late or winter vegetables. Thisis an interesting way of fertilizingthe ground. All pod-growing plants,called legumes, enrich the soilthrough the action of bacteria growing on their roots.The bacteria forms little sacks ornodules on the roots and, by the action of their bodies, extract the nitrogen from the air and deposit itnrrmnd themselves as nitrates. ThusSIGN PLEDGE T(f SAVE FOOD,)WEEK, OF OCTOBER 21. STOCK, CROP, ETC.Every family in Bourbon county is aa.4. "j n xi j WWWWWWWWWWW99W9tJACyULtlU lu uner its uu-uyctcikxuii 111the country-wide campaign" about tobe launched for the conservation ofthe nation's food supply, and wordhas been received here that Mr. FredM. Sackett, of Louisville, FederalFood Administrator for Kentucky,has indicated it to be his opinion thatBourbon county will not fail to heedthe advice for stopping wastage offood in the homes. According to Mr.Sackett the national administrationanticipates the heartiest co-operationin every American home and regardsthe elimination of waste in the kitchen as a vital factor in the successfulprosecution of the war.On Sunday, October 21, volunteermembers of the various county organizations will begin a house-to-housecanvass in every county of the State,and householders everywhere will beasked .to sign cards pledging themselves to avoid wasting food and tofollow such general directions for theconservation of food as may be issuedfrom time to time by -the UnitedStates Food Administration.It is estimated there are 551,152families in Kentucky and that theaverage number of persons in eachfamily is four, and upon each of thesewill devolve the duty of living up tothe pledge given the government bythe head of the household. The taskwill not be a difficult one, and if metconscientiously and cheerfully thework of the Food Administration willshow some splendid results immediately. "It .would be a shameful thing,"said Mr. $ackett, "if when the finalfigures are announced Kentucky isfound to be lagging in this her primeduty of the moment. At Washingtonit is estimated that of the total number of families in each State approximately 75 per cent, will sign thepledge cards. I anticipate that Kentucky will beat this record and that90 per cent, or possibly a larger figure than that, will take the pledge toaid the Government in this greatemergency. Ours is a great opportunity. If we grasp it promptly wewill place ourselves on record withthose who wish to win the war quickly and at the same time releste food,that otherwise might be wasted, toour needy allies over the seas."The following general suggestionshave been made by the Food Administration as helpful in meeting andmaking effective the Government'saims in conserving tlie food resourcesof the country:Buy less; cook no more thannecessary; serve smaiier portions. 'Use local and seasonable supplies. Patronize your local producersand lessen the need of transportation. Preach and practice the "gospel of the clean plate."We do not ask the American people to starve themselves. Eatplenty, but wisely, and without waste.Do not limit the plain food ofegrowing children.Do not eat between meals.Watch out for the waste in thecommunity.You can yourself devise othermethods of saving to the ends-we wish to accomplish. Under various circumstances andwith varying conditions youcan vary the methods of economizing. Kentucky was one of the first-rankStates in the matter of food production this year. Her people, in citiesand towns, as well as on the farms,nobly responded to the call for morevegetables and grain. The harvesthas been plentiful and now the advantage thus gained must be protected by guarding against waste.Food that is tnrown out is waaieu.The government has no desire toask its people to deprive themselvesof whatever food they need; neitheris it intended to dictate to them whatthey do with the supply they havelaid up. They may use it hemselves,sell it, or give it away. All that isurged by the Government is that nogood food be wasted.??,"'-'Richard H. Wills, of Paris,bought forty head of fine horses atFlemingsburg, Monday.The herd of Duroc .hogs of Coldstream Farm, on the Newtown pike,near Lexington, under the management of George Clayton, formerly ofBourbon, has taken 65 premiums atthree Southern State Fairs.Mr. R H. Jordan, of Atlanta,Ga., is in this county looking forgood horses. While here lie visitedmost of the stock farms and made anumber of purchases-At Winchester this week P. C.Lisle of this county, sold a weanling mule to Clark county partiesfor $90. R. L. Penn bought a horsemule from L. B. Burgher, of Winchester, for $90.Two hundred and fifty-sixsheep were sold by Auctioneer B. B.Peak, at Georgetown, Tuesday, atprices ranging from $13 to $16 perhead. Fifteen buck lambs sold for$5 to $10.25 per head, thirteenbucks at from $10 to $20 each.Three steer calves brought $32 perhead; two mule colts brought $55and $75.50 each; three heifers soldfor $25 per head.Boots, winner of the Suburbanand Brookdale handicaps this year,and probably the best horse in thestable of A. K. Macomber, had tobe destroyed at Lexington as theresult of breaking his leg. Thegelding was in' the paddockand stumbled in a hole, causing theinjury. Mr. Macomber is said tohave paid $35,000 for Boots whenhe purchased him.Chas. Best, of Paris, was one ofthe leading winners with his stableof show horses at the TennesseeState Fair, at Nashville last week.He was first in the 3-gaited saddleclass with Mi Lady Jane; first in theheavy harness class with Jack Wadsworth; first in the fine harness team,and second in saddle sweepstakeswith Charming King. 'E3 3A ROAD TAX WITHOUT BONDSOR DEBT.WBm ThebJllltaifillK:gys iavorcteis Easiest0?,BIACK WHITE TANSHOE POLISHESP.f.OALteY CO. OP NEW VORK-r INdf UP PAUO, N .V.VG. W. DAVISFuneral DirectorCorner Fifth and Pleasant Streets, Paris, KyDay Phones 137 Night Phones' 299 or 999Automobile Ambulance Automobile HearseUndertakingOur Winton-Six Automobile Ambulance with Johnson.&vJohnson First Aid Equipment and the Lungmotor (recentlysecured by us at great expense) a resuscitating device forthose apparently dead from drowning, gas poisoning, electricshock, collapse from anaesthasia, etc., always ready for service. DAY OR NIGHT. Phone us immediately when anaccident occurs.neighbor on the left told in letters jthe soy beans (soja) are constantlyjust as plain, "Victory for America.The words were discovered by oneof the factory girls. An expert indraftmanship could not have formedthe letterschange.Hint to amateur farmers: Oneputting nitrogen into the ground andare of additional vaiue 11 piuwtju mtuthe ground after the seed is gathered.Mrs. Alex Caldwell in Septembermore perfectly. Ex-' Southern Woman's Magazine.ei. fsz fviA new seaport recently bunt oys is PaSHERLOCK HOLMES IS POSTED ASA SLACKER.Tn manv counties .the people arewilling to vote a good road tax, butthey do not want to create a bondeddebt. or any debt, and to permit thepeopie in any county to vote a roadtax without debt or bonds there waspassed at the special session of 1917'an act that allows any county tovote an annual tax in any sum notexceeding 20 cents on the onehundred dollars to be used in building new roads and repairing old ones.Already several counties have votedthis tax and will collect it this year.The tax can be voted at either aspecial election or the regular November election. I Counties thatwant this tax can vote it by a maioritv vote at the next Novemberelection and have the benefit of it onthe roads next year, as the FiscalCourt can borrow next spring 80 percent, of the amount the tax will raiseand begin work on the roads early 'inthe year, paying the borrowed moneyout of the tax collected in that yearwhen collected; and under this actno debt can be created in any yearthat can not be paid out of the taxtax collected in that year. -Thebooks must be balanced at the end ofeach year and there is no debt to becarried over. The money raised bythis tax need not be used on Inter-County-SeatRoads or State Roads.Tt can be nut on any road orbridge that the Fiscal Court wantsko build or repair.The tax voted may be 5, 10, 15 or20 cents on the one hundred dollarsand it may be voted for one year or ,any number of years not exceeding,ten. All counties tnat want guuuroads without bonds or debt andthat can not raise enuogh money under the present 50 cents tax to keepthe roads in repair should vote thistax. Get a copy of this new lawfrom your County Clerk or write tome and I will send you a copy. Votethe 20 cents tax at the Novemberelection and begin your road worknext spring.RODMAN WILEY,State Road Commissioner.la sBISHOP TO BE W.'TH SOLDIERSAT THE PRONT.T. W. SPICERNatural Gas FittingPlumbing and HeatingA Full Line of Gas Stoves andRangesPut in Your Stoves Now Before the FalljRushMain Street, . Opposite Court HouseBOTH PHONESthe Government on the east side ofj-t, Tnlnn1 rtf T.nrrm will shnrfpTi theway to remove weeds is to marry the' rnvatra . tTlA PhninniTies from Amer-Wldow. j nnrfo lw tli TAP tn fivp. davs.lVyO.il JtUl J tJJ v. ww ww . -The Bourbon LaundryDWIS & FUNK, Props.Telephone No. 4. West 5 StreetI ZTiJr(ISatisfaction is OurWatchwordWith all the latest improvements in laundryappliances and experthelpers we are preparedto do work inferior tonone, and solicit yourpatronage.Bourbon Laundry,jr -Kentucky.(New York World.)Chicago. The local offices of theDepartment of Justice will now4 haveto out-Sherlock Sherlock Holmes.This gentleman of international famehas disappeared on the eve of battle,so to speak. In any event, he failedto show up for 'physical examinationbefore local board No. 50, and theboard has reported him to the Federal authorities.Those most familiar with the famous detective predicted he wouldappear at the ."psychological moment," and hazard the guess that heis somewhere lost in reverie over apipeful of his well known tobacco.Members of local board JNo. &u, Deingpractical patriots, have declined to"await developments," and have reported him as delinquent, much tothe dismay of Holmes thousands ofyoung and old admirers.Dink Binks is another, who ' hasfailed to show.s la PNEWSPAPER CHANGES.The Danville Advocate announcesthat Mr. Harry A. Richardson, an oldand capable newspaper man, has resigned his position as traveling representative of the Mergenthaler Linotype Co., and will be one of the manag of that excellent paper.THE NEWS extends its congratulation to our contemporary on the acquisition of so good a man as it is-certainMr. Richardson will make TheAdvocate..As a general thing thelfast youngman isn't thatway about paying hisBishop William Lawrence, chairman of the recently organized warcommission of the Protestant Episcopal Church, announced that theRev. J. M. McCormick, Bishop ofWestern Virginia, would sail .forFrance early in October, to represent the commission in its work forthe men of the army and navy at thefront.The commission plans to raise$500,000 to be used in reinforcingand equipping army and navy chaplains, strengenther.ing the activitiesof parishes near the camps, and follow up in helpful ways the men ofthe church who are in the service ofthe nation.1 IS BA rope three inches in diameterand 1,000 feet long has been foundin Beattyville, Ky. Probably it isintended for use in hanging thatwell-known outlaw, Bill Hohenzollern. Richmond Virginian.ELIMINATEYOUR WORRIESHigh cost of living, warm weather andscarcity of labor is a condition where aHOME TELEPHONEin your residence at reasonable rates andcourteous treatment to all would eliminate a good portion of the worries attributed to this cause.Call at our office or telephone 427, 411 'or320 and place your order.Paris Home Telephone S Telegraph Go.(Incorporated)J. J. VEATCH,District Manager.W.H.CAHX0K,Local Manaftr.MAMMOTHCHE$12.15 For an All-Expense Three-Days Tour from Paris Sept 29Personally Conducted by the Excursion Agent L. & N. R. R. ". 1.nnnd trin tickets $5.65. Board at the Cave-Hotel, includincrthe several routes -in :tbseavefor S6.5CL Tickets on?aalor niornifitrams. ,,Phojtte;Lrr&-N. Agentv (UJ ':MITr- ,-f . -""W-.---AV t N - I F 'j-jsl-J-.yS" -vvr "V"8r!aip!Tr.S? J " jfiipjJJTMjMWBHtitWSWSCK985PfisagfeiVSSrsrairlWar gpT 'vrwssi' ---ftwpre -- 'c' ,Xt - ' --' 4"n" wm iii iwnuppv-Mpar mmiimmtmmmmmmmmmmmimmmmammmmmaammmmmmm.- -' . . . - - ,, , -, IMII1WII J I J PWP.Hi MMM'""-Ve-"iComing( AttractionsPARIS GRAND AI ALAMO, FRIDAYENID BENNETTin"Happiness"Triangle K.B. production.Popular Players, in'His One Night Stand'Triangle Comedy.PEARL WHITEin the 14th episode of"Pearl of the Army"Also Hearst Pathe Weekly News.No. 73.SATURDAY. '"A Limb of Satan"Gold Seal drama. "Her Daring, Caring Ways," L-KO comedy in twoparts. "Bobby, Boy Scout," Vitagraph comedy.Alamo at night, Evart Overtonand Miriam Fouche in "Soldiers ofChance," Vitagraph Blue Ribbon feature. MONDAY.Mae Murray in"The Primrose Ring"From the story of Ruth Sawyer,produced by Lasky Feature Co.'Paramount Pictograph; also aKlever Komedy with Victor Moore.Hours Alamo, 2 to 5:30; Paris Grand,7 to 1 0:30, Admission 5 and 1 0c.pMATRIMONIAL. "''-4Marriage licenses were issuedthis week from the office of CountyClerk Pearce Paton to Mr. W. S.Hall and Mrs. Frances Lail, and Mr.Joha Hiram Smith and Miss BessieMcCord. All the parties are fromBourbon county.MILLERSBURGMr. Clemon Insko is no better.Miss Esther Tarr improvesslowly.Mr. and Mrs. Jesse Cumber imoved Monday to rooms in Ingelsflat, from Paris.Mr. N. P. Rice, of Hutchison,"was the guest of his daughter, Mrs.F. E. Peterson, Monday.Mrs. D. B. Dunn was the guestof -her parents, Mr. and Mrs. Robinson, at Wilmore, from Monday tillWednesday.Regular meeting of Amity LodgeNo. 40, R. and A. M., Tuesday, atseven-thirty p. m. All members areurged to be present.Rev. and Mrs. R. G-. Goldsmithhave returned from the bedside oflier brother, Mr. Daniel, at Owenton, who is improving from an attack of typhoid fever. jMr. Joseph Corrington, of LittleRock, Ark., was the guest of hisbrother, Mr. C. Wl Corrington, Tuesday and Wednesday. He was enrouteto his home, after a visit to his sonat Ithica, N. ,Y.Morris iWng, colored, underwent an operation Tuesday morning;"by Dr. J. D. Calhoun, at his office,assisted by Dr. Stern, of Paris. In'August, Young was accidently shotin the eye, which made the operationnecessary.The many friends of Mr. R. B.Boulden will be glad to learn thathe is improving nicely, after a seTere sickspell at his home in Pueblo, Colo., and will regret to learnthat his son-in-law, Mr. L. M. West,with whom 'he resides, is quite ill.-A neighborhood meeting ot tnevice at the grave all that was mortal of Mrs. Elizabeth Hutsell Powling, was laid to rest by the side ofher husband in the Carlisle Cemetery. She is survived by two brothers, James Hutsell', of Mt. Sterling,and Tice Hutsell, of Pueblo, Colo.Quite a number from Millersburg attended, including her invalid aunt,Mrs. M. E. Martin, who will feel herless most keenly, as those two invalid ladies have been inseparableduring the" two years they have bothbeen confined to their homes.fe te 1E3DEATHS..VEACH.The funeral of Mr. James L.Veach, a former resident of NorthMiddletown, who died Sunday inLafavette, Ind., was held in theNorth Middletown Cemetery, Tuesday afternoon at three o'clock. Services were conducted by Rev. JohnChristopherson at the grave. Thebody arrived in Paris, Mondaymorning and was taken to the home ofMr. Thomas Wells, in North Middletown, from where the funeral tookplace. Mr. Veach died in St. ElizaMcWHORTER COLLINSAt his residence in this citycity Monday, Rev. W. E. Ellis performed the ceremony uniting inmarriage Miss Nannie McWhorter,of Lexington, and Mr. Shirley Collins, of Carlisle. The bride is aformer resident of Millersburg, andthe groom is employed in a Carlislegarage. After the ceremony, Mr,and Mrs. Collins returned to Carlisle.TURNER DYKES.The marriage of Mr. DanielDykes and Miss Myrtle Turner, bothof Richmond, took place at thehome of the officiating minister, Rev.Mr. Motherly, in Richmond, Tuesday.The groom is a grandson of Mr. T.Dykes, of Paris, and the bride is adaughter of Mr. and Mrs. F. W. Turner. Mr. and Mrs. Dykes are guestsof Mr. Dykes, in Paris, before returning to Richmond to make their home.LAIIi HALL.The marriage of Mr, William S.Hall, who resides near Kiserton, andMrs. Frances Lail, of Paris, -tookplace Tuesday afternoon at touro'clock at the home of the officiatingminister, Rev. I. J. Spencer, in Lexington. The wedding was witnessedby Mr. William Lail, of Paris, a sonof the bride, and Mr. L. M. Kern.The license was procured fromCounty Clerk Pearce Paton, and theredding party motored to Lexingtonfor the ceremony.The bride is the widow of the lateMr. T. Lail, who was for many yearssuperintendent of the Peacock distillery at Kiserton, and the groom isa young farmer, of near Kiserton.Mr. and Mrs. Hall returned afterthe ceremony to the home of thegroom, where they will reside.STOCK, CRWETC..Caywood, Smith .& McClintocksold this week to G. W Jordan, ofHawkinsville, Ga., nineteen ,mulesand six mares for $5,250-.Caywood & McClintock delivered this week to Lew Taylor 32 feeders at 9 cents; to Dr. M. H. Dailey40 feeders at 9 cents; to Geo. K.Pepper 36 at 9 cent, and 40 to Harvey Rogers, of Clark county, at 9cents.itHIU fritii Ml i i 1 11 1 Hiim milI llMfoile & Co.Whitt & Pruett, of Knoxville,Tenn., sold1 a carload of Percheronmares at the M. J. Murrjhv & Co 'sstock yards Monday, which averag- Sed $90 each, as follows: Four to'SMrs. Nellie Stoker Highland forT?500; one to Claude Weathers for$10v0; nine to Ed. Burke for $800;two to Thos. Toohey for $165; onejTto jenry jbunrman tor $yu; one toHenry Dodge for $100; two to W. O.Korlas for $160; one to Matt Bedford for $100; 'one to W. R. Finneyfor $105. The mares were raised tin Nebraska especially for farm work.EGG OF PBEHISTORIC OSTRICH.' JBROUGHT HERE.BUCKLER SIEBERLING.Friends in Paris have receivednews of the engaement of Miss Henrietta Buckler only daughter of Judgeand Mrs. J. August Buckler, of ElPaso. Texas, to Lieut. John Frederick Sieberling, of Akron, Ohio. Themarriage will take place at the homeof the groom-elects parents, atbeth's Hospital, in Lafayette, after a Akron early in October, and will beThe funeral of Mrs. MargaretMcLaughlin, aged seventy-four, whodied at her home, 226 East Maxwellstreet, in Lexington, Tuesday after-Trankfort District, of the Woman's! noon, after a protracted illness, wasshort illness of a complication of dieases. He is survived by his wife,formerly Miss Lillie Bryant, of Winchester, three small children, twobrothers, one sister and his mother.IMclaughlin.Missionary Society, will be held J held at St. Peter's Catholic church,Tuesday, October 2, at the Aietnodist church, in Millersburg. Mrs.Lambkin, District Secretary, will bepresent and preside at the meeting.All members of the various missionj in Lexington, at nine o'clock, yesterday morning, with services conducted by the Rev. Father WilliamPunch. The pall-bearers were ThosD. Murray, W. M. Irvine, John Ma-arv societies of neighboring towns; iuyj oxm eeney, inos. amitn,are invited and urged to be present. I Js. McAllister, and Martin Doyle.at r w -h. Ammerman. son of , Tne burial followed in the Lexing-an event of social importanceJudge Buckler, father of thebride-to-be is a former resident ofParis, where he was for many yearsa leading member of the Bourboncounty bar. Mrs. Buckler is a native of Lawrenceburgi Miss Buckler is a young .woman of more thanordinary beauty and culture. Lieut.Sieberling's family occupies a highsocial position in Akron.(New York Tribune.)Forty eggs of the modern hen arerequired to fill the eggshell of thegigantic prehistoric ostrich whichhas been placed on exhibition in theAmerican Museum of National History. The specimen is the best of itskind in the world and is in perfectcondition, with the exception of asmall hole through which the original contents may have disappeared.The fossil shell, -when filled with water, was found to have a capacity ofa trifle more than two quarts.This egg was discovered in theProvince of Honan, China, in June,1915. It was seen sticking in thebank of the Yellow River, where itmodern times.The natives declared the es:g wasthat of the Ho-Ho bird, or Phoenix,the legendary creature whose imageappears on so many of the Orientaldecorations.Two imperfect eggs of this fossil jostrich, besides the perfect museumI f-lJGUllllVll, .! G 111 CJV.10LC11V;C, CLUU. (11C 111museums in the united States. Noscientist has seen even a bone of thegreat biped which laid these enormous ovoids.The largest ostrich egg known isequal to from twenty-five to twenty-csavati Turn aa-cra qtiH "'f'ho vnlrnno rF ithe egg of that huge prehistoric bird,the Repyornis, an ege: of which is i -falso on exhibition "in the museum, isequal to 148 hen's eggs. jThe newly acquired specimen has ' fbeen placed in the bird hall, where it amay be compared with the esrss of ,many species of ancientwinged creatures and with those of the birds ofmodren times.Cexington, Kentucky?CharmingMillnery ModesFor AutumnIn the attractive array now ondisplay in our Millinery Department may be found the trend ofMillinery Styles for Fall. -Hats ForMveiy Occasion. 4in modes chic and Parisian.$7.50 " '. $10.00h"4' -WOLF, WILE & CO.LEXINGTON, KY..i.,m.ii fl,i.,i.,f.,T tniiitiT T..t..i,,t y t f r 11 1 1 1 1 m 1 1 1 m n m n tz9Qww99Qton Catholic Cemetery.Mrs. McLaughlin was a native ofCounty Roscommon, Ireland, andwas the widow of the late Martinthough having ; augnim, wno ior many yearslaimin exemp-iwas Keeper ot the Fayette countyworKnouse. vvnen only seven yearsold she was brought to this countiy from Ireland by her parents, Mr.and Mrs. Martin Dowd. Mr. andMrs. Dowd lived in Lexington for ashort while, and then moved toParis, where they made their homeior several years. Mr. Dowa conducted a large buggy and wagonmaking and blacksmith shop at thecorner of Main and- Seventh streets,on the site now occupied by the department store of Chas. S. Goldstein.They returned to Lexington, wherethey continued to reside until theirdeaths. She was married on January10, 1863, to Mr. McLaughlin, whodied thirty-two yeasr ago. Mrs. McLaughlin will be well-rememberedby the older citizens of Paris, whereshe lived so many years. She was adevout member of the Catholicchurch, and her entire life was oneof usefulness to the community.Mrs. McLaughlin reared four sonsTTrrl i-ncr Trroe fnrmOrlV lllS? ' "n uuusuiw,), """ MCVaiuc,. , ' 1, tt i 11 nA irroc -hnrn ' useful factors in the life of LexingBlizabP h Hutsell and was bomnear MUlersburg. where her early , u . p . -h residinr at thelife was spent. When quite a young . "" 5f"s' JJfE aMr. Edward Ammerman, of Millershurg, who has been holding a lucrative and responsible position in St.Louis, passed the examiifation for thedraft army, and,sood snrounds fortion, waived his rights, and was accepted. Mr. Ammerman left St.Louis, Saturday, at the head of agroup of eighty .men for Ft. Riley.TCansas, where he will go into train-Twelve head of mules which.were being driven from Paris to Mil... lersburs:, late Tuesday afternoon, bytwo colored men for Mr. Bert McClintock were run down by an automobile driven and-owned by Mr. AB. Boon, of Cowan. One of themules was badly crippled, one of thecolored men sustained a slight injury, and three of the occupants ofthe automobile were considerablybruised up. The machine was slightly damaged. The wounds of the occupants were dressed by Dr. Calhoun. Mr". Elizabeth Powlmg, agedabout fifty-five, died Monday at six-thirtv p. m., of cancer, at the Jew-)ish Hosnital. in Cincinnatiwoman she was united in marriageto Mr. John W. Powling, of Carlisle,- where the Tiappiest years of her life-' were spent. Some years ago Mr."Powling died, and she she was left- with no immediate family. Atthe-time of his death he was owner andeditor of the Carlisle Advocate. This-estate beins: bequeathed to his wife,she disposed of it, selling the paperto Mr. James Tilton, after which shecame to Millersburg to make herhome with and take care of an invalid aunt, Mrs. "M. E. Martin. ADouttwo years ago she was stricken with"jHiralvsis, from which she nevefcovered.- Some months ago the dread dis-ae--from which she died began tofcMLnifeet itslf, and about a monthao alie was taken by her attendingphysician, Dr. W. G. Dailey, to Dr.Stork, at Cincinnati, who used theradium treatment on her successiui-1y. She was brought home muchimproved. On Sunday, September 16,-hewas taken again to Cincinnati,wJiere she underwent an operationby 'Dr. Stork. The operation was attCG6BB and for more than twentv-ar hours she did exceedingly well.Om Saturday evening uraemia sat upmi 'she grew rapidly worse untilv "The remains were sent Tuesday toe home ot Mr. J. H. Bryson, atidkriil, who was a, relative and am-"isr friMid of Mr. and Mrsrwwwpiold home now occupied by Mrs. Thos.A. Higgins and family, on Seventhstreet. All four, with the fifth son,Mr. John McLaughlin, who lived inanother State, were present at herbedside when the end came.Mrs. McLaughlin is survived bythese children, who are Matt. J. McLaughlin, a prominent horseman;Ed. McLaughlin, Thos. McLaughlin,at present Deputy Sheriff of Fayettecounty; James McLaughlin; MissNannie McLaughlin, Mrs. Auval Baker and Miss Margaret McLaughlin,instructor in journalism at the StateUniversity. She is also survived byone sister, Mrs. Thos. A. Higgins, ofParis, and three grandchildren, Margaret and Jack Butler, and Matt McLaughlin, Jr.SULLrVAN THORNTON.In the presence of an audience jiiiii. uucu i. lie ui& VJUU.1U11, iriiao xvxaijrMargaret Sullivan, daughter of Mr.and Mrs. Jere Sullivan, formerly ofthis county, and Mr. Roger ThomasThornton, of Buffalo, New York,were married at St. Paul's Catholicchurch, in Lexington, Wednesdaymorning at nine o'clock. The Rev.Father Louis Fey officiated for themarriage ceremony and High Massw as celebrated. The church wasbeautifully and artistically decoratedfor the occasion.The best man was the groom'sbrother, Mr. Cornelius Thornton,while the maid of honor was MissCatherine Sullivan, sister of thebride. The bridesmaids were MissesMarie Furey, Nellie Heafey, MaryBrannon and Margaret McCarthy;the ushers Messrs. Frank McCarthy, Edgar Johnson and Cecil Harp.After the ceremony a receptionwas held at the home of the bride'sparents, Mr. and Mrs. Jere Sullivan,on West Third street, and a weddingbreakfast was served. In the drawing for the emblems of fate in thebride's cake, the ring fell to MissAgnes Sullivan and the dime toMiss Annie Heafey. The bride'sbouquet was caught by Mi&s Elizabeth Toohey, of Paris.After the wedding breakfast andsaying of good-byes, Mr. and Mrs.Thornton left for a trip to Washington, D-C, and Philadelphia, thencein about ten days to Buffalo, NewYork, where they wil go to housekeeping in a pretty apartment furnished by the groom for his bride.A large number of Paris and Bourbon county friends and relatives ofthe handsome bride witnessed theceremony.IS laAS OTHERS SEE KENTUCKY ANDKENTUCKIA1TS.JPREPAREDSfiWEii-. iSj52few.'iiii2fiis33rj3j5S5BS33YOURNEWFILL FOOTWEAR"God help the Germans, I've beendrawn!" shouted a Louisville man,straightening up and facing thecrowd when 'he was accepted. Thesame spirit in which Ethan Allendemanded the surrender of FortTiconderoga: "In the name of theGreat Jehovah and the ContinentalCongress." Tampa Tribune.IS READY FOR YOUThe Largest and Most Beautiful Display ofMen's, Women'sStylish FallJ embracing all the new styles for this Fail's correct dresserAtand Children'sFootwearnBIRTHS.Jkiter ajshort funeral ser-To the wie of Mr. Gilbert Martin, of near Huchison, a son, christened Clarence Edgar.To the wife of Mr. George Fritz,of Lexington, a daughter, first born.The mother was formerly Miss MaryT3rarfnon, daughter of Mr. and Mrs. B.J. Brannon, of ParisTo the wife of Mr. J. Kiser Smith,of Paris, a son, christened PaulSmith. Mrs. Smith was formerlyMiss Lena Tebbs, of Cynthianar1Thomas Harrison, of Calhoun, Ky.,suggests that the first step in conservation of food should be the killing of millions of' useless dogs, andas we've heard of no 'lynching inthat part of Kentucky, we presumethe man still lives. But just lethim, or anyone else go to puttingthe suggestion into effect, if theywant to start trouble we've triedit. Estero, Fla., American Eagle.STYLE ECONOMYOur system of merchandising-buying for spot cash incar load lots for our chain of stores-gives us a wonderfulpurchasing power. Come in tomorrow, compare stvlduality and prices and you will appreciate th Dissavingswe of fer,to our patrons.Congressman Ben Johnson, ofKentucky, puts himself among thosewho would take all the joy out oflife. He argues at some length toprove that Washington is not thecapital of the United States, but that'ihe District of Columbia has thehonor? but we think we can floorthe Congressman. He can't denythaUthe Capitol is at Washington!-Montgomery Advertiser.BOYS' AND GIRLS'SCHOOL SHOES.At Great Bargain PricesDAN COHENParis' Greatest .Shoe Store Where Beauty and Economy Reifn;ItX2ff r . "1;afvM'. . v