- ..i.SwJL- .i'i k. -, w " avv- - ,. --'. .". r. i. :it ,.. - - --- . - -,..--, ., k ,.-- -:... .:.,,- t . --V - -'. rv .-- i j ;' 3" j JJ.1' . 'I .1 J"- Hi r. v . - -v -.. ' ji ,' -jt x , ' v . ... ,' t " " .. . . J 3 . ' i-' . , . .. , v , z. -m "..--. rfw. - JsiV, ji,PUBLISHED EVERY TUESDAY AND FRIDAY IN THE YEAR.,vVOLUME XXXVIIPARIS, BOURBON COUNTY, KENTUCKY, TUESDAY, JULY 10, 1917'" &.1 - -;T 1KB n H MSBBOURBONNEWSint.fy3 '-v',k 'fBOTTRBOK BOY STBIKES LUCK INHARLAN.A lucky discovery in Harlan countylands made some time ago by Mr.Vernon Leer, formerly of Paris, -willmake him a coal magnate in the future. Mr. Leer, who is a son of thelate Mr. J. Monroe Leer, of Paris,and a brother of Mrs. B. F. Buckley, of the Centerville precinct, nanbeen farming in Madison county forseveral years. He is a cousin of Mr.Courtland Leer and Miss CarrollLeer, of near Paris. The RichmondRegister tells of Mr. Leer's investment and its results as follows:"V,ernon Leer, a well known farmer on the Lexington pike, is now acoal magnate. Mr. Leer has acquireda sizable interest in a producingmine in Harlan county, which bidsfair to make him a mighty rich mani: the present prices of the fuel aremaintained a while longer."Mr. Leer, his biother-in-law, A.Carruthers and A. L. Lunsford, ofBell county, secured about 200 acresof coal land in Harlan county a fewdays ago for a sum amounting toabout ?19,000, it is understood. Only the fact that the mountain ownersof the tract had totally exhausted alltheir resources and were unable tosecure backing to further developthe mines, is said to be the reasonthat it was bought so cheap by Mr.Leer and his two partners. Hehappened to be in Bell county at thetime and a friend informed him ofthe predicament in which the owners found themselves, and urged himto buy, if possible. An investigationis said to have shown that the mineis of wonderful possibilities. It islocated directly on the side of amountain, with a railroad in thovalley below, and the vein of coalwas cropping out on the mountainside when the native owners of theland began to attempt to mine it.The main shaft is said to have beendriven back into the mountain onlyabout 20 feet, and the coal veinseems to get better all the time, thefurther back it goes. Mr. Leer andhis partners have a good sized forceof men at work on the property,which bids fair to make all of themrich men before they are throughwith it, all of which will be goodnews to his host of friends here athome."?3 ?a ISNEW MINISTER INSTALLED.HFTY-TWO QUARTS BOOZE CONCEALED IN HAY.SCHOOL BONDS SOLD.Messrs. Weil, Roth & Co., of Cin-!SERGT. McCLINTOCK'S GREAT ACCIDENTAL RIFLE SHOT FATAL BOURBON CAPITALISTS SECU1ESTORY IN THE NEWS. r TO LITTLE GIRL. BIG OIL LANDS.T 1 m. ... . ' ww., --a Z colored, who has fig-. cmnati, purchased the entire offering In this issue of THE NEWS ap- As the result of abullet wound in ' Paris and North Middletown caured in the courts before as "a boot- of $46,000 worth of bonds, the salo pears the first installment of the the head, inflicted by a rifle in the Halists representing a farge portionlegger, evidently feared the panic . of which was recently authorized great war story told by Sergeant Al- hands of her brother, Hilbert Law- of the wealth of both cities, havewould soon be on in the liquor ques- by the Council and voted by a special exander McClintock, of Lexington, j son, Laura, eight-year-old daughter closed a deal for leasing the oil aridtion, when he purchased fifty-two election for the purpose of building who won fame and honors by service of Mr. and Mfs. E. E. Lawson, of mineral rights on all the land lyinjrquarts of liquor in Lexington, Satur-1 needed additions to the Paris Public with the Canadian troops operating Wjalker Avenue, died at the Massie on both sides of the plum Lick pikaday, and tried to get it into Paris , School buildings. with the English army in Europe. Hospital, in this city, at three o'clock from North Middletown to andunknown to guardians of the law. The bonds were disDosed of in Ttm stnrv win he nnhlished in so. Saturdav mnrainp- Th w,ir,i woC across the Montgomery coumtr limeTracy claimed to be acting as com- blocks of five by Auctioneer George rial form. comDrisine: six articles. I the result of an accidental diohar- The deal was "engineered so quietlyD. Speakes, at public sale in the City the first of which appearing in to- of a rifle in the boy's hands. tn&t none outside of the interested.v,uuui;ii uuamuer, in jfans, yesieruay day's issue, is entitled, "in Trammorning. There was no contending ing." The others will follow in thebidder, Roth & Co.'s representative following order: "The Bomb Raid,"taking each block offered at a par ."Over the Top and Give 'Em Hell,"value of ?500, with premium added, "Shifted to the Somne," "Wounded inmissioner for other parties in procuring the booze. The fact that hehad made the purchase was tippedoff to Chief Link, who was searchingthe interurban cars on another mission. The Chief was told thatTracy and two others were en routeto Paris from Lexington in a wagonwith the booze concealed in a lot ofhay. Link intercepted the boozewagon near the home of Mr. ForrestLetton on the Lexington pike. Asearch of the wagon revealed elevenquarts of whisky hidden under a pileof loose hay. The negroes had beengiven a tip as to Link's proposedraid and had concealed the remainder of the load "somewhere in theweeds."Chief Link placed Tracy under arrest and brought him to Paris. Hewas given a hearing before JudgeMcMillan yesterday morning andheld over to the grand jury on acharge of bringing liquor into localoption territory for the purpose ofsale.This is Tracy's second offense,which under the provisions of thelocal option law, will upon conviction, carry with it a penitentiarysentence.Officers made a vigorous but unsuccessful search for the hiddenbooze. They are hopeful of gettinghold of the stuff and confiscating it.H3 Tm EaHAIL INSURANCEInsure your tobacco againsthail with McClure & Donaldson,the service agency.Ea fe isCANNING DEMOSTRATOR TO GIVEDEMONSTRATION HERE.until the entire amount, $46,000 hadbeen bid in.The purchase will come up beforethe meeting of the City Council nextThursday night for approval. Rdlh& Co.'s representative stated to Mr.Speakes that they had recently purchased blocks of city bond issues axAshland and at Winchester at verylow figures and that they paid nopremium. This speaks well for thofirm's faith in the financial stabilityof the city of Paris and is really anendorsement of the highest character of the city's financial future.te fe aPETITIONS TO BE PUT OUT FOREARLY CLOSING.Impressive services held for thocongregation of the Presbyterianchurch at the court house Sundaymorning marked the installation ofRev. J. JL Rice, recently in charge ofthe JNicholasville congregation, "a?pastor.Rev. J. C. Hunt, pastor of the. Madison avenue church, in Covington,preached the installation sermon, anddelivered the charge to the pastor.He was followed by Rev. Dr. FrankJ. Cheek, of Danville, a former pastor of the First Presbyterian church,of Paris, who delivered the chargoto the people and offered an inspiring prayer. Responses were madeby Rev. Rice, who also pronouncedthe benediction. A large crowd wasin attendance. Special' music forthe occasion was rendered by thochoir, and Mrs. Frank Fithian rendered a beautiful solo.The new pastor is a grandson ofthe Rev. Nathan-L. Rice, who waspactor of the Paris congregationfrom 1841 to 1844, and who cameinto prominence during the celebrated debate with the founder of theChristian or Disciples church, Rev.Alexander Campbell. He is a worthydescendant of the elder pioneer miniRtpr nf the Presbvterian. church, aforceful and eloquent man, of pleasing personality and affable manners,and will no doubt become endearedas a leader of religious thought andaction in his charge here. Paris welcomes Rev. Rice a second time.TS 1B1 TUNION SERVICES.Union services of all the Paris Protestant churches, which will be madea feature of the summer months, bs-THE NEWS was informed yesterday that committees representing theclerks and other employes of Parisbusiness houses will present petitionsto the merchants this week, for theirsignatures favoring the early closingmovement, which was forecasted inFriday's issue of THE NEWS.Several petitions are being prepared, and the entire city will be dividedinto districts, which will be thoroughly canvassed by the committeeswho will present the claims of theworkers.THE NEWS is in hearty sympathywith the movement for early closingduring the heated term, and sincerelyhopes t will be successful in all itsdetails. Early closing will work noAction," and "Decorated for Bravery."In these stories the author tells ina simple but interest-compelling wayhis experiences in the trenches, hovthe soldiers feel and how they liveand fight. Don't miss this feature,or you will regret it when others tellyo how " very interesting it is.Look for it on page six of thisissue of THE NEWS.Pa 5 feALLIE JONES IS PLEASED.Mr. Allie Jones, of North Middletown, is piuch pleased with a suckling colt by Bourbon King, out ofMargaret Weissenger, by ChesterDare, and expects to show him thisfall at the Kentucky State Fair.The colt is a full brother to a number of prize winners that Mr. Joneshas shown the past two or threeyears, of which the best is Beauchamp. Beauchamp is now fouryears old, and has been a good winner for the past two seasons. He wasshown last fall at the InternationalHorse Show at Chicago, where he wasone of the most admired horsesThe new Jones colt is a chestnut incolor, which color has predominatedamong the produce of Margaret-Weis-senger.This mare was a winner atthe St. Louis Exposition, at whichtime she was two years old. Thecross of Bourbon King on Chestermares has been a good one, despiteAbout six o'clock Friday morning Parties knew of it until Saturdaythe children started to a pasture on night, when the final action wasthe Georgetown pike, to drive up a taken.milch cow to their home. The boy j Te lands under leftse lie la a Ytrj$took with him a rifle which he had Promising territory, a part of whi'okpurchased a few days before from an-1 had Deen partly developed, or at l3tMiss Aubyn Chinn, of State University, will conduct a public demonstration in canning Wednesdaymorning, July 11, from 9 to 12o'clock, at the Y. M. C. A.This will be the first in a seriesof four demonstrations to be givenduring the summer, and while thesemeeting are. fostered by the CityFederatlon'of Clubs, yet they are by nomeans confined to club women, andevery woman in Paris and Bourboncounty, who is interested in the conservation of food, is invited to attend and famliarize herself with themost apporved government methodsof canning vegetables and fruits.The demonstration Wednesday willinclude the canning of peas, beansand berries, and the later demonstrations will have to do with tomatoes, corn, later vegetables, fruitsand soup mixtures.Let it be understood that theseinstructions will be given FREE ofany charge, and it is hoped thatevery housewife in the county willtake advantage of the opportunity tolearn simple and practical ways ofcanning, preserving and drying, andwill respond heartily to the slogan,"Not an empty can or jar in Kentucky." sa fe feTobacco Hail Insurance.Thomas, Woodford & Bryan.NEW SECRETARY.sfirioiis damasre to anvnne. but willawake the lazy and indifferent shop-; the fact that not many of Chesterper to the fact that even clerks and Dare mares have been stinted toemployes have souls and longings for him.a little rest and recreation.J5i TSi isaJ. 0. U. A. M.Several members of Bourbon Coun-TS ! PaPOUND DEAD.Noah Lanham, colored, aged thir-other boy. As they proceeded ontheir v-ay the boy endeavored to loadthe gun. In some manner the cartridge caught in the chamber, andin trying to dislodge it the triggerwas pulled and the weapon was discharged. The little girl, who was indirect range, had been "watching herbrother in his efforts to dislodge thecartridge. The bullet took effect inthe forehead, just above the left eye,passing diagonally through the head,lodging on the right side near thebase of the brain, as was later shownby an X-ray photograph made at theoffice of the physicians.The accident happened at some distance from the house, but the brother, although panic and grief -stricken.managed to get the wounded girl to jthe nearest house, a small grocery,where he telephoned to Drs. Wallingford & Gilkey. The little girl wastaken to the home of her parents, onWalker avenue, and then to thooffice of Drs. Wallingford & Gilkeyin the First National Bank building.By this time she was in an unconscious condition, and paralysis hadset in, in her right side. She was afterward removed to the Massie Memorial Hospital, where an operationwas performed, but to no avail, asthe little one lingered until threeo'clock Saturday morning, whendeath relieved her sufferings.Mr. Lawson is district travelingcableman for the Central Home Telephone Company. The family movedto Paris from Charleston, West Virginia, last October. The two children were almost inseparable companions, and the little boy is prostrated with grief over the unfortunate ensequences, which though theresult of an accident, does not lessenthe initial wells driven. One weir oarthe property of the Henry S. Cajr-wood farm was driven dowm over flr'hundred feet, when the drill broka.The drillers informed the owners ofthe property that they believed tkedrill had penetrated the oil anci gasproducing sands. All efforts to extract the drill proved unavailing andfinanciers refusing to furnish further;aid, the well was left undeveloped.Tis well will be reopened, and newprospecting "holes" sunk in the saltterritory, where good indications ofoil have been discovered. The people back of thedeal say it is no "wildcatting" scheme, but a plain business proposition which will be putthrough on a solid financial basis.'fei Ba nEIRE DESTROYS HOME WITH: ALLCONTENTS.cil Junior Order of United 'Aerira., tJr-one-. was" found deadonJ:he floor at the anguish and grief that has comMechanics will "go'to North "Middle-- his "home in Kenneaysville, ner into his young life.town, "Thursday night to take part Paris, Sunday night by his mother,; The body of the unfortunate cnildin the meeting of the newly-orgainz- who had just returned from her daily was prepared for burial and deftered lodge at that place. All members work. Coroner Davis investigated brief funeral services held at thecontemplating making the trip are and pronounced the man's death due Lawson home on Walker avenue,requested to notify Mr. Thomas M. to heart disease, from which he had conducted by Rev. Dr. 0. R. MangumFunk. been a sufferer. of the Paris Baptist church, wastaken at 7:30 Saturday morning tothe old home at Charleston, W. Va.j. lie uuujr ntta ULtuiupouicu uj iu.and Mrs. Lawson and their son.The stricken parents have th2sympathy of the entire communityin their bereavement. The littlegirl was an unusually bright andcheerful child and, her friends werenumerous and loyal.ftB PS 3WE KNOW HOWAt a meeting of the Bourbon County Business Men's Club, held at thecourt house in this city last Saturdayafternoon, Mr. John M. Clay tendered his resignation as secretary andmanager of the Labor Bureau whichrecently instituted the Club. Mr.Clay stated that his farming interests demanded his entire time. TheKool ClothCLOT H ES. ! r".it- -1tJ -nr -l a Tnn; o..4-l.gan last Sunday at the Methodise j wud scicuueu mi. . . ma, ui ouuluchurch The schedule for the meet- High Street, as Mr. Clay's successor.1ngs is'as follows: . !Mr- Bllis win se.rve unoU1 Jfte in thSunday, July 15, at Baptist church, j fall, when he will go South.-r, ttt n, cioi. nf tho Methodist The office hours of the Labor Bu-xvev. v. v. uttuiv-M - -church; Sunday, July 2.2, at the Bpiscopal church, Rev. W. B. Ellis, of theChristian church, Rev. O. R. Mangum, of the Baptist church.The meetings will end on the nightof July 29, when Rev. Dr. O. R. Mangum, will preach his farewelt sermonbefore leaving for Henderson, Ky., totake charge of the Baptist church atthat place.IS TQ ISTHE WEATHER.The weather forecast for the weekbeginning Sunday, July 8, is as follows: For Ohio Valley and Tennessee:Occasional local showers and thunder storms. Temperature above normal first half of week; below normal second half.The weather for the past few dayshas been of the ideal summer kind,bright and warm. Cooling breezesSunday tempered the heat and madeunderreau will be from 5:00 to 11:00 am. and from 3:00 to 7:00 p. m. Anyone wanting farm labor can securesame by calling at the Bureau office,in the Anderson building adjoiningHiggins & Flanagan between thosehours, or by calling Mr. Ellis overthe phone.Sa fe isWHEAT OPENS ON .LOCAL. MARKET AT $2.00.Two-dollar-a-bushel wheat for anopener sounds pretty good for ' theParis markets. The Paris MillingCo., and E. F. Spears & Sons openedthe local market Saturday by paying ?2.00 per bushel for severalBourbon county crops for immediatedelivery for milling purposes.The quality of the yield this season is pronounced excellent, andthe yield considerably above that oflast season. The milling concernswill begin receiving their purchasesas soonNas the work of harvesting is-U. AnT n triptr n1pns5i.nt one.the genial influence of the sunlight j completed. Harvesting in the coun-," gardens and crops are coming 10 mefront rapidly, but are low needingf raim, Tke weather in & way, is -all-SlkaV could to deaire.tyvhas been proceeding rapidly under favorable weather, and will soonbe ready for transportation to thecompany's wheat bins. , ' tThe kind that will keepthe fat man or the thinman cool and comfortable these warm summerdays. Light weighttropical cloth suits, madeand trimmed to givecomfort and service tothe wearer. PalmBeaches, Silk Suits andKool Cloth Clothes, inpinch backs, 2-buttonsacks and double-breastedcoats for the youngfellows who want theextreme style. . Youcannot be comfortablethese warm days without light weight summer clothes. Coats andTrousers from$6 to $15Silk Shirts, attached ordetached collars. LowCut Oxford Shoes in tanand black. LightweightSummer Underwear.Come in today and let us make youcool and comfortable.LEATHER SUIT CASES.toandOf sturdy cow-hide, madewithstand the hardest weartravel. Priced at $7.50 up.J. W. DAVIS & CO.B 1 WlWE WILL CLOSE WHO WILLFOLLOW?The home of Mrs. Elmer Simpson,in Newtown, a colored suburb ofParis, together with all its contents,was entirely destroyed, by fire Saturday afternoon, which originated froma kitchen flue.Mrs. Simpson had built a fire inthe kitchen stove and had gone upstairs on a household errand. Uponher return she found all the lowerfloor in a blaze. Her screams at-tracted neighbors, who turned in analarm from Box 32. The departmentresponded promptly, but the fire hadgained such a headway that thehome was destroyed despite their efforts. Mrs. Simpson lost all herhousehold effects. Her daughter whohad just returned from a visit tofriends in Ohio, lost all her clothingswhich had not been unpacked fromher trunk. The loss is total with noinsurance. -..Sunday morning the department'n'as recalled to- tlie. scene o the $xby a telephone request, statig-thafc-, .the ruins of the Simpson cottage hadblazed up again, with danger "to -thesurrounding property. The department responded and extinguishedthe flames for keeps.An alarm from Box 13 called thefire department yesterday morningto the home of Mr. and Mrs. Chas.P. Bales, on Lilleston avenue. Escaping gas from a gas range caughtfire, causing an explosion which fora time threatened to have seriousresults. The flames had gained Considerable headway before the department arrived, but the liberal use ofchemicals and water soon got theinunder control. The property loss byfire was small, but the water thrownon the flames did the most damage.)B K 1B-4 PI REInsure withW.O.HINTON &SON,AtS7PERCY BEED SPREADS OUT.Mitchell & BlakemoreManhattan Shirts Nettleton Shoes Stetson HatsDr. Reed's Cushion SolesThe following merchants of Parisrealizing the injustice done by keeping clerks unnecessarily confined instores during the heated term, haveagreed to close their stores after fiveo'clock each day during July andAugust:J. W. Davis & Co., clothing.Prank & Co., dry goods.W. Ed. Tucker, dry goods.Mitchell & Blakemore, clothing.Price & Co., clothing.Harry Simon, dry goods.David Feld, shoes.David Feld, dry goods.Harry Linville, shoes.H. M. Collins & Co., clothing.B. Friedman, notions, etc.B. Friedman, shoes.Jake Elvove, general store.W. T. Talbott & Co., clothing.Stanley Rummans, clothing.Chas. S. Goldstein, general store.Higgins & Flanagan, clothing.S T TSKODAK DEVOLOPING.If you want the best kind of pictures let us do your developing andprinting. Moderate prices and quickservice.BROOKS & SNAPP DRUG CO.(It)Hi te ftlKEEPING BEN BUSY.In the "Notes of the TravelingMen" in its Sunday edition the Lexington Leader says of a popularrParis boy:"Ben 'Crackers' Downey, representing the National Biscuit Company, wants a social secretary. Benclaims that his invitations are so numerous since he had his flivver madeThe Richmond Register says ofMr. Percy Reed, formerly of Paris,who has been located in Richmondsome time: "Mr. Percy Reid, whoowns a barber shop and pool room" onWest Main street, next to the Alhambra Theatre, purchased at privatesale from Harvey Lee his barber shopwhich is located in the same blockThis shop was one operated so longand so sucessfully by "Cap" Dickerson. Mr. Reid will operate bothshops. He is popular w,ith all whoknow him him, it is needless to sayeverything will be run on strictlybusiness principles and he will soonbuild up a large and increasingtrade."JE3 IE! 1BANK BUILDING LEASED.The Bourbon Bank building at thecorner of Main and Fifth streets, recently vacated by the Bourbon-AgriculturalBank & Trust Co., has beenleased for a term of years by Mrs.Mayme Parker.The building is undergoing extensive repairs and when completed,Mrs. Parker will remove her stock,of millinery, etc., from her presentlocation in the Paton building,? oa'Main street, to the new locatkm.The rooms are being remodeled espe-'cially for this purpose.S ff fllCARD OP THANKS.Mr. and Mrs. E. E. Lawson and'son wish to express thanks and appreciation to their many friends forthe love and kindness shows. ihmduring their recent berearemMLtralso for the beautiful floral effrrg.Especially do they thank th Ceatvalto look like a limousine that it i3Home Telephone & Tetegrajpfc: Gmralmost impossible to keep up with pany, Dr. Wallingford. aa . W-rhis engagements."O. Mangum.81j ,,?iVt'ifVtjMf:h'irL'H3JJ1 mttii" vtlx-tT2--" -'$--AV,-"J.J -PAGE TWOTHE BOURBON NEWS,, PARIS, KY;TUESDAY, jTULT It, 1117.!Hei1tThe Bourbon News-ab!lshd 188135 Yean of Continuous Publication.ibllthed Every Tuesday and Friday.jr Year... $2.00 Six Months... $1.00Payable in Advance.6W1FT CtlAMP, Editor and Owner.Any erroneous reflection upon thecharacter, standing or reputation ofmxy person, firm or corporation whichaaay appear in the columns of THEBOURBON NEWS will be gladly corrected if brought to attention of thev editor.ADVERTISING RATESDisplay Advertisements, $1.00 perInch for first time; 50 cents per incheach subsequent insertion.Reading Notices, 10 cents per lineeach issue; reading notices in blacktype, 20 cents per line, each issue.Cards of thanks, calls on candidates, obituaries and resolutions, andsimilar matter, 10 cents per line.Special rates for large advertisements and yearly contracts.The right of publisher is reservedto decline any advertisement or othermatter for publication.Announcements for political officesmust invariably be accompanied bythe cash.EDITOBIAL MUSINGS.Fishing Time.Among the many peculiar advantages that the sport of fishingoffers its disciples is that of a springstart ahead of all the other pastimesthat wait upon the abdication ofwinter. To-day the fisherman canbegin his yearly career of adventureregardless of whether the weathercalls for Panama hats or snowshoes.That is, he can start if he is suffici-ently determined and inured to the- elements.The golfer, on the other hand,must abide at hpme in patience, practicing swings and pats, at least until snow and ice and puddles havedisappeared; and the baseball enthusiast, whether participant or spectator, is imprisoned pending the arrival of a decent degree of warmth.The adaptability of fishing to alltimes of the year and the eagernesswith which fishermen take ad van t-r age of their opportunities have madenecessary the imposition of a legalembargo on piscatorial activities. Ifit were not for the fish and gamelaws of Kentucky, some fishermen inParis we might name would spendthe whole year fishing in some manner or other. And if they did this,so remarkably successful are they,the bass would soon go to join thedodo in limbo. Wherefore it is truethat fishing may be found in fullblast in the streams in and aboutParis, while less robust diversionsare still immersed in hibernationslike the bear.But the law has no control over theextent of the fisherman's workingw day. If everybody were to rise atdizzy hours with the alacrity shownby the fisherman there would be noneed of daylight saving. Only onething can compare with fishing asWANTED !Every Lady inBourbon County 'To Visit OurBAKERY!EVERY DAYVISITORS'DAY!hWILMOTHGrocery Co.Phone 376an early rising incentive, and that isan alarm clock, a regular Big Ben!We note. in one of our exchangesthat a New York girl has a bathingsuit which cost $200. Yet we doubtvery much if it contains any morematerial than the ones some Parisgirls take with them to the Boonesboro bathing beach, for which theypaid a dollar.Pass This Along!There is always room for one moreorganization in Bourbon county ifit has for its purpose the bettermentof humanity. That being true, weoffer as a suggestion the formation ofa "Sunday Afternoon Club." Itwould be new in this section only,for they are being started in variousparts of the country . xThev purpose of the Sunday Afternoon Club would be to give the oldpeople of Paris and Bourbon countywho sit day by day within the narrow confines of their little homes anhour's ride in a comfortable motorcar out along cool and quiet country roads.. It would be the aim ofeach member to devote an hour onSunday afternoons to taking for aride for a few miles some tired mother with a family of little ones, whosehearts could be gladdened, healthstrengthened and lives made happier.Thre are so many cripples whowould be given a new lease of life byeven a short ride, so many convalescents and so many unfortunates whohave never ridden in a motor car,that even with a membership of several hundred the "Sunday AfternoonGlub" would find that its rosterwould not be too large.There are thousands of ways ofpassing our blessings on to others aswe go through life. But not one ismore acceptable than that of gathering up the less lucky members of thehuman family for a little ride of anhour or so. It would be gasolineused in a noble cause. It would bethoughtfulness that would make forgreater happiness than hundreds inthis community have ever enjoyed.It would be an organization withonly good fellowship and the love ofhumanity as its dues and fees andthe owner of a motor car so employedon Sunday afternoon would find as aresult of the membership in it morereal pleasure than he has yet dreamed life had in store.The Grump says: "Have any ofyou Paris men among your acquaintances the type of man who feels thathis obligations as a husband are discharged when he provides his wifewith a place to do housework andhdrudgery in exchange for her boardand a few clothes?"te isa isaTHE BOY SCOUTS.The Boy Scouts of "America performed a notable service to the country in their campaign for the sale of,the Liberty Loan Bonds. Throughtheir efforts more thon $25,000,000of the bonds were sold directly. Howmany sales were due indirectly totheir activity can not be known.The Boy Scouts worked systematically and thoroughly and with anearnestness that was inspiring. Theycovered fields that could not havewell been covered by other agenciesand effected sales that would not' have been made without their efforts.The Scouts have not only proventheir patriotism, but they haveshown their efficiency and their civilvalue.S EaCATARRHAL DEAFNESS CANNOTBE CUREDby local applications, as they cannotreach the diseased portion of the ear.There is only one way to cure catarrhal deafness, and that is by constitutional remedy. Catarrhal deafness is caused by an inflamed condition' of the mucous lining of theEustachian Tube. When the tube isinflamed you have a rumbling soundor imperfect hearing, and when it isentirely closed, deafness is the result.Unless the inflammation can bereduced and this tube restored to itsnormal condition, hearing will bedestroyed forever. Many cases ofdeafness are caused by catarrh, whichis an inflamed condition of the mucous surfaces. Hall's Catarrh Medicine acts through the blood on themucous surfaces of the system.We give One Hundred Dollars forany case of Catarrhal Deafness thatcannot be cured by Hall's CatarrhMedicine. Circulars free. All Druggists, 75 c.F. J. CHENEY & CO.,Toledo, Ohio.(adv)STALLION SETS NEW MARK FOR2:11 TROTTING EVENTAxtien, a chestnut stallion, ownedby Samuel Harris, of Aurora, 111.,with Harris up, set a new world's2:11 trot record for a stallion in arace on a half-mile dirt track atLincoln, Neb., covering the distancein the third heat in 2:094. Axtienwill go to the Grand Circuit thissummer, first appearing at Cleveland.153 Id HiDOING GOOD.Few medicines have met withmore favor or accomplished moreJ good than Chamberlain's Colic andDiarrhoea Remedy. John F. Jantzen,Delmeny, Sask., says of it, "I haveused Chamberlain's Colic and Diarrhoea Remedy myself and in myfamily, and can recommend it as being an exceptionally fine preparation." " -(adv)LETTER EROM "SOMEWHERE JOTMr. Edward Fitzpatrfck, now a"jack taf " on the United States ship,the "Oklahoma," "somewhere nearNew York, on the Atlantic Station,"writes to a member of THE NEWSstaff as follows:July 4, 1917."I suppose you were beginning tothank that Hans or Fritz had gottenme, but I am somewhere on the oceanyet, still on the good ship, Oklahoma,and having a good time as usual.The reason I havn't written ofteneris that I have been very lazy at timesand have not written to any of myfriends."I get THE NEWS regularly, andthe officers, like for us to get newspapers. I read every line in THENEWS and the Cynthiana papers yousend me. Although I have plenty ofmagazines and other reading matter,there isn't anything like a home paper. When the call comes over thidecks to line up for mail the firstthing I get is THE NEWS and theCynthiana Democrat, and all the other reading matter is at once castaside, as these two papers are as welcome as the coming of pay-day, (andthey come oftener, too.)"A fellow really doesn't know howgood the old town is to him untilhe gets away from it. We hope tosee you soon, for, if Pennington andI can ever get leave of absence woshall come to see you and the oldtown."Ed Doty is still on the Nevada,and Buddy James on the Florida. I have not seen Doty, but Pennington met him.at a ball game neahere a short while ago. He saysDoty is looking better than he everdid in his life and tells him that hehas gained sixteen pounds since going on shipboard. It is certainly afine life, and it is making men of allthree of us. The navy forever, boys:"I can't tell you where I am atpresent, for the regulations forbidthe giving out of any informationconcerning the location of ships etc.,but I have been on the ocean longenough to become salty, anyway."I noticed an article in THENEWS about the marines and theirfighting ability. Well, if appearances count for anything, Uncle Sam'smarines will interest our saurkrautpeople across the water, for they arethe finest looking lot, of men I eve:saw in my life. They are all big.muscular fellows, as quick and as active as a cat, and as brave as mencan be."Well, there comes the sleepy call,so I must get ready to tumble into mybed (my hammock), which is slungabout six feet above the deck, beforesome sailor friend arranges it so thatI will dent up the steel deck when Iam in the middle of a nice dream of.Noo Yawk and peanuts. Good bye.Regards to all."Yours, v"ED. FITZPATRICK."(Passed By Censor)la EaCAUSE OF DESPONDENCY.Despondency is often caused byindigestion and constipation, andquickly disappears when Chamberlain's Tablets are taken. These tablets strengthen the digestion andmove the bowels.For Sale.Several used automobiles. Thesecars are all in good condition and canbe bought right for cash.DICKERSON & DOUGLAS GARAGE.(3-tf)Wool Wanted.We are in the market for your woolGet your sacks at the IndependentTobacco Warehouse.(1-tf) CLARK & YOUNG.FOR SALEA good 6-year-old gelding. Good,driver, perfectly gentle, not afraid ofanything. Will stand without hitching. Can be bought at a bargain.E. M. WHEELER,(22-tf) Eighth and Main, Paris, Ky.Man Wanted!Very little spare time required toearn BIG PAY. Easy, pleasant workWriting applications, collecting renewable premiums sick, accidentinsurance.D. ADNA BROWN,106 S. Fourth St, Philadelphia, Pa.OLD BRICK FOR SALEFifteen thousand old brick, partof the old Presbyterian Church, forsale on the building lot.BUILDING COMMITTEE,Presbyterian Church.Sale of Floral Goods.In the Ficklin Buliding, on Mainstreet, I will sell to-day and to-morrowand all next week a general assortment of flowering plants, ferns,ornamental vines and nice foliageplants.Ladies and all others interestedare invited to come and inspect mystock and buy what they want.(2t) H. C. OGLE.1 1 1 M Ml Hitmt t' . J- - -n ""r w r nSUGGESTIONSFor the EconomicalBUNGALOW APRONSSplendid styles and a good assortment for your choice madeof excellent quality percales andGinghams. Special Semi-AnnualSale Price to close49c 69c 79cI New Shipment of Waists? We have just received a new shipment of beautifulWaists in the latest and most fascinating styles in Geor-J gette Crepes and Crepe de Chines of white, black andflesh, which go into the sale at fc9 QC Q J &A QCthe special prices of pJ.J O aUQ. y't.VOFor Your VacationLuggageWe Can Supply Every NeedWe are showing a complete line ofTrunks for vacation and summer travel use.Wardrobe Trunks $18 to $60Auto or Army Trunks $10 and $12.50Steamer Trunks $7.50 $15.00Hat Trunks and regular size trunks for everyneed. All splendid values.While it May BeWe want to say that on account of market conditions we have purchased manyJ staple Fall Goods far earlier than usual. A good deal of this merchandise is nowJ on our shelves and can be purchased now at much lower price than later, as everymail brings notices from manufacturers of increase in prices.MITCHELL, BAKER230-232 W. MainExecutor's Notice!All persons having claims againstthe estate of J. G. Allen, deceased,of Millersburg, are hereby notified topresent same, properly proven, as required by, law, to the undersigned Executor, at Millersbuig, Ky.All persons knowing themselves indebted to the estate of the said J. G.Allen, deceased, will please settlepromptly with the undersigned Executor, at Millersbuig. Ky.SANFORD M. ALLEN,Executor of J. G. Allen, Deceased.(29-4t)Scrap Iron Wanted.I am paying fifty cents per hundredfor all kinds of scrap iron. Not lessthan 1,000 pounds. This material canbe weighed at any city scales. This ito be relivered to the cars on the Louisville & Nashville tracks, oppositthe freight depot.Call us over the Cumberland 'phon347-J.MAX MUNICH,Eighth Street, Paris, Ky.(oct20-lyr)Cut The Weeds!Notice is given to all citizens ofParis to at once cut any weeds thatmay be growing on their sidewalks,in their yards, or anywhere abouttheir premises.By order of the Board of Health.A. H. KELLER,(july3-3t) Health Ofl&cer.Proposal For SchoolBuildingsSealed proposals will be receivedby the Board of Education, of Paris.Ky., for the construction of additionsto the High School and an annex tothe school for colored children.Proposals shall be in the hands ofthe Secretary of the Board of Education not later than 10 a. m. July 23,1917, and shall be accompanied by acertified check for 2 of the amountof the proposal.Plans and specifications may beseen at the Y. M. C. A. building,Paris, Ky., the Bourbon Lumber Co.,Paris High School and at the office ofthe architects, at Lexington, Ky.The Board reserves the right toreject any and all bids.By order of the Board of Education, ParisKy.By ANDERSON & FRANKEL,Architects & Engineers,(6-3t)fxlngton, Ky.itf144f444i4it II M M4 1 1 1 1 1 1 14'j.tm kTIMELYShoppers of ParisAll Parasols Reduced To$1.98, $2.98, $3.98 and UpThe summer girl will go into ecstacies over this saleof beautiful parasols, as at these prices every woman canafford one. We can give you a splendid assortment ofnewest and most novel designs from which to choose.The handles, too, merit special mention for variety andnovelty. 'a Little Early to Talk(Incorporated)St.ft.fr4l4.il.fr4HSHfrj.frj.,fr iJMfrfr.fr .lEWYOraC-'BOSlDXvia Louisville & Nashville Railroad30-Day Limit Round Trip Tourist Fares From Paris, Ky.NEW YORK $33.00Reduced Fares to many other cities and resortsin (he East and NorthVariable route fares available through Washington, Balti-i. 'ite3& , Niagara Falls, Buffalo, Detroit, Atlantic City, the Adiron-MK OJ1CK5S. Ijilfft I .Vinmnlni'n oir1 nfUow r-4-Zr , e .i"liiEast and North, including trips on Atlantic and Greatintuit; oieamers.We Are Running SpecialsEvery Week NowJust to Clean Away Some of Our Stock.Everything is New and Up-to-Date inWash Skirts, Hats, Parasols and Waistsvalues up to SI. 50 and $2.00go for98cin these sales. Watch ourtwin Bros. Department Storemm ana main . Paris, KentuckyWE GIVE BLUE STAMPSFor Rent.Nice 4-room flat with water, gas andelectric lights, over Canal's BarberShop. Most convenient location inParis. Apply toP (tf)CAHAL BROS.i iand Bourbon CountyWomen's Round Ticket PureFibre Silk Hose, lisle top andtoe; black, white and tanout-sizes in black only. Semiannual Clearance Sale -nprice 49cSplash! Splash!! Splash!!!For the Bathing Girl's Suits and CapsWe have a splendid line of new styles inWomen's Bathing Suits of Knitted. WoolJersey Cloths and Mohairs. A good assortment of color combinations for your choice.Women's Mohair Bathing Suits. . .$2.50 to $4Wool Jersey Knit Bathing Suits. .$5 to $12.50Bathing Caps to match 25c to $1.00Women's Black BathingTights $1.00, $1.25 $1.35ttAbout Fall Goods4tt& SMITHLexington, KentuckyBOSTON $33.10For particulars, rates, folders, etc., applyW. V. SHAW, Ticket Agentwindows for these values.Laborers Wanted!White or colored. Day or nightshift; steady work; good pay. Apply toTHE JOS. JOSEPH &. BRONCO.,(29-4t) '.- - Cimcinnatir'Oh!r?s ac.$,:-:j" " y1tfAM-cit -TT-.r-v' N --- -- - 3 w--V. y,. --. ,.. ,,"? ' 'fret.TUESDAY, JULY 10, 1917.THE BOURBON NEWS, PARIS, K.PAGETBRCT', r -ANNOUNCEMENTSWe are authorized to announce thogood Democrats below as candidiatesat the Democratic primary on August4, 1917, to fill the offices to whichthey aspire:FOR STATE SENATORLEE WAINSCOTT,Clark County.GEORGE HON,Clark County.ABRAM RENICK,Clark County.FOR REPRESENTATIVE.C. M. THOMASFOR SHERIFF.WILL. G. McCLINTOCK,tv'iCu. Doc Marshall and Bob Gilkey asdeputies.L. A. SOPER,With D. E. Clarke and L. C. Ashcraftas deputies.FOR COUNTY JUDGE.GEORGE BATTERTONc a. McMillan.FOR COUNTY ATTORNEYDAVID D. CLINE.WM. GRANNAN.COUNTY SUPERINTENDENT OFSCHOOLS.J. B. CAYWOOD.MISS MABEL ROBBIN&.FOR JAILERGEO. W. JUDY,THOS. TAUL,JOHN H. DOTY,WALKER KISER,C. T. MASTERSON,W. O. BUTLER,JOHN W. KING,J. W. HART.FOR ASSESSORWALTER CLARK,f Paris, with Jno. J. Redmon, of NorthMiddletown, as deputy.GEO. D. SPEAKES,6 Paris, with Lee R. Craven, of LittleRek, at Deputy.TOR MAGISTRATE.W. J. McWHORTERCenterville Precinct.JOHN S. WIGGINSHutchison Precinct.FOR MAYORW. O. HINTONE. B. JANUARYFOR POLICE JUDGECLAUDE F. REDMON,J. W. BROWN.P. A. THOMPSON.HARRY L. MITCHELL.ERNEST MARTINFOR CHIEF OF POLICE.JAMES H. MORELAND.W. FRED LINK.FOR COUNCTT.WAN.ITRST WARD.T. J. KISER.JOHN CHRISTMANJOHN MERRINGERW. T. BROOKSTHOS. G. MORRIS.SECOND WARD.S. K. NICHOLS,J. J. VEACHJOHN ARKLH.FRANK BURTON.THIRD WARDGEO. DOYLE .You Don't Have toStoopIf You Use aGarlandCabinetRangeA bMiitlfu! Mm of Garlands an dllay. Cams In ami look tham ovar.Paris Gas & Electric Co.(Incorporate)CAHAL BROS.BARBER SHOPPrawift and Cajirtaaiis, Attsntlan UI 1 IfFARMER'S WORDSGARRY CONVICTIONProminent Franklin CountyMan Praises Taniac.TELLS HOW IT BUILT HIM UPJames Costlgan, Forks of Elkhorn,Franklin county, Ky., is one of themost prosperous farmers and influential citizens of the county. He neverforms an opinion on the spur of themoment, and his recommendation ofTaniac carries weight."For years I had stomach trouble, 'says Mr. Costigan. "After eating ahearty meal I would often suffer forhours. Consequently I had to live ona light diet which was really not sufficient to keep up my strength."After taking three bottles of Tanlac my physical troubles have left me.I haven't had the least bit of discomfort with my stomach. I can eat anything. "I recommend Taniac because I hon.estly believe it a medicine of greatmerit."Thousands have said Taniac buildsup health through the stomach, bloodand nehves.Taniac can now be bought herefrom Varden & Son.KENTUCKY MAY FURNISH 9,769A special from Washington, D. C,says: Kentucky will be called uponto furnish 9,769 men for the firstnational army according to figurescarefully worked out here. This willbe Kentucky's quota of 500,000 forthe first contingent of the nationalarmy. vThe following statistics are of interest as bearing upon Kentuckyand the draft.Revised estimate of Kentucky's population, which will be used as thebasis for the draft 2,012,586.Kentucky will be called upon tofurnish 9,769 troops as its quota ofthe 500,000 selected men.The Census Bureau has found thatthe number of men who registered inthe United States on June 5 comprised 9.32 per cent, of the total population of the country, estimating thetotal population at 103,000,000. Inrevising its estimate of populationfor the purpose of the draft theBureauT- and -the-"War Departmenthave agreed that the registration ofany State or district includingcounty or city over 30,000 is to beregarded as 9.32 per cent, of the totalpopulation of the State or district.Figuring on this basis the State ofKentucky, which had a total population, of 187,573, is estimated to havta population of 2,012,586.The number of troops which anyState must furnish as its quota is inproportion that the population of theState bears to the population of theentire country, which is estimated tobe 103,000,000.?S1 PS 5lCHAMBERLAIN'S COLIC AND DIARRHOEA REMEDY.Now is the time to buy a bottle ofthis remedy so as to be prepared in.case that any one of your familyshould have an attack of colic ordiarrhoea during the summer months.It is worth a hundred times its costwhen needed.(adv)Paris Home SchoolWill OpenMonday, September 3, 1917Mrs. W. A. Harp, Director.Miss Carleton Brewer, A. B.,(University of Ky.) CollegePreparatory Department.Miss E. D. Giltner, Director ofMusic.Try a Package ofDarling'sMeatCrisps, For Your Little ChickensIt is Just the Thing.For Sale byW..C. DODSONSuth Main St.I IIS BfHB BT IbSJSI vSJSil-.-Mr-SOCIAL AND PERSONAL.Comings and Goings of OurPeople Here, There andElsewhere.M.rs. Walter Weurtz, of Louisville, is a guest of Mr. and Mrs. H.H. Floyd.Miss Frances Clay, of Paris, attended the Redpath Chautauqua atWinchester, Friday.Miss Margaret Slattery, of Lexington, is a guest of Miss RosaToohey near Paris.Mrs. and Mrs. Hiram Redmonand children, of Frankfort, are guestsof relatives near Paris.Miss Rachel Wiggins entertained at cards at her home near Hutchison yesterday afternoon.Mr. George T. Colliiis, formerParisian, now of Hamilton, Ohio, isa guest of friends in this city.Miss Louie Bruer and Mrs.Bruer have returned from a visit toMrs. J. L. Clark, in Winchester.Mr. and Mrs. G-. W. Newmanhave xeturned from a week's visit totheir daughter, Mrs. W. H. Rogers, z.iIndianapolis, Ind.Mrs. Russell Dyche and, childrenhave returned to their home in London, Ky., after a visit to Mr. andMrs. Walter Martin.Misses Martha Tharp and MattieJudy Botts, have returned to theirhomes in Mt. Sterling, after a visitto Mrs. W. R. Scott, in Paris.Mr. W. H. Parrish and familyhave moved from Paris to Cincinnati, where Mr. Parrish has secureda good position in mercantile work.Mrs. Irene Isaacs, of Paris, andher guest, Miss Bessie Choate, ofShelbyville, are visiting friends andrelatives in Mt. Olivet and Maysvillethis week.Mrs. Carlie Wilmoth and daughters have gone to Leesburg, in Harrison county, to spend a month asguests of her parents, Mr. and Mrs.Jas. H. Shropshire.Mr. and Mrs. Henry Fuhrmanhave as their guest, Mrs. HenriettaBerry, sister of Mrs. Fuhrman, who ismatron of the Detention Departmentat the Seattle, Wjash., city jail.Mr. W. K. Clinkenburg, ticketagent of the Louisville & Nashvilleat Paris, was one of the guests at aparty recently given in Lexington byMisses Eugenia and Hilda Seamon.Miss Martha Rymell, of KansasCity, Mo., is a guest at the home ofher aunt, Mrs. Bettie Brown,, onSouth Main street, where her sister,Miss Elizabeth Rymall, has been visiting several days.Richmond Register: "MissesMary and Lucy Lee Williams, ofParis, and Miss Martha Turpin, ofDayton, Ohio, with their grandmother,, Mrs. N. B. Turpin, are spendingtwo weeks at Mallory."Mr. and Mrs. Roy Harris, whohave been guests of relatives nearParis, left Saturday for theirhome in Tulsa, Oklahoma. Mrs.Harris was formerly Miss ElizabethBeasley, of Clintonville.Mr. Charles M. Boardman, of theNorth Middletown vicinity, who haslocated' in Wilbaux, Montana, writesthat he is exceedingly well pleasedwith the country, and thinks that hewill stick there for a while.Mrs. Frank P. Campbell andMrs. O. P. Carter, Jr., will entertainat Varden's Hall this afternoon withdancing, in honor of their daughters, Miss Mary Frances Campbelland Miss Elizabeth Stout Carter..Mrs. E. K. Thomas, of NorthMiddletown, who has been at HotSprings, Ark., for some time for treatment, writes to friends and relativesin this city that she is getting alongvery nicely, and hopes to secure permanent relief.During the temporary absence of'Mrs. Carl Crawford, -who left yesterday for. a, -visit, to -her brother, Mr.F. C. Moore,, at Waverly, .Ohio, thetea room and culinary department ofthe Hotel Windsor will be in chargeof Mrs. George Ellis.Mr. Jeff C. Elgin, of Paris, willleave to-morrow for Memphis, Tenn.,to asume his duties as traveling representative of Orgille Bros. & Co., ofCleveland, Ohio. Mr. Elgin willtravel through the South and Southwest in the interest of his firm.News has been received herethat Mr. Kenneth Alexander,brother-in-law of Mr. Wm. E.Simms, formerly of Paris, had arrived safely in France, and had assumedhis position as driver of an ambulance-motorcar in the service of theFrench army.Mrs. Robert Lee Stout, who wasinjured some days ago by beingthrown from a horse while ridingnear Tegas, in Clay County, is getting along nicely. Her host offriends here are much interested inher condition, and hope she willsoon be entirely recovered.Mrs. Ruth Lamar Titus, of SouthCharleston, Ohio, was the guest ofhonor last week at a bridge partygiven by her hostess, Mrs. SidneyArdery, Jr., at her home on. Houstonavenue. The prize -for the. highestscore, a pretty wall vase, was awarded to Mrs. Edward Pxichard,. wjiileMiss Elizabeth SteeleNwon,the bootiyprize, a fancy basket of candy. Thefollowing guests enjoyed the afternoon: Mrs. Baird, of South, Charleston, O.; Mrs. Laura Wiggins, Mrs.Sidney Ardery, Mrs. Edward Prichard, Mrs. White Varden, Mrs. Raymond McMillan,. Mrs. W. C. Daniel;Mrs. William Clark, of - Cincinnati;Mrs. Denis Dundon, Mrs. John. Davis,Mrs. Fay Ardery; Misses ElizabethSteele, Rachel Wiggins, Lizzie Jasper,Mary Fithian Hutchcraf t, Dorcas Ussery and Kate Alexander.(Other Personals on Pae 5.V -. 'MILLERSBURGMesdames JBruce McMahanP. Redmoncontinue toandim-prove.Miss Maggie Clarke is visitingher sister, Mrs. W. M. Hancock, atIrvine.Miss Sallie Moran, of Maysville,is the guest of her cousins, the MissesMason.Mrs. M. E. Pruitt returned Friday from a visit to her parents, Mr.and Mrs. Chanslor, at Stanford."Mr. Walter Ammerman, of EastSt. Louis, is the guest of his parents,Mr. and Mrs. E. W. Ammerman.Mrs. Ralph Miller and littledaugter, of Cincinnati, O., are guests'of her-sister, Mrs. S. C. Bascom.Miss Venable has returned toher home in Lexington, after a fewdays' visit to Mrs. A. S. Venable.Mrs. Mary Sue Hood and Mrs.Esther Robertson and little son, ofNepton, are guests of the Misses McIntyre. Mr. and Mrs. R. L. Wilson andPostmaster J. B. Cray attended thefuneral of Mr. Daniel Arrasmith atBethel, Saturday.Dr. W. H. Calhoun and familyhave moved to their' handsome ne7home at the corner of Sixth andMain streets.Mr. W. M. Vimont, of Maysville,was the guest of his mother and sister, Mrs. Martha Vimont, and MissFlorence, Saturday and Sunday.Mesdames F. B. Ingels, C. H.Jones and B. W. Wood attended thejfuneral of the infant of Mr. and Mrs. iReese Clarke, at Washington, Sun-'day.Mr. W. P. Shanklin and family,!and Mr. and Mrs. F. C. Caldwell at-ttended the funeral of their kinswoman, Mrs. W. H. Robb, at Mayslick,to-day.Mr. L. T. Vimont left Saturdayfor his home at Newport after spending a few days with his mother andsister, Mrs. Martha Vimont and Mis3Florence Vimont.There will be a meeting of theRed Cross Society at 2: 30 this afternoon in the Y. W. C. A. rooms of theM. C. All members are urged to bopresent; important meeting; room tobe prepared for sewing.Capt. M. H. Davis, a former instructor in the M. M. I., who hasbeen a guest of friends here, leftvesterdav for his home in NewYork City. Capt. Davis has beenteaching in Texas for the past year.' Rev. A. S. Venable, Misses Carolyn Mclntyre and McLona Butler,Messrs. A. T. Moffett and TomThome attended the installation exercises oi Kev. J. J. Rice, the newpastor of the Presbyterian Church, atParis, Sunday morning.There will be an entertainmentgiven by the Red Cross Society at theM. M. I. Auditorium, Friday at 8 p.m., consisting of living pictures,songs and monologues. Admission10c, 15c and 25c. Remember th-?cause, and do not forget the date,and let everybody be present.(10-2t)The Cleveland-Covington District Conference of the C. M. E.Church, the colored branch of theM. E. Church, South, is in sessionhere. Rev. J. L. Thomason, of Springfield, Ohio, is the Presiding Elder. H.A.. Stewart and D. A. Walker are pioneers of that branch. The Home Department of the Misionary Societygets chief place at this meeting forsomething, for something, must bedone to house the negroes from theSouth and lead them from the streetsand "places of vice to the church.Resolutions were passed pledging theti3:1 1 1 !REDEMPTIONillYOU SAVEBig Interest on Every Dollar You Spend by Paying Your Bills inFull by the 10th of Each Month Following Purchase andgetting BLUE TRADING STAMPS from the Progressive MerIchants who give them,In order to be entitled to Stamps, no balance can be on the books against youand an account must not run longer tnan 30 days from date of first purchase.Save BlXjE STAMPS' and make 3 per cent, on alF you spend.TO YOUA full book meant $3.00, the same as cash, in the purchase of merchandise, Ex-CCDtGroccricS and Meats. You can redeem two full leave containingm, -120 stamps for 25 cents worth of merchandise.PARISTUESDAYMary PickfordIN"A ROMANCE OFTHE REDWOODS"Presented by AircraftPicture Corporation.Helen Holmes in sixthepisode of "The RailroadRaiders" Alamo afternoon, Opera House atnight. Balcony and lower floor 10 and 20c; gallery 5 and 10c.. W. B. Warner, VioletHeming and W. LawsonButt in "The DangerTraill," and "Reel Life"Alamo at night. 5 and10c admission.?Coming'AttractionsBourbon LaundryDWIS & FUNK, Props.Telephone No. 4.Bourbon Laundry,Paris Kentucky.Automobile Hearse or Ambulance!I desire to announce to our friends that I can, wheredesired, furnish an automobile hearse or ambulance. Th ismethod of transpertation is especially desired on long trip s,the same being made in better time, and at no advance incost over the horse-drawn conveyance.GEO. W. DAVIS, Funeral Director.negroes' loyalty to "Old Glory" andthe President of the United States.The Millersburg Red Cross ha?made arrangements for a canningdemonstrator to visit Millersburg.She will give her first demonstration at the Millersburg College onWednesday afternoon at 2:30o'clock. All the ladies of the community are invited and urged to bepresent. .vfe m mSome men are not satisfied to remain, at the bottom of the ladder.They always want to get lower down.m m mSome people are always up anddoing other people."Pennies SowDollars Grow"-!-.PLEASE REMEMBERGRAND AND ALAMOWEDNESDAY.Theodore Roberts in"The American Consul"Produced by Jesse L. Lasky. BurtonHolmes' Travelsand Bray's famouscartoons.THTJUSDAY.Jules Verne's"20,000 LEAGUESUNDER THE SEA"Scenes from oceant earth and skyfilmed at the bottom of the ocean insome parts. Alamo afternoon, OperaHouse at night. Lower floor and bal-cony 10c and 20c; gallery oc and 10cDorothy Gish in "Stage Struck,"Fine Arts production. Popular Players in "The Bachelor's Finish," Triangle Comedy. Alamo at night, 5cand 10 c, admission.West 5 StreetSatisfaction is OurWatchwordWith all the latest imTprovements in laundryappliances and experthelpers we are preparedto do work inferior tonone, and solicit yourpatronage.Professional Cards.DR. WM. KENNEYEye, Ear, Nose and Throat.ROOMS 403-404.FIRST NAT'L BANK BUILDING.PHONE 13CWM. GRANNANAttorney-at-LawROOMS 401-402.FIRST NAT'L BANK BUILDINGlf.yS-AnrhliftUnvTlfitMnt;i!H1wMIkiff-friiiiiiiiiTmT--SOI AMD OOOBAHS.QinnrILHilut.illllttfitISai ;. IJS3 .:!1W5i..WMiIffMill?!j.I'.JTfi11i j. a1 1 tlistlif'iiF IfiM4fr51"r"v. ' " ) j- V -' jj-c -"-s "s- j V"jr " -" "s-.-- w I ;r V - . r v- '4"A?Sale BeginsThursdayJuly 12thSale ClosesSaturdayJuly 21stCLEARANCE SPECIALS INWomen's HoseLADIES' COTTON HOSE20 Values at mm ifoLADIES' COTTON AND LISLE HOSE,25c Values, at &. 19CLADLES' SILK HOSE, '35c Values,, at 29cLADIES' SILK HOSE,75c Values, at ; 59LADIES' SILK HOSE,$1.25 Values, at 98cCLEARANCE SPECIALS INWomen'sKnit UnderwearLADIES' UNION SUITS,50c Values at 39cLADIES' VESTS,15c Values, at 1SCLADD3S' VESTS,25c Values, at ....-.. .1. . .....: -i 19c.LADIES' VESTS,35c Values, at 29cLADIES' DRAWERS,50c Values, at 39cCLEARANCE SPECIALS INSkirtsLadies' ?1.50 Wash Skirts, at 98cLadies $3.00 Wash Skirts, at $1.98Ladies' $5.00 "Wiasli Skirts, at $3.98"Ladies' $7.50 Wash Skirts, at $4.75Ladies $7.50 Silk and Wool Skirts, at $4.98Ladies' $10.00 Silk and Wool Skirts, at $7.50Ladies' $15.00 Silk and Wool Skirts, at .. . .$9.98CLEARANCE SPECIALS INWaists$1.50 WAISTS AT 98c$2.00 WAISTS AT $1.39$2.50 WAISTS AT - $1.79$3.00 WAISTS AT $2.25$4.00 WAISTS AT $2.98$5.00 WAISTS AT $3.95$6.00 WAISTS AT .'. .' $4.50$7.50 WAISTS AT $5.75We are more than elated over this Clear- !ance, because it meets the needs of the day forSaving and Service so admirably. Offerings likethese at this time are so unusual the supremacyof the values will be instantly approved: Comeand be convinced.July Clearance ofMillineryTremendous reductions exist in thisdepartment. All our Trimmed HatsAt Less Than Half PriceClearance Specials InHANDKERCHIEFSLadies' 5c Handkerchiefs at 2cLadies' 10c Handkerchiefs at 4cLadies7 15c Handkerchiefs at ScLadies' 20c Handkerchiefs at. . 1 2cLadies' 25c Handkerchiefs at. . 1 9cWomen's Handsome TailoredLadies' $15.00 Suits atLadies' $20.00 Suits at.$7;50$9.95Ladies' $25.00 Suits at.Ladies' $30.00 Suits at.$12.50$14.50Women's Summer Dresses$6.50 and $7.50 Dresses at. . . .$4.75$10.00 Dresses at $7.75$15.00 Dresses at $11 .98$45.00 Dresses at....$20.00 Dresses at....$25.00 Dresses at...,$30.00 Dresses at....$29.50$15.75$19.75$24.50Clearance Specials inCoatsLadies $7.50 Coats at. . . .$4.99Ladies $10.00 Coats at. . .$6.98Ladies $15.00 Coats at. . .$9.98Ladies $20.00 Coats at .$12.50Ladies $25.00 Coats at. .$19.75Clearance Specials inSILKSWEATERSMisses and Ladies $10.00Silk Sweaters at $7.50Misses and Ladies $12.50j Silk Sweaters at $9.98Clearance Specials inMuslin Wear75c Muslin Gowns, at 59c$1.00 Muslin Gowns, at 7gc$1.50 Muslin Gowns, at 98c$2.00 Muslin Gowns at $1.39$2.50 Muslin Gowns, at $1.6935c Muslin Pants, at 29c50c Muslin Pants, at 39c$1.00 Muslin Pants at : 79c$1.25 and $1.50 Muslin Skirts, at 98c$2.00 Muslin Skirts, at $1.48$2.50 Muslin Skirts, at $119850c Corset Covers, at 3975c Corset .Covers, at 59c$1.00 Corset Covers, at 79c$1.50 Corset Covers, at , $1.1$PBDTCESS SUPS AND COMBINATION SUITS ATHALF-PRICE.$1.00 Values, at 50c$1.50 Values, at 75c$2.00 Values, at ' $1.00$2.50 Values, at $1.253,00 Values, at . $1.50LSPECAL CLEARANCE VALUESIn White Goods20c WHITE GOODS '. 17a2C yd25c WHITE GOODS 21c yd35c WHITE GOODS 29c yd50c WHITE GOODS 39c ydCRASH TOWELING, 17 c VAULES, AT 14c ydCLEARANCE SPECIALS INWash GoodsTHOUSAND YARDS OF BEST STANDARDCALICO, AT 8 1-3C yd15c GINGHAM, AT lS&Ac yd17c GINGHAMS, AT 15c yd20 GINGHAMS, AT -170 ydCLEARANCE SPECIALS INSilk PetticoatsSILK PETTICOATS,$3.00 Values, at $2 48SILK PETTICOATS, .$5,00 Values, at $3,75CLEARANCE SPECIALS INChildren's and Misses'Gingham DressesChildren's 75c Dresses, at 5gcChildren's $1.00 Dresses, at 79cChildren's $1.25 and $1.50 Dresses, at 98cChildren's $2.00 Dresses, at $1.4S. Children's $2.50 Dresses, at SL98CLEARANCE SPECIALS INSilk Gloves50c Long Silk Gloves, in black only, at 3gc$1.00 Long Silk Gloves, white and black 79c$1.25 Long Silk Gloves, white and black 98c$1.50 Long Silk Gloves, white and black . . . .$1,19CLEARANCE SPECIALS INLace Curtains$1.50 Lace Curtains, at 98e$1.75 Lace Curtains, at $1.25$2.00 Lace Curtains, at $1.48$2.50 Lace Curtains, at $1.75$3.00 Lace Curtains, at .$2.25$3.50 Lace Curtains, at $2.65$4.00 Lace Curtains, at $2.75$4.50 Lace Curtains, at $3.25$5.00 Lace Curtains, at $3.50Absolutely nothing takenback, exchanged or onapproval during this saleTHIS SALE IS STRICTLY CASH!NO CREDITThe extreme low pricesprohibits exchanges, returns or approvals.Store Closed Wednesday, July 1 1th, to Mark Down Goodsf 3: v3l:Ir.For This Sale.. t' -'-- J -.. S .-- .-,'- , fW ' ta..w-?-.,-'t ? " n . T2W W " -W kHV-f Vvs v- , i !t-i m"vtlP livJ-- -?, "WVakJF;xs-- VTUESDAY, JULY 10, 1917.THE BOURBON NEWS, PARIS, KY.PAGEFIVX-Cfl,!FOR THE BESTNOTHING ELSETobacco Hail Insurance.Thomas, Woodford & Bryan.fe fca 1SELLS FARM.Mr. John F. Young has sold hisfine farm of 140 acres, located nearLittle Rock, to Mr. J. Nathan Burris, of Little Rock vicinity, for $28.000. This is one of the best bodiesof land in that section of Bourboncounty.fe isiMANHATTAN SHIRT HEADQUARTERS.SOCIAL AND PERSONAL.Comings and Goings of OurPeople Here, There andElsewhere.A complete stock of all styles ofthis popular shirt. If you're hardto fit, come here. Prices start at$1.75.J. W. DAVIS & CO.IS TS E3MASS MEETING TO INSTITUTEWAR WORK.A patrioic mass meeting will baheld at the court house at thre2o'clock Sunday afternoon for thepurpose of inaugurating the army Y.M. C. A. work. A fund of $2,500 Kto be raised for this purpose. Bourbon county will be not a whit behindother counties in raising the sumallotted to it for this purpose. Thefund is to be devoted to Y. M. C. A.work for the army in camps, fieldand hospitals. A good speaker willbe present to explain the aims andobjects of the meeting.13 TS laWE START TO-TJAY.Read our ads. We will have something to interest you in each issue.Beginning to-day.BROOKS & SNAPP DRUG CO.(It)la Ja Js$ WOODS WILL PROBATED.The last will and testament of thol&te Councilman Jack. Woods was admitted to probate in the BourbonCircuit Court, Friday. Mr. Woodsleaves all of his property of whateverkind to his wife, Elizabeth Woods,who is named as executrix withoutbond.Mrs. Woods accepted the trust andqualified by furnishing bond in 'thepenal sum of $1,000. Ben Bedford,George Doyle and Roy Turner wereappointed by the Court to make anappraisement of the estate.la fe "fcPRESH FRTJITS ANTJ MELONS.Peaches, watermelons and canteloupes received fresh' every day thisweek.(It) C. P. COOK & CO.-m la is-,BACK TO OLD COUNTRY.According to reports received hereby friends, James Pappas, who conducted the Paris Restaurant hereseveral years ago, has returned tohis native land, Greece, and hastaken service in the Greek armyagainst the Germans.Pappas was one of the most popular Greeks who ever came to Paris.After selling out his business herehe went to Winchester, Va., wherehe was engaged in the restaurantbusiness for some time. Severalmonths ago he enlisted in the Greekarmy, but was not called to the colors until a few days ago.in i mTOBACCOHall Insurance.ROXIE DAVISra to teHON. REUB. OUT OF POLITICS.HE SAYS.Under the caption of "No Time ForPolitics," Will S. Kaltenbacher, theLouisville Times political paragrapher, has the following regarding theaspirations of Bourbon county's Representative in the Legislature:"Representative Reuben B. Hutchcraft, Jr., who served Bourbon county in the last Legislature and wasSecretary of the State Tax Commission that drafted the new tax law,Tvas in Louisville on his way backfrom. Dawson Springs, where he delivered an address before the StateBar Association, to Fort BenjaminHarrison, Ind., where he is a memberof the Kentucky contingent takingthe officers' training course. Mr.Hutchcraft said he had gotten politics entirely out of his system andwas devoting his time in trying towin a commission in the army."m Pa T2iMEMBER OF PRESIDENT'S BODYGUARD HERE.Sergt. Thomas Guilfoyle, of Paris,who became a member of UncleSam's big army some years ago, isvisiting relatives in Paris.Sergt Guilfoyle is here on a furlough. He had been stationed IdTexas for several months, and hadbeen transferred to Washingtonometime ago, where as a member ofthe Sixth U. 'S. Engineering Corps,he was assigned to duty, as one ofPresident Wilson's bodyguards, accompanying thJe President on all hisprivate and'business -missions in andabout Washington. Sergt. Guilfoyle is ricent about army andnaval affairs, but lias faith in -UncleSam. Ha la st of his Motker.Mrs. Jas. Gmilfoyte, ud 'sister Mrs.Pat Burlctft on ;Wachstr jstrsat.Mrs. Mary Hibler left yesterdayfor a visit to friends and relatives in.Mt. Sterling.Mr. Jo Davis, of Paris, attendedthe dance at Frankfort, Friday night,given by the Junior Dance Club ofthat city.Mrs. W. R. Hughes and daughter, Miss Hattie Hughes have returned from a visit to Mrs. W. H.Duncan, in Covington.Mrs. C. A. Teller has returned toher home in Chicago, after a visit .toher parents, Mr. and Mrs. I. L. Price,and family, in this city.Mr. John J. McClintock, whowas taken suddenly ill on Mainstreet last week, is recovering at hishome on Duncan avenue.Mr. and Mrs. Edward Simms anddaughter, Miss Bessie Simms, havearrived from Houston, Texas, for avisit to Miss Lucy Simms, on Secondstreet.Mrs. Verner Moore and daughter, Miss Matilda, who have beenbeen guests of Mrs Kate Wilson,have returned to their home inShelbyville.Mr. Roy Cledenin will leave nextSunday for Milwakee, Wis., to attend a .meeting of the District Managers of the Northwestern Mutual LifeInsurance Co.Mr. and Mrs. C. B. Choate anddaughters, Misses Bessie, Ola andCarrie Choate, of Shelbyville, wereguests Sunday and Monday of Mr.and Mrs. J. J. Veatch.Mr. David B. Joseph, formerly ofParis, is here for a month's vacationMr. Joseph is traveling for MendeiBerman & Co., of Cincinnati, manufacturers and importers of fine hats.Mr. and Mrs., Harry Saloshinand daughter, who have been guestsof his mother, Mrs. Louis Saloshin,and family, on Pleasant street, willreturn to their home in Cincinnati,to-day.Miss Elizabeth Steele and Mr.Charlton Clay, of Paris, were members of a dinner party given at theLexington Country Club, Saturdayevening by Mr. and Mrs. Louis Haggin, of Lexington.Mr. and Mrs". John Woodfordand son, John VanMeter Woodford,of near this city, will leave to-daywith a party of tourists for a tripthrough Yellowstone Park and otherpoints of interest in the West.Prof. M. A. Comack, who hasbeen spending part of his vacationwith his parents and sisters, inParis, left yesterday for New YorkCity, where he will enter ColumbiaUniversity to do residence work forhis Ph. D. degree.Mr. and Mrs. Will Gaines, ofLawrencebifrg, Mrs. Mattie Cannon,Mr. and Mrs. Lon G. Gannon andson, John Francis, of Georgetown,were with Mr. and Mrs. W. H. Cannon, on Cypress street, Sunday.Mrs. James K. Ford and Mrs.George R. Bell, who went to DryRidge for a short stay, have gone toOlympian Springs to remain sometime, the Carlsbad Springs Hotel atDry Ridge having been closed undercourt proceedings.Miss Jane Adams will entertainat bridge at her home in Frankfoitthis afternoon in honor of Miss Augusta Glass, of Washington, D. C,who recently concluded a visit toMrs. Swift Champe, in Paris, and whois the guest of. Miss Elise Kidd, inthat city.Miss Elizabeth Steele entertained with two tables of bridge Saturday afternoon in compliment to Mrs.Ruth Lamar Titus, ofSouth Charleston, O., and Mrs. Wm. Clark, of Cincinnati. Mrs. Baird,.of South Charleston, O., won the prize, a pair of knitting needles. JMrs. Katherine Davis Craig,Messrs. Jas. Thompson, Jr., DouglasClay and Jo Davis, of Paris, werpamong the guests Friday evening ata dancing party given by Messrs.Robert Jewell and Dawson Berry, inLexington, in honor of Miss EmmaWuperman, of California, who is aguest of Miss Sarah Chenault.Dr. Oberdorfer, the Edison dealer, has been invited to be present atthe National Convention of Edisondealers, which takes place on July15, in the famous ball-room of theWaldorf-Astoria, New York City.Dr. Oberdorfer has not been able todetermine whether be can arrangehis business affairs, so as to attendthe convention.Mrs. Wm. G. McClintock andMrs. Fanniebelle Suthrland, of Paris,representing the Paris Chapter ofthe Red Cross Society, attended ameetine of chairmen of the variousRed Cross Societies of Central Kentucky held in the Parish House, atLexington, yesterday morning ateleven o'clock.Mr. Landrum Payne, son of Mr.and Mrs. J. Walter Payne, of thiccity, who recently enlisted in thearmy service as a member or theaviation corps, has been assigned tothe aviation camp at San Antonio,Texas. He is now a member of Co.D., Twenty-third Squadron, Provisional Aerial Corps.Mrs. W. B. Thomas and son, Mr.William Kenney Thomas, of Detroit.Mich., are visiting her mother, Mrs.William Kenney, at Hutchison. Mr.Thomas has an important position, atthe Remey juiectric jLiaDorau-nea, mDetroit, where about a hundred mechanical engineering students areemployed. His part-of the xperimemtal work consists of giving ordersthrough the chief engineer to thewhere five thousand men are employed. Mrs. Ruth Parks and son havereturned from a visit to relatives atLair.Mr. John Reading, of Paris, isa guest of Miss Margaret Reading,in Frankfort.The Woman's Bible Class willpostpone their sewing, which was tobe Wednesday until some time nextweek on account of meeting of Canning Club.Attorney Simms, of Owensboro,is a guest of Attorney O. T. Hinton,on High street. They were classmatesat the University of Michigan, at AnnArbor, Mich.Miss Nell Whaley, of Paris, whohas been visiting her sister, Mis.Hoffman Wood, in Mt. Sterling, leftyesterday for Ithaca, New York,where she will pursue a specialcourse of study at Cornell University.Mr. Jo. Davis, of Paris, was amember of a party entertained at theCountry Club, Saturday night by Mr.Zach Montgomery, of Frankfort, inhonor of Miss Augusta Glass of Washington, D. C, who has been the guestof Miss Elise Kidd, in Frenkfort.Mr. Reville Whitridge, of Baltimore, Md., is the guest of Mr. HiramRoseberry. Mr. Whitridge is a Sargeant in the U. S. A., and is to report at Camp Perry, Michigan,the 15th of July. Mr. Whitridge isa brother of Mrs. O. T. Hinton.Mrs. W. F. Jackson, of Boston.Mass., who was formerly MissJunita Hudson, of Paris, has arrivedhere for a visit to her aunt, Mrs. RM. Harris, on Pleasant street. Mr.Jackson, who is general manager forthe Sherman Film Company, will arrive next week to join his wife.(Other Personals on Page 3.)to IS teIMPORTANT NOTICE TO ALL CAN-DIDATES.All candidates for county and cityoffices are hereby notified that therewill be a public drawing in the officeof County Clerk Pearce Paton at twoo'clock this (Tuesday) afternoon, todetermine positions they will occupyon the official ballot. All candidatesare asked to take note of this andbe present in the Clerk's office at 2:00 Ip. m. this afternoon,FOUNDFound, on my farm near theCounty Infirmary about July 1, onelarge hog. Owner can obtain his orher property by proving same andpaying charges of keep and advertising. ROY ENDICOTT,w Cumb. Phone 123,-Millersburg Ex.LOSTEither on the Chautauqua ground-qr on the streets in the vicinity, Saturday, an opal set from a fingerring. Highly valued as a souvenirFinder will be suitable rewarded byleaving at this office. (10-tf)FOR SALEAll kinds of second-hand furniture; gas and coal ranges; hot waterheaters; refrigerators, ice boxes, etc.One single wardrobe.Call and examine the stock. Cumberland phone 1056.FOREST THOMAS,(10-3t-pd) opp. Court House.White EnamelPorcelainWeather -ProofHouseHummersMade to Order5HEADQUARTERS FORCoolestSummer SuitsO5UR vast assortment of cool, comfort-giving Suits comprises only the preferredof all summer fabrics. Every Suit is chosen for its comfort-giving qualitiesand in addition each suit represents the highest tvne nf riesifminp- tailorinp-and finishing. They are made to give satisfaction to the wearer and this they do.The patterns show the latest ideas in color tones and the styles include belted modelsand the sensible plain sack styles. Values to suit every purse.Palm Beaches $8.50 and $10.00Mohairs $10.00Tropical Worsteds $12.50 to $15.00Dixie Weaves $10.00 to $15.00i SPECIAL VALUES IN SHIRTSmHESE SHIRTS AT $1 .OO represent something unusual for buyers ofanirts. iney are new arrivals, ana witnout question they arethe best showing-of$ 1 .OO Shirts in town. Extreme noveltv strioes. white groundswith neat stripes and every new pattern certainly go to make this a beautiful display. In value you can't do as well anywhere. Sizes 3l2 to 18.iTlim$1.00$1.00$1.00R. P. WALSHrMain and Seventh One Price Store Paris, KentuckyKaltexPorch Furniture!You Wish YOUR PORCH to Look the BEST. KALTEXFURNITURE Will Accomplish This For You.We have at last received this line of Chairs and Swings in the beautifulBaronial Brown. Every piece is practically indestructible, as every one is built onwire and the joints reinforced with steel braces. We show you one pattern here,but have many in stock to show you.Porch and Lawn Swings, Refrigerators'itemy factorat". Anderson, Imdiana,'vt".y.C. A. DaughertyaPiuris, feitacky-xk fr -a tVudor Porch Shades are the Best!THEJ.T.HINT0NC0.MOTOR HEARSE-MOTOR INVALID COACHUNDERTAKING'EITHERPHCtfNE" 36A,-SIXTH AND MAINyfe. WVia2m1 ! ".v .,V41TV2X.fr'r -A"I4AVli3rftHHt'-.lr -S-i-va-,r Y,-JJ-aK,' -vr :-V -cJ-'ViKTHE BOURBON NEWS; PARIS, KY:&TUESDAY, JULY' 10, 1917,IIalij y'1' .1rli rivi' j::..!8Iin.?l!k"5 fitMi'Ki? MUltfS; ri 8ii&isiniyIiidsisHIftnIfi ' .i8iir. 4iSBBBBBBBBBBBlgMf -&JRsfeYgCCCCC(flSBHW vWKfv .igegPJIPjF' "" n.gmmmffiisK?'-'' ;TJ JgWfc "ggggPPiB -fgggfltv .K - ' ' 'sssSssa? f& J??''.SSCeBgEvy - "'.sbbbbbbbbbp - VBRMSSBBBK4-'ASgmmW?iFull ofSERGEANT McCLINTOCK.Trenches.PNo.l In TrainingBy Sergeait Alexander McCIintock,D. C. M., 87th Overseas Bait.,Canadian Gren. Guards.Copyright, 1917, by the Belldlcate, Inc.Syn-KFOREWORD.Here is a literary product which'is atonce an admirable example of the forceof simple realism in the description ofthings which are difficult of ordinarycomprehension, and a handbook andguide for every prospective soldier ofour armies.Sergeant McCIintock has not writtenstories about the war. He has writtenthe war itself, reducing it, one mightalmost say, to words of one syllable,yet bringing to the reader's vieio, clearly and -vividly, the various aspects ofthe great struggle, hidden to all exceptthe man who is actually a part of it.His contribution to the history of thetoar must be classed as one whichshines with a new light.It is fascitiating in its simplicity, yetthrilling in' its convincing detail. Itleads one, with evergrowing and comfelling interest, from a casual conversation in a hotel in New York throughscenes of strife and blood and thrillingoonfiict to the moment when the kingsmd queen of England came to the bedside of a Kentucky youth iii a Londonhospital to thank him in the ilame oftheir nation for his services Mn thesmvse which we have now come to recognize as that of -world humanity.Sergeant McCIintock received the Distinguished Conduct medal before leaving England for home on leave. He isreturning to accept a commission in theCanadian overseas forces. The story istold in McClintock's own unadorned'way. 'I DON'T lay claim to being much ofa writer, and up till now i havenever felt the call to write anything about my experiences with tbiCanadian troops .in Belgium andIxance, because I have realized thata great many other men saw quite asmuch as I did and could beat me telling about it Of course I believed thatmy experience was worth relating, andI thought that the matter published inthe newspapers by professional writerg sort of missed the essentials andlacked the spirit of the "ditches" in agood many ways in spite of its excellent literary style, but I didn't' see anyreason why it was up to me to makean effort as a war historian until now.Now there Is a reason, as I look at itI believe J can show the two or threeMillions of my fellow countrymen whowill be "out there" before this war isrer what they are going to be upagainst nd what they ought to prepare for personally and individually.That is as far as I am going to go inthe way of excuse, explanation or com-y, for JGod's cake don't call meHarry. Here comes the general!"ttant, call It what you will. The rest'of my story is a -"simple relation oftacts and occurrences in the order in,wfclch they came to my notice and hapftstfed to me. It may start off a littlelawly ad jerkily, just as we did, notkmewmg What was coming to us. I'dBfce.to a4d hat it got quite hot enoughsmtt we later severaltimes. .Therefere, a mj ealort 4s going to beary ye right along with jae In thisewt of say experiences, don't beOVER THERE99The Thrill and-the Hell ofthe Trenches, Describedby an American Boy.Sergeant Alexander McCIintock of Lexington, Ky., and the Canadian Army HasGripping Tale That Every American WillRead, For He Tells the Facts Unadorned. Wounded, a Distinguished ConductMedal Man, He Was Invalided Home,but Is Going "Out There" Again to FightFor Uncle Sam and His Allies. An Inspiring, Interesting, Personal Narrative,the Spirit and Atmosphere of theimpatient If nothing very importantseems to come off at first I felt a little ennui myself at the getaway. Butthat was certainly one thing that didn'tannoy me later.In the latter part of October, 1915, Idecided that the United States oughtto be fighting along with England andFrance on account of the way Belgiumhad been treated, if for no other reason.As there seemed to be a considerabledivision of opinion on this point amongthe people at home, I came to the conclusion that any man who was free,white and twenty-one and felt as I didought to go over and get into it singlehanded on the side where his convictions led him, if there wasn't some particular reason why he couldn't. Therefore I said goodby to my parents andfriends in Lexington and started forNew York with the idea of sailing forFrance and joining the Foreign legionof the French army.Decides to Go to Canada.A couple of nights after I got to NewYork I fell into conversation in theKnickerbocker bar with a chap whowas In the re-enforcement company ofPrincess Pat's regiment of the Canadian forces. After my talk with himI decided to go up to Canada and lookthings over. I arrived at the Windsorhotel, in Montreal, at 8 o'clock in themorning a coupleXf days later, and at10 o'clock that morning I was swornin as a private in the Canadian Grenadier guards, Eighty-seventh overseasbattalion, Lieutenant Colonel F. S.Meighen commanding. They were justgetting under way, making soldiers outof the troops I enlisted with, and discipline was quite lax.They at once gave me a week's leaveto come down to New York and settleup some personal affairs, and I overstayed It five days. All that my company commander said to me when Igot back was that I seemed to havepicked up Canadian habits very quickly. At a review one day In our training camp I heard a major say:"Boys, for God's sake don't call meHarry or spit in the ranks. Here comesthe general!"We founa" out eventually that therewas a reason for the slackness of discipline. The trouble was that menwould enlist to get $1.10 a day without working for It and would desertas soon as any one made it unpleasantfor them. Our officers knew what theywere about. Conditions changed instantly we went on sWpboard. Disci,pline tightened up on us like a tie ropeon a coltWe trained in a sort of casual, easyway In Canada from Nov. 4 to the following April. We had a good deal oftrouble keeping our battalion up tostrength, and I was sent out severaltimes with other "noncoms" on. a recruiting detail. While we were in thetraining camp at St. John's I made theacquaintance of a young Canadian whobecame my "pal." He was CampbellMcFarland, nephewvof George McFarland, the actor who is so well knownon the American 'musical stage. Hewas a -sergeant When- I-fjrst.,knewhlm-he-was-oneof-tbe most delightfuland amusing young fellows you couldimagine. . hThe war changed him entirely. Hebecame extremely quiet and seemed tobe borne down with the sense of theterrible things which he saw. He never lost the good fellowship which wasinherent in him and was always ready. to do anything to oblige me, but heformed the habit of sitting, alone andsilent, for hours at a time, just thinking. It seemed as if he had a premonition about himself, though he nevershowed fear and never spoke of thedangers we were going into, as theother fellows did. He was killed inthe Somme action in which I waswounded.I also had been made a sergeant onaccount of the fact that I had beenat school In the Virginia Military institutethat is, I was an acting sergeant It was explained to me thatmy appointment 'would, have to beconfirmed in England and then reconfirmed after three months' service InFrance. Under the regulations of theCanadian forces a noncommissionedofficer, after final confirmation in hisgrade, can be, reduced to the ranksonly by a general court martial, thoughhe can escape a court martial, whenconfronted with .charges, by revertingto the ranks at his own request.Forty-two hundred of us sailed forEngland, on the Empress of Britain,JBister ship to the Empress of Ireland,which was sunk In the St Lawrenceriver. The steamer was, of course!very crowded and uncomfortable; andthe eight day Wp across was mostunpleasant f& had trJpeto .eatuntilwe were atck of the sight of it Aergeant reported one morning, "Eightmen Ana twenty-two Treakfasts absent" There were twn Mh fvmiWps inconvoy,-the Baltic andletagama. A British cruiser escortedus until we were 400 miles off the coastof Ireland. Then each ship picked upa destroyer which had come out tomeet her. At that time a notice wasposted in the purser's office informingus that we were in the war zone andthat the ship would not stop for anything, even for a man overboard, Thatday a soldier fell off the Metagamawith $700 in his pocket, and the shipnever even hesitated. They left himwhere he had no chance in the worldto spend his money., "Make a Break!"' Through my training in the V. M.I., I was able to read semaphore signals, and I caught the message fromthe destroyer which escorted us. Itread:"Each ship for herself now. Make"a break!"We beat the other steamers of ourconvoy eight hours in getting to thedock in Liverpool, and, according towhat seemed to be the regular systemof our operations at that time, wewere the last to disembark.The majority of our fellows had never been in England before, and theylooked on our travels at that time asa fine lark. Everybody cheered andlaughed wheithey dusted off one ofthose little toy trains and brought itup to take us away in it. After wewere aboard of it we proceeded at thedizzy rate of about four miles an hour,and our regular company humoristno company complete without onesuggested that they were afraid, ifthey went any faster, they might runoff the island before they could stop.We were taken to Bramshott camp, inHampshire, twelve miles from theAldershot school of command. Thenext day we were given "king's leave"eight days, with free transportationanywhere In the British Isles. It isthe invariable custom to give this sortof leave to all colonial troops immediately upon their arrival in England.However, in our case Ireland was barred. Just at that time Ireland was noplace for a newly arrived Canadianlooking for sportAfter that they really began to makesoldiers of us. We thought our training in Canada had amounted to something. We found out that we mightas well have been playing croquet.After That They Really Began to MakeSoldiers of Us.We learned more the first week of ouractual training in England than wedid from November to April in Canada. I make this statement . withoutfear that any officer or man of theCanadian forces alive today will disagree with me, and I submit it for thethoughtful consideration of the gentlemen who believe that our ownarmies can be prepared for servicehere at home.In this war every man has got to bea -specialist- He's- got to know onething better than' anybody else exceptthose who have had intensive instruction in the same branch. And, besidesthat; he's got to have effective general"knowledge of all the specialties inwhich his fellow soldiers have beenparticularly trained. I can illustratethis. Immediately upon our returnfrom first leave in England we weredivided into sections for training ineight specialties. They were: Bombing,sniping, scouting, machine gun fighting, signaling, trench mortar operation,bayonet fighting and stretcher bearing.I was selected for special training inbombing, probably because I was supposed, as an American and a baseballplayer, to be expert in throwing. Withthe other men picked for training inthe same specialty, I was sent to Aldershot, and there for three weeks,twelve hours jbl day, I threw bombs,studied bombs, read about bombs, tookbombs to pieces to see what made.them tick and put them together againand did practically everything elsethat you could do with a bomb, excepteat it - x w - .Then I was ordered back along withthe other men who had gained thisintimate acquaintance with the entirebomb family, and we were put to -workteaching the entire battalion all thatwe had learned. When we were notteaching we were j under instructionourselves, by .the men who bad .takentpecial training in otber 5 branches.Also at certain periods 4 of the day we,lad physical training and viifle pratice. Up to the time of our arrival inEngland intensive training had beenmerely a fine -phrase with us. Durlniz.our atey-ere--it(jwasdefintteajridoverpowering ract Day and night wetrained, and dayana Jiightjttrained; 'At9 s o'clock wp.wmilr? i fVitnV,n. wiSsSWsohL A.bunks Inputs which hemMiltkml to June 1, 1915? when Jthe r" " pmroon-rrom thirty to mx- ;4be firgtvgaj? attack in the worloVhis-ty men and drop into exhausted sleep,only to turn out at 5 a. m. to give asudden and exact imitation of whatwe would do to the Germans if theysneaked up on us before breakfast insix inches of mud. Toward the lastwhen we thought we had been drivento the limit, they told us that we wereto have a period of real, intensive training to harden us for actual fighting.They sent us four imperial drill sergeants from the British grenadierguards, the senior foot regiment of theBritish army and the one with whichwe were affiliated. 'It would be quite unavailing for meto attempt to describe these drill sergeants. The British drill sergeant isan institution which can be understoodonly through personal and close contact and is about as cordial as looseelectricity. If he thinks a major general is wrong he'll tell him so on thespot in the most emphatic way, butwithout ever violating a single sacredtradition of the service. The sergeantswho took us in charge to put on thereal polish to our training had all seenfrom twenty to twenty-five years ofservice. They had all been throughthe battles of Mons and the Marne,and they had all been wounded. Theywere perfect examples of a type.' Oneof them ordered all of our commissioned officers, from the colonel down, toturn out for rifle drill one day and putthem through the manual of armswhile the soldiers of the battalion stoodaround looking on."Gentlemen," said he very politelyin the midst of the drill, "when I seeyou handle your rifles I feel like falling on my knees and thanking Godthat we've got a navy," yA Call For Volunteers.On June '2, after the third battle ofYpres, fwhile McFarland and I weresitting wearily on our bunks duringa strange hour in the afternoon whennobody had thought of anything forus to do, a soldier came in with amessage from headquarters which puta sudden stop to the discussion wewere having about the possibility ofgetting leave to go up to London. Themessage was that the First, Secondand Third divisions of the Canadianshad lost 40 per cent of their men in thethird fight at Ypres and that 300 volunteers were wanted from each of ourbattalions to fill up the gaps."Forty per cent," said McFarland,getting up quickly. "My God, think ofit! Well, I'm off to tell 'em I'll go."I told him I was with him, and westarted for "headquarters, expecting tobe received with applause and pointedout as heroic examples. We couldn'teven get up to give in our names.- Thewhole battalion had gone up ahead ofus. They heard about it first. Thatwas the spirit of the Canadians. Itwas; about this time that a story wentround concerning an English colonelwho had been called upon to furnishvolunteers from his outfit to replacecasualties. He backed his regiment upagainst a barrack wall and said: ."Now, all who don't want to volunteer step three paces to the rear."In our battalion sergeants and evenofficers offered to go as privates. McFarland and I were not accepted; ourvolunteers went at once, and we werere-enforced up to strength by draftsfrom the Fifth Canadian division,which was then forming in England.In July, when we were being kepton the rifle ranges most of the time,,' all leave was stopped, and we wereordered to hold ourselves in readinessto go overseas. In the latter part ofthe month we started. We sailed fromSouthampton to Havre on a big transiPdrt, escorted all the way by destroyers. As we landed we got our firstsight of the harvest of war. A big hospital on the quay was filled withwounded men.. We had 'twenty-fourhours In what they called a "restcamp." We slept on cobblestones inshacks which were so utterly comfortless that it would be an Insult to aKentucky thoroughbred to call themstables. Then we were on the way tothe Belgian' town of Poperinghe, whichIs 150 miles .from Havre and was atthat time the. rail head of the Ypres.,salient We made the trip In box cars !which were marked in French, "Eighthorses or forty men," and we had todraw straws to decide who should liedown. IIn the Front Trenches.We got into Poperinghe at 7 a. m., 'and the scouts had led us into the jfront trenches at 2 the next morning. 'Our position was to the left of St Eloiand was known as "the island," because it had no support on either flank. lOn the left were the Yser canal andthe bluff which forms its bank. Onthe right were 300 yards of battereddown trenches, which had been rebuilttwice and blown in again each timeby the German guns. For some reason, which I never quite understood,the Germans were able to drop whatseemed a tolerably large proportion ofthe output of the Krupp works on thisparticular spot whenever they wantedto. Our high command had concludedthat it was untenable, and so we, onone side of it, and the British, on theother, had to just keep it scouted andprotect our separate flanks. Anothername they had for that position wasthe "bird cage." That was becausethe first fellows who moved Into itmade themselves nice and comfy andput up wire nettings to prevent anyone from tossing bombs in on them.Thus, when the Germans stirred upthe spot with an accurate shower of"whiz bangs" and "coal boxes," thesame (being thirteen pounders and sixinch shells, that wire netting presenteda spectacle of utter Inadequacy whichhasn't ,been equaled In this war.They, called the position which wewere -assigned to defend "the grave-yard'jqf Canada." -That' was Jecauseqf the ?f earful losses of: the-CanadiansuereY.intne .second battle' of Ypref,tory was launched by the Germans,and, although the French on the leftand the British on the right fell back,the Canadians stayed where they 'wereput.Right here I can mention somethingwhich will give you an idea why descriptions of this war don't describe ItDuring the first gas attack the Canadians, choking to death and fallingover each other in a fight against anew and unheard of terror in warfare,found a way the Lord only knowswho first discovered it and how hehappened to do it to stay through agas cloud and come out alive. It isn'tpretty to think of, and it's like manyother things in this war which you. can't even tell of in print, because thesimple description would violate thenice ethics about reading matter forthe public eye which have grown up inlong years of peace and traditional decency. But this thing which you can'tdescribe meant just the difference between life and death to many of theCanadians that first day of the gas.As Dawn Broke We Made Out a BigPainted Sign Above the GermanFront Trench.Official orders now tell every soldierwhat he is to do with his handkerchief or a piece of his shirt if he iscaught In a gas attack without hismask.The nearest I can come in print totelling you what the soldier Is orderedto do in this emergency Is to remindyou that ammonia fumes oppose chlorine gas as a neutralizing agent andthat certain emanations of the bodythrow off ammonia fumeB.Now that I've told you how we gotfrom the Knickerbocker bar and otherplaces to a situation wfilch was just150 yards from the Intrenched frontof the German army in Belgium Imight as well add a couple of detailsabout things which straightway putfear of God in our hearts. At daybreak one of our Fourteenth platoonmen, standing on the firing step, pushed back his trench helmet and remark-iiOVERNThe Thrill and Hell of the Trenches Described by an American BoyWe have secured a series of six articles bySergeant Alexander McCIintock of Lexington,Ky.f and the Canadian army. He has a grippingtale that every American will read, for he tellsthe facts, unadorned. Wounded, a DistinguishedConduct medal man, he was invalided home, butis going "Over There" again to fight for UncleSam and his allies.Feb. 14, 1917.Sergeant Alexander McCIintock served in the Eighty-eventliBattalion Canadian Grenadier guards from September, 1915, untilNovember, 1916, the last four months of that time at the frontin Prance, where he gained the Distinguished Conduct medal byhis devotion to duty and bravery under fire.As. his former commanding officer I can testify as to his goodqualities, and I consider he would make a valuable officer.(Signed) F. S. MEIGHEN,Brigadier General, Commanding Canadian Training Division,Bramshott.NO. 1 In Tralotag. How the men arefinally brought to the firing line. A description of conditions that our own boysand their parents will read eagerly.NO. 2. Tfce Boat Rale. Th great preparations and 'rehearsing- for this attack.Volunteers .for the job taken behind' theline where the German trenches are exactly reproduced. The" days of preparation.Heretofore, unwritten detail of moderntrench raids. This article concludes withthe men going out to their Job.NO. 2."0rtr ,the Top aid QlreHtM." The, English Tommy's battle cryas ho breaks from' his trench. The bombraid and what happened. Of sixty -that;started forty-six-failed to return becausethe Germans, had prepared and mined thetrench. Graphic description' of- SergeantMcClintock's terrible experience. ,.NO. 4.-SWtte to the Smhm. ttftoantMeCllntock takes. part in the greatestofjWe will primt one trticW och. rf , S -V,a tea that he thought it was about tUngfor coffee. He didn't get any. A German sharpshooter, firing tLe first time!that day, got him under the rim of his'helmet, and his career with the Canadian forces was over right there. Andthen, as the dawn broke, we made outta big painted sign raised above the'German front trench. It read:SKWELCOME,EIGHTY-SEVENTH CANADIANS&--5We were a new battalion. We hadbeen less than seventy-two hours onthe continent of Europe, and the Germans were not supposed to know anything that was going on behind ourlines!We learned afterward that concealed"telephones in the houses of the Belgian burgomasters of the villages ofDinkiebusch and Renninghelst, nearOur position, gave communication withthe German headquarters opposite us.One of the duties of a detail of ourmen soon after that was to stand thesetwo burgomasters up against a walland shoot them.In concluding this first article I wantto say frankly that any man whoclaims he is not afraid when for thefirst time he goes into that hell of fireon the western front is a liar, and I'lltell him so to his face. Later we became impervious, but' that first dayI prayed, and I would have bent downand prayed only my knees shook so.The five remaining articles in thisremarkable series will appear one eachweek. They are as follows,:No. 2. The Bomb Raid.The great preparations and rehearsingfor this attack. Volunteers for the jobtaken behind the line where the Germantrenches are exactly reproduced. Thedays of preparation. Heretofore unwritten detail of modern trench raids. Thisarticle concludes with the men going' outto their job.No. 3. "Over the Top and Give 'EmHell."The English Tommy's battle cry a3 hebreaks from his trench. The bomb raidand what happened. Of sixty that started forty-six failed to return because theGermans had prepared and mined thetrench. Graphic description of SereeantMcClintock's 'terrible experience.No. 4. Shifted to the Somme.Sergeant McCIintock takes part in. thegreatest of all battles and tells of thehell of it. 'The front in Belgium wasreally a rest sector In comparison withit," he says. The extensive preparationsof the allies for open warfare afterwardabandoned because of the failure of expected developments.No. 5. Wounded In Action.This article describes the terrible fightthe dead and dying, the loss of a pal andthe final falling of McCIintock In NoMan's Land. Simply told, it is one of thmost remarkable descriptions of a battle,by a participant ever put together.No. 6. Decorated For Bravery; Homeand Uncle Sam.This -concluding article of the series relates in detail how England cares for thewounded. How the king and queen cameto the bed of an American boy and decorated him in a London hospital for gallantry. Interesting, intimate and amusing incidents told by and of the woundedTommies. Trying to fight for Uncle Sain.THERE99iall battles and tells of the hell of it. "Thefront in Belgium was really a rest sectorin comparison with it," he says. Tho oxtensive Preparations othe alllt tar ooanwarfare afterward abandoned because orthe failure of expected developments. iNO. 5. We4ee Ii Actio. This article idescribes the terrible fight, tho deal aad jdying, the loss "of a pal and the final falling of McCIintock In No Man's Land; Sinply told, it In one of tho most remarkable- idescripUottiTof ' a battle by a parUcipaht jever put together. .NO. 1 Dccoratfc For Bravery; Hoar iu UKk Sasi.. This concluding- artfots of !the series -relates In detail how rnajtsail-carestor tho wounded. How tho klagr aad iqueen came to 'the bed of aa -Amortoan ;boy; and decorated him lm a- Loo4 aee- Ipital for gallantry.- Inttreetiag.. iattssate land amusing; incidents -told by aaa.of,ta iwounded Tommies. Trying i iat"fer LUncJe Basal . ..O -ir.RWeek for six weeks.mfir--r!TL. tv!i4 ".-li--, -TUESDAY, JULY 10, 1917."HE BOURBON NEWS, PARIS, KY7FAGMSMTBHn r irrv sCORK CLOTH.The French have perfected a process for manufacturing a cheap waterproof cloth from, cork that is atonce warm and durable. The cortis cut into very thin slices, and theslices are treated with chemicals.This chemical treatment is the essential part of the process, for it removes certain elements from thecork which make it brittle.LIFTYOUR CORNS OFFFINGERS.WITHTells How to Loosen a Tender Cornor Callous So It Lifts OutWithout Pain.You reckless men and women whoare pestered with corns and who haveat least once a week invited an awfuldeath from lockjaw or blood poisonAfter are now told by a Cincinnati author-the treatment, the sheets of cork can ity to use a drug called Freezone,be rolled or folded without breaking, which the moment a few drops areThese elastic sheets are cemented to applied to any corn or callous thea background of thin cloth, and the soreness is relieved and soon the enfabric is ready for use. tire corn or callous, root and all, lifts'off with the fingers.I Freezone dries the moment it is applied, and simply shrivels the cornor callous without inflaming or evenirritating the surrounding tissue ocskin. A small bottle of Freezone willcost very little at any of the drug.stores, but will positively rid one's.J feet of every hard or soft corn orFor Friday &Saturday hardened caiious. if your druggistJ hasn't any Freezone he can get it atMflRGOLEN'SBIG SPECIALany wholesale drujhouse for you.(adv)Country Bacon at25c lb.Pure Hog Lard at23c lb.SSiced Picnic Ham at30c lb.j The life of a woman whose hus, band has no faults must be awfullyj monotonous.1Practice makes perfect and it alsomakes the neighbors feel like smashing the piano.1 ARE YOU ONE OF THEM?There are a great many peoplewho would be very much benefitedby taking Chamberlain's Tablets fora weak or disordered stomach. Are;you one of them? Mrs. M. R. Searl,Baldwinsville, N. Y., relates her ex-t-. 1. cc i pi. i tu ica perience in the use of these tablets:Best Sirlom Steak, per lb. . . .. -25c ft. had a bad speU with my stomachBest Roast, per lb 221-ZC about six months ago, and wasPork Chops, per lb 25c troubled for two or three weeks withPnrk Roast' Der lb 25c gas and severe pains in the pit ofrorK tfoasi, per id. ' i o my stomach. Our druggist advisedPlate Roast, per lb 1 1-ZC; me to take chamberlain's Tablets.I took a bottle home and the firstdose relieved me wonderfully, and Ikept on taking them until I was! cured." These tablets do not relievepain, but after the pain has beenrelieved may prevent its recurrence.(adv)MflRGOLEN'SSanitary Meat Marketiflose.you play with the devil youWeKnowJjYou'll WonderHowlWe Do It :But how or why shouldn't matter. The talk of the town:Palm Beach Suits(the genuine article) in all colors and atyles, $8.50 to10.00 values, going atYou'll have to hurry, because they're going fast.SURPRISE SPECIAL INo. 2AH Our $2.00 and $2.50 Straw Hats M 4Cfor men, your choice rSee our windows, then hurry in while the pickiag is good.TWIN BROS.Clothing and Shoe Dept.L. WollsteiD, Prop5 Thrift Is Now a EllBl National Slogan Bjl""""""J 1 ' The American people are TTHH hm wakiftg up. They resent the H BB JjM charge that they are wasteful. H BBank deposits all over theI country are increasing by leaps 1 IAre you a depositor ?IX nmnrrnt nf cash. We'll be Blad ,LZrvIf you are not, join the financial preparedness army. Manage to lay aside a certainamount of cash. We'll be gladto explain our banking system.wJMUJtSSUib' JfUST GRADUATESCHOOL.The Kentucky Tuberculosis Commission, recognizing the peculiarproblems of this State and to meetthe demand for nurses, offers a fourmonths' post graduate course in public health nursing to gsaduates of accredited hospitals. Students can enter at any time and there will be nofees for the first thirty matriculatesand for a selected few of the Commission's choosing one half of theliving and incident expenses will bsborne by the Commission. The general headquarters are in Louisville,and Dr. J. B. Floyd, medical director of the Waverly Hill Sanitorium.with a capacity of 190 patients, willdeliver a series of lectures on thecare, prevention and cure of tuberculosis and its relation to " publichealth nursing. Demonstrations willbe given in the methods of dealingwith the tubercular in the sanitorium, the treatment m the activestage, diet, rest, exercise, habits andthe precautions to be exercised bypatients and attendants. Miss NanL. Dorsey, Supervisor of the DistrictNurses' Association of Louisville, andMiss Mary Coady, Supervisor ofNurses of the Louisville Tuberculosis Association, will give didacticcourses in special practice work andwith their staff of seventeen nurseswill demonstrate to the student nurses the practical methods of thecourse. Other prominent lecturersand demonstrators will give lectureson the care of the tubercular ahome, the city clinic, in the city hospitals, and on the open air schools.Miss Virginia Martin, Supervisorof the Public Health Nursing Association, of Lexington, will provide acourse which will be in the natureof recapitulation of the work donein the separate departments in Louisville. Upon completion of thepost graduate course, a certificateof graduation will be given,certificate of graduation will be givenwhich will outline the course pursued and include such recommendationas the abilities of the graduate warrant. The is absolutely no financial profit to any one in the maintenance of this course. In fact, therewill doubtless be a loss, but exigencies demand that it be offered so asto supply the constant and growingdemand for public health nurses. Address Dr. W. L. Heizer, Secretary ofthe Tuberculosis Cmomission atFrankfort, who is also General Director of the Post Graduate Schoolfor fuller information.tes is ?aJUDGE FOR YOURSELF.Which Is Better Try an Experimentor Profit by a Paris Citizen'sExperience.Something new is an exeprimenj;.Must 'be proved to be as represented. The statement of a manufacturer isnot convincing proof of merit.But the endorsement of friends is.Now supposing you had a badback,A lame, weak, or aching one,.Would you experiment on it?You will read of many so-calledcures.Endorsed by strangers from faraway places.It's different when the endorsementcomes from home.Easy to prove local testimony.Read this Paris case.Floyd H. Rankin, grocer, Lillestonavenue and Lucas street, Paris, says."I have used Doan's Kidney Pills offand one for years and have beengreatly benefited by them. At time?I have suffered severely with kidneycomplaint. My back has often painedme and has been lame most all thetime. The kidney secretions havebeen too frequent in passage andhave greatly annoyed. me. WheneverI have been this way, I have alwaysfound that a .box of Doan's KidneyPills have never failed to cure mcof the attack in short order."Price 50c, at all dealers. Don'tsimply ask for a kidney remedy getDoan's Kidney Pills the same thatMr. Rankin had. Foster-MilburnCo., Props., Buffalo, N.Y.(adv)JEi iWHO IS THE SPY?The Phon d'AmourEmbodies the first vital change in Phonograph ConstructionTHERE are three critical points in thebuilding of a phonograph three pointswhere there can be no compromise withpossible tone peril: the Reproducer, the Diaphragmand the Sound Amplifier.It was at these points that Bernhard Fritzsch, "Doctorof Violins" as the virtuosos call him, focused his geniusas a master instrument-maker in the building ofPhon d'AmourThe Phonograph PerfectTHE REPRODUCER he constructed in such manner as to give the diaphragm thecompletest relaxation, so that vibration is induced at the slightest impulse of needle-arm.THE DIAPHRAGM itself he made of wood, seasoned and fashioned beyond anypossible danger of s warping; and insuring a resonance of tone not attainable by use of any othermaterial.TO THE AMPLIFIER he brought again thegenius of the instrument-maker, building this withdouble wall of finest violin-wood in order to secure the construction principle of musical instruments such as the violinFrom start to finish from the time the needlearm lays its impulse upon the diaphragm until itissues from the two-chambered amplifier thetone is true, rounded and full.It is all in the violin-wood construction at vitalr points tone-forming points that makes thePhon d'Amour a distinctive triumph in Phonograph construction; that differentiates it from allother Phonographs.The Phon d'Amour is not an assembled instrument; theimprovements and features embodied in Phon d'Amourare patented and procurable in no other instrument.W'r zJat JCopyricht 1017 byThe l ritxich Phonograph Co228-30 W. Seventh StThe Fritzsch Phonograph CompanyCincinnati, OhioProtectYour EyesFrom the heat and dust withour Goggles and Shades!Farmers' & Traders' Bank-F. P. K3SER, PresidentW.W. MITCHELL, Cashier.WM. GRIMES. Bookkeeper.. Sixth and Main Street Paris, KySome one with access to the confidential files of the Navy departmentor in a position where he can learnthe innermost secrets of the Secretaryand his immediate aides, is a Germanspy.By some method not yet ascertained this person is keeping the Germanadmiralty informed of every movemade by the fleet of this country. Hotold them when the transports leftthis country with General Pershing'smen and jsut exactly where andwhen the Navy Department had appointed a rendezvous for the ships tomeet the full naval convoy. It wasnot a case of one meeting, but two,and strong fleets of U-boats werewaiting at both places for two contingents of transports.Congress, aided by every agencyof government, is' to make a supremeeffort to discover the spy and ascertain the present method of communication.1 aThere are unlimited opportunitiesfor a man who is determined to makea fool of himself.te fe fe -After a man reaches the age of 40he quits trying to secure the moonand gives his ntire attention to getting the earth. ? -We have a complete assortment. Don't triflewith your eyesight. Itis the most valuablegift of nature. For firstclass service, see usWe Fit WhereOthers FailFRYE & FRANKLINDOCTORS OF OPTOMETRYDow Bldg., opp. Windsor Hotel$1.50O P PORTU N J T Y !Mr. E. F. Clendenin, Associate General Agent forthe Northwestern Mutual Life Insurance Company, inone day recently, sold $100,000 worth of life insuranceover local and leng distance lines of the Home TelephoneCompany and hecause of such an amount of businessaccumulated in one day, he divides the honors with usfor the efficient telephone service rendered. This is asplendid record for both Telephone and Insurance Companies. Mr. Clendenin says; 'The service I get from yourCompany is all that I could ask, and on the closing dayof my campaign I used it with wonderful success."Such an opportunity in facilitating business shouldbe grasped by the public in general in employing co-operation,efficiency and confidence.Paris Home Telephone S Telegraph Go.(Incorporated)J. J. VEATCH, District Manager.W. H. CANNON, THOMAS K. tf MITH,- Local Manager. Cashier.ttf f M''H'ltt'M'Mtt "1"! 11 H t III 'TOCincinnatiand ReturnOn Special Sunday Excursion onSunday, July 15thSpecial train leaves' Paris 8:20a. m., arriving in Cincinnati at10:30 a. m..Returning leaves Cincinnati(4th Street Stationat 7 p. m.W. V. SHAW, AflentW. R. CLINKENBEARD. T. A.PILES! PILES! PILES!WILLIAMS' INDIAN PULE OINTMENTWill cure Blind, Bleedln and Itching files.It absorbs the tumors, allays Itching at once,acts as s poultice, givss instant relief.For sale tyll druggists, mail Me ad H-00twllliaS MF 6.CO, PrtOe ittoW, OtfouBERDORFER, The DruggistSPECIAL!Ladies' Black Kief, White WashableKid TopLadies' Brown Kid, White WashableKid Top$5:?5V "'Regular $8.00 ValuesWe have about 30 pairs of bothwhich we are closing out. Comewhile we have your size.HARRY LINVILLEIrr 1'V-V-"v J.. rs&.r- 9M1Por'f)i,VhUi.A i'iUtA'iUJPI"Mammt TISrmmitsIIfTT;. fc .W5- '-.m3- " cS-- --r :,1 -' "MS: "S - 4 -It- .'V vwPAGE EIGHTTHE BOURBON NEWS, PARK, KY.TUESDAY, JULY 10, 19i72-'FT? '1 1i41Itmi Iifr tIfii4Si:1:iflVf iiI i.s;ia rI 181r iMI MUinnSinff'Kfl"W3!1 tfa!igI8.t i -j1 1' IDEATHS.BARBER.Alexander J. Barber, a well-known painting contractor of Lexington, died at a hospital in thatcity Saturday night, after a" longillness. Mr. Barber was a brother-in-lawof Mr. Burr Paton, formerlyof Paris, who moved to Lexingtonseveral years ago. He is survived bytwo sisters, Mrs. Burr Paton, andMrs. C. H. Woodward, of Lexington,and one brother, Harry Barber, ofNashville.METCALFE.The funeral of Mr. Frank Metcalfe, the well-known Lexington cabaret singer, who formerly resided inParis, and who was killed in an accident at an amusement park in Quincy, HI., a few days ago, was held inthe chapel of the Lexington Cemetery at Lexington, Saturday afternoon at five o'clock. The serviceswere conducted by Rev. Dr. I. J.Spencer. The pall-bearers were Gordon Hunt, Berry Welsh, Gus Welsh.Leslie Blankenship, Robert Long andRobert Stratton.The body arrived at Lexington onthe 9:20 Q. & C. train Friday night,and was taken to the undertaking establishment of M. R. Milward. Besides his widow, who was from Henderson, Ky., Mr. Metcalfe is survivedy his father, Mr. Lee Metcalfe, ofNew York, and three aunts, Mrs. BerrSayre, of Lexington, Mrs. Louis Gilson and Mrs. Owsley Stanhope, ofCovington.Mr." Metcalfe made many friendduring his stay in this city, wholearned with genuine regret of hissudden and untimely fate.IS ?S3 1Mcdonald.-f-Mrs. Clyde McDonald, aged thirty, wife of Mr. T. E. McDonald, manager of the local Western Unionoffice, died at her home on Lillestonavenue at 12:30 o'clock Sundaynight, after a lingering illness ofpulmonary tuberculosis. Mrs. McDonald had been in declining healthfor a year or more, and the rapid inroads made on her system by the insidious disease brought her so closeto the brink of the other world attimes that it was thought her holdon life had slipped away.Mrs. McDonald was the daughterof Mrs. D. W. Cayler, of Clinton.Ky., where she spent the youngyears of her life, and where she wasmarried to Mr. McDonald. She wasAT THEOLD PRICEStArk Laundry Soap a3 bars for 1UCClean Easy Soap eper bar, 3CBest Double Dip Matches rper box )CBest Flour 7 aaper 100 pounds p.UUBest Flour do rnper 48 pounds $JOUBest Flour di nrper 24 pounds plDa member of the Clinton Baptistchurch, and a young woman of lovelycharacter, who bore her long suffering with fortitude born of Christian,resignation.She is survived by her husband,Mr. T. E. McDonald, one son, JohnD. McDonald, one daughter, GlendaMcDonald, of Paris; her mother,Mrs. Cayler, and three sisters, one ofwhom, Miss Grace Cayler, has been inthe Massie Memorial Hospital, in thiscity, for several weeks, following asurgical operation.A short service was held at thehome on Lilleston avenue at 1:30o'clock yesterday afternoon, conducted by Rev. W. O. Sadler, after whichthe body was taken to Clinton, Ky.,her old home. Funeral services willbe conducted at the Baptist church,in Clinton this afternoon, and theburial will follow in the Clintoncemetery.The death of this young woman isa peculiarly sad one under the circumstances, and the sympathy of thepeople of this community goes out tothe bereaved husband and children,who have lost a faithful friend.NEAL.A telegram received in Paris,Sunday, by Miss Mayme Neal, announced the death in Chicago of hebrother, Mr. William ("Bailie";Neal, formerly of Paris, who hadbeen a resident of Chicago abouteight years.Mr. Neal had been very ill forseveral months, from a complicationof diseases. At times he appearedto be on the road to recovery, butrelapses would set in, death finallywinning the grim struggle for mastery. During his illness his motherMrs. Julia Neal, was with him agreat part of the time, and was athis bedside when the end came.Mr. Neal was the only son of thelate Mr. William Neal and Mrs. JulUNeal, his father having died manyyears ago. He was born in Paris,where he received his- education inthe city schools. He became identified with various business concern-oin Paris, where he remained untilabout eight years ago, when he leftParis to locate in Chicago. In thepast three or four years Mr. Nealhad become an expert electrician andbefore his illness had been connectedwith the Westinghouse ElectricalCo., and with the Thompson-HoustonElectrical Co., in their big plantsin Chicago.Mr. Neal was a young man possessed of many admirable traits ofcharacter, not the least of which wasloyalty to friends and devotion to hismother and sister. He was wellliked by all who knew him and hiepassing away is a source of genuineregret to a large circle of friends.Mr. Neal is survived by his mother, Mrs. Julia Neal, and his sisterMiss Mayme Neal, both of ParteThe body will be brought to Pari?this morning and taken to the residence of his mother, Mrs. JuliaNeal, at 909 Walker avenue.Funeral services will be conductedat the residence by Rev. George H.Harris, rector of St. Peter's Episcopal church, at five o'clock this afternoon. The burial will follow onthe family lot in the Paris Cemetery.The pall-bearers will be: Chas. Wilmoth, Charles Shea, Clarence K.Thomas, James M. O'Brien, Wm. R.Hukill and Will A. Hill.MATRIMONIAL.County Clerk Pearce Paton issued a marriage license Saturday toMr. James F. Cummins and MissGertrude Lee Barnhill, both of Bourbon county.,FOSTER VALLANDINGHAM.Miss Mabel Foster, youngestdaughter of Dr. and Mrs. W. E. Foster, of Owenton, and Mr. J. GibsonVallandingham, son of Mr. T. T. Vallandingham, also of Owenton, wereunited in marriage at the home ofthe bride's parents, in Owenton, lastweek. The ceremony was witnessedby only the relatives and a few intimate friends.The bride is a sister of Dr. H. E.Foster, of Paris, at whose home shehas frequently visited. The groom isengaged in the tobacco business atSalem-Winston, N. C, which will betheir home after their return from abridal trip to points in Wisconsin.VjEATCH TAYLOR.Relatives and friends in Parishave received cards announcing therecent marriage in New Orleans ofMiss Musette Veatch, of Lexington,to Mr. George Taylor, of Maysville.The bride is a popular young woman, well known here, where shehas often been a guest of her unsle, Mr. J. J. Veatch, District Manager of the Central Home TelephoneCompany, and Mrs. Veatch. She isa remarkably attractive young woman, whose affable manners and winning ways made her hosts of friendswherever she was a visitor. Mr.Taylor is traveling salesman for theR. J. Reynolds Tobacco Co., and amost capable young business man.Mr. and Mrs. Taylor will arrivein Paris this week for a visit to Mr.and Mrs. Veatch, while on theirhoneymoon trip to Northern points.On their return they will be at hometo their friends in Louisville, whereMr. Taylor has his headquarters. .fe fe SaBIRTHS.In this city to the wife of Mr.Thos. M. Homback, of Vine street, ason. The-mother was formerly MissLutie Ockerman, of Nicholas county.S s &CHAUTAUQUA CLOSES.The Paris Chautauqua closed Saturday night with a concert by Castelucci's Boston Marine Band, whichrendered a pleasing program of popular and classical selections. Theprogram was also given at the afternoon performance, both concertsbeing enjoyed by lage audiences.The White & Myers system closeda contract for next season's Chautauqua for Paris, through their representative in charge of last week'sprogram.i"'I"I"H"I'4ii4i4"I'4"i"l"I"Hli"l"i"l"'l"I"I'RELIGIOUS.It Pays to Dtal At TheBusyBeeCashStore4Buy an Edison!Get the Best There'sOnly One !.nt 1 tWmi lmmw01 IIIl IIIThe New Edison gets and givesall the artist rendered just asthe artist gave it."There's only ONE best; thatONE is the Edison." (Harger&Blish.)Overtone, in music, is comparable with seasoning in food; Edison alone gives all the overtones:the seasoning.OBERDORFERSalt Aftntvfar ftaurban CauntyCJmly-lm) .THOMPSON.The funeral of Mrs. Lutie FowlerThompson, aged fifty-five, wife of Mr.Steele Thompson, of Lexington, whodied at her home, 136 West Mairstreet, in Lexington, Saturday night,will be held in the Paris Cemeteryat 10:45 o'clock this (Tuesday)morning. The funeral cortege in automobiles will arrive at the ParisCemetery about 10:45 o'clock.Funeral services preceding the arrival of the funeral party at Paris,will be held at the home -of he-mother, Mrs. Moses Fowler, 632 WestShort street, in Lexington, conducced by Rev. J. W. Porter, of the FirstBaptist church, in Lexington. Thepall-bearers will be A. A. Warner,Frank Brandt, Dr. L. C. Markham.Andrew Bowman, Jos. Thompson andCharles Fowler.Mrs. Thompson was Miss LutieFowler, daughter of the late Mr.Moses Fowler, for many years amerchant in Paris, operating a grocery in the building on Main streetnow occupied by The Busy Bee Stor.Mr. Fowler and family resided onVine street for many yeais, andmoved to the old building at the corner of Main and Eighth streets, nowoccupied by the Robneel Flats, wherethey resided until moving to Lexington. Mrs. Thompson and her husbandfor several years operated a poultryfarm on the Elmendorf farm of theJ. B. Haggin estate. They cameback to Lexington a few years ago,where they opened and successfullyconducted the Woman s Exchange,on Main street.Mrs. Thompson will be remembered by Paris people as a young woman of sunny disposition and refinement, whose presence in any circlemeant the bringing of good cheer andjollity therein. She was a social favorite here in her girlhood and wasalways ready to do an act of kindness for any one who stood in needof such ministrations.Mrs. Thompson is survived by hermother, Mrs. Georgianna Fowler, ofLexington, three sisters, Mrs. EddieFowler Newhall, of Lexington, Mrs.Wm. Schrote, of Paris, Mrs. W. IT.Cooke, of" Hazard, nd one 'brother,;Mr. Charles Powler, of Lexington.The ladies of the Methodistchurch will occupy the Red Crosssewing rooms at the corner of Mainand Third streets to-morrow, for anall-day sewing for Red Cross supplies. tThe July meeting of the W. CT. U. was held at the home of MrsW.illiam Myall yesterday afternoon.Arrangements were made at thismeeting for the making of comfortbags for the soldiers.The Mission Circle of the Christian church will meet at threeo'clock, this afternoon with Mrs. W.V. Shaw 'at the parsonage, corner ofMain and Tenth. The Woman's Society of the church will have the oniymeeting of this month in the church.parlors at 2:30 this afternoon.The meeting which has been inprogress at the Spears Mill Baptistchurch for the past two weeks conducted by Rev. Ernest Mangum, thepastor, and C. E. Summers, of Georgetown, closed Sunday night, with a total of twenty-four additions. A largenumber of the converts were baptized in Stoner Creek near Shakespeare,Sunday, and others will receive thebaptismal rite next Thursday. Thesinging during the meeting was excellent, and the sermons very inn;; unexcelled.pYour Physicianwill tell you that ourPrescription Service isEvery prescription isdouble checked and iscompounded by a registered pharmacistwhose ability can bedepended upon at alltimes.We know you willappreciate this kindof service and we wanta chance to de:IMPROVEDMccormickBINDERTHE GRAIN GROWERwill find the McCormick Improved Binder a machine that is simple in construction, easy to operateand that will f uccessf ully harvest grain under everycondition, whether it be short or tall, even, tangledor full of undergrowth.iThe large number of McCormickBinders in use all over the worldis a sure sign of satisfaction.ion-tlia strate it to you.Brooks & SnappDrug CompanyThe PENSLAR StoreBe On the Safe SideBuy a McCormick!'1.2. Ball GarageCor. Fourth and Pleasant St. .:ttGreat Bargains:AUTO AND BUGGY COME IN COLLISION. tSaturday afternoon, while thecrowd on the streets was the thickestand traffic almost congested, threyautos coming from different directions, and a horse and buggy met atthe corner of Main and Eighthstreets. The buggy was crushed bythe collision, but the occupants, aman, woman and child, whose nameswere not ascertained, escaped injuryOne of the machines had the fenders badly bent and a headlight broken. The other two escaped injury.The three machines came to a pointat exactly the same moment in trying to avoid striking the horse andbuggy, whose driver seemed dazed,but one of them struck the vehicle:smashing the front and hina wheelson one side.The accident occurred at a timewhen street traffic was very heavy, jTravel was delayed until the wreckedbuggy and the autos were entangledand taken away.' !?aDuring the Civil War the "Squirrel Shooters" played quite an activepart, but Doug Thomas has startedout to see that they don't operateduring the present struggle.riS&IN V s-i-s ii7nmcrT?? U VI J.'jJ SUMSlllri. l.jy?; " 1 s-i-ihi Men's, Ladies'Boys' and GirlsFootwear !SHOESWe Bought Too HeavyUnseasonable weatherleaves us with an enormousstock of Summer Footwear.Prices - Cut Deep !Offering in the beginning of the season greatbargains in high grade footwear. If you needshoes now, or will need them in the future, nowis the time to buy. Visit our store, compare thequality and prices, and you will surely appreciatethe wonderful bargains.OXFORDS:mANNOUNCEMENTSFO3, COUNCILMAN.We are authorized to announceTHOS. G. MORRIS as a candidate forthe Democratic nomination for Councilman from the First Ward, subjectto the . action of the Democraticparty at the State primary election.Saturday, August 4, 1917.We are authorized to announceFRANK BURTON as a candidate forthe Democratic nomination for Councilman-from the Second, Ward of theCity of Parish subject iothe action oftb.e Democratic voters at the Stateprimary electionSa.turday, August 4,iwCy - .- 'Ladies' White Kid or Rich BrownRuss. Tan BootsLadies' Gray and White Kid Ka-tinka PumpsLadies' White Canv. Sea IslandBoots and PumpsLadies' Canvas Strap Pumpsat .........Ladies' Kid Lace Boots and Pumpswhich add grace to your foot. . .Ladies' Pat. Dull KidBoots and Pumps atLadies' Pat. and Gun Metal Shoesand Pumps at$4.953.451.991.491.992.491.99Men's Russian Tan Fhgli'm M - SShoes and Oxfords, W.i0...$4.00 Up JMen's Plat. Calf Eng. ? hd MediumToe Shoes and Oxf c r dag W.-O.... $3.50Men's G. M.and Tan 5 ho :s and Oxfords, Walk-Over and Beacon. . .Men.s Gun Metal, Button andand Lace, weltsMen's Tan and Gun Metal Oxfordsat.. '.,..Men's Gun Metal High Shoes andOxfords :3.492.992.491.99Boys', Misses' and Children's Shoes and Slippers AtGreat Bargain Prices.DAN COHENParisQreatest Shoe StoreWhere Beauty and Economy Reign- w' -11"SUXi-r-rf"i,r:tW'"t1?,JfMT,-'1i i