i'$. "' ""V' H -- -yfti,' t ft-r -? fSvfisw- " ;- ,... ' si43It? V-W. -&j. . i , rr i -- uA,THE.NEWS.. i&1PUBLISHED EVERY TUESDAY AttD FRIDAY IN THE YEAR,SVOLUME XXXVI aPARIS, BOURBON COUNTY, KENTUCKY, TUESDAY, AUGUST 21, 1917j V ''r fV- ,. jar.v.BOURBONSECOND DRAFT CALL OF 150MEN FOR BOURBON.The first call of drafted men fromParis and Bourbon county havingtailed to fill out the quota, owing tonumerous exemptions, a second callfor 150 young men has been issuedhy the Board of Exemption.The first third of these 150 men,whose names and numbers are givenin the list below, have been notifiedto appear in person before the Boardto-morrow morning at eight o'clock.The second third will appear onThursday, and the last fifty on Friday morning.William Small, one of the men exempted, reappeared before the Board,Friday, and withdrew his claim,stating that he wanted to serve hiscountry in any way possible. Small'sname was added to the "roll of honor," making the . forty-fifth man.from old Bourbon who was willing tomake the great sacrifice.The Board exempted a total ofninety-one men, whose claims will bepassed up to the District Board atLexington for final review.The following is a complete list ofthe 150 men "who are to be examinedin the second call before the Boardthis week:IMPORTANT RED CROSS CONFER- FORMER PARISIAN FIGURES IN RECRUITING OFFICERS ADMIRESENCE AT LEXINGTON. , WILD WEST HOLD-UP. j BOURBON' COUNTY HUSKY.A large number, of delegates rep- Mr. James B. Fee, son of Mr. and There was a look of genuine adreesnting the Bourbon Chapter of the Mrs. Gus Fee, of Paris, who has been miration in the eyes of Chief GunAmerican Red Cross Society will go residing on a big fruit ranche near ner's Mate Mannegold, when Kenneyto Lexington to-morrow to attend the Merriam, Kansas, for several years, Kiser, of Bourbon county, took hisfirst State Convention of the Red figured recently in a genuine Wild six-feet-four and 200 pounds of mus7Cross ever held in ths history of that West "hold-up" in the Ozark Moun- cle and bone into the navy recruitingorganization. The conference will tains, according to letter to friends station in Lexington, Saturday, andbe attended by a large number of and relatives in Paris. proudly announced that he wantedcelebrities of National renown. The Mr. Fee and a number vof compan- to help defeat the Germans and theconference will begin at the Phoenix ions had been on a camping trip in Kaiser across the big pond.Hotel on Wednesday morning at the Ozark Mountain region. After After Chief Gunner's Mate Manneeleven o'clock, and will continue over breaking camp they stopped en route gold had climed up on a high chairThursday. ! to Merriam and took in two young and made an examination of Mr.The heads and officers of several lady friends, daughters of neighbors, Kiser's eyes, ears, etc., he pronouncedof the thirteen divisions into which who had been visiting near their him" a perfect specimen physicallythe entire country is divided will be camp. As the party was coming and in every other way and put himpresent, also a number of prominent ' through a wild section of the country on the waiting list,workers from New York and Chicago, -in their automobile two "stick-up ar- Mr. Kiser is a son of Mr. and Mrs.Among these will be Mrs. Belmont ' tists" suddenly appeared from behind Walker Kiser, of near Paris, from aTiffany, of New York; James R.Garfield, of New York, son of the former President of the United States;James G. Blaine, Jr., of Washington,National Assistant Director of Chapters; M. M. Thatcher, former President of the Canal Zone; H. J. Hill, ofWashington, Director' of Membershiphuge boulders at the side of the road, neighborhood where they raise realand covering the party with their menrifles, made them shell out their fe fe apossessions in true Wild West style. Bft CROWD SEES PARADE ATThey took all the money, jewelry, LEXINGTON.arms and food the party possessedand made them proceed on their way. An audience estimated to be closeThe hold-up men disappeared. Mr. to 20,000 persons from all parts ofFee and party proceeded to the near- the State witnessed the final paradeLIST AUG. 22.(279)(280)(281)(282)(283)(284)(285)Extension, and a large number of division officials. All those named will i est ranche house, where their most of the 4,000 troops of the three Ken-pressing wants were relieved and they tucky National Guard regiments atwere enabled to return to the Mer- Camp Stanley, near Lexington, Sun-riam ranche. Mr. Fee said it was day afternoon,the most dramatic moment of his Gov. Stanley reviewed the troopsdeliver addresses at the meeting.Q IS(288)(289)(290)(291)292)(293)(294)(295)(297)(29$299)(300)301)(302)(303)(304)(287)307)(308)(309)(310)(311)(312)(313)(314)(315)(316)(317)(318)(319)(320)t322)(323)1474 Watt Green, Paris, Ky.1414 Ed. McCarthy, Shaw-han, Ky.292 Young Hays Harrison,Main Street, Paris, Ky.822 James Elgin Williams,Paris, Ky., R. F. D. 3.504 Jeff H. Smith, 321,Eighth Street, Paris, Ky.1064 Oakley Slade, Auster-terlitz, Ky.1205 Marshall Edward Revell. Paris, Ky.(286) 1510 Elmer Shumate, Paris,Ky.(287) -091 William Hogue, Jr., 104Fourteenth Street, Paris,Ky.470 Chas. Webster Harp,320 Eighth St., Paris,Ky.312 Raymond White Ogden, Y. M. C. A., Paris,-1507 William Shaw, Paris,Ky.1284 Arthur Morton Mc-Clain, Paris, Ky., R. F."D. 7.90 William I. James, Par-rish, Ave., Paris, Ky.191 James Ayers, 221Brooks, Paris, Ky.477 John O. Kellis, Lyles-ville. Paris, Ky.1187 Henry Jackson, Paris,Kv.(296 1179 Elmer Bruce Gross,Paris, Ky.753 Henry Edward Tucker,Sharpsburk, Ky.130 Walter L. McPherson,Harmon, St., Paris, Ky.858 Sam Clay Foster,Paris, Ky., R. F. D. 2.168 A. J. Sons, 109 TenthStreet, Paris, Ky.1023 Robert Clinton Finnell,Hutchison, Ky. R. F. D.424 Jplius Talbott, 518Paton, Paris, Ky.840 Jesse Herman Cooper,North Middletown, Ky.1347 David Patrick, Paris,Kv.(305) 1511 Frank Screetch, Paris,Kv.. R. F. D. 2.1091 Wm. Hogue, Jr., 104Paris, Ky.657 Ira Thomas Wagoner,Paris, Ky., F. F. D. 3.175 Garrett D. Stamper,Nineteenth St., Paris,Ky.300 Omer Mers, Tenth andMain, Paris, Ky.278 Albert Cabbie Finney,Seventh and Main,Paris, Ky.240 Wm. Wattie Dotson,Paris, Ky., R. F. D. 7.524 George E. Baker, Millersburg, Ky.911 Tom Reid, Winchester,Ky., R. F. D. 1.1172 Jas. Franklin Cummins,, Paris, Ky., R. F.D. 8.532 Jas. Leslie Brown,Paris, Ky. R. F. D. 4.1517 Jesse Wise, Paris, Ky.,R. F. D. 6.-i too .Wills Tacoby. Pans,Ky., R. F. D. 8.1214 H. Hank Taylor,Paris, Ky.336 John Breckinridge Ar-dery, 317 Seventh St.,Paris, Ky.212 H. Meade Hamilton,225 Mt. Airy, Paris, Ky.(321) 1357 Milford Williams, Paris, Ky.49 Benton R. cooper,Winchester St., Paris,Ky.8 John F. Davis, Vinestreet. Paris. Ky.(324) '1160 Shelby Taylor White,Hutchison, Ky., R. F.D. 1. .(325) 1192 Curn Lyons, Paris,Ky.(326) 305 Barney McHargue.High Street, Paris, Ky.(327 1143 Gilbert Martin, Hutchison, Ky.557 Rufus Johnson, Minersburg, Ky.LIST AUG. 23.SUPERINTENDENT'S REPORT.life when he looked into the muzzles from a stand by the side of the paradeA total of 3,674 pupils of school of those rifles and knew what the grounds, and Brigadier-General Rogparty was up against. , er D. Williams and Adjutant-Gen-JSJ eral J. Tandy Ellis, were also in theTHE THIRTY THOUSAND CAM- stand. All three officials expressedMATERIAL WANTED FORCROSS WORK.REDage in the county, enrolled in theschools, public and private, with anaverage attendance of 1,451 for theyear, is shown in the annual reportof Miss Mabel Robbins, County Superintendent of Schools of Bourboncounty. The report is for the yearending June 30, 1917, and has beencompiled ready for submitting to theState Superintendent of Public Instruction. The report shows that there are662 children of school age in thecounty who are not attending anyschool; that there is a total of 48 enrolled who are above the age oftwenty and below six, and that thereare 1,787 children between the agesof seven and fourteen enrolled. The'report contains a large number ofitems, some of the leading ones being as follows:School census in sub-districtswhite, 2,225; colored, 1,211; total,3,436. Public school enrollment,white, 1,599; colored, 762; total,2,361. Average daily attendance,white, 831; colored, 505; total, 1,412,Average cost of teaching per childenrolled, $10.15. Average cost ofteaching per child average attendance, $16.58. Number of teachers insub-district schools during the year,including Graded School, white, 41;colored, 20; total, 61. Averagemonthly salary of teachers, $48.17.Based on the census the averagecost of teaching each child was $6.75.On the basis of enrollment the costwas $10.15, and the cost was $16.58per child based on the average attendance.. This is said to be as lowas any county in the state.themselves as being well satisfiedwith the training and condition ofthe battalion.t3 E3 E3SELECT YOUR FALL SUITS NOW.PAIGN.The campaign for $30,000 forscjiool equipment for Kentucky's 30,000 illiterate soldiers is still inprogress in a few counties, and theresults cannot be determined untilall have finished and reported. TheNinth Congressional District, ofwhich J. W. M. Stewart, of Ashland,is commander, is in the lead, havingturned in $1,650 on its apportionment. Mason, Boyd, Carroll andMarion are counties that have oversubscribed. The largest single contribution, $100, was from Mr. Theo- &$ ENJOYABLE PARTY BREAKSOur stock is complete and it is toyour advantage to choose your clothesnow, not only for the more completeselection afforded, but for the reasonthat clothes are advancing in pricedaily.J. W. DAVIS & CO.si ?sa mdore Ahrens, a Cleveland, Ohio, man,who hase a branch business in Kentucky, Ahrens & Ott, of Louisville.Es T5i E3"THE DESERTED VILLAGE."JParis was almost deserted Sunday.Boating and bathing parties upCAMP.A very enjoyable camping partythat has been enjoying the manypleasures of camp life on beautifulStoner creek, for the past ten days,came to an end yesterday. Those whowere members of the jolly party wereStoner creek, the usual quota of Misses iviargaret xmuui., huc cu-"stay-at-homes,"large numbers going kart, Lexington; Margaret Schwartz,to Boonesboro and several hundred, Elizabeth Toohey, Mary Margaretgoing to see the big military parade Brannon, and Gertrude Terrell, Lexby the soldier boys of the Second and ington; Messrs. Bernard Santen JakeThird regiments at Camp Stanley, Saloshin, Edw. Woods, Geo. Doyle andnear Lexington, gave the town a re- Henry Santen. Mr. and Mrs Johnally deserted appearance. McCarthy chaperoned the party.-3 te 15-WAYNE COTTINGHAM TAKES POSITION WITH LEADER.Mr. Wayne Cottingham, who hasfor some time past been a member ofthe reportorial staff of the Kentuck-ian-Citizen,in this city, has resignedthat place and has gone to Lexington,where he has become a member of theLexington Leader's staff.Mr. Cottingham is one of thebrightest young newspaper men inthe State and the valuable experience he gained in the conduct of theKentucky Kernel, the official organof State University, and his work onLthe Kentuckian-Citizen, will standhim in good stead in the work on adaily paper. We are confident Waynfwill make good, for he has that valuable and indispensible quality in anewspaper man, the ability to gatherS and write news that is news.WE KNOwlJiw-A request has been made by Mrs.William G. McClintock, of Paris,Chairman of the Bourbon County RedCross Chapter, that all women interested in knitting garments for thesoldiers please report to her at once.The local Chapter has been askedto furnish 250 sweaters, 250 scarfsand 250 pairs of wrist warmers, allknitted, for the men who will go tothe army camps soon. The materialfor this work 'will be furnished to thevolunteer workers. It is earnestlyhoped the response will be a generousone.It is also requested that anyonewho can furnish scraps of yarnand wool for the use of "The Snippers," the juvenile auxiliary of theRed Cross workers, will please do soat once, and send the material to theRed Cross sewing rooms at the corner of Main and Third streets. Thesescraps will be made into fracture pillows and other hospital necessities bythe young workers.The following telegram was received here by Mrs. Arthur B. Hancock, Acting Chairman of the RedCross, from Mr. J. J. O'Conner, Director of the Central Division, withheadquarters at Chicago:"Chicago, Illionis, Aug. 15, 1917."Mrs. A. B. Hancock, Chairman,Paris, Ky.:"Red Cross has urgent call fromMajor Grayson Murphy for enormousquantities of knitted woolen articles.Here is a cablegram from MajorMurphy: 'Last winter broke recordfor cold and misery among peoplehere. Inexpressibly dread comingwinter finding us withbut supplies tomeet situation. Urge you on behalfof our soldiers and those of our allieswho will suffer in their frozentrenches and also thousands ofFrench and Balgian refugees and repatriots being returned throughSwitzerland and Fronce. Everyonehere looks to America. Begin shipping at once one million five hundredthousand each of warm knitted woolen articles alreardy requested. Theymust come before cold weather andview of shortage of fuel and otherdiscomforts, they will be of increditable value in both military and civilian work'"We ask your Chapter to furnisha definite number of this requirement. Your allotment is 250 sweaters, 250 mufflers, 250 pairs wristlets,250 pairs socks. Full instructionswill follow in two days. Ask yourmembers to finish all knitting worknow on hand and clear the deck foraction. Want every Chapter to havea chance to do its part in makinggood on this call for help fromFrance."J. J. O'CONNER,"Director Central Division.DOG DAYS PRODUCTIVE: 0FKAJ1TSCRAPS.-It Is Not Too Late 1To Buy Summer Clothes !HoloR. F.(334)(335)(328(329") 1433 Lewellyn Wilson, Cynthiana, Ky., R. F. D. 9.(330) 622 Ora John Hamm, Mil-Jersburg, Ky.(331) 585 Will Wiggins, Paris,Ky., R. F. D. 5.3 32 ) 14 4 Robert Coleman, Paris,(333) 1257 Albert Monroeway, Paris, Ky.,D. 7.1077 Beve Wilson, Austerlitz, Ky.781 George A. Glenn, Paris,Ky.. R. F. D. 3.(336) 1415 Raymond Patton, Shaw"han, Ky.(337) 1035 Kit Harden, Paris, Ky.,R. F. D. 1.(338) 958 Houston Griggs, Paris,Ky.(339) 323 Merrit Jameson, Slicer,1625 Main, Paris, Ky.(340) 1343 Charlie Nichols, Paris,Ky.(341) 1439 Frank Yearsley, Paris,Ky.. It. F. D. 4.g57 Tom Evans, North Middletown, Ky.1401 Henry Lemons, Paris,Ky., R. F. D. 5.1303 Bert Wilson, Paris.Ky.,R. F. D. 7.963 Charlie Howard, Jackson Street, Paris, Ky.43 g John Fred Wood, 607Higgins, Paris, Ky.g7g Ambrose Lee Jones,North Middletown, Ky.1059 Jesse -Wallace Smith,Hutchison, Ky., R. F.T. 1.441 Clarence 'Ayers, HighStreet, Paris, Ky. ,ggO Thos. Josiah Jones,North Middletown, Ky.i(342)(343)(344)(345)(346)(347)(348)(349)(350)3There will be lots of hot weather yet and you willhave plenty of time to wear and feel comfortable in lightweight clothes.Palm Beach SuitsMohairs and Crash Suitsmade skeleton lined and very' light weight trimmingsthroughout. Light weight Underwear in union suits andseparate garments. Silk Shirts and Madras Cloths.STRAW HATSAT HALF PRICESoft brims and plain sailors. Low Cut Oxford Shoes,tans and viei kids and.light weight black calfskins.Everything that you need tofinish out the Summerwhether you spend it at home or away on a vacation.The heat wave of these August"dog days" seem to he productive ofa desire to contribute personally tothe warring element of humanity.This seemed especially so in ParisSaturday and Sunday.Saturday afternoon W. O. Butlerand son, Grover Butler, became .involved in an altercation with Lyt.Lawrence, well-known to Paris people, in which fists, knives and a juffplayed the leading parts. Lawrencewas badly used up in the encounter.He was placed under arrest and takes,to jail.Saturday night two negroes andtwo white boys engaged in a mix-upnear the Grosche Bakery Cos plamt,caused, it was alleged, by the whitboys pushing the negroes from thpavement. One of the white boyinamed Carter, was hit in the mouthwith a pair of brass knucks and rendered unconscious.' The other boy,named Webb, from North Middletown, was cut about the face, neckand shoulders with a knife in thehands of one of the negroes. JesseRobertson, colored, alleged to havedone the cutting, was placed underarrest and jailed by the Paris police.Search is being made by the policefor W. S. Lewis, colored, alleged tohave been the man who used theknucks on the Carter boy. The injured men were removed to theirhomes, where they were given medical attention.Sunday night Bud Henry Johnson,colored, became tired of the monotonyof life in the placid precincts ofBrentsville and proceeded to take afew shots at a "lady friend." None ofthe shots took effect. A telephonecall for the police brought ChiefLink to the scene. Johnson was placed under arrest and jailed on acharge of malicious shooting.Sunday night two well-known youngParis men enlivened the neigh-borhood of the Bourbon Garage &Supply Co. by resorting to the manly sart in settling a matter of personaldifference which arose out of a friendly scuffle. Friends interfered andseparated the combatants before seri- -ousdamage was done.E3 fca a vTHE"BUG" BBAOT) PAEIS GEEETGet our "Bug" Brand Paris Green,60 cents per pound.(21-lt) FARMERS SUPPLY CO.Ta la isPAREWELL SUMMER DANCE -ANNUAL CONFERENCE' OF THEMETHODIST CHURCH.Preparations are rapidly nearingcompletion for the annual conventionof the Kentucky Methodist EpiscopalChurch, South, which will be held atthe First Methodist church, in Lexnigton, beginning September 5.Committees have been appointedfrom each of the four Methodistchurches in Lexington to make arrangements for the entertainment ofthe 200 ministers' and laymen whoare expected to attend.The session will be presided overby Bishop James Atkins, of "Waynes-ville, N. C. Among other prominentMethodists who will be present totake part in the convention areBishop W. A. Chandler, chancellor ofEmory University, Atlanta, Ga., andthe Rev. E. O. Goddard, of San Antonio, Tex., who will speak on churcheducational work and missions. Delegates from practically every city andtown in the State are expected to attend the conference.m 3 feCOSTS YOU NOTHING.Mitchell & BlakemoreStetson Hats Manhattan Shirts Nettleton Shots ZTo inspect the handsome line ofGruen watches to be on display atour store on August 22 and 23.Read the advertisement on page fourof this issue.(17-2t) THE A. J .WINTERS CO.te 11 1QD. A. R. MEETING.Jemima Johnson Chapter, Daughters of the American Revolution, hada pleasant and profitable meeting atthe home of Misses Winnie and LuteWjilliams on Pleasant street, lastweek, it being their last regularmeeting for the season. The Regent,Mrs. Wm. G. Talbott, presided.The members of the Chapter spentan hour in niaking and furnishingsupplies for the Massie MemorialHospital, which were afterward fbrwarded to the institution. At theconclusion of the exercises the Regent, Mrs. Talbott, who was hostessfor the occasion, served ices andcakes to the ladies of the Chapter.The next meeting of the Chapterwill be held on the first Saturday inOctober, when ) delegates will beselected to attend the State Convention of the D. A. R., which is to beheld at Fort Thomas about tnVmfd'dle of October."Farewell, summer, hello, winter,"will soon be the slogan in societyas well as in business circles. Whilethe social calendar has been ratherlight, there have been a few eventsthat have been of a delightful nature.One of these was the annual Augustdance, given some weeks ago.The promotors, Messrs. John M.Stuart and Ireland Davis, are promoting another of these events, whichthey have characterized as a "Farewell Summer Dance." This will bein the big ballroom of the MasonicTemple, in this city, on the eveningof Tuesday, August 21. Music forthe occasion will be furnished by theSmith Saxophone Orchestra. Thiswill be a subscription dance, the proceeds to be devoted to the work of theBourbon County Red Cross.The following young ladies fromout of town will be guests of friendsfor the dance: Miss Ruth Pinnell, ofWinchester, with Miss Agnes Turner;Misses Margaret Burch, of Lexington,and Frances Geisel, Maysville, withMisses Anna and Catherine Wilson;Misses Elizabeth Erdman, of Lexington, Nancy Anderson, of Georgetown,and Juliet Lee Risque, of Midway,with Misses Mary Kenney Webber;Misses Marcella and Arris Chiles, ofMt. Sterling; Miss Mary Sommerville,of Alabama, with Mrs. J. T. Vansant;Misses Lucile Burnaugh and MaryVaughn Tilton, of Carlisle, with Mrs.Curtis Henry; Miss Lucille Morrison,if Huntington, W. Va with Miss LenaJohnson; Miss Thelma Carter; MissRussell Shipp, of Lexington, withMrs. Wm. Talbott."THE LAW OF COMPENSATION"AT OPERA HOUSE AND ALAMO"The Law of Compensation,"which will be seen at the Alamo Theatre to-morrow afternoon and at theParis Grand to-morrow night, withMiss Talmadge as the star, is the latest of the Selznick-Pictures releases.So consistent has been the high gradeof the productions under this bannerthat it is beginning to be recognized as a guarantee of quality. "TheLaw of Compensation" is a worthymember of the family of successwhich includes "The Common Law,""War Brides," "Panthea," "The Argyle Case," and "The Eternal Sin."Like the other Selznick releases, it isby a noted author, Wilson Mizner,who became internationally famousthrough his collaborations with PaulArmstrong, in "Alias Jimmy Valentine" and "The Deep Purple."AUTO SALES.The Lexington Cadillac Coiapamy.r-.porta the sale amd ieliwy -aCl-Viliac Sight Roadster waefeiat to MtWoodford Sptftrg, C Park.im!H4&Ky. ' ,- ...." e v- ii...f -.VxEAGKTWOTHE BOURBON NEWS, PARIS, KY.TUESDAY, AUGUST 21, 1H7IIIH'iThe Bourbon NewsTtrtlkhMl 1SS135 Ytars oftinuout Publicmtion.Con-jririlshed Every Tuesday and Friday.k Year... $2.00 Six Months... $1.00Payable in Advance.WIFT CKAMP, Editor and Owner.Auy erroneous reflection upon thecharacter, standing or reputation ofany person, firm or corporation whichway appear in the columns of THEBOURBON NEWS will be gladiy corrected if brought to attention of theADVERTISING RATESDisplay Advertisements, 1.00 perInch ior first time; 50 cents per incheach subsequent insertion.Reading Notices, 10 cents per lineeach issue; reading notices in blacktype, 20 cents per line, each issue.Cards of thanks, calls on candidates, obituaries and resolutions, andsimilar matter, 10 cents per line.Special rates for large advertisements and yearly contracts.The right of publisher is reservedto decline any advertisement or othermatter, for publication.Announcements for political officesmust invariably be accompanied bythe cash.THE DEMOCRATIC TICKET.Tor State Senator George Hon, ofClark CountyTor Representative C. M. Thomas,of Bourbon County.For SHeriff Will G. McClintock.Por County Clerk Pearce Paton..For County Judge George Batterton. For County Attorney David D.Cline.For County Superintendent of SchoolsJ. B. Caywood.For Jailer Thomas Taul.For Assessor Walter Clark.For Coroner Rudolph Davis, Paris.For Magistrate L. X Fretwell, ParisPrecinct; John N. Shropshire,Centerville Precinct; E. P. Thomasson, Millersburg Precinct; Jno.S. Wiggins, Hutchison Precinct;H. O. Turner, Ruddles Mills Precinct; John S. Talbott, North Middletown Precinct; S. R. Burris, Little Rock Precinct; Lee Stephenson, Clmtonville Precinct.For Mayor E- B. January.For Chief of Police W. Fred Link.For finnnnil-mftTi First Ward JohnMerringer, John Christman andThos. Kiser; Second Ward S. K.Nichols, J. J. Veatch and JohnArkle; Third Ward Geo. Doyle.EDITORIAL MUSINGS.On Getting Paid.It is reported that in a town veryclose to Paris a young man was calledrecently before the draft board forexamination, and as he left his workand faced the members of the boardhe wanted to know who was to payhim for the time he would lose whilehe was in the war. He argued thathe was getting eighteen dollars aweek from the concern for which hewas working, and he understood thatthe army paid but thirty-four dollarsfor four weeks' time."The members of the board informedhim that he would be paid out of thesame fund from which they drewtheir pay, and that the same person who paid them would pay him.And he seemed satisfied until theywent further and explained to himthat not one cent of money is drawnt hy the men who have sacrificed theirtime and energies in conducting theregistration, the examination and theworry attending them.The young man was not selfish,neither was he unpatriotic. He wasjust one of those boys who made themistake early in life of wanting toknow, even before they went to work,how much the job paid. We havethem here in Paris, boys who do notplace a. value upon a trade or knowledge xf a profession, but who canonly see the dollar in it. Any Parisman will tell you that the moment aboy applies for a position in one' brMtti and then asks in the next"How much will it pay?" is not byany means the kind 61 boy that isgoing to make good on the job.The boy who realizes that he mustmake himself worth something is theboy who will surely win out. Andwhen he knows that the more worthhe shows the better will his remuneration, he has learned one of thegreatest secrets of success. He mustlearn, too, that life is full of sacrifices, just' as many boys have learnedor the first time since this war bean. And he must come to know- that while the world may owe everyman a living that living is going toise hard to collect unless sacrificesare made.A Paris doctor told us yesterdaythat a man can't 'get into the army or-the ,navy if he is suffering withexophthalmos or nystagmus, and wefully agreed, that he ought to beieut away from the other fellows iflcjt away from the other fellows ifjrith him.' Using The Papers.What promises to be one of thegreatest, if not the greatest, advertfciiag campaign the world hasjgetHMfw&j is soon to be inaugurated bythe 'dry" forces of this country.They announce that the sum otfpnemillion dollars is to be expended inadvancing the cause of nation-wideprohibition. It is going to be a campaign which will touch every footof territory between the lakes andthe gulfs and all that lies betweenthe-world's two greatest seas.It is of interest to Bourbon countypeople to know that the men back ofthis proposition have carefully studied the hest means of expending onemillion dollars in advertising andthey have decided to put every centof it in the newspapers. They havecarefully considered the lecture platform, and they know that it trovesgood advertising. They have testedthe billboards and the magazines,and they feel sure that thousandsmay be reached through thesesources. They have tried house-to-housesolicitation with only partialsuccess. Now they are going to takethe sum of one million dollars andspend it with the newspapers, declaring that careful study, in factseveral years of careful study, has convinced them that only through thenewspapers can a cause so giganticas they are exploiting hope for success. As a result every newspaper inthis broad land will, no matter whatits editorial sentiment may be, carrythe message of prohibition into thehomes that would not otherwise bereached. The expenditure of this million dollars in newspaper advertisingis going to be watched with interestby Bourbon county people. And wecan safely say that the people inevery other county in all of the fortyeight States of the Union will watchit just as closely for the purpose ofdetermining the real value of newspapers as advertising mediums.Still another thing that convincesus that the world isn't as generous asit used to be is the fact that a Parisgrocer won't let his customers "plug"the watermelons before they pay forthem.E3 E3 TSJAPAN AND AMERICA TO JOINHANDS.A new day among nations in whichJapan and America shall "forget thelittle mole hills that have been exaggerated into mountains to bar our igo'od relations," and "march together, work together, and fight together as comrades," was pledgedin a recent speech by Viscount K.Ishii, ambassador extraordinary andplenipotentiary to the United States.Heading a special mission Viscount Ishii spoke for his governmentat a dinner tendered him. The Viscount was presented by David MeNab, an attorney sent from Washington to arrange the reception of themission and by the' Governor of theState and Mayor of the city.The speaker's stand was dottedwith uniforms. High officers of theAmerican army sat in khaki withMajor General Hisakhi Sugano; naval officers in blue surrounded ViceAdmiral T. Takeshita, the rankingarmy and navy representatives of themission. The State department delegation was headed by BreckinridgeLong, third assistant secretary.?S 3 TSOUR CAUSE FOR WAR."The military masters of Germanydenied us the right to be neutral.They filled our communities with vicious spies and conspirators. Theysought to corrupt our citizens.They sought by violence to destroyour industries and arrest our commerce. They tried to incite Mexicoto take up arms against us and todraw Japan into hostile alliance withher. They impudently denied us theuse of the high seas and repeatedlyexecuted their threat that they wouldsend to their death any of our peoplewho ventured to approach the coastsof Europe. ""This flag under which we servewould have been dishonored had wewithheld our hand" Woodrow Wilson, President of the United States.IS IS laWINNING HER WAY.The first woman of Indian descentto be admitted to practice law beforethe Supreme Court of the UnitedStates is Miss Lyda B. Conley, ofKanas City, Kan. Miss Conley is ofWyandotte blood and attracted muchattention a few years ago when, riflein hand, she prevented the removal ofthe bodies of her ancestors from anold Indian burial ground fronting themain street of Kansas City, Kan. Thematter being taken to the courts, shecarried the litigation to the court oflast resort and was allowed to argueher own case by special permission ofthe justices. She lost, but acquired ataste for the law and applied herselfto study so well that her admissionto practice before the Supreme Courtwas moved by Solicitor General Davis.Her career will be watched withmuch interest by those who admiredher pluck and determination in trying to preserve the old Indian burialground, even .though they realizedthat sooner or later the bodies wouldhave to be removed.S Ml rHSTOMACH AND LIVER TROUBLES.No end of misery and actual suffering is caused by disorders of thestomach and liver, and may be avoided by the use of Chamberlain's Tablets. Give them a trial. They onlycost a quarter.(aug-adv)' One of the principal' ingredients ina good time is you imagination.REAL ESTATE MARKETL00K-i There has been considerable activity in the real estate market in ihiscity, with prospects "of a continuanceof the same for some time to come.Real estate men are optimistic, considering the usual mid-summer dullspell is on.Mr. Harry Marsh has purchased ofMr. B. J. Williams the one-story brickcottage on High street, occupied byMr. Williams and family, for $2,000.Mr. Marsh will ccupy the home.Mrs. Nellie McLaughlin, of thiscity, has purchased and taken possession of a handsome two-story residence at the corner of Sayre Avenueand Bell Court, in Lexington. Having sold her home in this city, Mrs.McLaughlin and her husband, Mr.Thos. McLaughlin, who is a deputysheriff of Fayette county, will occupythe residence as their home.Mr. A. Adami, of the firm of Adami& Santi, of this city, sold to Miller& Lilleston, two modern cottages located at the corner of Nineteenth andBrent streets, in the old Fair GroundsAddition to Paris, at a private price.The property adjoins property recently purchased by Miller & Lilleston.Mr. John F. Young, of the county,purchased of Mr. and Mrs. RichardWills their bungalow located on Cypress street, at a good figure. Mr.and Mrs. Wills will purchase otherresidential property in the city andwill remain in Paris. Mr. Youngsold his farm near Little Rock sometime ago, and will give possessionabout the first of next month.E3 IS ISURGES QUICK ACTION ON APPEALS FOR EXEMPTIONPrompt action by exemption appealboards was urged by Provost MarshalGeneral Crowder, in a telegram tothe Governors, declaring delays wouldmean that men with exemptionclaims undecided would escape theSeptember 5 call to the colors at theexpense of others who have waivedexemption.Every district must furnish 30 percent of its quota on the first call, andunless the claims of all belonging inthis contingent have been decidedmen further down the line making noclaims will have to be moved upinto the vacancies.The Government desires that everyman go as far as possible in hisproper order.Railroad ojcials are preparing affidavits for presentation to Exemption Boards in favor of many of theirvarious employes drafted for armyservice. These releases will be askedfor on the ground that the men arenecessary in transportation movement affecting Government troopsand supplies. These affidavits willbe in addition to the exemptionsclaimed by the men on their own account. p3 fes y-A. ,CAMP SHELBY READY FOR KENTUCKY TROOPS.Three regimental camps at CampShelby, at Hattiesburg, Miss., arecompleted and although no officialword has been received either fromWashington or from General Wood'soffice at Charleston, it is believedtwo regiments of Kentucky infantryand one Indiana regiment will be incamp there within the next week.It is known that the two Kentuckyregiments have been ready to entrainfor the past several days, but havebeen held up because Major WilliamJ. Howard, Camp Quartermaster, refused to pronounce the camp in readniess to receive them. Major Howardwired both Washington and Charleston that Camp Shelby is ready forthe first 6,000.So far as army officers stationedat Hattiesburg can learn no othernational guard camp in the UnitedStates is "ready for troops.g 1 TKJJWISH WE HAD AN ARMY LIKETEDDY!Condemnation of treasonable utterances by street corner orators andcertain American newspapers wasvoiced by Colonel Theodore Rooseveltin a letter written to Police Commissioner Woods, of New York.The former President advocated anearly eradication of the speakers."We are in this war to a finish,"he wrote, "and the man is a traitorto this nation who directly or indirectly upholds Germany or attacksany of our allies1 while the war is on."The newspaper that follows sucha course should be promptly suppressed by the National Governmentand any failure to suppress such anewspaper is a dereliction of duty.""Pa isBRITISH FOREIGN MINISTER ADMIRES "OUR BOYS."British Foreign Minister ArthurJ. Balfour, who recently visited theUnited States at the head of theBritish Mission, wrote the followingletter to American Ambassador Page,at London, after the parade ofAmerican troops there, which was reviewed by King George:"The members of War Cabinet, whohave just witnessed the parade ofthe American troops, desire to express their admiration of the magnificent sight and their deep gratification at this striking symbol ofAmerican power."- is aCHRONIC CONSTIPATION.It is by no means an easy matterto cure this disease, but -it can bedone in most instances by takingChamberlain's Tablets and complyingwith the plain printed directions thataccompany each package.PABITESTIMgyY,Home ProofT Here, There and EYery-When you see Doan's Kidney Pillsrecommended in this paper you mostalways find the recommender a Parisresident. It's the same everywherein 3,800 towns in the U. S. Fortythousand people publicly thank Doan's. What other kidney remedy cangive this proof of merit, honesty andtruth? Home testimony' must betrue or it could not be published here.Read this Paris recommendation.Then insist on having Doan's. Youwill know what you are getting.Phillip M. Heller, proprietor meatmarket, 722 Main St., Paris, says;"I have used Doan's Kidney Pills afew times in the past and have beengreatly benefitted by them. Sometimes my back has been weak andlame and the kidney secretions havepassed too frequently, causing me toget up at night. I have used a boxof Doan's Kidney Pills at these timesand they have always rid me of thecomplaint. I always think that theyare a splendid medicine and gladlyrecommend them."Price 60c, at all dealers. Don'tsimply ask for a kidney remedy getDoan's Kidney Pills the same thatMr. Heller had. Foster-Milburn Co.,Props., Buffalo, N. Y. (adv)?a fe fe"A lazy man ain't likely to behappy," said Uncle Eben. "He gen-erally gits a bad disposition tryin' toscare other people into doin' de,ork."is is is .FREE LIST SUSPENDED; NOTICETO THE PUBLIC.No more free copies of the BOURBON NEWS.No more free copies of the Ken-tuckian-Citizen.No more free copies of the ParisDemocrat.Single copies of paper five centseach.The high cost of all materials thatenter into the production of newspapers compel the publishers as amatter of self-protection and economy to adopt this course.Subscribers who fail to receivetheir paper, and advertisers whosecontracts include the paper, will bepromptly supplied.SWIFT CHAMP,Publisher BOURBON NEWS.BRUCE MILLER,Publisher Kentuckian-Citizen.WM. REMINGTON,Publisher Paris Democrat.July 27, 1917.Paris Home SchoolWill OpenMonday, September 3, 19Mrs. W. A. Harp, Director.Miss E. D. Giltner, Director ofMusic.FOR SALEA good 6-year-old gelding. Gooddriver, perfectly gentle, not afraid ofanything. Will stand without hitching. Can be bought at a bargain.E. M. WHEELER,(22-tf) Eighth and Main, Paris, Ky.Scrap Iron Wanted.1 am paying fifty cents per hundredtor all kinds of scrap iron. Not lessthan 1,000 pounds. This material canbe weighed at any city scales. This 1to be relivered to the cars on the LouIsville & Nashville tracks, oppositthe freight depot.Call us over the Cumberland 'phon347-J.MAX MUNICH,Eighth Street, Paris, Ky.(oct20-lyr)Household Goods ForSale.ON WEDNESDAY, AUG. 22, 1917,at 2 o'clock, p. m., I will sell at public auction at my residence on SouthMain Street, between Twelfth andThirteenth Streets, all myhouseholdand kitchen effects, including a piano,hatrack, pictures, garden utensils,,etc.MRS. W. R. SCOTT.Geo. D. Speakes, Auctioneer.(17-2t)NOTICETOThe Public!Drivers of all vehicles are herebywarned to go slowly over the bridgeover Stoner Creek at the foot of MainStreet, in East Paris. Heavily-loadedwagons and trucks and traction engines are forbidden to cross thisstrupture.By order of the , Bourbon FiscalCpurt. . ' -;BEN. F. BEDFORD,I (l'4-4tfV f County Rpad Engineer.SW8BourbonDWIS & FUNK, Props.Telephone No. 4.VSTr'-H-i.Emffisr-m.'5i5:CvV-::.-s?Bourbon Laundry,Paris Kentucky.SunshinePoursInto Our LivesOver the Wires"With all thechildren married andliving in differentplaces the Bell Telephone is essential tohappiness. We can callof them, day or niht.hear them as well as if"Very often one of the girls calls meby Long Distance and we have a pleasantvisit of five minutes or more. You'd besurprised to know how little it costs ascompared with the joy and satisfaction."When any of the grandchildren sresick and I am called at night, I simplyreach for my extension telephone and talkwithout moving from my bed. Often I cangive advice and direction that saves lots ofworry.Every Bell Telephone isCUMBERLAND TELEPHONEAND TELEGRAPH COMPANY(Incorporated)BOX 122, FRANKFORT, KY.El JSjL IAre YouProsperous ?Are you riding on a prosperity wave? If you are, layaside some of your pro fits now.Deposit your surplus cash inbank.There have been thousandsof new bank accounts opened inthe oast six months.Are you one of the new depositors? See us toaay about yourbanking. We'll be only tooglad. to explain our methods.Farmers' & Traders' BankF. P. KISER. President w. W. MITCHELL, Cashier.WM. GRIMES, Bookkeeper.Sixth and Main Street Paris, Kentucky.For Sale. -One pair of brown" Percheron mares,9 years old sound. Price $400.00.r. T. M. BUQKNER,(17-4tH R. F. D. 2, Paris,, Ky.7Laundry fWest 5 StreetSatisfaction is OurHchwordWith all the latest im-i provements in laundry-r-ss- appliances and expertj? helpers we are preparedT i to do work inferior toj none, and solicit your-5Sj patronage.andthey were right here.a Long Distance StationiiiTo Whom It May Concern.I will not be responsible for any,bills contracted on my account.I A ft- .J TT TTI TTAt'J XTr'VXi-Ol-yU XX. Mi. XIKJXJLUAXMU,mwE&rT Jfcany " 3h8,Irri'A--..,"0"K,rX. KV.J.Vf'1nf'H-'-j1"Vti .Jr.$f" ,1Vft v4lvITUESDAY, AUGUST 21, 1917.THE BtfURBON NEWS, PARIS, KlPAGETKNDImmgMMiLQBBWBKlrt .IbbbbWISNORMA TALMADGE'i1 JiCJBL LAV OF COMPENSATIONI. SELZNICKC&PJCTURES JAlamo Wednesday Afternoon andOpera House Wednesday NightPRINTERS AT WAR TO BE CAREDPOR BY ORDER.Scranton, Pa., was awaided the1918 convention of the InternationalTypographical Union by unanimousvote. Albany, N. Y.f made application for the 1919 convention. Theconvention in session at ColoradoSprings, Colorado, endorsed a plan tocare for members who enlist for thewar through the local unions or by aten cent monthly per capita tax.ta fe feSUMMER COMPLAINT.SOCIAL AND PERSONAL.Comings and Goings of OurPeople Here, There andElsewhere.of a deliciousDuring the hot weather of the summer months some member of almostevery family is likely to be troubledwith an unnatural looseness of thebowels, and it is of the greatest importance that this be treated promptly, which can only be done when themedicine is kept at hand. Mrs. F. F.Scott, Scottsville, N. Y., states, "Ifirst used Chamberlain's Colic andDiarrhoea Remedy as much as fiveyears ago. At that time I had a 'severe attack of summer complaint andwas suffering intense pain. One doserelieved me. Other members of myfamily have since used it with likeresults."" (aug-adv)T3 t3 SuJ NQVEL LAWN SPRAY.&r 'A newly patented device makes itpossible to water a lawh, flowerbed or a mass of shrubbery, and SpTayit with insectide at the same time.The stream of water passes throughan attachment at the mouth of thehose where it picks up a minutequantity of the proper chemical.Not only does this system accomplishtwo operations watering and spraying at one time, but it is also claimed that it is superior to the old method of spraying, because it avoids undue concentration of the chemical inquestion, which was not always thecase when the spray was appliedalonet - "i& ' MM !There is more Catarrh in this section of the country than all otherdiseases put together, and for years itwas supposed to be incurable Doctors prescribed local . remedies, andby constantly failing to cure withlocal treatment, pronounced it incurable. Catarrh is a local disease,greatly influenced by consitutionalconditions and therefore requiringconstitutional treatment. Hall'sCatarrh Medicine, manufacturedby F. J. Cheney & Co., Toledo, O.,is a contitutional remedy, is takeninternally and acts through theblood on the Mucous Surfaces of thesystem. One hundred dollars reward is offered for any case thatHall's Catarrh Medicine fails to cure.Send for circulars and testimonials.F. J. CH32NEY,& CO., Toledo, 0.Sold by Druggists, 75c.Hall's Family Pills for constipation(aug-adv)HEARD AT THE BEANERY.Customer Waiter, is this a lamb.chop?Waiter Can't you tell by thetaste?Customer No.Waiter Then what difference doesis make?MflRGOLEN'SSPECIALSFor This WeekBeefPorkP'wVealLambU ARftffl rsMiss Mary King, of Mt. Sterling,is a guest of Mrs. Kate Bryan.Miss Lyda Turner is visiting hersister, Mrs. Leslie Thurston, in Lexington. Mrs. Ezekiel Arnold has returned from a visit to Mrs. Carrie Buckner, in Winchester.Miss Elizabeth Sehon, of Louisville, is a guest of Mr. and Mrs. Jno.J. Redmon, near Paris.Mr. Charles Adair, of Cincinnati,son of the late Mr. Albert C. Adair, ofParis, is a guest of Paris relatives.Mrs. Joseph Prues and littledaughter, of Newport, are guests ofher father, Mr. E. J. Welsh, in Paris.Mr. Joseph M. Hall underwent asurgical operation, at St. Joseph's Hospital, in Lexington, last week. Mr.Hall is improving nicely.Miss Mabel Adair has returnedto her home in Georgetown, after avisit to her cousin, Miss FlorenceAdair Hedges, near Paris.Mr. C. O. Hinton is rapidly recovering from the effects of an operation performed some weeks ago in St.Joseph's Hospital, in Louisville.Mr. N. Ford Brent, who has beenvery ill, and under the 'care Of atrained nurse, at his home on Pleasant street, is slightly improved.Mr. Roy F. Clendenin was inMaysville and Mason county severaldays last week in the interest of theinsuiance business he represents.Mrs. Mary Wirth and son Mr.Louis Wirth, have returned to theirhome in Louisville, after a visit toMr. and Mrs. John Christman, Sr.Mrs. Edward L. Rule and daughter have returned for a visit to hermother, Mrs. Kate Snodgrass, andother relatives in Harrison county.Mr. D. B. Smarte has returned tohis home near Paris from the MassieMemorial Hospital, where he was operated on for appendicitis some timeago.Misses Anna Louise White, ofParis, and guest, Miss Anna BelleI Hall, of Maysville, attended the dancegiven by the young men of Mt. Sterling. Mrs. James E. McClelland anddaughter, Miss Martha, have returned to their home in Cynthiana, aftera visit to Mr. and Mrs. Louis Mussinon. Miss Mary Frances Fisher, ofCarlisle, is visiting -her aunt, Mrs.Mayme -Remington Parfish, -and uncles, Messrs. William and Frank Remington. Miss Georgia Christman is hostess at her home on Twentieth streetto Misses Stella Lausman, of Danville, and Esther Christman, of Har-rodsburg.Mrs. Luther Black has concludeda very pleasant visit to her sister,Mrs. Harry Stamler, on South Mainstreet, and has returned to her homein Shelbyville.Mr. Herman Atlas, who has beenat Ft. Bepjamin Harrison, nearIndianapolis, for several weeks; hasreturned to Paris to await the secondcall for recurits in the officers training class.Mr. and Mrs. Harry Simon returned Friday night from New York,where they have been visiting thewholesale houses in search of novelties for fall and winter.Mrs. A. R. Toph entertained ather home on Ashland avenue, in Lexington, Friday evening, in honor ofMisses Elizabeth Brown, of Paris, andAmelia VanMeter, of Winchester.Mr. Ray Galbraith arrived Saturday morning from Mlddletown, O.,for a visit to friends and relatives.Mr. Galbraith vrds, formerly in theemploy of Mr. Charles B. Mitchell, inParis.Mr. J. J. Tucker, local Superintendent of the Metropolitan Life Insurance Company, returned yesterdayfrom Indianapolis, where he attendeda meeting of the Superintendent'sAssociation of the Compnay.-Rfiv. and Mrs. W. N. Briney andthree sons, who have been guests ofSquire John N. Shropshire, near Centerville, have returned to Louisville,where Rev. Briney is pastor of theBroadway Christian church.Mrs. Charles P. Mann ana uuIna Mattox are guests of Mrs. Mann'sdaughter, Mrs. Howard B. Carr, andMr. Carr, at Harlan, Ky. Mrs. Mann,who has been ill since her arrival aHarlan, is greatly improved.Lieut.bHughrCampbell,whcr hasi t ntm4no at tTiA nfflr.ArsvRe- .vUtJtJil LLL Hmn& v ,- , 3Mserve Camp at Vt. venj. natyawu, ( jTnJ)nonnlta laTiprp'tO VlSlt UiS- tmother. Mrs. J. H. Campbell, beforeleaving for the jcantonment camp atLouisville. -' 4 -Mrs. Jphn J-Shaw, aformer resident of Paris, nowjivhigcin,.0klaTintna. is a sruesY-of Judge:andfMrsiE.B. Januaryat theiromiLOiuHisgiiis:avenue. Mrs. snaw i w r -Mr.John J. Shaw, who was for yearsin the stove and tinware business inParis. . . " -Dr. s. w, Longan, who has beena guest of-Mr. and Mrs, Chas. B.Michell and Mr. and Mrs. Ollie C.tfpdees. in Taxis, has returned to hishome in Kansas City, Mo. Dr. Longan is a successful osteopath, who resided in Paris several years ago. Heand Mrs. Longan are well remembered here.'i-rAhout forty ladies were guestsFriday afternoon of Mrs. W. K. GriffinUAerAomeoiless, street atcards';- The htertahH)tent wsgivenn honor of the hostess's attractivethe guests partookluncheon. 'Mrs. Homer Kiser, of Cypressstreet, has as gUest Mrs. Walter McKinney, of Richmond.Miss Eva Cromwell, of LosAngeles, California, is a guest ofher sister, Mrs. Susan Meglone.Miss Elizabeth Clarke, daughterof Mr. Charles Clarke, of Louisville,formerly of Paris, is a guest of heraunt, Misselle Ogden.Mrs. Edward Thomason anddaughters, Misses Izma and Catherine, have returned from a visit toMr. Jos. Thomason, in Detroit, Mich.Mr. Ed. Burris, of Little Rock,has rented the residence of Mrs.Alice Ware, on Cypress street, andwill move to Paris on October 1 toreside.(Other Personals on Page 5.)J?a te ?sHOW TO ADDRESS MAIL TO MEN.1IN NAVY.BOURBON FARMING CONDITIONS.Crop conditions in this county remain practically unchanged since lastweek and rain is badly needed. Cornespecially is needing a good hard rainto make the crop the largest raisedin this county for several yea"rs.Tobacco topping is still in progressand it is thought this crop will beready for cutting at the usual time.Buyers are offering fifteen cents perpound for the new crop, but notmeeting with a ready response.Wheat threshing is over. The market has dropped to a low point, taking with it the price of flour. Cornmeal has also dropped five cents inprice on the peck. Vegetables areplentiful and are selling at very reasonable prices.In compliance with the Governmentcall for the conservation of food, thehousekeepers are busy canning, drying and preserving, and are just asmuch interested in this department ofthe war as the "men behind the gun"or in the training camps. The canning clubs which were organizedearly in the season are doing excellent work under the direction of MissMary Fithian Hutchraft, local agentfor the government work in this section. Tgmatogs are coming in in largequantities and will P canned in almost every homesThe livestock market was unusually active last week, several largeloads of lambs and cattle being shipped to the Eastern markets. Agentsfor Swift & Co., the Chicago packers,have been in the county and have secured several good shipments of finecattle for the choice markets of theEast. .IS teOver 40,000 people in England andWales die each year 'from cancer, thedeath roll of that disease being greater than that of consumption.fe id teIt is easy to be popular if "youdon't care what you say.Hundreds of letters addressed tomen on board ships of the UnitedStates Navy go astray, for lack ofproper information on the part ofsenders on the right way to addressthem.All mail to bluejackets at seashould be addressed, first of all, ina legible hand writing; next of importance is to know positively onwhich ship the man is or was stationed, says an official announcement.A letter to John Avery Smith onboard the U S. South Carolina,should be addressed as follows:John Avery Smith,TJ. S. S. South Carolina,c. o. Postmaster,New York City, N. Y.If a correspondent does not knowto which ship a man has been assigned, write to the Bureau of Navigation,ton, givingaddressbranched. Therein the Navy, first the Regular Navy,rs&,XToHnTinl Vnliintooro' Prkil'rf'h Tio-.U...VUU.i. wwv-v,., .v,..v., " , ,National Naval Reserve Force, andfifth, the Naval Reserve Flying Corps.IMcCORMICKMOWERSHave Stood The Testc1Navy Department, Washing- &5-:&his name m tun, home .'.WC'to, place of enlistment and the jVftof service in which he enlist- &'; AMM )WMM RSmFnfr Sk2Z&8$&are five separate branches' gg&vrf;si fi 'KMKsgiI&4 fwwinMmmg&mMB msmmmiMMimSpecialCut Prices!To close out ourentire stock ofChinawareGlasswarer VTM'. 1 -meware,3 C.3 eJlandr.uranBusyBeeCashStore"The Store For Daily Bargains"Get aAnd You'llMcCormickHave The BestWE HAVE A LARGE STtiCK-YJySiHB'Cor. Fourth and Pleasant St&.rlf.IH 1 1 MI 111 11 1 1 T "TT-f-T T iff 4.i..M"M.fr,H"H..M"H. tl tf HiWiiKl'lllf !IE. M.fit: i: -' ' -"-V- - i J:: JEsEyylsr'" ft 1 Ifwl7 lkI .N :,WHEELERSSpecialNOWCash0 i : s fluGOINGONItSalei3-Burner, $19.00i?IBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBHbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbIBBBBBBBnlBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBlbabbbbnbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbtbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbI''bbbbbbnbbbbbbbbbbabbbbbbbbhbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbm'bbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbIbbbbYbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbIbbbbI4 bbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbI$4,00 BossOyenAir p4KflilniLrc3 Xm,: vU IfflWmWI w iiMififiigTnTTT npfli sr sbw5 i swI o-3otB 1, f el -In '.TVBrl 'nrlIJ I 1 M&i dP"" 'IPlK L25 PER CENT. OFFALL SUMMER GOODSSuch as Refrigerators, Ice BoxesPorch Furniture,6il StovesfOvensPorch Rugs, 6x9Rattinnia $6-009x12 Brussels Rugs $15.00 up to $22-009x12 Axminster Rugs $32.00 up to $45.00Bedroom Suits 20 per cent off $25.00 up to $100.00Genuine Quartered Sawed Oak $100.00 CircassianWalnut Suit $8p.KlRed Gum Suit $60.00Imitation Quartered Suit, Oak ". . .- .'$25.00Dining Room Furniture 20 PerCent. Off.1 54-incb Top Table, Oak ' .' $35.00l:60-inch Buffet, Oafc?.v.t $4tp0Xg,hina0(JJosetOak,na mirrors 5in back $4M01 Fumed Oak Pedestal Table, 45-inch top $28.00,1 Fumed' Oak60-Jnch Buffet $27.50SeplffeVtt:I Fumed Aakt China-Closet. . . ?;. . . .1V . -. $2?0We have Chairs to match in . Fumed Qak at $2.75.THIS IS-ALL QUEEN ANNE STYLE.1 BBBuhBuTcZBBBJu U BllBBHiil I BBBbhhj 1 b3I9GIBBBbbi 1 1 tBBsBBBi 5 t '20ZxiaitE3t'MitGIBSONREFRIGERATORS$9.35Come At Once and Get FirstrjoT"!Picktm9mmmaaMMaaMmmmaWaammammMmam'9aamUmmm'M WHFFI FREittth and Main Sts.DriJ!SP?22-in. Post, $3.00nm.A:tiMsaf7mm wjBBgfeftgSMffsSSfr fcUttf K?Earlington, uujrcu.cTxccriiuiniiiiiiiimtiTTra"i""""",,,,,lllMMvMMIIIl ' liiiiM iof Harrodsburg. After the . game- w -v. "r AGE FOUfcTHE BOURBON NEWS, PARIS, KY.TUESDAY, AUGUST 21, 1317-rfThe Bourbon NewsEstablished 188136 Years of ConUnions Publication.Bublished Every Tuesday and Friday.Per Year. ..$2.00 Six Months... $1.00Payable in Advance.tWIFT CHAMP, Editor and Owner.(Entered at the Paris, Kentucky,Postoffice as Mail Matter of theSecond Class.)DEATHS.STRUBY.Miss Louise Struby, aged sixtyfive, a sister of Dr. "W. C. Struby, formerly of Paris, died Friday at herhome in St. Petersburg, Florida. MissStruby had been visiting at the homeof her sister, Mrs. Lew Brown, in St.Petersburg. The funeral was held inLouisville yesterday morning at teno'clock, at the home of her brother,Dr. Albert Struby, the burial following in Cave Hill Cemetery.THE GAUTH FUND.CHILDERS.Mr. R. A. Chiders, formerly ofParis, where he was for several yearsengaged in the house-moving business, died Saturday morning at teno'clock at his home in ArlingtonHeights near Cincinnati, of heart disease. He is survived by his daughter,Mrs. George Edmonson.The body will be taken to Williamstown, in Grant county, thismorning for interment in. the Williamstown Cemetery.The beneficiaries of theFund, pursuant to the published notice, appeared before the Commissioners of the Fund at the court houseyesterday for examination. They hadwith them the reports of the expenses at the previous sessions of theschools which they attended, together with their school reports andclass reports, which were submittedto the Commissioners, E. M. Dickson,John T. Collins and Claude M.Thomas.The new applicants will be rereceived at the court house to-day(Tuesday) by the Commissioners,and will be examined by Prof. E. M.Costello. These applicants are required to bring with them recommendations and class reports for thepast school year. The report of theCommissioners will be submitted tothe Fiscal Court in September fortheir action and approval.IS fe sCHURCH CONCERT SUCCESS.KERN.John W. Kern, former UnitedGarth States Senator from Indiana, andDemocratic nominee for Vice-Presidentin 1908, died in Asheville, NorthCarolina, Friday night. Mr. Kern wassixty-nine years at the time of hisdeath.Up to the time of his retirementfrom the Senate in March last, Mr.Kern was majority floor leader of theDemocratic Conference Committee.He was a native of Indiana, havingbeen born in Alto, Howard county,December 20, 1849.Mr. Kern who came to Asheville aweek ago to recuperate, died of uraemic poisoning. With him at the timeof his death were Mrs. Kern and Mrs.George B. Lawson, a daughter, ofRoanoke, Va. The body was takento Hollis, Va., the summer home ofthe late Senator for interment.The concert given in the NorthMiddletown Christian church Fridaynight by the choir of the ParisChristian church was a decided success. The splendidly-executed musical program was rendered under thedirection of' Mr. A. L. Boatright, director of the Paris choir, with MissClara Belle O'Neill presiding at theorgan. The church was comfortablyfilled by an audience which thoroughly enjoyed the program.m m mSCHOOL DAYS GETTING NIGH' School days are rapidly approaching for the girls and boys of Bourbon county and Paris. The openingof the schools has been definitelyplaced for Monday, September 10,when the call to books and studieswill be heard for the first day of thenew school term. The Teachers' Institute will be held in Paris the weekpreceding the school opening.LYDDANE.Mr. Charles E. Lyddane, who formore than thirty years was a newspaper jman in Winchester, and one ofthe most prominent and active ofthat city's business men, died at hishome on Buckner street, in Winchester at an early hour Friday morning.Mr. Lyddane had been a suffererfrom a complication of diseases forfifteen years.Mr. Lyddane was a native of Clarkcounty, and was in his sixty-fourthyear. He" began his newspapercareer when the old Winchester Democrat was published under the management of Mr. D. C. Lisle, now aresident of Bourbon county, and continued with that paper for thirtyyears, until it was acquired byMessrs. Charles Nelson and Tim Needham. ' "He is survived by his wife, who wasbefore her marriage Miss FrancesBailey, of Winchester; one sister,Mrs. W. Z. Eubanks, of Kiddville,Clark county, and two brothers, Geo.Lyddane, of Missouri, and FredLyddane, of Texas.The funeral was held Saturday afternoon with services conducted atthe grave in the Winchester Cemetery at three o'clock, by Rev. J. H.McNeill and Rev. Cecil J. Armstrong.The services were under the ausipcesof the local lodge of Red Men. Thepall-bearers were John M. Woods, D.B. Goodwin, D. S. Haggard, Prof. J.L. Bosley, J. Hood Smith and GSpencer.T.LOSTTILLETT.Mrs. Jennie E. Tillett, agedthirty-seven, died at her residence onSouth Cypress street, Sunday eveningabout six o'clock, after a short illness of a complication of diseases.Mrs. Tillett was a native of Franklin county, and came to Paris sometime ago with her husband, Mr. Geo.P. Tillett, who is employed on theLouisville & Nashville at this point.She is survived by her husband,Mr. Geo. P. Tillett, and two daughters, Lillian and Sue, and one son,George G.The body was taken to Frankfort,where the funeral will take place today at Pleasant Ridge, in Franklincounty.44 ii 444144444 "M"I 4'44'"M'4'4'4'4'4"M 4'4'4"i 4 "! 'ILIKE ALLOTHER BANKSThe First National Bankof Paris, Ky.Will pay all taxes on depositsas of September 1stI The First National Bankof Paris41 m HI I II III II H II 1 1 1 1 1 II 1 1 H 1 1 1 1 H 1 1 1 1 Ml M 44 MDON'T WORRYABOUT TAXES!We 'will pay all taxes assessedagainst your money if on. depositthis bank: September 1st, 1V17.inWe Cordially Invite YourAccount.vtfPeoples Deposit Bank& Trust Co.PARIS,KENTUCKYTALBOTT.The funeral of Mr. Lee B. Talbott, aged seventy-one, who died athis home in North Middletown, Sunday morning at nine o'clock, after along illness, due to the infirmities ofage, was held at the family residencein North Middletown yesterday afternoon at four o'clock, with servicesconducted by Rev. J. T. Sharrard, ofParis, and Mr. John W. Jones, ofNorth Middletown. The burial followed in the North Middletown Cemetery. The ball-bearers were W. S.Jones, Samuel Talbott, LuncefordTalbott, John J. Redmon, T. J. Judy,Win. Jones, Allie Jones and W. T.Talbott.Mr. Talbott had been a lifelongresident of North Middletown and vicinity, and was one of the oldest andmost highly-respected citizens of thatsection of the county. He had beenin the merchandising business inNorth Middletown for many years until declining health forced him togive up active participation in business. He is survived by his widow, whowas Miss Lou Cline, of Paris, a sister of Mrs. James T. Davis, and anaunt of Mr. David D. Cline, both ofParis, and one son, Mr. Daniel Talbott, who arrived from his home inIndianapolis, Thursday, to be withhis father.to fc MHARNESS REPAIRED.We are prepared to repair harnessin first-class style-on short notice.(21-lt) FARMERS SUPPLY CO.161 Ift feTO TAX PAYERSTax receipts of thecity for 1917 are nowin the hands of CityCollector ClarenceThomas, at the Peoples Deposit Bank.Call and pay themnow.J.T;HINTON,(auglO-tf) Mayor,fefe UsARMOUR ICEHOUSES BURN; LOSSOVER $250,000.Fire destroyed the icehouses ofArmour & Co., at Round Lake, nearChicago, Saturday. According to estimates of heads of the company, theloss will exceed $250,000. Freightcars- valued at $50,000 also wereburned, while the stock of 50,000tons of ice was valued at $75,000.Frank Sanderson, the superintendent, and the fire was of incendiaryorigin, as it broke out in a dozen different places and within a short timewas beyond control.Hi fe HiB-4 PI REInsure withW.O.H1NTON &SON,Agtsp P IR t"EIRE DESTROYS BARN.The big barn of Mr. John Cromwell, near Cynthiana, was destroyedby fire of an unknown origin lastweek. The loss was partly coveredby insurance. About $200 worth ofhay, the property of Mark Neff,which was housed in the barn, wasnot insured.fe te feFire, Wind and Lightninginsurance.Di Thomas, Woodford & Bryan.Hi Hi feOn Cypress street and Ford Millpike, between Whaley place andEighth street, a bag containingladies' bathing suit, shoes and cap.Liberal reward for return to THEBOURBON NEWS office. (21-2t)Wanted.Good collector, on a commissionbasis. Man or woman. Call atoffice.ELECTRIC DRY CLEANING CO.,(21-tf) Fifth St., Paris, Ky.ti,i,iulAj,A,ir,j.i.,t.Ai r, j, tl,t..t..t..r.,t,r "'fiinimmnmnmnOn Wednesday & ThursdayAugust 22 and 23We Will Be Pleased to Show You theMost Complete Line of Gentlemen's andand Ladies' Watches in AmericaLost, Strayed or StolentCLASSES TO CLOSE.The last week in August will markthe close of the Young Women'sSwimming Classes, which have beentaught in the Bourbon County Y. M.C. A., semi-weekly by Miss HarrietRogers.The class now numbers more thansixty, over two-thirds of whom haveacquired a good knowledge of theuseful art under the guidance of theircapable instructor. The pupils, havetaken a decided interest in the classesand will be sorry when they arebrought to a close.FLOUR AND WHEAT..Wheat was quoted at $2.00 perbushel locally yesterday, followingthe sharp declines of, the past week,with light receipts. Farmers areholding out their crops, for higher.prices, but dealers say the millers arenot badly in need of the grain atpresent. The price of flour has followed in the retail v and wholesalemarket with , the decline in wheat,though consumers say it is plentyFrom a stable in East Paris, Sunday morning, a four-year-old bayniare with two white hind feet, andstar in forehead. Suitable rewardfor her recovery or for informationleading to her recovery.JOS. BODKINS,Route 3, Paris, Ky.THE PAIRWe have an unusually largestock of summer necessities and,are selling them at cost somebelow cost to make room forour enormous stock of holidaygoods, which will soon arrive.For Friday and Saturday.Fly Paper, per sheet 1cFly Swatters, 10c kind, each 5 cWindow Shades 2 shades in1; dark green on one sideand white on the otherside 36 inches wide, 7feet long, heavy handmade, regular $1.25 shade,Saturdey only up to 5 p.m.,each 69cShoe Polish for white orblack shoes, bottle 7cMatting Rugs, 3x6 49cSemi-Porcelain Dinner Plates9 inches across the top .... 7cFern Basket and Fern complete, each 69cx r,THE FAIRsuawhw ysmake most bzauiifulvraiclxfayimeiictit!tfSfrGentlemen's ad Ladies'Timepieces.The Gruen Watch Manufacturing Company's representative will be at ourstore on these days andwill display Gruen's fulland complete line ofmost accuratetYou are cordially invited to3all and inspect the "MostBeautiful Watch in America"VERITHINHighest perfectionmttainable in class marked-zfimz-VADI"UK1GENTLEMEN'S AND LADIES'"VERITHIN"Watches and Wristletsin Yellow Gold, GreenGold, Platinum, DiamondIncrusted and Silverones in styles too numerous to mention.Ranging in Price From$12.50 to $650.00One and all are invited to see this beautiful line.It is not necessary that you purchase a watch. Wemerely want you to see this display of perfect timepieces.ZTheA.J.WINTERSCO.PARIS, KENTUCKYtiiiiniiniiiinntiiinimmmiimnminmit'fr.iiki&I3mww-.?5:LJiAi.W.mi i'1'1 iliU - ;; i " ; i ' .' - .g i. ' i i. i ' ,.:,.,. " JIJSh si 4 ?. 'j& & ' J'-jSi mrrritttftrt,Yfitimniiui t fir.tfiy j - - ' -vy-ws ,. . -v . .wmim 1 . . : . wwwr;: : : : v -y. -'w.--..r. -.-. -. -r s.t y wZj&T .3j3ii!lf Tik(g(Dl(o)lb(BMlmfeCM&M,' 111aU ysfv August 22nd to 25th jjl tMrnSB fL MBai glw a Em BM VBSR Jftii jjjjgsBPimycy r p walsh mIMIH jPHwffl L """el' Geo. O'Brien WMMiWMmSHIRT SALETRADEJw-yMARKSHIRTSKNOWN AS THE BEST - THE BEST KNOWNThe Manhattan Shirt Sale is theone you have been waiting for.Every new pattern is representedin Silk, Madras, Silk Fibres andPercales. This sale startsTuesday, Aug. 21and ends September 1st. Comeearly, while the selection is goodand we -have your-size.$5.00 Shirts $3.85$4.00 Shirts $3 1 5$3.00 Shirts... .....$2,15$2.50 Shirts... $;1.85$2.00.Shirts $1.65$1.75 Shirts $1,35R. P. WALSHMail Md Seventh ONE-PRICE STORE HonePhone 448high 'enough.CjP ir. Sr-i k--r....-rV "" .TUESDAY, AUGUST 21, 1917.THE BOURBON NEWS, PARIS, KY.PAGE 11VBumX)FOR THE BESTNOTHING ELSESCHOOL OPENING.Mrs. Sutherland's school will openSeptember 3. Numbei of pupils limited. Your patronage solicited.(14-tf)TS TS TQA BEATJTEETJL SIGHT.Read the A. J. Winters Co.'s advertisement on page four in this issueand see what is in store for you, onWednesday and Thursday, August 22and 23.(17-2t) THE A. J. WINTERS CO.Pa 5 PsiTHE WEATHER.The following weather forecast forthe week beginning Sunday, Aug. 19,has been sent out by the U. S. Bureau at Washington:For Ohio Valley and Tennessee:Rising temperature beginning ofweek; warm thereafter; generallyfair.Pa Pa PaSTATE COMMISSION TO NAMECOUNTY ELECTION OFFICIALSCounty Election Commissioners willbe selected by a State ElectionCommission at a meeting to be heldat Frankfort, August 22. Whenthe Commission meets it will canvasthe returns of the August primaryand issue certificates to successfulcandidates.Pa Pa PaTEACHERS' INSTITUTE.Prof. R. H. Ellett, of Lexington,and Miss Dalton, of Lexington, willconduct the Bourbon County Teachers Institute, which will be held inParis during the week of September2. This promises to be one of themost interesting meeting of the yearfor the teachers, coming just prior tothe opening of the schools for the1917-1918 terms.OUR MERCHANT TAILORING.Offers you for fall a thoroughlycomplete assortment of all the desirable high grade individual tailoringas cannot be found elsewhere.J. W. DAVIS & CO.i m toMOST BEAUTIFUL WiATCH INAMERICA.On Wednesday and Thursday,August 22 and 23, the representativeof the Gruen Watch ManufacturingCo. -will "be at bur 'store with, themost beautiful watches in America.Read the advertisement on page fourin this issue.(17-2t) THE-A. J. -WINTERS CO.pa pa paRALLY 'ROUND THE FLAG!The City Hall, the "home of thelocal legislative body and the fire department, is the lone public buildingin Paris now unadorned with "OldGlory." Citizens residing in the vicinity are talking of raising a fundby personal solicitation, in case thecity doesn't take some action, forthe purpose of purchasing a flag forthe building.to 1 MBUSINESS CHANGES.The management of the SingerSewing Machine Co.'s local office hasbeen taken over by .Mr. J. W. Brown,who has for several years .been theParis representative of the LexingtonSteam Laundry. Mr. Brown will dispose of the laundry -agency and -givehis enire attention to the affairs ofthe sewing machine business.to to toSPORTSMEN'S NECESSITIESAll kinds of guns and ammunition;see us.(21-lt) FARMERS SUPPLY CO.to to toHONEY, HONEY.We have the finest lot of honeyever purchased. The most economical sweet to buy.(21-lt) C. P. COOK & CO.to to toGOOD SALE OF SHEEP.At the stock pens of M. J. Murphy & Co., in Paris, Saturday, Auctioneer George D. Speakes sold atpublic sale for Mr. C. T. Faulconer,of Clark county, 281 head of sheep.The sheep were disposed of in lotsas follows: Hume Payne, 50 head at$12.65; Perry Mclntyre, 21 head at$11.35; Hume Payne, 25 head at$12.05; Forrest Letton, 30 head at$10.90; A. J. Skillman, 25 head at$8.10; Hume Payne, 30 head at$10.55; B. A. Batterton, 25 head at$12.40; C. B. Ecton, 25 head at$12.45. The average price was inthe neighborhood of $12.00.FORMER PARIS BOY CHANGESBUSINESS.Mr. Wm. J. Browner, formerly ofParis, who has for several years beenwith the Delaware & LackawannaRailway system, in their New Yorkoffices, has resigned tfa&t position.Mr. Browner has accepted a position with the Thompson-Sterrit Company, of Wall Street, importers andexporters, as traffic manager. MrBrowner is in Raleigh, North Carolima, temporarily on business for hislna. Mr. Browner is a son or Mrs.Haaak-Brwar, and a brother ofMr. Grce Browmer, of Paris. -SOCIAL AND PERSONAL.Comings and Goings of OurPeople Here, There andElsewhere.Mr. Bryant Doty is the guest ofMr. Russell Doty, in Dayton, O.Mr. Harry Simon returned Sunday from a business trip to NewYork.Mr. May Goff has returned fromOhio, where he went last week on abusiness mission.Miss Phoebe Litsey, of Harrodsburg, is visiting her sister, Mrs. William Cooper, and Mr. Cooper.Miss Jessie Wortham, of Corbin,is the guest of her aunt, Mrs. E. P.Clarke, on South High street.Mrs. John R. Owens is a guestthis week of Mr. and Mrs. W. J.Huffman and family in Covington.Mr. Joseph M. Hall, who underwent a surgical operation at a Lexington hospital last week, continuesto improve.Circuit Court Clerk Wm. H.Webb attended the meeting in Louisville last week of the County and Circuit Clerks of the State.Mrs. O. P. Carter, Jr., and daughter, Miss Elizabeth Stuart, have goneto Covington, to be guests of Mr. andMrs. A. B. Davis and family.Mrs. Eva Dimmitt and granddaughter, Miss Christine Hickman,have returned from a visit to Mrs.Evelyn Henry, in Akron, Ohio.Mr. Clark White, a member ofthe Paris High School faculty, hasreturned from his vacation spent athis home in Mexico, Missouri.Mrs. David Myers and son, ofWest Palm Beach, Florida, are guestsof Mr. and Mrs. Robert Meteer andMr. and Mrs. Wm. Meteer, of nearParis.Capt. Morton C. Colliver is athome on a ten-days' leave of absencefrom Ft. Benj. Harrison, before reporting for duty at Camp Taylor, inLouisville.Mrs. Curtis Henry, of Paris, andher guest, Mrs. McDaniel Whitaker,of Fayetteville, Tennessee. wereguests of Lexington friends Fridayand Saturday.Mrs. Nutter Woods, of Alabama,is a guest of her parents, Mr. andMrs. -Frank Buchanan, near Paris.Mr. Woods is manager of a big stockranche in Alabama.Miss Lyda Creekbaum, of Mays-ville, accompanied by her nieces,Miss Amelia Watkins, daughter ofMr. and Mrs. William Watkins, areguests of Mrs. J. V. Lytle.Boonesboro bathing beach wasthe Mecca as usual Sunday, for alarge number of Paris people, whospent the day bathing and picnicingat this now popular resort.Among those from Paris who attended the Ewing Fair last weekwere Mr. and Mrs. J. J. McCarthy,Messrs. L. B. Purnell and James Higgins and Miss Luna Duffey.Ensign Allen Ashbrook, a sonof the late Mr. T. Earl Ashbrook, ofParis, was a visitor in Paris, Fridayand Saturday. Ensign Ashbrook isnow in the United States Navy.Mrs. James Douglas and son, Jas.Douglas, Jr., have gone to Middlesboro, to visit her sons, Messrs. Wallace and Marion Douglas, who havefine positions in the railroad sevicethere.Dr. Chas. G. Daugherty is ableto be out, after being swathed inbandages for several weeks, whichcovered severe burns about the headand face, caused by a natural gasexplosion.Misses Elizabeth Kemp, of Earlingfron, and Genevieve Huffaker, ofLawrenceburg, have returned to theirrespective homes after a visit to Mr.and Mrs. W. K. Griffin, at their homeon Cypress street.Mr. and Mrs. John W. Koontz,who have been residents of Paris forseveral years, have disposed of theirproperty and have moved to Lexington to reside. Mr. Koontz is in theLouisville & Nashville service.Miss Emma Jacoby is entertaining the following house party at herhome near Paris: Misses ElizabethClark, of Springfield, 111., and Annette, Lena and Grace Martin andJohnnie Bowman, of Lexington.Miss Princess Whaley left yesterday for Camp Daniel Boone, on theKentucky River, to spend a week.The party in camp there now is composed of members of the Young People's Christian Endeavor Society ofKentucky.Mr. George Glenn, a valued employe of the A. J. Winters Co., wastaken to the Massie Memorial Hospital, in this city, Saturday, wherean operation for appendicitis, wasperformed. Mr. Glenn was restingery comfortably yesterday.Mrs. Fanniebelle Sutherland hasreturned from Louisville, where shewent to attend the patriotic meetingheld there under the auspices of theKentucky Branch of the NationalCouncil of Defense Mrs. Sutherlandremained over several days to visitfriends and relatives in Louisville.Lieut. Reuben B. Hutchcraftwas one of those present at the entertainment and reception given by theUniversity Club, in Lexington, Saturday, in honor of the commissionedmen in the new army service. Aboutfifty guests were present. The roomswere decorated in the patriotic colors.Lieut. Ben Lowry, who taughtschool in the Clay's Cross Roadsschool house last year, and who hasbm in the training camp at Ft.Benj. Harrison, for the past threemonths, was a guest Miay, Saturday and Sunday of rti Jfcy. HewaV tii route to hia old home in Catlettsburg for a farewell visit. Lieut.Lowry will report at Camp Taylor,near Louisville on August 13.Mrs. Clyde Keller and Mrs.Nancye Edwards have gone to Dawson Springs to remain several weeks.Miss Kate Ingels, of Lexington,isa guest of Mrs. Luther Rice, at hercountry home on the Clintonvillepike, near Paris.Miss Marie Andrews, who hasbeen spending the summer in Pariswith her grandparents, Mr. and Mrs.David C. Parrish, has returned to herhome in Pittsburg, Pa.Miss Ann Jouett Davis, who hasbeen visiting her father, Mr. Withers Davis, and her grandparents,Mr. and Mrs. J. W. Davis, has returned to Louisville, and will go to Michigan next week to spend the remainder of the summer.Miss Mary Kenney Webber hasreturned from "Idlewild" Camp,where she has been a guest for several days. She will have as guestsfor the Farewell Summer Dance tonight Misses Nance Anderson, ofGeorgetown, Juliet Lee Risque, ofMidway and Elizabeth Erdman, ofLexington.(Other Personals on Page 3.)fe paVISIT OUR STOREOn August 22 and 2 3 and take alook at the Gruen watches, the handsomest timepieces in America. Readthe advertisement on page four ofthis issue.(17-2t) THE A. J .WINTERS CO.THEY ARE DOING THEIR BITThe members of the Womens' Society of the Paris Christian churchwill sew all day to-day (Tuesday) onarmy hospital supplies at the RedCross Sewing rooms, in the Wilsonbuilding at the corner of Main andThird streets.Wilmoth'sSalt-RisingBread!Angel FoodCake!Don't That"Listen Good?"WILMOTHGrocery Co.Phone 376TAKE AKODAK!Snapshots of various summersports will add immensely to thefunfishing, swimming, etc.But be sure its a KODAK-"If it isn't an Eastmanit isn't a Kodak" .Kodaks $5.00 upBrownie Cameras $1-00 upAlso a Full Line ofSporting GoodsSwimming Suits. . . .75c to $5.00Water Wings. .' 35cBathing Caps 35cDaughertyBros.Paris, KentuckyWarm WeatheritHARRY SIMONOne Price To AllWe have forGAINS we haveKaltex Porch FurnitureLawn SwingsPorch SwingsRefrigeratorsWe are disposingiYou know when we say reductions we MEAN REDUCTIONS!THEJ.T.HINT05C0.MOTOR HEARSE"EITHERPHONE"WearONE OF OUR COOLWARNER'SRustCORSETSwill make for daintiness and comfortall through summer.You can wash a Warner's it will notrust. Buy two or three at a time andso be sure of a fresh, clean corsetevery day.Priced as low as 1$1.00Every Corset Guaranteed !FOR YOUyou some of theever offered inand Hammocksof these articles atoffering themFOR CASH ONLYMOTOR INVALID COACH3r"lProofBIGGEST BAR"z, vthe prices we areUNDERTAKINGSIXTH AND MAIN STS.( tl1 1-1I iVTHE BOURBON NEWS, PARIS, KY.TUESDAY, AUGUST 21,-1917.FOR REAL HEROESUncle Sam's Great Military Prize,the Medal of Honor.NOT WON BY MERE BRAVERY.It Takes a Deed of Almost Superhuman Fearlessness to Gain This Coveted Badge, the Hardest to Win ofAll National War Decorations."Hardest to gain, fewest in numbers,,the least known of the military decora,tion of honors of the world," sums up.the medal of honor of the United States,ithe bit of ribbon and the piece of metalthat are so eagerly coveted and highlyprized. bythe soldiers and sailors ofUncle SamTNyen you see a man with the inconspicuous bronze star pinned to his coatby a blue ribbon on which are thirteenwhite stars you may know that he has"done a deed that has placed his life insuch jeopardy that escape from it wasnearly a miracle.f- The medal of honor was first authorized by congress in 1862 and was fornoncommissioned officers and privates.only. But in the following year thelaw was changed to extend the awardto commissioned officers also. In allabout 1,500 of the medals were presented for services in the war betweenthe states, and it is a remarkable factthat 00 per cent of them went to private soldiers.In its present form the medal ofhonor is a five pointed star with amedallion in the center bearing the.head of Minerva and around it "United States of America" in relief. Oneach ray of the star is an oak leaf, andthe points themselves are trefoil shaped. A laurel wreath in green jmajQielencircles the whole, and this wreath issurmounted by "Valor," which in turnIs surmounted by an eagle that attaches the decoration to its ribbon.Accompanying this medal there is abadge, or lapel button, hexagonal andmade of blue silk with the thirteenoriginal stars in white. The armymedal is represented, by a small bluebutton studded with stars, while thenavy medal is represented by a smallred, white and blue bowknotIt was not until 1897 that regulations definitely enunciating the conditions under which the medal should beawarded were promulgated. They cmphased .the difficulty of winning ,the.decoran and the great honor attaching ttts pwjsesgion."Medals of honor authorized by the-act of congress approved March 3,4863," aay the regulations, "are awarded to officers and enlisted men In thename Of contrrpss fnr nnrHrMilnr riooIaof .most-distinguished gallantry In ac- 'tion. In order that the congressionalmedal of Honor may be deserved, service must have been performed in actiotraw.coawicsoufi -ciracter asto distinguish clearly the man for gallantry and intrepidity above his comrades, service that Involved? extremeJeopardy of life or the performanceof extraordinarily hazardous duty.Recommendations for the decorationWill be judged by this standard of extraordinary merit, and incontestibleproof of performance of the servicewill be exacted."Soldiers of the Union have everdisplayed bravery In battle, else victories could not have been gained. Butas courage and self sacrifice are thecharacteristics of every true soldier,such a badge of distinction as the concessional medal is not to be expected.as the reward of conduct that does notclearly distinguish the soldier aboveother men whose bravery aim gallantry have been proved In battle."In other words, the' medal? of honor:m a medal for superheroes, for menwho not only risk their llves-dn someextraordinary way, but who displayeuch intelligence in the action that itStands out M something apart fromconduct m the line of duty. Executiverders prescribe as follows the wayIn which the medal may be gained:The recommendations must be presented by some one other than theproposed recipient, one who Is personally familiar with all the facts andcircumstances claimed as justifying theaward, but the application may bemade by the one claiming to haveearned it, in which case it will be Inthe form of a deposition reciting anarrative description of the distinguished service performed. Recommendations will be made by thecommandirigofficer at the tima of the action vor bya soldier or an officer having personalcognizance of the act for which thebadge of honor Is claimed.The regulations also provide for exhaustive -examination of the circumstances in each case and for an investigation that removes every possibilityof fraud. Affidavits from witnessesare reqwired, and the system safeguarding the distinction is hedged, aboutWith innumerable restrictions ."It maybe taken for granted that arman-wno'fcores one of the coveted medals Hasejftraed It with interest New York Sun.Atcren "and RuBber.$ There are thirty or more rubber factories in and around Akron. Three oftttem are so vast that the visitor feelsHji wsHspsI (wet mi in rlnln' nrfhe follow! big guide hour, after hourtfcourh iltaftic sbeps. Ta'eee .three 1cetoMal piantarare said tocrepresent .7Qcentre JdcronVlife, while Akron' 'stanus- ior w per cent or merubber production of the UnitedLtee. Edward Mott Woolley In Mc-The emly talma that walks back fromrftol fee buried la cmaracter.-W. M.SINKING A SUBBMARINE.How th,e U-29 and Its Daring CrewWere Sent to the Bottom.Von Weddigen, the hero of the German submarine service, after sinkingthe British cruisers Aboukir, Hogueand Cressy was promoted to a bettership and took command of the U-29,in comparison with the U-9 a biggishbrute, a regular "peach," almost an undersea liner.After a hard day on the job, lookingfor game in the upper North sea, theU-29 went "to sleep," resting with aslight negative buoyancy on a shelvingsand bank. Outside of the watch officerand the regular standing watch, allhands must have turned in, sleeping intheir leather suits. It is supposed that,as the watch at the telephones heardthe nearing propeller beats of a British destroyer screen, the alarm wassounded "Tauch station!" with everyman flying to his post.One might imagine that Von Weddigen waited; that the microphones vibrated the slow chugs of big ship propellers, which told him that .the British fleet was approaching. Blowinghis adjusting tank to a submergedtrim, he came to fighting position. Hisperiscope tipped the surface.He was lucky enough to come between the two columns of the Britishgrand fleet, steaming in line of squadrons, with the Iron Duke leading theright column, flying Jellicoe's flag. Theperiscope of the U-29 showed up halfway between the squadrons, six cablesapart She got off her torpedo, whichpassed under the Iron Duke. Immediately she-fired No. 2, which also missed, going astern. Because of danger ofsmashing their own ships none of theBritish gun crews dared to fire at theGerman submarine.But after the second torpedo something went wrong with the U-29. Either the valves failed to work, which,by taking water into compensatingtankSj were to equalize the weight of.the discharged torpedoes", or at the instant the diving rudder man failed ingiving enough "down rudder." At anyrate, the nose of the submarine shotup above the water.She started immediately to begin todive, but the dreadnaught, third inthe left column, swung out of line andwent full speed for the U boat Thebig ship caught her on the ram, spearing, her like a whale, and raised 'heralong the cutwater until the submarine was half out of water a flash,a grinding smash, the U-29 balancingfirst one way, then the other, and finally dropping, the lettered bow foremost IThe dreadnaught swung back into column. Without a signal being made,without a shot fired, the grand 'fleetproceeded.This is the true story of how VonWeddigeji- perished. Itcame rfroni aman who saw it with-his own eyes.Henry Reuterdahl In Saturday Even-m'Post?Automobile Radiators.To assure the efficient operation andlong-life of your: automobile it is es-sentlal that the radiator be kept clean.Every radiator has been designed forthe .purpose of dissipating some of theheat from the engine to prevent It fromoverheating. The radiator can onlvaccomplish this, advises the PopularScience Monthly, when the radiatorcells aire cleared of mud, so that thecomparatively cool air can circulatethrough it Yet many are the carswhich are allowed to clog up with mudand dirt until it almost takes a hammer to knock them out. A good antidoteis a powerful stream of water from ahose, or where this may not be convenient a stiff brush or a broom willassist in solving the cleaning problem.The Night Table.The night table is not as well knowniniredroottVlore asit might ;be, I think.It ir such a comfoijt to' be able aftergoing to bed to read by the light onthe night table and to be able tostretch out a hand at midnight andswitch this same light on. On thenight table"-may be kept; any of the little things which might in any possibility be needed during the nightalight a clock, a carafe of drinking water, a book for a chance wakeful hour.Washington Star.Peace on Earth.Peace on earth would mean the liberation of human faculties for the highest and noblest achievements of whichhuman nature is capable. It wouldmean a splendid efflorescence of art,literature,- science, philosophy and religion In short, culture in its bestsense as the spontanebus unfolding ofthe powers of personality. DavidJayne Hill in Century.Table Manners.To put the "elbows on the table is toconfess indifference to rules of etiquette. This5 attitude Bhould'remain peculiar to grillrooms, where it originated. Those who observe the derails of good, form keep their hands intbJelr'laps wheiPnofc-employedwith thej"- uu xwijk. i iiusuuiju Tress.His Triflirjfl Mistake.LadyEzhlbltor (at- the close of-baby show) But, good gracious! Thlala not my baby, sir! Checktaker Verysorry, madam. It's the last left Thechecks got mixed np somehow." BatI'll take care that it shan't occur again.'T-LondOn' Answers., Tit For TatHe You never consult my wlshesiordering the meals. She Well, younever consult the market reports inproviding an allowance' f or Hbef houseshblRicfiioddTimee-T)iapatch.KiThV wages of sm are always pakMIf there is any delay in settlement conpound interest is added .OLD JAIL HORRORSWhen Imprisonment For DebtWas the Law of the Land.TORTURE FOR ITS VICTIMS.Poor Wretches Unable to Pay the Trifle They Owed Were Flung Into Prison to Starve to Death Unless Rescued by Charity or Their Creditors.In the early part of the last centurythere was started an earnest effort toentirely abolish or at least to regulatethe old colony law of imprisonmentfor debt The movers in this abolishment felt that no class pf the community deserved consideration more.It had been the inhuman rule thatfor the smallest debt possible to contract, though it were but a cent invalue, the body of the debtor, whetherman or woman, would be seized bythe creditor and cast into jail.Each year poor wretches had beendragged to prison by thousands onwhat were truly called "spite actions."Once behind the prison walls they wereconsigned to a fate harder than thatwhich awaited worse criminals.Murderers and thieves, forgers andcounterfeiters, real criminals of allkinds, were fed, clothed and cared forat the expense of the state, but forthe unhappy man whose only offensewas hi3 inability to pay a trifling sumof a few cents no such provision wasmade. The food he ate, the shreds thatcovered him, the medicine he tool;nay, the very fags he wrapp"ed abouthis sores were provided, if providedat afl, by his friends, by the public orby some burgane 'spctetyThe room in which he was confinedwith scores 6t other offenders was utterly without furniture of any sort.In it were neither beds, nor tables, norchairs, nor so much as a bench orstool. He sat on the floor, ate off thefloor" and aT night lay to sleep on Itlike a dog, and this misery he endureduntil he. died or his debt was paid orhis creditor released himT "sfcafiB3kAgainst this at length humanity revolted, and in 1794 a change fotHebetter was ordered. It was stipulaTeclthat the Inspector should provide fueland blankets, ior such debtors as, byreason of their dire property, couldnot get them and should. make an allowance of 7 cents a dayfor fcpd andcharge this against- the creditors. Ifany creditor refused?., to pay after tendays' notice his debtor was to be discharged. For twenty-two years the community seemed to have thought that thismild concession was all that humanityrequired; fprk- noj further change wasmade until 1814. Then was passed"bread' act," under which each prls-oner whose debt did not exceed $15w entitled to a discharge after anImprisonment of thirty days.From documents presented to thesehate of New York in 1817 it appearstnat tne keeper of the debtors Jail inNew York city certified that during1816 1,984 debtors were confined andthat upward of GOO were always In theprison. The sheriff of the county certified that 1,129 were imprisoned fordebt under $50, that of these 729 owedless than $25 and that every one ofthem would have starved to death butfor the assistance of the Humane society. One man remained, it was noted, Inthe New York jail for three years, whowas only indebted to the extent of $50,before death ended his misery andduring the entire time was fed by theHumane society. Another unfortunatehad been Imprisoned six years andwas fluj&cTteay cnaHty. In the faceof sueb? strlKlngevldence the legislature of New York state relented andIn 1817 forbade the imprisonment ofdebtors for sums less than $25. Thisled; the1 wy, and state after state followed. When the new states In the westframed their constitutions they ordered that no one should be imprisonedfor debt. The old statute was finallystricken" from the laws of the easternstates until today none of our stateshas a law requiring that a debt ispunishable by imprisonment, unless ithas been contracted under some fraudulent misrepresentation. PhiladelphiaPress.When Death Cools His Sting.There is a curious superstition inJamaica that .if a death occurs in thehouse all the water in It Is poisoned atonce and must be thrown away, thereason given being that Death coolshis "sting" after destroying life in thefirst water he finds, and as no one cantell dearth1 being Invisiblewtiat jar hemay choose it Is safest to throw It allaway. Careful people to save trouble"even carry all water out of the houseimmediately before a death Is expected.Imitation Marble.If by any chance you should happento be admiring jsome very fine carvedI re5tKj&iflS1 yu that the.ao cuueu marine migut easuy De sawdust Won'&rrliflaiCaaonBf'ol? vaW-ble woods aWiriarble ftaveDeen niadefrom sawdust, and even experts havebenettTOsrW'fiiSFgW1 Spirittoo, can be made from sawdustGerifeHjive Ddyoucarfy Fredas plctutfe lriy6ur wrist wafcbhl 'Mabelle Certainly I do."Well, my dear, that cornea pretty"atem, doesn't ltr'St Louis Post-'Dispatch.It mj Its pala to lean la yot ts:ts b lgnorait la afSHOOTING NEAR GETYOUR LICENSE.The season for shooting doves willsoon be here, and hunters will be inthe fields from early dawn to late inthe evening. Dove shooting is saidto be fine sport, although it is a little bit tough on the gentle doves.Game Warden Bush Bishop receiveda letter Saturday morning from theState Game and Fish Commission, asking him to send out warnings toprospective hunters regarding taking out licenses, and as to the observance of the game laws. It is absolutely necessary that the hunterbe equipped with a hunting license,which may be secured from CountyClerk Pearce Paton, and which mustbe carried by the hunter while in thefields.The game laws are very strictwith reference to the closed seasonfor doves, and provide penalties of anextreme kind for any violation. Thelaw reads as follows:"Sec. 2. Doves When Unlawfulto Catch or Kill. No person shall,between the sixteenth day of Octoberand the 31st day of August, both daysinclusive, in any year, catch, kill, injure or pursue with any such intent,any doves, or have in possession anydoves, or any part of any dove, deador alive, no .matter when or wherecaught or killed, whether caught orkilled in this State, or in any otherState, territory, county or place; except as provided in Section 12 of thisact."Section 12 referred to-limits thenumber of doves one may kill or have(in possession on any one day to fifteen, and this means in one day.The section follows:"Sec. 12. Doves Bag Limit. Noperson shall shoot, kill or have inpossession more than fifteen (15)doves in any one day, between thefirst day of September and the 16thday of October of any year, bothdays inclusive: Provided, however,that any person having hunted twodays or more in succession may havea total not to exceed fifteen (15)doves killed by himself for each dayduring such hunt."The game wardens have receivedironclad instructions from headquarters tQ see that the law is strictlyobserved, and that no mercy beshown to violators, whatever theirrank in life may be. And Mr. Bishopsays this is exactly what will be donein Bourbon county. Nfe Hi )aaLOVE'S LABOR LOST.(Pittsburg Chronicle, Telegraph)One night four Princeton boys wentgaly forth to serenade two belles ofthe town. Arrived at the house ofthe fair ones, they took their standunder the correct window, as theythought, and for some time made thenight more or less melodious.They were just preparing to leavewhen a door opened and the jolly oldfather of the girls appeared. Had itbeen light they might possibly haveseen a twinkle in his eye."Boys," said he, "we are muchobliged. That is, I am much obliged,for I happen to be alone to-night. Iam sorry to say that the family is inNew York, but I thank you for coming. Maybe if you come again youwill have better luck. But in thename of old Princeton, boys, if youdo come when the girls are here,don't play to the bathroom window."153 Hi 1ftHIGH PRIVATE HAS EDGE ONCOMMISSIONED MAN.The drafted man or the volunteerwho has no commission in UncleSam's fighting forces has somethingto congratulate himself on, even ifhis salary Is 5 less than that of anofficer. The Army and Navy Journal,a semi-official publication, state'sthat the English army lost G,! officers in May, and that the rafto wasone officer killed to every thirteenenlisted men who lost their lives.The high percentage of officers lost isarousing a great deal of concern andit is pointed out .that the ratio inother modern wars are considerablyless. In the Russo-Japanese conflictone officer to thirty-six men was thebalance of the official figures.When it is remembered that thereaje approximately fifty men to acommissioned officer it can be seenthat it is four times as safe to be aprivate as a captain or a lieutenant.ARE YOU AI0NE?It is time for all who are ablebodied and mentally balanced to askthemselves whether they have doneanything or are doing anything tohelp the great project in which theircountry is launched. tIf you" are a" man have you enteredmilitary sfervicet contributed to theijea cross, given to funds to helpthe non-cqmbatants in' Europe, invested in a Liberty bond, sent a sonto the front or in any way showedyour desire to co-operate with theGovernment. If ypu are a womanhave have you done any sort of varIn this war, finally, everyone willhave to help in some way. Have youbegun? . ;mrrrr . 4The huge' guns' of 'modern naviescan only- be fired about 75 times before they are worn out.Be kind to children. . Most of themretain their memories after they growup..v4 zwn &ti ,, V4sesiaes teacumg aneosssary artof, war, trench digging supplies theDOVEELIMINATEYOUR WORRIESHigh cost of living, warm weather andscarcity of labor is a condition where aHOME TELEPHONEin your residence at reasonable rates andcourteous treatment to all would eliminate a good portion of the worries attributed to this cause.Call at our office or telephone 427, 411 or320 and pdace your order.Paris Home Telephone 8 Telegraph Co(Incorporated)J. J. VEATCH,District Manager.G. W.Funeral DirectorCorner Fifth and Pleasant Streets, Paris, Ky.Day Phones 137 Night Phones 299 or 999Automobile Ambulance Automobile HearseUndertakingOur Winton-Six Automobile Ambulance with Johnson &Johnson First Aid Equipment and the Lungmotor (recentlysecured by us at great expense) a resuscitating device forthose apparently dead from drowning, gas poisoning, electrichock, collapse from anaesthasia, etc., always ready for service, DAY OR NIGHT. Phone us immediately when anaccident occurs.!rrmmL. & N. TIME TABLEEffective, Sunday, June 17, 1917, 12:01 m. m.TRAINS FROM ARRIVALM .Agftntndfdly ,.,.,M..,...., 77T..i:25 iae15 .Cynthfan, daily except Sunday 4.... 7:ZmmIt Rowland,1 dallrexctuifdMr. -. ?tMa11 MayarinVdkfly exc Snnday.- ,...7;'aa40 Uexinton' daily excpt Sunday. . i - ... , ...7:4 am211 Maysvffle,:SwmOayCanly 8:00 am10 Rowland, Sunday only - ..S:05am40 Laxinffbon, Sunday only $:lCKamCincianatL O., daily 10 : am12 JLerington, dally 10:t2 am33 Chicago, daily .. , .. .' It: 17 am18 Lexington Dally Except Spnday 12:t0 m9 MaysTille, Daily Except Sunday ... . . 3:tt ppa138 Lexington, Daily 3:07 pm38 Knoxville, Tenn., Daily 3:15 pm19 Maysville, Daily 5:40 pm39 Cincinnati, Daily Except Sunday 5:50 pm14 Lexington, Daily Except Sunday 6:189m32 Jacksonville, Fla., Daily S:33pm239 Cincinnati, Sunday only 9:30 pm31 Cincinnati, O., Daily 10:38 pm130 Latfngton Daily 10:23 p mTRAINS . FOR Tpv " LEAV$No. . '-ySv: - , fKK8- , '134 Cincinnati, waily .... .'.Y. 5:30 am40 'Cincinnati, dally except Sunday ..7:45 ami11 Lexington, daily except Sunday ....7:47 am.10 Maysville, daily ;except Sunday 7:48" am"M0 Cincinnati,,; Sunday only,..... 8:2 xm13 Lexington, dally except'Sunday 10:25 'am37 oxriUel diiiiy 10;$2'33f Jacktonvillef daily ll:2iani218 Maysville, Sunday only ...-. 12:04Ifp-129 Lexington, daily except Sunday 3; pm38' Ciriclnna'ti; dally: ,......r...... iij 3539 Lexiagton, daily, except -.Sunday: gfCTjSi,9 RqwlajaDaUy.except Sunday t':tJ14 Maysye, daily except Sunday :S$ nm32 Chicago dally .... Clpm30' CyritWana, daljy, excepjt Sunday C:4S pm214 1 Maysyille, Sunday only $zb' pm239 Lexington, Sunday only , $;sg pm209 Rowland, Sunday only ' 5:40 pm19 Lexington, Dally f :S5 p zbNO. TRAINS ARRIVE FROM -. v .2 Frankfort, Ky., Daily Ex. Sunday , 7:38. a. 'ic4 Frankfort, Ky., Daily Ex. Sunday , 5-500 m-TRAINS DEPART FOR ""1 Frankfort, Ky., Daily Ex. Sunday 8-2? a. m.5 Frankfort, Ky., Daily Ex. Sunday. M.M f:25 p -n.KENTUCKY TRACTION& TERMINAL COMPANYInterurban Schedule.CARS LEAVE10:05 p. m.. Paris1 - forLexington&:4&a m.ll:00rp. m.Lexingtonfor-Paris -6:Q0;a.:.-7f2Qa.ia,,8;Q,a,fm.102011:50 ali20p2:60ip3:3Q,,p7530i)a. m.Mma,.ma. m9;4TT a: ml11:15 a? m:12:45V:m.2:15;fp: in:3:4joP.im.J 74i30tp.;m.; ,5; 15 pml.:2P,5.:Oj0udu6:p0 put,iizv p. m.9:10 VWn:aoof eii'i itr)afm 'rc&tR; mJtmmirrw0FiWMJJAMyisWKAITPMX OWTMEKTWJpm ay tstsVsMitt tfs as4W. H. CANNON,Local Manager,lunemDAVi-1 .nH .T goo$.5 )v TOfil.-5C zoiI .1 .q yiv.m mmm isn a .ia;ahdR.turnnEuBJBJBSBJ rSlNfflftntlssrOn Special Sunday Excursion n' Sunday; AligT 26in-i Cincinnati t(4th SfciwetSUtionkakT m.W. ll.CUNKINM T. A.digger wun a lot or ,nsa sir.OMRDORFER, TIM Drufffet.TUESDAY, AUGUST 21, 1917.SaveV0&y?,r.For distinctive eyeservice consult us.glassWe use the latest and mostup-to-date methods of refractthe eyes.Give us an early call.We Fit WhereOthers FailFRYE & FRANKLINDOCTORS OF OPTOMETRYDow Bldg.y opp. Windsor HotelProfessional Cards.DR. WM. KENNEY.Eye, Ear, Nose and Throat.ROOMS 403-404.FIRST NATL BANK BUILDING.PHONE 136.WMLIGRANNANAttorneyatLawROOMS 401-402.FIRST NAT'L BANK BUILDINGGAHAL BROS.BARBER SHOPPrompt and Courteous Attention toPatrons.HOT AND COLD BATHS.IWSWIS&..Joy-:THERE'S a heap of joyin a ton of good coal.Your stove or "furnacewon't have much troublefrom extracting comfortfrom a ton of. coal if youbuy it from us. Our rapiddelivery will please you.W. C. D0DS0N2&rK " ' 'I itf iiHLpgg South Main St.The Home of Good CoalYou Don't Have toII StoopI If You Use aGarlandCabinetRangeA beautiful line of Garlan4 tn flllplay. Com In and look thtm war.Paris Gas & Electric Co.(I&oorporatat) 'LOVE UfiKED WITH DEATH.In Tucopia Girls Propose Marriage andMust Die if Rejected.In the Pacific ocean between Fiji,New Guinea, New Caledonia and thecontinent of Australia lies the Melanesian group of islands, where head hunters and cannibals abound. -Althoughstrange and grewsome are many of thecustoms of the tribes, there are somethat are most romantic. For instance,on the island of Tucopia the womenpropose marriage instead of the men.When a girl of Tucopia sees a manwhom she thinks she would like tohave for her husband she does not rushup to him and" ask him to marry her.On the contrary, she gives the subjectdeep thought and often the man a mostcareful investigation before she "popsthe question." The reason is that hisanswer spells life or death to her.It is a tribal law that any womanwho has been refused must forthwithkill herself. Therefore a woman asksa man's hand only when she feels surethat his answer will be the happy one.Many are the strange and seeminglyinexplicable questions with which thewomen of Tucopia ply the stranger,who cannot realize the personal motive back of the solicitude of the duskybelles who inquire if he is married ornot and the state of his wife's health.Romances are consequently very aptto turn out in happy marriage.But there have been innumerable instances when a poor girl, smitten bythe newcomer's charms, has been compelled to kill herself because the manwith whom she has fallen in love has' had to refuse to marry her.Baldness with the women of Tucopiais a sign of beauty, and never until sheis bald does a Tucopia woman becomefully convinced that she is really lovely. But bald or not she takes greatcare whom she asks to marry her, forthe tribal law has never been knownto fail. If a rejected woman does notkill herself she is executed by the leaders of lie tribe. Fearson's.RED MONDAY IN PETROGRAD.One Scene of the Revolt That Endedthe Romanoff Dynasty.Bullets flew in the streets of Petrograd one Monday during the revolution.which overthrew the Romanoffs. ABritish nurse, telling Londoners of herexperiences in the Russian capital on"Red Monday," says of one scene:"I saw in the streets a wonderfulprocession of revolutionists, the vanguard of the brave liberators of Russia. The soldier patriots in their graycoats, on foot and in motorcars, weregoing down the street in a steady; orderly manner, protecting a crowd ofstarving men, women and children whowere walking in the center of the procession. At their head was a bandplaying the 'Marseillaise' and a largered flag borne aloft."As the procession neared the HotelMoscow, where the Nevsky begins,there was a sudden outburst of fiercefiring from above, and the soldiers andwomen and children fell to the groundand the street soon became a shambles. The firing was from machineguns controlled by the police, who werein ambush on the roof of the hotel andwho tried to "bring about a wholesaleslaughter of the people."It was astonishing how self possessed the crowd was in the face of thismurderous attack. I saw the soldierswho had not fallen immediately enterthe hotel and make their way to theroof, where they shot the cowardly police, captured the machine guns andbrought them down to the street."Lending Money."And now, my son," said the oldman, "I must give you a bil of partingadvice.""Yes, dad," answered the youngman patiently."Never lend money to a friend.""What, never?""No, never.""But why? Surely some friends arehonest?""Undoubtedly. But if you lend-3 4- -. nm4- t- Vtnnlr irrtll TTTllIlUUUKi uuu uj w fci- " ".-. J"" ""lfa lota ai-oct ' coiJ TVTice Tbe called a tightwad and if you lendmoney and don t try to get it back youwill be called an easy mark." Cleve-Lpi..,,1U.UU. i U" "v""v"Stepniak as Prophet.A correspondent of the ManchesterGuardian in England records an interesting statement made by Stepniak,the great Russian revolutionary, whichis worth quoting. When he first met.Stepniak, in 1SS9, the writer says, heasked what real prospect there was ofany revolution in Russia. The replywas: "A great European war will beour chance. It will show the bureaucracy to be quite incapable of managing the affairs of the nation in a crisis." Efficiency.Efficiency is no new invention; it isas old as intelligence itself. None realize efficiency so completely as thecreative genius our Darwins, Faradays, Edisons and Fords and none socompletely practice and exemplifyworking explosively. Genius itself, weare told, is the capability for takinginfinite pains. William H. Smith inIndustrial ManagementCood Advice."What did the doctor say when Tomtshot off some of his digits fooling witha loaded pistol?""He thoughtfully told him he shouldremember that fingers are good thingsilways to keep on hand."lisco Chronicle.San Fran -Making It Worst.'Did you try counting sheep for your .Insomnia?"-xes, out il uw xuauu "---worse-the sheep 1 reminded me of mybutcher's bill.' Boston Transcript,w.'EBsaigiggjpA,MINUTENESS OP DEATH-DEALINGTUBERCULOSIS GERM.The most common method of infection by tuberculosis grerms is bv dustfrom dried sputum of those who havethe disease, which floats in the airand is breathed into the lungs,though there are other means of infection, such as by milk from tuberculosis cows and meat from animalswho may be infected with the germs.The importance, therefore, of destroying all sputum by burning is thusseen to be imperative. Cups andother receptacles have been made forthe purpose, which are cheap and easily obtainable.Writing of the germs an authority on the treatment of the diseasesays that they are so small that athousand could go through a hole ina paper made with a pin point without touching themselves or the sidesof the hole, so it can be imaginedhow many could find lodgment oneven a small particle of dust flyingthrough the air. No one can tellwhen they may be breathed into hislungs to begin the work of destruction of which they are so capable,unless precautionary means are employed. It therefore, behooves all ofus to use the free blessings of freshair and sunshine, which are enemiesto tuberculosis, germs, while makingthe body strong and resistant. Anumber of pamphlets have been prepared under the direction of the StateTuberculosis Commissioners, treatingupon every phase of the preventionand cure of the disease, which theSecretary, Dr. W. L. Heizer, will sendon application to him at Frankfort.IS feTHE VIRTUES OP SUGAR.Parents are still found who denytheir children candy and even desertat dinner, or "preserves" at othermeals, under the impression thatsuggar should be largely avoided asa harmful palate-tickler in whichthere is no wholesome food. Sciencehas long told a different story, but itis not yet generally known. It is interesting to find that the great warin Europe is bringing to light morefacts attesting the virtues of sugar.The value of candy is said to berecognized by England's military authorities, and the British soldiers inFrance are reported as consuming"prodigious quantities of sweets."According to the Westminister Gazette the British army canteen hasfive times the demand for sweetsthat was expected and one-fifth thedemand for beer. The same authoritynotes that the Australians encampedin Egypt have eaten all the chocolatein Cairo, and adds: "Scientists contend that sugar has much food valueand is a substitute for alcohol.Chocolate, for example, is harmlesslystimuating. Soldiers have discoveredwhat scientists knew before, thatsugar will relieve fatigue quickly andgive a sense of strength that is realwithout the subsequent depressionexperienced by those who use spirits.Sugar and candies are found to beuseful not only to the physically tired, but to those who suffer mental exhaustion." Plainlythe craving for sugar in itsvarious forms is as normal as the desire for any other food, and to satisfy it within reason not only involves no risk, but is an aid towardgood digestion and good health.T5S ISTHE EARLY WORM.There was only one man at theboarding house and there wasn'tmuch of him. But the girls all madea fuss over him, for, after all, hewas a man, asserts the PhiladelphiaRecord. One evening they hadj adance, and our hero engaged himselfto Miss A. for No. 1. Miss A. didntturn up, so he condescendingly suggested that Miss B. might take it on.Just as they commenced to dance,Miss A. entered the room, and hereyes glittered angrily. "I'm afraidy J,I "" ' 'j replied, "another case of the earlyi t 1 X-T XTDira caicning me worm.m IS gBullock Skin Boats.There are few more primitive methods of transportation than those in usetoday by natives of northern India whomake their homes in the vicinity of theswift flowing Sutlej. The boats ofthese aborigines are nothing more orless than bullock skins inflated by thebreath of the natives themselves. Twonatives may be seen hard at work filling the skiiis with air. Having inflatedthem to their satisfaction, they willleap overboard and paddle themselvesacross the river, great skill and strengthbeing necessary to sustain their equilibrium during the passage. But evenshould the -boats overturn they areeasily righted, and the natives arewithout exception expert swimmers.About Fishes.Fish are nearly the same weight asthe water in which they live, so thatthey can move in it with great ease.The majority of them also have an airbladder inside of the body, which enables them to go up or down in thewater at will. When a fish desires togo down deep it can press the air outof this bladder by means of certainniiiofiloa anrt thus inrrpniP thp "OTficrht, of itg hQd and wuen,it wisnes to risej again it takes off the pressure, tbi bladder fills with air again, and itsbody becomes light enough to rise.The straight and narrow path isaii to the good, but you'll find the-. . , . - .,HPTYOUR CORNS. OPP WITHPINGERS.Tells" How to Loosen a Tender' Cornor Callous1 So It Lffts OutWithout Pain., You reckless men and women whoare pestered with corns and whohave at least once a week invited anawful death from lockjaw or bloodpoison are now told by a Cincinnatiauthority to use a drug called Freezone, which the moment a few dropsare applied to any corn or callousthe soreness is relieved and soon theentire corn or callous,-root and all,lifts off with the fingers.Preezone dries the moment it isapplied, and simply shrivels the cornor callous without inflaming or evenirritating the surrounding tissue orskin. A small bottle of Freezone willcost very little at any of the drugstores, but will positively rid one'sfeet of every hard of soft corn orhardened callous. If your druggisthasn't any Freezone he can get it atany wholesale drug house for you.(adv)ls 1 1THREE SWEETEST WORDSWhat are the three sweetest wordsthe world?" asked the Dreacherineloquently in the course of his sermon, without really expecting ananswer. And a blunt business manpromptly spoke up: "Enclosed findcheck." .It startled the minister and amusedthe congregation.fe ?aASK ANYONE WHO HAS USED IT.There are families who always aimto keep a bottle of Chamberlain'sColic and Diarrhoea Remedy in thehouse for use in case it is needed, andfind that it is not only a good investment but saves them no end of suffering. As to its reliability, ask anyone who has used it.(aug-adv)m is PaSTINGINESS AS A LAWYER DESCRIBES IT.A well-known attorney of Louisville has perpetrated a new definition of the "stingiest man."He was telling the other day abouta brother lawyer who had received abig fee in a case, and he remarkedthat his expenses were probablyabout $2.50."Why, that fellow," he continued,"is so stingy he wouldn't give a dimeto see a Ferris wheel fall full ofpreachers."M"?"T,iT"T'M"l''M,'T,'r,1'f'i''T"T'if,,t''I'I"I"i"I"lrt'1l''l''l 1T-M'l"I'i'l"I'l'l'lfrl"rfr1"TflN BROS. BR. MErr. WE CL0SE AT 5 p. m. EXCEPT SATURDAYS AND COURT DAYSONE LOT OFLADIES5SummerHatsGo For50c EachJust Arrived New FallWill 4 1' A1 VWWW"FINAL CUT PRICESON ALL SUMMER GOODSWe Have About 30 GENUINE Palm Beach SuitsAlmost every size in the lot. Values up to $10.00. Take your pick.About 20Unrestricted choice Men's Straw Hats $1.00 75c Sport Shirts 50ct$.All Genuine Panamas $2.75 Odd Palm Beach Coats $2.25Get Our Prices on Articles Not Mentioned Above.Twin Bros. Clothing and7 Shoe Debt.19 Main Street, Paris, Ky.EverybodyKnowsHendricksTelephone 2585 Lexington, Ky.All Metal(Higgins Mfg. Co.)Window ScreensWeather StripsWALGER AWNINGSBest Screen Doors and Windows InThe World.Window and Door Equipments.T. A. HENDRICKSOffice and Residence, 264 Rand AvenueLEXINGTON, KY.A MAN AND HIS WIFELEVY, THE DRY CLEANERCumberland Phone 40PARASOLSALL OURLadies'and Children'sParasolsNow AtHALF PRICEHhHPongee Suits (MostlyWt Givt andS,' f$575S375FAGBMTWmay both derive saiisfactionby having their worn and soiledgarments cleaned by us. Thecost is nominal, while the pie asure of wearing old clothes thathave the appearance of new, inconjunction with the knowledgethat you are effecting a greatving, must surely satisfy you.A phone brings U3.Home Phone 16921 1 imuONE LOT OF LADIES SUMMERWashSkirtsGo At75c EachFelt Hats!t 1111 tit 1 1 ! 1 1 1 1 1 1 J j nLarge Sizes)Rttfeim Blue Trading Stem" - c1ifTX&rII''it iiu-4 AwvViIMbouTeyard. , ' "'vPAGE EIGHTTHE BOURBON, NES, PARIS, KY.I TUESDAY, AUGUST 21, 117.jf.KNO TAXES TO PAY!TO OUR CUSTOMERS:Under the provisions of the recently enacted revenuelaw of the State of Kentucky, this bank has elected to paythe taxes assessed against the deposits of our customerswith us. It will not be necessary for you to make anyreturn of cash on deposit with this bank on the forthcoming assessment blank as of September 1, 1917, as thisbank will pay all taxes.Farmers' Bank, MillersburgW. D. McINTYRE, Bres. SANFORD M. ALLEN, CashiereMILLERSBURG'1 Miss Lillie Letton, of Bethel, isthe guest of Mrs. A. J Shoptaugh.Mrs. D. C. Clarks' has returnedfrom a visit to relatives at Chattanooga, Tenn.Mrs. Anna Jefferson left Fridayfor an extended visit to relatives inMason county.Mr. Hodge has returned to hishome in Georgia, after a visit to Mr.W. D. Mclntyre and family.Little Miss Mary Louise Bonarleft Saturday for a week's visit toMrsr N. P. Rice, at Hutchison.Mr. and Mrs. R. C. Bonar andson, R. C. Bonar, Jr., spent Saturdayand Sunday with relatives at Falmouth. Mr. Willie Stone, of Frankfort,was the guest of his parents, Mr. andMrs. Tom Stone, from Saturday untilMonday.Mr. and Mrs. G. L. Hill and sons,Fred and Earl Hill, and Mrs. Margaret Powell, motored to Lexington,Sunday, and visited Camp Stanley.Mr. Albert Endicott. who has"been in training camp at Atlanta, jGeorgia, was the guest of his parents.Mr. and Mrs. Sam Endicott, for several days last week.Mrs. F. E. Peterson and mother,Mrs. N. P. Rice, of Hutchison, whohave been guests of the former forseveral days, have returned after ashort.vjsit to relatives at Carlisle.Mrs. J. H. Collier, Mr. Elda Collier, and Master James Collier havereturned from Paynes Depot, wherethey have been the guests of Mrs.Griffith and sons for several days.Messrs. Albert and James Hawes,of "Chicago, arrived Saturday asguests of their grandmother, Mrs.America Butler. Mrs. Hawes has beenin the Butler home for the past twoweeks.MATRIMONIAL.im. is EnBIRTHS.To Mr. and Mrs. Thomas B. Brannock, of near Paris, a daughter. Alldoing nicely.Dr. and Mrs. Raymond R. McMillan are receiving congratulationsupon the arrival of a handsome babydaughter at their home on HoustonAvenue. Mrs. McMillan was beforeher marriage Miss Mary Batterton.HHH i 4 i iK'iiim !Have You Thoughtof Your Liver?When you get up with aheavy dull headache and abad taste in your mouth thechances are your liver needscleaning. One of the easiestways to get it into shape isto stir two teaspoonf uls ofLiver Saline into half a glassof cold water and swallowit just before breakfast. Theresult will be a relievedstomach and an active liver.PENSLARLIVER SALINE4 is sold in two sizes, 30c and(50c, and we recommend itin every respect.I BROOKS & SNAPP, DRUG COMPANYThe Penilar Store.4 1 1 it li"H-'H"!''H'M-'COLLIVER SMITH.The following announcementcards have been issued:"Mrs. J. A. Colliver announcesthe marriage of her daughter, DoraEdith, to Mr. Orie Harvey Smith,Thursday, August 16, 1917, Paris,Ky."The young couple had set Saturday, Aug. 18, as the day upon whichthe union of hearts and hands wouldbe cnsummated, but for reasons bestknown to themselves, the marriagedate was moved up to Thursday.Mr. Smith and Miss Colliver wentto the home of Rev. W. E. Ellis, atTenth and Main streets, Thursdayevening, at 7:30, when the ceremonyuniting them for better or worse, wasperformed by Rev. Ellis.in the presence of a few personal friends andrelatives. After the ceremony Mr.and Mrs. Smith left for a short bridaltrip. They will make thei- home inParis.The bride is the daughter of Mrs.J. A. Colliver, and a sister of Mr.C. E. Colliver, of South Main street.She has been for the past few monthsconnected with the Simon Department Store, in (Paris. Mr. Smith isa son of Mr. and Mrs. Wm. Smith,his father being Superintendent ofthe Paris Cemetery. He is a member of the clerical force in theyardmaster's office of the Louisville& Nashville railroad, in the SouthParis yards.Pa fe R3RELIGIOUS.On Sunday, Sept. 2, the last quarterly meeting of the Paris Methodistchurch will be held. Presiding ElderC. F. Oney, of the Frankfort District,will be present as presiding officer.He will also conduct the quarterlycommunion services.Rev. John Christopherson, former pastor of the North MiddletownChristian church, occupied the pulpit of the Paris Christian churchSunday morning. Rev. Christopherson has accepted the pastorate of theChristian church at Williamsburg,Ky. Rev. W. E. Ellis preached at theNorth Middletown church Sundaymorning.It must have been a sense of thefitness of things that led the congregation of the Corinth, Ky., church toemploy Rev.s Sparrow and Canary toconduct a revival there. The religious editor of THE NEWS venturesto suggest the opinion that the reverend gentlemen must be "birds" ina revival.JOE LETCHER IN TRAINING.The United States navy has claimed another Bourbon county boy, Mr.Joseph Letcher, formerly of Paris,who has enlisted in the service atParis Island, South Carolina. Mr.Letcher has been assigned to trainingin the Marine Corps branch of theservice, preparatory to going toFrance.Mr. Letcher is a graduate of theParis High School, having been amember of the graduating class of'14. He spent the following year atTransylvania, and since then hasbeen doing newspaper work in different sections of the country, hislast assignment being with the Columbus, Ohio, Monitor, where he"made good."Pa a teTENANTS' UNION.The regular meeting of the Tenants' Union was held in the Wilsonbuilding at Third and Main, Saturday night. At the conclusion of thebusiness session a social session washeld when short addresses were delivered by Mr. Roscoe Carmichaeland others.Several members rendered a selectprogram of musical and literarynumbers, which was followed by refresments of ice cream and cake.Forty new members were taken inat this meeting.The Union now has a membershipin the county of over seven hundred.Branch unions will be organized inevery precinct in the countyv351352353354355356357358359360361362363364365366367368369370371372373374375376377378SECOND DRAFT CALL.Continued from Page 1.)357 Samuel Dale, MarshalStreet, Paris, Ky.23 Ollie Roe, E. Main,Paris, Ky.1173 Scott Doyle, Paris.Ky.331 H. G. Waller, High,Paris, Ky.1108 Willie Ranson, Claysville, Paris, Ky.492 Albert Patterson,Lylesville, Paris, Ky.1201 Shird Mclntyre, Paris,Ky.565 Herbert Mattox, Millersburg, Ky.800 Charles Robert Mattox,Paris, Ky., R. F. D. 5.1447 Alvin Brannock, Paris,Ky.1049 William Horace Mitchell, Lylesville, Paris.Ky.1442 Woodford Blankenship,Paris, Ky., R. F. D. 6.715 Willie Frank Hamilton, Carlisle, Ky.961 Virgil Harney, Paris,Ky., R. F. D. 2.539 Herman C. Eubank,Millersburg, Ky.349 Robt. Ernest Crombie,552 Eighth St., Paris,Ky.562 Elsie Mitchell, Millersburg, Ky.1407 Arthur Linville, Paris,Ky., R. F. D. 5.501 Will Stanley, Newtown, Paris, Ky.102 Oscar Earl Locklane,1125, Pleasant, Paris,Ky.1411 Quincy Boyd Mahorney, Paris, Ky., R. F.D. 5.875 Allen Jackson, Paris,Ky., R. F. D. 2.714 James Everett Hopkins, Carlisle, Ky.1528 Edward Paul Brannon,Paris, Ky.86 Robert L. Hughes,,Pleasant, Paris, Ky.1024 Dillard H. Fitzpat-rick, Escondida, Ky.1291 Clarence Wm. Rose,Cynthiana, Ky., R. F.D. 7.871 Estill Hatfield, Paris,Ky., R. F. D. 1.LIST AUG. 2 i.father; William Earlywine, wife;Virgil Allen, wife; Walter Minton,wife; Charlie Dwelly, wife; CharlesRogers Johnson, wife and child; CarlHughes, wife and child; RaymondFryman, dependents; William Tobin,wife; James Harding, wife; HarryHill, wife; Lora Gaunce, wife; EarlInsko, wife and child; Samuel Willis,wife; Bennett Taylor, wife and child;John Hutsell, wife and child; RichardBrooks, felon ; Oliver Hazelrigg, wife ;Mack Christopher, wife and child;William Cassady, wife and child;Luther McHargue, wife and child;William E. Mitchell, dependents;George Carter, wife and child; FloydCummins, wife and child; EdwinWoods, mother and sister; Gano Elgin Duncan, wife; James Jackson,wife and child; Charlton McFarland,wife; William Maybrier, wife andchild: Roger C Talbott, wife andchild; Bryan Robbins, mother; RalphMenifee, wife and child; Adam Walling, wife; Christopher Berry, wife;Stanley Vaughn, mother, RowlandCarmichael, wife; James Toohey,wife; Hargis Bonta, wife; StraudieRison, wife; Noah Lee Lykins, wife;Robert Cain, wife and two children;Joe Hedges, wife ; Logan Ayres, wif p ;Tames Laughlin, wife; Ora Rankin,wife; Nathan File, father and mother:William Carmine, wife; Earl Plummer, wife; Theodore Carter, wife.Colonel Webb, wife; Ollie Carter,mother; James Cantrill, wife andchild; Elza Woolsey, wife and child;Leslie Ritchey, wife; Herman McCarty, wife; Henry Gutherie, wifeand two children; Albert H. Ginter,wife; Lucien Terrell, father; Leo McKenney, wife and child; Owen Bonta,wife; Arthur Russell, wife and child;JeiT C. Elgin, mother; Willie D.Smart, wife and child; Lawrie Buckhalter, wife; Harry Linville, wife andComingAttractionsPARIS GRAND AND ALAMOTUESDAYBryant Washburn in'Tilling HisOwn Shoes"a romance of an American in a Turkish Harem.Lots of comedy. Produced by Essany.Helen Holmes in 12thepisode of"The RailroadRaiders"jjWEDNESDAYJoseph M. Schenck presents MissNorma Talmadge in the special feature "The Law ofCompensationby "Wilson Mizer. Produced by Loui3J. Selznick. Alamo in afternoon,Opera House at night. No advancein admission.Alamo at night will be shownHouse Peters and Myrtle Steadman ina powerful society drama"As Men Love"A Paramount picture, also BurtonHolmes Travels.Hours Alamo, 2 to 5:30; Paris Grand,7 to 1 0:30, Admission 5 and 1 Oc.Mattingly, wife and three children;Henry F. Holoway, wife and threechildren; Charles O. Wilmott, wifeand two children; Joe Kelly, wife andchild; Ed McCarthy, wife and child;Omar Roe, wife and two children;Robert McCray, wife and child; OllieSnapp, wife and child; George D.Beasley, wife; Harold Snell, wife andtwo children; Thomas Green, wifeand child ; Harry Smith, wife and twochildren ; James Clay, wife and child ;John Christopher, wife and child;Dave Stephenson, wife and child;Samuel Wagoner, wife and threechildren; James Kenton, mother andsisters; Robert Feddars, wife; OllieBreeze, wife, and James McKee,mother; Marian Shaw, wife; HaroldC. Hill, -wife; James Rankin, wife.379) 1341 Matt Lair. Paris. Kv,'iQfW 1(AO Cow. TV T ,,1,i T:uvj j.v-xo oam u. aj vrnns. rans. mParic TTir T T T 1 l!381) 71 Joe Gaines. Jr.. Clifton.Paris, Ky.382) 1520 John Williams, Paris,Ky.383) 1156 Wm. L. White. Mnir.Ky., R. F. D. 1.384) 1393 Grover Harnmr P.vn-thiana, Ky.. R. F. D. 9.385) 555 LeRov Jones. Paris.Ky., R. F. D. 4.386) 978 Eliiah Rankin. ParisKy., R. F. D. 2.387) 1200 James Irvine. Paris.Ky., R. F. D. 7.388) 506 Rhodes Stanhone. Kentucky Avenue, Paris.Kv.389) 1391 Harvev Hubbard. ParisKy., R. F. D. 5.90) 1272 Eugene Lewis, Paris,Ky., R. F. D. 7.391) 1525 Sandv Warfleld. ParisKy., (in Insane Asylmu)392) 877 Rebert Jones. North I,Middletown. Ky.393) 435 William Williams. 776Connelly, Paris. Ky.394) 681 Walter Irvine Gov. Carlisle, Ky.395) 713 Charlie Everman Hash.North Middletown. Ky.396) 1478 Walker Harris. 26Chappie, Paris, Ky.397) 935 Carlton MavhowAiiWells, Paris, Ky., R. F.D. 2.398) 1121 Georsre O. Blackabv.. Chilesburg, Ky., R. F.D. 1.399) 1150 Russell T. Stenhfins.Muir, Ky., R. F. D. 1.400) 450 Loman S. Barbee. Vir-gina, Paris, Ky.401) 1390 Carl Herrinerton. ParisKy., R. F. D. 5.402) 113 Luther H. MorrisEighth Street, Paris.Kv.403) 1472 Watt Gifford. Paris.Ky., R. F. D. 7.404) 725 Homer Herbert Lowrv.Carlisle, Ky.405) 1004 Aden Botkin. Paris.Ky., R. F. D. 1.406) 1521 Crummell Kiser, Paris,Ky., R. F. D. 6.407) 156 Clyde E. Rowland.Vine, Paris, Ky.408) 1034 Ernest Hutsell. Paris.Ky., R. F. D. 1.409) 808 James Thomas Rankin.Paris, Ky., R. F. D. 2.410) 780 Jesse Grover Fuller.Paris, Ky., R. F. D. 3.411) 1183 Lawson Holman, (inPen.) Paris, Ky.412) 267 Virgil Cooner. 1651High, Paris, Ky.413) 567 Richard S. McDaniel.Millersburg, Ky.414) 1218 Sam Whalen. Paris.Ky.415) 421 Offutt Snears. 722Williams St., Paris.Ky.416) 940 Jesse Bousrhner. Paris.Ky., R. F. D. 2.417) 1232 John Norman Christopher, Paris, Ky. R. F.D. 6.418) 1254 William Hisel. Paris.Ky., R. F. D. 7.419) 169 Morris Stern. 16 Brent.Paris, Ky.420) 436 Estill Willis. 618 Marshall, Paris. Kv.421) 1477 Mark Herrinerton. Paris, Ky.422) 396 Lwrence Lavin. 759Walker, Paris Ky.423) 989 S. Brooks Woodford,Paris, Ky.424) 1304 Montgomery Wilson.Paris, Ky., R. F. D. 7.425) 1107 Roy I. Pepper. Paris.Ky., R. F. D. 1.426) 1270 Homer Leland KennevParis, Ky., R. F. D. 7.427) 862 Clark Fitzpatrick. Paris, Ky., R. F. D. 1.428) 1400 Claude Linville, Paris,Ky. R. F. D. 5.Those Exempted.Following is a list of those ex,empted yesterday: ' ,Woodford Christian, wife; LeonardTl.,1.i.i. .!. 1 l.il J . T - tt..j "jriuni-ctb, vvixe aim unuu ; jeo IT-Utson;I No Taxes To PayI TO OUR CUSTOMERS:Under the provisions of the recently enacted revenue law of the State of Kentucky, this bank has elected to pay the taxes assessed against the deposits of ourcustomers with us. It will not be necessary for you to make any return of cash ondeposit with this bank on the forthcoming assessment blank as of September Is tj1917, as this bank will pay all taxes.Bourbon-Agricultural Bank &Trust Co.iSALEJ& fWrWf ill-LaThe Finest Collection ofSUMMER FOOTWEARAt Prices Lower Than Makers' Cost.Don't Wait! Your Final Opportunity to Buy High GradeMen's, Women's and Children's ShoesAt a Fraction of Original Values!5::i::Ladies' White Sea Island Canvas Boots,$3.50, sa'e price $2.45Ladies' Grey and Champagne Kid Col-onette Pumps, $4.00, sale price. . .$ 1 .95Ladies' White Canvas Colonette Pumps,$2.00, sale price $1.49Ladies' Kid Shoes, button and lace,$4.00, sale price $2.99Ladies' Gun Metal Shoes, broken sizes,$3.00 and $3.50, sale price $1.45Ladies' Patent and Dull Kid StylishPumps, $4.00 and $4.50, sale price $2.95Ladies' Black Kid Low and High HeelPumps, $3.50,' sale price $2.45Ladies' broken size Oxfords and Pumps$3.00, sale price $ .99Men's White Cloth English Oxfords,Walk-Over, $4.50, sale price $3.50Men's Russian Tan Oxfords, Walk-Overand Bostonians, $4.50, sale price.. $3. 49Men's Tan and Gun Metal Oxfords,$3.00, sale price $1.99Men's Patent Colt English Oxfords,$5.00, sale price $3.45Men's Black Kid Oxfords, Walk-Over,$4.50, sale price $3.50Men's Gun Metal, button and lace,$4.00, sale price $2.99Men's Gun Metal Button Shoe, $3.00,salejprice $1.99Boys Misses' and Children's Shoes and Slippers at Clearance Sale PricesCHILDREN'S SANDALS 49c TENNIS 39cNone sent on approval, exchanged or credited. No stamps given during this SaleDAN COHENWhere Beauty and Economy ReignParis' Greatest Shoe Storei j