'k-HK.THE BOURBON NEWSPUBLISHED EVERY TUESDAY AND FRIDAY EN THE YEAR.p ,UTVOLUME XXXVI.PARIS, BOURBON COUNTY, KENTUCKY, FRIDAY, APRIL 13, 1917.v.A GERMAN PLOT TOTHE PANAMATeuton Scheme to Blow Up Ship Loaded WithDynamite at Gatun Dam Frustrated.United States Torpedo Boat Destroyers Capture ShipLoaded With Ammunition Bound For Mexico.NEW YORK, April 12. A Germanplot to cripple the Panama Canal byblowing up a vessel loaded with dynamite at the Gatun locks was disclosed by General George W. "Goethals, builder of the waterway.General Goethals told the membersct the American GeographicaL Societythat shortly after the beginning of theEuropean war he received from Washington a hasty dispatch asking him tolook out for a German vessel, whichwas named. This ship, the messagesaid, was loaded with, high explosives.The vessel arrived at the Atlanticjwrt of the canal and, according toGeneral Goethals, was inspected thoroughly and permitted to pass, withonly an American pilot on board.When the German vessel had proceeded somo distance it was halted by awireless flash to the American pilot.A squad of marines was rushed onhoard, replacing the crew taken offand the boat was guided through, theoriginal crew being permitted on board,again only when the vessel reached thePacific.SAX DIEGO, CAL., April 12. Amunitions-carry ing schooner bound fora Mexican west coast port was firedtipon and captured by two UnitedStates torpedo boat destroyers, it waslearned here from authoritative sources. Five shots were fired at the vessol when it attempted to escape andthe ship was then beached. Severalthousand rounds of rifle and machinogon ammunition were taken aboardthe destroyer and landed at a Pacificcoast portWASHINGTON, April 12. Effortsol the administration to limit the pubplication of facts concerning shipmovements were discussed at a Cabinet meeting and afterward SecretaryDaniels transmitted a request to allnewspapers not to print the arrival ordeparture of any ships in the coastwisaor international trade or of any navalvessel. Previously Mr. Daniel had informed the newspapers that publication of the arrival of merchant ship3tv as not objectionable, but it wasagreed that even this was dangerous.1EXINGTON, KY., April 12. Lexington will be the point of mobilizationton will be the point of mobilizationUor Kentucky troops and probablythose from adjacent States.A dispatch from Washington thUmorning states that the city has beenofficially designated and that the onlyquestion is as to which of two farmsthat have been under considerationTvill be selected.Kentucky now is in the Departmentoi the East and General LeonardWood, its present commander, has approved one of the tracts. May 1, thoState goes into the Central Departjent, General Thomas H. Barry, commanding. General Barry prefers theother camp site. It is believed heretfe&t an agreement on one or the otherwfll be reached speedily.lONDON, April 12. Diplomatic relations between Brazil and Germanvhave been broken off, according to theErening News.Router's Rio Janeiro correspondentalso announces that Brazil has severed relations with Germany. Brazilian interests in Germany will be takeno-s er by Switzerland, the correspondentadds.PETROGRAD, April 12. The Ru3Ban revolution and the entrance of theHnited States into the war followingclosely upon each other, can hardlylail to shake the determination andcourage of the German people, and willundoubtedly bring the end of the warnearer, was the opinion expressed tothe Associated Press by Prof. BorisBakhmetieff, Vice Minister of Tradeand Industry..EL PASO, TEXAS, April 12. Frederick Beuter, acting German Vice Consol in Juarez, has been interned atFt Bliss. He was taken into custodyat' the American end of the International bride. Reuter's home is in ElPaso, and he has been going to Juarefdaily. He was said to have beenearned that he must cease crossing tothe American side.WASHINGTON, April 12. ArmyDailding plans of the administrationare to be supplemented at once by the3tablishment at many points throughout the country of civilian trainingcamps for officers.The great need of the war army tihe raised will be properly equippedrfficera, and to aid in meeting the deand the War Department ha decided,1c adopt the PlatUburg idea on a na-Arramaeawati for the camp are al-CRIPPLECANAL DISCLOSEDready being made, and civilians desirous ot fitting themselves for conimlssiodns in the officers' reserve corpsjmay apply now to departmental commanders for assignment to them. Thenumber of camps to be set up will de'pend on the number of applications rei ceived.MANSFIELD, OHIO, April 10. "If it'were for a German flag I would gladly'give something," John Them, 27 yearsJ old, a naturalized German, said when.asked to make a contribution for a flag'at the Ideal Electric and Manufacturing Company's plant. Them was seized and thrown out ot the building.Later he was told he might salute andkiss the flag as reparation for the in' suit. He apologized for his remark an iJ kissed the flag reverently.NEW YORK, April 12.--A resolution recommending -that the trustcompanies of the nation seek legislation which will permit them to carrytheir gold reserve as deposits wit'iI Federal reserve bands was adoptedunaniomusly by the Executive Committee of the Tiust Company Section ofthe American Bankers' Association ata special meeting here.j The committee's recommendations,if adopted, will do much to strengthenthe credit of the country, according toa statement issued by the committeeas to trust companies, besides having!),000,000,000 in banking resources,hold billions of dollars more in connection with their individual and corporate rights.CHESTER, PA., April 12. Two suspects were arrested in connection withthe explosion. The prisoners are Samuel Cohen, 25 years old, who gave anaddress in -BhHadelpJCafr-tind- hie- 'father, who is described as being between 50 and 55 years old. It is saidthe older man was well suplied withmoney and that neither is an American citizen.Officials asserted that papers foundon one of the men were "incriminating and very important."WASHINGTON, April 12. Tens ofthousands of letters and telegramsfrom every part of the country havepoured into the department of justicein the last few days in response 10the department's request that all government employes and the generalpublic submit information regardingthe activities of foreign agents in thiscountry. The enormous collection ofdata is being tabulated and investigated as rapidly as possible, and to takecare of it additions have been made tothe bureau of investigation.BERNE, April 12. The Americanlfgation has been officially notifiedfrom Vienna that the American embassy staff there, comprising nineteensecretaries and clerks, four women,.wives of attaches, and one child, maybe expected to arrive here Sunday, together with the consular staff at Vienna, Budapest, Carlsbad, Trieste, Prague.and Fiume.! SAN FRANCISCO, April 12. Warning that German submarines are believed to be operating in the Pacificere sent to all steamship captains atsea late to-day by wireless by orderof Lieutenant Commander E. C. Weeds,of the Twelfth naval district, here.The warning said: "Information hasthis day been received that Germansubmarines are operating in the Pacific. Please notify all ships underyour control and ask that they spreadthe warning broadcast."t The locations of the submarineswere not made public.' CINCINNATI, O., April 12. On acharge of denouncing the UnitedStates and shouting "Hoch the Kais-(er!" Edward Jacobs, 41, was sentenced'to thirty days and fined the costs byMunicipal Judge Spiegel. PatrolmanDonlin and others testified that Jacobs created excitement by denouncingFresident Wilson and casting insult onthe flag.I "The United States is in, a state ofwar," said Judge Spiegel. "Now is agood time for foreigners to keep atight mouth."WASHINGTON, April 12. A greatinternational was council is to be heldin the United States in the near future.The State Department confirmed thereport that English and French commissions, headed by former PremiersBalfour and Viviani, are expected herewithin ten days for full discussion ofthe war and American's participationin it.LEXINGTON, KY., April 12. The' James E. Pepper Distillery Companywill make,noore-wkl3key dUring theJjudge c. a. McMillanANNOUNCES CANDIDACY.,TO THE VOTERSCOUNTY:OP BOURBON'! I take this means of announcing toyou that I air a candidate for re-election to the c ffice o Judge of the Bour-,ibon County Court. My present terfh '!as County Judge is my first term and1 may add that it has been customary!iwith Democrats to compliment an offi-cer wim a second term when he ha.s i, endeavored to do his duty the firstterm. This was done with JudgoMatt Turney, Judere Russell Mann.Judge Henry C. Smith and JudgnDenis Dundon. My opponent will no ' Colonel James Madison Arnold, lifedoubt admit this custom as he, him- member of the Chamber of Commerce,self, is now enjoying under this cus- Cincinnati, and veteran of the Confed-ton a second term as County Attorney, erate army, and a native of Bourbonwhich was conceded him without op county, died of apoplexy at noonposition. Such endorsement the sec- Wednesday, at his residence, 525 Gar-(ond term of office I likewise ask at rard avenue, Covington. He wasI the hands of the people of Bourbon stricken at G o'clock when in a bath-Count3' J room, where he was found by a mem-i If I am re-elected the public will, ber of his family.have a continuation of the faithful Colonel Arnold was widely knownand efficient services of my appointee, .throughout Kentucky. Pie was born inMr. Ben F. Bedford, Jr., as Road En -gineer, and also the capable and politeocivij, in my omce ot miss uraee, frightened residents of Covington in'Haskins. .1862 when orders were received to J' If re-elected, I shall continue, as' take flinoiminti. t-Tp. was tlipn ThirstIti tin rv tvi ? 4- 4-. A S a"."""fa " -,1L "". " uevote mytime to the duties of the office without.attempting to practicelaw at the.same time.The intimate knowledgeof the many; titat State seceded, and followed his 5things that pertain to this office, in- state in the war. First as a private, geluding the turnpike work, I have ac-(he Brogressed to a Captaincy. His ISquired during my present term, make fiist engagement was at Shiloh, and .12me more serviceable to the county the joining Smith, took part in the battlenext term, submit that it would re- af Perryville, Ky., which was lost to! Jdound to the best interest of the coun-1 them. He v. as 'wounded seven times,ty for the udrk I have set on foot;and was captured in the battle at Jduring this term to be continued I Aransas pass in '65. Only a few days ;uirougji anomer term. My opponentnao puuu&iiuu uiul lie is not on anyslate of line-up or a member of any faction. I do not suppose he means tosay he is the only candidate so situated, though some might give his cardthat construction. For the benefit ofouu' l "" u-v cuat am JUbt- Ub ireeas he is from the objectionableoitnli 1 ?11 -- IKaI T . ..i. ethings he mentions, and if re-elected J, rl7 - oes' i Propose to giverrr i T7 appointed by Governor A. O. Stanley,Lir.f me enerff3 the Trustee of the Confederate Home atduties of the office. To personally see ,r . t-. itv.of fnntfc.m ; i 1."rt"J' ac- Pewee Vallev, Ky. For many years hethat no. favoritism is shown m award- ,, A. -vr Jl t i?o- tt i t. ! Uias President of the Newport Board, mg contracts, to also see that the sfifo-i . t-. , , i .x.',,, Sanat' ,,; . . .. , of Education, one of the schools be-pikes receive their just proportion of , , ',. Unrtnr.the money expended in improvements(it is possible for thfs to be done atthis time, as during my present termI have caused all of the main turnpikesto be put in good order and at thistime I have secured sufficient machin-,ery to repair the side pikes) and toimnnrHniiv fnUTifniw ,i niimpartially, faithfully and efficientlv'enforce the law and in all matters togive you the best service within meI will make you no promises which Iknow I cannot fulfill, only to obtainyour votes." This I have done in thopast and expect, if re-elected, to con -tinue doing. ' 'i During my present term we have re -constructed most of the main turn-pikes of the county, erected sixteenconcrete bridges that are permanentand will never have to be reconstruct -ed, and have also secured an un - to -date construction outfit, together withtwo large road trucks for the reDair-ing of turnpikes and have the same in ton tllis morning, accompanied by a Mr. Hutchcraft deals with the cornoperation every day at the least possi- deputation from the Cincinnati Cham- missions made by operators orpari-mu-.blecost to the county. jber of Commerce and other organiza- tuels machines. Under its provisionsIf you feel that I have made youa competent official and am entitledI X XI- J . . ..--, iu uie endorsement i seek, 1 will bevery grateful for your surrportIt remains without saying that Ihave always been and will continueto be a good Democrat, and have Turney, Sr., T. C. Parrish, Dr. C. G. license is increased from ?10 for twengiven my time, my money and all that Daugherty, James McDonald, Charles ty-five rooms or, more to ?15 for eachis within me in support of our party Meng and Gano Hildreth. The burial twenty-five rooms. Other increases inand will always continue 'to do so. 'will follow on the family lot in. the this bill are made on oil and petroleumAs soon as the duties of my office Paris Cemetery. Isold in wagons, the peddlers' tax, thepermit, I will make a personal and At the grave in the Paris Cemetery hack line tax, the soda fountain tax,h6use to house canvass in order that I the committal services will be in theatres and automobile nd repairmignt see you each in person and askror your support, which I now takethis means of asking.C. AMcMillan.All good Americans in Bourbonshould attend the patriotic mass meeting at the court house to-morrow at2: 00 p. m.FLAG STAFF IN POSITION.Mr. John Merringer and assistantsyesterday afternoon placed in positionon the court house the big 28-footsteel flag staff, from which will floatthe American flag, donated tothecounty by the patriotic Jewish, citizensof Paris. The emhlom nf liWtir wtiiof Paris. The emblem of lihrtv will'occupy a conspicious position on the.apex of the roof over the main en-trance,All good Americans inBourbonshould attend the patriotic mass meeting at the court house to-morrow2: 00 p. m.a i.war and has tendered the use of theentire Pepper distilling plant to thecrnvernmonf. fnr nco in fVia w.n..pnf.ure of alcohol or munitions products,i Matt S. Walton, local attorney forthe company, received notices from theofficers of the company in Chicago.that because of the present war andshortage of grain the order had beenissued to co-operate in .the nation-wide efforts to censerre the grain vsup-uly of the country for food.COL. JAMES M.ARNOLD ANSWERSDEATH SUMMONSProminent Ex - Bourbonite-. , .LrieS DUuQenly in LlllCin-LnatiBurialorning.ParisinThiiS' Paris, Ky., in 1840. He was one nf,JGeneral Kirby Smith's army, which 1 5Plieutenant of E Company, First Arkan-1sas InfantryHe was educated in Covington andCincinnati. lie was in Arkansas when .;ag0f wlien serving on a jury in the Federal Court, he spokeOfthe presentconditions, saying:"The exConfederate soldier ismost loyal American.' 'theColonel Arnold also was Captain of!Company, Carlton's Cavalry. Cleburn's brigade, and at the time of his,iQm?a o ,.?o,i;Q,. r?i tt:iConfederate Veterans, on General Ben -viviiiis)- it. uii(uuici u&uciai ui umicunet young's staff. Recently he was,1,I For a score ofyears he was an offi-cjiu ul tuts oiiiuiuuuLi ouuuiciu nuu-road Company until he was retired bythat company.Colonel Arnold was an excellent""-"." a .pageants in Covington upon his blackcharger with snow-white saddle, bridleand martingales, and often made Dec-,and martingales, and often made Dec -eiatl0n Day addresses at the graves ofConfederate soldiers in Kentucky.! Colonel Arnold was a brother of0101161 Brenc Arnold, Superintendent'of Cincinnati Terminals of the L. and'N an4 General Freight Agent of Ken-tucky division of the same road.' He is survived Dy nis widow, EleanorHart Talbott Arnold, Miss Lucy Brent,! Sophie Hart, G. T., E. C. and J. M. A.iArnol(i -Tne body oC Co1- Arn'0ld will arriveon tne 9:45 L. & N. train from Coving -tions. It will be taken directly to St.Peter's Episcopal church, where ser-I .... 1. Jl J.-J1 T- -Iuceb will be conducted by Rev. Geo.H. Harris.The pall-bearers will be:J. Harry' Holt. Cant James R. Rogers, Amoscharge of John H. Morgan Camp, Unit-ed Confederate Veterans, of Bourboncounty.MANHATTAN HEADQUARTERSHere you'll find every good and nob-1by patterns iii Manhattan shirts,$1.75 up. ,J. W. UAV1S to UU.MEETING OF MINISTERS'ASSOCIATION IN LEXINGTONAt the annual meeting .of the Central Kentucky Ministerial Associationri thfi niirtatian f!hnreh. held at theCentral Christian Church, in Lexing-vcutlt" Jton whichl0n wnic& was attenuea Dy iorty-uireeministers representing practically allof the Christian churches of the Blue-grass, the following were elected toserve for the ensuing year.: President,Rev. E. B. Bourland, of Carlisle; vicepresident, Rev. E. T. Edmunds, of Lex-ington; secretary and treasurer, Rev.R. J. Ramber, Versailles, re-elected.m The members of the program committee, whose duty it will be to prepare the programs for the monthlymeetings of the association for thei,a.n -t,rjn v. mcmA f Vi fllnw iing ministers: Rev. Mark Collis, ofLexington; Rev. J. H. MacNeill, Win-Chester, and Prof. A. W. Fortune, ofLexington.All good Americans in Bourbonshould-attend the natrioticf mass meet-ing at the court" house to-morrow at2: 00 p.-m7 v- " " : '-ME KNOW HOWettietooare the best high grade shoes made in the United States.If you have never worn Nettleton Shoes you cannot appreciate what a splendid shoe they are. When other factories try to lower the price by cheapening the quality,the Nettleton Shoe remains the same dependable qualitythat has made them famous the country over. Our stockof Nettleton Shoes for Spring in Black Vici Kids, BlackChrome Calf and Light Weight Tan Russia Calf HighShoes and Oxfords you will find in all sizes and styles.Nettleton Shoes'Will Cost You $8.00 and $8.50but the price is in keeping with the fine quality that theyare. We 'would advise you to buy your shoes now, as allgrades of leather is advancing beyond the retailers expectations and this Fall shoes will be considerably higher.9mSECTIOVAL VIEW SHOWINGPlL BER CUSHION jjBr. A. READ'S CUSHION SHOE(r.TENTD)J ?. Smith Shos Company, MakersDr. Reed's Cushion Sole ShoesYou all know they are one of the old land marks of Paris.Many a man who suffered with aching feet has been madehappy and comfortable by following Dr. Reed's adviceand wearing the soft cushion-sole shoe which bears hisname.Price $7.00 and $7.50I w91 2iJ8mZilMitchell &iC991G112LS INTRODUCED BYREPRESENTATIVE HUTCHCRAFTj Three important revenue-producingbills were introduced in the House atFrankfort, Tuesday, by RepresentativeReuben B. Hutchcraft, of Paris, HouseBill No. 5S, the first bill introducedby Representative Hutchcraft, is an ex-cise tax bill levying a tax of one cent'on each thousand feet of gas producedan d tax ot three per cent, of the saleprice of oil produced. Provisions for ajtax on cigars, soft drinks and patentImedicines were also contained in themeasure. IJ The second measure introduced byioans and Discounts $743,367.37operators of these machines may de-duct six per cent, from the commis-' i i 1 ---Asions, two per cent of which is to gonto the State Treasury.In the third measure increases ofpresent taxes are set out The hotelshops.Tears shed upon a coffin will notblot out the stains that may have beenicast in life upon the stilled heartwithin It.f19001917CONDITION OFFarmers BankMillersburg, Kentucky, at close ofbusiness April 10, 1917, called by Hon.G. G. Speer, Banking Commissioner ofKentucky:RESOURCES't. nTiQ S178.290.6i)overchecks 2,143.43Banking House 7,000.00.Cash and due from banks.. 137,783.34Total ?325.217.78LIABILITIESS5i o'nnV 30 000 00gXlus Fund '".'.'.'.'. 16M0A2Due to banks ......... 2!23439iTotal 1325,217.78We pay 3 per cent on time deposits.V SANFORD ALEW,. .Cashier.Fine ShoesCONSTRUCTION OF 30L2BlakemoreREPORT .OF .THE .CONDITIONOF THEPeoples Deposit Bank& Trust Co.Doing business at the town of Paris,County of Bourbon, State of- Kentucky, at the close of business on lOtkaay or April. iyi i : s tRESOURCES.Overdrafts secured andunsecured 8,090.40btocKs, bonds and other se-mirfHoo m rT,ue from -DanVq 9ie997nJ Cash on hand "" 2E22'ftiI - - -.-.-Checks and other cashitems 10,52.3Banking House, Furnitureand Fixtures 18,500.00Other Real Estate .ftOther assets not includedunder any of the aboveneads :$1,086,202.61LIABILITIES t .,Capital Stock paid in, incash $150,000 00Surplus Fund 97,500.00uiiuivuieu fronts, less expense and taxes paid . . .Deposits sub-,ject to check. S767.655.628,252.1Certificates of rDeposit .. .. 58,001.72'Cashier's pChecks Outstanding.... 610.00 .826;2$7:34Due Banks and TrustCompanies 4,183 .16Notes and Bills Rediscount-edUnpaid DividendsReserved for taxesBills PayableOther Liabilities not included under any of the aboveheads.ftHSl,0&6,2t2.MSTATE OF KENTUCKY.County of Bourbon Set..We, S. E. Bedford 'and C. K.Thomas, President and Cashier of theabove named Bank, do solacnmlyswear that the above stateMsat istrue to the best of our knowledge aa4 ,belief. .S. E. BEDFORD, PresidedC. K. THOMAS, ( Cashier.Subscribed and sworn to before methis 12th day or April, 117.NJSLLm TAKKMLL,Notary Public Bovrbo Camtj.My- ComHlMkm expires Jaimary ,124.iTHE BOURSBON NEWS, PARIS, KY.AGE TWOFRIDAY, APRIIi 13, U17.WrT..ilfegThe Bourbon News"teblished 1881 35 Years of Continuous Publication..grow, and in 'the end there would be alarge "chance for expansion.If American business men have a Jfault as a class, it is the desire for(quick returns. They are not over cau- jm ihi limtions about new ventures. They rarelyi&'bUshed Every Tuesday and Friday.?r Year... $2.00 Six Months...? LOOPayable in Advance.SWIFT CHAMP, Editor and Owner.'say, "A bird in the hand is worth twoj birds in the bush to-morrow." They'hate to wait for results, and prefer tobuild for to-day rather than for next.year. International currents of tradeare not built up in that way.Mlmirai'r.fi r is" .".LdEEPP ,LnAny erroneous reflection upon the ; EDISON CAREFULLYcharacter, standing or reputation ofany person, firm or corporation whichay appear in the columns of THEBOURBON NEWS will be gladly corGUARDED WHILE AT WORKSomewhere ori the seaboard, guard-rented if brought to attention of the,ed froin 'Prf.inf e-ves- Tllmas A; Edi"ditor. son and a little group of super-mven-jtors are working ceaslessly plotting" " 'Germany's downfall.I Every facility and assistance whichjthe government departments can provide is being furnished them in unstinted lot.I Naval officers are constantly in attendance to lend their expert experience in making practical the coming( inventions.Just what the brain children arejust how far they will upset all past; methods of warfare and just how farjthe German government will come tofear this little group of workers, is yetto be revealed.Other than a small inner circle of.government experts their activitiesarc known to no one. But since it isadmitted this government is novI briefly concerned in combatting submarines, it is taken for granted thatsome submarine panacea is receivingmost thought.ADVERTISING RATESDisplay Advertisements, $1.00 perInch for first time; 50 cents per incheach subsequent insertion.Reading Notices, 10 cents per lineiBOURBON FARMING CONDITIONS.each issue; reading notices in blacktype, 20 cents per line, each issue.April promises to be a veryCards of thanks, calls on candi- hllsv m,,fh for Hie farmers of Bourdates, obituaries and resolutions, and . count as lantIng and othersimilar matter, 10 cents per line. , .. ? , ..Specfal rates for large advertise-! suall' accomplished earlier inments and yearly contracts. jtne season have been greatly retardedThe right of publisher is reserved i&y tne untavorame weatner conuiuons.to decline any advertisement or othermatter for publication.Announcements for political officesmust invariably be accompanied bythe cash.The farmers have tan:en advantageof every day that has been at all suitable for preparing the ground fo'planting corn, burning beds for tobacco and for gardening.Larger crops -of all commodities will;bc cultivated this year, as the war willEDITORIAL MUSINGS.The Town Beautiful Movement.Ir.turally create a demand for every-I thing that can be produced.Wheat and rye have been badly injured by the winter freezes and thawsand some of the farmers have beenSome one remarked the other day i"""i5 "i' -"" "Iua a"" "'iyen a certain proposal of local im-em with other cr0DS: Pastures areMovement was beinc discussed, that ! looking very wen, anu it is nopeu tua-"Beauty is a luxury. We can't afford .the feeding season for livestock isiV Was he right? 'about over, and that there will soonHere is one plain fact, and any jbc. plenty of pasturage for them again.feXRerienced real estate man can verify . Stock is looking well and seem to- -K from his own observation. Take a have come through the winter in fairlystreet of plain, simple houses, with nc good shape.attempt whatever at ornamentation ofxnj kind, just naked wood, bricks andcement. Suppose some morning thisspring the residents should get together and decide that the street lookon" too bare and commonplace.Suppose they all agree to spend $50to planting shrubs and trees, gradingand sowing grass seed. Let them alsoGardens will be more popular thisseason that ever before, and considerable work in that line has already beendone. Many farmers are planning toraise larger crops of onions, potatoesand other vegetables that have increased so in price in the local markets"R ool is bringing the best prices in thex tn Rnpnci n fpu- hours fl. wppV fn markets that the farmers have everkeeping the place neat and in planting ,nad- Corn and ha' are retailing atand tending flowers record prices anu iooa prices are suaWhat would be the effect? Com-j soaringDlete results of course would not sho vthe first year. The second season thehard angles between earth and walls jvold be softene'l by a nest of flower-!5ng shrubbery. In a few years more. !HURRAH FOR LODGE!Hie young trees, oarticularly if wellselected with scm quick growers,would provide some shade and screen.The selling pricevould pick up as soon as the shrubsgot started. When the trees got a lit-Good for Senator Henry CabofLodge. He is an American, every inchof him, and we can forgive all hi?political partisanship for that straightright from the shoulder that flooredof those places . : . . .- iur t,,i, . rebuke mm lor standing Dy nis country. If there is treason and disloyHe bigger, "the whole character of that U me parts of New England,street would have changed.It wouldthere is nothing but robu-.t Amerii mmmS nUMi(- V- TMncf flicHnmiichoritggest culture, care, refinement. "te" :!:" i , , , .People from other districts would look J ma V" New England now has intl it longingly and would snap up!the Congress of the United States.T fhS; ffrvl , GOODNESS GRACIOUS, WHAT1bat cost $3,000 would be likely to sell, WILL HAPPEN NEXT?for $3,500 to $4,000, because of the rep-'station and desirability of the neigh- A u,uit of $7 has been fixed as tllcVoriiood for residence. jcost of the materiai in any dress to bePeople who say that beauty is awom bv rl members of the 1917texixy know very little about human Bvansvjlle (Indiana) High School classjatare or business. A beautified neigh- at commencement The young womenfeorhood is accepted as a sign of aat a meeting decided to practice stricttefeher scale of living. People feeI,ecouomv in graduation dress. After. in. moving mto it uiey are im.fixi a limit of 7 for dress they deroving social station, not to speak ofIhe pleasure to the eye which beautyalways gives.Commercial Preparedness.cided that none of them should receive flowers at the exercises. None' of the girls will wear an evening dress;to the senior reception.3uch is being said on the above sub-j JACK LONDON'S LAST STORY.Jed, with reference to the end of the jtyxr. Commercial Preparedness is to , The last story Jack London evebe the slogan of the National ForeignTrade Association, meeting at Newjitan. It is a story with a gripping inOrleans soon. Business men are ad-wrote has been secured for Cosmopol-terest throughout "Michael, Brotheraonished to look alive, or they will of Jerry," is the name of this corkinglose trade as the result of European . dog-hero story. Unlike most of Jackpressure for business after the war. London's stories which have their setMuch of this talk, of course, is. tings in the bleak North country"bringing coals to Newcastle." Amer-j "Michael, Brother of Jerry," is set inScan business men have always set up the South Sea Isles place of cruel ad&WflUlous oai!ic?s Answer"Is my product right?" asks the manufacturer;"the most efficient, enduring construction?""made of the best materials?""by the most skillful workmen?" .And the public gives the answer through sales.The motoring public has given the answer toUnited States Tires through salessales increases which are big continuously bigand growing bigger;so big, in fact, that they are growing even fasterthan the amazing growth of the automobile industry.That's the motoring public's answerthat United States Tires all five types give.-tfesupreme service.A Tire for EveryNeed of Price andUse'Nobby' 'Chain'-. 'Royal Cord''Usco''Plain'United States Tires$od TiresUnited States Tubesand Tire AccessoriesHave All the SterlingWorth and Wear thaiMake United StatesTires Supreme.iVMJ,uiiUummhtiim-mwUnited States Tires are carried by the following Sales and Service Depots who can tell you which of the fivetypes of United States Tires exactly suit your needs : MILLERSBURG GARAGE, MILLERSBURG, KY.TWENTY-FIVE-YEAR-OLDLAYS EGG A DAY.gSi!I)lJ!llgliiiiijiJiiiSJiliJiiSijilHlliiiiiilllllllllllmsmEhvood Harris, of Franklin, Ky., isthe owner of what is possibly the oldest hen in Kentucky, if not the world.The hen was hatched with a broodtwenty-five years ago and began layingearly as a pullet. Throughout a quarter of a century she has laid an eggdaily in the season when not engagedin setting or rearing a brood. Except for stiffness incident to age sheshows no evidence of decline and laysan egg a day., -&ailghts thinking how they could attainsetter commercal preparedness. Thafegility with which they chase the dollars is the marvel of the world. Theywill have any trade lying in sight thatis not tied down by conditions beyondtheir ability to meetSome progress has been made sincethe "war began, in the effort to captve South American trade. Some busiwecs men. think they can get it merelyVy sending out salesmen from thisOMrtxy, who may or may not be ableto peak the language. It's slower-Kork than that.To get that business, the chancesare that a good many of our peopleirfli bare to take up their residence inSouth America. To build up a trade,tktay must know tha field and the peoj4e intimately, understand economiccoaidtion and the custom of the peop)t. For-the first five years a representative would scarcely pay for hissalt. Gradually commercial ties wouldventure. You'll be interested inMichael's wonderful adventures andhe will find a place in your heart.SAFE MEDICINE FOR CHILDREN."Is it safe?" is the first question tobe considered when buying coughmedicine for children. Chamberlain'sCough Remedy has long been a favorite with mothers of young children asit contains no opium or other narcotic,and may begiven to a child as confidently as to an adult. It is pleasantto take, too, which is of great importance when a medicine must be givento young children. This remedy ismost effectual in relieving coughs,colds and croup. Obtainable everywhere. (april-adv)There is more than a suspicion thatthe Missouri mule will shortly comeinto his own.'mr,FarmerThis is the time of ryearto give stock a tonic. Isell the best p-SalvetStock and PoultryTonic.W. C: D.0DS0N 'r-f?rI! are made exclusively for1 medium and full figuresjgjj Rengo Belt Corsets are not intended fors slender women they are strong, sturdy cor-H sets for medium and stout women, rein-ss forced by a specially designed and exclusivebs Xerigo Belt feature for straightening thesgg abdominal line.In every other respect these famous corsetss: are ideal for reducing because of their perfectgg lines and absolute strength. Rengo Belt: Corsets cannot be stretched out of shape orbroken, no matter what amount of wearingjj stress is put upon them by heavy figures.They will mould to their own beautiful linesbecause they are stronger than any figure,yet pliable and comfortable because they havezs no "fixings" or "trappings" of any kindnothing to indicate that they are specially2 uiuli uulcu js-eaucing corsets, unless you5 understand the scientific tailoring of thes design itself.5 All models are boned throughout with double watch-spring steels, and some are fitted with "silastic" webbinginserts, for more active freedom.For Sale by FRANK & CO.HTininnmmtTinnninmmflBmHiSTEELASTIC ' tf KWEBBING A I"" I f fc-i i Mi;ffff..l'--iRENGOBELTFEATUREPRICES$2.ft, $3.ffml$5.IHHHIIillillllllllllllllllHIMIMiiimitHiini9fIMDAY, APRIL 13, 1917.THE BOURBON NEWS, PARIS, KY,PAGETHRMPgyJT "PERFECT GUWyta gSBnBSBBBvBHBPSOCIAL AND PERSONAL,.Coming and Goings of OurPeople Here, There andElsewhere.-Mrs. J. S. Wilson has returnedsharp, stabbing pains. fiinitimiiiMMimimiiiini'nimiiimmiiiiiiOften Tell of Weak Kidneys A ParisResident Shows You WhatTo Do.The sharp twinge of pain in thiirom a visit at Dry Ridge, in Grant bma11 or the back that strikes yoacounty. a"er any sudden twist or awkwardMrs. Davis Stevens is a guest of motion, may tell of weak kidneys.Mrs. Mary McLoney, in Harrison And there are often disturbances ofC!at;s qhw -n,,. it. , the urine too frequent urination,froisTK J?f bSK llT,fC bT'D1 PaiQ ,dUriD,? PaSMt. Sterling "-sage, discolored urine and sedimentMisses Nell Ferguson and Mary I Dan Kney Pills are prepared esTurner have returned from a visit to FecIally for weakened kidneys, kidneyfriends in Lexington. backache and urinary disorders haveCircuit Court Clerk Win. H. WebbWolf, Wile & Co.Lexington, Kentucky'WRAPPEDINrfTi 1 4T 733Chew Staffer every mealtIRLSl GIRLS! TRY IT!STOP DANDRUFF ANDBEAUTIFY YOUR HAIRHairStopB Falling Out andThick, Wavy, Strong andBeautiful.GetsIF YOU THINK YOUWORK HARD READ THISYoar hair becomes light wavy,fluffy, abundant and appears asi soft,lustrous and beautiful as a younggirl's after a "Danderine hair cleanse."Just try this moisten a cloth with alittle Danderine and carefully drawIf you think you are overworked,read what this writer in Farm andFireside has to say about his job on afarm, although if it were typical, no-,body would be left in the pursuit ofagriculture:"On May 1, my wife, boy and Imoved on to a ranch. I was told thatmy work would consist in taking careof six head of mules, pne buggy horse.,milk the cow, get in some wood at theowner's house, and put in nine hoursin the field at work.has returned from a business trip toLouisville and Cincinnati.Mrs. Oliver Mann, of Cincinnati, isa guest of her parents, Mr. and Mrs.Carter N. Martin, in Paris.Mrs. Clyde Huffman, who has beenvery ill at her home on Fifteenth Jstreet, is improving rapidly. iMr. and Mrs. L. H. Reynolds, ofWinchester, are visiting Mr. I. T. Reynolds, near North Middletown.Mrs. Sidney Ardery, Jr., is visitiner friends and relatives at her oldhome in South Charleston, Ohio.Miss Henrietta Rogers has returned to her home in Danville aftera visit to Miss Margaret Ardery, inParis.Mrs. Hugh Brent has returnedfrom Atlanta, Ga., where she has beenlf t1l& Viorlafrln nf lion VinnMini "F. I?.Miss Lucy Simms, of Paris, whorecently underwent an operation at theCood Samaritan Hospital, in Lexingtouis greatly improved.Mr. Frank P. Kiser, of E. F.Spears & Sons, returned Tuesday froma sojourn at West Baden Springs,West Baden, Indiana.Mr. Colliver C. Dawes, of the Y. M.C. A., was a guest several days thisweek of his parents, Rev. and Mrs. B.A Dawes, in Georgetown.Misses Genevieve Molloy andNeida Rasco and Mr. Edward Stoll, ofLexington, were recent guests of Mr.Charlton Clay, at "Marchmont," nearFaris.Miss Edith Stivers, who is a member of the Newport High School faculty, was a guest this week of her parents, Mr. and Mrs. J. H. Stivers, onCypress stroet.Mrs. Alice Fisher, of Carlisle, wa3a guest several days this week of hersister, Mrs. Mayme Remington, andher brothers, Messrs. Frank and William Remington.Mr. Oscar Johnson, who has beenunder treatment in the Massie Memorial Hospital, in this city, for severalweeks, has recovered sufficiently to return to his home in Winchester.The little daughter of Mr. and Mrs.Samuel Neely, of Cape Girardeark,Mo., is ill with measles at the home ofMr. W. R. Blakemore on East Eighthstreet, where her parents are visitingMiss Stella Cook, of Cynthianais a guest of her sister, Mrs. E. C.Cleveland, near Paris. Miss Cook and5her mother, and brother, have beenspending the winter at Daytona Beach,Florida.Mrs. Harry S. Hill has returnedfiom St. Petersburg, Florida, wheroshe spent the winter. Mrs. Hill reported the Paris people still in St. Petersburg as having greatly enjoyedtheir stay.Messrs. Paul Brannon, Paul Marthews, Louis Margolen and Carl Mitchell left Wednesday morning for Albe.Tta, Canada, where they will spendthe summer and fall on E. F. Spears& Sons' big wheat and flax ranche.Rudolph Davis, Leer Stout, Wm.Shire, John McCarthy, Charles McCar-Ussery attendedproven their merit in thousands ofcases. Doan's are endorsed throughout the civilized world are recommended by Paris residents.Chas. Stewart, tinsmith, LillestonAvenue, Paris, says: "I had three orfour attacks of lumbaeo in the nnsfjffw years, the first being the worst.My back was a dull, constant ache allthe time and often sharp, cuttingI pains darted through it. Sometimes,I thought I could hardly endure thomisery. Doctors' medicine was of noI avail and somehow I got hold of Doan'r.Kidney Pills, procuring them from theArdery Drug Co. The first box helpedme and I continued taking them untilcured of the attacks. Return spellssince then have always been slight,and Doan's Kidney Pills have neverfailed to relieve me."Price 50c, at all dealers. Don'tsimply ask for a kidney remedy getDoan's Kidney Pills the same thatMr. Stewart had. Foster-Milburn Co,Props., Buffalo, N. Y. (adv)CROSS ANDES IN THE AIR.The mighty Andean mountain rangeof South America, the highest in thewestern hemisphere, has just beencrossed by aeronauts for the first time.The feat was accomplished by twmen in a balloon. The areonauts leftSantiago, Chile, on the Pacific sideand descended five hours later in Mendoza, on the eastern slope of the range,in the Argentine Republic. They reported a very difficult trip, and hadto rise to a great height to catch afivorable air-current. So far theAnden have not been crossed by aer-op.'ane.The French army is adopting steeltires In preference to rubber for itsautomobiles and is equipping themwith sand boxes like locomotives toaid the traction in slippery places.Smart CurtainsFor Limited Incomes.In your search for novel and decorative effectsfor Dnor and Window Curtains, Overhangings andFurniture Coverings, do not overlook our large andattractive display in our Drapery Department.ItCretonnesContinued for one weekspecially priced Cretonnesat19c 29c and 39c a Yard.New designs and splendidvalues. Take a look atthese and convince yourselfhow economically you canadd to the decoration ofyour home.MarquisettesThis week's special 40inch Marquisettes, sheer,soft finish and durablequality, splendidly mercerized, colors white, creamand brown.Special Price21c a YardRIBBON MDGED SCRIM36 Inches, White and Cream, at13 l-2c a YardSilks For Lamp Shadesand CurtainsOne of the most attractivesilks shown to-day is Amazon in reproduction of Indian hand block painting.Colors are unusually a richand lend themselves toLiving, Dining and Drawing Rooms.Let Us Give You an Estimate on Your Furniture Covering.Slip covers protect the furniture from the glare anddust of Spring and Summer.A comprehensive and suitable line of art and plainticking, linens and cretonnes always in stock touse for furniture covers.Orinoka Guaranteed Sunfast Draperies andUpholsteries. Iet Us Show Them to You.ANNOUNCEMENT."Well. I found that I was expected-u j v.-v i,j j n i inn tljv and Dr. TiV. Git through your hair, taking one small - seven o'clock (one field !tiie Peine & of the 1917 baseba11strand at a time. This will cleanse Promptly at seven o clock tone neia afc CIncinnatl Tuesday, be-ihe hair of dust, dirt and excessive ""'" "" A " "" "vu ""warn), a tup tut; icaui ui iwcuc, uin.ythem to water, half a mile from thewagon, feed them, cat a cold dinnerand St. Louisoil and in just a few momonts youhave doubled the beauty of your hair.. r. . Jxcl xm .,. winter or summer, and be hitched upA VsASVBUTCb kUUlMl Yt 111 aUOlgUlCUand Invigorates theostrvntnv ifnhirytr find flHnf" hnfrBut Trimt will mease you most will mules awa5 spUtr 1h k a , a An cy1U uuo naiALLOu, wui;teen the Cincinnatiteams.Miss Alice Rogers Clay, accompanied by her mother, Mrs. May Stoner Clay, and Mrs. Ida HamilstonStoner, left yesterday for Chevy ChaseWashington. Miss Clay will 30m tin-r.r.A-rr 4 mntrn O " Q '! rvvlr TU7r,Tr MM.scalp, forever u " , "I! r.T. "T ""TV."ii ii vm Mr uh ill ill iniiinn. uul Liin,... ,, ... w , - nit lrmi T-,..4. ..Ut.li In,- fvv- ua mnro uins xnuiuu y muvaiiiiyincuc, wuauu iw ,, url run In connection with the school ati. .. , rnr nniri-' nao. toVi.oti trmi " v, - -y o w- ,. ninn wovoM 1 minnrAn vniin?rwill actually see new hair fine and chmika of oak wo? fPr ? J1"?8 ladies are in training there and are pre-nwnv at flrfit VGS but reaUV ne-.V """" -" -o- -- jnuB w uu viii ui v,au ui uuD 64.Z, , , "i tp all the stoves, milk the cow ana aHair growing al over tie , ato . K heier, feed 3ic Head of mules,yow care tor pretty soft bur and lot. water about 75 rdsof Jt surely get a 25-cent bottle of ate.Knowlton's Danderine from any drug- " r """ " . ' v- .Uy lUtUli. lAJl CfcXA U1C OMAO, Ottfc lJ uisper, and if there was any time left toget any sleep, well and good"Xiat or toilet counter, and just try it.(adv)international conflict to protect thehonor of the Stars and Stripes.(Other Personals on Page 5)SUCCESSFUL JOCKEY.WOMANTWO YEACwid. Do No Work.Now Strong as aMan.HOW'S THIS?j We offer One Hundred Dollars Ite'ward for any case of Catarrh that cannot be cured by Hall's Catarrh Medicine.Hall's Catarrah Medicine nas oeentaken by catarrh sufferers for the pastthrity-five years, and has become! known as the most reliable remedyifni. natrrh "Hall's Catarrh Medicine'nrfj throueh the Blood and Mucou3.lMr. Fred Merrimee, son of Mr. andMrs. W. F. Merrimee, formerly ofParis, is making his mark as a suecessful jockey. Young Merrimee landed winner in' several races last week,besides placing second in severalmore. He was for a long while in theemploy of Mr. F. Pons, the New Orleans turfman, who died recently.Since then he has been a free lance,but a most successful one.A GOOD STORY.Chicago, 111. "For about two yearaHere is a good story related by an-.v;nA.nf loo-vmnn nf flip P.liiirn.h ofsurfaces, expelling the Poison from E j d Canon Ain in his Remi.mo oiwv " o 'niscences, as recently puonsneu.portions. ; The wortiry Canon tells us that ailAfter you have taken nans ni jlnrough Ws Ufe he hag been aI suffered from a female trouble so i Medicine lor a snort ume uu wm BCOwas unable to walk a great Improvement in your generalor do any of my own kith. Start taking Hall's CatarrhTfep fffikhS?5 Medicine at once and get rid of caL.vdiar. Jrinknam a . . , . . tio far - Kl rm. tarrn. ena 101 iesuiuuuia.0, w., - -br"mrz-ZmmLLHiinn1 ISI'pound in the newspapers ana aerer-.mined to try it. Itbrought almost immediate relief. Myweakness has entirely disappearedand I never nad better health. I weigh i165 pounds and am as strong as a man.I think money is well spent which purchases Lydia E. Pinkham's VegetableCompound. "Mrs. Jos. O'Bryak, 1755Newport Ave., unicago, xu.F. J. CHENEY & CO., Toledo, O.(april-adv)lover of children, and never found himself at a Iobs to provide amusemen1for such as came his way. He set outone night to attend a party for children in the home of a friend in Dandon. Arriving at the door he said t?the footman: "Do not announce me,"and proceeded to take off his coat an JI creep into the dining room on his(hands and knees, making strange, noises, as the neighing of a. horse or.ithe braying of an ass. No sound oflaughter or applause greeted his efforts and when he looked up, he foundhimself in tHe company of a party ofstrangers, men and women, who werer- ndvA Men and Women, seatedat the dinner table, and weroTKWMCMs'x)f LvdiaE. Pinkham's ainM and Professional: Club Wo-1. eyeing him as some escaped lunaticVegetable Compound, made from roots men; Teachers, Studeats, Ministers, who had somehow managed to get holdand berb;cfe unparalleled. Jt maybe poctbrs, Lawyers, Stenographers, f and 'ci a clergyman's dress.sed with perfect confidence by women fQr wto wisn to Speak and Write .Tne children's party," the Canonwho Mffer irom oispmcex - correct rsnsiisn opeci '"" tells, us, "was next door."die pains, backachebeanng-downieet- Hqw to Enlarge it. Sample Copy lOe.g, flatulency, indigestion, dness, mbteriptlon Price ?2 a Year.aid nervous prostration. Lydiait.r:nK-ham's VagUbkiCopowiid4S tbaaia- VANSTON,-ILLINOIS.Correct EnglishHOW TO USE IT.A MONTHLY MAGAZINE,Josephine Turck Baker, Editor.Suppose you have reached your bottom dollar, is it not possible- to use Itfor the foundation of a future fortune ?We are authorized to announce thogood Democrats below as candidiatesat the Democratic primary on August4, 1917, to fill the offices to whichthey aspire:FOR STATE SENATORL.EE W. WAINSCOTT,Clark County.GEORGE HON,Clark County.ABRAM RENICK,Clark County.FOR REPRESENTATIVE.C. M. THOMASFOR SHERIFF.WILL G. McCLINTOCK...vn Doc Marshall and Bob Gilkey asdeputiesL. A. SOPER,With D. E. Clarke and L. C. Ashcraftas deputies.Co.Wolf, WileLexington, Kentucky.ll MIW! M"I" I I' H- M HIHHIHIimilllUlUHERE IS A GOOD PLACE TO STOP FOR LITTLE MONEYLOUISVILLE HOTEL, Louisville, Kv., Main St., bet 6th & 7UlThe Only Hotel In Louisville Operated on the American and European PlanaAMERICAN PLAN Rooms without Bathv but with Hot and Cold Runningwater (With Meals)75 Rooms single, $2.0050 Rooms ....Single, 2.5050 Front Rooms Single, 3.00Rooms with Private Bath:50 Rooms single, 3.0050 Rooms single, 3.50per iay;per day;per day;'2 people, $2.062 people, 2.252 people, 2.50perperday;day;people.people,2.753,00eackeacksackaohFOR COUNTY JUDGE.GEORGE BATTERTONFOR COUNTY ATTORNEYDAVID D. CL1NE.COUNTY SUPERINTENDENTSCHOOLS.J. B. CAYWOOD.MISS MABEL ROBBINS,OFFOR JAILERGEO. W. JUDY.THOS. TAUL,JOHN H. DOTY,WALKER KISER,C. T. MASTERSON,W. O. BUTLER,JOHN W. KING,J. W. HART.FOR ASSESSORWALTER CLARK,jf Paris, with Jno. J. Redmon, of NorthMiddletown, as deputy.GEO. D. SPEAKES,of Paris, with Lee R. Craven, of LittleRock, at Deputy.FOR MAYORJAMES H. MORELAND.W. O. HINTONE. B. JANUARYFOR POLtCE JUDGECLAUDE P. REDMON,J. W. BROWN,P. A. THOMPSON.HARRY L. MITCHELL.ERNEST MARTINWhenyoufeelfKd' nevmie. tirrl. tunrried or deSDOndeflt it IS 8suresignyouneedMOTT'SNERVERINEPILLS; They renew the normal vigor andmake life worth living. BesureandatkfoMott't Nerverine Pillt JSfl tWILLIAMS MFG. CO . Fr.. C!rI. OW ZOBERDORFER, The Druggist?1.00 per day; 2 people, $0.75 -4oa1.25 per day; 2 people, l.M aaca1.50 per day; 2 people, 1.2S.acfeEUROPEAN PLAN Room without Bath but with Hot and Cold RunntiwWater (Without Meals) nunnwp75 Rooms Single,50 Rooms single,50 Front' Rooms single,Rooms with Private Bath:50 Rooms single,50 Rooms. single,THE OLD INN,, Louisville, Ky., Cor. 6th and Main Sts., EuropeanKooms wttnoui aatn, si ana up; Room s With Prlvats Balll. tlJM m mLbest Bating p lace in town. . mThe Louisville Hotel and the Old Inn are located in thm hand only a three-Dlocs?s-Hyalk to the retail, district an4 theatres.1.502.00jer day;per day;2 people,2 neoDle.XK meh1MMMMMMBIAutomobile Hearse or Ambulance!1I desire to announce to our friends that I can, wheredesired, furnish an automobile hearse or ambulance. nYmethod of transpertation is especially desired on long trips,the same being made in better time, and at no advance incost over the horse-drawn conveyance.GEO. W. DAVIS, Funeral Director.iiiiiiiiiiiiini """"""iHlHiiinniniustaGentie ftub ShiAgencySTACY - ADAMSSHOES$7o and $7-30Take Advantage of These Pricesand Save Money.HARRY LINVILLEp-.!.i!...!OKI''JUmiU-Memphis Commercial-Appeal.'dard rfedy-for'feroae 4s. t1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 i f Mi M m i M i , M ,"VrAGfi,FOURTHE BOURBON NEWS, PARIS, KY.FRIDAY, APRIL. It, 117".The Bourbon NewsEstablished 188136 YearsUnions Publication.of ConBublished Every Tuesday and Friday.Per Year. ..$2.00 Six Months... $1.00Payable In Advance.RELIGIOUS.During the absence ot Rev. J. JDickey, pastor of Hutchison Chapel,who is holding quarterly meeting atML Gilead, in Scott County, Rev. M.A. Swift, of Lexington, editor of theCentral Methodist, will occupy the pulpit Sunday, both morning and night.T?ckir Criff line iric?tirl ia T4V1ir T.orif?(Entered at the Paris, Kentucky, mi . t . i .TWnffi ati xcW nf tho and will lecture at night on that sub-3W1FT CHAMP, Editor and Owner.EPWORTH LEAGUE HOLDSPATRIOTIC MEETINGGOVERNMENT CROP REPORTAND LIVE STOCK REPORTWASHINGTON, D. C, April 12. A I The regular monthly social and lit-summary of the April crop and stock erary meeting of the Epworth Leaguereport for -the State of Kentucky and of the Methodist church was held infor the United States, as compiled by the church last night at 7:30 o'clock,the Bureau of Crop Estimates, and in the presence of a large audience,transmitted through the Weather Bu-iThe entire program.every number ofPoatoffice as MailSecond Class.)Matter of theject.Rev. J. Gray McAllister, of Louisville, will preach to the congregationof the Presbyterian church at thecourt house Sunday. At the morninijservice a congregational meeting willbe held, when the subject of extendinga call for a minister will be discussed.It is urgently requested that all thomembers of the congregation attendthis service.MUTT & JEFF'S WEDDING.MAY LOSE COMMISSIONIF NOT CAREFUL.In future county officers who do notperform the duties imposed on them inthe matter of collecting fines and forfeitures due the State will not receivetheir commissions on the amounts atthe expense of the State, but the expenses of collection will be taken outof the commissions.In order to. call attention to the advent of the latest comedy on the famous cartoons, Mutt and Jeff, andJeff's Wedding, which is underlined asthe next attratcion at the Grand OperaHouse next Saturday, April 14, themanagement has inaugurated a uniquecontest. All patrons will be invitedto enter. . The idea is to see how manyphrases afad sentences can be made ofthe appended billing: "Mutt and Jeff'sWedding Is The Merriest Show onThe Stage." These to he formed intoa criticism of the production.After close inspection you will observe that the billing consists of elevenwords and forty six letters. By usingthe letters of each word and twistingIn many instances the Commonwealth's Attorney receives 50 per cent! them in any number of angles and"or fines and forfeitures: the Countv snapes many sentences and phrasesAttorney. 25: the clerk. 10. and the.11 result.Jury fund 3, leaving only 12 per cent.reau, U. S. Department of Agriculture, is as follows:WHEATState Condition April 1 this year65 per cent of normal; ten-year average condition figures for April 1, 87per centUnited States Condition April 1,tliis year, 63.4 per cent; ten-year average April 1 condition, 86.2 per cent.RYE.State Condition April 1 this year,80 per cent of normal; ten-year average April 1 condition, 87 per cent.United States Condition April 1this year, 63.4 per cent; ten-year average April 1 condition, 86.2 per cent.RYEState Condition April this year, 80per cent of normal; ten-year -averageApril 1 condition, 87 per cent.United States Condition April Ithis year, 86.0 per cent; ten-year average April 1 condition, 89.6 per cent.HOGS.State Losses from disease past yer,6.0 per cent; ten-year average, 6.6 percentUnited States Losses from diseasepast year, 4.87 per cent; ten-year average, 6.7S per cent.CATTLEState Losses from disease pastyear, 2.7 per cent; ten-year average2.2 per cent Losses from exposurepast year, 1.0 per cent; ten-year average, 1.3 per cent.United States Losses from diseasepast year, 1.94 per cent; ten-year av-for the State. Inspector and Examiner Nat R. Sewell reported to StateAuditor Robert L. Greene that sometimes the 12 per cent does not coverthe expenses of his examinations.Auditor Greene laid the situation be-Jore Attorney General M. M. Logan, IThe rules of the contest i erage, 2.00 per cent Losses from ex-are that the criticisms must be coni-;nosure Past vear. 1-45 per cent; ten-plimentary and that no two he alike. h""1 "'cia5c' " -As an incentive the managementwill give to the winner or winnerssubmitting the best criticism twoseats for any performace of the show 1 35 per centduring its stay in town. One of therules of the contest is that the com-ho said the law allowing them the jpetitors must make their contributionscommission imposes certain duties I very brier, being lmitea to one nunurecwords. For further mnformationwrite to the Manager, Fred Erd, ofthe Paris Grand' Opera House, (adv)SHEEPState Losses from disease pastjyear, 0.0 per cent; ten-year average,Losses from exposureupon them, and that when they do notperform these duties, and the collections are made by the Inspector andExaminer, the expenses of the examination, and collection should be deductedfrom their commission; but recommended that the officers be notifiedand that the rule apply to cases arisingafter the notices are given.LEAGUE VISITING NURSECARES FOR YOUTH.CUT OUT TOBACCO.(Contributed.)Ed. THE NEWS:I have been through Bourbon countyA few nights ago a young man giving his name as Harry Rogers, fifteenyears old, was discovered by railroadJ employes hiding in the Louisville &i Nashville round-house in the SouthParis yards.He was brought to Paris and turn-. average on April 1 this year, and thepast year, 2.0 per cent; ten-year average, 2.2 per centUnited States Losses from diseasepast year, 2.17 per cent; ten-year average 2.45 per cent Losses from exposure past year, 3.28 per cent; tenyear average, 3.06 per centHORSES AND itfULES.State Losses from disease pastyear, 1.7 per cent; ten-year average,2.1 per cent.United States Losses from diseasepast year, 1.69 per cent; ten-year average, 1.94.PRICESThe first price given below is thelery recently on a business mission,and have talked with some of the bested over to Mrs. Harriet Minaker, insecond the average on April 1 lastwhich was a patriotic selection, hadbeen arranged with the view of making this the banner social of the season, and it was even so. jThe program was in charge of Mrs.James Grinnell, Jr., Superintendent ofthe Literary and Social Department ofthe Paris Cliapter. The meeting wasopened with devotional exercises. Thejreading of Proverbs 15:34 formed part'of the program, and sentence prayers 'were offered for the safe guidance ofthe country in the present crisis. Theprogram as rendered was as follows:"Uncle Sam" Mr. Y. H. Harrison."Old Glory" Miss Dorothy Tingle."Young America" Edgar Tingle, Jr.Reading "The Blue and the Gray."Miss Sarah Power."The Blue" Mr. F. W. Galloway."The Gray" Mr. Dennis V. Snapp."Old Black Joe" Mr. Rankin Mastin."Columbia" Miss Ina Mastin."A Soldier's Farewell" Miss Frances Hancock and Mr. Dennis V. Snapp"The Bugler" Mr. Rankin Mastin,"Dixie" Finale.Pianist Mrs. T. J. Flora.At the close of the program a freewill offering was taken, to which thoaudience responded liberally. Refreshments were served, and the eveningwas greatly enjoyed by all. Fourteenmembers of the League took part inthe program.All good Americans in Bourbonshould attend the patriotic mass meeting at the court house to-morrow at2: 00 p. m.Paris OperaONE NIGHT ONLYSATURDAY, APRILHouse. 14thBud Fisher's ALL NEW Musical Cartoon ComedyMutt and Jeffs WeddingJUST FUN, MUSIC AND GIRLSNOTE This is the Big City No. 1 Company that playedNew York, Philadelphia, Brooklyn, Jersey City, Washingtonand Baltimore.FORTY AND 1-2 PEOPLEThe Greatest Laughing Show On Earth! Two Cars offSpecial Scenery.PRiCES .... 25, 50 ANDFEW BEST SEATS, $1.00. NO HIGHERSeats Now Selling at Box Office.CENTS IFRANKLIN DEMONSTRATION.In the big Franklin car demonstration that was made all over the country yesterday, a five-passenger touring car made the trip from Paris toCynthiana and Carlisle and return, adistance of 52 miles, using only thirteen pints of gasoline in making theentire trip.FOR SALE!Grocery Fixtures, Etc.3'ear,charge of the Bourbon County Healthand "Welfare Lairue's headquartera.I - - . . - I-. i -V ifarmers and tobacco crowers in the: Mrs. Minaker Questioned the boy. who ousnei. orn, ana 1 1. uais, tiFxraty A great many of them are of ! after considerable hesitation, admit-land 60. Potatoes, 248 and 98. Hay,"the opinion, that as much money ted he was the son of Mrs. C. A. Itog- $15.30 and $,13.50 per ton. Bggsf'23ould be realized on a full crop of food ers. of Savanah. Ga.. and confessed he .anu t cenis per aozenstuffs this season as on tobacco. had run away from home.The trouble is to get their tenants to Mrs. Minaker at once got in commusee it this way; and also the small 'nication with the authorities at Sa-land-ownerwho makes tobacco hisjvanah, and learned the boy's story''money crop." I was true. He was placed in a board-Let every newspaper in the tobacco ing house, where he remained until 1 18.0 and 11.5 cents per poundsections start out the cry, "Cut out transportation to his home in Savannah 26.0 and 17.9 cents per dozen.the tobacco," for if it isn't done there was forwarded to him. !will be surely a cry coming this next' j B-4- PI REwinter for bread and potatoes. XX ' LOOKING FOR OIL. , Insure withI :im closing out mv erncerv stnnk, j j.. i ,i ,i A ii ii. nStntPWhenf. 19R nnl 119. rentes nm- P" "" uesire u sell uiu luiiuwiug- iiALUics, eiu, tit unutr.United States Wheat. $1.80 and98.6 cents per bushel. Corn, 113 and70.3 cents. Oats, 62.0 and 42.0 centsPotatoes, $2.35 and 98.6 cents. Hay,$13.01 and $11.78 per ton. Cotton,Eggs,THINGS TO WORRY ABOUT.Mr. E. M. Williams, representing. , j wealthy oil operators of Bradford, Pa .The report comes from Massachu- hag leased oil and &LS rights on asetts of a woman who is ninety-four ( body of land comprisin& 2,700 acres ofyears old, and ascribes her longevity lnnd near IIutclli80nr this county, onto eating candy all her life. This nWa it fa propo8ed to prospect foreem8 genuine novelty, weoiien. and tWs summer.The lands leased are owned by Mrs.wondered why some other trade didnot get in a few claims on these centem&ri&ns, instead of letting the tobaccopeople take all the honor. Along thisline a Paris centenarian makes thestatement that hard work and mindingher own business" was the cause ofhar long life. So there you are!Belle Alexander, Mr. and Mrs. Bukner Woodford. Mr. and Mrs. O. D. Da-jvis, Mr. and Mrs. Arthur Hancock,Mrs. TJlie J. Howard and Mr. N. Fordi BrentDrilling operations in the field willbegin as soon as tho necessary machinery, hoisting rigs, etc., arrive andHemstitching!, W.O.HINTON &SON,AgtsBURNING TRANSFORMERS, CAUSE $1,800 FIRE LOSS.Fire of an unknown origin Tuesdaynight, which destroyed, the big transformers of the Paris Gas & ElectricCo., near the entrance to the old ParisFair Grounds, caused a property lossof $1,800 to the company.An alarm was sent in from Box 34,the fire department responding immediately. Owing to the nearest fire plugbeing a" long distance away, the department could not render much servicewith the water pressure, but used theirBring the cashand get these standard articles at abargain:1 Floor Case;1 Toledo Scoop Scale;2 Counter Show Cases;1 National Cash Register;1 Cellar Oil Tank;1 Dayton Meat Cutter;1 Fairbanks Floor Scales, 600 .poundsj capacity.i 1 Display Bin;1 Oyster Display Case;' 2 Leer System Registers;i 1 Counter;j 1 Chewing Gum Case;1 Paper Cutter, 24 and 1.1 inched.combination;Lot of Candy Dishes;2 Molasses Pumps.All the above may be seen at mystore.13-tf) Wai. SAUER.1E8 SIGNPAINT!Interior DecoratingHard Wood FinishiniWALLPAPERPAINTS WINDOW GLASSEAGLE and DUTCH BOY WHITE LEADSHERWIN-WILLIAMS MIXED PAINTSBERRY BROTHERS and PRATT & LAMBERTCELEBRATED VARNISHES"The Best," Our MottoC. A. DaughertyParis, KentuckyFifth and Main Streetsi"H"KH' '"! I ri"M"i''I'.I"M"M''I''!"Hi.-.- i Ti J A Iare piaceai in position, ii is proposea to chemical extinguisher. The woodensink a test well to a depth of 1,000 Dase and! surroundings of the trans-feet as a preliminary to more extended operationsBOURBON MEN INBREEDERS' CONVENTION."We are now prepared to dothe finest kind ofAt the meeting of the American Saddle Horse Breeders' Association heldin Louisville, Hon. Claude M. Thomas,of Bourbon county, was elected vice-UAM..iUA: J D: J. oC BourbcllCUiaillllllllK dUU 1 ILUl president Mr. Thomas, Mr. Jno. T.Edge WorkI Collins, Mr. Allie Jones and othersfrom Bourbon county, were present.Mr. Thomas acted as chairman ofthe meeting, and delivered a brief ad-on all kinds of material. Special d.ress .introducing patriotic resolulions, wmen were uuupieu.Mr. Thomas, Mr. John T. Collins andMr. Allie G. Jones were elected members of the the Board of Directors.attention given to mail orders.cial Demonstrator FromCincinnati, Ohio. sformers were burned away, and thewere rendered useless seriously interfering with the local light system.The Paris (plant was put in operation,relieving the situation and supplyingcustomers with light and power. Thefire department made a second trip tothe scene after recharging the bigchemical tank and put out the flameswhich had broken out afresh.The damage to the transformerswhich take the high power currentfrom thep sub-station near Kenney andtransmit it lo the city lines, was repaired by a force of men under Manarer 0. A. Steenbergen, Wednesday.Master's Sale!BOURBON CIRCUIT COURT.! I HI J 'VULCAN X,. PLOWSMade by The VuICSn PlOW CO., nRtHt,ULr::'I ,-fiEix ySSSi-.Xfev.fe11 TRY THE sNJk ' "5lrf vulcan Sky wSamuel Taylor, EtcVs. Notice of Sale..Plaintiff-Lucinda Turney, Etc., ....DefendantsSpeTOBACCO COTTON;.rAU,-w6rk and prices guaranteed j All grades, at Harry Simon'saatiaiJictorv. umr-;TheSINGER SEWINGMACHINE STOREE. Tenn. Phone 931 Home Phone 418.C27 MAIN ST., PARIS, KY.Mrs. Blanche VimontHEMSTITCHINGAND PICOTSIS Nail StreetNxt t Mrs. Mamie Parker's)RED CROSS OFFICERS.fire, wind and lightninginsurance.Thomas, Wpodf ord & Bryan.REAL ESTATE DEAL.The following have been selected asofficers for the Red Cross Chapter, recently organized at North. Middletown.Chairman, Eld. John Chris tophepson;vice-chairman, Mrs. J. D. Burnaugh;secretary, Mrs. L. R. Henry; treasurer, Bennett B. Bean.MAYSVILLE WINS AGAIN.The Baraca Class of the MaysvilleBaptist church is still ahead in thecontest with the Paris class for membership and attendance honors. TheMaysville class had an attendance of173 at its last meetinr. while only 47 attended the Paris class meeting. Some'body must be fetting busy fcereJiThirty-five vacant lbts in the GoreyAddition to Paris, were sold Saturdayto different .parties at goodi prfces byHarris & Speakes, acting as agents forWakefield & Wakefield, of Shelby ville-.Dr. H. M. Hamilton sold at publi2auction yesterday the lots and the oldFloral Hall building on the old FairGround Addition, auctioneer Geo. D:Speakes -conducting the sale. One lotwas purchased by Mr. Richard Stewart,of Carlisle, for $195, the second lotgoing to Miller &. Lilleston Cor ?186.The old Floral Hall buildfng was purchased by Miller & Lilleston for ?102.A lot of lumber, wire fencing, etc.,was disposed of to different parties atsatisfactory prices. Miller & Lilleston, after the sale, resold their lot toMr. Rlcharat Stewart, of Carlisle, at asmall advance over the. original purchase price. The., old building will berazed at once and moved away.Under and by virtue of a judgmentand order of sale rendered at theMarch, 1917 term of the Bourbon Circuit Court in the above styled actiontherein pending, the undersigned Master Commissioner, onSaturday, May 5, 1917,at the front door of the Court- Housein Paris, Kentucky, about the hour of11 o'clock, a. m., will sell at public auction to the highest airtl best bidder,the following described property:That certain house and lot of groundsituated on the southeast corner ofNinth and Pleasant Streets, in Millersbufg, Bourbon Oounty, Kentucky,immediately in the rear of the FemaleCollege building, bounded on the westby Pleasant Street and running eastbetween Ninth street and the propertyof Jane Reed to East Back street, being the same property conveyed toCharles Turney by J. R. Best, &c, bydeed ot date February 12, 1898, of record in the office of the Clerk of theBourbon County Court, in Deed Book80, page 326.Said sale will be made upon thecredits of six and twelve months, thepurchaser or purchasers being required to execute theii two bonds for equalparts of the purchase 'money, with satisfactory surety, due six and twelvamonths from date of sale respectively,and bearing interest at the rate of sixper cent, per annum from date ofsale until paid, said bonds to havethe force and effect of judgments.Said sale is made for the purpose ofdivision among the parties in interest., . . O. T. HINTON.Master Commissioner Bourbon. CircuitCourt(aprill3.20-27-may25).1Well Finished, Strong Durable, Light Draft.Rib Strengthened Mold, Full Chilled Shinpiece, InterlockedPoint, Land and Standard. Point has Face Chill, Wide EdgeChill, Long Snoot Chill, Patented Extension and is theSTRONGEST and MOST DURABLE Chiiied Point mede.Whan buying Plow, consider Quality First, Price SecondFOR SALE CVS. Ball GarageCor. Fourth and Pleasant St. .Agents Buick AutomobilesGoodyear Tires.Our Vulcanizing Departmentis equipped Jwith steam vul-canizer and run by an expert.fc?iSteam Heated GarageOPEN DAY AND NIGHTSWWWWiiitUnitWWWWWWffWyBHImtI!r -i ?:3jtttlDAY, APRIL 13, 1917.yXTfcE BOURBON NEWS, PARI& KYvxFOR THE EESTNOTHING ELSESOCIAL AND PERSONAL.Comings and Goings of OurPeople Here, There andElsewhere.BOYS' SERGE SUITSINTERESTING COLLECTIONOF OLD RELICS.Mitchell & Blakemore have on exhibition in their show window on of themost interesting collections of old time. war material, ever shown here. TheMrs. Walter Martin is visitine ret- collectin was gathered together brUrno im CM... i flin Tata TT. T)T,4 -kti i- . iIn pinch-back styles $10.J. W. DAVIS & CO.INSTALL DELCO SYSTEM.atives in Sharpsburg.Mrs. William B. Woodford...aumsuiiu, maiaua, for a. ten-daysI Mrs. Polly Cunningham continues,ery m at the horns nf lmr act "eemiHint -'-moulds,the late Mr. Root. Neely, of Paris, andcomprises a wondrous arrav of deathThe Rash Bros, at North Middletownare installing a Delco Light Plant.CALL ISSUED FORSTATEMENT OF BANKS.is at ;r;r,f . r "v" "invif ueu-""& instruments rrom almost everycountry m the world. Some of thespecimens date back as far as thenrteentn century. Revolvers, hnllp.tpistols," rifles, swords, daggers, arrows, in fact almost everyconceivable character of arms, areshown in the collection.In another window is shown spec!-'her home in Lexineton after n vicif men& of the modern three-inch shrap-to Mr. and Mrs. James Bradley in 8ttella. manufactured in Dayton, O..Paris. for the Russian governmentr ThereMr. Dun&an Bell arrivpri hm is also shown there a modern uniformWednesday fiom a business tHn n such as in worn by the cadets of theJ.Mrs. Nannie McClintock.7r: Robert P- Walsh, of Paris, vir.ited friends and relatives in Mt. SterLng, several days this weekMrs. Fred Wehrle has returned tosll arrived home, . . . v euueauay nom a business tHn r, ou" ao " oiu uy uie uauets oi uieState Banking Commissioner George Chicago, Kansas City and othpr WW. Culver Military Institute, at Culver,( Speer, or lranKTort, has issued a ern cities. Indiana, together with swords andcall on the State banks for a report Mr. and Mrs. G. C. Thompson will otller military bric-a-brac of more modol their condition at the close of busi- arrive home from Florida on the 18th ern "styles-"ness on April 10. Shey have been spending the winter Tne Election has attracted greatat St. Petersburg. attention, and very few pass by with-COME TO THE BIG ' Misses Elizabeth Steele and Eliza- oufc takinS a look at the display.jLraory are expected home thisMASS MEETING.bethneek from an extended businessthrough the South.AllVirllll attartil tVta notrinfin mooo maof.T-4- IV.r-rrr.1 tn. nffonJ ! t:4.: - -e. nvx K7VU.UU. uuv "" w jmuiuwv xuu.00 lutw.w Z rCnii T ,a"lut"r Rev. and Mrs. I. J. Spencer, of ing at the court house to-morrow atn.ass meeting to be held at the court Lexington, are guests of their daugh- 2: 00 p. m. Ihouse to-morrow (Saturday) afternoon tei, Mrs. Wm. B. Ardery, on the Lex- 'at two o'clock. Show your loyalty to mgton pike, near Paris. 'A number of Paris society peoplerttended the Easter Dance given in'the Merrick Lodge ballroom at Lexing-'.ton by the Trensiehorenn P.inb Iour President, and our, country, by attending and taking part. Be patriotic'SEED SWEET POTATOESGet seed sweet potatoes while youoan. We have them now.(It) C. P. COOK & CO.i2 JS'fM. mS"jFSS& Tuesday night between theLOSTA fireman's ax belonging to the Pari 3FARIS VISITORS ATODD FELLOWS'guests of Mrs. Ellis' aunt, Mrs. Nellie eneine house and thV Fiir firmingStoker Hirii1n.m1. of "Hawhov E?SI,ne n0USe antl tlie ? T9Miss Lillie Gaines, manager of theCynthiana office of the Western UnionI1"" aiuuavui. liinrlor nlonca rotnrn ti tVio ilannrl....v t,uJ IVL.IUU w bill U&JJUI Iment.HOME.Judge E. B. January, M. B. Lovel,Telegraph Co., is taking a two-weeks'vacation, which she will spend partlyin Paris.Miss Margaret Drumm, who hasJohn Merringer and Thos. Sadler, of been in Florida for several months,Paris, were visitors at the Odd Fel- "was in Paris, Tuesday, en route to herlows Home, in Eminence this week, old home in Columbia, Mo., where she"Judge January presided at a meeting will remain until July,of the Executive Board of the Home. r -1- Storke. of Louisville, andM Dr. and Mrs. Ernest Hosier, of Lexington, who have been guests of relatives in Paris and the county for sev-eral days, have returned to their re-Of the same good dollar quality you spective homes.have always bought Many new patterns. J. W. DAVIS & CO.DAVIS $1 SHIRTS.ULLMAN LANCASTER,(13-2t) Chief Fire Dept.Farm Hand WantedWanted, at once, an experiencedfarm hand. None other need apply.Call Cumberland Phone 519, Paris Exchange. (It)For Rent."FOR OLD GLORY."Nice ground floor room in residenceon Pleasant street, near Tenth, con-A fund amounting to $3G has beeiraised by the Jewish citizens of Paris,with which to purchase a big American flag. The banner will be placedon the court house, and will be a companion to the one which will be raisedon the house by the Fiscal Court."Long may they wave!"ON TO WASHINGTON!Mr. Charlton Clay and Miss Carolyn Roseberry have returned fromj Spring Station where they have beenI guests at the home of Mr. Kennethlexander, who has been entertaining enient to L. & N. station and postj a jolly house party the past week. office. Only desirable roomer wanted1 Mrs. Duther Rice, of near Paris. Gas, bath, etc. Call this office.underwent a successful operation foappendicitis at the Massie MemorialHospital, in this city, at two o'clockyesterday morning. The operation wasperformed by Dr. Barrow, of Lexington. j Mr. B. It, Dickerson, of the Dickerson-Douglas Garage, who sustained aJ partial stroke of paralysis last Monday.,nas reported yesterday as greatly im-Let Me Do TheHousecleaning!(13-4t)GENTRY.t-roved. His physicians regard hiswcitina ,irwn un iiv a commit- complete recovery as a matter of a I WiUi the aid of the Simplex Vacuum.ivv.w.... - jr short time. Cleaner, soring house cleaning is atee of Bourbon Loogei. u. u. ., ere Mr RIchard Butlert of tne u & N. 'pleasure rather than a drudge. Iforwarded to Washington by telegrapn t.ain dIspatchers forcef stationed at clean Rugs, Druggets, etc, at 50 centsWednesday. The resolutions endorsed i:avenna on the L. & E. division, or- up; Carpets, Mattresses, Couches, etc.,Fersident Wilson's stand against Ger- ers THE NEWS sent to him in order satisfactorily done. Phone me at Pari3n-any's submarine warfare, and pledg- to know what is going on in Paris and Realty Co., Cumb. Phone. 433.ed loyalty to the government In the Bourbon county. Mr. Butler knows apresent crisis. a S00 thing.The Degree team of the Lodge wmmeet to-night for rehearsal. A largerjaco -aHii hr criven the initiatory degree next Monday night. J The parfcy g.yen lagt TuesdayDDIcnMPR(; taken 'afternoon by the Paris Chapter of thePKibuiMtK ,Mrv TQ FRANKFORT.' American Red Cross Society at theMasonic Temjile, was a distinct andFour prisonersTtwo" white and two decided success. There were aboutcted and sentenced at the " - u "s "1'unureu. casino or six-iiuiiui euuiirc.RED CROSS CARD PARTYA DECIDED SUCCESS.colored, convirecent term of Bourbon Circuit Court,were taken to the Frankfort Reforamtory, Wednesday by Deputy Sheriffs J.O. Marshall and James Gibson, and Mr.Leo Keller. The prisoners were:Ella Waters .and George Cravens,white, three years .Tor houseoreaKing,James Ross, coloryear;Ross, colored, forgery,as played, and seven prizes, donatedby local merchants, were awarded.The bridge prizes, -silk hose and abox of Miss Holladay's candy, wereAon by Mrs. W. G. McClintock andMiss Frances Clay; the five hundredn urizes. silk hose and a handkerchief.jui -" 1 -X n: TTTIlvi-fVi nnH HTc TChas. Martin, colored, shooting -" - ; '"j .- .' n n.- , .. ,.t :.,. . trill nno rrUUH OIUJ , UIC VMOIU.W jlic, u, iiiiana wounamg mu, .t - . by Mnj N Moore. euchreyear prize, a mustard pot, by Mrs. EdwardBurke, and the gentleman's prize, aif ac n i rnnc toRAISE BIG FLAG, pair of sjlk socks, was won by Mr.1. Hinton.Ices and cakes were served, and theentertainment netted about $80. Thisamount will be devoted to buying supplies for the Chapter, to be used intheir First Aid training classes.BLUE, GREEN AND BROWNSAll members of K. of P. UniformRank, of Paris, are urged to attend thespecial meeting to be held next Monday night, April 16. There will bebusiness of great importance. At theconclusion of the business meeting aBoeial session will be held and a banquet will be spread for the members . ,n p,nch.back flannelsand the visiting brothers stylish for young men-$2At a recent meeting oi me auuuminate lodge, Rathbone No. 12, K of P..a committee composea ot ivmsm RD CR0SS CHAPTERJohn W. Hill and F. W. Galloway, was TO HAVE SALEappointed to purchase a large Ameri-jare mighty0 and $25.DAVIS & CO.. i A .1 a- 4lSlfcan flag and have it erecieu im wiCastle Hall, in the Wilson building,corner of Main and Third streets.PARIS COMMERCIAL CLUBSEEKS ADDITIONS TO CITY.THE NEWS has received the following notice from Mrs. Cecil Cantrill, of(Lexington, with a request for its publication: r"The Lexington Chapter of the RedCross Society, to make a fund for pre-paredness work, will hold) a sale onAt a meeting of the Paris Commer- April 19 2Q and 21 in 1-cial Club, held at the court house Company'8 building, on Short street in. Tuesday night, a resolution was adopt- LiQ:s:ijlgtjOTL The ladies of the Chapter$ ted changing the membership fee from m h&Ye Qn BQlQ country supplies, anW Tt to $2 and providing for a cam- tlque furnituret jewels, pictur.es, ftow":; paign in both the city and. county for & plants, shrubs, china, ornamentsj an increase in membership. and many other desirable articles. Allg The question of paving certain people 0f this community ate re-,-?f.ireets in the .city nem iue i, quested and cordially lnvtea loaueq?iplace on the program, was discussed, this 8ale and to become jpatrons of theand a resolution adopted favoring the affair A light lunch will also be a fea-paving of as much of Main, High anl tur(. of e salePleasant streets as would be practica-, .ble considering the amount of funds CARLISLE PHYSICIAN WILL' available out of the tax collections of LOCATE IN WINCHESTER.' the current year to pay one-third ofthe cost of construction. I Dr.George Spencer, of Carlisle, for-The consensus of opinion among the erfy of Paris, and brother of Mr. Rob-peoDle who are pushing the paving ert Spencer, of this city, will move' croiect is that a bond issue for this from Carlisle to Winchester to locate' urtose is the only feasible plan. , about the first of May. Dr. Spencer- Mr William O. Hinton, on behalf of aa in Winchester, Tuesday, looking' the favor of Paris, extended to the for a Buitable location for his office9 Commercial Club an invitation to at- He has leased the Cornell property on-i tend in a body the patriot demon- French avenue, and on his return to1 ..,. rv hP held at the court house carlUle will begin preparations fort aua.uuu. - t, . -rrrt.l.-... Tl annnn trTJSL j, -,- rcattirnavi aiternoun aw. . njovmg lowmwicBiej. ui. opcutci c-iX WJHWllwn vt. , t.. i ntTfivnir Wdl ana iu.vora.uiy ,uiuwu. in zrm.ua.R VKodaksVictrolasBicyclesSPAULDINGATHLETICSUPPLIES?c''- -.?isiif''DaughertyBros.Filth and Main Sis. Paris, KentuckyFRANK & COMPANYTHE RELIABLE STOREc4nnounceThey Are Now Showing TheSeason's Best StylesSUITSDRESSESINCOATSSWEATERSNEWESTWAISTSSKIRTSSilks, Dress Goods,Wash Goods of All KindsTrimmings To MatchALL ARE REASONABLY PRICEDWe Cordially Invite Your Inspection'Pictorial Review PatternsFRANK & COMPANYSPRING GOODSHave Been Arriving Daily InLarge QuantitiesIN WALL DECORATIONSwe are showing the most beautiful patterns that it haever been our privilege to show, and we are offering themat remarkably low prices. Especially is this true whenthe many advances in price are taken into consideration.OUR RUGSwould add much to the beauty of your home. You willfind our patterns and prices right in every respect andwe would be glad to have you investigate.Mahogany and Oak Dining SuitsIn William and Mary designs in mahogany and oak areBeing mown in profusion, uon t vour home nd ?onerLACE CURTAINS-3 wfcWe have just received many new patterns thatwill please you very much;we thinkTHEJ.T.HIJYTONCCKMOTOR.HEARSE"EITHERPHONE" 36MOJOR INVALID COACHSIXTH AND MAIN STS... k.pAGEFnn1ivfeh'8.i.-vy-i! -rNklx&i3J,. -N3t&m I"UNDJERTAKINGfOt"fiW ttVfiV.Vi4x nkK-.A.,THE B6UW3WWS, PARIS, KY.M ViFRIDAY, APRIL 13, 1911.Hemp Seed For Sale.Good cultivated hemp seed for sale.012 or -writeSTANHOPE WIEDEMANN,,(10-tf) Route 8, Paris, Ky.Wanted.'One hundred barrels of corn. CallI. D. THOMPSON,Cumb. Phone 628,(10-tf) Paris, Ky.For SaleQue set of dining room furniture, in cathartic pills or castor oil?firt-cla.ss condition. Call Home. Cascarets work while you sleep;Phone 96, Paris. cleans the stomach, remove the sour,'i.Tiicrocfri fprmpnting fnod and foul-'-ocoe. taVo th P.W.P.5S hilfi from theMaster's SaleBOURBON CIRCUIT COURT.City of Paris PlaintiffVs. Notice of Sale.William Freeman DefendantUnder and by virtue of a judgmentand order of sale rendered at theMarch term, 1917, of the Bourbon Circuit Court, in the above styled actiontherein pending, the undersigned Master Commissioner, onSaturday, April 21, 1917,at the front door of the Court House.In Paris, Kentucky, at about the hourot 11 o'clock a. m., will sell at public auction to the highest and bestMdder, the following described property: A certain house and lot of groundsituated in the City of Paris, BourbonCounty, Kentucky, being on the northeast corner of Higgins Avenue andLilleston Avenue, in the said city;lots fronts 50 feet on Lilleston Avenueand extends back the same width asin front, with Higgins Avenue 150feet, and Is the same property conYeyed to W. B. Freeman by LinnieFreeman, by deed of record in thethe Bourbon County Clerk's office.Deed Book 91, page 61.Said sale will be made upon the credits of six and twelve months, the purchaser or purchasers being requiredto execute two bonds for equal partsf the purchase money, due six anltwelve months from date of sale respectively, and bearing interest at therate of six per cent, from date of saleuntil paid, and having the force andeffect of judgments, wih good surety,to be approved by said"Commissioner.The -purchaser or purchasers will "havethe privilege of jpaying cash and stopping the interest at any time.Saidjsale is made for the purpose ofsatisfying the lien indebtedness of theuity oi r-ans lor uie sum ol t.t, ai ,six per cent interest from November1. 1914. and the sum of S7.42 with in' , -. -- T - ,terest from November 1, 1915, andtheir costs, subject to credit of $5.0 "paid Feb. 20, 1916, and for the furthepurpose of satisfying the lien indebtedness in favor of the Bourbon Buildju5 eiwu AMuaauuu m uie buiii uij.od.ou wiui lniere&t uiereon at mxter cent from tne lota day ol Apri,1816, and the further sum of ?12.25with interest thereon from March 17.1917, and their costs herein expended.and for the further purpose of satia-tte lien of indebtedness-in lavorof J. H. Woodford and others in thesmm of $142.09, with six per cent in!terest from June 20, 1316, until paid,1and their costs, the above Hens beingset out in the order of their priority,The total amount of !the Hens, interestasd costs is estimated as of date ofside at $420.00.yj. x. xunivjn,master uommibsiouer xouruuu nuui-.Court..M. f. Kenney, AUtctioneer.(aprl5-12-19)PUBLIC AUCTIONOFPEOPLES ROLLER MILLS(Johnson's Mill)At About the Hour of 12 O'clockMonday, April 16th (Court Day)At the Court House Door in Georgetown, Kentucky.' This mill is located near Newtown, Kentucky, and consists.ofa substantial three-story brick mill building, with 'a frame fatproof wheat storage bin attached. Daily capacity:- . , mmm - - . m50 Barrels of Flour: 150 Bushels of Meal,jlcoin oieam ana water rower.All machinery is in first class running order and is runningevery day making the . celebrated Legal Tender and other wellknown brands. The present tenant is doing a good business.Splendid frame residence ofBlentyof crib room, garage, iceoutbuildings, besides two small tenant houses, 11 acres of ground.Thil DroDertv is now renting for $100.00 ner month and lp&QPrt 1Mntil Julv 1st 1917 'TEliMS Given at sale.For further information writeC. E."4.YOU'RE BILIOUS! LET"CASCARETS" LIVENLIVER AND BOWELS.Don't Stay Headachy, Constipated,Sick With Breath Badcfnu c,stomach sour.Get a 10-cent box now.You men and women who can't getfeeling right who have headacho,coated tongue, bad taste and foul picion that it was not due to an accibreath, dizziness, can't sleep, are bil- dent .lous, nervous and upset, bothered wit'i -Li Rink, rassv. disordered' stomach, orliave a bad cold.Are you keeping your bowels clean-x i i p : nwith Cascarets, or merely forcing apassageway every few days with salts,liver and carry out of the system ail At noon it was sai t 5 J;the constipated waste matter and 150 pcnant. had been killed and aboutpoison in the bowels. )" The firewch. Was confined to theA Cascaret to-night will straighten siirapnel loading building, in which ilyou out by morning a 10-cent bos originated, had been ubdued. In thisfrom any drug store will keep your building about 400 men, women, boysstomach sweet, liver and bowels reg- and girls were employed as loaders,ular, and head clear for months. Don't The first explosion originated in theforget the children. They love Cas- structure known as the pen F buildcarets because they taste good never tag. Immediately there was another?r,n t. olMron fadvlIfaiit ui oiv,vu.INSOMNIAIndigestion nearly always disturbsthe sleep more or less, and is often thecause of insomnia. Eat a light supperwith little if any meat, and no milk; jnisn take one of Chamberlain's Tabletsimmediately after supper, and see ifyou do not rest much better. Obtain-able everywhere.(april-adv)Selected Nursery Stock.I am local representative of the Na- girlswere employed putting the fintional Nurseries of Rochester, N. Y. ishing touches on shells. In a buildA fine assortment of flowering shrubs, ing adjoining approximately 30,000and general nursery stock to select shells were stored. A second explofrom. Now is the time to make your sion demolished this building and scatspipction. Stock and Drices guarai'- tered the shells in every direction.teed.(10-tf)miss julia McCarthyLOST.A silver horseshoe pin, "somewhereIn Paris." Finder will be rewarded by (returning same to this office.(G-tf.For Rent.Nice cottage on Winchester street,just across L. & N. tracks. Conveniently located.FIRST NATIONAL BANK.(3-tf)melectricFor Rent.Tnree lUce room8t witnlights and gas. Call at115 DUNCAN AVENUE.(3-tf)FOR RENT.Three unfurnished rooms at No. 733talker avenue. Hot and cold waterjuid other conveniences. Call HomePhone 339(jan30-tf)H Mt . rp n LI' IOtlCe lO 1116 FUDllCI will pay this season the nighestprices that havener been known InParis for hJors hide, oeef hides,!Keep pelts and furs.I will also pej the highest marketnce tor vb m ir4cr. i ui uuiver u maij yimvv iu uo wv. v,iby Cumberland phone 374. Office ontngnin street.(20-oct-lyr) MAX MUNICH.A.a- wsix rooms, large barn, scales,house, hen house, all necessarvor callNORMAN, Agt.,154 West Shert.Street, ,Lexinsten, Ky., MUNITION PLANT EXPLOSION KILLS MANY.CHESTER, PA., April 10. 3 p. m.At least one hundred persons, mostly&"ia "c - - -more injured by an explosion to-daymunitions plant at Eddy-stone, Pa., near here, owned by theRussian government.Nothing is known as to the cause ofe explosion, though there is a susRipley Park Hospital, a lown near jmi-dyston, reports (that four charredbodies and twelve injured personshave been received there. Three offl wm dJeApPilr(lftlP tjn a reDOrt fifty bodiesare jn e Chester morgue and fortyinjured persons are in the Chesterhospital.Bodies are reported piled on thesidewalk.CApiUDIUIl IU UXC U1U i- uiuiuiufc, xu.joining. These two structures were, destroyed.At 1 p. m. firemen, policemen andothers were still dragging bodies fromtne wreckage. Sheiis were fount!scattered about the scene for a spaceof two blocks,At the undertaking placeof Cor-oner White there are 80 bodies, 79 being those of girls.Thousands of girls were employe iat the plant, most of them comingfrom Philadelphia, ten miles away.They were attracted by the high wagespaid.The explosion occurred soon after10 o'clock in the pellet room of theshrapnel building where about 100No official of the company wasfound who could tell anything aboutthe explosion. There were whispersof a plot to destroy the plant Ifthere was a plot, no more effectivespot could have been selected for thework. It was near the Delaware Riverbank and well isolated.The plant was originally enstructedsoon after the European war startedby Baldwin Locomotive interests.Recently it was taken over by theRussian government, which has beenemploying about 10,000 people makingshells.CLEAR YOUR SKIN IN SPRING.Spring house cleaning means cleaning inside and out Dull pimply skinis an aftermath of winter inactivityFlush your intestines with a mild'laxative and clean out the accumulat-led waste, easy to take, they do notSPe- Dr- King's New Life Pills willclear your conplexion and brightenyour eye. Try Dr. King's New LifePills to-night and throw oft the slugglsh winter shell. At druggists, 25c.(april-adv)HIGH TOBACCO AVERAGES.The Burley tobacco markets of Central Kentucky have paid out nearly$25,000,000 for tobacco since the market opened last fall. The amountpaid out in Lexington was $7,643,250Richmond and Paris showed higherseason's average than Lexington..Richmond's average being $18.46, and'Paris $18.34, as against $18.30 in Lexington. The Paris market is now conceded be one of the best -n the6.mBAD COUGH? FEVERISH? GRIPPY7You need Dr. King's New Discoveryto Btop tbat 0l6 goothing balsamtagredIents heai the irritated mem-branes, soothe the sore throat, the anjtiseptlc qualities kill the germ and, your coldi is quickly relieved.' Dr.King's New Discovery has for 48 yearsbeen the standard remedy for coughsand colds in thousands of homes. Geta bottle to-day and have it handy inyour medicine chest for coughs, colds,croup, grippe and all bronchial affections. At your druggist, 50c.(april-adv)LATE BULLETINS.An editor in the Far West droppedinto church for the first time in manyyears, says Tit-Bits. The ministerwas in the very heart of the sermon.The editor listened for a while, andthen rushed to his office."What are you fellows doing? HowJiuout the news from the seat ofvar?""What news?"'Whv. ftll thin nhnnt Hip RTp-L-ntionarmv beine drowned in the Red seaThe minister up at the church knowsjail about it,, and jou have not a wordof it in our last Bustle around, youfeik.ws. and get out an extraspedai.euiiion.MORE THE MERRIER.(Telephone News.)'Don't you find your telephone agreat convenience?" bubbled Mrs.LifrfitniL you can sit at home andover town-""Yes'" admitted Aunt Susanna,dolefully, "it is handy, but it's only atvo-party line. , My, sister , Deborahdown in the countryjis on a six-partyline,, and she canhear the gossip of.the Tvhble district"If it were not for emergencies, butlittle progress "would be matfe in theworld. .1, 0. 0. F. LODGEOFFICIAL TALKSFrankfort Chaplain Tells ofTwo Months' Trial."FEELS LIKE A NEW MAN"There may be someone in Frankfort better known than W. F. S. Brawner, Past Grand Chaplain of the I. O.O. F., Kentucky jurisdiction, but it'ssafe to say that Mr. Brawner counUhis friends by the thousands.For fifty-five years a prominentmember of tlie Baptist church, he isW. F. S. BRAWNER.at present chaplain of Lodge No. 23,I. O. O. F., of which he has been amember for forty years."I was weak, run down and nervous following a spell of bad health,"said Mr. Brawner. I had painsthrough my chest at times that caused me a lot of trouble."Nervousness set in, and I couldn'tsleep well at night. The least lithenoise would wake me up, and thatmeant I would lie awake the rest ofthe night"I got so I couldn't enjoy a meal.Food that used to make me almosteat my head off didn't tempt me. The'boys' at the lodge asked what wasthe matter with me."Well, I couldn't tell exactly. Iwas just half-sick and all-in. Mybrother-in-law sot me to try Taniac.I didn't have much faith in it, but Iconsented to try it."Well, sir, it's remarkable whatTaniac has done for me. I've beentaking it for about seven or eigh?.weeks and I feel line. When I sitdown to he table you can be prettysure that I'm going to eat everythingthat is put in front of me."I sleep sound every niglitJ and mvsleep rests me. I really can't sayenough Tor Taniac."If you don't l'eol right get Taniac.today. Delay in health matters isdangers.Taniac, the master medicine andreconstructive tonic, is sold exclusively in PARIS by Varden & Son.Otlier exclusive agents in nearbytowns are as follows:HUTCHISON, Snell & Wood; MILLERSBURG, W. G. Wadell; ELIZABETH, Oscar Smith; CARLISLETrueman & Son; GEORGETOW.., C.H. Arnold; WINCHESTER, Duty DrugCompany; AUSTERLITZ, B. S. Parrish. c (adv.)As a rival for the taxlcab, a Bostonman has invented coin in the slotmechanism for public automobileswhich permits them to run only thedistance for which a passenger haspaid. tMickey King, the latest Australianboxer to invade America, is formermiddleweight champion of the Antipodes. He lost his title to Les Darcy.Spring ColdsAre the WorstThey lead to catarrh andpneumonia. They weaken theentire system and leave it unable to resist the suddenchanges. They interfere withyour digestion and lessen your activity. Neglected they soon becomethat dread disease known as systemic catarrh. Don't neglect them.It's costly as well as dangerous.PERUNAWill Safeguard YouHave a box of Peruna Tablets with you for the suddencold or exposure. Tone your, system up with a regular course of theliquid Peruna, fortify it againstcolds, gefyour digestion up to normal, take care of yourself, and avoiddanger. If you are suffering now begin the treatment at once. GiveNature the help she needs to throwoff the catarrhal inflammation, andagain become well.Peruna has been helping peoplefor 44 years. Thousands of homesrely on it for coughs, cold and indigestion. It's a good tonic for theweak, as wellTk PrMk .Cmmpmmj, .rT6j'tiVi'(Aim4 , , fc H "-bLQ I k f VjVTv 1 rft.-,-,, i ...I..ri:-i'rr3ii :-kv :..."-;-." wl ?; 5I."i-..-.-;-ir-.V-'ii-.VA.-V?&y&l Iff rSrJffiSSiK'Old Jupiter Pluvius takesfiendish delight in ruiningpocrly protected buildings. Atevery little crack or bare spotin the paint, the rain soaks inand spreads rot through the wood.To last, 3'our buildings must be as waterproof as astaunch boat. They will be, if well coated with paintmade of Dutch Boy White-Lead thinned with purelinseed oil. Such paint Rives a smooth, weatherproofsurface that will not crack or scale. It gives beauty,also.Before the nest rain, call on us about paintinr; ant!painting materials. We expect you. If you can't call,'phone or write.C. A. DAUGHERTYYoung Man, Don'iScatter Your Dollars!YOUTH IS PRODIGAL Frequently the younj mm DOIUTT"rSTOW THE VALTJE OP A DOT.T.ATt.YOTJTH IS HOT EVERLASTING. The big men of tke coumtry ltiilthe foundation for their success by opening a bank acctumt whem they;were youar. '!If You Hope to Amount tc Anything DonDelay Starting a Bank Account.dStart It Today.Farmers' & Traders' BankF. P. KISBK, President JNO. J. M.CLTNTOCK, CasMerWM. GRIMES, Bookkeeper.Sixth and Main Streets Paris, Kytwin Bros. Department storeSeventb ana main $t$.TobaccoAll Grades at LowestPrices.Twin Bros.A fi I h ri fc tl I TiTmShoe PolishesKEEP YOUR SHOES NEAT'rOAuxrcaorrawYoaflCutKiit.feI.cil nFJnDutch BoyAnchorWhite-LeadParis,'. KutNckyCottonDep't Storei.- -r-jSU, -e;qip , jpy ; , L -j- ..rIHIIDAY, APRIL 12, 1D17.THEEOURBON NEWS, PARtS, &.FAGE SMVlOrIt's Worth While&r MUlxr V,Tire Savings jMby f oir, Isn't it?Don?t stop withthe visible cashsaving in buyingone Diamond Tire.Keep on untilyou are drivingand saving on fouruiamonns. ivYour Diamond TireDealer will tell you andshow 3ou the money-in-your-pocketangle tothis.Every Diamond Tire mustdeliver full value in service. If ever a DiamondTire fails, a cheerful, willing adjustment will bepromptly made.Wymmv 1Black TretRed SidesmonssarTiresC. S. BALL GARAGEFourth and Pleasant Sts.KlCParis, KentuckyLOSES EIGHT RELATIVES NINE THOUSAND GERMANSIN EUROPEAN WAR. CAPTURED BY BRITISH.Bight relatives of Mr. Anthony Gnadinger, of Cynthiana, who is well-known5n Paris, have heen killed in the European war. Mr. Gnadinger learned recently that the husband of his youngniece had been drafted for service,leaving his wife and babies practicallydestitute. Her relatives in Cynthianahave no assurance that any aid thatthey might send her would reach itsdestination.Professional Cards.Bourbon Building StLoan AssociationFffiST NAT'L BANK BUILDINGIN REAR OF BANKEntrance on Fourth StreetLONDON, April 10. The British offensive between Lens and St Quentin,with which the spring operationshave been opened and which is still-inprogress, has proved even more suecessfiil than the earlier accounts indicated. Gerenal Sir Douglas Haig reports that Monday's captures exceeded9,000 men, while forty guns fell intothe hands of his troops.The Canadians, who had one of thehardest bits of the front to contendwith are now in complete occupationof the famous Vimy Ridge, even itseastern slopes having been cleared ofGermans. The Canadaians also have.repulsed German counter-attacks.END OF WEEK EXPECTSTO PUT U. S. IN WAP.WASHINGTON, April 12. Withactual war operations likely to materialize before the end of the week, theadministration and Congress are noventered upon the stupendous task ofmaking effective the participation ofthe American republic in the world,conflict. MThe correspondent betrays no secretIwhen he says that an attack by Germany is expected. The attack is expected from any one or all of severalquarters. German submarines and 'cruiser raiders are likely to appear offthe Atlantic seaboard at any time andshell American ports. A submarine attack on the Panama Canal is anotherpossibility.' The likeliest quarter, however, isMexico. It is known there are thousands of German reservists in Mexico.that many have gone there from theI United States since the diplomaticbreak with Berlin apparently in accordance with a prearranged plan, andthat there are German officers in the-Mexican army and German agents inpositions of high trust in the Carranza government.There is ground for the belief thatthe movements of the Germans inMexico are not unrelated to the Zimmermann plot to draw Mexico andJapan in a war alliance against theUnited States. The government hasconsiderable information on this situation which was not made public whenPresident Wilson revealed the Zimmerman plotThe uneasiness of the governmentconcerning German schemes in Mexico has been aggravated by the absolute failure, if not absolute refusal, ofCarranza to give any satisfactory assurance of friendliness to the UnitedStates and of determination to relievethe American nation of anxiety regarding German operations on theborder.It is known that there are plenty olmachine guns, rifles and ammunitionin Mexico to equip a force for a formidable attack on the border.The mobilization of Carranza troopsat Juarez is being watched with somesuspicion, particularly as Carranzasays it is for the purpose of checkingprospective Villa raids organized byGerman agents. Carranza, therefore.does not deny the prevalence of German activities in Mexico, but transfersthe blame to Villa.So far as internal danger from theplots of German agents and sympathizers is concerned, the administration believes it has the situation wellin hand. There are several hundredsusnected enemy aliens under surveilance and before the end of the week;there probably will be many more arrests. Those who fail to comply implicitlywith the directions of conduct laiddown by the President in his war proclamation will find themselves introuble with the government.Attorney General Gregory and Assistant Attorney General Warren conferred with the President, Monday, upon the progress made by the Department of Justice in rounding up dangerous enemy aliens and upon theespionage, censorship, and other protective legislation which Congress willbe asked to pass at once.iJ7'.W V.W5P'lA, iy u zte V I" ?LiKnrM4mOPPORTUNITY!jyttugrmrfi noraical to use Try it at ones. 4raaiSJjM Una Cxi B : Frti MI NOT WBESY iiftESS l&s$ wdw Ji$cMfAi 3V)Tti tvavrimm -. i'S-O-M-E Doughnut!""Any time you want reelgoodies u:e Calumet BakingPovfdcr! My mother uses itslices tried all others she'slearned her lesson now shesticks to Calumet." Unequalled for makingtender, wholesome, light bakings. Wonderful leaveningand raising qualities uniformresults. Mother says Calumetla the most economical to buy most economical to use. Try it at once.Received Highest AwardsSPRAINS AND STRAINS RELIEVEDDR. WM. KENNEYEye, Ear, Nose and Throat.ROOMS 403-404.FIRST NAT'L BANK BUILDING.PHONE 136.WM. GRANNANAttorneyatLawROOMS 401-402.FIRST NAT'L BANK BUILDINGSloan's Liniment quickly takes thepain out of strains, sprains, bruisesnd all muscle soreness. A clean, cleariquid easily applied, it quickly pene-rates without rubbing. Sloan's Linfnent does not skin or clog the poresike mussy plasters or ointments.)r chronic rheumatic aches and pains,neuralgia, gout and lumbago have thi3well-known remedy handy. For thepains of grippe and following strenuous work, it gives quick relief. At alldruggists, 25c.(april-adv)Cheap and big canBakingPowders do notcavoyou money. Calumetdoes it'sPrr";and far superior to sour milk and soda.Mr..R. F. Clendenin, Associate General Agent forthe Northwestern Mutual Life Insurance Company, inone day recently, sold 100,000 worth of life insuranceover local and long distance lines of the Home TelephoneCompany and because of such an amount of businessaccumulated in one day, he divides the honors with usfor the efficient telephone service rendered. This is asplendid record for both Telephone and Insurance Companies. Mr. Clendenin says; 'The service I get from, yourCompany is all that I could ask, and on the closing dayof my campaign I used it with wonderful success."Such an opportunity in facilitating business shouldbe grasped by the public in general in employing co-operation,efficiency and confidence.Paris Home Telephone 5 Telegraph Co.(Incorporated)J. J. VBATCH, District Manager.W. H. CANNON, THOMAS JL iJMITH,Equipment Manager. Cashier.WHY CONSTIPATION INJURESThe bowels are the natural seweraire svstem of the body. When thoybecome obstructed by a constipation apart of the poisonous matter wnicnthey should carry off is absorbed intothe system, making you feel dull andstupid, and interfering with the digestion and assimilation of food. Thiscondition is auickly relieved by Chamberlain's Tablets. Obtainable everywhere.(april-adv)GRAIN ELEVATORS BURNED;GERMAN PLOTTERS SUSPECTEDLILLIE LANGERTY WRITESHER AUTOBIGRAPHY.Lillie Langtry, most famous actressof her day, has at last consented togive to the public the story of hercareer. This most interesting historyof the stage begins in the May Cosmopolitan. Heretofore Mrs. Langtryhas strongly objected to writing herautobigraphy, so Cosmopolitan is indeed most fortunate in being able to atlast place before its readers the storyof Mrs. Langtry's social and artisticcareer. The work is illustrated withvery remarkable photographs.STOP LEFT OVER COUGHS.Dr. Bell's Pine-Tar-Honey will stopthat hacking cough that lingers fromJanuary. The soothing pine balsamloosens the phlegm, heals the irritatedmembrane, the glycerine relieves thetender tissues. Don't neglect a lingering cough, it is dangerous. Dr. Bell'sPine-Tar-Honey is antiseptic and pleasant to take, benefits young and old,get it at your druggist to-day. Formulaon the bottle. 25c.(april-adv)WILD DUCK SEASON CLOSED.Charming King 6284By Bourbon King 1788, dam Charm 10603 by Red Cloud 2197.The best bred, the best individual and best doing five-gaitedsaddle horse in Kentucky standing at$25 TO INSURE A LIVING FOAL.A natural saddle horse with a perfect trot, faultless action-and must beautiful conformation. Rich bay, 15 3-4 hands high,weighs 1,125 pounds. Breed your good mares to him. orfurther information and extended pedigree, addressH. A. POWER, Paris, Ky.The State Game and Fish Commission, through its various county anddeputy State Wardens, has sent broadcast notices to hunters regarding theclosed season for wild ducks, whichwent into effect on the first of the present month. Hunters have been strictly warned against violating the .provisions of the game law, applying to thekilling of wild ducks after the seasonhas closed. Gigging in the fishingstreams of the State is also prohibite-3by the new law.MINNEAPOLIS, MINN., April 12Two grain elevators were destroyedby fire, believed to have been of incendiary origin early Tuesday.The total loss will be nearly$500,000 it was estimated. Nationalguardsmen patrolling the district reported that in both instances severalexplosions were heard in the structures before the flames were discovered. The Marfield Grain Company wasthe heaviest loser. More than 100,000bushels of wheat, valued at about$200,000, were burned. The buildingwas valued at ?150,000.An hour earlier the Quinn-Shepherdson Company's elevator severalhlocks awav was destroyed by firewith a loss of $50,000. The struct-'ure contained 20,000 bushels of corn.More than 50,000 bushels of grainin box cars on sidetracks were dam-eged.Habit is a cable; we weave a threadof it each day and it becomes sostrong we cannot break it.You Don't Have toStoopIf You Use aGarlandCabinetRangeSPRING.Spring is looked upon by many asthe most delightful season of the year,but this cannot be said of the rheumatic. The cold and damp weatherbrings on rheumatic pains which awanything but pleasant They can berelieved, however, by applying Chamberlain's Iilniment Obtainable every-2:A beautiful line of Garlands on dltplay. Come In and look them over.Paris Ga& Electric Co.(Incorporated)EFFICIENCYIN CLOTHING FOR MEN!1 T N'!S'ffCnpyricht 1917The Hous c KunxjoheloerWe Are Agents For TheHouse of KuppenheimerSuits and OvercoatsFor Men and Young Men. Now, more than at any other,time, you should buy merchandise that can be dependedon. For this reason we heartily recommend clothes of .this make and we also GUARANTEE fit style and service. You can buy them here for$20.00 $22.50 $25.00TWIN BROS.Clothing and Shoe Dept. L. Wollstcin, PropWe Give and Redeem Blue Trading Stamps.Telephone No. 4.West 5 Streetyu tc :3W"- ! ffTriTfr l 'JfflirBfeJ"5SBBMnaavaiW-UchwordBourbon Laundry fDAVIS & FUNK, Props.Satisfaction is OarWith all the latest im- Iprovements in laundry "!--.J onnhonnno nvW .. 4- ,tL'iP helpers we are prepared"- i to do work inferior to,.W&B&;&- -J "u"e auu solicit your3JrBourbon Laundry,Paris lUniiicky.'"g.4'A..?'.V1 where. -, iTtttpliMit 1W(april-adv)at"-s l-f AGE EIGHTTHE BOURBON NEWS, JPARIS, KY.FRIDAY, APRI1, If, mrV'A?DEATHS.SALOSHIN.After lingering for several daysJollowing an operation performed atfee Jewish Hospital in Cincinnati, fora& abcess of the liver, Mr. Louis Salohin, one of the bst-known citizens'ofParis, died in that institution at ninVclock Wednesday nightMr. Saloshin had been ill for sometime at his home in this city and hisliouble not yielding readily to treatment, his physicians, after consultation, decided upon an operation, whichvas performed at the Jewish Hospital,im Cincinnati Mr. Saloshin ralliedaicely from the shock and it was withrenewed hope and confidence that themembers of his family returned toParis after spending a long vigil at thebedside of husband and father.Mr. Saloshin was a native of Bavaria, where he was born sixty yearsago. At an early age he came toAmerica, and began with the old-worldthrift to make his way in the worMHe was possessed of keen business instinct, which he applied successfully inhis business career. By dint of closepersonal application to his businessxnd by well-directed thrift in the grocery business he accumulated a nice'fortune. He was a man who was uni-versally liked, being of a joval dispo-jsition, and making close friends everywhere. He had always a quip andi joke and a smiling countenance, andhas known far and wide for a remarkable gift of mimicry.MTTTTCRSRTTRf;OPENING OF 1917BASE BALL SEASON.score of 3 to 1. The batteries were:Cincinnati, Schneider and Wingo; St.Louis, Meadows and Snyder. The result in the league games were as follows: National League Chicago 5, Pittsburg 3; St Louis 1, Cincinnati" 3; Phila-ti. i : a i i.: ,:,i, i, ' . . " .., v,v..w ,. -iaeipnia o. jarooKiyn o: xsew xotktUOS-L "", .' T, "1,"' :,:.r' ,': mce'l: T , ., ...,.. ew York-Boston game, which, was ; ton. snow on fiia. n ostooned to Thurs-a& DiiBB lUttij luoiBcu, at t luu iui. u. u. waj ictuiucu luesuay rnQfnnnili nn nnnrwnt nf n liPnvv',...The 1917 base ball season openedWednesday at all the parks in the va-Mr. James Howard remains verjr rious Leagues, with large crowds inill. attendance, and great enthsiasm mani-Mr. J. G. Allen is improving fested. The nnlv exrfintinn was thetio. Air TTprmnn Marcoien. of Paris: after a several days' sojourn at Lex- ... . , .nay..i. w ..... . 0 , - , . enrvrvroll rtrwafintr tho ritqinnnrl ronrtor. '0UU II lUi VlT& AU lU UAUXAAWUU, I Vf UUV1Cincinnati won i2. -ht tj,, Oninufn F rin- inirtnn.r.nnati: Mr. kcob Saloshin. of Paris: -Jlrs. Hinton. o. Flemingsburs. is i play impossible.American League Cleveland 6, De-four daughters 5, Mrr Sim Levy, Miss the SUest of her sister' Mrs- Minnie the PeninS me with St Loilis by afroit 4; Washington 3, Philadelphia 0;Essie Saloshin, and Miss Macie Salo- 'Messrs. w D. Mclntyre and A. Tshin, of Paris, and Mrs. Sam Joseph !offett were in Winchester, Wednes-iof Cincinnati; one brother, Mr. Frank j(jayf on business.'Saloshin, of Covington. Messrs. J. H. Collier and B. W.' The funeral will be held at the resi-JAmnierman were in Cincinnati on bus-jdence of his son, Mr. Harry Saloshin, iness Tuesday.'in Cincinnati, at ten o'clock Sunday, Mrs. A shby Leer entertained withInorning. The burial will take place a sewing party Wednesday afternoon.out. A delightful lunch was served.The Pastors' Aid Society of theFiesbyterian Church held an all-davmeeting at the church Wednesddy.Pnnsidp.rahle work was accomnlishedaSG:l,and a delightful lunch served at noon.Mrs. Lizzie Feeback, who died atChicago 7, St Louis 2; Botton II, NewYork 3.American Association Columbus 2Louisville 4; Toledo 5, Indianapolis -Minneapolis0, Kansas City 3; stPaul 0, Milwaukee 4.We all admire an honest doubterumess ne doubts ourbelief.petThe statement so often made in printthat "rest makes rust" is the veriestrotiu the Lick Run Cemetery, in Cincinnati.VARDEN.Dr. George Kent . Varden,fiirty-three, died at his home in Atlanta. Georgia, Wednesday, after a long the Good Samaritan Hospital, in Ciniilness, the nature of which has for cinnati, Sunday, was interred at Saltivanv weeks, baffled his phvsicians, V. ell, Wednesday afternoon. The rsv ho had made a close study of the n'ains were brought Tuesday to thenome ot ..miss aiuiu luok, u. sister cepatient.Dr. Varden was the son of Dr. and! Mrs. George S. Varden. of this city,w here he spent the larger part "of hisMrs. Feeback.The cadets of M. M. I. will put on thebeautiful three-act comedy-drama, entitled "Prof. Pepp," at the M. M. i" "1 life. He received his early education Drill Hall, Friday evening, April 20,jir the schools of Paris and under thcs beginning at 8 o'clock. This is said, tutelage of his grandfather, Rev. Geo. to De one of the most brilliant produ'S. Varden, himself a noted scholar andConservation ofEye Sight3s the Practice ofOptometryBy intelligent methods of eyeexamination, for the purpose offurnishing the right kind ofMasses when needed.We PracticeOptometry.Call or Phone Us.educator. Dr. Varden after leavingcollege studied medicine in the officescf Drs. Fithian & Daugherty, in thiscity, and attended the PhiladelphiaCollege of Medicine, and other wellknown medical schools, from which hogiaduated with high honors. Afterleaving college he was for severalj ears an interne in the Bellevue Hospital, in New York, and was engagedin medical research work in otherplaces. Coming back to Paris he remained here a while, later going to Atlanta, where he opened offices, his itions ever given by the cadets, and allwill be due to the untiring efforts ofMis. C. M. Best, who makes all of herdramatic work a pronounced success.The Cadets of M. M. I. will give aMilitary Dance at the Drill Hall, beginning at 1 p. m. to-day. Everythingis in readiness. This will close thedancing season. The Cadets will dressin full uniform, while the ladies willcress in middy suits with whiiocanvas slippers and white sailor cans,the latter to be souvenirs from thecadets. This promises to be a brillianteent The cadets will represent theV. S. Army and the ladies the NavyMiss Susan Ham, aged eighty, diedi yi i ,.J -VJfr ' " f vh CZNiL- l'i f llnSngSseUur fell 7 M Rk JR'T lkTg CT5Exhibit of 3 JL lYiL 1VJL J? ru3JJnecialtv beinc the treatment of chil !at the home of her brother-in-law, Mrdiens diseases, in which he had built !A J- Butler, Sunday at 10 a. m., afte.nn n lnrao oti,i imfiv0 nrooin lal1 illness of a few days. Miss HamnDuring his residence in Atlanta, Dr.thas alwajs resided in Millersburg.'Qlm lorl n nm'ar conlnlal lifn .-..-. ,1 nT , J,i -f.- r i-.n ' " iv-" " H"" 'JV-v',uu,iu lic tt 1. aiuc maiiicu .uiBO uie anu, a number of years has resided in theJ of Atlanta, who, with one child, sur-'rome 0f her brother-in-law, Mr. A. J.vives him. He is also survived by his Sutler. She was a member of theI parents, Dr. and Mrs. George S. Var-! Christian church. The services wereI den, of this city; three brothers, conducted Monday afternoon at theMnccrc Tnconh Vflrrfon nioi Amnion Butler home by her nastor. Rev. C. Ci.and Vhite Varden. all' of Paris- two Cossaboom. Interment in MillersbuVg' i ---sisters, Miss Elise Varden and Mrs.Hugh Brent, of Paris.Cemetery.All goodAmericans in BourbonFRYE & FRANKLINDoctors of OptometryDtw Bld opp. Windsor HotelThe body as brought to Paris from should atten;1 the patriotic mass meot-Louisville &DeliciiciousJuicy Meats!VEALPORKCHOPSSTEAKSThe Best Roast Beef' and Breakfast Bacon intne World.WILMOTHGrocery Co.Phone 376rt.LlilllLil. Ull Lilt" n:.1W ljllIIlSVIl H A.- 1 J. it. i , a. .,, . I, . . m& UL Lne court nouse 10-morrow aNashville tram this morning, and was o-. 00 p mtaken to the residence of his parents,1"" ' ' .on High street. The funeral will be.held at St. Peter's Episcopal church,at three o'clock this afternoon, withservices conducted by the rector, Rev.'Ceorge H. Harris. The burial will fol- jlow in the Paris Cemetery. The pall-1bearers will be O. L. Davis, Dr. Chas !G. Daugherty, Dr. Chas. Vance, J. QMATRIMONIAL.easJVe have some things to tell you about furnishing your housejjf ome-making is the greatest the store and its goods is built up.Today we are in a position toadvise every woman in the selection of handsome, sturdy furniture for her home ior everyroom in the house.The famous Simmons line is thefoundation of our stock. If therewas anything better at any price,we'd have it here.of arts. The woman whomakes her house attractiveis an artist.And it is so easy to be one today.When customers come to diisstore we like to feel that by our advice we are helping to make a fwme,not merely selling something.That is the way confidence inWHEELER & CO.Main St., opp. Court HouseCHAS. GREEN, ManagerParis, KentuckyHIGHFIELD BATTERTON.IMr. and Mrs. Alvin Soffell High-iWard, C. K. Thomas, E. M. Dickson, field, of Lexington, have made an-'H. C. Howard, Win. H. Webb and C. jncunceraent of the engagement ofM.Thomas. J their daughter, Miss Mary Virginia IIJighfield, to Mr. Roy Joseph Batter-1HENRY. ton, of Paris. The wedding will be ami pietty society event of June. The news ' 5Mrs. Nancy Henry, aged fifty- is 0f much interest here, as both vounir ' SmttMtMmiMmmttiHmniMMitimwmMiMMMfiiLargest Selection OfsfMflRGOLEN'S-. SPECIALS THIS WEEK' -Home-Killed" Meats -eight, died at her home on South Main people are very popular. The bridestreet, in Paris, Tuesday night, follow-'elect is the1 youngest of several charming an illness of several months from ig daughters of the Highfield home,a complication of diseases. Mrs. Henry aiui js a favorite with all who knowwas the widow of Benjamin Henry, iier. Mr. Batterton is the son of Mi.and was formerly Miss Nancy More ami Mrs. Alfred Batterton. of nnarland, of Bourbon county. Shawhan, and is a brother of CountyShe was a sister of Patrolman Jas. Attorney George Batterton, and MrsMoreland, of the Paris police force. Raymond McMillan, of Paris. He is aMrs. Henry is survived by seven prosperous young farmer.children, Mr. Holt Henry and Mrs. A.M. Houston, of Paris; Misses Ellen SMARTE FARRIS.Henry and Erie Henry and Messrs. Th marring of ah Knnr,v Sinnr.Houston Henry and J. H. Henry, aU iof Pnric QT,,i AT tioo i?awie f... ..... --i" "" -" A.w.mo x ;u i3, vi.of Newport, Ky. Also by the followingsisters and brothers: Mrs. D. B.Knox, of Paris, and Mrs. A. P. Bryan,of Nrth Middletown, and Messrs. JasMoreland, of Paris; Lee Moreland, ofNewport; Frank Moreland, of California, and Luther Moreland, of St.Louis, Mo.The funeral was held at the resi-near Millersburg, took place at theresidence of the officiating minister.Rev. Dr. O. R. Mangum, on Sixthstreet, at seven o'clock Wednesdayevening. The attendants were Mrs.Mangum and Mrs. Howard Lancaster.After the ceremony Mr. and Mrs. Farris left for the home of the brid1-teenth street, yesterday afternoon attwo o'clock. The services were conducted by Rev. Dr. O. R. Mangum,pastor of the Paris Baptist church.The remains were taken to Carlislefor interment.frrnnm wTin is onfn fPfl in fnrmin- npordence of Mrs. A. M. Houston, on Six-jMillerg1)urgMrs. Farris has for several yearsbeen one of the highly-valued and efficient operators in the CumberlandTelephone Co.'s Paris exchange. ShSis a young woman of culture and manyaccomplishments.The bridegroom was for several;years turnkey at the Paris jail where ,his father, Mr. Jos. Farris, is Jailer. 'He retired from this position some !WASH.m aPwnwnill ILIFootwear !en's,All the NewNovelties,The LatestCreations ofWomen's andr.'S&jr uryy- js'sr rjts&'? &Wftpvx" :zkf mChildren'sIBoots, Oxfords and Pumps!In white, grey, mahogany brown, black kid and other fashionable shades as well asthe more conservative styles. Owing to our system of merchandising in advance and in bisrquantities, we are now in position to offer to our customers the highest aualitv and thmost stylish Spring Footwear AT PRICES LESS THAN THE PRESENT WHOLESALEMARKET.Just a Few of the Many Styles and Their Prices:The funeral of Mr. Abner Wash,aced thirtv-tvo rears, whn died at tliehome of his sister, Mrs. Wm. Blan-.,nionUls ag0 to enSaSe in farming on akenship, on the farm of Mrs. NellieHighland, Tuesday afternoon, was heldjesterday morning at ten o'clockfarm between Ruddles Mills and Millersburg, which his father recentlypurchased. THE NEWS extends hear-Services were conducted at the grave ' t;est congratulations to both these popin the Paris Cemetery by Rev. O. R.Mangum, pastor of the Paris Baptistchurch.Mr. Wash had been in declininghealth for several months, sufferingfrom tuberculosis.Seed SweetPotatoes(Strausberg and Bermuda)NBAL.Dorothy W. Neal, infant daughter ofMr. and Mrs. James H. Neal, diedTuesday night at the home of herparents, in this city. The body was 'Philadelphia Leader.ular young people.VERY SELFISH SPIRIT."Have you ever noticed," said theMervous young man, striving to makeconversation at the tea table, "thater bachelors, as a rule, are erlicher than married men?""Yes," replied the masculine-lookinglady, wearing the colors of thenalitants, "I have," so relates theinterred in the Paris Cemetery at fouro'clock Wednesday afternoon, withservices conducted at the grave byEld. J. T. Sharrard.THE PRICE OF PEACE.f Special PricesThis Week.ptGOLEN'SI have never advocated war exceptas a means of peace. GrantPeace won by compromise is usuallya short-lived, achievement Winfield; ScottPeace, above all things is to be desired; but blood must be spilled to 'obtain it Km equable and lasting terms.Andrew Jackson."Ah! And how do you account forit?""Very simple. Poor men marryand rich men don't. Men are alwaysreadier to divide nothing with a won:on than something."4FOLLOW THE FLAG.It is the right of the American people to enjoy a monopoly for their ownflag within their own jurisdiction; itis the right, and should be-the duty,cf those who follow other flags to follow them elsQwhere,-nie CenturyMagazine". 0Ladies7 White Kid Most Fash- aionable Boots at $095 lipLadies' White Cam. Sea Island uPolish Boots $2.99Ladies' Rich Brown or Russ. Tan - cEnglish or French Heel Boots 4.95Ladies' Kid Lace Boots andPumps which add grace to your Mfoot 3.49Ladies' Pat. Dull Kid QO tto -ftBoots and Pumps at. . - j299-$2.49Ladies' Pat and Gun Metal Shoes -and Slippers at. .' 1.998 iMen's Russian Tan English MShoes and Oxfords, W.-0...$4.50 UpMen's Plat. Calf English and Me- .dium Toe Shoes and Oxfords. . . . $4.00Men's Gun Metal and Tan Shoesand Oxfords, Walk-Over 3.50Men. s Gun Metal, Button andand Lace, good quality 2.99Men's Tan Lace Oxfordsat 2.49Men's Gun Metal High Shoes andOxfords 1.99Boys', Misses' and Children's Shoes and Slippers AtONE-HALF THE PRICE YOU PAY ELSEWHEREDAN COHENParis' Greatest Shoe StoreWhere Beauty and Economy ReignT