4- -JTHE BOURBON" NEWSI PUBLISHED EVERY TUESDAY AJD FRIDAY IN THE YEAR.- -VOLUME .XXXVI.PARIS, BOURBON COUNTY, KENTUCKY, TUESDAY, FEBRUARY 27, 1917.Condensed War News.GROOMING FOR CITYAND COUNTY RACES.THE TOBACCO MARKETS.CAN'T YOU TEACH ONE?TQie local tobacco market continued ICnntnrk- has. ihron vomc j .vi.m - . .- .. vw w . WV , VtW J ill II IVl'xii races, lor uie arious city an-i strong and steady last week, with bi-i to remove her Hliterarv if the slj-'A'ASIIIN'GION, Veb. 26. Robe. t c?unt-v 'Ofiices are beginnig to nil. the sales every day until Saturday, ai- gan "No Illiteracy in Kentucky inAllen Haden, an American Presbyte c,.ty furni9hKg a large number of can- though the offerings were somewhat 1920" is realized! If other countiesnan missionary, stationed at l.o didatcs while the county races are as decreased. Grade prices were well in the State worked like Clay. LesliefSnow, China, perished when the yet lackin sufficient entries to fill, sustained. and Cumberland, for instance, thenjTendh. liner AthoK was destroyed by The candidates who have so far an-1 The sales of the past week amounte 1 would be no illiteracy in the State ina submarine 210 mMes east of Malta nounced have begun their active cam-' in the aggregate to 988,739 pounds, 1918. In these three counties 1,07on February 17. P3-1 work among the voters, while which was sold for an average of persons learned to read and writeConsul Keblinger at Malta cabled a the Penary election is yet somo about $18.13. Of this quantity 752,- in 1916. In a number of counties as-eport of Haden's death to the State months away. Judging from the num- 319 pounds were sold on the breaks at many as one hundred were taught,Department and said that the mission ber of Jockeys already in the saddle, the Bourbon Tobacco Warehouse fo and in some fifty men and womenary's address was given in care of and some usillS tlie whiP even at this ?137,538.15. Including Friday's sales learned to read and write. Durim?i&e Presbyterian Mission Board e ?utsel of the race, there will be an this house has sold 5.332,575 grounds this winter many citizens, are busyNnshville, Tenn.mtfirRSMncr nnift in .nrnsnppt for tn.. i v... - i n4 no7 cm okj 0 ... ,.. ww ,- w. .... yjL tuUrtwwW 1U1 U. IUM1 Ul ijlilOljUUl.iU..dear people from now until the enseWASHINGTON, P C, Feb. 26. F-!- ?f the VUs in the primary electionlosing a discussion of a national ref- in Au5ustrrendum on war bv delegates attend- With Possibly others yet to hearing a conference called by the Am-i- irom .the race for Jailer has started 5 700 pjuu(is of tobacco for $9,247.74, sailles ihas taught seven in her ownteaching. Some editors are teach ii.g.BOURBON WAREHOUSE-FlllDAY. SOme bankers' feome ers andFEB 23 judges, some women and even someThe Bourbon Tobacco Warehouse children are teaching some one toConioanv (consolidated) sold Friflav read and write. One woman in er-'can Peace Societv. a vote was takt.i out with tlle following contestants, all an average of $17.88. The market home. A little snr in Winchester hnsin. which forty favored a referendum good and true Democrats, wiho are remained steady. Some crop averages taught five colored illiterates. Thefifteen opposed it and seven declined anous to have the care of the city's follow: president of the Illiteracy Commis-i vote. President Kirchwey, of the auu " lulu,l Ud!bB!l 1Ui u' y. - . m o,. . sion M stewailt, while directingunrn n vpnrs nrrn man ;onrro vv uuuuus iui an atciauc jl oij.iu uci .. . ..'Society, declared the idea was impractiable, while anoiher delegate refoi-jPatrolman Georee W.Ay.' I w'Judy, a former incumbent of thered to President Wilson as "thoioffice; Mr Thomas Taul- Mr- Jolm H-Doty; Mr. walker laser; Mr. J. av.Hart; Mr. C. T. Masterson (moved toI Spencer county); Mr. W. 0. Butler,land Patrolman John W. King.For County Assessor, with possiblyanother entry soon, the following aretaking the hurdles, and running withtihe wind: Mr. Walter Clark, ofParis, with Mr. John J. Redmon, ofthe North Middletown precinct, a srreatest pacifist of all" and asked a Iu- stand by him.WASHINGTON. D. C. Feb. 26.--Thelatest reports from London andParis show that additional vessels ofan aggregate tonnage of more than21,000 have been rent to the bottomby submarines or mines. The voJs sunk were four British steameina&d a trawler, one Russian, one Swedish, one Dutch and one Norwegianteamer. The Swedish steamer hadwftral Americans on hoard. All ni,u t. Mm,inHr r tiio n.. ! Cline, a prominent member'jm u i-nv- ivnmiiiuvi . c..w -. w .. iere rescued.uuiiuiwU yuuuua. iKing Redmon sold 2,610 pounds foran average of $18.51.Newt. Bishop sold 4,095 .pounds foran average of $18.40.the State-wide educational carapaigaagainst illiteracy, with its heavy duties, has taught one, herself, sinceNovember. The Federation of Women's Clubs pla i to teach ten thous-Jonn lair sold -,bi5 pounds tor an, and this winter and spring by eachaverage $18.52. teaching one.Hickson & French sold 3,4oo pounds T, , fa Kentucky's great work. Itfor an average of $18.71. ' . . . . . T . , , 4. ,Houston & Thomas sold 2,910 originated m Kentucky, and the eradpounds for an average of $17.07. ication of illiteracy will be to lnThomas Wilson sold 4,495 pounds lasting glory of Kentucky. But, betfor an average of $17.68. ter than this, it will open up to menThompson & Morgan sold 3,483 and women the ereat world of books.deputy; Mr. George D. Speakes. of , pounds for an average of $17.23. Has any one in Paris vet taught oneParis, with Mr. Lee R. Craven, ot the Arthur Hendricks sold 3,245 pounds in Kntnpkv'; crpnt Mmmiim in-iinsi remember in JohnTrail of The Lone-Little Rock vicinity, as deputy.for an average of $20.43.CITY UNION OF NOUNGPEOPLES' SOCIETIES.uue xvowK vicinity, U.& UwIjulj. . iui an avwiufew ui -u.iu. llliterici"? Do "o'lFor County Attorney, Mr. David D. Including Friday's sale, the Bourbon -.,',",. ,.T: 'nf fii- i iuaUwU waicuuuDc niio oumthe,Paris bar, is so far the oniy annouiic-There was a lare attendance atihtt meeting of the City Union of. uung Peoples Societies of Paris,l.eld at the Christian church, at threc olock. Sunday afternoon. Mr. Dennis V. Snapp, Presid"nt of the organisation, presided. The following interesting program was rendered:Hymn "God Bless Our Nativelnd," Congregation.Business Session--Mr. Dennis V.Scapp presiding.Hymn "America," Congregation.Devotional Miss Sara Power,leader.Duet "Somebody Knows," Mrs.James Grinnell, Jr., and Mrs. S. T.C bipley.Talk "The American Flag." Mr.Fobert Rose.Talk "A Call to Arms," Mr. Colli-rj-Dawes.Solo "Plains of Peace." Mr. HarryKrslake.Talk "Loyalt.-." Mr. J. T. TuckerClosing Hymn "Blest Be the TieTbat Binds." Corgregaiion.At this meeting the City Union wasmade an independent organizationfuancially, instead of depending onadi individual organization. An offtring will be made each quarter tocover expenses. Miss Sara Powerv,as appointed to fill the vacancy on! 5.332.575 pounds of tobacco for some Pin" the wondeiful enthusiasmoc7Rni o- Tho novf coin t ill ho "June" disnlaved when she boan toed candidate, but it is .probable tliera j.' , . n' Bourbon Tobacco House get "iddicated" ana learned the won-will oe anotner eniry at an eariy uaie. Monday, Februarv 26, at 9 o'clocki.. 11. ci.-:n" nnn iin f;ni.n n.;ii !ill UIw Ollwllltw IUw- Lllw tlwIVwL V 111 Ijbe headed by Mr. Wm. G. McClintock. INDEPENDENT WAREHOUSE FKI-ith Mr. O. L. Marshall and Robert j DAY, FEB. 23.Gilkev as deputies. Some pressure1 The Independent Tobacco Warois being exerted on several prominent "usc Company held a small sale yes-.:. ,.!, ttc-rdav. disDosuur of o.640 pounds foriCitizens TO announce, aim it lb imuiy a ;. . . "Mft, ' UA , nro iliitprnt in Varia or Ttonrlion... . .ill itVwiaiiC ui fiii.ut Wwi iiuiiiii it.ji - .. ....v...vww ... . ... .w w.I nnnnilc Twn frnn nvoracoidrous secrets of the world of books.' '5You can open the sealed door into this " 9fairy land for sou.e one in Paris by enabling them to 'et a start towaid"readin', ritin' en 'rithmetic."So far as is kir.wn at present thereWE KNOW HWADVANCE SHOWINGOf John B. Stetson Spring Stylesin Soft and StiffHATSElERY exclusive styles in Stetsons, that only theirexclusive agents can display to the trade. Featherweight, soft, broad brims and medium crowns,all the new colors olive greens, pea greens, pearls,straw color, light and dark shades of tan. There is noother hat made that gives the same service and satisfaction to a customer as Stetson Hats. Some merchantsmay try to convince you otherwise, but do not be deceived.Let Your Spring Hat Be a Stetson$4 and $5Our $3.50 Special Hat you will find to be very serviceable and nobby.that they will become factors soonthis race.County Judge C. A.McMillan willTwo crop averages were re county, but at the same time tilers jported, as follows: 'may be some who are gruping inRedmon, Martin & Son sold l.o.JO vai11 for an education that will enNettletonSpring Shoesbe a candidate to succeed himself, and i pounds of tobacco for $269.74, an a.--lable tjiem to participate in the batit is hinted that another prominent jerage of $17.63 ner hundred pounds. Ue of nf Qn footi wRhmpmhfir of the Bourbon bar will ou- Plummer. McClure & Rankin sold lt . ...., . ,,nose him at least "so they say" Pop- 3,100 pounds of tobacco for $605.80. ou- "" .. , - IT ,pose him at least so mej say ror avepaee of slo76 . ner llundPei ter them from "si reading themselves.in "Uo t" 1-jo TAti fi c vor nocTin'iii. - - - -. . . - . -r- tuaiij "iv j-- "- v - irio isomp. are heineii bv tne uartn iunuAre now rea'dy for your inspection. Light weight Russiaand Tan CalfrVici Kids and Calf. Both in High Cutsand Oxfords. The sensible and serviceable shoes for men.ularnounced opposition for County Clerk,pounds.land the Hamilton Fund, matiy areand may not have. No opposition to BOURBON WAREHOUSE MON-, helped by the public schools, yet therslWJJicacuiuutc acwiiuwii j.iw.i.wwi.iii-has announced nor has Mr. Hutchcraftindicated a desire to succeed himself. Company sold 177.020 pounds of to-th . inabiiitv to provideIn the Mayoralty race Mr. Jas. II. nacco lor i,ooo.daf an average o. ,,wnvis .. an wTtieatIon.- . v i -. i rr iiini irr mmia -i nii.At tr- ;- wV .---- --DA, FEB. 26. Imav be some others, shrinking souls.,The Bdurbon Tobacco Warehouse ,wun nro vPnt imoir in Aip. rp.ar hvr MUU km. y VWW w -.- -- - --,-financialthe Program Committee coused by the . rrownresignation of Iis. Howard B. Carr. Tie lists are sm open an(i waiting,-who will soon n-ove to another city I d the entrance of new material inTrnin,i n mpmhpr of he Paris no- 17.51 per niundred. The market waslic force, and Police Judge E. B. Jan iftrong and bidding spirited The mar1 ' " , fnym Un 'ket was much better than the averageuary are the only runners so far lie- indicates as there WM a lar&e p,ing groomed for the race, though a Centage of low grade tobacco on saKnew entry in the person of Mr. Wm. Some crop, averages follow:O. fcHinton, may be brought into the ( Tarr & Sweeney sold 2,840 poundslists. He has been called, but still average $18.95.has the matter I under consideration. Leer & Clarke sold 2,690 pounds, avFor Chief of Police the contestants , erage 19.07.will be, as so far announced, the pres-la Robertson sold 2,230 pounds,ent occupant, Fred Link, and Ben t & Qmy soWSpears, private policeman, men; J pounds, average $18.52yet be another entry in tins race.For the office of Police Judge fhgood men are entered, Messrs. P. A.Thompson, Claude F. Redmon, ErnestMartin, Harry L. Mitchell and J. V.The laree auditorium of the churchi:. T. .v..l f ic?f lolW.us most euecut:ij u.u ttiuou..decorated, large and small American jflags being used in the decorativer-cheme with a nrnst pleasing effectREBEKAH LODGE TOHOLD BOX SUPPER.several of the races will inject a newinterest and an element of uncertainty to form players.EDUCATIONAL DIVISION TRUSTEES TO ELECT OFFICERS.The ladies of Paris Rebekah LodgeVo 7, will hold a Box Suppera, the Odd Fellows' building onThursday night at eight o'clock.Prizes will be awarded to the mostpopular young lady receiving the largest number of votes on that night, andalso to tiie man who is voted as thebest member of the fraternity.All the ladies who attended are exjX3Ld to contribute a package whichwill be sold to the highest bidder.Zverbody is invited to attend. Asplendid musical program will be rendered, consiting of vocal and instrumental selections. The committee onarrangements is composed of MissMatttie Neal. Mrs. Dora Scott andMrs. A. R. Dennison.ELECTRICAL STORMS.Central Kentucky in the past fewdays has furnished the stage settingfor brilliant electrical displays, accompanied by thunder,, doing considerable damage in many places, but nonein Bourbon county so far as known.During one of these electrical stormFriday evening lightning struck a tobcco barn on the farm of Mr ClintonWo-dford, near Nicholasville, burningit to the ground. The farming implcraents and ?750 worth'of hemp store.fo the barn were totally destroyedPartly insured.The Trustees of the Bourbon countyschools will meet at office of Miss Mabel P.obbins, County Superintendent ofSchotl. in the court house, in thiscitj', on Monday, March 5, to selectDivisions, as follows:Educational Division No. 1 1:30v m d. C. Lisle, A. P. Adair, Allison Barlow, J. M. Leach, Grant Gailoway.Educational Division Xo. 210:00a m. Frank Smith. W. B. Kiser, It.R. Lail, Wesley Florence. ThomasPadgett.Educational Division No. 3 10:30a. m.-T. W. Current, J. Arch Bailey.H. W. Purdy, W. A. Butler, LettonVimont.Educational Division No. 411:30 a.m. J. M. Caldwell, Aylette Buckner.Rej-nolds Letton, F. E. Burns.Educational Division No. 5 :uu p.mG. L. Rice, W. R. Tuttle, Benj.Woodford, James Later.Educational Division No. 6 :u p.r PiUn TKTn-x TVTofrppr J. F.Til. It. l-- OLipp, "" " 'Ingels, F. P. White.John Welsh & Bro. sold 2,110pounds, average $18.44.Mrs. C. M. Clay & Vermillion soldo.SOO pounds, average $18.20.F. W. Collins sold 3,815 pounds, average $22.96.Talbott Bros. & Robinson sold 3,815pounds, average $19.02.E. K. Thomas & Huffaker sold2,685 pounds, average $19 J 9.Letton & Mclntyre sold 3,909pounds, average $19.11.Hall & Mclntyre sold 4,965 pounds,average $20.11.W. T. Linville sold 2,790 pounds, average $19.81.The next sale will be held at theParis Warehouse this morning at 9o'clock.INDEPENDENT WAREHOUSEMONDAY, FEB. 26.officers tor the different Educational The Independent Warehouse sold atotal ot 40. -6u pounus oi tooacco oniis floors for an average of $17.85.LUNATIC ARRESTED.BUYS SMALL FARM.Mr. Clifton Dalzell, who, with MrHenry. Caywood. recently purchasedSeuceMiller farm, on the Georgetown pike, near Paris, Pg4Mr. Caywood last week tor-touracres oVthe !. "Veler farm and the lands of Mr. C. LClevriand, at a private price.Chief of Police Fred Link, whilecoming dawn Mam .street bunaa;nighL noticed a man near The FairStore, whose actions appeared queeror suspicious to him. Upon questioning him and getting only evasiveanswers, Chief Link took the man mcustody. A short wnue ait-ei ww -was advised by long distance mesufrom Lexington that Sam Sorrel, aninmate of the Htate Hospital for theInsane at Lexington, had escaped.The man arrested by the Chief provedto be Sorrel, who bore on his clothIng the ward number 17 of the Hospital. Sorrel -was sent to the Hospital yesterday in care of an attendantHe is a native of Menifee county.! itctiell i Biakemoie1 Stetson Hats Manhattan Shirts Nettleton ShoesiHATSFORMENThe quality of the offering was fairSome of the crop averages follow:Clay & Myers sold 3,305 pounds for$581.36, average $17.56.Robert Crombie sold 3,295 poundsfor $623.60, average $18.92.Redmon & Tucker sold 2,070 .poundsfor $391.49. average $18.91.Hedges & Faulconer sold 3,850 1pounds for $674.35, average $17.32. JWheat & Hutchcraft sold 2,320 jpounds for $442.02, average $18.97. fArdery &. Gross sold 2.190 poundsfor $408.15. average $18.63. .Ardery & Lewis sold 2,950 poundsfor $18.65.Houston Bros, sold 2,385 poundsfor $403.02, average $16.81.H. B. Clay & Gray sold 5.940 poundsfor $1,110.01. average $18.68.Burris & Brierly sold 1,520 poundsfor $285.46 average $1S.78.avxv xsn&pnt .V. V7 -il, Hix-?-'- KVT I IXS5&V AWtil, UW' 77 KNQXI MV-MX kKnoxStetsonsCrofutt& Knappand $2.00HatsIf SII I X I '1915-REPORT OF MYNES SALE.The following report of the T. CMynes sale of stock, crop, etc., whichwas held at Qiis farm on the Hill pike,near this city, Friday, is furnished bAuctioneer George D. Speakes, whoconducted the sale: One pair of mule?sold for $435; one aged mare, $60;gilts, $33.50 each; brood sows, $25to $31; seventy-fne pounds shoat$9.25; cows, $76 to $82; calves, $28per head; chickens, 71 cents each:turkey hens, $4.50 each; ; one torn$4.50; corn, $6.50 per barrel; loosehay, $14 a ton; farming implementsold well. A large crowd was in attendance. Mr. Mynes ihas sold hisfarm and will move to Paris. Mr. OraSnell, the (purchaser, will get possession of the farm on 'March 1,MORE CARE has been taken by the makers of our hats this Spring to maketViPm hPttPr nH more stvlish than ever before, and we are proud of thesejgga hats because men of taste are bound to wear them. The new light weightsare featured in new shades ot greys, greens, Drowns ana tan. roaa onms2 in medium height crowns are the new shapes. We are sure the prices of theseS hats will please you.Il Knox Stetsons C. & K.i $3.00 to $5.00 $3.50 and $4.50 $3.50GREAT VALUES IN $2.00 HATS ,R. P. WALSHMain and SeventhThe One Price StoreParis, KentuckyISiNAGE TWOTHE BOURBON NEWS, PARIS, KY.TUESDAY, TMBKU AXf M, WKtMMnuiMM-irw $?TTL P ,,!- --..'arraignedthe United States vfordirtlI UC L OUl DOIl lieWS 'streets, unclean milk, supplies,' Wanthrtablished 188135 Years of Con-' mortality, and prevalence of typhoidtinuous Publication. fever. One of Dr. Sedwick's chargeswas that the health, hoards are tooblished Every Tuesday and Friday, often loaded up with "(political refuteo e Year $2.00 Six Months. .$1.00Payable in Advance.gees, political doctors and incompetent laymen."There is a tendency to look at pub-&WIFT CHAMP, Editor and Owner, lie boards of health, in charge of theseproblems, as mere old maidish pur-(Entered at the Paris, Kentucky, suers of imaginary microbes. If thePostoffice as Mail Matter of the average citizen can dodge a healthSecond Class.) .regulation he feels he is so much toAny erroneous reflection upon the e ;n ;,.character, standing or reputation of Man' towns Patently ignoreMIT person, firm or corporation which Plam menaces to health for manyspy appear in the columns of TIlS years. Tn one place known to theJJOURBON NEWS will be gladly cor- writer, there has been for many yearsfcded if brought to attention of the a dam backing up a smallstream forjiwor. several miles, in a way to create large"areas of stagnant water near a vilADVERTISING RATESlage. This water was a mosquitobreeder and injured the attractiveness'Display Advertisements, $1.00 per of the town. It must have been a disInch for first time; 50 cents per inch ease carrier, provocaiive of malarial,each subsequent insertion. tubercular and other troubles.Reading Notices, 10 cents per line J Yet because the letting off of thischvissuo- reading notices in black t would Qiave caused some slighttype, 20 cents per line, each issue. . . . , . iCards of thanks, calls on candi- inconvenience to an industry employdates, obituaries and resolutions, and i"S a very few men, it was never posEimilar matter, 10 cents per line. sible to drain these swamps andSpecial rates for large advertise- meadows. A board of health is notsoents and yearly contracts. likely to amount to much unless oneThe right of publisher is reserved or m0re competent physicians are into, decline any advertisement or other clude(1 oll it Tney si10uld not b-matter for publication. L,., rt.r,.m n,; MWiW for woAnnouncements for political offices ' ' , .. . . ,,rwst invnnahlv hr nnrnmnnnipn hv "".y-wIt is an effort that should en-the cash.ANNOUNCEMENT.We are authorized to announce thegood Democrats below as candidiatesatTthe Democratic primary on August4, 1917, to fill the olfices to whichi&ey aspire:FOR STATE SENATORLEE V. WAINSCOTT,Clark County.GEORGE HON,Clark County.ABRAM RENICK,Clark County.(list the energies of the best citizensI of Uie place. If leading men would-.. . . . . ,iall take turn lor a snort term, uieservice would not be hard on anyone, and a knowledge of health problems would become much more widelydiffused.FOR COUNTY ATTORNEY!q DAVID D. CLINE.f K' FOR JAILER. ; GEO. W. JUDY,t : THOS. TAUL, '' JOHN H. DOTY,s' WALKER KISER.' C. T. MASTERSON,W. O. BUTLER," & JOHN W. KING,"J. W. HART.FOR ASSESSORWALTER CLARK,UParis, with Jno. J. Redmon, of NorthXSIdletown, as deputy.GEO. D. SPEAKES,f Paris, with Lee R. Craven, of LittleHijck. at Deputy.- FOR MAYORJAMES H. MORELAND.FOR POLICE JUDGECLAUDE P. REDMON,J. W. BROWN,P. A. THOMPSONHARRY L. MITCHELL.ERNEST MARTINMAMMA! DON'T YOUSEE YOUR CHILD ISSICK, CONSTIPATEDLook at Tongue! Move Poisons FromLiver-and Bowels at Once.Mother! Your child isn't naturallycross and peevish. See if tongue ircoatei; this is a sure sign its littlestomach, liver and bowels need acleansing at once.When listless, pale, feverish, full oTccld, breath bad, throat sore, doesn :eat, sleep or act naturally, has stomach-ache,diarrmoea. remember, a gentle liver and bowel cleansing shouldalways J)e the first treatment given.Nothing equals "California Syrup ofFigs" for children's ills; give a tesispoonful, and in a few hours all thefoul waste, sour bile and fermentingfood which is clogged in the bowelspasses out of the system, and ouhave a well and playful chim again.All children love this harmless, delicious "fruit laxative," and it neverfails to effect a good "inside" cleansing. Directions for babies, children ofall ages and grown-ups are plaimprinted on the bottle.Keep it handy in your home. A littie to-day saves a sick child to-morrow,but get Uie genuine. Ask yoi."druggist for a 50-cent bottle of "California Syrup of Figs," then look 10see that it is made by the CaliforniaFig Syrup Co." (adviVICTORY FOR USERSI OF NEWSPRINT PAPERNews print paper manufacturer.-ooEDITORIAL MUSINGS.facing criminal prosecution in the ja United States Courts for alleged com-.bination in restraint of trade, propos-.ed to the Federal Trade Commission ,!that it fix a reasonable price for the jI output oi uie principal piiuiu ui ui;Naval Efficiency. United States and Canada from March1. 1917, to September 1. 1917. ThoThe ticklish situation that has !-, commission announced it had the proreloped between this country an I posal under consideration and wouldGermany is causing ench day a close -1 reply immediately. It is g.-norally bescrutiny of the question of na..1 ' je, d the answer will be an accepower. . taneei ne opposition to an increase ot tiu , Tho npiimi nr n1P manufacturersa,vy would be greatly diminished.The action of theJ A. .. 4 - J nmves a sitrnai victory o Ameriixuiould our people feel confident that ,newspaper publishers, who. in the fac !the money was economically spent. ,of advancing paper prices, have seenIf-the tax-payer is convinced that a'nothing aiiead but ruin for many of ixed proportion of navy money is alitlieir nUmber. If the proposal is aeways Wasted, he gives up the addi- ce,pted, officials say. it will mark antional sum for a new battleship w Itli j expansion of Uie functions of the Gov-'very ill grace. ! eminent which, in arbitrating the dif-iIt is generally admitted that the .fprpiipps between two industries.opens a wide field of, possibilities for jUnited States has too many x.avyyards, that duplicate plants are being jtne future.maintained where a smaller number"would do the work at far less cost.Yet If. a man should get up in Congress and move to abolish a yard inany given section, that proposal wouldbe bitterly fought by every Congressman from that section. Nn one seems ti-ons.to look at the thing from a busines ? j .point ot view. 'CONSTIPATION MAKES YOU DULL.Apparently the objection to abolish-Although nothing has been said concerning the continuance of grand juryproceedings in New York, it is wellunderstood the manufacurers' mo'ewas predicted on the assumption thatthere would be no criminal prosecu-I AmMighty ProudVa$fcryil z,weBUvXSMmiJmw timwmmg:WtSfesssagof My HomeAnd For Veryasons!m&m&m&mmmm&&ia&&fflm'Qr&Br"'MmmmmMurtk j -f7.i;r; racwrv&msmmmmX- m !f ffmvim-! i m1 Jv7 W r -rZjsj9cBBE29HBKllHVaS9HHIBnDIHiBllARooster that Crowed- ADog that Barked- ttdaYoungster&ahierervcisSfill-The big factory on the hill how well Iremember it the brook, the mill, the treewith the robin's nest in it!There was a rooster that crowed everymorning, a dog that barked every night,and a youngster that never was still MeSOVEREIGN.I remember the soft south wind that'blows gently over the tobacco fields, thelong rows of waving plants of tobaccoand how carefully they are tended, andraised, and cured, and stored all for thesake of me, SOVEREIGN !You bet you I'm proud of my home heredown South, of my old Virginia andCarolina stock! No cigarette in the worldever had such goodbloofi and breeding,nor such a fine family, nor such a clean,white, wholesome home.That's me, SOVEREIGN, a Southerngentleman, and one of you-all and a partof you, becauseYou Folks of the South KNOW good blood!You folks of the South KNOW good tobacco !t Fm going to spend all my days right down South here among my good friends like'you and I am proud to say this, tooJr4tux.sJrs a sVa a A , 'sr . . - , CrCi am guaranteed by " w ''r Buy me.Sf you dozi'l like me return me to your dealer and getyour money back, I have said it A Southern gentleman is knownthe world over for keeping his word, and I have given you mine.nltT 5 x S JHFOR THE BlSTkSMAN OP THE SOUTHdLof uffi&mPREVENTION OF COLDS.(Indianapolis News.)Tdi ere are a great many folks in thecountry to-day with colds and otherswith grippe, tonsilitio and kindred diseases, who, had they exercised a mo- cant compared to the days ot discomfeel fairly well and tihe cold startsto work.By taking a moment's thought andcare we could avoid many cases ofcold and its resultant ills. The extratime it takes to put on a hat, a coat,or change damp hosiery is insignifi-'H 4"l"S'i!,iI'4'4"!"I"I"M"I"'r"M4I't"iag useless navy yards is not so muc; j That draggy, listless, oppressed feel-tire local demand for protection ling generally results from constipa-idicum of perventive caution, need fort we must suffer to pay for the moAgainst a foreign foe. It is the feei-!tion. The intestines are clogged and J not iave suffered with the discomfort ment's indiscretion. Often, too, woing on the part of politicians that theHusiness community that depends onthe navy yards to sell supplies wouldresent the closing up of a yard.Butchers and grocers would have togo out of business if a yard were closed. That would mean the removal offamilies, the local Congressman wouldfcfe blamed, and he would lose votes.The people are asking the questionwith force and emphasis, whether jvy yaras, coanng suiuuu&, aimoiier equipment are maintained fortke sake C an efficient fighting forceor to help" politicians get re-elected.During the past 14 years the UnitedSUtes spent $1,656,000,000 on itsjiavy. Germany spent during thesame period but $1,137,000,000. Germany has by far the stronger fightingfarce afloat, or it had until the fortunes of war depleted its fleetThe people are getting more andaiore interested in navy efficiency. Itwill be a live issue at elections, whichCongressmen should realize.the blood becomes poisoned. Relieve jan(1 aDseilce from business. There ar imagine that we can cure our ills bythis condition at once with Dr. King'sNew Life Pills; this gentle, non-grip-higlaxative is quickly effective. Adose at bedtime will make you feelbrighter in the morning. Get a bottle today at your Druggist, 25c.few diseases so insiduous in their at- homely remedies. Frequently a callReal Chinese Dragon.That dragon monster of which theChlDese are so fond did actually exist,according to a Shanghai correspondentf the London Times. It is knownthat reptiles existed, very simlhiv tothe favorite picture J dragons, andthere is reason to believe that somemeasured as long as 0 feet.Public Health Work.In a powerful address delivered before the American Public Health Asftbciatimr Convention "at Tlochester, N.Y., their president. Dr. W. T. SedwicV, jSEVERE COLD QUICKLY CURED.tack as colds and their consequence.'.We tramp around on a wet day, sansovershoes, and the soles of our shoesbecome thoroughly soaked. If themoisture does not reach our -feet thefeet at least feel the effect of thoclammy sole. We go home and sitaround in our damp shoes. The nextmorning we begin to sniffle and weare ready for blie cure, instead of thapreventive. Yet a hot foot bath thenight before might have sent the bloodcoursing through our feet and wardedoff the attack. We sit in a warmhouse in the evening and on Sunday.on the doctor when a cold is in its incipiency will mean a quicker cure thanis possible by resorting to home treatment. Doctors tell us that many seriousdiseases may result from a neglectedcold or a throat affection. Amongthese are rheumatism, tuberculosis,heart trouble and Bright's disease.The medical (profession more andmore is becoming interested in preventive measures.8 We can help themovement along by using commonsense, by remembering that we cannot violate a law of health unless weif we have need for something in thejpay the penalty. Get plenty of freshgarage or on the back porch we rush jair wear more clothing outside theout without sufficient clothing or a 'house and office than we do inside."On December first I had a very ss- nau 1UU cu7 "" l . L"c -v-"'Do not stand tor long in a arait.vere cold or attack of the grip as itja shock anu u oui lesisiance is low, j sleep with the bedroom window up,may be, and was nearly down sick in we very liKeiy nave given a com a DUt in doing so be sure that there isbed," writes O. J. Metcalf, Waterby, good start. We bustle around for an llt) draffc to sraite the back of tlvMo. "I bought two bottles of Cham-.hour or so doing various errands and neck while you sleep.ufiixiua vuufeii ivciucuj u.uu il was gefc tUe DIOOU HOWing rapiaiy lO U1Ponly a few days until I was completely iremotest parts of the body. Then werestored to health. I firmly believethat Chamberlain's Cough Remedy isone of the very best medicines anlwill know what to do when I have another cold." Obtainable everywhere. H(Feb-adv)stand on a street corner for half anhour waiting for a street car anda chill is the result It may be stopped by a good hot bath when we getinto th& housereat-,the evening meal,Make Our Own Solitude.The city does not take away, neither does the country give solitude;solitude is within-us. Joseph Houx.Sole AgencySTACY - ADAMSSHOES$7-oo and $7-50Take Advantage of These Pricesand Save Money,.HARRY LINVILLEM1 1 1 1 M t i IHH 1HHMI 1 1 1 1 1 1 H- H HI H II 1 H 1 1 1,I"h .- rTIjBSDAY, FEBRUARY 27, 1917.THE BOURBON NEWS, PARIS, KY.PAGETHMBen -!4fcklutPOMERENE STANDS BY WILSON. WILSON TO TAKE OATHOF OFFICE MARCH 4.WASHINGTON, Feb. 26. "GeoreYrastaington had his Tories; Abraham WASHINGTON, February 26. ItLincoln had (his copperheads, and was definitely decided to-day thatWoodrow Wilson well, he has the pa- President Wilson will take aiis newoiHsts and some foreigners," said Sen- oath of office in private in the Whitealor Poinerene in a speech before a House on Sunday, March 4. Whetherjoint meeting of the Daughters of the he will take it again at the publicAmerican Revolution and the District ceremony on March 5, or merelyf Columbia Society of the Sons of the make that the occasion for deliveringrlevoolution, held in Memorial Conti- his inaugural address has not beenucntal Hall. decided.President Wilson made a brief ad- A State Department ruling to-dayiress in presenting to Harold F. made it clear that the President mayStoee, a. local sqhoolboy, a medal wait and not take any oath at allawarded by the G. A. R. for a prize until March 5, if he chooses to do so.. J x . 4"1n V rx4- Tkf T- Tto o -vlTi Ain llv n vv-is'hti YistArl liof li rSfiaV. MemOera OL UIO UUiUCl, A. it o-o uim.mii; uuuuuuvtu wi liiuJusserand,SOCIAL AND PERSONAL.Comings and Goings of OurPeople Here, There andElsewhere.--Mr. N. H. Ecklar is recoveringfrom a recent severe illness.Mrs. Edward T. Hinton has retturned from a visit to friends in Cincinnati. Misses Ruth and Eva Ingels havereturned to their home in Cyntjhianaafter a visit to Mr. and Mrs. Geo. M.Tate, near Paris.Miss Mary Calnan has returnedfrom a visit to her sister, Miss Juliathe French Ambassador. President has decided to call an ex- Calnan, in Richmondand other notables were present. tra session of the Senate for MarchSenator Pomerene traced the anal- 5 to consider nominations.ftov hfitween the foreign situation-which existed while President Wasn- LINGERING COUGHS DANGEROUSt.iT-fn wnc in nffip.G and immediatelyifter his retirement, with the situa- Get rid of that hacking cough that, been under medical treatment forMrs. L. M. Lail has returned toher home in Cynthiana after a visitto Mrs. Nettie Lail, in this city.Wr. W. C. Wilkerson has returned from Cincinnati, where he hastion that faces President wnson. Keeps you awaKe at nignt ana aram3Thursday 3'our vitality and energy. Dr. King'sWar with France was averted more New Discovery is a pleasant balsamthan a centurv ago by the firm posi- remedy, antiseptic, laxative andoi? Uk?n by thto Government, he Promptly effective. It sooths , the irri"ail and "so we hope that the firm- tated membrane and kills the coldess of our Chief Executive may give germs; your cough is soon relieved.5w German Imperial Government Delay is dangerous-get Dr. King's4 "lncir ew Discovery at once. For nearlycause to reconsider. fifty yem I(. been taxorilQi M " remedy for grippe, croup, coughs andcolds. Get a bottle to-day at yourDruggist, 25c.(Feb-adv)K$jjTRADE. MARKECEMA REMEDYSold on a guarantee for Eczema.Tetter, Salt Rheum, and similar affections of the skin and scalp. Soldonly bv us, 50c and $1.00.OBERDOFER, The Druggist,Paris Kentucky.PILES! PILES! PILES!WILLIAMS' INDIAN PILE OINTMENTWill cure Blind, Bleeding and Itching Piles.It absorbs the tumors, allays itching at once,acts as a poultice, gives instant relief.For sale by all druggists, mail 50c and 81.00.WILLIAMS MFG. CO., Props., Cleveland, OhioOBERDORFER, The Druggist.some time.Misses Sara and Helen Dedmanhave returned to their homes in Cynthiana after a visit to their aunt,Mrs. R. B. Hutchcraft.Miss Minnie Wolf, who has beena guest of Mrs. John Wilson, at Fourteenth street, for several weeks, willreturn this week to her home in Lawrenceburg, Indiana.Mr. Clyde Richards, of Paris, whohas been employed as shop foremanby the Main Street Garage, in Carlisle, for the past year, has resignedhis position, and with Mrs. Richards,will move to Taris. Mr. Richards,accepted a position with the J. T.Hinton Company, and will assume hisnew duties about the first of March.- -The Stanford Interior-Journalsays: "Mr. and Mrs. Jesse Traylor,formerly of Stanford, have movedfrom Paris to Corbin, where Mr.Tilor will have his headquarters astraveling engineer of the L. & N., inihe future. He spent several daysearly in the week with his father, A.T. Traylor, in the Goshen section."Miss Juliet Turner was at homefrom Friday to Monday from herschool duties at Hamilton CollegeShe was accompanied by three schoolmates. Misses Helen Yantis, UnaVarden and Lora Thompson, of Hamilton College, who were her guests.Viss Turner and guests attended areception given by the young men ofthe M. M. I. at Millersburg, Fridayevening. Mr. and Mrs. Turner gave adining Sunday in honor of their daughter and her guests.(Other Personals on Pape 3.)QllilMIM JSPRAINS!RUB PAINSAND SWELLING AWAYDon't stay crippled !Rub this soothing, penetrating oil right into thesprains, ache or strain, and! out comespain, soreness, stiffness and swellingNothing else penetrates, heals andstrengthens the injured muscles,nerves, tendons and ligaments sopromptly. It doesn't burn or discolorthe skin and can not cause injury.Don't suffer! Get a small trial bottlefrom any drug store now limber up!Rub the misery right out. A momentafter "St Jacob's Oil" is applied youcan not feel the slightest pain or sore-Bridging the distance 'twixtyou and "anywhere."The Bell Telephone, with its 16,000,000 miles ofwire, brings millions of people within earshot ofyour voice.Many thousand of them, living within fifty or ahundred miles, can be reached for a small toll charge.- 1rvrr m 1 ifAii rn -r-i ntiMif irnni vnmlar duties.farm, in your home or in your business. There's a i ta;sk22d XMprofit of time, money or convenience for you in the strains, soreness and stiffness for 6"rii Tl,(-.,U.P, :i WA -rrl1 io 5 years six goiu meuai awitrus-VlJ. X. iltJXXJXX XX JJIX YY XXX UOV !(.Grasp the Opportunity!Call or -write the manager to-day.CUMBERLAND TELEPHONE& TELEGRAPH COMPANYDon't Suffer. Go About Your Du(iesRelief Comes the Moment YouApply "St. Jacob's Oil."mm - $3mk5JSSTl--'?iB-.f , X9dniK ?r-X"tm&z&Msi&":''" '" '?ym.v ti:-ilv " .-i ?.:. . y'7!This is Daisy Baker's Mother. 'Herhints and suggestions on householdeconomy and home baking, which willappear in these columns from time totime, ivill be found of interest and.value to every housewife, ,, 1 ;1???US-KV 'V4A&mK'xV.'.5ttS.l Z. - -fc ?;. 't- .?mm??m. &,. niw'JC.lS m: i.S? i'WWSv':&.xJ$SW'IWhat CanYou Do to Cut Downthe Cost of Living?"Start in with baking at home.It's easy to make good breadbetter than you can buy andyou'll be surprised how much youcan save."All you need is a good recipe and a,good flour these two things arcessential. 3 -4"One of the best flours that I knowone that I have used in my own bakingfor years, is made in Ohio right infVi TVfinmi VoIImt tvTiitv til i!rh 1imf"What you save on the cost of the 1 stone soji produces a soft winter wheatbread is only half the Story. The of peculiarly superior quality..f'":better your bread, the more yourfamily will eat, and, in eating morebread they will naturally eat less ofother more expensive foods."There is twice as much food valuein a pound of flour as in a poundof meat and the meat will costyou probably five times as much.1-&KW"Ask your grocer for a sack of lWilliam TellFlour."It's easy to work with ; you can useit for everything, and it gives a mostdelicious nutty flavor to your baking."Try it in your own home."WILLIAM TELL FLOUR is the Flour of the Triple Guarantee.Guaranteed under the Ohio Better Flour Label, by the manufacturer who made it, and by the grocer who sells it.INCORPONATKDBOX 122. FRANKFORT. KY.(adv)THE NEWS PRINT FAMINEE&JllHlt01!ti;BiaraiSltlJllIICllflMifflfflffli!!lllii!llll!lltift IPLOUIlt Syjya BKmimPor Sale by AH Leading Dealers.CHARMING ADA MEADE facturer whenSAFFRANS TO BE MARRIED item reads:season closes." TheIF YOUinua tiiiiVtlarl Tt?lfVi ilonilniff ftrttilwWhen Ada Meade appeared in Pitts- scal and your hair comin QUtrfr i U nfiTiVo1 iiivitio- ilia tliilr eL. & N. TIME TABLE(Effective Sunday, May 28, 1916, 12.01)TRAIN8 FROM ARRIVALIll Lexington, daily except Sunday -6:18 m24 Atlanta, daily " :2i Cynthiana, daily except Sunday nAIf Rowland, daily except Sunday I'oo amM. Maysville daily except Sunday. wn4t Lexington daily except Sunday.... j:40 amYI ilaysville, daily except Sunday :&" am3f CjncinnaU, O., daily i " an12 Lexington, daily : iSa? SChicago, daily .-..- i2nn ?n2C Lexington, Daily Except Sunday 12-00 m3t Cynthiana, Daily Except Sunday .55 pmS Maysville, Daily Except Sunday 3.00 pm" 13 Lexington, Daily 3-15 ZS5 Knoxville, Tenn., Daily s-lo SS33 Maysville, Daily ?:S SS3fl Cincinnati, Daily Except Sunday 5.50 pm14 Lexington, Daily Except Sunday 6.18 pm32 Jacksonville, Fla.. Daily in4s SmM. Cincinnati, O Daily 10-23 d S1 Lexington Dally 1U' p mTRAINS POR LEAVE1 Nl Maysville, Daily except Sunday :30 am24 Cincinnati, waily 7:4c amf- 4 CincinnaU, daily except Sunday 7.47 amit VL Lexington, daily except Sunday 7:48 am1 Z tociio dailv exceot -Sunday ' ami i- TTdtncr riaiiv excent Sunday H -52 amjm. izaxx6, ----- - y:& am37 KnoxviUe, daily ...10:20 amXU Lexington, daily 10:22 amat Jacksonville, daily .. .12:04 proIS Maysville, daily "'":i' ."! 12:05 pm: 2S Cnthlana, daily except ouuu.j 3-17 prof 13 Lexington, daily except Sunday IO pm1 34 Cincinnati, daily S-57 nm; 9i Lexington, daily except Sunday .5.57 pm, . s Rowland, Dally except Sunday J 33 m4 i 14 MaysvlUe, daily except Sunday 638 cmAl nA OVilnotrn rlflllv ! ,r3f Cynthiana, daily except Sunday S'-ll Smh -9a Txkvintrnn. Sunday oniy , .. -115 Maysville, Sunday only 9:40 pro&3 us Rowiana, ounuay urn 6:35 pm12 Lexington, DailyTIME-TABIjEmm 1 TRAINS ARRIVE FROM2 mnkfort, Ky.r D.I1T Bx. Sunday J;"'SSKis ;"; m'- .iJSSSt1: S: St SSS?:::::::::::::::::-- '. ..There is talk of improving prospectsfor more reasonable .prices and supplies-ofnews print paper. It is to bo.hoped that .there may be somethingmore in this than talk. At the samotime certain conditions must be recognized that do not encourage the expectation of a rapid return, to a normalmarket.For instance, three mills are shuttingdown because of scarcity of coal, woodor cars; while in Canada, whence thAmerican mills get 1,000,000 cords ofpulpwood a year, the report is that thecut of pulpwood this year will not be75 per cent of last year's cut.A material factor in keeping up thenewsprint famine is the lack of carsfor the shipment of both the raw material and fuel to the mills and the paper to tine consumers: while even wherecars are obtainable freight blockadeon the roads renders the supply of paper that the mills do ship precariousThe Courier-Journal.for example, hasbut recently received two shipmentsof paper made as long ago as the middle of December, while all the shipments made in January are still onthe road somewhere between Louisville and the mills.It is not strange that under the circumstances newspapers are beingforce 1 to suspend publication, and thatin order to conserve the supply ofnewsprint that is available the imperative policy being enforced by the newspapers generally is to "cut everythingto the bone." Courier-Journal.With a picture of charming "Ad. i)Urg m "Katinka" during the week of askyOU to tTyMeade," a Pittsburg paper has an in- November 6 she did more than -winteresting note of iher reported engage- the favor of her audiences she capment to be married. "Ada Meade" i tureclr the heart of a Pittsburger. Thenow in Cincinnati with the "Katinka affair was not one-sided, for it is said jCompany playing a return week there, tiiat at the end of the season the girl 1and with her mother, Mrs. Dame1 wm g0 to the altar to the tune of theSaffarrans, is at the Sinton Hotel. wedding march.The headlines of the note say "Actress wins heart of Pittsburg man." Her husband-to-be is an. -official in"Fair Ado Meade to wed steel manu- a local steel corporation and the an-'nouncement that he is to marry Miss. Meade is no surprise to those whopn TT11'kTT (were guests at the dinners which hep jv KCiIN 1 save in her honor.Three unfurnished rooms at No. 733 jXtUHtU UYCliUC. "Ul. O.UU. vwm ,.wand other conveniences. Call HomePhone 339. (jan30-tf)jfc!TRADE MARKHAIR TONICon our guarantee that it will giryou relief and satisfaction or monecrrefunded. Sold only by us, 50c am?1.00.OBERDOFER, The Druggist,Paris Kentucky.DOING THEIR DUTY.Scores of Paris Readers are Learning the Dirty of the Kidneys.Notice To the Public!I will pay this season the nighesiprices that have ever been known mParis for horse hides, beef hides,hep pelts and furs.I will also pay the highest marketprice for Rags and Paper. I will sendafter it any place in '.he city. Callby Cumberland phone 374. Office onEighth Street.(20-oct-lyr) MAX MUNICH.Public SaleOFStock and Farm andRoad Machinery.To filter the blood is the kidneys'duty.When rtiliey fail to do this the kid-nnv nra ivonlrm,j u. wtu.. ...... j. wii ,T of WivBackache and other kidney ins may i wm oner ul 4uuu bwfollow place on the ML Sterling pike, one-HelD the kidneys do their work. half mile from North JHidaiewwn, onUse Doan's Kidney Pills the tesved kidney remedy.Paris people endorse their worth.Mrs. John Mastin, 1439 High street,Paris, says: "I have used Doan's Kidney Pills with very good results andI can (tell from the help they weieto me that they would be beneficialin other cases of kidney trouble. Ihad a dead, dull ache across the smallof mv back and my kidneys were irregular in action. Doan's KianeyPills rid me ot these complaints anaI have faith enough in them so thatif I should need a kidney remedy, 1would certainly take Doan,'s.'Wednesday, Feb. 28, 1917,at 10 o'clock a. m., the followiug destribed property:1 rock dent;1 crusther;1 elevator;1 kerosene engine (Int. Harvester) ;2 camp houses;2 dump carts;Quarry tools;1 team, wagon and harness;Block and tackle and 200 ft. rope;1 steel road plow;Other articles too nupierous to menHU A "2 in 1 Shoe Polish" is made for every use. For Black Shoes. M9 "2 in 1 Black" (paste) and "2 in 1 Black Combination" (paste and 1jH and "2 in 1 Tan Combination'' (paste and liquid). BM F. F. DALLEY CO. of Now York, Inc. Buffalo, N.Y. Bt- i r-n n .11 Anlyrt Tlnn't ttrinsimply ask for a kidney remedy get' TERMS Made known on day ofDoan's Kidney Pills the same that sale. -. ... -Mrs. Maatin had. Foflfcer-Milburn Cp.,' abb wkmiub.Props., Buffalo, N. Y. TOM. WELLS. Auctioneer.(adv) l fetlMl) ,., u-.ai- oi--HERE IS A GOOD PLACE TO STOP FOR LITTLE MONEY.LOUISVILLE HOTEL, Louisville, Ky., Main St, bet 6th & 7tb.The Only Hotel in Louisville Operated on the American and European PlaneAMERICAN PLAN Rooms without Bathv but with Hot and Cold Rurmtaiwater (With Meals)75 Rooms single, $2.00 per day; 2 people, 2.0f eack50 Roams .. Single, 2.50 per day; 2 people, 25. ck.50 Front Rooms Single, 3.00 per day; 2 people, 2.50 mo.Rooms with Private Bath:50 Rooaa single, 3.00 per day; 2 people, 2.75; each50 Rooms single, 3.50 per day; 2 people, 3.00- eekEUROPEAN PLAN Room without Bath but with Hot and Cold nimftlMWater (Without Meals)75 Rooms Single, 51.00 per day; 2 people, $.7V50 Rooms single, 1.25 per day; 2 people, Uf50 Front Rooms single, 1.60 per day; 2 people, ljfRooms with Private Bath:50 Rooms single, 1.50 per day; 2 people, 1.3 sack50 Rooms single, 2.00 per day; 2 people, 1.59 tackTHE OLD INN, Louisville, Ky., Cor. 6th and Main Sts., European Plan, Only.Rooms Without Bath, $1 and up; Rooms With Private Bath, $1.50 ami up.BEST EATING PLACE IN TOWN.The Louisville Hotel aad the Old Inn are located in tke wkolasalt dtetrietand only a. three-block's walk to the retail district ami theatres. iLoutsvKc Hotel and Old Inn Company, Props. )1 ACE FOURTHE 30URB0N NEWS, PARIS, KY.Tuesday, February 27, 1117n' "VJx'JARfS HIGH WINS BOTHGAMES OF DOUBLE-HEADEBThe boys' and girls' basket balljswims of the Clark County Higni-M-MI Mil a-JTt IIIM III 1'IIHl 311 i IIH 1 III 1..i m. !., Sww .,,., " """ r , ; V- , a "" - -tfiey ran afoul of tne boys' and girlsteams of the Paris Higfli School in astruggle n the floor of the Y. M. C.,A gymnasium. "The Invincibles,"Jttifc girls' team) piled up a score of'.56 to the Winchester girls' 15, whiletne P. H. S. boys' team downed theiropponents from the capital of Clark"by a score of 34 to 19.There was a large crowd in attendance at the games, which were pronounced by many to have been thebest ever witnessed on the Y. M. C.A. floors. It was full of vim and gofrom first to last, and was never overuntil the final count. On next TnursiSCOred highday night at the Y. M. C. A. the boysl.ain will play the team from the Richinond High School. This, too, will bou ery interesting game, as the Rich-J?anond boys are said to be adepts inthe game.The girls' team, recognized as oneof the best in the State, met and de-feated the Margaret College team at,Yers&Ule5 last "week by a score of 51to 18. If any team in Central Kentucky gets by this bevy of basketball tossers. it will be because of!;ome inexcusably bad playing on the'rt of the local team.The "Winchester boys' team attributed their defeat to the sudden illness L,-srhich Capt. Osborne, of their teamsuffered just before the game started.We was taken suddenly ill on thefloor and had to be taken from thefjymnasium to a nearby physician'soffice, where he was given medical attention-The Clark county teams wereaccompanied' to Paris by Prof. Robt.'Berryman, Miss Mary Wood and Prof.2. R. Murphy, of Winchester, as-chaperones.SALESMAN WANTED.To solicit orders for lubricating oils,j?reases and paints. Salary or commission. Address,LINCOLN OIL, CO.,(It) Cleveland, O,MR. JOHN FOX, JR., TOVISIT PARIS SOON.Mr. John Fox, Jr., the noted author,. native of Bourbon county, is a guest-of his brother, Mr. Everett Fox, whoresides on the Maysville pike, nearLexington, where he will remain several days. Mr. Fox spent a large partof his life in "Paris and Bourboncounty, and will be the guest of frieudsand relatives in,, this city some tiuieduring his Kentucky visit.MARGOLIN'SSPECIALSFor This WeekFresh-CaughtFishDressed to Order Free.MflRGOLEN'STHE SANITARY MEAT MARKETFOR FRIDAY ANDSCeleryFresh TomatoesCurly LettuceHead LettuceRadishes SalsifyNew TurnipsSpinachSweet PotatoesNew BeetsStrawberries- Dressed TurkeysSteaks, Chops, RoastsOystersWILMOTHGrocery Co.Phone 376PARIS BOWLING LEAGUE.That the bowling game in Paris Islosing none of its interest was amplyevidenced by .the attendance at thegame between the Curtis Henry & Co.Jtt. ""J1. :.T",r...Z..r":. -a w .ana me uouruun iuuu.y muiau.onIght. This, too, in spite of other attractions.Thp Hnrv team trnt it over theirlopponents to tne extent of 132 pins ina nicely bowled game, some high av-erages being made. For the victors.Faulkner carried off both first andsecond honors by bowling 197 in thethird game and 19J m tlie first, givirjjhim an average of 173. Lytle bowleda consistent game, being very clos3behind Faulkner, having 185 and 180as hi? best scoresThe other mem-bers of the team bowled from 123 noto 166For the Laundry team Nealigh with 175, while Jacksoncame second with 169. Tom Funkannexed tflie highest average for histemn. e-ettinc 158 1-3. The score fo' -'lows:CURTIS HENRY & CO.(Faulkner 193;SUankland 138. Harper 13712713414218013819716114,Lytle 185Henry 1381.3166BOURBON LAUNDRYTotals 791mien 130771100133175150159Eurgln 139Neal 137Jackson 169Fimk 15216Totals 727 717 729Curtis Henry Totals 230.",Bourbon Laundry Totals . . . .217.?n Tr . . .. -..,Curtis Henry Majority l.Flans are being made for enlargingaiiu remodeling the Fordham Alley;for next season. Jackson & Denton' - 41wmm ,irtof tnree new teams, one of them madesav they propose to have alleys sec-. Paris, was second in the list, bringingond to none in the State. The League $725, which was paid by Mr Henry.;n icv i,0 i. QQeo,i iw ia nrtrtinnn Williams, of Buffalo, New York. Theup of L. & N. men, another of retail, ' Pridet ch h (4)f Rexall Princeclarks and another a team from tiie Gold Foil by Highland Denmark;county. j Charles Black, Pariis, $335.Kinny, ch g (3), All Peavine LadyLEXINGTON VS. PARIS. Mack by Bourbon King; W. H. Wha-The Paris team met defeat at the .ley. Paris, $110.hands of the Lexington team in a Treasure, b g (5). Bourbon KnigMr.ame played at the Adams Alleys in " Roscoe; Charles Black,I-winr r-flay night, by a major-1 Th; EcI0 b g (5) Woo(1Iand Echoity ot 217 pins. Some unusually higl- I Carolyn Bell by Illustration; W. H.scores were made, running close ( whaley, Paris, $180.around the 200 mark in several frames, j JoelGrover, blk g (11), Joel TopsyFor Lexington, Adams rolled 222. 200, McKee by Mark Wilton; W. H. Wha193 Linney bowled 205, 203 and 190, , ley, Paris, $130.-vhile the lowest was 146. Duncan 'Elizabeth Knight ch f, Bourboni i i i. t. .. rD o i Knight Barbaria by Cloud Kingmade the Highest score for Pans and t Black paris $7Qtho highest in the three games, bowl-, Doan Knight br c (1), Bourbonins 226 in the first game. Funk was Knteht Tdiuuie bv Kentucky Squir-!pc-cond with 200 in the second gameThe Paris boys took their defeat good.. l jt -,j ... .,,i f fV.of tIlULUrUUlV, clllU CIC piuuu ciu uiai u.their scores. The score followsLEXINGTON.13222192jAdnms 193j Horn 177' Frcsman 178JBivin 169I Linney 20520017017216120390614b181190Totals 922I 1I PARIS.j 1(Duncan 226JKenry -... .. ..160JUadden 172Thomas. . '. 155JFunK 1459u22 3178" ISO1721431432001611KX1"166-.tni ... ..858 836 849Lexington Totals 2760Paris Totals 2543Lexington Majority 217B-4 FIREInsure withW n HINTTIN SL QOM Acrid" v vn w uwii,n5wTWO ALARMS SUNDAY."Tl-iQ nnono onrl ;miul rf GnuHnv wojX iLJ TCkW UUU lUi,b IA. UUI1UUJ HUkJroof of a cottace on Seventh streetaccupied by Mr. Mann, an alarm be-Ine turned in from Box 21. The sec-one alarm came about 2:30 Sunday af-ternoon from Box 1, caused by a pileof rubbish near the Standard OilCo.'s tanks near the L. & N. railroadcatching fire. Both fires were extin-guished in short order by the department. Xoss trifling.. . , .fire, Wind and lightning in-surance.Thomas, Woodford & Bryan.Jdisturbed for the I'aris fire depart- and w- H- Hodgkin, representing the;ment by two alarms of fire. The first IiemP growers of Clark county, whs ( 1 pair mares, coming 6-years-old, inwas caused by a small blaze on the closed Fridav ni&ht- when tiie Pai'i& , fo1 ?JiQeisht f00' e?tra &oodrnnf of a. nottuM nn Seventh streefc Arm became owners of the remaini.s 1 ?& filly, coming 4-years-old,jsum of $137,500, while that which wasMILUONrDOLLAR FIRE ,m consummated Friday night will readh-aJN LOUISVILLE, total of $141,000, making a total of- T .$277,500, realized from about two-Damage aggregating more than $1.-thirds of the total' acreage of hemp000,000 was caused by a fire which ralsed in Clark coimty during the pastSaturday night destroyed the eleva- year ,tors of the Kentucky Public Elevator; Nolimit g been placed on the meCompany, in Louisville, and destroyed for the delivery of the hemp for whichor aamagea sevemy-nve rreignt caisstanding on. siorage traces ueiongingto tlie Illinois Central Railroad.Approximately 50,000 bushels ofwheat, corn, rye and oats, stored inthe elevators, were destroyed Of therailroad cars destroyed a few wereciuptj, .V7H111C iuu ituuuiuuci were luau-ed with merchandise and lumber.MOTOR CAR SALE.The Franklin Motor Car Co., of Lexjiiigton, reports the sale Saturday of aseries .9 Franklin touring car to WA. Gaines, of Paris.HORSE SALES AT LEXINGTON CLOSED FRIDAY.The three days' sales of horsewhch as been in progress at Tatterfta"f' "l Jf?' 08ef? dfl?th Wie sale of saddle horsesA.poor gg o offerings was responsi-ble for the low averages of the trot-ting skock sold at the Thursday sale.Ninety head sold durine the dav for?19,025, an average of $211 per head,wm was conbiuerauiy unuer me a -yfBlllljLo?n'0llZefin?1. (JaysStoif0r an aggregate of $247.Among the purchases made byBourbon county horsemen were thefollowing:Black horse (6), General Adalle,v , W1J? . """. ". n.wnaiey, .rans, $u.Lady Nell Hamilton, br m (11), TheBondsman Ross Riley by Bermuda;j. m. Caldwell, Paris, $195.Northern Banker, b c (1), TheNorthern Man Lady Bird Vlasby byJay Bird; J. M. Caldwell, Paris, $70any liny ijj, iuorgan ax wormy(Bingen's Elise by Bingen; J. Mj Caldwell, Paris, $55.Red Cross Knight, b h (4), Sphinx,. Cassie McGregor by Robert McGregor; W. H. Wlialey, Paris, 40. iDorothy King, b f, Ebony KingDorothy Vernon by Triplex; CliarleTarr, Paris, $85.I Hat Black, ch g (9), Earl Patch-"-Lady Pauline by Slay; Maple Lawi;'Farm. Paris. S200. iKing Todd, br h (11), Todd Mag3 '!,ie Wilkes by Sentinel Wilkes; D.7'3 Thomas, Paris, $300.165 1 Spotlight, b m (9), Searchlight134 Maggit Wilkes by Sentinel Wilkes;,- D. Thomas, Paris, $360.,?; Brutus Forbes, blk c (2), J. Mai-,, colm Forbes Evelyn by Jay Bird; BB. uiay, fans, $iuu.I At the close of tne sale of tne saddie horses Friday 132 horses had beensold for an aggregate of $30,075, anaverage of $228 per head The topipiiue ui liiu uuy u yum uy ix. 111'Moreland, of Lexington, for Kings. f flnl(mmfiP.. niiief Hiibury, son of Montgomery Chief Hil-dred by Highland Denmark, whicnbrought $1,000. Auto-Be-King, at splendid prize-winning stallion, the' property of Mr. W. C. Massie, o!Bourbon county purchasers at the. . a.B w fnl,nwar"nv'i ol pc wprp n f'nllnwsrel; Charles Black, Paris, $45.1 Highland Knight, br c (1), Bourbon-Knifrht TiHv Tue hv Hiirhland Den-1."0.. j o - . !, jmark: Charles Black, Pans ?6o.I Chester Downing, b h (9), Chester.McDowell Nell Sublett by Joe Downing; Charles Black, Paris, $90.1 Durbm, b h (6), Chester McDowcl Nell Sublett by Joe Dawning;fftsirles Black. Paris. S190.-fo.lr fMmo U li rfil Phoctor MrDowell Warn by Squirrel Denmark;W. H. Whaley. Paris, $150.nhestniit colt m. Roosevelt ITazHlnio.1 n. x ms V" I . v...w. ..,. ;' nutc. Mnvueen uy iMimitJiict; iuei , uiuiavBros., Norm Miaaietown, ?ou. i' Georgianna, br f (2), Rosevelt-Lena Collins by Sterling Denmark,McCJray Bros., North Middleiown,$135.Yaida. ch f (3).Rexall Prince- -Lena Chief by MontgomeryChief;Charles Black, Paris, $175.i Rex Prince, ch c (2), Rexall PrinceLady Chief 2d by Bourbon Chief;Charles Black, Paris, $100.Starlight, ch h (1) Ttexall PrinceCatherine Ware by Bourbon King;Charles Black, Paris, $75.t PARIS FIRM BUYS HEMPCROP AT HIGHEST FIGURES.A deal which has been pending Tjiseveral days between representatives'of the firm of E. F. Spears & Sons, ofParis, and a committee composed ofMeSSrS. JOS. SL.masay, k. jj. Hunte.one-half million pounds or Clarkcounty hemp at the record price of?14-10- This is said t0 be Ule hlSh -stPnce to be Taid lor nemp since taedays of the Civil War.The Paris firm recently purchased,one-half of the Clark county hempcrop, which is approximately 1,U00.-000 pounds at $13.75 per hundrelpounds, taking an option on that re'mainimr in the hands of the growers,!Wlth the privilege of exercising the !option on orbefore March 1. TheadeBl " they de wt!, Clark counly growers aggregatedthetnereCent deal was madeThe hempwas sold with the understanding thatthe crop will be delivered at Winchester at points specified by tnerrr-n.-arat'o TVTi IVlorinii Tsnoli trkf P.iric?epresenting B;F. Spears & 'g N,iU'charge of Uie winchester .lcliy.eries, which, as soon as put in shape,will be sliipped to a point in Massachusetts, where it will be put throughthe milling process.Anyone who keeps on predictinga cold wave in the winter time willundoubtedly havejiis prediction corneltrue. - 1HEMP SEED STILL COM-MANDING HIGH PRICE.HeniD seed, which last year commianded the highest price in almostIhalf a century, has'taken another reo-ord jump, according to the hemp seeddealers in this city, who have been !beseiged with orders for the spring.planting. Another shortageof. tha,t seed and the same condition which'confronted the grower last season! which had the effect -of reducing thederwould have been much larger, is now-facedThe hemp seed market opened thisseason at $3.50 per bushel and the demand has been so great that duringthe past several weeks the price hasjumped from that figure to $12.50 perbushel. So numerous are the orders that the local dealers say thatthey will be unable to fill them owingto the extreme scarcity and scoreswho have contemplated planting hemiduring the coming season will mostlikely meet with disappointment, asonly a few are to be had at the highfigure quoted.Found.A nice raincoat was found at theTraction Co.'s office on Saturdaynight. Owner can have same by paying for this advertisement and provingl-roperty. (27-3t)For SaleSeveral carpets, mattings, and somfurniture for sale, at once. Also asplendid stone-lined refrigerator.MRS. DOUGLAS THOMAS, SR.Scott Avenue, Paris.Cumb. Phone 3G0.(It)Wanted.A good, sober white man and wife,or a middle-aged single man to garden and take care of place.(27-lt) MRS. C. M. CLAY.NOTICEEffective from date of Feb. 24, 19 1 7,persons, mechanics, trades people,merchants, etc., are notified not tocharge to my account or extend creditin my name exce,pt a written orderfrom tho undersigned, authorizes tnesame. This notice forbidding unauthorized credit applies equally to allorders for labor, materials, repaiis,etc., supplies to tenants of my properties, or to any person, except uponwritten order signed as below.NELLIE S. HIGHLAND.(feby27-tf)Locust Posts.We have for sale a few 10-foot locustposts, light weight and suitable for igrape arbors. Prices range from 75cents to $1.50 each. Place vour ordero4.i Ul , . .Li,i cS.h ?r o- "eW unP,az.ed II "?oiy.saah. Price 2o cents per pair,wnne iney lastTTrTMILLER & LILLESTON.Either Phone 41.(24tb-tf) Paris, Ky.Public SaleOFLive Stock, Crop and FarmingImplements.Owing to my health I am comDelleri'to give up farming, and will sell atpublic auction on ir.y premises, fourmiles east of North Middletown, onFriday, March 9, '17,of 1A x'rtlirttr r i 4-1 rn : 1sprlhpd nrnnprfv.broke to ride and drive:1 aged mufe, good worker;1 horse nonv. comine 4-vejirs-nlili broke ;i ilorse mule coming 3-years-old;l chestnut filly, coming 3-years-old,by Richelieu King, registered;1 Jersey cow, calf by side, good one;J rfid cow, will be fresh by day oftt , .f r J5 barrels of corn in crib;1 bed and frame for above;1 Deering rake, good as new;1 corn planter, checkrods wire:rower, 1001 2-hoxse sled, good condition; -12-fliorse cultivator, Avery;1 (shovel tobacco plow;! 2 breaking plow's, Vulcan No. 12,left-hand;One-half interest in Deering binder,practically new;(Jhe-half interest in tobacco setter;1 Frazier break cart; .1 set cart harness;3 or 4 sets work harness;2 sets wagon harness, leather tugs;1 3-section'A harrow, with setshandles;1 Randell harrow;1 marker;1 grass seed stripper, 2 sets combs;1 boring machine, with all bits complete; 1 tarpaulin 18324 feet, 12 cunce;Hoes, forks, and many other thingstoo numerous to mention.TERMS Made known on day ofsale.GEORGE C FLANDERS,North Middletown, Ky.,R.-F.-D. NO. 1GEO. D. SPEAKES, Auct.'feb 27-mar-6)! ! ! 4 ! ! ! ! ! ! .1 ! .f ! .j. ! !! VWolf, Wile & Co.Spring FashionsReady for InspectionAfford Excellent Selection for the Early Chooser ofTHE NEW MODES-, We Especially FeatureSPORTS AND SEMI-SPORTS, SUITS AND COATSSuitable for Southern Resort Wear.ALSONew Afternoon DressesNew Tailored SuitsNew Spring CoatsNew Tailored Skirtsand a Wonderful Array ofFresh Spring Blouses5j.tWe Further Announce Our Complete Lines ofInfants' and Children's WearThe Daintiest and PrettiestLITTLE DRESSES AND HEADWEARFor Infants to 6 Yearsand Girls 8 to 17 YearsWith Specially Fine Selections for Growing Girls, UsuallyT J If L LT1 mm. m ,neierrea to as flappers" or TheAwkward Age.' 'Garments With Style- Sizes 12 to 17 Years. . XMODERATELY PRICED. XWolf, Wile . Co.I Lexington,t4"j"H"H'I'I"l"H4i.I..I.iI..l...l..Hi.y....I..I,.j,.t..;..'M"M'"MhI. I 1 .!..l..f.it .ImTmT IT..T..T..T.,jrWell Finished, Strong Durable, Light Draft.Rib Strengthened Mold, Full Chilled Shinpiece, InterlockedPoint, Land and Standard. Point has Face Chill, Wide EdgeChill, Long Snoot Chill, Patented Extension and is theSTRONGEST and MOST DURABLE Chilled Point made.Whn buying a Plow, coiuider Quality First, Pric SecondFOR SALE BYS. Ball Oarage.Cor. Fourth and, .Pleasant Sf. .Agents Buick AutomobilesGoodyear TiresOur Vulcanizing Departmentis equipped with steam vulcanizer and run by an expert.Steam Heated GarageOPEN DAY AND NIGHTiiiiniimuiuiiiiuti..niiv I liHHIiHjlt! . !, . ! !. ! ! ! .j. ,. !. ! .j. .f. .. ii . i. .i. ,. .j. .j. .; .j. .f.. ,Kentucky.iTiiTiiTiiTnTi T - 'rTTTTTTWfTTTTMMnni fll 1 1 1 1 HI I M I J -g-VULCAN Er PLOWSMadc by The VulCan PlOW CO., Eyanmne, M. I!ttZXXXXTUESDAY, FEBRUARY 27, 1917.THE BOURBON NEWS, PARIS, KY.PAGE FIYtmAi-H&FOR THE BESTNOTHING ELSESOCIAL AND PERSONAL.of the Bourbon LumberComings and Goings of OurPeople Here, There andElsewhere.TO DELINQUENT WATERCONSUMERS.Water consumerswhose bills from January to April 1 st remain unpaid will bediscontinued March1st.PARIS WATER CO.(feb 27-tf )WATERPROOF COATS.Miss Margaret Shea has relumolfrom a visit to friends in Lexington.Miss Pearl T3rown is vjsiting h.vaunt, Mrs. T. S. Brown, in Winchester. -Mrs. Ernest Martin has retumelfrom a visit to Mr. and Mrs. GeorgeMartin, in Stanford.Miss Hazel Myers has returnedfrom a visit to her sister. Mrs 1, ajlshmael, in Lexington.Mrs. Mollie Nash, has returned toher home in Winchester, after a visitto Dr. and Mrs. J. A. Gilkey, ill Paris.Miss Lena Mae Jones has returned to Qier home in Winchester after avisit to Miss Elizabeth! Tarr, in thiscity.Mr. Walden Mains is at homefrom Middletown, Ohio, for a shortvacation stay with relatives near thisDon't you think you'll be needingxme soon? We have a dandy here .city.made of a knitted material that's wa-1 "Mr and Mrs. Edwin Tadlock, ofterproof, and doesn't require pressing Virsinia nave returned to their home$20 the price. t after a visit Mr- and' Mrs. Thorn well(It) T w daviq a rr TadJock, in Paris.Kit) J. W. DAMS & CO. Miss Affneg Turnei Qf the par.;Home School, gave two very delightHEED THIS NOTICE. ful readings at the Lexington College. J of Music, Friday afternoon.Within the next few weeks thero i Mrs- W. E. Ellis, Mrs. Thomas W.Mill be a general trading of places Allen, and Mrs. Carlie Wilmoth, ofamong a large number of tenants and Paris, attended the funeral and burialfarmers in this county, who will be of. Irs- Elizabeth Megibben, at Cynmoving from place to place. To bo tniana.eure of getting THE NEWS, our sub-' Irs- J- T- Hazelrigg, of Winchesecribers should drop us a postal card ter formerly Miss Laugherty, of Paris,to-day, telling us when and wher entertained the Bridge Club at herthey -will move, and giving both their none in Winchester, Thursday. Seveld and new address. We will then eral from Paris atrended.hee that your address is changed at Ir- Jeff Elgin, of Paris, attendedthe rig2it time. jthe annual home-coming banquet giv-. i en in Lexington. Saturday night by.the Sigma Nu Fraternity Society ofWEATHER FORECAST FOR WEEK the University of Kentucky.Mrs. W. A. Harp, of the ParisTflie weather forecast for the week Home School, was the week-end guestbeginning Sundav, Feb. 25. is as fol f Mr- and Mrs- E- c- Cleveland, atInwc- .tneir cLiLracuve country nome on tlieFor Ohio Valley and Tennessee.Georgetown pike, near Paris.Misses Elizabelih Tarr and Annethe officeCompany.Mr. Jack Hevell, of Chicago, is ageust of friends in tnis city.Miss; Elizabeth Rymell is visitingMrs. Mm. Muir, near Lexington.I Miss Marv Lenihnn ?a n imact rl er sister, Mrs. Wm. Dodd, in Lexington. Mr. and Mrs. Arthur B. Hancockhave returned from a visit in NewYork. Misses Elizabeth Brown and Margaret Afdery and Mrs. Sidney Ardery, Jr., attended the dance givenin Danville, Thursday evening.The Pastor's Aid Society of thePresbyterian church will hold an allday sewing at the Manse to-day. Afull attendance of the members is requested. Mrs. Joseph James will entertainthe members of the Philathea Class ofthe Baptist church at her home onParrish avenue, from two to five,Thursday afteroon. Those who desireto join the class are requested to bepresent on this occasion. IMrs. William Burchfield, of Vincennes, Indiana, is a guest of her sis--ters,Mrs. Henry A. Power and MissMary Bashford, on South Main streetMrs. Burchfield is en route for a visitto her old home at Pineville, Ky., andthe conclusion of her visit there willieturn to Paris for a longer visit withher sisters. iMr. James H Thompson went t'i 'Frankfort yesterday to attend thesession of the Legislature, in the interest of the Kentucky Tax-PayersLeague. Mr. Thompson will addressthe members of the Legislature, Wednesday. Mr. Thompson's address tothe General Assembly, which hedelivered last Wednesday on the subject of "Taxation," has been issued inpamphlet form from THE NEWS jobrooms. Mr. Thompson took severalhundred copies of the pamphlet toFrankfort for distribution among thelegislators, and to all interested inthe subject of tax reform and equaliza-,tion.(Other Personals on Pages 3 and 8)32Rain probably Monday and Tuesday, ' Louise White attended the Washingand about Friday; other days probably ton Birthday dance given in Trimfair. Moderate temperatures first ble's Hall by the younger society setpart, followed by considerably colder . of Mt. Sterling, Thursday night,.about Wednesday and warmer latter I Prof, and Mrs. J. M. Scott, who repart of week. jcenily sold their farm near Shawhan,navn renueu auu moveu into tne up.i .ANNOUNCEMENT.DO YOU KNOW?? . .: p uiiian resiaence, at tine corner oi,Mt. Airy avenue and Houston avenueMr. Alvin Thompson and rlissi Mary Kenney .Webber representedDo you know that we have more Paris at the dance given by thej.'oods than any grocery in Paris, and Georgetown Social Club, at the Neware taking care k our trade better t Lancaster Hotel, in Georgetown, lastiand cheaper? week. I(1) C. P. COOK & CO. j Prof. John L. Bosley, Messrs. Levi j,uoir anu uarnett rox anu musses laiIcille Porter and Eliza Goff, of WinCOUNTY SUPERINTENDENT OFSCHOOLS.We are authorized to announce MRJ. B. CAYWOOD as a candidate forthe Democratic nomination for CountySuperintendent of Schools of Bourboncounty, subject to tilie action of theDemocratic voters of Bourbon county,at the primary election on August 4,1917.WILL PROBATED.. 'Chester, were in Paris, Friday night,The will ot Mr. Robert L. Thomas.' to witness the Paris-Winchester bas-formerly of Paris, who died at his 1-et I3?11 gme . , . . . ,, . T . . , , Mrs. Edgar Tingle entertainedhome in Lexington, several days ago. the memberaBof the jbuveniie Missionwas admitted to probate in the Fay- ary Society of the Methodist churchette County Court. The instrument with a "Washington party" at hedevises all his estate, real, personal home at Main and Sixteenth streets,and otherwise, to his wife, Mrs. Irma Friday afternoon.Trent Thomas. Mrs. Thomas, who Mr. John M. VanMeter, of Danwas named as executor, qualified by ville, who has been visiting his niece.furnishing bond. .i .. "". " -""- " -guest of his daughter, Mrs. JohnIT PAYS TO ADVERTISE. Woodfort. and Mrs. Woodford, at their .home near Pans., . , .,, ' Hon. Reuben Hutchcraft, Secre-lt does pay to advertise! Its a tary of Uie state Tax CommissioK Iproposition that none in this enlight will deliver an address on "Taxa-ened age can deny. In the last issue tion," to the members of the Women's !of THE NEWS, Mcs. C. M. Clay ad- Clubs of Lexington, on Saturday af-,rertised for a man and wife to take temoon, at tihree o'clock,care of premises and to do gardening Mrs. Virgil Swinford, who hasota Monday a letter came in the been a patient at the Massie Memo-nmrninir mail from Mrs. Clav to the rial Hospital, in this city for several (------ ----- "::"", . , weeks, lias aoout recovered. &ne nasWall Paper!Spring time is almost here. Everyhouse-keeper is busy renewing everyroom for the coming, season.Now, don't forget when you areready for your Wall Paper, we havea large stock to select from of everykind and pattern. Prices to suit ,every pocketbook.Also have a large stock of EnamelWare. Prices range from 10c up.THE FAIRgone to Lexington for a visit to hereffect that THE NEWS ad hadbrought m twelve replies. mother. Mrs. Mollie Jones.This shows how w idely THE NEWS Ir. Elbridge Snapp came overis read in this territory. If you from Frankfort, Sunday, and spent thewant to get results, advertise in THE day with relatives in Paris, returningNEWS. Monday. Mr. Snapp is greatly pleas-ed with fliis new home and his newMADE TO YOUR IDEAS. .position with the J. W. Gayle DrugCompany.. .lnn f 0 oll!t ;e ' Messrs. Clarence Harney, GeorgeWhatever your idea of a suit is. Gardner Franpis Ritchie and Nealwe'll build it for you, just to your SullivaRt composing the University ofspecifications, and we'll make it right. Kentucky Quartette, were in Paristoo. Early choosing is advantageous. Sunday, en route to Lexington frdmlt) J. W. DAVIS & CO. .Maysville, where they had been as-Msting in an entertainment given byBURGLARIOUS VISITATION. .the school.The Tampa, Fla., correspondenceThieves effected an entrance into in Sunday's Courier-Journal says:the restaurant of Mr. Adam B. Davis. "J- H. Fuhrman. oi Paris, has arrivedon Tenth street, w.iich has been clos- Wa Jojnmg .ed for some time. They cut out the Mr Fuhrman was accompanied bheavy -wire screen on a rear window ittle Miss Emny Fithian, also ofand threw the window catch. A paris."quantity of cigars, chewing tobacco A larRe crowd of parjs societyand canned goods was taken. The en- peopie Will attend the dance to beterprising thieves had a poor estimate given by the Millersburg Dancingof the establishment's business metih- Club, in Millersburg. tonight Mr.ods as in their search for money and Mrs. Chas. A, Webber, of Paris,they broke open a new cash register will be among the chaperonesIi I uWa i!oii lPff iinHpfced and Messrs. Julian Adair, Allen Ingels. H.that had been left unlocked, anuwhich, of course, contained no moneym charge.They left no clue. j MIgs EUzahem GlltaeVf Directorof Music in tlie Paris Home School,I gave a ver' delightful program at the, ,. uv school last l nursaay uiiemuun, mWe have a large line of poultry j . th studnetting-all sizes and widths from one Jnn piano and violin-to sii foot. Our prices are always a. . h assisted in thelittle lower thai the other i eUows. ltPion of tlie program by the pupilsThe quality is the same high grade Expression Department.that we always Dnde ourselves with , irum "1C " v ..-.,--iSndMng. Seeui if you want any-j -The Sigma Nu Alumni Association-SSng il this line, and will save you -f Kentucky University gavg a oi 1-i .liant dance at the Phoenix Hotel, in, (27-4t)POULTRY NETTING.. - J UAfn C'mWtfW'VLAVIN & CONNELL. Lexington, UTioay evemuK.hundred members oi tne assuuiiuiiand invited guests enjoyed uanemgfrom 8:30 to 4:30. Paris was rDre-sented by Mr. Jeff Elgin. Miss -MaryVALUABLE DOG POISONED.i n.i !.. v...w.m f-iT-m oilniitli'lj'i s .; -: sis-sjs-as. s&?2Irish ternor belonging to mr. , v, .. . --- c, Mn Jo.Mrs. Swift unamp iaLt Bfc: "".' Mr. ciav Sutherland. Mr. Blaidog was a very valuable one, hain& "J M John stuart and Mr. Mad-ison smootcome from one of the best-known kennels in Philadelphia. He had beenmissing for a day, and a close searchbeing made for him he was found.dead in the cellar ?rom tlie effects of jThe members of the Coterie Clubwprp cuests of Mrs. John J. Connellat their meeting, at her home on Higdead in me ceuai -lum cu p " Vins avenue. The rooms were appropoison, which had presumably keen.rlateiy decorated in patriotic colorsbeen thrown in the yard.There is no word in the English Ianiruaee fit to express a proper conception of tlie meanness of anyone whonnd emblems. Luncheon was servedt small tables in the dining room.TAie prizes were awarded to Mrs. M.H. H. Davis and Mrs. Tnos. Mciaugnwould deliberately poison a valuable jlin Mrs. M. H. H. Davis will enter-dae. It is a good riddance lor a tain the Club at uie next meeting.fTLr- - - I j - DfitMnlttr Vineorthless cur, but some gpod nogs are -miss uatnenne xiuiyuj xo .vrtr Ikaii soma mean human.- cen;ed a Kwition as stenographer n:Victrolafor dancingWith a Victrola and VictorRecords you can practice the newdances over and over again.You can have an impromptudance whenever you wish anddance as long as youftant.The Fox Trot, Castle Polka,and all the other new -dances,'played, loud and clear and in per--feettime.Come in and hear them, and letus demonstrate the(liflerentstylts of theVictor and VictrolaJ10 to $250. Easytvrms, if desired.i HCSb CnBv- ,4etter tkao soma icepied a positiDAUGHERTYBROSHOUSE DRESSESThat Appeal ToYour Pride AndYour PurseA delightful surprise awaits you at ourstore this week. The new models of HouseDresses have just arrived and are now ondisplay for the first time.We thought oue last dresses were unbeatable, but the latest arrivals surpassthem in style and beauty.WE NEED NOT ADD THATTHEY AREW-J?5!!7i3 Iff1 4m BraI'M IPfipPTHEELECTRICBRANDi(Famed-For-Fit" .for this store has always handled the best and The ELECTRIC Brand stands foremost among House and Porch Dresses.From a dollar and cents point of view these dresses cap the climax in value,and you'll quickly agree with us when you see these dresses.ASK THE SALESLADY TO SHOW YOU THESE DRESSESThe Adjustable DressesThe Adjustable HemThe Reinforced PartsThe Firmly Attached ButtonsThe Carefully Made ButtonholesThe Tailor FinishedSeamsThe MendersThe Under-Arm Dress Shields$1.00 to $3.00Sizes 34 to 56FRANK & COMPANY1FFER 01 WHOLT OXIN OURBIG CASH SALEFor the Rest of Februaryand All of March$4IN THIS RESPECT we differ materially, from most sales, asthis BIG CASH SALE is in no respect a clearance sale, asare many others. Anything in our tremendous stock isincluded in this sale, and we truly believe we can save you largesums, no matter where you get prices. Come in and see us.For Sixty Years This HouseHas Done What it Promised IWe want you for our customer. You know we give you quality-arid that, coupled w4th the lowest prices to be found anywhere,.should appeal to you strongly. 45i6May we expect the pleasureof having you call?THEJ.T.HINTOJVCO.MOTOR HEARSEMOTOR INVALID COACH"EITHERPHONE" 36-UNDERTAKINGSIXTH AND MAIN STS.i.,s ----...o-A""PAGE SIXTHE BOURBON NEWS; PARIS, KY.TUESDAY, FEBRUARY 27, 1S1T4r.- "Juice" Used Up.Mildred, age four and a halfyeftr, and her brother. Bobbie, twoaad a half years, were pushing theirrecking chairs over the iloor, play- 'lag they were automobiles, honkingand making noises Imitating a maUne, when Mildred, out of breath.was heard to exclaim : "Oh, Bobbie !Let's rest, I am out of gasoline I"T tAJi rjTCD BDiR.ts(N rrt noTO THE CHILDREN.I A. child rarely goes through the"kole winter without a cold, and everykMther should have a reliable remedy? ikndy. Fever, sore throat, tight chestspd croupy coughs are sure symptoms.M dose of Dr. Bell's Pine Tar Honeyf J01 Iooeen the phlegm, relieve theSngested lungs and stop the cough,i antiseptia pine balsatns heal andothe. For croup, whooping cougiiad chronic bronchial troubles try Dr.til's Pine Tar Honey. At all Drug-i, 25c.(Feb-adv)k.'o &IKtH&iiH'w&HaKknow&pstocalTtireroll,To seehowyou are Jixed for coal !DON'T let the cold,austere month ofMarch annoy you any. Buya ton of the coal we're selling and send Winter on hisway. Forward, March!Get the dependable "HotStuff,"eoxRIDGEW. C. DODSONYou Don't HaveTo StoopIf You Use aGARLANDCabinet Range.A beautiful line of Garlands on dlUy. Com in and look them over.ParisGas & Electric Co.Be Ready toGrasp anOpportunity!7 TBiTomorrow this very day & few hundred dollars might fire you athamce in business, in real estate, that would start you on the road tojrealtlLHAVE T0TT THE FEW HUNDBED? If you haven't, make up yourmi& to accumulate that sum, for there's no telling when such an oppr, -fauuty will present itself.Start & BankiFdimers9 & Traders5 Bank- Cr P; KISBR, PmMtnt JNO. J. M.CLINTOCK, Cashier, WMkOWia, BookkMptr.Sixth and Main Streets Paris, Ky1 fvA NJBfatfiiiin ' 'X. MSUJM MBV XW xlffM 111Tired aching feet feel refreshed after an applicationof Sloan's Liniment, do notrub, it penetrates and soothes.Cleaner than mussy plasters orointments, does not stain the skin.Have a bottle handy for rheumatic pains, neuralgia, gout, lumbago, sprains, strains, toothache,bruises and muscle soreness.At all druggists, 25c. 50c. and $1.00.GERMANS TO LOSE COLONIESLONDON, Feb. 26. The deathnellto Germany's colonial possessions hasbeen sounded, so far as the Ententej Allies can effect that result, by the'almost simultaneous announcement ofI the British Minister of Colonies, Mr.eign Affairs, Mr. Motono, and thePrime Minister of New Zealand, MrMassey, who voiced the view of Australia as well as New Zealand. Together these statements declare therewill be no return to Germany of hercolonies in Africa, Asia or the Pacific.This attitude is not only held byJapan and the Eritish colonies chieflyconcerned, but it has the backing ofBritish and French Governments,which have the largest interests incolonial Africa and Asia.SOMETHING GOOD.Thoso who hate nasty medicineshould .r'j Cnapiberlian's Tablets forconstipation. They are pleasant totake and their effect is so agreeableand so natural that you will not realize that it has been produced by amedicine. Obtainable everywhere.(Feb-adv)Professional Cards.Bourbon Building 8cLoan AssociationIN REAR OF BANKEntrance on Fourth StreetDR. WM. KENNEYEye, Ear, Nose and Throat.ROOMS 403-404.PHONE 136.WM GRANNANAitorneyatLawROOMS 401-402.REMOVAL NOTICEThe firm of Hutchcraft & Cline, attorney, has been dissolved, Mr. Hutchcraft retiring. Mr. Cline will continuethe business of the above firm and canhA frmnri In Ms tiaw rvfilnpn on tliI fourth floor of the First National BantBuilding. (jan30-lmo)Account TodaySLEEPING MUST BE HISFAVORITE EXERCISE.HALIFAX, N. S., Feb. 26 One ofthe German Embassy Secretaries returning to Germany with former Ambassador von Bernstorff on the steamship Frederick VIII., which is beinsexamined here by British authorities jon her voyage from New York to Copenhagen, is reported to have 200 suitsof pajamas in his possession.In tilie baggage of nearly 211 othermembers of the party, cotton goods,known to be scarce in Germany, areplentiful, the Customs Inspectorshave discovered. In view of the closeassociation between cotton and explosives it is understood that the examiners will take some of the excessclothing from the Germans and makean allowance for It.It is learned also that the Germansare well supplied with gold. As thisis contraband it is believed it will beexchanged into some form of currencyless useful to Germany.The care with which the FrederikVIIl's passengers are being watchedis shown by the fact that the customsguards are kept on the ship so as loavoid any possibility of messages being taken ashore. It was learnedThursday that the customs men themselves are kept under survilliance bySecret Service Agents and are forbidden to converse with passengers.YES! LIFT A CORNOFF WITHOUT PAIN:Cincinnati Authority Tells How toDry Up a Corn or Callous So itLifts Off With Fingers.You corn-pestered men and womenneed suffer no longer. Wear the shoosthat nearly killed you before, saysthis Cincinnati authority, because afew drops of Freezone applied directly on the tender, aching corn orcallous, stops soreness at once andsoon the corn or hardened callousloosens so it can be lifted out, rootand all, without pain.A small bottle of Freezone cost very Jlittle at any drug store, but will positively take off c- ery hard or softcorn or callous. This should be tried,as it is inexpensive and is said not toirritate the surrounding skin.If your druggist hasn't any FreezonBtell him to get a small bottle for youfrom his wholesale drug house. It isfine stuff .and acts like a charm everytime. e (advjSOME FUNNY BREAKSMADE IN ADVERTISINGA newspaper man Bias made the following collection of freaks in adverI tising and shows what the mlsplac-jing or omission of a word or commadoes for a sentence. Doubtless ourreaders will consider the collectionworthy of a place in their scrapbooks.Wanted A furnished room by anold lady with electric lights.Wanted A room by a young gen-jtleman with both kinds of gas.Wanted A room by a young genitleman with double doors.J Wanted A man to take care ofI horses who can speak German.Wanted Saleslady in corsets andunder flannels.Wanted Ladies to sew buttons onthe second story of Smith & Brownj building.j Wanted A dog by a little boy withI .pointed ears.i Wanted A nice young man to run! a pool room out of town.Wanted A boy who can open oys-j ters with reference.Wanted1 Experienced nurse for botItled baby.Wanted An organist and boy to(blow the same.Wanted A hoy tx be inside and'partly outside the counter.Wanted A room for two young gentlemen about 20 feet long and 20 feetbroad.Wanted By a respectable girl, herpassage, to New York, willing to takecare of children and' a sailor.Wanted A cow by an old lady withcrumpled horns.Wanted A furnished room by alady about 16 feet square.For Sale A farm by an old gentleman without outbuildings.For Sale A nice mattress by an oldlady full of feathers.For Sale A piano by a young ladywith mahogany legs who is goingabroad in a strong iron frame.For Sale A nice large dog. will eat, anything, very fond of children.For Sale A parlor suite by an old,lady stuffed with hair.I For Sale A cottage by a gentle-,man with a bay window.j Lost A green lady's leather pock! book.HOW'S THIS?We offer One Hundred Dollars Reward for any case of catarrh that cannot be cured by Hall's Catarrh Cure.F. J. CHENEY & CO., Toledo, O.We, the undersigned, have known F.J. Cheney for the last 15 years, andbelieve him perfectly honorable in allbusiness transactions and finally ableto carry out any obligations made byhis firm.NATIONAL BANK OF COMMERCE,Toledo, O.A HUMAN SEARCHLIGHT.The up-to-date Cincinnati fireman isgoiiu.' to be an illuminating person,casting light into all the dark places.The lire department has invested in anum:er of high-power searchlights,made to be strapped to the fireman sbacla. The device is intended for usein nifht -work, and in places where thesmokt- is dense. It takes a husky firefighter to bear one of the new searchlights and still do much fire-fighting,for the machine weighs thirty pound3in all; but it throws a 3,000 candlepowe: beam, and will burn for fiveheo'urs steadily The battery is carried ou the back, and the headlight,slioofcj r forward- over the fireman"?helmet.PUTS NEW LIFEINTO HIS WORKFur Dealer Tells How TanlacBrought Back Ambition.CAN'T TIRE HIM GUT NOWJ. M. Phillips, a Air dealer, widelyknown around Monticello, Ky., wherehe has lived for years, can't sayenough for Tanlac.He says he's a living example ofwhat Tanlac will do for a man."Before taking Tanlac," Mr. Phillips said, "I was so run down in healththat 1 couldn't do my work as itshould have been done. That tireddroopy feeling stayed with me allday long and 1 didn't have a bit ofambition. I had headaches nearly allthe time. They made life miserableand work hard for me. They keptme awake at nights. I lost my appetite. "Most any kind of food, even eggs,made me feel bad, because 1 couldn'tdigest what little 1 did eat. 1 gotso weak it was all I could do to standon my feet. I lost a lot of weight."Then a friend told me about Tanlac. It did the work. Since takingit, I have got my appetite back, andcan eat anything I want. I havegained in weight and am not nervous.I sleep fine nights. I owe all this toTanlac and urge others to try it ifthey feel all-in, run-down and justhalf-sick."If you don't feel right get Tanlactoday. Delay in health matters isdangerous.Tanlac, the master medicine andreconstructive tonic, is sold exclusively in PARIS by Varden & Son.Other exclusive agents in nearbytowns are as follows:HUTCHISON Snell & Wood; MILLERSBURG, W. G. Wadell; ELIZABETH, Oscar Smith; CARLISLE.Tureman. & Son; GEORGETOWN, O.H. Arnold; WINCHESTER, Duty Drug SCompany; AUSTERLITZ, B. S. Par- jrlsh. (adv) jMUST HUNT DOWNTHE SUBMARINES.LONDON, February 26. PremierLloyd George said in. a speech in theHouse of Commons that thesuccess of the Allied cause dependclon the ability to solve the tonnageshortage, which was now affecting theordinary needs of the nation and military exigencies. The situation, hedeclared, called, for the gravest measures. The Premier said there was no sureway to victory without hunting thesubmarines from the deep.THE BEST RECOMMENDATION.The strongest recommendation anyarticle may receive is a favorable jword from the user. It is the recommendations of those who have used itthat makes Chamberlain's Cough Remedy so popular. Mrs. Amanda Gierhart, Waynesfield, Ohio, write3,"Chamberlain's Cough Remedy hasbeen used in my family off and on fortwenty years and it has never failedto cure a cough or cold." Obtainableeverywhere.(Feb-adv)ANTI-FOOD MONOPOLY MEASURE.WASHINGTON, February 26. Senator Lewis, of Illinois, to-day introduced an amendment to the revenuebill a provision to authorize the President to seize foodstuffs deemed tobe monopolized in violation of law.Foodstuffs so seized would be disposed of at public sale under Governmentsupervision.KENTUCKY TRACTION& TERMINAL COMPANYInterurban Schedule.CARS LEAVEParis Lexingtonfor forLexington Paris6:45 a. m. 6:00 a. m.7r30 a. m. 7:20 a. m.8:15 a. m. 8:00 a. m.9:00 a. m . 8:50 a. m.945 a. m. 10:20 a. m.11:15 a. m. 11:50 a. m.12:45 p. m. 1:20 p. m.2:15 p. m. 2:50 p. m.3:45 p. m. 3:30 p. m.4:30 p. m. 4:20 p. m.5:15 p. m. 5:00 p. m.6:05 p. m. 6:00 p. m.6:50 p. m. 7:20 p. m.8:15 p. m. 9:10 p. m.10: OS p. m. 11:00 p. m.CITY CARS ONLY.Lve. Court House Lve. Station 5.am 7.15 am7.45 am 8.00 2m8.15 am 8.30 am8.45 am 9.00 am9.15 am 9.30 am9.45 am 10.00 am10.15 am 10.30 am10.45 am 11.00 am31.15 am 11.30 am11.40 am 11.50 am12.00 m 12.15 pm12.45 pm 1.00 pm41.15 pm 1.30 pto45 pm 2.00 pm2.15 pm 2.30 pm2.45 pm 3.00 pm3.15 pm 3.30 pm"3.45 pm , - , if 4-0 Pm4.15 pm - . . ! ? J 4.30 pm.15 pm i? 6.00 pm4.45 pm f 5.00 pmAnnouncementThe Semi-Annual Display of High Class, Seasonable Suitings and Novelties byThe "Superior" Tailoring Co.Cincinnati, Ohiowill be given at our establishment onMonday, Tuesday and WednesdayFeb. 26-27-28Orders booked for immediate or future delivery, Measures taken by an expert. Woolenswill be shown in full length drapes.TWIN BROS.Clothing andShoe Dept.Service FirstThe City has added a new Fire Truckto its equipment to provide adequate andefficient protection to you.The County has built modern roads foryour convenience, safety and comfort andto provide an efficient means of travel andtransportation.The Home TelephoneCompany has added a new Truck toits equipment, which, with its other two,will provide an efficient means of caring forthe plant which furnishes modern telephone service.Have you' a HOME PHONE? Join themodern procession. Call contract department now.Paris Home Telephone ft Telegraph Go.(Incorporated)J. J. VBATCH, District Manager.W. H. CANNON, THOMAS R. SMITH.Equipment Manager. Cashier.M VA'Yi M HI) U 1 M' M"IO'I"M"M"I"M"1"M''W I !" 1 1 1 a i IAUTOMOe&S HEABSE 08 AMBULANCEJ I desire to anrj"4 to our friends that I can, where desired.X furnish an autoF.rJMiio hearse or ambulance. This method oftransportation li especially desired on long trips, the same be-ing made In better time, and at no advance In cost over thejl norse-arawn conveyance.GEO. W. DAVIS,, i .w..T,..T..T...r..W...T..ff. r..r.,t..t. ,t. ! i.A MAN AND HIS WIFELEVY, THE DRY CLEANERCumberland Phone 40 Home Phone 169 2sscsseoBourbon LaundryDW1S & FUNK, Prop.Telephone No. 4. West 5 StreetI JTBourbonParis Kentucky.L. WollsUin PropoFuneral Director. fi..r.,i.,r,x i TMfllHUIIlimillmay both derive satisfactionby having their worn and soiledgarments cleaned by us. Thecost is nominal, while the pleasure of wearing old clothes thathave the appearance of new, inconjunction with the knowledgethat you are effecting a greatsaving, must surely satisfy yon.A phone brings U3.Satisfaction is OarWatchwordWith all the latest improvements in laundryappliances and expertIckF helpers we are preparedto do work inferior tonone, and solicit yourJ patronage.Laundry,lT -SliESDAY, FEBRUARY 27, 1917.THE BOURBON NEWS, PARIS, K?,PAGEAmgllly Talk About "Luck."One? of the many ways In which theludlvIUuuI unwisely eclipses himself,is In his worship of the fetish of luefcT.He feels that all others are lucky andrhat whatever he attempts, fails. HeJoes not realize the untiring energy,the unremitting concentration. HipUGH! ACID STOMACH,SOURNESS, HEARTBURN,GAS OR INDIGESTION.TheMoment "Pape's Diapepsin"Reaches the Stomach AllDistress Goes. rDo some foods you eat hit back---terolc courage, the sublime patience toste g?od bufc work badl-v'. fermentuiiAj iuud tviiu vxiuoc u oiun, ouu:,that is the secret of some men's suc-t-oss.Their "luck" was that thev hadgassy stomach? Now, Mr. and Mr.-?.yjrepured themselves to be equal to p heips neutralize the excessiveUieir opportunity when it came and acids in the stomach so your foodwere awake to recognize it and re- won't sour and upset you. Thereceive It. William George Jordan. never was any tiling so safely quick,so certainly effective. No differencehow badly your stomach is upset youFOR A BILIOUS ATTACK (usually get happy relief in five min-jutes, but what pleases you most isWhen you havea severe headache tJiat it: lielns to regulate your stom.companied by a coated tongue, ach so vou c11 eat "ou.r favorite foodsnathlng of food, constipation, torpid without fear.iTer, vomiting of partly digested food Most remedies give you relief sometad hen bile, you niav know that times they are slow, but not suro.vf,u have a severe bilious attack "Pape's Diapepsin" is positive in neumile you may bo ouite sick there is tralizing the acidity, so the miseryTnuch consolation in. knowing that re- won'.t come back very quickly.ie may be had by taking three of-. m j rnv:namuenain s i aoiets. i ney arerTompt and effectualfsery where.(Feb-adv)UP THE LADDER OF SUCCESS i miimiii'SWhatever Job You Have, Consider EDW. BURKE, PresidentWBTrThat It Is the Best Jobin the World.H. S- CAYWOOD, Vice-Fre."In climbing the ladder of successwhat have you learned that you couldpass on as aid to other strugglingyoung men?" B. C. Forbes of Leslie'sWeekly asked II. P. Davison of J. P.Morgan & Co. "Did you conceive anyshining goal and bend everything togetting there?""No," he replied emphatically."Whatever job I had was to me alwaysthe very best job in the world and 1tried to fill it. 1 made no elaborateplans for the future. If I had ansystem in :ny labor it was first to domy own work; second, to teach thefellow below ine how to take my place ;third, to learn how to fill the positionahead of me."Hoys and young men should notimagine that their work is so unimpor-j tant that nobody takes note of howI they do it. It does not take long tohnd out whetherWinteriou feel different as soon asPape's Diapepsin" comes in contactm i . . . -ififVi tlii of rmirVi1ictT,occ incf vrTi.ishes your stomach gets sweet, no1 ", V l ,l a " is..n mf to?b... ... -i ;i i -n i in' rfjv nn tin nnc-f no nf iirtirtgases, no belching, no eructations ot j . . , lundigested food, your head clears and m Jl situation or whether he merelyyou feel fine. Slts down aad waits to be told what toGo now, make the best investment J do. The simple virtues of willingness,you ever made, by getting a large fifty-' readiness, alertness and courtesy willcent case of Pace's Diapepsin from any j carry a boy further than mere smartdrug store. You realize in five min- noss.utes how needless it is to suffer from I "Perlmns it win not- hn rmf nf ioindigestion, dyspepsia, or any stoni- f tJ descrbe n nr:rlnnf- hU.hach disorder, due to acid fermentation. '"; aescnl)e an incident unicli(adV) ""'J -M.iij u. Jioauu iui tlie JUUUg 1UU11iuu uie anxious to neip. une day whenI was teller a customer offered me avery fine gold pen. I went right intothe oilice and asked if this man hadany loan from the bank. I explainedthat he had asked me to accept thegift. The bank promptly acted and itwas not long before the fellow was :ubankruptcy. The simple course I tooksaved the bank a good deal of money."Tourist Tickets! wantedsYou to get our Free Catalogof Fruit and Shade Trees, GrapeVines, Shrubs, Roses, Rhubarb,Asparagus, Strawberries, SeedPotatoes, Dahlias, Etc.Round-trip Winter Tourist Tickets-Hi sale daily Oct. 1, 1916, until AprilSO, 1917, with final return limit May?!, 1917, to all principal tourist points:n Alabama, Florida, Georgia, Louisi--iua,Mississippi, New Mexico, NorthCarolina, South Carolina, Texas andHavana, Cuba, allowing liberal stopover privileges on both going and re- Everything for the Orchard,nirn trip. Also low round-trip Home- Lawn and Garden.oekers Tickets on sale first and third ,Tuesdays of each month to points in i f$Q agents.Alabama, Florida, Louisiana and .Mississippi, with final return limit .,-wenty-one days from date of sale. J II 7 HlllAniTIAVPr &SnncFor further information, call on or ad-!- HillCUlllCJCI Q3LUU115w v gttaw Af !1341 LEXINGTON, KY. 1917or'j.K. SMITH, T. A.HORSE WILL GET A PENSION"Daisy" Has Been the Heroine of MoreThan a Hundred ThrillingShipwrecks.i1S41 LEXINGTON, KY.(feb 16-lm)NOWis the ideal time to visitFLORIDAor theGulf Coast ResortsGet away from the cold and enjoy life in the land ofSunshine and Flowers.Low round trip fares and excellent service viaLOUISVILLE . NASHVILLE R.R.For particulars call upon local agents of this railroad.Daisy, the heroine of more than onehbndred thrilling shipwrecks in thepast '2 years, has been added to thelist of pensioned government employees. Daisy is the handsome dapplegray mare the pride of the UnitedStates coast guard statiju at PeakedHill Bars, Proviucetown, on the tipend of Cape Cod.Since November 15, 1S93, whenDaisy, as a chubby, playful colt, entered the service of Uncle Sam, shehas faithfully performed those dutiesincumbent on her. According to theseven men who comprise the crew atthe Peaked Hill Bars station, Daisyhas been the real thing in successfullyexecuting many brilliant rescues. Notonly has she furnished the motivepower in all kinds of storms over icebound shores of Cape Cod for the landjourney of the lifeboat, but she hasalso aided the men in bringing safelyj to shore hundreds of half-f rdxen sailersin the breeches buoy.Sectional Avoirdupois.The average weight of men southof the Mason and Dixon line is fromfour to six pounds lighter than theaverage weight of men north of it,bays United States. marine recruitingI oilicers operating there, in a reportj received at marine headquarters,i These recruiting oilicers have asked, that the minimum weight for recruitsin the South be reduced from 12-1 to1U0 pounds, stripped.S20.3S Washington and Return j is seldom seen, the recruiting olSSsI aver, ana, wuite me men ol me soutnare as sound and fit as the men of anyother section, they are usually smallboned and light in weight. The officers point out ia their recommendation that some of the best "hikers"and fighters in the marine corps arethe lean, wiry men from the southland.c&oMarch 1, 2F 3, 4, Return March 10Account Inauguration President WilsonLiberal Stop-Overs are Permitted.Pnr fnrtViPr information annlv to vour nearest licket Agent onaddress W. M. YENT, District Passenger Agent, Phoenix HotelBlock, Lexington, Ky. (23-3)SIft:stwin Bros- Department Store$ivm) and main Sts. Paris, KntcKyTobacco CottonHow Aviator Can Learn.It is not necessary for the amateuraviator to have an aeroplane at hisdisposal continually. A machine hasbeen invented which will enable him tolearn the principles of aviation withoutascending six feet from terra firma.J The machine consists of two long' steel arms which intersect each other( at right angles. They are mounted" upon a concrete pyramid at the inter2 j section, so that they balance when atI rest. The aviator's seat is over the0 J intersection and the machine movesj with the wind or by means of weights2 1 that can be shifted, giving the driverthe same effort to maintain his equilibrium as if he were high in the air.::All Grades at LowestPrices.Twin Bros. Oep't StoreSafest Druggists Sell E-RU-S A Pile CureBECAUSE it contains no opiates, no lead, no mercury, no Belladonna no poisonous drug. All other pile medicines containing thePbove named harmful drugs cause piles, and the sale of same isillegal E-RU-SA cures piles, or 50 forfeited. For sale by fcO, S. VARDEIN 8c SON (The Rexalf Store)and ARDJERYDRUG CO.Again, "One, Two, Three."Some comfort for the elderly andequal confusion of the young is foundIn the dictum of the masters that theviolent dance forms of recent date areto be discarded for the season now athand. The waltz of old is coming back,and the three-four time of days goneby again "will be heard where the earIs now outraged by the syncopatedabominations to the "ragtime" of whichswings, dips, whirls and other gymnastics of the "modern" dance are performed. Johann Strauss will reignagain where Irving Berlin last yearheld sway. On with the dance IOmaha Bee.When Half the Babies Die.The danger of bottle-feeding forvery young babies is seen in some figures presented by Dr. Godfrey It.Plsek of New York before the NewYork Academy of Medicine. Theseshow that during the first eleven weeksof 1910, 50 per cent of the deaths occurred iu the first month of life; 85per cent of infantile deaths are amongthose artificially fed.EDW. BURKESAM CLAYJAS. CALDWELLJNO. T. COLLI1NS, ManagerDirectorsH. S. CAYWOOD ROBT. E. BEATTYA. L. STEPHENSON LUTHER STIVERSJ. L. DENTON C. D. tflLSOND. W. PEEDJNO. T. COLLINSS. R. BURR1SA. B. HANCOCKW. M. ROGERSmTHE BOURBONTobacco Warehouse Co. iHas Sold4,1,120 Founds of TobaccoFOR19,666.54Average ofS18.62No Market in the State Has as Higha General Average.ifiiiiiiiiiiiifiiiiMtHIMMIIMiMMIIMtllHIMIHIHmmiMltHHIMHIHIMtlHIIimiHHMFEBRUARY 1 19179 - j9EPENDENTI TOBACCO WAREHOUSE CO.PARIS, KENTUCKYdaREAKS All Records For Tobacco SalesSeason's Average $1S.5SRecordsFloor Average...: $24.09 per hundredCrop Average $36.13 per hundredTwo Baskets $150.00 per hundredyou want to get the MONEY put yourtobacco under the LIGHT of the Independent.CHAS. C. CLARKE, Manager.2i::Giljan90-6t-T)" jr'4tt !.FAGE EIGHTTHE BOURBON NEWS, PARIS, KY.TUESDAY, FEBRUARY 27, 117I1(1 IMILLERSBURGMr.again.J. G. Allen is able to be out!'DEATHS. LOCAL COLOR STORIESSTAGG.Mrs. Kate Stagg, widow of the lateMr. Abram C. Stagg, o Bourboncounty, died at her home in Mercercounty, wihere she had moved after ;the death of her husband about one jyear ago. She is survived by one 'granddaughter, Mrs. R. B. Parks, of .Lexington.BY LOCAL RACONTEURSJust as "Full many a gem of purestray serene the dark unfathomelcaves of oceai) bear," so there ismany a gem in the way of a good(story lurking around Paris, that hasnever found its way into the printsI Paris has several Chauncey Depews,who qould, on even grounds, discountthat noted after-dinner story teller.Mr. R. M. Caldwell and Mrs. J. BCray continue to improve.Mr. T. F. Rigdon returned Fridayrm a business liip to Cincinnati.Mr. and Mrs. F. E. Peterson werequests of her parents, Mr. and Mr?.Jtfce, at Shawhan, Sunday.Cadet Harry Richie, of M. M. I..TtlLfi a. eilRfit. nf f.nipt P.lnv. nt Pdri.-;from Saturday until Monday. ' ' j who died Thursday at the home of her, , , orotner. Air. Isaac Keller, near Kiserivir. w. r. oaunuersTlhurQflrj v nffor rt tlrro.i noT.-ci. PTnHP Mr, nnrc nn,i nllP at eleven o'clock Saturdayriven will remain several weeks longer !with services conducted by Rev. Dr.. .,. . ., , u. it. Alangum, -or the Pans Baptis-mi. iautr okiuui unu luiuiij, ui churcn TjieTT.iussviiiti, .ur. aiiu .Mrs. uruanDwmoni, oi lanihie, were 8ura o- nniiAoarc w mm., tv-i newspaper men, one attorney, one lawfcr ann nir5 .1 i : rnpmpr iHTiir- " .i -.w. v, .i, m-.ju. -4ay and Sunday.TT?.T.T.T7!T?-The funeral of Miss Mattie Keller. T iS, leu? .f matrial here foriuwu.1 wiui otuuua, aiiu must Ol JLgoes to waste for want ot a chronicler.rs returned jto wa's he'Id at the Keljer residenCfc Occasionally a coterie of these kin?J!:,at eleven o'clock Saturday mornins tlred & together, and thensome goou stones are uncorked.A few nights ago there was ano cenm l"I ? rf 1 1 - i 4i4-a 4- .. ,.burial followed In the " - . V ."'. "'"LCi, "'me rans noteis. composeu ot twoat Kiserton iyer who had never been called Judge,Rev. A. S. Venable. Jr.. who haslfcben at home for a few days sincjthe close of the Laymen's Convention, at Lexington, left Saturday torosume fliis duties at PresbyterianUtrllege, in VirginiaMrs. Tandy Hughes, of Lexing-v,ti, opened a dancing clasM. M. I., Monday afternoon. Quitea number of the cadets and teachers..are taking advantage of her instruction. The course will consist oi tenlessons, closing some time the earlypart of May with a matinee dance.Kiser burying groundThe pall-bearers were,'lnrf TCispr Tvpnnnv Tvispr Stnnnr K"rller. Miller Kiser, Ernest Kiser and a."? a un(ler s Just a PlaiEd Keller citizen, but a good story-teller, and, " (here's what ensued, when one of th .FICKLIN. J newspaper men told this one:Major Horatio Ficklin, aged sixtv I "Several years ago in Paris, when.I've, cne of the best-known men in some of you felIows were livinS someMaysville, died at his liome in that wnere eIse' ther'- were here two Iiv"it tho fty yiiday night, after a short ill- ery siaDie .proprietors, wnose places 03nes? ol pneumonia. Maj. Ficldin was """":oa "cxc BUU,,lcu """sue uitin ot the originators of the Uniform each cther on a certain busy street inRank of the Knights of Pythias, an!tne town; Tnc' "Acre rivals ln a busr.;-ganiration whicn he lived to see I iness wa' and a?so for the heart amlgrow into one of the greatest frater-han'1 of a fair belIe of Paris- T3le-rnnl orders in the State. He was a di-jha(1 been usin the newspapers, therector in Wie Staie National Bank of ol(1 Paris TruG Kentuckian being thenRev. R. S. Saunders, of Thomas-rille, Ga'., visited friends here from Masville, a large property owner and !tlle fading paper here, pretty freelySaturday until Monday, and preachclat the Presbyterian church Sunday-.morning and evening. Rev. Saunderswas pastor of the Presbyteriantfihurch here for five years, and hisjitany friends were glad to see him.33e preached to two large audiencesm Sunday.was for a number of years Wharf- in uieir campaign, une oi mem naanuibter at Maysville. He was a cousin 'a11 advertisement in The Kentuckian( f former Lieutenant Governor Wm and also had a 13S strip of cardboard!I Cox. He is survived by two sic-1 Printed with lihe words, 'Our Horsertor.. Ma . Finkl n rliprt in tlm rnnmieeu ino wiup 10 iia.u mem ou.whereago.he was born sixty-five year.iThe Young Men's Dancing Clubwill give a dance at the Opera Houseiliis evening, becinninir at 9 p. m. A f;ocaphone tria will furnish the musicThe following is a partial list of visitors who have already arrived: Misslary Ross. Paris, with Miss MargaretJlen: Misses Eiizabe'ih Peed, of MaysTille, and Louise McAllister, of Lex-tGELS.Tie funeral of Mrs. Mary DavisIngels, aged eighty-eight, who diedat the home of her daughter. Mrs. F.J Cheek, in Danville, Thursday evening, after a lon illness., was held inParis, Saturday afternoon at 2:?.)which he placed in a conspicious placein the window of his office. This bitJ of sarcaasm naturally caused someamusement at the expense of the .proprietor of the rival stable, but in ashort time ihe had neatly turned thetrick by inserting an advertisementin the paper, and placing a sign inhis window, which read: 'That's truewhat that fellow says, because theThe prisoner was an old offender, ye. mJudge Chas. Daugherty Webb, who jjwas filling the office at the time, felt j!jthat he might want some excuse in ijthe record. After hearing the testimony and my argument in behalf ofmy client, Judge Webb said, 1- tellyou i am sorry, but I'll have to makoit tihirty days in jail. What have youto say to that?' The fellow, who wasone of the best-natured men in Paris,and at all times, drunk or sober,witty, looked at Judge Webb, and asChief -of Police James Mernaugh ledhim down the aisle, he turned aroun 1and said, 'Nothing much, but I thinkyou are d d liberal with my sparstime.' "comingAUractionsPARIS GRAND iD ALAMOAdditional Personals.o'clock. The body was brought to wintl blows Ins tinn old nags along"afternoon, and was ! e lawyer who Qiad never been ataken to the Ji.une of her niece. Mrs. "Judge orougnt out tins one as msV4n n,-i l- Atro A C P.nct MiccoeAazie Young Jackson and Elizabeth .s' . mavI Tr.nl-cftn trvf Plwinctrt-illri itli Affct -'i,ijii. v w i i"b' -, ci ...i.j . 4..n...! i .t.,. e lCarrie Pots: Misses Farris. Fielding K- J- eely, on Duncan avenue. ' l",,uuulWH L u,u ll,ui:--And Ratcliff. of Sharpsburg. with where services were conducted b ' "Some weeks ago the wire ol a cer-Mrs. James Ralls; Miss Elizabeth Rev. J. Q. A. McDowell, pastor ot tho tain member o- the Bourbon cauntWalker, of Lexington, with Miss Lou Danville Presbyterian church. The 1)ar issued a ukase to her cook, whoibe Myall. , burial followed on the family lot 'i au acquired the habit of absentingOn Saturday afternoon. Cade the Paris Cemetery. The pall-bear- 'herself at very important times, an:'Hamilton, assisted by some of his fe!- ers were her nephews, Messrs. Owen the result was die director of the cul-kw cadets, gave a matinee dance at I Davis, Rudolph- Davis, Walter inary department quit and left thetne M. M. I. Drill Hall. It was one of Davis, Wallace W. Mitchell. Charles service. Efforts u replace the kitchenthe most pleasant social affairs of the b . ntdiiell and George M.Davis jlady left the lady of the housefieason. The building was decor- Mrs , ,s WJS a ,ye f p , th on her c.,vn resourceSr s0 ah,efdurinf Xrlt The a sier of Mrs. George W. Davis, of rolled up her sleeves and for al.ut a7ausic was furnished bv a Lexington ans- &ne naa ueen a resiaent ot piuvku iu.v iukui umuu iluorchestra, Tihefollowing is a partial Paris for over seventy-five years, ha.such meals as he had not had sinceP.st of out-of-town guests present ar ii.g. with her husband, the late Mr. the days wnen Uiey had no sucn thing fa x&Uie reception and dance: Misses James D. Ingels, resided in the old as a cook. My friend's delight was soWary Kenney Webber, Catherine Wil- Ingels home on South Main street, great that he immediately providedson, Elizabeth Crutcher. Cordie Stev- mv occupjea Dv Mr. and Mrs. Martin this wife with a beautiful new furprison; Mesdames fKate T Wilson. ,, , ghe was a daughter of th. cioaK that she had coveted for somehan Rotor ol : Paris; Miss Pollis late George ravis- one the Di- tirae' Quite liaturall' the inclden-,trVJt5ullins, Lena Mae Jones, Mr. Alvin Reer residents of Paris, who for many, became known among their social ar' Ilou. of Winchester; James Baun- years was in business in this city, qualntances, and a spirit of enviousyfark, Lewis Hamilton. Misses Mabel Cf the family of six children, Mr emulation soon developed in certainSinclair, Christine Ward, f George- George W. Davis is the sole survivor, quarters. It was in this mood thatown; Mr. Joe Harris, of Carlisle ' Mrs. Ingels was a lifelong jnember'or.e of the ladies recited the story tMisses Margaret Cook. Charlie EJ cf the Paris Presbyterian church, her husband: 'What do I get, dear, i:vore. of Lancaster; Misses Katheriw- , , be member when very I do the cookin? for a week?' 'Well.' !Tucker, Lola Campbell. Mr. Bryan ov. . i - , , i i. i i -i . .i i rUcMurtrv of 1 rxhi"fon- Miss Myra oun5- Sne retained her membership lier husband said,' at the end of ;Jacobv of Clhit'JnvTlle;' Mr. Nathan $ere until her son-in-law, Rev. Fran week, dear I rather think you'd beYoung,' Hisel Asbury, of Carlisle. ? Cheek, moved to Louisville, and ready for one of those long black iCecil Brown aul Owen Hendron, of tl en to Danvil'e. where she accom- crepe veils.Lancaster: Mr. Harmon Turner and panied him and his family. Mrs. ' Tnen the "rounder." wo was justitiss Juliet Turner, of Paris; Mis.s Ir.eels'was one nf the most hicrhlv-re-'n. nlain snoken citizen, snoke unspected and estoemed women of Paris, thusly: 'Well, I will have to tell aboutand had a host cf friends and ac- a pood friend of mine who came toquaintances in Paris and in the county Paris recently from a neighboring twrtto heard of her death with genuine city on a business errand. He had isorrow. She had been in failing numerous purchases to make for hishealth for several years and for the wife before returning home. After jpast few weeks had been confined to(he had disposed of his crop of toher room. Her death was due to the bacco at the Bourbon Tobacco Ware-1infirmities cf ae. j house he began his shopping expedii tion and along toward the shank ortQie evening he happened to recall anMr. Lawrence Price has returnedfiom a combined business and pleasure trip to Chicago.Mr. and Mrs. Charles W. Heckhave as guests Dr. and Mrs. StantonHeck, of Salem, Ohio.Miss Katherine Taylor, who hasbeen quite ill at the (home of her parents. Mr. and Mrs. Edward Taylor,'en Main street, is improving.Messrs. Jo. Varden and JohnStuart are organizing a Friday nightDancing Club. The first of a seriesof these dances will be given on Fr:day night at Varden's Hall.Among those from Paris who attended the Laymen's Missionary Convention in Lexington were Mrs. AmosTurney, Mrs. R. J. Neely, Misses Mayand Lucy Colville, Judge C. A. McMillan, Dr. F. L. Pasley, Mr. PealeCollier and Mr. Wm. G. McClintock.Miss Hazei Houston, ot nearParis, and Miss Desha Smith, of Lexington, are guests of Mrs. GeorgeAdair, in Pensacola. Oklahoma. Thewere guests of friends and relatives inOklahoma City last week. From therethey will go to oUier cities in theWest to visit friends. Upon their return they will visit in Muskogee.Oklahoma, before returning to Kentucky. Among those from a distance whoattended the funeral of Mrs. MaryDavis Ingels, in this city Saturdaywere Rev. and Mrs. Frank J. CheekMiss Elizabeth Cheek, Mr. SamuelCheek. Mrs. Redd, President Allenand Miss Fannie Ingels, all -of Danie; Mr. and Mrs. Boone Ingels anddaughter, of Carlisle; Mrs. Ben C.lnjrels and daughters, Misses Belleand Kate Ingels. of Lexington; Mr.and Mrs. James Erringer. of Chicago.The following party left yesterdavfor Kansas City, Mo., to attend th-meeting of the National Associationof School Superintendents: Prof. MA. Cassiday, of Lexington, Superintendent of Schools ; Prof. R. S. Eubank, of Lexington, editor of theSouther School Journal; Miss JessieO. Yancey, of Maysville, Superintendent of County Scihools of Masoncounty; Miss Mabel Robbins, of Paris,Superintendent of Bourbon CountySchools; Prof. T. A. Hendricks, ofSuperintendent of PublicSchools.(Other Personals on Pages 3 and 5)A GREAT BILLFOR TUESDAYCharlie Richman andDorothy KeJJy in"THE SECRETKINGDOM"By Louis Joseph Vance.Douglas Fairbanks in"AmericanAristocracy"Extra Good.A beautiful five-piece souvenir free to lady patronsWEDNESDAY.Blanch Sweet in"THE STORM11A Famouns Playeis' productionital interest to old and young.Billie West inConceded by allCharlie Chaplin.'His Married Life."to be funnier thanTHURSDAY.Charles Ray and Margery Wilson in"Honorable Algy"Also a Luke coniFdy and Pathe'sPictorial News.Hours-Alamo, 2 to 5:30; Paris Grand,7 to 1 0:30, Admission 5 andlOc.!The Worst Handicapin the world is WORRY it ties a man hand and foottakes off the edge of his talents- and cuts down hisability.WORRY as to what will happen to the family if anything should happen to you, will do more than anythingelse to reduce your earning power.LIFE INSURANCE solve the problem -the day you getyour Insurance Policy, is the day you cut your fetters.LIFE INSURANCE is the only sure cure for WORRY.i Ihe Northwestern Mutual Life Insurance Co,R. F. CLENDENIN, Associate General AgentSuite 201-202 First Nat'l BanK BIdg. PARIS, KY.Our Big Bargain GivingJnliet Varden, Miss Luia Tilly, ofLexington; Mrs. H. B. Mantel, MissMargaret Mantel and Elizabeth Hays.Blizabethtown ; Helen Yantis. o:'Lexington; Kelly Stone, of Winchester; Miss Fanny Piatt. Mrs. ThomasPiatt, of Lexington.The twenty-forUi annual JuniorReception of the M. M. I., was heldFriday evening from 8 to 11 in themain building. About 400 invitationsTrere sent out, most of them respond1 to. There were twenty cadets-vith Col. Best at their head, in thereceiving line in the library. On en- jMPMP WPM PIIQV' WWi. 1 ,, T - 'J.- ,--1 i-.l-l 1.1 Jotuer arucie nis wue uau iuiu mm lu( 1 J ...!.:!. !. 1 1 M-1 JAbout the busiest people on the j Purcuahe ax:a w.mcu ue "d" . ,IJOL down on .am meiuoraiiuum uuuaterinr the front door the T-ue-ts T were fa at this season of the year aro J0L uu "V T . , ,, rL,Zil.Vc , ?: f'the hemn breakers, and npnrlv rrir!With all ofis bockets full of smallthe orchestra, with O. C. Rankin as day several wagonloads of hemp can j Packages and almost an armful ofharpist, stationed in the rear of the be seen on the streets, en route to,otlliers' he stePPe(1 mto Tne Fair-front hall. The color scheme was, the warehouses 0ue of tne clerks canie UP and Pred and white. The entire lower! The t.ohafU,0 rr.mi nr nisn vorv hv '"te!y asked him what he desired to! the county to fuMiish material forpurchase. He informed the clerk thatfhis wife had told him to get some4ltn -m V a. li1?nv irn c ?ftrtM. nuui jl uic Jiiaiii uuuums naa ucv,ui 'nndated in military stle and in harmony '..... ,-.. , j Liie fiiuniv tn 1 sn maror a nr a iHtll ttie COIOmai limes OI wasiung-- , . . . . ' 'unn,1t: tn rmr mi ihrx Ipp-r nf Pliinlrpns.ton. In the dining-room cut flowew numoer ol goo-i sales, stripping or :""';; ;;" I,; jiorrined when thf-were very much in evidence on all the the weed is practically over, and the , and as perfect! aiornfled when tmtables. This rcom in its artistic dec- smoke of burning beds will soon ba clerk beean to show nim a c,l01cef Rlcrations of flowers, flags, hatchets. ' seen if the weather will permit. A sortment of garters. But he got em.cherries and cherry trees was farWeat deal of lall Blow-in has been anyway."more artistic in its arrangement than Annf whinh win oCQ n ,,ei, ,i?.r ' It was the second newspaper man sany ever given at the M. M. I. In ' h ' vf. fwn nMTlt,llsWending the decorations Mrs Bestwove into Uiem washing on Lincoln - inorea;ed ive- William Purnell was in the Countyand Wils-on. It was a decidedly unique tliat there will be an increased ve- . ffi brought be-, . i i :..-,,., ,. i, ntrp nf hntli tnhnorn nnA lipmn fnr tho'JlldgeS OlllCe a Ca.SC was urougllL DCl: " . TZ , i :;w 3i; X rZ;: fore him where a man was chargedin at a giance u wi iwcuu3 31! liS) 4 .iOVER -4i in. ; 4OADINIsCotinues Unabated,bringing- you the greatest avalanche of shoebargains at a most opportune moment.REAP NOWYOUR HARVESTof our unlimited resources; our many years of merchandising knowledge;our prestige in the world's greatest shoe markets.THIS WEEKmore wonderful bargains, greater values, greatereconomies that will simply force you to buy now forfuture as well as present needs.ALEX. v1chance, and he came through with,-nri,VnH-nne!this: "Many years ago when JudgThe coming season, Jth about an averagerefreshment consisted of vanilla crop of corn and other crops. Wheat WILU catl"s "" ""- - -cream, cherry ice. individual cakes iis not looking very well, especiallv through the usual process .and wa;rith a miniature flag in the center that which wa3 planted late, and it'siven to the jury. After being out-hich was afterwards used as a souv-L fllp nn,n?mi nr Rnmp formprR thnf 'some time they solemnly filed m,ir, while candle I cherries In stems R hM bMn hurt severe I Judge Purnell asked them: 'Gentle-jmen of Wie jury, are you agreed uponyour verdict?' The foreman replied,Miniature hatchets andWAvn nfiGCftHthe eagle flag of the day were very i freezes and thawsNotwitlistanding-mnnVi in OVlHonPPke inclement weather, a good tiroej-was enjoyea oy an presenu iuia. iJESJC vas at ner oeat anu uau a uiv- M . mpTllf XTT A T4 We are.' 'Do you find the prisonerguilty or not guilty?' asked Judge Pur-ii ittv A Wi, Ar" Tin u-liot"- ilieil. ve uu. xuu. uv J-v "uui..Tiirtee Purnell snoke up. 'We find theich a glad hand, which made tliernjf " prisoner guilty or not guilty," answerjeei "welcome, anu very uiucn at iioih-. ,----------- .led the foreman.ASMITH FARM SOLD.'But, gentlemen,' saidADAMS MAYBRIBR. the Jud&e' you canil0t retUrn a ver'Mr. George M. Maybrier. and Miss dict like thf V 'Wel1' l kno''Lucinda Adams, both of Jie Center- responaeu. uV loieuxau. iuu &e ti,i.vThe real estate firm of HarrisP iville vicinity, wer- married Saturday lot us IOUIi" """ KUllLi a"u aiA UL uatVr f k i,t, i, r.cniin ... have found him not guilty and we'Speakes. of Paris sold last week the Rey w Q Sadle on HouatDi agreed to let it go at that.' He got an-farm ot Mr. Frank G. Smitii, located other trial and was sent up for sixtyo the Ruddles Mills pike, about two ' " days."wiles from Paris, to. Mr. Sidney G. J WEBBER CARR "Well," said tihe attorney, who hadSlban, of Magoffin county. The farm all along been an attentive listener,coatains sixteen and one-half acres of ( A marriage license was issued ;"ni have to chip in this one, and closevail-improved land. The purchase , Saturday from the office of County the session. I had a case in the Poric was $4,000. Mr. Sloan will move , Clerk Pearce Paton, to Mr. Robert 'iice Court several years ago, whereitl farm.about the first of the Webber and Miss Nannie .Carr, botiih was defending a man chareed withmontti. ' . of Bourbon county. 'drunkeness and disorderly conduct!Ladies Dark Russia Calf Boots6.00 valuesLadies Dull Kid High Gut Boots$4.50 valuesLadies' Patent Kid Cloth Top Boots$5.00 valuesLadies' Patent and Gun Metal ShoesS3.50 valuesLadies' Gun Metal,button,$2.50 val.Ladies' Felt Boudoirs, SI. 00 valuesLadiesfs Pelt Juliets, fur trimmed$1.50 values . ,$3.692.491.991.69.49.79Men's Russia and Platinum Calf Walk-Overand Beacon, $4.50 values $3.49Men's Russia and Plat. Calf English WalkOver Samples, $6.00 values $4,00Men's Gun Metal English Medium Toe Welts,$4.00 values $2.99Men's Gun Metal Button and Lace$3.00 values .99Men's Tan and Black Romeos$1.50 values 99Men's Black Felt Slippers75-cent values 49Ladies' Dawn Grey Kid, Also Mahogany Tan, Most Fashionable Boots at AlmostONE-HALF THE PRICE YOU PAY ELSEWHEREBoys', Misses and Children's Shoes at Great Bargain Prices.FROM THEMacDonald-Kiley Bankrupt SaleMen's High Grade M. & K. $1 O.OO and $12.00 ShoesVarsity Shoes AA to DON SALE MERE AT ONE-MALE PRICEDAN C0HEN335 Main $treet, Paris, KyParis' Greatest Shoe Store.9m&9m?v'V