- -cliv. -,M--1s. -J.. VV VaJI'"X-cfywvV.w:'U- j- -..-.PUBLISHED EVERY TUESDAY AND FRIDAY IN THE YEARVOLUME XXXVI aPARIS, BOURBON COUNTY, KENTUCKY, TUESDAY, OCTOBER SO. 1917THEBOURBON NEWS4EKAJC . r, JtWlr9m 4 fv- 3?--tl1EPWORTH LEAGUE HONORS ITSENLISTED MEN.In honor to the memory of the enlisted men from Bourbon county andParis, who are members of the Methodist church and the Paris EpworthLeague, a beautifully made roll ofhonor, containing the seventeennames has been framed and. hung mthe main auditorium of the church.The roll of honor is a work of art,entiiely hand made by the presidentof the League, Mr. Dennis V. Snapp.The roll carries seventeen name,with blank spaces left for the namesof -those who may follow in the draftservice of the future. The whole iswell arianged and will be a daily reminder to all who see it of the "boys"-who are in the army and navy.The following eight of the seventeen are members of the EpworthLeague: Finnell Wesley Galloway,Yung Hayes Harrison, Frank BurtonHuffman, Clarence Buchanan, W. O.Pennington, Ralph Huffman, HughCampbell and Robert Mitchell Delaney. Nine of the number of enlisted menwhose names appear on the roll aremembers of the church, but not identified with the League. They are asfollows: Floyd Emerson Galloway,Merritt Jameson Slicer, Virgil Cooper, James Arthur Ellis, Herbert. Milton King, "Win. Frank Taylor, ShirdMclntyre, Cecil Jones and Jas. WinnMcClure.PS 3 1E2HA,TOWlMgiAAZIL .JB52?S .C?0SEN yMNT WILL NOT CONFISTO WAR ON GERMANY.The Brazilian Chamber of Deputies nas Dy an almostSTATE RE0ENT D. A. R.CATE PROPERTY OF GERMANS.Mrs. Snmnol T QVtnntrie -r Assurance -was (riVon oitioono fvote has declared TlSta stXTwa? F:akfo wa ele'cted State Regent many d Germany's allies resi-exists between Germany and Brazil.The vote was 149 to 1.The tribunes of the chamber werefilled to capacity. After a debate onot the Daughters nf tho AnnVon dents in this countrv hv A. MitnhoiiRevolution at the annual conference almer, alien property custodian,which was concluded at Ft. Thomas, . at tneir money on deposit in banksThursday. The election took nlace ls not in danger of seizure by thevi nnnnf.imAlln ,,?..: Thursday morniner. and Mrs shank- government.martial law, the president of the din- elford received the unanimous vote . ''Some misapprehension," said alomatic commission spok? in favor of of tlie deleSates. She will succeed statement by Mr. Palmer, "seems toa law worded w follows! of .Mrs Eli G. Boone, of Paducah. who exist relative to the status under the"A statement of war between Bra-1 has been in office for the last two ng vlthi enemy act of citizil and Germany is herebv acknowl-, years - f,ens 1a.nd subJects of Germany andedged and pSaime ITh TpresUlent Mrs Wm Cromwell was elected J,18 allies residents in this country,of !he Republic is authorized I S adopt Corresponding Secretary, and the guei J Persons are not included withinthe measures ennunciated in this I officers ose were: Mrs. D. . J? efie " " of enemr' Mmessage of the 25th of October and'0- Chenault, of Boonesboro, Vice employed in the. act. The money onto Yake all steps ; tending ?o nsure!Slate Regent; Mrs. Charles B. Nel- dfpoait in banks in this country be-' i r- v v a i j. -w . n l v n r r r niinn t rwn- - 4 a .. i Jouu, ut vviuuiiester, xtecoruing sec- "o& " ouuu. jjwouuo is uui uaretary; Mrs. Andrew Sea, of Louis-jble to seizure by the government andville, Historian, and Mrs. Frank j wil1 not therefore, be taken into theHenderson, of Ashland, Consulting Possession of the alien property cus-Kesristrar. . ixoaian."fe fe S3WANTED.NEWS FROM; THE XENTUClJfFIELDS.In thfi TlTIQ finlJ T T-l.i...fhA wrt; nVru' 1U "" co!IZZ tZ.,7. v" company's No.- 7.a5L -2i rvs -F -mL. & N. CALLS ATTENTION TOWAR TAX.The following statement issued bythe Louisville & Nashville in regardto the war tax on freight, railroadtickets, etc., is made public to-daythrough THE NEWS by Mr. "W. V.Shaw, General Agent at Paris:PARIS, KY., Oct. 29, 1917.To All Shippers and Consignees oiFi eight and Traveling Public:The attention of all shippers andconsignees of freight is called to thefollowing extract from the war taxof October 3, 1917, section 50:"Thatfrom and after the first dayof November, nineteen hundred andseventeen, there sliall be levied, assessed, collected and paid (a) a taxequivalent to three per centum of theamount paid for the transportationhy rail or water of property byfreight consigned from one point Inthe United States to another."Shippers and consignees of freightshould bear in mind that, on allfreight changes accruing prior to Noiromhor 1 1917. the railroad willhave to collect the war tax of three(3) per cent.On tickets atfax rate of eight (8")per cent, of the amount -paid for thetransportation of persons, and a taxof ten (10) per cent, of amount paidfor seats, berths and staterooms inparlor cars, sleeping cars or on vessels, and a tax of eight (8) per cent,on excess- baggage, bicycles, baby carriages, dogs, etc., transported in baggage cars.W. Y. SHAW, General Agent.TS S J5STWO SOMES BURGLARIZEDThe homes of Mr. Charles S. Balland Mrs. Wm. Tarr, both locatednear the Maysville & Lexington pike,a few miles below Paris, were visited by burglars Friday night, who secured sums of money and variousarticles from each place.Entrance was effected at the homeof Mr. Ball by a front window, whichwas "jimmied." The burglars wenrthrough the pockets of Mr. Ballisclothes, which had been left lying ona chair at the head of the bed. Theysecured a roll of bills and some small-change amounting to about $7'or $8,leaving some checks and a silver dimein the pocket of the trousers. Nothing else in the house was disturbed.The thieves opreated so noiselesslythat neither Mr. or Mrs. Ball wasawakened.At the home of Mrs. Tarr entrancewas affected, by "jimmying" the lockof a door in the rear of the house and'forcing it off. Here "the thief orthieves secured $24. in money, andtwo quaits of whiskey, which hadbeen placed in a satchel hanging onthe wall. The satchel was-not taken.Mrs. Tarr and her sister, Mrs. WillieIngels, were asleep in a loom upstairs and heard nothing nor didthey know anything of tlie burglaryuntil early Saturday mornings Thenational defense and nublic security."The virtually unanimous vote ofthe deputies was received with geneial acclamation.President Braz has sanctioned theproclamation, ana" the senate unanimously approved the -proclamation.According to the newspapers torpedo boat destroyers have receivedorders to proceed to Bahia and takepossession of the German gunboatEber, yhich has been lying there forsome time.3 tsGO -TO -SUNDAY - SCHOOL - DA?NEXT SUNDAY.Men and women to serve theircountry by joining our Liberty BondClub. Our plan makes it possible foreverybody to own a U. S. Government Bond.PIRST NATIONAL BANK,(19-tf) Paris, Ky.la fe uaY. M. C. A. MEETING POSTPONED"Go-To-Sunday-School-S u n d a y ,"now a legal day observed in Kentucky, will be celebrated November!4th,Sunday school leaders in Parishave already started their efforts topersuade all citizens ao go to Sunday school. All the Sunday schoolsare expecting extraordinary attendances and some will prepare specialprograms.The G o-T o-Sunday-School-Dayoriginated in this State, and for thisleason especial emphasis is laid uponthe observance here. The first Statewide day was observed successfullyen May 3, 1914. Governor James BMcCreary was the first Governor toissue a proclamation for its observance, and since then his example hasbeen followed in many other States.The movement has been of suchvalue in increasing the actual membership of the Sunday school and in-biationwide effort to fulfill the recable, which interfered with the sermoney taken belonged to Mrs. Ingels. j vice for several hoursbringing into the church thousandsof people for special days, that theSunday School Association has issueda can ror a national oDservance anaNovember 4 was chosen. The proc-jlamation this year by the Governorys similar to omcjai oraers irom meGovernors of nearly every State inthe United States.T3 Hi IS 5PARISIAN' TO ENTER UrSXRMYY. M. C: A. SERVICE.Mr. C. Oakford Hinton, formerSecretary of the Bourbon CountyY. -M. C. A., will leave Thursdayfor Camp Zachary Taylor, the armycantpnment near Louisville, to report for service in the educationaldivision of the State Y. M. C. A. inarmy work in camps.Mr. Hinton received his call tothe work from Mr. Harry V. McChesney, State Educational Secretary of the Y. M. C. A. to whom hewill report and receive instruction 5as to his work. Mr. Hinton will beassigned to special work and willbe instructed to follow the flagwhenever and wherever ordered.In his official capacity as local"secretary of the Y. M. C. A., Mr.Hinton showed himself a master ofdetail, and the experience he gainedhere will, be of great service to himin his new field, where efficient andfaithful service will be require'd.is fltt teThe District meeting of the Y. M.a A., as noted in THE NEWS oflast week, scheduled to be held inParis on Oct. 25, in the BourbonCounty Y. M. CA. building in Paris,was not held owing to its conflictingwith the Lexington District Meeting. The meeting will be held on nextThursday, Nov. 1, in the Y. M. C. A..building, when the program as originally planned will begin Cwith aluncheon in tfhe Y. M. C. A diningroomsat 12:15 o'clock. Followingthis well-informed and interestingspeakers will give first-hand information of the army Y. M. C. A. forthe morale-and comfort of the American and Allied armies.Representative men of Bath, Powell, Montgomery, Menifee, "Wolfe andBourbon counties will be in attendance and make plans to join in thisSECOND LIBERTY LOAN BONDSSOLD ON INSTALLMENTS.Loosen your purse strings, sonsand daughters of Columbia, and takethe bonds of the Second Liberty!Loan. Buy them till the ninch ofbuying brings to your heart the glowof a good investment made and agood, deed done. Buy U. S. Government Liberty Bonds. If you have one,buy another, and sell two more bondsto two other good Americans."We are offering these LibertyBondson easy terms a $50 Bond at$1.00 down and the balance in weekly payments of $1.00 per week; the?10000 Bonds at $2.00 down andr$2.00 per week..THE FIRST NATIONAL BANK.(oct5-8t)ASKING SCHOOL CHILDREN'SiLT ISA CONSERVATION.As ah auxiliary aid to the womenof the city and county in the food!conservation eamiwitm wfiioh w,-rr fTio mm -r. .,-'"' 5be under wav h th,- TOOair t a i 7 IFn' a flvbar-Hendricks, Superintendent of theParis Public Schools, has issued thefollowing card to the children of theParis Public Schools, which havsbeen sent to their homes: ,. "American soldiers may (go hungry and the war we have entered belost if American mothers let foodbe wasted in their homes."Will you not help to prevent sucha catastrophe by joining the millionof mothers throughout the countrywho will promise that this wasteshall not occur "in their homes?This week your country will ask youto make such a promise. It will askyou to sign a pledge card which willbe brought by the women of Bourbon county, who are working in theinterest of our Government. For thesake of our country and those whoare -dearest, to tyou, I appeal to youto sign these cards."Very Sincerely,"T. A. HENDRICKS,"Supt. Paris Public Schools."A GREAT ACHIEVEMENT.quests of President Wilson and hiehofficials of the Allied nations, for thenag on land or sea.. H. A. Power, ofTaris, is the chairman of the districtcomposing the above counties.,15i pa .COMMERCIAL CLUB TO MEETTHURSDAY.The Paris Commercial Club willhave meet.njv at the court hoi.-Thursday at 7:30 p. m., to considerthe question of voting on the twentyyear contract with the Paris WaterCompany, at the coming election.This is ,n important question amiFhouid- be considered seriously.LAWRENCE PRICE,(It) SecretaryAN APPRECIATION.Under' date of Oct. 26, Rev. Ridhard Wilkinson, of Lexington, whosematchless eloquence jheld Parisians'closest attention at the Liberty Loanmass meeting, writes THE NEWSjits follows:I want to thank you tor yourwo-column article on the Libertyoan mass meeting held in the Parisurt house last Wednesday. Theracious reference to me 1 appreciate very much. Please accept mythanks for your gracous words."Sincerely Yours,"RICHARD WILKINSON.'APPELLATE C0UT RULING.In the Court of Appeals at Franktort in the two cases of Scobee. vs..Brent from the Clark Circuit Court,the appellant filed a motion to strikethe depositions of tne appellee, FordBrent, of Paris, and to require theappellees to pay the costs of same.The motion was submitted. Thesecases grew out of blugrass seedtiansactions some years ago.JlllfellllNIIHUIITake off your hats, everybody, tothe Liberty Loan workers of Bourbon county, the men, women, andeven the girls and boys who helpedin the big drive!The Liberty Loan drive is over,and the people, the workers for thefund, went "over the top" gloriouslyin the final drive, rolling up subscriptions totaling over $400,000, the allotment for this county, for the Liberty Loan, where in the beginning:they had merely hoped and hopedrather dubiously at that to attainthe maximum alloted to the county., Bourbon is -a comparatively smallcounty, and not especially remarkable for its great wealth, but thespirit of patriotism is just as stronghere as it is anywhere else in theUnited States. Paris, in particular,is acquiring the habit of doin.lLthings, and no achievement of recentdate stands so. much to its credit asthe splendid and , enthusiastic response it has jnade to the call of theGovernment, in this Liberty Loanpiujjuaiiiuii. -vTHE NEWS nam pk nn -nnmpcAThere are many individuals to whomhonor is due for their energetic andunselfish labors. But there is gloryenough for all,and to everyone whoaided there is compensation in theconsciousness of work well done.Tea m 1rel pumper. The Empire Oil ChwCompany driHed a drv Wo , 2Ton the Diiiard" Williams farm, arIZTn ThB BoTrrbon 0il & Development Company also struck a dry svott "m a- test oh the Fred Chipmrf 'farm to the west of Fitchburs abot -fniVfi he Security Pr!ingr & Refining Company's No., othe Tom Henderson farm, sbi .25 barrels. Meldern & Keating b6, on the William Tackett fanshoivs for abouts2a barrels. It ikrumored that the Ohio Oil ComwiAycontemplates the putting up ot a.couple of 5o,000 barrel storage Unleton its property in the vicinity ofFurnace, northeast of IrvineNew activity Is springing up iSS11? Parts of the western part xScoming the oil center of the westerhead hotels are crowded with oil mmfrom all fields that are making theadquarters there on account of thrailroad facilities.t Herts Parent indicate that theV"u lt " uompany has a fair producer near the Wolfe-Morgan line,one mile east of Canal City. Estimates of conservative operators placethe production at from five to twenty-fivebarrels.AN INTERESTING LECTUEE.B-4 TIREInsure with yW.O. HINTON &,SON,Agtsfe te lsaIIRE DESTROYS STORE.The general merchandising storeof James Letcher, situated on theLevee pike near Mt. Sterling wasdestroyed by fire of an unknownorigin, together with all the household goods.Considerable damage was done tothe telephone service by the meltingot several hundred feet of telephoneWE 'KNOW H0WTHETRENCHEROn the same night the home of MrJohn Sauer, in the same vicinty, wasvisited, presumably by the same part or parties, who did the other job?.There they secured $17 in moneyfrom a dresser drawer and a new pairof shoes belonging to Mr. Sauer. Thpvisitors left no clue behind them hieither of the cases.- While the boarders were enjoying their suppers at Mrs. Chas N.Fithian's home on Pleasant street,last night a nervy sneak thief appropriated six handsome silk unbrellas that had been left on thefront porch while their ownerswere in the house. No clue.HALLOWEEN ON THE WAY T0. MORROW.f To-morrow night will witness theannual visit of the old time Hallow'een, when witches, goblins,small boys, small girls, old girls, oldhoys and all kinds of humanity willcelebrate.It is not probable there will beany very extensive observance ofthe event in Paris this year, owing"to thefehadow of the war hanging-over everything. Still youth ishard to restrain, and many will irduge in" the harmless pranks thatdelight the young and make the oldMr. Letcher's loss on the house andstock, also on his household goods,is said to have been fully covered byinsurance. 'Wl 3 SFire, Wind and LightningInsurance.Thomas, Woodford & Bryan.m I iCOUNTRY RESIDENCE ; BURIED.The residence of Mr. J. H. VanCamp, in the Mayslick neighborhood,was destroyed by fire last week. Thefamily had left the place only a shorttime before the blaze was discovered,anL it is thought the fire started befpre they left.The house, it is understood, waslocked. Only a rocking chair and arug 'was saved. - ".The house was insured in the Ma-n County Mutual, for $1,500.TO SELL BOURBON FARM.Mr. Clayton 'Strode, of Winchester,who recently purchased a tract ofland of about seventy-five acres onthe Clintonville pike, on the outskirts of Paris, is planning to subdivide the -tract into small farms,which are to.be sold at an early date,wish for their youthful days gaim. prohably sometime this week.2 S Kk.; .?r tejra w (s mmmprtm - Wmu lt srMIMS j lf jfolI L f ijTJf2 1917jS? ' ajThe Newest and MostStylish Model inYoung Mens jOvercoatsFor Fall and Winter.Both light and heavyweight materials, made inmany fancy colors of gr.een,tan, grey and brown, agraceful, stylish tailoredcoat that will please themost critical dresser, cutcomfortably full in thebody, belted all aroundwith extra wide belt, veryhigh waisted lines, eithersingle breasted or doublebreasted$15.00to$35.00 iThis is the model that- will appeal to the youngman, but we have hundredsof other styles for the moreconservative dresser. Letyour Overcoat come fromour store, vhere . each andevery garment sold by us isstamped with our absoluteguarantee for quality andservice.An interesting lecture on retailadvertising was given Friday nightat the court house, when Mr. WilliamBurns, expert lecturer for the National Cash Register Co.,of Dayton,Ohio, told of the causes of losses in.retail business, and haw they couldbe remedied. A large number off merchants and sale'speople were pres- ient. Mr. .Burns used stereopticonslides and motion pictures throughout'the lecture to emphasize, the valious points."Inefficient business methods causethe great. majority of losses," saidMr. Burns. He then cited figures toprove this fact, showing that lastyear 11,900 merchants failed. "Thismeans forty failures every day, andone every fifteen minutes," he declared. Particular emphasis was laidon the value of newspaper advertising to the retail merchant in thelecture. "More people can be reached, oftener and at less expense bynewspaper advertising than by anyother medium," declared the speaker."But don't spend a few dollars advertising, and then say that advertisingdoesn't pay," he continued. "Makeadvertising a continuous policy ofyour store, and you will hot be disappointed with the results," Nhe added. The. proper method of preparing newspaper advertisements " wasalso demonstrated by Mr. Burns, 'inconnection" with the lecture a threereel film story was shown, illustrating the "Troubles of a Merchant,and How To Stop Them." The characters in the' film story were portrayed by expert actors , "from theEssanay Film Company.In Wolfe coity the Oil City TrustCompany has a five-barrel producerat No. 4 on the Mattie Perkins farmIn Lawrence county the- Ohio FuelOH Company's No. 2, Dave Hughesis credited with two barrelsPhil S. Fenn has closed a delwith Nickell & McClannahan,TMorehead, Ky., for a block of leases,adjoining the Gerard farm in Warrencounty, on which Mr. Fenn is drilling. -- "wdylCesfrom Feming county isthat the Warren Stnnpr nr.struck a showing of oil onthe GeoJackson farm, at a depthof 4"DD feet.In Powell county the Henry ClayOil Company, is making preparationsto pump No. 2 on the Sparks leaserwi ?ii . .HURRY! SAVE PENALTY!'Pay your Gity TaxesVJesday, Octobervi 9lastcfay,anci avoidfcVe. Penalty t which winattach-to all unpaidtaxes on Nov. 1 .fcs HiTHREE-CENT POSTAGE BATE -.GOES INTO EFFECTTHURSDAY..--Mitchell & Blakemore IStetson Hats Manhattan Shirts Nettltton Shoes. ;. . Dr. Road's Cushion Sole ShoesV'fnmmummnmntMOLD-FASHIONED JUSTICE.There was a case of old-fashioivt'justice administeYed in Judge January's Court, Friday, when two negro hoys, named Jimmie and Johnnie Johnson, who ha'd been arrestedon a charge of stealing old iron andother junk from' Max Munich, onEigthth street, submitted to doses ofcorporeal punishment administeredin right goad fashion by their mother, in 'preference to taking a Schoolof Heform sentence.When the two boys were broughtto trial they confessed and implicated another boy. Judge Januarygave te boys' mother the alternative of giving them a good whippingor sending them to the w lieforniSchool. The mother chose the formercburse, and gave her offspring agood"trouncing in the presence ofJudge January, who saw. that the jobwas thoroughly done. The other boywas brought into Court yesterdayand a similar punishment administered. . -EXTRA REGISTRATION.Extra registration to-day and tomorrow at the office, of County ClerkPerce Paton for those who were ojitofthe city or sick on the regularregistration day. Attend fo this duty,I w4 Aitor f w . . 2I lUlwiD. ji -""N 'Patrnnc: nf fhn. .tij . ...Tr . , , jtalis postomce arebeing reminded by Postmaster Paynethat the increased postage rates onnrst-class mail matter n in trat midnight when November 1 isushered in. Letter and other firstclass mairwill be subject to postageon and after" that time-, at the rateOf 3 cents lor each ounce or fraction thereof.If such letters or postcards are not Jfully prepaid, they will be returnedto the sender, if known; if not'known, and the letter bears at least2 cents postage, it will be forwarded to destination -for collection of'""the amount due.All postal cards, whether or not 'they bear written messages, mustcarry 2 cents postage. One-centpostcards must bear a 1 cent stawinv.additional. rThe postage on drop lettens fn- "tended for delivery within the-postaldistrict of- the office where mailed .lnnlnrlincr aliimm. -U..- A . 1-..iiito "cn.cij uy city ana rural vcarriers will be 2 centsf an ounceor fraction thereof.- .. tThe rate of postage - on printed- vcards bearing the words "Postcard!'-'or "Private Mailing Card" which donot, bear any written additions-unauthorizedon third-class mail matter, is not affected.Bourbon horsemen winkers --ao. vmu SXATJS AIg.The largest crowd whichhas yet "attended the horse show in Columbus, O., saw. Eastern Cloud, ownedby Mnj. Xoula Long Combs, of Kamsas City, Mo., win the $1,000 firegaited saddle horse stake Friday.Second position Went to Gav T?yowned by K. 'E. Moreland, of Lexington, Ky., and third prize waataken vby Maydan, owned by Edgar " "T. Doty, of Richmond, Ky. -Otherpositions were awarded as follows:Fourth, Charcoal, Charles Lv RaileyLexington, Ky.; fifth, Nicholettt, "McCray Bros., Bourbon county, .Ky.sixth, Charming King, Power 8c Bit,Bourbon county, Ky.; 'sevetJrJohnny Jones, Myron T. Oppeafeftiw, -pew ioric; eighth, ' Joan Sawyc;vivirs. ojouia Long Combs, Kauity.-NECEIvis PROMOTION.-. 4.rfiMr. Taylor Chandler, formerly ofParis, has been promoted to the position of Traveling Fireman, a mewposition recently created by the Louisv4Jle & Nashville. His duties, willrequire him to travel over' the L $& N. system, instructing , studeat ,firemen. . JMr. Chandler and family, wkbbeen residing in CoYimgtoa, irSmove ack to Paris, as. Mr. Ck4-ler-willwork umder ofdes &MttaPri ot i f ?O!N:-.-?.Sr4, fK.anr;-JL"0 $2scS!h(teA?3Ay4 .3 , ..- Ji'B' r :-JVf.2iA3t ' - ir& Fa--"Ti -".! V , VZ.-'553r r-,-"'jCrft ,--r, "-vcfcfflsrwoESSse'ifKT.A'BQURBONNEWSMl itt1 35 Yrnir f ConUmioim Publication. -abllthed Every Tuesday and Friday.r Year... $2.00 Six Months... ?1.00r Payable In Advance.WIFT CrtAMP. Editor and Owner.THE DEMOCRATIC TICKET.or State Senator George Hon,ofClark CountyThx Representative C. M. Thomas,of Bourbon County.r Sheriff Will G. McClintock.Wm: County Clerk Pearce Paton.Ibr County Judge George Batterton. 3?jt County Attorney David D.Cline."kr County Superintendent of SchoolsJ. B. Caywood.Tor Jailer Thomas Taul.r Assessor Walter Clark.r Coroner Rudolph Davis, Paris.r Haetfstrate L- J- Fretwell, Paris. -Precinct; John N. Shropshire,Centerville Precinct; JD. P. Thomtasson, Millersburg Precinct; Jno.S. "Wiggins, Hutchison Precinct;R. O. Turner, Ruddles Mills Precinct; John S. Talbott, North MidcHetown Precinct; S. B.. Burris, Little Rock Precinct; Lee Stephenson, Clintonville Precinct."ForUayor E- B. January.or Chief of Police W. Fred Link.3?ot Police Judge Ernest Martin.I?or Councilmen First Ward JohnMerringer, John Christman and.Thos. Kiser; Second Ward S. K.. -"Nichols, J. J. Veatch and JohnArkle; Third Ward Geo. Doyle." -EDITORIAL MUSINGS.:-" .THEMoulding Them Into Men.Have you ever watched wood turners take up a rough piece of wood,Tim it through first one lathe andhen another, and have it come outat polished and perfect piece of fur--nitureor other article of daily use?.That is exactly what the officers""' ..of the Army are doing with theyoxmg men of the National Guard2 ""mow. in the training camps.Doctors and thinking men gerealTy dmlt that military training is--rke greatest aid to. intellectual, phys"ical and moral development. Thealy exercise gradually works the.Ta.w and awkward youth into a- Thysically perfect and self reliant"-man; discipline implants in-his mindTthe necessity .and the desirability ofTrespect for his superiors and for hisleHow men; the intelligence and the-'iSiigh standard of morality maintain-ed by his preceptors elevates him torat Mgher and more honorable plane'-of manhood; as the months go byT3ie' hecomes more and pore a manc.rainong men.' 5"oung men who went to thercamps with their regiments' will comeIfcome with higher purposes in life,,u ..selfh, a greater determination tormeetind overcome the numerous ob-. stages -in the pathway to success,v -And radiating to others their own'-: '-mewly' acquired polish, .self reliancetfoxaefulness and the will to accom-"jlish that which they undertake".5 If you have a relative or. friend inifche camp? rest easily on his account.He will return a better man than.-. rwhen "he marched away.-j &et Rich Schemes .'""If -w-e -are to judge by the thous-"nds of people who are being dailywindledby the numerous get rich' schemes that infest the country, the.American people are becoming per-ttcularly easy. Almost .every largecity seems to be a fruitful field forAhe swindle'r's operations, and the- i'TKKr dupes almost tumble over each-other in their effort to get something; ':for nothing or fabulous returns for a-amall outlay, which anyone of a,ver-s-ag-e intelligence ought to know was;ai rswindle without being apprised oftffe lact. Aside from this the press-, m the country is continually warn--v- -iWclthe neonle. of the dangerousV ' iara.cter of those swindling opera-tions. -and publishing reports of the- thousands who have learned by dearexperience of the fraudulent nature-": maiy concerns in which they. "-iurye Intrusted their all. We wouldnjvay it serves xthem riglft were it not?for the fact that the victims in manyr,iiMc ar nnor neonle who can ill,fford to lose their daily earningsjh .this manner.-' 1 A Poolish Idea.- - lrie heard a young man remarkif week that "the world owes me' T -at living." It is hoped for that-?yung man's good that he'lL bet the- i 'Motion out .of hishead. It's a mis-take, -Mt"grairs mistake; -Hitiiftv.ereii:-tertiiaedra. more 'folieK:irfiiorr onewhich will bring Trim's, smaller mm?ure of reepfect? The world 'owesHraeyoung man nothing; but instead lieowes tne world and society an active, noble manhood, a steady, honest energy which will -enable him toassociate with decent men and worsen, m a true manliness of character that will make his friendshipvaluable and his presence and companionship desired. The truly intelligent activity, and this young manshould contribute to society's happiness and welfare the grace whichcomes through study, toil .and honest thought.A Duty to Perform.The man who makes money in acommunity has a duty to perform tothat community. It may. be that hehas made his money by his superiorI-business ability, and that he wouldhave done as well anywhere. Thatdoes not alter the case. If his giftsare great his responsibility is equallyas great. No man was placed onearth for the sole purpose of makingmoney, and the man who has this ashis ideal had better never have beenborn. It is not an act of charity,but the performance of a simple dutyfor- the man who has made moneyto pass a little of it on for the benefit of the community, even thoughhe "never expects to see a dollar ofhis contribution back.Hobbies.We have just been thinking aboutpresent day "hobbies" and they create within us a longing for the return of the good old days of ourforefathers; days when callousedhadns warmly clasped each other andkid gloves were unknown; days whenat eventide the family gathered atthe old place and enjoyed the pleasures of home. How different now.Take the average family to.-day andthe servant girl is usually the onlyone home after the evening meal.The father has gone to lodge, themother to her club,- Jane's to themusic circle, Kate to the card party,Robert has gone down . town for agame of billiards, Peter to the read-Tofing room. Verily, we live in a progressive age.Pa toDON'T BURN THE LEAVES!Instead of burning the leaves thatare falling just now with such rapidity, put them on your garden. Theymake an excellent fertilizer, and besides it is a much easier way of disposing of them than by smoking outyour neighbors, and filling the airwith a disagreeable acrid, stingingsmoke.In some cities the burning of leavesis strictly prohibited by city ordinance and strictly enforced. Manyphysician's 'have' indicated their beliefthat the smoke from the burningleaves induces diphtheria and otherserious throat troubles. At the veryleast.it is an unsanitary and whollyuseless proceeding. The dead leavesshould be restored to replenish thesoil from 'which they spring.In this connection THE NEWS reprints the following excellent editorial reference " from Wednesday'sFrankfort State 'Journal; which istimely and to the point:"We are now at the season of- theyear when the annual leaf-burningnuisance makes its appearance. Theburning of leaves on the streets isnot only a nuisance and a violationof the law, but it frequently assumesthe proportions of a menace. It is badpractice from eyery standpoint andit should -not be permitted. The firesare a danger to property "and thesmoke on occasions is almost unbearable. Leaves, are good fertilizer butthey are not good fire food. It isneither sensible nor economic to burnthem on the streets. In fact .it is awaste, a hazard and an offenseagainst the city ordinances. TheState Journal hopes the police willtake out warrants in cases wheretherfr are violations."Ba issALL CHILDREN LOVEx "SYRUP OP PIGS" PORLIVER AND BOWELSGive It When Peverish, Cross, Bil-.iousj Por Bad' Breath or.Sour- Stomach.Look at the tongue, mother! Ifcoated, it is a sure' sign that yourlittle one's stomach, liver and bowels need ar gentle, thorough cleansirilPat once.When peevish, cross, listless, pale,do'esn't sleep, doesn't eat or actnaturally, or is. feverish, stomachsour, breath bad; has stomach-ache,sore throat, diarrhoea, full of cold,give a teaspoonful of "CaliforniaSyrup of Figs," and in a few hoursall the foul, constipated waste, undigested food and sour bile gentlymoves out of its little bowels without griping, and you have a well,playful child again.You needn't coax sick children totake this harmless "fruit laxative;"they love its delicious taste, and italways makes them feel-splendid.Ask your druggist for a bottle of"California Syrup of Figs," whichhas directions for babies, childrenof all ages and for grown-ups plainlyprinted on the bottle. Beware ofcounterfeits sold here. To be sureyou get the genuine, ask to see thatit is made hy the '"California FigSyrup Company." Refuse any otherkind with contempt. (adv)r WB 1 I .People hate;tb get a reputation Xorbeing what they ar.e. 'UmFmmmSWIMSjA:ij JPWIPBFffWJi'r - ' a ma"' . i-MJLYjygLnttJzuminf, - ", y--'. KV.'M.M.tt' -s .-,. -In- the Fayet''01i:it - Court tKerr handed down. a decision thatueAiiiKuun, j. uetsustv , juukc? iuaneswill be of great importance, to thetraveling publio in places where roadreconstruction work is going on.Mr. Wm. Simms, of Spring Station,formerly of Paris, was arrested on. acharge of driving over the Maysvillepike in course of reconstruction.When the case was brought to trialJudge Kerr after hearing the evidence, entered an order resulting inthe discharge of Mr. Simms, and setting aside of the judgmefit-renderedagainst him by Magistrate Parrish.Judge Kerr held that the publichad the right to travel over theroads unless the county officials followed .the method of closing a roadprescribed by statute. The law requires duplicate notices, signed bythe road engineer, to be posted ateach end of any portion of a roadproposed to be closed, and in othernnnanipunna Tklapoc ilosp.rihiTiP- tlionnrtfm, f .a m.A mnP,i n ,Jnecessity therefor, so that the publicshall at all times know what partof any road is so closed, so that ar-rangements can be made to detour0i nnrfln.nf ia,fleNo such notices were posted atcross roads, the testimony showed,and judgment was entered in favorof Mr. Simms.r isi te teH0WJSTHIS?We offer One Hundred. Dollars Reward for any case of Catarrh thatcannot be cured by Hall's CatarrhMedicine. inans uaiarrn meaicme nas Deentaken by catarrh sufferers for the.past thirty-five years, and has be-come known as the most reliableremedy for Catarrh. Hall's CatarrhMpiHMnes ar.ts through the blood onthe mucous surfaces, expelling thepoison from the blood and healing the,diseased portions.After you have taken Hall's Catarrh Medicine for a short time youwill see a great improvement in yourgeneral health. Start taking Hall'sCatarrh Medicine at once and get ridcatarrh.Send for testimonials,F. J. CHENEY & CO.,Toledo, Ohio.Sold by all Druggists, 75c.(adv-oct)BS fa PBTHE BENONI' MACKLINFISH HATCHERY.The new Benoni Macklin StateFish Hatchery, located at the Forksof Blkhorn, four miles east of Frankfort, on the Frankfort and Georgetown pike, will be formally dedicatedand opened for the inspection of thepublic on Wednesday, Oct. 31, at11:00 a. .m.Gov. Stanley will accept the property on behalf of the State; and willmake acknowledgment to the generous donors, Mr. and Mrs. Thos. W.Hinde, of Chicago, who owned theland on which the hatchery wasbuilt. Hon. Edwin P. Morrow, ofSomerset, will also deliver an addressupon the conservationof fish. BuTgoowill be. served. on the grounds;.THE NEWS acknowledges receiptof a.persorial invitation from Mr. J;n,,,-ni.vwBrfl TCvAcntive'Affentof tfte-State Game and Fish Commission to!attend tne opening, which v.i. u-p-rpat fivent. a laree numoer -ulBourbon county sportsmen have si'gnified their intention of attending.CHAMBERLAIN'S COUGH REMEDTTHE MOST RELIABLE.After many years experience inthe use of it and other medicinesj.there are many who prefer Chamberi-laiii's to any other. Mrs. A. C. Kirstein, Greenville, Ills., writes; "0hamberlain's Cough Remedy has been-used in my mother's hoine and' minefor years, and w always found' it a.quick cure for ,colds "and bronchial'troubles. We find it to be the; mosf:reliable cough medicine we haveused.". . (adv-oct)-i m feia- r- -NEW POSTAL EAWr -Beginning with November- 2: nomail will be carried' under the oldratev Two cents will be required onevery. postal card and threer cents "onalL. IettersT' Air maTl put into the.offi.ee after this date, and bearing theold rate will be caught and returned'to the sender.' The old one cent postcards will' be sold after this datebutan.extra one cent stamp will be required to carry the. card to its destination1.. The government will begfcuthe issuance of the- new two centcards-, arid, three cent envelopes as:soon as possibe to replace all the: $&style immediately..G. W. DA VISfuneral DirectorCorner Fiftfe and Pleasant Streets, Paris, Ky.Day Phones 137 Night Phones 299 or 9S5Automobile-Ambulance Automobile HearseUndertaking tOur Winton-Six Automobile Ambulance with Johnson &Johnson First Aid Equipment and the Lungmotor (recentlysecured by us at great expense) a resuscitating device forthose .apparently dead from drowning, gas poisoning, electricshock, collapse from'anaesthasia, etc., always ready for service. DAY OR lIGfiT. rPhone -us immediately when an-aicident occurs. .li- .".Instant Ref! "Jape's DMsin,?Ends Tour Stomach Dis-tress Try It! .Wonder what upset your" stoniachwhich portion of the food did thedamage do you? Well, don't bother. If your stomach is in a i-evolt;if sick, gassy arid upset, and whatyou just ate has fermented and turned sour; head dizzy and aches; belchgases and acids and eructate undigested food; breath foul, tonguecoated just take a little Pape's Diapepsin to help neutralize acidityand in five minutes you wonder whatbecame of the indigestion and distress. Millions of men and women to-dayknow that it is needless to have dyspepsia'. A little Diapepsin occasionally keeps the stomach sweetened and they eat their favorite foodswithout fear.M your stomach doesn't take care?f y0"r lihe1 mit el;lion; if your food is a damage insteadof a help, remember the- quickest,,'JmuD'' .??;- TI Pape's Diapepsin, which costs, onlytiwAnr virr V w iv I ft r 14 irtfifty cents for a large case at drugstores. It's truly wonderful ftstops fermentation and acidity ancfsets things straight, so gently andeasily that it is really astonishing.(adv)SANITARY SOAP BUBBLESA recent invention has made theblowing of soap bubbles as safe andmilk No longer need the youngstersteal the soap from the laundry forhis bubbles. Instead he uses tinypaper tubes purchased from thenearest drug store. These tubes, con-tain a smau piece or sierinzea soapat one end. The tube is dipped ina glass of clean water. Nor is thereany danger of the child's cuttinghimself on a broken pipe, as the tubeis So constructed that it collapsesunder pressure.is Hi )s 'Formerly a bride knew 'how to keephouse. Now she is lucky if she knowshow to keep a- cook.Fair Warning!All TiartifiR nwfnp ap.p.niiTits mnrpimmvmva ir it mt?fiiwnjB:. ;.--. - ..v. ISTATE than two months past due to the un. dersigned merchants, who are mem-bers of the Business glen's ProtectiveAssociation of Bourbon County, arehereby requested to call and arrangewith said mercants for a settlementof such accounts at once. Unlessyou do this, each merchant will, according to our By-Laws, be compelledto give your name .and amount ofdebt to our Secretary for record andcollection.r The purpose of our Association isnot to put any hardship or place anyundeserved criticism, upon any onebut something had to be done tobrek up the "dead beat" businessof this county. Your merchant nodoubt will act humanely and allowyou to pay just a little each weekon your old account. Surelyyou do not want your name to appear, in our "Delinquent List."-All your merchant and our Asso-cfation asks of you is come and letus reason together: Show that you-- " pgr your. et as Best you canThis is surelynot asMng too much. But remember,you must do this at once, beforeour Black Lists are printed andmatted to each of our- members..THE BUSINESS MEN'S PROTECTIVE ASSOCIATION OF BOURBON COUNTY.FRED WECKESSER,Chairman.WM. GRANNAN,Secretary and Attorney.WiTmoth & Co.Busy Bee Gash 'Store,L. R. Brambiett, vF. M. Heller,Baldwin Bros., ; 'J. A. Sullivan;Harry Simon,John J. Connelly',Higgins & TTIanagan,Lavin & Conhell,C. S, Goldstein, 'Li. Woilstein, , -.. Margolen & Co., . ".John Merringer,Mitchell & 31akemore;Harry Liinville,Tilford Burnett," " Logan Howard,-Skillman Bros., ... "c -Mulfinger & Stone, - 'f. Lusk & Shea, v . " .' "Dr. L. Oberdorf er,C; P. Cook & Co.,Dan Jordan, ..:R. P. Walsh,H. J. Grosche,&' S. Rummans, -j' T.W. Spicer,H.-M. QoHins &.CO.,.B. Friedman,J. A. Stern,J. Elvove.' - ' ... . 4rt?e? . mx - -Tmrn-mM. ' h.s If busy farmers, who are selling their stock and produce at good prices, were to be deprived of their telephone, they would readily place the value of the instrument at anywhere from $5.00 to $35.00 a day.You will find the secret of the prosperous farmer'ssuccesss lies in his prompt telephone communication withthe local and city markets.Our new Directory will go to press soon and it is ourendeavor to supply you-continuously good" telephone service day and night. Our rates are reasonable.Paris Home Telephone 8 Telegraph Co.(Incorporated)J. J. VEATCH,District Manager.IW'frfrfrHMMM'if .l"lf I H'M'fCM Bros. Department StoreStwnt!) and main Sis. - Prt$, KentuckySome RemarkableDressesFor large- and small girls.All sizes 2 to 14 years. 'Price 50c and Up.SUITSAll sizes from 16 to 52.Come in and see them.BLANKETSAll prices. Reduced.4-UnderwearUnion Suits or separate, forMen, Women, Children.ifTwin Bros. Dept. Store. We Give and Redeem Blue Stamps.I'l'liftfrfr'H' 'l"lnIi.IIliiTiiIiiiTi4i.TMT..Ti..T..T..t. vX.T..f f ff j f f Jiil,nfcp3 'rSSSmmmWmmmmmKSSOmmmmmmmmm:Better baking, greater conveniences, extreme cleanliness.and durability make it unbetterable at any price.n Sale This Week at Only $40.00A Special Representative From the Factory Wi!Ji feHere October 23, 30, 31.T. W. SPICERMain; Street, Opposite Court rlxwjtseBOTH PHONESMiThe Bourbon LaundryL D WIS & FUNK, Props.Telepkone.No. 4.USlDrWM, GRANNANAttorneyat-LawROOMS 401-402.FlT NATIL" PANK aUIUDINGioneymaker! iW. H. CANNON,Local Manager.'! I I'M'tf ! Ill 1 !GownsOutftig ami Cotton8$c SpecialComfortsat greatly reduced prices.Hat SpecialReduced prices on all Ladies'and Misses'.Suits and DressesSale price . . . $18.60RugsGood sizeSpecial, $1.69J It Saves GasThe economy alone of this-DETROIT JEWEL"SPECIAL7GAS RANGE.Make's it unusually dersirable. jWestSStreetSati?faetioi is OarWitchwordWith 11 the latest improvements in laundry,appliances and exnert 'P tl helpers we are preparedto io work interior tonone, and solicit yourpatronage.Kentucky.dr.wm. kenney ;;;Eye, Ear, .Nose- and' Throat,ROOMS 40304,FIRST UAJX ANK'lUILpfNQjjfi4-6: J-JS:S&t j-'ar; --:.f-t'-"i."- -.&"-.Vf--i -V.Sp.iiiSvcwt '- 'rt:itf&.-J2:'5.?fe.V'Wr.'.c . jPtSr-w-?'R'tg&&eV-' "--'-ars:. -a:,ic&&jZ. , 'Srr ia-. .v.vSu .?zm-$2-- " ,-t4. r- --i". ' 3 ?. srj-arijRsgt.sacsi ?&$j&agg&- 5tWJ. o:- . ! '-. -s5?- " -. -:'.?,M'&SfZii:'J ":4VJl . L ."iW v1--17 !i.j -. L '. - ' . - vz ,t-- - -.'& "-as:. v. -s i- .kr5st&iS' ? 3Sj?"rv .2 ?,,Tt'5v VtS- -ST' --U.r-.41m- iK-i:v -rjm--iHrTr':-:-c;-vt-:r-c. .k-"&:&&L-4SS-'.3Mniir--.:y3-LL-.L Jl ifcijsfiL.' -"vvi ' .?5' :.' '-'- -l j. ' i-; 3?5gJtr TT sr"'5TT.7 ' --Urf:??w.lt- . ' : "-. -, -i- r" '. -,-i' "5-v -l3- - - r ' iTK'-" ' 'X-A- ..-t.'.--1-TUESDAY, OGTOBERr ;nT?T5ry-c:.MEN WANTED.100 men wanted at once to dig andload coal in coal mines. For any information wanted, writeGEO. VEAL, Supt,(23-lmo) Shamrock, Ky.Cars For Sale.Three slightly-used cars In goodgood condition, with tires in firstclass shape. JT bargain for cash.DICKERSON & DOUGLAS GARAGE.GRASS WANTEDGrass for grazing about eightysheep from now until Feb. 1.. Address or call onI. D. THOMPSON,Cum. Phone 628,(19-4t) - Paris, Ky.Eggs WantedHighest market price paid in cashfor fresh eggs.CITY RESTAURANT,Cumb. Phone 734 - Paris, Ky.(26-3t-pd)FOR SALETwo pure-bred Hampshire Boars.Ready for service.A. S. THOMPSON & SON.R. F. D. 1, Paris, Ky.(26-2t)Magazine Agency.I will receive subscriptions to thefollowing magazines:uurtis ruDiisnmg Company's .iaaies- -tioine journal, SaturdayEvening Post and the Country Gentleman, Cosmopolitan.Good Housekeeping,Harpers,Motor Magazine,Pictorial Review,Mothers' Magazine,Heart's.Kentucky Magazine.Until November 10 will receive 2year subscription to Cosmopolitan,Heart's, and Good House Keeping,either for $2. I will also make ad-1vantageous clubbing offers with The 'Pictorial Review.MMS. 0. P. CARTER, JR.,Paris, Ky.(oct23-tf)CHome For Sale Privately- - - . iOn account of Mr. Napier's passenger run being changed from Paris toLexington and Cincinnati necessitating a remqval to Lexington, I desireto dispose of my residence at the corner of Main and Second streets, laParis, at private sale.This is a substantial brick nous,two-stories, has six large rooms;sleeping porch; two concrete porches;large garden and poultry yard; sideand front yard. It is a first-claarhome and will be a bargain for th?purchaser. It is in first-class shape.An Inspection of the house and premises is invited.MRS. JESSE S. NAPIER,(4-tf) 12S Main Street.Administrator's Notice5- BOURBON CIRCUIT COTJRTJohn Wv Tanner's 'Admr Plaintiffi ' Vs. NOTICE.Richard Tanner, Etc.,. . . .DefendantsNotice is hereby given that allclaims against the estate of John W.Tanner, deceased, must be presented,proven as required by law, to the undersigned Master Commissioner, athis office in the Bourbon-AgriculturalBank Building, in Paris, Kentucky,on or before thev15th day of" November, 1917, after which date allclaims 'Will be barred.Done pursuant to an order of- theBourbon Circuit Court entered in theabove styled action therein pending.O. T. HINTON,Master Commissioner Bourbon Circuit Court.(oct30-nov. 2)PUBLICSh4ormorn:':.T Be Hrid albCaywMdf.Monday Morning, November 5thAf 10I will sell" at Ehe above time and place one hundred- andtwenty-five three-year-old high-grade' Shorthorn and PolledAngus, cows that have hud salvef:ia 1916. and hav been bred tosome of the best-registered Hereford bulli in Central Kentucky;"and to theprize-winnihg,Shorthprn bull; Dorrit's Marshall, son of$10,000.00. Thesecows will produce calves such as the farmersihCTjffirajgc, on.of them kave T(W7at'tato tt4eg.- - -MRS. SMITH RECOMMENDS CHAMBERLAHTS TABLETS."I have had more or less stomachtrouble for eight or ten years," writesMrs. G. H. Smith, Brewerton, N. Y.Jr'W3ien suffering from attacks of indigestion and heaviness after eating,cne or two of Chamberlain's Tabletshave always relieved me. I have alsofound them a pleasant laxative."These tablets tone up the stomachand enable it to perform its functionsnaturally. If you are troubled withindigestion give them a trial, get welland stay well.(adv-oct)Walnut Logs Wanted.Uncle Sam wants Walnut logsfor making Gun Stocks. I buy them.Walnut logs are worth more nowthan they will ever be again. Helpwin the war by selling your walnuttimber now.Call or write me for prices.H. C. WOOLF,(26-3t) , Winchester, Ky.LOST.Fraternity pin, resembles letter N.,set with pearls and garnets. Initialson back, G. K. V., "Class 5." Lostbetween Geo. Varden's residence andCourt House. Finder return to(tf) ELISE VARDEN. ,Virgin Land For Sale!15j) acres of Laurel County virgin land that would make an idealchicken ranch. About 75 acresis high, flat land, and balance on abranch between two high bluffs.This branch land has enough tie andsmall timber on it to pay for it.Would be an ideal place for an orchard, being protected from frost tHstanding her advanced age, she is ona great extent by tnese bluffs. Allkinds of fruits would do well. Someof this land would produce fair cornand tobacco, and all kinds of vegetables. It joins up close to L. & N station. An opportunity for a hustlerto get rich on a small investment.If interested call 404, CumberlandTelephone. (tf)The best time to plant fruitand shade trees, blooming shrubs,rhubarb, asparagus, grapevines,roses, peonies, perennials, etc.,18 in the FALL Get" our largeillustrated "catalog of everythingfor your Orchard, Lawn or Garden. "Finest stock grown anywhere. H.F.Hilfenmeyer&SonsLexinerton, Ky. -(oct2-lmo)Notice of Sale!In the Matter of Liquidationof the Bank of GeorgeAlexander & Co.State :Bank.By virtue of a judgment entered inthe above styled cause on 'June 28,IDlXhe undersigned, will, on,.Saturday, Nov. 3, 1917,at about the hour of 11 o'clock a. mat the Court House door, in Paris,Bourbon County, Kentucky, sell aipublic auction o the highest andbest bidder certain uncollected assetsof the above named bank, consistingof judgments, notes and ovefchecks.A list-of said judgments, notes andoverchecks may be seen by callingupon Buckner Woodford, SpecialDeputy Banking Commissioner, orJohn J. Williams.' GEO. G. SPEER,Banking Commissioner,'by BUCKNER WOODFORD,Special -t Deputy, Banking Commissioner. (oct23-30-nov2) -SALEMcCllntock's Stock Yards nO'cUck. -' - TTOf Ctl tfNOTICE. .4?& Polled Angus CowsSOCIAL AND PERSONAL.Comings and Goings of. OurPeople Here, There andElsewhere.Miss Elma Leeds has returnedfrom a visit to Mr. and Mrs. J. S.Clark, in Lexington.Miss Ina Mattox has as guestMiss Nora Hartley,- of Cincinnati,who formerly resided in Paris.-Mr. Wm, F. Mann, of KansasCity, Mo., is a guest of his son, Mr.Wm. Mann, and .family, near Clintonville. Mrs. J. T. Wallingford has returned to her home in Covington,after a visit to Mr. and Mrs. Varden Shipp.Mrs. Thomas H. Rice has returned to her home in Maysville, after a visit to friends in Paris andLexingto.Mr. Clarence Banister, wellknown young farmer, is seriously illwith tuberculosis at his home nearLittle Rock.Mrs. J. U. Boardman has returned from a visit to her children, Mrs.J. Louis Earlywine and Mr. OffuttBoardman, in Chicago.Mr. and Mrs. Henry Fuhrmanhave as guesto at their home onHigh street, Mrs. Katherine SlavinLuigart, of Lexington.Louisville Times: "Mrs. E. F.Spears and daughter, ' Miss MarySpears, who motored . here fromParis, Ky., have returned home after a visit to Mrs. William S. Culbertson." -Miss Josephine Fithian entertained a number of her friends witha Hallow'een party Friday night atthehome of her aunts, Mrs. GeorgiaWebb and Miss Nellie Fithian, onPleasant street.Mr. S. S. Brown has returnedto his home in Detroit after a visitto his daughter, Mrs. Henry J- Grosche. He was accompanied home byMrs. Grosche, Miss Bessie Brown andMr. Preston Brown, who have beenguests of Mr. and Mrs. Grosche.Miss Sara Hanson, formerly ofParis, underwent a serious surgicaloperation at the Good SamaritanHospital, in Lexington, last week,and her physicians say that, notwith-the road to recovery. Her niece,Mrs. Gibson Taylor, formerly MissSara Hanson, has been .with her mostof the time at the Hospital.Advices received in this cityfrom relatives and friends state thatMr. Sherman- Stivers, formerly ofParis,. and recently editor of theBluegrass Farmer edition of the Lexington Herald, was . very ill in ahospital in Guelph, Ontario, Canada.Mr. Stivers has been for the pasttwo ' or three years connected withthe publicity bureau of the. CooperMedicine Co., advertising "Maniac."Mrs. Edward Turners receptionand bridge party at her handsomecountry , home on the Clintonville,pike, near Paris, was one of the distinct social happenings of the autumn season. The home wastastefiilly and most effiectively decoratedwith cut flowers and growing plants.A tempting luncheon was served.Mrs. Turner's guests were: Mrs.Joseph MHall, Mrs. W. B. -Ardery,Mrs. H. V. Shaw, Mrs. Wm. Wornall,Mrs. Louis Taylpr, Mrs. Jesse Turney, Mrs. Watson Judy, Mrs. FrankP. Kiser, Mrs. E. M. Dickson, Mrs.Luther Rice, Mrs. W. M. Rogers, Mrs.Bartlett, Mrs. Robert Meteer, Mrs.Wm. G. McClintock, Mrs. Frank M.Clay, Mrs. Harry Mathers, Mrs. J.O. Marshall, Mrs. Callie ThomasNichols, Mrs. Eddie Spears Hinto'n,Mrs. Denis Dundon, Mrs. R. F. Clendehin.'Mrs. Wm. Remington, Mrs. G.W. Stuart, Mrs. Hugh Montgomery,Mrs. Wm. Kenney, Mrs. White Varjden, Mrs. John Yerkes, and MissesOllie Butler, Lucy Colville and ClaraBacon. -(Other Personals on Page 5.)HIGHWAY LEGISLATION . 'No matter what momentous subject may be be'fore the people thereare usually scores of men who imagine they havjB a remedy and, seemto think they can solve any problem, regardless of whether they haveever given the subject serious study.They are easily guided ,in most instances, by hearsay talk and' prejudices and in a majority of casestheir proposed remedies, especiallyin highway worfi, would only suitlocal conditions and might be totally unfitted even in the adjoiningcounties,much less in the majorityof the counties in the State.4 The State Highway JDepajtmentis necessarily compelled to workwith the officials of practically everycounty in the State arid can tellijvith a great deal of accuracy whatlaws are Jest suited for the entireCommonwealth.It would be a most unwise moveon the part of the Department officials to advise or endorse any otherthan the very best laws on the subject, because they are the ones, morethan anyone else, that have to administer the la$sr and -would be themost adversely affected by bad laws.To make a long story short evejryproposed highway law should either"be -drawn by the State Highway Department or else have the approvalof the State Highway Officials .before any serious consideration isgiven such hills by legislators or thepeople of the State.There is yet needed some highlyimportant highway legislationwhich will be brought before thenext meeting of the Kentucky Legislature for consideration and auctionthereon..CEOTO. .... . rIf your' children are subject tocroup get a"lottlevof Chamberlain'sCough -Remedy, and when the attackcomes on . be ; c-'aref ul to follow the.plain printed;directioiiB f pu irUl besurprised ife'thqulck reliel Hprhlcn Itaffords. ' zV.i V' -i 3. ' (adTdct)-?.WHATS THE REASON ?"Many Paris People in Poor HealthWithout Knowing the Cause.There are scores of people whodrag out a miserable existence without realizing the cause of their suffering. Day after day they are racked with backache and headache; suffer from nervousness, dizziness,weakness, langour and depression.Perhaps the kidneys have fallen behind in their work of filtering theblood and that may be the root of thetrouble. Look to your kidneys, asistthem in their work give them thehelp they need. You can use nomore highly recommended remedythan Doan's Kidney Pills-rr-endorsedby people all over the country andby your neighbors in Paris.Wm. W. Dudley, 1729 CypressStreet, Paris, says: "Some years ago,I found it necessary to use a kidneyremedy and as I Jhad read aboutDoan's Kidney-Pills, I used them.They proved to be satisfactory andpermanently rid me of kidney complaint. I have good reason to recommend Doan's Kidney Pills and advise their use to anyone troubledwith a weak or lame back or irregular passages of the kidney secretions."Price 60q, at all dealers. Don'tsimply ask for a kidney remedy getDoan's Kidney Pills-r-the same thatMr. Dudley had. Foster-MilburnCo., Props., Buffalo, N. Y. (adv)IS ?&HOGS NOW MORE VALUABLETHAN SHELLS.With the warning that a hog ismore valuable now than a shell, Herbert Hoover warns the United Statesthat consumption of pork, which .isnow exceeding the production,. mustbe reduced. In a review of the 'worldfood situation Mr. Hoover urges thatthe United States and Canada practice economies that will enable themto feed the Allies without the necessity of sending a ship farther abroadthan the Atlantic seaboard. The submarine would by this means be defeated to a certainty, said Mr.Hoover.pr Hi imLIKE AN ELECTRIC -BUTTON ONTOESTells Why a Corn Is So Painful andSays Cutting MakesIt Grow.Press an electric button and youform a contact with a live wire whichrings . the bell. When your shoespress against your corn it .pushesits sharp roots down upon a sensitive nerve and. you get a shock ofpain.Instead of trimming your corns,which merely makes them grow, juststep into any drug store and askfor a quarter of an ounce of Freezone. . This will cost very little butis sufficient to remove every hard orsoft com or callous from one's feet.A few drops applied directly upon atender, aching corn stops the soreness instantly, and soon the cornshirvels up so. it lifts right out, rootand all, without pain. This drugFreezone is harmless and never inflames or even irritates the surrounding skin. . Cadv)'TSl fc feNEW MEMBERS NAMED TO GEOLOGICAL COMMISSION.Governor Stanley has appointedProf, L. D. Stucker, of Frankfort;Rainey T. Wells, of Murray, andJames H. Jeffries, of Pineville, menirbers of the Kentucky' Geological purvey. They succeed Percy Haley,Revenue Collector for the SeventhDistrict; Rufus H. VanSant, of Ashland, and Louis B. Herringtpn, ofRichmond. They -will serve for aterm of four years. ' rYou Don't Have toStoopIf You Use ar-t-" . . r,.S"i 4 li"GarlandCabinet Range"i ,htf-P A .QJIivrtr J jUL Yd boliIB M8EB8BGBGB5BR3ni x . il. 'imHMtMHHMfMMMHfHMftlHtMWolfyUile&Co,Eexington,Winter Fashions ;EMBRACING ' -Embracing AllSuperb Modes v7 -'-.-. For Day and Evening Wear.SMART TAILOROf Silvertone, Velour and other handsome suitings, ele- . fr-gantiy xaiiorea, acSEMI-DRESS ANDHandsome models of Broadcloth, finest Velours and rich: :Velvets, luxuriously trimmed with fashionable; .fftya o4- Ci fc fit ff TITVTTTOY.3 -;"-L- JWiuloi aHANDSOME COATSDeveloped in lovely soft materials, in rich autumn shades,with or without furs, $20.00 upward.4TAILORED SERGE DRESSESBraided, embroidered, beaded and plain pleated styles,at $20.00 upward.& FASHIONABLE FURSIntroducing the newest designs in sets of separate piecesof Taupe Fox, Black Fox, Kolinsky, Cross Fox, WhiteFox, Hudson Seal and other fashionable furs.EXQUISITEGeorgette, Crepe, Crepe denew ouib ouaucs, 7rr ujjwojlu.Tailored Blouses of Linen and Voile, $2,50 upward.NEW SWEATER MODELSWOLF, WILE & COMLEXINGTON, KY.illllllllMIIIIMIItlMIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIHIIIIIIMItWANTED!Eicery-J41'-" 11AutomobileIn Bourbon County-v- STo Have "the Advantage of OuriB B V Ib' jliCrtifOn fjtji , fir'i 1 k At' k BCbB ! B HI I W0 W H BK I llll J IBiting your old tires to us andhave your work done by an expertwho has had years of experiencebuilding tires. Come arid see foryourielf ..--'.--'.-"': -.r-.-:":WeJDo Re- Treading andYuleanizinm " - . r 'v: . .i-fftPv---rrt -KentuckyThat Is New I: fMADE SUITSzvjkj upwara.CALLING SUITS-Acw upycuu.SiBLOUSESChine and washable Satin, in TT--;'-.-tv-1sVp&mr:Pt'ix 4iOyA'iVOwnerifm-iy: - :-WTC-." "I S'. ""W.r- -BSi ;z-'l,.41tJ;'-M1 -iu.., jlklL&A - -Iy55?:s.. .KS ;i&... . - , .. , ,. ' , 3rr , -" - .-'..rZsm-Ajr.;z.--?2'4MM.Mraaw.; :wh4ikT Hmith MMT ?BHt- .i . v2t?t -2 " J- C v &&k .r- A r-. : " -F -or -,, ftt&:r .- Mtwva wr- r-mmmitmmmicm4k) ;-?i .-m. ' X -'. -' ?"'XS'mL '. '"-5SMLjtonr.rwWBIjPSfc.ir,;vj'--.--l.r.rl'- : t-t.-1,:?!-? :ZZrrr'it. SSry-K sj, :: sf . :TrAh'aiwiaHjHBUprv fi $uffiK2i?'i! veuuug,n--,r -ZJL iBL'Mklau;my'-jmrvJlUX FOCR.A-, V " ' -aTHE BOURBON NKW8, PARI KY..XTUESDAY, OCTOBER JM, lflf,.. t. -ftfJH5WS OF WOMEN'S WOBKINTERESTING TO CLUB. WOMEN.scarfs and 60 wristlets. Sixty pairsjof socks go in a few days. Pans hasbeen assigned 250 sets.A Message to Men.Do you grumble or look peevedwhen your wife serves you a wheat -lessor a meatless meal occasionally?Of course no! You are patrioticyourself.A congratulatory telegram fromMr: J. Will StolL of "Lexinsrtnn ..Chairman of the Fourth Ditrict Lib-! TT " ,erty Loan Committee, to Mr. Buckner ' Hav yu cut out wheatbead forWoodford, of Paris, places Paris in ajner? f so yu, can report sevenclass with Louisville, Lexington, I 7 wheatless meals on 2 1-3 wheatCovington and Newport in the matter j ess days-of hard work and enthusiastic sup-1port of the Liberty Loan Bond raoe- Are ?on teaching the children toment. ' practice the gospel of the clean- The sum of $179,750 was raised n iPS?this campaign v7 Miss Kate Alexan-,der, Chairman of th Bourbon CountyTT7wi.t Al J.J--- r . MnM.nlLet's not ice our cakes, so as toV -"- .US JJUU1UUU v-iill.J I v.. 1,3J-. knrn.Wflgten's Commfttee of the National i SU5ai iU1 "" ""Council of Defense, and her corps ofable co.-workers. This was a new fieldfor woman's activities, but the warIs calling for our best, and bravelydid this leader conquer her timidityand worked to a greater victory thanwe ever dreamed of. Those of thewilling 'corps who helped Miss Alexander were Misses Ollie and LorineButler, Elizabeth Grimes, Mary Clay,Sallie Lockhart, Carolyn Roseberry,Mrs. A B. Hancock, Mrs. M. H. Dai"ley, Mrs. F. P. Kiser, ElizabethBrown, Clara Bacon, Mrs. J. W. Bacon, Mrs. Thos. H. Clay, Jr., Mrs. LeePrice, Mrs. Wm. Shire, Mrs. DuncanBell, Mrs. Eddie Spears Hinton, Mrs.Chas. flk Daugherty, Mrs. Jas. H.Thompson, Mrs. Thompson H. Tarr,Miss Grace Haskins, Mrs. John T.Collins, Mrs. Varden Shipp and Mrs.Sanford Allen.Miss Alexander received the following telegram from Mr. J.W. Stoll.of Lexington, chairman:'Am informed of the splendid wort:you are doing in Bourbon county inLiberty Loan BQnds sale. In duecourse proper acknowledment of yourservices will be made from the Treasury Department."Mrs. Donald McDonald, of Louisville, State Chairman of the Woman'sLiberty Loan Committee wrote MissAlexander, under date of Oct. 27, asfollows:- "I can hardly believe my eyes whenI read the wonderful figures you havesent me for your Woman's LibertyLoan Committee in Bourbon county.I am perfectly thrilled, and if you-will send me the names of, the wopien who helped, I should be verygreteful, because I want to thankthem personally, and I think youshould have the Medal of Honor.Hurrah, for Bourbon county."Be patient it a woman knits whileyou talk to her.How many meatless meal in aweek for you?. 155 Is BaRELIGIOUS.. The Thrift Campaign is -on,whereby every housekeeper in thecounty is to be reached. Uncle Samwants every woman in his auto-' graph album. A group of workerwill call at every home that does notAlready display in its window, therFood Administration card. You willbe asked to co-operate in -merelyavoiding waste and in encouragingyour friends and neighbors in doingso, by the influence of your exam-. pie.InTother words, a carcl in the window means, "I'm doing my bit, I'mstandings by Uncle Sam and ourour khaki clad boys." The absence'of the card means, "I'm indifferent toall save those jvithin these walls."Let Saturday night find every homein the county proclaiming its sentiment.GOES THE NEWS ONE-BETTER..Some time ago THE NEWS reprinted a fish story froni the Cynthiana Democrat relating the anticsof a big-mouth black bass that climbed a tree and caught a young squirrel. A copy of the paper containingthis wonderful story fell into thehands of James B. Fee, formerly ofParis, now residing pn a ranche nearKansas City, Mo.Mr. Fee sends us a clipping fromthe Kansas' City Star containing aswonderful a story as Jim Allen evolved from the bss-and-squirrel incident, as follows:"SALINA, KAS., Oct, 18. Starving coyotes that nip at tires of passing cars are the latest menace tomotoring in western Kansas, according to K. L. Petit, prominent farmerof Brooksviile, who brought to Salinathe carcass of a large wolf yesterday to verify his story."This particular animal, accordingto Mr. Petit, rushed at his car andbit viciously into the rear tire, butwas suffocated by the escaping air."1 fe tsSNORERS FORCE PARIS TRAVELING MAJJLEBiOM HOTEL.The average traveling man is generally hard to please and hard to getalong with, but often he has justcause to put in a complaint againstconditions that interfere with hisrest after a hard day's work.The Gallatin, Tenn., Tennesseeanhas the following regarding a wellknown and "popular Paris travelingman:"Mr. C. A. Duncan, of Paris, Ky.,one of the best known travelingmen in the country, was stopping atthe, Hotel Sumner for the week, butwas forced to leave the hotel on account of a number of distinguishedsnprers among the lay delegates inattendance on Conference, stoppingat the hotel."?s fa isWahted.!White woman who is experienced nurse to take completecharge of young baby and live onplace. References required. Address Mrs. M. D. F., 421 NorthBroadway, Lexington,phone 2413.'(30-3t)Ky.,' or call-m 1 1 1 ii i ij 1 1 "i 1 1 1 n 1 1 1 i 1 1 ii 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 ii 1 1 n 1 1 1 1 n 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 fcFRANK CSl, CO.The Reliable StoreLOSTHURRY! SAVE PENALTY!Pay your City TaxesWednesday, October3 1 9last day,and avoidthe penal tywhich willattach to all unpaidtaxes on Nov. 1 .At, a recent meeting the members' of the Red Cross elected the following hoards of directors:Mrs. Chas. Daugherty, Mrs. AlbertHinton, Mrs. Helen Forsyth, MissSallie Lcfckhart, Mrs. Arthur Hancock, Mrs. Charlton Alexander, Mrs.W. G. McClintock, Miss MamieSpears, Mrs. Eddie Hinton, Mrs. J."W". Bacon, Mrs. Denis Dundon, Mrs.Mike Lavin, Mrs. Isaac Price, Mrs.Wm. Shire., 'From this board the following officers have been elected: jMrs. Arthur Hancock First ViceCh&irman. Mrs. 'Albert Hinton Second Vice-.Ch&irman.Miss Mamie Spears Sub-TreassJAirer.Since the TJ. S. XJovernment requires that the officers of localChairman and Treasurer be filled bymen, Mr. Arthur Hancock and Miv- Silas Bedford were elected respectively. The weekly meeting of the ParisLiterary Club was held Thursday af-" ternoon of last week instead of Wednesday on account of the patrioticmeeting at the court house, and thefollowing program was given: "TheRule of the FurTrades," (Canadian)Mrs. Amos Turney, Jr., and "Life' lender the French Regime," Mrs. J.Walter Payne. A Current Eventsperiod, "conducted by Mrs. ThomasAllen, included the reading of threeletters, from Paris men who are serv-1ing- their -country, one in France, oneat a Southern training camp andone from a lad in an Ohio camp.These letters were read by Mrs. T.JH. Clay, .Jr., Mrs. H. A.. Power arid!Mrs. F. Sutherland. 'Other currentEvents were presented by Mrs. Allen,Mrs. O. Edwards and Mrs. J. T. Van-sant.The Progressive Cufcure vClub'sprogram for to-morrowCWednesday)afternoon, is as follows:American Art-Responses: "Devel" opment of American Art Known AsThe Hudson t River School," Mrs.Turney; "Wliistler," Mrs. Price;-" "Sargeant 'and Chase," Mrs. Paton ;Discussion by Members of the Club.Among recent additions to theParis Christian church were Mr. andMrs. Ed. Burris, and son, Wm. Burrig, who reside on Cypress street.The Missionary Society of theParis Christian Church will meet inthe church parlors next Friday afternoon at 2:30 o'clock. All the members are asked to attend.mTss Rebecca Purnell, daughterof Mr. and Mrs. L. B. Purnell, andCharles Stilwell, of the city, werebaptized at the services at the Episcopal church Sunday morning.The monthly business session ofthe Paris Epworth League will beheld Thursday evening at 7:15o'clock at the Methodist church.All members are urged to be present.The members of the Paris Epworth League gave an enjoyableHallow'een party last night at thehome of Mr. and Mrs. Chas. P .Mann,on South High street. It was alsothe regular monthly entertainmentmeeting of the League.The protracted meeting whichbegan at the North MiddletownChristian church Sunday week continues with increasing interest.Fine sermons are being deliveredby Eld. F. M. Tinder. The choirunder the splendid leadership of Mr.A. L. Boatright, "of Paris, is rendingexcellent music.Rev. J. T. Sharrard, of Paris,filled the pulpit of the Mt. SterlingChristian Church, Sunday, in the absence of the pastor, 'Rev. (Slyde Darsie, who, with his wife, is visitingfriends and relatives in Kansas City,Mo. Rev. Sharrard also has chargeof the Hazelrigg Bible Class of thechurch at their regular class meeting. -. i , .Rev. George H. Harris, the beloved rector of St. Peter's Episcopalchurch, in this city, delivered Msfarewell sermon to the congregationat the morning service held last Sunday. Rev. Harris spoke in a mo.stfeeling manner of his services withthe Paris congregation. He has beenselected as head of Margaret College,in Versailles; also as rector of tlieEpiscopal church in Versailles. During his residence liere Rev. Harrisendeared himself to the members ofhis congregation and to all with.whom he became acquainted and) Special Deputy Game Wardenleaves Paris with the assurance that , Bush Bishop, of Paris, was in Winno man or minister ever left Paris Chester, Saturday, where he met Mr.as highly regarded as he. E. R. Martin, of Ford, and joinedIt was stated yesterday that a call j in a chase which resulted in the ar-had been extended by the Paris con-. rest of four Madison county men onSaturday, Oct. 27, on Main, between Court House and Eleventhring, with large pearl setting.Finder return to BOURBON NEWSand get reward, (it)Room For Rent.Nice room, with privilege of bath,fin Apartment No. 3, second floor,Robneel Building, corner of Main'and Eighth streets. Call in person.MRS. MAGGIS ROGERS McCLINTOCK. (30-lt)Buff Leghorns For Sale il nave a number or nne uuu. .Leghorn Single Comb cliickens for sale,a "fancy laying strain. Price $2.00each. vMRS. LETITIA CLAY,(30-tf) Cumberland Phone 204.For Sale.One Dayton Bacon Meat Slicer.One Dayton Computing Scales.One Bowser Oil Can.Apply to undersigned.(30-2t) WM. SAUER.For Sale-:.tit.:BIG LINE.NEW :COATSJUSTRECEIVEDBOURBON CIRCUIT COURT.The Bourbon Circuit Court willconvene for the November term witha large docket. Among the appearance cases on the docket is a suitfiled by the American Southern National Bank, of Louisville for $25,000 against the directors of the defunct George Alexander & Co. StateBank, on the ground that the bankwas permitted to borrow a sum inexcess of $10,000, the maximumamount which it was authorized toborrow under its charter.The docket also .carries four ofive divorce petitions, which will beheard at the coming term.SPECIAL FOR ONE WEEK." For one week only we will cleanlarge white fur sets for $1.50, anddark colored furs for $1.00.ELECTRIC DRY CLEANING CO.(5-tf)MORE ARRESTS MADE BY GAMEWARDENS.gregation to the Rev, Mr. Abrams,who was rector of the church severalyears ago. Rev. Abrams, whd isnow in Brooklyn, is said to have thecall under consideration.a charge of violating the game lawby shooting rabbits out of season.The men will be tried in Richmondbefore the County Judge of Madisoncounty on the charges. $PUBLIC SALEWe have 25 acres land, y2 milefrom Paris city limits, a most beautiful building site.Will sell at bargain if taken atonce. ApplyPARIS REALTY CO.,(30-lt) 606 Main St.Administrator's Notice !All parties holding claims againstthe estate of John Hall, colored, deceased, are hereby, notified to presenttheir claims, properly proven, as required by law, to the undersignedwithin the time limit prescribed Lylaw.All pers ns indebted to :Ji3 Vateof .the decr'ed John Hall .ire h r.'by notified to call on the undersigned Administrator and makeproper settlement of such indebtedness FRENCH THOMPSON,Administrator of John Hall,, DecM. 2,(30-3t) ., j-.PRICES REASONABLECOME IN AND SEEFRANK C& CO.4 1 tun t m.u 1 1 it ....... TitmnnnmmijOFWALSH'SThe Boys' Store!wValuable City Property!The Paris Literary Club will advance Its program for to-morrow, andinstead' of usingthe subject assignedor October 31, the program of Now7 will be used. The Club will havea Red Cross program as an especialfeature for Wednesday, Nov. 7, witha lecture by a Belgian expatriate.The- local Red Crpss has just fin-fehd. aixty rmy shirts. They will,- dHverei at Frankfort on Wed-itay am'dapllcatlon mxde for oneulrN more.w Om JtMULk 0rm , ckariaMqi vofjnt-mcuac coimitMt,i wciim r:The undersigned will offer at public sale oirMonday, November 12, 1917 -At 10 O'clock A. M. --;at the corner of Fifth and Main, the following -described property tovrif: x1st The handsome 3-story business block on Main street; storeroom now- occupied as a millinery store by Mrs. 'Corne W. Baird, overv.hich is a beautiful flat on the second and third floors. This propertyfronts- on Main street 22 feet, running back 84 feet, more or less.2nd The store room adjoiningfiroccupied by Harry Linville as ashoe store, and is the same property as the above, with the exceptionof the size of the lot, which is 19x84 'feet, more or less. This propertywill be offered as a whole.3rd The double brick building on Fifth street now occupied byDr. Vansant on the east side and Dr. Anderson on the west side. Overthese offices are two modern flats, easily rented and now occupied bygood tenants. This is an exceptionally good piece of investment property. This being a double house each side will be offered separatelyand then as a whole. The dimensions of this lot is 50x61 feet, more orless. . . s . .In the rvear of the Main street property and'between the Fifth streetproperty there is a perpetual passway, which gives" ingress and egressto the flats, store rooms andTthe residence property.4th About 5 acres, more or lets on Stoner Creek, at .the end ofStoner avenue, entrance both at Stoner avenue and Massie Lane. Oftthis property is a large stable, cot barn and corn crib and chickenhouse. This would be admirable property for town lots.5th About $ acres on east side of Maysville and Lexington Rtfillroad, running from Washington street to Stoner Creek and adjoins theDuncan heirs ( property on the east.-At the same time and place 6 fine milk eows will bethese cows are f resh two-having calves by their "side.Parties desiring furthtr informs tion ordifsirinE: to look ovWr thisproperty will please, call .6K.3tfr. Ehil Nippert; who will take pleasure in.beJngor service to tkM -- ,.-., ; v - " . -.' .- 2 - "-' -iii? rf " .-'' r. f. . '- i -2-TmVS-ReaTrf-Four ofE can truthfully say this is THE BOYS' STOREOF PARIS, because we have spent every effortto make this the most complete department in town.Boys, we want you to bring your mothers am! come in our tore and seewhat we are showing in boys' wearing apparel. We are sure just what you. wantin styles and merchandise is here, and you will find us eager and ready to serveyou in any way. .Come in and let's get acquainted and let us show you the.most complete line -ofBoys' Clothing and Furnishings in town.iBoys' Suits and OvercoatsWe are showing lots of new models in Suits and Overcoats, including thenew Trench Coat. This model has proven the most popular one in this store andit is made with convertable collar, with belt all around and full skirt. Strictlynew patterns in greys, browns, greens, plaids, and fancy mixtures. We are sureyou will like our clothes and as'f or price, we will give you more value here foryour money than elsewhere.$4.00 to $12.50t;&Boys' and Children's MackinawsWe have a splendid line of Mackinaws. They come in new patterns andcolors in belt-all-around models. Also in children's we have Mackinaws withLeggins and Hat to match. Come in and see values we are offering$5.00 to $7.50- AttaltV th'iitt'cftsfilfelfllee ia Muai:iVmhts;&rc,VsR. P. WALSHiMBII'Mr &&." i,jsyf;VjiitJ&' ---reT' - - .-afT- 'Vis. f,iit?.mateV9 -JBpMLiHurw w "wwvn-vsa,; -..- R-A-V,- r JJJl . f4 : M1VWmJhmmiMM &'-&: , .-w-L-T: . rrr i I' c- -V;-- -.:- :V."--. 1&L&mJ&,1i im 1 1 i i tmrnr nil ii i Mliiii ii i , - .r -,--,-r r - - - ,3l"Z.TUESDAY, OCTOBER 30, 1917.THE BOURBON NfrjW&l3ftBfrPACT-FOR THE BESTNOTHING ELSESOCIAL AND PERSONAL.Comings and Goings of OurPeople Here; There andElsewhere.TURKEYS! TURKEYS!We will be " in themarket as usual forThankcsrivinfif tur-?" . M . I niPPP ATr3 "Rrtir TTMUr, -r-v i.keys, pay mg the mgn-johio;' - "Miss Clara Eldridge, of Lexington, is a guest of her cousins, theMisses Franklin, in this city.Miss Leila May Jones has returned to her home in Winchesterafter a visit to Migs Elizabeth Tarr.Mrs. Nellie Stoker Hisrhland returned Saturday from a visit to herpstcash market priceDates for receivingwill be announcednext week.C. S. BRENT & BRO.(oct30-2t)1 MlHEALTH AND WELFARE LEAGUETO MEET.The regular meeting of theHealth and Welfare League will beheld on Thursday at 2:30 o'ciDck,a", the court house. All membersieqrtted t. b? present.JEl Pfi P3A BIG SPECIAL EVERY WEEK.Watch for a big special everyweek until Christmas. Commencing now this week only, blue birdand mahogany trays, $1.15 each.(30-2t) FORD & CO.ts S feDON'T FAIL TO 'REGISTER!If sick or out of the city on theregular registration day, voters mayregister to-day and to-morrow atthe office of County Clerk PearcePaton. This is an. important duty.Don't neglect it. Go to-day or tomorrow. Itt AAUTO LICENSES ISSUED.The following auto licenses wereissued last week from the office of theCommissioner of Motor Vehicles atFrankfort, to Bourbon county owners: D. E. Clarke, Millersburg,Ford, 40730; W. F. Turner, Pari.Chevrolet, 40413.1SI IB teTHE BEST MEATS.For the best home-killed Beef,Pork and Lamb, come to our store.We save you money on everythingyou buy from us.MARGOLEN'S SANITARY MEATMARKET. (30-2t)HURRY! SAVE PENALTY!Pay your City TaxesWednesday, October3 1 ,last day,and avoidthe penalty 9which willattach to all unpaidtaxes on Nov. 1is m iSHALL WRECK ON L. & N.All Louisville & Nashville triansfrom Cincinnati to Paris were fromtwo to three hours late Saturday,due to a freight wreck which occurred in a cut between Berry andBoyd stations, in Harrison countyEighteen cars of coal were derailed and piled in confusion on thetracks, delaying traffic. Wreckingtrains were promptly rushed to thescene and ojie' track was cleared sothat traffic was resumed- by Saturday afternoon. No one was hurt inthe accident.lea e isaPUBLIC SALE 01 SHORTHORN. AND POLLED ANGUS.Attention, is called to the displayadvertisement in this issue of thepublic sale to be conducted by Mr.A. B. Hancock, on Monday morning,Nov. 5, at 10:00 o'clock.The sale will be held at the Caywood, Smith & McClintock stockyards, in Paris, and the offeringswill comprise one hundred -and twenty-fivethree-year-old high-gradeShorthorn and Polled Angus cows.These animals are all high-class, registered and will produce calves suchas the farmers should raise. Readthe ad on page three of this issue.WINDOW GLASS.Glazing properly done.DAUGHERTY'S,Fifth and Main Streets.m m inPOLICE COURT REPORT.The following is the report of thebusiness done in the Paris PoliceCourt during the month of October,as submitted at the recent meetingof thq City Council by Police' JudgeE. B. January:Amount of fines assessed, ?134.50;amount of fines- repl'evined, none;amount of fines collected, $19.50;amount of fines suspended, ?7.50;amount of fines appealed, $105.00;amount of fines pardoned, none;amount of fines worked out, $30.50.Judge January in his statementreported that there had not been atrial in nolice court this month, asituation unprecedented in the history of the court.we m 1"TEE BOYS OF THE ROAD."Sunday's Lexington Leader, in its"Notes of The Traveling Men," hasthe following squibs regarding wellknown Paris traveling men:"Ben 'Biscuit' Downey, representing the National Biscuit Company, Isvery proud of his new National Biscuit home on East Main street andwants all his friends to come up andsee him. If they have a. sweet toothhe will put the best cakes made to"- . "Noah Rose; representing Spears &Sons, Paris, was up the L. & E. the. past week and reports his usual goodbusiness.':W. A. Whitcob, of Park, divis-iom at for tke vJMum 'ExpressCnmmamT.. wWork4 uwtke L. A E?Mr. and -Wm. Hinton have returned from Shelbyville, where theymotored Saturday, to attend thefuneral and burial of Mrs. Martin,an aunt of Mrs. Hinton.--Miss Helen Cain and her guest,Mr. Arthur Alio way, of Newport,are guests to-day of Miss EvelynJackson and brothers, in Winchester. Master Winston Ardery-has returned to his home near Paris, after a visit to his grandparents, Rev.and Mrs. I. J. Spencer, in Lexington. Mr. and Mrs. Charles Snyderand babe have returned to theirhome in Detroit, Mich., after a visitto friends and relatives in Parisand North Middletown.Mr. and Mrs. Edward Fithianreturned to their home in Louisville,Sunday, after a visit to Mr. Fithian'sparents, Mr. and Mrs. Charles N.Fithian, on Pleasant street.Mrs. O. H. Smith and MissEdith Wright, -of Paris, spent Sunday at Camp Zachary Taylor, nearLouisville, as guests of Mrs. Smith'sbrother, Capt. Morton Collier.Miss Nannie- McLaughlin, Mrs.Jack Baker and son, Master JackBaker, Jr., have returned to Lexington, after a visit to their aunt, andgrandaunt, Mrs. B. C. Higgins.Mrs. Lou Cline Talbott, of North4Middletown, is a guest of Paris relatives for a few days "before goingto Indianapolis to make her futurehome with her son, Mr. Dan. Talbott.Mrs. Margaret McDermott, ofLouisville, accompanied by her'giandson, arrived Sunday, to beguests of her son, Mr. John McDermott, manager of the Postal Telegraph office.Mr. ,nd Mrs. Walter Rice Clinkenbeard, newly-weds, have returnedfrom their bridal tour, and havetaken rooms at the home of Mr. andMrs. L. B. Purnell, on Pleasantstreet, for the present.Mr. O. P. Carter, Jr., left yesterday afternoon for Indianapolis,Ind., in response to a telegramstating that his sister, Mrs. BessieCarter Byron, was very ill and notexpected to survive the night.Messrs. John F. Davis and Jo.Davis, Jr., of Paris, will officiate asushers Thursday, at the wedding oftheir cousin, Mr. Bruce Davis, whowill marry Miss Susie DunreathEvans, in Nicholasville, to-morrow.Mr. and Mrs. Jos. W. Davis and family will attend the wedding.Mr. and Mrs. Robert Goggin willsurrender their lease on the Lancaster Hotel, in Georgetown, nextThursday, and return to Paris to reside. Mrs. Goggin will on that dayassume management of the HotelWindsor, which she recently tookover from Mr. Owen L. Davis, whohas had its management for twoyears past.Misses Vernita Baldwin, FannieHeller, Virginia Dundon, EmmaLouise Burley and Carrie Rose andMr. D. Y. L. Farley, represented theParis Christian Endeavor Societiesat the District Convention held Saturday and Sunday at Versaille. Thedistrict is composed of Bourbon,Franklin, Scott, Woodford, Fayetteand Harrison counties.Mr. Robert Delaney,. a memberof the Bourbon, county -contingent incamp at Camp- Zachary Taylor, wasat home on furlough from Saturdaynteht to Sunday night. PrivateDelaney says M:he camp life is agreeing perfectly with all the boys, andthat -there has not been a singlemurmur of discontent heard sincethey have become accustomed to"soldier life."Miss Matilda James, of Paris,who was a guest last week of MissAlice Threshley Williams in Frank--fort,was one of the guests of honorat an fnformal dance given atthe Frankfort Hotel. The other honorguests were Misses Honeywood Earrish, of Midway, and Thena ,Townsley, of Tulsa, Okla, guests of MissJane Williams; and Miss AngelaMcClintock, of ' Lexington, andof Miss Anita Thomas.(Other Personals on Page 3)TO PATRONS OF THE ALAMO ANDv OPERA HOUSE.The war has hit the -motion picture theatres very hard, and a largepercentage of the smaller houseswill no doubt be driven out of business. There is the tax on seatingcapacity of $150.00. There is thenew tax on admissions, lc on a 5cticket, lc on a 10c ticket and 2c ona 15c ticket. There is the war income tax and the surtax on profits.Then the State, county and citytaxes. In addition to these extraordinary burdens of taxation everysingle thing needed for the motionpicture entertainment has gone upin price. The cost of raw stock hasincreased. The cost of productionhas increased and the Governmenthas added another tax which means15c on every reel of film we show.The operating expenses have increased. Labor costs moe than ever.The management of this threatreproposes to meet its obligations tothe government cheerfully and conscientiously. The increase in theprice of admission has been as slightas possible and was decided on aftera long hesitation and only when itbecame absolutely necessary if wewanted to stay in business..The prices at Alamo will remainthe same, 5q and 10c, and the OperaHouse 5c, 10c and 15c.COLONIAL AMUSEMENT CO.fti te "dSTOVES.Get your Gas andCoal Heaters now,and have them put upready for the colddays.I A. f. WHEELER & CO.opp. Court House.(oct23-tf)Ea Tsz aTHE WEATHER.The weather forecast for the weekbeginning Sunday, Oct. 28, is as follows: For the Ohio Valley and Tennessee:Short period of rain about Tuesday.Fair and colder thereafter.Following a rainy "spell" Saturday, the succeeding day was an almost ideal autumn day, clear andpleasant. The sun shone all day,making the - weather conditionsabout right. The temperature remained normal, affording pedestriansand autoists a good day for outdoorwanderings. Several parties of Pari3people spent the afternoon in thecounty gathering hickory nuts, thecrop being unusually heavy this fall.OP-TOM-E-TRY.Visit me in my new place. I willmake examination free all next weekin order to demonstrate my abilityto test eyes. Do no miss this opportunity of knowing your true eyecondition, and. remember you areunder no obligation to buy. Thorough examination made without theuse of drops.Yours for better eyesight,(26-2t) DR. W. R. FRANKLIN.55 mi pbiBOURBON BOY ORDERED TO PEORIA -CONSTRUCTION PLANT-Lieut. P. D. Howard, son of Mr.Charles W. Howard, of the BluegrassMotor Co., Lexington, formerly ofMillersburg, has been ordered by hisadjutant general to report for dutyat Peoria, 111., where he will take acourse in construction work at theplant of the Holt ManufacturingCompany.YOUR CHRISTMAS PHOTOS DOIT NOW.-It is well to be thinking aboutChristmas orders, this year far in advance. My facilities were never better to take care of the business inmy line," being independent of daylight, but water color work cannotbe done by artificial light, and thedays are short.Copies of old photos, sittings forphotos and all photographic work isdone by artificial light. See displayin show window next door to theFair Store, '(30-lt) A. R: JOHNS.MUST OBTAIN PERMISSIONTHENEWS is requested to reprintthe warning that' no benefit affairsof any kind must begiven for theRed Cross without first securing thepermission of the directors of thelocal Chapter. This is a rule. of theNational "Red Cross and is not only acourtesy, but a requirement. Thtefforts of all-to. 'raise money" forthe work is Jiighly-apprfechrted, buttfc -km ,tf . th-Re4;Crojmut ,notDon't be a hermit!Don't shut yourself up fromthe world's best music.Don't deny your family thepleasure of hearing the world'sgreatest singers.The World's greatest tenors . tCaruso,Marti nelli,McCormack,The world's greatest sopranosGalli-Gurci, -Farar,Tettrazzini,The world's greatest baritonesWhitehill,; Scott,The world's greatest contraltosSchumann-Heinle,Homersing or the VICTOR Recordsexclusively.We 'have an immense stockand are constantly adding newrecords. Come in and hearthem in our new Victrola department-!second floor.DaughertyBros.nhUnnmniLiSyf ifFall and WinterCOATS$ 1 5.00 to $65.0QNew Arrivals that will Cause Great Activityin our Ready-to-Wear Section..4Every style, every material, vry new, wpleasing color is on display. These Coats 1are in Velour, Bolivia, Burella, Broadcloth, WKersey, Plush and Ron Ron.Beautiful Dresses$6.95 to $37.50In Satin, Charmeuse, Wool, Jersey,Georgette Crepe, Crepe de Chene, GeorgetteCombinations, Taffeta and Wool Serges.All in Autumn's newest colorings.Stunning Suits$15.00 to $65.00Now, here we have Suits in the wantedmaterials and colorings. All are tailored inthe "season's very newest and clevereststyles."RECORD SALE55OP HIGH GRADEPATTERN HATSValues that formerly sold up to $9.00,Sale Price$5.00awaiBii'wriTr oi "ffiwinr i TwwMaaWe Carry a Complete Line of Warner's Rust Proof Corsets.HARRY SIMONOne Price To AllJoin Our McDougallim CABINET 11$1We Have Only a. Few Places Left!and $1.00 Per WeekPuts One In Your Home$1And you get thebest Kitchen Cabinet made when youget theMcDougallAnd the McDougal'is the only KitchenCabinet made thathas the.AUTO .DISAPPEARING ;FRONTJust a FewPlacesLeft!Join the Club To-day!THE JIT HIOT05 CO- ia!,yIi4; --JS-J-3vvty-r-: !- afI'JatttiMtk. Mr.VwkJwMb &f twobe.uelm.ay MMNcMrcnoiJftttegTMCVK I-.l VaCa - m m 1 mt . ' -, viii it.. &raLH:vT.v4k Sr - .., "Mfe-f-..,"?-s'-J!t - .kLr JW -. ,vf - - rI- iZ- -A. .V ' - .lJBQTORHEAtg&iQTORiNyAaD;COACHr-" "yhV, f'--s-THB BOUKBON BOBVS, PARES, KY.TUftnUT OCTOBER SM17. -rv -r -"v'-(Wt -"-"V -.-., c ',.A v - i i.5- --. Tt---t - --Jtr!.XHEUMATISM IS PAINONLY, BUB IT AWAYIaitant Belief From Pain, Soreness,Stiffness Follows a SubbingWith "St. Jacobs Oil."" Stop "dosing'' rheumatism.It's pain only; not one case in fiftyrequires internal treatment. Rub !soothing, penetrating "St. JacobsOil" right on the "tender spot," andby the time you say Jack Robinsonout comes the rheumatic pain andjdistress. "St. Jacobs Oil" conquers)pain! It is a harmless rheumatismliniment which never disappoints;and doesn't burn the skin. It takespain, soreness and stiffness fromaching joints, muscles and bones;stop sciatica, lumbago, backache,neuralgia and reduces swelling.Limber up! Get a small trial bottle of old-time, honest "St. JacobsOil" from any drug store, and in amoment you'll be free from pains,aches and stiffness. Don't suffer!Rub Rheumatism away. (adv)BOB ITTZSIMMONS TAKES THEPINAL COUNT.Robert Fitzcimmons, former champion heavyweight pugilist of theworld, diedat a hospital in Chicago,Monday, after an illness of five daysof pneumonia.The former champion was takensick last Tuesday while appearing ina vaudeville theatre, and his ailmentwas at first diagnosed as ptomainepoisoning. Later it was discoveredthat he was suffering from double(lobar) pneumonia, and physiciansdeclared that he could not live. Hisremarkable vitality sustained himuntil Saturday, when he lapsed intounconsciousness, from which he didnot rally except at rare intervals.Fitzslmmons, until he sank intohis final stupor, fought for his lifeas lie had fought for victory in thering. Physicians declared life was-prolonged several days by the grimdetermination of the man.SOUB STOMACH.Eat" slowly, masticate your foodthoroughly, abstain- from meat for afew days and in most cases the sourstomach will disappear. If it doesnot, take one of Chamberlain's Tablets Immediately after supper. Redmeats are most likely to cause sourBtomach and you may find it best tocut them out.(adv-oct)NO MOBE COWABDS.This war -will probably see thepassing of the coward. The man whoruns away from fire or bayonet fighting is no longer jeered or courtmar"tialed, but is sent to the hospital.along with the wounded. Modernscience recognizes that there issomething the matter with him, thathe may be helped, and that it is uselessA to blame him. Many militarybase hospitals have special departments for the observation and treatment of men who are not physicallyor nervously equal to the strain ofbattle.Peggy He mst have an enormousincome; he thinks nothing of blowing her to ice cream and penuts onde same afternoonTHEw - XBeautiful - Gulf - Coast !i- Mobile, Alabama, '"Mother of Mysteries."So! "Here we Rest," according to the meaning of the word "Alabama." We re at a terminal of -a delighted trip on the Louisville &Nashville Railroad.r The early explorers did well when they founded the French-colonies,which wereegun under the brothers de Birieville and fflberyille.Mobile lies at the mouth of the Mobile River, which, is formed bythe junction of the Aalabama and Tombigbee rivers. Many productsof "the interior come" down these rivers; cotton and lumber in largequantities is seen, and coal from further north.Mobile harbor affords accommodation at her wharfs for both commercial and tourist traffic. The city of Mobile is some thirty milesfrom the Gulf of Mexico and it is a delightful sail up the broad winding entrance to this city Mobile which has a. population of 75,000souls.Prom the water's edge there is a gradual rise of , the land whichleads to attractive hills and ravines, upon which are located beautifulsouthern homes old and new and the shll roads are a boon to the au- tomobilist. -.There are few'cities in the world -which possess so many beautiful 'streets that "might be termed boulevards. Some of them resmble small'portions of Paris, Prance, .of Brussels, Belgium, as it wac before-thepresent devastation from the European War. -These streets in Mobile are lined with some Monarchs of a centuryof Nature's production, .the grand old elms and water oaks, andnot afew are embellished by the hoary giay hanging moss that sways, withthe passing breezes. Government street is the most -imposing,"1 andbranching from it are many attractive park-like streets,, made beautiful through the care of up-to-date civic co-operation. sThere can scarcely be found a drive more beautiful by Nature'sown painting, than along .Mobile Bay, by sunsejt in the simmer time,qt at autumn it is onevnever to be forgotten. - v --Mobile is a city of education, culture and perhaps interesting conervatism, yet it is a city of true hospitality, with a touch" of what re-',jnains of the old regime of French, English, and Spanish. It is arcityr that has been "under five flags," and many of its people bear the distimctive features of their ancestors, in its many fine looking and evenbeautiful women, and courteous "old school" men.: . Mobile is fast becoming an all-year-around resort, with fine hotels,and alj centering around its historis and beautiful Bienville Square.Mobile is often called "The Mother of Mysteries," because she wasthe first to originate the "Mardi Gras," stnd she yearly still calls-thousaads to herself at that festival time... Those desiring out-door recreation will find it in and around Mo;ile in abundance. Small steamers ply between her suburban healthfresorte -beautiful Pairhope, Battles Wharf, Point Clear, Magnolia'-Springs and ofher attractive spots which are made more beautiful by'Nature's hand, and where health-giving" ozone is freely given from theGulf of MexicoIn addition, Mobile has excellent golf links, a fine Country Club, "' Vt-Z good fi811111 nd automobiling over roads that cannot be.surc yaseti. s .,j pijjn- i ?J? MobiIe is uaHke any other.city on'the Gulf. She has her own .attractions, as well as those jot her surroHadings. A few weeks stay--tt ""-v w ,?ujt itteathr rtae fromk!XmhulMi k NaikTille RailBAHBOADS HELPING TO BELIEVE SUGAR SHOBTASErFairfax Harrison, Chairman Rail-'roads' War Board, at Washington,authorizes the following statement:'The railroads are doing their bitto relieve the sugar shortage. Telegrams just received from the Sunset Central, the Texas and Pacificand other railroads in the sugar canebelt state that a sufficient number ofempty cars are available throughoutLouisiana and other cane growingterritory to handle the entire canecrop. Hundreds of cars have alsoheen moved into the Northwest toprotect the sugar beet crop which isalready moving and an adequatesupply of cars is also on nana tomove the Northwest potato crop.In Texas the railroads are bending every energy to protect the cattlemen from "loss of live stock because of drought. Thousands of headof cattle were moved from EasternTexas last week into more fertilepasturage and hundreds of st5cl$cars are now being rushed into theSouthwestern part of the State inorder to make possible a similarmovement of cattle there.lea m VRHEBE'S PATRIOTISM!The best Liberty Bond report inWoodford county, is from "Airdrie,"ftlie large farm of William E. Simms,former Parisian, near Spring Station. Every resident on the placesubscribed for one or more LibertyBornd. There are eighteen names onthe list, which does not include Mr.Simms and his family, who tooktheir full share of bonds. This splendid honor roll is as follows: P. S.Adams, Clarence Moore, Lee Tate,Henry Thomas, J. U. Blythe, CallieHedger, Elmer Hedger, J. W. Han-! cock, Charles Duvall, E. L. Newman,C. Wise, Joe Hancock, Jacob Kern,William Walls, Harry Hoogdun, Wm.Van Schie, Mary C. Ellis, H. E.Coons.S HI PKA PIECE pP GOOD POBTUNEIn these days of high prices it isrefreshing to find one article of nation-widedemand that will not costmore than it did last year, and yetwill be more valuable than it hasever been.The Youth's Companion subscription price, $2.00, will not be increased. The 52 issues of 1918 willbe packed full of the best stories bythe most popular writers. ' The Editorial Page," the Boys' Page, Girls'Page, Family Page and all the departments will bring a vast amountof cheer, good entertainment and information for every reader in thefamily circle..Rv cnAnfnl i.rrft.ncr Anient new sub-fscribers for The Companion can alsohave McCall's Magazine the fashion authority for 1918, both publications for only $2.25.This two-at-one-price offer includes: 1. The Youth's Companion 52issues in 1918.2. All remaining 1917 issues ofThe Companion free.3. The Companion Home Calendar for 1918.4. McCall's Magazine 12 fashionnumbers in 1918 all for only$2.25.THE YOUTH'S COMPANION,Commonwealth Ave., Boston, Mass.New subscriptions received at thisoffice. . "The art of pleasing is the art of going upstairs in everything fromsweeping a street to running forcongress . mv.ctinui ae dux, weu spent, sne ,18WttifurGulf.Ckwt'-rjfrioi. am- ebmTMTvM-2!fi -ttawwicafttralMB of thei "N, -Farms For SaleIn Henry and Shelby Counties C, W. Bruce, RaFEstate Agent, New Castle,Ky., Office Over Bank.No1 234 acres four miles fromNew Castle, in Henry County,on good pike, has five roomdwelling, two tenant houses,"two large barns, fencing andother improvements reasonably good, in good neighborhood, good, strong land, abargain. Price, ?75.6o peracre.2 160 acres, 3 miles fromNew Castle, in Henry County,on good pike, has a six-roomdwelling, tenant house, newtobacco barn, 1 combinedbarn, fencing and other improvements good. This is.good strong land, in a goodneighborhood; appearance ofplace rather sightly. Price,$110.00 per acre.3 242 acres, four miles fromNew Castle, in Henry County,on good pike, in a splendidfarming section and neighborhood, has a good two-storyeight-room dwelling, twolarge barns, fencing and oiherimprovements good; land in ahigh state of cultivation, plenty tobacco land that is good.Price, $125.00 per acre.4 -113 acres, four miles fromNoNo.No.New Castle, in HenryCounty, on good pike, in splendid farming community, has asix-room dwelling, tenanthouse, large barn. This isgood, strong land for tobaccoand corn. Price, $110.00 peracre.No. 5 133 acres 1U. miles from NewCastle, in Henry County, onmain pike, splendidly located,has a seven-room dwelling,two good barns, fencing andother improvements good.This is good, strong land, verydesirable as to land and location. Price, $110.00 per acre.No. 6 127 acres 1 miles from Eminence, in Henry County, ona good pike, 1 miles fromrailroad, splendid location andneighborhood; has a modernseven-room .dwelling, tenanthouse, two barns, other improvements good, land good,very desirable farm. Price,$140.00 per acre.No. 7 113 acres, two miles from Eminence, in Henry County, ongood pike, mile from railroad, in a good farming section and neighborhood; has atwo-story dwelling, sevenrooms, tenant house, twobarns. This is one of the bestfarms Jn Henry County, in ahigh state of cultivation, firstclass land, the best of carehas been taken of this farm.Price, $152.50 per acre.No. 8 157 acres, two-miles from Eminence, in Henry County, ongood pike; has a six-roomdwelling, tenant house, onelarge barn. This farm is suitable for a stock or dairy farm,not strong tobacco land. Price,$100.00 per acre.No. 9 62 acres, four miles from Eminence, in Henry County, ongood pike in good neighborhoodhas a seven-room, two-story dwelling, one born, other improvements first-class, asplendid little farm. Price,$130.00 per acre.No. JL0 145 acres, two miles -fromEminence and two miles fromNew Castle, in Henry County,on a splendid pike; has a twostory new dwelling, eightrooms, tenant house, twobarns, fencing good, very desirably located and goodstrong land. Price, $150.00per acre-. ,No 11 265 acres, 4- miles fromNew Castle and 2 milesfrom railroad, on good pike,in .good neighborhood, has a2;8tory, e'ight-room dwelling,tenanthouse, one large com-bined'barn, fencing and otherimprovements reasonably goodThis landlgrows good tobaccoand corn, a good farm for theNmoney. Price, $85.00 per acre.No. 12 165 acres, one -mile fromNew Castle, in Henry "County,, on good pike, in jfood" neighborhood, has a 'seven-roombricfc dwelling, two ' barns,other improvements reasonably good. JThis'land producesgood tobacco and corn, asplendid farm for this money;belongs to heirs that do notlive here now. vWill be" sold at4 a. bargain. Price,, $75.00 peracre.No. 13 259 acres, four jniles from" New" Castle, in Henry County,and. two miles vfrom railroad,on goodpike; has' a two-story,frame dwelling, eight-rooms,tenant'hous?e,$ two barns, other;improvements good. This landproducesoo'drTiot thestrongest. Owner draftbtt in army,leaves soonXfprsale if soldsoon. PriceJ"$80vt)0 per acre.No. 14 10 fr "acres, three miles fromEminence, in Henry County,on good pike and community;has a new five-room dwelling,new barn, good fencing,, agood little farm, good land;Price, $12,000.00.$o. 15 150 acres, four miles from- New Castle, in Henry County,on good pike, mile of dirtroad to main pike, has a twostory eight-room dwelling, twobarns, other improvementsgood; rather a sightly plaee,not the- strongest land, butproduces good crops. Pricey$73:50 per acre. TNo.f.16 80, acres, jnileof NeVtaiic, u jieury jouixy, on-""-jifc; uu -even-roovIir,Atwo baniiiifw&tfir.little farm. Pric$7,500l00TNo. 17 48 acres, one milefrom NewI Castle," in Henry County," hasa fourrroom cottage, one barn,- good fencing. This landisgood, strong land, in splendidfarming lection. Price, $100per acre. . INo. 18 90 acres, five miles from New .Castle, in Henry County, on jpike; has tenant house, onebarn, other improvements Ionly fair, some of the land a'little tired, lots of locust posts, jsome medium, size timber, 30acres to be cleared up, good 'producing land. Price, $55.00per acre.No. 19 59 acres, Z& miles fromNew Castle, in Henry County,on good pike,-in good neighborhodd, has a six-room dwelling, new, one barn, reasonably good fences, not thestrongest tobacco land. Price,$4,250.00.No. 20 110 acres, one mile of Campbellsville and one mile of1 railroad, in Henry County, on agood pike, in splendid neigh-Dornooa, nas a seven-roomdwelling, tenant house, twohams, other improvements,good, first-class land, in goodstate of cultivation. Price,$110.00 per acre.No. 21 325 acres, mile of Eminence, in Henry County, orCsplendid pike, has no maindwelling, two tenant houses,tnree spienaia Darns, wenienced, owner lives in town.This is a good investment; onL. & N. railroad; this is notthe strongest land; growsgood stuff. Price, $105.00 peracre. -,No. 22 400 acres, three miles fragnEminence, in Henry Counr,on good. piKe, nas a two-storyeignt-room dwelling, tenanthouse, three new barns. Thisis not first-class tobacco land,but produces good. Price,$85.00 per acre. There is 185acres that joins this farm thatcan De Dougnt ror a littlemore money per acre 11 purchaser wants more land. ,No. 23 175 acres, 1 miles from- Simpsonville, in Shelby County, has a four-room dwelling,' two barns, l1 miles fromelectric railway and 1miles of L. & N. railroad.Party that owns has other business, has a dairy herd onfarm which is for sale, alsogrowing urujjs. auy one iu- xjleresiea coma ao no Denerthan investigate into thisproposition. There issome timber on this farm.Price, $15,000.00.No. 24 53.7 acres, and 100 acresjust across road on good pike,four miles from New Castle, inHenry County, in good neighborhood, and in a first-classroom, tworstory dwelling, fivetenant houses; six tobacco Ibarns, two feed-barns,. fencinggood. This is good strongland, in good state of cultivation, rather a sightly place.Price, $140:00 per acre.No. 25 00 to 700 acres, 2 milesof Eminence, three miles ofPleasureville, in Henry Coun -vjr, ixaa at uiuc-iuuiifc unciuug,two stories, tenant houses,"nice barns, under good fences,very desirable as to richnessof soil and in the best offarming community, no betterin Henry and Shelby counties.Price, $160.00 per acre.No. 26 212 acres, 2 miles fromNew Castle, in Henry County,on erhod main nike: has a two-story eight-rooni dwelling, twoT-onoTir hAiioat! rhitan rrna ifencing and .other improvements good, in splendidneighborhood and farming.section, a very desirable andsightly place, good, strongland. Price, $140.00 per acre."NTrt 97 1QK onvaa AS. mfloc fvnm' "EhnlTioTiPA nnil Aht TnilAalO.from Shelbyville, in ShelbyCounty, on- good, pike, in a' splendid .neighborhood, has anine-room two-story dwelling,two tenant houses, two barns,fencing and other improvements srood. This is- good.strong land, and in a splendidfarmngjsection. Price $140.00per acre.No. 28 20 8 acres, one mile fromNew Castle and three milesfrom Eminence, in HenryCounty, on a splendid pikeand very desirably located,has an eight-room brick dwelling, tenant house, two tobaccoREALMeans Buy Your Winter Supplyof NeceSsairy Clothing Now.Evukmuwm JBl B &WM JpEI f.V. ' -z. - - -barns, fencing and other improvements good. This farmis first-class, strong land.Price, $150.00 per acre.29 185 acres, mile from NewCastle, in Henry County, ongood pike, has a new sevenroom, two-story dwelling, tenant house, two barns, fencingand other improvements good.This is a good producing farm,grows tobacco and corn, thecorn now growing will make11 to 12 barrels this year peracre; very desirably located.Price, $125.00 per acre.30 267 acres, five miles fromNew Castle, in Henry County,on good4pike, farm, is mileon a cross pike from mainpike, has a seven-room dwelling, two tenant houses, threegood barns, under good fencing. This farm has had thebest care taken of same; in ahigh state of cultivation, veryfew better, in splendid farming community. The man thatgrabs this one will never regret" it. Price, $110.00 per acre31 Sojd.32 124 acres, one mile fromPleasureville, in Henry County, on good pike, and on railroad; has a two-story, eightroom dwelling tenant house,large barn, fencing good. Thisfarm is good, strong land insplendid farming section.Price, $135.00 per acre.33 83 acres, one mile from Eminence, in Henry County, ongood pike, has a seven-roomdwelling, tenant house, twobarns, good apple orchard,. other improvements good.This is a good little farm welllocated. Price, $140.09 peracre.34 82 acres, 1 miles from Eminence, in Henry County, ongood pike; has a seven-roomnew dwelling, servant house,one barn, fencing and otherimprovements good, a good little farm. Price, $10,000.00.35 276 acres, one mile fromBuckner's Station, close torailroad and electric line, ongood pike, has a two-story,nine-room dwelling, tenanthouse, one large barn and onesmall barn, good fencing andsome timber; good propositionfor the money; located good,only about fifteen miles fromLouisville. 1 Price, $75.00 peracre.36 187 acres, 1" miles fromEminence, Ky., in ShelbyCounty; on splendid pike, hasan eight-room brick dwelling,servant house, two barns,fencing and other improvements good, splendidly located. This is good strong landin splendid state of cultivation. Price, $175.00 per acre.37 218 acres, 1 miles fromEminence, in Henry County,on a splendid pike; has amodern ten - room framedwelling, servant house,tenant . house, three' barns, fencing and other improvements good. This is agood farm, a very attractiveplace and very desirably located. Price, $30,000.00.38 107 acres, l-4 miles fromNew Castle, in Henry County,on good pike; has a seven1 room, two-story dwelling, tenant house, one large combinedbarn, fencing good, and otherimprovements good. This farmis in a good state of cultivation and is well located.Price, $100.00 per acre.39 208 acres, mile, from NewCastle, in Henry County, onsplendid pike; has an eightroom brick house, three barnsNo.20.No!n0.jo.jo.No,'r.No.and silo, fencing and otherimprovements good. Thisfarm is in a 'good state of eultivation, good land, very desirably located. JPrice, $150.00per acre.40 96 acres, "four -miles fromNew Castle, Henry County, onpike;- has a seven-room framedwelling, tenant house, twobarns; fencing and other improvements good. This farmis not the strongest tobaccoland. Price, $90.00 per acre.41 125 acres, one mile fromNew Castle, in Henry County,on, a splendid pike; has" a seven-roomb'rick dwelling, tenant house,' two barns, otherimprovements good. This isgood, strong land,' in' a good, state of cultivation, and mostdesirably located. Price,$135.00 per acre.No.V"No.1L. - xaBBaaaHajaajaajajaBjajajECONOMYWhen the time comes for u$ to replenish our stockprices will be greatly advanced. . Present prices onMen's and Boys Suij, Overcoats,, Underwear, Shoes,Etc., are very reasonable at our storedLET US HELP YOU SAVE!Iwlf'S: AaUr55u2r-LT' J& bb-clytrnnaana ftoA Bawl- 1If to l ft 11 1 T 11 IWH Smtaslss fciTTfirMrrf iTMM rNo. 42 426 acrt, two miles fromNew Castle and two mile-. from Eminence, in HenryCounty, on a splendid pike;has a nine-room brick dwelling, servant house, three tenant houses, four barns, otherimprovements good. This isgood producing land, in firstclass condition, a very attractive farm and splendidly located Price, $150.00 peracre.No. 43 365 acres, two miles fromNew Castle, in Henry County,on splendid pike; has a nineroom frame dwelling, servanthouse, tenant house, threebarns, other improvementsgood. This is a good farmland, in a high state of cultivation, a very desirable placeand splendidly located. Price,$150.00 per acre.No. 44 408 acres, 1 miles fromNew Castle, on good pike, inHenry County; has a six-roomdwelling, two tenant houses,two tobacco and two feedbarns, one silo, other improvements good. This is good producing land, in a good state ofcultivation, desirably located,the place to make money.This land all lays well.Price, $80.00 per acre.No. 45 506 acres, 4 miles fromNew Castle, and three mileafrom L. &. railroad, in HenryCounty, on good pike; has anine-room two-story framedwelling, three tenant houses,one large tobacco barn, twofeed barns, two silos, fencingand other improvements good.This is a splendid farm land ina high state of cultivation,some of land a little rolling, avery desirable place. Price,$100.00 per acre.No. 46 202 acres, mile fromPleasureville, in Henry County, on railroad; has a twostory nine-room dwelling, servant and tenant house, two tobacco and two feed barns,fencing and other improvements good. This is good,strong land, in one of thebest farming communities,well located, land in a goodstate of cultivation. Price,$150.00 per acre.niy.ssrt&jneaor-ii- ri-:l 5ftk 2Jr mw zoi. vf ,it oowntqwenttRhuMiTHERE'S a heap of joyin a ton of good coal.Your stove or furnacewon't have much troublefrom extracting comfortfrom a ton of coal if youbuy it from us. Our rapiddelivery will please you.W. C. DODSONSouth Main St.The Home of Good CoalCABALBARBER SHOPPrompt, and Courteous Attention Wi Patrons.H0TfiAlED;C0I BATHS..PILES! PILES! PILES!WBJlAMy INDIAN MLE OMTKNTWUlcwPt Iliad, BlwdlBff.ttt ItcfcW AeFor Mle by aU feogfiau, mail Ms sad tLOOlWaUUMfCftsClfWffOJL-Jii, -mix i ,r,Omw.m -; -- JniMitit A Mm "&vjTVjNrtry--rfely located,' oodV. ' v. f I1jv--",. wjcTt2-l'fiR51---,f?--x-V-r-" -. TU rfTV - srC- -" XfiJe-vi3 iJf '"JSfj iIl. . V -3rat :-v e. - ... iffKD. &1x5iHr,r. .rsM'a ? iwiutui.;MBBMiaBaMafraMsBMSMSBaW " . ,' " 'rJFPajtiai'""pawpajapavsawMeans Onei&3$'.. 5 "-T" - . STHEMID-WESTLIBERTYOIL CO. Inc.i:.:-.J . . .mm.--:-in-u -r& '-.,Ji -M.r '. f A. .--S.'-i.V"..U"$' --- - - . , c .' t ' " --W. C. BELL, Presidentv ,-afafafafA afafafarBafafaV afafa! afafafB 'u H afafa " byH faTaTaBTaTaTafaTaSaTaTaV afafaS aTaTa) - 'H '-'aYatfl' aTaVaTaTaTaaTaTaV - 'Batata ,.aatatatatamaVaVaVaYA aVaVaraYaYaV -Vaal aVaVaYaa aVaVaVati aYaYaYaYaraYaYaM.jVaYaV'C-'' i H' . mBHBBBBB BBBK '- ' -aYaYaYaTaYaYaaYaYaV - aVaYam. aVaVaYaYaW'aYaYaYaYal batata! BaYaYai M 'bYayB BwH ft -I ' .w v 'BvflBvSV'BvB aS aB SV1' BWSsT ''EVERY INCH IN THE OIL SANDSCentRise- WATCH THE CLOCK'$ : X",-.- -s"? -SfflW SOAR" ffl21'rt:-r..;-::.gjOJP(P."- jVf-Were You Ever Offered the OPPORTUNITYto Invest Your Money with MoreRepresentative Men?S. E. Kerr, Ex-County Clerk, Taylor County, Campbellsville,Ky.W. C. Bell, Farmer, Paris, Ky.Wilmoth Bros., Grocers, Paris, Ky.Thomas Wilmoth, B. & O. R. R., Paris, Ky.Joseph Lippman, Ex-U. S, Dist. Attorney, Salt Lake City, UtahJohn ML Hays, Asst. Sec'y Utah Copper Co. Salt Lake City, UtahHarry S. Joseph, Mining Engineer, Ex-Speaker Utah House ofRepresentatives, Salt Lake City, UtahD. L. Wertheimer, Gen'l Manager, Kahn Bros. Grocery Co., SaltLake City, UtahS. S. Pond, Mine Operator, Salt Lake City, UtahHarold Peery, President Preston Milling Co., Preston, IdahoWith, these men and other satisfied stockholders, you may he sure that everything connected with this1 Company will he open and honorahle, aggressive and strong your interests and everyhody else's will he fullyprotected. (Tkat is the hig thing fco know when you go into any oil or other investment proposition.)Now is the time to send'in that order for the stock at the i)rice as will he indicated hy the dial as the -eaglesoars so will the stock, as the oil sands are penetrated.Taylor county is destined, unless all signs fail, to he one of the hanner OIL AND GAS counties of - the"State of Kentucky. WILLIAM CLEMENT LEONARD, well-known Geologist and Efficiency Expert of 3536Broadway, N. Y., has passed an opinion favorahly.. DRILLS ON THE GROUND ATrr,7 .'rJGeo. Van Dyke's Farm, NearMannsville, KentuckySEE IT WORK"'-. '-?VVu,J TEE MID-WEST LIBERTY OIL COMPANY owning a large accreage.pf OIL and GAS Leases in Taylor "and other-counties, 900 acres Walnut Eield, Kansas, 350 acres witlmu one-quarter mile of large productionin that field, and incorporated under the laws of Kentucky, under the direction of JUDGE DTJNDON, GeneralCounsel of Paris, Ky., has ONE MILLION SHARES (1,000,000) of whichTHREE HUNDRED THOUSAND SHARES!were suhscrihed to and paid hy the ahove named gentlemen, and has SEVEN HUNDRED "THOUSANDSHARES of TREASURY STOCK to be used for development purposes. v -This is a straight forward business proposition, and all money secured through sale of stock will beused for development purposes of the above-named property, and any others we may secure.Liberty Bonds Good As GoldMail or bring your certificate or receipt, or order on your Bank for your LIBERTY BOND and a certificate of the MID-WEST LIBERTY OIL CO. STOCK at fifteen cents (15c) per share NOW, will be immediately mailed you for the amount of your bond. . - '(Tear off here and mail after .filling out this blank) .r "'-'' -. . ' " .. . - ' . -- .- j , ?-.- S' '' - " -TO S. El KERR, Campbellsville, Ky." --' ' ' ,- ' "- -'I hereby subscribe for. shares of the Capital Stock of THE . MID-WEST LIBERTY OILCO;, a corporation of Kentucky, for whichItenclose$t..;i:. U. . --V-.r. . . .-. :Jin.v full payment ; thereof, atilFTEEN CENTS (15c)ershare; ;; , , f'ii'i': " 'v ,;??-. ':'. ..'V..;..,.-' Name ; ;.J.V .. ..-t?.:r.v ...r-. .:...,;;.. .t..- .,;: , - .6l" t. Street of R. ,F. JAVrU.'U . .'.-. . . . . ... . Box-. . : .,.Occupation .... f'..:. Town v ....... . ; ". ........: .T. State """. ....... .. , yTH0SWILMOTHw . 4! r . s.' J-'&L V.tV7 ---"r'-jZV. "Xf ..9 .74.4A&i&t' -T&J.--, if'W?r. --'j.. " ufK'S-fJkiZ'U1J-.-.5""?''-",'' &in Stock!-;, - VJ ' Vv Si-. . !t ."" T5,Jva:e" ':-jIITHEif"' ..SMID-WESTLIBERTYOIL CO. Inc.- " ' - -s. '--" '2''."L-.-,-)r-t.4-a.-ir"S.J'.,-' -S 5 - ' - --iW" .- ". "- i ; "Ir ' . WW J' '., rt '' ' - ' 3". -" ' " '. ?-' - ' " . . ? - ' --T :fcc --L. '-'v v - - -& -M- ." ' ' - ' " " ' " ' '''" ""y -- ' ' - m"---A. '-' -r-n yB t-;- "- ". . ' :"" " r ."s w A' m- ' " $Wf -' fi "" n y ' pm- ? -' i-ASecretary and Treasurer .if5 ' - i - - - -ssfiBOI'-,a3ttfiEB&Mt,Mr.mW-'"-5"A&f.lf 1 1 1 1 111 HIHIIMHH 111 mil mil Mill II It 1 1 1 1 1 II . v 4 ' tV Vt7- t.I The J. T. Hinton Co.UNDERTAKERSAND EMBALMERSParis Kv.Main 'and SixthStreetsDay phone 36N?sht : . . 56or Home 286Motor equipment.3Ambulance calls promptly attended to withLimousine Invalid Coach.Hearse, usedfor funeral purposes only.. MATBIMONIAI. -.;.ALDRIDGE CURTISMiss ' Anna May Aldridge, ofBourbon county, and Mr. Allen Curtis, of Clark county, were married inWinchester at the residence of theofficiating minister, Rev." J. W!Harding. The bride is a daughterof Mr. and Mrs. Gus Aldridge, ofBourbon county, who formerly resided in. Winchester, but who havelately, made their home near NorthMiddletown.ourifrfr'I'frfr'I'frfrfr'l'frfrfr'HM'fr'KMILLERSBURG.- No change for better in the con-lition of Mrs. Belle Taylor.- The ladies of thein the local postoffice. After this he Jfollowed his trade of carpenter. -Hewas a man of quiet, unassumingmanner and well-liked by all whoknew him. Mr. Vimont is survived; by his mother, Mrs. Mary L. Vimon,one brother, Mr. J. B. Vimont, andone sister, Miss Bettie Tom Vimont.' ,, ,. .The remains were brought here yes-SSSNIO1 n MillersburgcemSery at'threeiouncediate7 (20) ;clock yesterday afternoon, -withjounced latei. (6U-ZI) jshort services at the grave.Mr. and Mrs. Albert Hinton, of j3?a'ris, were guests recently of' their i A mass meeting was held- Fridaysa-unt, Mrs. Ruth Peed, and daughter, evening at seven-thirty at the MajesSSIiss Carrie Peed. tic Picture Theatre for the purposeFOR SALE One Dayton Bacon of trying to abolish some of the!VfPit Sliner: one Davton .cnmnutinz- iPiace wnicn are detrimental to sociScales; also one Bowser Oil Can.-JLddress or phone undersigned,WM. SAUER,C30-2t) Paris, Ivy.:Mr. H, J. Faith and family'Have moved here from Lexington,and are occupying the Griffith. - property, recently " vacated by Mr."Dennis McNamara and family. Mr., TFaith recently purchased the barbertshop of Mr. D. V. Dunn.All persons desiring typewriting-work done please call on me at my"Thome. I will guarantee good work.Trices reasonable. For further particulars, call on Mrs. R. M. Caldtwell, Trigg avenue. Home Phone2 (26-4t)' Mr. andjtfrs. O. E. Hurst returned Thursday after a few weeks'-visit to relatives at Charleston,, 111.,-and Muncie, Ind. Mr. Hurst also at- tended the National Freternal Fire"Insurance Convention ,at KansasCity, Mo., last week.-The Twentieth Century Glub is" -collecting books for the soldiers. Ifyou have any you wish to contribute,please leave same with Mrs. Dr. C.73. Smith. Magazines are also'ac-"aeeptable, provided they are not over?two years old. (30-2t)Mrs. Lee Corrington aged about"55, died at her home at Memphis,"Tenn., Friday, about four a. m. HerTiusband is a brother of Mr. C. W.C'Corrington, of Millersburg, and was-raised here, and had a" large circle.of friends, who will regret to learnA-o'f his loss.? Mr. and Mrs. C. W Corrington-. -returned ' Thursday after a twbr weeks' sojourn at Atlanta, Ga., whereMr. Corrington has, been under medfdcal treatment. He is much improved, and unless some unforseen-V tiwible sets up he will not have tov-fvisit his Atlanta specialist again.Miss Cook, of Harrodsburg, FieldSecretary of the Kentucky Red Cross,"jmet with the local Chapter here, atv the" ' Y." W. C. A. room of the M. C." IFriday afternoon, and instructed:the society in hospital necessities3l large number was in attendance,. .-und, the meeting was enthusiastic,-?ndf'our ladies are all thoroughlyt aroused in Red Cross work. MissyCook also inspected the work-l&at Tias"been done and pronouncedlit .good. The " society is ready tonsend box consisting of twenty-fivesweaters, twelve pairs of socks, oneAuadred and ten sheets, one hundredaad ten pillow cases, forty-eight,- mufflers, two helmets and several. $air of wristlets." This is a time of high prices.PWfi should do what we can to cur-Wa.U; expenses. Most everything ink "the tjommercial world has made5wacfked advances in the past fewMonths.. .Some things a hundred-jjper cent., but the Bourbon Laundry7" z5s doing -business at the same oldric6, while" our competitors have-twuLjped their prices. We are stillengendering collars at two cents,v, Jifcirts ten, spreads fifteen, sheets3fcre, table cloths fifteen to twenty-.-recents. Give us your patronage.-EJe money you wiH save .in doing"lijMftness with us will do mucn inv -Red 'Cross work. For further par-" ticlars, call on R. M. Caldwell,- at,t, H5me Phone 82, TriggC$vfte (26-4t)' fr. Emile P. Vimon, aged sixty-kre, for many years a highly-re-N-apected resfdent of Millersburg, diedtajULay at noon at the State Hospital,-, "SjScington, -after a lingering ill-imss. Mrj.if imbnt had been in fail-iaM kealth for two years, and had" yiZm? 4mder treatment at the StateTfiQapittl for over a year.H was a son of tne late uoi. rnos.ety, and especially to young men andboys now in school. A large audience was in attendance and considerable interest was manifested. Addresses were made by Rev. J. D.Redd, Col. C. M. Best, Elder C. 0.Cossaboom, of Millersburg, and thefollowing from Paris: Messrs. M. P.Collier, Henry Power and Mr. Wilcox, of the. Y. M. C. A. Rev. A. S.Venable, of the. Presbyterian churchpresiding.The addresses were all good andstrictly along the line of needed reform. Col. Best pointed out howmany of his boys upon more than oneoccasion had been decoyed into apool room on more than one Sundayafternoon. He also paid his respectsl to the cigarette habit, and said is wasdoing more to ruin nten than .thewhisky habit, especially now sincethe nation was thoroughly arousedon the liquor situation, Elder Csosaboom, submitted a resolution, to bepresented to the City Council, at itsj next meeting, praying them to refuseto grant lisense to the pool roomsnow in operation at the expiration oftheir time, and also to refuse togrant licenses to any that might apply to operate the same. The resolution carried, and Elder Cossaboom,with the official board of the fourevangelical churches, will ge beforethe next Council meeting, on theevening of November 7th. The resolution also embodies that a place -ofamusement will be provided by thecitizens of the town, which willbuild up our young manhood', socially, -morrally and religiously.A motion was made, seconded andcarried that the chair appoint a committee of five to wait upon the cigarette dealers, and ask them to discontinue their sale. The chair reservedthe appointment until later. Messrs.Collier, Powers and Wilcox wereasked to address the meeting alongthe line of Y.M. C. A. work. - Itnow looks as though Millersburg issoon to have a Y. M.. C. A. Thetfiree gentlemen of Paris pledged ustheir .support and said they wouldgive us all the assistance and ..cooperation possible. However, nodefinite action ' was 'taken by themeeting. There will be other conferences with he Paris association,after which .another meeting will becalled. The meeting was harmoniousthroughout, and thus far everythingis moving nicely.EVANS DAVIS. -The marriage of Miss SusieDunreath Evans and Mr. BruceDavis, both of Lexington, an eventthat will be of decided interest toParis people, will be celebrated atthe Methodist church in Nicholasville, at 8:30 o'clock, Thursdayevening, the Rev. 0. B. Crockett,formerly pastor of the Paris church,officiating, assisted by the Rev. Benj.Bush, of Lexington.Mr. Withers Davis, of Paris,cousin of the groom, will be bestman, anfl Messrs. John F. Davis andJo. Davis, Jr., of Paris, also hiscousins, will be ushers. Mr. BruceDavis is a son of the late Dr. BenDavis, who was in business in Parisfor many years, and is .prominent inLexington business circles. MissEvans is one of the loveliest ofNicholasville's -many fair daughtersand a social favorite.A number of Paris people, amongthem Mr. and Mr.s Jos. W. Davis,and daughter, Mrs. Katherine DavisCraig, and other relatives from. thecity and the county will attend thewedding. After the ceremony at thechurch a reception for the bridalparty and their nearest kinmen andfriends will be held at the home ofMr. and Mrs. Charles S. Evans, parents of the bride-elect. . The bridalcouple will leave after the receptionfor a wedding journey, and upontheir return will reside in Lexington. 151 fe SDEATHS. .1 i. i i I ll ,111 JIB) II, . I I Mil mi " I' lili 1 m-- ---- --ystock, timjfec. I Coming ni nip fini y n i y n 1 1 luri IU.2tl If Attractions fflflll) bHAllD flf fflfllU ICounty Live Stock Inspector T.E. Hutchings, of Nicholas county,reports several casqg of hog cholerain that county. Blackleg has alsobeen discovered there in severalherds of cattle. The farmers havebeen warned to take precautions toprevent a spread of those diseases.Clarence LeBus, Harrison county's' largest land owner, and probablythe owner of more farm land thanany man in Kentucky, recently shipped 1,500 lambs, which averaged 90pounds each, at 17 -cents a pound.This is undoubtedly the best sale oflambs ever made in Kentucky, theshipment bringing Mr. LeBus about$23,000. The lambs were sold toTatem, Embry & Co., of Louisville.TBsNOTICE TO THE PUBLIC.Persons desiring to send Christmasparcels to their friends in Francewho are .members of the American!forces stationed there are informedthat such, parcels should be addressed with ink and must bear the return address of the sender. Therate of postage is twelve cents perpound, and must not exceed sevenpounds in weight.The Postoffice Department has advised that parcels must be mailedprior to November 15 to reach theaddress by Christmas.J. WALTER PAYNE, P. M.TUESDAYMary Anderson and Antonio Morino in ."The Magnificent Meddler"Vitagraph Blue Ribbonfeature.Wm. Duncan and CarolHolloway in 8th episodeof ''The Fighting Trail."Also Mutual Weekly.WEDNESDAY.Vivian Martin in"Giving Becky a Chance"Morosco production on Paramountprogram.FATTY ARBUCKLE in. new Paramount comedy; also Burton Holmes'Travels.THUESDAY. - 'Charles Ray in Triangle K. B. feature, "The Clodhopper"Popular Players in "Perils of theBakery." Triangle comedy.ORCHESTRA OF FOUR PIECES!PRICESAt. the Alamo Children 5c, adults 10c.At the Paris Grand -Children 5c, adults 15c.Colored persons, children 5c, adults 15c.AlamcT2 to 5:30; Paris Grand 7 to 10:30CUMMINS.Mr. Terry L. Cummins, ager thirty-two.an employe of the Louisville& Nashville, in its local service, diedat his home on South Vine street,about 8:30 Sunday night, of dropsy.Mr. Cummins had- been confined tohis home for several months.He is survived by his widow andtwo children. The body was shippjedto Corbin yesterday morning, wherethe funeral and burial will take place Ito-day.WflRGOLEN'SSPECIALSFor This WeekMUTH.Mr. Edward G. Mu th, 'aged aboutsixty, a former resident of Paris,died last week at his home in Richland, Mo., where he had resided sinceleaving Paris many years ago. Thefuneral and burial was held in Richland. Mr. Muth was a native of Paris,and was for years in the shoe business-here,first as a clerk for the lateMr. J. A. Bassett, and then going inbusiness for himself at his employer's death. Mr. Muth conducted aflourishing shoe business in the roomin the McClintock building now occupied by Lusk & Shea" grocery. -.He is survived by his mother,Mrs. E. Muth, who is now in hereighty-eighth year, his widow andtwo children, one brother, Dr. WillMuth, and one sister, Mrs. MinnieMuth Miller, both of St. Louis, Mo.Matches - - oc6 boxes for 25CLenox Soap 06 cakes for'. 25CLarge packageRolled Oats ...... IOCBest High Grade 0Coffee, per lb ....... 25 CPreserving eifPears,per bushel $1-50NOTICETo Automobile OwnersBad Weather is Here! iHflRGOLEN'SSanitary Meat MarketYour Top and Curtains NeedRepairing.N9New Lights Put InALSO A EULL LINE OFACCESSORIES AND SUPPLIESOVERHAULING A SPECIALTYA. V. DOUGLAS GARAGE718 HIGH STREET(oct26-4t)PARIS, KENTUCKY Z::-IS WS fe-anyWeSEE US FERST.See us first when. you havekind of a -deal in Teal estate.know how to get results(16-6t) PARIS REALTY CO.' 1fi5 B PSTO TAX PAYERS .Tax receipts of thecity for 1917 are nowin the hands of CityCollector ClarenceThomas, at the Peoples Deposit BankCall- and pay themnow.J. T; HINTON,,(augl0-tf) Mayor.BIRTHS.-To to wife of Mr. Dan Mahaney, L & N. engineer, residing onftpea, -nd. at one time was 'clerk Winchester street, a son.ASBURY.Mr. John Asbury, aged seventyseven, a native of Harrison county,but lately - residing at Wilmore, inJessamine county, died at the homeof his son, Mr. ..Harry Asbury, inMiamisburg, Ohio, last wek, wherelie had been on a visits Mr. Asburywas taken suddenly ill with acuteindigestion, and -"died in a fewhours.Mr. Asbury and family resided inParis for several years, in the property on Pleasant street, now occupied by Judge H. Clay Howard andwife. They later leased the oldThurston Hotel, on Main street,now occupied by the Simon Department Store;, which they conducted asa boarding house for a time,' afterward moving to a farm near RuddlesMills.He is survived by twelve children.Thejr are Mrs. W. A. Carr, John WAsbury, of Kelat, Harrison county;H. E. Asbury and Mrs. A. W. Rankin," Richmond, Ind.; Mrs. T. A .Rankin, Sabina, O.; H. G. Asbury,Miamisburg, O.; Mrs. C. E. Hicks,of Cynthiana-T Mrs. C. "W. Reister,Nicholasville; Orie Asbury, "VstCarleton, 0?; Benton Asbury, RedBird, Mo.; Miss Pearl' Asbury andMiss Gertrude Asbury, of Wilmore.- The body was sent to Cynthiana,where the funeral was held Sunday,wih burial in the Benson, buryingground." -TflBl.GOVERNOR' TO DEDICATE STATEXJ.OXL AAXUIUjIIXVGovernor A. O. Stanley and EdwinP. Morrow, of Somerset, will deliveraddress at the dedication of theBenoni Macklin State Fish Hatchery,near the Forks of Elkhorn, four milesfrom Frankfort to-morrow. Herethe State of Kentucky will nurturebaby bass and in this way help inthe conservation of fish.Visitors from all parts of the Statehave been invited to attend the dedicatory exercises, which are to beginat 11 o'clock. Before the speakersare heard the representatives gathering from all parts of Kentucky,will learn the nature of the big andsniall mouth black bass, the familiargoggle-eye and how the species arepropagated.JSsr T Rv- "AmiBUYNOWYour New Fall BootsAwait You Here in an EndlessAssortmentST "1 111 I"' ' ll IIIII " " II '' In - . l . i-3lf f r - " i wumrEvery description of footwear, every style, including allthe pretty novelties, all the new creations, at pric s that'laugh at the day of thcriigh cost of shoes.Quality Style EconomyA Combination Always Found MereIf you want correct footwear at prices unequaledwhere, then touy your shoes here tomorrow without failany-Isn't it strange that" men who brag.always brag about something- that;, idoesn't interest yout in thev lst?; 'Ladies dark tan EnglishBtfotsLadles' Black Calf Eng" lish BootsLadies' Gun Metal .But-;. ton Boots . . . . .-. ,Sortie of .Ourh.$4.95$2.99$2.499fMen's Tan English A A AWelts $4.00Mens Gun Metal, -.EnglishMen's Gun Metal, - i nnButton. ........... ...$1.99$3.49f"?BOYS' AND GIRLS' "a ;U M O O L S H Q E S 1Great Bargain. PricesDAN COHENVpere Beauty and Economy Reign ; IParis' Greatest Shoe Stores-is.&- ? ?v- -S&-&&J -3d wTT"ff?-"'&3.:r;.-."-i -iwy -MLi-w? jrifjV-S ?--";.I. TLJ&1!--C"..j-yi.;'-&'