i. -THEBOURBON'Xv.PUBLISHED EVERY TUESDAY AND FRIDAY IN THE YEAR.VOLUME XXXVIIPARIS; BOURBON COUNTY, KENTUCKY, FRIDAY, JUNE 1, 1917IS BOURBON INTHE OIL FIELD?SUGH IS THE BELIEF OF PROSPECTORS AT WORK IN THISCOUNTY.That oil may soon be discovered inBourbon county is the belief of anumber of spectators and propectorsyho have been actively at work inthis county in the Hutchison vicinity for several weeks past. Theseoperators are men who have hadlong experience in the oil fields ofPennsylvania, Ohio, Texas and Oklahoma, and their predictions thatthere is oil in the section of Bourbon county referred to above may betaken literally.Mr. George W. Easton, an experienced oil man, well driller and operator, a Pennsylvania prospector, appears to be the leading spirit in thesearch for the oily deposia -vhich3ie believes lie in the bowels of theearth in this county. Mr. Eastonhas been the most active man in securing leases for oil and mineralrights on the farms in the Hutchison vicinity where the developmentslook most promising.It was learned by THE NEWS manthis week that the owners of a verylarge body of land lying in theHutchison vicinity have been approached at different times by operators to lease the oil and mineralrights on their lands. This is supplementary to others which were reported some weeks ago in the sameneighborhood.Mrs. William Kenney stated thatleases have been offered tosseveral ofher neighbors not only for oil andmineral, but for natural gas rightsa& well. She said that her own farmol seventy acres in the Hutchisonneighborhood was one of the number that the operators had under consideration. The leases are all in thenominal terms of one dollar, and allprovides for the usual one-eighthroyalty upon all oil or gas marketedIt was also stated that the extensive lands of the Charlton Alexanderheirs, Mr. M. R. Jacoby, Mrs. Beattie and others in the same vicinityare also under lease for the same purpose. There has never been any extensive oil or mineral developmentsin Bourbon conuty, although therehave been some gas wells of smallproduction, which the land ownersiise for heating and lighting theirown houses. Several years ago aflurry was created in the North Middletown neighborhood by the discovery of small pockets of oil on thefarm of the late Col. J. W. Prescottand others in that vicinity, but thedevelopments were abandoned afterbeing worked but a short time.MORE IMPORTANT THAN INTEREST. In the payment of a debt it is nottho interest, but the principal, whichgives the greatest trouble.The Bourbon Building & Loan Association loans money at 6 per cent,and each monthy payment reduces theprincipal along with, the interest.Call at our office for full particularsregarding our new ones, which opensJune 2.WILL S.-ARNSPARGER,C29-2t) Secretary.?. H. S. ALUMNIBANQUET-REUNION.The twentieth annual banquetand reunion of the Paris High SchoolAlumni Association will be held thisyar, as usual, in the gymnasium othe High School building, on Thursday, June 7.After the graduating exercises inthe Auditorium of the school thernombers of the Alumni Associationwill adjourn to the gymnasium,where a tasty banquet will bespread.It isearnestly hoped that all graduates of the Paris High School willpay their respects to their almamater by being present. The program will appear in another issue ofTHE NEWS.. . STRAW HAT WEATHERComfortable Panamas and leghorns.Tifew style sailors, in fact every goodstraw hat style is shown here $2 toJ. W. DAVIS &.C0.-XAYSVILLE DISTRICTCONFERENCE MEETING.The Maysville District Conferenceof the Methodist Episcopal Church,South, will convene at Bethel, inEath county, Monday evening ,for athiee-days' session.Mr. Dennis V. Sn&pp, of Paris, willdeliver the addreae.speaking on the"work of the Epworth League and theYoung Peoples' Society of the MethoC!t church.BUSINESS MEN DECLARE VinCE WATrUFOR BOND ISSUE, i lfcUMi W A 1 CHPARIS, KY, May 29, 1917.TO WHOM IT MAY CONCERN :We, the undersigned citizens and!business men of Paris, believing thatthe need of getting children out ofthe basement is urgent, that there i.3great danger to their health, thatthe present plans of the Board ofEducation are as good as can be devised, and that the present time is asopportune as there is any likelihoodof its being for several years, dohereby heartily endorse the movement for the proposed additions tothe schools and pledge ourselves tovote for the bond issues on Saturday,June, 2, 1917:JAMES DAUGHERTY,JAS. McCLURE,M. J. LAVIN,JAS. S. WILSON,D. F. WILSON,F. P. LOWRY,N. F. BRENT,riJOHN F. DAVIS,W. W. MITCHELL,F. P. WALKER,ROBT. COLLIER, tC. 0. HINTON,CHAS. P. COOK & CO..H. L. BALDWIN,H. W. MANN,CHARLES, B. MAY,GARRARD DAUGHERTY,JOHN R. OWENS,O. G. LYTLE,G. C. BALDWIN,R. P. WALSH,F. E. LYTLE,HARRY SIMON,GEO. McWILLIAMS,W. 0. HINTON.J. W DAVIS,M. H. DAILEY,LEER STOUT,J. R. HOWE,C. L. STEENBERGEN.a. f. wheeler & co., "chas. green,r. r. McMillan,a. b. winters,J. C. ENGLEMAN,TOM J. KISER.B. J. BRANNON,M. P. COLLIER.SWIFT CHAMP,D. FELD,L. B. BALDWIN,J. WALTER PAYNE.A. B. HANCOCK,G. S. LYTLE,R. F. CLENDENIN,N. H. RION,W. A. HILL,c. a. McMillan.Many business men have not hadan opportunity to sign the above.Only three declared against theissue and refused to sign it.BOARD OF EDUCATION.IMPORTANT ACTION-OFBOARD OF HEALTHPARIS, KY., June 1, 1917.Investigating the Paris HighSchools, white and colored, and having found many unsanitary conditions existing therein, the Board ofHealth feel it its duty to notify thosein charge that unless necessarychanges are made looking to the relief of such ill conditions, s'aid Boardwill be constrained to close the basement of the High School, (white)for the reception of children in classrooms. This part of the buildingwas not at all intended by thebuilding committee to ever have been usedfor such purposes. There is a wayto obviate the difficult' and theHealth Board can not too stronglyrecommend any means to that end.Neither mental not physical devel-oDment should be retarded in ourschool. Each child should have fullorjDortunitv to respond to the demands which will be made upon himor her in the ordinary duties ofschool life. Damp walls, insufficientlight and scarcity of ventilation cannot conduce to the best that is ina boy or girl, therefore the actionof this Board.(Signed.)DR. F. P. CAMPBELL, Pres.MONROE MANSFIELD,N. OBERDORFER.A. H. KELLERi Sect.MAY 29, 1917.LOARD OF EDUCATION.PARIS CITY SCHOOLS.DEAR SIRS:At the request of Members Clendenin and Hancock, of your Board, Imade a thorough inspection of theCity School building this morning.At the same time I interviewed someteachers 'as to the purely technicalpart of their work.I am thoroughly satisfied thatteachers and pupils are not doingtheir best work because of thecrowded condition of the buildingand the constant shifting, jugglingand mixing of children from room toroom.I found children in basement rooms;these rooms were poorly lighted,foul with stagnant air, walls dampand even wet to sight and feel; atleast one room was permeated byodorrs from a lavatory. Up stairsI found children in K narrow roopiswith light from but One side; I sawsix and eight .year old children bending and twisting their backs andbodies into all sorts of harmful positions at their desks in order to utilize the insufficient light on a brightsunshiny morning; on a cloudy day IimafHno thev do everything but standnn Tilr ViaaHcsI would not aiiow m.uu iu&h .-. - -rMU of ln to attend your SCnoOl II ,it haito occupy either of these nvcWILL BE KEPTAGITATORS AGAINST REGISTRAvTION FOR CONSCRIPTIONBE ARRESTED.TOWASHINGTON, May 31. Specialorders were given to Government official throughout the country to keepa close watch upon meetings at whichthere is likely to be agitation againstregistration under the war army actand to prepare to arrest speakerswho encourage violations,of the law.Although the Department of Justice is satisned that German 'influence and money are behind the efforts in various sections to interferewith registration, it is officially stated that the influences are regardedas local and sporadic and not inspired by any serious organized effort.WASHINGTON, May 31. A list ofall known American nrisnnprs nfvwarin Germany made known by the StateDepartment, contains names of sev-,enty-four men, all of whom weretaken from merchant ships, capturedby German war vessels.Sixty-one of the prisoners are in adetention camp at Dulmen. One isat Bastatt, Bavaria; five at Karlsruhe, and seven at Havelberg. Mrs.N. Boswell, 4811 Louisville, Ky., andPerkins Walter, Lot, Ky., are amongthe prisoners being detained.or six rooms; I think the wholebunch of you should be indicted bythe Grand Jury.W. C. USSERY.PARIS, KY., May, 27, '17.TCWHOM IT MAY CONCERN:This is to certify that I have today inspected the Paris High Schoolbuilding, and find the rooms in thebasement which are being used forschool purposes are in every way unsanitary, and will propagate adiseases, and will sperad any infectious disease which is brought intothem. This is of the greatest invportance to the public, and' of evenmore importance to the parents.J. T. BROWN, M. D.Upon inspection of the basementof the City School building I foundvails damp, ventilation and lightbad, and a general unsanitary condition? jC child confined in such quarters will not have an equal chancewith one whose quarters are sanitary and healthful, in resisting tindiseases common to humanity.JOHN M. WILLIAMS, M. D.Paris, Ky., May 29, 1917.PARIS, KY., May 27, 1917.THE BOARD OF EDUCATION:Having gone on recoid as to thenecessity of enlarging the Paris CitySchool building when the question ofa bond issue was discussed first atthe meeting of the Paris CommercialClub, I wish to reaffirm that declaration, for the following reasons:(1) It is impossible to have goodsanitary conditions with sanitaryplumbing necessities on the samelevel in a basement.(2) It is impossible to get sunlight and proper hygienic conditionsin a basement.(3) In this limestone region it isimnnssihle to tirevent seenace of water in basement rooms, so that water stands in one adjacent to thoseoccupied as school rooms.(4) Dampness, lack of sunlightand proper ventilation foster tuberculosis, and lower general resistancepredisposing children to tonsllitls,throat troubles and all diseases inceneral.(5) Germs of diptheria soon diewhen exposed to dry, warm sunlignt,but live indefinitely in dark moistatmosphere, as do germs of all otheidiseases.(6) It is unfair not to give everychild a good chance in life, so it isunfair to expose a child during tnolong hours spent in school to unfavorable conditions.It will be a crying shame to defeat the bond issue and not relievethe overcrowded rooms, besides taking the children out of the dampsunless, badly ventilated basementrooms.Very truly,C. G. DAUGHERTY.TO THE BOARD OF EDUCATION:At the lequest of Mr. Cledenin, amember of the School Board, I visitedthe basement rooms in the CitvSchool.I found three school rooms, whereprobably one hundred and twentyfive children spend five or six .hoursper daydamp and chilly, though thoair was pleasant outside. I found thewhole environment such as would nottend to the improvement of thechild, neither mentally nor physically. The rdoms are half under theground. Two of these three facelavatories, and the air is vitiatedwith bad odors; the xooms themselvesare ugly and- gloomy, which has adepressing effect on the child. Noneof the rooms is at all such a roomas any of our citizens would choosefor a living room In his home, andyet one hundred and twenty-five ofour children, at the most impressionable age of their lives, spend In theserooms six hours a day, twenty daysin the month for ten months in the,year.Can you measure the injury doneni j .. omac vuuuieusDR. MARTHA PETREE.PRESENT CONDITION v1 CITY SCHOOLS OF PARIS.The present condition of the CitvSchools of Paris, as shown by enroll-ment for the second term of 1917, isas ows:wigii School, 148 pupils in fourrooms.Miss Chrisp, 43 pupils.Miss McCord, 40 pupils.Miss Howard, 43 pupils.Miss Farrell, 30 pupils.Miss Clark, 47 pupils, Basement.Miss Brannon, 41 pupils.Miss Dettwiler, 46 pupils.Mrs. Payne, 43 pupils, basement.Miss Lenihan, 46 pupils.Miss Purnell, 43 pupils.Mrs. Stone. 32 pupils.Miss Whaley, 45 pupils.Miss Talbott, 45 pupils.Miss Lay ton, 39 pupils.Miss Lilleston, ,39 pupils.Mrs. Harris, 24 pupils.Teachers' rest room half size.We invite the public to visit ou'schools and see if the conditions arenot as above stated.Respectfully,THE BOARD OF EDUCATION.R. F. Clendenin, President.M. P Collier, Vice-President.N. H. Rion, Secretary.J. S. Wilson.A. B. Hancock,'C. 0. Hinton.ROADS WASHED OUT.Game Warden Bush Bishop returned yesterday from a motor tripthrough Nicholas, Mason and Bracken counties, where he had been onbusiness connected with his office.Mr. Bishop reports the pikes asbeing in bad cqndition following therecent storms. Trees were blowndown and fences scattered along theMaysville pike for miles. In manyplaces the force of the wind and water had ripped the macadam surface off the pikes leaving the rockyfoundation layers exposed. In otherplaces he saw yards of tobacco cotton hanging on fences where it hadbeen blown from the beds and washed into the branches by the swiftdownrush of the water from gullieson the hillsides.Twisted and lightning-scarred treswere in evidence on both sides of theroad all the way down. In someplaces the pike was almost impassable, and lie had a hardrtime gettingaround some of the obstructions.)CVOG(SCHOOLFacts About TheCity SchoolThe suggestion has been made that bycutting out the non-resident pupils we mightdo with fewer rooms and fewer teachers.If you will read carefully the followingfacts as to the number and distribution ofthe non-resident pupils you will se(e that wecould not do without a single room or teacher, even though we should cut out every oneof the non-resident pupils., " The High School has seven pupils perroom of non-residents.The-Eighth Grade has none.The Seventh Grade has four.The Sixth Grade has eight.The Fifth' Grade has seven.The Fourth Grade has six.The Third Grade has six.The Second Grade has twelve.The First Grade has six.Now, if we were to refuse to admit -anynon-residents the largest number removedfrom any one room would be twelve, whichyou can readily see would not save us a single room or teacher. But don't overlookthe fact that the increase derived from non-residents is over $2,000 enough to hirehree teachers.BOARDPOSTMASTERS TOAID IN RECRUITING"IF YQU DON'T SERVE IN FIGHTING LINE, GET OTHERS T0 ENLIST," SAYS APPEAL.jTPostmaster J. Walter Payne has received a copy of the following message, similar ones having been mailed to the postmasters of eixty-eightcounties in the State, asking them toassistjn speeding up recruiting forthe army:"Don't 'let Kentucky fall behindwith fighting men for the UnitedStates Army. Kentucky has alwaysdone its duty, so let the recruits forthe army come now at a time whenthey are needed. Make up the number required. Make up a good fighting machine of Kentucky men, menthat count."If you can't serve in the fightingline, do your bit by getting men toenlist. Take all men between eighI teen and forty years. No marriedmen wanted at present. We wantgood, real fighting men, especially forthe First Regiment. Now, do yourduty by your country, and send onrecruits. Let's make Kentucky countin this war.". ,The War Department in its ordersWednesday asked the Lexington re-cruiting officers to speed recruitingup to the maximum. The circularssent out to the postmasters carry the"I approximate number of persons fromeach county likely to be drafted inthe first call. In this vicinity thelist stands as follows: Fayette. 1.-175; Bourbon, 425; Nicholas county,!250; Fleming county, 400; Madisoncounty, 650; Scott county, 425. 'HECK'S AUTOCOLLIDES WITH TREEIn the darkness which overspreadLexington during the storm Sundaynight, Mr. C. W. Heck, while drivinghis auto down a street in Lexingtoncollided with a tree near the edge ofthe sidewalk. The machine was damaged, the front axle being bent andthe fenders broken. Mr. Heck wasable to return to Paris, where thecar was placed in the repair shop.THAT-NDMore. How muchyour property?If it ig $500per year.If $750 you would pay 75c.If S1,000 you would payS1.00.If 1,200 you would pay $1.25.If $1,500 you would pay $1.50.If $1,750 you would pay $1.75.If $2,000 you would pay $2.00.If $2,500 you would pay $2.25.If $3,000 you would pay $3.00.to $3.00 perkeep 131 ofbor's childrenCity School building?If you don'task to be shownYou have thetions, and we guarantee you every courtety -r1-' - JMOF EDUCATION 1ALL MUST REGISTER FOR ?MILITARY SERVICE JUHEr I.rAll men between the ages of 21and 31 years must register forpiil-Itary service, If called upon, mxtTuesday, June 5. That does otmean at all that all who register Trillbe called on for service, but that Urof the above ages mentioned mwpresent themselves for registration,even the classes exempted fromiUtary service under the conscriptionact of Congress.Here are some of other proTitomof the law of interest to all waowiUget their names on the conscriftioroll:Any person failing to regiatw, orwho registers falsely shall be guiltyof a misdemeanor. -In case of temporary absence fromhis legal residence, a man must reg-Ister by maiI-" Hours of registration shall b k-tween 7 a. m. and 9 .. m.. Jun 5.1917, at the registration place layour home precinct, . vThose who are too ill to regtetarare required to apply f or instructlo-mbefore June 5, as to how they .mayregister by agents.The sick and those absent fromhome on June 5, may apply tothSheriff of the county where they majcbe, or to the City Clerk, in cities oZmore than 30,000 population, on amyday after the proclamation is issued.They may .fill out the blanks and forward them to the proper registration,officer at once.Congress proposes to dam the Mis-sissippiata cost of ?40,000,000,000.W1I agree to dam it and Congresshoth for half the sum.mmmmm SSProclamation !.Tuesday, June 5th. being the darset apart for registration, and It being apparent that full attention begiven to the same by all the citizsasof Bourbon county, a mass metiais hereby called for all citizens of tkecounty to meet at the Court HouseonMonday, June 4. 1917. at 2:30 d. m.All merchants of the City of Paris,K'- are hereby requested to clos5their stores on said day from 2:30until 3:00p. m.C. AMcMillan,County JudgeJ. T. HINTON,Mayor City of Paris.ISSUEAbout TheIncrease in Taxes iis the assessed valuation ofyou would have to pay 50c "Is it a fact in order to save 50ctyear, you would vote toyour own or your neigk-in the basement of tkec-ht .sicbelieve these facts, go and,through the building.right to know the condi-4: y, i1?A &K &KTlSrV '-?&'7Z-raAvv.""rr?k : ."act ?-i-. -T - - " JV . . . -W.- I t Mf V. r , J,7AIparS,JTXDAT,jmXM XIKfAGX TWOc-.j TTuKBaNTnrws- T" cb. V , tW IIl1'I':J1'f1 1kfr5iHtrThe Bourbon NewsThIIihd 118135 Years of Contlnuout Publication.fckUshed Every Tuesday and Friday.nt Year... $2.00 Six Months. ..$1.00Payable in Advance.WIFTCiMP, Editor and Owner.Any erroneous reflection upon thefcaractcr, standing or reputation ofany person, firm or corporation "whichay appear in the columns of THEBOURBON" NEWS will be gladly corrioted if brought to attention of theditor.ADVERTISING RATESDisplay Advertisements, $1.00 perInch for first time; 50 cents per incheach subsequent insertion.Reading Notices, 10 cents per lineeach, issue; reading notices in blacktype, 20 cents per line, each issue.Cards of thanks, calls on candidates, obituaries and resolutions, andBimilar matter, 10 cents per line.Special rales for large advertisements and yearly contracts.The right of publisher is reservedto decline any advertisement or othernatter for publication.Announcements for political officesmust invariably be accompanied bythe cash.ftEDITORIAL MUSINGS.The Mighty Bean.Once upon a time our sympathiesvont out to the "poor devils" whoate beans. We somehow learned tojfix a fellow's fianancial standing by"svlfeat he carried home from the grocery, and when we saw him sneakingLome with a side of bacon and a sackof beans we hoped that the time"would never come when we would beforced to let people see us so shortin our possessions of the coin of therealm.We recall, all of us, how old LewDcckstader, Geo. Primrose, Milt G.Barlow and countless other minstrelmen referred to the cheap restaurants as "beaneries," and we also recall, not more than fifteen or twentyyears ago, when our great objectionto enlisting in the army was the fact"that the rations consisted principally of beans.So, when our attention was calledat the breakfast table the othernorning to the fact that porterhousesteak and tenderloin are both gettingar little too high we promptly saw asolution to the problem. Beamsthat's the proper thing when everything else goes aviating eat beans,Jots of them, and kind, size, shape orcolor of beans.Strange, too, weJiadn't thought of"beans. But then there had been thatoli prejudice against them; old memories of the days when they werespurned by any man who made asmuch as $1.50 a day. So we promptly-visited a 'Paris grocer, "somewhereon4 Main street," nappy in thew thought that so simple a thing assolving the high cost of living hadfallen to the lot of an ordinary newspaper man.The grocer (name deleted for patriotic reasons) displayed some splendid spring styles of beans of themost approved patterns at 35 cents.ji uart. If we wanted a wholebushel he would make a sacrifice, andwould let us have them for $11-20 nbushel. And there were sacrificialtears in his eyes at the thought ofparting with them at that absurdlylow figure. Visions of beans at eightycents a bushel flitted past. Old dayswhen we felt sorry for folks whoscere forced to eat beans three times- a day were recalled. And here were7 beans at ?11.20 a bushel!- We bought a pint of beans.In the years to come we want thethree little children who were in the"grocery at the time to I'fimomher usas the man who once owned a bintof beans!$ 'Heal Americanism.It is easy to sit in Paris, or be- eah the shade of a tree out alongsome grassy spot in Bourbon countyaai cheer inwardly for the old flag.But have you ever stopped to think3iow strong the spirit of patriotismactually grows in the human breastand the sacrifices thousands of America men not only WOULD makebut ARE making ?We're not doubting for a momentIwt every man in Bourbon County--wHtld give up his seat at the desk.Ti' place In the store or his loungelMeath a shade tree to grab a guna4 answer to the "Fall In" call.Bmt we do believe some there are whofcavea't yet realized the full meaningof ptriotim, or to what lengthtbouaanaf are heiag led by it.Ptnr tkat,rioa am occasional x-ajnjie of yure patrtotumi is not amiesiffiggdpand-here is an execellent one. whenthe American steamer Vacuum wastorpedoed and sunk a short time ago-eurvivors of the gun crew were picked un by another armed merchantship. Among the number were FrankLasher, of Elgin, Ills., and George T.Wilson, of Missouri Valley, Iowa.Thev were washed from a life-boatand came near dying of exposure before they were rescued, for the second time. Ordinarily that experience would be sufficient to make onewant to remain on mother earth, oiat least fear of the deep.Not so with Lasher and Wilson. Afew days ago they landed safely intheir native land. And the firstthing that they did was to hurry toWashington and beg to be placed atonce on another ship sailing for thej-ame dangerous waters. We call Itpatriotism here in Paris. They call"a chance to avenge the deaths of theAmerican boys who went dowir withthe Vacuum." -NONE PAST THIRTY-ONEALLOWED TO REGISTER.Men who claim exemption fromarmy draft when they register nextTuesday will be required later to explain fully why they believe theyshould not be called, according to anannouncement made by Provost Marshal General Crowder recently.Public authorities will determinethe exemption of each individual onthe basis of the second and more ample explanation not on the brieflystated reason given the registrarTuesday.All men who are married or whobelong to classes which may be exempted will not necessarily be subject to exemption. Furthermore,every man between the ajres of 21and 30, inclusive, must register, regardless of his claim to exemptionunless he is a soldier, sailor or officeractually in Federal military or navalservice.Each man must state his fullname, age on last birthday, street address, date and year of birth, occupation and the kind of establishmentwhere he is employed, military experience, whether he is single or married at present; whether he has a father, mother, wife "or child, brotheror sister under 12 years of age dependent solely on him for support;'whether he is a State or Federalofficial; whether he is a native bornAmerican, or whether he or his father is naturalized or has taken outfirst papers.Men past 31 should not try to register, as they will be refused and willonly confuse the system.SUNDAY EXCURSIONS.The Louisville & Nashville willrun another of their popular-pricedexcursions to Cincinnati next Sunday, June 3, at $1.50 the round tripfrom Paris. The train will leave theTenth street passenger station inTaris at 8:20 a. m., and will leaveCincinnati returning at 7:05 p. m.The Cincinnati Reds and the Boston Braves will meet on the Redlandfield at the Cincinnati League Park,and the other attraction of the QueenCity will afford a day's entertainment for those who patronize the excursions. ATTENTION, CANDIDATES!The law requires each candidate tofile an expense account, etc., beforethe primary election, and also onealter the regular election.The "Thonias Election Form" hasbeen approved by the Attorney General. Hon. Henry Lawrence has hadthese "forms" printed in two sets andis furnishing them to all the counties.Mr. Lawrence has appointed theundersigned his agent in Bourboncounty, who will supply these formsto all candidates at $1.50 per sent.SWIBT CHAMP.On hearing the neighbor's boyplaying a mouth organ, one shouldfind consolation in the thought thathis father might have bought hima cornet or a drum.WANTED !Every Lady in'Bourbon CountyTo Visit OurtEVERY DAYVISITORS'DAY!WILMOTHGrocery Co.Phone 376,.. r jr. - r-BAKERYI-r j- . , 'kTOWNVftHlUaxNUi mm -mm rUnitedStatesTireswoskoWM nKmKSWWWW MX IVtfXMKNBBHPE)Vsm AM&zwmto-Amml Rmm- w&si viuuiirwpii0r r?WaWx , ttWi XlllliIfinillllHI INtfSQaP'irwm?A i wmm mmw iuimsIwlfl smin imM7M !Wm&wa imwmv. its mhElS?S4y SJw-1 JTth M isassasr, W3gm Tr.M -iins.tiS31V iifiUiinil I ill lll Jmr:SE ila LjM QW.'frrvw unjHM Jl ',-"O -rfPifflSI mtTil 1 X '. rm WYM famMf ' .A I 1 Iv- szmz ma iiwx&&? && ,'iStms . m wigVA ffntUSilST I ! 7&S7 rW1XW vzZ ' t&l -Tl33S p2J '? HhCVVjfy USJe 1 ll-i Invncvvz'S CSV! IllIP i 1 B rwmm&Lt r-m wmE e3fk YAv 1mimws eivr. vf. ; .United States Tires aretypes of United States TiresNEGRO PREACHER URGESNEGROES NOT TO REGISTER.J. H. Massey, colored, pastor ofthe colored Methodist church atWoodburn, near Bowling Green, isunder arrest on a serious charge preferred in the United StatesDistrict 'Court. The negro, it is alleged, wasurging negroes in his communitynot to register in the conscriptionregistration on June 5, and it is further alleged he openly advocated thatGermany was right and the United jStates wrong. The charge in thewarrant reads:"That the said Massey unlawfullyconspired with other persons to present-citizens of the United Statesfrom enlisting in the army of theUnited States, and did at the sametime and with the same purpose in,view, speak disrespectfully of this1government and the army and the?.ZS Qt the United States, and diddissuade others' eligible for militaryservice to military duty'The arrest followed a riuniberQfstrong affidavits made before UnitedStates Commissioner Renfrow.The arrest of Massie was probablythe first of its kind in the State.AN AMERICAN'S INVENTIONHAS MASTERED U-BOATS.The Westminster Gazette publishesa message from a correspondent, lwho says the submarine menace Isbeing mastered by a simple methodwhich, the correspondent indicates,is the invention of an American."It is giving away no secret," thecorrespondent writes, "to say thatthe method, which is reputed to be 'infallible, requires only a lfttte timeto come infff full effect and wear theGerman submarines out. It is amodel ot simplicity. The. press liasbeen.liber&f in Its announcement of.'Marconi's device; bu wnileetdml'-i3fctj""mmMl3 3.SUM1that there you can obtain tireservice,that merely selling you a tire isnot the end,tire service which will give youone hundred and one courtesies, little and big, which will keep downyour tire costs.Dealers displaying this sign' arethe best dealers;they carry a complete line ofUnited States Tires,the Nobby', the 'Chain', the'Royal Cord', the 'Usco the 'Plain',a tire for every need of priceand use.Deal with these Sales and Service Depotsdepend on their judgment and you willhave supreme tire service.UnitedArcA Tire for Every Need of Price and Use'Nobby 'Chain' 'Royal Cord' 'Usco' 'Plain9HNBlicarried by the following Sales and Service Depots who can tell you which of the fireexactly suit your needs : MILLERSBURG GARAGE, MILLERSBURG, KY.must not be overlooked that thegenius who prefected one of the mostmonumental advances in maritimenavigation has devoted his unremitting consideration to the menace,and this resourceful American, too,has worked toward the device alongindependent lines."Asserting that the British havebetter submarines than the Germans,the message continues:"Only a little time is needed forourpre-eminent inventive brains tooutstrip the pirate professors, and bya metnoa wnicn is simplicity liseit,we already have the life of the Uboat campaign measured."ROAD TO HAPPINESS,Be amiable, cheerful and good na-'tured and you are much mora likelyto be happy. You will find this difficult, if not impossible however, when'you are cohsfanlly IfOUblod with cottstination. Take Chamberlaln'rl Tdhlets and get rid of that and it will baieasy. These, tablets not only movethe bowels, but improve the appetiteahd strengthen thedigestion.(may-adv)SfeOiieDropcrCotirbvnIos3!tryRomecfyilnwn a crick's vftn-mefew di-ons In fhnCURESGAPESdriiiklnsr water c::rcs0 nil prevent s a huedlar? lioea.elioli'ia and other chickdiseases. One recent bottle makes12 gallons of medicine. At drng"zhls or by mall no.-1 paid, Valuable poultry boolc free on request.jn!'0""l p'Ncpy r,0.. IIafiiaa, Kj.PILES! PILES! PILES!WILLIAMS' INDIAN PILE OINTMENTWUl tmn Bltod, Bleeding and ftoklai !.ftrtMrlMtketuaors, allays IteUbrM mm,FWT MM V 11 drnite, auOt Ml 'm UM,muMm.cofr9fq9tMM4t mtmf aThe Sign ofPerfect Service Ii" Look at it remember it for whereveryou see it displayed bya tire dealer you willknowStates TiresGood TiresUnited States TUBES and TIRE ACCESSORIES HaveAll the Sterling Worth and Wear that MakeUnited States Tires SupremeBourbon Building &Loan AssociationFIRST NAT'L BANK BUILDINGIN REAR OF BANKEntrance on Fourth StreetSERVICEVS.COSTi ,VYnen you buv something tokeep, its yalue "to you must be Jmccisuieu 111 Lciiua ux sciviuenot cost.It may be-cheap at $100.00, orexpensive at 110.00.You buy ndt ihe article itself,but what it will dd fax you.Our glasses, by relieving eyestrain perform an "imp'oftantservice to the wearer, and areworth many times our reasonable charge.Careful eye examination without the use of drops.We Fit WhereOthers FailAny lens quickly duplicated.FRYE & FRANKLINdoctoiw or oPTomrrty :-1im 1 ! I4f JBaia, t-saYou Don't Have toStOOJDIf You Use aGarlandCabinetRangeA beautiful line of Garlandt on dtplay. Com in and look thtrrt' ovw.'Paris Gas &Electib.S3BBmMWllpnwaWBWWM4m oCTBr mmencourArenrent. rtm AMrtttMKUlkr- V TOBKR490RFER, Th DniMt'(laVn - j. Iclv --v"SL'J jA -'S."-., : t-v"" .r 1yRIDAY, JUNE 1, 1117.THE MURBOKNEW&PARIsf KT.r ,PAGKTHMV"-.'I I mot fccti.aeivc9U3.cTMAHAi IDiRcatONS. . ."SU3rtT!ttG81IWi!tfarltFrwtsottt. itbdMfvUJo;Summer Colds WeakenThey are even more dangerous than wintercolds, for they hang on so long that they become chronic catarrh. Heat and dust aggravate them, cause the infected surface tospread, and fill the body with systemic catarrh. Neglect costs health and eny.PERUNA EXPELS CATARRHIt does more ;it builds up the weakened system, regulates the diges-?nm mmnvag fVio lnflflmmntion. overcomes tlift TjnisnriR nf nafoir-Vi anil invigorates all over. Forty-four years of success proves its great value, ofwhich thousands gladly testify.Accept the verdict of two generations-yourself . Don't be swayed byprejudice, when your health is at stake. Take Peruna and get well.Liquid or tablet form, whichever is the more convenient:The Peruna Company, Columbui, OkioANNOUNCEMENTSWe are authorized" to announce thegqpd Democrats below as candldiatesMARSHALL TIPPED FORSECRETARY OF TAX BOARDSOCIAL AND PERSONAL.iComings and Goings of OurPeople Here, There andElsewhere.4. 1917. tothey aspirefill the offices to whichIt is understood that Collector Bengoou. jeuiuii-a ueiuw as canuiuiai.es T . ., . ,at the Democratic primary on August M-rshall, whose term of office has ex-li.u, v ii. cicuicu ac-i-utiy u tiiJnewly-created State Tax Board. Theoffice pays $2,000 annually.Senator Beckham has presented thename of Percy Haley to succeed Mr.Marshall, with the probability thatMr. Haley will be named by the President. Since Mr. Marshall is to bedropped for reasons personal to Senator Beckhatm, and his record as Collector has been a most excellent one,prominent Democrats have urged theTax Board to appoint him secretary.FOR STATE SENATORLEE WAINSCOTT,Clark County.GEORGE HON,Clark County.ABRAM RENICK,Clark County.FOR REPRESENTATIVE.C. M. THOMASFOR SHERIFF.WILD G. McCLINTOCK, 'YIvL Doc Marshall and Bob Gilkey asdeputies.D. A. SOPER,With D. E. Clarke and L. C. Ashcraftas deputies.FOR COUNTY JUDGE., 'GEORGE BATTERTONC. A. MCMILLAN.BLUE GRASS PARK OPENING.FOR COUNTY ATTORNEYDAVID D. CLINE.WM. GRANNAN.Mr. Thomas D. Murray, secretary ofthe Kentucky Traction & TerminalComany, makes the announcement tothe general public, and to the peopleof Paris and Bourbon county especially, that Blue Grass Park, on the Lexington and Versailles traction line,near Lexington, will be formally opened for the summer on June 2.Extensive improvements 'are beingmade in the Park, and by the opening day everything will be in readiness for the reception of callers.COUNTY SUPERINTENDENT OF jTllis is one of tne most Popular pleas-.....& . . tAnwf o tn "tsm fro 1 Tst 111 lift? nmlUl o l coui is xu. jcuuai ivcuiuv-nj , ujiuenjoys an extensive patronage.SCHOOLS.J. B. CAYWOOD.MISS MABEL ROBBINS,FOR JAILERGEO. W. JUDY.THOS. TAUL,JOHN H. DOTY,WALKER KISER,C. T. MASTERSON,W. O. BUTLER,JOHN W. KING,J. W. HART.MANAGER SCOTT RESIGNS.Mr. Charles Scott, for many year3manager of the Lexington OperaHouse and the Ben Ali Theatre, in thesame city, and one of the best-knowntheatrical men in the State, resignedthat position Saturday, and has beensucceeded by Mr. James A. Todd, ofLexineton. Mr. Scott stated that hisplans for the future were not yet matured ana ne couiu not say at pres-FOR ASSESSORWAT.TRTl P.LARK.f Paris, with Jno. J. Redmon, of North ent -what they would be.Miadietown, as aeputy. There is no better-known or oetter-GEO. Dr SPEAKES, lL,ked man In q theatrical business inof Parts, with i.ee it. graven, oi mum, . . ..fttjon of the countrv than Mr.Scott, who has for the long time hewas manager of these two houses andof the Paris Grand Opera House, enjoyed the esteem and high regard ofscores of theatre-goers who regret hisretirement.Rck at Deputy.FOR MAYORW. O. HINTONE. B. JANUARYFOR POLICE JUDGECLAUDE P. REDMON,J. W. BROWN,P. A. THOMPSON.HARRY L. MITCHELL.ERNEST MARTINTHE LIBERTY LOAN.FOR CHIEF OF POLICE.JAMES H. MORELAND.W. FRED LINKFor Rent."There is not a single selfish ele-fment in the cause we are fighting for.The supreme test of the Nation has come. We must all speak,act and serve together." WoodrowWilson, President of the Uinted States.They also serve their countryWho buy a Liberty Loan Bond.Nice ground floor room in residenceon Pleasant street, near Tenth, convenient to L. & N. station and postcffice. Only desirable roomer wanted.Gas, bath, etc. Call this office.MUSCLE SORENESS RELIEVEDMr. William Woolsley has returned from a visit to friends in Mt.Sterling.Miss Retta Dotson, of Paris, wasa guest this week of Dr. and Mrs. P.C. Hedges, in "Winchester.Mrs. Charles Benjamin and son,of Jefferson, Ohio, are guests of Mr.and Mrs. John B. Northcott.Messrs. Gus and John Christmanhave as guest Mr. and Mrs. PhilipChristman and children, of Harrodsburg. Mr. and Mrs. J. A. Bower andson, J. A. Bower, Jr., have returnedfrom a visit to friends and relativesIn Boyle county.Mrs. Frank Burton and cliildrenand Mrs. B. H. Mattox and daughter.Miss Ina Mattox, were guests in Cincinnati, Sunday, of Mr. and Mrs. C.J. Hartley, formerly of Paris.Mr. 0. P. Clay, of near Paris,continues to improve at the GoodSamaritan Hospital, in Lexington,Ahere he underwent a serious surgical operation some time ago.Prof, and Mrs. Robt. T. Hintonand son, Robert, have returned totheir home in Georgetown, after avisit to Mr. and Mrs. Oakford Hinton, and other relatives in Paris.Mrs. Lucy Givens Bartlett andlii other, Mr. Ewalt Bartlett, whohave been guests of Mrs. Geo. W.Ftuart, on Mt. Airy avenue, have returned to their homes in Stanford.Dr. C. W. Struby came over fromrieasureville, Monday, to-see if GusFee, Mike Murphy and Horace Collins had forgotten him. Dr. Strubyis pleasantly located in his new home,and likes it immensely.Mr. Jakie Margolen, of this city,has accepted a ppsition in the employof the A. L. Martin wholesale grocery, in Lexington, as shippingclerk, and has assumed the duties ofhis position.A successful operation for the removal of tonsils and adenoids wasperformed at the Massie MemorialHospital, Tuesday morning on EllaMae Brown, little daughter of Mr.and Mrs. Richard J. Brown, of Winchester street. The little girl is doitip" nioelv.Mr. Edward Fothergill, formerlyof Paris, who has been very ill ofasthma at his home in Cincinnati, isimproving. His father, Mr. CharlesW. Fothergill, went to Cincinnati,Sunday, to see him, and reports himas some better.. ,Mr. J. Q. Frakes, of Louisville, isa guest of his mother, Mrs. Carrie F.Stone, in this city. Mr. Frakes was amember of the Hospital Corps of theFirst Regiment, Kentucky NationalGuard, while on border duty, inTexas, but was honorably dischargedwhen the regiment returned home.Miss Nell Whaley, of Paris, willteach in the Kentucky University atLexington for several weeks duringthe coming term, as supply, in the abrot.nn.nf Prnf. TV. W. Delcamp, whov.oc hoon PTfinted leave of absence inorder to complete his studies in theUniversity of Chicago.Prof, and Mrs. -Jesse Hazelrigg,of Winchester, were host and hostessat their home in that city last Monday to Mrs. Hazelrigg's brother. Dr.Charles Garrard Daugherty, and hisfiancee, Miss Besse Holladay, both ofParis, at a dining. The guests present from this city were ur. uaugu-crty, Miss Besse Holladay, aiiss,Aiavme Holladay, Miss Loraine Butler, Miss Clara Belle O'Neill, missOllie Butler, Miss Anna. vxuB.j,Messrs. James Daugherty, ClarkWhite and Dr. James A. Orr.(Other Personals on Page 5)ADDITIONAL HONOR TORFORMER PARIS WOMANWOULDN'T TAKES100 FOR TANLACProminent Scott County ManMakes Strong Statement.BENEFIT HAS BEEN LASTING"I've lived in Scott county for fortyyears and in Georgetown for the lastnine and I have a lot of friends here.I tell every one I meet how much Tunlnc has helped me, and I feel that I amdoing them a favor in advising themto try it if they feel run down."This statement was made by E. C.Muddiman, a well known stonemason,324 Fountain avenue, Georgetown. Hecontinued:"I have had more or less trouble withmy stomach for eighteen years, anduntil I took Tanlac it seemed I couldn'teat anything without gas forming. Iwould bloat, and sometimes my stomach would ache. I couldn't sleep morethan half the night. I just felt tiredall the time. If I would stoop downand raise up quick I'd get dizzy."It's been about a year now since Ifelt that way, and so I know that thehelp I got from Tanlac since 1 firststarted taking it has been lasting. Ithelped me from the Very first bottle. Ihaven't been troubled with bloatingsince. I got so I could go to sleep andwouldn't know anything till morning.Just lately I have been troubled with alittle touch of gas, but I don't mindbecause I know that if I take Tanlacagain it will straighten me out."It's the positive truth that Iwouldn't take $100 for what Tanlac didfor me."-. vt-f "-BRINLEYLEVERLESSCULTIVATOR!Tanlac, the master - medicine andreconstructive tonic, is sold exclusively in PARIS . by Varden & Son.Other exclusive agents in nearbytowns are as follows:HUTCHISON, Snell & Wood; MILLERSBURG, W. G. Wadell; ELIZABETH, Oscar Smith; CARLISLETrueman"& Son; GEORGETOW. ., C.H. Arnold; WINCHESTER, Duty DrugCompany; AUSTERLITZ, B. S. Parrish. (adv.)ALL IN AGE LIMITMUST SURELY REGISTERLOSTSomewhere on the streets of Paris,)or between Seventh street and theParis Cemetery, a work basket containing an embroidered gown, silverjthimble, scissors and tatting bobbin."Finder leave at this office.TJnusal work, bending and liftingor strenuous exercise is a strain onthe muscles, they become sore andtiff, you are crippled and In pain.Sloan'a Liniment brings you quick relief, easy to apply, it penetrates without rubbing and drives out the soreaesi. A clear liquid, cleaner thanmussy plasters or ointments, it doesnot stain the skin or clog the jpores.Always have a bottle handy for thepains, aches of rheumatism, gout,lumbago, grippe, ..bruises, stiffness,backache and all external pain. Atyour druggist, 25c.(may-adv)LOST.Somewhere on Main street, or at theParis High School, a child's small goldand coral pin. Finder please returnto NEWS office.LOST.In the Paris Grand Opera House,or on the streets of Paris last Saturday night, an amethys eliptical shaped tie pin, in gold setting, highly prized as a keepsake. Finder leave at thisoffice.Wool Wanted.We are in the market for your woolGet your sacks at the IndependentTobacco Warehouse.(1-tf) CLARK & YOUNG.Reports of several Paris citizenswithin the age limits of the army conscription bill who have announcedthemselves as exempt from registration for various reasons, has broughtforth the following announcementfrom headquarters: '"Any man, married or single, whiteor black, ill or healthy, citizen or foreigner, with or without children, whohas passed his twenty-first birthdayand not reached the age of thirty-oneon Tuesday, June 5, and who fails toregister, will be arrested and eonfinedin the Federal prison for a period ofone year."How Tis DifferentAnybody can adjust.Anybody can operate.Does more even plowing. ?Does better work. " . -Does more work.Easiest on team.Easiest to handle.Fewest parts to wear and break. .No ratchets to wear or break. 'Less for operator to do.Gangs will balance any weight operator.No levers to operate. - fNo springs to weaken. tNo neck weightPerfectly balanced pole. "'- . 'Simplest in construction. ,Will last far longer., No masts, pivots or axles to bother.Just Compare It!Ball GangCor. Fourth and Pleasant St.iFOR SALEOne huadred whisky barrels, suitable foruiTnr for pickles, or for use in'Betting out tobacco plants. CallTHOS. AHEARN,(15) " Cum.- Phone 1017, Paris, Ky.Scrap Iron Wanted.I am paying fifty cents per hundredfor all kinds of scrap iron. Not lessthan 1,000 pounds. This .material canhe weighed at any city scales. This Uto he delivered to the cars on the Louisville & Nashville tracks, opposite thefreigh depot.Call us over the Cumberland 'phons37-J.MAX MUNICH,Eighth Street, Paris, Ky.(oct20-lyr)For RentNice 4-room flat with water, gas andelectric lights, over Cahal's BarberSbop. Most convenient location InParis. Apply to' (tf) CAHAL BROS.As commander of Morgan's MenAssociation, John A. Lewis, ofGeorgetown, has appointed as sponsor for the command, Mrs. R. G.Stoner, of Mt. Sterling, lately ofParis, who previously was appointedsponsor for the Kentucky7 "Division,U. C. V., by Maj. Gen. W. J. Stone.Regarding the appointment, Commander Lewis said:"With great gratification, I havenoticed the appointment, by Maj.Gen. W. J. Stone, of Mrs. R. G-.Stoner as sponsor for the KentuckyDivision, of the United States Confederate Veterans, to represent thisbody at the annual reunion whichtakes place at Washington", D. C, onJune 3, 1917. As Commander of.Morgan's Men Association, I desire toindorse on my own behall ana on uehalf of all Morgan's men this appointment, and further, in responseto the universal request of Morgan'smen, to appoint her as individualsponsor of this command to take partin the ceremonies of the United Confederate Veterans' Association."STOCK DEALS.Mr. R. N. Ratliff, of Winchester,agent for Mclntyre & Moffett, of MilIprsburg, bought 1,700 lambs fromCay wood, Kerns & Patterson for delivery July 1, July 31 and August 15,at fourteen cents.Mr. John Bettis, of Carlisle, purchased of Mr. Reynolds Letton, ofthis county, a fine brown combinedgelding for $175.BEST REMEDY FOR- WHOOPING COUGHj"T.nnt winter when mv little bov hadthe whooping cought I gave him Chatnberlain's Cough Remedy," writes Mrs.J. B. Roberts, East St Louis, 111. "itkent his couKhloofle and relieve himof those dreadful coughing spells. Itis the only cough medicine I keep inthe house because I have -the mostconfidence in it" This remedy isalso goodfor colds and croup.(may-aavjNOTICE!All persons are hereby notified thatit is a violation of the law to cdumpgarbage or refuse of any ckaracterwithin the city limits, except placesdesignated by the authorities. Jn thefuture no dumping of any kind will betolerated except at the- old SchwarUt. r,r- miit. niftA-h&s been leasedJIXX1C JkXIXX. M.. xt. ix, A ka Tiurrjofe and noi wit Ux jxlj av w" r ..,. i ti-a ....,t.n. mi..u ti,M iaAA wtrui UBXiix.uuuw .9CTWY1 WfHi. uuiiuuxtea. lam uuici yimvo ".""T- T3T--- Zn'm .nv.cam art all la good amdition and cam ie ustd ror tafSiZT'l Jhiri TirFor Sale.. BRINGS BACK GLAD TIDINGS. .Mr J. J. Veatch, District Managerof the Central Home Telephone andTelegraph. Company, Mr. W. H. Cannon, local manager and Mr. ThomasK. Smith, cashier, have returnedfrom Louisville, where they, attendedthe tenth annual convention of. theSouthern States Independent Telephone Association held at the Louisville Hotel last week.Mr. Veatch reports, among manyother good things in cpnnectiontith the convention his instructionsto authorize a .good substantial increase to all of vihe worthy: employesin the Eastern District wherejio increases had been made' since" the ilrstof the year, which 'together ' Withthose made since the first' ot'th'e "year,means an increase for; ali employes, atParis, Carlisle; Cynthiana," Maysville,Lawrenceburg, PrarikforfatidMOwenton, as these are the, offices operatingdirectlyiunder Mr. VeJtch's personalsupervision. ifTfifcTwaSiQiitte a surprise to a number oftlfo worthy employee, and, iielerto'iay appreciateda itfiwis exiresMd-lnr one employem m&RUBY GLOSSFumitureTolishVOQtP'S BESTDTJSTSV CLEANS,- POLISHESYourEurnJture,Piano, Woodwork.Automobile, Finished Floors, and ally&rnished Surfaces.Clear.t pure andfree, from any gum.WiH not 'gatherdust as. it elves ahard, dry. brightfrloss; a fcrlgfhterustre than wax andeasier to useFOR FLOORS USBHrimGecitfCXPolvsnmoi To'tfve en--tiresatisfac-110 or, nwneyItfreXiComingAttractionsPARIS GRAND AND ALAMOFRIDAYExtra Addtd AttractionC. E. BENNETTChltf Gunner's MattU. S. NAVYwill Itcturt and showmovinrpicturts off Armyand Navy work by U. S.Govtrntntnt.Frank Keenan - andMargery 5Vilson in "ThtBrldtoff Hatt,' Trianglecomedy, "Tht Plpo offDiscontent." Also Mrs.Vernon Castledn 'Patrla.'SATURDAY.Clara Kimball Young in"CAMILLE"World re-issue feature.At night at the Alamo will beshown Earle Williams in "The Hawk"from the celebrated play of the sametitle.MONDAY.The most astounding and daringproduction of all times, Thomas H.Ince's million dollar cinema"CIVILIZATION"Opera House afternoon and erenimg.Matinee 25 cents to all; eveaiag,lower floor 50, upperfloor JJ5 cemts.Louise Huff and Jack Pickfori in"Great Expectations," Famous jplayers film. Also two Paramount comedies at the Alamo afternoon andevening.Hours-Alamo, 2 to 5:30; Paris Grand,7 to 1 0:30, Admission 5 and lOc.Automobile Hearse or Ambulance!I desird to announce to our friends' that 1 can, wheredesired, furnish an automobile hearse or ambulance. Thimethod of transportation is especially desired on long trips,the same being made in better time, and at io advance" incost over the horse-drawn conveyance.GEO. W. DAVIS, Funeral D!reotr.'.A MAN ANDMmv.N?1 i . -Sj fldiitM-wiiiifK9IKs3rM'wari&m,i'wm -may both derive Nuifct$tftyy having their worn animMgarments' cleaned1 by hatfktcost is nominal, while tbtplMsure of wearing old .clothed that .hare the appearance of atw, iconjunction with the kiwStkdpethat you are effecting ajrrtatving, must surely satkfjfaa. .A phone bringsAUL '' -LEW,s " -THE DRY GLEANER4-WJ.T .JHINTQS 0. ,M not ngm lor ch. - er.ywuri. -. fc-2"xis. -136kwiiititi weHroulil&Te conYenUoMiTrIEt&ft&uri Phm. TTTft1kX' WvnTmUtf .. -. .J. flMtt, Wr jiiMi "-.- w.U ,tkettme."- ' "JV-vrf -"ft U"7nzis v-i?$cjr-Mew rtNMrnHM liiy,i .it.kr FODXTHE BOURBON NEWS, PARIS, KY.FRIDAY, JUNK 1, 1917.rfVfK"lRmI!h11SiThe Bourbon Newsestablished 188136 Years of ConUnions Publication.Bublished Every Tuesday and Friday.ec Year... $2.00 Six Months. ..$1.00Payable in Advance.WIFT CHAMP, Editor and Owner.(Eatered at the Paris, Kentucky,Postoffice as Mail Matter of theSecond Class.)VVvmHMJwK'XET'S SAVE THEBOYS, AND THE GEtLS.It has been the cry in every election' for the past ten years, "Let'sSave The Boys." It has been to voteout this or that all to "save theboys." Some of the arguments weregood and some were far fetched.Now, there is a question up beforethe people of Paris that really hassome merit to it. It's not only forthe boy's benefit, but for the girlsas well, and it will do more to savethe children than lots of otherthings. It's the School Bond Issue.A measly sum of $46,000 is askedby the School Board to improve thepresent school building of the city."It is an absolute necessity that theseimprovements be made or the SchoolBoard would not be asking for it.If you have no property it will notcost you a cent if the improvementis made; if you have property, it willcost you only 10 cents on the onehundred dollars of the assessed valueof what you have.Our school assessment now is waybelow our neighbors in all the adjoining counties. Even in the mountain counties they seem to be takingmore interest inthe public schoolsthan some of us down here in theBluegrass. Let's not let the peoplewho we have been preaching abouteducating in the remote counties inthe moutains outdo us in thisproposition of taking care of thechildren wrho want education.The faculty of the Public Schoolsiay we absolutely have to have relief and the School Board say it is anecessity. The Doctors and HealthBoard say the conditions are unsanitary. Are we, the people who -livein God's country, going to see ourhoys and girls suffer for tlje want oLa proper place to go to school. It isall right to help the, Red Cross, theHealth & Welfare League, the AntiTuberculosis Society, Good Roads Association, etc., but it is the first dutyof the citizens of Paris to help ourown children first. They are entitled to as much education as the Ilindman Settlement School and those tobe benefited by the Illiteracy campaign. Don't go to the polls on Saturday and vote to keep 131 whitechildren in a dark, dingy, badly ventilated, damp and unsanitary basement. Vote to sisue these bonds forthe small sum of $4 6,000, and relievethe conditions now existing in thepublic schools in one of the besttowns in the Bluegrass. If we haveanything left we can send that tothe Belgian children and THEBOURBON NEWS is for that, too. -DON'T FORGET.That the old reliable Bourbon Building Loan Association will open itsfourteenth series on Saturday, June 2.We are prepared to make loans onshort notice.WILL S. ARNSPARGER,(29-2t) Secretary.GIFT SELECTIONS.NEW CITY DIRECTORY TOBE ISSUED HERE SOON.A representative of the Hoffman Directory Company, of Quincy, Illinois,operting and publishing complete citydirectories of cities and towns in fiveStates, was in Paris, Saturday, makingpreliminary arrangements forN issuinga new and complete city directory ofParis.The work of canvassing names andlocations will begin in a short time,and will be carried forward until everyman, woman and child in the city ofParis will have been included. Thestreet number question will be, decidedupon before- the directory is issuedand the tproper street number ot residence of each person will be given.The directory will also have a complete list of residents on the ruraldelivery routes in the county, and willbe a complete work in every respect,issued by a firm that stands Al in thebusiness world.It has been ten years since a citydirectory of Paris was published, an!the business changes in that time havebeen numerous, making the old bookalmost worthless. The new book willnot be an advertising scheme, but afirst-class and reliable work in everysense of the word. Due notice willbe given as to when the work will begin.SWEET POTATO PLANTS.Make your gift selections from ourcomplete stock. Extra fine quality, with long roots.THE A. J. WINTERS CO. Fresh pulled as you call for them.BUSY BEE CASH STORE.FOR THE RED CROSS WORK.The sale of the Red Cross Seals inthe United States passed the milliondollar mark last year and at present more than 75 per cent, of thework of anti-tuberculosis organizations of the country are supported bythe proceeds. 'The money from suchsales will in a large measure be diverted now for Red Cross armynurses and other instrumentalitieswill have to be used to raise funds.The Kentucky Board of TubercuFources but is doing its best regard-1 losis Commissioners is handicappedto considerable degree by limited reless of it to educate the people to thefact that the disease can be preventedand a great many cases cured iftaken in time and the treatment,shown by experience and results,is fully followed. Write to Dr. W. L.. Hisizer, executive secretary at Frankjfoit, for fuller information, if interested.(22-4t)Fire, Wind and Lightning Insurance. SeeMcCLURE & DONALDSON.LIGHTNING HITS HOUSESTUNNING SIX.WASH FULLER DEAD.Wash Fuller, aged fifty-six, for. thirty years a well-known horsetrainer, in late years in the employof Mr. Joe K. Redmon, of Paris, andI Latonia, died at the home of his' daghter, Josie Fuller, in this city,Tuesday. He Is survived by his widow, three daughters and one son. The' funeral took place In the Paris colored Cemetery yesterday afternoon.The home of William Berryman,I near Trapp, in Clark county, wasstruck by lightning during the bigstorm Sunday night, and almost rej suited fatally to members of the fam-ily. Mr. and Mrs. Berryman and fourchildren were rendered unconsciousand one of the children, Joicy Berryman, 10 years old, for a time was ina serious condition.Mr. and Mrs. Berryman were the. first to recover. They carried thej unconscious children to the yard and'summoned a physician. For twohours the children did not regainconsciousness, and the little girl remained in an unconscious state until Monday morning. Her hair wasburned off and her clothing badlyburned. In three rooms of the homethe weatherboarding was strippedoff, the furniture and picturesdestroyed and all chinaware broken.BOURBON PHYSICIANSINCREASE FEES.iAt a meeting of the physicians ofParis and Bourbon County, the following resolutions were adopted by aunanimous vote:Resolved, That owing to thegreatly increased cost of medicinetnd surgical supplies as well as personal expense, andWhereas, The fees charged forprofessional visits by the physiciansof Paris are below the standard ofsimilar fees charged by physicians inother cities, and we believe that thepersonnel and efficiency of our profession in Paris equals that in anyother city;Therefore, Be it resolved:1. That the standard fee chargedfor day visits in the city of Parisshall be $2.00, and the fee for nightvisits shall be $3.00.2. That when these resolutions aresigned by all of the physicians ofParis this standard of fees shall become effective June 1, 1917.MILTON J. STERN,J. T. VANSANT,J. A. GILKEY,D. B. ANDERSON,WM. KENNEY,A. H. KELLER,J. T. BROWN,J. W. WILLIAMS,W. C. USSERY,C. G. DAUGHERTY,J. S. WALLINGFORD,JAMES A. ORR,FRANK M. FARIES,S. EVANS.5B-4 TIREInsure wit toW.O.HINTON &SON,AgtsDR. KELLER ADDRESSESP. H. S. STUDENTS.Fire, wind and lightninginsurance.Thomas,Woodford &BryanThe student body of the Paris Public School gathered in the Auditorium of the High School buildingWednesday morning to hear an address by Dr. A. H. Keller, Secretaryof the City Board of Health, on thesubject of sanitation and hygiene:The members of the Board of Education and the dity Board of Healthwere also present.Dr. Keller spoke at length on theimportance of providing better quaiters for the school children, whomnecessity compelled to be housed inthe dark unsanitary basement of thebuilding. He told the pupils thedangers and disadvantages resultingfrom such a state of affaairs, and explained fully the importance of freshair, sunlight and comfortable quarters, as being helpful to their growing, young bodies and intellects. Heurged them to enlist in the campaignfor the school bond issue and saidthey could make as good an argument for the cause as others, by reason of their knowledge of the actualconditions there.Dr. Keller's address was listened toby his young auditors with the closest attention and he was given a voteHHH 1 1 IIHHMMfKHIIlIHIl 1 1 1 1 1 1 HgEnlist Your Dollars inThe War!In this time of our country's need an idle dollar tis as much a "slacker" as an idle man. Are your 1dollars doing their duty?"The Liberty Loan of 1917" invites the imme-diate response of the American people. Every tdollar subscribed will help make it a succesr. The tquicker the better. tArmies of dollars are an absolute necessity for tnational defense. Unless our dollars at home stand thark nf them the soldiers in the field rannnl- Ar 4their utmost to protect our households and ourfreedom.We will count it a privilegeto enter your subscriptionFarmers & Traders Bank.First National Bank,Peoples Deposit Bank & TrustCo.Bourbon-Agricultural Bank &Trust Co.of Paris, Ky.Farmers Bank, ClintonvIIle,North Middletown Deposit Bank, 4Exchange Bank, Millersburg, JFarmers Bank, Millersburg.41 j, 1 1 ! ! .fi 4. .p i..i. .lll. . ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! .j. ! ! ! ! .J..X. 1 1 , n j. 7,,of thanks for his interest in theirwelfare.After the close of the address, andas the young people were filing outof the auditorium, one little girl saidto a companion: "I wish Dr. Kellercould be here some time to see themice that run across our feet and thespiders that hang down over ouvheads, sometimes!"Are these children to be kept inthis kind of a place indefinitely? Itwas rumored yesterday that the CityBoard of Health would prohibit further use of the basement rooms asteaching quarters on acount of thepresent state of affairs. What willthe pupils do then? Where can theybe housed until the close of theschool term?VOTE FOR THE SCHOOL BONDISSUE!WILL MOVE TO PARIS.Mr. Keltey Haddix and family, ofMt. Sterling, will shortly move toI Paris to reside. Mr. Haddix is connected with Metropolitan Life Insurance Company. He is an excellentbusiness man, and Paris will gladlywelcome him as an addition to theI already able and efficient local force6f the Metropolitan.WANTS AHMY BERTHFOR NEPHEW.Mr. J. Quincy Ward, of Frankfort.Executive Agent for the KentuckyGame and Fish Commission, is inWashington, where he has been forthe past few days on official businessconnected with his department.While in the Capitol, Mr. Ward willsee the President and other officialswith reference to securing an appointmentin the Officers' ReserveCorps of the army for his nephew,Mr. James Miller Ward, Jr., son ofMr. and Mrs. J. Miller Ward,4of nearParis.THE NEW ICEBERG.Get the New Iceberg Refrigerator.It will save ice for you.(It) A. F. WHEELER & CO.BOURBON COUNCILMEMORIAL SERVICE.The members of Bourbon Council,.Junior Order United American Mechanics will go to Lexington on Sunday, June 10, to participate in thememorial seryices of the order. OnSunday, June 17, Bourbon Councilwill hold memorial services in theParis Cemetery, with several visitingCouncils taking part.jGREATEST PROFIT SHARING SALEIN THE HISTORY OF PARISBeginning Saturday, May 26, and Continuing Until June 9thWe Will Offer New Spring and Summer Merchandise AtThe Most Drastic PRICE REDUCTIONS of the Season!A portion of the many items is here before you Don't fail to attend this sale for your share of the bargains.Coats$12.50 Coats at :..$ 7.98$15.00 Coats at $11.00$20.00 Coats at $14.75$22.50 Coats at $17.50$30.00 Coats at $22.50$35.00 Coats at $24.50Skirts$ 7.50 Skirts at ;$ 4.98$10.00 Skirts at $ 7.98$12.50 Skirts at $ 9.98$15.00 Skirts at $12.50Silk Petticoats$3.00 Silk Petticoats at $29$5.00 Silk Petticoats at . $3.9tHosiery . ', Ladies' 2j5c Hose at. . . . . .Tj .vl'tc'prLadies' 35c Hose at ,. '.2f c prLadies' 65 and 75c SttVHose &f 59c prLadies' $1.25 Silk Hose at $1.10 prLadles $1.50 Silk Hose at.... $1.29 prMines 25c Hose at 19c prMisses 35c Hose at 29c'prRibbonsOne lot of fancy Ribbons, 35cand 40c grade, at 25c ydUnderwearazareth and and Warner'sPerfection Body Waists forBoys' and Girls' stee 2 to 14years, regular 35 c values.. 29c eachPearl Union Suits for Children,Regular 65c values 48c eachLadles' Vests and Pants, Regular 35c values 29c eachGingham Aprons andHouse Dresses75c Bungalow Aprons at 59cPercale Bungalow Aprons at 45c35c Lancaster Ginghani Aprons at. 29c$1.25 House Dresses at 98c$1.50 House Dresses at $1.1975c Dressing Sacques at 59cChildren's Coats atOne-Half . Price, y$4.00 Coats at ...:T-. $2.00$5.00 Coats at $2.50$7.50 Coats at $3.75Millinery$5.00 and $6.00 Hats at $3.95$7.50 Hate at $4.5$10.00 Hate at $7.t$15.00 Hats at $1.98Muslin Underwear$1.50 Combination Suits at $1.19$1.75 Combination Suits at $1.48$1.98 Combination Suits at $1.69$2.98 Combination Suits at $2.48$1.50 Princess Slips at $1.19$2.00 Princess Slips at $1.48$2.50 Princess Slips at $1.9875c Gowns at 59$1.00 Gowns at ." 79$1.50 Gowns at $1.19$2.00 Gowns at $1.59$2.50 Gowns at $2.1935c Corset Cover at 2950c Corset Cover at 4375c Corset Cover at 59$1.00- Corset Cover at 79$1.50 Camisoles at $1.19$2.00 Camisoles at $1.5975c Skirts at 5$1.50 Skirts at $1.25-$2.50 Skirts -at u $2.19: Wash Goods andCrashes20c Crashes at 17Jc yd15c Crashes at 12Jc dy18c Dress Ginghams at.... .15J4c yd15c Dress Ginghams, at. ,....130 yd20o Percales at...., 18c yd18c Percales at WZc yd12o Lawns at 11p yd10c Lawns at 8 1-3c ydSuits$15.00 Suits at $9.98$20.00Suits at $12.50$25.00 Suits at $14.98$30.00 Suits at $22.50$35.00 Suits at $24.50$40.00 Suits at $27.50$47.50 Suits at $32.50Sheets & Long Cloth65c Sheets at 59c90c Sheets at 79c$1.25 Sheets at $1.10$1.35 Sheets at $1.19$1.50 Longcloth, 10-yds to Boltat $1.25 bolt$2.00 Longcoth, ia-ydr lo Boltat . $1.9 boltChildren's Dresses(Sizes 2 to 6 Years) " "65c Dresses at 50c$1.00 Dresses at 79c$1.25 Dresses at 98c(Sizes 6 to 14 Years)$1.00 Dresses at 79c$1.50 Dresses at $1.10$2.00 Dresses at $1.59$2.50 Dresses at $1.98$3.00 Dresses at . $2.48Dresses$12.50 Dresses at $ 7.98$15.00 Dresses at $11.00$20.00 Dresses at $14.75$25.00 (Dresses at $17.75$30.00 Dresses at $22.50$35.00 Dresses at $24.75$40.00 Dresses at ... $27.50Waists$1.50 Wash Waists at $..98$2.00 Wash Waists at $1.69$2.50 Wash and Silk Waists at... $2.19$3.00 Wash and Silk Waists at... $2.69$5.00 Silk Waists at - $4.48$6.00 Silk Waists at $5.25$7.50 Silk Waists at $.9Embroideries andEdgings10c values at ..-. tc yd12c values at 10c yd15c values at ,.., 12Jc yd25c values at 21c ydBed Spreads$1.50 Bed, Spreads at $1.29$2.00 Bed Spreads at .... $1.S9$3.00 Bed Spreads at $2.48$3.50 Bed Spreads at $2.9SIMONOne Price To AllOne Price to AllAll 6n MarfcMl in PWnFlgllfMAIIOtfsMarktfin.1FiguresifHARRYf21 - -- -'fee' K - ' "'v"" -'?-h 'N'-pr.farFRIDAY, JUNE i, 1917.rTHE BOURBON NEWS, PARIS, K.PAGE FIT!5tJi,FOR THE BESTNOTHING ELSEFERTILIZERS.Swift's Tobacco Fertilizers.It pays big to use them.CHAS. S. BRENT & BRO.(niay25-tf)"YOUR GIFT SHOP."The A. J. Winters Co.BROKEN ARM."While cranking an automobile afthe Paris Garage, Monday afternon,where he is employed, John Edwards,had his arm broken, when the crankdipped off, striking him on the arm.He was removed to his home and thebroken bone set.THE STORE FOR BOYS.Clever, snappy suits that will wear$5 to $12.50. Boys' shirts andblouses, underwear and hats.J. W. DAVIS & CO.PRESH BERRIES TO-DAY.Fine lot of fresh Tennessee strawberries leceived this morning directfrom the patch.(It) C. P. COOK & CO.CONFEDERATE DECORATIONDAT NEXT SU1TO AY.Richard Hawes Chapter Daughtersof Confederacy of Paris, will conductthe exercises at the Paris Cemeterynext Sunday, June 3, ConfederateDecoration Day, at three o'clock. Aprogram of songs and appropriate serices will be supplemented by an address by Dr. C. C. Fisher, Presidentof Millersburg College.BUYS BOTTLING WORKS.The entire equippment, togetherwith the good will, etc., of theSinalco Sanitary Bottling Co., of Lexington, has been purchased from theassignee Mr. Edwin N. Casey, for$1,200, by Mr. W. A. Beheler, formerly of Paris, who, with his family,moved to Lexington some months agoto locate permanently. Mr. Behelerwill add the equipment to the plantwhich he is now operating, and willcontinue the manufacture of theSinalco brand.BEAUTIFUL NEW GOODS.Just received beautiful new goods inSterling Silver most suitable forchoice wedding gifts.15-tf) SHIRE & FITHIAN.PORCH SWINGS.e Get you porch swings and rugsnow. A big stock to select from.(It) A. F. WHEELER & CO.BOY SCOUTS COMPAIGNFOR LIBERTY BONDS.The Paris Camp of Boy Scouts hasbeen enlisted in a campaign forfor the sale of Liberty Bonds. Eachmember has been provided withblanks upon which intending inyestors may indicate the amount theywish to invest. These will be turnedin to the banks for reference and disposal. The campaign will be inauguratedin Paris this week, the Scouts making a personal canvass for contributions to the sale of Liberty Bonds.Anyone desiring to invest should seethe Scouts.NEAR-ACCIDENT AVERTED.The timely intervention of bystanders prevented what might havebeen a serious accident on Mainstreet, Wednesday in front of thegrocery of Lusk & Shea.The horse attached to a buggy Inwhich Mr. and Mrs. Chas. Johnsonand little babe were riding, slippedand fell on the smooth surface, andin his struggles to arise, overturnedthe buggy. The occupants werethrown out, but not injured. Patrolman George Judy and several otherwho happende to be standing nearbyat the time came up and rescued Mr.and -Mrs. Johnson, and succeeded inquieting the horse before any seriousdamage was done.SUITABLE GIFTS.Gifts suitable for graduation atTHE A. Zt WINTERS CO.JMPORTAHr.MEETING" .- BUSINESS JCENS' CLUBThe business men of Paris whopftmnose that element of the membership of the Business Men's Club, and-ho were unable to be present at themeeting held at the court house lastSaturday afternoon, will assemble atthe court house to-morrow afternoonat 2:30 o'clock for an importantmeeting.They will be called upon to takeaction similar to the one taken atthe meeting of the farmers of thecounty Saturday,' to formulate plansfor providing means for securing aLabor Bureau for the business men toact ia c-ojratkm with the farmers.They will-be provI4 with books for-?curic mew Barnes -for membership,&d to trt ajlWKttQ mm!immediately for that Ftirpose. .SOCIAL AND PERSONAL.Comings and Goings of OurPeople Here, There andElsewhere.Miss Elizabeth Steele is a guestof friends in Cincinnati this week.Air. and Mrs. Charles Posner Ihave returned from a visit to friendsand relatives in Cincinnati.Mrs. Lerosa Sauer, who has been-very ill at her home on Seventh Istreet, is greatly improved. jMr. and Mrs. Woodford Spearsare at West Baden Springs, West Ba-'Miss r.n'mivn PncoK Vooturned from Lexington, where shehas been a guest of Mrs. Wm. Goodin. Mr. and Mrs. John R. Thompson, of Covington, are guests of Mr.and Mrs. P. A. Thompson on Stoneravenue.Rev. Dr. W. A. Ganfield, president of Centre College, at Danville,jyas a guest of friends in this cityTuesday.Mrs. Douglas Graham has returned to her home in Pembroke, Ky.,after a visit to Mr. and Mrs. P. A.Thompson.Misses Nell Whaley and MattieWhaley returned Wednesday fromMidway, where they have been attending school.Misses Mary Margaret Brannon,of Lexington, and May Layson, ofMaysville, are guests of Mr. and Mrs.John J. McCarthy.Master Prentice Burton, son ofMr. and Mrs. Frank Burton, of Paris,i a guest of his uncle, Prof. PrenticeLancaster, at Harrison, Ohio.Master Frank Keith, of Maysville, son of Capt. Keith, of the L& N., and Mrs. Keith, spent the dayTuesday with Master William Lytl.Mrs. Percy Reed was a guest ofher mother, Mrs. Mary A. Paton,Tuesday and Wednesday, returningyesterday to her home in Richmond.Mrs. Newton Taylor and Mrs.Julian Frank, of near Paris, visitedMrs. Tevis Wilkerson and Mrs. Lawrence Butler, in Lexington, Tuesday.Mrs. Felix Ashbrook, of Lexington, is a guest of her daughter, Mrs.Thos. W. Allen, and Mr. Allen, attheir home on Duncan avenue, inthis city.Mrs. Ernest Hosier, of Lexington, was a guest yesterday of hermother, Mrs. Carrie F. Stone and herher sister, Mrs. S. Kennie Nichols, onHigh street.Mrs. Harry Collins, who has beena patient in the Massie Hospital for several weeks, following anoperation for appendicitis, has returned to her home.Messrs. E. M. Dickson and Arthur B. Hancock, of Paris, attendedthe meeting of the Kentucky branchof the National Council of Defense,in Lexington, yesterday.Messrs. Oscar T. Hinton, Thos.W. Allen, S. E. McClanahan and D.W. Peed, Jr., attended the automobile and motorcycle races at the Cincinnati Speedway, Wednesday.Mr. and Mrs. Frank Yearsleyand babe have returned to their homenear Paris, from a visit to the former's parents, Mr. and Mrs. JohnYearsley, at Chestnut Hill," nearCynthiana.Mrs. J. H. Croxton and Miss LilaCroxton, of Winchester, are at thebedside of Mrs. W. T. Buckner, ofParis, who is ill at the Massie Memorial Hospital. Mrs. Buckner is a sister of Mrs. Croxton.Miss Caroline Berry, a memberof the faculty of the Kentucky College for Women, at Danville, has arrived to spend her summer vacationwith her sister, Mrs. Frank P. Lowry,on Stoner Avenue.Mrs. Jos. H. Ewalt, who is a patient at the Massie Memorial Hospital, is somewhat improved. Mrs.Cleveland, who is also at the institution, is improving and will be able toreturn to her home in a few days.Mr. and Mrs. R. 0. Crutcher, ofLexington, had as their guests for amotor trip and visit t6 friends inParis, Tuesday, Miss Louise Wilson,Miss Katherine Billingsley and Mrs.Bayrd Maupin, all of Lexington.tfr. and Mrs. Dan Lloyd and twodaughters, Misses Judith and Alice,of Mason county, and Mr. RiceWorthington, of Jacksonville, Fla.,were guests this week of friends andrelatives in Paris and Millefsburg.Mrs. W. D. Griffith, formerlyMiss Agnes Walsh, of Mt. Sterling,who has been very ill at her home inCrawfordsville, Indiana, for sometime, is reported as Being considerably improved. Mrs. Griffith is asister of Mr. Robert P. Walsh, ofParis, and a most excellent woman.Mr. P. A. Thompson has returned from South Carolina, where he attended the meeting of the BaptistGeneral Assembly. Rev. O. R. Mangum, pastor of the Paris Baptistchurch, who accompanied Mr.Thompson, is conducting an evangelistic meeting in Richmond, Virginia.He will return to Paris to-morrow.The pupils of Miss ElizabethCrutcher gave, a delightful pianoforte recital Tuesdav pvening at thehome of Mrs. Georgia TVebb. The following took part-in the program:'Favola Dundon, Louise Connell, FernStone, Elizabeth Clay, JosephineFithian. Louise Fisher, MarjorieTrisler. Rachel McClintock, Master1 John VanMeter Woodford. Refreshments were served after the conclusion of the program. 'One of the most delightfulevents of the week was the partygiven by Mrs. Samuel H. Halley, ofLexington, for the Lexington MotorClub, in honor of her guest, Mrs. Jas.Clark, of Paris. This was the firsttrip enjoyed by the Club this season.The day was delightfully spent onthe Dix River, luncheon was cookedon the river bank and the afternoonwas devoted to knitting for the RedCross work. Those who enjoyed theday were the guest of honor, Mrs.Jameneiark. of Paris: ,Mrs. John H.Flovd. Mrs. CBarles H. Berryman.JMrs. William V. Judson, Mrs. Edward L. Hutchison -and Miss IsabelClayr --..'--; " -"(Other Personals o Page 3.)BOURBON BOYS'REGISTRATION CARDSThe first former Parisian to sendin a registration card under theterms of the recently-enacted conscription or army drafting law, wasMr. Sherman Snapp, who is now located in San Francisco. California,where he is in charge of a crew ofsalesmen and demonstrators for theRoyal Baking Powder Company.Mr. Snapp's card was receivedMonday by Sheriff Wm. F. Talbott.Shortly after cards were receivedfiom Thomas B. Link and RobertLink, Jr., bothformerly of Paris,who are now in business in KansasCity, Mo. Although all three boyshaye been away from Paris severalyears, they still claim it as a legalhome. The letters accompanying) their cards signified a willingness toI serve Uncle Sam in any capacity."HOUSE OF QUALITY."The "House of Quality" is the placeto buy nifty, up-to-date jewelry.lo-tf) SHIRE & FITHIAN.HERO MEDAL ON DISPLAY.The handsome bronze medal awarded to Alex. T. Rjce, Jr., of Paris, foran act of bravery by the CarnegieHero Commission, has been receivedand is now on display in the showwindow of the A. J., Winters Co.The medal bears on its face asplendid bas-relief of Andrew Carnegie, founder of the fund. On the reerse side is a beautifully engravedbas-relief, with a panel enclosing themotto in raised letters, "To Alexander T. Rice, Jr., who saved James H.Smith from drowning, Sept. 16, 1915,Paris, Ky." Around the border ofthe medal, which is three inches indiameter, are the words, "GreaterLove Hath No Man Than This ThatHe Lay Down His Life For a Friend."The medal is a beautiful and artistic speciment of work and is atti acting a great deal of attention.PARIS VISITOR HURTIN RAILROAD WRECK.A few hours after she had leftParis enroute to visit friends in Versailles, Mrs. Elizabeth Crosby, of Covington, was injured in a railroadwreck on the Louisville & Nashville,near Eminence, Tuesday.Mrs. Crosby had been a guest ofMr. N. Ford Brent and family attheir home on Pleasant street, forseveral days, and was en route toVersailles for a visit to Mr. and Mrs.Edward Wallace and other friends,when the train she was on waswrecked, two cars overturning.Mrs. Crosby sustained painful, butnot serious Injuries. Her back waswrenched and her side bruised. Shewas taken to Eminence, where shereceived medical treatment, and laterremoved to a Louisville hospital. Atlatest reports she was doing verynicely.SHROPSHIRE BUYSTWO GOOD ONES.Mr. Robert Shropshire, the Parishorseman, acquired two good oneswhen he purchased recently from aVirginia horseman two thoroughbredbroods mares for a private price.The maies were Maid of the Mist byImp. Star Shoot and Esther Blues byBlues. Both mares will be bred toVulcain, a son of the ?150,000 stallion, Rock Sand.CLUB OFFICERS ELECTEDA called meeting of the City Federation of Clubs was held at the restroom "of the First National Bank,Wednesday afternon, when the following officers were elected to servoduring the ensuing year:President, Mrs. Fanniebelle Sutherland; first vice-president, Mrs. C.O. Hinton; second vice-president,Mrs. J. T. Vansant; correspondingsecretary, Mrs. Louis Rogers; recording secretary, Mrs. Robert Nutter;treasurer, Mrs. C. S. Goldstein.EDUCATIONAL BOARDSTO MEET TO-MORROW.The Division Boards of the six educational divisions of Bourbon county will meet to-morrow, Saturday,June 2 to select teachers for the respective schools, as follows:Division No. 1 10:00 a. m. D. C.Lisle, Alison Barlow, A. P. Adair, J.M. Leach, Grant Galloway; DivisionNo 2 1:00 p. m. Thos. Padgett,W. B. Kiser, Henry Ingels, R. R. Lail,W. E. Cook; Division No. 3 11:00 a.m. t. W. Current, J. Arch Bailey,H W. Purdy, W. A. Butler, LettonVimont; Division No. 4 1:30 p. m.James Caldwell, Reynolds Letton,Aylette Buckner, F. F. Burr is; Division No. 58:00 p. m. G. L. Rice,Benj. Woodford, James A. Liter, W.R. Tuttle; Division No. 6 3:30 p. m.R. L. Stipp, J. F. Ingels, F. P. White.-,1FERGUSON FARM SOLD.- tMr. W. D. Mclntyre, of Millersburg,has purchased of Dr. F.-L. Lapsley, ofParis the Ferguson farm of four hundred acres, located on the Hume toBedford 'pike, near Paris, for a sumsaid to approximate $70,000. Thefarm is highly improved, and is oneof the' most desirable in the county.Dr. Lapsley bought the farm someyears ago 'from Mr. James Ferguson,who has since moved to Lexington to"reside.. 1AUCTION SALE OF. FURNITUREHONDAYSecond-hand furniture at auctionMpnday (Court .Day), at 2 p. m.Some' rare bargain's. 'BUYERS A:' SILLBRg BXCtf ANGJ3,1i " x In A TXmmA-afv .THE LIBERTY BONDS.Between $150,000 and ?200,000 ofthe $350,000 allottmentof LibertyBonds made for Bourbon county havealready been disposed of, indicatingthat the entire, issue will soon besold.The allotments of the bonds havebeen taken by the Paris banks, aswell as the banks in the county.These bonds are excellent investments, bearing 3 interest; goodrevenue producers; free from taxation; good collateral for their facevalue in any financial institution,and can be secured in any denomination from $50 up.Buy a Liberty Bond and help tlwGovernment in its crisis!MEMORIAL DAY.There was no public observance ofmemorial Day in Paris, Wednesday.The banks and postofilce were closed,but there were no exercises of a public character. In years past the colored G. A. R. Post observed the daywith a parade and decorating thegraves of their comrades, but nowthe number of the living has dwindled to a handful.Many citizens decorated the gavesof their dead in the Paris Cemetery,while appropriate services were heldin some of the schools. While theplacing of flowers on the graves ofthe dead is an outward manifestationof love and remembrance, we allknow that in our hearts every day i.a Memorial Day for those who havegone the long journey.GRADUATION TIME NEAR.Graduation time is growing near. Bosure and see our wonderful line 61goods suitable for graduation gifts atreasonable prices.15-tf) SHIRE & FITHIAN.CHIEF LINK CANDIDATEFOR RE-ELECTIONIn its last issue THE NEWS carried the announcement of Mr. W.Fred Link, present incumbent, as acandidate for the nomination and f rre-election to the office of Chief ofPolice of Paris.Mr. Link has been a member of theParis Police force for several yearsduring which time he distinguishedhimself as a successful police officer,one who at all times had the propergrasp of his duties, and as he himselfstated in his card, published in thesame issue, was "always on the job."v Mr. Link asks for an endorsementon the strength of his official record,which is an enviable one. On thetheory that a good public official deServes an endorsement for a seconlterm he comes before the voters ofParis and asks for their support forme omce wun x,ue iun consciousnessof duty well and faithfully done.rRAINK & COMPANYVs --.(v& $pw.Kcg0$roy-; aT--SS"s--j!j ' : ' TT ; " IC. W. B. M. MEETINGAT. N. M. TOWN.There was a good attendance atthe meeting of he Sixth DistrictConvention of the Christian Womans Board of Missions, which washeld in the Christian church atNorth Mlddletown, Monday morningat nine o'clock.Despite the threatening weather,and the bad condition of the roadsover which many of the delegateshad to travel, they came anyhow innumbers and helped make the meeting a most memorable one. Theweather conditions, however, materially interfered with -the plans ofmany who would otherwise havebeen in attendance.Mrs. R. H. Biddle, Jr., of Paris,presided over the sessions of the Con-rrfcr Ham TVTr T n?trk T nn f nwvI bell, of Lexington, State C. W. B. M.1 Secretary, was one of the guests anddelegates present.J Reports were made from Auxil-.iaries, Circles and Mission Bandsfrom different points in the district,all showing gratifying progress and jlenewed interest in all branches ofimissionary work. A demonstration 'of children's work was given under;. the direction and supervision ofMiss Willie Boardman, of Carlisle.Mrs. Allie Smith Dickson, of North jMiddletown, previous tot he noon in-jtermission, welcomed the delegates;f.nd guests in a charming address.On account of the funeral and burial of Eld. L. H. Reynolds, the vener-ble minister, who had so long beenpastor of the North Middletown Ichurch, the afternoon session wassiionenea, una uie uuuress 01 uuancellor Homer Carpenter, of Transylvania College, was postponed untilthe evening meeting.The following delegates and visitors from Paris attended the meeting':Mrs. J. D. Booth, Mrs. R. B. Hutchcraft, Mrs. Clifton Arnsparger, Mrs.Bettie Brown, Mrs. Lizzie Walker,Mrs. S. E. McClanahan, Mrs. OllieMarshall, Mrs. Harry B. Mathers,Mrs. Charles May, Miss Mary May,Mrs. Thos. Allen, Mrs. Frank P.Kiser, Mrs. Luther Rice, Miss Elizabeth Jasper, Miss Susie Ashbrook,Rev. W. E. Ellis, Mr. Wm. O. Hintonand Mr. A. L. Boatright.Notice to Contractors.Sealed proposals for building ofAnnex to Massie Memorial Hospitalwill be received at my office up totwo o'clock p. m., June 8. Plans andspecifications may be seen at store ofJ. W. Davis & Co.(It) F.P . WALKER, Sect.FOR SALEpQR SALE DIS.1 Seventy-five barrels ofCall Home Phone 370.old corn.THE RELIABLE STORESpecial PricesONSUITS, COATSAND DRESSESNever, so early in the season, havewe made such attractive prices, orhad such a complete stock to selectfrom. Come in and take a look.1 . '01 -rTnSwTr a t,, t m. --r.-W' m m zm a. sf-. jet isf-W. -9 iMy - V vvi. - v - " is 0&howi& Fewest -StylesWash SkirtsWash Dressesand House Dresses"Bike" For Sale.Good bicycle, like new. Will sUcheap for cash. Phone 9. (l-3t)Aj-'tFor Rent.Brick cottage on High street. H&3five rooms; bath; electric lights andother modern conveniences. Possess-ion July 1. Apply at(1-lt) THE FAIR STORE.Auto For Sale.Five-passenger touringcar in Allisrhts anilcondition. Has electric' electric starter. Tires good as new,A hnrorain fny niilol- cola fTT f!lW1 i nhnnt Uo r,ridv nd Sim.Cl-tf)'M"MM""""et aand a dozenVictor Recordson our easy payment plan andyou'll be able todance wheneveryou wish andto the best music in the world."1$15 to $400,Daugherty1 Bros.-4fmiJnx-I Dance-lovers llllVictrola ' vfl MWIIs mruM.-rv":-rr-::"kH- ""'v"ASy-&:--1Itiih-VIcsf : -'Jit5r..Jyk.to- .- ."1.THE BOUIOBON S EWS; PAMS KY,-,---JTKDDA.Y, JIJH i, ifhiTiiiiiiaiiMiaiifflriMF iiflafflii HIH I illlHHI) iiiifnrnybiHiiiiiLi'Liiiijl p Multiply it by four i InYcu save a visible keep-it-in-your-pocket sumwhen you buy one Diamond Tire.Your tire dealer vilj assure you that you cansave four times as much by using Diamonds on allfour wheels.He knows the saving and the service. That'swhy he recommends Diamonds.That's why he is a good accessory dealer for you.FourtimesthesavingwithFor.DiamondTiresSqteegeeTreadBlackTreadRedSidesAutomobiles, Bicycles and MotorcyclesC. S. BALL GARAGE4tii & Pleasant Sts.. Paris, Ky.COMMENCEMENT EXERCISES FEDERATION OF WOMAN'SKENTUCKY UNIVERSITY: CLUBS ELECTS OFFICERSThe University of Kentucky, Lexington, has completed preparations for itsBOth annual commencement exercisesJune 7, at 10 a. m., which are intendedto serve, in addition to the customaryannual event, both as an expression ofthe patriotism of the State through themedium of its chief institution oflearning and as memorial of recognition of loyal service to the country ofnot less than five hundred of its students who were excused from classesahead of schedule time that theyjmight enlist in the army or join in thenation-wide movement to increase thefood crop.The schedule of commencementevents follows:Sunday, June 3, Baccalaureate serjmon by the Rev. Benjamine J. Bush atthe Maxwell Street PresbyterianChurch.Tuesday, June 3, Board of Trusteesmeets.Wednesday, June 6. Class Day.Wednesday, June 6, Alumi BanquetThursday, June 7, Fiftieth AnnualCommencement'THE ASgARAGUS BED"OF BOURBON COUNTY.Referring to the big fish fry givenby Mr. Ed. Simms on his farm nearNorth Middletown, Tuesday, the Carlisle Mercury comments thusly:"When it comes to entertaining, the'asparagus bed' of Bourbon may beexpected to demonstrate her classefeiy time, notwithstanding the factthat Emelihe Booker, of color, in herimmortal interview granted a representative of the Ohio press, publishedthe community to the world as a'wilderness through which an occasional automobile strays."J The Kentucky Federation of Women's Clubs, which has been in session at Fulton for several days, adjourned Friday, after one of the mostentertaining times in its history. Theclosing day was largely taken upwith the election of officers for the1917-1918 term. It was evident fromthe turmoil incident to the electionthat it was far from being the "cut-and-dried"aftermath of a caucus nomination. .' The newly-elected officers are as follows: Mrs. R. T. Lowndes, of Dan(ville, president; Mrs. W. J. Hills,Paducah, first vice-president; Mrs.,Lafon Riker, Harrodsburg, Generalfederation Secretary; Miss AlmaVanMeter, Danville, corresponding secretary. j Chairmen of the various committeeswere named as follows: Industrial andChild Labor, Miss Harriet Anderson,Louisville; Home Economics, MissMary Sweeney, Lexington, and Mrs.Frank Lowry, Paris; Music, MissKatherine Cochran, Lexington; Philanthropic, Miss Rebecca Averill,Frankfort; Civic, Miss Llda Hafferd,Carrollton; Legislative, Mrs. HardieRipy, Lawrenceburg; Political Science, Mrs. R. A. McDowell, Louisville;Social Hygiene, Mis? Alice Lloyd,Maysville; Library, Miss Fannie Raw-son, FrankfortIt was stated on the floor of the convention that the election of some ofthe officers might be contested. Following the election, the officers of the'Federation and the delegates weretaken automobile riding to Hickman,twenty miles distant where a luncheon was served by the clubwomen.It doesn't matter that a girl has a'poor complexion if her father is rich.L. & N. TIME TABLEEffective Sunday, April 22, 1917, 12:01 a. in.TIA34toa4k211no4017Kntieote39143221423931134IN$ FROM ARRIVALLexington, daily except Sunday 5:18 mAtlanta, daily . 5:25 amCynthiana, daily except Sunday. 7:35 amRowland, daily except Sunday 7:3 amMayaville dally except Sunday. .. ....7:38 amLexington daily except Sunday. , . .7:40 amMaysville-, Sunday anly 8:00 amRowland, Sunday only ...8:05 amLexington, Sunday only 8:10 amMaysville, daily except Sunday 9:50 amCincinnati, O., daily :... 9:52 amLexington, dally 10:12 amChicago, daily 10:17 amLexington, Daily Except Sunday 12:00 mCynthiana, Daily Except Sunday 2:55 pmMaysville, Daily Except Sunday 3:00 pmLexington, Daily 3T12pinKnoxrille, Tenn., Daily 3:15 pmMaysville, Daily u 5:40 pmCincinnati, Daily Except Sunday 5:50 pmLexington, Daily Except Sunday 6:18 pmJacksonville, Fla., Daily 6:33 pmLexington, Sunday only 9:20 pmCincinnati, Sunday only .9:30 pmCincinnati, O., Daily 10:38 pmLexington Daily 10:23 p mTRAINSJ.1634401130211?4026.37lit31IS26M38M9143230139lit214239299419129FOR LEAVEMaysville, Daily except Sunday...., . 5:30 amCincinnati, waily ' 5:30 amCincinnati, daily except Sunday . 7:45 amLexington, dally except Sunday 7:47 amMaysville. daily except Sunday 7:48 amLexington, Sunday only 8:10 amCincinnati, Sunday oaly 1 8:20 amLexington, dally except Sunday.... 9:55 amKnoxville, daily .. .. ....9:57 amLexington, daily .......7. 10:20 amJacksonville, daily '.. .10:22 amMaysville, daily .- s 12:04 pmCynthlana, daily except Sunday..... .... .?.;;......; 12:05.pmtLexington, daily except Sunday 7.3:17pi9Cincinnati, daily ...................... ... ..... ........? 3 : 20 pmLexington, daily except Sunday ; 1?5:57 pmRowland, Dally except Sunday ,:oo pmMaysville, dally except Sunday , .6r33 5mChicago, daily v;88 pmCynthlana, daily except Sunday -. .:i4Ui .pmLexington, Sunday only. .. . 9:38 pmMaysville, Sunday only ...9:30 pmMaysrille, Sunday only ......... ; .930. pmIiexington, Sunday only ...... ..'.9T3S pmRichmond, Sunday only 9:40 pmRowland, Sunday only t:40 piDLexiagton, Daily T. 1:15 pm5;Xv"'r2Sr, . 2i."22LC Hr Sl. Z SSW Z W"J. .?BW,ifc.-y.k JJJ"',!SBW-JSaflCSi f4 PMsSHMfe-' m:y .? osevsvsisssMsisv:.rrr?E? j?3 - V -c;.. .-.. 7:11 a..smsssesfS8m2&1$ -v.'T--5a-3g7-jSCTSiE2a3HtlasitirL TBtt&B2mtei:3&&" UvllA.ai W V. " -- ' -u .vCV" "-vv'-- 4'HEAUD IN PASSING."In their moments of relaxationfrom the strenuous cares and vexations of business life some of the beststory-tellers in Paris are merchantswho would be the least suspected ofyielding their time to such frivolous things. Yet they do, and theyoften tell good stories, gathered, fromtheir daily business experiences incontact with all sorts of humanity.THE NEWS man in the course ofhis wanderings along the highwayand by-ways in and around Paris,sometimes hajppens in on a bunch ofthese good fellows, who are neverhappier than when they are comparing notes, and exchanging storiesthat are neither off color nor ultrarespectable, but full of genuine fun,right off the reel. At one of thesegatherings the other night THENEWS man heard these."On 'Mothers' Day' in Paris" saidone of the men, "I met one of myneighbors, a shy young man. who hadbeen for many months calling on ayoung girl on Higgins avenue, whowas, of course, 'the sweetest, girl inthe world but, being bashful, thegirl had encouraged him by allthe wiles known to femininity, butnothing resulted. On 'Mothers' Day'the fair damsel met her swain, coming from the Christian Church, witha beautiful pink carnation in the buttonhole of his coat. She promptlynabbed him (now this is the story ashe told it) and, pointing to the carnation, said, Til give you a kiss forthat carnation!' The young man'scolor outdid the carnation, but hesummoned up enough courage tomake the exchange. Then he started out on a run, as if afraid to remainlonger. 'Where are you going inin such a hurry?' called the surprisedyoung woman. 'Say I'm going out toMr. Christman's for another carnation right away. Wait here until'I come back, please.' There is-someprogress for you.""I have a young friend," said another of the group, "who is somewhatof a practical joker, and many of hisfriends have suffered from his caprices. Very happily, this young fellow has weak points of his own. Oneof them is a dislike of the night air,especially the kind that comes floating in his "window some times. Onemorning about two o'clock therecame a tremendous thumping at hisfront door. The joker jumped outof bed, opened his front window and-leaned out."In Heaven's name, what is thematter?" he said. "One of. yourwindows is open," called out -a person on the sidewalk. "Which one?"said the joking fellow? "The oneyou are sticking your head through,"was the answer, accompanied by amocking laugh, as the other jokistambled away. My young friendlooked around the room for something to fire at the head of the disturber, but the fellow had gotten outof range. And the man in the window has never figured out who thetormentor was.""In his younger days," spoke upanother member of the party, "oneof our Irish merchants, we knowhim well used to be a travelingman. One time he was travelingthrough a section of the countrybeyond Mt. Sterling. In the seatwith him was a man whom our Irishfriend soon discovered didn't lik-2the Irish race very well. Presentlythe train passed near a big hill onthe left side of the road. Therewasn't a sign of tree or shrubberyof any kind on it. Our Irish friendsaid to the grouch at his slder "Iwonder what makes that big hill sobare?"' "It's bare," replied thegrouchy one, "because some Irishman must have spit on it.""Just then the man who had madethe offensive remark lifted his hatand the action revealed a head thatwas perfectly bald. 'I suppose,' remarked the Irish friend, "that someIrishman must have spit on yourhead, too." But the grouch turnedhis head, replaced his hat and kepta discreet silence until the pair separated at a distant station." . . . .FOUR WEEKSIN HOSPITaNo Relief Mrs. Brown Finally Cured by Lydia E.Pinkham's VegetableCompound.Cleveland, Ohio. "For years I suffered so sometimes it seemed as thoughI could not standit any longer. Itwas all in my lowerorgans. At times Icould hardly walk,for if I stepped on alittle stone I wouldalmost faint Oneday I did faint andmy husband wassent for and the doctor came. I was taken to the hospitaland stayed four weeks but when I camehome I would faint just the same andhad the same pains,A friend who is a nurse asked me totry Lydia E. Pinkham's Vegetable Compound. I began taking it that very dayfor I was suffering a great deal. It hasalready done me more good than thehospital. To anyone who is sufferingas Iwas my advice is to stop in the firstdrug-store and get a bottle of Lydia E.Pinkham's Vegetable Compound beforeyou go home." Mrs. W. C. BROWN,2844 W. 12th St, Cleveland, Ohio.REVISED LIST OPSTORM VICTIMS.Following are the latest list ofdead and injured in the series oftornadoes that swept eight Centralr.nd southern States in the last "threedays.ILLINOIS.Dead. InjuredMattoonCharlestonColietMurpheysboroManhattanModestoWestervelt573843450015050,i.t,.i 1 t ii, 1 1 1 1 . T ltttt g 1 1 1 f i 1 1 Y, 1 , tSPECIAL!Ladies' Black Kid, White WashableKid TopLadies9 Brown Kid, White WashableKid Top,"$595Regular $8.00 Values .We have about 30 pairs of bothwhich we are closing out.' Comewhile we have your size.HARRY LINVILLEJH..n. m.., i i i i yV.v i, 1 1 1 1 u . !,! m mTotals 133DIANA.Ileborn 5Kouts . . ' 2Miscellaneous points700200Totals 7KENTUCKY.Hickman ". 20Bondurant 22Clinton 5Cypress 12NEWSPAPER MEN WILLHEAR MILITARY ADDRESS.Newspaper men from various sections of the State will be in thecenter of the convention spotlight inLouisville within the next fortnightat the annual summer meeting of theKentucky Press Association, whichwill convene In that city on Mondayevening, June 11. The meeting ofthe newspaper men will be openedwith a reception and theatre partyMonday evening, and on Tuesday thelbusiness sessions will begin. 'John B. Gaines, president of theAssociation, will deliver his annualaddress on Tuesday morning. Allthe sessions will be held at the SeeTbach. In accordance with the spiritof the times, a military flavor will b'einjected into the meeting this year.Lieut-Col. Robert McBryde,-of theFirst Kentucky Regiment, a memberof the Courier-Journal staff in peacetimes, will deliver an address Wednesday, June 13, on "The Dutyjqf theKentucky Press in The PresentCrisis." ;.The meeting promises to he1 oneof'the-most interesting ones hjeld inrecent years bv the AssociationPlenty6f entertainment -wilFbSe' nr'.: ?- vr . ,v 1 1...eu.;or inc. seriMavana tneic laaiM.-. liw ..'. M.1 ,.-- i . J -rt.l .H ,WHimiite?xn cnarra or, ;r-promise an a rood.BuelahDodge PlantationEarwellDublin2020202525Totals 73MISSOURI.Ozark Mountains 1KANSAS.Andale (Friday) 26TENNESSEE.Dyersburg 7Tipton County 30Trezevant 4905060407510Totals 41ARKANSAS.Tims Point 8Clear Lake 6Other points 21255050Totals 16ALABAMA.Bradford 26Valley Springs' 10Sayre 8MajesticCarbon Hill 410036151015Totals 48RECAPITULATION.Illinois' .:. 113Kentucky 73Alabama - -48Arkansas 16Tennessee 41Kansas (Friday) 26Missouri 176700-90"76100:125605,0.Totals 3251,401FOR YOUR CHILD'S COUGH.Here's a pleasant cough syrup thatevery child likes to take, Dr. Bell'aPine-Tar-Honey. If your child has adeep hacking cough that worries yougive him Dr. Bell's Pine-Tar-Honey;the soothing pine balsams relieve thecough, loosens the phlegm and healsthe irritated tissues. Get a bottle today at your druggist and start treatment at one. 25c.(may-adv)BATHING BEACH ATB00NESB0R0 TO REOPEN.With the coming of summer weather, the beach at Boonesboro, a popular resort for Paris people on Sunday's will be one of the most popular resorts on the Kentucky River,and already bathing devotees arelooking forward to the time the water will be go.od enough- for them to"go In." Dr. D. J. Williams, whoowns the beach; Ja making extensivepreparations for handling largely increased "crowds during the summerand is having-erected a large numberof bath houses along the beach to accommodate the crowds.Sunday a number ventured to therlyer to enjoy an afternoon bathing,and a. few" engaged in the sport, although the water, was a little chillyto be enjoyed fully.Each succeeding Sunday is expected to bring increased numbers ofbathers to. the beach from adjoiningtowns.rTViA mam" wlin lltAMn.ltl. tJ?J- 'V.-T - w. . .uuiuugui; iiii-..tiipuvitc- j rannomnibu,-jtjrtlut Jdthat aoe-la a private "snar lowrt-MrLOOK!ALMOST GIVING THEM AWAY!$20.00 Suits For $13.98Bis values in Silk Satin and Serge,green, gold, blue, black andmany other colorsSpecial at $13.98A large number ofLadies' and Misses'Hats Up to $5.00GO AT$1.49twin Bros. Department store$mm Md main . Pari, KentuckySPECIALSFOR A FEW DAYS!We Are Offering Real Bargains InMEN'S SUITSSee the values, which are on display in our windows$10.00, $12.50, $15.00' You'll save from $2.50 to 15.00.Be Sure and Buy Some of the ShirtsWe Are Selling For95 CentsThey are 1.50 Values.TWINClothing and Shoe Dept.L. Wollsteia, ProaMflRGOLEN'SSPECIALS THIS WEEKBest Grade Flour , AA241b. sack $1.90Best Grade Granulated - JA25 lbs. for .? $2.40Pur Hog Lardper pound...24cBest High Grade Coffee " oc, per pound 5cSpecial Prices onand Vegetables.Home Killed Meats.- - rr"-f1 JJ Ljf f II rltL,vVWl I llllll 11 KltM J.l 1 J'J UcaWl 2i aSf -MarketlL'SanitvrMeatTry a Package ofDarling'sMeatCrispsFor Your Little CkickensIt is Just the Thing.For Sale byW. C.."tTjb- vjr !r-Tfc Hem Gl CaaiXtttmrH4luknrih ?.iierem-inTua-atnir committer.V-voejTCsk: ',. ' - rVv JT 'V " T rjj - . tv .-, . aaspvifwjiS? rfi5fe3U&.fljfHE BOCJftiidN NEWTPAKIS, O V-1AG3VflKWFRIDAY, JUNE 1, 1917.A THAGIC STORY.orders to bet the gun at 83-26 andfire. The shot wenttrue.behindNotheitizens of Central Kentucky have ! guess-work. The ment ceased to prepare for war, as evi-1 the gun simply obeyed orders. Theyneed especially in the City of Paris, ' had no idea at what they were shoot-ore men and women are workingmlder and shoulder for the veryi-t that can come. Yet Centralntucky does not differ from othertions of the State, in that a fewil refuse to awaken and seeminglynot realize the seriousness of theiation. For that reason, and forbenefit of those who still holdl against preparedness, we offer asstrongest plea that has yet- e to our attention these wordsm a Columbus, 0., man who returnhome from the trenches in Francen days ago, crippled in body butrr of mind, and with an awfulining to those who look upon thisuqgle lightly. He said :We were loafing around our bigi Nothing doing. Men at ease.' e telephone rang. Our captain re-ved orders. Then he said to hisn 'Set her at 83-26. Fire fifteent. Instantly every man was atpost The giant gun spoke. Each4e a great shot weighing one and-half tons was hurled some twen- miles. After this action the menjmed their smoking and ease.y did not know or see what theye shooting at. Afterwards theyined that they had destroyed at and killed 300 Germans. Aero-:,i.ue men get the distance, figuredr angle and power of the gun to:ictness. Then they telephoneding. Avar is hell. America knowsbut little about the art of modernFlaughter of men. Never a war likethis. From the sky come orders toset the gun at acertain point and angle and fire. American boys hadbetter drill a few times before theyattack these deadly engines of deathOur boys will battle men who havehad years of training and three yearsof experience in the trenches. Real-i ization of these facts will not bringjoy to the hearts of mothers. Prepare for REAL war is the order toAmerica."Professional Cards.Eye,DR. WM. KENNEYEar, Nose and Throat.ROOMS 403-404.FIRST NAT'L BANK BUILDING.PHONE 136.WM. GRANNANAttorneyat-LawROOMS 401-402.FIRST NAT'L BANK BUILDINGCAHAL BROS.HELPFUL WORDSFROM A PARIS CITIZEN.BARBER SHOPIs your back lame and painful?Does ita die especially after exertion? Is there a soreness in the kidneylegion?- These symptoms suggest weak kidneys. If so there is danger in delay.Weak kidneys get fast weaker.Give your trouble prompt attention. Doan's Kidney Pills are for weakkidneys.Your neighbors use and recommend(hem.Read this Paris testimony.Mrs. A. L. Burfley, 239 Eighthstreet, Paris, says: I have usedDoan's Kidney Pills a few times, getting them from the Ardery Drug Co.,and from the benefit I have received,I certainly think they are agood, reliable remedy. Whenever, my kidneys have been irregular in action ormy back has been weak and lame, Thave used a box or so of Doan's Kidney Pills. They have always relieved me of the complaint."Price 50 cents, at all dealer. Don'tsimply ask for a kidney remedy getDoan's Kidney Pills, the same thatMrs. Burley had. Foster-MilburnCo. Props., Buffalo, N. Y. (adv)ORPHAN BRIGADEPLAtfSfortj. c. v. :heet.In order that the members 'of the!Orphan Brigade may be fully ap-I prised of the arrangements which.have been made for their trip toJ Washington, D. C, on the occasion ofthe holding of the annual ConfederJ ate Veteran reunion, the followingschedule has been issued:I "Attention, Orphan Brigade, C. S.'A.: The official train for membersj of the Orphan Birgade, C. S. A., fromjail places east of Louisville over theI C. & O. raliroad leaves Seventh streetI depot, Louisville, at 9 a. m. Sunday,June 3. Round-trip fare from Louisville, 15.35. Secure Pullman berthsand transportation at local station orfrom R. B. Parsons, passenger agent,C. & O. railroad, Fourth street, between Main and Market streets,Louisville, Ky."A special train over the L. & N.will take on any members of the Orhan Brigade from all points on thatline between Columbia and Memphis,Tenn. This train will run throughA direct to Washington and is moreconvenient for members of the Orphan Brigade living south of Louisville. Members of the OrphanBrigade taking this train and whoare to be guests of Gen. W. B. Hal-Jdeman, will report on their arrival atthe New.Varnum Hotels. "All members who saw active service with the brigade (Second,Fourth, Fifth, Sixth, Ninth KentuckyInfantry, Cobb's Battery, and theFirst Kentucky Cavalry) will beguests of Gen. William B. Haldeman,Brigade Commander, at the NewVarnum Hotel (New Jersey and Cstreets, southeast on Capital Hill, twominutes walk of the Capitol.)"Beds and three meals a day areat the service of actual members ofthe Orphan Birgade who will beguests of the Commander of theBrigade. These guests will be entertained at the New Varnum from themorning of June 4 to noon, June 8.Please notify Commander W. R. Haldeman or Adjt. Thomas B. Osborne atLouisville at once so that the list ofthe members of the brigade can bepromptly made out."The Orphan Brigade representedeighty-four counties of Kentucky.State papers will confer a favor bymaking mention."Wear Confederate Uniforms."WILLIAM B. HALDEMAN,"Commander."THOMAS B. OSBORNE."Adjutant."- .C-FairJList4 Prictlf p:ain ,mmmJmtmttfSi&$f Fair Tr5tiiimMjmmmmmmmmmmmmOne trouble with fate is that ithands us corned beef and cabbagawhen we expect pie and ice cream.CLEAR AWAY THE WASTEnrompt andCourteousPatrons.HOT AND COLD BATHS.Bowl regularity is the secret ofgood health, bright eyes, clear complexions, and Dr. King's New LifePills are a mild and gentle laxative! that regulates the bowels and relievesthe congested intestines by removingAttention to the accumulated wastes without griping. Take a pill before retiring andthat heavy head, that dull spring feverfeeling disappears. Get Dr. King'sNew Life Pills at your druggist, 25c.(may-adv)WEATHER AFFECTINGCROPS AND GARDENS.All kinds of crops in BourbonCounty have received a setback onaccojunt of the prevailing unseasonable weather conditions. The heavyhail, rains and winds have seriouslyGamaged the vegetation. Warmrains and sunshine are now absolutely the only salvation for the cropsand gardens.The hemp acreage is very large andthe stand of hemp is good. The acreage of corn and potatoes is thelargest ever planted in the countyPotatoes are very promising, but, owing to the cold weather the firststand of corn was bad. Only a goodseason is now neeuea u prouuue hiLumper crop. Oats is looking wellThG-TTcreage of tobacco is the countyhas been cut considerably in orderto make room for more foodstuffsfor war necessities. The plants lookvery well, but hardly any have beenset out.Gardens were almost beat out bythe severe winds, hail and rains ofSaturday and Sunday, but it is hopedthat there may yet be enough sunshine this week to bring them backto their former flourishing state.mYoaFntCar with3!VJVLVLV'Jl,n;wrwnmnnnin&i&s&3z&SiZiss&sGooaeictiBLACK SAFETY TREAD TIRESXJR Ford car stands higherand haughtier on those newSuper-Tires zXhQ Ford CarTire of heroic size:Goodrich's iTllree-ScveIlfy-Kve5,,ET-LMorejstylish in their extra size more resilient in theirextra Vubber they give your Ford car a smarter dress andgreater comfort in smoother riding that thrice cancel theirslightly higher first costFashioned with the five-finger Goodrich Safety Treadonly, these are De Luxe tires for your Ford. Theirresilience doubles the life of your car and triplestne joy 01 your motoring.What is more, they OUTLASTordinary tires.CostUtdoMoreTheso handsoma,husky tires ui Iittlaraore money makaa Do Ltso FordCar.Prico Eachw75(31 3y4)- $18.93C0x3&(Re8ularcizc) - 1G.60ars Ton Ci T& Sj 3wium itm areacoowa5L. i A".ysysw r::vv.-fj ts:v.trv.f$r.'&:I SSlVr.2ri $f??f.MThe B. F. Goodrich CompanyAkron, Ohio"Best n the Lony J2im!m&&mtJUk."mr SmIr far TieawSimii m u 1 J- J i mtm- fi3Msi"!.i iSW&Kya sus&s&sm- IIAre YouProsperous ?Are you riding on a prosperity wave? If you are, layaside, some of your pro fits now.Deposit your surplus cash inbank.There have been thousandsof new bank accounts opened inthe vast six months.Are you one of the new depositors? See us toaay about yourbanking. We'll be only tooglad to explain our methods.BiPROPER FOOD FORWEAK STOMACHSThe proper food for one man may boall wrong for another. Every oneshould adopt a diet suitable to his ageand occupation. Those who haveweak stomachs need to be especiallycareful and should eat slowly andmasticate their food thoroughly. It isalso important that they keep theirbowels regular. When they becomeconstipated or when they feel dull andstupid after eating, they should takeChamberlain's Tablets to strengthenthe stomach and move the bowels.They are easy to take and pleasant ineffect. r , .(may-adv)ITmay have been a little bit tamein the old days to have to go joyliding on Sunday in a buggy drawnby a horse. But the newspapersdidn't have to reserve a column torthe list of the kined and injuredevery Monday morning.IVFarmers' . & Traders' Bank$100 REWARD $100The readers of this paper will bepleased to learn that there is at leastone dreaded disease that science hasbeen able to cure in all its stages andthat is catarrh. Catarrh being greatlyinfluenced by constitutional conditionsrequires constitutional treatment.Hall's Catarrh Medicine is taken internally and acts througn tne moon oui, TVTiionnq Surfaces of the System,thereby destroying the foundation ofthe disease, giving tne patient su-eueu:by building up the constitution andassisting nature in doing its work.The proprietors have so much faitDin the curative powers of Hall'sCatarrh Medicine that they offer OneHundred Dollars for any case that itfolio tn onre. Send for list of testimonials.Address F. J. CHENEY & CO., Toledo, Ohio. Sold by all Druggists. &c.imay-aavjHAPPY EEUNI0N OFBROTHER A1TTJ SISTER.After a separation of thirty-twoyears, in which thime she had notseen her brother, Mrs. A. Feld, ofWinchester, sibter-in-law of Mr. David Feld, of this city, and her brother, Mr. Harry Cohen, were reunitedin happy meeting at the home of Mrs.Feld, in Winchester.Mrs. Feld and her brother partedin their old home in Gradno, Poland,when Mrs. Feld, as a bride, took herdeparture for the New World in company with her husband. The brothersubesquently entered the Polisharmy as a private and rose to therank of Lieutenant For manyyears nothing was heard of him, andhe was mourned for years as onedead, all traces of him having been'lost. 'Fourteen years ago Cohen, it waslearned by some members of his race,had come to America, and located inNew York, where he engaged in business as a ladies" tailor and dealer inready-to-wear garments. In all theseyears he had been making an earnest endeavor to learn the whereabouts of his sister b.nd her-husband,and of other friends and relativeswho had come to this country at thesame time. In some way throughbusiness dealings he became acquainted with a Mt. Sterling merchant who was well-known to theFeld family, and from him he learned that his sister and her husbandhad located in Winchester, and hadbeen in business there for several t3 ears. Cohen immediately began acorrespondence with Mrs. Feld, andto his joy found he was on the righttrack. In a few days he made prepaJ lations for paying them a visit, and,arrived in Winchester the latter part tof last week, where the reunion ofthe long-separated relatives vas amost affecting one. IMr. Cohen was so impressed withWinchester that he secured a leaseon the building belonging to Mr. M. )Feld, on North Main street in thatcity, and will engage in the dry goods .business, Dnngmg nis mumy mcic wreside.OPPORTUNITY!Mr. K. F. Clendenin, Associate General Agent forthe Northwestern Mutual Life Insurance Company, inone day j ecently, sold $100,000 worth of life insuranc3over lccsl ai a hrg distance lines of the Home TelephoneCompany ar d because of such an amount of businessaccumulated in one day, he divides the honors with usfor the efficient telephone service rendered. This is asplendid record for both Telephone and Insurance Companies. Mr. Clendenin says; The service I get from yourCc mpany is all that I could ask, and od the closing dayof-my campaign I used it with wonderful success."Such an opportunity in facilitating business shouldbe grasped by the public in general in employing co-operation,efficiency and confidence.Paris Home Telephone & Telegraph Go.(Incorporated)J. J. VEATCH, District Manager.W. H. CANNON, THOMAS K. tfMITH;Local Manager. Cashier.xiBourbon LaundryDWIS & FUNK, Props.Telephone No. 4. W sst 5 StreetDON'T LET YOUR COUGH HANG ONF. P. KISBR, PrrtdmtW. W. MITCHELL, Cashier.WK.- GRIMES. .Bookkeeper.Sixth and Main Streets Paris, ICy'fHe is a mean man who will let awoman marry him-for his money-andthen, show her that he hasn't . dollar to his name. a.A cough that racks an weakens is?dangerous, it undermines your health:and thrives on neglect. Relieve it at(once with Dr. King's New Discovery. tThis soothing halsam remedy neaia.the throat loosens the phlegm, its antiseptic properties kill the germ andjfHa rnld is miicldv broken ud. Chil-sj - -.in -A Ami Tin Ixrtne-'a "Npw ruaonverv nleasant toltake as well as effective. Have a bottle "handy in your medicln chet forrriDDe. croup and all bronchial affac-'tions. At drugsisti, eoc(may-adv)4Satisfaction is Oflr,WatchwordWith all the latest improvements in laundryappliances and experthelpers we are prepared -todo work inferior tonone, and solicit yourpatronage.;Bourbon Laundry,IM?n",rAwfllTII0Ky'JrilIn"rA4t:-.-"-1J-; 1il'tP.1-r- -5-J ""Z--.FAGS BIGHT,.THE BOURBON NEWSPARIS, KY.FRIDAY, JUNK 1, 1H7.-xM'J 'j.(:,$w1k1-iwZzSittU5 rJ-'s MftMILLERSBURGT4 -Mrs. E. TV. Ammerman, who hasbees quite ill, is Improving.Mrs. Neppie Rigdon will moveher' meat market in the near futurefrom the property of Mrs. Sue V. Sandusky to the Blue Bowl.The banks and postofiice wereclosed Wednesday, Memorial Day.The great majority of our peopletook advantage of the opportunity,and "were busy decorating the gravesof their loved ones in the Millers-ft-urgCemetery.Rev. and Mrs. R. C. Goldsteinhave moved to the property of Dr. W.K. Miller, on Sixth street from OwentoB. Rev. Goldsmith is pastor of theBaptist church here and has occupied the pulpit for two years. It iswith great pleasure to welcome themJn as citizens of our town.Mr. G. W. Johnson and familymoved Wednesday from the flat ofIngels heirs over the dry goods storeof Ingels Bros., to the property ofMr. E. B. Tavlor. on Eighth street.Thelngels flat was badly damaged byv "water Bundav night during the tornado when the roof of the buildingwas blown off.Miss Ethel Jones resigns her position to-day as day operator for theBourbon Home Telephone Co. and isSjacceeded by Mrs. Mack Jones. MissJones has been in the service for twoyears, and has given thorough satisfaction both to tho Company and patrons. Hr resignation is a voluntary act, ns she is desiring to dosomething lse. She is one of ourmost accomplished young ladies andat all times has been courteous topatrons.The Millersburg Dancing Clubpvsi on a play at the Opera HouseTaesdav evening. It was cne of the'most brilliant events of the kind witnessed here In a long time. Quite a7imbpr of visitors were present fromail o- the surrounding towns, andleo a large number of commencement iruests. who had remained overfor tbe occasion. The floor was practically full, and at one time almosttoo crowded for comfort. The musicwa? furnished by the Versailles Saxophone Trio.The commencement exercises ofthe M. M. I. were continued Mondayn" :n -n. m.. with the operetta entitled "An Eventful Day." at the M.3 I. Drill Hall, by the Cadets, as-nsten bv a number or tne young people of the town and community. Thi.swas unquestionally the best by far ofasjy work that Mrs. C. "M. Best hasput on in the institution. The piecewas in two parts, and wa; made upc-i a large number of characters. Thesolos, duets, trios and choruses wereall well selected, and evr-jy character seemed to handle his rart nicely.The work was well put on, and mostjall of tbe narts were equally strong,many of them taking upon themselves a professional air The scenicdfTects were beautiful an 1 all present got more then they went for.Notwithstanding the inclementweather a large audience was in -attendance.The evercises were continued Tiiesoav at 10 a. m. at the Drill Hall, atwhich time eleven Cadets took theirdegrees. At the appointed time theCadets filed in and look, tholv placesupon the stage, tbe audience wa-large, and it was made up of manyparents and loved rr.e-, who had cometo see those in whom tbpv had th-rreato:t interest innucbd into therpsl activities of life. Tbe literaryaddress was delivered bv PresidentGznfirid. nf Centre roiio-rr. Danville.of Centre rviiinT. Danville.and was the best of its kind delivered in Millersburg in a long time. Hewent into tbe fundamentals of good, Mvernment and education andheshowed by a process of reasoningthat these were worth but little unless thejr were underlaid with someqf the finer elements of human life.At the close of the address Col. Bestawarded the diplomas, then readingthe honor roll. Cadet Allen, son ofMr- and Mrs. S. M. Allen, receivedthe highest honor, while Cadet Bryanreceived the second honor, and CadeHClay, of Paris, the first honor of theclass. After the rearding of theofficers for the coming year, a furlough was granted until September19, 3 917. Most of the Cadets leftia. the afternoon and evening fortheir respective homes and the remainder Wednesday morning.''This has been one of the most suc-ce.ful vears in the history of tneschool. There has been no friction,and harmony seems to have prevadedthe institution. The outlook for thefuture ' is flattering, although thetimes are uncertain. Col. and Mrs.Best are receiving numerous con,'grat illations over their successfulvwork of the year just closed.""VAS Y0TJ LIKE IT"IN THE WOODS.Like the outdoor presentation ofthe Greek plays in the days of the oldGreek gods will be the flavor of originality added the. outdoor presentation of "As You Like It," by themembers pf the North Middletown,"Dramatic Club, to-morrow evening.'- The play will be fittingly staged? 'J in & woodland setting on the farm-j-r of -Mr. Charles H. Meng. about onehalf mile from North Middletown, onthe Mt. Sterling pike, and will begiven for the benefit of the Red CrossSociety. An admission price of fifty.cents will be charged, by which itis hoped to increase the Red Crossfund very materially.The characters in the cast will bein competent hands, some of the best, .. dramatic talent in the county havingT been drilled in these parts, under thedirection of a professional. The beau-- tiful woodland in which the play" will be presented wiirbe brilliantlyilluminated, and will present a" charming effect at night. The per-v; lerm&nce win, begin promptlyNateight o'clock. ""xDEATHS.FOTHERGILL.A telephone message Wednesdayfrom Cincinnati to relatives in thiscity told of the death in a Cincinnatihospital of Mr. Edward W. Fothergill, aged thirty-eight, who had beena patient there for some days. Mr.Fothergill's death was cause by aggravated asthma, from which he hadbeen a sufferer for many months.Mr. Fothergill was a native ofParis, and was the only son of Mr.Charles W. Fothergill, of the Ken-tuckian-Citizen.He attended thej city schools in his youth, and aftercompleting his education, went outin the world to seek his fortune. Hewas for five years connected with thegrocery and ice cream parlor of Mr.C. B. Mitchell, and filled other responsible business positions in thiscity. About ten years ago he wentto Toronto, Canada, where he, remained several years, being in theemploy of a prominent trunk linerailroad in the Dominion service.He returned to Paris, and then wentto Cincinnati, where he resided to thetime of his death.Mr. Fothergill was a young man ofexcellent disposition, being one whomade friends easily and kept them.He was an accomplished musician,and had many traits of characterthat made him a welcome additionto any circle. In the days of hisillness, which was slowly but surelysapping his life he remained cheerfuland greeted callers with a smile anda cheery word.He is survived by his father, Mr.Charles W. Fothergill, and an aunt,Mrs. E. B. January, of this city. Mr.Charles W. Fothergill was apprisedof his son's condition, but reachedCincinnati too late to see him alive.The body was brought to Paris lastnight on the 5:35 Louisville & Nashville train, and taken to the horort ofhis father, on Railroad street. Thefuneral will be held this (Frida)afternoon at three o'clock from theresidence. The burial will take placeon the family lot in the Paris Cemetery, with service conducted at th.2grave by Rev. W. O. Sadler, pastorof the Paris Methodist church.The pall-bearers will be Clias. 33.Mitchell. R. S. Porter. Will A. Hill.Wm. Dudley, Blair .Varden and Logan Howard.The sympathy of the newspaperfraternity and the - Community goesout to the father in his bereavement.LAMPTON.William J. Lampton, formerKentuckian, well-known newspaperman and magazine writer, whose poems on current subjects are familiarthroughout the country, died of apoplexy at his home in New York,Wednesday. His last contribution tothe press was a poem, "The Flag InSight," printed in the New York Herald on the day of his death.Mr. Lampton was a native of Lawrence county, Ohio. He began hisnewspaper work as editor of theWeekly Review, at Ashland, Ky., andhad at various times been associatedwith newspapers in the East andMiddle West.. He also contributed tomanj' national magazines. Amonghis best-known works are "Yawpsand Other Things,1" "Confessions ofa Husband," "The Trolley Car an 1the Lady," and "Tame Animals IHave Known."Mr. Lampton. after leaving the ser-vice of the Weekly Review at Ash-.1p nd, wlncli was then tne only Re -' publican paper in the State, went to.Louisville, where he became cityuor ol tne uouner-journai. i teatureof his work with that greatpaper"ao " i,iai-v "ai1 "u "'-"w L"'i r 1?r "ATf Tn ma n nrl Tl i rlr -r c? rries, wnicn made mm famous allover the country.SIMS.Mr. John Kirk Sims, aged fiftytwo rlied at the home of his son.at,, r. r slms ,fn t online from Imitral regurgitation. Mr. Soms wasa natIve of Harrison county, a son ofthe late James and Louise HiblerSims. His mother was a daughter ofthe late Minor Hibler, of Paris, whoowned and resided in the property onDuncan avenue, now occupied by Mr.Robert C. Talbott. Mr. Sims was assistant sueprintendent of the circulation department of the LouisvilleCourier-Journal.The remains were brought to Cynthiana, where funeral services were 'held at the home of his brother-in-law, Mr. R. S. Haviland, conductedby Rev. J. D. Armistead. The burial followed in Battle Grove Cemetery. RENAKER.The funeral of Mr. Robert H.Renaker, a retired farmer, aged jeiffhty-eight, who died at his home inear Lexington, was held at the residence Monday morning at nineo'clock, with services conducted byRev. F. T. Mclntyre. The burialtook place in the old Renaker burying ground, in Harrison county.Mr. Renaker was a thirdcousin ofMr. Newell Renaker, of C. S. Brent& Bro., of Paris, and has one son,Mr. R. D. Renaker, living in Bourbon county. Besides these he is survived by three sons, J. W. and J. L.Renaker, both of Harrison county;W. W. Renaker, of Lexington; twodaughters. Mrs. J. W. Brown, of Kenton county, and Mrs. C. L. Martin, ofHarrison county; and one sister, Mrs.Sallie Ewing, of Cynthiana.LARUE.The funeral of Mr. Prank Larue,who died suddenly at hi home inDallas, Texas, last Saturday morning, was held at tKe home of hisbrother, Mr. C. C. Larue, near Shawhan, Wednesday morning at 10:30o'clock. The body arrived at" Shaw-ban, Monday night; and was taken tothe Larue home.Services were helcLat the residence,conducted by Rev, Dr. Frank W.Eberhardt, of Danville. Followingthe services the body was taken toMillersburg for interment on thefamily lot in the Millersburg Cemetery.TAYLOR.The funeral of Mrs. ElizabethOverby Taylor, aged sixty -nine, whodied suddenly at her home in Brooksville, Bracken county, Monday, washeld at Piqua, Key., yesterday.Mrs. Taylor was the mother of Mr.Ed. B. Taylor, of the Taylor Garage,on South Main street, and a sisterof Mr. Thos. Overby, formerly ofParis. She is survived by seven children. Mr. and Mrs. Ed. B. Taylor andtheir daughter, Miss Catherine Taylor, of Paris, attended the funeralburial at Piqua, yesterday."SHOULD AULD ACQUAINTANCE BE FORGOT?"One of the most remarkable celebrations ever held in the State, if notthe United States, was held in Richmond, last week. The occasion wasthe celebration of the ninetieth birthday of Prof. W. S. Giltner, for sometwenty years principal of the schoolat Eminence, business man, philanthropist, and one of the most activeworkers in the State for the Christian denomination. 'Mr. Giltner was a member of aprominent Bourbon county family,and on July 4, 1853, he and Hon. W.B. Smith, of Richmond, both youngmen, graduated at Bethany College,Virginia. On this occasion Hon. W.B. Smith delivered the Latin salutatory and Prof. W. S. Giltner delivered the valedictory and R. S. Prewitt, of Lexington, delivered an oration. There were twelve graduatesin the class, and Kentucky took thelead. Upon the platform with thegraduates, all of whom were seatedin a semi-circle, were the membersof the college faculty. They wereRev. Alexander Campbell, founder ofthe Christian church, and known as"Campbellites," Profs. A. P. Hook,W. K. Pendleton, ;Ross and Richardson. Every members of the facultyand every graduate upon that occasion, with the exception of Mr. Giltner and Mr. Smith, have long sincedied.Since his graduation sixty-fouryears ago. Prof. W. .S. Giltner and W.B. Smith have never seen each other,although they have both resided inKentucky, until last week, when Mr.Smith was the honored guest at thebirthday celebration of his old college chum.Hon. W. B. Smith was eightyfive years of age on the 24 th day oflast month. He has been practicingthe oldest practitioner .at the Rlchthe oldest partitioneer at the Richmond bar.PERCY HALEY APPOINTEDGeneral Percy Haley, of Frankfort,who has for several days been tipped as a certain successor to Mr. BenMarshall, of Lexington, as Collectorof Internal Revenue for the SeventhKentUPky District. received a tele-,rnni TlloC(i9V nioi from tti,istates Senator J C W Beckham at!ed-uVai,inrtn ,w;r.5 i,i ti,nt i,,-.l i jito '-'" iiumiJJUb '" iihiv llio Anomination for the office had been ,. confirmed by the Senate. Gen. Ilaley ! fwill assume the duties of the office!on June 1. 5Gen. Haley's appointment is thefirst of the division of the patronagein this State by President Wilsonbetween Senators Beckham andJames. As Gen. Haley is the first"prohibition collector to be appointedml,tJie ,Vtebta,te?' "indicate Uiat ia ury attuaior is neia equany in a3high esteem by President Wilson asa "wet" one.Mr. Haley, in an interview givenout to members of the press, statedthat he had no particular person inview for appointment to places in theinternal revenife service or for any ofthe offices that will come mider hisdirect control.ASSISTANT CASHIERRESIGNS POSITION.The Board of Directors of the Farmers' & Traders' Bank have regretfully accepted the vesignation of Mr.William Grimes, as assistant cashierof that institution, which was tendered a few days ago, to become effective at once.Mr. Grimes has been in poor healthfor some time, and intends to devotehis entire time to farming. He willbe succeeded by Mr. Dan W. Peed,Jr., who has been an assistant inthe bank for some time in the capacity of assistant bookkeeper.MANY HAPPY HOMES.- Many happy homes exist to-day,which would never have been possibleexcept for the helpful aid of the Bourbon, Building & Loan Association, andmany grateful families bless the nameof our association for the happy homeswhich they enjoy.Start in our new series, which opensSaturday, June 2, and become ownhome owners.WILL S. ARNSPARGER.(29-2t) Secretary.Mr. Reynolds Letton, of nearParis, .purchased of Wm. Collins, ofCarlisle, a fine registered PolandChina boar of the large type, .whichhje" willuse in his-herd. "RELIGIOUS.St. Peter's Episcopal church.Rev. Geo. H. Harris, rector. SundaySchool at 9:30 a. m. Holy Communion and sermon at 10:45 a. m.A cordial invitation is extended toevery one.The Endeavor Society of theChristian church will meet in thechurch parlors at 6:30 o'clock Sunday night. The subject is "Confidence and. How to Get It." MissPrincess Whaley, leader. The Workers' Conference will be held Wednesday night, following the prayermeeting. The regular monthly meeting ofthe Woman's Missionary Society ofthe Methodist church willlbe held inthe church parlors, on next Tuesdayafternoon, June 5, at 2:30 o'clock.The devotional program will be ledby Mrs. E. B. January. All the ladiesof the church are invited and expected to attend.The regular services will be heldat the Methodist church, Sunday,Rev. W. 0. Sadler, pastor, will preachat 10:45 a. m. and 7: 30 p. m. Sunday school at 9:30 a. m. Ep worthLeague at 6:30 p. m., subject, "Con-fldence and How To Get It." Leader,Miss Ina Mattox. The public is cordially invited.The regular meeting of the- Chris-Ltian Womans' Board of Missions willbe held in the parlors of the Christian church at three o'clock this(Friday) afternon. Members of theMission Circle will be guests of theauxiliary, and it is expected thatMrs. John Gay will be present. Themembers are urged to be present atthis meeting.By special request of the Bourbon county members of the NationalDefense Council THE NEWS is askedto urge the ministers of the county,both white and colored, to deliverspecial sermons to their congregations next Sunday on the importanceof every man within the militaryage registering at their voting placesin the city and county next Tuesday, June 5. There seems to- havebeen a mistaken impression that colored nien will not be required toregister. The minister.-, are urged tomake a point of this in their sermons, and to look carefully over tliDpiovisions of the item published inanother column of THE NEWS.THINGS TO W0EEY ABOUTIf the good old poet who once, inthe long, long ago, wrote rapturouslythose little lines, "O, what so rareQh a day in June?" had been a resident in Paris in April and May, hewould have wondered why he everwent into hysterics over such a thingSunshine has been a very rare sightin this neck of the woods during themonths just passed.2'v antjpriTiTjjpFOur enormous stocLcs our closeconteict with, trie world's greatestfashion shoe centers our wonderfulsystem of merchandising mustassure vou of the very latest inHigh Grade Men's, Women's and Children'sFOOTWEAR!Wc arc very prourf of the fact that now, when one shouldmake every dollar so the furthest, the people appreciatemore than ever the money-saving possibilities offered here.JOIN THE CROWDSTo the Big Bargain Shoe Store this week compare qualityand prices and you will be surprised at the big'savings here.Ladies Gray and White Kid Ka- -0tinka Pumps Jpor5lLadies7 White Kid or Rich Brown - ttRuss. Tan Boots 4.SIOLadies' White Canv. Sea Island -0Boots and Pumps &Ladies' Canvas Strap Pumps acat l-KlLadies' Kid Lace Boots' and Pumps -0which add grace to your foot. . . O.H-5JLadies' Pat. Dull Kid co aQ co -aBoots and Pumps at. ..&J5J-Pa7Ladies' Pat. and Gun Metal Shoes ,-. and Slippers at 15!SjBoys', Misses' and Children's Shoes and Slippers AtONE-HALF THE PRICE YOU PAY ELSEWHEREParis' Greatest Stooe StoreMATRIMONIAL.FORD WALLER.The marriage of Mr. HerndoiWaller, assistant secretary of theBourbon. County Young Mens' Christian Association, in this city, to MissFrances Ford, daughter of Mrs.Deweese Williams, of Georgetown,will tnlfO Ttlaoo in iVtn nnnfrrntn.nChristian Church, at eight olo.Saturday evening, June 9. The ceremony will be performed by Rev. Dr.Ainsworth, formerly pastor of theGeorgetown church.Mr. Waller has made a host offriends since he came to Paris, whowill unite in wishing him and hi3fair bride-elect all the happiness thatcan come to them in the present andthe future.Miss Zillah Dawes, of Georgetown, asister of Mr. Waller's former co-worker, Mr. C. C. Dawes, and a fre-quent visitor in Paris, entertained in-formally yesterday afternoon inhonor of Miss Ford, the guests be -ing limited to Miss Ford's intimatefriends.STRONG LANGUAGEPROM A PARSON!'One of the most unusual and mostsensational utterances ever made inttle South caused tears to spring tothe eyes of hundreds of business menat El Paso, Texas, Tuesday night, inthe course of an address to an audi-ennfi nf Tfixans. hv "Rpv Dr. NewtonDwight Hillis, the noted Brooklyn,New York, pulpit orator.Dr. Hillis had been telling his audience of the fearful conditions inruined and despoiled Belgium,Northern France and Serbia, underGerman rule. They cheered wildlywhen the noted minister vehementlydenounced the German Hohenzollerns and Hapsburgs, and wept whenhe dramatically uttered these words:"The Kaiser sent a message to theSultan of Turkey, saying, 'God blessyou, my friend.' My friends, if Iwere a layman, not a clergyman, Iwould say, without meaning to besacreligious. 'God damn the Sulto.nand the Kaiser.' "Dr. Hillis and Lawrence Chamberlain, of New York, spoke at a public meeting of over ten thousand people in El Paso, inaugurating the Liberty Loan campaign there. They leftJ afterward for Los Angeles, Cali., ona tour of the Southwest in the in-terest of the Liberty Loan campaign.EPARE!Get Your Summer Shoes NowI Men's RussianShoes and Oxfords, W.-0...4.50 UpMen's Plat. Calf Eng. and Medium MToe Shoes and Oxfords, W.-0....$4.00Men's Gun Metal and Tan Shoesand Oxfords, Walk-Over 3.50Men.s Gun Metal, ButtQn and 0and Lace, good quality 2.99Men's Tan Lace Oxfords , -at 2.49Men's Gun Metal High Shoes and - -Oxfords 1.99DAN COHENWhere Beauty and. Economy. Reignv.V--is.SOLDDSJtS AMtEST HOBOS.Two negroa, one glring hi namaas Bill Williams, and claiming Parias-his home, were arrested by soldiersguarding the bridge on the Lair pikenear Cynthiana, Monday afternoon.Williams claimed to be working for aParis firm, and that, he was on hisway to Cynthiana to see a womanfriend.The other negro gave his namefirst as George Bradshaw and afterward as Bill Kimbrough. He said heh -.The men were taken before CountyJudge Collier at Cynthiana, and triedon a charge of tresspassing on railroad property and riding unlawfullyon a freight train. They were fined$10 and costs each, but being unableto pay, are now in the Cynthiana jaiLBy the provision of the new Federal law it is the duty of the guardsto arrest any or all persons foundriding unlawfully on the freight orpassenger trains of any railroad inj the State, or being found on railroadproperty right-of-way, or especiallyj in or near the approaches to railroadbridges.!-TO ADDRESS THELEXINGTON VETERANSThe Lexington Chapter UnitedDaughters of Confederacy is preparing to observe Confederate Memorial. Day, Sunday, June 3, in an eminentlybefitting manner.I Rev- w- - Sadler, pastor of theI Paris Methodist church, has been securedto deliver the principal ad-! dress.Rev. Sadler is a member ofUIU xxeur y" arap, sons otI Veterans, of Birmingham, Alabama,. rtIlu ia " """' S"u ayeatter.MILL PROPERTY SOLD.The old Johnson Mill, at Newtown,in Scott county, was purchased lastweek for a private consideration byMr. James Mulliken, of Georgetown,from Mr. C. E. Norman, of Lexington, acting as agent for Mrs. CliftonArnsparger, of Paris. The propertywas advertised in THE NEWS someweeks ago to be offered at publicsale.OILED STREETSBRINGS THE RAIN.Everytime the streets of Paris receive their coating of oil a rain follows. The usual result followed thisweek when the oil was spread on thestreets. Littlejohn's Carnival Company is now at Versailles, which alsoaccounts in a measure for the downfall. As rain-makers, Littlejohn andthe oil-spreaders have any knowncombination beat three city blocks.iTan Encrlishf& fr- f ft JT -m ft VIIH-s417"V