THEBOURBONr'-!PUBLISHED - EVERY TUESDAY AND FRIDAY IN THE YEAR.VOLUME xxxvnPARIS, BOURBON COUNTY, KENTUCKY, TUESDAY, NOVEMBER 6. 1917GERMANS STORM U. S. TRENCHES; THREE AMERICANS KILLEDWASHINGTON, Nov.5.Armed,forces under the American flag havehad their first clash with Germansoldiers in an attack with the Germans made on first line trencheswhere the United States troops had"been taken for instruction and threeAmericans were killed, five woundedand twelve captured or missing.The "WJar Department made thisknown on receipt of a dispatch fromGeneral Pershing that the Germanforces soon after learning the positions of the new enemy from overseas, had launched a desperate effortto overcome them. The Teutonic attack came in the form of a' heavy"barrage fire which isolated a salientof the American trench and apparently left a small force of Americansat the mercy of their enemies.The announcement from GeneralPershing gave no names of casualties. The announcement also omitted to mention whether the trenchhad been captured. It is presumed,liowever, that the attacking force inflicted as much damage as possible ina short space of time and then retreated to the protection of their ownearthworks before American reinforcements could arrive."The War Department has received a dispatch from the commandinggeneral of the American expeditionary forces which stated that beforedaylight, November 3, a salient occupied for instructions by a companyof American infantry was raided byGermans. The enemy put down thelieavy barrage fire, cutting thesalient from the rest of the men.Our losses were three killed, fivewounded and twelve captured ormissing. The enemy losses are notknown. One wounded German prisoner was taken."ES 1 ISSTATE PRESIDENT W. tl. T. U.WON'T SIGN FOOD PLEDGE.Mrs. Frances E. Beauchamp, StatePresident of the Kentucky W. C. T.U., refused to sign the pledge card ofthe U. S. Food Administration."On the day that President WilsonaTifJ TTnnvfir call on the farmers ofthe country to stop, using for tobaccothe land on which wheat could beraised, on the day they forbid thebreweries and the manufacture ofjS. Talbott, North Middletown Prewines, on that day I willsign thispledge card," she stated.Mrs. Beauchamp explained thatshe did not consider it consistent forthe government to ask the women ofthe country to give up necessities as Jlong as the farm lands could be usedfor luxuries."Do you insist on the men givingup the use of tobacco, before you will jsign?" she was asked."Well, that will follow, won't it, ifno tobacco is raised?" she replied.IS IS ISNOVEMBER COURT DAY.Although there was a large crowdin Paris yesterday, November courtday was not a very brisk one in theway of business. There was but little stock on the market, and only afew trades were made among thebuyers and sellers.The farmers were busy discussingcrop prospects, the election of to-day,the principal topics being,, of course,the tobacco markets. Merchants report fair sales, but slow collections.At the stock yards of Caywood &TtfcClintock, on South Main street,"Mr. A.-B. Hancock held a sale ofthree-year-old high grade Shorthornand Polled Angus cows, several withcalves by their sides. One "hundredand twenty-five cows were solcl foran average of . $75 per head. Thesale was largely attended, and the"bidding brisk, buyers "being presentfrom all the surrounding counties.fca Pa mDR. WM. KENNEY RETURNS TOGENERAL PRACTICE.Dr. Wm. Kenney, who some timejago opened an office in the First Na- jtional Bank building as a specialistin the treatment of diseases of theeye, ear, nose and throat, has resumed the practice of medicine, in whichhe had a large and ever-increasingclientele for years previous.Dr. Kenney recently purchased ahandsome Chevrolet runabout fromthe Redmon Motor Car Co., of Paris,which he will use in his practice inanswering calls.a ts 1EIGHTH GRADE HALLOWE'ENPARTY.Miss Lavalette Ranson, one of theteachers at the City School, entertained her Eighth Grade pupils Hallowe'en night at the Y. M. C. A. witha party. The youngsters came masked and after presenting their invitations at the door, were allowed to enter into all the mysteries of the occa-sion-At the close of the evening thechildren were very appreciative intheir remarks to the ones'who helpedto make the affair a success, amongwhom were Mr. ana Mrs. Wilcox andMr. and Mrs. Smith, of the Y. M.C. A.TO-DAY'S ELECTION.To-day the voters of Paris andBourbon county will go to the pollsand cast their votes for the officerswho will represent them in the con-duct of the city and county officesfor the coming term. .They will also be called upon tovote tor a constitutional amendment,a sewerage bond issue and a renewal rick has just concluded an-expensive Friday night, after a brief illness,of a twenty-year contract with the investigation of conditions in the Dr. Hunter was a former memberParis Water Company. faculty. j of Congress from " the Third andThe Democratic ticket is a splendid Eight members of the faculty and later from the Eleventh Districts,one, and is composed of men who will students who appeared before him He was one of the famous 306 delperform their official duties with jus- laughed, sneered and defied the gov-re&ates to the Republican Nationaltice and impartiality. These menhave all been selected as standardbearers of the Democratic party, and.it behooves every Democrat to rallyTr rnfiil eiitTAff r rlr4- 41im.j iucu suuyuii, ctuu. cicv;l tiiciii.The primary is now history, the majority of the party made its choice,and the party is now on trial, notthe individual or the nominee. Themen nominated are worthy of thesupport of every Democratic voter, infact every man entitled to vote.Many of them have been tried andtested, and in every instance theyhave proven themselves to be capable and efficient. They are men of jcapacity and good Democrats, whohave served their party well at alltimes. They are not perfect, it strue, but perfect -men do not exist.But the Democratic party does existand will continue to exist. It hasmade its choice, and now asks its adherents to support the nominees.The ticket to be voted for in thecity and county to-day is as follows:For State Senator George Hon, ofClark county.For Representative C. M. Thomas,j of Bourbon county..For Sheriff Will G. McClintock.For County Clerk Pearce Paton.For County Judge George Batterton. For County Attorney David D.Cline.For County Superintendent ofSchools J. B. Caywood.For Jailer Thomas Taul.-For Assessor Walter Clark.For Coroner Rudolph Davis.For Magistrate L. J. Fretwell,Paris Precinct; John N. Shropshire,Centerville Precinct;E. P. Thom-asson, Millersburg Precinct; John S.Wiggins, Hutchison Precinct; R. O.Turner, Ruddles Mills Precinct; Jno.cinct; S.'B. Burris, Little Rock Pre-cinct; Lee Stephenson, ClintonvillePrecinct.For Mayor E. B; January.For Police' Judge- Ernest Martin.For Chief of Police W. FredLink.For Councilnien First Ward Jno.Merringer, John Christman and Thos.Kiser; Second Ward S. K. Nichols,J. J. Veatch and John Arkle; ThirdWard Geo. Doyle. -pi IS ?5iRANGES. STOVES, AND STOVEPIPES AT REAL BARGAINSCome see our cast ranges, and ourcook stoves and heating stoves theyare real bargains. Get your stovepipe here: 7-inch stovepipe or elbow, 25c; 6-inch stovepipe or elbow,20c; 5-inch stovepipe or elbow, 17c;4-inch stovepipe or elbow, 15c.FARMERS SUPPLY COMPANY.-S2 IS TQLOCAL COUNCILS CHOSEN.At the recent meeting of the District Conference Y. M. C. A. in thiscity, te following local councilswere selected to further the campaign work in this county for the Y.M. C. A. army work:Paris James McClure, CountyChairman; C. P. Cook, City Chairman; Charlton Clay, Secretary; Stanhope Wiedemann and Hugh Ferguson, Publicity Committee; NorthMiddletown John Willie Jones,Chairman Frank W. -Sledd,' PublicityAgent; Millersburg Rev. C. O.Cossaboom, Chairman; Rev. A. S.Venabye, Chairman Soys' Work; David Clarke, Publicity Agent.ES E3 RlNOTICE TO THE PUBLIC.THE NEWS is requested to statefor the benefit of the general public,that all packages sent to army can-tonments by parcels post must besecurely wrapped, and must not con-ltain anything of a nature that cannot be transported in good condition.Postmasters have been instructednot to receive packages insecurelywrapped a'nd containing perishablematter. Complaint has been madeof packages shipped to different cantonments being received in bad condition, due largely to carelessnessupon the part of the shipper.-; IS lBNOTED EXPERT TO SPEAK HEREIN DECEMBER.Dr. Alexander Johnson, of Philadelphia, a noted expert in the careand treatment of feeble-minded people, will deliver an address at th.court house in this city on December4. Dr. Johnson will speak here under the auspices of the Paris LiteraryClub and the commission recentlyappointed by Gov. Stanley to investigate the condition of Kentuckyfeeble-minded institutes.PRO-GERMANISM UNCOVERED INUNIVERSITY OF ILLINOIS,Complaints asainst a coterie ofthe faculty of the University of!Illinois will be laid before Governor ,Lowden and United States officialsby W. H. Herrick, of Bloomington,m., agent of the Department of Jus-''tice, it has been announced. Her -errfment bv refusing to answer a ues-tions. the federal agent charged.The board of trustees of the uni-. versity quietly dropped from the. 'tann rv tmir niatrnntnre tni anri-faculty four instructors forAmericanism lassummer.fe ?sSUITS AND OVERCOATSMade to your individual measure.Fit, style and workmanship the verybest.MITCHELL & BLAKEMORE.(vov2-tf)Statement From TheSTATEMENT FROM PARIS WATERCOMPANY.August 1st the StateHealth made an analysistaken from mains ownedBoard ofof waterand con-trolled by Water Company andre-I ported water as excellent.August 28 th sample of water wastaken from a 4th pipe line some 350feet long belonging to and controlledby the L. & N. R. R. Co. This linewas installed some four years ago tosupply tank supplying engines withwater during a deficiency in pumpingcapacity of the railroad. Since then,not needing water to supply the. tank,there has been but small quantitiesof water drawn from this pipe, andthis 4 th pipe line was not flushedor washed out for many weeks asmeter will show, consequently waterCOMPARISON OF RATE WITH OTHER CITIES OF SIMILAR CLASS.FirstFaucetMaysvill $6Richmond 6Danville.......Hopkinsville-. 6Glasgow 6Cofbin 6Lebanon 8.50Fulton 9Paris 5By Newton Mitchell, Superintendent.WE KNOW HOWDon'tCold!Don't sweat indoors and get a chill outdoors. Wearmedium weight underwear ,that evaporates perspiration as quickly as it appears that is always comfortable indoors and warm enough -outdoorsWEARDU0F0LDHealth Underwear!where there is a thin inner layer of soft cotton fabricfor comfort and a thin outer layer of fine wool thatdoesn't touch the skin (can't itch)and which keeps thecold out and the natural warmth in and which hasan air space between the two layers that ventilates.Remember the Name DuofoldUnion Suits and Separate GarmentsDon't delay!Mitchell & BlakemoreStetson Hats Manhattan Shirts Nettltton ShoesDr. Reed's Cushion Sole ShoesDR. GODFREY HUNTER, NOTEDREPUBLICAN POLITI-,UIAJN. DEAD.Dr. W. Godfrey Hunter, Ministerto Guatemala during the adminia-tfation of President William Mc-Kinley, and a noted figure a decadeago in Kentucky Reupblican poli-, tics, died at his home in Louisville,Convention in 1876 who stood firmly for the renomniation of Presf-dent Grant and gainedadded dis-. Unction' in later years as manager ofthe Republican campaign which resulted in the election William O.Bradley as Governor of Kentucky.Dr. Hunter was 76 years old.im !5a f!RNETTLETON SHOES.The best shoes made in the country. All sizes and styles.MITCHELL & BLAKEMORE.(vov2-tf)Paris Water Companyin this dead end became stagnent forwant of circulation. It was from thisdead end owned and controlled bythe i. & N. tne sample or Aug. asmwas taken and found polluted, aswould be the case of any dead endunless properly and regularly flushed.There are many improvements tobe made which are designated inthe new contract and which will becarried out.The present filtering system is inexcellent condition as examinationhas shown. The most skilled waterworks engineers of the United Statessay the life of cast iron pipe such asis used here will be 100 years.This is borne out by samples of pipedug up after having been in theground for 100 years, Philadelphiabeing one of the "places where thistest was made.Meter TotalBath Closet Basin Hose Rate For.Year6 ' $8 $6 'So 30c $30.004 4 4 5 30c 26.00All Metered 30c6 5 4 6 30c 27.00&1- 4r 2.50 6 30c . ,,24..50.5 - 4 2.50 4.20 30c 19.208 4.50 3.00 6 30c 30.003 3 1 6 30c 22.003.50 3.50 1.50 5 20c 18.50PARIS WATER COMPANY,Be3'Buy now!ATSplendid prices were received atthe .first annual sale of Shorthornsheld in Lexington, Thursday, by tho!Kentucky Shorthorn Breed firs' Assnciation: Seventy-six head brought atotal of ?17,260, an average of $225per head. The highest price of theafternoon was paid for the whiteScotch heifer, Dorritt II, in the consignment of Judge I. H. Thurman, ofSpringfield, which was sold to A. B.Thomas, of Shelbyville, for $700.Mr. Joe Penn Redmon, of Paris,bought a white heifer, Roan Bud,consigned to the sale by J. H. Gay, ofWoodford county, for $625.Fourteen prizes were offered by theAssociation for the best specimensexhibited of different classes of cows,heifers and bulls. In the class forcows, two years old and over, Mr.Charles E. Butler, of Paris, wasawarded the second honors.In the list of purchasers who paidover $100 for animals at the salewere the following from Bourboncounty:Lula Belle, sd. red cow, 1916; O.M. Johnson, Millersburg, $290.Victorie Blossom, IV., red cow,1916; O. M. Johnson, Millersburg,$400.Mt. Echo Lad, ro. bull, 1916; W.D. Mclntyre, Millersburg, $325.Roan Marigold, ro. cow, 1916; J.P. Redmon, Paris, $370.Deerlawn Duchess, red cow, 1917;C. H. Rice, North Middletown.Jack G-., red bull, 1917; Jack Harrod, Ruddles Mills, $105.Lillie Dell, red cow, 1915; W. D.Mclntyre, Millersburg, $250.Wayside Belle, s'd. red cow, 1915;W. D. Mclntyre, Millersburg, $135.Edna May, sd. red cow, 1915; Logan Bryan, North Middletown, $375.Peggy Maid, ro. cow, 1916; ,J. PRedmon, Paris, $460.Red Bloom, red cow, 1916; C. H.Rice; North Middletown, $150.Sf9 JSlISN'T MAN THE MOST AMUSINGTHING?The most amusing thing in theworld is that thing called man! Forinstance: Some of our "dry" advocates who .made prohibition speeches(?) about two years ago now celebrate Christmas on Hallowe'en night(and any old night, for that matter But what I started out to say wasthis; You have only one month inwhich to place orders with me for artportraits of yourself if you wish samefor Christmas. All orders for watercolor work must be in before Dec.1. Catch my meaning?A. R. JOHNS.P. S. Photos taken night or day,rain or shine. (6-lt)S3 153 feGEEAT DRIVE ON THIS WEEKUlt WAK UAJVLP RECREATION.Beginning Sunday and continuingthroughout the week there is in active swing over the United States a!drive for a fund of three and threequarter millions to be raised for warcamp community service.The purpose of the organization isto furnish places where the men mayseek recreation and amusement ourside the camps, to see they have cleanclubs and plenty of other good placesto go to and return them to campkeener in spirit and more desirous ofserving America instead "of sendingthem back unfit for service, according. to an announcement made by theorganization's headquarters.? TC3 TSlLADIES WASH GLOVESAll colors; the kind that wearwell and fit perfectly.MITCHELL & BLAKEMORE.(vov2-tf)SEE us ;etrst.See us first when you havekind pt a deal in real estate.anyWeknow how to get results.(16-6t) PARIS REALTY COWl Wl WiON THE ROLL OF HONOR.The following, young men fromParis and Bourbon county who arenow in their country's service in various army training camps, havebeen placed on a roll of honor to begotten up by the Paris Christianchurch, of which they are members:Lieut. Reuben B. Hutchcraft, inFrance; Lieut. D. Davis Hutchcraft,in Florida; Corporal Charles B. Dickersbn, Privates Robt. M. Delaney,Robt. Link, Jr., and Merritt Slicer,all at Camp Zavhary Taylor, nearEouisville, and Landrum Payne andJoe Letchec in the Aviation Corps at! Camp Sherman, in Ohio.GOOD PRICES RECEIVEDSHORTHORN SALE.VOTE FOR WATER COMPANT C.TRACT TOR THE FOLLOW- iING REASONS. -""First Because the city has thtright to purchase Water ComBarplant on January x, 1918, und om 'January 1, 1920, and at the expiration of every five years thereafteruntil the contract expires.Second Because the City has thtiright to demand readjustment ofrates every five years after January1, 1917, this readjustment to bmade by three appraisers, one selected by the City and one by the Water Company, and the third to be se-. ;lected by the two appraisers, and imcase they disagree as to the third appraiser, such third appraiser shall b.the Judge of the Bourbon CircuitCourt.Third Because the rate both forthe city hydrants and private comsumers are lower than any city ofsimilar size in the State of Kentucky. Fourth Because the Water-Companyis to construct an additionalsettling basin not later than. January 1, 1919, under the approval ofthe State Board of Health.Fifth Because the Water Company is required to furnish free water for four public watering troughsand the Catholic and Protestant cemeteries, and practically free waterto City School, Massie Hospital andthe Y. M. C. A.Sixth Because the contract fullyprotects the rights both of publicand private consumers and securesbetter service and cheaper rates thanare now obtained by any city of similar size in the State of Kentucky.PARIS WATER COMPANY,Newton Mitchell, Superintendent.November 5, 1917. (It)T"U gi E3.OPTOMETRY.Having realized that Optometryis a profession of itself which requires study and practice and shouldnot be worked in connection withany other business as a side line, Ihave opened an exclusive optical business, equipping my office with thlatest instruments for the refractionof the eyes. As regards my abilityto properly fit glasses, will say thatI am a graduate of the charteredSchool of Optometry, which teachesnothing but the "Science of Optom-etry." I also have the best text-"books obtainable. With the pastthree years actively engaged in thisbusiness and the greater part of nitteyears in the fitting of glasses, placesme in a position to offer my servicesto the public as qualified to do anykind of work pertaining to this profession. Respectfully,W. R. FRANKLIN,(6-2t) 520 Main Street:S lEaQUARANTINE IS TJTTED ON KENTUCKY TROOPS.The .quarantine Oii the 149th Infantry, formerly the Second and partof the Third Kentucky regiments,was lifted at noon Saturday? according to an order issued at headquarters. Field Hospital No. 151, of Louisville, which has been in the quarantine camp with the infantrymen,lso will leave.These organizations were orderedquarantined a month ago when-an -epidemicof disease was discovered inthe Second Kentucky. Medical offl- -cers ordered a quarantine and theoutfits were moved out of the campproper.m fca mVWANTED.All kinds of second-hand furniture,stoves, rugs, carpets, old feathers.THE ARK, 204 Main St.,F. B. Thomas, Manager.Cumb. P4ione 780. (6-lt)?a fe taWISE MONEY SAVING ADVICEPROM FARMERS SUPPLY. CO. .If you are going to need a wagontarpaulin, harness, lap robes, horseblankets, come in add get our prices,we will save you money. , ,FARMERS SUPPLY COMPANY.PURCHASER PAYS $251 FOR $20.r"v000 SECURITIES.Auctioneer Mr. F. Kenney, sold atpublic auction at the court housedoor Saturday afternoon all the note,accounts, overdrafts and other securities in, action of the defunct GoAlexander & Co. State JBank. The.entire lot aggregating $20,000, wapurchased by Judge Dennis DiuMtofor $251. The sale was made yDeputy State Banking Convnis4omBuckner Woodford, in charge of settling jip the affairs of the bank. 'mmmNOVEMBER 16 TO BE ANNUlIiARBOR DAY.Preparations have been made byy;O. Gilbert, Superintendent of . PulilieInstruction, and J. A. Barton, StateForester, to celebrate November Itas Arbor Day. Governor Stanley wilTissue a proclamation designating tdate a& Arbor Day and call upon ifcpeople to plant trees and obeerve tfcday in an appropriate manner "ftI1ij'fr:t.1-4A.', Kr"?"ytfssgaimNEWStitt f Vmmv T Con-VvVVP VRVtHTVtttotwtf Every Tuesday and Friday.r Yar... $2.00 Six Month... $1.00Payable in Adrance.-WiFT CrIAMP, Editor and Owner.THE DEMOCRATIC TICKET.or State "Senator George Hon, ofClark CountyFtr Representative C. M. Thomas,of Bourbon County.JFor Sheriff Will G-. McClintock..3br County Clerk Pearce Paton."Hfcr v County Judge George Batterton. or County Attorney David D.Cline."saRbr County Superintendent of SchoolsJ. B. Caywood."or Jailer Thomas Taul."lor Assessor Walter Clark.4or Coroner Rudolph Davis, Paris.4r Magistrate I. J- Fretwell, ParisPrecinct; Jolin N. Shropshire,Centerrille Precinct; E. P. Thomasson, Millersburg Precinct; Jno.eS. Wiggins, Hutchison Precinct;Ut. O. Turner, Ruddles Mills Prexinct; John S. Talbott, North Middletown Precinct; S. P. Burris, Little Rock Precinct; Lee Stephenson, Clintonville Precinct.For Mavor E. B. January.Cor Clifef of Police W. Fred Link.3?or .Police Judge Ernest Martin.JFor Councilmen First Ward JohnMerringer, John Christman andThos. Kiser; Second Ward S. K.'"Nichols, J. J. Veatch and John'Arkle: Third Ward Geo! Doyle.' EDITORIAL MUSINGS.-The Costs of School life.A friend who attended one of the""High School dances in a neighboringcity, was a good deal scandalized by"wfiat seemed to him the extravagant-dressing of the girls. He came home- telling how nearly all these young-women wore silk gowns. It lookedto him is if a working man mustpaymany extravagant costs to put a.girl through a High School, unlesshe was to be made socially uncomfortable.Several women who heard these-observations, remarked that the costsof school life were not quite in the"The direction that he seemed to think.ja. siik aress used to be considered asign of luxury. Nowadays silks are-made up simply and inexpensively," If used only as party dresses, theydon't have to stand much wear, and-may last for some years. It was theguess of these women that few of the-dresses this man saw cost over $10.It is of course a tax on a metihanic to provide his daughters with10 dresses for school parties. But- one of these frocks may last througha. High School course. Meanwhile"his boys, who are playing football,-grubbing in the dirt, sliding to basesc-on the seats of their trousers, willneed new pairs of shoes and trousersa very month or two.tParentsywlio visit schools considerable are surprised at the neat appearnce made by the average child,"Ragged clothes are almost unknown,The youngsters are heedless in theare of their garments, which mustmean incessant renewal.ine mecnanic on wages runningfrom $600 to $1,000 a year, withthree or four children to put throughschool, has a problem on the clothesquestion. Every new suit usuallymeans that the old folks have dugome of their own discarded garmentsout of the closets. The spruce young-asters should appreciate the shabbiness that the old folks have endured, on their behalf.miThe Fall In Price of Bonds.The present level of prices of rail-- Toad, industrial and municipal secur-- ities has a serious lesson in it for the.i average person who has a small prop-. erty to invest.'Th average well-secured bond is-sellimg t least 10 per cent, less thanIt sold for five years ago. The stocksof the soundest and best managedrailroads must have fallen 25 percent. Tart of this may be due toftquidation caused by the European! 'prar, business depression and other.- special -causes. But there are few-v 'who seriously expect to see stocksani bonds recover their full loss.A man who a few years ago put$10,000 into standard stocks andbonds, has to-day only $7,500 to $9,-" 000 of "his money left, if indeed he. -has as much as that. His reason forinvesting in these securities was com-raoaly because he could get a littlefeigkef rate of interest than could be--Jhd i a savings bank. But forwy dollar to tUmthWlost S10.00 in. dettrecfetkm of Dri&ei-- - J- -. ..V ' E "'pal. oi ooutm u iM.aoMft on. to goo4stocks, and retains Jkfct bonds .untilmaturity? (which comparativly , f wneoDle do), he will recover a larrshare of his loss. But comoarativelyfew will get back what" they in-vested.The above reasoning is based on motion, may tell of weak kidneys,the prices only of good securities And there are often disturbances ofwhere the property is perfectly good. , tne urine too frequent urination,In a great many other cases where scalding or burning pain during pasthe security was of doubtful or spec- sage, discolored urine and sediment,ulative value, a large part of the ' Doan's Kidney Pills are preparedoriginal investment has been lost, especially for weakened kidneys, kid-often the whole of it. .There are many people who when , nave proven their merit in thousa new enterprise is proposed for their . ands of cases. Doan's are endorsedhome town will refuse to take any 4 throughout the civilized worldstoo.k in it. .although well able to do recommended by Paris residents.so., men tney aviii Duy securitiesof some great railroad or corporationwhose property they never saw, andof whose managers they know nothing. There may be cliques handlingthat corporation contrary to the interest of the general public, of whichinvestors are wholly ignorant. Allwhich goes to show that when peopleinvest their money away from home,they very frequently go farther andfare worse.South America Awake.That all South America will soonbo aligned against Germany dailylooks more certain. A break is nowthreatened by Peru, which demandssatisfaction within eight days for thesinking of the bark Lorton by a German U-boat. The fact that the sinking occurred last February and thatPeru has waited until this time todemand satisfaction is an indicationthat the action of Brazil and Argentine has had a most impressive effecton all the South American republics,heightened by the disclosure of CountLuxburg's brutal advice to sink ships"without trace" in order to avoid emblirassing negotiations with neutrals.Latin-America knows that the success of Germany in this war wouldmenace the security of the Westernhemisphere.- The interests of SouthAmerica in this struggle are identicalwith those o North Ameiica. Itneeded only the awakening of theLatin-American republics to the realsituation to evoke their widest sympathy with the cause for which theUnited States is fighting.Home Amusements.The question of home amusementsis one of much more serious importthan is presented upon the surfaco.There are amusements and amusements, and parents should select fortheir children their amusements, justas carefully as they select their food,clothing or studies; for, as the child'samusements are, so will the childherself be. Children are more easilyled than is at first sight imagined,and a judicious parent can create aninterest in some pursuit that wouldhave been utterly distasteful. Thereis so much to learnr and so much thatis interesting and amusing in theprocess of learning, that it seems apity not to cultivate in children aninterest in solid amusements.A Part of the Town.Every man is a port of his town.The town embraces the fortunes, andin some measures at least takes onthe character of the man. So. loyaltyto one's town is no more than loyaltyto one's self; and this loyalty is inthe line of all well shaped human nature. .Therefore it is right to say thatthe man who does not stand up forhis town is in some way dwarfed.There-is something wrong abouLhim.His fellows will pass this judgmentupon him, and the chances are thatrhile he may add to the discomfortof others he will not escape makinghimself unhappy.1 mFurthermore, if you think youdo it is a sign that you haven't hadto yet.Powerful Motor Tractor Takes Place ofHorse- in Drawing'Or" i i t"-sjLP?irr s!No longer is the faithful horse called upon to share the burden of war inthese times of havy artillery. The motor tractor has come to take the Phceof the horse, and probably will never be supplanted except by some morepowerful tractor than those now in vogue. The American army L equippedwrth hundreds of these tractors. The one shown in the accompanying pictureis being used to draw men and heavy field batteries which are s?tobcP takennnn 7hCSf traJtoihave Je Piling power ofunany horses and a mostno graders too steep for them. They could draw a-heavy battery up the rideto tLrpTogress! n?SSary' '""try Offers J seriohs obsfiScSSSiL !' t ' - J"illlJiiB- - , -.-urtea-Telk of- WekPuis EetickttjHfcowf Tc$Tie sharp twinge of painln thesmall of the back that strikes you:alter any suaaen twist or awKwaraney oacKacne and urinary disorders-areChas. Stewart, tinsmith, Lillestonavenue, Paris, says, "I had three orfour attacks of lumbago in the pastfew years, the first being the worst.My back was a dull, constant ache"all the time and often sharp, cuttingpains darted through it. SometimesI thought I could hardly endure themisery. Doctor's medicine was of noavail and somehow I got hold ofDoan's Kidney Pills, procuring themfrom the Ardery Drug Co. The firtbox helped me and I continued taking them until cured of the attacks.Return spells since then have alwaysbeen slight, and Doan's Kidney Pillshave never failed to relieve me."Price 60c, 'at all dealers. Don'tsimply ask for a kidney remedy getDoan's Kidney Pills the same thatMr. Stewart had. Foster-MilburnCo., Props., Buffalo, N. Y. (adv)IS 151 1REGULATIONS TO RESTRICT THEUSE OP COAL.Regulations destined to restrict theuse .of coal in industries considerednon-essential to the conduct of thewar will be put into force soon bythe fuel administration. The planunder consideration provides for aclassification of industries in the order of their importance and the issuance of a general order to opal producers directing them to supply firstmanufacturing plants engaged inwar work.Domestic consumers will be supplied ahead of all industries and theregulations will-contain special provisions for taking care of their requirements. Directors of the National Gas PzElectric Association protested to FuelAdministrator Garfield against a proposed order limiting the use of coalfor electric display signs. Electricdisplay advertising, they declared,would be classified with public utilities and should not be done awaywith to save a small amount of coal.pg pa ISPOR A WEAK STOMACH.As a general rule all you need todo is to adopt a diet suited to yourage and occupation and to keep yourbowels regular. When you feel thatyou have eaten too much and whenconstipated, take one of Chamberlain's Tablets.(nov-addv)to to toDO YOU OWN A CAMERA.The United States Signal Corpshas issued an appeal to the ownersof all high-grade cameras. The Signal Corps needs the lenses of theirmachines for war work. It is knownthat the United States Bureau ofStandards has solved' the problem ofmanufacturing high-grade opticalglass for aircraft camera lenses, butapparently they can not be producedin quantity fast enough to equip ourfleet of airplanes. The UnitedStates has always been a great fieldfor amateur photographers, and thereare a large number of high-gradeEuropean-made lenses scatteredabout the country. These lenses theSignal Corps wants to buy. Longfocus lenses working at large apertures are the only kind which can beused.Heavy Field Artillery3-.iG?KJi-i' STj''i?C''i.limsw Type New Being UsedBy United Stales ArmyCan Climb Side ofMountain&&&K2, 9TAXKSQThw Soldier Owes HkLt loSteel HofacttenjHft'V -"mine greatest or an lite preservers. among the soldiers in the trenches inJiurope is the steel helmet, which isnow almost universally used by alL armies in the field. Here is evidence ofthe life saving one of these helmets didfor Private Frawley. It is the reasonhe is still alive. The bandage on hishead is evidence that he did not escapeinjury altogether, but the holes in thehelmet show what stopped the bullets.These helmets are to the soldier in thefield what the-life preserver is to theshipwrecked sailor. ACERTAIN CURE EOR CROUPMrs. Rose Middleton, of Greenville,111., has had experience in the treatment of this disease. She says,"When my children were small myson had-croup frequently. Chamberlain's Cough Remedy always hrokeup these attacks immediately, and Iwas never without it in the house.I have taken it myself for coughsand colds with good results.(nov-addv)For SaleHandsome 8rfoot Golden Oak PlateRack, for dining room. If sold atat once 'can be bought at a bargain.Call either phone 124. (3t)For Sale.One Dayton Bacon Meat Slicer.One Dayton Computing Scales.One Bowser Oil Can.Apply to undersigned.OO-St) WM. SAUER.Buff Leghorns For SaleI have a number of fine Buff" Leghorn Single Comb Cockerels for sale,a fancy laying strain. Price $2.00each.MRS. LETITIA CLAY,(30-tf) Cumberland Phone 204.Wanted.White woman who is experienced nurse to take completecharge of young baby and live onplace. References required. Address Mrs. M. D. F., 421 NorthBroadway, Lexington, Ky'., or callphone 2413.(30-3t)MEN WANTED.100 men wanted at once to dig andload coal in coal mines. For any information wanted, writeGEO. VEAL, Supt.,(23-lmo) Shamrock, Ky.Administrator's Notice !All parties holding claims againstthe estate of John Hall, colored, dcceased, are hereby notified to presenttheir claims, properly proven, as required by law, to the undersignedwithin the Dne limit presciibsd Lylav.All peus ns indebted to -Vij hateof tho dofj'ed John Hall .ire h r.--bynotified to call on the undersigned Administrator and makeproper settlement of such indebtedness. FRENCH THOMPSON,Administrator of John Hall,, Dec d.(30-3t)Magazine Agency.I will receive subscriptions to thefollowing magazines:Curtis Publishing Company'sLadies' Home Journal, SaturdayEvening Post and the Country Gentleman, - Cosmopolitan.Good Housekeeping,Harpers,Motor Magazine,Pictorial Review,Mothers' Magazine,Heart's.Kentuck"y Magazine.Until November 10 will receive 23'ear subscription to Cosmopolitan,Heart's, and Good House Keeping,either for $2. I will also make, ad'vantageous clubbing offers with ThePictorial Review.MMS. O. P. CARTER, JR.,. Paris, Ky.(oct23-.tf)- Oil acoutif Mr.A A .vc run beta tbfBgRromarii ULxington-an4 Cincinnati nataftating a reafmtoLaxiEston.dtaiwto dispose of my residence at the corner of Main and Second streets, laParis, at private sale.This is a substantial brick house,two-stories, has six large rooms;sleeping porch; two concrete porches;large garden and poultry yard; sideand front yard. It is a first-classhome and will be a bargain for thpurchaser. It is in first-class shap.An inspection of the house and premises is invited.MRS. JESSE S. NAPIER.(4-tf) 12b Mam Street.PUBLIC SALEValuable City Property!The undersigned will offer at public sale onMonday, November 12, 1917At 10 O'clock A. M.at the corner of Fifth and Main, the following described property touit: 1st The handsome 3-story business block on Main street; storeroom now occupied as a millinery store by Mrs. Corne W. Baird, oyerwhich is a beautiful flat on the second and third floors. This propertyfronts on Main street 22 feet, running back 84 feet, more or less.2nd The store room adjoining, occupied by Harry Linville as aLhoe store, and is the same property as the above, with the exceptionof the size of the lot, which is 19x84 feet, more or less. This propertywill be offered as a whole.3rd The double brick building on Fifth street now occupied byDr. Vansant on the east side and Dr. Anderson on the west side. Overthese offices are two modern flats, easily rented, and now occupied bygood tenants. This is an exceptionally good piece of investment property. This being a double house each side will be offered separatelyand then as a whole. The dimensions of this lot is 50x61 feet, more orless.In the rear of the Main street property and between the Fifth streetproperty there is a perpetual passway, which gives ingress and egre&sto the flats, store rooms and the residence property.4th About 5 acres, more or less on Stoner Creek, at the end ofStoner avenue, entrance both at Sfoner avenue and Massie Lane. Onhis property Is a large stable, cot barn and corn crib arid, chickenhouse. This would be admirable property for town lots.5ihAbout 9 acres on east side of Maysville and Lexington Railroad, running from Washington street to Stoner Creek and adjoins theDuncan heirs property on the east.At the same time and place 6these cows are fresh, two havingParties desiring further information or desiring to look over thisproperty will please call on Mr. Phil Nippert, who will take pleasure inbeing of service to them.- TERMS Real estate, one third cash, balance in equal payments inone and two years, with 6 interest.P. NIPPERT. Aeent.WANTEDEvery Automobile OwnerIn Bourbon CountyTo Have the Advantage of OurTIRE---DEPARTMENTBring your old tires to us andhave your work done by an expertwho has had years of experiencebuilding tires. Come and see foryourself.We Do Re-Treading andVulcanizing ofAUKindsC. S. BALL GARAGECor. Fourth andW99W9wm-- j-ISO acres of Laurel Cowrty Vlajin land that would make ak Mealichicktn ranek. About 71 acreis high, flat land, and balance 6a abranch between two high kluCs.This branch land, has enough tie andsmall, timber on it to pay for it.Would be an ideal place for an orchard, being protected from frost toa great extent by these blufTs. Allkinds of fruits would do well. Someof this land would produce fair cornand tobacco, and all kinds of vegetables. It joins up close to L. & N station. An opportunity for a hustlerto get rich on a small investment".If interested call 404, CumberlandTelephone. (tf)OFfine milk eows will be sold,calves by their side.Four ofIPleasant St;rAf?1?. -'-4,: - - v . - t z ' f '-.; :'x''rs- --,. - -tr ---- v--'.v-"-cr-r-.-T., . ...,, -. ;- . ...1-..:j.;Yr.v'j",r " '- --'-THE BOURBON NEWS. PARIS, KTTUESDAY, NOVEMBER 6, 1917.PAGE,fJ . -- - S " ' " i wH4r-,'fc-(. Wi3VB'ArinedlHOTWJOlf,02lfPA-,$LJrtnaMGBSBr"IBMCCH!SP&mWhen company comesthere is no time towaste no chances tobe taken so mothersees that there is always a can ofCALUMETBAKING POWDERon hand. Cakes, pies,doughnuts, muffins andall good things to eatmust be dressed up intheir best taste andlooks.Then, too, her reputation as a cook mustbe upheld and she"stakes" it on Calumetevery time. She knows itwill not disappoint her.Order a can and have the"company" kind of bakingsevery dayCalumet contains only suchingredients as have beenapproved officially by theU. S. Food Authorities.MEN IN THE AEMY WOMEN RUNTHE TOWN.SOCIAL 'AND PERSONAL.The little village of California,west of Maysville, is almost as muchof a war-stricken town as some ofthe towns in France. All of the youngmen have joined the army and leftthe women to do the work and runthe town.The Chesapeake & Ohio station Jagent is Mrs. E. L. Herndon, her sonhaving gone to war. He was formerlythe agent. Mrs. Stanley Jones is arural route carrier, taking her husband's place. Mrs. Wheeler is postmistress while her husband is fighting for democracy. Mrs. Wilson andMrs. Ruby Shaw are wielding the axto get wood to burn. The women didall the harvesting and shucked thecorn. A Red Cross circle has beenorganized and $200 subscribed. Thefirst soldier to volunteer was WestbyBurke, whose father is an invalid. Adrummer got off the train in the little town which he had formerly visComings and Goings of OurPeople Here, There andElsewhere.Miss Georgia Christman, who i3a patient in the Massie MemorialHospital, is improving.Mrs. Frank Graff has returnpdto her home in Augusta, after a visitto friends in this city.Mrs. Henry Boardman -continuesvery. ill at the home of her daughter, Mrs. R. L. McClure.- Mrs. Fred Smith and Mrs. RachelSnapp, of Indiana, are guests of Mrs.Harlan Snapp, near Paris.Mr. and Mrs. Phil Christmas ofHarrodsburg, are guests of Mr. andMrs. Gus Christman, in this city.Mr. Mitchell Cain is very illwith, pneumonia at the home of hissister, Mrs. Kate Bryan, near Paris.Mrs. Earl Smith and little son,Earl. Smith, Jr., of Simpsonville, Ky.,have arrived for avisit toMrs. H. B.Arnold, of South High street.Mr. and Mrs. Ben Saunders haveited, and not seeing any men in the ! returned" to their home in Covington,village inquired whether the menwere in the harvest fields."No, indeed," replied the womanstorekeeper, "we women did all theharvesting of our grain while ourhusbands and sons have gone to gather in the Germans."T3I 3 TSSTATE TAKES ETJETEEN - YEAHLEASE ON PISH HATCHERYafter a visit to Mr. and Mrs. Henry L.Terrill, in Fifteenth street.Mrs. F. M. Tinder and son, Louis,who have been guests of friends andrelatives in North Middletown, havereturned to their home in Lancaster.Mrs. Dana Bean, who recentlysold her home at North Middletownto Mr. Chas. H. Meng, has moved toParis, where she will reside in thei future.Mr. W. S. Robinson, represent-.,-.. .. ing the Calumet Baking Powder Co.,A lease for fifteen years on the a business visitor ln Paris sev-Benoni Macklin State fish hatchery, eral days the past week in the inter.near the Forks of Elkhorn, was given est of the Calumet products,the State by Mrs. Thomas Hinds, of Mr. and Mrs. Robert F. CollierChicago, a daughter of Benoni Mack-' and family have moved to the resilin. The lease was presented at ex- dence on Mt. Airy avenue, recentlyn-nnicac Tiii Qf fiio Tiofpiiow aA WQa vacated by Rev. George H. HarrisYoa tare vies jos bay it.Yon save vhza you use it.AN OLD MAN'S STOMACH.accepted by Governor Stanley in behalf of the State. Ed. Morrow, ofSomerset, Republican candidate forGovernor at the last general election,made an address on "Fish Conservation." Both he and Governor Stan-j ley emphasized the importance of theenforcement of the fish and gamelaws.Following the exercises, J. Quincy"Ward, Executive Agent of the Fish,and Game Commission, served aluncheon for the guests. J. G.Sachs, of Louisville, chairman of theState Game and Fish Commission,was unable to be present at the exercises and Mr. Ward presided at themeeting.m mWOMEN TOETTJBED!you will occasionally eat more thanyou should and will feel the need ofAs we grow older and less active,less and less food is required to meetthe demands of our bodies. If toomuch Is habitually taken, the stomach will rebel. When a man reachestheadvanced age of 85 or 90, yourx" mxuL"r' "" LiB ." er- tsrriblv from corns.. Women thenjae as uaietut as you win, noweverH i . ,Suffer Terribly With Corns 'Becauseof High Heels But WhyCare Now.Women wear high heels whichbuckle up their foes and they sufferproceed to trim these pests, seeKingrelief, but they hardly realize theChamberlain's Tablets to correct tha, terrible danger from infection, says adisorder. These tablets do not contain pepsin, but strengthen the stomach and enable it to perform its functions naturally. They also cause agentle movement of the bowels.(nov-addv)Fair Warning!All parties owing accounts morethan two months past due to the undersigned merchants, who are members of the Business Men's ProtectiveAssociation of Bourbon County, arehereby requested to call and arrangewith said mercants for a settlementof such accounts at once. Unlessyou do this, each merchant will, according to our By-Laws, be compelledto give your name and amount ofdebt to our 'Secretary for record andcollection.The purpose of our Association isnot to put any hardship or place anyundeserved criticism upon any onhut something had to be done tobreak up the "dead beat" businessof this county. Your merchant nodoubt will act humanely and allowyou to pay just a little each weekon your old account. Surelyyou do not want your name to appear in our "Delinquent List."All your merchant and our Association asks of you is come and letus reason together. Show that youare honest and mean to pay yourdebts, by even naying a little eachweek as best you can. This is surelynot asking too much. But remember,you must do this at once, beforeour Black Lists are printed andmailed to each of. our members..THE BUSINESS MEN'S PROTECTIVE ASSOCIATION OF BOURBON COUNTY.FRED WECKESSER,Chairman.WM. GRANNAN,Secretary and Attorney.Wilmoth & Co.Busy Bee Cash Store, " xL. R. Bramblett,P. M. Heller,Baldwin Bros., jJ. A. Sullivan, r jHarry Simon,John .T. Connelly,HiggL.j Flanagan,lavin & Connell,C. S. Goldstein,L. Wollstein,Margolen & Co.,John Merringer,Mitchell & Blakemore,Harry Linville,Tilford Burnett, ;Logan Howard,Skillman Bros.,Mulfinger &Ston, 'Lusk it Shwi, - -Dr. L. Oberdorfer,C. P. Cook 4b Co.,Dan Jordan,. .P. Walik, i-H.J.rawlw; ' XS. XUMMUU,r H. MOoOtai Jb O., -Cincinnati authority.Corns can easily be lifted out with.the fingers if you will get from anydrug store a quarter of an ounce of adrug called Freezone. This is sufficient to remove every hard or soft cornor callous from one's feet. Yousimply apply a few drops directlyupon the tender, aching corn or callous. The soreness is relieved atonce and soon the entire corn or callous, roots and all, lifts out withoutone particle of pain.The Freezone is a sticky substancewhich dries in a moment. It justand family, who have moved to Versailles to reside. ?(Other Personals on Page 5.)Ife )Hi TSDROP IN PRICE OP CANNEDGOODS BEING PREDICTED.Immediate ,drop in the prices ofcanned "vegetables has been predictedby the Food Administration as the result of putting into operation thelicense system for wholesale dealers.Much of the canned goods, it wassaid, was bought by dealers at lowprices last spring and can be sold atless than the present market prices.Dealers charging more than a reasonable margin of profit are liable tothe forfeiture of their license to dobusiness.The retailers will be controlled bycutting off, through the pressure ofthe license system upon wholesalers,of their supplies if they try profiteering tactics.MELANCHOLY OCTOBER.We confess to' feeling stung in thematter of October leather. In Kentucky October should be the monthof mellow midday and cool morningand evening; the month of ripenedcorn, of frost-dyed foliage, or yellowpumpkins between the fodder shocks;the month of marvelous moonlightnights cool enough for an overcoat,yet warm enough for a lovers' stroll.Ice was half an inch thick uponrain barrels In Kentucky the last dayof October, and gloomy days, daysof cutting humid winds, days of snowand slaty clouds were numerous inthe October calendar.Daffodills have bloomed in Kenrtucky Christmas week, and fires havebeen laid and lifted in August, hutshrivels up the corn witnout mnam- j nolhing more unseasonable has ocing or even irritating the surround- j curred tlian the weather of OctoberinK tissue or skin. Ten your wueabout this.(adv)PR PR P5If it" be my lot to crawl I willcrawl contentedly; If to fly I will flywith alacrity; but as long as I canavoid it I will never be unhappy.Sidney Smith.1917.Let us hope for compensation inNovember. Frenkfort State Journal.m pm IIt is estimated that England Issavins: 50 tons of paper weekly bythe abolition of the newspaper contents bill.New King of Greece in Salonika WithGeneral Who Reorganized ArmiesPictures Used to "Feed"GuIKBle German PeopleMM I 111 ! l 1 1 1 I ! II 1 H 44 MtHIIIIIIIIII WThe German people have been "educated" with pictures of this kind sincethe war began. Newspapers and periodicals give the widest publicity to illustrations which tend, to show howsuccessful the U-boat warfare is. Thisphotograph is a reproduction of a picture printed in a German newspaper.It shows the destruction of a steamerat sea by a submarine torpedo. Anartist has blackened the smoke to makeit more dreadful.SPRAINS! ETJB PAINSAND SWELLING AWAY.Don't Suffer Go About Your DutiesRelief Conies the Moment YouApply "St. Jacob's Oil."Don't stay crippled! Rub thissoothing, penetrating oil right intothe sprain, ache or strain, and outcomes pain, soreness; stiffness andswelling.Nothing else penetrates, heals andstrengthens the injured . muscles,nerves, tendons and ligaments sopromptly. It doesn't burn or discolorthe skin and can not cause injury.Don't suffer! Get a small trial bottlefrom any drug store now limber up!Rub the misery right out. A momentafter "St. Jacobs Oil" is applied yoacan not feel the slightest pain orsoreness, and you can go about yourregular duties."St. Jacobs Qil" conquers pain. Ithas been used effectively for sprains,strains, soreness and stiffness for 60years six gold medal awards.(adv)llolf, 10 ile & Co,- exingion, Kentucky -:Special Purchase and SaleWomen's and MissesLate Fall and Early Winter Suits$25.00 Twenty - Five Dollars $25.00Worth Much MoreWe bought these Suits from a manufacturer who was"up against it" for cash, and secured them from him forpractically our own figure.. We don't have to tell youthat they" sell for prices much higher than 125.00. Youcan see for yourself in the style lines they exhibit; thequality of the materials used in making them, and theskillful manner in which the needle has been executed in.every seam.Out of the many we have here awaiting your choosingwe have only room to list the following:THEKENTUCKY MAGAZINE TORNOVEMBER.The Kentucky Magazine for November is out and carries an interesting table of contents. The textand the illustrations of this issuemake the usual special appeal to Kentuckians. The editor, Mr. Huntington, has an article on "Kentucky andthe Perry's Victory Memorial," andthere is a timely article from AlanP. Gilmour on the "Patriotism ofLincoln." The advertising patronagewhich is now coming to this publication, without special solicitation, is apositive evidence that it is makinggood a little sooner, perhaps, than itspromotors anticipated.SUITSOf Navy Blue and Black Serge,plain, neat tailored effects, builtfor service and long wear, linedwith very best quality satin andpeau de cygne, special $25.00SUITSOf Velour Cloth, Gabardines andSoft Broadcloths in green, brown,beet root, gray and navy, withlarge collars of either self material or fur trimmed, special $25.00Just received, a large shipment of lewHoflin Middie Suits for Girls. Navy Blue aidBlack and White Checks.WOLF, WILE & CO. 1&gm LEXINGTON, KY.i 1 MHfttttHtttttHt 1 1 1 II 1 1 1 III I HI H"GrceceisinowI one Jo kike Entente AlUendrace tlfe-Uifd States, isANSWERS THE NATION'S CALLHerbert Hoover having designatedthe Inetrnational Live Stock Exposition a "Food Training Camp,' bythis act drafted this institution intothe service of this country. "Moremeat" is the appeal of the food administrator. To win the war, beefand pork (especially the latter) willbe necessary. There is a shortage or.meal and fats. For years this deficiency has been developing. Duringthat period the International LiveStock Bxpositian has acted as a conserving agency, educating the coun-jtry along lines of economical production; otherwise supply conamons. uthis emergency would have been evenless favorable. This, season a greatdrive for immediate increase in production will be made. The momentis opportune and conditions rip-3.Consumption of meats has reached astage several laps ahead of production and the International LiveStock Exposition teaches the .wayout. More cattle, hogs and sheep ofbetter quality and earlier maturity,insuring maximum weight and minimum' expense, is th solution of theproblem. . - - -The International -Live Stock exposition, which will be held duringthe first week in Decemoer, wm luiyear empnasize iv . -problemof the moment is more foodand in no other way can the lessonbe more convincingly taught.HES. pToTsTUCHELL TELLS HOWSHE CUBED HER SON OPA COLD."When my son Ellis was sick with:a cold last winter I gave him Cham?berlain's Cough Remedy, xt helpedu n ami rtiitckl broke- upv niA writMi Mrs. P. O. Stuch'elLiHomer City, Pa. Thl? remedy habenin use.fprmany yeaw. pXM ooaQualities have een -iumj v; --inT- thsuiaadsXprPP -""The, Bourbon LaundryDWIS & FUNK, Props....Telephone No. 4. Weit 5 StreetSatistaction is OirWatchwordWith all the latest improvements m laundryappliances and experthelpers we are preparedto do work inferior tonone, and solicit yourpatronage.Bourbon Laundry,Paris : Kentucky.ready to fight to make ttieworld safe for Democracy. Kinfc AlcxyiferwEg at Midiafc-YiHfV.1" -x f.dd tto'alterAfee forced aWkati of W'fatoJg (iW?nitine U'fhbwn.here wSGerieral vtftmdt ctrttimte, -timUsrtorfantico cne urecxannica. kv picture u buwu i atwwty- I"! .Bzunuinebyk-"?-', .' itlilii"(nov-adT)torUr.l4MfiHHiiiiiiiimiiiiimiiiiiiMiininiiiMItwin Bros. Department StoreSzventb m mm $u. Pari$t KeNtuckfSome RemarkableDressesFor large and small girls.All sizes 2 to 14 years.Price 50c and Up.SUITSAll sizes from 16 tor 52.Come in and see them.BLANKETSAll, prices. Reduced.UnderwearUnion Suits or separate, for. Men, Wtmeu, Childrei.GownsOuting and Cotton89c SpecialComfortsat greatly reduced priceg.Hat SpecialReduced prices on allLie,. and Misses'.Suits and DressesSale yricc, . . . $1l..Good sizeSocial, $LI I -iS; jrit r., J-J5- -ZS. ju&jfeljtAiJ222i-af. .fc -- ft"" M" M. fjh1iI'M- ,-A'. VitrK?,A..m I7i-l--zVparttauy M-s-r-A3hill -MMBHt-Sttfe Kttf V W3 BHl ULSkmkimMaSbiu'-..r'vV-iffcAtfl FOEBTHE BOURBON NEWS, PARIS, ;t--.1TUESDAY,:NOTlMMnt 11T3i551X0fBOURBON FARMING CONDITIONSThe farmers have heen very "busyin the past few days shucking outtheir corn crops, but many of themhave experienced considerable troublein getting sufficient help for thatpurpose.There is no indication that thegrowers are anxious about their tobacco, and while ts, considerablequantity has been stripped, there isyet plenty of time, which, coupledwith the scarcity of help for thiskind of work, makes the growers-study a little bit.Many farmers have been cleaningup their land this week, repairingroads, and mending fences, togetherwith the general run of ever presentfarm .work in tne dull season.now that Hallowe'en is over, arefound to be extra good.The turkey market for the Thanksgiving season will open in a fewdays and the local dealers are gettingready for business. There is a greatscarcity of these birds this fall, asthe spring and summer weather wasso unfavorable for their growth.Prices will be correspondingly highand many a Thanksgiving dinner willfind rabbit in the center instead ofthe customary turkey.la laThere is a decided scarcity of poultry, while there is not much discussion regarding turkeys, because theyare very high and very poor. Goodhogs are so scarce that it is distressing and the highest prices everknown are being paid for the animals. A hogshead in the market nowcosts $1.50 and a tray of brains costforty cents, while very few hogs arebeing killed.There are plenty of good applesin the groceries and fruit beingbrought to the local market is comparatively reasonable in price andgood in quality.. The mad rush forpotatoes is about over, but $1.40Ter bushel is considered cheap forthe tubers in large quantities. Onecould hardly desire more deliciouseatables than the turnips and celeryraised in the city gardens. Thecelery could not be better, beingsmall, tender and white. PumpkinsSTOVES.Get your Gas and.Coal Heaters now,and have them put upready for the coldi days.A. f . WHEELER & CO.I opp. Court House.(oct23-tf)1B6 H5TEACHERS RECEIVE CHECKStNEWS OP WOMEN'S WORKINTERESTING TO CLUBWOMEN.Special Notice.All knitted garments when finishedwill please be returned hereafter toMiss Anna Hutchcraft, 406 Pleasantstreet, and not to Miss Kanah Owens.The office of County Superintendent of Schools Mahel Rohbins wasa popular place with the teachers ofthe county schools Saturday. Theycame in groups of twos and threesand went away with checks for theirsalaries, which they had been delayed in receiving.m is :g3SPECIAL FOR ONE WEEK.For one week only we will cleanlarge white fur sets for $1.50, anddark colored furs for $1.00.ELECTRIC DRY CLEANING CO.(5-tf)The Paris Literary Club will sewat the Red Cross rooms to-morrow(Wednesday.) No army shirts areavailable, but plain sewing has beenarranged for.andwinners, oom irainea ana untrained are sorely needed for surgicaldressings. The room is open on Tuesdays and Fridays with a competentinstructor in charge. Give a fewhours' service. It is more comfortable there than on the firing line.The W, C. T. U., though a smallorganization, has recently completed the following "hit" of work:Nineteen garments for the Frenchbabies, ten army shirts and sixtythree khaki comfort kits, whichhave been sent to the front.OPESEASON ON OPEN GRATESCLAIMS VICTIMS.A ten-year-old daughter of HankThomas, coal operator, was fatallyburned when her clothes caught firefrom an open grate At Ashland. Mr.and' Mrs. Thomas were both badlyburned about the hands while extinguishing the flames.Miss Rebecca Davidson, 17-year-olddaughter of Mr. and Mrs. JesseD. Davidson, narrowly escaped beingfatally burned at her home on Grantstreet, in Danville. Miss Davidsonwas standing before an open grate,and before she realized it her clothing was aflame. She attempted toput out the fire, but was not able todo so, and gave the alarm.. Hermother came from another part ofthe house and with the aid of neighbors, who heard her cries, managedto extinguish the flames. As it wasshe is seriously burned and sufferinga great deal.sfe feB-4FIREInsure WithW.O. HINTON &SON,Agtsfca is teHALF BLOCK IN OIL CITY DESTROYED BY EIRE.yfiiiiiiiiiiiiiniiiiiiiiHMiimiiiiiiiiiniiiiiiiFRANK C& CO.The Reliable Storer?"'XIKRIAVBoth the Progressive Culture Clubnnrl tliA "Paries T.iforarv HlnVi win csnfaside their usual program for Wed-Inesday, Nov. 7th, and unite in hearing a lecture at the court house at2:30 p. m. by Mr. deWagonaire, anative Belgian. He brings us ajmessage from stricken Belgium.No collection is to be taken, but theKentucky Federation of Women'sClubs asks- that every club womanmake a thank offering of the priceof two loves of bread 20 cents.X-1XXI5-10-25 STORETHE STORE OF TO-DAYTo throw the spotlight on any average businessstreet of our country will reveal many averagestores. The store of to-day, however, will always -standalone, even though it be in the group.This is as it should be for modern methods of retailing require that a store should be something morethan a trading place, and the modern demand of the5"and 10c business requires that a Kress store besomething more than just a 5-10 and 25c store.This is just what the Kress store means to any community. A department store in miniature, with aprice limit, gives a definite picture of Kress' Parisstore.INFORMAL OPENING FRIDAYAfternoon 3:00 to 5:30 vEvening 7:30 to 10:00No goods sold during the above hours.Montague's Orchestra will furnish music duringFriday afternoon and evening. Souvenirs will begiven to the ladies.SATURDAY MORNING 8 O'CLOCKOPENING SALE -IN OUR NEW STORE"WATCH KRESS'-WINDOWS?:-:The following chairmen, have beenappointed to take charge of the different departments under the localRed Cross Chepter:Surgical Dresshigs Mrs. ClayHoward.Cutting and Inspection Mrs.Owen Davis.Knitting Miss Ranah Owens.Civilian Relief. Mrs. LizzieWalker.Arniy Shirts Mrs. W. G. Mc-Clintock.Fire of unknown origin, startingin a small tailor shop, destroyed ahalf block of business buildings inOil City, La., Saturday morning.The loss is estimated between $20,000 and $25,00. No connection between the fire and the strike of oilfield workers is apparent. Hundred3of strikers aided the soldiers, onguard duty there as a result of thostrike, in extinguishing the flames.fe IB! 1Fire, Wind and LightningInsurance.Thomas, Woodford & Bryan.P5 151 JE -NEW MANAGEMENT.At the court house and immediately following Mr. de Wagonaire'slecture, Miss Lida Hafford, Inspectorand Assistant Division Manager,will have a message for every womanwho is interested in Red Cross work.Miss Hafford's talk will be bristlingwith information, short and to thepoint. She is to give instruction inthe general plan of work and in thenew garments to be made.Don't fail to hear her: ' 'yBIG LINECOATSJUSTRECEIVEDThe Georgetown News says, regarding the recent change in management of the Lancaster Hotel, inGeorgetown:"Mrs. Coghill, wife of Mr. RichardCoghlll, the well-known groceryman,took charge of the New Lancaster 'Hotel Thursday, succeeding Mrs.Coghill will be assisted by Miss AliceJames, her sister. Mrs. Coghill willcontinue to keep the hotel'to the highstandard set by Mrs. Goggin."WANTED.All kinds of second-hand furniture,stoves, rugs, carpets, old feathers.THE ARK, 204 Main St.,F. B. Thomas, Manager.Cumb. Phone 780.-- (6-lt)PRICES REASONABLECOME IN AND SEEFRANK m CO.1 1 1 1 n 1 1 1 n 1 1 1 n 1 1 1 1 n 1 1 m m 1 1 n m i m n n ! m t.vIII, The Bourbon Art Club will hold itsmonthly meeting with Mrs. Frank!Lowry on Saturday, Nov. 10, at 2:30p. m. The program will be rendered.:'Roll Call . . . '. Art NewsAssyrian and Babylonian Architecture Mrs. Louis RogersThe Palace of Khorsabad....-. Mrs. JoplinThe Ruins, of Nineven .... Mrs. ScottHanging Gardens of Babylon. . Mrs. ArnspargerPersian ArchitectureTomb of Cyrus at Parsargadae, the Ruins of Persepolis Mrs. KerslakeIndea Mrs. "W. B. WoodfordKeep Your Kodak Busy!The Army lives on letters' ' is the way the boys atfront put it And when those longed-for envelopes withthe home town postmark contain pictures of the homefolks and home doings they go far toward making lighterhearts and happier faces.Keep your Kodak busy for the sake of the lads in thetrenches, the boys in camp and on ihipboard. Help keeptoght the bonds between the home and those, who arefighting for that home"DAUGHERTY BROS.FIFTH AND MAM fTt.AS. - X.. A plan has been worked out whereby the organizations of the city mayhave "a fixed day each month for service at the Red Cross rooms.Phone the respective leaders forfurther information:1st Tuesday U. D. C, Mrs. TomMcDonald.2nd Tuesday-r-Woman's Society ofChristian Church Mrs. Custis .Tal-bott.3rd Tuesday C. W. B. M. Mrs.Booth.1st Wednesday Paris LiteraryClub Mrs. W. O. Hinton.2nd Wednesday Episcopal ChurchMrs. Eddie Hinton.3d Wednesday Catholic ChurchMrs. M. J. Lavin.4th Wednesday Woman's BibleClass Christian Church Mrs. Ed.Hedges.1st Thursday Methodist ChurchMrs. Henry Power.2nd Thursday Young Women'sMission Circle Mrs. Chas. May.3rd Thursday W. C. T. U. Mrs.Myall.4 th Thursday Jewish CircleMrs. Wm. Shire.1st Friday Baptist Church Mrs.Walter Clark.2nd Friday Progressive CultureClub Mrs. Amps Turney.3rd Friday Presbyterian ChurchMrs. M. H. Dailey.-1st Saturday D. A. R. Mrs.Charlton Alexander.i fe feNOTICE TO GAS AND ELECTRICCONSUMERS.Owiner to the extreme increase inmil of ourvoperating expenses ijt hasbecome imperative that we conserveevery resource if we continue tomaintain our present prices, v whichWfi hnna in Via aJMa in An -nrltTi vnnrassistance.-;nereror; beginning th the billssent out Tor., 1st, the last discountdayr-will be changed from the 15th ofthe month to. the io'th of th monthand service rwill he discontinued onthe. 20throf 'the month if accbumt isvnot paid by that time., , :T6urs reafctuily, sfcsPARIS GAS BLBCTRKJ CO, ; (Incorporated.) --?''v Copyrijht 1917, A B. JHrschbaum Co.Walsh's Clothes!You'll Like Their Style and value !Suits and OvercoatsBeautiful Fall Styles are now on display throughout our store, and you'll find our windows mighty attractive with new Fall Styles. We are in readiness to be of good service tothe careful dressers of Paris.Walsh's Clothes have threeimportant points you look well dressed when you wearthem; they wear a long time; their price is reasonable. We've kept theprices down andwe've kept the quality. jpThe styles are the very newest, and the fabrics are good looking and long wearing.Come in and let us show you the Military Styles in Trench Coats.Suits and Overcoats.$12.50 to $30.00R. P. WALSH'-v?-Mk nd Seventh ONE PRICE STOREtMM::M..3is5Iv... - "hi,:-&:,mmmmmmmmtMMiiipiiqiMHTUESDAY, NOVEMBER C, 1317.THE BOURBON NWS, PARIS, &iickFOR THE BESTNOTHING ELSETO RECEJVE TURKEYS.We will begin receiving turkeys for theThanksgiving marketon Thursday, Nov. 8,jertana win continue toreceive up to andincluding Thursday,PSov. 15, This early'date for closing ismade necessary bythe congested condition of the railroad.CS. BRENT &5&BR0.is tei JBlPRESH OYSTERS AND CELERYFresh Baltimore oysters and Michigan celery. Our oysters come insealed packages and are kept instrictly sanitary condition.(It) C. P. COOK & CO.J53 E3NEW PATROLMAN.JVIr. Willis Jacoby, of near Hutchison, has been appointed by MayorHinton as a member of the Parispolice force to succeed former Patrolman James Moreland. Mr. Moreland,who recently resigned his position onthe force, is now with the BourbonOil & Development Co. as solicitor."Pa IS feSALE OP EDIBLES.The ladies of the Episcopal.church will have a sale of edibles atG. S. "Varden & Son's drug store, onMain street, on Saturday, November10. They will have a choice assortment to good things to tickle thepalate and ask the patronage of thepublic.)m Hi fti .OUR UNION SUITSThey fit you properly because theyare proportioned properly. Sizes tofit the tall man, the short man andthe regular man $1.50 up.J. W. DAVIS & CO.NEW AUTO OWNERS APPLY PORLICENSES.Among the many applications fromnew owners of autos for license numbers, recorded in the office of theCommissioner of Motor Vehicles atFrankfort last week were the following rom Bourbon county.f.S. Talboft, North Middletown,Ford; G. S. Hanks, Paris, Ford; M.E. McCurdy, Paris, Ford; N. B.Ritchie, Paris, Ford; Branch Boardman, North Middletown, Oakland.fa S fsY. M. C. A. WEEK.November 11-19 will be observedas Y. M. C. A. week in the UnitedStates, and a united effort will bemade to raise $35,000,000. Theministers of all the churches will beasked to open the week with sermonson Sunday, November 11.The District of which Bourbon,county is a part has accepted theapportionment of the amount to beraised, $12,600, and the work willbe -started simultaneously with therest of the State and nation.DO YOUR PEET PERSPIRE? ARETHEY ALWAYS COLD.Wear Dr. Reed's CushionSoleShoes and avoid all this.MITCHELL. & BLAKEMORE(vov2-tf)REELPOOT LAKE PISH.Fresh caught Reelfoot Lake fishreceived fresh this week. Place yourorder early. We dress them free ofcharge.MARGOLEN'S SANITARY MEATMARKET. . (6-2t)"Hi BS "PSTHE WEATHER.The weather forecast for week beginning Sunday, Nov. 4, as sent outby the TJ. S. Bureau, is as follows:For Ohio Valley and Tennessee:Fair with somewhat higher temperatures early days.Two of the finest days of the present season, Sunday and Monday, succeeded a period of uncertainty,gloomy and cold weather. The idealweather brought out large crowdsSunday, who spent most of the day inthe open. With such delightfulweather as this section is now experimenting, we could all be Christians. to to toHAFDSC ' KPHMENT JO AHOME INDUSTRY.At a recent meeting of the So.cletyof Kentucky Women in New YorkCity, a motion was put and carried ( homa. !by a unanimous vote, ordering the: Fitzpatrick is now in the printingpurchase of sixty pounds of the fa-J 1 department of The Oklahoma, also amous candies made by Miss Holla-' member of a gun crew, while Penday's Candy Store in Paris. nington is rated as . first-classIt is the intention of the Society, ships' fitter, as an expert mechanic,which is composed of Kentucky The boys enjoy the life which theywomen, residents in New York City, J say agrees with them. Titzpatrickto give the candy, in assorted lots,S personal appearance bears ample tesas prizes at a charity bridge party timony to that fact,to be givea ia New York on Not. 13. Fitz, after spending his furloughThe proceed will b deroted to pur- wltk frUads amd relatives in Parischase of aray Mamkete for uae of and Cynthiana, will return to portth Dr. Barrow Base Hoapltal No. omewhere on tti Atlantic Coast"4t wfeft tfcat ottiifttIoa goesQTirnix W tk 4W4 of actlrtti inSOCIAL AND PERSONAL.Comings and Goings of OurPeople Here, There andElsewhere.Squire L. J. Fretwell will leavethis week for Fort Myers, Florida-,to spend the winter.Miss Gertrude Smoot has returned from a visit to Mr. and MrsTWm. Howard, Sr., in Richmond.Mr. Edward C. Nippert is herefrom St. Petersburg, Florida, as aguest of- his brother, Mr. Phil Nip-Mrs. Carl Crawford will leavethis week for St. Petersburg, Fla.,where she will take charge of aJarge hotel,Mrs. Cornelia Stone has returnedto her home in Versailles after a visitto Mrs. Henry A. Power and MissMary Bashford.Mr. Hugh Ferguson attended acollege reunion at Danville, Friday,and witnessed the big football gamethere Saturday.Prof. E. T. Proctor, Principal ofthe Paris High School, attended acollege fraternity "smoker" in Lexington, Friday night.Mrs. J. P. Depton has returnedto her home in Houston, Texas, aftera visit to her niece, Mrs. W. K.Griffin, on Cypress street.Mr. and Mrs. Wv H. Harris, ofLexington, formerly of Paris, wereguests Sunday of Mr. and Mrs. E. M.Dickson, on Stoner avenue.Mrs. Murray Horton and twointeresting little daughters, of Cincinnati, are guests of Mrs. J. V.Lytle and other relatives in Paris.Messrs. John and Janies Welshand Misses Anna and Mary Welshhave returned from a visit to Mr.Frank Tamme and family, nearDanville.Miss Sarah Hanson, formerlyof this city, who rerfently underwenta surgical operation at the GoodSamaritan Hospital, in Lexington, isimproving.Mrs. Charles Spillman has returned to her home in Harrodsburg,after a visit to her sister, Miss EllaJoplin, and Dr. W. T. Brooks, onDuncan avenue.Messrs. James Rogers Cook,Lonnie Graves and Sterling King, allof Paris, attended a Hallowe'en partygiven in Lexington last, week byMattie Frances Self and Antonia Isabelle Schwartz.Mr. and Mrs. John J. Redmon,of North Middletown, will leave thismorning for Louisville, where theywill be guests of Mr. Redmon's niece,Mrs. Thomas Helm Minary, and Mr.Minary, at their home on Secondstreet.Messrs. Paul Brannon, JamesCain and Merritt Slicer, -fromCamp Zachary Taylor, near Louisville, and Richard Huffman, from Ft.Benj. Harrison, near Indianapolis,spent from Saturday to Monday InParis as guests of relatives andfriends.Rev. W. E. Ellis and Mrs. J. D.Booth have returned from KansasCity, Mo., where they went as dele-grates from the Paris Christianchurch to the International Convention of the Christian church. Rev.Ellis occupied his pulpit at bothmorning and evening services Sunday. The Bourbon county contingentwhich has been on the big ranche ofE. F. Spears & Sons, lu Canada, havereturned home to remain during thewinter. Among the latest arrivalswere Mr. and Mrs. Willis, LeeDeaver, Jack Butler, Will Hill andWm. Hudnall. Several who stoppedover at Chicago en route, will arriveto-day.Mrs. Henry Boardman, motherof Mrs. J. U. Boardman, of Paris, andElmer Boardman, of Little Rock, isseriously ill of pneumonia at thehome of her daughter, Mrs. P. L. McClure, near Little Rock. On accountof her advanced age, eighty-eight,grave fears are entertained for herrecovery. Mrs. Boardmau is one ofthe oldest as well as one of the bestbeloved women in Bourbon county.(Other Personals on Page 3)tsi te feHOUSEKEEPERS, DON'T OVERLOOK FARMERS SUPPLY COMPANY'S PRICES.Housekeepers, we can save youmbney on flour, meal, sugar, lard,potatoes, apples, hams, bacon, syrup,dried peaches, soap, 'coffee, beans,rice, canned peaches, hominy, stoves,etc.. FARMERS SUPPLY COMPANY.to to fc3PARIS "JACK TAR" BACK HOMEON IJJRLOUGH.After an absence from Paris ofeight months, during which time hehas been in the U. S. -Navy service,at present on the U. S. S. Oklahoma,Mr. Edward Fitzpatrick arrived inParis, Saturday night on an eightdays furlough.Mr. Fitzpatrick, who was an employe of THE NEWS at the time ofhis enlistment, in company withEdward Doty and W. O. Pennington,both 'of Paris, entered the trainingstation ajt Norfolk, Va., from wherethey were sent to ships, Doty beingassigned to the Nevada, and Fitzpat-rick and Penningtonto the Okla-- to rJl mk anipana De reaay iortl iall to 4uty wktm'it coatee croiPORMER PARISIAN ARRIVES TORECUPERATE AT OLD HOMEMr. Sherman H. Stivers, for manyyears Paris correspondent of the Lexington Herald, later editor of theBlue Grass Farmer edition of theHerald, and at present connectedwith the publicity department of aprominent proprietary medicine company, is in Lexington convalescingfrom a recent illness.Mr. Stivers, who has been travelingthrough the North in the interest ofhis company, was taken seriously 111while in Guelph, Canada, and was removed to the Guelph Hospital, wherehe remained under treatment untila few days ago, when he was discharged as a convalescent.Mr. Stivers will visit relatives inParis and Lexington until he is entirely recovered,, when he will makea trip to the Pacific Coast on businessfor the company he represents.fe to toBUSINESS IS UNUSUAL.We anticipated this record business long ago, and are splendidly prepared with unsual stocks and are giving our customers the advantage ofthe prices we bought them at.J. W. DAVIS & CO.to to toLOOK OVER THIS LIST A SHOPTHAT'LL SAVE YOU MONEY . .Binder twine, axes, saws, hatchets,hammers, stoves, stove pipe, harnessof all kinds, saddles, collars, all kindsof wire fence, nails, staples, wagons,tarpaulins, auto and buggy rugs,buggy storm fronts, horse blankets,grindstones, steel traps, corn cribwire. A full line of shot guns andrifles at a 20 per cent, saving. Whitepowder shells 85c per box; blackpowder shells 70c per box; blackpowder shells, 70 c. Sole leather,shoe lasts, auto tires, wrenches, oiland accessories, cream separators,churns, milk cans. Black Roof Paint30c to 60c per gallon. A full line ofSimmons' House Paint, guaranteed tobe the best, at about 10 per cent.savin g.FARMERS SUPPLY COMPANY."ON THE PRONT PAGE."A recent issue of The WeekilyBulletin, the official organ of theKentucky Sunday School Association,prints on the front page of the covera good half-tone cut of Prof. Thos.A. Hendricks, Superintendent of theParis Public Schools.Prof. Hendricks, tvho is not onlyone of the ablest educators in theState, but one of the most enthusiastic Sunday School workers, was recently elected President of the Kentucky State Bible School Association,an honor most worthily bestowedupon a most worthy man.New Blacksmith Shop !We have opened our new shop on.High street, next to Flanagan's stable, between? Seventh -and Eighthstreets, and are ready to do all kindsof blacksmith work. Horseshoeing aspecialty. Patronage solicited.J. C. FIGHTMASTER,L. L. HARP.(nov 6-3t-T)THE FAIRAn enormous stock of Enameled Ware, Plates, Cups andSaucers and everything pertaining to housekeepers7 needs,on which we are makingSPECIAL LOW PRICESFor Friday and Saturday.Must have room for our enormous stock of Holiday Goods.THE FAIRMARGOLEN'S. SPECIALSFor This WeekBest Round Steakand Loin Steak 9eper pound DCBest Sliced Break"fast Bacon a1per pound wuBest HeadRice10c25c25c25cper poundRolled Oats3 packags for. . .Spaghetti6 packages for.Macaroni6 packages for.MflRGOLENS,...- .SiaitarTIlk m jSL 'mJmnirail InV lfill llv ! ;iWill offer a number of new smart moldels in Broadcloth, Silvertone and Wool Velour, regular $37.50 and -$45.00 values, atlDresses of Crepe de Chene, Crepe Metor and Georgette Crepe, reg- (M Q 7Cular $35.00 values, at pl7. 1 DAt Greatlv Reduced Prices' IOur buyer has just return ud from New York and we arereceiving daily her purchases of the latest Suits, Coats,Dresses, Waists and Millinery.HARRY SIMONMAIN STREETLEXINGTON, KY.JoinHI CM Rill$19 m - . . , r -v taHOTJust a Few Plaices Left!Join the Club To-day!THI J.T flIITQS CO.MQTi)&agARS&.XA GreatSpecialOFWOMEN'SREADY-TO-WEAR-For Thursday. Friday and Saturday ISuitsOne group ofoMillinerjrOne Price To AllAgent For Munsing Wear and Warner's RustOur McDougallWe Have Only a Few Places Left !and $1-00 Per WeekPuts One In Your Home-JIQTORWVAUB COAEH-rjSale$25.00 ISerge Dresses, also combinations of Satin and Serge, djl HEregular $25.00 values, at $ 1 t I O tMA,NSTREETPARIS, KY.Proof Corsets.And you get thebest Kitchen Cabi?netfmade when yonget the -McDougallAnd the McDimgalis the only KitchenCabinet made thathas theAUTODISAPPEARINGFRONT4JHKRTAKW6$1i)i!-IW fr-f"isw ji iMwsv - .- -. , . f. , - -s- H-r--.A"V.-r' -s--7'V TV-fZim -.VVje'-i,-"" jf--; -vti. cra:- "- J- f-r i't.l'5 .rf't' - - . r -S VVk 'e J ' - - I' i . 'VT5!f- T- X - " -THE BOURBON NWS, PAWS, Wtiv ----. - 3Tvmpxr, NOviiiBMt I, isij?S?Sioo bewabd $100The readers of this paper will bepleased to learn that there is at leaste dread disease that science hasen able to cure in all its stages andthat is catarrh. Catarrh being greatly influenced by constitutional conditions requires constitutional treatKent. Hall's Catarrh Medicine istaken internally and acts throughthe blood on the Mucous Surfaces ofthe System thereby destroying thefoundation of the disease, giving thepatient strength by building up theconstitution and assisting nature indoing its work. The proprietors have"So ffiueh faith in the curative powersof Hall's Catarrh Medicine that theyoffer One Hundred Dollars for anycase that it fails to cure. Send forJist of testimonials."Address F. J. CHENEY & CO.,Toledo, Ohio. Sold by all Druggists.75 cents, ' " 'f "" w (nov-addv)' m in mkrs. Occy Wattles has forgottenhow many blocks it is from homeover to her sister's. All she remembers now is that it is two row3there on a knit sweater and fourrows on a scarf.TO WEAR INTHE BOUDOIRSOME IDEAS FOCHEISTMAS.THE PATENT - LEATHER BELTTaught by Government to Preserve Foods,Girl' Scouts Will Now Teach OthersProfessional Cards.WM. GRANNANAttorney-at-LawROOMS 401-402.FIRST NAT'L BANK BUILDINGNEW YORK, Nov. 6, 1917.New York is so full of a numberof thing things odd and interestingin the way of trimmings, silhouettesand materials that one has to hevery, careful about saying "this isthe style" or .-ifflSlworn," Indeed, one may war whatone pleases, in the way one pleases.There are short skirts and longskirts, full skirts and narrow skirts,I draped skirts and straight skirts,iand the variety in waists, sleevesi and all other parts of the costume isjust as great. It is for you toi choose; decide what is most becoming and wear it!Patent-Leather Belts.The dress of dark serge or gabardine, the every-day dress of the particular person, is receiving a greatdeal of attention this year. It issimple, of course, almost lacking intrimming, but the details are per-- DR. WM. KENNEYEye, Ear, Nose and Throat.ROOMS 403-404.FIRST NAT'L BANK BUILDING.PHONE 136." AyCAHAL BROS.BARBER SHOPhr8M?if WMliMPrompt and Courteous Attention toPatrona.HOT AND COLD BATHS.PILES! PILES! PILES!WUJAMy INDIAN PILE OINTMENTWin cmre Blind, Bleeding and ItcUag Pile.It bork tke tumors, allays itching at once,acta poultice, gives inetant relief.9er salt y all druggist, uall SOe and ttOQ.MLMMS MFfeCfc, PtaptCfevclMtf, 0OSERDORFER. The DruggisttfsreMaJcesnr.Mi vprcj -rJViMMAf .-? BMP IW II ZZSH. jkt3D: M-' l llTHERE'S a heap of joyin a ton of good coal.Your stove or furnacewon't have much troublefrom extracting comfortfrom a ton of coal if youbuy it from us. Our rapiddelivery will please you.W. C. D0DS0NSouth Main St.The Home of Good CoalIL hrf?KfAMm ItJ Alr. j" hi'- ' 4Simplicity and Daintinessfeet. One of the small touches thatseems to add so much Is the belt ofpatent leather. Sometimes this isquite narrow, from an Inch to twoin width, and is placed slightly(above the natural waistline. Wide! belts, too, are very popular. Oneunusual dress of tan serge had awhite-leather belt nearly four incheswide, with tjie buckle fastening onthe side instead of the front. Dresses,high waisted, long waisted or regulation waisted, seem to demand thesebelts.? -Ideas For Leisure HoursThis is the time of year whenone's thoughts turn naturally to thecostumes worn in the house. Perhaps it is the contrast between the.wonderful weather we are havingand the cold wet days to come, asort of forethought or a warning.Negligees and house dresses are ofindividual dressing, and even themost matter-of-fact housewife gloriesin Tier dainty lounging robe, whenshe can relax and forget the odd?and ends necessary to keep thewheels of housekeeping runningsmoothly.Daintiness and simplicity are thefirst essentials; next comes appropriteness, for it is ridiculous to wearthin silks, satins or dimities whenone needs a warm woolen bathrobe.Illustrated here is an ideal loung-It Saves GasThe economy alone of thisDETROIT JEWEL"SPECIAL"GAS RANGEMakes it unusually desirable.Better baking, greater conveniences, extreme cleanlinessand durability make it unbetterable at any price.On Sale This Week at Only $40.00A Special Representative From the Factory Will Be' Here October 29, 39, 31.liiasHKsBHssHn '-llll iil.w.VW-(xiyflN;l.,.. t r M.I.. ,i xii vf- - u " iSBs x BBBBBBBS m99Bs2v BBBBBBskk' BBBBBBBBBHBBmIP VBBBkul ?BfejF 4 'BBBPI -'"' v'BBBBVsr-- a9EBvBFA.BSbSi ?? BlW vSw I " SPI 9B9PMFSSBBTlfaMSi ?$ ''YsW 3L ? ? -.r V. cw 'W V f BmiS' IbSJ xXs-.v' St wL. "' Vjt $. V. A v s- $ i3bJl&v BwB J&&ife.- iV'.? v.;&.r. ws . .,' If j, v V. ijCr XOC-1-. . ..N. " -fr " i?S5 JCi-...B . -Ofrl ' X i a' V S S C X V' fiS f 1 " Jb - N Vvi"vy aS X L ws . 31' v. OV 95 V J Jag. rvrSiJiSlv sUj-ZZ' v1BSSSSHH '."-U. . s - -bv Jf . , A .vflsftS .1 1K.1-1 -'s'' x- 'j, '-'f' ' ' ? 1? , iSfirrn' 1, v v:"' 'n? JSBsnBSBlL''-' 1fc M iiPM K i' NWyaVTyWOOawMMWWBflflBaattMBBBBBttS 1vfeSQyjp rSJWhen the Department of Agriculture began to consider jthe economic problems that the world war has created in Europe, its officials brought the problemhome and began to solve it. One of the first undertakings was a publicity campaign urging people to conserve the food supply principally the supply thatcomes from home gardens and orchards. Then, in order to make the campaigneffective, young women were trained to teach others the art of canning andpreserving. These young women, members of the Girl Scouts, are graduatesof the school. They are Josephine Child, Ruth Colman, Mrs. H. A. Colman,head of -the Washington Girl Scouts, and Agnes McElroy. They are alreadyengaged in field work and are teaching other Girl Scouts how to preserve anacan foods for the winter.. BOOTBLACK BUYS 30HD. ."I'll back Uncle Sam to the lastdollar," said Theo. D. Bacos, Greekproprietor of a shoe shining parlor inthe Lindsay Block on St. Clair street,in Frankfort, when the Liberty LoanLegion called on him. He subscribed$500 and he said 'that he will putup another $500 if it is needed.Bacos has been in America fiveyears. "It's the greatest country iathe world. I am going to get all mrfamily over here' he said. "America's been good to me, and I'm forAmerica."He has been in Frankforteighteen months.aboutSecretary Baker predicts Genaanretreat in France and Flanders. "Wetrust that the Secretary is a prophet.lp- Jzstsneove dress depends4on correct iaiermation10 numbers for $2X0(11 if you act prorapt1 ) including:Winter FashionsVanity NumberChristmas. GiftsNumberHoliday NumberLingerie NumberMotor NumberForecast of SpringFashion 9Spring Millinery EtcMad coupon toduygives you absolutely reliable forecastsfashions, with full illustrations charming.rr1nctv listen S3 OO intMt t-t in "Vom'r''Published twice a monthof the season'smodels ofWill Cvjou from costly mistakes.Special offer, send no money nowVogue,19 West 44th St., N. Y. City.Send me 10 numbers of Vogue beginning with theNov. 15 number at special $2.00 rate. Ji this coupon isreceived in time, I understand you will also send mecomplimentary copy cf No. 1 (Winter Fashions Number). .AfeName - .........TAddress 1City MaleP.P.L.-..ing costume, and it depends on itsdesign and the material used for itsbeauty as it is absolutely withoutany trimming but the tiny ruffles ofthe same material. The large pocketsgive a touch of practicality, not outof place; and the "loose fit insurescomfortNovel TBoudoir CapsLiberty in the Boudoir! It soundslige the title of some exciting play,does it not? In reality it is the newest model of the boudoir cap. Shapedlike the French liberty cap, it maybe allover lace, of soft satin or anyof the other fascinating materialssuitable for these dainty affairs.Dutch caps are very popular, and another odd design is the ca shapedlike the hat of a Chinese coolie.There is nothing more welcome tothe average woman than one of thesebecoming trifles, and they makewonderful Christmas gifts. Add asacque of pink crepe de Chine trimmed with ruffles of fine Valencinneslace and chiffon roses in the samedelicate shade of pink, and you become a Fairy Godmother of Christmas gifts! Then there are untoldways of making the boudoir slipper.From the half slipper or mule to thecomfy knitted ones of various colors, there is a wide choice.The Ever-Popular House DressWhole volumes could,be devoted tothe house dress, for that7" is onecostume that should be so perfectlypractical and suitable that one couldforget all. about it. Trim and neat,ALLCHILDREN LOVE"SYRUP OF FIGS" FORLIVER AND BOWELS.Give It When Feverish, Cross,ious, For Bad-Breath orSour Stomach.Bil-TUfc, -b-j m m nmp-, ci""Main Stre-ppfoite; Court HouseBdTHPHdNl- -&.r rnTIill ! ill111 M -MrMcCali; V MYLook at the tongue, mother! Ifcoated, it is a sure sign that yourlittle one's stomach, liver and bowelsneed a gentle, thorough cleansing atonce.When peevish, cross, listless, pale,doesnt' sleep, doesn't eat or act naturally, or is feverish, stomach sour,breath bad; has stomach-ache, sorethroat, diarrhoea, full of cold, give ateaspoonful of "California Syrup ofFigs," and in a few hours all the foodand sour bile gently moves out of itslittle bowels without griping, andyou have a well, playful child again.You needn't coax sick children vtake this harmless 'fruit laxative;"they love its delicious taste, and italways makes them feel splendid.Ask your druggisc for a bottle of"California Syrup of Figs," whichhas directions for babies, children of.all ages and for grown-ups plainlyprinted on the bottle. Beware ofcounterfeits sold here. To be surayou get the genuine, ask to see thatit is made by "California FigSyrupCompany." Refuse any other kindwith contempt. (adv)JES TS 1SJaUIT SAVING PENNIES, THRIFTYCHILDREN URGED.A MAN AND HIS WIFEmay both derive saiisfactionby having their worn and soiledgarments cleaned by usv Thecost is rjDiiinil, while the pleasure of wearing old clothes thathave the appearance of new, in.conjunction with the knowledgethat you are effecting a greatving, must surely satisfy you.A phone brings us.LEVY, THE DRY CLEANERCumberland Phone 40 , Home Phone 169 2A Modish House Dressmade so that it can readily be laundered, it is the uniform of the efllcient woman. Large pockets are anecessity, packets that will holuthings bulky or small' and not puton simply "for ornamentation. Thefewer fastenings the better, for thisis a dress often donned in hurry.The one illustrated here shows anattractive and effective use of striped material. The collar, cuffs andbelt are of white pique or linen, andthe dress is of blue striped percale.There is- fulness without bulk, andthe arrangement of the pockets ismost unusual and can be copied onthe dress for other occasions: Madeof wool materials, serge, gabardineor the new French, worstedrthls design would, compete with the smartest dress in one's jrarirobe.Accord!Although the mint at Denver, Col.,has been turning out 350,000 penniesdaily for" some time, the need forsmall change is so great that Postmaster B. F. Stapleton issued an appeal to children to convert theirpenny savings into -large coins. Themint will increase its daily pennyoutput to 600,000. Ife Is fe IYour TelephoneMoneyMakerIIf busy farmers, who are sellimr their stock and nro-duce at good prices, were to be deprived of their telephone, they would readily place the value of the instrument at anywhere from $5.00 to $35.00 a day.You will find the secret of the prosperous farmer's,successs lies in hts prompt telephone communication withthe local and city markets.Our new Directory will go to press soon and it is ourendeavor to supply you continuously good telephone service day and night Our rates are reasonable.Paris Home Telephone S Telegraph Go.J. J. VEATCH,District Manager.(Incorporated)W. H. CANNON,Local Manager.WIFE ENTERTAINS TOO MUCH;SUES FOR DIVORCE.In his divorce complaint filed inthe Bartholomew Circuit Court at.Columbus, Ohio, Charles Bohannonalleges that his wife, Mary Bohan-jnon, entertains so mucn company oinights that he was unable to sleepand his lack of sleep made "him unfitfor his work. ,m M 1The time has come to quit telling (the other fellow to do something but,go and do it yourself.G. W. DAVISFuneral Director -, Corntr Fifth and Ptasant Struts, Paris, Ky.Day PhdiNfs 137 Night Phonts 299 ar 99$Automobile Ambulance Automobile HearseUndertakingOur Wintoh'-Six Automobile Ambulance with Johnson &'Johnson First Aid Equipment and the Lungmotor (recentlysecured by us at great expense) a resuscitating device for'those apparently dead from drowning, gas poisoning, electricshock, collapse from anaesthasia, etc., always ready for service, uai urc iNiiinx. jrnone us immediately whenaccident occurs.anto thi iMM7 the -Miteat! FMi utilUIH"J 2"JMlww .oiitiwir haa. It u trust that'fcJMfty sttft caaajto oTrigtatigg5n' ? "REAL ECONOMYMeans Buy Your Winter Supply" of Necessary Clotliing Now.When the time comes for us to replenish our stockprices will be greatly advanced. Present prices TonMen's and Boys' Suits, Overcoats, Underwear, Shoes,- Etc., are very reasonable at our store.lonapie aiLET US HELP YOU SAVEtttm -Br i-W mm.3s- J? "- 4'"-r-fayajio. .. "aj.rti5 ififgH JLuI g-U.ti? fftjr .. rrt- Bom, . u(w mtwtrn -tt V.M ejijicU far. a s ,c3fivs. Ak i '- ii i ,35.1,1. t A-rZJL. AlM.t-L jta. Ma ,,.C3 !?'.JT-jtlOffMfflirw. -. - pmm1 --'i'rLr wiip rzm3MM- bbsMMBV& 3Ct r t Ja aVaW Hffl' im'&rSa VA-TlrJimmmmmmmmmmm&mmmt - - - ' 1- 8pt- .- .mrrwmtmiMBv1 mmmSTtMACH ACTS TOT! J ' 'HO UOIGEftTIOff, GAS,HEiLRTBraiT, ACIDITY'Tate's. Diapepfin" Kxes Sick,Sour, Upset Stomachs in"Five Minutes.Tou don't want a slow remedywhen your stomach is bad or an uncertain one or a harmful one or anuncertain one or a harmful oneyour siomacu is loo vaiuaDie; youmustn't injure it with drastic drugs.Pape's Diapepsin is noted for itsspeed in giving relief; its harmlessness; its certain, unfailing action inregulating sick, sour, gassy stomachs.It's quick relief in indigestion, dyspepsia and gastritis, when caused by Iacidity, has made it famous the worldover.Keep this wonderful stomach sweetener in your home keep it handyget a large fifty-cent case from anydrug store and then if anyone shouldeat something which doesn't agreewith them; if what they eat lays likelead, ferments and sours and formsgas; causes headache, dizziness andnausea; eructations of acid and undigested food remember as soon asPape's Diapepsin comes in -contactwith the stomach it helps to neutralize the excessive acidity, then all thestomach distress caused byt it disappears. Its promptness, certainty andease in overcoming such stomachdisorders is a revelation to those whotry it. I (adv)ts Pa isUNCLE SAM WANTS SEVERAL"TYPEWMTERISTS."Immediate steps will be taken byPalis civil service officials to round,up all stray typewriter operators andstenographers who are "at liberty,"or who would like a change fromtheir present positions, to go to"Washington and work for Uncle Samin the departments engaged in carrying out the great war work program. Ten thousand operators andstenographers are needed at once.Entrance salaries range from $1,000 to ,$1,200 per year, according tothe efficiency of the applicants, Mr.TY"m. Claik, local civil service secretary, said, with an opportunity forreasonably rapid promotion for thosewhose services prove satisfactory.ZIr. Clark added that while examinations are now being held weekly inmany different parts of the country,arrangements can easily be made tohold a test at any accessible placeand at any time where a small classof applicants can be had.The Civil Service Commission atWashington has notified each of its3,000 examination Boards that theyshould put forth their -very best efforts to secure these urgently neededworkers, as early as possible. It isunderstood that when an applicantis passed "he or she will be sent immediately to Washington and assigned to one of the government departments. Both men and women areeligible for examination.Any Paris operators or stenographers to whom, the proposition appeals can secure any information desired from Mr. Wm. Clark at the Federal building.ULAtefc UUEIELE VENTED TO GfcOW OLDG&ACrJFOUV SO HE BEGAN UFE KNEW KT 65-AMD UNDERTOOK TO SEE WMAT HE TO MISSEDIN WS YOUTHVfcgLBWH-OF INTEREST TO ATITOISTSTire neglect in winter is responsible frequently for absolutely unnecessary purchases in the springtimeand inasmuch as economy is nowforemost in the minds of all motorists, the millionaire as well as flivverowner, the B. F. Goodrich RubberCompany gives the following suggestions for tire care during the wintermonths:"Tires should be removed fromwheels and outside of the castingswashed with soap and water to remove all traces of oil. Injuries shouldbe looked for; repairs made if anyare needed. The tires should be laidfiat in a cool, dark room after beingwrapped in clean cloths or preferablyblack paper."Tubes should be taken out of castings, slightly inflated and also laidflat in a cool, dark place with noweight on them."If the tires are not removed fromthe wheels, jack up the car, leavingonly enough air in the castings tckeep the tire tight and in shape.Cars chould not be left for any considerable period of time withoutjacking up the wheels as the prolonged strain on the tires tends to stretchthem and develop weak places intheir structure."The Liberty Loantop way over.went over theY IH!& aHt B mm mlmWmmmm aLm -Finishing a Telephone TalkIt is always good practice to closeyour telephone talk by saying "goodbye." If you hang up the receiver without "doing so, the party to whom you aretalking may continue to talk or at leastremain at the telephone, wasting histime and keeping the line from beingused by somebody else.The "good-bye" at the end of atelephone talk is an infallible signal tohang up the receiver without delay itterminates the telephone talk graciously,and effectively. : .When you telephone smile ! -CUMBERLAND TELEPHONEAND TELEGRAPH COMPANYIncorporatedBOX 122, FRANKFORT, KY.-rv? jfmJAPANESE ENVOY PRAISES THEAMERICAN NEWSPAPER.Newspapers of the United Stateswere praised for their loyalty to thegovernment in an address by BaronMegata, head of the Japanese mission in this country, at a luncheonof the Japan Society of America atSan Francisco. However, some papersin both Japan and the United Stateshave lent themselves, probably unconsciously, to unfriendly propaganda, he said. He urged a better undestanding" between the countries.isi Ps lotCAN'T OWN CATS.A recent novel decision of the Department of Justice relates to thelegal status of the cat. The inquirerwished to know if a cat can legallybe considered property. The Attorney General's office, after ascertaining from the Century Dictionary thata cat is "a digitgrade, carnivorousquadruped of the family Felidae,"and also "a gossipy, meddlesomewoman given to scandal and" intrigue," replied that assuming the former type of cat to be in question, acat is an article of 'property only inConnecticut. In other States a dog,deer or corpse may be property, butso far the court records seem to havepractically ignored the cat. In viewof certain kinds of cats being considered of decided value by their owners, the Attorney General is of theopinion that in the future the catwill be given the right by the courtsto be considered property.WRITE ON ONE SIDE OP PAPERONLY.THE NEWS desires to again admonish contributors to its columns towrite on one side of the paper only.This applies to advertisers' copy, aswell as the news articles.It has been mentioned so often inprint that "copy" for newspapersshould be written- on one side of thepaper only, tliat it was supposed everybody knew the rule. The rule isso well established in newspaperoffices that no one ever 'thinks oflooking on the reverse side of a sheetunless the .word "over" appears atthe bottom to call attention to it.But the safest and only way is towrite on one side only. Observanceof this rule will do away with muchannoyance, and possibly loss on bothsides.T9J S IS!AS TO THE INCOME TAX.F. O. B. DETROITThere are visions now and then in business and industry.The Maxwell motor car is a wonderfulvision that has been made real.The fixed purpose of the Maxwell builderswas in the beginning, and is now, to produce acar which would be, in the highest sense, efficient, durable, economical, comfortable andstandard in equipment.Many years experience in production on avast scale has taught the Maxwell manufacturers two things.One is that such a car as they have alwaysmade their aim a car in which efficiency,durability, economy, comfort, beauty andstandard equipment are all present cannotbe built for less than $745, with materials attheir present prices.The other lesson is that, for more than$745, they could not give you anything morethan the Maxwell now has except greatersize or luxuries, pure and simple.In other words, they are convinced andthey have convinced us that they have foundthe great MIDDLE LINE where you get dollarfor dollar in ABSOLUTE VALUE.A. V. DOUGLASHigh St.,Near Eighth Paris, Kentuckyfe:i4lew-7 4&CAMOUFLAGE.In the practice of war time "camouflage" man is learning to emulatenature in devising color schemesthat are inconspicuous. Just as thespotted coat of the leopard, whichseems so striking in a cage, blendswith the dappling of sunlight andshadow in the jungle, so a new wayof painting ships with spots makesthem almost invisible against thecontrasted lights and shadows of atossing sea.You Don't Have toStoopIf You Use aGarlandCabinetRange,- -ZJC-. XX-f IT Jt T ri,rIndividuals having net incomessubject to tax for this year, are notrequired to file returns.for the yearuntil between January and March ofnext year, according to a statementprepared and made public by Collector of Internal Revenue Haley, ofLexington, for the purpose of corrrecting erroneous reports which havebecome current in Lexington andother points. Mr. Haley says: "Individuals having net incomes subjectto tax for the year of 1917 are notrequired to file returns for the yearending December 31, 1917, until atsome period between January 1,1918, and March 1, 1918."NEW CONCRETE HOUSE.Concrete as a building materialgoes through many forms and phases.Not long" ago interest was centeredon Mr. Edison's proposal that concrete houses could be built very rapidly and cheaply by pouring the material into standard-moulds. A laterdevelopment consists in building th?concrete house by moulding theconcrete into planks and joists,and using them in much the sameway as wooden planks. It is saidf Vifa Tiics maf TirA 4e loco ovTOTiGivckUXX&VU tlltg lilbliVU AJ 1UJk VALUAAUAI 1 . . fl ( j .-..than the block system. The "planks" PW- om m ana ,OOK mm OYr'aie re-enforced with steel wire, andj- i o l"1! . fthe floor joists w'ith steel bars. The PaflS UftS & fclCCulC CO.jJiujeuLing ua.it) cue uscu iu iuuk. tut;parts together, instead of nails. 'THEBeautiful - Gulf - Coast!Gulf port, Miss."imississippi is a iana or romance , it is a nne breeze one gets at most- -andinteresting history, and she has, any-day of the year, when aboardfurnished some famous men who have that electric line that runs alorig th " 3had spectacular careers. Mississippi very waters edge. The golf links, ""was found by old world explorers few miles east of Gulfport are an atto have a fine climate and many fas- j traction on this line; also the MiUcinations. Two centuries ago .De-,tary Academy and beautiful BeauSoto, Joliet, Marauette, Iberville, voir, that was once tbe home ofBienville and'LaSalle had a "vision" Jefferson Davis, and which is now aof the civilization of Mississippi of harbor for the Confederate Veteran " "to-day. Mississippi has had one hun- o'f the South. -dred years of statehood and she ex-1 If, while sojourning at Gulfport,pects to celebrate her centennial you are weary of golfing or boating;near Gulfport in 1919. (why then in the moonlit nights orAt Gulfport is a railway pier ex- dark nights you can go searchingL for ' 'tending one mile into the Mississippi "flounders" when the tide is out. "Sound. It gives dockage facilities to It is a picturesque sight to seermVLiforeign vessels and makes the harbor . and women, who live along the shor- 'jSa gateway to the interior of the ' who often at night are thus engaged, -State, and south to the Panama By the aid of the light of thlrr, TCanal region- Gulfport is thus fam- torches they eniov this snort. tf - -ea, together with its land connections doubt many fined it analong the line of the Louisville & pastime.Nashville Railroad for its access!-! Gulfport is a cominj? city of sojmbility from and to all points north, size. Strangers are cordially wI-vcome either to visit for a tlm or, to "add their interest to that of lajuiyothers who come for the attraction -andwell-being she offers to all wkomay wish to share them with hwr. - sCarlyle Porter.Gulfport Is one of the attractive resorts located on the beautiful Gulfhostlery. Gulfport Is on the beau- Coast and reached by the superb eteeltiful shell road also, that extends for passenger trains of the "miles along the edge of the Sound. - CsLLOUISVILLE & NASHVILLE RAILROAD "economic, ,J-?!. -wfsouth, east and west.The city of Gulfport has attractivehomes, fine churches and schools, andan aggressive, wide-awake people.She has also about her fruit landsand garden, spots for the settler fromthe north. She has in her GreatSouthern Hotel a-Hne up-to-dateA beautiful line of Garlands on die(Incorporated),KmMrMy!mmm!mmwiAujnmeVEA Legally GUARANTEED CUREThink at it-.MivFanner.herc's aiemedv for hour nhnUn JE 'that is sold under a "Legal Guarantee Bond." How r !:can you afford tb take chances asrafnst hojr cholera ftkdJUaiXwueu uh van get inis remeay oasncn tennsf - mnvnaBourbon Hon fsiosera Ramrfv1h the only ""HoxJy rpnt up tkat isguaramteert to cure ap d prevent boc dbefem.nuciiatttraagKuaraatee. Quarts SL50. Gallon 3 0. JLtAAttirarrif BOUHBON REMFDY COMPANY. LesiMo. r.. CtitfMKwrfrvV 'l ' T;llX Xj &3& -C- j M-Clf :"A h&XZ ?-?& :Z&tikfW&?!M&J" - Jts7&ZF3, -? r , rmT&FsZZ? &-?&&: lrtt..v.-:1t3KT4'- .rSr. rr&Or- . - . i z w-? iSrjTrit yz. i"? sstt -- - l "xtwssr-w -.? j!-- .tfcsBe .. 5 TT---jtasssrsij,T--Ci- V!fi&fr-i-ff i.A.yr-ATu-M-mM:W- F-VSbSj- D-tJJUfiWi3?&"Vr19ESSSE53E-0?aHIIIIIHIIIIIilllMllllHIIIIHIHimillllllhllH31 The J. T. Hinton Co.UNDERTAKERSAND EMBALMERSParis Kv.Mainand SixthStreetsDay phone 36Night s . . 56or Home 286-Motor equipment.Ambulance calls promptly attended to withLimousine Invalid Coach.Hearse used for funeral purposes only.ourI"M'fr'I"I"I'frfr'Mfrfr"I'I'M'3". ' wll is a zealous Red Cross worker,j 4 . and in his zeal and patriotismMILLERSBURG "doubtless gave much inspiration to- the speaker of the hour.4 ' I This is a time of high prices.j We should do what we can to cur-Mr. J. R. Long and Mrs. Bella Jfn expenses. Most everything inn.rri .Amnn xtt.t7 .,i, i, v.wrt the commercial world has madet l v a ii i in.i ii vr:i v in iii.ii i.iir rrt iim-..LEVY. -.Mr. Sim Levy, of Paris, receiveda telegram Sunday telling of thedeath of his brother, Mr. Ben Levy,in New York. The telegram gaveno details. The body will be shippedto Paducah, where tne funeral andburial will take place Tuesday. Mr.Levy left yesterday for Paducah toattend the funeral.CAIN.Mr. Mitchell Cain, aged aboutfifty-five, a former resident of Paris,died at the home of his sister, Mrs.Mary Bryan, near Little Rock, Friday night, of double pneumonia, after a short illness.Mr. Cain was in business in Pariswith his brother, Mr. Wm. Cain, atthe corner of Tenth and Pleasaatstreets for several years. Lately hehad been engaged in farming.He is survived by two brothersand three sisters. The funeral andburial took place in Carlisle, Sunday afternoon.CLOUGH.Following a brief illness ofpneumonia, death came Friday nightto the relief of little Jane Clough,eighteen-months-old daughter of Mr.and Mrs. Wm. Clough, of East Paris.Mr. and Mrs. Clough recently movedto Paris from the Spears Mill vicinity, where they resided saveral years.Besides the parents the little girlis survived by two brothers. Thefuneral was held at the family residence Sunday afternoon at three,o'clock, with services conducted byRev. Geo. R. Combs, pastor of theParis Methodist church. The burialfollowed in the Paris Cemetery.' marked advances in the past fewmonths. Some things a hundredper cent., but the Bourbon Laundryis doing business at the same oldprices, while our competitors haveadvanced their prices. We are stillat two cents,shirts ten, spreads fifteen, sheetsfive, table cloths fifteen to twentyfive cents. Give us your patronage.The money you will save in doingbusiness with us will do much inRed Cross work. For further particulars, call on R. M. Caldwell,agent, Home Phone 82, Triggavenue. (26-4t)LADIES'NIAGARAHOSEMrs. Beall, of Paris, was thejuest of Mrs. O. E. Hurst, Thursday.Mr. W. D. Wadell was in Cincinnati on business from Wednesdaytill Saturday.attended the Y. M. C. A. meeting and I undering collarsdinner at Paris last Thursday.Mr. Roscoe Bigley, of Danville,"v?.s a guest Saturday and Sundayof Mr. and Mrs. M. E. Pruitt..Mrs. J. T. Jefferson has returned from an extended visit to heraunt, Mrs. Peterson, in Kansas City,Mo.Dr. and Mrs. C. B. Smith are inLouisville, where Dr. Smith is attending the session of the State Med'ical Association.Miss Olive Fisher, of the M. C.-was a guest last week of her sister,Miss Ethel Love Fisher, at the Lexington College of Music.Mesdames America Butler andAdah Miller were at Ihe bedside of2Mr. Clarence Miller at Cynthiana,Friday, who is critically 111.Mrs. R. M. Caldwell was thesuest of her parents, Mr. and Mrs.:Bayless DeBell, at Ewing, Thursday,"the occasion being her mother'sbirthday.Mr. Richard Butler, arrived Sat-?rday evening from Camp Benj. Harison, where he Is receiving militarytraining, and visited relatives until"Monday afternoon.Mr. and Mrs. J. W. Williams andson, of Stanford, and Mr. and Mrs.Clu. Metcalfe, of Moreland, wereguests of Mr. an Mrs. M. E. Pruitt,.Saturday and Sunday.Mr. G. M. Jones, of the TJ. S."Navy, who has been at home on atwo-weeks' furlough, has returned tohis post of duty at Norfolk, Va. He-says they will sail for France.shortly.-Mrs. David Cassidy and C. C.Chanslor exchanged property last-week, Mr. Cassidy selling his hometo' Mr. Chanslor for $6,000 and purchasing the home of Mr. Chanslorlor $35,000.TAKEN UP AS STRAY I havo.In my possession a stray hog. Thejfswner can have same by provingproperty and paying for this ad. and, the keeping of the hog.j2-2t) JOHN MAHAK.--Mrs. Chas. Carrington, of Irvine,arrived Saturday as the guest of herparents, Mr. and Mrs. J. F. McDonald. Mr. Carrington having beencalled to army service, reported atZ3iis camp at Stanton, a., on Friday." The family of Mr. H. J. Faith,the barber, who recently purchasedthe business of Mr. D. B. Dunn, arrived Friday from Lexington, and-will occupy the property of theGriffith sisters, on South Main street,-recently vacated by Mr. Dennis Mc--"Mahanand family.Wl 151 15MAID SILKand Adler's wash-In all colors,able gloves.MITCHELL & BLAKEMORE.(vov2-tf)Sa fe SiaTO TAX PAYERSTax receipts of thecity for 1917 are nowin the hands of CityOo Hector ClarenceThomas, at the Peoples Deposit Bank.Call and pay themnow.J.T; HINTON,(auglO-tf) Ml ay or."B3 is TSLMATRIMONIAL.SMITH MARSHALL.At his home in this city lastweek Rev. G. R. Combs, pastor of theParis Methodist church, performedthe ceremony uniting in marriageMiss Elizabeth Smith and Mr. Geo.Marshall, both of this county.All persons desiring typewriting- work done please call on me at my- home. I will guarantee good work.Prices reasonable. For further par-tlculars, call on Mrs. R. M. Caldwell, Trigg .avenue. Home Phone-J2. . (26t)The- Millersburg Dancing Clubopened the season here Friday even-' ins ith & brilliant dance. Quite anumber of visitors were present from11 the surrounding towns and the'floor during the entire evening was-oomfortably full." The music -wasfurnished by the Smith Saxophoneltrio, of Lexington. A delightfullunch was served at midnight at the; Blue Bowl Cafe.. " TJhe various Red Cross Chapters: &e nanrivin county, held a. get-to-gether meeting at the M. M. I. Friday afternoon.The exercises openedmtwo 9: m. with a parade made upof the three schools. At 2:so p. m.tke Cadets of M. M. I. gave a drill onthe campus, and at 3:00 p m. an in-ii-tlnr-aadresswas delivered a .theid M I Auditorium by Hon. FranGrm, of Carrolton. The addressVaHertainly good and Mr. Greenlt fall many important points tnati?: wm do well to follow."Z1? i-lAnnaA hv Eld. C. 0. gV. "l:V "T,:: nrUHan churcliter than to milk a cow?ROGERS NUCKOLS."" The following announcementcards have been received in Parisand Bourbon county by relatives ofthe bride-to-be:"Captain and Mrs. Hiram Christopher Rogers will give in marriagetheir daughter, Hetty Roseberry, toMr. Charles Nuckols, on the eveningof Wednesday, November- the seventh, one thousand nine hundred andseventeen, at five o'clock, First Presbyterian church, Shreveport, Louisiana. The honor of your presence isrequested." ""-. iThe bride-elecTls a relative of theRoseberry and Rogers families ofBourbon county.Mr. Nuckols is a prominent youngfarmer residing near .Midway. Afterthe ceremony the young couple willcome to Lexington to reside, and inthe spring will go to the farm of thegroom near Midway to reside.PIPER.The funeral of Mrs. Fannie M.Piper, aged seventy-nine, who diedFriday at the home of her daughter,Mrs. Thomas Smith, near Hutchison,of pneumonia, was held Sundaymorning at 10:30 o'clock at the residence of Mrs. Smith, with serviceswin this great wai, for in no waycan a smaH contribution yield ne fiitta harrsit. " -PEALE COLLIER, President.O.'G. LYTLE, SecretaryAt the morning service at theParis Christian church Sunday Eld.W. E. Ellis gave an interesting account of the sessions of the International Convention of the Disciples ofChrist, which were held in KansasCity last week. He stated that theconvention was one of the most important ones held in many years,and the addresses by the many distinguished men and women of thechurch were eloquent and thoroughlyin accord with the loyal spirit of thetimes. In speaking of the reportmade by the financial committee Eld.Ellis read a summarized report showing that the church had received theenormous sum of $1,745, 535. 4Sduring the past year in furtheringthe work of various departments ofthe church. The total amount wasa gain of $183,628.59 over the receipts of 1916.At the close of the service- MissHallie Louise Frank and RobertBowen Frank, twin children of Mr.and Mrs. Robert L. Frank, unitedwith the congregation by confession.a id leaSTOCK, CROP, ETC.The Woodford County Agricultural Show will be held in Versailleson Friday and Saturday, November9 and 10. In connection with thisshow will be held the girls industrial exhibition under the auspices ofthe Womans' Home "Welfare Association. All proceeds from the showare to be given to the Red Cross.At the Columbus, Ohio, StateFair last week McCray Bros.' Nico-lette Chieftain defeated Miss LulaLong's crack mare, which won the$10,000 stake in the mare divisionat the Kentucky State Fair. Nico-lette Chieftain is by King Chieftain,and was bred and raised by Mr.Sanford C. Carpenter, of Millersburg,wlw is justly proud of the victorywon by his pupil.Mr. R. H. Wills, of Paris, ship-jAttractionsPARIS GRAND AND ALAMOTUESDAYAlice Joyce and HarryMorey'in the VitagraphBlue Eibbon feature"The Question"a man's life work or love.Wm. Duncan and CaroHolloway "in the 9th episode of"The Fighting Trail"WEDHESDAYMargaret Hlington in Laaky Paramount production,"The Inner Shrine"with Burton Holmes' Travels.THURSDAY.Olive Thomas in"Mapcap Madge'7Ince-Kay Bee production on the Triangle program. All star Triangleplayers in "His Bitter Fate," a farcecomedy with a punch.ORCHESTRA OF FOUR PIECES!PRICESAt the Alamo Children 6c, adults 17c.At the Paris Grand -Children 6c, adults 17c.Colored persons, children 6c, adults lie.Alamo 2 to 5:30; Paris Grand 7 to 10:30NOTICETo Automobile OwnerssBad Weather is Here!Your Top and Curtains NeedRepairing.j New Lights Put Inconducted by Rev. R. H. Bllett. The j ped Friday night to the South Carobody was taken to Carlisle for interment on the family lot in the Carlisle Cemetery.Mrs. Piper was the widow of Mr.John M. Piper, who died in 1913.She is survived by one daughter,Mrs. Maggie Piper Smith, one son,TV. H. Piper, and one grandson,Bryon Piper, all of Bourbon county.The pall-bearers were JW. Saunders, Jake Jacoby, George Jacoby,Thos. Prather, Wm.Woods.Meteer and E. 3.HARRIS.The Paris friends of Mr. Stanley A. Harris, Secretary of the Boys'Department of the Kentucky Y. M.C. A., hwe extended him their sincerest sympathy in the loss of hisestimable life companion, Mrs. EssieGarrett Harris, who died at the family home in Lexington, Saturday after, a protracted illness.Mrs. Harris had been in poorhealth for more than a year, and tooka sudden turn for the worse Fridaynight, which hastened her end. Besides her husband, she is survived byone son, Wm. Garrett Harris, and hermother, Mrs. Elizabeth Self Garrett,both of Lexington. Funeral serviceswere held at the home at two o'clockyesterday afternoon, conducted byRev. Benj. J. Bush, followed by interment in the Lexington Cemetery.a fca fcaRELIGIOUS. 8: ::hmm$15. $20 AND $25iSuits and overcoats splendidvalues atMITCHELL & BLAKEMORE.(vov2-tf)THINGS TO WORRY ABOUTNobody has said a good word yetfor the mob that beat up Bigelow, theCincinnati pacifist, but now that LaFollette has denounced the assault,some people -may get the notion thatmaybe it was all right, after all.flMItWhat has become of the old-fashionedfamily who considered it agreater hardship to do without bu--The members of the Mission Circle of the Christian church will holda meeting in the church parlors this(Tuesday) afternoon at three o'clock.Mrs. Harry Collins will be the hostesson this occasion.Rev. J. J. Dickey, the new pastorof the East Second Street Methodistchurch, and his sister, Mrs. C. M.Humphrey, gave a largely-attendedreception to the members of the congregation and their friends at theparsonage in Maysville, Friday evening from seven to ten o'clock.The Christian Endeavor Societyof the Presbyterian church had an,interesting meeting Sunday -evening.Misses Fannie Heller and VirginiaDundon, who attended the DistrictConvention at Cynthianfc, gave fullreports of the meetings there.This being the time for the election of officers, the following persons were elected:President Eleanur Lytle.First Vice-President Mrs. Wilcox.Second Vice-President LucileHall.Secretary John Dundon.Treasurer Thomas- McClintock.The Men's Bible Class of thePresbyterian church, of Paris, mostheartily endorses the efforts of theY. M. C. A. to raise $35,000,000to provide recreation and moraltraining for the soldiers, not only onthe firing line in Europe, but alsoin the training camps at home. Nofeature of the Y. M. C. A. work soquickly reaches so many men, norfills so great a void in the lives of themen reached as this work among thesoldiers. No phase of the work is soimportant. It contributes to thegreatest asset of successful soldiers,"a sound mind in a sound body,"and as such merits the support andencouragement of all who are anxiousor ale willing to do their bit to helplina markets seventeen mules and Ieight horses which he purchasedfrom Mason, Fleming and Nicholas jrnunt.v narties at different nrices. IMr. Wills recently purchased from j Sthese narties thirtv-five horses and !mules, paying from $115 to $150 forthe horses and from $120 to $145,and $262.50 for one mule.E3 IE3 TiWashington is a saloonlessunder act of- Congress. It promisesto be as "dry" atf Congressionalproceedings.2i wIS:ciy!fALSO A EULL LINE OFACCESSORIES AND SUPPLIESOVERHAULING A SPECIALTYA. V. DOUGLAS GARAGE718 HIGH STREET(oct26-4t)PARIS, KENTUCKY9 m9Ci:ss:Q8i jbvNOWIS THETIME--Ft U .II) 9 IImA An IvirB lA I-)iteruuiifav.Buy Your Fall and Winter Shoes NowGreatest purchases ever made by one concern brings youJ most opportune values, Every member of the -family canI be shod correctly at a great savinsEvery Item Represents a Saving of One-Half!See thes - new, stylish shoes, compare the quality andyou will wonder at the low prices prevailing prices hereixixJust a Few of the Many BargainsLadies' Black Kid High Cut Boots, Louis or mediumheel, $5.00 valu , ,,,.',,,,.,.. 5 , , $3,95Ladies Havana Brown En dish Boots$7.00 values $5.50 and $4,95Ladies' Black English Boots, $4.00 values ..$2,99' Ladies' Gun Metal English Boots $2,49$4.00$2.99Men's High Grade Russ. Tan English ChoesMen's Gun MetalShoes, buttonand lace ,Men's Tan WorkShoes $2.49Men's Gun Metal. Shoes $1.99Boys' Misses' and Children's High Quality Shoes !dan cohehT"Paris' Greatest Shoe Store Where, Beauty and Economy Reign: -; J8'a lAM&DOom, ut " """"" -IIV-iSr-'-&'?r"VtsKN.$;&3" -f? -- 'w-&-Jf",iOvi?.r'v ?&? !vi-"eiSii-r ' 2?-..fj" . s--A" ' ?W?-i4:--i-ss?, 1-T- V -. JCif$J ' ' If-J?Var .r - w n -". t i- -- ,--.- c ,ww"w.-.?'."-Jr. - "".!..Kz-i .. ' JU 1j& .z67 t. iry- jr-.- V.PTMFHCW8C52&t.J&--Jllt&tL i.tC.. 'rn'fPWl-IU.3: O-JafeiMiSBaserZm4: ",.&6fifc2ffei3'&v- &yttragaBjHHflRBHHHSn$ -v" ""'