Wi Mr-rF . 4?V r '-THE',NEWS2i$PUBLISHED EVERY TUESDAY AND FRIDAY IN THE YEAR.VOLUME XXXVI.PARIS, BOURBON COUNTY, KENTUCKY, FRIDAY, MARCH 30, 1917.BOURBONFifteen ThousandMen Added ToNational Guard,"news quarantine," the time not to exceed four weeks, in order to preventmilitary information from "leakingout"Available For Federal Police Duty As OccasionRequires. Other VarNews in Tabloid.WASHINGTON, March 29. Nearly13,000 men were added to the nationalguard force availabe for federal policeduty by a War Department order susenling the mustering out of all guardorganizations still in the federal serTice With the men called out duringthe past few days this gives the government upward of 45,000 guardsmenfor employment in their home Statesto protect industries and other property. Most of the men affected by the orders are at their mobilization campspreparing to return to civilian life after a long stay on the Mexican border. They will be held at their campsor armories for the assignment asconditions require.In all about 18,000 men are retainedby the order, but several of the unitsalready had been designated for federal service. Included in the list arethe following:"Kentucky First Infantry; Company B, Signal Corps, AmbulanceCompany No. 1.WASHINGTON, March 29. Thetwelve Federal reserve banks oversubscribed on twenty-four hours' notice aninety-day loan to the Government of?15,000,000 at the rate of 2 per cent, ayear.The money was borrowed on ninetyday treasury certificates of indebtedness to help tide over the Governmentuntil June, when the great stream ofincome and internal revenue taxes willflow into the Treasury. An additional50,000,000, it was announced, may beborrowed in the same manner beforethe close of the fiscal year .Press RegulationsAnnounced By?MISSING PARIS GIRL ' mREPORTED "FOUND."w awKwiffffff vwwwtPart of the mystery surrounding therm uisaypearance or Miss urace Kooerts,1 IIS IsOVemment, the seventeen-year-old daughter of Mr.and Mrs. W. H. Roberts, of Laurelcounty, who had been living in Paris,has oe'en solved.Tlrcoligh the instrumentality of aphotdjgraph sent to a Cincinnati dailypaper; Miss Roberts, according to thereport, has been located at the JewishHospital, in Cincinnati, where she hadobtained employment as a domestic.Her movements were traced fromParis until the time she was "discov.WE KNOW HWVigorous Rules For Guidance of Newspaper AreIssued By War aed NavyDepartments.9m9m69m99WASHINGTON, March 29Regula- f5eJT Xy a T?0??Z f ? Cincinnatitions for the guidance of the press of ?f 8tedf that' J1SS ?obertsthA TTnifpri stoto ir, i,,,k . said her father knew where she wasLEXINGTON. March 29,-Tran- in tlie Present emergency, framed by ! lef? Paris. sMr.sylvania College and the College of official,, of the State, War and Navy tneto SS uWenS "the Bible, allied institutions, have in Department, and approved by repre, - af VTiZhfstituted military training. A large Natives of the principal press asso ? bis daughter was Hesquad of the student body started Nation.. ave been made public. The tS" !work early drilling and will accept regulations are as follows: home in Lilv in Laurel county verservice if they are needed Twenty- Iu view of the desire of the press S 1 n 1, Laurel county, veryeight young women have actlvrfv hi of the country to refrain fm the lU' amI that thls added t0 the worrXJsZa? ont Pubtion of information harmful tn caused by the girl's sudden and mysSin. J i m 5 same col- the public interestf and with the , terious disappearance, had caused himleges, inis is sam to De the first tention of securing the maximum pub many wakeful hours. He said he posiBible college m the country to take licity, with the least injury thereto, tively knew nothing of her whereup military training. the following regulations are hereby abouts. Mr. Roberts left for Cincinnat:issued for its guidance, which it is mm:ofaiv nnntnf m,T riTTTCTTTT T Tn VV -U on m.. r,1,. 7. i i ,.. i. "mai.j- "l'" iGV.Giyu i-"o iicoportion of the First Regiment, Ken- served:First No information, reports orrumors should be published which tendto disclose the military and naval policies of the Government of the UnitedStates. (This regulation is directe Itucky National Guard, mustered oursome time ago, is expected to be recalled under orders to be issued irWashington. Fifty thousand guardsmen are now in the Federal serviceand will bring Miss Roberts home withhim, if she is willing to leave.Miss Roberts, according to the storybecame dissatisfiedjhere and determined to see some of the world. Througoa friend in Cincinnati, she secured aagainst tne nuoncation 01 anv news ninno ?r tim tomoVi T-ir.eritoi -i.Oiint,Hnf1o7 1(?Ore IV"T Vr niiTiM.nmnl Tl L 1 "T- ?Ti t it. l ' 'uuu.1. wiucio uuui ljjo unciuuicui. il or coiiiuiuiiL wmen migm reveal uie cha winWASHINGTON, D. C, March 29.Tlie Commission for Relief in Belgium is receipt of a cable to tlie effect that the German authorities havenow been able to communicate withall submarine commanders and that asfrom tlie 15th inst. the commission'sshipping will be positively safeguardedfrom attack if following the northernroute. SK of the commission's steamers, which have been held at Rotterdam pending completion of the necessary preliminaries, sailed at midnightwith German safe-conduct passes containing absolute guarantees againstsubmarine attack.WASHINGTON, D. C, March 29.Farmer of America have been appealed to by Secretay Houston toJoin in agricultural preparednessmeasures so that the country may notbe handicapped by a food shortage inits efforts to meet the internationalcrisis. Elimination of waste, conservation of surplus, and attainment ofmaximum crop returns were outlinedas imperative steps for strengtheningagricultural resources.NEW YORK, March 29. LieutenantGeneral Nelson A. Miles, TJ. S. A., retired, speaking here at the NationalDefense Convention held under theauspices of the National Guard Association of the United States assertedthat if this country "throws itoelfenergetically" into the war in theevent of a declaration, he believedit would be possible to end the conflict in twelve months, "if not inhix."was definitely announced in Washington Wednesday that the UnitedStates is not in the possession of anyinformation that would show change inatitude on the part of Germany.WASHINGTON, March 29. Reports from unofficial sources telling of the existencesubmarines off Montauk Point, New gency).York, were said to have been receivedby the Navy Department. The samereports were given to naval comanders of shore stations in the vicinitystrategic disposition or operation o)armies or their sub divisions or thefleet or its subdivisions; any measures which might be adopted in con-,sonance with the Department of State Ifor the furtherance of American de-1fense and, in general, any plans forthe use of the army and navy duringof a national emer-retain unless her father'spleas to return home influence her tocome back.EASTER IS DRESS-UP TIMEFor tlie boys. Sport model PinchBack in serges and novelty patterns,$6 to ?12.50.J. W. DAVIS & CO."Second No information, reports orrumors should be published whichtend to disclose: '"(a) Movements or employment of JUDGE JANUARY ANNOUNCESn.m;n oi ii:i. nniviotnnf riant i p.AwniriiPV cnp MAvnr?and the department understands that e subdivisions T ' I"(b) Movements of vessels of the TO THE DEMOCRATIC VOTERS OFnavy or their arrival at or departure, PARIS, KY.:from any port. jn announcing mv candidacv for th"(c) Departures of merchant ves- nomination for Mayor at the stateWASHINGTON, March 29. Presi- sels should not be mentioned, and it is t b h M Saturday AUKUstdent Wilson was said to-da- to h desired that the name of the port of ?n,;?'Tt0 De JJf. baiuraay-, AUg.uslaent wnson was sam 10-uaj to oe arrival hQ omitted 4 1917 T am willlnS fr you to judgehopeful that the House of Representa- ,(d) Assignment 0f movement, my ability to fill this high position bytives will rush its organization plans wwhpr ns m-mina nr individuals, of mv oast business and official record.whatever .precautions may be necessary to guard against submarine attacks have been taken by them.9994989999Q0O9O&999059O998Is Only a Few Days Off andusi Be Well DressedOn That Day.There is no better storeno more reliable, none moredependable than our storewhen it comes to selling theright kind of Men's andBoys' Clothing.Our Easter Suits, Hats, "Shoes and Furnishings"Surpass any others.The clothing purchasedfrom our store has style,service and comfort. Nothigh in price, but high inquality. Neat patterns forconservative dressers andfancy patterns for the moreextreme ones. Pinch Backsand 2-Button Sacks, EnglishCut Coats made extremethe kind that well dressed fel ows like to wear Selectyjur Easter Suit to-day, while the assortment is large.mm. mmHI '.TCopyright. 1917iHatls.SttjnCtCo.BEAUTIFUL PATTERNS IN MANHATTAN(Silks and Madras Cloths.) vBRIGHT NEW NECKWEARSTYLISH STETSON HATSAND NETTLETON FINE SHOESSHIRTSIn previous races for nomination, Ihave never spent accent of money onlyfor legitimate expenses, such as announcements, cards and advertisements, and will not spend any money,or chattels, or promise any office to 'any one.I have always received more votesVICKSBURG, Miss., March 29.Nurses can't hold hero's heads in theirlaps at the battle front, W. E. Longfellow, special agent vf the Red Cross,told college girls here when he wasexplaining Red Cross work. Some 01the girls appeared to be considerablydisappointed to learn this. Mr. Longfellow has been here several daysshowing methods of life saving in thewater.so that there will be no delay in af officers and men of the military anufording him opportunity to make hi.i naval establishments. .address on the war situation to a joint "(e) Transportation of mails, supsession with the Senate. plies or munitions.No matter how the final organiza ' "(f) Information of any design, intion is perfected, administration lead- yentions or test thereof ; or of manu-.,' j,,, 1, ij facture, transport or distribution o:ers are anxious that if a prolonged . .. ' f f , -, . . , . . r implements 01 war.fight is in prospect some sort of an ,.fx r.nnrP-ntnitinn of military orarrang'ement be made for temporary navai supplies or location of such sup than any other candidate on the tickorganization to permit the President's ,piies. est (receiving 626 votes at last elecappearance Tuesday or Wednesday.These officials feel that public opin fortifications, army posts, naval, mag- three ODDonentS)ion will not suuport a long struggle ", "j Jfliuo' u.rtroT nrcatiiVntinn jitiH pnmmittpp nnt. raQlO Stations.ronage at such aritica, time. rZZZanv way might seem ofnaval value"Fourthmm11 & BiaKemoieS3SC999BOURBON CIRCUIT COURT.ATTEMPTS MADE TOFRIGHTEN NEGROES.The (rial of the case of Lee Deavers,charged with killing Sidney G. Clay Prom Paris comes the word that an"(li) Activities in or about arsenals. tion out of a total 0f 941 and having October ? 1916' was ca,led Wed" attempt has been made in BourbonucouaJr mwiixiufa, uuu uum amco an- tuuuty lo ingnten tne colored popu-WASHINGTON, March 29. A distinct impression that a formal declaration of war against Germany wil1 be displayed which are of military or peoplesand T ,., ,J a nouncing ready, the trial was entered lation of Kentucky ae-ninaf ininfn- tha1 nnvp n wnvs iimmii h iriMiui in i ii- . o - jw...0 t".n.-mmnn-npnniP ami. if eientafl. sha'.l m . . . . United States army in case of war. Itany mays, " ' - prwhich in take the oath without being under oh- , ,UllULaiJ. U. "baivu w UJ xUu.Tiuu4 i F..v . f . nnmnnqp,1 nf fl,p fr.nm TVJ J t., ,tion, but having, as I have always had. -7 -," " " "T-'' T:;" , , J 1"U dUU preacning in tneirFrom a special venire of one hun- is understood that the negroes haymen summoned from tnis city been frightened by a man who comesNo movine nictures should , int.rftst. t.n iinllft of Paris and its "b. ? " . ieu auu cnurcnes, claims to Have been sentnavM value."Fifth and doubtful matter shouldbe avoided by the administration a?1.- n.. nnr-f?V1n woo ointiiror1 frrvmiuuB a puooiuic to .v.H""-" " . . ... , . ..n niun7.i-aA ranrDSecretary Lansing by members o the ,- hSrt the "department concernHouse Foreign Affairs Committee, who e whQ ghaU xe an immediate decalled at the State Department at hH cjs'ion thereon, and keep the inquiryI respectfully ask your support,B. B. JANUARYmade strictly confidential."Sixth It is requested that no in- jawformation, reports or rumors aitnuuting a policy to the Government inThefollowing, was finally selectedsworn in: E. N. Gifford, Anse Squirci, from God to warn them against enterL. M. Kerns, E. F. Poe, Thomas Paton, ing the war. This looks very muchGeorge McLeod, Rufus Jenney, Thos. like German spies are at work inMynes, W. E. Cook, W. J. Albert, Kentucky and the officers of the StateGeorge Alexander and Percy Smith. wm make a thorough investigation atThe Commonwealth was represented once. Maysville Independentbv Commonwealth's Attorney Victor Por a w -no,, i tte exceptions under the Sunday BradleVf County Att0rney George at- ington, who has been conducting Vex"permitting people of religious be- terton of PariSf and CoL John H. vices at the North Middletown ChiS-) Allen, of Lexington, who had been re- tian church, stated that he had seenJEWS' SUNDAY EXCEPTED.liefs other than Christian toNEW YORK. March 29. Two women for every man applied for enlistment in the United States marinecorps in the last week, according toCaptain Frank E. Evans, in charge ofrecruiting here. Several of the womenapplicants, he asserted, wanted to bodetailed to battleships.request.As soon as Congress convenes, theSecretary told his callers, a declaration that a "state of war" exists willbe asked of Congress. The words "declare wax accux u - h Cabinet, be published without firsf jewwu oauuum uum aunuuwu ri.ua, defense was represented by Talbott & ored neoDle ofiui iu uU uuu..u.-v consulting tne uepanmeiu. iu otuLe. w .c Mtj Ww whiUey, and Col. R. a. Franklin.on the profound gulf separating the NoteThe above regulations shall calendar day, t':o Court of Appeals rvha Pniirf n(nm,rr,pri iirvn nnnstates are expected on the convening not De enforced in any matters offi- held in the case of Samuel Cohen, aof Congress. dally given to tne press Dy proper merchant of Hellier, for a writ or proWASHINGTON, March 29. Four additional regiments of the nationalguard were called into the federalservice Wednesday by the Wr Department They are the First West Virginia, Seventy-fourth New York, Second Cennecticut and Second New Jersey infantry regiments.The American public, in a general authorized officials.way, has as much information bearingdirectly on the present crisis between JUDGE JANUARY FOR MAYOR.the United States and Germany, ex-cept on German plots against Ameri- THE NEWS, in this issue, carriescan interests, as the government it- the announcement and a card fromself, it was ascertained definitely. Judge E. B. January, in which he- makes his public bow to the voters ofWASHINGTON, March 29. There the city of Taris, aa a candidate forwill be no general internment of Ger- tjie 0flice of Mayor of Paris,man citizens or German reservists in Judge January has been an almostthis country in the event of war be lifelong resident of Paris, and is tootween the United States and Germany, well-known here toneed even a tormaiany international situation, not author- ?en their Platces on Sunday, if they toIned by Mn Clay.s mother and sis. nQ evidenceg of actiyiteed by the President or a member of SLt ." ter t0 assist in th-e Prosecution. Tho German sympathizers among the col-detvioll oauuaiu uuui ouiiuuu L iluuJ dafonco ttcs ronracontori nv T'nlhrttt aV .1 i n. -ureu peopie ot tnat piace. iie haMjust received a letter from M H. Gray.The Court adjourned upon compiet- Secretary of the Board of Chnrch Turing the jury, until two o'clock Wed- tension, who recently visited Northnesday afternoon. Upon reconvening Middletown and looked over the workWebb from nrosecu ng him under the entire aftTn 3 r' V among the colored churches ther -Webbfrom .prosecuting mm unaer the attorneys in stating the case to whirh tho ipnriprhiT, nf h ioithe Sunday law. Tlie ponce juage msisted Cohen was not excepted behibition to stop Police Judge W. 3.cause he opened Saturday night. Thewrit was denied, as it was not theproper remedy, but the Police Judgewas admonished.HUNTINGTON, W. VA., March 29"When unnaturalized Germans, eraployed in a factory here, expressedsentiments against the American flagand declined to permit aflag in theiriinmrtmont American workmen turned a fire hose on them and compelledthem to salute the colors nailed overft door. No police action was taken.LONLON, March 29.There are various reasons concerning the reasonforthe present visit of the Austrian emperor to Emoeror William. The DallyMail says it learns from Vienna by wayof Sv-itzerland that the conference between the emperors is to decidewhether the Austro-German policy toward the United States shall be modified so as to avoid war, or whether therecent submarine methods, which arpcertain to provike war with the UnitedStates shall be maintained.THE HAUGE, March 29, (via London, 10:50 p. m) The AssociatedPress has been Informed from an absolutely authentic source that the German government -will ask AmericanfficiaU and relief workers of theAmerican Commission for Relief inBelgium to eubmlt to a period ofattorneys in stating tne case to Which the leadershin of th iru.nl i.the jury. The Court adjourned at ored preacher was highly commended.five o'clock until nine o'clock yester- Rev. Davis says the colored people ofday morning, when the trial was re- North Middletown are as highly patrisumed. otic as any anywhere else.In his statement to the jury Com- In spito of Rev Davis' declarationmonwealth's Attorney Bradley made a however, there is opposed the solidbitter arraignment of Mrs. PearJ sentiment of the people of North MidDeaver. whom he charged with having dletown in the belief that underhandcontradicted the testimony she gave raethods have been in operation amongbefore the Coroner's jury last Novem- the most annroachahlP. nt th rninro.!people of that vicinity, and they willnot be deterred from an attitude oBoth the War Department and De therance of his candidacy. He has 26, tne mnety-eigiitn anniversary ot " J" oc"-lcljr " 7" fc"w watcntumess oy uev. Harris' state-business man here from Uie tne iouiming oi uaa reuowsmp. me iv " w.j. - . ... menc. ine ciaim nas Deen aavancel"Zaa 4m,i mmarily with any nf his arlv youth, and has been event will be celebrated by lodges all were examineu oeiore tne uouit au that enough had been learned to w-ar.. . . i- i-i .. v.. , o . ..i t v.;0 nniutnal nvpr t.li p. worlfl fliirinEr tlip week be- lOUmed (outbreaks inspirea Dy ijermau.y, uuu a. a most successim uuc.I. O. O. F. ANNIVERSARY.Bourbon Lodge No. 26, I. O. O. Ftween tne uniieu OLiiLua aim cx", WeU.Miuu uClc i..u ., ' w"; M IT . . 7, - hPP ATr ttnhPrt P Tilhntt fnr theaccording to the present plans of the introduction to the people of the city, is making extensive preparations tor ber. Mr. Robert C. laibott for tnegovernment? it is stated officially. "Jose support he is asking in the Eur- celebrating, on Thursday night, April defense m his statement of the casegovernment, it i& at '" v" i, nifi,nr -r0 lmc 9R tha ninetv-eiehth anniversary of to the jury severely criticized theBOtn tne war ueijanuicui u.uv - tiieruui;partment of Justice will be on guarJ been a'in his political over the world during the week be- journed Coroner Rudolph Davis, Chief rant the state of feelIng that qCREDITORS' MEETING.Z;PQ1 rnnnd-un of Germans is re- life he has been equally successful, ginning April 23. A large class will of Police urea L,mK, jjeputy siieru ha3 beon -something doing."Sarded as both Impracticable and im- having served the city as Police Judge, be initiated on the night of April' 23, ume Marsnaii ana ur vv v. ".Slitia The government will interfere leading his opponents each time by a at Bourbon Lodge, a number of pet- Upon reconvening of Court yesterPXtheTiberSty of no one unless there Le plurality tfons having been presented and elect- g- Sis good reason to suspect mm iu u he nas a mm ???' Z TmhuTmmltt of one a rigid and exhausUve examinationlOValtV hlS OmCe Willi emilieui, aauaiaiiwuu cuSecretary of War Baker authorized an concerned, and having made a good to secure a new member,the formal statement that "everybody police Judge, he has a right to believeof every nationality who conducts mm- that he will make a gooo. iuayor.self in accordance with American iawjjudge January nas aireaay lnaugurat-will be free from official molestationboth now and in the future."EL PASO, TEX., March 29. Carranza troops in Chihuahua and Juarez,threatening mutiny oecause uiey uued an active canvass for the office.Every member is a committee of one a rigid and exhaustive examination Hon. A. M. Cox, Referee in Bank-by the attorneys for both sides. While ruptcy for this district, has issued athe cross-examination was being con call for a meeting of the creditors ofducted Mrs. Deaver fainted, neccjsitat- Mr. Adam B. Davis, of Paris, to being a temporary adjournment until held in the court house, in Paris, at"restoratives were applied and she fin ten o'clock on the morning of April5, Iished her testimony. 'when a trustee will be appointed and'At tlie couclusion of Mrs. Deaver's other business transacted,testimony, the defendant, Lee Dpaver, !was nlaced on the stand. The -entireFORGER HELD OVER.Robert Conley, alias R. C. Reynolds,who was arrested Monday night byChief of Police Link and PatrolmanNEW QUESTIONS PREPARED FORCOUNTY SCHOOL TEACHERS judy on a forgery charge, was arraign-ed before Judge E B. January in Po- e.Z A in ui avm. BANKS AGREE To limit.. . . -ix - - .... illLtJIUUUIl U UUUaulUCU lix mo S"""Witn tne view oi getting aay iiun. lice court, Wednesday, and neid ovei ,..,. , nn ,u0fi ot r. TIME DEPOSIT INTEREST.inaticn, and Court adjournedo'clock until nine o'clock this morning.rpppived no pay for months, were paid tfce 0ld system of securing examina- for trial Saturday in $200 bond'nil back salaries by General Francisco tion questions for county school teach- Conley presented a check for $30,Murgui. Information from Chihuahua ers from text books, the State Board of purporting to have been drawn by P. imtprurban conductor !sPeer announced Wednesday that &ix-vjity is uiul me ujuus; .. flAnmuucio .tmv-Hu.--- . . vuuiuo,, iui me iiiiciiv.o.u x 51c- 1 Ly-uigut per cent. 01 tne state BanksState Bank Commissioner George. .nin i TT-vir irv iji ..-.nt-inne, iiic iroT smto siinprin. t, n n rn.. r r Tmmii sny uerman acuw " ww w-rf UL ox.lvllo wo ,4. z. .; eiapu v,w., u tavoi ui xv. v. uiiumo, Mr B G -paton, conductor on thoi01 rwemucKy nau agreed to the pro-the Carranza Government Reports tendent of SchoolsyGilbert, A. J. Jolly, jn payment for a pair of shoes he pur- Inteniroan electric line between Lex- Posal to limit the amount of intercotfrom Mexico City say German money ;of Mentor and Miss Nannie Catlett, of chased at Posner Bros, shoe store. He nfrfnT1 nni1 -NinhniasviiiA. hns been on time deDOsits to thrpo nor rois rehuoilitating Cerranzas nnances j Princeton, who compnse tne ooara confessed when placed under arrest, transferred to the Paris-Lexington Tke plan was broached by him In a. . m r ..... .t- n ofrnnTf I 111 j- x 9-w Anr t nwnan m 1 l.i 1 ml.l .. ... . ... .... ... .and is gaining ior uermdu; . owo pviu meet m j.cw uuyD w VlVp. tioniey savts nis-nome ux joruoiuyu, jme, and will move to Pana witn Ms circular letter to the banks sereralhold upon German affairs. 'the questions. j , , N. T. family to reside. days ago.1. JAVf.-ri 'hFAGE TWOThe Bourbon NewsUUbllshed 188135 Years of Continuous Publication.?&&.& d Every Tuesday and Friday.ttO Ta r ?2.00 Six Months. .$1.00Payable in Advance.V'5?T CHAMP, Editor and Owner.(Entered at the Paris, Kentucky,Postoffice as Mail Matter of theSecond Class.)Any erroneous reflection upon theharacter, standing or ieputation ofany person, firm or corporation whichBay appear in the columns of THEBOURBON NEWS will be gladly corrected if brought to attention of theeditor.ADVERTISING RATESDisplay Advertisements, $1.00 perinch for" first time; 50 cents per incheach subsequent insertion.Reading Notices, 10 cents per lineeach issue; reading notices in blacktype, 20 cents per line, each issue." Cards of thanks, calls on candidates, obituaries and resolutions, andsimilar matter, 10 cents per line.Special rates for large advertisements and yearly contracts.The right of publisher is reservedto decline any advertisement or otheraiatter for publication.Announcements for political officesmust invariably be accompanied bythe cash.EDITORIAL MUSINGS.Alien Colonies.A correspondent writing to a NewTwk newspaper expresses fear of tinaon-English speaking colonies thai35row up in so many places. Wit1:their foreign language .papers, am'hearing almost no English spokenthey are very separate from America 'life. This writer sees danger in thicondition. He would break up the:nests of alien congestion. This o4'coarse would seem arbitrary and antocratic under our free soil.Yet all is not well in these Litt1Italys and Little Polands and LittVHungarys that are growing up in srmany places Often these new-coners have been educated at home ischools of grades similar to our his;schools and colleges. But if thecan't receive the simplest kind of intraduction in English, they are helpless. Hence the abnormal sight cfmany well educated men diggingditches.-The foreign language papers coub1do a great deal for these people ithey would. Ignorance of English inthe great obstacle in their way. Whr-could not these papers make a ,pointaC running in each issue little sectionof English lessons? These should nofollow the lines of our school readinr"books, one purpose of which is toarouse a cultivated literary tasteThey should deal with the simplestphase of our life, making change astores, taking orders in a factory obxmsehold, dealing with customers inretail trade.In a foreign spepking colony, wagessire low and the children are generallytaken out of school as soon as thlaw allows, to help support the familThe youngsters leave study too earlyto gain any idea cf our civic ideasTheir parents can answer no questionon these points.The children will grow up able toread and write, and will become votrs. But they have no conception ofow institutions and are not making agood start in citizenship. The parentsseed education as well as the children,and the foreign language paper is theagency that could do it.Protection of Birds.A census of birds is to be taken al!oxer the country the last of May andfirst of June by Federal investigatorsIt is believed that by counting thenesting places, a fairly accurate ideaof bird population can be had. Ifsuch a census had been made ten ortwelve years ago, it is probable thatthe 1916 figures would show a largecSecline.The birds are the principal defendersof growing crops against pests. Butpablic sentiment has been slow to secare their protection. If a birdserves no visible purpose in the stateirhere he spends part of his life, he israthlessly slaughtered for pot pie, regardless of whether he is the salvationof tke crops in some other state. Th.migratory bird law giving uniformprotection is yet to be passed on as tomstitutionality by the United StatesSapreme CourtBird life has many enemies. Theignorant, regarding this as a freeoountry, joyously gets out with a shotgun and slaughters a dozen or twosongsters for a luscious dinner. Decadent natives kill them for shipmento city hotels. The cast from culturedlKme& roam unrestricted throughorchards and lawns, picking up theToong who can't fly.It seems inconsistent to spend millions In teaching the farmer how toT&ise crops, and next to nothing onearing the birds that are the onlyKire protection of the crops after theyare planted.Ths protection of bird life is iutimately related to cost of living. Foodprices will be high as long as swarmsof insects devastate the fields. Thisargument should appeal to those whosee such questions merely in theight of dollars. But there are manylor whom birds perform other servicesaad to wkom country life without theirboerjr sosgs would seem like a bodytataiM -soul.AiiifiB. . v xu tif j. x oProminent YOUthS Want tO ServePnnntrv In Warwwviiifci i til wi mFRANKLIN K. LANE, JR., IS ON7 'Vincent Astor Somo Time Ago Declared Willingness to Aid Defense Admiral Peary Declares Aerial PatrolShould Consist of One Hundred Stations Along the Coast.Washington. There has been theliveliest interest in aviation as a meansof national defense and almost everyday some prominent man signifies hiswillingness to aid his country by joining the aviation squad. It is only ashort time since Vincent Astor, one ofthe wealthiest youths in the country,declared that he'd serve in the air brigade. Now, Franklin K. Lane, Jr., sonof the secretary of the interior, is preparing for war at Newport News, Va.Mr. Lane is only nineteen years old.All over the country there has beenintense interest in aeronautics. RearAdmirals Robert E. Peary and BradleyA. Fiske, U. S. N., were the chief' x'hoto by American Pi ess Association.FRANKLIN K. LA.NE, JR., IN AIRSIIir.speakers at the "Congress and Aerial! Defense day," observed at the panAmerican aeronautical exposition rej cently.I Charles R. Witteman spoke of a1 scheme whereby the regular White-head auto torpedo may be launchedfrom an airplane as effectively as it islaunched from a destroyer. Mr. Witte-man said :'The aviator approaches his target, from a great distance and high up inthe air, and when say six or seven1 miles away he volplanes toward thej water, runs above the surface of theI water a short distance, heading towardhis target and when ready simply pullsa lever. The action of pulling the leverreleases the torpedo, which Is rigidlyheld under the airplane, and at thesame time throws back the startinglever, with the result that the torpedofalls into the water in the same wayas if it had been dropped from a destroyer."I received nrivate information fromEurope about a year :ir 'lnta lieu-tenant in the British navy made fourflights over the land into the sea of, Marmora in an airplane under which aWhitehead torpedo was secured and' sank four Turkish vessels, using four-teen inch torpedoes weighing 731' pounds each."Admiral Peary said an aerial coastpatrol should consist of 100 stationsalong the coast from San Diego to CapeFlattery and Eastport to Brownsville,, from each of which aeroplanes wouldpatrol as far out to sea as 100 miles.DOG LOCATES BOY'S BODY.Faithful Animal Leads Searchers toVictim of Shooting.Carlisle, Pa. After a party, headedby his father, had searched all nighta faithful dog brought them to a pointwhere Chester Nelson, aged seventeen,of Doubling Gap Springs had been accidentally shott The boy went hunting for raccoons,and when he did not return a searchwas instituted."While the party were in the mountains the dog, which had accompanied'the boy, met the party and led themto where his body was lying.The boy had found a raccoon, and inan effort to get it out of a hole in therocks his gun had been accidentallydischarged, the entire charge enteringhis heart and causing instant death.WOMAN GETS A FARM.Mrs. Reagan Went to California WithHer Parents In 1853.Orovillo, Cal. "Once a pioneer, always a pioneer," said Mrs. CharlotteReagan, seventy years of age, whoproved up on a homestead claim nearJ Blomer mountain recently.Five years ago Mrs. Reagan filed ahomestead under the old law and sincethen has lived almost continuously onthe tract of ICO acres. She has built& home, planted an orchard and developed an irrigation system.In addition, she has enrolled as astudent in one of the correspondencecourses of the University of California.Mrs. Eeagan came to California withher parents in 1853.ilJTHE BOURBON NEWS, PARIS, KY.WIDE TIRES MAKE. r'EASIER HAULING.For many yeanr.advocatea, for goodroads have urged the use of widetires 0Q wagons as a means of reducing the needless uear of road surfaces. For as many years the average farmer has shown little inclination to auopt sucn ures. ie paystaxes for the maintenance of roadsnnxi oinim that hipv sbmiifi ho ironfx fauuu cayugu Wixuiliiu x iiim LU tary force tQ thQ French front Tneuse any width tires he prefers. He president's conclusions were not madeobjects to being taxed for something known definitely and it was said hewhich he must pamper to the extent had not finally determined what to recof foregoing what he regards as one ommend in bis message to Congress,of his inalienable rights to the slight-1 Secretary Lansing made it very clearest degree. His point of view is so hat the Pan v,hitch probably will bebuttressed by firm conviction that it "ed most will be au horization by,. ,. ' . , . . . Congress of a large frond issue whoseis difficult to persuade him to procbeeds would be devoted to purchasechange it. The most convincing of French bonds. What amount ofargument in his case is usually one bonds, whether a billion dollars, morethat presents a prospect of financial or less. Secretary Lansing suggested,advantage, and there is a good argu- was a matter within the province ofment for wide tires based on their Secretary McAdoo.saving to the farmer. In fact, it is' The committee was particularlya better argument for such tires than eaSer to flearn w.hat 0theovufnm,, . . . ... it. plans as to sending an expeditionarytheir service m protecting roads. It g tQ Europe.is based on facts ascertained by ex-, Secretary Lansing suggested thatperiments made by the U. S. Office might be determined later.of Public Roads and Rural Engi-. The legislative program which Sec-neering under the direction of E. B. retary Lansing indicated he would fa-McCormick, chief of its division oc vor includes a declaration that a staterural engineering. of war exists; enactment of the bill.An earth road was Dlowed ud wllIch Passe(1 the Senate last session.An earth road vas pioweu up. fa.led .q the House tQ punigbgraded and then rolled with a ten ionage and unneutral acts, and anton roller weighing 450 pounds to the appropriation of possibly $200,000 forinch of the width of the rim of the employment of Secret Service agentswheels. A wagon was then loaded The $200,000 fund would be disburseduntil the total weight on the wheels in the State Department's discretion,was 5,000 pounds, and the pull in Representative A. J. Montague, ofpounds required to haul it along the. Virginia, announced Monday that whenrnul wis measured The watron Congress reconvenes he will offer aroad vas measurea. ine uagon bm tQ France $1,000,000,000 as anwas equipped with 1 1-2, 2, 3, 4, 5 and evidence of this nation's appreciation6 inch tires, and the weight of tho f and gratitude for what the French peoloaded wagon was 883, 625, 417, 313, pie did for the American colonies in350 and 208 pounds ,per inch width , the Revolutionary War.of tire for these different widths, ft! "I do not believe France needs orwill be noticed that with 1 and 2 wants any of our men. What she nowinch tires the wheels produce greater wants and needs is food and other sup, ,, , , , e m.i c nlies. If we set a barrel of flour downloads on the road, per inch of width of P" Hne .fc wm dQ Fnmcetire, than did the road roller used in more good than placing a soidier atconstructing the road, so that it is the front. This country is well able toself-evident that such tires will cut spare $1,000,000,000, and it would gointo a new road somewhat and are toward paying a debt, of gratitudetherefore undesirable. After each which we certainly owe France."tost and before the beginning of thenext, the road was replowed, gradedand acain rolled, so as to have th'iconditions at the beginning of eachtest as uniiorm as possinie wiui auearth road. The tests selected forcomparison were those in which moisture and weather conditionswereidentical.The results of all these tests sho"that it takes a pull of about 91 pound3per ton 'of gross load when l1 inchtires are used, 82 pounds with 2 incntires, 74 pounds with 3 inch, 60pounds with 4 inch and 66 poundswith 5 inch. With 6 inch tires theipull increases somewhat above thatwith 5 inch tires, indicating that fo:such a wagon and load there above5 inches. From these 'figures it willbe seen that a horse must exert itselfalout 23 per cent, more to pull thesame load with 1 inch tires thanwith 3 inch tires, and over 10 percent more with 2 inch than with 3inch tires. Any surit steady, needlessstrain on the strength of horses, avoidable by substituting wide for narrowtires, is a waste of the farmer'sassets, which he will be quick to seewhen pointed out.! The width of tires recommendedby the Department of Agriculture isas follows: One-horse wagon weighing2,000 pounds loaded, 2 inches; lighttwo-horse wagon weighing 3,500pounds loaded, 2 inches, mediumtwo-horse wagon weighing 4,500pounds loaded, 3 inches standard two-horse wagon weighing 6,800 pounds,4 inches; heavy two-horse wago.)weighing 7,500 pounds loaded, 5.inches.I With such tires not only will thefarmer work his horses to the bestj advantage, but he will also reducej the amount of money that must bespent to keep the roads in a conditionfor easy use. He will be a gainer inevery way. He can haul heavierloads with the same team, he can haulthe same load with less exertion thanwith narrow tires, and every time hiswide-tired wagon goes over an eart'ihoad it will roll it instead of ruttingitORGANIZATION OF HOUSEBY THE DEMOCRATS.WASHINGTON, March 29. Organization of the new House by the Democrats was declared to be assuredMonday night by Representative Ran-jdall, of California, Prohibitionist, anaone of the five so-called independentsupon whom the political complexionof the House seemed to hinge.Mr. Randall returned to Washington Monday night from Los Angeles.On reading a statement issued duringthe day by Republican Leader Mann,offering to retire from the race forthe speakership in favor of SpeakerClark if a bipartisan or non-partisanorganization were agreed upon, hesaid Mr. Mann was too late, that hewas in a position to say that enoughof the independents wouldi vote withthe Democrats to give the latter a majority and assure the Administrationof control by its party of both housesof Congress.There have been indications for several days that the Democratic leadershad received satisfactory informationconcerning the independents. SpeakerClark and other sppkesmen of theparty have predicted' the outcome aj)parently with complete confidence.Democrats and Republicans go intothP orsanizatfan ficht with 214 members each, and 218 votes are requiredto elect the Sneaker. So four of thefive independents must join the Democrats to re-elect Speaker Clark, unlessthere are defections from the Republican ranks.The bone-cutter soon earns, its costby ponverting what would otherwise tbe waste into a splendid chicken food'i STARS ANDtSTRIPES TO -JOIN FRENCH TRI-COLORS.I WASHINGTON, March 29. Rjprodale, members of the Foreign Relations Committee of the House, discussed the international situation with Secretary Lansing, Monday.During the conference SecretaryLansing indicated that one .plan to aid3ar ana tnat anotner unuer consiaei-Tests by an Eastern railroad haveshown that its green switch tragetsnvi rmnyn oncilv coon if rnilltol Wltll fS"iQ Dorder.Resembling an ordinary gasolinecar. a recently invented automobileis propelled by electicity generated bya gasoline motor.You Don't Have toStoopIf You Use aGarlandCabinetRange3&ir-flTa-'i'- r f T -eiiSH?:TZZ. . i. 1 .niLl 1&&9G$K.- TTJitD . , liL. .' 'iltJ 1BSW&va !S?8BWiHTnimamSs-"rifr-rj-gA beautiful line of Garlands on display. Come in and look them over.Paris Gas & Electric Co.(Incorporated)S?cst id viouv case,In spite ojajrcGze;coat -1X5tolEVsrr tt 1 TO f oplease:DON'T let a cold snapbother you any.Keep that coal binup. If you need ityou can 'have itfillednowpromptly, because our delivery is as full of speed asour coal is full of quality.BURNFOX RIDGECOALW. C. D0DS0N5&i&ggEBMK3fiM&HBHBrSSS2?jrfUji1 K-LVvi 4VUJ JU1 ? aills'jeiiaiijf. IWhssesJPCscFj99mWmMMwiK1 I Wf-ymSMEs!1 1 lK3BKw-. Lr trr-t , "5-ZES3-fl3rgT'ra?rafrffcfwWi riI lIMusourCfltHM.o Vs-rrL-ixi si mn -.&&C9BH9B9HBBBBHBHHHEE6SERm3MHBQHHBI jm LyflKHHigW Sun 3bJfThe sun's scorching raysburn tiny cracks and wrinklesinto exposed woodwork. Nextcomes the driving rain, soakingthe parched boards. Decay follows.Protect your house from the sun with paint of DutchBoy White Lead thinned with pure linseed oil. Thatin proof against all sorts of weather and long keeps ahandsome, smooth appearance.Whatever your needs in painting (big orboth the advice and the materials necessary for a firstclass job. Write, 'phone or call.C, A. DAUGHERTY1 Automobile Hearse or Ambulance!I desire to announce to our friends that I can, wheredesired, furnish an automobile hearse or ambulance. Thismethod of transpertation is especially desired on long trips,the same beinp; made in better time, and at no advance incost over the horse-drawn conveyance.GEO. W. DAVIS,II'i g3 &&2'3&3iIn- CLr-iaic is DelightfulDURING MARCH AND APRIL.Lnjc-ij tLe Likitj eir cud simslime in tnis eucliantingland of flowers. Plaij golf or tenuis, motor, fell, sail orrow. Low rouucl trip isres, end convenient train service.Tickeb io Maw Orleans and Gulf Coast poinb via LouisvilleeT Nasiivillo K. JR., ponnic side hip io Peusacola ai slitfit costTor illustrated literature, scLodules, eta, applu, to localrepresentatives ot Lg Louisville cV NasLvillo R. R. or addressR. D. Pussxj, General Passengot Agent, Louisville, Kxj.L. & N. TIME TABLE(Effective Sunday, May 28, 1916, 12.01)TRAINS FROM ARRIVALNo.134 Lexington, daily except Sunday 5:18 m34 Atlanta, daily . ...-- 5:25 ant25 Cynthiana, daily except Sunday 7:35 am10 Rowland, daily except Sunday 7:36 am11 Maysville daily except Sunday 7:38 am40 Lpxington daily except Sunday , ...7:40 am17 Maysville, daily except Sunday 9:50 am37 Cincinnati, O., daily 9:52 am12 Lexington, daily 10:12 am33 Chicago, daily 10:17 am26 Lexington, Daily Except Sunday 12:00 m29 Cynthiana, Daily Except Sunday 2:55 pm9 Maysville, Daily Except Sunday 3:00 pm138 Lexington, Daily 3:12 pm38 Knoxville, Tenn., Daily 3:15 pm19 Maysville, Daily 5:40 pm39 Cincinnati, Daily Except Sunday 5:50 pm14 Lexington, Daily Except Sunday 6:18 pm32 Jacksonville, Fla., Daily 6:33 pm31 Cincinnati, O., Daily 10:38 pm130 Lexington Daily 10:23 p mTRAINSFORNo.1634401110253713333Maysville, Daily except SundayCincinnati, wailyCincinnati, daily except SundayLexington, daily except SundayMaysville, daily except SundayLexington, daily except SundayKnoxville, dailyLexington, dailyJacksonville, daily18 Maysville, daily261338399143230139118119129Cynthiana, daily except SundayLexington, daily except aunaayCincinnati, dailyLexington, daily except Sunday.,Rowland, Daily except SundayMaysville, daily except SundayChicago, dailyCynthiana, daily except Sunday-Lexington, Sunday onlyMaysville, Sunday onlyRowland, Sunday onlyLexington, Dailyrrv ,. ITlTTtr? cxj s - ja i - wjaNO. TRAINS ARRIVE FROM2 Frankfort, Ky., Daily Ex. Sunday 7:38 a. m,4 Frankfort, Ky., Daily Ex. Sunday 5:50 p. aa.TRAINS DEPART FOR .' -1 Frankfort, Ky Daily Ex. Sunday ;...., -8: 25 a, m-5 Frankfort, Ky., Daily Ex. Sunda ".-..,.,,: H:'p...rFRIDAY, MARCH H, 1$17.inA-7M&133X,iCHOFlittle) we haveFuneral DSreclor.g$ggg3g&te&lfeacu tlie Beautiful MississippimLEAVE5577A 7D9v. 101030 am30 am45 am47 am48 am55 am57 am20 am22 am04 pa05 pm17 pa20 pa57 ffn00 ?m33 pm38 pm48 Dm38 pmSO pm40 pin.-. 121263566669996:35 p ml"TCr"rWTI r- juui - jl -gra fcJi ,w.n EVT4 IW.V4a A imI A I A ? Ir Z-cyS ,, .dfLJ .&LiramkY, MARCH 30, 1917.THE BOURBON NEWS, PARIS, KY.PAQBTHRCPANNOUNCEMENT.MONTGOMERY COUNTY FAIR. ELECTS NEW OFFICERS."We are authorized to announce th3good Democrats below as candidates The following officers have been? ? J"10?? Primary on August elected for the Montgomery County4, 1S17, to fill the offices to which rv,it.. r n n :,, i. .m . vy. a. luuuiyauu, yi caiUCUk U.UUtreasurer; W. Hoffman Wood, secretary, and Ben W. Hall and R. D.Barnes, vice presidents. Dates select; ed at the last meeting, July 25. 26, 27tand 28, were approved. The .presidentthey aspire:FOR STATE SENATORLEE W. WAINSCOTT,Clark County.GEORGE HON,Clark County.ABRAM RENICK,Clark County.FOR REPRESENTATIVE.C. M. THOMASappointed th following standing comuiiLLeea; opeeu ana Jttacing, jonn u.Green wade and W. Hoffman Wood;Music, J. C. Graves; Concessions andMidway, D. N. Young and W. HoffmanTXTnnA -Dnrr n n ml T-.FOR SHERIFF. th, -numm, w. x. j. iiumy son, n.vxhtt. a Airn.T.TJTnnTr l w. naii anu k. t. juay: Advertising.... Doo Marshall and Bob Gilkey as'J- c- Graves, R. L. Coleman and Wdeputies. Hoffman Wood; Floral Hall, R. LL. A. SOPER ; Coleman and W. Hoffman Wood andWith D. E. Clarke and L.' C. Ashcraft Mrs- w- Hoffman Wood, superintend-as deputies.FOR COUNTY ATTORNEYDAVID D. CL1NE.COUNTY SUPERINTENDENTSCHOOLS.J. B. CAYWOOD.MISS MABEL ROBBINS,OFFOR JAILERGEO. W. JUDYTHOS. TAUL,JOHN H. DOTY,WALKER RISER,C. T. MASTERSON,W. O. BUTLER,JOHN W. KING,J. W. HART.FOR ASSESSORWALTER CLARK,t Paris, with Jno. J. Redmon, of NorthMiddletown, as deputy.GEO. D. SPEAKES,1 Paris, with Lee R. Craven, of LittleRock at Deputy.FOR MAYORJAMES H. MORELAND.W. O. HINTONFOR POLICE JUDGECLAUDE P. REDMON,J. W. BROWN,P. A. THOMPSONHARRY L. MITCHELL.ERNEST MARTINCOAL GAS RUNS AUTO.The unprecedented war demand forgasoline is stimulating the search forsubstitutes. The latest fuel to be usedsuccessfully to run a motor-car is comnressed illuminating gas. The tesfwas carried out by the city officialsof Glasgow, Scotland. A machinewas especially built with two highpressure tanks and a low-ipressuretank where the gas could expand onits way to the engine. The cars aresaid to have run perfectly. The en-ent; Grounds, D. N. Young and C. GThompson; Track, C. G. Thompsonand W. Hoffman Wood; Finance, BenW. Hall and D. N. Young; Employment R. T. Judy, D. N. Young and B.W. Hall. The directors of the fairhope to open the way for a big agricultural exhibit in Mt. Sterling inOctober. Active work on the fair program will begin at once.PRESIDENT WELL GUARDED(Washington Star)President Wilson is now one of themost closely guarded rulers in theworld. Twelve secret service menguard the President night and day.eJeiie;and The faT and bir oTsSOCIAL AND PERSONAL.Comings and Goings of OurPeople Here, There andElsewhere.-Miss Mabel Robbins has returnedfrom a brief visit to friends in Danville. Miss Melissa Nfc.snn ia. n. tmpRtof Mr. and" Mrs. Lloyd Nelson, inWinchester.Mrs. Wm. R. Blakemore continuesseriously ill at her home on EastEighth Street.Mr. John Letton, who has been a"shut-in" lor several weeks, is ableto be out again.Mrs. Margaret Laughlin has returned from a visit to friends and relatives in Cynthiana.Mr. Owen Gibson and Mr. Anderson Cahal were guests of friends inWinchester recently.Miss Sena Rion, of Paris, was aguest this week of Mrs. RobertOgden, in Winchester.Mrs. Lena Parkei and niece, MissEthel McPheeters, are visiting Mrs. J.H. Keyes, in Winchester.Mrs. Mattie Hibler lias returnedfrom St. Louis, M-o., where she snenlthe winter with relatives.Mrs. Taylor Chandler and daughter, of Covington, are guests of relatives and friends in this city.Messrs. Louis Rogers, Wm. Woodford and James L. Robbins were business visitors in Winchester this week.Mrs. Roy Turner has returned toher home near Paris after a visit tothe family of Mr. J. Newton Ammerman, near Cynthiana.Mr. and Mrs. Edward Brannon, ofLexington, were in Paris, Monday, toDARING FEAT IN THE AIRSAVES BRITISH FLIERSWith Plane Wrecked by Shells Observer Climbu Out on Wings.House, which maintains a twenty-four Ellen Frances Kelleynour vigil in connection with theclosed gates of the Executive Mansion and other guard duty, now number no less than fifty men. This additional force was put on duty at thetime of Germany's threat to resumeruthless submarine warfare and whenAmbassador von Bernstorff was givenhis passports.SIGNS OF GOOD DIGESTION.When you see a cheerful and happyold lady you may know that she btwrood digestion. If your digestion isimpaired or if you do not relish youmeals take a dose of Chamberlain's MrMr. N. H. Bradley, Mrs. Mary II.Bradley, Misses Mary and NevadaBradley have returned from a visit torelatives in Maysville.Miss Emma Smith and Mr. Newton Smith have returned from a visitto their sister, Mrs. John Taylor, andMr. Taylor, in Cynthiana.Mrs. Abram Renick, of Winchester, is a patient at the Massie Memorial Hospital, in this city, where sheis under medical treatment.Messrs. Charles Peddicord, Clarence Thomas and Swift Champ are atWest Baden Springs, West Baden, Indiana, for a ten-days' stay.Mrs. Henry Rippetoe and nephew,Stokely Rion, have returned toWith the British Armies in France,via London. One of the most thrillingflying episodes of the war was record- ied when the British observer in a twoseated machine which had been damaged by German shell fire climbed odton one of the wings and steadied theairplane while the pilot brought it safely to earth.Two young aviators were leading anoffensive patrol when an anti-air crafthigh explosive shell burst just behindthe right lower wing of the airplane.The machine was completely riddled.Three of the stay booms were cut, oneblade of the propeller was blown awayand all the controls except the elevatorwere put out of. action. The machinewas further smashed by the brokenpropeller blade and became uncontrollable. Realizing the situation, the observerdid not hesitate, but climbed out threequarters of the way on the right wingtip in order to balance the machine.The air craft continued to fall inspirals, however, until it was about2,000 feet above the earth. Here theobserver succeeded in balancing it, andthe machine glided down evenly. Whenabout 200 feet from the earth a slightmovement by the man on the wingcaused the machine to spin again, butthe pilot was able to control it whenjust ten feet above the ground, and theair craft landed with neither man injured.Fewer Eggs arerequired withBAKSNGPOWDERIn many recipes the number of eggs may be reducedwith excellent results by using an additional quantityof Royal Baking Powder, about a teaspoon, for each eggomitted. The following recipe is a practical example:Chocolate Sponge RollROYAL1H cups flourteaspoon salt1 cup sugar2cers2 squares melted chocolate2 tablespoons melted shortenlssY cup hot water1 teaspoon vanilla2 teaspoons Royal BakingPowderTablets. They strengthen the stomach, improve the digestion and causea gentle movement of the bowels. Obtalnable everywhere.(adv-mar)RURAL DELIVERY.Do you know what R. D. means?Then write it R. D. No. 1, or whateveryour number may be. Perhaps somewill say the legal letters are R. P. D.,but the F. is useless and a misnomer.The city man's mail is delivered athis door much mail, several times agineers say that mechanism can easily i day and with no F. on it, although hobe devised with which the auto en-J belongs to one class that receives freegine can be used for compressing the delivery.gas into tanks. They conclude that On the contrary, if there is one classthe fuel is cheap, and quite practica- of citizens whose property lies out ofhie for short mns or city use, although tfoors, fully spread out before thethe supply will have to be renewed eyes of the assessor, it is the farmer;much oftener than is the case with and, whether he pays directly in pur-gasoline.HOW TO PREVENT CROUP.When the child is subject to at-chased or canceled stamps for the fullcost of rural delivery, it is in no sensefree, arid should not be so designated.R. R. means railroad, and R. means4 et aIo s4 ssv ere-. f it- ln Vi r rnrTrL ur' cc , " c , :r nothing; F. means free, and we livea light evening meal, as an overload t. , . .. T , ' ..ed stomach may bring on an attack the rd in the Land of the Free-inAJso watch for the first sympoms- a free country, but not in so-calledhoarseness, and give Chamberlain'i free delivery to the self-respecting, taxCough Remedy as soon as the chile flaying rural citizensbecomesvhere.hoarse. Obtainable every(adv-mar)NO REFERENCE TO ALLUSIONS.This Is the season for "after muchpersuasion and great reluctance, Ihave decided to yield to the importunities and announce myself a candidate for" (here insert office.) Thestatement may be true In some in-Tho word rural tells where to go;delivery, what to do; and that is sufficient, but not too much, direction.Write it R. D., and ask others to joinin making it the standard form.IN CASE OF WARIf war must come between Germanyand the United States, Paris, (Ky.),can furnish more than one companyof bachelors, who have hearts bravestances, but we have noticed that it enougll to f any masculine regimen-,is generally the man with the bee in of Germanyt 0f course they could facehis bonnet, who puts up such a speil Turkey better if sent by way of Hun-for the office he is honing to secure, gary, but they would be very apt toprove somewhat timid or even backBohemia is preparing to buy blooded ward ln the Yicinity of th6 femininemaree In North and South America as f Red CpoS8 d rt.soon as opportunity arises and to dis- o,m , rtaA naa ,ionQpose of them at auction to breeders ment Should the Red Cross nursesand farmers in various parts of the Issue a "call to arms they mightempire. tnen bsLVB the nerve to respond..1PERUNA in Your HomeA" housewife must give the first aid in colds, coughs andother ailments. Her promptness in applying the remedy oftensaves a serious illness. Her experience with remedies has ledher to know that PERUNA is always reliable, that she shouldhave it on hand for the immediate treatment of coughs andI colds, and that it is always to herThe FamilySafeguardThe experience of onewoman, given herewith, istypical of thousands of letters that reach the PerunaCompany from gratefulfriends whohave found theirhomes incomplete, and their.family safety indanger withoutPERUNAColds and CatarrhThe great weight of testimony that has accumu--WpHinthp.44 vears that PERUNA' has been on thef market proves it, beyond question, to be the reliable family remedy, ever ready 10 lase, preventing me Eenuus uuwu ui tuiuo,coughs, grip and derangements of the digestive organs. Thisproof is publishsd from time to time and many families haveprofited by it.Jterxaferwi ran vbUn PERUSA h Uttet lam far rr cwtlii. Cjny ittriA 74U i be (r rtT-d -wtt taiim atUcir.The Pruna- Cowpaay, Columbus, OhioMrs.George Parker,Wis..-writes:"We have used Peruna in our familyfor a number ofyears. &ud havefound it a perfectlyreliable medicine.It soon rids the system of any tracesof a cold, and prevents serious .consequences. "I began using itfor catarrh, whichI suffered with agood many years.but had not been very serious until recently.Sincr I have taken Peruna the dropping In mytluo.it has discontinued, and my head and noseare not feo stopped up in the morning. lampleased vith the results, and shall continue touse It until I am entirely rid of catarrh.'i heartily recommend it as an bonestfcnedicine.What it dees for her it is ready to do for you.their homes in Lexington, after a visitto Mr. and Mrs. John Wilder, on Highstreet.Mr. W. B. Allen, who has been apatient at tha Massie Memorial Hospital, in Paris, several weeks, continues to improve, but will remain in theinstitution another week.Mr. and Mrs. John J. Redmonhave returned to their home nearNorth Middletown, after a visit toMr. Redmon's niece, Mrs. Thomas H.Minary, and Mr. Minary, in LouisvilleMr. W. P. Campbell, of Butte,Montana, arrived last week for a visitto his parents, Mr. and Mrs. J. H.Campbell, on the Bethlehem Pik.Mr. Campbell, after making a stay ofa few weeks, will return WestMr. Newsum Keller, recently amember of the Signal Corps, Co. A., ofthe Kentucky State Guard, which wasmustered out at Lexington, Sunday,has arrived in Paris to visit his parents, Dr. and Mrs. A. H. Keller.Mr. and Mrs. Wm. Stokeley andchildren, Elmer and J. T. Stokeley, ant'Mr. and Mrs. Lee Stokeley and daughter, Louise, have returned to theirhomes in Winchester after a visit trelatives in Paris and the county.Mrs. Mayme Remington Parrishsister of Messrs. William and FrankRemington, of Paris, who has been apatient at the Good Samaritan Hospital, in Lexington, for the past threeweeks, returnedi home Wednesday,greatly improved in health.Mr. and Mrs. Robert Frank andchildren, Robert Frank, Jr., and MissHallie Frank, left Wednesday afternoon for Saranac Lake, New York,where they will remain one year. MistHallie Frank has been in very pooihealth for some time, and it is hopedthe change of climate may prove beneficial to her.Winchester Dally Sun: "Mrs.Thomas McCray has returned to herhome in North Middletown, Bourboncounty, after a visit to her .parents,Mr. and Mrs. Thos. I. Davis. She wasaccompanied home by her neice, MisiPauline Jones, who Is recuperatingtrom an attack of appendicitis Mr.and Mrs. James Gregory, of near Paris,were recent guests of Mr. and MrsJohn Bayless Mr. Thomas Hollt-day is moving this week to the farmhe recently purchased from Mr. Burbridge, in Bourbon county."The following court officials andattorneys were guests of Mr. and Mrs.P. A. Thompson, at a six o clock dinner at their home on Stoner Avenue,Tuesday evening: Judge Robert L.Isrniir Jiidere C. A. McMillan. JudfTe'Harmon Stitt, County Attorney GorgeBatterton, Circuit Clerk William H.Webb, Sheriff W. F. Talbott, DeputySheriffs Wm. G. McCllntock and J. 01lie Marshall, Jailer Jos. A. Farris,County Clerk Pearce Paton, Commonwealth's Attorney Victor Bradley andMaster Commissioner Oscar T. HintonPLANS FOR TRAININGThe old method colled for 4 eggs csd no balun; powderDIRECTIONS Sift flour, baking powder and salt together threetimes. Beat whole eggs. Add slowly sugar, then boiling waterslowly; add next vanilla, melted chocolate and melted shortening,loilhoul beating. Sift in dry ingredients, and fold in as lightly aspossible. Pour into large baking pan lined with oiled paper, andbake in slow oven twenty minutes. When done, turn out on adamp, hot cloth, spread with white icing and roll.Booklet of recipes which economize in cjrza and etherexpensive ingre&ects mailed free.Address ROYAL, BAKING POWDER CO.iwjwi'!,..i ringerIZS William St., Newv-riBOURBON FARM CONDITIONS.NewHigh .prices of foodstuffs of aK.I kinds continue to prevail. PotatoesThe vernal equinox was heralded iare sun sei-'nS at ninety cents ain this county by a severe electrical. peck and egs at tnirty cents a dze-. ... -ViMirrV 4"Virtrr Trtn tmaia ? 4ls lAinram and windstorm, followed by a "1Mue UJUiC U1- " itwji row finv nf inrio,i c..n;na o.i on me market lasi weeK uian comaFRfj CITIZENS showers, all of which has had the -?e disP.sed of readily. Hens are sell-Ilia ' llw ... incr of ninofoon nanfc o nnnnil rTienect 01 retresmng the earth and ""--- u ". wv-causing the grass to take on a deepergreen, as a promise of things tocome.Farmers have taken advantage ofevery hour of this good weather tomake progress with their work, andmany tobacco beds have been burned.crniinrl nrpnarml fnr fnrrton qaafla-.. -. r 4 , i "rrr-.j i p- - -- r" " . o w mwwmm,xuLK.-.uujor uewn ou, winter3 accumulation of trashPlattsburg to Have Four Camps.Others at Portland and atPlum Island.commander of the department of the burned or othenvise disDOsed of. andeast, announces mat training camps other lh done ugfor clvUians in the department wil bo oc time and attention about thisheld this summer at Plattsburg, Plum H f thIsland and Portland. The Plattsburg, 3camp will be for the senior division Rains and hiSh winds ve greatlyand the other two for tbe junior dlvl- retarded the hemp-breaking, which isalon. The senior camp contemplated usually finished by this time. Theat Forfc Oglethorpe. Ga., is still under WII"er uas Deen auogeuier unsuitaDinconsideration.for the setting and spreading of theThere will be four camns at Platts- ' fiDer consequently the work of mar-burg June 2 to July 1, July 7 to Aug. ketIllS the nemP nas been unavolda5, Aug. 11 to Sept 0 and Sept 15 to bly delayed. A much larger acreageOct 14. Men between eighteen and wiU be cultivated this year, as theand some farm wives are retailingthem at ?1 each. Country butter instill scarce, owing to the extensireshipping of cream to the creameries.RANK FOOLISHNESS.You occasionally see it stated tha:colds do not result from cold weatier.This is rank foolishness. "Were ittrue colds would be as prevalent is.midsummer as in midwinter. Themicrobe that causes colds flouriahein damp, cold weather. To getvridof a cold take Chamberlain's Co?Lgh.Remedy. It is effectual and is highlyrecommended by people who havoused it for-many years as occasion' recuired, and know its real value. Obtainable everywhere.(adv-mar)Now they've discovered there was 2recmlar Billv Sundav befora the raro-"-" m 1 t ' C.forty-five are eligible. Applicants from Price reaiizeu ior me proauct nas lution. Probably they worried thax'forty-five to fifty-five must obtain spe- .Deen very encouraging to the farmers. I about women's dresses too. ?clal permits to attend and do so at I 1 1their own expense.The junior division for boys fromfifteen to eighteen will hold two campsat Fort Terry. They will be fromJune 30 to July 29 and from Aug. 2 toAug. 30. Two camps will also be heldat Portland for the same periods.Plans are being made for a camp fornegroes on Plattsburg lines. If 200possessing the necessary qualificationsapply for membership it is intended tobegin instruction in June under the direction of regular army officers, assisted probably. b3' noncommissioned officers from the crack negro regimentsin the service...t...t..i..i.4i.t.i..i..i..t.t.!..t.i..i..i..i..i..i..t.4..i..i..i..i.t.i...i..i..i..i..i..i..i..i..i..n.iti II 1 IIIWolf, Wile & Co.Lexington, KentuckyWOMEN CROSS HUDSON ON ICEThis IsThe ProperSelect YourTime To(Other Personals on Page 5)"FIRST AID" THAININGCLASS ORGANIZED.mA First Aid Training Class lias recently been organized in connectionwith the Paris Chapter of the RedCross Society. It is desired that theFirst Aid Training Ciass Increase itsmembersliip and those desiring to become members may do so by callingon Mrs. Georgia Webb, at the ParisBook Store, giving their name andpaying ?1.25, which amount will beused in (purchasing equipment andsupplies, or, applicants for membership may call Mrs. John F. Davis.Cumb. Phono 630.On Tuesday, April 10, the First AidTraining Class will entertain with ncard party at the Elk's Hall. Acharge of 50 cents for each player, or?2 per table of four persons, will bemade. This includes refreshmentsReservations should be made at once,as the provision for players will belimited to number who T order. Arrangements 'for reervations for thecard party should 'be inide with jtfrs.Arthur Hancock.Fiv From Highland Falls Make Perilous Trip In Safety.Albany, N. Y. On a dare five youngwomen, including Miss May Streb-blng of Highland Falls, safely walkedacross the lee on the Hudson river recently, they jubilantly reported, fromHighland Falls to Manltou, Putnamcounty.Although the ice could be beardcracking and rumbling in places, theyhurried across safely. Few men havecrossed the river south of Newburghthis winter on the ice, and no suchventures have been made by women.With Miss Strebbing on the risky tripwere Miss Nora Connors, Miss AnnieO'Malley, Miss May Fuller and Mrs.Mary Cook of nighland Falls."PR1NTLESS NEWSPAPER."Matters of Public Interest Are Sent Outby Telephone.Vevay, InL What Is believed to bethe first "prlutless newspaper" inAmerica is now a flourishing institution in Switzerland county.The "newspaper" is a daily telephonebulletin furnished to the subscribersof a telephone company.At a certain hour each day the exchange operators in all parts of thecounty call the subscribers to the telephone and report news developmentsof interest. Weather forecasts, births,deaths, weddings, accidents, serious illness, elopements and divorce suits arereported.? 2 3 A i ? 7 -, vt $ j 2 JBARS JOKING FINN ASUNITED STATES CITIZEN$ANfw Ynrk- Tlir T'niturl Stfifps5 has lost a citizen in Gustavo A. 3Johnson, a Russian Finn, whoapplied in Jersey City for hisfinal papers. "What is the con-stituUon of the United States?"asked the judge. The replycame, "Rugged and healthy, Ishould say." Johnson also said frthe country could go somewhere,whereupon he was sent -some-, jwhen else to wit to iaU. ' MitMitiIf !SPRINGCORSETrJust before you buy your Spring Gown or Tailor Suitlet us fit you to any one of the many excellent style "corsets we carry. For weeks we have been receiving thenewest models produced byThe Redfern ManufacturersThe Madame Irene ManufacturersThe Bien Jolie ManufacturersThe La Camille (Front Lace) MakersThe Nemo ManufacturersThe Warner Rustproof Manufacturers 'jAnd our own Nannette MakersShapes, styles and prices to suit every customer Pitand comfort assured and hygienic fittings given by. expert fitters. '"Make your appointment at once for a fitting. ' 'Wolf, WileLexington, Kentucky.Coimm HiMiiiiiiiiiiii n-NtPAGE FOURTHJJ BOURBON NEWS, PARIS, KY.FRIDAY, MARCH 30, ITU.Lri:i!MltfII,"rs-'.-vj.BOWLING GAMES.N As an aftermatli of the bowling sea-.t-on, "which closed in Paris recently bythe Curtis Henry team cinching thechampionship in the League race, theGeorgetown team came over Monday, might and trimmed the Paris team bya 'majority of 78 pins.The game was a fast and good one,Ammerman starring for the Georgetown team. Fleming following with209 In the second game. Other scoresranged from 133 to 190, the nearestapproach to the 200 leader's marks.Even "Old Man Betts," the veteran ofthe bowling game in Central Kentucky, displayed lots of "pep" andmade 188 in the third game.For Paris, Thomas bowled the highacore of 203 in the second game, with- Duncan following second by 198 in thefirst game. Jackson made 193 in thefirst game, while other members ofthe team made scores ranging from131 to 193, the nearest approach tcfthe 'leaders being 193. The score follows: PARIS1Duncan 198Jackson 193Henry 160Funk 132Thomas , 134REAL ESTATE DEALSAND LAND SALES.Mr. J. Oscar Hedges, of BourbonEXPRESS AGENTS MEET INSESSION AT WINCHESTERThe recently-organized Adams'DON'T CALL IT A "WEEK."After five years of effort to induceEx- the public to diiferentiate its real21531581671572033147150131157169Totals 817GEORGETOWNJBetts 134-Allen 158Tleming 166Gibson 133Ammerman 1337 838 754156142209130190318815018314021-5Totals 774Georgetown Total.877 877....2478this city, a five-room frame cottage onKentucky avenue, in the Rosedale Addition to Paris, Mr. J. P. Peterson, ofMason county, being the purchaser, ata private iprice. Mr. Peterson and family will move to their new home nextweek.O. H. Robinson, of Paris, purchasedof Anna Bryant, of Harrison county, aone-story cottage in Gorey's Additionto Paris, at a private price.Mr. Mike Shea, of this city, sold lastweek to Mr. Rome Purcell, of thecounty, two and one-half acres of land,with improvements, located on Howard's Lane, near Paris, at a privateprice. Mr. Purcell will move to theproperty this week.Mr. Grant Owsley has sold his interest in the restaurant firm of Owsley &Harris to Mr. W. S. Dale, of Covington, who will in the future conductthe business in partnership with MrHarris, who is his brother-in-law.Mr. Strother B. Mahorney, of thecounty, purchased of Miss Mattie Dongof Paris, a frame cottage in RuddlesMills, at a private price.Mrs. Candace Smith sold to Mr.JThos. Kiser, of this cfty, a one-storyI frame cSttage on Maysville street, in, '' . I the Massie Addition to Paris, at aAfraid they would get rusty and miss nQt madesomething good the members of .he, M Margaret stivers gold t0 Mrsr Dowim5 i5UC, Willett Snyder a one-story framebe satisfied with remaining inactive,, .. A . rrWfrt A,i.n . -pscratched up a game Tuesday nightfrith the Curtis Henry team, winnersof the 1917 championship in thecounty, has sold his section of land Press Agents Association, composed o CAMPAIGNS from the ordinary andknown as the Roy Johnson farm, locat the representatives of the Adams Ex- odius clean up "week" or, worse yet,ed near West Point, Miss., to Mr. K. press Company in this section, met at the "day," so redolent of "the annualC. Petree, of Lexington. Mr. Hedges the Brown-Proctoria Hotel in Winches- bath" and so generally derided byhas since then purchased one hun-,ter Tuesday afternon. The objects of the press as such, the National Cleandred acres, with all the improvements, the meeting and the conferences of up and Paint Up Campaign Bureauof the Samuel M. Cassiday farm, local- the agents are for the purpose of de- is ever a willing party to any suched two miles out on the old Frankfort vising ways ana means tnrougli whicn day" or "week."pike. The sale wasOmade by Mr. Ed-."16 loss by damage to express ship-1 The Bureau has always Insisted upward H. Byars, of Lexington, who nejment3 c11 be curtailed., During the on real campaigns, to continue indefigotiated the sale of Mr. Hedges' Bour- j PMt ? according to reports and niteiy, though it suggests an "Openbon county farm some time agp. figures submitted to the Association, illg week" and a six-day program, toMr. Charles B. Gilman, of Lexing- the Adams Express Company paid the give directions and impetus to a half-ton, sold last week, through the realiaum OL ,vvv,vvv in ciaims ior proper- dozen leading features of the dozenestate firm of Harris & Speakes, of damaged or lost in transit iQr gcore of definite ami differentinoso who attended tne meeting at things thatf under its plangf are un.Winchester were: F. L. Grinstead, ,1nrtnvfiT1 fnr nermfinont and visibleChairman, Lexington; James H. Wood. resuit8mi. biening; j. u. norton, uyntmana; TxnrAW nnv nf thfiSB thines. excentComingAttractionsPARfS GRAND Ai ALIOParis Total 2400Georgetown's Majority TSj cottage in Thornton Addition to Paris,adjoining the Louisville & Nashvilleright-of-way, at a private price.League race and took them into campto the tune of 97 .pins. The winningteam was gotten together by TomFunk and christened "Funk's BigFive." While no championship scores"were made, both teams proved theyhad their lampb trimmed, the scoresranging close to the 200 mark severaltimes.For the Funk team Funk led witha. score of 199 in the second game,Thomas following for second placewrith 188. Other scores Tanged from114 to 184. For the "Champs," Henry"WHAT DO YOU KNOW?"How many times have you beenasked that very identical question byTHE NEWS man? Too many times toremember, perhaps. Now let us suggest that you change the acceptedorder of procedure for one that will bea vn "irovemenL Instead of waiting ior us to ask you, suppose you justtake the initiative and tell us, or writeus, or phone us what you know in thenature of a news item.That Htfl niaA nf InfnrmnHnn vnilled with 197 in? the third game, and have revolvlng around in yoUr craShankland second, with 183 in the be Qf t iraportailCesecond game. Other individual scores bufc to otherg it may be Qf yital- i inn i. 101 mu l.n.fi nilxangea irom o w 101. xuo uuJO llnf.rMf nnH mnv h ftvpn of consider-felt.happy in being in the game aga.n, aMe yalue Every piece of newg you-ana omer contest ma, wv -""" read in THE NEWS we have receivedTne score ioiiows:FUNK'S BIG FIVE12 3.152 159 124Duncan.from some source or other. The efforts of the people make the paper ofgreater interest and value to you. NowtT iqa -ii A -inc suppose you reciprocate and do asJackson 180 114 15b . .1S8 know.it is mannesuy impossiDie ior anyHadden 184Funk 165Thomas 158169199188Totals 839 829CURTIS HENRY & CO.aulconer 165IShankland 171Harper 167Lytle 147Henry 1561281831181351541r4one paper to get ALL the news going,733 'just as it is manifestly impossible forjany news man to sit at a desk all daylong, and get all that is going just thesame. He's bound to get something onthe missing line.3138145126181197TotalsFunk's Totals. .806 718787.2406Curtis Henry Totals 2311Funk's Majority 97TAKES UP DUTIES.Mr. Douglas Thomas, who recentlyredred an appointment from the StateGame and Fish Commission as GameWarden for Bourbon county, has entered upon the discharge of his duties.Mr. Thomas is a thorough sportsman,loving sport for sport's sake, and notfor game hogging, and will make theoffenders against the game and fishlaws live hard.OURBON BOY CANDIDATEIN BOYLE COUNTY.Mr. Louis Kriener, son of Mr. andMrs. Nicholas Kriener, of Paris, whohas for several years been Cashier ofthe First State Bank, at Junction City,is a candidate for Deputy Sheriff inIlls adopted county. The ticket reads-"John S. Baughmann for Sheriff, andJohn W. Webb and Louis Kriener,Deputies." Mr. Kriener will make acapable official, and THE NEWS hopeshe -will win out He has held the officeof Police Judge of Junction City two..terms.AUTOS COLLIDE.A head-on collision occurred lateyesterday afternoon at the corner ofSeventh and Main streets betweenwo autos, one a Ford and the other.A Maxwelf, both running light Noone was hurt and the machines were" only slightly damaged. The chauffeursof both machines came dangerouslyear having a personal encounter overthe matter of "who was to blame forthe collision, but were separated bybystanders before any more damagewas done.LADIES' NIGHT.Knights of Pythias and their friendshad a great time at their Castle Halllast night when they became hosts tothe ladies at "Ladies' Night," whichhas been on the tapis for some time.The regular meeting of the lodgewas dispensed with for this occasion,and the entire time was devoted to thepleasure of entertaining the fair women who constitute the sisterhood ofthe order. Excellent music was rendered during the evening by Bishop'sSaxaphone Trio, and extemporaneoustalks were made by different membersof the order.Refreshments were served duringthe evening, in charge of BrigadierGeneral Louis Mussinon and Mrs.Mussinon. .Mrs. Laura Ellis, of Covington, Grand Chief of the PythianSisters for the State of Kentucky, andW. A. Whitcomb, Winchester; J. S.'street and alley cieaning, can bfljesBup, luenmona. mr .uyae uoinver, morQ tnau fairly started in gix days;of Paris Secretary of the Association, h h ,f the advertising centers pubwas unable to be present. Jackson, u interegt ,n a week. cxcept M anFrankfort and Georgetown were not 0pening Week, that interest and adrepresented. I .. . ,, ol, llCT !. ,H1i Tnat the end of the "week."The local campaign leaders in onebig city have the right idea, as shownchild can pump them up to full press- ln me name mey "!""". a"u u"uure with our new foot pump, 75 or 80 which "something is doing everypounds, quickly without fatigue. Fits month in the year, under auspices ofAUTO OWNERS.Underinflated tires are expensive.your tool box.THE CLIFTON-PRATT CO.,(27-2t) Cincinnati, O.NEIGHBORS RESCUE WOMANthe "St. Louis Continuous Clean Upland Paint "Up Campaign Association." I There is no National Clean Upland Paint Up "Week," and no natiou-FROM BURNING BUILDING. ai or couimou uaLC iU1 L"u ui'cm"Week" of' these local campaigns. InThe residence of Charles Riggs, lo-' every week of the year, North orcated on the Moorefleld and Sharps- South, these campaigns are opening,burg pike, a short distance from and continuing; though about 65 perMoorefleld, Nicholas county, was Je- cent of them are opened or re-openedstroyed Tuesday night by fire. The in A.pril and May, most of the othershouse was ocqpied by Mr. and Mrs. C. being opened in the fall, to "get readyW. Riggs and Mr. and Mrs. James for the indoor months," and for HomoGregory. Mrs. Gregory was in the coming Festivals, etc.; and In thehouse alone when the fire occurred. early willter, especially in the SouthShrJLW?f tSleeP' , , , -; !and its winter resort regions. EachThe kitchen roof was about to fall m i ,. ovorvwi1Prp fivP9 its own,,.!, r,l, ,.. ..,... l O !!. .WU1IUUUIV V..V.......vv lit; ii axis naa icauueu. ouiiit; JltJlfcill-bors discovered the fire and were forced to break down a door before Mrs.Gregory was awakened. The loss isestimated at $1,500 with ?250 insurance.B-4 FBREInsure withW.O.HINTON &SON,Agtsopening dates.WE'RE NOT SO WORSE.LUMBER MILLS DESTROYED INBLAZE AT VERSAILLES.The Chenault-Eades Lumber Company, at Versailles was completelydestroyed by fire Tuesday at 12:30o'clock. The blaze started in the planing mill and was discovered by one ofthe hands, who was eating dinner nearby. The high wind threatened theFarmers' Union Mills for a time.The loss Is estimated at about $30,000, with partial insurance. The officewas badly damaged.Fire, wind and lightning insurance. Thomas, Woodford & Bryan.BUYS BOURBON SADDLERFOR CANADIAN RANCHE.Mr. Wm. Winslow, who owns andconducts a big ranche near Winnepeg,Canada, has been spending severaldays with friends in and near NorthMiddletown. While there Mr. Winslow purchased several horses to beshipped at once to his ranche. Amonghis purchases, was a fine black mare,"Ethiopian Princess," a splendid saddle annimal, which he bought fromMcCray Bros., of near North Middletown, at a fancy price.TOBACCO COTTONAll grades, at Harry Simon's(2mar-tf)WEIGHING MAILS.The annual weighing of all mail leaving from and arriving at the Parispostoffice, was begun Tuesday. Thisis an event which takes place everyyear in all offices in which severalMrs. Etta Simms, Supreme Represents I hundred people are employed andtive for the Pythian Sisters for theState, were present and delivered appropriate addresses.which is done by the postoffice officialsin order to base their estimate forappropriations to the railroads forcarrying and handling the mails. Mr.LEXINGTON AUTO SHOW WILL Charles W. Fitlnan is assisting m theATTRACT LOCAL MOTORISTS work for the Paris postoffice. TheJ work will continue until May 1, whenthe figures will be submitted to thePostoffice Department at Washington.h GERMANS DISMISSED.' SAN LUIS POTOSI, MEXICO, Mar.2. More than 2,000 Germans whoMre been working in tbe oil fields atTampico and Vera Cruz have been. 4iamiMd by the oil companies. Many- . tiee km kava arrived hre. They jr Without emptoymeAtLexington's third annual automobileshow, which was formally openedWednesday, and will continue throughSaturday, will be the center of inter ! TRAINING CLASS ENTERTAINED.est during the remainder of the week ;for all local motorists, many of whom! 0n Tuesday, April 10, the First Aidwill visit the Fayette capital to see j Training Class -of the recently-organiz-theexhibits and the auto carnival. id Red Cross Society in Paris willThe. exhibits, which are in the Shel-ve a && Partv at the Masonic Temburn Hall, on South Broadway, are Ple in tnls city- A charge of fiftysaid to be unusually large in num-cents for eaca Player, or $2 per tableber and variety this year. iof four persons, will be made. Thiswin mciuae rerresnments. Reserva-NOTED VIOLINIST COMING, itions should be made at once, as theMr. Jules Falk, noted violinist ofWhile the agitation for better streetsin Paris is a most excellent thing, andmay eventually lead to improvementsof a substantial nature, we may congratulate ourselves that the streets arebetter than in some towns nearby.Last week the Cynthiana Democrat,in commenting on the mass-meetingheld here, said Paris people ought tocome to Cynthiana and see somestreets that were really bad ones.Now comes the Danville Messengerwith the following:"The Women's Clubs at Paris areatritatine the construction of goodstreets. If they will come and seeDanville's poor excuse for streets.they will be willing to put up withwhat they now have."Let us return thanks!FRIDAYMrs. Vernon Castle inthe supreme feature,"PATRIA"Franklin Farnum andAgnes Vernon in"A STRANGERFROM SOMEWHERE"Bluebird supporting castMONDAYBlanche Sweet in"UNPROTECTED"An eye for an eye, atooth for a tooth.Burton Holmes Travelogue. Bray Cartoon.SATURDAYGrand, afternoon and night, ClaraKimhall Young in"Deep Purple"A reissue of Clara Kimball Youngservice.Alamo, afternoon and night, LillianWalker at her best in"Kittie Mackay"A Bluebird feature that has scored onBroadway. Also"BLUFF AND BOWLING"Big V. comedy with all star cast.IHours-Alamo, to 5:30; Paris'Grand7 to 1 0:30, Admission 5 and 1 Oc.Make Your CarLook New ForA Dollar or TwoWhether you paint your car yourself for the"fun of it" or for the tires and gasolene thatthe saving will buy, our Auto Finishes willgive the finish desired at a home-made price.C. A. DaughertyFifth and Main StreetsParis, KentuckyELEGANT SPRING MILLINERY.While our regular Spring OpeningwiU not be held until 'April 6th, weare showing every day some of thesmartest Spring Millinery in strawsthat can be had. The style is justwhat is appropriate for this season ofthe year. The prices are right. Comein.(23-3t) MRS. CORNE W. BAIRD.VISITS LOCAL CHAPTER.Mrs. Emma Menefee, of CovingtonGrand Worthy Matron of the Order ofEastern Star, was a guest of the Chapter at Shawhan yesterday afternoon,and of the Paris Chapter last night.After the transaction of routine business at both meetings, Mrs. Menifeemade an interesting address to themembers of the Chapter. At the closeof the session luncheon was served.Man Wanted.Man past 30 with horse and buggyto sell Stock. Condition Powder inBourbon County. Salary $70 permonth. Address 9 Industrial Bldg.,Indianapolis, Indiana.Sunday, May 6, 1917, fs "Go-To-SuhdaySchool Day" For All Kentucky.One Million People Will Attend. Let's All Go to Sunday SchooL! ! !' ! I' ! ! 4--I-I-! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! f ! ! ! 4-1 ! I ! I' i ! ! !' 'I 1 1 1 I I I IVULCAN Sr PLOWSdc by The Yulcan Plow Co., ewf. m.Ssk fir W!?Si5S3K3S "li-1 . "C -- "Tr" r"S7 -M rTRY THEVULCAN!Sewing WantedMrs. Ed. Small, out hy the day, orat home, No. 1433 South High Street.Prices reasonahle.to the number who order. ArrangeNew York, who has been heard here in ments for reservations for the cardparty should be made with Mrs. Arthur B. Hancock.Public SaleOFFifty Fresh Jerseys,Guernseys andHolsteinsat James Carrick'B, city residence inGeorgetown, Ky., onFRIDAY, MARCH 30; 1917,at 1:00 o'clock p. m.Many of the cows have a test sheetrecord from 32 to 40 ounds per dayprovisions for players will be limited land many of them have records for. . m in . -it- -k v -in nr rtiiTrcjrmaKing irom & lo j.o yuuuuo ui uu.recital several times, will appear hereon the evening of April 5.Mr. Falk is related to Mrs. LouisWollsteln, of Paris, whose guest hewill be, arriving about April 2 for avisit Mr. Falk has appeared in concert and recitals n different citiesthroughout the country, and has received man7 nattering press noticesIrom musical critics, who pronouncehim a finished artist"OLD MAID'S TRANSFORMATION.'The young people of the Little Hockvicinity will present a play at the Little Rock Graded School, to-morrow afternoon, Saturday, March 31, entitled"An Old Maid's Transformation."Those in charge of th.e affair say ItA mmKtnattnn nt alfalfa mool Tiaf. " " "" ."- " iHVC Vt. ttUlUiOscrap, ground bone and a few We- 8ion' Md J6 ' HelP the youngdienU of minor imiportance makes the women with your patronage, and youbeet feed for chicks that can be se-'Hl be helping a worthy cause,' fqrcured. which the proceeds will be used.per week. Most of these ages runfrom 3 to 6 years, they have nice longteats and fine soft udders, free fromlumps, they are kind and gentle, freeand easy milkers. We have sold inthe last few years over.000 in CentralKentucky and they have given perfectsatisfaction to our customers, amongthem dairymen who aave bought theTennessee Jersey from us; say theyhave milked as high as 48 pounds ofmilk per day and test from 5 to 7 percent, butter fat We selected everycow ourselves carefully.Every cow has been given a tubercular test by Dr. Jacobf, State Veterinarian of Tennessee.''" B. P. BROWN, Tennessee.S. C. CARPENTER, Millersburg, KyWell Finished, Strong- Durable, Light Draft.Rib Strengthened Mold, Full Chilled Shinpiece, InterlockedPoint, Land and Standard. Point has Face Chill, Wide EdgeChill, Long Snoot Chill, Patented Extension and is theSTRONGEST and MOST DURABLE Chilled Point made.When buying a Plow, consider Quality First, Price SecondFOR SALS BYG. I Ball GarageCop. Fourth and Pleasant St..Agents Buick AutomobilesGoodyear Tirest!iOur Vulcanizing Departmentis equipped with steam vulcanizer and run by an expert.Steam Heated GarageOPEN DAY AND NIGHTI i I l 1 1 II H 1 1 i ki n n m 1 1 1 9 1 n 1 1 1 n ii I i h I U II j j fV-r&.FRIDAY, MARCH 30, 1917.THE BOURBO NEWS, PARIS, KY,...rFOR THE BESTNOTHING ELSESOCIAL AND PERSONAL.Comings and Goings of OurPeople Here, There andElsewhere.LENT APPROACHING END.Mr. Elmo Gravitt, of Orange, Va.,Is a guest of Mr. Henry L. TerrillCouncilman Jack Woods continuesvery ill at his home on Eighth street.Mrs. TPP .QfnrL-a nV T ..t m iThe celebrated "Blue Ribbon Seeds," guesJ J0 relatives in this city and"BLUE RIBBON SEEDS.'3 papers for 10c, at Busy Bee CashStore. (16-4tF)SPRING STYLE HATScountyMrs. Clyde Keller is ill at the homeof her parents, Mr. and Mrs. OssianEdwards.Mrs. F. E. Faulkner has returnedfrom a visit to Miss Mabel Lyons, mJ-rc..lUgLUUComfortable light weight Stetson's m J ,,- " ,II new colors at S4 and $5. LZS.5S ,ry Jarr is visitmg herall new colors at ?4 and $5.J. W. DAVIS & CO.SALE OF EDIBLES..uaugtiter, Mrs. James Evans, npnrNorth Middletown.Miss Mary L. Rogers, of Columbus,'Ohio, is a cuest of Mrs nonno rThe Altar Guild Girls of St Peter's ' m North Middletown.Episcopal church will have a sale of , Mr and Mrs- Richard H. Willsedibles at Varden's drugstore to-mor- Jf SK?? S,1.1 l ?Ir' androw, Saturday, March 31. The pro- fdTV,5 S Wllls' m Cynthiana.ceeds of the sale will be used for mZj't, i.Ura, Snima11 and MrsBaster demons ot the cUurc., JSSST .TSSSSf $ing.REAL ESTATE TRANSACTIONS Mrs. Offutt Boardman and childrenhave arrived from Chicago far a visitMr. Mike Shea, of Paris, purchased to her mother, Mrs. Mary Irelandof Dr. D. S. Henry, through the real Davls' on Duncan avenue,estate firm of Harris & Speakes, a Mr. James Chambe of Cincln.one-story frame cottage on Clifton nait, were here yesterday to attendavenue, in the old Fair Grounds Addi- the funeral and burial of his aunttion to Paris, for ?950, for immediate Mrs. Hannah Duncan Taylor,occupancy. iI Messrs. John A. Bower, F FNOTICE TO THE PUBtlC. InfJ??? andT Jo!in ' Roach llave vturned from Louisville, where they it-We are agents for Paris and Bour-, tended a convenon of railroad men.bon county for the Kelly Carpet Clean-' Mr. Joseph Chappell and familying uo., oi Lexington, fiione orders "vc uiuveu irom uscondidn. to Parisvill receive prompt attention. Best reside with Mr. Chappell's mother,The Lenten season 'of quiet and fasting is nearing its end, and it is onlyabout two weeks until Easter, whenthe calendar will again be very galawith dances and social entertainments.Easter week promises to be a brilliantone socially, and there will be muchentertaining for the young peoplewho have been denying themselvesworldly (pleasures.The Easter season is one of thehappiest of the year, and all are looking forward to it with the greatest ofpleasure. And what is spring afterwinter but nature speaking of the resurrection? It is the season when dayis lengthening and mastering thenight; light is overcoming darkness,and life springing out of apparentdeath. And it is also the seasonwhen those of us who have been inwinter quarters are beginning to wonder how we are going to get an Easter outfit!PAGE FIV1SOME CLEVER DANCING.Trork anfl satisfaction guaranteed.ELECTRIC DRY CLEANING CO.,(30-2t) Fifth Street.SERVICE DISCONTINUED.Mrs. W. F. Chappell, on Nineteenthstreet.Mrs. T. T. Templin, of Paris, andguests, Mr. and Mrs. John ATnnafioi.i,of Scott county, have returned from avisit to Mrs. Herbert Hunter, in Win! rhpsfprThe railway mail service on theFrankfort & Cincinnati road between Mrs- W. H. Clay, formerly of Paris,Paris, Georgetown and Frankfort, has wlLa has een veiT ill for the past tenbeen discontinued. All mail from ?J? fa er home in Lexington, waspoints on the line is now being dis- mpe 7 aS heInS SlighUytributed from Paris, Georgetown andFrankfort by express pouches. i Dr. George Kent Varden is still in'a critical condition at his home in At-FtAG BLOWS UP. '111?; 5.ls siter' Mrs- Hugh Brent.,flna his father, Dr. Qeorge S. Varden,..., , , . are at his bedside.The high wind yesterday morningtore the big American flag on top of Reports from the Jewish Hospitalthe First National Bank from the flag at Cincinnati, state that Mr. Louispole, and badly damaged it Old Saloshin's condition was slightly imBoreas is the only foreigner who has PTed yesterday, and the operationever been able to lower the flag in at aJ t0 -ve been performed hadpjtris! been deferred.As an added attraction at the ParisGrand Wednesday night the patrons ofthat popular house were treated to agenuine surprise, none the less welcome one, though, in the presentationof Mr. Hughes and Miss Foushee, otLexington, styled "The Dancing Casties of the South."And they well deserved the title, forMr. and Mrs. Vernon Castle wouldhave worthy successors in the coupleof graceful dancers. Several of themost modern society dances were interpreted by Mr. Hughes and MissFoushee, whose movements in the intricate steps and mazes of the dancewere the very personification of graceand the poetry of motion. ManagerErd may book them again If he desiresto please the public. They were givena warm reception by an audience thatfilled the big auditorium to overflowing.FREAKISH WEATHER.March has been doing-all it could touphold its time-honored reputation asa blustery month. In the way ofweather, w'e have had all kinds sinceSunday. High, blustery winds havewailed, moaned and shrieked aroundthe corners, taking due toll of unoffending signs, hats, stray papers,boxes, and just any old thing lyingaround loose. The temperature hasbeen hovering around the freezingmark for several days, though a littlesunshine has straggled through to relieve the gloom. It's still a good timeto remain in Florida!BEAUTIFUL STRAWS.announcements iThe most beautiful line of straws invery shade and pattern now on display. Just the thing to put on wearnow. Our regular opening will not beheld until April 6. Oome in to-day.(23-3t) MRS. CORNE W. BAIRD.POSTMASTER WILL TAKERECRUITS FOR NAVYEvery postmaster in the country isa recruiting officer for the UnitedStates navy and the young men whowant to answer Secretary Daniel's appeal for men b3T enlisting should callon Postmaster J. Waiter Payne at thelocal postoffice, who will see that theyreach a navy recruiting station properly. It is expected that there will bemany Bourbon county men who willanswer their country's call at thistime of great emergency.NEW DIRECTORY DELIVERED7, iTHE NEWS job rooms have justcompleted and delivered one thousandcopies of a most excellently gotten updirectory for the Cynthiana exchangeof the Central Home Telephone Co.THE NEWS is making quite an enviable reputation in this line of printing,having furnished directories for a number of exchanges in the past fewmonths. All have given satisfaction,as they could not well be otherwise,being really works of typograhpicaiskill.i The followinghave been issued:! "Mr. and Mrs. Joseph Wallace Hayden announce the marriage of theirdaughter, Mary Craig, to Mr. RobinAdair Horton, on Wednesday, March28, 1917, Paris, Ky."Miss Louise Moseley has returnedto her home in Versailles, after a twoweeks' visit to Misses KatherineMarsh and Louise Steele, in this ruvMiss Moseley and Mr. John Wilhoitwill lead an informal german to begiven in Versailles to-morrow night.At the regular meeting of theWomen's Club of North Middletown,the following officers were elected:President Mrs. John T. Collins; firstvice-president, Mrs. Annie Cooper; second ce-president Mrs. Ben Skillman;secretary, Miss Lillie Williams, treasurer, Mrs. Magnus Rash.A cablegram from Cape Town,South Africa, announces the safe arrival there of Mr. and Mrs. O. B. Chis-,holm, who were married in this cityiu. udiiiuuy. lura. iuisnoim was iormerly Miss Ethel Baldwin, of Parii.Mr. Chisholm is engaged in the tobacco business in South Africa, andwill be gone nearly three years.WAR VETERAN DIES."Uncle Joe" Duncan, aged seventyone, a veteran of the Civil War in theUnion service, died at his home inNorth Middletown, Tuesday. "Old"Old Trusty," as he was familiarlyknown, enlisted in a Kentucky regiment in the Federal army when hewas only seventeen years old, andserved the four years of the strife.ANNOUNCEMENT.FOR MAYOR.We are authorized to announceJUDGF E. B. JANUARY as a candidate for the nomination for the officeof Mayor of the City of Paris, Ky.,subject m the action of the voters otthe city at the primary election onAugust 4, 1917.-' YOUR EASTER SUIT.Have you thought of what you wouldlike. Your wish can be gratified hereiin every style $15 to $35.J. W. DAVIS & CO.'WEEK OF PRAYER."Beginning next Monday, April 2.at 3:30 p. m. Holy Week will be observed by the members of the NorthMiddletown Christian church as a"week of prayer," with special services in the parlor of the church eachafternoon. The following ladies havebeen appointed as leaders:Monday Miss Lillie Williams;Tuesday Mrs. T. J. Jones; WednesdayMrs. A. S. Dickerson; 'ThursdayMrs. Robert Bratton; Friday Mrs.Laura Skillman. It has been decidedthat the annual social will not be hehitbia year.FARMERS AND GARDENERSGETTING READY.Mr. and Mrs. Julian Howe entertained a number of young people attheir home on ML Airy recently inhonor of the birthday anniversary oftheir son, Master Julian Ho,we, Jr.Many interesting games were played)and refreshments were served. Thosepresent were Lucy Westerfield,Majorie Trisler, Ann Elizabeth Swearengen, Lawrence Mullui, Edwin Riceand James Wilmoth.The following from Paris and thecounty attended the Alma Gluck songrecital at Lexington: Mrs. J. StuartRoberts, Miss Martha Ferguson, MrsReuben Offutt, Mrs. Will Kenney Terguson, Mr. Ed. Andrews, Miss Talbott,Miss Caywood, Miss Elizabeth Andrews, Mr. and Mrs. J. W. Jones. Mr.Robert Jones, Mr. and Mrs. John Christopherson, Mrs. Fanniebelle Sutherland, Miss Clara Belle O'Neill, MissFrances Hancock, Messrs. Clay Sutherland, J. Y. Harrison, Clark White,Maurice Clark and Mr. and Mrs. Arthur B. Hancock.(Other Personals on Page 3.)BitftliUMJnwrrrraEHEMKodak BankActual Size.GRAY THE LEADING COLOR.j Styles seen on Fifth Avenue rightnow, in both dresses and straw hats,are in most -instances gray in shade.We have some of the most beautifulhats in the pdpular. grays? Very highcrowns and almost brimless are very'popular, while the broad brimmed andfancy shapes are very popular. Whhave them all. Come in.(23-3t) MRS. CORNE W. BAIRD.The ground is in better condition towork just now than it has been formany weeks, and farmers and gardeners are making every moment count.Numbers of tobacco beds are beingprepared, and it begins to look like another big crop -will bd raised this season If the farmers plant all they arenow planning to put in tobacco. Inthe city the amateur jgardener Is anxiously scanning the ground surfacesand industriously studying instrnc. tioas on 'tue packages of garden se tdwhlok he fondly hopes to convert l'xf ootetuff, ' ) ..PARIS HIGH SCHOOL MINSTREL.t To-nignt will oe a gaia nignc ac meParis High School, when their famousblackface comedians and end-men andothers come on for their stunts in theHigh School Minstrels, which is to boan amusement feature of some note.The "show" will be given entirely baths' boys of the High School, and willbe well worth attending. The price ofadmission has been placed within thereach of all, and there should be alarge crowd in attendance when thecurtain rises on the opening overture.Get a KodakWithout Lettingi Your PocketiKnow ItfAsk for a Kodak Bankand see how easy it isto get a real camera withspare dimesDaugherty Bros.IiFRANK & COMPANYTHE RELIABLE STORE(Announce I- They Are Now Showing TheSeason's Best StylesAINSUITS COATS WAISTSDRESSES SWEATERS SKIRTStNEWESTSilks, Dress Goods,Wash Goods of All KindsTrimmings To MatchALL ARE REASONABLY PRICED' We Cordially Invite Your InspectionPictorial Review PatternsPRANK & COMPANYWE HAVE SOLDAll the Goods We Care to Sell at the TremendousReductions We are Making During OurBig CashSaleBUTwe deem it only fair to our friends and patrons tonotify them that there remain only ELEVEN MORESELLING DAYS during which you can receive thesetremendous bargains.-, - ,ij&-qWe know ABSOLUTELY that you receive better valueshere by ten or twenty per cent than you can 'get elsewhere. ,We CANNOT AFFORD to sell goods at theprices we are making, but we are complying strictly toto our advertisements. This advertisement appears1 foryour benefit not ours.v v --.C- SIligTHEJ.T.HINTOJVCO.MOTOR HEARSEMOTOR INVALID COACHUNDERTAKING"EITHERPHONE' 3frISIXTH AND MAIN STS.I2a$HE BOURBON NEWS, PARIS, KY.FRIDAY, MARCH 3, HIT.'v,ii:'?!ywi,hi'Four timeswith Diamond TiresAsk your Diamond Tire dealer how muchyou will save on one Diamond.He knows the long life and unusual servicein these tires of tough fabric and stubborn rubber, with the black squeegee tread which willactually outwear steel.Make your saving four times as great;complete your set ofJDiamondFourtimesthesavingVtithSqueegeeTread3 EmwJJs. For Automobiles, Bicycles and MotorcvclaxSfffWFor Automobiles, Bicycles and MotorcyclELEPHANT ENJOYSBEING VACUUM-CLEANED"A New York show elephant thatthoroughly enjoys the sensation of being cleaned, has that part of her toiletattended to in a novel manner," saysthe April Popular Mechanics Magazine. "Contrary to the popular notion, 'Lena as she is named, does notcare for rolling in dirt, she wails andannoys her keeper unless she is keptclean. An ordinary scrubbing failsto satisfy her, but when her vacuumcleaner appears she plainly manifestoher delight and sinks to her kneesthat the work may be done conveniently. She is ready for the process atany time, and her deportment is especially good on days when thecleaner is regularly used."DEAFNESS CANNOT BE CUREDBy local applications, as tihey cannotreach the diseased portion of the ear.There is only one way to cure deafness, and that is by constitutionalremedies. Deafness is caused by aninflamed condition of the mucous lining of .the Eustachian Tube. Whenthis tube is inflamed you have arumbling sound or imperfect hearing,and when it is entirely closed, deafness is the result, and unless the inflammation can be taken out and thistube restored to its normal condition,hearing will be destroyed forever;nine cases out of ten are caused byCatarrah, which is nothing but an inflamed condition of the mucous surfaces. We will give One Hundred Dollarsfior any case of Deafness (caused bycatarrh) that cannot be cured byHall's Catarrh Cure. Send for circulars, free.F. J. CHENEY & CO.,Toledo, Ohio.Sold by Druggists, 75c.Take Hall's Family Pills for constipation, (adv-mar)THE SAVING OF SOULS.Bob Fitzsimmons, the famous pugilist, has started out as an evangelistHe opened his first campaign in asmall Pennsylvania town last week."Fitz" says that the rest of his lifewill be devoted to uplifting mankindAs "uplifting" is generally a prettygood grafting game Fitz and BillySunday may be counted on as reallygood "hold-apV artists!One per cent of the .salt in theoceans would, cover tne land areas ofthe world &k& deptli of 290 feet.KENTUCKY TRACTION& TERMINAL COMPANYInterurban Schedule.CARS LEAVE10:0S p. m.ParisforLexington6:45 a, m.7:30 a. m.8:15 a. m.9:00 a, m .9;45 a. m.11:15 a. m.12:45 p. m.2:15-p. m.3:45 p. m.4:30 p. m.5:15 p. m.6:05 p. m.6:50 p. m.8:15 p. m.11:00 p. m.LexingtonforParis6:00 a. m.7:20 a. m.' 8:00 a. m.8:50 a. m.10:20 a. m.11:50 a. m.1:20 p. m.2:50 p. m.3:30 p. m.4:20 p. m.5:00 p. m.6:00 p. m.7:20 p. m.9:10 p. m.White Liquid" (liquidin 1 Tan CombinatiorBlack-White-'DALLE1Tthe savingnMimDiamond Tires.BlackTreadTires-RedSideFencing a Continent.The state of South Australia hatsince 1891 erected 29,148 miles of "vermin fences," enough to encircle theglobe and with the remnant build adouble line fence along the southernborder of the United States. Whencontracts now running are completedthe mileage will be much increased.New South Wales has expended over$27,000,000 for rabbit exterminationand has within its borders 98,000 milesof fence. One of Western Australia'sfences extends entirely across the continent Of late years the rabbit hasbeen repaying in part for his keeppaying his board, as it were. He goesto swell the total of food exports fromthe commonwealth. Along the country roads rabbits may be seen hung onfences awaiting the passage of the rabbit carts, which convey them to thepacking houses to be prepared for shipment as frozen meat and liides. Practically all are exported. The Australian does not eat "vermin." NationalGeographic Magazine.Soap an Antiseptic.Some medical authorities, explainingthe abatement of epidemic diseases iiirecent years, are sufficiently free fromprofoeinr.il tics to attribute this betteruieiiL of conditions not to medicalscience, but to the increased use ofsoap and water. Many medical authorities hold the opinion that with a cleanhouse and a clean person no one needhave much fear of infection. A writerin the New York Medical Record says :"Soap is now recognized to be antiseptic and to be efficacious must produce a lather. Bacteria rubbed intosoap or dropped on its surface are incapable of multiplication. The typhoidbacillus is yery sensitive to soap, beingkilled by a C per cent solution in ashort time. More than half the totalnumber will die In a minute. Thethorough use of a pure potash soap isnot only a mechanical method of cleansing, but is an active favor in cuttingdown germ life." Exchange.The Rubber Situation.We as a people are almost absolutelydependent on Great Britain for oursupply of crude rubber, as the greatplantations are largely controlled byBritish capital. There are several pos-! slbilitles for making us independent ofany other country for our crude rubbersupply. One is a plant called guayule.which is even now being successfullyraised in this country and which hasbeen successfully raised in Mexicp.There are several other rubber bearingplants also which might be raised'inthis country. But the largest fieldseems to be the Philippine Islands,where plantation rubber can be produced cheaply and welL Capital 'hasheld off, owing to the uncertain futureof these Jslands, but local conditionsthere arecldeal'Cor a ,Iarge rubber industiy.kAndrewH. -King in Metallurgical .and Chemical Engineering.BAD COLOS FROMSUDDEN CHANGES.Spring brings all kinds of weatherand with it come colds and the revival of winter coughs and hoaraness. Dr. Bell's Pine-Tar-Honey willhead off a new cold or stop the oldone, the soothing balsams relieve thesore throat and -heal the irritated tissues. Get a bottle to-day and starttreatment at once. At your druggist.25c. Formula on the bottle.(adv-mar)Black CorabiUttmtYCHINESE IN FRANCEThousands Imported to Work InMunitions Factories.OTHERS EMPLOYED ON FARMS.Contracts Provide For Double OrientalWages and Return of Bodies of Dead.Exportation Has Been Going o'n ForMore Than Year Only Biggest MenTaken.Chicago. The pick of Chinese skilledand partly skilled laborers is beingsent from Tientsin, China, to France atthe rate of more than 1,000 a week, andfrom Indo-China to France in at leastequal numbers, mainly to work inFrench munition factories, accordingto a representative of one of the largestBritish manufacturing and trading concerns in China, now on a visit to thiscountry."They are carried over to France atthe rate of between 2,000 and 3,000 aship," he said. "Iti does not take alarge ship to carry 2,000 Chinese, forthey go practically as freight. A Chinese can flourish in a space that wouldhardly do a white man for his grave."Only the best selected stock is going to France from Tientsin. A largePhoto by American Press Association.CHINESE WORKERS AT HAVRE, FRANCE.percentage of the men are six feet talLt? , m,t- ,.f , ar.a nuini .:K2j4BBABBBVB9BAeBBMBaC3I 'flii2ayBPjBBSHSZ!esBI. , , , rr, "'u Details of the steps to be recom-who have learned something about ma- mended are being held in closest oonchinery in British mills and -factories fldence, but officials let it be knownor in construction camps. Somev are that among other measures a generalagricultural laborers, taken to France military budget, co-ordinating manyto increase food production. items of expense deemed imperative,"The exportation of Chinese to will be laid before Congress when theFrnnof hna hn frninr nn nf Tinnfsin extra session begins a week fromfor considerably more than a year, andthe number of Chinese now in France,including those from French China, isprobably more than 100,000."Before they can be induced to leaveChina these Chinamen all insist on acontract providing not only for theirwagesf which are small enough, bntbinding the French government to shiptheir bodies back to China for burial ifthey die in France. It also provides in.iili - Ai x - r..burial. Every Chinese who dies musthave a new set of clothing for his ap-pearance in the future world and forthe food Tvhlch goes for thejsplrit of aChinese of his class, fromTice to roastgoose and pig. He must be assuredthat other funeral ceremonies will befaithfully observed, such as the burn-ing of a string of tinfoil imitations ofChinese money, the burning of a pa-uewtxi iuj. xuo upyaruma ui a umnesttper house, a paper chair or carriage."In our factories in China we payChinese workingmen who have somemechanical knowledge 12 cents a day,American money. The contract whichinduces them to go to France providesfor wages of 20 or 25 cents a day, andthat is enough to recruit the Chinese asfast as ships can be found to carrythem out"HE MADE GOOD.Man Released on Forgery ChargeIsNow a Wealthy Landowner.Los Angeles, Cal. Furnishing proofthat he had made good since he wasreleased on his own recognizance thirteen years :ro. after his arrest on aforgery charge. Charles Ross was fJv-en permanent freedom recently byJufi-ii Willis and his case dismissed..Mr. Ross now is a wealthy landowner of Mexico. He was released by Superior Judge B. 3f. Smith in 1904 andtold to get out in the world and makegood.J. 3k A g $ 3 3 $ t t$ S'4THIS DOG IS GIVEN 3-AN AUTO FUNERAL-vPhiladelphia. Wrinkles, the8lxtcen-year-old fox terrier ofProfessor Mauritz Leefson ofFortjr-fif th street and Osage avenue. West Philadelphia, wash$ buried recently in Fred Triplett's $4 anima cemetery, 1718 SouthTenth street. Camden. " It wasan automobile funeral. Wrin- Skles had made four trips to Eu-4 rope and was known to manv Sv wescirmaeipnresiaents. Thebody of tbe dog was in a rattanbasketPAINS SHARPAND STABBINGWoman Thought She WouldDie. Cured by Lydia E.Pinkham's VegetableCompound.Ogdensburg, Wis. "I suffered fromfemale troubles which caused piercingpains like a knirethrough my backand side. I finallylost all my strengthso I had to ro tobed. The doctoradvised an operation but I wouldnot listen to it. Ithought of what Ihad read about LydiaE. Pinkham's Vegetable Compound andtried it. The firstbottle brought greatrelief and six bottles have entirelycurea me. ah women who nave femaletrouble of any kind should try Lydia E.Pinkham's Vegetable Compound." -Mrs.Etta Dorion, Ogdensburg, WisPhysicians undoubtedly did their best,battled with this case steadily and coulddo no more, but often the most scientifictreatment is surpassed by the medicinalproperties of the good old fashionedroots and herbs' contained in Lydia E.Pinkham's Vegetable Compound.If any complication exists it pays towrite the Lydia E. Pinlvnam MedicineCo., Lynn, Mass., for special free advice.NEW WATER HEATER.A heater for running w.ater has beendevised by which a single faucet maybe made to run either hot or cold.The heater is electrical, and can befastened to any faucet. A flexiblecord runs to an electric light socket,and three seconds after the currenton, the water from the fucet is runninghot. As soon as the current isswitched off, the water begins to runcold again, so that either hot or coldwater may be had by the turn of afinger. The only weakness of the device is that the water must run veryslowly about one quart a minutewhen it is wanted at a high temperature. GETTING READY FORTHE REAL WORKWASHINGTON, March 29. Havingtaken virtually every defense measure possible before the assemblingof Congress, President Wilson andhis advisors in the executive branchof the government are concentratingtheir energies upon preparation formore sweeping steps when Congressconvenes April 2Monday.KEEP LIVER ACTIVEAND BOWELS CLEANWITH "CASCARETS"Best When Bilious, Sick, Headachy,Constipated, or For Bad Breathor Sour Stomach.Be cheerful! Clean up inside to-night and feel fine. Take Cascarets... ,,t0 liven your n Pleane aw.and stP headaches, a bad coldbiliousness offensive breath, coatedtone' ffU:)twes!' onrL stomafheases. To-night take Cascarets andenlv the ceat, gentlest liver andwel cleansing you ever experienced,Wake UD feeling grand everybody'sdoinS lt- Cascarets best laxative forchildren also. (adv)Wireless telegraphy links a big sugar company's numerous mills scattered through the Fiji Islands.For Sale.Sixty-nice stock heifers; weightabout 600 pounds.CAYWOOD & McCLINTOCK,(13-2wks4t) Paris, Ky.FOR RENT.Three unfurnished rooms at No. 733Walker avenue. Hot and cold waterand otherPhone '339.mbmconveniences. Call Home(jan30-tf)Maiden Ridge NurseryRICHMOND, KY."We have thousands of first-class apple and peach, which we offer at 12cents each. Other fine stock also.Send for list No agents.(274t)G. D. SMITH, Prop.Notice To the Public!I will pay this season the nighestprices that have ever been known inParis for horse hides,, beef 'hides,Beep pelts and furs.T will also nav the highest marketprice for Rags and Paper. I will senda,. It y place the city. Callby cunjerfnd phone 374. Office onn iiiii i rri it ileMEawVISMaWJyBst'.o xJ VHafefli OHCwin Bros. Department StoreS ventb and Ittaitt $t$.TobaccoAll Grades at LowestPrices.Twin Bros,A MAN AND HIS WIFELEVY, THE DRY CLEANERCumberland Phone 40HERE IS A GOOD PLACE TO STOP FOR LITTLE MONEY.LOUISVILLE HOTEL, Louisville, Ky., Main St, bet 6th & 7th.The Only Hotel In Louisville Operated on the American and European PlansAMERICAN PLAN Rooms without Bathv but with Hot and CoW tanningwater (With Meals)75 Rooms single, $2.00 per 4ay; 2 people, $2.06 each50 Rooms Single, 2.50 per day; 2 people, 2.25 eck50 Front Rooms Single, 3.00 per day; 2 people, 2.50 e&ohRooms with Private Bath:50 Rooms single, 3.00 per day; 2 people, 2.75 e$k50 Rooms single, 3.50 per day; 2 people, 3.00 eachEUROPEAN PLAN Room without Bath but with Hot and Cold RunningWater (Without Meals)75 Rooms Single, $1.00 per day; 2 people, ?0.76 each50 Rooms single, 1.25 per day; 2 people, 1M eack50 Front Rooms single, 1.50 per day; 2 people, 1.25 eackRooms with Private Bath:, 50 Rooms single, 1.50 per day; 2 people, 1.25 saca50 Rooms single,THE OLD INN, Louisville, Ky., Cor. 6thRooms Without Bath, $1 and up; Rooms With Private Bam, flM I.BEST EATING PLACE IN TOWN.The Louisville Hotel and the Old Inn are located in tha wholtiaJCii&gffiland only a three-block's walk to the retail district an4 theatres.A Bank AccountIs the GibraltarIf you axe a man of f amily youICCOTOT IS THE BULWAEK, THE GIBEALTAB, OF Y0TTB HCfSIt protects you in time of need.It gives you a feeling of independence.It strengthens you.It Is a Consolation to Your Wife,to Your Children ;Farmers' & Traders' BankF. P. KISBR, PresidentWM. GRIMES,Sixth and Main Streets Paris, KyFor SaleOne set of dining room furniture, infirst-class condition. Call HomePhone 96, Paris.Piano Tuning!Since the death, of my father, Mr.J. It, Hanna, well and favorably knownover Paris and Bourbon County toryears as an expert piano-tuner, I havesucceeded him in business, and. willcontinue his "work. I have heen "associated with him since childhood, andI know what to do.Will bek In Paris twice a week. Iam factory representative for the liester Piano. Call .or write.OSCAR. F. HANNA,Paris, KtRtxckfCottonOep't Storemay both derive satisfactionby having their worn and soiledgarments cleaned by us. Thecost is nominal, while the pleasure of wearing old clothes thathave the appearance of new, iconjunction with the knowledgethat you are effecting a greatving, must surely satisfy you.A phone brings U3.Home Phone 16922.00 per day; 2 people, U0and Main Sts., European TCBof the Home!must hare a bank account. AJNO. J.M.CLINTOCK, CashiarkBookkeeper.Just a'Ssnfle SjB Shin2 ??5?39WS&m. iiitfriCtCTJKtitt'JTJViuli &&".9aU3SWhenyoufeeldijeourace-i;fttsceV secIaBBBBBBVEJjftTR4t9M-jrjjwS-arWa'A ayUv3af&o$-XTTMBlfeO74vous, tired, Worried or dessottetitrk issure sign ycHi needafOTlSNEItVXsUnEPILLS; They reewtbe normal vtforaMmake life worth living. BMreae4aiclMMott's Nrrerin Pittt IfZ&SSWaUiAMt stCCQ..rw ..ClMilierf. CMOIERDORFER, The DrwffJet.4S Wept Sixth St,MAX'MTJNICH.(2mar-tf)Lexihgte, Ky.tr i - . vyEIDAY, MARCH 30, 117.TBE.BOUBON-NBJVSfiPARBI.VpagbsxtetEATS PIE FIRSTTIME IN 4 YEARSWas All Run Down, Hot NowFeels Like Kev Woman,EIVES TAHUC THE CREDIT"I never made a public statementbefore in my life, but when anythingdoes the good for me that Tanlac did,I think it my duty to tell others aboutit," said Mrs. S. Carney, whose husband works at the Recording andComputing Machine Company."I live on R. F. D. No. ll,Dayton,"she continued, "and I want everybodyhereabouts to know what Tanlac hasdone for me."About ten years ago my healthGOLLARLESSJUDGE FOR YOURSELF.as for Uso with tailored costumes.Usually it is made of ponaree or &omeneavy silk with ends that cross in Which Is Better Try An ExperimentFROCKS ANEW IIfront of striked or figured silk..POT SPOrtS Wear a WhifA tiUr hlnncn !with one of these collars and a skirtmatching the figured or striped silk inthe collar, make a very attractive cosor Profit by a Paris Citizen'sExperience.Something new in an experiment.Must be proved to be as repreWhereas Some Designers Dis- the skirt materiai.pense With Collars, Others Bring Out NewStylestume. This idea is also carried out indentedlinens and the new figured cotton ma I Te statement of a manufacturer isterials which are so smart for sports nofc C0Qvincing proof of meritskirts. Instead of the high stock collar, some open-neck blouses are wornwith graceful four-in-hand ties made ofPcPLUM BLOUSESSTILL POPULARNEW YORK, March 25.To dispense entirely with collars onbegan to .rundown land I felt poorly, the latest fancies of fashion desigii-mitil I started taking Tanlac The era. Perhaps this will be a tryinglast two or three years were the Pfin . ...,..Tuf ut z 0,-Jlc XU1 tuc "iajuniy ot women, asmost faces require the softening influence of a collar around the neck:jut for those to whom it is becoming,he collarless neck, as a novelty, issure to make an appeal. There isnothing that women like more thanworst I got so I had trouble keepingfood on my stomach."I felt tired and droopy all thetime. After eating I bloated andwhen I belched, hot bitter tastescame up in my throaturn ... j- ivf"ib l"ul nuiucu i live mure Ulan'There was a gnawing feeling m nmat n 1Ufl A, . , 'my stomach, and even a drink of n V U:U,C1C" 1"1 LU .llIwater made me feel bad. I?' Lf hl ' beCOming't . t ., ,iis only human.I got so nervous I would roll and k ., . ,. , , , V4. v r t ij i. Many and varied are the new outtoss naif the night before I could get ino.B , fli, . 1,1i aj : 4.-L. 1 nes and finishes for these collarlessto sleep. And m the morning I srot o j , , , Zr v -i j ,. r . dresses. Square, round, oval and Vup feeling weak and dizzy. My tonirue i Y ,.was coated, and every once in awhile G a.re a" amf the ,ffent3 had dull heavy headaches. 'UtlmeS m f oval ut ne"Then I started taking Tanlac. f inf "ff ho?d"After taking one bottle, I felt better ? Sh0Uld,er, at a. ther shahow dep han over. I am now on mv fourth YC" --s 7 , uDottle of Tanlac and my improvementis simply wonderful.I eat everything I want, and onlyamodel the neck is finished with a crosstitch embroidery design, one of the 1In Barrel EffectThe barrel or bowling-pin silhouette appears to be meeting with success not only in skirts of the tailoredtype, but in afternoon frocks. The effeet obtained by soft draperies andpleats at the upper part of the skirtmakes very graceful lines and is especially pretty in afternoon silk frocks.fii& 'BJALttv. IJ.An id Aw, wuit a. um,, onu yjmy . . e r i jj .,vpctnrdnv a fripnrl hrmiirlif. nvor "eweat luima ul emurumery, or raiuer,quarter of a mince pie, and I ate it one f, the !def ms of embroideryall and never had a bit of bad effect. eceutIJ'. revird; ?ie cross-stlitch oiJust think, I have not dared to eat generations back has returned, nowniV fnv fmif vnorc that embroidery of every descriptionJ-.W -.w -- ,, w."Tanlac has made life worth living !for me, and I am anxious to haveanyone who doesn't feel well try it."Get Tanlac today if you are notfeeling right Delay in health matters is dangerous.j?Tanlac, the master medicine andreconstructive tonic, is sold exclusively in PARIS by Varden & Son.Other exclusive agents in nearbytowns are as follows:HUTCHISON, Snell & Wood; MILLERSBURG, W. G. Wadell; ELIZABETH, Oscar Smith; CARLISLETrueman & Son; GEORGETOW. ., C.H. Arnold; WINCHESTER, Duty DrugCompany; AUSTERLITZ, B. S. Parrish. (adv.)OEATH'S ROLL IN THENEW ALBANY STORM.KEW ALBANY, IND., March 29.The death list resulting from thetornado that passed over New AlbanyInd., Friday afternoon, has been placed at thirty-seven persons, with morethan one hundred injured, accordingto official information given out today. The property loss will exceedone million dollars.Relief for the sufferers is pouringinto the city in the form of mones"and clothing. The total amount ofmoney subscribed and in the hands ofi-h ToHof r.nmmittee is now about$18,000, but there has been subscribed p Iun T-miicviile and elsewhere otheramounts which will materially sw,el1 enjoys so strong a vogue. It is fasci&&r fit "' HMi --MV(if! lo Iw J ' c V-P r IWf hjBut by endorsement of friends isNow supposing you had a bad back,A lame, weak, or aching one,Would you experiment on it?You will read of many so-calledcures.Endorsed by strangers from faraway places.It's different when the endorsement, comes from home.Easy to prove local testimony.Read this Paris case:Floyd H. Rankin, grocer, Lillestonavenue and Locust street, Paris, says."I have used Doan's Kidney Pills offand on for years and have been greatly benefited by them. At times I havesuffered severely with kidney complaint. My back has often pained meand has been lame most all the time.The kidney secretions have been toofrequent in passage and have greatlyannoyed me. Whenever I have beentins' way, I have always found that abox of Doan's Kidney Pills have neverfailed to cure me of the attack inshort order."Price 50 cents, at all dealers. Don'tsimply ask for a kidney remedy getDoan's Kidney Pills the same thatMr. Rankin had. Foster-Milburn Co ,Props., Buffalo, N. Y. . (adv)CLOSEST ECONOMY URGED IN. USE OF NEWS PRINT PAPERNews print paper price arbritrationundertaken by the Federal Trade Commission, will succeed, in the opinionof the Commission, only if publisherspractice the closetst economy in theuse of paper Blank agreement formssent to publishers throughout thecountry informed them that to benefit by the price-fixing plan they mustnot only consent to relinquish 5 percent of their paper requirements, butmust agree to discontinue return privJileges and must buy additional paper1 only to meet the most urgent needsAfternoon Frock of Dotted Foulard in I The Commission has fixed a price ofBarrel Effect j $2.50, but in its notice to publishers1 isnvs this nrir.e will be tried first for;The sketch shows one of these mod- three months, and then if found tooels developed in dotted foulard. The w wm ho rpadiiisted.(waisi. or uns uesign is particularly interesting, as it features the new kimono sleeve cut so as to form a part ofthe body of the waist The curvedline starting from the collar and goinj,under the arm is seen in many designs and allows for the use of twomaterials, that most popular effect.Collar and cuffs of this dress are of'sheer white organdy.Short sleeves reaching just aboveor below the elbow, as in this modelare likely to be popular when theJ warm weather comes, for every indi-; cation points that way just now. Thelong sleeves will continue to be worn.however.WHENTO TAKECHAMBERLAIN'S TABLETSCLEANSES YOUR HAIR,MAKES IT BEAUTIFUL,THICK, GLOSSY, WAVYjTry This! All Dandruff Disappearsand Hair Stops Coming OutWhen you feel dull and stupid aftereating.When constipated or bilious.When you have a sick headache.When you have a sour stomach.When you belch after eating.When you have indigestion.When nervous or despondent.When you have no relisdi for yourmeals.When your liver is torpid.Obtainable everywhere.(adv-mar)STANDARD SHIPS.This is a time when ships arewanted badly and wanted at once.Proceeding on the principle that theway to turn out any manufacturedHair product cheaply and rapidly is toy try a "Danderino Hair product cheaply ana rapiai is to" if you wish to immediately standardize t, a company has been orthe beauty of your hair. Just ganized in New York which will buildim Blouse With Pleated SkirtSurelyCleansedoublemoisten a cloth with Danderine and one pattern of ship and only one; al!draw it. carefully through your hair, their ships vill be alike to the last nuttaking one small strand at a' time; and bolt. Special machinery is beingthis will cleanse the hair of dust, installed to manufacture each of thethiR amount. However, the committee Bflflnir Wftrlr fnr thnxvhn likp nppf,ip. dirt or any excessive oil-in a few Parts; special men win oe trameu tohas announced it will need between orkand so simDle t0 do Umt minutes you will be amazed. You- carry out each operation, witii eve1110,000 and 300,000 for the .proper 4 ""1 wHl be wavy, fluffy and abun- new "Zcare and "S?' ntrloutions adorned with it worked out in the at- dant a,nd P5 fn incomparable 'f?J Eefforts to secure further contrioution. colors used for embroideries ness' lustre and luxuriance. I will be 400-foot, 7,000-ton cargo boatsre being rmade toTf JeMSSn?btoa 11 usTatedt he Besides beautifying the hair, one and the present capacity of the plantine rarub r r ;; - ;; application of Danderine dissolves is 18 snips a year.nave tieen Qemousuaicu " (-- "" .uo.. 10 uu "m t." w.i wways Theodore Chamberlin, who lives hanging skirts, an example of which is everv Particle of dandruff; invigoratesnear Prospect, Ky., on Saturday, pick- shown fjl the sketch. This skirt is at- ne. scalP stopping itching and fallinged up on his farm a packet of insur- tached to a skeleton lining, the lining nair-ance papers belonging to Luther Ross, gQ ca hanging from the shoulder Danderine is to the hair what fresh1209 Pearl Street New Albany, wnost Bf,iriif nnCav.,ta iin showers of rain and sunshine are tohome was wrecked by the storm. ,Tne lmh is made'of some soft or thin vegetationYOU NEED A SPRING LAXATIVE.Dr. King's New Life Pills will remove the accumulated wastes of win-It goes right to the roots, ter from your intestines, the burdeunvierorates and strengthens them. It3iof the blood. Get that sluggish springmaterial sucn as net umna siik or line 4. .. . - ... f0pi;nr nut of vour svstem. brighter.The object of this type of skirt AU!fairt""B' 1"U1"U ?"" ""I1"" vmir eve .clear vour complexion. Got1 lawn.tothat vim and snap of good purifiedihenithv blood. Dr. King's New LifePrnteSSIOnal CardS. lis to preserve the straight-line silhou- ducm PropertiesrrOIC2MUIiai Uo n makes an excellent foundation ?w lon stron?,for the peplum, or outside blouses as You can surely nave pretty, sott.jpIll8 are a non.griping laxative thar3ft---.trt r- Bin rttfris: oc y,arr . iiefl .u0UuuOuau,"1uMUl1.lJuu ""'aids natures process, xiy iumThe blousecause the hairand beautiful.You can surely have pretty, soft.Loan AssociationFIRST NAT'L BANK BUILDINGIN REAR OF BANKEntrance on Fourth Street25-cent bottle of Knowl Lightihnt hnttnns straight Just Set aa. . m ii4w Mst w - rv rvr Wii'down the back is making its way " v "" u "6y.., 1...1. -1 1.- --- i. ?o or toilet counter and try it as di-SUreiy OUt BlUWiy JUW iuc laouiuua trfvjble world. Crocheted and decorative rectea. aav;.fancy buttons make these back color TELEPH0NE GIRL GAINS A P0NT!ings rather attractive. Some noveltybuttons are made of colored beads -cmnnntnoAtua tiw riAt all druggists, 25c.(adv-mar)DR. WM. KENNEYEye, Ear, Nose and Throat.ROOMS 403-404.FIRST NAT'L BANK BUILDING.PHONE 136.bunched together in ball shape. TheseWM GRANNANAttorney-at-LawROOMS 401-402.FIRST NAT'L BANK BUILDINGThe Civil Service Commission haswith blue makes anation.IT IS TRUEthat the unusual sale of a remedy isthe best evidence of its merit'AmCL MARHEUMATISM POWDERSaxe guaranteed to giro relief fromrheumatism. They are unusually large'tellers. Sold only by as, 50c and $L00.OBERDOFER, The Drusgut,Paris Ktmcky.are generally used on waists that but- nQ lQnger may fte peeyishJSJTJS X Franks telephone Hnes. New Yoor are of a contrasting though bar- we MsconUnued and he complained..?. " i.o. f, i,ci,n. nirt rnse to the Public Service CommissionUIUUIUUO auau, .w v , -mi-a UU,lnn . n1,nnr tViol-charming combl- aviueute waa 1UUUUULCU L" Dllu" 4-"ttUfor two years Frankel had persistedin calling the telephone girls "bums"New Fancy Collars 'and had expressed hopes they "would. . break a leg." The Public ServiceWhile collarless styles are fashion- CommissIon that abuae over theable, dainty collars have by no means el hone was justifiable in discontinbeen discarded; on the contrary, this uIs an accessory made very much of 'Some of the new shapes ifall in rather DANGEROUS.long points over the shoulders, otneroare pointed in irom. aim aquaic ., - Sudden changes of temperature andback, and the familiar sailor collar is underwear bring spring colds withever present Fine voiie, marquises cluffed up head, sore throat and gen-and handkerchief linen in white and eral cold symptoms. A dose of Drcolors are used for tlie new collars. King's New Discovery is sure relief.Some are hemstitched by hand, others This happy combination of antiseptichv machine and on almost every one balsams clears the head, soothes thethere is some touch have been a lingering cold is broke-:ery. Double collars are usualm up. Don't stop treatment when relibwith the upper one of some color ana fe firgfc felfc &g & haJf cured coWa white one, a little larger, under it aangeroug Take Dr. King's NewThe high stock collar is being worn Discovery till your cold Is gone.by smart women, as much for sports . (adr-mar)Correct EnglishHOW TO USE IT.A MONTHLY MAGAZINE,Josephine Turck Baker, Editor.For Progressive Men and Women,Business and Professional; Club Women, Teachers, Students, Ministers,Doctors, Lawyers, Stenographers, andtor all who wish to Speak and Writernrreot Enelish Snecial FeatureMonth; Your Every-Day Vocaouiary,How to Enlarge it. Sample Copy 10c.Subscription Price ?2 a Year.EVXNSTON, ILLINOIS.OPPORTUNITY!Mr. R. F. Clendenin, Associate General Agent forthe Northwestern Mutual Life Insurance Company, inone day recently, sold 100,000 worth of life insuranceover local and long distance lines of the Home TelephoneCompany and because of such an amount of businessaccumulated in one day, he divides the honors with usfor the efficient telephone service rendered. This is asplendid record for both Telephone and Insurance Companies. Mr. Clendenin says; "The service I get from yourCompany is foil that I could ask, and on the closing dayof my campaign Lused it with wonderful success."Such an opportunity in facilitating business shouldbe grasped by the public in general in employing co-operation,efficiency and confidence.Paris Home Telephone 8 Telegraph Go.(Incorporated)J. J. VEATCH, Ldstrict Manager.W. H. CANNON, THOMAS K iMITH,Equipment Manager. Cashier.If you men want to make an investment that will make you from 25 to1 0O per cent profitCome In and Buy AnOvercoat For Next YearWe only have about 50 Overcoats,and the prices have been cut unmercifully. Sizes 34 to 44. Styles willbe good for next season. Saturdaywill be a good day to give them the"once over.Spring Suits, Shirts, Hats, etc., arriving daily. We give Blue TradingStamps.TWIN BR0SClothing and Shoe Dept.L. Wollst-iD. PropBourbon LaundryDWIS & FUNK, Prop.Telephone No- 4.Wast 5 StreetSk if-Satisfaction is OurW-UchwordWith all the latest improvements in laundryappliances and experthelpers we are preparedto do work inferior tonone, and solicit yourpatronage.Bourbon Laundry,Paris Kentucky.1 1 14 ! ! !' 1 "I"!1 I'1'0"1-I"I"I"I"I'I"I"I"I"I"I"I"I'-I":"I"I"I' I-'I'-I- ! ! ! !! ! I- ! 1 !Sole AgencySTACY - ADAMSSHOESSUFFERING AND SURGERYcan be avoided by usingyx4 j, nmmxMsxoj$ Hi Mj, in 4 jM-Mrwr$7-o and $7-50 ;Take Advantage of These Pricesand Save Money.T3ADE MARKPILE REMEDY.Relieve yourself of this ailment athome.- Easy to use and thoroughlydependable. Sold only by us 50c anl$1.00.OBBRDORFER, The Drugglit,Paris, Ky.-HARRY LINVILLEWMHUMMIIMIMItHniummMIMMlMIMIMIM-AftvA6f.4&,t-f 1-.; '-tBON NEWS, PARIS, KY.FRIDAY, MARCH M, 1M7.&!i,mKfUw-' 1;1-(.h;fci-- MILLERSBURG DEATHS.ei. rMrs. J. E. Popl is the guest of reittree In Virginia.RTCTinTATTC'RELIGIOUS.SNAPP. ' There will be no services at theThe funeral of Mrs. Pearl Bell Christian church next Sunday night, asMATRIMONIAL.MORRlS ALBRIGHT.PROGRAM Of BIBLESCHOOL MEETING.The quarterly conference ot theBourbon County Christian BibleSchool Association will meet at theChristian Church in Paris, on Mon-Miss Edna Morris, of this city, and day' APril 2. The following interest-frmMSi' MtMdP-SS? tf JS2 Snapp' aged thirtyeIent who died at t will be the regular monthly song Mr. Harry II Albright, of Cincinnati, WprogrPj extenaea vis to mends in four 0,clock Wednesday afternoon, at service, for which a special program were married at the residence of the lo-oome nome or ner nusoand, Mr. Carl -"uo ueeu arrangea.program has been arranged fofficiating minister, Rev. Robert B.2L$Jr TsmPC HlTOrlov rf TnaTwfncre- . .trg, is the guest of his daughter Snapp' .n Parrisn avenue, was held at The regular monthy business ses- McDaniel, in Cincinnati, last Saturday. A. Wolf.Mrs. E. S. Barton. ine Iamuy resiaence, at two o'clock sion of the Paris Epworth League will Tbey aid not tell any of their friendsrg,10:00 Devotional.10:20 The Opening Exercises--W.10:40 The SuperintendentIn theMason has returned yesieraa aiternoon, witn services con- be held Thursday evening, April 5, at of UielT intentions, but going over to School J. W. Jones. ,Va. and will auctea D ltev- ur- w- u- Sadler, pas- 7 o'clock at the Methodist church. All Covington, procured a marriage -u:uu Class Work W. O. Hinton.here in the future. ton ot tI1G lans Methodst church, members are urged to be present license and returned to Cincinnati. -ii.u securing and Holding Pu-Mr. Allenkome from Farmersvillemake his homeMr. Rft,s Mwhrfpr n fnm,i. T.he &? were Roy Smart, Os- The Presbyterian congregation wnere ihey were iedkave moved to Lexington from th's Tf warf' Dr' rr' ?nas- B- will hold services at the court house! FOOR-SAYRE.property of Mr. W. E. Collier, on Trigg lexander, James Gnnnell and Joseph next; Sunday morning and evening At Mr- 1failk L Sayre aud Miss Lillieavenue. ( James. The burial followed in the the morning service the sacrament of Fo0T' boUl l,f fiington, accompanied,.j uicwij. i1 Tnr,la Qimnar will Tio orlmn;nTTr 111 SNS1"t j-hst TinAHi Zj l1n 4-e out again Mr. Russell Powell is' Snapp had been in declining tered.atill improving. Mr. J. B. Allen and "emu lor 50me ume' uer tteatn beingMrs. J. B. Cray are able to be about aue t0 tuberculosis, which she con-by tne groom's sister, Miss VinrieSites came to Paris Thursday afternoonand secured a marriace license fromWin.tracted a year ago. She bore her suf--Thr, nrotntoH mMti i,a on ferinS with fortitude and patience andging on at the Presbvtertan church CRlmly awaited the end which she.lor the past two weeks, is growing in knew to be inevitable,interest A special sermon was dear-' Besides hei husband, she is survivedred Wednesday afternoon to the by two chM.lren, Olive Snapp and Juladies. Rev. Wilson is a powerful lian Snapp, her father; Mr. John E.speaker ana large audiences are in. at-, Mastin, and her step-mother, who re-sides m Lexington, and one brother,Mastin, who resides inA friendly contest for increasing nZZ ."i t B t, iuthe membership of the Methodist Sun ZTLrJti f6"?, Pat Theyrinv s-hnni ie hoinff nnnfifflf1 k ,. were maried later at the residence ofj w..v.vf uv-i"b wuuuuitu ujf LUCmen's and women's classes. The ladieswere in the lead at the last accountby af majority of 14.the officiating minister, Rev. W. O.Sadler, pastor of the Paris Methodistchurch.A license was also issued the same-jtendance at each meeting., eo?.' HUTCHISON.Mr. F. A.Knasas.f'' Mr. John Wiggins was a visitor in' ftxingion, Tuesday.The children of Mr. and Mrs.Smart are quite ill with the measles.Mrs. I rbert Karick and son,ITItrest, are visiting friends at Wintester.Mrs. Thomas Smith was a visitorla Lexington, Tuesday, the guest offriends. -Mrs. Thomas Berkley and daugh-iter, Lillian, attended the Alma GluckBUCKNER.Sunday being the first Sunday in fmv hv f.inr. p,fn tn Qoi r, T,.v.'Trvf !ibei:eld,ajld Mi3S Mia Browning, both of.u uwuiau iiiuiuu, ul me uiuse Bourbon countyul mi; luurumg aervice. iiie sacrament of the Lord's Supper will be administered by the pastoi, Rev. W. aSadler.4'409QO $4OAt a meetine of nrocram commitMr. Walker Buckner, Jr., son of tee of ths nitv TTnion nf Ymim? Pon.Mrs. Watkor Buckner, Sr., died at the ple.8 societies, Wednesday afternoon,home of his father, on the Cane Ridge a program was arranged for -Easterpike, near Pans, at nine o'clock Wed-,Sunrise services. The service will benesday morning after a short illness, ieid at the Methodist church. See proMr. Burner was a well-known young gram in next week.8 BOURBONLuimt-r. rit was a muu oi unusual size, NEWS.weighing qyer three hundred pounds.He had hern in apparently good healthup to Monday morning, when as heBIRTHS.& J 4In Detroit, Michigan, Tuesday, tothe wife of Mr. James Harvey Faulconer, a son weigth 8 pounds. Themother was formerly Miss NettieDykes, of Paris.RAILROAD EMPLOY SUFFERSFRACTURED BACK IN FALL.Walter Deering, a local Louisville &pils C. O. Cossaboom.11:50 Closing Prayer.NOON HOUR.1:00 Departmental Conferences.1:30 Song Service and DevotionsA. L. Boatright.1:45 The Offering in the SchoolJohn Christopherson.2:05 How to Induce the Pupil toStu'lv J. T. Sharrard.2:30 The Teacher and the ReligiousLife of the Pupil R. H. Ellett.3:90 The Up-to-date Sunday Schoolin the Adult DeDartment GlennMurdock.3:30 Closing Round Table.4:00 Closing Prayer.Mr. Glenn Murdock, the State AdultSuperintendent of the KentuckyChristian Bible chuol Association,T?11 iriaif fttri Allnminn 1 IBourbon County in the interest of the JAdult Department of the Bible School: AuiLue nuns, ouuuay morning; iii3Con- jdida, Sunday afternoon; Bethlehem,bunaay evening. Quarterly Conference at Paris, Monday.DeliciousJuicy Meats!VEALPORKCHOPSSTEAKSTte Best Roast Beefand Breakfast Bacon inthe World.WILMOTHGrocery CoPhone 376Barring licker ads in prohibitionStates should be an actual relief, asthey merely add to an already distressful situation.performance at Lexington this week.Mrs. George Jacoby and daughter ! unconscious condition, gradually grow11153 Myra Jacoby, were guests offing "weaker until death relieved him.!aris friends this week. I'"?5The monthly buisness and socialsocial meeting of the "Woman's Mis-ci mi Cnniofv itrill Viq liolrl of fVin TVTiiflwas getting out of bed preparatory to odistchurcJ afternoon atdressing for breakfast, he was stricken ,. .. . MM ou. Bruer ...witn aporicxy, tlie stoke affecting his;conduct the devottonal program. .Nashville employe, fell Wednesday onentire let side He did not rally from jthe ladieg Qf church are inyitea his back across a pile of timbers, andthe stro.vP. and remained in a semi- . Dreseut , it is believed he sustained a fractured back. He was removed to the-Rev. W. O. Sadler, pastor, will Good Samaritan Housnital, in Lexlnc-Besides his father, Mr. Buckner is nreach at the Methodist Church. Sun-1 ton. where ha is rpnnrtpri n mcHti,Mr. M. K. Jacoby, who has been ! survived 'jv one Drotner, Mr. woooa- day at 10:45 a. m. and 7 p. m. At the well,seriously ill with pneumonia, is ablo f"-'l Buo'-nor. of near Paris, and one morining service the Sacrament of the ! Peering was assisting a crew ofto be out again, much to the delight sister, Mrs. Sue Buckner Hinkle, of Lord's Supper will be administered, bridge carpenters in removing someof her numerous friends. Kansas City. Mo. His mother, who Sunday School at 9:30 a. m. Epworth heavy timbers when his foot slipped"?r J'l' Brown' ?'ho !ia een was Miss Nannie Clay, daughter of. League devotional services at 6:15 p on a pebble which threw him on hisat the God Samaritan Hospital Lex- Mr Fran K clayr of near Paris prG m Subject The Quiet Ways of Gods back.yJnXIS' to tlie ave several years Providence." (Consecration Meeting.,.mm TYnlnK XTioo Vrnnnna TJoX1j- TU MUST BE W I ! I I M Ci Trt trifiUTo- lutuuti, luioo iuiiv,w iiauv,in.a. luc ......w . w . .I.i , . . . .The funeral will be held at the fam- general public is extended a cordial in T0 BECOME NATURALIZED j ?na Wfiere error exists prescribilv home at two o'clock this afternoon, vitation to attend all these services. , . .. . j 1PR glasses that will bend theThe time is almost at hand for the th services conducted by Rev. Geo. T , ,. """"u""V5 i"iJn"u"?"1n ras ot "Rt SO they Will foCUS. . ., .. ... . TT TTrriQ rfnr nf 5t Pnfor' Tnicnn. lu uuwliuu itu uio mayer uayo Duum ue leiuseu VJ iippilCaUlSRgicanon exClean-up" campaignso successfully carriedthis and othertncky in yearsai well as ylend a handamd outdoors, clean during the "Cleanttp and Paint-up" campaign, and tose that it is kept clean thereafter.borne, much improved in health."FAINT UP AND CLEAN UP."OptometryPronounced Op-tom-e-try,withthe accent on the second syllable,i the SCIENCE of measuringtne retractive media of the eye,tho annual "Piint-im in.i H. Harris, rector of St. Peter's Episco-1 .. t " , " I . . i,i i,n ,Zimnl macu w appuuuih upon the retina ot the eve Stimtne annual amt-up ana . I un ullr!n1 ,:ii fn. 'meeting to be held at the Christiabhxho are unwilling to fight for the ,. a , V 'jnpaign, which has been Pjl fUT.c The burial will follow in church5during the week of r the Ut .-ted stes we-e given by Judge bating Ire rods and cones, re-forwardthe Paris Cemetery. The pall-bearer.innfiac nf Pontril Trot, 111 UC UltSSlS. . UlCLLC U UtlilCl . Odlll ...wura WL """o't A" .,. t ,-.., . ..., monthly meetinc on Thursdav and tlio.jna5t. "Evervbodv old p-Jtay, James oucKner, rnos. isucKner, - - ,-., oruer' - . i , v . n in. mum irv on nnnu innnir will hp n;kPfl in ! Brice Steele, Ben wooQiord, Jr., wm. . ". A " , J ,7, , t ,oung, -vsill De aSKea to whp.n thp. TCnstpr nffprinpn will ho tnkpnj -i i- 'I' wnrnmi nnn Hnhv nv ,.io Keep property, maoorsp- and the new members will be received, wmilrtI m a vr rT .. w ., HJV-4 TT..U., m.,.. . . .". PfA , A,,U ..J..' J. 1Mission Circle will hold their regular ,tei! t "ltJ, uiiiieu states uisinct uii.ib .ui visjuii lu normal.. . . 'i.nnrr.. n.r. r. i-nniq I'lipqrinv iin tuia v'a nvn rrvor i. ,,. -f .uz cmfirst papers were refused to "RNrTF?. unrl octiqmqII,. ;; .,Joseph Gandil, who said he had" two ii i SJ1 .. -e i yinn v 1 -.v . M TJ? 1brothers in the German armv and ucr d1'" u .Ub ir yu navSnot be willing to fight against "0U0p With faulty Vision. Con-A.11 women of the church over eighteen Germany, but would ko back there ir SUltatlon free.The runeral ot Mrs. Hannan Dun- years of age are cordially invited to at he could.can Taylor, who died at her home on 'tend these meetings, and in hecnniP. It is easy to think and not decide:A trip through this city would pleasant street, about six o'clock, .members , of the Circle and Auxiliary, i1- is easy to decide without thinkingkow many streets, yards and open Wednesday evening, was held at the ' ,but if Js ot always easy to think andDlaces that are littered with the win- rpMonn. nf i,rpp vinM- vpstpr.inv' ine nnsuan n,naeavor society oi aecme arignt.ter's accumulation of waste and rub afternoon, with services conducted by the Paris Christian church wi meetWen, and are unsightly and unsani- Rev W E Ellis pastor of the Pari in the church 'Parlors at the usual hour,tary. If these are the conditions, out- christian church.' The burial on the 6:30 ,cIock Sunday night The ubJrvw PYnnsPd tn vier. ivhat. must ho e ti it- : n,n -d : n,f-., . Ject for consideration will be "The.., ..x- w .. .., .. Laiiuij iui in liic i ai 10 vjciucicij vu.nGet YourEaster DinnerFromN'SSanitary Market.IflRGOLtLamb, Veal,Yousig Pig Eoasfand Fancy BeefA FuJI L5ns ofFruits andVegetables "CALL UPthe conditions indoors, in cellars, at- private. The ipall-bearers were Geo.Quiet Ways of God's Providence.FRYE & FRANKLINDoctors of Optometry !Dow Bide., opp. Windsor Hotel jJMRGOLEN'SFirst Class Meat Markettfcs and passage ways and in little out- vt rpII nnnnan RpII Tamps p.hnmhPrR Miss Etnel Harper, leader. The C. Wof the-way places where dirt and filth George W. Stuart, James O'Brien and,B 1S,I-?;uxliliariy1 a,nd f Youn& w.fcan be conveniently hidden for the Amos Turney Sr .mens Mission Circle of the church willwhite. Mrs. Taylor was the widow of ihe'??86 th week or prayer, beginningIt is hardly necessary to dwell on late Mr. William Taylor, who for many Monday and ending Friday. Prayerthese facts, as all of us know there is vears resided on the suburban prop- eU& Y b(Lhel? at e church aJgreat need for a thorough cleaning erty at the junction of the Maysville -'." " ""?."" v" " ,vn. and that vp Klinhl trvtn mnlrp mirL.i x,.f, Tf?,iiTr-,. iroc iofa. lrilulJ' ancuiuuuliving habitations more sanitary and j owned by Mr. M. B. Lovell. She --vasbetter places to live in. We should 'one of the best-known women in Paris.try to make things around us mor"beautiful, and strive to make better"working and living conditions for everyone.A "Clean-up and Paint-up" campaign(mot merely a week) will serve to rejnlnd the general public of the importance of this work. It will result iiverybody taking hold and making asore thorough job ot it Experiencesla other places where such campaignshave been held indicates that aftercampaign is over property-owners anjmore apt to keep things clean thaniras the case before the matter had.been brought to their attention.CHANGE IN HANDLING FIREINSURANCE POLICIES.Xracal agents of fire insurance companies have received information tothe effect that, beginning May 1, a radical change will be made in routine ohandling fire insurance policies in thisState. Heretofore insurance agencies.to the smaller communities hav-ihandled their business directly withompanies, while in Lexington and sevaral other cities the policies have gannthrough a stamping office, in which the-folicies have been scrutinized as toTates and other technicalities.Hereafter all the work of the several(imping offices will be done in Louisrille under the direction of Mr. G. H.There will be noservices held on Tuesday.and was a representative of one of theoldest families in Paris, being a daughter of the late Mr. and Mrs. Jerre Duncan. Ker parents reside'1 on what wasthe old Duncan place, occupying thespace between Duncan avenue and theDresent residence of Mr. E. T. Hinton.then the old Paris City School. Mrs.Taylor had been ill for several monthsfrom a complication of diseases.Mrs. Taylor is survived by threesons, Messrs. William Taylor, LouisTaylor, of Paris, and Duncan Taylor,of Los Angeles, California; two sisters, Mrs. Winnifred Duncan Ford,widow of the late Mr. James K. Ford,md Mrs. George R. Bell. Another in Judge Wallace's court, in the casesister, Mrs. Kate Chambers, died in' of the Commonwealth of Kentuckythis city several years ago. Mrs. Tay- against the Kentucky Children's Homelor was a niece of Mrs. Thomas Henry Society and George L. Sehon, superinClay, Sr.. and of Misses Winnie andtendent of tne school.Lou K. Williams, of this city. "The amended petition states that aSTATE RAPS MANAGEMENTOF CHILDREN'S HOME.Owing to the fact that the people ofParis have a personal interest in theKentucky Children's Home at Louisville, "the fallowing special, from Louisville, which appeared in the daiiypapers of Wednesday, will be of Interest here:"The appointment of a receiver totake charge of the affairs of the Kentucky Children's Home Society is asked by the Commonwealth of Kentuckyin an amended petition filed TuesdayDRESS UP WITHShe had been a member of thereceiver is asked, in order that theChristian church her lifetime, and was j salary list of the home and other exalways devoted to it. The writer re-'Penses not necessary to the propermembers that in his early days the management of the home may be relove and devotion of Mrs. Taylor andher sisters was always held up to himas an example of family unity. Theywere almost inseparable in their companionship, and it was a rare sight tosee one without the other.GETS PROMOTION.arker,The. Maysville Daily Independent ofmanager of the Kentucky Tuesday, says: "Mr. William Lundrlduced, and to provide for the propermaintenance and education of the children until suitable homes may bo obtained for them, and for the purpose ofcarrying out the aims and objects ofthe society."The amended petition charges thatthe provisions for the maintenanceand education of the children in theHome, maintained by the KentuckyChildren's Home Society, under Superintendent Sehon, have been worse dur-Actuarial Bureau. Miss Margaret gan, r., better known to his friendsRyan, who has been in charge of the as "Bunnie" who for some time has mg the present year and are now worseIixiagtoa stamping office, will be 'been employed in the local L. & N. than at the time mentioned in thetransferred to Louisville, with an ad-freight station.1 left yesterday for Paris, original petition. It charges that theTaaoe la salary, and the office at Lex-? wneie no wm euier upuu ms neworne now contains zb cnnaren anafcagton will be closed. j duties as brakeman in the ParisThe change will cause some delay in yards. This is quite a promotion forthe delivery of policies to the insured,! Mr. Lundrigan and his many friend.hat the chief advantage to the com-congratulate him and hope for hispaniee is that it will insure the check continued success."ing over of all Kentucky policies at' '- nAntMl nfKsa Tncnraiipp mpn Hiv .''- CH3 I Ltt CVaVa nuULllMUWHO vtuuia viv. .jww w rfthat the new routine will tend to a,greater care on the part of the agents.The change follows the adoption of aAT THE WHITE HOUSE.that it is overcrowded, unsanitary anflunwholesome. It charges the childrenhave not been adequately clothed during the past winter to permit theproper outdoor exercise and recreation." Mr. Geo. Sehon, the superintendent,is well known here, where he has frequently visited. Mr. Sehon was a guestr I i ' w rTfl 1 I V tl M V V 1It wMJw)I lf uj& yMilwii AND CHII DRFN - whiWJL At ONE-HALF the Price You Pay Elsewhere! 1J!ImA j 0w Method of Merchandising Cuts Your JI nN&'i r Shoe Cost! Experienced shoe men buying x 11 vU' 1 ! n unmite( Quantities for our large chain of y.1 va (j II stores for spot cash assures you of the best wtmhik Tfi II in shoes at lowest possible prices. 7 WISP J) J AJ PfJTTtlsj flJ IJ8L UJxIS y J Jtl Jj, 1tfijlk PARIS, JY. (V v l JrAvhiii ?ki JluW IIIWJtiive ftlffWkWThe largest and most completedisplay of beautiful Easter Footwear ever offered now readyfor you. AM the new noveltiesin white, grey, Russ. tan and other fashionable shades, as well as thslylIQUVmoreconservEgg rolling within the White House LnTnftHmft an of friends in North Mid. - .C i it. erounds on Easter Mondav. at "Wash- ,.. , j,. -rw series or unuorm lorms oy mu - ' -- jaieiown. several cunuren irom coui'Actuarial Bureau and the State Rating g?a' custm f; s d af the bon county are in the Home at Louis... TAliit-Q TTniico iTcolf ri'ill Via ohqnilnnorlBowd, which will be put into effect on ".. "wl r 1 Vi" ,-"" "rJ "Aril 2this year because ot the internationalsituation, and the grounds around theIn a New York divorce suit a Sal- Washington monument with be used,ration Army captain has been named Under the present rule policemen keepxm ee-respeosKtent And his army is all unauthorized persons at a distance9tW Ji oil ting 'hallelu jab.".from the White House.The West Virginia lady who willgive tor husband a divorce if she getsthe-parrot evidently intends to leaveJ him without a single remembrance.t-',d414WV,jM'- f