NEWS.if"V.PUBLISHED EVERY TUESDAY AND FRIDAY IN THE YEAR.VOLUME XXXVIIPARIS, BOURBON COUNTY, KENTUCKY, TUESDAY, SEPTEMBER 11. 1917THE-. .. , , , Ji... ,, r iBOURBONBOARD REFUSES EXEMPTIONCLAIMS FOR EIGHT.With the departure of the sevenyoung men composing Bourboncounty's five per cent, in the iirstcall of drafted men, for their newhomes at Camp Taylor, near Louisville, hut little is heard on thestreets in regard to the next call.Before their departure a flashlightpicture was taken as they stood onthe plaza in front of the court house,and they were presented by CountyClerk Pearce Patonwith a plentifulsupply of tobacco, cigarettes, toiletarticles, etc., given to them by contributions of the citizens of Paris.The next call, or men to fill outBourbon county's quota will becomeeffective between September 19 and25, when forty per .cent, of the fullquota, or fifty-six men, will be summoned f or enlistment in the serviceof the United States.Requests for exemption upon various grounds preferred by eightmen who passed the physical examination were turned down by theBourbon County Board of Exemptionas follows:Omar Mertz, Tenth and Mainstreets, Paris; V. D. McGoldrick,Main street, Paris; Clement' Dunnigan, "Vine street, Paris; ForrestSaunders Day, Route -No. 2, Paris;Charles Edward Mason, North Middletown; Edward Mitchell, Route 5,Paris; Alfred Biddle, Route 6, Paris;Hiram Redding, Millersburg.All claims whatever for exemptionwere waived by Frank Clay Redmon,of near Paris, and he was accepted.Claims for exemption made byWashington Holmes, of Bourbon,who had passed the examination,were withdrawn by him, and he,also, was placed on the acceptedlist.Eighty-eight other young men ofthe city and county were excusedfrom army service, their claims forexemption having been allowed bythe local board. The same havebeen certified to the District Eoardfor the Eastern , District of Kentucky, in session at Lexington. Thelist is given below:(331) 5 85 Will Wiggins, R. D. 5,Paris.(347) 878 Ambrobe Lee Jones,North Middletown.(387) 1260 James Irvine, R. D. 7,Paris.(394) 681 Walter Irvine Coy,Carlisle. ,(383) 1121 Geo. 0. Blackaby, R.D. 1, Chilesburg.(401) 1390 Cal Herrington, R. D.5, Paris.(404). 725 Homer Herbert Lowry,Carlisle.(429) 257 James Boaz, Nineteenth Street, Paris.(430) 1109 Louis Rose, R. D. 2,Paris.(434) 80 7 Wm. Henry Rankin, R.D. 2, Paris.(440) 285 James Hubbard, 1953Main Street, Paris.(443) 1051 Grover Oder, Hutchison. '. (444) 560 Rufus Lanter, R. D. 9,Carlisle.(448) 1435 George William Wyatt,R. D. 9, Cynthiana.(449 1163 John Alfred Burden,Paris.450) 146 William Powell, MainStreet, Paris.(451) 843 Jesse William Case, R.D. 1, Paris.452) 1050 Charlie Osborne.Hutch-ison.(453) 1376 Len" Dyehouse, Shaw-han.(Continued on Page 3.)153 ta EaEXPERT TO SUPERINTEND DRYCLEANING PLANT.The Paris Electric Dry CleaningCo. has secured the services of Mr.David Traugott, of Cincinnati, totake charge of their plant and superintend the mechanical department.Mr. Traugott comes to Paris highlyrecommended, having been connected with Teasdale's famous plant inCincinnati for some time.With the facilities of the ElectricDry Cleaning Co., and the experience of Mr. Traugott, they areready and prepared to handle anywork in their line with the guarantee to their customers that they willget the best that can be had anywhere. The ladies as well as the gentlemen of Paris are invited to sendtheir best "dudsV to this concernand have them made to look likenew fall and winter garments. (It)ia l SsJUDGMENT FOR $25,000 AGAINSTBARKSDALE HAMLET.Judgment was taken by the Commonwealth in the Franklin- CircuitCourt for $25,000 against formerState Superintendent Barksdale Hamlett and his bondsmen in the suit forschool funds alleged to have beenpaid out by him for expenses and salraies without authority of law. Hisbondsmen were Rufus H. Vansant.the late John C. C. Mayo and D. W.Gardner. Similar suits are pendingagainst former Supts. Regenstein andCrabbe for less amounts. The defendants refuse to amend their answersand prayed an appeal in the Hamlett-case. v . -SECOND REGIMENT SOLDIERSAND BAND VISIT PARIS.Headed by their splendid band offifty pieces, and accompanied by several officers, a squad of twenty-fivepicked men from various companiesof the Second Kentucky Regiment, incamp at Camp Stanley, near Lexington, visited Paris Saturday morning.They were advertising the big athletic meeting, track events and exhibition drills to be given in Lexingtonthis (Tuesday) afternoon.The detachment came in on aspecial open car and trailer on the interurban line, Saturday' morning.The truck was elaborately decoratedwith American flags and bunting.After parading the principal streets,a stop was made near THE NEWSoffice, where the band gave a musicalprogram of excellent merit. The infantry squad gave a number of campyells, and spell-binders accompanying them told of the big athleticevents to take place to-day.After leaving Paris the band andthe detachment of soldiers visitedGeorgetown. Frankfort, Nicholasvilleand Versailles, where the programwas repeated the boys being greetedby large and enthusiastic crowds ateach place.This (Tuesday) morning the soldiers of the Second and Third Kentucky will form at Camp Stanley andwill hike to Lexington, where theywill parade through the streets andthen march to the K. T. H. B. A. trotting track grounds. At the conclusionof the afternoon's program, ColonelJouett Henry, in command of theKentucky brigade during the absenceof General Roger D. Williams, willreview the troops, possibly the lasttime the two regiments will be reviewed on Kentucky soil Until theycome back from France.a tsa taRIGHT.If incomes from Davis it is rightright in price, right in quality,right in style.J. W. DAVIS & CO.lEi ISCLARA KIMBALL YOUNG IN "THEEASIEST WAY."Clara Kimball Young in "The Easiest Way," a photodrama version ofwhat has been recognized as thegreatest American drama, will be theattraction at the Alamo Theatre andParis Grand Opera House to-morrow,Wednesday, afternoon and night.This Selznick-Pictu es productionwas directed by Albert Capellani, whowno the highest laurels with hisscreen version of "The CommonLaw." "The Easiest Way" is by Eugene Walter, another distinguishedaddition to the list of famous authorswho have furnished Selsnick-Picturestories."The Easiest Way" is the story ofan actress who battles hard to winrecognition, but "ncounters everywhere the sort of underground politics and jealousies which baffle somany beginners in theatrical careers.Miss Young, as Laura Murdock, hasthe most powerful lole of her entirecareer, and her acting is supreme. Inthe supporting cast is Joseph Kilgour, as the wealthy broker, the rolehe played in the original Belasco production. Another important part isplayed by Rockcliffe Fellows, a popular leading man. Other favorites inthe cast are LouiseBates, FrankKingdon, Cleo Desmond, George Stevens, Mae Hopkins and Walter McEwan. 3 IS ?aCAMPING AT BLUE LICKS.The following jolly camping partyleft yesterday for a ten-days' outingat Blue Licks: 'Mr. and Mrs. W.W.'Judy and T. J. Judy, Jr., Mr.and Mrs. R. F. Clendenin, MissMary Louise Clendenin, Mr. andAire Lns-an Howard. Mrs. Frank-K-icpr Mrs. W. G. McClintock, Dr.and Mrs. J. O. Marshall and Wm.Marshall, and Mr. and Mrs. LutherRice.TCI IS ISBUY HANDSOME TOWN HOME.Mr. and Mrs. I. D. 'Thompson yesterday purchased of Mrs. Ruby Arnsparger her beautiful home on Duncan avenue. The price paid wassaid to be about $7,000. Mr. andMrs. Thompson and family will moveto Paris to make their future homeabout November 1st.IS Wl l"l -WILL LIVE IN CALIFORNIA.Dr. Graham Edgar, formerly ofParis, and a brother of Mrs. J. T.Vansant, has taken a splendid position in the new Troop School ofTechnology, in Pasadena California.. Dr. Edgar has been a memberof the faculty of the University ofVirginia for several years.Mrs. Edgar, who has been spending the summer in Lexington witht for Mrs. Aitrett iiarsimu,Iwf i.ct wpek for her home at therTTniversitv of Virginia, thence toPrinceton University to visit her sis-' terMrs. Wertenbaker, until the first1 of October, when she will go to Ptas-ladena, to join Dr. Edgar.NURSES' GRADUATING CLASS ATMASSIE MEMORIAL HOSPITAL.For the first time in its historytne Massie Memorial Hospital, intnis city, will furnish the settingfo a class of graduate nurse, whohave been taking the prescribedcourse in nursing at this institu-tion.On Thursday, September 27, in theNurses' Home at the institution willbe held the graduating exercises ofthe first class of the Massie Memo-rial Hospital School of Nurses,when three young ladies, MissesMattie Harley, Minnie Robinson!ana Annetta Gray, will receive their.t diplomas and will take the FlorenceNightfngale Pledge, which evolvesthem into full-fledged members of,the nursing corns. Miss Harnevwill be the honor graduate of theclass. She has been one of the mostfaithful and studious members ofthe class, and finished the coursewith high honors. Misses Robinsonand Gray have likewise been devotedto their work, and will make theirentry from the school under the mostfavorable circumstances. The exer-cises will mark a new era in the life' ff Tl a MoeeiOO lfomni!nl TlnrniUnlwi. uiu iuiwuwi. .ucmuiiai i.jLjoyt.,ai,aid will be the means of putting before the young women of the community who desire to become nursesthe advantages of entering the Massie Memorial School of Nursing,jwhere they may receive the best oftraining for their profession underskilled and competent tutors.The following is the programwhich will be observed at the graduation exercises of the class of1917:Music SelectedInvocation .... Rev. Geo. H. HarrisMusic (Selected) Mrs. Frank FithianAddress Hon. C. M. ThomasAdministration of Florence Nightingale Pledge.Presentation of DiplomasMiss Boehme, SuperintendentMrs. M. H. Dailey, Accompanist.Refreshments.la Ca KsOH, THE NERVE!Last. Friday night while Chief ofPolice Link was on duty investigating several police cases, a thief orthieves visited his home and lootedthe place of every flower and growing plant that adorned it. f A number of shrubs were literally torn upby the 'roots, and the whole horticulture collection taken away. ChiefLink's hardest case is now beforehim for solution, as the depredatorsworked silently, swiftly and surely,leaving absolutely no clue behindthem.W 00WE KNOW HW !Schoolf"xZC- I i 1 viA.aKV,4A;r,'v I ("rVI'i "lSiflrf I 1I 111 wfI 1 I'FI I I I'llI 1L-1 ill ftLfi'Sfpntt?All Wool Suits Prom$6.00 to $12.00Tans, Greys, Blue Serges and Fancy Mixtures. Stylishcut coats that will give that boy the manly appearancethat every mother vjp.nts her boy to have.8m . -HII I irh 11 JLJ WBlIiii AiStetson HatsManhattanHANCOCK HcfeSES JOLLEDWHEN SHIP SUNK BYU-BOATS.J News was received here yesterdaythat A. B. Hancock, of this city,suffered .the loss of a fine -importedstallion and a number of broodmaresrecently purchased in England byj the sinking of the vessel 'on whichthey were being brought to thiscountry as the result of an attack bya German submarine,Included in the shipment was theimported stallion, Maiden Erleigh,for which Mr. Hancoek is said tonave paid $18,000 at the Newmarketsaies. Tne stallion ana tne mareswere purchased at the'sale of J. Musker and were being brought over toMr. Hancock's place near this city,when they were lost.It was stated at the HancockPhonic that he received a cablegramFriday from Moorehouse, the agentin London, through whom the horseswere purchased, .notifying him thatthey had 'gone down" with the Minnehaha, on which they were shipped.Mr. Hancock has cabled Moorehouseand also wired the New York officeof the steamship company for further details, but so far has heardnothing, but he feels that Moorehouse's cablegram briefly stated thefacts.Es fe tsOIL STOCK VALUABLE.Bourbon Oil & Development Co. sstock is cheap at 50 cents. It isworth more and will soon be bringing more.3 2 TSMETHODIST PASTORS GIVEN ASSIGNMENTS. The closing day of the KentuckyConference of tho Methodist church,which has been in session in Lexington, was devoted to debates on subjects important to the church. A resolution offered by Rev. E. G. B.Mann, Presiding Elder of the Lexington District, to remove the fou--year-limitfrom the pastorate, wasadopted by a vole of ninety-one tothirty-three.In the assignment of pastors forthe coming year Rev. W. O. Sadler,of Paris, goes to the Scott streetchurch in Covington, while Rev. G.R. Combs, of Lexington, comes toParis; Rev. E. E. Jackson, to Hutchison; Rev. J. W Gardiner to Mili&sburg; Rev. C. C. Fisher to remainas President of Millersburg College.- 151 21 ISHEATING STOVES.Heating stoves of every variety.Pick yours out and have it put upj during our Big September Sale,(It)A. F. WHEELER & CO.QSuitsForBoysThe time is here when youmust get your boy ready tobegin school, and whether heis the little tot just startingout or the grown up boy,there is not a mother or father that does notwant their boy to look neatand appear well dressedamong his school mates. OurSuits for Boys 'are made rightand are tailored in such a waythat the hard wear that everyboy gives his clothes will notshow as soon as other boys'suits which are not madefjsowell. We are showing suitswith (2) pairs of trousers, allcolors, all sizes and very moderate in price, reinforcedseams sewed strong and substantial. ' RIoLrAmAKACmwIIIVI WShirts ?& Nettleton ShoesI TRAIN WRECK LIBERATES FIERYACID ON MAN.In a freight wreck which occurrednear Paris on the Paris and Winchester division of theLouisville and-XToeTi-rni -.M J -r,-,,-.- ,.iiiwuimc iduiuau, i?naav nieni.fourteen cars were derailed and demolished, a man named Elmer Osborne, of Winchester, was badlyburned about the face, back andhands by the breaking of a numberof carboys containing acids. Osborne's presence on the train was unknown to the train crew.The wreck occurred near Plummerstation, the cause being unknownThe train, a northbound freight, loaded with general merchandise, amongwhich was several cars of acids enrounte to a munition factory, was going at a moderate rate of speed.Wrecking trains from Paris went tothe scene at once and cleared thewreckage. All passenger trains onthat division had to be detoured byway of Lexington.Osborne was sent to the Massie Memorial Hospital, where his injurieswere given prompt ..treatment. Hewas reported yesterday as restingvery comfortably, with good prospectsof complete recovery.Immediately after receiving detailsof the accident L. & N. officials communicted with Supt. Newton Mitchell, of the Paris Water Company, andnotified him of the circumstances.The pumping plant was shut downuntil it could be ascertained whetherany of the acid which had flowed intoa small stream nearby had reachedStoner Creek, which was thoughtprobable. Farmers in the vicinitywere also warned not to permit theircattle or other stock near the stream.Up to yesterday no traces of the acidin the water had been discovered andit was supposed to have evaporated orabsorbed in the soil.,3 TSGET YOUR OIL STOCK NOW.Have you given your subscriptionfor Bourbon Oil Stock? Fifty centsper-share now. Will soon be ?1.00.is fca EaSNEAK THIEVES STEAL DIAMONDS AND JEWELS.Duing the absence of the familySunday afternoon the home of Mr. E.E. Woods, near Stop No. 34, on theParis and Lexington interurban line,was visited by thieves, who effectedan entrance through a rear window.The thief ransacked the house,and secured a diamond ring, two diamond earrings, a Smith & Wessonrevolver and a sum of money in currency, which had been locked in adesk.Upon returning Mr. Woods andfamily discovered the marauder'svisit, and called Chief of Police FredLink- by telephone. Chief Link andDeputy Sheriff Marshall went to theWoods home in an auto and made aninvestigation, but were unable to obtain a clue as to the identity of thethief. The police ' of all the surrounding cities were notified of therobbery.Detectives Stewart and Lieut.Price, of the Lexington police force,arrested Grover Cleveland Morgan,alias Jim Porter, of Maysville, inLexington yesterday, charged withthe theft.Morgan had been trying to disposeof a pair of diamond earrings at astore on Water street. Accordingto the police, Morgan had all theother stolen articles in his possession. He claimed to have found theearrings and to Lave purchased therevolver from a negro in Paris. Thearticles were identified as the onesbelonging to Mr Wood. Morganwas sent to the Greendale ReformSchool several years ago on a robbery charge, but made his escape.IS IS isHAS AHM DISLOCATED.While riding a pony at the home orMiss Carolyn Hoseberry, on the CaneRidge pike, near Paris, Saturday afternoon, Miss Elmeta Douglass,daughter of Mr. and Mrs. JamesDouglass, of Paris, was thrown fromher seat when the saddle slipped.Shq sustained a dislocation of theright shoulder. Miss Douglass, witha party of little girls, had been spending the day at the Roseberry home.She was taken to her home, whereshe received medical attention, andis resting comfortably.m fca TDON'T WAIT BUY NOW.You do not gain by waiting, butmake money by buying Bourbon Oil& Development Co.'s stock now.Price 50 cents per share, par value$1.00. -jstsa isLOCATES IN THE NORTH.Eld. John Christopherson, who for.the past four years, has been pastorof the North Middletown Christianchurch, left last week with his family, for Minneapolis, Minn., he having accepted a caU to the pastorateof the University Place ChristianChurch in that city.Rev. Christopherson had previously accepted a call to the pastorateof the Christian church at Williamsburg, Ky., but secured his release,feeling that he could do more goodin a larger field.MORGAN'S MEN REUNION CLOSESAT OLYMPIA. vThe closing session of the reunionof "Morgan's Menn," was held at thaOlymnian Snrinp-c proti tw.i.,.Z -r-a v,w, X-HUJmorning and the majority of the veterans left on the morning train fortheir homes. The last session wasentirely a social affair, and informalas usual. Some of the veterans remained over.for the night, and othersleft on the afternoon train. Themorning was devoted in the main tqsinging the old songs of the Southland, and in story-telling..Capt. James R. Rogers, of Bourboncounty, told at luncheon in an entertaining way of a coon hunt Jn which.Col. W. C. P. Brekinridge and Senator James B. Beck took part, the huntlasting until three o'clock in themorning. Both the hunters appearedin court at eight o'clock to argueimportant cases the same piorning'just as if they had not been out allnight at hard riding.The oldest veteran present -was Mr.W. D. Fetheringill, of Winchester,"who is 87 years old, and the youngest,Lev. P. Young, who admitted that hewill be 71 years old in November.Col. James N. Stone, Qf near NorthMiddletown, was the only bachelorveteran present, and was easily thefavorite among the women.The next meeting will probably beheld at Olympian Springs the firstweek in September, 1918, though thematter of fixing the time and place isleft to the president and secretaryof the Association. This will be announced as- it was this year, a fewweeks before the time for the annualmeeting. s,The following veterans from Bourbon county were present at the reunion: S. T. Talbott, Company D, SecondKentucky Cavalry.C. H. Meng, North Middletown,Company C, Ninth Kentucky Cavalry.J. R. Rogers, Adjutant, Third Ken-,tucky Cavalry.George W. Morrow, Austerlitz,Company B, Eighth Kentucky Cavalry. W. C. Stipp, Clintonville, CompanyD, Eighth Kentucky Cavalry.Gano Hildreth, Paris, Company B,Eighth Kentucky Cavalry.Dr. R. D. Weaver, North" Middletown, Company C, Fifth KentuckyCavalry.J. N. Stone, North Middletown,Company D, Eighth Kentucky Cavalry. The roster of the members of theold command from Bourbon countywho have "crossed over the river" inthe past several years, comprise thefollowing: A. T. (Polk) Forsyth, Co.C, Ninth Kentucky; A. J. Bonta, Co.B., Ninth Cavalry; David Ballingal,Co. B., Ninth Cavalry; E. P. Clark,Co. C, Eleventh Cavalry; WilliamCunningham, Co. A., Second Kentucky; Newton Current, Co. C, FifthCavalry; F. M. Gillispie, Co. E.ThirdCavalry; George W. Johnson, Co. B,Second Cavalry; C. H. Lowe, Co. D.,Eighth Cavalry; W. A. Morris, Co. D.,Third Cavalry; Russell Mannr Co. C,Ninth Cavalry; J. T. Quisenberry, Co.A., Eleventh Cavalry; Fred C. Riddell, Co. D., Eighth Cavalry; Ed.Rice, CovD., Second Cavalry; GeorgeW. Righter, Co. K., Ninth Cavalry; ,Alex Talbott, Co. E., Eighth Cavalry;A. G. Wornall, Co. D., Eighth Cavalry; Buckner Woodford, Co. C, FifthCavalry.1 S3 fsSELLS MT. STERLING HOME.Mr. James M. Hutsell, formerly ofParis and Millersburg, who has beenresiding in Mt. Sterling, where he hasbeen in the hotel business, has soldhis two-story frame resident on Holtavenue, in Mt. Sterling, to Mr. PeterR. Cockrell, of Montgomery county,for ? 5,0 00. Possession will be givenin thirty days. Mr. Hutsell will begin the erection of a modern home ohhis farm on the Maysville pike, aboutthree miles from Mt. Sterling.'Ba fe aSELLS BOURBON FARM.Through the Paris Realty Co., Mr.I. D. Thompson has sold 220 acresof his fine farm, located on theClintonville pike, near Paris, atabout ?170 per acre, or a sum saidto be in excess of $27,000.Mr. Frank Clay bought eightyacres of the farm and Mr. J. J. Haggat d, of Clark county, secured .140acres lying on the east side of theL. & N. railroad tracks, and forty,acres on the west side. The latterincludes the Thompson home and &small frontage on the Clintonvillepike. Mr. Thompson retains 175or 180 .acres, on which, are tobaccobarns and a fine stock barn. .m mPARIS FIRM LOSES OUT.In the Harrison Circuit Court thesuit of Charles T. Eals, of Cynthiana,real estate agent, against Harris &Speakes, was decided in Mr. Eales' favor, he securing a verdict awardinghis ?230.M,tEals sued the Paris firm forcommissions alleged to have been duehim for his assistance in selling sodtfarm properties in-rarious localitW. ,hSL7"V!iK- lEAGETWOTHE BOURBON NEWS, PARIS, KY.TUESDAY. SSFFBMBjft 11, lflf.-v.XThe Bourbon Newsf'"rtabllthed 1881 S5 Years oftinuout Publication.Con-jbllshed Every Tuesday and Friday.r Year... ?2.00 Six Months... $1.00Payable In Advance.WIFT Ct!AMP. Editor and Owner.Any erroneous reflection upon thecharacter, standing or reputation ofny person, firm, or corporation which)&y appear in the columns of TUBBOURBON NEWS will be gladly corrected if brought to attention of theeditor.ADVERTISING RATESDisplay Advertisements, ?1.00 perInch for first time; 50 cents per incheach subsequent insertion.Reading Notices, 10 cents per lineeach issue; reading notices in blacktype, 20 cents per line, each issue.Cards of thanks, calls on candidates, obituaries and resolutions, andsimilar matter, 10 cents per line.Special rates for large advertisements and yearly contracts.The right of publisher is reservedto decline any advertisement or othermatter for publication.Announcements for political officesmust invariably be accompanied bythe cash.THE DEMOCRATIC TICKET.Tor State' Senator George Hon, ofClark CountyTor Representative C. M. Thomas,of Bourbon County.Tor Sheriff Will G-. McClintock.Por County Clerk Pearce Paton.Tor County Judge George . Batterton. For County Attorney David D.Cline.Por County Superintendent of SchoolsJ. B. Caywood.For Jailer Thomas Taul.For Assessor Walter Clark.For Coroner Rudolph. Davis, Paris.For Magistrate L. J. Fretwell, ParisPrecinct; John N. Shropshire,Centerville Precinct; E. P. Thomasson, Millersburg Precinct; Jno.S. Wiggins, Hutchison Precinct;R. 0. Turner, Ruddles Mills Precinct; John S. Talbott, North Middletown Precinct; S. R. Burris, Little Rock Precinct; Lee Stephenson, Clintonville Precinct.For Mayor E- B. January.For Chief of Police W. Fred Link.For Councilmen Pst Ward JohnMerringer, John Christman andThos. Kiser; Second Ward S. K.Nichols, J. J. "Veatch and JohnArkle; Third Ward Geo. Doyle.pany is just the sort of a girl for usand for any worthy man to marry-But you, ye pining, moping, mortgaged, music-murdering, novel-devouringdaughters of fashion, and idleness,you are no more fit for matrimonythan a pullet is to look after a family of fourteen chickens.The truth is, dear girls, you wantmore liberty and less fashionable restraints, more kitchen and less parlormore leg exercise and less sofa, morepudding and less piano, more frankness and less modesty, more breakfast and less bustle. Loose yourselvesa little, enjoy more liberty and lessrestraint by fashion, breathe the pureatmosphere of freedom, and becomesomething as lovely and beautiful asthe God of nature designed."The statement of Herbert C.Hoover furnished food for thought,"says a contemporary. The only food,alas, that hasn't risen to figures almost prohibitive.EDITORIAL MUSINGS.s.Why Some Towns Grow.The reason why seme towns growis because there are men of push andenergy in them who are not afraid tospent! their time and money to boomthe town. They erect good buildings, organize stock companies and establish factories, secure railroads,work for public improvements anduse every means in their power to induce people to locate in their city.Wherever they go they tell of theadvantages cf their city, they writeabout them in every letter, they sendcirculars and newspapers to all whomthey think they can get to visit thecity, and when anyone visits themtreats him so knidly that he falls inlove with them and their city atonce. It is enterprise and everyonepulling together that makes a progressive town and don't let the factescape your memory.To hear every person saying something pleasant about its people andits interests is the surest, quickestand easiest way to make a town attractive to a stranger. One. of thebest ways in which to make a townattractive with that sort of attraction that will draw other people to itis for every man and every womanto have a pleasant word for the people and the town generally.Talk up your town if you wouldhave it do well. Talk up your townif you would have others come toyou. Talk up your town if you wouldfeel an interest in it, and have itspeople feel an interest in you. Thereis no better way to do it. And manya time one little word of unpleasantreference to something that does not-exactly suit you and not particularly-eoncern you as to that matter, willturn a good man's influence awayfrom your town and may even drive- him away. At your own fireside,talk up your town. Among youryour neighbors talk up your town.When you come in contact with- strangers, talk up the most potentv agency ever set in motion for helping- your town.V .We suppose the time will come' when any Kentuckian wearing skirts I- and seeming unoer iorty win De arrested under the curfew laws if seenon the street making for a late trainto get out of Louisville.The Kind of Girl Por Us.The buxom, bright-eyed, rosycheeked bouncing lass, who can darna. stocking, mend trousers, make herown frocks, command a regiment ofpots and kettles, feed the pigs, chopwood, milk cows, wrestle with theboys, and be, a lady withal in com-The Printers' "Devil."The term printer's devil as appliedto the boy who does the choringaround a printing office has a peculiar romantic history. In early daysprinting was styled the "black art,"and printers were supposed to be inleague with Satan. But it was in thetime of Aldus Minutius in Venicethat the matter took a serious turn.This was the famous printer who firstpublished the Greek and Romanclassics. He took into his employ anegro boy who was homeless on thestreets of Venice. The people supposed the boy was an imp from Satanand that he assisted in printing.Mobs collected about the office andwere about to wreck it, when the boywas brought forward and exhibited,showed that he was flesh and blood,but he was still called the "printer'sdevil" and every boy in his positionever since has been so called.S3 3 QAUTO BUS LINE BETWEEN PARISAND CYNTHIANA.Mr. Richard Terry, the enterprising proprietor of the Main StreetGarage in Cynthiana, has establishedand put in, operation an auto busline between Paris and Cynthiana,the first run being made yesterday.The bus will leave Cynthiana at11:00 a. m., arriving -at Paris at11:40 a. m. Returning it will leaveParis at 12:00 m., arriving in Cynthiana at 12:40 p. m. The new arrangement will be a great convenience to tie people of both cities andthe territory through which the busline operates in both Bourbon andHarrison counties, since the Louisville & Nashville discontinued thenoon accommodation train betweenParis and Cynthiana.m Ea PaKENTUCKY OAK TO BE USED ONBATTLESHIPS.A HUSTIHf G WESTERN CITY.Mrs. Mary Hibler, the venerablemother of Messrs. 'Harvey ,nd BishopHibler, of Paris, sends to THE NEWSa clipping from an Alva, Okla., paper,which was sent to her by Miss JennieKirby, who "Will be remembered as aresident of Paris several years ago.The clipping has a column of statistics showing the wonderful growthof this Western city, whichfrom a small tent city of a few hundred souls, has risen to a city of 5,000, and is in the center of a largemanufacturing and farming community. Alva has twelve churches; fourpublic schools; a $75,000 High Schoolbuilding in course of construction; aState Normal school with a corps ofthirty instructors and an enrollmentof 500; seven grain elevators; fivebanks with deposits amounting toover $2,000,000; 4 miles of finedaily and three weekly papers; fourhotels; four oil and gas companies;eight big manufacturing plants; twocompeting lines of railroads; modernwater works ahd sewer system; up-to-datemotor equipped fire department;three-story City Hall; and otherthings too numerous to mention, butall indicative of a live, progressive,hustling city. Many Kentuckianshave investments there and quite anumber are residents of the city.One of the greatest assets the townboasts of is a live wire organization,a commercial and farm bureau composed of business men who work dayand night for the advancement of thecity's interest. No petty jealousies orparty politics are permitted for oneinstant to, stand in the way of anymeasure that is for the good of thewhole community. Which, by theway, would be a splendid example tobe followed by some Kentucky cities,especially Paris."P3 3 1THE SHEEP INDUSTRY.fES! LEFT A COEH OPF WITHOUT""- PAm. vCincinnati Authority TeUfHow toDry a Corn or Callous So It liftsOff With Fingers.You corn-pestered men and womenneed suffer no longer. Wear the shoesthat nearly killed ycu before, saysthis Cincinnati authority, because afew drops of Freezone applied directly on a tender, aching corn or callous,stops soreness at once and soon thecorn or callouses harden so it canbe lifted out, root and all, withoutpain.A small bottle of Freezone costvery little at any drug store, but willpositively take off every hard or softcorn or callous. This should be tried,as it is inexpensive and is said notto irritate the surrounding skin.If your druggist hasn't any Free-paved streets; three city parks; two f zone tell him to get a small bottle foryou from his wholesale drug house.It is fine stuff and acts like a charmevery time (adv)fe feNEW WINDOW GLASS.The Navy Department is lookingto Kentucky to furnish much of thedeck timber it is preparing to use inthe construction of battleships. Itmade this clear when E. E. Hoggs andFrank Alley, of Morehead, owner ofa tract of valuable timber land inRowan cojunty, called on the chiefsof the Breaus of Construction and Repair and Supplies and Accounts, incompany with Representative W. J.Fields.White oak timber tnat comes up tothe required Government standard isin great demand just at this time forshipbuilding purposes, and whenChief Constructor David W. Taylorand Paymanster Samuel McGowanlearned that Mr. Hoogs and Mr. Alleyhad an abundant supply on theirproperty they let it be known thatthe Navy Department expects to purchase all the available supply ofwhite oak timber in Kentucky suitable for shipbuilding needs, provided, of course, that the prices askedare not found unreasonable.Ea P3KENTUCKY HAS AN IMMENSECORN ACREAGE.The immense corn acreage of Kentucky ranges in percentage of condition all the way from 120 in WesternKentucky, where all records will bebroken, to 70 in some parts of Central and Eastern .Kentucky, wheredrought conditions v ere not brokenuntil the latter part of August, thereport of Commissioner of Agriculture, Mat S. Cohen, states. Tobaccois hurt some in the eastern section,but pastures have been brought outby late rains.Commissioner Cohen said he hopessoon to announce the sowing of thelargest wheat acreage in the historyof Kentucky.m l SThe sale of a ram from WalnutHall farm at the Sale Lake City sheepsales the past week for $1,600 callsattention to the possibilities of thesheep breeding industry in CentralKentucky. There is a big market forgood breeding stock and the BlueGrass region of Kentucky has alreadyestablished a reputation as a sourceof such stock. The breeders herehave, therefore, a tremendous advantage at the start, and there is not theslightest reason why the number ofblooded sheep herds should not beincreased.The sheep industry in the UnitedStates prior to the war suffered aperiod of decline. Notwithstandingthe high tariff on wool, the number ofsheep decreased for many years.Wool prices are now higher than foryears. Tne demands ot the war naveconsumed all surplus stocks and theworld will have a wool shortage formany years to come. Under such conditions wool is sure to bring a highprice for a long time. Here in Central Kentucky with a large local population and two large cities near by,within easy reach of larger cities suchas Chicago, Cleveland and even Philadelphia and New York, there is agood profit in lambs for slaughter.It appears, therefore, that the farmerwho invests a part of his surplus thisyear in establishing a herd of sheepor increasing a herd already established will make no mistake.E3 fa isAn English inventor has perfecteda new window-glass to keep out coldin winter and heat in summer. Thenew glass is based on the well-knownprinciple that any gas is a poor conductor of heat or cold. The ideal window glass to resist heat or cold wouldbe a double pane with a vacuum between, as in a thermos 'bottle. Butthe vacuum makes the glass so 'easilybreakable that this is not practical.So the inventor has designed a doublepane with a space between the halves,smoothly welded at all the edges. Thespace within is pumped full of darbon dixoide or some similar inertgas. If the pressure of the gas withinis equal to the air pressure without,the pane is no more breakable thanan ordinary one, and it resists thepassages of the heat or cold muchlonger.Lost, Strayed or StolenFrom a stable in East Paris, Sunday morning, a four-year-old baymare with two white hind feet, andstar in forehead. Suitable rewardfor her recovery or for informationleading to her recovery.JOS. BODKINS,Route 3, Paris, Ky.AMERICA'S NATIONAL ARMY REVIEWED BY PRESIDENTWith President Wilson, his Cabinet, high government officials andmembers of Congress marching at thehead of a parade of drafted men fromthe District of Columbia,, the nationTuesday did honor 1 1 the members ofthe new National Army, which began assembling Wednesday. Agedmembers of Congress refused carriages and veterans of the blue andfgray locked arms and marchedthroughout the procession. Therewere 10,000 soldiers and marines inline.Ha fe feNEWSPAPER MEN QUITTING THEGAME.Scrap Iron Wanted.1 am paying fifty cents per hundredfor all kinds of scrap iron. Not lesathan 1,000 pounds. This material canbe weighed at any city scales. This Jto be relivered to the cars on the Loulsville & Nashville tracks, oppositthe freight depot.Call us over the Cumberland 'phon347-J.MAX MUNICH,Eighth Street, Paris, Ky.. loctfO-lyi')Ifr' M RFTEENTH-ANNUALKENTUCKY STATE FAIRLouisville, September 10-15, 1917Supreme in Horse Show HistoryChampionshipof Americav Fire-Gaitei; Saddle HorseiPremiumsPremiums--$10,000.00---$50,000.00--Ten Big Acts HIPPODROME"- Band FortyGREATEST AGGREGATION OF INDOOR ATTRACTIONS EVER OFFEREDBEAUTIFUL BABY-SHOW PARADEMIDWAY OF MIRTH. MUSIC AND MOVING MASSESReduced Railroad Rates.Catalogues now ready.Address FOUNT T. KKEMER, Secretary,14 Rapablic Baildiar. Loaisrill,.4Thrift Is Now aNational SloganThe American people arewaking up. They resent thecharge that they are wasteful.Bank deposits all over thecountry are increasing by leapsand bounds.Are you a depositor ?If you are not, join the financial preparedness army. Manage to lay aside a certainamount of cash. We'll be gladto explain our banking system.wFarmers' & Traders' BankT. P. KISER, PresidentSixth and Main StreetsWM. GRIMES, Bookkeeper.W. W. MITCHELL, Gashier.ASSESSORS CONFER ON NEW TAXLAW.The County Assessors from Woodford, Bourhon, Jessamine, Anderson,Spencer, Henry, Oldham, Owen andShelby met in Shelbyville, Friday toexchange ideas on the best methodsof taking the assessment under thenew law, which they say will largelyincrease the work without providingfor any additional compensation. TheHon. George L. Pickett, who was amember of the Tax Commission thatframed the bill, met with the assessors and explained the purposes the5commission had in view when the actwas drafted, and gave them his ideasas to its operation. The assessorswere unanimous in the opinion thatit would be necessary to largely increase their working force, and incidentally descussed means wherebythey could he reimbursed for the extra time and labor required. Nodefinite action, howerer, was taken.Occasionally we find some man whohas been in the newspaper game fora long while so utterly reckless as toleave it for work in other lines.Among the latest members of thecraft to get into other fields is Mr.Eugene Wise, formerly of the CarlisleDemocrat and the Carlisle Advocate,who has gone to college at Parkersville, .Missouri; Mr. Teddy Shannon,lately with the Paris Democrat, whohas gone back to the farm; Mr.Jeptha Nunnelley, formerly co-editorof the Georgetown News and the Midway Clipper, has accepted a positionas bookkeeper at the Farmers' Bankof Sadieville.Mr. Hugh Dennis, a member of thestaff in the office of the JessamineNews, at Nicholasville, who recentlyenlisted in the navy, left for the Norfolk, Va,, training station yesterday,having been ordered to report there.Home For Sale PrivatelyOn account of Mr. Napier's passenger iHin being changed from Paris toLexington and Cincinnati necessitating a removal to Lexington, I desireto dispose of my resid nee at the corner of Main and Second streets, inParis, at private sale.This is a substantial brick house,two-stories, has six large rooms;sleeping porch; two concrete porches;large garden and poultry yard; sideand front yard. It ir. a first-classhome and will be a bargain for thepurchaser. It is in first-class shape.An inspection-of the house and premises is invited.MRS JESSIE S. NAPIER,(4-tf) 128' Mam Street.Paris, Kentucky. 1ym teBANKS 'ARE REPORTING THEIRDEPOSITS TO COMMISSIONERS.Public RentingOFBOSWELL FARMWe will rent publicly at the courthouse door at 2 o'clock, p. m., onSATURDAY, SEPT. 15, 1917,the Boswell farm containing 140acres situated on Paris & Lexingtonpike, iy2 miles from Paris, with interurban stop in front of dwelling.To be cultivated as follows:About 9 acres in tobacco, .24 acresin corn, 40 acres in wheat, balance inmeadow and bluegrass.Contract to be read at time of renting and note to be secured satisfactorily to the undersigned.This is an excellent farm with nicedwelling and and is desirable in everyway.BOURBON - AGRICULTURAL BANK& TRUST COMPANY,Guardian of Boswell heirs.(7-3t)Bank reports of deposits subject to Jtaxation on September 1 are beingreceived in every mail by the StateTax Commission. The reports showremarkably large deposits. Chairman Logan said, and are admirablymade, except that some report as ofthe beginning of business September1 and others as of the close of business. For the sake of uniformity allshould he as of the beginning of TwhCorrect EnglishHOW TO USE IT.A MONTHLY MAGAZINE,Josephine Turck Baker. Editor.For Progressive Men and Women,Business and Professional; Club Women, Teachers, Students, Ministers,Doctors, Lawyers, Stenographers, andfor all who wish to Speak and WriteCorrect English Special .FeatureMonth; Your Every-Day Vocabulary;How to Enlarge it Sample Copy 10c.Subscription Price ?2 a Year.EVANSTON, ILLINOIS.,"Co-operators!"There are three parties to each ofyour telephone connections: you, theoperator, and the party you call.All three must co-operate to insurethe highest quality of service.YOU co-operate for good service'when you look in the book first andmake sure you caH the right number. 'THE OPERATOR co-operates bygiving you the desired connection quickly, accurately and courteously.THE PARTY GALLED co-oper-ates by answering his telephone bellpromptly.ALL CO-OPERATE for goodservice by speaking clearly and distinctly, and by practicing telephone courtesyunder all conditions.CUMBERLAND TELEPHONEAND TELEGRAPH COMPANYIncorporatedBOX 122, FRANKFORT. KY.LOST.On the streets of Paris between theresidence of Miss Anna Lyle, on Second street, and Misses Holladay's?store, on Main street, a ladies blueserge coat. Finder will rewarded byreturning same to Misses Holladay'sor at this office. (28-tf)Stoves Wanted.Will buy your second hand storas.jcoal or gas, cookers and heaters.?Must be in good condition. Cal1"SiHome Phone 360, or(sept-4) J. ELVOVB.- - , : ' . 'frttSv"4"4,'Li -t--.-74.1- fv v!''-!vTUESDAY, SEPTEMBER 11, 1917. . (THK BOURBON NEWS, PARIS, KVPAGE TBH9'VNBEITON IN KENTUCKY TO STUDYFOLK SOHGS.DRAFT EXEMPTIONS.Continued from Page 1.)The folk songs of old England arebeing tracked to their lair in the (454) 1379 Sam R. Ewalt, R. D. 5,mountain fastnesses of Kentucky byCecil S. Sharp, of London, England,who is enroute to Eastern Kentucky.Mr. Sharp has devoted his life to thestudy of folk songs and folk dancesand has made several trips to theUnited States in search of negro folksongs and those of the Southernmountains. This is, however, his firstvisit to Kentucky. Mr. Sharp will remain in Kentucky for several months.SpecialCut Prices!To close out ourentire stock ofChinawareGlassware andGranitewareBusyBeeCashStore"The Store For Daily Bargains"MflRGOLEN'SSPECIALSFor This WeekBeefPorkVealLambMflRGOLEN'SSanitary Meat MarketParis.(461) 750 George Prewitt Smith,Carlisle.(463) 1443 Hanson Burden, R. D." 6, Paris.(456) 19 Wm. Merrick, Pleasant Street, Paris.(468 4 Wm. M. Cooper, Paris,(469) 115 Rus"sell Moreland, Clifton Avenue, Paris.(470) 83 2 Arthur Hanson Blount,North Middletown.(471) 1180 Commodore Grinnell,Paris.(473) Robert R. McMillan, Houston, Avenue, Paris.(475) 136 Paul J. O'Connell, Clifton Avenue, Paris.(477) 430 Robert Daniel Taylor,Seventh Street, Paris.(480 96 Francis William King,Parrish Avenue. Paris.(481) 1519 Geo. B. Williams, R. D.7, Paris.i (482) 896 Claude- Mack, NorthI Middletown.(483) 1098 Joe Jackson, LocustJ Street, Paris.(4924 1508 Henry Shannon, R. D4, Paris.(494) 138 Jack Owsley, HarmonStreet, Paris.(495) 1199 Silas Emerson McKee,Paris.(502) 1326 James Ilinton, Paris.(503) 712 Thurman H inkle,Sharpsburg. s(505) 8 0 2 Samuel S. Mcintosh, R.D. 3 Paris(506) 1255 Kirby Smith Hunt, R.D. 6, Paris.(510) 237 Clyde W. Richards, 7Broadway, Paris.(512) 619 Nelson. Hurst Ham,Millersburg.(513) 3 058 John Bowen Stipp,Clintonville.( 515 ) 826 John May Allen, NorthMiddletown.(516) 442 Stanley Asbury, Lyles-ville, Paris.(517) 2213 Homer Bedford Taylor,(518) 202 William Stuart Chis-holm, Fithian Avenue,Paris.(523) 1248 Robert Hume Ferguson, R. D. 7, Paris.(524) 1174 Jos. Roy DeJarnett,Paris.(527) 593 Stanley Lee Breckinridge, R. D. 5, Paris.(529) 263 Jesse Cumber, HighStreet, Paris.(535) 768 Richard Everett Carr,R D 3 Paris(533) 138 0 Keller Faulkner, R. D.9, Cynthiana.(541) 581 Clarence A. Snapp, R.D 4 Paris.(542) 311 T. G. O'Neill, SixteenthStreet Paris(544) 124 Wm McCarthy, MainStreet, Paris.(545) 481 Wayne T. Lafferty,Fifteenth Street, Paris.(551) 1367 Albert Cameron, R. D.7, Cynthiana.(552) 829 James Carrol Bryan,Jr., R, D. 1, Paris.(553) 240 Joe B. Snapp, Lilleston(554) 1028 Virgil Harp Gaitskill,Austerlitz.(555) 49,9 Robert A. Rose, HighStreet, Paris.(659) 1013 Jack Clem, Escondida.(558) 1105 Clay Pruitt, R. D. 2,Paris.(559) 44 4 Wm. W. Anderson, Virginia Avenue, Paris.(566) 447 Charles W. Berry,Fourteenth Street.Paris.(567) 76 Sam F. Hellard, 'Nineteenth Street, Paris.(573) 393 Ollie Simpson Lewis,Seventh Street Paris.(575) 1306 Samuel Yazell, R. D.7, Paris.(576) 1513 Amos Turney, Jr., Paris.(577) 1048 Homer Jackson May-brier, R. D. 1, Hutchison. (579) 851 Noah Davis, R. D. 1,Paris. '- --. -I, "lilE EASIEST flBIM WBIixv iiUl 11 1 , IBB3&vvvvvBHB SElZNICK!BPI'cnjRE&$mma?s8a5Alamo Wednesday Afternoon and Paris Grand at Nieht.iLEXINGTONCREAMERY COINow buying your cream whereyou can see it tested, assuring youa square deal, and you get yourI cans and check in thirty minutes.i1Your Cream will give bettertests here than it will afterlong shipments. This youwill find after our tests.I3 are home people andspend our money here withyou, and believe in home industries. Let us test your cream andwe feel that you will be asatisfied customer. "Open From 5:30 A. M. Until 6:30 P. M.BROADWAY - fJMfjfcfft)(581) 1545 J: Bruce McDonald, R.D. 5, Paris.(585) 778 Bruce Elam, R. D. 3,Paris.(586) 1 Elihu Butler, Main St.,Paris.(587) 187 Everett Hanson West,Vine Street, Paris.(591) 1420 Wm. Newton Rose, R.D. 9, Cynthiana.(593) 3 6 John Broughton, Tenth(595) 1491 Earl Linville, R. D. 5,(596) 98 5 Chas. H. Woodward, R.D. 2 Paris.(600) 456 Arthur Chenault, - Sycamore Street, Paris.(601) 806 Everet(. Ritchie, R. D.4, Paris.(604) 617 Wm. Michael Ham, R.D, 3, Paris.'(606) 609 Thos. Farris, Millersburg.(608) 316 Coly R. Parrent, Six-teenth Street, Paris.(609) 274 Adam B. Davis, Tenth(409) 838 Charles Mark Boardman, North Middletown.THE ADAMS EXPRESSCO. WILLAID OUR BOYS ABROAD.PART OF MAIN STREET CONSUMED BY EIRE.The strange spectacle of a streeton fire was witnessed here the otherafternoon when.a puddle of fresh oilbecame ignited from a spark froma steam roller, which was workingnearby. The blaze spread rapidlyand more thanthe street might haveburned but for the quick work of thelaborers who stopped the spread bymeans of a sand wall. GeorgetownTimes.. jj 2 tejKENTUCKY'S GREAT TROTS TOBEGIN OCTOBER 1.For the benefit of our soldiers andsailors who are now within the wararea abroad and many more that willfollow, Mr. C. E. Colliver, agent ofthe local cffice of the Adams ExpressCompany, gave out the following information this morning:The attention of relatives andfriends of those at the front, as wellas that of the men in all branchesof the governmental service who maysoon be on their way, should becalled to the foreign" service of theAdams Express Company, and thefact, that it is at their disposal inthe forwarding of parcels abroad atthe lowest possible rates, as well asremittances by Travelers' Checks andMoney Orders.The Adams Express Company maintains for the convenience of its patrons, reading and writing rooms, andbueraus for the purchase of railroadand steamship tickets, as well as forthe furnishing of general information, at its exclusive offices located asfollows:Paris, France, 28 Rue du Septembre (Place de I'Opera.)London, S. W. England, 25 Cockspur "Street, Charing Cross (Trafalgar Square.)London, E. C. England, 76 Newgate street.Liverpool, England, 21 WaterStreet.Bordeaux, France, 12 Place desQuinconces and 2 Rue d'Enghlen.Rotterdam, Holland, 6 Wijde,Nieusteeg.Manchester, England, 9 MountStreet.Letters and telegrams for relativesor friends may be addressed in care ofany of these offices and will be forwarded or held according to the patron's instructions.1 pa a ISANIMAL SURGERY.Monday, October 1, is the openingday of Kentucky's Great Trots atLexington and four races are on thecard, amongst them the Walnut HallCup ?3,000, and the Futurity for 2-year-oldswith a guaranteed value of$5,000. Both promise to be bittercontests, especially that for the Cup,in which Ima Jay 2:05, Early Dreams2:04, Busy's Lassie 2:04, TheWoodman 2:06 Mignola 2:05and Peter Chenault 2:07 are almost certain to come together. It IsPhon d' AmourThe Phonograph with the Soul of the ViolinsConstruction of violin-woodat the tone-forming points, patented,and found in Phon d Amour alone,gives a sweetness and purity of tonethat is distinctive of Phon cT Amourthe Phonograph with the Soul of the Violin.The Diaphragm in Phon d' AmourIt is patented, and can be used in no otherinstrument.It is made of violin-wood. It is thoroughlyseasoned it cannot warp.It is fashioned by skilled workers it is madeentirely by hand.Every Diaphragm 13 rigidlytested any one not coming up tothe high standard set by Mr.Fritzsch is rejected.The Result?. - ouau wucti yuu wuum expect: atone never narsn or metallic andsweetness and resonance tonemellow as violin-wood construction can make it.Phon d 'Amouris the Phonograph for your home.Plays all Records.The Fritzsch Phonograph Company228-23Q W. Seventh St. Cincinnati, O.Phon d'Amour is not an"assembled" Phonograph.WMimWWWmmum fMSms. 17fi4smm IWMMraHBPRMTrade-Mark. Copyright 1917 byThe Fritzsch Phonograph Company1MUNITIONS PLANTS WILLHARD HIT BY DBAPT.BEBridgeport, Conn., factories,, manyof them busy on munitions of warmaterial work, will Jose an average ofa great card and the railorads will ZX t;: Ui "" "" wvu.poll tiolrntc to T.Avinnn at rorfunorf by the draft according tO a CenSUSJjy the State Council of Defense.Some of the most important factoriesit was stated, will lose as high s 50per cent, of the men, while the lowestpercentage is six.Hundreds of appeals from the draftsell tickets to Lexington at reducedrates.TBI ?Sl aSuccess in any enterprise Consistslargely in knowing when to quit.When a man is in love for the firsttime he thinks he invented it.on industrial grounds have been carried to the district appeal board, butso far only one full exemption ,haabeen made. In about three quartersof cases the appeals were deniedBlessings may come disguised, but1the wolf at the door is never masquerading.Of course women are changeableIt doesn't take the divorce courts toprove that.HHItttHfH'''HiWiMI HfrM'tH I II I IfS .DIPT.L "'' I f W IFor Dry Goods, Dress Goods, Silks, Shirt Waists, Ladies' and Misses' Ready-to-Wear Garments, Millinery, EtcNew, StylishFalliJUST f ARRIVED !SEE THEM!HATSc' y50cNew Goods 1ARRIVING DAILYStart Your Girl'sSchool ClothesNow. Come and inspect our stock.We Sell Ladies9 Home Journal Patterns. 10-15c; None Higher.The great advances in medical science which marked the present warhave been equalled in the veterinaryfield. Losses among wounded horsesand mules have been cut "down toone-fifth of what they were in previous wars. This is the first war inwhich the veterinary branch has hada separate and autonomous organization. In each of the great armiesit has its own ambulances for wounded horses and mules, some of themmotor-driven, others horse-drawn.With the Allied forces on the western front there are sixteen hospitalsfor wounded horses, completely equip-ped and divided into wards. Herelthree-fourths of the wounded animalsare cured and the remainder painlessly killed.1 te iiness on that day.h w m mI"l"I'i"l"l"frlM'MI"M''IEVEN TOBACCO "ELYINGS" NOWBEING PURCHASED.To show the value of everythingwhich can justly be called tobaccothis year, jltjs reported JJiat severallocal buyers are offerinFto buy the-dry leaves and 'flyings," which haveiallen from jtobacco stalks In thepatches. THeretofore the .value of these wasfeo small Jtbat they were not considered worth 'gathering up, but thisseason the farmers' boys or the men.:themaelye, vioi1" that. anAtter;- ca$mti&'mt wafeesbraSWgth-waste tobacco and bringing it totFINALGUTPRICESON ALL SUMMER GOODSWe Have About 30 GENUINE Palm Beach StiltsAlmost Svery size in the lot. Values up to $10:00. Take your pick.i! I 'I i . .'1J ft ' ' r r ! ' ' fVvj; '. k n ii;i; ' irons&' "5njrii' .iu t J.ffHAbout 20 Pongee Suits (Mostly Large Sizes)r mjff 'HOj. o-"!j ...&9k MuWfi tUWft'taVTfe- J jfr teiSVMIV -flti0iUULt 0 ' vpi; l .i1 .,11l ft -"1 5 4 -. - ."'"''.( t : . , fi iiI ;ii'M'lIKJ !3'OirjocvioUnrestricted choice Men's StrawjHai'.'ttO." 'Wc&Sfiirts.l . . .:. . .y. .,..;. . 50cts.All Genuine Panamas .'- r- .$275 .OddfTPaimBech Coats' " Get Odr Prices on Articles Not Mentioned Above.l . . ...AI -toO0 DMk,0ulivinL;Li- t ,19 MafiTStMf .-Paris. Kv(AiittWA. " -w - fttf JiTMrfiijlal.'j-or;vXxw m t m -". .nn0'rittnT sxVmmmmmmBmmmmmmmmmm0mmmmimm(ii573eceW35ffJG!aKiMp., V aUU W f ' JJ r7rJfli4 J11 WJiJ"-JJTV V'?-$ tit. o.''.-fc:&-itAGK F013KTHE BOURBON NEWS, PARIS, KY.TUESDAY, SEPTKMBBJt 01, HITmmMjmnHTf irii- .The Bouf bon NewsEstablished 188136 Years of Contlnlont Publication.TEACHERS' INSTITUTE CLOSES.published Every Tuesday and Friday.Pr Year. ..$2.00 Six Months... $1.00Payable in Advance.tWIFT CHAMP, Editor and Owner,(Entered at the Paris, Kentucky,Postoffice as Mail Matter of theSecond Class.)The Bourbon County Teachers' Institute, which had been in session in; this city for nYe days, closed at noonFriday with as" excellent program.Miss Dalton, of Lexington, and Prof.R. H. Ellett, of Millersbuijg and Clintonville, conducted the institute, andmade most excellent leaders. Theydiscussed with the teachers manysubjects of vital interest to the ruralschools. They are both teachers oflong and varied experience, and theirpractical talks and suggestions werevery helpful to all who had the privilege of attending the meetings of theInstitute. At the morning sessionMr. Z. L. Wilcox, Secretary of theBourbon County Y. M. C. A., waspresent and made an interesting talkto the teachers. All the countyschools opened yesterday.Just before the Institute closed thefollowing resolution was presentedand adopted by a unanimous vote:"Whereas, The eight years of service of Miss Mabel Robbins, Superintendent of the Bourbon countyschools, will end with the presentyear."We, the teachers assembled in theCounty Institute, desire to expressour appreciation of her many kindnesses to the teachers, to bear testimony to her excellent administra-The weather forecast as sent out!tlon or tne omce ana t0 extend tofcy the Weather Bureau at Washing-1 her our nearty wishes for her useton, indicates a period of slightly j fulness and success in the fields of edcooler weather for TCentup.kv. TVnru. UCation. "rf ,LEXINGTON RACE MEET BEGINSTO-MORROW.Jjyv sck. aIKHftwHBHvfcw$w-t.THE WEATHER.essee and Indiana, with increasingcoludiness for to-day. The remainder of the week will be uncertain.The past two or three days havewitnessed a remarkable combinatioAof wind, rain, lightning and thunder. On Friday night showers werefollowed by a vivid display of lightning. The local picture houses werein darkness for thirty minutes caused by the electrical storm disturbingthe high tension service of the localelectric light plant... The street lights and lights instores and residences were put outof commission. No damage was doneIn the city or county by the stormso far as ascertained.Early Saturday morning one ofthe heaviest rains of the present season fell for nearly two hours, do-. . ,.IJ3..1.1 J - t J IB iueiaui aamage, neating The tnird annual convention of thedown flowers -and vegetation, wash- Sixtll District Christian Endeavortag gardens and overflowing small un will be heid in Cynthiana, Ocstreams. vkQt. 10 on 01 rm, Aid-composed of the counties of Anderson,j Bourbon, Franklin, Harrison, Fayette,, Scott and Woodford. This Js"(Signed.)"MARTHA VILEY, Chairman,"R. H. ELLETT,"NANNIE CLARKE,"MRS. ROBERT BELL."IS S3 B3TO TAX PAYERSTax receipts of thecity for 1917 are nowin the hands of CityCollector ClarenceThomas, at the Peoples Deposit Bank.Call and pay themnow.J.T; HINTOIN,(auglO-tf) Mayor.) l iCHRISTIAN ENDEAVOR UNIONWILL MEET AT CYtiTHIANA.to to toBOOKS FOR THE SOLDIERS.jMiss Imogene Redmon, librarian one of tne most important of severalof the Paris Public Library, has been district conventions held in the Statedesignated as the Bourbon county during the year and is always wellrepresentative of the Kentucky Li- attended. vbrary War Council, organized for to to tothe purpose of supplying books, pa- RIG? PRICE PAID TOR TOBACCOpers and magazines to the Kentucky . PER ACRE. -troops in the various mobilization!camps, and when they are "some-1 Mr. Catesby Woodford, of Bourbon.where in France." I county, disposed of his fourteen-acreThe plan of organization for each crop of tobacco Friday to a Mt. Ster'county calls for a director and ten' ling buyer at the record price of $2 50leading citizens of the communitay ! per acre, cash down, less' six pernamed by the County Director, as 'cent, interest for six months. Thisthe County Library War Council. It ! is said to be the highest price yetIs the duty of this Council to conduct ( paid for tobacco by the acre.the campaign to raise funds for theTo-morrow will be the openingday of the fall meeting of the Lexington races. A bigger, better fallmeeting is predicted this year thanever before by the officials of theKentucky Association. The reason.mainly, is the Breeders' Futurity,which for the first time this yearwill be run in the fall meeting. Theshift of the classic for two-year-oldsmeans the addition of one of thegreatest races of the year to the fallmeeting. The fall meeting program,always chucked full of good races,has been exceedingly livened by theaddition of the big juvenile races,which will be presented in its eighthrenewal this year.No vacant space at all, is thestatement of Track SuperintendentJames P. Ross.The announcement of the officialsfor the meeting has been made, andassures fair play and good handlingof the fall races. Following are thetrack officials: T. J. Clay, steward;W. H. Shelley, racing secretary; H.Morrissey, starter; S. K. Hughes,timer; J. S. Wallace, entry clerk andassistant secretary; James P. Ross,track superintendent; James T.Shannon, paddock judge, and PeterWimmer, patrol judge.John B. McLaughlin, supervisor ofthe -pari-mutuals, by appointment 'ofthe State Racing Commission, remained in Lexington all summer andis ready with the betting machines.tsi to toGET IN THE. PROCESSION.Your neighbor has some BourbonOil stock. Have you? Now sellingat 50 cents per share.to to toANNUAL AUTUMN DANCE.Mr. John M. Stuart, who hasmade quite a record as a successfuldance promotor, has another one ontap, and will come to the front withit on next Thursday night, at theMasonic Temple, in this city.The Annual Autumn Dance willbe given on that night, the hoursbeing from nine to three. Musicfor the occasion will be furnishedby Garr's Saxophone Trio. Postcard invitations have been issuedannouncing that owing to the failure of the music at the last dancethe home boys will be charged $1.00,but no admission will be cheargedvisitors.fri to s 'GREAT HORSES OP THE YEAR.purpose of purchasing books, papersand magazines. The assessment istwe per cent, of the population according to the 1910 census. Theplan is to ask each person in theorganization to subscribe ?1.00 ormore. The members of the Councileach in turn are to ask ten otherpersons each to subscribe $1.00 ormore, and they each in turn to getsubscribers of $1.00 from residentsof the county to assist in making upthe assessment. The organizationshould include every city, town andvillage In the county. This chainplan of personal solicitation shouldmake it easy to raise the smallamount called for.RUTH LAW ENGAGED FORMIGHTS AT STATE PAIR.To the Editor of THE BOURBONNEWS:"LOUISVILLE, KY., Sept. 10."Please announce that Ruth Law,the flying wonder of the world, hasjust been secured by special' engagement to fly at the Kentucky StateFair, Tuesday and Wednesday, September 11 and 12, at 2 o'clock and 5o'clock p. m. Ruth Law has world'srecords. She flies for the Government and works for the Red Cross.She is paid a thousand dollars a day."KENTUCKY STATE FAIR,"Fount T. Kremer, Secretary.Wait For This Public SaleThe undersigned will offer at public sale the latter part of thismonth the entire real estate holdings of the late Mr. GeorgeVarden.We believe it would be to the interest of any parties contemplating the purchase of either a home or investment property towait for this sale.SECURITY TRUST COMPANYAdministrator George VardenAdministrator's Sale!Wednesday, September 20, 1917AT 2 O'CLOCK P. M.As administrator of the estate of the late H. Margolen, deceased, Iwill sell on the above date, a business house on Main Sstreet, cottage onHenderson Street, and 40 acres of land.No. 1. Business house, situated on West side of Main Street, between Sixth and Seventh Streets, contains two store rooms on first floor,35x66 ft., which rents for $50.00 per month each, and large store roomover entire building, which could easily be concerted .into two nice fiats.No. 2. Two-story frame residence on Henderson Street, bath, electriclight and gas. One large stock barn. Lot 60x150 feet. This is a jmodern,up-to-date home, convenient down town and a desirable neighborhood.No. 3. Contains 40 acres of land, one mile from city limits on FordsMill pike. Just opposite packing house.. Improvements consist of fourroom cottage, all necessary out-buildings in splendid repair, new fiveacre tobacco barn, slaughter house, under good .fencing and plenty ofwater. All good land. "Sale of ahove named property will be held in front of business hous3cm Main street and must be sold to settle estate.TERMS One-third cash, balance in one and two years, with Interest.at the rate of per cent.GUS MARGOLEN, Administrator.Tor furtaer particulars call on Harris & Speaker. .(11-14-1S) .Every great trotter of the year hasbeen entered for Kentucky's GreatTrots at Lexington, and the battlewill be worth going hundreds ofmiles to see. Already the sportingpress is making predictions as to thewinners of the Kentucky Futurityand The Transylvania, for in the former The Real Lady 2.0414, Miss Bertha Dillon 2:0511, Harvest . Gale2:054, Emma Magowan 2:071,Taclta 2:07, Worthy Volo 2:0914,Bertha McGuire 2: 09 14 and Leonard2:07V2 are to meet one another andseveral other great 3-year-olds withslower records, and The Transylvania, with nineteen eligible to start,looks like the best all-age race evertrotted.to 5 EaB-4 PIREInsure withW.O.HINTON &SON,AgtsE3 to toFIRE DESTROYS TOBACCO BARNAND CONTENTS.Fire of unknown origin whichbroke out in the big tobacco barn onthe farm of Mr. W. D. Drake, fourmiles out on the Frankfort pike, nearLexington, Friday, caused a damageof $4,000. Fifteen acres of tobaccoand twenty tons of oats in the building were also destroyed by the flames.A big stock barn nearby was savedthrough the efforts of the fire-fightingbrigade from the E. R. Bradleyfarm. Insurance of $750 was carriedon the building and its contents.?E3 fe .Fire, Wind and LightningInsurance.Thomas, Woodford & Bryan.to to HiFALSE EIRE 'ALARM.The fire department was. called outabout eleven o'clock Sunday night byan alarm from Box 33, at Main andFifteenth streets. Upon reaching thevicinity of the box no evidence of fireanywhere was discovered. The firemen investigated, but returned without discovering any clue to the partywho turned in the false alarm.to to to .LIGHTNING DESTROYS IRVING-TON CHURCH. ,The First Baptist church, at Irvington, Ky., was struck by lightningana destroyed by fire Saturday night.The building was frame, to which additions costing $1,200 has been madeduring the past year, and was partlyinsured. Work of an amateur bucketbrigade saved the homes of Joe TomMattingly and G. T. Marshall adjoining the church on either side.-When we patchup a quarrel wejbegin to mend our ways.4flhl4'4i''t'i4tllli'lmitH 1 1 1 fBefore being treated like one offthe family, the average man wantsto know all about tne iamny.to ISThe people who say they believeonly half they hear may even mattersup by hearing twice ss much as otherpeople.Seed Rye For Sale.Five hundred bushels of excellentseed rye.JAS. H, THOMPSON,Station 44 Interurban Line.(ll-3t) Paris, Ky.LOST.Bumper rail to an auto at junction of North Middletown and Maysville pike, Sunday afternoon. Hasbeen welded about eighteen inchesfrom one end. Finder please returntoJ. HAL WpODFORD.LOST.Between the L. & N. crossing atTenth street and Ahern & Burton'srestarurant a pair of gold rimmed,s(pectcles in leather case. Reward willbe paid for their return either to thi3office or to Ahern & Burton's restaurant.THE PAIRFriday Only.Black Velvet Ribbonall widths, per yard 1 OcHenderson's Felt Rugsfrom 75c upLarge Size GraniteStew Kettleseach49cFRANK & CO.The Reliable StoreANNOUNCETHEY ARE NOW SHOWINGyThe Latest ModesINFall and WinterReady-to-Wear GarmentsFor Ladies, Misses and ChildrenSerge and Satin DressesSuits For Ladies and MissesCoats For Ladies, Misses and ChildrenSkirts of All KindsCrepe and Georgette WaistsFOR SCHOOL GIRLSSEEJACK TAR MIDDIESNEW GINGHAM DRESSESPRICES REASONABLECOME IN AND SEEWall Paper at Reduced Price toMake Room for Other Goods.THE FAIRFRANK CBt, CO.M"I !' 1 1 1 1M"M 1 H ll'H HHWIl I j 1 11 'HI II If H 1 1NEW STYLESIN CLOTHESFor Men and Young Men!to mLAND SOLD.Mr. Harry Mitchell .purchased ofMrs. John Tarr, four acres of land inI the rear of her residence on Cypressstreet, running back to Houstoncreek. The land adjoins the WetheralL property recently 'mirchased brI Mr. MitchellTake advantageof opportunities,!Our new styles in Clothes for Men and Young Men forFall are now here and we are ready to display andshow them with pride.They are from leading makers and they are the last word in styles, fabricsand workmanship. Foremost among the new arrivals are the belt-around and thebelted and pinch-backs also new conservative styles.New stripes and fancy effects are shown in browns and greys, plain blues andgreens. Choice fabrics to choose from in Scotches, Cashmeres, Flannels and Worsteds. We maintain our standard in giving the best values in town for the leastmoney.".,. -. ' $12.50 to $30 ' -Hats Tor FallHats that are alive with latest styles now on display. New color effects ingreens, greys, browns and blues are to be found here in newest shapes. ,We arealso displaying the new Clipped and Undipped Beaver Hats in new styleT andcolors. Leading makeiy back up the style and quality of our hats.$2.OO to $7.50fR. P. WALSHMMain and Seventh ONE-PRICE STORE Home Phone 448Tut don't be one.XL"""' r"""-" ; - WWWWWWWW9WW99W1WmQHpQQ0QlQ0f(TS --s'' i JrTUESDAY, SEPTEMBER 11, 1917.THE BOURBON NEWS, PARIS, KY.FOR THE BESTNOTHING ELSETHE BEST SCHOOL SHOES.For reliable school shoes, go toFeld's Shoe Store. (11-ft)Pa fe miPEACHES FOE PRESERVINGWe are receiving them every day.(It)' C. P. COOK & CO.SOCIAL AND PERSONAL.Comingsand Goings of OurPeople Here, There andElsewhere. .AUTO LICENSE ISSUED.Among the licenses issued at Frankfort last week by Commissioner ofMotor Vehicles Byars was one to Mr.J. W- Stewart, of Paris, for a Chevrolet machine, which will bear thenumber 39011.Es Ea 3STATED CONVOCATION.A stated convocation of ParisChapter No. 15, R. A. M., will beheld at the Masonic Temple, on Tuesday night, Sept. 11, at eight o'clock.Election of officers and other important business. A full attendance isdesired.Ea ?a 'CHIROPRACTORS MEET HERE.The officers and directors of theKentucky Association of Chiropractors will hold a business session inthis city at the office of Dr. S. P.Mohney, local chiropractor, in theMasonic -.Temple, beginning Fridaymorning at ten o'clock. They willtake up all business left unfinished at their Maysville meeting lastspring and such other matters aspertain to the future progression oftheir science.Pa ?a P3MAY BE LAST CHANCEThis may be your last chance tobuy Bourbon Oil stock at 50 cent?per share.isa a TQFORGETS NAME OF HANCEE.-A middle-aged man presented himself to the County Clerk at Carlisle,Friday, and asked for a marriagelicense. All went well until the clerkasked the prospective groom thename of the bride-to-be. Then therecame a halt. He did not know hername, and he had to leave the courthouse to find out. Finally he returned with the name, the license wasissued and the marriage took place.It was the groom's second marriage.IS ISi TSiFALL HATS.Many new styles, colors and shapesfrom John. B. Stetson. If your fallhat comes from Davis it is right.J. W. DAVIS & CO.Mr. Harry Baldwin is in Westj Virginia on a business trip this week,j Miss Edna Huffman, of Covington, is visiting friends and relativesin this city.Mr. Ernest Law, of New YorkCity, is the guest of his sister, Mrs.T. D. Conner.Miss Charlotte Henry will matriculate as a student at GeorgetownCollege to-day.Mrs. R. L. Wilson has returnedfrom a visit to friends and relativesin Winchester.Mr. D. W. Peed left this weekfor a three-weeks' business trip toGreenville, N. C.Mrs. M. O. Upton, of Paris, is attending the Kentucky State Fair atLouisville, this week.Miss Virginia Cook has returnedfrom a month's visit to her aunt, Mrs.Robert Carter, at Petersburg.Miss Mattie McClure, of Shawhan, left Friday for Midway, whereshe will enter the Midway OrphanSchool as a student.Miss Annie Laurie Page, guest ofMiss Gertrude Slicer, on South Mainstreet, returned to her home in Montgomery, Alabama, Friday.Mr. Noah Spears, of Akron, Ohio,has arrived for a vacation visit to hismother, Mrs. Henry Spears, and hissister, Mrs. Eddie Spears Hinton.Mr. Frank Lenihan, who hasbeen seriously ill at St. Joseph's Hospital, in Lexington, suffering fromthe effects of blood poisoning, is improving. Misses Martha and Cora Stevenson, of the Clintonville vicinity, andMiss Mary Allie Parri&h, of Paris, arespending the week at OlympianSprings.Miss Mary Belle Dunnington,bookkeeper for C. P. Cook & Co.,who was operated on at the MassieMemorial Hospital last week for appendicitis, is improving.Mrs. L. ?. Purnell left yesterdayfor St. Matthews, where she will visither sisters, Mrs. Lee Barbour andMiss Mabel Hill. She will attend theKentucky State Fair at Louisville.Mr. Robert Rose and NorbertFriedman, son of Mr. B. Friedman,recently underwent operations at theMassie Memorial Hospital for the removal of adenoids and enlarged tonsils. . Miss Charlotte Lowe has returned to her home in Winchester, aftera visit to friends in Paris. She wasaccompanied home by Mrs. Joe Hart,if Paris, who will be her guest thisweek.Mrs. W. L. Davis, formerly ofParis, will arrive to-day from herhome at Columbia, S. C, for a visit toher sister, Mrs. John T. Hinton, andMayor Hinton, at their home on Highstreet.Miss Katherine Kenney, formerly of Paris, who has been residing in Covington for several years,will be associated this year with MissMaggie Rodgers, in the latter's millinery parlors in Georgetown.Miss Mary Christie, of Rossville,Ills., arrived Saturday to make herhome with her aunt, Mrs. John King.rvn Hisrn street. iyiiss vjiiristie winenter Transylvania College this weekINSURANCE MAN TRANSFERRED. where she Will attend school for theMr. Napoleon B. Hedges, who hasbeen the Winchester representative ofthe American Life and Accident Insurance Co., for some time, has beentransferred to Paris, where he willassume charge of the Company's business at this place.Mr. Hedges will succeed Mr. G. M.Parham, who has been the Parisagent for three years, and who hasbeen promoted to the position of trav-ters in Louisville.te fe Bs'? HEATING STOVESHeating stoves of every variety.Pick yours out and have it put upduring our Big September. Sale.(It) A. F. WHEELER & CO.s 1 feCOOLER.Light-weight fall overcoats in thenew French models that are right instyle, price and quality.j. W. DAVIS & CO.la is isLET'S ALL RETURN THANKS FORTHIS!Dispatches from New York to thedaily papers and the leading automobile trade journals bear this cheerfuland blessed information:"Because muffler- cut-outs on autonhiioc liATO Tin mechanical valueand add merely another unnecessarynoise to American life, the NationalAutomobile Chamber of Commerce.harecommended their elimination fromall cars built in this country afterJanuary 1, 1918, it was announcedhere recently. Nearly half the 110automobile makers in the Chamberdo not fit muffler cut-outs on theirpresent cars."AUTOS FIGURE IN TWO COLUS-ciors.next several years.Mrs.. Mary Hogankamp anddaughter, Miss Daisy Hogankamp,who have been guests of the former'ssister, Miss Abbie O'Neill, have returned to their home in Cromwell,Iowa, accompanied by Miss O'Neil,who will make them a visit.Mr. and Mrs. Harry Saloshin motored from Cincinnati, Sunday, andspent the day here as guests of relatives. They left yesterday on a motor trip to Louisville and vicinity,ten days asMisses Carloyn RosebCrry, ElizabethEmbry and Nancy Griffith.Mr. and Mrs. Hugh Montgomeryare guests of friends and relatives inCincinnati.Mr. Frederick A. Wallis has returned to Paris, after a business tripto New York., Mrs. J. E. Soper, of Lexington,is a guest of her mother, Mrs. J. H.uampbell, near Paris.Miss Katherine Mahoney, guestof Mrs. Martin Doyle, has returnedto her home in Lexington.Mrs. W. F. Cheatham has- returned to her home in Carlisle aftera visit to relatives in Paris.Mr. Landen Templin has returned from a visijt to relatives in Pensacola, Fla., and in New Orleans.Mrs. Logan Bryan, of North Middletown, is a guest of her parents, Dr.and Mrs. A. B. Coons, in Georgetown.Mrs. Henry Grosche is in Detroit,Mich., where she was called last weekby the illness of her father, Mr. S. S.Brown.Mrs. Fred Weckesser has returned from an extended visit to hermother, Mrs. V. E. Pomeroy, in Elizabeth, W. Va. m tMrs. Charles Clendenin has returned to her home in Eminence aftera visit to friends and relatives in thiscity and county.Mr. Fred Merrimee, who will beat the Lexington race meet this week,was a guest of friends in this citySunday and yesterday.Miss Mary Bradley remains seriously ill with typhoid fever at thehome of her parents, Mr. and Mrs.James Bradley, on Higgins Avenue.Mrs. William R. Swearengen andchildren, Eleanor and George, whohave been spending a portion of thesummer in Paris with her father, Mr.George R. Davis, returned to Chicago,Saturday.Mrs. Carolyn Roseberry was hostess Saturday afternoon at her homenear Paris to "The Snippers," thechildren's auxiliary of the Red Crosssewing organization. Games wereplayed and refreshments served.Mrs. J. H. Campbell, accompanied by her granddaughter, Mrs.Wm.Hudson, left yesterday for a visit toher son, Lieut. Hugh Campbell, atCamp Taylor, near Louisville, atLieut. Campbell is now stationed intliev Quartermaster's department atthe camp.Mr. George Glenn, who recentlyunderwent an operation for appendictiis at the Massie Memorial Hospital, has recovered sufficiently toenable him to be removed to hishome near Paris. Mr. Herman Barlow, who was also recently operated on at the same institution, is improving. Among the recently-admittedpatients to the Hospital, isMiss Maude"Parker, of Paris, who issuffering with an attack of typhoidfever. Mrs. W. G. Talbott, of nearParis, is taking the rest cure at theHopital.(Other Personals on Page 8.)JBj m toPARISIAN DRILLING ROOKIES.A recent issue of the LouisvilleCourier-Journal printed a series ofsnap shot pictures taken at CampTaylor by its staff photographer. Inone of them appears a view of Lieut..Colliver C. Dawes, former secretaryof the Bourbon County Y. M. C. A.,drilling a large detachment of"rookies" from the Jeffereson county recruits. Lieut. Dawes is rated asa capable instructor, having had alarge experience in military affairs.si-in- vr,.-ofaiTr witii nenriniiar- - wnere tney win sueuuC"U6 iCUlW5UMViIV ,.v -a. - - jj. xt,guests oi irienuB auu wn wn iuc. In a collision which occurred between autos diven by Dr. J. A.Orr, of"aris, and Mr. Edward Burris, of Little Rock, on Cypress street Friday,both machines' were considerablydamaged. Mr. Burris received aslight cut on the face. The Orr machine had a broken fender, and radiator hood and a front axle bent.-Mr. BurrI8, auto had the radiatordamaged in the mix-up. Dr. Orr wasdriving south on Cypress street andMr. Burris going .north, when one ofthe machines swerved, causing .thecrash.Kentucky State Fair.Mr. and Mrs. W. A. Burris, whorecently returned from Texas, andwho are now residents of Paris, andMr. and Mrs. Snell Moore, of Lexington, are guests this .week of Mr. andMrs. J. W. Doty and -Miss KittleEwalt, near Shawhan.Postcard invitations have beenissued as follows: "Opening Dance ofthe college year with 'Smith's Saxophone Orchestra, Friday evening,September 14, 1917, Phoenix Hotel,Lexington, Ky. Hours 9:00 to 3:00.Subscription ?1.00. W. P. Walton,Jr."Following a successful operationfor removal of adenoids and enlargedtonsils, Claiborne Lisle, son of Mr.and Mrs. D. ,C. Lisle, of near Paris,is at the home of Mr. and Mrs. WhiteVarden, on Vine street, where he ismimoratinjr Mr. Lisle is a brotherof Mrs. Varden. The operation wasperformed at the Massie MemorialHospital.Numerous social functions arebeing arranged for this week in honorof Mrs.Fielding Gordon of Nashville,Tenn., who, as Miss Ruth Morgan, reQiriAd in Paris many years. Mrs. Gordon is the guest of Miss Belle Horton. jShe and her parents, Kev. ana ivirs.narev E. Morgan, have been spending1 the summer in Michigan. Miss Horton will entertain for Mrs. vioraon,Friday evening.Mrs. Thompson Tarr was hostessat her home near Paris, Sunday, tothe following guests, who were members of a party with which she madea trip to California last summer:Miss Jane Edwards, of Versailles;Miss Lyle Booker, Miss. Clendenin and niece, of Eminence; MissesKatie and Elizabeth Gay, Mrs. LenaMildred and son Harry Miiward, andMrs. Headley Shouse, all of Lxing---Mrs. James L. Dodge entertainedwith a bridge party last week at herhome on the North Middletown pike.a nrmninsion of the games theprize for the highest, score was awarded to Mrs. Victor Dodge, of, Lexington. An elaborate luncheon was Served the guests, who were Mrs. John F.Davis, Mrs. O. T. Hinton, Mrs. Lewisand Her guest, Airs, trueiuc-TAKE AKODAK!j inI ADVANCEFALL APPARELSuitsWaistsMillineryNOW DISPLAYING A COMPLETE LINE OF THENEWEST FALL HATSIn smartest styles of Silk Plush, Velour,Zibeline Plush and Velvet.Autumn SuitsIn Velour, Broadcloth, Burillaand Poplins, displaying the ,smartest of style features. Most moderately priced$20.00 to $75.00Autumn Coats -'.'Plush, Silk Velour, Burilla and Broadcloth, in the fashionlatest decree as to style and color$10.00 to $75.00Autumn DressesIn Serges and Silks. The styles are most charming inmany new colors and materials; moderate in price. Theyare the leading garments of the season$5.00 to $40.00Autumn WaistsIn Georgette, Crepe de' Chene, Plain and Fancy Styles.Displaying the newest styls features$2.98 to $15.00- A,SUMMER WASH SKIRTS SPECIAL!Smart, Pretty Styles in Fancy Materials, Prices from $5.00 to $12.50,AT HALF PRICE !HARRY SIMONOne Price To AllSnapshots of various summersports will add immensely to thefun fishing, swimming, etc.But be sure its a KODAK-"If it isn't an Eastman- it isn't a Kodak"Kodaks $5.00 upBrownie Cameras $1.00 upNOW COMESTHE TIME OF YEAR TO PUTAWAY SUMMER CLOTHES!-We Have Just Received Some BeautifulCEDAR CHESTSAlso a Full LineSporting Goodsof. . . i. 'I'otrirkTFriday night an auto standing in, - fr rrnd and her eruest.front of the P. M. Heller meat mar- Jg HaVper, Mrs. William Ardery,Wt on Mairt street; was run into by H Waiter Kenney, Mrs. Will Wor--Tiotwr machlme. fcoth-heing slightly. ,, rr Edward Prichard, Mrs.-Swimming Suits 75c to $5.00Water Wings. ...35cBathing Caps 35cDaughertyBros.Paris, Kentucky-"-ANDMATTING BOXESWe are also showing a very complete line ofRUGSAt the Lowest Prices.THEJ.T.HINT0NC0;MOTOR HEARSEMOTOR INVALID COACH"EITHERPHONE" 36SIXTH" AND MAINfr". -UNDERTAKING' ? r-yiTA ''damagk. - ' ' T.w Powell BoWorth, Mrs. White Varden,-- V ,VJtLA'&&y a:-- jJ.wflV,.J " I "THE BOURBON NEWSjPARIS, KYif-rTUESDAY, SEPTEMBER il,itl7v'J-i:IIWMjrKIVKINo. 3A Motor Launch Raidon the Belgian CoastByA SEA SLUG,British Service Name For Crewsof Submarine Chasers.Copyright, 1917. by the Bell Syndicate, Inc.8"335" '..-'--PROLOGUE.The author of this scries of four articles is a young American, whojias spentmost of his time since the war startedVUK the British patrol fleet, taking 'animportant part in helping to organizethat branch of the service known asthTSealugs ZJl.JZ&e Jum Accumulated a remarkable'iK&Wbtloii of anecdotes incident to thisexciting "branch of the service, andmany of these -were , personal adventures in which he took part and whichmake one of the stirring narratives tocome out of the war. He recently returned .to the United States to assistthe American navy in organizing the$ame branch of the service and should"be of great value because of his experience abroad. So far as known, he is theonly American to serve with the Britishpatrol prior to the advent of the UnitedStates destroyer flotilla in British waters. Of course some of his experiences,of military value to the enemy, cannot"be related. At the request of the servicepublication of his name is withheld.IT is better that I do not mention thename of the Sea Slug Tvho conceived the idea of a motor launchraid on the coast of Belgium that partof the coast held by Germany, bor-Thcr It N Moon. W Dash AlongFull Speed Ahead.dered by a maze of mines, girt by amoving belt of gunboats and patrolcraft and freckled with a series oflajfd batteries which make the expertsay it would be mathematically impossible to smash into the naval basesfrom the sea side.The British government prefers tokeep his name secret for the present,fo it woiild not be policy for me todivulge it When he put the idea upto the commander of the base he saidright away:"I don't want to lose more than sixboats. If you can get six crews toYolunteer for the service go ahead. Iwon't order anybody on a raid likethat"Six times six crews volunteered, butoily six were allowed to go. Wechug-chugged out of Dover just beforesundown, every man with a lifebelt'strapped under his shoulders, petroltanks "filled to the last drop, ammunition in every available space and everymotor thoroughly inspected down tothe last screw.We were thinking only of what atime we were going to give the Boches.The boys that wigwagged "Goodby" tons believed they had seen us for thelast time, but wished they were withus Just the same. Straight for a certain selected spot on the Belgian coastWe laid our course, and when nightfell we couldn't even see our ownboats. There wasn't so much as a pinloint of light showing on any of thecraft Every one wore dark uniforms,and every once in awhile when we'dcrowd on a little more speed thereWould suddenly loom up right aheadthe dark hull of the boat we were following and we'd almost be aboard her.The men at the wheels had to havetheir nerve with them.Over the Mine Fields.The chap who had proposed the raidwe might as well call him Jones,Which Is not his name had figured outthe tide conditions to a nicety, and onthis particular night we were havingthe fullest high water of the autumn.Just before we ran into the mine fieldswe passed a British monitor, aboutWhich I will have more to say' later,and then began the real work of theexpedition.As every one knows, some mines are" Mt so that they rise and fall with thetide and remain always a certain dis--tancebelow the surface of the water,aid if we didn't hit one of these itwould be merely a matter of luck.There werS thousands' of mines allaroand us, and there was no earthlyyijnj of telling where any of themkn fortiie mines which are anchoredalways the same distance above thebsttosm of the sea, we were countingon the extra high tide to take us over- tilir At least Jones had figured thatItLWowa.- There is no moon. We dash alongMX- speed ahead, for we must run in,eur taskvand run out againthat tide ebbs enough to makeU aact to impossible far tram, ourS5Si'?mj aX&i'l&SKSPffiwfcfry'WV-;'' SB:' ;$&-&''BSB-A-'-A'ryMA:(D mmmmmmmmmmmNBMfttH&V. - y'light draft craft to escape because ofthe anchored mines coming to the surface. The men in each- crew have beencarefully selected. They are all in thebest physical condition, good swim'mers, and the Brass Hats (officers)have even made certain that none ofthem has a cold. A sneeze or a coughmight betray us. Despite this, thedamp, chilly night air makes one ofthe men in our boat sneeze suddenly.It sounds to us like the crash of amine. I don't see why It didn't takethe top of the fellow's head off. Ourfinely made motors, of course, weremuffied until you could not distinguishtheir purr ten feet away."A thousand yards or so and we'll beacross the fields," says the Brass Hatin our boat. He has it figured downpretty fine. Now we are skimmingover a. bar, where a heavier boat couldnot go.Discover Enemy Destroyers.We strain our eyes ahead to catchthe white gleam of the wake of ourleading craft and stare behind to makeout the white bow wave of the onefollowing us, ft is the only way wecan keep ourselves in line?Presently I pick up out of the blackness of the night a patch of somethingthat Is even blacker. A rippie runsdown my spine. The great momenthas arrived. This is not like chasinga submarine which is trying to hideand which you can almost run circlesaround. It is more like six mosquitoestackling a band of giants. If everthey can hit us a slap we will becrushed to jelly.I point out the black patch to theBrass Hat. He strains through hisnight glasses then hands them to me."Destroyer!" he says.The term is well applied, and I realize for the first time what destructivepower one of these slick sea fightershas. She is running without lights.We wonder in whispers whether theother craft have sighted her. There isno way for us to signal them. Theman standing at the wheel throws herover a little to starboard, followingthe white wake of the boat aheadof us.""They see her," says the Brass Hatnext "They're circling in."A glance astern shows us that ourfollowers have observed the change in'our course. I do not know how farwe are from that destroyer. In thedark she looms so big that it seems wemust be going to graze her.There is a lurid stab of red In thedarkness ahead a deafening roar thesmell of battle is in our nostrils. Theleader's three incher has barked. Oursbarks at almost the same time. Ourshas bitten, for we can see the flash ofthe explosion as the shell falls onboard the destroyer. That is betterluck than we had looked for.The Searchlights Scour the Sea.The flashes have shown us othercraft destroyers, patrol boats andgunboats. No hope of concealmentnow. We wait 'just long enough between shots to make it hard for theGermans to locate us from the flash ofthe guns. Our engines, with the mufflers open to give us all possible speed,are roaring almost as loudly as thecannon it seems.The Boches must be confused. Theyhaven't fired on us yet. Searchlightsare darting everywhere across the water and in the sky. Their one objectis to find and destroy us, but they cannot figure out what to look for. Theyof course think we have come inthrough the channel, and their powerful rays sweep the entrance to theharbor and the waters Just inside,while others play over the surfacefrom whence we fired our first shots.They don't expect craft of our size toattempt such a daring raid.How much damage we have donewe do not know, but we cease firingThe Gunnar Fires Into the Source efthe Lightand double back, waiting until we are.out of the zone from which we started to fight. vI do not suppose any of the Hunsever thought of the little motor launches. They seem jumpy in then: nerves,judging by the way -they handle thesearchlights. Probably they thinksome new engine of warfare is attacking them, like the tanks which so surprised them in the trenches one fineday.Umtfh! Suddenly I am blinded. Ithink for a hundredth of a second thatI am shot, and my head is splitting. Itis a searchlight, the rays full andsquare in my eyes. The gunner firesinto the source of .the light It-seemsrnmmnnms9nWBE3i?bsbbbbbbbsBtFr - VV BpESESSEferTOyf 1 lyXr.l....JZLlMTiaSBBBBBB8BBBBS3P3HB!BBV HssbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbIIIbSF jBBHSBBBBBBBBSBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBM9li&lr 1P'o be comintf f rom. a gunboat. If ,hehits her he will be lucky, for it is Impossible for us to see anything.We can hear the "woomph-woomph"of shells dropping into the wateraround us. We have made up ourminds that it is all over, but two ofthe other boats, not being blinded bythe searchlights, turn their fire on ourjtprmentpr. If the Germans hold onus we are gone, but they seem to bein a frenzy, and while they sweepround, trying to pick up the other craft,we change our course,- and they do notseem able to find us again. They fireon every stick of driftage and sparhat darkens the surface of the illuminated water. -. .Out Over the Dangers of the Mines.When the- rising sun began to streakthe sky we were s.afe. Way off to portlay the monitor we had passed thenight before, and the Brass Hat, incommand of the expedition, signaledus to run over to her and take account The monitor was one of a type muchin evidence during the first years ofthe war, mounting heavy guns forwardin an armored turret. The guns weremade in America, and most of themonitors were named after Americangenerals. 'They were used on work that tookthem constantly into the mine fields,and for that reason they must havespecial protection against mines andtorpedoes. Just how this is accomplished I do not feel at liberty to tell,but because of it an amusing incidentoccurred. The first motor launch wasrunning at rather low speed in towardthe monitor, so as to' come alongside.All of a. sudden we saw her sort ofclimb out of the water, bow first, heelover and lie there as though she hadrun up on a bar.. A couple of "matloes" (sailors) onthe deck of the monitor began swearing at the crew, and every man in theM. L. was thrown off his feet by theshock which stopped the boat. Theswearing was not confined to the monitor's men. The M. L. had run highand dry on to the shelf which formsa part of the more or less intricateprotection against torpedoes and minesthat modern monitors carry. They hadto use a crane to get her off.Well, we had roll call and foundonly one man slightly hurt. A bit ofshell had struck him in the shoulder.A piece the size of a man's palm wasimbedded in the side of one of theM. L.'s. We had got off mighty lucky.I might say here that later six other boats made the experiment again,and only one got back to England, soit isn't such a soft assignment Inthat single craft were all the menfrom the five launches who had survived the hell they ran into. Andthere was plenty of room, for thosewho had been lost were many.Under orders the survivors of thatraid refrained from telling what actually happened, but in general it Istrue that the Germans must have realized what occurred on the first expedition, and they were ready. The element of surprise, which saved us allfrom going to kingdom come, was absent The officer in command of the onewhich was not destroyed cruisedaround in the glare of the searchlightsuntil he had gathered in every livingthing that still struggled in the watera man's job in that searching glare oflight and hail of shells.The Hero."The sky was red over his head,"said one of the men he picked up,"because of the vast number of illuminating bombs and rockets the Hunswere using, besides the searchlightsand the shells that were -bursting.There was light enough to take a moving picture of the scene. i"Any human being would have run,but that chap's a devil or a god. Heshouted orders to his men as thoughhe were at maneuvers and fished usout of the water with a boat hook ascoolly as if he were merely picking upa buoy, and couldn't understand whatall the racket was about"After he goUme on board I sawhim fall with" the blood spurting fromhis leg. He grabbed a bit of rope,made a tourniquet himself, using thebarrel of his revolver to twist it tight,and directed the work until he had allof us on board."How we ever penetrated that-barrierof fire and lead and steel I don'tknow, but we came through and limped into port under-our own power."As I say, I was not on this expedition, and what few details other thanthose I heard I am not at liberty totell.Well, to go back to the monitor. Weall went aboard and were given breakfast. In the ward room one of theofficers told us some interesting thingsabout their work."These tubs," he explained, referringto the monitors, "are not armored. Wecany heavy guns forward, and the barbette is the only part of the craft thatis protected by armor plate."All along the coast we have buoysanchored to mark fire positions: Wecruise along, pick up one of the buoysand let go a few shots. Of course we'know the range and where the Germanforts and batteries are. although wacant see" them. Sometimes we have'hydroplanes observing for., us, so thatwe can tell wliether we're on the target, but we have been doing it so longand we have the coast so well plottedand the buoys so carefully planted thatIt's mostly a matter of mathematics."It's all very impersonal. We dropa few shells into a harbor or fort, thenmove on to a new position and drop afew more."The Germans don't seem to haveany planes along the coast here, andthey aren't able to reply with any accuracy whatever, for they can't see us,as we always pick a day with a slightj mist or, haze or operate at nightBut the other, day we dropped downI the coast for a little party; when allof a sudden, after our first shot, ashell plumped into the water just beyond us. We let go another, and thesecond German shell fell just a littleshort. Both were in line."We thought it was luck, so we moved to a new position. The same thinghappened, only this time one shellcame on board and 'did some damageand hurt some of our crew. Of coursewe thought the Huns must have someplanes up giving the batteries ourrange, but we couldn't spot one anywhere. This sort of thing kept up allmorning until it became positively uncanny. The day was hea,vy with fog,making aerial observation difficultHow the Germans Got the Range."Then an. officer who had been anobserver in the Russo-Japanese warexplained it. The Japanese had useda system at Port Arthur to locatesome hidden Russian batteries that thischap said the Germans must be employing, and I guess he was right. Inwe confirmed Z original opinion icannot tell."Every one familiar with the principles of artillery fire knows that a shelldoes not travel in a straight line. Ittravels in a curve called the trajectory.Elevate a gun of a given caliber to acertain angle and fire it and the tra-jectory will always be practically theAfUr Our First Shot Shell PlumpedInto the Water Just Beyond Us.same. The curve varies constantly,becoming steeper as the velocity ofthe shell decreases and it begins tobe affected more and more by gravity.The Mathematics of It."Now, what the Germans had donewas this. They erected a series ofgauze screens at least three betweenus and a battery which we were accustomed to shell. To hit the targetour shells must pass through thesescreens. Electrical timing devices indicated the length of time the projectilerequired to travel between the screens,and of course the distance was alreadyknown."This gave the Germans .the velocityof the shell when it reached the screen.The holes it made in the screens gavethem three or more points in the curve.This enabled them to plot a section ofthe curve. They could tell from theexplosion the size of the shell approximately. This would enable them toknow the velocity with which the sheUwould leave the gun."With these elements a section ofthe trajectory, the velocity of the shellwhen it reached the screens and aknowledge of the initial velocity of acertain sized shell they had more thanenough data to figure oiit exactlywhere the projectile came from."In fact, they could check themselveson it, because they could plot the wholecurve from the section they had withj their knowledge of the velocity, andtney coma ngure tne straignt distancefrom the velocity of the shell when itreached the screens and the velocitythey knew it must have when it leftthe muzzle of the cannon on board themonitor."The best proof that the systemworked was the fact that, no matterwhere we moved to, their shots straddled us, and besides the one whichcame on board us one of our otherships got a shell in the boiler room."Well, somebody's always taking thejoy out of life, as we say in America.After mess we left the monitor, thelittle damage which had been done theM. L. that ran up on the shelf havingbeen repaired. Before we .went downover the rim of the horizon we sawour friend the monitor steaming asfast as she could go toward some vessels, flying the Dutch flag."D ' all neutrals anyway," saidthe Brass Hat. He didn't mean thatthere was anything particularly reprehensible in being neutral, but if therewere no 'neutrals we'd always knowwho to fire on and who not to. Thetrouble is that .a lot of ships are cruising around under neutral flags andscattering mines in their wake."We're always nervous when we'rein waters a neutral has just traversed.Down at Dover But I'm getting aheadof myself. Twill tell aljout what happened at Dover in my next article.The fourth and concluding article ofthis series will appear soon. It s entitled No. 4. The Dangers of Dover.Aeroplanes bombard the barracks anatown. German submarines laying minesin the harbor" channel. What happenedoii-a destroyer thek day aft'r-I' had'diriheron her with the officers whom' later I saxccrushed and. torn to death.Low RoundVIALouisville & Nashville RailroadACCOUNTKentuckyLouisville,' Better, Bigger and More Important Than Ever Before.$50,000 in Premiums.$10,000 Saddle Horse Event.$1,000 Exhibit for Best Display of Agri- -culturalProducts Grpwn in Any. One County in 1917,For further particulars apply& Nashville Railroad, or addressAgeht, Louisville, Ky.ELIMINATEYOURWORfHESHigh cost of living, warm weather andscarcity of labor is a condition where aHOME TELEPHONEin your residence at reasonable rates andcourteous treatment to all would eliminate a good portion of the worries attributed to this cause.Call at our office or telephone 427, 411 or320 and place your order.Paris Home Telephone . S Telegraph Go.(Incorporated)J. J. VEATCH,District Manager.G. W. DAVISfuneral DirectorCorner Fifth and Pleasant Streets, Paris, Ky.Day Phones 137 Night Phones 299 or 999Automobile Ambulance Automobile HearseUndertakingOur Winton-Six Automobile Ambulance with Johnson &Johnson First Aid Equipment and the Lungmotor (recentlysecured by us at great expense) a resuscitating device forthose apparently dead from drowning, gas poisoning, electric"shock, collapse from anaesthasia, etc., always ready for service, DAY OB NIGHT. Phone us immediately when anaccident occurs.Bourbon LaundryDWIS & FUNK, Props.Telephone No. 4.Bourbon iParis Kentucky.You never can tellhas a-checkered careerisn't fond of checkers.Manywhoa manreallyTruth may je stranger than fiction, but a lie 'is, apt to travel faster.' l ft toMorality is always ready to monopolize the spotllglit.'. . :- Trip FaresState FairSept. 10-15to local ticket agents, LouisvilleR. D. Pusey, General Passenger(aug28-5t) .itfW. H. CANNON,local Manager.West 5 StreetSatisfactionWatchwordis OnrWith all the latest im?provements in laundryappliances and experthelpers we are preparedto do work inferior tonone, and solicit, yourpatronage.P1LESI P1LESI PILES!WUJAMT DfEXAM MX OWTMENTTO BIM MMtiBff a4 fMUar Mm.It ajMorlM tt tumors, alUys itekia t mm.clLaundry.IOMRrtWfrgft'TW -DrigtU,:W.- .-AS,trN-'v,x J',H"i-VtfTUESDAY, SEPTEMBER 11, 1117.WJJBOlR50N news, rAftis; Kt:J-vAGSricSw;?Oou?&ves.rFor distinctive eye glassservice consult us.We use the latest and mostup-to-date methods of refractthe eyes.Giveus an early call.We Fit WhereOthers FailFRYE & FRANKLINDOCTORS OF OPTOMETRYOow BIdgM opp. Windsor HotelProfessional Cards.DR. WM. KENNEYEye, Ear, Nose and Throat.ROOMS 403404.FIRST NATL BANK BUILDING.PHONE 136.WM, GRANNANAttorneyatLawROOMS 401-402.FIRST NATL BANK BUILDINGCAHAL BROS.BARBER SHOPHOW THE ANTI-TUBERCULOSISARMIES ARE SWELLING.The interest that the National Association for the Study and Prevention of Tuberculosis and its 1,500affiliated State and local organizations have aroused in the fightagainst humanity's most instiate andinveterate enemy, is shown in' thefact that during their last sessions,38 or 4 5, legislatures enacted antituberculosis laws and 14 passedlaws relating to county tuberculosis hospitals. Only seven States andterritories failed to take action.Since it has been demonstrated thatconsumption can be arrested andoften cured many people are awakening to the importance of combattingthe disease by every means suggested and are using their power to forcethe legislation necessary and joiningthe vigorous propaganda institutedby anti-tuberculosis organizations.It is only those xwho do not realizethis importance or are ignorant ofwhat can be done for suffering humanity, who are failing to join thearmy which has enlisted for the warand victory over the plague. It is tospread the glad tidings that consumption may be prevented and often cured by the observance of simple rulesof treatment laid down by the doctorswho have made a -life study of thedisease, that the State TuberculosisCommission is bending its every effort in every means of publicity.Literature treating of every phase ofthe disease and the method to preventand cure it has been prepared underits direction, which Dr. W. L. Heizer,its secretary, with office at Frankfort,will send free to any applicant.TSTS 3CATARRH CANNOT BE CUREDPrompt andCourteousPatrons.Attention toHOT AND COLD BATHS.You'Don't Have toStoopIf You Use aGarlandCabinetRangeWith LOCAL. APPLICATIONS, asthey cannot reach the seat of thedisease. Catarrh is a local disease,greatly influenced by constitutionalconditions, and in order to cure ityou must take an internal remedy.Hall's Catarrh Medicine is takeninternally and acts through the bloodon the mucous surfaces of the system. Hall's Catarrh Medicine wasprescribed by one of the best physicians in this country for years. It iscomposed of some of the best tonicsknown, combined with some of thebest blood purifiers. The perfectcombination of the ingredients inHall's Catarrh Medicine is what produces such wonderful results incatarrhal conditions. Send for testimonials, free.F. J. CHENEY & CO., Toledo, O.Sold by Druggists, 75c.Hall's Family Pills- for constipation. (sept-adv)lsi ra fe'A QUEER PAPER.(New York Times.)Eliezer Ben Jehuda, editor of theHaro, a newspaper published in Jerusalem, arrived here on the newGreek steamship Vasilefs Constantinos from Patras. Ship news men whowelcomed him at the pier were besetby mingled emotions when theylearned that the Haro has four editions a year and no extras. The Haormeans in English the Light. Mr.Jehuda had come to New York on arush assignment and he was gravelyconcerned lest he would not get hisstory in for the October edition. Itwas learned that there are no vacancies on the editorial, repertorial orbusiness staff of the Haro.KENTUCKY TRACTION& TERMINAL COMPANYInterurban Schedule. .CARS LEAVEA beautiful line of Garlands on dlsfelay. Come In and look them ovtr.Paris Gas & Electric Co.(Incorporated)Warty ?SMS2W.rt - ? tnmz -QjnQdXzgMakesJqymBBB vJKWCOAL $irm71SP&.THERE'S a heap of joyin a ton of good coal.Your stove or furnacewon't have much troublefrom extracting comfortfrom a ton of coal if youbuy it from us. Our rapiddelivery will please you.W. C. DODSOtfSouth Main St.The Hnt off Good CoalParisforLexington6:45 a. m.7:30 a. m.8:15 a. m.9;00 a. m9 ;45 a. m.11:15 a. m.12:45 p. m.2:15 p. m.3:45 p. m.4:30 p. m.5:15 p. m.6:05 p. m.6:50 p. m.8:15 p. m.10:05 p. m.Lexingtonfor-B.Paris6:00 a. m.7:20 a. m.' 8:00 a. m8:50 a. m10:20 a11:50 a1:20 p2:50 p3:30 p4:20 p5:00 pt:uu p.7:20 p9:10 p.11:00 p"OLD JHICKORrS" PIPE OWNEDBY MISSISSIPPIAN.R. D. Harris, of Meridian, Miss.,owns what is believed to be the pippthat Gen. Andrew Jackson presentedto an Indian chief at Garlandsville,on his march to New Orleans. Thepipe was found in an Indian moundat Hickory, among the bones and effeefs of the Indians and was buried anumber of years ago, says the Knoxville Sentinel.Mr. Harris lives at Hickory andsays that he has remembrance of theIndian who piloted General Jacksonthrough to Louisiana, having seen theIndian, who was an old man in his(Harris') early boyhood.The pipe is of pure meerschaum,and as there were no white people inthat section at the time, only Indians,the pipe is undoubtedly the one whichGen. Jackson smoked peace to the Indians and securedtheir help in piloting him to New Orleans to fight theBritish in 1812. The bowl of the pipeis of rough finish and is identicalwith the pipe smoked in the dayswhen Mississippi was the huntingground of Red Men only. The Indian who owned the pipe died sixtyyears ago, according to Mr. Harris,and was buried in one of the moundsnear Hickory.Natives in that section years ago,following the report that the UnitedStates Government had given an Indian chief $30,000 for his services inaiding Gen. Jackson, searched thewhole section with divining rods inan effort to find the treasure, which,so far as is known, has never beenlocated.Mr. Harris, who exhibited the piperecently, said that the town of Hick-,ory was named for Gen. Jackson, whowas called "Old Hickory." He alsodeclares that the Jackson MilitaryHighway passed right through hisfarm, as he has from boyhood knownit as the Jackson road. In furtherevidence of his claim he says thatthere is still evidence of the bridgewhich Gen. Jackson built to carry histroops and wagons over the river.tj 1 121WHAT'S THE REASON?Many Paris People in Poor HealthWithout Knowing the Cause.There are scores of people whodrag out a miserable existence without realizing the cause of their suffering. Day after day they are rackedwith backache and headache; sufferfrom nervousness, dizziness, weakness, langour and depression. Perhaps the kidneys have fallen behindin their work of filtering the bloodand that may be the root of thetrouble. Look to your kidneys, assist them in their work give themthe help they need. You can use nomore highly recommended remedythan Doan's Kidney Pills endorsedby people all over the country andby your neighbors in Paris.Wm. W. Dudley, 1729 Cypress St.,Paris, says: "Some years a'go, Ifound it necessary to use a kidneyremedy and as I had read about Doan's Kidney Pills, I ued them. Theyproved to be satisfactory and permanetly rid me of kidney complaint.I have good reason to recommendDoan's Kidney Pills and advise theiruse to anyone troubled with a weakor lame back or irregular passages ofthe kidney secretions."Price 60c, at all dealers. Don'tsimply ask for a kidney remedy getDoan's Kidney Pills the same thatMr Dudley had. Foster-MilburnCo.', Props., Buffalo, N. Y. (adv)FINDING THE BULLET.YOUR UNCLE SAMUEL NOW THEWORLD FINANCIER.(Honolulu Star-bulletin.)Attention is drawn by a Honolulubanker to the small size of the halfbillion dollar loan compared to thenational wealth of the United States,bank deposits or value of farm products. Indeed, the richest country inthe world can lend half a billion dollars without more than a ripple infinancial circles. Since the war started, not only has the United" Statessteered easily clear of a financial panic, but has wiped out the floatingdebt of $350,000,000 due Europe onJanuary 1, and absorbed between$750,000,000 and $1,000,000,000 ofAmerican securities, which up to afew months ago wei e held abroad, butwhich were hurriedly resold to raise'war funds.The Controller of the Treasury estimates that the income of the people of the United States available forinvestment amounts to $5,000,000,000 a year. This is all in excess ofthe income devoted to living expenses, and' the people of the UnitedStates are notoriously living on ascale which could probably be cut iiihalf in the case of several millionpeople.These figures indicate the comparative, affluence of this country at atime when the Allies are borrowingabroad and the Teutons are "livingon their expenses," as one bankerput it. The conclusion is that afterthe war the United States mustfinance the world to leplace the tremendous amount of material wealthwhich Nhas been destroyed.SUCCESSFUL MEMORYMENT.TREAT-(Youth's Companion.)The late Horace Hutton used to saythat having to take a little troublewould impress a fact on anyone'smemory so that he would never oeable to forget it. In illustration hewould tell .this story:"Our waitress, Maggie, could neverremember ta put salt on the table,and time after time Mrs. Huttonwould remind her to do it. One morning it was absent as usual, and I said,'Maggie, where is the stepladder?'" 'It's in the pantry, sir?'" 'Please bring it in, Maggie,' Isaid kindly."Maggie brought it in with a lookof wonderment on her face." 'Put it riecht beside the table,' Tcommanded, and when she had doneso I added, 'Now, I want" you toclimb up to the top of it, look overthe table and see if there is any saltthere.'"Maggie never forgot the saltagain."fca fe isNEEDED A CHART.ComingAttractions-. ..PARIS GRAND AND ALAMOTUESDAYBryant Washburn"The Man WhoWas Afraid"Essanay Comedy-Drama.Wm. Duncan and CarolHolloway inThe Fighting Trail"the most remarkablephoto-play serial of thegreat outdoors.Helen Holmes in thelast episode of "TheRailroad Raiders."aWEDNESDAY.Clara Kimball YoungIn ''THE EASIEST WAY." AnotherSelznick feature and one of the bestMiss Young has ever appeared in.Alamo in afternoon, Grand in evening. The price remains the same.yAlamo in eveningHOUSE PETERSandLOUISE HUFFin "THE LONESOME CHAP." APallas-Paramount picture, also Burton Holmes' Travel Pictures.Hours-Alamo, 2 to 5:30; Paris Grand,7to1 0:30, Admission 5 and 1 0c.T. W. SPICERNatural Gas FittingPlumbing and Heating ,in.m.an.m.BflBMBvaTaivifrdK'ugwzaa$1.504TOCincinnatiand ReturnOn Special Sunday Excursion onSunday, Sept 16Special train leaves Paris 8:20a. m., arriving m Cincinnati at10:30 a m.Returning leaves Cincinnati(4th Street Station) at 7 p. m.W. V. 'SHAW, AgentOne of the most notable developments in surgery in the war hospitals has been the improvement ofmeans for locating the bullet in awound. Three electrical methodsi,avA hP.fin developed, each of themfar superior to anything previouslyi-n hp. One of these devices. is mag-nptio. in character: a second, proba-wv Tip. best known, is a telephonic;iQ,.p The last to be perfected, saidto be the best of all, makes use ofthe galvanometer principle, whereinonly the location of the ball, but alsothe depth to which it has penetrated.g. Bg g .EXPERIENCE IS THE BESTTEACHERIt is generally admitted that experience is the best teacher, but shouldwe not make use of the experience ofothers as well as our own? The experience of a thousand persons ismore to be depended upon than thatof one individual. Many thousandsof persons have used Chamberlain'sCough Remedy 'for coughs and "coldswith the best results, which shows itto be a thoroughly reliable preparation for those diseases. Try it. Itis prompt and effectual and pleasantto take.(sept-adv)let m isa lrinoi nnt susreests that Mr.I Hoover compile a book of food jokesfor the simple minded.Us IS feJust our- luck! The draft failed J,oget the "Is it hot enough for you"(Philadelphia Ledgers)"Urn, yes! Ah!" remarked the medico in his best bedside manner tb hispatient as they stood in the consulting room. "I'll give you the following prescription," and he handed himthree small packages. The patientopened them and read the direction."A powder for my headache," he saidaloud; "a pellet for my liver," hecontinued, "and a capsule for mygouty foot." Then he stopped andpondered deeply for a moment. "Isay, doctor," he queried, "how'll thelittle beggars know the right place togo when they get inside?"fe te fcPEOPLE SPEAK WELL OF CHAMBERLAIN'S TABLETS."I -have been selling Chamberlain'sTablets for about two years andheard such good reports from mycustomers that I concluded to givethem a trial myself, and can say thatI do not believe there is anotherpreparation of "he kind equal tothem," writes G. A McBride, Headford, Ont. If you are troubled withindigestion or constipation give thema trial. They will do you good.(sept-adv)TS ISNEW TRENCH WEAPON.A Full Line of Gas Stoves andRangesPut in Your Stoves Now Before the FalljRushMain Street, Opposite Court' MouseBOTH PHONESKentucky's Great Trots"V45th Fall Meeting Oct. 1 to 13, 1917SENSATIONAL RACINGRY D-The latest trench weapon is basedon the principle that the rifle intrench warfare is little more than ahandle for a bayonet. For rifle-fireat any considerable range, the machine gun gas largely supplanted thestandard rifle. For the hand-to-handfighting that goes on when a trenchis assaulted, the automatic pistol and'the bayonet are 'the most effectiveweapons. So this latest inventioncombines the two, in the shape of atool which carries a bayonet on oneend and an automatic pistol on theother. The handle of the instrumentcarries five extra clips of pistol cartridges. Thirty-six high-powerLUi uuueia van. uo im.i.i- oas many seconds, and the soldier canthen use the bayonet.MONDAY, OCTOBER 1.The Walnut Hall Cup, 2:11 Trotting:.. $ 3,000The Futurity (2-year-olds) 5,0002:07 Class,, Pacing 1.0002:14 Class, racing 1,000TUESDAY, OCTOBER S.Kentucky Futurity, 3-ycar-olds $14,0002:06 Class, Trotting 1,2002:15 Class, Trotting 1,0002:04 Class, Pacing 1,000WEDNESDAY, OCTOBER 3.Phoenix Hotel, Free-for-all, Pacing..? 1,5002:18 Class, Trotting 1,0002:11 Class, Trotting 1,0002:09 Class, Pacing 1,000THURSDAY, OCTOBER 4.The Transylvania, 2:07 Trotting $ 5,0002:09 Class, Trotting 1,0002:21 Class, Trotting 1,0002:12 Class, Pacing 1,000FRIDAY, OCTOBER 5.The Blue Grass, 2:09 Pacing $ 2,000The Lexington (2- ear-old' trotters).. 2,0002:13 Class, Trotting 1,0002:16 Class, Pacing 1,000SATURDAY, OCTOBER .The Kentucky (3-year-old trotters).. S 2,MBreeders Stakes (2-year-olds) ,2:17 Class, Trotting !,-2:08 Class, Pacing 103IONDAY, OCTOBER 8.The Castleton, Free-for-all, Trotting. 2,9Champion Futurity (4-year-olds).... 5J92:14 Class, Trotting 1,2:06 Class, Pacing 1,0MTUESDAY, OCTOBER 9.The Cumberland, 2:05 Facing $ 2,9Dinner Stakes (3-year-olds) 5,M2:08 Class, Trotting 1,2:15 Class, Pacing 1,MWEDNESDAY, OCTOBER 1.The Ashland, 2:18 Trotting ? ,Pacing Futurity (3-year-olds) 2,999The Board of Commerce, Facing 19Two-Year-OId Trotters 1,99THURSDAY, OCTOBER 11.2:12 Class, Trotting '....$ 1,M2:20 Class, Trotting 1,M2:10 Class, Pacing : 1,9Three-Year-Old Trotters 1,9FRIDAY AND SATURDAY, DCTOB1X 12AND 13 RESERVED.The Royal Scotch HighlandersIn Daily ConcertswrREDUCED RAILROAD RATES'-cSAMANAND HIS WIFEHAS A HIGH OPINION 0V CHAMBERLAIN'S TABLETS."I have a high opinion of Chamberlain's Tablets for biliousness andas a laxative," writes Mrs. C. A.Barnes,- Charleston, 111. "I havenever found anything so mild andoleasant to use. My brother has alsoeed these tablets with satisfactoryGEEAT FAITH IN CHAMBERLAIN'SCOnC AND DIARRHOEAREMEDY"Chamberlain's Colic and DiarrhoeaRemedy was used by my father abouta year ago when he had diarrhoea.It relieved him immediately and bytaking three doses he was absolutelycured. He has great faith in thisremedy," writes Mrs. W.H. Williams,Stanley, N. Y.(sept-adv)Honesty is the best policy for allyour neighbors.may both derive satisfactionby having their worn and soiledgarments cleaned by us. Tfceco3t is nominal, while the .pie asure of wearing old clothes thathave the appearance of new, inconjunction with the knowledf ethat you are effecting a greatving, must surely satisfy, youA, phone brings us.LEVY, THE DRY CLEANERome, eT 2eT J5L3EX ' a Cumberland Plione 40 . . , HomPboM 16SbiL L . .nw. -c- t gome PS ' '"' HdMPbo 163mmmimmmmammammm W. R. CIOTEHBEAM), T. A. ' , t Owt-tjiT) woman's, mission submissionItHtMILLERSBURG$Mr. Harlan Hurst has returnedom a business trip to Cincinnati.Quite a number from, here arettending the State Fair at Louisville this week.Miss Makemson, .of Morgan, arrived Friday as the guest of her niece,Mrs. C. O. Cossaboom.Dr. and Mrs. Boxley left Fridayfor a two-weeks' visit to his sister,Mrs. Ingram, at Crewe, Pa.Col. C. M. Best has returnedfrom Virginia, where he entered his-nephew, Mr. Harry Roche, at V. M. I.Miss Alma Duke Jones left Friday for North Carolina, where shewill resume her work as instructor inmusic.Miss Elizabeth Miller, of Atlanta,Ga., arrived Thursday as guest of heruncle, Dr. W. M. Miller, and family.She will also enter the M. C.Mr. and Mrs. Olhebock and Mr.Chas. Dotts have returned to. theirhomes at Philadelphia, after a twoweeks' visit to Col. and Mrs. C. M.Best.Master William Purdy entertained fourteen of his little boyfriends Saturday with a picnic luncheon. The little folks had a delightful time.The M. C. will open Thursday,ome of the teachers having alreadyarrived. Miss Wilson and Mrs.Bramblette have been here for severaldays. Mrs. Schenick arrived Saturday. Dora Green, wife of Joe Green,colored, died Thursday after a lingering illness of cancer 'of the breast,and was interred in the colored cemeter Saturday afternoon, after afuneral service at the colored Christian church.Mr. Wallace Bowles, of the TJ. S.Navy, is at home on a short furlough.He came in Saturday night, and wasreceived with considerable 'enthusi-asm, as our citizens gathered aroundhim, and gave him the glad hand ofwelcome.Mrs. Ruth Peed and daughter,Miss Carrie, left Sunday for a shortvisit to Mr. William Peed, and family. Thev accompanied Miss DorothyPeed that far on her way to Birmingham, Ala., where she will resume herwork as instructor in graded school.The Graded School opened hereMonday with good attendance. MissMaguire, the new principal, arrivedSunday, and has taken board ahdlodgine with Mr. and Mrs. Roy Endicott. Miss Martha Viley arrived Monday morning. The place formerly occupied by Miss Kizzie May McDaniellis filled by her sister, Miss GeorgiaMcDaniell.All persons subscribing for magazines are earnestly requested afteryou h&ve read them to leave sameat the grocery store of T. D. Judy &Son, where they will be sent to theFoldier boys in various camps, alsoany book that you feel can be sparedfrom your libraries. All donors willplease write their names on the magazine or book so that when it reachesits destination it may be known bywhom it is sent. This is a goodcause. Remember many of our boyswill be in camp all winter, and thesemagazines and books wiU.be a sourceof much comfort during the long winter months. Let eveiibody get busyand contribute something.Mr. J. P. Auxier and family leftSunday for their home at Francesville, Ind. Mr. Auxier until recentlyconducted a store in Judyvillc, a suburb of Millersburg. Some time agohe gave up his store and has beencasting about for a location. Recently he decided to go on a farm ofhis father, Mr. L. G. Auxier, who resides at Edinburg, Ind. The farm islocated near Francesville, withintwenty miles of Chicago. It is withmany regrets that we give these goodpeople up. Mrs. Auxier is one of our-most popular and cultured ladies, adaughter of Postmaster J. B. Cray,with a large circle of friends and relatives throughout Central Kentucky,who wish this good family much prosperity in their new field of labor.?S IS IBSelf-confidence is a good asset, butmany a man is sure he is right whois eventually left.fe te S3When you speak of a fellow as being a nut, do you mean to infer thathe is half cracked?Wilmcth'sSalt-RisingBread!Angel FoodCake!Don't That"Listen Good?"WILMOTHGrocery Co.Phone 3761DEATHS."' CANTRILL.The funeral of Miss GertrudeCantrill, who died in the Good Samaritan Hospital, in Lexington,Thursday afternoon, following a surgical operation, was h.eld Sunday afternoon at 2:30 o'clock, at the homeof her nieces, Mrs. C. A. Thomas andMrs. Claude Garth, on West Thirdstreet, 'in Lexington. Services wereconducted by Rev. W. N. Briney,pastor of the Broadway Christianchurch, in Louisville. The burialtook place in the X.exington Cemetery. Miss Cantrill was born in Scottcounty, near Newtown, where shespend her girlhood days. She latermoved to Bourbon county, where shelived until the death of her mother,when she moved to Shelby county.She remained there about three years,and later moved to Lexington, whereshe had since made her home withher nieces.Besides her brothers, Mr. EdwardCantrill, of Paris, and Mr. ClaudeCantrill, of Gallatin, Tenn., she issurvived by two nephews, Dr. Robt.L. Carrick and Dr. James C. Carrick,bdth of Lexington, one great-nephew,Dr. Alex Brown, of Lexington, andher nieces, Mrs. Thomas and Mrs.Garth.SPEAKS MILL ITEMS.Mr. James Faulkner, who hasbeen ill for some time, is able to beout again.Mr. and Mrs. Tilford Burnett, ofParis, were guests Sunday of Mr. andMrs. Alvin Ballengee.Miss Elizabeth Hudnall left Sun-day for Richmond, where she will en-ter State Normal School as a student.Mr. and Mrs. Frank Mitchell,Rev. Ernest Mangum, Mr. and Mrs.Lpgesten, Mr. and Mrs. Deering, Mrs.Richard Butler, Mrs. Arthur Faulkner, Miss Elizabeth Hudnall and Mrs.S. R. Hudnall attended the sessionsof the Elkhorn Baptist Associationat Sadieville as delegates from theSpears Mill Baptist church.Rev. Ernest Mangum conductedservices at the Baptist church bothmorning and evening Sunday. Therewas a large attendance at both services. Rev. Mangum will hold services next Sunday. He will make ahouse-to-house canvass this week ofthe membership of the congregation,paying a peisonal call on each one.P3 1!S 1E3MATRIMONIAL.HARDIN RYAN.Miss Mattie M. Hardin and Mr.John F. Ryan, both of Lexington,secured license here, and were married in the private office of CountyClerk Pearce Patnn, by Rev. Geo.H. Harris, rector of St. Peter's Episcopal church.HILL, STURGEON.Eld. W. E. Ellis, pastor of theParis Christian church, performedthe marriage ceremony at oneo'clock' Saturday afternoon at thehome of Mr. and Mrs. James Earlywine, uniting Miss Mae Hill and Mr.James Sturgeon, both of this county.The bride was very youthful in apeparance, giving her age as sixteen,but brought with her the 'writtenconsent of her mother, Mrs. MaryHill Claypool, of Hairison county.BOWMAN HARP.Rev. W. E. Ellis, pastor of theParis Christian church, officiatedearly Saturday morning at his residence, corner of Main and Tenthstreets, at the marriage of Miss Johnnie Bowman and Mr. David Harp,both of Lexington.The couple came toParis in a motori car Saturday morning, accompaniedby the bride's mother, Mis. DoraBowman, and Mr. C. C. Harp, brotherof the bridegroom, who were the onlyattendants and witnesses.The bride is beautiful and accomplished, and has for several yeaisbeen secretary in the office of theMartin Wholesale Grocery, in Lexington. Mr. Harp is the son of Mr. andMrs. James Harp, and a prosperousyoung farmer.After the ceremony Mr. and Mrs.Harp left for a wedding tour, to beabsent a month, and on their returnwill be at liome at the residence ofthe groom, who is engaged in farmingon a fine farm on the Russell Cavepike.isa !5i ?& 1LEXINGTON'S BIG ATTRACTION.The greatest trotting meeting ofthe year, probably of any year, with$90,000 in stakes and purses, will begin at Lexington, Monday, October1, and continue ten days. Amongstthe .stakes to be decided are The Kentucky Futurity ($14,000) for threeyear-old trotters; The Futurity ($5,000) for two-year-old trotters; TheBreeders (? 6,000) for two-year-oldtrotters; the great Transylvania (?5,000) always the greatest race of theyear for the all-age division; theWalnut Hall Cup ($3,000) a drawingcard always; and the Castleton Cupfor which .it is certain that Mabsl into print If the suggestions conTrjisk and St. Frisco will meet to re-j tained in the book are followed outnew the bitter struggles of last year. not only an increasing yield will reThe railroads of Kentucky are offer- sult. but a superior niialitv nf.nnming reduced rates on account of this.No, Maude, dear; a woman isn'tnecessarily a good cook because sheroasts her husband.SOCIAL. AND PERSONAL:- 'Comings and Goings of OurPeople Here, There andElsewhere.Miss Veronica Thompson, ofHamilton, Ohio, 3 a guest of Mrs. S.H. Pitman, on South Main street.Mrs. Martin O'Neill and children have returned from a visit toMr. and Mrs. Victor Martin, in Carlisle. Mrs. J. C. Turnipseed, of Mcintosh, Florida, is a guest of her father, Mr. W. M. Jones, at North Middletown. Mrs. W. S. Jones and Mrs. J. W.Jones and little daughter, Sarah, areat Martinsville, Ind., for a severaldays' stay.Mrs. Thomas A. Higgins has returned from a visit to her sister,Mrs. Margaret McLaughlin, inLexington.Mrs. L. M. Hardy and daughter,Miss Louise Hardy, have returned totheir home in Mt Sterling, after avisit to relatives in Paris.Miss Annie Camden, of Versailles, will he a guest of Mr. andMrs. Arthur B. Hancock, of Paris,this week, for the races at Lexington. Aniong those who will haveboxes for the fall race meetingwhich begins at Lexington to-morroware1 Mr. and Mrs. Arthur B.Hancock and Mr. Catesby Woodford,of Paris.(Other Personals on 'Page 5.)MAKE GOOD REPORTS.Reports recently submitted by thesecretary and treasurer of the Men'dBible Class of the Paris Christianchurch, make a good showing. Regular and special offerings taken upduring the year have amounted tomore than $500, partly applied asfollows:For the relief of the poor, $82.00;Christmas cheer for the poor, $8.25;Bibles for the Massie Memorial Hospital, $8.00; for support of twoFrench orphans, $90.50; for theArmy Y. M. C. A., $25.00; for foreign missions, $52.71; for home missions,-$64.30.The class, which now numbers 228men in its enrollment, was complimented at a recent meeting of theHealth and Welfare League by Mrs.Harriet Minaker, Visiting Nurse, forthe substantial assistance that hadbeen rendered her in the county andcity work.T?a 3 tsRELIGIOUS.Prayer meeting will be held at7:30 p. m. Wednesday evening at theBaptist church,' conducted by B. Y.P. U. Subject, "Bible Reasons WhyChurch Members Should AttendPrayer Service." All members urged to be present.The Third Annual Conventionof the Sixth District Christian Endeavor Union will be held in Cynthiana, October 19, 20 and 21. The District is composed of the followingcounties: Anderson, Bourbon, Franklin, Harrison, Fayette, Scott andWoodford. This is one of the mostimportant of several District Conventions held in the State during theyear and has always been well attended. According to appointment of theGeneral Assembly, last Sunday wasobserved by the churches and Sundayschools of the Southern Presbyterianchurch as a day of special prayer forschools and colleges of the countryand the youth who will be gatheredin them during the present month.In many of the churches special seryices were held in observance of theday. The Rev. Dr. Henry H. Sweets,of Louisville, is Executive Secretaryof the General Assembly's Committeeon Christian EducatioVi.On Friday night the "Blues" ofthe Christian Endeavor Society ofthe Presbyterian church were entertained by the losing "Reds." Severalweeks ago a contest for new memberswas held, in which the "Blues" cameout victors. The winning and losingteams were both entertained with alovely party at the home of Mrs.Duncan Bell, captain of the losingteam. The young folks enjoyed anumber of games and a musical program. Little Misi Anna Eliza'bethSwearengen enterta.Tied the guestswith several violin solos. All present voted Mrs. Bell and her assistantscharming hostesses.9lsSTOCK, CROP, ETC.Turney C. Collins, of Leesburg,won the following firsts on his fineflock of Cheviot sheep at Columbus,O: First, aged ram; first, yearlingram; first, ewe lamb; first, flock;first, breeders' young' flock; first, penjof lambs, bred "by exhibitor; first,champion buck, with five flocks showing. i "Ba ?s"THE FABMERS' HANDBOOK."The above is the title of an interesting booklet treating of seed corn ;selection, just issued by the Louisville & Nashville railroad Company.It is said to be one of the best treatises on the subiect that has been mitCopies of the book may be obtained free of charge by writing toMr. G. A. Park,. General Imigrationand Industrial Agent Louisvjlle andNashville Ry., Louisville, Ky.berths: tAt the Massie Memorial Hospital,in this city, Sunday, to the wife ofMr. Wm. Kiser, a handsome son.At Spurrier, Ky., to the wife ofMr. J. Ray Honey, formerly of Paris.,a daughter, christened Josephine.;Spurrier, in honor of its paternaland maternal grandfathers.To the wife of Mr. Hobert Warner, formerly Miss Ethel Finney, ofParis, a daughter; first-born; weight7y2 pounds. Mrs. Warner is at thehome of her parents, Mr. and Mrs. R.S. Finney, near Paris.3 19 laA man may be knave or a fool,but you don't know he is either tillhe is found out.f"l"l"M"I"I"fr'!"M'"I"i"Il I 'I ! if t !' !' I 'I 'I'Now is the Time to iPack Your Eggs for JWinter Use.Use Silicate of Soda(Liquid Water Glass) JThe best proportion isone part of the Water GJassto from ten to twelve partsof recently boiled water.Boil the water, let it cool,then add the water glass.Mix it well with the water.You' may then place theeggs in the solution. Youdo not have to put all theeggs that you want to keepin the solution at one time,T!'i oa i,-n ion raar arlrJinrr acrcra J!fc 0.0 JV714. VsClLl. IIV-UU UVlVlXXJg, &&u $as jou get them fresh.f We can furnish you withj! the liquid water glass inany quantities at the fol- $t? lowing prices: ?I Pint. 20cQuart 35c gSpecial price in larger quan-titles.I BROOKS & SNAPPDRUG COMPANYThe tenslar Store.Cut out this ad and preserve for future reference.t'I"l"H"'I'"I"I,I"I"I"l"I'''4"I"I"I"I"I"l"I"I'"I"'l' !! Final ClearancePrices Cut Deep onMen's, Women's and Children'sSUMMEREmphatic reductions on every pair of shoes in the house.We must unload. Prices marked so low not a pair will remain unsold. Be here this week without fail and buyTwo and Three Pairs for the Former Price of One !Clearance SaleLadies' Black Kid Low and High HeelPumps, $3.50, sale price $2.45Ladies' broken size Oxfords and Pumps$3.00, sale price $ .99Ladies' Kid Shoes, button and lace,$4.00, sale price $2.99Ladies' White Sea Island Canvas Boots,$3.50, sa'e price $2.45Ladies' Gun Metal Shoes, broken sizes,$3.00 and $3.50, sale price $1.45STYLISH FALL FOOTWEAR ARRIVING DAILYBoys', Misses' and Children'sSCHOOL SHOESAt Bargain Prices!Paris' Greatest .Shoe StoreThe Name Tells a True StoryiInl J ft!afllHv IBa IH Ih lH Kl MBti IKd BBt) VKk hWSuperior FeaturesDouble Run Positive Force GrainGrain Feeds.Sow all known seeds, both large and small.Adjustable Disc Wind ShieldsTake up wear. Prevent tiash from catching betweendisc and wheel.Both right and left ground wheels drive all the feeds.Conductor Tube Tops permit connection of grass seedspouts so grass seed can be sown in-rows.Reducing Pletes for alfalfa, millet, flax, etc.Angle Steel Frame reinforced with I-Beam Steel Bed Rail.Hoppers of Large Carrying Capacity.Oscillating Drag Bar Heads(Single Disc only) give greatest clearance of trash.Disk Wheel and Sliding PinionFor change of quantity.Folding Safety Leversr Take up least room in storing.Two-Part Axle HangersNot necessary to strip axle in case of accidental breakage.2II C. S. BALL 0Cor. Fourth andEven Sowing Means Eves GrowingSALEFOOTWEARMen's Russian Tan Oxfords, Walk-Overand Bostonians, $4.50, sale price.. $3.49Men's Tan and Gun Metal Oxfords,$3.00, sale price ...$1.99Men's Patent Colt English Oxfords,and Shoes, $5.00, sale price $3.45Men's Gun Metal, button and lace,$4.00, sale price $2.99Me'n's Gun Metal Button Shoe, $3.00,sale price $ f .99DAN COHENAkAUcPSeasanl StPricesv 5Where Beauty and Economy Reign-'-Ofc"S -t-y.T-V"J's:1 i. V idfctS'wjJ V VW&'V?'?1V.,Si"f"-JU-N.i?-AISk.MBif-.ajif