5Su-. .Jk.jti.S' :.-. Sd &a'Wl'wjt;.'Cj-PUBLISHED EVERY TUESDAY AND FRIDAY IN THE YEAR.VOLUME XXXVI.PARIS, BOURBON COUNTY, KENTUCKY, TUESDAY, MARCH 6, 1917.THEBOURBONNEWS&fc.rK22 - 'fi;X.""MRH-i.-"! V "VMSiW.Z V .J -."I-f4Filibuster, Led By La Foiiette,Defeats Armed Neutrality BitTHE TOBACCO MARKET. WEALTHY BOURBON COUNTYFARMER MYSTERIOUSLY MISSINGWhile the dates have not been posi 'tively or publicly set for the closing The filing of a suit in the office ofof the tobacco warehouses in, Paris, Circuit Court Clerk Wm. H. Webb,indications are that the end of the Saturday afternoon by Messrs. J. Elseasou is close at hand, and may be nier Eoardman and Charles R. Walls,reached by the fifteenth of this month. Doth of the Little Rock vicinityW. Talbott, ae not as weaiuiy Dacneror tarmer or theheavy last week as the earlier part county, brought to light a case ofor tne season, uue principally to uie- mysterious aisappearance.weather, the heavy snowfalls making Mr. Talboti? who is now in his sev-the roads bad for hauling to the mar- entieth year, is a prominent farmer:ket. Mucih of the tobacco that was and stock dealer of the Ruddles Milhtinferior precinct, where he had spent practi-accounts for the cally his entire life. Several weeksdecline in price. Considering these ago he stud his farm near Ruddlescircumstances the market is well up Mills, this count, for $10,000, and atI ,-ittatwt a-tatTI with other markets in the State, and the same time disposed of. all hisI GUADALAJARA, MEXICO, March. 'ahead of many of them. household goods, stock, cVops, etc.,5. General Candido Aguilar, the pro .lie deposited the money received fromvisional minister of foreign relations, BOURBON WAREHOUSE FRIDAY. ' this sale in one of Ine Paris banks. Aloiuiuny ueuieu uiai me aiexican uov-i MARCH 2. few davs aero he boueht from Mr. TElmer Boardman, of near Little Rock.L T J A RI i F3 J 3 1 though some good tobacco remains against Mr. WmJ1CUOH JUenOUaCea fS mOSl rieBreiinSime IH still unsold. Receipts were not as wealthy bachelorHistory of Any Civilized Nation."-. o r foi.np ,, ... .. , .- , ;ket. Mucin ol tne tobaccoSenator Stone, Democrat, of nsa S" , sold last e.k w of anMfccnnr; On nf Twlv necessary to call an extra sesaion be- S""& SflS."1 JS"!.-1..wuw .!.., ww v . .1 -w . w f()re jate m Jjq sprjngWho Tie hands of President in Great Crisis.i,imi9!IWWW W Mr WfWWIThe Bourbon Tobacco Warehouse Cichtv acres of land near T.ittlP. RonkCompany (consolidated) sold Friday for $9o an acre ana ten acres adjoin119,320 pounds Of tobacco for infr this, from Mr. Ohas. R. "Walls fnrS20.355.62, an average of S1T.05. The illmn sum of 2.500. The deed waquality of the offering of the Bourbon drawn up and was to have been de- $ all the new colors olive greens, pea greens, pearls,"uui na.D uuuui, .u. fuw - uvereu last liiursuay, wun tne ex-to send men to Great Britain under season. Some crop averages follow: press understanding that Mr. Talbottemment has been approached byWASHINGTON, March 5. Twelve Germany with the object of formingSenators led by Senator LaFollette an alliance hostile to the Unitedand encouraged by Senator Stone, States.Democrat, Chairman of the Foreign !Relations Committee, in a filibuster, '. NBW ,Y?RK? March 5. Paricfrationenounced by President Wilson's " "" , n k o7p rspokesmen as the most reprehensible of being American newSpaperm tne nisiury or any civmzea nation, correspondents whose real purposedefied the wi! of an overwhelming was to serve as spies and supply Ger-majority in Congress up to the last many forbidden information as to theminute Sunday and denied to the Pres- civil and military conditions in Eng-ident a law authorizing him to arm land was charged against Albert A.American merchant ships to meet the Sander, Carl W. Wunnenberg and Geo.German submarine menace. Vaux Baoon. m indictments found...... .. . . . A here by the Federal grand jury.Unyielding throughout twenty x K g saiddditnal indicimentshours of continuous session to appeals had been found against other Gei,tf their defiance of the President man agents in this city, to be filedwould be humiliating to the countr ; when it is thought expedient to douncompromising in a crisis described so. The grand jury is to continue itsto them as the most serious to the na- investigation of spy evidence to be an average of $17.96tion since the Civil Mar, LaFollette brought before it by the United Statesnnd his small group of suoporters re- Attorney. Sander and Wunnenbergfused a majority of their colleagues an h C(I bail bonus and werc rc"opportunity to vote on the armed neu- "trality bill and it died with the Sixty- DES M0INES IA March 5. Thefourth Congress at noon. iowa Deparnient of Justice has ruledthat newspapers printing the Ameri-WE KNOW MOWADVANCE SHOWINGOf John B, Stetson Spring Stylesin Soft and StiffiHATSIERY exclusive styles in Stetsons, that only theirs s r ij ITJ exclusive agents can display to the trade. Featherweight, soft, broad brims and medium crowns,T. J. Fleming sold 10,280 pounds for was to Dav the cash down for his nur-an average of 18.83 per hundred chage, tihat being his own proposition,pounds. On Thursday moraine Mr. TalbotlPeed & Kenton Bros, sold 7,930 came to Paris, and drew ail the money 2pounds for an average of $1S.44. ne nad previously deposited there, sayFisher & Fogle sold 5,253 pounds foi mg ne would have to pay out a goodan average of $18.66. part of it for a land deal, and that heR. A. Mitchell sold 3,575 pounds foi .Vanted to get through with it, as he 9an average of $18.32. did. not like to carry so much moneyCaldwell & Thompson sold 10,640 around.pounds for an average of $18.07. , That was the last seen of him inHouston & Jones sold 3,980 pounds paris by anyone, as he did not a(ppearfor an average of $17.96. 'at the office of the attorneys who were aKuster & Son sold 5,005 pounds tor l0 receive the purchase money andi average of $17.96. turn over the deed to him from Board- S-r- o n .. 1l O CO; nnunilo i . .. .-, -, t . ?urennan cc uiay sum i."; ijwu raan aim wans. Jriis irienus anu reia-for an average of $17.59. tives here made a vigorous seirch forMarshall & Moreland sold 4,953 hjm, DUt no clue has been found as Jpounds for an average $17.45. 'to his whereabouts and the fear is ex- &Dodge & Stoher sold 5,G70 pounds pressed that he has been foully dealt gfor an average of $17.25. with.Sha-rard & McWilliams &old 6,070 j Failing to get any trace of Mr. Tal-nounds for an average $17.13. bott. or any reason for his Hidden and 2PEKIN, March 5. The cabinet de- an flag at the (head of their editorial Leer & Bailey sold 3,170 pounds lor , mysterious disappearance. Mr. Board- mr.ided that China should join the Unit- columns or at any other place are ' an average of $17.12. ! man and Mr. Wa5ls filed suit Saturday 0ed States in breaking off relations violating, the Federal law. The stat J Johnson Garrison sold 2,170 pounds ( afternoon in the Bourbon Circiut grith Germany. This decision was ute provides that no flag or represen- for an averatre of $17.04. , Court against Mr. Talbott for $2,500,TiVkYnittAfl in Ihp. PrPSldfint. WllO refUr fnfirni nf 'i flrtr- .chnl? Ve rrintorl nr TJin-cf JC- (Inff Rnld 4.275 DOUndS for , iVhirli tliov nlnim ns f1nmii?TP? n11n?rpf1 Oed to approve the cabinet's action, say stamped on any' article of merchan 'an average of $16.90. to have been sustained through Mr. gstraw color, light and dark shades of tan. There is noother hat made that gives the same service and satisfaction to a customer as Stetson Hate. Some merchantsmay try to convince you otherwise, but do not be deceived. ,Let Your Spring Hat Be a Stetson$4 and $5Our $3.50 Special Hat you will find to be very serviceable 2nd nobby.Nettieton mnmShiioesAre now ready for your inspection. Light weight Russiaand Tan Calf, Vici Kids and Calf. Both in High Cutsand Oxfords. The sensible and serviceable shoes formerBrown & Kenney soiu 6,ovo ,pounu Talbott's alleged failure to fill hisfor an average of $16.92. contract in the purchase of theirCollier & Wall sold 3,540 pounds for iands. in their petition they allege Z"hv several other members of the CaL simonds. the noted writer unon the .in nverace of $16.89. that ho "has left the county to avoid.ing such powers rested entirely with disehim. Premier Tuan Chi-Jui resignedand left for Tien-Tsm, accompanie 1 NEW YORK, March 5. Frank H.Inet.iTont -war -wlin Iijik insfr rpfiirnp.rl I 'Wrt.-inilfnrfl r. Pridemore SOd 2,03o corvinn fnr n Kiinnnnns" Ifrom Europe, arriving on board the nounds for an average of $16.81. ( it -was later learned tliat Mr. Tal-t COPENHAGEN, March 5. Germany Finland, tihe last American ship to I Connel & Myers sold 2,320 pounds ;tJ0tt na(1 soid an jg personal propis now drawing upon 'church bells for leave Liverpool, brought with him the for an average ?16.55. -rm erty to a neiSnDor stating that he Jnr,;ramantc An nrHpr nnnrnnri- storv that in the first fifteen days ofi fiavwood & Prichard sold 5,64( Vould likely have no further use for itV,?t,o. hmn7P rhnrrh hells after March the unrestricted German submarine pounds for an average of $Hi.J.0. He came to Paris and placed his horse gbating be cnui oeiw Mwr xuarcii warfare tbe Bx1Ul disposed of twen- Beecraft & Carter sold 4,260 pound tMl buggj-.in a livery stable, went to 2for an average of $16.09. d the bank, drew out all his deposits,The next sale will be held Monaaj, ami disappeared. ,March 5. ' In his affidavit in the suit v ' gmtlliamiBoiidman says tiliat "Mr. Talbott nasII i BlaRemoiBluiicliex m ipuuB"cu xu i w- L.. fi rarm!)T. cnlATYiT-inoc; nrpnimfOne bell in a chime may be retained .- for v dayin default of other meansjlor .summon-Sag- the congregation to worship, a. TOKIO, March 5. Japan has receiv-Stetson Hats ' Manhattan Shirts Nettleton Shoesrmilation covering the confiscation of ea no proposition from either Mexico BOURBON WAREHOUSE MONDAY no .property in the State subject to-Aluminum cooking utensils also is pub- or Germany, directly or indirectly to MARCH 5. , execution, or not enough to satisfy TELEP!;0NES T0 BE ten orders to the manager of theIWiei J?BZ.2S$L ,,!:y.T"StTei nh nnnmoii Tobacco Warehouse lf'l J?ll 5? l1"!?0 HELD FOR WAR USES. 3IL Sterling exchange were publfehednese roreign minister said. iCompany sold Mojjtey M.,0jpomrfK and ha?goIaaa disposed of his prop-. I '"jaUon '"fsSyed h-e' .PANAIA CITY, March 5. Germanyof tobacco for ?2,256.32, an average of erty With , fraudulent intent to cheat,GRAND LODGE MEETING.Gen. Jack Ritter, of San FranciscoAsterdnv from the hpadniiarfprs nf iiumanner in -.unch the big corporations Cuml;erland Telephone & Telegraphof the country are upholding and co- oo., at Louisville, to the effect thatoperating witfi the U. S. government the Company had withdrawn its streetin the .present crisis between thi3 canvassers from the work of solicitingocuntry and Germany, the Cumberland further business for the company. JtTelephone and Telegraph Company. ,vas said that the manufacturing' Cali., Commander-iii-Cliief of the Pa- which V5wns an(1 operates the Paris ex- piants hitherto busy supplying telft-i. . . -..,. , ,. ., -,t . - ,.. ohnntrn 1.a s;nflfl orders to its mfinfi- ,v ;r.t.....,n r K..nnn, iwARTHnTTSR iiriarcns iUintant ol tne umceu states, - ; : r :7 ;r . :. iju.uii lusuumeuw wi uuwucbb uUAftCinuuoiJ ..,. ,. . ffp.rs p.vnrvA aore in hold tffifiir entire ,;ir ,, . n v..,mm;nn. - .-.. - -- .-rtt-t t- is in i nniqviiip in ihp nrrani'pmpnrs - - lauiu f uac aic uun uuuiuiiub niui iuw, MOISUAY, AiAitott o- ,for the annual meethig of the Sovev BuPPJy ot' reserve instruments until manufacture of field telephones forTdie na-' There was but a small quantity of eign Grand Lodge of Odd Fellows, tc fher ordera .subject ; to the requisi- army USes in the enches and else-... , j ia inff ortn. ---' ' : - . , ... i. nn fhn anr.ri nt this noiisp hp hp u in tint, rir.v. h?-.rmiiir son- """ " w " -" -i""- "- '-- " wuure. aue Vjumueiiauu w., it wer Amsteiianuum &u u . - ; vai appropriation bill was sent toin? " ""."i ",-. Vin 7a hpfnP fmw 17 nV,7 ij-oiw- frn, nil nrf tary use. The orders further specify iearned. is not seekinsr further 1that the long distance and local lines nogs for fear that the orders for newb&s established a submarine base In NBW y0RKf Mardl 5. The six $17.75. Some crop averages follow. Wndep w delay nis creditorthe uuit ot uanen, rauuia . DaSsenger ships of the Amelican line 1 Ben woocnoru & aon um ,ou.,believe. The result of their mvestigo- held -n this harbor Dy the German pounds, average $19.9o. Itions have been reported to officials at blcckade are ready to take on guns as Hutchison & Son sold 4,040 pounds, jWashington. It was asserted by offi- soon as Congress authorizes the gov- average $18.45. ,! !-, ...i, w hoiipva to he ornmAnt. to nrni American merchant I Current & Jones sold 2,4bo pounas,Orman submarine activities in these vessels. A naval constructor and two average $15.39.ntprs s a nart of the German plot, ordinance officers from the navy yardwaters as a part ol uie i continue an inspection of the Ameri-: INDEPENDENTBUENOS AIRES, March 5. Port can line ships.authorities boarded the Dutch steam- WaSHTNGTON. March 5.sent to til? louawu u.t wc "" X..7..7Z1 r" """" "T '... ..""",f ."Trr. t;irv iisP. ThP. ordP.rs further snPoifv 1 a .- - -j ,.i,. v.,rttmmff l.ROO.0000 marks and address- pRidit shortly after 1 o'clock Sat- Monday, a total o: i.4iu pounus oeing ten per 1 uaa eiiows irom 1 parts " - -"-t7Z 7 f-,, "'": "XJ?Jru" ;,. rrc.AfinntiP . "J" : wl, fini Pnn-rrpc:. disnosed of for an average ot j.o.u. 01 tne worm win oe in auenaance at :' 7.,. L :7r,: ," .r.;::: "ao .lUi lcua "IttU .tllC-u,m to tne vreixud.il m.i.- --- uructy uwituus, .. "" o Voifrp follow: this mppHnir. ure "" wmea l uu yiucuu ill tuu teleohones cannot be niied.. . , . A.-. Con i 1 ,- WnD oVnn tVlP PnotP SOIHe Ol U1C CIOJ U-VClttfeCO Wii. uuu mccuiife.randanMontevideo. The authori- agring to Uie conference reports Re mon f glch ,. M80ties also confiscated a large quantity previous a-u u, . -jjedses & Faulconer sold 2.365Jof unstamped German mail. WASHINGTON March 5. Naval' pounds for ?373.t5; average $15.7 1.. . . . 'Zfo.utHon officials re J. W. Redmon sold 160 pounds forBERNE, (via Pans,) March &. . ir,OTlB . t Senator stone's disclosure ?24.00; average $.15.45.The recent report that the Austro- senate debate that the nav!Hungarian Government nas ueusiuuii- had planned equipping merchant'NEW CYNTHIANA HOSPITALdisposal of the United States military.authorities without cost, and thatsuch business is to be given right-of-Jway over all private messages, evento the total exclusion of the latter.MEETING OF CREDITORSA meeting of the creditors of Mr.Jas. H. Batterton, who recently filedA new hospital is to be incorporat- Ir. was stated that the manufacturersed at Cynthiaua. Stockholders of the of telephone equipment are short of petition in involuntary bankruptcy iold Harrison Hospital have signei raw material with which to make in- the U. S. District Court at Frankfort,ucuu "tt . ;" had planned equipping mercuum POR MARCHTERMed to make every ettort to maun mi ghips with light, swift submarine CIRCUIT COURT HEAVY, mgs, assets and liabilities, and the each exchange may be called upon to city, at ten o'clock, Kn Wednesdayover to the new company all its hold struments, and tihat in case of war will be held in the court house in thkings, assets and liabilities, and the each exchange may be called upon to city, at ten o'clock, Kn WednesdayI Rev. C. Y. L7jey, chairman of the so- furnish a pro rata proportion of the morning, March 14. The meeting willp?imn.ft relations with the United ors to guard them against subo-, ,-c norrnhomtPd bv information marines in the prohibited zone. -,. Momi, torm of ihp Rourbon Cir-1 citing committee, with his assistants, nrivate ecmipment of the community, he presided over by Hon. A. M. Cox,ronnr- here from Vienna. The . ' uit Court which begins next Mon M. C. Swinford, W. H. Lail, T. E. A NEWS man asked Manager II. of Cynthiana, Referee in Bankruptcy,reacmnfe iicic nmT.TM March 5. The admiralty v'. . . t. r i, v.ajJ Kintr. R. V. -Riahon S W nantin r. T4 m f tho Pnric Pvohnntrp rP-'xt-ho -a-Hl hPnr thft npHHnn. and taltftstrong impression pre man, t.hft followine: announcement to- Ga?-' ,? .- T t,io- Woo Hip'C. Rice. A. Goldbersr. C. A. Rpnakpr rmrriin thPRP ordP.rs. hut. he. heirnr a.'n.r.tfnn in reeard to settinjr a. date fornon-com- tlie public sale o stock, fixtures, etc.he had, for the benefit ot Mr. Batterton'sCommonwealth funds.. The sum desired is ?10,000. heard something regarding the mat I creditors.of grace anouea tor saums 400 cases 0n thethe Atlantic. Jjrom tins uate " (1nn,.pf. ther6 are thirty-eight cases,LONDON. March 5. A wireless special warnings will be givn to any ( arc indictments for alleg. . a.t, . wninicii '. t .!,. tMAn " --. - ... i 1! ed mnrder. The retrial ot the case ot $(dispatch received from tihe Spanish 'Doats by submarinesateamer Infanta lsauei, '""I ,James W. Gerard, the former Amen j'Lee Deaver for the killing of Sidney. gmttntiMiittnnt'. .,1 i. Al.t tnum nf Eles w. ueraiu, ":-nA his! WASHINGTON. March 5. Ger G. Uiay, wm come uy ui uu im . -Ambassaaor to oci..j, " " , ,i?VOvori tn fhP stat,- 1o nnRRPneers. says: many, m .. .-.. - .VI I 1 V CXI '"- - T -w-t J . lv ! fc-J 111 l I I I M I .!&. V - V W S ."Plnlsterre. 8:30 p. m. W - "WJ m-B release cases, 68 old ordinary cases, equity."m. .-.-. 4 -4 -. rf-f 1Tin Tl MM r Tk.ranint.nnnthei5ev ."The aocket comprises 278 old equity S. r n -n a-af- .iiiiu ,' a -'-assett uenuu.li "&r. .. r ; .. - ,. i m-tennorc: on ATnrr.lx aDDearance cases uim -o wuij h iu..cident. Weatnerjeugnuu, -"- &. relations ,,H Pearance se. The Com-nweaitnr.nl.. March 5. have been compiiea witn Dy tnai. uate. "- -"i" -Q cof frtr -trial SI ill mil 1UU1UC1 Viiioco, o, i- w. i?CHICKEN THIEVES BUSY.on the second day of the term.UNFORTUNATE-ACCIDENT.. -. -mT k vrrTcr,nFraBopp, former German consul ,ceneral, under pnson sentence , a Jresult of conviction u "rf.t Ssainst the neutrality of the umiw chicken thieve have been unusuallyStaes, denied tiliat he was, i ' "" busy around Paris these cold winterof German agents in Mexican we & arge number o losse3j As she was crossing the icy paverjorts The agents were said f0n nave heen re,ported to the Paris police. ment in front 'of her home -on Duncannegotiated purchases of coal ror uer Saturday night the marauders broke avenue yesterday morning to take aman war snips. jnto tne nen xiuuac . mc "" - conveyauuo lu cue x-i x. . , -WASHINGTON, Marchc Pniui- Misses Julia and Mary McCarthy, on SalUe Hedges slipped and fell, strik-5-TT(lu:winc.hpster street, and stole six fine ine the back, of her head. She was"- -' .,. rnnnar i-jprmau . . , , ,. xt.x.. w. . - . - h.. i.i.von Bernstorll, me ' "- Rhode Island ilea Jiens. iiie uneve;. rendered unconscious Dy tne uiuw.Embassador, was instructed froni er- tracked a considerable distance ' Mrs. Hedges was taken into theV-n to arrange the dismantling ot uei- trackS in the fresh snow, leading fcc-iise, and ja. physician summoned.' ian war bound ships in Amer;" in the direction of Claysville, but, were who rendered medical aid.barbors at the same time he receivea There being aQ negro cam? Mrg Hedge3 andj Mr and Mrs. Wm5ie Zimmerman note for transmission ineetiug in progress it is hard to u:i Grimes had plannedUo leave for Florto Mexico. t 4. ,otsh of derstand the activity, of the thieves ida yesterday morning and it wa-?This added tairead in Uie mesn o tWg Ume of the year .while making preparations for depart-German intrigue spun around tins jure Mrs Hedgeg met with theXTnntrv while Germany was still pro RECEIVE FINE DOG. .unfortunate accident, which caused aSuns friendship, was allied to be- c e Jn thcir plansX town with the inference that gj. received aSi and detailed instructions ro, u r wa p DISTRICT MEETING.." -nomctorff from Berlin to maw. j-, famous kennel-rar by this country impossible. Atlantic, Iowa. This handsome bird The Knights of PytMas District Ir Trpci dog will head the noted kennel or the Meeting for the section including 1 2WASHINGTON, March 5. rre-i- Bn)S They have a very selecu Paris and Bourbon county, will begnJ,f wjiscn (has no intention ol wj xu T,ODUlar breed of dogs and held in Cynthiana on Thursday, Marching action that would bring war making it a very, popular and 22, instead of Tuesday, March 7, osjflrmany unless vuub - orofltable business ana are umppin previously auuuuucu. u7il2S in extra session. This was ,pro u of Uie untry j ot jparis, will send representa-. l?SS.i!itd to Senate leaders hi e.Pcof the ired' bird dog.- tives-to.the meeUng. -ii:99mm98C3Oa: Aft - , tSSt"l?feiU J ' 1 liaeJteMiiQ nCisMgOj! MARCH 12th AIND13fchWm4 Item. fe1Siils assa H m mm rA Mmsjrw i R" p- waisn Jwm$&11 I IJ ' GEO. O'BRJEN t ilJJVZZZT . i : . . i . iv .;::,. .:.'ii. ,.'.51s-.-t:vs' ?;vV -VsitI..ijI5'VI"PAGE TWOThfi Rmirlinn "MaJ'-"" ' --. -"w- . . -v vv - .Established 1881 35 Years of Con-tlnuous Publlcstion. Itoiisned avery Tuesday and Friday, build bridges, or.dig ditch if need be trips from New York to Frisco.e ieir .ul &ix ivioiims.i.oo They see tnat nothing orevei.ts their "During 1916 our ileet ofCWIFT CHAMP, Editor and Owner, of sex. For this they were in no New York to San Francisco and re. I wisejflrcsponsible. TQie limitations of turn, and they used upwards of 390,00iEntered at the Paris, Kentucky, this"sex accident can, apparently be gallons of gasoline," said Dr. W. 0-Postoffice as Mail Matter of the wholly eluded by the simple expe'i- Geer, Chief of the Development Dc'Second Class.) CRt of cutting their hair, an J dinning par'raent of the B. P. Goodrich Com7 -: a man's suit, shoes and hat. pany as he was leaving for WashingTrtPtTfi! ' T"1 the' As lar as Ph'sical bilitv is C01" ton recently.tSffi SngS'-, .? them would "get by' This statement was given out a;way appear in the rolaanii of THB m disguise, were they not betrayed six of tne test cars left for the SoutBOURBON NEWS mil lu gladly cor- hy something feminine in their appeir- where they will avoid the snow coracted if b'rought to attention of the ance, or through some of the embar- ored roatfe of Ohio for the noxt secditor. .rassments of the situation. No doub eral months in making their strenu' Pt conventional exclusion of wome.i ous tests of the Goodrich productsADrERTISING RATESDisplay Advertisements, $1.00 per in disregarding the laws -of tne State in Northern Ohio and since this mileinch for flrst time; 50 ceiits per inch n1 social customs. . ase is considered imperative bv iftch subsequent insertion ' It i of course, a proceeding not to Operating Committee it decided fciReading Notices, 10 cents per line be onoouraed. Men and women are transfer the work to a field where rach issue; reading notices in black not yet arrived at that sexless state can be carried n without any interxj pe, m cents per im. oacn tssue.Cards of thanks, tills on camiidates, obituaries and resolutions, andUI,,,U mallW iU I ,l"r;-Special rates for large advertise-'jiients and yearly contracts. jThe right of publisher is reservedto decline any advertisement or other;.-matter for publication. '.Announcements for political offices,must invariably be accompanied byHie cash.ANNOUNCEMENT.We are authorized to announce the-good Democrats below as candidiatesAt the Democratic primary on August4, 1917, to fill the offices to which--they aspire:FOR STATE SENATORLEE W. WAINSCOTT,Clark County.GEORGE HON,Clark County.' t ABRAM RENICK,Clark County.FOR COUNTY ATTORNEYDAVID D. CLIXE.tCOUNTY SUPERINTENDENT OFSCHOOLS.J. B. CAYWOOD.FOR JAILERGEO. W. JUDYTHOS. TAUL, 'JOHN H. DOTY,WALKER RISER,C. T. MASTERSON,W. O. BUTLER.JOHN W. KING,J. W. HART.FOR ASSESSORWALTER CLARK,S.Srf' WIth Jn? J-Jledmon' of Nortl,L.,Y,frily if spring waf''Just over theVfnnlomirn qc riomnv IVill o ilnw km onmofhintr miicf hnvpa..t.. U, U.U VtV,l..J .GEO. D. SPEAKES,o Paris, with Lee R. Craven, of Little.Rock, at Deputy.FOR MAYORJAMES H. MORELAXDfFOR POLICE JUDGECLAUDE F. REDMON,J. W. BROWN,P. A. THOMPSONHARRY L. MITCHELLERNEST MARTINc -EDITORIAL MUSINGS.e- o0.-4Making Militia Service Attractive.It is generally admitted that thTniliua organizations of the severa' Ihere is only one way to cure dealStates as a whole are not efficiently ness, and that is by constitution! 1JAnnUr.J .l ....u i .. isource in case of war Sottp qtatP iiiflamed condition of the mucous lh-2 verl d mi Ha fnf w Z Z of the Eustachian Tube. WhenlJJl,y' inflamed you have a-the country as a whole this is not the WIns sound or imperfect hearingfe i i- . . an(i when it is entirely closed, deaf-xu. miiy lUwuuLKjb uie xauonai wtuaru Less js tlie result, and unless the inis not a popular organization. This flammation can Le taken out and thisTsoay be partly because these forces ! tube restored to its normal condition,jutq sometimes used to put down j hearing will be destroyed forevei ;trikes. If the State officials reso-.i'ine cases out of ten are caused bylfjlv nrp.vPTit thp cniiUor-r from fo. ' Catarrh, whieh is nothintr but an in--voring either side in such quarrels-and merely protect life and property.-this element of unpopularity wouldlartrelv disannprjrgeiy Qisappear.Some of the States build handsomearmories with pool tables, bowlingalleys, dance floors. They turn theboys loose in this pleasant club lifewithout expense.Yet there is in maiiv Inp.ali.fo. s Itendency to slur the militia forcebjstipatlon3tfany humorists always refer to then' jas "tin soldiers." Considering how Ithese tin soldiers respondec in the ,Spanish war. these humorists prob-jably never offered themselves forAny purpose of national defence"Militia reeimpnts havp ;fimptim x u"ow" "1W "" kjwc .y nao a weu, piayiui uunu as:uui. iuibuMmiJ mcoiviTL s"metime,fc has lost a highly capable officer and simpiy will not take time from playdiscredited themselves by too much first class fighterf while the UnIted tQ J t their bowels and they beigh jinks at their encampments, states as a nation -has been deprived ' come tightly packed, liver gets slugWlth a lot of youn? fellows loose bv . of the services of a loyal patriot and gjSh and stomach disordered,themselves, red blood boils over. I an honest man. The city of San Anto-1 When cross, feverish, restless, seeThetse sporty encampments have not nio, in particular, has lost a sincere if tongue is coated, then give this"been nearly so much of a factor in re- and disinterested friend. ! delicious "fruit laxative." Childrencent years, since efforts have been I General Funston was easily the most iOVe it, and it can not cause injurysaade to improve these organizations SrlcJuJ8S? R&1? in lH araJy , Ue'No difference what ails your little oneThere is a. lot of warm natriotisr United States. His varied and advent-, if full 0f cold, or a sore throat, dirir7JlLJur0VLB career' his sturdy cnaracter rhoea, stomach-ache, bad breath, rein the average young American. ThU marked by intense loyalty to his,member, a gentle "inside cleansing"feeling is very much of a motive in friends among all classes of people si10Uld always be the first tfeatmemseeking enlistment A we.l conduct-J mad him one apart from the major- j 8iven. Full directions for babiesed militia develops manliness and ity of men. - children of all ages and grown-ups arc-physical self-command, and is entitled I Throughout his life General Funs- printed on each bottle,to support from all goood citizens. ton mad(? a success of whatever he. Beware of counterfeit fig syrups.undertook. Now that his work is fln-'sk your druggist for a 50-cent. bot-Women Who Pose As Men Ished exceedingly few mistakes will tlc of .'California Syrup of Figs,"Women Who Pose As Men. Ibe found ,n ,L Certainlyf whatever then look earefullv and see that it 'isEvery once in a few days one reads he did for his country was well and n.a(ie by the "California Fig Syrao-in tihe newspapers of some case of a wisely done. In the larger and ber- Company." We make no- smaller size-woman who has disguised herself in ter sense ot the word he was pro-, j.land uack witJi contempt any otherTeiLs clothes, and has gone out to.. . naitin nnmmnniv r.no.iwo u-i "- w. j -.-BY a man. i. ivuttuiy iuuic cue tuuiijore cases oi tnese aiu ses uui x-aerer uisruvruu, ui n. icao. .immA Tiiiiiir it is tne lawiess.-anajrresponsible en4 of the generaljent for; jJrper conditions forJJ yt4& rVMlrt. fHHIfl&TlB1 ?01?f?I T. vi-t" W 'L. :ui. w" -zltI MZZJZ' " O 1. TA"""""" ?nni-sini Ksrrnn j?ru rnainnirsnnn: rmiithrown about their sex seem not'merely absurd, but unjust They feel. HJPJ - -: wr . J, te lperfectly competent to run street cars,pay at some strenu-ous occupation, excent the accidentfrom certain employments seems oonfair that they feel conscience clearw ?(. Qn where thev an herd, to-rether proraiscnously. But some ofthe prejudices tiiat hinder the ad-.. ' .,. , .- 1T,uw ol wn1- WIltM1 kiiokvu w uwomen, should so disappear that nowoman wonkl have the shadow ot rea-son far posing as a man.The men who object to the entranceof women into some new Held areusnallv the inefficient and unsuccess--SI -a''earning a mansful, who fear lest they could not stand I though it was all fun, but I sooifeminine competition. The sense of had tiiis taken out of me for I havfairness has long ago said that any to make at least 150 miles during tlKwork that a woman can do without in- day and then turn my car over to ajury to herself should) be open to her night driver who also makes 150on even terms. (miles. We keep a complete record ofevery tire and the tires as well as(the cars are inspected by the factoryDISAGREEABLE WEATHER SENDS"SPRING OVER THE HILL"The Paris people who went around on the road with a car and nothing toa few days ago singing "Spring's just do but wear out the tires is a pleasover the hill," because one warm day" ure that soon develops into a serioushappened along, must have felt very business.'much di?c niccmed the otlipr morn- "The Goodrich Company insists thating, when they woke up and found n, pt rnr drivors not "op.1v observeiwhat a disgragreeable change hadjcome over the face of their landscapeJ Tie man...l. 1 .1 ...U..WIIU (JUllLIUlt) IUU CHLUUIjbusiness stietched himself just a lit-itle bit iro l.i on that morningapparently, in an eftort to hip keepup the ground hog's reputation. Folflowing a period of one or two warmJdays ther came a heavy fall of rain.I which later turned into sleet, hail andI then a mixed mass of heavy, wetsticky snow that soon clogged up thee of iTmort dtoblV of the Pleated for th, territory betweenseason. Walking was almost impos- San Francisco and Jacksonville, Fla..Isible on the pavements, and the melt uill soon be asked to stir themselvesjing snow soon converted the streets in an effort to secuie the Midlandinto pools and puddles of sticky, mush Trail iior Paris and Bourbon county.J slush a hundred times worse than the The only portion ot tdiis great highi heavy snow of some weeks ago. Jwnv ih is now in doubt is thej happened to the machine, and cause1.!"" " Vii,r u0v, UUUA.bmU(3 XXAUUX """it to get in reverse borne way.The heavy snow interfered veryseriously with the telephone serviceof both the Cumberland and HomeTelephone companies, breaking downi wires. Several phones were burnedjout by breaking wires becoming cross-,ed with Hre alarm and electric lightI wires, m East Paris, putting the telephones out of commission. The ser-! vices in the country districts was alsocrippled by breaking limbs from trees1 falling across the lines. The slushmade traveling on the county roadf.fr O!on pvoApHincrlv d,iKa?rRP.ahle nron-si-tion..... .., 0.. c . 1DEAFNESS CANNOT BE CUREDthe commercial bodies of those threeby local applications, as they cannu cities, in concerted movement to sereach the diseased portion of the ear ..r1 n,,-, nrpit flii-hwavromoHinc noofnace is nnzirtr'i Iw onflamed condition of the mucous sur- made. Aside from this they would bejfa?Ters- . . , , n big factor in advertising the townsL We W1" g'e One Hundred Do lais through wbidi they would pass, tojfor any case of Deafness (caused bythe people of the hole country.catarrh) t2iat cannot be cured by, Hall's Catarrh Cure. Send for cir-culars freeF. J. CHENEY & CO.,Toledo, Ohio.J Sold by Druggists,I DC.PillsTake Hall's Familyfor con(adv-mar)GENERAL FUNSTON.j In the death of General Frederick. n,-c4-rf-fcn 4-Vrv TTnif nrl CfntAn li r oeminently a bucubiui muii, anu ncwas at ?11 times and places, and under-aU couitions, a manlymanThe nation has lost a soldier whom,t ilL spare at aDy time, and least0I an JUSI llow. jtiis aeaui nas leit a- vafanev,in tn arrav wnicn will not hi.move- adequately filled for a long time to he Iia(f eeir from the- South. Nash-. w r md - -. ,. p t VIIIIII1IIIMI II W I mill .11111 1 I W f- V III K HII IIwomen. come. t iTilie Banner. I tIV.' -J, I 1. " - i i -jHIIBS -BOURBON mTEWS, PAJSS, ICf.s"EST CARS MAKE 4;G8412 B. .J ?x.MILES DURING 1916-T' .. r r -V. ..:Gao-lrlcli tire-testers must- averagf300 miles per day equal to 630 roiractire testc img cars iraveiej ,oao,i nineshich is equivalent to 630 trips fron'The cars hive been unable to raakthe required 300 miles cvpry 24 hourmotion.At Chattanooga -tiiie present ileetwill be increased by five new carsS f A1.,., !. nro will ho n .1.t t.ui.c t.. . ,.. -ded, bringing the entire number up c14 cars Avith a crew of 37 men, aiiexpert drivers who enjoy a recorfor 1916 that was free from accidents"When 1 began driving one of thesetest cars." said one ot the driversexperts every morning oeiore wostart out It is pleasant enough tobe a t-ourist. but to be turned loos-, comiminity throughL ,.,,. iT. . . . . t. . 1IlctWHICH U1UV UiUUl, ull uiW "'" .exercise every precaution that tendsto promote tne baieiy rn-si men.-,... --- . 5.1TO TAKE UP PARIS ONTHE MIDLAND TRAIL.The Paris Comme-cial Club and allcitizens of Paris, who are interesteiin the National highways which aret h , , between Lexington andj ...Ashland, and it is the intent of thecities along the line to have theTrail located so as t-o pass throughParis to Maysville 'line AiaysvuieChamber of Commerce has preparedan(j forwarded a letter to that effectto the Paris Commercial Club. Theother route that has been (Pr0posedf Lexington to Ash., " x, . . ? ,nnnnnland through a mountainous sectionof the State where road buildingAsmild be an enormous task. Thiswould cut out Pans and Jiourooncounty, and Maysville and Mason.. rnn ,rniii '.'? nnrl m cpphtpUWUU.LJ'. XU auiu i" "" " ww... wthe co-operation of Paris, and Manchester and Portsmouth, O., the Maysville Chamber of Commerce has inau-gurated a get-to-gether campaign withThe value of this National highwayto Paris is a matter which should beof tne &reateot interest to every cit.en of Bourbon co.aity. During thetourist season, which is now close arhand, these popular highways aretraversed by from five to fifteen cars, day, witn an average 01 ioui noii.day, with an average of four peopleto a car, wnicn win urmg lj x-u.daily twenty-five to fifty visitors, whowould spend from 2 to $5 each inthe towns where stops would beLOOK AT A CHILD'STONGUE WHEN CROSS,FEVERISH AND SICK.(Take No Chances! Move PoisonsFrom Liver and Bowels at Once.IIo4ihers can rest easy after giving"California Syrup of Figs," because inn fo.w hours nil t.ho. clorred-UD waste.sour bile and fermenting food gentlymoves out of the bowels, and you have'Saufley bought it about five years ago11 l tf.l .1!1.1 . I f1l Jl 1M . Hfig syrup(adv)An American held in Iceland ns ncor.onio. - i rvninn env wn rpiMooriWJ UW W wVfc v . mMfJ -v u -wwf&AUle"n it was found ne u pnni0ttllcejie Word "squirrel" correctly. That- uji....., .,.i i. ,.i,,i y,rr-Jtf'SfcW"TffNLAGGREETS FOld Hots! m Tells How H;Got Bsck Gcod Humor."Tfll!Ti)HE SAYS"Yrou're sure looking good thesedays. Where'd you get the smile?"That's the way his friends now ze?1:Toseph Kolb, who lives at the Sherwood Hotel in Cincinnati. Mr. Kolb,$A?i&&sswns v i r wse, V jeT !ZW$XI s"S..v. " - jx.' . i2i5- ""Wttz '-&tf&2!."3l. .r7z?4 ' Jf'2Ttr5-37,V-:,nm.JOSEPH KOLB.was in the hotel business in Cincinnati for 20 years and is well knownall over Ohio and Kentucky."That's my Tanlac Smile' and Igot it after T.mlac had built up myrun-down system," is Mr. Kolb's answer. "But I couldn't alwavs smile thisway," Mr. Kolb said. "For severalyears I was bothered by a dropping ofmucus in my throat. It made me'grouchy' because I couldn't get rid ofit. It got on riy nerves, too, and keptme awake nights.Began Losing Weight."My stomach went back on me, andnaturally I lost my appetite. Icouldn't eat much without being sickafterwards. I suffered from bloatingand, belching gas after eating. I hadthat tired, heavy feeling, too, and itseemed as if I just had to drag myself around. "When I began to cutdown on my meals I started to loseweight, too, and my friends got worried about me.N"One of them suggested that I tryTanlac and I did. I am glad to saythat it helped me back to health. I'vegot a man-sized appetite now and caneat anything I want without suffering afterwards. I don't have thatheavy feeling in my stomach aftermeals. My food digests without anytrouble and I know it is because Tanlac has .fixed me up.Glad to Praise Tanlac."I am gird to pass the good wordalong to anyone who is suffering likeI did. I know Tanlac will do themsome good. It sure fixed me up.That's whv I'm wearing this 'TanlacSmile."'Tanlac, the master medicine andreconstructive tonic, is sold exclusively in PARIS by Varden & Son.Other exclusive asjents in nearbytowns are as follows:, HTJTCHIS0N Snell & Wood: M .ILBRSBURG, W. G. Wadell; ELIZABETH, Oscar Smith; CARLISLE.Tureman & Son; GEORGETOWN, 0.H. Arnold; WINCHESTER, Duty DmCompany; AU3TERLITZ, B. S. Parrish. (adv)STANFORD INTERIOR-JOURNALIS SOLD R3R RECORD PRICEWhat is said to have been a record price for a country newspaperwas paid at Stanford, Saturday, whenMr. J. H. Wright purchased the Stanfor Interior-Journal from Mr. S. M.Saufiey for $25,000. The Inte.ior-Jour-nalwas established in I860, and wa3conducted for twenty-five years byCol. W. P. Walton, ot L-exington. Mr.from IIr. Edward Walton, at aboutQialf the figure he sold it for. Mr.Wright is a young farmer of nearStanford. The Interior-Journal isissued semi-weekly.WANTED!You to get our Free Catalogof Fruit and Shade Trees, GrapeVines, Shrubs, Roses, Rhubarb,Asparamis, Strawberries, SeedPotatoes, Dahlias, Etc.Evervthing for the Orchard,La'.vre a,v,d Garden.Mg agersts.HF.Hilienmeyer &Sons. j1917'1S41LEXINGTON, KY.(feb 16-lm).t fs 4omllu015" HO?? f -rr"5s .- jI"1& Jwnjjt:Gsssregrgii.yiH ifjLOW ROUNDI 11 1 rfIN EFFECTvol JL Jhj &ymsm.V!AReturning, Tickets wllkfee Accepted to Reach StartingPoir M Later Than Midnight of rWarch 21st.This i the season when the Crescent City is mdelightful uud a visit t ill be thoroughly enjoyedTickets unci cletculec! intormatlon t;lcll' fiimis.liticl lyCity Ticket Office, 118 East ftiain Street, P3ione 49or oclclresi-,1-J.C KING. Divisioji Passencor Auent, LKin2ton. l.y."$$$ae$a$eee9erocese99&ft9ftSt88tft0e3M-9kourbonDWIS & FUNK, Prop.Telephone No. 4. West 5 Streetmoe99jIBourbon L1Paras Kentucky tttt8$95383tettttHHttttttf5IHQatCiiitlttt!TtIt4i.T.iTiiT.rtT.rfMMV...T..T..j..T..T..T....y...j..p,,.l Ammrxi hearse or ajsbdi anceI desire to an: - to oor friends that I can, where desired.furnish an auto' i hoarse or ambulance. This method oftransportation ij especially desired on long trips, the same being made in better time, and at no advance in cost over thehorse-drawn conveyance.GEO. W. DAVIS, Funeral Director..4aT..T.T...l7.......,T......T..2.....2..,f.,,j, j t l fr-fr ; I' ! ! '"Toss of aNOW GOING ONSuits and OvercoatsOhoeSj Jratsand furnishingsTWINClothing and Shoe Dept.HERE IS A GOOD PLACE TO STOP FOR LITTLE MONEY.LOUISVILLE HOTEL, Louisville, Ky., Main St., bet 6th & 7th.The Only Hotel In Louisville Operated on the American and European PlansAMERICAN PLAN Rooms without Bath but with Hot and Cold Runnlnawater (With Meals)75 Rooms single,50 Rooms Single,50 Front Rooms Single,Rooms with Private Bath:,50 Rooms single,50 Rooms single,EUROPEAN PLAN Rooms withoutwater wixnoui meats;75 Rooms Single, $1.00 per day; 2 people, 0.75 each50 Rooms single, 1.25 per day; 2 people, 1.00 ench50 Front Rooms single, 1.50 per day; 2 people, 1.25 eacaRooms with Private Bath:50 Rooms single, 1.50 per day; 2 people, 1.25 ech50 Rooms single, 2.00 per day; 2 people, 1.50 eachTHE OLD INN, Louisville, Ky., Car. sth and Main Sts., European Plan Only.Rooms Without Bath, $1 and up; Rooms With Private Bath, $1.50 and up., f BEST EATING PLACE IN TOWN."The Louisville Hotel and the Old Inn are located in the wholesale district!and only a' three-block's .walk to the retail district and theatres. -f Louisville:! tote! and Old- -FRIDAY, MAUCH 3, M17ORLEANS!TRIP FARESy3.37FRGIV3LEXINGTONRAILWAY riSTEMfEEmSEZZSaSESSSaLaundrye:Shibvdctm is OarWichwordVith all the latest improvements in laundryappliances and experthelpers we are preparedto do work inferior tonone, and solicit yourpatronage.mmmauftcsry . 5Coin"Prop?2.00 per day;2.50 per day;3.00 per day;3.00 per day;3.50 per day;2 people, $2.09 each2 people, 2.25 each2 people, 2.50 each2 people, 2.75 each2 people. 3.00 eachBath but with Hot and Cold RunningInnCompany, Props. t:SaleL. Wollsf.iii- fv ftrfaTUESDAY, FEBRUARY 27, 1917.THE BOURBON NEWS,PARIS, KY.PAGE THRST' f- x.)SALESMEN!LIFT YOUR CORNSOFF WITH FINGERS. Do you want to sell something that Teis How to Loosen a Tender Corneverybody needs? Something that, or Callous So It Lifts Outeverybody is familiar with? Some-1 Without Pain.- ttiing that everybody wears? Then 'write to THE FINEBRAND RAINSOCIAL AND PERSONA!.Comings and Goinrs of SurPeople Here, There and jgLlsewherps&ososoeiMiYou reckless men and women who Mrs. Gus Christman has returned 9ivrltKS SUPPLY GO.RCBNEEL BU3LD2NG, COR. EIGHTH AND MAIN, PARIS, KY.COAT COMPANY, HIPPODROME are nestM-Pil with rnrnq i7Z w f -7 , .. n uas reiurnea ;-rvrr. nrwror xt .i :.,- are pestered witn corns and who have from a visit to relatives n Danville 2"1 XrTinr w V;: ,. !.?,; ? I1?81. OMe.a Mk e11 M lu' -Miss Elizabeth Steele is Yisit!nL"3 Pvopihino fSiA STaKmaK WQr5c o I nwoe Pnccilc DfiAC fcrclUcj.g -jr c.wH,BflH .wp -ww, a w.xr . ..,. j;A!! Our Goods the Best That Money Can Buy. Buy the Best at a Savingof From 5 to 25 Per Cent.particularsadvance.We paycommission in doath from lockjaw or blood poison in Knoxvillo, Tenn., and o'herv-OLi are now told by a Cincinnati authority in the South.to use a drug called Freezone, which Miss Carolyn RoseberryisFound.,the moment a few drops are applied home from a pleasant visit to Mrs. Jlo any corn or cauous tne soreness 13 B. McKee, in Versailles,relieved and soon the entire corn or Mr. and Mrs. William Grimes and'oallniis. rnnt nnH nil liffa rfF wiHi flm "M.o aoii;n tr.i i. . ., , .., .. vtt W1 io. oamc xaeugeij ieit yesteruay iorA nice raincoat was found at the nugers. a trlip to points in Florida.Traction Co.'s office on Saturday Freezone dries the moment it is ap- Mrs. Joseph Martin has returnednight. Owner can have same by pay plied, and simply shrivels the corn or to her home -in Cynthiana after a visitmg lor tins advertisement and (proving cauous witnout inuaming or even lrn- to Mr. and Mrs. Forrest Fightmaster.at '99, property.(27-3t):19Three unfurnished rooms at No. 73iaung tne surrounding tissue or skin Eld. and Mrs. J. T. Sharrard,i a smau ootue ot Freezone will cost have returned from a visit to Mrs. W zvery little at any of the drug stores, K. Griffith, near Broadwell, in Harri- 5out win positively rid one's feet of son county.wmmeInlin IWrP Farn ImnlprnPTBTQ Three-horse Plows, guaranteed to scour in any .J 01111 ieere rami impiemeniS. iand. Breaking Plows, 50-60 Tooth Harrows, fc.Cutting Harrows, Corn Planters, Walking and Riding Cultivators, Sirjgle, Double, Three andFour Shovel Cultivators. Mowers, Self Dumping and Bull Rakes-, Binders, Drills, Wagons,Manure Spreaders, Garden Plows. 'Oliver Chilled, Vulcan and Syracuse Point3 40c each.J. I. Case Tobacco Transplanters. All we ask of you is, before you buy take a look at ourmachinery and we will show you why you should buy John Deere Machinery.r UK KLIN i . evnZ"arTr or soa, cor? r I'ned Mlss EdUh stjvers has returneda ,,frniBl,rf m . ,,, S1"?"8- " 5UI d??15' Wasn't.. any. lu Newport atter a visit t0 he.NOTICEparStivers, onCypress street.Mr. L. B. Keal and' daughter, MissElla Louise Keal, have returned fromThe most .progressive development ' jnclSer '" "'i' reuiiniK iih. t::iii nii if :i r unv wnnin x - t -. . --.Wnlknr nvpnuo Wnt o i.i ,,,.. ,. , ,?:. - ; " . f". r. anu lurs. J. 11... .w.v.w. .liwi, uuu vuiu n uic s:iih itiiit nnimp mr vnn inriiriand other conveniences. Call Home'Phone 339. (ian30-tn i ADt ik! -tdacci mnc' nn i iii uni i iw uuiul.1in the post which stands at the intercrrHT T 4-x e 4- r r I --- 4-V -. I -suuu ut "" ancc niiu oaiiia unc INieSSrSAlex Rice. Charles P.RffPPtivo frnn, dnto nf i7 ji Q,- ,aatolst w "lio to Uie Uiglit" has been Mann, Allie Rowland and ThomasneSons mechanics Ld' Innl'' made by the Httle City f Md6St0 ar2 Marsh were on a Prospecting trip idSh SSl wfffnH P ?PVJ' bcing made artistic and ornament21 Spencer county last week,merchants, etc., are notified not to concealing their utilitarian purpose as icharge to my account or extend credit far as possible. TJiey are built of ! Ned Wallace Brent, little son ofm my name except a written order concrete, cast in a decorative mould,! Mr. N. Ford Brent, who has been IPfrom the undersigned, authorizes tae Pna topped .by a concrete basket at his home on Pleasant street farsame. This notice forbidding unau- v,hich holds ferns or flowering plants several days, is improving.LIW11.WU weuiL applies equany to aiiJust belov the basket and set in theorders for labor, materials, repahs, thickness of the post is the red lamietc., supplies to tenants of my prop- which warns drivers at night,ernes, or to any person, except aponwritten order signed as below.NELLIE S. HIGHLAND.(feby27-tf)SPRING COLDS ARE DANGEROUS.Notice To me Public! 'Ms?Sudden changes of temperature andunderwear bring spring colds withfluffed up head, sore throat and geniru cum syiuiJiums. .. uusts ui uvDiscovery is sure relief,combination of antisepticMrs. Curtis P. Smith, who hasbeen a guest of Mrs. W. II. RenickMr. and Mrs. Duncan Bell and Mr. andMrs. B. M. Renick, in Paris, for several days, will return this week to herhome in Dallas, Texas.I linlenrtici nlonre tlir liror1 orrflioc? film ... ... ...I will pay this season the nighesi ' . tZ TlnZri S tmiXt ?"tertai"mg L .su??5 r.aa"! V. ..-. o--- mi. iuiss ksuuiu uuvis. ine iuslPUBLIC SALE!Thursday, March 8, 1917,6 AT 2 O'CLOCK, P. M.,2 Scott Avenue, Paris, Ky., near waterpumping station:1 mower;1 turning plow;1 cultivator;1 smoothing harrow;1 dump cart;2 brake carts;Some light training carts;Some harness;1 buggy;2 old surreys;Some household and kitchen furni-ture, including large Radiant Homeheater. Miller range, iron kettles, etcAlso, roll top desk, rocking chair,1 upright desk.Some Rhode Island Red hens;1 bronze turkey hen;Some chicken coops, etc.DOUGLAS THOMAS.. M. F. Kennev, Auctioneer.(2-3t)upprices that have ever been known m iaYParis for horse hides, beef hides,heqp pelts and furs.I will also pay the highest marketprice for Rags and Paper. I will sendafter it any place in the city. Callby Cumberland phone 374. Office onEighth Street.(20-oct-lyr) MAX MUNICH.Lav ines luncb-ve been a lingering cold is broken iprize was won by Mrs M j. Don't stop treatment when relief !At tho r-nnoinsinn nF thn ra.mpis first felt as a half cured cold islecn was serve(i in the dinimr roomtuiugerous. iuku uv. iviug s newDiscovery till your cold is gone.(adv-mar)iano TuninSince the death of my father, Mr.J R Hanna, well and favorably knownover Paris and Bourbon County ioryears as an expert piano-tuner, I havesucceeded him in business, and willcontinue his work. I have been associated with him since childhood, and iI know what to do.Will be in Paris twice a week. Iam factory representative for the "Lester Piano. Call or write,OSCAR F. HANNA,485 West Sixth St...(2mar-tf) Lexington, Ky.Mrs. M. H. H. Davis was thecharming hostess at the last meetingof the Coterie Club, a recently-formed social organization in Paris. The i 5?, j . i , . .... -i wnosiess was assisteu in receiving anu es0&ooQ)5$O(3QoHarnessBuggy Harness 812 to 25.00.Pony Harness $10.00 to S15.00Breeching 6.00 to $10.00.Back Bands 25c to Si. 00.Belly Bands 50c to 75c.Check Lines $3.50 to S4.75.Hames 75c to Si. 75.Trace Chains 60c to 95c.Hame strings 15c to 25c.Bi idles 81.25 to S3. 00.Breast Chains 50c to 65c.Collar Pads, all sizes, 30c.Saddles worth 825, now 517.50Saddles worth 824, now $10.50Saddles worth 810, now 87.50.Boys' Saddles worth $9, now87.Boys' Saddles worth $7.50,now $5.50.All kinds of Horse Blanketsand Buggy Robes.ChurnsDazey Churns, 3, 4 and 6gallons. Also wood churns.Cut flowers and brooming plants inthe living room spread a delightful fragrance. At the dining table wherethe guests were seated for the luncheon, a French basket of lavendarprimroses, tied with lavendar tulle,occupied the center. The place cardsfor the guests were of primrose designs, in water colors. The hostessfor the next meeting of the Club willbe Mrs. Charles W. Heck.(Other Personals on Page 5)FRED MACE, FAMOUS MOVIECOMEDIAN, DIES SUDDENLYSeaBesP Pumps, Etc.We are agents for Fairbanks-MorseScales, Pumps,Engines, etc.Paints.We have on hand about 1, 000gallons Simmons Paint. , Nobetter paint in the world.Bought last year. Can sellfor 40c per gallon less than wecould if bought to-day. Alsoa quantity of white leadbought at the same time. Ifyou are going to paint, see usbefore you buy. Linseed Oiland Turpentine. All kinds ofporch and inside paint.Studefeaker Autos.If you are going to buy anAutomobile let us chow youthe Studebaker. Et lias everything you coidd wish forin an automobile except thehigh price. LoGks, comfort,power, room, workmanship,material the best.Goodyear Tires and Inner Tubes,all kinds of accessories, Gasoline,Auto Oil, Bumpers, Spot Lights,Sparks Plugs, Pumps, etc.Good Farm Machinery Oil 25cper gallon; our Special Auto Oil40c; Gas and Sieam Engine Oil.Crude Oil for your hogs. CreamSeparator Oil worth S1.00, now50c per gallon.HardwareLook over our list and seewhat you need;Saws, Hatchets, Hammers.Planes, Axes, Mauls. Wedges,Locks of all kinds, DrawingKnives, Pruning Knives, Table Knives and Forks, PocketKnives, Butcher Knives, Carving Sets, Kitchen Knives,Shears and Scissors, SheepClipping Machines, HorseClipping Machines, SheepShears, Rakes, Hoes, Forks,all kinds of handles, Nails.Screws, Bolts, Horseshoes andNails, Grindstones. Feed Baskets, Clothes Baskets, EggBaskets, Cistern Pumps, bothwood and galvanized, IceCream Freezers. Water Coolers, Buckeye Incubators, United States Cream Separators,Lawn and Porch Swings.Take a look at our STOVESand RANGES. We sell theNever-Rust Cast Iron Range.No better made. Guaranteedfor 20 years. Worth 60.00,now $40.00. Four-eye CookStove $12.50 to 816.00.All Kinds of Staple Groceries. Seed Potatoes. ?neS10.00 bbl. in cloth; Best Flour 1.25 per 24 pounds; Meal per peck 35c; Pure Cane Sugar100 lbs. $8.00; Pure Cane Sugar 25 lbs. $2.05: can Corn LOc; can Hominy 10c; can Pumpkin10c; 30c California Peaches 20c; 20c California Peaches 15c; 30c California Pineapple 20c; -20cCalifornia Pineapple 15c; Arm & Hammer Soda per lb. 7 l-2c; Matches per box 5c; Riceper lb. 7 l-2c; pure Lard per lb. 19c; Smoked Bacon per lb. 20c. AH prices subject to changewithout notice The markets are strong on everything. We will not raise prices unlessabsolutely necessarv. We can't advertise everything: give us a call and you will see thenthat we can save you money.8th & Main FARMERS SUPPLY COMPANY Paris, Ky.HTENTUCKY TRACTION&. TERMINAL COMPANYInterurban Schedule.CARS LEAVEPubSie SaleOFParisforLexington. 6:45 a. m.7:30 a. m.8:15 a. m.9:00 a. m .945 a. m.I 11:15 a. m.12:45 p. m.2:15 p. m.3:45 p. m.4:30 p. m.5:15 p. m.6:05 p. m.6:50 p. m.8:15 p. m.10:05 p. m.LexingtonFred Mace, the famous movie comedian, whose large figure and comicacting have amused thousands of p2vpie in the movie houses in the United ,States, and who has proved one of QWMOCC tt8f 9i3tftf tiimtHHHmMttjlie most popular movie actors in tin. ' cotestimation of fun-loving people OiParis, was found dead in his bed ina New York hotel, Friday. Mace, ..,.i. i,.i i, ,.r.,:o,wi e o .,i r. locauiiK lust ui juuueu aiw uiuuLf vr with rUfforot rnn mu is the function of a newljr patent de- enacted nearly a year ago and has labeled with the approximate .perj 01 jears win a uerenL moue con . promfses tQ pnve a friend been in cffect sinCe September 23. centage of purity and genriinatioA.ILClllO 1U VJIH1.V UIA, "UU ..Hi.. w.Los Angeles. He had come to NowA WATER PIPE DETECTIVE.WARNING TO SEED BUYERS.who' complyBuy only of peoplewith tihe law.Yhe new Kentucky seed law was Insist that field seeds be honedtljrYork tor the purpose of taking a1 course in weight reduction, his in-for6:00 a. m. creasing weigth having become a7:20 a. m. .source of great annoyance to mm.attributed to aii:ou a. in. banting toi:zu p. m.2:50 p. m.3:30 p. m.4:20 p. m.5:00 p. m.6:00 p. m.Live Stock, Crop and FarmingImpSements.reduce his flesh. H3friends assert that in six weeks liehad reduced his weight fiom 2b7pounds to 200 .pounds and that theviolent exercisetr the nlumber and to the municipal 1916. Everybody concerned has had Insist that sealed packets of seedsity which has to repair its water-pipes, ample time to comply with it yet it bear the exact date of filling and theThe new machine is expected to prove seems there ar& people who are no percent of germination in large type,useful by cutting the amount of dig- familiar with it, and some who intend if you find, dodder, sour dock, ocging necessary to locating a leaky to defy its provisions. Briefly stated, wild onion seeds among field seeds,pipe down to a minimum, a very use- it requires that all field seeds, such ?end us samples for testing. It wllLful oualitv where paving has to bo as those of clover and oats, must bear be done free.Seouro a cony of the law in Circn-needed where a leak must be found ity and of germination, and that seal- lar No; 5 of q Department of Entoquickly to prevent flooding. The de ed packets of vegetable and flower moiogy anu Botany, and read it caretective is an electric 'one, consisting seeds shall bear the date of filling fUnyot two connecting wires and a micro- and tihe percentage or germinauon. j GORMAN,8:00 a.m. Mace's death wasr - - i . l. 2 Al il 51 -k f r Tr,r,Unt alT0Re 'aFT.TLTTJ:"Z:Z torn w. Such a device is also badly a label giving the percentage of pu-.LU.-U I. I". HIS - OUCUUUUa WUIOC Ul GA61 tlOV ...hP had been takin' "Qe worn by the man operating it. Failure to label seeds properly ren- Hea(1 0 Division Ky. State Experte iionitii Hp wnq X The connections are fastened to the ders the seller liable to a tine of ment Station Lexington. Ky.... .. y. k iiip.nrftst terminals ol ine mue, aim uv num ?. v --20 p. m. remarkably active man in bpuu ui -,,.. , the microph0ne the oper- The Jaw was enacted for the protcc-i:10 p. m. great weight, and had gone throufet listeni h X directly over tion of Kentucky farmers and seeds- ':00 p. m.ihundred8 of the severest tests known ator can . tea wnen ne aireccij o IfCITY CARS ONLY.Owing to my health I am compelled'to give up farming, and will sell atpublic auction on my premises, fourmiles east of North Middletown, onI Friday, March 9, '17,fJ at 10 o'clock a. m., the following der scribed property:J j 1 pair mares, coming 6-years-old, inJ " foal to jack, weight 1,300., extra good;p Wl black filly, coming 4-years-old,broke to ride and drive;J 1 aged mule, good worker;i 1 horse pony, coming 4-years-old.broke ;1 horse mule, coming 3-years-old;1 chestnut filly, coming 3-years-old,by Richelieu King, registered;1 Jersey cow, calf by side, good one;1 red cow, will ul fresh by day ofsale2o' or 25 barrels of corn" in crib ;1 wagon;1 bed and frame for above;1 Deering rake, good as new;1 corn planter, check rower,rods wire;1 2-horse sled, good condition;1 24iorse cultivator, JWery;i R.Kimvcl -tobacco plow;2 breaking plows. Vulcan No. 12,left-hand; t , . : .One-half interest in Deering binderpractically new; ,One-half interest in tobacco setter;1 Frazier break cart; ,1 set cart harness;3 or 4 sets work harness;2 sets wagon harness, leather tugs;1 3-section A harrow, with setshandles;1 Randell harrow;1 marker;1 rrass seed stripper, 2 sets combs,1 boring machine, with all bits com-Plitarpaulin 18x24 feet, 12 cunce; 'xHoef forks, and many other thingstoo numerous to mention100Lve. Court Houseam7.45 am8.15 am8.45 am9.15 am9.45 am10.15 am10.45 am11.15 am11.40 am12.00 m12.45 pm4X.15 pm45 pm2.15 pm .2.45 pm3.15 pm3.45 pm4.15 pm5.15 pm4.45 pmrLve. Station 5.7.15 am8.00 2m8.30 am9.00 am9.30 am10.00 am10.30 am11.00 am11.30 am11.50 am' 12.15 pm' 1.00 pm1.30 pm2.00 pm' ; 2.30 pm3.00 pm3.30 pm4.00 .pm4.30 pm5.00 pm5.00 pmto movie people in the performancesin which he took part.the hidden section.DANIEL BOONE RELIC.winterA huge chip from one of the mosthistoric trees in the State, a slab froma beech tree in Letcher county andbearing the initials of Daniel Boonewith date 1781, has just been broughtto Lexington and is in the care of Mrs.W. H. Thompson, of the Bryan Station Chapter, Daughters of theAmeican Revolution.The relic will be mounted, put inton class case and sent to Washingtonto be permanently on display in theKentucky room ol uonunenuu nun,as the gift of the chapter.Permission to remove the big chipwas secured by Mrs. R. L. Pilling,historian of the Bryan Station Chapter, from W. H. Potter, of Kona. owner of the land -on which the tre-stands.The tree for generations has beenn landmark. It is on Boone's Creek.300 feet from tne lventucny rvivui.Within recent years it has been visited by thousands of tourists who desire to see the initials and date cutthere by Daniel Boone.WATCH YOU STEP.Even H-oboken has gone pro-Americon. Richmond Virginian.tm .1-nV.f tViof cSlanna io crrtlrtanrmen and this onen letter is an appeal " "" KF:zTv &to them to uphold it by insisting that HousGt who has achieved a reputation,it be complied with. f0r diplomacy and statecraft by mere-Do not receive seeds that are not jy keeping his moutn shuL Moatgomlabeled as the law requires. ery Advertiser.Tourist TicketsThe postoffice department at Washington has issued a fraud orderagainst "The National Mail OrderBrokerage ExcUange. ozu uiodb rumuing. Minneapolis, Minn." Letters addressed to that firm or any firm of aI similar name at tne same uumuw, "-not mailable, and are sent to the'Dead "Letter Office, at Washington,Round-trip Winter Tourist Tickets 'when there is no return address onon sale daily Oct 1, 1916, until April the envelope to indicate the sender.30 1917, "with final return limit May This firm has been attracting tne31 1117, to all principal tourist points trade of women chiefly, and thas been.In' Alabama, Florida, Georgia, Louisi- discovered by the Postoffice Inspectana, Mississippi, New Mexico, North jors to be a fraud pure and sim.ple. a.Carolina, South Carolina, Texas and number of Paris women have beentt .,-, rvo oiirvwinir Hhfiral stor.- nniiwht hv th swindlers. At the localXlilViuui, vuui, ... o . -W.-C, -S' 1 , c ! If''' ' Ij , . - - y amxyTBLa" - ... t -. - .' -,-- : 3i-i : i . .j in t' ' I 1 ( Mvv,, . WZ&S UL-1' ' T-J'sale.!ofer privileges on ibotk going and re-' postoffice a number of letters addressturn trip. Also fow r7und-trip Home-,ed to the firm by Paris people areseekers Tickets onjsala first and third 'being held for return.Tuesday! of each month to points in Watch your step! Don't be caughto numerous u u.vu.w. Alabama, Florida, Louisiana ana, by extravaganuy-wu-i ueu wibumu -TERMS Made known on day 0IississiPij with final return limit I attractive promises from mail fprdec, . . .iHr'jA. , j nf c.iQ i,..o Q tiiniieanri mil Pt awav. whereGEORGE CFfANDHmS.; 1Xtoer'iSoriatton;l on or aJ you have no recourse. Patonlzexrnrth T'iddletown, Ky,s . R. F. D. NO. 1. GEO. D. SPEAKES, Auot.Xe nimar-l)dress,IW. V. SHAW, Agent,or J. K. SMITH, T. A.'unma mpriShants ,who you.tknow are"reappnteilile for,, the: character of go6dShey sell you. f."Feeling Tough, JimI had spells like that, too lazy, blue, no 'pep' until wife gave' meINSTANT POSTUMinstead of coffee.harmfulNow I sleep better, smile oftener, and nerves behave. Never knew hawful coffee was 'till I quit it. Why don't you try Postlim?" f"There's a Reasonn!rk.PAGC FOURTHE BOURBON NEWS, PARIS, KY.TUESDAY, MARCH 8, 117.1miUhivrn.MTHE WEATHER.The forecast for the week begin-PARIS BOWLING LEAGUE.Thursday jiight witnessed anothermlng Sunday, March 4, as sent out close and exciting finish between thfrom the Weather Bureau at Wash I Fordham Hotel and the R. P. Walshlagton, is as follows: teams in the Paris Bowling LeagueFor Ohio Valley and Tennessee: jrace. Both teams were on their metFair greater part of week; first .part , tie, and put forth some mighty effort?old; much warmer after Tuesday. to out bowl the other, the Hotel teamFollowing the heavy fall of sleet and t finally landing winner by the narro.ckow which caused the streets to over- margin of twenty pins. While no unflow with slush last week, a heavy ; usually high scores were made, theahow fell Saturday night and all day, best ranged in the neighborhood o"Sunday, almost equaling in depth the 190. Duncan made the highest scoreTHE "INVINCIBLES" MAINTAINTHEIR PAST REPUTATION.Because of their skill, dexterity andsuperior playing the girls' basket ballteam of the Paris High School hasearned the very appropriate title otiV !KEL1U1UUS. vg4 v T w"TTvTTTTTTTTTTTTTIip ATissionarv Societv of the"TUieInvincibles' from the fact thar Methodist church will meet in theWile & Co.&:in the games, bowling 192 in the second game. The high men were Jones,for the Fordham team, with 186 iiithe first game, and Duncan, for theWalsh team, with 192 in the secondgame. Jones also held down secondplace for the Hotel team, with ascore of 175 in the second gameDuncan registered the highestaverage for the three games, his figures being 176 1-3.snow of several Sundays ago. Telephone service in the city and countywas again crippled, as well as'the mailservice. All mails were late, as wel'as a great many males. Considershie difficulty was experienced in gettin the mails transported from the L.N. station to the postolfice. As aresult patrons had to wait some timefor their mail.The wind blew all day Sunday at ahieh sneed. Dilimr the snow in huge 1 The next erames will be nlaved atdrifts in Hie streets, and almost stop- j the Fordham Alleys to-night betweenping traffic. All Paris was practically tne Curtis Henry & Co. and the It. P.snowbound Sunday, and only a fewjwalsih teams. The score of Thurshad the hardihood to venture out and day's game follows:brave the elements. FORDHAM HOTEL.Reports from the county precincts 12 3state that almost a blockade prevail-J jones 186 175 156ed on the pikes on account of the Sweareiurcn 150 152 125heavy snow drifts. Previous snowr I Determan 147 119 143had formed an icy uudercrust whicnfurnished a good foundation for Sunday's heavy snowfall. Yesterday thesituation remained very much thesame.The street cleaning department wasput to work with teams and dragsearly Sunday morning opening a pathway on the pavements and streets,thus enabling traffic, in a measure tobe resumed. But the all-day downfall soon partly blocked the wayagain, necessitating the work don?orer.B-4 PI REInsurewitt?VY.O.HINTON &SON,AgtsKane 161 137 126Thomas 161 128 171Totals SOS 711 721R. P. WALSH.12 3Hill , 170 156 143Bridges.... 139 121 158Douglas 180 153 168Kenton 100 100 100Duncan 178 193- 159Totals 767 722 723Fordham Hotel Totals 2237R. P. Walsh Totals 2217Fordham Hotel Majority.. 20FIRE DESTROYS HOME.A tenant house on the farm of Mr.Granville Denton, of Paris, located onthe Ruddles Mills pike, near Paris,was destroyed by fire Friday morning. The fire is supposed to have hadits origin in a spark from the kitchenflue. The home was occupied by Mrs.J. R, Johnson, who saved a small portfcra of her household effects.Fire, wind and lightning insurance. Thomas, Woodford & Bryan.CENTURY OLD HOMEDESTROYED BY FIREFire starting from a defectiveflue destroyed na residence, atlit. Sterling, belonging to Mrs.Lizzie Tipton, entailing a loss of$2,000. The house was 100 years old,end was occupied by Bruce Willoughby, who lost all his household goods,without any insurance.MflRGOLEN'SSPECIALSVor This Week11 seems impossible to defeat them, church parlors at 2:30 o'clock thisthey having a clean score for the (Tuesday) afternon, Mrs. John Riser IxxKfvj.i season. vill be tlie leader. A full attendanceThe Invincibles" went to Carlisle, 0f the membership is urged.Saturday night, and, in a game fought The second quarterly conferenceunder many difficulties, won from this of the Methodist church will be held inCarlisle High School girls' team by a this city on next Sunday, March 11, atscore of 38 to 10. I which time the communion servicesThe game was played in a dimly-and Sacrament of the Lord's Supperlighted tobacco warehouse, wliich was wm be observed. In the absence ofquite a disadvantage to the girls, the Presiding Elder, Rev. C. F. Oney.coupled with the further fact that the tiie session will be presided over bvball used in the play was exactly the ilev. J. L. Clark, President of the Kensame color as the warehouse floor, tucky Wesleyan College, at Winchesmaking it almost impossible at times ter, who will preach at botli services.to see it. There was considerable in-terference in the play on the part oCthe Carlisle team, according to the re- When Billy Sunday opens in Newport brought back by some of the York we Presume the other theatrispectators, but, in sj)ite of all, "The cal attractions will have to increaseInvincibles" fought all the harder, and their advertising. Tampa Tribune.added a new score to their long list01 uriinant victories.The Paris line-up comprised MissesLona McCord, Carrie Itose, FannieHeller and Vallette McClintock, andMisses Beatty, Bramblette and Lytlesubstitutes. Carlisle was representedby Misses Stacy oheatam, HazelWoodall, Virginia Harrison, KatieHenry, Mary Curry and Ruby Reedand I orena Campbell as substitutes.The season will close for the Parisgirls' team on next Monday night,when they will play the Carlisle teamat the Paris Y. M. C. A. gymnasium.We are certainly proud of the graceful, athletic girls who have represented Paris this season in the basket ballgame. They are trumps!The game scheduled between thegirls' team and the girls' team ofHamilton College, Lexington, to havebeen played at the Paris Y. M. C. Aesterday afternoon, was cancelled.sl ajsa kj'cs.i.cOFLive Stock and Implements.THE LYCEUM COURSEThe lecture at the City SchoolAuditorium by Dr. Euclid B. Rogers,on Friday night, was one of the genuine treats of the Lyceum Course, andwas enjoyed by a delighted audienceThis was the last number in theLyceum Course. The attendance wasnot what it should have been, theweatiher and other influences operating against it, but those who attended were amply repaid in the qualityof the entertainment afforded them.Dr. Euchild's lecure was a gem oforatory and high thought interspersedwith flashes of wit and humor thatstood out like diamonds in gold settin. Paris hopes to have him hereagain.Having decided to quit farming, Iwill sell at public auction, at my homeon the Drake Thompson farm, on theClintonville pike, four miles fromParis, onSaturday, March 10, 1915,jThe Hamilton College team, evidently , beginning at 10 o'clock, the followingscenting defeat at the hands of "The j stock, farm implements and householdInvincibles," did not put in their ap- j furniture.pearance, and a long distance mes-j 1 air 4-year-old mare mules, ISsage brought the information that hands high;Vthey would cancel the game.C. V. C. M. MEETING.Mrs. Joe. D. Booth, president of theC. W. B. M. presided at the meeting ofhat organization, held in the parlorsof tihe Christian church Friday afternoon. After the opening exercises,and the transaction of routine business Mrs. R, B. Hutchcraft made areport of the meeting of the StateBoard, held at the Central ChristianChurch, in Lexington Thursday, giving particular attention to the addressdelivered to the meeting by Mrs.Josephine M. Stearns, of Indianapolis.Ind., who is one of the secretaries ofthe International Board.The program at this meeting wasfurnished by the Triangle Club Mission Band and the Young People'sMissionary Society, under the direction of Mrs. W. W. Judy and MrsHouston Rion.MYSTERIOUS FIRE DESTROYSCOTTON FOR ALLIES.Several thousand tons of cottonconsigned to Liverpool was destroyedFriday night in a Are in the hold ofthe British steamship Carolinian, olGarland Line, at Baltimore, Md. Thevessel had about finished loading andwould have cleared Saturday morning.Included in the cargo was a large and.varied supply of merchandise assignedto the Allies. The capacity of th? I.vessel is 7,000 tons. The origin of the;fire has not yet been determined. w2 wagons and hay frames;Firemen cut holes in the side of the' 1 hay loader; "boat with acetylene torches in order toget at the fire, located directly be-jneath the engine room. The loss Is not jyet known. I1 10-year-old family horse;1 Shorthorn cow, giving milk;2 thoroughbred Jersey cows, bothnow milking, one to be fresh scon;2 sows and sixteen pigs;1 rubber tired buggy;1 Bemis tobacco setter, new;1 tobacco plow;1 5-tooth plow;1 disc harrow;1 hand-made wagon bed;2 grass seed strippers;1 McCormick mower;1 disc plow;1 Avery cultivator;4 Oliver Chilled breaking plows;6 double shovel plows;Direct ParticlarAttention To TheirEntire Presentation ofUltra SmartSPRINGATTIREEmbracing the Very LatestSUITS WRAPSCOATS GOWNSDRESSESAND SKIRTSAt Exceptionally Moderate Prices.JEWS IN U. S. ARMY.There are about five thousand Jews ,arniy. i1 Deering binder;1 wheat drijl;1 fertilizer drill;2 sets wagon harness; j1 set buggy harness;G work collars; j1 pair stretchers; jSingle trees and double trees; jGrain shovel, pitch forks;1 Fairbanks-Morse feed mill;1 pair scales; '65 hens. IAlso lot of household and kitchen iWolf, Wile Co.JLexington, Kentucky.in vur comparatively smallThat is a revelation to those folkswho think that all Jews are bankers,clothiers or peddlers. This history ofall countries shows that the Jew is as furniture,patriotic as other men, and hat is all TERM-the more wonderful considering that sale.with the exception of our own laud C. T. STONE,and Great Britain the Jew meets wih Home phone 2029-1 ringshardships and persecution in well GEO. D. SPEAKES, Auctioneer,night every land. (mar6-9)4"M'I"M''H I' ! ! ! ! !' ! !! ! ! fr ! 1 1. 1 ! ! ! i. .-Made known on dayH"H''H"H"I"fr'l"4iiH' H 1 1 flWHIJ"!''Fancy Home-KilledMEATSBeef, Pork, Veal andLamb.CALL UPMflRGOLEN'STHE SANITARY MEAT MARKETiFOR FRIDAY ANDSATURDAYCeleryFresh TomatoesCurly LettuceHead LettuceRadishes SalsifyNew TurnipsSpinachSweet PotatoesNew BeetsStrawberriesDressed TurkeysSceaks, Chops, RoastsOystersWILMOTHGrocery Co.Phone 376TO DELINQUENT WATERCONSUMERS.Water consumerswhose hiSSs from January to April 1st remain unpaid will bediscontinued (VI arch"1 st 'PARIS WATER CO.(feb 27-tf)NEW INSURANCE AGENCY.Mr. John A- Glenn, who has beeustationed in Paris for the past twoseasons as resident buyer on the localtobacco markets for the American Tobacco Company, lias closed Ills connection with that concern, and willenter the insurance field.Mr. Glenn, who enjoys a wide acquaintance throughout the Bluegrass,and especially, in this city and county,will have his headquarters in this cityas local representative of the H. GHoffman Insurance Agency, of Mt.Sterling, and will be Special Agent inthis territory of the Pacific MutualInsurance Co., of which Mr. Hoffmanis the State Agent Mr. Glenn willoren his office here as soon as he canmake the necessary arrangements forthe transfer.Mr. Glenn is a native of North Carolina, but has made Kentucky hisadopted home. He is a young man offine business ability, and is certainto make good in his new calling. Heis very popular among tihe farmersand tobacco men, and-with manyothers who are glad to know that hehas decided to remain in Kentucky.Mr. Glenn, has been In ML Sterlingseveral days conferring with Mr. Hoffman.Dissolution Salei OFBOURBON FARM!I On account of the ill health of Mr. Wallace Chappell, we have decided todissolve the partnership existing betfween Chappell & Ashciaft, and will sellat public auction, onWEDNESDAY, MARCH 14, 1917at 10 o'clock, a. m., on the premises, at Escondida Station, sjx miles frontFans, our farm, described as lollows:TRACT NO. 1 A tract about one and one-half acres, more or less, located in Bourbon County, Ky., at Escondida Station, on the double track ofthe Louisville & Nashville Railroad fronting on the Escondida pike, and having thereon a comfortable frame residence of four or five rooms and twohalls and necessary outbuildings, cistern, etc, and being the home placeof L. C. -Ashcraft.TRACT NO. 2. The farm of Chapell & Ashcraft lying in BourbonCounty, near Escondida Station, on the double track of the Louisville &Nashville Railroad, containing about 141 acres, about 33 acres lying onthe southwest side of said railroad and about 107 acres on the northeastside. The last tract fronting on the Escondida pike, and the two tractsconnected by a gateway and passage way across said railroad. During thepast year we have built a new 6-acre tobacco barn; new double corn crib,300 to 400 barrel capacity and new cabin on this land. This farm is closeto store, solicol and church.I Tracts 1 and 2 will be offered separately and then as a whole, and th?'best bid or bids accepted.SALE OF PERSONAL PROPERTY.jiv VULCAN Sr PLOWS-j x HEdc b The Vulcan Plow Co.? etoctc w.i TRY THE V 4Tiis.j! VULCAN L 3GOOD SHOWING.Commenting on the good showingmade by the city of Paris in the financial statement published in a recentIssue of THE NEWS, the Flemingsburg Times-Democrat says:"There don't seem to have been anygrass growing in the streets of Parissince the saloons were voted out, andto obviate any danger of itliat sort inthe future, they are planning to paveMain street with brick from 'een toeen' this season, and other streets inthe near future. And all tills with nota dollar of saloon 'revenue.' "THIRD DEGREE CONFERREDhe degree team of Bourbon LxkLgeI. Q. O. F. conferred the- Third Degreeon fimr candidates at the meeting heldlast liigfat. The degree team'ia gettingin readiness for a months' . campaignfor "W members, -fc-hich is to be in-18 or 20 head of dry 2-year-old heifers, corn fed;16 or 18 short yearling calves, blacksand reds;1 2-yoar-old Angus bull, extra good;1 beer'iiig binder, nearly new;1 Pou'ing mower, nearly new ;1 steel roller;1 dump cart andiarnes; .1 AA harrow;' '-300 shocks of corn in field;Lot of corn in crib;2 tons rye straw; x1 pair gray work horses, 7 and '9year-old;1 pair work mares, 9 and 11 yrs old:1 black buggy mare, 7 or 8 yrs old;1 unbroken two-year-old gelding;1 Jersey cow, due to be fresh by dayof sale;1 Jersey cow, fresh in March;2 Jersey heifers, fresh soon;1 Jersey heifer, yearling;2 short yearling heifers;1 sow and nine pigs;1 sow and 4 pigs;1 sow, due to farrow by day of sale;1 bred ow;10 cattle ahoats, weight from 60 to75 pounds;1 good 2-horse wagon and combination hay and corn frame, good as new;1 wheat drill, nearly new;1 Black Hawk corn planter;Lot of harrows, plows, farming impiemen tsr etc.;Lot of poultry, etc.;75 barrels 10 f corn in-crib;1 team of mules, 8 and 11 years;1 breaking plow;1 Riding cultivator;1 hay frame and box bed;1. gasoline hay press, International;1 cutting harrow;1 double shovel plow;2 Avery cultivatora;1 Avery riding-breaking! plow;3 No. 12 Vulcan chilled plows;1 steel beam plow;1 7-year-old horse;1 3-year-old filly;1 Deering binder;1 Thomas wheat drill;1 Avery corn planter;1 Avery cultivator;1 bluegrass stripper and 2 tootnboards;1 set work harness;1 set buggy harness.Mr. L. C. Ashcraft, who resides on the farm, will take pleasure inshowing prospective purchasers over the premises. For information, callHome phone 38, Clintonville Excha.ce.TERMS Easy, And made luiown on day of sale. x" . ' CHAPP1LL A ASHCRAFT-CHAS. TanHOOK, Auctioneer. "- ; " 1R. F. D. No. 1, Paris, 'Ky.Well Finished, Strong Durable, Light Draft.Rib Strengthened Mold, Full Chilled Shinpiece, InterlockedPoint, Land and Standard. Point has Face Chill, Wide EdgeChill, Long Snoot Chill, Patented Extension and is theSTRONGEST and MOST DURABLE Chilled Point made.Whn buying a Plow, consider Quality First, Price SecondFOR SALE BYS. Bill GarageCor. Fourth andjjPIeasant Sti.Agents Buick AutomobilesGoodyear Tires.vOut Vulcanizing Departmentis equipped with steam vulcanizer and run by an expertSteam Heated GarageOPEN DAY AND NIGHTliinliliiilhiiiilit$ttz-zfe.tZII(mar6-9)t'i-- .toIo -IvTUESDAY, MARCH C, 1917.VTHE BOURBON NEWS, PARIS; KY.t:PAGE FIYBOmSOdAL AND PERSONAL.FOR THE BESTNOTHING EISETOBACCO COTTONComings and Goings of OurPeople Here, Tliere andElsewhere.is convalescenthave also moved to Shelby county,-where they will reside on a farm.ri- w- F- Campbell continues illat his home on South Main street.Mrs. Pearl Frouk, who has been aguest of friends in Paris for-severalnays, returned to her home in Covingfc ton, yesterday.Mrs. Jnhn noon.. -,11. ia uuuvaiescenc i 1(from a severe attack of lumbago T , . d Mrs- Raymond FrazeUJ -Mr. Frank Speakas and Mr. Claude , le dausluer, Miss Ida Mayr' Redmon were recent visitors in Win- t concludetl very pleasant visitJ Chester. to Mrs. Frazell's mother, at SwitzerMr. Henry V. Thompson, of Win m stt county.'Chester, was a court day visitor in ,. lrs- J- D- Purcell and Miss Pauj Paris yesterday. lme Purcell, mother and sister of Mrs.I Mr. J. W. Rnmn iQc i Stanhope Wiedemann, of nonr PariOn account of delayed shipment oZ from a business trip to Richmond and leffc "Ston yesterday for a visit toAH grades, at Harry Simon's(2mar-tf)OPENING PASTPONED.lelacives in Petersburg, Virginia.turner Personals on Pa?e 3.)ARMED NEUTRALITY.Quit worrying about ;vihat Congressand the President are erointr to doaoods, Mrs. Victor Whitridge has de- in Madison nnnntvajed her millinery opening unUl Fri- Miss Susie Johnson, who has beon !day and Saturday, March S and 10. ill for about a week at her honie on!ML Airy avenue, is imorovine- JDEALERS SELLING LARGE j -Mrs. Mary Dennie?t WednesdayQUANTITIES OF SEED, for a visit to Mr. and Mrs. Wm. Kin 'caid, in St. Augustine. FloHdnLocal grain and seed dealers have Miss Man' Glenn has rAfnmo,i frt about Armed Neutrality. Prenaredbeen very busy lately filling order3 ner home in Lexington alter a visit 'o ness etc- Be11 at home with "Prefor field seeds from farmers. It is friends and relatives in this city. " Paredness." Have the piping donemid that an unusnallv Tnrp- noroairr Mr. Hprnrlnn Wolioi. e u v for natural crns. thnt now onra tnn.has been sown to grass in the county G- A., ihas returned from a visit to necte(L UP an(l he prepared for thetliis year. friends and "relatives in Georgetown cominS summer months to use gas inMr. James E. Craven, wiho has your ldtclien during the hot period. JTHINGS TO WORRY ABOUT. jheen seriously ill with pleurisy at his Get ready nw before spring housshome on Henderson street, is improv- house-cleaning is begun. You promis-It's all wrong about a woman not ing' tnMUJI!Son !fSSUm?eP Sat , yo;Jbeing able to take a joke! Just ob- r?lr- Tl0s- F-Brannon has return- ou L'f-i0 frh another heatserve some of the things Paris girls ed .to Uer home iu Lexington after a ed term, without the comforts thaitake to dances and the movie pict- 1 t0 fnends an relatives in thi3 Z?Qho en3,oyin&n Bfurn shows with, them and vou will cit . . - armed and prepared for the difficul-5change your mind p-d-q! ? Anna .Eads Peed has re- ties mac are coming The "gas wayluiiicu 11 UIU a Visit lO iUlSS IVatlierin0 .u.ayxiBi. a.u.x ucau, llltL CL'OTHE PLACE TO BUY GOODS. 7hmson' at Hamilton College, in Le.v .n0lT0anlA0se?aiblrer1omThe place to buy goods is v.iiereI ington.Mrs. A. P. Bryanhas returnedPARIS GAS & ELECTRIC CO..(2-2t) Incorporated.FISCAL COURT.they have the largest and best stock. from Prankfort, where she has beenWe want your eggs and produce of a'l 7, v UttUfaUlC1' iUIb- "ram.iiuuuiwu. lMr. J. P. Davis and familv havp i llie March term of the Bourbon Piskinds(G-it)C. P. COOK.HIGH COST OF POTATOES.returned to their home in Shelbyville cal Court will convene in the county, alter a visit to Mr. and Mrs Henr cou"- room in tne court nouse thisS. Caywood. morning, with Judge C. A. McMillan 5Ti.ft nAtotn o vtaw w .on i,o Miss Sue Jordan, who has been ill Presiding. The court will have consid8erved in many different styles, and "J& " wo huainesB ?etora .tui Urn est.W.W.. W..W U.W.LWW. Vi ""'"J H.WCaywood, SmitHi & McClintock also Isold three mules to Sam Houston, ofthe county, for $460.a mainstay for a family in moderate ntly; ? resume her duties at L.circumstances has joined the long list ltW")- KjU'ar nof high-cost-of-living products, and .. Rev and Mr,s- w- 9 Sadler amlno tonger be looked upon as a life- h.ttle s?n wefe in Flemingsburg last,x-r. Here in Puris this delicious MC"; Bueau'" rs- oamers mun)er is selling for about 2 cents er' rs- Jaes - Pranceeach, or nearly ?1.25 per peck. Would ,f . ""Vr i flwuu Tl "aBterfa,vou believe it could have ever hap- Mlfsses Katherme and Elizabeth, havepened so in this day and generation? turned their home m Flemings-unit,, uitci u. visit tu leiuLives in ironsMiss Carrie Rogers has returnedto her home in Georgetown after apleasant visit to her sisters. Mrs. Rov IClendenin and Mrs. Maggie RogersMcClintock.In the Bourbon County Court, Mr' essJs;T, Pul 'Cue1 and J,eff1:,ni, Tl Plnrlr wn .nnnint a min. Slmth- f -he LoUlSVille & NasllVlllo,pavtuberNow the economical housewife willhave to rack her brain to find a substitute for the potato.APPOINTED ADMINISTRATORistrator of the estate ofOViom lr rliA1 nnoi "DoIc? t?mnweeks ago. Mr. Clark qualified with ?? ' !?iR. H. Burns as surety. Messrs. RCharles liave returned from a month's tour ofjjuuils in iuc oouiuern aiaies anu m-Mr. and Mrs. Thos. Kennedy andItftlA enn T rn irA,l,r f n Ur!B. Crouch and Perry Tipton were ap- " - "r'r'' Ul yV.pointed to appraise the estate. ?; a,rTer ts fc MTrs-wKeSr.edy SMrs. Mary A. Jones was on Satur- nar ?Jr;" Mrs' J' H Stlvers'day appointed as administratrix of the on TPress sireei.estate ot Basil Jonea, deceased. Mrs tn?aLAZ 'Jones Qualified wiUi Squire John J. taming Mrs. falter Coleman, of Bui-ItedmoS as surety. H. C. Smith, T. J gfn "h?t ZuIlTrJudy and B. W. Rash were appointed f??" BUrbn C0,to appraise me estate. S Mrs Imuel Oldson, ofthe Nortii Middletown vicinity, "have'.cone to Spencer county, where they,. , . , . . have taken possession of the farmMa2h court day in Pans was a u recently purchased near Taylors-lonesome and desolate lookjng one. villeThere was a small crowd in town and Mr Magon G Talbott has returnthe cold air snow and ice sent Uiem ed to HunUngton, West Virginia, at-hurrying back home as soon as they ter a visit to relatives in North Mid.could get their business transacted. dletowxL He was accomoanied bvPolitics, tobacco and war prospects Mrs Talbott and Master Wm. Lunce.formed the principal topics ot conver ford TaDi0tt.sauon. Muies comprisea aooui uieonly stock on the market. Caywood.MARCH COURT DAY.At the banquet given to the tobacco buyers at Flemingsburg by theFleming TobaccoSmith & McClintock sold two to Mr. --.t' f t1w"Burns, of Nicholas county for SB10. Association Friday, Mr. Guy Overbyand two to Frank Collins for $450; formerly o PariSf responded to Uieuuv ruiia jiu lu " toabtt Hov.' We Buy Tobacco.ton for $380. and Arch Gumm soldone to John Woodford for $250.IT PAYS TO ADVERTISEWoodford Wornall, son of Mr. andMrs. Wm. P. Wornall, who has beenvery ill of measles at the home of his' J !: :-. In nn-.T. rwl n.parents, iimai tma v;ii., ia icjjuiku. -. . , ,r T , " T- r 4i improving. John May, son of Mr. andLast week Mr. John Wiggins, of the M Hen M who hag the disease,Hutchison precinct, inserted a small . . imnrovlnir.ad in THE NEWS desiring a man ror c T Mfarm work. On Friday morning beforethe paper had been on the street veryMr. C. T. Masterson. who recentlysold his farm in Spencer county, hasthe paper had been on the street very ietumed Bourbon, and has movedlong three applicants came to itui t0 Uie c R Mann farm on the ParisNEWS office, and Friday afternoon an(J winchester pike, which he rethree more came in know who the nir ionPpfi Mr. Masterson savs headvertiser was. Saturday several ,g sUU m the race for Jailenothers came and even yesterday Deputy state yt Marshals Edmorning two came on the same er- Rite and rranL Thompson, from therand, saying they saw thi ad m THE gtate Fre Marsliars 0giCe at FrankNEWS. All of iliich shows THE were nere Friday on business.NEWS to be a valuable advertising Several old buildings in Paris that hadmedium and a widely-read county condemned and ordered tornpaper. Idown were inspected by them and orTZ7r"r,.r idered removed at once.PARISIANS IN FLORIDA. Mr j QUincy Ward was host to'the members ot the NeighborhoodOne of the most popular places in Bridge Club at Frankfort, Friday evenFlorida where Paris people are spend- ing There were three tables of playing the winter i. Fort Myers. It is ers several of Mr. Ward's Paris andtruly a typical tropical town which Bourbon county friends attended,many Kentuckians visit each year. Truncheon vas served the guests atand "it is becoming more popular each tne conclusion of the games,year. Among the Paris and Bourbon Mr. Carter N. Martin and family,county people now there are Mr. and Dave rented the cottage at the cornerMrs. Chas. Darnabv. Dr. and Mjs. M. of Boone and High, streets recently vaH. Dailey, Mrs. May Stoner Clay and cated by Mr. and Mrs. Clifton Blackdaughter, Miss Alice Rogers Clay. erby. Mr. Martin recently sold hisMrs G. C. Thompson writes from general store at Stony Point. Mr. andSt Petersburg tihat they are having Mrs Blackerby and Mr. Oscar Peddi-delightful summer weauici u., Cord nave moveu uu luv u"j." 1 - v I T J I M . w "n T'.LLm.ka mxrico ATnrv KcnnBV weuuer atCALLED MEETING B. P. O. E.A called meeting of the members ofParis Lodge B. P. O. E. No. 373, willbe held at the lodge rooma next Sunday afternoon, March 11, for the purpose of holding the amiual election o?officers. The members are urgentlyrequested to attend this meeting.LOST.Airedale dog; black body and yellow points; has sear on back acrossloins; answers to name of "Bill." Reward will be paid for his return tome, or for information leading to hi3recovery.AT. J. MURPHY,Paris, Ky.SPRING MILLINERYOPENING.On March 9 and 10 at my place244 ML Airy Avenue, I will have on'display a complete and novel line ofadvanced styles in Spring MillineryImported patterns and beautiful designs in street and dress hats. TheIndies nf Paris and Bourbon emintvare invited to call and inspect thisbeautiful display.MRS. VICTOR WHITRIDGE,244 Mt. Airy Avenue,(2-2t) Paris, Kentucky. Iii t jv i c?nnii rf n fewmowing uiu wui iH&il " - MISS Mary ivt;miey cuu ..weeks ago. Paris people are scatter- t ded tfie ammal pledge dance given.i ii i. .u "clWfln manv of them - .. m -r- rvnnm;fv nf tlmbeing in Eustis, others at Tampa. Universlty- 0f Kentuclcy. in the PhoeJacksonville, Daytonia, and at other ix Hotel ballr0om, at Lexington, Fripoints well-known as winter resorts eveniug The dance was one olfday evening. The dance was one oi'i.- .c- o-rtTrjhip sorial events oiFEBRUARY MADE AN the season. Miss Hogartys OrchesUNUSUAL WEATHER RECORD. tra furnished a fine musical programfor the dancers.February's temperature record was The Yung Men's Dancing Clubwithin one dgree of the highest tern- m yQ & subscription Dance at Varperture ever recorded for any day o- den,g Hallf on next Thursday night,the monlii in the thirty-four years March g Music for the dancers willsince Uie establishment of the weather fae furnIslied by Uie Montague Saxohnran in Lexington, according to the . rt1 mHn nf Lexington. The hoursmonthly meteorological summary. ... . frnm 8 m to o p. m. ManyOn February 26 tne lerapwiuic sitxrs from suitrose to 71 degrees above zero, un - ected to attenddays, all previous aaiy ieiup-, rmm Lectemperature ,.,,, fm surrounding towns arej - imcn iinv's ivere wici & . -- .,.twoature records for those days, were Mirirtletown DeoDle from Uiatbroken. The lowest tempe rature jot t other points during thethe .month was 7 degrees below zero, "g1. Mr and Mrs. Lunceon February 5. . Talbott, who recently sold theirTtie snowfall for the month was 7 T'moye1 to Paris, whereInches On February 4 b wtadrt- rm, ieQ&ed & house; Mrtained a velocity of 60 miles " ".out " d famny have moved toFifteen fogs marked the record of RSSS,, e Hume and Bedtie month.' Two thunderstorms and near De aam .Oldson and famthree days of sleet w recorded aUo. tord ta UJOnly sevaa days of the entire month W Duncan and familywe clear. The sun hone ay "! J; move1 t0 shelby county, whereot of a powiWe 302feours, or jer have purchased a farm; Mr.1L oC-theVbours potfbte tor it to jwg Swetnanf ani fny,Victrolafor dancingWith Victrola and VictorRecords you can practice the newdances over and over again.You can have an impromptudance whenever you wish anddance as long as you want.The Fox Trot, Castle Polka,and all the other new dances,played loud and clear and in perfect time.Come in and hear them, and let(is demonstrate thedifferent styles of theVictor and Victrola10 to $$50. Easyterms, if desired.uwuufrDAUGHERIYBROSHOUSE .DRESSESThat Appeal ToN& 3 . 'Wm 111&bto -tn sufferu ill' mmLIw"'6lK(rl:Your Pride AndYour PurseA delightful surprise awaits you at ourstore this week. The new models of HouseDresses have just' arrived and are now ondisplay for the first time.We thought oue last dresses weninbeatable, but the latest arrivals surpassthem in style and beauty.WE NEED NOT ADD THATHEY ARETHEELECTRIC1 ifBRAND((Famed-For-Fit"for this store has always handled the best and The ELECTRIC Brand stands foremost among House and Porch Dresses.From a dollar and cents point of view these dresses cap the climax" in value,and you'll quickly agree with us when you see these dresses.ASK THE SALESLADY TO SHOW YOU THESE DRESSESThe Adjustable DressesThe Adjustable HemThe Reinforced PartsThe Firmly Attached ButtonsThe Carefully Made ButtonholesThe Tailor Finished SeamsThe MendersThe Under-Arm Dress Shields$1.00 to $3.00Sizes 34 to 56PRANK & COMPANYBN OURBIG CASH SALEFor the Rest of Februaryand All of Marchiim&j in imo Kiiarnui we amer materially irom mosi saies, asiL. dtp r a ou cxir : : . inn.nMn i.are many others. Anything in our tremendous stock isincluded in this sale, and we truly believe we can save you largesums, no matter where you get prices. Come in and see us.For Sixty Years This HouseHas Done What it Promised !We want you for our customer. You know we give you qualityand that, coupled with the lowest prices to be found anywhere,should appeal to you strongly.May we expect the pleasureof having you call?3THEJ.T.HINTONCO.MOTOR HEARSEMOTOR INVALID (tOACHUNDERTAKING"EITHERPHONE" 3,6SIXTH AND MAIN STS.icvMr ,. jSt ?.--THE BOURBON NEWS, PARIS, KY.' 4 iFRIDAY, ftARCHi 2, lOT-HWl'' '"-PAGE SIX;(1- iV- vftFPILES! PILES! PILES!W1AIAMS INDIAN PILE OINTMENT.'VIU euro Blind, Bleeding and Itching Piles.It absorbs the tumors, allays itching at once,acts as a. poultice, gives instant relief.jlter sale by all druggists, mail 50c and 1.00.JHLLIAMS MFG. CO. Props., Cleveland, OhioOBERDORFER, The DruggistRECAPITULATION OF COUNTYASSESSMENT COMPLETEDPRESIDENT CONFIRMSrSTORYOF GERMAN PLOT.Tihe work of tabulating and recapitulating the returns of the assess-' WASHINGTON, March 5. President Wilsoon. last week, in re-itulating the returns of tne assess- Me t0 the Senate's call, laid benient of Bourbon county, as made by fore that body offici'ai informationthe County Assessor, and deputy, and Umt the United states Government isenroinprl nnH vprifipn nv t.lie Board Of ... j.v ...t.ii.... -., -- - - jU possession ui uviueuutj wim:u c&Tax Supervisors, recently adjourned. tablishes Uie authenticity of the sen"Uoo Tinrhn nnmn ntarl lir MniintV I :IPrlr .. i iPTltlf MiMByMMtMHITIItllllttftlllBBllUifill Ul UflttUAltAt!fmmmmmmmm&mapinihas been completed by County ClerkPearce Paton, and his assistants.sational document disclosing howWiKIS I. uy0&sSssasTRADE MARECEMA REMEDY5- narmonw intritrilPfl t.fta nllv TVTPY Inn JlTlMTiie result snows a toiai absebsea j n witfll her t0 war thi3valuation of farming lauds, town lots countryand personal property in the county , In responsG to a Senate resolution,for the year 1917 to be S17,060,7Go. the President transmitted a reportThis is an increase over the figures fjom Secretary Lansing, stating thaifor 1916 by $262,623. The report f,,n n,-,iQr,nQ .i,oQ Pnmp tn tim mcPS.sjiows that 183,614 acres of farming sion of the United states within the". Sold on a guaranteeTetter, Salt Itheum, and similar affections of the skin and scalp. Sold iow:only by us, 5Uc and ?i.uo.OBERDOFER, The Druggist,Paris Kentucky.,u" .". j.","- - S10n oi tne unucu mutes wuiun melands in the county have an assessed j t k and that the authenticity. -i !... -r 11 OOl OrtK- -Vin tw lrrc . . . . . ...a.iuu.Liuu ul nu, v i.v" "- C Foreign Minister zanimernian s inr -ci ""c vlucu ttU .-.-" .-,.-.- strucuons to uerman minister vonfor Eczema. in full, as compiled from County As Eckhardt in Mexico City is establishedsessor Gilkeys books, is printeu De- rftvealed bv tihe Associated Press.The President's reply to the resoNumber of acres of land, jluUon and Secretary Lansing's report183,614, value $11,220,205 uie "iu --,. . r ia o rnA zni , i o Lilt; oeiuuc.I aiue oi town iouAmount of bonds'MMMMMHMinszar Awtxs.mzV'.IsZk', y.', iw ?.!vMapdinawffistocallineMlIiifo seeWyoacsjfeedforcoalDON'T let the cold,us ere month ofMarch annoy you any. Buya ton of the coal we're selling and send Winter on hisway. "Forward, March!Get the dependable "HotStuff,"FOXR5DGEW. C. DODSONAmount of notes secured byhv mnrta'acp.I 'Amount of other notesAmount of accountsCash on handCash on depositStock in corporations inStateStock in foreign corporations Number of thoroughbredsaddle and standard bredgeldings, 6, value of sameNumber thoroughbred saddle and standard bredmares, colts, 91, value ofsameNumber of stallions, common stock. 27, valueNumber geldings, maresand colts, common stock.o n-? , "to tne senate' 53600 ' "In response to the resolution' adopted by the Senate on March 1.328 325 1917 requesting the President to fur-455720 nish. tne Senate, if not incompatible101600 witn the PUDlic interest, whatever in-160355 formation he 2ias concerning the note80380 published in the press of this date'purporting fco have been sent January17 350 ' 10' 1917 y tne German Secretary fori foreign Affairs to the German Minister to Mexico. I transmit herewith areport by the Secretary of State,which has my approval."WOODROW WILSON.""To the President: Concerning theresolution ado-pted by the Unite:lStates Senate on March 1, 1917, requesting that that body be furnishedif not incompatible ith the publicinterests, whatever information youhave concering the note published inthe press of ithis date, purporting to10,7002,5507.S253,9552.653.oinp 113 70 nave been sent January 19, 1917, byvalue liM-U ar e rv,,.irTNumber mule colts, 1,451,valueNumber of jacks, 39. value.Number of jennets, 36, valueNumber of registered bulls,7, valueNumber registered cowsand calves. 43, valueNumber bulls, cows andcalves, common stock,Nip. Herman Secretary for Foreigi.94 540 Affairs to the German Minister to4800 Mexico, I have the honor to state tlia'95O the government is in possession ofevidence which establishes the fae353 that the note referred to is authenticand it is in possession of the govern2 08O nient ot" the United States, and thatthe evidence was procured by this'government during the present weelRead what Daisy Baker's Muther, vsays about Home-Made Breadand how much she can save onher household expenses.isstelv v r v - : J 5ii'i . zC Im2m mI 11 s5"? ''tiwflLSM vaTue 466 0TS t that it is in my opinion Ineompal-1UIU nitll bAAA VWV- wwww. ww Uv4.-Number of sheep, 24,343umoer oi bueey, ,ow w genate afc the preson(. t,me anyIS ' 'nr ' m. ' ' f.'sfiV " ' fyrther information in possession ofYou Don't HaveL To Stoop; If You Use aGARLANDCabinet Range.ts-a! BmPBsBsVS t -li . " '")Number of hogs, G.562.valueValue agricultural implements Value agricultural productValue wagons, carriages,autos. etc,Value office satesValue household furnitureVc1" "J.-ry, etcPianos and other musicalI instrumentsRaw material bo be manufactured j Value manufactured arti-I clesj Oil paintingsValue of books( Value of diamonds."Watches, clocks, etc., ....Other jewelry-oiu, el"? ana plan!wareSteam engines and boilersWhiskies, etc.,Stocks of goodsOtiher propertyProfessional Cards.ao con the government of the United States5 300 resolution of the Senate.fn "Respectfully submitted.- ' ' "ROBERT LANSING.?114 785 ' The Senate, without comment, or770 dered the report and letter printed and240,02'J referred to the Foreign Relations Com28,080 mittee.j Adoption of the resolution asking6,525 for the information came at the closeof a day of solemn debate, which11,950 readied a climax with RepublicanSenators joining Democrats in con-2.000 'demning the astion of Senator Stone,250 Chairman of the Foreign Relations1;275 Committee, who declared the story oflo!o65 the plot was given out by the govern-'673 ment to affect public qplui6n, and in-350 sistod upon asking Uie Presidentv nether the information was received675 from the representatives of any bell-3,125 itjerent nation.4,275 Senator Fall, Republican, said he369.053 did not wonder tihat the President de-102,640 cided to reach public opinion throughfhp nvpw in view of the attitude oiroembers of the Senate who ought tobe his advisers.If you could only actually seeit, smell it and taste it!Yes3 I baked it myself. It'svery little trouble and it's lotsbetter than I can buy.Then too, it means a bigsaving. I am cutting downon my meat bills because thefamily is eating so much morebread. They seem to like itbetter than the more expensive foods.Even if I were not saving onmy other bills, I am still saving almost half on the breaditself.You can do the same thing". It's nothard. All you need is a good recipeand a good flour. vftttf .The flour that I use is wonderfullyeasy to work with. It's made in Ohioright in the Miami Valley where thesoft winter wheat has an unusual quality on account of the rich limestonesoil. It's good for everything, and itgives a most delicious nutty flavor toyour baking. Take my advice and tryI AM I ELLFlourSee how much better o::: ) ..IvV.jj willbe and see how much you can save!You will like William Tell better thanan' other flour you ever used. ;M HWILLIAM TELL FLOUR is sold under a Triple Guarantee.It bears the Ohio Better Flour Label and is Guaranteed by themill that makes it and by the grocer who sells it,Hil!ilil!lill!BMil!llMlllill!lllI!MII!ll!llllillliIlIliIMSr'lllfflppIPor Sale by ASI Leading DcaScrs'ZIWMERMAN'S LETTER IN, ALLEGED GERMAN PLOTSourbon BusSdirig &zLoan AssociationIN REAR OF BANKEntrance on Fourth StreetDR, WM. KENNEY.Eye, Ear, Nose and Throat.' A beautiful line of Garlands on dltlay. Come In and look them over.ParisGas & Electric Co.ROOMS 403-404.PHONE 136.-WM. GRAIN NANAttorneyatLawROOMS 401-402.wASHTXfJTOX. March 5. Following is the letter of instructions sent'by Foreign Minister Zimmerman, of'Germany, to German Minister vonj Eckhardt in Mexico City disclosingthe plot for an alliance Kf Germany.Mexico and Japan against the United"BERLIN, January 19, 19L7."On the 1st of February we intendto begin 'submarine warfare unrestricted. In spite or this it is our intention to endeavor to keep neutralthe United States of America. f"If this attempt is not successfulwe pi'Otpose an alliance on the following basis with Mexico: That we shallmake war together and together makepeace. We' shall give general financial support and it is tmderstoood thatnT,..,!n ta in rApnnniier tne lost lh-'tory in New Mexico, Texas and Ari-r.ona. Tiie details are leu. to juu imsettlement."You are instructed to inform thepresident of Mexico of the above intihe greatest confidence as soon as it1S certain that there will be an outlypak of war with the United States,.i onrirocf Hmt the nresident of'Mexico, on his own initiative, shouldcommunicate with Japan suggestingadherence at once to liiis plan, atthe same time offer to mediate bettween Germany and Japan.I "Piease call to the attention of the"president of Mexico that the employ-" ii.i r...i-kt-1-inT.inn wnifnr'!rioriT oi ruimesa auumu.u .---nowpromises to compel England tomake ,DDnra in a few months.'(Slriled) ZIMMERMANN."ORIENTAL TIMBER BAMBOO.The nlantincs of the Oripntal tim-jber bamboo in nortihern Florida andLouisiana have grown to a height or25 feet, and there is no longer anyquestion about their producing in thiacountry gscd canes comparable toto those which they produce m Chinaand Japan. A quick method of Uieirpropagation Jias been worked out sjthat it will be now possible to supply ,large enough quantities of tiie youngnlants to set out many small area-,throughout the South, from the Caro iUnas to California wherever there is!sufficient moisture and the land is not .too high priced to admit of their cul-tivation.1 f" ev4 rB?neBnnarcenBEXBBKSBBBCSSESBBiMHHIIBKSKSBIHSBCZflBHBfliHflBiKSBBSBBBfflVSHrvlcirYOU NEED A SPRING LAXATIVE,rr. Kintr's New Life Pills will .re-mnvo tiiP n.rv.iimnlated wastes of win-'f frnm vnill- Ittfpcf in pd , fllft bUrdCll .of the bloo'd. Get that sluggish spring jleenng out oi yum byaicm, ""bun-i.vnnr pvp. filear vour complexion. Getthat vim and snap of good purified Ihealthy blood. Dr. King's New L,itenine nvo n nnn-srrinine: laxative that. - . m. 4-Km fnaids natures process, ny wem tonight At all druggists, 25c.(adv-mar)The City has added a new Fire T: tickto its equipment to provide adequate andefficient protection to you.The County has built modern roads forvour convenience, safety and comfort andto provids an efficient means of travel andtransportation.The Home TelephoneCompany has added a new Truck toits equipment, which, with rts other two,will provide an efficient rrieans of caring forthe plant which furnishes modern telephone service.Have you a HOME PHONE? Join themodern procession. Call contract department now.Protect YourselfAgainst Illness!SIGNS OF GOOD DIGESTION.When you see a cheerful and happvold lady you may know that she hagood digestion.. If your digestion ibimpaired or if you do not relish'yourmeals take a dose of ChamberlainsTablets. They strengthen the stomach, improve the digestion and causua gentle movement of the bowels. Obtainable everywhere.(adv-mar)1You may be enjoying the best of health, today. There may come aliege of illness. ARE YOTT PEEPAEED POE IT?Doctor's bills and enforced idleness are expensive. When you have" atank account you are prepared to combat illness. . n.Ha1 mihiinist informs the) Brit1 J-l JJlllltJM.Can you conceive of anything more tragic than a long period of illness , ish people that the jar will I vrithout any funds? . Locates that there is one optimist lefton earth. Galveston News.BAD COLDS FROM iI -SUDDEN CHANGES.- '' Spring brings alb kinds of weatherand' with it come colds Jand the revival of winter coughs and ioardness. Pr. Bell's Pine-Tar-Hone willhaaA nfP a. TiP.w cold or stoD the oldone, the soothing balsams relieve theParis Home Telephone 8 Telegraph Go,"DIVINE HEALER" DIES.LOS ANGELES. March 5. AugustSchrader, self-styled divine healer,Viiose trial on a charge of fraudulentuse of the mails was interrupted 07illness, died at the count hospitalFrancis Schlatter, also claiming to bea divine healer, and Schrader were 1ii.dicted a year ago for the alleged;1 eceipt of money for "blessed handkerchiefs" sent through the mails. ,dncornoratedlJ. J. VEATCH, Uistrict Manager.W. H. CANNON, THOMAS K.Equipment Manager.SMITH.Cashier.6S3ceee$esmu9mxxRANK FOOLISHNESS.You occasionally see it stated thascolds do not result from cold weather.This is rank foolishness. Were ittrue colds would be as prevalent inmidsummer as in midwinter. Themicrobe that causes colds flourishesin damp, cold weather. To get ridof a cold take Chamberlain's CoughRemedy. It is effectual and is highivrecommended by people who haveused it for many years as occasion recuired, and know its real value. Ottainable everywhere..!Zm Bros. Department StoreSiventD ana "rtlais Sts. ' Paris, RtntacRyTobacco Cotton iTherefore, if You Haven't. a Bank.' ' Mccoiint, Start ,Ond Toay vFarmers' & Traders' BankIF YOUare troubled with dandruff, itchingscalp, and your hair 'coming out, wegsk you to tryJ4All Grades at LowestPrices..hi0.9.11vTRADE MARK"JF. P. KISER, PresidentWM. GRIMES. Bookkeeper.Sixth and Main Streets Paris, lyan-ra fhrnnt. flJld healJNO. J. M.CUNTOCK, CMhtor tsiies. - Get albotUeHAIR TONICmmrantPfl that it will glv9the irritated tis- u relief and satisfaction or moneyto-day and? start Sfundea. Sold only 'by usj 50c andtreatment at once. At your druggist. "St00.'25c. " Formula on the' bottle. ',(adv-mar)Twin Bros, Pep'l StorferkiaTjiwnnPTilR- Thebruggist,'Paris Kentucky.B I JE IS '1 1 'JH&FirrrAY, march 2, 1917.THE BOURBON NEWS, PARIS, KY.PAtfE SEVEBTtrivtts in. the past have bled and diedand this memory makes the? flag mortreasured and more worthy of reverence. Now the duty falls on everAmerican of keeping the Hag true tti'ese same ideals and of protecting ifrom any encroachments from the outside.A flag over every school will heirin fostering the spirit of patriotismthat has been let go to sle&p in man.hearts. It is there still and can bearoused. The waving of the Star?nd Stripes and national music helpl-j quicken the patriotism. Teache1and pupils catch the spirit and it pre'ades their work.More patriotism is needed as muclin limes of peace as in preparation forpossible war that we hope will neve,come. It is needed to stimulate menexposure Soothe end re- to stricter observance of law and toiicve them with Sibans T ini- the fuller realization of the principler.m nnuicM in mo i '.nncii iriii-rn r n rano. I . OUUWttl iSLlVJtV;. i .i ifwawy pia.rs or ointments The flag need not be expensive, butc "wc. not Stain tile stir, it should be over every school everyM wecthcr a oh as follow-:ent, easy to apply, it quickly emboded in the Constitutionv-elrfes & llJ; rxl guarantees equal rights to allregimes itttthoat robbing .Cleaner speciai privileges to none.1 or rheumarw name Mft,,Mit. fair daj. Let the duty of raising and? h,rH P ' "ttiratea, lowering the flag be shifted so thatpit, lumbago, rnrams, strains, many will have the honor during theiHilSes ana Still SOre muscles, hav qohonl .session. It will not be long un7 . .Sic Vs Liniment handy.At all onjistx, 25c. 50c. end S1S-2.PL SJ s m b S Tip a fei2lI i I 1 S H LLJj re E Sg1 LiiTiiiAwhiJ! 1 Y yX-S 95til each bov will begin Lo look torward eagerly to the day when it willbe his time to take care of the flag.Tiliis earlv interest in the flag willRESIDENT GIVEN POWFRTO ARM OUR SHIPSWASHINGTON, March 5. Author. to arm Ameiican sois aji p.o.lerinn rights at sea would be ves1 in President Wilson in a bill paed by the House, has been .passedo;e of 403 to 13. It was passe'"ter an all-day debate, in which theot so aired its patriotism.Thd measure as finally passed is faiom satisfactory to the President, ';s said, and Administration leaderswill endeavor to have it amended beore it is finally enacted into law to-onfer upon the President all thelowers to meet the international situaticn which he requested.The House voted down all efforts f)after tine bill, defeating proposals toprevent the protection of ships carlying munitions to European belligerents. Sneaker Clark announced the voteamid applause and cheering Opposition to the bill had faded during theday before patriotic appeals fromleaders on both sides of the Ilousoand hon the roll v?s calle 1 only nineRepublicans, three Democrats and theSocialist voted in the negative. Theywere:Ilemiblicans Benedict, of CaliforHAVE YOU A BAD BACK?If You Have, the Stateman. of ThisParis Resident Will Interest You.Does your back ache, night and day;Hinder work; destroy your rest?Does it stab you through andthroughvWhen you stoop or lift or bend?Then your kidneys my be weak.Often backache is the clue.Just to give you further proof.The kidney action may be wrong.If attention is not paidMore distress will soon appear.Headaches, dizzy spells and nerves.Uric acid and its illsMake the burden worse and worse."Liniments and p'aters can'tReach the toward cause at all;Help the kidneys use the pillsParis folks have tried and provedWhat they say you can believe.Read this Paris woman's accountSee her, ask her, if you doubt.Mrs. J. C. Feltmann, S. Pleasan4Street, Paris, says: "A few years ago1 was suffering with kidney complaintMy back was the worst sjurce o'pain and ached dreadfully. I found itdifficult to bend cr stoop. I had oftenread about Doan's Kidney rills and Jused a box. They cured me of the atANOTICE TOTHE PUBLICThe lew Directory of the Cumberland7a5epihe & Telegraph Co-(Incorporated)will soon be issued. The new list will be corrected up toMARCH IBih . .?vA all those who wish to make changes in their listings,to place an advertisement in the new Directory, or tohave their names placed in the new Directory, shouldcommunicate with H. I-I. FLOYD, Manager, at once.Jim. vary, ol Wisconsin, cooper, ui; tacit, wnenever l nave had any reWisconsin, Davis of Minnesota, Helge-iturn svnmtoms. I have used Duan'shelp make a better citizen of him sen. of North Dakota, Lindbergh, of "Kidney Pills .procured from Oberdorv. hen he becomes a man. Minnesota, Nelson, of Wisconsin, I fer's Drug Store and have receivedStafford, of Wisconsin, Wilson, of i the same good results."A FLAG OVER EVERY SCHOOLPrice 50 cents, at all dealers. Don'tsimply ask for a kidney remedy getDoan's Kidney Pills the same thatMrs. Feltmann had. Foster-MilburnCo., Props., Buffalo, N. Y. (adv)TURKS IN RETREAT.IllinoisEOARD TO SETTLE DATE i Democrats Decker, oL Missouri,I FOR FARMEK5' iNfci 1 1 u 1 1. , siipcicieioru, ot Missouri, snerwoou, otj Ohio.At a meeting of the State Board of Socialist London, of New York.'Agriculture to be held in Louisville The measure was sent over to theto-day the question of the time and , Senate, where it is expected the Senplace for holding the State FaYners' ate committee's bill, approved by theInstitute will be determined. TUie In President and authorizing not onlyinn? n? th ,.; Mii 'stitute was to have been held in Win- the arming of ships, but the employ-,-.. ci,nu i. ".:".. , rhester. but was called off because nient of "other instrumentalities," will LONDON, March 5. The remnantsfa- wavintr abovo tw ",,;,,. adequate accommodations could not be substituted. ,of the Turkish force retreating fromoer the DlavfcrniindT tms V be secured at the hotels for the dele- Ne'-er since questions arising out of Kut-El-Amara have been shatteredrjendable Draciice and ii,, 1 iL. ??" Rates. Lexington and Hopkinsville the European war began to agitate completely, according to informationlineral P Sll0U,d becouie Jjave been contending bidders -for the the House almost three years ago has given out in the House of Commonshonor of entertaining the members of there been such a display of patriotic The Turks, it was said, wouldThe Stars and 'Stripes, our national , the Institute nonpartisanship as was witnessed in teach Bagdad only as a disorderlyr -nUem, shouid mean much to ever- J Uie chamber. mob.American. 7t stands for the5 bes't The most delightful sound to be Democrats and Republicans, ever Financial Secretary Porsier saidimnirK of nur rmmirv omini ritrhtc i hrnri in ihe earlv davs of spring is most of the members who heretofore tihat more than 2,500 prisoners hau.1:1 i-qual opportunity for everyone, the cackle ot the" family hen. The have aligned themselves with the es- been taken byT.o nnvi ft-rp or sftf.irnvf.niiM' . trnnh p. is sne aoes llOL ijuukiu uiion Lreims wuiiisi i;i"UL'. juniuu in nsui- uj -, uufr human libertv in tJio Western oncush. Memphis Commercial-ApCUMEiERLAND TELEPHONE &'ESA5!Sll,S rv.titjafi-fili 'iJ.um rsnnd Sn (3 ,ia asuuIai3R(Incorporated.)PARIS, KENTUCKYt i' v '' '- j"!"i' rii"i'ri -j--"f--3"i"i 3"""i"3";-"i"r-i"i"3'iT'i""r rT'i"!" '2 i fi 't 'i 'H "h i.SoSe Agencyy.ndsphere. For thebe principles pa peal.stood f-TMnst the,prenarpdess pi ins.jdminTstrationsand llpublifanSafest Druggists Sell E-RU-SA Pile CurebrAUSE it contains no onintGS. no lead, no mercury, no Bella-donna, no poisonous drug. All other pile medicines containing tru? Loader Mann, uhose uttewices often'id1 )ve named harmful drusrs cause piles, and the sale of same is iiaVe been strongly opposed to theillegal. E-RU-SA cures piles, or $50 forfeited. For sale by President's international poMMcs. votl ' ed for the measure, the latter havingG. S. VARDEIN & SON (The RexalS lom)and ARDERY DRUG CO.(jan30-6t-T)the British since Febthat since the coming for the bill. Representatives 'menceraent of the crrexiire on uecemBailey, of Pennsylvania, geneiolly rec 'ber o0, some 5,00'0 Turkish prisoncn.o-Tiised as reflecting the views of had been taken. The tou TurkishWilMim Jen"inJ?s Bran, Aoted in the ' casualties in ki'led and ou'ided wasamrmative and announced his inte-. estimated by Gen. Mantfe as moretion in advance. Democratic LeadT than 20,000.Kitchen, who heretofore ahiys h3sV.'HEN TO TAKECHAMBERLAIN'S TABLETSsupported it in a vigorous speecn.A MAN AND HIS WIFEFIVE MINUTES! NOINDIGESTION, GAS ORSOUR, ACID STOMACH.TheMoment "Pape's Diapepsin"Reaches the Stomach AllDistress Goes.HDasap-? I1' i ,i ftS VVUx;MSWboth derive saiisfaction 'A phone brings us.LEVY, THE DRY CLEANERCumberland Phone 40 Home Phone 169 2L. & NTImay DOtn derive sansiaciion "Really does" put upset stomachs, . . ., . i ;ii ia order "really does" overcome ind5-by having their worn and soiled gfestion dyspepsia, gas, fermentationgarments cleaned by us. The in Ave minutes-that-just thatr--to makes Pape s Diapepsm the largestCOSt is nominal, while the pleas- selling stomach antiacid and regulator, , , xi. j. i the world. If what you eat fer-ure of wearing old clothes that ments and turns sour, ycu belch ga?hflVP Ihp pnnparannp of nw in and eructate undigested food or wanave me appearance oi n.w, in ter. aiead is dizzy and aches. breatiiconjunction with the knowledge foul: tongue coated; your insidesfilled with indic-est'ble waste, remem-that you are effecting a great eY the moment "Pane's Diapepsin", i , comes in contact with the stomachsaving, must surely satisfy you. all such distress vanishes, it's trulyastonishing almost marvelous, andthe joy is its harmlessness.A large fifty-cent case of Pape's Diapepsin is worth its weight in gold tomen and women who can't get theirstomachs regulated. It belongs invour home should always be kepti handy in case of sick, sour, upsetstomach during the day or at nights.ET A lOTT "EP '.It's the Quickest, surest antiacid forJ. JLJL jOJLJ JQj tlie stomach in the world. (adv)When you feel dull and stupid aftereating.When constipated or bilious.When you have a sick headache.When ypu have a sour stomach.When you belch after eating.When you have indigestion.When nervous or despondent.When you have no relisJi for yourmeals.When your liver is torpid.Obtainable everywhere.(adv-mar)f?STACY - ADAMSSHOE7-o and $7-50lake Advantage of These Pricesand SafvejMoney.HARRY LINVILLEt'"I-"'I"I"'"l"yiiH"l,lllIllI"i"l"'I"I-I"l-I"I"I-I..I..l..!..l..l ! ! i f .j. j. f, i ;, ; ,;..h..h' IFEBRUARY 11917(Effective Sunday, May 28, 1916, 12.01)TRAINSNo.134342510114017.7123326299138.1819?9143231130FROMLIGHTING THE MOTORCYCLEARRIVALLexington, daily except Sunday 5: 18 mAtlanta, daily 5:25 amCynthiana, daily except Sunday .....7:35 amRowland, daily except Sunday 7:36 amMaysville daily except Sunday , 7:3S amLexington daily except Sunday. . - ,.,7:40 amMaysville, daily except Sunday 9:50 amCincinnati, O., daily S :52 amLexington, daily 10:12 amChicago, daily 10:17 amLexington, Daily Except Sunday 12:00 mCynthiana, Daily Except Sunday .- 2:55 pmMaysville, Daily Except Sunday 3:00 pmLexington, Daily 3:12 pmKnoxville, Tenn., Daily -:lo PmMaysville, Daily 5:40 pmCincinnati, Daily Except Sunday 5:50 pmLexington, Daily Except Sunday 6:18 pmJacksonville, Fla., Daily 6:33 pmCincinnati, O., Daily Va oo pmLexington Daily 10:23 1 mTRAINSNo.FORLEAVE1634401110253713333182613?S9914.1230139118UU129Maysville, Daily except Sunday 5:30 amCincinnati, waily . : amCincinnati, daily except Sunday 7:45 amLexington, daily except Sunday J:47 amMaysville, daily except Sunday 7:48 amLexington, daily except Sunday 9: 5o amKnoxville, daily -J;" amLexington, daily O amjavjivauuviuci uo"JThe latest attachment for tihe ubiquitous motorcycle is a complete elec'trie generating plant for lighting theihoadlight, similar to the apparatusused in automobiles. Uo to now theheavy weight of such installations has.prevented their use on motorcycles,but a light system, consisting of a regulator and generator taking its poweifrom the turning axle has been perfected. The rgulator keeps the voltage constant at varying speeds of themotorcycle. As a result of the newdevice, the motorcycle of the futuremay be expected to cruise with itsown electric lights, freed from thedangers of batteries or carbide supplygiving outHOW TO PREVENT CROUP.When the child is subject to attacks of crou,o, see to it that he eat",a light evening meal, as an overloaded stomach may bring on an attackAJso watch for the first sympomshoarseness, and give Chamberlain'sCough Remedy as soon as the childbecomes hoarse. Obtainable everywhere. (adv-mar)Maysville, daily.12:04 proj ... lo.nc .Cynthiana, daily except Sunday , "Lexington, dally except Sunday ' oon pmCincinnati, daily : l?n PmLexington, daily except Sunday 5:o7 pmRowland, Daily except Sunday 6:00 pmMaysville, daily except Sunday 6:33 pmChicago, daily 6:38 pmCynthiana, daily except Sunday 6:48 pmLexington, Sunday only 9 : 33 pmMaysville, Sunday only 9 : pmRowland, Sunday only 9:40 pmLexington, Dally 6:35 pmW c5 O- sI?Jiv.3Ell!?JTLsA PORTABLE COLD WAVE..NO.12TRAINS AFRIVE FROMFranlcforf, tey., Eaily Ex. Sunday 7:38 a. mFatnkfort, 4ty., Daily Ex. Sunday .? &:5U ptf. ;r ? "'jT , innnucrnni rwr WFrankfort. Ky.. Daily Ex. SundayFrankfort. ICy., Daily Ex. Sunday...... v-.f t 6:m.rr$;2 a, m6:25 p. re.When the last Hippodrome spectaclewith its feature ice ballet took theroad from New York, it seemed at' first as though the great skating number, most popular on the program.would have to be left behind, for th! question aroe of how an ice tank'could be produced on the stage of!each fresh town visited. The directors solved the problem by construcfnc two complete portable ice-manu'incturing plants each unit of eacnplant pumps, motors and pipingl.ing mounted so that it could b-loaded and unloaded, assembled and,tikon down witihout delay. While th-1 company was playing in one town, tho. second ice plant was' ahead at the nexi setting the stage ready. The waterji'of freezing was held in place on theJ stage by "a shallow canvas' basin nf2,000 gallons capacity.mi4Y M fif? 11 fl M It 11 II FitI ill 1 fr. w E lil II P III Tm fc MM Mm m Mm Am MM Mi I h Xmmd m mm niivruiiUSE CO.j TOBACCO WAREH0PARIS, KENTUCKYREAKS Ail Recordsbaeco Saleseason's Average $18.55or To-RecordsFloor Average $24.09 per hundredCrop Average $36.13 per hundredper hundredFwo Baskets ' SIf you want to get the RHONE Y $ui yeur'i'ic5P3eco yncler the LIGSH r of the Independent.CHAS. C. CLARKE, Manager;HtW3IMttWttlMMQ3HfMWWg8tff(i.PAGE EIGHTTHE BOURBON NEWS, PARIS, KY.TUESDAY, MARCH f, lj.feiiKvi!UI'! IMMILLERSBURGirapro, ,,DEATHS. !FARMERS' INSTITUTE AT NORTH .PRESIDENT AND VICEMIDDLETOWN, MARCH 8-9.PRESIDENT INAUGURATEDFOR SECOND TERM.3 ...vins !i.Mr. J. G. Allen is lttlowly.. t Mrs. J. B. Cray and Mr. R. L.Powell remain very much the same.Miss Robertson, of Minerva, is thethe guest of her cousin, Miss McLonaButler.Mr. C. W. Corrington "was in Cincinnati on business from Tuesday un-jW Friday.CARROLL.Tihe infant son of J. C. Carrol wasburied Thursday afternoon inParis Cemetery from the residence ofhis parents, at the corner of Mainand Twelfth streets.The Ndrth Middletown Commercialninl oti-TIT Vkl.l .. V.....1 .MH..1 T I . --rrv&Y4-f"n--. -. -. - .VjIilu yxl uuiu no iuiiu ctuuuui jp arm VV AollllN Vx JL U1S, JJ. U., AiarCll 0.- -ers' Insitute on Marcfr 8 and 9. The ' President Woodrow Wilson took Hi?program announced indicates that it oath of office for his second term atwill be the most extensive and the noon yesterday in his room at the'ie most-successful of any yet undertaken Capitol, and was formally inauguratedLeie. pionuay wun puoiic ceremonies re-The meeting of the Institute will be jiecting a great National expression oiopened with an address by Matt patriotism. Before a desk piled highCohen, Stale Commissioner of Agri- with executive business laid before4 culture, on "Kentucky's Agricultural him in the closing hours of Congress.uppor amities; itoi. vv. u. Nichols, and surrounded by members of hisi-&comingAttraction?"PARIS GRAND ID ALAMOTUESDAYMcKBE.an. iiiga. itiv;ivuc, iigcu viiiiin,.- r j.i, o..- a -:iii -n i. . . .. .. .. Z. - . -... . ........ Ul Llie OLclLt: AKllljUlLUlill VjX Ilfrin 111HI1 L Mllimni Mmi v tlio kpoc rtnnt rootHrmnrteiKht. a orotner oi iurs. Agnes r.icivee .. ,. T t .. -.i j , .. ...., y xuUb im.mv.ur V o WMvi,t f Qimnnnville ArklP of iioar Firis died at his hnmp oluuoii at jexiiigum, wm speaK on with, upliltecl hand and grave featuresMrs. Lena Wright, of Simpsonwue, Arkie, or near -ans, aieu at nis nome ,. subl-eCf "Acrieulture nn Thn ;c .t,io i,m nfo r.ff.r j - L4AQ JX WJULLAJV ,J UJllUlU tlUl VjllOUtUHUU111 tlie atternoon Geoffrey in ivhn.tfivr crisis mnv onnfmnf fitMMorgan, in charge of the countv Nation in the momentous four yearsagents of the Extension Department, .before him. After he had solemnly 1CHAS. RICHMAN ANDDOROTHY KELLYinuis the guest ofher cousins Mesdamesn Beverly Township, in Canada, re- FarmS. H. Endicott and M. u. Jriursi. icenuy, auer a suoii uiuess. ma sis-' Miss Judith Beeding, of Lexing- ter, Mrs. Arkle, of Paris, and onetonflumesu,,r-at six" children.Mrs J. P. Auxier sold aa&.aeS S. H. End.oott and 51. u-f" "?,J sunlvors o a famU of tion;" Dean George Roberts, of tbe Washington a century ago President'houseand lot in Judyville last week to Mr.Allison, of Nicholas county lor a pii-vate price.John Toomeyaking out a plate glass were held in the Chapel in the Lex- lZTl"(r i nn SrnJ SiVIn aPin' me c?remany ?in5' fined ?10 and costs, 'ington Cemetery. Mr. Bentley is sur- f" . Hnienmire on it fn K fi1 'f1?s Y. W. C. A. convention vived by several brotbors and sisters, S' fl?,.nH-)hF: l?ulJ: xe !!lf,.. FlfSd??1 decAedBENTLEY.Funeral services over the body ofMr. Charles Eentley, a former resi-was arraigned be- dent of Little Rock, this county, whoore Judge Wadell a few days sincj died m tlie (iood Samaritan Hospital,icnrpriv ronduct ill the Blue in Lexington, after a short illness.Howl and breakingwindow. HeTVi StateTrill convene here Friday, baiurau two or mem residing in tins county,and Sunday of this week. About fifty Mr. Bentlek had lived on his farmTlsiting delegates are expected. The near Little Rock many years. HeRelegates will be given a reception v. as taken to the Good SamaritanFriday afternoon at the M. C. Hospital last week suffering fromThe Carlisle local talent company ' pneumonia.ut on "Tihe Thread of Destiny," atthe Opera House here Monday even- BANTA.frig It was well received and was The funeral of Mr. Lot Banta,reeted with a good audience, notwith- aged ninety-one, who died Thursday!rfi5n- the bad weather. The acts night at his home near Little Rock.' Wa intprsnersed with music 'after a short illness, was held at Llt-College of Agriculture, will speak on Wilson kissed the Bible at the nassLegumes;" Miss Mary E. Sweeney iage reading: "Tihe Lord is our refuge,will discuss "Rural Home Economics." a very present 'help in time of trouble."On Thursday evening Lieut-Bov. Jas 'chief Justice White administered theD. Black vill deliver an address on 0ath, and was the first to extend hit--'TheFuture of the Kentucky Moun 'congratulations,tains;" Friday's program includes ad- Today the President took the oathdresses by R. L. Blastock, of Walnut again, this time the ceremany takingRED YMMQ"Second Episode of "TheSecret Kingdom.Constance Talmadge andWilfred Lucas in "ThsMicroscope rYsysisry,1Fine Arts productionifWEDNESDAY.Vivian Martin in"Her Father's Son17Oliver Morosco production on Paramount program. Also two Paramountcomedies.THURSDAY.Wm. S. Hart inaTh4 Devil's Docble"A bad man fights temptation and wins.Lonesome Luke in "Luke's DoublePathe comedy and Pathe's pictorialnews N-o. 3.-One of tie most enjoyable affairs J tie Rock. Saturday afternoon at three ' h , t railroadt and llas ouly a. ii. ,i., crixron hv inV.lnn.fr. with sprvip.ps conducted at the . . . . ., , ., . .. ,.urcnara in me aiteraoon aaaresses to comnlv literally with the constituwill be made by Hon. Reuben Hutch- tional stipulation that he. take the oathcraft, of Paris, on "The Tax Laws;" 0f office at noon on the 4th day ofProf. C. M. Truax, on "Pigs; ,and March. Vice-President Marshall tookProf. D. M. Slade on "The Baby i the oath of office to-day at the sameChick." Prof. H. H. Cherry, of the time as cuci President Wilson.Western Kentucky State NormalSchool, at Richmond, will speak in theevening on "Kentucky Rural Education," and plans have been made for ahigh-class concert to wind up the proceedings on Saturday night.North Middletown is ten miles fromHours Alaarso, 3 o 5:30; Paris Grand,T to 10s30, Admission S and 1 Oc.vl tlie week was uie uam:c 6i. -.the rillersburg Dancing Club m theOpera House, Tuesday night. Musiciras furnished by the Smith QuartetteThe cihajperons were Mr. and Mrs;Clarke Bascom, Mr. and Mrs. Sanforuand 3irs. r. w. v;w 'attending were, jmissand ElizabethAllen. MrAmong those;,v Vnimfr .Tnr.kson,c luUii8 ' : -i,. TofiinOL UW1I15SV1UVJ, -"'Mary noss,Paris; LouRatcliff.--, TT.Hrnhptll BrOWlLdciuica, ii... ,.. 0fof Paris; Lou uraasuaw diwu., -Sharpsburg:Louise Smith, GeneFaulkner, Blanton Collier, Miss ; Dun-nington, of Cyntmana, - ,Jo'clock, with services conducted at thekg me, by Rev. Metcalfe. The burialfollowed in the -old Banta buryingground near Little Rock.Mr. Banta's wife died fifty yearsago. He is survived by four children.Mrs. Margaret Sparks and Breckiuridge Banta, of Little Rock; AndrewBanta, of Okladioma; and James Banta, of Lexington. He was an uncleof Mrs. Lucy Squires, of Paris.Al-few hundred residents, so that its interests are tied closely to the adjoining districts. The Commercial Clubhas been working hard to make the Institute a success.Dinar l;irv0A.ii "Winchester: MargaretTJvieo AT'. nil. Mattie Butler, Ag-"' -tt.,ii "iiPA Tnsels. AmeliaHurst. Mr. 'and Mrs. Robert Johnson.? and Mrs. Alex Miller Mr anMrs Clarke Leer, of Millersburg' -cro'.io Hnll. Hawkins, Bur-no viv Cain McMurtry He is survived by two daughters.geSS, UUtJ, -. -i iw TI1n.V Ali-o T?rrTnov ATPMrfl nf P.ivinfrtnnMrgelovmTNelsoii Haggard, of and ' Miss Olive Robertson, of NewwEHhecter ."ohn Stuart, Withers and ork. a distinguished and accomplish-Davis, William i). """X. i Xr; "rTi tiT. .HvHarvey Rogers, oi ".o, j-- "--'- ?:1":",.Z' r.Hon MClVee, Vli 'US UlKfclir LU cUU&lt;, WUC1U UIU IU1IC1-RG6LRTS0N.Mr. Solomon Robertson, aged sev-Mity-four,for many years Clerk ofthe Nicholas Cir. uit Court, and Trustee of the Jury Fund of Nicholascounty, died in St. Joseph's Hospital,in Lexington, Saturday, after a longiliness of stomach trouble. Mr. Robertson was a prominent Mason and fortwenty years was secretary of the Carlisle Masonic Lodge.OOFORMER DEPOT EMPLOYEFILES SUIT FOR DAMAGESSTOCK, CROP, ETC.Suit against the Louisville & Nashville Railroad Company for $25,000damages has been filed in the officeof Circuit Clerk Wm. H. Webb, inParis, by Mr. R. L. Briggs, of Paris.On November 21, 1916, Mr. Briggs,who was employed at the Louisville &Nashville freight depot, on Thirdstreet, in this city, was thrown between two freight cars, receiving injuries, he alleges in his petition, aboutthe head and body ana a shock to hisnervous system, whicBi, combined.have totally incapacitated him fromO earning a living. Briggs was employled as a freight handler.In Scott county last week, J. L Briggs claims that while employ-Carrick & Co., bought of Mr. Skinner, ,od as a freight handler at the dopo1;of Bourbon, one hundred and ten bar- he wan engaged in transferring freightrels of corn at $5.18, delivered. RobL , trom one car to another, and that.Ward, of Newtown, bought of Mrs. C (while removing a skid plank connectL. Garth, of Lexington, 250 barrels ing the two cars a reight engineof corn at ?5.50 barrel. ling the two cars a freight engineThe prospect for a good wheat to the ground, the heavy plank fallcrop this year, according to a well- ins on him, inflicting injuries which,I posted Bourbon county farmer, is not 3-e alleges, have prevented him fronas promising now as it was a few resuming active work.veeks ago. It seems that after theheavy snow and sleets the cold weath- MEASLES EPIDEMIC IN CARLISLE.er which followed, froze and injuredJoeTurner.Homer WhittakerHam Northcott,Tipton and SoUi Botts,Asbury, ?asi. Croucl .Duke Don-ii Mr Meadows, ol ""','' .Vll !. -Cvnthiana; Williamof ML SteNathan Young,the young shoots, though the extent ofteh damage is not yet positivelyknown.al was held yesterda'.VANARSDALE.The boay of Mr. Elijahdale, father of Mrs. C. BVanarsMitchell, ofKENTUCKY STOCKMENEFFECT ORGANIZATIONn At I norn c i- . i iii-.i l x r --DnrAthr- ATnvsvilie; Alien J.11&W, .fans, who was Kineu uy a iram nearm" . TnePls H. C. Current, Julian Lakeland, Florida, last week, wasAdair Russell Caldwell, Alfred Pence, i)r0Ught to Paris, Saturday atternoon, winhnWright Major Kelson, Capts. !for interment in the Paris Cemetery, ticolumn and McGruder, Glenn Shank-jTne funeral was to have been held inlin, of Millersmns.Fifty cases of the measles in Carlisle last weok made the prevalenceot the disease assume tihe proportionsof an epidemic. Six children in thefamily of Mr. A. J. fcarr had the disease at one time. The enrollment ofpupils in the Carlisle Greded SchoolFor the purpose of advancing Hip as seriously altecteu. ten cnnuren ininterests of pure-bred live stock indu. one grade, the Third, being reportedtry in Kentucky, preliminary steps to- down with the measies. Tlie authoriward formation of a strong organiza- ties are doms all in their .power totinn vorfi taken at a recent meetintr combat tlie disease, ami an uue pre-4MATRIMONIAL.in LiOuisvnie. fromment siock menFriday afternoon, but due to delays in from all over the -State were present.railway connections, it did not arrive C. E.-larvin, or Faynes Depot, was.at his old home near Harrodsburg, un- elected Temporary Chairman and L.til Friday afternoon. Services were B. Shropshire, Louisville, Secretary.'held at the family home, conducted by Permanent headquarters are to be es-jRev. J. A. Trostle, of Harrodsburg. tablished at Louisville at once.'The remains, accompanied by Mr. C.l The organization will encourage parIB. Mitchell, of Paris. Mr. Abel Sharp Heularly the raising of pure-brepnnnF-FUl KNER. 'and Misses Isabel and Lucile Sharp, of stock, and it is announced the boduuuuni l- - j Talmadge, Mercer county, was brought will promote a system of operationM Wilbur P. Faulkner and Miss!nere Saturday afternoon and taken whereby th-ousands of dollars will beimrineGoode Wth of Lexington, wen? jdirect to Uie Paris Cemetery, where kept in the State which previouslylted a maniage license yesterday lhe interment took place. The pall- has gone elsewhere.DV V. OUnt) viv UL'ttlUIS fl c ms. iiaujva, u.xo. i.ua- -- wr....... w. v .- . - --.--E. B. January, John W. Larkin to ciratt plans lor permanent orgamzation, which will be eftectea in a meci-j Mr. Vanarsdale was a fine type ot mg on pru a. ine comrauiee vtithe old-time gentleman, and made j- composed of J. L. Lettrelee, Harod'sihost of friends here on his numerous Creek; R. H. Lilian!, Lawrencebi'rg,Visits. H. 0. Moxley, Shelby ville; W. R.Moor-Jliau, vxicillluaii, aim uuuu u. - " i.,t 1IANLV. hJarastown.Miss Mary ITanly. ajre-I seventycautiors are beingits further spread.taken to preventW93Q9QG09QImj .saysillpjjThe Worst Handicapin the world is WORRY it ties a man hand and foottakes off they edge of .his taients and cuts down hisability.WORRY as to what will happen to the family if anything should happen to you, will do more than anythingelse to reduce jour earning power.LIFE INSURANCE solve the problem the day you getyour Insurance Policy, is the day you cut your fetters.LIFE INSURANCE is the only sure cure for WORRY.The Noroiweston Wool Life ioeoranee Go.R. F. CLENDENIN, Associate Geneial AgentSvite 201-202 First Nafl BanK BIdg. PARIS, KY.cm Wfrlrrlm nn-k rr i risiiii. vjwaiieruuiiti .v ':., i,,tiv of --r Tiiov wprf niarrit-a aui; errv.Ltnt' the residence of the officiating and Robert L. Frankminister. Rev. W. B. EllisTALtfERT BROWN.MarywereIr Jesse Brown and Missn.nihort both of Bourbon county-.arried in Carlisle, Tuesday.Sf Maggie Belle Crump , of Nictolas countv, and Mr. Wm. D. Allisonnf BoTboA county, were married atSe tome -of the bride, near Carlisleon the same day.nine, one of the best-known and best-.PRICE OF HEMP SEEDbeloved women of "Vt. Sterling, diclI at her home in that city Friday of peritonitis. after a lont? illress. She wasTAKES ANOTHER JUMPThe latest quotations on hemp seedborn and rpared in Mt. Sterling, where , according to a local dealer, places theIciio imrl livfrt nil -her loner and very nrirp nf that arfr.inlfi at S13.50.iftvith aSKIDMORE PHILLIPS. Jugful life. She was foremonst in all .prospect of its going to $14oforoMr Wm. H. Skidmore and "a",worics 0f nharitv. and was one of the.verv lone:. In less than two weeksMae Phillips, both of Lexington, came most iova,ie Women in Mt. Sterling time there has been a sharp advancesupply isto the de-. (i...r.1iiv SlffPTIlOOn. anU .. , , v.i.. -,, Uir- nil r -l rft .. U,.nl,nl rpi,made application to .County ierviwho knew her. (now said to be hardly equalPearce Paton lor a mariitb " "-; j Miss Hanly was a sister ol Mr. jonn mand. IOn account of the youthful appearance Kanly and Mr Joe Hanley b0th for- Tihe orders which hive been receiv-jof the bride-to-be Clerk Paton causc;raer residents 0f Paris, and now resid- ed by the dealers of Taris for hemi,her to sign an affidavit that she was ing in Kansas City Bepides thes , seed may be taken as indicating they jpast, above and beyond twenty-one i oi twQ Drothers, she is survived by two will put in a larger acreage of hempage" County .ludge Charles A. aisc 'sisters, irs Margaret Ragan, of Mt. tliis season than has been the customMilian was called in and Pertormc7 j sterling, and Mrs. Betty Dorsey, of for many years. The crop with sometihft marriage ceremony Auuw. -" Umatilla, Florida. Messrs. Jos. ana farmers will, in a large way, supAgainstHigher Prices!Cy JGrasp this opportunityNOW! This wonderfulbargain givingUNLOADINGSALEareoffers you the biggestmoney-saving event.doing. Buy now forNot for a long timeDo as thousands of othersfuture as well as present needs.will you be able to buy high grade shoes at prices solow. .Follow the crowds here and save big money.wedshousee.hand-in hand, left tne t-uVrr John Hanly arrived Saturday to at-'piant tohacco. Seeding will hegin in.as happy as any coupn- w'u ; teni tie funerai, which was iheld Sun ( April, and the growers who are con-1day atternoon, the interment follow- j templating putting in a larger acreageing in Machpelaii uemetery, at iut. (iiave been putting in tilieir orders torFISHER SCHEFPER. Sterling. Miss Hanly was an anut olithe seed earlv in order that they wiUThe marriage of Miss BllzaPv:J Mr. Hanly Ragan, of Kansas City, for not be up against the condition thatPrewitt Fisher, daughter of Mr. J0inJ'naily years well-known in newspape'iexijted last season, when practically IX Fidier, of Louisville, former ol , circles in this state, having been tiie entire seed crop was exhaustedNorth Middletown, this county, to ir ipTorting editor of the Louisville Her-(0efore the growers had time to realiz-j'Halph K. Sclliter, oi tuiumuu-, --- ald .there was a shortage.fnrmerlv of Louisville, was reiuu.-w-?.,"n.- nt hiHi noon Saturday at the jAooCentral Christian Church, in Linenr?5OTic ami Mrs. Russel Mayhall,"..r ,- rvi crhoffer. Sr.. of Louis-v lie, were the only guests Present at.:..!.. li: ftPr to-dav Mr. and OMrs sSIr nf n.u..e tholr home inSuffield. Ohio.BIRTHS.',i Tihere is said to he a scarcity ofseed that will be likely to force theprice still higher during the next fewiweeks, although one dealer said Satur-day that it was more than likely therewould be a small decline in price.A son was born in St. Louis, Mo . ,n cuter of Mr. Warren Sunday, February 25, to Mr. and Mrb ,MILLERS' ASSOCIATION TOMEET IN LEXINGTON., Jtnro theCarlisle Mer Wm. M. Rogers.- :-1 lGZ twotenns a membcxlchristened WlnsfVjf-the Paris High School faculty.TAX ON AMUSEMENTS.Race tracks"lnlll Places ofamusement in K ;- 'The lad has beeninn ttrnttnn Koirers. i iur. u. ll. neniCK, oe uie rau& aiui-The mother was lormerly Miss Annie ing Co., President -of the KentuckyLaurie Brown, of North .Middletown, a Millers' Association, has called a meetniece of Mr. Jos. W Hart, of Paris. I ing of. that organization to be held in. (Lexington on next Thursday, MarchFIGHTING SLEEPING SICKNESS ;8- Notices of the meeting have been; ay lit vui uy an. vv. sn. vvumcu, .One of the little islands in the Gulf ?Ttanfo"!- Secretary of the Associationr nino, 0n. fh AfnVnn nn.ct h. More than forty millers in Centraln Sr cenL of their gross earnings" ---- . . , , v.r wonrpsRHia-if the bill introauiu , , i"' " .ii-. oi,rn Kentucky are menT-A;1?rr-Dover .ays that Vbi?miaZi methods. Sloping sick- "on- all of jhorntivehopnmes a law.are members of the Associa-are expected to atthe tsetse fly. and "" uie uhjuis,pecouiw onnrmous revenues t3,ness is carried byI AV III K 1 I lfr . . -.?L cli hp knows that it will meec he hundreds of men m the army oi ,..., AI jA! CA Cljrilll r, n,r r,,Tth-?uS;.onnos?tion. It is proposed I sanitation were turned into walking, WHEN ALFALFA SHOULD BE CUTLadies' Dark Russia Calf BootsS6.00 values 5Ladies' Dull Kid High Cut Boots$4.50 valuesLadies' Patent Kid Cloth Top Boots5.00 valuesLadies' Patent and Gun Metal Shoes$3.50 valuesLadies' Cun Metal, button, S2. 50 val.Ladies' Felt Boudoirs, 31.00 valuesLadies's Felt Juliets, fur trimmed1.50 values3.69;2ssS.4-91.99!1.69Men's Russia and Platinum Calf Walk-Overand Beacon, 84.50 values $3.4-9Men's Russia and Plat. Calf English WalkOver Samples, So.00 valuesrr..$400Men's Gun Metal English Medium Toe Welts,$4.00 values $2.99Men's Gun Metal Button and LaceS3.00 values t .99Men's Tan and Black Rompns.49 ! S1.S0 vnlnpa OQr-.. w w.w. .................. w ,Men's Black Felt Slippers79 1 75-cent values 49cLadies' Dawn Grey Kid, Also Mahogany Tan, Most Fashionable Boots at AlmostONE-! ALF THE PRICE YOU PAY ELSEWHEREBoys', Misses and Children's Shoes at Great Bargain Prices.FROM THE "IVIaeDoiiaSd-liiley Bankrupt SaleMen's High Grade fV2, Sc K. $ I O.OO and $ 1 2.00 ShoesVarsity Shoes AA to OON SALE &-SERE AT ONE-HALF PRICE IlUX O""o - , . Un. IniriOM 111. flf.nnnnr ilnrtnf thn PamnniPTI ThPV ' In rrnnnfnl olfolTo nViniilrl 1a riita nf the ordinary license for sucli wore canvas suits coated with a sticic f0r ihay when the young shoots at thsteaa on amusement. Places o substance similar to that used in cum-, bases of the plants first appear. Ifp ceLont will include picture shows, mercial fly-papers. Five years ago these new shoots become long enoughamusement win nY, J.,. ! to .nmoHm nxht snn fiipr-. i, ,.f nn u f ,... , .a day. This squad of 300 caught 17.--crop may be badly damaged. The000 a month. For the last nine months blossoms often appear simultaneouslyaance1UCU1- ..... - -halls and ball parKs.a rriiTip- to repotts, camevjerait " . , .j .tfVi th'..- n nr liao lioon namrVlf nnfl iht .. ill. U -n,. -...n f,l,..in V...4- l,1nnn, near being aeconiwu .c v- .uui . iv n . v-wt,.. . ..w mm WiC UKs juuue auuuw, um uiuaGennaii order of the double-cross j sickness has disappeared from the is soms alone are Jiot a safe gijide toDAfiC0HEMParis' Greatest Shoe Store.335 Main Street, aris, Ky,Ammaao?sammsIAtlanU Journal.landthe time for cutting.i j$7L-V.kr