."- ,w?"rPUBLISHED EVERY TUESDAY AND FRIDAY IN THE YEAR.V.'sVOLUME XXXVIIPARIS, BOURBON COUNTY, KENTUCKY, FRIDAY, AUGUST 24, 1917-" rf "NEWSTHEBOURBONHEW COUNCIL HOLDS CAUCUS;MAY BE SURPRISES.The recently-nominated membersof the" Paris City Council, held apreliminary family caucus Wednesdaynight for the purpose, according towell-founded reports, of discussingtheir probable action in regard to selecting men to fill the various cityoffices when they take their newoffices in January.The information, which came toTHE NEWS from a reliable source,was to the effect that the. conferencewas attended by all the members,and that the discussion was not aloneconfined to the selection of officials,"but that other subjects, especiallythose affecting the future financialand business interests of the citywere taken up and discussed in athoroughly harmonious and businesslike manner.Among others things considered,it is alleged, the conference discussed the matter of employing city officers and city hands, the first mentioned, police and firemen, etc., to beemployed and paid monthy, and thecity hands, quarrymen, street cleaners, etc., to be paid weekly, theirterm of employment being conditionalupon the prompt, faithful and efficient performance of their duty. Thus,an employe could be removed at willfor incompetency or neglect of duty,instead of being carried on the citypay-roll for a year.THE NEWS has from its source ofinformation the further assurancethat at this conference the followingchanges in the personnel of the cityofficials were seriously consideredand recommended for action, as being the best for the city's interestand to remove possible friction:For City Attorney, Messrs. WilliamGrannan and John Williams wereconsidered, but the matter of selection left open; for patrolmen, GeorgeM. Hill, Grant Overby and RussellCrouch are under favorable consideration, the old force, being passed up;for City Health Officer, Dr. F. M.Faries considered, but selection leftopen; for Chief of Fire Departmentand City Electrician, Ullman Lancaster, considered; firemen, W. H. Duncan and Ed. Myers, practically agreedipon; for City Assessor, no actionwas taken, being left open for further consideration; for City Clerk,the present incumbent, Mr. J. W.Hayden, was given favorable consideration and practically agreed upon;for City Collector and Treasurer,Mr. Wallace W. Mitchell, of theFarmers and Traders Bank, wasagreed upon.The above is in the nature of beingbacked by semi-official authority, andwould indicate that the new Councilintends to give serious considerationto the selection of the city's officials.1 S 3 " -ADMINISTRATORS APPOINTEDIn the County Court Tuesday Mr.Tteene Daniel, of London, Ky., wasappointed administrator of the estateof Mrs. Keene Daniel, who was killedby an interurban car in front of herliome recently. Mr. Daniel qualifiedwith Thos. F. Brannon, of Lexington,as surety.E. J. Allen was appointed" to administer on the estate of the lateJohn Allen. Mr. Allen qualified in$1,000 bond, with Margaret A. Bloomas surety. Ben Allen, Pat Allen andCharles Clifford were appointed appraisers. French Thompson qualified as administrator of the estate of JohnHall, of Claysville, by giving bond in$400, with E. J. Martyn as surety.Dr. W. M. Miller, of Millersburg,qualified as guardian of W M. Miller,Jr., and Charles Hart Miller, heirsof the late Josie B. Miller, in $2,000bonds, with Jos. W. Davis, ot Paris,as surety.Mr. Victor K. Dodge, formerly ofParis, has, upon request of Mrs. LulaByrns Odear, daughter and only heirof the late R. K. Byrns, been appointed executor of the estate in Fayettecountv. Mr. Dodge accepted thetrust and gave bond in the sum of?10,000.im m 13NEW TOBACCO SELLS HIGH.' -The South Carolina tobacco marketopened with a very strong tone, notwithstanding the unusually largecrop, according to advices receivedby Paris tobacco men yesterday,prices were about two cents higherthan ,last year, when -Vices werehigh.'The opening prices in the SouthCarolina market are always taken asa forecast of Burleyprices, andwould indicate higher prices in thissection than last year on all grades.m m mOFHCERS TO REPORT AT CAMPON AUG. 29.Lieut. Catesby Spears is at homefrom Ft. Benj. Harrison for a- shortstay. He and the other commissioned officers from Bourbon county,Captains William Collins, Morton Colliver, and Lieutenants Robert Jones,R .b! Hutchcraftand Hugh Campbell,will report for duty at Camp Taylor,iie2xteville, not 'later than August ,:J t. . ,, , ,, y- l.dAitiSTATE RED CROSS FORCES ARE CONGRESS PASSES AUTOMOBILEORGANIZED. . TAX BILL.r s 'Organization of the State Conven- Disposition by uie Senate of manytion of the American Red Cross was uncontested provisions of the $2,000,effected in Lexington at a meeting 000,000 war tax bill almost ' clearedheld in the- Phoenix Hotel. The day the way for the sharp fight whichwas featured by rousing addresses probably will begin over income andmade by Lieut.-Gov. James D. Black, war profits taxes.Mr. James G. Blaine, of Washington, Among important features disposedGeorge W. Simmons and Horace M. of were the wine and motor vehicleSwope, of St. Louis, Mrs. M. E. Fanning, of Dayton, Ohio, and manyothers of more or less renown.The Convention was called to orderby Mr. Harry Giovanolli, managingeditor or the Lexington Leader, and proposed by the House bill, wereVice-President of the Lexington adopted, as were the increased ratesChamber of Commerce. Mr. Frank on wine, estimated to raise $21,000,Greene, of Carrolton, was made per--000 against $6,000,000 under themanent Chairman of the Convention, ' House rates.and Mr. Harry Sommers, editor of theElizabethtown News, was made Secretary. Three new assistant Statedirectors were chosen, Robert Scott,of Paducah, Robert Crowe, of Lagrange, and Miss Amelia Weitzell, ofFrankfort. The Womens' Bureau,working under the direction of Assistant State Director Miss Lida E.Hafford, was one of the most popular features. vThe work of the Convention wascontinued over yesterday, when addresses by Mr. James R. Garfield, ofCleveland, O., Manager of the LakeDivision, Guy E. Snavely, of Atlanta,Ga., Manager of the Southern Divis-ion; Mr. Parlance, State Director ofWyoming, formed the proceedings atthe morning session. In the afternoon the program comprised addresses by Dr. David Barrow, head of theLexington Base Hospital Unit; H. M.Thatcher, ex-Governor of the PanamaCanal, Zone, and a musical programrendered by Miss Katherine Cochran,of the Lexington and Cincinnati Conservatories of Music.Paris and Bourbon county wererepresented at the convention by MissNannie Louise Best, Mrs. Wm. Butler,Miss Elizabeth Miller and Mrs. L. H.Miller, of Millersburg Mr. and Mrs.Arthur B. Hancock, Mrs. FrederickWallis, Mrs. Wade H. Whitley, Mrs.Fanniebelle Sutherland, Mrs. RobertMeteer, Mrs. H. M. Dailey, Mrs. Wm.G. McClintock, of Paris, and Mrs. W.W. Haley, of Cintonville.Under the plan announced by Mr.Simmons at the opening session, theline of the L. & N. railroad fromNashville to Louisville will be usedas a dividing line all territory inthe State west" of that line will liein the Southwestern Division, ofwhich Mr. Simmons is the director,and St. Louis the headquarters. Louisville will fall in that division.The remainder of the State, east ofthe Nashville-Louisville line of theL. & N., will fall in the Lakes Division, of which Mr. James R. Garfield is director, and Cleveland theheadquarters. Under the new arrangement, Mr. Simmons said that allchapters would in the future do alltheir business with these divisionheadquarters instead of with Washington, as has formerly been thecase.m m mBOATING PARTY.One of the most enjoyable boatingparties of the season was given on"beautiful Stoner" Tuesday night.The members of the party enjoyedboating and bathing, while theirmaterial comfort was largely contributed to by well-filled baskets, whichcontained all the essentials for an enjoyable picnic luncheon.Those who participated in therleasu of the occasion were: - Mr.and Mrs. W, V. Shaw, Mr. and Mrs.George Williams Clay, Mr. and Mrs.Herndon Waller, Mrs. Woodford Daniel, Misses Clara Belle O'Neill andNancy Griffith and Messrs. ClarkWhite and Thomas Prichard.?m 1 mPATRIOTIC WEEK SEPT. 25.A total of $2,550 towjard payingthe expenses of "Patriotic Week,"beginning September '25, duringwhich a large number of speakerswill tour the State in an enort toj arQuse the people to a sense of theirresponsibility in the war, was recently raised at a meeting of theState Council of National Defense, inLouisville. Paris is named as one ofthe earliest towns to be visited bythe speakers.m mSAYS HE'S ALIVE.Messages to friends in this cityfrom Mr. Keeneth D. Alexander, formerly of Woodford county, from theAmerican training camp "somewhere jin France," states that the rumorsregarding Ms death are very muchexaggerated, and that he is in finehealth and spirits. m MrAlexander isnow at the front and is a member ofthe ambulance corps, being a driverof one of the big Red Cross motorambulances. r jm m m ,GOES TO CAROLINA.tuv ii t? "RiiniriAv. who recentlymoved from Bourbon county to Lexinfrtnn. has cone to Wilson, isortn'iCarolina, to look after' his tobaccointerests. Mr. Buckley recently purchased' v handsome home on Forestavenue in Lexingtons --,-1schedules. The revisions of the Finance Committee, levying between$40,000,000 and $50,000,000 on owners of jmotor vehicles instead of$68,000,000 on manufacturers, asHouse provisions levying a 5 percent, tax on gross sales of manymanufacturers and designed to raise$118,750,000 also were formerlyeliminated, the new automobile andother reduced excise taxes beingsubstituted.The section now provides the following motor vehicle taxes, payableby owners of those not used exclusively for business purposes:Motorcycles, $2.50- Automobilescosting under $500, $5 annually;costing between $500 and "$"750,$7.50; costing between $750 and$1,000, $10, with 5 per cent, additional for each $500 up to $3,000Sand $10 for each $500 above $3,000The tax basedupon original listprices would be reduced by 10 percent, for each year's use of the machine up to a gross allowance of 50per cent.' &3 fe 1JQGET BUSY OR BE LEET OUT.If you intend to use gas in your ville, Prestonburg, Pikeville, Benfurnace this winter, you had better ham, Whitesburg, Harlan, Pineville,get busy and place your order NOW- Barbourville, London, Williamsburg,Burners are hard to get. Even now Richmond, Winchester, Mt. Sterling,you may be too late. Better see about Grayson, Lerington, Paris, Cyhthiit at once. ana, Falmouth, Georgetown, Frank-PARIS GAS & ELECTRIC CO., Inc. fort, Bardstown, Lebanon, Owens-(24-2t)jsa Es teBANQUET TO SOLDIERSThe ladies of the North Middletown Christian church gave a sumptuous banquet in the old Christianchurch, building at North MiddletownTuesday evening, at which one hun-dred and fifty people gathered todo honor to North Middletownrtf rep-resentatives . in the army, CaptainWilliam Collins and Lieut. RobertJones- 'Eloquent speeches were made andthe evening passed in the enjoymentof social intercourse and greetingsand good wishes for the men who willsoon be on the firing line.WE KNOW ROW--It Is Hot Too LateTo Buy Summer Clothes!There will be lots of hot weather yet and you willhave plenty of time to wear and feel comfortable in lfghtweight clothes.Palm Beach SuitsMohairs and Crash Suitsmade skeleton lined and very light weight trimmingsthroughout. Light weight Underwear in union suits andseparate garments. Silk Shirts and Madras Cloths.STRAW HATSAT HALF PRICE ,"Soft brims and plain sailors. Low Cut Oxford Shoes,tans and vici kids and light weight black calfskins. .; Everything that you needfto; , .finish out the Summerawhether you spend it at home or away on a vacation.iMitchell &- JStttson HatsMURDER CHARGE AGAINST WOMAN'S ASSAILANT.. The death in Lexington, Wednesday afternoon of .Sarah Shepherd,colored, who was brutally beaten byHenry Hawkins, colored, near Claysville, several days ago, resulted in acharge of murder being placedagainst her assailant. ' The warrantwas served on Hawkins in the Parisjail Wednesday.An examination of the woman'sbody conducted by Coroner RudolphDavis, of Paris, assisted by the hospital physicians, developed ampletestimony of the extremely brutaltreatment to which she had been subjected. Hawkins, though, claimed hehad only used his open hand in "correcting" her. NThe examination divulged a fracture of the skull, besides numerousbody bruises. Her face was badlybruised and swollen.Hawkins is a paroled convict, sentup for robbing the general merchandise store of Mr. C. N. Martin, atStony Point, in this county.1 5T ?S :MEDICAL RESERVE OFFICERS TOPAY PARIS VISIT.It was announced at the War Department yesterday that Maj. ArthurT. McCor,mack and Capts. Ernest Rauand Charles B. Kobert, of the MedicalReserve Corps, will make a tour ofKentucky for the purpose of examining applicants for appointment inthe Medical Reserve Corps of thearmy. The itinerary mapped out forthese officers will take them to thefollowing places in the order named:Bowling Green, Elizabethjtown,Louisville, Eminence, Covington,Newport, Ashland, Louisa, Paints-iboro, Henderson, Madisonville, Hop-kinsville, Paducah, Clinton, Fulton,Russellville and Bowling Green.la la SiBITTEN BY VICIOUS DOG.Mr. Robert Mattingly, of Paris,baggage man on the northbound Louisville & Nashville train, was sepvrelv bitten on the hand by a vic-ious dog wWcfc he was handlingwhile loading it in his car.The train was stopped at Berry,where it was held until Dr. Earle, thecompany physician, cauterized anddressed the wound. Mr. Mattinglyproce(dea- 0n his run to Cincinnati,wnere he was relieved. He was sentto Ms home and will be temporarilyoff duty for a short while.BlakemoreManhattan Shirts Ntttlttan ShotsSECOND CALL DRAFT MEN UNDER EXAMINATION.Of the first- fifty men of the 150summoned before the Bourbon Coun-ey Board of Exemption, Wednesday, Jeleven names were added to the roll jof honor of those who made noclaim to exemption. Six were discharged as being physically unfit.The remaining thirty-three menclaimed exemption, and their claimswill be considered when the entireone hundred and fifty have been examined. Those whose names were added tothe roll of honor Wednesday were asfollows:Watt Green, John Q. Kellis, YoungH. Harrison, JuIiusTalbott, JamesElginj Williams; David Patrick, Elmer Shumate, John Breckinridge Ardery, William Rogue, Jr.,Rufus Johnson, John Hall.The following six men were discharged as being physically unfit forarmy service: Wm. J. Jones, JesseH. Cooper, Henry Jackson, JessieWise, Elmer B. Gross and John F.Davis.The second fifty men appeared before-theBoard yesterday for examination. Of the fifty, nine were accepted as physically fit, while sevenwere discharged as being physicallyunfit. The remaining thirty-fourclaimed exemption.Those who went on the honor rollyesterday were Robert Coleman,Raymond Patton, Merritt JamesonSlicer, Charles Nichols, Charles R.Mattox, Woodford Blankenship, RobtjE. Crombie, Wm. Stanley and Chas:Howard. Those discharged as beingphysically unfit for service were Albert Holloway, Frank Yearsley,Thomas Evans, ,Wm. Hamilton, Arthur Lmvllle, Quincy Manarney andJas. Everett Hopkins.To-day the third fifty will appearbefore the Board for examination.The complete list "was published in arecent issue of THE NEWS.Chairman Prichard, of- the EasternDistrict Exemption Board, has sentout notes of warning to drafted men,that" it is a waste of time for them,or for their relatives, to appear inperson before the Board, , to presstheir claims for exemption. Hestates that it will be a waste of timefor the applicant, as while the Boardis ready and willing at any time togive out all the-information it possibly can, as prescribed by the regulations, no pleas can be considered except through the legal channels.He seeking information will be givenevery consideration, but they will besaving time for themselves and theBoard by getting all the "dope" theycan from the local Board.All menvclaiming exemption whichv. as denied by their local Board haveten days to send in their affidavits tothe District Bord, and until thistime is up there is no possible chancefor the Board to certify these mento the Adjutan-General. If a manwas certified to his home BoardAugust 14, his case cannot be takenup by the District Board until August 24, and sd no. Owing to the-fact that the cases ar,e being considered individually instead of by townsoi counties, and men are still beingcertified by the local Board therewill be little chance to get at thegreater portion of them fpx manylong days yet. Of those claiming exemption the" occupational claims willundoubtedly take up the larger partof the Board's time. Most of theseclaims are on the ground of beingagricultural producers whose cropsare essential to tne National welfare. .-pa m 1HEAVENS! LARUE COUNTY'SQUOTA RAISED ON HRSTCALL.They are still raising men in Laruecounty, Kentucky, where AbrahamLincoln was born. Not a singleman there failed to pass the physicalexamination or claimed exemptionfrom the National Army draft for anycause, and the county's record is perfect up to date.Larue county's quota for the National 'Army was 132 men. Exactly132 men were examined, and everyone proved satisfactory from boththe physical and patriotic standpoint.They were all lank, lean and lively,just like Lincoln, and all willing tofight that "Government of the people, by the people and for the people shall not perish from the earth."The records received by the District Board show that married menwere included in the list of acceptedi egistrints. They also show that noneof the married men from Laruecounty objected to being included.HON. CLAUDE M. THOMAS LIKELYTO BE OPPOSED FOR SPEAKERHon.oGeorge C. Wagoner, whotwice represented Henry county inthe Legislature ten years ago, is nowthe nominee. to represent Scott countyand in the event of his election willbe a candidate for Speaker of theHouse. He and Representative C. M.Thomas of Bourbon, are both aspirants for the Speakership, -although,they live in -the same Congressionaldistrict and'adjoining,countie.PRESIDENT HXES jCOAL PlIdTPOR COUNTRY. y -"-Bituminous coal prices were flxby President Wilson, Wednesdaynight for every mine in the UnitiiStates.The next step in coal control, 'White House announcement said,will be to fix the charges to be charged middlemen and retailers.Prices were set on cost of production estimates furnished by the Federal Trade Commission after mothof exhaustive investigation: Tkcountry is divide'd into 29 districtsand every producer in a district "willmarket his output at the same price.The prices f. o. b. mines in "Kea- 'tucky are as follows:Kentucky Run of mine, 1.S;prepared size, $2.20; slack or. screeaings, $1.70.Kentucky Jellico Run of mint'$2.40; prepared size, $2.65; slackerscreenings, $2.15. -,To these prices must be addefreight, which to Paris, is about -?1.50to $1.55 per ton, which vwillpiake the coal cost from $3.25 to$4.20 per ton f. o. b. Paris. To thismust be added the cost of deliveryand dealers' profits.3 A BlDR BARROW COMPLETING PERSONNEL OE HOSPITAL UNIT.Orders to complete the personneland organization of Base HospitalUnit No. 40 have been received, by -Dr.David Barrow, in Lexington,from the office of the Surgeon-Generalof the United States Army atWashington, and assoon as the necessary authority to enlist the 153men, who will compose the corpscomesitt, the unit will be ready forservice. Dr. Harrow expects this order to come in a short time.If the necessary orders are receivedin a short time it is probable that immediate action will be taken on theapplication of several Paris and Bourbon county men, among them areMessrs. Douglas Clay and IrelandDavis, of this city. Dr. Lyda Pogueand Mrs. Carrie F. Stone, of Paris,who will be members of the nursingstaff, are making their arrangementsto accompany the unit when thestart is made from America to LaBelle, France.Commmissions to the medical andsurgical staff of the Lexington unitare being issued, according to thesurgeon general's letter. The enlistment of men in the medical servics -wasdiscontinued some time ago anddirect authority is necessary beforethese men can be called in. Dr. Barrow has 250 ,men who have signifiedtheir intention to go with him if accepted and as soon as possible he willmail them notices to appear for enlistment. Dr. Barrow is confident that theequipment for the hospital unit willbe ready when the men are called.The status of the men who signed upand then were drafted is stilL unsettled, and a ruling by the ProvostMarshal General is being awaited. - -m m mCOAL EMBARGO LIFTEDThe freight car embargo, accordingto reports received here by interestedparties, is being gradually lifted, andthe Louisville & Nashville railroad isnow engaged in moving storage cars,which for several months have beenheld in the side tracks along theline of the road.The embargo which has been in effect on the Eastern roads, has beenlargely responsible for the holding upof cars on the Louisville & Nasnvilleand the indications now are that the,entire number will be under waywithin the next few days. Most ofthe cars held in storage by the railroad company 'were-loaded with coalwhich the railroad companies in theEast refused to accept for -transportation.i FQ iI i3!ENTERTAIN POR OUR BOYS.Mr. and Mrs. Thomas Helm. Clayentertained Tuesday with an elaborate dining at their home on Eighth,street, in honor of Mrs. Clay's grandson, Capt .William Collins, of North.Middletown, who, as a member of theofficers' reserve corps, will leave soon,for service in one of the army cantonments, possibly at Camp Taylor, nearLouisville.Those present on this occasion werCapt. Collins, Lieuts. Robert Jones,and Catesby Spears, Mr. and MrSl JnoT. Collins and family, Mr. and Mrs.Prank. Collins, Mr. and Mrs. Wi. -Jones and Mrs. Robert- Hopkins and -son,Robert Hopkins, Jr. - . .DR. SPENCER APPLIES POX MEDICAL CORPS SERVICE, 'L Dr. Geo. B. Spencer, who recentlylocated in Winchester, coning trom.Carlisle, has made application for-a4-missionto the Medical Reserve. Hi -applicationhas been forwarded to tfcdepartment at Washington. Dr. 9ejeeicer is very hopeful of being admittedto the reserves and is ezyectngearly reply to his application.Dr. Spencer i a erotker, of Mr.Rob ert-Spncr,.oi, Parte, ag4 at onetime resided htre, . . ?" Y .-V-!1)VXJ-vtV-.1-- s-ri'fer-- " " '" VC'EJUS TWO-r;thb bourbon news, buu&iky:rnrnxr. acobst m u-fifi-&-' i'KsThe Bourbon News7aMthd 1M1 35 Yaars fsCofrtlnuout Publication.ifeltehstf Every Tuesday-and Friday.it Yar... $2.00 Six Months... $1.00Payable in Advance.WIFT C!AMP, Editor and Owner.Any erroneous reflection upon thecharacter, standing or reputation ofamy person, firm or corporation whichmay appear in the columns of THEBOURBON NEWS will be gladty corrected if brought to attention of theAitor.ADVERTISING RATESDisplay Advertisements, $1.00 perInch for first time; 50, cents per inchach subsequent insertion.Heading Notices, 10 cents per lineach issue; reading notices in blacktype, 20 cents per line, each issue.Cards of thanks, calls on candidates, obituaries and resolutions", andaimilar matter, 10 cents per line.Special rates for large advertisements and yearly contracts.The right of publisher is reservedto decline any advertisement or otherHatter for publication. ,Announcements for political officesmust invariably be accompanied bythe cash.THE DEMOCRATIC TICKET.For State Senator George Hon, ofClark CountyToil Representative C M. Thomas,of Bourbon County.Tor Sheriff Will G-. McClintock.Tor County Clerk P-jarce Paton.Tor County Judge George Batterton. Tor County Attorney David D.Cline.Tor County Superintendent of SchoolsJ. B. Caywood.!Fot Jailer Thomas Taul.Por Assessor Walter Clark.For Coroner Rudolph Davis, Paris.Tor .Hajjistrate LPrecinct: John'. Fretwell, ParisN. Shropshire,Centerville Precinct; E. P. Thom-asson, Millersburg Precinct; Jno.S. Wiggins, Hutchison Precinct;R. O. Turner, Ruddles Mills Precinct; John S. TalbottNorth Middletown Precinct: S. R. Burris, Little Rock Precinct; Lee Stephenson, Clintonville Precinct.Por Mayor E. B. January.Por Chief of Police W. Fred Link.Por Councilmen First Ward JohnMerringer, John Christman andThos. Kiser; Second Ward S. K.Nichols, J. J- Veatch and JohnArkle; Third Ward Geo. Doyle.EDITORIAL MUSINGS.Bonding Por Municipal ImprovementsIt has long been a mooted questionwith the towns and smaller cities ofour country as to whether or not theywere justified in issuing municipal"bonds for purposes of public improvement. One stock argument of the antis hasalways been that one generation isnot justified in saddling a debt uponfuture generations.But let us -consider this.We will say that the town of Jonesville has -set its heart upon acquiringa modern technical training school.The subscription plan has failed toachieve it, and direct taxation is outof the question. At least it wouldhe many years before sufficient fundscould Tje realized by direct taxation."We will suppose, first, that thetown decides to resort to direct taxation and establishes a fund that is intended in the course of ten or twentyyears to furnish means for establishing the desired institution.We presuppose that the town feelsthe need of such a school, that heryoung people may be properly equipped for a life of usefulness. In themeantime, under the waiting program, they are either not receivingthe .necessary instruction, or else theyare being sent away to some otherplace to acquire it. In the lattercase, the knowledge is dearly bought,'and in the former, lives that mightliave been made of great usefulness- to the world have been stunted andnullified by the failure to acquire. competent training." .Now, as to the bonding proposi-" tton. And right here property becomes a big factor in the problem.JLet us -take Mr. A. as representingthe -property interests, which, pi.course are expected to bear the chief-)braen;f taxation. He has a familyof w boys -to; .he educated and trainedinwfsions-and trades. Under the.waitingjplan this is accomplished atcri, expense, vastly more than we-"iremld Aare-hiad to pay had the bonds" beea issued, or else his own childrenr itsarred the education they- should harerhad in order that he maylay-up afuad that will give this ed-satkra to his grandchildren a re-TTtwig of the policy which he con-whr as it is saddling a debt upon" ' iteration for the benefit of the-kt.- - Bt had the bonds been issued andfc -Institution established at once,S-fsr A.'ohilaren would have profited-kjr it am their children as well. And" tils wofcld hive been accomplishedirttii a expense than the directtt pla-etaild,.And that without 1the' lews of onegenerationf fccWitiusefulness " -lWe saywith no more-expense, he-,cause the rate of interest on such paper is "very reasonable, and no towncan afford to do without needed facilities on account of it.Now as to saddling a debt onto future generations, as they term it.Suppose the bonds have been issuedand the school has been established.The bonds will have a life of twentyyears at least. In the meantime A.'schildren have been educated and arein business for themselves long beforethe debt is paid, and in all probability have succeeded to their father'sbusiness, and it is really they whopay the debtjat last, and not he. Furthermore, for their payment theyhave a tangible asset in the shape ofthe institution, which stands ready todo for their children what it hasdone forthem.We might add that this principleholds good in all of the departmentsof civic improvement--the generation that benefits most is usually theone that does most of the paying.So that, summing up the matterfrom a sensible and practical point ofview, no town can afford to be without needed improvements from a mistaken fear of injustice to future generations on account of bond issues.Advertising is the modern methodof communication between the business man and the consumer. Shrewdbusiness men who have desirablepropositions to offer know this andadvertise. If you want to know whatthese desirable propositions are, readthe ads in THE BOURBON NEWSeach week. They tell the story andname the merchant.Watch Them!Reports have been coming in of the-sale of crops "in the field," in advance of the harvest, to be deliveredon the order of the buyer, or to beharvested by the buyer at his pleasure. Past experience has shown our people that in many instances thesecrops are never harvested. This isnot oversight on the part of the purchaser, as some credulous personmight think. It is deliberate and witha purpose. The crops are bought withthis possible end in view. tOur food hogs are shrewd. Government and .State reports presage arecord production of food crops thisyear. In the natural order of thingsthis would be bound to lower pricesto some extent, even in the face ofthe heavy foreign demand. But thisis just what the food speculator doesnot wish to see occur. To avoid it hemust evolve some planNto "retire" agreater or less proportion of the cropfrom the markets. Hence they arebought up "in the field" and, if ourofficials are not careful, many of themwill rot in the field.We believe that the greater majority of our farmers are loyal to thecore. We do not believe they willconnive at a practice that tends toboth waste and extortion.Loyal farmers, it is up to you tosee that the purchaser of your cropsprovided you have sold any "in theneid" moves these crops at the prop-ertime. In case they are not somoved, and loss or even waste isthreatened, it is your sacred duty as aloyal citizen to notify the authoritiesin charge of the food situation atWashington, and you should do thiswhile there is yet time to save thecrop.Our sons and brothers in Franceare going tc need every ounce of ourproduce that we can send them. Letus see that none of it goes to wastethrough the "carelessness" of thesespeculators.It may be that we will strike a discordant note, with the many othermatters now claiming public attention, but even so we wish to soundjiwarning against the neglect of thepublic roads. Good roads were nevermore urgently needed than now.With the nation striving every-nervein the task of production, to neglectour. highways would be, to put itmildly, very poor economy. Weshould see that all roads are put inthe best possible condition before thewinter rains set in. The question ofmarketing is one of the greatest thatconfronts us, and poor roads willmean loss loss that we can not offord at this time.ts 1 isHOGS AT $18.00.Hogs have been&elling at $18.00.The greatest corn crop America everhas produced is in the making. Cornought to l)e worth more than in normal times, next fall, but less thanthe abnormal prices that have'ruledrecently. Hogs aflS.OO and corn atprices ruinous to all who must buyit, means hardship to thousands ofhomes, and to hundreds of thousandsof persons in America. The ruinousprice of corn has resulted from thespeculators' inflation of wheat.The Government should eliminate-speculation by whatever drasticmeans is demanded to accomplishthat end. Otherwise 90,000,000 ofAmerica's 100,000,000 will have ahard time during the rest of the war.Hogs at $18.00 mean privation to amajority of the consumers. StateJournal.CHKONIC CONSTIPATION.It is by no means an easy matterto cure this disease, but it can bedone in most instances by takingChamberlain's Tablets and complyingwith thepTain printed directions thatSTOCK, CROP, ETC.- v-Caywood & McClintock shippedlast week 2,980 lambs to the Easternmarket. They paid 12 cents forthe lot.Caywood, Smith & McClintock, ofthis city, bought this week fromMontgomery county parties twentyhead of mules at prices varying from$125 to $155 per head.Millersburg buyers purchased ofMr. J. C. Shropshire, of Cynthiana,twenty-four fat cattle that average1,157 pounds, at an average of tencents a pound. The bunch brought"$2,776.80. Mr. Shropshire boughtthem last October for $6.80 a hundred. Caywood & McClintock shippedSaturday to tne Cincinnati market500 lambs from Paris and 250 fromHutchison, for which they paid from$10 to $13.50 per hundred. Theyalso shipped to the Eastern markettwenty cars of export cattle, whichcost from seven to twenty cents apound.While in Falmouth and Berrythis week Mr. Richard Wills, ofParis, purchased forty-one head ofone and two-year-old mule colts, foran average of $41 per head. Thecolts were shipped to a customer atRedline, Pa. Mr. Wills also boughtfour general purpose horses and twobroke mules at thescTplaces.At Mt. Sterling court day Myers& McClintock, of Paris, purchasedfive head of aged mules at pricesranging from $150 to $200. Mr. W.Lois Thompson, of Mt. Sterling, soldto Mr. Henry S. Caywood, of NorthMiddletown and Paris, 1,500 exportcattle at $11 per hundred pounds.Messrs. Luther Rice and MayGoff have returned from a businesstrip through parts of Ohio and Indiana, where they were inspectingstock of different grades. They purchased a number of high-classHereford cattle, which will be addedto their herds in this county forbreeding purposes.David Fox, of Montgomery couney, sold to W. A. Thomasson,' of nearNorth Middletown twenty-eighthead of 1,250-lb. cattle at" 11 centsper poind.Mclntyre &r Moffett, of Millersburg, have purchased of Clark countyparties 765 head of lambs at pricesranging from $12 to $14. The lambswere shipped to Jersey City for theNew York market.Mr. Dan Morris, formerly ofParis, will look after early racinglessons for Mr. John E. Madden's recent purchase, the yearling fillyTackless, which he acquired at theC. H. Mackey sale in New York. Mr.Morris will train the yearling at theKentucky Association track in Lexington. fe US lBOURBON ENTRIES IN THE BIGEVENTS.The following Bourbon countyhorsemen will have entries in someof the big events at the KentuckyState Fair in September.In event No. 2 for five-gaitedhorses A. G. Jones & Son, of NorthMiddletown, will have a double entrj' in the following four-year-oldmares: Lady Beautiful and St. Cecilia. Lady Beautiful was shown exclusively in harness and three-gaitedclasses last season, but this year hasagain been put to racking and willjbe a hard mare to trim, from all accounts. She is particularly fine andcan also do something. St. Ceciliawas the biggest winning three-year-oldsaddle mare of the season.McCray Bros., of North Middletown will have as their entry in thisclass 'Nicolette, by King ChieftainNell Montgomery.In another of the important- ringevents will be the following entries:A. G. Jones & Sons, North Middle-town, Admiral King, by BourbonKing Bonette II.McCray Brothers, North Middletown, Highland Choice, by KentuckyChoice Mayme G.fe 1 JSSOLDIERS IN SCHOOL.Miss Ora Smith, teacher at Needmore, has 18 pupils at hermoonlightschool. Eleven of them are under theconscription law and are learninghow tcr read and write before theybecome soldiers in khaki. If anybodydoubts the good of the campaignwaged to-banish illiteracy from theranks of the soldiers, let them followthe reports in The Times from thevarious schools from time to time.Some may not realize it, but a greatwork is being done by the Barrencounty teachers to banish illiteracyfrom our midst and from the .ranks ofthe soldiers-to-be. Glasgow Times.THOMPSON FAEM NEAR NORTHMIDDLETOWN SOLD.As agents for Mrs. HenriettaThompson, of near Winchester, Tracy& Stokely, of Winchester, sold herfine farm ofiMO acres of improvedland, lying on the North Middletown pike, to Mr. T. B. Sudduth, ofClark county, for a price not madepublic. The farm is said to be "oneof the finest in the county.When you are gone you may be forgotten as soon as the defeated candidate for vice president, and that ispainfully sudden. Atchison Globe.-WH 1The Kaiser says Germany's mailedfist is going to. put Constantine backon, the throne' of tlreece, but heiKtS"1 .That So Many 'ParufPcople"Pail ToRecogniie -Kiiaty Weakmess.Are you a bad back victim?Suffer twinges; headaches, dizzyspells?Go to bed tired get up tired?It's surprising how few suspect thekidneys.It's surprising how few know whatto do.Kidney trouble needs kidney treatment. Doan's Kidney Pills are for the kidneys only.-'Have convinced Paris people oftheir merit.Here's a Paris case; Paris testimony. Kidney sufferers hereabouts shouldread it.Mrs. Chas. McCord, South PleasantStreet, Paris, says: "I have used Do-w.an's Kidney fills on different occasions, getting them from Oberdorfer's drug store and I have foundthem a splendid medicine. Whenevermy kidneys have been irregular inaction or when my back has beenweak and lame, I have always foundthat a box or so of Doan's KidneyPills proves sufficient to cure me ofthe attack."Price 60c, at all dealers. Don'tsimply ask for a kidney remedy getDoan's Kidney Pills the same thatMrs. McCord had. Foster-MilburnCo., Props., Buffalo, N. Y. (adv)TELLS ON TWO GOOD ONES.In the "Notes of The x TravelingMen" jdepartment in Sunday's Lexington Leader, the conductor of thecolumn has the following to sayabout two Paris "knights of thegrip:" - ."Ben 'Crackers' Downeyof the Na7tional Biscuit Company, has not beenvery well during the past few days,but was able to get around Saturday,and will make his regular trips nextweek. Ben is a humdinger."M. O. Upton, formerly a salesmanfor the Louisville Soap Company, andwhose headquarters were in Paris,has been called into the army service, and will report next week toFort Benjamin Harrison. Mr. Uptonwas formerly in the service and willmake a fine record."3 P3 ESSTOMACH AND LIVER TROUBLES.No end of misery and actual suffering is caused by disorders of thestomach and liver, and may be avoided by the use of Chamberlain's Tablets. Give them a trial. They onlycost a quarter.(aug-adv)Paris Home School. Will OpenMonday, September 3, 191?Mrs. W. A. Harp, Director.Miss E- D. Giltner, Director ofMusic.Lost, Strayed or StolenFrom a stable in East Paris, Sunday morning, a four-year-old baymare with two white hind feet, andstar in forehead. Suitable rewardfor her recovery or for informationleading to her recovery.JOS. BODKINS,Route 3, Paris, Ky.FOR SALEA good 6-year-old-gelding. Gooddriver, perfectly gentle, not afraid ofanything. Will stand without hitching. Can be bought at a bargain.E. M. WHEELER,(22-tf) Eighth and Main, Paris, Ky.Hcrap Iron Wanted.I am paying fifty cents per hundredfor all kinds of scrap iron. Not lessthan 1,000 pounds. This material canbe weighed at any city scales. This Ito be relivered to the cars on the LouIsville & Nashville tracks, oppositthe freight depot.Call us over the Cumberland 'phon347-J.- MAX MUNICH,Eighth Street, Paris, Ky.(oct20-lvr)NOTICETOThe Public!Drivers of all vehicles "are herebywarned to go slowly over the bridgeover Stoner Creek at the foot of MainStreet, in East Paris. Heavily-loadedwagons and trucks and traction engines are forbidden to cross thisstructure.By order oftheBourbon FiscalCourt.' ben7f?bedford,I . , ." ? T .- t.'2i IjfiZmSf' 2&t"''m itel THwT " i?W WvM 3r dfuroonDWJS & FUNK, Props.Telephone No. 4. West 5J5treetBourbon Laundry," Paris Kentucky.SunshinePoursInto Our LivesOver the Wires"With all thechildren married andliving in differentplaces the Bell Telephone is essential to our. happiness. We can call anyof them, day or night, andhear them as well as if" they were right here.'Very often one of the girls calls meby Long Distance and we have a pleasantvisit of five minutes or more. You'd besurprised to know how little it costs ascompared with the joy and satisfaction."When any of the grandchildren are'-sick and I am called at night, I simplyreach for my extension telephone and talkwithout moving from my bed. Often I cangive advice and direction thaf saves lots ofworry."Every.Bel! Telephone is a Long Distance Station?CUMBERLAND TELEPHONEAND TELEGRAPH COMPANY(Incorporated)BOX 122, FRANKFORT, KY.CtPAre You-Prosperous ?Are you riding on a prosperity wave? If you-are, layaside some of your profits now.Deposit your surplus cash inbank.There have been thousandsof new bank accounts opened inthe vast six months.Are you one of the new depositors? See us toaay about yourbanking. We'll be only tooglad to explain our methods.IyFarmers'f . P. KISBR, PresidentWM. QRIiaS,Sixth and Main StreetsLOSTOn Cypress street and Ford Millpike, between Whaley place andEighth street, a bag containingladies' ,bathing suit, shoss and ca.Xiberal reward N-f or, return? to- THJBV.. r "Launarv9Satisfaction is OarWatchwordWith all the latest improvements in laundryappliances and experthelpers we are" preparedto do work inferior tonone, and solicit yourpatronage.a -ImWIB' s-k '1-IS HUT!. i& Traders' BankW. TC- MITCHELL, Cashier.BookkeeperPuns, Kentucky.For Sale.(17-4t) H. F. D.-2, Paris, JKy"On. paic.of Trown Percheron mafeSS ycaraifcOld--sQMni... Pric $4Q0.0J)rI"A "" "". ...... I vicichbiucjdvvcu W UJUUC lUHiUif.fi?!' I I4-4T. I .J alminrv.Nnd 1Rnnaai I TlfttTXLrVKT.TmcTTTm - i-f - -.V.:- 3 Dpr - &r - - '--- AI' s&gdZSR A-Wlv . , v.,MKBUCKIftJv -- -. - ,,- " --- JS ., r r v, - iW.. - a?-" 0 JC Wt,i. VTtA r- .t.a jk -., ,' --- ..-. - -.- w -". t V "-V.1 "- J C JiT".U -T - . -k. ' t IWiJ JWii 1Jt-i -- i -k:Ws-v"ri .vc . i- ?l.'nj,-.lSs"--?.t, r L ,-FRIDAY, AUGUST 24r 1817.UM BpURBOlfgraj, fAltM,' -Sfe--j . -- -. Jh: -. , r--c' r s.'U .'T,-r "V, K;-v"'-'S'- ""''"C"- ,SCra.w.-2 ."--- -c x-'- J.. 1: 2 -" , V - - J-- r" - - - ---&.-, ".- , J ' . iv - - y..i.-. r i - ... T . " - g? - 3- - - .-.- ",CJK . t- v ,- - . - . . . . -I'.iMo.. ? r.'i- . ij,, . . , -. .. 'etvrTTtJiBSir i"IWfrWOMAN NOW INPERFECTflEALTOWhat Came From Readinga Pinkham Advertisement.Paterson, N. J. "I thank you forthe Lydia E. Pinkham remedies as theyhave made me weirand healthy. Sometime ago I felt sorun down, had painsin my back'and side,was very irregular,tired, nervous, badsuch bad dreams,did not feel like eating and had shortbreath. I read youradvertisement inthe newspapers anddecided to try a bottle of Lydia E. Pinkham's Vegetable Compound. It workedfrom the first bottle, sol took a secondend ft third, also a bottle of Lydia E.Pinkham's Blood Purifier, and now I amjust &s well as any other woman. I adVise every woman, single or married,Who is troubled with any of the aforesaid ailments, to try your wonderfulVegetable Compound and Blood Purifierend I am sure they will help her to getrid of her troubles as they did me."Mrs. Elsie J. Van deb Sanders No.York St, Paterson, N. J.Write the Lydia E. Pinkham MedicineCo., (confidential) Lynn, Mass, if yotfneed special advice.IEEE UST SUSPENDED; NOTICETO THE PUBLIC.No more free copies of the BOURBON NES.No more free copies of the Ken-tuckian-Citizen.No more free copies of rthe ParisDemocrat.Single copies of paper five centseacfiTThe high, cost of all materials thatenter into the production of newspapers compel the publishers as amatter of self-protection and economy to adopt this course.Subscribers who fail to receivetheir paper, and advertisers whosecontracts include the paper, will bepromptly supplied.SWIFT CHAMP,Publisher BOURBON NEWS.f- BRUCE MILLER,r Publisher Kentuckian-Citizen.WW. REMINGTON,Publisher Paris Democrat.July 27, 1917,SpecialCut Prices!9-To close out ourentire stock ofChinawareGlasswareandGranitewareBusyBeeCashStore"TIm Store For Daily BargainsttMflRGOLEN'SSPECIALSFor This WeekBeefPorkLambSuilliT llttt HarlryVealHBGftK&- -. i.- . rn r -SOCIAL AND PERSONAL.Comings and Goings of OurPeople Here, There andElsewhere.Mrs. S. Clay Boone and MissKate Boone, in Lexington.Miss Mary Bradley is a guest ofthe Misses Bradley, in Versailles.Mrs. Brutus J. Clay is a guest ofI her father, Mr. Wm. Howard, Sr., inRichmond. -Miss Anna lerringer has returned from a visit to relatives inCovington.Mr. and Mrs. Harry Stout, ofLexington, were guests of Paris relatives this week.Miss Lida Collins, of Maysville,is a guest of Miss Virginia Dundon,on Houston avenue.Mr. and Mrs. Charles R. Whitehave returned from a visit to Mr. andMrs. Rufus Lisle, in Winchester.Miss Edna Crump, of Myers, is aguest of her grandparents, Mr. andMrs. Thos. Farrow, on Vine street.Miss J3usie Johnson returnedWednesday from a visit to her sister,Mrs. Virgil Chandler, in Cincinnati.Mr. Fred Wood is home from acombined pleasure and business visitin his old home at Tupelo, Mississippi.Mr. and Mrs. Jesse Blake have asguests Mrs. Homer Bowen, of Maysville, and Miss Matilda Buchanan, ofEwing.Mrs. Harry Ogle and son, Raymond, are visiting friends and relatives in Cincinnati and Harrisoncounty.Misses Ruth and Naomi Honakerhave returned to Georgetown after avisit to friends in Paris and thecounty. 'Mr. and Mrs. Logan Howard entertained thirty friends recently withan elaborate dining at the HotelWindsor.Mrs. Thomas Hough has concluded a visit to friends and relatives inMaysville and returned to her homein Paris.Mr. and Mrs. Richard J. Salehave as guest at their home on Houston avenue, Miss Lena McDuffey, ofCincinnati.Mrs. P. E. Crisp and daughter,Miss Jessie Crisp, were guests Df relatives in Georgetown several daysthis week.Miss Stella Cook has returned toher home in Cynthiana after a visitto Mrs. Harry Stamler, on SouthMain street..Mrs. John Milligan ancjgon, Mr.John Milligan, Jr are guests of Mrs.Nellie S. Highland, at "Howardharen," near Paris.Mrs. Harry S. Hill and son, Master Harvey Hibler Hill, have returnedfrom a visit to Mr. and Mrs. TaylorChandler, in Covington.- Mr. Edward Shinners, of Covington and Cincinnati, was a visitorin Paris this week, as a guest of Capt.and Mrs. Jesse Napier.Mrs. Welcone Wtragland, of Abernathy, Texas, is a guest of relativesnear Paris. Mrs. Wragland wasformerly Miss Nina Farris, of Paris.Mr. and Mrs. George Young havereturned to their home in Akron,Ohio, after a visit to Mr. -and Mrs.E. M. Wheeler, on Houston avenue.Mrs. Charles' Hopkins , has returned to Paris from a delightfulvisit to her parents, Mr. and Mrs.Jno. A. Rice, at Taylorsville, Spencecounty.Mrs. Phil Hampton and daughter, Mrs. Fred Singleton and babe,have returned to their home inAkron, Ohio, after a visit to Parisrelatives.Mr. D. Y. L. Farley, of thePower Grocery Co., visited friends incamp at Camp Daniel Boone, the Y.M. C. A. camp on the Kentucky Tiverythis week.Lieut. James Clay Ward, who isstationed at Ft. 'Myers, Virginia, ,1sat home on a furlough for a visit tohis parents, Mr. and Mrs. J. MillerWard, near Paris.Mrs. John A. Bower, Mrs. D. G.Taylor and Mrs. L. D. Redmon, all.of this city, are in Minneapolis,Minn., where they are guests "offriends and relatives.rMJss Frances Fisher has returned to her home in Carlisle, after avisit to her aunt," Mrs. Mayme Parrish, at the home of her uncle, Mr.Frank Remington, on Houston avenue. ' -Mr. Lee Linville, who has been apatient in theMassie Memorial Hospital in Paris suffering from an attack pf typhoid fever, was removedTuesday afternoon to his home nearParis. Mn Linville is greatly imimproved. Mr. and Mrs. James Valentine,of New York' City, are guests of "theMisses Holliday, on Eighth street.Mrs. Valentine was formerly MissNellie Holliday, of Paris, a daughterof the late Mr. and Mrs. John W.Holliday.The Winchester Daily Sun says:"Dr. L. R. Henry, of North Middle-town,-brought Charles, Pauline andRaymond -Kane, of the Pretty Runpike to the Clark County Hospital,Tuesday morning, to have their tonsils and adenoids removed."Miss Virginia Renick, of Winchester, who underwent an operationinthe Clark; County Hospital in Winchester recently for appendicitis, isimproving rapidly. Miss Renick is aniece of Mr. B. M. Renick and Mrs.Duncan Bell, of Paris, at whosehomes she has frequently visited.Mrs. Fred'Mulfinger has return-e4-toJieraAome in liancaster, after a ITteit to her sob, Mr. L Hv Mui--J&gtr.Hjs. Mulfingrl8 a-laughter1tf?tfr:'W JfStmyi';:C!rdall wlw.- rA.:.? -1-t:; W1'v a wtiLt'M8at - - anw-t uxftrudall, of New York, has also been aguest at the home of Mr-r-Mulfinger.Mrs. Florence Gr4eenis a .guestof relatives in Georgetown.Mrs. Don Schlosser, of Columbus,Ohio, is a guest of her mother, Mrs.Mayme Parker. -Messrs. James Caldwell, SamuelHarding and Walter Kenney are, atCrab Orchard Springs.Mr. Earl Swearengen has returned from a visit to his parents,Mr. and Mrs. W. R. Swearengen, inCarthage, Ohio.Mr. and Mrs. William Sparksand children have returned from avisit to Mr. and Mrs. John T. Boston, in Versailles.Miss Elizabeth Rymell has returned from a visit of several weekswith Mrs. Samuel Harding, duringMr. Harding's absence- in Boston ona business trip.Miss Imogene Redmon, librarianof the Pariss Public Library, is in Atlantic City, where she will spend hertwo weeks' vacation as the guest ofMrs. James Lee.Mr. and Mrs. Harry G. Waller,iyho had contemplated moving to Corbin to reside, will remain in Paris.They have taken board with Mr.Claude F. Redmon.Mr, Chas. Clendenin, formerly ofParis, now Superintendent of theHome for Indigent Odd Fellows andWidows, 'at Eminence, was a visitorin Paris, Wednesday.Mr. and Mrs. Ralph Fry and son,Mrs. W. N. "Corbin, Miss "CorinneShelley andDr. Victor W. Corbin, allof Butler, Ky., were recent guests olMiss Izma Thomasson, near Paris.Mr. B. A. Frank, of Frank &3o., has returned from New York,where he has been making purchasesof stocks for his firm and incidentallyinspecting the war defenses o'fGotham.Miss Elizabeth Welsh has returned from a visit to relatives in Covington, Newport and Cincinnati. Shewas. accompanied by her sister, MissMargaret Welsh, and her cousin, MissNellie Quinn.Miss Anna L. Sweefley, accompanied by her sister, Miss MargaretSweeney, has returned to Dayton,Ohio, after a short visit to her parents, Mr. and Mrs. M. C. Sweeney,near Paris.Mr. and Mrs. Duncan Bell, Mrs.Wm. H. Renick, of Paris, and theirguests, Mr. and Mrs. JRobert O. -Renick,of Middletown, Ohio, were recentguests of Mr. and Mrs. Abram Renickand Mrs. SJcott R,enlck, in Winchester.Miss Sallie "Viaiey, of Paris, whohas been visiting .her sister, Mrs.Hoffman Wood, and Mr. "JVood, in Mt..Sterling, has gone to CampDanielBoone to remain a week -with her sister, Miss Princess Whaley, who iscamping there.Lieut. Edwin Sweeney, of ' theField Artillery, stationed at Ft. Sheridan, near Chicago, is here on a furlough, visiting his mother, Mrs. J. S.Sweeney, on: Higgins avenue. Dr.John S. Sweeney, his brother, is amember of the U. S. Army MedicalCorps, stationed at Ft. Riley, Kansas.Mr. J. A,. Morrison, who willsucceed the late Mr. W. H. Andersonas Superintendent of this division ofthe Louisville & Nashville railroad,has arrived from Birmingham, Alabama, with his family. Mr. Morrison has rented the residence of Mr.George Howard on Duncan avenue,and will occupy it.-Mrs. W. H. Fisher has movedfrom apartments in the Bourbon College building to the home on SouthMain street, lately occupied by Mr.Keene Daniel and family. Mr. Daniel lias moved to London, Ky., sincethe'death of his wife, who was killedby an interurban car in front of her"home about tenjiays agp.(O trier personals on page o.)THE SEPTEMBER-WOMAN'S HOMECOMPANION. -The September issue of the Woman's.Home Companion is filled with patriotic ideas and news as well as entertaining and useful features. "WhatMust I Do?" is an article prepared inthe office of Herbert Hoover the FoodAdministrator, and tells the housewives of the country how they"canhelp conserve the ' food supply."Soldiers All," the new patriotic department, continues, and-there is aninteresting article about the silverthimble fund in England. If youare raising a garden, you will be 'interested in Grace Tabor's article on"Wintering the Garden Harvest."The fiction contains stories bySophie Kerr, Eleanor Hoyt Brainerd,Juliet Wilbor Tompkins, and Elizabeth Sears. There is a cable messagefrom Paris about what the womenare wearing, 'other fashion news isgiven, and the cooking, picture section, and regular departments arecrammed with useful" hints and suggestions. SUMMER COMPLAINT.During the hot weather of the summer months some member, of almostevery family is likely' to be troublewith an unnatural looaeneeff jof thebowels, arid it-is of thegreatest importance that this 'be" treated promptly, which can only bet done when themedicine is kept at hand.- Mrs. P. F.Scott, Scottsville,N: Y.? states; '-'Ifirst used Chamberlain's - Colic andDiarrhoea Remedy as -much as fiveyaarr ago; - thatstimetl'lkad; a, -sever attack of summw: complaint-andwar iuring lnUn:pin.- One dorivdnMt;'AmhttiKini?My.-fXalyrliaTiin6e:tl. .itttmuily --- rrtr.:-''?I:i- irws -'SKr.::i iMwi Take No Chances p -m.MnfflBr There is risk in a chance but not when you buy a t!rev of . t3. '" - ' 'WlBiHBBP r lJre novn' demonstrated and proved service and yitBHSJig" -"T'"'RflH "the make of tires that costs less per, mile today than any lMiin29w "Wi$X United States Tires mPW JA Complete Stock of United States Tires Carried ByMILLERSBURG GARAGE, Millersburg, Ky."SEA SLUG STORIES" C'OMPAKION-TO "OVER raEEE."Beginning next Tuesday THENEWS will run aseries of thrillingstories of naval warfare, entitled"Sea Slug Stories," which will be inthe nature of a companion story toSergt. Alex. McClintoCfc's series,"Over There," recently concluded.These stories are thrilling tales ofU-boat hunting, told by an Americanboy, who swerved for months with theBritish patrol, and who did theth$illing and perilous work that isnow being done by hundreds of otherAmerican boys. . jThe first article tells of driving asubmarine into chain nets. "Somebubbles," says the author, "a graypatch that's all." The story also$12.15 ForanAU-EipeSS-:.wsMSw&SSHUsnBm?- i wvtf m Am,; -Hi rep iJli 'PWflr, sTSspte4gS X . H. C. KING, iHTirie. Ptssager Agat, iM &. -, rV .4 :ifllpHk jk 118 ETbh Stml, Uitaitu, Ky. W'-'' 3? 'T F mmmmmmmmmmmmmtmmmmtmmMUAiiiSiLMmS AIII- H: ElftlMjl:--!! - J -II llm'1 1 L -':i -JI1 TJTi IKFIfKV tU tttJ JHlyir w" "- --' - - -" ' - fr - - wr" - tt t ,.:.. ' i " . i "i -it tt -JTa a n 1, r Jn,wp -vt 1 ' itj., rmmmm- -tm sr -'ftMWilfirMMnBboirrctrtmfrckatrJB:Tiavy5!.-' -i3cArfiTj-ra'frtT E-wi-5ovr'L -.vKm oo sale for moraitii;Ptells of the U-boat that wasE-boat.an $100'No. 2 tells of life on the motorlaunches. Cruising in utter darknessmine sweeping In Gallipoli flgtit- premiums to the young men'ikins uu Jturtuau aeroplanes wuu rme snow tne greatest expertsM 4imfire. J judging live stock at the Stat Fair..Ttfo. 3 relates a motor launch raid Farm boys and agricultural colltpton the Belgian coast. By night the stndents are eligible to the eotfltiny boats crossed the mineN fields at "! which will be held during 'tlnf-trithigh tide, shelled German gunboats, three days of the fair. Entry blankfired on the shore batteries and dash- can be secured from the secretary ated back to safety. . Louisville before September 1. 'Nov. 4, experience at Dover, shellingr, Every farm boy in th'e State shouM -oftown and-barracks by German sub- ( take part in this judging demonstramarines, German mine laying in har- tion with the i(iea of learning a great,"bor channel and the destruction of a deal about stock- and possibly "wjr -destroyer.-x ning some of the money premiumsjkEsv,M M fered. . 'A Kansas man bought a cow in " te M Sb -1895 forl5, got milk and butter all J The amateur photographer can 1-':these years, killed her for beef and relied on to take the picture of jsold the hide for $15.57. !picturesquecountry. Detroit Newit? Xf r,nuLuuComfortA retreat frgm the monotony of every day cmifiinpss rarps rawav rromyou can stfetcli out and take things easy. 'There are many of these quiet shady haunts to be 'found atAshevilleChattanoogaNiagara FallsThousand ,f standsAtlantic SeashoreLOW ROUND TRIP TICKETS ON SALE DAILYGood returning until October 31st.'Each location has distinct natural attractions forecreatipn- in addition to the popular open air pastimes.Wi shall be "pleased to arrange the details of your trip.ConsultrS-rtihr-TZ, -JEJJv JJ .Wiirr : z. :uiAJYeHotl.'TSLl-IN PRIZES OFFERED TO BOYSTOCK JUDGES.One hundred dollars is offered -rr-'fici cAwaits Youine crowasr wnere f. 'Enag-' " "CV-it - " .xm: - zr- - ifNew EnglandCanadd"' 'ChautauquaMichigan and .Great 'Lakes 'ResortsarBf -'v B --,?-; -- !'-v?. .j f tH v j-r . " . . Jr---,-. S.-- "tr:---L.7 . - -v.tk .tfi ir.ii,T,-Ai.l , J ';a v1Ia? M' - !' n"-f-,V4ni-.- i.--"Jmii&im&ii AiSJLiSOm.ii'- -,"-- ,'v fiiZlvS) iir -ir .---V1. "t"tWSBFOORf . THE BOURBON NEWS, PARIS; Y.FRIDAY, AUGUST 2 4,JL f ITA-The Bourbon Newsttablithed 188136 Yearstlnions Publication.of Con-ublkhd Every Tuesday and Friday.Fr Year... $2.00 Six Months... $1.00Payable in Advance.WIFT CHAMP, Editor and Owner,(Kntered at the Paris, Kentucky,Postoffice as Mail Matter of theSecond Class.)"BUDDIE" JAMES EN ROUTE TOPRANCE.mm .SHADE TREES BEING RUINED BY"HITCHERS.""Hitchers" is not a term known tonature-lovers or to students of entomology as applying to a particularform of bug or worm, but has beencoined here in Paris.Thoughtless and careless personswho use shade trees as convenienthitching posts have given rise to thejiame of "hitchers." True they are aspecies of "bug," but not listed by therov-Forestry service, nor known inernment records as such.Numerous complaints have reachedthe Paris police of fine shade trees being ruined or badly damaged byhorses hitched there. The animalsbite the bark of the trees, leavingugly scars and in many instances doing a permanent injury. In manycases we have heard of horses beinghitched' for hours to shade trees by achain which chafed the bark of thetree until it was entirely ruined. Theowners of the, horses are saving fifteen cents that ought to go to somelivery stable, but are ruining costlyand ornamental shade trees.Aside from the detrimental effectthe "hitchers" have on the trees,there is another side pt the matter.The poor horses stand for hours exposed to the terriffic heat, withoutwater-or proper care, 'ifrhile the miserly or careless owner is saving fifteen cents.. . . ,Sfi& CROSS SEWINGA visit to the Red Cross sewingrooms on the days when the faithful workers are gathered there, is inthe nature of . a social event. wThebusy fingers are flying, but conversation flows freely, and those who have'made it their custom to attend thesegatherings find their niornings and afternoons have been pleasantly as wellas profitably spent. .There are very few homes In Paris-where there isn't at least one ardentknitter for the navy and army men,4tnd where there is accumulatingIn a' letter written from Boston,Mass., to his mother, Mrs. MollieJames, of this city, under date ofAugust 18, Cornelius ("Buddie")James, of this city, who enlisted inthe United States Navy some monthsago, tells of his departure tor trance,where he will be the first of the Bourbon county representatives to see service.Young James after being in theservice at the training station in Norfolk, Virginia, for some time, was assigned to the Florida, one of UncleSam's biggest ships, where he remained until a few days ago. -In thelottor Tip r3.vr"This is just a short letter to letyou know that I am no longer on theFlorida. I have been transferred tothe receiving ship in Boston, fromthere to the U. S. S. Covington, whereI am a member of the gun crew enroute to France. I certainly feel veryproud as I am told that they are sending only the best gunners to France."I am having the time of my life.This is what I have always lookedforward to, crossing the big pond.I think I will get there and back,perhaps, before liawrence gets a start.There is only one thing that worriesme, and that is the difficulty in getting mail from home. I have writtenseveral times, but have not heardfrom you regularly."This ought to be a big 'kick-up'for the Bourbon 'splash,' having ayoung Parisian representing the cityof Paris, Ky., in the city of Paris,France, (perhaps, or somewhere elsein France.) But I guess I won't havetime1 to write anything more, so willclose. With love,"BUDDIE."IS 'fe ISLAYSON FAMILY HOLD REUNION,AT MULERSBURG.,One of the most pleasurable eventsvRELIGIOUS.A QUEER ACCIDENT.of the week was the reunion of thejjmembers of the Layson family of thissection, held at the hospitable homeof Col. wm. Layson, near MillersSt. Peter's EpiscopaliRev. Geo. H. Harris, rector.church,A queer accident occurred at theEwing fair Friday afternoon. Milford Berry, of Carlisle, was standingwatching a show ring, when a hor3ethrew a shoe. The shoe struck- Mr.Sunday Berry squarely over the right eye.burg, on Tuesday. The event was!scno1 9:30 a. m.; sermon and ser- Owing. to the fact that 'his hat was)pulled down over his face to shield;his eyes from the sun, the blow didnot break the skin, but it raised alump the size of a goose egg.OPEN SEASON ON DOVES."FRANKFORT, KY., Aug. 23, 1917."Ed. BOURBON NEWS, Dear Sir:"Due to the fact" that the dove season opens on Saturday, September 1,and continues through to October 15,I would be very grateful if you wouldinsert in your news columns a noticealong these lines. Synopsis of thelaw is given below."Thanking you in advance for yournotice and expressing the appreciation of the Commission for the support which the press of the State hasso generously given, I am"Very respectfully yours,"J. QUINCY WARD,"Executive Agent."an all-day affair, at which hospitality and good cheer reigned supreme.The members of the family gatheredaround a feast that has never beensurpassed in the State, and afterthis had been disposed of they heldan old-fashioned family gathering onthe lawn in the shade of the big trees,where all indulged in reminiscencesand the interchange of social gossip.All of the fifty-one present were descendants of Isaac and Polly Layson,pioneer settlers and residents of theState.- The reunion was attended bythe following: Mr. and Mrs. O. R.Rankin, Mrs. Robert Tarr, Mrs. Emma Mann, Mrs. H. B. Bryson, Mrs.Carrie Mann, all of Carlisle; Mrs. G."D. Weathers, Mr. Scott Weathers,Miss Margaret Weather, Miss RuthWeathers, all of Avon, Ky.; Mr. E,V. Layson, of Mexico, Mo.; Mr. adMrs. Robert Layson Tarr, MissEsther Tarr, Miss Katherine Tarr,Miss Mec Marston, Miss Mary Marston, Mrs. Edgar Hurst, Jesse LaysonHurst, Edgar Rankin Hurst, Mr. andMrs. D. E. Clarke, Laura V. Clarke,James Clarke, Mrs. Laura Layson,Mr. and Mrs. J. P. Redmon, CharlotteRedmon, Margaret L. Redmon, Mr.and Mrs.x J. M. Caldwell, KennethCaldwell, Mrs. John Grimes, MissAlice Grimes, Oscar Grimes, Mr. andMrs. W. M. Brown, W. M. Brown, Jr.,Margaret Brown, Mr. Eugene Lair,Mrs. Chas. Mathers, Miss Stella Craven, Miss Lavina Layson, Miss Marguerite Layson, Mr. Vimont Layson,W. M. Layson, Jr., Zed Layson, Jr.,Chentrelle Layson, Mr. and Mrs.Chas. B. Layson, Mr. W. M. Layson, Sr.fe isa isPRESIDENT ALONE CAN MODIFYEXEMPTION RULE.vices at 10:00 a. m.Rev. John J. Rice, pastor of the (Presbyterian church, will preach at jthe union services Sunday night,as has been announced. Rev. Rice willnot return to Paris until some timejnext week, in time to fill his pulpit jon Sunday, September 2.We are informed that Dr. FrankW. Eberhardt, former pastor of theParis Baptist church, has not definitely accepted the call to the pastorate of the church at Georgetown,though he has it under consideration.He is being urged by the congregation of the Danville church to remain with them.The Woman's Bible Class of theParis Methodist church will give anall-day picnic at the country homeof Mr. and Mrs. Grant Galloway, onthe Ford's Mill pike, near Paris, onThursday, August 30. Every memberof the Sunday school is invited andurged to attend.The City Union of Young Peoples' Societies will be held at theChristian church Sunday night at6:45 o'clock. The program for thisservice will be in charge of .the Epworth League of the Methodistchurch. The subject to be discussedis "A Definite Purpose and the Success It Wins."IS Pa Pa-HAD NEWSUM UP TREE. -In China there is an oil well thathas been drilled to a depth of 3,6 Oftfeet with the most primitive nativetools. N ,,ra3MfrfrwfrfrfrlfrlfrlfllfrlfrlfrMfrlIlMfrfrLIKEOTHERALLBANKSOpen Season on Doves September1, to October 15, both dates inclusive.Unlawful to Kill More That Fifteen Doves in Any One Day. Someshooters have the impression if theygo shooting one day "and do not killthe bag limit they can make up thisdefflciency on the next day, and others think that they can after securing their bag limit assist their friendsin securing their bag limit, both ofwhich are violations.Squirrels. It is lawful to killsquirrels from July 1 to December 15,both dates inclusive. Heretofore thesquirrel law closed on the 15 of September and opened again on November 15, and ran to February 1, offhP fnllnwin'sr vear. but this waswarm woolen garments for protection changeQ 7 the last act of the Legisoi me men against me rigors oi tnecold seas and the trenches. Eachwoman is searching for the "littlehit" which she can do, and nearly allof them have found it.Even in the Bluegrass, where thesting of war has not yet been felt,the society women have given upentertaining in, the formal fashions ofa year ago, and are devoting themselves to patriotic gatherings wherefeminine art is put to use along thelines of knitting sweaters, wristletsand socks, hemming sheets, making'hospital supplies. The women of thisland are beginning to realize thattheirs is the greater part in the warand that with their efforts the victory will be helped to a conclusion.lature.Unlawful to hunt except on theirown land'without license.License good only during the yearin which issued.LKi & iThe First National Bankof Paris, Ky.iWill pay all taxes on depositsas ot fimemner isi. ,The First National Bank jof Paris , fWf '!" 'tsagcagssee gosQIf these is to be any modificationof the present rigid rulings of theProvost Marshal General regardingwawi 4-irf-kv r. rt .i rA w t-r fffmdraft, it is known only to President,Wilson, who alone has authority toalter or modify those regulations.The War Department so far, basing its rulings on what it interpretsas the intention of Congress in passing the draft law, has gone on thetheory that a man's exemption was'based on a condition of dependency,rather than on the mere condition ofmarriage. The department still holdsto that view and will urge it uponthe President. .Recently President Wilson in aletter to Senator j Weeks, of Massachusetts, referred briefly to the claimsof married men to exemption in whatwas interpreted by many as a sympathetic tone, but there was no intimation from any official source thathe intends to modify the rulings ofthe War Office in that regard.As the President alone has thepower to do so, there can be "nochange unless -he directs it.m misB-4 PI REInsure withW.O.HINTON &SON,Agtsf3i m& J5& -' -LIGHTNING STRIKES BARN.THINGS TO WORRY ABOUT.Paris, Ky., like every other town ofits size in Kentucky (or any- otherSta-te for that matter) has knockers;tightwads; gossips male and female; leading citizens; men who givegenerously; men who take the lead inboosting; barbers equal to any in thel laree cities: beautiful erirls: oldmaids who would have made theright kind of men good wives; toughboys; more widows than widowers;several boys who are known as "goodsports;" girls who do such a goodjob of canning that they are most ofthe time without a beau; and finally,it is the home of three good countrypapers, the most popular, accordingto the universal verdict, being THJ3t BOURBON NEWS.GEN. PERSHING SAYS AMERICAMUST WIN WAR.Major General Pershing, the American commander, told the AssociatedPress that the war can be won onlyby hard and forceful blows deliveredby a well-trained American armyworking in jconjunction with the allied armies.Deploring the lukewarmness Of theAmerican people in regard to the warGeneral Pershing added:"Every man, woman .and childshould support the administration inits determination to arm and equipthe American army and to keep upits morale and that of the alliedarmies. This war will not be won bytalk or by subscribing to the RedCross. The American people mustcomex to a full realization or wnatthe war means. It can be won only JXEXLWGTO TROOPS ARRIVE ATHATTIESBURG.Company A, Third Kentucky, andCtappany C, of the Second Kentucky,arrived at Camp Shelby, the hugeeamtoaaeat near Hattiesburg, Miss.,where, thousands of Kentucky, Indiaaa amd'Weet Virginia troops are totraia for services in France, at 9:30o'clock yesterday morning.' Tltri was made by the boys ontie ipecial train of eight day coaches4 two baggajre cars was a record--fcfeafctrfor titfie. They left Lexingtoaat 11 a. jh. Tuesday, twenty mintwrfm, a4:Wt it into Hattiesburgbytt aarfto tbelfiMftM$ppi'Ce-fetraimed afcoutA large cattle barn on the farm ofJohn Nevitt, near Irvine, was struckby lightning and burned Wednesday morning.Elmer King was in the barn at thetime of the shock. A sheep standing only a few feet from King wasinstantly killed. Mr. King escaped.The loss, which is between $4,000and $5,000 in partially insured.Id PaFire, Wind and LightningInsurance.Thomas, Woodford & Bryan.m m is m .'TT.PAYS TO ADVERTISE." -That "It pays to advertise" isbeing demonstrated nearly every day inParis. That it pays to advertise inTHE BOURBON NEWS is becominganother established vfact. For instance, in the last v issue of THENEWS, Mr. Wallace Clark, of theElectric Dry Cleaning Company, ad-, r.n 1 a rrlf,ii Mnw .vertised for a collector, male or febv striking hard and forceful diows, . Xr.not otherwise."The General was very emphatic inthe interview, which lasted but afew minutes. cIBISmale. By nine o'clock on the morning of publication Mr. Clark had secured a competent collector, who, ofcourse, had seen the advertisementin THE NEWS.If you want to reach the peopleTOBACCO MEN ADVISE AGAINST-? and get what you want, use'the ad-T0PPING-. vertismg columns or tmhj in jaws,for the paper is a result-getter.EARL CURTIS RECEIVES ARMYInterest among farmers as to theproper steps to be taken now withregard to the tobacco crop is intense,with speculations as to prospectiveprices on the looseleaf brakes this'year agreeing in almost every instance at a new high figure, probably25 or even 30 cents a pound, and thedrought making inroads- daily intothe quality and growth of growingweed.Many growers have begun cuttingbecause tobacco is burning up in thefields. Others are waiting and anxiously hoping for rain, which theweather man promises in small dosesaeain. m - - 1 - it -t.,prevailed on the markets of this section last season and the extreme likll-KWatottiebur.byJfiDod 1hat. this year's crop will "be-"0"2EV&& -eeii'betterSand -will- therefore tcomy C-DMB; fterfc1 'better- prlcet, fanleraliMr-todorall 4b taeir powerSergt. Newsum Keller, soldier andall-round good fellow, was in a decided quandary here a few night ago.Sergt. Keller was one of the firstmen to answer the President's callto awns and was a member of theSignal Corps in two days from thedate of the call. He was in camp atFt. Thomas and was in Texas withthe Kentucky troops.Seret. Keller, although in active-service of the U. S., in compliancewith the provisions of the law, registered in Paris under the draft lawand returned to hiscommand, whichwas afterward sent to help guardcoal mining property during the recent labor troubles in Webstercounty. Quite recently Sergt. ivenercame .home on a furlough and incasually scanning the list of draftedmen for Bourbon county was astonished to find his name and numberthere. He ha,d been informed by anattorney that ne woum noi De required to appear before the Board. ;Others told him he would. Newsumwas between two fires, but his troublewas finally solved by the Board,which absolved him on account ofhis already being in the Federalservice.Sergt. Keller, on furlough, spentseveral days in Paris, Louisville,and Providence, as guests of friendsaid relatives, has rejoined his command. . - ' '- B M EnTO TAX PAYERSTax receipts of thecity for 191 7 are now.in the hands of CityCollector ClarenceThomas, at the Peoples Deposit BankCall and pay themnow.J.T;HINTON,(auglO-tf) Mayor.Ife "P5 te"DOING HER BIT" FOR THE'PUBUC GOOD.The Lancaster Record has the following complimentary reference toMiss Sara Daniel, of Paris, who ishelping to solve the food productionproblem in this county:"Miss Sara Daniels, of Pans, Ky.,well rtaughtfor severalSundayR. Mount. Miss Daniels has developed into one of the 'most progressivefarmers in the State, managing afarm of several hundred acres successfully. She informs us that shehas sold this year 1,500 bushels ofwheat for which she received $2.50a bushel. She now has in 80 acresof hemp, 25 acres of tobacco, 15 acresin navy beans, three acres in onions,70 acres in buckwheat and 125 acresin corn and about 10 acres in Irishpotatoes. IfMiss Daniels is not 'doing her bit' for Uncle Sam, we wouldlike to know-'some one that is."'T WOIKYI JE HDONABOUTWe Aill pay all taxes assessed,against yoti.r money if on depositin tnis bank: September 1st, 1917.We Cordially Invite YourAccount. 'Peoples Deposit Bank& Trust Co.::PARIS,KENTUCKYMcCORMICKMOWERSHave Stood The TestPROMOTION.A letter to Mr. H. C. Curtis fromhis son, Mr. Earl Curtis, who returned to Corpus Christi, Texas, sometime ago, after a visit here, statesthat on the 13 th inst. he was notifiedby the War Department of his promotion in the service as BattalionSergeant-Major of the Third TexasInfantry. Maj. Curtis5 assumed' thehew duties, which bring increasedpay, on the morning of the 18 thinst. , -, -, -i j-- -..-Hi maw address Is "Battalion Ser-Bacausejof the high average thatlgeant-Major W. Earl Curtis, careHeadquarters Co., Third Texas Infantry; Corpus" Christi, Texas.""" LM Ml H - v -Some fellows work- through the 1;.-k';i. -, -"." " !,c;iV "" ' ' "Ci J "l:.!"?." we is. jnow flinty irere conwCTiEf.miuto their, venergyforJSun6''nxoiiki?HiarIUKSBVDilBSonBwsKKHBHBriSH!mSPM i I ' II' i l I' I HWI l ' MM 1 IMIM I t I IIBPMMIM !'! I I Mm I fWW.emembered here, where sfte , x?.;yi;ymusic in the public scnoois 'gSsessions, was m the city , gt.7;JDiLKfiiHKSBKyy H-IMfI Mra?ireHii'.tea, the guest of Mr. and Mrs. J. WrTj.H-WllWBMISlWSLwSMB 9M5m& iSHftECHURCH UNDER ROOF.The contractors on the new Presbyterian church have made fine progress with their work, and have -thehandsome edifice far toward completion The building is now under roofand the interior work is being givenattention. The building even in itspartially "completed state, gives indication of being one of the handsomest church homes in the State.TQt mCOMPLETINq NEW HOME.Mn J. F. WetheralFs bandsomenew' home, which has been under construction for. some time :on his Cane. m , Tri-. ij.t..i. Misjudge iarmnearx-arja, ;ucms xCzidly pusheA"K compiexionir.-.w,ia-"Will UllVBUi. uw a, l". WM-.VMore; to, thenewhopie5''H'1 'WE HAVE A LARGE STOCK IGet aAnd You'llMcCormickHave The Bestx rt'j'.au;fcC. S. Ball BanfLj .Yfrvur . r MrwiMnMNMR.- . f ' ' T""-. . J-w- - - -7-sirf;v.iayg.yiyihBemmWX-.. - -C fcs''k - r ". "-" - - - ' ..." - VIfhla.41k -r- aaveuaeirxrOf.arsmoree., U r?dy Tor occupancy..?'Asa--y-,-AviftmwMrhSC-rnStmmm . mmjmmSirmmir''Mii f VT m 'r.Ti .1- VJ' J -n,-o 'FRIDAY, AUGUST 24, 1917.THE BOURBON NEWS; PARISKY.PAGE mpI1iXjeriFOR THE BESTNOTHING ELSESCHOOL OPENING.Mrs. Sutherland's school will openSeptember 3. lumbei of pupils limited. Your patronage policited.' (14-tf)is im imATTENTION, WOODMEN!An important meeting of the locallodge Modern Woodmen of America,will be held at the lodge room this(Friday) evening. Every member isurged. to be present. Business ofspecial importance.TS !l ISLAST CANNING DEMONSTRATIONOn .Monday, August 27, at 9:30 a.m. a drying and canning demonstration will be given at the Y. M. C. A.by an authorized State agent.The Federations of Women's Clubsanticipates a large crowd and requests every woman to bring -withher the bulletins issued at the lastdemonstration. Everybody invited.SDON'T DELAY. .We have received from the importers at New York our complete stockof fall suitings and overcoatings forour merchant tailoring department.It isbest to make your selectionnow, so that we can have suits readythe first day they are wanted.J. W. DAVIS & CO.IS S 3SCRAPPERS HELD OVER.Lyt. Lawrence, charged with assault on W. O. Butler and son, Grover Butler, .nd Jesse Robertson, colored, charged with assaulting andcutting Theodore Carter, white, weretried in Judge January's court Tuesday morning. Both were held overto appear before ,the grand jury atthe next term of Bourbon CircuitCourt.1 T "paa" BANKS PAY TAXES.If you keep your money at home itwill be subject to a tax of forty centson the one hundred dollars. Thebaks of Paris and Millersburg willpay the taxes out of their own fundsif irour money is on deposit with themon and after the first of September.Read their advertisements now running in THE NEWS, and see foryourself what they have to say aboutit." GAS BURNERS HARD TO GET.rManager Sternbergen, of the GasCompany, tells us that it is almostimpossible to get gas burners for furnaces in fact all supplies are veryscarce. He also asks us to say tothose who are contemplating usinggas in furnaces that At their ordersare not placed NOW he will be unableto fill them at all. Every order willbe filed as it come in and filled inthe order is was received first come,first served provided he can get theburners. " (24-2t)ram mSEE "BALLY" FIRST.TTnTioT-e who have notprovidedthemselves with the necessary hunt-ers' license, and wno are conieiuyiat-ing taking the field m pursuit or tne,,,-,,, t Mntroc of tho 'nnenine of "thernoenn nan nprrpr sen Liuuui vxcio.Pearce Paton first, and secure theirlicenses.i mT,ln - oVkonlll olv TIPOPR-This iswu'UkW'' wwsary.The season will 'open in this btateon Saturday, September 1, and hun-. - til i.-. T,..r tTinroafforureas oi guns win ue u i""-.11. x- J -D.-if flrflf "ho elirAvim.- t"hA rinves. But first be sureyou have your license.SEE "SEA SLUGS" A POWERFULSTORY.The first instalment of "SeaSlugs," a powerful story, a companionto the series of land stories by Sergt.Alex. McClintotfk, recently publishedn THE NEWS, will appear in nextTuesday's issue of this paper.The first number is a thrilling taleof "Chasing U-Boats With Sea Slugs,"the British name for crews of submarine chasers. These are thrillingstories of U-Boat hunting told by anAmerican boy who served for monthsin the British Navy.- It is said tobe every bit as interesting as "OverThere." Watch for it Tuesday."COPIOUS" RAINFALL BEINGS BEHEF FROM DROUGHT.-The, drought which has prevailedin Central Kentucky for severalweeks was broken, or partly relievedWednesday b'y one of those' old-fashionedeentle rains, which soak intothe very roots of. things and do good.The rains brought great relief tothe growing crops, especially cornand tobacco, both of which were beginning to feel the effects of the hotsunshine and absence of moisture.Gardens also benefited by the rains,vhich fell continuously for severalmours.Tfc tobacco men were particularlyactive i folloFing.up the benefiicial. -O - i Ti- VJ 1,'A man. I.'m . i.li. tkir tAAon ia .;". fnf. touote!Jmii Stuarrs own . -- Or 4thMi. - I girl rup there that a fellow couldn'tSOCIAL AND PERSONAL.Comings and Goings of OurPeople Here, There andElsewhere.Mr. Turney Clay is attendingGermantown Fair.Mrs. A. P. Allis, of Richmond, isa guest of Paris friends.Miss Louise Bruer and Mrs.Bruer, of Winchester, are spending afew days with friends in Paris. NMiss Frances Cantrill has returned from a visit to Mammoth Cave.Mrs. Dollie Hawkins, of Lexington, is a guest of Mrs. Amne Prichard. rMiss Angela Smoots, of Lexington, is a guest of Miss Maude Herrin,in Paris.- -Miss Geraldine Herrin is a guestof friends and relatives in theHutchison precinct. ,Mrs. C. T. Evans, of Mississippi,is a guest of Mr. Wm. M. Jones andfamily, near Paris.Miss Lyda Comer will leave nextweek for a stay with the hay fevercolony at Petoskey, Michigan.Mrs. John W. Carrick, of Lexington, is visiting Mrs. John W. Herrinand family on South Main street.Miss Genevieve Molloy, of Lexington, was the guest of Mrs. SwiftChampe, Wednesday and Thursday.Mrs. Walter Martin and daughters, Misses Margaret and Clara Martin, are guests of relatives in Owingsville. .Miss Rebecca Purnell has returned from a visit to her cousins, MissesAlice and Elizabeth Barbour, at St.Matthews, Ky.Mr. and Mrs. D. B. Patton havereturned to their home at Shawhanfrom a visit to their son, Mr. JackPatton, near Sentinel, Oklahoma.Messrs. Richard Sterling andDaniel Reardon, who have beengneEt: of Mr. and Mrs. John M.Flanagan for several weeks, have returned to their homes in Huntington,West Virginia.- Miss Jennie Kenney has returnedto her school duties in Roswell, NewMexico, after spending the summerwith relatives in this city and county,and in Newport, Lexington, St. Louis,and Kansas City.Among those from a distancewho attended the funeral services of'Mr. Louis Snell, in this city, yesterday afternoon were Judge John W.Riley, of Morehead, Mrs. Snell's father, and Mr. Thos. S. Riley, of Carlisle, with the members of their families. Capt. Neville C. Fisher, of St.Louis, Mo., is a guest of his mother,Mrs. Wj. H. Fisher, in Paris. Capt.Fisher, who was formerly a memberof the Bourbon county bar, recentlyreceived his commission after severalmonths' in the officers training campat Ft. Riley, Kansas.Invitations have been issued toa dance to be given at Millersburgon the evening of Monday, August27." This will be in the nature of a"farewell summer dance" before theopening of the college season. Musicwill be furnished by Smith's Saxophone Orchestra. Julian Adair andAllen Ingels are among the promoters. An enjoyable time was had recently by Misses Katherine Conroyand Ruth Kelley, of Mt. Sterling, andLida Conroy, of Maysville, who, asguests of Mrs. John M. Flanaganand Mrs. Edward Burke, were takenon an old-fashioned "hay ride" witha number of invited guests. Afteri. itiAnf j-im TQTtir Vinrl a water-melon feast, at whioft all did justiceto the iUSCi0us fruit.Miss -Maude Day, or .tne. iomeTelephone Coa local office force, rej. a nrAaoAotr -nttrTif frnm n. dei:ni.ffiii ttirn-nrooirc'-vn nnxinn siihiil 111Blue TMYers, Wisconsin, as guest of. v i- t-x- rt.i Hftca Ttov'cjvirs. U. Jo. Jrevers. isuuue miao wj wstay there she was guest of Honor4- n1imAi.Mic cnMni functions and inmotor parties to Milwaukee and other. . . j.points or interest..i J J ,Post-card invitations have beenreceived by Paris people to a big benefit dance to be given at Cynthianaon Friday, August 24, at the Harrison Skating Rink. The hours will befrom nine to four. It will be a $1.00subscription dance, the entire proceeds for the benefit of abig recreation tent for the Second KentuckyRegiment toN take to France Themusic will be furnished by Garrett'sSaxophone Quartette. The dance isbeing promoted by Robert Whittakerand W. F. Northcutt, of Cynthiana.Cynthiana Democrat: "MissStella Cook and Miss Sara LouiseBedford were guests of Miss CharlotteHenry, at Paris, the past week.Miss Minnie Wolf has been spendingseveral weeks in Paris, Lexington andGeorgetown, with friends and relatives. ' Mr. and Mrs. J. W. Dalzelle and Mr. and Mrs. D. B. Pattonwere guests of Mr. and Mrs. ClayShropshire, near Hutchison, in Bourbon county, Sunday. Miss Mildred Rees is visiting Mrs. ForrestFightmaster, at North Middletown.Mr. Mit Johnson motored toParis, Wednesday, to visit friends."Many visitors from out of town,as well as local society people, foundmuch pleasure in the dance given byMftssra. John M. Stuart and IrelandDavis at the Masonic Temple, Tues-.day nighf. ' The music by Smith'sSaxaphone- Orchestra :was all that.mild be desired, and the dancerstook dvntise'cof it.IMhe JnterTat the.mission luncfl'.ww o"m'v,r l r-i ti wfl'effifeTwifesible' to-"'get all the names by staying allnight."Mrs. C. A. Hendricks and littleson, of Cecelian, Ky., are guests ofher mother, Mrs. Jack Woods, andfamily, on Eighth street. 'Mrs. L. M. Tribble has recoveredfrom a severe illness of several days'duration, and is again greeting herfriends in her old position withFrank & Co.Brother Adelsperg, of St. Joseph's College, at Bardstown, has returned to his home after a visit toMrs. Jack Woods and family, onEighth street.Mrs. Addie Smith entertainedwith a family reunion "at her homenear Avon, Tuesday. The guests included Mr. and Mrs. John T. Hedges,Mr. and Mrs. J. B. Hedges, of Paris.Rev. Father Michael Jagowicz,President, and Rev. Father IgnatiusPerius, vice-president ot St. Mary'sCollege, at St. Mary's Ky., have returned home after a- visit of severaldays to Mrs. Jack Woods and family,"on Eighth street.(Other Personals on Page 3.)1 feHOLDING CONFERENCE ON DAMSITE.Representatives of the Paris Milling Company, the Louisville & Nashville Railroad Company and the ParisWater Company, held a -conferencerecently in the office of Mr. E. MDickson, in regard to the prospectsfor replacing the old wooden damnear the Paris Milling Company'splant with a concrete structure.No action was taken in the niatter,as the consultation was purely one ofan informal character. Nothing willbe done in the matter until the reports of the engineers who made theinitial surveys and estimates are received and approved.Wilmoth'sSalt-RisingBread!Angel FoodCake!Don't That"Listen Good?"!WILMOTHGrocery Co.Phone 376TAKE AKODAK!Snapshots of various summersports will add immensely to thefunfishing, swimming, etc.But be sure its a KODAK- ""If it Isn't ah EastmanIt Isn't a Kodak"Kodaks $5.00 upBrownie Cameras $1.00 upAlso a Full Line ofSporting GoodsSwimming Suits 75c to $5.00Water Wings 35cBathing Caps 35crm -f -. jt .mvmmParis Kcitucky"TWO SPECIALSPOR THIS WEEKWhich Mean a Great Saving to You!kJHARRY SIMONOne Price To All1We have forGAINS we haveKaltex7 ''.,'IWe are disposing of these articles at the prices we.offering themFOR CASH ONLYYou know when we say reductions we MEANDUCTIONS!THEJ.T.HINT0JVG0MOTOR HEARSE;"EITHCIHONCrt3- ' THEREARELadies' and Misses' Khaki Kool SilkSuits, values up to $60.00THIS WEEK AT$15.00Ladies' and Misses' Felt Hats,very good values,THIS WEEK AT$1.48The Season's Latest in Hosieryon display this weekFOR YOUyou some of theever offered inPorch FurnitureLawn SwingsPorch SwingsRefrigeratorsand HammocksMpjOR INVALID COACH-vv--XVlaaaaaaMaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaail cBIGGEST BAR:-v4 'js-vtares.ABEmmnkwmw-s9 -" f7 - - 'r c tjr -mSIXTH AND MAIN flt-ftLma ..VIvt -acisw !syrz &t "A'-' . -SiJ-TLK--r-tt'f.4f-Ti.JTtlDiLY, AUCHWT 14, i17t.V-? -t -3-ft- -',-Ftmar -U1 PDlflDOODDDQODDODDOM SKTqHII iMOfiflSDAoml& . "I ' , , . . RALPH MINICH I:yJosiTwenty thousand Paige volunteer salesmen joined the Paige organisation duringthe last season.Every purchaser of a Paige car immediately becomes a willing and enthusiastic'"booster."That is one of-the principal reasons why Paige cars are easy to sell and it alsoproves that the Paige stays sold.These 2crpoo volunteer salesmen have been a big factor in creating the Paigewaiting lists that are growing steadily throughout the country.The nationwide enthusiasm- for the Paige is inspired by the mechanical excellence of The Most Beautiful Car in America; its reliability, its durability,its economy of operation its supreme quality.NOTE It is impossible for us. to guarantee the following prices for any definite length of time.Stratford "Six-51" seven-passenger - $1595 f. o. b. Detroit---A'j&i.rairneiaLmwoodBrooklandsDartmoorSedanSedanTown CarLimousine&I.m--.Xave2courQyesI For distinctive eye glassservice consult us.H Ve use the latest and mostup-to-date methods of refractthe eyes.Grnre us an early call.We Fit WhereOthers FailFRYE & FRANKLINDOCTORS OF OPTOMETRYDew Wfiv opp. Windsor HotelProfessional Cards.DR. WM. KENNEYEye, Ear, Nose and Throat.ROOMS 40M04." FIRST NATL BANK BUILDING.- -ff PHONE 181., ;V WM, GRAN NAN., '-- Atterney-it-Lsw,f ROOMS 401-402.yhnT NAT'L BANK BUILDINGParis FacultyOfliexington College of , Music .r Nielien; Norwegian Baritone.? KMward Weiss, Ooncert PianistReynolds, Concert Violinist.LoyfiJFisterrgeader, Pianist. - . ..'jaajujrVI Wward jUellerf Drgamst.Define SeptemberVr & ?r- $?-- " S"-1? " 'Baaaajv5r.'?JJeauiMfarinoix - 4o seven-passenger$1450f.o.b. Detroit$1260f.o.b. Detroit"Six-39" five-passenger"Six-51" four-passenger"Six-39" 2or3-passeriger"Six-39 five-passenger"Six-51" seven-passenger'Six - 5 F seven-passenger"Six - 5 1 " seven-passenger$1795f. o. b. Detroit$1260f.o.b. Detroit$1875 f. o. b. Detroit$2400 f . o. b. Detroit$2850f. o. b. Detroit$2850 f, o. b. DetroitPaige-Detroit Motor Car Company, Detroit, Michiganr. P. WHITEWltto. Dlckronfik DouslaGarase, 4th and Hisb 8t., Paris, Ky.SERVICE BTJLTIONCABAL BROS.BARBER 8HOPPrompt andCourteouiPatrons.Attention toHOT AHD COED BATHS.You Don't Have toStoopIf You Use a.. A bMittlful line of Garlands on allay. Cama In and fookthtm ovar.Paris Gas & Electric Co.(Incorporatad)tenth. For information-addressxxinuin,jLjr. -rncme oewx.t" S-GarlandCabinetRange"'iBBBBaBflBBBBBBBBBBBJ',, fBBBB7 .f-j v BBBBx' LBBBBBBJ. BBJW 1Br...&BEIT CROSS NURSE TEIXSGERMAN ATROCITIES.Miss Culbertson, of WashingtonCity, who is visiting her sister, Mrs.Edgar Humphrey, in Cynthiana, piadea highly entertaining and instructiveaddress to the Red Cross first aidclass at the Methodist church thereTuesday evening. Miss Culbertson isa Red Cross nurse and has recentlyreturned from France, where shewas at work in the hospitals, andexpects to be called again in October. Showing the Germanhatred for theallies, she related an incident wheretwo German prisoners who had beennursed back to health broke the armsof their Red Cross nurses as theywere leaving theosital." One of theGermans was instantly shot by a.guard. ThecOtherexplained that theynaa oeen instructed by their superiors to do all the injury they couldto anybody connected with the allies.There Is more Catarrh in thissection of the country than all otherdiseases put together, and for years itwas supposed to be incurable Doctors prescribed locaF remedies, andby constantly failing to cure withlocal treatment, pronounced it incurable. Catarrh is a local disease.greatly influenced' by consitutibnalconditions and therefore requiringconstitutional treatment. Hall'sCatarrh Medicine, manufacturedby P. J. Cheney & Co., Toledo. O..is a contitutional remedy, is takeninternally and acts through theblood on the Mucous Surfaces of thesystem. One hundred dollars reward is offered for any case thatHall's Catarrh Medicine fails to cure.Send for circulars and testimonials.P. J. CHENEY & CO., Toledo, O.Sold by Druggists, 75c.Hall's Family Pills - for constipation. (aug-adv)r hhhThe man who is thoroughly imbued with the Idea that a public officeis . a private ajFtoesn't believe ininvestigating committees.ASK ANYONE WHO HAS USED" IXThere are families who always aimto keep a " bottle of Chamberlain'sColic and Diarrhoea Remedy in thehouse for use in case it is needed, andfind that it is not only a good investment but saves them no end of suffering. A3 to Its reliability, ask anyone who has used it. . -,4 (aug-adv)am. tat aarU8tftbirritloi6ksi:athoulr ithe:Sirl gradaata out rortkt mnalna;. KiOFS(i-iAVEKENTUCKY SOXDIEXSWATEEMEIiON AT CAMPSHELBY.The prospects are that the NationalGuardsmen ;of IndianafKentucky andWest Virginia who will compose theunits at Camp Shelby, within a fewmiles of Hattiesburg, Miss., will getthere in time to enjoy eating many aluscious watermelon, for which thissection of the South is famous.The watermelon season is not yetover, and the visiting boys in khakihave some rare treats in store forthem in the way of "' watermelonfeasts.But watermelon is not the onlyfruit of Missippi soil that the.soldiers will enjoy. Later will comethe delicious Satsuma oranges, grownbetween" Hattiesburg and GulfportLand other Mississippi coast cities,grape-fruit, and other delicacies.Speaking of foodst the coast is only70 miles away, and it will be possible for the men to have shrimp, freshfisluand crabs included in their daily"rations."A irk -t-k Tiq nnnot tttiII Th nno tTiQithe soldiers can enjoy. At any of thecoast .cities bathing facilities are excellent, and boating and fishing areattractive features. It is probablethat many soldiers will run down tothe coast, as well as visitors whocome to see then during their stay atCamp Shelby.DISTILLERIES TO CLOSE ON SEP, TEMBE, 8.The distilling of whisky will cometo an end in Kentucky at 11 o'clockon the night -of September 8, according to the food bill which was approved August 10, and which will become effective within thirty days.The thirty days will end on midnight,September 9. This comes on Sundayand the revenue- laws prohibit theoperation of distilleries from 11o'clock Saturday night to 1 o'clockMonday morning. This will make itnecessary for the distilleries to closefinally Saturday night, September 8.A ruling to this effect was made bythe office of the Food Administration,due to the fact that reports were current that distillers in many instanceshad bought up large quantities ofcorn, thinking that they would bepermitted to use what they had onhand for distillation purposes afterhe law became effective. The orderprohibits the process of distillation sothat distilleries will have to close onthe date set.The order does not affect whisky Inbond. This question will be dealtwith later by the President and theFood Commission.:a taLET'S DO jtT TIKE MEN.(St. Paul Pioneer Press.)Americans must " stop whiningabout the war. We have undertakena man's job; let us tighten our beltsand go to it like men.America Is not oing to starve, norgo broke, nor lose all its young men.Its cities are not going to be sacked,nor blown up by U-boats, nor destroyed by air ships.'We have been driven into. the war.It was unavoidable, inevitable; justpart of the everlasting struggle between Kings on one hand and libertyloving peoples on the other. Let usmuzzle the croaker and prophet ofevil; trample upon the speculator;jail the traitor.What we most need is divine courage and-the faith which will removemountains. Send our fighting menforth with stout hearts as well asstrong arms. Germans have shownwhat solidarity can do in a sinistercause. Let us show how much morethese weapons can do for us inacause that is holy.America is agalnface to face withstern sacrifice, Jhat barbarism maynot triumph and that popular government may not perish from this earth.Let us do it boldly with an indomitable spirit like that of '76.; RylH H6A congress of American engineersof Swedish birth or descent is to beheld in Chicago next September.B5J f9& TrgIn the fiscal year just closed, 1,876ships passed through the PanamaCanal. In 1915 the number was 787and in 1915, 1,088.-Ti.HERE'S a heap of joyin a ton of good coal.Your stove or furnaceamwon't have much .troublefrom' extracting" comfortfrom a ton :of coal i .youBuy it from us. Our rapiddelivery will please you.W. C. DODSONBSouth Main St-5ayM&Jgg?&vl&'3i.-Y -MMSaSaatC'-KMHHKHMiFLi-Wmmm&&m .iStt ,-,tf--iC- a -.K-.V-- lg?lj.)J!.,te?ELIMINATEYOUR WORRIEDHigh cost 'of living, warm weather andscarcity of labor is a condition where aHOME TELEPHONEin your residence at reasonable rates andcourteous treatment to all would eliminate a good portion of the worries attributed to this cause.Call at our office or telephone 427, 411 or320 and place your order.-Paris Home Telephone & Telegraph Go.(Incorporated)JV J. VEATCH,District Manager.G. W. QAVISFuneral DirectorCorner Fifth and Pleasant Streets, Paris, liy.Day Phones 137 Night Phones 299 or 999Automobile Ambulance Automobile HearseUndertakingOur Winton-Six Automobile Ambulance with , Johnson &Johnson First Aid Equipment and the Lungmdtor (recentlysecured by us at great expense) a resuscitating device forthose apparently dead from drowning, gas poisoning, electricshock, collapse from anaesthasia, etc., always ready for service,. DAY OR NIGHT. Phone us immediately when anaccident occurs.L. & N. TIME TABLEEffective, Sunday, June 17, 1917, 12:01 ft. m.TRAINS FROM ARRIVALHo. - .34 Atlanta, dally 5: Warn95 '-Cyhtliiana, Baily axcapt Sunday . a . . .7: SI ' an1 'Rowland; dallr eicaipt Sunday. y. .Y:Kia11 JUyaYille daily axct Siaday - -.,.. .7:'M lun40 Lexington dally axcept Sunday.. v,. , ...Tf40 a211 MaxavUle .Sanday anly ... ,. ..' ....SiOf am210 . Rowland, , Sunday only ...-.. ....... 9-.os an40 Lexington, Sunday only .; ..8:10 an87 Cincinnati, O., daily .- 10:05 am12 LxTngtbri, daily 10:02 mil23 Chicago, dally . .lt:TTftni1 8 Lexington iDaily Except Spnday . .12:,00. na9 Maysville, Daily .Except Sunday '3:00 aa198 Lexington, Daily ; 3:07 pni38 Knoxville, Tenn., Daily. JTT 3:15 pm19 Maiysville, Daily 5f40 pm39 Cincinnati, Daily Except Sunday.. ..'. , 5:50 pm14 Lexington, Daily Except Sunday 8:18 pa32 Jacksonville, Fla., DaUy ;....... 6:33 pm239 Cincinnati, Sunday only i ...9:30 pm31 Cincinnati, O., Daily. 10:38 pm130 Lexington Daily .- 10:23 pmTRAINS FOR LEAVtNo. ""34 Cincinnati, waily . ..5:30 am40 Cincinnati, daily except Sunday !... .... 7:45 am11 Lexingtonr daily except Sunday. . 7:47 am10 Maysville. daily except Sunday. 7:41 am40 Cincinnati, Sunday-oly " 8:20 am13 Lexincton, daiiy except Sunday. r. ; ; .; . .I0r25-am37 Knoxville, daily ..- . .r-. .. 10:32-am33 Jacajonville, daily 10:22 am218 aysyille, SuiiiTay ;only . 1204 rpm-129 Lexington, A7 except Sunday 3:25 pm38 Cincinnati, dally 3:20 pm39 exiniton, daily except Sunday. , 5:57lpm9 Rowland, Bailor except Sunday. 00 K14 'Maysville, daiiygxcept Sunday. f j33 m32 ;Chicago, daily ..i.. ..-,;.. ... ;.......... if :38 cm30 .Cynthiana, daily except Sunday t:4rTm214 MayavUle, Sunday only v....-, ; $:30r pm239 Lexington, Sunday only a:j pm209 Rqwiand, Sunday only t40 im19 Lexington, Daily !c:is p.mNO. TRAINS ARRIVE FROM"'I Frankfort, Ky., Daily Ex. Sunday. 7:3g a m -4 Frankfort, Ky., Daily Ex. Sunday 5 50 t mTRAINS DEPART FOR "1 Frankfort, Ky., Daily Ex. Sunday ...... t 8:25 a. m.3 Frankfort Ky., Daily Ex. Sunday .,.. - :25 p. -,KENTUCKY TRACTION& TERMINAL COMPANYInter urban Schedule.CARS LEAVEiu:ub p. m.Paris ..forLexington11:00 p. m.LexingtonforParia6:00 a. m.7:20 a. m..8:00 a..m.8:50 aJm.10; 20 ali;50.a1:20 p, 2; 50 p3:30 p" 4:20 p5:006:00 p. in.7::20 p.m.9:10 p.. M.678945 a. m.30 aT-m.15-a, m.00 a. m9111223;45 a. m.I5.a..m.45 p.m.15 p.im.45 p. in.30 p. m.15 p. 'in.05 p. m.50 p. m.15 i. m.4vous, tired, worried or dwponetftitifureilgnyattredllOTT'SfaRVtltlNiPILLS; -Thy raiewthe ooriaijrif ortaimake hit; wort hjiyiaf b WTTTtdMktzk3t tt'ifKgriu t,;.. ,f- vm ihti m i-wm-mmm. w- -:T-m, -. ! . vw ww w-jwp urn ..... varaaiH'wil'i t AM.SVJaA22rcSaD 5 IV. iR-J-i-1- W. H. CANNON,Local Manager.-L-ilSJLjJt!i$1.50TO:'MCmcinnat..PI. rand ReturnOn SpIal Suhday ExcursionSunday, Aug. 26SpeckUtrtin leaves Parii8:2aa. m.arrivlnln CindiiBatiatlaOajm.-tfi SM&r atI7 p.? m- -..,. . , i i j.-i - j. ' ir .' -:, , mKmttw'rJiW.OLASf3M5iL-KJSW-i-r- -'ZJ'7 s. .- --c-i-.sr?. jr.-fc"'. tJMi,-V.f-.-5fe"-'. v-r--"- --.f---1- -- "5 $Z .j?4- '" --W - ..', ,.a -t. - -V,-i:t ti'ctli ' - S; "i'iV-?'- .- " r- v, rJV,. T. f r --J:.iiF'iJ.iJ-Ari.i c---Vi T, r- ..l .7I '"- ? " ' ' -..- '- . mz r :--t -. .r .. .- ., r . : J.-! . k? gc-,w . - j,- .w a- . r ? T " -.c ! N - " te - iv i. "-"" - w . t-Hi -Si -ij. ! rv - fi'" w . . 4-- Z r . I ' i-. T .ITM'VlrlT ,.,S7- .".- 3 -iV ... '"!- ' :- .-v i.'b?&T. XXS-' '-'"? ' r-V . r ' '- -Cs ":"-- U.i? " ' r -',-'FRIDAY, AUGUST 2.4,' 1-1X7.& ". JV' ""''"----- - X :.:.. :- : WMmBQlisJiKSm&AMUL," r.. -.. -,3. - &.--. C'-iT ",-i;X "I -. --TT'" , - !"" ' - - ..frocks. This, for instance,, is trinlmedwith old-fMhldiftct blue em?broidery. Smocks of a plain coloredlinen worn with' striped linen skirtsare very smart and, above all, theynthifi -Telephone 2585Lexingtoi, Ky.Tim to Re4ir?gSh THF Wm :-"--"Ws ItltJItlrEverybdyKnowsHendricksSCHOOL FROCKS'ME- READYmINon-Skid Tiresgive you the mileage andthe value you should ha veTHE thousands and thousands of FistUsers know there isn't any greater. dolJar-for-dollar tire value. Join the bifamily of happy Fisk buyers learn foryourself that "When you pay more than Fisk price?you pay jor something that does not existFisk Tires For Sale ByIra Parks & SonC. S. Ball GarageACTORS TO THE RESCUE.(Thomas F. Logan in Leslie's.)Henry P. Davidson, chairman ofthe War Council of the AmericanRed Cross, has announced a RedCross Theatrical Day, in' which allAmerican actors, actresses and theatrical managers will participate. Thereceipts will be turned over in fullto the Red Cross, while the publicwill have an opportunity to help bypaying special prices for tickets.Over 200 of the leading theatricalmanagers of the country have already volunteered their support tothe plan. The day chosen will probably be in October, when the theatrical season is at its height. Even thefilm shows may be drawn into theproject, which would immeasurablyincrease the fund obtained. It wouldalso add to the audience's appreciation of the movie hero's bravery, ashe essays the customary perils in behalf of such a worthy cause.isi fe feOne, of the needs of the expensivehour is liquid butter and an atomizerto spray it upon the bread.Frequently the little green appleis compelled to occupy crampedquarters.eWE WILL PUBLISH THESEASLUGSTORIESWATCH FOR THE FIRST INSTALLMENTA New Thrill In the Literature ofthe Great WarPerilous Adventures of as Plucky American Boy WhoJoined the British Patrol Fleet and Went OutHUNTING U BOATSNo. 1. Driving a Submarine Into the Chain Nets"Some ' bubble, a greasy patch that's all !" "Submarineoff the starboard bow, sir. Shall I fire?" The U boat thatreally was an E boat.No. 2. Life In the M. L.'s (Motor Launches).Cruising at night in utter blackness. Liable to be shot topieces by friendly batteries if late in home port. Minesweeping of Gallipoli Fighting off Turkish planes with rifles.- No. 3. A Motor Launch Raid Off the Belgian CoastBy night the submarine chasers cross the mine fields, fireon German gunboats and escape. How the Germans gotthe range.No. 4. The Dangers of Dover.Aeroplanes bombard the town. What happened to one de-'stroyer. Dinner with officers, later torn to death. "Neutrals" who lay mines in British harbors.BE SURE TO READSLUGz4-yAT- JNEW 'YORK, Aug. 22, 1917.School days are around the corner.The few days of vacation that areleft mean that mother's needle mustfly very swiftly in order to get all theclothes her children will need to havethem fitted out for the first schoolterm. The styles are very much toher advantage, for they are simpleand therefore very easy to make.Plenty of cotton frocks and somewoolen ones for cool days shouldform the main part of the school putfit. The familiar chambray andgingham, and also cotton poplin andrep which have served for children'sschool "frocks generations upon generations have not been supplanted byany other material for the cottonsKVajE2?kMgCall 1A Patriotic Dress in Military Style.tub frock this year. These littledresses may be made very smart bythe use of simple embroideries inheavy cotton or in wool. Simple little one-piece frocks, cut with bodyand sleeves in one, have the edges ofthe neck and sleeves finished wltlwanarrow crocheted edge of wool or aplain scallop. The -rope-stitch is another of those effective embroiderieswhich work up so quickly that it" isjust a joy to trim little frocks withthem.Cross-stitch and little embroideredmotifs in outline-stitch for trimmingcollars, cuffs and yokes, and sometimes belts, smarten the simple schoolfrocks and make them much more attractive to the children who wearthem. Very often little frocks aretrimmed only with bindings of a contrasting color. Nothing is easier toaccomplish than this, and it is a goodway of using up those small piecesof cloth which have remained overfromther dresses.The Military Dress for Girls.This fall there is something new instyles for both girls and boys, andthis is the. military element vhich isfrequently noticed. The sketch aboveshows a military dress for girls, buttoned down the front and providedwith an ample supply of pockets. Thedress is developed in blue serge withflannel collar and cuffs, and a redsilk tie makes a kind of patrioticcostume whiob, is sure to appeal tothe patriotic instinct of the schoolgirl. There are some of these dressesmade with detachable-capes reachingabout to the waistline. Some of thecapes have turned-back revers infront, faced with pretty colored silkwhich is also used for the lining ofthe cape. One of these dresses inserge or gaberdine is just the thingfor autumn wear, as the cape makesa separate coat unnecessary at thebeginning of the cold weather.Some of the suits for littte boysarelalso equipped with these militarycapes. Boys have, this year, trenchsuits and trench coats just the-veryname alone will excite their interest,but the styles, too, will, please them.The coats are cut like those of thesoldiers and belted at the waist withleather belts. Little suits for smallboys are made with straight kneetrousers and long blouses. Doublebreasted effects, straight closingsand vests are featured in- the blouseswhich are featured in the blouseswhich are sometimes finished withsailor collars.'The fall coats-for children are.made of soft wooly materials. Forbest wear, velvet and velveteen areused, and the collars and cuffs of fur.Shoulder capes and jackets add distinction and interest "to the littlemodels.Children's Clothes in Brilliant ColorsWe hearrom Paris that children'3clothes" show very brilliant (coloringsthis year and striking color contrastsin the trimmings. Red-Sand- is one ofthe- new colors, and .a red-sand. ;caniv.as clotbiS useda great deal andcoultfer'edtV&rThe Gingham School Frock Is VeryServiceable.are niost comfortable, which is alsoa great consideration. This style ofdress may be carried out in flannelfor cooler weather. Plain smockingand the smocking with stitchingworked over it are both used to agreat extent. For very tiny littlegirls the white dotted swiss frockswith colored smocking, pink, or blue,are exceedingly dainty. In fact,smocking is used for all ages.The gingham frock in .the illustration, made with its straight pleatedskirt and overblouse tied at the side,shows the kind of dress that is practical for school. The skirt is attached to the underbody, so thefV is nodanger of skirt and waist comingapart. The collar and cuffs are ofplain gingham. The many prettyplaid woolens and checks which areto be worn for fall would also be excellent for developing frocks on thisorder. The contrast of plain collarand cuffs in heavy linen or flannel ismost effective.All Metal(Hlggins Mfg. Co.)Window ScreensWeather StripsWALGER AWNINGSBest Screen Doors and Windows InThe World.Window and Door Equipments.T. A. HENDRICKSOffice and Residence, 264 Rand AvenueLEXINGTON, KY.A MAN AND HIS WIFE' may both derive saiisf action -byhaving their worn and soilecTgarments cleaned by us. Thjecost is nominal, while the "pleusure of wearing- old clothes- that "have the appearance of new, inconjunction with the knowledgethat you are effecting "a great-ving, must surely satisfy youI A phone brings us.''LEVY, THE DRY CLEANERCumberland Phone 40Home Phone 1692M''I"M'1'4'4U it U MiTWE CLOSE AT 5 P. M. EXCEPT SATURDAYS AND COURT DAYSONE LOT OF 'LADIES'SummerHatsGo For50c EachPARASOLSALL OURLadies'and Children'sParasolsINow AtHALF PRICEin -iONE LOT OF LADIES' SUMMERWashSkirtsGo At75c EachJust Arrived New Fall Felt Hats ! I1 1 T tt T 1 T-i T tT-T- rT-M-11"1, Tl Tl fl fl Tl gl "" TttlTllll t 1 1 1 1 1 1 M 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 mFINAL CUT PRICESON ALL SUMMER GOODSWe Have About 30 GENUINE Palm Beach SuitsAlmost every size in the lot. Values up to $10.00. Take your pick.$575About 20Pongee Suits (Mostly Large Sizes),- &?' -' - - - . - -. ;-r r -jS375i'v-j,. -&it- jUnrestricted choice Men's Straw Hats $1.00All Genuine Panamas : $2.7575c Sport Shirts SOctf.Odd Palm Beach Coats $'25;Get Our Prices on Articles. Not Mentioned Above-twin Bros. Clothing and Shoe Dept.C19 Main Strtt, TP arts, JCy.v -frnNI 'MMI. HMHNMHr-J'm-,n.if". -Tt'W """' " -i'--' , -.s. . u-1- r i jc 'rt!?vATl- , - '-i-- .-tr-, V'l- I-.-"'- 1- : '-kA,-'t J' -.--til3ffill--rri-.-!'- y"y'4-Sv" vvMSffs- vV," rf'cx-w J&-',5 -.r'C -FAGREIGHTTrTHE BOUftBON.NEWS, PARIS, KY.FRIDAY, AUGUST 24, 191T."4,is,' I--VfNO TAXES TO PAY!TO OUR CUSTOMERS:Under the provisions of the recently enacted revenuelaw of the State of Kentucky, this bank has elected to paythe taxes assessed against the deposits of our customerswith us. It will not be necessary for you to make anyreturn of cash on deposit with this bank on the forthcoming assessment blanjt as of September ,1, 1917, as thisbank will pay all taxes.Farmers' Bank, MillersburgW. D. McINTYEE, Bres. SANFORD M. ALLEN, Cashier! DEATHS. .ir?MILLERSBURGRobert Hall spent Sundav atwas the guest of Mrs. It. C. Bonar, i Boonesboro and reports a fine time.MrWill C. Baker, of Falmouth,SPEAES MUX ITEMS.Sunday and Monday.Mrs. George Jeff res and children,of Lexington, are guests of her sister, Mrs. It. M. Caldwell.Mr. and Mrs. C. D. Layson entertained the Layson family Tuesdaywith an elaborate dining.v.The Young Peoples' Society ofthe Methodist church met Tuesdayafternoon at the home of Mrs. Chas.Martin.Mr. and Mrs. H. M. Caldwell returned Wednesday after a week's visitto her parents, Mr. and Mrs. BailesDeBelle, at Ewing, Ky.Considerable excitement prevailed Friday over the finding of a Blue iBorn To the wife of AlvaBallengee, nee Miss Callie Thomas, ahandsome son; third child.Misses Mary and Carrie Day, Virgil and Strother Harney motored toBoonesboro, Sunday afternoon.Joe Napier and Miss Cuma Hud-; nail spent the day Sunday with MissHudnell's parents, Mr. and Mrs. J. C.Hudnall.Mrs. Eliza Crowe and daughters,Misses Mamie and Birdie Crowe, ofMiddletown," Ohio, are guests of Mr.and Mrs. Frank Mitchell.Mrs. Rachel Mitchell and sister,Mrs. Eliza Crow, and two daughters,of Middletown, Ohio, spent the dayTAPP.Mr. W. F. Tapp, aged fifty-three,died Tuesday morning at his homenear Black's Cross Roads, in theJackstown neighborhood. He was abrother-in-law of Mrs. Mollie Sudduth, of Carlisle. The funeral washeld Wednesday with intermentCarlisle Cemetery.inLINVILLE.The funeral of Mr. Hiram N.Linville, aged seventy-eight, whodied at his home near Paris, on theRuddles Mills pike, at five o'clockWednesday afternoon, of the infirmities of age, will.be held at the family residence, at nine o'clock this(Friday) morning, with services conducted by Rev. H. Linville. The bodywill be taken to Carlisle for interment in the Carlisle Cemetery.Mr. Linville is survived by sevenchildren, Mrs. George Parker, ofParis; Mrs. Jennie Taylor, of Nicholas county; Mrs. M. Kenton, of Covington; Messrs. Garrett Linville,William Linville, R. L. Linville, allof this county, and Dexter "Linville,of -Nicholas county.on Pleasant street, where Mr. andMrs. Snell had resided since comingto Paris. The funeral was held atthe Fithian home yesterday afternoon at two o'clock, with servicesconducted by Rev. W. E. Ellis, pastor of the Paris Christian church.Following the services the body, accompanied by the funeral party, wastaken to Lexington, where intermenttook place on the family lot in the JLexington Cemetery.The pall-bearers were: C. L. fThompson and S. B. Royster, of Lexington, Chas. N. Fithian, B. A. Frank,Chas. T. Kenney, Chas. B. May, JohnA. Davis and Dr. Jas. A. Orr, of Paris.STATE "fiNES MAY SUFFERARMY CHANGES.INKERN.Lick water vein in the public well. : Saturday with their brother, MrJack Hill, at North Middletown.The public well is one of the ancientlandmarks of Millersburg, and is almost as old as Millersburg. For thepast hundred years it has furnishedwater for all families who did notTio.va wntpr nn tlipir nwn nrpmisps"t w nimBf ,-pviiniiRfihiP vpi, "keeP lt from burning up in the patch-1-' " MrU MIAMAW-'' --.AM(-.WWl-W .M.fThe crops in this section are suffering very much for rain. Owing tothe severe drouth some farmers arecompelled to cut their tobacco toand while it had gotten low at timesit was never known to go dry. Lastfall it was cleaned out, the walls putin thorough repair and covered witha concrete top, with a new pump.lOn Monday while someone was drawing water from the well a peculiarodor was noticeable. On further andmore careful examination it waslearned, that the water contained allof the properties, so Jar as can beascertained by chemical analysis ofBlue Lick water, such as was foundin the famous old Blue Lick Springs.Dr. F. A. Hobert and Mr. O. W.Ingels made a further examinationof the water Wednesday and it canbe seen sparkling in the well just asthe -old water used to bubble in thesprings. The surface water will bepumped from the well in a few daysand a retainer of it will be sent toKentucky" State University for chemical analysis. Notwithstanding thefact that the well is full of water7the sulphur, salt and other properties of Blue Lick water .are verystrong. There is no way of accounting for this sudden appearance of thewater unless there has been a veinvery near the vein of the other waterwith a thin wall. The vein will notbe tampered with and every effortwill be made to care for and protectthe water without endangering thevein. "Mr. Barton W. Kern, aged seventy-six,a cousin of the late HoiJohn W Kern, of Indiana, Vice-Presidentialnominee and U. S. Senator,who died recently, died at his homein Owingsville, Sunday morning, after a long illness of a complication ofdiseases.Mr. Kern was one of the pioneercitizens of Bath county, and one ofthe most highly-respectedTmen in thatsection of the State. He was twicemarried, his first wife being MissStewart, and his second being Mrs.Graves, of Nicholascounty. He wasa brother of Mrs. Ella May Herrin, ofParis.Mr. Kern is survived by one sonand one daughter, and one sister,Mrs. Herrin, of Paris. The latter,with her daughter, Miss Maude Herrin, of Paris, attended the funeral,which was held at Sharpsburg, Tuesday.AAAAAltlAAAAAAAiAAAAAAHave You Thoughtof Your Liver?When you get up with aheavy dull headache and abad taste in your mouth thechances are your liver needscleaning. One of the easiestways to get it into shape is 2tO Stir twn TPflfi-nnnntnla r-F?- 5 Liver Saline into half a glassJ" of cold water and swallow I&ifc just before breakfast. Thej.cuit win ue a. relievedstomach and an active liver.Word was received from WillieHudnall on the Bourbon Ranche inSaskatchewan, Canada. He statesthat they are all well and are nowbusy harvesting their large crop ofwheat and flax.Rev. Jas. Faulkner preached atour church Sunday at both morningand evening services to a largecrowd. Next Sunday there will bepreaching by the pastor, Rev. Mangum, at both morning and evening.About 6:30 the rite of baptism willbe administer to six converts whorecently united with the congregation. J. T. Willis, Jr., Frank Mitchell,Sam Witt, Clarence Stuart, S. R.Hudnall and Leonard Crowe, of Middletown, Ohio, composed a crowd ofsightseers wh6 went motoring Sunday, leaving Spears Mills, about9 o'clock a. jm., going by Winchester,Boonesboro, Richmond, Clay's Ferry,Lexington and Camp- Stanley, andreturned by the way of Paris.153 fe E3' -.MATRIMONIAL,.PENSLAR1 LIVER SALINEis sold in two sizes, 30c andX 0c, and we recommend itin every respect.BROOKS &SNAPPDRUG COMPANYThe Peailar Store.yt'H"HTlIHiJOHNSTONE THOMAS.The marriage' of Miss CareyJohnstone, of Lexington, to Mr.Hanson Thomas, of the same city, ason of Mr. and Mrs. W. It. Thomas,formerly of Paris, was celebratedWednesday at Wuequetonsjng, Mich.,where the members of the families ofeach have been for some time.The ceremony was perforniecfln thehistoric little church at Wuequetonsing. The bride was - given inmarriage by her uncle, Mr. Benj.Gratz, of St. Louis. Her attendantswere her cousins, Misses Marion andHelen Gratz, of St. Louis. A reception followed at the cottage of Mrs.J. It. Morton, an aunt of the bride.After -the ceremony Mr. and Mrs.Thomas left for Pittsburg, where thegroom holds a position with the Oliver Company.The wedding is of special interestm Paris, from the fact that thegroom's parents were both natives ofand residents of this city for severalyears, and he and his bride have beenfrequent visitors here and participants in social events."Bl R WSCASSELL.Mr. Thomas L. Cassell, aged seventy-three,Confederate veteran andretired business man, died at hishome in Lexington, Tuesday morning, of hardening of the arteries.Mr. Cassell had been ill for threeweeks and there had been little prospect of recovery, owing to his advanced age.Mr. Cassell had been prominentlyidentified for years with the businesslife of Lexington. In early life hebecame a member of Company A.,Sixteenth Missouri Regt., C. S. A.,an served throughout the war. Atthe cose of the conflict he moved toLexington, and took a position ashead salesman with the clothing firmof Louis &Gus Straus, which position he held for thirty-five years?He came to Paris as head of a branchhouse, which the Messrs. Straus established here, and built up. a goodtrade'. Mr. Cassell retired from activebusiness several years ago. . iBesides his widow, Mrs. Tillie iCassell, he is survived by one son,Mr. Maxwell Cassell; one daughter,Mrs. Annie Cassell Simrall, arid twosisters, Miss Margaret CasselK andJ-Mrs. Geo. E. Spencer, all of Lexinsr-'ton.Funeral services were held at thefamily residence at four o'clock Wed-;nesday afternoon. The 'burial fol-jlowed in the Lexington Cemetery. 'The committal services at the gravewere in charge of the LexingtonMasonic lodges.Reorganization of the companiesand brigades of the armies of theUnited States, as proposed' by thj3War Department, will mean the increase of the company to 250 menand six officers and the change of thebrigade to 10,800 men instead of ap-prorimately 6,000.Whether the Kentucky brigade willhave its strength increased to- thefull 10,800 by the addition of draftedmen from the State is not certain,as no 'official communication in regard to organization has as yet beenreceived from Washington. If menare taken from the' drafted army andplaced with the volunteers under officers from their own State there islittle doubt that many of them wouldbe better satisfied with their lot.General Williams Is to be the onlyComingAttractionsPARIS GRAND AND ALAMOFRIDAYLouise Glaum in"Her Sweetheartof the Doomed"Triangle K. B. Feature."A BookwormTurns"Triangle Comedy.PearJ White in ninthepisode of "Peail of theArmy."v SATURDAY.Gold Seal offers a Western drama,"THE ALMOST GOOD MAN."L-Ko offers "Beach Nuts," farcecomedy in two parts. Also Big V.comedy, "Worries and Wobblers."At the Alamo Saturday night, MaryAnderson and Antonio Moreno in "ByRight of Possession," a love dramaof the West. A Vitagraph Blue Ribbon feature.MONDAY.George Beban in"THE "BOND BETWEEN."Pallas production.Victor Moore m a "Klever Komedy;" Paramount Picturegraph andBray's cartoons.Hours-Alamo, 2 to 5:30; Paris Grand,7 to 1 0:30, Admission 5 and 1 0c.National Guard Brigadier General inservice at the Hattiesburg cajnp, andas the Indiana and West Virginiatroops will be at the same camp hemay have under him a brigade composed of men from all three States.The ariny is undergoing a greatchange and it may be that State "linesin the old national guard troops willbe completely wiped out.m m .Though the average man isn't badenoungh to need reforming he is notgood enough to pass a civile serviceexamination for a halo.No Taxes To PayTO OUR CUSTOMERS:Under the provisions of the recently enacted revenue law of the State of Kentucky, this bank has elected to pay the taxes assessed against the deposits of ourcustomers with us. It will not be necessary for you to make any return of cash ondeposit with this bank on the forthcoming assessment blank as of September Is t,1917, as this bank will pay all taxes.Bourbon-Agricultural Bank &Trust Co.sSALEThe Finest Collection ofAFf lf&'rf&l '911 rfflfttaaSUMMERFOOTWEARSNELL.iBIRTHS. -In this city, to the wife of Mr.Robert Carr, a son.At the Massie Memorial Hospital,in Paris, on the 20 th inst, to thewife of Mr. James Herrington, ofthe L. & N., a daughter.m fv& P3sWILL COMPLETE PASTORATEMr. Louis Snell. asred thirtv-siv.temporarily a resident of Paris, which !ing representative of the Lexington1Dry Goods Co.." died at the Massio 'Memorial Hospital, in this city, Tues-!day about midnight.Mr. Snell hadbeen an inmate of! Sthe Hospital for several days, an op-2eration for appendicitis having beenperformed there a few days ago. Itwas thought that he was gettingalong very nicely. His wife had beenat his bedside that night and left togo to her home, confident thaf Mr.Snell was slightly improved. She wasrecalled by telephone, but Mr. Snelldied before her arrival.Mr. Snell was for a time in business in Georgetown, but after thedissolution of the business there hetook a traveling position -with theLexington Dry Goods Co., makingthis his home. Hewas married four-?years' ago to Miss Myrtle Riley, 'daughter" of Judge J. W'. Riley, ofMorehead. He was a man of the'most pleasing and agreeable manners,one whose personality made himfriends everywhere. The niws of hisdeath was received with genuine sorrow throughout the Blue Grass regionof the State, where he was so favor-jably known. 'Mr. Snell is survived by his widow, IMrs. Myrtle Snell; his mother, Mrs. iV. F. Snell. three brothers. Messrs.pastor of James. Charles and Henrv Snpll nil'I ' W , v-preacn at 0f Lexington, and two cousins,tO-mOrrOW ' TvVpoors Vinfnr arid TTarrtlrf IV C!r,llAt Prices Lower Than Makers' Cost.Don't Wait! Your Final Opportunity to Buy High Gradei Men's, Women's and Children's ShoesAt a Fraction of Original Values!iRev. J. J. Dickey,Hutchison Chapel, willOakland school housenight. These servfces will complete ' nf Roiirhnn nmitifv.his pastorate work in Scott county, The remains were removed froms the fouryears' limit of his church the Massie Hospital to tha rtKKNwill prohibit his retum.v - of-Mr.and Mrs. Charles NT' -RMhiaf,Ladies' White Sea Island Canvas Boots,$3.50, sa'e price $2.45Ladies' Grey and Champagne Kid Colonette Pumps, $4.00, sale price. . .$1 .95Ladies' White Canvas Colonette Pumpr,$2.00, sale price $149Ladies' Kid Shoes, button and lace,$4.00, sale price $2.99Ladies' Gun Metal Shoes, broken sizes,$3.00 and $3.50, sale price $1.45Ladies' Patent and Dull Kid StylishPumps, $4 00 and $4.50, sale price $2.93Ladies' Black Kid Low and High HeelPumps, $3.50, sale price $2.45Ladies' broken size Oxfords and Pumps$3.00; sale price '....$ .99'Men's White Cloth English Oxfords,Walk-Over, $4.50, sale price $3.50Men's Russian Tan Oxfords, Walk-Overand Bostonians $4.50, sale price.$3.49Men's Tan and Gun Metal Oxfords,$3.00, sale price $1.99Men's Patent Colt English Oxfords,$5.00, sale price $3.45Men's Black Kid Oxfords, Walk-Over,$4.50 sale price $3.50Men's Gun Metal, button and lace,$4.00, sale price $2.99Mens uurr JYLetal Button Shoe, $3.00,salejprice $1.99iBoys Misses' and. Children's Shoes and Slippers at Clearance Sale PricesCHILDREN'S SANDALS 49c TENNIS 39cNone sent on approval, exchanged or credited. No stamps given during this JtaleDAN COHENParis' Greatest Shoe StoreWhere Beauty and Economy Reign- - - ' -- j -- - -i- - -v - --r- fnnniyiiMMiiiV.yvT--S"KL . fe9ntsrmmr'mftf0BttriKri i.. J". "rvagaL. ,Tfc. -