Trv.NEWSTHEPUBLISHED EVERY TUESDAY AND FRIDAY IN THtf YEAR.VOLUME XXXYPARIS, BOURBON COUNTY, KENTUCKY, TUESDAY, JANUARY 16, 1917THE TOBACCO MARKETS.NEGRO FOUND DEADON MILLER WARD FARM.HEAVIEST SNOW. OFSEASON FOR MANY YEAR:5ju account ot a ruuiiig snu siuiuino sales were held on the Paris mar- When Mr. Newton Taylor went to a J The heaviest snow on record forkot yesterday. The roads leading to .hunk wagon on the tarm of Mr. J. January in many years now covers aiitown are all blocked with snow, an 1, Miller Ward, on the Georgetown pike Central Kentucky, tihe fall of the beausales will be light until present condi- near Paris, Friday afternoon to get tiful having attained a depth of twelvelions are relieved. But little tobacco some tools for the work hands, he inches by Sunday night,was on the floors yesterday, but this found the place locked. Upon forcing The snow began falling at about on-?-will be sold to-day. the door open he discovered the dead o'clock Saturday tnorning and fellBOURBON0Winter Has Just BegunAND YOU MUST NOT NEGLECT HAVINGGood. Warm ClothesfrThe Bourbon Tobacco Warehouse body of an unknown negro lying on a steadily throughout Saturday to Sun-company i consonuaieaj nas sum lu v vil ouin m uhc wiuci.. i.ii a. 1 .1 J tiitn -k r wt im -- rt s-fcYi - II1V TT rt ! CT if lVrT r rf nltp rl n1 J-?f5idf5OUIL lU.Ah7 J U lUll A&kfU jr u ...wAwfwr-.r s,Twinmls nf tnhnnro for S183.312.66. an tion. The Coroner decided that theaverage of $9.91. t man had come to ihis death through ex-The New Independent Warehouse posure, and no inquest was heiu, as tnolessened somewhat, but with thechange to the north in the wind thehad no sales yesterday, owing to light evidence adduced plainly indicated the snow began to cofme down again, it j qreceipts and the heavy snowfall. The man had frozen to death. The bod' was the first all-day snow storm that'heavy snow n the skylights rendered, was brought to Paris and turned over 'has visited tjliis section in -many years. Jnil tiirofw warplinnsR so dark that it ' to a local colored firm of undertakers, 'At midnight Saturday the wind becameivoulcl have rendered sales impossible who have been holding it here in an ' stronger and piled the snow in drifts feien naa otner conuiuons oeen xuvor- enuu iu esiauusu uic lucmuj ul ic emu. iuo auuuou aiai ucuy. iub' uk-able, i man. Memoranda containing tne tore tins ousiness was practically susstreet addresses of a number of ner-Mrs. Delia Peterson, of the Millers-, sons in Lexington and Louisville, werebnrg vicinity, recently sold her crop J iound in his pockets, and throughof tobacco, totaling 13,000 pounds, to a these an effort is being made to findr-ont Viiium hnvpr fnr () ner minureu . out wno me uniorumaie man is uinrmiiris. was.Over $17.00 per hundred pounds hasbnen the average paid for tobacco onpended, merchants closing their placesor business ana ma King tneir wayhome through one of the most disagreeable nights tiiey have experiencedTraffic in all directions was seriouslyinterfered with and the Interurban service between Paris and Lexington, arITiio rfcnn irac nnnnrpnflv nhnnfr fnrfvJ. 1144. 1 ,.4.J 44.4-. "'J - --- , .., 0...,five vosrs rlrl nnrl vs flrpspf1 iii hlnp. . u pll n3 train sprvinp in flip T,nnt5villthe market at Uie three Paris ware-J trousers, over which he wore kaki& Nashville from all points, was verm.cc fViic coacon 1 overalls, and an old brown kaki army t irregular, trains and cars all being:(Continued on Page 6.) shirt. In a letter which was found in late. Country roads were almost block-1jone of the pockets the writer address- ed in some places, and the county peo-F!LM COMPANY TO STAGE jed him as "Uncle James," and was pie of necessity, becajme enforced"" ALASKAN SCENES HERE signed "Your loving sister, Sarah . "shut-ins" and "stay-at-homes."j King." In a memorandum book was a The city street cleaning departmentMr. R. S. Porter, former manager oPpart of the effects found in his pockets ;made an effort to clear the clogged.u r r?,-o,iri Onor-i Hnnco received wac thn. fnllnwinf- addresses! John streets Satiirdav afternoon bv usinzrClit; Ittl ID U1UIIU KjyJ-l .M.VK, w ,..M.t. v. .u.... .. -.0 ., - 1, .a letter yesterday from a large film Banks. J. D. Foster, Rose or Race the county road scraper, but the four-producing company with headquarters Street; Mary Yates, 4ol smitn btreei: 'mule team became fatanea so oiten amin Chicago, asking for information as Miss Sallie Scott, 517 Alford Street, so effectually by the .huge accumulato the possibility of (making a nuinber Mrs. Mary Lewis, 167 Smith Street; .tions of wet, soggy, hard-packed sno.vof film pictures" in the bluegrass pas-1 Miss Lida Jones, 167 Jefferson Street; ! that the attempt was abandoned. Bytwres of Bourbon county during the ' Mrs. Ida Carpenter, Fifth Street; Miss hard work a passage was cut throughpresent heavy snow fall. The pictures Aithelia Peyton, 208 Nortih Nineteenth the pavements of the city by the useto be taken are supposed to represent street, Louisville, ivy.; j. i'. iayior, oi a norse-urawn arag anu me way olOUR Suits and Overcoats cannot be ezcelled anywhere when it comes to style and quality. Overcoats made with convertible storm collars, cut extralong, just the thing for these cold, raw winter days, madein rough, nappy, warm cloth and genuine Chinchilas andMontenacsV--S12.50 to $40Ms.scenes in Alaska and the far North- jjei.nie Brown, Lock Streetwestern country. jThe letter stated that about twenty-1fixe mincipals will take part in tho i PUBLICj..: 11 r Viom nrnminent in A CARD TO THfc HUbLIUiTlKLUAiLUJll, ! -- vv.i. i" - iVio film wnrlrl nnil several of wllOlll Iv.,. i.nr.-iQ fomUi-ir in fintrons of the In thisJirtVC UCV-Wim- nwiwwiw t ...-movies" in tfris city.nedestrians was made a trifle easierYesterday the snowfall began againparly, and the prospects were for another dose of the same.Rural mail carriers had great difli-, 'cultv in making their routes, as did thissue of THE BUUUUU.S ,.sfxr ,rriorC!. - i VTl.-'X'JTC? 1 mrr- mv rklllllio ! Tl 11 nil 11 CC ,. . . . 1"movies" in tins city. A large numuer .ivo i iij .; h --- ( rue Heaviest previous snow rucuru-oi "supes" will also be engaged, as ment as candidate for the office of As-' p(1 here as during December, 1910.' u i.(;,wl l.aia in nrl. sessor Oi' BOlirbOll COUllty. SUbjeCt 10 ,v, v. ,rvn.ir..1 woe nrvnrrl tn ndstion to the number the film company . the action of the Democratic voters of d th of 9 inohes It was a dry snov,rjll bring with them. i the county at the nnmary election to aml (H(1 not pack iike the presentMr Porter is in conterence with the be held in August, 191'- . .snow.ovners of a number of fine Bourbon I feel that I do not need introduction j The county roads were reported well.. ,., ..-irD tiio woodland to ttlie neople of Paris or Bourbon u1r.vofi nn-niimt trnvpl vesterdav and' ..11 u ni;i.iv nrinnfpd for countv. as practically all my life has 0..10.oc u.r,rp miipri on in several in-nCOUe& Will uy J'uim j I !, noccml ill t ll P rMv all Ithe setting of sucn scenes as tne mmrmnnnv iipcirps to 'make, and will forward a report to Chicago as soon as and favorably known. I have naa a dirfts Two of the machines were,i,iita imHprstandinir is reached with large and varied experience m prop- abandoned on the North Middletownli owners iQrly lines' aml feel that H1 exPen pike, wiliile their drivers walked to the. ence thus pained would be of inestima- nearest farm ilouse to telephone forble value in conducting the affairs of hen Mail carriers who left th localSOCIAL AND W. C T. U. so important an office as that of As- ffl yesterday did so in th Ami beuoiti ico ct-coi - .-..-. bessui. 1 iitvc aui, - " - jjor thait they wouiu nave vo lutu uuuiv.service of the city as Councilman, and Th0 juigviue & Nashville experienc-i, nnnHoHv mpptinc f the fool t.imt this pxnerience. also, will bt , , . .iik,.i ; i,or.iiinfr froin-iii: tuum,;, ii vv-w... ., garages were euueu un m accioi m-11 been passed in the city and county, stances t0 i)ring jn (machines that hadr where 1 am perfectly sure I am weu 3 stalled in the heavy snows and favorably known. I have had a dirfts Two 0f the machines were1 tim riimrtprlv meetinc of the rpoi tihat this exnerience, also, will ol , ,of ,imrtl,n : imnfiiinp- frpip-hi.hiorth Middletown Y. C. T. U. the fol- 0f some value in Uie administration of .. freieftlt being delayed by thelowing officers were re-elected: Pres- the duties of the office, l will nave dlfficulty in switching and handling inicfent, Mrs. R. L. Henry; vice-presi- associated with me as deputy Mr. Lee .. . (lrifts that impeded the pro-dent, Mrs. J. C. Bryan; secretary, Mrs R. Cravens, of the Little hock pre- ga Qf trains 0nly perishable freigutJ.W. Jones; treasurer, Mrs. Bert Rash. cinct. amau of large experience in the ag delivered during the day.rs. Henrj'gave report of State Con-lCOUnty, as he has been a farmer am, The Parjs city Schools were disHenrj' gave a report of the State Con- btock dealer for biany years. Our ex- migsed at noon yesterday for the day'.nUon which onet in Lexington re- tensive acquaintance with the people Qn account o the extreme cold andoentlv. Mrs. Brran gave an outline of the county warrant us m saying the deep gno whicn WOrked a hardreport of the proceedings of tiie Na-rUiat we are botii well known, and that Qn the pupils attending, especitional Convention, and Mrs. Hagan no one in the county will have to ask. Uy the HtUe tQts who suffered fromjrave an interesting synopsis of Wil- wi10 we are. the cold. Many pupils in .the countyfiam Jennings Bryan's talk at the Le.c-1 If elected we intend to conduct the who attend the Paris school wereinjgton meeting. , t "affairs of the office -of Assessor on a SROWDOund by the snow-blocked roacftMrs. B. P. Skillman was selected cO strictly impartial business basis, mafr(and could not get in to Uie city. Thepreside as Chaiiiman at the meeting of ing no undue concessions to anyone, county schools were also seriously ofthe Woman's Club, Friday afternoon, and showing no undue partiality to f(?cted in the matter of attendance byin the absence of the president and any pr0perty-owner in any part of tiio 1)locked roads.vice-president. Alter me regumi w- Clty or counLy, wuoevw " i .june business had been disposed of the be We ask the support of the votersfollowing program was rendered: "Iu-(oi: the city and county with the abovefiuence of Ibsen on the Modern as our platform. We hope to see eachDrama " Miss Lena Talbott; "Life of one of you in person as the campaignIbsen," Mrs. Wm. ieomon; iw., -progresses"Peer GynL" "Pillars ot trociety, j.Tclliver Young.Verv Tmly.GEORGE D. SPEAKES,LEE R. CRAVEN,PARIS WOMAN CHAIRMANOF WILSON MEMORIAL FUND.The State Federation of Women'sClubs has just announced a splendidwork they are undertaking for amemorial to Robert Burns wuwu, ...Kentucky painter-poet.(It)TO RENUMBER HOUSES.-r.n-DA euccWAM P.ONCERTinencan gni-i.i" i-.CO. IN LYCEUM COUKbt.,- oc,VlLCl uiovu.i3ui.iitjAt the meeting of the City Councilthe petition of Postmaster J. WalterPayne, asking the city to have the business houses and residences of Parisrenumbered in a more systematic andsatisfactory manner, so as to complywith thP. renuirements of the PostofficeI department, was taken up for consider-the subject thor-r. r fi,n Pnriq Lvce-' oughly it was generally conceded thatThe next number of the Pan .;th present state of affairs regardingm Course, to be given underthe direc ' mbers on houses was un-IThe shorter Coats for the young fellow made in the vPinch Back effects and and Belted Backs.Men's and Young Men's Winter Suit in many de'sirable pattern and styles.MITCHELL &BLAKEMOREExclusive Agency For the Nettleton Fine Shoe, Witch ElkShoes and the Famous Dr. Reed Cushion Sole Shoe.tgCS3S3BIG TOBACCO SALEAT THEINDEPENDENT,VAll Records Broken Up to :BateBoth as to House Record, $20.64, and Basket Record$52.00 per cwt., Ever Held in Paris.Wi, .-'hy tihe Federation. , paris HighMrs. traniv r-. iuj, "-J, -',.d will be the Theresa Sheehan Concert -- red ed at soon as possiCompany, which will be the atrraction u1 be fg that action in the, at the Paris High School Auditorium We. .It jas agrcea idel acJanuary 17, at 8'.i-,f ei T nV Thnrnpr Wade H.wn pleeted (jnairniaii ol mc vww. - ,siuie, aim j rfbSL Memorial Fund Committee ap-o clock reflne;, whiUey was instructed to dm up anTciurandVidual memb,rs as e ever v ,aaJLSTawlSaRBaiatsvers ot Pans ana vicinity .'', "'"'.," ..w .. ot nnmITfJ Br,s'ZrTon 'houses being changeJ or left. Anf-a"mr"' 'inmTnt for the bene- oil entirely. This Iim. been covere.Paris, at once."sIatI Cnkudepartm entDenuty Banking Commissioner RanWn Reville, ot Covington, will resigncPom the SUte Banking Departmentrunlet February 1 when StateRanking Commissioner G. G. bpeer reFurS to Frankfort from Florida wherehe has been with nis lauiei, "CROP SALES FROM-$12.92 to $26.37Now if you want to get the money, put your vtobacco under the light of the Independent. We ffivethe average price that each crop broughtts.v-this is an entertainment uh """ one ' pretty thoroughly in articles appearingfit of the general public, everyonej)i;erB NEWbs several weeks ago. Itshould attend.SNOW TIES UPMANY AUTOMOBILES.The heavy snows of the past fewj.. i.ovo crvpd to damnen the ardorSWSSri rrestaave ot tany auto entbusiasts ,is hoped that the work may oe nonesystematically this time, and in accordance with modern, up-to-dateideas.ALL-DAY MEETING.tvtc Mpnrv A. Power, president ofLi, ir.oi oiiviiinrv of the Womans Mis-l?XUBnndiasanTCcntucky.; denart-'S account of the snow. Chains heJ held at the -Methodist church to-ii as Deputy Banking Commissioner were ed on all cars that did go out.Sn its creation, and has aided in(butthe gasoline consumpUon of eachrfJh? State banks of Kentucky I running, was increased consider.?iTmUer foSidaUon Uian they were Sly, according to the reports madeivesujiuaor.Leach & Doyle sold a 1 5-acrc crop of 22,765 pounds foran average of - V" ;$22.31, 4OFFICERS ELECTED.The following Board of Directorsfoar years ago.STOREKEEPER NAMED.Mr. Stanley W. KJller. formerly edH.r of The earns e wj;. ;r; - meetlnjr of the stocknffionuertke Civil Senricd.lHoiise, held Saturday: Messrs Wm.Sr Keller has been a deputy in the H. McMillan, D. C. Pfrrish, John r .Sce of Internal Reread Collector. Hinton, Willi! Myall, Ed. T; ; Hintonoceoi f "..--...- fnr loma nnAvnAr -Woodford and Col. B. t." .. . ..J11 v.day. The following program "rendered: n ,Morning session, 10:00 to iz:uu; uusinAIa cocsinn; renorts of officers; Dis-.tf .onnTf of vpur'f? work. Mrs. A. S.JBest, of Millersburg; Bible readiug;"Christian Stewardsaiip," Mrs. J. H.Spiliynan, of Harrodsburg; Benediction; adjournment for luncheon, to bet.nr.-,roA of thp nhnrch.Afternoon session, 1:30 o'clock; Installation services, conducted by Mrs.ctn,oT, -DrocirfAnt nf the WomansOUlllLLUlU, j. w. 'w - - .vt.n;nnirr ?3npiAfv of the KentuckyConference of the Methodist1 church; ;Vhir tiIedrB for the ensuing: yrvEsdell Clark sold 1,970 pounds fo.$461.23, average $23.41.Plumtner, McClure & Vimont sold2,075 pounds for $489.66, average$23.59.Young & Robinson sold 2,630 poundsfor $693.56, average $26.37.Connell Bros, sold 1,520 pounds for$322.47, average $21.21.Haley & Johnson sold 1,985 poundsior $360.76, average $18.17.Thomas & Faulconer sold 4,085pounds for $891.18, average $21.91.Thomas & Faulconer sold 3,555pounds for $680.58, average $19.14.Harry B. Clay sold 4,035 pounds for$830.40, average $20.57.R. G. Young sold 2,885 pounds for$527.47, average $18.28.Kriegel & Patterson sold 1,620pounds for $311.81, average $19.24.IGeo. Leeds sold 3.3S0 nrmnrZji$590.72, average $17.79. - r -?Jordan & Patterson sold 490 pounds '"for $65.14, average $13.29.' :WVYoung & Bradburn sold 4,175 pouBds'v 'for $714.84, average $17.09. ' 'Thofnason & Hinkston sold 3,790pounds for $967.21, average $25.52. 'Sudduth & Lewis sold 1,390 poundfor $179.64, average $12.92.Wheat & Hutahcraft sold 2,440pounds for $481.53, average $19.73. ' rFrank Smith sold 1,770 pound for$304.25, average $17.19.Parrish & Munson sold 2,19a pouadsfor $416.13, average $18.96.Young, Taul & GUlispie sold 2,2f'-pounds for $399.87, average $17.W.Wornall St Robinson, sold 2.W4poamds for W22.20, arerace 7.43. , 'k.$jCUyf,adjoUrnment;"beaedicUon.'?ths.J'. 4, .1 r .IV" ' '-V., 4, CAr7- f- -. Viikx. -it4", r 'isS 'V''xa :itBmMarsnau m wu,w, .w..fAGETWOTVWBDAY, JANUART H, WIT.THE BOURBON, NEWS,. PARIS, KY.ST m(!')rlIFhe )3ourbon Newstotabllshd 18135 Years oftinuous Publication.Con-Pvblfhd Every Tuesday and Friday.0 Year. . . .'$2.00 Six Months. . $1.00Payable in Advance.WIFT XHAMP, Editor and dwner.Jtatorad at the Paris, Kentucky,PoetotRce as Mail Matter of theSecond .Class.)A-N NOU NCEM ENT.mind probahlyL.makes the 1est speller.Good spelling is a valuable habit,and gives an impression of an accuratemind, and familiarity with theworldof books and business. It would bewell if the old time spelling contestscould be revived, both as sporting contests after the old .manner, and intests between different schools, towns,and counties, as in the contest in NevYork State referred to above.FOR STATE SENATOR.W are authorized to announce LEEWAINSCOTT, of Winchester, as aoamdidate-for the nomination for theiflKr3 rf Qtao Ronnlnr in thf Twpntvighth Kentucky Senatorial Districting cost. Children are absolutely heedcarooeed of Clark. Bourbon and Moni-lles, and they never stop to think otgoraery counties, in the primary elec- the effect of weather or play on theirThe Cost of Shoes.There are reports from slioe manufacturing centers that owing to higncost of leather and labor, further advances in shoes are likely If so, thisis a' pretty serious item in the cost ofliving.In the family with a growing familyof children to support, the shoe costsometimes seems more than the cloth-HAVE YOU A BAD BACK?If You Have, the Statement of ThisParis Resident Will Interest You. -Does your back ache, night and day;Hinder work; destroy your rest?Boes it stab you through and throughWhen you stoop or lift or bend?Then your kidneys may be weak.Often backache is the clue.Just to give you further proof,The kidney action may be wrong.If attention is not paidMore distress will soon appear.Headache, dizzy spells and nerves,Uric acid and its HisMake tlio burden worse and worseLiniments and plasters can'tReach the kidneys use the pills.Paris folks have tried and proved.What they say you can believe.Read this Paris woman's account.See her, ask her, if you doubt.Mrs. J. C. Feltmann, South Pleasanttiea to be held on August 4, 1917. He footwear. A good active boy of tea ! street, Paris, says: "A few years ago,ajsks your support in his race upon abroad and liberal platform.We are authorized to announeKENTUCKY TRACTION -TERMINAL COMPANYInterurban Schedule.itituiiiiiiiiiiiiii iiit mil iiiiiiiiiiiiini'i'mCARS LEAVEParisforLexingtonLexingtonforParis6789111223466681045 a. m.30 a. m.15 a. m.00 a. m9 ;,45 a. m.15 a. m.45 p. m.15 p. on.45 p. m.30 p. m.15 p. m.05 p. m.50 p. m.15 p. m.05 p. m.678810111234567911Agency00 a. m.20 a. m.i00 a. m.50 a. m.20 a. m.50 a. m.20 p. m.50 p. m.30 p. m.20 p. m.00 p. m.00 p. m.20 p. m.10 p. m.00 p. m.CITY CARS ONLY.Lve. Court House Lve. Station 5.wears through a pair of shoes in .. 1 1 a as suffering with kidney complain f.month or two. In the case of grown j My back was the worst source of painuric ilio nnir nf :lirPK t.linl. OTlfi USed'nnrl nn1ifrl flrojwlfiillv T frmnrl it rliffi.Se S? ao'ntotSVu,SlS W W for seems to cast about J cult to bend or stoop. I had ofte,ftice of State Senator in the Twenty-j?4-00 now aml tne pnce 1S llkelv.read about Doan's Kidney Pills and Ieighth Kentucky Senatorial Distric J enough to go higher. used a bo. They cured me ot the at-ftrl-nnosed of Clark. Bourbon and Moiu- It is all a part of the conditions ere-, tack. Whenever I have had any re-x xjopiery counties, in the primary elec J ated by the decline of the live stock in-.turn symptoms, I have used Doanv.ion to be held on August 4, 1917. H ( dustries. The snaie causes have boose- Kidney Pills, procured from Oberdor-,sKs your support in nis race upon a ed skv hih tne priccs 0f meat. lth fer's Drujr Store and have received !jad and liberal .platform. the pCpuiation of the United States in-' the same good results."FOR JAILER creasing, and the number of cattle de-j Price 50 cents, at all dealers. Don't, T , 1 creasing, it is easy to see why hides, simply ask for a kidney retnedy gtGRMWrof pS.faiT5S:'-ther. and beef alike are held at Doan's Kidney Pills-the same thatdidate for the Democratic nomination fancy Pes. Mrs. Feltmann had. Foster-Milburn-' for tfiie office of Jailer of Bourbon I When prices of shoes go up, the ten- Co., Props., Buffalo, N. Y. (adv;count , subject to the action of the ' dency of many people is to buy cneap-Bemocratic party at the primary elec-jer .goods. This means that tney ou.,tion,on August 1, 1917. I upper leather cut down into the flanksWe are authorized to announce J. -where the texture is loose slimpsy.W. Hart, of Bourbon county, as a can-shoes o tnis kind wear but a sil0ltdidate for Jailer, subject to the action and are the most costly kind Kot the Democratic party, at the State (& man affoid tQ buy a shoe mt"Tearf Authorized to announce , from leather near the backboneJOHN H. DOTY, of Paris precinct, as where tjie texture is firm and closelya candidate for the Democratic nomi-knit, he should buy a heavier shoe, innation for Jailer of Bourbon County,! which the material is thick enough tosubject to the action of the Demo- oft-er SOme resistance.tratic primary in August, 191. Tm-S js a period when peoble uhoWe are authorized to announce Hve and WQrk in(loors iiave tender,c a and ur c for sofshr JOTtlc nomination for the office of lathers and mothers used to wearJailer of Bourbon county, subject to heavy shoes and fell comfortable ithe action of the Democratic party at' them. About the only choice that isthe primary election in August, 1917. economical today is between a solidWe are authorized to announce aild heavy shoe that Jus body enoughTHOS. TATJL as a candidate for Jailer tQ wear, and a light shoe from theot Bourbon county, subject to the ac- f 't of the leatner that cosiotion of the Democratic Primary. d endunng tcvt.We are authorized to announce C. ,Ufe"'T. MASTERSON as a candidate for ure.Jailer of Bourbon County, subject to.i, .t; f fii nomnoMtip. State MOTHER! GIVE CHILDilis ai,uuii v. .iw t.w.. -am7.45 am8.15 am8.45 am9.15 am9.45 am10.15 ami10.45 am11.15 am11.40 am12.00 m12.45 pm41.15 pm45 pm2.15 pm2.45 pm3.15 pm3.45 pm4.15 pm4.45 pm5.15 pm7.15 am8.00 2m8.30 am9.00 am9.30 am10.00 am10.30 am11.00 am11.30 am11.50 am12.15 pm1.00 pm1.30 pm2.00 pm2.30 pm3.00 pm3.30 pm4.00 pm4.30 pm5.00 pm5.00 pmSTACY - ADAMSSHOESziI$ifJ!.$7- and $7-50Take Advantage of These Pricesand Save Money.HARRY LINVILLE! ! ! ! ! -I' ! ! ! ! !' 'I' ! !' !' 'I' ! ! ! 'I ! ! ! ! ! ! ! 'I' !' 'I 'I' !' -I' 'I' ! 'I' ! 'I' 'I' ! 'I1 ! !' ' 1 l'iM"SYRUP OF FIGS" IFTONGUE IS COATED'primary, August. 1917. tWe are authorized to announce W. iO. BUTLER, of Faris, as a candidate jfor the Democratic nomination for the ifoffice of Jailer of Bourbon county, subject to the action of the Democratic!State primary, in August, 1917.We are authorized to announce and nothing else cleanses the tenderJOHN W. KING as a candidate for the stomach? liver and bowels so nicely,nomination of Jailer of Bourbon coun-( c Mid 'simply will not stop playing.yty. subject to the action of the Demo-,tQ . . the bowelSf aud the result is,Cross, Feverish, Sick,. Bilious,Clean Little Liver and Bovels.Children love this "fruit laxative,"ratlc primary, on baiuruaj, August . hppnrnA tiehtlv closed uiU' i w ". - .waste, liver gets sluggish, stomacnsours, then your little one becomes'cross, nait-sicK, levensn.l; 1917.don't eat,breath is bad.. FOR ASSESSOR.r.. - it t .1 nnn.,,-..n AT-' "vT"..."'" :' sleep or act naturally., iS for" The Damocrauc nominati' system full ot cold has sore throat,for the office or Assessor of Bourbon , stomach-ache or diarrhoea. Listen,County, with Ir. John J. Redmon, of mother! See if tongue is coated, then Ithe North Middletown precinct, as give a teaspoonlul of "California,Deputy -Assessor, subject to the action ? gyrup of Figs," and in a few hoursf the Democratic party at the primary jalj the constipated waste, sour bile jelection to be held on Saturday, Aug d undigested food passes out of the j4, 1917 They respectfully ask your d -have a wellf playlulupPrt Ichild again.FOR MAYOR. ' Millions of mothers give "California jWe a.re authorized to announce Mr Syrup of Figs" because it is perfectly ,James M. Moreland, of Paris, as a harmless; cliildren love it, and llcandidate for Uie office of Mayor of j never fails to act on the stomach, livere city of Paris, subject to the action and toweis., ltlTE syMjiLi . . --j-ir -j?ri-4- .- ' - . - " . -,-i- t -.-..-- - j. .irs; - .-... - m C? r -v:o"N-. 'm v - r . ' J ' - -' 7." .- .. " .7C-r "''- "? r "- ."- - v V- -- I, f l I f--r... ' . - - - I I Mil rLj vto .i& '-.'vV '.'X - -wj.rfA t-- v ,- r -"C-v VTv1"?: - ?ff -mMtSi&SSfSfSiteir - iRSSuKs J'- -trvS' vk.j-kKlg,II - ij 1TL M I'-jBif " 'y'Vyt-' J-'t - BBfvmKSSfMp-JMJWyWjJjfTi'iWwHBBBiff "Mfii ' iir jB-Tfrf jKii jaaMMM"MTfiMii the voters o,f the city at tne priraarv election to be held on August 4,1S17. Your support is respectfullysolicited..EDITORIAL MUSINGS.iSpelling Matches.Ask your druggist for a 50 cent bottle of "California Syrup of Figs,"which has full directions for babies,children of all ages and for grownups plainly printed on the bottle. Beware of counterfeits sold here. Getthe genuine, made by "California FigSyrup Company." Refuse any otherkind with contempt (advjMany people were perhaps surprisedtkeother day to read that a third anaval intercountry spelling match hadbeen held between school children i:iMadison and Onondaga counties. NewYork. It would be interesting to knowIf tiiis is merely a unique instance, orH there is a tendency to revive the oldtime spelling match, which has beenrregarded as obsolete.Th old-fashioned spelling contest' iMid to be part of air earlier sociallife,' where people were thrown morokHL their own resources for diversion.Alo they were not averse to some little mental exercise. There were contU in repeating literature and Bibli,-al quotations and in tihe writing of-tines. Ml kinds of information were- -worked into games.Nowadays the world is more full oflaaaWHfaients. Most people like to sitim am opera chair and see other peopleTrform while their minds lie idle andTke.-4isplays of spelling ability thatom -wbld formerly see at any crossroads spelling match would seem al-j6t unbelievable to-day. The Englishlanguage is so purely illogical in Itsfvems, that it requires no little mentaleffort to establish a correct orthojraplty. One can not fix the correctform in one's mind by any analogies,JW the exceptions are more numerousDha the rules.Probably good spelling ability depd somewhat on the sopie gifts thatortate habits of mental accuracy. The-it moey looking person, whomvrer attracts attention in. the classLime should be applied after plowing, and preferably three or four weekbefore seeding alfalfa, in order that itmayj become from frequent harrowingthoroughly incorporated with the sou.It is -often practical, especially wheusing ground limestone, to apply thelime to the crop preceding, in ordaethat there may be time for it to become thoroughly available for the alfalfa.rtSitU' 'IIBM n I p f.m oldKmgCoal.A'oIdsouZ,:MsJTndImake" Itioufrompole to polemmwM:mwszCOAL is the king of NatureChief Engineerof the world's progresstoward comfort. For centuries the sun has been storing in the bowels of theearth the heat values wefind in coal. The qualitycoal we sell is impregnatedwith the proper caloric unitsto make a comfortable heat.It is the fuel for your family furnace.FOX RIDGEHot StuffW. C. D0DS0NI can spell my name: S-Q-V-E-R-E-I-G-N.And i know what itmeans good blood and rightstock the finest ever!My! Isn't there a lot to learn?Have to keep your eyes and earsopen. And the Governor says youcan't get it all out of books.My folks keep 'telling me: "Remember you are -a Southerngentleman. Be clean; be sweet;be good. A good cigarette burnsto a smooth, even ash it neverparches the tongue nor dries thethroat."So I'm saying to you it doesn'tmatter how you spell cigarette, ifyou pronounce it SOVEREIGN.You can rely on real old, smooth,mellow Virginia and Carolina tobacco. Quality tells andYou Folks of the South KNOW good blood!You Folks of the South KNOW good tobacco!Now let's all -us good folks stick together,you bet I, SOVEREIGN, will never fail you.this always in your mindLet us be friends andAnd besides, just keep. L.. , s jSI am guaranteed by Tf3 Buy me.If you don't like me return me to your dealer and get, your money back. I have said it. A Southern gentleman is knownthe world over for keeping his word, and I have given you mine.overeign CigarettesFORtTHE GENTLEMAN OPTHE SOUTH9Jforuf ) fffl&rn dCC"r soial life, is apt to nave tuek UMi works metnoaicaiiy uu icb-n-?jfi" Hr ' frotveThis kind ofU:niff- -t&TMnrtl1-:TUESDAY, JANUARY 1, 1$17. "VTHE BOPRBON NEWS, PARKL KTNOTICECONSTIPATION AND INDIGESTIONSOCIAL AND PERSONAL."I have used Chamberlain's Tabletsand must say they are the best ihave ever used for constipation andindigestion. My wife also used themLommgs and Goings of OurPeople Here, There andElsewhere.All who are indebted to me must:v ' " PAOTTWim- " -." rsa ssr EriiIMTObtainable everywhere.attorner fnr immorUnto ii ,r. J"-0 "Ufa?"u. - buw wunuaiou,our "debt more 'than double the orig-j (adv-jan)inal amount, besides the nnnnvancp .as my past dealings were pleasant Ihope the future will be the same.J. ELVOVE,Home Phone 360. Paris, Ky.Notice to Water Consumers.NOTICEWater accounts are rendered forquarter from January to April 1, andmust be paid at the office of the ParisWater Company in fifteen days, or water nu ue snut on. Parties desiring Persons having machinery, grasnto do so can pay as formerly, six seed strippers, etc., stored in theMionths. Rebates due anyone will be. buildings at the Fair Grounds, are recredited on these bills. quested to move same at once - that(12-tf) PARIS WATER CO. jthe buildings may be wrecked and- moved awayNOTICE.All persons having claims againstthe estate of W. P. Ardery will (pleaseprove same and mail them to the undersigned. W. B. ARDERY,(3-tf) Administrator.Notice to Creditors.All persons havins claims againstthe estate of P. J. Millett, deceased,are hereby notified to present thesame, proven as required by law, oner before the 15th. day of February,1917, in order that the same may bepaid, to Efnmett M. Dickson, Attorney-at-Law, in the First National Bank;Building, or to the undersigned.MECHANICS BANK & TRUST COAs Executors of P. J. Millett,Knoxville, Tenn.WILDER, CAYWOOD & GOREY,U2-2t) Paris, Ky.PUBLIC SALE-OF-Fair Grounds Buildings.POSTEDThe land of the late W. P. Arderyhas been posted and no hunting willbe allowed. Please remember this andsave trouble.W. B. ARDERY,(3-tf) Administrator.Notice To the Public!We will sell at public auction, on thepremises, onSATURDAY, JANUARY 20, 1917,i beginning at 2 o'clock, all the buildines(located on the Bourbon Fair Grounds.on Mam street, as follows:Five frame horse stables;TJiree cattle barns;Two hog houses;One sheep barn;One frame kitchen;Four small frame ticket offices;One large frame amphitheatre.I The amphitheatre, containing a largeamount oi seasoneu lumoer, will bosold in four separate sections andthen as a whole, the best bid or bidsto be accepted.Purcihsers of the amphitheatre willI will pay this season the Highest ASired5tVl remVe v6 fr,m theraris lor norse niaes, Deet maes, remove thpm within 9 wooVcU'oolre niirnlincari!prices that have ever been known in the stables and other builSings musVjTrf fnr nnrso ninpcj nnaf ninpc I it ...n.i Ihorseheej) pelts and furs. TERMS Sums of $20 and under,I will also pay the highest market cash in hand. . Over that amount aprice for Rags and Paper. I will send , credit of six months will be given onafter it any nlace in the city. Call an approved note payable at the De-bv Cumberland tmone 374. Office on D0Slt & Peoples' Bank, and bearing I Miss Jean Faulkner, of LexingtonMiss Iva McCarney is visiting relatives and friends in Cincinnati.Mr. and Mrs. Thomas Patton andfamily have moved from Little Rockto Paris to reside in the future.Miss Carrie Conway has returnedto ner nome m Carlisle, after a visitto her aunt, Miss Annie Conway.Mr. William Kenney Jias returnedfrom a visit to his daughter, Mrs. Orville Lawson, in Columbus, Ohio.Mr. and Mrs. Lee R. Penn havegone to Jacksonville, Florida, and willprobably go to Cuba before returningto Paris.Mr. John Yerkes, of the BourbonGarage & Supply Co., was a businessvisitor in Danville and Georgetownseveral days last week.Miss Laura Shropshire, of Lexington and Georgetown, is a guest of Mrs.Samuel Clay, at her home on the CaneRidge pike, near Paris.Mr. and Mrs. John W. Young entertained at their home on the NorthMiddletown pike, near Paris, Saturday,with a dining, in honor of the members of the Talbott-Sledd weddingparty. ,rjMr. and Mrs. Thomas Buckner entertained tihe meimbers of the CountryBridge Club at their country home onHarrods' Creek pike, near Paris, Friday evening. After the games a sumptuous dinner was served the guests.The local and foreign tobacco buyers on the Paris market, together witha number of personal friends, wereguests Thursday of Mr. Charles C.Clarke, manager of the New Independent Tobacco Warehouse, of Paris, athis home on the North Middletownpike, at dinner.The Richmond Pantagraph says:"Mr. and Mrs. Clarence Sprake havereturned to Paris, much.to the regretof the many friends they have madeduring their stay of a few months int.his city. Mr. Sprake operated themotion picture machine at the Alhambra and Opera House, and he has asimilar position at Paris. He is firstclass with the machine and is a pleasand and cultured gentleman as well."Miss Mildred Lisle gave a linenshower at the home of her sister, Mrs.Whilte Varden, on Vine street, in honor of Miss Marie Talbott, who yesterday became the bride of Mr. Frank W.Sledd, of North Middletown. A saladcourse was served the followingguests: Mesdames J. W. Young, W. GTalbott, Tollie Young; Misses MarieTalbott, Frances Clay, Ellen Towle3,Frances Hancock, Nell Cruncher, Marcaret Ardery, Elizabeth Crutcher, Nan-nette Wallingford, Elise Varden, andEighth Street(20-oct-lyr)MAX MUNICH.interest at tfie rate of 6 per cent.WILDER, CAYWOOD & GOREY.(12-3t)rOR RENT!(Other Personals on Page 5.)INACTIVITYCAUSESTION.CO N ST IP A-We have for rent the following desirable property:A second floor suite of three rooms fronting on Broadway,formerly occupied by Dr. Petree. Water, gas and electric lights.Suitable for offices or light housekeeping.Two rooms on second floor adjoining the above building.A nice five-room cottage on Scott Avenue.Two small cottages on Washington Street.For information, etc., apply toMcCLURE & DONALDSON, Agents,Lack of exercise in the winter is afrequent cause of constipation. Youfeel heavv. dull and listless, your com-iplexion is sallow and pimply, and energy at low ebb. Clean up mis conuition at once with Dr. King's New LifePills, a mild laxative that relieves thecongested intestines without griping.)A dose before retiring will assure youa full and easy movement in the morning. 25c at your Druggist.(adv-jan)mrmBaeMTrnmmmnnmm TTaKmrrifn?ri'?mMMMMMMMMmis Instant postum " . .tTtTta iuir t, Jttrt I -1 Th.i it lhe nruUr Pott urn 1 M wtJ .' S SSy '- .8 term nomine added. Stt d'riti' I i fjfMgtLt -w '1 8 'or preparing on othtr ud. j fff43BBBBWT. - " .'c ?TjJ3 i mmSSSKSSfmmaamT Vlaia rentes M :3Me9fetf;t Dostum Cereal ComPfeu 1 ""09 -r-m Mar?THE CALL OF KENTUCKY.LINIMENTFOR STIFF JOINTS.midst of a mighty boom, both in the SLOAN'Sfarming industry and the building of,town sites, and in 1907 and 1908, "cut-j RheumatIc pains and aches get iacoout" years, Missouri anDealed to the joints and muscles, makine everyspecifically .. . spotinn nf th.nt movement torture. Relieve your suf-The writer cannot but feel that when 'a former Kentuckian,speaking, a tobacco growing Kentuckian, reads of the present high pricesin ma xuivuiei cuuulv paper, cilery on,. r,nnn-tA,i ki ?o 0im,.7.i .arises within him a desire to return to aware as to how wel1 an' these I action; a single application will drivahis native State and again engage in home-seekers have fared. Good for-jout the pain. Sloan's Liniment isifprinsr wifch Sloan's TJnfmpnf? ? miUrif.State was found to be adapted to thiiy penetrates without rubbing, andgrowing of tobacco. The writer is not soothes and warms your sore ntuscte3the tobacco industry.tune jnay have smiled' upon them and j clean, convenient and quickly effacethen again they have suffered reverses Jie, it does not stain the skin or clog:the pores. Get a bottle to-day at yor(adv-jan)During tne unprontable period m and therefore severe hardshiDS. Whattobacco raising, extending mainly from ever lot has been theirs, twenty-dollar jDruggist, 25c,1904 to 1908, Bourbon county lost tobacco must sound mighty good toinany a good family that migrated to them, and who knows but that they ... .other States. Oklahoma and Missouri have a longing to return and some day L iue t"eil.ius XUJ- L U""1C1U??F,,,. !, u c t, i nm,i ,, p f , I uuuw is nigner wuere niue aie icuCi wiC iutuu..ftH lUC iwi ui uj. H- xx wc wu. 6W cottonseed productsmo ouims hi. receiving uiese peopio iuuuuuu yruuuciug luruia. me luccii-within their boundary. PYom 1904 un- string hangs out and if there are anytil 1907 the "Western" fever lay hold who desire to "Oome Home," they willon many, Oklahoma being then in ths be weicojmeu.Keep your hogs free from lice byoccasionally spraying with crude oil owarm days. -'ll4fi'WM"1r'tt$4f 4I"M'-H"H"I"H''I"M''M lllllll(dec29-tf)Second Floor First National Bank Building.4Come i JHHRA Iand et mHSSmmM 1u .",vHSmfir $&&&"5 s Ij X wSTumfo a nm o w,IMI&K iliURJ i ff 4-P .Lome m, asK aDom u.Successful metliods for the contro1nf thp foot-rot of sweet potatoes, a seri-us and destructive disease in several j JI States, have been developed by the (Jspecialists of the department. iLET US SHOW YOU 'A.i.. i.4- Jr. .liffofft-tif frmv I j.n line reiueuv liiul ia un'vllk k.... , .- !any other.z.4!42Girls aaci womencan joir ourAmasifcti)Sbj&itimt ask about itYes, GIRLS or WOMEN, BOYS or MEN dan join.The plan is this: Come in and get a "ChristmasRanktntf PIiTh" hnnk FREE- It costs nothing to ioin. Det posit 5 or 10 cents or 1 or 2 cents for the first week; thenincrease your deposit the same amount each week.tttIn fifty weeks:lcent club pays $ 12.752cent club paj's $ 25.505cent club pays $63.7510cent club pays $127.50You can put in $1.00 or $2.00 or $5.00 each week, andin 50 weeks have $50 or $100 or $250.WE ADD 3 PER CENT. INTEREST!You can start T0DAY-START.TRADE MARKPILE REMEDYis used both exxternally and internally. .Guaranteed to give relief frojnany form of piles or money refunded.Sold only by us, 50c and ?1.00.OBERDORFER,The Druggist, Paris, Ky.I "Cured" A jMrs. Jay McGee, of Steph- lam7d 'SF fON DECEMBER 1stThe business of Prichard & Ballwas taken over by .V 5Mrs. Jay McGee, of Stephenville, Texas, writes: "Fornine (9) years, I suffered withwomanly trouble. I had terrible headaches, and pains inmy back, etc. It seemed as ifi I would die, I suffered sq. Atlast, I decided to try Cardui,the woman's tonic, and ithelped me right away. Thefull treatment not only helpedme, but it cured me."TAKE$BALL.-CarduiI lis Woman's Tonic;iCardui helps women in timeof greatest need, because itcontains ingredients which actspecifically, yet gently, on theweakened womanly organs.So, if you feel discouraged,blue, out-of-sorts. unable todo your household work, onaccount of your condition, stopworrying and give Cardui atrial. It has helped thousandswho will conduct said business in thefuture. All parties knowing themselves indebted to the above firm willPlease Call and Settle!;'.:'mPRICHARB&BCorner Fourth and Pleasant StreetsAll.j Deposit, and Peoples Bank jof women, why not yoa?Try Cardui. E-Both Phones 66PARIS:-3kVN-A.m 1 1 1 hwiihiw h i-1 ! ti i i i h i i Cii w iQ mimiimm mi i i iIU ' &''tgKt)Wt&tm-,if-Ni riImmmitamtri ,lm-JBtm, aiMMiHWAGE FOURTHE BOURBON NEWS, PARIS, KT.VXUErOUAl, JJR11 UAlVl , j-jui. (" fTAKE NOTICE CANDIDATES.1 tM111' UETTER FROM THE BORDER.I ' Tfce. fallowing; letter from Serg't Earlrti, formerly of Paris, who is now'k the Mexican-Texan border, in the'xma National Guard service, mayrove interesting to our readers:i . January 8, 1917.AR NBWS:fl "I fcoinkt a tablet to-day, so I'll justiear off & fev lines. The news downkere continues to be of the same in -!w"u species as ot yore, to-wiioUiiRg. We have a new instructor,prho has been assigned to us from theregular army, and he is putting usus through a rather stiff course oitraining. But I rather like it, as he isa man who knows what he is doing.jjmL take a great deal of interest in, the1 results he obtains. I believe theMorale of the regiment has increaseda huadred per cent, since he has beenhere. His name is Captain Fields, andfce is from the Nineteenth Infantry."Mafar Gen. James Parker, who is infoianiand of the Brownsville district,fpaia us a visit io-aay, ana, ol course, iwe naa to no a lot ol maneuveringfor him. We also had to pass in reTiew before him under heavy marchingqutpaent. He seemed very wellpleased with the manner in which wearried out his orders."Our latest order from headquartersf the Southern Department seem toindicate that the conditions down hereare rather critical. They read in part,-'The men. of your comJnand, owing tothe imminence of an emergency on thej Iwrder, are to be kept in as good phys" ical condition as possible. Your jro-f gram to include, maneuvers, extendedi. under drills and forced marches.' 1i can't imagine what tihe crisis can be,f unless they expect to withdraw Per--shings Punitive Army irom Aiexicu,-which, may result in new Villa out-, rages on this side of the border."The rifnior around camp tnai e-owv n!nr tr "ho TmistArpri Ollt. the fil'StGi February is still alive, but I am(( looking- for it to die any minute."Will close fo this time with besth regards fo everybody.i .4 "TO.EARL CURTIS."TWO POPULAR BOURBON MEN. ANNOUNCE FOR ASSESSORWe call attention of our readers tothe announcement and card in thisJssue of THE NEWS of Mr. Geo. D.Speakes, of Paris, as candidate for thenftw of Assessor of Bourbon county,subject to the action of the DemocraticTOters of the city and county at uieprimary election to be held on August4, 1917. ,Mr. Speakes has for many years been, member of the Paris City Council, aprominent auctioneer, in which ca-paciiy ne nu e uil mu, -u -I UnowlF?fI0f i'1county property, and which has alsobrought him into close touch with thepeople of the county, with whom nehas an extensive acquaintance. Mr.Lee R. Cravens, who will be associatedon tie ticket with him as deputy, is au v fanmpr nf the Little Rock iTicinity, who has been in active touch I Sledd, of North Middletown, took placeIT with, the farming interests of the coun-at St. Peter's Episcopal church, in thisty since he was a bo3 and whoso I city at 4:30. o'clock yesterday afteril kuowledgeof land values in the coun- noon, in the presence of a large crowdI ty is second only to that of Mr.; of relatives and friends of tiie youngSpeakes Together ttiey will make an j people. The church was beautiful!f active canvass of the county in the , decprated by Uie ladies -of the AltarI coming campaign.i - UrTv,: . PARIS BOWLING LEAGUE. &rtJT , , Mr. Clay Sutherland rendered a num-'i I i- n-Au-. xiirti'e Tiirdnr'. - J ., .,.,..i ju ine ruiuuam MW-, ---r -nht thft Curtis Henry team opiu:t:uiJ. the R. P.Walsh -team, took the latter ihQ dmrcU the charming wonder m luture .ears iieiu iu bsafely homein a. sameby a majority ot z pins t'rWMect on the arm of -her father, "ie sons auu ""!"";" """w ,J Tv-eii nlaved r1116,0,1 ?lltnl Im SliizL l m '. k- the races, if they would cause manyuinb "u ....- i--. - -, ,. wi lnm liarran i;iiiiiiii i ncv ithroughout For the winners, -gu!were preceded down the aisle by then&de the high score of 170 in the rstflower gjriSf little Misses Ewalt, courgame, ?Shanlding earning second wit'i ins f the brideiect. At the altara score of 169 in the second. For the theV( were ,met by the groom, on thelosers, Hill rolled 190 m the third &rm' of his best mSLUt Mr Grahamgame, also taking over the second hou-. Youmjt of North Middletown. Theors by bowling 171 in the second game. party faced the altarf iere Rec.The next game in tihe series will be ( George H HarriSf rector ot St. Peter'splayed to-night at the Fordham Al- j cimrcilt m the impressive ceremonialleys between the It. P. Walsh and the marriage ceremony of the Episcopal-wiirrf ham Hotel teams. The score iol-, ,.,. ....--..--p,! tilpm Tlinn anlTlows:CURTIS HENDY & CO.1 23153167128105151Faulkner 125fthanklin 155Harper 151Tetli 170160169143121154Henry.146r Total "47 "47 713R. .P. WALSH.1Hfll .-.,. jjKenton. 2Ikiglecmn ...'. JJJHuffman J36TVrutefi .... ... .1117113713414211919015")I V:::!151ToUls '. c 625 693 768Curtis Henry Co. Totals 220iR. P. Walsh 20S(Curtis Henry Co. Majority. .121!K)STAL TELEGRAPH COMPANYGIVES SALARY INCREASE.Mr John R. McDermott, manager of j-the local office of the Postal Telegraph j-a n-hift On., received a letter yesterday frcjn Superintendent W. C. Daviet,at Louisville, notifying him Uiat thePotal Company had voted to grant allo it employes who had been in theirWvioe for a year or more an increaseof six per cent in salary, and that hissalary would be increased $50 per yearfcr the Agreement Mr. McDermott wasalso notified that the Paris office willm talcen out of. the Southern Divisionaad transferred to the Western Division, which will change the Divisionheadquarters from Louisville to India-iu Thft local office will be mov-' !& d aboit Feb. 1 to the room recentlyr seated by Rubs Corbin, adjoining theWecterm Union office, a four-year lease... hn rAcentlv concluded to thateffect The salajy increase v.JI1 jrfa February l. uenerai &uwMd prosperity Is given as the reasonfor the imorease.CIRTTE SMOKINGCfn:i may BE MADE CRIME.a iw der which tiie smoldng ofiftietM hi Cklahoma would makeTwTmSker t0 rrft1 iK to ZT0''tLJlW with that end lias beenr th HovM.ot RpraBtarMrlflJMMa IUJ. J-" mvmZrTwcmld make K lawful J offerfor fevr cUsrtttes.OnMATRIMONIAL.JOLLY GRAY.County Judge TJ. A. McMillan official -ed Thursday afternoon at the courthouse at the marriage of Miss Nettie tices Act, passed at tdie last session ofGray and Mr. Millard Jolly, both oE.e General Assembly, while devoted1 Fleming county, who came here Thurs-aay morning and secured a marriagelicense from County Clerk PearcePaton.FLEMING CROUCH.Rev. I. J. Spencer, pastor of the Central Christian church, in Lexington,officiated at the wedding at his homein Lexington, of Mr. Charles Crouch,of this county, and Miss DorothyFleming, of Fleniing county. Thewere accompanied by the bride's sister, Mrs. Kelley Hunt, Mrs. B. F. Wilson and Mrs. Jos. Fields.HOWE RUMP.Relatives in Paris have received invitations to the wedding of Miss EllenHowe and Mr. David Rump, which willtake place at the home of the bride'smother, Mrs. H. E. Perry, in Aamarilla, Texas, on Wednesday, January31. The bride-to-be is a daughter oftihe late Mr. Clarence Howe, of Carlisle, and a cousin of Mr. Julian Howe,of Paris, and a niece of Mr. SamueiHowe and Mr. Harry B. Chappel, ofCarlisle. Mr. Rump is a railroad man,the secretary to a leading official oi:the Sante Fe system.PEED OWENS.The marriage of Mr. Ross Owensand Miss Mary Peed, both well-knownand popular members of Maysvillesociety, will take place at the residence of Mr. adn Mrs. Albert Hinton,on High street, at 3:30 o'clock thisafternoon. Rev. J. W. Porter, of Lexington, will officiate, the ceremony being performed in the presence of onlythe immediate relatives of the youngcouple and a few intimate friends.After the ceremony, Mr. and Mrs. Hinton will tender the newly-weds a wedding supper, after which the bride andgiDom will leave for a honeymoon tripto New Orleans and other points in theSouth.The bride-elect is a sister of Mrs. Albert Hinton, of Paris, and a daughterof Mrs. Joseph D. Peed, of Maysville,formerly of Mayslick, and is a mostcharming and attractive young woman.The groom-to-be is a prominent youngbusiness man of Maysville, havingbeen connected with the firm of Hechinger & Co., clotjhiers, for severalyears. Both have a host of friends inMaysville and Paris. They securedlicense in Maysville and decided toparls d and Ifl 0 details of a society wedding.TALBOTT SLEDD.The marriage of Miss Marie Talboit.the handsome and attractive daughterof Mr. and Mrs. WilliamI Garrard Tal-bott, of the county, and Mr. Frank W..i - uiia .uie ?"urcnV.; .. .,. ,.-,.,..,ner oi vocai seiecuoua.rrtTfi.. of n,a i,A- i10 ur,a nor-,v.uiv, HvwUi.v. .-..-. ..- Ijwife. After receiving the congratuiations and best wishes of their menuand acquaintances Mr. and Mrs. Sleddleft for the home of the bride, wherethey were tendered a wedding supper.Mr. and Mrs. Sledd left for a Southern honejVnoon trip, and on their return will be at home to their friendsat the home of the groom, in NorthMiddletown.Mr. Sledd is the assistant cashier ofthe North Middletown Deposit Bank,and one of the best known young menin the county, who has been prominentin the social life of Paris. His brideis a gra.uuu.it; ut cuui uuu jui".&., ...Paris, and of the University of Kentucky, and is one of the most charmingwomen of the younger social set inthe county. near Little Rock, to Mr. Everett op-Mr. and Mrs. Sledd take witii them . kins, of Little Rock, for $1,500. Possthe hearty good wishes of a host of j session of this farm will be given atfriends who bade "An revoir" with , the same time.merry hearts, and with fervent wish ( Mr. James W. Whaley, of Paris, pur'that no cloud may ever come to mar f chased of the Stuart Bros., throughhii"Q hnhtnp!5 nf thpir matrianonial I the Paris Realtv Company, an unim-skies.B-4 TIREInsure withW.O. HINTON &SON,AgtsFIRE DESTROYS BARNAND TOBACCO CROP.Fire of unknown origin early Saturday morning destroyed the tobaccobarn, 2,500 pounds of tobacco, wagons,farming implements, etc., belonging pJohn Wilhoite, of near GeorgetownThe loss is only partly covered by insurance. Fire, wind and lightning insurance. Thomas, Woodford& Bryan.ROBT. E. LEE'S BIRTHDAY.The Richard Hawes Chapter, TJ. D.C, will observe the birthday of RobtE. Lee on Friday, Jan. 19, at 1:30 p.in., at4 their roofnin the court house.The principal features of the occasionwill be an address by Col. Henry M.George, of Pewee Valley. This willb followed by a social hour. AllOonfarate veterans and Daughterin tht owaty are inritd; also theHHtoIfe4rasr.:wiara, unuar& ot tne uon-. w IFor many years in Kentucky it hasbeen the custom for candidates to announce in advance the deputies whoaithey would appoint, if elected, in or-'der to obtain the votes which these! deputies would bring to the candidates cause. The new corrupt Prac-largely to checking the influence ofcorporations in elections, neverthelessincludes the promises of office andfavor as among the forbidden acts ofa candidate. The specific sectioiireads as follows:"It shall be unlawful for any person who is a candidate for nomination or election for any State, county,city, town, municipal or district officeto expend1, pay, promise loan, or become pecuniarly liable in any way formoney or other thing of value, eitherdirectly or indirectly, or to enter intocontract witii any corporation, association or person to vote for or supportany particular tiling or measure in consideration of the vote or support, moral or financial, of any corporation, association or person."The statute also makes it unlawfulfor any person to demand that anycandidate for office shall precise oragree in advance to support any individual, thing, or measure, in consideration for the vote or support, financialor moral, of such person, in any election or primary or nominating convention. While the wording of the section is not definite in prohibiting acandidate from promising to appoint asubordinate in return for the latter'ssupport, the debates n the House andSenate upon this feature of the billwere such as to indicate that it wasclearly the intent of the makers ofthe bill to place a definite bar to candidates obtaining political support bypromises of offices. Violation of thelaw is punishable by a fine not to exceed $5,000, and a candidate foundguilty of violating the law may forfeithis election and the person receivingthe next Qiighest number of votes bedeclared nominated or elected, as theCase may be.in view ol uiese raiuer piuiu piuvisions of the law it toight be a goodidea for candidates, before ' enteringinto mutual agreements with othercandidates, to consult their attorneys.Georgetown News.GOREY TELLS WHYHE SOLD TRANSVAAL.The following interview with Mr.Andrew J. Gorey in the Cincinnati Enquirer, tells why he sold the noted stallion, Transvaal, which was purchasedlast week by Robert Walden, of NewYork, for $10,000."While ?10,000 may seem to somepeople as a large price to pay for ohorse I think it is but about half whatthe horse is worth, as I predict withinthe next year or two Transvaal willbe the leading sire of North America,and the only excuse I can offer foselling him is he has become too valuable an animal for a person in mycircumstances to retain."Mr. Walden, the purchaser, has amagnificent stock fawn dt Middlesburg, Md., stocked with a band ofbrood mares the blood lines of whichhave no superior in America, and I feel7r what is Kentucky's loss will bein tlie transferorWalden to an experieneajall-round horseman, ngondh mined some of the fleetest horses onir:. ." ZZ- ..-, o,i t 0ii,,mshouldii tuie aiuwu tun, nvia heart Dang to the 'Hard-Boot' breeders who permitted Mr. Walden to remove this good horse from the 'BlueGrass State.' "PLAT OF FAIRGROUNDS BUILDING SITESThe plat of the Fair Grounds, onSouth Main street will be completedand ready for inspection about Janunrv is. and can be seen at the De-nosit &'PeoDles Bank. These grounds !will be cut into desirable and roomyacre tracts and are to be placed onsale at once.For further particulars call on theundersigned.WILDER, CAYWOOD & GOREY,(12-2t) Paris, Ky.REAL ESTATE DEALS.Mr. Lutiher C. Ogg, of Mt. Sterling,has sold to Mr. Ollie Kissick, of Bourbon county, his sixty-one acre farm,located near Sideview, at ?75 peracre. He will give possession aboutFebruary 1. Mr. Kissick recently soldhis farm containing fifty acres locatedproved tract of about thirty-sevenacres, located on the Ford's Mill pike,being a porUon of tiie old Wilcoxfarjn, for $4.6C5. as an investment.COUNTY SCHOOL SUPTS. 'IN FRANKFORT TO-DAV.One hundred and twenty-five CountyI Superintendent of Schools, and asmany other educators of the State,will "attend the State meeting of theCounty Superintendents EducationalAssociation at Frankfort to-day, for afive-day session Miss Mabel Robbins,County Superintendent of BourbonCounty Schools, will attend the meeting. Miss Robbins will lead the discussion of "High School Work inCounty High School" at the afternoonsession on Friday.HEMP BUYERS BUSY.Mr. H. B. Cox, of Garrard county,has been in Stanford and vicinity forscsne time in the interest of the firmof E. F. Spears & Sons, of Paris, inthe purchase of hemp and hemp seed.Mr. Cox has purchased in the past fewdays five hundred acres of the staplefrom Garrard county farmers, payingan average of about 13 cents for it.He bought about two hundred acregof hemp fropi the Rakins, of the Hub-j&ie section of the count y.t Mr. Cox'has so farbought up about 3,000 bush-lejs of hemp seed, which, is getting tobe a Tery scarce and Taluable article.)IdMrn I TIiQl( IIcdIoxb Miini ife CIEQMgf fill:w 0M lL JANtJARV 17' is, 19, 20 jjp J&fB3?'E3m! fm i) mm i mm, km me s :a MmSi f fmk1 GEa - BRIEN tfJluSlMtMNEW AUTO BUS LINE.The first trip of the newly-organizeJauto bus line from North Middletownto Lexington will be made to-day, ifthe huge snow drifts in the countyroads can be overcome. The bus willcarry passengers and light express.The line is to be routed via Austerlitz.Clintonville and Avon. At Austerlitzstop will be made at B. S. Parrish'sStore: at P.lintnnville the 5fnnriTplace wiU be D s Darnaby's store,and at Avon the stnn will h mnrl ntthe store of A. L. Gumm.The line isbeing operated by the North Middletown Transportation Company.FAMOUS SITE OF FAMOUSOLD HOTEL SOLD.The Arlington property at Blue LickSprings, the site of the famous Arlington Hotel, which was destroyed by fireabout twenty-five years ago, has beensold by James Wood, the owner, to C.C. Cole, of Carlisle. For many yeai'3this was one of the most famous summer resorts in the State and was visited by many of the leading citizensand public men of that day.MAY HEAR INAUGURALADDRESS OVER PHONE.Gatherings in all parts of the country may be able to listen to PresidentWilson's inaugural address on theiiiuimus u aiM o uy luiiB-uauiuw m h Adolph KllOpf (Bulletintelephone. The Washington maugura- i -An. .,,' , H ,tioncomtaitteo took uo with telephone 02 ' which may be procured on applicompanies the feasibility of such an!cation to the Director of tihe Unite!arrangement and it was pronounce.l States Geological Survey, Departmentquite possible. ' J of the Interior, Washington, D. C.ClearanceFURNITURE AND RUGS!20 Per Cent. Off Every Dollar, For CashBeginning To-day, and Lasting Thirty Days.A RARE OPPORTUNITY to purchase Furniture, Rugs, Cook Stoves andRanges at bargains never before heard of, considering the high advancein raw materials, workmanship and dye stuff which is used in all our Rugs.Our stock is very heavy at this season of the year, having purchased in December, before this advance, which gives the public the benefit and enables us to sellyou merchandise at a saving of 20 per cent. COME EARLY at the beginning ofthis sale and you will get a nice selection.The E. M. Wheeler Furniture Stor is known to back up his advertisementswith better furniture and better value for iess money than you can purchase elsewhere, considering quality; We will quote you a few prices, as we will not havespace to quote everything in the house.Bed Room Suite, quartered oak,was $150.00, now $11 9.00Mahogany Bed Room Suite, four poster, Chiffonier and Dressing Tableto match, was 145.00, now$1 1 6.00Imitation Quartered Oak Bed RoomSuite, was 40.00, now $32.00One long Davenport, Oak, ChaseLeather, was 25.00, now....$20.00One long Davenport, Quartered OakFront, was 30.00, now $24.00E. M.iRELIGIOUS.At a meeting of the Board of Trustees of the North Middletown Christian church, held in the church parlors,it was decided to ihave the churchbuilding piped for natural gas. Thenatural gas line running from Win-Chester to Paris will be tapped to supply fuel and light to the church.THE JUNEAU GOLD BELT.The large mining developments nearJuneau, Alaska, ihave attracted attention to the Northern extension of theJuneau gold belt. Though relativelylittle productive mining has yet -beendone in that area, some developmentsare under way. The region is heavilytimbered and therefore' difficult toprospect. In spite of the difficultiesdetailed topographic and geologic;maps of tUiis region have been mado.The maps are published, together witha description of the geology and mineral resources, in a report entitled"The Eagle River Region, SouthernOP-Davenette Parlor Suite, Davenette and TwoChairs to Match, in mahogany,was 45.00, now $36.00Also one Oak Davenette with two Chairsto match, was 77.00,now $61. 60One Oak Duofold Bed, was 40.00,now $32.009x12 Room Size Druggets, Brussells,$10.00, $1 5.00 and $20.00Axminster 9x12. .$25.00 and $30.00WHEELEREIGHTH AND MAIN STREETSmPOLICE COURT REPORT.The folio wine- renort. nf the hiis?ntti-rdone in Judge January's Court duringthe month of December, was submitted at the recent Council meeting bythat official:Amount of fines assessed, ?7.59;amount collected, $7.50; amount refunded, none; amount suspended,one; amount pardoned, $37.59:amount worked out, $31.00. In December only three cases were brought before Judge January for trial, and oalyone fine was assessed.Auction Saleol 25 Head o!NO. 1 JERSEY COWSAT MURPHY'S STOCK YARDSPARIS. KY.,Saturday, January 20th.AT'lO O'CLOCK A. M.All fresh with calves by side.This is an extra good lot, and ifyou are in the market attendthis sale.M. J. MURPHY & CO.Col. Geo. D. Speakes, Auct.Salex- h-vt -v3mtoVvTUESDAY, JANUARY 16, 1917.THE BOURBON NEWS, PARIS, KY.PAG FITk,iMfe.IrtiFSW i . WFOR THE BESTNOTHING ELSESOCIAL AND PERSONAL.Comings and Goings of OurPeople Here, There andElsewhere.Mrs. J. S. Elder is at home from aFOR QUICK SALE.visit to Mrs. E. V. Elder, in Richmond. IT UZ ' '-Rev. Frank Tinder, of ML Sterling, al ther hcfiewas a guest of friends in Paris re- Tne YouiFive-rocn residence; good locationMust be sold before Thursday, January 18. Best bargain in city.(It) PARIS REALTY CO.WEATHER PREDICTIONS.Taylor, Mr. Withers Davis, Mr. Wm.R.:Blaketnore, Mr. Douglas Clay, Mr.Jo. Davis, Jr.Mrs. Thos. McDonald has returnedfrom a visit to Mrs. W. H. Clay, inLexington.Mr. Thomas Owens, of Manchester, Ohio, is a guest of Misses Owens.on South Main street.oung Men's Dancing Clubgive a dance at Varden's Hall on Jan-Music furnished by John-Dr. and Mrs. Jack Casey have returned to their home in Danville, af-a visit to Mrs. Bettie Mcllvaine, atthe home of Mrs. Alice Ware, on Cypress street.centlvMr. i. D. McKenzie. of Paris, wns uray 25registered at tiie Frankfort Hotel, in son's Saxaphone Trio.Frankfort, Sunday.! Mrs. W. T. Buckner has returnedfrom: a visit to Mrs. J. H. Croxton, teri near wiiiuimsier.J Mrs. Henry Spears, of Paris, is aTiie weather prediction, for the week guest of her sister, Mrs. Edwin N.beginning Sunday, January 14, as sent Wickliffe, in Lexington. ! Mr Ewell Renaker of Paris wa-ut from the Louisville Station of the Mr. Elbridge Snapp came over host Sunday at a dinimr riven iV tCV5' thtf ,?ureau' is 2? ows: from Frankfort, and spent from Sun- Windsor Hotel, in honor of his (laugh-For Ohio Valley and Tennessee- day to Monday with, relatives. ters, Mrs. C. B Strother and Mrs Rifeold and fair first half of week; latter Mr. and Mrs. John Wilder have Hodgkin Mr C B Strother Mr' Rifofcalf unsettled and warmer, with prob- returned from a visit to Mr. and Mra. Hodgkin', their ' children of' Winchesably snow and rain. Henry Rippetoe, in Lexington. ter, and Mr. and Mrs. J. T. Earle, ofMrs. Edward Wallace, of Ver- LatoniaSTORE TO CLOSE AT 5 O'CLOCK. saiUes, is a guest at the home of Mi.;Jn. Ford Brent, on Pleasant street. I Mrs. J. Miller Ward was hostessDuring the months of January and Ir- a"d Mrs. E. B. Glasscock, of to the members of her bridge club atFebruary our store will close every Lawrenceburg, were guests of friends The Sweet Shop Saturday afternoon,evening at 5 o'clock execept Satur- and relatives in Paris and Bourbon A delicious luncheon was served at the4.3ljs. This is to let our clerks have county, several days last week. j conclusion of the games to the foi-this hour off during the winter months. I Miss Carolyn Erdman has return- lowing guests: Mesdames Albert HinLet us have your orders before 5 p. m. ed to Qier une in Lexington, after a. ton, Arthur Hancock, Thompson Tarr.SIMON DEPARTMENT STORE.(16-2t). isit of several weeks to Mr. and Mrs.Duncan Bell, and Miss Raqhel Wig-Charles A. Webber, near Paris. gins. They were joined' at the lunch-j Miss Mary Kenney Webber, of eon by Messrs. Jos. M. Hall, Arthur'near Paris, was the guest of Miss Eii- Hancock and J. Miller Ward.izabeth Erdman, for the Pan-Hellenic I The Lexington Leader of Sunday,dance in Lexington, Friday evening, j in its Notes of tihe Traveling Men,"Mrs. William Goodman, of Lex- has the following: "Mr. Henry Power,ington, and Mr. Robert Collins, of (president of the Power Grocery Co., atChicago, were guests of Mr. Ben Buck- , Paris, has left the SL Joseph's Hosner for a six-o'clock dinner Saturday, pital, and returned to his home inat his home near Paris. J Paris, fully recovered from the seriousl' Frs. Fred Woods, and Mr. Woods, of -hospital for so long. His many friendsytXrrwXh Middletown, O., arrived last night from are certainly glad to see him wellS8-J J-S-.difile2!S Middletown, where Mrs. Woods has? again, and they certainly wish himWoods stood continued good health."Mrs. James H. Thompson was hostess Friday afternoon at her home onthe Lexington pike, near Paris, with abridge party, in honor of iher nieces,Mrs. William Clarke, of Cincinnati,and Miss Dorcas Ussery, of Paris.The games were played in the sunparlor, and at their conclusion aluncheon was served the followingguests: Mesilaones William Clarke,Ray Taylor, William Kenney Ferguson,Wade H. Whitley, Virgil Gaitskill,Powell Bosworth, Jos. Hall, EdwardPrichard. John Davis, Katherine DavisPUBLIC SPEAKING.Hon. Reuben Hutchcraft, of Paris,Representative in the Kentucky Legislature from Bourbon county, and Secretary of the State Tax Commission,delivered an address to the tax-pay er3of Jessamine county, at Nicholasville,them the sailent features of the pro' been seriously ill. Mrsi the trip very well.j Mrs. Thomas Helm Clay has beentvery ill for several days at her home, . . . . .. T- , ' on Eighth street. Her daughter, Mrs.An early bond issue for the Ken-, Jh T Collins, -of North Middletownlucky Traction & Terminal Company ljag ,)een at Qier bedside snce tne b(J.to nnance me auaiuonai wubioij ui ginning of Mrs. Clay's illnessthe company, was considered in Nev,b , Mrc T,5nrf1 oKY.TRACTION & TERMINAL CO.TO HAVE BOND ISSUE.York last week at a directors' meetingIt was estimated recently that theionipany's expenditures for the coming$PyWr in betterment would approximateMJiis 'amount.Mr. and Mrs. Richard S. Darnabyentertained recently with a dining attheir hcme in Clintonville in honor ofMrs. Darnaby's sister, Mrs. CharlesRamsey, and Mr. Ramsey, of Winchester, who were recently married. TheI guests for the occasion were Mr. andiMrs. Charles Ramsey, Mr. and Mrs.George W. Dawson, Mr. and Mrs. Var-FARM. den Shipp, Miss Maude Parrish and, Mr. Ansel Darnaby.Mr. M. Clay Cleveland, of Harrison1 Mr. and Mrs. J. W. Young wereounty, will move to Bourbon county host and hostess at a dining and carasabout March. 1, to tlie Earl Ashbrook Saturday evening at their home nearFarm of 128 acres, which, he recently Paris to Miss Marie Talbott and Mi.purchased from Mr. Clay Long at a Frank W. Sledd, whose marriage tooKprice in the neighborhood of ?209 place yesterday at St. Peter's Episco-an acre. Mr. Cleveland sold his farm pal church in Paris. Those presentof 140 "acres on the Falmouth pike, were Misses Marie Talbott, MildredH.ro miips fiom Cvnthiana. Thursday. Lisle. Nell Crutcher, Ellen Towles.HARRISON COUNTY MANWILL TAKE BOURBONFrances Clay; Messrs. Frank Sledd,William Collins, Graham Young, RobtJones, Bennett Bean and Mr. and Mr3.J. W. Jones.Mrs. Cassius M. Clay was hostessrecently at a dining at her home nearTaris, in honor of Mrs. William McDowell Oldham, of Lexington, Mrs.e George Gay Prewitt, of Clark county.V. O. Gilbert, Superintendent oi and Mrs Henry Hall and her siste:.Public Instruction, is sending the Janu- Mrs Lucv Arnold, of Winchester.arv installment due the teachers to the Th , ome was beautifully decorate 1school superintendents for distnbu- - jlonor 0f tlie guests, who were all ition. . eirlhood friends of Mrsto Mr. Graves Carroll for $115 an acre.Geo. D. Speakes, of Paris, and E. E.Yanhook, of Cyntihiana, were the auctioneers. SCHOOL TEACHERS TO RECEIVECHECKS FOR JANUARY-SALARIES.Craig, Robert Ferguson James Ferguson, Misses Nancy Griffith, ElizabethSteele, Mary Fithian Hutchcraft, Elizabeth Brown and Martha FergusonTwo prizes were awarded. The gue3tprize, a beautiful camoise, awarded toMrs. Clarke, and the highest scoreprize, a pair of silk hose, to Mrs. Wm.Kenney Ferguson.(Other Personals on Page 3.)NEW MACHINE.A Cincinnati party has delivered tcMr. B. S. Parker a beautiful o-passen-gerHub touring car in the latesmodel.FOR ASSESSOR.Because of the failure of some of the tl were residents of Madison councounty school superintendents to prop- ty After the dinner the guests motorerlv make and file bonds. Superintend- eQ tQ Winchester, where Mrs. Oldhament Gilbert was forced to hold up entertained them at the hcjne of her-checks in about thirty counties until sistei Mrs Prewitt.the bonds are jmade and accepted by , The pan Hellenic dance given ift .the departmenL llie l)a1 room 0f the Phoenix Hotel, a.,- oa. i TCiM Lexington, by the fraternities cf fciiPARIS BASKET BALL TEAM university of Kentucky, was one ofDEFEATS MAYSVILE TEAM. q the enjoyable afTairs of lhn(T 77 n, rt10 Priq social season. The dance is an annual iThe basket ball team of the Pans fraternities of the Unitj:v chnni fifoiiPd the team trom "-'V;. , . , ... .A ,,1 rn,,im&L uuu. v.fcw-- "f , tl,0 MmP versities, ana is largely uuumcu. xnothe Maysville High School in the game Jng vere beautifully finishedat the Y. M. C. A. o Saturday' njsht b i fa . blue Md wW edged withths score of 39 to 18. A gafne between " f,tirnitv letters!.. mric-' tanmc furnished an interest- & , n.. rruc rn..-,11IC fell" .c ----We are authorized to announce Mr.George D. Speakes, of Paris, as a candidate for tlie Democratic nominationfor the office of Assessor of BourbonCounty, with Mr. Lee R. Craven, ofthe Little Rock precinct, as DeputyClav when ' Assessor, subject to the action of tlieuemocrauc party ul me primary election to be held on Saturday, August 4,1917. They respectfully ask your support.Those froming preliminary toRoth the P. H. S. - 1 ., V.,rv AmrnrDnm rAnc? w uii i iif iiii-tne mam even.,. - ntton(i0(i wprA ATissPs Maria-A AT TT Q pjimS XU.UO 11V .i.v-v.- "f. n. o. cim M. . .-. r Couingt Elizabeth Brown. Katnennjgood scrappy game, but uie Wilson, Mary Kenney Web-mere asi Jb '" .despite Uie disagreeable weather.rnit 11T nP. H. S. clearly outciasseu ucihh . Carolvn Roseberry.nantc in flnnr work and goal iob&m&. , ,.. ,...T" ; na !n attendance Mrs. Jos. M. Hairs guests at a nv-inerewasaiiiibcw- -- ....., ,i i?,i0 norfviViwn at.The Sweet Shop recently were Misses! tt vKfinKnfVi Cfoalor piili nnrpnc iisserv. iiiiiauctii jt;w.D.OFCJvittiu Katherine Marsh, Martha Ferguson," n,, a i o,- nnnivprsarv of General Elizabeth Brown, Mary Allen HutchlhibSUVdaH hP celebarted in craft, Louise Steele, Matilda James,rtnitHiL r-j. xc -19 5i ?k 13L.. n MOn,hPrs of Anna Wilson, Carolyn Koseoerr, xsan-this cit' tXMiaj, ".L"c ters 0f cv Griffith, Hattie Hill O'Neill, PatsyRichard Hawes Chapter. Daugh ters o g u Mesdames Jolm Davis, Kaththe Confederacy, at their rooms in t ua , Tavlor. Ed-..m, v-w.x t .j r nrnsrani rkniiftcourt house An 'Vature of ward Prichard, Powell BosworUi, Jaawill be presented, the cmei ie Ferguson and Wm. Clarke. MissT.hich will be an address b Col. Henr e t aGeorge. Commandant o .Uie Confeoer wwaoetirTWiS Dorcas Ussery was awarded the pr!.?te the father of Irs-H NV"a brillian' in the five hundred game, a cut glassGiffith, of near an taiowl- perfume bottle. A delicious luncheoaeaker. and from an mtim pS row X? nresUns sidelights on The cky party" given in theW Z nl character of the lamented rhoenix Hotel, at Lexington, by Mr.S?e of the CoSedlrate armies. ! Charlton Clay, of Paris, and Mr. Ed-ctiiet ot ine ward Stoll, of Lexington, in honor ol...r- -t-i n vnUSO 'Miss Martha Tipton, of Lexington, an IWE TOLD YOU SO. -i . B1zabettl French, ofmother blizzard Kew York, was one of the most enjoy-nf natural gas. able events ol uiu beuauu.plf3for this genuineVictor-VictrolaPennine9Don't get caught inThe "tackywithout tiie comiorts ol wonthr ,,, wns carried out perfectly in allThere's going to be more w fiopnratinns. costumes and otherafter this spell d Jon u t0 detailSf and the guests all entered ful-Yes sir, aYictor-Yictrola for 15.Hardlv seems possible,and yet this new instrument embraces all thef u ndamcntal VictorYictrola principles. iAnd the unequalcdYictor-Yictrola tonethat's the most importantthing of all.Come in today andhear it no obligationon your part, but youwon't want to do withoutmore, we meu w h--- . thn . . t thft SDirit of tue occasion. ineby the loreio ""- ' wos hH,liflIltlv lighted, and tliegoing was good. T'lese coi festooned witili large signsnothing is neeuea uui ,,DflrinP such mottoes as "Don't Shoot:take time?eae" ""-i ooal. too. hearing such mottoes as "Don't snoot.have gas. it's eapci --- .Watch Your Step!" "Free Lunch InMake up jowuu--- Inc ,PAKIS ua& cc jAin,t Seeil! etcside!" "Don't(lG-2t)Ask For Nutlnn' YouA buffet supper olimm and cheese sandwicnes, .potatolad. frankfurters, le;Tnonade,and champagne punchwascakeserved.tMiiKir:K. OF P. HOMt-w"'"""a of i recent Tn hosts were assisted in receivingThe coatmittee pointed at a recent Tflie hos Mrameeting of Rjthbone Jg J for : y coieman, and Mrs. Arthur yan-K. of P., of Pa"f' J;? from February Cock, of Paris. . 'Home-Coming Week from ire . frQm paris were Mr ani19th to 24th, will make "ursflay Mrs stanhope Wiedemann, Miss Carolodge at its meeting Jf ngab fynS'lS,seberry, Mrs. Katherine DavisnicSiL All members are urge , Elizabeth Steele, Miss Eli-one.Other styles $25 toVictors S10 to $100.terms if desired.'ruy$0$300.Easy4Craig, Miss Elizabeth5vpresent QO T-xington, zabeUi Brown, Miss Matilda jame,The PyUiian Home nearly ngto f1 wisgins, Miss Marthavhicn lias been under quaranmie Ferguson, Miss Margaret Fergusonbefore Christmas, 18 p!f Sw days. Mr. and Mrs. Oscar T. Hinton, Mr. andits bill of health STwarlet Mrs. William Kenney Ferguson, MrThere have ben si ? ZZ.a o -a ArT- Arthur Hancock, Mr. andfever at the iKie, but mvi Hv . MnlRP Ward. Miss Kate Alexan-,the coataio vft 2i th chii- der Mia Mayme Holladay, Miss Bess,ro)npt ioteiic, d itt . SSjiy; His Mary Fithian Hutchiren. vo wre m are y coa w Ferguson, Mr. WmeatFRANK 5c CO..ANNOUNCINGRemnantSaleANDClearanceSaleNow Going OnHUNDREDS OF REMNANTS saved just for thisSale will be offered at prices that will prove most interesting in view of the continued advance of all materials.Clearance Sale gf All Odd PiecesOFSILKS, DRESS GOODS,WASH and WHITE GOODSCURTAINSIn Pair and Two-Pair Lots, to Close Out.MUSLIN UNDERWEARSlightly Soiled and Mussed.Final Cut in Prices of All :SUITS, DRESSES and COATSThese are Bargain Days, and wise buyers will do wellto visit our store early.PRANK & COMPANY-The J. T. Hinton CoTAKE-ADVANTAGEOF THEBIG BARGAINSWe Are ShowingIN OUR WINDOWSYou Can Get Them JuitOnce a Year.THE J. T. HINTON CO.MOTOR HEARSEMOTOR INVALID COACH"EITHERPHONE" 36SIXTH AND MAIN STS.i43ie1 r.?!VUNDERTAKINGi-THE. BOURBON NEWS, PARIS, KY.TUESDAY, JANUARY If, UIT. ,;ftJK BmBmFfm'F Mk Ifli IT ; KM BkfJ FF (ttTHE TOBACCO MTDKETS.r t ELK MK &itMiWML&&V'WFa1 1 17.!inI;Itjt$.&MftI .fj!ryour nervous system is shattered; your strength is wasted:,your digestion weakened, your blood impoverished.is the rich tonic-food to nourish your nerve-centers, repairthe wasted tissue, improve your blood-power,sharpen your appetite and gradually re-establishyour strength.Get SCOTT'S for yourself, or remind some ailingfriend that SCOTT'S has proven these words forthousands of others. Look for this Trade-Mark.Scott & Bowne. Bloomfleld. N. J.FODMER BOURBON MANEXECUTOR OF BIG ESTATEMT. STERLING, KY.f Jan. 15. Thewill of Mrs.Mary Bigstaff, disposingf a $300,000 estate, was probatedkere last week. The estate is diTided. equally between four children:Mrs. Hanley Ragan, of Louisville;Mrs. T. B. Hill, of Virginia; T. J. and. S. Bigstaff, and granddaughtei ,Mrs. Marvin Gay, of MontgomeryCounty.The children also receive 860 acresf land between them, which Mrs.Bigstaff, inherited from her father,Attorney R. G. Kern, formerly of Bourteon, was named as executor of thewill.iFive llliousand dollars each was left ithree grandchildren, James and Alexin Bigstaff, and Miss Margaret Ragan, of Louisville.DANVILLE LIGHT COMPANYSUED FOR HOTEL FIREA $55,000 damage suit against thoDanville Electric Light Company forlosses sustained when the Gilcher hotelwas burned three years ago was takenup in the Circuit Court at Danville.Moore Brothers, who operated thehotel, I Lovitch, whose store was destroyed and T. O. Miller, who also losthis store are the plaintiffs, contendingthat the building was ignited by theelectric wires. The company deniesthis allegation, but declares that eveni the fire did start in this way that ithad nothing to do with wiring andmaintaining the wires in the Gilcherhotel, but merely furnished electricityto the establishment over the wiresthat had been installed by the hotelowners.Fowls should have free access togrit, oyster shell and good water.List of Subscribers' Phones InstalledSince Dec. 1, 1916. by the Cumberland Telephone Co.1017 A'Hern & Burton, restaurant, Tenth and Pleasant Streets.975 Allen, John, residence, Watson Street,167-R Ardery, Ben B., residence, Brentsville Pike !"SS2 Argo, W. C, residence, Bourbon College .'.. . ',163 Biddle, Robt., residence, Jackstown Pike959 Blackerby, C. L., residence, Boone and) High StreetsISO Bridges, H. M., residence, Main Street943 Brown, J. W., residence, Nineteenth Street112 Burton, F. M., residence, Seventh Street389 Balrd, Mrs. C. Watson, Millinery Store965 Carroll, T. C, residence, Main Street785 Collins, Harry, residence, Houston Avenue967 Crosdale, G. H., residence, Main Street300 Cumb. Tel. & Tel. Co., Operators' Rest Room709 Curtis, Mrs. Henry C, residence, Nineteenth Street"35 Curtis & Snapp, Barber Shop, Main StreetS63 Delaney, America, residence, 518 Patton Street537 Deering, W. R., residence, Shakespeare Pike1058 Duffey,Miss Luna, residence, Link Avenue73 Franklin, W. R., residence, Henderson Street310 Frtfman, W. D., residence, East Paris941 Griffith, Mrs. W. R., residence, Pleasant Street211 Griffith, Miss Nancy and Sister, Mrs. Powell Bosworth, residenceJacksonville Pike30 Grimes, Miss Lizzie, residence, Duncan Avenue72 Hall, Jos. M., residence, Duncan Avenue32-R Jacoby, M. R., General Store, Hutchison, Ky.S49 Kilkenny, M. S., residence, Sixteenth Street641-X Mclntyre, Perry, residence, Hume and Bedford Pike'973 Megee, Miss Annie, residence, Seventh Street983 McMillan, Dr. R. R., residence, Houston Avenue. 958 Myall, Mrs. Lizzie, residence, Main Street971 Ramey, Mrs. Nellie, residence, East Paris794 Rankin, Mrs. Anna, residence, Scott Avenue482 Redmon, L. D., residence, Cypress Street746 Roberts, Harold, residence, Clintonville Pike $:947 Roberts, Eugene, residence, Soutih High Street.642 Scanland, Ben, residence, Pleasant Street972 Shankiin, Earl, residence, South Pleasant Street312 Snapp, Martin, residence, East Paris1,957 Stamper, G. D., residence, Nineteenth Street942 Stamper, E. K., residence, Clifton Avenue501-W Thompson, W. A., residence, Spears Mill Pike. f259-W Watson, Canie, residence, Lexington Pike '' 538 Webb, J. N., residence, Fords' Mill Pike313 Welch, W. L., residence, Ruddles Mills Pike820 Welch, W. L., residence, Second and Main Street781 Whitridge, Mrs. Sallie. residence, Mt. Airy Avenue990 Wilcox, J. Ward, residence, Cypress Street977 Wilson, Mary Duffey, residence, Lamb StreetCumberland Telephone & Telegraph Co.Continued from Page-1.)INDEPENDENT FRIDAY, JAN. 12The Independent Tobacco Warehouse held an excellent sale at theirhouse on South Main Street, Friday. The sales aggregated 74,045pounds, bringing $15,298.54, an average of $20.64 per hundred pounds.The official report for the dav wasas follows: All records were brokenu,p to date, both as to house record,20.64 per -hundred pounds, and basketrecord, ?52 per hundred pounds. Cropsales from 12.92 to 26.37 per hundred pounds.The following crop averages weremade during the day:Leach & Doyle sold a 15-acre cropof 22,765 pounds for 5,079.49, an average of 22.31 per hundred) pounds.Esdell Clark sold 1,970 .pounds for461.23, average 23.41.Plumbier, McClure & Vimont sold2,075 pounds for 489.66, average23.59.Young & Robinson sold 2,630 poundsfor 693.56, average 26.37.Connell Bros, sold 1,520 pounds for322.47, average 21.21.Haley & Johnson sold 1,985 poundsfor 360.76, average 18.17.Thomas & Faulconer sold 4,085pounds for 891.18, average 21.91.Thomas & Faulconer sold 3,555pounds for 680.58, average 19.14.Harry B. Clay sold 4,035 pounds for830.40, average 20.57.R. G. Young sold 2,885 pounds for527.47, average 18.28.Kriegel & Patterson sold 1,620pounds for 311.81, average 19.24.Geo. Leeds sold 3,380 pounds for590.72, average 17.79.Jordan & Patterson sold 490 poundsfor 65.14, average 13.29.Young & Bradburn sold 4,175 poundsfor 714.84, average 17.09.Thofnason & Hinkston sold 3,790pounds for 967.21, average 25.52.Sudduth & Lewis sold 1,390 poundsfor 179.64, average 12.92.Wheat & Ilutcihcraft sold 2,440pounds for 481.53, average 19.73.Frank Smith sold 1,770 pounds for304.25, average 17.19.Parrisli & Munson sold 2,190 poundsfor 416.13, average 18.96.Young, Taul & Gillispie sold 2,265pounds for 399.S7, average 17.65.Womall & Robinson sold 2,95pounds for 522.20, average 17.43.Don't Rub It OnBruises or Sore MusclesO loan s Liniment quickly pene-S trates and soothes 'withoutrubbing. Cleaner than mussyplasters or ointments, does notstain the skin.Have a bottle handy for emergency,rheumatic aches and pains, neuralgia, lumbago, gout, strains, sprains and lame back,yield to Sloan's Liniment.At all druggists, 25c. 50c. and $1.00.SrfT7Mfl i r'"TT"ANOTHER "MYSTERY!"- iNEW YORK, Jan. 15. The 80-acreplant of the Canadian Car and Foundery Company, one half mile east ofKingstown, N. J., in which were storedhundreds of thousands of three-inchshells destined for the Russian Government, was destroyed late TJmrsday by fire amid a series of explosions,which continued for three hours.So far as could be learned no onewas killed or injured, although it wassaid 17 of the 1,400 workmen weremissing. No estimate or the loss byfire and bursting of shells was obtainable, but it was said it might reach$4,000,000.i 4-!! l..i4..4..i..i..i..ii.i..l..i..i..l..l.li4I"I"I"I"l"l"I,4'l"C"H' 'M1 H"HlH"i'I AUTOMOmS HEARSE OR AMBULANCET I desire to anr..- ,Zf" to our friends that I can, where desired,furnish an auto' ic-cire hearto or ambulance. This method of rtransportation ij especially desired on long trips, the same be- Jing made in better time, and at no advance in cost over thehorse-drawn conveyance. ,GEO. W. DAVIS. Fusieval Director.-7 Tee & sefc6Bourbon LaundryDWIS & FUNK, Props.Telephone No. 4.West 5 Street'-,r..i - ' l!Satisfaction is OurWatchwordWith all the latest improvements in laundryappliances and experthelpers we are preparedto do work inferior tonone, and solicit yourpatronage.BOUDBON FRIDAY, JAN. 12.The Bourbon Tobacco WarehouseCompany held two sales Friday atheir houses on South Main street.The sale proved most satisfactory lothe growers, and while sotne fine tobacc was in evidence, the bulk of theofferings was of a medium grade.The official report for the two housesfollows :The Bourbon Tobacco Warehousesold 55,065 pounds for $10,278.79, averaging $19.02.The Paris House sold 44.715 pound?,for $8,255.89, averaging $1S.46.The features of the sale was one basket from the crop of Joe Perm. Redmon, which sold for $554 per hundredpounds; one basket from the crop ofD. H. Butler sold for $55 per hundredpounds, and a basket from the crop ofGeorge K. Jones, which brought $51per hundred pounds.Some of the averages are as follows:Buckner & Howard sold 3,565 poundjfor $679.84, average $18.53.Clarke & Hall s-old 1,340 pounds for$228.02, average $17.01.J. P. Redmon sold 5,720 pounds for$1,300.59, average $22.73.Roland & Butler sold 2,245 poundstor $430.28, average $19.16.Caldwell & Taylor sold 2,825 poundsfor $616.11, average $21.77.D. H. Butler sold 2,710 pounds for$503.76, average $18.55.J. H. Martin & Son sold 725 poundsfor $130.40, average $17.98.A. B. Martin sold 290 pounds fOi$58.21, average $20.06.Buckner & Rankin sold 3,980 poundsfor $716.32, average $17.99.May & Stockdale sold 2,570 .poundsfor $495.23, average $19.26.Jones & Mason sold 1,610 pounds for$368.19, average $22.86.Collins & Hill sold 2,080 pounds for$442.89, average $21.39.Talbott & Eldndge sold l,01o poundsfor $197.51, average $9.45.Sexton & Burris sold 2,840 pound3for $581.09, average $20.46.Thompson & Morgan sold 4,950pounds for $988.76, average $19.97.Ferguson & Maher Bros, sold 3,960pounds for $759.66, average $19.18.Walls & Reed sold 3,036 pounds for$528, average $17.29.Ferguson & Williams sold 6,995pounds for $1,265.18, average $18.09.Herrington & Carr sold 8,760 poundsfor $1,740.84, average $19.87.J. H. Klump sold 2,105 pounds for$407.12, average $19.34.John N. Shropshire sold 2,580 poundsfor $461.55, average $17.81.'NO INDIGESTION, GASOR STOMACH MISERYIN FIVE MINUTES'Pape's Diapepsin" For Sour, AcidStomach, Heartburn, Dyspepsia.Time it! In five jninutes all stomach distress will go. No indigestion,heartburn, sourness or belching ofgas, acid, or eructations of undigestedfood, no dizziness, bloating, foul breathor headache.Pape's Diapepsin is noted for ilsspeed in regulating upset stomachs.It is the surest, quickest and mostcertain iiuligestion remedy in thewhole world, and besides it is harmless.Millions of men and women now eattheir favorite foods without fear theyknow Pape's Diapepsin will save then,from any stomach misery.Please, for your sake, get a largefifty-cent case of Pape's Diapepsinfrom any drug store and put yourstomach right. Don't keep on beingmiserable life is too short you arenot here long, so make your stayagreeable. Eat what you like and digest it; enjoy it, without dread ot rebellion in the stomach.i Pape's Diapepsin belongs in yourhome anyway. Should one of tho jfamily eat something which don't agreefwith thcim, or in case of an attack ofindigestion, dyspepsia, gastritis orstomacili derangement at daytime or"during the night, it is handy to givethe quickest, surest relief known.(adv)HOW TO CHECK THAT COLD.RUB RHEUMATISM PAINRIGHT OUT TRY IT!Don't Suffer! Instantly Relieve Aching Muscles, Nerves and JointsWH;h "St. Jacob's Oil."Bourbon Laundry,Paris Kentucky.:What's rheumatism? Pain "only!Stop drugging! Not one case infifty requires internal treatment. Rubthe misery right away! Apply soothing, penetrating "St. Jacob's Oil" directly upon the "tender spot" and relief coanes instantly. "St. Jacob's Oil"is a harmless rheumatism and sciaticarelief which never disappoints and caanot burn or discolor the skin.Lfiiber up! Get a small trial bottlefrom your druggist, and in just a moment you'll be free from rheumatic andsciatica pain, soreness, stiffness andswelling. Don't suffer! "St Jacob'sOil" has relieved millions of rheumatism sufferers in the last half century,and is just as good for sciatica, neuralgia, lumbago, backache, sprains an.dswellings. (adv)When it is painful to breath andfever sends chills up and down yourback, you are in for a cold. A timelydose -of Dr. Bell's Pine Tar Honey willstop the sneezes and sniffles. The ,pinebalsam loosens the phlegm and clearsthe bronchial tubes, the honey soothesand relieves the sore throat. The antiseptic qualities kill the germ and thecongested condition is relieved. Croup,whooping cough and chronic bronchialaffections quickly relieved. At allDruggists, 25c.You Don't HaveTo StoopIf You Use aGARLANDCabinet Rangemm saleTHIS MONTH ONHEATING AND COOK STOVESAND RANGESTryTradinoHiUsendHavetheDiffereocesh) Litl,eylte. EachJlllglSlI WeekTfci-hpiAK rcuw" iu3"tn! WillBSiSja boonm Pay1 For One) Of Ourjjrif! Heatersk CookJsSxmmM stovesjj Ranges !uhe jfeot 33last jfeeaterthat saves your coal bill, with a bisreduction in price -for the month ofJanuary. These heaters will last foryears, so buy now while the prices areso low. ,A. F. Wheeler C& Co.CHAS" GREEN, Mgr. 0pp. Court House.Cvvin Bros. Department StoreSeventh and main St$.Paris, KentuckyGREAT REDUCTIALUOn Ladies andChildren'sSuits9 Cloaks,Skirts,Waists, Etc.Twin Bros, Dep't Store'fllHffffPractically no injury to alfalfa fromsutiiner heat has been recorded in drytjlimatee; but high, temperatures combined with much mositufelh the atmosphere are go injurious- that it i3difficult to grow 'the crop successfullyunder these conditions.A beautiful line of Garlands on dieplay. Come In and look them over.ParisGas & Electric Co.Service First!The City has added a new Fire Truckto its equipment to provide adequate andefficient protection to you.The County has built modern roads fftvour convenience, safety and comfort andtor provide an efficient means of travel andtransportation.The Home TelephoneCompany has added a new Truck toits equipment, which, with its other twowill provide an efficient means of caring f orthe plant which furnishes modern telephone service.Have you a HOME PHONE? Join themodern procession. Call contract department now.Paris Home Telephone a Telegraph Oo.(Incorporated)J. J. VEATCH, District Manager.W.H. CANNON, THOMAS K- SMITH.liiVimjJinum. jtuaungBi.CMer. Ir i.' l9t--,-A, r'Jf- wJf3S iITUESDAY, JANUARY 16, 1917.THE BOURBON" NEWS, PARIS. KYPAGE SEVENluh1,ai1Nervy Steeplejack Wears MerryI v "Tanlac Smile" at Work In GoudsFOUR MILLION GERMANLIVES WAR SACRIFICE.Beams on Dizzy Crowd FromSkyscraper Flagpole.CREDITS TONIC FOR -HEALTHv4 Wk ft"TANLAC 11 ,v-x 'PUT ME Mj UP HERE," jfjSAYS , jlSTEEPLE- ii 'JACKWILLIAMS. jj"IT GIVES I rME STEADY ,NERVES !; $ JAND -J . j.U 'PERFECT I :HEALTH." : li -l"v?v " if :, ? ' $ .' $ 'LONDON, Jan. 15. The total German casualties since the beginning o?the war were placed at 4,010,160 in anofficial summary issued by the British Government reads:"A summary of the German casualties reported in official German casualty lists published during Decembergives a total of 88,291, whidh. added tothose previously reported, brings thetotal German casualties to 4,010,160."The naval and colonial casualtiesare excluded."r!EDW. BURKE, President.H. S. CAYWOOD, Vlce-Pre.JNO. T. COLLINS, ManagerDirectorsPAINFUL COUGHS RELIEVED.Edgar Williams, With Nerves LikeSteel, Declares That If It Wasn't ForTanlac He'd Not Be Able to Go AboutHis Hazardous Task With the Ease'and Composure He Now Enjoys.Wat Hi Kdirar Williams, steeplejack,perched on a slim flagpole atop a hugeskyscraper, far above the bustlingtrreet thrones.There is a glint of diamonl clearness in his jnize; every move he makesIs swift, sure, unfaltering. His manner is as unconcerned as that of aman painting n sidewalk save that healways wears a cheery, rippling siuile.Smile of Perfect Health.It's the "Tanlac smile," the sameFmile that thousands of people are now.earning daily, after months and yearsworries from frayed-out nerves,rained digestion and thinned red blood.Dr. King's New Discovery is a soothing, healing remedy for coughs andcolds that has stood the test of nearlyfifty years. For that cough that strainsthe tbxoL. .-.d saps the vitality, tryDr. King's vt&v? Discovery. The soothing pine &t!-.s.ms -and mild laxative ingredients 15COH drive the cold from thesystem. Have a bottle on hand forwinter colds, croup, grippe and bronchial affections. At,your Druggist, 50c.(adv-jan)WHAT THE ENTENTEALLIESWANT.These demands are made in theAllies' reply to President Wilson'snote to belligerents:Evacuation of all invaded territorheld by Germany.Retirement of Turkish Empire fromEurope.Reparation for invaded territories ofFrance, Rumania, Russia, Belgium,Montenegro and Serbia.Liberation of Rumanians and Slavesfrom outside control.Full liberty and security of all nations, especially mailer ones. vRestoration of Alsace-Lorraine toFrance.Restoration of Italian Tyrol to Italy.WOMEN OF SEDENTARY HABITS.Women who get little exercise areLikely to be troubled with constipationand indigestion and will find Chamberlain's Tablets highly beneficial. Notso good as a three or four mile walkevery day, but very much better thanto allow the bowels to remain in aronslinated condition. They are easy'and pleasant to take and most agree'able in effect. Obtainable everywhere.(adv-jan)I In 1004 the actual cash road and, bridge expenditure in the United States.averaged slightly less than $28 perI mile of rural roads. In 1915 the cashroad and bridge expenditure had in1 creased to an average of ?10l per mileof road.ALPINE PEAKS HAVE MORE TERRORS FOR THE CHAMOIS THANHAVE SKYSCRAPER CORNICES OR GIANT SMOKESTACKS FORTHIS DARING HUMAN FLY.It's the only real and enduring smilethe smile of perfect health, vitalityand strength yet it is the kind off-inile that everybody can have andkeep all the time.Widely Known For Daring.Williams is a wonderful steeplejack.He lives in Cincinnati at 2G2 RidgeleyMreet. yet his reputation for daringand skillful work at dizzy heights iscation wide. lie likes his work, andthe more difficult it is to reach the"job," as he nonchalantly calls it, thebetter. Ask him why he feels asmuch at home dangling high in theair as he does near his own cozy fireside, and he answers simply, "Perfecthealth." Tie will tell you also that ifir were not for Tanlac he would norhe able to go about his hazardous occupation with the case and composurehe now enjoys.Tanlac Assures Safety.Here's what he says:"Tanlac is a boon to me and assuresJ me that for many years I shall be ableto follow my dangerous occupationwithout the slightest fear of my nervesfailing me."If r have not always felt at homesuspended high in mid-air I do now.Tbe prospect of a difficult job does notin the least worry me. I prepare forit by taking Tanlac. A few days before an unusually hard bit of work Itone up my system by taking Tanlac, reirulaiiy. It quiets my nerves andJ puts my stomach and general physiqueInto ppiTcot athlete shape.Wife Also Praises It."M. wife also declares Tanlac to betlu finest medicine in the world forruii-dvii. nervous women," he says."For a long period she was irritable,nervous and restless. He .daches andgeneral debility had weakened her.Tanlac has restored her and to-dayshe enjoys the vitality and ambitionthat comes only from a healthy body,and mind."'BAD COLD QUICKLY BROKEN UP.Mrs. Martha Wilcox, Gowanda, N.Y., writes: "I first used Ghajnberlain'sCough remedy about eight years ago.At that time I had a hard cold andcoughed most of the time. It provedto be just what I needed. It broke upthe cold in a few days, and the coughentirely disappeared. I have toldmany of my friends of the good I received through using this medicine,and all who have used it speak of it inthe highest terms." Obtainable everywhere. (adv-jan)The Bureau of Soils is co-operating.ihi Pnmpnt mills, blast furnaces, andI wool scourers with tdie object of en-abling them to recover potash as a byj product wherever this proves to be'commercially feasible.THE GIST OF IT.Tanlac, the master medicine and LERSBURG, W. G. Wadell; ELIZAreconstructive tonic, is sold exclusively in PARIS by Varden & Son.Other exclusive agents in nearbytowns are as follows:HUTCHISON Snell & Wood; MIL-BETH, Oscar Smith; CARLISLE,Tureman & Son; GEORGETOWN, U.H. Arnpld; WINCHESTER, Duty DrugCompany; AUSTERLITZ, B. S. Parrish. (adv)"Last December I had a very severecold and was nearly down sick in bed.I bought two bottles of Chamberlain aCough Remedy and it was only a verytew days until I was restored tohealth," writes O. J. Metcalf, Weathcrby, Mo. If you would know the valueof this remedy, ask any one who hasused it. Obtainable everywhere.(adv-jan)EDW. BURKE H. S. CAYWOODSAM CLAY A. L. STEPHENSONJAS. CALDWELL J. L. DENTONA. B. HANCOCKROBT. E. BEATTY D. W. PEEDLUTHER STIVERS JNO. T. COLLINSC. D. WILSON S. R. BURRIS -W. M. ROGERSThe BourbonTobacco Warehouse Co.9999999999999999999999MMSALES DAILYReady To Receive TobaccoAt Any Time.THIS HOUSE has made the Home Market.THIS HOUSE has secured a Re-dryer for ParisTHIS HOUSE has saved the tobacco growers thousands of dollarsby its refusal to raise the selling fees. The saving on this ctop alone toBourbon County will amount ,to $17,000.THIS HOUSE gives you a Square Deal.THIS HOUSE gets you the High Dollar.iTHE INDEPENDENT1 T0BAGC0IWAREH0USEC0.I PARIS, KENTUCKYThe Bureau of Soils of the department last year mapped in detail thevarious soils of 24,749,440 acres in ,oareas in 32 States.Ready to Receive Tobacco 1 at j Any Timetrade: markHAIR TONICis sold by us on a guarantee to be r.reliable preparation for keeping thescalp and hair in a healthy conditionLet us explain its merits to you. Soldonly by us, 50c and S1.00.OBBRDORFER,The Druggist, Paris, Ky.A Bank AccountIs the Gibraltar of the Home!If yon are a man of family you must have a bank account. A BANKACCOUNT IS THE BULWARK, THE GIBRALTAR, OF YOUR HOMEIt protects you in time of need.It gives you a feeling of independence.It strengthens you.It Is a Consolation to Your Wife,to Your ChildrenFarmers' & Traders' Bankr. p. Kisra, PrMidtatJNO. J..M.CLINTOCK, CainierWM. GMMW, Bortlrnnr. .StxtkxudMaia Street!, Rrif , KyJ.WinterTourist TicketsRound-trip Winter Tourist Ticketson sale daily Oct 1, 1916, until April30, 1917, with final return limit May31, 1917, to all principal tourist pointsin Alabama, Florida, Georgia, Louisiana, Mississippi, New Mexico, NorthCarolina, South Carolina, Texas andHavana, Cuba, allowing liberal stoppver privileges on both going and return trip. Also low round-trip Homeseekers Tickets on sale first and thirdTuesdays of each month to points inAlabama, Florida, Louisiana andMississippi, with final return, limittwenty-one days from date of sale.For further Information, call on or addrees, W. V SHAW, Agent,orvJ.JCi-ginTH,T. A. .--1SALES DAILYCompetition is Necessary to Make aGood Sale We Give You CompetitionCHARLES C. CLARKEDSELL CLARKW. H. WHALEY , . Kv t'J- i. . -.J- ---..-" -DIRECTORSW. A. THOMASONHARRY B. CLAYM. R. JACOBYJOSEPH EL LEACHJAMES McCLURESAMUEL HARDtifG&i9fipppri 'V'VV - "IQ-x- r'cPAGE EIGHTTHE BOURBON NEWS, PARIS, KY.TUESDAY. JANUARY It tf ITi - 'IKWi)KH;18IfJIIii;i r- iMILLERSBURGBUFFALO BILL FIRST EMPLOYED BY BOURBON MAN.The death of "Buffalo Bill' removesone of the (most noted characters ofthe West, whose career began whilein the employ of Ben Holladay, anoted Kentuckian of Bourbon county,Mrs. E. M. Thomason entertainedthe 2th Century Club, Saturday afternoon.Mr. and Mrs. J. Clarke Leer enter- wno emigrated to Missouri during thetained six young married couples witii California gold discovery and becamea six-o'clock dinner Wednesday even- a (millionaire.ins.Mr.When Colonel Albert Sidney JohnsC. C. Clarke left Monday fo." t0I1 was dispatched with troops to UtahSi. Joseph's Hospital, Lexington, wher?to put down tihe Mormons, Holladav"K will imr1ntcr on nnorfiMnn r TliBullock. The operation will not be nee- secured a contract to furnish the proessarily severe and Mr. Clarke hopes vender and supplies for Johnston'sto resume his duties at the postoflice men and animals, sending it west byin two weeks. trains and pack animals from Inde-Our town and community was vis- pendence, Mo. He also established5ttid with a snow storyn Friday night, later the "Pony Express" and OveVhich lasted well up into Saturday land Stage line across the plainsajght. Sunday morning the snow was hich traveled from relay stations tosxwjul 14 nicnes on uiu ievei, lii iiu.iv- others that vere fortified. On theso poet, whose ipoem, "The Moneylessiwst nere since jamiar. kjiu, wne.i stages were armed guards, with others Man," was one of the best contribu'on (horseback. Of the latter "Buffalo tions to the State s literature. Col.DEATHS.VANSANT.The funeral of Mrs. Dora Vansant, apopular young woman of Harrodsburg.who died there after a short illness,was held at the family hoane, Fridayafternoon, followed by interment Hitflie Harrodsburg Cemetery. Miss Vansant was a niece of Dr. J. T. Vansant,o Paris.tery Saturday afternoon, at 1:30 Nellie Travelstead, and four sisters,o'clock with services conducted -at. the4 The body was taken to Franklin,grave by Rev. Dr. O. R. Mangunv, pas- Ky., Friday afternoon, for intermenttor of the Paris Baptist church. The Funeral services were conducted Inpall-bearers were her six grandsons. that city at two o'clock Sunday afterMrs. Neal was the widow ot Mr. Jas. noon, and the burial followed in theH.' Neal, who died in this city about Greenwich Cemetery,one year ago. She is survived by two Active pall-bearers were E)nmettsons, Mr. Edward Neal, of the county, Robey, R, F. Neely, I. Foster Leake, 'and Mr. John Neal, of Texas; three Callie Harris, Harry Black, Clarence isisters, Mrs. Nathan GoodVnan, and Evans, Gerald Finn and LawrenceMrs. John Mitchell, of Pans, and Mrs. , Finn, all of Frankfort Honorary pallbearers were H. K. Cole, of Louisville:J. Whitt Potter, Bowling Green; JudgeJohn P. Haswell, of Harrodsburg; C.HWRGOLEKSSPECIALSFor This Week1STANTON.Col. Clarence L. Stanton, a formermember of the Confederate army, anda well-known traveling man, died in aCincinnati hospital recently, where hehad been under medical -treatment forsome time. Col. Stanton was a brotherof Henry L. Stanton, the KentuckySarah Whittaker, of Harrison county.FULLER.Mr. Jefferson Fuller, a faifmer of the(U. McElroy, of Bowling Green; H. HOld Union neighborhood, aged fifty Cherry, Judge Henry R. Hines, Tom iseven, died at his thome Saturday after- Pannell, of Frankfort; V. O. Gilbert,noon, after a long illness. He is sur- superintendent of education, Frankvived by his widow, Mrs. Martha Ful-jfort; Gov. A. O. Stanley and the memler, five sons, William, Thomas, Rob- hers of the Kentucky State Board ofert, James and Alvfn Fuller, and one I Agriculture, composed of the followdaughter, Mrs. Clarence Blackerby. ing Matt S. Cohen, Frankfort; V. J.The funeral was held at Old Union Harris, Kevil; R. J. Bassett, Leignchurch at 10:30 o'clock Sunday morn- field; Thomas L. Hornsby, Eminence,ing. and the burial followed in the! J. Lewis Letterle, Harrods Creek; H.the snow reached 16 inches.Paris Cemetery.An automobile driven by Mr. Jos Bill' was one, and enroute he was adHarrison, of Carlisle, caught fire from signed to the work of supplying buf-'backfiring" just outside of Millers-burg, Saturday afternoon, and was entirely destroyed. The car was valuedt $1,200. Mr. Harrison secured another car and proceeded to Carlisle.falo meat. Being an experienced shotwith a rifle, he did this duty excellently, thereby securing the soubri-Stanton was for many years editor o; jthe Maysville Bulletin, and was wellknown ihere.m. Forman, Ghent; J. M. Ellison,Glencoe; Fred D. Blackburn, StantonDOTY.The Young Peoples' Missionary SoKsiely in a meeting at the 'home of Mr.-?A. &. tsest on w eunesuay uuurnuuii in- (jay jn varjous waysKi:iiit?ii Liitn uiiiui;i? iui xjxi. x iv-n-,t.Thp. oieht.-aTionr.'iiK-nld son of Mr. amiquet of "Buffalo Bill." For a time he .Mrs. Edward Doty, of this city, diedhelped to transport the U. S. mail at the Good Samaritan Hospital, infrom Independence to California and .Lexington, Saturday, where itwas generally employed by Ben Holla-; had been taken for an operation fordouble narelip. The bony was broughthere Sunday. Funeral services wereBLUEGRASS PUBLISHERS TOFIGHT HIGH COST OF PAPED.-ere also raised for 1917. All pledges' Holladay acquired vast tracts of hel(1 at the residence jn Thornton Diand obligations of the society were land in the Sacrrpiento A alley and nn- vision, Sunday afternoon, at 1:30mid in full at the opening of the year ally built a railroad down the valley i o'clock, conducted by Rev. W. E. Ellis,mid a small balance to tne credit oi from Oregon to San Francisco. Al- pastor of the Pans Christian church, vivos himthe society was still in the hands oi though at one time a multimillionaire, (The burial followed in tihe Paris Cem-Uie treasurer, a ucugnuui ium.-u ia ne (ie( in jjew y.orjc a broken man. .tery. Tiie parents nave wie sympatnyFfrved.RELIEF OF FAMILIESOF GUARDSMEN.(One of his daughters married Count.Pourtalay, Secretary of the French Legation at Washington, and anothermarried Count Boussiere, a Parisbanker. The first died soon after theot the community in their affliction.Supstantial aid in the passagetlirough the House of the appropriation of $4,250,000 for the support of thedependent families of members of theNational Guard now on tihe border wasrendered bv Congressman MartinMadden, of Illinois. Mr. Madden call-. he came to Kentuckythe attention of the House to spv-i'The Meadows" fororal cases ccjning under his personalObservation which demonstrated thfr.eed of funds in addition to theamount now on hand. In his opinio.iFRYMAN.The funeral of Mrs. Anna Fryman,aged sixty-five, who died at her homenear Barefoot, in Harrison county,Civil War, while en route from Cali-, after a brief illness of paralysis, wasrornia to Lexington on a visit to thefaanily of her relatives, that of ColonelJesse H. Talbutt, at "The Meadows.'Colonel Talbutt's wife, Mrs. Mary Tal-B. ibutt, was a niece of Ben Holladay andand visited atsometime, lieused to relate scjmo very interestingand amusing stories about "BuffaloBill" and his exploits while in theOveland Stage Route employ. Holla-held at the Mt. Pleasant church, inHarrison county, Friday morning, withservices conducted by Rev. J. R.Howes. Mrs. Fryman was a daughterof the late John and Sarah Damphyer,o fMadison county, and was the mother of Miss Martha L. Frypnan, of Bourbon county. The remains were interred in the ML Pleasant burying groundnear the church. (TAYLOR.The body of Mr. Gibson Taylor, aformer Winchester attorney, who diedat his home near Los Angeles, California, several days ago, arrived inWinchester. Saturday night. The ) 1 he Blue Grass Publishers' andluneral was held at Winchester, Sun-' Printers' Association, in its quarterlyday afternoon at 2:30 o'clock, and the meeting at the Phoenix Hotel, in Lexburial followed in Winchester Ceme- ,ington, Friday, decided to adopt a cotery. The pall-bearers were F. H. i operative plan for buying newsprintJackson. R. P. Taylor, Stanley Prewitt, ' paper and supplies.Will Simmons, John Wheeler, Lee W. j After discussion of establishing an(Bean, T. W. L. Vanmeter and David . advertising agency, the association enGay. Mr. Gibson 1 named Miss Sara.h dorsed the Mutual Benefit AdvertisingHanson, formerly of Paris, who sur-. Company, of which Thomas M. Owsleyis manager. The so-called "free plate"advertising matter will not be accepted except at the regular advertisingrates, was the decision reached at themeeting. The members agreed to sendnotices also to manufacturers that nofree plate need be shipped except onexpress order of trie paper.J. M. Allen, of the Cynthiana Democrat, president -oi the Association, wasinstructed to ccnimunicate with Kentucky Congressmen and Senators, seeking their aid in the campaign to lowernewsprint rates. D. M. Hutton, of theHarrodsburg Democrat, is secretary otthe Association.The Executive Committee, composedjul ir mbiuttiiL viien, ottcreiary nuLiuii,members ex-oilicio; Owen Mclntyre, ofDanville; Harry Giovannoli, LexingtonLeader; A. A. Bowmar, Versailles; M.25 pounds Sugar $1.90All Canned GoodsB cans for 25cBest Grade Flour, 24-poundsack S1-2SBeans, per pound.. .--12 1 -2cPork Chopsper pound 25cLamb (best cut)per pound 20cTANNER.The funeral of Mr. John W. Tanner,aged seventy-five, a former resident ofBourbon county, who died at the homool his brother, Mr. R, B. Turner, at1001 South Third street, in Louisville,Saturday, was held Sunday afternoon!in the Paris Cemetery, with servicesconducted at, the .grave by Rev. W. O.Sadler, pasbor of the Paris Methodistqhurch. The pall-bearers were Jos. W.Davis, Jaimes McClure, Buckner Woodford, Charles C. Clarke, Dr. Chas. G.Daugherty and Wm. B. Woodford.Mr. Tanner was one of the prominent farmers of the old regime in thiscounty, and had become noted as apoultry fancier, his pens having takenFOR BILLIARDS AND POOL 'Baptist Church.Mr. Trabue is survived by one sis-TRABUB.tlie War Department is exceedingly .day's relatives now m Lexington are! l'lv- lu"rv,u a;lla UL t :. ,slow in passing on applications for Mra. W. 11. Polk and her brother. Be Jallotments to needy families, and m E. Talbutt. Mrs. Harry Ogle, of Paris, j -n Lexjngtonf Vere held at the gra'vjlikany cases refuses aid wnere it is ab- is also a relative of the pioneer. L-n tne" parjs Cemetery at 11:30 o'clocksolutely necessarv. One ot the mos. I Friday morning, conducted by Rev. Dr.Aggravated cases was where a soldic-'cLUBS MUST HAVE LICENSE I O. R. Manguni, pastor of the Parisbad left his sick wife at home. Shefcns sinr.p rlind and his home has beensold because of his inability to nice ' Tne following notice has been issued ter, Mrs. J. T. Thompson, of Winchesip intPrcst on the mortKace ct his Elector oi internal uevenuis ueu wr, ins., -ouu muuiei :i. su. u. xiathe interest on tne mortgage, ci ms Marsnall. ,bllCf of uarrisonville, Mo., and twoapplication for relief still awaits tnr , ..Un(ler the new revenue law. passed nieces, Mrs. Lucy Laycock. of Poin-tction of the Department. In this case SepteT11Der is, ioiG, every building or dexter, Harrison county, and Mrs. Jas.snd others Mr. Madden has personally nace where games of billiards or pooMngels, ot near Parte.untributed relief. are played, or bowling alleys wher? Ii bowls are thrown, except in private NEAL.Fvr correcting soil acidity, 1 ton of homes, is regarded as a bowling alley,' Tihe funeral of Mrs. Minerva Nealbwrned li)ne is practically equal to 1M makes ijt necessary for all lodges and aged seventy-three, who died at hertons of slacked lime or 2 tons of clubs t-o procure a special tax stanii. hvime on Second street, at sevenground Mimestone, in case all thre This must be done in the month of o'clock Friday morning, after a longorms are of equal grade of purity. January in order to avoid the penalty. ' illness, was held at the Paris Cemc-manv prizes at the poultry shows andcounty fairs, as well as at the State iR. Purdon. of Maysville, and GemillFair and the Bluegrass Fair. He was Senff, or Mt. Sterling, will meet in aa bachelor. Mr. Tanner had been vis- few weeks to adjust advertising ratesiting his brother in Louisville, and ol the twenty-seven papers of the Blu?seemed to be in his usual good health.He did not respond when called forbreakfast Saturday morning about sko'clock, and upon going to his rocmhe was found dead in bed.Grass in the Association, in an efTortto make thefci uniform.The next meeting will be held inLexington in April.STOCK, CROP, ETC.MflRGOLEN'STHE SANITARY MEAT MARKETGOOCH.jWm. J. Gooch. Secretary of the Kentucky State Fair, Chairman of theState Board of Regents of the WesternState Noimal School and formerSpeaker of the House of Representa-1 J. .lacoby, of the Hutchisontives, died at his apartment in the vicinity, sold his crop of 20,000 poundsSeelbach Hotel, in Louisville, Friday, of tobacco to Abnee & Mussinon, ofmorning, at 6'.) o ciock. tnis citv. tor an average of ?l.oo perMr. Gooch was a native of Franklin, hundred pounds. jand was 59 years old. lie is survived j jby his father, Mr. P. A. Gooch, off Permits for the importation of 127,-!Wichita, Kansas, one daughter, Mrs. 706 canaries were issued by the Biological Survey during the past year.NEW YEAR'SGREETINGWishing you 365 daysofHEALTH,HAPPINESS 'andPROSPERITYin197We are yours truly,WILMOXHGrocery Co-BANKRUPTSALEIBought FromR. de V CAROLL, Trustee ofMacDONALD-KILEY, BANKRUPTMen's High Grade (VI. & K, $ 1 O.OO and $ 1 2.00 ShoesVarsity Shoes AA to DON SALE HERE AT ONE-HALF PRICEGREAThflciniRHiAll short and broken lines must be sold at once.Prices marked are far less than the actual wholesale prices.I X VCorningAttractionsPARIS GRAND AND ALAMOShoesRubbersSlippersIncluded in this extraordinary value giving sale. The following arebut a few of the many bargains that await you here tomorrow:Ladies'Ladies'Ladies'Ladies'Ladies'Ladies'Ladies'Ladiet'Felt Boudoirs, SI. 00 value, atFelt Juliets, fur trimmed, $1.50 value at.Dark Russia Calf Lace BootsDull Kid High Cut BootsPatent and Dull Kid ShoesPatent and Dull Kid High ShoesGun Metal, Button, Low HeelDark Gray Milady Boots, all sizes AAQuality, at Bargain Prices.to D,-.59c..99c$3,95$3.49$2.99$2.49$1.69$9.00Men' Tan and Black Romeos, $1.50 values, at 99cMen's Black Felt Slippers 49cMen's Russ and Platinum Calf English WalkOver, samples $4.50Men's Russ. and Plat. English Walk-Over $3.50Men's Gun Metal English button and lace $2.99Men's Gun Metal, button and lace, good quality $1.99Men's Heavy Work Shoes, good quality $1.99 up3D-A.3ST COHENParis' Greatest Shoe Store.335 Main Street, Paris, Ky.& y"- - "fc ilu J m. -J--4IC.,iJATUESDAYDouglas FairbanksIN"ManhattanMadness"Fine Arts Production.Ora Cerew and Joseph Belmont inDollars andSensea Mack Sennett Keystonecomedy.WEDNESDAYSESSUE BAYiKAWAIN"fionorabhTrknd"See this famous Japaneseartist. Famous Players.Hours-Alamo, 2 to 5:30; Paris Grand,7 to 1 0:30, Admission 5 and 1 Oc.I.MjgfoV j L3i, '- ' " '.iff iJnsepczrable Companionsthey should be the Wedding Ring and the Life Insurance Policy.A policy of Life Insurance in her favor should be the first"gift to the bride,If that were always the rule, there would be fewer unhappy homes, less poverty and humiliating dependence. -There is a Life Insuradce PolicyTo Meet Every Purse.The Northwestern Mutual Life Insurance Go.R. F. CLENDENIN, Awociate General AgentSuite 220 First Natl Ban BH. PARIS, IT.iTf