.wBOURBONTHEv&'r' V ,-PUBLISHED EVEKY TUESDAY AND FRIDAY IN THE YEARnVOLUME XXXVI!PARIS, BOURBON COUNTY, KENTUCKY, FRIDAY, OCTOBER 19, 1917NEWS. -Sl , X. .-1MYSTERY OF MANY YEARSCLEARED TJP HERE.ISAn inquiry of the Chief of Policeat Lexington by the Chief of Policeof Beaumont, Texas, asking for aidin finding June Stone and John Goff,Loth former residents of Bourboncounty, helped to clear up a mysterythat has for many years baffled solution here.News of the death of Lucius DeshaStone, brought to his relatives inthis county this week was the firstinformation they had had of himsince he disappeared from his homein the vicinity of Little Rock, thiscounty, over thirty years ago. InIS 8 7 Stone mysteriously disappearedfrom his home on the Stone farmnear Little Rock, and no circumstance developed nor was any cluefound that shed the least bit of lightas to the cause of his disappearanceor as to his whereabouts. With thepassage of years his friends and relatives became convinced that he hadmet foul play, and his death wastaken as an assured fact. All searchfor him was discontinued years ago.About four years ago Mr. JohnBurris, who owned a farm nearwhere Stone had lived, unearthed askeleton of a male in a field wherehe was plowing. The skeleton wasperfectly formed and well-preserveddespite its burial in the ground forvery evidently many years. Old residents of the community remembering the disappearance of Stone, atonce took up the theory that he hadbeen murdered by one of the farmhands, and his body buried in thefield where the skeleton was found.Soon, however, it was learned thathis disappearance was still an unsolved mystery, as the story of theskeleton reached the ears of Mr. Jas.Gibson, now Deputy Sheriff underSheriff Wr F. Talbott. Mr. Gibsonstated that he could account for thepresence of the skeleton in the fieldand that it was not that of Mr. Stone.He said that twenty years ago hewas residing with his brother, Mr.Wm. Gibson, a well-known farmer ofthat vicinity, and had been studyingmedicine with a view of adopting itas a profession. He borrowed askeleton from Dr. W. C. Wilkersbn,of Little Rock, to use in study ofanatomy. After he no longer 'neededit in his studies it was stored awayin an old loft in a buggy house. Thehouse was afterward torn down, andtheafceleton was buriedjUn the J&where it lay forgotten until turnedup by Mr. Burris' plow.The story which brought the newsof the death of Lucius Stone was firstprinted in the Lexington Herald, inthe shape -of a letter to Chief ofPolice J. J. Reagan, in Lexington,from the Chief of Police at Beaumont, Texas, asking for aid in finding June Stone and John Goff, whomLucius Stone, in his last illness, asked to be apprised of his death. Stonehad been working in Beaumontwhere he died a few days ago. Hewas a brother of Squire James Stoneand Mrs. Thomas Goff, of North Middletown. The John Goff referred toin the communication from the Beaumont Chief of Police, died in thiscounty several years ago.When Stone disappeared overthirty years ago he left behind him awife, Mrs. Belle Gibson Stone, andfour children, Mr. J. Will Stone, MissMary Stone, a trained nurse, andMrs. Sallie Woodall, now residents ofParis, and Miss Gertrude Isles Stone,now a resident of Wisconsin. In1892 Mrs. Stone secured a divorceand married Mr. Thomas Taul, ofParis, the Democratic nominee forJailer of Bourbon county..eWUeTQEpaWANTED.Men and women to serve theircountry by joining our Liberty BondClub. Our plan makes it possible foreverybody to own a U. S. Government Bond.FIRST NATIONAL BANK,(19-tf) Paris, Ky.Pa la toATTEND Y..M. C. A. CONFERENCEA conference of the Y. M. C. A.held in Louisville, Tuesday, waslargely attended from all over thsState. The conference was addressedTy Mr. Fletcher Bookerman, Assistant General Secretary of the International Committee Y. M. C. A. anddiplomatic minister of the UnitedStates to Russia, who told of conditions in Russia and in China, wherelie also lived for several years.Among those who attended fromParis were Mr. Z. L. Wilcox, Secretary of the local Y. M. C. A., Assistant Secretary Thos. Smith, H. A.Power, C. 0. Hinton and Peale Collier. I9i pa toENTERTAIN AT OLD UNION.There will be an entertainment atthe Old Union church to-night at7:30 o'clock, the program to consistof readings and music. At the conclusion of the program the women ofthe church will serve oyster soup. Anadmission of twenty-five cents will"be charged, the proceeds to be applied to church work.SECOND LIBERTY LOAN CAMPAIGN IS LAGGING.The campaign for the sale of theSecond Liberty Loan bonds in thiscity and county, seems to be dragging, and is not making as satisfactory progress as was thought possibleat first.We had been led into an error inreporting that the second loan wasbeing liberally subscribed to. Thereverse is the truth, as we havelearned from an authority in a position to know. Our impression camefrom an announcement that there'would be no "campaigning" for theloan, and that many were confidentthe bonds could and would bepromptly taken by the patriotic people of Paris and Bourbon county.There is a strange apathy, growcity and community in general, growing doubtless, out of the impressionthat there would be an eager demandfor the bonds, and that, therefore,there was no occasion for anybodyto bestir himself. When our peoplewake up to the requirements andwhen everybody is doing something,then, and then only, can it be understood that the loan is going well.It takes a drive all along the line byeverybody to make this second loanthe success the first one was.One of the most patriotic displayswe have noticed is in the show win-down of L. Frank ,& Co., where the !windows are literally covered withartistic posters, advertising the Liberty Loan Bonds. Mr. Frank andhis associates have all along beenamong the foremost advocates of theLiberty Loan, and the example is oneto be emulated by others. To obscure and hide their own window display with Government posters is anattestation of the patriotism of themembers of the firm.Pa IS IBMASONIC GRAND LODGE ELECTSNEW OFFICERS.The annual session of the Kentucky Grand Chapter, Royal ArchMasons, held in Louisville this week,was one of the most interestingones of recent years. At the session held in the Masonic TempleTuesday night the following officerswere elected for the new term:' - Gravid high priest, Isaac T. Woodson. Louisville: deputy grand highi priest, Sidney S. Pinney, Mt. Sterling; grand king, Samuel K. Veach,aflisle: . grand scribe, James F.Winn, Winchester; grand treasurer,Frank H. Johnson, Louisville; grandsecretary, G. Allison Holland, "Lexington; grand captain of the host,Hanson Peterson, Cynthiana; grandprincipal sojourner, James Garnett,Louisville; grand royal arch captain,Alec Gordon Sulser, Maysville;grand master of the third veil, W.R. Johnson, Lebanon; grand masterof the second veil, Frank D. Rash,Earlington; grand master of the firstveil, Virgil P. Smith, Somerset.Membership in the Grand Lodgeduring the fiscal year 1916-17 totaled46,046, an increase of 1,560 over thepreceding year, according to the report of Grand Secretary Dave Jackson. There are 592 lodges represented in the order. Receipts for the fiscal year were $99,984.55. The assessment for the Widows and Orphans Home was 533,293 and for theOld Masons' Home at Shelbyville$11,100. The payroll of the lodgeamounted to $11,128. Cash to theamount of $99,967.08 is now on handin the treasury, without expendituresand appropria'tions for the ensuingyear having been made.WANTED.Old hens and roosters.(19-2t) HARRIS & DALE.3 pa paFOUR-MINUTE TALKS FOR BONDSAT OPERA HOUSEBeginning with to-night four-minutetalks in the interest of the Liberty Loan Bonds will be made at theAlamo Theatre and the Grand Operai House. At the Grand to-night Mr. E.M. Dickson will address the audiencein a four-minutes speech, advocatingthe purchase of bonds. Judge DenisDundon will make a four-minute talkat the Alamo to-morrow (Saturday)afternoon along the same lines, andon Saturday night at the OperaHouse, Mr. John J. Williams will ina four-minute talk tell of the urgentneed of helping the Liberty Loancampaign in this city and county.Pa Pa PaDR. FRITZ'S CASE POSTPONED INlGERMAN AGENTS WORK AGAINSTFEDERAL COURT. LIBERTY BOND SALE.Dr. John Fritz, of Covington, who Pro-German agents in the Unitedgained considerable notoriety in con- States, according to the report to thenection'with work for the Red Cross , Treasury Department, have directedand' who lectured in Paris just pre- j their energies toward defeating theceding his arrest on a charge of im-. Liberty Loan. Their organized propersonating a United States officer, ' paganda has borne fruit, from Minhas been released. The Louisville . nesota to Texas, it is asserted, inTimes says: scattered localities where weak ef-t ,, j-t, 4. 4.x. Lforts nave Deen made, not openly, butIndicating that the charge of im-fby indirect methods, to discouragepersonating an officer against Dr. ' subscriptions.uuiiu niu, wuu was lnaiciea oy meFederal grand jury, would not bepushed, District Attorney Miller secured the postponement of the caseuntil the next term of court. Dr.Fritz was released on his own bondand then turned over to the Federalauthorities at Covington, in theEastern Judicial district of the State,where similar charges are pendingaginst him."Dr. Fritz said he intended as soonas his freedom was obtained to beginanother lecture tour to obtain recruits for Uncle Sam. However, hesaid he would be mighty careful jiotto misrepresent himself, no matterhow pressing the need."The defendant, who is not a; physician, but a chiropodist, Mr. Millersaid, was arrested June 15 aftermaking a lecture at Lagrange, Ky.,and taking up a collection. He freely admits this method in many partsof the country, but says the money,with the exception of a small sum todefray his expenses, was turned overto the Red Cross and used to paythe transportation of recruits to therecruiting stations. District Attorney Miller stated that an investigation had failed to reveal that the defendant was pro-German and pointed out that the man had spent fourmonths in jail already and had repented."23 Pa paSECOND LIBERTY LOAN BONDSSOLD ON INSTALLMENTS.Loosen your purse strings, sonsand daughters of Columbia, and takethe bonds of the Second LibertyLoan. Buy them till the pinch ofbuying brings to your heart the glowof a good investment made and agood deed done. Buy U. S. Government Liberty Bonds. If you have one,buy another, and sell two morebondsto tvo pther gopd Americans.'. -We are offering these LibertyB6nds on easy terms a $50 Bond at$1.00 down and the balance in weekly payments of $1.00 per week; the$100.00 Bonds at $2.00 down .and$2.00 per week.THE FIRST NATIONAL BANK.(oct5-8t)The work of the pro-Germanagents, officials assert has been carried on for more than two weeks.Some of the workers have had thetemerity, reports to the Treasury indicate, to conduct their operations inthe National Capital.Official recognition of the propaganda against the loan was voiced byColonel Herbert' M. Lord, representing the War Department at the WarRisk conference, at which the detailsof the new sailors and soldiers insurance law are being explained to'officers and enlisted men from thevarious cantonments.to to toLADIES TO HELP IN LIBERTYBOND CAMPAIGN.The ladies of Paris and Bourboncounty are going to take an activepart in prosecuting the campign forthe sale of Liberty Loan bonds inthis vicinity.All ladies who are willing to givea part of their time toward solicitingsubscriptions for the Liberty Loanbonds are asked to meet in theCounty Court room at the courthouse next Wednesday afternoon, at2:00 o'clock. The subscription willclose on Saturday, October 27, andit is desired that Bourbon's womenmake an active campaign all alongthe line to the closing hour.t pa Pa PaTHIS IS THE LAW."The Assessor or his deputy, beforehe returns any one in default, shallapply at his residence, if a corporation at the place of business, for listof his taxable property, and in caseof his absence, leave a writtennotice with some person of the household over sixteen years of age, orput on the front door of the residence or place of business, of thetftfhfeand place such person shallmeet the Assessor in his county, andgive in his list of taxable property;and if he fails to attend and give insuch list, then the Assessor shall report the person to the County Clerk,and the Clerk shall report such person to the Supervisors, who shallassess and value his property."NEWS FROM THE KENTUCKY OILFIELDS.The real feature of the Kentuckyoil fields is the wide area that isbeing tested by the drill, there beingwork under way in 46. counties inKentucky and one in Tennessee, andwhat these wild-cat wells will bringforth remains yet to be seen. Thesupposition is that pools just as richas the Irvine and Pilot fields will bediscovered, but whether or not inthe list of wells now drilling.During September there were 135wells completed, of which 29 weredry holes or gas wells, leaving 105producing wells, with a new production of 2,571 barrels. When compared with the figures of August thisshows a decrease in completed wellsof 31 and 26 less dry holes or gaswells, while in production there is anincrease of 619 barrels. This increaseis not due to the Irvine field in Estill county, but the Pilot Ashby fieldin Powell county, where some veryproductive wells were developed during the month by Pat J. White. CarlK. Dresser, the Petroleum Exploration Company, Cherokee Oil Company, Foreman & Hockstetter andothers. The new production of thewells of Powell county alone shows2,010 barrels from 35 producingwells, which is a big acreage.Mr. Fletcher Mann, of Lexington,a former resident of Paris, is at thehead of the Pheonix Oil ProductionCompany, a new $50,000 organization that has filed articles of incorporation with the Secretary of Stateat Frankfort. ' Mr. Mann is fatherof Mr. Hord Mann, Assistant Cashierof the First National Bank, of Paris.OUR JUVENILE CLOTHINGIs the talk of the town. Mothersare relying on us for the best in outfitting the youngsters in suits andovercoats.(It) J. W. DAVIS & CO.Pa Pa PaMORE ACCIDENTS.WE KNOW HOWTHETRENCHERi:THE VARDEN SALE.Thirteen pieces of city propertybelonging to the estate of the lateDr. George "Varden, of Paris and Lexington, were sold at public auctionyesterday by the Security Trust Company, of Lexington, Auctioneer Geo.D. Speakes crying the sale.The various properties brought atotal of $16,875. Dr. George S. Varden bought the home place which henow occupies, for $3,000. Mr. HughBrent purchased the home adjoining,in which he resides, for $2,100. Therest of the property brought from thevarious purchasers a total of $11,-775.The Newest and MostStylih Model inYoung Men'sOvercoatsFor Fall and Winter.Both light and heavyweight materials, made inmany fancy colors of green,tan, grey and brown, agraceful, stylish tailoredcoat that will please themost critical dresser, cutcomfortably full in thebody, belted all aroundwith extra wide belt, veryhigh waisted lines, eithersingle breasted or doublebreasted$l5.00to$35.00This is the model thatwill appeal to the youngman, but we have hundredsof other styles for the moreconservative dresser. Letyour Overcoat come fromour store, where each andevery garment sold by us isstamped with our absoluteguarantee for quality andservice.Master Billie Powell, son of Mr.and Mrs. Wm. C. Powell, of Harmonstreet, was painfully bruised and cutabout the head and face Wednesdayafternoon by a fall from a wagon inwhich he was playing. He was takento his home and first-aid-to-the-injur-edtreatment given.Misses Betsy Ray and Mary McCarthy, of Paris, and Miss Ray'sguest, Miss Beatrice Johnson, of Toronto, Canada, while riding in MissMcWilliam's pony cart, were thrownout when a clip broke on a shaft,causing the cart to turn over.Misses Johnson and Ray were considerably bruised, and Miss McWilliams had one arm slightly hurt. Allare able to be out again.While descending the steps at herhome on Mt. Airy avenue, Miss Virginia Davis made a miss-step, andfell to the bottom of the stairs, landing on her face and shoulders. Shesustained painful bruises and a nervous shock that has kept her confinedto her bed. She is greatly improved.lea to toLOCAL BOWLING SEASON OPEJWAT FORDHAM ALLEYS.The bowling season of 1917-1918opened at the Fordham Alleys on lastMonday night with a "warm game"between the Bourbon Laundry andCurtis Henry teams, old rivals in theCity Bowling League races of lastyear. The former team proved thevictors when the final scores werechalked up, having a safe lead of 84pins to the good. Star performersfor the Laundry team were Swearingen, who led for first honors with208 in the third game, followed byShankland with 202 in the secondgame. Swearengen also took thirdhonors with 177 in the first game. 'For the Curtis Henry team Jones ledwith 176, followed by Denton andWoods, who tied, having 167 eachto their credit. In the gome Wednesday night between the R. P.Walsh and the T. W. Spicer teams,victory came to the Spicer team by a24 pin majority. Starring for theSpicer team were Hill with 170 forhigh and 165 for second, followedby Harper with 161. The stars forthe R. P. Walsh team were Thomas "with 203 and 199, Jackson with 19 Gand Santen with 171.The games were witnessed by alarge crowd, showing that interestin the game has not abated becauseof the war or other reasons. The ,scores and club standing follow:BOURBON LAUNDRY.Shankland 145Swearingen 177Taylor 144Determan 125Funk .':i522202146135129174Z152208143144146Totals 743 786 793CURTIS HENRY CO.1Jones 152Woods 153Posner 127Denton 140Henry 15121491371101671263176.167113136134Totals 723 689 726Bourbon Laundry 2322-Curtis Henry Co 2138Laundry Majority 84R. P. WALSH.1Jackson 125Huffman 105B. Santen 101Kahe 153Thomas 127Totals 611T. W. SPICER.1Harper 154H. Santen 118Falkner 128Bridges .. 136Hill 1652 3190 144138 15.6122 171132 95-203 199785 7652 C 3161 145144 143153 143151 160170 144Totals 701 749 735T. W. Spicer 2185R. P. Walsh 2161Spicers majority 24Mitchell & BlakemoreStetson Hats Manhattan Shirts . Nettleton ShoesDr. Reed's Cushion Sole ShoesB-4 PI RE. Insure withW.O. HINTON &SON,Agtsto to IB '$2,000,000 FIRE IN KANSAS CITYSTOCK YARDS.CLUB STANDINGW LBourbon Laundry 3 0R. P. Walsh 2 1T. W. Spicer 1 2C. Henry & Co 0 3to to toPet. '1.000.66T.333.000A great blaze in the Kansas CityStock Yards, Tuesday, destroyed tenacres of hog pens. Thousands ofheads of livestock perished in theflames.Estimates on the actual loss ofstock and property vary, but it is believed that it will reach $2,000,000.The number of cattle lost is knownto be as high as ten thousand andtwo thousand hogs, although officialsof the corporation owning the stockyards admitted that about 4,000 headof stock were destroyed. ,During the progress of the fire,hundreds of cattle were diven fromthe pens and ran wild in the streets,and it will be impossible to identifymany of them.Several of the fire companies triedto extinguish the flames and theguard company was put on duty.The origin of the fire is not yetknown. Officials declared that theirlosses were covered by insurance.-to toFire, Wind and LightningInsurance.Thomas, Woodford & Bryan.to to toMISS NEVILLE WILL ADDRESSNORTH MIDDLETOWN CLUBSMiss Linda Neville, whose workamong the blind in the Kentuckymountains has become nationallyknown, will go to North Middletownto-day where she will deliver an address this afternoon before the NorthMiddletown Women's Club.Miss Neville will recite some of herexperiences among the mountain people, what she and her assistants havedone, and what they hope to accom-BUY A BOND TO-DAY.It's essential that you buy a bondand help Bourbon do her share inmaking the world safe for Democracy. (It) J. W. DAVIS & CO.to toHRST STATE CONFERENCEOLDER COLORED BOYS.OF rThe first State Conference of OlderColored Boys of the Y. M. C. A. everheld south of the Ohio river will begin in Lexington on November 2with arrangements made for entertaining 200 boys from all sectionsof Kentucky. The session wil lastfor three days.Every colored church and highschool of the State is expected tohave at least one delegate in attendance. The general theme of the con-,ference will be "A Call to Service."A committee of colored men, composed of J. A. Green, of Louisville;Prof. W. D. Mathews, of Louisville;Prof. Kirk Smith, of Lincoln Ridge;the Rev. J. B. Redmon, of Paris;Prof. G. Wl Saffell, of Shelbyville,and Prof. W. H. Mayo, of Frankfort,through the Colored Y. M. C. A., arepromoting the conference. The executive branch of the Lexington committee is composed of R. H. Hogan,chairman, the Rev. M. L. Porter andGabriel Gatewood.Among the leaders of the coloredpeople of the nation who will bpresent are: Dr. J. E. Moreland, ofNew York; C. H. Tobias, of Washington; G. W. Moore, of Washington;Dr. M. W. Johnson, of Charleston,W. Va.; C. L. Harris, of Cincinnati,and many of the outstanding leadersin Kentucky, in addition to representative ministers of every denomination. The program includes sucheducators as Prof. Mathews, theprincipal of the colored high schoolat Louisville; Prof. Smith, of Lincoln Institute; Prof. G. W. Saffell,of Shelbyville, and Prof. Mayo, of... . it - X J. Hirjnn ATnn11npiisn in ine miure. m Frankfort: w. H. Stewart, the editorwill be the house guest of Mrs. Jas. , of tlie American Baptist and J. A.C.t Evans, near North Middletown ' Green the general secretary of tkduring her stay.ColoredJY. M.C. A. in Louiayill.J,'. -"x&rC-tvfcftfrifrvSAGS TWOft.m BOURBON NEWS' abl!shd 188135 Ytars of Contlnuow Publication.blished Every Tuesday and Friday,r Year... $2.00 Six Months... $1.00Payable in Advance.W1FT CtlAMP. Editor and OwneiEDITORIAL MUSINGS.The College Freshman.The young- student's first appear-ance on the college campus is one of. , ,, ;some obloquy. Theumuquy. xne very wora"Freshman" suggests awkwardness.lot merely does he feel his rawness, 'but the older students subject him toZZ "rrrnLTr: ..- . . ypubeu,mere incident. The intimate circle ofiu uc coscutia.1 tir ma training.Formerly this taming took theform of physical hazing. Puttingthe Freshman under the pump isolder than any text book. Undoubtedly some impudent spirits had theirpresumption worn off by such methods. But the average Sophomore isnot mature enough to set up asmoral disciplinarian or censor ofmanners.In most colleges now the moreactize hazing is obsolute. But thereare subtler, sometimes more irritating ways of attaining the same purpose. There is a feeling that theFreshman is a bumptious specimen,"whose self conceit must be takendown. He must know his place, andehow due reverence to dignitarieslike Sophomores. Various humiliations are devised toward these ends.The Freshman is, of course, a little absurd from his unfamiliaritywith his new world. Ignorant of itsmanners and customs, he makes blunders. The Sophomore who sneers atthem seems an infinitely wiser personage. As a matter of fact, hetloesn't know much more. His additional year of study and experiencehas still left him with the conceitsof e-treme youth.. His college lifemay even have added to these conceits.Despite theFreshman's various awkwardness, he is a very attractive figure. , He is full of enthusiasm andambitions. Perhaps these are morefervent than they will be later inthe course. He may then learn howto capture a degree without workingmuch of it.High and preparatory schools turnout very mannerly looking graduatesCatarrh ofMrs. Mary Fennell, R. F. D. , Pomona, Missouri, writes:"I wish to say a few words in thepraise of Peruna. I have used itwith good results for cramps in theetomach. Also found it the verything for catarrh of the head. Mysister was cured of catarrh of stomach by the use of Peruna.''Mrs. B. T. Chomer, 69 East 42ndSt., Chicago, 111., says: "Manalinbest laxative on the market for liverand bowels, very good for indigestionand heart burn.Thoe who object to liquid medicines can secure Peruna tablets.t MM !! l1riMiiAA HM1 Itwin Bros. Department store$wtm and main St$.i CIKI Twin Bros.PA. tiff -Iflli fJfm lull II HIII ''' I!!ni illIkiiiiiniiiiimiiiiiimitii.... iviiiimimiimnsnowadays. These lower schools provide a pretty full life of their own,and the boy as he goes eta. to collegeoften looks and acts very much likea gentleman. There may be little ofthe rawness that the word "Freshman" suggests.The Hazards of Football.Every season at this time of yearone used to read much about the perils of football. There was a chorusof attack on the slaughter of ourcollege and high school innocents.The game was denounced as merelybeefy and brutal.One scarcely sees a line of that thisfall. Yet there are always about theusual number of football accidents.In spite of attempts to open up theplay, it will always be a game forstrong boys, capable of giving andtaking hard knocks., . -,., . , ,, . .made us indifferent to the chances ofdeath and accident lying all aroundus. With thousands dying daily inthe trenches, the sacrifice of a fewtacklers and quarterbacks seems afriends may be indignant, but nopopular feeling is aroused.The long story of automobile accidents every day may be a factor.With father and mother doing 40miles an hour out on the motor road,they can't say much about the sonwho risks having his spine snappedby a rough tackle.Swimming causes a hundred timesmore fatalities than football. But noone ever started a crusade againstwater sports.The American people are a nationof chance takers. They hate to quiton anything on which their heartbecomes set, and only in their coolermoments do they weigh chances.They dislike to admit in public thatthey are afraid of anything.They would live just as happily ifthey formed the daily habit of taking more careful precautions. Swimming, by beginners at least, could beprotected by having regular provisionof life guards. The motor roadscould be made comparativelyeafe by a drastic enforcement of existing laws. Football might beremodeled into the game as played inEngland, where accidents are comparatively few.But efforts for such precautionsare contrary to the national temperament. People who never had a serious accident are sustained by thecheerful optimism that nothing everwill happen.When the Frost Is on the "Pumpkin."These be the days of the crisp andfrosty morning, of the golden rod andthe changing leaf, when a strollthrough the woods is an excursionStomachMade WellBy Peruna,My SisterAlso CuredByPE-RU-NA111 4 I j . fr. 1 1 f .. Paris, Kentuckym9SKmABOUTSTYLEHere It Is !SUITSFrom $10.00 UpCOATSFrom $5.98 UpHATSFrom $1.00 Upmj&mMAKE YOUR HALLOWE'EN SUIT NOW !We have a large line of solidand fancy materials also thepatterns.Dept. StoreTHE BOURBONfinto delisrhts unknown towhov confines himself to thecity streets.They also be days which bring upvisions of a time when some of uswere not in such a hurry to runthrough the alloted limit of life;days the memories of which carrythe aroma of a wood fire and asteaming kettle of "backbone and potatoes and onions," pumpkin pie andcorn pone and buttermilk of a ragcarpet and a cat on the hearth, anda white-capped grandmother in thechimney corner what if she mayhave been smoking a pipe?Or perhaps we dream of the warm,clinging water of the shoals in whichwe waded on bright October mornings in search of that royal fellow,the small-mouthed black bass, whodared us cast the lure and did nothesitate to answer the challengeback to him, rushing, leaping,plunging with the steel in his flesh,but asking no quarter; and then theJunch on the rocks between toweringcliffs and hillsides made glorious bythe dash of coloring which the Master Artist spilled his wealth of purple and green and gold to produce,the coffee from the little old blackened pot and the brittle streaks ofbacon broiled in the battered fryingpan commingling their perfume withthe sweet odors of the surroundingatmosphere until the senses refuse todo anything but dream and dreamand dream.And then the return to the campin the evening, wet and tired; therub down and the warm clothing,the seat by the blazing wood fire,the cackle of Gus and Arch and bewhiskered Bill recounting the day'sluck or ill luck, later the fried bass,the pipes, the dying embers and thecots upstairs.What's the use?pa IS ISGIRLS GET BUSY.Girls and women have began totake the places of men and boys inperforming labor in Paducah, thechange having become a necessitybecause of a lack of male help.Girls are operating elevators atseveral stores, and at other workwhere boys could not be had. ThePostal Telegraph Company has supplanted all of its boy messengerswTith girls and Manager M. V. Grubbssaid they were giving better satisfaction. At the present time there is ascarcity of male labor.IS3 IJ3 3DO YOU HAVE DIZZY SPELLS?It's Important to Learn the Cause,As Many Paris People Have.Dizziness is never a disease of itfeelf it's only a symptom of somedeep-seated trouble. Much dizziness iscaused by disordered kidneys failingro niter an the poisons from thablood. These poisons attack thenerves and dizziness results. If youare subject to dizziness, there is goodleason to suspect your kidneys, andif you suffer backache, headache andii regular kidney action, you havefurther proof. Many Paris peoplehave learned the value of Doan'sKidney Pills in just such cases. Readthis Paris resident's statement:Mrs. J. W. Markland, 326 EighthStreet, Paris, says: "Some few yearssgo, I suffered severely with kidneycomplaint and sometimes was in a.serious condition. I have had a constant, dull ache across the small ofmy back, and I have had terribledizzy spells at times. I have usedDoan's Kidney Pills for this troubleond they have helped me more thananything else, always relieving me ofthe complaint."Price 60c, at all dealers. Don'tsimply ask for a kidney remedy getDoan's Kidney Pills, the same thatMrs. Markland had. Foster-MilburnCo., Props., Buffalo, N. Y. (adv)You Don't Have toStoopIf You Use aGarlandCabinetRangeJ Jsfiik.If !A beautiful line of Garlands on dlafclay. Coma In and look tham ovar.Paris Gas & Electric Co.(Incorporated)NEWS, PARIS, KY..11 " rm. j... 11 ' r-rf 1 1 --TTT,Li r ' ' -the man JK&; Mr Jtf JHi M tmsordid ARP'jH tf U P-in? -1ft fflIf nil 11kb IF 1 k) BH SffVffGE5 m iiNEGROES WILL BE CALLEDDRAFT THIS MONTH. .INNegro men of the national armywill be called out some time thismonth, it was stated at the War Department recently, to be assigned. tothe cantonments throughout thecountry in accordance with the orplan announced last week. The exact date of the call has not been fixed, but it will be soon after the graduation of the negro officers from thetraining camp at Des Moines, la.To The Public!The merchants of Paris recentlysigned agreements to close theirstores as follows: Grocery stores at7 p. m. and Saturdays 11 p. m.Other lines of business at 5 p. m., excepting Satui days. Some of our merchants are doing all they can to liveup to their agreement, while othersfind all kind of excuses to extend thetime of closing. One of their mainexcuses has been that customers willdelay their purchases to the lastminute, and by entering stores at theclosing hour make it difficult formerchants to close their stores asagreed upon.The Merchants Protective Association of Bourbon County at its lastmeeting directed by an unanimousvote that the undersigned make anurgent appeal to the public to kindlyassist the merchants by making alltheir purchases so as not to conflictwith this closing arrangement.There must be reason in allthings. A business or .householdconducted without order and systemcannot bring complete success. Remember success does not mean moneyalone but also means "Happiness,Harmony and Good Health."The mechanic and ordinary daylaborer will not work over 10 or 8hours per day. This you will agreeis exactly right. But why thenshould we ,expect a merchant towork from 6 a. m. to 10 or even 12p. m., or from 12 to 18 hours perday?The merchant desires good healthand wants to live as long as others.He wants to enjoy the company ofhis wife and children at eveningduring the week as well as only onSundays. Two hours extra rest eachday means all this for him and betterservice for you on the next day. Nodoubt you believe this is right andare willing to grant him and hisclerks and porters this necessdryrest. Then why not help him to liveup to his pledge and make your purchases accordingly?To those merchants who have sofar failed to close their stores aspromptly as they agreed, we appealagain, "For the good of all, as wellas your own welfare, let us stand together and work like one man."To, those merchants who so farhave failed to fall in line on theclosing agreement, we extend anearnest appeal to "Come and work together with us for a common cause,"and to the public we appeal for theirencouragement and co-operation inthis movement, because we believe itright.SignedFRED WECKBSSER, Chairman.WM. GRANNAN, Secretary.Eusiness Men's Protective AssociationBourbon County, Ky.In every layer of fabric, in every bit ofrubber permeating the entire casing!No wonder Savage Tires average somuch greater mileage.Savage Tires are built to give mileage first thenroad comfort and complete satisfaction they arenot made to sell at a price. And yet Savages costno more than ordinary casings.Sold through our own distributors. We put themiddleman's profit into extra quality "Heap bigmileage! " Watch for the red Savage sign.TIRESHap tig mihni!Dickerson & DouglasF ourth and High Sts. Paris, Ky.STOCK, CROP, ETC.Mr. Lutrell Warner, of Montgomery county, sold "to Mr. James Xi.Gregory, of near Paris, one hundredbarrels of corn, to be taken in thefield, at $5.50 per barrel.Mr. James Connell, of Paris,bought eight head of 750-pound cattle from Alexander Bros., of Nich-lolas county, at ?7 per hundredpounds.Rooms For Rent.Two nicely rurnlshed rooms in.nome on Eighth street, equipped"with all modern conveniences. CallHome Phone 397. (16-tf)Home For Sale PrivatelyOn account of Mr. Napier's passenger run being changed from Paris toLexington and Cincinnati necessitating a removal to Lexington, I desirto dispose of my residvnee at the corner of Main and Second streets, inParis, at private sale.This is a substantial brick house,two-stories, has six large rooms;sleeping porch; two concrete porches;large garden and poultry yard; sideand front yard. It is a first-classhome and will be a bargain for thpurchaser. It is in first-class shape.An inspection of the house and premises is invited.MRS. JESSE S. NAPIER,(4-tf) 128 Mam Street.DISPERSAL SALEorSaddle and Harness HorsesTO BE HELD AT 'THE E. K. THOMAS FARMNear North Middetown, Ky.Thursday, Oct. 25, 1917AT 11:30 O'CLOCK SHARPThese are standard bred and all up-to-date in breeding, andare the get of the great sires Bourbon King, Lochinvar, ChesterDare and other great sires.Everything will be sold without any reserve whatever.Write Frank Remington, Paris, Ky., for catalogue.TSXDAY, OCTOWI tt fMflWHHHome Wanted.Man whose work has been transferred from Paris to the county,vants to find good home for his threechildren, one eleven, one nine andone six years old. Apply at thisoffice for information.Tobacco Land Wanted.Wanted money rental of 40 or 50acres of good tobacco land within.1 miles of city limits. No barnsneeded. Will pay good price forgood land. Address L. C. L. careBOURBON NEWS, Paris, Ky.Farms For Sale.I have listed for sale some reallive bargains in Shelby County farmland 50 acres to 710 acres.JOHN F. DAVIS,(2-6t) Shelbyville, Ky.Scrap Iron Wanted.I am paying fifty cents per lrandredfor all kinds of scrap iron. Not lessthan 1,000 pounds. This material canbe weighed at any city scales. This Ito be relivered to the cars on the LouIsville & Nashville tracks, oppositthe freight depot.Call us over the Cumberland 'phon347-J.MAX MUNICH,' Eighth Street, Paris, Ky.(oct20-lyr)mmmmmmmmmm-" P-rtfI vC?(28qct-lmo)Geo. J). Speakes, Auctioneer.--Ju5-1v4V-'''Sa-FRIDAY, OCTOBER 19, 1917.THE BOURBON MBWS, PARIS KIiMOTSOCIAL 'AND PERSONAL. Un 1 1 i4titMH i m ! hm tmi lii 1 1 HiiiiilMlI HillV.The New 1918 MaxweflGives you all the room-all thecomfort all the conveniences andbeauty obtainable in any car sellingat $1200.And yet the operating economythe mechanical reliability theease of handling and the wonderfulpower that have produced suchmarvelous road and economy records in every section of the worldare net only maintained but augmented.YOU can SEE the VALUE in theMAXWELL at $745.yett7IWMSmtfbJL .".m . jfk, j, ,,i,V j; sTouring Cat $74$Romdaimr $745; Cttpc $1095: Beita $1095;SWan 109ff. All price f. o. 6. DetroitA V. DOUGLASHigh St., Near Eighth Paris, KentuckyComings and Goings of OurPeople Here, There anSElsewhere.Miss Margaret Lail is seriouslyill at her home in the county.Mrs. Ernest Martin is a guest offriends and relatives in Louisville.Miss Margaret Willis has asguest Miss Louise Kohlass, of Winchester. Mrs. Joseph Connell has returned from a visit to Mrs. James Maley,in Mason county.Miss Elizabeth Tarr has returned from a visit to Miss Lena MaeJones, in Winchester.Mrs. J. C. Elgin was a guest offriends and relatives in Lexingtonseveral days this week.Mr. and Mrs. Charles P. Mannhad as their guests this week Mr. andMrs. H. C. Mann, of Carlisle.Mrs. Thos. F. Brannon was aguest of relatives and friends inParis several days this week.Mrs. May Stoner Clay will leaveto-day for Kirksville, Mo., where shewill remain for an extended visit.Mrs. Nancy Edwards, of Richmond, is a guest of Mrs. Clyde Keller, and other relatives in this city.Maysville Independent: "Mrs.Arthur Wells, of Paris, is visiting herparents, Mr. and Mrs. E. S. Montgomery." Dr. Martha Petree left yesterday for Kirksville, Mo., where shewill take a special course in osteopathy. Miss Etha Wysong, of Wilmington, Ohio, is a guest of Miss MarthaWyatt, at her home on Sixteenthstreet.Mrs. J. Henry Butler left Wednesday for a visit to her daughter,Mrs. Merritt Schobe, in Salem, NewJersey.Miss Willie Childers, of NewYork City, is a guest of Mr. and Mrs.James Grinnell, Jr., at their home onSouth High street.Miss Mary Bradley and daughter, Miss Neva Bradley, have returned from a visit to relatives andriends in Maysville.Miss Charlotte Henry has returned to school duties at Georgetown College, after a visit to herparents, Dr. and Mrs. D. S. Henry.Mrs. Robert Mclntyre, of Paris,and Mrs. Reese Duff, of Lexington,are visiting their aunt, Mrs. Jos.Croker, in New Augusta, Arkansas.Judge Charles A. McMillan, willreturn to-day from Louisville, wherehe has been in attendance at themeeting: of the Kentucky Grand.Lodge of Masons. i oMr. and Mrs. W. K. Griffin andlittle daughter, Blanche, have returned from a- visit to Mrs. Griffinparents, Mr. and Mrs. A. H. More-head, in Earlington, Ky.Mrs. Amos Turney, Sr., Mrs. LewTaylor, Mrs. Duncan Bell and Mrs.Geo. R. Bell were guests of Mr. andMrs. Robert Goggin, at the HotelLancaster, in Georgetown, Tuesday.Mrs. Goggin will return to Paris onNov. 1 to assume management of theHotel Windsor.(Other Personals on Page 5.)feshlBOCTOBER A MONTH OP RELIGIOUSCONVENTIONS.M1JA Great, Timely Opportunity for Every Wom ! XThe Wopl Dress GoodsBargain SaleAt Wolf, Wile & Company'sIt Sounds Improbable and Contrary to the WellKnown Tendency to High Prices. A Statementin Full Accordance with the Facts.Woolen dress materials for men and ladies wear,owing to Government orders given to woolen manufacturers, the high price of raw wool, the increase in thecost of skilled labor, have been soaring skyward in valuesince the Fall Season of 1915. It is no exaggeration tostate that woolen materials have advanced averagely 80per cent, but a great many of the most desirable dressmaterials have risen 150 per cent above the cost in theSpring of 1916.This sudden increase in the cost of these materialshas been discouraging to the retail trade and in consequence woolen goods have not moved in the usual manner, leaving us somewhat heavily stocked in this particular department.We Are Going to Stimulate the Woolen DressGoods Business.We have assembled and are displaying for one weekfrom Monday, October 15th, on a Sales Counter, a collection of woolen dress materials, 48 to 54 inches in width,heavy, medium and light weight weaves, dark, mediumand evening shades, usable for dresses, suits, coats, skirts,dress waists, evening wraps and party costumes. Theprices up to this day on all these have been$2.00. to $4.00 per yard. Our offer for oneweek is, for your choice, per yardConduct of Sale.$1.50These offerings consist of single dress suit or skirtlengths, also larger pieces, of which any desirable quantity may be had.Every sale made out of this collection is absolute,there will be no sending on approval, or returning forexchange, money refunded or credit on account.We. anticipate an unprecedented rush for these bargains, therefore the purchases made by our customersmust be unconditional.NO SAMPLES WILL BE CUT.WOLF, WILE & m.LEXINGTON, KY.iiiiit'iMimiM'iiiiiiiiiimiiiniuniiiMnnmiTHEBeautiful - Gulf - Coast !The beautiful thing about the Gulf Coast, between New Orleans andPensacola, is that it is a real playground, summer or winter a playground for northern folk from November to May, and for the Southronsduring the summer months. You can't ask for much more of placid nature than has been expended on the Gulf littoral between New Orleansand Pensacola. There are pine woods, forests of live oaks, all moss hungand mysterious, long stretches of winding, shaded roads, woodlandpaths, quaint southern hamlets and modern resorts teeming with, gayetyand active life; lovely retreats where you can swing in a hammock all-day and drowse in the narcotic air. And there is the sparking water,the beach, the surf, boating, fishing anything and everything that callsfrom the salt waterside.Going South on the Louisville & Nashville Railroad, after you leaveMobile, it is impossible to escape the infection of joyous living, even ifyou wanted to do that. At every stop throngs of people are going andcoming youth and age alike, getting on or off the trains. Laughterand breezy, sunny, fragrant air greet you. It is moreover a place of sane,natural outdoor joys in surroundings of homely comfort or of luxuriousease, whichever you prefer. It is a locality of ancient and honorable traditions and the natives are descended from holders of the soil since thefirst days of the white settler. They make you welcome with a stately,Southern hospitality, and have put at your disposal the best their homeland affords. Every resort and every old plantation home is shaded byage-old ancestral oaks and grown over with trailing vines, roses andperennials; and they look out over the gulf waters, at the dancing waves,the scuddling sails, the beach and the surf. If you can't find happinessdown there in the golden sunshine and among the countless diversionsand attractions of that playground, don't go South in the Winter expecting to .find your "Promised Land," for you'll have only your trouble foryour pains. No choicer spot exists and greater comfort is not to befound. Tlie winter climate is ideal not uncomfortably warm, but moderate and bracing, putting snap and ginger into the system.Touring along the Gulf Coast is one of the "ways travelers take tofind their own particular choice and for this purpose the train serviceot the Louisville & Nashville Railroad is convenient. You can stop everywhere, beginning at Mobile, and stay a few hours, a few days or aslong as you wish. It is a fascinating vagabondage that will bring youeventually to the place of your untimate desire. You can, also, if youchoose, hip your motor car to Mobile and go in for regular touringalong the Gulf the road are all good and the country is fascinating inthe extreme. History lends its background of fact to a long list of interesting tradition and romantic legends concerning this locality, and the"atmosphere," while wholly American, has the foreign flavor in sufficient degree to give it diversity and variety. Topographically, the coastlies low and curving, rising gently toward the hinterland, which isforested with pines, broken in the clearing by rich and productivefarmland. The shore line is much indented, the numerous bays, "bayous," "soumds" and. lakes giving a seemingly endless and all-surroundingwaterscape: Lying off the shore Is a lfne of islands, forming the outerbulwark of Mississippi Sound, and fronting this are the resorts thathave been famous since pre-revolutionary days thetowns which beganfe of Frwwk colonies, begua ukier tfee brother 'eBitmrflle amd'd'IberTille. - '(tdvSOUR STOMACH.Eat slowly, masticate your foodthoroughly, abstain from meat for afew days and in most cases the sourstomach will disappear. If it doesnot, take one of Chamberlain's Tablets immediately after supper. Redmeats are most likely to cause sourstomach and you may find it best tocut them out.(adv-oct)When von Burnstorff said on theeve of his departure that he had afeeling he would never return he wassome prophet.Professional Cards.DR. WM. KENNEYEye, Ear, Nose rand Throat.ROOMS 403-404.FIRST NAT'L BANK BUILDING.PHONE 136.The calendar for this month willbe marked by several conventions ofgreat interest to religious workers invarious fields.Beginning to-day and continuingthrough Wednesday and Thursdaythe State Convention of the KentuckySundav School Association will beheld at Maysville. The committee incharge of the work at Maysville isworking in feverish haste and witha determination to make this meetingone of the most notable in the historyof the Association. Organizationplans have been completed, and withthe well-known energy and singleness of purpose which the Maysvillepeople put into everything they undertake, the committees are receivingthe undivided support of the people ofMaysville to make the occasion a suecess. Paris and Bourbon county willsend a large delegation to the meeting, representing all the Sundayschools in the city and county.The annual convention of the FifthDistrict Christian Endeavor will beheld in Winchester on Friday, Oct.19, and will continue three days.The district is composed of the counties of Montgomery, Clark, Bath, Estill. Moreran. Powell. Menefee andWolf. Extensive preparations havebeen made by the people of Winchester to entertain the delegates. Thesessions of the convention will beheld in the Winchester Christianchurch. An execellent program hasbeen arranged, on which a number of jnoted speakers are slated for addresses. fQ m HBREAKS A COLD INEEW HOURS TRY IT!The Name Tells a True StoryR M Bh SBh B ' H B b & & flR KV BWM. GRANNANAttoney-at-LiwROOMS 401-402.FIRST NATL BANK BUILDINGNOTICEThe best time to plant fruitand shade trees, blooming shrubs,rhubarb, asparagus, grapevines,roses, peonies, perennials, etc.,is in the FALL. .Get our largeillustrated catalog of everythingfor your Orchard, Lawn or Garden. Finest- stock grown anywhere. H.F.Hillenmeyer&Sons"First Dose v of Paw's Cold Com- ipound Relieves 'All "Grippe' "Misery.Don't stay stuffed up! 'Quit blowing and snuffing! Adose of 'Tape's Cold Compound" taken every two hours until three dosesare, taken will end grippe misery andbreak up a severe cold either in thehead, chest, body or limbs.It promptly opens clogged-upnostrils and air passages; stops nastydischarge or nose running; relievessick headache, dullness, feverishness,sore throat, sneezing, soreness andstiffness."Pape's Cold Compound" is thequickest, surest relief known andcosts only a few cents at drug stores.It acts without assistance, tastesnice, and causes-no inconvenience.Don't accept & substitute. . n(adv)Superior FeaturesDouble Run Positive Force GrainGrain Feeds.Sow all known seeds, both large and small.Adjustable Disc Wind ShieldsTake up wear. Prevent tiash from catching betweendisc and wheel.Both right and left ground wheels drive all the feeds.Conductor Tube Tops permit connection of grass seedspouts so grass seed can be sown in rows.Reducing Pletes for alfalfa, millet, flax, etc.Angle Steel Frame reinforced with I-Beam Steel Bed Rail.Hoppers of Large Carrying Capacity.Oscillating Drag Bar Heads(Single Disc only) give greatest clearance of trash.Disk Wheel and Sliding PinionFor change of quantity.Folding Safety .LeversTake up least room in storing.Two-Part Axle HangersNot necessary to strip axle in case of accidental breakage. 'I.Austria's volubility about peacewith no annexation and in iridemni-itiee si only aqualed by Germany'ssilence on the same subject.C.La um?fS-S. BALL GARAGECor. Fourth and Ploasant St, .Even Sowing Means,v ly , .i(THE BQURBON NBS,IAIUS, KY.J?,FRIDAY, OCTOBER-,lf, 1S17,t-XGEFOTXmmm'li1Vt 'P,itv.-rYou are personally invited to visitour New StoreWednesday and ThursdayOctober twenty-fourth and twenty-fifthFormal Openingwith a Pare Food DemonstrationLogan HowardCorner Fifth and Main StreetsH. J. HEINZBEACHNUT PACKING CO.NATIONAL BISCUIT COMAZOLA OIL CO.LOGANBERRY JUICE CO.o-rrrm Tm-rm -nsi-n nn nnn .-.- 1AGES.CLUB MEETINGS.Mrs. Frank P. Lowry was thegenial hostess to the members of theArt Club at its recent meeting,which was held at her home onStoner avenue. An interesting paperJT18 read by Miss Elizabeth Grimeson "Architecture," which was enjoyed by all. At the next meeting ofthe Club, to be held to-morrow (Saturday) afternoon at 2:30 o'clock,with Mrs. Lowry, the subject for discussion with be "Egyptian Architecture." Mrs. Fanniebelle Sutherland will lead the round table discussion on the subject. Mrs. John A.Bower will read a paper, "Along theBanks of the Nile," and Mrs. Roht.Meteer will read one of Shelley'sSonnetts.Mrs. Wm. G. Talbott presided atthe meeting of the Paris LiteraryClub held Wednesday afternoon inthe absence of the president, Mrs. W.6. Hinton, who' was in Louisville.Papers were read as follows: "Quebec's Eventful History," Miss Griffith; "The Quebec of the Present,"TVfiss Lilleston; Book Review, "TheSeats of the Mighty," Mrs. J. S. Wilson. At the conclusion of the program an appeal was made to themembers to buy Liberty Loan bonds."The Madonnas" was the subjectfor discussion at the meeting of theProgressive Culture Club, held Wednesday afternoon at the home of Mrs.Frank O'Neill. The following paperswere read: "Sistine and Madonnaof the Chair," Miss Bacon; "The Immaculate Conception," Mrs. W. Ed.Tucker; "Holy Night," Mrs. T. A.Hendricks.Wl Rl ttlSPECIAL PORONE WEEK.For one week only we will cleanlarge white fur sets for $1.50, anddark colored furs for $1.00.ELECTRIC DRY CLEANING CO.(5-tf)m ,SMALL BOYS HAPPY.The urchans are happy as larksnow, especially on Saturdays. Thereare loads of walnuts and hickorynuts in the woods this fall and thefrosts of the past few nights haveshaken them from the trees. Whenyou see a "kid" with hands stainedas if he had been using iodine vonthem, you can safely bet he has beenhulling walnuts. Nuts are used somuch in decorating and flavoring,especially in sandwiches and salads,and the announcement of theirabundance is a welcome one.. Mr. K. F. Daniel, formerly of Paris,through his attorneys, has filed asuit in the office of Circuit Clerk Wm.H. Webb against the Kentucky Traction & Terminal Compnay, askingfor damages amounting to $20,000for the death of his wife, who waskilled by one of the company's cars!in this city on August 9.Mr. Daniel and his children wereabsent from their home, being inLondon, Ky., attending the Laurelcoutny fair. Mrs. Daniel, who waseighty years old, had written them aletter, and was attempting to crossthe street in front of the residence,near Nineteenth street, to give theletter to a mail carrier. She wasstruck by a Paris and Lexington interurban car and killed instantly, herbody being frightfully mangled.Mr. Daniel is a wealthy lumberman.After the death of his wife, he disposed of his home and his businessinterests here and with his childrenmoved to London to reside.id hi ii " 'OCTOBER EVERYSTUDENT.The October number of Everystudent, the P. H. S. monthly publication, the first of the present schoolterm, is just off the press at THENEWS Job Rooms, and is, as usual, amost creditable publication, editorially and typographically.The October number was issuedunder many handicaps on the part ofthe business and editorial staff, butperseverence and patience finallyconquered.The table of contents in as follows: "The Mt. Sterling Game;""The Georgetown Game;" "The Lexington Game;" "Seniors Elect Officers;" "Americanism;" "How BobSaved the Class Honor," by LutieCrowe; "Football Schedule for1917; "High School Canning Club;""What Is a Laboring Man?" "Editorial Comment;" "Conservation;""Alumni;" Personals; Chapel Notes;Witticisms; "A Friend in Need Is aFriend Indeed," by Katherine Bro-phy.The last page is devoted to an appeal to the patriotism of the people,urging them to buy Liberty LoanBonds.Tfii !5s KaSELLS PARM.Mr. Jos. Perraut, of Cynthiana,through the C. T. Eales real estateagency of that city, has sold hisBourbon county farm, known as theJ. M. Scott farm, near Shawhan, toMr. Lee Houston, of Cynthiana. Thefarm contains 302 acres, and theprice paid was $150 an acre, makingan aggregate of $45,300. Mrs. Houston will get possession of the farm onMarch 1, 1918.b oLUE- GRASS - FA R- 'Xo Be Sold By Futlie AuctionIUallMIi ElUfi ESALE WILL BE HELD AT RESIDENCEON FARM A., KNOWN AS THE KErtRPLACEAT 10 O'CLOCK A. M., SHARPGEOBGKE A. BAIN, Auctioneer.7 Miles from Lexington onthe Newly AsphaltedlfaysvilleRoad- sr X.VV v &X-if "" fffr -! ' THESE FARMS AREA1 ( lRri' m PART OF THE FAM-I ft V I OUS ESTATE OF THE'J If "r & A , LATE JAMES B. HAG-I X -. ' 'V G'N AND ARE THEit I (2j '$&& r?i iM'S' :?M$ FIRST TO BE OFF-(7) J Ste 'l , 'ir ERED JO THE GEN-: i - . amemk "' C D V'veral public byA M s m&& A' AUCT,0N- . .J JJ, Imia , n S7I 9 P ' Vf&jtik t J Farm A. 100 42-100 acres 1 a brick residence? 2 42-atalI circulark r " - Jiorfie barn; X "Water system. All In blue rae sod exceptI f (7) S9JP& AcJ 3A- about 16 acres.I f , Z-- " Farm B, 173 89-100 acres 1 a ptuocfOttace; 2, 3. 4. 6 and , ten-I I stall horse barns;. 7 a cottage; X water system. All In blueJ I . ' -y : erass sod except about It acces.. Farm C, 10S 1-10 acres No InaproYements; all In blue grass; goodI v ' water.i i Farm D. 289 acres 1 7-roozn cottage; 2 a tobacco barn; 3 a brickm -f - (J)' dwelllnsr. All except about 49 acres In blue crass and wheat.J r v c Farm E. 159 8-10 acres 1 a 30-acre tobacco barn; 2 42-stall circu-v i lar horse barn; 3 7-reom cottage; X water system. . All invf I wheat and blue grass sodi . 'B 2 Farm F, 35 acres I an up-to-date abattoir and packing house.i 1 1 Something better tham you could imagine. All in blue grassJ f and wheat., r I (ft The order of sale will" be A, E, B, J, F, C. '-f..IWith the Idea ef Increasing food production, so essential to the needs of eu'r nation at this time, the undersigned purchased these fertile and uatilled farms from the late James -B. Kaggln's Sxecutors In ome tract of $2 acres, the smallest ,Kecurable.A caa be seen from the above cut. we hare divided this tract into SIX FARMS, rajtglns; in size from 35 to '28!acres, which puts this HAGGINIZED PROPERTY within the reach of the farmer who is unable to operate a large tract.These farms are on oe of the best turnpike roads in Kentucky. They are oa an lnterurban line, and about half aasle from Mulr Statiom on the L.&N. Railroad.The location of these farms is the best in the State. They are in the very heart of the far famed Blue Grasi'JUgMn. They are surrounded by many picturesque properties. Being on the i same, road, they are within a short distance2 the wonderful Green "Hills saansion; the famous Ulmendorf Dairy; Harry Payntf "Whitney's thoroughbred nursery; thbeautiful Lexingtoa Country Club and many other aotedvplaces. City water already has been piped to the ElmendorlDlryjJJla "Ue ,f PPerty. Electric light and poi?r is obtainable At the road.. TERMS Oae-UIrd cash, upom deUvery ef deed; balawaeAsh or in equallnstallment due im 1, 2, 3. 4, and 5 years,tFurcnasera tKiM. wnn interest at the rate ef r cent BeCvawium. payable smi-JMifUy. secured by lein on thpremty. Recent surreys by WllUasa A. Newssu and texanOMitlfti4 of the titles lnr W. T. gmith wiU be furnished Dur-eswsersjrree 1 okarge. For furtker smformattfji Usrsss:JdHAL. PRICE HEADLEY, WkejpuMsjeH y j,'.. i ..i... ir -psV mZis,ln9wmPtb. M. MAflinAUU f-VrVHJ. D. MelNTYRE,, MillfOIIMfjnKyr'IVSECRETAEY CONSTDEBIKG CALLING OUT DRAFTED MEN .Secretary Baker has indicated thata decision as to the examination andclassification of all remaining menregistered under the draft law mightbe reached within a few days. Congress eliminated from the urgent deficiency bill an appropriation for thiswork and it has been assumed thatthe project could not be carried out,at least until money was forthcoming at the next session in December.Mr. Baker also is considering aproposed change in the process of examining the men which has beenrecommended to him, the details ofwhich have not been announced.Discussing reports that severalbills proposing to change the draftages will be offered when Congressreassembles, the Secretary said thathe had not changed his opinion that16 to 26 was the best age limit formilitary service. He added, how-sver, that he was considering noamendment to. the pres'ent law.Tentative "plans for the seconddraft call worked out by ProvostMarshal General Crowder call for theestablishment of order of liability ofmen in regard to dependents andvalue for industrial work. Arrangedin tables those who are without particular industrial value and have nodependents would be tested in thefirst class; the second class would indicate those with distinct dependentsand so on down the list. The schemehas been submitted to a civilianboard and has been approved. It isnow being discussed by those civilians with the Governors of the various States.WIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIHIIIIIIIIIIII1IIIII1IIIIII11IIII4FRANK & COThe Reliable StoreGRASS WANTEDGrass for grazing about eightysheep from now until Feb. 1. Address or call onI. D. THOMPSON,Cum. Phone 628,(19-4t) Paris, Ky.Cars For Sale.BIG LINENEWCOATSJUSTRECEIVEDThree slightly-used cars in good ,good condition, with tires in firstclass shape. A bargain for cash.DICKERSON & DOUGLAS GARAGE.Auto Tire LostGoodrich make automobile tire,34x4, lost on Russell Cave pike, between Lexington and Paris. Rewardfor return of same to(19-2t) W. S. ISGRIGG.PRICES REASONABLECOME IN AND SEEFRANK C& CO.I Htf H !! H HH 1 1 II 1 1 1 I II III Mcot(0g50 -.:Mmmmmmmimtr&shWHEN YOUBUY A U.S.LIBERTY LOAN BOND g.Buy a Liberty BondLiberty is the foundation of our United States. To preservethat Liberty we are today at war.You cannot be neutral. You must be either FOR orAGAINST the United States. You are FOR this country; -showyour patriotism; show it in a practical way by BUY-ING A LIBERTY BOND NOW.$50 $ 1 00 $500 $ 1 ,000: 0R MORE ,They pay 4 per cent interest and are the best security in theworld. Every man, woman and child ought to buy one or -more of these Bonds.Come in you can buy a Bond on easy payments.; Farmers & Traders BankI First National BankPeoples Deposit Bank & Trust Co.Bourbon Bank & Trust Go.",l-t.j.'. - v. '- i,. -i3"'iFRIDAY, OCTOBER 19, 1917.THE BOURBON NEWS, PARIS, KY.PACTSOCIAL AND PERSONAL.tjFOR THE BESTNOTHING ELSEIrOR sale.Choice recleanedSeed Wheat, Rye andBarley; also TimothySeed. Get our pricesbefore buying.R. B. HUTCHCRAFT & CO.(oct2-6t)133 J2l 151WANTED.Old liens and roosters.(19-2t) HARRIS & DALE.THINGS TO WORRY ABOUTHenry Ford, millionaire manufacturere of the Ford automobiles, hastaken ten million dollars in LibertyLoan bonds. Five millions were taken for the Ford Motor Company, andfive millions for himself. And he'sstill making and selling automobiles!Ha isNOTICE TO THE PUBLIC.Comings and Goings of OurPeople Here, There andElsewhere.On account of the inability of several of the heirs to be present, thesale of the P. Nippert property, advertised for Nov. 3, will necessarilyhave to be postponed. Due notice ofthe date will be given through thepress.fe fe aPRICE'S SAUSAGE.Price's Pure Pork Sausage receiveddaily at our store. Cheaper than"bacon.(It) C. P. COOK & CO.- ?s EaWE KNOW HOW.When you have anything to sell inthe real estate line call on us.(16-6t) PARIS REALTY CO.OCTOBER 26, LIBERTY DAY.A proclamation calling for the observance of Liberty Day, October 26,will be issued by Governor Stanley.Although the Governor has no powerto designate the day as Liberty Day,he will call upon the people of theState to observe the day in organizedactivity.to m iiLAST DAY TO HLE PETITIONS.Under the fifteen-day limit nextMonday is the last day to file petitions for the coming Nevember election. The lists in this city andcounty are already full and it ishardly probable that there will beany new entries in the field againstthe local nominees.SUNDAY SCHOOL CONFERENCE.On next Sunday the Quarterly Conference of the Bourbon County Sunday Schools of the Christian churchwill be held at the Paris Christianchurch, beginning at ten o'clock.Among the speakers will be Wm.Kingsbury, of Louisville, who wasrecently elected State Superintendentto succeed Mr. Walter Frazee, whoresigned on account of ill health.IS toALL-WOOL MATERIALS ONLY.In our fall suits. This is of theutmost importance and interest atthis time when so much inferior merchandise is flooding the markets.(It) J. W. DAVIS & CO.to to toSEE US HRST.See us first when you have anykind of a deal in real estate. Weknow how to get results.(16-6t) PARIS REALTY CO.to to toTHE JACKSON TRIO AT THE ALAMO AND GRAND.The Jackson Trio, a musical organization of more than usual ability, isdelighting patrons of the AlamoTheatre and Paris Grand with excellent programs of instrumental selections. The trio is composed ofviolin, piano and violincello, each instrument being in the hands of anartist. The selections rendered havebeen both popular and classic with,a plentiful sprinkling of the ragtimemusic that sets the feet patting andthe fingers drumming in unison. TheJackson Trio will be a feature atthese amusement places for an indefinite period.-CONDUCTING SURGICAL DRESSING CLASS AT CYNTHIANA.Mrs. May Stoner Clay, who leftyesterday for Kirksville, Mo., to remain for some time for the benefit ofher health, has been, conducting asurgical diessiug class in Cynthiana.In her absence the work will be incharge of Miss Lucy Simms, of Paris.The Cynthiana Democrat says:"Miss Lucy Simms, of Paris, willgive the six new special dressings tothe instructors that graduated inMrs. Clay's class, on Saturday morning at ten o'clock in the surgicaldressings room at the city school.Mrs. Clay, Mrs. Taylor and MissSimms were here Tuesday afternooninspecting the dressings that havebeen finished by the present class.The Chapter supervisors, the instructors and the class were highly commended oa their beautiful work. 1is much..regretted that Mrs. Clay willnotbe itbie to comtlnue the work thiswinter, but on .account of her healthleft for -KirWille, Mo., Tbr-sday'Mrs. Robert. Langston and Mrs.Bishop Hibler are guests of Mr. andMrs. Alonzo Deaver, near Muir.Mr. and Mrs. Charles A. Webber,of Paris, were recent guests of Dr.and Mrs. W. E. Risque, near Midway. Miss Eugenia Fishback has returned to her studies at Midway College, after a short visit to hermother, Mrs. Ada Fishback, on Fif-'teenth street.Mrs. Thos. A. Higgins has returned from a visit to her nieces,Misses McLaughlin, on East Maxwellstreet, in Lexington.Among those from Paris who attneded the races at Latonia trackyesterday were Harry B. Clay, Chas.Peddicord, Dr. A. H. Keller and ClydeKeller.Mr. and Mrs. J. J. Veatch and(laughter, Mrs. Irene I saacs, leftWednesday for a week's visit to relatives and friends in their old home,Lebanon.Miss Lois Squires has resignedher position as cashier at L. Frank& Co.'s, and will take a position after November 1, in the North Middletown Deposit Bank.Mr. and Mrs. Logan Bryan, ofNorth Middletown, accompanied byMrs. J. P. Wheeler, of Carrolton,Assistant State Inspector of the RedCross Society, are guests this weekof Dr. and Mrs. A. B. Coons, inGeorgetown.Mr. and Mrs. Wm. Bryan, whosehandsome home at the corner of Cypress and Fifteenth streets was recently destroyed by fire, are temporarily located in one of Dr. F. P.Campbell's cottages, on High street.Mr. and Mrs. Paul Makel, recentweds, were given a miscellaneousshower at their home on High street,Monday night by a number offriends, who showered the youngcouple with many useful and ornamental articles. Mrs. Makel was formerly Miss Ethel Freeman.Mrs. W. L. Davis, who has beena guest of her sister, Mrs. John T.Hinton, for several weeks, left to-dayfor her home in Columbia, S. C, accompanied by her little granddaughter, Miss Margaret Brown Frost,daughter of Mrs. J. C. Frost, formerly Miss Mary Irvine Davis, of Paris.Cynthiana Democrat: "Mrs. R.L. Conway has returned home, afterseveral weeks' stay with friends in.Millersburg, North Middletown andCarlisle. .. .Messrs. Allie; Hardingand Henry LeVesque attended thefootball game at Millersburg, Tuesday, between M. M. I. and Mt. Sterling." Mrs; C. J. McLear is in Parissuperintending the packing .of herfurniture and household goods, preparatory to shipping to Owenton.where she has purchased a largehotel. Mrs. McLear has been spendin. most of her time in Owenton inthe past few years.Miss Ford Heath, of OklahomaCity, Okla., a sister of Mrs. MaymeFithian, was brought to the MassieMemorial Hospital, in Paris, Tuesday for treatment. Miss Heath hadbeen in Japan for some time as a missionary from the Episcopal church.Her illness is attributed to overworkand nervousness.Mr. and Mrs. Charles Stephens,of Stoner avenue, will, on next Monday, Oct. 22, celebrate their golden,wedding. Mr. Stephens and MissMary Miller were married on Oct. 22,1867. They have four children,Mrs. Woodford Spears, of Paris, Dr.Barclay Stephens, Dr. C. J. Stephensand Dr. John Miller Stephens, all residing in California. The happyevent will be celebrated at Mr.Stephen's home on Stoner avenue.Mr. A. P. Gilmour, of Lexington,representing the Kentucky Magazine,was a caller at THE NEW office Wednesday. Mr. Gilmour-was in Paris inthe interest of the magazine, whichis now published by a stock companyhaving headquarters in Louisville.Mr. Gilmour is a prominent attorneyof Lexington, but has been devotinga considerable portion of his time tothe Kentucky Magazine, which is oneof the best publications in the MiddleWest.(Other Personals on Page 3)U. D. C. kEETINQ.The regular meeting of RichardHawes Chapter, United Daughters ofConfederacy, will be held in the Confederate room in the county house, at2:30 o'clock to-morrow (Saturday)afternoon for transaction of important business.This meeting will be mainly forthe purpose of ' electing officers toserve for the coming term, but otherbusiness of importance will be transacted. Delegates who attended theDanville Convention will make a report of the proceedings.NOTICE TO ti-AS AND ELECTRICCONSUMERS.Owing to the extreme increase inall of our operating expenses it hasbecome imperative that we conserveevery resource if we continue tomaintain our present prices, whichwe hope to be able to do with yourassistance.Therefore, beginning with the billssent out Nov. 1st, the last discountday will be changed from the 15th ofthe month to the 10th of the monthand service will be discontinued onthe 20th of the month if account Isnot paid by that time.Yours respectfully,PARIS GAS & ELECTRIC CO.(Incorporated.)(octl6-2t)IS 15s 1&SEND HIM THE NEWS.The New York Dramatic News hasthe following regarding a formerMontgomery county girl who hasclose relatives in Paris and Bour-I bon county, where she has been afrequent and welcome guest:"Ida Hamilton, an intelligent andbrilliant actress, who appeared inIden Payne's repertoire company atthe Little Theatre, in Philadelphia,has returned to the stage after a twoyears' absence."TO ATTEND D. A. R. CONVENTIONPlans are being made by severalmembers of Jemima Johnson Chapter,D. A. R., to attend the twenty-firstKentucky Conference of the Daughters of the American Revolution,which will be held at the AltamontSprings Hotel, in Ft. Thomas, Ky.,on Oct. 24 and 25.The Keturah Moss Taylor Chapter,of Newport, will be the host Chapter. An interesting program hasbeen arranged and a sight-seeing tripthrough Newport, Covington andCincinnati, followed by a receptionat the Union Central Building, October 24, at 4 p. m., and a receptionWednesday evening at 9 o'clock, arethe diversions that are planned.Those from Paris who expect to attend are Mrs. Wm. G. Talbott, Mrs.Wade H. Whitley, Mrs. Virgil Gaitskill, Miss Elizabeth Grimes, MissRachel Wiggins, Miss Blanche Lilies-ton, and perhaps several others.to to to- HELPING THE LOAN.A monster Liberty Loan rally willbe held in Carlisle to-morrow to further the campaign in Nicholascounty. Judge Denis Dundon, '"ofParis, who has been giving his services to the cause, will be the principal speaker on this occasion.PYTHIAN SISTERS.'By order of the M. E. C., MrsAnna Mussinon, all members of thePythian Efisters, are requested tomeet in their Temple at 7:30 o'cloeX;this (Friday) evening. Work initiation will be put on and other business of importance transacted, j- .It will cost you three cents to senda letter after the first of November.It will cost you less than three centsa week to send THE BOURBONNEWS to your son in the army campand give him more news than youcould possibly crowd into a letter.Try it $2.00 a year $1.00 sixmonths 50 cents three months.to to toATTENTION, DEMOCRATS.Don't forget that you have nominated a ticket and will have to comeout in full force on the regular election day, Nov. 6, if you want themelected. Don't let old "GeneralApathy" cause you to lose any ofyour watchfulness. Be sure to be onthe job all the time.A RARE BARGAIN IF SOLD ATAT ONCE.If sold Friday, Saturday or Monday, I have a big bargain for someone either 8 or 11 matched solidmahogany Colonial dining roomchair, with best leather seats. Inperfect condition, having never beenused. These chairs are offered at abargain in order to keep from crating and shipping. Inquire for nameof owner atTHE BOURBON NEWS.(It) Both Phones 124.FORMER BOURBON ' FAVORITERETURNS TO THE STAGE.-------wpM-Hii-----a---------M-Don't be a hermit!Don't shut yourself up fromthe world's best music.Don't deny your family thepleasure of hearing the world'sgreatest singers.The World's greatest tenorsCaruso,Martinelli,McCormack,The world's greatest sopranosGalli-Gurci,Farar,Tettrazzini,The world's greatest baritonesWhitehill,Scott,The world's greatest contrrltosSchumann-Heink,Homer,sine jor the VICTOR Recordsexclusively.We have an immense stockand are constantly adding newrecords. Come in and hearthem in our new Victrola department second floor.iuauirnertvDros.Paris, KeitickyADVANCE FALL APPARELSuitsWaistsMillineryNOW DISPLAYING A COMPLETE LINE OF THENEWEST FALL HATSIn smartest styles of Silk Plush, Velour,Zibeline Plush and Velvet.Autumn SuitsIn Velouu, Broadcloth, Burilla and Poplins, displaying thesmartest of style features. Most moderately priced$20.00 to $75.00Autumn CoatsPlush, Silk Velour, Burilla and Broadcloth, in the fashion'slatest decree as to style and color$10.00 to $75.00Autumn DressesIn! Serges and Silks. The styles are most" charming inmany new colors and materials; moderate in price. Theyare the leading garments of the season$5.00 to $40.00Autumn WaistsIn Georgette, Crepe de Chene, Plain and Fancy Styles.Displaying the newest styls features$2.98 to $15.00SUMMER WASH SKIRTS SPECIAL!Smart, Pretty Styles in Fancy Materials, Prlcts from $5.00 to $12.50,AT HALF PRICE!HARRY SIMONOne Price To AllJoin Our McDougallin UR CI!We Have Only a Few Places Left !ei and $1.00 Per Week 44l Puts One In Your Home HAnd you get thebest Kitchen Cabinet made when youget theMcDougallAnd the McDougallis the only KitchenCabinet made thathas theAUTODISAPPEARINGFRONTJust a Few Places Left!Join the Club To-day!THEJ.T.HINT0KC0,MOTOR HEARSE jMQTOR INVALID jCOACft UNDERTAXW8w1. H' tj. u -v --HV " fJtTHE BOURBON NEWS, PARIS, EX-FRTOATOCTPOBral HIT,i-r1 "t ,AN OPERATIONAVERTEDIIIIIIIIIIJMMlllllll!III Ul JX- Essei 1 1 1 1 1I liiiiiiiLJn tBUPhiladelphia, Pa. "One year ago I-was very sick and I suffered with painsin my side and backuntil I nearly wentcrazy. I went todifferent doctors andthey all said I hadfemale trouble andwould not get anyrelief until I wouldbe operated on. Ihad suffered f orf ouryears before thiatime, but I kept getting worse the moremedicine I took. Every month since Iwas a young girl I had suffered withcramps in my sides at periods and waanever regular. I saw your advertisement in the newspaper and the pictureof a woman who had been saved from,an operation and this picture was impressed on my mind. JIhe doctor hadgiven me only two more days to makeup my mind so I sent my husband to thedrug store at once for a bottle of LydiaE. Pinkham's Vegetable Compound, andbelieve me, I soon noticed a change andwhen I had finished the third bottle Iwas cured and never felt better. I grantyou the privilege to publish my letterand am only too glad to let other womenknow of my cure. ' ' Mrs. Thos. McGoifICAL, 3432 Hartville Street, Phila., Pa,THE UBERTY LOAN PEIMERYou must be either for or againstthe soldier boys now marching to thetrenches in France. You must beeither for or against your 'country.There is no halfway station; no betwixt and between.Your dollar cannot be neutral.Uncle Sam needs your financialassistance. American success in thiswar depends upon our sending anarmy fully equipped, efficiently trained, amply supplied with, every requisite of the field. Every link in themilitary chain must be strong. Wedare not take chances.Germany's tremendous aggressiveness in this conflict has been madepossible only by the highest efficiencyin every detail. The Germans wereprepared at every point when theyloosed the dogs of war and senttheir armies hurling through Belgium on the way to Paris.Let's not send to France the prideof America's young manhood the boysfor whom in any other emergency wewould make any sacrifice, any whitless prepared.Take care of your loyalty to thearmy and your loyalty to the countrywill take care of itself.There are numerous ways of serving the Jiaiser. Ana wiinnoiamgyour support from the world at largein watching closely and expectantlyis by no means the least of these.You would bitterly and instantlyresent any other charge of disloyaltyto your country. But calmly thinsit over for a moment and you willget the point.You cannot afford, even unconsciously, to leave open this wee loophole for question.It will be far cheaper and moreself-satisfying to buy a Liberty bond.IS 1 la. , QUITE EFFICIENT.List()l(ifrtitftiittutlinf''l''tt''t''fK'l''nututftutuitHHitiMttwft'tanl,J v"- - ' " ,, - vV;wAiJm7w tx.dcHiUlttI i & ti$$m ;?!!!;!! FairIWW -T. ' " 'v,"if'jrIMMcefclV JHa?jK$fFair Treatment Wm'JjMtMMUfHlitfilMalfltbiHililMMMtiMMKentucky Made the FirstAir-Boiled SteelWMMMMNWHWIWIMHWM'.'IIMmH'nA '"""" M,,FIVE years before Bessemer began his pneumaticprocess of making steel, William Kelly in his furnaces at Cumberland turned forth an air-boiled steelused as boiler plate on river steamboats. The sametalent for doing things first has marked Goodrich's role in the rubber industry.Goodrich made the first rubber heel, the first rubber carriage tire, and scores ofother 'Firsts' among Goodrich's 4,000 different rubber products. The flowerof Goodrich products is Goodrich Tires.A HARD KNOCK.(Boston Transcript.)During the cross-examination of ayoung physician in a lawsuit theplaintiff's lawyer made disagreeableremarks about the witness' youth andInexperience. i"You claim to be acquainted withthe various symptoms attending concussion of the brain?" asked thelawyer. . .J "I do." '" '"We will take a concrete case,"continued the lawyer, "my learnedfriend, counsel for the defense, andmyself were to bang our heads together would we get concussion ofthe brain?"The young physician smiled. "Theprobabilities are," he replied, "thattke counsel for the defense would."'- - CROUP.If your children are subject to'croup get a bottle of Chamberlain'sCough Remedy, and when the attackcomes on be careful to follow tlXQplain printed. sUreQtfonjj "?5u will besurprised & the quick relief which Itanoras.(adv-oct)l&.v1-rwiw..-'n i ;,,.-If Laollette is seeking advertisinghe has succeeded in gaining only notorlety. , ," (Tit-Bits) '"""'American troops now landing inFrance have received a more carefuland prolonged training than couldpossibly be given to most of the regiments hurriedly raised during thepi'thi war Thft storv eoes that araw battalion of rough backwoodsmen who had "volunteered" oncejoined Gen. Grant. He admired theirfine physique, but distrusted the capacity of their uncouth commanderto handle troops promptly ftntf efficiently in the field, so he saidf"Colonel, I want to see your menat work. Call them to attention andorder theni to march with shouldered arms in close column to theleft flank."Without a moment's hesitation, theColonel yelled to his fellow-ruffians:"Boys, look wild thar! Make readyto thicken and go left endways! Toteyer guns! Git!"The maneuver proved a brilliantruccess, and the self-elected Colonelwas forthwith -officially eommis;sioned8 x X-fata'to" - "NEED MORE MEN FOR THE NAVJAn order has bee-f eceived in Lexington by Recruiting Officer Manegold, asking for more .men for thenavy. Machinists) cooks, apprenticeseamen and firemen are needed most.All recruits are to be sent immediately to the various stations, appren-'JllltUUllkv X - - ' . 1miww9MM Where You See This SignIff Goodrich Tires are StockedJt -BJf & MT -J(MAM MOTH jCAVE'AaGOODRICHBLACK SAFETY TREADSHave had their lasting "strength and allaround merit proved in the nation widetesting of Goodrich Test Car Fleets.Against the roughest roads of state andnation, these tires have demonstrated theperfection of Goodrich'UNBROKEN CUREtires. KAmerica's Testedassured by test.UNIT-MOLD,for fabricTHE B. F. GOODRICH COMPANYTHE CITY OF GOODRICH, AKRON, OHIOJXCakers also of the famous Silvertown Cord 7tAlii Your Dealer for Tbexa!Afnii rvrWHItiLt itkzSlf d Gver Some 1k WRIGUY5J Kecp your so,dier or S.-Jo- V sailor boy supplied, j) k Give him the lasting JlJoH k refreshment, the pro- !i JiM TJLsl tection against thirst. JI JVw the help to appetiteI Z1 J and dificstlon aWorded jJwt ii Its an outstanding jII W " tbe British Army ft"SflHii ' .AFTER EUERY MEAL "rv-- Hf- J' 't9iimttW fMttMiHf44Hiiiti.f " "tUft' 9'tW'tM9'Mr9tWttMiWHMH0totiWtMiiwuu4Xh4WttotiHWttWMtoW0MJBest in the Loner Run"MaM............rrtrff.rrernnnrtfnftmtrrtMfrrnnnrwmifltmmtice seamen and firemen to the GreatLakes, other enlistments to be sent toNorfolk and telegraph and wirelessoperators to he sent to New YorkCity,4- circular letter was also receivedstating that a recruit who has servedseveral months in the navy can takeexaminations for becoming an ensign,without the usual course at Annapolis. This Is a new advantage offeredto ther seamen and is expected to bemet with increased enthusiasm in enlistment since it enables a non-commissionedman to get a comm-after showing aptitude for the requirements of the nav,weAS6ASI!fS" BEST IFHEADACHY, BILIOUS,SICK, CONSTIPATEDBest For liver and Bowels, BadBreath, Bad Colds, SourStomach.CHAMBERLAIN'S COUGH REMEDYTHE M03T RELIABLE.Get a 10-cent box.Sick headache, biliousness, coatedtongue, head and nose clogged upwith a cold always trace this to torpid liver; delayed, fermenting foodin the bowels, or sour, gassystomach.Poisonous matter clogged in theintestines, instead of being cast outof the system is re-absorbed intothe blood. When this poison reachesthe delicate brain tissus it causes congestion and that dull, throbbing,sickening headache.Cascarets immediately cleanse thestomach, remove the sour, undigested food and foul gases, take the excess bile from the liver and carryout all the constipated waste matter and poisons in the bowels.A Cascaret to-night will surelystraighten you out by morning. Theywork while you sleep a 10-cent boxfrom your druggist means your head.clear, stomach sweet, breath right,complexion rosy and your liver andbowels regular for months. (adv)VERY HUMAN PROVERBS.(Washington Star.)Replying to a toast on China'sstand against Germany, Chinese Consul Moy Hin said in Portland:"When I desire to make an American better acquainted with the Chinese I quote soma, of our Chineseproverbs for him. These proverbshow that we like you, can see oneanother's fault and laugh at them."Our temperance proverbs are rather good. There's one, "It is not winethat makes a man drunk; it is theman himself.' And another, 'A redposed man may be a tee-totaler, butnobody will believe it.'"We have a feminine proverb, 'Aman thinks he knows, but a womanknows better!'"After many years' experience inthe use of it and other medicfites,there are many who prefer Chamberlain's to any other. Mrs. A. C. Kirstein, Greenville, Ills., writes: "Chamberlain's Cough Remedy has been!used in my mother's home and' minefor years, and we always found it aquick cure for colds and bronchialtroubles. We find it to be the mostreliable cough medicine we have'ed." . -3&rx. iw" "Tfaj'ri-riwEr- : -:A.-total(adv-oct)Just as the roasting ears time"passes us by chestnuts await the flre;but you can roast the Kaiser at all',seasons. IH6WSTHIS?We offer One Hundred Dollars Re-Iward for any case' 'of Catarrh thatcannot be cured by Hall's CatarrhMedicine,.' 4Hall's Catarrh' Medicine has beentaken by catarrh sufferers for thepast thirty-five years, and has become known as the most reliableremedy for Catarrh. Hall's CatarrhMedicines acts through the blood onthe mucous surfaces, expelling thepoison from the blood and healing thediseased portions.After you have taken Hall's Catarrh Medicine for a short time youwill see a great improvement in yourgeneral health. Start taking Hall'sCatarrh Medicine at once and get ridof catarrh. Send for testimonials,F. J. CHENEY & CO.,' Toledo, Ohio. -Sold by all Druggists, 75c. 'i-I u. ,. . - , (adr-oct)Plentyir --im.. K'lJ .s?.2HeAiwmSsvmmamzw rIKtMCOALf .im xzti .iJJ -srbody for fabric J'Tires" mean service yn Pi.lZkA Ski -irsSWUMaMiiWDr. Wm. Riley franklinOPTOMETRISTNew Offices Now Open520 Main Street(Wstrn Union Old Stand)Eyas Examined, Glasses FittedGENERAL OPTICAL WORKAll new Modern Appliances For Proper Refracting tf EyesJust InsUlltd.Prices reasonable and consistent with first-class work,public is cordially invited to visit these new parlors.CONSULTATION FREE!TheTHERE'S a heap of joyin a ton of good coal.Your stove or furnacewon't have much troublefrom extracting ' comfortfrom a ton of coal if youbuy it from us. Our rapiddelivery will please you.W. C. D0DS0NSouth Main St.The Home of Good CoalG. W. DAVISfuneral DirectorCorner Fifth and Pleasant Streets, Paris. Ky.Day Phones 137 Night Phones 299 or 999Automobile Ambulance Automobile HearseUndertaking- Our Winton-Six Automobile Ambulance with Johnson &Johnson First Aid Equipment and the Lungmotor (recentlysecured by us at great expense) a resuscitating device forthose apparently dead from drowning, gas poisoning, electricshock collapse from anaesthasia, etc., always ready for service DAY OR NIGHT. Phone us immediately when aaaccident occurs.ECONOMYREALMeans Buy Your Winter Sugplyof Necessary Clothing: Now:When the time comes v for us o replenish our stockyprices will be greatly advanced. Present prices n .Men's and Boys' Suits, Overcoats, Underwear, Shoes,,Etc., are very reasonable at our store..LET US HELP YOU SAVE!Twin Bros. Clothing and Shoe Otfotiw:i619' Main Sfrttt, Paris Ky.WtttivtaMllto'- r ,y fmmzzw Qjilt'stj5ff "4NRHk 9HMM5 IFRIDAY, OCTOBER IS, 1917.HE BOURBON NEWS,, PARIS. KY.iAmmV ."lllIWMI"MlMMIMl,'"MWMMiMMMWEWWWiMMMWWliiVSS. SMITH RECOIOCEHDS CHAM.SEELAIirS TABLETS.i' "I have had more or less stomachtrouble for eight or ten years," writeJtfrs. G H Smitn Brewerton, ny.?rVHien suffering from attacks of Indigestion and heaviness after eating,one or two of Chamberlain's Tabletsfcave always relieved me. I have alsofound them a pleasant laxative."jTnese tablets tone up the stomach2nd enable it to perform its functionsnaturally. If you are troubled withindigestion give them a trial, get welland stay well.(adv-oct)An OrdinanceHEW METHOD OF POSTAL DISTRIBUTION IS STARTED.N ORDINANCE SUBMITTING TOTHE VOTERS OF THE CITY OFPA5IS, KENTUCKY, THE QUESTION OF A BOND ISSUE OF$20,000.00 TO CONSTRUCT ASEWER EXTENDING FROM STOKER AVENUE THROUGH THEEASTERN PORTION OF THECITY TO OR NEAR TWENTIETHSTREET AND SOUTH MAINSTREET.Following an order which , wasissued recently by Postmaster-GeneralBurleson, and which was madepossible by an act of Congress lastMarch, the Paris postoffice, named asa central station for Bourbon county,,has already begun distributingstamps and other postal supplies tothe smaller stations of the county,necessary to meet the demands of anI ever increasing public.Instead of sending their requisitions to the Postoffice Department atI Washington, the stations at Millers-burg and other Bourbon countytowns now order directly from theParis office. This not only hastensthe delivery of stamps, postal cards,envelopes, etc., which are often badlyneeded when the requisition is mailed, but promotes economy, inasmuchas the work of auditing the accountsof the thousands of stations in thecountry, formerly done by a force ofI bookkeepers and clerks at Washington, is now handled by the clericalforces of the several central stations.The order has been put into effectfto lessen the duties of the overworked Washington office in sendingout to stations additional suppliesthat will be needed in the heavyChristmas rush.CITY HALL, PARIS, KY.,October 11, 1917.Be it enacted by the Mayor andHoard of Council of the City of Paristhat an election be, and the same isJiereby, called and ordered to be heldon the 6th day of November, 1917,being the regular election day, andthat at said election there be submitted to the qualified electors of theCity of Paris, the following proposition: "Are you in favor of issuing bondsin the sum of $20,000.00 to be paidby levies from time to time to meetthe bonds and interest thereon forpurpose of constructing a sewer beginning at Stoner Avenue and running through the eastern part of thecity to Twentieth Street and SouthMain Street?"It is further ordered that saidbonds, if authorized to be issued,shall mature at intervals to be hereafter determined, but none of saidbonds are to mature at a later datethan 20 years after the date of issue,and that there shall be raised annually by taxation for said purpose thesum of $2,000.00, or such part thereof as may be necessary for an interest and sinking fund for the purposeol paying the interest on said bondsr.nd redeeming said bonds at theirmaturity. Said bonds shall be issuedproviding for the payment of interest theron at the rate of not moreThan 5 per annum.At the election herein ordered thequalified voters of the City of Paris,TCentucky, shall have the right tovote, and a tax proposed to be leviedior the purpose aforesaid shall belevied upon all property in the Cityof Paris subject to levy for generalpurposes.The City Clerk shall give notice ofthe election above provided for bypublishing a notice thereof in a newspaper having a general circulation inThe City of Paris, Kentucky, for atleast two weeks prior to said 'election. Said notice shall specify theamount of indebtedness proposed to1e incurred and the purpose of thesame and the amount necessary to beraised annually by taxation, for aninterest and sinking fund as abovej-et out.The City Clerk will furnish to theClerk of Bourbon County a certifiedcopy of this ordinance and he willlikewise furnish to the Sheriff ofBourbon County a copy of this ordinance within ten days after its passage, and said Clerk and Sheriff arecirected to do and to perform everything required b'y law in conductingj-aid election and in the preservationt the returns and the canvassing andcertification of the vote.It is further directed that theBoard of Education Commissioners ofBourbon County shall canvass the returns of said election and certify theresults, and they will deliver a copyof the certification to the Board ofCouncil of the City of Paris.J. T. HINTON, Mayor.Attest:J. W. HAYDEX, Clerk.GIRLS! GIRLS! TRY IT!STOP DANDRUFF ANDBEAUTIFY YOUR HAIRHair Stops Falling Out and GetsThick, Wavy, Strong andBeautiful.Your hair becomes light, wavy,fluffy, abundant and appears as soft,'lustrous and beautiful as a younggirl's after a "Danderine haircleanse." Just try this moisten acloth with a little Danderine andcarefully draw it through your hair,taking one small strand at a time.This will cleanse the hair of dust,dirt and excessive oil and in just afew moments you have doubled thebeauty of your hair.Besides beautifying the hair atonce, Danderine dissolves every particle of dandruff; clanses, purifiesand invigorates the scalp, foreverstopping itching and falling hair.But what will please you mostwill be after a few weeks' use whenyou will actually see new hair fineand downy at first yes but reallynew hair growing all over the scalp.If you care for pretty, soft hair andlots of it, surely get a small bottleof Knowlton's Danderine from anydruggist or toilet counter for a fewcents. (adv)81 181 teTHE BLACK HILLS.The Black Hills of the Dakotas arein many ways our most beautiful bitof scenery. Lacking the grandeur ofisolated loveliness which gives themthe charm of the place cut off andsecluded the charm that belongs tolonely islands and to the little townsof the northern wilderness. The BlackHills are a mountain islet in a seaoi plain. They have the streams, theforests and the storms of the Rockies,and in their Bad Lands they have thetantasic, wind-cavern buttes andmesas of the Painted Desert and theGrand Canyon. Also, nowadays theyhave auto roads.The Black Hills have always beenpomething more than earthly mountains. The aura of savage superstition hangs round them still. Thereis something rather unearthly even tothe most cynical civilized intellect inthe shimmering beauty of the canyons, in the mad tangle of fantastically carved cliffs .and gullies of theBad Lands, in the sudden furiousmountain storms. The Black Hillsare the home of the Red Gods. Onegreat butte the Indians pointed outas the platform whence their GreatSpirit spoke to his people the Sinaiof the Dakotas.The Indians were commanded tokeep away from the inner valleys ofthe Black Hills, and they followed themandate in all reverence. The hillswere never used in tribal war; thedeer and the bear that lived in theirJ fastnesses were safe from spear andj arrow. More than that, when thewhite men found gold in the BlackHills and swarmed over the sacredground, the Indians fought and diedby hundreds to prevent the desecration. Nowadays the red men have out-MMThe Bourbon LaundryDWIS & FUNK, Props.Telephone No. 4. West 5 Streetj.' I TOpyiV fostBeaCarintozm SffAv , i . - I j'I 5 .1V Jt I AHINK what a splendid thing it would be if "TheMost Beautiful Car in America" were standing infront of your house. Think of the endless pleasureit would bring to vou your friends and everymember of the family.Why not make this 'dream come true.The Paige "Six'39" costs only $1330. It would be impos'sible to invest this amount of money to any betteradvantage. It would mean immediate dividends in theform of health and happiness for your loved ones.Think it over and see the Paige Dealer today. A singledemonstration will convince you" that a Paige is thecar of your choice.The Linwood "Six-39" 5-passenser, S1330Essex "Six-55" 7-passenger $1775; Coupe "Six-55 4-passenge- 5285C:Town Car "Six-55" 7-passenger $3230, Limousine "Six-55" 7-passer.ger$3230;Scdan "Si-55" 7-passenger $285 OiBrooklands 4-passer.ger $ !79? :Glendale "Six-39" Chummy Roadster $1330: Dartmoor "S:x-39' 2 cr 3passenger $ 1330; Sedan "Six-39" 5-passenger $1925 Prices f o b.De:rcit.PAIGE-DETROIT MOTOR CAR COMPANY, DETROIT, MICHr. P. WHITEWith DIckeraonflbDouglasGarage, 4th and KTiEfci Sta.l ariaSERVICE STATIONs?uvg8-nanfeMr;tfili i4priirI)!Ij!rj(43) y rgrown the old reverence to all appearances, and they watch the twinsixes spin their blue trail of gasolinevapor over the new roads withoutany visible emotion.Ka tei !E3 'Satisfaction is OurWatchwordWith all the latest improvements in laundryappliances and experthelpers we are preparedto do work inferinV in. . -i .. ,TT "VSEsn- - -J " nOIie' anQ S011clt yOUr2J patronage.2DT jsJ LBourbon Laundry,Paris Kentucky.ESTIMATE OP THE WORLD'SWHEAT CROP.The world's wheat crop this yearfor the principal countries whichhave reported, including the UnitedStates, is 1,665,489,000 bushels, anincrease of 1,665,489,000 bushels, anincrease of 3.3 per cent, over 1916,according to reports from the International Institute of Agriculture atRome, made public recently by theDepartment of Agriculture.. The world's barley crop is 464,289,000 bushels, an increase of 2.4per cent: the rye crop, 89,950,000bushels, an increase of 10.7 per cent; !Uie oats crop, 1,995,504,000 bushels,an increase of 19.9 per cent; the corncrop, 3,273,996,000 bushels, an increase of 25.3 per cent.Algeria, the latest country to report, shows wheat production of 29,715,000 bushels, an increase of 1.9per cent, over last year. Her oatscrop is 18,946,000 bushels, an increase of 44.2 per cent., and her barley crop, 33,208,000 bushels, a decrease of 7.7 per cent.HARNESS THE STREAMSOf the 60,700,000 horsepower ofwater power in the United States,all but 5,300,000 horsepower is running to waste. The water is at present locked up against utilization bythe laws of governing the forest reserves, the general public domainand the navigable streams. Congressmen have not hesitated to advocate higher rates on mail matterof the second class, but have notfound time to open up these waterpowers so that print paper can bemade cheaper for the publishers. Ithas been estimated by Secretary ofAgriculture Houston that there isenough timber going to waste in theforest reserves and on cut-over landsto supply wood pulp indefinitely, ifthe question of its manufacture bywater power could be solved. Threebills now pending in Congress theShields bill, the Walih bill and theSmall bill are designed to releasethe water power to private development in the three fields mentioned.Apparently, however, it is easier topass billion dollar appropriations,issue bonds and impose direct taxeson "war profits" than to harnessthe waters to useful purpose.i.. -Aii IMf.)WT. W. SPICERj Natural Gas Fitting5 Plumbing and HeatingsA Full Line of Gas Stoves andRangesPut in Your Stoves Now Before the Fall RushMain Street, Opposite Court MouseBOTH PHONESmi&-AIf is the'heightdf Recoilfemylto wear Rengo Belt,'corsets theyllastCf.syYrAiRengdBeltFeatureff(Most 7 reducing corsetshaveAtheir?styl.eTlines!onlywheri'.they arenewiRengo Belt corsets retainjtheirlinesuntilhey arewornout,rt and greatestcomfort v comes after, theIfirstweaiv. iThisfsjtHe'reasonwhytRengo Belt corsets;have gathered newHadmirers each yeacuntil"K jthey4hare..becomeJamQUSL.Economical .SatisfyingMost ComfortableKo Woman-asks more some have"fbundaH tfiiAnmpre'-rmostly they xare. women whoweaxRenga..Beltcoricts)Models for every "figure somewith 'stedastic'webbinglfor greater ftcedom-alLwith double watchringJJQjQfTor Sale ByFrank & Co.Prices $2.00, $3.00, $5.00CAHAL BROS.BARBER SHOPPrompt and Courteous ' Attention to- ' Patrons.vdus, tired; Worried or despondent it isfsure sign you needHOTT'S NERVElINrPILLS; They renew the normal yo?aatmake life worth living. BcMtrewejiipiftfeMott's Nerrerine PUW '&3LWM.UAM1 ISP(cO ,r..h!thmi. Ofcir'V. - V5,..i -.vH'HOr'AKD COLD BATHS.- . QERDORFIIliJTIW-$g&? '" -.i1j,&xSil:2 3tisrap-FRIDAY, OCTOBER If, !task mamasNEWS, PAMS, KY.uillIiComingAttractionsFRIDAYBESSIE BARRISCALEin Triangle Play"Bawbs O'BlueifFamous Comedians inTriangle Comedy"Perils ofthe Bakery"Hearst Pathe WeeklyNo. 79.B. F. KEITH'S VAUDEVILLE TRIOPRICES-Alamo 10c to All; Paris Grand 10c and 15c.Alamo 2 to S:30? Rarls Grand 7 to 1Q;3QMILLERSBURGWANTED. To rent a goodfarm with from 20 to 30 acres oftobacco land; 40 to 45 acres cornland; good house on same; pastureland for milk cows and work stock;are prepared to cultivate a farm ofthese requirements, having all thenecessary machinery to work same.For further particulars, call on oraddress,J. W. PURCELIi & SONS,Blue Lick Springs, Nicholas Co., Ky.(12-2t)Sa laMATRIMONIAL.A marriage license was issuedWednesday from the 'office of CountyClerk Pearce Paton to Mr. ForrestDay and Miss Anna L. Dotson, bothof Bourbon county.HON FITZGERALD.Mr. Charles Fitzgerald, twentytwo, of Bourbon county, and MissMina Lou Hon, seventeen, of Irvine,secured marriage license from theClark County Clerk, Tuesday, andwere married in the court house atWinchester, by County Judge Evans.NICKELL TUNE.Mr. Leonard H. Tune, of Bourbon county, and Miss Grace LeaunisNiclkll, of Clark county, were married Wednesday afternoon at threeo'clock at the home of the officiatingminister, Rev. J. H. McNeill, in Winchester. The bride is the daughter of Mrand Mrs. J. T. Nickell, of Clarkcounty, and the groom is a son ofMr. and Mrs. Thomas Tune, of Bourdon county, formerly of Nicholascounty, and is a prominent youngfarmer residing near Paris. They-will make their home on the groom sfarm near Paris.m m mWED IN" TUNNEL.Conductor Everett Peterson, ofParis, who has the passenger runon the Louisville & Nashville fromParis to Maysville, had a very uniqueexperience on his train the other day,in the way of a wedding celebratedin a tunnel.Conductor Peterson had as passengers on his train from Paris to Maysville three colored people, WilliamAnderson, Emma Wilson and Rev. E.L Hathaway. At Pleasant Valleythe minister asked Conductor Peterson to run very slowly through thetunnel just this side of that place,stating that Anderson and the Wilson girl wanted to get married in thetunnel, and that he was going to perform the ceremony. Mr. Peterson,who is one of the kindest and mostaccommodating men on the road,readily consented. Two drummerswere called as witnesses, and the colored minister tied the nuptial knotuniting the dusky lovers as the trainslowly steamed through the big tun-ne jMr. Peterson says he has been apassenger conductor on the Louisville.& Nashville for a period of about tenyears and that in that time therenave been four weddings and fourdeaths on his train.gj 9l J3 -BANK DIRECTORS LOSE CLAIMAGAINST ESTATEBy a decision rendered in the golen, Caywood & McClintock, McUnited States District Court, Tues- Intyre & McClintock and Clark &day, by Judge Cochran, the ruling Young, of Paris,was upheld of the Referee in Bank-' John M. Brennan and tenant,ruptcy in deciding that the directors t Mr. Wm. Kissick, sold to Abnee &.of the defunct George Alexander feiMussinon, 40,000 or more, pounds ofCo. State Bank did not have a prov- j tobacco, to be delivered at Paris, athip r.laim against the estate of Mr. $26.50 per hundred pounds. TheR. B. Hutchcraft, one of the formerdirectors of the bank, but who went;into bankruptcy shortly after thefailure of the Alexander Bank.The Referee also declined to hold'iitf further the distribution of theHutchcraft estate, or until the liabilities of the directors of the bank befixed, there being a number of suitspending against them by the Banking Commissioner.The decision will mean the distribution of about $30,000 among thecreditors of Mr. Hutchcraft, unlessthe directors appeal from the decision of Judge Cochran.PIS GRAND AND AHOSATURDAY.Mary Anderson and Alfred Whitman in"Sunlight's Last Raid"Vitagraph Blue Ribbon feature.L-KO comedians in "Surf Scandal,"comedy in two parts. Also AnimatedWeekly News.MONDAYLouise Huff and Jack Pickford incomedy drama,"FRECKLES"From the book by Gene StrattonPorter, a Lasky production.Paramount Pictograph with Bray'sCartoons, and a Klever Kdmedy.DEATHS.MONROE.Mrs. Nancy Monroe, aged seventy-eight,died at the home of herson, Mr. Frank Crowe, near Winches, Tuesday morning, after a shortillness. Besides her' son, she is survived by two daughters, Mrs. LillieStevens, of Bourbon county, and MissFrankie Crowe, of Winchester, Indiana. Funeral services were held atthe grave in the Crowe buryingground, near Winchester, on Wednesday. MITCHELL.The funeral of Mr. Charles L.Mitchell, aged sixty-two, who died atthe St. Charles Hotel, in Paris, atfive o'clock Wednesday morning, washeld at the hotel yesterday afternoonat two o'clock, with services conducted by Rev. W. E. Ellis, pastor of theParis Christian church. The bodywas taken to Millersburg, his formerhome, for interment in the Millersburg Cemetery.Mr. Miechell's death was due to astroke of apoplexy, which he sustained Sunday evening while seated in achair in his room at the hotel reading a paper. He fell to the floor inan unconscious condition, and neverregained consciusness.Mr. Mitchell's death was due to aed from Millersburg, where they hadresided for many years, to Paris,about two years ago, and leased theHoward building on Main street, nowoccupied by the Crosdale Cafe. Fromthere they moved to the St. CharlesHotel property, where they havebuilt up a good business.Mr. Mitcrell and his family movson, Mr. Carl Mitchell, who has justreturned from Canada, where he hadbeen employed on the E. F. Spears& Sons' ranche; his aged father,Mr. George Mitchell, of Millersburgand Spears' Mill; one sister, Mrs.Ella Lancaster, of Covington; fourbrothers, Edward, Russell and Morton Mitchell, of Millersburg, andFrank Mitchell, of the Spears Millneighborhood.Mr. Mitchell was a quiet, easyspoken man, one who never intrudedhimself upon any circle, but who wasknown in his own home as a man ofjust principles and integrity.1Q la ISBIRTHS.To the wife of Mr. Larkin Watson, of Ninetenth street,, formerlyMiss Lula Martin, of Winchester, adaughter; first born.IS Ifia IB;STOCK, CROP, ETC.Mr. James H. Thompson, of nearParis, purchased of Mr. John H. Marr50 head of extra good two-year-oldcattle at a private price.About 8,000 cattle were on theMt. Sterling market Monday. Someextra good 900 pounds steers sold ashigh as 9 cents the pound. Thebulk of the sales was at 8 cents;heifers, 64 cents; good cows, 6cents; bulls, 7 cents. Among thebuyers were R. H. Wills, Hense Mar-crop will bring the sellers a total of$11,000.Mr. John H. Marr, of Bourbon,sold his prize pair of match mules,prize winners at all the fairs thisseason, to Shelby county parties fora private price.Chicago has not only deleted theKaiser from its school books, but itwill have no German opera. But itsticks to Mayor Thompson.If we can both bust up the Kaiserand the I. W. W. at the same time,we'll have done something. .a.a.a.a..aa.a aa' a ARELIGIOUS. ;The Endeavor Society of thePresbyterian church will meet Sunday evening at 6:30 in the courthouse. The subject will be, "Putting Religion Into Politics." Leader,Henry Fisher.The Pastor's Aid Society of thePresbyterian church will have an allday sewing in the county court roomin the court house on next Tuesday,Oct. 23. All the members are requested to be present.First Baptist Church; Rev. R. C.Goldsmith, pastor. The pastor willpreach at both morning and eveningservices. Morning subject, "ThePrayer Life," evening subject,"God's Plan." Sunday school at9:30. MThe annual meeting of the StateBaptist Sunday School Associationwill be held at Morehead, Friday,Saturday and Sunday of this week.An interesting program has been prepared. A number of delegates fromthe Baptist Sunday schools of thiscounty will be in attendance.Marshall A. Hudson, founder ofthe Baracca Movement, and presidentthe World Wide Baraca and Philathea Union, will speak at the Baptist church, Monday evening, Oct.22, at 7:30 o'clock. Mr. Hudson isa man of national reputation, andthe people of Paris are to be congratulated upon this opportunitythus afforded them. The Baraca Classof the Baptist Church has seized theopportunity and expects to have arally at the church. Everbody invited to be present, especially the otherBaraca classes of the city. No admission is charged.isa ISLEBANON GETS NEXT SESSIONSEASTERN STAR.After a warm fight, Lebanon, Marion county, was named as the nextmeeting place of the State GrandChapter of the Eastern Star, whichclosed its meeting at Whitesburg.Mrs. M. J. Diecks, of Louisville, wasnamed as worthy grand matron andMrs. W. M. Mathew, Bolwing Green,associate worthy grand matron, Mrs.Diecks will preside over the 1918meeting. Louisville and Lexingtondelegates left over a special L. & N.train for their return trip.xTO TAX PAYERSTax receipts of thecity for 1917 are nowin the hands of CityCollector ClarenceThomas, at the Peoples Deposit Bank.Call and pay themnow.J. T; HINTON,(auglO-tf) Mayor.NOTICE!Notice is hereby given that theBoard of Council of the Qity of Paris,Kentucky, by ordinance passed at thelegular meeting of said Council, onthe 11th day of October, 1917, approved by the Mayor, called and ordered an election to be held on thenext regular election day, being November 6th, 1917, for the purpose ofsubmitting to the qualified voters ofthe City of Paris, Kentucky, thequestion:"Are you in favor of adopting andapproving the contract between theCity of Paris, and the Paris WaterCompany, covering a period of twenty years, beginning on the first dayof January, 1917, and ending on thefirst day of January, 1937, as published in the Kentuckian-Citizen, October 13th, 1917?"The amount of indebtedness proposed to be incurred is $3,d00 a yearor more, as per contract, to pay theannual sums due on said contractto the Paris Water Company, andthe amount of money necessary to beraised annually by taxation to meetsaid indebtedness is $3,000 a year ormore, as per terms of said contract.J. W. HAYDEN,City Clerk Paris, Kentucky.(19-lt)NOTICE!Notice is hereby given that theBoard of Council of the City of Paris,Kentucky, by ordinance passed at theregular meeting of said Council, onthe 11th day of October, 1917, approved by the Mayor, called and ordered an election to be held on thenext regular election day, being November 6th, 1917, for the purpose ofsubmitting to the qualified voters ofthe City of Paris, Kentucky, thequestion:"Are you in favor of issuing bondsin the sum of $20,000 to be paid bylevies from time to time to meet thebonds and interest thereon for thepurpose of constructing a sewer, beginning at Stoner Avenue, and running through the eastern part of thecity to Twentieth Street and SouthMain Street?"The amount of indebtedness to bethus incurred is $20,000, representedby bonds to be issued by the City ofParis, the proceeds of which are tobe used for the purpose of constructing a sewer in the City of Paris, beginning at Stoner Avenue and running through the eastern part of thecity to Twentieth Street and SouthMain Street, and the amount ofmoney . necessary to be raised annually by taxation for an interest andsinking furid to meet said indebtedness of $20,000, is $2,000 per yearor such portion thereof as may berequired for said purpose., J. W. HAYDEN,City Clerk Paris, Kentucky.(19-lt)comnwicATioH moir djl a.H. KELLER. ,.Within the last few days therehave been whisperings- and mutterings about the Paris Water Company's plant. Whence come theseobjectors and who are they? Arethey in the open and in good faith?Or, are they in some devious misguided and unfair way endeavoringto make trouble for the people ofour city, men and women of goodbalance and excellent, good common sense, by injecting into the coming vote on the Contract between theCity and the Paris Water Company,all manner of rumors and deprecating the efforts of the City Council inhaving passed such ordinance as inits good, intelligent business-likejudgment seemed best for the city?I am not going into the merits ordemerits of the contract which isnow before the public for review. Myofficial association with the Citybegan in January, 1911. In thatwinter, contagious, communicableand infectious diseases very largelyprevailed. None of them, however,was traceable to impure water supply. Excepting the prevalence ofsmallpox introduced through theagency of the L. & N. R. R., a yearor two laler, when numbers ofnegroes from the South were beingused for the double tracking of thesystem, there have been no epidemics of any kind whatever. Gastrointestinal diseases, including typhoid fever, have only occurred inone year since the present Board ofHealth began its labors, and this wasin its first year (1911.) A storm ofprotest arose at that time, and allmanner of statements were made incriminating the Water Company.Was there the slightest foundationfor these ill reports? There was not.The epidemic involved probably 20cases, all of which occurred, I think,in the Henry Addition. A pollutedwater, the old Ford Spring, was theimmediate cause of each case. Thissource of drinking water was at oncedestroyed, hence an end to the thetyphoid cases. In this epidemicthere were probably two deaths.The ordinary intestinal diseasestraceable to highly polluted .waterhave been conspicuous for their absence. Very many communities inKentucky are now scourged withtyphoid, scarlet fever, measles, smallpox, infantile paralysis, diphtheria,etc. If there is such a case here, itis sporadic which is liable to occurI under the most stringent sanitarysurroundings in any regulated city.I think the Board of Health cango on record in the statement thatnot one single death has occurred inthe past six years which was in anyway traceable to a badly pollutedwater furnished to the people by theParis Water Company. If such case,or cases, existed, they were never reported to me.It isn't within the province of thisarticle to defend a bad water supplybut to be just and fair to all concerned and give credit to whom it isdue. There are times when the wateris low and the weather very warm,that the aroma doesn't strike yourYour New Fall BootsAwait You Here in an EndlessAssortmentJ Every description of footwear, every style, including allthe pretty novelties, all the new creations, at pric s thatlaugh at the day of the high cost of shoes.i .Quality Style EconomyA Combination Always Pound MereX If you want correct footwear at prices unequaled any-3 where, then buy your shoes here tomorrow without fail.Ladies dark tan EnglishBootsLadies' Black Calf English BootsLadies' Gun Metal Button BootsBOYS' AND GIRLS'SCHOOL SHOESAt Great Bargain PricesParis' Greatest Shoeolfactories .as would a, violet or aTose and that is pollution, but notsuch as to arouse our people to apitch of indignation. Not at all.Our citizens are too intelligent,reasonable 'and broad-minded to givecredulous ear to unworthy and entirely uncalled for reports. If theState Board of Health refused togrant to the L. N. Railroad permission to use the water from the WaterComnany's plant the Secretary of! the local Board doesn't see how suchaction can be immediately prevented.Since the life of the present HealthBoard many improvements have beenmade at the Water Company's plant.j Such chemicals as are ordinarily usedJin purifying water for drinking purposes are being used in our watershere as elsewhere. Exactly the sameClieilUUilU die uacu in vjiiiimionand in the same proportionateamounts. Not alone for clarificationand sedimentation, chiefly for bactericidal effect. In other words thosewater borne germs which are knownto produce diseases incident to thehuman body are being combatted intheir efforts by the application ofsuch chemicals as are known to destroy them. The Water Company'splant is not of such antiquity asshould convince us that our memorycenters have been long since dead.Neither is it - an outfit which inevery particular conforms to the requirements of a strictly down to theminute filtration plant. We mightvote a large bond issue and build afairly modern plant. Looking frommy view point, realizing that thereare not now, nor have there beenduring my regime any diseases attributable to polluted water, I willvote for, and use my humble influence to the endorsement of thecontract submitted by the City Council for ratification or rejection of thevoters on the 6th day of November.Finally, I desire to say that fromtime to time the public has had amplenotice through the local press of thedesirability of boiling all water usedfor domestic or drinking purposeswhether such water be from wells,cisterns, springs or hydrants. Thesenotices have been officially giverfrom time to time. The suggestionsto the public are in keeping withsimilar suggestions by the best sanitarians in the country, men who livein cities where bacteriologists of highscientific attainments are busy eachhour of the twenty-four examiningthe public drinking water supplynot a baccilus, not a bacteria mayI have been found, yet these eminenthealth authorities say boil ALL waterfor drinking purposes, the safe way,and the people of Paris have beensufficiently advised. On all questionsaffecting public health the Board ofHealth, composed of Dr. Campbell,Mr. Monroe Mansfield and Dr. Oberdorfer have been in entire accord,and have at all times advised with,and given to the Secretary suchearnest hearty support as in itsjudgment seemed best.Respectfully,A. H. KELLER,City Health Officer.PARIS, KY.,Oct. 16, 1917.BUYNOWSome of Our Specials$4.95Men's Tan EnglishWelts$2.99$2.49Men's GunEnglishMen's GunButtonDAN COHENStoreWilmoth'sSalt-RisingBread!Angel FoodCake!Don't That"Listen Good?"WILMOTHGrocery Co.Phone 376MnRGOLEN'SSPECIALSFor This WeekPork Chopsper poundBest Steaksper pound30c25cPrime Rib Beef onRoast, per pound ZOCPure Lardper poundCountry Hogper pound27ic25cMflRGOLEN'SSanitary Meat Market-te&..$4.00Metal, o 4 a$0.4UMetal,,$1.99': H kI & fb ' si 1Where Beauty and Economy Reignt,,&-&f ." i . n.4 s3fv ,?,v rr.wrV 'V