THE BOURBON NEWS-j?0 'v vVPUBLISHED EVERY TUESDAY AND FRIDAY IN THE YEAR.VOLUME XXXVI.PARIS, BOURBON COUNTY, KENTUCKY, FRIDAY, APRIL 6, 1917.UNITED STATES NOWAT 'WAR WITH GERMANYSenate Passes Resolution by Vote of 84 to 6;The House Expected to Ratify Action.Capitol Hotel AtFrankfort BurnedSPEER SEEKSWE KNOW HWEDERAL AID INLate Yesterday!BANKING PLANFRANKFORT, KY., APRIL 5. Firewhich broke out in the basement ofthe Capitol Hotel here this afternoongained headway beyond the control othe hotel fire department, arid thebuilding is totally destroyed, with thagreaier pan or tne contents.Congress Asked For More Than Three Billion Dollars soIrhcrrntrsef;oeran7annka"7mwas promptly turned in. The basement fire was stubborn, but it was alsoFor Army And Navy.iConfers With Comptroller'of Currency in Washington in Regard to Plan.mmAt the hour of going to pressate last night, the House had notcompleted its deliberations, but-there is no doubt that by the timethis is read, we will be at warjvith Germany.George C. Sneer, of Frankfort.believed to be under control, when it Banking Commissioner of Kentucky,unBn ;,. , i 11 i broke out afresh in the walls of the conferred with Comptroller of the Cur-',111611 111 these Circumstances Shall be majn buidinq and SDread raidIy lo Williams, in Washington. wi.!mustered out, department commanders the winas in the rear. Lp.flnv ,. i f .Ji , ..,... . , .....si- w .-.. lieauay, reKaruiiiK uie niau to oriiiie Deen so instructed. There were manv narrow escapes: ' m, i i i , A. , , . ,Pon.nl.to ! or, n,W ,1 1 ZJ aL "Capes, the natlonal banks of thfJ gtate mtQ- f w w v J W UWiU U1UHU ! wi i w mil 1AJat the War Department for exemptingcertain classes of men. from active BOURBON FISCAL COURT,military service in case Congress ap-the reform movement started by theJ State Banking Department of Kentucky.He found Comptroller WilliamsWASHINUTUK, April 4. rue reso- proves President Wilson's plan for oumy juuge j. a. luciuman pre-i ........ . ......w.u.,... j.i ; !, BAf,.Li- i.- : r, ,. sirtpH vostorrinv nt Hio AnHi torm nf deeply interested m the Kentuckian'sists between the United States and universal liability to service. the Bourbon Fiscal Court, with the suggestion that the national banks ofCrermany was passed m the Senate to-1 In addition to exempting, on the first following Justices present: Thomason, Kentucky shall adopt a uniform ratenight by a vote of 82 to 6. call, married men and men with oth- Burris, Redmon, Lloyd, Stephenson .t interest paid on time deposits.Senators who cast the negative ers directly dependent upon others, and Shropshire. . I feel that my visit to Washington70tes were, Gronna, of North Dakota; provision also will be made for ex- The report of Road Engineer Bed- at this time will bear fruit," said Mr.LaFollette, of Wisconsin; Norris, of empting skilled workers in many indus- ford fr the month of March was Speer, as he left the Treasury DeNcbraska; Lane, of Oregon; Stone, of trie-,. Such workers will be looked read, received and filed. partment. "I had a satisfactory talkMissouri, and Vardaman, of Missis- upon as performing military service if The county tax levy for 1917 was with Comptroller Williams and heaippi. they continue labor necessary for the fixed as follows: Court house bonds, seemed much interested in my bank-The resolution, drafted after consul industrial welfare of the nation. and interest on same, four cents on ing reform plan. I explained to himtation with the Senate Department Among the workmen so exempted each $100 worth of property in the that about 80 per cent, of the Statend already accepted by the House probobly will be skilled farmers. The county subject to taxation; for turn- banks of Kentucky have already enCommittee, says the state of war Government realizes that one of the Pikes and bridges, twenty-five cents, tercl into the agreement, the fewthrust upon the United States by Ger- most pressing problems before the general purposes, twenty-one cents; that have not adopted the plan beinginanv is formally declared and directs nation is the increase in the output of poll-tax was placed at $1.50 for each those affected by the national banksthe President to employ the entire foodstuffs, so as to continue to sup- male inhabitant over twenty-one years charging a rate greater than 3 permslitarv and naval forces and the re- ply the needs of the United States and of age. cent, in their respective territories,sources of the government to -carrj enable the Government to send larga It was ordered that an ad valorem i "if the Comptroller of the Currencyon war and bring it to a successful supplies to the Entente allies. tax on all property subject to taxation orders the national banks of Kentermination. I or State purposes in Bourbon county tucky to adopt the plan I have outAction in the Senate came just af , WASHINGTON, April 5. Every po- outside of the City of Paris and the lined, of course, all the State bankstor 11 o'clock at the close of a debate liceman in the country, from the be- Little Rock Graded Common School would fall into line."that had lasted continuously since 10 starred constable to the New York District be levied for school purposes Ir Speer explained that the effecto'clock this morning. The climax war; blue coat, will become an emergency In the sum of ten cents on each $100 0f this banking reform plan of hisreached late in the afternoon when member of the department of justice worth of property assessed for taxa- would be that patrons of all the banksSenator John Sharpe Williams de- in the detection of spies "or unfriendly tion for State purposes. in Kentucky would be able to borrownouueed a speech by Senator LaFol- actions against the iovernment" un- A large number of claims against money at a rate of 6 per cent, insteadlette as more worthy of Herr von Beth- der a plan announced by Attorney the county were allowed and ordered of payjng 7, s or as high as 10 permann-Hollweg than of an American General Gregory. paid. 'cent.'in many counties.Senator ' I ' Countv Judee McMillan and County J Mr. Speer was accompanied to theThe oassase of the resolution was1 CAMDEN, N. J., April 5 Techni- Attorney Batterton were appointed a Treasury Department by Senator 01-not marked by any outburst irom uie cauy uuu.icu wim. iuicoicumb m m... , - ne james.. . , . iL. a i, oo. i?f of -Procirionf wiicmv "Riiwnrfl A nroner flacstaff. and have same erect 1galleries ana on uie mnu iuc ocua.- - - - .. , r-- .tors themselves were unusually grave W. Simmers, 67 years old, a Ger- ed on the court house,aad quiet Many of them answered man, was held under $20,000 bail for Ordered that the salary of theto their names in voices that quivered a further hearing by United States County Treasurer remain at $300 per, amnHftn Commissioner Joline here. In default year. Mr. Silas E. Bedford was re-mi, r.iiori"fQ wfira filled to over-,of bail Simmons was remanded. elected to the position of County;flowing, and on the floor back of theA CARD FROM COUNTYATTORNEY GEO. BATTERTONTOOF BOURBONSenators seats was almost half themembership of the HouseTHE PEOPLEnniTVTiv.. Ud.ll OlUllUUUa WciO icuiauucu. -wv v.. r , vWUxx.. j. x i-ii-n .1 i-ui rnnni Tynn mirni- T'fio frmrf tenrlffrpri ATv I. ... -rc.iflimif tVia nflvontnco nf rinnAccording 10 jrmiimuiynji owio- xco.oii. .m. w,".... jjuih mbuuui. wiv. .u.."v.0v, w- .service operators who -arrestetl Sim- Bedford a -rising vote of thanks 'for-oFinfluential parentage, my chances innMr Wnnrihinp N j . whp.re he the excellent service he had given the life would have been been much mors?" ImT announced the kmnloved as a scientific farmer, county in the .position. limited, had you not generouslySenate refined in session only a few the man nttd utterly given xpres- It was ordered that the sum of $5 nonorea Ved to itininutes. The galleries began to sion to remarks regarded as detri per month be paid to George Griffin for my appreciaUon by striving mightily tsempty at once and the Senators them- mental to the safety of the President, the support of Mrs. Frank Prindle; make you an honest, efficient and useselves tired out by the long day, left also the sum of $5 per month be paid ful county Attorney. Naturally, in sonaicklvThe Senate adjourned until EL PASO, TEX., April 5. Nine de- to John McLain for the support of doing, I have incurred the displeasureiwk)". Friday to await ucliuil uj -"-' serters irom tne umwu. owwa aiu iirs. juuuuii. vl iuusu i wu. . .. .ww. -TrnUSe on the border were reported to Fed- The Court then adjourned to meet of the law, yet in the hope that the" eral county officials here, having de- at the County Infirmary on April 11. better class of citizens approve myWASHINGTON, April 5-Requests erted durmg the last tliree days. The ,coue 1 have nded to announcelor immediate appropriation of $3,400. r,ajority of these deserters, it is "BLUE RIBBON SEEDS." ! ' oBourbS SSty; at lSS-p030,000 for the army and navy were said were Gf German birth and were mary August 4, 1917.made to Congress to-day by the execu thought to have gone to Mexico. Am- The celebrated "Blue Ribbon Seeds, j At'th6 very outset I want to make1live department munition smuggling is being resumea 3 papers for 10c, at uusy liee uasu it plain that j am not uTi any slate orxi -L....iA-r4 niinnririac ni ;iiii- trx 11 n i.n imn itn T-tm nm 1 tti uiiiiimt 11 i v 1.11 .Is Only a Few Days Off andYou Must Be Well DressedOn That Day.There is no better storeno more reliable, none moredependable than our storewhen it comes to selling theright kind of Men's andBoys' Clothing.Our Easter Suits, Hats,Shoes and FurnishingsSurpass any others.The clothing purchasedfrom our store has style,service and comfort. Nothigh in price, but high inquality. Neat patterns forconservative dressers andfancy patterns for the moreextreme ones. Pinch Backsand 2-Button Sacks, EnglishCut Coats made extreme,the kind that well dressed fellows like to wear. Selectyour Easter Suit to-day, while the assortment is large.finWWtrl Copyright. 1017ifltrljarlfl, fita& Cc.SHIRTSBEAUTIFUL PATTERNS IN MANHATTAN(Silks and Madras Cloths.)BRIGHT NEW NECKWEARSTYLISH STETSON HATSAND NETTLETON FINE SHOESPlitcnell & BiakemoieD,.,-,?r.Ti ic mndft for increasing oinnir thft border and Quantities of am- store.t'ne enlisted strength of the navy to munition are known to have crossed tol&e,000 men and to incerase tiie ma- Mexico last "week.rme corps to 30,000. TW . .. k n.nr thf irreat sum, a ntue muie u-kajnivuuivx, xvi., i "(16-4tFjSTATE OFFICIALS HERE.ilian S2 930 000,000 is asked for the cuit Judge Stout in his instructions toarmy.line-up; nor am I member of any faction, but I am acting upon my own initiative and running solely upon myown merits, which I respectfully askyou to judge after full investigation.My campaign will be conducted uponTVTv RTflwnrrl TTitP. (Thief DeDUtV Statcuit Judge Stout in his insruc"n Fire"Marshal, and Mr. A. H. Holladay, clean and upright lines, without bar-,the Franklin County grand jury told Jree7 TC.QT1 nMurM terin awav for political or other con-,1I L11C3 UUIIC 1UOU1HUVU ..w. u - - , ,.. .imperial uermau 6- . -- Z' v n-ui ,nf shrink we..fir nothing less than war agaiuat 1.110 going 10 wu. xWl ...- -w-lact iiuuiiiib TT?fQH .- f -emir oMintrv as a iUf ni noonle of the United from your duty to your country as a wh ,w anthnHt.v o' onmpnt. nmintion 1a mv heart to makeStates- that it formally accept the soldier, therefore you should not 1 ood and an intimate knowledge of'ofbelligerent which has thus shrink from your duty as a grand tte Stote. h .LTov iTto'rneyn thrust upon it, and that it take juror. ooLlucttng a vigorous campaign in- My ne-e asCounty AUorneyPt.eps not only to put the g wASHINGTONTFril 5.-The sig- specting and condeming bm dings. l advantage. I proposemore thorough state of defense, but WASHiiui y Wilson'S warn- The Louisville papers all compliment . real DUsiness adminisiso to exert all its power and em- our MrHite's work very highly. jlratgion; L. devote my time and energy.tiIov all its resources w o - o mman Yinnm annar- o to tne UUties ot tne umv;u, iu i-"vpio an 1 f0Tns and nffipps of eovernment, oecome apyai - -?fiaTn shnwnany see umi uu i.ywww- .- ---ploy all its ""Ymrire to terms and offices of government." become appar3rmel" theTesident recom- ent When it u learned ftat on sevTmd the war,mended:ent when it was learned that on se- 'in awarding contracts; to also see thateral occasions trails of the German was voiced unanimously here by . ed- KftS receive their just pro-ended: Mrann in RpP.rGt service have been discovered itors o rpreign language ubp. : th money expended in im- 1Utmost practical "a&Tn. ithin some 0f the most closely guard and heads of organizations or i-onsn 'vements; and to impartially, fearronnsel and acUon Wltu t" v '' nrecincts 0f the executive depart- Bohemian, Italian, Serbian, Belgian lessl and effectively enforce the law,ments already at war with Germany, ett prewuuw foreign-born citizens of this and in all matters gWe to you the bestExtension ol """ " that the Although officialsit to those governmentsxesources of America may. !11 - " .t- . X f211 wt 1 Tll XI fj 4. v.niiava .n.,tr Tho p! rn arms viii meet corvioo wit im me. 1 Will lUajVC juu ', Pd hZ has been i gained by the with a solid backing among these peo- promisewhich I. know I cannot fulfillbe added that access has oeen s"ueu ' a w" a,: . . B1.nn,1,fBO(i M order to obtain your votes.If vou feel that I am competent 10render this service, and that my recordtsii tit-int. mo n fhia nddi-, as an umuiui cuuuco mx --KT-rnvrr ftDTPAWC! Arvril K FpflfVTal .. i jj-. F vnnr nnnfirJpnP.fi. I.tii. cinn lonarrniHiiL. nitu t ii.o". -- pav unuuniiu, ia.ki - Tirmiii e?v imiiL:t: ul jum vu- 1 -Full-equipment of the 'navy, y fi,'Hal diDi0matic facilities has been authorities here admitted that thev shall ever be grateful for your support.or aeaiius . r ,ein y,a rficnrwprprl P.vidence ill the last if defeated I will remain a democratLiiat access uao uw- o -' -x infnrmntinn nf nioc tbpir laders DroclaimedMJUlfcW ,..Wo tn tlieirs. foreign agents lu an x-w - -- 1- -0 far as possible to .. imi0rtance, they are understoodOrganization a ,7--- o - that not even theOrganization ana mo "" untry. 0 be covinced that not eventhe material resou rce a of the co y Department, with its highly171111-pnuinment ot tne uavj, v jiifi faniiitips hascon-free from invasion.have discovered evidence in the last if defeated I will remain a Democratfew weeks indicating the existence of as ever and always loyai wmjjtelarly for meansmarine . nn nnn men.e ot- past uuvi""" -r i i p t ri. : i w ttklkk a. ukisuuui vytix.tij . ..An army ui. -- f uniVersa NEW YORK, April 5. iwrmer res- plots to incite negroes m puiu. i. 7" I ; each voter in person, and wouldased on tHeprtoW authoriza- ident Taft, speaking at a dinner given isiana and Mississippi against the , se ach Toter Mt pledgeliability to sfements of 500.- Ws honor, declared that "if any United States government. vo your vote to any other until I can seeion of additional incre , or can tion is ito attack us it will be through it was stated several Germans have KQU ,n person and present my claimsnnn nonh as they ae Iieeuc i.a. vu.. .,.? .tpH thp nfiieh- liaan nrrpctpd rP.eentlV n MISSISSIPPI ,t. rrmif oiinnnrt. . ,J Xl. nntirh. 1 1.1 mnnndir Tl ATiaCl CSRinni. .. tt Mhrtinnrari7Pii 1111-? iic:ikil hocti hi ihniii iclculi.t . Ai.jwww.'r--uu --. ,, ATexlCO. -no uoww. - "- ..- --- .ne handled m iraimut, thp republic as "an international suspected of such activity.Raising necessary money 1 &s ooring 1 Qen Carranza as ..not Among the promiSes alleged to haveUnited States go enim jt so the most reliable individual." been made to the negroes, accordingoossible, without borrowing anu u tne niu to the Federal agents, were completebasis of equitable taxauou. BIRMINGHAIM, ALA., April 5. Re- franchise freedom and political andsuch way as not to csreadv in g in southern States, particularly inwhps to the nations aireau ms iu. a fffl1 npH to incitetfce field against Germany.Frt-n xriir GimnnrtLUl JVUl wuwvt TGEORGIU JiA'iiiiiJttxix.CITY ASSESSOR AT WORK.Citv Assessor L. D. Harris has begun the work of making the city as-,cpsment for the year of 1917. Theassessment will be made on blanks,MeiwirtatiBut Defend YourLoved Ones FirstV0UNG MAN, you may be called anytime to defend your country. INSURETO-DAY with us and get a policy without any restrictions as to military servicefrom date of issue.N You may not be able to get such a policywithin the next few days, and we urge you to getthis protection for your family NOW while youcan. Take no chance of waiting and haying togo without protection. You cannot get a policyafter you are called to serve your country, butyou can now.All preparations should be Geman agents are work- sociai equality.ing in 00 . ' x,1f tnpitn -oATrTATnTJTTi urn.. Anril 5. Takine:thfe tobacco ana cottuu -. - ""Y J - o wi,rt 'oh nprnn makine his own assess-bA field again&i' v." -- QC itraiunst tne uniteu owwa tue siauu tuau ouj uau a.fee fieia a? XT-nnnl negr!!!nf e confirmed here by expression to a threat against the- life ment and subscribing his name to theWASHINGTON, April a. Xrnilie rT asents These officials an of President Wilson should not be per blank. jlon with, dependent families Federal enta. Jud Roge iu Jn the pagt the assessment has beenMl be mustered out of the FeaTO nouncea -- prevent effec-United States District Court sentenced . made verbally, but wiUi the blanKsMU. ,. oQ announced at the War tafcen in the aismu w v Q:,wa wtv.twrt vpars old..hpine sicned by the citizens theHerviue, w " lemon wnO fltro rP.SUltS ITOUl ttiiom& -" -' " - - ,1 Trrnrt n .nciilta" ' cvm cuarasmeu. UVe icepanmeuu --- ; Hprvice. andSSSa caned intone Fedto the Federal penitentiary at Atlanta 'assessment over their signature can befor a term of eighteen months. The! made a matter of record. Mr. Harri3tme- wdP.r service, and tiVities.Se again been called into the Fed A n BRadiness to case was tried before a jury which has been very busy in the past Jewservice, are found to have close CHICA u, p & mln ,flay8 dlstributing blanks to the prop-,!X.,l- .nielv dependent nponttem follow the bn . . . Urty-owners of the city. JR. F. CLENDENIN. ASSOCIATE GENERAL AGENTThe Northwestern Mutual Life InsuranceCompanyCumb. Phone 37, Home Phone 72. Residence, Cumb. 353.201 First National Bank Building.aral service, a " m f UoW the Stars ana ou-iyw "TellV1rSrrtoe Se ocean to the battlefields of Europe utes.yJk' - '5ras.,v.WlGB twoTHE BOURBON NEWS, PARIS, KY.FRIDAY, APRIL, , 1$17.Sn-uif! M!?.ijt'.I1.Iri'itilV1'The Bourbon NewstaUMIshed 188135 Years of Continuous Publication.fl&tt U d Every Tuesday and Friday.US 15'EC r ?2.00 Six Months. .$1.00Payable in Advance.AS?rPT CHAMP, Editor and Owner.Entered at the Paris, Kentucky,Postoffice as Mail Matter of theSecond Class.)Any erroneous reflection upon thepiaracter, standing or reputation ofay person, firm or corporation whichay appear in the columns of THEBOURBON NEWS will be gladly corrected if brought to attention of theeiXor.ADVERTISING RATESDisplay Advertisements, $1.00 per ' the understanding that there may be aInch for first time; 50 cents per inch 1 delay in filling them. This conditioneach subsequent insertion. Will hold more or less throughout theReading Notices, 10 cents per line counlrv? and wiU be dea;t with by thoCards of thanks, calls on candi- the publlc interest in the locality maydates, obituaries and resolutions, and require. Because of the varying coneimilar matter, 10 cents per line. ditions in different parts of the coun-Special rates for' large advertise- try no general rule applicable everyments and yearly contracts. where has been attempted."The right of publisher is reserved 'to decline any advertisement or othermatter for publication. 'Announcements for political offices 'must invariably be accompanied bythe Cash.O-EDITORIAL MUSINGS.April Fools' Day.You could never make the kidletsof former days think that April FoolsD.V was ona of ti, minor nnLfone ofJy was one of the minor occasions ofi vn.r tiipv Tool-,! f-WQ f ;fm almost next to July Fourth. Theyduinpj Ainhnmtp lioocplanned elaborate hoaxes, and con-cted camraigns for the befoolmentf nldpr nnd wkpr i,Mflc pr nnan the year they felt abreast of thegrownups, being able thus to deceivem vv.ni'Av s uJSU lUtlttC (.,tulc KJL IUCU1.Most women set out in the morningrri ,:, i,. .to rfool their husbands as the firs-"hncinocc -f flirt dn nnA nnmmnnli-tiey succeed. The newspapersprinted elaborate accounts of tradiof frriitional hoaxes, like placards attachedto people's backs marked April Fool,-irnol do,ts rr;ui in hMW ft-looking exai-Uy like the real tiling, etc.i. t i ,inese scuemes were beyond the caSPfrcity of the children, who contented"Uiemselves with minor stunts like callig attention to some imaginary birdi thft TiPirln frPPi the nearbj treeThe humorists of every age havelkeir own methods, which change fromtime to time. Practical jokes are notno common as they used to be. Witand humor becomes more refined.People with a. humorous turn enjoySoUying otliei s, matching wits and poktog" fun at them. They like tripping That at least 50 per cent, of the adam up in conversation and repartee, vertised subscription price must berather than making them physically received by publishers before they canrliiculous. l)e entitled to the low rates of secondThese moaern forms of humor are class mail, is the substance of an oriore subtile, and are often just as irri der just issued by Postmaster Generaltating to the sensitive victim. The Burleson. Copies of this order weremm who is slow of speech feels baffled received here bv the local postofficeart helpless among the jokers of mod- authorities. Publications heretoforern society. But fun making is the oxemnfpd from snhenrmtinn efiupfce of hie. People who can't taketbeir part and accept joking on themwsives good naturedly, are bound to beus uncomfortable as the old timerwko had the placeard stuck on his& on the first day of April.The Great Outdoor.Spring, due according to the calenUr on the tnenty-first of March, hesit&tes around the corner, waiting winter's abdication. The sunshine invitesthe unresponsive earth, yet the grassafcows tints of green, robins andcrows have been heard and pussy wiilows are dropping their brown claks. ,Nature is the mistress of work processes! IVlin O.ATI toll wlion crTMor Vio.Vfnc -VT -U'll.-.-n if mnrrrnr- inU ..n-.n- Ir..w, mi " ijj 11, iuoijm iiiuj amnnici. jNot tho on'onnor whzf.u :c f ,...jjjjjA few c:ays of sun, a warm rain,auwl spring will be here with a rush.The housewife vews the winter's dustand cobwebs despairingly; shop winSmwrs are suggestive of rejuvenatedrobes; the citizen grows restive undervt storms and the litter of unsweptKtreets. We feel the nrimal caU. na -Ktreets. We feel the primal call, natare's invitation to the outdoors, to thexxnual renewal." Nothing to see in a spring walk?Mich to see to those who have theeing eye. Bishop Quayle would addto the Beauiitudes, "Blessed are thoseirko help v.s to see." The color harmonies of the spring landscape are Jfcewrtiful if we can see them. ThoseStT TJlnnf C"UBBr Ala v 1 re 4- x C'rxi- 4- . .u forget the daily tasks, the worries'- .. ' i.:. ' -BU J1UU 1I1V.CO AJ nuiui V C BUliCUUClooreelves. Our prospects brighten unr$&r the influence of better thoughts.rr- - , m. ..xu a picaum. bprmg momiiifi, saysTlioreau. "ail men's sins are forgiven,Such a day is a truoe to vice." Thfresh airs seem to blow away the "'ribbed and cabined'' emotions that claimus in our cliff 'dwellings. -It '-is notwithout good reason we want the outdoors.Robert Hichens reminds us that"There is atime of life when, if thebody is healthy and the soul untroubled, each season holds its thrill for theheart, its tonic gift for the mind." AtI no season ae the thrill and the tonicso strong and so greatly needed as inthe spring.PHONES FOR GOVERNMENT.I Temporary suspension of the telephone extension service throughoutthe country in order to hold in reserve! facilities that may be needed by th'jj government, may become necessary,.was announced in New York by TJ. N'Bethell, senior vice president of the'American Telephone and Telegraph' Company."A temporary embargo on the installation of new telephone lines, or hiany event, installation subject to indefinite delay, may become necessary,Mr. Bethell said. "Because of the unprecedented demands for new facilities, the necessity of holding in reserve facilities that may be needed bythe government and the difficulty ofgetting supplies which all manufacturers have experienced, it will be'necessary for the Bell Telephone companies to hold growth substantially to'normal proportions."Therefore, orders for new linesand stations onn Iip finnpntnrl nnlv rnWHAT'S THE REASON?Many Paris People in Poor HealthWithnut If nnufinn fho. Onuen......WW. ...,.. ...VJ .,, VUJV.There are scores of people whodrag out a miserable existence without realizing the cause of their suffering. Day after day they are rackedwith hackache and headache; sufferfrom nervousness, dizziness, weakness, languor and depression. Perhaps the kidneys have fallen behind in"a? uie " fil u , ,? , ,tneir AVOrk of Altering the blood and,UB!r VOI1 "te"nf "10that may be th the troublffuL to our .KIUS- isl mem intheir work give them the help theyneeu x ?a US(no ore lllsniyrecommended remedy than Doan;need. You can use no more highlyKidney Pills endorsed by people allvei" uie couiDors in Pans.over the country and by your neigh-w.ra' w IBy 1UJ uypress street'Pans, says: "Some years ago, I found'it necessary to use a kidney remedyand J had re,ad . aboat Doan's Kid'ney r,lls' x usea tnem- They provedto be satisfactory and permanently ridme OI K!aney complaint, i ave goodme of kidney complaint. I have goodreason 10 recommena uoans luaneyfm&' a?u U u , anynetroubled with a weak back or lameback or irregular passages of the kidney secretions.".rr " UL5' at.,au aeaiers; um lsimply ask for a kidney remedy getDoan's Kidney Pills the same thatMr. Dudley had. Foster-Milburn Co.,Props., Buffalo, N. Y. (adv)MORE STRINGENT RULESFOR SECOND-CLASS MAILtions are not affected by this order,Through this order, circulation ofpublications which depend wholly orpartly on their advertising matter formaintenance, ciro.ninrs pHvprHcw( -, , . ..,,pamphlets, etc., will not be permitted'as second class mail matter. To have'the privileges of the cheaper secondclass rate publications must have legitimate sugscription lists. Copies sentin exchange for another publicationare regarded as legitimate, as well ascopies to advertisers, or subscriptionsobtained either directly or throughagencies, etc.BAD COUGH? FEVERISH? GRIPPY?iw" "KU - iu5 AMSW iJISCOVeryT l T" T.S .9 X T"N(to stop that cold, the soothing balsamjusieuitjuis Htm me irriiateu membranes, soothe the sore throat, the antiseptic qualities kill the germ andyour cold is quickly relieved. Dr.r" "cw. "" " ior yearsKing's New Discovery has for 48 years"1 i CU?S"SoSif tHousands of homes Ger.a bte to-day and have it handy inyour medicine chest for coughs, colds,-croup, grippe and all bronchial affections. At your druggist, 50c.(april-adv)THINGS TO WORRY ABOUT.Since reading that a reporter whodied in Chicago, among other beauests.left $200,000 to a library, we cannotit in our heart to blame people, believing some things theyse& in the newspapers.An opera singer has sued a mannamed Kraut for ?100,000 because he.xu. Auauu iui fAUU.UUUls no longer sweet on her. That'll belikely to sour Kraut still more.President Urges CongressTo Declare State OfWar Now Existing.Early Proceedings of the Most Momentous Session of Congressin History.WASHINGTON, April 3. PresidentWilson, Monday night, urged Congress, the resolution on the floor, went imassembled in joint session, to declare mediately to the House Foreign Afa state of war existing between the fairs Committee to show the membersUnited States and Germany. I0f the committee the changes theIn a dispassionate, but unmeasured Senate Committee had made in orderdenudation of the course of the Im- to have it put before both Houses inperial German Government, which he the same form.characterized as a challenge to all Imankind, the President declared that PARIS, FRANCE, April 3. TJ. Sneutrality no longer was feasible or de- Ambassador Sharp, under instruction?sirable where the peace of the world from Washington, has visited the dowas invovled; that armed neutrality vastated regions evacuated by thehad become ineffectual enough at best. Germans. Mr. Shar.p was in Chaulne:..and was likely to produce what it wa? Ham and Roye on Saturday and cabledmeant lo prevent, and urged that Con- die State department an account ofgress accept the gauge of battle with what he saw.all the resources of the nation. I"I advise that the Congress declare FIRST AMERICAN ARMED SHIPthe recent course of the Imperial Ger- SUNK BY SUBMARINE.ni'iii P!nvrrtiT7irnf tn lf in f'iir.t. nnfhiiiE-: r i . .. iless than war against the Governmentand people of the United States," said4li TD n r i 1 r f- "lrf 4- fAvmnllif rrrrwiLie x twmuii, tiiuL .l """"J ' 1M-the status of belligerent which hasthus been thrust Uipon it, and that ittake steps not only tc put the coun-try in a more thorough state of dcfense, but also to exert all its powerand employ all its resources to bringthe Government of the German empireto terms and end the war."When the President hadfi;i,.iliniSllC.lspeaking the following resolutions todeclare a state of war existing wereintroduced in the both Houses ofCongress, referred to appropriatecommittees, and were debated to-day:"Whereas, The Imperial GermanGovernment has committed repeatedacts of war against die Governmentnnd the .neoDle of the United States oLAmerica; therefore be it"Resolved by the Senate and Houserf T?onrDcnnt!iHvot! of tllf TTnitOfl(States of America m Congress assem-(i bled, that the state of war between the ,, United States and the Imperial Ger-1man Government, whicn has thus been jthrust upon the United States, is here !by formally declared; and that the''"resident be and he is hereby authorized and directed to employ the entirenaval and military forces of the Unit-,ed States and the resources of theGovernment to carry on war againstthe Imperial German Government; andto bring the conflict to a successfultermination, all of the resources of thecountry are hereby pledged by the Con-1giess of the United States."Because of his opposition 'to the jmeasure, Senator Stone, Chairman ofthe Foreign Relations Committeee, the jresolution was introduced in the Sen-1ate by Senator Martin, of Virginia, the 'Democratic floor leader. Representa-Jtive Flood, Chairman of the ForeignAffairs Committee, introduced it in the'House,The resolution follows:"Joint resolution declaring that artnts nf wor QVlcfo VlohvODTI til O TfTV.j perial German Government and theiI Government and people of the unitedStates and making ' to prosecute the(same:"Whereas, The recent acts of theImperial Government are acts of waragainst the Government and people ofthe United States;nocoivorl "Rv tho. Sipnfitp. and Houseof Representatives of the UnitedStates of America in Congress assembl-ed that the state of war between theUnited States and Imperial German,Government which has thus beenjthrust upon the United States is here-by formally declared; and"That the President be and he ishereby authorized and directed to takeimmediate steps not only to put thecountry in a thorough state of defense,but also to exert all of its power andemploy all of its resources to carry or.war against the Imeperial German Government and to bring the conflict to asuccessful termination."WASHINGTON, April 3. The Ad-ministration resolution declaring astate of war exists with Germany anddirecting the President to prosecutewar against the Imperial Governmentto a successful termination was pre-sented to the Senate to-day JSenator Hitchcock, for the ForeignpImZ HommittPP. asked unani-mmic- nnneonf for ifcj immPflintP. POll-ltOsideration. Senator LaFollette objectUIUUO V,UUOUI. .". "J ."-.w -vw x-ed, and it went over under the rulesfor one day.LaFollette started to launch an anti-war speech, but was stopped by Demo lion against another is an outrighicratic Leader Martin, who forced ad- announcement that one intends tojournment 'wage war on the other. The declara-Consideration of the Administration , . formally sent to the emy,i.;rSt& rsTostPoncare,g,r. ?r- -til to-morrow. lty for tho war in such a case' lieswith the nation declaring it.I The United States has engaged inWASHINGTON, April 3. President four foreign wars but it never has deWilson, in his address to Congress, cared war in and of thege caseSf novmade it plain that war is not against declared warthe German people; it is against the .autocratic government, which denies against the United States,the German people the right of self- A "state of war' was declared toexpression. No portion of President exist in 1812 with Great Britain, inWilson's speech served better purpose 1846 with Mexico and in 1898 withthan his profession of confidence in Spain. A declaration of independencethe German-born and those of German Dr0ught on the war of 1776.extraction who owe their allegiance A state of war meang that the?.? iCa ;CpnS3 country recognizing such a conditionfeature oFhis addresT, but before ad- Relieves it has been attacked war isjournment new acts will have been being waged against it, and it is necwritten providing penalties of unusual essary for national defense and securseverity for lack of loyalty, and for ity to fight back,those activities which have been! Recognition of a "state of war"described in the espionage bill whichfailed of passage at the last session.WASHINGTON, April 3. Except forthe formalities that -may be observed,the United States and Germany arenow at war. The nation is irrevocably committed to it. Recognition ofthat condition was inevitable afterPresident Wilson had presented hisimac The cold and danip leatherca5.e x i i j I brings on rheumatic pains which areCongress to-day, in solemn mood, "r. . . , I mu .following the high pitch of patriotism f ,but Pleasnt T,hf c!5 beproduced by President Wilson's ad relieved, however, by applying Chamdress of last night is preparing to berlain's Liniment. Obtainable everyadopt every measure demanded by where,the President in his scathing denun- , (april-adv)elation -of the Germon governmentsaggressions.The Senate Foreign Relations Committee to-day approved the Administration resolution declaring a stateof war exists with Germany in practically the same form as it was introduced in both Houses of Congresslast night. Changes were made inthe wording, but the effect remainsthe same.The vote was unanimous except foiChairman Stone. Senator Borah, ofIdaho, was absent Senator Hitch-'cock, of Nebraska, who will handleNEW YORK, April 5. The American steamship Aztec, first armedmerchant vessel to sail from a port onn . .,, f fl, , e.this side of the Atlantic, was sunkiifliriif vnrninfr Cnnflaif niorlif Vr rGerman submar?ne off an island nearBrest, France.The cable message from the American Consul at Brest that brought thenews of the ship's sinking to her owners, the Oriental Navigation Com-,. ;lri: oc f , fn(nQf crew An Afassociated Press'ttispatch from Paris France, saidhowever, that while some of the menaboard the Aztec were rescued, a num-her of them were missing and probablyhad perished.The Aztec, under command of Capt.waiter Ulirien, was manned oy acrew of thirty-nine. Seventeen ofthis number, including the captain,were American citizens.YOUR FLAG AND MY FLAG.N (By Wilbur S. Nesbit.)Your flag and my flag,And how it flies to-dayIn your land and my landAnd half a worlu away!Rose-red and blood-redThe stripes forever gleam;Snow-white and .soul-whiteThe good forefathers dream;Sky-blue and true blue, with stars tojrleam arichtTue gioried guidon of the day; a che'-ter thru the night.Your flag and and my flag!To every star and stripeThe drums beat as hearts heatAnd fifers shrilly pipe!Your flag and my flagA blessing in the sky;Your hope and my hopeIt never hid a lie!.Home land and tar land and half thej world around,Old Glory hears our glad salute andripples to the sound!Your flag and my i.ttg!And, oh, how much it holdsYour land and my landSecure within, its folds!Your heart and my heartBeat quicker at the sight;Sun-kissed and wind-tossedRed and blue and white.The one flag the great flag the flagfor me ml 'ou""Glorified all else beside the red andwhite and blue.AUTHOR OF FAMOUS SONGI NATIVE OF FLEMING-.I Commenting on the publication in.... mm-. xTnurcreceilt lsse V T11E NEWS of anitem regarding the song. "BrightenThe Corner Where You Are," madefamous by Billy Sunday, Editor HiramDuley, in the Flemingsburg TimesDemocrat, says:j "The author of this song, Mrs. InaDuley Ogdon, is a niece of the editorof the Times-Democrat, daughter ofW. W. Duley and wife, nee Wilson, andnow lives in Toledo, Ohio. This song-m qufte popular and she has writtenmany others of great merit. Althoughborn and raised in Illinois, she is of. . . , , .. . . . ,Fleming county stock and that is hardbeat.WHAT "STATE OF WAR" ISA "declaration of war" by one napiaces the responsibility for the ward its COnseouences upon the othernation.SPRING.Spring is Rooked upon by many asthe most delightful season of the year,buf this cannot be said of the rheu-twin Bros. Department Store$ ventb and main $t$. Paris, KentuckyTobacco CottonAH Grades at LowestPrices.mi Twin RrneI IBfSii U1U'HERE IS A GOOD PLACE TO STOP FOR LITTLE MONEY.LOUISVILLE HOTEL, Louisville, Ky., Main St., bat otii & 7th.The Only Hotel in Louisville Operated on the American and European PlansAMERICAN PLAN Rooms without Bath but with Hot and Cold Runningwater (With Meals)75 Rooms single, ?2.00 per day; 2 people, $2.06 each50 Rooms Single, 2.50 per day; 2 people, 2.25 each50 Front Rooms Single, 3.00 per day; 2 people, 2.50 eachRooms with Private Bath:50 Rooms single, 3.00 per day; 2 people, 2.75 each50 Rooms single, 3.50 per day; 2 people, 3.00 eachEUROPEAN PLAN Rooms without Bath but with Hot and Cold RunningWater (Without Meals)75 Rooms Single, $1.00 per day; 2 people, $0.75 each50 Rooms single, 1.25 per day; 2 people, 1.00 each50 Front Rooms single, 1.50 per day; 2 people, 1.25 eachRooms with Private Bath:50 Rooms single, 1.50 per day; 2 people, 1.25 each50 Rooms single, 2.00 per day; 2 people, ISO echTHE OLD INN, Louisville, Ky., Cor. 6th and Main Sts., European P2 Qmty.Rooms Without Bath, $1 and up; Rooms With Privarte Bc), $flcS7 ,$. jjjwBEST EATING PLACE IN TOWN.The Louisville Hotel and the Old inn are located in the whclfii?f ftr Zi&.and only a three-block's walk to the retail district and theatres.Automobile Hearse or Ambulance!I desire to announce to our friends that I can, wheredesired, furnish an automobile hearse or ambulance. Thismethod of transpertation is especially desired on long trips,the same being made in better time, and at no advance incost over the horse-drawn conveyance.GEO. W- DAVIS,aaeaf Greater and Better Sunday Schools for a Greater andBetter KentuckyI "Go to Sunday School Day" jFor AH Kentucky IsI MAY 6, 1917One Million People Will Attendt Come- Let3Lis GoKENTUCKY SUNDAYL. & N. TIME TABLE(Effective Sunday, May 28. 1916, 12.01)TRAINS FROM ARRIVALNo.134 Lexington, daily except Sunday 5:18 m34 Atlanta, daily ,. 5:25 am25 Cynthiana, daily except Sunday ,. . . .7:35 am10 Rowland, daily except Sunday ...!7:36 am11 Maysville daily except Sunday 7:33 am40 Lexington daily except Sunday , ,!,7:40 am17 Maysville, daily except Sunday gso am37 Cincinnati, O., daily g J52 am12 Lexington, daily io:12 am33 Chicago, daily 10:17 am26 Lexington, Daily Except Sunday 12:00 m29 Cynthiana, Daily Except Sunday 2:55 pm9 Maysville, Daily Except Sunday 3J00 pm138 Lexington, Daily Z:12 pm38 Knoxville, Tenn., Daily 3:i5 pm19 Maysville, Daily 5:40 pm39 Cincinnati, Daily Except Sunday 5:50 pm14 Lexington, Daily Except Sunday 6:18 pm32 Jacksonville, Fla., Daily 6:33 pm31 Cincinnati, O., Daily 10:38 pm130 Lexington Daily . 10:23 p mTRAINS FOR LEAVCNo.16 Maysville, Daily except Sunday g:3o am34 Cincinnati, waily !"o:30am40 Cincinnati, daily except Sunday !7:45 am11 Lexington, daily except Sunday 7:47 am10 Maysville, daily except Sunday 7:48 am25. Lexington, daily except Sunday 955 am37 Knoxville, daily 9:57 am133 Lexington, daily !l0:20 am33 Jacksonville, daily 10:22 am18 Maysville, daily t. ...12:04 pm26 Cynthiana, daily except Sunday 12:05 pm13 Lexington, daily except Sunday !.3:17 pm38 Cincinnati, daily !3:20 pm39 Lexington, daily except Sunday g.57 -9 Rowland, Daily except Sunday ""..!! !".! 600 Dm14 Maysville, daily except Sunday e'.oo32 Chicago, daily .'.'.. .''..'W""." 6-38 m30 Cynthiana, daily except Sunday 648 Dm139 Lexington, Sunday only I"'.!.!" g38 nm118 Maysville, Sunday only , '.'".'. 930 im119 Rowland, Sunday only .. a'. An J!129 Lexington, Daily , .".".".".. ".""!."."." ." 6l35 d mo. ti:i:e-t:b:il.;e;NO. TRAINS ARRIVE FROM2 Frankfort, Ky., Daily Ex. Sunday... 7.304 Frankfort, Ky., Daily Ex. Sundaj "' rIca rjTRAINS DEPART FOR P1 Frankfort, Ky., Dally Ex. Sunday g.25 .S VnnUort, Ky., Dally Ex. Sunday c :25 p. ,-r..Hen'!tnroM! WIU,U IFuneral Director.to Sunday School!SCHOOL ASSOCIATIONIIUDAY, APRIL. 6,1917.YTHE BOURBON NEWS, PARIS, KY.PAGESOCIAL AND PERSONAL, march honor rollTAXATION FOR ROADS 'operating under a special franchise'IN KENTUCKY, from the legislature. The incentivei to road building at that time being Comings and Goings of OurThe framers of the Constitution of first the dividends to be derived on People Here There andthe United States in their endeavor the turnpike stock from tolls receiv-' Elsewhereto establish a form of government as ed, and second that the communit1far removed irom a monarcny as pos- might have a better road. Under this atPARIS CITY SCHOOLSFIRST GRADE A.minium m ! 1 1 i 1 u n i in i 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 itColeman Burns 91, Elizabeth Collier93, Virginia Honican 92, Katie Irvine fW "P "Rrriwn ?a ill nt llPr flti T.noiln. VV1ai QK Tnnr nnt.n. t j.?K1a AnamaA if fnqWDohln in nt-anin. 1- J innj t- ... .,,,.. J T . ' -""" iMmiCi uu, HiU.1 J UJCOUU1 lO faiu,' "" " ,uou,waui w aOLeiu m j.yu, iveniucKy siooci nrst nome on South Main street. grig 90 Vivian Smith 94 Dorothyany office or delegate any authority in the list of States in the number of Miss Corinne Collins is a guest ofc Thomas 91 Rollo Cavanaueh 91 Euwithout at the same time limiting that miles of improved highways, having the Misses Howell, in Huntington, rhamhPrq q; Nnah r'winauthority or creating an additional over 8,000 miles of hard surfaced road. West Virginia. ton 92 P?ward Shout 9? toffice and delegating such authority to About 1898 there began a marked agi- Mr- and Mrs- 0scar Hinton were Ji a anout yj. vit as would serve to make it a check tation for the removal of the toll gate gu?sts of Lexington friends last Sa-J GRADE 1A. 4.upon the other. We find this same idea and as a result thereof, practically all I,3 em r ' Elizabeth Douglass 92, Louise Ban-written into all our State Constitu- of the toll gates were removed from ,a JS?1 ?f iVuJlJf S i8ter 94' Marcia Rland 91, Kenney Jtions. This is particularly true as re- the toll roads in the subsequent years, her home near Paris Williams 93, Alma Neal 94, Louisegards taxation and w find a provision some by purchase, some by gift and Miss Mary McCarthy has returned Mulfineer 96, Margaret English 91, Tof our State Constitution which limits some by condemnation. At any rato to her home in Lexineton. after a visit Marv Frances Hodge 91, Albert Blythe fthe county tax rate to 50 cents on the the burden of purchase, together with to Mrs. John J. McCarthy, in this 94, Verlm Rose 96, Thenosha McCordWolf, Wile & Co.Lexington, KentuckyThis Ishundred dollars and a further limita the additional burden of maintaining city-Misses Margaret and Clara High-194, Franklin Carter 93.2 GRADE A.The ProperSelect YourTime Totion to the effect that the county levy these one time tnll roads, which thorpfor roads and bridges should not ex- tofore had been maintained from the 0VJbf f &J5K Windell Reading 90, Harvey Hill 93,ceed twenty cents. While there may proceeds of the tolls, fell upon the tax- Avenue 'Lucille Frederick 92, Myrtle Dunawaybe some justification for the establish- payer and the tax levy. It is signifi- !. wre nnn,n T.nni h, 95. Cha. Hook 93. Tila. Kiser .qr. .Tp-ment of limitations, any limitation cant to note that no provision was leturned to her home in Lexington sie Irine 92, Katy Elvove 93, Alma fwith respect to roads which does not made for an increase in the tax levy after a visit to Mr. and Mr.s Oscar Logan 91, Ruth Payne 93, Sam Hen-take into consideration the changing which previous to that time had been T. Hinton, on High street. dricks 95,' James Reading 91, William Tconditions of wear, together with the hardly sufficient for the needs of other Mrs. George Moss and Mrs. Chas. Smiill 94 'james wilmoth 91 'changes in the amount and character county roads. Parrish have returned to their homes ' n ' Tof travel, serves only to hamper and p to the elimination of the toll f?eJn after vWt to Mrs. Edwn R 'Jretard progress and dissipate commu- gate? praclicallv all of the traffic on JMr Ffank'p Ker of the E T !Jolm Koontz 95, H. B. Hill 93. ;nity wealth by not properly caring for these roads was business trafRc. Thera Spears& sons' 'force, 'has gone to I 2B. !?what we already have. was comparatively little pleasure West Baden Springs, West Baden, j T. J. Judy 91, Richard Best 90. IRoad building on an extensive scale traffic Since tne elimination of the Indiana, for a two-weeks' vacation i GRADE 3A Iin Kentucky was started in 1827, large- toU and the coming of the aut0. stay. William Wilson 90, Ben Riddell 90, gly through state subscriptions for mobile into almost universal US6f tnese Mr.s Edward Innes and daughter. Li, Burns 90 nn Harrfs 93f Joseph 4.stock in what was then called State conditions have been largely reversed " Clara Innes have returned to ine Jerers willIam Yerkes 94 Dof.Roads. Then followed a period ot and there are many of our roads car. their home m 2sicholasille after a Pepper 94 Rosa Mae Carr 94road building by turnpike companies a larger percentage of pleasure" t0 fnendS a"d rlatlves in th,s j Frances Taylor 95. Helen Roberts 95.traffic than business traffic, and a to Mrs. William Howard, of Rich- Rebecca Collier 95, Alice Burton 95.tal volume of traffic eight and ten mond, was a guest this week of her! Evelyn Allen 96. i.ANNOUNCEMENT.We are authorized to announce thetimes greater than under the old condi- sister, Mrs. Mayme Remington Partions. rish, who has been very ill for sometime.GRADE 3B.Zona Ray 93, Hallie Snapp 91, Fran-ices Marshall 92, Robert Collier 94.rnVts-k nninnl ? r. ij-i nnnnfmW i"k i , ..1 iir- .iiiiiti 1 v ik liiiiiir'iii 1 1111 .. a- -a-JKA - - 111CTC T T 1 L 111 iliXaill rui lirillJIIBooa wemocrais oeioy as canuiuMi j already wavering under the c.im, It frnm ni Ohio Pauline Chism 90- Jessie Curtis 94at the Democratic primary 011 August . . - . .'.. lo nAA. sanday night from Davton, Ohio, ATvrtia wtenn Q4the offices to which UUiUC" Ui- ""-"6 i& '-'wnere sne nas oeen a guest ot ner -" -- -tional mileace of roads has nroven en-.nmtiior ATr wiinnm 0'riiii nnrl Mrs. 1 GRADE 4A.1 .., ..l. .. ....v... w -. .. ,4, 1917, to fillthey aspire:FOR, STATE SENATORLEE W. WAINSCOTT,Clark County.GEORGE HON,Clark Comity.ABRAM RENICK,Clark County.FOR REPRESENTATIVE.C. M. THOMAStirely inadequate to provide for the in- O'Neillcreased wear due to the large increase j Mrs. Taylor Chandler and daughin traffic .ind the roads of Kentucky ter, Miss Martha Jane Chandler, whohave been showing a marked deteriora-1 have been guests of relatives in thistion from year to year, until at the J city, have returned to their home inpresent sho has slipped from first to j Covington.fiftoonth nir.rp in th i?ct of Rnnri I Mr. D. C. McNamara returned)Roads Sta-s . Wednesday morning to Boston, Mass." " t . 4 , (after a short visit here. Mrs. Mc-iso rauonai numan ueing expecib uj . VaTnarn nnfl rtftllrhter will remain for aFOR SHERIFF.WILL G. McCLINTOCK,...VU Doc Marshall and Bob Gilkey asdeputies.L. A. SOPER,Witk D. E. Clarke and L. C. Ashcraftas deputies.' receive something for nothing. The average business man is satisfied if heFOR COUNTY ATTORNEYDAVTO D. OLINE.COUNTY SUPERINTENDENT OFSCHOOLS.J. B. CAYWOOD.MISS MABEL ROBBINS,FOR JAILERGEO. W. JTJDYTHOS. TAUL,JOHN H. DOTY,WALKER KISER,C. T. MASTERSON,W. O. BUTLER,JOHN W. KING,J. W. HART.( FOR ASSESSORWALTER CLARK,t. Paris, with Jno. J. Redmon, of NorthMIddletown, as deputy.GEO. D. SPEAKES,ot Paris, with Lee R. Craven, of LittleRo5k. at Deputy.FOR MAYORJAMES H. MORELAND.W. O. HINTONE. B. JANUARY:FOR POLICE JUDGECLAUDE F. REDMON,J. W. BROWN,P. A. THOMPSON.HARRY L. MITCHELL.ERNEST MARTINlonger visit.Mrs. Frank Sullivan and children,receives a reasonable return for his who have been guests of Misses Win!outlay. He would not expect the same fred Hanley and Marcella Ryan, onamount of service from two articles ofequal cost if one was subjected toeight or ten times more use than theother. He would expect to pay forthese articles in proportion to the service rendered. The law-maker and thetax-payer, however, seem never to haverealize.d that they could free themselves of the burden of the toll gatetax and take over, pay for, and maintain the turnpikes and the public roadsby taxation under conditions of constantly increasing service and wear,without at the same time increasingHigh street, have returned to theirhome in Frankfort.Miss Bessie Evans will return toParis soon from the Good SamaritanHospital, In Lexington, where she hadbeen undergoing treatment for someI time. Miss Evans is considerably inproved.Capt Speed Hibler, of Maysville,popular Louisville & Nashville passenger conductor, who has been a patient in the Hayswood Hospital, in7vlaysille, for several weeks, is able1to be out again.Harry Tucker 96, Ethel May Woodford 91, Ethel May Shanklin 92, Lillian Taylor 90, Holt Henry 91, ElmetaDouglass 91, Maggie Carr 91.GRADE 4B.Josephine Lapsley 97, Anne C. Talbott 97, Will Moore Lair 96, MarieBishop 95, Gertrude Smelser 94, William Hinton 93, Dudley Deaver 93, Dorothy Frye 93, Pearl Hitch 92, HildrethReese 91, Edward Delaney 91, WillieBerry 90.GRADE 5A.Edgar Hill 94, Delilah Florence 91GRADE 5B.Harry Clay 92, George Ewalf 90.Hallan Goldstein 93, Clarence Mullins90, Elgin Story 94, Dallas Blythe 91.Pansy Burns 91, Thelma Colliver 94,Frances Clark 04, Louise Kirkpatrick90.GRADE 6 A.Katherine Florence 91.GRADE 6B.Thos. Spicer 93, Carolyn Wilmoth'92, Irene Estes 93, Anna Louise Sauer91, Jeanne Harris 91, Violet Crow 91.Martha Collier 90, Edna Earl Burns 91.GRADE 7A.Kathryn Walllngford 96, Mary L.Collier 96, Morris Price 95, Vollie Lykins 92, Mae Tyree 93.GRADE 7B.Marie Colliver 91, Nannette ArkleMrs. Jesse Hazelriire has returnedthe rate of tax or making provision in t0 her ume jn Winchester, after asome other way for an increased rev- visit to her mother, Mrs. C. A Daughenue to meet these changed conditions, erty, on Mt. Airy avenue. Mr3.It is a marvelous commentary upon Daugherty, who has been very ill, isthe intelligence of the American tax-, considerably improved,payer that so little of their remarka-j Miss Elizabeth Stuart Carter,hie business acumen should be dis- daughter of Mr. and Mrs. O. P. Car-plaved in the administration of public ter. Jr" and Ga'le Browne, son ol92( Margaret Hill 94, Ed. D. Paton 91,funds. The remedy is obvious. More Mr- Mrs- ,Mrga Browne, were ome Turner 91i !.. lA ,- tto,m.-,. operated on at the Massie Memorial 1 npAnrCAroads and better roads in Kentucky Tuesday, for enlarged tonsils n . 1?IDAnfl qMmlprcan be secared only by providing ad- and adenoi(is. The operations were' Collins Hall 90, Raymond Stamlerditional revenue and expending it em- successful, and the young people have 90, Norbert Freidman 92.ciently. 'returned to their respective homes. ! GRADE SB.I Winchester Sun: "Mrs. E. C. Fox, I JacK lair so. nouert nun , ua.s,ho has been with her brother, Dr , Tucker 91.PrA.nerltv a Peace Wilkerson, of Paris, during a protract GRADE 9.AP 7 u i. v 1 illness, has returned to her home Margaret Lavin 93, Catherine Bro-"?e0fL,Lb'r forafeyda?s.u.J!rS.J.C,ElUslfC. phy , Bernice P.orece 93, Alma'Lr .' T,27'L ..;'. , :e4nes"a?' lor f?"s- V,.S1' Uila Goldstein 94, Thos. A. HenUltltl, TtUUXMLU. ouu. i-uim ivi a.u. abfciAw w ijOUie rJITier. . . . lUrS. JUUIl .rt.. duwci,which kings and queens would be 0f Paris, is a guest of Mrs. J. W.nroud. I will build a schoolhouse in Ishmael Mrs. S. W. Willis, of Paris.SPRINGCORSETJust before you buy your Spring Gown or Tailor Suitlet us fit you to any one of the many excellent style corsets we carry. For weeks we have been receiving thenewest models produced byThe Redfern ManufacturersThe Madame Irene ManufacturersThe Bien Jolie ManufacturersThe La Camille (Fpont Lace) MakersThe Nemo ManufacturersThe Warner Rustproof ManufacturersAnd our own Nannette MakersShapes, styles and prices to suit every customer. Fitand comfort assured and hygienic fittings given by expert fitters.Make your appointment at once for a fitting.Wolf, Wile Co.Lexington, Kentucky.SH H 1 1 1 1 1 U"M"M"H"H-H-1"H' ! H- ! I ! ! 1 1 HI 1 1 1 1Winter, , t. :, ,.: j'JJ ii:,. ,,. xc. omi Alirft Adair 94. William BroDhy 93.every vauey over uie wnoie earui. 1 ia Hiue 'wau.w " " " ----- - - . - -dricks 92, Geraldine Herrin 97.GRADE 10.11 omwn -vprv hillfilrlfi with a ulace Mrs. Brink Renick, of Paris, visited at 'Eugene Lair 92, Thelma Squires 94of worship consecrated to the gospel the home of Mrs. Scott Renick, Sun-, GRADE 11lm,.,iMc,n.,. ida'- I Charles Kenney 90, Robert Lavin 92.(Other Personals on Page o) Edna Snapp 94.! GRADE 112.Fithian Arkle 9Tourist Ticketsof peace. Charles Sumner.ailllllllilllilllllllllllilllllllllllillltlllllllllllllllllllllllfflr-.T-'-VRMks: iRound-trip Winter Tourist Ticketson sale daily Oct 1, 1916, until AprilOf 1017 tttH-V. fSnnl Y-attiT-n Hrritf XTotrEsther Boatright " 7Z?4 " VT, rz,,i MR. !.,92, Edgar Estes 91, Ethel Harper 9.,, ta Alabamaf Florida, Georgia, Louisl1 Albert Lavin 91, Lona McCord 91. ana Mississippi, New Mexico, NorthMaud Tavlor 91. Preston white 3.5. Carolina. South Carolina, Texas andKENTUCKY TRACTION& TERMINAL COMPANYInterurban Schedule.CABS LEAVE10:05 p. m. n:oo p. auParis Lexingtoafor forLexington Paris6:45 a. m. 6:0 jl. m.7:30 a. m. 7:20 a. m.8:15 a. m. 8:00 a. m.9:00 a. m . 8:50 a. m.9;45a.m. 10:2 a. a11:15 a. m. n:50 a. m.12:45 p. m. i;20 p. m.2:15 p. m. 2:50 p. m.3:45 p. m. 3:30 j. m,4:30 p. m. 4:20 p. m.5:15 p. m. 5:00 p. mu6:05 p. m. 6:00 p. .6:50 p. m. 7:20 p. m.8:15 p. m. 9:io p. m..Luella Wiles 92.Havana, Cuha, allowing liberal stop-over privileges on both going and re-IG1RLS! THICKEN AND j turn trip. Also low round-trip Home-I 'BEAUTIFY YOUR HAIR seekers Tickets on sale first and thirdand STOP DANDRUFr Tuesdays of each month to points inAND STOP danukun fAlaDama, Florida, Louisiana andL. . , " ZT- r-to a, Mississippi, with final return limitTry Th.s! Your Ha.r Gets Wavy wentve days from date 0f sale.Glossy and Abundant !For further information, call on or ad-at Once. 'rlrps.are made exclusively for5 medium and full figuresHj Rengo Belt Corsets are not intended forslender women they are strong, sturdy cor-EE: sets for medium and stout women, rein-E forced by a specially designed and exclusiveRenso Belt feature for straightening theS abdominal line.E in every other respect these famous corsetsare ideal for reducing because of their perfectE lines and absolute strength. Rengo BeltCorsets cannotbe stretched out of shape orbroken, no matter what amount of wearing5 stress is put upon them by heavy figures.They will mould to their own beautiful linesbecause they are stronger than any figure,SEE yet pliable and comfortable because they have5 no "fiTings" or "trappings" of any kind-nnthinff to indicate that they are speciallyconstructed Reducing corsets, unless youunderstand the scientific tailoring of thedesign itself.S All models are boned throughout with double watch-spring steels, and some are fitted with "dcilasiic webbinginserts, for more active freedom,1 For Sale by FRANK & CO.?;J-?!SS M0u )STEELASTIC 7f ' MWEBBING JC 5 MS1 C-U 1 IL tll I 111 B4. tWi A,r'- 1RENGOBELTF.EATURETo be possessed of a head of heavy,.beautiful hair; soft, lustrous, fluffy.I wavy and free from dandruff is merely,a matter of using a little Danderine.i It is easy and inexpensive to have ,! nice, soft hair and lots of it. Just get ja 25-cent Dottle of Knowlton's Dander-I. .. -. x A IJ ine now an arug stores retummcuu n.appiy a little as directed and withinten minutes there will be an appearjance of abundance, freshness, fluffi-iness end an incomparable gloss andlustre, and try as you will you can notfind a trace of dandruff or fallinghair; hut your real surprise will be after about two weeks use, when youwill see new hair fine and downy atfirstyes hut really new hairsprouting out all over your scalp! Danderine is, we helieve, the only surehair grower, destroyer of dandruff andcure for itchy scalp and it never fail3to stop falling hair at once.If you want to prove how prettyand soft your hair really is, mositen acloth with a little Danderine and carefully draw it through your hair taking one small strand at a time. Yourhair will oe soft, glossy and beautifulin just a few moments, a delightfulsurprise awaits everyone who trie3this. (a)W. V. SHAW, Agent,or J. K. SMITH. T. A.PRICES$2.00, 3.lt and $5.0tHIHIHttHmfMIIHIllillMiiHiiinlA Virginia Inventor's sandpaperingmachine consists ot an endless belt ofsandpiper, driven by twio drums thatare rotated y a treadle.Pare lithiaa, which is the lightestj metal lfnown has no practical use.Rest at uour ease,nspitcojfrq;COat -1X5sure tojmittourfVjvSSffV v kLMYd V-tfvnvw x issiD.ON'T let a cold snapbother you any.Keep that coal binfilled up. If you need itnow you can have itpromptly, because our delivery is as full of speed asour coal is full of quality.BURNPOX RIDGECOALW. C. D0DS0NYou Don't Have taStoopIf You Use aGarlandCabinetRange' llll I WfcKniBBVSBBBBBBlBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBB) 'yrSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSlyBsHESESSsUIBSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSkm iA beautiful, line of Garland n rifeplay. Come in and lok them vtr.Paris Gas ft Electric Gt.PACK POURTHE BOURBON NEWS, PARIS, KY.-FRIDAY, APRIL S, UN.4Hatl :'P,i'it?iThe Bourbon NewsEstablished 1881 35 Years of Continuous Publication.'' 'Sty It d Every Tuesday and Friday.S S yEf r ?2.00 Six Months. .$1.00Payable in Advance.aft?! FT CHAMP, Editor and Owner.PUBLIC SALE OFTHE "WILDWOOD" LOTS.(Entered at the Paris, Kentucky,Postofiice as Mail Matter of theSecond Class.)UP WITH THE FLAG!SHOW YOUR COLORS!Since the publication of a shortItem in THE NEWS in Tuesday's issuein regard to the American flag beingdisplayed here, there has heen a verynot&ble increase in the number of tlisistarry banners placed in position.A big flag was placed on the CityHall, that being the only public buildlag, besides the Government building.so decorated.We believe the people of Paris arejust as patriotic as those of any otherplace in Kentucky, but they are slowto get enthused over anything. Inother sections of Kentucky patrioticmeetings are being held, flags displayed almost everywhere and patriotism seems rampant but Paris rejnains seemingly unmoved beyond aere ripple on the surface!At this time when the nation is facing cne of the greatest and gravestcrises that has arisen since the CivilWar enthusiastic citizens of othercities nearby are attesting their patriotism in divers ways, but Paris standsaloof. It is not because we areless patriotic than others, but because, we are slow to get in motion and gel- up our fervor.THE NEWS asks the business menof Paris, and the property-owners, whoare not afraid to attest their Amerl.c&nism, to put '01d Glory" up. Longmay she wave!" If you are whollyAmerican, in this crisis and we believe all are show your colors.A patriotic Paris woman said to, THE NEWS man yesterday that themoet Inspiring sight in Paris is theTrig American flag floating proudly inthe breeze from the top of the FirstNational Bank building. In Maysville'and other nearby cities the County"Courts have ordered big flags raised, over the court house the people's" house why not Paris? Every public building in Paris should make to-l day "Flag Day." The emblem of Hbr erty is the grandest piece of buntingthat was ever conceived, and it shoul 1.lie our duty to have it on display.; . Up with "The Stars and Stripes."Show your allegiancelThere was a large attendance Wednesday at the auction sale of lots inthe "Wildwood" Addition to Paris, being that part of the Bourbon Countyfair grounds, recently purchased byGeo. W. Wilder, Henry S. Caywoodand Edward H. Gorey, of Paris.The Addition, which composed atotal of twenty-three acres, was platted off into twelve lots. Preceedlngthe sale a number of prizes wereawarded to ticket-holders, as follows:Rug, Mrs. John McGinley; watch,Mr. Nathan Bayless, Jr.; chair, MissMary Welsh; $2.50 in gold, each toMrs. Fred Wood, Martin O'Neal and H.M. Bridges.The sale of tots resulted as follows:Nos. 1 and 2 Harry Mitchell,$1,000.No. 3 Dr. H. M. Hamilton, $1,055.No. 4 J. T. Collins, 1,425.No. 5 Catesby Spears, $1,575.No. 6 Catesby Spears, $1,400.No. 7 Monroe Mansfield, $1,085.No. 8 P. A. Thompson, $1,425.No. 9 Mrs. Will Kenney, $1,505.No. 10 W. G. McClintock, $1,375.No. 11 and 12 J. T. Woodall, $1,030.MRS HANNAH DUNCANTAYLOR'S WILL PROBATED!BOARD OF EDUCATIONAPPOINTS TRUSTEESIn the Bourbon County Court, Tues-! day, the last will and testament of'Mrs. Hannah Duncan Taylor, who diedat her home in Paris last week wasadmitted 'to probate by County Judge jCharles A. McMillan.The instrument which was datedMarch 25, 1917, was brief, and bequeathed her entire estate to her threesons, Messrs. William and Louis Taylor, of Paris, and Duncan Taylor, otLos Angeles, Cali. The three sonswere named as executors of the estate,and it was asked that no bond be required of them. The Court appointedthem in that capacity.The estate consists of two fineBourbon farms, located on the Parisand Maysville pike, just outside th2city limits of Paris, containing 192acres; a house and lot on Pleasantstreet, in Paris, besides her personalproperty.Messrs. William, Louis and DuncanTaylor qualified as executors of theestate. Messrs. Geo. TL Bell, DuncanBell and Geo. W. Stuart were named asapparisers of the estate.TOBACCO COTTONAll grades, at Harry Simon's(2mar-tf)'AUTO ACCIDENT.In this city lastSunday afternoon inan auto accident which occurred onMain street, Misses Anna Jewell Cromwell, Irene Smith and Gertrude Wallingford, Mr. James Itees and Mr. Leroy Williams, all of Cynthiana, werethrown from the machine in whichthey were riding when a big autostruck it.The machine in which the Cynthiana party was riding was thrownacross the street against a telephonepole, and so badly damaged that itcould not be used for the party to return in. Miss Smith sustained serious injuries, Miss Cromwell was only'slightly injured, and the rest of theparty escaped unhurt It is not knownwho was in the car which struckthem, but the number of the machinewas ascertained.BUSINESS CHANGES.Mr. Charles Tackett, who has forseveral months been assistant at theN. A. Moore & Co. pool rooms, onMain street, has resigned, to acceptthe position of assistant ticket agentat the Tenth street L. & N. passengerstation in this city. Mr. Tackett is asplendid young business man, who willsoon become popular with the traveling public.Mr. Tackett succeeds Mr. MillerKiser, who, with Mr. Wallace Kiser,has gone to Canada, where they willbe employed during the summer andfall on the big wheat ranch of E. F.Spears & Sons, of Paris. Mr. Kiserlikes the railroad work, and in resigning, paid a compliment to the service in Paris.At a meeting of the Bourbon CountyBoara of Education, held in the officeof Mws Mabel Itobbins, County Superintendent of Schools. Mr. Henry Ingelswas unpointed Trustee of the Palmerschool, and Mr. W. E. Cook, Trusteeof .the Eals school. Mr. James Caldwell was sworn in ae Trustee of theDeaver school. Mr. Finley Burris waselected chairman of the EducationalDivijicn No. 4, with Mr. Aylette Buck- jner, secretary.Trustee Ingels and Superintendentof Schools Bobbins were appointed acommittee to confer with the patronsof the Amentsville district in regardto the purchase of property.It was decided that the teachers beallowed time to attend the meeting ofthe Kentucky Educational Association, provided they attend the full session, and provided that all the teachersfrom the same school attend.It was also decided, that all schoolshaving an attendance of less than 25per cent, for seven months, shall beclosed.ComingAttractionsPARIS GRAND AND ALAMOFIRST AWARD UNDERCOMPENSATION LAW.The first award or settlement madeunder the provisions of the recentlyenacted Workmen's Compesation law.in Paris, was effected Wednesday,when Mr. A. J. Fee, local agent for theAetna Insurance Co., received a checkfor $701.58 from the State for Mr. Martin Spegal, of Paris. Spegal had hishand badly burned while working asa blacksmith in the employ of Bradley& Brannon, in Paris, the injuries being such as to prevent him from resuming work. The check was a fulland complete settlement.BOLD HIGHWAYMENACCOMPLISH HOLD-UPA bold highway robbery was madenear Austerlitz recently when RobertRoebuck, colored, was held up at thepoint of a revolver by two negroesnamed Charles Mooney and! JohnWhaley and relieved of $9 in currency.News of the hold-up was reported atAusterlitz, and a posse was soon organized and set in pursuit of the highwaymen, who were soon caught. TheSheriff's office at Paris was notified.Deputy Sheriffs Marshall and Gibson' responded, and the men were brought,to the Paris jail.NORTH MIDDLETOWN MASONSTO ORGANIZE RED CROSS.North Middletown Masons will opena branch of the Red Cross Society.Washington Lodge, at its regularmeeting Tuesday night decided toopen a branch of the Red Cross Society there.This work will not be confined tothe Masonic Lodge alone, but everyman and woman In the communitywho is patriotic enough to want todo something for the cause, is invitedto meet at the lodge room this (Friday) evening, April 6, at 7:30.Physicians and ladies of Lexingtonwho are interested in the work will heinvited to attend and present -flhcause and give instructions in thework. Dr. Arthur Keller, of Paris,visited the lodge Tuesday evening andgave a very enjoyable talk on Masonry, and it was at his suggestionthat this work will be organized.LOST.A silver horseshoe pin, "somewherein Paris." Finder will be rewarded byreturning same to this office.(6-tf.NOTICEAll persons having claims againstthe estate of Mrs. Hannah DuncauTaylor, deceased, are hereby notifiedto present same, properly proven aslequired by law, to the undersigned,at the office of Stuart & O'Brien, corner Main and Eighth Streets, Paris,Kentucky.(It) WILLIAM TAYLOR.IMPORTANT CASE IN! CLARK CIRCUIT COURT.RED CROSS SOCIETY.Master's SaleBOURBON CIRCUIT COURT.City of Paris PlaintiffVs. Notice of Sale.William Freeman DefendantFridayRUTH STONEHOUSEandFRANKLIN FARNUMin"LOVENEVER.55Bluebird Feature.MRS. VERNON CASTLEin66PATRIA99SATURDAY.Peggy Hyland and Marc McDermoti'in(iINTRIGUE"Vitagraph feature of high merit. Alsotwo Big V comedies.MONDAYMae Murray in"THE PLOW GIRL9?Paramount feature produced by Famous Players. Burton Holmes' Travels and Bray's Cartoons.Hours-Alamo, 2 to 5:30; Paris Grand7 to 10:30, Admission 5 and 1 Oc.NOTICE TO HOG OWNERS.. You are hereby notified to remove'jail hogs and pigs from within the citylimits of Paris at once. The law has-expired for the keeping of hogs Intown and violators of same will beSubject to the penalty.A. H. KELLER,? (3-2t) City Health Officer.One of the most important cases tobe heard at this term of the Clark Circuit Court is that of R. P. Scobee, ofWinchester, against N. Ford Brent, ofParis, the plaintiff suing to recoverabout $11,000, which he alleges waspaid to Brent as the result of jwrongful grass seed deal.At a former term of the Court Mr.Brent obtained a judgment against DS. Gay and others when he was suedby them for alleged failure to delivercertain quantities of blue grass seed.He contended that the plaintiffs hadformed a combination to control theseed market in restraint of trade, andin this he was upheld by the Court"The Gem of the FamousvBlack Prairie Land Belt""THE ONLY ONE OF ITS KIND FOR SALE."IN QUARTER AND HALF, SECTION TRACTS."TWO MILES OF SPLENDID TURNPIKE FRONTAGE."This plantation is recognized to be the most fertile and best lyin?tke best located and the best fenced section of and in famous Black Landvelt- Located in Northeastern Mississippi, agout four miles from the City ofWest Point, Clay County. West Point is a thriving city of about seventhousand, with three railroads, large cotton plant, splendid schools andmade up of cultured Southern folks. This property is located on fine turnpike with the best of Kentucky families as close neighbors.. From a standpoint of productiveness, health conditions and climate, itjg the most desirable to be found. This Is ,the most attractive bargain in' -tkis stock and grain section. Three hundred growing and grazing days ina"year.The soil is noted for the production of the finest Alfalfa, Corn, Cotton,vUI-eepedaza, or Japan Clover, Bermuda and other grasses which afford theJfeeet of pasture lands.The Black Prairie Belt is a small area and will evidently "some day bewm& of the highest priced agricultural lands in the entire South.There are now something over one hundred acres of this section seed-ed in alfalfa. The soil produces fine Clovers and is in a high state of cul-tlyatlon, as years have been spent in building the soil and making improve-nents, which consist of a good six room bungalow and three stock barns,watered by a private water system from artesian wells. There are three'"wells on the section, one of which Is a flowing well; quite .a number ofHood tenant dwellings.1 This is a finished farm and the lest and cheapest of labor now on they plantation.v. This proposition must be seen to ue appreciated.The Paris Chapter of the Red CrossSociety will hold a card party at th;Masonic Temple on Vuesday, April 10at 2:3p o'clock. A charge of fiftycents for each player will be made.This will include refreshments. Reservations for bridge, five hundred orsix-hand euchre may be made withMrs. Arthur B. Hancock. Any who donot care to play cards may come andenjoy a social hour with refreshments.The object of the card party is toobtain money to purchase hospitalsupplies for the Red Cross work. Itis earnestly hoped that the card partywill be liberally patronized by thepublic. 'B-4 f-IREInsure withW.O.HINTON &SON,AgtsTESTING WATER PRESSURE.Mr. H. D. Holladay, of Louisville,'.representing the Insurance Acturial'Bureau, and a representative from the(engineering department of the Univerjslty of Kentucky at Lexington, werein Paris, Wednesday, making tests o".the water pressure for fire purposesfurnished by the plant of the ParisWater Company.Tests were made from the fire hydrants at the corner of Broadway andHign streets; near the fire departmentheadquarters, and from the hydrantlon Main, near Box 32. An alarm sentin from this box called, the department on a test run which was made inremarkably quick time. Tests of thepressure were also made there. Thegentlemen reported as a result of theirinvestigations that the pressure forefficient fire prevention purposes, wasabout half what it should be. Thetests were conducted as a result of. arecent .visit here of Chief Deputy StateFire Marshal Edward Hite, formerly ofParis,Prices reasonable; very liberal terms with six per cent, interest.For further Information, address,Fir?, wind and lightninginsurance.Thomas, Woodf ord & Bryan.MORE WEATHER.s;EDWARD H. BYARS,First and City National Bank Building,' i Lexington, Kentucky. ''SOUTHERN LANDS AND BLUE GRASS FARMS A" iOLIVER BOND, Auctioneer.(f-2t) iSPECIALTY."I "Yesterday was a fair example ofhow disagreeable a day can be inApril. If April showers bring Mayflowers, there ought to be an overplusin the supply for the coming month.A cold rain fell, most of the day, accompanied by a high blustery windJ that made an umbrella first cousin toan aeroplane, and gave pedestrians all.they could, do to "nibve upright"Under and by virtue of a judgmentand order of sale rendered at theMarch. term, 1917, of the Bourbon Circuit Court, in the above styled actiontherein pending, the undersigned Master Commissioner, onSaturday, April 21, 1917,at the front door of the Court House,in Paris, Kentucky, at about the hourof 11 o'clock a. m., will sell at public auction to the highest and bestbidder, the following described property:A certain house and lot of groundsituated in the City of Paris, BourbonCounty, Kentucky, being on the northeast corner of Higgins Avenue andLilleston Avenue, In the said city;lots fronts 50 feet on Lilleston Avenueand extends back the same width asin front, with Higgins Avenue 150feet, and is the same property conveyed to W. B. Freeman by LinnieFreeman, by deed of record in thethe Bourbon County Clerk's office.Deed Book 91, page 61.Said sale will be made upon the credits of six and twelve months, the purchaser or purchasers being requiredto execute two bonds for equal partsof the purchase money, due six an Itwelve months from date of sale respectively, and bearing interest at therate of six per cent, from date of saleuntil paid, and having the force andeffect of judgments, with good surety,to be approved by said Commissioner.The purchaser or purchasers will havethe privilege of -paying cash and stopping the interest at any time.Said sale is made for the purpose ofsatisfying the lien indebtedness of theCity of Paris for the sum of $7.42, atsix per cent, interest from NovemberJ, 1914, and the sum of $7.42 with interest from November 1, 1915, andtheir costs, subject $p credit of ?5.(Ppaid Feb. 20, 1916, and for the furtherpurpose of satisfying the lien indebtedness in favor of the Bourbon Building &. Loan Association in the sum of$166.50 with interest thereon at sixper cent, from the 15th day of April,1916, and the further sum of $12.25with interest thereon from March 17.1917, and their costs herein expended,and for the further purpose of satisfying the lien of indebtedness in favorof J. H. Woodford and others in thesum of $142.09, with six per cent, interest from June 20, 1916, until paid,and their costs, the above liens beingset out in the-order of their priority.The total amount of the liens, interestand costs is estimated as of date ofsale at $420.00.O. T. HINTON,Master Commissioner Bourbon CircuitCourt.M. F. Kenney, Autctioneer."(aprl5-12-19) 'PUBLIC AUCTIONOFPEOPLES ROLLER MILLS(Johnson's Mill)At About the Hour of 12 O'clockMonday, April 16th (Court Day)At the Court House Door in Georgetown, Kentucky.This mill is located near Newtown, Kentucky, and co nsists oia substantial three-story brick mill building, with a frame ratproof wheat storage bin attached. Daily capacity:50 Barrels of Flour; 150 Bushels of Meail,Both Steam and Water Power.All machinery is in first class running order and is runningevery day making the celebrated Legal Tender and other wellknown brands. The present tenant is doing a good business.Splendid frame residence of six rooms, large barn, scales,plenty of crib room, garage, ice house, hen house, all necessaryoutbuildings, besides two small tenant houses, 11 acres of ground.This property is now renting for $100.00 per month and leaseduntil July 1st, 1917.TERMS Given at sale.For further information write or callPhone 674.C. E. NORMAN, Agt.,154 West Short Street,Lexington, KyM ri "H"M 4M''MH"I'M"MY m Sr PLOWS,Well Finished, Strong Durable, Light Draft.Rib Strengthened Mold, Full Chilled Shinpiece, InterlockedPoint, Land and Standard. Point has Face Chill, Wide EdgeChill, Long Snoot Chill, Patented Extension and 23 theSTRONGEST and MOST DURABLE Chilled Point made.When buying a Plow, consider Quality First, Price Sccocdfor sal:: byC. S. Ball GarageCor. Fourth and Pleasant St. .Agents Buick AutomobilesGoodyear TiresOur Vulcanizing Departmentis equipped with steam vulcanizer and run by an expert.Steam Heated GarageOPEN DAY AND NIGHTtgiiiinnuiiinnihiunnHninntMiiiiinTnTgyFRIDAY, APRIL 6, 1917.$HE BOURBON NEWS, PARIS, KY.w00fe?&p4gp3sFOR THE BESTNOTHING ELSESOCIAL AND PERSONAL.Comings and Goings of OurPeople Here, There andElsewhere.lin-fewCALLED MEETING OFCOMMERCIAL CLUE-Miss Virgil Gaitskill, of the CIlonville vicinity, is spending a fuuys in uincmnati.Miss Catherine Weathers, of Clin-XT";,1 i' vlslun& Mr. and Mrs. A. DThere will be a called meeting of iaaick, at Augusta.the Paris Commercial Club, to be held Misses Elizabeth Brown and Dougin the County Court room in the cour i?3 Cla attended a dance given inhouse next Tuesday nieht at. 7 -an Danville, Tuesday evening'rtlnlr tr nnnotilnw V. ?..... !. ATt !nrl Hon T"-. - - . ...7-r: rrXVi" ,"uai" , luipor" ..n Vr "a wey easiey, or lead the song service in a revivaluiuuc;. xv iuu u.ixeuuu.uce OL me mem- " -iio, nave moven rn irvno mocftno- v ,..i i t ti -Imibc A;;i"r,eside the future. B. Briney and M. G. Buckner..w iMJ,j winters leiL vesterrinv Air nnrl AlVa Tnuio Omjff f ni,?r I r 1- m a .-1.Varden Shpp, Mrs. Claude Weathers and Miss Catherine Weathers.Mr. H. Clay Weathers, of Covington, is a geust of relatives nearParis.Mr. Thos.. Henry Clay, Jr., ofParis, was a guest yesterday of Mr.J. Quincy Ward, in Frankfort.Mr. and Mrs. Chas. Snyder, of Detroit, Mich., are guests of Mr. J. C.Bryan, Jr., in North Middletown.Miss Matilda James will have asher guest for the Easter Dance tonight, Misses Alice Williams and JaneAdams, -of Frankfort.Mr. A. L. Boatright will leave today tor Owensboro, where he willbership is urgently requested.MASSIE MEMORIAL HOSPITAL.for PiiqViJmo. ru.ii , J . .? "Xkm "',;;i,; i: rt'. aT.d' "ere sne w ca&o and son, Mr. Wra. Swift, werei iPOA e future with a recent guests of Mr. and Mrs. HenryFroi : the day the Massie Memorial ',- Mr, Harry B. Mathers STprSSfSS.Hospital was opened for the reception ??' Swiit tChamPe visited in Cin- Chicago packing firm. Their son isof the first patient, up to yesterday, a """ " Covington, Wednesday and taking a special course under a tutortotal of one thousand patients have Tfp To t? at at the Elmendorf Farm, near Lexing-receivea treatment at the institution. x- " -"- - iUwau anu ton, iU.1. J. IThe one thousandth patient wasmitted yesterday.adSMALL ROBBERY.oung, Jr., .prominent Mt. Sterlingiuiaemeii, were ousiness visitorsParis this week.Air. and Mrs. Jim. TCynthiana Democrat: "Mrs. H. J.in Buzzard spent Monday in Paris with,,. her sister, Mrs. Frank Hodge...Collins, nnil tM..i ti.: t r -n ; ; .Mrs. Annie Cconer. nf Mnrth at ,i7n ' T. 1WUI1 u', '" "l ra.IiSLls a Sue?tunwn win iQn 7" i 'Wi"" ""UUiB oi nis aunt, Airs. h. j. Buzzard, mIJJS f0r a 3tay at Cynthiana.... Mr. Clay Cleveland wasI thT i' ,, A here yesterdayThieves entered the home of Rev.! -Miss Clara Belle O'Neill, organist Si Dleased with hisGeo. H. Harris, on Mt Airy, last Sun at the Paris Christian oWnh ,vhn ?u? plea!!d P.' iiitu j niu i!irni inn an cfrQui Paris. He isnew home, hasj ii.i .. ... i,oc v. in .. . . ' a "c mini ciuu apicnuiu lesmeuccuay mgm. una got away witn a little """ "" J "l lor se.veral ys, was the former Dick Barnett place on tlwchange, a razor and some eatables. rCpi2esrrdyr as, "vms. Hume & Bedford pike, recently own-Kev. Harris thinks the theives were n , bright, formerly of ed by Carl Dong."conceal in the house when he reach- FranMon" SEELE Winchester Sun: "Prof. J. T. Ila-cu "umw "vm ynunana, as no win- for Texn tn rpd.i , , w, zeingg lias returnea irom a visit t-aow naa ueen rorcea or locks broken. Mr. Preston Bales, who Tio hnrelatives in Paris Mrs. John M.NEXT SUNDAY IS EASTER.ery ill with pneumonia at the home ,slurseon ot Paris, spent Wednesdayof his nnrpntc: ATr oti m.0 r. -r 'ere as a guest of Mrs. George Mossr w, J.,i.. llvl mia. ,. i-.Bales, on Second street, is convales-guest of Mrs. Georgeand Mrs. C. W. Parrish Mrs. T. I.rnnf v ins anu uaugnter, iirs. r. u. rioua-Net Sunday is Easter Day and most Mrs. Arthur Best Mrs Martin day' left Wednesday nlSht for a visitof the local churches are already and Miss Ball, of Millersburg were t0 the former's daughter, Mrs. GeorgemnVinr an-in from onto rn oi ciipsts wn0rinV f i,a do'tu Jacoby, at Hutchison, in Bourbonmusical programs for that day as well aiy Club, to hear Mrs. Shearen's ad-as a special sermon bv. the nnstrs. "ress on. roetry.- -1 s ,x- .v.county.dress on "Poetry." turneaTioo Artin A olilrvlr- ,.!, l. 'U larlS....i.o, iU v, ignuiwn, iiu iiaa uccua guest of her sister. Mrs. Thns w...Mr. Phelps Renick has refrom a visit to relatives in.Miss Emma Frazier, who isXL aoaiei u is a pretLy One Ulere t n .." "I, """ r nftonilintr l,o AfillorchurP- PnllPP-p iUl be much display of new spring AI.Tn7on Duncan anuelrXrneJ visiting her mother, Mrs. Stoner Ob-SELLS FAYETTE LAND.t'.lULllllltl 21III1 MMIS 4 VI I riM HP!) TTIOP- . 1 T. -- ,m-" wv" "" uj ner nome in uyntniana, accompa-chants report that they have sold more nied by Miss Jean Allen.Baster clothing this spring than for ( Mr. W. F. Hathman, who recentlyseveral years. ! suffered a stroke of paralysis at hishome in Clintonville, is steadily im-j proving, with excellent chances forcomplete recovery.I Mr. Louis Saloshin, of Paris, whoMr. John T. Collins, of North Mid- recently underwent a serious operadletown, and Mr. Josh Coons, of Lex- tion at the Jewish Hospital, in Cin-1 Mr. Bennett Tarr, who has been conington, sold to Mr. T. L. Hardman, of cinnati, continues to improve. It is lucting a meat market and groceryFayette county, a tract of 880 acres of thought he may be able to return business in the storeroom adjoiningland located on the Downing Wilson lomf soon. N Kriener, on Main street, has closedpike, in Fayette county, for a total of , ri,mumd" vaf .u ...i out his stock of goods, disposed of hisden, during the Easter holidaysMrs. John Young and son, John Young,Jr., and Mrs. John Moore have returned from a visit to Mrs. Etta Moore,in Paris."(Other Personals on Page 3.1QUITS BUSINESS.friends yesterday to the effect thatfixtures and will retire from businessiiyi nnn i v -.,.- ion --... nnn T'Vu-n. "ivuua j-117wv' V1 auuut ou C1 "-lc' x"c- Rpv Dr TV Af R1,?vp fnrmorlv nnctnrbought the property five years ago 0 tiie paris Presbyterian Church who Mr- Tarr lias not yet determined uponfrom Col. Milton Young, of Lexington, nas been seriously ill at his home in his plans for the future.for a bout $75 per acre. It was cultivated profitably for a number of yearsMR. BATTERTON ANNOUNCESFOR COUNTY JUDGE.In this issue of THE NEWS, Mr.George Batterton, present County Attorney of Bourbon, announces hi3candidacy for the Democratic nomina-Decatur, Ala., is considerably improved. i Mr. and Mrs. Kerfoot Griffith, ofKansas City, have arrived in Paris toreside. They are at present locatedat the home of Rev. and Mrs. W. E.Ellis, at Main and Tenth streets. MrsGriffith is a cousin of Rev. J. T. Sharrard, of Paris.The members of theFOR COUNTY JUDGE.church choir gave Mrs. Robin Horton,We are authorized to announceGEORGE BATTERTON as a candidatefor County Judge of Bourbon county,subject to the action, of the Demo-cratic party, at the State primary,Christian August 4, 1917.That he has made Slvn UP housekeeping at Kavenna,wnere air. nuuer is m u.ts iram uis-tkm for Judge of the Bourbon County formerly Miss Mary Hayden, a valuedCourt. member of the choir, a kitchen showerFor eight years Mr. Batterton has Monday evening, when she was premost acceptably and ably fille,d the sented with a large variety of utensilsposition of County Attorney, enjoying a?d culinary necessities for thathe distinction of having been the kitchen.n4,r AHmov ovor oiontPfi Mr. and Mrs. Richard Butler haveJUUUgb3b VAIUUi; ... .v,J .- -in Bourbon county.. 11 a. Hrl .U- 1 -nrtan exceiiem. umcuu ti.eic u patcher's office of the L. & E. divisiondispute. ot the L. & N. Mrs. Butler and son,Mr. Batterton's card to the voters Richard will reside in Paris, at Hotelof jlie county best sets forth his claims Windsor. Mr. Butler will come tofor their support, and very clearly de- Paris every Sunday,fines his ambition to serve the people Miss Frances Folsom McGuire, ofof the county in the responsible .posi Lexington, who is a candidate fortion as Countv Judge. ; School Superintendent of Fayettocountv, was a member of the Parisit PAYS TO ADVERTISE. HiSh School faculty from 1908 to 1913.IT PAYS TO ADVfcHii&t. ,ghe a graduate of Columbia Uni-,7i TT nf ,a .noiiv versity, in New York, and a very highAnother apt illustration of the really y accomplIshed WOman, who haypractical value of advertising, and es- many friends here.poclally in so widely-read a paper as The Youn& Men,s Dancing clubTHE NEWS may be cited in the fol wm their pogtponed Easter Dancelowing: on the evening of Wednesday, AprilLast Monday, Miss Mary McMahan. nf at Varden's Hall. The hours willof the Simon Department Store cler- be from eight to two. Music will beical force had the misfortune to lose furnished) by Montague's Saxophonea valuable gold, watch which she had Trio, of Lexington. The promotersLen Carrying, with a fob attached, in are. expect ng a large attendance, andrt.TTtt Rh had an advertise- most certainly "a good time."ment Inserted in THE NEWS' Tuesday -Mrs. Shearen of Covington, daugh-Tuesday ier ot ivy. ouuu iv. t.iUbl .....Known in iietilOUisu uuurcu uiiuiea.sent word to this office that he found . thi ". ' Snearen dRthe watch Monday night in the gutter livere(i an interesting address Wednear the Alamo Theatre, at the cor- nesday afternoon on "Poetry" to thener of Main and Fifth streets. He had members of the Pans. Literary Clubread the ad in THE NEWS and the and a number of invited guests. Mrsdescription given there corresponded Shearen is a woman of rare charm andidentically with the watch he found. culture.o i-nh was nromptly restored Among the Paris people who atThe wacch was prompuy , texlded the performance of "A Worldto Miss Mclataiu whojas overjw t pleasur( at the Lexington Operaed to recover it. Miss ; MjManan Houset Tuesday night, were Mr. andwarmly commends THE NEWS as an Mrg stanhope Wiedemann, Mrs. HarryadverUsing medium, and heartily ap B clay Mrg Sam wniis, Mrs. Wood-.. ii ,S. fliof "Tt PflVS ?.! -nl IfJro Tnecio PHot ATptjsrsnmvps Llie OIU saiiuti inu-w - - - - joru. uaiuci, imos u .wK, -w.wTo Advertise" in THE NEWS!THE FAIRFLAGS--U. S.-FLAGS5c, 10cy 25c, 50c and Up. 'Special prices on Flags to-day and tomorrow only 5c flags, 3c; 10c flags,5c; 25c flags, 15c; 50o flags, 35c; 75c,$1.00 and $1.50 all reduced in pricesWaste Paper Baskets, 10c; Writing Paper, 24 clieets paper, 25 envelopes ina box, 10c. No-dust Sweeping Compounds for Carpets, etc.THE FAIRedition. At nine o'clockmAmfno- Mr Thos. O'Connell. of Paris,SOME TRIO!Baden, (Ind.)D. Y. L. Farley, Lawrence iTice, JonnClay, Edward Myall, Thos. Prichard,lierndon Waller, James Engleman,'aIpv Keller. Jas. McClure, Jr., Jar.Journal, Metcalfe, Jr., Thorhwell Tadlock and.iitr.::r: Zt Ten Snrings, the Teddy Shannon.puDuaucu ai. i.v. r Tfrbpr Wpnthprs was thifamcusIndiana health Tesort, in ItsusT.;J:Mflnpo Crochet Club at her home near Clinmakes a very compnmeuuaij' --- - ... Luncheon. vas served or-there of three prominent raru u smaU tableBf andIV. X uuuiao,The Westatlaiauu Ji rv1ona iitpss recently to the members of thenotes of the Msiiur "-- nPftflf niuh at her home near Clin-.llmnnf OTI-V rpilTHULri srf ' 'onthe -afternon wasni mmv f k iiiiiuas. .. ...i ! i k tiiAnttnfnM men. Air. w-rem-c w -' t-reatiy enjoyeu uy mc iuwwiiibcahsler of the Peoples Deposit Bank gue3t8: Mrs. Felix Newman, Mrs. W.& Trust Co.. and Chas. N. Peddicord, w Hay, Mrs. George W. Dawson,SidMr Sw ft Champ, owner and ed- Mrs. R. h. Ellett. Mrs. W. K. Haley,r of TM BOURBON NEWS. In Mrs. James T Estes, Mrs. Fred Estes.itor ot lna Paris vis- Mrs Samuel Crawford, Mrs. R. S.closing its comments on the Paris vis Mb h SchooleTt Mraiters' presence there The Journal says J'rmaby, Mrs. Varden Shipp"Mr. Swift Champ, Paris, Ky., a wen Migg M&ry Rhodesand prominenUy known newspaper Hundred Club tf theman in the Blue Grass State, is regis- ,,lilltonville vicinity was entertainedtered at the Springs hotel and will . Mrg w K stipPf at her home iasnend a recuperaUve season and drimc clintonvilte. The hostess was assistedtho minpnil waters at tuis rami " in emercuiiuuB t" -i -return visit. He has been making jeg- ters-ln-law,ular pilgrimages w " r "'" ed. Aft6r the luncheon aSprings for some time. ber of games were played, by theto this place are always fruitful of wh0 were a8 follows: Mrs. Lthe best results. Mr. Champ, is the b of Piris. Mr8. j T Perry,editor and. publisher ot THE BOUR- o Lexington, Mrs. A. L. Stephenson.BON NEWS, which is a lire and well Mrg- K s. Thompson, Mrs. S. L. WeathSited newsMper, and has a large cir- er, Mrs. S. C. Crawford, Mrs. Willis&? and "Xertiring W'- Umc. . Thomu.We.ther, MrsKodaksVictrolasBicyclesSPAULDINGATHLETICSUPPLIESMrs. Sam Weathers and- nil ti lO.Qfl InnnhnnnxiTacf Harin TJTr-a KAWen OUPU. 4.1. J...v luuvutuuiDaughertyBros.Filth and Main Sts. Paris, KentuckyFRANK & COMPANYTHE RELIABLE STOREc4nnounceThey Are Now Showing TheSeason's Best StylesSUITSDRESSESINCOATSSWEATERSNEWESTWAISTSSKIRTSSilks, Dress Goods, -Wash Goods of All KindsTrimmings To MatchALL ARE REASONABLY PRICEDWe Cordially Invite Your InspectionPictorial Review PatternsFRANK & COMPANYSPRING GOODSHave Been Arriving DailyLarge QuantitiesIN WALL DECORATIONSwe are showing the most beautiful patterns that it hasever been our privilege to show, and we are offering themat remarkably low prices. Especially is this true whenthe many advances in price are taken into consideration.OUR RUGSwould add much to the beauty of your home. , You willfind our patterns and prices right in every respect andwe would be glad to have you investigate.Mahogany and Oak Dining SuitsIn William and Mary designs in mahogany and oak arebeing shown in profusion. Don't your home need one?LACE CURTAINSWe have just received many new patterns that we think,will please you very much.THEJ.T.HINTOJVCOMOTOR HEARSEMOTOR INVALID COACH"EITHERPHONE" 36SIXTH AND MAIN STS.PAGEFnm1 1v:iin-'tS '.r.i. .vViIn.:i-.UNDERTAKINGFRIDAY, APRIL 1517..THE BOURBON NEWS, PARIS, KY.it!,fUIX1HE FEELS FRESHAFTER HIS WORKI fSllKlOri M3I1 U3I) NOW GO Alln iimil. i o ii. iDay Without Getting Tired.THANKS TANLAC FOR CHANCE"My digestion is fine," said Hous-ton Beauchamp, Frankfort, in tellingkow Tanlac brought him back one ofthe greatest pleasures known to allaankind that of being able to enjoygood cooking. He said:"After an attack of the grip I was J. Gmy New Jersey and tht, during the entire Feast of Passall run-down. Everything I ate dis Dillinger Massachusetts, who voted over, nothing but unleavened breadagreed with me. Food lay heavy on for RGDresentative Gillett. of Massa- (Mazzoth) may be aten. On the sev-my stomacn. bicce taking ranlac iam so much better I can eat almostanything without being sick after-wards. My digestion is fine."I can do my usual daily work. andIt doesn't tire ma out as it used to.x .m gidu to recommcua laniac as aminn.i; nni'n nn M-ctnm n.itf:."Thousands of others who have feltIlk Mr Rwinohinin havp i,nri ihusame experience with Tanlac. Whenthe system is all run down and thestomach and other internal organs donot lo their work properly natureTiAPrtR hAln to -pf thorn hooL- in minrl.. . c. ... . 0working order.When food sours on the stomach,causing gas tliat makes you bloat andbelch, it is time to take care of it.Dizzy spells, headaches, sleeplessness, bad breath, coated tongue andthat tired feeling are almost alwaysjrare to follow if the trouble is notstopped at its source. If you are notfeeling right get Tanlac today. Don'tput it off, as delays in health mattersre dangerous.Tanlac, the master medicine andreconstructive tonic, is sold exclusively in PARIS by Varden & Son.Other exclusive agents in nearbytowns are as follows:HUTCHISON, Snell & Wood; MILLERSBURG, W. G. Wadell; ELIZABETH, Oscar Smith; CARLISLETrueman & Son; GEORGETOW.., C.H. Arnold; WINCHESTER, Duty DrugCompany; AUSTERLITZ, B. S. Parrisfo. (adv.)The advantage in keeping but onebreed of poultry is that one can. marketa uniform product in eggs and stock.STOP LEFT OVER COUGHS.Dr. Bell's Pine-Tar-Honey will stopthat hacking cough that lingers fromJanuary. The soothing pine balsam-Ioobohb the phlegm, heals the irritatedmembrane, the glycerine relieves thetender tissues. Don't neglect a lingering cough, it is dangerous. Dr. Bell'sPine-Tar-Honey is antiseptic and pleasant to take, benefits young and old,eet it at your druggist to-day. Formulaen the bottle. 25c.(april-adv)ItsUKJlltaMt2SinjLSHOE POLISHESF.I.OALlCY Ctt Or NEW YORK INC. BUFFALO, N.Y.Where paint is scanty, thewinter gales drive snow intothe wood's tiny cracks andcrevices. There, in clapboardsand under eaves, it melts,swells the boards until the paint is pushedoff, and spreads decay which only carpentrycan remedy.How do your buildings fare in winter? They willstay sound and sturdy, not only in winter but in allseasons, if protected with Dutch Boy White-Lead,thinned with pure linseed oil, a paint that combineslong-lasting protection and -good looks.Call on us for all paint materials. Wefrom A to Z, andean give expert advice.or write. " -. "C. A. DAUGHERTYCHAMP CLARK ISI ' . RE-ELECTED SPEAKERWASHINGTON, April 5 The Dem-'ocrats, with the aid of four of the fiveIndependents, organized the Housewhen the new Congress assembled.Monday, re-electing Speaker ChampClark, of Missouri, and sweeping intocratfc caucus nominees.6! ,,1 i oirrUst g?L SSStSe 2X5jthe Republican choice for Speakerwho not only failed to receive an in-dependent vote, but lost the supportof five of his partyAll the Democrats (present voted foriMr. Clark and were joined by Repre-sentatives Schall, Progressive, Min-nesota; Martin, Progressive-Protect-ionist, Louisiana; London, Socialist,New York, and Randall, Prohibitionist.California. Tire five Republicans whodid not support Mr. Mann were Repre-nnnfn f ?ttio Clr rlnoi TVTa ooo nhnooffc4..i ia r r ' f tchUsetts, and Haskell, New York, andJames Michigan, who voted "present."Representative Fuller, independent,Massachusetts, voted for Representstive LenrootTo the surprise of the Republicansjxepreseuuiuve ouuau jjiuucu miPln-rlr in Tinmirmtirm Fnr a. Hmfl itras thought that he had done so byinadvertence, but later it developed hehad acted through prearrangementwith Democratic leaders. He askedpermission to address the House justnftpr tho first rnllaall. find then afterfieciarine- the international situation., ,", .. .. r T3mai,im...iiBuiamteu uuiicu ouyjoiL ui xicoiuculWlson aroused tremendous cheeringby announcing that although with hissightless eyes he could be of no usoon the battlefield he could at leastm,rwf iUtx ProciMonf hv p'lsHnir ft.voted for Champ Clark. RepresentativeGreen, of Massachusetts, presentea flirMann's name in a brief speech, andRepresentative Lenroot of Wisconsin,the Progressive Republican leader,and in just an hour and forty minutesafter the House was convened Mr. uu e"uue. aim as iu ia oungaiorClark, as he had predicted to the min- to tell the story of the Exodus everyute several days ago, was declared year, the youngest son of the houseelected and was escorted to the chair hold asks four sets of questions as toby a committee headed Dy Mr.Mann. In a brief address the Speakerpieaueu xoi umu aiun i1..3&.l 4a 4-fc1 j-ttsw i T T M A T" yQ C? .eul, (juaia.Calling of the roll was replete with orates the ripening of the barley, the laxative and clean out the accumulatoutbursts of applause, hut the lion s earliest crop and so marks the close ed waste, easy to take, they do notSaSSSL!aMSSrJS,,S!; ",": , - Dr- K1s, Nr Lite ?Cfirst woman to be elected to the House. saSe of the feast ,s freedom, the free- clear your conplexion and brightenShe was given three separate ovations, dom of nature from the thraldom of your eye. Try Dr. King's New Lifeonce when she entered the chamber winter, and the freedom of Israel from Pills to-night and throw off the slugon the arm of her colleague, Repre-sentative Evans, of Montana; againwhen she responded to the call ofmembers, and a third time when shevoted for Mr. Mann. She was forcedonce to rise and bow before the applause could be checked. She was onthe floor the greater part of the day. not be cured by Hall's Catarrh Medtdressed plainly in a dark dress with a cine.white collar and carrying a bunch of ( Hall's Catarrah Medicine has beenflowers. .taken by catarrh sufferers for the past,thrity-five years, and has becomeAn Old Hand. i"What was the first thing your busband said when you got started or.your wedding journey?""Excuse me while I go forward juhilmro n smntp.' Yon know, it w:is lh.UW w.-- -- -w .., .third time for biin.'The Loys favoriteEasiest!I09.B1ACK WHITE TAN QCyj5Dutch BoyAnchorWhite-Leadknow paintCall, 'phoneANCIENT DELIVERANCETO BE COMMEMORATED.Passover, or the Feast of Unleavened Bread, begins to-day, Friday,April 6, at sunset, and continues forRfiVfiTi ilnva Orthnflnv Jrwr iquqlfc f , , t - tl t . .set atufy April I 14 The feastcommemorates chiefly the deliveranceof tne children of Israel from their3lfarr t0 the Ef ptfs; aTV mostf hf ceremonial and ritual Passove-is intended to be reminiscent of theevents and circumstances of that an-?tentTSckaS!38 ImVTllat Jerusalem Paschal lambs Averesacrificed to remind the people of thelamn sacrificed by their ancestors atthe command of Moses before theydeparted from Egypt; because theChildren of Israel in their haste toleave the land of bondage did nothave time to permit their bread tQleaven, it is the law to this very dayenth day of the feast the scriptural ' sleep. A 10-cent box from any drug,portion read in the synagogue is the store means a clear head, sweet stom-songof triumph sung by the people atjach and clean, healthy liver and boweltUe Red gea because 0lis day is con. action for months. Children love CasRi,iPrpri in ho tho nnnivnrv nf thf.nrtR hponnsn tlip.v never erine ordividing of the Red Sea.The characteristic feature of thetis the ceremonial meal, calledthe Seder, conducted on the eveningof the first day. The ceremony en-deavors to recall the events of the de-liverance of old.TMiiicj VftiT l-ii-1c. ,.,... i m -.., ,.. e i . 1Ltu ilvea UL Llle Slllves 1U -Byyt. if b.one ? ept on the table to re-1 the Paschal lamb offered inEgypt and m the temple. A pastelikccompound of nuts and fruits called"Rnrn?Pth i onten- tliia ics nnnelil.. . . . ,ered to be a reminder of the mortaruse(1 in building the treasure citiesfor Pharoah. Four cups of wine are' edemntion , , fhslons redemption used in the Exo-fiie nature of the feast, and the fatheranswers telling the story of the de-liverance from Egypt.In Palestine Passover also commembondage.HOW'S THIS?We offer One Hundred Dollars Reward for any case of Catarrh that canknown as the most reliable remedy!jfor Catarrh.Hall's Catarrh Medicineacts through the Bloodand Mucous(surfaces, expelling the Poison fromjthe Blood and healing the diseased.portions.After you have taken Hall's CatarrhMedicine for a short time you will seea great improvement in your generalhealth. Start taking Hall's CatarrhMedicine at once and get rid of catarrh. Send for testimonials, free.F. J. CHENEY & CO., Toledo, O.(april-adv)THE GREATEST MYTH.One day Ambassador Gerard waswalking down one of the principalstreets in Berlin. A friend stoppedhim and said:"Certain high officials have told me500,000 German-Americans will revoltit Wilson goes to war.""Go tell your high official friend,"said Gerard, "that there are 501,000lamposts in the United States and90,000,000 loyal Americans."Germany has her eyes on Washington. Every member of Congress whostands against the President will belooked upon in Germany as an ally.Germany believes she has millions offriends here. She has believed thisfor two years. She has been ready todisregard America for two years because she believed the United Stateswas divided. Only a unanimous Amerca will convince Germany that herpolicy of "Damn the neutrals," is afatal one to adopt tward America.SAFE MEDICINE FOR CHILDREN."Is it safe?" is the first question tobe considered when buying coughmedicine for children. Chamberlain'sCough Remedy has long been a favorite with mothers of young children asit contains no opium or other narcoticand may begiven to a child as confidently as to an adult It is pleasantto take, too, which, is of great importance when a medicine must be givento young children. This remedy ismost effectual in relieving coughs,colds and croup. Obtainable everywhere.(april-adv)Out of the 135,000,000 railroad tiesused each year in the United States,New York supplies about six per centand consumes about 16,000,000.INSOMNIA.Indigestion nearly always disturbsthe sleep more or less, and is often thecause of insomnia. Eat a light supperwith little if any meat, and no milk;also take one of Chamberlain's Tabletsimmediately after supper, and see ifyou do not rest much better. Obtaiaable everywhere.(april-adv)TRY "CASCARETS" FORLIVER AND BOWELSIF SICK OR BILIOUSTo-night! Clean Your Bowels and StoaHeadache, Cold, SourStomach.Get a 10-cent box now.Turn the rascals out the headachebiliousness, indigestion, the sick, sourstomach and bad colds turn themout to-night and keep them out withCascarets.Millions of men and women take &Cascaret now and then and neverknow the misery caused by a lazvliver, clogged bowels, or an upsetstomach.Don't put in another day of distress. Let Cascarets clanse your stomach; lemove the sour, fermentingfood; take the excess bile from yourliver and carry out all the constipatedwaste matter and poison in the bowels.Then you will feel great.A Cascaret to-night straightens youout by morning. They work while yousicken.(adv)VITAL STATISTICS REPORTThe vital statistics for 1916 for theState of Kentucky have been sub-mitteu Dy me toiate uoaru ol jeaiuiThe statistics show that tuberculosis.ti.liitli linn nln) stlirwl tlin Cfntn Al'lflt; '' QfJ number 3 247 were white per-Jpmoia fo lows the whiteSOnS' 1 neumonia lOIlOWb ine Millie?lagu,e n tI!iri?C.P. " haS, i11 uJIU ueclu, ,ftr.Aease numbered 2, 09.The birthrate is .02o. A total of61,077 births were reported during theCLEAR YOUR SKIN IN SPRING.Snrhur house cleaninir means cleaning inside and out. Dull pimply skinis an aftermath of winter inactivity.Flush vour intestines with a mildgish winter shell.At druggists, 25c.(april-adv)Happiness is made of multipliedjoys. Get busy and learn this multiplication table; smiles times smilesmakes happiness.For Rent.Nice cottage on Winchester street,just across L. & N. tracks. Conveniently located.FIRST NATIONAL BANK.(3-tf)For RentThree nice rooms, with electriclights and gas. Call at115 DUNCAN AVENUE.(3-tf)For SaleOne set of dining room furniture, infirst-class condition. Call HomePhone 96, Paris.FOR RENT.Three unfurnished rooms at No. 733Walker avenue. Hot and cold waterand other conveniences. Call HomePhone 339. (jan30-tf)Man Wanted.Man past 30 with horse and buggyto sell Stock Condition Powder inBourbon County. Salary ?70 permonth. Address 9 Industrial Bldg.,Indianapolis, Indiana.Sewing WantedMrs. ,Ed. Small, out by the day, orat home, No. 1433 South High. Street.Prices reasonable.Maiden Ridge NurseryRICHMOND, KY.We have thousands of first-class apple and peach, which we offer at 12cents each. Other fine stock also.Send for list No agents.(27-4t) G. L. SMITH, Prop.Dissolution Notice!We will sell at Public Auction forWakefield, Moore & Wakefield,Saturday, April 7, 1917,at 2 p. m., twenty beautiful buildinglots in Gorey Addition. These lotaare located in a splendid colored addition, within one block of the coloredcity school.Must be sold.TERMS Made known on day ofsale: ....-HARRIS & SPBAKES.(3-2t)A MAN AND HIS WIFELEVY, THE DRY CLEANERCumberland Phone 40A Bank AccountIs the Gibraltar of the Home!If you are a man of family yon must have a bank account. A BANKACCOUNT IS THE BTJLWAKK, THE GIBEALTAR, OF YOTTR HOME,It protects yon in time of need.It gives yon a feeling of independence. )It strengthens yon.iIt Is a Consolation to Your Wife,to Your ChildrenFarmers' & Traders' BankF. P. KISER, President jno. J. M.CLINTOCK, CashierWM. GRIMES. Bookkeeper.Sixth and Main Streets Paris, KyIt's MarvelousYou Can HearSo Distinctly"No, I am notin the city. I am at homealmost five hundred milesaway. We have just had aBell Telephone put in and Icouldn't resist calling you byLong Distance. It's marvelous that we can hear each other as distinctlyas though we were in the same room, andthe Long Distance rates are so reasonable!"I really don't see how we ever managed without a Bell Telephone. All themerchants and every one we know uses theBell. It has saved me thousands of stepsand hours of worry already."It's worth the cost simply to be ableto sit at home and visit with friends hundreds of miles away.""Every Bell Telephone is a Long Distance Station.CUMBERLAND TELEPHONEAND TELEGRAPH COMPANY(Incorporated)BOX 122, FRANKFORT, KY.AmsJ3JJCorrect EnglishHOW TO USE IT.A MONTHLY MAGAZINE,Josephine Turck Baker, Editor.For Progressive Men and Women, jBusiness ana rroiession&i; jiut women, Teachers, Students, Ministers,Doctors, Lawyers, Stenographers, andfor all who wish to Speak and WriteCorrect English Special FeatureMonth: Your Erery-Day Vocabulary ;How to Enlarge it Sample Copy 10c.Subscription Pried ?2 a' Year.EVA'NSTON; ILLINOIS.may both derive saiisf actionby having their worn and soiledgarments cleaned by us. Thecost is nominal, while the pleasure of wearing old clothes thathave the appearance of new, iconjunction with the knowledgethat you are effecting a greatving, must surely satisfy you.A phone brings U3.Home Phone 169 2visitingNotice To the Public!I will pay this season the nigheecprices that have ever been known iaParis for horse hides, beef hidea.beep pelts and furs.I will also pay the highest marketprice for Rags and Paper. I will ae4after it any place in the city. Callby Cumberland phone 374. Offlc sEighth StTMt(20-oct-lyr) MAX MUNICH.iFRIDAY, APRIL 6, 1917.THE BOURBON NEWS, PARIS,AGES!CRISIS 0WOMAN'S LIFECOHEN APPEALS TO FARMERSTO RAISE FOODSTUFFS.Change Safely Passed byTaking Lydia E. Pinkham'sVegetable Compound.Waponor, Okla. "1 never pet tiredof praisinp: Lydia E. Pinkham's Vege-tablc compoundy In an effort to divert Kentuckyfarmers from the exclusive raising oftobacco, Commissioner of AgricultureMat S. Cohen and Dr. Fred Mutchler,of the Agricultural Extension Department, will conduct mass-meetingsthroughout Kentucky, beginning atOwensboro, to-morrow, Saturday, andgoing to Paducah, Mnoday, and thenthrough Southeastern Kentucky, urging the farmers, as their patrioticduty, to raise food crops.Commissioner Cohen said that probably 400,000 men will be called to th.-jbecausp dnrincr colors lrom the interior States thinChange of Life I month, followed by other calls whichwas in bed two will reduce the number of men engagyears and had two ed in crop raising, seriously hamperoperations, but all ing the tobacco industry and leave the?reJTmaZ fut" ta a eril- """ -good, and I would uaco ano- cotton are raised exclu-nave been in my sively.grave today had it "The Department of Agriculture,"not been for Lydia said Mr. Cohen, ."regards this as theE- Pinkham's Veg- most serious situation since the Civi'.etable ComDound -xrn rm,, ,' v,i ,.,,..,,,.hich brought tne out of it all right so , ; cm.Iamnowwellanddoallmyhouslwork; sbe mcred many fold to susbesides working in my garden. Several tam the Population, feed the army andof my neighbors have got well by tak- lielP feed tlie People of France,ing Lydia E. Pinkham'svegetableCom- "Besides taking this matter up withpound." Mrs. Viola Finical., Wagon- the farmers, we are going to arrangeer'c iT3" with local banks to advance money toSuch warning symptoms as sense of canning club girls to buy their cans,sufTocation,hotnashes,headaches,back- fhp nrice will be increased severilaches, dread of impending evil, timidity ' as l?e pnce m lDe inceased seeraisounds in the ears, palpitation of the.hundred per cent- Pr0Dably becauseheart sparks before the eyes, irregu- so many factories that have madelarities, constipation, variable appetite, ' cans are engaged in making ammuniweakness and dizziness should be heeded tion.SOME POSTSCRIPTSA Lew plan is provided with a shieldhand to prevent it being'by middle-aged women. Lydia E. Pinkham's Vegetable Compound has carriedmany wcmn safely through the crisis.My Friend.My friend is constant, like that highstar, and though distance and dayscome between us, as do cloutfs betweenIt and me, I know my friend is stU'there, shining with the same clear,steady light, and when the distanceand days are melted away, I shall findit so. Leigh Mitchell llodges."The government considers the canning club project as exceedingly important in the preservation of thefood product this year. To increasethe food supply and conserve it, is thepatriotic duty as much so as fightingfor the country, and we will urge thefarmers on this ground to put forthevery effort in this direction."UNITED STATES TOTRAIL SUSPECTED SPIES.WASHINGTON, April 5. A halfmillion postmasters, letter carriers andfield agents for various Federal departments have been set on the trail ofspies or conspirators againstthe -United States, under government' orders, it has been made known. Theseare in addition to the multitude ofmunicipal police and detectives whoare being organized into a single big'machine to gather information onagents of foreign governments. Thework is directed by the Bureau of Investigation and Secret Service. Conjsiderable aid also is being given thesegovernment forces by individuals who.have reported persons suspected otacts. The Department otJustin r.nnnts on mucn liein in mejfuture from such sources, in response, to hundreds of letters sent out recently appealing for co-operation. All com'munications are welcomed and treatedconfidentially.I At least 300,000 city letter carriers'and rural free delivery employes alone'are under orders to scan letters and'packages passing through their hands'for evidence of plots against the nation. Virtually all government employes are expected to report suspicious incidents, or even scraps of conversation, reaching them which mightkVorn,??i.VoiM Wr investigation by trained govern-suiesicnyouneeawiwx ji oicrw &.'- .Professional Cards.Sourbon BuiSdsrsg &Loan AssociationFIRST NAT'L BANK BUILDINGIN REAR OF BANKEntrance on Fourth StreetDR. WM. KENNEYEye, Ear, Nose and Throat. disloyalROOMS 403-404.FIRST NAT'L BANK BUILDING.PHONE 136.WM. GRANNANAttorneyatLawROOMS 401-402.FIRST NAT'L BANK BUILDINGfor thebruised.Cocoa shells are being fed to cattlein course of experiments by Frenchdairymen.For running an ice cream freezer anelectric motor has been invented thatcan be supplied with current from alight socket.IOf English invention is a magnifyingglass that may be attached to a pencilor engraving tool to aid a draftsmanor engraver.After the GripWhatDid it leave you weak, low inspirits and vitality? Influenza is acatarrhal disease, and after you recover from the acute stage much ofthe catarrh is left. This and yourweakness invite further attacks.The Tonic Reeded is Peruna.First, because it will assistin building up your strength, reinvigoratingyour Mgestion and quickening allfunctions. Second, because it aidsin overcoming the catarrhal condi-I tions, helping dispel the inflamma-tinn.oivinfrtVioTiicmViMnocjin nrninr.vwj . .&4 VUV U4WilUI fcww. . vi' "tumty to periormtheir functions.Thousands haveanswered the question after grip by tbproper use of this greattonic treatment. Youmay profit by their experience. Liquid or tablet formboth safe and satisfactory.THE PERUNA CO.Columbus, Ohiofyima'JVK '1'jtilAN ELECTRIC LIFE-BELT.The germ theory of the transmissionof contagious diseases was entertainedas far back as 1G37, when the plague jravaged liome."Whalebone strips replace bristles ina new hairbrush that is intended tolast for years and to stimulate thescalp of a user. 0A periscope to be attached to fieldglasses and provided with lazy tongsto regulate its height is the inventionof a New YorkerThere are more than Su,000,000sheep in Australia and nearly 25,000,000 in New Zealand, or more than ISfor each resident.An artificial butter coming into usein Europe to replace the creamery va-ncuy is iiKiuu ol coconut oil anu nyuro- suomanne wariare nas resulted ingen, blended with milk. I numerous improvements in life pre-I servers and life buoys. The passen-Mounted on a new polishing machine gers on any ship that sails the At-for jewelers Is a suction fan to catch lantic to-day are likely to find them-and save the particles of precious . selves bobbing about in the icy wa-inetals that are thrown off. Iters with no sunnort but a cork iacket. !Some time ago a number of sailorson a torpedoed ship saved their lives jat night by signaling to the rescuerswith little electric flash-lamps. Thisprinciple has now been incorporatedTo marry is human, to put up with 'into the latest life buoy by an attach IOPPORTUNITY!Mr. R. F. Clendenin, Associate General Agent forthe Northwestern Mutual Life Insurance Company, inone day recently, sold 100,000 worth of life insuranceover local and long distance lines of the Home TelephoneCompany and because of such an amount of businessaccumulated in one day, he divides the honors with usfor the efficient telephone service rendered. This is asplendid record for both Telephone and Insurance Companies. Mr. Clendenin says; "The service I get from yourCompany is all that I could ask, and on the closing dayof my campaign I used it with wonderful success."Such an opportunity in facilitating business shouldbe grasped by the public in general in employing co-operation,efficiency and confidence.Paris Home Telephone 8 Telegraph Co.(Incorporated)J. J. VBATCH, District Manager.W. H. CANNON; THOMAS K.Equipment Manager.UiUITH,Cashier.SAID BY THE CYNICA kiss speaks all languages.rrrt L discourage-i,W henVOUfeeLroniused. nervous. tired, worried or despondent it is aPILLS; They renew the normal vigor and ment agentsmake life wortn living. BesureanaasKioiMott'sNerverine Pills ZfSflSS why constipation injuresWILLIAMS MFG. CO . Prop.. ClereUod, ObitOBERDORFER, The Druggist.fcJ5aG23if2 iteh hiaessiscfcw srr: 53&?&&&KrppftfcC fcsrnfll vGST"L4- 5tVc2 VvThe bowels are the natural sewerage system of the body. When theybecome obstructed by a constipation apart of the poisonous matter whichthey should carry off is absorbed intothe system, making you feel dull andstupid, and interfering with the digestion and assimilation of food. Thiscondition is quickly relieved by Chamberlain's Tablets. Obtainable everywhere. (april-adv)it humane.The greater lovesmaller purse.We "will stone ourwith diamonds.jeuerally has theMagdalenes butment which carries electric flashlamps as a part of its equipment. Thelamps burn steadily as soon as thebouy hits the water, and serves to indicate the position of the person supported to any boat that may be searching for survivors.There would be noone never took risks.fun in life ifIt's her lingerie u girl is really lovedfor, if she only knew it.People hate to get a reputation forbeing what they really are.CANDIDATES WARNED OF NEW"CORRUPT PRACTICE ACT."A sweetheart generallysome other man's wife, or is oneready.The modern girl has a vacuum forIt-is highly important for candidatesfor office in Kentucky to familiarizethemselves with the provisions of the"Corrupt Practice Act," passed by theLegislature of 1916.It is comnulsorv that each candi-hecomes date file with tne County Clerk orproper official an itemized statementof expenses incurred during his campaign, such as printing, stationery,stamps, stenographers, rent for publical-a heart, and uses all her love affairs halls for speaking, and all other ex10 ciean ir. 'penses incurred pertaining to his election. Such papers must be filed nfIf you men want to make an investment that will make you from 25 to1 0O per cent profitCome In and Buy AnOvercoat For Next YearWe only have about 50 Overcoats,and the prices have been cut unmercifully. Sizes 34 to 44. Styles willbe good for next season. Saturdaywill be a good day to give them the"once over.Spring Suits, Shirts, Hats, etc., arriving daily. We give Blue TradingStamps.TWINClothing and Shoe Dept.BROS.L. WollsUin, Prop9iNever believe in your first impression of a woman if It's a night one;take a good look at her in the daylight before you make up your mind.IN OTHER CITIESteen days before the primary, and alsofifteen days before the regular election. The penalty for failing to complywith this law, is a fine in any sum notto exceed $5,000, or to be confined inthe county jail not to exceed sixSan Francisco has 400 jitney drivers, months, or both. Ii The BOURBON NEWS has been ap-Fa., will cremate garb- pointed as agent in Bourbon countyto handle and sell the Thomas Ken-tuckv Election Forms, which areBremerton, Wash., has a building used for this punpose. With theseboom t .forms it is no trouble to keep an ac-' : curate account of expenditures, etc.Bourbon LaundryDWIS & FUNK, Props.Telephone No. 4.West 5 StreetWilkesbarre,age.Kansas City, Mo., is eliminating vicedistricts.1 fc. BS-'HHifKjr . 'izi.'vx. zait. w.s;i?.sggPBfeisa8r ;.:-?ifMmrMmAllentown,city hall.Fa., is to have a newSan Francisco wantsof San Mateo county.Philadelphia is to haveof the Poor Clares order.Chicago finds 63,000 public schoolpupils with defective eyesight.These forms are reserved and protected by law by the Cadiz Record, ofCadiz, Ky.All candidates are required to makethese statements, and the easiest andjbest way is to purchase one ot theseto annex all forms now. The price is $1.50. Comei in and see one, and give us your order,j We have samples to show, but willconvent have to send in orders to Cadiz torstock. We are going to send in anorder next wee"... Let yours come withthe rest.THE BOURBON NEWS,(tf) Paris, Ky.IJSjSatisfaction is OorWatchwordWith all the latest improvements in laundryappliances and experthelpers we are preparedto do work inferior tonone, and solicit yourpatronage.Atlanta, Ga., is beirfg urged to abolish one-third of municipal jobs.La Crosse, Wis., in two years hasgained 10 per cent in population.Bourbon Laundry,Paris Kentucky.SPRAINS AND STRAINS RELIEVED '9999W9Charming King 6284By Bourbon King 1788, dam Charm 10603 by Red Cloud 2197.The best bred, the best individual and best doing ,five-gaitedsaddle horse in Kentucky standing at$25 TO INSURE A LIVING FOAL.A natural saddle horse with a perfect trot, faultless actionand most beautiful conformation. Rich bay, 15 3-4 hands high,weighs 1,125 pounds. Breed your good mares to him. Forfurther information and extended pedigree, addressH- A. POWER, Paris, Ky.Cumberland Telephone 109.PELLETS OF WISDOMTrue patriotism is not alwaysloud-mouthed.Cold storage eggs usually havea warm storage flavor.A small man will occasionallystumble upon a big idea.tiiiiiiitiiiiDO YOU KNOW THATIn 40 years the sugar per capita ofthis country has increased from 18 toS9 pounds.The china used for state dinners atthe White House is the famous "Roosevelt set." This set comprises 3,000pieces and cost $22,000.Production of tungsten ores in theSloan's Liniment quickly takes thepain out of strains, sprains, bruisesand all muscle soreness. A clean, cleariquid easily applied, it quickly pene-rates without rubbing. Sloan's Lininent does not skin or clog the poresike mussy plasters or ointments.or chronic rheumatic aches and pains.neuralgia, gout and lumbago have thiswell-known remedy handy. For thepains of grippe and following strenuous work, it gives quick relief. At alldruggists, 25c.(april-adv)f'fVV'I'VIOST POWERFUL SEARCHLIGHTSole AgencySTACY - ADAMSSHOES4A searchilght has been perfected,which the inventor claims will cast abeam for seventy-five miles. It operates on the carbon arc principle, but.hv use of nowerful current and aspecial arrangement of the corbon'pencils, tremendous candle-power is se-,cured. There is little doubt that ttWnew sear-.hlight will do all that is 2claimed for it, for the inventor is al- jready internationally famous through .3.his work in perfecting the gyroscope 4United States last year broke all rec-1 for use in compasses and in stabiliz- .j.ords, being equivalent to 2,165 tons of ing aeroplanes. It has been suggestedconcentrates, worth more than $2,000,-! that the new light may be useful for000. I installation on submarines, as it wouldbe capable of lighting up the waterfor a considerable distance.$7:o and $7-50Take Advantage of These Pricesand Save Money.As weather prophets snails are valuable. As long as they are to be seencreeping along in the orthodox mannerfine weather may be confidently lookedI forward to.The Union of South Africa willbuild an irrigation dam in the Transvaal that will impound more than5,000,000 cubic feet of water.HARRY LINVILLE.m... ..... . ,...- i.i.n.i.f 1. 1. '""Miimimnmnm',&!rTroB"BGto,THBTBDURBOX NEWS, PARISTilFRIDAY, APRIL f lfi7.mGet YouriNII tfH I"i r ih ii'i!,i. ifKS. 1HM,.''H1!,:fcifi1ll-Mi;f9r-tII. MILLERSBURG: W-, Mr. S. M. Allen returned Mondayfrom Indianapolis, Ind., with his newcar.' Miss Dorothy Peed has returnedafter a ten-days' sojourn at Buffalo,:-Mrs. Howard Moffet and childrenm . -A .- .. J. J "X rHM A Tor, l-iexingion, are guests ot iur&. a. i.ieimcuu ono ouiuvuu, uco.uo"S. .,., t . . ,of.l""?"a"u'.7.rl" rr.T , ..",71 ,",.; "rr;'";'?'"Ti .""."" ,v.',!uu;r' .Miss Minnie Carr, at Paris, Saturdayand Sunday.Rev. R. S. Stevenson, of the University of Delaware, at Delaware, O.,arrived Tuesday to be a guest of Dr."W. M. Miller.Mr. T. W. Current has ordered d"handsnmp new car. Messrs. J. C. Leermd J. P. Redmon have received theiriandsome cars. Mr. C. B. Layson has1bk ordered a handsome car.Miss Aleta Wilson gave a sue-'ressful recital in expression at Sher-Vrne last SaturdayeveningShewas greeted by a good audience that..? .. i hnniifrnr irTTnIdge. F. and A. Al., . -iiiesuaj Bsteps Aere uikcu ioukihb wu" "romiug of the centennial of the lodge--hirh will be held August 17. Themeeting was enthusiastic and the cen-1.Tmial. when all the details are arranged, will be a pronounced success. -The Cadets of M-nI;1ia:nLC,"lnfnSf Ma c 13.4oni vrifiav oveninc:. Marchi"lu"" - - . . , , rrithamilitary daii"e at M. ji. 1. unaHall.The Cadets v. ill aress in iumuniformJ1H' will reDresent tne u. o.Army,whileo vounc lames win... ...11represent the Navy.rrM.rt onc oro inxnvi v-h- - y. cru-n in the ladies by tlie uaaeiosouvenirs. The uance will begin.!,. o 5-nn -n in . ciosiuk am.aa -n.1 nrnmiRPS t.O be themMw iiiiiiiik mi 1 u . uu - - -mostbrilliant events of the kind ever wit-Jli.UU, Ulii. I"v, rmessed in Millersburg.THE SICK Mr. J. G. Allen is not sowell. Miss Florence Vimont, who has.. " -- :n liar JmniP for severa'IKJca Qiiiiv 11 " "- - -weeks. vtiR taken to at. jup ""pital, Lexington. Monday. She stoo-ithe trip nicely, and is resting comfortably at this writing. She is sufferingjrom a complicated stomach trouble,and it mav be necessary for her to rmain there several weeks. Her manyiriends hope for her speedly recoveryMrs. Clara Shanks remains very muci,.. m Tt t. Powell is able to- TA1 unc.Votnme "his duties at Jones Bros. Mrlanes Howard is quite ill.... .-. Air If I 1. I'OWKII 10 u-SPEARS MILL ITEMS..,. ,,tmi- .n.i,o lmc hppn-TfJl .rWSr!Mr and" Mrs. John Bell, of near, Jetc lnsf Rnndav of Mr.sa? Mrs T J Harnev.Mr and Mrs. Frank Mitchell entcrtained at dinner Sunday, Mr. andKrs. John Hash; Ke. . a. "J"1' 'of Louisville; and Mr. James lsnmaei,thistt T WnrnP.V. Mrs.Harney has been. ill for several days, but is 1m" Mthough the weather last Slinky 'night was very disagreeable a .large crowd came out to hoar Re .Hangup's sermon en the subject-Mothers of Our Men." which a,one of the best sernnns ever deli-jred by him'was a4jpreciauvi aim mjbi .. -u u. wvi. v","". """"'"aoany encores. A nice little sum was ( ting suicide Mr. Fox mailed a checkrealized. . for $200 to a Winchester undertaker.At a regular meeting of AnntVwith explicit instructions as to funeral&f?aris. . a whicll is now 0Wned by Judge George Woman's Homo ana Foreign Mission1- kZ Collie was a guest B. Nelson. lary Societies of the Presbytery willtencmg aerea " -fa . M . 11finf1 , t.5c w?,,.. twn be in session. Their meeting will be-nToot- tf 11s narenus, a". "" --- --. - j " ,..,.., .. -. 1.... .. t't rkT-n rrm H.nsltitf- nMrrnni at the cllUIvested that evcryom- who can do s.4iU be present. A free will offering11 be taken, which will be added tothe ipledge made for missions. Dr.miMngford, of Paris will be one ohe speakers for the afternoon. Comeout and bring your friends. It willlielp to encourage the children m theirwork.HUTCHISON.Mr. Quincy Burgess is seriously ill,at his home near Hutchison.Mrs. Thomas Berkley visited- Iriends at Lexington last week.Miss Mary Burbridge visitedfriends at Lexington last week.The condition of Mr. Steve Burbridge shows no improvement.Mrs J. J. Dickey has as her guest.er sister, Miss Phillips, of Maysville.Mr. M. R. Jacoby is convalescentTfrom tie grippe and other complications. . , .Mr. George Dorsey purchased of;Mrs. Frankie Biddle last week a Jertey milk cow.Mr. Alonzo Ginn purchased a par.V No. 1 mare mules at the WebbcTsa3e last week.The farmers are quite busy burning their tobacco beds. A large acreage will be planted.Mr. Charles Franklin has purchased of the Corbin heirs 25 acres ofland adjoining his home place.Master Forest Karick is quite ill'with the measles at the home ol 111&rLndnarents. in Clark county, wnercke is visiting.", BIRTHS.To the wile of Mr. J. W. Lancaster Jr, at the Good Samaritan HosXiUl in Iexington, a son, christened"Allie Clav Lancaster, for his aunt.Mrs. James W. Ferguson, formerly o.Paris. ,Mr. and Mrs. L. H. Neal are reaving congratulations over the arrival of a nine-pound daughter, bora at-their home in Paris last Sunday. Mrs.Meal was before her marriage, MissBdna TVanier, of Mt Sterling.sdav S : '-SO o'clock, the children I day evening after a protracted illness.Sd ihe voung people of the Baptist, ai rived in Paris. Wednesday morningShim Vill enter n with a mission .and was at once taken to the home ofchurch wm enJe ohurch It is r-'her parents, Mr. and Mrs. B. B. MarshDEATHS.YOUNG-.The body of Mrs. Anna HaysYnnnir. wife of Mr. Will Youncr. for-merly of Bourbon county, was broughtfrom Latonia to the Jacksonville Cem-etery, m tins county, Tuesuay, ior m -4-. amI- CIt rt ri irinTrA KnrilnP 1 QTuaiouia, uuu lwu uiuuieia, ouuii. auuShawhan Hays.FOX.Lonesomeness following the deathof an only sister last June, is believed to have caused Robert E. Foxto commit suicide at Winchester. Wed-sdaj by si100ting himself throughthe head Mr Fox was a bachelorw- . . , . : "-lr- Jonn iox, jr., tne novelist, ior-merly of Paris. He left an estate val-noi or nnnnr in in 11 i-coti.ito pnTnrnTi,arrangements.HANNA.Sarah Ellen Hanna, widow ofMrsI Jefferson Mortimer Hanna, died at her', : tvi rrQPf1,. 0,fQ OI1Lexington, Tuesday, after an,been attending bunciay aillness of two weeks. Mrs. Hanna nf' Suuday hJ enroll!nccelebrated her eightieth birthday onlof man' classes at 9. . . -, I .t.il.t. .Ji.I..TMi..i. onluaicu -u.j mrs. Hanna was uie greaL-grmiu-dauchter of Colonel wm. Moore. SI12wwas a native of Bourbon county, andtlie daughter of William Guthrie-wasPatterton and Matilda Ward Moore.She is survived by three children,Miss Yarina Davis and Miss VirginiaTT .1, 0 tnnnynr. in Via'ijaiuia, i) uu ai: Ltav,utio m i.i-i Lexington scnoois, ana iir. w imam ,.. Hanna. JFuneral services were held at the Ii. -i -, ittj 1 r !laniny resilience wuuue&uiiy ulluiuuuuat 2:30 o'clock, conducted by Rev. It.T. Gillispie. The burial followed inthe Lexington Cemetery. Mr. Wm.B. Woodford was one of the pallbearers.WRIGHT.News has been received here of the.death in Nashville, Tennessee, of Mr.SWill H. Wright, a relative of thej Wright families of this vicinity, who! went from Clark county to Nashvilloin 1877., air. Wright was a aon of the late(Mr.theHarry Wright, and a brother oflate Squire Wrlgnt, of Levee,Montgomery county. He was a grand-son o Thomas Wright, vho came toClark county from South Carolina inthe early 'days. He owned the farmon the Pretty Run pike, on the Bour-bon county nne, now owned by theheirg of tue late Squire John Evans,For several years he was in charge ofGrigsby farm near Winchester,sons and three daughters.many relatives through this section ofthe country.DOW.- -The body of Mrs. Bessie MarshDdw, wife of Mr. Rion Dow, formerlyof this city, who died at her home inDes Moines, Iowa, at a late hour Mon-in East Paris.The funeral was held yesterday afternoon at two o'clock, at the home ofMr. and Mrs. Marsh, the services being conducted by Rev. F. J. Cheek, 0Danville,' formerly of Paris. The burial followed in the Paris Cemetery.The (pall-bearers were Ira D. Thompson, John Spears, Steele Marsh, ClarkBascom, Charles Wilmoth and FrankP. Walker.In company with her husband, Mrs.Marsh was a guest here Christmas ofrelatives. A few weeks after their return to Des Moines she was takensick. Her condition grew graduallyworse, and for the past week her deathwas momentarily expected.Mrs. Dow, who was in her fortiethyear, as Miss Bessie Marsh, was oneof the most popular young women inthe city or county, having a large circle of warm friends, who have learned with genuine sorrow of her death,and who have planted deep memorierof her many charming traits of char-Jacter and her warm friendships madein the days of her youth, and whichhave never languished. She was orieof those warm-hearted, impulsive women whose friendship was a thing ofjoy to those upon whom it was bestowed. She will be sadly missed byall who knew her.Mrs. Dow was married to Mr. RionDow. son of Mr. and Mrs. Robert Dow,lof this city, about twenty years ago.and their married life has been oneof the very happiest. Jne is survivedby her husband, Mr. Rion Dow; herparents, Mr. and Mrs. B. B. Marsh;three sisters, Mrs. Dill Wheat, of Newport, Misses Janie and Catherine.Marsh, of Paris; and one brother, Mr.j Harry Marsh, of Paris.RECOVERING FROM OPERATION.Friends in this city of Mr. ShermanStivers, former newspaper man ofParis and Lexington, will be glad tolearn that he is rapidly recoveringfrom the effects ot an operation forappendicitis, performed at Waco,.rr,. .. .rexas, some time ago. Miago. Mr. Stivers.has been in the South for some monthsin the interest of a proprietary medicine as publicity representative, andhas been making good all along theline.RELIGIOUS.I mere win oe a sunrise prayermeeting at the Methodist church nextSunday morning at 6 o'clock, conduct-ed y tne Ciiy Union of the YoungNaples' Societies.1 Rev. Stallings has resigned thej - - - !pasioraie oi me anas baptist church.?ear J"""?. to accept a con;ltova a jonsatioii .ln western Ken-tucKy. we nas been raastor Of theSilas church for the past two years.Qf Pafor'o T7!ricnrril sliiitsli Ts..n tt tt t. .,Geo. H. Harris, rector. Good Fridayeorvipnc nt 1ft' 5fl o -m nnrl 1'1r -n -.Easter Day, Sunday school at 9:30 a.m. sermon and Holy communiona10:45 a. m. A cordial invitationextended to every one.isThe regular meeting of the YoungLadies' Mission Circle of the Christianchurch was held in the church parloryesterday afternoon. The Circle hadchance of the prayer meeting beforethe business meeting.May 6 has been designated as "Go -io-uiiuay acnooi uay in uns atate.The Paris Sunday schools invite youjparrjSf 0f Paris, for 175to malce every Sunday a "uo-io-sun-. J ., .. J' , t,i .been attending Sunday school, startin some one50 n TiiVl. 1.11 illUUI V.IUUUI.U J,I I, til.The Endeavor Society of theChristian Church will meet in thchurch iparlors Sunday night at 6:30All interesting Easter program has. Deeil arranged, alsoa program ofspecial music. The subject will be"The Significance of Easter," MissElizabeth Clark, leader. The Woman's Society will meet in the churchparlors next Tuesday afternoon at5:30 o'clock.PRESBYTERY OF EBENEZERTO MEET IN MAYSVILLE.The Presbytery of Ebenezer, ofwhich the Paris church is a part, willmeet in Maysville, at the First Presbyterian church next Tuesday, andwill continue in session throughoutThursday. Some of the most prominent members of the Presbyterian dcnomination in this section of the Statewill be in attendance, and representstives from the various churches withinthis territory will be in Maysville toattend the sessions.The Maysville hotels have madespecial rates for the entertainment ofthe visitors, but as many as possiblewill be entertained in hromes of members of the Maysville congregation.The hospitality of the church will betested to provide suitable entertain-ment for the large number who are ex-pected to attend the Presbytery ses-sions' On Wednesday and Thursday thechur::!i. oDnosite the Presbyterianchurch, through the courtesy of the!Methodist pastor and people.Matters of very important businessare to come before the Presbytery atthis rieeting and on Tuesday and Wednesday evenings there will be publicmeetings held in the Presbyterianchurch, to which the public in generalis invited. Some of the strongest menin the Presbytery will deliver addresses. The Presbyterian people areinvited to attend the meetings bothday and night.MATRIMONIAL.STEWART CAMPBELL.A marriage license was grantedTuesday by County Clerk PearcePaton to Miss Effie P. Stewart andMr. Rodney Ray Campbell, both of thocounty.MARSHALL MAYBRIER.At his residence on Sixth street,in " this city, last Saturday afternoon,Rev. Dr. O. R. Mangum, pastor of theParis Baptist church, performed theceremony uniting in marriage Mr. A.J. Maybrier, of the Muir neighborhood, and Mrs. Ida Marshall, of Paris.After the ceremony Mr. and Mrs. Maybrier left for the home of the bridegroom, in Fleming county.HEINRICI GRIFFITH.Cards as below have been issued. !The groom is the son of the late Mr.John Griffith, of Harrison county, anda grandson of Mrs. W. K. Griffith, ofnear "Rrnarlwoll nnd ia i-nint.i i.'iirJ. T. Sharrard, of this city:"Mr. and Mrs. George C. Eeinrici announce the marriage of their daughter.uussie uatnenne, to Mr. KerfootMoore Griffith, on Wednesday, Marchtwenty-eighth, nineteen hundred andseventeen, Kansas City, Missouri. AtHome after April fifteenth, Paris, Kentucky." LECTURE ONBELGIUMRELIEFWORK.Mr. Victor Boegaert, the Lexingtonjeweler, who has been speaking in anumber of Central Kentucky towns onthe subject of the situation in Belgium,and the relief work being done thereby Americans, addressed the pupilsof the Paris Hitrh Sohoni , a,i;I w " -"G XXUI.Utorium, Wednesday afternoon. Mrs.Bogaert's address was a vivid exposition of the suffering caused inBelgium by the war. A collection forthe Belgium fund was taken amongthe pupils.rlG lias ilclU UL tlie m-juiuuioi iuyiayJinivv 1 a. 1 l n i- 4 1 a iTxlrxlrv- Lj'-vi ey rkS ai IMr. Clarence Cerr, of Lexington,sold to Mr. S. T. Chipley, of SouthMain street, a handsome Shetlandj pony, for $85.rP "Dotio Titr-nc,,! cOMntMn. vi j. mw, pui-lififirl rF linrcoa inMays viile. Monday, which he shippedto Cincinnati, from where theywillbe sliced to the war zone.The following sales of live stockifor this week are reported by Myers& McClintock, of this city: One pair- .,, .n ,T Jh r.n. m.VL "1Gi " iul- - "! vuiiiuo, ui i-iuiuiiMiddletown, for ?525; one aged mule toMr. Miller, of Nicholas county, for'$175; two mules to Mr. Wm. Hagan,of near Clintonville, for ?460; one agedImule to a Flemincsburg buyer, for$175: two mules to Mr. Wm. Hagan.i ?225 ; two mules to Mr. James Ishmael.of Hie county, for $385; one mule toAir. Oscar Henry, of this county, for$22if; two aged mules to Mr. W. A.iThomason, of near North Middletown,for ?500; one general purpose horse to;Mr. Harvey Hardwick, -of the countv,Ifcr 125- one aced mule to Mr. Jos.DELEGATES ELECTED.The following delegates, recentlyelected, will represent Imperial Encampment Patriarchs Militant, I. O. O.F., of this city, at the Grand EnFrankfort on May 16; Past Chief PaFrankfort on May 16: Parst Chief Patriarchs Samuel Ewalt, James H. Ryeand William Lail.OptometryPronounced Op-tom-e-try,withthe accent on the second syllable,is the SCIENCE of measuringthe refractive media of the eye,and where error exists prescribing glasses that will bend therays of light so they will focusupon the retina of the eye, stimulating the rods and cones, restoring your vision to normal.We are graduates of this SCIENCE and especially invite youto call and see us if you havetrouble with faulty vision. Consultation free.FRYE & FRANKLINDoctors 0! OptometryDow Bldg., opp. Windsor Hotelcrvnnjr nrrT i?TrKiDRESS UPin white,it DAN COHEN 4i )ffiffk - PARIS, KY. rfAW;v: Easter DinnerFromWflRGOLEN'SSanitary Market.Lamb, Veal,Young Pig Roastand Fancy BeefA Full Line ofFruafs andVegetablesCALL UPMARGOLEN'S'First Class Meat Market.Make Your CarLook New ForA Dollar or Twofstzr vjkyyd&Zs&tff-'fm mWhether you paint your car yourself for the"fun of it" or for the tires and gasolene thatthe saving will buy, our Auto Finishes willgive the finish desired at a home-made price.C. A. DaughertyFifth and Main StreetsThe largest and most completedisplay of beautiful Easter Footwear ever offered now readyfor you. All the new noveltiesgrey, Russ. tan and other fashiona--ble shades, as well as the more conservativestylesFOR MEN WOMENAND CHILDRENAt ONE-HALF the Price You Pay Elsewhere!Our Method of Merchandising Cuts YourShoe Cost! Experienced shoe men buyingin unlimited quantities for our large chain ofstores for spot cash assures you of the bestin shoes at lowest possible prices.DeliciousJuicy Meats!VEALPORKCHOPSSTEAKSThe Best Roast Beefand Breakfast Bacon inthe World.WILMOTHGrocery Go.Phone 37Paris, KentuckyWITHliiiffVV 11 iM'tom if f Jf'AW 1I Iff l.UV 1Jl '4---