Vr"v VV. wV:&crv - v;fj . T-vftraar trm&& . J fe2WF3Seii ' ' i -., 'dr ."? 4rwtVNEWS)r 2i" .,j-i- -WPUBLISHED EVERY TUESDAY AND FRIDAY IN THE YEAR.VOLUME XXXVIIPARIS, BOURBON COUNTY, KENTUCKY, TUESDAY, OCTOBER 16. 1917v i . , m la... it' -V"T3 "THE BOURBONE iORDERS TO HLL NATIONALGUARD REGIMENTS.Otting to withdrawals from theNational Army to fill NationalGuard legiments to the new standard of 3,600 men, a heavy shortagejS evident in the National Army,and the expediting of the secondcall i being considered. Quartersare available for an additional regimcnv at eacn of the cantonmentsand in some instances for a bigade.Itors operating against an earlycall are lack of clothing and equipment and the overburdening of theiailroads in moving the men. Thecall is likely in December or January. . .The strictest secrecy is being obcerved regarding the date of transfer to Southern camps of 8,000selective draft soldiers from CampZachary Taylor. The men will betaken wholly from the 159th Depot Brigade, it was announced Saturday, and will be the biggest troopmovement ever made out of LouisMile. Hurried preparations to receivethe fourth and final quota of thefirst call for the National Army werebegun at Camp Zachary Taylor, following receipt of telegraphic instructions by Maj. Gen. Harry. C.HaK The men will begin arriving"Wednesday. Officers to have chargeof the reception of the new menliae been named and will meet atonce for instruction.The next increment of the National Guard from Kentucky willmil 4.990 boys to the trainingcamp.-making up the total of 14, 236 Jac 46 have already oeen caiiea.Adjutant General J. Tandy Ellisannounced that he has received re--nnrf.,on the full quotas from thecounties of the State. The jgamesjof those who will go irom souroncounty were published in Friday'sissue of THE NEWS.- The next call.hich has been ordered, -will takethe following quotas from countiesin Central Kentucky:Bath, 43; Bourbon, 76; Clark,73; Fayette, 27; Fleming, 73, Franklin, 2; Harrison, 40; Jessamine, 38;Mason, 54; Mercer, 29; Montgemciy, 42; Nicholas, 24; Owen, 30;Scott, 47; Wioodford, 29.KSalQTO SELL LIBERTY LOAN BONDS.. John T. Collins, chairman of theBourdon County National Defense Finance Committee, has appointed thefollowing gentlemen to solicit subscriptions for the United States Government Bonds of the second LibertyLoan: Thos. H. Clay, Jr., S. L.Weathers, John Woodford, LeeStevenson, George Jones, J. HarryHolt, T. Hart Talbott, John Willy.lonp's -Edward "Costello, H. C.Smith. Claude M. Thomas, Capt. F.E Nelson, Charlton A. Clay, SamuelC'av, Ray Burris, James Dodge, Samuel 'Harding, Elmer Boardman, Houston Crouch, Edsell Clark, K. D.Burris, A. T. Moffatt, W. D. Mclntyre,.1 F. McDaniel, D. C. Lisle, V. W.Terguson. Ben Rucker, G. R- Bur"berrv Hope Wiedemann, CatesbyWoodford, John Clay, Joe Leach,Frank Clay, Wm. Woodford, JamesIhompson, W. B. Ardery, RobertMeteer, M. R. Jacoby, John D. Wigsins. N. Ford Brent, W. A. Thomafcson, H. S. Cay wood, W. G. Mcriintock, James Caldwell, Dr. F. J.Campbell, A. B. Hancock, J. W.baK John Davis and Peale Collier.Thev are asked to solicit subscription and meet again Thursday evening at 7:30 o'clock -at the courthouse.m m ieiRETURNS WITH BUICKS.Messrs. Chas. S. Ball, Charles Hopkm Wood Houston and CanSchrote, of the C. S. Ball Garage'or-es, returned Saturday fromFlint, Michigan, driving four newBukk machines which they securedfrom the Buick factories.The party left Paris Wednesdaylor Flint to get the cars. Returningthev struck some extremely cold-.veanier through Michigan, wherethey saw children rolling huge snowball and skating. The cold madeThe drive hack very uncomfortable torthe-i until they struck "Dixieland.a JS paRARR0W HOSPITAL UNIT EXPECTING ORDERS DAILY. .O-iers to prepare for taking ieScH are daily expected by ; tne uv.Barrow Base Hospital Unit aany.Se-eral Paris and Bourbon countyneonle are members of the unit,S!b bis bn reported to. Surgeon-nni sturgeon at .Washington asready for action. ...The training of the hospital corpsi now practically the only thingthat stands between the embarkationi the Unit for the foreign service.BUSINESS MEN'S CLUB IN LIBERTY LOAN MEETING.The Business Men's Club will hold-a neeting at the court house at 7:iUo'clock Thursday night to discuss thesubject of raising Bourbon countyallotment in the new Liberty LoanThe allotment for this county hasbeen placed -at $400,000, just $100,-v...iu.i. ..-o000 more than that ot cLoan.m 1 'UHLCAGO WlNSJRLD CHAMPIONSHD? SERIESThe Chicago White Sox cinched agood hold on the world's championship games by winning at ewYork yesterday from the New JoriGiWhv a. score of 4 to 2. Chicago:nf"; enes &nd New or tion in the employ oi iue isuu&SrSe 0eSriyetrdaywere: Autom0bile Co., as gateman at oneS-o Far amd Sohlk; New of their largeet factories. Mrs,rk-Bent pSStt ami Jtairden. Kins d family ltoytorlhiS&JvUMg ,Btroit to jolfcttr. Kin i their-andHigler. . - pew JwaT - .' - -MIDNIGHT HRE DESTROYS WM.BRYAN HOME.The handsome home of Mr. Wm.Bryan of the Peoples-Deposit Bank, Lieut. Reuben Hutchcraf t, son oflocated at Fifteenth and Cypress Mr. and Mrs. R. B. Hutchcraft ofstreet, was completely destroyed by Paris, former Representative fromSifirw y rSht'- orinatinS from Bourbon county in the Kentucky Leg-ihSj f- f aSlme m a Mature, member of the Kentucky? J8tJnCe.aay; Mand .M' Tax Commission and lately ProfessorLryan had retired for the night of Law at th Universiy of Ken-STnfT? ?S awaene abo tucky, has written back from France,i2 40 clCk ll thG ff1 f Sm(Se where he een sent on speciaand the crackling of flames He DUsiness by the War Department,hurriedly sent m a call to the fire that he is the arm sery?ce , thdepartment, and neighbors coming to land of the BoUrbons.the scene, sent m an alarm from Lieut Hutchcraft, who was commi 4- j j missioned after gran duation from theThe fire department responded officers' Reserve Corps training camppromptly with the auto truck and j al Ft B'enj Harrison .Indiana? wrotechemical engine, but upon arrival , last week to Judge w T Lafferty,oMe redencf This neSSteTa Urean of.the Law 9olle of the Statereturn to the headquarters for additional hose. The members of the department state that the fire pressurefrom the water works pump stationwas very weak when they beginwork,else they could have saved theresidence. The flames soon spreadthrough the entire house, which wasl educed to ashes in a short time,despite the efforts of the firemen tocontrol it.Mr. Bryan, with the help of neighbors and volunteers among the spec- jtators saved some rurmture, out tnerest of the contents were consumedby the flames. He carried $1,800insurance on the home, $700 on furniture, $350 on the Chevrolet auto,which was thought to have primarily caused the blaze, but had no inJsurance on tne garage.Experts who examined the auto after ihe fire were of the opinion thata-hort circuit in the wires in somewfe ignited the gasoline, whichstoried the work of destruction.Mr. and Mrs. Bryan spent the remainder of the night, after viewingthe fire's destructive work, withneighbors. They gave the firemen alldue meed of praise for making aquick run and making a game fightto save the home, although workingunder a handicap.sa m .Fire, Wind and LightningInsurance. ';Thomas, Woodford & Bryan.IS 1S5 TBEVERYONE MUST MAKE TAX RE-TURNSParis citizens, firms and corporations who are liable to tax under thenew war revenue law, recently enacted by Congress, must within the nextthirty days, .make returns to the Federal Government or they will be subjected to aeavy penalty. -.Notice to the public and instructions to the various internal revenuecollectors throughout the countrywere issued last week in Washingtonby United States Internal RevenueCommissioner Roper interpreting thenew law's operation and classifyingthe persons, firms and corporationsaffected.Warning was given by the Commissioner of Internal Revenue thatin no" case would the government takethe, initiative in getting in the returns, although all returns will heverified, but that everybody concerned should communicate with thenearest revenue office.Persons failing to make returns,Commissioner Roper announced, willbe regarded as tax slackers and penalties will be enforced against them.IK 1 BSUPERINTENDENT NOMINEEWRITES CARD TO VOTERSFriends, I take this opportunity toexpress my sincerest gratitude forjour every effort in my behalf,although I've been tardy in my expression of such, which is not veryindicative of great appreciation, andwhen I' tell you I have been busier:mtil now since the primarylhan before you will know why I haven'tThanked you earlier. You have' indeed been loy?i and I appreciate it.besides I feel just as kindly towardthose who were against me. for Irespect their choice, but I hope theywill feel willing to vote for me inNovember, as many have declaredthey would. So, let us get togethermd do the big thing expected of us.We stand at the threshold or a new jdayfon;in our county. jome, iet us 5"fnrwarfl TTelt) me to maKe my areamjfor her a reality. In so doing, txoaj lielp me to make the "very most ofevery opportunity.j. B. CAYWOOD.fePATROLMAN KING RESIGNS jTAKES DETROIT POSITION.Tbo resignation of Patrolmantt, w TCine as a member of theParis police force was tendered to;Mayor John T. Hinton last week to ,be come effective immediately. He twill be succeeded on the force byiMr. Thos. W. Mynes, who has for;several years been in charge of the.county workhouse in East Paris.Mr. King came to Jb-aris irom Augusta several years ago, ana Decamea member of tne rans ure ucycwi.ment upon the succession of MayorJohn T. Hinton to the executiveoffice. He was afterward appointeda member of the Paris police force,in which capacity he rendered faithlul and efficient service. In the latter part of his tenure of office hemade the race for the Democraticnomination for Jailer of Bourboncounty. - . ..Mr. King left Sunday ior ueuouMich. Webere he'nas secure yuo.LIEUTENANT REUBEN HUTCH-CRAFT NOW SERVINGIN PRANCE.imcioiij a.. xiAiugiuu, UClllUg lllULthat, while he could not tell much ofhis trip to Frence because of thestrictnessf the military censorship,he was enjoying himself, and was inactive training "somewhere ' inFrance," Joseph Torrence, of Cynthiana, recently commissioned in thearmy service, is also in France, andis with Lieut. Hutchcraft.FORMER PARISIAN KILLED BYLIVE WIRE.Mr. Julian Howe, of the Paris Gas&. Electric Co., received a letter Saturday from Mr. Wm. B. Tinsley, ofSt. Louis, formerly of Paris, in.vhich he told of the death there of- c; B I. Wilmering, who was for atime in the employ of the Paris Gas& Electric Co., as solicitor.Mr. Wilmering, who was an exrert electrician, was making someadjustments to an electric dynamoin Maplewood, a suburb of St. Louis, iwhen his hand accidently came incontact with a live wire. The entire voltage of the powerful currentpassed through the unfortunatenmn's body, causing death instantly.Mr. Wilmering will be pleasantlylemembered here, he being a man ofgenial qualities. While here he wasmarried to a St. Louis girl, who surives him.Ea TS isB-4 MREInsure wit ItW.O.HINTON &SON,Agts23 is saGRANDSON OP PARIS MAN INAVIATION CORPS.Sunday's Courier-Journal publishesa fine half-tone' cut of Mr. Percy C.fenry, Jr., son of Mr. and Mrs.Percy Henry of Louisville, a grandson of the late Mr. Phil .Nippert, Sr.,of Parish' -m r 'Mr. Nippert is now in Louisvilleawaiting orders to join the AviationCorps of the United States Army, invhich he has secured a commissionas Lieutenant. He has been captaincf the baseball team and the footballteam at Georgetown College, wherehe 'has been a student for severalyears. Mr. Henry has been a frequent visitor in Paris, as a guest ofMs uncle, Mr. Phil 'Nippert, managerof the Paris Ice Manufacturing Co.7"T?(flniI IWe have heard the Dr. A. Reed CushionShoe called the "dry foot shoe." It's a oodname but it only tells part of the story.Look at theDr.A.flp'shown above, and you'll see one of the newmodels that's up to the last minute in styleand appearance.Our stock includes all the smartest styles oftKe season, every size and shape, a remarkableassortment of fine footwear.iP FIBER CUSHION .ZJfSJffflW OAK LEATHER OUT &OyMMffiffi8ECT10NM. VIEW 6HOWING CONSTRUCTION OT SdLKJ)r. A. REED'S CUSHION anusr (patented)J. P. Smith Shoe Comproy. Makers-Mitchell &VVBIGGEST AND BOLDEST PLOTFOILED BY SECRET SERVICEA plot to export tungsten, ametal used to harden steel, fromthis country on board the Scandinavian-Americanliner United States,m violation of the espionage act andPresident Wilson's proclamation,was balked in New York by Federalagents with the arrest of three men.The illicit export of the metal,presumably for Germany, ias beenkoing on for some time, tire UnitedState attorney announced.Harold A. Content, AssistantUnited States District Attorney,who represented the case, declaredthat the breaking up "of the plot "isequivalent to the sinking of tenGerman submarines."One of the men arrested was FritzOerundel,, a steward on the UnitedStates. " Federal agents say theyfound on him a brass check for asuitcase, which, when located, contained forty pounds of tungsten, andthat a search of the liner brought tolight 160 more pounds concealed under a stateroom floor.The other two men arrested wereWaldemar J. Adams and Robert Collins, both Swedes, partners in aSwedish bookstore, to' which Oerundel made .many trips while undersecret surveillance of government'agents. When arraigned before aUnited States Commissioner theywere held in $2,500 bail, while Oerundel was held in $3,500.?a feSECONDLIBERTY LOAN BONDSSOLD 'ON INSTALLMENTS.Loosen your puise strings, sonsand daughters of Columbia, and takethe bonds of the Second LibertyLoan. Bijy them till the pinch ofbuying brings to your heart the glowof a good1 investment made and agood deedfdone. Buy U. S. Government Liberty Bonds. If you have one,buy another, and sell two more bondsto two other good Americans.We are offering these LibertyBonds on easy terms a $50 Bond at$1.00 dowii and the balance in weekly payment of $1.00 per week; the$100.00 Binds at $2.00 down and$2.00 per i eek.THE FIKST NATIONAL BANK.(oct5-8t)ITS3 3 QNEW POSITION CREATED BY THELOUISVILLE & NASHVILLE.The Louisville & Nashville raili oad has created a new-office at Paris,,that of Rule Clerk, to which Mr. Jos.Grosche, who has for years been oneof the most faithful and efficientemployes of the road in the TrainDispatcher's office, has been promoted. The position in the train dispatching service made vacant by Mr. Grosche's promotion, will be filled temporarily by Mr. Thos. A. McDonald,of Paris, who has also been a member of the operating force in the localoffice.- P .2? flUllW"""a w z: ' -.TRADEMARK2)lZ2LOBlakemorehSLEXEMPTION BY CLASS PROPOSED IN NEXT DRAFTThe general shortage of labor inindustries that must be kept goingat top speed if the United States isto throw its whole strength intothe war, is giving considerable concern to government officials studyinguie situation, uonaitions xin somejparts of the country already threatenproduction of essential materials.Large government orders reaching into every branch of industryhave stimulated business to an extent never before known. Coalmines are overtaxed and 'railroadscannot move the country's freight.Shipyards are preparing to turn,out as much tonnage next year aswas built in the last decade. Munitions factories are searching thecountry for men. .The first army draft took largenumbers of men out of essential industries and' the next, unless thepresent exemption policy is changed,will withdraw as many more. Officials are giving serious thoughts toa suggestion heard in many quartersthat, in forming the next draft army,exemption be applied to industriesinstead of individuals. Under thelaw as it now stands there is noprovision for the exemption ofclasses.Officials believe that if a generalexemption policy is not enforced itwill become necessary to removemen from the non-essential industries to those which must be maintained during the war.Suggestions of conscription oflabor for employment in industrieshave not been considered seriously,although it is likely that men maybe asked to volunteer for selectedwork, such as the cutting of sprucetimber in the West for the manufacture of aircraft.IS Id IBSEE TJS HRST.See us first when you have anykind of a deal in real estate. Weknow how to get results.(16-6t) PARIS REALTY CO.JE3 fe 3UNCLE SAM NEEDS STENOGRAPHERS AND TYPEWRITERS.Now that Uncle Sam has the youngmen of the country 'in training formilitary service, he finds that heneeds 10,000 typewriter operatorsand stenographers and typewriters,both men and women, for the Departments at Washington. The CivilService Commission has notified all ofits 3,000 boards of examiners thatthey should put forth their hest efforts to secure these urgently neededn-orkers. While examinations arenow held weekly in 450 cities, theCommission states that arrangements-vill be made to have an examinationheld at any accessible place where amall class of applicants can be secured. The entrance salaries rangefrom ?1,000 to ?1,200 a year. Promotions is reasonably rapid to thosewhose services prove satisfactory.No appointments can be made tochese or other positions in the Federal classified service unless authorized by the Civil. Service Commissionunder the civil service law. Any information to the contrary is unauthorized. This is a splendid opportunity to serve your country. Fullinformation may be secured from thesecretary of the board of civil service examiners at the Paris postoffice.Examination to be held in Paris,November 2.S TE3 ISATJTO LICENSES GRANTED:The following auto license numberswere issued last week from the officeof the Commissioner of Motor Vehicles at Frankfort, to Pans anaournon county owners:Nannie C. Wallis, Paris, Buick,39868; A. W. Plummer, Paris, Overhand, 39940; J. T. Osborne, Paris,Ford 39952; Lusk & Shea, Paris,rord', 39956; T. H. Talbott, Paris,Studebaker, 40d09; S. J. Oldson,wnrth Middletown. Ford, 40060; D.W. Estill, Paris, Ford, 40061; Lee R.Cravens, Paris, Ford, 50064; G. W.Wagner, Paris, 40092.im lei Ss1917-1918 OVIERCO'ATS.Belters, trench models, ulstersany sort of overcoat you prefer wehave, $15 to $60.J. W. "DAVIS & CO.ALLEGED PORGER CAPTURED.Chief of Palice Link Teturned Sunoay night from Cincinnati, having-lncharge James Vice, member of aprominent Nicholas county familyxvhom he arrested on a charge offrvSTis alleged to have forged acheck for a small sum on Mr BenBuckner, manager of the XalapaFarm, and eluded capture, after theforgery had been discovered and thepolfce notified. Chief of Police Lmklearned Saturday that Vice was mr.!..:..ntl a-nri PnmmUIllCaieU wnuthe Cincinnati police, who found"ice and placed him under arrestVice was around Paris for quite awhile and gave the impression of being a rounder.want raBjnpgm to visit'theWAR ZONE.An Associated Press cablegramfrom Paris, France, says:"The suggestion that PresidentWilson visit Europe is made by TheInformation in 'a leading editorial.It says the Allie need the President's counsel that .his tofiuncewould be powerful in tablfunitv in rgar todemocratiijeate,d that such a viatt would e of! aoVafttag alae America,CITIZENS TO VOTE ON WATERCONTRACT AND BOND ISSUEAccording to an ordinance "passedat the recent meeting of the ParisCity Council, the citizens of Pariswill vote on Tuesday, November 6, onthe city's proposed contract with the-ans Water Company, which is proposed to cover a period of twentyyears. It was also ordered that at theregular election to be held on thesame day the question of issuingbonds in the sum of ?20,000 be submitted to the qualified voters of the"city for the purpose of constructing-fewer beginning at Stoner avenue,and continuing through the easternpart of the city to Twentieth andSouth Main street.The Council also ordered theamendment of an ordinance which,was passed on June 14, providing forthe issuing of bonds of the city ofParis in the sum of $46,000, theamendment authorizing and directing the preparation of these bonds.The original issue was made for the -purposeof making needed repairs andadditions to the Paris Public Schoolbuilding. The amendment was madepossible by the decision of the Courtof Appeals declaring the validity ofthese bonds, and the election carrying same. The bonds are to be ofthe denomination of $500 each, to bedated July 1, 1917, numbered fromone to ninety-two, the last one tomature on November 1, 1936, andbearing interest at five per cent., paysble semi-annually.S3 tta aTOBACCO SALES TO OPEN IN APEW WEEKS.It will be only a short time nowuntil the tobacco sales will open inKentucky, and every indicationpoints to the fact that extra goodprices will be paid for all grades ofthe weed this year. Practically allthe tobacco grown in this countywill be sold on the floors of the twoParis warehouses, the Bourbon andthe New Independent, as they willoffer just as many good advantagesin prices and house accommodationsas any other house in the State.The crop in this county will be alarge one, and of superior quality,according to the best informationavailable from well-posted men inthe business, and it will put manyaollars in the pockets of the growei s, dealers and tenants, as well.Speculators have been throughthe county, but it seems that theyhave not been, very successful, itappearing that the growers prefer totake their chances on a rising mar- .ket at the local houses. A lot of theTop in this county has been safelyhoused, and from now on the curingprocess will be the next step, followed by preparation of the weed forthe market.fe la Jta -aTHE WEATHER.Forecast for week beginning Suniay, Oct. 14, is as follows:For Ohio Valley and Tennessee:Fair, except occasional showers aboutTuesday and Friday. Temperaturesomewhat above the average.The coldest weather of the earlyfalL in this section was recorded Friday morning, when, following a"steady downpour of rain on Thursdaynight, the thermometer registered 32?degrees, with a chilling wind blowing;and the overcast skies giving fairpromise of snow. Early risers reportnow flurries Friday morning, lastinghut a few seconds. The housetopswere white with frost, the heaviestof the season. The temperature took,an upward tendency Sunday and yesterday, both days being considerablywarmer.Id I8iREAL ESTATE DEALS.The one-story frame cottage onNineteenth street, belonging to MissHazel Overby, was sold ast weekthrough the Paris Realty Co. to Mrs.Emma Fisher, of Paris, for a pricej-aid to have been about $2,100.Miss Overby will move to Cincinnatito reside with her father, Mr. W.T. Overby, who is engaged fn the tobacco business there.Mr. John Merringer purchasedthe Anderson property, a two-storybrick business house on Main street,occupied by Mr. Albert Anthon as ameat market, which was offered atpublic sale Saturday, the sale being;cried by Auctioneer George DSpeakes. Mr. Ossian Edwards wasagent for the property.Col. Dan L. Moore, of Mercercounty, brother-in-law of Mr. Charlton Alexander, of Paris, purchased ofMr. T. R. Graft, of Mississippi 1,200acres of land near Rolling Fork,,Miss., for $55,000 cash. 'Mr. Charles P. Mann, of the ParisRealty Co., sold yesterday to Mr.Thos. Henry Clay, Jr., his farm of27ay4 acres, near Stony Point. Mr.Clay will add the farm to his StonyPoint estate.lea m. WE KNOW HOW.When you have anything to sell in;the real estate line call on us.(16-6t) PARIS REALTY CO.POOD PLEDGE WEEK IS PUT OEFUNTIL OCT. 28.In compliance with a request fromPresident W&lson, Food Pledge Week,set for Octoper 21 to 27, has beendeferred a week to avoid a contictwith the closing week of the LibertyLoan campaign. In'ni letter to tlFood Administrator, tke PreaUeatpoiateA out that it irouML be McaiyImdeeiraWe to $aTe tae tweRMreme4 rater way at tftetime.sr' 9,s4f:-Ct(-ftca-jTi-,i-sSACK TWOTHE BOURBON TOWS, PARIS, KY.TUESDAY.OCTOBliR if, ;$17I'-1'IHifHHTHE BOURBON NEWSabllshd 188135 Ytars of Continuous Publication.bllshed Every Tuesday and Friday,r Year... $2.00 Six Months... $1.00Payable in Advance.WIFT CHAMP. Editor and Owner.Any erroneous reflection upon thecharacter, standing or reputation ofamy person, firm or corporation which,ay appear in the columns of THEBOURBON NEWS will be gladly corrected if brought to attention of theditor.ADVERTISING RATESDisplay Advertisements, $1.00 perInch for first time; 50 cents per incheach subsequent insertion.Reading Notices, 10 cents per lineeach issue; reading notices in blacktype, 20 cents per line, each issue.Cards of thanks, calls on candidates, obituaries and resolutions, andaimilar matter, 10 cents per line.Special rates for large advertisements and yearly contracts.The right of publisher is reservedto decline any advertisement or otherHatter for publication.Announcements for political officesmust invariably be accompanied bythe cash.THE DEMOCRATIC TICKET.For State Senator George Hon, ofClark CountyTor Representative C M. Thomas,of Bourbon County.For Sheriff Will G. McClintock.-For County Clerk Pearce Paton.For County Judge George Batterton. For County Attorney David D.Cline.For County Superintendent of SchoolsJ. B. Caywood.?or Jailer Thomas Taul.for Assessor .Walter Clark. ,For Coroner Rudolph Davis, Paris.'or Maapstrate L- J- Pretwell, ParisPrecinct; John N. Shropshire,Cenjterville Precinct; E. P. Thomasson, Millersburg Precinct; Jno.S. Wiggins, Hutchison Precinct;R. O. Turner, Ruddles Mills Precinct; John S. Talbott, North Middletown Precinct; S. R. Burris, Little Rock Precinct; Lee Stephenson, Clintonville Precinct.For Mayor E. B. January.For CEief of Police W. Fred Link.For Police Judge Ernest Martin.For Councilmen First Ward JohnMerringer, John Christman andThos. Kiser; Second Ward S. K.Nichols, J. J. "Veatch and JohnArkle; Third Ward Geo. Doyle.EDITORIAL MUSINGS.Road Maintenance.In but few, if any, of the countiesin Kentucky is found sufficient meansin the road fund to properly maintainthe highways thereof. The State"Road Department is calling attentionto an act passed by the extraordinarysesrio of the Legislature of 1917,empowering the Fiscal Courts to callspecial elections for voting on thequestion of raising funds for roadand britige maintenance purposes, upto 2Q cents on the $100, for a periodnot exceeding ten years. By thismeans no road indebtedness is created or left over against the county atthe end xf the -year, as the law provides that only such amount raisedyearly can or shall be expended during that period.The maintenance of the highways,after we get them, is almost as vital,it not more so, as their establishmentand construction at the outset. A"big noise" is being raised in everycounty for better maintenance. It isimpossible for the Fiscal Courts toproperly comply with the presentmeans furnished them. It is up to thepeople to say by their votes If theyaesire tnese improvements carriedforward.Owing to changed conditions andthe great increase in travel and trafficduring the past few years especially-in automobiles and auto-trucks, thecost of maintenance of our highwayshas more than doubled and sinceold high cost of living is with us thecosts are yet on the upgrade.This is a matter which every citizen should take to heart and studythoroughly and with care,'"-j-n. .; Relating to Suspicion.The people of this country willhave to place a close watch on theirfeelings in the days that are beforeus. WJe are a complex people, madewUp of a mixture of many races.Across the waters our kinsmen areY -engaged in deadly conflict, and wehave ranged ourselves on the side of- one group and against another. Butthe blood of those others flows largely'"In thenational veins. It is this fact"that should cause up to watch care-fully that there grow not up in ourfiodrts a suspicion of those of alienblood enemy blood, if you so term ItThere are and will be spies manyof them. There are and will be trait-ore letus hope few of theee. But it, we are always watching for spiesA traitors we will create amatmo-pkere that -will work awre'imjury toor MtiMftTlifc thaa all, thewmtidnntUm ot tllot tlte mMtraitors combined could possibly accomplish.The good old rule that every manis a gentleman until he is provenotherwise should govern our actionsnow. When by his actions he proveshimself otherwise? then will be timeenough to condemn him.It is a noteworthy fact that theman who is always looking for faultsin others can find them, even wherethey do not exist, and constant suspicion can and will tend to distortperfect innocent actions into graveoffenses.Our best course is to leave to government officials the work of bringing spies and traitors to justice. Ourindividual interference might have atendency to muddy the waters."Sisters of Good Cheer."Members of the Fourth South Dakota Infantry, in training at Charlotte, S. C, and the First, South Dakota Cavalry, at Deming, N. M., willreceive news from home, magazines,tobacco and other things, to breakthe monontony and loneliness incamp, through the efforts of theUnited States Army Sisters of Cheer,an organization of South Dakotayoung women, who have pledgedthemselves to aid in making the lifeof the soldiers from their home Stateas cheerful as possible. The organization, which originally was formedin Sioux Falls, with the assistanceof a Sioux Falls newspaper, and nowhas chapters in every county in thatState which has boys in the formerSouth Dakota National Guard, resembles the Loyal Girls of America, aChicago organization, in so far as theobject is concerned. But the Sistersof Cheer will communicate only withhome State boys, while the Chicagoorganization furnishes names of menin the United States army and navyto whom those desiring can write.Each member of the Sisters ofCheer Society has been given thename of some South Dakotan withone of the two regiments With whomshe will communicate and inquire asto the things at home in which heis interested; the magazines he enjoys reading, if he smokes and thebrand of tobacco he prefers and 'Withwhat portion of the world's news heis especially eager to keep in touch.& m jsaCALUMET BAEING POWDER CO.TO GIVE LIBERTY BONDS.The Calumet Baking Powder Company of Chicago are staunch supporters of the policy of liberally rewarding the efforts of their salesmen.Each year for years they havegiven valuable prizes to salesmen securing the greatest volume of business. This year they will distribute morethan $10,000 in Liberty Bonds amongtheir high record salesmen.This is a splendid idea a plan thatit worty of the heartiest commendation and one that should be employedby other concerns who wish to contribute to the "Nation's fightingfund."The giving away of prizes in theform of Liberty Bonds was promptedby a spirit of loyalty to employes andpatriotic duty to country. It answersthe call of "conservation" withoutdepriving salesmen of awards toThich conscientious selling endeavoris entitled. It will aid the nation inlime of need and at the same timeprove prizes of real worth and onesof which Calumet salesmen will feellustly proud. 'How much better this than theawarding of the usual prize "trinkiets" than the handing out .ofawards that benefit only the recipients. It is. a patriotic merchandisingmove. 'It is certain to stimulate thesale of Calumet Baking Powder because nousewives oi Amenca arebound to buy a product of the superior quality of Calumet BakingPowder especially when they learnthat money spent for Calumet meansmoney saved' for them and a boostto the distribution of Liberty Bonds.It will enthuse Calumet salesmen.It will tie the spur of patriotism toexcel in salesmanship and finallyit adds more proof to the often provedfact that the Calumet Baking PowderCompany are ever on the alert toperve their employes their millionsoi customers and the country in genoral in the fairest possible manner.THE NOVEMBER 'AMERICAN MAGAZINE. The first installment of Bruce Barton's new serial, "The Making ofGeorge Groton," begins in the November American Magazine. B. C.Forbes tells how Daniel Willard, thegreat railroad man, got himself out ofa rut; "How to Cut Down Your CoalBill" will help you to do so; "NewYork," by George M. Cohan, is thefirst of the series "The Flavor of theCities;" and "Why I Believe in a Future Life," "When Money Began toCome Easy," and "Have You SomeImaginary Troubles?" round out aseries of excellent articles."The Story of My Life" is aboutand by Elsie Janis, the famousmimic; tnere are some uue &iuuca uysuch well-known writers as JackLait, David Grayson, H. C. Witwer,William Dudley Pelley, and the conclusion of "Fanny Herself" is printed. The Interesting People's department and the Family Money, are upto their usual high standard.IN THE HEAT.Col. Roosevelt told at the Plattsburg training camp a hot-weatherstory."To-day," he began, "is like theday when the Major said to the Colonel: " 'Colonel, I bet I've sweat twentyfour gallons this afternoon.'" 'Major, said the Colonel, 'gentlemen don't sweat they prespire.Horses sweet, sir.'' "TMittr Jt Viiivrt Pnlvnal eaiH-the:.fm hom;y. - vMOTHER! DON'T TAK&CHANCES IF CHUB'STONGUEaS'COATED.IfCross, Feverish, Sick? Bilious,Clean little Liver andBowels.A laxative to-day saves a sick childto-morrow. Children simply will nottake the time from play to emptytheir bowels, which become cloggedup with waste, liver gets sluggish,stomach sour.Look at the tongue, mother! Ifcoated, or your child is listless,' cross,feverish, breath bad, restless, doesn'teat heartily, full of cold or has sorethroat or any other children's ailment, give a teaspoonful of "California Syrup of Figs," then don't worry,because it is perfectly harmless, endin a few hours all thjs constipationpoison, sour bile and fermentingwaste will gently move out of thebowels, and you have a well, playfulchild again. A thorough "insidecleansing" is of times all that .is necessary. It should be the first treatment given in any sickness.Beware of counterfeit fig syrups.Ask your druggist for a 50-cent bottle of "California Syrup of Figs,"which has full directions for babieschildren of all ages and for grownups plainly printed on the bottle.Look carefully and see that it ismade by the "California Fig SyrupCompany." (adv)S IS fsTOBACCOBRINGING ' FANCYPRICES.(Grant County News.)Thirty dollars per hundred pounds,the highest 'price on record so far asthis county is concerned, was paidfor a crop of tobacco recently, whenR. P. Conrad, of the Baton Rougepike, sold to Leo Aswerus, a DryRidge speculator, his crop, estimatedat between 10,000 and 12,000 pounds.There is about seven acres of thecrop, Mr. Conrad says, and peoplewho have seen it pronounce it aboutthe best in the entire county. Thetobacco was grown on bluegrass sodland and that part of it which is notalready housed is ready for the knife,so it is practically out of dangerfrom frost.Mr. Conrad estimates that his cropwill average 1,500 pounds to theacre, and if it does it will bring himthe tidy sum of $450 per acre,hich will no doubt break all records for a crop of tobacco raised onI Grant county land.IS f3 te"sour stomach.Eat slowly; masticate your foodthoroughly, abstain from meat for afew days and in most cases the sourstomach will disappear. If it doesnot, take one of Chamberlain's Tablets immediately after supper. Red'meats are most likely to cause sourstomach and you may find it best tocut them out.(adv-oct)fm MmGENTLEMAN AND SCHOLAE.All doubt about, the future political intentions of Edwin P. Morrow,of Somerset, Republican candidate forGovernor in 1915, have been set atrest by Mr. Morrow himself. Althoughhe has been frequently mentioned asan aspirant for United States Senatoror Congressman, Mr. Morrow while inLouisville stated that he had nolt theslightest idea of running for anything except the Republican nominalion for governor again in 1919.m 1CROUP.If your children are subject tocroup get a bottle of Chamberlain'sCough Remedy, and when the attackcomes on be careful to follow theplain printed directions. You will besurprised at the quick relief which itaffords.(ad v-o ct )Col: McLemore Author ,of "First to Fight" SWrnFew military men in the UnitedStates have been able to accomplishmore than Col. Albert S. McLemoreas a recruiting officer, without outsideassistance. It was Col. McLemore who,as director of the recruiting for theMarine Corps, conceived the faroo-aslogan, "First to Fight," which has wonmen to this branch of the cervlcdthroughout the country. The strengthof the Marine Corps has been trelledsince Col. McLemore began the recruiting campaign. He is a firm believer inadvertising and publicity". Many c f biideas -ha-r Hwn iw',.a j-i. . ."-Jhe posters tfisplaye)! recruit!:: st... vr..su im ciieer mDissolution Notice.TheFIrm of Frye & Franklin hasbeen mutually dissolved, Mr.- Franklin retiring from the business. Allpersons knowing themselves indebted to the firm will please ' call andsettle with Mr. Frye. Those havingclaims please present to Mr. Fryefor settlement. Mr. Frye will continue the business.O. L. FRYE,W. R. FRANKLIN,(oct 2-3tT)Taken by Mistake.Left in 1917 model Ford automobile, parked near Ford Garage, onBank Row, one tan leather bill book,containing papers of the BourbonOil & Development Co. Finder willplease return to office of company,411 main street, Paris. Ky.Scrap Iron Wanted.I am paying fifty cents per hundredfor all kinds of scrap iron. Not lessthan 1,000 pounds. This material canbe weighed at any city scales. This Ito be relivered to the cars on the Louisville & Nashville tracks, oppositthe freight depot.Call us over the Cumberland 'phon347-J.MAX MUNICH,"Eighth Street, Paris, Ky. '(oct20-lyr)Home For Sale PrivatelyOn account of Mr. Napier's passenger run being changed from Paris toLexington and Cincinnati necessitating a removal to Lexington, I desirto dispose of my residvnee at the corner of Main and Second streets, inParis, at private sale.This is a substantial brick houss,two-stories, has six large rooms;sleeping porch; two concrete porches;large garden and poultry yard; sideand front yard. It is a first-classhome and will be a bargain for thpurchaser. It is in first-class shapeAn inspection of the house and premises is invited.MRS. JESSE S. NAPIER,(4-tf) 128 Mam Street.To .The Public!The merchants of Paris recentlysigned agreements to close theirstores as follows: Grocery stores at7 p. m. and Saturdays 11 p. m.Other lines of business at 5 p. m., excepting Saturdays. Some of our merchants are doing all they can to liveup to their agreement, while othersfind all kind of excuses to extend thetime of closing. One of their mainexcuses has been that customers willdelay their purchases to the lastminute, and by entering stores at theclosing hour make it difficult formerchants to close their stores asagreed upon.The Merchants Protective Association of Bourbon County at its lastmeeting directed by an unanimousvote that the undersigned make anurgent appeal to the public to kindlyassist the merchants by making alltheir purchases so as not to conflictwith this closing arrangement.There must be reason in allthings. A business or householdconducted without order and systemcannot bring complete success. Remember success does not mean moneyalone but alo means "Happiness,Harmony and Good Health."The mechanic and ordinary daylaborer will not work over 10 or 8hours per day. This you will agreeis exactly right. But why thenshould we expect a merchant towork from 6 a. m. to 10 or even 12p. m., or from 12 to 18 hours perday?The merchant desires good healthand wants to live as long as others.He wants to enjoy the company ofhis wife and children at eveningduring the week as well as only onSundays. Two hours extra rest eachday means all this for him and betterservice for you on the next day. Nodoubt you believe this is right andare willing to grant him and hisclerks and porters this necessaryrest. Then why not help him to liveup to his pledge and make your purchases accordingly?To those merchants who have sofar failed to close their stores aspromptly as they agreed, we appealagain, "For the good of all, as wellas your own welfare, let us stand together and work like one man."To those merchants who so farhave failed to fall in line on theclosing agreement, we extend anearnest appeal to "Come and work together with us for a common cause,"and to the public we appeal for theirencouragement and .co-operation inthis movement, because we believe itright.SignedFRED WECKESSER, Chairman.' WM. GRANNAN, Secretary.Eusiness Men's Protective AssociationBourbon County, Ky.(28oct-lmo)NOTICEThe best time to plant fruitand shade trees, blooming shrubs,rhubarb, asparagus, grapevines,roses, peonies, perennials, etc.,is in the FALL. Get our largeillustrated catalog of everythingfor your Orchard, Lawn or Garden. Finest stock grown anywhere:' -HP HiiLJfcC.' ? "m."7 vKJ' PianoWS.A finely - finished mahogamysquare Steinway piano a splendidinstrument for sale at a bargain.Call at residence of Dr. J. T. Brown,on Main street.(28-tf MISS ELIZABETH BROWN.DISPERSAL SALESaddle and Harness HorsesTO BE HELD ATTHE E. K. THOMAS FARMNear North Middetown, Ky.Thursday, Oct. 25, 1197AT 11:30 O'CLOCK SHARPThese are standard bred and all up-to-date in breeding, andare the get of the great sires Bourbon King, Lochinvar, ChesterDare and other great sires.Everything will be sold without any reserve whatever.Write Frank Remington, Paris, Ky., for catalogue.Geo. D. Speakes, Auctioneer. (td)Public Sale of Real EstateThursday, Oct. 18, 1917,AT 2 P. M.We will sell to the highest bidder' the following described nronertvbelonging to the estate of the late Dr. George S. Varden, deceased. Thesale will begin with No. 1, on the premises, on High Street, where Nos. 1to 8 inclusive, will be sold. Then Nc. 9 will be sold in front of residencewhere located, as also Nos. 10 and 11.Eo. 1 The residence now occupied by Geo. S. Varden, located on HighStreet, and containing 8 rooms, with front and back porch, closets, etc. Piped, for gas and a hydrant in the yard. The lotfronts 66 2-3 feet on High Street and runs back between parallelNo.2 Five room frame cottage with all modern conveniences, and adjoins No. 1. The lot it 66.66x200. This is1 an unusually desirable little home.3 Is a four room rent cottage on Sycamore Street on lot 50x195.4 Four room frame cottage adjoining No. 3. Lot 47x195.5 Is a duplicate of No. 4 on Sycamore Street. Lot 43x195.6 A- four-room fram adjoining-, No. 5. Lot 44x195.7 Is a vacant lot adininitiP- Wr, Q Girro. engineNo.No.No.No.No.Jfo. 8 Two rent houses corner ofWo. 9 Is a double two-story residence on Main Street, opposite theCatholic Church. Each apartment contains six rooms, and are. steady renters at $18 per month. Lot 71x117 &.No. 10 Is a six room frame residence containing six rooms besides a bathroom, pantries, porches, etc. Rents for $16.65 per month. Thelocation is at tne corner of36x110.No. 11 Is a duplicate of No. 10 and adjoins. Rents for $16.65month.No. 12 Vacant lot 56x70 located on the West side of West Street.No. 13 Vacant lot on..corner of Marshall and Hanson Streets. Sizefeet 7 inches by 189 feot.TERMS One-third cash; balance in in two eiual installments, due oneand two years after date, respectively, with interest at 6 per centper annum, payable semiannually, from date until paid. Deferred payments to be evidenced by notes and secured by lien andinsurance. Failure to pay interest or either note when due or tomaintain insurance to give the right to the holder of the notesto collect both at the time of default.SECURITY TRUST COMPANY;Admmistrator With the Will Annexed of." Br Georee Tarden. Deceased.-! i "M ii i 1 1 1 m ...,n inn imI Cwin Bros. Department Store1 Severn!) and main Sf$. Paris. Ktntycku;r - i v.-Twirj Bros.Farms for Sale.I hare listed for sale aomt ratilive bargains in Shelby County farmland 50 acres to 710 acres.JOHN F. DAVIS,(2-6t) Shelbyville, Ky.OFSycamore and Short Streets, frontingTwelth and Pleasant Streets.Lotper68i .n.n.iMH.1 iiiimmmi-., ...TABOUTSTYLEHere It Is !SUITSFrom $10.00 UpCOATSFrom $5.98 UpHATSFrom $1.00 UpMAKE YOUR HALLOWE'EN SUIT NOWWe have a large line of solidand fancy materials also thepatterns.Dept. Store 4riX-' ' ' i'-f ' ' '' M II M m foil i i i i u 1 1 ii 1 1 1 1 1 ii ifrfr4..,Jk" A-ifLrllyxC siA,si-'dfi&w 1 s l&k.- "t ' -" , , .TUESDAY, OCTOBER 16, 1917.v THK BOURBON OT1WS, PARIS, KI, ' """PAGE, ty jIItalian Outpost Surveys Enemy Lines. From Captured Summit in Mountainsr r jtr f - - --- -- " - --x -.-.-i-.v.- . . vr" .-, . 4- rmniH: vii"fe .I mW9B?WBmJ&' f.tEm- '15 Eft P3S3l efflW "-vss5v JTKait.fidiS".Sy5i.lJK ..rU'K-i'-r-JPR :- jWSKMMMVu -r - -iIfc1" . - '- rjatejJ &'4&.s .:. N VKDEKWOQ0HRK2WOOD'Since the capture -of Mount San Gabriele the Italians have maintaineda rigid guard in all the surrounding mountains. This striking pictureshows one of the outposts surveying the enemy lines from a capturedsummit.SOCIAL AND PERSONAL.Comings and Goings of OurPeople Here, There andElsewhere.STOP LUMBAGO PAIN.RUB BACKACHE AWAYInstant Relief ! Limber Up ! Rub Pain,Soreness, Stiffness Rieht OutWith "St. Jacob's Oil."When your back is sore and lameor lumbago, sciatica or neuritis basyou stiffened up, don't suffer! Get aEmail trial bottle of old, honest "St.Jacob's Oil" at any drug store, pour alittle in your hand and rub it rightinto the pain or ache, and by thetime you count fifty, the soreness andlameness is gone.Don't stay crippled! This soothing,penetrating oil takes the ache andpain right out and ends the misery.It is magical, yet absolutely harmlessend doesn't burn or discolor the skin.Nothing else stops lumbago, sciaticaand lame back misery so promptlyand surely. It never disappoints.(adv) 'THE NOVEMBER WOMAN'S HOMECOMPANION.The November Woman's Home Companion has stories and articles thismonth which are up to the generalstandard of excellence. Alice Brown,the famous New England authoress,contributes "An Old Debt;" MaryWilkins Freeman has "ThanksgivingCrossroads;" "Are You Eating SeaFood?" is an amazing article aboutnew kinds of fish in the sea whifch can"be eaten; Albert W. Atwood writeson "Your Money in War Time;""Voluntary Rationing" tells us whatEngland is doing about food, and MayStanley writes of Galli-Curci, the newopera star."Soldiers All," "Treasure andTrinket Fund," "The Tower Room,""Better Babies0 and all the other .departments are filled with interestingand helpful things. The fashions,picture section, cooking hints, andmany other helpful suggestions makethis issue an excellent one.m m TKentucky is going to have a hardtime eetthur a corner -on the cropof colonels after the war. ArkansasGazette.riSCAHAL BEOS.BARBER SHOPPrompt and Courteous Attention toPatrons.HOT AND COLD BATHS.EMJtioj-ncax-Makes"Tircomplete':!fit,HI :xs .WM!Tfctft S - -l I W?THERE'S a heap of joyin a ton of ood coal.Your stove or furnacewon't haye njuch troublefrom extracting comfortfrom a ton of coal if youbuy it from us. Our rapiddelivery will please you., C. DGBSONSt.SUBMARINE HAS NOT TURNEDTHE TRICK.Frank Simonds, the great war expert, has written an article for Farmand Fireside in which he says:"Half the advantage of superiorGerman preparedness was sweptaway when the British fleet made itpossible to transform America intothe factory and granary of the Allies.It will be the verdict of history thatthe defeat of Germany was made inthe United States, at least the Germans already attribute to Americanhelp the protraction of the war. Thisis the contribution of sea power. '"Against sea power Germany haddevised the submarine, or rather shehad relied i upon the submarine. Inher plans it played the part of the oldprivateer. It was a commerce destroyer, and what it undertook to dowas to prey upon commerce, upon thecommerce on which depended thevery life of Great Britain, since without Imports she would starve todeath. Yet despite all the sensationalsuccesses of the submarine, it hasfailed in its purpose. It has not isolated Britain, it has not producedstarvation, it has not even interrupted the flow of munitions or of supplies for the allied armies. It hassunk many merchantmen, but it willnot be the deciding factor in thewar."HIS LONG STAND.Percy, being down to recite at thetemperance concert, stood up to door die. He got along all right untilhe reached the words, "He stood beside the bier!" Then his memoryfailed him."He stood beside the bier!" he repeated trembling.The evil spirits on the back benches murmured one to another."He stoqd beside the bier!" groaned Percy, and he drew a moist handacross his dripping forehead."Go on!" yelled a voice rrom tnerear. "It'll get flat while you'rewaiting, you fool."Honored By FrenchW.Mt2& - avHp ' IMS? J n-JJi F'djySSr !Brig.-Geo.GeortTe B. Duncan isthe first American general to bedecorated by Frasce Jn rtfce GreatWar. , Tofetber .with,fajqrpimpbelr Kinfe. he has beea awarded .the'Cross of War, as a recognition jofhis recent r?ticipatioo in the Vr.dun offeiisivr -uhere- botkLe andKing acted ls obserVatioii officers at artillery posts behind the?by loth offiders they were wjrfer fjre' can is a Kenruckian and, claimsI,exingto,ii ashis "birthplace. . He,x received -smiiKary rramiK at tnc,ICentucky j Military fc Institute. - atI.omsviTlr. X5en. Dvncaii fiat eeaMiss Rachel Wiggins is a guestof Miss Bettie Mackoy, in Covington. Mrs. Lillian McQueen, of Frankfort, is a guest of Mrs. Kelly Haley,near Paris.Mrs. S. P. Mohney has returnedfrom a visit to friends in Moorefield,in Nicholas county.Mrs. Mary Weathers Haley andlittle son have returned from a visitto friends in Danville. vMrs. Mary Nute Gorhan. hasreturned to her home in Carlisle after a visit to Paris friends.Miss Jeanette Locknane is athome from a visit to friends and relatives in- Eastern Kentucky.Mr. W. B. Gallaher, guest ofMr. and Mrs. Reynolds Letton, hasreturned to his home in Ocala, Fla.Mrs. M. H. Davis, who has beena guest of her mother, Mrs. Wm.Hukill, Sr., has returned to her homein Mayslick.Mrs. Thompson Tarr was hostesslest week to the members of her cardclub, at her home on the Georgetownpike, near Paris.Miss Corinne Allen has returnedto her home in Georgetown after avisit to Mrs. Robert S. McCray, atNorth Middletown.Mrs. Carl C. Rabbins, of Winchester, was a guest last week ofTiiss Mabel Robbins, County Superintendent of Schools.Mrs. T. I. Wills and Mrs. T. L.Holladay have returned to theirhomes in Winchester after avisit to relatives in Paris.Dr. W. C. Worthington has returned to his home at Clintonvillefrom a business trip to BowlingGreen, and to Nashville, Tenn.Miss Mamie Stivers has returnedfrom a visit to her sister, Miss EdithStivers, who is a member of theHigh School faculty, at Newport.The Women's Club of North Middletown has presented a handsomestreamer rug to the Dr. Barrow BaseHospital Unit, to be taken to France.Mrs Gibson Taylor, of Lexingtonformerly Miss Sara Hanson, of Paris,was a week-end guest of Miss LucySimms, at her home on Second street.Mr. and Mrs. ' J. W. Erther,guests of Dr. and Mrs. H. M. Hamilton, at their home on Mt. Airy,have returned to their home in Indianapolis. Mrs. Mary Frazier and daughter, Miss Margaret Frazier, of Louisville, are 'guests of Mrs. BettieBedford and Mrs. Nathan Bayless,Sr., in this city.Dr. and Mrs. Barclay Stephensand three children have arrived fromAlameda, Cali., for a visit to Dr.Stephens parents, Mr. and Mrs. Chas.Stephens, on Stoner avenue.Mr. and Mrs. Kelly P. Moore,who left North iMiddletown about ayear ago, and located in Boston, areguests of Mr, J. W. Mitchell andfamily, at North Middletown. .Messrs Rohert and Roy McCray,the North Middletown horsemen,have returned from the iKnoxville,lenn.,6fair, where they had several oftheir fine saddlers in the entries.Miss Pansy Dean, who has beena frequent visitor to Paris friends,is recovering irom me euecis 01 uoperation which was performed recently at Norton Infirmary, in Louisville. Miss Pinkie Shropshire, whohas been a guest at the home of herbrother, Mr. H. P. Shropshire, inLos Angeles, California, for a year,has returned to Paris, to remainduring the winter.Mr. and Mrs. James Robinson,of Dayton, Ohio, were guests offriends in Paris several days lastweek. Mr. Robinson is a formerresident of Lexington and will bewell-remembered here as a memberof the old Saxton & Trost MilitaryBand, which delighted visitors to theParis Fair many years -ago.Mr. Paul Brannon and EmmetKiser, who have been engaged on thebig ranche of E. F. Spears & Sons, inCanada during the spring and summer, have returned. They are subject to draft and will go to CampZachary Taylor, near Louisville. Theother Bourbon boys will remain onthe Spears ranche until later.Mr. Harry Hite, a former resident of Paris, now living in Cincinnati, spent several days here visitingfriends and relatives. Mr. Hite andMr. Henry McGinley, also formerlyof Paris, are shopmates in a big machine works in Cincinnati. Mr. Hiteis visiting his mother, Mrs. AmandaHite, and his brother, Mr. EdwardHite, in Lexington.(Other Personals on Page 5.)A CORKING "FISH STORY."Mr. Thos. W. Keller, a local employe of. the Louisville & Nashvillerailroad, is known as a good storyteller, and always has. a fund of"good ones" on hand. His long residence in Harrison county has enabledhim to store up an interesting bunchof fish stories, and other, too. Butnow the Cyhthiana Democrat comesto the front with one that will putMr. Keller to a severe test to beat, iThe story is as follows:"Friday last Mr. Holton Richer, ofthis city, one of Cynthiana's crackfisherman, caught a bass that weighed a pound and a half, in South Licking River, a short distance below' theA. Keller dam. While coming acrossthe Lebus land to town with, the fishfan a string) Holton, who was accompanied by Mr. Will Howk, saw astrange-looking object in the fish'smouth. It .'had a tiny head, closedfyes, and tiny ears, with much theappearance of a baby's face. Mr.Richter pulled the object from thefish's mouth, and it was found to bea baby squirrel. It was about aninch and a half long and a littlethicker than a man's finger. Whenthe bass was caught it had a swollenappearance as if filled with eggs.Now, of course, the question is, didthe bass climb a tree and catch thesquirrel or did the squirrel fall froma nest in a tree overhanging theriver?"- f Iftl (iPLENTY OF PROOFFrom People You Know From ParisCitizens.The greatest skeptic can hardly failto be convinced in the face of evidence like this. It is impossible toproduce better proof of merit thanthe testimony of residents of Paris,of people who can be seen at anytime. Read the following case of it:J. Wl Larkin, retired farmer, 431High street, Paris, says: "I am onlytoo glad to recommend Doan s KidneyPills, because I have at times hadquite a bit of trouble with my back.Often I have had a dreadful acheacross my kidneys and the kidney secretions have been too frequent inpassage. A box or so of Doan's Kidney Pills at these times have neverfailed to cure me of an attack."Price 50c. at all dealers. Don'tsimply ask for a kidney remedy getDoan's Kidney Pills the same thatMr. Larkin had. Foster-Milburn Co.,Props., Buffalo, N. Y. (adv)VOTES FOR WOMEN.Dan Bowmar says in the VersaillesSun that the following was told himas having actually taken place at avoting precinct in Fayette county:A negro woman appeared and stated that she desired to vote for Mrs.Faulconer for the Democratic nomination for School Superintendent."Have you ever voted before?"asked one of the officers of election."No, sah, dis is de fust time.""Well, do you promise to supportthe nominee, whoever it is?" '"No, 'deed, I don't; I hab a hardenough time suppo!tin' myself."1 m iOVERDOING A GOOD THING(Washington Star.)Food Director Hoover said at a reception: "We mustn't have too many foodrules. They're a good thing in moderation, but too much of a good thingyou know " fcHe. smiled and shurgged his shoulders.- "Toqmuch of the best, of things isbad. a war pronteer visuea a sculptor and said:4 ""Wjhat!s the very finest statue inthetuniverie?"The 'VenusWMedicir ububtedJythe sculptor; answered. f r''W11;!-Dttt me down for fire doteoVMedicis, then," said the jnillion-aire. 'X want 'm to trim up the frontH II II 4 M I M ! t ' M 1 1 MM I II I II III 1iPRESS AGENT IS AT WORK.(Farm and Family.)Quite a few new stories are goingthe rounds these days concerning anew wheat which will yield fourtimes as much grain per acre as ordinary seed. These news stories explain quite carefully that Luther Burbank, the celebrated plant wizard, isthe originator of this wonderful seedwheat. It might be well to suggestthat no one has yet seen any authorized statement from Luther Burbankmmseir. it Mr. tsuroanK lias reallyproduced such a variety of wheat Itis rather queer that he has not toldthe public about it.It would be well for the farmer totake such stories with a very generous pinch of salt, as many wonderful wheats have been advertised extensively and sold to the unsuspecting farmers at good prices. Many ofthe older farmers will recall Marvelous, Miracle, Wonder and otherwheats which were certain to revolutionize the wheat production of theworld. They will also rememberEgyptian wheat, the original seed ofwhich had been found in the wrappings of munimies deep in the pyramides of the Delta of the Nile. All ofthese much exploited wheats failedand were fakes pure and simple. Ifthe farmer really wishes to ' experiment a little with any of these advertised, four-times-as-prolific wheatlet him sow an acre and then sow allof the remainder of his good land incarefully cleaned common seed wheat.A Kentucky division is carryingflowers to deck the Kaiser's grave.Why not use them to remember hisvictims and strive to forget his memory as quickly as possible? Springftleld (O) Sun.LexingtonHeraldDistinctiveFeaturesThorough service on markets andsports.The only paper completely covering.the Blue Grass.A strong editorial "page.A bureau of information, at Washington, which distributes to Herald readers tree, every week abulletin of' practical value.Daily special letter from Washington. A-Sunday magazine, comparing -favorablywith the similar sectionof any' other American news-Paper. .; , 'Newsubscription rates in effectOctober 15th: .One or two .months, 5c per.month; three months l.0;sixmonths, -$$.50 ;.'! yV $.00fpayable im atvac.?',V4TkeftA Great, Timely Opportunity for Every Woman ! IThe Wool Dress GoodsBargain SaleAt Wolj, Wile & Company'sIt Sounds Improbable and Contrary to the WellKnown Tendency to High Prices. A Statementin Full Accordance with the Facts.Woolen dress materials for men and ladies wear,owing to Government orders given to woolen, manufacturers, the high price of raw wool, the increase in thecost of skilled labor, have been soaring skyward in valuesince the Fall Season of 1915.- It is no exaggeration tostate that woolen materials have advanced averagely 80per cent, but a great many of the most desirable dressmaterials have risen 150 per cent above the cost in theSpring of 1916.This sudden increase in the &ost of these materialshas been discouraging to the retail trade and in conse-,quence woolen goods have not moved in the usual manner, leaving us somewhat heavily stocked in this particular department.We Are Going to Stimulate the Woolen DressGoods Business.We have assembled and are displaying for one weekfrom Monday, October 15th, on a Sales Counter, a collection of woolen dress materials, 48 to 54 inches in width,heavy, medium and light weight weaves, dark, mediusaand evening shades, usable for dresses, suits, coats, skirts,dress waists, evening wraps and party costumes. Theprices up to this day on all these have been .$2.00 to $4.00 nervard. Our offer for one (PI lA? week is, for your choice, per yard tpJL tUConduct of Sale.These offerings consist of single dress suit or skirtlengths, also larger pieces, of which any desirable quantity may be had.Every sale made ' out of ' this collection is absolute,there will be no sending on approval, or returning forexchange, money refunded or credit on account.We anticipate an unprecedented rush for these bargains, therefore the purchases made by our customersmust be unconditional.NO SAMPLES WILL BE CUT.WOLF, WILE fc CO.rLEXINGTON, KY.umiiiiiiiiiMniiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiimmiiimia !The Name Tells a True Story Iisbbbbbbbbbbbi"BbIbbbbVBbBbsIbIHbsIikff BBS IltSSBBB'BT Bsl SHI iBB "SSI W "BbW- BmJBBBnS.BBBo I WsssbU -smI Mm sW ibM'sbV M sW'sWMlBBtslsBlrHfl laBBlBi BBBBBi BBBBVBBBl BBBBm SBBB) BBBBb BBBBh BBBBB BBBBBBm Bp BBWt WsHbT W Pvlpl I VWbbbbbIsW :Superior FeaturesDoubleGrainRun Positive ForceGrain FeedsSow all known seeds, both large and small.Adjustable Disc Wind ShieldsTake up wear. Prevent tiash from catching betweendisc and wheel.Both right and left ground wheels drive all the feeds.Conductor Tube Tops permit connection of grass seedspouts so grass seed can be sown in rows.Reducing Pletes for alfalfa, millet, flax, etc.Angle Steel Frame reinforced with I-Beam Steel Bed Rail.Hoppers of Large Carrying Capacity.Oscillating Drag Bar Heads(Single Disc only) give greatest clearance of trash.Disk Wheel and Sliding PinionFor change of quantity.: Folding Safety Leversv - Take up least room in storing.Two-Part Axle HangersNot necessary to strip txle in case of accidental breakage.Jtav-uS. BALLWAGErVfTPv" HrV' 5"P BBWbBWBSBH bTC....s.Li JEyoo Sowing Mea$frEva Qrwritjrlawn of that elcht-room marbUiHOE.... .If. '$lttPWfi.afe'l&a. . . r-- U .,iamA,"gMv:rf'"rNi&v? ! '"'' --4 ? , . . -.- jC, ' .-Sm. -rf' -.''i;:., - -':;.,-rj."7?1jjUE FOURTHE BOURBON NEWS, PRIS, KY." - ' TUESDAY.OCTOBIHl 16, ig' ft' X1iMHEWS OF WOMEN'S WOEKINTERESTING TO CLUBWOMEN.Wopien! Helpwith the war!America's sonsBuy U. S. Government Bonds in thesecond Liberty Loan of 1917!"Shall we be more tender with ourdollars than with our sons?"The Missionary Society of theMethodist church will meet at 2.30o'clock this (Tuesday) afternoon.The young ladies of the Society willhave charge of the program.All ladies who are willing to givepart of their time towards solicitingsubscriptions to the U. S. GovernmentBonds of the second Liberty Loan,are requested to meet in the RedCross rooms at the court house at 2o'clock Wednesday afternoon, Oct.17th, and every afternoon at thesame hour until Oct. 27, on whichdate th'e subscriptions close. (2t)The regular meeting of the Progressive Culture Club will be heldto-morrow (Wednesday) afternoonat the club rooms, Mrs. PrankO'Neill's, corner of High and Ninthstreets. The subject for study willbe, "The Madonnas" in the art studyseries. The responses will be as follows: Sistine-Madouna of the Chair"(Raphael) Miss Clara Bacon; "Immaculate Conception" (Murillo) Mrs.Tucker; "Holy Night'' (Correggio)Mrs. T, A, Hendricks.Welfare League, and one-half to theBoys in France Tobacco' Fund.The directors of the BourbonWarehouse decided to divide theircommission into thirds, thus makingour home organization share equallyvith the Red Cross and the Boys inFrance.So the women wish to make public recognition of the generosityand consideration of these patrioticgentlemen, and give them thethanks and appreciation they deserve. Tney snouia certainly oe en-MATRIMONIAL..COLLINS COLLINS.way they have begun, and we canonly say with the greatest admira- IHeadquarters, and has been a frelion and enthusiasm, "Wellgentlemen; go do it again."done,The marriage of Mr. Fisher Collins, 25, son of Mr. George Collins,of Paris, and Miss Mary ElizabethCollins, of Headquarers, Nicholascounty, was solemnized at the homeol the officiating minister, Rev.couraged to continue in the splendid ICrates, in Carlisle, Friday. The brideis a daughter of Mr. Jas. Collins, ofED'S NOTE We must remindcontributors to this column that copymust be whitten ON ONE SIDE OFTHE PAPER ONLY. This is imperative, as it it too hard a matter forthe editor and linotype man to follow copy written on both sides ofthe paper. Please remember this!quent visitor in Paris.SPECIAL FOR ONE WEEK.For one week only we will cleanlarge white fur sets for $1.50, anddark colored furs for $1.00.ELECTRIC DRY CLEANING CO.(5-tf)Ri Ifc HiTHE GEORGETOWN GAME.CRUTCHFIELD COLLINS.Eld. W. E. Ellis performed themarriage ceremony Thursday, night athis residence, corner of Main andTenth streets, uniting Miss FreidaCrutchfteld, of Lexington and Mr.Thos. E. Collins,"- of Ludlow. Thecouple came to Paris, Thursday afternooon, and secured license fromCounty Clerk Pearce Paton. Theyleft for Ludlow after the ceremony,where they will reside.of Tampa,to Miss Olive Bartlett,Florida.The date of the wedding had beenset for latter in the fall, but owingto the fact that Capt. Hutchcrafthad been called, to join his companyat Camp Jackson S. C the' date wasadvanced. Capt. Hutchcraft was selected from among a large numberof recruits in the Florida StateGuard, to take charge of the enlistedmen who were to form a part of,th.eFlorida regiment at the Southerntraining camp. 1 4The groom is well-known in news-'' tpaper circles, having been on the Ireportorial staff of the Louis- Jville Courier-Journal, later on withthe Frankfort State Journal.leaving Frankfort, he went to Flor-ida, where he was at once taken on" 1 1 1 u t in n t n 1 1 1 1 it m 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 n t n n n m mFRANK & CO.iAfter . 2SEARS FINNELL.The marriage of Miss RaySears, of Favette coimtv nH MrIshmael Finnell, of near Clinton-1 best wishes to Capt. and Mrs. Hutch-tne Tampa Times, one or tne ieaa-ing Florida dailies. There he."made good." It was while in thej J. n ii. m- j.1 J. 1 ITservice oi tne rimes mat lie was selected to go to Camp Jackson. Thebride is a member of one of the oldFlorida families, and a most charming young woman.Conditional upon receiving a furlough Capt. Hutchcraft and hisbride will come to Paris to spend theThankgiving holidays with his parents and relatives. THE NEWS extends hearty congratulations -and' The Red Cross is undertaking tomake the regulation flannel armyEhirts. These are splendid garments,and are greatly needed by the government, as it is impossible so far toequip the soldiers with the amountof clothing they need. The government pays about 45c for makingeach shirt, and the money raisedThus will be used by the local chapter to help buy blankets for the twoBourbon county nurses with Dr. Barrow's unit, Miss Mary K. Stone and.Miss Minnie RobinsonJh ' -. '""Every now and then in a women'sorganization some woman is heardto complain, "The women have everything to doj what would this church,or this society, or this organization,whatever it happens to be, do withoutthe women? Why don't the men dosomething?"Well, the men have always donesomething, and just recently inParis a something that means muchto the two organizations that willreap the benefit, namely the decisionon the part of the local tobaccowarehouses to share their profitswith the Red Cross and the Healthand Welfare League. The Directorsof the Independent Warehouse votedto give one-fourth of the commissionon the first day's sale to the RedCross, one-fourth to the Health andOn a field better fitted for a mudbattle than for an exhibition of themanly art of football, Paris HighSchool and Georgetown High Schoolengaged in a punting duel, Friday, atGeorgetown, Burnett using his toe togood effect.Owine to sunerior weight of theGeorgetown line, their team rushed,the pigskin for near-touchdowns(near-touchdowns, mark ye,) for assoon as P. H. S. got the ball, Burnettwould punt for good dsitances. Finding line bucks would never land theoval over the goal line, GeorgetOW11Iried a trick play. Under cover ofthis camouflage our opponents carried the ball to within a few yardsof the goal, being forced to yield thedesired pigskin to the Bourbon,county eleven on four downs.However, this gain, was the bigfactor in winning the game forGeorgetown High, (for won it was bythe Scott county lads) since they secured 4 points on a drop kick.Well, (but at the admonition ofMiss Lockhart we strike out the "superfluous well") P. H. S. has goneover the top 3 times and has beendowned as many times. But an oldaxiom is to the effect (as we believe) that you can't monkey withgun powder. So watch, watch apponents, we're headed your way.ville, was solemnized last week atthe home of the bride's sister, Mrs.W. S. Finnell, on the Maysvillepike, near Lexington, the ceremonybeing performed by Rev. I. M.Walker, pastor of the Felix Memolial church in Lexington.The bride is the attractive youngdaughter of Mr. and Mrs. JohnSears, of Muir. The groom is a sonof Mr. and Mrs. John Finnell, ofFayette county.After the ceremony Mr. and Mrs.Finnell left for a short trip, andupon tneir return they will resideon the groom's farm, near Clinton-ville.craft.l KlK. OP P. TO KEEP MEMBERS INGOOD STANDING.At a recent meeting of RathboneLodge, Knights of Pythias, a resolution was adopted to keep all membersin good standing who axe enlisted orwho do enlist in the future in the U.S. Army.Knight P. J. McCord was elected tofill the three-year-term as Trustee, inplace of Knight P. A. Thompson, whois a member of the Officers' ReserveCorps in training at Ft. Benj. Harrison.The Reliable StoreANNOUNCETHEY ARE NOW SHOWINGThe Latest ModesINAUTO SALES REPORTED.The Franklin Motor Car Co., ofLexington, reports the sale of aFranklin touring car to the BourbonGarage & Supply Co., of Paris, forMr. Thomas Buckner. Mr. Bucknerwent to New York for the deliveryof the car and drove through to Parisin it. 'SONS DOTSON.The marriage of Miss Sadie Sons,of Fleming county, and Mr. RobertDotson, of this county, was solemnized at six o'clock Saturday eveningat hte residence of the officiatingminister, Rev. W. E. Ellis, pastor ofthe Paris Christian church.The bride is a former resident ofBourbon county, having . for someyears been teacher of the Bethlehemschool, near Paris, and residing atAusterlitz. She was for a time avalued correspondent for THENEWjS from Austerlitz, and was asocial favofite in her vicinity. Thegroom is a son of Mr. and Mrs.John Dotson, of near North Middletown. He has just returned fromCanada, where he had spent thespring and summer on the biglanche of E. F.. Spears & Sons, ofParis.Rooms. For Rent.Two nicely rurnlshed rooms innome on Eighth street, equippedwith all modern conveniences. CallHome Phone 397. (16-tf)Fall and Winter1 Ready-to-Wear GarmentsFor Ladies, Misses and Children. Serge and Satin Dresses- " 9 "- -xSuits For Ladies and MissesCoats For Ladies, Misses and ChildrenSkirts of All KindsBARTLETT HUTCHCRAFT.Paris relatives and friends of thegroom have received cards announcing the marriage, on September 16,at Clearwater, Florida, of Capt.Davis Hutchcrjaft, son of Mr. andMrs. J. Perry Hutchcraft, of Paris,Home Wanted.Man whose work, has been transferred from Paris to the county,wants to find good' home for his threechildren, one eleven, one nine andon six years old. Apply at' thisoffice for information.Crepe and Georgette WaistsjTobacco Land Wanted.Wanted money rental of 40 or 50acres of good tobacco land within,1 miles of city limits. No barnsneeded. Will pay good price forgood land. Address L. C. L. careBOURBON NEWS, Paris, Ky.FOR SCHOOL GIRLSSEEJACK TAR MIDDIESNEW GINGHAM DRESSESPRICES REASONABLECOME IN AND SEEFRANK C& CO.M ! 4H I H ii4 I 1 1 n n m m mi-V --"-4'Jfir-V fj'The Boys' Store!"American Boy Clothes"Made For the Sturdy American Boy.We invite the boys of Paris and Bourbon county to come in and inspect our excellent line of Boys' Clothes. We've madespecial efforts this season to make thisdepartment the most complete one in town.We bought with care, selecting the very latest styles and patterns, and giving valuesbetter than can be found elsewhere.$5.00 Suits. We are showing the best values in town at this price. Theymake splendid school uits, with single or two pair pants tomateh. Stripes, plaids and fancy mixtures in new models.$7-50 SuitsBelt-all-around models are very popular this season, and. weare showing them in abundance New patterns and colorings. Extra good values at . theprice. Either with single or two pairs pants.73CoH (I1DilfrQ flfillt litilHlfiE3:7 snuins';32K'tifHBf.$8.50, $10.00, $12.50 SuitsSplendid values in popular models and "patterns.": i ! Overcoats and Mackinaws taackihawselAnwhatihe want ' Ii ! and Overcoati. New styles and latest patterns in extra good values $4.UU to $10.00 jHpWALSHI Hak vd SevMlk ONE-PRICE STORE Home.FIGHTWHEN YOOJBUY A U.S.LIBERTY LOAN BONDBuy a Liberty BondLiberty is the foundation of our United States. To preservethat Liberty we are today at war.YatxtSSPVt"611- You must be either FOR orAGAINST the United States. You are FOR this country- t:"" shw your patriotism; show it in a practical way bv BUY-ING A LIBERTY BOND NOW.$50 $100 $500 ... $ 1 ,000OR MOREThey pay 4 per ent tfttefest and are the best stfciirir in tieworld. Every man, Woman and child ought to buy one ormore of these Bonds. - ,x irmer cc iraen Dame . reootei lfek Rmlr XnatMttfBank ,; , Bimkn tUk AT rk",.-"?i,-.mrfr'ttV5-.'!&-'.- '&:'av ' 'JiMLX&5S'-.--f l'iiSfer4jjWKfc.,"V. -; -'-$$&'rW v.. "V 'SV'"$;'v??--vX -'TUESDAY, OCTOBER 16, 1917.THE BQJJRBON NEWS, PARIS, KY.PAoifivm'.?:. y? , -.t..J;-f '4i a-'V -vi :; fi. VtFOR THE BESTNOTHING ELSEFOR SALE.Choice rcclcancdSeed Wheat, Rye andBarley; also TimothySeed, Get our pricesbefore buying.R. B. HUTCHCRAPT & CO.(oct2-6t)i H fS J3 " " MPEACHES TOR PRESERVING.Fine Alberta Freestone Peacheslor preserving at ?2.50 per bushel aslong as they last. Come early.MARGOLEN'S SANITARY MEATMARKET. (It)im Pa fcaAPPELLATE COURT DECISION.SOCIAL AND PERSONAL.Comings and Goings of OurPeople Here, There andElsewhere.In the Court of Appeals at Frankfort, Friday, in the case of theKentucky Traction &' Terminal Co.ts. Whaley, from the Bourbon Circuit Court, an agreement was reached by which the case was dismissedat the appellant's cost.m m mBUYS HANDSOME SEDAN.The Paris Realty Co. purchasedthis week a handsome Inter-stateTouring Sedan. Mr. Mann says thecar will be used exclusively .in hisbusiness to "ride the farmers in,that nothing is too good for hiscountry friends and patrons."fe P2l TSi ir. r. p.feld5s for Fall Fashionable Footwear.(oct5-tf)is isa isFRESH OYSTERS.Fresh Baltimore oysters for stewing and frying, received fresh everyday. We also serve them in all stylesat all hours.(It) JAS. E.., CRAVEN.la is aFINE PEARS TOR PRESERVING.Let us have your order for finepreserving pears this week.(It) C. P. COOK & CO.IS IS ISBACK ON THE JOB.The Hattiesburg (Miss.) Heraldsays:"Sergeant Guy Ledwidge, of Company B, Signal Corps, Lexington,Ky., has been promoted to a firstclass sergeant."Sergeant Arthur N. Keller, ofParis, Ky., also of the Signal company, from Lexington, was discharged from the base hospital Friday, after a weeks' illness from malaria.Sergeant Keller states that heglad to be back on the job."isOUR BOYS' DEPARTMENTIs brimfull of good all-wool suitsand overcoats. You will always findthem dependable $7.50 to $15.J. W. DAVIS & CO.is la ISALE OP NTPPERT; PROPERTY.Attention of our readers is calledto the advertisement on page 8 ofthis issue of the public sale on Nov.3 of the property belonging to theestate of the late Mr. Phil Nippert,Sr. The sale will be made by Mr.Phil Nippert, of Paris, as agent forthe executors of the estate.The property to be sold embracespome of the best locations in the city,and will be a good investment forthe purchaser. Read the advertisement in this issue of THE NEWS.NOTICE TO GAS AND ELECTRICCONSUMERS.' - - r "Owing to the extreme increase inall of our operating expenses it hasbecome imperative that we conserveevery resource if we continue tomaintain our present prices, whichwe hope to be able to do with yourassiit"'---r Therefore, beginning with the billsSent out Nov. 1st, the last discountday will be changed from the 15th ofthe month to the 10th of the monthand service will he discontinued onthe 20th of the month if account isjnot paid by that time.Yours respectfully,"PARIS GAS & ELECTRIC CO.- (Incorporated.)toctl6-2,t)VICTIM OP PARALYSIS.While reading a paper in his roomat the St. Charles Hotel, Sundaynwiit Mr Charles Mitchell wasstricken with paralysis, the strokeaffecting his right side. He fell unconscious to the floor and up to a latehour last night was in the same condition. . ..Mr. Mitchell's relatives in therounty were immediately notified ofhis condition, and are at his bedside.His aged father, Mr. Geo. Mitchell,ot Millersburg, who has been an invalid, confined to his room for overtwo years, was brought here yesterday in an automobile, to be with hisson.PU3LIC RENTING OF THE CLAYFARMING LANDS.Auctioneer M. F. Kenney rentedat the court house door Saturdayfor Frank M. Clay, Trustee for Jos.Clay, his farm in this county, located about one mile from Escondida-,containing 429 acres, to Jones,Webber & Fluty at $13.00 per acre.At the same time and place forJudge H. C. Howard, agent for MissLetltia Clay, fcer farm located on theWimclter and Paris pike, about-five fl from Paris, containingot Iff- acres, ip Wa Vofdford,at 'fir., acre.; ,At tbt same time aad lc for- JiSt ft Clar Ho-ward;. mitUe? f or Gorge Clay, hte farm locatedmm. tfca Barm aad Winchester pike.Mr. Clay Insko and children areguests of Oscar Bonta at TalbottStation.Miss Aimee Woods-has returnedfrom a visit to Mrs. Edward Slattery,in Lexington.Miss Corinne Collins has returned from a visit to Mrs. MinervaGoodwin, in Lexington.' Miss Katherine Davis Craig hasconcluded a visit to Mr. Bailey D.Berry and family, in Lexington.- Miss Dalton, of Lexington, was aweek-end guest of Miss Mabel Robbins at her country home near Little Rock.Mrs. Percy D. Bryan lias returned to her home in Mt. Sterling aftera visit to her sister, Mrs: Robt. Collier, in Paris.. Richmond Register: "Mr. andMrs. John Williams, of Paris, spentone day with Mr. and Mrs. VernonLeer last week."Mrs. W. H. Harris, of Lexington,and niece, Miss Jean Scudder, ofChicago, were guests of friends inthis city Friday.Miss Erna Watson, of Lexington,is a guest of. Miss Carolyn Roseberryat her home on the Cane Ridgepike, near Paris.Mr. and Mrs. J. O. Barnett havearrived from Danville, 111., for a visitto Mrs. Barnett's parents, Mr. andMrs. James V. Earlywine.Mrs. W. A. Johnson was a guestseveral days the past week of MissNannie Barbee, at the homeof Miss-Lillie Missick, in Danville.Mrs. T. J. Mackey and daughterhave returned' to their . home inClarksburg, W. Va.f after a visit toMrs. Jack Woods and family onEighth street.Mrs. Hoffman Wood and MasterGeorge Darsie have returned to Mt.Sterling from a week-end visit toMrs. Wood's father, Mr. H. ClayYv'haley, and family, in this city.Mrs. Clifton Arnsparger, who recently sold her home on Duncan avenue to Mr. and Mrs. I. D. Thompson,vill move this week to Mrs. MaryA. Paton's house on Mt. Airy averue. Mrs. Jos. D. Booth, of Paris, willattend the International Conventionof the Christian church, to be held inKansas. City, Oct. 24-31. Mrs. Boothwill represent the Paris Christianchurch and its societies.The Young Men's Dancing Clubwill give a dance at Vardetfs Hall,on Thursday evening, Oct. 18.Music will be furnished by the Montague Saxophone Trio of Lexington.The hours will be from 8:00 to 2:00.Several members of the Bourbon county contingent from CampZachary Taylor spent Sunday inParis, among them being CaptainMorton Colliver, Merrit J. Slicer,Teddy Shannon, James Cain, Wm.Shingleton, Joe Mitchell and HerbertRing, returning to camp SundayCol. LotD. Young, of Paris,was a guest the past . week of hisarmy comrade, W. E. Knox, nearVersailles. Both attended the recentreunion at the Confederate Home, atPewee Valley, of the Orpahn Brigade.Danville Messenger: "Mrs.Henry L. Casey will leave in a fewweeks for Kansas City, where she willjoin her husband, Dr. H. L. Casey,who left last night on an importantgovernment assignment at thatpoint."Louisville Times: "Mr. andMrs. G. G. Sharrard and son, Mr.Charles Sharrard have returnedfrom a motor trip through the Bluegrass and were the guests of theircousins, Mr. and Mrs. William Cannon, in Paris, Ky."Mr. Mike Atlas, formerly ofParis, who is now assistant ticketagent in the Union Central passenger station in Cincinnati, was acaller at THE NEWS office yester-.day. Mike says Paris still looksgood to him.Dr. William Johnson, who hasbeen a guest of Mr. and Mrs. John J.McClintock, at th?eir home on Duncan avenue, for several days, has returned to his home in Pittsburg, delighted, witli Paris and Bourboncounty people.-Mrs. Ulie J. Howard is seriouslyill at her honie in Covington. Hermother, Mrs. Belle Alexander, andher sister, Mrs.. BUckner Woodford,were called to her bedside Sunday bylong distance messages telling of lierserious condition. Mrs. Howard wasformerly Miss Carrie Alexander, ofParis.Mr. Teddy Shannon, of Paris,nowi member of the artillery branchof the National Army in camp atCamp Zachary Taylor, near Louisville, writes as follows to THENEWS: "We are surely all glad to getTHE NEWS twice-a-week, and all ofus enjoy it very much. I think everyfellow from Paris and Bourboncounty reads it from the first pageto the last. We have lots of fun incamp, also of hard work. Regards toall."The annual Kentucky-Vander-biltdance will be given in the ballroom of the Phoenix Hotel, at Lexington, on the evening of Friday,Oct. 19. A large out-of-town gathering is expected on" account of theannual football game between Vanuerbilt and Kentucky on the day following. C. E. McCormick and J. C.Bosworth are the committee. Amongthe chaperones will be Mr. and Mrs.C. A: Webber'and Mr. and Mrs. J. C.Bosworth. of Paris. Smith's Saxophone Sextette will furnish themusic.Mrs. Samuel 'J. Shackleford, ofFrankfort, State Regent of theDaughters of the American Revolution, has selected Miss Anna Grayot,of Frankfort, as her personal pagefor the annual meeting, which is tobe held .at Ft Thomas, October 24.Miss Grayot-jB a. charmingly attractive girt, th.e daughter of Mr. ,andUrs..Wm. IT- XJrayot of Frankfort,and tke eemi3imenthas been mostWOIXnilj DBMJWa. 4 jau wjui usbeen a prominent" factor "in the .sociallife of the capital city, and has .'oftenattended soda! hmctlcms in thisSTOCK, CROP, ETC.Mr. Wm. H. .Whaley, of Paris,bought at different times the pastweek of Nicholas county dealers seventeen head of general purpose horsesat prices ranging from $50 to $140per head.Mr. Arthur B. Hancock, of Paris,v,as the third largest money winningowner at the recent successful racemeeting at Douglas Park, near Lou-,jsville. MV. Hancock's horses won$2,185, and were surpassed only bythose of Jefferson Livingston, whichwon $3,729, and John W. Schorr,$3,337.Mr. Amos Turney, of near Paris,sold to Mr. Richard Wills, of Paris,a Percheron mare for $165. Mr. WillsfcrnorVi'f o-iv lionl r$ rmryAvrkl TlirTn3iVhorses from Bath county dealers atprices ranging from $110 to $120bach. He sold nine driving maresand seven mules to a Southern California buyer.13. 153 1E3PEARS FOR PRESERVING.,The best Keifer Pears for preserving you ever saw, at the low pricethis week of $1.50 per bushel.MARGOLEN'S SANITARY MEATMARKET. (It)J9l Hi JttNEW RESTAURANT.A new restaurant has been opened in the business house near theFrankfort & Cincinnati railroadcrossing on South Main street, latelyvacated by the Jas. Batterton IceCream Wiorks. The proprietress isMrs. L. H. Mulfinger, of Paris, wholias had a large experience in therestaurant business.1 ADVANCE FALL APPAREL. SuitsWaistsMillinery-- it.J. . T.M.tl EATON SnICHLANDLINENTFyou can't fight write and' writeoften to your friends who are serving our Country.Every letter you write to some soldierboy, helps to hearten him for the dangerous work ahead.The cheerful letter from home meansmuch to the man in camp or at thefront. It brings him news of those leftbehind and helps to break the monotonyof long, weary hours of duty.We can supply you with attractivepatriotic stationery. The new Highland Linen-Olive Drab writingpaper is especially appropriate foryour letters to those serving UncleSam.Brooks & Snapp- Drug Company'.'The Peiular Stoce"NOW DISPLAYING A COMPLETE LINE OF THENEWEST FALL HATSIn smartest styles of Silk Plush, Velour, 'Zibeline PlusK and Velvet. -Autumn SuitsIn Velour, Broadcloth, Burilla and Poplins, displaying the "' 4smartest of style features. Most moderately priced -v$20.00 to $75.00Autumn Coats. Plush, Silk Velour, Burilla and Broadcloth, in the"fashion!slatest decree as to style and color ' '$10.00 to $75.00Autumn DressesIn Serges and Silks. The styles are most charming inmany new colors and materials; moderate in price. Theyare the leading garments of the season$5.00 to $40.00 .Autumn WaistsIn Georgette, Crepe de Chene, Plain and Fancy Styles.Displaying the newest styls features$2.98 to $15.00' 'A"SUMMER WASH SKIRTS SPECIAL!Smart, Pretty Styles in Fancy Materials, Prices from $5.M to $12.5f,AT HALF PRICE !HARRY SIMONOne Price To AllmTOT WORCARBONLUMPSJUNKN'km4yrSPi AECONOMIZE!You cannot afford to use carbon electric lamps, when theyconsumevthree times the currentfor the same light- even thoughfree.USEMAZDATUNGSTBbLAMPS10, 15, 25 and 40-Watt 27c60-Watt'.: ...36cJoin Our McDougallIII H II w II !! II I1 I I I II K 'llll'll$1We Have Only a Few Places Left Iand $1.00 Per WeekPuts One In Your Home$i75-Watt NitrogenFilled65c100-Watt NitrogenFilled.I:Si.ooDaughertyBros.And you get thebest Kitchen Cabinet made when yonget theMcDougallAnd the McDougallisthe only KitchenCabinetjmade thathas theAUTODISAPPEARINGFRONTPlacesLeft!Just a FewJoin the Club To-day!- - r "Mmmbm mdmm mt mmmmmmimmm mm bmbm mm BMMaMMMaMiMMaaaWftMOT0R HEARSEMOTOR INVALID CO-mm-4i.MN 4v'7 J ' ' iv Vi . f T1 w'' "r "W- ' "-t44 : a "- VfA I--rTHE BOURBON NEWS, PARIS KY. -" ---., . tuesdat,octobbr it. 'iji7ft' , -, " v 'iUJKHVEJONUTESINOINDIGESTION. GAS ORSOUR ACED STOMACHTheMoment "Paue's Dlaneusin"Reaches the Stomach AllDistress Goes.EVENINGGOWNS"Really does" put upset stomach inorder "really does" overcome indigestion, dyspepsia, gas, heartburnand sourness due to acid fermentation in five minutes that just thatmakes Pape's Diapepsin the largest selling stomach antacid and regulator in the world. If what you eatferments and turns sour, you belchgas and eructate undigested food orwater; head is dizzy and aches:breath foul; tongue coated; your insides filled with indigestible waste,remember the ;moment "Pape's Diapepsin" comes in contact with thestomach all such distress vanishes.It's truly astonishing almost marvelous, and the joy is its harmless' ness.A large fifty-cent case of Pape'sDiapepsin is worth its weight in goldto 'men and women who can't gettheir stomachs regulated. It belongsIn your home should always be kepthandy in case of a sick, upset stomach during the day or at night. It'sthe quickest, surest antacid for thestomach in the world. (adv)IQi te TEiACCEPT THE REIGNOF SrMPLICITYTackling Dummy at Opening Practiceof Freshmen Football Squad at HarvardMILADY'SSUPPERSUIT.FOLLOWSHOWSUCCESS AT 25DIFFER.AND 50A woman writes to the AmericanMagazine and says, in the Octoberissue:"Success at twenty-five and success at fifty make different demands.In a few months I am going to marrya man I met in college, a sanitaryengineer, now with a State Board ofHealth. His salary is just' twelvehundred dollars a year, yet thatmeans happiness to us. At twentyjlve he has three degrees, and thefact that he was chosen for thiswork means the beginning of successto us, too. It is enough to live onwhile he is proving' his theories ofpublic health, and it gives him an opportunity for original work. But iffive years from now he has the samesalary (only he will not!) and hiswork has not been recognized, wewill not think of twelve hundred dollars in the same way."CHAMBERLAIN'S COUGH REMEDYTHE MOST RELIABLE.After many years' experience inthe use of it 'and other medicines,there are many who prefer Chamberlain's to any other. Mrs. A. C. Kirstein, Greenville, Ills., writes: "Chamberlain's Cough Remedy has been,used in my mother's home and minefor years, and we always found it aquick cure for colds and bronchialtroubles. We find it to be the mostreliable cough medicine we haveused."(adv-oct)WAR SERVICE COMMITTEESASKED IN ALL INDUSTRIESA general call on American business to form war service committeesJtjEL every branch of iadjistry to co' operate with the government hasheen.made by the Chamber of Commerce ol ' the United States. Thecommittees will absorb the functionsofcythe Industries Committees of theCouncil of National Defense.JThe war service committees willdeal directly with the defense council's War Industry Board jiow investigating government purchases.They will assist in apportioning government orders and will aid in determining priority matters.MRS. SMITH RECOMMENDS CHAMBERLAIN'S TABLETS."I have had more or less stomachtrouble for eight or ten years," writellrs. G. H. Smith, Brewerton, N. Y."When, suffering from attacks of indigestion and heaviness after eating,one or two of Chamberlain's Tabletshave always relieved me. I have alsofound them a pleasant laxative."These tablets tone up the stomachand enable it to perform its functionsnaturally. If you are troubled withindigestion give them a trial, get welland stay well.(adv-oct)55r flpJB. NEW YORK, Oct. 11,.Tne question of evening dress, the"to be or not to be" of the decollete,seems to have been decided. The optimistic spirit of America has prevailed, and while there is not thesame gorgeous display as in the past,evening clothes are worn, and rarelybeautiful ones at that. The President of the United States paid a visitto New York not long ago, and, together with Mrs. Wilson, passed an.evening at one of the most enjoyable plays of the season. Of course,the house was wildly enthusiastic; itwas some time before the play couldbegin, and even then the audiencepaid more attention to the officialbox-party than to the play.J&T"2ffifil' J . McCALIij. -t wn m iwi mmfBllmmntrTMt i ' & -dESS- Vl.x;9BggramgssiSksSfA-i-: EmRTSSKsSjirmimw?aKSi " sar3iUa; irTTMlTirfrTcTTmirTrTBri ITT TrniTTT rD" THWiTir TTTIlHTHIlBr. T" v K373B1By IM"rttl,'iM,i 'i ""Li' "Mi " - - - . iiiimmiiiLii Jr t111"""-" iffcCS-Jiiii 'IcPKAlthough football probably will not be as popalar a sport this year as in thepast at many of the universities of the United States, Harvard freshmen havealready begun practice m contemplation of an active season. A squad of- menhas been learning the rudiments of (the game under the expert instruction offormer stars of the gridiron for thepast fortnight, and there is every prospectthat a fast and powerful team will be developed. The accompanying pictureshows the men tackling the dummy. The art of tackling is one of the firstthings a prospective player must master, for the opposing player with the ballmust be downed, and the only legitimate way to get him there is by tacklinghim. The Harvard freshmen have many important contests to play this season.tie-on waist and the shaped tunic arcof champagne-colored taffeta, and thelace of the rest of the dress is creamcolored. One unusual feature is thesleeve-puff of lace bound in the taffeta. Airv Pairy AccessoriesAll the glow and glitter of thetime o' day when fireflies and otherlights are bright are contained in theaccessories for the evening costume.There are scarfs dripping with scin-.Little touches thatMice alike differenceLtim "TTihi Jb QrAa' ! fallmm C tuto mm. g. mmr Mhi:Houe & GardenaJnt MMkB Umb inn eridmmzuzmmrimmr wr. xmILM tawM te tkkI SAT 7la mi ! r tr-ICjM kwM tm. tmm imMii 1r IpdaiOgw Si far$l,. TSfcSyLh wyoPa t..M..;........;4eMi '', VmmmmmmmsmSBssaA 'Victory on Empire lanesMrs. WJlson was very simply dressed, but she seemed immensely interested, in bustle dresses on the stageand the costumes scattered everywhere over the house.Picturesque, indeed, are the compromises effected by fashion. Thedresses are in the same wonderfultints and colors that have alwaysbeen favorites perhaps though a triflesubdued. Some are high in the back,square or round in front, with longsleeves of tulle or very short ones ofthe same material as the bodice orthe oversMrt. The waist that is cutstraight across from shoulder to'shoulder. is very popular this year,for it gives the effect of a higherneck.Simplicity and Lack of TrimmingThere is very little trimming onthe new models. They seem to relyto a great extent on their line andcolor, and charming indeed is the result. One of the most attractive ofthe new modes in evening gowns isillustrated here. It is of rose-coloredsatin, bodice and skirt, with a filmyoverskirt of tunic of soft mist-graychiffon, stitched on the lower edgewith, rose-colored silk in the long,loose stitch which makes such a fas-cinating trimming. The' collar andthe short sleeves of the chiffon arestitched in the same manner.Good Taste in SlippersJust a word here about the slippersfor evening, and the difference between those in good taste and thosethat are just a trifle too ornate andovertrimmed. Life has invented anew word, the verb "to hoove,"meaning to conserve, and it is nowbeing widely used. One must"hove" one's food, of course, andequally, of course, one must "hoove"one's trimmings on every article ofone's dress. Slippers tnat are goodfnrm are verv nlain. indeed. Thelong vamp is still with us; heels donot seem to be quite so high as formerly, for they, too, have been"hoove" one's food, of course, andthe dress, is the first choice. Alhinestone buckle placed high on theslipper is very fashionable. Then oneof the latest ideas in slipper decoration is a tiny bow or satin, a singlebow of ribbon a quarter of an inchwide, perhaps. Many of the fallhrides have chosen this for their wedding slippers. It gives the foot thelong, narrow effect that Is .so distinctive. Slippers of brocadeVof metalcloth, 'or of combinations of ilainand figured materials are worn onlyon the most formal occasions, inIee3, "theall-black-or-all-white slipperls aWiyfPpropriate-andn goodtaste. ' StScTfltfgsv-.taUBtr; o , course,match the costume and the slipper.Pathions That HatterEvery woman, no matter what heraee. size or coloring, has a secretthrill and new hope each time shebuys or plans a frock. Perhaps, now,she will attain that degree of perfection which she desires, and with theaid of the Fairy New Dress, show tothe world- that 'she is vr young andfair! With care and dep consideration she can do this, for there arcfaahiotts'tlukt flatter, ,faifeions tmmtcreate around one "-the atmosphere ofebarm and remanee. The turplfaiestyle Is one of these, aad the eveningdress illustrate here shows a - rarecombUatioo of aeaaty aad style. TheGOODRICH EXPERT TELLS OFRUBBER SHORTAGE INGERMANY.The only automobile in Germanyrunning on pneumatic tires is Kaiser !Wilhelm's. Even the Crown Princeis denied this luxury. Along with 'Von Hindenburg, Ludendorff, Von'Mackensen and the other diadems inthe German crown, the Crown Princebumps along to the front on tiresfilled with rags, compressed cork andpaper.These observations form but a small,part of the anthology of facts gathered by Victor Van der Linde, specialtechnical representative of the B. P.Goodrich JRubber Company of Akron,who just returned from Europe afterlong study 'of 'tire conditions abroad, iIn sonie countries tires are not to hehad at all, except at a fabulous pricearid only after a dozen or two higheovernment officials have had one on.the witness stand for weeks, literallyspeaking; gasoline is worth morethan champaigne and is obtainableonly with government consent, andnine-tenths of the automobiles areTiot running.HOW'S THIS?McCalxThe Charm of Lace and Taffetafiliating beads, combs and fans onfire with flashing lights, rhinestonebuckles on slippers, and preciousjewels on white hands and arms.There is not the overloading of fingers with rings nor the many chainsand neck ornaments os formerly.This"year the woman of good tasteprefers one perfect thing, be it ring,brooch or bracelet, to the dozen ofsmall- odds and ends of yester year.All of which goes to make up theoverwhelming beauty of any gathering where fashion and patriotismwork hand in hand.LIFT YOUR CORNS'OFF WITH FINGERS.We offer One Hundred Dollars Reward for any case of Catarrh thatcannot be cured by Hall's CatarrhMedicine.Hall's Catarrh Medicine has beentaken by catarrh sufferers for thepast thirty-five years, and has be-come known as the most reliableremedy for Catarrh. Hall's CatarrhMedicines acts through the blood on.the mucous surfaces, expelling thepoison from the blood and neaung tnediseased portions.After you have taken Hall's Catarrh Medicine for a short time youwill see a great improvement in yourgeneral health. Start taking Hall'sCatarrh Medicine at once and get ridt)f catarrh. Send for testimonials,P. J. CHENEY & CO.,Toledo, Ohio.Sold by all Druggists, 75c.(adv-oct)There is some kind of slogan ringing in Kentucky that goes like this:"Kentucky Melons for Kentucklans."Wpuld anybody else eat them?Houston. Post.T. W. SP1CERNatural Gas Fitting: Plumbing and Heating,A Full Line of Gas Stoves andRangesPut in Your Stoves Now Before the Fall RishMain Street, Opposite Court HouseBOTHJPHONES,Your TelephoneA Money Maker!If busy farmers, who are selling their stock and produce at good prices, were to be deprived of their telephone, they would readily place the value of the instrument at anywhere from $5.00 to $35.00 a day.You will find the secret of the prosperous farmer'ssuccesss lies in his prompt telephone communication withthe local and city markets.Our new Directory will go to press soon and it is ourendeavor to supply you continuously good telephone service day aad night. Our rates are reasonable.Paris Nome Telephone & Telegraph Co.(Imcorioratd)J. J. VEATCH,District Manager.W.H.CAHHO,Local Hanger.The Bourbon LaundryDWIS & FUNK, Props.Telephone No. 4. West 5 StreetSatisfactionWitchwiird'is OarWith all the latest improvements in laundryappliances and experthelpers we are preparedto do work inferior tonone, and" solicit yourpatronage. .Bourbon Laundry,Paris Kentucky.Tells How to Loosen a Tender Corn. or Callous So It Lifts OutWithout Pain.You reckless men and women whoare pestered with corns and who haveat least one a week invited an awfuldeath from lockjaw or blood poisonare now told by a Cincinnati authority to use a drug called Freezone,which the moment a few drops areapplied to any corn or callous thesoreness is relieved and soon the entire corn or callous, root and all, liftsoff with 'the fingers.Freezone dries the moment it is applied, 'and simply" shrivels the cornor callouswtthou inflaming or evenirritating thV'surrOunding tissue orstin." A small 'bottle of Freezone willcbst" verylittle at any drug store,6ut7"vrtnZP6sitively rid one's feet ofevery "Hard 'of sdlt corn or hardenedcallous. If your druggist hasn't anyFreezone he can get it at any wholesale drug house for you. (adv)REALECONOMY- - ' r . -Means Buy Your Winter Supplyof Necessary Clothing Now.m m mA Kentucky 'man advertises for awife who doesn't chew or smoke.At that rate he'll have to search outside of his own State for her.Bridgeport Post.mm vS in thVpjrs,that,Kentuckian8are now pickling; corn. , A sort of50-50, arrangement," a it were, so toapeak. Maoon Tel rank.- v IThKUuckianB ar now'picklinjrcorn and incidentally tht corn to atoopicking- tlur KtstapkiAfta. mwvrmwi qiftie. .When the time comet for ut to replenish our stockprices will be greatly " advanced. Present r prices onMen's and Boys Suits, rOVercoats, Underwear, Shoes,Etc., are very reasonable at our:store.LET IJS HELP .YOU SAVE !,i&s$fcr;mrjnrvw'lin iBwiiiWi iiiirJ 9Hm MNMilSiSjIsWSltoSM,- v.-7"",-Vmsrsrf'll&&&&t, h"1 v Tf2&.r..afc.fc.-.h1-&T,fBsstmmmmUL'X IJ' IMi'J-rtl':' jol '-jBb.nT. t."' 3 'ti -i'.'.'t " - ., fV , ", .A.xt ! ? yV1" "-S ' vTUESDAY, OCTOBER 16, 117. .HE BOURBON NEWS, PARIS, JHWi N" ,(M. 9i1WHAT SHE WANTED....ANDMOUU LOOK fclCXCOLOUS GOtffcTI f MEH'S" ( TO THE R16VH;THBNTO WE STORE W W5T BSWM. HWSly THENf IM-N HELLO OOCA. ) f I'M, VJOfcWN HOMO STT2ANGE- f linn rvudY 3iWHW BRINGS k- ttT TH MEN'S" I WW TO SET ) I uSa ujSr "1 P.S.-'WESElJDS'WEEfc N TOlof ( VJEU. GOOD-BME" DEWS ) 1 SUCH 1Pi2iWWHENHEhSKHMU0S0N SOE, KfcQUN'ftN' SEFJ WlJLJ, CROSSED THE DElEWftBE E FVMLH A-eB ES1SLLE!1 HMEHOURS lATE'....WHATPHILADELPHIA CORPOEATIONWILL BUILD SHELBY-VILLE LINE.L. G. Smith, vice president of theShelbyville & Frankfort Realty Company, has received a letter from P. C.Philipp, of Philadelphia, advising hehad succeeded in completing the organization of a corporation to construct the Shelbyville-Frankfort interurban line under the terms of thecontract executed several days agoby him with the members of the re-1slty company.Under the contract entered into between Mr. Philipp and the Shelbyville & Frankfort Realty Company,vork of the actual construction ofthe line is to begin by not later thanMarch 1, 1918, and must be fullycompleted, equipped and in operation by January 1, 1920. Mr. Philipp stated he would return next week10 close the final plans.When completed the new interur"ban line will parallel the State pikemidway between the Louisville &Nashville Railway Company tracksand the right of way of the LouisvilleSouthern Railway Company. Thenew traction line will connect atShelbyville with the Louisville & Interurban Company and at Frankfort"with the Bluegrass Traction Company. m fe ISTHE MOTIVE POWER.What is it keeps us at our toil andmakes us dig and strain and moil,-work hard by day and think atjaightof things undone or not done right?What is it holds us in the mill, andgrinds and grinds on us until we'recracked and broke and crushed upfine? Why, it's those kids of yoursand mine.Why is it that we wear old shoes,and eat coarse grub, and have the"blues when we see rainy days ahead?Why is it that for things we've said5?Sentry, in Bold Silhouette Against nDarkening Sky, Stands Guard at Camp111 '' ll " '"tmmm lllW'lf- IWII !!! J- - ,I ' .- -MMWMMWMMMUMMMM4MMSo.When the shadows of night creep over the hills, the soldier begins toeeJ the inspiring responsibility of his duty. Darkness brings its own dangers, and the "AU Weill" of the sentry has deeper meaning. This striking?tctHre snapped at nightfall shows an outpost at encampment "somewherein the United States.' ,He is1 patroling near a company-street, -where the-shWW re -preparing .for "taps" andigKts out." The-scene i typical ofmany cpmNMr thii tfrae. The picture has been ceMored and passed byrJe Opitmmmi ?Kttc IftfoawM. . - - V - u i ,HE GOT!fe6gcfwTor done we fret and grieve; and thenresolve that we'll be better men, restrain our tempers, cease to cuss, andhave the world look up to us? Whyit's because two kids, or three, arefastened on to you and me.Who is it gives us strength tostrive, and makes us glad that we'realive, and when we fail inspires usthen to set ourselves and ery again?Who is it keeps us young at heartand makes us feel ourselves a partof all life's hopes and joys, and"brings us dreams of better days andthins? Who still, when skies srrowdark above, by word or look of faithor love, can flood our souls withbright sunshine? Why, those samekids of yours and mine. B. E. Miller, in Southern Agriculturist.fe Pa PaLOOKING BACKWARD.(Hopkinsville New Era)When Judge Bill Yost was here theother day somebody recalled an amusing' incident of the examining trialin the noted Coffee murder casef inv.-hich the Madisonville attorney figured as one of the laweys for the defense. A large number of striking minershad been haled before the court, andJudge Polk Caniser was presiding.After the evidence was in, the defense insisted on peremptory instructions. "No," ,said his honor, "I think I'lljust hold 'em all over."Judg"e Yost sprang to his feet. ."I demand," he shouted, "to knowthe charge. What possible legal reason have you, sir, to deprive thesemen of their liberty?""Well, as accessories to generalrunning around," explained JudgeCansler. '"Great God!" ejacuated the lawyer,glowering down on the bench fromIds giant height. "What chance,then, would a hound dog have in thisjurisdiction?X,Farms For SaleIn Henry and Shelby Counties C W. Bruce, RealEstate Agent, New Castle,Ky., Office Over Bank.No. 1 234 acres four miles fromNew Castle, in Henry County,on good pike, has five roomdwelling, two tenant houses,two large barns, fencing andother improvements reasonably good, in good neighborhood, good, strong land, abargain. Price, $75.00 peracre.No. 2 160 acres, 31! miles fromNew Castle, in Henry County,on good pike, has a six-roomdwelling, tenant house, newtobacco barn, 1 combinedbarn, fencing and. other improvements good. This isgood strong land, in a goodneighborhood; appearance ofplace rather sightly. Price,?110.00 per acre.No. 3 242 acres, four miles fromNew Castle, in Henry County,on good pike, in a splendidfnrTninP' KPpHrm svnrt noief'h'hnr-)hood,- has a good two-storyeight-room dwelling, twolarge barns, fencing and otherimprovements good; land in ahigh state of cultivation, plenty tobacco land that is good.Price, $125.00 per acre.No. 4 113 acres, four miles fromNew Castle in HenryCounty, on good pike, in splendid farming community, has asix-room dwelling, tenanthouse, large barn. This isgood, strong land for tobaccoand corn. Price, $110.00 peracre.No. 5 133 acres l1 miles from NewCastle, in Henry County, onmain pike, splendidly located,has a' seven-room dwelling,two good barns, fencing andother improvements good.This is good, strong land, verydesirable as to land and location. Price, $110.00 per acre.No. 6 127 acres 1 miles from Eminence, in Henry County, ona good pike, l1! miles fromrailroad, splendid location andneighborhood; has a modernseven-room dwelling, tenanthouse, two barns, other improvements good, land good,very desirable farm. Price,$140.00 per acre.No. 7 113 acres, two miles from Eminence, in Henry County, ongood pike, y2 mile from railroad, in a good farming section and neighborhood; has atwo-story dwelling, sevenrooms, tenant house, twobarns. This is one of the bestfarms in Henry County, in ahigh state of cultivation, firstclass land, the best of carehas been taken of this farm.Price, $152.50 per acre.No. 8 157 acres, two miles from Eminence, in Henry County, ongood pike; has a six-roomdwelling, tenant house, onelarge barn. This farm is suitable for a stock or dairy farm,not strong tobacco land. Price,$100.00 per acre.No. 9 62 acres, four miles from Eminence, in Henry County, ongood pike in good neighborhood, has a seven-room, twostory dwelling, one born, other improvements first-class, asplendid little farm. Price,' $130.00 per acre.No. 10 145 acres, two miles fromEminence and two miles fromNew Castle, in Henry County,on a splendid pike; has a twostory new dwelling, eightrooms, tenant house, twobarns, fencing good, very desirably located and goodstrong land. Price, $150.00per acre.No. 11 265 acres, 4 miles fromNew Castle and 2 milesfrom railroad, on good pike,in good neighborhood, has a2-story eight-room dwelling,tenant house, one large combined barn, fencing and otherimprovements reasonably goodThis land grows good tobaccoand corn, a good farm for themoney. Price, $85.00 per acre.No. 12 165 acres, one mile fromNew Castle, in Henry County,on good pike, in good neighborhood, has a seven-roombrick dwelling, two barns,other improvements reasonably good. This land producesgood toba'ceo and corn, asplendid farm for this money;belongs to heirs that do notlive here now. Will be sold ata bargain. Price, $75.00 peracre.No. 13 259 acres, four miles f rom lNew Castle, in Henry County,and two miles from railroad,on good pike; has a two-storyframe dwelling, eight-rooms,tenant house, two barns otherimprovements good. This landproduces good, not the strongest. Owner drafted in army,leaves soon; for sale if soldsoon. Price, $80.00 per acre.No. 14 105 acres, three miles fromEminence, in Henry County,on good pike and community;has a new five-room dwelling,new barn, good fencing, agood little farm, good land.Price, $12,000.00.No. 15 150 acres, four miles fromNew Castle, in Henry County,on good pike, y2 mile of dirtroad to main pike, has a twostory eight-room dwelling, twobarns, other improvementsgood; rather a sightly place,not the strongest land, butproduces good crops. Price,1 $73.50 per-acre.No'.mU 80acree, mile of' 'Newr - Castle, in HeuryCouuty, Qiijv -v dwelliMr,two barns fencfii',' jmq oiaer. approremc8 goocr,very desirably located, a goodlittle farm. Price, $7,500.00.No. 17 48 acres, one mile from NewCastle, in Henry County, hasa four-room cottage, one barn,good fencing. This land isgood, strong land, in splendidfarming section. Price, $100per acre.No. 18 !-90 acres, five miles from NewCastle, in Henry County, onpike; has tenant house, onebarn, other improvementsonly fair, some of the land alittle tired, lots of locust posts,some medium size timber, 30acres to be cleared up, goodproducing land. Price, $55.00per acre.No. 19 59 acres, 3 miles fromNew Castle, in Henry County,on good pike, in good neighborhood, has a six-room dwelling, new, one barn, reasonably good fences, not thestrongest tobacco land. Price,$4,250.00.No. 20 110 acres, one mile of Campbellsville and one mile of railroad, in Henry County, on agood "pike, in splendid neighborhood, has a seven-roomdwelling, tenant house, twobarns, other improvements,good, first-class land, in goodstate of cultivation. Price,$110.00 per acre.No. 21325 acres, mile of Eminence, in Henry County, onsplendid pike, has no maindwelling, two tenant houses,three splendid barns, wellfenced, owner lives, in town.This is a good investment; onIt. & N. railroad; this is notthe strongest land; gf owsgood stuff. Price, $105.00 peracre.No. 22 400 acres, three miles fromEminence, in Henry County,on good pike, has a two-storyeight-room dwelling, tenanthouse, three new barns. Thisis not first-class tobacco land,but produces good. Price,$85.00 per acre. There is 185acres that joins this farm thatcan be bought for a littlemore money per acre' if purchaser wants more land.No, 23 175 acres, IY2 miles fromSimpsonville, in Shelby County, has a four-room dwelling,two barns, 1 miles fromelectric railway and IY2miles of L. & N. railroad.Party that owns has other business, has a dairy herd onfarm which is for sale, alsogrowing crops. Any one interested could do no betterthan investigate into thisproposition. There issome timber on this farm.Price, $15,000.00.No. 24 537 acres, and 100 acresjust across road on good pike,four miles from New Castle, inHenry County, in good neighborhood, and in a first-classfarming section, has a tenroom, two-story dwelling, fivetenant houses, six tobaccobarns, two feed barns, fencinggood. This is good strongland, in good state of cultivation, rather a sightly place.Price, $140.00 per acre.No. 25 400 to 700 acres, 2 milesof Eminence, three miles ofPleasureville, in Henry County, has a nine-room dwelling,two stories, tenant houses,nice.barns, under good fences,very desirable as to richnessof soil and in the best offarming community, no betterin Henry and Shelby counties.Price, $160.00 per acre.No. 26 212 acres, 2 miles, fromNew Castle, in Henry County,on good main pike; has a twostory eight-room dwelling, twotenant houses, three barns,fencing and other improvements good, in splendidneighborhood and farming' section, a very desirable andsightly place, good, strongland. Price, $140.00 per acre.No. 27 185 acres, 4 miles fromEminence and eight milesfrom Shelbyville, in ShelbyCounty, on good pike, in asplendid neighborhood, has anine-room two-story dwelling,two tenant houses, two barns,fencing' and other improvements good. This is good,strong land, and in a splendidfarming section. Price $140.00per acre.No.28 208 acres, one mile tromNew Castle and three milesfrom Eminence, in HenryCounty, on a splendid pikeand very desirably located,has an eight-room brick dwelling, tenant house, two tobaccobarns, fencing and other improvements good. This farmis first-class, strong land.Price, ?150.00 per acre.No. 29 185 acres, V2 mile from NewCastle, in Henry County, ongood pike, has a new sevenroom, two-story dwelling, tenant house, two barns, fencingand other improvements good.This is a good producing farm,prnws tonacco ana cum. mccorn now growing will make11 to 12 barrels this year peracre; very desirably located.Price, $125.00 per acre.No. 30 267 acres, five miles fromNew Castle, in Henry County,on good pike, farm is Vz mileon a cross pike from mainpike, has a seven-room dwelling, two tenant houses, threegood barns, under good fenc' ing. This farm has had thebest care taken of same; in ahigh state of cultivation, veryfew better, in splendid farming community. The man thatgrabs this one will never regret it. Price, $110.00 per acreNo. 31 Sold.No. 32 124 acres, one mile froma pipnsnrfiville. in Henry County, on good pike, and on rail-:road; has a two-story, eigntroom dwelling' tenant house,large barn, fencing good. Thisfarm is good, strong land insplendid farming section.-Price, $135.00 per. acre.No. 3383 acres, one mile'from Eminence, .in, Henry County, onroodudkc.Jias a-. wea-rooni'lliriliJt; Unaat ftpuM,.. twobarns, good appls orchard,other iiirjjvo-e "nents good.This is a good little farm' welllocated. -Price, $140.00 pera,cre.No. 34 82 acres, iy2 miles from Eminence, in Henry County, ongood pike; has a seven-roomnew dwelling, servant house,one ham, fencing and otherimprovements good, a good little farm. Price, $10,000.00.No.35 276 acres, one mile fromBuckner's Station, close torailroad and electric line, ongood pike, has a two-story,nine-room dwelling, tenanthouse, one large barn and onesmall barn, leod fencing andsome timber; good propositionfor the money; located good,only about fifteen miles fromLouisville. . Price, $75.00 peracre.No. 36 187 acres, l1 miles fromEminence, Kyi, in ShelbyCounty; on splendid pike, hasan eight-room brick dwelling,servant house, two barns,fencing and other improvements good, splendidly located. This is good strong landin splendid state of cultivation. Price, $175.00 per acre.No. 37 218 acres, 1 miles fromEminence, in Henry County,on a splendid pike; has amodern ten - room framedwelling, servant house,tenant house, threebarns, fencing and other improvements good. This is agood farm, a very attractiveplace and very desirably located. Price, $30,000.00.No. 38 107 acres, m. miles fromNew Castle, in Henry County,on good pike; has a sevenroom, two-story dwelling, tenant house, one large combinedbarn, fencing good, and otherimprovements good. This farmis in a good state of cultivation and is well located.Price, $100.00 per acre.No. 39 208 acres, mile from NewCastle, in Henry County, onsnlendid tiike: has an eieht-iroom brick house, three barnsand silo, fencing and otherimprovements good. Thisfarm is in a good state of cultivation, good land, very desirably located. Price, $150.00per acre.No. 40 96 acres, four miles fromNew Castle, Henry County, onpike; has a seven-room framedwelling, tenant house, twobarns, fencing and other improvements good. This farmis not the strongest tobaccoland. Price, $90.01) per acre.No. 41 125 acres, one mile fromNew Castle, in Henry County,on a splendid pike; has a sev-en-room brick dwelling, tenrnnt. hnnse. two barns, otherimprovements good. This isgood, strong land, in a goodstate of cultivation, and mostdesirably , located. Price,$135.00 per acre.No. 42 426 acres, two miles fromNew Castle and two milesfrom Eminence, in HenryCounty, on a splendid pike;has a nine-room brick dwelling, servant house, three tenant houses, four barns, otherimprovements good. This isgood producing land, in firstclass condition, a very attractive farm and splendidly located. Price, $150.00 peracre.No. 43 365 acres, two miles fromNew Castle, in Henry County,on splendid pike; has a nineroom frame dwelling, servanthouse, tenant house, threebarns, other improvementsgood. This is a good farmland, in a high state of cultivation, a very desirable placeand splendidly located. Price,$150.00 per acre.No. 44 408 acres, 1 miles fromNew Castle, on good pike, inHenry County; has a six-roomdwelling, two tenant houses,two tobacco and two feedbarns, one silo, other improvements good. This is good producing land, in a good state of !cultivation, desirably located,A MAN AND HIS WIFELEVY, THE DRY CLEANERCumberland Phone 40G. W. DAVISFuneral DirectorCorner Fifth and Pleasant Streets, Paris, Ky.Day Phones 137 Night Phones 299 ar SttAutomobile Ambulance Automobile HearseUndertakingOur Winton-Six Automobile Ambulance with JohnsonJohnson First Aid Equipment and the Lungmotor (recentlysecured by us at great expense) a xeauscitating device -forthose apparently dead from drowning, fcaspoiaxmiiig etectrieshock, collapse "from anaesthesia, etc., alwaya ready- for aer.vice. DAY 'OR NIGHT Phone us immediatelyiwie m&aVcident occurs. -v I " - v -Jmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmthe place to make meaty.This land all lays wdLPrice, $80.00 per acre. mNo. 45 506 acres, 4 miles frottNew Castle, and three 'Milesfrom Li. &. railroad, i Hear?County, on good pike; has avnine-room two-story framedwelling, three tenant houses;one large tobacco barn, twofeed barns, two silos, fenciatTand other improvements good.This is a splendid farm land iaa high state of cultivatioa,some of land a' little rolling, avery desirable place. Price,$100.00 per acre.No. 46 202 acres, mile fromPleasureville, in Henry County, on railroad; has a twostory nine-room dwelling, servant and tenant housed two tobacco and two feed barns,fencing and other improrements good. This is good,strong land, in one of thebest farming communities,well located, land-in a goostate of cultivation. Price,$150.00 per acre.You Don't Have to- StoopIf You Use aGarlandCabinetRangeA beautiful line of Garlands on aliaplay. Come In and look them over.Paris Gas & Electric Co.(Incorporated)Professional Cards.DR. WM. KENNEYEye, Ear, Nose and Throat.ROOMS 403-404.FIRST NAT'L BANK BUILDINQ,.. PHONE 13WM. GRAIVNANAttorney-at-LawROOMS 401-402.FIRST NAT'L BANK BUILDINQPILES! PILES! PILES!WILLIAMS' INDIAN PILE OsNTMENTWill cure Blind, Bleeding and Itckiaff ftim.It absorbs the tumors, allays itcmis at e ,acts as a poultice, gives instant relief.For sale by an druggists, all K aad 9L9LWM1UMS MffrCO, PfraaaCtsvelijHl, QeiaOBERDORFER. The Druajlet.may both derive saiisf actionby having their worn and soiledgarments cleaned by us. Thecost is nominal, while the pleasure of wearing old clothes thathave the appearance of new, in.conjunction with the knowledgethat you are effecting a greatving, must surely satisfy you.A phone brings U3.Home Phonev169 2ffaassssaaHsjsjjiMigkBM1 lisslBBssssy IbsssbbsssbbbssbssssI(W BJ BBBBBBBBBBL9 vsZSSSB1 BBBBBBBBBBh 11- nSyj 53k2ilBaMJfljSjijgjEBELwBM4L..A'afHMvajikin,jr -vttT"3FSryPAGE BIGHTTHE BOURBON NEWS, PAWS, KY.TUESDAY,OCTOBMll If, lfir'It-Nil1!ititmi)ii-ComingAttractionsPARIS GRAND AND ALAMOTUESDAY"The Honorof Men"Bison Dramal.?Kicked Out1Victor Comedy DramaWm. Duncan and CarolHollowayin the 6th episode of"Tlie Fighting Trail"WEDNESDAY.Billy West, (Charley Chaplin'sdouble) in"The Villain"comedy in two parts.Madame Petrova in Lacky-Para-rnountfeature, "The Uudying Fame."Also Burton Holmes' Travel Pictures.THURSDAY.Jack Devereaux in Triangle feature 'America That's All'A play of love and options. AllStar comedy players in "The Girland the Ring," Triangle comedy.B. P. KEITH'S VAUDEVILLE TRIOPRICES Alamo 10c to All; Paris Grand 10c and 15c.Alamo 2 to 5:30; Paris Grand 7 to 10:30with, my mother's approval; I carenot what may follow. ;Her- goodteachings and moral 'influenceshave made me more than her worshipper."MILLERSBURGA new furnace is being installedat M. M. I.Columbus Day was observed hereFriday by the closing of the banks.Eld. Alex. Sanders has returnedfrom a visit to his daughter, Mrs.t Harris, in Jackson.Mrs. E. H. Kerr and daughter,Miss Hazel Kerr, were in Cincinnatifrom Friday until Monday.Mrs. Martha Vimont returned.Saturday after a week's visit to herdaughter, Mrs. W. A. Munzing, inMaysville.Dr. H. C. Burroughs returnedtoday after a few weeks' visit tois daughter, Mrs. James Spencer atwensboro.Mrs. R. M. Caldwell was theuest of her sister, Mrs. Geo.,effreys, at Lexington, Thursdayjnd Friday.Mr. Virgil L. Barton left yesterday for Louisville to attend the sessions of the Grand Lodge F. & M.t)f Kentucky.Mr. Dennis McMahan and familyjnoyed Friday from the property ofthe Griffith sisters on Main street,to that of Chas. Insko.Mr. and Mrs. Chas. Insko movedThursday from their home on SouthMain street to that of his mother,.Mrs. Elizabeth Insko, on South Triggavenue.k Mrs. G. E. Watkins returned1 Saturday to her home in Irvine, aftera "week's visit to her mother, Mrs.i 33mma Reynolds. She was accoml panied by lier brother, Mr. G. E.I Reynolds, and family, who will visit) at tne nome or Mr. and Mrs. watkins.All members of the Red CrossSociety are urged to be present atthe meeting to be held in the Pres-I'byterian church at 2:30 o'clock Wed-I jiesday afternoon. Besides the elec4 tion of officers, other business of im-portance will come up, hence thepresence of every member of the So-ciety is urgently requested.WANTED. To rent a goodfarm with from 20 to 30 acres oftobacco land; 40 to 45 acres cornland; good house on same; pastureland for milk cows and work stock;are prepared to cultivate a farm ofthese requirements, having all thenecessary machinery to work same.For further particulars, call on oraddress,J. W. PURCELL & SONS,Blue Lick Springs, Nicholas Co.", Ky.(12-2t)Mrs. G. E. Reynolds entertainedthe following lady friends with anelaborate twelve o'clock lunch, atthe home of her parents, Mr. andMrs. E. M. Ingles, Friday, in honorof b.er sister-in-law, Mrs. G. C.Watkins, of Irvine: Mesdames G. C.Watkins, C. R. Carrington, of Irvine;R. M. Johnson, M. C. Grimes, J. T.Jefferson, E. S. Bartin, J. C. Leer,Jr., A. J. Thaxton and Misses MattieButler, Lucia Butler and Mary Mc-Daniel.SPEARS MILL ITEMS.! Mrs. Sarah Cov and twn rtflurhters, of Morning Glory, Ky., areguests of Mr. and Mrs. Frank Mitchell. Mrs. Sarah Mynes, of Lexington,is a guest of her sister, Mrs. J. C.Hudnall.Born To the wife of Mr. Wm.D. Wagoner, a son second childand second son christened JohnThomas Wagner. The mother wasformerly Miss Sadie Hudnall.Mr. and Mrs. John Wells arevisiting friends and relatives inBracken county.Tobacco men in this vicinity arewell up with their work. Severalhave turned down offers of twentypnd twenty-three cents for theircrops at the barns. No sales haveyet been made. The growers arewaiting for the opening of the Parismarket.fe ISTO TAX PAVERSTax receipts of thecity for 1917 are nowin the hands of CityCollector ClarenceThomas, at the Peoples Deposit Bank.Call and pay themnow.N J. T; HINTON,(auglO-tf) Mayor.HENSON. ,The funeral of, Mr. Thomas Henson, aged about sixty-six, died at thehome of his son-in-law, Mr. BenCrowe, near Paris, Friday afternoonof paralysis, was held at the familyhome Saturday afternoon at oneo'clock, with services conducted byRev. W. A. Wolfe, pastor of theChristian church at Little Rock, thiscounty. The 'burial followed in theNorth Middletown Cemetery.Mr'. Henson is survived by onedaughter, Mrs. Ben Crowe, and twosons, Mr. John Henson, of Millersburg, and Mr. William Henson, ofPlum Lick, near North Middletown.LOOS.The body of .Prof. Chas. LouisLoos, for many years a prominenteducator in Central Kentucky, whodied in Dayton, 0., was brought toLexington for interment in the Lexington cemetery Friday. The bodywas taken to the home of his sister,Mrs. John M. Campbell, in Lexington, where services were held.The body was accompanied toLexington by his widow and daughter, Mrs. Kissinger. Prof. Loos hadbeen a resident of Dayton for nearlyforty years, before which he hadtaught in the colleges of Lexington. He was an able speaker, andhas occupied the pulpit of 'theChristian Church, in this ctiy, onmany occasions in the absence ofthe regular pastor, the late Rev.S. Sweeney.Robertson, ofgrandson, Mr.Morgan.Lexington,' arid, oneJohn D. Keller, ofHANCOCK,tAfter a lingering illness, duringwhich she bore her .sufferings with afortitude born of a spirit of trueChristianity and resignation, MissEdith Hancock, aged twenty-one,oldest daughter of Mr. and Mrs.Harry H. Hancock, died at the homeof K her parents, on Main street, atS:30 o'clock, Sunday night. The endcame peacefully, as her spirit wingedlib way from the troubled earth tothe Better Land above.Miss Hancock had been an invalidwho made and retained warm friendships, and known as-one of the .best"story-tellers" on the road. He wasa Confederate veteran, and servedduring the entire four 'years of the'Civil War.Mr. Lovely was the father of thellate Mrs. wm. H. Boswell, who resided in Paris many years ago. He issurvived by one daughter, Mrs. JesseHall, of Lexington, and four grandchildren, Mrs. Wm. Hodgkin, Mrs.Jos. Phillips and Mrs. Clarence Boswell, of Winchester, and Mrs. StuartTracy, of Lexington.The remains were sent to Lexington, Saturday,, where the funeral tookplace from the honie of his daughter.Services were held at the graVe infcY pfiTrnrol TYinTi "f Tics n r A Grw nwr -f-7-wsxtihb in the Massie Memorial Hospital, !?e Lexin Cemetery by Rev. I. Jvnere sne underwent a sngnt opera-J.P3 J5l 21DEATHS.JAMES.Mrs. Jane James, aged seventy,mother of United States Senator 01lie James and United States MarshalEdgar James, of the Western District of Kentucky, died at her homein Marion, Ky., after an illness ofseveral months. In one of his political addresses United States Senator.Tames eulogized his mother as onecl the grandest women in theworld, winding up by saying, "Ifmy public and private life meetsWARDLE.Mr. John Wardle, aged sixtysix, a well-known resident of Lexington, died suddenly at his home inthat city Thursday night, while seated at a table. He was a native ofLexington, being a son of ZaqharyWardle, who was one of the pioneerlesidents of Lexington..He is survived by three sons, John,Henry and George Wardle; threedaughters, Mrs. Lizzie Crose and MrsJoe Hulett, of Lexington, and Mrs.Florence Cubbage, of Oklahoma; twobrothers, 'William Wardle, of Bourbon county, and Whitney Wardle, ofWoodford county; two sisters, Mrs.Ed. Preston, of Fort Spring, and Mrs.James White, of Lexington.uon. .tier neaitn ianing sne returned to the hispital, where she wasa patient for several weeks, with, typhoid fever, which became complicated with pneumonia, her death resulting from this complication.Miss Hancock was one of thebrightest and most lovely young women of Paris, her many graces ofcharacter making her a large circleof friends, who delighted in thewarmth of her companionship. Shewas a member of the Methodistchurch, and an earnest worker in itssocieties, especially the EpworthLeague, in which she delighted to beassociated. She was a graduate of theParis High School and was one of theniost devoted of its alumni. Her future was full of promise. She was inthe happiest part of her life, the timeAvhen youth is standing at the halfopened door that leads to womanhoodShe lived a cdnsecrated Christian life,and met the grim messenger of deathwith a smile and words of comfortand cheer to those she was leavingbehind. Hers was a life that impartslessons well worth emulating.Funeral services were held at thehome yesterday afternoon at 4:30"'clock conducted by Rev. J. R.Combs, pastor of the Methodistchurch. The body was taken on the10:45 L. & N. train last night toCleveland, Tenn., the old home of herparents, where the interment willtake place this (Tuesday) afternoon.nencer. Tne nan-oearers wereEwing Hall, Clarence Boswell, StuartTracy and Wm. Hodgkin.LOVELY.Mr. .Jesse Lovely, aged eightyone a former resident of Paris, diedat the Confederate Home at PeweeValley last week, after a long illnessI Itin 4- -fli-i infirmififlo rf q ooThe Wardle family were residents I uu" t" """ ! mnil. JJUVCIJ oo a, nauic jl iuioof Paris for many years, living onSouth Main street, in the classic precints that were known in those daysas "Nixville." Whitney Wardle, oneof the brothers, will be well remembered by the older residents of Paris,as a student at the old Paris CitySchool, where he gained fame as anathlete and vocalist.PUBLIC SALEOFValuable CitySMITH.Mrs. W. Augustus Smith, agedeighty-three, died Saturday night atthe home of her daughter, Mrs. T.B. Satterwhite, in Lexington. Mrs.Smith had been ill for about a weekwith puenmonia, but previous to thathad be'en in excellent health.Mrs. Smith was the mother of Mr.Roger Smith, of the Smith -Watkins-DarnabyCo., and John D. Smith, ofLexington; Thos. C. Smith, of Fayette county; Mrs. Sattenwhite and7.1iss Belle Smith, of Lexington, andMrs. Otis Bacon, of Wichita Falls,Texas. She was one of the oldestmembers of the Broadway Christianchurch, in Lexington. She was a native of Bourbon county, but hadbeen living in Lexington for the7ast eighteen years.The funeral was held at the homeof Mr. and Mrs. Satterwhite, in Lexington, at two o'clock, yesterday afternoon, with services conducted byRev. Mark Collis. The burial followed in the Lexington Cemetery.The pall-bearers were Isaac Wilmott,Charles Daranby, Ben Darnaby, JohnCarter, W. D. Watts, John Duvall,A. W. Skinner and Henry Staples.county, having been born and raisednear Centerville. He was a brotherof Mr. John V. Lovely, who servedtwo terms as postmaster of Paris,and of Mr. Andrew Jackson Lovely,also of Paris, who was Deputy Postmaster under his brother, and wasa?so prominent in Pythian circles inthe State. RELIGIOUS.The International Convention ofthe Christian Church will be heldin Kansas City on Oct. 24,-31. Oneof the features of the convention willbe the "Transylvania banquet,"nhich will be held at the FirstChristian church in Kansas City.Talks will be made by Rev. Roger T.Nooe, of Frankfort, Prof. W. C. Bowerand Dr. Geo. W. Blown, of Lexington. The Transylvania Glee Clubwill have charge of the music andcollege yells at the banquet. Parisand the county, will be representedby a delegation.Baptists of Paducah are makingpreparations to entertain the General Association of Kentucky Baptists to be held there November 13,14 and 15, in the auditorium of theFirst Baptist church. About 500 delegates are expected to attend. Dr. A.Gatliff, of Williamsburg, the moderator, will preside. The secretary isProf. John L. Hill, of Georgetown.The annual sermon will be deliveredTuesday night, November 13, by theRev. N. E. Staley,.of Madisonville.s TsjWilmoth'sSalt-RisingBread!Angel FoodCake!Don't That"Listen Good?"WILMOTHGrocery Go.Phone 376BIRTHS.Near Clintonville, to the wifeof Mr. W. O. Florence, a son.In this city, to the wife of Mr.Grover Baldwin, formerly MissGladys Talbott, a son; weight 10 Y2pounds; third child.At the home of Mrs. JosephHouston, near Paris, Sunday, to thewife of Mr. George Adair, formerlyMiss Wellington Smith, a daughter,Christened Jane Breckinridge Adair.Mr. and Mrs. Oliver Mann, ofHyde Park, Cincinnati, are acknowl-Mr. Jesse Lovely was a successful I fdging congratulations upon the adtraveling man, having been in theemploy of Wm. Glenn & Sons, andlater with R. M. Bishop &. Co., ofCincinnati, the senior member of thelatter firm having at one time servedas Governor of Ohio. He was a man I Martin, of Parisvent in their home on October 11, ofa handsome baby daughter, christened Mary Carter Mann. Mrs? Mann-.vas formcily Miss Lillie Martin,daughter ot Mr. and Mrs. Carter N.MflRGOLEN'SSPECIALSFor This WeekPork Chopsper poundBest Steaksper poundPrime Rib BeefRoast, per pound . .Pure Lard'per poundCountry Hogper pound27c25cJBflRGOLEN'SSanitary Meat Market&mProperty !t-The undersigned will offer at public sale onSaturday, November 31917At 10 O'clock A. M.the corner of Fifth and Main, the following described property to-it:1st The handsome 3-story business block on Main street; storenow occupied as a millinery store by Mrs. Come W. Baird, overhich. is a beautiful flat on the second and third floors. This propertyCroats on Main street 22 feet, running back 84 feet, more or less.2nd The store room adjoining, occupied by Harry Linville as astore, and is the same property as the above, 'with the exceDtionmt the size of the lot, which is 19x84 feet, more or less.- Y 3rd The double brick building on Fifth street now occupied byDr. Vansant on the east side and Dr. Anderson on the west side. Overpbcfte offices are two modern flats, easily rented and now occupied byfcpood tenants. This is an exceptionally good piece of investment prop-' trty. This being a double house" each side will be offered separatelyp then as a -whole. The dimensions of this lot is 50x61 feet, more orNk. v; In. the rear of the Main street property and between the Fifth streetproperty there is & perpetual passway, which, gives ingress and egress$d tke flats, store rooms and the residence property.f 4th- About 5 acres, more or les on Stoner Creek, at the end oftoaer avenue, entrance both at Stoner avenue and Massie Lane." Onf mc property is a large stable, cow barn and corn crib and chickenfwufte. This would be admirable property for town lots.fci, running from Washington street to Stoner Creek and adjoins theHttJ'aeirs property on tne east.DJLttke Mme time and place 6 fine milk eows will be sold. Four ofcows are fresh, two having calves by their side.Parties deeiring further info rm-i tion, or desiring to look over thislv will .plae call on Mr. Fhtl Nippert, who -will take pleasure inwrites of JBirrloe to them. "".' JTERMS Jtl estate, one, third cash, balance in .equal payments inand two yw. witli interest. ' -. ,!- i . HIPPEM, iUreat.BWALT.The funeral of Mr. James Ewalt,of the Lexington Herald, who metdeath Saturday near Winchester,when the auto in which he was delivering the Herald to the L. & N. trainat Winchester, struck a rut in ,thepike, and turned over, killing him instantly, was held at the family residence 'in Lexington yesterday afternoon, at two o'clock, with servicesconducted by Rev. Clarence Walker.The burial followed th the LexingtonCemetery.' The pall-bearers were hisassociates in the Lexington Heraldoffice, T. J. Baker; W. A. Beatty,Raymond Redd, Charles Cosby, Victor Abnee and Maj. F. C. Learning.Mr. E'walt was well-known inParis. .He was a member of the adxertising force of the Herald, and inthat capacity, had often visitedParis. He is survived by his wife,tfjio was formerly Miss Rena Brown,of Cynthiaha, and twin daughters,Marguerite and Ruth, who are tenyears old; his mother, Mrs. Sadie"Ewalt, of New Jersey, two brothers,William, Ewalt, of New Jersey, andEichard Ewalt, of Dallas, Texas, andtwo sisters, Mrs. H. S. Sanders andMrs. Leon Adams, both of Dallas,Texas.No cause for the accident in whichMr. Ewalt's machine turned over ha?yet been assigned. UndertakerBaker, of Le'xington, who tookcharge of the remains at Winchester,stated that examination of the body"thowed that the neck was not broken,as had been stated, but that deathwas caused' from internal injuries,U;walt's chest having been crushedagainst the steering gear oautotg5JRIS1LtJK--ffaci2Cv vir Z!!S2zgT!SmBUYNOWYour New Fall BootsAwait You Here in an EndlessAssortmentff 11 I ' AEvery description of footwear, every style, including allthe pretty, novelties, all the new creations, at pric- s thatlaugh at the day of the high cost of shoes.Quality Style EconomyA Combination Always Pound MereS If you want correct footwear at prices unequaled any-5 where, then buy your shoes here tomorrow without fail.Some, of Our SpecialsLadies dark tan English fcl ACBoots tpTwDLadies' Black Calf English BootsjLadies' Gun Metal Button Boots$2.49Men's Tan English aj aaWelts $4.00Men's Gun Metal, do jaEnglish $049Men's Gun Metal, l noButton $''thfSHIPP.The body of Mrs. Fannie MyeiShinn. who died at her home in Morgan, Ky., Sunday, will be brought toParis on 'the 9:f40 L. & N. train thismorning for interment in the ParisCemetery. Services will be held atthe residence at Morgan.Mts. Shipp was the widow of Mr..feffery Shipp, who died in Paris lastXovember. After the death of herhusband, vshe moved to Morgan,where she made her home to the timeol her death. She is survived by two"isters, Mrs. Ida, "Myers' HukilL ofLouisville, wfdowof the late.Mr. Wm.(Hukiil JrV oC Parte, and Tdrs. Arini,, BOYS' AND GIRLS'SCHOOL SHOESAt Great Bargain Prices'VDAN COHENWliere Beauty and Ecoaomy EeifParis'-Greatest Shoe Storeminmmmut iimk-30c25c20cViI8i4 ISi' j! ! -t y&xzr.-.. -4,,. tife&tK-t-, ...iL - i34uaiHHUHBHKiKi