;W-"I- -h mf rmt"V" vv & h " -x- w'vwTHE BOURBON NEWSPUBLISHED EVERY TUESDAY AND FRIDAY IN THE YEAR.sillVOLUME XXXVIIPARIS, BOURBON COUNTY, KENTUCKY, FRIDAY, AUGUSTS. 1917sfeMASTERnST RECEIVED BY EXEMPTION BOARD.All is in readiness for the callingto the colors of the quota of men tohe taken from Bourbon county forthe United States army, drafted under the provisions of the conscriptionact.The jmasterlist, which contains theofficial list of those who" are to becalled, and which experienced considerable delay in transmission throughthe mails, arrived in Paris, Tuesday,and was immediately taken in chargeby the members of The BourbonCounty Exemption Board. The document, which was in pamphlet form,was posted in the office of the Exemption Board, in the big Circuit Courtroom in the court house, where' theexamination of the men will takeplace. The work of mailing out official notices will be begun to-day, andit will probably be Monday beforethe work of exemption can begin.The work of checking over the listswas completed yesterday.A complete list of the men who willbe called on the first draft was postedin the window of THE NEWS officeWednesday afternoon, and was thecenter of attraction for those whowere anxious to know where theywere "at." This same list is republished in THE NEWS to-day, and isa perfectly authentic one, beingtaken from the official list as sent outfrom Washington, and received hereby the Board of Exemption.A great deal of interest is beingmanifested in the city and county bythose who will be subject to the firstcall, and the local boys are anxiouslyawaiting the arrival of the notification cards through the mail. Thelocal Board of Exemption will havecharge of the examination only onthe point of physical fitness, and theEastern District Board, whichwill sit at its office in Lexington, willtake up the matter to pass upon theexemptions.It is highly probable that the menwill be ordered to report on Monday,TuesdayNand Wednesday of next weekto be examined, as the Board hopesto have everything in smooth running order by that time for the purpose. One essential thing which thedrafted man MUST understand thoroughly is that liability to appear willnot be abrogated because of the failure of any man to get his notificationcard through the mail. The postingof the numbers at the court house isall that it necessary, and Uncle Samexpects every drafted man to be onhand when the time for appearancecomes.The Division Exemption Boardwhich will be in session ot Lexingtonwill have in its charge all appealsfrom the counties in the district. Inits hands, also, are decisions on alloccupational claims for exemption.Each man selected as qualified forservice by the lower or local exemption boards will then have his casetaken before the District Board.258 Pearce Beatty, Paris.458 H. B. Carr, Paris.1436 Sam J. Wiggins, Paris Poute 6S54 Allie Clay Detwiller. NorthMiddletown.1095 Frank Nelspn-Higgins, Paris,Route 8.1455 Henry Ward Beecher Bell,Paris.783 John Hutsell, Paris, Route 1.1117 Orvil Britton, Hutchison.837 Charles Henry Butler, Jr.,Paris, 1.337 Samuel Biddle, Paris.676 Richard Brooks, North Mid-dletown.275 James Arthur Ellis, Paris.509 Charles Tutter, Paris.1185 Oliver Cash Hazelrigg, Paris.564 William E. Mitchell, Millersburg. 945 Mack Christopher, Paris,Route 2.596 William .Cassady, Carlisle.1267 Thurman Jones, Paris, Route6.536 Frank C. Caldwell, Millersburg. 1495 James Myers, Paris, Route 5.548 Philip Hopkins, Millersburg.126 Luther McHargue, Paris.1237 B. C. Chinn, Paris, Route 7.784 Clarence Henderson, Route 1.755 August S. Wilson, Sharpsburg. 107 Harvey, Lee Mulligan, Paris.1369 George Garter, Cynthiana.616 James Hedges, Paris, Route 5.373 William Huff, Paris.1266 David Jefferson, Paris Route7. . '775 Charles Howard Day, Paris.Route 2.486 Benjamin McAfee, Paris.692 Allie Carr, Paris.600 Floyd Cummins, Paris, Route5.810 Harvey Allen Rogers, Paris,Route 2.1539 Louis Margolen, Paris.507 Jesse Nelson Steagall, Paris.309 Forrest C. Newcome, Paris.437 Edwin A. Wood, Paris.1324 Frank Harp, Paris.604 Gano Duncan, Millersburg.43 Harry Barlow, Paris.1264 James Hr Jackson, Paris.1066 Homer Snapp, Clintonville.924 William Smits, Paris.420 William Small, Paris,1014 Jim Cope, Escondida.1178 Hugh Ferguson, Paris.514 Clarence Washington, Paris.433 Charles Washington, Paris.1329 Lucien Hinton, Paris.10 James Charles Feltman, Paris.1045 M. C. Meymon, Clintonville.1031 Gus Hickland, Clintonville.1331 SmitTi Hill, Paris.87 Charlton McFarland, Paris.1282 Thomas Henry McCoy, Paris,Route 7.1323 John Hampton, Paris.,797 William M. Maybrier, R. F.D. 2.140 prank H. Parker, Paris.1536 William. 'Henry Hill, Paris,Route' 2.BOURBON FISCAL COURT.The August term of the BourbonFiscal Court convened in the CountyCourt room in the court house yesterday afternoon for a short session.Present Judge McMillan, presiding,Justices Martin. Thomasson. Burris.URedmon, Stephenson. Lloyd. Shropshire and Turner.Claims against the county amounting to $575.69 were allowed and ordered paid.Ordered that S. E. Bedford, CountyTreasurer, borrow the sum of fivethousand dollars, ($5,000) for use ofthe General Fund and execute hisnote for same payable January 1,1918, bearing interest at the rate ofsix per cent from date.Ordered that the sum of $150 beappropriated to W. F. Turner for repairs on the Coulthard's Mill road.Ordered that the sum of $300 bepaid to Alonzo McKenzie on his contract on the Boardman pike.The Court adjourned to September6, 1917.ss lta E3NOTICE!The undersigned grocers andbutchers hereby- agree to close theirstores, beginning Monday, August6, every day excepting pay days, at7 p. m. On Saturdays at 11 p. m.:Wilmoth & Co.Robert Link.Frank Jacob.Skillman Bros.Lusk & Shea.J. A. Sullivan.L. R. Bramblett.Busy Bee Cash Store.A. B. Lovell.H. Margolen.Curtis Henry.P. M. Heller.Mrs. Cora Delaney.H. Grosche. fStone & Mulfinger.T. Fudold.Tilford Burnett.Logan Howard.Chas. P. Cook & Co.Baldwin Bros.Lavin & Connell.S. T. Chipley.Thomas Cain.G. D. Paynter.Custis D. Talbott. "Charles Monson.Dan Jordan.Albert Anthon.1E3 Pa TSNOTICE TO VOTERS FROM A SUREWINNER.When you go to the polls to-mor-i row, vote for Thomas Taul for Jailerthen you will vote for a sure winner. You will vote for a man whoneeds the position, and one who willappreciate your support. He is atried and true Democrat, one whowill always be on the job at alltimes. Do not forget him when yougo to the polls to-morrow, Saturday,Aug. 4. Tommy is certain to win.(It)g JThe candidate best qualified forMayor is W. 0. Hinton.tsia pa! SOLDIERS' AID COMMITTEE FORMED HERE.The Bourbon County branch of theSoldiers' Aid Committee a newlyformed organization for war reliefwork was perfected at a recent meeting of the Business Men's Leagueheld in the court house.Mr. John T. Collins presided aschairman. He was given authorityto appoint a committee of two toact with him in perfecting furtherarrangements for the work.A committee composed of Messrs.B. A. Frank, Thos. Henry Clay, Jr.,and Chas. Clarke, was appointed tocheck up the membership solicitationbooks given out to the members ofthe League. After hearing the reportof the work of the Labor Bureau,read by Secretary Ellis, the meetingadjourned.3SAVE M0NEY0N STOVES.Just received a car load of stovesand cast ranges. We will save you$20 on a range, guaranteed for 20years. Come in and see them.FARMERS' SUPPLY CO.! E2 ?3 S3! A "SHO'NUF" DEMOCRAT1 Who has devoted more of his timeto party politics than Geo. W. Judy?Always a rock-ribbed, dyed-in-the-wool,uncompromising Democratthey are the kind of Democrats thatought to be rewarded. "Vote forJudy, you know "where he is at," andthat he can fill the office withcredit. (It)&3 cal siRED CROSS SEWING.Mrs. W. G. McClmtock's class ofthe Presbyterian Sunday school occupied the Red Cross sewing rooms atThird and Main streets Tuesday. OnWednesday the rooms were occupiedby the women of the Methodistchurch. Numbers of garments, hospital supplies and bandages for hospitalwork were made by the ladles.1236 George E. Cantrill, Cynthiana.432 James J. Wilson, Paris.18 Joseph G. Mitchell. Paris.927 Roger C. Talbott, Paris.14g4 Ernest KIser, Paris, Route ff.739 Bryan Robbins, Paris.601 Woodford A. Christman, Millersbug. 1322 Richard Garrett, Paris.1146 Peonard Plunkett, Muir, ,1 1 03 Charles" Morris, Farfs.(Continued on Page Z.SUSPECTED GERMAN SPY HELDTO GRAND JURY.At Lexington, Wednesday, beforej United States Commissioner S. S.jYantis, George Major, alias Fred Ir-' vine, arrested in Paris a a suspectedGerman plotter, was held over toawait the action of the Federal GrandJury, in the sum of $1,000. Majorsannounced that he was unable to furnish the required bail and was takento Winchester to await trial.Majors entered a plea of "not guilty." His story was to the effect' thathe acted in perfectly good faith inwearing the uniform of a UnitedStates soldier. He stated that hesigned up last fall with a man givinghis name as "Capt. Cutts," and sincethat time he had been acting underCutts' orders. Majors' testimony wasall along the lines indicated in a previous issue of THE NEWS. MayHolland, of Frankfort, presumably"the woman in the case," testifiedthat Majors had told her he was orderly to an army captain stationed inFrankfort. Chief of Police Link, ofParis, testified as to his connectionwith the case in making the arrest.A number of other witnesess testifiedas to various features connceted withthe case.TEs isiDRAFT OVERSHADOWS POLITICS.Although the primary election isscheduled for to-rmorrow, and thereare several very warm races to bedecided, the drafting of the youngmen of the county seems to be thechief topic of conversation on thestreets of Paris.A business man in THE NEWSoffice yesterday expressed the sentiment of the community when he replied to a query as to what was doingis politics. "Well, some are talkingpolitics on the street, but most peopleare talking about taking our boysaway to the war."JS3 E3 tsaCALL IS ISSUED FOR MORE YARNA call is being issued for fundawith, which to purchase more yarn tobe knitted into garments for thesoldiers of the U. S. battleship Kentucky. The supply on hand has beenused up, and there are many volunteer knitters, who are anxious to engage in the work. Any member ofthe Bourbon County Chapter of theRed Cross will receive the donations,either of cash or yarn.Mrs. Thomas Henry Clay, Sr., requests that all persons, who have bitsof worsted, either zephyr or yarn,suitable for knitting or crocheting,will bring them to 'her home onPleasant street, where they will beutilized in making afghans, or smallcovers for the French baby reliefwork. All colors can be used -and' alldonations will be gratefully accepted.They may be brought to Mrs. Clay atany time.51 15s ISVote for Square Deal Mitchell forPolice Judge. (adv)WE KNOW HOWSTRAW HATSATHALFOur entire line of HopkinsStraws we place on sale today at one-half original price.Right now is when you need a cool, comfortableStraw the worst, when the old Straw has become soiledand shabby. You can freshen up your appearance bygetting the pick of a brand new straw at a very smallprice. All sizes 6 3-4 to 7 5-8.75 CentsTo$3Soft Fri'ms and Stiff Brims,, Plain Sailors, Curled-bjtmwnedAlpiries and Telescope shapes.Don't delay; buy while your styleandsize is here;Mitchell & BlakemoreOur store closes at 5 p p. m. except Saturdaysand Court Days.STATE CONVENTION OF REDCROSS PLANNED., Arrangements for a State convention of the Red Cross Association ofKentucky were made at a conferencein Lexington between Frank C.Greene, of Carrollton, State director,George R. Hunt, local chairman, andHarry Giovannali and Denny B.Goode, of the Boaid of Commerce.The convention will be held August22-23 if these dates are satisfactoryto the National Red Cross.i Among the speakers who are expected to attend are H. P. Davidson,Chairman of the War Council of theRed Cross, ex-President William H.Taft, and others prominent in thework, of the organization. The meetings will be held in the PhoenixHotel unless a larger place is necessary, and in this event Woodland Auditorium will be used.I There are in Kentucky 120 RedCross Associations, and each one isexpected to send at least two delegates. These will be given expert instruction and the work of the organization as a whole will be taken upfor their benefit. The local committee on arrangements believes that at.least 350 delegates will attend.IS 51TO VOTERS OF THE SECOND WARDir Inscribe on the tablets of your-memory the fact that I am a candidate for the Democratic nomination, for Councilman to represent the citizens of Precincts 3 and 4, comprisingthe Second ward.J At the polls in the primary tomorrow I ask you to give me yoursupport. I will do my utmost to replesent your best interests in theBoard of Council.I " CUSTIS TALBOTT.j E3 tJ3 ta' Experience counts for more thanloud talk. Vote for W. 0. Hintonfor Mayor.Ts a aFIVE THOUSAND BATHERS AT, BOONESBORO BEACH.1 Last Sunday was a record-breakerfor attendance at the Boonesborobathing beach. It was estimated bya Lexington man who is an expertat judging the size of a crowd thatfive thousand people were assembledthere.They came by hundreds from Lexington, Paris, Winchester, George-tov-i,Cynthiana, Mt. Sterling, Harlocfsburg, Richmond, Danville anddozens of small towns in CentralKentucky. There were over onethousand people in bathing at onetime during the .afternoon.Boonesboro is fast becoming one ofthe most famous bathing resorts inthe State and when the Dixie andBoone Highways are completed it isdestined to become one of the mostfamous in all the Southland.tPRICE!.00$ V-:IS MR. CAYWOOD COMPETENT?Is Mr. Caywood competent to fillthe office of school superintendent The extreme heat prevented a largeand discharge its duties? attendance at the mass-meeting call-. This question was raised at the be- ed by Chairman A. B. Hancock, ofginning of his candidacy and has the National Council of Defense, forbeen discussed throughout the coun- 7:30 o'clock at the court house Wedty. There was a way to settle it. nesday night .The State Board of Examiners held The meeting was attended by aone session in May and two in June small crowd. Mr. A. B. Hancock,to enable candidates for that office representing the Business Men's Club-,to apply for certificates of qualifica- and the Bourbon county division oftion and secure them if they could the National Council of Defense, prepass the examination. Fifty-eight sided. Dr." Mutchler, of the Agriculcandidates applied at the first exam- j tural Experiment Station of the Uni-ination in May, and scores at the j versity of Kentucky made the princiother examinations. Mr. Caywood pal address along lines of food conknew that his ability to get a certi-, servation. Dr. Mutchler urged thficate was in question and that the! farmers to increase their acreage ofcharge of incompetency was being I wheat at least ten ner cent, nevt vAirurged against him in his canvass, yethe did not apply for a certificate, butchose to stand on the opinion of alawyer that he did not have to getthe certificate before the primary.Undoubtedly that opinion is correct,but is it likely in view of the chargeof incompetency, that heNwould havefailed to secure the certificate ifhe had thought he could pass theexamination? The certificate wouldhave been a complete answer to thecharge that he could not get one.His failure to qualify has left thequestion of incompetency to be settled by the voters themselves. For-ituna'tely Mr. Caywood has suppliedample evidence written and signed byhimself to satisfy the most skeptical,and we will prove the case by callingno other witness than Mr. Caywood.At the beginning of the last schoolyear an association of the county fteachers was formed with Mr.Ellett as president and Mr. Caywoodas secretary. Nine meetings wereheld during the school year and Mr.Caywood wrote the minutes of eachmeeting. These minutes were written by him in a book which is preserved in the office of the school superintendent and has been inspectedby many persons and may be examined by anyone who desires to see itscontents. This book is cited as proofof what I am about to say as to thoseminutes. In those minutes Mr. Caywood spells the word "minutes"twice as follows: "M-I-N-N-E-T-S."The word "adjourned" is writteneleven times and is spelled the sameway every time, as follows:"a-j-o-u-r-n-e-d," leaving out the "d"each time. Every time the word"seconded" (the motion was seconded), is written it is written"s-e-c-o-n-e-d," making a word oftwo syllables instead of three."Parliamentary" is used only onceand is written"p-a-r-l-i-m-e-nt-a-r-y,Mleaving out the "a."The minutes of the sixth meetingconcluded with this sentence: "After'Roll call' a motion being made and'seconed' the association was'ajourned.' "This short sentence contains threeerrors; one in writing roll call with acapital "r" and the other two inspelling "seconded and adjourned."The following sentence is typicalof Mr. Caywood's style of writing.It is the first sentence in the minutesof the meeting of December 8, 1916,and reads:"The Association was called to order by the president and after rollcall the 'minnets' of -the last twomeetings were readThe last of which a correction wasmade before adoption.This is written, as I quote it, intwo sentences, the former of whichifc marred by the incorrect spelling of"minutes," and the latter by such anutter grammatical inconsistency asto make the sentence a real curiosity.Here is another example of hisknowledge of how to write the language, taken from the minutes of themeeting of November 25, 1916:"Miss Clark made a motion thatthe Association meet on the secondSaturday of each month regardlessof the teachers money, but after discussion was lost."Of course Mr. Caywood meant tosay her motion was lost and not MissClark.Leaving these minutes we will nowexamine a little folder which "Mr.Caywood wrote and had printed andmany hundreds of which have beenhanded by him to voters throughoutthe county. This" folder is, by actualmeasurement, just seven inches ofprint including the spaces betweenthe paragraphs. Of course it waswritten with great care because heknew his education was being seriously questioned, and being so shortit might be inferred it is free fromblemish. But look at these quotatiV5 from it:"A citizen of this grand old County, which fact has always been andalways will be, a source of pride tome, and I have the praiseworthy ambition to serve her in this highoffice."Would an educated man have written such a sentence? It is incomplete; the first xlause, ending with"me," expresses no thought andstates no fact, and might as wellhave been appended to any other setof words as to the set wliich followsit. It was probably called to Mr.Caywood's attenditon that this sentence seemed to imply that he was anative of Bourbon County instead ofbeing a new-comer here, and in asubsequent "edition" of this leaflethe discarded the above sentence andinserted this instead:"This great county is mine by adoption, it is true, but am 1 not astauncher Bourbonite than if I hadbeen born here and 'have' had nothing to do with my being here flow?"The reader may guess just whatthis sentence means if he can, andhe may also decide whether this sentencee is an improvement on the onefor which it was substituted. Thone plain thing about the sentence isthat whatever,, it means the word"haveT"' which we "have ' taken the(Continued on Page 3.)CONSERVATION MASSMEETING.to make up the deficiency sure to bex- - rf -.created by the exigencies of war. Heurged a general conservation of foodas a saving to the town, the county,the State and the nation.Mrs. Fanniebelle Sutherland, representing the Woman's Committee ofthe Council of Defense, delivered aninteresting and instructive talk onconservation of food in the home, and.spoke of the work of the Girls Canning Club of the county and what aforce they can be in conserving foocLBoth addresses were well received. ,.i "Si jaaVote for W. 0. Hinton. He has"been a faithful public servant. Puthim up hierher.tsi fe jsaCONGRESS GETS BUSY WITH TWOIMPORTANT BILLS.The administration food controlbill, stripped of the features opposedby President Wilson, was reportedout of conference Wednesday, just, one month after the date the Presi-,dent had hoped to see it enacted intolaw.Enactment of the bill some timenext week is predicted. House conferes will make their report and favorable action probably will be takenon it to-day. Senate approval willfollow early next week, although extended debate is expected in the Senate. A resolution for submission to theStates of a prohibition amendment tothe Federal Constitution was adoptedlate Wednesday by the Senate. Thevote was 65 to 20, eight more thanthe necessary two thirds.As adopted the resolution contains 'a provision that the States must beasked to ratify the amendment within six years. The House still mustact on the resolution.fe Id TsaTobacco Hall Insurance.Thomas, Woodford & Bryan.E3 J JE3GOVERNOR ANNOUNCES NEWSTATE ELECTION BOARDThe new State Board of ElectionCommissioners will be composed ofRodman Keenon, Clerk of the Courtof Appeals, ex-officio chairman; R.C. Oldham, of Winchester, Democrat,and T. L. Walker, of Lexington, Republican. Governor Stanley, Tuesday, announced the re-appointment df Mr.Oldham and the appointment of Mr.Walker to succeed T. C. Jackson, ofLebanon. 4Mr. Walker formerly was postmaster of Lexington. The new Boardwill canvass returns in the legislative primary.fe 1BEST IN THE WORLD.a tJohn Deere wagons, mowers, rakes,etc.FARMERS' SUPPLY CO.fe te isTRIED AND TRUE.Vote for Geo. W. Judy for Jailer, -alife-long Democrat, who has beentried and has made good as an official. - (It) ,SECRETARY RESIGNATION 'TAKES EFFECT.In the interval between last Tuesday, when Mr. C. O. Hinton's resignation as Secretary of the BourbonCounty Y. M. C. A. took effect andthe first of September, when the Secretary-electMr. Z. L. Wilcox, of Or- -angecounty, New York, takes charge,the affairs of the Y. will be in chargeof Mr. Herndon Waller, with Mr.Alex T. Rice, Jr., as assistant secretary. Mr. Hinton, immediately after hisresignation became effective, left fora camping and recreation trip. Mr.Wilcox, who is now in New York arranging his business and household 'affairs, will come to Paris about Aug.15, but will not take charge of theY. M. C. A. until September 1.OSTEOPATHS .TO BE RECOGNIZEDIN HOSPITAL WORK.Drs. Martha Petree, of Paris, hasreceived advices from the War Department at Washington to the effectthat the osteopathic school of practice will be recognized for hospitalwork during the war, and that thoseapplying for (appointments will begiven the same examination as thoseof the medical profession.UNION SERVICES.Rev. Wi. E. Ellis, of the Christianchurch, will preach at the unionmeeting of the Paris Protestant, FOODchurches, to be held at the Methodist -churchnext Sunday night at 7:30o'clock. S ;The Christian Endeavor Society ot - j"Vthe Christian church will har "'charge of the program of tlw Yowaj ,vs -Peoples' Union at :30 o'clock. JTk "' -program will be am interestingmff-m-rs-I rPAGE TWOTHE BOURBON NEWS, PARIS, KY.FRIDAY, AUGUST 3, 1917.THE MASTER LIST.Continued from Page 1.)1395 Leo Hutson, Paris, Route 6.606 William H. Early wine, Paris,Route 4.182 Willie Washington, Paris.513 Roy Watts, Paris.46 Charles Boyd, Paris.1020 Lewis Franklin, Escondida.1099 Raymond Myers, Paris,223 Arthur N. Keller, Paris.1441 Virgil Allen, Paris.117 Walter Minton, Paris.602 Charles Thompson D welly,Paris, Route 5.390 Albert M. King, Paris.75 Earl Griffith, Paris.772 Clifton Clinton Johnson,North Middletown.1456 Joe Baker, Paris.721 Charles R. Johnson, NorthMiddletown.1419 Woodson Nelson Reed, Cyn-786 Carl Hughes, Paris, R. F.D. 3.1476 Ike Haley, Paris, Route 5.280 Raymond F. Fryman, Paris,1292 Clayton R. Renaker, Paris,Route 7.972 George Lewis Payne, Paris.933 William M. Tobin, Paris.7.57 Claude Waldon, Carlisle.966 Andrew Love, Paris.868 James C. Hardin.j, North Mid-!dletown.332 Charles E. Wilson, Paris.3.79 Harry S. Hill, Paris.542 Lora C. Gaunce, Millersburg.1-94 Sidney S. Ardery, Jr., Paris.874 Walter Johnson, Paris.55:2 Earl Isko, Millersburg.1300 Samuel T. Willis, Paris,Route 7.298 N. B. Lemaster, Paris.675 Cha'ies H. Bristow, Paris.1294 Moses B. Sparks, Paris,Route 7.1148 Clyde B. Rice, Hutchison.1354 William White, Paris.1397 Avonia Eads Kiser, Shawhan.343 Charles R. Bland, Paris.982 Bennett D. Taylor, Paris, R.F. D. 2.726 Harvey Lee Morgan, Paris.15 William Allen Huddleston,905 Ralph Menifee, North Middletown. 933 Adam Wallin, North Middletown. 1531 Emmett D. Kiser, Paris.1288 Henry Ross, Paris, Route 7.452 Robert Briggs, Paris.355 King Culbertson, Paris.530 Isaac R. Brown, Millersburg.809 Hiram Roseberry, Paris, R.F. D. 3.1114 Richard Walter, Paris.1470 Hance Furman, Paris, Route 6645 Marian Shaw, Millersburg.218 Oscar T. Hinton, Paris.620 Harry Henry, Paris, R. ' F.D. 5.1334 Walter Jones, Paris.550 Harold C. Hill, Paris, R. F.D. 4.574 James H. Rankin, Paris, R.F. D. 4.31 Christopher M. Berry, Paris.1432 Stanley Vaughn, Cynthiana.981 Thos. Spence, Paris, Rt. 2.981 Thomas Spence, Paris.MccormickmowersHave Stood.i7rIV.&'iTlfvV-a. ." 5".' L2 -v: v7'x x .''!.. '"SSbrfi(KKWSBaBsiKeBSMJHBSHBH2EafJ3Sa!3rKyist-.oi iiK!rrT r -air J.-E-iumyi,tfvJmiii a ' v ztui? J sm m .t3' v irr:.--ii&&3y&&&&rP!&3!- j :--.-. -i -.r-w ir - "- ar c r-var iii d r 6ij mmz out' . ta t T.rjtM.i A'rii- 'iGet a McCormickAnd You'll Have The BestWE HAVE A LARGE STOCKC. I Ball GarageCor. Fourth and Pleasant Sti.770 Royland R. Carmichael, ParisR. F. D. 3.882 Lawrence Raymer Jones.North Middletown. -677 James Ed." Berry, Paris.749 John W. Sargent, North Middletown. 1509 Teddy Shannon, Paris, Rt. 4.1211 James Toohey, Paris.525 Hargis H. Bonta, Millersburg.1417 Straudie Rison, Cynthiana.760 Grover C. Williams, Paris.183 Ghent B. Wilson, Paris.56 Hugh demons, Paris.1276 Noah Lee Lykins, Georgetown. 792 John Mack, Paris, Route 2.5 Charles B. Dickeison, Paris.Paris.350 Robert E. Cain, Paris.54 John Collier, Paris.S70 Joe Hedges, North Middletown. 549 Richard Henson, Paris, Route5.1132 John Gray, Muir.440 Logan Ayres, Paris14 85 James Laughlin, Paris, Route; 6.j 74 Hiram Luther Grinnell, Paris.I 741 Ora Allen Hankin, Carlisle.11054 Henry C. Roe, Escondida.1 1275 Nathan Bayless Linville,, Paris, Route 6.711 Walter Ray Hanley, Carlisle.1022 Nathan Fight, Escondida.841 William Carmine, Paris.638 Earl Plummer, Paris, Route 5.1032 James Holman, Escondida.623 William Thomas Jolly, Millersburg. 269 Morton Cecil Colliver, Paris.685 Theodore Carter, Carlisle.1141 George Mitchell, Chilesburg.1314 Isaiah Downey, Paris.1016 Adam Dudley, Clintonville.335 Dennis Allen, Paris.1430 Perry Thomas, Paris, Route 5.493 E.. T. Proctor, Paris.1358 Colonel Webb, Paris.923 John Stigall, Paris, Route 2.1305 William Wilson, Paris, Rt. 7.341 William Riley Biickner, Paris.1007 Forrest Buchanan, Hutchison. 391 William Letton, Paris.3 366' Ollie Carter, Paris.353 James S. Cantrill, Paris.970 James B. McBride, Elizabethtown. 637 William C. Perrin, Millersburg. 360 Robert M. Delaney, Paris.1217 Elza Woosley, Paris.571 Leslie Ritchie, Millersburg.488 Herman McCarty, Paris.704 Henry Clay Guthrie, Sharpsburg. 72 Albert H. Ginter, Paris.356 James Edward Cain, Paris.112 Jesse Masden, Paris.1067 Lucien Terrell, Clintonville.128 Leo McKenney, Paris.679 Owen Esly Banta, Paris.805 Arthur Russell, Paris, Rt. 2.11 Edward Warneld Fithian,Paris.900 Walter Stephenson Meng,Paris, Ruto 2.363 Jeff C. Elgin, Paris.1287 Dempsie Carl Poe, Paris Rt. 7.1142 Ulysses G. Munday, Paris,Route 8.6 Ireland Davis, Paris.(iThe Testm2zm&&&GlennieBruceMorelandnParis.'ft"664 Robert Lee Blevins, Sharpsburg. ' r93 Washington Jackson, Paris.1148 Clyde B. 'Rice, Hutchison.957 William Feilds, Paris.1112 William Durram Smart,Paris, Route 1.345 Laurie Buckhalter, Paris.13.55 James Clay Ward, Paris.103 Harry W. Linville, Paris.1121 Geo. O. Blackerby, Chilesburg,Route 1.1102 Will Myers, Paris.556 Robert M. Johnson, Millersburg. 154 John R. Roche, Paris.1281 Omar Mattingly, Paris, Rt. 8.51 Barney Cavanaugh, Paris.717 John Hall, Carlisle.1057 Geo. Stoker, Hutchison.1256 Henry Franklin Holoway,Paris, Route 7.1073 William Henry Wilson, Paris,Route 1.30 Will S. Arnsparger, Paris.199 Robert Crawford, Paris.388 Edward Douglas Kellis, Paris.1423 Reese Stith, Paris, Route 5.773 Edgar Williams Dodge, Paris,Route 1.608 Albert Frederick, Carlisle,Route 1.406 Thomas Emmett McDonald,Paris.519 Charles O. Wilmott, Paris.25 Martin Turner, Paris.392 Ora Harvey Smith, Paris.889 Julius Victor, Paris, Route 5.383 William Henry Johnson, Paris.1166 Madison Breeze, Paris.588 Clarence P. Wasson, Millersburg.Garrett Evans, North Middletown. Willie Frank Guthrie, Sharps-856-705-burg.1346 Herbert Perkins, Paris.576 Thornton E. Rigdon, Millersburg. 94 4 Geo. Christophernson, Paris,Route 2.122 Ed. McCarthy, Paris.642 Lee Roe, Paris, Route 3.939 Robert Graham Young, Paris,Route 2.222 Alex. M. Keller, Paris.906 Robert Stone McCray, NorthMiddletown.1337-7 Lewis Kellis, Paris.700 Norman Earl Fleming,Shrapsburg.1250 Robert Givins, Paris, Rt. 7.1195 Roy H. Lovll, Paris.295 Robert Lapsley Lusk, Paris.321 Ollie M. Snapp,, Paris.736 Charles Clay Prather, Carlisle.707 Louie Griney, Carlisle.1425 Edgar Shanks, Paris, Rt. 5.1002 George C. Beasley, Clintonville. 1151 Harrold W. Snell, Paris, Rt. 8.1101 Henry Myers, Paris.368 Thos. Calvert Green, Paris.974 Strawther Prewitt, Paris.320 Henry R. Smith, Paris.950 James Clay, Paris, Route 2.926 William Ernest Tutt, NorthMiddletown.1010 John Christopherson, Austerlitz. 919 Dave Stephenson, North Middletown. 656 Samuel Florence Wagoner,iaris, itoute z. t1339 James Thompson Kenton,Paris.814 Samuel Lee Smock, Paris,Route 2.1175 Robert Feddars, Paris.1070 Clark Wellington Thomas,Clintonville.738 Wm. Harrison Prather, Paris.1167 Ollie Breeze, Paris.1097 Thos. Martin Jackson, Paris,Route 1.1191 Sherman Lewis, Paris.1234 Lee Chinn, Cynthiana, Rt. 7.1360 Stanhope Wiedemann, Paris.848 William Collins, North Middletown. 118 William Barton, Hutchison.121 -Jesse Wood McKee, Paris.221 Franklin Johnson, Paris.1537 Robert Thompson Doty, Paris.1474 Wyatt Green, Paris.1414 Ed. McCarthy, Shawhan.DOING GOOD.Few medicines have met withmore favor or accomplished moregood than Chamberlain's Colic andDiarrhoea Remedy. John F. Jantzen,Delmeny, Sask., says of it, "I haveused Chamberlain's Colic and Diarrhoea Remedy myself and in myfamily, and can recommend it as. being an exceptionally fine preparation." (adv-july)ProtectYour EyesFrom the heat and dust withour Goggles and Shades!o'lWe have a complete assortment. Don't triflewith your eyesight. Itis the most valuablegift of nature. For firstclass' service, see usWe Fit WhereOthers FailFRYE & FRANKLINDOCTORS OF OPTOMETRYDow Bldg., opp. Windsor Hotel327-IMWlWWlfWBWllMIWMllllMlMWGEO. D. SPEAKEof ParisLetassessor or ii n"True and Tried DEMOCRATS"Neither of whom ever BOLTED the Democraticticket, nor ACCUSED of such. Your suooortwill be appreciated.4VoteII b h h'H HH h h p hh H B"lVlflUUli iilGUIIIUUPOLICE JUDGEv OP PARISHe's Thet ' W "$ ijnc vm rThe WinnersAND-IdCANDIDATES FORBOTHHMffHHHHtMHifftltMtHm(TomorrowFORFORMan To take Careof the JobLEE R. CRAVENof Little RockCRAY EN2:,:?: -i ,t- ,. ?'FRIDAY, AUGUST 3, 1917.IS MR. CAYWOOD COMPETENT?(Continued from Page 1.)liberty to quote, is grammatically incorrect. Now look at this sentence:"I will not knowingly say anythingof any candidate's chance of successwho "are' running in any of theother races ofthis primary nor utteran untruth about opponents in thisrace."This error of using "are" insteadof "is" is too glaring to need comment.. In the revised "edition" hecorrected this but not until hehad given out a great many ofthese leaflets containing theerror. This leaflet was printed exactly as he wrote it.In the same paragraph with theabove occurs the following:" I believe and always have believed, that a primary is the fairestmanner of expressing the voter's willas to "whom" should be the standard bearers of the party."Here he makes the unpardonableerror of using "whom" instead of"who," with the belief, no doubt,that the pronoun in this sentencemust be the object of the preposition"to," thus leaving the verb "shouldbe" without a subject. The pronounmust be in the nominative case togovern the verb "should be," andthe object of the preposition "to" istne objective or propositional clausevhich follows the pronoun.The next quotation embodies nogrammatical error, but only a lack ofinformation as to the meaning of avord which a candidate for SchoolSuperintendent should not show:"I believe that democracy is thegreatest word in the English language when its meaning is taken literally (equal rights to all and specialprivileges to none.)"The word democracy is a Greekderivative, compounded of the twoGreek words "demos" (people) andJcratein (to rule,) "When taken literally'7 it means" ''the rule of the people." The use of the "parenthesis indicates that Mr. Caywood thinks the Iliteral meaning of the word is "Equalrights to all and special privileges tonone," that this parenthetical phraseand the word "democracy" are synonymous just as the word "people" inthe parenthsis above means thesame thing as the word "demos" orthe word "kratein" the same thingas the words "to rule." If he did notmean that the words in the paranthesis express the "literal" meaning ofthe word "democracy" he does notunderstand the use of the parenthfesis in such a connection.Oil the outside of all his leafletslie has this sentence?"I have an abiding and perfectconfidence In the integrity, fairnessand patriotism of our people and Iplace my candidacy without fear inyouf hands."Of course he means "their" Hands,but in all the corrected and revisededitions "of this leaflet he has retained this error, which no educated manvould ever have written, much lessretained after revising.All the errors mentioned exceptthe two which were corrected in therevised "edition" have been retainedas orginally written and may be seenin any,of the folders he has distributed during his candidacy. It is inconceivable that a person who wouldmake so many and such glaring erjors in so small a space could seriously be thought of as a proper person to be placed at the head of theschools of Bourbon County. True,his pitiful crippled condition mustmove the compassion of every generous soul. It is unbelievable that anyone is so heartless as to look at himand not pity him, and the writerdeeply regrets the necessity whichcompels him to oppose his nominationto this office. But there is a publicduty which transcends any man's private feelings. The education of thechildren of the county is almost thevery highest interest in the county.In fact I know of none I would placeabove it. We must guard that interest carefully. It is too great andimportant to be trifled with, and wewould be traitors to our children ifwe turned over the supervision oftheir instruction to one who is notqualified to discharge that importantduty. We have a superintendentwhose efficiency and competency noone ever has questioned.Would it not be the acme of folly toexchange her for one whose incompetency, judged by his own writtenwords, is so conspicuous?A FRIEND OF THE SCHOOLS.THE BOURBON NEW& PARIS, M.PAGE THREVSOCIAL AND PERSONAL.Coinings and Goings of OurPeople Here, There andElsewhere.Mr- Withers Davis and Mr. Wm.Taylor have returned from a trip toNew York and the East.Mrs. William Cooper is entertaing her cousin, Miss HenriettaMorrison, of Nicholasvilie.Rev. H. B. Smith and family,of Marshall, Mo., are guests of Mrs.R. M. Harris, on Pleasant street.Misses Cora and Bruce Farleyguests of Mrs. Roy Turner, have returned to their home in nhiipchunrKy. to'Mr. and Mrs. Wyatt Thompsonare entertaining Miss Mabel Adair,of Georgetown, at their home on Htehstreet.Mr- and Mrs. James Tooheyhave asv guests Misses Annie Norrisiuu iuary junzaoetn McCarthy ofChicago.Mrs. Jesse Turney attended thefuneral of her relative, Mr. LawrenceWhite, of Frankfort, in Mt. SterlingWednesday. 'Mrs. Isaac Shievline and' MrsBert Walfried, of Tarentum, Pa., areguests oi .Mr. ana Mrs. Wm. Schrotein this city.Mr. and Mrs. Aden Botkin havereturned to their home near Escondida, after a pleasant visit to relatives in Cincinnati.Mrs. Howard B. Cair and littleson have gone to Harlan, -Ky., to joinMr. Carr, who is in the employ of amercantile firm there.Mr. Michael Shannon has returned to his home in Louisville after avisit to his brother, Mr. J. T. Shannon, on the Redmon pike, near thiscity.Miss Mayme Stivers left Tuesdayfor Camp Daniel Boone, on the Kentucky river to join the Paris and-Dumyou county ueiega.tion in campthere.ner. Mrs. James Faulkner accompanied the party as chaperone.Miss Marguerite Doyle is a guestof Lexington friends.Miss Iva D. McCarney is a guestof friends in Mt. Sterling.Miss Mary Ross is a guest offriends and relatives in Cincinnati.Mrs. L. -M. Tribble returnedTuseday from a visit to her sister inManchester, Ohio.(Other Personals on Page 5.)lsa te usREVENUE ASSIGNMENTS.The following: assiernmpntq forBourbon county have been made byCollector Percy Haley, in regular1lists of revenue assignments for August: No. 77 Julius Kessler e& Co.,Co., Paris: J. A. Logan, storekeeperguager in charge; J. A. Breslin, additional.For Rent.Three-room flat,, with bathHome Phone 202 or apply atBUSY BEE CASH STORE.CallFOR SALEA good 6-year-old gelding". Gooddriver, perfectly gentle, not afraid ofanything. Will stand without hitching. Can be bought at a bargain.E. M. WHEELER,(22-tf) Eighth and Main, Paris, Ky.For Sale.i::iiTWO CAPABLE MENWho Will Make Efficient Officers!WaterCamBorn and Raised in Bourbon CountyA Democrat All His LifemfeisCATARRHAL DEAPNESS CANNOTBE CUBEDby local applications, as they cannotreach the diseased portion of the ear.There is only one way to cure catarrhal deafness, and that is by constitutional remedy. Catarrhal deafness is caused by an inflamed condition of the mucous lining of theEustachian. Tube. When the tube isinflamed you have a rumbling soundor imperfect hearing, and when it isentirely closed, deafness is the result.Unless the inflammation can bereduced and this tube restored to itsnormal condition, hearing will bedestroyed forever. Many cases ofdeafness are caused by catarrh, whichis an inflamed condition of the mucous surfaces. Hall's Catarrh Medicine acts through the blood on themucous surfaces of the system.We give One Hundred Dollars forany case of Catarrhal Deafness thatcannot be cured by Hall's CatarrhMedicine. Circulars free. All Druggists, 75c.F. J. CHENEY & CO.,Toledo, Ohio.(adv-july)discouraged ,:IT JZ7Z,-tA'nr rfocDOIinent it is tVQUb, iiicu, wwliir-rilfiVjpfBPf!WPsign you neeaitv iw. ; -sj They renew the normal vigor ajylsorePILLSmake liferorth Hvujf.-eireBiic totwuuus mKLco. ..&-01CRDORFER, The DruffllstMiss Julia C. Taylor has arrivedfrom Grand Junction, Colorado, foran extended visit to her sister, Mrs.Walter Tate, and Mr, Tate, at theirhome near Shawhan.Mrs. Henry A. Power and daughter, Miss Sara Power, are attendingthe camp-meeting in progress at theKavanaiigh Camp Grounds, betweenLouisville and Frankfort.Mrs. Albert Curry, of Paris, whohas, been visiting her parents, Mr.and Mrs. J. W. Wheeler, in Winchester, is reported to be quite ill froman attack of typhoid fever,Dr. Martha Petree left Tuesdayfor Columbus, Ohio, where she attended the National Convention ofOsteopaths, Dr. Petree will be absent from her office until Aug. 9.Dr. H. M. Hamilton, CountyLivestock Inspector, underwent asuccessful surgical operation of aminor nature at the Massie Memorial Hospital, in this city, Tuesday.Miss Emma Fisher, of Cynthiana, and Media and Bettie Adams,of Latonia, have returned to theirhomes after a visit to Mr. and Mrs.C. M. Cleveland, at their home onthe Georgetown pike, near Paris.Mrs. M. E. Hutchcraft and MissMargaret Stanard, of Millersburg,guests of Mrs. R. M. Harris andMiss Anna Hutchcraft, on Pleasantstreet, will leave this week for a visitto relatives in Pueblo, Colorado.Mr. and Mrs. Wm. F. Jackson,of Boston, Mass., who have beenguests of Mrs. R. M. Harris, onPleasant street, left Wednesday for apleasure trip to Seattle, San Francisco and other Pacific' Coast cities.Mrs. M. G. Thomson and daughter, Miss Catherine Thomson, former Parisians, now of Hamilton College, in Lexington, have taken roomsand board for several weeks withMrs. Alice Ware, at her home onCypress street.Mr. Charles B. Nelson, Mrs.Nelson and their little son, Chas.B. Nelson, have returned to theirhome in Winchester after a visit toMr. and Mrs. R. L. Wilson. Mr.Nelson is editor and publisher of theWinchester Daily Democrat.Mr. W. E. Parker, Jr., of Cincinnati, manager of the Ohio-Valleybranches of the Pittsburg Plate GlassWorks, motored to Paris? Tuesdayfrom Lexington and Frankfort. Mr.Parker was a guest of his businessrepresentative, Mr. Chas. R. Hill,who is recuperating at the home ofhis sister, MrsL. B. Purnell.Miss Martha Rymell, who hasbeen visiting her sister, Miss Elizabeth Rymell, for the past threeweeks, left Tuesday for her home inKansas City. Miss Rymell is a buyer for the wholesale firm of Emery,Bird & Co., in Kansas City. Shewill leave for New York next weekto spend some time making purchasesfor her firm.Mrs. James F. Golden, of Logansport, Ind., and Miss Mayme Fitzgerald, of Carlisle, were in Paris, Tuesday to say goodbye to their brother,Mr. Wm. Fitzgerald, of the Peoples'Pharmacy. Mr. Fitzgerald left Wednesday for San Francisco, Cali., wherehe was ordered to report for duty asa member of the Medical ReserveCorps of the United States Navy.Mrs. Durand Whipple, of LittleRock, Ark., who is visiting her parents, Mr. and Mrs. E. M. Dickson,was the guest of honor at a dinnerparty given at the Country Club nearLexington, by Miss Carolyn Roseberry, of Paris. The table was beautifully decorated with pink carnations and snapdragons. The guestswere Mrs. Whipple, Mr. and Mrs.John F. Davis, Mr. and Mrs. OscarT. Hinton, Miss Elizabeth Steele,Messrs. Charlton Clay, John Krienerand James G. Metcalfe, Jr., all ofParis.Miss Mildred Lisle, the attractivedaughter of Mr. and Mrs. D. C. Lisle,of near Paris, entertained a party ofher young friends with a swimmingparty at Johnson's Mill. A delightfulpicnic lunch was served, after whichthe -party came to Paris and attendedthe "movie" shows at the Alamo andParis Grand. The members of theparty were Misses Pauline Hinkle,Lorine McDonald, Jeanne FaulknerMildred Lisle, Jane Logan, NannetteWallingforS; Messrs. John Lenihau,Omar Faulkner, McShane Shropshire,Daum Webber and Raymond Faulk -Several used automobiles. These"cars are all in good condition and canbe bought right for cash.jDICKERSON & DOUGLAS GARAGE.(3-tf)LOST.At the L. & N. Tenth Street passenger station in Paris, or on thestreets of Paris, a silver mesh bagcontaining two tickets to Maysville,a ring, a photo of a young girl, and$2 in currency. Finder please returnto this office and receive reward.Scrap Iron Wanted.1 am paying fifty cents per hundredfor all kinds of scrap iron. Not lessthan 1,000 pounds. This material canbe weighed at any city scales. This Ito be relivered to the cars on the LouIsville & Nashville tracks, oppositthe freight depot.Call us over the Cumberland 'phon347-J.MAX MUNICH,Eighth Street, Paris, Ky.(oct20-lyr)IJohn,mmA Resident of North Middletown, a SubstantialFarmer and Business ManThey Want to BeASSESSORof .Bourbon Countyand'politely ask the voters for their, support. This is oneof the most important of fiefcs in the gift of the people.These gentlemen think they can fill it. They are "TRUEand TRIED' and not professional office-seekers.fr4'4''I'4,'I'''I'4'4,4"l,4,4''I"I"I''I''I'',''M,,'I,4'4''4,4,4wi',,l' 'H,'!"ftfr,l"H,'M',M''4"M'' ii 1' I T ri ! 1 1 1 1 1 H-EL4 y'&lMI CC ?WHEELER'S BIGSpecial Cash SaltNOW GOING ONI0l 4&;jfjfo IU3-Burner, $19.00tjJG$4.00 Boss Oven25 PER CENT. OFFALL SUMMER GOODSSuch as Refrigerators, Ice BoxesPorch Furniture,Oil Stoves,OvensrPorch Rugs, 6x9 Rattinnia $6.009x12 Brussels Rugs $15.00 up to $22.009x12 Axminster Rugs $32.00 up to $45.00Bedroom Suits 20 per cent off .$25.00 up to $100.00Genuine Quartered Sawed Oak $100.00 CircassianWalnut Suit $80.00Red Gum Suit $60.00Imitation- Quartered Suit, Oak $25.00Dining Room Furniture 20 PerCent. Off.1 54-inch Top Table, Oak r $35.00160-inch Buffet, Oak $48.001 China Closet, Oak, 3 mirrors in back $48.001 Fumed Oak Pedestal Table, 45-inch top $28.001 Fumed Oak 60-irich Buffet $27.50ServingTable to match '. $10.001 Fumed Oak China Closet $27.50We have Chairs to match in Fumed Oak:at. . v . .-. .$2.75THIS IS ALL QUEEN ANNE STYLE.Come At Once andPick.l fl Wmm3. -k-;v5- u$2.75.Eighth and Main Sts.RobneelBuiliing.niiiiiiiiiiiiii iii iiiii iiiiiiiiiiiiinniiiiiiiiiMiiiiMiiiiiiiniiimittniniiiinmin.REFRIGERATORS!$9.35- Bill II ill!) 3113lit I- '."'-s - 12-in. Post, $9.00:'"$28.00,v:c21 3THE BOURBON NEWS, PARIS, KY.frXGE FOPBFRIDAY, AUGUST 3, 1917.The Bourbon NewsEstablished 188136 Years of Contlnions Publication.Bublished Every Tuesday and Friday.Per Year... $2.00 Six Months. ..$1.00Payable in Advance.7 WIFT CHAMP, Editor and OwnerEntered at the Paris, Kentucky,Postoffice as Mail Matter of theSecond Class.)THE PMMAEY ELECTIONTo-morrow Saturday, Aug. 4, willbe a day -of fear and trembling forsome, and a day of rejoicing for some.The Democratic primary election,which has been on the way for several montks, will by that time be under way, irhd the voters of the cityand county will be exercising theright of suffrage at the polls.Voters are not eligible to vote ina party primary unless they are bonafide members of that party and registered as such. Republicans cannotvote for Democratic nominations inthe primary to be held to-morrow."Women have the right .to vote inthe race for County Superintendentof Schools and there are indicationsthat a goodly number will take adVantage of the opportunity. The women of Paris cannot vote unless theyhave been duly registered, and quitea number of them have registered.The women outside of the city arenot required to register, and any ofthem who desire to vote can do so. Asa nomination is equivalent to an election the voters to-morrow should bevery careful as to their choice.According to law a party is entitled to ballots in the primaries provided that in the last general election it -polled as many as twenty percent, of the total vote. Only Republican and Democratic parties are eligible, .as the Progressives of 1912 arepractically nil in this State, and theothers polled only a scattered vote inthe State.Let every man go to the polls andvote as his conscience and best interests dictate. He owes no man anything else in a political way.The ballots for the election weredelivered to County Clerk Paton,Wednesday, afternoon.Voters are warned not to leave anyblank spaces on the ballot where acandidate has no opposition, as hemust qualify for the nomination.I BOYS WILL BE URGED TO FETISH.EUUUATIUJN!.Returning to Frankfort from themeeting' of the National SecurityLeague in New York, State Superintendent of Public Instruction V. 0.Gilbert said that two policies weredecided on at the meeting of vast importance to the State. The first isthat the young men of the nationwho are in high schools and collegeswill be encouraged to remain inschool until they have completetheir courses. The reason assignedis that the United States needs theservices of well educated men andwomen now more than ever before.The second policy is that all schoolsof the State and nation shall bebrought int6 hearty co-operation for.the purpose of educating the childrenin schools as to what are the realneeds of the nation, such as the saving and producing of foodstuffs.Speakers will be furnished by theleague upon request for any part ofthe .State, at the expense of theleague.PafelSBUY NOW.Plenty of shingles in stock; buynow before the advance.BOURBON LUMBER CO.,(4aug-2t) Both phones.J 1Tobacco Hail Insurance.Thomas, Woodford & Bryan.?ENTRIES FOR SADDLE COLTSTAKE AT STATE FAIRfofr.111! M11IK1 If ! IH-H4I 1 lil I llt tH IIA BEAVER'S REBUKE.. The late Richard Harding Daviswas a great believer in work. Immediately after breakfast, refusing tosmoke a cigar, refusing to, glance atthe morning paper, he would shuthimself up and work like a beaver.Entertaining at his West Chesterhome a rather lazy artist, Mr. Davissaid to him one day:" 'You're just like a girl I know,"iou dream your work instead of doing it.'" 'Do you know a girl like that?'said the artist eagerly. 'I wish you'dintroduce me to her. We ought to becongenial.'" 'Yes, indeed,' said Mr. Davis,'you'd make a spendid couple. Youcould keep yourself everlastinglybusy illustrating the stories shedoesn't write with the pictures youdon't paint.' "3 U3 ISATTENTION. VOTERS !The polling booths in the variouscity and county precincts will openat six o'clock to-morrow (Saturday)morning and will close at four o'clockp. m. Vote early, but be sure to votein the primary.fe fe iqSHINGLES.Now is the time to recover thoseold buildings.BOURBON LUMBER CO.,(4aug-2t) Both phones.151 ft teGOING SOME IS THIS DOMINICANTRANSLATION!Nominations for the Saddle Colt!Stakes at the Kentucky State Fair!which will be held in Louisville theweek of September 10, have beenannounced by Matt S. Cohen, memberin charge of the horse department.In the list appears the following fromBourbon:A. G-. Jones & Sons, North Middletown, ch. c, by Bourbon King damMargaret Weissinger by Chester Dare.In the nominations for stake forsaddle-bred foals, filly division, is thefollowing from Bourbon:A. G-. Jones & Sons, North Middletown, b. f., by Bourbon King CiclyDare, by Chester Dare.In the nominations for stake forsaddle-bred foals, colt division, arethe following Bourbon entries:A. G. Jones & Sons, North Middletown, ch. c, by Bourbon King,dam Margaret Weissinger, by ChesterDare.A. G. Jones & Sons, North Middletown, ch. c, by Bourbon King, damPolly Gay, by Highland Gay.la la s 'Vote for W. 0. Hinton, a man discreet in language and conduct.NOTICE.All parties indebted to me arerequested to plase call and settle ATONCE. Our goods are sold on closemargin and our profits are small.Our bills are due in. 30 days and mustbe paid. If you owe. us you MUSTpay NOW, as we need the money. Allbill not settled before- August 1 willbe placed in the hands of our attorney for collection, with instructionto collect or bring suit on same.MRS. CORNE BAIRD.(27-3t)pa i jMISS BRUER TO TAKE CHARGE OFDORMITORY.Pa t tsW. 0. Hinton has faith, in Paris.He never knocks. He is the man forMayor.Ts fe fcaWILL IT EVER STOP ?Residents of Pleasant street areanxiously wondering if the unnecessary noise campaign will ever reachParis. Pleasant street has literallybecome a speedway for speedmaniacs.Vigorous complaints and protestshave been voiced by THE NEWS re-Jgarding automobile speeding on thatthoroughfare, but there seems to beno recourse. At night between thehours of nine and midnight theoffenders are particularly active.It is alleged that in many instances these autoists have proceededquitely along certain parts of Pleasant street until in the vicinity ofcertain residences whose occupantshave been known to complain of theunnecessary noise. Then pandemonium would break loose. The autoists would open wide the mufflers oftheir machines and dash along thestreet waking everybody within hearing distance.One citizen who voiced his grievance In no complimentary language,was informed by one of the autoiststhat he ought to move to the country.Is there no recourse?PAINTAt Less than PresentWholesale Cost!To close out about $150 worthof strictly first class paint weoffer:1-gallon cansat i 1Half-gallon cansatQuart cansat :Pint cansat$2.00$1.0050c25cAll Varnishes and Stains atEqual Reductions.BusyBeeCashStoreTftt Start Far Daily Bargains' 'The following translation of a society item from the Spanish newspaper, El Progresso, of La Vega, Dominican Republic, reads like the first effort of a correspondence-school-of-journalismgraduate:"On Wednesday night at the housewarming of Messrs. Godoy, Jr., thefeminine element was well known.Precious flowers were the MissesGodoy, always sweet, spiritual andpretty. Hope Bereyra, the most famous beauty in this vicinity; Cristina Godoy, the reserved, good andinnocent ideal; Stella Pereyra, sweetand sentimental; Rose Godoy, graceful and noble muse of sincerity; Hectora Carcia, the affable violet; MaryPortalatin, sweet, sincere, tender andgentle; America Moya, queen of sympathy and enchantment; Cossetta, always angelical, beautiful and graceful. "The. conclusion of the reunion leftour minds in a state of aristocraticpleasure and of happiness, spiritual,rare and lovable."FLOUR GOING UP.Look out for higher prices in .flour.Best ,flour, wood barrel $13.75; 24pound sack, $1.70; best cane sugar,25 pounds $2.35; best cane sugar,100 pounds, $9.40.FARMERS' SUPPLY CO., , ) J5l J5SPEOGRAM BOOK OF LEXINGTONPAIS. OUT.Mr. James P. Ross, racing secretary, has announced the program forthe first three of the six days of theBlue Grass Fair, which will be heldin Lexington next week.There will be three races daily.The feature of the meeting will bethe Blue Grass Handicap, $500, forthree-year-olds and upwards, onemile and one-sixteenth, entries closenext Tuesday and weights and acceptances on Wednesday.m ?a 153B-4 FIREInsure with. v.N W.O. HINTON & SON,Agtsfe Hi fePIRE CAUSES BIG LOSS.A loss of several thousand dollarswas caused by a fire in Poole, eightmiles west of Sebree, Ky., whereCrowley Brothers' garage and Prentice Meltons store burned. Eightautomobiles, a' big stock of accessories, tools, etc., were destroyed. Therewas no insurance on the building andonly one of the cars was insured.The building, owned by S. W- Royster, and valued at $1,00.0, was insured for $400.m 1 to -WILLOUGHBY IMPROVING. "Oscar Willoughby. of near Old Union, who was shot in the neck hyWill Henry Harp, Saturday nieht.tRed Cross ice cream supper given atthe Hill School House, is improvingat. thfi Mn?sif TVTpmrtrfnl TTnontfalI Willoughby was brought to the instiltution on Sunday morning followingtne snooting. Harp is still at large.The Winchester Daily Sun has thefollowing regarding Miss Louie Bruer, of Paris, who will soon become aresident of Winchester:"Miss Louie Bruer, of Paris, is inWinchester preparatory to takingcharge of the girl's dormitory atKentucky Wesleyan College duringthe coming winter. The dormitoryis being constructed at the presenttime and promises to be a very beautiful and complete building with allmodern conveniences for the comfortand pleasure of the girls."Miss Bruer will be with Dr. andMrs. J. J. Clark until the buildingis completed and the college considsiders itself very fortunate to havebeen able to secure her services."te te teVote for W. 0. Hinton on his cleanrecord.SUMMER GOODS.Big bargains in lawn mowers,lawn hose, porch and lawn swings,ice cream freezers.FARMERS' SUPPLY CO.THE OFFICE OF MAYORShould Be Bestowed for Qualifications,Not For Prejudice!The Qualifications Should be Real Not Imaginary.They Should Be:PUBLIC EXPERIENCE .BUSINESS ABILITYCAREFUL MANAGEMENT SOBER JUDGMENTSINCERE PURPOSE PROGRESSIVE SPIRITFAIR-MINDEDNESS BROAD-MINDEDNESSAND CONSIDERATION FOR THOSE TO BE SERVEDpM jjp jflFor Sale.A Pierce-Arrow limousine andtouring body. Apply to 168 NorthBroadway, Lexington, Ky. Phone,1803. (3-2t)W. 0. HINTCAN MEET THESE REQUIREMENTSand can be depended on to do the right thing, to make no rashpromises, and to gain the respect of the community. He hasalways lived in Paris and has her best interest at heart, andhas always voted the Democratic ticket. The open record of hislife is his testimony of his worthiness.VOTE FORW. O. HINTONFOR MAYOR4M' '! U'W WWW ! H 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 t fKHtti I' HH H H' 1 Iff HI 1 IMH ltii )FOR RENT.Beautiful brick cottage on Highstreet. All pnodern improvements.(3-3t) THE FAIR.Lost PurseBetween Nineteenth and Twelfthstreet. Contained a railroad pass,some small change and a few cardswith name of owner on same NoraRourke. Finder please leave atNEWS office. ' (It)t4 144"M 4 A AAA A A 4 C H '!We know you will wantto take advantage ofthis special sale ofPoundPaperThis consists of the vervJ best lawn and linen stationery, and we are featur-X ing it for one week only.Usual price 50c.This week35cX Envelopes to match at 10c XI per package of 25.j ; Brooks & Snapp ::; Drug CompanyTh PENSLAR Stort IIMB,VOTER!If you had the placing of a position and five men wouldapply four of them having absolutely no experience orknowledge concerning the requirements of the positionapplied for and the fifth having worked at the trade for tenyears all agreeing to work for the same wages whichone would you hire?Of Course, You Would !Then Vote ForP. A. THOMPSON- ;S'ft..For Police JudaeCompetentExperienced-Qualified i.l.I.M.....,,M.TTnnjiFRIDAY, AUGUST 3, 1917.THE BOURBON NEWS, PARIS, KY.PAGE FITU&0jj)FOR THE BESTNOTHING ELSESOCIAL AND PERSONAL.Comings and Goings of OurPeople Here, There andElsewhere.-Miss Sallie Whaley is visitinz-Vote for Square Deal Mitchell for her sister, Mrs. Hoffman Wood, inPolice Judge.3 155 3(adv)Vote for Wm. Grannan forCounty Attorney tomorrow.fe fe E3LEASES HOME.Mt. Sterling.Mr. James Engleman, of the A.J. Winters Co., made a business tripto Cincinnati yesterday.Mrs. Katherine Davis Craig hasleturned from a visit to Miss, MaryHerndon, in Georgetown.Mrs. Fay Ardery and children,Dr. D. B. Anderson has leased of .a.re Suests of her mother, Mrs. BesDr. Frank P. Campbell the home on i B1C 1IineiJ m GeorgetownHigh street recently purchased byDr. Campbell of' Mrs. Thomas McLaughlin, and will move to it thisweek. Dr Anderson closed the leasefor a term of five years.Ea ISHEY3 THERE, BEN!The Lexington Leader's "Notes ofthe Traveling Men" says:"One of our members proved himself a hero last Sunday at Boonesboro. Ben 'Crackers' Downey, atgreat personal risk, saved a batherfrom drowning and the travelingmen will see that he bets a medal."fe 15 ISAUTO SUPPLIES.Everything you need for your automobile tires, inner-tubes patches,tire plasters, outside protectionpatches. Our special auto oil for alimited time, for 40c gallon.FARMERS' SUPPLY CO.153 1E3 iaTALENTED GIRL'S FIRST STORYACCEPTED.Honors in a literary way have cometc Miss Anna May Young, aged thirteen, daughter of Mrs. Etta RedmonYoung, of near Paris.A story for children, written byMiss Young, which had been sent to aliterary bureau in New York sometime ago, was accepted by the NewYork Children's Story Bureau. Thestory is said to be remarkably cleverone, showing the young author to bepossessed of unusual talent.1 Pa SaMELONS RECEIVED TO-DAY.Fresh shipment of watermelons and ( guests.Mr. and Mrs. Charles "Mnlr nrrived from Kansas City, Mo., Wednesday for a visit to relatives in thiscity.Mr. and Mrs. Allen Downard, ofnear Paris, have as guests MissesIrene Downing, Lucy Hardesty andCarolyn Bronston, of Lexington.Misses Cordelia Stephenson andElizabeth Buchanan, of near Paris,are visiting Mr. and Mrs. Walter Gibson, at Cumberland Gap, Tenn.Mr. and Mrs. John J. Williamshave returned from a visit to Mrs.Williams' sisters, Mrs. James Nealand Mrs. Vernon Leer, in Richmond.Mrs. J. M. Williams will leave today for a three-weeks' automobiletour to points of interest along theroute of the projected Dixie Highway.Mr. and Mrs. James R. Thompson have returned to their home inCovington, after a visit to Mr. andMrs. P. A. Thompson, on StonerAvenue.Mr. and Mrs. Reynolds Letton,Mr. and Mrs. Letton Vimont, and Mr.and Mrs. J. T. Jefferson, have returned from a sojourn at Crab Orchard Springs.Miss Anna Louise White, ofParis, and her guest, Mi?s Anna BelleHall, of Maysville, attended the annual dance given in Mt. Sterling1 during the Montgomery county fair.Mr. and Mrs. Harry Waller, whohave been making their home inParis for some months, will move toLivingston to reside. Mr. Waller isin the employ of the Louisville &Nashville.Mrs. Graves Sparks, of Paris,was one of the guests at a party given in Blue Grass Park, in Lexington,Tuesday evening, by Mr. and Mrs.William Buttner and Miss LouiseButtner, in honor of their houseELKS TO HELP RAISE BfG WARFUND.Through communications mailedthis week to officers ot the locallodge it was learned that the B. P.O. E. order (Best People On Earth)will play a prominent part in raising a million dollar fund for the relief of American soldiers during he"present war.A special assessment will be madeagainst every Elk in the UnitedStates in order to raise this millioadollars without touching the regularfunds of the order.This million dollar fund will beused in establishing base hospitalsbehind the firing lines, in taking careof the families left behind by thesoldiers, and in aiding disabled mento learn a new trade or profession.The cause is a most worthy one andit is certain, that every member ofParis Lodge No. 373 will lend it fulland hearty co-operation.?3 T TS"KEEN KUTTER.""Keen Kutter" saws, hammers,hatchets and all kind of tools. Everyone of them guaranteed.FARMERS' SUPPLY CO.tsi tri taHE CAN BE TRUSTED.The reason Geo. W. Judy has beenre-elected to office by the Democratsis because he proved himself worthyand efficient. He can be trusted.Yote for him for Jailer to-morrow.(It)teas teg tagTHINGS TO WORRY ABOUTWhile the people of Paris have beensizzling and baking in a temperatureranging from ninety-four to one hundred, frosts have killed garden stuffin and near Spokane, Washington.Oh, merciless and inconsiderateweather man, your vagaries and eccentricities are pats understanding!canteloupes received to-day.(It) t C. P. COOK & CO.fe 153 teVote for W. 0. Hinton for Mayor.He will be fair and just to all alike.REUBENJtESIGNS.The resignation of Hon. ReubenHutchcraft, Jr., Representative fromBourbon county in the Kentucky Legislature has been forwarded to andaccepted by Governor Stanley.Mr. Hutchcfart having been accepted for appointment ac an instructor in the officers' reserve trainingcamp at Ft. Benj. Harrison, nearIndianapolis, felt he could-best servethe country's interest by resigninghis political office.Mr. Hutchcraft also turns over hislaw practice and law lecture couTsein the College of Law to other hands.He was in the first quoto of officers'reserve candidates sent from Lexington to the Indiana camp.is a isNO NEED TO SWELTER.A Palm Beach Suit will make youcool .as a cucumber. Invest $10 inone to-day and be comfortable.J. W. DAVIS & CO.IS IS isBIRTHDAY CELEBRATION.The annual reunion, celebratingthe birthday of Mrs. Sallie Sidener,the olddest member of the congregation of the Old Union churcn, nearthe Bourbon-Fayette line, was apleasant event of last Sunday at herhome in Loradale.Mrs. Sidener's aged brother, Mr. J.W. Hulse, lives with her. Thosepresent on this occasion were herchildren, Mrs. Ira Parks, Mr. Parksand children, and Mrs. Mattie Kingand son, Earl King, of Paris; Mr.Porter Sidener, of Lexington. Otherrelatives present were Mr. and Mrs.Andrew York, and Miss Addie Hulse,of Vermillion, Illinois; Mr. and Mrs.E. R. Parks, of Lexington, and Mrs.Lottie Cowle, of Fayette county.Sl 5l ISREMODELING OF STUDIO.It is with considerable pleasurethat I announce the remodeling ofmy studio with bigger and betterfacilities than ever before, I will continue the making of photographs.(It) A. R. JOHNS.HOT WEATHER CLOTHING.You can get here at $10 a PalmBeach Suit that will keep you coolHot weather shirts, soft collars, athletic union suits.J. W. DAVIS & CO.15B l teHOTTEST WEATHER OF THE SEASON.Three days of 98-degree temperature nrnved the wisdom of the oldsaying," "It's an ill wind that blowsnobody good." Paris citizens havesizzled and sweltered since Saturdayin a heat wave that steadily maintained an average of 98 degrees, andone day going to 100 degrees, with106 degrees in the sun recorded onGovernment thermometers. While thetownpeople fumed and &-ore at thebaking breezeless heat, the Bourbonfarmers were congratulating themselves and thanking their lucky stars.This hot spell is just what is neededto produce a bumper corn crop."This hot spell," said a prominentfarmer to THE NEWS man yesterday, "is the very best thing whichcould happen. It is perfect weatherfor corn. Why, man, you can go outin the country and hear the leavesrustling against each other as theystretch out for more sunshine. Afw mnro-ria.-ire like these, a few rainsand we will have- the finest crop of.corn Bourbon county ever saw. ion't tMmk th hot wetterill hurtThe toHeco any' ,Mr. and Mrs. Clarence Kenney,of Springfield, 111., have arrived inBourbon county after an automobiletrip covering a distance of 452 miles,for a visit to Mr. and Mrs. M. R.Jacoby, at their home near Hutchison. They made the trip in two andone-half days.Mrs. Robert L. Stout, who metwith a severe accident some weeksago by being thrown from a horsenear pnedia, Ky., has about recovered. Mrs. Stout, Judge Stout and Mrs.James E. Pepper left yesterday forAtlantic City to spend theremainderof the season. - xCynthiana Democrat: "MissAnnie Thomas Ewalt, of Paris, is aguest of Mrs. R. H. Conway.Col. and Mrs. C. M. Best, Dr. and Mrs.Smith, Miss Nannie Louise Best andMr. Arthur Best, of Millersburg, andMrs. W. G. McClintock, of Paris,were dinner guests of Dr. and Mrs.I. D. Best, Tuesday evening. Mr.Frank Yearsley, wife and baby, ofBourbon county, spent .Saturday andSunday at the home of Mr. and Mrs.John Yearsley."(Other Personals on Page 3.)3 IS ISPOPULAR RESORT UNDER NEWMANAGEMENT.One of the most popular summerresorts in Kentucky, and one that hasbeen extensively patronized in thepast by Bourbon county people is thefamous Oil Springs, in Clark county.This hot spell of weather has sentmany guests to Oil Springs, where allthat can contribute to the comfort ofthe guests has been done. The wholehouse has been thoroughly renovated,and' new features added to the place,which will tend to make it far moreattractive .than in the past. Thehotel building has been comfortablyfilled since the opening of the season,and bids fair to get more than itsshare of business for the remainder ofthe season.The property is under the management of Mrs. Riffe Hodgkin, of Winchester, a daughter of Mr. Ewell Renaker, of Paris, who will be assisted byMiss Scrivener, of Richmond. Thepresence of these two accomplishedladies at the Springs is in itself aguarantee of good things to come,good housekeeping, a good table andthe making of Oil Springs what itwas years ago a most delightfulresort.IS m ISSAVE 20 ON HARNESS. ETC.Harness of every description, at asaving from 10 to 25 per cent.FARMERS' SUPPLY CO.11 is TBIWhy listen to the knockers. Votefor W. 0. Hinton. You know his interest in Paris.is te feHOW D'YEKN0W?Editor James M. Allen, in the "Pertand Pertinent" column in the Cynthiana Democrat, says:"One patriot shot another in theneck at a Red Cross supper in Bourbon county Saturday night. Whatmore appropriate place, where thenurses are at hand to give first aidto the injured?"m m ieW. 0. Hinton'for Mayor always afaithful Democrat.isLAWN PARTY.A lawn party will be given at thehome of Mr. and Mrs. J. Perry Hutchcraft, in East Paris, on next Mondayevening, by the members of theChristian Endeavor Society of theParis Christian chut;h. An admission fee of fifteen cents will benhftrcred. for which the ladies promise an abundance of enjoyment, Acordial inviatition Is extended to thepublic to attend. .Green Peas Green BeansHead Lettuce TomatoesCucumbers OkraEgg Plant CymlinsBlackberriesPeachesWatermelons CanteloupesCelerySTEAKS CHOPSROASTSFresh Rolls Fresh BreadrFresh CakesEvery DayWILMOTHGrocery Co.Phone 376iTwo RealSaturday SpecialsiiiiiFancy BorderedTURKISH TOWELSRegular 50c Values3 For $1.00MWASH RAGSRegular 5c Values3 For 10crrWatch Window DisplayHARRY SIMONOne Price To Alliv-,,-Thii ii theVicuola X, $75Little folksenjoy theVictrolaThey enjoy the catchy musicas well as the big folks and theysoon get to have "favorites" oftheir own.There are besides special chilren's records of well-known songsand recitations which are thechildren's own.Brine the children into hear some of the special Victor Records forchildren. We'll gladlyplay them and tell you howeasy it is to get a Victoror Victrola $10 to $400.I sBaaP JDtFOR YOUVWe have for you some of the BIGGEST BARGAINS we have ever offered inSrJC'yDaughertyBfos.Paris, .KentuckyKaltex Porch FurnitureLawn SwingsPorch SwingsRefrigeratorsand HammocksWe are disposing of these articles at the prices we areoffering themFOR CASH ONLYYou know when we say reductions we MEAN REDUCTIONS !THEJT.HINT0NC0.MOTOR HEARSEMOTOR INVALID COACHUNDERTAKING"EITHERPI-IONE" 36SIXTH AND MAIN STS. :i'? ,i iv'' , - s-THE BOURBON NEWS, PARIS, KY.FRIDAY, AUGUST 3, 1917,Phon d AmourThe Phonograph with the Soul of the ViolinReproduction of SoundReproduction of tone is not arelative matter "almost an exactreproduction' ' is not reproduction."Reproduction" must be reproduction not any more than that; and not any lessthan just simply "reproduction 'And that is how with that Reproduction Idea in mind,and holding steadfastly to it Mr. Bernhard Fritzsch, knownto the musical world as a tone expert and a practiced craftsman in instrument making, came to produce Phon d3Amoursthe Phonograph with the Soul of the Violin.Phon d Amour is not an"assembled" Phonograph.fiBSPIP)Trade-Mark. Copyright 1917 byThe Fritzsch Phonograph CompanyPhon d' Amour is the Phonograph for your Home.For, whether it be the characteristic overtones of the human voice;or the fine shadings of a complete orchestration;or the lively and teasing solicitation of dance music to set thefeet flyingwhatever the character of musicPhon d' Amourwill exactly reproduce it in fulltoned harmony.Plays all Records.The Fritzsch Phonograph Company228-230 W. Seventh St. Cincinnati, O.WESLEY BIBLE CLASS FEDERATION. .The Wesley Bible Classes of theSunday Schools in the Louisville andKentucky Conferences of the Southern Methodist Church are planning tomeet at Kavanaugh Camp Ground,August 8, 9.The place of meeting is a historicspot and is ideal for such an assembly. Last year, at the first meetingof the Federation, some twelve hundred enthusiastic Bible Class Workerscame together. The program for theapproaching meeting is one of unusual, strength.Among those who are to speak areRev. Chas. D. Bulla, D. D., Superintendent Wesley Bible Class Department; Rev.' Frank M. Thomas, D. D.,of Louisville, Ky.; Rev. E. B. Chappell, D. D., Sunday School EditorMethodist Church, South; Rev. S. A.Steel, D. D., of Shreveport, La.; Hon.L. B. Finn, Franklin, Ky., and others. The program also includes conferences for the discussion of practical Bible Class problems.The opening session will begin attwo two o'clock, Wednesday afternoon, August. 8th, and the meetingwill close with the evening session,Thursday, the 9th.All Wesley Bible Classes in the twoConferences are expected to send representatives. In addition to these,Presiding Elders, Pastors, and " allSunday School workers are membersof the Federation. No registrationfees will be charged and the cost ofentertainment is very low.Arrangements for this meeting arebeing looked after by Mr. C. J. Nugent, Louisville, Ky., Filed Secertary,Middle, Division; Mr. J. H. Dickey,President, Louisville, Ky.; Rev. C.H. Greer, Danville, Ky., and Prof.C. E. Dudley, Earlington, Ky.151 feABE YOU ONE OP THEM?Those persons who have nothingJo do keep the devil busy.To, share a thing with a friend is-t 44 to. its weight and, substance.IF YOU WERE A BOY.Hartyoncax-gMadras2KW3: iL'ctm'e5 cCi-?. v-.-3i.iiKLiL ' '' ifMHHKs i MBm ' tAJ&i ".THERE'S a,heap of joyin a ton of good coal.Your stove or furnacewon't have much troublefrom extracting comfortfrom a ton of coal if youbuy it from us. Our rapiddelivery will please you.W. C. DODSONSouth Main St.The Home of Good Coal(Philadelphia Evening Ledger)If you -were a boy this morning,I yonder what you would do.Was ever a "da? ore perfect,Was ever the sky more blue? -I'm speaking to you, grave senior,I noticed you as you wentHot-footing it into the city, ' -"To add to your cent per cent.I noticed yo.ur sober manner,Your very important lopkg; - '"'"'And I noticed your boy beside you,tThe schoolboy with his books.I saw-and you saw where the riverSweeps down to the "swimmin.lioieA- --,Another boy playing "hookey"A boy with a fishing pole.There are a great many peoplewho would be very much benefitedby taking Chamberlain's Tablets fora weafc and disordered stomach. Areyou one of iUem? Mrs. M. R. Searl,Baldwinsville, K. Y-, relates her experience in the use of these tablets:"I had a bad spell with my stomachabout six months ago, arid Y&Stroubled for two or three weeks withI gas and. severe pains in the -pit ofmy stomach. Our druggist advisedme to take Chamberlian's Tablets.I tool a bottle home and the first(dose relieved me wonderfully, and 1kept en taking tilem until I wasCUrsd.' ' These" tablets, do not relievepain, but after the pain has been relieved may prevent its recurrence.( ad v-July)Mos Oil S Development Co.Home Office, 411 Main StreetParis, KentuckyWe control 5,000 acres of leases in the proven oil fields of Kentucky. Weare going to start drilling operations in the near future. You are invited to participate in the profits by subscribing for shares in the company.Now Selling at 20 Cents a ShareThis stock has increased 100 per cent, in value in the past 30 days because the value ofour leases have increased. The shares will soon be selling at 50 cents each. Every shareof stock issued represents value, not water.Your OpportunityIt is said that every man has his opportunity. We believe this is true. The late Joh nW. Gates had his opportunity when he bought stock early in the Texas Oil Company. H egrasped the opportunity and it is said the stock held by the Gates estate in Texas oil com -paniesincreased in value to $8,000,000 within one year.To-day it is estimated that $5,000 originally invested in the Farmers Oil Company hasbecome worth $1,500,000.The management of the Bourbon Oil and Development Company, of Paris, Kentucky,believes there is just as great an opportunity to make money to-day in the oil business asthere was when the two companies mentioned above were organized. You have an opportunity to buy shares of the Bourbon Oil and Development Company before the price is out ofyour reach. After the business is established and earning dividends there is very littleopportunity for the small investor. He must get in early to realize the large returns. Delaypays no dividends.Buy Bourbon Oil and Development Company shares NOW while the price islow. Buy before another advance takes place. Invest as successful men investat the low price. Write us or come in and talk it ovenApplication For StockIf you were a boy this morning,I wonder whatvyou would do.I saw you stooping to whisperA word to the boy with you.It seemed to me then you told himINVENTIONnrfrO e31ESS$0ffi. THEHATED SUBMARINE, A Washington specfl to NewYork World says:"The Ny-"apartment's two-foldprogr in tni3 war based partlyuIifoii the prospect of perfecting a de-That tk. truant boy was a fool, . iJ""If the device is perfected andThat nothing ripens manhoodLike the moments spent in, school.With fresh blue sky above youAnd the green fields under it,How dare you utter feuch nonsense,O, liar and hypocrite?If you were a boy this morning,A boy with a heart and a soul,You'd be, in spite of a licking,The boy with the fishing pole.l Ift feA girl's idea of sweetness is aboutequally divided between love's youngdream and mixed chocolates.the best brains in this country aresecretly working on it day and nighta cordon of destroyers will bottlethe tT-boats at their base. It if is nota combined naval and aerial attackmust be made upon the German coastand the occupied coast of Belgium.The submarine, it is agreed, must beeliminated before the war is won.IS TS IOne kind of a poor housekeeper isa woman who runs her house on business principles.i. WhatMakesT $This Man Smile? 'SWthan WsnneighborV " 'MfS 0e has bought lr 1 , -: fwthe greatest dollar-tor- S w MmBidollar value there is in pSffite J-tires. HehasFiskQual- MlfT .ity,FiskServiceanciFisk ,Aii ;hB tMileage at a fair price. BSf S JSSrF IRA PARKS & SON WBjJ Hj " C. S. BALL GARAGE Ifeffi fHTHE BOUBON OIL AND DEVELOPMENT COMPANY(Incorporated)I hereby subscribe for shares of the capital stock of THE BOURBON OILAND DEVELOPMENT COMPANY at the present price of 20 cents per share, and herewith tender payment of $ as settlement in full it being understood thatthe stock is fully paid non-assessable, price subject to advance without notice.Dated this day of 1917,.Sighed. . ; 'a . Yi ; VTTIV; iTVT; i :! : :"Address -,o-The Bourbon Oil and Development Company411 Main Street, Paris, KentuckymiTwin Bros. Department StoreWE CLOSE AT 5 P. M. EXCEPT SATURDAYS AND COURT DAYSYOUR LAST CHANCETO GET THAT HATAll OurTrimmedHatsExcept, a FewPanamas, etc.go foried i&3$1.00CHILDREN'S HATS50cHATS$1.00HATSAll OurChildren sHatsare reduced aslow- as possible. They gofrom50 CENTS TO $t.OOi'SALEGOING ON NOW!tt"ll I"I1 li ! I II i..3iH H 1 1 H I- II UII ?,1 t, , s.,Go WhiivnaBOOR0' J.J WTMlZIZ'&'.! . Viomrorz siwcms i ouA retreat from the monotony of every daybusiness cares away from the crowds whereyou can stretch out and take things easy.There are many of these quie shady haunts to be found atrAshevilleChattanoogaNiagara Falls f ,rThousand IslandsAtlantic SeashoreNew EnglandCanada . ,ChautauquaMichigan andGreat Lakes ResortsmLOW ROUND TRIP TICKETS ON SALE DAILYGood returning until. October 31 at.Each location, has distinqt natural attractions for recreationin addition to, the popular open air pastimes.W shall be pleased to arrange the details of, your trip.Consult your localticket ageqt, OrddressH. C.-K1NG, DrviiieFMrAit,118 E. Main Street, LexustM, Ky.illI'x:t::l:::::lllkftUT'MMImV-xv5MillX-i' OCf V-XQY Oil)ay, jmmeemm4K4WjiuiWin,, -fi$ bibn&xet al uoyjA-t ft..i-'V - 1 ,.,. t . .lA.AFRIDAY, AUGUST 3f 1917.YHE BOURBON NEWS, PARIS, KY.jcgisjropr-'itirrp: 3W- fey'- "r-' Oil- -- J"lll "VW JrrirAfGCsin i m hm11DTTVTflTTrTiri nmrm .,n.. 'xtiiixu DiAM7 jihx iintu t 1 1 1 1 1 m t m M i M u 1 1 1 1 nm i n 1 1 1 1 imi ii in iiiiillUi WAJi. IuIT siliB(? fas Beautiful Car irifmericaProtecting PaigeBuyersIt is, and always has been, Paige policy to protectand conserve the interests of Paige buyers.Contracts for large quantities of materials, enteredinto months ago, have enabled the PaigeDetroit Motor Gar Company to scale its presentlist prices so that in no instance has the increaseexceeded $100. But when the present supplyof materials is exhausted, there must inevitablybe a readjustment of prices.Paige prices are never fixed arbitrarily. The buyeris always permitted to share in the benefits resuiting from foresight and good business judg'ment.But price has never been the determining factor inthe buyer s selection of a Paige car. He willcontinue to select the Paige independent ofprice figures.The Paige wins the preference always because ofmechanical excellence, beauty and supremequality.Stratford "Six'51" 7'passenger $1595 o. b. DetroitFairfield "Six"46" 7'passenger $1450 f. o. b. DetroitLinwood "Six'39" 5'passenger $1260 f. o. b. DetroitBrooklands "Six'51" 4'passenger ' $795 o. b. DetroitDartmoor "Six'39 ' 2, or 3-passenger $1260 o. b. DetroitSedan "Six'39" 5'passenger ' $1875 o. b. DetroitSedan "Six'5iM 7'passenger $2400 o. b. DetroitTown Car "Six'51" 7'passenger ' $2850 o. b. DetroitLimousine "Soys 7'passenger ' $2850 o. b. DetroitPaige-Detroit Motor Car Company, Detroit, Mich.F. P. WHITEWith Dickerson& DouclasGaraee, 4tli and Hieh Sts., Paris. Ivy.SERVICE STATION11EHE3ID-E3iMMI MllllMSM IfcmmmmSSSSSSSSSSSSSSS(By Bluefunken Wireless.)BERLIN, Aug. 2. Consternationhas been caused in the highest circles by Siam's declaration of waragainst Germany. Military andj naval experts expect a powerful offensive on land and sea by the Siamese twins, two new weapons ofwarfare which Bangkok has long hadjin preparation.These are the white elephant andthe rhinoceros.It is believed that the white elephant, suitably armoured, will, beable to effect a greater destructionthan the British tank. The rhinoceros can not only submerge but can.bite holes in the largest submarine.A report that our brave submarinerswould suffer the fate of Jonah atthe hands, or rather the mouth of therhinoceros is ridiculed on the groundthat the fate of Jonah has been discredited by modern research.It is known that torpedoes will notpierce the tough skin of the rhinoceros and that it can come in contactwith floating mines without materialdamage. The mines explode but therhinoceros does not. The feelinggrows that submarine bases aremenaced.The white elephant has been knownto spike siege artillery with itstusks, ramming a tusk down the boreof the cannon and causing the chargeto explode backward, killing the gunners. The animal is said to be adirty and inconspicuous white. It istrained to take prisoners with itstrunk, lifting them to its back, whereis carries a large bin that will holdtwo dozen or more.A general council to discuss thesituation has been called at greatgeneral headquarters.3 ?3 laMOKE TO BE FEAHED THANSMALL POX.UNUSUALBARGAINSIN ALLLOW FOOTWEARWomen's Men's and Children'sPumps and Oxfords at less thanpresent cost. You can save $1.00or $1.50 on each pair. All stylesand all sizes; Don't delay, asthey are going fast.HARRY LINVILLE4yMMr4tVhParis Home SchoolWill OpenMonday, September 3, 1917Mrs. W. A. Harp, Director.Miss E. D. Giltner, Director ofMusic.ABOUT LIBERTY.Liberty is a matter of inventionsas much as agitation. The inventionof type made education democratic.Some say the invention of gunpowderupset the feudal system. The steamengine has done more for international peace than all the peace societies combined, because it broughtabout intercommunication betweencommunities, States and nations.The man with the gun only removesthe obstructions to progress. It'sPersons suffering with tuberculosis are a constant menace to everyperson with whom they come in contact unless the greatest precautionsare taken. The disease kills nearlya thousand times as many people assmallpox, and yet when even one person is attacked by smallpox he isrushed off to an eruptive hospital orplace of seclusion from contact withothers. The insidiousness of consumption and the slow manner inwhich it murders its victims havekept it from being regarded with thefear attached to eruptive diseases andblinded the people to the importanceof using every means to combat it.But the light is breaking throughthe constant efforts of the State Tuberculosis Commission, aided by itsExecutive Secretary, Dr. "W. L. Hizer,at Frankfort, who is prepared toFend pamphlets treating of the disease, its prevention and cure, to anyone who will write to him.191 EaBourbon LaundryDWIS & FUNK, Props.Telephone No. 4. West 5 StreetAutomobile Hearse or Ambulance !I desire to announce to our friends that I can, wheredesired, furnish an automobile hearse or ambulance. Thismethod of transpertation is especially desired on long trips,the same being made in better time, and at no adyance incost over the horse-drawn conveyance.GEO. W. DAVIS, Funeral Director.-1 . .p&m Do You Want torr n nBe a Success?the ,man with the hammer screwdriver who really produces liberty. Itis he who builds the structure day byday.But what he builds is of no valueto society until it is used. No invention is of value in itself. It is onlythe use of it that makes it important.If type had never been used education and the opportunity for education would have remained with thefavored few. If the steam engine hadnot been used in -boats and locomotives each community would be producing its own necessities and usingonly what could be produced withinitself. Manufacture on a large scalewould have been impossible andgrowth, industrial and social, confined within very narrow limits. Sodistribution is important in our fightfor liberty. Production Aiow is relatively efficient, but distribution isnot. The articles that are manufactured must be used and therefore infighting for greater liberty the printed magazine is more important thanthe torpedo. The ballot and the bullet are only weapons that clear thepath for progress. Real advancementis industrial and we are always fighting for liberty.DOING THEIR DUTY.uuuumThe autobiography of everysuccessful man invariably tellshow he earned and saved hisfirst dollar.There's no telling what themorrow will bring forth. It isthe man with the ready cashthat is prepared for a businessopportunity.Isn't it a fact that cash inthe bank gingers you up?Doesn't it give you confidence?See us about an account.!.r555Farmers' & Traders' BankF. P. KISBR, PrMldent W. W. MITCHELL, Cashier.WM. GRIMES. Bookkeeper.Scores of aris Readers Are Learning the Duty of the Kidneys.To filter the blood is the kidneys'duty.When they fail to do this the kidneys are weak.Backache and other kidney illsmay follow.Help the kidneys do their work.Use Doan's Kidney Pills the tested kidney remedy.Paris people endorse their worth.Mrs. John Mastin, 149 High St.,Paris, says: "I have used Doan'sKidney Pills with very good resultsand I can tell from the help the3rwere to me that they would be beneficial in other cases of kidney trouble.I had a dead, dull ache across thesmall of my back and my kidneyswere irregular in action. Doan'sKidney Pills rid me of these complaints and I have faith enough inthem so that if I should need a kidney remedy, I would certainly takeDoan's"Price 60c, at all dealers. Don'tsimply ask for a kidney remedy getDoan's Kidney Pills the same thatMrs. Mastin had. Foster-MilburnCo., Props., Buffalo, N. Y. (adv)ss js isCAUSE OF DESPOHDENCY.Sixth and Main , Street Paris, Ky.Despondency is often caused byIndigestion and constipation, andquickly disappears when Chamberlain's Tablets are taken. These tablets strengthen the digestion andmove the bowels. . t" - - ( adv-July)CHEAP URANIUMThe chief chemist of the federalBureau of Mines, Dr. Charles M.Parsons, has just taken out publicservice patents covering a new process for producing uranium oxide.This step is particularly significantat the present moment, because inthe last three years uranium hastaken on a new importance as aningredient used for hardening steel.Uranium steel is displacing many ofthe standard alloys in big guns. Thenew process is said to give a verypure yield of the oxide of uraniummore cheaply than was possible inthe past.a la Ts .CHAMBERLAIN'S COLIC AND DIARRHOEA REMEDY.Now is the time to buy a bottle ofthis remedy so as to be prepared incase that any one of your familyshould have an attack of colic ordiarrhoea during the summer months.It is worth a hundred times its costwhen needed.You Don't HaveStoopIf You Use aGarlandCabinetRangeA beautiful line of Garlands on dlplay. Come In and look them over.Paris Gas & Electric Co.(Incorporated)jstt .WYif svf ts; - V . .Xtxtfrz " y- ?8Saa. ' - w A...Agsigp -I Z5.T fsJSatisfaction is OurWatchwordWith all the latest im-I provements in laundryappliances and experthelpers we are preparedto do work inferior tonrvno onrl erlTri-f- itmiy3 patronage.Bourbon Laundry,Paris Kentucky.OPPORTUNITY!Mr. R. F. Clendenin, Associate General Agent forthe Northwestern Mutual Life Insurance Company, inone day recently, sold $100,000 worth of life insuranceover local and long distance lines of the Home TelephoneCompany and because of such an amount of businessaccumulated in one day, he divides the honors with usfor the efficient telephone service rendered. This is asplendid record for both Telephone and Insurance Companies. Mr. Clendenin says; "The service I get from yourCompany is all that I could ask, and on the closing dayof my campaign I used it with wonderful success."Such an opportunity in facilitating business shouldbe grasped by the public in general in employing co-operation,efficiency and confidence.Perls Home Telephone & Telegraph Co.(Incorporated)J. J. VEATCH, District Manager.W. H. CANNON,Local Manager.THOMAS K. SMITH,Cashier.We Know You'll WonderHow We Do ItBut how or why shouldn't matter. The talk of the town:Palm Beach Suits(the genuine article) in all colors and atyles, $8.50 to$10.00 values, going atYou'll have to hurry, because they're going fast.SURPRISE SPECIAL INo. 2All Our $2.00 and $2.50 Straw Hats M ACfor men, your choice YSee our windows, then hurry in while the pickiag is good.TWIPBROSClothing and Shoe Depi.L. Wollsteia, PrtpJ rlr "V tlriRTiktitA& s?t u .t .tTHE BOURBON :NEWS, PARIS, KY.PAGE EIGHTFRIDAY, AUGUST 3, 117.'I1.ComingAttractionsFRIDAYR. Desmond in TriangleK. B. Feature"Blood Will Tell"Popular Players in'A Winning Loser'Triangle Comedy.Pearl White in sixth episode of "Pearl of theArmy."Pathe Weekly News.Hours Alamo, 2 to 5:30; Paris Grand,7 to 1 0:30, Admission 5 and 1 Oc.MILLERSBURGMr. J. H. Carpenter continues toimprove.Miss Lyda Rive, of Hutchison,arrived Sunday as the guest of hersister, Mrs. F. E. Patterson.Mrs. B. D. Driskell, of Worthville, arrived Monday as the guest ofher parents, Rev. and Mrs. J. D. Redd.Mrs. C. R. Carrington, of Ravena, arrived Tuesday as the guest ofher parents, Mr. and Mrs. J. F. McDaniell. Mrs. Minnie Hurst left Saturdayfor a several weeks' visit to her parents, Mr. and Mrs. Ed. Cochran, atElizaville.Miss Ethel Fisher has returnedfrom Virginia, where she has given aseries of concerts in expression verysuccessfullv.Mr. Richard Butler and familyhave returned to their home at Irvine, after a week's visit to his father, Mr. A. J. Butler, and family.Mr. and Mrs. R. C. Bonar anddaughters, Misses Bernice and Borate -7 Bonar, have returned after atv-o-weeks' visit to relatives inMissouri.The many friends of Mr. T. E.Savage will regret to learn that hiscondition is becoming more serious.He is with his son, Mr. F. J. Savage,and family, at Paris.-Col. C. M. Best and Dr. C. C.Fisher are away from home this weekin the interest of their schools. Theoutlook thus far is promising, notwithstanding the uncertain times.The 2J5th annual meeting of theHurst Home Insurance Co. was held"Wednesday at the Hurst Home office.The auditing committee have beengoing over the books since Monday.The meeting was called to order at8:45 a. m.t with President pro tern J.J. Blair in the chair. The amount ofinsurance in force August 1, 1917,$5,505,185.00, a net gain for the yearof $407,305.00. Reserve fund, $33,000.00. Cash in bank $1,266.18.Mr. Blair was elected President.The following executive committeewas elected: Messrs. R. L. Gillispie,C. H. Dalzell and L. B. Cockrell, ofClark County, the company comprising the following counties, Bourbon,Bath, Clark, Fayette, Harrison, Jessajmine, Madison, Montgomery, Mercer,Nicholas, Scott, Woodford. Representatives were present from all thecounties, also a number of the countyagents.3 S3 1S3A WILSON DEMOCRAT.Vote for Geo. W. Judy, a WoodrowWilson Democrat, who wTill enforcethe laws if elected. (It)BIRTHS.To the wife of Mr. Robert Cain,in this city, a daughter, third born.Buy an Edison!. Get the Best There'sf Only One !The New Edison gets and givesall the artist rendered just asthe artist gave it.. "There's only ONE best; thatONE is the Edison." (Harger& Blish.)Overtone, in, music, is comparable with seasoning in food; Edion alone gives all the overtones:the seasoning.OBERDORFERMe Agent ffer turfcn Countywtuj w -111$ 1AND AL10SATURDAY.George Walsh in"THE ISLANDOF DESIRE9JA good story with this famous athlete. William Fox production. Screentime one hour and fifteen minutes.MONDAY.Pauline Frederick in"SAPHO"Produced by Famous Players. VictorMoore in a hillarious comedy andParamount Pictograph.MATRIMONIAL.ELLIS WITT.At his residence on Houston avenue, at eight o'clock Monday eveningRev. Wu O. Sadler, pastor of theParis Methodist church, performedthe marriage ceremony uniting MissFlorence Ellis, of near Paris, and Mr.Albert Lee Witt, of Lexington. After the ceremony, which was witnessed by only members of the immediatefamilies the bridal pair, returned toLexington, where they will reside atthe home of the groom.BUCHANAN HARRINGTONMiss Nellie Buchanan, of Colville, and Mr.TCelley Harrington, ofnear Paris, were married in the parlors of the Phoenix Hotel, at Lex-ington. The attendants were MissElizabeth Vice and Mr. Riley Faulconer. The bride is a daughter of Mr.and Mrs. James Buchanan.The groom is a young farmer. Immediately after the ceremony, Mr.and Mrs. Harrington left for aSouthern bridal trip. On their return they will make their home withthe groom's parents until a newhome under construction is completed. fe fe 1ALL KINDS OF HARDWARE.Horse shoes, nails, forks, hoes,wheelbarrows, pumps, baskets, andall kinds of handles for farm tools,bale ties.FARMERS' SUPPLY CO.fe m feRELIGIOUS.St. Peter's Episcopal Church,Rev. Geo. H. Harris, rector. Services will be resumed Sunday morning at 10:45. The Sunday schoolwill meet at 9:30.' A cordial invitation is extended to everyone.fe fe PaMAGAZINES AND BOOK .WANTEDFOR S0LDIERSA call is being made on the publicfor books for the soldiers of the United States. The American LibraryAssociation has undertaken the organization of war service libraries,its members are contriouting to afund for that purpose, and the association is working with the Y. M. C.A. and Knights of Columbus, whichare engaged in plans for furnishingrecreation places for the soldiers.War Service Library work probably will be observed in October, butthe association is desirous of starting the work at once, and its appealto Kentucky reached Miss FannieRawson, secretary of the KentuckyState Library Commission.Every library in the State is inservice for this -work, and people whohave books or magazines to contribute may send them to the local lilibrabry or to teh Kentucky libraryCommission, Frankfort. In placeswhere there is no public librarywomen's clubs probably will collectthe books and send them here.It is not the aim to send cast-offbooks to the soldiers, but books thatwill interest them fiction, travel;history and technical works relatingto the branch of the service in whichthey are engaged. Magazines lessthan 2 years old also are acceptable.The plea is made that people immediately select the books they wish togive and deliver them to the libraryso that no time will be wasted andthat the confusion at the last minuterush may be averted.England has a well-organized warlibrary system and her people havefsent hundreds of thousands of booksto the soldiers at the front, whereregular libraries are- operated.Kentucky libraries, on the suggestion of the commission, already havebeen doing publicity work by postingbulletins on conservation and the various subjects the Government desiresbrought to public attention, and notices directing attention to the nearest recruiting stations and Red Crosstraining classes.A well bred dog goes out when hesees he is to be kicked out.m m i vWhat can't be cured should be insured, -jDEATHS.WHITE.Mr. Lawrence White, of Mt. Sterling, who had been a resident ofFrankfort for several years, where hehad been Assistant State Treasurer ofKentucky, died Monday at an Indianapolis Hospital, where he had beenunder treatment for several weeks.He had been a sufferer for severalyears. Mr. White was AssistantState Inspector and Examiner underSherman Goodpastor during the fouryears of Gov. McCreary's administration, and went with Treasurer Goodpastor into office in 1916.Mr. White was a brother of Mr.Robin White, whose death by drowning in Bath county some weeks ago isstill fresh in the minds of the public,and of former Commonwealth's Attorney Bridges White, of Mt. Sterling. He is survived besides hisbrother, by his mother, Mrs. BettieWhite and his wife, Mrs. Mary OwensWhite, of Mt. Sterling, the latter being a niece of Mrs. Jesse Turney, ofParis. Mr. White was a cousin ofMrs. N. A. Moore, of Paris. Mrs. Turney and Mrs. Moore attended thefuneral, which took place in Machpelah Cemetery, in Mt. Sterling, Wednesday afternoon, with services conducted by Revs. Yeaman and Darsie,of Mt. Sterling.jig g BgAN EFFICIENT MAN FOR AN IMPORTANT OFFICE.The Jailer's office is an importantone. An efficient man should beelected to fill the position. Geo. W.Judy is worthy and capable of doingjustice to the job. Vote for him tomorrow. (It)?a isiTHE AUGUST WOMAN'S HOMECOMPANION.A new department for the exchange of ideas for patriotic servicestarts in the August Woman's HomeCompanion. It will be run by AnnaSteele Richardson and she welcomessuggestions and questions concerningwar service. A new serial called"The White Towers," by Juliet Wilbor Tompkins, begins and will be finished in the September issue. Othergood stories in this number are"Understudying Jane," by MaryHastings Bradley; "The Lost Emblem," by Gertrude MacNulty Stevens, and "The Better Part," by AliceChapin. Special articles on economyand war service, practical suggestions about the home, and interestingmaterial in all the regular departments help to complete an excellentnumber.IS Ea ISFARMERS. READ!Every thing a farmer needs at asaving from 5 to 20.FARMERS' SUPPLY CO.2 TE3 ESEMERGENCY MUNITIONS.Here is a paragraph, snipped out ofan article by George Creel in Everybody's for June, which shows the waruses to which various peaecful manufactories can be subjected:"A manufacturing jeweler was surprised to learn that his plant, with afew changes, could turn out periscopes; a sash-chin maker found thathis machines were adapted to the production of cartridge clips for riflesand machine guns; a phonographconcern was discovered to be well fitted for the manufacture of certaindelicate shell parts; makers of underwear may be relied on for bandages;a manufacturer of music rolls forgages; a creamery separator plant forshell-primers; a sewing machine company for gaines; a recording andcomputing machine plant for fuses;an infants' food concern for shellplugs; drug manufactories and dyeworks for high explosives; finishedshells may be expected from candlemakers, flour-millers, tobacco manufacturers, siphon-makers; silversmiths can make cartridge-cases, bullet jackets, and caps; while shrapnelcan be made in gas-engine works,can-factories, electric-elevator works,locomotive-works, stove - foundriesand machine-sh'ops."WflRGOLEN'SSPECIALSFor This WeekBest Parlor Matches -per box .' OCAll brands Soapper bar.- CBest High Grade Coffee OCnper pound OCBest Green Teas 7flper pound fUC3 boxes Babbett's Lye oeMeats, Etc.MflRGOLEN'SSanitary Meat Marketlltl4iiilIil4et4Mr.Every Voter Wants To Vote forA WINNER!IIn Order To Do ThisPOLICE JUDGEmNOWA price-slashing sale of Summer Footwear, in spite of the high pricesprevailing in shoedom. Anticipating the great advance in shoe prices WEBOUGHT rilEAVY! The weather this-season has been most unfavorable andwe find ourselves overloaded with High Grade Men's, Women's andChildren'sSUMMER FOOTWEARs.that must be turned into cash at once at prices below factory cost I A fewof the many extraordinary bargains;Ladies' Pumps andOxfordsLadies' Gray and Champagne KidPumps, $4.00, Sale Price $1.95Ladies' White Sea Island CanvasPumps, $2.50, Sale Price $1.75Ladies' White Poplin Canvas Pumpsand Oxfords, $2.00, Sale Price$1.49Ladies' Dull and Patent Kid, StylishPumps, $4.50 and $5.00, Sale Price$3.49Ladies' Patent Kid Colonette Pumps$4.00 and $4.50, Sale Price$2.9&Ladies' Patent and Dull Kid Low andHigh Heel Pumps, $3.50, SalePrice $2.45Ladies' Dull Kid and Patent PumpsBoys', Misses' and Children's Shoes and Slippers atMISSES' AND CHILDREN'S SANDALS 49cKDAN COHENPAIIIS: GREATEST SHOE STOREYoter!roROF PARISWhose Motto ismi jf j r j jt j i ji iii jf ij jt j1GOING ONand Oxfords, $3.00, Sale Price$1.99Ladies' Patent Pumps and Comf. KidOxfords, $2.00, Sale Price $1.49Ladies' Black assorted small size Oxfords, $3.00, Sale Price 99cLadies' Boots and ShoesLadies' White Sea Island CanvasBoots, $3.50. Sale Price $2.45Ladies' White Canvas,' Rubber Sole,English Boots, $2.50, Sale Price' $1.69Ladies' Black Kid High Shoes, Buttonand Lace, $4.00, Sale Price$2.99Ladies Gun Metal Button, small sizes,$3.00, Sale Price $1.49None Sent on Approval, ExchangedNo Stamps Given During This"HUIIIMIMHM1Vote For3Men's Shoes andOxfordsMen's White Cloth English OxfordsWalk-Over, $4.50, Sale Pricej , $4.00 and $3.50-Men's Russian Tan Oxfords, WalkrOver and Bostonian, $4.50, SatePrice $3.49-Men's Tan and Gunmetal Oxfords.I S3.00, Sale Price $1.99-Men's Patent Colt English Oxfords,$5.00, Sale Price $3.45Men's Black Kid Oxfords, Walk-Over,l $4.50, Sale Price $3.50Men's Gun Metal, Button and Lace,$4.00, Sale Price $299Men's Gun Metal Button Shoes, $3.00. Sale Price $1.99a great sacrifice in priceTENNIS 39cor Credited.Sale.MITCHELLliiLAWI331 MAIN STIEET Mlllf KYtt4X.j&afeV"X-r&.fl&4r' fe-xv-IRS .wJ'"s -J-. sf K.v--.-.V.v