iftBOURBON NEWSPUBLISHED feVERY TUESDAY AND FRIDAY IN THE YEAR.ir?"9'nftVOLUME XXXVIIPARIS, BOURBON COUNTY, KENTUCKY, TJESDAY, MAY 1', 1917THEWAY CLEAREDBY CONGRESSDESPONDENT, ILL, OUT OF WORK,MAN ATTEMPTS SUICIDE.Saturday afternoon about fouro'clock, as Mr. Swiney Isgrijrcr.and Mr.FOR ROOSFVFI T T- Hart Talbott were comin& to town!VyiV lVf VJjJLi 7 LuLt 1 from fhmr hnmos H, DBnni, .m. i.. ...v wu. wic i cututn. pine,,they saw the body of a man lying bytne side or tlie pike, near a gate onFRED WALLISNOT IMPLICATEDIN CROOKED DEALSUNDAY BRAWL RESULTSIN CUTTING AFFRAY,House Votes. 215 to 178 toPresident totheirSmachine they foundThemanTn Justice Done Him By Link-Kmnnwpr FrociHonf f a" "conscious condition. He was1 . placed in the machine, and brought to JExtend Authority For Re- the Massie Memorial Hospital, in this jCrUIling OUCh Division. cians disclosed the fact that he was" suffering from the effects of some kindof poison.WASHINGTON. May 14. The waywas cleared in Congress for Colonelftoosevelt, if he is given authorizationny the administration, to raise a division of volunteers for service in France.Reversing the previous action anding His Name with Othersin Insurance Case, SaysAttorney General.The daily papers have been full ofInvestigation disclosed the fact thatthe man was J. Greenblat, aged abou' special dispatches regarding arrest oftwenty-five, of New York, who had iprominent New York and Pittsburg inbeen in Paris that .morning. He came surance anen in connection with theto Mr. Harry Simon, with the state wrecking or the Pittsburg Life Insiirment that he was sick, out of work ance Company.overriding the conference committee and despondent, and displayed a bottle borne time ago Mr. Frederick A. Ion the army draft bill, the House vot- of carbolic acid, and said he in- Wallis, of tho Fidelity Mutual Life Tiled 215 to 178 to empower the President tended to take his life. Mr. Simon per- surance Co., of New York, was tenderto extend authority for recruiting such suaded him to give up the bottle, and ed the presidency of the Pittsburga division. This "sent the army hil &ave Ilim fiftv cents to .get dinner, tell- Life, and accepted, conditionally. Hisoack to conference, but the Senate in tnat lie would get him transpor- name was mentioned later on whenalready had adopted similar authoriza- tation to Cincinnati, where the Jewish warrants were being issued. THEtion during original consideration of Relief Society would see that he reach- NEWS is in receipt of the followingtne measure to agree quickly to it ed nis nome in New York. Greenblat letter, which clears Mr. Willistyiame ofdeparted and Mr. Simon neard nothing suspicion in connection with the crookmere of him until Mr. Isgrigg tele- edness:phoned him of finding the man near his "NEW YORK, May 10, 1917.home, unconscious from the effects oL "Ed. BOURBON NEWS, Paris, Ky.poison. j Dear Sir: I am sure you will beFinding that the man could not talk, glad to know that the Pennsylvania iMr. Isgrigg searched his clothing, and New York authorities immediatelyfinding in one pocket a note addressed quashed any contemplated proceedingsto the Jewish Society at Cincinnati, in against me in connection with thewhich he wrote, "I" go from this world, Pittsburg Life affair. My name, onand this world will be the same after account of conditionally accepting themy going. This is the end of me.'1 office of president to become effectiveAnother note addressed to Mr. Simon three weeks later, became associatedsaid: "You will find the fifty cents you with certain others who had sometimegave me for dinner still in my pocket, before evidently committed acts of vio-Please keep it. Do not let my wife lence against the integrity and securknow anything about this. I am go- j ty of the company. cing to take this" (evidently referring , "In now appears in he excitementto the noison which he had in his of thiiigs at Pittsburg, this error occur-Nothing else was found red before investigating my relationsnow.Colonel Roosevelt made no secret dfIns delight at the action of the Hous?,"but he refused to discuss at lengthhis plans for putting a military forcein the field until his authorization todo so becomes official.WASHINGTON, May 14. Kentuckyhas 202,000 men and Louisville 24,300oetween the ages of 21 and 31, inclusive, who will be subject to draft ofthe army conference report adoptedThursday is ratified by the House andSenate There are about 10,027,300men of these ages in the UnitedStates. These figures are given bythe Census Bureau and the estimate isfor July 1, 1917. Naturally, therewould be many exemptions, but thisnumber of men would be required to possession.)register for service.in his pockets and where he got the to the imatter. Of course, any ste,pspoison remains a mystery.against me were immediately droppedWAiriuuij., iia x-i. ueiaiib oi , Greenblat was well-dressed, and was and the Insurance Department openlythe plan of the War Department by evidently a man of some culture. He asserted that a great injustice hadhica volunteers in Kentucky may be gtated t0 Mr simon that he m(l beep been done raeassured of fighting in units composed ,n a traveling position, but had been "I was requested by the Assistantentirely of Kentucluans through organ laid nff A letter from his wiffij in Attorney General of Pennsylvani notizing additional companies of the Na- New y k acknowiedgecl receipt or to give this item to the daily paperstional Guard, were Obtained tO-day 59- cta.lnrr n.nf. i. ,,,, pvnrnirlpri nil for lvo or IIivpo flnvs hut T wnntPilV-" W V0 - M W w..M- w. v . V v. . .. w v -Hvr , VHV ....VVHfrom official sources..that for rent and water and gas bill, a few of my friends to knoV it in adand that she was ill, but cheering him vance. The fact is my insistence onuhiuauu. .May n. rraumg in ixiaj up with the hope that his employersv,heat was ordered stopped by direc- Would put him on the road again. He-tors of the Chicago Board of Trade. wouid not give the address of his wife,It is belived that the step was hastened other than she was at home in Newby action of Federal authorities re- York with their two children, and hocontly, but it was denied that anythreats to place a curb on the tradingnad been made.did not want to cause her any furtherdistress. IAt tho hospital Greenblat, when con- jsciousness came back, refused to ans-jA .message wer questions, and would net tell howor where he had secured the poisonwith which he had aimed to take hislife. The attending .physicians were .the Insurance Department's approvallead to the disclosure."With assurances of my cordial regards, 1 am?"1'"' ""Sincerely yours,"FREDERICK A. WALLIS."MODERN HOME AT AUCTION.NEW YORK, May 14.from a number of leading AmericanSocialists has been cabled to the Socialists of Germany, saying that democ-lacy the world over would continue inclined to the belief that he had takento fight against Germany until the bichloride of mercurv tablets, andIf you want a new and modern home,figure on the Weatherall home that isto be sold on May 16. - (ll-2t)IJohenzolIerns were overthrown. Themessage was sent to Socialists inStockholm, Copenhagen, The Hugueand Berne with a request that i;stext be. forwarded to German Socialists.gave him treatment accordingly. Yesterday he was reported in a very critical condition, though at times appearing a little better.I The local Jews (manifested great inIterest in Greenblat's case, and sawMARRIED MEN NOT FREEDFROM MILITARY SERVICE.FRANKFORT. KY.. May 14daring that the man who be the ma-Jnipulator of the markets permits therife, child or ,parent of a man fighting jfor his country to get cold for the Dwant of fuel because of the high prices, jin the most conscienceless traitor in jthe United States, Governor Stanleymade the opening statement at meeting of the County Attorneys and Commonwealth's Attorneys with AttorneyGeneral Logan.Governor Stanley stated that as theChief Executive of the Commonwealth,jt is his purpose to encourage businessand protect every man in business inate lawful right In times of peace, heKaid, unlawful combinations and conspiracies to control the markets areiwonster offenses against the people,fctt in times of war. he asserted suchcombinations are treasons.. that he had every attention shown himDe- in his unfortunate condition.A. R.TO HELPIN RED CROSS WORK.At the regular meeting of JemimaJohnson Chapter, D. A. R., held at thohome of Mrs. Thompson H. Tarr, onthe Georgetown pike, near Paris, Friday afternoon, arrangements were perfected by which the members of thoIf you are any of these you will escape service through the exemptionsunder the new army bill:All persons who have not reachedtheir twenty-first birthday and all whohave passed their thirty-first birthday.Officers of the United States or ofand State of territory.Ministers, theological students ormembers of religious sects, whose "existing creed" forbids participation inwar.That's all, except the president Isempowered if he sees fit to excludefrom military service:County and municipal officers.Government employes.Pilots and marines actually employed in sea service.Persons engaged in industries, in-As the result pf a mix-up over thepossession of a pocket knit'e, JesseSosby, a young fgymer of the Ruddles Mills precinct, is in the MassieMemorial Hospital, with a number ofugly cuts on his head, face andshoulders.Sosby and Elmer Shumate were atthe home of Ben Moreland, who resides near the home of Mrs. NellieHighland, just outside the city limits.It was stated that John Barleycornflowed freely, and before long, an argument ensued over the possession of aknife, which Sosby claimed belonged tohim. In the mix-up that followedSosby was cut across the" forehead,face and shoulders with a knif, thelarge artery on the side of the neckand the shoulder muscles being severed. It was not known at the timewho did the cutting..Moreland, who is Sosby's father-in-law,and Shumate, were both arrestedand taken to jail, but were later released on $250 bonds each. Sosby, almost dead from loss of blood, was hurried to the Massie Hospital, where hewas given medical attention. Sosbyclaimed Shumate did the cutting. Reports from the Hospital yesterday stated that he was somewhat improved.The case was called for trial inPolice Court yesterday morning, andcontinued until next Monday, on account of the wounded man's inabilityto be present to testify.Shumate confessed to the cutting.He was placed under $250 bond forappearance at the trial, and Morelandwas released, as it was shown that hewas an innocent party.WE KNOW HOWp n . i JCNEWEST AND NEATESTThe" newest and neatest noveltiesfor the graduate.THE A. J. WINTERS CO.JAIL SENTENCE FOR PHYSICIAN.In Police Court yesterday morningDr. Bruce Anderson, of this city, wasfined $5 and costs and given a jail sentence of five days on a charge of disorderly conduct and assault.Dr. Anderson was arrested Sundaymorning by Chief of Police Link on awarrant charging him with disorderlyconduct and assault. He pleadedguilty to the charge. Judge Januaryimposed the lowest fine under the circumstances.is!SII-r-- "s.xxc:"OwxtosnjRkiitU, fent 3c Cat.Whether You Join the Armyor Stay at Home You MustHave ClothesIf you go to war you won't need our kind of suits, but ifyou stay at home you must have a Spring Suit from ourstore. Young men's snits that are entirely different instyle, looks and quality$15.00 to $30.00Genuine Irish Homespun, real light colors and darkershades of tan, blue and green, Flannels made -in fancysingle-breasted pinch back and the two-button doublebreasted patch pocket coat. Our clothes have individuality and style not found in other ready-made clothes.For the more conservative man we have the plain cutthree-button sacks in many new patterns Worsted andCheviot Clothes. No matter how your size is long,short or stout we can fit your form.i Mitchell & BlakemoreeHMmnnMMQntwiMntnnMminmiiimmcfr3aStraw Hat OpeningChapter will co-operate with the ParisChapter of the Red Cross Society in ' eluding agriculture, necessary to thetheir work. The members will inau- maintenance of the army and navy,gurate an active canvass on May 19 J Those having persons solely depend-imembers of the Red CrossINDIANAPOLIS, IND., May 14.Whe full quota of 40,000 men, whichthe War Departmei requested fortie officers training camp, was recruited within twenty days after thewill Capt. Arthur F. Cosby announced.The first camps will begin their workfor newSociety.The Chapter also decided to assumethe expense of maintaining a Frenchwar-orphan. Mrs. Eli Boone, of Paducah, State Regent of the D. A. R .who had expected to be present, couldnot come to the meeting.The next meeting will be held onJune 14, "Flag Day," at the home ofMrs. William Garrard Talb'ott, nearParis.eit upon them tor support.Those found to be physically or morally unfit.Marriage is no bar to service.HOUSE-TO-HOUSE CANVASSARENT-TEACHERS' ASSOCIATIONCommittees for the Parent-Teachers'Association of this city are to begin,! to-morrow a house-to-house canvass toiniliino tha nannlo onrl ncnppiflllv fllRrooms where the meeting was , 1 :-. ,i ,.f0women, oi .rans, uu icsiaici aim uuschoolTheTuesday, and' it is expected another held were beautifully decorated in the for the'issuance ot the proposedseries will be held, probably in August official colors of the D. A. R., thenauonai ieu, u. -"' "?" 'The crowded condition of the schools' ' (composed or red and white carnations J departureg areSTATE FISH CARand blue iris. American flags artis-not as generally known as might beGOES TO LOUISVILLE .tlcally arraged also forming a JJmi-lexpeotad and these men and womeinent part in the decorative schemeThe fisheries car of the State Game Mr. A. b. Boatright sang a number ofWFish Commission, which has been vocal selection. A luncheon was serv-i TQri several days aisinuuuus.cu . o-l. :., V. ctranmc PTld DOUdS Iyoung nsn m -" "i""uu -nof the county, was sent to Ubuisvill?,Stnday.The car, in charge of Game WardensGeorge M. Hill and Bush Bishop, willreceive a consignment of five millionyoung white perch, which will be takenT?rolrrastle County anuVV -w w.whave offered to assist the Board byurging the public to take an interest injthe situation. A similar action on thepart of the women of Lebanon, Ky.,recentlv resulted, according to localopinion?n J., norriMiior tlia nlontinilill. LULijiuf uiv. wvxnuu.China Splits$1.00 to $5.00Sennits$1.50 to $5.00Novelty Braids$1.50 to $5.00Leghorns$1.00 to $4.00Panamas$3.00 to $6.00St?5 T5-Jf"' jAJWPhimYour Hat is HereERE you will find the largest and most complete showing of Straw Hats in town, andbecause it is that it is the best chance to geta hat that you'll say is right. The best hat makersin the country are represented, and the same highqdality is maintained at no advance in price.For Real Style InformationSee Our WindowsEvery style is a "sure thing" a real winner. Comein to-day and inspect the exhibit.New Styles in Soft HatsUR HAT DEPARTMENT is chuck full ofthe season's latest styles. You have butto glance in our mirrors to know that ourstyles are hard to beat, and right here you'll find thestyle that will become you. Knox, Crofutt & Knappand Stetsons are well represented in the newest colors and combinations.The new light-weight felts are very popular,and they can be found in the new shapes in greys,pearls, browns and greens.$2.00 to $5.00WHALEY SELLS GOOD.ONE.MEN'S BIBLE CLASS.Mr. Wm. H. Whaley, Jr., of this city,sold recently to Mr. James R. Ma-Come to the Men's Bible Class at theused in cowen, of ML Sterling, the fine mare. Paris Christian church Sunday. May. .. . -i !.-.. M0fl,imArp. n rimiehter of Ookmore and 20.. at 9:30 a. m.. to meet Mr. R. A.restocking Rockcastle mver anu ui Kate organ,zer of and teacher of aishir-g streams; . .h Bthan was raCed with great success Bible Class of a thousand men. He is30 r e thousand newHglS several years ago by Ed. Bedford, and a man with a message for men He isPans, v-er nye ui produced a number of good race a great leader in a great work. WeZinXErf to - tti ty, weS horses, including Dodge, 2:19, him- urge you to be one of the five-hundredtotaling pondl in tne mmy. ww i,nif.iin trotter a few who will share in a rich, treat. Come. ,o,i ir. stnnor CreeK at various seu feuw ..ffWC - "- - vears ag0. The price paid was private.- and. hear mm. -R. P. WALSHMain and Seventh Sts;Paris, Kentucky-m;,'AH.Vf z-FAGEfTWOTHE BOURBON NEWS, PARIS, KY.TUESDAY, MA,T 15, 1917.itTL D L- M. .- umpire usually tries to square' it up LOCAL KNIGHTS TEMPLAR1 llw IJUUrUUll ilCWojjy giving the next close decision to'published 188135 Year of Continuous Publication.the side that lost the first This maynot he strictly rulable, but it works outa rough sort of justice.wbni.iuiiiunniiu iwvacGOING TO CONCLAVE ENCAMPMENT SEPT. 17abllshed Every Tuesday and Friday.it Year... $2.00 Six Months... ?L00Payable In Advance.The annual Conclave of the Ken- ' Tlie Odd Fellows Entertainmenttucky Knights Templar, which 'was Committee met at the Waterson Ho-The trouble with the crowd is that held in Frankfort last year, will be tel, in Louisville, recently, to cornit begins to bellow the moment one held this year in Covington, opening plete arrangements for the entertainpoor decision is made. Players and this (Tuesday) evening with a recep- ment of the Sovereign Grand Lodge ofspectators become wild with rage. This tion to the Grand Commandery by Em- the United States and Canada, which"riles" the umpire's "dander." To inent Sir Frederick J. Mayer, Grand will meet in Louisville on Sept. 17.SWIFT CiIAMP, Editor and Owner. show uiat he is not moved by the Warden. The expense budget prepared bytaunts and threats hurled at him, he Paris will be represented at the Con- Harry R. Moseson, secretary, calls forAis erroneous reflection UDon the may continue to favor the side that clave by a large delegation from $20,000, which covers the prize list andcharacU.", standing or reputation of lost tlie flrst decision. .The game will Couer de Lion Commandery No. 26, all branches of the many kinds of enwry person, firm or corporation which thus likely break up in a row. and their ladies, who will be quartered tertainment in view. Approximatelymay appear in tlie columns of THE It is very poor policy for spectators in suitable apartjments at the Sinton one-half of the amount has been raisedBOURBON NEWS will be gladly cor- or players to try to bluff an umpire. Hotel, in Cincinnati, during the Con- and local civio organizations have beenreeled if brought to attention of the it (merely invites further trouble and clave, which will close on Thursday -asked to co-operate in procuring theeditor..puts a man in a state of mind where he night. The Commandery will be led in remainder.can't see things straight, if he tries the big parade, which is scheduled for The Entertainment Committee esti-The time to protest is after the game to-morrow, by Smittie's famous First mates that 10,000 visitors will be inis over, and the proper persons to pro- Regiment Band, of Cincinnati, of fif- Louisville every day of the week, withtest to are the men that have in teen men. Tlie Knights will leave on fully 25,000 on Wednesday, the day ofrharge the hiring of the umpire.SPENDING THE ROAD FUND.ADVERTISING RATESDisplay Advertisements,inch for first time; 50 cents per incheach subsequent insertion.Reading Notices, 10 cents per lineeach issue; reading notices in blacktype, 20 cents per line, each issue.Cards of thanks, calls on candidates, obituaries and resolutions, andfiimilar matter, 10 cents per line! When a private citizen or a corpora- TOOSt enjovabIe of any et held in thetion expends money they expect visible state-evidence of a wise investment. When ;'a county, a State or other governing Tuesday Evening, May 15, 1917.jbody invests the peoples' money the: Reception to the Grand CommanderyStockholders, who are the people them- by Eminent Sir Frederick J. Meyer,selves, expect tlie same of their offi- Grand Warder. Reception, 8:30 p. m.cials as it required of the officers of to 9:30 p. m. Dancing, 9:30 p. m. toa corporation. 1 12:00 p. in., at Elks Home, Fifth street.The stockholders of a railroad com- ... . , .. , He 0., . , . .,1 Wednesday, May 16, 1917.ipany do not for one (moment considerthat they know everything about the' Church services, 9:30 a. mi 1. XI. 1 - ---! n . . .$1.00 perjuiaimgmeni. ol uie Dusiness. dul uiey street Presbyterian church.the early train this afternoon for Cov- the big street parade,lington. Louisville Odd Fellows believe thatI The following is the complete pro- $200,000 will be spent by delegates and'gram for the Conclave, which promises visiting Odd Fellows during the sevento be one of the best attended and clays of the meeting.Competitive drills and the militaryball will be eiven at the ArmoryDiamond Lodge, No. 489, of Detroit,;Mich., with a membership of over 2,000, has asked premission to participate in tlie First (Degree contest during the convention. A great numberof lodges throughout the country willcompete for prizes.In this connection it is well to remind Odd Fellows who expect to at-Fourth tend the Sovereign Grand Lodge, thatSpecial rates for larse advertise-' aDove ru,es a waste ot tunas win 101ments and yearly contracts. jlow, and when spending the peonies'The right of publisher is reserved j money derived from taxation whyto decline any advertisement or other J should not tlie same caie be exerciser!matter for publication. as that practiced by successful busi-.ii.iHjui'i-eiiieiiis iur political oinces .must mvanaolythe rash.be accompanied byParade it is necessary for them to belonir tohave wisdom enough to select experi- immediately after church services, the Encampment and Rebekah branchenced men to handle every branch of Luncheon will be served at the Temple es 0f Odd Fellowship. Get busy andthe work. They realize that such pro- and churches to all Knights and sen(i in vour netition to thpsp flniiricli-ladies. , jng lodges. To Bourbon Odd Fellows,3:00 p. m. Exhibition drill by J- the Encampment fee is $5. dues $4 perMolay Cqmmandery No. 12, of Louis- year; Rebekah tee $1, dues $2 perville, Ky.3:15 p. m. Battalion (irill by Cincinnati No. 3. Hanselmann No. 1G andTrinity No. 44, 'Commanderies of Cincinnati, Ohio.3:45 p. m. Exhibition drill by Covington Commandery No. 7. All drillsPark, Second andcedure is the first principle of efficiency and economy and they know itis necessary in order to make a profitWhen public officials depart from theyear.FOR YOUR CHILD'S COUGH.ness concerns.OEDITORIAL MUSINGS.Most of the counties of this Stat at Federal Ballhave insufficient funds to care for the Scott streets.(total road mileage of the county, but ::45 p. in. to 5:00 p. m. ReceptionvTWTiijy pursuing uie proper comsu uiu 0y Ashland commandery iso. s, ot the irritated tissues. Get a bottle to7! funds can be expended from year to Ashland, Ky , at K. of P. hall. Fourth day at vour druggist and start treatyear in a way to accommodate th- street .ment at one. 25c.Here's a pleasant cough syrup thatevery child likes to take, Dr. Bell'sPine-Tar-Honey. If your child has adeep hacking cough that worries yougive him Dr. Bell's Pine-Tar-Honey,the soothing pine balsams -relieve thecough, loosens the phlegm and healsTae Bourbon News' Advertising SchoolThe newspaper worker is often ask-ea by merchants and their employes ao what is the secret of writing effec,most people and be oi lasting benefit. S:00 p. an. to 12:00 p. m. Reception Jj This is possible if a few miles of road and (lance by Webb Commandery No.are properly built each year and cor- o, Lexington. Ky., at Odd Fellows Hall,'roctly maintained. At the end of ead. Fifth and Madison avenues,year a county would haio several milM s:30 p. m. to 12:00 p. in. Itoceptiorof good road and at Ihe same time and dance by Newport Commandery(may-adv)these suggestions .may know 'J0'1 fenCe fCtC7 blt T J 'Lor n o Rite bo,lies' 13oat leaVCS foot ot "" .difficulty has been ovibout it he does. The "Les-I ,rm ,year.to.yea'.?"? 'i ! L P street- 'simple expedient of witire advertising THE BOURBONjvciw a oegins wiin tins issue a series jof articles on "Tlie Art of Advertisg." The writer feels that the subtct is a very large one. and that somewho readas much abouteons" are based, however, on muchT-adincj and thought, discussion of thesubject with merchants, and observa-work in practice. jTim nilvorticinw nvnarl rf inn i'ro rr-- ....v, .. . v,. ..vj..ia iibii vt icu ,caio&go set out to amuse andhis readers He specialized inturns of thought. But after you reai Ihis copy, you knew no more about hisgooils than you did before. 'Auverusins to-aay nas readied asimpler basis The merchant whonever studied advertising, but hascommon gumption may write a veryeffective notice. Ther are certainprinciples, however, which he must follow, either by luck or intelligentchoice, ir he expects his advertising tobe thoroughly effective.-The first principle is the need ofwhat is called "reason why copy." Thesuccessful advertiser of to-day appealsto the judgment of the public. Instead of trying to make them laugh, hemakes them think. i other roads could be cared lor in a No. 13. of Newport. Ky., at Elks home,lack of funds may at the start onlyi build two rooms of a five room house.)one. hundred rods of a one-thousandWHITE-WASH FOR ELECTRICITYWhen, at the beginning of the warLondon was ordered to be kept darkat night against attack, the peoplesuffered. They bumped into lampposts, fell up and down steps, losttheir way, and collided with one an-the place is improved most attractiveTly; and there is nothingabout roads that the same thing can;not be done.Some counties have been spendingmoney for roads for the past one bun-'!dred years and to-day there is not a 'InThursday, May 17, 1917.::u a. m. ana :.ju p. m. uoai nue other. In a fog the streets were ab-on the Ohio River, by the Scotib'l snlntplv iinnnvifr:ili1f Knw hnwpvorvercome by themple expedient of white-wash. Thei 8:30 n. m. to 12:00 n. m. Recention iomT..nnc(c cfnni! rnini. nn,i .kneculiar iuiuji-iiuow, olcijo, faui.co ii v-uiu-r and dance by Covington Commandery stones nre. white-washed and stnndNo. 7. at Masonic Temple. Fourth and out clearly against the black of night.Scott streets.but arp not distinguishablegreat distance from above.at anyonf nrfo t rmile nf irnnd road in the conntv.nmlo . . .. .... I. nM,nti it-lirf.i Wroti oirl hnc hfianC I CI . VUUIIM liili kjka-io uiu HH.J uuv,MFOR A NOISELESS TOWN.THE NEWS, in common with numaccented and roads built there is to other papers throughout Central Ken-day a road and in a number of coun tucky, has from time to time endearties the only roads are those built un- ored to create public sentiment in fader State supervision. Most of the vr of the elimination of unnecessarycounties only expend a part of their and nerve-racking noises. The chieiregular fund in taking advantage of offenders have been drivers of autosState aid. The remainder being used and imotorcycles. Every autoist knowsthroughout tlie various magisterial dis that his machine will run smoothlytricts. Take for example a county with with the exhausts closed. So do tha thirty thousand dollar road fund, riders of motorcycles, yet they makesuppose they set aside nine thousand the days and nights hideous,for State aid, leaving twenty-one The following editorial from a recentthousand, the State subscribed nine issue of the Lexington Herald is so aptthousand and roads to the extent or and so logical that THE NEWS reproeighteen thousand are built under State duces it at tlie request of severalaid and built properly, but 1 ask any Readers:man if the other twentv-one thousand ! "If a man came to your home in the.jis in most cases as wisely expended early morning, rapped upon your doorand at the end of a period of years until you awakened and then left witli-Take the following head used on-ATfo ill 1 flttAxf I r sm sm 4 (ir!H.nl T71 ...ti!a wrir c Z Tin rar- nl ci " which investment will .prove the wiser? out any other apparent purpose thanthe Woiks Saes 40 Per Cent" Show- T .. if. .. .. - .oir,w .i,i fQQi i... ,.ing that he has cut out tlie profit ofone or more middlemen, plus freight-Last vear the various counties of waiting you, you would teei uiat youKentucky omitting bond issues, levied had a ground for just complaint. If he.a iif,i rn .n,i mr-nncexi, orTv. returner! mnm'nir aftpr 'mnrnim- n!f,?!fcaj re&ulr. or irregular intervals, you" f-iViikl 110 a ennnf iinrcheaper."Reason Why" copy states in simple.j which was spent under State aid, the ( would load a shot gun with salt andState giving a like amount and the' salt him well upon his approach orfor protectioninvested?I j u..:it r.K.,. fm. ftinmcnivoo Huf jinnpnl in thp nnlippdirect language why an article is sudc-' . . ., , -, i.t ..u i J Sii.. ' t , I ask the people to consider of the from his annoyance."'". , ..1" V'"01-1 ,' ".,lcim I other $1,600,000 was as economically, "A man has as much right to go tois verv effective:"Blank's Lamp Chimneys GiveMore Light. Almost Never Break jfrom Heat, Fit the Lamp, Avoid !That Sickening Lamp Odor." jAny housewife would be attracted byTHE JUNE COSMOPOLITAN.your front door and rap upon thatdoor and waken you as he has to senda noise from a rock quarry or a factorythrough your bedroom window and'waken you at an hour when, by theJune Cosmopolitan is the handiwork customs of the country, you have .niiinru. in? r,i0 ct,f'omt nr of Jack London, Fannie Hust. Mary right to expect quiet. But by thpractical advantages Roberts Reinhart, John Galsworthv, custom of this city no one has a rightPerhaps the most effective argument '"Herbert Kafn,an' Rouert W. Cham- to expect quiet at any hour of the dayof all is to state the price But it ' bers Ella Wheeler Wilcox, Samuel or night. But there will sometimeneeds to be accompanied with a brief Merain- Howard Chandler Christy. Lil- coone a state or civilization that willSERVICEVS.COSTWhen you buy something- tckeep, its value to juii must bemeasured in terms of servicenot cost.It may be cheap at $100.00, oiexpensive at &10 00.You buy not the article itself,but what it will do for you.Our glasses, by relieving eyestrain perform an importantservice to the wearer, and areworth many times our reasonable charge.Careful eye examination without the use of drops.We Fit WhereOthers FailAny lens quickly duplicated.FRYE & FRANKLINDOCTORS OF OPTOMETRYDow Eldg., opp. Windsor Hotelstatement sufficient to persuade the iIie Langtry' Arthur Somers Itoche entitle one to expect Ijuietreader that the goods have more value iRamlolph Chcster' T; D' SkidmoreJ II you were in a hotelthan the price would indicate.The Lot of the Umpire.Editoiials are noted in several ex-- changes protesting against the charac-1teristic habit of baiting the baseballumpire. A heavy dose of contumelyand activo insult usually goes with themodest sum of money given for thisservice. Also there are times when he !needs a very considerable knowledgeoC tlie manly art of self-defense.Good umpiring calls for a quick wit,ability to concentrate the mind, a fac-thoughtful, mentally stimulating, en-grossingly entertaining. It would be. right to goulty for accurate observation, a judi".cial spirt, a cool temper, and a familr1arity with baseball rules. A greattinany men are umpiring very considerable games who are lackiiig in anumber of these qualities, sometimes.about all of them.Yet cases where the umpiring isdeliberately "unfair are not common.WJiat happens is that from failure ofeyesight or proper attention, often fromjudging a play from too great a distance, a decision is made that is clearly wrong. It is a very difficult thingnot to make at least one such bad decision in a game. The fair mindedand someRichard Washburn Child. W. T. Benda one came to your door in the middle'and Harrison Fisher. jof the night and rapyed upon it untilj The content is one of travel, art, fie you wakened and answered, you wouldtion, verse, essay and biography appeal to the proprietor for protectionfrom annoyance. Any one has the sameto your door and wakendifficult to disprove Cosmopolitan s you as lie lias to send the noise of theclaim that the June issue contains 'exhaust of a motor car through yourmore of the diverse subjects about window and disturb your slumber. Butwhich the intelligent American people so accustomed have we become to suchcares to read, written by more of the annoyance that guests do not even apfirst writers of the English speaking peal to, the proprietor ol a hotel forworld, than will be found in the com- protection. The city authorities do notbined issues of all the other magazines think we require protection from such'of the month. You con test the state- noises."ment for yourself, as the June Cosmo-jpolitan is now on sale.ROAD TO HAPPINESS.THE HOE BEHIND THE GUN."According to H. C. Hoover, the orgun-( izing genius of the Belgian Relief Cim-Be amiable, cheerful and good na- mission, if Americans don't waste lesstured and you are much more likely and produce more, the Allies may beto be happy. You will find this dlfil-forced to make ipeace through starva-cult, if not impossible, however, whenvim Mir. riiiiMHtiTi v i rniiinun wirn rnn tstipation. Take Chamberlain's Tab-,the war This paper is doinS its utlets and get rid of that and it will be most to &ive Pwer to "the hoe behindeasy. These tablets not only move.16 &un." Citizens must rememberthe bowels, but improve' the appetite that the fanner must make war as welland strengthen the digestion.. as the soldier and that farm and mili-(may-adv) tary interests now stand first.Try a Package ofDarling'sMeatCrispsFor Your Little ChickensIt is Just the Thing.For Sale byW. C. DODSONSouth Main St.v The Home off Good CoalBlack Hawk and JanesvilleCorn PlantersMcCormick and BrownHarrows2. Ball GarageCor. Fourth and Pleasant St&.Agents Buick AutomobilesGoodyear Tires.Our Vulcanizing Departmentis equipped with steam vulcanizer and run by an expert.team Heated GarageOPEN DAY AND NIGHTEverybodyTelephone 2585Know;Hendricks. Lexington, Ky.All Metal(Higgins Mfg. Co.)Window ScreensWeather StripsWALGER AWNINGSBest Screen Doors and Windows InThe World.Window and Door Equipments.T. A. HENDRICKSLEXINGTON, KY.KENTUCKY TRACTION& TERMINAL COMPAQInterurban Schedule.CARS LEAVE10:05 p. m.ParisforLexington6:45 a. m.7:30 a. m.8:15 a. m.9:00 a. ra9;45 a. m.11:15 a. m.12:45 p. m.2:15 p. m.3:45 p. m.4:30 p. m.5:15 p. m.6:05 p. m.6:50 p. m.8:15 p. m.11:00 p. m.LexingtonforParis6:00 a. m.7:20 a. m.8:00 a. m.8:50 a. m.10:20 a. m.11:50 a. m.1:20 p. m.2:50 p. m.3:30 p. m.4:20 p. m.5:00 p. m.6:00 p. m.7:20 p. m.9:10 p. x.XProfessional Cards.PILES! PILES! PILES!WILLIAMS' INDIAN PILE OINTMENTWill cure Blind, Bleeding and Itding mica.It absorbs the tumors, allays Itching: at once,acts a a- poultice, gives instant relief.For sale by all druggists, Bail 50c as4 fl.00.Bourbon Building: StLoan AssociationFIRST NAT'L BANK BUILDINGIN REAR OF BANKEntrance on Fourth StreetDR. WM. KENNEYEye, Ear, Nose and Throat.ROOMS 403-404.FIRST NAT'L BANK BUILDING.PHONE 136.WM. GRANNANAttorney-at-LawROOMS 40M02.FIRST NAT'L BANK BUILDINGCAHAL BROS.BARBER SHOPTLUAMrC.COtPr,,Cfv0 i PremP dx CourtMu ;Attntlon toPartrtww.OBERDORFER, The Drugflitt ,HOT AMD COLD ATMt.,t-".--.h:TUBSOAY, VCA.Y 15, 1917.THE BOURBON NEWS, PARIS, KYtPAGE THRUFor Rent.ice ground floor room in residencoo Pleasant street, near Tenth, conenient to L. & N. station and postoffice. Only desirable roomer wantedGas, be etc Cal1 Vkl office.ANNOUNCEMENT.For Rent.Nice cottage on Winchester street,just across L. & N. tracks. Conveniently located.FIRST NATIONAL BANK.(S-tf)For Rent.Three nice rooms, with electriclights and gas. Call at115 DUNCAN AVENUE.(3-tf)We are authorized to announce the, good Democrats below as candidiateaas ine uemocrauc primary on August4. 1917, to fill the offices to whichtliey aspire:FOR STATE SENATORLEE WAINSCOTT,Clark County.GEORGE HON,Clark County.ABRAM RENICK,Clark County.For Rent.Nice 4-room flat with water, gas andelectric lights, over Cahal's BarberShop. Most convenient location inParis. Apply to(tf) CAHAL BROS.For SaleOne set of dining room furniture, lalire'trclaBfi condition. Call HomePkone 96, Paris.For Sale.Several used automobiles. Thesecars are all in good condition and canbe bought right for cash.DICKERSON & DOUGLAS GARAGE.FOR REPRESENTATIVE.C. M. THOMASFOR SHERIFF.WILL G. McCLINTOCK,. iu Doc Marshall and Bob Gilkey asdeputies.L. A. SOPER,With D. E. Clarke and L. C. Ashcraftas deputies.SOCIAL AND PERSONAL. Inmnnnn i'-H"i-i-n 1 11 1 nm 11 mm 1 i i I n i i i m m i t 4 1 n 1 1 t 1 1 miiiiihComings and Goings of OurPeople Here, There and IElsewhere.FOR COUNTY JUDGE.GEORGE BATTERTONc. a. McMillan.FOR COUNTY ATTORNEYDAVID D. CLINE.COUNTY SUPERINTENDENT OFSCHOOLS.J. B. CAYWOOD.MISS MABEL ROBBINS.FOR JAILERGEO. W. JUDYTHOS. TAUL, "JOHN H. DOTY,WALKER RISER,C. T. MASTERSON.W. O. BUTLER,JOHN W. KING,J. W. HART.Wanted.FOR ASSESSORWALTER CLARK,af Paris, with Jno. J. Redmon, of NorthMiddletown, as deputy.GEO. D. SPEAKES,of Paris, with Lee R. Craven, of LittleiRdtSk. at Deputy.FOR MAYORJAMES H. MORELAND.W. 0. HINTONB. B. JANUARYCallOae hundred barrels of corn.I. D. THOMPSON,Cumb. Phone 628,(10-tf) Paris, Ky.Wool Wanted.We are in the market for your woolGet your sacks at the IndependentTobacco Warehouse.(1-tf) CLARK & YOUNG.Hemp Seed For Sale.Good cultivated hemp seed for sale.Call or writeSTANHOPE WIEDEMANN,,(10-tf) Route 8, Paris, Ky.Volunteers WantedThe First Kentucky Regiment of Infantry calls for Volunteers. Apply tooffice of this paper for information andarrangements for transportation toLouisville, or address,CAPTAIN ELLERBE W. CARTER,Recruiting Officer, First Ky. Inf. N. G.,Louisville, Ky.FOR POLICE JUDGECLAUDE F. REDMON,J. W. BROWN,P. A. THOMPSONHARRY L. MITCHELL.ERNEST MARTINCIRCUS TRAVELS BY MOTOR, iOnce when an American circustoured Europe, the Kaiser dropped hisroyal affairs and traveled incognitowith it not for any particular love ofJ the circus, but to study its transports-jtion system. And, according to tuestory, the Kaiser learned many things.Now, the American circus is taking atip from the Kaiser, and is employingmotor trucks instead of railroad trainsto carry its equipment from town totown. By this method, performancesmay be given in 1,214 towns whichcould not be played before on accountof the lack of railroad facilities, andit is estimated by the managementthat a saving of from $1,200 to $1,500a day transportation fees may be effected. The trucks will travel at therate of not more than ten miles anhour, so as not to disturb the sleep ofithe performers , and assistants, andwill carry altogether a total weight of3.500 tons. Circus scouts on motorcycles will ride ahead to point out thecorrect road.Mr. John Wilder continues very illat his home on High streetMrs. Thompson H. Tarr has asguest Mrs'. Clarence Martin, of Louisville. Mrs. W. E. Ellis ha3 returned froma visit to friends and relatives in Cynthiana. Mrs. B. F. Knox and son, of Washington, D. C, are guests of Miss MaryKenney.Mrs. H. B. Arnold and daughter.Miss Hazel Arnold, are visiting Mr.and Mrs. Earl Smith, in Shelbyville.Mrs. Taylor Chandler and littledaughter, of Covington, were guestsseveral days last week of Miss JennieHoward. jMrs. Elizabeth Gregory Hughesleft Saturday for an extended visit toher sister, Mrs. Ella Nickels, in Cin-jcinnati. 'Mr. T. M. Funk lias returned from 'Louisville, where lie attended the meeting of the State Laundry Owners' As-,sociation. IRev. and Mrs. J. Taylor Sharrardhave returned from a visit to Mrs. W.K. Griffith, near Broadwell, in Harrison county.Mrs. Lee Curry, of Harrodsburg, isa guest of her daughter, Miss MiriamCurry, at the home of Mr. and Mrs. R.B. Hutchcraft, Sr., on Houston avenue.Mrs. E. F. Spears and daughters,Misses Mary and Elizabeth Spears,have returned from Los Angeles, California, where they have been guestsfor several weeks of Mr. and Mrs. W.L. Yerkes.Mr. and Mrs. Stanley Swango, ofDayton, Ohio, who have been guests ofMrs. Swango's sisters, Mrs. J. &.Ritchie and Miss Nell Ferguson, onSecond street, have gone to West Liberty, Ky., to visit Mrs. Swango's parents. Mrs. R. L. Wilson has returned toher home in this city from the ClarkCounty Hospital, at Winchester, whereshe had been under treatment andwhere she undewent a very seriousoperation. Mrs. Wilson is greatly improved. Mr. and Mrs. J. W. Bacon have asguests at their home on Cypress street,the following party from Newport, whoare making an automobile tour of theBlue Grass: Mrs. Wright Youtsey,Mrs. James Smith, Mrs. Southgate andMiss Margaret Air.Mr. and Mrs. Charles Hopkins, Mrs.W. C. Potts and little daughter, MissCarolyn Duvall Potts, and Mrs. J. R.Sale, left Saturday for a visit to Mr.and Mrs. J. A. Rice, in Spencer countyMrs. Potts will visit Mrs. Earl Smithin Shelby county, before returning toher home in this city. 'Miss Edna Keller has resigned theposition she has so efficiently filled asstenographer in the office of Mr. W. V.Shaw, general agent of the Louisville& Nashville, at this point, and has accepted a similar position with Chas.S. Brent & Bro. She is succeeded atithe freight office by Miss Mary Rourke.The big military ball given by theladies of Lexington in the PhoenixHotel ballroom last week in honor ofthe "boys" who are going to the military training camps, was a most elaborate and pleasing function, attendedby hundreds of sTB TIIIH III NEEDFOR SUMMER COMFORTNB W ICEBBRSAVES ICE!How about your old refrigerator? Don't youcy--v-:lit'-.. -&;&mm k k41 i-think you had better get the NEW ICEBERG to savethe ice bill, as you know the advance in the priceof ice?THE NEW ICEBERGWill Keep Your Food theWay It Should Be Kept.The New Process Gas StoveWill Save You Several DollarsThis Year By Using GasLet us show you the Gas Range that will lead them allin baking.Get Coolmore Porch Shades For Your PorchPorch Swings $3.25 up to $22.00. See ThemJA. F. Wheeler Furniture Co.Main Street CHAS. GREEN, Manager Opp. Court House11 i 1 1H FTffrfW" 1" I"M"'W"i" !" ! M' 1 H !! I IM ! H- j 11 1 1 1 H II 1 1 1 1"SPADE UP THE YARD."Scrap Iron Wanted.I am paying fifty cents per hundredfor all kinds of scrap iron. Not leasthan 1,000 pounds. This material canbe -weighed at any city scales. This isto be delivered to the cars on the LottisTiUe & Nashville tracks, opposite thefreight depot.Call us over the Cumberland 'phene347-J: frMAX MUNICH,Eighth Street, Paris, Ky.(oct20-lyr)There comes the grapevine newsthat a young matron, wife of a prominent landowner, wrote from some-ociety people from all where h Kentucky to a Louisvillei. ti p.mco Amnno- thnpp n woman mieresieu m -ueu wuss wuin.attendance from Paris and others to ask what a group of patrioticwhose names and faces are familiar young wmen in the vicinity of herones to Paris people were Mr. and home could do to serve their country.Mrs. Arthur B. Hancock, Mrs. Jennie The repiy wag about as follows:Kenney Lyle, Miss Genevieve MolloyJ ..jjgg more cows pjgs ana chick-Miss Kate Alexander, miss Aiaruui..Tintnn ATr Maurice Burnauch. MissPatchogue (L. I.) Methodist churchlas celebrated its one hundred andtwenty-fifth birthday.Carolyn Roseberry, Mr. Charlton Clayand Miss Artie Ashbrook.(Other Personals on Page 5)The deaths from accidents in theImited States aggregate 35,000 peryear.LOSTSomewhere on the streets of Paris,on Friday, a black bar pin. Finderplease return to THE NEWS office.Suitable reward.FORMER PARIS WOMANSUICIDES IN NEW YORK.ens and spade up the back yard."Cows, of course, are not raised bywomanfolk. Nor are they milked bythem nowadays save in rare cases.The dairy maid in a comic opera survive rather than an actual figure offarm life where milk is produced com-'imercially. Pig raising is a man'swork. Suading up the back yard maybe exigent in Germany and England.In Kentucky the question of whetherthe twenty-acre pasture should beturned under for grain may well bemooted. The question of gettingenough labor to till the fields is aL. & N. TIME TABLE .Effective Sunday, April 22, 1917, 12:01 a. m.w BKpME3flEM VfK R mm' 'xrX?'&t!k&News reached here of the suicide afew days ago in New York, of Mrs. Elizabeth Harmon, a former resident ofParis, who took her life In a New Yorkhotel, in a fit of despondency.Mrs. Harmon was the widow of Maj.JOnn AieWUUCl iwuu, " v , ,llocaftn in iho linStatesArmy andwasasister-in-lawof, - summer wfflMr. Archer Harmon, .;f;Cto find a farm hand who is not tooinently in litigation in the courts of GXtensive agriculture to de-Kentucny icr nverL ,o. u . to cutlvating the gardeilson was assigned for the act Her, .n Qrbody was found with a bullet holethrough her head and a revolver lying, y a ty of womenby her side. fnr'in the county even wives of well-to-Mrs. Harmon resided in Paris for. ,mTOl,i iQV .nnMntio.a time, while the extension of theu-, extend their ugual actly.isville & Nashville from Paris to Win- f ag nousehold economists, andChester, Richmond and "W- ;preServers, of food, which in ordinaryston was under construction. Her f o tn m, tn waste.brother-in-law, Mr. Arch Harmon,was well-known here in the days of theconstruction of this extension, and wasin Paris frequently on business connected with the railroad, having had acontract for part of the work betweenhere and Winchester. He formerlylived in Louisville.times would be allowed to go to waste.Courier-JournalRACE PROGRAM PLANNEDFOR MONTGOMERY FAIR.This Modern and Convenient Home Will Be Sold at PublicAuction onWednesday, May 16, at 2 P. M.This beautiful place is situated on Cypress street and contains 8 rooms,bath, electric light and all modern conveninces. Lot is 50 feet front andrunning back to Houston Creek. Reason for parting with this-convenient andmodern home is that owner has about completed new house in country andT? il6ive on farm in future. Sale will be made on easy terms.J. F- WETHERALL.For further Information call on or address,HARRIS brfcAMp,$1.50TRAINS FROM ARRIVALNo.134 Lexingion, daily except Sunday 5:18 a34 Atlanta, daily .)., 5:25 am25 Cynthiana, daily except Sunday ......7:35 aat10 Rowland, daily except Sunday ....7:36am11 Maysville daily except Sunday,, ..,...7:3S am40 Lexington daily except Sunday. . , , , ,..7:40 ai211 Maysville, Sunday anly g:oo. am210 Rowland, Sunday only ..- . .1!18:05 an140 Lexington, Sunday only 8:10 arr17 Maysville, daily except Sunday 9:50 aa37 Cincinnati, O., daily !!! 5:52?Wtt12 Lexington, dally 10:12 am38 Chicago, daily 10:17 am26 Lexington, Daily Except Sunday 12:0099 Cynthiana, Dally Except Sunday J" m'm 2:5Sym9 MaysTiHe, Dairy Except Sunday 3:00 itei138 Lexington, Daily i .rcc . . . i:.Vi ..... '. Y. 3:12 pm38 Knorvflle, Tenn., Doily 31&mi19 Mayaxille, Daily , 5:40 pm39 Cincinnati, Dajly Except Sunday 5:50' m14 Lexington, Daily Except Sunday !.".!! 6:1ft fm32 Jacksonville, Fla., Dally "..!!! '.'..'. ':Z$rfm.-214 Lexington, Sunday only " . . ... 9:20 pm239 Cincinnati, Sunday only - V" V.'.V 93(TpM.31 Cincinnati, O., Daily : . "...!"!.'!. ".1038 pcT130 Lexington Daily ..... .10:23'- p' mjThe Moitcomery County Fair boardof directors held a meeting arid decidedto offer one of the best race programsthev have ever given. The races planned are a two-year-old trot for $300;three-year-old trot for $250; 2:15 trotfor $400; 2:40 trot for ?200; u:zu trotfor $300; 2:40 pace for $200; 2:20 pacefor $300, and free-for-all pace for $300,and eight thoroughbred races, one fourand one-half furlongs, $125; six furlongs, $200; four and one-half furlongs,$175; Montgomery County Derby, oneand' one-quarter miles, $600.The association will also offer a nicefloral hall exhibit and an automobileshow, this exhibit to be given in lieuof the old-fashioned horse and buggyexhibit It is likely that the largesaddle horse premiums that have heretofore been given will be materiallydecreased because of- the few stablesthat are to be found and 4he little Interest that is -shown in the .horse-, business throughout the State.TOCincinnatiand ReturnOn Special Sunday Excursion onSUNDAY,MAY20Special train leaves Paris 8:20a. m., arriving in Cincinnati at10:30 a. m. 'Returning leaves Cincinnati(4th, Street Station) at; 7 p. m.W. V. SHAW,: Agent.J. K. SMITH, T.,A.TRAINS FOR . LEAVNO.16 Maysville, Daily except Sunday 5.30 a34 Cincinnati, waily !!!530am40 Cincinnati, dally except Sunday !!!!!!.! !7:45 aa11 Lexington, daily except Sunday ". .747 ahx10 Maysville, daily except Sunday ..". 748 aii211 Lexington, Sunday only V..810 aS340 Cincinnati, Sunday only . ...V820 ant25 . Lexington, daily except Sunday ". .7.". 9 55 m37 Knoxville, daily !!s57 am133 Lexington, daily ...!!!l020 am33 Jacksonville, daily !!!!l0:22 as18 Maysville, daily '..'.'.'. .12' 04 vm26 Cynthiana, daily except Sunday 71l2:05 pm13 Lexington, daily except Sunday 317 bm38 Cincinnati, daily !.7'3:20 m39 Lexington, daily except Sunday 5". K79 Rowland, Daily except Sunday 7..."..'.!. &-qq w14 Maysville, daily except Sunday Iq J32 Chicago, dally .7.77.7..' i:38 S30 Cynthiana, dally except Sunday V '4i S139 Lexington, Sunday only 7.77. it 2US Maysville, Sunday only, r.v-. . " - 7 ". I ! 1 1 .' ' rS 2214 Maysville, Sunday only "?5? 5239 Lexington, Sunday only .' ;?"?209 Richmond, Sunday only .' q.in 52119 Rowland, Sunday only I'.Vi 5J?129 Lexington, Daily .... iiTpm.NO.yTRAINS ARRIVE FROMa.2 Frankfort, Ky., Daily Bx. Sunday 7.o w4 Frankfort. Kv.. Dailv Kt. Rnnrtav L'ZZ, ., ., , fc.fcUTRAINS, DEPART FOR ? -1 Frankfort, Ky., DaUy Ex. Sanday ....,:t Frankfort. Ky., DailyEx. Suniwy......,,;,. ;,VIKi4ir.-fr.'v:..'. ' ". 5 V -ta-AM!- Is.,-"TrktflB FOURTHffi BOURBON NEWS, PARIS, KY., TUESDAY, MAY 15, 1117.The Bourbon NewsEstablished 188136 Years of ConUnions Publication.TWO "MOTHERS' DAYS."Btiblished Every Tuesday and Friday.Per Year... $2.00 Six Months... $1.00Payable in Advance.CWIFT CHAMP, Editor and Owner,(Contributed)Paris is having two "Mother's Days."One "was last Sunday, when everybody wore a carnation in his buttonhole, carried an extra handkerchief inhis pocket, and blew his nose loudlyat what the preacher said. The otherwill be Monday, when Mother willfeel just as happy and as choky andas funny as she did last Sunday.But instead of sitting around, listen(Altered at the Paris, Kentucky,Postoffice as Mail Matter of theSecond Class.)RELIGIOUS.BOURBON COUNTY BUSINESS 1 BOURBON BOYS ACCEPTED American army. Although the list isMEN'S CLUB FORMED, j FOR OFFICERS' RESERVE CORPS not yet complete, the announced rosterj covers practically all acceptances.Rev. w. O. Sadler, pastor of the iParis Methodist church, will be theprincipal speaker at the celebration ofJefferson Davis Memorial Day, on June3, by the Lexington Chapter, DaughtersI of Confederacy.Rev. Geo. H. Harris, rector of St. 'INDIANAPOLIS, May 12. Col. Edwin F. Glenn, commanding the Offi-The following were accepted fromParis and Bourbon county: Morton Y.jieFt ! Peter's Episcopal church, of Paris, willVOTE FOR THE BOND ISSUE.iiitr to what somebody says ofMother will be busy and will feel more ?reae a e meeting mis evening ; h H c, Jr B A Franknatural. For, on Monday, Mother Is of services to be held 'R Davl chas c clarke Samgoing to vote for Mary Jane to have a n furof th? fdMShep Clay. B. B. January, Henry S. Caychance to learn about food values, and f f ?to"i wood, N. Ford Brent and Frank P.calories and carbohydrates, and ways ' e next meeng of the Bourbon I 'of cutting the high cost of living, such """ UW1 uvcuuuu W1"as are taught in a Domestic Science be held in the Christian church atcourse, and Tom wants a chance to bet North Middletown on Tuesday andT,f Monnnl Trninintr once lint's I cuueauaj-, XMity .v unu ou. All exAt a joint meeting of the farmers,stockmen and members and officers ofthe Paris Commercial Club held in thecounty court room Friday afternoon,the organization of the Bourbon County Business Men's Club was effectedU... Vi oalarfinn rtP tho follnwinf nffi-cers- A. B. Hancock, President; Law- West Virginia, who have been accept Middletown; Julian T. Adair, Millers-rence Price, Vice-president; Rudolph ed for tramine as fficers for the new burDavis, secretary; C. K. Thomas, treas-urer; Board of Directors, John J. Wil-.cers' Reserve Corps training camp at Colliver, Hugh Campbell, Raymond W.Fort Benjamin Harrison, iate Satur- Ogden, Herman Atlas, Catesby Spears,day, made public the names of the can- Edwin F. Spears, Lawrence Lavin,didates of Indiana, Kentucky, Ohio and "William Collins, Robert G. Jones, North,ILL iuui. manual j. . vjitt, ..iuu .... walways SO crowded tcuc,a viu&uuu uaa ueeii prepureu lorMother thinks May Jane may have the occasion, which will be given toto help run a kitchen for the war- ,the Public through the press at a fuorphans, and Tom might be a ship's iture.,carpenter some day. You can't tell l Mr- R- A- oiin of Cincinnati, O.,tho xenv thhW innk nmv Anvwav. :one of the most noted speakers in re-, ,.J 0w -w ... J , ,Motherpared.believes in their being pre-COUNCIL PROCEEDINGSligious work in the West, and one ofthe best-known workers in the Sunday school movement, will address themembers of the Men's Bible Class ofthe Paris Christian church at the regular Sunday school hour, on Sunday,May 20. Mr. Doan has a message forAt the last regular meeting of thePoric Oif-v P.minril Hio. vsi on n rv In thf! .. . . .. ji.T, nP , ttt .every man, and it is hoped that noneCouncil caused by the death of Mr. w. i J ' . . .. .. ,Tr ,, ., i. ,, ini. I will fad to avail himself of the chancejc-very voter m i-ans, doui men ana a Wallen. was filled bv the appoint-women, should register on the special ment of Mr. S. Kenney Nichols. Mr.registration day, May 21, so as to be Nichols well-known business abilityable to vote for the issuance of $46,000 m ma him a valuable addition toworth of bonds to be used to enlarge tne ranks of the Council,the City Schools. Messrs. J. Will Thomas, Chas. J.The school is inadequate to accom- Lancaster and Walker Muir were ap-modate the patronage, more room is intp,i iv ATnvnr wintnn m sprve asto hear him.MEN'S BIBLE CLASSES.The Men's Bible Class of the ParisChristian Church resolved at theirmeeting, April 22, to support a Frencfiorphan for one year at a cost of$36.50, the offering to be made onpervisors.neefled and needed badly. This is the nleml)ers of the city Board o Tax sa-" C":?U"!UUUUtUU AL II UJ 1WUUU llllll, UliUUObj enough had been contributed to sup-! rrrf fwn nrnlmnc nne vcrnr TMion Ifa permit to build a residence, probable itrna AnnAnr, tn , -7o n Lv.?i,A ,. , x ' . .iwas decided to raise ?7.i.00, which was. 'vvv " " w quickly done and now the class isine council oruereu coutrautonly way provided to enlarge theschool building, the issuance of bondsfor that purpose. A vote will be takenon June 2 of all legal voters on theabove question. No one will be entitled to vote on this date unless theyare legally registered. Registrationday is May 21stRead over the good reasons givenBON NEWS, why you should votein another column of to-day's BOURto issue these honds. It takes a twothird majority of those voting, for thquestion to carry. While we believethat fully 90 per cent, of the tax payersof Paris are In favor of the Bond Issue,we don't believe in taking chances,and urge everyone to register andVOTE for the issuance of these bondsThe purpose of the new organizationis to promote the business interests ofevery farmer and merchant in thecounty, and to get the country peopleand the people of Paris into a closerunion of friendly relations.A meeting of the new organizationwas held in the court house Saturdayafternoon at three o'clock. Addresseswere made by Prof. Good, of the Ken-ktucky Agricultural Experiment Station,at Lexington, on "Live Stock," Prof, jBryan, of the Experiment Station, on"Economics," Mr. Jonas Weil, on "Pa-jtriotism." and Prof. Kenney, Agricul-Itural expert of the Experiment Station jon "Agriculture."The meeting was largely attended,and will be the means of greatly stimulating the interest of the farmers andothers in the question of increased foodproduction.PATRIOTIC MEETING FORRED CROSS SATURDAY.to'begin the work of constructing thesewer systqm connecting Vine streetand Henry Addition with the mainsystem.THE WEATHER.W. C. T. U. CONVENTIONCLOSES AT LITTLE ROCK.The weather forecast for the weekbeginning Sunday, May 13, as sent outby the Weather Bureau as Washington, is as follows:For Ohio Valley and Tennessee:Cool beginning of week. Considerablywarmer by Tuesday or Wednesday andnormal temperature thereafter. Excent local rains Wednesday or Thursday, generally fair.The Seventh District W. C. T. TJ.Old residents say they do not 're-warmerweather the situation will be very serious.TOWN HOME FOR SALE.Convention closed its sessions at Little member a May where there was such(Rock, this county, Friday with the a continuance of cold weather as theelection of the following officers: Mrs. present month has shown. There hasLula Weathers Gehagan, of Chilesburg, een an almost entire absence of sunpresident; Mrs. Nellie J. Stuckey, of shine, badly, needed to rmature the garLexington, vice-president; Mrs. Sarah dens and crops that were sown whenGraves Clark, of Chilesburg, corres- there was a promise of early spring,ponding secretary: Mrs. Rena Shan- The outlook is very discouraging andnon. of Lexineton. recordine secretarv: unless there is a return toMrs. Clara McDonald, of Hutchison,treasurer.In the medal contest participated inhy six young ladles of Mrs. Ada Reid'sclass, Miss Mabel Ammerman wasawarded first prize. Miss Ammermanrecited, "Guilty or Not Guilty?" Theother contestants, Misses Rowena Noe,Anita Hinton, Lucy Williams and FayDuvall, acquitted themselves admirably. A sumptuous dinner was served Friday at noon to about 150 delegates andvisitors in the Little Rock Christianchurch.A telegram urging prohibition as awar measure was sent to PresidentWilson from the convention, also one(to Mrs. Frances E. Beauchamp, StatePresident, who is organizing new unions in the western part of the State.LAUNDRY MEN ADJOURN.Mr. W. R. Johnson, of Lebanon, waselected president of the Kentucky Aseocl&tlon of Laundry Owners, whichadjourned at Louisville, Friday, aftera three-days' session. Mr. Thos. M.Funk, of Paris, was elected one of thedelegates to the National Convention,"which (meets in Washington City nextKay. The next meeting of the StateAssociation will be held in Lexingtonjiext year.The 8-room city residence of J. P.Weatherall, on Cypress street is to besold on May 16. Read advertisementin another column. (H-2t)NORWOOD STITT BECOMESMEMBER OF U. S. ARMY.Mr. Norwood Stitt, who left Parissome months ago to take a position inthe employ of the Burroughs AddingMachine Co., in San Francisco. Cali..writes his father, Judge Harmon Stitt,of this city, that he has enlisted inthe field artillery service of the United States Army at San Francisco, andwill be assigned to the training campnear San Francisco.Mr. Stitt is a graduate of the Millersburg Military Institute, and thegood training he received there willenable him to get a good start in theart of fighting the enemy.supporting two orphans in France.The organized J3ible cla'sses all overthe land are doing things similar to the !ipatef and an interesting program is beabove every day and are thus making !ing worfce(i out which will be present-A patriotic meeting to stimulate interest in the work of the BourbonCounty Red Cross Society will be heldin Paris, Saturday afternoon. Therewill be a parade in which local organizations and members of the NationalGuard now on duty here will partici-themselves exemplars of practicalChristianity.Every man in Paris and Bourboncounty should be members of someMen's Bible Class and avail themselves of an opportunity to not onlystudy the Bible and learn its lessons,but to put themselves into actual practico.There are organized Adult BibleClasses in every church in the cityand in most of those in the county,which gives every one an opportunityto join the class of his choice.LADIES' SUITS.Harry Simon is closing out all his$22.50 and $25 suits, at $14.98. (It)OMAR KHAYYAM WINSTHE KENTUCKY DERBY.L. & N. PAY DAY.Checks for the semi-monthly payrollfor employes of the Louisville & Nashville, were received at the Paris officeSunday and distributed to the employes yesterday morning. xIn one oLthe most brilliant exhibitions of stretch running ever seen inLouisville, Omar Khayyam, carryingthe colors of Billings & Johnson, ofNew York, and trained by C. T. Patterson, won the forty-third renewal ofthe Kentucky Derby at Churchill(Downs, Saturday, before the largestcrowd that has ever witnessed theevent. The imported Marco-Lismacolt carried 117 pounds and ran thomile and a quarter in 2:40 3-5. This isthe richest stake for three-year-olds inAmerica, being worth $16,600 net tothe winner.The favorite in the betting, AndrewMiller's Ticket, was second, twolengths back, with a length and ahalf separating A. W. Parrish's Mid-iway in tnird place. Harry FayneWhitney's fast tiring Ricket was next,four lengths back, with the early pacemaker, Stargazer, in next position.Omar Khayyam began very slowly,Jockey c5Borel restraining him fromthe early pace, but when called uponturning into the stretch he respondedgamely and overtook his field one byone.The winners in the opening day'sevents were as follows: First race,Prince of Como; second race, James T.Clark; third race, Roamer; fourthrace, Chamlers; fifth race, OmarKhayyam; sixth race, Sixteen to One;seventh race, Aldebaran.HIGH GRADE HOUSE &SIGN PAINTINGInterior DecoratingHard Wood FinishingWALLPAPERPAINTS WINDOW GLASSEAGLE and DUTCH BOY WHITE LEADSHERWIN-WILLIAMS MIXED PAINTSBERRY BROTHERS and PRATT & LAMBERTCELEBRATED VARNISHES"The Best," Our MottoC. A. DaughertyParis, KentuckyPARISIAN ENLISTS INCANADIAN AVIATION CORPSFifth and Main StreetsMr. Clark Wilson, son of Mr. andMrs. David Wilson, of Paris, who hasbeen connected with the Overland Au-.tomobile Works, in Cleveland, Ohio, forj several months, has been accepted asI a member of the aviation corps in theCanadian Army. Mr. Wilson passed a'successful examination Friday at thetraining camp in Windsor, Canadaand will be assigned to preliminaryt raining with a corps of American avi-ators in the coming struggle.I A card to THE NEWS man froml Mr. Wilson, says: "I have just passed.a successful examination In the Avia-'tion Corps at Windsor, Canada. So.you see I now have a King to look to.Still I am a good American and will doall I can to help the Allies and America. Will take a thorough course andcome back to the American AviationCorps after while."BEAUTIFUL HOME AT AUCTION.The Wetherall home on CypressStreet will be sold on May 16 at 2o'clock. Read the advertisement. (2t)CARD OF THANKS.We desire to thank our friends forthe kindness and sympathy shown usin the loss of our mother, Mrs. MarthaRoss; also Rev. W. O. Sadler, for hisconsoling words, and the undertaker,Mr. Davis, for his services.THE BEREAVED FAMILY.ed that afternoon under the auspices ofthe Red Cross Chapter. A more extended notice will be given in Friday'sissue of THE NEWS.CALLED MEETING.The members of A. J. Lovely Co..Uniform Rank Knights of Pythias, arecalled to meet at their Castle Hall at7:30 to-morrow night to make arrangements for participating in the RedCross parade Saturday.W. W. DUDLEY, Capt.BrightenUoAmerica?Sherwin-WilliamsPAINTS ZrVARNISHESIn Ceylon the largest pears areworth ?200 to $250 in Europe andAmerica they sell at more than threetimes this price.Had the late Mr. Nero owned a phonograph it would have saved him a lotof fiddling while Rome was burning. ,1Your House ISfeeds Paintand when a house needs paint, it needsSherwin-WilliamsPaint, PreparedWhile we are brightening up- America, don'tthink of paint merely as a beautifier it's morethan that it's a protector and a preserver.Nothing can add more to the beauty of yourhome than SWP, but its greatest virtue is protection against Winter's snow and Summer's sun.Let us solve your painting problems.C. A. Daugherty;. i ! ! ! ! ! .! . !. ! ! ! .f. .j. .;. ,. . ,. ,. . .;. ,. 4. .p ,i .1. 4. . ..4. ,f. 4. . . 4. 4. ,. .f. ,x. ! .1. .! .f. 4. .. ! .1. . ! .t ..4i ! ! ! ! - I I I I M-tWHERE?WISE choice of a company requires the exercise of discrimination, itselfthe result of knowledge. There are several excellent companies, amongwhich there is keen rivalry best to serve the interests of the insured.Their plans differ somewhat, costs vary somewhat; in minor details, in specialadaptations, there are distinctionsbut in essentials they are one. Insurance maybe safely had in any of THESE.To determine which THESE are, a few rules may be laid down:a. Select a long-established company with a history of well-doing,having abundant assets securely invested, and a surplus over all liabilitiesample to cover any possible depreciation in securities, of other remotecoDtingencies.b. See that the company is purely mutual in organization and inpractice; that it is your company, and with your associates that youTHUS SELL LIFE INSURANCE TO YOURSELF.c. Observe whether or not the policy which it issues secures to youequitable terms of discontinuance, preserving to you intact all paymentswhich you have made in excess of the current cost of your insurance. Thetime may come when you may need money more than insurance iee thatit is secured to you.d. Comparisons are rarely fair. The things contrasted should bealike and the period of observation the same. The cost of exactly similarpolicies issued at the same ages and carried through a long period of years,may afford a reasonable test. An important thing to know is whether acompany's present condition is such and its methods so true to principlethat it will in all human probability do as well as it has done. An honestagent will tell you, and demonstrate the truth of his statements.e. Examine the condition, record, plans and policies of the Northwestern Mutual Life Insurance Co., of Milwaukee, Wis. It is confidentlybelieved that no company is its superior; and there are very "few that may- "be regarded as competitors from the standpoints of fidelity to. the interestsof the insured and consistent liberality.R. r. CLENDEININAssociate General Agent Northwestern Mutual Life Insurance CompanyFIRST NATIONAL BANK BUILDING, PARIS, KY.OFFICE 'PHONES:Cumberland ., 37Home . 72RESIDENCE 'PHONES:Cumberland 353Home .".247$tHlilllillllltlMllllIMtill.lltHMttlH'WHtHHlHHitHllHITUESDA MAY 15, 1917.THE BOURBpN NEWS, PARIS, KY.PAGE maTL)f'w mtvSOCIAL AND PERSONAL.FOR THE BESTNOTHING ELSEComings and Goings of OurPeople Here, There andElsewhere."YOUR GIFT SHOP."The A. J. Winters Co.MILLINERYOf all kinds can be found at(It) HARRY SIMON'S.PIANO RECITAL.The pupils of Miss Willie T. Summers will give a recital in piano at theCity School Auditorium on next Friday,jtfay 18. The advanced pupils will giverecital at the same place on Monday,Way 21. Friends and patrons and thegGneral public are cordially invited toattend.be one of the graduates; He will receive the degree of Bachelor of Arts,j Mrs. Wm. R. Hukill left Saturdayfor a visit to relatives in New Orleans,j Or. and Mrs. A. G. Payne have re-turned to their home in Lexington, af-ter a motor trip through Paris, NorthMrs. Wm. H. Renick is visit in p- hpr Middletown and other parts of this'son. Mr. Morris Renick, and family in countvMiddletown. O. Miss Edith Hancock, daughter ofj Mrs. Yutaki Minakuchi is in a Lex- Mr and Mrs- H- H- Hancock, of thisjington hospital, where she is under cty' s a tne Iasste Memorial Hos-medical treatment PllaI sunermg from an attack of tyMrs. M. H. H. Davis, of Mayslick, Pboid-pneumonla.is a guest of her another, Mrs. Wm. Hu- Misses Ollie and Loraine Butlerkill, Sr., on Broadway. entertained at their home on VineMr. Benj. Woodford has returned street Saturday afternoon with two ta-from Norton Infirmary, at Louisville bles of euchre in honor of Mrs. Georgegreatly improved in health. ' Hamilton, of Two Rivers, Wis., who isMiss Kate Alexander, of Paris, visting her mother, Mrs. J. S. Swee-was a guest of Mrs. Clarence LeBus ney' on Higgins avenue,in Lexington several days last week Mrs- T- c- Rawlins, Miss FrancesEld. L. H. Revnolds and family awlins' Mrs. John M. Woods, Misswill move to Winchester to reside in iVlorean Morrow, miss Miiareci noagthe future, having .purchased a home kin Measrs- Clav Kin& Asa Banks anrtYOU PAY NO MORE HEREFor your clothing than last year.The same prices prevail suits at 1Zto $35 and the same excellent values.J. W. DAVIS & CO."HOUSE OF QUALITY."The "House of Quality" is the .placein buy nifty, j up-to-date jewelry.15-tf) SHIRE & FITHIAN.THEY ALL WANT ITPostmaster J. Walter Payne has revived twenty-six applications for theCivil Service examination to fill thevacancy on Rural Route No. 1, out ofParis, created by the resignation ofMr. H. C. Whaley. The examinationof applicants will be held on Saturday,May 26.there.Charles Watts, composed a motoringHDr. and Mrs. Coons have returned (Pariy fm Winchester, who spent parttu uueir nome in ueorgetown arter avisit to friends and relatives nearParis.Mr. and Mrs. Ervm Grey have returned to their home in Greencastlc,Indiana, after a visit to Mr. and Mrs.Kash Harney.Messrs. George and Arthur Stephens, Wm. Kenton and Ralph Huffman, of Covington, were Sunday visitors in Paris.Mrs. Chas. K. Posner has returnedfrom a three-months' visit with herparents, Mr. and Mrs. I. Hauser, ofGalveston, Texas.Mrs. J. H. Colliver and daughter,Miss Clara Colliver, have gone to Tal-cott, W. Va., to visit Mrsson, Mr. J. W. Colliver.of the day in Paris, Sunday, guests oifriends.(Other Personals on Page 3.)BEAUTIFUL NEW GOODS.Just received beautiful new goods inSterling Silver most suitable forchoice wedding gifts.15-tf) SHIRE & FITHIAN.REPORT OF MYERS SALE.Auctioneer George D. Speakes soldat public sale Saturday for Mrs. AnnaC. Myers, administratrix of S. W.Colliver's Myers, a lot of live stock, householdgoods and farming inplements. CowsDr. b. p. Mohney, Chiropractor, brought from $76 to $102.50; agedhas leased the residence of Mrs. W. horses ?45 to $65; turkeys ?3.75 each.A. Wallen, on Cypress street, and will The househ0id effects and farming im-AUTOMOBILE NOTES.move to.t about June 1.TlOo THliri TJilfftYlon ! n rn4llfnnf1to her hom in Covington, after a visit , was goodto Mrs. John R Owens and Mrs. JackOwsley, on Harmon street.Mr. Frank L. Roche and cousin,Mr. T. T. Deveraux, both of Lexington,were guests last week of Mrs. ThomasF. Roche, on Pleasant street.plements sold well. The attendanceGETS PROMOTION.Mr J. N. Kendall, of Paris, has purchased of the Lexington Cadilac Com- jpany, a Cadallac Club Roadster.License No. 34605 was issued fromthe office of the Commissioner of Motor Vehicles at Frankfort last week toMr. C. B. Layson, of Millersburg, for aBuick machine.Mr. Lawrence Hill, of Paris, who recently enlisted in the Signal Corps of'the Kentucky State Guard, at Paris,Miss Corinne Collins was taken to nas been promoted to the iposition ofMILLINERYOf all kinds can be found at(It) HARRY SIMON'S.JUST AS GOOD SUITSAt the same old prices you alwayspaid. For instance, notice the ?18 and$20 suits in our windows.J. W. DAVIS & CO.HELPING SOME.Mr. Ben 'Buckner, manager of thebig Simms farm near North Middletown, is making preparations forplanting one hundred bushels of potatoes, six acres of beans and a bigcrop of wheat, corn and other foodsupplies on the big place. This willbe a big help in the "raise-moore-foodt-tuff" campaign going on in thecounty.ATTENTION, D. OF C.The attention of all members of theRichard Hawes Chapter, Daughters ofConfederacy, is called to the fact thatthe next regular meeting of the Chapter will be held on Friday afternoon,May 18, instead of Saturday, as heretofore. The meeting will be held in the Confederate room in the court house, andvill be called to order promptly at2:30 p. m. As this will be the lastmeeting for some months, the ipresidenrof the Chapter urges that every member be present.GRADUATIOMTIME NEAR.Graduation time is growing near. Besure and see our wonderful line ofgoods suitable for graduation gifts ati-pasonable prices.15-tf) SHIRE & FITHIAN.PUPILS' EXAMINATION.At the office of the Superintendentof County Schools, Miss Mabel Robbins, in the court house Friday the following pupils who had finished thecommon school course were examined'or entrance into the High School:Milton Adair, Anna Bealert, ThelmanmnTirwL- virfH! Florence. Arthur(hristman, Sallie Franklin, EileenGum, Josephine Jordan, Frances Kenaey, Jack Lair, Mariam Galloway, Lilian Mitchell, Mattie McClure, HedgieTaylor and Lorine Weathers.Eleven colored pupils also took theexamination at the same time for entrance into the High School.BAPTIST MEETING CLOSESWITH ELEVEN ADDITIONS.The meeting which has been inprogress at the Baptist church withDr. F. W. EberhardL of Danville, assisting the pastor, Rev. Dr. O. R. Mangum, closed Sunday night with elevenAdditions. Dr. Eberhardt returned toDanville Saturday nighLThose wha united with the congregation were Wilbur Bustle, Vivian Wallineford. Mrs. R. D. King, Miss MaryWorthington, Cleary Fightjmaster, J. C.Case, Ben R. Scanlan, Victor Williams.Charles Willmot, Adrian Bustle andElgin Storey. tDr. O. R. Mangum and Mr. P. AThompson left .yesterday for NewOrleans, where they will attend thesessions of the Southern BaptistChurch Association.4the Massie Memorial Hospital, Saturday. She underwent an operation forthe removal of enlarged tonsils.Mrs. W. H. Clay, formerly of Paris,who has been seriously ill at herhome on Woodland Avenue, in Lexington, for several weeks, is improving. Mr. and Mrs. Arthur Calvert havereturned to their home in Covington,after a visit to Mrs. Calvert's sister,Mrs. Carrie Innis Fisher, at the HotelWindsor.Miss Clara Belle O'Neill has returned to her home from the MassieMemorial Hospital, where she underwent an operation two weeks ago forappendictis.Mrs. Strother D. Mitchell, of Kansas, has arrived for a visit to hermother, Mrs. R. D. Weaver, in NorthMiddletown, who has been seriously illfor some time.Mrs. Katherine Davis Craig, whohas been a guest of Mr. and Mrs.Bailey D. Berry, in Lexington, wentfrom there to Louisville to visit friendsfor a few days.Miss Boehme, Superintendent ofthe Massie Memorial Hospital, leftSaturday for Philadelphia, in responseto a telegram telling of the serious illness of her sister.Mr. W. H. Parris and family, whohave been living in Florida, have returned to Kentucky to make theirfuture home in Bourbon county, nearNorth Middletown.Rev. Alex. Sanders, who has beena resident of Paris for some months,has accepted a call to the pastorate ofthe Christian church at Scios, Nework. He will leave this week to assume charge.Mr. George Wilson and Dr. Lee R..Henry nave reiumeu 10 meu uumeafter a visit to Ft. Thomas, near Newport, where they went to see Mr. Wilson's son, Mr. Sparks Wilson, who recently enlisted in the United Statesarmy.Winchester Daily Sun: "MasterJames Rowland, of Paris, arrived Saturday for a visit to his aunt, Miss SuePeddicordi Miss Gertrude Rush Isa guest of her parents in Paris."Messrs. William Collins and RobertJones, of North Middletown, left yesterday for Fort Benjamin Harrison, inIndiana, where they will take thetraining course in the Officers' ReserveCorps.Mrs. J. M. Allen and two children,Rhode and Tonie, of near Paris, havetrnnA tn PrAstvnhure and other pointsin (the big Sandy vicinity to visitfriends and relatives, wiuie awaythey will be guests at Prestonburg ofher sister, Mrs: W. D. Allen.Mr. and Mrs. Arthur B. Hancockand Mr. Catesby Woodford, of Paris,occupied boxes at the Churchill Downsrace track for the running of theDerby, Saturday. Mr. and Mrs. BrentArnold, Jr., has as their guests Mr.and Mrs. Walter S. Clark and MissKate Alexander, of Paris.Mr. Edward K Myall gave a dinner party Friday evening for five of hisKappa Alpha brothers of Transylvania University. The guests at the din-not-tfak Misses Patsev Clarke, LouiseMyall, Mary Ross, Hattie Hill O'Neill,Margaret Willis, Dorcas Ussery andMessrs. Paul Reagor, Frank Tinder,Brutus Yeager, Timothy Tinsley andRalph Hudspeth.ML Sterling Sentinel-Democrat:"Mr Joe Keller visited friends inParis, Tuesday ana weuuesuttj...Mrs. George Rassenioss is visiung uson, Mr. George Rassenfoss, Jr., inPensacola, Okla....Mr. Jesse Turneyhas returned to his home near Paris,after a visit to his daughter. Mrs.RobL Winn and Judge Winn.... Mr.Warren Stoner, of Oklahoma, who is!inir the Kentucky races, was inthe city several days this week as aguest of relatives.rruQ annual Commencement exer-M f Tvnnsvlvania University willbe held in Lexington this year on June3 instead of June n, uie uouuuing been taken because of the warsituation and consequent departure oia taJS rcentage of the student body.The baccalaureate sermon will oepreached in Morrison Chael by President K H. Crossfield. Mr. GeorgeRichard Huffman, of Millersburg, willCompany Clerk, Record Keeper, withheadquarters in Lexington.LOST.In the Paris Grand Opera House,or on the streets of Paris last Saturday night, an amethys eliptical shaped tie pin, in gold setting, highly prized as a keepsake. Finder leave at thisoffice.FOR SALEOne hundred whisky barrels, suitable for using for pickles, or for use insetting out tobacco plants. CallTHOS. AHEARN, .(15) Cum. Phone 1017, Paris, Ky.WflRGOLEN'SSanitary Meat MarketHome Killed BeefLamb, Pork, VealSPECIALS THIS WEEKLemonsper dozen 1 5cGrape Fruiteach 5cOrangesper dozen 1 5cOnionsper pound 1 OcGreen Beansper peck 50cMflRGOLEN'SWANTED !Every Lady inBourbon CountyTo Visit OurBAKERY!EVERY DAYVISITORS'DAY!WILMOJHGrocery Co.Phone 376I:PRANK & COMPANYTHE RELIABLE STORESpecial PricesJLONSUITS, COATSAND DRESSESNever, so early in the season, havewe made such attractive prices, orhad such a complete stock to selectfrom. Come in and take a look.EXTRA SPECIAL!Ladies' Silk Hosey in All SolidColors,50c a PairaFRANK & COMPANYKaltexPorch Furniture!You Wish YOUR PORCH to Look the BEST. KALTEXFURNITURE Will Accomplish This For You.We have at last received this line of Chairs and Swings in the beautifulBaronial Brown. Every piece is practically indestructible, as every one is built onwire and the joints reinforced. with steel braces. We show you one pattern here,but have many in stock to show' you.Porch and Lawn Swings, RefrigeratorsVudor Porch Shades are the Best!THEJ.T.HINTOJVCO.MOTOR HEARSEMOTOR INVALID COACHUNDERTAKING"EITHERPHONE" 36SIXTH AND MAIN STS.e-jt,Aft"'Kr- !" .ITHE BOURBON NEWS, PARIS, KY.TUESDAY, MAT 15, 1117.M-1"COFFEE DOESN'TBOTHER ME NOW"GOVERNMENT CROP REPORT.J. H. Curtis of GeorgetownHe Fesls Fine.SaysSTORY WILL INTEREST MANYWASHINGTON, D. C.,May 14, 1917.A summary o the May crop reportfor the State of Kentucky and for theUnited States, as compiled by the Bureau of Crop Estimates, and transmitted through the Weather Bureau, U.S. , Department of Agriculture, is asfollows:Winter Wheat"I can drink coftee now without hav-1lng heartburn' saidin?ker of the famousMr. Curtis lives at 20Ti Washingtonetooe Georgetown, and is well knownjBMDJllIy all over Kentucky. For thir'tetn years he taught school and forthe past four years has been in thepost office at Georgetown."I had trouble with my stomach forseveral years, and 1 never had anything help me so quickly as Tanlac," IB9f Mr. Curtis. "After meals I hada burning sensation in my stomach,and sometimes :i sour aiste in mymouth. I bloated a good deal fromgas, and had a suffocated feeling."Onoe hi a while 1 had a dizzy spell.I had tried different things, but nothing did me much good until I triedTacl&C."Some of my friends have asked meabout Tanlac. I have told them I thinkit is & line medicine. I shall not failto recommend it for it has given megreat relief. 1 can rest well nights,amd seldom have that tired feeling inthe morning. I -an eat or drink mostasything now."State May 1 forecast, 8,180,000bushels; production last year, final estimate, 8,010,000; two years ago, 9,900,000; 1910-14 average 9,797,000bushels.United States May 1 forecast, 366,000,000 bushels; production last year,final estimate, 481,744,000; two yearsJ. n. Curtis. ago, 673,947.000; 1910-14 average, 494,'Curtis Salve." 1654,000 bushels.Rye.State May 1 forecast, 271,000 bushels; production last year, final estimate, 246,000; two years ago, 288,000bushels.United States May 1 forecast, 60,700,000 bushels; production last year,final estimate, 47,383,000; two yearsago, 54,050,000 bushels.Meadows.State May 1 condition 84, comparedwith the ten-year average of 88.United States May 1 condition88.7, compared with the ten-year average of 87.9.PastureState May 1 condition 78, compared with the ten-year average of 68.United States May 1 condition81.9, compared with the ten-year average of 85.2.Spring PlowingState Per cent done to May 1, 1917,I estimate 68 per cent, compared withNew York has dedicated Barbour 57 May 1 last year, and 71 the teniome for working girls in West Thirty- vpar aVpraftPATRIOTISMiHESThe Red, White and BlueEvidence in Many NovelAccessoriesinBLUE fOULARD COMBINEDWITH WHITE ORGANDYNEW YORK, May 14, 1917.The patriotic spirit of flag-deckedNew York begins to make itself felt innnany of the small accessories thatmake a woman's costume, and oftenin the costume itself. With flags tothe right and flags to the left, it is notto be wondered at that the spirit ofthe times is being reflected in ourclothes.The red, white and blue colors aren evidence everywhere. New vestsand collars of white silk or satin areedged with narrow red, white and blueribbon or stitched around the edgesof white collars. The vests are thevery latest addition to coats, and areso popular that even blouses are being made in vest effect now.sixth street.3-and covers twenty-nine per cent,of the earth's area and fourteen perenL of it is less than 500 feet aboveie Ierel.You Don't Have toStoopIf You Use aGarlandCabinetRange11United States Per cent done to May1. 1917, estimated 72.4 (per cent, compared with 70.4 per cent on May 1 lastyear and 69.3, the ten-year average.Spring PlantingState Per cent done to May 1, 1917,estimated 43 per cent, compared with44 May 1 last year, and 43 the tenyear average. ,United States Per cent done to May1, 1917, estimated 58.7 per cent, compared with 56.7 per cent on May 1last year, and 56.3 the ten-year average. HayState Old crop on farms May 1,estimated 199,000 tons, compared with228,000 a year ago and' 93,000 two yearsago.United States Old crop on farm3May 1, estimated 12,500,000 tons,compared with 14,452,000 a year ago,and 10,797,000 two years ago.PricesThe first jprice given below on May1 this year, and the second the avverage on May 1 last year.State Wheat, 262 and 116 cents perbushel. Corn, 157 and 77. Oats, 87and 60. Potatoes, 286 and. 87. Hay,$16.80 and ?13.60 per ton. Eggs, 28and 17 cents per dozen-United StatesWheat, 245.9 and102.5 cents per bushel. Corn, 150.6and 72.3 cents. Oats, 71.0 and 42.6cents. Potatoes, 279.6 and 94.8 cents.Hay, $14.44 and $12.22 per ton. Cotton, 18.9 and 11.5 cents per pound.Eggs, 30.0 and 18.1 cents per dozen.I-v;t vTk -X- .i:A1blue on tan are the combinations mostferquently seen. To accompany adark-blue coat, white flannel skirts.trimmed with rows of dark-blue braidare sometimes used.Capes Make Their AppearanceCoats with capes, and dresses withcapes, have been making their appearance lately. The capes are not theshort variety that were used some seasons ago. They are very long, as longas the coat to which it is attached inmost cases, and many of them are at-1 vj. i&J A I MPC VI Hlrrl iTahrI VC7m1 .. m. vh?. $ iAAM1 11VMIIIMtHtiMMMHHftHHMHllHHHtMMfMIIISPECIAL!Ladies' Black Kid, White WashableKid TopLadies' Brown Kid, White WashableKid Top$55V '-S-K,i jBolero Dress in Dotted FoulardExceedingly Smart.isHosiery and gloves embroideredwith stars and stripes are among thelatest novelties seen, showing the extent to wihcli patriotism may be taken.There are also small silk handkerchiefs edged with little flags, and parasols edged with ribbon bearing thestars and stripes. Even a parasol ofred, white and blue bunting has beendevised, with colors usedin each section.A Coat Dress of Heavy Linen.tached only at the back of a coat ordress. While be"ing very smart, thesecapes have a practical value in thatthey give extra warmth. In a verysmart dress which combined dark-bluesatin and serge, a cape of serge wasattached at the shoulders. The lining of apricot-colored silk formed aneffective background for the darkdress.Much of this satin and serge combination is being used again thisspring, and frocks of this kind are especially practical for shopping andstreet wear. With one of the fur capesno other wrap is necessary at this timeof the year.The linen frock for summer meansas much as the satin-and-serge frockdoes for spring. A tailored coat dressof white linen buttoned down the frontand braghtened by a colored linencollar, a belt and large pockets of thesame, is seen in the sketch. Stitchingis the tailored trimming used to accentuate the distinctive lines of thismodel.CLIP THIS AND PINON WIFE'S DRESSER.Cincinnati Man Tells How to ShrivelUp Corns or Callouses So TheyLift Off With Fingers.PROPER FOOD FORWEAK STOMACHSA beautiful line of Garlands on dlaplay. Coma In and look them over.Paris Gas & Electric Co.(Incorporated)Ouch !?!!?! This kind of roughtalk will be heard less here in town ifpeople troubled with corns will followalternately .the simple advice of this Cincinnatiauthority, who claims that a few drop3Costumes consisting of red or blue1 of a drug called Freezone when appliedwool jersey middy blouses are worn, to a tender, aching corn or hardenedwith skirts of white wash satin or' callous stops soreness at once, and soonsports silk. The blouses are decorated the corn or callous dries up ana nitsThe proper food for one man may boall wrong for another. Every oneshould adopt a diet 8uitable to his ageand occupation. Those who naveweak stomachs need to be especiallycareful aad should eat slowly andmaattcate their food thoroughly. It Isalso Important that they keep theirbowels regular. When they becomeconstipated o when they feel dull andstupid after emiine;,- they should takChamberlain' Tafclet to strengthenthe stomach and move the bowels.They are easy to. take and pleasant ineffect; - -(may-ad v)with embroidered emblems on thesleeves, on the ends of collars or infront With the blue blouses are wornred ties.Foulard Combined With Organdy orGeorgette""BaiaaV ofw aV91OncDropTHINGS TO WORRY ABOUT.Wr rtanarw tllft nraH 1r tl" dPTIV to fheurfcenPeultry Remedy ., .!- r.,trympri nHviip.irft offrTeKekikfof CURES knowing what is going on. Moderation,Atf?C,in all things is a very good rule a3right off without pain.He says Freezone dries immediatelyand never inflames or even irritatesthe surrounding skin. A small bottle ofFreezone will cost very little at anydrug store, but will positively removeevery hard or soft corn or callous fromnrtafa taut- Xfllltnna nf "ATnar!jTi tvrw.Every smartly-dressed woman real-, w,u wel(Jome thia . announcementlzes uiat it sue is w ue up 10 uaxe amsmust have a dress of foulard in herRegular $8.00 ValuesWe have about 30 pairs of bothwhich we are closing out. Comewhile we have your size. "HARRY LINVILLEHtl'llll 1 1 ill I !! t M' M"H' ! I-1 MM I IV H 1 11 !f-I' ! ' 4- ! ! -I' I' ! I- ! ! ! 't ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! -I ! ! ! ! ! I- ! ! 1 .TUB DRESSESf:NSKsrwjv&?.h?.&ffig&&kh.iv At rrMi$mU a- n wltei-f fik''& hi r 14 six 4nT rr o iviamm'ti.M bl'M?m&mr t ttMcCall KVtorns WaistNo. 77. sV-itt No. 777.Mail) other nci7 designsfor Juucdecidedly the vogue for Summer, have a prominent place inMcCall& DesignsFor JuneThe simplicity ofMcCall Patternsfor these smartlittle Summerfrocks appeals toThe HomeDressmakerThe McCall Cutting and Construction Guide,furnished FREEwith each pattern, insures aperfect -fittinggarment.McCALL PATTERNS FOR JUNENOW ON SALEemmJTcCalJ Tattcm Vo. 7TS7.laiiy other- attractivedesigua for JuneHARRY SIMONj:-4tHlHltlHlHttttllttttllltltllHlliHiTrardTohe this Bummer. Blue foulardwith large white polka-dots is the kindone sees most of, but sometimes theorder -is reversed and blue dots standing out on a white background appear.They are just as smart and even a little newer than the white dots on theblue.Foulard is often combined withGeorgette or organdy. In the sketchit is combined' with white Georgettewhich is used for the soft, gatheredvest and collar, of a very modishbolero style has come back to us, andsince the inauguration of the highheels. If your druggist doesn't haveFreezone tell him to order a spnall bottle for you. (adv)FRANCE REPORTS LESSENINGOF SUBMARINE WORK.A. few droDS In thedrinking water miresindnre vents -wMta " mnnv ran tftiK Moaerauon in censordlarrhoe.choieraandottercWctf w , t e for pr0moting t,, , - t worw o4fM.'Wo'dailv and without giving detailsQlSeaseS. UHB WC"U uwwo iuao. - - HUB 13 uuc Ul iuu mauj muuw.c rnvu '.. . ., v nt ai,hmarinoa12 gallons or meaicine. At arugw an army, a navy ana tne wor'v oi noa-j , , xvhioh it Ik ppn Some of the BaJr imu' WI """uct . "--'PARIS, May 14. -Both French andEritlsh statistics on submarine sinkings during the last week show a certain improvement in the situation, saysMarcel Hutin, a usually well-informedwriter on the subject. He adds:"T understand that our means ofgmting submarines ire increasingi can'f?fiSubto?aonreSe: combatants as feeders for the armyHWIN KIEIT SI.. LkJhIh, I, and navy.IPOPULAR EXGURSION .C . j- . 1 fitJ" J Mj1 'vlBtOiPEHB'fi Tla ?ff tEy Vnew summer suits have short bolerocoats trimmed around the edge withsome form of embroidery or stitching.A very smart model was made ofblue twill and foulard.Foulard is put to other uses besidesthe fashioning of dresses. It makesvery effective trimming on suits; forinstance, on collar, cuffs and pockets.White-dotted blue foulardi combinesuroll xiHth -nnw nv nnnd-fnlnrprt qprcrG !or twill.SpeaTdng of the combinations of ma-put out of action in the last few dayshas risen in a very satisfactory manner."CLEAR AWAY THE WASTEBowel regularity is the secret ofgood health, bright eyes, clear complexions, and Dr. King's New LifePills are a mild and gentle laxativethat regulates the bowels and relievesthe congested intestines by removingthe accumulated wastes without gripin?. Take a pill before retiring andthat heavy head, that dull spring feverterials, one of the very newest effects J feeling disappears. Get Dr. King'sHIGH BRIDGE, KY.SUNDAY, MAY 20, 1917Round Trip 50c from LexingtonVIASouthern Railway SysiemSpecial Traia Heaves IexiKgfoaat 11x15 A. M.Tiekets alae accepted b Taim Wo. 5 at Oi0 A. M.Ratmrsim & Bilk Bridie 5tOO P.1 JUL ar om Traia If a. 6 at 2i01 P. M.For Further Particulars Consult rj,. iu rMCHr Ticket Oilimm, 118 Eaet Mala Street. Telealteae 49H. C. tLUiG, Di-rieiea Paaaamiar Aiaat. Lxiafttaa, Ky.j ., j" 'LZJ.: ..i:v?.'. , 'TIS that of using organdy and net together. And speaking of organdy, Itis to be very popular this summer forentire dresses and also for trimming.A white net summer frock worn overa pink organdy slip and trimmed withbands of pale pink organdy on theskirt was recently seen. A very cooland refreshing frock for summer itlookediSilk Braid a Fashionable TrimmingThe use of flat woven silk braid asa trimming is becoming more andNew Life Pills at your druggist, 25c.(may-adv)Correct EnglishHOW TO U8E IT.A MONTHLY MAGAZINE,Josephine Turck Baker, Editor.IFor Progressive Men and Women,Business and Professional; Club Women. Teachers, Students, Ministers,more favored. Braid about half an 'Doctors, Lawyers, Stenographers, andinch in width is applied on coats andjskirts in straight rows one above theother, and at even distances apart.Sometimes the braid covers an entirecoat, sleeves and all.' BlacbHidbniaVy blue? and' darktor all who wish to Speak and WriteCorrect English Special FeatureMonth; Your Every-Day Vocabulary;How to Enlarge it Sample Copy 10c.Subscription .Price $2t Year;V EVANSTON, ILLINOIS.Special AttentionIs Called To Our Pretty Display OfSUMMER DRY GOODS,DRESS GOODS, SILKS,LADIES' SUITS, SILK SUITS,SILK SKIRTS, COATS, WAISTS.Handsome Display ofLADIES', MISSES' AND CHILDREN'STRIMMED HATSWE GIVE BLUE STAMPS. Call in. We are pleasedto show you. We are reasonable in price, and will saveyou on your purchases.twin Bro$, Departed! StoreSeventh ana main $t$. Paris, KentuckyA MAN AND HIS WIFEmay both derive saiisfactionby having their worn and soiledgarments cleaned by ua. Thecost is nominal, while the pleasure of wearing old clothes thstihave the appearance of i;ew, tconjunction with the knowledgethat you are effecting a greatving, must surely satisfy you.iI A phon brings ua.LEVY. THE DRY GLEANERCumberland Phone 40--rHome Phone lf&-2 J ft9Jir'TUESDAY, MAY 15, 1917.1HE BOURBON NEWS, PARIS, KY. 'PAGESCY3Kiw'n'wrttri.vnr'WHBkA' lit mrji''mmM'm.DO YOU HAVE DIZZY SPELLS? .SEVEN AMERICANS FORjfs Important to Learn the Cause, AsMany Paris People Have.JHE RUSSIAN MISSION.HOOVER ADVISES ONWASHINGTON, May 14. The Amef-GERMANY SHOULD BEARFOOD CONDITIONSTAX INCREASE BURDEN.NEW YORK, May 14. Herbert C. PARIS, May 41. The report of the. . . ,. ican commission to Russia, for which-Hoover, who recently came from Eu- Finance Committee of the Chamber ofDizziness is never a disease of itself Elihu Root has been selected as chair- rope to advise the Government on Deputies in the bill providing for ait's only a symptom of some deeper- man with rank of special ambassador, food "conditions in Europe, "says that new income tax, as a substitute forseated trouble. Much, dizziness is is expected to be composed of the fol- without control we may see flour at all other direct 'taxes, shows that 'theaused by disordered kidneys failing lowing named: ?20 a barrel before the year is over, war has caused a comparatively smallle filter all the poisons from the blood Lieutenant Colonel William V. Jud- but that with control "the .present increase in taxes in France thus far.These poisons attack the nerves and son' of the army engineers. price of flour can be reduced' 40 to 50 It emphasizes the .purpose to effect ajfcrrinp.; rPKnit Tf , .rp Qnhwt Lieutenant Colonel Bently Mott, re- per cent, and at the same time the peace settlement which will impose onzziuts lebuiu,. ii jou are buujeci tired of the jy engineers producer be treated in a liberal man German the chief burden of .meeting( dizziness, tliere.is good reason to Samuel R. Berton, New Yorkner." the enormous expenditures resultingsuspect. your.kidney, and if you suffer . banker. Mr. Hoover thus outlined food con- from the war.ibackache, headache and irregular kidey action, you have further proof.JJany Paris people have learned theTaluo of Doan's Kidney Pills in justsuch cases. Read this Paris resident'sstatement:Mrs. J. Yv Max-Wand, 326 Eighth St.,Itiris, says: "Some years ago, I suffered severely with kidney complaint andsometimes was in a serious condition.I kave had a constant, dull ache acrossiho small of my back and I have hadterrible dizzy spells at times. I haveused Doan's Kidney Pills for thistrouble and they have helped me morethan anything else, always relievingmo of the complaint"Price 50 cents, at all dealers. Don'tsimply ask for a kidney remedy getBoan's Kidney Pills the same thatMts. Markland had. Foster-MilburnHo Props., Buffalo, N. Y. (adv)The forts at Strasburg are sunksocialist.MUSCLE SORENESS RELIEVEDufvvv i flsif'iSBflS?S3een wiui tne ground, ana tne gun me cnances are mat wnen uiey uurTts are disguised by very large plank I there will be very little demand forlids sown with grass. ireal estate. Chicago News.OneExperienceConvinced Meof its Value"One of our salesmendemonstrated the value of theLong Distance Telephone tous. He was at Huntsville, Ala., and uponhis own responsibility put in Long Distancecalls for fifteen merchants within a radius'of several hundred miles."In less than one hour he had sold 2100barrels of flour at a total cost to us of lessthan six dollars."Since then we have applied the LongDistance Bell Telephone to every feature ofour business with most profitable results.The service is fine, the rates are reasonableand there is more satisfaction in one LongDistance Telephone talk than in half a dozenletters."Every Bell Telephone is a Long Distance StationCUMBERLAND TELEPHONEAND TELEGRAPH COMPANYIncorporatedBOX 122, FRANKFORT. KY.Charles R. Crane, Chicago manufac- ditions in a statement to the Associ The report shows that taxes inturer and business man. ated Press: England increased during the warJames Duncan, vice president of the "There is aboslutely no occasion from 95 to 265 frances for each perAtnerican Federation of Labor. for food panic in this country nor son, while the increase in France wasCharles Edward Russell, author and, any justification for outrageous prices from gq j0 03 francouuiess uie opposition or special mier- "Finally," the report continues, "letests defeats the President in obtain- us remember that we must impose oning the necessary powers to control 0ur enemy a considerable part of theme imuuuo iwuu iuiij u.iiu aucuuan-ij . uuraen ol tnis liomDie connici, proTJnusal work, bending and lifting J America's problem is not one of fani- voked by them alone. We must haveor strenuous exercise is a strain op t ine, for we have now and will have a peace that pays. Reintegration intothe muscles, they become sore and next year a large surplus. Our prob- our country of territories wrenchedstiff, you are crippled and in pain, .lem is, after the iproper protection of from us jn the war of 1870 will aid usSloan's Liniment brings you quick re- our own people, to give to our allies jn repairing many ruins. We shouldlief, easy to apply, it penetrates with the last ounce of surplus of which we know aiso to what extent the Cenout rubbing and drives out the sore-.are capable. tral Empires wil lbe able to pay us inoess. A clear liquid, cleaner than i "Therefore, the nation needs a food money the indemnities they will bemussy plasters or ointments, it does' control for two purposes, to regulate sompelled to render to us" and ournot stain the skin or clog the pores, prices and to increase the surplus, allies. It .will be neccessary to haveAlways have a bottle handy for the After providing for our normal con- compensation in kind, such as thepains, aches of rheumatism, gout, sumption we will have together with mines of Sarre, in German Lorraine,lumbago, grippe, bruises, stiffness, Canada a surplus for our allies equal and guarantees such as financial con-backache and all external pain. At , to only 60 per cent of the food they trol of customs, norts. forts, railroads.require from us. If we take broad mines and other national domain ofmeasures of control we can, with as the enemy which will serve as pledgeslittle disturbance to economic ma- for annual obligations we should rechinery as need be, furnish them an qUjre jn qq insufficient indemnitiesadditional 20 ,per cent. are paid in cash."Their loaf even then will be a pri-lyour druggist, 25c.(may-ad v)The meek may inherit the earth, butvation loaf, and every ounce we can BEST REMEDY FORput in it will diminish their privation., WHOOPING COUGHThe problem is capable of solution, jIf, however, the whole world, allied1 "Last winter when my little boy hadand neutral, is to have the unrestrict- tl,e looping cought I gave him Chained run of our (markets in competition train's cough Remedy," writes Mrswith the spectacular in this country j B jlobertg East st. Louis, 111. "Itwe may expect to see ?5 wheat lrnK hls !, iMSe ami relieve himi before the year is over. of those dreadful coughing spells. I."Large measures of food control do is the only cough medicine I keep in'not mean arbitrary interference with the houso because I have the most'the necessary economy in every branch confidence in it This reme(iy uof trade. They mean that every branch also d for colds and croup.be called in by the Government and (may-adv)j forge themselves into a link from'which the contemplated cnain win. in u- THE pUSY LITTLE BEETO BE WAR HELPER.'tect producer, legitimateand consumerFor instance. I am assureddistributoithatwt cjLiivpTnv r n.. . ? r ..,.- ,1S.1 ,ini rnili7(i Hiloilluiuiii - v..I tne lAracnu .-... - - ; Lnted states government,i.au per uut.iet ""-"" "; Lureau of Etomology OfiiarvehL, l ui p.t - i -- - mQnt of Agriculture, is ,iev l urn Lu-iuiv iMay 12. Thethrough thethe Depart-aking an ur-: i ,u on n Kent appeal to the 800,000 bee keepersami i our h Vvi '- -; '' of the C0Untry, that they double the.attendant hardship and dislocation of number UieIr swarms in an cC.iniiubLriu me. ,,,,. n.. fort to bring about an increase of' LJ' "S rS. n'r SSSlnK M pounds in the honey ore,-ii ,w ...., ,- - tine von riit-oiioii , nt nift j - .'and flour $14 perLast year the honey crop was aboutlhf maioritv of eachi .. , n,wi ;. onl lrtVioi1,iuuu tiduo v. v.. t"fe-na m,0 2 per cent, of the normal consump!witl. the necessary powers to torce tie P .n VbSMl York for a good deal unuer .o ijui j'STilTfl wSl control DON'T LET YOUCOUGH HANG ONwo may see $20 flour before the year aR weakens ,sis out ana a toai i" "i " dangerous, it undermines your healthland consequent dislocation of nidus- andbtUrivs on neglect Relieve it atonce with Dr. Kings Isew Discovery.OPPORTUNITY!Mr. R. F. Clendenin, Associate General Agent forthe Northwestern Mutual Life Insurance Company, inone day recently, sold $100,000 worth of life insuranceover local and long distance lines of the Home TelephoneCompany and because of such an amount of businessaccumulated in one day, he divides the honors with usfor the efficient telephone service rendered. This is asplendid record for both Telephone and Insurance Companies. Mr. Clendenin says; "The service I get from yourCompany is all that I could ask, and on the closing dayof my campaign I used it with wonderful success."Such an opportunity in facilitating business shouldbe grasped by the public in general in employing co-operation,efficiency and confidence.Paris Home Telephone & Telegraph Go;(Incorporated)J. J. VEATCH, District Manager.W. H. CANNON, THOMAS K.Local Manager.yMITH.Cashier.Bourbon LaundryDWIS & FUNK, Props.Telephone No. 4. West 5 StreeteMmymm&- J-Satisfaction is OarWatchwordWith all the latest improvements in laundryappliances and experthelpers we ere preparedto do work inferior tonone, and solicit yourpatronage.Bourbon Laundry,Paris Kentucky.trv and living1 "On the other hand, if wo overcome the submarine and if we open' ... n:,. ...n noiirother anarKeis 10 our a uw .' t.antn rnnnrtipB vni th irnrm andIsee wheat at ?1 a bush elan w Jcold4 is ,llickly broken up. Chil-, under $6. any event, iith sufflci find Dr.cut control the present pirce o floui gen anu gn p JJ tocan be reduced by 40 PercenUo Kms Nev y PHaye &per cent and at the same time tiic medicine chest for1 .. l Ixnntm 111 ! MlPn Illilll ' ...ner."This soothing balsam remedy healsthe throat, loosens the phlegm, its an-grippe, croup ana an uroucuiui unev;tions. At druggists, 50c.I (may-adv)ENROLLING PHYSICIANS INMEDICAL RESERVE CORPSA board for the examination of can-))((if mm A' K53L is!4iniJ-U LIBPCFIVING1a n 11' ' 'fc---jmla ' uPAYINGConserveYour CashCashto you.a JotForin bank meansIt prepares youany emergency.If there's a slump after thewar, ready cash will tide youover.If there is a business expansion, a goodly bank accountwill find you ready for it. fSee us today about that account of yours. We do allkinds of banking.1-' 'Farmers' & Traders' Bank,t?P. KISER. PresidentW. W. MITCHELL, Cashier.WM. GRIMES. Bookkeeper.'Sixth and Main Streets Paris, KyA : ,$100 REWARD $100The readers of this .paper will bepleased to learn that there is at leastone dreaded disease that science hasi i,i n nnrn in nil its statres andthat is catarrh. Catarrh being greatly didates for commission in the Officersinfluenced by constitutional conditions Medical Reserve Corps has been estabponnirps constitutional treatment. iisiied bv the Surgeon General of theHall's Catarrh Medicine is taken in- United States army in the offices ofternally and acts through the blood on the gtate Boar(1 of Health at Bowlingstvio Miirrms Surfaces of the System, . . . M.Pnrn-iinir hnsthereby destroying the toundation of designated as 'resident of the&eE35 - F-D- CartTf hof .thetassisUng nature in doing its work, city, will have charge of the physicalThe proprietors have so much faith examination, and Dr. J. O. Carson, alsoin the curative powers of Hall's 0f Bowling Green, will examine theCatarrh Medicine that they offer One cyeSf ears an(j nose 0f each applicant.Hundred Dollars for any case that it j-liysjcians fr0m Kentucky and Tenfails to cure. Send for list of testi- essee who desire to make applicationmoAnal8- -n t phpmfv - CO To- r "commissions i.. the Medical ReledWli MdlSD -ve Corps may come , to Bowlingieuu, wm j (may-adv) Green to be examined' by the board.j So far the following physiciansr have made application and have takenALLEGED GERMAN SPY the examination: R. W. Ogilvie andSERVED IN U. S. CORPS. L z Barber, of Princeton, Ky.; RobertLockliart, of Owensboro; E. S. Turner.Said by Federal authorities to he the Lapayette, Tenn.; Carl Norfleet and J.most important arrest of an alleged A Bolin Somerset; D. C. Donan, Mor-Gernian spy since the declaration ot ganf,eid; jj. M. Weaver, Allen Springs,war. Government agents arrested The State Board of Health and Ken-I Lieut. Frank-Wolf, at the German Hos- tucjcy state Medical Association arej pital, in San Francisco, Cali., Friday, co.operating with the War DepartmentWolf, they say, ennsieu m uie uimw in seCimng the services ot every ,pnysi-States army aviation corps alter ue- cian in Kentucky under the age of ooing wounded at Verdun while a mem- years w0 can pass the necessaryber of the German aerial force. physical and mental examination.Wolf was arrested at the German . .Hospital, where he has been employed! MENDING CUT NERVES.as a dishwasher since January, when JFederal authorities said, he deserted . (Chamber's Journal.)from the aviation conps at San Diego, ! Tlie injury Qr complete severancebelieving he would be able to get back of jmportant nerves by bullets orto Germany. pjces 0f shell is no uncommon occur-In his effects, Federal authorities rpnce at tiie front. When a piece ofsay, were found maps .of roads and XQ nerve jg Deen actually carriedhighways about San Francisco and the away something to take its place isbay cities and complete plans of forti- esSential if the wounded man is tofications on "San Francisco Bay. recover the use of the muscles affect-According to the Federal authorities, ed A German professor is said toWolf, who is 23 years of age, was ve originated a method whereby in-wounded in the earlier fighting about jured nerves can easily be mended, alVerdun while an officer in the German fugh portions may be missing. Partaviation service. After recovering ne of a sman artery from some animalwas sent to America, it was said, by .fr w with nerve fluid, and used tothe secret service agents. He enlisted join up the two ends of, the nerve,in the aviation corps at San Diego last j soon gj0W together again underOctober and1 is understood to have tWs treatment. In one case severalmade a spelndid record. inches of the nerve going to an armwere destroyed, but the above methodGET RID OF YOUR RHEUMATISM. proved successful, and the patient was. , 7, TTf F vnnr ale to USe tUe llmb witbin a feWNow ist he time to get rid of ourS rheumatism. You will find Chamber- "hnin's Liniment a great help.. The re-FORSPECIALSA FEW DAYS!We Are Offering Real Bargains InMEN'S SUITSSee the values, which are on display in our windows.$10.00, $12.50, $15.00You'll save from $2.50 to S5.00.Be Sure and Buy Some of the ShirtsWe Are Selling For95 CentsThey are $1.50 Values.TWIN BROS.Clothing and Shoe Dept.L. Wollstiin, PropAutomobile Hearse or Ambulance!I desire to announce to our friends that I can, wheredesired, furnish an automobile hearse or ambulance. Thismethod of transpertation is especially desired on long" trips,the same being made in better time, and at no advance incost over the horse-drawn conveyance.GEO. W- DAVIS, Funeral Director.-. - ,... j. j j nina -..mIi A man who "WOUltt ' snOOl anouieii many times its costfrom ambush is mean enough to theCmay-adv) Uie author of an anonymous letter.HERE IS A GOOD PLACE TO STOP FOR LITTLE MONEY.LOUISVILLE HOTEL, Louisville, Ky., Main St, bet 6th & 7th.The Only Hotel in Louisville Operated on the American and European PlanaAMERICAN PLAN Rooms without Bath but with Hot and Cold Runningwater (With Meals)75 Rooms single, ?2.00 per day; 2 people, $2.0d each50 Rooms Single, 2.50 per day; 2 people, 2.25 each50 Front Rooms Single, 3.00 per day; 2 people, 2.50 eachRooms with Private Bath:50 Rooms single, 3.00 per day; 2 people, 2.75 each50 Rooms single, 3.50 per day; 2 people, 3.00 eachEUROPEAN PLAN Rooms without Bath but with Hot and Cold RunningWater (Without Meals)75 Rooms single, ?i.uu per day; 2 people, 50.75 eaca50 Rooms single. 1.25 per day; 2 people, 1.00 aaca50 Front Rooms single, 1.50 per day; 2 people, 1.25 eachRooms with Private Bath:50 Rooms single, 1.50 per day; 2 people, US aaca50 Rooms - single, 2.00 per day; 2 people, 1M IMSTHE OLD INN, Louisville,' Ky., Cor. ith and Main 8ts., European PIsji iky.Rooms' Without Bath, $1 and-up; Roams With Private , tfjf sjsjtET EATING PLACE IN TOWN.The Louisville Hotel aid. the Old Inn are located fat the iriu- n . .. - . . . . . a '-m It. .ana omy a toree-oioca waia w imw reuiu aisinct aas wi?'vT i7-yPAGE EIGHTTHE BOURBON NEWS, PARIS, KY.TUESDAY, MAY 15, Ultf!rriComingAttractionsPARIS GRAND AND ALAMO ITuesdayGAIL KANE, IN"The ManShe Married"World Feature.Chas. Richman and Dorothy Kelly inThe Shark's Nest"aTwelfth episode ofSecret Kingdom.' '"TheWednesdayVIVIAN MARTIN in"The Right"Direction"Produced by Pallas PictureCorporation.Burton Holmes' TravelsandBray's Comic Cartoons.Hours-Alamo, 2 to 5:30; Paris Grand,7 to 1 0:30, Admission 5 and 1 Oc.MATRIMONIAL.MOORE GILLETT.Mr. Edwin T. Gillett and MisBFlorence L. Moore, both of Ada, Ohio,came to Paris, Saturday, and secureda niarriage license from County ClerkFearce Paton. They were marriedshortly afterward by Rev. W. 0. Sadler, pastor of the Paris Methodistchurch.COURTNEY CALDWELL.A wedding that came in the natureof a genuine surprise to those of thegroom's friends who reside in Paris,was that of Mr. Robert M. Caldwell, of Millersburg, to Mrs. MabelCourtney, of the same place, which occurred at the residence of the officiating minister, Eld. I. J. Spencer, in Lexington, Thursday evening.The bride is a native of Ewing, inFleming county. Since the death of!Mr. Caldwell's mother, several monthsago, she had been a member of hisihoueshold; in the capacity of house-. Facts Concerning ThatSchool Bond IssueRegistration May 21stElection June 2ndMILLERSBURG-Mr. Richard Huffman, of Transylvania University, is at home.Miss Elbert Moffett, of Georgetown Collet, was at home from Fridaytntil Monday.Col. and Mrs. C. M. Best, of the M.. I., were guests in Lexington, Friday afternoon.Mr. J. B. Cray will leave to-dayfor the annual K. P. Conclave at Cov?xgton, which convenes Tuesday.Mrs. F. E. Peterson was the guestof her .narents, Mr. and Mrs. Rice, atliutchisan, Saturday and Sunday.Mrs. Mary Huffman and niece,Hiss Verona McKinney, have returnediiter a week's -visit to Mrs. Day, atParisDEATHS.ARE THE NEW ADDITIONS NECESSARY? 1. Three rooms of less than halfsize are now being used1. One of theseis in the basement, and all are improperly lighted and ventilated.2. Three full-size rooms are now being used in the basement, and theseare improperly lighted and ventilatedkeeper. She is a sister of Mrs. George In thesc tnree ro0ms are enrolled 131Jeffreys, of 806 Maple avenue, Lexing- !pUpiiston, who was the only attendant at theFOLEY.The body of Mrs. Anna Nugent.Foley, aged sixty-seven, who died lastweek at her home in iDanville, was interred in the Danville Cemetery. Mrs.Foley was the wife of Mr. Richard Foley, a well-known Danville merchant,and the father of Dr. Philip Foley, whowedding. Mrs. Caldwell is a handsomeanil r.lmrminir vmintr woman.Mr. Caldwell has been a resident of are no desks,j Millersburg for many years, coming boards or picturesthere from Mason county, where hewas born. He has been the Millersburg correspondent of THE NEWS3. Some recitations are now conducted in the auditorium where theremaps, charts, black-4. The gymnasium is poorly lighted, inadequately heated, and too muching another electionbonds.to vote more4. At the present assessed valuationof the city- of Paris, the increase intaxes required to pay for these bondswould be a little over ten cents on theone hundred dollars' worth of propertyat the beginning of the twenty-yearperiod. This would gradually decreasetoward the end of the period, makingthe average increase of taxes for thewhole twenty years about six cents onthe one hundred dollars.Therefore, if bonds are needed.at ali,?46.000.00 is the proper amount.IS THIS THE TIE TO BUILD?building site to the above estimate,and hundreds of dollars in extra heating, water, and janitor service to thebudget of current expenses.3. There is no section of the citylarge enough to supply the requirednumber of pupils below the seventhgrade to fill the six rooms necessaryto relieve the present trouble. Abouttwo hundred pupils would be requiredSouth of Twelfth street on Pleasant.Main, High and Cypress and intersecting streets there are now 146 pupilsenrolled; in school. If the boundary iafixed closer to the present building, itwill cause much dissatisfaction.for several years, and is also corres-i obstructed by posts and joists to per-ponder.t and agent at Millersburg for mit good work to be donemany of the daily papers.The building, as now used, wouldin any StateMr. and Mrs. Caldwell for the present reside at the home of the groom be condemned at onceon Trigg-street, in Millersburg. THE where there is a good building codeNEWS extends hearty congratulations The next General Assembly is likely towas for several years a resident of ami uest wishes for a long and happy. pass such a code.Paris, where he practiced dentistry, married life, with abundant happiness.Mrs. Foley was well-known here, where i CRUTCHER BUCKNER. Therefore, six rooms and a gymnashe frequently visited her son, while he The home of Mrs. Georgia, Fithian shun are now needed.was engaged in business. Webb, on Pleasant street, in this city.!lb IMt UUN I fclYIKUA I fcU bUIMUiih liiu 23-t:iii: ui a i nc.i nunic ,n-SANDERSThe infant son of Mr. and Mrswas the scene of a .pretty home wed-'ding Saturday morning, when Miss Vir-jJ ' . . . , r. -r ... ;.. rcmia I ruicner, oi rans, a cousin mISSUE TOO LARGE?Miss Adelaide Gay, who is attend- j Finley Sanders died Saturday night at Mrs' Webb. and Mr. Ayelette BucknerJ . L The architects all gave this es-Sng the M. C, was a guest of her parants, in Winchester, from Saturday tcHonday.Miss Jessie Kerr, of Maysville,xras the gueof her father. Mr. E. 11Kerr, and Family, from Friday untilWonriay.Mrs. E. H. Kerr left Monday forthe bedside ot her brother, Mr. JohnBaldwin, of Washington, who is critjcally illthe home of his parents, on South u weH.knowll Und prominent member i""te. Wb.UUU.UU. except one, and heVine street, after a short illness. Fu--of one of Bourbon's first families. were,ma(le il 5.00.00 more.neral services were held at the family united m marriage, the ceremony behome yesterday morning at nineIf estimate should be too lanrc.umr neriormeu oy ur. . l. ribuer, :. ...mi i, ,i;.iro,.Q,i .i,an tha -o'clock conducted by Rev W. E Ellis. president of the Millersburg College. tracts are letf all(l no more bomls willpastor of the Paris Christian church THE NBWS intImated a few day, be soM than arc nee(Ied for the Rdd,.me uuiiiii iuwuu in uiu iiwu vm 0 tlml neWs of an engagement that tionstJlt2I.The unsold bonds will cost thewould be of creat interest to its read :.. ,,rtn,jT,.The child is survived by its parents ers was Hkely to 1)e ann0Unced in theMr. and Mrs. Finley Sanders, one sis- ,. .., rlltrn -mil t lint-tho wnrirlinir ?.. It is bettor to have ton manvi il. nM42nr 11 Iia n rwrri nC lirwwlt ipnf n1 Minn rr f ri IVm unircorlthe Millersburg College will gjii Jn- ter in the Paris Home Telephone ex- ., , The bride-elect and tho bonds cost nothing, while any deficit'Tim inmnionnompnt PVPTPISPR nf -t: -h.. c ..i.. ni.p v..., 'aiiv wiuiw.-... . -- ter, ..uiss iai.v cauutis, viuul vjjuiu-lav evening, the complete program of .,,V.mont, of Maysville, , Grant and Burdette Sanders.ioi on1 ntro 1rnHioro A1limi .. -. . i t mi t t. j.i.i i t..iwhich was nublished in our last issue. '""- " "" "'"'prospective groom, alter tne puonca- win nave 10 uc primueu iwr uy noiu4. The auditorium privileges, suchof Hi Tiocf u'npL' in miici nnil dranwJi.Building material is probably ai'zatioilf and all gj-mnasium priviLcheap now as it will be for severalyears, even if the war stops in a fewmonths, while if the war continues itwill go still higher.f 2. The children are in these, crowded and unhealthful quarters now, whichrender the school work ineffectivewhite endangering the health of thepupils.3. As suggested above, our presentbuilding is likely to be condemned in afew years.For these reasonsbuild now.it is better toWHERE SHOULD THE NEW BUILDING BE ERECTED?1. The present location is inconvenient for some pupils. This is admitted by all. Some method of transporting pupils free would overcome thatobjection. This is now being-considered.2. Any change in location wouldadd thousands of dollars in building andMr W. Mwas the guest of his mother and sis-ler, Mrs. Martha Vimont, and MissFlorence Vimont, from Saturday until .aboutjtion. held a consultation, and decidedthat they would forestall the eager inewseathers. and the ceremonv was ,eges and benefits will be lost by the puipils that are forced to attend the smaller building. And when Domestic Science is added the privilege, of the penny-lunchwill also be lost. These arenow considered some of the most vita!factors in the education of the child.For every reason except convenience,the present location is better.LOSS BY FIRE.1. The buildings with two heatingplants double the danger from Are.2. Two fire-proof halls and two firewalls between the additions and thoold building reduce the danger of thewhole building burning to a minimum3. Should the new building burn th?loss would be greater than if the add:tions should burn.Loss by fire favors additions to oldbuilding. 'Watch this space, as there will befrom time to. time comments on theBond Issue that will be of interest tothe public.FRASIER.Mre. onuries rrabiei, ugu auuu oerforrae(l Saturday, several weeks iniuonaay. biAiy, uieu ui u. itf.iuLuii uu&puiThe Senior Class of the M. M. 1. iast week, after an illness of three-a.nl give a lawn tete on tne ouegts years' duration, due toCampus on next Friday afternoon, Ma breakdown., advance of the time previously arrauged. The members of the families ofnt-I VOUS , w t !... .,.l !., l.nln nlnnl -wCkTl.1T. tjlUJJVllUi tlllU LlHi UMUC-tltl-l. n.(Signed)Board of Education.the only witnesses.The bride, who has been engaged ineducational work in the countyIS. The hours will be from tour to Mrs Frasier was a daughter Gf Mr.!!- 1"? LWt Jack Clark, of Sharpsburg. Mr. andtime. " , M? Frasr fr a number ot years re-; gchools fm. scvera, termSj is ono of thcMrs. J. Clarke Leer. Jr.. entertain- sided on the Plum Lick pike, in Bour- Carmine vounc women in thesl thp following with an elaborate din- bon county, where Mr. Frasier was em.county and QnQ wh(jse graces of char.injr at her home at noon SaturdayMiss Ethel King. Miss Xoni Saunder.and Miss Lassie Deskins. of the M. CMiss Martha Savage, of Los Anreles, Cal., Misses Mattie and LeuciaButler, Mesdames Ge6rge Reynoldii TTnH P.nrtnn f Millersburc.Mr R M Xaldwell and Mrs. ' one daughter. Mrs. Jones, of Bun1 ; r ; - l .. Pgagea in larmnig, una owiibu one ui nntnwm Iin,.a Qfw,oorDf1l i,ol. tri n v.fip oir.the finest farms in that vicinity. cle Qf friends and acquaintances in thioAbout two years ago Mr. Frasier ;md surrounding counties. Mr. Buckmoved to Lexington on account of ms ner s a worthy member o the proml.wife's failing health. , lamlv who(le name he ,jearsBesides her husband she is survived. w 4l .,.w.5rt f thn omnnvrVU II1U UJl.llUBiuii wi "iv vv-i.".-Mr. and Mrs. Buckner motored to tne9wym35r gsr.,. &I --t fc 'P7 , 1 . . 4 a 1Mabel Courtney were quietly united in ker Hul, in .Montgomery county, ine handsome new nome of thc groo,. onmarriage at the home of Rev. 1 J funeral was held in .Alt. Sterling last r.me Rid ike near Paris whercSpencer, at Lexington, last Thursday Friday morning, with services conduct ' pn,prtiinPil at -i dinner at whichat 5 p. m. Their wedding came in th, ediat the grave in Macpeiah Cftmetery the entertnmed at a dinner atIiw inn4i,rn f n ciirrri:f tn some of their tlie or.l guesis wtrc me &i uuiu ofriends. Mr. Caldwell is well-knowrhere, and for several years has beenconnected with the Lexington Herald.BOURBON NEWS, and other papersPVrr i ho nast se en months Mrs.rnnrfiiAv has oceunied the position as mara, formerly of Paris.McNAMARA.News was received hero Saturdaycf the death of Mrs. Maria B. McXa-Mrs. McNahousekeeper in his home, her home mara died on Tuesday at the home ofbeing at Ewing. She is the youngest ,ner son, Mr. Wm. F. McNamara, indaughter of Mr. and Mrs. Banes ue Qskosh, Wisconsin, after a long illness.Belle. The newly-wedded couple re, . ...,, i -r-r-i.. , ..,;.,.,. Iturnea 10 nuersuur6, nma. " third year. She was well-knownParis, where she resided forI many years.and were the recipients of numerousoongratulations Saturday.1 j Mrs. McNamara was in her seventi'-inmanyGRADUATION GIFTS.The A. J. Winters Co.BIRTHS.Mrs. McNamara is survived by fouchildren, Mrs. Katherine Carpenter,formerly of Paris and Millersburg.now residing in Lexington; Messrs. D.C. McNamara, of Boston, Mass., Geo.JE. McNamara, of Los Angeles, Cali.,;and Wm. F. McNamara, of OskoshWis. The body will be buried inmother. Mrs. Rosa Buckner, the bride'stwo sisters, Misses Elizabeth and NellCrutcher, and Mr. Catesby Spears.TO JUNE BRIDES.Make your gift selection at The A. J.Winters Co. Our stock is complete.MOTHER'S D-AY OBSERVEDHERE SUNDAY.GOESCOSTDOWN!THE HIGHOF LIVING!Dan Cohen Cuts the Shoe Cost!"Mother's Day" was observed hereSunday by scores of Paris men who jwore carnations in nonor oi uieirj.mothers.dead and living. Dozens otcarnations were given to men at theChristian church at the morning service, and the pastor. Rev. W. E. Ellis,preached a sermon appropriate to theoccasion. At the conclusion of the serGrand Rapids, Mich. Mr. D. C. Mc-jm011t fcur young persons united with 9VNamara. and Mrs. McNamara, Whohad been guests of friends and relaattend the funeral and burial.A handsome son was born Tuesday itives in ML Sterling, were in Paris.at the Massie Memorial Hospital, to . Saturday, enroute to Grand Rapids tothe wife of Mr. Charles Wilmott Mrs.Wlllmott was formerly Miss TonunieBrown, daughter of Mr. and Mrs. ShyBrown, of Hutchison.REPORT OF KELLER SALE.BRYAN.Mrs. Edward Bryan, aged twenty-i eight, died at the home of her parents,Mr. and Mrs. C. E. Wilmott. 302, . Grosvenor avenue, in Lexington, atAuctioneer m. a. Kenne- ol ' iS: 30 o'clock. Saturday evening, after.furnishes THK KMVb wiui uie iuii-jan nineSB of tWQ years Sne went.ing report of the sale held near .ser-, ft ,the congregation, one, Mr. James Falk-ner, by letter from the congregation oi'the Mt. Carmel church, and three others, Miss Annette Dudley. Mr. KirtleyJameson Gregg and Mr. Joseph Jones,by confession.An immense outlet, giving us a purchasing power un- jequaled by any other organization, makes this store the jBIGGEST' BARGAIN :SMOE MOUSE. New bargains daily Jreceived. If you want the latest novelties and exclusiveHigh Grade Men's, Women's and Children's jSpring Footwear! :Visit our store, compare Quality, styfes and prices, and Syou will take advantage of the WONDERFUL SHOE VALUESat less than they can be bought wholesale.B-4 HREInsure withW.O.H'NTON &SON,Agtston. Saturday, by Mr. Jos. H .Ew'alt. asadministrator of the estate of the lateMiss Mattie Keller, of Kiserton:Tli pre was a Rood attendance, and .nearly everything brought good pricesmight be benefitted by the change ofclimate, but returned, and for the pastyear .has been living in Lexington withher parents.Before her marriage she was MissOne horse. $131; cows, $3& to ?o0; one wiinmtt Qisfror nf Air uviiwirflsteer calf. $39; one sow and five Pigs,T HIntonf of Paris. Besides her sis$40; eight 100-lb. shoats, ?lo.o0 pei Mrg Hintonf she s survived by herhead; hams. 35 cents per lb.; shorn- .husbandf Mr Edward Bryan her par.ders. 31' cents; sides. 38 cents; lard 41 1 Mr and ms Q E wlhvottf twocents; all household effects sold ell brothers Mr G p wilmott and Mr. C.K . E. Wilmott, Jr., both of Cincinnati, andPOLICE COURT REPORT.jtwo sisters, Mrs. James Cooper, of Lexington, and Mrs. Arthur Vance, of Cin-v ludge E. B. January has submitted cinnati.to the City Council the following re- f The funeral was held at the homejort ot the business transacted in ,of her parents, at 2:30 o'clock yesterPolice Court during the month of April. Jday afternoon, with services conductedAmount of fines assessed, $42.50; by Dr. Granville E. Cameron. The pallamount of fines replevined, none; bearers were Albert Bryan, Jr., A. J.amount of fines suspended, none; Vance, iDr. H. H. Tarbell, M. L. Haramount of fines pardoned, -none; ris, Isaac Wilmott and George Wil-" araounX of fines collected, $85.50 mott The burial followed on theamount cf fines worfceJ out, none, family lot in the Lexington Cepietery.BARN BURNED.Fire of unknown origin destroyed the jbig stock barn of Mr. Sam Houston, located on the Jacksonville & Center-ille pike, near Jacksonville. The contents, hay, corn, oats and other teed,together with a suckling mule. wersslost in the flames. The loss is particovered by insurance.Fire, wind and lightninginsurance.Thomas, Woodford &BryanVALUABLE PONY KILLED.A fractious horse kicked a valuablepony belonging to the children of Mr.Joe Connell, in East Paris, Wednesday,injuring the animal so badly that ithad to be destroyed. In the past sixmonths Mr. Connell has lost an average of one valuable- horse a monthfrom' accidents.Ladies' White Kid or Rich Brown cf ocRuss. Tan Boots H-.JOLadies' Gray and White Kid Katinka PumpsLadies' White Canv. Sea IslandBoots and PumpsLadies' Kid Lace Boots andPumps which add grace to yourfootLadies' Pat. Dull Kid eo oc eo AQBoots and Pumps at. . Zp.tW-Sp.!Ladies' Pat. and Gun Metal Shoesand Slippers at.3.492.493.491.99Men's Plat. Calf Eng. arid Medium -Toe Shoes and Oxfords, W.-O . . - - $4.00 2Men's Russian Tan English - - -.,-v- 2Shoes andiOxfords,lW.-0. ..$4.50 Up SMen's Gun Metal and Tan Shoesand Oxfords, Walk-OverMen.s Gun Metal, Button, andand Lace, good qualityMen's Tan Lace OxfordsatMen's Gun Metal High Shoes andOxfords3.502.992.491.99IBoys', Misses' and Children'sTShoes and Slippers AtONE-HALF THE PRICE YOU PAY ELSEWHEREDAN COHENParis' Greatest Shoe StoreWhere Beauty and Economy ReignA ,A&JL