4j. -7 i$fc dS-SkTHE BOURBON NEWS'"V' "ftPUBLISHED EVERY TUESDAY AND FRIDAY IN THE YEAR.VIVOLUME XXXVI.PARIS, BOURBON COUNTY, KENTUCKY, TUESDAY, APRIL 17, 1917.TO EXTEND THEBARRED ZONE TOJUDGEMcMillanforThe official announcement of Judgef!. A, ATnATillnn Few -wi,i:.. ..-I A 1 LAFl 1 I L Ju.dg of Bourbon county appears inmis issue oi thjb BOURBON NEWS.It has been the custom in Bourbonre-election. Patriotic BourfaonitesFill Court Housemeasure as to stir the souls of menunto the uttermost parts of the earth,by a new declaration of the faith an-1the spirit of democracy that will liveand EUitio lllO destinies nf ImmnniJ-v en,Tn Civav(fykrntv long as men sha11 seek for freedom1U VlVeillUWlIlg has answered the brutal challenge ofthe most barbarous foe to civilizationof which there is record in the historyof time. In the name, and on behalfrtf - 1 AS i.1 J . ...n 1 TT ? 1 1 yeuyie, yuueuuy enuurmg iaefleSOiUOOnS UpilOlding vicious assaults of autocratic power on.-- Amerimn life nnrl lihfirfv nnrl nrnnortvexerting every agency of wise and patriotic statesmanship in the effort toTf W4DI u j . , . save Ilis country from the trials andufc imLiiuutiiu ui Uie rampanc jiardshlps and penalties of war, he(9aniPresident Passed.8WE KNOW HWis Belief of High Officials U11 for tlle past half centur-v t Rousing Talksconinliment flip lmlih.r r n,;. mAfter Receiving Confl- with a second term. Mr. McMillani , n , ,1,as certainly made good and hisdentiai KepOrtS. (friends and supporters say there is no; doubt that this custom will be follow-WARHiKflmw ' AWi itk,i 5d in the coming election. If elected,Germany will shortly announce tha Z ,;.' lo re-aPPlnt alu uia- causeu reveral thousand has spoken in magnificent vindicationthe "barred zone" has been exttrai Engineer, Mr. Ben F People from the city and county to' of the rights and ideals of the civili-to the North Atl-inHn nll-n Ja L I Bedford' ho uas bee,i a God-send to crowd the Bourbon county court zatin for which we stand. He has SSTLnrnhVS? I the users of the public highways of house to overflowing, and then soma. asked the Congress for a declara-thou warning is the conrinn? Bourbon county' as evW dllar that at the mass meeting held there Satur- ?. f r' dispassionate re-XKhS "e conclusion ar- was available to spen(I on tt road day afternoon. It was a meeting o' -traif' alm?S5 asing understand- Srived at by high officials here follow- i. llpp PpT n nn,-0 , .nhoi. c,,:,,,: , ,b i"g, he guided his country to a posi-ing the receipt of confidential reports ? i f H ? S and ' ?1er,f0,ls-m n?ed. pePle who re tlon so eminent and conspicuous thatreoorts from the dinlnmnts frfondu, to no ?ne penny. went elsewhere. alized that a crisis m the history of history must record she fought only S. r - .,Uv,v w .lllrlfro MnATilloTi lei -,:i j thn TvToJaii-i i,t., t a i j i . . . , ,.. iZ-v.ov. A.J.V.A.XXXAU.U 10 a iav;uvi ruitu- " """" ub uuse at nana, ana wuen unprovoKea ana unaeciarecl war Wbuilder, having taken a course in this they attended the meeting in an eu- was practiced against her. A patri-' Sthe United States.The extension of the barredUUc, Hrr fP rrnflr ntwl linn w..3. It rloovnw r nt-toni. T. 11 - ntin nnrl nniiiititirlniFlnir irn rvnnnn n... Iit is said is heinir nlnnnprl in tlm offnff- rt maue l- tt Prac- u"' w atteat uy uieir presence "" - wuunjr-uiifa vfeicaa a.tr, trm nil pS? toic Jn i Uce durills his administration to per- their sanction and approval of the asked to recognize the state of war,LLVIh measures taken by President Wilsoi already brought about and being wag-2? e w nr v!? f n" that has been SinS Readily on since and Ms advisers to meet the emer- dJynhlS 8avaSf and brutal aggressor.ish the number of vessels now avail- 1l5c flcf ,.,. 7, , j , 7: cmci Tlie congress has spoken and ou-iable for transportation of foodstuffs ,"" V "rk"" "f , " -w- " o-w. "country, in defense of its good name,over tnB State, havimr been on tl.p crowd that surced in and about. t.h.- suard and to nreserve the form of,. . - " 5 .,'.. . . . .program lor an address at nearly court house was larger byfar than had government ana tne cnaracter of civevery one of the meetings. ueeu thought .possible. The crowd fillNettleton Fine Shoesare the best high grade shoes made in the United States.If you have never worn Nettleton Shoes you cannot appreciate what a splendid shoe they are. When other factories try to lower the price by cheapening the quality,the Nettleton Shoe remains the same dependable qualitythat has made them famous the country over. Our stockof Nettleton Shoes for Spring in Black Vici Kids, BlackChrome Calf and Light Weight Tan Kussia Calf HighShoes and Oxfords you will find in all sizes and styles.Nettleton Shoes Will Cost You $8.00 and $8.51but the price is in keeping with the fine quality that theyare. We would advise you' to buy your shoes now, as allgrades of leather is advancing beyond the retailers' expectations and this Fall shoes will be considerably higher.and ammunition to the European na- ,, C Deen 0I vamaDle service iL was nPea aim expecteU that the in protection of its honorable standing'lions at war witn Cprmnnv a U the public Good Roads Meetings ail attendance would be,arge, but the among the nations of the earth, to !The report of the intention of thefterman government is said to havebeen decided upon shortly after theentrance of the United States into thewar and was taken with the doublepurpose of further destroying Entente ., n . ,,ina efir o 1,m the Quarterly Courtliatin-American nations.ilization established, and entrusted. to 2Miss fJranp TTnsVine will icn ha .. ed everv avaiinhlp inni. r.f cnonn ir, fi, lIS' b' our torefatliers, strikes in war.appointed by him as his oflicient z, bis court room ,onS hfefore the bo.E'Uth rZZsistant in his office and as Clerk of set for the beginning of the program. Whose sons for three long years haveana several hundred tamly sought ad-' borne the burden, to avenge the rapeWe believe Mr. McMillan has been mission, the overflow being large, of Belgium, the cowardly destructionas fair and impartial in his decisions enough to have held ft big mass meeton the bench as a Judge could be. m of their own. Outside, the 'yardWASHINGTON, April 16. Exhaus- lie has always given his service and an(1 streets were filled with peopletire reports of the department of jus- money in every campaign where a wno were disappointed in not havingtice agents received here seem to in- Democrat's chances were at stake. We Deen able to get in to see and hear,dicate that the disastrous explosion ii believe the Judge has fulfilled all his Tne court room where the proceedingsthe Eddyston Ammunition Corpora pre-election ipromises and are sure h took place was tastily decorated withtion's plant and other minor mysteries will clo just what he says he will do if flags, and other national emblems,are tne work of a single and powerful re-elected. In his card in last issue lid whle the vari-colored dresses of theorganization that is working to spread promises the following: ladies lent a beautiful added touch ofa reign of terror throughout the coun- "I propose to give you a real busi color to the scene,try- - ness administration and to devote my1 Tne meeting was p.csided over byThe reports that have been received time and energy to the duties of the Mayor John T. Hinton, who called it toby the department are now being office. To personally see that no fa- order and stated the object. Attorneyclosely considered by the officials with voritism is shown in awarding con William Grannan was chosen secrea view of determining upon plans to tracts, to also see that the side pikes tary. The meeting was opened withhandle the situation. ( receive their just proportion of the flrayor by Rev. Dr. O. It. Mangum,money expended in improvements (it pastor of the Paris Baptist church.KEW YORK, April 16. Federal offi is possible for this to be done at this After the singing of "1 he Star-Spangl-cialsin the round-up of German aliens time, as during my present term I have ed Banner," Mayor Hint on announcedmade four more arrests which are said caused all of the main turnpikes to the speakers of the afternoon wouldto be highly important to the efforts e put in good order and at this time e County Judge Charles A. McMil-dh-ectedby the department of justice I have secured sufficient machinery Ian, Rev. George H. Harris, rector ofin locating German spies to repair the side pikes) and to impar- St Peter's Episcopal church, of Paris,One of the men arrested was Hans tially, faithfully and efficiently enforce Attorneys John J. Williams, ReubeiBhret, German, who after being taken the law in all matters to give you the R. Hutchcraf t and David CJlne,-into custody is said to have confessed test service withinme. I will make Paris, and Col. C. M. Pest, of the Milto the Federal authorities in which he you no promises which I know I can- lersburg Military Institute. Theimplicated thre others. ot fulfill, only to obtain your votes." speeches made by these gentlement w sfprt AvhilP TiiaMne- mi That's all any Judge could do, anI were full of patriotism and gave aattempt to leave New York. His movp- e believe that's what the voters of message to the loyal people of Parisxnents have been closely watched for Bourbon county want It is commonly and Bourbon county, in unmistakablethe determination of theAmerican .people to "stand by thePresident and Congress." Theirspeeches were greeted by cheers andcontinued applause by the immense audience, who were further worked upto a high pitch of enthusiasm by thesinging of "America" and "My Oilmjot Servia and Montenegro, the waste iand spoliation of the cities and monu- 2(Continued on Page 2.) S9a-ri riav-c hv ip fovpmTiiPnf: nffl- said by his friends, "Well, if 'Mc" said terms ofC1&S 'he would do it, you can depend on it. 'NAVY RECRUITING OFFICERSTO BE HERE THURSDAYTwo representatives of the UnitedStates Navy Recruiting Service will beat the Paris postoffice Thursday to obtain recruits for the Navy. Anyoneenlisting on that day will be furnishedfree transportation to LexingtonAll men between sixteen and thirtyfour will" be eligible for enlistment.Boys under eighteen years will haveto obtain the .consent of their parentsor guardians before enlisting. Thesalaries range from $17.60 to $71.50 atthe start. .TO ADMINISTER ESTATE.In the County Court Saturday, Mr.Joseph H.. Ewalt was appointed as administrator of the estate of Miss Mattie Keller, who died near Shawhansome time ago. Walker B. Kiser,Charles LaRue and Roger Currentwere appointed to appraise the estate.FIBER CUSHIONdBiWMWM..'my,,. sQ.i'MflmOAK LEATHER OUT SOLE,..., ft,,.,.,,,.,.,,,,,,,,.,,,,,,,,,..,,,..SZCTIONAL VIEW SHOWING CONSTRUCTION OF SOLZDr. A. REED'S CUSHION SHOE(patented)? P. Smith Shoe Company, MakersVMWlmm""mmI Dr. Reed's Cushion Sole ShoesiYou all know they are one of the old land marks of Paris.Many a man who suffered with aching feet has been madehappy and comfortable by following Dr. Reed's adviceand wearing the soft cushion-sole shoe which bears hisname.Price $7.00 and $7.50Mitchell & Blakemoreic$&&'reiHWASHINGTON, April 16. The WarIepartment has reversed a previousruling and announced that under existing law, States have the right to jorganize new units of the NationalGuard. This opens the door to expansion of the existing force of about125,000 men to 400,000 attween Bolivia and , Germany havobeen severed.DWASHINGTON. Aoril 16. Therehas been a great rush to join the Kentucky Home," to which the musicNational Red Cross since the declara- of the Bys' Band oC tlis Odd Fellows'tinn .nf a. state of war. Annlications Home afc Lexington, lout added inspi-Peace nattier w iioannrtorc lioro nf ration. All over the b'g court room, ... i.i trf nrt .-. .,.. vummb iiiw u,uuui4vv,.u . ..... -Btrengui or mum mau ouu.uuv rat6 Qf between sooo and 4000 a nags waved ana som3 of the morelooting. da The society whicn only a year enthusiastic ones stood up in theirlor two ago, had less than 50,000 mem- seats' and tried to &' better vent l0 iWASHINGTON, April 16. Control bers now iias upward of 300,000, and their feelings.nf nnhifnftv in pjinnection with tlis i.o CQf ?f- oi of i nnn nnn I The presence of the MillersburgGovernment war activities has beenplaced by President Wilson in the-hmd nf . committee of nublic infor- BEUNOS AIRES, April 16. The Ar-RMilitary Institute cadets, in theirhandsome uniforms of grey, gave amilitary touch to the scene that fit-mation whose task it will be to safe- gentine sailing snip Monte .rrotegiao ted in well with the occasion. Theruard secrets of value to the enemy has been sunk off the European coast, cadets were remarkably well-drilled,and at the same time to see that all according to unofficial announcements and attracted a great deal of attenaffairs of the nation are laid before made here. tlon,, especially among the fair sex.the public The committee will b I It was announced, that the ship was The cadets, under the command ofcomposed of Secretaries Lansing, Dan- twice fired on by the guns of a Ger Maj. Nelson, and headed by the Boys'iels and Baker with George Creel as man submarine and that one member Band, marched down Main street, andof the crew was wounded. Alter tne filed into the court loom, where anews became known an excited crowd section had been reserved for them,marched through the streets shouting. After the exercises they gave an ex-Down with the German assassins." lubition drill, which showed they hadiels andclfilian headWASHINGTON, April 16. That anorganized plot has been launched .and Groups of students paraded the streets had splendid training in the manual of !singing patriotic songs. Two German arms, and attested the worth of theirnewspapers published in Buenos Aires instructors. One feature of the pa-n view of press by the crowds closed rade, which was headed by Judge E. B.their offices. January, was the employes of the. Power Grocery Company, carrying abig American flag.The last speaker of the afternoonwas Hon. Claude M. Thomas, who, innrooacranda is being carried on opposiag the administration was reached following the receipt of numerous form letters "against war" received by Congressmen and evidence submitted tothe House Military Affairs Committee, jupfK" ' 'rffillDRESSUPCopyright 1917, A B. Hirschbaum Co.I WASHINGTON, April 16. WilliamJennings Bryan became the first re-tirAcmMnTOW Anril 16. The Gir-ernment's plan to build a vast fleet of emit to-day under President WilSon'e introducing lhe resolutions, which hadCall tO eveiy .ajiiencm iu am meswooden cargo ships to transport sup-been prepared by the committee, madevlies to the Allies and thus defeat the country in the prosecution of the war. a atriotic speechf the equal of wnich" . - ., . n "MV Prvan n.-mforrprl With thft PreKl- . r . . - .hmarine campaign or me ueriuaus j- w - .... ; has seldom Deen neard nere. Tne res-. . .i:fw fn-t- rifint and told him he was willing to ..... ... .. TT ,."TfaS put Under way ucuuuci; . vi.j umuuua mo immu. uuiuw. uyuu mj-itiien a $50,000,000 corporation was serve on the firing line or anywhere tion mad6 by Mr Thomas, and secformed by the shipping board to ope- else the President wanted him. .onded by Rey George H Harris, the'resolutions were adopted amid cheersI WASHINGTON, April 16. Arthur J. an(i an enthsiasm that simply had torate the vessels.WASHINGTON, April 16. Secret Balfour, British Foreign Minister, ar- fln(1 a vent.3jnts of the Government are on thetrail "of the master spy." reach Washington late to-oay to tah.e Bourbon county people, and they tookrived in the United States and will; it Was a great day for Paris andConvinced th?t a spy organization j part in the conference on the best .aid advantage of the occasion to demon-.-, KoorvrkTicihiP fnr the munitions ex-plosions, and fires which reached theirulimax in the Edyston disaster, Unole Sam's men are seeking the centerof the network of plots.The decision of the secret servicethat the spy activities are centralizedand under efficient control, led to thelevival of reports that a German Government official, or army officer, wasm the United States, in disguise, directing the plotters.that America can give to the Allies.WASHINGTON, April 16. The Senate Finance Committee has favorablvreported the $7,000,000,000 bond billwhich passed the House Saturday. Itwill be rushed through the SenateTuesday.NEW RESTAURANT OPENED.Grant Owsley & Co. is the name ora newr restaurant uuu auuuu wumuLA PAZ, BOLIVIA, April 16 The' that will be thrown open to the pub-, -German minister and his staff have'iic on to-morrow. The new firm is lo-heea handed their isgports by ' the cated in the room lately vacated b7Bolivian. Government "with a note de-jjame Batterton at thewrner of Mainring that "diplomatic relations 0 be- J and 'Serehth. , , , f- - . t4. V "strate their patriotism and loyalty tocountiy and the priciples of liberty forwhich our forefathers fought and died.In a desire to attest his patriotismJohn Smitz the landscape gardener ati the Simms residence on Secondstreet, fashioned a large American flagmade of red, white and blue flower ofhis own raising, which he wove artistically on wire, and .presented it toJudge McMillan. The flag occupied aprominent position ai the speaker'sstand during the exercises. Mr.Smitz is a loyal American. His contribution'to the meeting was greatlyadmired. v"The President of our beloved?country, in ,wofds of such herojcWALSH'SAre the Best Clothes For You!And here's why: They're made for you; the style you want; the qualityyou need; the fit you should have, and at prices that will suit your purse.$ 1 2.50 to $30.00We scoured the market for these values and we feel sure you will find what you wanthere. Every new fabric in the newest patterns and colors are to be found here, made-infashion's latest models English, Pinch and Belted Backs. Not forgetting the conservativeman we have assembled a beautiful line for him to select from.Come In and We Will Show You Reasons Why You ShouldWear Our ClothesR. P. WALSH7th and MainTHE NEW STOREParis, Ky.fiTHE BOURBON NEWS, PARIS, KY.TUESDAY, APRIL 17, lllXiWAGE TWOTTl 12 K IM wll lack tte daPtiuity to hold seated upon a bench in front of the1 I1C DOUTDOn INeWS office, store or factory positions. Rowan homestead."ttabllshed 188135 Years of'tinuous Publication.Servants are luxuries to-day. Where tHigh up in a top of a tree, a mocfc-Con" they once jumped at $3 per week, the7 in& bird warbled its sweet notes. Overoften now ask double that sum. Hencs in the hidden recesses of the bush, themanv young: married women, whose thrush's mellow tones could be heard.bHshed Every Tuesday and Friday, mothers kept "hired girls," are to-da From where they sat, the brother and4c Year... 52.00 Six Months. ..$1.00 donning tne apron, ana are muepena- isi.er jum see iu uie ui&wuue otPayable in Advance. ent mistresses ui uiu luiuueu.For young people of moderate income and good health, it is a sens!SWIFT CHAMP, Editor and Owne ble thing to do. Tnere are many ap.pliances that make housework easier.Joseph's College, one of Kentucky's famous institutions for learning. Smallnegro children were playing not faraway.Almost unconsciously, Foster eganto write the words of a son that wasWhen he had.grSSC4: KBHSSgPflteft XXSSSS&3Efee raiglfreatmentragg:Any erroneous reflection upon the The husband should not feel it hecharacter, standing or reputation of npati. his dienitv to heln clean house eoing through his headmay person, firm or corporation which . e dishes. The saving is sub. finished it, his sister took the papermay appear in the columns of THE ofn ,, mnrr frllo rnnnann of from his hands and in a sweet, mel-BOURBON NEWS will be gladly cor- "-". -retted if brought to attention of the a loriune.stantial, and may be the foundation ofeditor:iCOLORED DIVINE WANTSI TO ENLIST AS CHAPLAINlow voice sang the first verse of asong that has since become famous.The sun shines bright on my old Kentucky home;'Tis summer, the darkies are gay:The corn top's ripe and the meadow'sin bloom,While the birds make music all theday.I Fired with zeal to serve his countryin some capacity in the service of theUnited States in the present war withGermany, Rev. E. A. Driver, pastor of 'The young folks roll on the little cabinthe colored Methodist church at North I floor,I i ii ii 11 i i. iMiddletown. has annlied for admission AU merry, an nappy, an origin.,to the service in the capacity of chaplain., Rev. Driver is a native of this State,though ho was raised in Ohio. He hadan ambition in his earlier years to, By-m by hard times comes a-knockinat the doorThen my old Kentucky home, goodnightThe mocking bird descended to aADVERTISING RATESDisplav Advertisements, 51.00 perjoin the army, but was persuaded to lower bough. The feathery songsterenlist in the "war against sin" and drew his head to one side, completelytherebv lost a great opportunity to be- enraptured by the wonderful voice ofcome "one of the Nation's defenders. Uie young singer. The noises in theThe war fever is now upon him, and f,el(1 &ave wa to a Perfect stillnesshe is anxious to be accepted as a re- as tlle, last sweet note died awa' UP011Icruit. ;lu ai'suddenly, tne orotner s ueep oassvoice was heard in the following sweetwords :The first recruit to Ihe army from the iInch for .rst time; 50 cents per inch sa"ie neigiiDoniooa was .ur. i nomaseach subsequent insertion. (Stacey, who has been in the employReading Notices, 10 cents per line of Mr. William Stewart near Northeach issue; reading notices in black Middletown, for some time. Staceytype, 20 cents per line, each issue. 'enlisted at the Lexington recruitingVjaras OI UU1UKS, ctuib uii vauui- cfan -,i wns conf t i10 mnitarv' .", W.. . ..W WW..W WW ..w .-.--.CHORUSWeep no more my lady; oh weep nomore to-day;We'll sing one song for the old Kcn-tnolrv linmpSpecial rate's for large advertise- Peters, formerly of North Middletown, For our olj Kentucky home far awaj.ments and yearly contracts. who nas oeen living in west VirginiaThe right of publisher is reserved for several months, enlisted in the . The darkies had laid down theirto decline any advertisement or other service in that State and was also hoe and rake; the little tots had plac-dates, obituaries and resolutions, andaiinilar matter, 10 cents per line.camp at Ft. Thomas, Ky. Mr. Edwardmatter for publication.Announcements for political officesKiust invariably be accompanied bythe cash.transferred to Ft. Thomas..Patriotic Mass MeetingAt The Court House.EDITORIAL MUSINGS.numbers of Edith Cavells."Therefore, The people of the cityof Paris, and the County of BourbonThis is an age of tourists and tour- in mass convention assembled, this.. ... Anril 14 1917ang. i-eopie Keep tneir eyes open as "-",' 'Ied themselves behind the large sheltering trees, while the old black wo-imen were peeping around the cornerof the house. The faithful old housedog never took his eyes off the youngsingers. Everything was still, noteven the stirring of the leaves brokethe wonderful silence.Again the brother and sister tookContinued from Page 1.) jments and fields of beautiful France, Ijand, at last, in memory of countless hold of the remaining notes and sansin sweet accents.The Town Beautiful Movement.the 'possumI?Afrltn1 TIr4- Tlinf ir i rr rA m x ., ,! j xtcaui cu. riiot. x nau w u una coci v-xsey pat tarouBu uuma, uaiuu0. edJ commend and endorse the his&ee what refinement and civic spirit ? ,, OT,11T.:no. Tvrr,ic or.,i nn,c-ihey can find. A town that beautifies of the president of the United States! On the henrfi'hv Mip. md oabin .lnnr3t8 nuoac streets ana uiau nas auwc jn guidance or our country through-J The day goes by like a shadow o'erThey hunt no more forand the coon,On the meadow, the hill and theshore;They sing no more by the glimmer ofthe moon,live residence grounds draws interest out these years of trial and almostirom all over a State. unbearable responsibility, and, mindTowns ought to take the greatest lul of all the burdens and sacrificesMdns to beautify the streets through entailed, we commend and approve-which this stream of motor travel . thfsing, also to clean up neighborhood and tne 8(WSalled imperialthrough which railroad tracks run. Government of Germany. We aref7hen motorists find dilapidated build- hapPy ,u the consciousness that both'iags, ill kept grounds, stables decor- Senators and all members of theated with circus posters, etc., they House of Representatives from Ken-caxrv away a disagreeable impression "tucky responded to the call of Amer-The view from the railroad car is ca, and splendidly supported this res-vsoally one of tumbled down chicken "Snes61186 f CUntrycoops, piles of ashes and rubbish UBe!?ee5clvedf Secondly: That weProperty owners prehaps say to them- tender hereby, in support of theseselves that the strangers that pass by acti0ns by the President and the-won't know who it is that keeps sucli Congress, to our country the moralx. looking place. All the same, they and material support of all the cit-JTinow the name of the town. izenship of Bourbon county, pledging-. Many towns, realizing the impor- unreservedly every resource to thetnce of the effect produced on trav- "mit of our capacity for the mamten--$" ". , , v mio nr aiice and preservation of the ideals-lers, take pains to make little park, haye mado j and tne fu.spots near railroad stations and alon,; ture Qf whicht God helping us, we aremain streets. It is astonishing what resoivedf even to the last man anda change can be made in a dingy the last dollar, shall be secured as asquare by planting a few trees and heritage for our children, as it wasskmbs I guaranteed to us by those who haveBverj' town should have a committee' gone before. To these ends we dedi-to look specially after the appearance' TSnJi 3?5pw aw i j .- ,Xun . site sacrifice and suhenng, and, whileof these arteries of travel. The on ,no(. seeking the combat, since it hasrs of property abutting on them been forced upon VLBt we expect and askidxrald he urged to co-operate in a gen-' and hope for no peace except theral clean-up and beautification move- peace of victory.saent If a railroad won't clean the "Resolved, Further: That as citiHhWsh out of its richt of way. theizens of , this great country, anxiouslyKT w - . -- , ,the heart,With sorrow where all was delight;The time has come when the darkieshave to part,Then my old Kentucky home, goodnight.REPEAT CHORUS.The head must bow and the back willhave to bend,Wherever the darkies may go.l iov iiiuio uuva aim. tiie uuuuie an i-t.. t:.. ...... 4-i.... . i-'i- iiauvc uuuiili, LuceT tfcM1 1 1 !Lantl 0f tlie n0l)le freeIn the fields where the sugar canes Tny Jmme j iovejgrOW. IT 1nv i, v nn.-a anrl rillc-I1 "'- "J v..j ..v .....,OODRICHBLACK SAFETY TREAD TIRES"A Tire's A Tire For A' That"'7HATEVER the size of av Goodrich fabric tire it stands;h in the eyes of Goodrich aslargest tire. Goodrich knowscaste in its tires.Goodrich is careful that thebest standard of material andworkmansnip goes into itstire as ii goes into thek wu L Lii CflfHmTsfflam Mk Afc!i3ym lliKilAwlmlWhero You See This Sign lmS!!Goodrich Tires are itociicd TJjMJPfliM'l alPlAsk Yosr Dedcr for ThemiGoodrich FairTreatment, too,backs up the small tire and thebig tire to the same utmostlimit. Buy Goodrich tires inthe size you need, confidentyou are getting the bestGoodrich can give,, which isthe best fabric tire made.Ihe B, F. Goodrich Rubber Co. "Akron, OhioEnK2$S23G "JBesZ zzz tlj.e Xjz2& JZvtxz77wmstsaxBBxsmI3,SbSat2Ci:aikdwi'Wt I t ilJ. I i.I1 1TEXTAN is a fibre soleNOT rubber. It is waterproof, stub-proof, flexible,matches your shoes perfectly and outwears anyleather sole you everWOre. AS& yuur ueoiwit.TANths GOODHiGB SoJManufactory! byThe B. F,GoodrichRubber Co,Akron, OhioBranchescad DealersEvcTyrviiersEaChiaLand of the pilgrim's pride,From every mountainside,Let Freedom ring!(2)iowns-people could better afford to doL themselves than to let it remain. Ifa screen of trees could he plantedauong the hack yards adjoining raiiVo&d tracks, the traveller in a fewlawnlHnfr frnm Timir tn linnr information as to action heing taken hy thosein authority of government, we urge aspeedy preparedness for any end, nomatter how distant in space or time;that at the earliest possible moment.years would get a wholly different im j the Star Spangled Banner shall bereesion of the place.Standardizing Domestic Service. jA scheme has teen started at Montlair, N. J., for standardizing domes-tfo service. Candidates for positionsxs Oiousemaids will have to pass ceriaia tests. Then they will be eligibleim receive certain fixed rates of wages.This may relieve wealthy householdswiose smooth, routine is now upset byplaced on the battle front side by sidewith the Cross of St. George and theTricolor of glorious France; that noseparate peace be ever negotiated withthis vicious, brutal and monstrous enemy of humanity an its civilized institutions. "Resolved, Finally: That copies ofthese resolutions be forwarded to thePresident, to the Senators from Kentucky, and to J. Campbell Cantrill,member of Congress for the districtin which we reside."After the adoption of the resolutionstsjk service imported from the Euroetn peasantry. But it does not prom-1 which was done amid the greatest enfee to relieve more modest home? ithusiasm, the meeting was closed withIt mil still be difficult to find that all"ering drudge, the "girl for generalcasework." As standards of servicidvance, standards of pay keep pace.It is often remarked that womenxve made a mess of the domestic service problem, and have made conditions so onerous and unpleasant thatfew girls care to undertake this task.It would be nearer truth to say thatthe. wages of women in 'factories andstores have advanced and that seraats pay has gone up to correspondWhen a girl can enter a factory andira ?8 to $10 a week, she is slow to ,go into a home and take ?4,. ,. -i v..- tgm;ia Deneaicuon prouuuuceu uj .oiu.Tavlor Sharrard.MY OLD KENTUCKY HOME.The following article, whicb hasbeen widely copied, first appearelJune 16, 1881, in the columns of TheNelson County Record, a publicationwhich has passed out of existence:A young man and his sister werevisiting their old friend; Judge Rowan,who lived near Bardstown, Ky. Withtrue Kentucky hospitality, he had en-A few more days to tote the wearyloadNo matter, it will never be light;A few more days till we totter on theroad,Then my old Kentucky home, goodnight.As the song was finished, tearsThy woods and templed hills;My heart with rapture thrills,Like that above.(3)Let music swell the breeze,And ring from all the trees,Sweet Freedom's song;T .of mnrtnl fnnmtnc: n .filrflowed down the old darkies' cheeks. Let all that breathe partake.a lie umiureu. trupt irom uieir uiuiugplaces behind the trees, their fac93wreathed in smiles. The mocking birdand the thrush sought their homes inthe thicket, while the old dog still laybasking in the sun.THE STAR-SPANGLED BANNER.tertained his guests, showing them thoThe mis-1 various points of interest on his estatetrees may figure that she gets board jand throughout the surrounding countr Tehlrfi she would have to pay ?' uy. fine uiuiu B..rr $8, so that in the aggregate shegets a better net return. But if thegirl lives at home while taking thefactory or store job, she may have toptyf but two or three dollars weekryfrer board. This would leave hera. kirgr sum than the housework girl-U.-and her Sundays and eveningslaci iree. neuuc w i i"k vwliclited with what' they heard andsaw. The spell of the Kentucky fieldywas about them. They began to weavein their fancies the beautiful thoughtsthat slowly crept into their minds.One beautiful morning, while thedarkies were at work in the cornfieldsand the sun was shining with, a mightysplendor on the waving grass, Stephen(1)Oh, say can you see, by the dawn'searly light,What we so proudly hailed at the twilight's last gleaming,Whose broad stripes and bright stars,thro' the perilous fight,O'er the ramparts we watched, were sogallantly streaming.And the rockets' red glare, the bombsbursting in air,Gave proof through the night that ourflag was still there.Oh, say, does that star-spangled banneryet waveO'er the land of the free and the homeof the brave?(2)On the shore dimly seen thro' the mistof the deep,Where the foe's host in dread silencereposes,As it fitfully blows, half conceals, halfdiscloses?Now it catches the gleam of the morning's first beam,In full glory reflected, now shines onthe stream.'Tis the star-spangled banner, O, longmay it wave,O'er the land of the free and the homoof the brave.(3)Oh, thus be it ever when freemanshall stand.Between their loved homes and thewar's desolation,Blest witn victory and peace may theHeaven rescued landFraise the power that hath made andpreserved us a nation;Then conquer we must when our causeit be just,And this be our motto, "In God is ourtrust."And the star-spangled banner in triumph shall wave.O'er the land of the free and the homeof the brave.Let rocks their silence break,The sound prolong.(4)Our Father's God, to thee.Author of liberty,To Thee we sing,Long may our land be bright,With Freedom's holy ught.Protect us by night,Great God, our King.L. & N. TIME TABLE(Effective Sunday, May 28, 1916, 12.01)TRAINS FROM ARRIVALNo.134 Lexington, daily except Sunday 5:18 m34 Atlanta, daily .-- 5:25 am25 Cynthiana, daily except Sunday 7:35 am10 Rowland, daily except Sunday -....7:36 am11 Maysville daily except Sunday , 7:38 am40 Lexington daily except Sunday - . ...7:40 am17 Maysville, daily except Sunday 9:50 am37 Cincinnati, O., daily 9:52 am12 Lexington, daily 10:12 am33 Chicago, daily 10:17 am26 Lexington, Daily Except Sunday '.....12:00 m29 Cynthiana, Daily Except Sunday 2:55 pm9 Maysville, Daily Except Sunday 3:ft0 lya138 Lexington, Daily 3:12 pm38 Knoxville, Tenn., Daily 3:15 pm19 Maysville, Daily 5:40 pm39 Cincinnati, Daily Except Sunday 5:56 pm14 Lexington, Daily Except Sunday f:lg pa32 Jacksonville, Fla., Daily ; 6:33 pm31 Cincinnati, O., Daily 10:38 pm130 Lexington Daily 10:23 p maroffilfrl$1.50TOCincinnatiand ReturnOn Special Sunday Excursion onSunday, April 22gpecial train leaves Paris 8:20a. m., arriving in Cincinnati at10:30 a. m. .Returning leaves Cincinnati(4th Street Station) at 7 p. m.W. V. SHAW, Agent.J. K. SMITH, T. A.TRAINS FOR LEAVENo.16 Maysville, Daily except Sunday 5:3d am34 Cincinnati, waily 5:30 am40 Cincinnati, daily except Sunday....' 7:45 am11 Lexington, daily except Sunday 7:47 am10 Maysville, daily except Sunday 7:48 am25 Lexington, daily except Sunday 9:55 am37 Knoxville, daily 9:57 am133 Lexington, daily 10:20 am33 Jacksonville, daily 10:22 am18 Maysville, daily 12:04 pro26 Cynthiana, daily except Sunday 12:05 pm13 Lexington, daily except Sunday 3:17 pm38 Cincinnati, dally 3:20 pm39 Lexington, daily except Sunday 5:57 pj9 Rowland, Daily except Sunday r:oo pm14 Maysville, daily except Sunday 6:33 pm32 Chicago, daily 6:38 pm30 Cynthiana, daily except Sunday 6:43 pm139 Lexington, Sunday only !9:38 pm118 Maysville, Sunday only 9:3o pm119 Rowland, Sunday only 9 J40 pro129 Lexington, Daily 6:35 pmWteNO. TRAINS ARRIVE FROM2 Frankfort, Ky., Daily Ex. Sunday 7:3g j4 Frankfort, Ky., Daily Ex. Sunday 5-50 n mTRAINS DEPART FOR1 Frankfort, Ky., Daily Ex. Sunday. 8:25 a. nu.3 Frankfort. Ky., Daily Ex. Sunday 6:25 .' .rk Ws to depend largely on girla j Collins Foster arid his sister wereAMERICA.(1)fMy country, 'tis of thee,Sweet land of liberty,Of thee I sing;LandVhere myfathers died'-'fty$4$ZKentucky Educational AssociationLOUISVILLE, APRIL 18-28Low Round Trip 'Rates From Paris and All Way StationsLouisvile & Nashville RailroadTICKETS ON SALE APRIL 24-25-26; LIMIT MAY 1SEE NEAREST I. & N. AGENT FOR PARTICULARSr 4- VTUHSDAY, APRIL, 17, 1917.THE BOURBON NEWS, PARIS, KY,PAGE THUSANNOUNCEMENT.fALL CHILDREN LOVE"SYRUP OF FIGS" FOR ,LIVER AND BOWELS.We are authorized1 to announce thsgood Democrats below as candidatesatUio Democratic primary on August Give It When Feverish. Cross. Bilious,;4. 1917, to fill the offices to whichthey aspire:FOR STATE SENATORLEE W. WAINSCOTT,Clark County.. GEORGE HON,Clark County.ABRAM RENICK,i. Clark County.FOR REPRESENTATIVE.C. M. THOMASIFor Bad Breath or SourStomach.Look at the tongue, mother! Ifcoated, it is a sure sign that your little one's stomach, liver and bowelsneed a gentle, thorough cleansing at,once.When peevish, cross, listless, pale,doesn't sleep, doesn't eat or act natu-SOCIAL AND PERSONAL.Comings and Goings of OurPeople Here, There andElsewhere.Mrs. W. F. Turner is convalescingfrom a recent severe illness.Miss Ruth Tinnel, of Winchesteris a guest of Miss Agnes Turner, inthis city.Mr. and Mr. O. W. Murphy havereturned for a visit to Mrs. Murphy'jfather, Mr. G. M. Cox, at Latonia.Mr. Rion Dow has returned to hishome in Fort Dodge, Iowa, after a visitrally, or is feverish, stomach sour,breath bad; lias stomach-ache, sore nni1T1tvthroat, diarrhoea, full of cold, give a Mrs Warren Rogers was the hos.teaspoonful of "California Syrup of tess to the members of her bridge clubFigs," and in a few hours all the foul, recently at her home on the Cansconstipated waste, undigested food Ridge pike, near Paris.and sour bile gently moves out of its Mr. and Mrs. B. F. Bridges haveto relatives and friends in this city and, ... w.... wuv. . t.VIUV,-UVVsf VWFOR SHERIFF.WILL G. McCLINTOCK,v, l Doo Marshall and Bob Gilkey asdeputies.L. A. SOPER,Witii D. E. Clarke and L. C. Ashcraft mile bowels without griping, and you returned to their home in Georgetown"b uepuuea. hnvo n Woii TAiQVfi nvi nmtn .alter a visit to Mr. and Mrs. J. W.I Wf tfcJ 4.U.A VMAIU WfaUIUl M . .You needn't coax sick children o Jone,s; in North Middletown.,.iii u. j. d. wuuu una reLumtJu uoS'FOR COUNTY JUDGE.GEORGE BATTERTONC. A. McMILLAN.FOR COUNTY ATTORNEYDAVID D. CLINE.COUNTY SUPERINTENDENTSCHOOLS.J. B. CAYWOOD.MISS MABEL ROBBINS,OFFOR JAILERGEO. W. JUDY,THOS. TAUL,JOHN H. DOTY,WALKER RISER,C. T. MASTERSON,W. O. BUTLER,JOHN W. KING,J. W. HART.FOR ASSESSORWALTER CLARK,afcP&rU, with Jno. J. Redmon, of NorthMiddletown, as deputy.GEO. D. SPEAKES,o Paris, with Lee R. Craven, of LittleRfeCk. at Deputy.FOR MAYORJAMES H. MORELAND.W. O. HINTONE. B. JANUARYtake this harmless "fruit laxative:'they love its delicious taste, and it always makes them feel splendid.Ask your druggist for a 50-cent bottle of "California Syrup of Figs,"wnicn lias directions tor babies, chii- ter a visit to Mrs. Ardery's mother.dren of all ages and for grown-ups Mrs. Bessie Finnell, in Georgetown,palinly printed on the bottle. Beware j Mr. and Mrs. George C. Thompof counterfeits sold here. To be sure son, who have teen bpending the winyou get the genuine, ask to see that ter in St Petersburg, Florida, will reit is made by "California Fig Syrup turn to-morrow to their home in thisCompany." Refuse any other kind ,oitywith contempt (adv) Mr. Hiram S. Redmon and family,who have been guests of Mr. and Mrsore shoulders, lame back,stiff neck, all pains and achesyield to Sloan's Liniment.Do not rub it Simply apply tothe sore spot, it quickly penetratesand relieves. Cleaner than mussyhis home near Hutchison, this county, plasters or ointments, it does notfrom Cincinnati, where he has been stain the skin.attending a veterinary college. j Keep a bottle handy for rheumatism,Mrs. Fay Ardery and children have sprains, bruises, toothache, neuralgia, gout,returned to their home in this city at- lumbagoand sore stiff muscles.At all druggists, 25c. 50c. and $1.00.COBB'S DESCRIPTION."A nice, large, juicy oyster withouta shell, just waiting for some onewith an oyster fork to come along."So does' Irvine Cobb, Kentucky-bornvoritt rover, accuraie ouserver anaA. B. Bryan, at North Middletownhave returned to their home in Frankfort Mr. Thos. Peters, of Illinois, is aguest of his brother, Mr. O. H. Peters,and his sister, Mrs. Bettie Stivers, inNorth Middletown. Mr. Peters is nowin his eighty-second year.word painter, describedStates. No more fittingcould be condensed into so few wordu.! Ready for the oyster fork is thiscountry to-day.Peppered with spices seasonedwith propaganda of pacifists, redolentwith the countless millions of goldvrung from the agony of the AlliesTHE SUNSET CLUB."Did you ever," asked Mrs. Rugg,'think what the tendency of progressi. tt-,'.. i r ,r T t. i Imeans to the old lady in your home?the United Mrs. M. C. Jones has returned to'x, . . . ... . ..Tx o t r ! v r svv w 4- r a r l- r mdescription her home near Paris from Hamilton, i w "JW"" U1 " .... ",Ohio, where she was called by the ill ,va'iJC10 uu "u " u uo mc aness of her mother, Mrs. Montague, !ly clothes are bought ready made, theFOR POLICE JUDGECliATJDE F. REDMON,J. W. BROWN,P. A. THOMPSON.HARRY Li. MITCHELL.ERNEST MARTINContentment is a good thing until itreaches the point where it sits in theehade and lets the weeds grow.If there be aught surpassing humandeed or word or thought it is a mother's love.Conservation ofEye SightIs the Practice ofOptometryBy intelligent methods of eyeexamination, for the purpose offumishiner the right kind ofGlasses when needed.We PracticeOptometry.Call or Phone Us.who is now very much improved.Miss Carolyn Rosebrry and MrCharlton Clay have returned fromSpring Station, in Woodford county,where they have been members of ahouse party being entertained by Mrwho are fighting the fight for free- Kenneth Alexander.doro, the United States is protected j Mrs. Ellen Knight, who has beenfrom the fork of Germany only by the ' visiting relatives in this county foractivities of the Allies.Should peace come without participation of the United States in the war, wasfurther than to wring from the need ofthe Allies the millions that have beenpaid for food and munitions of wawhat obligation would there be uponseveral weeks, has returned to herhome in Nicholosville. Mrs. Knightformerly Miss Ellen Sawver, ofnear North Middletown. She and herhusband have been living in Oregonfor several years, but returned toKentucky some time ago, locating atNicholasville.any nation in the world to array itself The home of M. and Mrs a Tm protection of the United btates ." stone on south Main street was theShould Germany, or Japan or any SCene or a happy gathering recently,other nation decide to use the fork, when a family reunion was held inand spare the oyster so as to satisfy ( honor of Mrs. Stone's fortieth birth-,-io;,TT. with tiio iiiimr mnrRP. this day anniversary. A dinner of sub-... .!,.. ..,! nit stantials was the chiefUilUl'Il UU piCBCUW, U0.C ..uu,u u,.-, MJ ,.,. oW .rn.iirl.lillrlronMIllC UIUIUICU tiJiu .v biuuui,.i.m.v..nation find friend?HOW'S THIS?event. Theand sixof Mr. and Mrs. Stone, were presentas follows: Mrs. Riley Sorrel, ofOwing8ville; Mr. Ernest Stone, o?Carlisle; Mrs. Pearl Campbell, ofIndianapolis, Ind.; Mrs. Harry Bowman, of Inidanapolis, Ind.; MIsse3We offer One Hundred Dollars RenroW? frtf onv Men nf P.atnrrli that, cannot be cured by Hall's Catarrh Medt.jJ Stone .Stella Stone, Mary Stonecine IHall's Catarrah Medicine has been . -The Jackson Times has the followxittno vi jn& relating to a very attractive youngtaken "by catarrh sufferers for the past wJman whQ frequently vIsits ParIstnrity-nve years, ana ims uutumejoy of creation is denied her, and asno 'scraps' come with ready-made garments, the task of patching is abolished!. If there is a baby, there is alsoa modern mother who stands betweenit and its grandmother's arms with thetheory that it is not good for childrento be much petted or rocked to sleep."In brief, there is nothing for herto do all day but read and mark time.These women must find opportunitiesfor utilizing their knowledge and experience, and the object of the SunsetClub is to give it to them. A woman'sexchange could be opened, where oldladies could make something to sell, ofwhich the younger aeneration hasn'tthe secret; or books and magazinesmay be collected and passed from onewhite-haired sister to another; or onemight open an intelligence office,where the busy mother may secure theservices of an experienced old ladyfor an occasional afternoon or eveningwhen she wishes to go out and mustprovide some one to stay with thechildren; or if these old ladies couldbe induced to tell their experiences,each in her own homely fashion, toyoung brides and beginners in housework, what tears and scohched fingerscouldibe spared." Frances L. Garsidein April Southern Woman's Magazine.mi mi m n m n 1 1 im i nimm i mmWolf, Wile & Co.Lexington, KentuckySmart CurtainsFor Limited Incomes.In your search for novel and decorative effects? for Door and Window Curtains, Overhangings. andi Furniture Coverings, do riot overlook our large arid ?t attractive display in our Drapery Department.CretonnesContinued for one weekspecially priced Cretonnesat19c 29c and 39c a Yard.New designs and splendidvalues. Take a look atthese and convince yourselfhow economically you canadd to the decoration ofyour home.MarquisettesThisinchsoftweek's special 40Marquisettes, sheer,finish and durablequahty, splendidly mercerized,- colors white, creamand brown.Special Price21c a YardRIBBON EDGED SCRIM36 Inches, White ancl Cream, at13 l-2c a YardSilks For Lamp Shadesand CurtainsOne of the most attractivesilks shown to-day is Amazon in reproduction of Indian hand block painting.Colors are unusually richand lend themselves toLiving, Dining and Drawing Rooms.Let Us Give You an Estimate on Your Furniture Covering.Slip covers protect the furniture from the glare anddust of Spiing and Summer.A comprehensive and suitable line of art and plainticking, linens and cretonnes always in stock touse for furniture covers.."Miss Winifred Brophy, 'President' ofthe First National Bank of Jackson,has returned from a visit to friendsand relatives at Paris, Ky., and if shebrought to her friends the same charming manner and pleasant smiles andI words with which she greets herfriends and patrons of the bank, thenknown as the most reliable remedyfor Catarrh. Hall's Catarrh Medicineacts through the Blood and Mucoussurfaces, expelling the Poison fromthe Blood and healing the diseasedportions.After you have taken Hall's Catarrh ;.n(leed mus they enjoye'd herMedicine for a short time you will see- nmln n(1 rprPttp hpr dnnarturea great improvement in your general , t-or home, where she arrived Tuesdayhealth. Start taking Hall's Catarrh j night, and is now fotnd in her acousMedicine at once and get rid of ca-itomed place in the bank."tarrh. Send for testimonials, free. j ,f. .- ,. nn j,atrt r.,, t nTTnxrnv o. nr m.,1 r JAJ.i iciouunw wij. x ifc,v,J?-. J. KjinHil-ilZH. . jJ.t J.vv.v.w, v.(april-adv)FRYE & FRANKLINDoctors of OptometryDwBId.. opp. Windsor HotelHemstitching!We are now prepared to dothe finest kind ofHemstitching and PicotEdge Workon all kinds of material, f Specialattention given to mail orders.Special Demonstrator FromCincinnati, Ohio.All work and prices guaranteedsatisfactory.A large drop of milk will adhere toa needle dipped into It and withdrawnif pure, but if adulterated it will formseveral drops, which leave the metalquickly.INSOMNIA.SCORES EFFORT TOPROHIBIT USE OF TOBACCOSenator James is leading the fight inthe Senate to have the amendment tothe Chamberlain Military TrainingBill prohibiting the use of tobacco inarmy training camps eliminated fromthe pending war legislation. He madeit clear that the service would sufferseverelv if the legislation should beHis position is that the Fed-Indigedtion nearly always disturbso cionn mnrfi nr less, and is often thecause of insomnia. Eat a light supper adoptedwith little if any meat, and no milk; eral Government has no right to denyalso take one of Chamberlain's Tablets 'any of its citizens the freedom to contmmpdiatelv after supper, and see if tinue the use of tobacco from whichThe lightest of labors are a burdentr those who have no motive for performing them.Men often preach from the housetops while the devil is crawling intothe basement window.Orinoka Guaranteed Sun fast Draperies andUpholsteries. Let Us Show Them to You.Wolf, Wile . Co.Lexington, KentuckyiH' n '" '' H IHI1I1II1Automobile Hearse or Ambulance!I desire to announce to our friends that I tan, wheredesired, furnish an automobile hearse or ambulance. Thismethod of transpertation is especially desired on long trips,the same being made in better time, and at no advance incost over the horse-drawn conveyance.GEO. W. DAVIS, Funeral Director.,you do not rest much better. Obtainable everywhere.(april-adv)An Ohio man fell dead while cleaning off his walk. Many property owners will accept this as an additionalexcuse.TheSINGER SEWINGMACHINE STOREE. Tenn. Phone 931 Home Phone 418627 MAIN ST., PARIS, KY.Mrs. Blanche VimontHEMSTITCHINGAND PICOT508 Mail Street.(Next ! Mr. Mamie Parker.'t)WflRGOLEN'SSPECIALS THIS WEEKHome-KilledMeatsBeef, Pork, Veal, Lamb.Fruits and Vegetablesthey derive solace and comfort. Hepointed out to members of the Military Affairs Committee, of which Senator Beckham is a member, in advanceof a formal hearing, that the Allieslong since recognized the need of supplying their troops with tobacco, acommodity .purchased for the mostpart in Kentucky and elsewhere in thiscountry.DOING THEIR DUTY.Scores of Paris Readers Are Learningthe Duty of the Kidneys.Fish Dressed to OrderMnRGOLEN'STo filter the blood is the kidneys'duty.When they fail to do this the kidiffeys are weak.Backache' and other kidney ills mavfollow.Help the kidneys do their work .Use Doan's Kidney Pills the tested kidney remedy., Paris people endorse their worth.Mrs. John Mastin, 1439 High street,Paris, says: "I have used Doan's Kilney Pills with very goodi results and Ican tell from the help they were tome that they would be beneficial inother cases of kidney trouble. I had adead, dull ache across the small of mvJ back and my kidneys were irregularin action. Doan's Kidney Pills rid meof these complaints and I have faithenough in them so that if I shouldneed a kidney remedy, I would certainly take Doan's."Price 50 cents at all dealers. Don'tsimply ask for a kidney remedy get(Doan's Kidney Pills the same thatMrs. Mastin had. Foster-Milburn Co.,Props., Buffalo, N. Y. (adv)1 ."See OurJExhihiiofSIMMONSBaby's crib is very importantsA crib must be very sturdy, so thatbaby cannot shake it loose and" fall out. It must be very comfortable, so that baby may sleep quietly.The finish must be smooth and lasting, so that it will not chip offThat is the kind of cribs we haveselected by our experts from the famousSimmons line.What is true of our cribs is also trueof our entire stock.Every piece of furniture in this storefor bed room, dining room, front robinor kitchen is carefully chosen to Wjust right for its purpose and AeJTJricerare just right, too.If you want a single chair orifecdiorany other piece, no matter how small,we offer our services in helping to pickout something that will fit in with whatyou already, have in the roonuOften wc can show you ways' 6)?ayemoney on these details as well as on 'thefurniture itself.A. F. WHEELER & CO.Main St., opp. Court HoustCHAS. GREEN, Mamf:$,r-'THE BOURDON NEWS, PARIS, KY.rJbGBFOURTUESDAY, APRIL 17,-ltnrs-The Bourbon NewsWished 188136 Yearstlnions Publication.of ConMR. KISER RESIGNS.BttMished Every Tuesday and Friday.IJir Tear. . .$2.00 Six -Months. . .$1.00Payable in Advance.The Winchester Sun has the following regarding a former Paris boy, whowas for many years connected withTHE BOURBON NEWS in the mechanical and editorial departments:"Mr. George M. Kiser, who for thepast four years lias been in the em"MATRIMONIAL.MANSFIELD LYTLE.A wedding, which while not en-RELIGIOUS.'- ;The fine weather brought out anunusually large attendance at theParis churches Sundajr. Rev. J. Greyg.frM'f'M"l"I"f'f M'l 1'MH Mil H 1 1 HI HtH lit III 111111111'I The Northwestern Mutualploy of the Winchester Sun tendered , y UI"tv;ieu W1" "T? lxl Llie McAllister, of Louisville, preached touirr r.MAMp PHifon ,nM rwn.n his resignation the first of the month "?Urf a ?r!8.e,r!0.,!IL ?. two large audiences, comprising the-... . w.. ...... , -..w. .. v....w.. - w --- - - -- menas, was inat ol lur. umueit uyticHAS ANNOUNCEDT'-Batered atroetomce asSecond Class.)to become effecive to-night. Mr. Kiser and Misg MaMfleid, both ofhas beoi a faithful employe and haa tMa Mfv whn .. lltlnPfi in mvr.thxi na?r8'ff KenfUCS; fUlfillGd aH the dUtieS that haVG been age at three o'clock yesterday after; Mail Matter of the entrusted to him in a most efficient !- " Jl... , ,! m:IStf SfeSSvnnnn a.t f hp rPRinenP.e Ol tne Ollici-manner and has made many friends atI minister Rev. j. T. sharrard. onamong ine patrons of the Sun by his South Main street The attendantspitaau:, umuuer 01 let'-uiviug uie newa . ,T 1?ocfot. T.vtlo in nnolA of tho " " . "' " " " "items that have been entrusted to ,' m!""! ",, Air' Tbomnq tcw tuat no wlU P' tllG calL Kev- Krhis care and .transacting business fl"TrT' n t R' .Maum to. the '.nubile A? oc4 "- " - - - negation ot the Baptist church atthe Presbyterian congregation at thecourt house. At the morning servicethe congregation unanimously extendeda call to- Rev. H. C. Rice, of Nicholasville. Rev. Rice is one of the leadingyoung ministers of that denominationin the State, and it is earnestly hopedwith the generalyet Mr. Kiser has not definitely tGn(jancemaue up ins mmo. just wnat ousmessof the immediate family were in atboth services; regular Sunday serviceswere held at the Methodist, Christian,I XTr. T.wHfl 1c n cnn nf ATr. nnrl TTrci . . . . ...he will encase in and has not decided' , , r. Episcopal and catholic cnurciies, wnue, . ", ... . ,, 'Ulnar ix. ijyue, oi r-aria, uuu jiu& ueeiifully whether he will give up the news- lripilHflftll xvHh thft business interestsj paper work, although he has many of the ci(.y for a number of years Heaa.LLt;rm oaeis iroiu umerent sec-1tions. j"Mr. Kiser's successor has not yetthe Christian Science Society had wellattended meetings at their place ofworship.been fully decided upor. but until his Iu buBiness coimection with thesesuccessor is appointea me regular sun firm8 he madp a large cirle of friends.was with the firm of Baldwin Bros, forseveral years, and later with Mr. Lo;ARRESTED ON Agan wowaru, in ine grocery uusuiess. CHARGE OF FORGERYforce will have charge of his daily duties.""OUR BOYS" WERE THERE!In his notes of the opening game atCincinnati between the Reds and theSt Louis team, Jack Ryder, the En-fulrer's sporting editor, had the fol-kwlng in Thursday's paper:"A large delegation of Red rootersfrom Paris, Ky., was ou hand, headedTOBACCO COTTONAll grades, at Harry Simon's(2mar-tf)Chraged with having forged thewho esteem him highly for his cour- uame 0f ir. jonn G. Rednion, of thistesy and integrity of character. His county, to several checks, Maggie Wilbride, Svho is a daughter of Mr. and sonf a negro woman, who had beenMrs. W. P. Mansfield, of Danville,, in tne employ of the Redmon family asuas also associated with the Howard a domestic, was arrested and lodged ingrocery when her future husband tne paris jail, Friday morning, tofirst came there and the acquaintance aWait trial.developed into love, their marriage . is charged that the Wilson woman,yesterday being the culmination of a AVhiIe in the employ of Mr. Redmon,.WINCHESTER TO HAVE Iromance so auspiciously begun. The who iives on the Jackstown pike, forg-iANOTHER DAILY PAPER 'bride is a young woman of many e(j his name to cehcks aggregatinggraces of character, and has a large more than $100, which she had cashedthat they will permit policy holders toserve in any military or naval capacity, provided the policy is issued"before you enlist.Do not wait until it is too late. Write,phone or call at my office for an appointment. R. F. CLENDENINAssociate General Agent The Northwestern MutualLife Insurance CompanyCumb. Phone 37; Home 72. Residence, Cumb! 353201 FIRST NATIONAL BANK BUILDING AI"l-I"M"l"M"l"l"ll"I"I"I"I"I"M"I"I"I"I"l"H"I"I"I"'I"l"l"H"I"H"l' I 1 1 1 1 M i I-1 tin tne sameway were brought to the bank, but th3 ,suspicions of the officials had beenWiniVlOotor ia tn. tart. n nan iloil-f t.nl rf fftnic Af Wisll VlPr Illl tVlA . 1. Ttnlnr. nnnnn.' Dnnlr P. TmintYitr Ty XKT O TTocn r i .v .woi-v. o .v id.T a. wen uany nuiviic ui xntiiuo "" . . -- m, lhu ircupica UGyuaiL JJUUH CO axusb1fftithfi'i h f osJ' iUU& rrZ PPer, according to an announcement bappiness that can come in the mar- company.w "" Vl" "- "w which appeared Saturuay afternoon in ried state. She has until recently other checks signed in therr rlr AUKa' a UI "- an extra edition of the Winchester been with the C. P. Cook Grocery CoZ8 ,? .a i0?1 .breery ad re Democrat The new paper will be where she was highly esteemed.cmncu w jruib later in ine evening. called the Daily Democrat, and its first After the ceremony Mr. and Mrs. aroused, and the matter was reportedTom Russell headed a big delegation issue is to be published Monday, April I.y tie left on the 3:20 Louisville Sr o the police. The woman's arrest fol-of rooters from Maysviile, and other 23. In a lengthy introductory an- Nashville train for Cincinnati, where lowed.Kentucky cities, were also represented nouncement the Democrat pledges its they remain a few days. On their re-1 Her husband was arrested at the jin the big throng." support to all that is best for Winches- turn they will go to light housekeep- same time, and both now occupy cells Ijomeixxiy remarked that Henry San- ter, Clark county, the State and the ine in the old Bourbon College build-1 in the Paris jail. It is not thought. Iten had very important businessCincinnati, Wednesday, too!in nation. O. B. Nelson is the editor andproprietor of the new paper.I ming. THE NEWS extends heartiest that the man is guilty of any conneccongratulations and hest wishes to tion with the forgery, but it wasthis worthy and deserving young thought best to hold him for furthercouple for a long and happy wedded .developments.life.INEWUnited States GovernmentLoanWe take pleasure in placing our facilities at thedisposal of the Public for the purpose of receivingsubscriptions to this issue, whenever and inwhatever form anthorized by the Government,without profit or commission of any kind whatsoever.BankMANN JAMES.A marriage license was issued Fri-LAMBS BRING GOOD PRICES.Bourbon - Agricultural& Trust Co.One of the largest lamb deals made! this, season fcas closed last week byday by County Clerk Pearce Paton to tl fi f Kerngt cavwood & Patter-Mr. Julian James and Miss Lola Mann. on of Bourbon county, when they purjboth of this city. Miss Mann is thcjchased 1,300 head of spring lambs atdaughter of Mr. G. M. Mann, of tho-eleven and twelve cents.L. & N., and Mr. James is a son ofI Mrs. Mollie James, and a nephew ofMrs. Corne Watson Baird and MrHarry O. James, of Paris. He is inthe employ of the Louisville & Nashville railroad in a clerical capacity.The deal was made with a numberof Clark county farmers for delivery inJune, July and August.ANNUAL INGATHERING.NCREPOPvT OP THE CONDITION REPORT OF THE CONDITION OFOF THEFARMERS&TRADERSBANKf Doing business at the town of Paris,county of Bourbon, State of Ken-jtacky at the close of business on 10th !, day of April, 1917:Bourbon - AgriculturalBank & Trust Go.,J Doing business at the town of Paris,Uounty of Bourbon, State of Kentucky, at the close of business on 10thday of ApriJ, 1917.B-4 FIRE.Insure withW.O.HINTON &SON,AgtsBLOWING OF WHISTLESCAUSES FIRIALARM.The Annual Ingathering of Home'Missions will be held at the Baptist; church in this city at 2:30 o'clock this(Tuesday) afternoon. An interestingj program will be rendered to be followed by a social hour. Everybody invited.RESOURCES "Loans and Discounts $173,582.99Overdrafts secured andunsecured 953.61Stocks, Bonds and otherSecurities 00Due from Banks 37,124.35Cash on hand 11,560.64Checks and other cashItems 147.0SFurniture and Fixtures 2,400.00Other Real Estate noneExpense Account 1,541.49?227,310.16RESOURCES:Loans and discounts $ 848,981.01Overdrafts, secured and unsecured (J, 443.42Stocks, bonds and other securities .00Due from Banks 185,650.70Cash on hand 17,510'76Checks and other cash items 4,469.96Banking house, furnitureand fixtures 15,500.00Other real estate .00Other assets not includedunder any of .above headsBuilding account G.494.17LIABILITIESCapital Stock paid in, incash ? 60,000.00Surplus Fund 2,500.00Undivided Profits 4,929.12Deposits subject to check. .$135,824.56Demand Cer- 'tificates ofliteposit 21,757.68Time Deposits 00 157,582.24;Due Banks and Trust'Coapanies 2,298.80-.o -$227,310.16SI, 085, 050. 02LIABILITIES:Capital stock paid in, incash S 200.000.00J Surplus Fund 125,000 00Undivided profits, less ex-penses and taxes paid 30,751.43Deposits subject to check.$687, 118.31Demand Certificates ot deposit .00Time deposits- 30.283.22Certified checks .00Cashier'schecks outstandingDue Banks and Trust CompaniesNotes and bills rediscounted Unpaid dividends. .Reserve for taxesBilla payable "Other liabilities not inclucKed under any of above;heads. ;;: Estate of. Kentucky, :vCounty of Bourbon Set. vWs, Frank P. Kiser and W. W.Mitchell, President and Cashier oftie above named Bank, do solemnlyswesx that the above statement Is true-to the best of our knowledge and be""He.''FRANK P. KISER, President,W. W. MITCHELL, Cashier.Smbscribed and sworn to before methis 13th day of April, 1917.: C. K. THOMAS,y' Notary Public.-4 s "My Commission expires January 18.-Correct Attest:J. D. McCLINTOCK,SAM HOUSTON,. ' S. L. WEATHERS,Ij . ,.. ' Directort.V.00..7L7.401.537,952 95.00.003,944.11.00. ..00There waf- great jollifying in theSouth Paris yards of the Louisville ScNashville, -Saturday afternoon whenthe round-iiouse boys raised their bigflag. The whistles on all the enginesand the b;g siren on the machineshops shrieked forth thor salute asthe colors went up. And PatrolmanGeorge Jud, away off in the distancethought the din meant a fire, and turned in an clarm from Box 31. Thedepartment responded, but found noneed for their service.AETNAAutomobile InsuranceCompanyFire, Theft, Collision,Liability and Property Damage.HIGHGRADEHOUSE 85IGN PAINTINGInterior DecoratingHard Wood FinishingWALLPAPERPAINTS WINDOW GLASSEAGLE and DUTCH BOY WHITE LEADSHERWIN-WILLIAMS MIXED PAINTSBERRY BROTHERS and PRATT & LAMBERTCELEBRATED VARNISHES"The Best," Our MottoC. A. DaughertyParis, KentuckyFifth and Main Streets:: mi o i m "best m n-nro- 1 1VULLAll chilled- rLUWd !Made by The YulCafl P!0Y C0.3 lmnttln. '5 JFire, wind and lightninginsurance.Thomas, Woodford & BryanRECOVERS STOLEN AUTO.In Lexington, Sunday night, an unknown man jumped in Mrs. LaviniiCunningham auto, which she .hadleft standing at the parking place nearthe Phoenix Hotel, and drove awayit. The machine was afterward founddeserted on the road near "Lexingtonby policemen who had been notified.Mrs. Cunningham went to Lexingtonwith her sister in the machine, and Itwas while they were at lunch in thePhoenix that the machine was stolen.Ihe loss us reported to the police,and a notification to look out for itwas sent out to all the force. About31:30 o'clock Sunday night PatrolmanCharles Hemy sighted a machineanswering the description of the onestolen, and when its driver failed tostop, he secured a taxicab and started in pursuit When about oner'ile out on Ihe Versailles ipike the unknown occupant of the machineIrought it ic a sudden and full stopand deserted it, running across thefield. The irachine was brought backto Lexington and' Mrs. Cunninghamwas notified.REAL ESTATE. DEALS.ArtftTifioi "KX 1? TfAnriPv snlri VAsfpr-T6tal 1 "Sh08o.050.02 ? V. .nnrt- Iiaiico ilnnr U thlftm -- UU.V O.L, LUC VrfW U-I kJV uww "- ---'STATE OF KENTUCKY, )County of Bourbon. ( sctWe, J. T. Hinton and Buckner Woo.lford, Yice President and Cashier of theabove named Bank, do solemnly swearthat the above statement is true to thebest of our knowledge and belief.J. T. HINTON, Vice President.BUCKNER WOODFORD, .Cashier.Subscribed and sworn 'to -before methis 13th day of April, 1917.My Commission expires Jan. 25, 1920.THOS. W. ALLEN,Notary Public.Correct Attest:THOS. HENRY CLAY, JR.,N.KRIENEK;directors.city for W. H. Whitley and' D. D. Clin,agents for the Brackton heirs a houseand lot in Centerville, to Anna Johnson, colored, for $550. iMr. A. Stern has purchased of MissRebecca Dqehrer the brick cottage onHigh street now occupied by Mi, andMrs. Ed. I.urke, for $3,900 cash. Mr.and Mrs. Jurke will move to the A. J.Winters residence adjoining, whichthey recently purchased from Mrs.Winters.Mr. Thomas C. Johnson has purchased of Mr. John B. Mitchell the .property in North Middletown known asthe Malvina Moore home. Mr Mitchell contemplates moving to Paris to reside. Mr. -George Griffinthe home of Mr. Johnson.hasleasedVfETNA AUTO SERVICEPresenting an Aetna AutoIdentification Card to any agentof the Aetna in any part of thecountry places the agent's services at your disposal in theevent of your having an accident. The largest company in theUnited States writing auto insurance. A. J. FEE, Agent,Paris, K.,1 try the L&v jjr r?-;; vulcan mffDeliciousJuicy Meats!VEALPORKCHOPS. V'.; ih -; .' --STEAKS--The Best Roast Beefand Breakfast Bacon inthe World.WILMOTHGrocery Co.Phone 376FM.Well Finished, Strong Durable, Light Draft.Rib Strengthened Mold, Full Chilled Shinpiece, InterlockedPoint, Land and Standard. Point has Face Chill, Wide EdgeChill, Long Snoot -Chill, Patented Extension and is theSTRONGEST and MOST DURABLE Chilled Point made.Whra buyiaf Plow, cotmde Quality First, Price SecondFOPl SALC EYC. 2. Bail GarageCor. Fourth and Pleasant StAgents Buick AutomobilesGoodyear TiresOur Vulcanizing Departmentis equipped with steam vulcanizer and run by an expert.yyySteam Heated GarageOPEN DAY AND NIGHTviimiiimniuniiiiiiinuiiuiiirmTTTm-'Y,s-joT- -iTUESDAY, APRIL, 17, 1S17.THB BOURBON NEWS,PABIS, KY.PAfamiSOCIAL AND PERSONAL..NOELECTION. -1r'fvr -5 ..f FOR THE BESTFOR THE BESTTHE NEWS TO RECEIVE WARBULLETINS EVER DAYTHE NEWS has effected an arrange-ment with the Cincinnati office of theAmerican Pess Association wherebywe will receive condensed bulletins ofthe war situation every day betweentwo and three o'clock. These bulletinswill be the same that are furnished thedaily papers handled by the AmericanPress Association's service, and will btstrictly reliable .and "right off thestrlctly reliable .and "rightthe reel." The Government hases-tablished a sort of censorship oversome kinds nf news effecting the service, but THE NEWS will give allthere is to obtain. Wattch our windowfor these bulletins every afternoon.MEN WANTED!The army and navy both went men!Now here is a chance for you to shovwhat kind of stuff you are made of.Go and enlist, or never again croakabout your bravery. THE NEWSlias sent one renrdsenLitive and hastwo others who are "willing."GARDEN SEEDS.uaruen &eus ana aeea &weet r oia-toes, Strausberg and Bermudas. Theseseed will grow.(It)C. P. COOK & CO.AN APPRECIATION.t Misses Nancy D. McCartney andCol. C. M. Best, of the Millersburg Articia McCartney have returned fromMilitary Institute, desires to extend his flemingsburg, where they went to atthatnks through THE NEWS, as well tnd tlle funeral Z Mr- R' p- SmSleas tne caaets, to tne people oi Jaris,for their kind reception, at the big Louisville to to undergo a surgical opmass meeting Saturday, and to Mayor eration at Norton's Infirmary. Dr.John T, Hinton and others, who ten- Louis Frank will be the attending surdered the use of their machines for geon.bringing the cadets to Paris, and tak Mr. ond Mrs. Robert H. Winn, ofing them home. Col. Best has abun- " Sterling, who have been guests o!aTLi ,.,, r wu f m ,, Mrs. Winn's parenw, Mr. and Mrs.dant reason for afee lng of pride in Jegse TMnQynegir Paris nave returu.uu excenem suuwiug uie cuueu uiaueSaturday, and the people of Paris areof the same opinion.WE'D LIKE TO SEE YOUIn one of our Davis $20 suits thisspring. Reallythis price.remarkable values atJ. W. DAVIS & CO.SANITARY SURVEY TOBE STARTED HERE SOONIt is said that representatives of tneState Board of Health and from theUnited States Public Health Servicewill arrive in Paris some time thi3" week to begin the work of making r,. . .. .. . e xucomplete sanitary survey of Bourboncounty.The work will necessarily be slow,'but quite a force of people will bepmnlnvpd in the initial staee of the3,- . i twvwix um. Mft..wcan be accomplished during the pres-ent spnng and summer.The survey is to be made of the en-tire county, including Paris and all thetowns ftrtd villages in the outlayingdistrict, and a complete map of thesanitarv conditions everywhere willbe carefully drawn.PARIS BOY WINSPRIZE IN CONTEST.: ....The contest for the prizes offered by twQ pari8 favarites:, "Prof. Miko andthe Kentucky Equal Rights Association Misa Hallf iri charge of the music atto the school children of Kentucky for fbe xpera house, awakened much enthe best essay upon "Woman Suffrage thuslasm by playing patriotic airs.has just closed. Miss Lurena Hall, ofSanders, was the winner of the firstTxKn in eold- Miss Coringprize-150, wAinn GirdedNoseley, of Henderson was awardedtno Rennna Dnze oi e-o m kuiu, wi...Jennings Taylor, of Paris, received thelyior, oi irarw. ievcuthird prize of ?15 in gold, tne lourmprize, 10 in gold, was won by MissHettle M. Leatliers, of Lawrenceburg.The following received honorable men-tion- Miss Susan Bennett, Hender-son- Miss Margaret Noel, Winchester;Mr.'Richard H. Spencer, Winchester;Miss Corinne Schultz, Hartford; MisssMiss Edith Gillispie, Henderson, andMiss Anne Tate Harding, Henderson,SILK SHIRTS AT $4.00.Beautiful combinations of colors, and.. ! TV. .-.excellent ntting quinine.J. W. DAVIS & CO.'OFF TO THE WAR?"Edward Doty, Edward Fitzpatrick.W- O. Tennington and Ben Leach, ofParis, who recently passed a successful nroHminarv examination at Lex-intrtnn for admission to the U.S.Navy, ieft yesterday for Cincinnati.. -" where they will undergo a second ex-amination after which, If they passsuoceaBfully they will be sent to thenaval training statfoa at Norfolk, Va.C.R Taylor, of Paris, wasaccepteaat the C ncinnati stationand sent onto the Norfolk yards last week.Mr. Leacn returned, mt ,"b -ine failed to meet the requiremenU inthe physical examination, but not dueto any serious defects. The other boysleft Lexington at 8:00 o'clock last!, Avar thP C. &. O. for Norfolk, va.6w - .. nut.!These boys are snowing men i"'- increasuu luieicst ucni6 "'u"wotism by voluntarily leaving good posi- cd in" the work and welfare of thetioos to serve their country in the paris Chapter of the1' American PedcriKls, v-Lich now confronts it. There's cross Society, which was recently ora few nore left loaning around the ganized here. At the meeting- of thepool rooaiB, with no apparent means chapter, held Saturday afternoon,of support, vho. could make men of which was well attended, three classestkemselveg by enlisting in one or tlie m meet twice, a' week, and will reother branohM of tie service. This is ive instructions in their work from- ttmk hi tiiev are needed. They Drsf J. M. Williams, Chas. G.Daugli-r3&old or-huM,p -talking.- ...Comings and Goings of OurPeople Here, There andElsewhere.-Be2l7lT3'tRh-mV and Mrs 5os W DavffvTlMJ f voi SlcinUSunday.MrgjjW. J. Huffman, of Covingtonls isiung ner son, Mr. Clyde Huffman.on , gl1 streetMrs. John "Woodford is a miPf nfthe family of her father, Mr. John Van-iueier, near Danville. jMrs. Wallace Clark and little son 'left Sunday for a month's visit to hernouier, in Boston, Mass.Mr. Chas. R. Hill is in Cincinnatiwhere he will undergo medical trpatlment at the Dr. Schofield Hospital.Mrs. C. Offutt Boardman and children have returned to their home inChicago, after a visit to relatives inthis city.Miss Catherine Thompson, ofHamilton College, Lexington, was a recent guest of Mis3 Anna Eads Peed,in this city.Mrs. Wolford Ewalt and children,Of-n-A4u.&Wii, wriB guests mewere guests the nastwPPlr f TV1V ot, f o i T7,.,i.on Railroad street... -w. w . iiti una. oumuei niwaiL.Mr. Allen Smith, of Taylorsville,Ky., a former resident of Bourboncounty, is a guest of irlends at his oldhome in tne county.-irs. m. u. Browning, of Cleveland.Ohio, is a guest of Mr. and Mrs. JulianFrank, in the county, and Mr. and Mrs.B. A. Frank, in this citjr.Mrs. Jesse Turnev, Mrs. Clell Tur-neVf Mrs R H willllf of Mt sterlinand Mrs. Amos Turnev are snendineseveral days in Cincinnati.Misses Hadley and Cornelia Stom "have returned to their home in Ver-somes after a visit to Mrs. H. APower and Miss Marr Bashford.Mrs. Lee Price left vcstenlav fore Q ieir homeThose from Paris whoattendedthe dance given in Lexington by theTerpsichorean Club were Mr. EdwardWoods, Raymond Connell, Miss Margaret Schwartz and Miss CatherineWoods.Mr. and Mrs. Edgar Denton andlittle son, James Denton, of Owingsvllle, visited relatives in tills city Saturday. They were enroute to Cyntlnana, to visit Mrs. Denton's anut. Dr.Adaline Bell, a former resident ofParis.The annual dance j and jledge cere-monies of the "Mystic Thirteen" and"Keys" societies of the University ofKentucky was held at the PhoenixHotel in Lexington, Friday evening.Among the guests were Mr. Alvin SThompson and .Miss Mary KenneyWebbr? of ParigIn the absence of Rev. W. E.E1Us, who is conducting a revival arthe Christian ci1Urch in Williamsburg,.- isi. ma k.. o..,i,r i,..fl Puipu buW,u uB ou,r,Kev T j aeicner, pastor or tne vvn-liamsburg mrcht at both mornInBand evening services.Besides the immediate members oftbe famiiyf those from Paris who at-tended the funeral and burial of Mr.Louis Saloshin, at Cincinnati, Sunday,were: Mr. and Mrs. Harry Simon, Mr.anu Mrs. Louis woiisteui, .ur. auuMrs. Gus Margolen, Messrs. Hensn- tT..1li! -JT 1Margolen, Chas. S. Goldstein, F. P.Kiser, S. L. Weathers, Geo. K. Jones,Sam Houston and R. F. Clendenin.The Danville Messenger says ofAmerica, Star Spangled Banner andothers come in for a liberal applause,tut when they played Dixie, thecrowd almost shook the plasteringfjQm-The Chi Omega Fraternity of theTTni.vfif,v of Kentuckv. Hamilton CollegQ flnd Transylvania celebratedFoUnjjer's Tjay Saturday with a din-ing an(j SOcial session in the PhoenixHotel. Paris was represented byMisses Mary Fithian Hutchcraft, HelenHutchcraft, Carolyn Roseberry andMrs. Amos Turney, Jr.Mr H H Floydf manager of theparis office 0f tlie Cumberland Telej hone Co., was a guest of his brother.Mr. A. M. Floyd, in New Albany, Ind.,.Sunday. Mr. Floyd says the destruc-tion caused by the cyclone there sometime ago. is almost indescribable andthe orinted descriptions give really no..,,. ,in f ti, rifim and ?uf-,j,.Uua. .. w ; ,"tering caused. "Air. i ii. i?ioyu xuiM,written a graphic description or tnestorm which will be published in theSouthern Telephone News.Society .Deople of Paris have received) -the following post card announcement of an event that is alwayswell patronized from Paris:"Handy Dance, with Handy's BlueRlbboa orchestra,' direct from Bealestreet Memphis, Tenn., Seven Pieces,southern Society Favorites, PhoenixHotel, Lexington, Ky., Fridav Evening,April 20. 1917. Committee,. W. -P. Wal-ton, or., wu """'". , nuuu, x.uu. uu.0 - ---NIeht Only! inis is positively nauuyonly engagement in Lexington forseveral months.several mont(Other Personals on Pagej3.)THE RED CROSS SOCIETY.I v .T llw.rrt tn TintlirT motllfflefertyyana W. C; Ussery. . respectively.I No election of teachers was held &tthe last mating of the City Board ofEducation, and it was decided by "themembers that, unless an additional ap-nrnnnaHmi Jc mnln v j-v -t.. -.tthe'coiSt expenses Tfthe schoTsthe same have to b curtailed, anda reducti made in the number ofteachers employed. The matter willl)G submitted to the City Council atits next meeting. The election of Jteachers haa been accordingly posf-nnnori tw i-.Anirn'ANGLERS RESTLESS!Bad weather has delayed the farmWOrkf but this is a very 8ma11 matterwhen you consider the great trouble itis causing the fishermen. Too bad, 'tis jtrue, but 'tis true!ANNOUNCEMENT.FOR COUNTY JUDGE.We are authorized to announce C.A. McMILLAN as a candidate fornomination as f!nnnt.v Juries of noii:'-, b'uj. . u - rww" "uuujr, ouujeuL tu tilts wsuuu. uj.the Democratic party, at the State primary, August 4, 1917.LOSTPair ladies' brown high top laceboots, somewhere in Paris. Finder re-turn to NEWS office or undersignedand receive reward,J. B. CRAY,Millersburg, Ky.(lt)--'Tobacco Barn LumberFor Sale.8,000 second-hand sheathing; 25 to3o barn posts 8x8 inches, 20x40 feetin length. Phone 41.MILLER & LILLESTON,(17-lt)-pd) Paris, Ky.Seed Corn.Limited amount of Johnson Countywhite seed corn for sale.C. ALEXANDER.E. T. Phone 135.(17,3t)THE FAIRPrices Talk To-day !ninnpft nvpr a few of these items,then note Uie savingg at our specialsale forFriday and Saturday NextFor Fridays-Wall paper, beautifulpatterns at 3c a roll, all with ceilings and borders to match.For Saturday Onlywritine Paner-24 sheets of Paper. . - , -94 pnVeloDes to match, axa7bcVJliet Pa.for 25c; Enamelled Steel Dish Pans,io-quart size. 19c; Basting Spoons, allsizes, each 5c; Spring Flowers, onlytue prettiest and up-to-date styles forindies and misses hats, some with silkanu velvet effects, special to-day 10c;- .. V-..1 A P- . lllAa nne or itiDDons at ou ." "yard; heavy Hotel Tumblers, each 5c.THE FAIRKodaksVictrolasmBicyclesSPAULDINGATHLETICSUPPLIESDaughertyBros.Filth and Main Sts. Paris, KentuckyPRAINKc4.nnounce-. They Are Now Showing TheSeason's Best StylesSUITSDRESSESPictorial Review PatternsFRANK & COMPANYSPRING GOODSHave Been Arriving DailyLarge QuantitiesTHEJ.T.HINTOimiMOTOR HEARSE"EITMCRRMONE"& COMRAINYTHE RELIABLE STOREINCOATSSWEATERSNEWESTSilks, Dress Goods,Wash Goods of All KindsTrimmings To MatchALL ARE REASONABLY PRICEDWe Cordially Invite Your InspectionIN WALL RECORATIONSwe are showing the most beautiful patterns that it hasever been our privilege to show, and we are offering themat remarkably low prices. Especially is this true whenthe many advances in price are taken into consideration.OUR RUGSwould add much to the beauty of your home. You willfind our patterns and prices right in every respect andwe would be glad to have you investigate.Mahogany and Oak Dining SuitsIn William and Mary designs in mahogany and oak arebeing shown in profusion. Don't your home need one?LACE CURTAINSWe have just received many new patterns that we thinkwill please you very much. ;'MOTOR INVALID COACH36f .IWAISTSSKIRTS-iXftIttM .'In&-UNDERTAKING5- MiSIXTH AND MAIN STSi,.J:-iMv1I'lliiM11U1:1' i1' i-I ,yrfi.THE BOURBON NEWS, PARIS, KY., TUESDAY, APMIr 17, lir,Hemp Seed For Sale.God cultivated hemp seed for sale.61 or writeSTANHOPE WIEDEMANN,,(lt-tf) Route 8, Paris, Ky.Wanted.Callae hundred barrels of corn.I. D. THOMPSON,Cumb. Phone 628,(U-tf) Paris, Ky,For SaleChe set of dining room furniture, inflntrclass condition. Call HomePhone 96, Paris.LOSTA fireman's ax belonging to the ParisJire Department was lost from the firetruck on Tuesday night between theengine house and the Fair Grounds.Finder please return to the department UL.LMAN LANCASTER,(13-2t) Chief Fire DeptPATRIOTIC STATEMENTBY AN EX-GERMANEAT BIG MEALS! NOSOUR, ACID STOMACH,INDIGESTION OR GASIn these days of rumors, when al-"Pape's Diapepsin" is Quickest, Sur- most every German in America, andest Stomach Relief KnownTry It!.even in many instances naturalizedGermans are looked upon with moreor less just or unjust suspicion, as thecase may be, it is refreshing and consoling to read such sentiments as th?following, contributed to the Courier-ofFor Rent.Nice ground floor room in residenceon Pleasant street, near Tenth, convenient to Li. & N. station and postcffice. Only desirable roomer wantedGas, bath, etc. Call this office.Time it! Pape's Diapepsin willsweeten a sour, gassy or out-of-orderstomach within five minutes.or what you eat lies like a lump of i01" CoL W' R Stoecker,lead in your stomach, or if you have UUi"heartburn, that is usually a sign of "When Germans leave their nativeacidity of the stomach. land and S int the world to make aGet from your pharmacist a fiftv- new borne for themselves, they do notcent case of Pape's Diapepsin and tako look for another Germany, but seek aa dose just as soon as you can country where they may live withThere will be no sour risings, no greater freedom and comfort,belching of undigested food mixed with "When I was a young man of 18, iacid, no stomach gas or heartburn, full- found that I could not agree with theness or heavy feeling in the stomach, Kaiser and his military system. I benausea, debilitating headaches or dis- gan to look around for another counziness. This will all go, and, besides, try to live in and was attracted tothere will be no sour food left over America. I have not been disappointin the stomach to poison your breach ed With my choice. I have found whatwith nauseous odors. j desired and sought, freedom, and re-Pape's Diapepsin helps to neutralize iease from compulsory military serthe excessive acid in the stomacji viceI which is causing the food fermentation aiy experience will fit the case ofana preventing proper digestion. 99 per cent of the Germans in thiRelief In five minutes is waiting for country. We bade farewell to theyou at any drug store. home government because we coul.1These large fifty-cent cases contain llot sanction its practices, we left theenougli 'Tape's Diapepsin" to usually land of our birth to seek more favor.keep tlie entire family free tromstom- able vi conditions. We naturaliz-ach acidity and its symptoms of inch- ed as ciUzeng f the United states b;gestion, dyspepsia, sourness, gases 0aQ wa WOTO Wflll. ,10 wui., ,- viii f ciaqg i ti ncio ubiivi uiiubu iriLllneanourn ana iieauacnes, ior many ji i, , n,v,,,...,. , , conditions here than in Germany.Selected Nursery Stock.I am local representative of the National Nurseries of Rochester, N. Y.A fine assortment of flowering shrubs,It belongs in your home.(adv)PRESENT ARMS TO VALOR."Some may criticise their adoptedcountry and find fault with its institutions, but that does not intimate in theleast degree that we support the actsof our native land. We appreciate ourAstonishment will be the portion of nrJv,wft nf frppf1nni . t.hiq pm,ntrvthe average man when told that there We liaye made use Qf bufc R hagis living to-day a son of PresidentJames Monroe. Such is the fact, nevit has been with the sole intention ofcorrecting anuses, contributing ourertheless. He is Major James Edward m,te toward the perfection of this GovMonroe, a respected citizen of Richmond, Va.f who, on July 4 next, will beand general nursery stock to select 101 years of age. What is better yet,ernment 'of, for and by the people.'"Ninety-nine per cent, of the Germans who have become citizens of theteed.(10-tf)from. Now is the time to make your he is animated by the same high patri- United gtates are lmoes(. whKplpcfirm Rhnr.lr nnn nnpps miarnn. nt?cm liof mniln Tiie ifcfincnifclioM fo .......w.www wv-vw- -. ..VWH 0... uLioui Liiau iuuu Ai.13 -uit?i.u-iiAwvv& .. Mjw. ln- W. . . M ..l r nlli ulmijmuui Liiau niev uwc, 111 wai ua wenMiqq HIT ta MrPARTHY r" memorable among Presidents as iii peace, a debt of honor to tin?MISS JULIA MCCARTHY Unattended he sturdily marched into a nation that welcomed them witnrecruiting station and announced that open armSf offering them opportuni-his services were at the command of ties and privileges which their ownthe country. His inspiring action and did not afford However strongshould be rewarded with an honorary th ti of bloof, bufc -, nGr t ,norsesnoe pin, somewuere I commissi011 as General, and he should the German-born citizens of AmericaFinder will be rewarded by. narmmt tn ,pnf, thft virrfnia the .. . an b ens i fAraericaw ..vvv ww .. - . 0 wouia aream ol repuaiating tnat ueoitroops from the capital to the first ren- of nonor when the necessities of theirdezvous. All America .presents arms adopted jand can for payment.LOST.A silver horseshoe pin, "somewhere1 Paris.returning same to this office.(6-tf.For Rent.Nice cottage on Winchester street,Jat across L. & N. tradks. Conveniently located.FIRST NATIONAL BANK.(S-tf)For Rent.to Major James Edward Monroe, voiunteer from Virginia!COL.. W. F. STOCKER."STOP LEFT OVER COUGHS. jWONDERFUL STUFF!LIFT OUT YOUR CORNSDr. Bell's Pine-Tar-Honey will stop jthat hacking cough that lingers from Apply a Few Drops Then Lift Cornsor Callouses Off With Fingers.No Pain.Three nice rooms, withlights and gas. Call at115 DUNCAN AVENUE.(3-tf)FOR RENT.January. The soothing pine balsamloosons the phlegm, heals the irritatedmembrane, the glycerine relieves thei tender tissues. Don't neslect a linger-' No humbug! Any corn, whetherjing cough, it is dangerous. Dr. Bell's hard, soft or between the toes, willelectric .Pinc-Tar-Honev is antisentic and nleas- loosen right up and lift out, without aant to take, benefits young and old, particle of pain or soreness,get It at your druggist to-day. Formula This drug is called Freezone and is r:on the bottle. 25c. compound of ether discovered by a(april-adv) Cincinnati man.I Ask at any drug store for a smallA Syracuse, N. Y., man got ten ""-" netsAuue, wmui win uust uuiyears for stealing a ham, which shows a trine, but is sullicient to rid one 3Three unfurnished rooms at No. 733another result of the high cost of 11 v- feet of every corn callous.Hot and cold water fag. Put a few drops directely upon anyWalker avenue.and otherPhone 339.conveniences.Call Home(jan30-tf)Notice To the Public!SPRING.I will pay this season the nighestf rices that have ever been known inParis for horse hides, beef hides,keep pelts and furs.I will also pay the highest marketXice for Rags and Paper. I will senafter it any place in the city. Callly Cumberland phone 374. Office onS(gnth Street(20-oct-lyr) MAX MUNICH.Let Me Do TheHousecleaning !With the aid of the Simplex VacuumCleaner, spring house cleaning is apleasure rather than a drudge. Iclean Rugs, Druggets, etc, at 50 centstip; Carpets, Mattresses, Couches, etc.,satisfactorily done. Phone me at ParisRealty Oo., Cumb. Phone. 433.(13-4t) GENTRY.FOR SALE!Grocery Fixtures, Etc.I am closing out my grocery stock'fast, and desire to sell the followingaxtmres, etc, at once. Bring the cashasd get these standard articles at abargain:1 Floor Case;1 Toledo Scoop Scale;2 Counter Show Cases; ,1 National Cash Register;1 Cellar Oil Tank;1. Dayton Meat Cutter;' 1 Fairbanks Floor Scales, 600 pound3apbi6y.1 Display Bin;1 Oyster Display Case;2 Leer System Registers;1 Counter;1 Chewing Gum Caser1 Paper Cutter, 24 and 15 inches,conbimation;Lot of Candy Dishes;2 Molasses Pumps.All the above may be sen at myWM. SAUER.j tender, aching corn of callous. Instantly the soreness disappears andshortly the corn or callous will losenSpring is looked upon by many as and n be lifted off witu ie fingers.tne most aengnuui season oi uie year, rpfe drug preezoiie doesn't eat outbut this cannot De said or tne rneu- the corns or callouses, but shivelsmatic The cold and damp weather tliem without even irritating the sur-brings on rheumatic pains which ars rounding skin.anything but pleasant. Tney can oe just think! No pain at all ; no sore-relieved, however, by applying Cham- ness or smarting when applying it orberlain's Liniment. Obtainable every- afterwards. If your druggist don'twhere.(april-adv)have Freezone have him order it foryou. (adv)Correct EnglishHOW TO USE IT.A MONTHLY MAGAZINE,Josephine Turck Baker, Editor.WHY CONSTIPATION INJURESThe bowels are the natural sewerage system of the body. When thovbecome obstructed by aonstipation apart of the poisonous matter whichthey should carry off is absorbed intothe system, making you feel dull andstupid, and interfering with the diFor Progressive Men and Women, gestion and assimilation of food. This25?Xrtas S$JE rf"?11 ZylTy Cham-Doctors, Lawyers, Stenographers, and Priam's Tablets. Obtainable every.Ior all who wish to Speak and Write whereCorrect English Special FeatureMonth; Your Every-Day Vocabulary;How to Enlarge it Sample Copy 10c. EASTER SUNDAY WAS(april-adv)Subscription Price ?2 a Year.EVANSTON, ILLINOIS.'MOST DISAGREEABLE"13-tf)Mr.Farmer-rThis is the time of "yearto give stock a tonic. Isell the bestSalvetStock and PoultryTonic.W. C. D0DS0NEaster of 1917 will perhaps go onrecord as one of the most disagreeableEaster Sunday's in several years.varied assortment of weather was handed to the public by the weather man,ond as a result Easter wearing apparel,which represented several weeks ofpreparation in contemplation of theevent was crowded entirely off the calendar. The day began cold and dreary andtoward noon a slight rain set in whichtoward evening changed to snow whichat times gave the appearance of a blizzard. There were few spring bonnets inevidence, although a few ventured outin defiance of the elements to celebratethe o.ccasion with the display of millinery, only to have them dampened bythe deluge of rain and snow.MORGAN RAIDERTELLS A STORYGapf. Lucas, Frankfort, FeelsAs Fit As In Old Days.MORGAN'S 'OLD HORSE THIEF'Morgan's raideis, loved and lionored by every man in the South andfeared throughout the North in Dedays of '61, are still remembered bytheir daring raids into the very heartof the North.These men, olten riding day andnight for veeks at a time, sparingnothing to aid the cause of Dixie,earned for themselves the famous"N. J ,' v X jcg5SF-CAPT. MASON B. LUCAS.name of "Morgan's Raiders." Theygave the flower of their youth andstrength to the cause dear to theSouth, and Those of them that are leftare still remembered and loved in theSouth ind honored in the North.Captain Lucas Popular.Among these is Captain Mason BLucas, who is known throughoutFranklin county as "Uncle Mace.". Heis now finishing his second term asCounty Jailer, and there is no morewidely known or popular citizen inall Frankfort or Franklin county.During the war he was Morgan'sright-hand man, and his friends loveto call him "Morgan's Old HorseThief," as he was always given command of foraging parties when theyhad got past the Union lines and werein Northern territory."Undo Mare" is now 73 years oldand not long ago he felt that he wasgetting into the class of old men. Buthe feels fine again now and says hebelieves he can straddle his horsefrom the ground and make as hard aride as he could in the days of '61.In telling the story of how he gotback his health he said:"Some time ago my stomach wentback on me, and I felt heavy and loggyafter eating. I got so I couldn't sleepwell at night, and began to get a littlenervous. My appetite wasn't what itused to be either. I didn't seem toever get hungry. I got worried anddecided to try Tanlac.Sleeps Like a Baby."Well, sir, after taking two bottlesof Tanlac my appetite is splendid. 1sleep like a baby, and feel strongerthan I have for years."Tanlac has done me so much goodthat I felt like I wanted to help someone else, and so I bought a bottle ofTanlac for an old war comrade ofmine. Tanlac helped me and I amglad to tell others about it"It is upon the recommendation ofsuch persons that Tanlac is becomingso universally popular.aThere'sNothingLike it 4orResults'lam glad youare using the LongDistance Bell Telephone in your business. There's nothing like it for saving time and traveling e"penses. It is the source of direct profit andsatisfying results."Very often I talk to salesmen and tocustomers on important matters. That'sone advantage of the Bell Telephone. Youcan sit in your office and bring the world toyou."Thanks for the order. By using theLong Distance Telephone you enable us tosave twenty-four hours on the shipment.Yes, it certainly is wonderful."Every Bell Telephone is a Long Distance StationCUMBERLAND TELEPHONEAND TELEGRAPH COMPANY(Incorporated)BOX 122, FRANKFORT, KY.2225 LIBBBBV HH KrLlBSKl BBkfBBBBf BH QBbCbVJI bIbBBbVlIYoung Man, Don'tScatter Your Dollars!YOUTH IS PEODIGAL. Frequently the young: man DOESJPrKNOW THE VALUE OF A DOLLAB. IYOUTH IS NOT EVEBLASTHTG. The big men of the conntiy laidthe foundation for their success by opening a bank account when theyj-were younsr.8If You Hope to Amount tc Anything Don'tDelay Starting a Bank Account. mStart It Today.Farmers' & Traders' BankTanlac, the master medicine andreconstructive tonic, is sold exclusively in PABIS by Varden & Son. JOther exclusive agents in nearbytowns are as follows: lHUTCHISON, Snell & Wood; MIL- cLERSBURG, W. G. Wadell; ELIZALBETH, Oscar Smith; CARLISLE ITrueman & Son; GEORGETOW. ., C. JH. Arnold; WINCHESTER; Duty Drug JCompany; AUSTERLITZ, B. S. Parrish. (adv.)r. P. KISER, PresidentWM. GRIMES. Bookkeepr.Sixth and Main Streets Paris, KyJNO. J. M.CLINTOCK, CashierIt is understood that the Russianarmy is sadly hampered by every soldier carrying two prisoners on hisback.Civin Bros. Department StoreSeventh and main St$. Parts KentuckyCLEAR YOUR SKIN IN SPRING.BAD COUGH? FEVERISH? GRIPPY?Spring house cleaning 'means cleaning inside and out. Dull pimply skinis an aftermath of winter Inactivity.Flush your intestines with a mildlaxative and clean out the accumulated waste, easy to take, they do notgripe. Dr. King's New Life Pills willclear your conplexion and brightenyour eye. Try. Dr. Jung's wew IjIicPills to-night and throw off the sluggish winter shell. At druggists, 25o.(april-adv)Tobacco CottonAN INTROSPECTION.It is indeed .pleasing to believe thatYou need Dr. King's New Discovery no matter how bitter the war may be-to stop that cold, the soothing balsam J come between Germany and the Unitedingredients heal the irritated mem-'states, those citizens of German birthbranes, soothe the sore throat, the an-who are now residents of Paris aretiseptic qualities kill the germ and men-of- enough sense to know thatyour cold) is , quickly relieved. Dr. friendships formed nere win not 03All Grades at LowestPrices.I Twin Bros. Dept Store jderstand that such men. -as constitutePILES! PILES! PILES!King's New Discovery has for 4)8 years broken because of the trouble between the German-born citizenship of thisbeen the standard remedy for coughs the two countries. It is of course, per- city are -menoi worui ana miegru, . WILLIAMS0 INDIAN FILE OMTMENTu. j ai -i i -o. i, x i e , ,v !,. . mnnv of -whom have been, residents of . " --auu uuiua in. ujuubuuus ui uumtJH. uet recuy natural iur uuy uan. w iwc "o wo ear Site TtfciA om.i-iii- i j j i ,l - X . . .., t-i n in i uji AmaWta fn fMrtv wra nr mnrp. and t. T. i?2? ' ""1W "r. A1?".a ooitie uj-uay uuu nave it nanay in coumry ana wane anyour medicine chest for coughs, colds,croup, grippe and all bronchial affec- thattions. At your druggist, 50c.. i (april-adv)i country, and while all will have their America for thirty years or more, and lJNwSuHrTwnSSilt, individual opinions, it iijwfe to say, that they wcxill dtfbemtdy by, word ;g iMrtM&t&t. .- that'tiiere will riot T)e the slightest or deed, yiolaU th confidence reposed For r Hm IfeM tut.t ,'....- -. .. u i ji tn tliam 1 Vl1r frtfmfl Ifl Tint in hf IIMIIlUkiM 4A -XT7. . A. .'trouble here, and the old friendships in them by their friends is not to be, WlJJAJIIffcCt-Prtfcctovwill remain true. One can readily un- thought of. J OBERDORFER, Th CDmfflsf.is7OTSDA.Y, APRIL, 17, 1917,THE BOURBON NEWS, PARIS, K.AGlSBVSrirAMERICA CAN NAME flatly in advance in a way that jnisntTERMS AT CLOSE OF WAR be misunderstood b the Allies.It has been stated that the UnitedDispatches on the coming of the States Vill not enter into an allianceFrench and British commissions to in the old world sense of the term, butdiscuss the conduct of the war only will commit itself to unlimited partimention the possibility that General cipation in the war until the aimsJoffre may accompany former Pre- which President Wilson announced areinier Viviani, of France, but do not achieved.jive any definite announcement. An impression has been created thatWhile it is possible that joint ses- the United States will feel itself freeslons will be held, arrangements have to judge when that moment has arnot passed the preliminary stage and rived and will not commit itself overno decision has been reached. Dis- and above its own aims in the warcussion, it is indicated, will neces- to an unlimited liability for territorialcarily be confined to the very broad- aims of the Allies. It is recognizedest phases. . that it would be difficult to convey thisAn impression conveyed in some mpression to the Entente without bequarters that the Entente commis- ing misunderstood, and it is thoughtsioners would seek to bind the United also the Entente commissioners areStates to the general arrangement not fully enough conversant with theto negotiate a separate peace is gen- American situation not to press theerally discounted here, though officials issue.laic care not to express themselves The British delegation which is exwmmmmmmam,amm ,. aaaaMBBHBMnnnM. pected to arrive in about ten days, willbe headed by Foreign Minister Balfour.THE FRENCHSAFE MEDICINE FOR CHILDREN.Professional Cards.Bourbon BejiJding ScLoan AssociationFIRST NAT'L BANK BUILDINGIN REAR OF BANKEntrance on Fourth StreetDR WM KENNFY and ma-y begiven to a child as confi, dently as to an adult It is pleasant jy0U had finally decided upon a straight- black with red, tan with light blue or,ye, Ear, Nose and Throat, to take, too, which is of great impor nine frock for Easter, and vice versa, rose, and navy blue with green. The"Is it safe?" is the first question tobe considered when buying coughmedicine for children. Chamberlain'sCough Remedy has long been a favorite with mothers of young children asit contains no opium or other narcotic,FASHIONS ARRIVEIN fW YORKDesigners Shape the Silhouette in Various WaysPOULARD A REVIVED SILKthe more stylish it will be. Anotherform of decoration much in use is theheavy machine stitching applied eitherin rows or in fancy designs. This issuch a simple trimming for women toW that its popularity is assured.On woolen material, a heavy silk likethat used for crocheting is used at thetop of the machine with ordinary sewing silk at the bottom. The stitchingshould be as large as the machine willallow, and the needle must necessarilybe very large. When this stitching isused on linen or heavy cotton fabricsa heavy mercerized cotton is used instead of silk.The Revival of FoulardAs to materials, it is particularlyinteresting to note the arrival of foulard, an ideal silk for spring and summer. It is used very freAy.especiallyNEW YORK, April 12. in the dotted desitrn so well knownParis fashions have begun to arrive Coin dots of all sizes and colors ap-in New York and all in good time pear in manv silks. Satin, taffeta..for Easter, too! j crepe meteor, chiffon and GeorgetteEnough of these models have come are the smart materials of the seasoDsafely through the perilous trip across for afternoon frocks, and the diaphanthe Atlantic to give us an idea of the ous tulles, nets and laces are used forParisian decree as to what shall be the evening gown. Black-and-whiteworn this spring and summer. combinations are used in the develop-Whether the silhouette would be ment of some of the most charmingstraight, oval or "barrel" is the ques- evening gowns.tion that most women have been anx- For day wear the most prominentious to have settled. It would be so colors are sand, beige, navy blue andmaddening to find that Paris had voted sulphur. There are many attractivein favor of the barrel silhouette when combinations such as dark blue orROOMS 403-404.FIRST NAT'L BANK BUILDING.PHONE 136.WM, GRANINANAitorneyat-LawROOMS 401-402.FIRST NAT'L BANK BUILDINGtance when a medicine must be giveuto young children. This remedy ismost effectual in relieving coughs,colds and croup. Obtainable everywhere. (april-adv)It is often better to go a good ways'round than to take a short cut acrossi lots.Everybody Knows HendricksTelephone 2585Lexington., Ky.All Metal(Higgins Mfg. Co.)Window ScreensWeather StripsBest Screen Doors and Windows InThe World.Window and Door Equipments.T. A- HENDRICKSLEXINGTON, KY.0tMkm fern M I'M' l T"J 1 i WU.-tJ4-dotted materials, which are very prominent, are matching the background ofthe dotted fabric.The sketch shows a summery frockof fine white voile with flouncing forming the side tunics and the vest-likefront of the waist A ribbon girdlesupplies the color note in this daintyall-white frock. A narrow ribbon ofthe same color as the girdle holds inthe soft gathered puff of the .under-sleeve at the wrists. Cut machine 'sti&ihing is the finish used for thecollar and vest, as well as the edgesof the sleeves.In the second sketch is shown adress in one of the popular spotted fabrics, with plain sleeves, pockets andbelt. This is one of the ways of de-Jveloping a spotted fabric, relieved by aplain color, in order to get the besteffect.IIHHimHH li"iiAll-liAAl4AAgencySTACY - ADAMSSHOES$7-o and $7-50Take Advantage of These Prices? and Saup MnnpvMAAM -Sfc W tlVMVJ!A Summer Frock of Fine White Voileand Flouncingi Fortunately, the French houses havebeen in favor of all three silhouettes,so the choice rests with the individual,and no one having elected to appeareither slender or slightly puffed outaround the hips will be in any dangerof not being correctly dressed. Certainly, the fashions are most accommodating, in so far as they allow one thechoice of so many different styles.The soft drapery in skirts is a feature much in evidence among the newgowns. There are also some tunics, thelovers of this graceful style will beglad to know. Draping is one of themeans of accomplishing the oval silhouette with the skirt narrowing downat the hem and plenty of fulness aboutthe waist and hips.The Width and Length of SkirtsThere is no rule about the width orthe length of skirts, for they vary according to the caprice of the designer.Some skirts areTas narrow as a yard', at' the hem, while others are as wideSPRAINS AND STRAINS RELIEVEDSloan's Liniment quickly takes thepain out of strains, sprains, bruisesnd all muscle soreness. A clean, cleariquid easily applied? it quickly pene-rates without rubbing. Sloan's Lini-nent does not skin or clog the poresike mussy plasters or ointment3.J)r chronic rheumatic aches and pains,neuralgia, gout and lumbago have thiswell-known remedy handy. For thepains of grippe and following strenuous work, it gives quick relief. At alldruggists, 25c.(april-adv)15KENTUCKY TRACTION& TERMINAL COMPANYtHARRY LINVILLE iIt I I H"HiIJ'H"l"I'I"I'"I"I"I"I"I"I"I'A MAN AND HIS WIFEhInterurban Schedule.CARS LEAVE10:05 p. m. 11:00 p. m.Paris Lexingtonfor forLexington Paris6:45 a. m. 6:00 a. m.7:30 a. m. 7:20 a. tn.8:15 a, m. 8:00 a. m.9:00 a. m . 8:50 a, m.9;45 a. m. 10:20 a.m.11:15 a. m. 11:50 a. m.U2:45 p. m. 1:20 p. m.2:15 p. m. 2:50 p. m.3:45 p. m. 3:30 p. m.4:30 p. m. 4:20 p. m.5:15 p. m. 5:00 p. m.6:05 p. m. 6:00 p. m.6:50 p. m. 7:20 p. m.8:15 p. m. 9:10 p. m.. rayuvvmft&wykYou Don't Have toStoopIf You Use aGarlandCabjnetRangeImay both derive saiisfactionby having their worn and soiledgarments cleaned by us. Thecost is nominal, while the pleasure of wearing old clothes thathave the appearance of new,conjunction with the knowledgethat you are effecting a greatving, must surely satisfy you.A phone brings U3..LEVY, THE DRY CLEANER.Cumbcriand.Phone 40-vjHome Phone 1692'ii' ,:A Smajt Way of Developing SpottedFabricsas three yards. It is just the samewith the lengths of skirts. Whilesome reach the ankles, the shoe-taplength and even shorter is used Inother models. Skirts for street wearare for the most part inclined to benarrow. In evening sowns, the puffedeffect of skirts looped under to a narrower foundation is used to a great extent, and this same effect also appearshere and there among the afternoongowns.Pockets have not been discarded byany means, nor is there any evidenceof a lack of inspiration for new waysI of fashioning them.I Embroidery is still the order of theday, and the more - Oriental lookingII II BfiKjBCHtf''PS?MPtfC33iA beautiful line of Garlands on display. Cohie In and look them over.Paris Gas & Electric Co.(Incorporated)OPPORTUNITY!Mr. B. F. Clendenin, Associate General Agent forthe Northwestern Mutual Life Insurance Company, inone day recently, sold 100,000 worth of life insuranceover local and long- distance lines of the Home TelephoneCompany and because of such an amount of businessaccumulated in one day, he divides the honors with usfor the efficient telephone service . rendered. This is asplemlid record for both Telephone and Insurance Companies. Mr. Clendenin says; "The service I get from yourCompany is all that I could ask, and on the closing dayof my campaign I used it with wonderful success.,,Such an opportunity in facilitating business shouldbe grasped by the public in general in employing co-operation,efficiency and confidence.Paris Home Telephone 8 Telegraph Co.(Incorporated)J. J. VEATCH, District Manager.W. IL CANNON, THOMAS JL 13M1TH.Equipment Manager. Cashier.EFFICIENCYIN CLOTBING FOR MEN!57Cfipyrl!iU917I lie IIuTiia el t-uiijicuhelaetWe Are Agents For TheHouse of KuppenheimerSuits and OvercoatsFor Men and Young Men. Now, more than at any othertime, you should buy merchandise that can be dependedon. For this reason we heartily recommend clothes ofthis make and we also GUARANTEE fit style and service. You can buy them here for$20.00 $22.50 $25.00TWIN BROS.Clothing and Shoe Dept. L. Wollstiin, PrapWe Give and Redeem Blue Trading Stamps.Bourbon LaundryDWIS & FUNK, PropsTelephone No. 4.West 5 Streetimi iashu'ntlK -5-J0e53gzzT -Satisfaction is Ow.rWatchwordWith all the IntPQt ;m.I Drovpmmita in lnnn4i .fyl " z? at)nlianrps -nr nro-v v - helpers we are preDared ,''' "J r- fl to do work inferior to. -Bourbon Laundry,Paris Kentucky.mf.ifcstilfl'-( 'PAGE EIGHTTHE BOURBON NEWS, PARIS. KY.; TUB8DAY, APRII 17, 1117.'fr 4 HJ.:NWHAT PROMINENT MEDBCAL MEN SAY REGARDING ITVivih iB ih H v .H tV v H H"I will utter what I believe to-day,If it should contradict all I said yesterday." The thought in the foregoing quotation possibly contains the sentimentwhich, dominated the minds of the individuals when they subscribe to thestatements which, follow:be the most efficacious and far-reaching health mode extant."EDWIN C. CALISBURG.Jackson, Mich.achieve results which seemed- likemiracles to me."L. W. EDWARDS, M. D.24th and Farnam, Omaha, Neb."I am the son of a medical doctorand was educated for the medical profession. After nine years in the practice of medicine I discovered I ha'lsugar diabetes. As a result I consulted a chiropractor. He fully restoredme to health. I believe chiropractic to"I am a licensed physician in theState of California. I have also takenchiropractic study, x believe chiropratic is here to stay."f E. P. BAILEY, M. D.957 W. 7th St, Los Angeles."I became interested in chiropracticthrough seeing a chiropractor take r.number of badly afflicted people, pronounced incurable by medicine, and"The chiropractors come nearer tgiving to suffering humanity the maximum of health and happiness obtainable through the practice of any healthprofession."A. W. LITTRELL, M. D.304 Conroy Bldg., San Antonio, Tex."I think chiropratic spinal therapysimply wonderful."W. A. FRANKLIN, M. D.Magnolia, 111."I believe chiropractic to be themost scientific method of adjusting thecause of disease."U. A. LYLE, M. D.Logansport, Ind."Hurrah for chiropractic and forchiropractors who have solved thehealth problem."W. A. BRAYMAN, M. D.Youngstown, O."Chiropractors obtain results I cannot obtain with medicine."E. G. RUTHERFORD, M. D.Birmingham, Ala.We have many like testimonals frommen who know of the value of chiropractic spinal adjustments. About fourhundred and fifty former medical doctors have abandoned medicine for thestudy and practice of chiropractic.The chiropractic schools of the country annually graduate about fifty medical doctors for the practice of thisgreat drugless mode of adjusting thereal cause of disease.Consultation and analysis of you"spine without charge at my office.pMOHNEYChiropractor8 to 12 A. SVL, in Masonic Temple, Paris, Ky. Cismb. Phone 993.oComingAttractionsi Gm AND JlLliTuesdayLew Fields and Dorisi Kenyon in"The Man WhoStood Still"Brady FeatureCharies Richman andDorothy Kelly in"RUM CAY"Eighth episode ofSecret Kingdom 'TheWEDNESDAY.Cleo,Ridgely and Wallace Reid in"The Yellow Pawn"Jesse L. Xasky production, with Bray'scartoons and Burton Holmes' traval-ogues.THURSDAY.Valeska Suratt in"Jealousy."A Fox feature of the sure Are kind.Hank Mann in "His Ticklish Job'two reel scream.Hours-ASamo, 2 to6:30; Paris Grand?7to 10:30, Admission 5 and 10c.cMILLERSBURG DEATHS.o,Mrs. Ashby Leer entertainedThursday afternoon with, a sewing.Mrs. J. B. Cray is visiting hersister, Mrs. W. S. Judy, in LexingtonMiss Ewing, of Morgan, is theguest of the Rev. and Mrs. C. O.CoBsaboom.Mrs. P. E. Peterson was a guest orher parents, Mr. and Mrs. Rice, nearHutchison, Sunday.Miss Alma Hopper, of Mayslick,was a guest Thursday and Fridayof her cousin, Mrs. Ashby Leer.The cadets of M. M. I. will put athree-act drama on April 20th at the3L M. I. drill hall, entitled, "Prof,Pepp."AMBROSE.Mr. Dudley T. Ambrose, wellknown in Paris and Bourbon county,died Friday night at his home in Lexington, after a long illness. Mr. Ambrose had been in the real estate business in Lexington for several years.He was seventy-three years of age,and is survived by his widow, MrsJulia Ambrose, and one son, Oscar Ambrose.Messrs. George Jones and WallaceBowles left yesterday for Cincinnati,"where they will enlist in the TJ. S.Navy.J: B. Cray has returned fromIPrankfort, where he attended thefuneral of his uncle, the Rev. JosephCurrentMr. and Mrs. R. C. Bonar entertained a number of friends on Fridayevening with a 6 o'clock dinner inhonor of Mr. Bonar's .birthday.Miss Aleta Wilson will give a dramatic interpretation of "The Shepherdthe Hills," in the Auditorium of theMillersburg College, at 8:15 o'clock onthe evening of Monday, April 23. Therecital will be given under the direction, of Miss Ethel King, assistedfey Miss Carolyn. Mclntyre., Considerable excitement was occaF)6ned here Sunday afternoon whenthe dead body of a white infant wasfond under the porch at the residenceof Mr. John Maher, in this city. Thebotfv was entirely naked and was'badly decomposed, having evidentlybeen there some time. Coroner Rudolph Davis was notified, and went toMfllersburg, where he conducted an investigation, assisted by Dr. J. D. Calhoun and Marshal Joe Williams, ofMillersburg. The body was buried.Nothing could be learned who placed the- body there, or from where itcane. There were no marks of violence on the body and as well as couldhe determined from a superficial examJtSon, the infant died from naturalc&aseg.STONE.Col. James E. Stone, for manyyears clerk of the Kentucky Houseof Representatives and one of the mostpopular Democrats in the State, diedlast Thursday at his home in Brooklyn,N. Y. He had been ill two months.He had been connected with the Income Tax Department of the UnitedStates Government for several years..Col. Stone's death will be sad newsto hundreds of friends in Kentucky.Funeral services were conducted Sunday afternoon at the Fourth AvenueBaptist Church in Louisville, and theburial took place in Cloverport, Ky.,yesterday morning at 11:30 o'clock.II. Harris, rector of St. Peter's Episcopal church, of this city.Mr. Holt, who had been in the TJ. S.army service in Texas, was a commissioned officer with the rank of Sergeant, in Company C, of the FirstKentuckjvRegiment, made up of menlargely recruited from Louisville andvicinity. Sergeant Holt went to theborder with hjg company when it wasmustered into the service for duty,and was stationed at Fort Bliss, Texas,El Paso and other points in thathreatened districts along the MexicaTexan border. When the troops wereordered back to Kentucky SergeantHolt came with them to Ft. Thomas,the U. S. military post near Newport.While there he was taken ill with thedisease which eventually resulted inhis death.The body was prepared for burialand taken to the Covington station ofthe Louisville & Nashville, where adetail from his company gave the parting military honors in the military salute and sounding the '''taps" as thetrain moved out. On arrival at Paris,the body was taken to the home of hismother, Mrs. Ben P. Holt, on Mt.Airy.Sergeant Holt is survived by hismother, Mrsv Ben. P. Holt; three sisters, Mrs. E'dgar Sanford, and MissNellie Holt, both of Louisville; Mrs.Rebecca Mullen, of Paris; and fourbrothers, Mr. Harry Holt, of Port Arthur, Texas; Mr. William G. Holt, ofi Paris; Mr. Edgar Holt, of Salt LakeGity, Utah; Mr. Ben P. Holt, of Seattle,Washington. Mr. Will Holt, of Paris,was at his brother's bedside when thjaend came.The funeral will partake of a military character, a detail from the Signal Corps of the State Guard, composed of Newsum Keller, James Parker,Wm. Masterson, Eugene Taylor, RobtNelson and Gus Welsh, stationed here,acting as an escort. The militaryhonors will be paid atthe grave. Thepall-bearers will be Houston Rion,Newton Gay, Harry B. Fithian, Jos.Mitchell, Ellis Hukill .and JohnSchmidt.of the medical faculty of Emory University and a member of the medicalstaff of St. Joseph's Infirmary.His death is a distinct loss to thomedical profession of the South and asource of sorrow to hundreds of dovoted patients and friends.i The following will act as pall-bear-'ers: Drs. Frederick Hodgson, ChartedM. Mashburn, John Denton, Robt. Mc-cord. C. W. Stickler and A. D.Adair, Jr.' The funeral was held at St. Peter'sEpiscopal church Friday afternoon,with the impressive services conducted by Rev. Geo. H. Harris. The remains were brought from Atlanta, Friday morning, accompanied by his widow, Mrs. Grace Calloway Varden andher parents, Mr. and IV rs. R. H. Calloway, and Dr. Frederick Hodgson, ofAtlanta.BE CAREFUL!O! BIRTHS.)l In this city, to the wife of Mr.'Edward Pricharu, formerly Miss AlleenPower, a son.At Frankfort, to the wife of StateTreasurer Sherman' Goodpaster, formerly Miss Ann Johnson, of Mt! Sterling, a daughter, christened VirginiaJohnson Goodpaster.The bridges on all the railroads inCentral Kentucky are new guarded dayand night by details of soldiers fromthe Kentucky State Guard. Should youhave any business about a railroadtrack or bridge, be careful as to youractions, and if called ipon to "Halt!"tyou had better do so, and give an account of yourself. No "tin soldiers'are on guard here, but grim, determined men whoare there on business,strictly. Be careful, and watch yourstep!I When it comes to no surrender thenew guard can take pointers from theold.tLargest Selection OfiWEBBER.Mrs. Lucy Baskett Webber, wife ofMr. A. M. Webber, Sr., died at herhome in Shelbyville, at 2:45 o'clock.Saturday morning, after an illness o!only five days of pneumonia. Mrs.Webber was in her seventy-fourthyear. She is survived by her husband,who has been ill for several weeks;two sons, Mr. Charles A. Webber, ofFaris; and A. M. Webber, Jr., ofShelbyville; and one daughter, Mrs.A. B. Chowning, of Shelbyville.The funeral services were conductedat the Baptist church in Shelbyville atthree o'clock Sunday afternoon, conducted by Rev. F. M. Powell. Theburial followed in the ShelbyvilleCemetery.HOLT.Just as we begin to doubt the Ineyfcauetible versatility of war writerstiey p and report Francis Joseph4a again. "The funeral of Mr. Joseph H. Holt,aged twenty-eight, who died at thaBooth Memorial Hospital, in Covington, Saturday night, of uraemic poisoning, will be held at 2:30 o'clock this(Tuesday) afternoon, with servicesconducted at the grave in the ParisCemetery conducted by Rev. GeorgeVARDE.WThe Atlanta, Ga.. Journal containsthe following regarding the deaththere last week of Dr. George KentVarden, formdpy of Paris, whose untimely death brought sorrow to nwide circle of friends, relatives and acquaintances throughout the Blue Grasssection of the State:The Atlanta Journal, published atAtlanta, Ga., on Thursday, April 12.contained an excellent picture of DrVarden, with the following notice of,his death:1 The funeral of Dr. George Kent Varden, thirty-four years old, the prominent Atlanta specialist who died Wednesday night at the residence of hisfather-in-law, H. R. Callaway, 69?Piedmont Avenue, will be held thereThursday afternoon at 3:30 o'clock.Rev. W. W. Memminger, rector of AllSaints' Church, of wli-ch TJr. Vardenwas a member, will officiate, and thebody will be taken to Paris, Ky., forinterment.Dr. Varden was born at Paris, Ky,June 27, 1883. He received his preparatory education at tlio High Schoolof that city, and graduated at theUniversity of Cincinnati in medicaldepartment in 1908. He served twoyears as an. intern at ihc Nursery andChild's hospital of Now York City.He came to Atlanta in 1910 and sincithat time his success had been remarkable. He was married to MissGrace Callaway, daughter of H. RCallaway, January 16, 1913. IDr. Varden was one of the mostpopular and best known physicians inthe South and had a wide reputation Ias a specialist in children's diseasesHe was a member of the PiedmontDriving Club and of the Druid HillsGolf Club and of the Mu Sigma Ni,medical fraternity. Hj was a member::Spring9I & J VH W &All the NewNovelties,The LatestCreations ofzi&- j: -t iJp-&v' l002&Zffi9fj Ml?f Lt 4en's, Women's and Children'sBoots, Oxfords and Pumps!In white, grey, mahogany brown, black kid and other fashionable shades, as well asthe more conservative styles. Owing to our system of merchandising in advance and in bigquantities, we are now in position to offer to our customers the highest quality and themost stvlish Spring Footwear AT PRICES LESS THAN THE PRESENT WHOLESALEMARKET.Just a Few of the Many Styles and Their Prices:Ladies' White Kid Most Fash- cionable Boots at IS'Ladies' White Cam. Sea IslandPolish BootsLadies' Rich Brown or Russ. TanEnglish or French Heel BootsLadies' Kid Lace Boots andPumps which add grace to yourfootLadies' Pat. Dull Kid co'QQBoots and Pumps at. .-$aI75J"Ladies' Pat. and Gun Metal "Shoesand Slippers at..95 up$2.994.953.49$2.491.99Men's Russian Tan English - -Shoesand Oxfords, W.-0...$4.50 UpMen's Plat: Calf English and Me- -dium Toe Shoes and Oxfords .... $4.00Men's Gun Metal and Taif Shoesand Oxfords, Walk-Over 3.50JMen.s Gun Metal, Button and 0 Qttand Lace, good quality 2.99Men's Tan 'Lace Oxfords mat 2.49Men's Gun Metal High Shoes and QttOxfords 1.99Boys', Misses' and Children's Shoes and Slippers AtONE-HALF THE PRICE YOU PAY ELSEWHEREDAN COHENParis' Greatest Shoe StoreWhere Beauty and Economy ReignH "J