J &ItITHE BOURBON "NEWSPUBLISHED EVERY TUESDAY AND FRIDAY IN THE YEAR.I """.YOLUME XXXVI.PARIS, BOURBON COUNTY, KENTUCKY, FRIDAY, JANUARY 26, 1917.THE TOBACCO MARKETBOURBON WEDNESDAY. JAN 24.The Bourbon Warehouse Companysold Wednesday at their house 169,0 0pounds of tobacco for $33,094.82. anaierage of $19.57. The quality of theday's offerings was superior to that .ifthe day before. The market continuedstrong. S'jpne of the averages follow:Itedmon & Mattox, 2,880 pounds at$20.12; Fisher & Cameron, 4,063nounds at $21.98; Weathers & Beasley5,(70 pounds at $20.63; Myers & Dale2,270 pounds at $21.30; W. D. Johnson,f.,135 pounds at $21.91; Meteer & Ginn,4,265 pounds at $20.10; P. A. Wallis,8,130 pounds at $20.21; C. D. Wilson,1,270 pounds at $21.02; Wilson & Foui-lord, Hmkle & Son, 3.380 pounds at$21.29 ; Boardman & Markland, 2,980pounds at $25.57; Thompson & Taylor,3,190 pounds at $21.16; W. T. Linville,5,480 pounds at $20.47.INDEPENDENT WEDNESDAY,JANUARY 24.At thp Tnrfpnpnn-pnf W;irphniiP Hiptotal sales were 108,860 pounds forM, cioc ,..rr insert TmiTific fnrS20.595.95, at an average of $18.92.Some of the best averages follow:G. W. Estes, 2,210 pounds at $20.73;H. Smith, 3,855 pounds at $19.59,Thompson &. Farley, 4.670 pounds at$22.06; Wagner & Herrington, 2,435pounds at $21.17; Current & Carrier.S21.56; Redmon and Martin & Son, 1,-'45 pounds at $90 52BOURBON THURSDAY, JAN. 25The Bourbon Tobacco WarchousfCompany sold yesterday 192.050 poundsof tobacco for $3S,292.S8, an averageof $19.93. The market was strongand active on all grades. Some of thefveragos are as follows:Wyatt & Shoemake, 2,530 pound-." " lvn..ji "average $2o.69;E. K. Thomas & Myers,2.735, average $19 90; Claybrook &Smart. 4.125 nounds, average $19.7S;Xasterson & Lanter, 3.205 pounds, av-erase $21.95; Burke, Brent & Snappr, l,i 05 pounds at $20.94; B. F. Sledd, good news, and incidentally, thga shocks, houses and crops in many in2,215 pounds at $20.26; George A- Kel- pressure. stances being ca'rried away by the wa-ljui, x,ooo ijouuub iii $.i; wnguL v. uut at tne city limits where the pipe ters. Mr. j. Harry Clay was one ofMorris, 2,410 pounds at $21.10; Wright line comes into Paris by way ot the the heaviest losers, about twenty acrej Jh: Watkins, 3,765 pounds at 21.66; Til- Clintonville pike. Superintendent C. of hemp on his land, valued at about 23,690 pounds at $20.57; P. L. Dimmitt llXKl LllK :VulIMlue" "uie w:i,B1BU w ",u vw Wl u,c.t"uul' :cLtc ""A Rov Coy. 5,470 pounds at $23.16; return and turn off the supply. A sec to resume travel to and from theirPayne" & Williams 6 950 pounds at oni Drea ia(l occurred in tuie line homes, where they had been virtually4,080, average $22.27; Buckner & Jan- thev had that woulj be of any prac 1uary, 3,125 pounds, average $20.20: tical value. The patrons of the local TO MR. O. HINTON:Talbott Bros. & Hough. 3.610 pounds. Cc(npanv were verv patient, realizing I" looking tor a biutabie candidateaverage $20.11; Burke, Brent & Snapp. the fact that the Paris Gas & Elec- for Mayor, one who can win both nom4.335 pounds, average $20.78; C. Cun- trie Co. was not responsible for the ination and election, because he der.mgham, 3,340 pounds, average $21.87; trouble and had been doing all in their serves to win. the eyes of the publicPence & Wells, 3,860 pounds, average ,p0wer to get accurae information a? naturally turn to you as the best and$19.33; M. B. Lovell & Sons, 3.470 t? when the service vouId be resumed. Jnost available candidate. ou haepounds, average $22.15; Burke, Brenf The public fully realized the delicate been for maiiy years a member ot the& Grey, 4,885 pounds, average $22.97; situation in which the local company Council for your ward, and have servConnell Bros. & Shanks, 8.310 pounds, had been unavoidably placed through ed on all the important committees olaverage $20.21; Hopkins & Harmon the unfortunate break in the pipe line-, that botly. ou are intimately ac4JB00 pounds, average $21.54; Marshall and acted accordingly. The local office quainted with all the public busmen& Taylor, 4,285 pounds, average $21.- handled the situation in an admirabl ol the city, and scarcely any other-tO- J. W. Reed & Son. 3,260 pounds, manner, and Superintendent Steenber citien is so familiar as you with it?average $20.13; Craft & Allen. 2,625 gen and his assistants are entitled to financial condition and needs,rvounds, average $23.45; Marr & Gilvin. their fair share of credit ' ' The people or Pans believe that in2 605 pounds, average $23.30; Han- a sufficient amount of gas for the all your long public service you haveJw.ir x. Tiimnn. 8.140 nounds. aver- pnnsumpr is now assured and renorts been zealous solely for the public goou,w'v - -- ' - - , - . -.SO- Wiedemann & Fox. 1,830 pounds,average $20.65.faINDEPENDENT THURSDAY,JAN. 25.age $2113; Reamoii Ac neamon. 4. in fiom headquarters state tnac mere win anu uc ucvci ou JV t... ..TKiunds, average $10.10; Shannon & be no turner trouble. The pressure private gain. You -have stood forClav 2 475 pounds, average $20.93; being carried on the pipe line is ai what was best in the public service,txt "o p,n rtnon nnnnris. averace S20.- nt ;ir tiormal acrain. the comnanv and no influence, except your own contamed in the pipe line, ana nucuiates 11110 ui ma. s ' "" j;The Independent House sold jester- considerablv according to the amoun , Believing this, if you will allow yourday 81,280 pounds of tobacco for .- I name to be used as a candidate fortotal of $15,611.03, an average of u an amusing si(le t0 the that office, you will receive the loyal$19.21. Owing to the fact that tne ti n thougit it mav not have ap- support ofreport arrived too late for publica "'S0? the sense ofj MANY VOTERS.tion, Uie crop averages are laid over. imnQr of SOjnie whowere caught with Ijout Idie means of getting their meals.' 'lln many localities, liousekeepers who, T. Rfiir- Millar farmAt Uie Planters' House, in Lexing-'were fortunate in having coal ranges I He DrULt i IIIBCI laiiiiton, Wednesday, the following crop.; were visited by their less fortunate Qf 22 aCreS, near PaTIS,xvere sold by Bourbon county growers: neighbors, bearing coffee pots, buckets auctionT W Clifford, 1,140 pounds at $21.40; nn,i other household utensils, for the Will DC MU C1I CJUCiiuuy W Clifford, 4,595 pounds at $19.08; purpose -of getting a wee bit of break- Thursday Feb. O. bZCJohnson & Beagle, 4,310 pounds at fast for Uie man ot the house before dpsrrjntjv'e QdvertiSe-t19 5o ;he we! t to Tiis daily toil. Restaurants UCCI ipuvc vi v 1 mov." .were crowded with customers who ha 1 pient OR P3(ie 2 OT I lie, . been used to getting their daily meals fcnftiCwsnmr7ewFrank P. White & Son, of Pam. 'at llome, and each new arrival had a. llClllUiniail v.in.n.sold a crop of 1,340 ,pounds of tobacco .)f woe to tell. The gloom was a-j ' .on Uie Lexington market this week. lllick as a London fog and nothingUiat brought an average price of $36.39per hundred, which is sam 10 naebeen higher by $8 per hundred thanhas been paid for a crop lot 01 touacc;this season. Mr. White said that thisrwrm wic rrnwn bv his son, WilliairPreston White, on a little less than aj,aore of ground, and that it was tneentire cron with all the grades repro-SSS(Continued on Page .)-... c uiompPLANT MEETING OF HOMETELEPHONE COMPANY., , .A district Meeting of the "plant mentf Uie Central Home Telephone v.Telegraph Company, 01 U1UI LU"- jParis Home Telephone is not uie i?(mn.nnf monihpr. will be ueiu inParis on the afternoon ana nignL oUilui lanu iuv.---t - -- ...Monday. January 29.A conference for managers onlyWill be held in the office of the ParisHome Telephone Co. in the after-r,oon wliile the other employes 111-nlVnt" daDartmert are arriving andnSngling socially. A supper will betendered Uie visitors and local em-nlnvM at the Windsor Hotel, afte -SSiPlT the regular business sessioninl bP held in Uie local office of tha"l ..AAhftse bieeUngs the employes willmnirT notes and discuss points ofInterest in matters pertaining to theirIrr !:, v with ii obiect of pro.., j . -oe;nr Tiflrmnnv. lov -mOmg AUU. iumoo .!' -alt co-operation ana eiucieuuy u.their relations to the company andifcjr vnrir. General SuperintendentMinor Connan and other promfhent.-i nmne stofficials from theTjOMikvIlle. "Wiixciiick1. awiXMUSVUie, Will u -rT ... T, .-. Mf ni. adwa nan't miu a oatre. IC you."THE GAS IS ON,""THERE'S JOY AT HOME.'I Tlie "KdS famine" which nro.V;iilfrl inParis since the break in the big gasmain of the Central Kentucky NaturalGas Company last Mondav morning,was relieved about 5:30 o'clock Tues-day afternoon, when Uie return of thpiecious article of fuel and illumina-tion was heralded by the striking ofthe big tower bell on the roof of theParis lire department. There had beentwo days of doubt and anxiety, jningledwith a touch of both comedy and neartragedy, giving the situation a tinge ofboth sadness and joy. A short timeafter the si ad tidings passed from oneplace to another that "the gas is on'1there was a concerted rush to test th;E. Steenbergen, of tHie Paris Gas &Electric Co., anxiously waited for the"tell-tale" that would indicate the re-turn of the pressure, and immediatelysent word into the city. The pressuro!was very weak at first, but graduallyigrew stronger, until at night it was al -.most normal, and the people who hadfor neA-ly two days been without"means of getting fuel and heat expert -enced a great relief. Persons who hadnot eaten a meal at home since Monday morning were enabled to get ac -quainted uith the famly table again,The gas was turned on in the pipein the field Tuesday morning after thedamage at Slate Creek, in Montgomerycounty, had been reparied, but an hour,..1 J4. ,., l.i 4..--l ..-! I 1""" ' as UC1" ..-"'"caane necessary to repair that beforeconsumers could be supplied. At nooathe gates were closed, and Superin -tendent Steenbergen made thenouncement that the gas wouLd irob-'aably be turned on by night. The gates0f the pipe line in the field were opeu-ed again at 3:30 o'clock and the pumpswere set to work bringing the pressureup to normal, and now it's all rightagain.During the morning and afternoonthe office force of the Paris Gas -Electric C. was beseiged with inqui-ries as to just what hour the gas wouldbe turned on again, and they verycourteously gave out what information. . ....,,, .,,deeming it best to increase the press-ure gradually, rather than run the' rick of another brpak in the .pipe lino,w inoroacin.r tiiPi nrpssnrp too huni-edly. The pressure in the city mainsis somewhat higher than that main-short of the return of Hhe gas serviceC3Ujd d1Spel it.CLUB MEETING.., ,"John Galswortny, tne uuii au.iiis nay, u.c ou -cussion at the meeting of tne ia.isLiterary Club, Wednesday afternoon,.A round table discussion of "Jus-itice," Galsworthy's principal play, wasjeu uy miss ieuiw xn.iiia, o.w. . .w.interesting .presentation of the playand its ethical value was given hyMrs Prank Pithian. Miss Elizabeth.C'rutc'ier gave an appreciation of tho, plavb rani; among irrjdern dramas.jr--0 ,D, c-.Mncjyvinm.w r-,, ..,GOLD NUGGET IN, --, While cleaning : out "ebeaeb"7n "ca fire place which had been m con8lant use tor many mh tCroxton, of Clark count, tound alarge nugget of pure gold. It weignten pennyweights and is said by jew-elers to be large enough to make ahandsome gold watch. .1 Many years ago a watch belongingto Miss Croxton's grandfather -disap-peared and was believed to have been'cinipn Miss Clay Croxton, now Mr.s.Hayden Clement, a few years ago lost.a valuable ring. Jewelers say.howeverthat the nugget contains more goldthan either or both of the lost articles1I r,Tn CVCDV DfP.We again admonish our readers.rPAd every. page of THE NEWS,ua inai haws Ain be found on everyiiic ivv - -- - -"'SilfL .mi ,a nmhrn- rnnrl14-S 4 W rt wlHi j-i. nwA vviHn1lA1 4. . iltn -i - y-v - I J- 4-t 4-V X 4-a4- lltAMn Alin MlAtlSETTLED WEATHER BRINGSRELIEF FROM HIGH WATERI With the rp.tlirn nf KPttlorl orwl nnlilavweather the threatening condition.-,that were a menace from overflowingsteams in the countv have passedaway, and things have resumed theirnormal aspect. The streams in tin-city and county, that took a suddennotion to get out of their beds, havpretired again and pulled the cover oeithem like all self-respecting streamsshould. There was no considerableproperty loss in tilie citv on account ofthe high water, but the rising streamsraade life miserable for the dwellers ,in the lowlands for a short time. IIn the county the loss was greater,than in the citv fencine-. fodder I$3,000, being washed away.I The snow blockade on the countyroads has also been removed, and theresumption of travel between the cityand the blockaded neighborhoods of' the county has restored the balance.jThe imajor portion of the credit forgetting' the piktravel open to the public onpikes in this county is due toCounty Judge CharlesA. McMillan,who, as soon as it was possible for thej teams to do any work of the kind, sent'out the county teams with snow plowsjover all the roads, clearing them for( traffic. Owing to tlhe fact that theequipment was necessarily limitedonly the main roads were cleared atfirst, but the others soon followed, an'lj"UTV -lT., ,Judge McMillan has always been anactive worker in the interest of the1 roads in this county, and his prompta:i-j;utior in relieving the blockade wasvery thoughtful one. and one towhich he is entitled to the fullestciedit As far as has been reportedJudge McMillan was the only CountyJudge in the State to take action ofthis kind on his own initiative, and itis needless to say that he has hadwarm thanks of the residents of both1. 1,1 nir. .-. -r.the citv and county.VOTERS WANT W. O. H1NTONTO ENTER MAYORALTY RACEscience, has ever dictated any or yourpublic acts. You have always beenhonest, faithful ana efficient tin eedualities of the highest importance ina .public official. We have no doubtyou wouiu carry an uit quaimcWILLIAM COOPER promui tuTO ASSISTANT POSTMASTERPostmaster J. Walter Payne yes'eidav received official confirmationfrom Washington of the appointmentQf Mn william Cooper, to be Assistant Postmaster in tne -ans postonicc.T1 appointment was sent to theg PTuesday an confinned Wed-nesday MlT Cooper, who has been. efficient Chief Clerk in thelocal olfice for several years, ymed Mn Carlie wilmoth, who 're-Q an acUve part ,n tn8bus,ness affairs of the Wilmoth Gro-Company, of which he is a mem-. .j cooper's appoitment is a de-'served recognition of meritorious ser'vice extending over a period of sev-f i I ...1 !nU i -- -k li -k 1-onerai years, uunng wmuu liuig nc uao, tv,iUlfullv met every demandi upon him. He has been and will con-up immensely popular with' pXmTo "the Paris postoffice.pIBOURBON MEMBERS OFBLUEGRASS FAIR DIRECTORSAt the meeting of the stockholders'oC the Bluegrass Fair AssociaUon held,n Lexington, Wednesday, Mr. John JuGdmon. of the North MiddletownYjcinity, was elected a member of theBoard 0f Directors and Mr. CatesbyWoodford, of Paris, was elected aniember of the Advisory 'Camanttce.tr serve wiUi Uie officers of the As-! tn nn,1iintlno. tlio Tlliir-.! l.n.. unimt. nc-ml ivinr nncitinTI fnr'Grass Fair. The following officerstc were elected to serve during 1917aslLouiS j. Haggin, resident: S. S.rvj-nhs. vfce-nreident: Dennv B.vsw--'-r - m . 9HrtP 'secretary, : "John G. Cramer.-iU" . " ;NMMHMI:TOTE:YOUR HEALTHj Is More Important Thanim.miii ,I MITCHELL&BLAKEMOREExclusive Agency for the NettSeton Fine Shoe.iiHttHMMttHtttMMttH8tMmMfOtttmmtlMAYOR HINTON DECLINES TOMAKE MAYORALTY RACE,,PARIS, KY.. Jan. 25, 1917.Editor of THE BOURBON NEWS.Paris. KyDear Sir:The recent call in your columnasKing me to become a candidate loruie jjeuiucraLii: iiumiiuiLruu iui auuyu.has been read by .me with carefulconsideration and with much pleasureIt has led me to believe that the pol-icies adopted during my administra-tion have met with the approval ofthose to whom I am indebted for thehonor of having been permitted to fil'the highest office within the gitt ofthe (people of this city for the eightyears now coming to a close. This 'compliment is to me a source of great jgratification, coming as it does from tcitizens of any native town in whic.t 'tiiir u'linla l?fe line hoon cnonf nil.1where mv faithful friends have so ot'; """' "'- """ v"-" ,.w, ...ten honored me with public oflice.both in city and in county. When Irecall the five terms as Mayor andseveral terms pj Councilman, andthree terms 1:1 the State Legislature.together with freauent "offices withinwho have thus honored me and havemade it possible for me to say I havenever been denied any omce to wnicnI have aspired.I am deeply grateful for all the loyalty of my friends and for this renewmy party which I have been permit- &h;0 with the legal firm of Veirmillion,'f"as' f araDDas jvicwenry, teacher mted to fill, it may seem that 1 ought Evans & Carey, in Wichita, succeed t the Frankfort School; Samuel Throck -nnhto refuse the renuest of those ,;, t h,o intorocf in Hip firm fnrmpriv morton; alentine Cook; Harry Taul-ed expression of confidence and good'of the Paris High School and of Ceuwill, all of which I have striven to dp -serve through conscientious service,for the upbuilding and betterment orfiric nnfi TCnnrh.iii Cnuntv. Their in-terests I have always considered,,identical with ray own, and have endeavored at all times to give to thesupervision of my duties as Mayorthe same care and attention that Iwould devote to my own personal affairs. By watchfulness as Mayor and guardian of the city's resources with thefaithful co-operation of my associatesin office as well as tihe efficiency ofmy predecessor and others before him.wfi have been able to point withnrwio tn tVio jrmwtli nf Paris into thebest city of its size in our State.By a conservative expenditure ofhip rpsmirpps at. our disoosal we havebeen able to accomplish this withouta large burdensoime debt and havebeen able besides to materially reduce tihe city's bonded debt.It has ever been my policy to provide Gvcrv advantage and improvement for the city consistent with good1 business judgment, and to accomplish5 this has meant no little burden of re -sponsibility, and sacrifice of time anajfeei that a special session ot cne ieg-thonglit, all of which has been cheerfully tgiven in return for the conndence Dlaced in me.wa,i t -l1- o1io tlio nhli rattan -t1 owe this community for the many'honors that have been conferred onm6. yet I feel that at my age, afterr Inner 9. nubile service I.afcn. en-w - c mt ' - .;Mpr to a. much coveted rest from te,:LaaiftiiHe or tae .propoMKm 01 taoi a nP U. mrA T nmt daclinftn.Aw..ir 1'wisiixroTrtrProtect Your Health and YouWill Have Both.DLOFOLDUNDERWEARthe kind that is not too heavy, but is made with alight layer of cotton next to the skin and anotherlayer of fine woven Australian wool on the outside, which does not scratch and irritate the skin,but prevents the cold from penetrating through thegarment. It does not leave a damp moisture between the skin and the undergarments. This isone of the principal causes of colds. The bodybecomes chilled from the moisture and many deepcolds and cases of grippe start in this way. WearDuofold , Health Underwear, the only safeguardagainst sickness. We have all sizes, both in unionsuits and two-piece garments. $3.50 and $4.00.to become p rindiJate for the nonii-nation for the oflice of Mayor.You may ha c assurance of mycontinued, d ?v n tcrest in the welfareot tne city s every interest anu 1 amsure that the -oters of Paris can anlwin at tne proper time seiect tor mysouat conservative basis that hasbrought to uer through Uie years asubstantial giowtn and an enviablereputation for careful managementand safetv for all interests,with my heartfelt thanks for tiumany considerations I have enjoyed attiie hands of my fellow citizens, I remainFaithfully tlieirs.J. T. HINTON.FORMER PARISIAN "GOES UP.""Letters to Paris relatives from Mr.iw" iitbinn T.iiifrnn fnrmpriv mParis, who lias for several years beenconnected with the legal department ofthe ;iiSSOuri, Kansas & Texas Rail-loatf at parsons, Kansas, and latewith a iegai ni.(m jn Wichita. Kansas.c!?,tori hp hswi fnrtmpd nartim-uuuueaffoi ti man nuusc juugmem. aim m me snape ot an oiu arithmetic pubinterest shall be such as to insure lished in Paris in 1817, which recentlythat Paris shall continue on the same eamR intn hi nnccocdnn t ; ia-0W1iea by the heirs of the late Gov. W..mi"; Secretary of State James Blythe;mgB stanlevMr. Lilleston, who is a son of tlvlate Mr. and Mrs. S. Lilleston, orParis, will take his place with thofirm on February 1. He is a graduate'tre College, at Danville. He nas worhis spurs since going to tne wnu anuoolly West, and his many menus inT nris are extremely clad to learn c,ihis success, and wish him a prosperoustime in his new relations.CLARK COUNTY PEOPLEOPPOSE SPECIAL SESSIONPitizpns and .taxpayers of Clark 1county at a meeting held in Winchester, Tuesday, for the purpose of dis-CUSSlllS U1C ".cukuviiy -chairman S hIT Thompson secre--anni- olopfpM , K. I lOCKTeiltnn' Thp chairman aoDolnted S. TPrewitt, Dr. C. G. Stephenson, T. L.Hampton, E. B. Dooley and George G.Prp.witt as members cf a committerwhich drafted Uie following messagewhich was sent to Gov. A. O. Stanley:"It is rumored that a special ses" .cdiieu tu -juaiucSSSSSSST'S csSnare unjust and detrimental to the ag- r,lricultural interests of the State. We.mi'au'islature for the purpose of amendingour tax laws is unnecessary amishould not be called."A mass meeting of the citizens orScott county will be held to-morrow aftomnnn at 2 o'clock , at the courthouse for the purpose of discussing thequeauon. oi, an, CHM-.KWIW. ui. invam. ao wtnwmcmm ot ooa 1 mitum, MMT. x. ....im . ihAA.j . u m . 'a. w . . .HOrYoor MoneyOKLAHOMIAN HAS OLD -V-BOOK PUBLISHED IN PARIS..In a letter written to Postmaster i.Walter Payne, Mr. J. T. Acre of Can-ton, Oklahoma, a former resident otiventucKy, tells of an interesting relicMr. Acre says"Canton, Okla., Jan. 21, 1917."Postmaster, Paris, Ky."Dear Sir: I have in my .possessionon arithmetic that was (made in Parid,Kentucky, January 14, in the year1817, and was purchased by LeonanlAcre n 1820, and which has been iiithe Acre family ever since. There isnot a leaf .missing, and tjhe old book iain a remarkably fine state of preservation. "Jessie Guthrie was the author ofthe book, which was then in its fourthcorrected edition. It was printed.bound, published and sold in Paris.y." by tne Rev- Jonn Lyle- to thede("cation of the book the work is rec-ommended by Governor ChristopherCtreSlup; James Mcore, President oftcne Transylvania University; AndrewSteele, B. A., late Professor of Lan-liobert H. BishoD: Ebenezer Sharu.'r or t uTa Psuages.uuauYBiuwuB uuswu wofor, sale- , However, I think this Is the"UI w "10lue VUI ,m "-ence, a&J ; " tu:rll0?B: "r"1 Ul T:, 2;n wv; " JjT" tt?ZZ5i, ,, -ww uwa. wu.u" "Yours Truly,J. T. ACRE, Canton, Okla."Mr. Payne ,turned the letter over ttTHE NEWS in hope that its publication might be tihe means of the rela-(tives of the parties named in the oldbook getting into communication withMr. Acre.Rev. John Lyle in 1806 conductedthe Bourbon Academy, a school foryoung women in Paris, connected TvithlnV TirntVinr Tnol T? .irlo -n-V. .! "'""""' w- w -"J i, n XlJ ltCl"- .b J -. JEPof the Western Citizen, now a partot the Kentuckian-Citizen, of Paris.The school was conducted in thehouse that has long been the residence of the late Mr. N. B. Rioa.one of the prominent pioneer citizens of Pans in those days. The oIwvnlr XTt A siYn -vs?"t v m..Y. 1-iern rjjtlzen -hich was njen onse or the .n.on Mata..wi. vrUf,v& tJ WIW fXXUCJ UALARM OF FIRE.An alarm from Box 21 early yaatarday morning- called the firs .4artment to the residence of Mrs. MDm-laid, on Higgins avrntae. Tkay oMvrt-ad ratamM nmm- wHvtn actios. -' "drm-tlM tUt.FRIDAY, JANUARY M, ltl7.PAGE TWOTHE BOURBON NEWS, PARIS, KY..ItIiii i!COST OF DISTRIBUTION.bear thd expense. It is added to tbrtcost of living, in other words, as itIf there were serine way to reduce the should be. But it is a waste, just thTKc -rmVirfcri Naxatc Uie fdTantse o dealing with th.rA IlC DOUiDOn JLlfWS jmerchants near one's home. Theyutablifihed 1881 35 Years of Con. can't afford to sell goods tihat are nottlnuous Publication. as represented. A sale made under a cost ot aistriDuuon as mere ougut to same, and if there were some way- misunderstanding or false impression be the cost of living would not be prevent it the cost of living would notPublished Every Tuesday and Friday. is left handed advertising of the worst nearly so great For, in the final be so excessive as it is daily becoming.One Year $2.00 Six Months.. 51.00 kin(i. The success of the luftne mer- analysis, it is tlhis same cost that isPayable in Advance.! chant is dependent unon selling coo Is responsible for most of the complaints'for just'what they are.SWIFT CHAMP, Editor and Owner.lEntered at the Paris, Kentucky,Railroad Safety.which one hears.For illustration, there goes a heavytruck to the station. Upon it is aboutfifty pounds -of freight a small boxSecond Class.)In "A Daughter of the Gods," the$1,000,000 spectacle in whicih WilliaiL.Fox has featured Annette Kellerman.irg Us impression in the raihoad ofii- chant has ordered from a wholesale Uhe attraction at the Lexington OperaPostoffice as Mail Matter of the1. .e balelv irst campaign is man- containing something a country merANNETTE KELLERMAN ATLEXINGTON OPERA HOUSEces. Formerly the advertising agents house In addition to the driver of theAny erroneous reflection upon the u.sed to tollJ about.fine scenery, luxa- truck there sits an extra man oh thecharacter, standing or reputation of ri3US cars fast trains- w tney ar- seat to do the unloading when theay person, firm or corporation which beginning to realize taiat safety first is statIon is reached.may appear in the columns of THE mighty good publicity. iBOURBON NEWS will be gladly cor-1 The Union Pacific Railroad recently, The contents of the box are worthreted if brought to attention of the published its annual report It was perhaps five dollars. That is what iteditor. 'able to show that it carried 8,951,374 cost the wholesaler. The cost of get-passengers during its last fiscal year. ,ting it ta the depot will be about fourJ And it didn't kill a single one. This vs dollars, figuring the wear and tear andt splendid advertising. the cost of the gasoline and the wagesEDITORIAL MUSINGS. ! The average American is a reckless of the men in charge of the truck.. person. He dislikes to seem timid. Perhaps when it reaches its destina-' iBut afterward, he thinks it over, anu'tion on the railroad, the same processt concludes that he won't take such will take place, and another heavy col.risks again. be encountered... . . r 4 f , e ,.f ! The chances of railroad accident an-j It is an exception. The wholesale5his is t,he first of a series of etlitn- nnf h,i ui t1lA wnrt ThPv npvnr ,io. !, .. , , ....., ..Vw vx. w ...w . v Uw. . -..wt --w -w. ..- . lirillSM iru iir; V SifJIIIlSi II Wlllllf ll'llf'U,ter people frqm going where they wani.load of goous 0 the depot. And stillBut take a (man setting out on ajit is such an exception as one seesThe Problems of Retail Trade.House, January 29-30-31 with matineeTuesday and Wednesday, its creatorand financial sponsor has eclipsed anything ever attempted in the field ofmotion pictures. Mr. Fox has stoppedat nothing in his ambition to outdoall others in the poetic, tihe beautifuliyspectacular and the artistic.Reasoning that all is possible to hinwho would try, he took over an entire trqpical island and from an aridspot created a city of thousands ofresidents, which he governed as supreme sovereign by cable from hisoffices in New York City. Never feazed by what another would seem unsurmcuntable, physical obstacles, hediverted a river from its course andrazed hills to the level of a plain.Earthquakes, hurricanes and floodsplayed their havoc for a time, but tchis credit it must be said that, neverdaunted, he conjtinued on and final!:--i I ft 1 IHHH4IHI M II I '!'! 1111 11 1 1 1 1 1 11"M"WIM iSole Agency jSTACY - ADAMSSHOES I$7-o and $7-50.rials on the above subjects.This is a period when many people 0vmr fri "lnnnnMnrPC rnHinr tTirin frir I , . . ...... . ,v.. - u-i'i - ..i-w, . ..-..- . ..--. . . . irtiirrioi' nnn n vp mm i nnmeo ii i vi i . i ,. i . i .... O.rab.e values. If an article looks at l" ' r a "d . It me !J" ?. "Z l .Z. ! T .SSLFLSZ? "'uactive, mauj people win du il, teii over a road with a clean accident rec-L-, WJ1im nf tho innni tnrn nuiWn.- dustrv as the Dost-hich achievement.V-A J MJJV"W V. AftV --. ,v v.v .a.0 r m. -Miss Kellerman, too, accomplishedprodigies in the water and some of thfscenes, full of actual peril from highsurfing seas and treacherous rock, arcfull of thrills as well as enduringbeauty. (adv)$4" f hnii j-k inlcrmint oiwl tno t2TtVl "... .. .. .... - .I LZZ" tCnf t "in iZt X; r 'ord' tne 0Uiei 0Ver a ,ine Uial llaS ,laa trips with small loads. You can findpeople warn thorn it will not gne dur 1(lisasters Nine out of teilf perhaps fUyo .men'mittinir in several hours doable wear. As durable goads are oft-n Der cent will cy,ODSe the roa(1 with thl. '.men PutunS m seveiai nours ue,.,. . , ..!:!. i ,pLr cent- H1 cnoose uie roau wun im. ,i1Veniig a package that isn t worli'i aJJtL styiisii. iinu as auii&u jiuuuo iir-oiten not durable, Uie merchant isgood record. Iilollnr. Rut it. is all fiiriirerl in nvp.rlinarlSafetv is snmethinc tho railroad I i n. ,.i r ,i 1EK4 deal ,.uzzlPd as to which quality magnate8 ,hould wori on every .,,.,"'"- " " '"'" "' " ",u"iie nublic really values tne mor-shighly.Take Advantage of These Pricesand Save Money.HARRY LINVILLE! ! ! ! 4" 'H ! fr ! ! ! ! -I' ! !' ! ! '! '! aI 'I I' ! 'I ! ! ! ! 'I' I"I ! ! 'I I ! I' 'I"I' !' !jute. A veteran railroad man wisneakinjr the other dav about a ccrThere are probably not so many good jtain road Uml nas a g00(1 rcconlf j.judges of the value of fabrics as though not notaoie for fast trains or!; in former years. The old timers, even 'jnous service. He was asked ho,in making a small purchase, scrnU:'-this lme kept un its safety standarl.ized it very carefully, and deliberate I j Well . he said .., tllink iL.s becaus- Ithoughtfully, often asked advice o. the head anen arc out on the Iine allneighbors and friends. To-day in the time They let their subordinatesthought that used to go into the mat han(jie business details, and they livter of wear is devoted to the questio i in cabs ami cabooses, and hang around iof style or fiL 'switches and junctions. They kno vModem science has developed many every Doot ot- track and every man 011methods of .making cheap goous aj, lhe road jf tnere is ioose work-par attractive, une jnercnani a ' inR on. thev know it. Thethe other day that though he had bee-' .man gets a stiff cailti0n or is dropped.in business 20 years, he was trequentl ;Xo wheel cliair superintendent canunable to detect tdie presence of pooi beat that kind of operation.' j-asaterial, so cleverly it is concealed. 3)! It is wortl) good money to a ro:lti lohe had to ask the salesman what Uip Jmake this kind of recor(i. u can affordScods were made of, and had to de . pav very high for rigi(lr intelligent jpond on their honesty, as evidence! Supervision of this kind. !ojy past dealings and the record of th- tbouses they represent. If an experi j ,enced dealer is thus sometimes de- GNE DOSE RELIEVES&"heedlesooaived by clever imitations, tlie gen-aral public is even less able to buy oi5ajj nwn iudnnient ahme. !So the public depends more thanever on the honesty of the men wit's-s?3ibm it is dealing. Here conies iiA COLD NO QUININEPape's Cold Compound'' Ends BadColds or Grippe in a FewHours.To StoopIf You Use aGARLANDCabinet RangeRelief comes instantly.A dose taken every two hours unt' ithree doses are taken will end grippe'. , 'misery and break up a severe coldjlOvl Don t Jjavc(iither in tlie head- ciiest d' o,inmus.It promptly opens clogged-up nostrils and air passages in the headstops nasty discharge or nose runining. relieves sick headache, dullness,feverishr.ess. sore throat, sneezing,soreness and stiffness. ,! Don't stay stuffed-up! Quit blowing'and snuffling! Ease your tdirobbinghead! Nothing else in the worldgives such relief as "Pape's Co:d! Compound," which costs onlj 25 cents '! at any drug store. It acts withomassistance, tastes nice, causes no in'convenience. Be sure you get" tl e'genuine. (adv)'MOVEMENT TO REVIVETHE MAYSVILLE FAIjA movement has been started at jMaysville to revive tin old-time couniyi, fairs that were so successful several jj ears ago. Since th fair grounds were jIsold for manufacturing purposes theonly place available is the twenty-'two-acre race track on the southern.edge of the city in the east end, andthe plan is to rent it for five yearsI with the privilege of buying. It is plan-,ned to erect a splendid amphitheate"and build a race course. If this imp.-;through the fair will be hold the latterpart of this summerA beautiful line of Garlands on dteplay. Come In and look them over.ParisGas & Electric Co.tv''k Coning sureTsj;' ':''WELL, that snowstorm's coming (orthat snow storm'shere) and you'd better get4 in that ton of coal your fur-r nace is yearning for. ThereI is only one way to get com-fort in the winter time" buy it by the ton.VTHE GIST OF IT."Last December I had a very severscold and was nearly down sick in bed.1 bought two bottles of Chaanberlain'sCough Remedy and it was only a veryfew days until I was restored tohealth," writes 0. J. Metcalf, Weatherby, Mo. If you would know the valueof this remedy, ask any one who hasused it. Obtainable everywhere.(adv-jan)GIVE wompn vrn-P rdvam iTELLS OHIO LEGISLATOR?William J. Bryan urged Ohio Legislators in joint sessi-on at Columbus,O., to extend presidential suffrage :.iwomen."Let no Democrat question the capacity of women for suffrage, for iwas the women who elected PresidentWilson last fall, when the fnien wounlhave defeated him," Bryan said, addressing his remarks to the llpmnjjcratic majority. Two bills grantingomen presidential suffrage are pending in the Ohio General Assembly.Bryan also urged anti-liquor legislation and warned the lawmakersagainst compulsory military training.FOX RIDGEHot StuffFW: e. D0DS0NPAINFUL COUGHS RELIEVED.Dr. King's New Discovery is a soothing, healing remedy for coughs, and'colds that has stood the test of nearly ififty years. For that cough that strains Ithe throsu, --id saps the vitality, trvDr. King's Hew Discovery. The soothing pine bfisanis and mild laxative ingredient toon drive the cold from thesystejn. Hira a bottle on hand forwinter coldi, croup, grippe and bronchial affectlona. At your Druggist 50c.(adv-jfn)A SouthernGentlemanIs PopularEverywhere wwStMBwkJust think this over a minute. How manyfriends have you? Not the fellows whoborrow from ycu I mean the chaps whowill fight for you! Fellows who believein you who stick by you through thickand thin. You can count them on onehand, can't you? But listen to this. Ihave several million down South here.And why? Because Tve been on the level.I've played fair. I've never lied to myfriends, nor cheated them, nor doublecrossed them, nor held out on them.They know me by my right name SOVEREIGN. A true gentleman of the South,born and bred of the real Southern stock.I mingle the blood of Virginia and Carolina the best in the world the choicest,sweetest, ripest, smoothest tobacco youever smoked.'ou Folks of the South KNOW Good Mood!You Folks of the South KNOW Good tobacco!I have friends down South, and I keep them because quality does tell. And it meansa whole lot when I say:I am gwrarteedby uue -Buy me.If you dosa'l like sne return Hie to your dealer and gets your money baeko 2 have said it. A Southern gentleman is knownthe world over for keeping his vord, and I have given you mine.fts iifc ran iw alii trg. xrfssk, gfe &Mm.m4!CigarettesFOR THE GENTLEMAN OF THESOUTHf - "JGva of Vfo&m, UV" .. ' T-i-ft t .wf&t,FRIDAY, JANUARY 26, 1917.THE BOURBON NEWS, PARIS, KY.PAGETHMEH5vCold Sores andFevef BlistersSOCIAL AND PERSONAL.Comings and Goings of OurPeople Here, There andElsewhere.are only outward manifestations of theinflammation of the mucous surfacethat lines the lungs, the stomach andall the digestive tract, but they giveyou evidence of how sore a membranemay become as a result of inflammation, which is stagnation of the blood,rightfully called acute catarrn.If you suffer from such conditions don't let them becomechronic, don't run the risk of systemic catarrh.Clear it Up With PERUNAWhen your system is cleared of all its poisons, the membranes soothedand healed, the cold gone and your digestion restored, you will enjoy life, feelequal to all its tasks, and be at peace with the world. Let Peruna do for youwhat it did lor tins sunerer:KMrs. L. A. Patterson, 238 Utah Avenue, Memphis, Tenn. says :" I have been a friend of Peruna for many years. I have used it off and on for catarrhalcomplaints and found it a very excellent remedy. I have a small family of children, limesare hard with us. but lean scarcely afford to do without Peruna. especially during theseason of the year when coughs and colds are prevalent. We always reccommend Perunato our neighbors, for the benefit it has been to us."You needn't suffer longer with such a remedy at hand.I OT rOliUUPCKlCkSCOlOS.CAUUnAlPeruna can be obtained in tablet form.You can carry it with you and take it sys-."-! """""" 1"' I - 11 I 1 1.- C -,A,r -.-ciiiAicsocKinraATCraiiRiS'jisiD I lemaucaiiy ana regumny iui a icmcu;,DiRttTiONS .--. :--. 1 a8 needed for a preventive. Get a box today.The Peruna Company, Columbus, OhioMfcjtvuliiipfCwarsT fruato JJrnccou us, (ttxnrvrwu;fegfr "Tv'vpMrs. Ernest Martin i? n inipst rr(relatives in Mercer county.1 Mrs. Marcaret Mitchell is nt lmmfrom an extended visit to friends inLexington.Mr. Omar Mvers. nf Pnris lms re! turned frona visit to friends and relaI florae in 7VToircri11rI 11 VO ill lUUJOflllU.Miss Margaret Clancey, of Lexington, is a guest of her siter, Miss StellaClancey, in this city.--Mrs. Dora B. Livingston, of nearPaHs, has moved to Chattanooga,Tenn., to reside in the future.Mr. Lee Price has recovered froman attack of grippe, which kept himconfined to his home for several days.Mrs. H. J. Grosolie, who has beenvery ill at her home on Seventh streetfor' several days, is somewhat improved.j Mrs. James H. Thompson, MrsjCatesby Woodford and Miss Kate Aliexander were visitors in Lexington,this week.Mrs. Laura Estil'i Francis and Mrs.' Lavinia Estill Francis Chenault Cun, nighaim, etc., have returned from avisit in Richmond.j Mr. and Mrs. J. Elmer Boardman,!ol the Little Rock vicinity, are entertaining Miss Mary B-oyd, of Carlisle,!as a house guest. II Mr. Brutus J. Clay and daughter,I Mrs. Wherrit Howard, of near Paris,visited relatives in Richond and Madison county tjhis weekM VX Kib.C rVf Ve wmx tr:KzavWiOf uaWCineGrahamCracker withthe Delicious TasteN B. C. Graham Crackers are incomparably the finestflavored of graham crackers. Thanks to our careiul selection of grain and thorough preparation, we get just toeright proportion of elements to make a wholesome biscuitand one that is the most palatable and appetizing of its kind.Try N B. C. Graham Crackers for their delicious nut-likeflavor and flaky crispness. Use them regularly at meals andbetween meals, because they are as digestible as they arenourishing.Sc and 10c PackagesNATIONAL BISCUIT COMPANYE. H. von Schaick. Lieutenant Geo. Wilhelm von Brmcken and C. C. mjss Etihel Jones, of the Home1 iUNUSUAL PRECEDENT IN .Crowley, a war-time secret agent, r( Telephone Exchange at Millersburg BRANDS EXTRAVAGANCE GIRLS! HAVE A MASSPRISON SENTENCE AND FINE ceived like sentences. ihas returned to her duties there after 1 OF AMERICAN PEOPLE., 0F BEAUTIFUL HAIRMrs. Margaret W. Cornell. Crow- a visit to Mrs Mareraret Mitchell, ini. . . i . :.... .-..... ili..'f" C"kTT"l-Tl T-1 " I'lV'.'ll I'lllll'lll- . .v -..- -it-'"i-v t .. .... , lev a scl.i wLtii v ,? cw -. , w.. ww-w..AAN rUA.lVltJVjUi ooiiuaij u. . . ....this cityProfligacy and extravagance of theSOFT, GLOSSY, WAVYCISCO January 95 ,fcry & auuciaij, uo foin ww-. hjS city. ii'B. aiiu c.uuiuoun.t v.me in the historv ot the rent Prison and 3ail sentences of one I Mr Louis wollstein left yesterday American people in pursuing pii foreien Consul-Geii-:?ear and one day and o' one year for kittle Rock, for a visit to Mr. and were condemned in the SeneasureSenate at 25-Cent Bottle Destroys Dandruff andnnni.nn Wnehinctnn hv Rpnntnr Mpfnmher. of nnnhloe Rointu nf Vnur Mirin tliis pniintrv. was "RUUUV' -. Mrs. Udviu uauuruuu. .ui. oainaun " '""o" v . . ' - , ww--- wv.u . . . .......: . : ,, ,- I Bonn and the four others were coii-'1inR hppn vprv in foI. several davs. and North Dakota, in opposing proposalsr violation of Ameil,1 victed by a Fe(leral Jur' January 11 oL y , ave to umiergo an operation to-,fcr MUU1UUU OL viui-iOi .::. vinlnla Ainor ran nnn-' J 1 14Mrs. David Bachrach. Mrconspiring lu viuiu.it; iicnv.aii -- ijnorrowFor the first time. ", ", ZT"ZZ" ,Z:Zlv ..,o without fineserui Ul UCI lliail.v ill tiiio v-uum-ij, .sentenced Mondayanent of a fine foran neuiraiitj. 'ouf,. uv cattinrr nfonf militarv enj&rssz s: jssis sfsssssi t zzPonn tr, twn vpirq in tho Fedeial nris- iiiuiij tu ui v.uiHitub w ..w.w . .jaiprovemeni aiier-uniess are iwuuiiui- y v,wV,twW ... Wlll pieusu juu nrj&i win ue unciopp to uo earb m uic j1"1 i"' i sheiTOail iaw w dynamiting munition inoU wnnrls. of -Riehth street: liquor, tobacco, automobiles and other few WGGks' se. wiien vou see neine venr in the Wrty jail ami "P5- , r " , . , 'Mrs. Frank P. Kiser, of Houston Ave-j amusements." .hair nne and downy "at first-yes- all.occoccol in if?PTPr;itP fine Of S10 00) Allu "lou JO " """"?' " ...---- - nue .ur. ... u. L-jveii, ui ncuucisuu me reveuj 111 UAiiava,ain uau- uuu icaii) nc mm feiuius an u.jif!!1 ?,??? "!i Ton ;. except Mrs. Cornell, received the'treeL its." he said ."this unquenchable dc- the scalp.dbdiiibi mui, uie jywau aim j :.., nrison. sentence. The sec- atv T. M Mpnrlrioks nnil Mrs. tnnml. fnr jimiiso-mpntK. fnr rontiniinii:: I A HfMo Dnnflerine hnmeclialelv""" -" w. ....- .,,.. -v., w. ...UUU...U...W, -w. j .- ..- -.-'our hair. Nofor ill fllbarKO Oil fOOd nrodllCtS. The Wrjfl,?,, ton minute nftor nn nnnli.lliell COSt Of living, lie Said, Was largO- raHnn nf nnnrtprinp vnn onn tint find nAmr.ncT f,ho elm Mn -nf tlio. nnt'lV UUe VO AimeriCan extravagance, Clt- cimrlp tmop nf flnm-lmff nr fnllinc- linl?week, who Vre showing slight signs o , ing figures to show that Americans and your scalp will not itcju but wnatijniprovement after' iilness are Counci'-spenL $o,vvv,vvv,vvv unnu.iuy iui win piease you most will be after 0NEWS MOM THE BOIKI.' '"Corpus Christi. Tex., y,Jan. "18, 1917. r"DEAR NEWS:. ' i"Well, we are still here, anI;present prospects point to a con- ,tinuance of the same predica-ment. The only reason I cangive for keeping us here is purecussed meanness. ' We are aboutone hundred and sixty miles'from the border (for which weare thankful), which is too farfor us to be any protection tothe towns that any" bandits,would be likely to attack. Our r -ammunitionhas been collectedand stored for about two or' vthree months; we are not getting any more target practice;so I can think of no reason butthe one above that will explainwhy we are here."The extreme inclemency ofrthe weather for the past week'has been the cause of us gettinga much-needed rest. We havea new insoector-instructor whoi must have a conscience as big asa oarrei, juugmg irom ine wayhe has been working us for amonth close order drill, hike, .maneuver, some problem to beworked out, forced march atattention for two miles, privateschool, and non-commisionedomcer s scnooi constitute a .day's work now. Ill swear itis as hard as getting out andLdoing a day's work in civil life.Don'i never join the Federalizedmilitia expecting to get an outdoor vacation 'there ain't nosuch animal.' Besides all that,we nearly freeze of a night.There is positively no differencein the corners of a tent as far astemperature is concerned. Iknow because I have tried eraTTin ooncurrentlv ( maximum prison sentence, ine bUL- Irs. L. N. Hendricks and Mrs. pnaiuL for amusements, for continuous j A little DandermeTWn of RnnnViiri? Vioo Ponsul oml is a misdemeanor, and the do- MaU(le Davis, of Lexington, are spend- mental intoxicants is undermining the -doubles the beauty of yinree 01 opii aiu, wv,c v.u , fcnaants, exce,pt Mrs. Cornell, receiv- ing the winter at Daytona Beach, Flor- sturdiness of our younger generation j difference how dull, fadet - ed the imaximum sentence. Mrs. Cor- i(ja? .j jr ami jrs James L. Wil- The American people seem obsessed 'just moisten a cloth wit..11 .r.nn-nnA til a ((C fillP I B T S ml... ..: n Mnnrlr I. ..Sl. U 1.1 !. !. , S n V,i-nrr i m .1 P..1I.. .1 .. ... ?MOTHERHOOD- WOMAN'S JOYnell escaped the $5,000 fine. CO of Paris. They write to friendsJudge Hunt gave the defense 30 days J Jn Paris tliat they are having a deto perfect an appeal to the United. ugtful visit, and sent their sympathy'States Circuit Court of Appeals, and to parjs friends during the recentlie fixed bail for Bopp and von Schaicx SI10wbound period. They are .makingat $10,000. They had been free since a tour of the orange grove and fruitthe indictments were returned, last belt in piori(ia., Marcli, on their own recognizance, j (Otlier Personals on Page 5)'guaranteed by the German Jiamoassj. Irs Boone CJianslor, of nearr - , -mm ii The detense, it is saia, viu bulci iparis entertained a merry party ottyruobc'dUV'110 ,v' viiuuivoaWomen.Among the virtues of Lydia E. enterpriseT) !.! ' TTnrAfo Vvl a 0Tvirrtil 10 trioability to correct sterility in thecases of many women. This fact iswell established as evidenced by the"women to know what a blessing Lydia&. rinKnam s vege-the appeal upon the military enter- young people with a "Coasting Party"prise conspiracy conviction, setting up !recentiy. After coasting, games were,that Crowley's alleged plans 10 u a , enjoyed and a luncheon served at the, mite munitions ships and trains iii rjhanslor residence. The guests were:Canaxla did not constitute a "military Uiisses Sue Boardman, Mabel Soper.fjiflprl nnrl seraisAmprtVnn npnnlf ppm nhORRPi ' nnet mm'stpn n olntli wftili DnnHprinPwith the idea that the main thing in and carefully draw it through yoivlife is rtmusement, play, entertain- hair, taking one small strand at a time,ment." I The effect is Amazing your hair willAn embargo upon food, in view o" be light, fluffy and wavy, and have anpresent prices of farm labor and arti-i appearance of abundance; an incoircies used on the farm, in addition to ' parable lustre, softness and luxuriland values would be most unjust and ance.class discrimination he declared. Get a 25-cent bottle ot Knowlton'sDaderine from any drug store c.toilet counter, and prove that yourj hair is as pretty and soft as anyHave nut in mv annlinatinnfor a furlough home in March.Don't know for sure whether itwill go through or not, but I amhoping it will anyway."Well, give everybody my regards. ""Yours truly, ,"EARL CURTIS."WOMEN OF SEDENTARY HABITS.Women who get little exercise arelikelv to be troubled wiUi constinatioitand indigestion and will find Chajnber-MflNTRnMFRY P.niJNTY FARMRDIMriQ DCP.riRn PRir.P flint if hoc hnnn -nofrlonfofl rr ininroil' , , 84I uy careless ireatmeni. inai s an you lain s i auiets nigniy Denenciai. xsocUliansior resiueiice. in- guesis ncic. w. xioiuiiiu,ii vuuu, luui wSiuLw ugii' surely uau Jicivu ueuuuuu uu.ii uiiu iuisjHu guuu as u. tiiree or luur mim wath.Misses Sue Boardman, Mabel Soper. of Mt. Sterling, sold at .public auction j of it if you will just try a little Dan- every day, but very much better thanSallie Mae Banta, Lorena Thomason, , Monday for Sidney Johnson his farm ' derine. (adv) to allow the bowels to remain in aconstipaieu conuuion. iney are easyI UUIIH, A.J.lt .W...V., -w.w. , , , ...w.... j -w. . j -I Nancy Young, Christine Thomason, Lu- of 137 acres, on the Maysville pike, t.I . t -r-v ii T5J,1 r..tnr. I T TT TT t ,-V. 1 .. .1 i- ffllr Or nn .!..wlUUU. rulljlli nguco """I ... . j. iubuiuuu wiw yi-iu o w Uwiv, uiv...Minrnrill oTIICC)WUnucnruu oi-i . icinua l-'aLton, Agueb jvuiu, ruuui u. x.. xiifjuiauLIFT OUT YOUR COKM5J GalneSf oilie Hutchison, Nancy Chans-' highest pricei. - . It 1 r-..:n "lrv Ttnrr- i.. ir...l.. I-Myers & McClitock, of Paris, soil and pleasant to take and most agree-any farm ever sold for , a pair of coming three-year-old mules able in effect. Obtainable everywhere.in Montgomery county. to a Bourbon farmer, for $500. i (adv-jan)rTi n Je No hunibug: Any corn, neiu Young and Edward Clark. vtable Compouna nas , . et. n i,nf,T.on 1ia tnps. wil' l -? wu,. c o.n,f r ivirbeen to me. e loQsen right up and lift out without aA D Ballou and daughter, in Ver-I ?had always wanted ticle of pain Gr soreness. sailles. ' tababvin our home ., i . u,i T?..aD7nno nmi i n i, v - ine ujiib i& wu-iiww. x.iwwww.- ... Aheaia.rn"notPaWe L "' " FORMER PARIS .FAVORITE NOWAsk any drug store for a small . , Abotde tot F01 ?niU l?Snll The February issue of the Cosmo-,a trifle, but is sufficient to rid ones .- , Arr,o 0!1Mi mn. Tproved and I am now the mother of a "ffv Z'm l00sen and can is now creating a furore mwev-i oik, j?i!rfi!5?,S UrJ he lilteci off with the finger.. . JJ-7 the RevnVds SisterT?.Ti".rriffwr ' TQiis drug FreezonaoesnL eat out, ;:.T--- theparis GrandJUIUVUU UW . . ., 1, nnmc nf nt I inil MSi IlllL BU11TCIJin f i rti:i 1 itttirrnHiAtiHHfnl'iBreeze, Cletis Evas, A. Wilson, Wes , j,Shearer, Richard Hopkins, Jr., John ito do my work. Mymother and husband both urged meto try Lydia E.Pink-.lmond St., Poplar Bluff, Mo. fi,o mmc nr callouses but shrivelsIn many other homes, once cnuaiess, ; without even irritating the sur-Here are now ennaren Decause oi uie ;-,, Q,Mn2FSSK KBSJ5 JT-UI hi .ftnfirfnti1 and helnful. YOU. v '-iuumceneni!men demonstrated thevalue of the Long Distance Telephone to us.He was at Huntsville,Ala., and upon his ownresponsibility put inLong Distance calls for fifteen merchants within aradius of several hundred miles."In less thanrone hour he had sold 2100 barrelsof flour at a total cost to us of 'less than six dollars."Since then we have applied the Long DistanceBell Telephone to every feature of our business withmost profitable results. - The service is fine, therates are reasonable and there is more satisfactionin one Long Distance Telephone talk than in halfa dozen letters".CUMBERLAND TELEPHONEAND TELEGRAPH COMPANYnnAra House on several occasionswhpn tim house was under the management of Robert S. Porter. Theyspent several months here, residing or.Duncan Avenue. The sisters wereTCnth nn nifir.i. well-known to Paritheatre-goers during their residencehere. The oldest sister, Ruth, married Dr. John Sweeney, formerly oirarc -nnw bniiRR Dlwsician of thePalmer House, in Chicago. Theirmother married Karo Miller, leading1 man of the repertoire confpany playingjhere, Miss Marelynn Miller, the subject of the sketch being tneir cnuu.The Cosmopolitan says:"Miss Marelynn Miller has become apermanent fixture of the diverting entertainments at the Winter Garden in1 New York. 'The Show of Wonders, as'the latest production is called, puts'n,Q nWn hnrdp.n of its two big acts!upon the youthful dancer, who is now"One of our Sales- 'in her third year with the organiza-IUOI1. Oil- J in-.---. ..I j e v., NTrv. VnrV ;tnirp.UtJIS UL til- lien a.w..w w-cOneExperienceConvinced Meof its ValueON DECEMBER 1stThe business of Prichard & Ballwas taken over byPARIS TESTIMONY.Home Proof, Here, There and Everywhere.csBALLJ-if4whpn vou see Doan's Kidney Pillsrecommended in. this paper you mostalways find the recomraender a Pari-;niAar,t Tt.'s the same evenvhere1 CwlUw U.W -- - -, I? oonn towns in tne u. a. runythousand ipeople publicly thank Doan's.-ii7n,,f ntimr vifinfiv remeav can kivti-e r.rrnf nf merit, honesty and truth?Home testimony must be true or itcould not ne puonsneu uwe. iuiu.,t i, oor.mmpnflation. Then insist onhaving Doan's. Tou will know whatPhillip M. Heller, proprietor meat,.irt 790 Main street. Paris, says:"I have used Doan's Kidney Pills a Ifew times in the past and nave oeen.! vionpfltp.fi bv tiiem. Sometimesmy back has been, weak and lame andthe kidney secretions have passed toornnontiv rniisine: me uj get uu oilu,-v.f t Vmvp used a box of Doan'sKidney Pills at these times and theyhave always rid me oi me cuiuyiaint.-r i,.,,r0 fkitiir that thev are a splendid medicine and gladly recommend-them." ....Price 50 cents at all dealers, uonisimply ask ,fbr a kidney remedygetwho will conduct said business in thefuture. All parties knowing themselves indebted to the above firm willPlease Call and Settle !XTX' 'PRICHARD &B ALLCorner Fourth and Pleasant StreetsBoth Phones 66 PARIS, KENTUCKY-rv iijav -PiiiB thp same that T '3. LfUNCOrORAlED.lLHJU.UB) AIUUCJ a " --- nT i?V jf1 t ' Xe SSJfSSwTH. TTVw ? MnnuiirtniViliinfnifiiiMiiniiM,, iimihimmii,?BOX 122, FRANKFORT.-KY.-1H iI.- AGE FOURTHE BOURBON NEWS, PARIS, KY.FRIDAY, JANUARY 2, 111.SiIiu'.!fifii-iI4NOTED KENTUCKIAN TALKS 'ON "BIRDS IN THE WOODS." IPARIS BOWLING LEAGUE. rLITTLEJOHN TO VISIT "PROBLEMS OF THEI PARIS IN THE SPRING. RETAIL TRADE."The Curtis Henry team proved toolUnder the above caption The Eustis strong for their opponents, the Bour-I A letter from Mr. J. P. Littlejohn,' Under the heading of "EditorialLain Region, published at Eustis. bon Laundry teajm, in the gme played .proprietor of the Littlejohn Greater Musings" THE NEWS will, beginningITorida, by Mr. Clarence E. Woods, on the Fordham Alleys last Thursday Amusement Company, which has filled with the current issue, Friday, Januformerly of the Richmond Register', night, rolling up a total of 2,228 pins to engagements in Paris several yeais, ary 26, print a series of six editorialslias the following eulogistic reference the Laundry team's 2,147, a majority of states that his shows (have closed for dealing with the problems of the reto Dr. Hugh Johnson, formerly of 81 pins. 'the season at West Point, Georgia, tail trade as especially applied toParis, and now of Lexington and the Funk was the premier artist on the where they will reopen on March li towns the size of Paris. We realizeuntry at large. The triends of the firing line for the Laundry team, mak- for the new spring and summer season that the retail stores of a city areamiable "Dr." will be greatly surprised ing tfie high mark of 216, and also ot 1917. Most of the members of the'almong its most important institutions.lo learn of his oratorial accomplish 'captured second lioisors for the team i company will spend the remainder of The prosperity, success and comfort ofnents. The article follows: 'by rolling 195 in the second game. J the winter in the summer resorts of living of a town depends largely on"The most remarkable exhibition of For Curtis Henry & Co., Shankland .Florida and will rejoin tihe shows when the enterprise shown by the mer-ComingAttractionsPARIS GRAND AND ALAMOfvhnifi loam in r cunled with foren-' rolled 176 in the second game, for hign !they reopen in West Pointic ability ever seen here was the lect-' man, and Henry made a sure thing of In the letter Mr. Littlejohn expreudure on 'Birds In. the Woods" by Dr 'second .place with a score of 171 in.eu the greatest admiration for ParischanL and the aualitv of service thevrender. Many of our .people do nof jrealize all the difficulties the mer-chants have to contend with in offerWnrfi Tohnqon a noted Dhvsician for- the second game. The score follows: (and said every tima Kentucky wasnwriv nt Parlisle and Paris. Kentucky. CURTIS HENRY & CO. mentioned some one would be sure to ing this service. Ail account of someftp has traveled extensively through- l ' 'say, "Hope we get to fans, Ky., tin?out the West, and received great 'Lytle 157 121 155 season." lie said he hoped to be ableipraise for his services m the last wn-;iauiKner143 139 150 i to get a more convenient location inson campaign in Kansas, Wyoming and i Shankland 144 17G 153 Paris and that he hoped he would not the public, wUtah. As is well known, those States I Harper 130 157 134 be forced to take his shows outside . tides.eave big Wilson majorities, and the Henry 152 171 137 mQ city limits. Among theof the problems they ihave to meet,and a discussion of the relations existing between the retail store andwill be given in these ar-credit is freely divided between Di.Dr. Hugh Johnson, of Kentucky, andWm. Jennings Bryan, the. only othercampaigner wiho could hold a candle toDr. Johnson."The Doctor spoke for Wilson in thegreat Mormon. Tabernacle, which wasan unparalleled if not positively audacious exhibition of nerve. And yetUtah went just as Dr. Johnson predicted. "His lecture here on 'Birds In theWoods' brought to our city hundredsof visitors to hear this noted expert onthe feathered tribe. Frcrn the ordinarybarn yard biddie to the soaring American Eagle, not to omit the classic vulture of Florida that wears the lowlyname of buzzard, he displayed a knoAlWge that was amazing. His familial -itywith ornithology 'the science ofbirds,' was not to be wondered at whenhe exhibited his diplomas from theZoological Gardens of London, Pari.?and Cincinnati. When the AudubonSociety of Florida learned of Dr. Jolin--son'spresence in Eustis he was engaged to lecture in Jacksonville,-Tampa, Tallahassee, St. Petersburg,Key West, and Fort Myers. His lecture in Eustis created so much interestthat the youths of Uie vicinity instituted a Bird House Contest and in thpresence of 900 people, gold, silvfcr andpaper money prizes were awardedas shown in the accompnying illustration, and after the show Dr. Johnsonraffled off the houses and netted ahandsome sum for the youthful builders. "After his "Florida engagements arefilled. Dr. Johnson will leave for Galveston, Texas, to instruct the authorities how to educate the sea gulls,herons and other ocean fowl to destroy-the decaying fish along the sea-wailtfiat threatens at times the health ofthe residents-of that part Galveson."Total 649 714 784Curtis Henry Totals 222SLaundry Totals 2117Henry & Co.'s Majority SIThe Curtis Henry team came strongin the game at the Fordhaan AlleysTuesday night andi defeated the R. PWalsh team by a majority of 172 pins.Lytle, of the Henry & Co. team, madethe high score of the series, and stoodfirst man for his te.icai with 204 to hiscredit in the first game, and an average of 182 2-3 for the three games.Faulkner came second with 186 in thethird game. The Henry team piled upa total of 2,354 in the three games.For the Walsh team Duncan stood highman, with a score of 1S3 in the firstsubjects to be discussedThe Littlejohn Shows will always bf are the following: "Necessity of Unity738 , welcome visitors to Paris because they I Among Merchant;" "The Servicejare clean and! wholesome, and Mr. Lit Rendered By the Home Stores;" "The3 jtlejohn, a Southern born man, will not Problem of Returning Goods;" "The157 ( tolerate the least objectionable fea- Training of Salespeople;" "Attracting125 Mure to remain an hour with his shows. iTrade Frqm Distant Points," etc The139 Personally he is one of tihe (most relia- j ideas and information in theeanticles have been gleaned from personal talks and interviews with merchants who are representative business men in their respective lines, andthe retail merchant's noint o view isciven exuression. There will be!things said that the home merchantswill like for the purchasing public t'know. The value of the home store'.sservice will be emphasized. The public will find these ai tides to be ofvital interest.Total 726 764BOURBON LAUNDRY.1 2Jackson 167 147Neal 110 134Santen 72 105Unrein 145 133 147 ible and best-known men in his line ofFunk 155 195 216 ! business in the country, and stands forwhat is right and wholesome in theamusement line. Mr. Littlejohn statedthat the past season was one of theinosjt successful he had experienced inmany years, lie inas aaueu severalnew featuies that will beof great attractiveness. We'll wait for Little job uand we'll all go to the show!GLANCES.(Indianapolis News.)Wherever people come together theair is full of glances, and yet for themost part they are stolen, for the unwritten law in such cases is that oneperson shall not look openly into theeyes of another unless some mutualacquaintance has uttered the meaning-game, with an average of 157 for the. less but extraordinarily importantthree games. Huffman came Second VOrds of introduction. Perhaps it isfor his team with 170 in the secon-1 !because custom demands that amonggam,e'.Tloeo)Val?,h i?am r VP D strangers glances of shy appraisal ortotal of 2182 for the three games, lea-1, fa. . b . . .' "tninn !..ing the total 172 short of their oppo-,fik interest must be stolen thatnents. The score follows: they are so intense, so furtive, and, inCURTIS HENRY & CO. jthe main, so interesting. The princi1 2 3 ipal difficulty in learning about theaiLytle 204 lbb l rt from observation is, of course, that inFaulkner 124 147Shankland 167Harper 150Henry 15514714213612p order to observe one must of necessity15.1 1steal a few glances. What one canTotal745"ll ... J.-, n lKinr crlnnnn ic little llll fLi with practice it becomes greater, and800 'a skilled observer, used to think; quickly and to the point about what hesees, can see and learn .much withoutFire, wind and lightning insurance. Thomas, Woodford& Bryan.WANTED RAILROAD.I 111 LlUtl ViOi - V -' -W.W j -Efforts are being made to extend theft int f tbP Fair firoimds. on I Kenton o " .. . omlie,fr in ...... oh n nPrRnn ulio Iirooksvuie rauroau to Ait. unvet,a.i Knw - -- , 1nnM . 1S3 Inr. I'M ,1U lo "fc "ww , T .,,.,.,, ,. !, nl,r nninitv iQrttVi "Main ctrPPf Will lie COniDieteC I ""- -" ' - . ....,,! , nivon tlmo wuuciwju v-wuiilj, uiic whit v-umuj .kJUUMi. A..A w-ww.? m. i , I i V1 I I'l I 1 II LL !. UCIOUU. v.? . , , , , , , .- msHv f7in:nPpHnn about Januarv ;, , Mi .- tne State wunoiit any Kinu oi u ranand read roiynspection aoout jauuai pnouirh. the observed person will inc- , m. , , ifi !.15. and can be seen at the Deposit ic "-" ;. "" " "' .: .. ""T" i ,--; ". r i;cr n uau; .11C ,ia.w "r vJ ""', t i- mi. nmn,ic win iu. iienry c uo. ioiais ot viuimy uecuure wnauiyuo m u...to w iate(i tne mist weeK. owing to tnei-eOpieb MllK. lUICOC feiu - Air.ilcVi Trktnlc 01Rf , ..,! nnimn fnllourc n niliolf tlll'tl Of. !.,,... , ,,,-w,.. molr.-.in. fl, rnaik imnfic.cut into desirable and roomy acre; " " - 'cu.- A"-" ..,. - M -- m.a.j anw umaiu .w """"tlie neau. Stranger giuiiuca uuaa iuj sauie, unu liiu peupie liici oic iniir,Henry & Co. Majority 172 an mstant, and immediately both ;paiis to do almost anything to get a rail-nf eves scurrv lor cover, micuns is ioumixed team representing the no tjme tQ stop. -As likely as not both800R. P. WALSH.1. tT-.! i:o i rn nil . . . i.s ii-PLAT OF FAIR GROUNDS , nuiuiiaii a-j- uu "tmaKing a orazen nuisance vl uiiiismu.BUILDING SITE5.lDou&las 1:J) 148 12l In crowds, where it is easy to ob-T4ill IriR 14R lfil ! .... ., i? .i. :4 ';; t ;,, Ton ,-- serve wiuiout greai hsk oi ueieuuunFRIDAYLouise Lovely in"Grasp ofGreed"A Bluebird Feature.Edwin Stevens in"Time Clock Bomb"Eighth episode ofYellow Menace."'The'SATURDAY, JAN. 27.Virginia Pearson in"War Bride's Secret"A story of the present times. Producby the Fox Film Corporation.MONDAY.Dustin Farnum in"The Parson of Paramint"Famous Players. Helen Homes in"Ace High Loses." The eleventh episode of "A Lass of the Lumberlands.Hours-Alamo, 2 to 5:30; Paris Grand,7 to 1 0:30, Admission 5 and 1 Oc.B-4 riREInsure withW.O.HINTON &SON,AgtsSMALL BLAZE CAUSESSLIGHT DAMAGE.The residence of Mr. Boone Baldwin on Cypress street, was slightlydamaged hj fire Monday, caused hy anoverburdened grate, from which livecoals dropped oh the floor. The hlazescorched a rug and hurned a smallpart ot" the haseboard in the room.Tihe fire department responded to analarm frojn Box 33 and extinguishedthe blaze. The damage was veryslight.tracts and are to be placed on salejFebruary 3.. This is the most desirable tract ofland around Paris for suburban homes, jI and no doubt will find a ready sale to t paris Bowling League, journeyed to nGreOUS will betrav a curiosity starvBourbon people. Lexington, Wednesday night and met . f satisfaction. If both minds areFor full particulars call on the (iefeat by the Lexington team by a nfhnllt fhe same degree of respon-undersigned, 'margin of 73 pins. Those makinj f about Vf, Jlllf Ini Jnot toWILDER, CAYWOOD & GOREY. double centurv scores were Bivin. siveness, both persons will react to(10jan-tr) Paris, Ky. and Honaker, of the Lexington team, the situation at about tihe same tim".and Duncan, Jackson and Funk, of and again tnere win e a eia&u u.WHERE THE DIFFER- the Paris team. The high score men glances, this time followed by a reso-jENCE COMES IN. Bivins with 203 and 215, and Funk 21?, lute turn of the head. Seemingly th'Duncan 211, Jackson 214, Honaker incident is closed. Each has learned.A well-known Kentucky editor, (and 02. The score follows: something about the other and abouthe was as well-known in Pans as u: LEXINGTON i?.u" ,,:"! L,,rCn hoinp-.immi-iany other city in the State), was once i 2 3 himself- But' of CDUrse' bf ng lasked by a number of his patrons who Miller 161 1G0 13S being, neitherperson is quite satisfied ,had sent in many communications to Bivins 203 215 185, The observed being tne aggressor, w mhis ipaper, wfliy the same did not ap- payne 159 169 166 probably turn to some one else.pear in the paper. His answer was Honaker. 183 202 173 j But within the observed one a cuiithat "What you write is advertising; Hutchison 168 176 165 ous reaction has taken place. Mani-' what we want is news." It is some-1 ' festlv no one would stare, much lesstimes very aimcuit io uiciw uic uioLiii.-1 -ioiais oi zz snffUhe "DadciiJ 97fanJJialways feels himself a "buffer" between the knocks andhardships of the World and the helplessness of the child.This is all right while he lives but if something shouldhappen to the father, who will be the "buffer" then?87 1-2 per cent, of all estates left for administration consist only of Life Insurance how unwise for a man tothink that he is all sufficient in providing an estate forthose he loves.LIFE INSURANCE is the only sure way.The Northwestern Mutual Lite Insurance Go.R. F. CLENDENIN, Associate General AgentSuite 220 First Nat'l BanK Bldg. PARIS, KY.Uon between news and advertising.!PxVRlSTotals 790 822 958he caught staring, at an ordinary per-till . . .aaV AMJ"i nKMlf 4 li nmw. ir lmwocpr. hif thft n;iil i o son. inereiore, sumewieic auuuu l..on the head. ' Duncan 151 155 211 observed person there Is something inSome of the richest corporations, J Jackson 134 161 214 i teresting; perhaps something Avrong.great steel works, railroads, political Henry 138 199 141 Then automatically the observed per--parties, educational commissions, and Hadden 190 158 180 son classifies himself before the world.Lord knows what others, are sending iFunk 177 149 212 j If he js vajnt the glance of the ob-their plate matter out DroaacasL in uichope that the country publisher willaccept it and publish it "free-gratis-for-nothing"as news items, thus givingthem tiie benefit of a large amount offree advertising. All this stuff is carried (out) by us absolutely free, and ispromptly consigned to the cavernousdepths of a very capacious waste basket, from whence it is taken later onto a large able-bodied paper baler, andthat's the last of it. People who areable to pay can no longer put oversuch, a clear case of graft on the Kentucky country newspaper, as indicatedvery clearly by the decisive actiontaken at the recent meeting in Lexington.MflRGOLEN'SSPECIALSFor This Weekserver was (plain admiration. If he hasS ;;;. "'l " S done seething wrong which lies hcavPar!s upon his conscience, there can beI no doubt that the observer has heardLexington Majority 73 about it and must find out more, ift the observed person happens to be abride with a glittering new band ringacvcncjvcMin. on her finger.f she knows the observern,, nonnnnt nf th nmv hwu-n.in could 'have seen nothing else, and herand the severe weather of the past hand burns in proud appreciation, ifweek, which kept the country peoplealmost prisoners in their hdmes, andthe gas fajmine of the first part of theweek in Paris, there was probably lessbusiness done in Paris in that timethan for any similar period in thecity's history. Business for a timejwas practically at a standstill, and irwas almost impossible to issue a newspaper, too. Yet THE NEWS, whichhas never missed an issue in thethirty-six years of its existence, managed to get out a really readablej paper, considering the difficulties in .the way.the observed happens to be experiencing the first enthusiasm of a grandfather, he is positive that all the wondknows about it. The boy with his firstlong trousers, the girl witth her hairdone high for the first time, the manwith the new touring car and the woman who is two jumps ahead of fashion with the only dress like it in theState all of them know for certainthat the eves or the world are uponthem. And who can dispute it?ClearancePork Chopsper pound20c20cthousand subscription statements.! Some people called them "duns."About fifty per cent replied to them.The majority just mailed checkswithout -comment; some were insultedby being "dunned;" others claimedthat the statements were incorrect,and some of them were. We allmake mistakes. However, they werecheerfully corrected.We mailed these statements because the ftnoney was due and weneeded it We didn't mean to hurtanyone's feelings we just wantedthe money and politely asked for itNow if you laid your statement asideBeft Coffee, 35c Grade, at j without letting us get a reply from it,nor nminH 2cr' 'i"caoc "uia ll- up rta WBW "vucjrHC1 yuunu v-. fnr afofmns nnil stntionprv n nsk vnnthrough the mails again for the sraailamount you may owe. Be a good fel-ilow and mail in that check you havebeen intending to send and get a receipt by return mail witfli "I ThankYou" on itCIRCULATION MANAGER BOURBON NEWS.Best cut Loin Steakjper poundPrime Roast Beefper pound 17 1 -2c.48 Bars Lenox Soapfor 25cDID YOU GET ONE?LAFAYETTE HOME.! The historic chateau in FranceLast week we .mailed out several which was the birthplace of Marqui3WOOLEN'STHE SANITARY MEAT MARKET,de Lafayette has been purchased byAmericans, is was announced lastweek, to be restored and perpetuatedas a memorial, museum and home.The purchase was made possiblethrough the efforts of Mrs. WilliamAstor Chandler and JoQin Moffat, associated with many other prominentAmericans, it was announced lastcome the property of the FrencnHeroes Fund. The estate was sold byMarquis Gaston de Lafayette, who inherited it in 1890 from Senator Ednund de Lafayette. The presentmarquis is a grandson of Genera1Washington Lafayette. The purposeof the French Heroes Fund, it wasannounced, is to make the chateau acomplement to Washington's home atMount Vernon. In it are to be keptrecords of colonial days as well asthose of the present war. It will bemade a home for orpiuuis and forisoldiers who have been disabled.SueOP-FURNITURE AND RUGS!20 Per Cent. Off Every Dollar, ForCashBeginning To-day, and Lasting Thirty Days.A RARE OPPORTUNITY to purchase Furniture, Rugs, Gook Stoves andRanges at bargains never before heard of, considering the hiph advancein raw materials, workmanship and dye stuff which is used in all our Rugs.Our stock is very heavy at this season of the year, having purchased in December, before this advance, which gives the public the benefit and enables us to sellyou merchandise at a saving of 20 percent. COME EARLY at the beginning ofthis sale and you will get a nice selection.The E. M. Wheeler Furniture Store is known to back up his advertisementswith better furniture and better value for less money than you can purchase elsewhere, considering quality: We will quote you a few prices, as we will not havespace to quote everything in the house.Dining Chairs, Leather Seat, Q. 0. ,were 3.00, now $2.50Dining Chairs, were $2.50, now $2.00Dining Chairs, were $1.50, now $1.25Dining Chairs, were 1.25, now $1.00Rockers, were $2.50, now . . . $2.00Rockers, were S2.00, now. $1.50Rockers, were $1.50, now $1.09Rockers, were $4. 00. now $3,00Rockers, were $3.50, now $2.50Dining Tables, square top, 8 feet,were $10.50, now $8.25Dining Tables, square top, 6 feet,were $8.25, now $6.25Q. 0. Double Plank Top 8-FeetPedestal, was 40.00, now $32.00 -Q. 0. Double-Plank 45-inch Top 6-FeetPedestal, was $28. 00, no w $22 00Q. 0. Double-Plank 48-inch Top 8-FeetPedestal, was $33.00, now $27 00Q. 0. Double Plank 45-inch Top 8-FeetPedestal, was $28.00, now $20.00Plain Double-Plank 45-inch Top 6-Feet. Pedestal, was $22.00, now $18 60Plain 45-inch Plank Top 6-FeetPedestal, was $27.00, now $19.00E. M. WHEELEREIGHTH AND MAIN STREETSiii---.-- j-; r-FRIDAY, JANUARY 26, 1017.THE BOURBON NEWS, PARIS, KY.PAEFJLV8121ttSOCIAL AND PERSONAL.DESERVED PROMOTION.FOR THE BESTNOTHING ELSEHELD SEEDS AND STOCKEEED.Cotton Seed Meal, MillPeed, Oats, Clover and Timothy Seeds.C S. BRENT & BRO.(till marl-F)BARGAIN IN ASPARAGUSComings and Goings of OurPeople Here, There andElsewhere.Mr. Louis Meglone, who has for several years been one of the most popular and obliging members of the clerical force of the Paris postoffice, has re-i ceivea notice frofti the Postoffice De-Mr. O. S. Johnson, who is at the nartment at Washington f nnnfirmo.Massie Memorial Hospital, under treat- tion of his recent apnointtaient as car-1anent, is improving. rier on City Rural Route No. 1. in Sjure. j. iviser ymitn, ol mns, is -ans. iir Meglone will succeed Mrvisiting her mother, Mrs. Gertrude James Tejmplin, who recently sent In.Tebbs, in Cynthiana. his resignation to take effect FebruaryChief of Police Fred Link and Rev. 1. Mr. Templin will take a part inter,V. B. Ellis, recent grippe victims, are est in the business of the Templin.able to be out again. -Lumber Co.Mr. and Mrs. Robert P. Walsh and Mr. Meglone has been in the .nostnlchildren were guests of relatives In service for a little over four vears.Mt. Sterling yesterday. during which, time he has amply dem-Mrs. S. E. McClanahan is a guest onstrated his fitness for anv imnortantoi ner latner, Mr..vv. H. Farris, and position in the service. He has at aiii family, in Flemingsburg. times been courteous and obliging antl-While it lasts oi nminrt n ' Mlss Julia Nash and Mr. John above all, most efficient. In losingM cents nerl can asparagus Merringer, Sr., are recuperating from Mr. Templin the service loses a first-icni. iiunjao ui Lueii liumtjrt. umas man, anu oniy ine met mat an-Mr. and Mrs. Catesby Woodford other good .man takes his place is(left yesterday tor Eustis, Florida, to cqmpensation to the patrons who arcI remain the rest of the winter. .served on the city route over which heBurrel Higgin aced 71 Wn. fniimi , M.r' Marion Douglass, of Middles will trod in summer and winter. THE.,.w, . .. s..vww wi a..j JU.i.llo, JMX. U.IIU 1MUVVO HIBUCa UUU1 JL L11U111 &UUU 1LHJ11.Mrs. James L. Douglass, on MainmlFRANK Sc COat)c P. COOK & CO.FOUND DEAD.dead in bed at his home in Currentsville. baturday morning. Coroner Ru- ,.USSS? b' tW OUnS SnS a"d tW e S MiXl? uiSS:b near Paris.FEDERATION OF CLUBS TO MEETEXAMINATION FORCOUNTY SCHOOL GRADUATES "Mr. and Mrs. Ha'rry UnviHe, mi Pleaant street.The county examinations for com- Mrs Iaenli TlniKjfrm vlin 1.-.S S?.001. P?uateSwiil ue hold ,:, heelX V.SI&uftS HotH1W. UlllW Ul iVUSS iMUUei ItOIJUlllo.The governing boards of the CityFederation of CIuds will mieet in the! rpsf rnnm nf Hip TTirsil Ttfiitirmnl PnnVMrs. George Blanton and son have tn.mormw rsntnrrinv t 9-an nleiumeu tu iviuuiiuim, alter u visit l"County Superintendent of Schools, int&e court house this (Friday) afternoon.BASKET BALL.The Paris Y. M. C. Athe Versaillesgjrmnasiumnight by a score of 43 to 2. The Paristeaon and the Centre Colloge team ofDanville, will play here to-jnorrov.evening, January 27. at S:00 o'clock.pital, in Lexington, for several weeks,is improving.Mrs. Henry Huerkamp, of Cynthiana, is a guest of her daughter,Mrs. Richard Welling, and Mr. Welling, in this city.Mr. Oscar Peddicord, who has beenmT ?ff?fted seriously ill at the home of his sister,s team ol tie . M. L. A Mrs CIifton Blackerby, on South Mainm Versailles Tuesday slreeU is aomewhat improved.TAX-PAYERS MASS MEETING.The tax-payers of Bourbon countyare called to assemble at a mass mee1ing to be held at the court house inParis, at two o'clock, to-morrow, (Saturday) afternoon. Addresses will benrndp in whiVh flip tnY.nnvprs nf tho -., ... "-"- ....w --.- Jrcounty win near someunng very uccidedly to tlieir interest.City Attorney Wade H. Whitleyreturned Tuesday from Pantego, NorthCarolina, where he was called by thsillness and death of his mother.Miss Margaret Calvert, of Paris,and guest. Miss Aaily Cornish, ofHarrodsburg, have returned from avisit to Mrs. O. S. Million, in Mt. Sterling. Mr. George Nippert writes to relatives here that he is rapidly improvingin health. He is visiting his brother,C. E. Nippert, in St Petersburg,Florida.Mrs. D. C. Parrish, who has beeaWILL PROBATED.The will of the late Mr. James Wunder treatment at the Massie Memorial Hospital, lias recovered sufficiently to be moved to jlier home opHigh street.ranee, wno uieu bouie v.euK ago at Mr Bugh Bishop Special Gamehis home in Flemingsburg, was adfml harden for the State Fish and Gameted to probate in the Fleming C ounty Comraissionf nas returned from a visitBUYS SMALL FARM.Mr. Alvin Hick purchased this weekof Mr. Wm. Turner, of Paris, a smallfarjm of seventeen acres, located onthe Ford's Mill pike, near Paris, andknown as the Hollar farm, for 3,300Mr. Hicks will get possession onMarch 1. The farm adjoins theplace now owned by Mr. Hicks.Ii8:to his mother, MrsGeorgetown.-Miss Mangus. whoCourt. By the terms of the instrument all ihis property is left to hiwidow for her personal use and benefit, and if any is left at her death it is J. Qf Mrs Frederick Ato go to his son-in-law, Rev W. C Sad- ll(J home of Mr and Mra.ler, on i-'ans, wiui instructions umi ahouse and lot be purchased out of itfor Elisha France, a brother of thedeceased.Sallie Bisho,p, inREMOVAL NOTICE.I desire to inform my friends andpatrons that I have moved my, lawafflces from their fonmer location inlie Masonic Temple to new and handhas been aWallis, atThos. HenryClay, Sr.. has returned to her home inNew York City.Mrs. William E. Si minis and daughter have returned to their home aSpring Station, in Woodford county,after a visit to relatives in Paris andBourbon county.Hon. E. M. Dickson leaves to-dayfor Little Rock, Arkansas, to accompany Mrs. Dickson home, after a visit.-vf oqvot)1 n'noVc tr lior flmip-htor. "Mr.-.. , - . i n vi a&iiui u ubiw .- w ...0.. . . ..-..someiy-iurnisnea quarters m uil ov.,- Duranfl Tppie. and family.504, in the First National Bank huild Mrs j0Seph P. Giltner. of Denvw."S- Ilrt,..nv Colorado, formerly of Paris, who has(2-2t) P. A. THOMPSON. 1)eeil visitin& in Bourbon and Scotr.c- counties, is now a guest of her sister,A TIDY PLACE. Mrs Tohn DunaPf jn Louisville.. i Mrs. Darwin Fisher, who has beenHundreds of people pass m and ou im(ler me,iical treatmeut at the Mat,of the Paris postoffice every day, ir. gie Mem0riai Hospital, in this city, forall kinds of weather, and one would gome time has returned to her Jiouienaturally suppose that under the cir- near Ruddles Mills, much improved,cumstances there vould be traces of irs Laura Wiggins, who has beenuntidiness about the building, etthe coufilied to jier home near Hutchisonfloors and steps are kept in an irro- for several Weeks, suffering from aproachable condition and cleanliness spraincd ankle, caused bv a fall on theand tidiness are strikingly manliest in i(jv pavementf js greatly improved,all the departments. Every bit ot tuc Iiss Mamie Neal has returnedinterior is as clean as a new pin. fn a vislt t0 her brotiiert Mr. WillThe postoffice department lays a strict Q who flms been very ni at hisinjunction upon postmasters and care- Jlomg in Chicago. Her mother will retakers of its buildings and spares no main Jn chicag0 untii Mr. Neal is outefforts to have everything clean and of dangerneat looking. In the Interest of clean- Miss pannie McClure, of Shawliness and sanitaUon many business h whQ has been a g oC her sishouses could pattern after the big Gov- Mrs j H Sprattf and Mr. Spratt,eminent Building in Pans. for' severai days, left yesterday for"", Carrollton, Ky., wherd she has accept-POOLTUUttiNMiviniNi. ,ed a p0sit!on as operator in the offieV, of He Home Telephone Co. IT1Ie ??eh5,5JI?a?SeN0AS, -Mr. Wallace W. Mitchell, Actingment which sta Jherf g cashier of the Farmers' and Traders'poo room on f Mondaj - 'Taidy f . Bank during the temporary absence ofcontinues to attract a at deal of at McClintock, is ill actenUon tram dfleittali uis home on East Eighth street. Mr.inggame. The last report T. HB3 NBV m Arnsparger will fill the duties$&3&2? fincee Zn he & of the posiUon until Mr. Mitchell relowing have been played: Thursday, tuins.Tan 18 Elgin 100, Duncan. 71; Fri- Mr. and Mrs. Frank Sledd have refiflv Tinuarv 6 Davis, 100, Jones, Gl: turned from tlieir Southern honey?rii .," Tnmmrv 22 James, 100, El- moon trip. For the present they are-in 54- Wednesday, January 23 guests of Mr.?L 'inn TnnP: S4. bott. at the tUUIlCail, auu, vr.w , l,n,iooL'noninir in thoThe games will continue uiruuguum Liiey w Sw i t0..w..& .Januarv and February. At the conclu groom's home in North Middletown,sion the player getting the largest per- Monday,centage in the games ed ,ulob , Mrs. Thomas Henry Clay, Jr., en-presented n& X'iiTiea recently with a luncheon ining cup now on exhibtion in tne pooi . MagimSf of New yorkroom. The guests present were: Mrs.Frederick Wallis and Miss MangUo,'of New York; Mrs. Thojmas H. Smithof Frankfort; Miss Helen Bennett, o?Catesby Woodford,-vttc TtiipVnpr Woodfora. Jr.. iuissrrt. ! ..4-if.fi-i fllOT -'- .. w- r .coming year, we lci "bucu " 0llie Butler, Mrs. Wade H. Whitleymost of them desire tne puuui y d Mrs M H Dailey.qnntip.r vear. uul uiu nu.and Mrs. Wm. G. Tal-at the family home near Paris.TO SUBSCRIBERS.A great many ot our first of January SSTmi. 't -. i,avo not rpnewed for tne f",-"SUOSCnueia nu.w -satisueu uiatsimplynpjrippted to hand in tlieir two dollars ; Lieut. Richard Talliferro Clark, ofas a reminder of the fact. Do it now, rj s Ar)ny, who has been on a furand' save us the trouble of taking your iough visiting his mother, Mrs. Katename off the list. ' Clark and family in Paris for severalAnother thing that is of the utmost weeksf left yesterday to rejoin hisimportance. When a subscriber movei 0cmpany at San Francisco. The comfrom one part of the city or the county nmlld. will sail on February 1 from Santo another, or there is any change of Francisco for Honolulu, Hawaianaddress at all, that fact should prompt- isiands, where they will be stationedly be reported to this office, so that tlie iu tne insular service for three years,necessary change may be made on our Dr. Clark is a member of the Dentalmailing list. This will save both time corps in the army service,and trouble for the office and the mail . (Other Personals on Page 3.)carrier, as in cases of that kind th, .papers are returned to us, with instruc . Rruce Miller farmtinr to eiUier drop the subscriber or- MICUIULC iiiiiuiuinito make them furnish their correct ad Qf 22 aCreS, Rear PariS,dress. We know you don't want H fc rf f Quctiontn'vniss even one issue of the oest pa -- wPer in Bourbon county, or in several Thursday, Feb. 5. Seecourses, for that matter, so .Jjotliat (Jescrjptive advertise-wp are furnished with your correct aa '- f -r,.- Irein case wliere you move ment Oil page 2 Of Thesomewhere otherthan your present lo- KenfyCkJail-CitiZen. .On and AfterFEB; 1stI will assume my dutieswith Wilmoth & Co., ofwhich firm I am a partner.I will be glad to see allmy friends in my new placeof business.IF YOU WANTTHE BESTCALL FORCARLIEATWILMOTHGrocery Go.Phone 376Dainty DressesThat Serve inMany WaysYet Cost ButVery LittleIt is difficult to imagine somuch real service in dressesat prices so extremely modestNevertheless, there are hundreds of women in this city who would not and in a measure of convenience, could not get along without these practical washable, dresses that sharetheir fame equally between service and dressiness.6HlftJWmk7iJSSxWniyII f A 5ELr AUIII I I VCONFORMISC 1i i I W.Prss Iilil Vt7adjostaeicVtailuWWft 1lJm jA UIf'iPlljiill I A " 7THEBRANDELECTRICDRESSES OF MANY USESbespeak a versatility unknown to other dresses of equal cost. For kitchen, parlor, porchand street, they are appropriate and ideal.Such faultless fit and becoming style never before entered into dresses at prices comfortably within the reach of every purse.MODELS TOPLEASE ALLTASTES.SIZES TOFIT ALLFIGURES.$1 to $3Sizes 34 to 56MADE OF THEMOST DEPEND-ABLE COTTONFABRICS THATWASH PERFECTLY.iPRANK & COMPANYWe Will Look For YouAT OUR'rtJtrJZd4bs-O$15for this genuineVictor-Victrolair c 11 iii 11 eLYes sir, aVictor-Victrola for $15Hardlvscfjnis possible,and yet this new instrument embraces all thef u n d a mental VictorVictrola principles. 'And the u n e q u a 1 e dVictor-Victrola tonethat's the most importantthing of all.Come in today andhear it no obligationon your part, but youwon't want to do withoutBSH SALEone.Other styles $25 toVictors $10 to $100.terms if desired.VJrTK$300.EasyDuring February and MarchWE BELIEVE YOU CAN GETBETTER VALUES HERE, THAN ANY OTHER PLACECome in. It means a big saving in money for you.4r--j-S'2 -THEJ.T.HINTONCO.MOTOR HEARSEMOTOR INVALID COACHUNDERTAKING"EITHERPI-IONE? 36SIXTH AND MAIN STS.icxtitn..- &cif trvA-i??J'AGE SIXTHE BOURBON NEWS, PARIS, KY.FRIDAY, JANUARY 2, 1817.I-HI'hhI.1 viiIK1II!IJrfNOTICE.SLOAN'S LINIMENTPRESIAll prsoMB having claims againsttb aetate of W. P. Ardery will pleaseprove same and mail them to the undersigned. W. B. ARDERY,.(3-tf) Administrator.Master's Sale.FOR STIFF JOINTS.DENT WILSONADVOCATES WORLD PEACEItp. BOURBON CIRCUIT COURT,Deposit and Peoples' Bank.. .PlaintiffVs. Notice of Sale.Mrs. H. E. Wilkins, Etc.. .DefendantsRheumatic pains and aches get into WASHINGTON, Jan. 25. President! the joints and muscles, making every I Wilson, in a personal address to themovement torture. Relieve your suf- Senajte, Monday, laid down the quesjfering with Sloan's Liniment; it quicic- tion of whether the United States shallly penetrates without rubbing, and depart from its traditional policy ofsoothes and warms your sore muscles. 'isolation and no entangling alliancesThe congested blood is stimulated to and take part in a world league toaction; a single application will drive preserve peace after the war.out the pain. Sloan's Liniment is i Shattering precedent of more than aclean, convenient and quickly effect century, the President, regarding theive, it does not stain the skin or clog Senate, witfli its treaty-imaking power,the pores. Get a bottle to-day at your as his counselor in foreign affairs, exDruggist, 25c. j plained why he belived the time had(adv-jan) jcome for the world to know America's. I position, and discuss the underlying"""1 . causeg on wiijch ne believes a perma-Inent eace of the world can be main-Noticeto Water Consumers. j?il6 President wils011 was speal,jing directly to the Senators, after themanner of Washington, Madison andWater accounts are rendered fori daflT rlLf 1121 nr' S?ouarter from January to April 1, and,0 al foreign governments or on itsUnder and by virtue of a judgmentand order of sale entered at the NoTember term; 1916, of the Bourbon Circuit Court in the above styled actiontherein pending, the undersigned Master Commissioner, onMonday, February 5, 1917,at the front door of the Court House,in Paris, Kentucky, about the hour of11 o'clock a. m., will sell at publicauction to tihe highest and best bidder, the following described propertyA certain lot situated on BrentStreet, in the City of Paris, BourbonCounty, Kentucky, and designated onthe Plat of the Fair Grounds Additionto the City of Paris, Ky.. as Lot No.22, and more fully described as follows: Said lot fronts fifty-five (55)feet on Brent Street, and is seventy(70) feet in width in rear along the L.& N. R. R., and north line of sameone hundred and twelve and seventyhundredths (112.70) feet in length, andthe soutii line is one hundred twentyone, and five-tenths (121.5) feet mlength, and is part of the same property conveyed to first (J. M. Brennanand Clifton Arnsparger) by J. D. McClintock and R. B. Hutchcraft, andconveyed to Mrs. H. E. Wilkins bydeed recorded in Deed Book 97, page6. in the Bourbon County Court Clerk'soffice, and to which particular reference is Inade.Said sale will be made upon th;credits of six and twelve months, thepurchaser or purchasers being required to execute bonds with good suretyto be approved by said Commissioner,due six and twelve months from dateof sale respectively, and bearing interest at the rate of six per cent, per annum from data of sale until paid, saidbonds to have the force and effect ofjudgments, with a lien retained on theproperty sold to further secure theirpayment.Said sale is made for the purpose ofatisfying the mortgage debt of theplaintiff bank in the sum of OneThousand Dollars ($1,000.00), togetherwith interest thereon from the 28thday of February, 1915, until paid, andthe costs of this suit, and of this sale,estimated as of the date of sale at OneHundred Dollars ($100.00.) The sale '-3further made for the purpose of proriding means of support for the defendant, the property being adjudgedIndivisible.O. T. HINTON, M. C. B. C. C.B. M. Dickson, Attorney for Plaintiff.(jan!9-26-feb2)Master's Sale!must be paid at the office of the ParisWater Company in fifteen days, or water will be shut off. Parties desiringto do so can ipay as formerly, sixmonths. Rebates due anyone will becredited on these bills.(12-tf) PARIS WATER CO.POSTEDThe land of the late W. P. Arderyhas been posted and no hunting willbe allowed. Please remember this andsave trouble.W. B. ARDERY,(3-tf) Administrator.Notice To the Public!way to them.The President summed up his paperin the following striking paragraphs:"I am proposing, as it were, that thenations should witih one accord adoptthe doctrine of President Monroe asJ the doctrine of the world, that no naition should seek to extend its policyjoer any other nation or people, butthat every people should he lert tree,to determine its on policy, unhindered, untlireatened, unafraid, the little along with the great and powerful."I ami proposing that all nationshenceforth avoid entangling allianceswhich would draw them into competition of power, catch them in a net ofintrigue and selfish rivalry and disturb their own affairs with influencefrom without. When all unite to actjin the same sense and with the samepower, all act in comnon interest andare free to live their own lives under a common protection."I am proposing government by theconsent of the governed; that freedomof the seas, which in internationalconference after conference, representatives of the United States haveareued with the eloquence of thoseMERCHANT FINDSTRADE BOOSTERWears Cheerful' Tanlac Smile,"the Kind Customers Like.WAS SICKLY AND IRRITABLEI will pay this season the nighestprices that have ever been known InParis for horse hides, beef hides, who are convinced disciples of libheejp pelts and furs.I will also pay the highest marketprice for Rags and Paper. I will sendafter it any place in the city. Callby Cumberland phone 374. Office onEighth Street(20-oct-lyr) MAX MUNICH.PUBLIC SALE-OF-Fair Grounds Buildings.erty and that tinoderation ot. armaments which makes of armies and nations a power for order merely, not aninstrument of aggression or selfish violence. "These are American principles,American policies. We could standfor no other. And they are also theprinciples and policies of forward-lookingmen and women everywhere, oevery modern nation, of every enlightened community. They are the principles of mankind and must prevail.'BAD COLD QUICKLY BROKEN UP.We will sell at public auction, on thepremises, onSATURDAY, FEBRUARY 3, 1917.- BOURBON. CIRCUIT COURT.itrr B. Stevens, Etc, PlaintiffVs. Notice of Sale.Sesry Clark, Etc., DefendantUnder and by virtue of a judgmenta.d order of sale rendered at the NoTimber term, 1916, of the Bourbonircuit Court, in the above styled action therein pending, the undersignedMaster Commissioner, onMonday, February 5, 1917,at the front door of the Court House,in Paris, Kentucky, at about the hourof 11 o'clock a. m., will sell at publicauction to the highest and best bidder,the following described property:Situated in said city (North Middletown, Bourbon County, Kentucky), onthe west side of Main street, on theML Sterling turnpike and bounded asfollows: Commencing at Main street,running south with the east line ofThomas J. Judy's lot to where it intersects the north boundary line of Jos.Fithian and running with it east to theML Sterling Turnpike; thence northto Main street; thence to the northeast corner to Thomas J. Judy's lot,to the beginning.Said sale will be made upon thecredits of six and twelve months, thepurchaser or purchasers being required to execute bonds with good suretyto be approved by said Ccjmmissioner,bearing interest at the rate of six percent, per annum tveyn. date of sale untilpaid, and having the force and effectof judgments.Said sale is made for the purpose ofpaying the dehts of settling decedentsstate.O. T. HINTON,Mastor.CojBimissioner Bourbon CircuitCourLt'(JlttllI-Z6-FeDZ.Jbegimiing at 2 o'clock, all the buildingslocated on the Bourbon Fair Grounds,on Main street, as follows:Five frame horse stables;Three cattle barns;Two hog houses;One sheep barn;One frame kitchen;Four small frame ticket offices;One large frame amphitheatre.The amphitheatre, containing a largeamount of seasoned lumber, will besold in four separate sections andthen as a whole, the best bid or bidsto be accepted.Purdhsers of the amphitheatre will Jbe required to remove same from the 'premises within 3 weeks; purchasers;of the stables and other buildings mustiuuuvh mem wiuim & weens.TERMS Sums of $20 and under,cash in hand. Over that amount acredit of six months will be given onan approved note payable at the Deposit & Peoples' Bank, and bearinginterest at the rate of 6 per cent.WILDER, CAYWOOD & GOREY.(Janl2-7t)Mrs. Martha Wilcox, Gowanda, N.Y., writes: "I first used Chamberlain'sCough remedy about eight years ago.At that time I had a hard cold andcoughed most of the time. It provedto be just what I needed. It broke upthe cold in a few days, and the coughentirely disappeared. I have toldmany of my friends of tihe good I received through using this medicine,and all who have used it speak of it inthe highest terms." Obtainable everywhere. (adv-jan)CHILD FATALLY BURNED.GEORGETOWN, KY., Jan. 25.Harold Wilson, 1 year old, was scald-jed to death Monday morning. Whileline cuiiu was piuyiiig un uie kilciiuiifloor his mother lifted a tea kettleof boiling water from the stove." Thehandle broke as she raised it and th-3contents were thrown on the babe.HOW TO CHECK THAT COLD.Sheriffs Sale!L.BOURBON CIRCUIT COURTH. NEIL & SONS Plaintiffs.Vs. Notice of Sale.P. BAILEY DefendantWhen it is painful to breath andfever sends chills up and down yourback, you are in for a cold. A timelydose -of Dr. Bell's Pine Tar Honey willstop the sneezes and sniffles. The pinebalsam, loosens the phlegm and clearsthe bronchial tubes, the honey soothesand relieves the sore throat. The antiseptic qualities kill the germ and thecongested condition is relieved. Croup,whooping cough and chronic bronchialaffections quickly relieved. At allDruggists, 25c.(adv-jan)Clell Coleman, of Harrodsburg,sold to a Chattanooga mill 5,000 bushels of wheat at ?2 per bushel. T. H.Coleman also sold the same party 4,000bushels at the same price. BontaBros, sold 5,000 bushels to the twoHarrodsburg mills at ?2."There's a cheery atmosphere aboutthe clothing house of Geigerman & Malone, 413 Euclid avenue, Cleveland,now, and customers seem more thanever glad to give it their patronage,"declared the Tanlac Man. "It's because Mr. Malone woke up to the factthat he didn't need to go around glumand downcast when Tanlac was bringiug health and 'happiness to so many."He tried it and it has spread a hapP3' smite over his face the 'TanlacSmile' and thatstore is as sunshiny as any inthe city.Health Was Poor.Mr. M alonesaid:"I have foundTanlac to be in aclass by itself,and am convinced that it's allright."I was nervousand run-down.My kidneys andliver were not doint' their workMR. MALONE. ,lIld j felt vxxvble and uncomfortable and could notrest well at night.Tanlac For Him."Shortly after taking Tanlac I feltimproved. Now my health is betterthan for years. Nervousness has disappeared and my bodily organs actnormally."Trips to health resorts are fine forthose who can spare the expense andtime, but I am satisfied to forego such ipleasures and health-seeking methodsand stick to Tanlac."Tanlac, the master medicine andreconstructive tonic, is sold exclusively in PARIS by Varden & Son.Other exclusive agents in nearbytowns are as follows:HUTCHISON Snell & Wood; Mil-LERSBURG, W. G. Wadell; ELIZA-BETH, Oscar Smith; CARLISLE,'Tureman & Son; GEORGETOWN, 0.'H. Arnold ; WINCHESTER, Dutv Drug 'Company; AUSTERL1TZ, B. S. Par-;rJsh. (adv)twin Bros. Department storeS.wntft and main . Paris, KentuckyGREAT REDUCTIONSOnJLadies andChildren'sSuits, CloaksSkirts,Waists, Etc.Twin Bros, Dsp't StoreService FirstThe City has added a new Fire Truckto its equipment to provide adequate andefficient protection to you.The County has built modern roads foryour convenience, safety and comfort andto provide an efficient means of travel andtransportation.The Home TelephoneCompany has added a new Truck toits equipment, which, with its other two,will provide an efficient means of caring forthe plant which furnishes modern telephone service:Have you a HOME PHONE? Join themodern procession. Call contract department now.Paris Home Telephone 5 Telegraph Go.(Incorporated)J. J. VEATCH, Uistrict Manager.W. H. CANNON, THOMAS K- SMITH,Equipment Manager. Cashier.TAKE CARE OF YOUR HORSESDURING THE COLD WEATHEROwners and drivers of horses and imules are urged to treat them withgreat consideration during this kindof weather by the officers of the Bour-'bon County Humane Society. Inmany instances the animals are leftstanding tor several hours withoucovering and when the time comes forthem to start they are so cold anlstiff that they can hardly walk. Whenthe horses are left hitcihed the societyrecommends that the snow and ice beneath the animal's feet be sweptaway.In this connection the matter of cai-mg lor the birds and wild animalsuuiing uiu shuw is uruugui up. unlessfood is nrovided or unless the sioanilirlrlv mntfo it ic flic haltof Mii n--r 'of the birds and wild animals of thisneighborhood will die of starvationThe residents are requested to throwbread crumbs or other food scraps to 'the little feathered creatures. iUnder and by virtue of a judgmentand order of sale rendered at the January, 1917, term of the Bourbon Quarterly Court in the above styled actiontherein pending, the undersignedSheriff, onKENTUCKY TRACTION& TERMINAL COMPANYInterurban Schedule.CARS LEAVEMonday, Feb. 5, 1917at the front door of the Court Housein Paris, Kentucky, at about the hourof 11 o'clock a. m., will sell at publicauction to the higliest and best bidder,the following described pdoperty:One L. H. Niel & Sons Piano,style 15 P, mahogany, number57169, with stool and scarf.Said sale will be made upon a creditof three months, the purchaser or puichasers being required to executebond with good surety, bearing interest at six (per cent from date of sale,and due three months therefrom, saidbond to have the force and effect of ajudgment, with the privilege to thepurchaser or purchasers to pay thopurchase price in cash.Said sale is made for the purpose ofsatisfying the judgment of plaintiffsherein, in the sum of One Hundredand Fifty-Four Dollars ($154.00) together with interest thereon at sixper cent. per. annum from November10, 1913, until paid, the costs of thisaction, and the expenses incident tothe sale.W. F. TALBOTT,Sheriff Bourbon County.O. T. HINTON, x.Attorney for Plaintiff.(12;19-26:feb2) ' ' ..,"'ParisforLexington6:45 a. m.7:30 a. m.8:15 a. m.9:00 a. m9;45 a. m.11:15 a. m.12:45 p. m.2:15 p. in.3 :A7, p. m.4:30 p. m.5:15 p. m.6:05 p. m.6:50 p. m.8:15 p. m.10:05 p. m.LexingtonforParis6:00 a. m.7:20 a. tn.8:00 a. m.8:50 a. m.10:20 a. m.11:50 a. m.1:20 p. m.z:5U p. m.S:30 p. m.4:20 p. m.5:00 p. m.' 6:00 p. m.7:20 p. m.9:10 p. m.11:00 p. m.CITY CARS ONLY.Lve. Court House Lve. Station 5.am7.45 am8.15 am8.45 am9.15 am9.45 am10.15 am10.45 am11.15 am11.40 am12.00 m12.45 pm41.15 pm45 pm2.15 pm2.45 pm3.15 pm3.45 pm4.15 pm5.15 pm4.45 pm1V$V7.15 am8.00 2m8.30 am9.00 am9.30 am10.00 am10.30 am11.00 am11.30 am11:50 am12.15 pm1.00 pm1.30 pm2.00 pm2.30 pm3.00 pm3.30 pm4.00 .pm4.30 pm5.0'0 pm5.00 pmBethlehem's Bid on Shellsfor the United States NavyTo the American People:The Secretary of the Navy has awardedcontracts amounting to over $3,000,000to a tmtisii bidder tor 14 and 16-mchprojectiles for the Navy because of verymuch lower prices offered by the Englishbidders.We know nothing of the basis upon whichthe British bids were made, but the public s entitled to know the facts uponwhich we ourselves bid for this work.Two years apo we took contractsto make 4,200 14-inch shells at aprice of $1,515,000. Up to nownot a single shell has been accepted by the Government, although we have expended, inwages, materials, etc., on theseorders $522,881, and we have notreceived a SINGLE DOLLAR onthese contracts.In addition, a literal interpretation erfthe contract might make ua liable for" penalties umouuting to $678,016.In the light of our experience, and haying no other basis, we bid for 16-inchthells approximately the same rate perpound as that which the Navy Department actually awarded a 14-inch shellcontract one year ago.Bethlehem Steel CompanyCHAS. M. SCHWAB. ChairmanEUGENE G GRACE, Preudeat'Toss of a Coin" SaleMOW GOING ONUnheard-of Bargains InMen's and Boys'Ouits and OvercoatsuhoeSj jrfatsand J?urnishingsDon't Miss This Sale!the Difference!561SaveTWINClothing and Shoe Dept.BR0SL. Wollstaicj ropCQS3OS4i Bourbon Laundry1 DAVIS & FUNK, Props.2Telephone No. 4. West 5 StreetEATING A PLEASUREwhen you have a normal appetite.Loss of appetite indicates that thestomach neeoX to he cleaned, sweetened, and stimulated to healthy action.fi7 0 4, )TONIC DIGESTIVEits sold for this purpose and guaranteed to give relief.- Sold only by us,$1.0n. jOBERDORFER,Th Dniftfst, Paris, Ky.Hp.4II M..Satisfaction is, OnrWatchwordWith all the latest improvements in laundryiT -jSZ "Hl'HOUV.CJJ' I CH1U eXOFTTT.fc'v' $L0? helpers we are prepared.- j UT ' vyuiiv niienor toteSfesR -Jk none an solicit youraSu ri patronaere.3r -jBourbon Laundry,Pari Kentucky. -aA$9-' HVsFRIDAY, JANUARY 26, 1917.)THE BOURBON NEWS, PARIS, KY.0 CENT "CASCARETS"BEST LAXATIVES FORLIVER AND BOWELSZJrn't Stay Constipated, Headachy,Bilious, With Breath Bad orStomach Sour.PAGBSITtfCMUINTIONS MAKEMANY MILLIONSTHE TOBACCO MARKETContinued from Page 1.)Figures compiled Monday by the Bu-ireau or foreign and Domestic UomNo odds how bad your liver, stomach merce show that tlie heaviest month'sG7 bowels; how (niuch. your head aches, j shijpments of war supplies went forhow miserable and uncomfortable vou . ward in November, when the total wasare from a cold, constipation, indigos- j more than $80,000,000.lion, biliousness and sluggish bowels In Uie two years and a half of theyou always set relief with Cascav l war Uiis country has shipped acrossezs. ,the ocean cartridges valued at $83,-Don't let your stomach, liver and 000,000; gunpowder, valued at 35,bowels imake you miserable. Take 000,000; other explosives, $475,000.Cascarets to-night; ,put an end to the , and firearms, $60,000,000.headache, biliousness, dizziness, nerv-;ousness, sick, sour, gassy stomach, 'bad cold, offensive breath and all CONSTIPATION AND INDIGESTIONother distress; cleanse your inside or 'sans of all the bile, gases and consti- ' "I have used Chamberlain's Tabletspated matter which is producing the and must say they are the best imisery. have ever used for constipation andA 10-cent box means health, happi- indigestion. My wife also used themness and a clear fliead for months. All for indigestion and they did her good,"druggists sell Cascarets. Don't forget writes Eugene S. Knight, Wilminton,rhe children their little insides need N. C. Obtainable everywhere.a gentle cleansing, too. (adv) (adv-jan)WASHINGTON, Jan. 25. War Munitions exports from the United States INDEPENDENT TUESDAY, JANITto Europe since the war began liavo; ARY 23.approached a billion dollars in valueill 1 1 1 ll'I114'I''I'H'.IIiiItI..I..2"I'I..I.Ml.4'I"'I''!'l.I..I...I..I.4.-3'V aSSS 0 v CiMiSTI AT mmmrmm c" jii i: - t.i i m amilooThe Independent Tobacco WarehouseCompany sold 39.370 pounds of tobaccoTuesday, for a total of $7,606.80, anaverage of $19.32 per hundred pounds.The market was strong with biddingspirited. The feature of Tuesday'ssales was the record price of the season, $60 per hundred pounds, for a basket of tobacco from the crop of M. P.Lovell & Son. The following crop averages were reported.Daniel & Mitchell sold 6,325 poundstot tobacco for $1,322.88, average $20.91per Hundred pounds.Wheat & Hutchcraft sold 2,555pounds of tobacco for $528.29, average $20.67 per hundred pounds.Webber & Monday sold 3,320 poundsjfor $727.04, average $21.86 per hundred pounds.Peterson & Sfriith sold 815 pound?for $160.62, average $19.70 .per hundred pounds.Lair & Williams sold 2,925 poundsfor $554.97, average $18.97 per hundred pounds.Jess H. Hill sold 1.S25 pounds foi$330.89, average $18.12 per hundredpounds. kJ. H. Wilson sold 2,725 pounds foi$586.03, average $21.50 per hundredEDW. BURKE, PresidentH. S- CAYWOqp, Vlce-Pre.JNO. T. COLLINS, ManagerEDW. BURKESAM CLAYJAS. CALDWELLDirectorsH. S. CAYWOODA. L. STEPHENSONJ. L. DENTONROBT. E. BEATTYLUTHER STIVERSC. D. WILSONA. B. HANCOCKD. W. PEEDJNO. T. COLLINSS. R. BURRISW. M. ROGERSThe Bourbonj Tobacco Warehouse Co.3 pounds.Peterson & Smith sold 710 poundsfor $133.09, average $18.74 per hun-, dred pounds.Peterson & Son sold 870 pounds for$177.15, average $20.36 per hundred' pounds.J! Park Bros. & Lewis sold 1,940i'pounus ior $siu.zs, average siy.us per:hundred pounds. I2 j M. B. Lovell & Son sold 2,240 pounds fHfor $485.36, average $21.66 per hundred .'T pounds. i.3. Campbell & Frederick sold 1,655' pounds for $322.93, average $19.02 perhundred pounds..5. 1 H. D. Campbell sold 2,655 pounds fo"$465.96, average $17.51 per hundredpounds.: I The next sale at the Independentwill be held this, Wednesday morning.beginning promptly at 9 o'clock.4SALES TO DATE 2,613,335 POUNDSAVERAGE $17.75Highest Average for the Season.4 & l3f 3fc fj& 8TCome in; get a hank book FREE. Join our "Christmas Banking Club" by depositing either 1 czntu2 cents,5 cents or 10 cents. You increase your deposit the sameamount each week. mstenNO CHARGE TO JOIN.In fifty weeks:1-cent club pays $ 12.752cent club pays S 25.505cent club pays $ 63.7510cent club pays $127.50You can nut in $1.00 or $2.00 or $5.00 each week, andin 50 weeks have $50 or $100 or $250.WE ADD 3 PER CENT. INTEREST!This is not a plan just ior BOYS and GIRLS; it isalso for MEN and WOMEN.You can start TO-DAY-START.Deposit and Peoples Bank2BOURBON TUESDAY, JAN. 23.I Highest Price for Single BasKets$54, $55 and $569Obtained at Our Sales of January 12th,mm99i.ToJo'fr'X!''!t4j..jj55 'ttg jYg pg t?t ,Yi ftf . jft pT 4 aTf Tj Ti Xt T T aT t T tTt T it i T T T Tt tit T tT T jTi iT J yrHHrfrniTAWftiniT? unitrr nn tuniir uipp ?AUlUi!lVI:iiS MEAKi: UK AiaDULAUCit5-t4 4 '! ! -I"! ! !' I' ! ! I ! 'I-I- ! ! 'I1 !' 'I- I' ! ! ! '! ! ' ! -I ! ! ! ! ! ! !' ! ! ! ! !' ! ! ! ! ! ! ! !I desire to am- rZ.Z'i to our friends that I can, where desired,furnish an auto: 3e h9ar3 or ambulance. This method oftransportation U especially desired on long trips, tho same being made in better time, and at no advance in cost over thehorse-drawn conveyance.GEO. YY- DAVIS;, Funeral Director.The Bourbon Tobacco Wearehou&e ZCompany sold Tuesday, 251,205 poundsol tobacco for an average "of $19.81.The Paris house sold S4.575 pound:.; 'for 16,92-1.99. an average of 20.01. O'The market was active and strong ' 5on all grades, prices ranging from $10 mto S47. I 9Somie averages were as follows:J Grant Gallowav sold 1,930 pounds forJ '$573.37, average 29.81.& 1 Ferguson & Neal sold 2,705 .poundsfor 606.41, average 22.41.Cleveland & Wessellman sold 2,065D-ounds for 437.63, average 21.19.j Clay & Tooliey sold 3,445 pounds for713.39, average 20.21.. Arthur Hendricks sold 3,205 poundsi for 661.78, average 20.64.4. 1 Peed & Kenton sold 4,150 pounds for: 874.51, average 21.07.X j Peed & Kenton sold 4,150 pounds for? 874.51, average 21.07.J Tlmmnson & Carr sold 2.910 poundst. i for 623.91, average 21.19.4 I G. W. Faulconer sold 2,020 poundsf ! for 501.91, average 24.84.X 1 T. W. Faulconer sold 3,355 poundsf ! for 706.86. average 21.06.J J. V. lion & Son sold 6,370 poundsfor 1,599.43, average 25.10.1 1 G .A. Keller sold 4,290 pounds forX , $863.86. average 20.11., Gilkev & King sold 3,890 (pounds for j861.61, average 24.72.X F. W. Collins sold 2,570 pounds for, $519.81, average 20.22.Hancock & Smith sold 5,16o poundsfnr $1,072.55. averace 20.76.William Rogers sold 2,330 pounds for j466.93, average 20.Cavwood & Pence sold 11,345 poundsfor 2,391.03, average 21.07.Ardery & Earlywine sold 1,985pounds for 435.14, average $21.92.Saunders & Davis sold 4,425 poundsfor 899.59, average 20.32.Jones & Wilson sold 3,855 pounds for891.79, average 22.52.Harvey Lapp sold 1,810 pounds for386.05, average 21.32.Hancock & Gregg sold 11.800 poundsfor 2,524.80, average 21.31.Clay & Tob'in sold 4,545 pounds for$984.08, average 21.67.Clever & Livingood sold 3,175 poundsfor 719.66, average 22.34.Jones & Butler sold 2,665 pounds for576.68, average 21.6S.THIS HOUSE has made the Home Market.THIS HOUSE has secured a Re-dryer for ParisTHIS HOUSE has saved the tobacco growers thousands of dollarsby its refusal to raise the selling fees. The saving on this crop alone toBourbon County will amount to $ J 7,000.THIS HOUSE gives you a Square Deal.THIS HOUSE gets you the High Dollar. 'immm mmmmMmmmmmmmvt999 rmtg ti wfKMSV B mmmmm aU.WI 1 I Jmmmmvtmmmm.mmlWmmmmmmW mmm mmmmmmT m SX I (4mmmmammmaKmammm-YounManDon9tcaueiYooiolINACTIVITYCAUSESTION.CONSTIPA-Lack of exercise in the winter is afrequent cause of constipation. - Youfeel heavy, dull and listless, your complexion is sallow and pimply, and energv at low ebb. Clean up this condition at once with Dr. King's New LifaPills, a mild laxative that relieves thecongested intestines without griping.A dose before retiring will assure youa full and easy movement in the morn25c at your Druggist.(adv-jan)inYOUTH IS PRODIGAL. Frequently the young man DOESN'TKSTOW THE VALUE OF A DOLLAB.YOUTH IS NOT EVERLASTING. The big men of the country laidthe foundation for their success by opening a bank account when they"were youn?.If You HopeDelay Starting aStart It Today.to Amount tG Anything Don'tBank Account.Farmers' & Traders' Bankr. P. KISER, PrudentJNO. J. M.CLINTOCK, CashieCWM. GRIMES, Bookkeeper.Sixth' and Main Streets, PariiKy-Jt.A GOOD INVESTMENTsavs M. D. Reynolds, Madison, Wis.,who states: "I had rheumatism nineteen years; used three boxes oflOU0M00nrB3!5&7RAOZ MASrtRHEUMATIC POWDERSand have thrown away crutches." Youcan afford to try them. Sold only byus, 50c and ?1.00.OBBRDORFER,The Druggist, Paris, Ky.IM,,I,,IM!2J&$ iMN.4Mgw..;..x..XiiT..x..xl.lx..;...,,b.;.j,,jj,tRecord OfM"iimii4I mm II mm Wmlllllri iFI mmf in g ElbNDENTWhenyoufeelt!!r.-vous, tired. Worried or despondent it is asure sign you needMOTT'S NERVERINEPILLS: They renew the normal vigor andmake life worth living. Be sure and ask forMutt' NcrverinePilU g&ffiSWitUAMS MFG. CO . Prw. CUtIm4. GklmOICRDORFER; Th DrUiflltt- jvTotal Sales To Date Average $17.92Floor Record, Jan. 12, $20.63Basket Record, Jan. 23, $60.00If You Want to Get the MoneySell Under the Lights of the IndependentTHE INDEPENDENTTOBACCO WAREHOUSE COPARIS, KENTUCKYCHARLES C. CLARK,EDSELL CLARK,W. H. WHALEY,W. A. THOMASON,HARRY B. CLAY,M. R. JACOBY, 'JOSEPH L. LEACH,JAMES McCLURE,SAMUEL HARDING.MiiHHiiiiiumnininHiiiiiiiii.-o-M-i--HftJ 1 1 1 1 luiimiiii.,.. - t..iJ-LUlJl t II I III HI it I fsJl.tt. .PAGE EIGHTTHE BOURBON NEWS, PARIS, KY.FRIDAY, JANUARY M, HIT.';!c -4Hil ''H! ifI .M'Wtsii-IVUiHUr l;!fj,iiiMiiJ3I iIi:tMILLERSBURGaif dead. This should awaken an inter- -estin Millersburg not only with thegood people of Millersburg, but 'throughout Bourbon county, and at thesame time should largely increase thecirculation of THE BOURBON NEWS. ,DEATHS., Grannan, both, of Cincinnati, and Mr. f ,' Joseph Grannan, of Kansas City, Mo.,all of whom were at (her bedside whena nie ena came.Mrs. Clara Shanks continues quite Tnis is 0le only paper that will exML plain this history. It will be preparedFOREST NOTES.rRELIGIOUS.SOPER.(ln 1711.. r I l.l.j ,. I T'rkofr- of tlin rnnnr. "TO.. !...,. T1 .Mrs. Neppie Rigdon is confined 1-. Sr STTnS Sin?; ?? .. died at the home of her sister, Mrs. atory, at Madison, Wisconsin, indicateA. U. Robbins. between Grassv JAp'x tihat hv thp iisr nf tnnr nririitinnni rm?i,-BIRTHS.tier home with the grippe.THE BOURBON NEWS only. If youare not now a subscriber, send yourunu Liuie iujck, in tins county, rues- in each end an increase of 300 per"T7!'orTT.;,.i nto!. mju.i r suhsp.rinHnns tn tthf nffino nr if in nr U1IU 1-1i-" ""Sverywoman." will be given in th- about Millersburg, send it to the cor- (la.y m?rnim?' aftepr1 at1(mS illness of cent in the strength of canned-foo'IM. C. Auditorium this evening at respondent, R. M. Caldwell, who will fj"11 J:r?ubJe- . h? ba?yTT7a,s k111 boxes is secured,eight o'clock. A pleasant evening give it immediate attention. The l ACa f e J01 ednSfday-1awaits Uiose who attend. Admission writer also asks the good people ol ,,ie uas a daughter- of Mrs. Frau There were 135,442 more cattle and25 cents. Millersburg to render all the assisi- &Per. ana a sister of Mrs. Robbing horses, and 605,338 more sheep andance possible in the making up of this'aml Mr- Frank sPer of thls county goats using the' NatIonal Forests inf7 Ml'ri"" SCi? IJJJIl 55Tn. I1916 ian in WW. This increase wascay meeting Wednesday, at the home as the work nrosresses. This can be! The funeral of Mary Ellen Logan, n spite of large ehmitations of gra-10:45 a. m.--:t- peters Episcopal church. Re .I Near ML Carmel, in this county. In.' i n 'on warris rector. Sunday the wife of Mr. R. D. Worthingtou, aschool, 9:30 a. m.: service and sermon, rimihtrI To the wife of Mr. Malcolm Arjtn-tm,o. rn -r, , , , . ,. , stroiis, au rarmvuie, irKiaia. a. own.doovnr c;t p u ,..-. ,". christenedUwU.Ut uuv-icij, ui me uribtian cuurcnWill linvo nVioirrn f r.n:..lSimdav PvpnTnt n ii yi."bi;1"1 Nora Foster, of the Cumberland TeleSES&ZTh'eMSM ." ,"'0ne exchange at MUler-sbuZ01" ''"i.il1.?.1:1? FieUU" a:thousands of dollars lostRev. W. A. Hopkins, of Lexintr-ton, who was sometime ago extendedMalcolm Armstrong, Jr.Mrs. Armstrong was formerly MissTHROUGH RUSTING MACHINERYAll farm implements should now boof their pastor. Rev. j W. Gardnci made indeed interesting -If the f cUiiens ?ve,l?oUls-?,d dausl,ter f Mr' and mg fTr , Fre, ' , 'acaJb pastorate of the P,' , Tt ""Tr 7An interesting nrogram was rendereo. will co-operate with fine writer, and K 1Mrs' J56 LSan' who died at the counted for by improved methods of prbVterIa: -hurrf? vmLllJjlS under shelter and be put m first-lassand a delightful lunch served at noon they will also mianifest an interest in no.me ?f its Parents, on West Street, in handling the stock and by more intiI desire to thank the good peophT Millersburg for their many demonstations and acts of sympathy extended during the illness, death andTiurial of my wife, also to Dr. John I".alhoun. and the undertaker, M. EPruitt for their professional efforts.&ad Bros. Cossaboom and Gardner, and;tlie singers for their consolation.STROTHER INSKO.the workNEWS.by subscribing for THE tl,is city' Wednesday morning, was mate knowledge of the forage on the.nexu ul uiu lanuiy nome ai ten.o cioci:; ranges and their carrying capacity,'yesterday ,morning, with services'conducted by Rev. W. E. Ellis, pastor Tne number of fires suppressed on'of the Paris Christian church. The .National Forest lands during the cal-. burial followed in the Paris Cemetery. , en,dar year 1915 was 6,324, as againstMr. and Mrs. Logan came to Paris' 7,018 in 1914, and an average annualfrcVn Nicholas county some months number of 4,759 during the past fiveOSTOCK, CROP, ETC.fago.Tarr & Mitchell, of near Millers-'TiiTrr o"v1l -- . . UU1L,. ouiu uimiss Kings class m expression ,, " ,.01.flhni,en ;JVI-1 :. . """ "o'cuuuoo, in.The M. C. auditorium. This is the sec-GRANNAN.uurg, sold on the breaks of the Bour-' The funeral of Mrs. Anna Grannan. ui i V i , pu UL uie 'ouowing circular ki. v. j t-: n- ,' ., .,... , ' . . . . u,d"' the averase number of fires occurred i frnm thn P.-Qfnfl;nn n..ii x . . . . uuu naicuuuau. iii. zru.i is. .iiii iiniiiiiis jiithii piirni.v-ii vo wnn riiori nr inr -r.i .---,. .. i. uutvinv, lycuaiuncui.I"? u" a.?iiL.JS.e,Ye!lins al of loose leaf tobaca) that averaced idence. on Main street, near Tenth fn. the timbered area burned over was ; Washington, in wfliich his co-opera tion(J1C Q1 rfV V t rl -Vl Mtn1n-vnfl initiiKnr f i, T w.m n ,. ',10-01 C1 uuuuicu Kouima.and we kny w that it will be well ren-1 W. B. Burton, biule buyer, of Lanaered, as this gifted woman never caster, recently sold a car load o'plages any thing but good things. Ad- mules to R. H. Best, at "Warsaw, N. C.mission, 25 cents. Let everybody go. There were 25 mules in thr shintrmn-and they brought an average of $185.ouimu wiuicii. win oe extenueu condition for next season. The bindera Call tO tlhe Msivsvillp rlmrili oiil ' . . . . . ,if ic tHr.ncrv.f i, ,..-n -."" should be repaired, now ana not wneuit is thought he will accept. Rev. , . . . , , LHopkins preached a trial sermon ai you aro ready to begIn work- Delay atMaysville last Sunday at the Central harvest time may mean the loss ofPresbyterian church. inany dollars. The same principle! holds true for all other farm machines.j Too many farmers are careless withENCOURAGING PARCEL POST tue equipment which .makes farming aSHIPMENTS OF FOOD PRODUCTS paying business. In every section ofthe State farm machinery can be seenPoStTTflKtPr .T Wflltop Pavnu ic in T-r ..i. r .!. tt e i. iport just published. While more than ceiDt of the fnllvfmr o.vV. Tnr w or UUL 1U uie "eaLmjr 1UI weeK: rtUU:, . , ceipt ot tne toll-owing circular letter months at. a timn. Such nrantices carat ,, i.l.n. ,. f V. r.ln TUhnfixy inc yiuiivo ui 111c iuiu. m uukwould the farmer think of the manu-years, says Henry S. Graves, Chief ofthe Forest Service, in ihis annual re-this city, "Wednesday morning, after but M16 acres, or 30 per cent, lesd is asked in the matter of encouraging' The Cemetery Board met Wednesday morning and released A. T. HillockMyers & McClintock, of Paris,as sexton, who :iad tendered his resig- bought from farmers in Nicholas er ine PaiI-earers win oe ur. v.nation some weeks ago, and appointed i Harrison, Fleming and Motgomcn C" Usserj' E- M- Costello, William Hin his place Mr. S. E. Bruce. Mr. r.onntis. ?R bond nf nA mS fi,Webb, Dr. F. P. Campbell, James M.Hillock retires Februarv 1st. at -ivliip.h j ssn o oo r cn-rr .. i tO'Brien and E. M. Dicksontime Mr. Bruce will take possession l The samo firm sniri n inri nf Tn,,i" Mrs Grannan was the widow of Mr.Mr. Hillock .purchased a 320-acre to a Lexington buyer for an average ofsarm in. iuisbissippi. last lan. iie amr about $185 per headims ramaiy win moe to it early ina short illness of pneumonia, will be j than the average per year for the peheld at the Ohurch of the Annuncia-iriod 1911-1915 inclusive. The averagetion, in this city, at 9:30 o'clock this loss per fire was $60.41. Forty-four(Friday) morning, with services con- per cent, of the fires were confined toducted by Rev. Father Eugene De- areas of less than one-quarter of anBruyn. The burial will follow on tlw'acreluuiuy ruL in me runs uliioiic jem-:During line fiscal year 1916, 705,872acres of National Forest timberlandswere estimated and mapped intensively, and 1,093,006 extensively. In all,farmers and others to hsr Hip. nnrw.!? racturer wno neglected nis machinery.'post system in disposing of their foodThe manufacturer would be a mightyproducts. : poor business man, yet the farmer, whu"In view of the high prices of lood is the greatest producer, allows hisproducts now prevalent throughout the machines to rust and go without care,country, it Is desired that you adver I Every farmer should have a ,place touse and advocate in everv wav ,nrac L i x.- u Z -i-ticable the facility offered' by tjie par foreaus machinery. A small buildingeel post for the shipment of fanm pro-io sltnPIe construction, located beducts directly from the producer to the .tween the house and barn is best. Aconsumer. Investigate thoroughly this! long shed not more than 18 feet wide,matter as it affects your city and be provided with continuous doors along20,815.798 acres have been mapped by i prepared to advise patrons and civil one side, is more convenient for re-intensive methods and 47,291,660 by ex-1 organizations in an intelligent and j moving implements than a widerS"LnS?1!?n rLomDare . P5' building. A small shop included at onscpPnnri ynnA of vrmv mo f uiny. end is a great convenience in keepingThe work of classifying and opening ' r,.!0, f ? i ? 'imolements in reDair. . . , . ,i i ii eggs, fresh meat, and other farm pro-. umpiemenis m repair,to homestead entry such ands m theiduce with the ices for theMNational Forests as are chiefly valua- ;modities by your patrons. The differ- SECOND KENTUCKY REGIMENTble for agriculture is .progressing rap-jence is the "present cost to the con ( TO GO TO FT. THOMAS,idly. Already over seventy million jsumer in your city of bringing thesMrimrton. Mr. Pence will move his shon eniofl whirh i mmiiriMi nf cnor.i nmi Mrs RiHinrri WniKh nnd nnii.acres nave Deen covered oy neia ex-i.oon proaucts irom tiie fanm to th"! The Second regiment. Kentucky Na-frri-n Uie room now occupied by him. ' glass to absorb certain of the ravs of grated from the old country to Amor--animations and the final reports acted table. Compare this cost on various tional Guard, which it was planned toSlie WaS mar- UPOn. u.nwwi ..iuh uic JJUH.Ci'pul. tlWlge JH UIIUK UI LiU.XUlgUJIl 1UI UUUlUUllttlLlUil.February.Mrs. T. R. Rigdon and AlfredPonce will open a barber shop and poolroom in the property oi the I. 0. O. Plodge, on Main street, recently vacated j developed to a diigh degree of perfecSuch a la;np has now been patSCIENTIFIC LAMP.The electric reflecting lamp, sometimes known as the projector, is bein- native county Waterford, Ireland,Joseph Grannan, who was a wellknown resident of Paris for manyyears, having been engaged in the : tensive onetlrods.merchant tailoring business here forthe greater part of his life. Mr. Grannan preceded his wife to the grave Inheoruary, su. iurs. urannan was a&y tjhe dry goods store of C. W. Coi- tion.where she was born on October 19.1832. She was tfie daughter of Mr.The new shop when completed, and light which are recognized as more or a in tne Garl' da'sTV0 Tr"1 T"VtV 11ffV 11 f -- niimrrr. "mTr "rVVr"."i"'.less injurious to the eyeAjjcu.ua, w in ij; uiic vjl uir luuai. vjju-I .plete in Central Kentucky.The writer proposes, beginningvith the next issue of THE NEWS toSive a brief history of all the propertyof Millersburg, beginning with Mai eh,1SS9, at which time die .moved to Millersburg. He proposes to take up theproperty systematically, beginning atthe head of a street, and taking theThe injur-ried to Mr. Grannan in Maysville,coming to Paris in 1860. where theyoccur toward, and beyond, had bth resided c011tinuously sIllcend of the spectrum, oy , MrS- Grannan was a woman of re-i lueutifui mpiueius iuoui in sman iois win ue sent to rort l nomas, accordInvestigations by the Forest Pro- and m 50-pound packages.) This dif ing to plans submitted by Adjutantducts Laboratory, at Madison, Wiscon- ference, in each case, is what may be General Tandy Ellis to the War de-naa oeeuious raysthe violet end of the spectrum. By, MrS- Grannan was a woman of re-'e,-,, w mcitmi ,ft iio'nf nPn saved on a commodity by those who S partment. A propositionmoulding tiie reflector of a greenish- mnrk-nhin mpniniifv nnri nno nf Iip.- . ', , . , " r. .,. to tno trouble ot making an arrangi- made to d"piobiliz th Second reelyellow glass these upper rays of light chief pleasures in her later days was J?"" " lZ "., niipn nTnP ,n?"L for securm- foo(1 supplies by par -ment at Lexington, but as given upare absorbing, and the reflector gives to ihave friends call and tell her of sh,g, I? the extent ot 100 tons pei ce ost. atter a Board of Commerce cosnmittcooff a soft yellow. It has been found the important news happenings of th- week- T.hc value ,i the ,a nas been farmers within the first and set- had made an in cstigatisn and foun-1treated light is' day, both at home and abroad. She 'e,e.v ":i-uuht:u uum- w iit& f unu .unw sutmm ue mspirpu y inj io suitaoie quarters wnicn couiu dbhnil n kppn rpusp nf hnmnr mid m.-, 2.50 per ton. uui.jhi uuiiiui eu opporrunity to ex- nmup avauxoie without consiueraoiethat this specially treated light ismore effective in piercing fog and mist ,than ordinary electric light, and thtat her happiest when relating somof the events of past days in Pari.-,.She was a companionable, wholetanT.3si unnmreu opportunity to ex-. XT .. . panel tho luiiupss or producing and expense Tl:e First and Third regi-There were cul irom the iNatiomu soni,lg dirpctly to xhe consumers ii meiUs w ill probably be demobilized atForests in the fiscal year U16, 604, your city butter, ectrs and such meat i nnicvillp. mid nrrnmrpments are beinirsouled woman, a charitable one who -"."" uuuiu letx ul lhuwci. ui una aim veiieuuiie pronucis as your nivos- made tor the mustering out or tnenever let anyone suspect her manv amount 110.483,000 board feet was cut tigation shows can be shipped in that State troops there. The demobilizakind rtpprts Shp was a devoted meni- under free use privilege by 42,055 indi- way with a sufficient margin of profit tion of the troops will not sever theproperty in order. This will also fur- new lamps are being used successfulnish fairly a good history of Millers- for fog-lamps.burg fnTi 1SS9 down to the present. ,If this plan is carried out it will re-' FEED THE BIRDS,quire about two years to .publish thesame, wilih one piece of property each The Fish and Game Commission ha - strictly up to its teachings in all her were made, of which 97 ppr cent were that this buesiness canibue. ne iisu piue w ten :u iu. uuen requesting peopie to leeu me life and in Uer dealings with the world uuder $100 in value, indicating the exas he can where the occupants of the birds. It has been our observation , and the people ar0und her. tpn, to which the .homesteader ranch-various pieces of property, who were- that some Paris people have been feed-! she is survived bv the following . ,, uiomesi .aaer, rdrn.iihere at the time of his arrival, or have ine several "birds" who snpnt their -u.-i.i-.,. Air.-m n x. er,nuiier, hiuuu muuuaii. .nm uLnuia u.moved from here since then, now re- money last summer riding the Sunday .Elizabeth Grannan. both of Paris; nee(l or a limlle(1 Quantitjside af living, or where they are buried excursions to Cincinnati. Miss Marv Grannan and Mr. Edward draw upon the Forpsts.ber of the Catholic church, and lived viduals. In all. 10,810 sales of timberof timberIjljJJIilliiJSI u&WALK&OVERzIn All Departments!All Winter Shoes andRubbers Must Go!Despite the great advance in the price of Shoes and Rubbers, w ehave greatly reduced all short and broken lines in Men's, Ladies' an dChildren's Footwear.PREPARE NOW!An opportunty offered you to supply yourself for present and future needs,and take advantage of this BARGAIN CLEARANCE SALE!ILK mWlSL. JftlStt JPeL$?Wmr BHI fi kMThey should be cautioned, however, connection of the individual melnbersn-.it be de- with the national guard. Those mem-veloped and maintained unless they bers cf the guard who took the re-are willing to share liberally with the quired Federal oath will remain memcustomer in the city the saving whicL hers of the guard and as such will beis effected by parcel post shipment reserves of the United States armyFarmers must be brought to under- until the expiration of tiheir enliststand Unit the city customer in dealing ment. Other members of the Kenwith thefm by mail foregoes the advant- tucky companies may leave the images of credit, -personal inspection of tional guard after thirty days from dogoods, and immediate delivery, aii'I mobilization.that he naturally can not be expectedto deal by parcel post unless he canbe assured of better products at less EVERY TIME WE WINK WEprice. j GIVE THE EYE A BATHCome here tomorrowLadies' Dark Russia Calf Boots6.00 values $3.95Ladies7 Dull Kid High Cut Boots$4.50 valuesLadies' Patent Kid Cloth Top Boots$5.00 valuesLadies' Patent and Gun Metal Shoes$3.50 valuesLadies' Gun Metal, button, $2.50 valuesLadies' Felt Boudoirs, $1.00 valuesLadies's Felt Juliets, fur trimmed$1.50 values3.492.992.491.69.59Men's Russia vnd Platinum Calf English WalkOver Samples, $6.00 values $4,00Men's Russia and Platinum Calf Walk-Overand Beacon, $4.50 values 3.49Men's Gun Metal English Medium Toe Welts,$4.00 values 3.99Men's Gun Metal Button and Lace$3.00 values.99S Men's Tan and Black Romeos$l.o0 valuesMen's Black Felt Slippers75-cent values1 .9999.49j Every few seconds we wink both our'ENTERPRISING LEXINGTON eyelids at once, although not pur-HANDS OUT ADVICE posely. If we stop winking, our eyesbecame uncomfortable and gradually1 The following editorial appeared in cense tv uork as they should. When'n recent issue of the Lexington L)ail.. uhe eye is open the front of it is exLeader. Coming frr.m Lexingtor. posed to dirt and dust and is apt l.which is always grabbing off ever- become so drv that a painful stingingthing in the way it can from the mer- sensation results or would do so if conchants of the surrounding towns, r L moistlu.0 were not provided todoes have a strange sound. Pans peo , , . , n ?.pie who have been admonished tod, cleansc and othe the tissues'their trading with home people, and! As a matter of fact each tune wewho seemingly prefer to give their pat wink we wash the eye. says the PopUronage to Lexington merchants should lar Science Monthly. Up above eachread every line of this editorial ani eye is a tiny water bag cailed the tearsee if it doesn't have a strange sound giand, and all the time we are awaksomewhere: ;it makes tears when the front of the'TURCHASES WITHOUT SERVICE le'e feels itself becoming a little tooi dry or dusty a communication it sent' " 'Going farther and faring worse. for a supply of moisture. The eyelidHow truly this trite old .phrase applies theu COlmes down with a tear insidein buying home supplies. People will R to WMh dean the front of eyeJpay car fare to some distant city, ex- . . . . .. d Derfecthaust themselves with a dav of shop- lhls 1S V e , ". e, periecujping, waste valuable time, and return washin5 m the world.with goods they could have bought a "Ihome. And they admit it. .THR1CE-A-WEEK EDITION".Making a wise purchase is not OF THE NEW YORK WORLDI simply handing over your money to oBoys', Misses' and Children's Shoes af Bargain Prices.FROM THEMacDonald-Kiley Bankrupt SaleMen's High Grade M. & K. $ 1 O.OO and $ 1 2.00 ShoesVarsity Shoes AA to DON SALE MERE AT ONE-HALF PRICEmachine. You want siViie personalservice. You don't get that out of a. 'nail order house shipment, or from'some stranger clerk in a distant department store., "On tcie contrary, the home me:, chant and his clerks try to make a'sale that will fit your needs. Thsvgive you the benefit of their intei!:gence and experience. They speak ofdefects to be avoided and give information about goods. In making this, kind of purchase, you get service,something more than the tnerc good i! handed over the counter. And if theyj don't fit, you get satisfaction."3D-a:n" ooHEiisrParis' Greatest Shoe Store.335 Main Street, Paris, Ky.The value and need of a newspaperin tihe household was never greaterthan at the present time. The greatwar in Europe is now half-way into, its third year. and. whether peace beat hand or yet be far -off. it and thnevents to follow it are sure to be ofabsorbing interest for many a monthto c :411cThese are world-shaking affairs, inwdiich the United States, willing or unwilling, is compellc. to take a part.Xo intelligent person can ignore sucitissues.' THE THRICE-A-WEEK WORLD'Sj regular subscription price is only S1.00per year, and this pays for 756 papers. We offer this unequalled nev3paper and THE BOURBON" NEWS together for -one year for $2.75.The regular subscription .orice of th.The Nenana coal field, Alaska, wiil . two papers is $C.OO. ftf)be tributary to the Government rail- jroad now under construction from Sew- j RAINBOW TROUT FOR "UPPER'ard to Fairbanks. Though the coal of CUMBERLAND ARE SECUREDthis field is lignite and hence of lo jgrade, yet it has great value as a I li 10,000 rainbow trout secured frcynJ source of fuel and power for Fairbanks tne Government hatchery at Louisville ''and other Yukon place camps. The,D' tno Kentucky Game and Fish Com(field is about 60 miles south of Fair-,mission thrive in the headquarters o"I banks. It is estimated by the United, tne Cumberland in Harlan countj.t States Geological Survey Department where they will be placed the first of,of the Interior that the Nehana fieid 'next week. Kentucky mountaiacontains sone ten billion tons of lig- streams soon will be stocked with gamemite. The Nenana coal field lies in; fish, which have attracted snnrfesmonTEN BILLION TONS OF COAL.attracted sportsmenwhat it known as the Bonnifield re-. and made fam'ous northern and wesLgion, which also contains some goldjern fishing camps.,H.io uittu u.o uccu luincu iu n. xmc ii out require cool water andsmall way for the last 10 years. Thij Poor and" Clover Forks of the Cumberdistrict is described in a report en- land were selected by Executivetitled "The Bonnifield Region. Alaska" Agent J. Q. Ward as the imot fryor(Bulletin 501), which can be obtained able waters for the experiment Theon application to the Director of the fish lecured are fine specimen and.Geological Survey, Washington, D. C. tke experimeat will lbbrTwl wikk vi' ra wtchfules.tt