. "3- i.' ; ji'i w -er" - j-'h- -&m"ATHENEWSs2? --i- tPUBLISHED EVERY TUESDAY AND FRIDAY IN THE YEAR.irrVOLUME XXXVIIPARIS, BOURBON COUNTY, KENTUCKY, TUESDAY, AUGUST 14. 1917BOURBONAtiWORK OP BOURBON EXEMPTIONBOARD PRACTICALLYCOMPLETED.With the physical examination Saturday of the last man on the list ofthe 228 summoned before the Bour'fcon County Board of Exemptionunder the provisions of the draftingact, the work of that organizationwas, in a largo measure, practicallycompleted, though there is yet worklor them to do.Thirty-four out of the 228 mencalled for military service did notclaijin exemption The remainder tookthe count and a large majority ofthem claimed exemption under different guises. On account of the largenumber who made this claim andthose who were rejected for physicaldisability it is probable that anothercall will have to be made in thecounty.In most instances exemption wasclaimed on the sole ground of dependants, wives, children, orphans, agedand infirmed parents, while othersmade the claim cf industrial workers and farmers. The County Boardof Exemption will meet again today to pass upon such of these casesas in their judgment will have to bereferred to the District Board of Exemptions, which began its sessions inLexington yesterday.The roll of honor contains the following names of young men who hadthe moral and physical courage towaive any right of exemption and tostand up boldly for military servicefor Uncle Sam in his hour of need:m fcsJs is m E3 Tss fe a is fca m laIS 151Sam J. Wiggins, EaTS Allie Clay Dettwiler, Eala Frank Nelson Higgins, aIS Orville Britton, ISta Chas. Henry Butler, Jr., ?SSamuel Biddle,Clarence Henderson, fa"Fa Gus Hickland, 2i"fe Raymond Myers, issJohn Wesley Taylor, faIS Herbert Milton King, fafa Joe Baker, faIS Charles E. Wilson, fafa Moses B. Sparks, fSfS Will White, fafa Charles R. Bland, fsa?a George Mitchell, fa?a Isaiah Downey, fsfa Adam Dudley, fafa Dennis Allen, fafa Percy Thomas, fSfS James McBride, fafS William Pen in, fafs Ulysses G. ATunday, fafa William Fields, PSfa Robert Givens, fSfa Clarence P. Wasson, fsfa Martin Turner, fsfa George E. Letton, faIS Will H. Johnson, fSfs Strawther Prewitt, fafS Henry MyeTs, fam Clark W. Thomas, fats Willie Barton. fSis PaTsfsrsfalsisfsfsfafsfaffsThe following were examined Friday:David Allen, physically unfit, discharged. Will Myers, physically unfit, discharged. Herman McCarthy, fit, claims exemption, wife.Henry Clay Guthrie, physically fit,claims exemption, wife.Alfred H. Ginter, physically fit,claims exemption, wife.Jesse Masden, physically fit, claimsexemption, industrial worker.Lucien C. Terrill, physically fit,claims exemption, father.Leo W. McKinney, physically fit,claims exemption, wife.Omer E. Banta, physically fit,claims exemption, wife.Edward Fithian, physically unfit,discharged.Arthur Russell, physically fit,claims exemption, wife.Walter S. Meng, physically fit,claims exemption, wife.Dempsey C. Poe, physically fit,claims exemption, industrial worker.Washington Jackson, physically-UI1UI, UiaviliO-x 6v;vl. ITJlysess G. Munday, physically fit,no claim for exemption.Richard H. Waller, physically fit,claimsexemption, wife.Joseph-Bell, physically fit, claimsexemption, industrial worker.Wm. "Fields, physically fit, no claimfor exemption. .Wm. D. Smart, physically fit, claimsexemption, wife. v mLaurie Buckhalter, physically fit,claims exemption, wife.Harry W. Linville, physically fit,claims exemption, wife.Wm. Ritchie, physically fit, claimsexemption, wife.Robt. R. McCray, physically fit,claims exemption, wife.Robt Givens, physically, fit, noclaim for exemption.Robt. L. Link, Jr., physically fit,claims exemption, mother.Jesse W. McKee, physically fit,claims exemption, wife.Robert M. Johnson, physically fit,claims exemption, wife.Graham Young, physically unfit,discharged. ,John R. Roche, physically unfit,discharged. , .Omar Mattingly, physically fit,claims exemption, wife.Robert L. Blevins, physically fit,claims exemption, bad health.Madison Breeze, physically fit,claims exemption, farmerClarence P. Wasson, physically fit,no claim for exemption.1.THE PROVOST MARSHAL SCORESWHOLESALE EXEMPTIONS.Wholesale claims for exemptionfrom the army draft, reported frommany sections, caused Provost Marshal Gen. Crowder to telegraph theGovernors of the States directing thatlocal boards "reduce discharges fordependency to a far more restrictedclass and to very necessitatious andclearly denned circumstances."In some districts as high as 80 percent, of the registrants called for examination are filing claims for discharge on the ground of dependentrelatives. Such a condition1 indicatesGen. Crowder said, that unfair advantage is being taken of the regulations designed to protect men whoproperly should be exempted frommilitary service and actually threatens to interfere seriously with theraising of the army.fa fa fa"GLENWOOD" SOLD TO ED. SIMMSFOR $150,000."Glenwood," the magnificent county estate of Mr. and Mrs. Edwin K.Thomas, on the Stony Point pike, in.this county, containing over ninehundred acres, has passed by purchase into the hands of Mr. EdwardF. Simms, of Paris, and Houston,Texas. The deal was closed Saturday, the price paid being $150,000.This farm has been famous formany years as the home of high-classShorthorn cattle and of many trotting horses that have made history inthe show ring.The farm has on it a handsomeand commodious brick residence,which, it is said, stands in the sameyard in which once stood a house inwhich President Abraham Lincoln'sgrandfather once lived.Mr. Simms will add "Glenwood"to his fine county estate, "XalapaFarm," widely known as one of theshow places of Central Kentucky.Joe Evans Kelley, physically fit,claims exemption, wife.Will S. Arnsparger, physically fit,claims exemption, bad eyes.Reese Stith, physically unfit, discharged. Chas. O. Wilmott, physically fit,claims exemption, wife.Martin Turner, physically fit,claims no exemption.Geo. E. Letton, physically fit, claimsno exemption.Will H. Johnson, physically fit,claims no exemption.Wm. Ritchie, physically fit, claimsexemption, wife.Thos. E. McDonald, physically unfit, discharged.Garrett Evans, physically fit, claimsexemption, wife.Wm. F. Guthrie, physically fit,claims exemption, wife.Edgar Dodge, physically fit, claimsexemption, farmer.Ollie Snapp, physically fit, claimsexemption, farmer.Alex Keller, physically unfit, dismissed. Earl Fleming, physically fit, claimsexemption, farmer.Charles Prather, physically fit,claims exemption, farmer.Jeff C. Elgin, physically fit, claimsexemption, mother. "Joe Stith, physically unfit, dismissed. Albert Frederick, physically fit,claims exemption, wife.George Beasley, physically fit,claims exemption, wife.Harold W. Snell, physically fit,claims exemption, wife.Strawther Prewitt, physically fit,no claim for exemption.Ed. D. Kellis, prysically unfit, dismissed. Henry Myers, physically fit, noclaim for exemption.Thos. Green, physically fit, claimsexemption, wife.Ralph Crawford, unfit, discharged.Geo. Christopher, unfit, discharged.Ireland Davis, unfit, bad ear, discharged. Thomas Emmett McDonald, physically unfit, rejected.Edward Douelas Kellis, physically unfit, discharged.Rov Hoard Lovell, physically unfit, discharged:Alex M. Keller, -physically unfit,discharged.Jim Clay, physically fit, claims exemption, wife and child dependents.Lewis Kellis, physically unfit, discharged. James Edward Cain, qualified.James Thompson Kenton, physically fit, claims exemption, wife and sister dependents. tWilliam Ernest Tutt, physically unfit, discharged.John Christopher, physically fit,claims exemption, wife and child dependents. Samuel Florence Wagoner, physically fit, claims exemption, wife dependent. Robert Feddars, physically, fit,claims exemption, wife dependent.Sam Smock, physically" fit, claimsexemption, wife and child dependents. Stanhope Wiedemann, physicallyunfit, discharged.novo fi-f-o'n'honcn'n iVhvsfrnllv fitclaims exemption, wife and childrendependents. jLeo Chinn, physically fit, claims ex- jemption, industrial. ICharlie Morris, physically fit,'claims exemption, wife dependent.Thomas Jackson, physically unfit,discharged.Willie Barton, physically fit, noexemption claimed.Ollie Breeze, physically fie, claimsexemption, wife and child dependent.j, Clark W. Thomas physically fit, hoexemption, claimed. --' tBRUTE IN HUMAN FORM BEATS, WX)MAN SEVERELY:One of the worst cases of brutalitythat has come to the attention of the he had been attending the Blue GrassCourt in many years was tried in Fair, to his home in Knoxville, Tenn.,Judge McMillan's court yesterday af- a man giving the name of C. L. Rogternoon, when Henry Hawkins, color- ers, aged thirty-five, was placed uned, was presented on a charge of as- der arrest at the Fordham Hotel insault and battery, preferred by this city late Saturday afternoon byfriends of Sarah Leer, also colored, Patrolman Geo. W. Judy and Deputyj who was unable to appear in court. Sheriff Ollie Marshall on a charge ofTf woe nr.-aA t, 4- i. A 'shipping liquor not properly labelledL X Tr? T v the,Leer wo- into local tion territory.W'-Tr, hadeenhfwlthHaw- R accompanied by severalf came to Paris from Lex--u . " " WUUUB '".ington on the interurban car, carry-the vicinity of Claysville, at a late!LfLn!!Hki"S:d.had transferred from the interurban.,-.. , ucatu. xu woiuduwas in anunconscious conditionwhen found, and the matter was reported to the police. The woman'shead was beaten almost to a pulp,her features being nearly unreconiz-able. It was stated that Hawkins took vel d a suspicious leak. investigate woman's head between his knees tion showed that Hquor from a brQ.51Tir? oIiKqtq iair nnunilAil rml V-4-lher with some blunt instrument,smothering her cries by gagging her.Her screams before she became unconscious, were heard in Claysville.Chief of Police FredLink instituteda search for Hawkins, upon whomsuspicion had fallen, and found himsitting on a rock fence on the Winchester pike, about three miles fromthe scene. He admitted the chargeand was brought to Paris and placedin jail.In Judge McMillan's court yesterday afternoon the testimony of wit-inesses showed the same trend, to theeffect that Hawkins was the guiltyman, and his own admission was usedagainst him. Upon learning of theserious condition of the Leer woman,whom physicians stated would probably die, Judge McMillan sent Hawkins tn inii in nwnif T10 mttnnmo nfher injuries.Hawkins has a bad record, havinz,just been released from the Frankfort reshipping it to Knoxville, fined himReformatory, where he had been sent! ?50 and costs- Rogers paid the fine,up for four years for breaking into , Tne liquor was confiscated, and Roga store house at Stony Point, this ers and his companions proceedeedcounty.1 E3 feAGED NEGRO DIES SUDDENLY.While engaged in putting away aload of coal at the home of Mr. Ed-ward Burke, on High street, GeorgeWashington, colored, aged seventy,was stricken with an attack of heart morial Hospital Board of Trustees,trouble and expired in a few nio- Mr. Lowry succeeds Mr. W. L. Yerkes,LMents. iwho has moved to Pasadena, Califor-Coroner Davis investigated the nia, to reside permanently. The apcase, ascribing the man's death to pointment was made by Mayor Johnl.eait disease, superinduced by over- T. Hinton, and approved by a unanie ertion and heat. mous vote of the City Council.1iWE KNOW HWSTRAW HATSATHALFOur entire line of HopkinsStraws we place on sale today at one-half original price.Right now is when you need a cool, comfortableStraw the worst, when the old Straw has become soiledand shabby. You can freshen up your appearance bygetting the pick of a brand new straw at a very smallprice. All sizes 6 3-4 to 7 5-8.75 CentsTo:,$3.00Soft Brims and Stiff Brims, Plain Sailors, Curled-brimmedAlpines and Telescope shapes.Don't delay; buy while your styleandsize is here.Mitchell & BlakemoreOur store clocts at 5 p p. m. except Saturdays""",J- and Court Days."BOOTLEGGER" HAD THREETRUNKS FULL OF GOODS.En route from Lexington, whereing with him three trunks, which hestation to the Louisville & NashvilleQBM . mii, .-I yooocugci oiaiiuu etc -Lentil aueei, intending, as he stated, to take the afternoon southbound train to Knox-ville. In having the trunks checkedto their destination one of them deken package was slowly oozing out onthe platform.News of the discovery was promptly communicted to the police andRogers, who had gone to the Fordham Hotel for supper, in companywith two companions, was placed under arrest on the charge of bringingliquor into local option territory notproperly marked. The three trunk?j were found to contain ninety-threequarts of whisky, the sight of whichcreated a thirst in the arid atmosphere of Paris that was simply appalling, so it was stated by thos'e whowitnessed the exhibit. Rogers statedthat he could get four dollars foreach quart in Knoxville.With the three trunks and theircontents as incriminating evidence,Rogers was taken before Police JudgeJanuary, who, upon the reputedowner's admission thatthe liquorhad been brought into "dry" territory by him, with the intention ofsadly and tearfully toward the landof the South minus the "booze.""E3 153 isNEW BOARD MEMBER.At the recent session of the ParisCity Council, Mr. Frank Lowry, ofthe firm of Lowry & May, was appointed a member of the Massie Me-PRICE!G0VERNMENT ASSUMES CONTROLOF FOOD SUPPLY.With the signing of , the administration food survey and regulation billsby President Wilson at Washington,Friday evening, the American Govemnrent assumed control of the foodsupply of the country. Formal announcement of the appointment ofHerbert Hoover as food administrator was made at the White Housesoon after the rneasure was approved,and later Mr. Hoover set forth theaims of the food administration in astatement declaring that its purposewill be to stabilize and not to disturbconditions.The two measures figned Fridaygives the Government sweeping wartime powers. The regulation bill isdesigned to put food distribution directly under Government supervision,and a provision added as an amendment ; extends an even more drasticGovernment control over coal, andother fuels, including the power tofix prices and authorizing Government operation of the mines. Thesurvey bill is intended to encourageproduction and give the authority tokeep up a continuous census of theamount of foodstuffs in the UnitedStates. It will be administered bythe Department of Agriculture. Boththe food administration and the agricultural department have been readysince long before the bills were passed to go ahead wifh the work. Thefood administration ha? already assembled a staff and is interesting thewomen of the country m a householdsaving campaign. Tho Federal TradeCommission is gathering informationregarding the alleged manipulationof food prices by the manufacturersand wholesale dealersHerbert C. Hoover, food administrator, yesterday announced the plansfor the control of wheat, flour andbread. They are specific and comprehensive. They have been worked outfully in view of the distributing conditions of the European war and thepart this country ttill has to play.They provide: .1. For the vigorous prosecution forpersons who hold more wheat or flourthan is required in their normal business.2. For the maintenance of a fairsupply throughout the country byseizing, if necessary, the entire 1917harvest and determining the cost tothe consumer.3. For food administration or agencies at the principal wheat terminalsthroughout the country.4. For the res trie don of storage to30 days, unless special permit is given by the food administration.5. For the elimination of speculation by compelling all mills and elevators with more than 100 barrelsdaily capacity to take out a Government license.These regulations will go into effect September 1.?a HaBOURBON PEOPLE IN AUTO ACCIDENTS. Their machine "turning turtle" onthe Paris and Clintonville pike Sunday afternoon, .Mr. Wm. Flanders anda young woman companion, MissMary Elizabeth Breen, were thrownout and severely bruised.Mr. Flanders, who was driving, insome planner lost control, and theauto swerving from the pike wasoverturned, pinning the occupants beneath it. Both sustained minor injuries. The car was considerablydamaged, the front wheel beingbroken off and the wind shieldsmashed.Another machine was secured andneighbors brought Mr. Flanders andMiss Breen to Paris, where their injuries were given medical attention.The auto, an Oakland, which belonged to Mrs. Flanders' mother, Mrs.R. E. Flanders, of Walker avenue,was brought to a local garage for repairs. A Ford machine, in which CharlesThrockmorton and Miss Nonerle Mcpherson, both of Paris, were ridingyesterday afternoon, "turned turtle"at a curve in the road on the Winchester pike, near the old toll house.It was presumed the driver lostcontrol of the machine at that point,which is a sharp curve. Miss Mcpherson sustained severe bruises, cutson the arm and a deep gash in oneknee. Throckmorton sustained severe bruises and had one leg injured.Physicians were summoned andafter first-aid-to-the-injured treatment, the injured were removed totheir homes. The machine was' considerably damaged.KENTUCKY STATE .SUNDAYSCHOOL CONFERENCE.An all-day Sunday School Conference under the auspices of the Kentucky State Sunday School Association, the Rev. Dr. George A. Joplin,of Louisville, Secretary,' will be heldat Carlisle, to-morrow (Wendesday),August 15. Thos. B. Talbot, SundaySchool Missionary of West LexingtonPresbytery; W. J. Vaughn, field-worker for the State Association, anda number of other ivell-known Sunday School specialistswill speak.HSCAL COURT CONDEMNS EAST, PARIS BRIDGE AS UHSAEECharacterizing the old wooden(bridge over Stoner at the foot" ofMain Street as unsafe and a menaceto public traffic, the Bourbon FiscalCourt, at a special meeting held ia.the court house yesterday, orderednotices posted on the old structure,warning the public of the unsafecharacter of the bridge and thatthose who use it for heavy traffic doso at their own risk.It was pointed out by competentengineers who had .made a thoroughinspection of the bridge, that the approaches at the East Paris end ofthe bridge were rotting away, andthatwhile the bridge would be comparatively safe for ordinary traffic,some unusually heavy load or strainplaced upon it might result in its siring away, causing property loss, andprobably loss of life. It was shown,that the old bridge was constructedentirely of timber, put together withwooden pins and a few iron bolts, entirely inadequate for the purpose byreason of age and wear and tear formany years.The bridge was constructed in1825 by the father of the famousRobelings, who built the CincinnatiSuspension Bridge, and the Brooklyn Bridge, but has outlived its usefulness in its lifetiie of ninety-twoyears, in which time it has been inconstant and uninterrupted use. Ithas long been a bone of contentionbetween the city and county as towhich was responsible for its upkeep,the decision being finally that it wasthe county's duty to look after it.It now becomes the duty of both,the city and county to get togetherand replace the old bridge with amodern concrete structure, as at thepresent prices of structural steel abridge of that character would be outof the question. The traffic of allEast Paris must come through thisold bridge, and it is due to the residents of that section of the city andthe county that they be providedwith a safe structure over which tofind ingress to the city and to thecountry beyond. The members of theFiscal Court were in thorough accordon the subject, and the issuance ofthe warning to the traveling publicwas taken with the view of performing a public duty. -la 'SaCARD ER0M MR. WALTER CLARK.In appreciation of my nominationas Assessor of Bourbon county whichwas bestowed on ,me in the recentDemocratic primary, I desire to thankmy many -friends in the county forthus honoring me, and I promisethem that I shall discharge the dutiesof this office, if elected in November,to the best of my ability.I have no ill feelings against thosewho voted against me and I assurethem that I will treat them just asfairly and just as courteously asthose who saw fit to cast their votefor me. My purpose shall be to work:for the uplift of Bourbon county, mynative county, and I am grateful tothe voters for giving me this chance.Respectfully,WALTER CLARK.191 8 SfiCORONER'S VERDICT EXONERATES M0T0RMAN.The verdict of the Coroner's juryin the case of Mrs. Keene Danielrkilled by an interurban car at Nineteenth street last Thursday, absolvesMotorman Al. Haggard from blamefor the accident.The testimony adduced at the inquest, which was held in the courthouse at ten o'clock Friday morningshowed clearly that the motormanused every endeavor to avoid the accident. Several witnesses testifiedthat Mrs. Daniel had on a sunbonnet which was drawn closely abouther face obstructing a clear view ofthe approaching car and that she miscalculated the distance between herand the car.The verdict of the jury, composedof Charles May, foreman, CharlesGreen, H. M. Collins, J. W. Brown,Tilden Duncan and L. J. Fretwell,was rendered in accordance with thefacts elicited in the testimony. TheTraction Company was represented atthe inquest by Attorney WallaceMuir, of Lexington.The body of the unfortunate woman was taken in an automobile, accompanied by the funeral party in.automobiles, to Richmond at seveao'clock Saturday niorning. Funeralservices were held at the grarein the Richmond cemetery at ten,o'clock Saturday morning, conductedby the pastor of the Richmond Christian church. The sympathy of thecommunity is extended to the familyin their bereavement.PARIS REPRESENTATIVES OFTRACTION COMPANY.The law firm of Hinton, Bradley 4kBradley, of Paris, composed of Mr. .Oscar T. Hinton, of Paris, Comaiomwealth's Attorney Victor Bradley amdson, Mr. Craig Bradley, of Georgttown, has been selected by the Kentucky Traction & Terminal Coatftajrto represent their legal imtertata imParis and Bourbon county.ahi-vfta:llSitr j.M!54H15FJUGETWOThe Bourbon News"bibllthed 188135 Year of Continuous Publication.tbllshed Every Tuesday and Friday,ir Year... $2.00 Six Months... $1.00Payable in Advance.Si W1FT CAMP, Editor and Owner.Any erroneous reflection upon theCharacter, standing or reputation ofany person, firm or corporation which.May appear in the" columns of THEBOURBON NEWS will be gladfcr corrected if brought to attention of theditor.ADVERTISING RATESDisplay Advertisements, $1.00 perInch for first time; 50 cents per incheach subsequent insertion.Reading Notices, 10 cents per lineeach issue; reading notices in blacktype, 20 cents per line, each issue.Cards of thanks, calls on candidates, .obituaries and resolutions, andsimilar matter, 10 cents per line.Special rates for large advertisement? "and yearly contracts.The right' of publisher is reservedto decline any advertisement or other.H&tter for publication.Announcements for political officesmustf -invariably be accompanied bythe cash.THE DEMOCRATIC TICKET.Por State Senator George Hon, ofClark CountyTor Representative C. M. Thomas,of Bourbon County.Tor Sheriff Will G. McClintock.For County Clerk Poarce Paton.For County Judge George Batterton. For County Attorney David D.Cline.For County Superintendent of SchoolsJ. B. Caywood.For Jailer Thomas Taul.For Assessor Walter Clark.For Coroner Rudolph Davis, Paris.For Magistrate L- J- Fretwell, ParisPrecinct; John N. Shropshire,Centerville Precinct; E. P. Thomasson, Millersburg Precinct; Jno.S. Wiggins, Hutchison Precinct;R. O. Turner, Ruddles Mills Precinct; John S. Talbott, North Middletown Precinct; S. R. Burris, Little Rock Precinct; Lee Stephenson, Clintonville Precinct.For Mayor E. B. January.For Chief of Police W. Fred Link.For Councilmen First Ward JohnMerringer, John Christman andThos. Kiser; Second Ward S. K.Nichols, J. J. Veatch and JohnArkle; Third Ward Geo. Doyle.EDITORIAL MUSINGS.Keen The Boys In School.Bourbon county boys of school agehave had more opportunities to earnmoney this summer than they havehad during many vacation seasonspast. Mora places have been open tothem, and ate better wages than theyhave been receiving during theheated months of other years.Within a few weeks the schools ofParis and the county are again goingto open their doors, and it is safe topredict now that many of the youngfellows who have discovered duringthe summer that they can make fairlygood wages are going to be missing"when the teachers call the roll. It isgoing to be hard to make some ofthem see that they are standing intheir own light if they neglect to report for duty on the first day ofschool, and buckle down to theirtasks with even greater energy thanthey have in the past.You are going to hear an unusuallylarge number of boys of school agearguing this fall that there is no needof returning to school because theycan make "good money" in the positions they have held during the summer months. It will be hard to make, them understand that if they do notreturn to school and complete theircourse of study what they now call"good money" is also going to be"good money" for them after theyhave grown to manhood.The world needs men, not only menwith brains, but men with trained brains and the graded school is thethe first step toward this need. Aman can find good, clean work andcommand good wages, with splendidchances of advancement, if he has an..-education. But the boy who quits- school in .the eighth grade this yearwill find in the future that the "good' money" he gave up an education for- Is about as much as he is capable of. earning. By all means discourage theifcoy whowants to .continue in the po-sition he has held during the summerwhen the schools of Paris, the best inthe State, -and the schools of Bourboncounty, the best in the Blue Grass.section of the best State in the world,jagain open their doors.i Shaking of parties and receptionsa&u Socials, a Paris friend asks whatwould be the matter with a littlecommunity gathering in the backJtxi. -with everyone wearing a bathlag suit and someone to operate thexe? sAbut Jokes and Jokers.Hot long ago a woman resident of3Paris called THE NEWS office overtfcc 'hone arfd gave what purportedto fr the announcement of an engaf HMftt. On the face of it the an-nouncement appeared to be genuine;:and it was taken in good faith. Nat-'urallv the newsDaner man, like everyother individual, must-take for granted that a person is honest until theyprove themselves otherwise.Pubilcation of this item soonsoon brought out the fact that theannouncement had absolutely nofoundation in truth. Recalling thename of the party responsible an explanation was sought. And the explanation was the same as has beengiven to newspapers in every countyin this broad land. The party whohad telephoned in the announcementsaid: I only wanted to play a littlejoke."It is hard to make some people understand that while it is all right totell a joke between friends and acquaintances, a joke of this characternever look well in print. The coldtype makes it stand out more clearlythan when it is orally circulated. Theslander is greater and the maliciousness keener. These same people haveapparently never had their attentioncalled to the seriousness of jokingthrough the columns of a newspaperand that there is a strict lawagainst furnishing a newspaperwith false information. They goright ahead and repeat the performance, or along comes another of theirtype and attempts to duplicate the"joke."Don't joke through the newspapersIt is dangerous. Newspaper men willnot tolerate false reports.Keaaersof newspapers have no respect for apaper that is known to be untruthful and unreliable. Some day thetables will turn on you. and it willthen be too late to explain.Tf the Garden of Eden was any-thing like Paris has been for the past- -week or two we blame Eve for eventhinking of wearing a fig leaf.fe 3 E3AN IMPORTANT PUBLICATIONFREE FOR ASKING.The public generally will be interested in a new publication for freedistribution, now on the press, whichwill answer more than 1,000 questions pertaining to the location of thenew United States Army camps andstations and other matters of pertinent interest to those who have reltives or friends in the service. Thispamphlet will also contain a carefully prepared map showing the locationof every cantonment, camp and training station in the United States.There will also be complete and comprehensive lists of the various classesof fighting men, with their presentlocation, or if not mobilized, their ultimate destination in this country.Here are some of the importantquestions it will answer: "Wherewill he go for training before he goesto France?" "How shall I addresstelegrams or letters or express tohim?" "Where will our State guardregiments be encamped?" "Where areour aviators being trained?" "Whereare the main war hospitals to be located?" In fact this free bookletwill be a complete bird's eye view ofthe preparations Uncle Sam is makingto win the war.The supply of the new war timemap is limited. Copies may be hadfree of charge, upon application toany of the Union Pacific" Systemoffices or from Gerrit Fort, PassengerTraffic Manager, Union Pacific System, Chicago.m mCALLINGTHE TURNGRESS:ON CON-"How many days were wasted byAmerica in cuddling the delusion thatit need not prepare, as it was goingto avoid the war."How many days have been wastedTiy the conduct of Congress, sometimes maliciously, as in the filibuster, sometimes through lack of wisdom? "How many days were wasted bythe quarrel over the shipbuilding?"Of course not one of the lost dayscould be recalled, but it might bepossible to learn whether America,by a burst of extraordinary energyand an unselfish outlay of money, canrecover some of the prestige she lostwhen she let slip the days, themonths, the years."Thus queries the New York Sun,which should apply for the desiredinformation to a congress which hasspent nearly four months putting thecountry on a war footing by wrestling with the problem of what itshall allow a man to drink. CourierJournal. fa fa "P3THECALE ON A MAP.Distance on a map is measured byits "scale." By laying a rule on aGovernment map and ascertainingthe number of inches between twopoints the number of miles betweenthem can readily be calculated.Nearly all maps are drawn to a scalerepresenting one, two, three or morex 11.. i1. .-. -(-'Via JtTi 1C VlO: unit ofmeremenTin tneUnited States by which the eye is ac-customed to judge distance on paper.A scale of 1: 62,500, used in thewell-known United States GeologicalSurvey topographic maps, denotesthat one inch on the map represents62,500 inches on the ground, which, '. ,- w nf fno.iiP.tIS iue apyiWAuuain a mile. Therefore the scale is, ai-lliuat CAaunj, ""v wA scale or i:ii5o,uuu is apyiuAimatci- - - n r n. !-4-1,,.x i. 4, nnii n. rp.si.1p. ofIWU 11111CO IU WiiV, iux .1 000,000 represents sixteen milesto ntiA inr.h.A -woman's idea, of meanness issomething a man does that would bea mistake if she does it.THE BOURBON NES, PARIS, KY.WAR TAX THE .JpWjRPPEltMAN'S $UlEJr?JThe newly-enacte'd Senate revenuebill places an increase of twenty-fiveper cent, on the rate of newspaperpostage, and a special tax on newspaper incomes of more than $4,000.There is some consolation for editorsin the fact that every few newspapers in this section of the State canboast of a $4,000 annual income.This latter proposition will not affect very many of the weekly papersin the country, but of course thetwenty-five per cent, postage increasewill affect all of them. Every patriotic editor is willing to do his bitwhen it comes to paying war taxes,but just why newspapers should besingled out for a special tax is morethan we can comprehend.The newspapers of the UnitedStates have given hundreds of thousands of dollars' worth of good spaceto publications concerning enlistments, Red Cross work, navy andarmy work, food conservation, drafting for the army, the Liberty Loan,and others matters of this kind whichpositively could not have succeededwithout publicity such as the newspapers gave, as well as the individualpatriotic efforts of the editors of thepapers.The idea in placing a special taxon the newspapers is possibly becauseit is thought that the war news hadcaused a greater demand for the pa-pers and had tnereiore increased meirprofits. As a matter of fact, though,the war has had nothing to do withthe circulation of any save the dailypapers. The country papers havebeen too full of local happenings tosrive the war news any extendedoooo TTivon thp rinilv Tinkers do notCU J- x. ,- .--., t- XTget enough out of the war circulation to make up for the loss occasioned by the high price of paper.is ?aDOES IT JAR YOU.According to an Ascociated Pressdispatch from Washington "Congressmay turn itself into a great Chautauqua when it finishes work there,to enlighten every section of thecountry on the need of prosecutingthe war vigorously, not only as a warfor world democracy, but as a fightfor American rights and preservation." The plan is to effect thisgreat enlightenment by putting everySenator and every Representative onthe stump.Isn't the plan a dazzling one?Does the hart pant for the waterbrook as the country is panting forenlightenment from Congress on theneed of prosecuting the war vigorously? Do you think you can standthe darkness until you have a chanceat enlightenment by sitting througha stump speech by Stone, or Reed, orVardaman, or Gronna, or Harwick,or La Follette or any one of scoreaof the men who have made the present session of Congress the Kaiser'sp.hief f.omfort in America, and who,called in extra session to enact nec-jessary vital legislation for the prosecution of the war, have wasted thebetter oart of more than four preciousmonths in obstructing such ' legislation and yowling about prohibition?If Congress wants to do somethingfor the vigorous prosecution of thewar it should begin at home by cuttnig loose from the Kaiser and theprohibition lobby and getting downto its war work in earliest. CourierJournal. 1K5 3 feMEATLESS DAYS RECOMMENDEDEOR 'AMERICA.. xt4. . i fA recoiiMucuuauuu .. v w.meat be prohibited throughout ineUnited States on Tuesdays and Fridays was adopted and forwarded toHerbert Hoover, food administrator,by the United Master Butchers ofAmerica, meeting in the annual convention at Minneapolis, Minn.The recommendation also suggeststhat the government make an investigation into the prices of fresh andfrozen fish. Speakers asserted thatthe prices charged for fish on theretail market were unreasonablyhigh.Other resolutions indorsed a universal 6 o'clock ' closing law forbutcher shops, prohibiting slaughterof young animals and fowls and asystem of one delivery daily.133 tSI ISNEGRO COOKS AND WAITERWANTED BY NAVY.The navy recruiting station atLexington has received notice thatenlistment of musicians has been soheavy that no further efforts need bemade to get men for this departmentof the service. The lack of cooksand mess attendants, however, ismarked, and" instructions are thatnegroes who have had experience ascooks and waiters be taken in. ChiefGunner Manegold, in charge of thesituation, says that this is a new departure for the navy in recent years,as Tieirroes have not been enlistedsince the days of "wooden ships andiron men- IS 131 ISMADE A HRE OF BIBLES.(London Times.)Rmil Lehmann, German naval lieu-tenant, who escaped from an escotat Manchester Station and was re.., MT. T.Mr wncarrested at a. vma,6o .uu.. , .nrraie-ned before the Leek magis-w Jirtrt Tftmtoc nn rnn.1SH 11L SdUlUCAC. ilna.o - -- -was alleged tnax. ue uiuac . "iuu- , ,. ..of a Methodist cnapei, ana aiLi u-tering tne DUliams mauc a, "4 v ,number of iiioies.-A liar can eet no credit for itI even when he tells the truth.WEEiisTusiEifii no-MeTO THETJBIIC.4" " i -No more free copies of the "BOURBON NEWSNo more free copies of the -Ken-tuckian-Citizen.No more free copies of the ParisDemocrat. ,Single copies of paper five centseach.The high cost of all materials thatenter into the production of newspapers compel the publishers as amatter of self-protection and economy to adopt this course.Subscribers who fail to receivetheir paper, and advertisers whosecontracts include the paper, will bepromptly supplied.SWIFT CHAMP,Publisher BOURBON NEWS.BRUCE MILLER,Publisher Kentuckian-Citizen.WM. REMINGTON,Publisher Paris Democrat.July 27, 1917.la mHOW FAR CAN WE HEAR?A British learned society was somewhat exercised over the report thatPremier Lloyd George had heard thegigantic mine-explosions, heraldingthe beginning of the British advancein the Wytschaete salient, from hiscountry place in England. Last weekmany people in London claimed to beable to hear the cannonade in Flanders. The learned society treats thePremier with consideration. It saysthat the report of his long-distancehearing does not seem to be adequately substantiated. Of the Londoners who hear the fighting inFlanders, the savants say more curtly that they are suffering from imagination, as sound cannot carry 120miles, which is the distance intervening. It is more probable that theshocks of the explosions would be feltthan heard, they add.is isi laENDORSED AT HOME.Such Proof As This Should ConvinceAny Paris Citizen.The public endorsement of a localcitizen is the best proof that can beproduced. None better, none stronger can be had. When a man comesforward and testifies to his fellowcitizens, addresses his friends andneighbors, you may be sure he isthoroughly convinced or he wouldnot do so. Telling one's exepriencewhen it is for the public good is anact of kindness that should be appreciated. The following statementgiven by a resident of Paris adds onemore to the many cases of Home Endorsement which are being publishedabout D.oan's Kidney Pills. Read it.H. G. Hutchcraft, 1115 Main St.,Paris, says: "I have used Doan'sKidney Pills off and on for a greatmany .years and with good results.Whenever I have suffered from weakness or lameness across my back, Ihave always foundDoan's Kidneypi us. nrocurea irom me Araerv jjtukCo., never fail to relieve me of thecomplaint."Price 60c, at all dealers. Don'tsimply ask for a kidney remedy getDoan's Kidney Pills the same thatMr. Hutchcraft had. Foster-MilburnCo., Props., Buffalo, N. Y. (adv)to Ea fcsWIT IN THE TRENCHES.Wit is often shown in the noticeboards which our soldiers set up in,the trenches, says the London Globe:Thus a frequently shelled trench'Tunction bears the legend, "Don'tstand about here there's a war on."A printer in the Cornhill Magazinehas collected a number of these, oneof the best being a spot which hadonce been used by the Germans as adump for stores, now labeled, "Fritz'sDump Under Entirely New Management." A siege battery had the wholeside 6f their mess knocked out youcould drive a gun team into the holewhere the door had been. On a bitof remaining wall are the words,"Don't Standout There KnockingCome Right In."S!9iaASK ANYONE WHO HAS USED IT.There are families who always aimto keep a bottle of Chamberlain'sColic and Diarrhoea Remedy in thehouse for use in case it is needed, andfind that it is not only a good investment butsaves them no end of suffering. As to its reliability, ask-anyonewho has used it.(aug-adv)fe IS UsMarriage is sometimes a failurebecause a man is unable to thing ofthe right excuse at the right time.LOST.At the L. & N. Tenth Street passenger station in Paris, or on thestreets of Paris, a silver mesh bascontaining two tickets to Maysville,a ring, a, photo of a young girl, and$2 in currency. Finder please returnto this office and receive reward.Scrap Iron Wanted.1 am paying fifty cents per hundradfor all ktods of scrap Iron. Not leasthan 1,000 pounds This material canbe weighed at any city scales. This Ito be reliyered to the cars on the LouIsville & Nashville tracks, oppositthe freight depot.Call us over the Cumberland 'phon347-J.MAX MUNICH,TCirhth street. Paris. Ky.ioctfWrF ... . ,-EverbddKnowsHendricksTelephone. 2585 Lexington, Ky.All Metal(Higgins Mfg. Co.)Window ScreensWeather StripsWALGER AWNINGSBest Screen Doors and Windows InThe World.Window and Door Equipment's.T. A. HENDRICKSOffice and Residence, 264 Rand AvenueLEXINGTON, KY.ELIMINATEYOUR WORRIESHigh cost of living, warm weather andscarcity of labor is a condition where aROME TELEPHONEin your residence at reasonable rates andcourteous treatment to all would eliminate a good portion of the worries attributed to this cause.Call at our office or telephone 427, 411 or320 and place your order.Peris Home Telephone 8 Telegraph Go.(Incorporated)J. J. VEATCH,District Manager.. mm. mm mmwmI . fJT. IIHtaa0 m mm tarffeTtahriH rik MtaMiMtfMldlkEffective, Sunday,TRAINS FROM ARRIVALNo.34 Atlanta, daily ... .. 5:25 am25 Cynthiana, daily except Sunday 7:35 am10 Rowland, daily except Sunday : 7:36 &m i11 Maysville daily except Sunday ,- 7:38 am40 Lexington daily except Sunday'. -. , ...7:40 am'211 Maysville, Sunday anly 8:00 am .210 Rowland, Sunday only 8:05 am -140 Lexington, Sunday only 8:10 am37 Cincinnati, O., daily 10:05 am12 Lexington, daily , 10:02 am33 Chicago, daily .. 10:17 am -18 Lexington Dail Except Spnday 12:00 m9 Maysville, Daily Except Sunday 3:00 pan138 Lexington, Daily 3;07 pm38 Knoxville, Tenn., Daily 3:15 pm "19 Maysville, Daily 5:40 pm39 Cincinnati, Daily Except Sunday 5:50 pm14 Lexington, Daily Except Sunday 6:18 pm32 Jacksonville, Fla., Daily 6:33 pm239 Cincinnati, Sunday only 9:30 pm31 Cincinnati, O., Daily 10:38 pm130 Lexington Daily 10:23 p mTRAINS FOR ! : : "" LEAVENor- . j .-,.34 Cincinnati, waily 5:30 am40 Cincinnati, daily except Sunday .7:45 am11 Lexington, daily except Sunday 7:47 am10 Maysville, daily except Sunday 7:48 am?40 Cincinnati, Sunday osly ,.,,..,.... ,,,.,,,, t 8:20 amIS Lexington, daily except Sunday 10:25 am37 Knoxville, daily 10:32 am33 Jacksonville, daily ....' 10:22 am218 Maysville, Sunday only 12:04 pm129 Lexington, daily except Sunday 3:25 pm38 Cincinnati, daily , 3:20 pm39 Lexington, daily except Sunday. .,, 5:57 pm9 Rowland, Daily except Sunday 6:00 pm14 Maysville, daily except Sunday 6:33 pm32 Chicago, daily 6:38 pm30 Cynthiana, daily except Sunday 6:48 pm214 Maysville, Sunday only 9:30 pm239 Lexington, Sunday only 9:38 pm209 Rowland, Sunday only 9:40 pm19 Lexington, Daily 6:35 pmNO. TRAINS ARRIVE FROM2 Frankfort, Ky., Daily Ex, Sunday 7:38 a. m-4 Frankfort, Ky., Daily Ex. Sunday 5:50 p. mTRAINS DEPART FOR1 Frankfort, Ky., Daily Ex. Sunday 8:25 a. m.3 Frankfort, Ky.. Daily Ex. Sunday g:25 p. -,.FOR SALEA good 6-year-old gelding. Gooddriver, perfectly gentle, not afraid ofanything. Will stand without hitching. Can he bought at a bargain.B. M. WHEELER,(22-tf ) Eighth am Main, Paris, Ky.WTr JTUBSDAYUGUST 14, 1117.1W. H. CANNON,Local Manager.flwm m v mwm mmmVI Hi I H I J HiJune 17, 1917, 12:01 a. m.TinVTES-T.A.Bll.For Sale.Buick Roadster; good condition.Bargain for cash.Also two yearling mules.J. T. SWEENEY,Cumb. Phone 479 Box 206, -Home Phone 358 Paris.KyjKt-at-J ., ., j5iftp'iixm-a .U ,Tk--II311-j-J&U-,t. - -TM.M Ccw.!sr3:fii-csV-A-'".. wr&&sW$mMzTUESDAY, AUGUST 14, 1917,THE BOURBON NEWS, PARIS, KY.PAGEt.'1 &i4'X AYES! LIFT A CORN OFT WITHOUTPAIN.Cincinnati Authority Tells How to" Dry Up a Corn or Callous SoIt Lifts Off With Fingers.You corn-pestered men and womenneed suffer no longer. "Wear the shoesthat nearly killed you before, saysthis Cincinnati authority, because afew drops of Freezone applied directly on a tender, aching corn orcallous, stops soreness at once andoon the corn or hardened callousloosens so it can be lifted out, rootand all, without pain.A sniall bottle of Freezone costsvery little at any drug store, but willpositively take off every hard or softcorn or callous. This should be tried,"as it is inexpensive and is said not toirritate the surrounding skin.If your druggist hasn't any Freezone tell him to get a small bottle foryou from his wholesale drug house.It is fine stuff and acts like a charmevery time. (adv)fc E3 SGERMANY GETTING MONEYFROM GERMAN-AMERICANS?Federal agents have been investigating reports that thousands of dollars in money is being sent monthlyfrom Cleveland, 0., to Germanythrough the neutral Swiss government. Investigation, it is reported,has revealed that scores of Germansand persons of German extraction aresending funds to Germany, ostensiblyto relatives. Federal officials wantto learn whether any of this moneyis reaching the German government."ia P is .There is more 'Catarrh in this section of the country than all otherdiseases put together, and for years itwas supposed to be incurable Doctors prescribed local remedies, andby constantly failing to cure withlocal treatment, pronounced it incurable. Catarrh is a local disease,greatly influenced by consitutionalconditions and therefore requiringconstitutional treatment. Hall'sCatarrh Medicine, manufacturedby F. J. Cheney & Co., Toledo, 0.,is a contitutional remedy, is takeninternally and acts through theblood on the Mucous Surfaces of thesystem. One hundred dollars reward is offered for any case thatHall's Catarrh Medicine fails to cure.Send for circulars and testimonials.F. J. CHENEY & CO., Toledo, O.Sold by Druggists, 75c.Hall's Family Pills for constipation. (aug-adv)is fe lsaDon't think because men wereNbornto rule and women to obey thatthey always do.KENTUCKY TRACTIONTERMINAL COMPANYIntcrurban Schedule.10:05 p. m.ParisforV "Lexingtonx 6:45 a. m.7:30 a. m.8:15 a. m.9:00 a. m .9;45 a. m.11:15 a. m.12:45 p. m.2:15 p. m.3:45 p. m.4:30 p. m.6:15 p. m.6:05 p. m.6:50 p. m.8:15 P. m.IS LEAVE11:00 p. m.LexingtonforParis6:00 a. m.7:20 a. ou8:00 a. m.8:50 a. m.10:20 811:50 a1:20 p. 2:50 p5:30 p4:20 p5:00 p6:00 p. m.7:20 p. m.9:10 p. m.Ifffaffif$1.50TOCincinnatiand ReturnOn Special Sunday Excursion onSunday, Aug. 19Special train leaves Paris 8:20a. m., arriving in Cincinnati at10:30 a. m. .Returning leaves Cincinnati(4th Street Station) at 7 p. m.W. V. SHAW, AgentW. R. CLINKENBEARD, T. A,SOCIAL AND PERSONAL.Comings and Goings of OurPeople Here, There andElsewhere.A YOUNG MAN'S WAE.Paris Home SchoolWill OpenMonday, September 3, 1917Mrs. W. A. Harp, Director.fallss E. D. Glltner, Director ofMusic.PILES! PILESlMXArraxWot cwv Bttei.MmSlK5ttMtUMM,BlMAiac m4 Itekter W.aors. ftlUys Itoanf atrmn. gtM iMttfct nmtLMr. C. T. Stone is at SvangoSprings for a ten-days' sojourn.Miss Margaret Shea has returnedfrom a visit to Miss May Liston, inMaysville.Mrs. Jennie Kenney Lyle has returned to Lexington after a visit toMrs. Sue Sandusky.Miss Catherine Duncan has returned from a visit to Miss SaraCurie, in Cynthiana.Miss Iva Mattox left Sunday fora visit to Mr. and Mrs. Howard B.Carr, in Harlan, Ky.Missrs Winifred and MargueriteDoyle are guests of Miss GertrudeMaloney, in Lexington.Mr. Owen L. Davis, of the HotelWindsor, left yesterday for a shortstay at West Baden Springs.Mrs. Charles Long and childrenhave returned to their home in Lexington, after a visit to friends inParis.Mrs. Clarence Kenney was aweek-end guest of Mrs. Lelia Croxton and Mrs. Joseph Croxton, in Winchester. Mts. Luther Mclntyre and little daughter are visiting relatives atBlue Lick Springs, in Nicholascounty.Mr. and Mrs. P. A. Thompsonhave returned from a motor tripthrough Southern Ohio and NorthernKentucky.Rev. W. W. Green, of Winchester, was a guest ths past week of hisniece, Mrs. John Doty, and Mr. Doty,in East Paris.Mr. and Mrs. Marshall Hale,guests of Mr. and Mrs. Ivan Soper,near Paris, have returned to theirhome in Louisville.Miss Rebecca Purnell is visitingMisses Elizabeth and Alice Barbour,at the home of Mr. and Mrs. LeeBarbour, in St. Matthews, Ky.Mrs. Pattie Pearce and daughter,Miss Ruth Pearce, of Newport,are guests of Mr. B. F Judy andfamily, at North Middletown.Rev. and Mrs. John Christopherson and children have returned toNorth Middletown, after an extended visit to relatives in Wisconsin.Mrs. Anna Sweeney and littledaughter have returned to their homein Lexington after a visit to Mr. andMrs. J. H. Hunter and other relatives. Mr. George Kriener, who has returned from a ten-days' sojourn atWest Baden Springs, greatly improved in health, resumed his positionyesterday with Posner Bros.Miss Mattie Baldwin left Sunday for Kenosha, Wis., where shewill be a guest of her sister, Mrs. A.R. Daviess. She will stop in Chicagoen route, for a visit to friends.Messrs. Lee Deaver and ThomasLetton left yesterday morning forSaskatchewan, Canada, where theywill assist in harvesting on the bigranche of E. F. Spears & Sons, ofParis.Miss Louise Redmon entertainedat her home near Paris, Friday afternoon in honor of Miss Agnes Turner and her house guests, Miss Martha Talbott, of Paris, and Miss RuthPinnell, of Winchester.Misses Ruth and Naomi Honaker, of Georgetown, were guests ofParis friends for the week-end. During their stay in Paris they wereguests of honor at a number of socialfunctions.Mrs. Cassius M. Clay and son,Mr. John Harris Clay, have returnedto their home near Paris, after avisit to Mrs. 'Clay's sister, Mrs. Samuel Stone, in the Weissenger-Gaul-bert,in Louisville.Dr. Llewellyn P. Spears, formerly of Paris, who recently underwenta serious surgical operation at St.Joseph's Infirmary, in Louisville, hasgone to the home of Mr. and Mrs.L. H. Wymond, near Louisville, torecuperate.Mr. J. L. Morrison, who succeeds the late Mr. W. H. Anderson asSuperintendent of this division of theL. & N., has leased the home of Mr.George Howard, on Duncan avenue,and will bring his family here fromBirmingham, Alabama.Mr. Robert Neely Ranson, formerly of Paris, was a caller at THENEWS office Saturday. Mr. Ransonis now traveling representative ofThe Page-Phillips Seed Co., of Toledo,Ohio, growers and importers of garden, flower and field seeds.Mr. and Mrs. A. B. Munsey, ofTexas, who have been guests of Mr.and Mrs. R. L. Wilson, at their homein this city, have gone to Winchesterto visit friends and relatives. Theyare seriously considering removing toKentucky, and will probably makeBourbon county their permanentabiding place.The Maysville Bulletin says:"Miss Mae Lyston, of Front street,very delightfully entertained complimentary to her guest, Miss Margaret Shea, of Paris. -About twentycouples were present and m dancingwas indulged until a late hour, afterwhich all departed after a most enjoyable evening. Delicious refreshments were served."Paris friends and relatives areextending the glad hand of welcometo Rev. Hal Spears, a former residentnf this 'citv. Hev. Spears is now rector of St. Andrews' Parish, aVPrincess Anne, Maryland, and is en routefrom Etowah, Tenn.? where he hasbew&Viatilng "tiis , $Bteteri,Mra AliceGen. Pershing recommends that nogeneral officer older than 45 years besent to France for active service. Thenews will come as a shock to manycivilians in -their forties who regardthemselves as rising young men andwho never have regarded a man inhis middle forties as being beyond theage of highest usefulness in any profession to which he has been trained.But, according to Gen. Pershing, menover 45 do not stand the terrificstrain of Twentieth Century warfare.Old Natty Bumpo in the Leatherstocking tales stalked bad Indians whenwas in the sixties, but those weredays when the "whip like report ofthe rifle" was the noisiest feature ofwoodland warfare. Nowadays theyoung men stand shell shock, and being "gassed" better than older ones,to say nothing of the hardships ofthe winter weather in trenches.Even in the Civil War many of thenotable officers were young. Grantwas under 40 when he accepted Lee'ssurrender at Appomattox. Little PhilSheridan was just over 30 when hewon his fame. Sherman was under40. Our John H. Morgan, of Kentucky, was a young man. Many others might be mentioned among general officers.This is to be a young man's warand the young officers who are nowpreparing to go to France, or .toserve elsewhere during the war, abthey may be assigned, may have highrank within a period that will astonish the officers who in times qfpeace have been fortunate to be Colonels at 50. The State Journal.M"M 1 1 ! ll-t4illH"m4-f4mHilllM tlt IHU-l41i-IH 1 1 1 II I II II I II I MittTwin Bros. Department StoreWE CLOSE AT 5 P. M. EXCEPT SATURDAYS AND COURT DAYSI Clearance SalePricesWhyPay 20: 2$; 3ffjfor patternsLadies' Gowns, allsize69cis Pa isFIRST AID TO THE FAINTING.So many people have been fainting on the streets lately in Washington, D. C, between the heat, the political excitement, the extra hours ofwork, and the crowds of suffragetteriots, war speeches, preparedness andpatriotic parades, that the police arenow trained to resuscitate them without calling for the ambulance. Policemen on crowd duty are suppliedwith little glass capsules of ammonia, wrapped in cotton-wool. Thecapsule is broken by a sharp pressure of the fingers, and the cotton isthus saturated with ammonia. Thisis applied to the nostrils of thestricken. "It generally makes themsit up."STOMACH ANDJHVER.IROUBLES.No end of misery i and actual suffering is caused by disorders of r thestomach and liver, and may be avoided by the use of Chamberlain's Tablets. 'Give them -a trial. They onlycost a quarter.(aug-adv)Ladies Hose... 15c and upLawns, many beautiful designs .. 2l2c yd.Dress Goods29c and 39c yd.Curtain Scrim 10c yd.Corsets, all sizes, $1.25and $1.50 values... 98cLadies' Hats .-$1.00Children's Hats 50cIvrr.homef PATTERN IICOSTS OVERVJsyULUSTrATCO IWTHELADIES' HOMEJOURNAL'STYLISHPERFECT-FiTTINGEASY TO USEHome Pattern 1030 Illustratesthe very nswe.t tkirt; oi.ly 7.x yardsat Iovt i'': T-'?o-ore.i moel.Price lo cents.Clearance SalePricesSuits up to $22.20at $9.50Waists from 49c upWash Skirts, allwhite 79cSilk Skirts, all sizes andpatterns $3.50 upSport Hats, in allshapes and colors,newest designs39c upFancy Silk Hosiery,in stripes and solidcolors 59cLadies' Home Journal Patterns, None Over 15c'I"I'"I"I"K"I"I"I"M"MNEWSPAPER MEN DENOUNCEPROPOSED TAX. -Hopewell L. Rogers, President ofthe American Newspapei Publishers'Association, issued a statement at ameeting held in New York, for thatorganization denouncing the proposed discriminating tax. He adds:"Let us have no special taxes on afew lines of business, but rather anexcess profits tax put on in an increasing ratio so that business whichis getting a special benefit from thewar will pay the greater portion ofthe taxes."The newspapers are willing andglad to stand their full share o thisburden, but the business has beenparticularly bad for the last year ortwo, and the haphazard method ofCongress seems to be an effort to punish them, or the public through them,with special, discriminatory taxes inspite of, or in addition to, this otherwise unfavorable condition." ?Rogers also expressed disapprovalof the .Government of .the intentionto have the. present 'generation .payfor the war. "The war is being continued for the benefit of prosterity,"he said, '.'and the entire ' burdenshould not be put upon the presentgeneration."Bourbon LaundryDAVIS & FUNK, Props.Telephone No. 4.West 5 StreetSatisfaction is .Our:'Watchword tlWith all the latest im-provements in -laundryappliances and 'expertihelpers e are preparedlyto do work inferior to' - inone, - ana solicit your'ccxpatronage.Bourbon Laundry,Paris Kentucky.:0VI!l'4''M'4M'.I'.M''I'M H'l-i'f I 'M''M' 1 1 1 Ml HUME. M. WHEELER'S BIG3-But-ner, $19.002$4.00 Boss OvenSpecial CashSaleNOW GOING ON25 PER CENT. OFFALL SUMMER GOODSSuch, as Refrigerators, Ice BoxesPorch Furniture,OilStoves,OvensPorch Rugs, 6x9 Rattinnia $6.009x12 Brussels Rugs $15.00 up to $22.009x12 Axminster Rugs 432,00 up to $45.00Bedroom Suits 20 per cent off $25.00 up to $100.00Genuine Quartered Sawed Oak $100.00 Circassian, Walnut Suit $80.00Red Gum 'Suit $60.00Imitation Quartered Sui t, Oak $25.00Dining Room Furniture 20 PerCent. Off.154-inch Top Table, Oak $35.001.60-inch Buffet, Oak .$4S.OO1 China Closet, Oak, & mirrors in back 44f .001 Fumed Oak Pedestal: Table, 45-inch top $21.001' FumedrOak 60-ihch ,3'uffet. $27.50Serying.Table to ,match $10.001 'Fumed' Oak 3hiha?Cioset $27.50We have Ghairs to match in Fumed Oak at $2.75THIS,I&rALL QUEEN ANNE STYLE.?mwM ui OTIGIBSONREFRIGERATORS!$9.35JXAt Once and Get FirstIAlli!l!l!l!liJil1 -X2-in. 'Post $9.00 ' ir ;JUc &k mm t LLlKIti filth ahdl ;Main Sts.oRobieel Biilding.;u)ium1-I'iu4 1; :;MlMJftf:fSKiXt11itUiIIIKSiRtSBftvMVGiouceiterto'CdlUmbusroiiio, to-V --1 4r fS"" " '(Otler Personals on Pc 5.)ritiiiiiiiiiiitiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiniiniiiimmim"'MMnnnmimminmnnyS,vmr'mr mmrmm lWf.' ,WmFJs. 4-TAG FOUETHE BOURBON NEWS, PARIS;' KY.XUESDAT,ATJGUST 44, HIT,1 .' a;y1L1I5'.iflThe Bourbon NewsiC0UNSfsestablished 188136 Yearstlnions Publication.of Con-Bubllshed Every Tuesday and Friday.Per Year. ..?2.00 Six Months... $1.00Payable In Advance.WIFT CHAMP, Editor and Owner.(Intered at the Paris, Kentucky,Foetoffice as Mail Matter of theSecond Class.)THE WEATHER.The following is the weather forecast for the weekeginning Sunday,Aug. 12, as sent out by the U. S."Weather Bureau, at Washington:For Ohio Valley and Tennessee:Unsettled and showers first half; latter half fair; temperature below seasonal normal.Welcome rains visited this sectionSunday and Monday, being productive of great good, in'combatting theneat, lowering the temperature andgiving much-needed moisture togrowing crops. Weather conditionsare generally satisfactory.S Ss feTO ORGANIZE HOME GUARDSIt was stated here Saturday thatefforts would be made by the Stateto organize a "Home Guard" composed of men who have been declaredunfit for service in the regular military branches as a result of someminor disability, and for men pastthe military age.A communication from Frankfortto interested parties here stated thata plan to this effect was being considered by the military authoritiesof the State. The men of Paris andBourbon county will now have achance to "rally 'round the flag,boys," without havingto go into thethe trenches in a foreign 'land. HomeGuards have been established in otherStates, and are doing a good workin helping the military authorities tomaintain order. They will not be re-1quired to abandon their occupations, fbut will be subject to call the sameas any other military body for; policer other duty. The plan is said tohave the sanction of Adjutant-GeneralJ. Tandy Ellis.SCHOOLS.The annual convention of the Bourbon County Bible School Associationwill convene at the Christian church,in Millersburg, to-morrow (Wednesday) morning, at 9:15 o'clock. Thesessions will be presided over by Rev.Newton Shropshire, of Glintonville,president, with Miss Daisy Detwiller,of North Middletown, secretary.The representations of the differentBible Schools in the county is as follows: Paris, 100; Bethlehem, 10;Burris, 10; Cane Ridge, 10; Clintonville 50; Mt. Carmel, 50; North Middletown, 50; Ruddles Mills, 25; making a total of 375 from the schools.Paris Bible schools will be represented by a big delegation. Themusical program will be in charge ofMr. A. L. Boatright, chorister of theParis Christian church. The program in full follows:Morning.9 :15 Devotional Service, Millersburg School, led by AmosStamper.Song "America."Scripture Lesson C. O. Cossaboom. 9:30 Departmental Reports.Elementary Mrs. MagnusRash.Adult J. W. Brown.9:45 Report on the Standard ofEfficiency by Superintendents.10 :00 President's Message NewtonL. Shropshire.10:20 Address "Bible Study in theHome" W. A. Wolfe.10:40 Address "The Call of theHome Land" J. W. Jones.10:55 Special Music.11:00 Address "The World WideMissionary Task" R. L. Mc-Quarlcy.11:30 A Message from the StateWorker W. J. Clarke.12:00 Announcements.12:05 Prayer J. B. Cray.Adjournment.Afternoon.1:15 Praise Service, led by A. L.Boatright.Scripture Reading and Prayer W. O. Hinton.,1:30 Business Session.: Secretary's Report MissDaisv Dettwiler.PARIS RIVALING B00NESB0R0"Why go to Boonesboro'?" Thequestion suggested itself to a groupof Paris people Sunday when the relative merits of Stoner Creek and Kentucky River for bathing facilitieswere being discussed. Of course thevdiscussion ended with a verdict infavor of the Paris end of the proposition. A crowd of Lexington girls, accompanied by the properest of chaperones, came to Paris, Sunday, andspent the afternoon in picnicing andbathing in Stoner near "The Ford"one of the beauty spots of the prettiest stream in Central Kentucky.They were joined here by a party ofParis boys and girls, and from all accounts "Camp Daniel Boone" and"Boonesboro" had nothing whateveron the Paris bunch in the way of enjoyment. The water in Stoner Creekis clearer and purer, if that countsfor anything, than that of the Kentucky River.The afternoon was spent by otherlarge parties in enjoying bathingabove and below the Louisville andNashville railroad bridge near the icefactory. John McDermott, managerof the Postal Telegraph office almostbroke into the Carnegie Hero MedalCompetition by rescuing a tall, lean,lank damsel in distress, but his wellknown modesty prompted a suppression of the details.No Taxes To PayI TO OUR CUSTOMERS:Under the provisions of the recently enacted revenue law of the State of Kentucky, this bank has elected to pay the taxes assessed against the deposits of ourcustomers with us. It will not be necessary for you to make any return of cash ondeposit with this bank on the forthcoming assessment blank as of September 1st,1917, as this bank will pay all taxes.Bourbon-Agricultural Bank &Trust Co.153 fe E3MflRGOLEN'SSPECIALSFor This WeekBeefPorkVealLambMflRGOLEN'SSanitary Meat MarketI Committee's Report.Our "Bit" for the Bulletin.2-00 Address "The New TeacherTraining" T. A. Hendricks.2:15 Address "The Will of Godfor the Investment of Life"R.H.EUett.2 :45 Song.Convention Offering.2:50 A Message from the C. W. B.M. Mrs. A. M. Harrison.3:10 Special Music.3:15 Address Christian Evangelism" W. E. Ellis.3:45 General Conference led by W.J. Clarke.4:05 Prayer L. A. Soper.Dismissal.Leader of Song A. L. Boatright. m i mTEUNKS.TO TAX PAYERSTax receipts of thecity for 1917 are nowin the hands of CityCollector ClarenceThomas, at the Peoples Deposit Bank.Call and pay themnow.J. T; HINTON,(auglO-tf) Mayor."TO MAKE WORLD SAFE TOE DEMOCRACY."BOURBON HORSEMEN ON THE BIGCIRCUIT.Hartman Wardrobe Trunksspecialty $25.00 and $35.00.J. Wl DAVIS & CO.tei te ftiRAISE IN THE PRICE OF GAS.The unusual advance in the priceof all material and labor used in thedistribution of Natural Gas compelsus to advance the price of. gas threecents per thousand cubic feet, beginning with the bills for the monthof August.This is the same price that will becharged in Lexington, Winchesterand Mt. Sterling.All gas bills sent out Spetember 1will be calculated on the followingrate:Forty-three cents per thousandcubic feet with a discount of fivecents per thousand if paid on or before the fifteenth of the month.PARIS GAS & ELECTRIC CO.(15-2t)m to toBOURBON MAN WINS HONORSMr. Bishop Batterton, of Bourboncounty, who has been at the home ofhis parents, Mr. and Mrs. A. B. Batterton, near this city for some time,on furlough was the winner of a competitive rifle shooting .match, held atParis Island, South Carolina, wherehe has been stationed ' for severalmonths.Mr. Batterton is a member of FifthCompany B., First Regiment, MarineCorps, at Port Royal, S. C. In thecontest in which Mr. Batterton wonhonors several thousand marksmencompeted.DON'T WORRYABOUT TAXES!We will pay all taxes assessedagainat your money if oxi depositin this bank: September 1st, 1917.We Cordially Invite YourAccount.Peoples Deposit Bank& Trust Co.PARIS,KENTUCKYThere will be held at the SeelbachAuditorium, Louisville, Ky., August17-18, 1917, a "Patriotic Conference," under the auspices of theState Council of Defense. All of usmust do our best to make the worldsafe for democracy. "We must preserve democracy or submit to autocracy." The purpose of the conference is:"To inform and to arouse, to agreeupon a uniform plan by which wecan use our resources in every waypossible to assist those brave Kentucky soldiers who have joined theranks and will soon be on the fighting line defending for us the principles we love so dearly." Clubwomen, professional men, businessmen, farmers, in short, all patrioticpeople men and women, are urged togo.For further information, address,H. H. Cherry, Chairman PublicityCommittee, State Council of Defense,Bowling Green, Ky.5i ES feD. A. R. MEETING.Jemima Johnson Chapter, Daughters of the American Revolution,will hold an important meeting at thehome of Misses Winnie and LutieWilliams, on Pleasant street Thursday afternoon at 2:30 o'clock. Thiswill be the last meeting of the Chapter for the present season, and allthe members are urged to be present.The Regent of the Chapter will act ashostess on this occasion.Rl RS 5B-4 FIREInsure withW.O. HINTON &SON,Agts1 i teEXPLOSION IN BIG PLANT CAUSES$1,000,000 FIBE.Two suspects were arrested withinless than six hours after a half of thegigantic plant of the Aetna Explosives Company, at Gary, Ind., hadbeen wiped out by fire. This plantmanufactures all kinds of explosives,and furnishes many Kentucky andIndiana firms with dynamite andnitroglycerine, especially in the Kentucky oil fields.The fire was still raging late Saturday afternoon and considerabledamage was done by explosions.The loss may reach a million dollars.1BI toFire, Wind and LightningInsurance.Thomas, Woodford & Bryan.fe fts HiNEW FLAG FOR POSTOPEICEA new flag will soon float from theflagstaff on the Government Buildingto replace the old one. PostmasterI J. Walter Payne received word Saturday that his requisition for a new flaghad been honored, and that thebunting had been shipped to him.The new "Old Glory" will probablybe thrown to the breeze to-day.Now is is up to the city of Paris toreplace the flag on the City Hall andFire Department, now reduced to amere handful of rags, with a newnag, as good as its neighborsfloating!Mr. Charles T. Best, of the firm ofPower & Best, of Paris, left last weekfor a tour of the big circuit withtheir stable of seven good showhorses.In the string of horses, every oneof them in good condition, is Charming King, owned bv Mr. Henry A.Power, individually, and trained andraced by Mr. Best; a three-year-oldgrandson of Harrison Chief and ahalf-brother to Lula Edwards, ownedby Mr. Best; a son of Beau Brummel,which was sold by Mr. Langhorne T.Anderson, of Maysville. to Mrs. LulaLong Combs, of Kansas City, Mo.,for $5,000; a five-gaited gelding,Billy Sunday; and a five-gaitedbrown mare by Rex McDonald andout of a Bourbon Chief mare. JDAUGHTERS OF REBKAH.At the recent meeting of ParisLodge of Rebekahs the initiatory degree was conferred on Mr. and Mrs.P. A. Thompson, Mr. and Mrs. Richard Stewart, E. K. Lovell and R. H.Lovell. The work was performed bythe Arlington degree team of theCynthiana lodge in a very impressivemanner.Short talks were made by variousmembers, and refreshments consisting of ice cream, sherbet and cakes,were served. Among the prominentvistors were the Past President, Mrs.Minnie I. Jones, of Lexington; PastPresident Mrs. Kate Lowman, of Lexington; State Warden, Mrs. ElizabethHines, of Georgetown.Forty-two visitois representing theCynthiana, Lexington, Georgetown,Winchester, Frankfort and Richmondlodges, were present, and enjoyed thehospitality ol the Paris lodge for theevening.SheepSaleTo Whom It May Concern.I will not be responsible for anybills contracted on my account.(14-3t-pd) H. E. HOLLAND.Notice to the Public!Drivers of all vehicles are herebywarned to go slowly over the bridgeover Stoner Creek at the foot of MainStreet, in East Paris. Heavily-loadedwagons and trucks and traction engines are forbidden to cross thisstructure.By order of the Bourbon FiscalCourt.BEN. F. BEDFORD.(14-4t) County Road Engineer, (a EO. D. SPEAKES. AuctioneerI Will Sell 1,000 Head of Select Sheep StockOn Friday, August 17I will sell at public auction the kind of sheep it pays to keep(the best, at my farm near Avon, Ky., ten miles from Lexington,Pans and Winchester. These sheep will be classed and sold inbunches to suit the purchaser. The sale will be held, beginningat nine o'clock a. m.,RAIN OR SHINE.In case of rain it will be held under good shelter.J. D. MARSHALLAVON, KY.areLost Bracelet.Either Saturday or Sunday, somewhere on the streets of Paris, a nlaini gold Bracelet. -Liberal reward to thm finder if returned to THE NEWSomce. , ' CU-tf)"SPECIAL SALEMen's and Boys'Panamas andStraw Hats,LeghornsWednesday, Thursday, Friday and SaturdayAugust 15-16-17-18f!cll of our Men sand Boys Straw Hats and Men's Panamas and Leehornswill be specially priced for the above dates. These are the first special prices onPanamas and we advise you to come early while we have your style and size.This Sale is For Cash Only, and No Approvals.$6.00$5.00$4.00$3.00$2.00Panamas and Leghornscutcutcutcutcutto.to.to-tftp$4,503.752.952.251,48Straw Hats$5.00$4.00$3.00$2.50$2.00$1.50cutcutcutcutcutcutto,to,to,to.to.to.$1.00 CUt t;Children's Straw Hats$2.502.001.501.25I.OO. .75F"79c 50c cut to 3qcMen's Summer SuitsWe Still have a wide range of styles and Datterns in Pim FuQr, mi,;Dixie Weaves in Summer Suits. Values htti- Vio i n. 'f ' w - WMWWM Wtm h&tfA KA. M.KLM.M.M. ? . II Bill V I WfcAMF "" &V"j viyvYrllvlvt ,$8.50 to $15.00R. P. WALSHHome Phone 448rONE-PRICE STORE farir, Keiticky1LI!:-4X.1JLdTUESDAY, AUGUST 14, 1917.THE BOURBON NEWS, PARIS, KY.PAGI5SOCIAL AND PERSONAL.BOY SCOUTS' SWIMMING CONTESTiMFOR THE BESTNOTHING ELSEComings and Goings of OurPeople Here, There andElsewhere.SCHOOL OPENING.Mrs. Sutherland's school will openSeptember 3. jumbei of pupils limited. Your patronage solicited.(14-tf)1E3 ts iaTHINGS TO WOURY ABOUT.Those Bourbon county men who areseeking to escape military service byvarious specious pleas of exemptionwould do well to emulate the example of a Maysville man. This applicant, when asked if he had any dependants, answered that he had no.one depending upon him but his"Uncle Sam."a fe toSTRAW HATS.Half-price. All kinds and sizes.J. W. DAVIS & CO.fe te 'WORTHLESS DOGSThere are too many worthlessdogs prowling around Paris. Theymake regular visits to homes in allparts of the city, often ruining gardens and doing other mischief. Theyhowl and bark most of the nightand frequently a big fight occurs,waking everybody in the vicinity.to to toVEGETABLES PLENTIFUL.Vegetables from the huckster andhome gardens in and around Parisare plentiful on the local market andthere is very little trouble in securing Quantities for use now and incanning. The government campaignto make housewives realize the importance of canning and drying foodstuffs seems to be meeting withhearty co-operation of the Paris andBourbon county housekeepers.y to to mSOAP AND CLEANSER BARGAINS.We have a quantity of good sopasand cleaners at bargain prices 5cents each.(It) C. P. COOK & CO.OFF FOR GEORGIAN BAY!Leaving business cares and worries behind them to either take wingsor take care of themselves, the following party left Paris, Sunday morning for Georgian Bay, where they willspend ten days in camp, fishing andhunting:Harry B. Clay, J. Frank Clay, Wm.K. Blakemore, William Shire andDan Wi. Peed, of Paris, and Wm. H.Harris, of Lexington. The party willbe fully equipped and prepared forhaving an enjoyable stay at this noted fishing place, one of the best inthe Great Lakes region.to 1 toGUARANTEED FAST COLORSShirts that stand the tub and guaranteed fast colors.J. W. DAVIS & CO.to to toTO INVESTIGATE OIL LEASES.Mr. Norman Moss, of Calgary,Alberta Province, Canada, who hasbeen a guest of Mr. and Mrs. JamesCaldwell, of near Paris, left yesterday for Warren county, accompaniedby Attorney Oscar T. Hinton, ofParisMr. Moss has extensive holdings ofoil lands in Warren county, and thevisit to the fields is for the purposeof having Mr. Hinton look up thetitles to some valuable leases. Theywill be gone several days, duringwhich they will visit all sections ofthe oil fields in Warren county.to to toFATHER WITH BROKEN LEG ; SONNURSES BROKEN ARM.While at work on a truck at theshops of Martin & O'Neill, on Pleasant street, Friday afternoon, Mr.Robert Sadler, woodworker, made amisstep, and fell to the floor. Hisright leg was broken just above theMr. Sadler was removed to hishome on Vine street, where the broken bone was set. He is gettingalong as well as the nature of -theinjury will permit. Some time agoMr. Sadler's young son broke thelarge bone in one arm, and is carrying the injured member in a sling.to to mMrs. Ernest Martin is visitingrelatives near Perryville.Miss Elizabeth Cheek, of Danville, is a guest of relatives in Paris.Mrs. Edward Schwartz, of Maysville, is a guest of Paris friends andrelatives.Miss Louise Martin is a guest ofher aunt, Mrs. Russel Dyche, andMr. Dyche, in London, Ky.Misses Jessie and Delia Stonehave returned from a two-weeks' visitto their brother in Carlisle.John Ireland, of Lexington, wasa guest Saturday and Sunday of hissister, Mrs. Mary Ireland Davis.Miss Pearl Rice, of Fulton, Ky.,is a guest of Mr. and Mrs. Henry Caywood and other relatives near Paris.Mrs. Hugh Brent and son, Master Hugh Brent, Jr., are guests ofMr. and Mrs. Harry Chambers, inLouisville.Miss Mary C. Cain has returnedto her home in Wheeling, W. Va., after a two-weeks' visit to her uncle,Mr. John Pete Cain, and family.Dr. Martha Petree has returnedfrom Columbus, Ohio, where she hasbeen attending the sessions of theNational Convention of Osteopaths.The regular monthly meeting ofthe Bourbon county W. C. T. U. washeld yesterday afternoon at threeo'clock, att he home of Mrs. WilliamMyall.Mrs. J. V. Lytle has returnedfrom a visit to her daughter, Mrs.Brooks Dodson, and Mr. Dodson, atFrankfort.Miss Edna Keller, stenographerfor the firm of Chas. S. Brent & Bro.,left Sunday afternoon for a vacationto be spent with friends in Cincinnati and Louisville.Mr. and Mrs. S. E. McClanahanhad as guests recently at their homeon Eleventh street, Mrs. StephenHoward, Sedalia, Mo.; and Mrs. Wm.Bratton and Miss Octa Bratton, of Mt.Olivet.Messrs. Edwin Thomas, StanleyDickson and George White Fithianand Miss Elizabeth Brown attendedthe "barn dance" given in Danvillelast week.Mrs. Roy Whitton and daughter,Elmeta, of Lancaster, were guestsSunday and Monday of Mr. and Mrs.Sunday of Mr. and Mrs. John R.Owens and Mr. .and Mrs. Jack Owsley, on Harmon avenue.Mrs. James C. Bryan, of NorthMiddletown, accompanied by Mr. andMrs. F. S. Kerr and family, of Winchester, have returned from an tiutotour to Niagara Falls and otherplaces of interest in the East.Mr. and Mrs. Frank P. Kiser anda number of friends spent Sunday atHigh Bridge. The trip was made inhonor of Mrs. William McPhearson,of Salt Lake City, Utah, who is visiting her mother, Mrs. Jos. M. Rion,on Second street.Misses Ollie and Loraine Butlerentertained at the Country Club nearLexington, Saturday evening with adinner party in honor of their sister,Mrs. Merrit Shobe, of Salem, NewJersey, who is visiting her mother.Mrs. J. Henry Butler, on Vine street.Mr. Charlton Clay, of Paris, Dr.and Mrs. Robert M. Coleman, Mrs.Joseph Harting and Miss WillieCromwell Coleman, of Lexington,spent Saturday and Sunday in Indianapolis and at Ft. Benj. Harrison,where they witnessed the great military review. They returned homeyesterday.The Frankfort State Journalsays: "News has been received herethat Mr. Clay Ward, a son of Mr. andMrs. Miller Ward, of Paris, and anephew of Mr. J. Quincey Ward, ofthis city, was among the number ofthose who received a commission atthe Officers' Training Camp, at Ft.Myer, Va. Mr. Ward was made Second Lieutenant."Last Friday night the Boy Scoutsenjoyed a much-looked forward tosocial gathering at the Y. M. C. A.,the main a'tttraction being an aquaticmeet, with due reference to returndate and refreshments.There were eight events in theswimming contests, the first containnig five points; the second, three andthe third, one. In the best fancydive, Kirkpatrick won first place,Roberts second and Lair third. Inthe long distance swim under water,Hendricks was first, Roberts secondand Lair third. In the backwardheader off board, Roberts was placedas the winner, with Kirkpatrick secone and Lair third. The succeedingevents were as follows: Best footeroff board, Minakuchi, first, Paton,second, Meglone, third; best overhand stroke, O'Neil, first, Minakuchi,second, Kirkpatrick, third; longesttime under water, Hendricks, first,Paton, second, Roberts, third; bestflip off board, O'Neill, first, Hendricks, second, Kirkpatrick, third;floating race, Meglone, first, O'Neill,second, Roberts, third.On the basis of five, three and onefor first, second and third places, thefinal count showed Roberts, Hendricks and O'Neill tied for first place,with thirteen points each. In orderto decide to whom the prize shouldbe awarded numbers were drawn, andO'Neill was the lucky one to receivethe angels' food cake. After themeet the Boy Scouts and their guestsrepaired to the gym, where gameswere enjoyed and a final refreshmentof cakes and ices served.There will be a "tenderfoot examination" for those prepared to take itto-day (Tuesday) at ten o'clock a.m., at the Y. M. C. A. On Wednesday morning Acting Scoutmaster Ricewill probably take the troop for across country hike, returning in timefor the morning swim in the Y poolat ten o'clock.THE FAIRFor Friday andSaturdayi:!;Ice Cream Freezers2-quart size $1.393-quart size $ 1 .69Fruit Jar Rubbers-Heavy Ked Rubbers,per dozen7cToilet Paper7rolls for 25c,Semi Porcelain China Pitchers2-quart size, only 1 9c3-quart size, only 24cChildren's Patent Leather Beltsall colors 5cColonial Ice Tea Tumblersper set 39cTHE FAIRTAKE AKODAKMANY PATTERNS.Bathing suits of many patterns.Sizes from 30 to 48.j. W DAVIS & CO.v i m mCAIXED TO THE COLORS.Cards of notification instructingthem to Teport at once at the Officers'Reserve Corps training camp at Ft.Benjamin Harrison, near Indianapolis, were received in Fans, Saturday,by' P. A. Thompson, Pinnell Gallowayand M. O. Upton.These men had their applicationsin some time ago, but were not calleduntil now, owing to the fact that thequota had filled for . the first call.They will go into intensive trainingfor arpiy commissions upon arrival atcamp. , s. .Ht. M. J. LAvin, of Paris, receiveda mi'iiifr Triday from his son, Mr.Lawkace lAvinwho enlisted in$heOMotNatioaal Guard at Dayton, p.,tkt jMbftd iciYd acoiik)m agMOBd I-tetttoMurt in the serrk.Messrs. John M. Stuart and Ireland Davis are promoting another"big August Dance," which will begiven in the Masonic Temple, inParis, on the evening of Tuesday, August 21. The dance will be a subscription affair for the benefit of theBourbon County Red Cross Chapter.Music will be furnished by the SmithSaxophone Orchestra. Hours from8:30 to 3:00.Miss Anna Louise White has returned from a visit to her grandmother, Mrs. W. 0. Brock, in Winchester.Miss White and her guests, MissesAnna Belle Hall, Mary T. Hall, ofMaysville, and Martha Tharpe, of Mt.Sterling, chaperoned by" Mrs. FrankP. White, of Paris, and Mrs. W. O.Brock, of Winchester, will leave tomorrow for a two-weeks' stay atOlympian Springs.. (Other Personals on Page 3.)1Snapshots of various summersports will add immensely to thefunfishing, swiirming, etc.But be sure its a KGDAK"If it isn't an Eastmanit isn't a Kodak"TKodaks I . .$5.00-upBrownie Cameras..!. ..$1.00 upWAE STYLE SHOWS.The last word is the "tacky party,"a real entertainment at North Middletown. Arrangements have beenmade for a happy time for all funlovers. Delicious refreshments willbe served, and three valuable prizesare to be given to the wearers of the"tackiest". costume. Good music isalso assured. A large crowd is expected. Dress up in anything andcome on. Admission one cent foreach" year. Th 'jtimeednWayeveaing, August 15, at 7:30. For thebmflt of the-Fre Kiadtrgarttn. ,Also a Full Line ofSporting GiodsSwimminc: Suits ?c to $5.00Water Wings 35cBathing Caps i 35cDaughertros.vl t I IA t. " A v" t 1r ansr Kentiifcy ,Youthful FiguresWill Retain Their Youthful Lines By WearingWARNER'SRust ProofCORSETSThey shape and fit properly andshow your summer frocks to bestadvantage.You can wash a Warner's and itwill be crisp and fresh. It will not rust.It's as comfortable as a gloveand ,washes as well.Reasonably Priced$1.00 AND HIGHEREvery Corset Guaranteed !HARRY SIMON,-One Price To Allte-FOR YOUWe have for you some of the BIGGEST BARGAINS we have ever offered injKaltex Porch FurnitureLawn SwingsPorch Swings v;Refrigeratorsand Hammocksvf.We are disposing of these articles at the prices we areoffering themj,FOR CASH ONLYYou know when we say reductions we MEAN RE-DUCTIONS!i. "THE J. T HINTON CO. IMOTOR HEARSEMOTOR INVALID COACHUNDERTAKING"CITHCRPHONC" 36r.SIXTH AND MAINSTS.. - - V 'fctf"v.- ;mIdfi'iMBrkiM, ,.-j.THE BOURBON NEWS, PArIS K&rUBDA.T,AUGXWr 1, H17SLWe Know You'll WonderHow We Do ItBut how or why shouldn't matter. The talk of the town:Palm Beach Suits(the genuine article) in all eolors and atyles, $8.50 to110.00 values, going atVYou'll have to hurry, because they're going fast.SURPRISE SPECIAL No. 2All Our $2.00 and $2.50 Straw Hats M AZfor men, your choice r "See our windows, then hurry in while the pickiag is good.TWIN BROS.Clothing and Shoe Dept.L. Wollsiain, PropABE THE JAR MANUFACTURERSs HOLDING UP CONSUMERS?Telegraphic reports to the Bureauof Markets, United States Departmentof Agriculature, indicate that retaildealers in many localities are advancing prices on glass jars for canningand preserving. This advance apparently dates from the beginning of theemergency campaign for the preservation of perishable fruits and vegetables. Representatives of the glass jarmanufacturers stated, in a conferencehald at the department that there isno shortage of glass jars. One declared: "We have not received enough orders to take care of our daily capacity, and have even offered to selljobbers jars on consignment, to bepaid for as sold."We have, sold to the jobbers theirusual supply, what they usually purchase in a year. They have sold tothe merchants the usual supply andthey are not ordering any more untilthey begin to sell and reduce thestock on hand. By the middle ofAugust we should begin to ship veryfreely for the fall trade."la is teMORE CONTRASTS.ftrsawiBuild Up YourBank AccountTake time by the forelock.Don't be satisfied with a smallbalance in bank.Deposit every dollar that youdon't- require for your actualneeds.MWjgfer in the bankthan in your pocket or in yourhome.You'll be more loath to drawa check than spend, the cash.See us about an account.We do all kinds of banking.farmers' ,& Traders' BunkT. P. RISER, President w. W. MITCHELL, Cashier.WM. GRIMES.Bookkeeper.Sixth and Main Streets Paris, Kentucky.$Mc$It's MarvelousYouCanHearSo DistinctlyTimmmmw firmmm-m Sff lSfLt J 1i rv)v&jj(Chicago Journal.)At the time of our Spanish war,some American freak who happenedto be on the other side of the waterstarted to walk through Spain, wrapped in the American flag. It was atasteless, tactless, offensive business,the Spanish villagers did no such,the dogs on him or ducked him in acreek, his countrymen would havesworn that it served him right. But1 the Spanish villagers did no suchthing. They did not molest hint atall, and he was still going his sillyway unhindered when peace came.Contrast this with the treatmentaccorded to British and Belgian prisoners in Germany, and with the insults and extortions practiced on theFrench, English and American Ambassadors on their exit from Berlinwhen war broke out.Prussianism is the negation ofevery human virtue save courage, andthe Hohenzollerns are the incarnation of every human sin save weakness. S fe ?5i -DUNNE'S INTERPRETATION.One of the ladies who first introduced interpretative dancing whatever that Is into this country hasfleshened up considerably since thedays of her initial terpsichoreantriumphs among society folk alongthe Eastern seaboard, says the Saturday Evening Post. Nevertheless,she continues to give performances toselect audiences of aftisticsbuls.Not long ago Finley Peter Dunne,the humorist, was lured to one ofthese performances. The lady, wearing very few clothes and, as a resultof their lack, looking even lumpierthan usual, danced in an effect ofmoonlight calcium beams.As Dunne was leaving one of thepatronesses hailed him."Oh, Mr. Dunne," she twittered,"how did you enjoy the madame'sdancing?""Immensely," said Dunne. "Mademe think of Grant's tomb in love."SLEEPING PORCHES.Nothing has proven, of such greatadvantage in the prevention and cureof consumption as pure air and livingin the open as much as possible.If the room is so arranged that therecan not be a free passage of airthrough it, a sleeping porch shouldbe used by vicitims of the disease.When there is none to the house onecan be supplied at very small cost,say $12 to $15. A window can beused for the approach and if theporch is no larger than to contain abed and a chair it will prove effectivefor the outdoor treatment. The roofcan be made of canvas. The endmost exposed to the wind and rainshould be tightly boarded to preventdraughts. If possible it should overlook pleasant and sanitary surroundings and will give better results whenmade pleasant and attractive. Thevalue of such porches is not confinedto consumptives, but will be found topromate health and strength to theweak from any cause. Living in theopen by day and sleeping in porchesadmitting an abundance of fresh air,eating well-cooked and nutritiousfood,, stopping heavy work and takingbodily and mental re&t by lying downbefore and after the noon and evening meals have arresteil many a caseof consumption and proved beneficialin all. Write to Dr. W. L. Heizer,Secretary of the State TuberculosisCommission, Frankfort, for pamphlets giving full directions for living and sleeping in the open air andfollow the expert advice it containsand benefits will be the result, especially under the directionof a good physician.a 1q isSUMMER COMPLAINT.-During the hot weather of the summer months some member of almostevery family is likely to be troubledwith an unnatural looseness of thebowels, and it is of the greatest importance that this be treated promptly, which can only be done when themedicine is kept at hand. Mrs. F. F.Scott, Scottsville, N. Y., states, "Ifirst used Chamberlain's Colic andDiarrhoea Remedy as much as fiveyears ago. At that time I had a severe attack of summer complaint andwas suffering intense pain. One doserelieved me. Other members of myfamily have since used It with likeresults."(aug-adv)m fv& im -DON'T WASTE YOUR MATCHES!1Phon d9 Amour- The Phonograph with the Soul of the ViolinReproduction of SoundReproduction of tone is not arelative matter "almost an exactreproduction ' is not reproduction.w "Reproduction" must be repro- "duction not any more than that and not any lessthan just simply " reproduction 'And that is how -with that Reproduction Idea in mind,and holding steadfastly to it Mr. Bernhard Fritzsch, knownto the musical world as a tone expert and a practiced craftsman in instrument making, came to produce Phon d'Amour,the Phonograph with the boul ot the Violin.Phon d'Amour is not an"assembled" Phonograph.ono-ISii -'WBSmTrade-Mark. Copyright 1917 byThe Fritzsch Phonograph CompanyPhon d'Amour is the Phgraph for your Home.For, whether it be the characteristic overtones of the human voice;or the fine shadings of a complete orchestration;or the lively and teasing solicitation of dance music to set thefeet flyingwhatever the character of musicPhon d'Amourwill exactly reproduce it in fulltoned harmony.Plays alt Records.The Fritzsch Phonograph Company228-230 W. Seventh St. Cincinnati O.MMH4HHrHHfWWll 1I1M-HH 1 1 HI MM! 1 1A rE3 E3 1.JiI"No, I am not visitingIn the city. I am at homealmost Ave hundred milesaway. We have just had aBell Telephone put in andcouldn't resist calling you byLong Distance. It's marvelous that we can hear each other as distinctlyas though we were in the same room, andthe Long Distance rates are so reasonable!"I really don't see how we ever managed without a Bell Telephone. All themerchants and every one we know uses theBell. It has saved me fhpusanjls of jtepsand hours of worry already. "A. ."Its .worth the cost simply to be ableft sitatliome and visit with friends huniSgds irf JMte3,away."T TePho5 itx)ngpifUnce StationCUMBERLAND TELEPHONE&ND TEEEfiiPH COMPANYBOX 122, FRANKFORT, KY. 2Lfil W.THE TORPEDOPLANEThe torpedoplane is regarded bymany military authorities as the mostpromising untried weapon of the war.It is the invention of an American,Rear Admiral Bradley A. Fiske. Itis not quite accurate to call the torpedoplane an untried weapon, fortwo. ships have already been sunk byits use, but never been given achance to show what it can do on at-large scale. The toruedoplane is a.naval aeroplane equipped with a device for releasing standard torpedosfrom the air. It can control a torpedo's course quite as well as a submarine, and is infinitely more mobile,as well as better adapted to surveythe strategic situation. Attacks onthe German fleet bases by torpedoplanes have been advocated in manyquarters.NO SPECIFIC FOR CONSUMPTION.The medical fraternity has tried foryears to find some specific for consumption but has so far been unsuccessful. It may be found in time andbe as efficacious in prevention of cureas those for typhoid fever, diphtheriaand other diseases previously thoughtto have none, but with the lights before them the National Associationdeclares that fresh air, clean habits,cheerfulness, rest and good food, under the direction of proper medicalcare are now solely to be relied onand that if taken in time and thistreatment followed, consumption canbe cured. If examinations show atendency to the disease, begin at once"to seek repovery through the treatment that medical men have testedand proven advantageous. Dr. W. L.Heizer, , Secretary? Frankfort, willgladly send to those who" ask it someof the literature that the Sate Boardor Tuberculosis Commissioners hasJhad prepared to aid in eradicatinthe terrible scourge of consumption."Smokers shouldn't be vexed ifthey waste a box of safety matchestrying to get a single light," said arepresentative of a wholesale gocrycencern. in this city recently, "because if the war continues you mayhave to dust off . grandmother's oldflint and tinder box, and shiver nextwinter when you try to strike a fire."The representative of the groceryconcern knows what he is talkingabout. He has seen matches advancefrom five to ten cents a box, and thesize of the box diminish. He sees afurther increase in the future, andwith even a small box.The truth of the matter is thatGermany owns about all the potashin the world, aid without potash,manufacturers sa matches cannot bemade. Thus the prices will behigher. jIn discussing the safety matches inthe penny box, tte wholesale grocery representative said that the timewould come when these matcheswould be safe because the reductionof the amount of potash used, wouldcause them not tojlight at all.na m toWHEN BOYS FOUGHTUNUSUALBARGAINSIN ALLLOW FOOTWEAR j.Women's Men's and Children'sPumps and Oxfords at less thanpresent cost You, can save $1.00or $1.50 on each pair. All stylesand all sizes: Dont delay,they are going fast.asHARRY LINVILLE.HtllllHHHlH-H'lIHlHHIHlltCHBONiaCOHSTiPATION.It is by no means an easy matterto cure this disease, but it -can bedone"" In Moat instances by'iakingChamberlain's Tablets and comDlrinawittae LflatoTprimUd'directions ,-thatrtaccompany eacn package. ; ' -. (aus-adr) f(Anaconda1 Standard.)Those who were the boys at thefront a half century ago will holdtheir annual gathering at Boston beginning Ahgust i2, when it is expected that', froni 8,000 to 10,000gray veterans ofl the J3c. A. IT. willparade. -3jVith 'them -will marchsome of the boyswho are soon to goto the front to fight the nation's battles in the war yitli Germany.A good deal has been said in disparagement of the practice of sending1 our young men to battle for us,but the men who fought for thecountry in the Civil War were onthe average younger than those whowill fight our battjes with Germany.Boys fought in '61; the young menare to fight ill our war with Germany. Those who are soldiers are between the ages of 21 and 30; noneare under 21.- In the Civil War2,500,000 who enlisted to fight forthe North were 18 years of age orless. There were 1,158,438 whowere 18 years of age, 844,981 whowere 17, 231,105 who were 16, andso they ranged down to the age of10 years. Of the 3,000,000 who enlisted less than 50,000 at the timeof enlistment were above 25 years ofage.ta m laPOTATOES ;ABE LARGE.(Rochester Democrat.)An enormous crop .of, new potatoesfrom Florida is beginning to reachthe New YQrk market, but it is hardly to be expected that it will caiiseprices to fall. A Brooklyn dealer 'isquoted as spying .that Florida, farmers who exe )ected yields of forty-fiveto fifty bar: els tothe acre are harvesting eigl ty, and it is the opinionthat the crap in all the South Atlantic States will be large. Many Southern potatoea,re likely td be shipped.WestihApta'toe, 'arejnow'veryjscdrce. JpfMtW gfouttiern; potatocrop is bmg eagerly bought, theG. W. DAVISFuneral DirectorCorner Fifth and Pleasant Streets, Paris, Ky.Day Phones 137 ' Night Phones 299 er 936.Automobile Ambulance v Automobile HearseUndertakingOur Winton-Six Automobile Ambulance with Johnson &Johnson. First Aid Equipment and the Lungmotor (recentlysecured by us at great expense) a resuscitating device forthose apparently dead from drowning, gas poisoning, electricshock, collapse from anaesthasia, etc., always ready for service, DAY OR NIGHT. Phone us immediately when anaccident occurs.A MAN AND HIS WIFEmay both derive saiisfactionby having their worn and soiledgarments cleaned by us. Thecost is nominal, while the .pie asure of wearing old clothes thathave the appearance of new, in.conjunction with the knowledge,, that you are effecting a greatvingmyst surely satisfy ypu.I A Dhone brings us.LEVY, THE DRY CLEANERCumberland Phone 40 -Horned Phone 1 69 2. i- .cdealer, quoted does not think anyoneis speculating -in It. It may bel remarked' "thatthat is an opinion thatpractipailyvall Healers in, "the neceiflities oflife tiave.7Tnoe in the wheat,flour nand coaljbuainew will assurethe, consumer, ,with,anretLMunUatfiMand1 twwemt' , a4WfW&y1 'can't see any evidence whatever of a.disposition Jn those whocontrolthecommodities named to piariipulate, themarket. If a, person could .believethem there would be a great boostlhatlpfeast Ipmeimila.immaVfetlfo a.faitiWffa-tfoa.li,v.'TUESDAY, AUGUST 14, 1917.tmE,BOURBOy-ygyS,vFARIS XY.HHHiMaifiMMMIf ! li'-t-i.t- Wj--t.SERGEANT McCLINTOCK.No; i Decorated ForBravery; Borne andUflcleSam.By Serjeant Alexander McCHntock,D. C. M., 87th Overseas Batt.,Canadian Gren. Guards.Copyright, 1917, by the Bell Syndicate, Inc.This is the concluding article of theaeries of six by Sergeant McGlintock,an American hoy of Lexington, Ky.twho has seen service in France, teasdecorated for "bravery and invalidedhome. He has oeen promised a commission in our army. The first five installments told of the fighting in Belgium and on the Somme, where he wasdesperately wounded. This final installment describes his journey to therear with twenty-two pieces of shrapnelin one leg and his meeting with theking in a London hospital.IWAS taken from Pozieres to Albertin a Ford ambulance or, as theTommies would say, a "tin Lizzie."The man who drove this vehicle wouldmake a good chauffeur for an addingmachine. Apparently he was countingthe bumps in the road, for he didn'tmiss one of them. However, the tripwas only a matter of seven miles, andI was in fair condition when they liftedme out and carried me to an operatingtable in the field dressing station.A chaplain came along and murmured a little prayer in my ear. I imaginethat would have made a man feel verysolemn if he had thought there was achance he was about to pass out, butI knew I merely had a leg pretty badlysmashed up, and while the chaplainwas praying I was wondering if theywould have to cut it off. I figured, ifso, this would handicap my dancing.The first formality in a shrapnel caseis the administration of an anti-tetanusinnoculation, and when it is done yourealize that they are sure trying tosave your life. The doctor uses a horsesyringe, and the injection leaves alump on your chest as big as a baseball, which stays with you for fortyeight hours. After the injection anurse fills out a diagnosis blank witha description of your wounds and arecord of your name, age, regiment,regimental number, religion, parentageand previous history as far as she candiscover it without asking" questionswhich would be positively indelicate.After all of that my wounds were given their first real dressing.Immediately after this was done Iwas bundled into another ambulanceand driven to Contay, where the C. C.S. (casualty clearing station) and railhead were located. In the ambulancewith me were three other soldiers, anartillery officer and two privates of infantry. We were all ticketed off asshrapnel cases and probable recoveries,which latter detail is remarkable, sincethe most slightly injured of the fourhad twelve wounds, and there weresixty odd shell fragments or shrapnelballs collectively imbedded in us. Thenurse had told me that I had abouttwenty wounds. Afterward her countproved conservative. More accurateand later returns showed twenty-twobullets and shell fragments were inmy leg. They took these out and presented them to me. I have been giving them away for souvenirs."We were fairly comfortable in theambulance, and I especially had greatrelief from the fact that the nurse hadstrapped my leg in a sling attached tothe top of the vehicle. We smokedcigarettes and chatted cheerfully, exchanging congratulations on havinggot "clean ones" that is, wounds notprobably fatal. The artillery officertold me he had been supporting ourbattalion that morning with one of the"sacrifice batteries."A sacrifice battery, I might explain,is one composed of field pieces whichare emplaced between the front andsupport lines and which in case of an-attack or counterattack are fired atpoint blank range. They call themsacrifice batteries because some ofthem are wiped out every day. Thisofficer said our battalion that morninghad been supported by an entire division of artillery and that on our frontof 400 yards the eighteen poundersalone, in a curtain fire which lastedthirty-two minutes, had discharged15,000 rounds of high explosive shells.I was impressed by his statement, ofcourse, but I told him that, while this"was an astonishing lot of ammunition,it was even more surprising to havenoticed at close range, as I did, thenumber of Germans they missed. Toward the end of oar trip to Contay wewere sasck'oxbaiwtod and pretiy&badly5MBSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSS vS?!SBSSSB7BBSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSv Nfc5Fv sss'BBssssssrePBBSSSSSSSSSSnaBft , ' v-kHK&sssssajfcL i'&weASaS1V?eSBSxv J" "y xSBr"SSSSSk&SkBSSS&z&uX SSt ""''BEiiisSEjSSSSSSt-'OVER TJIERE!The Thrill and the Hell ofthe Trenches, Describedby an American Boy.Sergeant Alexander HcGlintock of Lexington, Ky., and the Canadian Army HtsGripping Tale That Every American WillBead, Tor He Tells the Pacts Unadorned. Wounded, a Distinguished ConductMedal Man, He Was Invalided Home,but Is Going "Out There"Again to FightFor Uncle Sam and His Allies. An Inspiring, Interesting, Personal KarratiTt,Full of the Spirit and Atmosphere of htTrenches.6haken up. We were beginning alsol to realize we were by no means out ofthe woods surgically. Our wounds hadmerely been dressed. Each of us facedan extensive and serious operation.We arrived at Contay silent and prettybadly depressed. For twenty-fourhours in the Contay casualty clearingstation they did little except feed usand take our temperatures hourly.Then we were put into a hospital trainfor Rouen.Germans Bomb Hospital Train.Right here I would like to tell a little story about a hospital train leavingContay for Rouen not the one wewere on, but one which had left a fewdays before. The train, when it wasjust ready to depart with a full quotaof wounded men, was attacked byGerman aeroplanes from which bombswere dropped upon it. There is nothing apparently that makes the Ger-Two of the Nursing Sisters Were theCoolest Individuals Present.mans so fearless and ferocious as theRed Cross emblem. On the top of eachof the cars in this train there was aRed Cross big enough to be seen frommiles in the air. The German aviatorsaccepted them merely as excellent targets. Their bombs quickly knockedthree or four cars from the rails andkilled several of the helplessly wounded men. The rest of the patients, weakand nervous from recent shock and -injury,some of them half delirious andnearly all of them absolutely helplessand in pain, were thrown into nearpanic.Two of the nursing sisters in chargeof the train were the coolest individuals present They walked calmly upand down its length, urging the patients to remain quiet, directing themale attendants how to remove thewounded men safely from the wreckedcars and paying no attention whateverto the bomb which were still exploding near the train. I did not have theprivilege of witnessing this scene myself, but I know that I have accurately described it, for the details weretold in an official report when the kingdecorated the two sisters with the Royal Red Cross for valor in the face ofthe enemy.The trip from Contay to Rouen wasa nightmare twenty-six hours traveling 130 miles on a train which wasforever stopping and starting, its jerkyand uncertain progress meaning to usjust hours and hours of suffering. I donot know whether this part of the system for the removal of wounded hasbeen improved now. Then, its inconveniences and imperfections must havebeen inevitable, for in every way afterward the most thoughtful and tendercare was shown us. In the long rowsof huts which compose the British general hospital at Rouen we found ourselves in what seemed like paradise.In the hut which constituted the special ward for leg wounds I was liftedfrom the stretcher on which I had traveled all the way from Poizers into acomfortable bed with fresh, cleansheets, and instantly I found myselfsurrounded with quiet trainee, efficient care. I forgot the pain of mywounds and the dread of the comingoperation when a tray of delicious foodwas placed beside my bed ana a nurseprepared me for the enjoyment of itby bathing my face and hands withscented water.On the following morning my legwas X rayed and photographed. I toldthe surgeon I thought the business ofoperating could very well be .put offuntil I had had about three moresquare meals, but he couldn't see itthat way. In the afternoon I got myfirst sickening dose of ether, and theytook the first lot of iron out of ma. Isuppose these were just the surfacedeposits, for they only got five or sixpieces. However, they continued systematically. I had five more operations, and every time I came out ofthe ether the row of bullets and shellrcraps at the foot of my bed was ar.ittle longer. - After "the. number hadmm L1L Jrireached twenty-two they told me tiiat surplus stock, if I had undertaken' toperhaps there were a itew mor? in eat and drink and smoke all the thingsthere, but they thought they'd better that were brought to me by Americanslet them stay. just because I was an American I'dMy wounds had become septic, and it be back in that hospital now only getwas necessary to give all attention to ; ting fairly started on the job. It'sdrainage and cure. It was about this some country when you need it.time that everything for awhile seem- Trrn-, inn nA n ttta n t raa wounded Get Great Welcome.iu. w UW.UIUC UUtiJ U.11U 111 J U1C1UU11Mgot all queerly mixed up and confused. ounaea soiaier getting back to zette that I had been awarded the disI recollect I conceived a violent dis- Eg la doesn't have a chance to im- tinguished conduct medal. Official letlike for a black dog that appeared aP?e that his services are not appre- ters from the Canadian headquartersfrom nowhere now and then and be-' cate(L The welcome he receives be- amplified this information, and a nogan chewing at my leg, and I believe ! fna. at the railrad station. All traf- tice from the British war office informI cave the nurse a severe talking: to ! ?.c w sPPed by the bobbies to give ed me that the medal awaited me there.because she insisted on going to lookon at the ball game when she ought to Ibe sitting by to chase that dog away.And I was perfectly certain about herbemg at the ball game, because I sawher there when I was playing thirdbase.The Alarming Cablegram.It was at this time (on Nov 28, 1916,ten days after I had been wounded)that my father in Lexington receivedthe following cablegram from the officer in charge of the Canadian recordsin England:Sincerely regret to inform you that Sergeant Alexander McCHntock is officiallyreported dangerously ill In No. 5 generalhospital from gunshot wound in left thigh.Further particulars supplied when received. It appears that during the time ofmy adventures with the black dog andthe inattentive nurse my temperaturehad ascended to the stage when thedoctors began to admit another methodof treatment might have been successful But I didn't pass out The onething I most regret about my close callis that my parents in Lexington werein unrelieved suspense about my condition until I myself sent them a cablefrom London on Dec. 15. After thefirst official message, seemingly prepared almost as a preface to the announcement of my demise, my fatherreceived no news of me whatever.And, as I didn't know that the officialmessage had gone, I cabled nothing tohim until I was feeling fairly chipperagain. You can't have wars, though,without these little misunderstandings.If it were possible I should say something here which would be fitting andadequate about the Englishwomenwho nursed the 2,o00 wounded men ingeneral hospital No. 3 at Rouen, butthat power isn't given me. All I cando is to fall back upon our most profound American expression of respectand say that my hat is off to them.One nure in the ward in which I layhad been on her feet for fifty-six hours,with hardly time even to eat. Shefinally fainted from exhaustion, wascarried out of the ward and was backagain in four hours, assisting at anoperation. And the doctors were doing their bit, too, hi living up to theobligations which they considered tobe theirs. An operating room was inevery ward, with five tables in each.After the fight on the Somme, in whichL was wounded, not a table was vacant any hour in the twenty-four fordays at a time. Outside of each roomwas a long line of stretchers containing patients next awaiting surgical attention. And in all that stress I didnot hear one word of complaint fromthe surgeons who stood hour afterhour, using their skill and training forthe' petty pay of English army medicalofficers.On Dec. 5 I was told I was wellenough to be sent to England, and onthe next day I went on a hospital trainfrom Rouen to Havre. Here I wasplaced on a hospital ship which everymedical officer in our army ought tohave a chance to inspect Nothing ingenuity could contrive for convenienceand comfort was missing. Patientswere sent below decks in elevatorsand then placed in swinging cradleswhich hung level no matter what theship's motion might be. As soon asI had been made comfortable in myparticular cradle I was given a boxPeople Stand In Crowds, the Men WithHats Off, While Ambulances Pass.which had engraved upon it: "Presented with the compliments of the UnionCastle line. May you have a speedyand good recovery." The box contained cigarettes, tobacco and a pipe.When the ship docked at Southampton, after a run of eight hours Acrosschannel, each patient was asked whatpart of the British isles he would liketo be taken to for the period of hisconvalescence. I requested to be taken to London, where, I thought, therewas the best chance of my seeingAmericans who might know me.' Say,I sure made a good guess! I didn'tknow many Americans, but I didn'tneed to know them. They found meand made themselves acquainted. Theybrought things, and then they wentout to get more they had forgotten tobring the first trip. The second day.nfter I .had been installed on & cot inthe King George hospital, in London,I seut 1,500 c.'garettes back to the boysvt -our .battalion in France out 'ojTmyi mu - -. .... ... . . .JT" -"" wy ivinBatn' The P le stand inTth T th b? ffinn r.-rl-,,l i i! jrush out and throw flowers to thewounded men. Sometimes there is acheer, but usually only silence andwords of sympathy.The King George hospital was builtto be a government printing office andwas nearing completion when the warbroke cut. It has been made. a paradise for convalescent men. The bareness and the sick suggestion and characteristic smell, so to speak, of the.I j" '"I thank you," he said, "for myself andmy people for your services."average hospital are unknown here.There are sof t lights and .comfortablebeds and pretty women going aboutas visitors. The stage beauties andcomedians come to entertain us. Thefood is delicious, and the chief thoughtof every one seems to be to show theinmates what a comfoi table and cheerything it is to be ill among a lot of realfriends. I was there from Decemberuntil February, and my recollectionsof the stay are so pleasant that sometimes I wish I was back.On the Friday before Christmasthere was a concert in our ward.imnnir Mm nvt.ists who entertained uswere Fav Compton, Gertrude Elliott J(sister of Maxine Elliott), George Robieand other stars of the London stage.After our protracted stay in thetrenches and our long absence fromall the civilized forms of amusementthe affair seemed to us the most wonderful show ever given. And in someways it was. For instance, in the mostentertaining of dramatic exhibitionsdid you ever see the lady artists goaround and reward enthusiastic applause with kisses? Well, that's whatwe got. And I am proud to say thatit was Miss Compton who conferredthis honor upon me.At about 3 o'clock on that afternoon,when we were all having a good time,one of the orderlies threw open thedoor of the ward and "announced in aloud voice that his majesty the kingwas coming in. We could not havebeen more surprised if some one hadthrown in a Mills bomb. Almost immediately the king walked in, accompanied by a number of aids. Theywere all in service uniforms, the kinghaving little in the style of his uniform to distinguish him from the others. He walked around, presenting; each patient with a copy of "QueenMary's Gift Book," an artistic littlevolume, with pictures and short storiesby the most famous of English artistsand writers. When he neared my bedhe turned to one of the nurses and inquired: "Is this the one?"The nurse nodded. He came and satat the side of the bed and shook handswith me. He asked as to what part ofthe United States I had come from,how I had got my wounds and whatthe nature of them were, how I wasgetting along and what I particularlywished done for me. I answered hisquestions and said that everything Icould possibly wish for had alreadybeen done for me.Thanked by King: and Decorated ForBravery."I thank you," he said, "for myselfand my people for your services. Ourgratitude cannot be great enough toward men who have served as youhave."He spokein a very low voice andwith no assumption of royal dignity.There was nothing in the least thrilling about the incident, but there wasmuch apparent sincerity in the fewwords.After he had gpne one of the nursesasked me what he had said."Oh," I said, "George asked me whatI thought about the way the war wasbeing conducted, and I said I'd drop inand talk it over with him as soon asI was well enough to be up."There happened one of the great disappointments of my life. She didn'tsee the jole. She was English. Shegasped and glared at me, and I thinkshe went out and Teported that I wasdelirious again.'- Really, I wasn't much impressed by- th English king. He, seemed a pleas-"DCJs. 3JffS J ,.anttired litthvman with a great; Dncden to lear and not much of an ideaabout how to bear it. lie struck meas an individual who would conscientiously do his best in any situation, butwould never do or say anything with. the slightest suspicion of a punch to itA few days after his visit to the hos-nlf-nl T snw in hf Offipinl TVvndnn Ga-w .I was told the king knew that themedal had been awarded to me whenhe spoke to me in the hospital. Despite glowing reports in the Kentucky jpress he didn't pin it on me. Probablyhe didn't have it with him, or perhapshe didn't consider it good form to hanga D. C. M. on a suit of striped presentation pajamas with a prevailing tone ofbaby blue.While I was in the King George hospital I witnessed one of the most wonderful examples of courage and pluckI have ever seen. A young Scot onlynineteen years old, McAuley by name,had had the greater part of his faceblown away. The surgeons had patched him up in some fashion, but h washorribly disfigured. He was the brightest, merriest man in the ward, always.joking and never depressed. His own.forHKlo Trilsfftrfnfio whq mproltr fho tnruic for humorous comment with him.! He seemed to get positive amusementout f the fact that the surgeons werealways sending for him to do some-I thing more with his face. One day hei was going into the operating room anda fellow patient asked him what thenew operation was to be."Oh," he said, "I'm going to have acabbage put on in place of a head.It'll grow better than the one I havenow."Once in a fortnight he would manage to get leave to absent himself fromthe hospital for an hour or two. Henever came back alone. It took acouple of men to bring him in. On thenext morning he would say:"Well, it was my birthday. A manmust have a few drinks on his birthday." I was discharged from the hospitalin the middle of February and sent toa comfortable place at Hastings, Sus-j sex, where I lived until my furloughpapers came through. 1 had a nnetime in London at the theaters andclubs pending my departure for home.When my furlough had arrived I wentto Buxton, Derbyshire, where the Canadian discharge depot was located,and was provided with transportationto Montreal. I came back to Americaon the Canadian Pacific Royal Mailsteamer Metagama, and the trip waswithout incident of any sort. We layfor a time in the Mersey, awaitingword that our convoy was ready to seeus out of the danger zone, and a destroyer escorted us 400 miles on" ourway.I was informed before my departurethat a commission as lieutenant in theCanadian forces awaited my returnfrom furlough, and I had every intention of going back to accept it, butsince I got to America things have happened. Now it's the army of UncleSam for mine. I've written these stories to show what we are up against.It's going "to be a tough game and abloody one and a sorrowful one formany, but it's up to us to save theissue where it's mostly right on oneside and all wron on 'the other andI'm glad we're in. I'm not willing toquit soldiering now, but I will be whenwe get through with this.- Becausewhen we finish up with all this therewon't be any necessity for soldiering.The world will be free of war for along, long time, and a God's mercythat.THE END.The State of Westsylvania.The "province and government ofWestsylvania" was a proposal made bythe settlers in the southwest of Pennsylvania and the adjacent territory forthe creation of a new state. It originated in connection with the troublesbetween Virginia and Pennsylvania,and the scheme was brought forwardearly in July, 177G. A description ofthe proposed gdvernment defines thebounds as "beginning at the easternbranch of the Ohio opposite the mouthof the Scioto and running thence in adirect line to the Owasioto pass, thenceto the top of the Allegheny mountains,thence with the top of the said mountains to the northern limits of the purchase made from the Indians in 176S atthe treaty of Fort Stanwix, thencewith the said limits to the Allegheny orOhio river and then down the saidriver as purchased from the said Indians at the aforesaid treaty of FortStanwix at the beginning." A call fora convention 'to organize the government was issued, but a memorial ofthe Virginia committee of West Augusta county to the lower house of assembly led to the abandonment of theplan. Philadelphia Pi ess.London's Crystal Palace.Crystal palace was originallyrbuiltin Hyde park for the great exhibitionof 1851, being afterward removed toits present site and re-erected. Atthe first state opening of the palace byQueen Victqria it was urged that theusual artillery salute should not befired, the reason given beinjr-that theconcussion would shiver the glass roofand the company assembled below, including her majesty, would be cut intomincemeat. Dire were the predictionsof the scaremongers when the desiimfor the palace was made public. Thefirst gale, they said, would inevitablywreck it, while the heat engendered bythe sun pouring Its rays upon thedomed glass roof would be so terrificthat no human being could withstandit Consequently if they escaped an.avalanche of glass they would b roast-- ed to death inside the case.3ave2cour&yesFor distinctive eye glassservice' consult us.We use the latest and mostup-to-date methods of refractthe eyes.Give us an early call.We Fit WhenTOthers FailFRYE & FRANKLINDOCTORS OF OPTOMETRYDow Bldg., opp. Windsor HotelProfessional Cards.DR. WM. KENNEYEye, Ear, Nose and Throat.ROOMS 403-404.FIRST NAT'L BANK BUILDING.PHONE 136.WM. GRANNANAttorneyatLawROOMS 401-402.FIRST NAT'L BANK BUILDINGCAHAL BROS.BARBER SHOPPrompt andCourteousPatrons.Attention' t'HOT AS3 COLD BATHS.VhitiyXMaJcas3itTfflGr'ikJZZLiZJRwiiy;;THERE'S a heap of joyin a ton of good coal.Your stove or furnacewon't have much troublefrom extracting comfortfrom a ton of coal if youbuy it from us. Our rapiddelivery will please you.W. C. D0DS0NfSouth Main St.kftThe Home of Good CoalYou Don't Have toStoopIf You Use aGarlandCabinetRangelay. Come'ln-aiHl leek them even-00 "1S5SFTjfo-Xs Bi &l T M:virifmSsliSzir4itjtsMbsHbbssssssssssVBHnBSSejBKDKvSeBSeBBBBBBBBSBJllSBBSSSSSSSSSsII 1f ' .1A beautiful Una ef Garlaaeto an.dle" fKai.1,1idtflif!-r ii-1'VItilMf!.ISif111HIx-.-fyJv?,A"$tn.t.V'-yjpy'Q'ijmjf'ffw"jrjt ip'mm5111- yw' wn, nvvipi"'f'- - -Tfr "ifc"A"-3ri-t-w.v-, -, FOTESDAY,AUGTTST 14, 11T.THE BOUR&ON NEWS,VPARIS, KY.PAGE EIGHT4'irrg,-Jafter he was able to leaye the hospital. He has since suffered a relapse, and is again in the hospital,another operation being probable.Mrs. W. M. Miller entertained anumber of the elderly ladies Saturday afternoon in honor of Mrs. M. E.Hutchcraft. Mrs. Hutchcraft is anaunt of Mrs. Miller, and has residedin the Miller home for a number ofyears. She leaves to-day in companywith her granddaughter, MargaretStanard, of Pueblo, Col., for a visitto friends in a number of Kentuckytowns, after which she will accompany her granddaughter to Pueblo,where she will make her future home.Mrs. Hutchcraft is one of our mostpopular ladies and she has always aglad smile and a pleasant word foreveryone. It is with many .regretsthat her many friends give her up.ComingAttractionsPARIS GRAND AND ALAMOMcCORMICKTUESDAYSelig presents RalphHerz, one of America'smost popular comedians,in"The Mysteryof Number 47"a delightful comedy drama. Helen Holme in 11thepisode ofTheRailroad Raiders'WEDNESDAYClara Kimball Young in an extraSelznick feature"The Foolish Virgin"in seven parts. Advertising price 5and 10 cents. Alamo afternoon,Grand at night.In Florence, Arizona, to Mr. andMrs. Bailey Peyton Wooton, a sixpound daughter. The mother wasformerly Miss Clara Collins, of Paris.To Mr. and Mrs. Robt. Watson,on the farm of Mr. Wm. Ardery, nearParis, a daughter; first-born; christened Grace Allie. Mrs. Watson wasformerly Miss Mabc-1 Neal, of RobertMOWERSHave Stood The Test jjson county. i JBilly Clarke, of the local post-office force, was so flustrated yester-.Jday. morning that he didn't know aBIRTHS.Vivian Martin in a clever comedydrama, "The Spiritof Romance"with Paramount comedy will beshown at Alamo at night.money-order from a special deliverystamp. But he did know that a tenpound son had arrived at his home.The mother was formerly Miss AileenSchwartz, of Paris. All doing well.1 PaFINED FOE DRIVING CATTLE ONPAVEMENT.fI('twCLVv4. Also MutualNo. 126.WeeklyHours Alamo, 2 to 5:30; Paris Grand,7 to 1 0:30, Admission 5 and 1 0c.MILLERSBURGMiss Ruth McClintock is visitingMrs. J. W. Mock, at Ashland.Mrs. Anna Barnes has returnedafter a visit to relatives at Sharpsburg. Miss Margie Helm, 'of BowlingGreen, is theguest of Miss OliveFisher.Miss Blanton Collier, of Cynthiarra, is the guest of Miss Mary McDaniell. Mrs. Lutie Becraft, of Paris, isthe guest of her mother, Mrs. AnnaJefferson.Mrs. Bessie Caldwell is visitingher son, Mr. J. M. Caldwell, and son,near Paris. NMrs. J. W. Gardner has returnedafter a three-weeks' visit to relativesat Somerset.Mr. C. C. Clarke will leave Wednesday for a two-weeks' sojourn atSwango Springs.Mrs. Anna Cummins, of Eminence, is the guest of her cousin,Mrs. Mattie Jones.Miss Virginia Harris, of Jackson,arrived Thursday as the guest of heraunt, Mrs. W. G. Dailey.Mr. and Mrs. M. D. Hurst leftGreen Peas Green BeansHead Lettuce TomatoesCucumbers OkraEgg Plant CymlinsBlackberriesPeaches .Watermelons CanteloupesCelery5VASTEAKS - CHOPSROASTSFresh Rolls Fresh BreadFresh CakesEvery DayWILMOTHGrocery Co.Phone 376PEBgCTANSERAS &.SPEVACATION Days!Make them happierby taking an Ansco withyou. Then the joys of vacation willlast forever in the pictures you make.You will carry an Ansco VestPocket with you always as you doyour watch and compass. It is everready for action it gets the picture.is 'jiffy." The negatives, make2Ine enlargements. Several stylesand lens equipments. $7.50 toThe larger FoldingAnscos have many valuable, exclusive, picturesaving features. Comein and let us demonstrate them. ,BROOKS & SNAPP DRUG CO.The Penslar StoreThursday for a a week's visit to relatives in Fleming county.Mrs. Nannie Cornes and family,of Falmouth, were the guests of Mr.and Mrs. R. C. Bonar, Sunday.Miss Stella Stirman, of Elizaville, arrieved Thursday as guest ofher aunt, Mrs. S. H. Endicott.Miss Laura, C. Jefferson left Monday for a visit to her cousin, Mrs.W. W. Hutchinson, at Nepton.Misses Lula Sharp, of Sharpsburg, and Marie Battle, of Florida,are guests of Mrs. Anna Barnes.Miss Elizabeth Isham has returned to her home at Shelbyville, after! a short visit to Miss Olive Fisher.Mrs. Mattie Purnell and daughters have returned after a few days'visit to Mrs. F. M. Collier, at Paris.The County Convention of theChristian church will convene at theMillersburg Christian church Wednesday. Mr. Ben D. Best returned to hishome at Cincinnati, Saturday, aftera several days' visit to his sister,Mrs. J. A. Miller.Mr. and Mrs. R. M. Caldwelland daughter left Monday for a visitto her parents, Mr. and Mrs. BailesDeBelle, at Ewing.Miss Agnes Wadell has returnedafter a week's sojourn at Crab Orchard Springs, accompanied by MajorEckles, of Akron, Ohio.Miss Mary Miller left Fridayfor her home at Atlanta, Ga., afterseveral weeks' visit to her brother,Dr. W. M. Miller, and family.Miss Bettie Rees, of Mayslick,Mr. Jason Redmon, of Paris, and H.C. Lee, of Brooksville, were guests ofthe Misses Woods, Saturday and Sunday.Miss Patsy Crump, Messrs. Jas.Anderson, Robert Augustus and GlenJennings, of Georgetown, were guestsof Mr. and Mrs. R. C. Goldsmith,Sunday.Miss Amelia Hurst and brother,Mr. Edward Hurst, have returned af-ter a two-weeks' visit to their grandj parents, Mr. and Mrs. Edward Cochjran, in Elizaville.I Mrs. Ada McClintock and daughter, Miss Anna James McClintock,' little Miss Katherine Jones, Mr. R.jG. McClintock and son, Stanley McClintock, were guests of Mr. and Mrs.I Turner Perry, at Owingsville, Sun-day and Monday.Mr. J. W. Boulden, of Maysville,was the guest of his niece, Mrs. A. S.Best, Saturday. He was en route toShelbyville, where he has accepted aposition as night clerk in a hoteloperated by Mr. and Mrs. J. S(mithClarke.The many friends of Mr. C. W.Corrington will regret to learn thathe is not improving. Some weeksago he and his wife went to Atlanta,Ga., to visit relatives. While thereMr. Corrington underwent an operation, which was thought at the timenot to be serious. In a short timeIICTSsSEJ$56.4&!&. -i0'TbeSigaofdwAmco DeaferRELIGIOUS.The tent meeting being conductedon the Bourbon College lot by Evangelist Hobbs, closed Sunday night.Mr. Hobbs has gone to his old homein Lamed, Kansas, to rest for awhile.At the conclusion of the servicesat the Christian church Sundaymorning Mr. and Mrs. W. C. McCracken, of Carlisle, and Mr. and Mrs.O. B. Mann, of Pleasant Valley, united with the congregation by letter.Rev. Frank M. Tinder has beenelected as pastor of the North Middletown Christian church. Rev. Tinderhas held pastorates at Carlisle, Stanford and other places, where he served the congregations with signal ability and zeal. He is an able and eloquent orator. The transfer will bemade in about sixty days.DEATHS.THACKEC.The infant child oi Mr. and Mrs.Wm. B. Thacker died at the home ofits parents on Vine street, Sunday, jafter a short illness. The body wasinterred in the Paris Cemetery yesterday morning at nine o'clock.HATFIELD.The funeral of Miss MargaretHatfield, aged sixteen, who died Saturday night of tuberculosis at thehome of her parents, Mr. and Mrs.Clinton Hatfield, on- the Clay &Kiser pike, near Paris, was held inthe Jacksonville Cemetery yesterdayafternoon, at 2:30 o'clock, with services conducted at the grave by Rev.W. O. Sadler, pastor of the ParisMethodist church.The pall-bearers were David Patrick, Nathan Linville, Dock Williams,Bryan W,illiams, Mart Hatfield, WoodHouston, James Hatfield and BenHouston.Miss Hatfield had been in declininghealth for a year, the dread diseasehaving gained such a hold that medical science was unable to rescue herfrom it's clutches. She is survivedbesides her parents, by one sister,Miss Annie Hatfield, and one brother,Mr. William Hatfield.fe feMATRIMONIAL.DERRICK RANKIN.DERRICK KIMBRELL.At his home, at the corner of Mainand Tenth street, Saturday morning;Rev. W. E. Ellis, pastor of the ParisChristian church, officiated at adouble wedding, in which the sisters,Misses Alice and Lillie Derrick, became respectively Mrs. Arthur D.Rankin and Mrs. Clay Kimbrell. Theparties are all residents of the Newtown vicinity. The brides are veryattractive young women, twin sisters,and the grooms are prosperous youngfarmers.MORGAN GARRISON.Rev. W. E. Ellis, pastor of theParis Christian church, officiated athis residence, at the corner of Mainand Tenth streets, Saturday afternoon at five o'clock, at the weddingof Miss Mae Morgan, of this city, andMr. Homer Garrison, of this county.The bride, who is a very handsomeand attractive young women, wasbecomingly dressed in a blue silksuit with hat to match, and wore acorsage bouquet of white roses. Sheis a sister of Miss Mayme Morgan, amember of the Cumberland TelephoneCo.'s force of operators, and resideswith her parents on High street,they having recently moved to Parisfrom Jackstown. Mr. Garrison is adeserving and industrious youngfarmer. Mr. and Mrs. Garrison willreside at the home of the groom, nearJackstown.SHORTHORN BREEDERS ORGANIZE. The Kentucky Shorthorn Breeders'Association was organized Friday atLexington for the purpose of prompting the breeding of pure-bred Shorthorn cattle. Articles of incorporation were filed directly afterward.Six hundred shares of stock will beissued. The charter jmembers are B.A. Thomas, Shelbyville; J. H. Gray,Pisgah; T. J. Bigstaff, Mt. Stirling;R. Judy, Sharpsburg; I. H. Thurman,Springfield; C. H. Boyer, Lexington;O. M Johnson, Millersburg; J. P.Redmon, Paris, and A. Jewell, Lex-' ." r-ington.- ' . AXf- .-, ,-lPAWS' GIEATES, y ,- , v , wMr. Frank Piper, of Bourboncounty, was recently fined $5 andcosts in Judge January's court forviolating the city ordinance regarding driving stock through the streetswithout a proper number of men attending to prevent them straying onlawns of residences or on the citypavements.PAINTAt Less than PresentWholesale Cost!To close out about $150 worthof strictly first class paint weoffer:1-gallon cans dJO A AHalf-gallon cans J "I A AQuart cans CjAPint cans 9Cat .'. 3CAll Varnishes and Stains atEqual Reductions.BusyBeeCashStore"The Store For Daily Bargains"INOW GOING ONA price-slashing sale of Summer Footwear, in spite of the high pricesprevailing in shoedom. Anticipating the great advance in shoe prices WEBOUGHT HEAVY! The weather this season has been most unfavorablewe find ourselves overloaded with High Grade Men's, Women'sChildren'sSUMMER FOOTWEARthat must be turned into cash at once at prices below factory cost Iof the many extraordinary bargains;Ladies' Pumps andOxfordsLadies' Gray and Champagne KidPumps, $4.00, Sale Price$1.95Ladies' White Sea Island CanvasPumps, $2.50, Sale Price $1.75Ladies' White Poplin Canvas Pumpsand Oxfords, $2.00, Sale Price$1.49Ladies' Dull and Patent Kid, StylishPumps, $4.50 and $5.00, Sale Price$3.49Ladies' Patent Kid Colonette Pumps$4.00 and $4.50, Sale Price$2.95Ladies' Patent and Dull Kid Low andHigh Heel Pumps, $3.50, SalePrice $2.45Ladies' Dull Kid and Patent PumpsBoys', Misses' and Children's Shoes and SlippersMISSES' AND CHILDREN'S SANDALS 49cDAN COHENGMEITEST SHOE &T0REkv----Get a McCormickAnd You'll Have The BestWE HAVE A. 2, Ball Oarage ICor. Fourth and Pleasant St. . Smand Oxfords, $3.00, Sale Price Men's Shoes andLadies' Patent Pumps and Comf. Kid Oxf OrdsOxfords, $2.00, Sale Price $1.49 , .x . ,. , ,Ladies' Black assorted small size Ox- fiiWl nS p2 'fords, $3.00, Sale Price 99c , l.Men's Russian Tan Oxfords, Walk-Over and Bostonian, $4.50, SaleLadies' Boots and Shoes' Price $349t ,. ,' t - -r Men's Tan and Gunmetal Oxfords,Ladies' White Sea Island Canvas $3.00, Sale Price , $1.99Boots, $3.50. Sale Price $2.45 ' , ,, . . -, ,. ,. , rt . ,,. , ' . .Men's Patent Colt English Oxfords,Ladies' White Canvas, Rubber Sole, $5.00, Sale Price $3.45English Boots, $2.50, Sale Price ,, , w . Tr., . , -. - -Y ' uq Men's Black Kid Oxfords, Walk-Over,$i.cj $4 5Q gale price $3 g0Ladies' Black Kid High Shoes, Button Mens Gun Meta Button and Land Lace, $4.00, Sale Pnce$2.99 ?400i Sale p 2.99Ladies Gun Metal Button, small sizes, Men's Gun Metal Button Shoes, $3.00$3.00, Sale Price $1.49 Sale Price $1.99None Sent on Approval, ExchangedNo Stamps Given During ThisjLARGE STOCKandandA fewat a great sacrifice In pricev TENNIS 39cor Credited.Sale.3U MIM STREET AlTs W -V4'i&,m". ,y&-,. "V,Vw,,- - i