4 tr t.,,r: vv"u'1 rVr V;vSi .,V.,?fTHE BOURBON NEWSPUBLISHED EVERY TUESDAY AND FRIDAY IN THE YEAR." OSFSrtS--TI-0.VOLUME XXXVIIPARIS, BOURBON COUNTY, KENTUCKY, FRIDAY, JULY f, 1917"dTOPULAR PHYSICIAN BURNEDIN GAS EXPLOSION.Seeking a leak in a gas stovecame near having serious resultsWednesday for Dr. Charles G.Daugherty, one of the most popularphysicians in Paris.Dr. and Mrs. Daugherty, whorecently married, had just returneda few days ago from their honeymoon trip in the East, and had beenhusily engaged in fitting up theWright cottage next to the Methodist church, on Pleasant street, foroccupancy. Upon entering one ofthe rooms Wednesday about noon,Dr. Daugherty detected the odor ofescaping gas. He secured a stepladder, and traced the escaping gasto a fixture in the wall. Thinkinghe had securely closed it, he strucka match to test it. There was adeafening explosion at once, resulting from the accumulation of gas inthe room, and a blaze snot up theceiling and out of the windows,scorching woodwork, knocking Dr.Daugherty from the stepladder,smashing the glass door and a bigwindow in the front of the house.Dr. Daugherty was severely burnedabout the face, neck and arms, butmanaged to make his way out intothe yard. His glasses' saved hiseyes from injury. His hair wassinged. Mrs. Daugherty, who wasin a room back of the one in whichthe explosion occurred, also felt th-seffect of the explosion, her hair being singed, but she escaped injury,having been close to the outer doorat the time.Neighbors came to the assistanceof the injured man, who was takento the home of Mr. and Mrs. JohnJ. Williams, and then to the residence of Mr. Bruce Holladay, wherebrother physicians attended hisburns and gave him temporary relief. His escape is little short ofmiraculous, as the room in which theexplosion occurred looked as if ithad been in a cyclone and fire combined. Mrs. Daugherty was not seriouslyburned, but suffered from the nervous shock. Dr. Daugherty was resting easy yesterday. He is one of themost popular physicians in CentralKentucky, which was attested by thenumerous inquiries from friendsand acquaintances in this and othercities and counties asking as tohiscondition.ffl fe E3PORMER PARIS MAN KILLED INEXPLOSION.Mr. Frank Metcalfe, aged thirtytwo, of Lexington, who at one timesang at the Comet Theatre, afterwardthe Columbia Theatre, in this city,and who married Miss Paynter, ofParis, was killed by the prematureexplosion of a -daylight bomb atQunicey, Illinois, where he has beensinging at an amusement park.Metcalf had just finished singing asong, and had gone out into thegrounds to light thbomb. He returned for some reason or other, andcame back again, and relit the fuse,which had gone out. The fuse wasmuch shorter than he thought, andwhile he was leaning over examiningit the bomb exploded. Metcalf 's skullwas fractured and his eyes blown out.He was removed to St. Mary's Hospital, w"here he died a few hours afterward. The body was prepared for burialand was shipped to his old home inLexington, where the funeral will beheld to-morrow. Metcalf had been inthe amusement business for severalyears, and claimed to be an expert inthe use of fireworks. He had just finished a singing engagement in Evansrille, Ind.y ta"WAR RELICS ON DISPLAYIn the window of the Peoples-DepositBank yesterday there was displayed an 'interesting lot of relicspicked up from the battlefields ofT?rn.Tifi bv Cant. Leslie Vickers, theEnglish army officer who lectured at jthe Paris Chautauqua yesteraay aiternoon, as an added attraction.The relics comprised shrapnelshells and bullets, dum-dum bullets,such as used by the Germans, a British rifle which had been struck bya shell, twisted out- of all semblance to a weapon, gas masks, such&s used in the trenches, gas containers for the deadly chlorine gas usedin the European battles; samples ofhigh explosives used in the war, andmany other objects of interest.The collection attracted the attention of almost everyone passing the.bank and was well worth an inspection. "BOOTLEGGER" DRAWS HNEAND SENTENCE.notv Sheriffs McClintock, Marshall and Gibson arrested WilliamMitchell, colored, of near CUntonville, charged with bootlegging.Mitchell was taken before Judge C.A. McMillan on a warrant charging. ,t J V.io TvnesAShim 7 " of sale i local i Stanley are pursuant to recommendasion for th? eJ gW tioni of the National Defense organioption territory. He was Seventh andhearing, also a nne oj. v v.owHn.-nr men will -have direc-s. Jivs in the county ttuiSOME OF THE NUMBER TOfe BE DRAWN? fete WASHINGTON, July 5. It m!county territory for the past threewas unofficially stated here fefe to-day that men in all parts ssfe of the United States holding feS registration cards corres- fePa ponding to the following ?Sife numbers would be drafted 5afe for the new national army: EiPS 5, 11, 17, 61, 67, 100, 107, PaP3 109, 111, 114, and 145. pafe Persons holding registration PPaPSISPaPacards with the aforesaid lsinumbers will be in the firstallotment of the .500,000men to be raised by selectiveconscription, is was said.PaP91PaPafePaPallTSfefePsfefe Pa feRACING COMMISSION ASSIGNSRACING DATES.The Kentucky Commission at ameeting at the Latonia race trackWednesday allotted fall racing datesin Kentucky and adopted resolutionsin which it gave a broad hint to promotors of the new track at Rosedale,Ky., that the construction of addional racing plants in Kentuckywould be detrimental to the best interests of the breeding industry andthe sport of racing. The resolutionfollows."It is the unanimous opinion of theCommission that the construction ofadditional racing plants in Kentuckywould be detrimental to the best interests of the breedingf industry andthe sport of racing, inasmuch as thetracks now in existence and licensedby this Commission are adequate toaccommodate all the racing dates theCommission is willing to grant."The following racing dates were allotted: Lexington, Wednesday, Septemer 12, to Saturday, September 22,ten days; Douglas Park, Wednesday,September 26, to Wednesday, October 3, seven days; Churchill Downs,Thursday, October 4, to Thursday,October 11, seven days; Latonia, Saturday, October 13, to Saturday, November 10, twenty-five days.la fe ISMR. SNAPP RISES TO EXPLAIN.Paris, Ky., July 3, 1917.To The Public:Because of recent publications inwhich I was favorably mentioned forSecretary of the Bourbon CountyYoung Men's Christian Association, Iwish to" state:Before the Y. M. C. A. building inParis was completed, I was promisedby two former Secretaries, who cameto me unsolicited, the position of anassistant secretary, which I agreedto accept and failed to receive.At that time I mentioned the matter to a number of my friends. Sincethey they have been untiring in theirefforts to secure a place for me inthe Y. M. C. A. work.I desire to express my sincerethanks to my many 'friends and toTHE BOURBON NEWS for their personal interest in my welfare, and assure them I appreciate their confidence and the kind motives whichprompted them to suggest me for theplace.In conclusion, however, I desire tostate that I have never at any timepersonally applied for any position inthe Y. M. C. A., and, if tendered theposition as Secretary, would in allprobability decline to accept it.Respectfully,DENNIS V. SNAPP.& IS KWOMAN KILLED BY TRAIN.The north-bound Louisville &Nashville passernger train leavingParis about 8:20 a. m. ran over andinstantly killed Mrs. Rankin, of Falmouth, Tuesday morning. The accident happened at Hayes, a station aI few miles south of Falmouth, whereMrs. Rankin had just left the southbound train.Without seeing the other train approaching she attempted to cross thetracks to go to the home of herdaughter, who was standing in thedoor and who witnessed the accidentMrs Rankin was hurled about seventy-five feet, and every bone in herbody was broken. The heavy trainproceeded about seventy-five yardsbefore it could be stopped, then backed up and took the mangled body, accompanied by the daughter, to Falmouth, where it was turned over tothe local undertakers. .An investigation absolved thetrainmen from all blame in the matter, as the accident was clearly unavoidable. sa pa pa"RECOGNIZE THE PROFESSIONI"James M. Ross, managing editor ofthe Lexington Leader, and MauriceBurnaguh, formerly of Paris, of th.3LPvinston Herald staff, have receivedcommissions as district members ofthe Council of National Defense.- IT riP.se aDDOlIllUicuw "J v.x,r.tuC JTf.. ---I tion of publicity affairs.GAME WARDEN AFTER CLARKCOUNTY VIOLATORS. iDeputy State Game Warden Bush 'Bishop has been working in Clarkdays looking up alleged violatons of for the counties by Governor Stanley Fund Commissioners, Mrs. John J.the State fish and game laws. Mr. more than two-thirds of the men se-!connell, Chairman of the CommisBishop returned to Winchester, Tues- lected are refusing to serve; appar- sion, submitted the following report-day after a long and tedious chasethrough the Red River country in an required to discriminate among citeffort to locate persons who had izens of their communities, who debeen tipped off as having been en-' sire to escape military duty. "I amgaged in dynamiting fish in the a candidate for re-election" or canstreams i.n that vicinity. didate for some local office is theMr. Bishop conducted a vigorous .examination and search of thestreams and the country surrounding,but was unable to collect enough evidence to warrant a prosecution, andthe chase was temporarily abandoned. While in Clark county Mr. Bishoptook occasion to look into otherother cases of fish and game violations that had been reported to him,and was successful in securing evidence against a Clark county manwho had been reported as shootingsquirrels out of season. A warrantwas issued for his arrest and placedin the hands of Sheriff Howard Gilbert, of Clark county, for service.In this connection it would be wellto heed the provisions of Section 4,Senate Bill No. 173, of the gamelaws,, which reads as follows:"Se?tion 4. Squirrels When Unlawful to Catch or Kill. No personshall, . between the 16th day of December and the 30th day of June,'both days inclusive, in any years,catch, kill, injure, or pursue withsuch intent, any squirrel, or any partof any squirrel or have in possessionany squirrel, or any part of anysquirrel, no matter when or wherecaught or killed, whether caught orkilled in this State, or any otherState, territory, country or place."Pa P3 P3MR. RENICK ADDRESSES.BON AUDIENCE.BOUR-Hon. Abram Renick, of Winchester, candidate for the Democraticnomination for State Senator fromthe Bourbon-Clark-Montgomery district, addressed a large crowd ofvoters at the court house in Paris,Monday, in the interesi of his candidacy. Mr. Renick devoted his timeto setting forth the platform ' uponwhich he proposed to make hfs raceand was given close attention hy hishearers.Mr. Renick had offered todividetime with his opponents, Messrs. iWainscott, Hon and Gillispie, who 'were present, but the gentlemen were 'too busy presenting their individualclaims to the voters to accept the defi. 1s:WE KNOW HWiKoolCLOTHESvlflHCK" v VttfPPvMmLCome in today and let us make youcool and comfortable.Mitchell & BlakemoreManhattan Shirts Nettleton Shoes Stetson HatsDr. Reed's Cushion SolesEXEMPTION BOARD DUTIES AREPROVING NOT POPULAR. ,Exemption Boards are not provingpopular forms of service to the coun-try, and out of some 300 appointedently on the idea that they will bemost common excuse for refusalThe Governor in his letter urgedupon the men the importance andhonor of thw positions and forwardedto them a communication from theProvost Marshal General settingforth he need for expeditious andexact compliance with the regulations, explaining to them that theearly presence' of an American armyin France of large proportions is required for speedy termination of thewar and that delay on their partwould interfere with the prosecution of the war.As a matter of fact, the ExemptionBoards will not be embarrassed assome of them anticipated Ty the necessity of passing on claims for exemption; because their discretion islimited, and, as understood here, thexemptions come after the draft,which will be embarrassing to theapplicants more than to the Boardso embarrassing that, it is believed, a great many will be ashamed topush claims after their names havebeen published as having been calledto the colors, particularly when theirdodging of duty for which they willhave been selected will result in.some neighbors being forced' to taketheir places.Refusals to serve on the ExemptionBoards are hindering the State- and'Federal authorities in the prosecution of their plans.3 P3 feTRAVELING LUGGAGE.Notwithstanding the great advancein price on all leather goods, byearly purchase, we are able to offerall leather suit-cases and bags at former prices.J. W. DAVIS & CO., - r 3 EaSTRICKEN WITH PARALYSISCol. Henry E. Pogue, a well-known' Maysville distiller, was stricken withparalysis at his home in that city!Wednesday. Col. Pogue's entire rightside was affected by the stroke. Heis one of the foremost distillers inthe United States, and is prominentmember of the B. P. O. Elks.iClothThe kind that will! keepthe fat man or the thinman cool and comfortable these warm summerdays. Light weight .tropicaf cloth suits, madeand trimmed to givecomfort and service tothe wearer. PalmBeaehes, Silk Suits andKool Cloth Clothes, inpinch backs, 2-buttonsacks and double-breastedcoats for the youngfellows who want theextreme style. Youcannot be comfortablethese warm days without light weight summer clothes. Coats andTrousers from$6 to $15Silk Shirts, attached ordetached collars. LowCut Oxford Shoes in tannnH hlnp.k. Liorht weiffht:PJ) Summer Underwear.REPORT OE HAMILTON EUNDCOMMISSIONERS.At the meeting of the BourbonFiscal Court held at the court housyesterday morning,the Hamilton."To the Honorable Judge'and Members of the Bourbon Fiscal Court:"We, the Hamilton Fund Commissioners, are ready to submit our report. During the past year we havassisted thirty-six young ladies.Some of them have finished schooland two or three did not apply again.On the whole, the beneficiaries havedone good work. Some few who didnot come up to our expectations havebeen warned that it they show noimprovement their names will bedropped from the list next year.Owing to the fact that the FiscalCourt has been unable to lend out allthe money all the time we have considerably less to distribute this time.We regret this very much, as we areobliged to disappoint sixteen oreighteen of the young ladies on thewaiting list. After carefully consid-ering each name on the list, which ismade up of needy and worthy girls,we have selected two, whose name1we feel warranted in adding as newbeneficiaries,"Assuring you that we have discharged our duties as Commissionersto the best of our ability, we are"Respectully,"MRS. J. J. CONNELL,"MRS. R. B. HUTCHCRAFT"MRS. W. D. McINTYRE,"Commissioners."The report embodied the followinglist of old beneficiaries with the sumsalloted themr also the two new beneficiaries: OLD BENEFICIARIES.Virginia Bell,. Midway OrphanSchool $100Mattie McClure; Midway GradedSchool 100Alieen Neal, Midway GradedSchool -.,,Isabelle Merrimee, State Normal Elizabeth Hudnall, State Normal Maude Taylor, State Normal. . .Elvira Smith, Hamilton CollegeSadie Montgomery, North Middletown CollegeLucile, Godman, Business College ,May L. Bruce, MilTersburg College Katie Robinson, UillersourgCollege -Rutiy Prather; MilTersbTirg College Lena Cooke, MillersBurg- GradedSchoolRuby Elder, Paris High SchoolEleanor Lytle, Paris HighSchool .... vGeraldine Herrin, Paris HighSchool ,7575753075605050505040403535Sallle M. BantaLittle Rock'Graded SchoorEdna Shapp, Paris- City School .Favola Dundon, Paris CitySchoolKuby Monsonr Paris CitySchoolZuma Stone,. Paris City School .Mary Connelley, Paris CitySchoolEdith Culbertson, Paris CitySchoolLucile Hall, Paris City School.Mary Smith, Paris City School.Florence Hedges, Mrs. Sutherland's School352525252525252525252525r, Agnes Walsh, Parocial School.NEW BENEFICIARIESHazel Beatty, Paris City SchoolGladys Johnson, North Middle-town College i 2tTTotal ?1,2T5:is ?a"HIKE AROUND THE WOELD."A "Hike Around The World," istired pilgrims will be served with retertainment to be given by the GirlsMissionary Society of the Paris Methodist church, next Tuesday, July 10.The "hike" has been substituted forthe regular program for the monthlymeeting of the Society.All the members of the Society arerequested to first meet at the home ofMr. and Mrs. Henry A. Power onSouth Main street at nine o'clock onthe morning of the tenth. This willbe known as the starting point of the"hike" and given as "China" on theschedule. The following route willthen be followed:"Korea," Mrs. Grant Galloway's residence, Ford Mill pike; "Africa,Mrs. Rebecca Rudisill's residence.South High street; "Brazil," MissOlivia Orr's home, on Cypress street;"Cuba," Mrs. W. O. Sadler's home,on Houston avenue; "Home Missions," Mrs. Albert A. Pogue's residence on Second street.A specially prepared program willbe rendered at each stopping placeon the journey and the tourists andtired pilgrims will be served with refreshments by the station agents.The trip is planned so as to coverthe entire day. It will be an all-daylighttrip, with plenty of time allowed to view the scenery along theroute.GLORIOITS FOURTH IN ENGLANDAND PRANCE,Alf France celebrated the Fourth,of July. Paris turned out a crowdthat no American city ever surpassedfor" sizev enthusiasm and profusion ofStars and Stripes.A battalion of the first Americanexpeditionary force about to leavefor training behind the battle fronthad its first official review in Franceand was the center of the celebration:, iEverywhere the American flag wasflying from public buildings, hotelsand residences and from automobiles,cabs and carts; horses' bridles andthe lapels of" pedestrians carriedthem:.Never before has the British pressdevoted so much space to America'3Independence Day as on the presentanniversary. The London 'eveningpapers seized' the- occasion to printnews stories, editorials and cartoonsall of which carry the note of "HandsAcross the Sea."'The historic significance of theday was freely mentioned, but farfrom expressing acrimony, the wri-ters all' adopted' the" attitude- similarto that displayed in an article in theWestminister Gazette; which said:"To-day America becomes Englishand England' becomes America, andwe are foregtting a little of ouiphlegm in paying" tribute to the-fact.'"The Evening News published ahuge cartoon of Uncle Sam and JohnBull in army uniform marching armin arm to war. John Bull remarkto Under Sam, with a smile: "Today's the day you left me, Sam.vtherday that made you free." UncleSam beams on his companion and replies: "Yes, John, free to. comeback."The news articles were headedwith such captions as "Old Glory:London Makes a Flag" Day of JulyFourth."The Fourth in London developedinto a rainy day and' the myriad newAmerican flags which were downthroughout the city came in for a.drenching."A SEVENTEEN -YEAR -OLD BOYWORKS GIGANTIC SWINDLE.Through the use of a scheme, said 'to have been evolved hy Dave Prince,a 17-year-old boy, of Catlettsburg,jobbers and manufacturers throughout the United States are alleged tohave been defrauded of approximate- -ly$100,000, by a band of Magoffincounty mountaineers, the first Dfwhom was placed on trial in theUnited States court for the Easterndistrict of Kentucky, Tuesday, on acharge of using- the- mails- to defraud.It is charged that members of theband offered merchandise in thename of fictitious concerns, givingas reference the State Bank ofBrownlow. Manufacturers -or jobbers, in answer to an inquiry, wouldreceive a reply on handsomely engraved stationery In which the StateBank vouched for the financial responsibility of the concern orderingthe merchandise.When efforts- at collection on sales -andinvestigations were made, notrace of the "State Bank of Brownlow" could be found. Henry K.Slone, the first of the defendantsplaced on trial, is said to have aidedin obtaining- several hundred bottle3of "bitters"" from a patent medicineconcern.It is estimated three of four,months will be consumed in the trialof all those under indictment in connection with the case. One indict- ".ment names forty-eight individualsand another names twelve. Twentyseven of those named are also underindictment individually.ts ISKENTUCKY SOLDIERS TO BE SELECTED IN WASHINGTON.Selection of men for the nationalwar army will be made in Washington. Secretary Baker has let thisbecome known, although the exactnature of the selection process willremain a secret until the local anddistrict exemption boards have-completedtheir organization, probablyabout July 10. It is generally undertood there will be some form ofdrawing from the millions of registration cards. Men whose names aredrawn will be summoned to appearbefore the exemption boards in their-'communities.i?5i iei nDIVORCE DEGREE GRANTEDAt the recent term of the BourbonCircuit Court a decree was handed,down by Judge Robert L. Stout,granting a divorce to Mrs. Rhoda. 'Blount from her husband, EdwardBlount, formerly of Paris. She w3also given the custody of their daughter, Mary Elizabeth Blount. Th divorce was granted on the proof ofcruel and inhuman treatment. Mrs.Blount has been a patient at the Hassle Memorial Hospital, in this city forsome time, where she has .unerfoibtwo surgical operations."iK'h-.4 VJVhou.r hS-J1PAGE TWOTHE BOURBON NEWS, PARIS, KY.FRIDAY, JULY , 1S17.:irlithliC1nftPm.iii-rtHinmtUfSIH5iff.jj.'MiiJThe Bourbon News-rtiblished 188135 Year of Con-tlnuous Publication.bllshed Every Tuesday and Friday.r Year... $2.00 Six Months... $1.00Payable in Advance.SWIFT CrIAMP, Editor and Owner.Any erroneous reflection upon theh&racter, standing or reputation ofaayLperson, firm or corporation which,may appear in the columns of THEBOURBON NEWS will be gladly corrected if brought to attention of theeditor.ADVERTISING RATESDisplay Advertisements, $1.00 perInch for first time; 50 cents per incheach' subsequent insertion.Reading Notices, 10 cents per lineeach issue; reading notices in blacktype, 20 cents per line, each issue.Cards of thanks, calls on candidates, obituaries and resolutions, andimilar matter, 10 cents per line.Special rates for large advertisements and yearly contracts.The right of publisher is reservedto decline any advertisement or othermatter for publication.Announcements for political officesmust invariably be accompanied bythe cash.00JCKl)TTO"RTAT. TVTTTSrKTfJS- WMAAOAM. -Signed Newspaper Articles.Some attention has recently beenexcited by a proposal made by Wm.J. -Bryan, to the effect that everynewspaper article should be signedby the reporter or editor who wroteit. This idea has 'often been proposed by people who had grievancesagainst the newspapers.Manifestly the purpose of such acustom would be principally to identify the individual who wrote articles offering some criticism or making some damaging statements.This would muzzle the average newspaper writer. Where the writer hasto spend his time quarreling withpeople over every little phrase in hiswork, the temptation is strong towrite colorless and milk-and-waterstuff.The great majority of reportersand other newspaper writers are hontes oung fellows who do their bestytc present things fairly, if the reporter's news story is damaging, it Isvi-ually because the truth hurts. Ifthe editor's comment is false, it reacts on the newspaper that prints it.Too many things are hushed up.If rhe truth was sure to come outpeople would be more cautious abouttheir acts. Young men runningdown rumors and printing the truthas nearly as they can learn it, perform a useful service.They should be given all possibleprotection so long as they are honest. .If they print false statementsthat are damaging, they lose their.positions, which is ample check onincL&cretions.There are other practical objections to signed newspaper articles,hut the one named above will alwaysho sufficient reason against them.In the case of the smaller newspapers, it is usually pretty well knownwho -writes what, so that the individual writer has already lost muchof the freedom that goes with theanonymous work of the large newspaper. The example set by Judge Januaryin the case of Frank Parker oughttc.be strong enough to convince anyothers as trifling that Paris is goingto make it as hot for the slacker' asthat place where Billy Sunday saidit was hot enough to singe an asbestos cat.- jThe Problem of Mosquito Control."Efforts are reported all over the'Vuited States this spring to exter--minate mosquitos. California peopleestimate that doctors' bills can be-cut down 50 per cent, by killingthese germ carriers. This may be-putting mosquito's misdeeds ratherhigh. For in many sections the timeTrhen the mosquito is most active isv healthiest part of the year. But ab-fcence of mosquitos is a positive-saet to any community.The idea frequently prevails that ifneighborhood has a high and dry?0ca.tion, yet has the "skeeter," thatthey must come from a long distance,and that it can't be helped. But thescientists say that in most cases thebugs breed quite near the homesthafthey infest. Thus the problemis largely one for the individualhouseholder.Mosquitos breed freely in suchplaces as buckets kept for fire purpoeee, pans used for poultry, hogs-Jtmds, tamks kept for flushing pur-pocee, water pitchers in umtiee uesteK Ml y 1 3jldrooms, mud puddles, hoof prints thatfill with water, etc. They havebeen found even in urns used forholy water in churches.Real estate men find that a neighborhood infested by mosquitos suffersin public estimation. Sitting on theporch is the typical American manner of spending summer evenings.There the family gathers, and company is entertained. J.t people aredriven inside a stuffy house by theattentions of the mosquitos, much ofthe pleasure of the summer eveningis gone. The men may not inquireif there are mosquitos when they askthe real estate man about a house.But they are apt to find that the wifewants to know about it.Killing mosquitos does not seem tobe very expensive. It simply needsthe draining of low spots in or neara town, and a persistent search bythe householder for concealed breeding places about his premises.fcs PaTHE PUBLIC HEALTH NURSE.The trained nurse is recognized asone of the greatest institutions ofthe age. Her work is second only tothe doctor's and in some diseases isas important as his. Generally sheis the most consecrated of God's creatures, who lets no personal comfortor desires and between her and thoseto whom she administers. Hers is alife of sacrifice to duty performedwith cheerfulness, because she knowthat it helps to minimize human misery and restore the sick to healthand vigor. Her sympathetic manneris assuring to the patient and theneatness of her person imparts a lesson of cleanliness while her verypresence is a stimulus to good moralsand good economics. In the publichealth work she has proved her indispensability. Formerly the medicalprofession contented itself with curing disease. Now its greater effortsTire directed to prevention and in theeffort the public health nurse is itsgreatest aid in promoting hygenicprinciples and inculcating the importance of pure water, pure air, sanitation, ventilation, proper housing andgeneral cleanliness.In those communities that haveiPnhlio. TTpn.lt h nnrl WplfnrP T-pap-hpq" - .-.v . , v,..v.. vs -.voi..and employ public health nurses theyhave shown their worth and piovedthe best investment that could bemade in visiting homes where com-municable diseases exist to limit theirspread, making school inspectionsfor defective sight and other deficiencies and impressing by educationaltalks the importance of observingcertain laws of health without whichdisease, death and sorrow will prevail. Every county should have oneor more of these angels of mercy,whose labor of love adds to humancomfort and the public welfareWhere there is the desire and thefinancial aid necessary to organize aPublic Health League,' Dr. W. L.Heizer, Secretary of the State Tuberculosis Commission, will send one ofthe Commissions's organizing nursesfor two to four weeks to demonstrate the value of the work and theproper method of procedure if communicated with at his office in Frankfort. Ea m ISBOURBON FARMING CONDITIONSIdeal weather conditions prevaliedlast week for the growth and maturing of crops and gardens. The hotsunshine was just what was neededfor the corn and the splendid lain ofThursday evening was an addedblessing. Gardens and crops of allkinds responded gratefully for thegifts of sun and shower and the landis literally smiling with bloom andfood.A splendid opportunity was givento complete the. harvesting of thegrass seed crop, which is of excellent quality, though short in quantity. The curing of the crops is nowin progress, and with "favorableweather will be finished.Dealers are paying $1.50 a bushelfor seed and the prospects are goodfor a slight increase in the price.Youns tobacco plants are lookingfine. A large percentage of the crophas been set out and the acreage willbe fully as large as that of last year.Corn is also looking well and it,as well as wheat, has improved fiftyper cent, under the beneficial influence of sunshine and rain.The potato crop In this county isthe largest and best known here inmany years. Most farmers andgardeners and also city people,heeded the national appeal for greater food production, and plantedlarge quantities of potatoes, whichnow promise a banner yield. Thepotato crop at the community garden of four acres in the edge of Paris,is a fine one.E3 S3 feNEW TELEPHONE; RECEIVER.If you want to use both handswhile you telephone, or if you haveto wait for long periods holding thoreceiver at your ear, you are one ofthose whom a newly patented device "is intended to "benefit. This apparatus consists of a rubber stand,a tube with two branches and abutton on the end of each branchwhich can be slipped into the ear.The telephone receiver can be usedin the ordinary way if desired; tomake use of the supplementary device it is only necessary to standthe receiver face down on the rubber stand and slip the buttons intothe ears. This saves the listener jthe necessity of holding the receiver,frees his hands, and by stopping.bvoth ears Is said to make easier atelephone conversation in a noisyroom. I"POWER OFNAVTLies in Men Who Feed HungryMouths in Engine Room.Deep in Cavernous Recesses of GreatHulls Firemen Bend Backs ThatTraditions of Nation MayBe Upheld."The power of the navy is in me."Big Jack Dempsey, fireman recruit,thus unburdened himself as he satwith legs dangling on the turret of abig United States battleship.Around him seethed the preparationfor war. From the huge navy yardshops arose the din and clamor of amighty force rushing the final work toplace in readiness the big steel fighting machines which are to play an important part in upholding the honor ofour nation. On the parade ground adjacent, a couple of hundred bluejackets were running a quarter mile oval,hardening up for their work ahead,writes a New York correspondent.Something of the inspiration of thisvitally energetic scene glistened in hiseyes, as he swept his pipe stem in ashort semi-circle before him to emphasize the night of which he wasmaster.Huge of frame, horny of hand isDempsey. It was only two days agothat he drifted into the navy recruiting office to offer himself to his country. "Whether it's sailorin' or soldierin'. Itold 'em at the recruiting office,1 it's thesame to me so long as I can serve mecountry. Anyways, that a man canserve and do his duty In a time likethis is the best way.'"So I enlisted as a fireman, thegreatest branch of the service of theUnited States navy."When a man has put in a few yearson the job, there is somethin' aboutthe firebox of a engine that pulls youto it, once you have fed the big, hungry mouths that are always open androarin'.".Every man in his task, says I, andI'm a fireman by inclination and forceof habit. And it is me duty to playfireman for Uncle Sam when he needsme above all others."Once I stoked on a tramp steamer,and it was there I learned the powerof me callin'."We wuz down where the heathensand the fever wuz thick as mud, andwhen the sickness took hold of the officers and crew until they wuz only ahandful of us left to navigate the craft.What with the fever raging we had apowerful time. One afther another theboys below down with sickness, and itwas then the real trouble began."It wuz the captain himself whocame down to talk to us. 'Boys,' hesaid, T kin get along without me officers, but for the love of heaven, meship will perish if me firemen desertme in this, me hour of need.'"That is why I say the power of thenavy is in me. When the coal stopsthe battleships stop, and the enemycan take yer at his own time."Across the slip between the big shipand the next door the sailor drill hadspread out into an open door exercise.They were the "men behind the guns,"an integral part of the great fightingmechanism which is soon to spread itsinfluence world-wide in the mightyconflict facing this nation. I lookedsideways at the man beside me, whorepresented the silent working forceof the American battleships, but hisiaze was lifted above the immediateanimation of moving units. It restedin the smoke-clouds coming from thehuge stack of an adjoning vessel."The boys hev started work ferUncle Sam," he observed, with a touchof pride. And I knew that down inthe cavernous recesses of that graysteel hull, other representatives of the"power of the navy" were bendingtheir backs to the end that the traditions of the American navy might beupheld and the honor of the flag maintained upon the seas.The Good of Life.It is essential for the communityand state that each citizen should bebrought up to fully understand thathis one duty towards himself andothers is to make the most out ofthis life, to develop in himself thepossibilities nature has given him,and be as happy as possible. In thisway he contributes most to the happiness of others. Let it be fully understood that melancholy and pessimism, though possibly attractive, aresins if they lead to inactivity as serious as any. sin in the world. Theyhave to be avoided by strict self-control.Life is in itself rich, beautifuland full of possibilities. Let theyoung man learn to see that, and notpine for what is not. It should be always remembered that it is not tbteviews that a man holds or the dogmashe believes in that are of importance ;it is his acts. Fridtjof Nansen.Diphthongs.Diphthongs were not deliberately devised any more than English spellingwas deliberately invented. They havenot disappeared from general use except in a few instances. In a "properdiphthong" the sounds of both vowelsare retained, though merged in onesyllable as in "noise." An ''improperdiphthong" is one in which the soundof only one of the vowels is heard."Eo" in "people" is an illustration.Such changes as have been made indiphthongs have aimed at keeping thevowel sounded"; that is why some prefer to write "maneuver" in place of"manoeuvre." Then there is the simplified speller's' favorite "thru."FiveTires"WiiMlllilH1 W'MaKW9fcWltiWWm VWt&Mm IIn All the Sterling Worth and I!..... Ew'W'TiW? MVMXSv that Make United State Tires Sun-entvv 'ft' Vt i' -' it'&P VCWSCA Complete Stock of United States Tires Carried ByMILLERSBURG GARAGE, Millersburg, Ky.GOOD ROADS A PERSONAL RESPONSIBILITY. Perhaps no other feature of civicreform or improvement of recentyears has attracted so much attention as has that of road building.All over our broad land, from oceanto ocean, from the lakes to the gulf,the wave of enthusiasm is rolling.V . "''"- "V - "& wu mW jmust have better roads, and the machinery of government in its taxingcapacity is being ever more andmore strained to meet this demand.But while theie is a certain re-sponfaibility resting upon the Statein the maintenance of our highways,we are in danger of forgetting thatan even greater lesponsibility restsupon us, individually, as citizens.The reason why e sometimes Iospsight of this responsibility is that wp'Americans have gotten into the habitof working out all such mattersthrough the medium of taxation. Ifwe want a new road opened, we levya tax. If we want an old road macadamized, we tax some more. Is abridge to be built? We impose another tax. We tax and we keep ontaxing, and this regardless of thefact that we all know that the hardest money to give up is that which ispaid in taxes. Many a man willcome to town and spend in a dayenough to pay his yearly taxes andthink nothing of it. But he willsweat drops of blood, as it were,when the tax gatherer rounds himup,We depend too much upon taxes.We should depend more upon individual and personal effort. A livelyneighborhood interest in good roadis worth all of the taxes you canwring from unwilling pocketbooks.A determination by a united citizenship of the counry that their roadsshall excel is worth more than all ofthe road commissioners in existence.Road commissioners work througndevious ways to reach their object.The united sentiment of a peopleworks direct to the object. It determines what is wanted and thentakes the most direct route to aqfln.plish its ends.Do you favor better roads in thiScommunity? Then go to work aflUarouse a healthy community sentiment that will demand them. Whenthat is accomplished good roads willbe the result. """And, just a few words more. Realize your own responsibility. Say toyourself, "the roads of this community belong partly tc me, and I owe aduty to them." Don't depend upona benevolent gogernment, National,State, county, or township, butshoulder your own responsibility.Then you will be in a fair way to getyour neighbor to do likewise.Try it!fca fe )sCAUSE OF DESPONDENCY.Despondency is often caused byindigestion and constipation, andquickly disappears when Chamberlains Tablets are taken. These tablets strengthen the digestion and Jmove the bowels.(advEQZ2JLower TireThan Ever-For, in the old days, tires not only cost motorists more pertire, but were also so far inferior to the present product, thatthe final cost the cost per mile was from 50 to 100 or moreper cent, higher than you pay now.United States Tires the 'Royal Cord",'Chain', the 'Usco' and the 'Plain',theone for every need of price and use,produced by the largest rubber manufacturer in the world,produced by the most experienced tire manufacturer in theworld,produced by a time-tried, exclusive, patented, vulcanizing'process,produced of only the most carefully selected materials,have so far eclipsed every other make of tire thatUntied States Tires are famous for their mileage-givingqualities their low cost per mile.The proof? the consistent and persistent tremendous sales increases of United States Tires.United States TiresAre Good TiresA Tire for Every Need of Price and'Royal Cord' 'Nobby' 'Chain' 'Usco'United States TUBES and TIRE ACCESSO-"ear"erneEconomyIs WealthEconomy and banking gohand in hand.The bank is the goal of theman who economizes.This country is waking up tothe value of economy. It throwsback the charge that it is aspendthrift nation.You cannot economize unless you bank your surplus.See us about your banking.Farmers' & Traders' BankP. P. RISER, PresidentWM. GRIMESSixth and MainSEES VICTORY POR THE AEROPLANES. The plan suggested by Rear Admiral Fiske, retired, to destroy theGerman fleet at its bases by torpedoplanes, has been approved bythe Aero Club. Admiral Fiske declares that the torpedo planes arethe most mobile and powerful ofwar agents and with them the Allieswould have control of the North Sea,even to the shallow waters along theGerman coast, and German submarines would be prevented leaving theGerman ports.DR.WM. KENNEY .Eye, Ear, Nose and Throat.ROOMS 403-404.FIRST NAT'L BANK BUILDING.PHONE 136.WM. GRAN NANAtUrney-at-LawROOMS 401-402.FIRST NAT'L 1ANK. BUILDINGProfessional Cards.R&UmjiCostNOW'Nobby9, themwsezaUse'Plain'W. W. MITCHELL, CashieaBookkeeper.Streets Paris, KyProtectYour EyesFrom the heat and dust with;our Goggles and Shades!.We have a complete assortment. Don't triflewith your eyesight. Itis the most valuablegift of nature. For nrstclass service, see usBWe Fit WhereOthers FailFRYE & FRANKLINDOCTORS OF OPTOMITIIYDvwBMf'KsWrBWMmMM wnwoJ 'I.Vy t .-n-K-FRIDAY, JULY 6, 1917.THE BGURBON NEWS, PARIS, KI,PAGE THWniANNOUNCEMENTSWe are authorized to announce thagopd Democrats below as candidiatesat the Democratic primary on August4-, 1917, to fill the oflices to whichthey aspire: iFOR STATE SENATORLEE WAINSCOTT,Clark County.GEORGE HON,Clark County.ABRAM RENICK,Clark County.FOR REPRESENTATIVE.C. M THOMASFOR SHERIFF.WILL G. McCLINTOCK,Doc Marshall and Bob Gilkey asdeputies.L. A. SOPER,D. E. Clarke and L. C. Ashcraftas deputies.WithFOR COUNTY JUDGE.GEORGE BATTERTONc. a. McMillan.FOR COUNTY ATTORNEYDAVID D. CLINE.WM. GRANNAN.COUNTY SUPERINTENDENT OFSCHOOL8TJ. B. CAYWOOp.MISS MABEL ROBBINS.FOR JAILERGEO. W. JUDYTHOS. TAUL,JOHN H. DOTY,WALKER RISER,C. T. MASTERSON,W. O. BUTLER,JOHN W. KING,J. W. HART.FOR ASSESSORWALTER CLARK,tJParls, with Jno. J. Redmon, of NorthKiddletown, as deputy.GEO. D. SPEAKES,l Paris, with Lee R. Craven, of LittleRsek, at Deputy.POR MAGISTRATE.W. J. McWHORTERCenterville Precinct.JOHN S. WIGGINSHutchison Precinct.FOR MAYORW. O. HINTONE. B. JANUARYFOR POLICE JUDGECLAUDE F. REDMON,J. W. BROWN,P. A. THOMPSON,HARRY L. MITCHELL.ERNEST MARTINFOR CHIEF OF POLICE.JAMES H. MORELAND.W. FRED LINK.POR COUNCILMAN.ITRST WARD.T. J. KISER.JOHN CHRISTMANJOHN MERRINGERW. T. BROOKS .SECONDTARD.S. K. NICHOLS,J. J. VEACHJOHN ARKLE.THIRD WARDGEO. DOYLEYou Don't Have toStoopIf You Use aGarlandCabinetRangeA'bMutlfuI line of Garlands on dlsfclay. Comt In and look thtm vsr.Paris Gas & Electric Co.(Incorporated)CAflALBROS.IAMER SHOP.Prampt5 And Cawtaaua Attontltn Un jam oold BirasrSjj SJ1 SSSSSSSSSSSBBKoBjMSM'JBMffiw'1"1 jAD-The price of canning machines hasadvanced from $5.00 to $6.50, and itis extremely difficult to secure themat that price. A notice from thecompany at Meridian, Conn., statesthat, on account of lack of transportation, orders can not be filled in lessthan three weeks, so all persons desiring canners in time for this seasonshould send in their checks immediately. The canners contain stove bars,lifting trays, tongs, scalding basket,capping steels, tipping iron and bookof instructions. For home-made outfits of zinc tub and ordinary basketsfor scalding, irons at 65 cents canbe obtained. The first carload ofcans has been sold, but the secondshipment from the National CanCompany, Baltimore, will be madethis week. Miss Mary Fithian Hutchcraft is the County Agent for theCanning Clubs.jg 5 lagBOURBON MEN AS JUDGES ATBLUE GRASS PAIR.Secretary Denny B. Goode, hasmade the announcements of judgeswho will officiate at the comingmeeting of the Bluegrass Fair, to beheld in Lexington the week ofAugust 6. Among those who willofficiate in that capacity in the horsedepartment are the following fromBourbon:Department B.. Breeding classesfor standard bred horses, J. MillerWard.Department F. Roadsters J.Miller Ward.Department K. Classes for jacksand jennets J. R. Long, Millersburg.Department C. Breeding classesfor American saddle horses JohnJ. Redmon, North Middletown.1E3 ?3 ?53HORSE TRADE CRIPPLED BY INSPECTION SUSPENSIONHorse trade has been crippled allover the United States by the suspension of the French inspection.The suspension, which is attribtuedsolely to the lack of ocean transportation, caught the horse collectorswith a large lot of horses on theirhands, and the losses which have resulted have been very serious. TheEnglish are still buying at a fewpoints, but a danger signal has beenhoisted since the French tradershave no assurance that they willhave a market for what they havegathered.J5 iGi IBSKENTUCKY GUARD MAY MOBILIZE IN ALABAMA.Anniston, Ala., is being consideredas the mobilization point of the National Guard of Kentucky andIndiana. It is understood that theWar Department has gone so far asto decide tentatively upon the Alabama city, but an examination bymedical officers is holding the finaldecision in abeyance. If Anniston isselected it will mean a familiartraining camp for most of theveterans of the Kentucky NationalGuard, as Federal maneuvers inwhich the Kentuckians took part wereheld there about six years ago.fe feTERRUIC BATTLE .FOUR .MILESIN THE AIR.In an air duel fought at probablythe highest altitude at which aviators have met in combat nearly fourmiles a Canadian ,triplane pursuedand defeated a German two-seatedaviatik.The German machine has soughtsafety by climbing upward and theairplane pursued. At a height of20,000 feet the pilot of the Germancraft 'either fell or jumped from itand disappeared at the moment ofthe first burst of fire from the gunon the Canadian. The German observer was then seen to climb outupon the tail of his machine, wherehe lost his hold and plunged headlong. THe aviatik turned his nosedown and fell.IS IS ISSHOOTING ZEPPELINS.In the last raid over England oneof Germany's big Zeppelins with thecommander of the raiding forceaboard was brought down in flamesby an English aviator, with a loss ofall on board. In fighting the Zeppelin from aeroplanes, incendiary bullets are used. One such bullet penetrating the thin envelope of the airship sets fire to the contained gasand converts the whole huge structure into a mass of flame. So effective have the methods of fightingZeDnelins proved that Germany is apparently abandoning this class of flying machine for the aeroplane.153 153 3LIBERTY LOAN BUYERS.The oldest purchaser of a LibertyLoan Bond is Mrs. Louisa K. Theirs,of Milwaukee, Wis., who Is 102 yearsof age and a real daughter of theRpvnintion. her father having servedin the Continental Army which wonour independence.The youngest subscriber to a Liberty Loan Bond is Miss FlorenceEstelle Rogers, of Medford, Mass.,whose father purchased, .her a Bonawhen she was 8 hours old..The purchaser of a Liberty LoanBond with the longest name wasMr. Gust J. Papatheodorokonmoundefgistomicbalakopulos, of Chicago.Notni'na looks, as good alongsidela "Cjp Bleas OurHome' motto as aneatly-framed Liberty &ena.CANNING-MACHINES HAVEVANCED IN PRICE.SOCIAL AND PERSONAL.Comings and Goings of OurPeopie Here, There andElsewhere.Mrs. Alex Tingle is convalescingfrom a severe illness.Mrs. Ed T. Hinton has returnedfrom a visit at Martinsville, Ind.Miss Margaret Willis is a guest ofMiss Louise Kohlas in Winchester.Mr. Rudolph Davis was a business visitor in Cincinnati, Wednesday. ,Miss Frances Hancock has returned from a visit to Miss ElizabethJohnson' in Frankfort.Miss Anita Haggard, of Covingtonis the guest of Mrs. Alex Tringle, ather home on Fifteenth St.Dr. Robt. Shea has returned fromWinchester where he has been at thesick bedside of his mother.Mr. M. F. Cranshaw has returned to his home in Louisville after avisit to friends in this city.Rev. Frank M. Tinder and son,Mr. Frank M. Tinder, Jr., of Lancaster,, were guests of Paris friends Tuesday. Mr. Phil Nippert went to Cincinnati, Tuesday, to see Mr. Geo. W.Nippert, who is ill with Bright's disease. Mrs. Elizabeth Clay and Mrs. Birdie Webb have returned from a visitto Miss Fannie Shropshire, in Georgetown. Mrs. F.E. Faulconer is visitingMr. and Mrs. George Faulconer andMr. "and Mrs. Frank Stewart, inAshland.Mrs. Clemmie Gardner, of Troy,Missouri, is a guest of Mr. and Mrs.A. O. Robertson, on the Maysvillepike, near Paris.Mrs. Fithian Faries has returned to her home in Maysville, after avisit to Dr. and Mrs. Frank M.Faries, in this city.Mrs. W. R. Hughes and daughter, Miss Hattie Hughes, were guestsseveral days this week of Mrs. W. H.Duncan, in Covington.Mr. and Mrs. Edward Simmsand daughter, Miss Bessie, of Houston, Texas, are guests of Miss LucySimms, on Second street.Mr. J. J. Dennison has returnedto his home in Winchester, after avisit to his son, Mr. A. B. Dennison,and family, on Railroad street.Mr. and Mrs. F. J. Williams andMisses Elizabeth and Mary Williams,of New Albany, Ind., were gueststhis week of Mr. and Mrs. RudolphDavis.Mr. and Mrs. Thos. Kennedy andson, T. J. Jr., of Richmond, are guestsof Mrs. Konnedy's parents, Mr. andMrs. J. Hooker Stivers, on Cypressstreet.Dr. and Mrs. H. E. Foster havereturned from a visit to relatives inOwenton, Ky. While there they attended the wedding of Dr. Foster'ssister, Miss Mabel Foster.Mr. and Mrs. E. L. Wortningtonand daughter, Miss Leslie. Worthington, of Maysville, ,are guests of Mr.and Mrs. E. P. Claybrook, and Mr.and Mrs. Rqbert Meteer, near Hutchison. Mrs. James Batterton and children, of Shelby ville, Ind., were guestsof relatives in this city this week.They are en route to Atlanta, Ga.,where Mr. Batterton has secured agood position.On account of the Chautauquameeting the session of the O. K. Club,which was scheduled to be held atthe home of Miss Ruby Houston,Wednesday afternoon, was postponeduntil next week.Mrs. J. O. Marshall and son, Billie Marshall, of Paris, . and theirguest, Miss Margaret White, of Louisville have returned from a visit ofseveral days to Mrs. M. E. Lydick andMrs. J. J. Curie, in Cynthiana.Miss Edith Stivers, has returnedfrom Newport, where she has beenteaching in the High School, to spendthe summer vacation with her parents, Mr. and Mrs. J. H. Stivers, attheir home on Cypress street, in thiscity.Mr. H. C. Curtis received a telegram Wednesday from his son, Sergt.Earl Curtis, at Ft. Crockett, nearGalveston, Texas, stating that he hadasked for a furlough in order to visithome. Sergt. Curtis, who is withCo. I., 3d Texas Infantry, stationedat Galveston, has been in the military hospital at Ft. Crockett forseveral weeks, suffering from muscular rheumatism.Mr. Edward Eals, who has beena guest of his uncle, Mr. FrankRemington, in this city, for severaldays, left Tuesday for Illinois, wherehe will visit his brothers, Clarenceand Frazier Eals. Mr. Frazier Ealswill leave in a few days for France,where he will become a member ofthe Ambulance Corps in the Frencharmy.Mr. and Mrs. J. H. Neal havemoved from Paris to Nicholasville.Mr. Neal has been connected withthe Cumberland Telephone Co. inParis for several years, and was veryhighly esteemed by .Manager Floydand the attaches of the company.Mr. Neal has been promoted to theposition of manager of the Nicholasville exchange, in which he is sureto make good.Central Kentucky boys who areat the training camp, Ft. Benj. Harrison, in Iindiana, liaye receivedmany social attentions lately. One ofthe most enjoyable was a dance andsupper given recently in honor 'ofthe Kentucky boys. Among, the.guests were Mr. Roy Ogden, of,Paris;, Preston, Parker, of Maysville;Wm. Fant, of Flemingsburg; JohnD. Keith, ' of Maysville.(Other Personal on Page 5.)IMPORTANT NOTICE TO CANNINGCLUB GIRLS.Twenty-five beautiful and usefulprizes will be offered to the canningclub girls of Bourbon county for 'exhibit jars of vegetables and fruits,preserves, pickles and jellies.Show products should be put up insingle packages or in various combinations, and the containers usedshould be Hazel Atlas of Queen jars,or any other container with glass topand clamps.Following is a list of products forwhich prizes will be offered, and sizeof the container to be used:Pints Asparagus; beans; Limabeans; beets; corn; cucumber slices;okra! okra and carrots; rheubarb;pickles; marmalade.Quarts Beans; wax beans; carrots (whole) ; carrots (sliced) ; cornon the ear; rhubarb; sweet potatoes;tomatoes; soup mixture.Quarts Blackberries; apples;cherries; pears; peaches.5042-a 12-oz jar canned raspberries; canned gooseberries; cannedpeaches; strawberry preserves; watermelon preserves; green 'tomatopickles; Dixie relish; marmalade.First year girls are all expected toshow a quart jar of canned whole tomatoes and soup mixture. The second year girls are expected to showtomatoes and beans. For suitablecontainers or further information apply to Miss Mary Fithian Hutchcraft, County Agent for CanningClubs. ,.fea Sa EaCATARRHAL DEAFNESS CANNOTBE CURED'"by local applications, as they cannotreach the diseased portion of the ear.There is only one way to cure catarrhal deafness, and that is by constitutional remedy. Catarrhal deafness is caused by an inflamed condition of the mucous lining of theEustachian Tube. When the tube isinflamed you have a rumbling soundor imperfect hearing, and when it isentirely closed, deafness is the result.Unless the inflammation can bereduced and this tube restored to itsnormal condition, hearing will bedestroyed forever. Many cases ofdeafness are caused by catarrh, whichis an inflamed condition of the mucous surfaces. Hall's Catarrh. Medicine acts through the blood on themucous surfaces of the system.We give One Hundred Dollars forany case of Catarrhal Deafness thatcannot be cured by Hall's CatarrhMedicine. Circulars free. All Druggists, 75c.F. J. CHENEY & CO.,Toledo, Ohio.The man hired to run an automobile is called a chauffeur by the manwho employes him, -but that isn'twhat we've heard him called as hetravels Bourbon county roads at therate of forty miles an hour.For Rent.Nice 4-room flat with water, gas andelectric lights, over Cahal's BarberShop. Most convenient location inParis. Apply to(tf) CAHAL BROS.For Sale.Several used . automobiles. Thesecars are all in, good condition and canbe bought right for cash.DICKERSON & DOUGLAS GARAGE.(3-tf)Wool Wanted.We are' in the market for your woolGet your sacks at the IndependentTobacco Warehouse.(1-tf) CLARK & YOUNG.FOR SALEA good 6-year-old gelding. Gooddriver, perfectly gentle, not afraid ofanything. Will stand without hitching. Can be bought at a bargain.E. M. WHEELER,(22-tf) Eighth and Main, Paris, Ky. ILaborers Wanted !White or colored. Day or nightshift; steady work; good pay. Apply toTHE JOS. JOSEPH & BRO. CO.,(29-4t) Cincinnati, O., Man Wanted!Very little spare time required toearn BIG PAY. Easy, pleasant work."Waiting applications, collecting renewable premiums sick, accidentinsurance.D. ADNA BROWN,106 S. Fourth St., Philadelphia, Pa.Cut The Weeds!Notice is given to all citizens ofParis io-atooncecut-any weeds thatmay be growing, on theirjBidewalks,in jtheir-yarjte; or, fnywhere about.their -premises.- ,vBy&qrdcr of '.the?Boar4 of; Health.A. H.'cKBLUSR,,(july3-3t) Health Officer.I..I..I....Im1.M''I'W l''M-il WTHE TRIUMPHktlMt ft TiWmirM lirafey i--uv , tdi i j ;j. .f ' i " r - v ,Tr BW7S49 Xtei73.U iJlLl.235 II.tfor JulyMcCALL PATTERNS FOR JULYNOW ON SALEHARRYA MAN AND HIS WIFEihwf'tem (ftf cp (IfLEVY, THE DRY CLEANERCumberland Phone 40 Home Phone 169 2iL. & N. TIME TABLEEffective, Sunday, June 17, 1917, 12:01 a. m.TRAINS FROM ( ARRIVALNo. ! t34 Atlanta, daily t ,--. 5:25 am25 Cynthiana, daily except Sunday . ,,... .7:35 am10 Rowland, daily except Sunday .7:36 am11 Maysville daily except Sunday,-,- X:38 am40 Lexington daily except Sunday'. . . - , .,7:40 am211 Maysville, Sunday anly 8: 00 am210 Rowland, Sunday only 8:05 am40 .Lexington, Sunday only 8:10 am37 Cincinnati, O., daily 10:05 am12 Lexington, daily 10:02 am,33 CMtago, daily18 Lexington Daily Bxcept Spnday,9 Maysville, Daily Except Sunday138 Lexington, Daily33 Knoxville, Term., Daily19 Maysville, Dally39 . .Cincinnati, Daily Except Sunday14 Lexington, Daily Except Sunday32 Jaclwaville, Fla., Daily239 Cincinnati, Sunday only31 Cincinnati, O., Daily13ft Lextacton DailyTRAINS FORNo.34 Cincinnati, waily40 Cincinnati, daily except Sunday11 Lexington, daily except Sunday10 Maysville, daily except SundayA0 Cincinnati, Sunday only13 Lexington, daily exceptSunday37 Knoxville, daily33 Jacksonville, daily218 Maysville, Sunday only129 Lexington, daily except Sunday5 umcinnau, aaiiy39 Lexington, daily except Sunday9 Rowland, Daily except Sunday14 Maysville, daily except Sunday32 Chicago, daily30 Cynthiana, daily except Sunday.214 Maysville, Sunday only v.239 Lexington, Sunday only .,209 RQwland, Sunday only19 Lexington, DailyMO. TRAINS ARRIVE FROM2 Frankfort, Ky., Daily Ex. Sunday.' 7-33 a. a4 Frankfort, Ky., Daily Ex. Sunday S:60-p. mTRAINS DEPART FOR&1 Frankfort, Ky., Daily Ex. Sunday. 3:2 au mI Frankfort. Ky., Daily Ex. Sunday. - :H 9. rrExecutor's Notice !All persons having claims againstthe estate of J. G. Allen, deceased.of Millersburg, are heieby notified topresent same, properly proven, as re-quxreu uy law, w mo uooa. .ecutor, at Millersburg, Ky.All persons knowing'themaelvea indebted to the estate of th-id J. G.Allen: deceased, will please stttlspromptly with, tka,mdsrsifnftd Bx-ecutor, .at Jfillersbur;, iT. . , -,3 SANFORD. M. ALLBN,Executor of JG. Allen, Dec Sid.(2ft-4t) -- f -W W W W 1 It 1 1 ft I ftof separateWaistsandSkirtsWith rapid strides theyhave come to front thisseason.McCALLFASHIONSFor Julyshow them in all theirnew glory and in alltheir new phasesfor sport, for service,for general use.SIMON'''I'4''fi'iil'ii-HH'4'l'1'I'i-'tt-'M'may both derive saiisfactionby having their worn and soiledgarments cleaned by us. Thecost is nominal, while 'the pleasure of wearing old clothes' thathave the appearance of new, inconjunction with the knowledgethat you are effecting a greatving, must surely satisfy you.jA phone brings ua.10:1712:003:0t3:07 pm3:15 patSf40 pat5:59 tm:lt )C:33 )m9:3ft tm10:33 jm10:23 p mLEAV- ''. .5:30 am.-7:45 km .7:47 am-7:48 am8:20 am10:25 ana'. 10:32 am,. 10:22 aim12:04 wm3:25 pmis:zo pm....5:57 pm8:00 pa$:33 pm$:3g mS:4S pm, $:3o pa.,..9:38 pmft:40 p i:35 9 jb-Scrap Iron Wanted.I am paving fifty cents itr-toniraifor all kinds of acrap iroa. "Nat Ismthan 1,000 pomidi. This matwial mmbe weighed at any'city scale.'. Thia kto be relivered to the cars orrtlLcHisville & Nashville tracks, oyyoaiH.the freight depot.Call us over, the Cumtferlas&'i&os)34T-J. - T t .max uumem,-- Ssjfctk Strim, Tavia, Ky.(ttft-lyr)1s5-,rAOE FODRTHE BOURBON NEWS, PARIS, KY.FRIDAY, JULY 6, I9171 HMIV1i3 JInsis41The Bourbon NewsEstablished 188136 Yearstinlons Publication.of Con-Bublished Every Tuesday and Friday.Per Year. ..$2.00 Six Months... $1.00Payable in Advance.WIFT CHAMP, Editor and Owner(Entered at the Paris, Kentucky,Postoffice as Mail Matter of theSecond Class.)0 tT3g . TBUSINESS AS USUAL.A suggestion was made that registration day under the recently-enactedconscription law be known as"Loyalty Day." Every day shouldbe "Loyalty Day" with us all inthis world-war period, and there isan opportunity for each one to dohis little bit to aid our governmentIn a successful end of the war.One of the most easily accessible means of contributing to thesuccess of the world enterprise is tolend your efforts along the line of"keeping business as usual."This is an opportunity for us allto show our loyalty. Concentrateyour effort along the lines of normalactivities, avoid any hysteria in business and private transactions, andgive your co-operation to the interests of the citizenship as a whole.Local conditions are excellent,with the industries of Paris runningto their capacity with all the .menthat are available, and yet on theconstant search for more men to keeppace with the orders that are bookedfar ahead.There is no foundation for a business slack-up in Paris, or in thisimmediate territory, and we feel confident that "effort as usual" willkeep "business as usual." Get intothe spirit of keeping things as theyare and better, and you will be rendering a patriotic duty which cooperation will mean much to ourcountry's success.Let's "Keep Business As Usual."" fe teGRAND RAPIDS PAPER BOOSTSPARIS BOY.TOR EARLY CLOSING.The suggestion made in Tuesday'sissue of THE NEW1S regarding earlyclosing by the stores of Paris during the heated term seems' to havestruck a responsive chord in thebosom of some of the more charitably-inclinedmerchants, while someJ of the mossbacks who regard theirclerks as chattels, to be dealt withas property instead of humans,wonder why their clerks could havethe nerve even to consider such athing!How much will any merchant ofParis lose by giving an hour off ofthe end of the day's work? Doesn'tit stand to reason that the littletrade they would lose would be morethan made up to them by the senseof gratitude the clerks would experience? Wouldn't they come to thenext day's work with lighter heartsand a better grace for having beenreminded that they were not machines? Let them have an hour to get acquainted with themselves, and theirfamilies and friends. And the selfish shopper, who has all day inwhich to make his or her selections,should not wait until the day is almost gone and the tired clerks madenough to bite nails. Shop earlyand give the clerks a chance.It should be a concerted movement among the merchants. Ofcourse there will be some whowouldn't give a clerk fifteen minutesoff a day's time, and who might, forall we know, even begrudge thetime they take off for their noonluncheon, but they would be awfullylonesome when the roll would becalled.Shop early; close early! Be human, and not so grasping. Life isshort enough, and your coffins canpot carry the silver and greenbacksalong the journey into the Land Beyond! fe is PaHISTORIC BANK BUILDING ATHARRODSBURG RAZED.Under the caption of "Clyde McNamara Is Once Again In Our Midst,"the Grand Rapids, Mich., Herald, ofJuly 3, publishes the following regarding a former Paris boy:"Among those once more in ourmidst is D. Clyde McNamara, whofor many a year represented theGunn Company, of Grand Rapids, andmade his home here. During thosegood old days Clyde was one of themost popular of the furniture crowdin the market."Six years ago McNamara wentto Boston, Mass., and still makes thathis home. He is now handling theDealers' Service Literature of 'GoodFurniture,' and, of course, is gettingaway with it. He hasa display inthe Pantland Hotel, where all his oldfriends are dropping in to renew acquaintance. Clyde was out of theGrand Rapids market for some fouryears, but he's still as young and fairas ever, and is a welcome guest in themarket."Mrs. McNamara and children areguests of relatives and friends in Mt.Sterling, while Mr. McNamara is "onthe road."M 1 teTO ADDRESS MILLIONS ON ISSUESOP WAR.The First National Bank, one ofthe most historic landmarks in Harrodsburg, is being razed to makeway for a handsome yellow brickbank structure. The building beingrazed was built by Dennis Haley in1858, father of Percy Haley, ofFrankfort.It was this bank building that SamBerry, Sue Munday .--Jerome Clark andtheir guerrilla band attempted toraid on October 8, 1864, just twoyears after the battle of Perryville.The late Captain J. W. Cardwell wasthen cahsier of the bank, and Wm.Vance, uncle of the late Dr. Ap Morgan Vance, of Louisville, was thepresident. Captain Cardwell's presence of mind in hastily bolting theiron shutters and door and refusingto surrender, saved the bank frombeing looted, although Colonel Vance,who was in the building at the time,offered to indemnify the depositorsagainst loss.The guerrillas held the town foran hour, but the citizens finally began to arm themselves and they beata retreat out Perryville street.On their way into the town theguerrillas had captured two Federalsoldiers in the stage coach, whichthey held up at the old wateringtrough, near Shakertown. They putthe soldiers on the stage horses andbrought them along. When the citizens began to fire the horse was shotfrom under Jerome Clark. Quick asflash he killed one of the soldiersand mounting his horse escaped.The other soldier broke loose fromthe gang at a sharp turn in thestreet, as they rode madly out oftown, and thus saved his life.Sam Berry was afterward tried inLouisville and condemned to behanged, but the sentence was changed to life imprisonment.THE CHAUTAUQUA.The second day of the Chautauquasaw the big tent on the Paris HighIN NEW HOME.The Bourbon-Agricultural Bank &Trust Company, which has for someSchool campus comfortably filled j time been occupying the bankingwith an audience which appreciated house of the Bourbon Bank, at thethe program to the very fullest.In the afternoon Elma B. Smith,petite, pretty and piquant, to use theadvance man's language, entertainedthe audience with delineations ofchild characters. She is a wonderfulmimic of children, birds and outdoorlife. She was followed by Judge LeeS. Estelle, whose lecture, "The Law,the Lass and the Lad," was based onexperiences,, he had during his Ion?service as Judge of tue Juvenile Courtof Omaha, Neb. Judge Estelle'alecture was a brilliant effort, dealingwith the humane treatment of wayward boys and girls. The eveningprogram was composed of Miss ElmaB. Smith, and Dr. L. G. Herbert,whose talk on "The Crisis and theMan," was well received.The glorious Fourth saw anothergood crowd in attendance. The program was made up of the HinshawOpera Co., in the ever-popular comicopera, "The Mikado," and Dr. D. D.Vaughn, both pleasing features ofthe afternoon. At night the Hinshaw Opera Co. presented "The Mikado" again to a big audience. Yesterday's program was an unusuallypleasing one, the Franco-BalkanBand in a grand concert entertainment in the afternoon, and at nightsupplemented by a lecture, "TheMind of a Nation," by Gov. MalcolmR. Patterson, of Tennessee.To-day's program will be made upof The Cambridge Players, and MissBellej Kearney, in the afternoon, andThe Cambridge Players, in "The Rivals," at night.te fa teA PROSE POEM. IN .HONOR OEEDWARD SIMMS,la ?5j fcCreation of a semi-official speakers' bureau, to address 1,000,000American people each night on issuesof the war, was announced in Washington by Donald M. Ryerson andWilliam McCormick Blair, of Chicago, through the Public Information Conmittee.Through four-minute speeches tobe delivered each night in practicallyevery moving picture theatre in theUnited States by a corps of 15,000volunteer speakers, the organizersof the plan hope to make the "fourminute men" a tremendous force inacquainting the people with thefacts and necessities of war.The "four-minute men" were organized originally to aid the floatingof the Liberty Loan. Their scopenow has been widened and extendedwith a view to using them throughout the war.1ES Hi IKCIVIL SERVICE EXAMINATIONTOR STENOGRAPHERS, JULY 25An examination for men and wo--menstenographers and typewritersfor civil service and for men for fieldservice, will be .held under SecretaryGeorge Bateman, at the Lexingtonpostoffice, July 25. The increased de-'mand for stenographers, and need formale typewriters and stenographersat the army headquarters, has madea great demand for stenographers.!Salaries ranee from $900 to $1,200 a'year. All passing- the examinationsrill fee eligibU for tae vacancies thatexist.BOURBON FISCAL COURT.There was a short session of theJuly 'term of Bourbon Fiscal Courtyesterday, owing doubtless to the desire of the members to get back totheir farm work or to attend theChautauqua. Judge C. A. McMillanpresided, with the following Justicespresent: Martin, Thomason, Burris,Redmon, Stephenson, Lloyd, Shropshire and Turner.The report of Road Engineer BenBedford for the month of June was received and filed.Claims against the county amounting to $1,091.19 were allowed andordered paid.County Treasurer S. E. Bedfordwas 'ordered to borrow the sum of$10,000 for the use of the TurnpikeFund, and to execute his note torsame, payable January 1, 1918, andbearing interest at the rate of sixper cent, from date.County Road Engineer Bedfordwas instructed to make a survey andprofile of the Grimes turnpike.The sum of $5.00 per month wasordered paid to E. P. Thomason forthe support of John Jones.The Court adjourned to pay a visitto- the Community Garden which isbeing conducted by the Health andWelfare League on the old FairGrounds. The next meeting of theCourt will be held on August 2, 1917.The Houston, Texas, Chronicle,has a special department underthe heading of "The Chroniclingsof Billy," in which there appearseach issue a take-off in the shapeof a prose poem regarding someprominent citizen. In the issue ofJune 13, the following tribute toMr. Edward Simms, a former Parisboy, appears:"It was many years ago, Jack,when young Ed Simms said goodbye to his old Kentucky home. Hewas a poor boy then and tired oflaying around the place and eatinghis father's groceries. He bundledup his extras and celluloid collarsinto a telescope and plunged into thebig crass world. He sat in the gameof life with only a few white chips.Now he is setting behind a stack ofblue chips as tall as the Rice Hotel."He -won riches beyond tha dreamsof avarice, and every dollar thatwings its way into Ed Simms' pockets is as clean as a hound's tooth.And all through the years that haveseparated him from his old Kentuckyhome there has nestled one longingto go back home and to be with theold boys of the barefooted long ago.Back in the heart of the busy manthere slept a cute little sentiment,and he made it all come true."It's hard to associate sentimentwith millions, but it's in old EdSimms, and he just can't help it. It'sthere, I guess, because he was bredin old Kentucky, and he went backto the old place he was born in, towhere his boy feet first learned towalk, and he threw the reverse gearinto the old story of killing the fatted calf for the prodigal's return. Heassembled all the people of his homecounty', and killed a herd of fat bullocks and a flock of fat sheep, andbarbecued them, and there was happiness in the land of Kentuck."There was rejoicing over the boywho went away and made good, andhis mind was away from businesscares, and his heart was filled withhappiness, for the dream of all hisyears had been fulfilled. Strangewhat queer sentiments creep into thehearts of the big ones of this world.After all, we're nothing but overgrown-children. And he couldn'tmake much of a speech on that eventful day. He just said something likethis: "God bless old Kentucky; Tlove her still I love all of her stills."fe mFALSE FIRE ALARM.corner of Fifth and Main streets,pending the completion of the remodeling work on their new building isnow "at home" at Fourth and Main.The building, which was vacatedby the First National Bank whenthat institution was transferred to itsnew skyscraper on the opposite corner, has been undergoing extensiverepairs and remodeling for about ayear, and is now complete. It is oneof the most comlplete banking housesin the city, being equipped with allthe modern aids to such business.The lobby of the new home is fitted with all-metal furniture, and isdone in marble and handsome hardwoods. On the first floor the spaceis devoted to a ladies' room, and depositors' room, in connection with themain banking room, all of which arehandsomely furnished. One of thelargest and best steel safes thatcould be made has been installed.This receptacle has a solid manganesesteel door, eight inches in thickness,and as nearly burglar-proof and fireproof as science and mechanical ingenuity can make it. This door aloneweighs 12,000 pounds. A new electricelevator has been installed for theconvenience of the patrons and occupants of the office rooms in the upperstories.The statement of June 30, issuedby the Bourbon-Agricultural shows acapital stock of $200,000.00, with resources and liabilities amounting to$1,179,632.27. The officers of the institution are: John T. Collins, president; J. T. Hinton, vice-president;Buckner Woodford, cashier; Thos. W,Allen, assistant cashier,OLD BRICK FOR SALEFifteen thousand old brick, partof the old Presbyterian Church, forsale on the building lot.BUILDING COMMITTEE,Presbyterian Church.MflRGOLEN'SBIG SPECIALForFriday&SaturdayCountry Bacon at25c lb.Pure Hog Lard at23c lb.Sliced Picnic Ham at30c lb.Best Sirloin Steak, per lb 25cBest Roast, per lb 22 l-2cPork Chops, per lb 25cPork Roast, per lb 25cPlate Roast, per lb 17 l-2cParis Home SchoolWill OpenMonday, September 3, 1917Mrs. W- A. Harp, Director.Miss Carleton Brewer, A. B.,(University of Ky.) CollegePreparatory Department.Miss E. D. Giltner, Director ofMusic.Olympia SpringsHotel"The Home of Salt Sulphurs'7Kentucky's most famous resort. Under new management.Rates reasonable.MR. AND MRS. WM.Managers.HULSMflRGOLEN'SSanitary Meat MarketFOR SALE!SWEET POTATOPLANTSBest VarietiesSale of Floral Goods.In the Picklin Buliding, on Mainstreet, I will dell to-day and to-morrowand all next week a general assortment of flowering plants, ferns,ornamental vines and nice foliageplants.Ladies and all others interestedare invited to come and inspect mystock and buy what they want.(2t) H. C. OGLE.Proposal For SchoolBuildingsSealed proposals will be receivedby the Board of Education, of Paris,Ky., for the construction of additionsto the High School and an annex tothe school for colored children.Proposals shall be in the hands ofthe Secretary of the Board of Education not later than 10 a. m. Julv 23.1917, and shall be accompanied by aicertified check for 2 of the amountof the proposal.Plans and specifications may beseen at the Y. M. C. A. building,Paris, Ky., the Bourbon Lumber Co.,Paris High Schoorand at the office ofthe architects, at Lexington, Ky.une .Board reserves the right to Jreject any and all bids.By order of the Board of Education, Paris, Ky.By ANDERSON & FRANKEL,Architects & Engineers,(6-3t) Lexington, Ky.Per HundredNo, you are not too late!Now is the time to set themout. Special reductions on largequantities.BusyBeeCashStore(Jly29-2t)WANTED!Every Lady in.Bourbon CountyTo Visit OurBAKERY!EVERY DAYVISITORS'DAY!iTt;WILMOTHGrocery Go.Phone 376ComingAttractionsPARIS GRAND AND ALAMOOboe and Singing . Duo this WeekSame Act as at Strand Theatre, Lexington Last Week.The fire department respondedTuesday night to an alarm from Box34, only to find, after arriving at thestation, that there was no fire anywhere in the vicinity, but that thefestive "false alarm fiend" had heena work again. A search and inquirywas made in the vicinity, but, asusual in such cases, no one could befound who could give any clue as tothe identity of the party who hadpulled the box. There's a $75 finewaiting on the hook for one of thesefunny fellows some time (when he scaught.)The Dallas News regrets thatsome girls persist in worryingmore over a soft corn than they doover a soft head.Your Uncle Sam will kee'p closesurveillance on foreign spies. Whatyou want to do is keep your eye on " JUCW"I, Joi j PwthVgartfwrcan. ? ? W 'B-4 TIREInsure withW.O. HINTON &SON,Agtsto fti taBARN BURNED.A large barn on the farm of BrownAnderson, a short distance, fromNicholasville on the Keene pike,caught fire at 8:30 o'clock Sundaynight and was burned to the ground.The loss on the building and contents, consisting of wagons and"1 farmimplements will amount to ? 3,0 00,practically covered by insurance.The origin of the fire is unknown.:From present indications SnainFridayE. Bennett in "'"Princess ofthe Dark"Triangle K. . B. Feature.Popular Players in Triangle Komedy"When Hearts Collide."Pearl White in second episode of 'Pearl of theArmy." Also PatheWeekly News.SATURDAY.Earl Williams in"The Soul Master"Vltagraph Blue Ribbon feature,rected by Marguerite Bertsch.Di-MONDAY.Lou Pellegen in a thrilling romantic photoplay"The Black Wolf"By Marguerite Turnbull. From theplay of the same name. Produced byLasky.Hours-Alamo, 'Z to 5:30; Paris Grand,7 to 1 0:30. Admission 5 and 1 0c."Pennies SowDollars Grow"I1YOU SAVEBig Interest on Every Dollar You Spend by Paying Your Bills inFull by the 10th of Each Month Following Purchase andgetting BLUE TRADING STAMPS from the Progressive Merchants who give them.PLEASE REMEMBERIn order to be entitled to Stamps, no balance can be on the books against youand an account must not run longer tnan 30 days from date of first purchaseSave BLUE STAMPS and make 3 per cent, on all you spend.TO YOUA full book means $3.00, the same as cash, in the purchase of merchandise Except Groceries and Meats You can redeem two full leaves c120 stamps for 25 cents worth of merchandise."- v ,' wt ujuc w was u tue ai&uee.aj- t4J ' ' 'v .FRIDAY, JULY 6, 1917.vtrTHE.BOURBONNEWS, PARIS, KY.PAGKETT .vi hi &, ,5VU02fcr&FOR THE BESTNOTHING ELSEHAIL INSURANCEInsuie your tobacco againsthail with prompt paying companies. Our companies areliberal and adjustments aresatisfactory.Thomas, Woodford & Bryan.(july6-tf)te im taATJTOS PURCHASED.Mr. A. W. Plummer and Mr. Robt.Crombie have each, purchased an Oakland Six touring car for the use ofthemselves and families. The saleswere made through the Dickerson &Douglass Garage & Supply Co., ofthis city.IS 1 ISACCEPTS POSITION.Mr. Russell Clayton, of Paris, hasaccepted a clerkship in the clothinghouse of Mitchell & Blakemore. Mr.Allen Ingels, who has been with thefirm some time, has resigned and willgo to Indianapolis on a vacationtrip.IS IS SPALM BEACH AT $10.Light and dark patterns in manystyle models.J. W. DAVIS & CO.t- m Ss jeIN NAVY HOSPITAL UNIT.iDr. William T. Fitzgerald, who hasbeen connected with the Peoples'Pharmacy in this city for the pastfour years, has enlisted in the Hospital Unit of the United States Navy.Dr. Fitzgerald recently passed a veryhigh and satisfactory examination before the State Board of Pharmacy, atLouisville.3 1 E3 .THINGS TO WORRY ABOUT.Afariv wondering glances were castup at the big flagstaff over the Givernment building in Paris, Wednesday, by passers-by. Much unfavorable comment was heard on the absence of a United States flag over theonly government building in Paris onthe celebration of the Nation's greatest day, the glorious Fourth of July.All over the city flags were thrownto the breezes on all the principalbuildings, both private and public,but not a banner floated from thepostoffice building.Suppose the citizens of Paris takeup a subscription and purchase asuitable flag for Uncle Sam's government building?bb ts isWARDROBE TRUNKS.For that trip you're planning. Youcan get a very nice one here at ?25or ?35.J. W. DAVIS & CO.IS IS ISHARVESTING BY TRACTOR.Probably the first tractor to beemployed in plowing and in harvesting a wheat crop in Bourbon countyis the one which was recently put inoperation by Mr. Stanhope Wiedemann, at his farm on the Georgetownpike, near Paris.Mr. Wiedemann, assisted by Mr.John Clay, operated the tractor indoing the spring plowing on his farm,and a few days ago used the samemachine in harvesting and binding ahijr cron of wheat. The tractor isnow being uesd in plowing a big fieldwhich will be cultivated entirely inbeans. The machine does the workof several teams and men.1 1 1SHOULD BE STOPPED.There is an ordinance supposed tobe in effect in Paris which forbidsplacing placards and other forms ofadvertising matter on telephone,telegraph, electric light and firealarm poles.This ordinance is being persistently violated almost every day. Numbers of poles are decorated with advertising placards and devices. Itdoes not look good and ought to bestopped. Paris, as one of the leadingcities of Central Kentucky, shouldhave some regard for her appearance,and should not tolerate things whichwould not be tolerated elsewhere.The city authorities should see thatthe violation of this ordinance isstopped.CAT ADOPTS SNAKE AS ITS PLAYMATE. In these days of freak storiesand wondrous happenings out of theordinary, it has remained for Mr. J.Bennett Tarr, of Paris, to furnishthe climax, one that is really worthwhile. Mr. Tarr says he has a catat his home that has adopted a playmate in the shape of a large snake.The snake makes its home in alarge hollow stump near Mr. Tarr'sprivate garage, and as soon as thecat comes in sight his snakeship alsoappears and crawls up to the cat fortheir daily frolic. The cat will lieon its back and playfully strike atthe snake with its paws as the lattre crawls over its body. At no timehas he seen either of the animalsattempt to harm each other in anyway.The only point upon which Mr.Tarr refuses to commit himself is asto bow the snake sustains itself. Ita99retly feas committed, no depretatkm ajwmd the premises, as;i53hia 1bM"1:mbif.SOCIAL AND PERSONAL.Comings and Goings of OurPeople Here, There andElsewhere.Mrs. Katherlne Davis Craig is aguest of Mr. and Mrs. Bailey D. Berry, in Lexington.Mr. George W. Bettey is confinedto his home on Pleasant street withan attack of bronchitis.Mrs. George Howard 'and children have gone to Greenbier Springs,Va., to remain three weeks.Mr. and Mrs. John Woodfordwill leave next week with a party oftourists bound for a stay in Yellowstone Park.A large number of Paris peoplemotored to Boonesboro, Wednesday,and had an enjoyable time at thebathing beach.Mrs. Anna McDougal, of Hamilton College, Lexington, is a guest ofMrs. Mayme Remington Parrish, onHouston avenue.Miss Lucile Dailey entertained abevy of young friends Wednesday afternoon with games, luncheon and anautomobile ride.Mr. and Mrs. Forrest Eyre, ofBloomington, Ills., are guests of Mr.and Mrs. Julian Frank. Mrs. Eyre i?a sister of Mrs. Frank.Messrs. Louis Turner. NewtnnTaylor, Jr., and Harry Jones attended the opening dance at Oil Springs,in Clark county Tuesday night.Miss Louise Morrison and brother, Mr. Dudley Buckley Morrison, ofCharleston, West Va., are guests oftheir aunt, Miss Lena Johnson, on&econa street.Misses Mary and BernadetteBrannon, Mary Concannon and RosaMary O'Neill have returned to theirhomes in Lexington, after a visit toParis friends and relatives.Mrs. Rhoda Blount, who recently underwent an operation forappendicitis at the Massie Hospital,has recovered sufficiently to be ableto leave the hospital.Mr. J. Thornton Connell has returned to Winchester to resume hisnewspaper work on the Daily Sun,after a visit of several days to hisparents, Mr. and Mrs. J. J. Connell,in this city.Mr. Preston Brown has returned to his home in Detroit, Mich., after a visit to his sister, Mrs. HenryJ. Grosche and Mr. Grosche. He wasaccompanied home by Mrs. Gresche,who will visit her parents, Mr. andMrs. S. S. Brown.Mr. and Mrs. Edward Converse,of Louisville, and Miss Laura BurnsPrice, of Danville, who have beenguests of Mr. and Mrs. J. W. Dejarnett, on Cypress street, returned totheir homes Tuesday, stopping enroute in Georgetown, to attend themeeting of the Baptist Assembly.Miss Nelliev Mitchell, daughterof Mr. and Mrs. Harry. Mitchell, ofHenderson street, who recently underwent an operation for stomachtrouble at the Massie Memorial Hospital, in Paris, is resting easily andwill soon be able to return to herhome.Mr. Phil Nippert returned fromCincinnati yesterday, accompanyinghis brother, Mr. George W. Nippert,who has been seriously ill withBrights' disease, to the Massie Memorial Hospital, where he will beplaced under treatment. Mr. Nippert was also accompanied by Mr.and Mrs. Hardin, of Cincinnati, thelatter his daughter, Mr. Nippertwas resting very comfortably lastnight.Cynthiana Democrat: "Mrs. Lillian Dale and daughter, of Paris,were guests of relatives here Monday. . . .Mr. and Mrs. John W. Taylor have concluded a visit to friendsand relatives in Paris and Bourboncounty. .. .Misses Susie and EdnaClay, of Paris, are with their aunt,Mrs. Nannie Lebus, during the Chautauqua. . . .Miss Nannie Louise Bestwho has been instructor in music inan Arkansas college the past year,reached here Tuesday evening, andwas the guest of her brother, Dr. I.D. Best. Yesterday Mrs. Best drovewith her to Millersburg."Mr. Edward Knapp, of Cincinnati, is a guest of his sister, Mrs.William Myall, and Mr. Myall, inthis city. Mr. Knapp is a formernewspaper man, having served as acompositor on The Saturday Night, aweekly publication edited in Parisby the late Green R. Keller manyyears ago. He is now connectedwith the Auditor's department ofthe Adams Express Company in Cincinnati. Mr. Knapp has in hispossession a bound volume of TheSaturday Night, which he intends topresent to the Paris Public Library.It will form an interesting contribution and will be valuable as a reference work and a reminder of theearly days of Paris.Handsomely engravedi announcements, worded as follows, have beenreceived by friends and relatives ofthe groom in this city:"Mrs. Samuel H. Carnahan announces the marriage of her daughter, Anna Elizabeth, to Mr. FrankDaugherty, Saturday, June the thirtieth, Nineteen hundred and seventeen, Philadelphia."The groom, who is a son of Mrs. u.a nnnpiiprtv. of this city, is a former resident of Paris, a graduate ofState University at Lexington, and avery popular young man. Mr.Daugherty has been a resident ofPhiladelphia for several years, wherehe occupies a responsible positionwith one of the largest manufacturing concerns in the City of Brotherly Love. He is a brother of Dr.Charles G. Daugherty, Messrs. Jamesand Garrard Daugherty, and MissAnna Daugherty, of Paris, and Mrs.Jeeee Haielrigg, o Winchester.:iCr.ADaiignerty'lias a large, circle ofwarm trUmH here who wish him andhis bride many years of happy married life.Miss Lillian Allen, of Flemingsburg, is a guest of friends near Paris.Mr. Gus Margolen left Wednesday for Hot Springs, Arkansas, for uten-days' stay.Miss Mary Frances Lyons, ofLouisville, is" visiting her grandmother, Mrs. Maria Lyons, on Mainstreet.iMr. and Mrs. William O'Connell.of Taylor, Texas, are guests of Mrs.Ellen Shea and family, on Walkeravenue.Rev. W. O. Sadler, pastor of theParis Methodist church, was a visitorin Flemingsburg, Tuesday, as a guestof Mrs. Jas. W. France.Mr. A. C. King, City PassengerAgent, and Mr. W. G. Morgan, Division Passenger Agent, both of theSouthern Railway System, were callers at THE NEWS office yesterday.Miss Rebecca Purnell accompanied her father, Mr. L. B. Purnell, on a trip this week throughOwen, Franklin, Scott, Grant andWoodford counties in the interest ofthe Paris Milling Co.Mr. Sherman Snapp, who hasbeen in California and the PacificCoast towns for several years in theinterest of the Royal Baking PowderCo., arrived in Paris last night for avisit to his mother. Mrs. AliceSnapp, and family.Mrs. Walter Dempsey and handsome young son, Master Louis Andrew Dempsey, and Mrs. Dempsey'smother, Mrs. Burke, of Newport, areguests at the home of Mr. and Mrs.James B. Dempsey,-on Scott avenue,for a week's . visit.Among those whe attended thefuneral of Mrs. Clay Wornall Buckner in this city last Sunday were thefollowing from Winchester: Mrs.Carrie Buckner, Miss Susan Buckner,Rev. Walter Dye, Mr. and Mrs. S. D.Goff, Miss Sarah Buckner, Miss AnnaSpeck Thompson, Mrs. W. G. McCready, Misses Emily and MargaretMcCready, Mr. John McCready MissesMary, Emma and Bettie Bright.The Louisville Courier-Journalsays: "Mrs. Beverley Jouett Davisreturned Monday to spend severaldays with her father, Mr. Edward S.Jouett, at his apartment in theWeissinger-Gaubert, after which shewill return to join her daughter,Miss Anna Jouett Davis, in Winchester, where they are spending sometime the guests of Mrs. Davis' uncle,Mr. Beverley Jouett, and Mrs. Jouett." (Other Personals on Page 3.)FOR COUNCILMAN.We are authorized to announceFRANK BURTON as a 'candidate forthe Democratic nomination for Councilman from the Third Ward of theCity of Paris, subject to the action ofthe Democratic voters at the Stateprimary election Saturday, August 1,1917.POR MAGISTRATE.We are authorized to announceJOHN S. WIGGINS as a candidatefor the Democratic nomination forthe office of Magistrate from theHutchison precinct, subject to theaction of the Democracy at theState primary election, August 4,1917.Cut The Weeds!Notice is given to all citizens ofParis to at once cut any weeds thatmay be growing on their sidewalks,in their yards, or anywhere abouttheir premises.By order of the Board of Health.A. H. KELLER,(july3-3t) Health Officer.Buy an Edison!Get the Best There'sOnly One !The New Edison gets and givesall the artist rendered just asthe artist gave it."There's only ONE best; thatONE is the Edison." (Harger&Blish.)Overtone, in music, is comparable with seasoning in food; Edison alone gives all the overtones:the seasoning.OBERDORFERSoft Agtnt for Bourbon Cunty1- (July.-lm) 'iwftfiFOUR SPECIALSFOR CHAUTAUQUA WEEK$2.50 and $3.50 Wash Waists at$1.95HARRY SIMONAgent ForEIFFEL HOSIERYWARNER BROS.' RUST PROOF CORSETSAND MUNSING WEARAll Goods Marked in Plain Figures. One Price to All.KaltexPorch Furniture!You Wish YOUR PORCH to Look the BEST. KALTEXFURNITURE Will Accomplish This For You.We have at last received this line of Chairs and Swings in the beautifulBaronial Brown. Every piece is practically indestructible, as every one is built onwire and the joints reinforced with steel braces. We show you one pattern' here,but' have many in stock to show you.Porch and Lawn Swings, RefrigeratorsVudor Porch Shades areTHEJ.T.HINT0NC0JMOTOR HEARSE"EITHERPHONE"$6.00 and $6.50 Crepe de Chene andGeorgette Waists at$4.95One lot of White Organdie Dressesfor Ladies and Misses, worth$12.50, $15.00 and $17.50, at$7.50Middy Blouse Dresses at$3.98Y"rMM Miiy jjmm:&i iii i mtrfMOTOR INVALID COACH36s'v-kv- ,'the Best!?.UNDERTAKINGSIXTH AND MAIN STS.'VfthrI ivlfSI'in5t i3!(1 !r5nAtJM- '1.rv-r ? "t? I8- ,V'THE BOURBON NEWS, PARIS, KY.FRIDAY, JULY 6, 19 17... v"ifvVi I.Hi. 1rifcfr!,iiX;X.rv.!I1II1I111I11III1II11II1IIIII1II1111II111I1111IIIIIII1IIIH1IDiamondsare not offered to car builders.Motorists buy them asa matter or choice.Why? -live rubber, tongh fabric,doggedly durable treadmileage and servicefmUrMMmmmmm tiriv 1QfctfgjPiflPBjfsy3gwPfcifcSfge58gSaueegeeTreadf C. SgHjjN ft' Cor. 4theAMERICA'S ITIfcST GREAT BLOWThrough the Liberty Loan theAmerican people dealt their firstgreat blow of the war to pro-Germanismin the United Stales andGerman autocracy in Europe. Subscriptions to the loan were $1,035,226,850 in excess of the $2,000,000,000 asked for by the Government.More than 4,000,000 persons subscribed. Secretary of the TreasuryMcAclop announced the official figures Friday night. Aside from thedemonstration of nearly 52 per cent.,Secretary McAdoo announced thatapproximately $2,960,000,000 of thesubscription, or 99 per cent, were foramounts ranging from $50 to $10,000. "The widespread distribution ofthe Liberty bonds and the greatamount of the oversubscription, constitute an eloquent and conclusive reply to the enemies of the country,"who claimed that the heart ofAmerica was not in the war," saidSecretary McAdoo.15& fe feSTYLES OF TRENCHES.According to the description of aGerman officer, the Germans dividetheir trenches into four differentclasses. There are, first, the rifle pisshallow excavations dug by thesoldier lying down under fire, aboutfour feet long and two feet wide,with a low earth parapet pushed upIn front; second, the kneeling trench,a simple ditch about three feetwide; third the standing trench,which has a shelf-like terrace running parallel with the bottom, wherathe man may stand and shoot; and4ast, the imporved or permanenttrench, wide and deep, with a trench"street" running along the lowestlevel, and a first shelf or terrace twofeet higher for the trench garrison,and a second terrace two feet abovethe first and five feet below theground level, where the men maymount to shoot.ARMY WILL HOT INSIST -ON- HEIGHT REQUIREMENT.;' In reply to a number of requestsfrom men of small stature who wishao form regiments like Britain's famous "Yorkshire Bantams," the WarDepartment has announced that noman will be rejected for service if, inthe opinion of the recruiting officer,his deficiencies in height and weightwill not materially impair his usefulness as a soldier. The statement saysthe regulations requiring men to beat least five feet four inches inheight and 120 pounds in weight willbe flexibly applied.Hi fc te"Juice" Used Up.Mildred, age four and a hallyears, and her brother. Bobbie, twoand a half years, were pushing theirrocking chairs over the floor, playing they were automobiles, honkingand making noises imitating a machine, when Mildred, out of breath,was heard to exclaim: "Oh, Bobbie ILet's rest, I am out of gasoline "- -Good as His Word."liolr here, this inclosed car 701Jt&timt for as good as new rattles teivfat, iny dear sir, X told you It wma sttllag good bargain." New YorkCHAMBERLAIN'S COLIC ANDARRHOEA REMEBY.DI-Now is the timeJtaJmy a bottle ofvthis remedy so as to be prepared incage that any one "of your familyshould 'kaye an attack of. colic ordiarrhoea during the summer months.It te worth, a hundred times Its s cob 1wfctsi meeitJLcreate a demand greater than forany other nonequipment tire.-OiamonTir-'BALL GARAGE& Pleasant Sts., Paris, Ky.mm mmum MimiMMMmrTraTnmKFOR YOUR SCRAP BOOK.LOOKING UP.The market's always looking up forcertain sort of men;No matter what the market is, it'sgetting good again.They never taste the bitter that maylinger in the cupBecause they're like the market is,and always looking up.The fellow looking upward sees a lotof pleasant thingsThat other men are apt to miss amidtheir mutterings.He doesn't hang his head and howllike some discouraged pup;He sees a lot of pleasant things bymerely looking up.It may be dark as Egypt's night atpresent where you are.But if a fellow will -look up he's aptto see a star.When he sits down with other menaround the board to supIt won't be very long before they allare looking up.Douglas Malloch.P3 3 KlC(HN RECEIVING SYSTEM.A newly patented system for receiving coins has just been put onthe market in New York. This system Is intended for use in hotelsand apartment houses. It is designed to permit the occupant of a roomor apartment to pay for small purchases which come to the downstairs office without leaving hisroom, and to get change to pay smalldebts at his own door without sending out for it. In each room thereis a box containing receiving anddelivery slots for nickles, dimes,quarters and half , dollars. Eaohroom box is electrically connected toa central switchboard in the hoteloffice. Every coin dropped into thebox is automatically recorded at thecentral switchboard, and the operator can make change if necessaryby pressing a button.l --. w- "A.fJtlioiouXui fJT-Ifjoa-wantto Jsitep.-your ..friendsguewring-get fronuyour druggist aneighth of a pound of-dried orange blossoms (they are very expensive) andfteep two or three to a cupful alongwith your tea leaves. Omit sugar.lemon or cream,, as either cloys Hiedelicate flavor of the-orange buds. Besure you get them strictly fresh andfrom a receptacle tightly covered andkeep them air tight yourself. Thisnovel Idea was -introduced into smarttud!os by a clever Frenchwoman an?proved very popular. 'Felt He Came Second.One day I took my little boy oveito his grandmother's, and while wewere there he got into mischief, so hisgrandmother slapped his hands and hecame to me crying, and said his grandmother had slapped him. I being busyat the time, just told -him to go awayand not bother me, -that- his -grand--mother-would not slap him if- he-didnot .deserve it. Later on I asked himwhat he did that his grandmotherslapped him, and he said : "Oh, it isno use telling you, you love your mother anyhow." Chicago Tribune.Protecting Open Facs Watoh.years ago I read in a sportsman's journal a good way to protect anopen face watch from wet. This alsohelps to keep it from falling oat of apocket "To keep one's watch dry,even though you go overboard, tabs apiece o-pure rubber dental dam eightinches square, put the watch in thecenter and" bring the" rubber togetherat the stem, tying the puckered up rubber with alblt of string. When ypu wisJto see the face simply stretch the rubber over the front and yon can see thehands clearly through it" Outing.WAS NOT DOUBTEDJohn Dickinson Known astriot, Despite Actions.Pa-Refused to Sign Declaration of Independence, but Fought for CauseBoth in Field and in Councils of State.John Dickinson, a patriot member ofthe congress of '76, who opposed theDeclaration of Independence, died atWilmington, Del., on February 14, 1808,at the age of seventy-four.Dickinson -came of English Quakerstock, his ancestors having left England in 1654 to escape imprisonmentas nonconformists, observes the Washington Post. They settled first in Virginia, later removed to Maryland, andstill later to a plantation near Dover,Del. William Killen, a young Irishman, who afterward became chief justice of Delaware, had the directionof young Dickinson's education untilhe was sent abroad to study law Inthe Middle temple, London. His firstpublic servicewas as a member of theassembly from the "lower counties,"as Delaware was then termed, andlater as a delegate from the city ofPhiladelphia.During the initial years of the warfor independence he was a delegatefrom Delaware to the Continental Congress and was a recognized leader.Few contributed more to the movement for separation from the mothercountry than did Dickinson, and especially through his writings as "a Pennsylvania farmer," and yet he denouncedthe Boston tea party as revolutionaryand contended that the tea destroyedshould be paid for. Notwithstandingall this, his patriotism was neverdoubted.He drafted the famous "declarationof causes for taking up arms;" alsodrafted the first letter to the kingand the address to the people of America He opposed the Declaration ofIndependence on the ground that itwould not strengthen the colonies "byone man or by the least supply; thatIt would expose the soldiers to newcruelties; that without some trial oftheir strength they ought not to riskan alternative where to recede wouldbe Injury and to persist might be destruction.' He declared the documentto be "a menace to England, an affrontto France, and a cause of dissensionamong the colonies themselves."When the crucial moment came theopposition melted away, but Dickinsonsimply absented himself and persistently declined to sign the Immortaldocument. His opposition to It de--featedhis re-election to congress, andwhen, at a following election Delaware named him, he declined to serve.He did not sulk, however, but strovefor the cause both In the councils andIn the field.As president of the Annapolis convention he was the author of a reportto congress commending a constitutional convention, and as a delegate tothat convention insisted on the States,regardless of area or population, beingequally represented In the senate. Hehad several important military commands, and rendered efficient serviceas an officer In the field.His voice was ever against slaveryand he was an early advocate of theemancipation of the slaves of Delaware and against the extension of theInstitution iq the territories. Dickinson was a positive character, and encountered greater personaljrisk in thecause or ireeuora tnan many wno1 - -mi l&-. -!. .championed the cause..Welding Compounds.Welding liquids are net consideredso good as the preparations in thepowder form, with the possible exception of the solution of zinc in hydrochloric acid which is used by tinners.A very good compound may be madeas iollows :To 20 parts of Iron filings add 10parts borax, 1.5 parts sal ammoniacand one part of a resinous oil (balsam of copaiba may be used).The surfaces to be united are to bepowdered with this mixture, thenplaced in the fire and heated to cherry red. When the composition melts,remove the pieces from the fire andweld them quickly. There are numerous preparations but most of themcontain ammonium, chloride, boraxand sodium carbonate. Dr. CharlesK. Francis, Chemist, Experiment Station, s Oklahoma A. and, M. CollegeStillwater.Literary Battalions.In a library we are surrounded bymany Hundreds of dear friends, butthey are imprisoned in these paperand leather boxes, and as they aredressed, like battalions of infantry, incoat -and jacket of one cut, by the.thousands, your chance of hitting onthe right one Is to be computed bythe arithmetical rule of permutationand combination not a choice out ofthree caskets, but out of half a million caskets all alike. Would thatsome charitable soul, after' losing agreat -deaUot- time among the falsebooks and alighting upon a few trujeones, which made him happy andwise, 'would name those which havebeen bridges or ships to carry himsafely over dark recesses and barrenoceans into the heart of sacred cities,into palaces and temples. Emerson.Material for Mirth.Kidder You know, Miss Giggles, Iam becoming 'so I can make a jokeabout nothing. - , ' .; Miss Giggles (enthusiastically) O.make one about me, pleat. " -NO DOGS ALLOWED ON TRAINBut Conductor Had"Embarra6slng Moment When He Undertook to Banish Canine to Baggage.Soon after the train had started,the conductor, in collecting his fares;noticed a small white dog, with abushy tail and bright black eyes, cosilysitting on a seat beside a young ladyShe was quite pretty, but the conductor's duty was plain."I'm very sorry, madam," he saidwith unusual suavity, "but it's againstthe rules to have dogs in the passenger cars.""Oh! dear! is that so?" replied theyoung lady, looking beseechingly fromher brown eyes. "What shall I do? Ican't throw him away. He's a presentfor my aunt.""Throw him away! By no means,miss! We'll put him in the baggagecar, and he'll be just as happy as therobins in spring.""What put my nice white dog inyour dirty old baggage car?""I'm sorry, miss, but the rules ofthis company must be enforced. Heshall have my overcoat to lie on, andthe brakeman will give him crackersand milk every time he opens hismouth.""I just know somebody will stealhim," she objected.But the conductor was firm, andcalled out tp-the brakeman, who wascarrying a signal flag."Here, Mike, put this dog in the baggage car, and tell them to take the bestof care of him."The. brakeman picked up the dog ascarefully as if It were a baby. Therewas a sudden twitching of the facialmuscles, and he hastily said to the conductor :"Here, you just hold him a minutetill I put this flag away."Out of the car door he went, andheld on to the brake wheel, shakinglike a man with ague.The conductor laid his hands on thedog, and then"Why wh-why this is a worsteddog!" he gasped."Yes, sir," replied the little miss,demurely; "didn't you know that?""No, miss, I am sorry to say I didn'tknow that."He dropped the dog and began shouting: "Tickets! Show your tickets!"Life-Saving or Drowning?In an article on "Sports In Girls'Camps" in St. Nicholas, Anna Worthlngton Coale describes the tests forrescue work, or life-saving requirement of the United States VolunteerLife-Savers. These tests, which aretaken by many of the older girls Incamp, put a good deal of zest into theswimming."In order to pass the tests you mustknow at least three different holdswhich a drowning person would belikely to make while struggling andhow to break them. You must alsobe able to dive to the bottom andbring up a supposedly drowned personin proper form head first and towher ashore, using any one of three approved methods of carrying, as, for example, crooking the elbow under thechin of the victim and swimming onthe side. You must then demonstratean approved method of resuscitation,usually the Schaeffer method, whichrequires only one person to apply it.The first thing on reaching shore isto empty the water from the lungswhich, by the way, is never more thantwo or three teaspoonfuls in amountand induce breathing by pressure onthe ribs. If you have ever been calledupon to be the victim for someone'spractice you will understand why itIs still a question In some camps whichform of death is to be preferred; lifesaving or mere drowning?"Swr"" "" ""-Violets.Stern-faced, tired, sorefooted fromunaccustomed tramping, the man pacedalong the side of a roadway 20 milesfrom the city in the afternoon sunshine. Beside the road sat a little boyand girl, each timidly clutching a basket of bunches of wood violets. Thechildred looked at the man's stern,tired face and timidly kept back thewords of invitation they wanted tospeak. As the man paced by he caughta pale, twinkling little smile in the eyeof the boy and out of memory's gallery there flashed a picture the picture of another timid, barefoot boy inthe dust of a country roadside, a boywho wanted to make a fortune in nickels and dimes from his primitive merchandise and hadn't the courage tocry his wares."Give me one of your bouquets, myboy," he said.And he went on. Behind him a rosysmile on two little faces and with hima ray of sunshine on the head of theboy of 40 years ago. Detroit FreePress.Deep Sea Diving Now Feasible.Experiments made by the British admiralty and the7 United States navyprove that deep-sea diving is feasible,says Popular Science Monthly.It has been found that the shorterthe time a diver takes in getting tothe bottom the better, because thebody absorbs less nitrogen. Also, thediver must have at least one and onehalf cubic feet of air per minute at.all depths.Lacing, the legs of the diver's suit'Increases his stability and permitshim to come to an erect position withease. It also lessens the danger ofhis falling or being suddenly blownto the surface.GHi of Other Days."Speaking of the peaches-we knew'20 years ago ""Yes.""Snm nf thorn spm "tn hft nrpfrHrtTJM i-.--. , M.w V" y pmcji ti.I.4Mi....i..Mi..iM...4Mil4M.4..iniMMi4l4l.l.....,l,4.li,i4.,l ,illllil,il,i,4l44 g g g,,,,KNOXVILLE, TENN.SUMMER SCHOOLOF THE SOUTHUniversity off Tennessee34-ipfp-Ft4i'p'piwi'PitRound Trip$6.50FareVIASOUTHERN RAILWAY SYSTEMTickets on sale June 16th, 17th, 18th, 23rd, 24th and 30th,also Juiy 1st, 7th and 14th, 1917., RETURNING, tickets will be good to reach Lexington15 days following but not including date of sale.Extension off time privilege to September 30th on payment of $1.00.Tickets, train service, Pullman reservations and detailedinformation regarding extension privileges on application.City Ticket Office 118 East Main Street. Telephone 49.H. C. KING, Division Passenger Agent, LEXINGTON, KY.tllHli'tlllitllltlli'ZAutomobile Hearse or Ambulance !I desire to announce to our friends that I can," wheredesired, furnish an automobile hearse or ambulance. Th ismethod of transportation is especially desired on long trip s,the same being made in better time, and at no advance incost over the horse-drawn conveyance.GEO. W- DAVIS, Funeral Director.l4..I.IlIlIIInII.:MTMIMIMIMIMI.I,MII,I,I,IlI,.I,I.,t.H,I 5SPECIAL!Ladies' Black Kid, White WashableKid TopLadies' Brown Kid, WhiteKid Top$5:95Regular $8.00 ValuesWe have aboutH MMf while we have your size.HARRY'' I'l'I'i'I'IWe Are RunningEvery Week NowJust to Clean Away Some of Our Stock.Everything is New and Up-to-Date inWash Skirts, Hats, Parasols and Waistsvalues up to $1.50 and $2.00go for98cin these sales. Watch our windows .for these values.twin Bros. Department Store$tb ana main $t$. Paris, titNtNckyWE GIVE BLUE STAMPSWe Know You'll WonderHow We Do ItBut how or why shouldn't matter. The talk of the town:Palm Beach Suits(the genuine article) in all colors and atyles, $8.50 to$10.00 values, going atYou'll have ta hurry, because they're going fast.SURPRISE SPECIAL No. 2All Our $2.00 and $2.50 Straw Hats $1 Cfor men, your choice T JSee our windows then hurry in while the pickiag. igpod.TWINHiCLthi4SliMO.lfis-"-. . -.tPromLexington ,KytWashable30 pairs of both fIVTIll VTUC V7IIICLINVILLE-I"H"i -I-I-!. t H'HlLWtllt4irtt.- tHMffh' ,FRIDAY, JULY 6, 1917."HE BOURBON NEWS, PARIS, KY.FAGSc'DO YOU HAVE DIZZY SPELLS?It's Important to Learn the Cause,As Many Paris People Have.Dizziness is never a disease ofitself it's only a symptom of somedeeper-seated trouble. Much dizziness is caused by disordered kidneysfailing to filter all tbe poisons fromthe blood. These poisons attack thenerves and dizziness, there is goodreason to suspect your kidneys, andif you suffer backache, headache,andi rregular kidney action, you havefurther proof. Many Paris peoplehave learned the value of Doan's Kidney Pills in just such cases. Readthis Paris resident's statement:Mrs. J. W. Markland, 326 EighthStreet, Paris, says: "Some few yearsago I suffered severely with kidneycomplaint and and sometimes was ina serious condition. I have had aconstant, d.ull ache across the smallof my back and I have had terribledizzy spells at times. I have usedDoan's Kidney Pills for this troubleand they have helped me more thananything else, always relieving meof the complaint."Price 50c, at all dealers. Don'tsimply ask for a kidney remedy getDoan's Kidney Pills the same thatMrs. Markland had. Foster-MilburnCo., Props., Buffalo, N. Y.(adv)"We presume that the man whomade a city ordinance against "unnecessary noises'- had in mind themotorcycle above everything else.We've noticed that the Paris manwho saves an old suit of clothes to gofishing in is the man who gets thefewest chances to go.ARE YOU ONE OF THEM?There are a great many peoplewho would be very much benefitedby taking Chamberlain's Tablets fora weak or disordered stomach. Areyou one of them? Mrs. M. It. Searl,Baldwinsville, N. Y relates her experience in the use of these tablets:"I had a bad spell with my stomachabout six months ago, and wastroubled for two or three weeks withgas and severe pains in the pit ofmy stomach. Our druggist advisedme to take Chamberlain's Tablets.I took a bottle home and the firstdose relieved me wonderfully, and Ikept on taking them until I wascured." These tablets do not relievepain, but after the pain has beenrelieved may prevent its recurrence.(adv)A New York paper predicts thateggs will go to a dollar a dozen nextwinter. If they do most of us willbuy ours one at atime.$1.50TOCincinnatiand Return-On Special Sunday Excursion onSunday, July 8thSpecial train leaves Paris 8:20a. m., arriving in Cincinnati at10:30 a, m.Returning leaves Cincinnati(4th Strest Station) at 7 p. m.W. V. SHAW, Agent.W. R. CLINKENBEARD, T. A.VTry a Package ofDarling'sMeatCrispsFor Your Little ChickensIt is Just the Thing.For Sale byW. C. D0DS0NSouth Main St.The Home of Good CoaltyhenyoufeelJZiuf discouragenerlSSSSSSSnaumurc sign jou uwuww - - - -- . -jPILLS: They renew the normal vigor an4make life worth living. Be wmrt aad k totMott'sNerrarmePilkKSaw-AEKDOKFErV Th Orvffjiet.II WEATHERBIGS OUTWHITE FROCKSALL-WHITE .HATS ALSO COMETO ACCOMPANY THEM.THE SLEEVELESSCOAT FOR SPORTSNEW YORK, July 3, 1917.Crisp, white frocks have alwaysbeen and will always be one of theessentials of the hot weather wardrobe. No matter what styles maybe in vogue, or what colors speciallyfavored, white will always beborught out as soon as it becomesunbearably hot, and the pretty embroidered voiles, organdies, handkerchief linens and batistes are alwaysto be counted on as the mainstaysfor these frocks.A charming summer model has along, straight tunic of flouncinghanging well below the knees overa plain foundation finished with adeep hem. The fulness of the tunicis laid in soft pleats at the waistline&&-,'VWHrAkiV U i.il-iii'.n im in;fa viSV! sfilter LIl- i S 8 I I&A Eot Weather Frock of Embroidered Batisteand topped by a shaped belt pointedin front like the top of the soft vestin the blouse. A long collar whichextends midway down the front isone of the attractive features of thesummery model which is illustratedhere.. White Hats Appear.The time has come not only forwhite frocks but for white hats, too.This season there are all kinds ofwhite hats, most of them entirelywhite, while now and again a brimhas an underfacing of black or navyblue, or a rolled-up brim displays atouch of color against the white.The hats of white crepe are veryfashionable and ever so dainty. Someare made altogether of crepe with atrimming of grosgrain ribbon or ofwhite satin and straight wide brimsof crepe or net. Flowers and finefeathers, are used by way of decoration in some instances. Anothertype of white hat in vogue is thesmall close-fitting feather turbanwhich is very attractive to wear withwhite dresses. There are veils, too,in infinite variety to complement allkinds of summer hats.The Sleeveless Sports CoatA new development in sportsclothes is the sleeveless coat, usuallymade of wool jersey in the gay color?so popular for sports. These add abright touch to the all-white costume and furnish that dash andgaiety which makes the sports clothesfor the country so thoroughly irresistible. The new sleeveless coatsare about hip length, and are cut onthe same simple, loose-fitting linesthat characterize all sports coats.They are usually belted and provided with pockets, both for utility andsmartness. Wjith shirtwaists of whitewash silk or crepe de Chine, andskirts of creme serge or silk, thewool jersey coats in light blue,green or rose color provide a striking contrast which can not fail toplease.Not unlike the sleeveless coat isthe long overblouse worn over aguimpe and hanging over the skirt inpeplum fashion. One of these is illustrated here forming a summer costume with a simple gathered skirt.I The material is organdie, and thetrimming filet lace. Wide bands offilet lace connect the front and backpanels of the overblouse simulatinglarge pockets over the hips. A belt.which is half organdie and half lacemarks the waistline, and the noveloutline of the neck is another featurewhich contributes to the unmistakable originality of the design.Organdie is used very freely forthe warm-weather frock, and certainly there is nothing' that looksdaintier or cooler. Pale shades of'Vf Nj.green and pink are as popular aswhite. .A! quaint, old-fashioned airprevades the frock made entirely of& Np 51iw bti! Ftfei s if''Pi1- 'Milj MOrgandies and Filet Lace FashionThis Modelorgandie and trimmed with manytiny ruffles of the same material.The ruffles are placed in rows at thesides of the skirt, and the bodice istopped with a fichu edged with narrow ruffles in some of the most attractive models.Navy-blue taffeta is coming backinto its own for the dark silk frocltto wear on the cooler summer days.These dresses are trimmed withheavy silk stitching, and the moreelaborate ones with beads and handembroidery. The slightly fitted bodice with a straight gathered skirt isagain in vogue for this type of frock.Collars of light pink, pale blue,white, or checked silk finish most ofthese frocks, many of which aremade with sleeves or some portion ofthe waist of blue Georgette to matchthe taffeta. Only by foulard is taffetarivaled, for the foulard dress whichwas introduced in the spring is stillholding sway. To vary the largopolka dots there are other newerspreading designs for those who mayhave tired of the coin dots.ts fe is -TEACHING THE VALUE"0F PURE,FRESH AIR.As a means of public health education the National Association for thoStudy and Prevention of Tuberculosis' has had a number of play written by teachers and other competentsocial workers to be acted by children, to teach the lessons of pure air.wholesome food, and proper living,and visualize those things that mustbe avoided.These plays, fifteen in number, canbe had for a small cost by addressingthe Association, at 105 East 2 2d St.,New York City. Community centers,churches, schools and civic organizations are asked to make use of them.The Association has also preparedhealth charts for the school room,which shows in the simplest and easiest way the rules to be observed toinsure good health and its blessings.These can also be had for a small sumand the State Board of TuberculosisCommissioners at Frankfort heartilycommend their use.IS E3 ISMonarch.X am the real ruler of the universe.I cover with dust the masterpieces ofthe earth. Ancient forms shrink before my ever awakening presence.And memory cowers. ,Men bow before my scepter likeslaves of the light And women, theirsyes fixed by my spell, follow where Ilead.The puny baby in the nursery andthe gray bearded patriarch alike hearken to my magic voice. I paint theearth with Clivers colors, and the scientist, the doctor, all the rulers of man,lwake to do my bidding.I am monarch of all I survey. Nonejsputes my eternal majestyMy name is Novelty. Life.Couldn't Corner Him.In the orchard of Jack's home wasone apple tree which bore particularlyfine apples ,and these Mere alwayssaved for special occasions. One day,however, the temptation proved toogreat for the small boy, and when hisfather looked for him he found him inthe prize apple tree. "Jack," he called,"what are you doing up there?" "O,"replied Jack, with elaborate indifference. " I just climbed up here to cooloff."Feared Enri of World."During the dark ages it was thecommon belief that the world was coming to an end in the year 1000, whichnaturally, had a terrorizing effect onthe people.DOING GOOD.Few medicines have met withmore favor or accomplished moregood than Chamberlain's Colic andDiarrhoea Remedy. John F. Jantzen,Delmeny, Saskj, says of it, "I haveused 'Chamberlain's Colic and Diarrhoea Remedy myself and in myfamily, and can recommend it as being an exceptionally fine preparation." .(adv)WAR PLANTS ARE REGULATEDThere Has Been Very Little DirectManagement of Business by GreatBritain and France, However.Contrary to the common understanding in the United States there hasbeen very little direct management ofbusiness by the governments of GreatBritain and France in those countriessince the war began, according to areport on "the relation of the government to war industry," made to theNational Civic federation by Prof. Jeremiah W. Jenks.There has been, however, ProfessorJenks explains, a "rather strict regulation of industries producing or handling war supplies, but virtually no direct management of business outsidethe regular government 'arsenals andcertain special factories, few in number, built by or for the British government. The power given the British government under the defense ofthe realm act is outlined in the reportas follows : S"To require any work in any factoryor workshop to be done in accordancewith the directions of the government."To regulate or restrict the carrying on of work in any factory or workshop or to remove the plant."To take possession of any unoccupied premises for war purposes."In actual practice, the governmentgets its work done:"By paying liberal prices to establishments for all work done whileguarding against monopolistic or otherextortionate prices."By restricting or forbidding themaking of certain classes of goodsnot needed for war purposes."By prescribing rigidly the order inwhich the various classes of work areto be finished and delivered."By regulating through various restrictions the distribution of the supply of labor and the conditions underwhich work shall be done."While the government does not directly manage establishments," Professor Jenks says, "it does tell what todo, determine the order of work, control transport of goods and materialsin proper order, foibid workmen whoare needed for production of munitions to enlist and forbid trade exceptunder license."These regulations," he says, "areenforced by a committee of subordinates acting in a friendly way byunanimous agreement. Their decisions are on disputed questions laidbefore them, and are subject to an appeal to their superior officers. Theirclassifications may be put into 'effectby employers or contractors subjectlikewise to an appeal. Disputes of allkinds regarding prices, wages and conditions of labor are settled by committees representing all parties."Estate of Eccentric Irishwoman.A very eccentric lady died in CountyMeath, says a London correspondent.After the lady's death no will couldbe found, and it was thought she haddied intestate. The solicitor for theperson believed to be next of kin spentabout 40 days in the house goingthrough the most extraordinary accumulation of papers, documents andvaluable property that filled the rooms,in the house and even the hall. Notonly every room, but every corridorwas piled high with loose papers,books and parcels of all sizes and de-"Kcriptions, and the litter on the stairswas almost knee deep. Various sumsof money were found in very peculiarand unlikely places ; in rubbish on thefloors, in band boxes, and in a purse,and two bank notes for 1 were actually found glued to the floor. Thelawyers recovered an immense amountof property, including 7,000 in banknotes and securities of' every kind.They also discovered the lady's will,under which various charities muchbenefited.Bridge Has Trestle in Center.A bridge has recently been completed by the Burlington railroadacross the Platte river at Yutan, Neb.,which has girders at either end, whilethe center is trestlework. -This unusual form of bridge construction is described in the Popular Mechanics Magazine. At Yutan the stream oftenoverflows7, becoming over half a milewide, and in winter destructive icejams have formed on it. With aview to providing a bridge strongenough to resist the ice and yet notexcessive in cost, the width of thePlatte was decreased at this pointfrom 2,000 feet to about 1,380 feet bybuilding an embankment on one side.This intensified the two currents thatflowed near the two banks and automatically deepened their channels, sothat the ice was more easily carriedoff in spring. The two current bedswere spanned by girders placed onpiers, set 75 feet apart, while betweenthese there was built a trestle 700 feetlong.! 1-In Days of Hard Drinking.In the days of George IV, when ability to drink hard was regarded as amark of distinction, everyglass on thetable was dedicated to one or otherdignitary. The guest who dared toomit any part of this elaborate bacchanalian routine was looked upon andtreated as an unclubable fellow, thespirit being identical with that of the"bad man" of Bret Harte's stories whoemptied his pistol into anyone who refused to drink with him.A Poor Counter."He's an expert accountantw"I don't believe it." s"Why not?""1 played golf with him the otherday and the scores he handed in con-J vinced me that he hadneTer ataditdarithmetic." . .Start NowTo Make Your Tire EquipmentFISKgEGIN NOW by getting a Fisk for your-f spare rim. Thousands of today's usersof complete Fisk equipment began yearsago with the purchase of a single tire. Experience proved to them that the famousrisk Non-Skid is the greatest dollar-for-dollartire value on the market and thestandard of Fisk Quality is higher todaythan ever.Fisk Tires For Sale ByOPPORTUNITY!Mr. R. F. Clendenin, Associate General Agent forthe Northwestern Mutual Life Insurance Company, inone day recently, sold $100,000 worth of life insuranceover local and long distance lines of the Home TelephoneCompany and because of such an amount of businessaccumulated in one day, he divides the honors with usfor the efficient telephone service rendered. This is asplendid record for both Telephone and Insurance Companies. Mr. Clendenin says; "The service I get from yourCompany is all that I could ask, and on the closing dayof my campaign I used it with wonderful success.'Such an opportunity in facilitating business should,be grasped by the public in general in employing co-operation,efficiency and confidence. - .Peris Heme Telephone 5 Telegraph Co.(Incorporated)J. Jv VEATCH, District Manager.W. H. CANNON,Local Manager.Bourbon LaundryDWIS & FUNK, Props.Telephone No. 4. West 5 Street::Bourbon Laundry,Paris Kentucky.OIiv Trt.Olive trees produce alternate crops,full yield generally being followed bya scanty one the next year.Correct EnglishHOW TO USE IT.A MONTHLY MAGAZINE,Josephine Turck Baker, Editor.For Progressive Men and Women,Business and Professional; Club Women, Teachers, Students, Ministers,Doctors, Lawyers, Stenographers, andtor all -who wish to Speak and WriteCorrect English Special r FeatureMonth r Your Every-Day Vocabulary ;How to Enlarge it Sample Copy lpc.Subscription PricerJ2 -Tear. -EVANSTON. ILLINOIS vIra Parks & SonC. S. Ball GarageTHOMAS K. UMiTH,Cashier.MlSatisfaction is Oar1 Watchwordj With all the latest im-I provements in laundry1 appliances and experthelpers we are prepared" none, and solicit yourjipatronage.-iKENTUCKY TRACTION& TERMINAL COMPANYInterurban Schedule.CARS LEAVE10:05 d. m.ParisforLexington6:45 a. m.7:30 a. m.8:15 a. m.9:00 a. m9;45 a. m.11:15 a. m.12:45 p. m.2:15 p. in.3:45 p. m.4:30 j. l.. :lS-pVnt.:ip. im.:lar.iv.;,l:l.,M.11:00. p. m.rLeximgtom'foeSParted:0earm.,7:2 a. m.8:00 .,jbl ,8:59 twm., 19:30 a11:50 a1:3 13:St '4:M iis v - .ftirsVfrwitsL-rJ? 2- si-j.y -H'-'-flj". vPAGE EIGHTTHE BOURBON NEWS, PARIS, KY.FRIDAY; JULTQI, 11T.' . -.fJMILLERSBURGRELIGIOUS.DEATHS.MATRIMONIAL.,l .-,3,-"Miss Katherine Taylor, of Paris,Is visiting friends here.rMrs. Rice, of Lexington, is theguest of Mr. and Mrs. A. J. Thaxton. Mesdames J. P. Redmon and3ruce McMahan continue to improveslowly.Miss Lyda Rice, of Hutchison, isthe guest of her sister, Mrs. F. B.Peterson.Mrs. Jennie Lyle, of Louisville,is the guest of her aunt, Mrs. Sue. Sandusky.Mr. P. L. Dimmitt has purchaseda handsome new five passengerHaines automobile.Mr. J: W. Boulden, of Maysville.arrived Saturday as the guest of hisniece, Mrs. A. S. Best.Mrs. R. L. Buffingtoh, of Wheeling, TV. Va., is the guest of her sister, Mrs. W. M. Miller.Mr. Venable, of Sherman, Texas,and Miss Venable, of Lexington, areguests of Rev. and Mrs. A. S. Venable. Mrs. J. H. Miller returned to herhome at Barksdale, Ark., Monday, after a three-weeks' visit to her parents, Dr. and Mrs. W. G. Dailey.The fourth annual Chautauquawas continued. Monday afternoon-with Judge Lee S. Estelle, ofOmaha, Neb., as lecturer, and MissElma B. Smith as reader in childdialect. Mi Smith read in the afternoon and evening. She is giftedin her line and her simple child dialect arrested the attention of allwho neard her. Her imitations of atwo-days'-old baby were perfect.Judge Estelle in his address gavemany of his experiences as Judge ofthe Juvenile Court, and pointed outto friends and patrons wherein laythe eecret of so many young peoplegoing wrong.-The meeting was continued at 8p. m. Monday, and after miscellaneous ding's by Miss Smith, Dr.Jj. G. Gilbert, of Ohio, was introduced. He is indeed a live wire inevery respect. He caught his audience" the moment he stepped on theplaiform and held them until he hadconcluded his last sentence. His'subject was "The Crisis and theCall," and he handled it well. Hepaid his respects in no uncompromising terms to any and all Americancitizens wlib were not loyal to thegovernment in these hours of crisis.His address was a masterpiece. OnTuesday afternoon the HinshawOpera Company gave a forty-fiveminutes prelude in attractive songs,and was followed by Dr. D. D.Vaughn, of Chicago, in anotherequally brilliant address on "Amer-ican Ideals," giving six cardinalpoints, dwelling at considerablelength upon each point. He wasbrilliant "through his entire address,and, like Dr. Herbert, was the re1ception of numerous applause.The Chautauqua was continuedTuesday at 8 p. m.f at which timethe Hinshaw Opera Co. put on thepopular opera "Mikado, which wasespecially well rendered. Theywere the reception Df many enchores. Another large audience assembled under the big tent at 2 p. m.Wednesday, when the Franko-Bal-kanBand gave an interesting prelude on stringed instruments oftheir native country, playing largelytheir native music, which is indeedfull of melody, closing their preludswith a melody of American airs. Thelecture of the afternoon was delivered by Capt. Vickers, an Englishman, who served in the trenches"during the present European war.He gave a description of life in thetrenches, and warned us that wemust be careful as to the characterof men we send to France, that wewere contending against well-trainedsoldiers, and without discipline ormilitary training could not do the-work. His lecture aroused a spiritof partiotism. At the close of the afternoon session of the Chautauquathe C. W. T. U. and Red Cross organizations gave a parade, which wasin keeping with the time and the occation. This parade was gotten upon short notice and reflects greatcredit on its managers. Everythingin it was certainly appropriate, andthe great spirit of patriotism wasagain aroused all along the line ofmarch. A district conference was insession at the colored Methodistchurch, and as the parade passed thechurch the members of the conference lined up on the sidewalk anI.sjeang "America."il fe fe Raw-.r.ij , u-w 5autu jnuw in use." - ! .WMWi .--f Autoists and others who 'have occasion to drive over the Maysville and'Paris pike will be glad to learn thatthe new steel bridge over the LickingRiver at Blue Lick Springs has -aslast been completed and thrown opento the traveling public. The bridgehas been under construction for near. ly a year, and is a fine piece of work.tit replaces the old suspension bridgewhich had spanned the Licking at&at point for many years. The newfcrjdg" is supported on concrete piers.One of the first vehicles to passover the bridge was the big motortruck of the Paris Milling Company,driven by Mr. Henry Shout. At thetime Mr. Shout made the passage theApproaches to the bridge had notn completed, but he simply had toavoid tfeat long-way-around jouraey,so he bribed some of the workmento lay a temprorary .track to theftrlift at pMed ftcroM Ik ty-Services will be held in all theParis churches at the usual hoursSunday morning and evening.The following new officers havebeen elected by the members of theMission Band of the North Middletown Christian church: Miss Elizabeth Caywood, president; Miss EmmaLouise Collins, vice-president; MissLoell Hefley, secretary; Miss Margaret Skillman, assistant secretary:Miss Josephine Judy, treasurer.The Mission Circle of the ParisChristian church will meet with Mrs.W. V. Shaw at the parsonage nextTuesday afternon at three o'clock. Agood attendance is very much desired. The Womans' Society of thechurch will meet in the church parlors at 3:30 Tuesday afternoon. ThisSociety will have but one meetingeach during the months of July andAugust.The revival meeting which is being conducted at the Spears MillBaptist church, at Shakespeare, thiscounty, by Rev. Ernest T. Mangum,will continue throughout the week.Services are held each night, beginning at eight o'clock. The song service at the meeting are in charge ofRev. E. H. Summers, of Georgetown.Rev. Mangum is a brother of Rev. 0.R. Mangum, pastor of the Paris Baptist church.The Endeavor Society of theChristian church will have. its regular meeting in the church parlors atthe usual hour Sunday evening. Thesubject will be "Tried and Proved;"leader, Mr. Robert Hall. The Mission Band will meet in the churchparlors Monday afternoon at 2:30o'clock. The advanced teachers'training class will meet with Mrs.Moore at her home on Fifteenthstreet, on Monday afternoon at fouro'clock.fe IS ISEVANGELISTIC MEETINGThe tent meeting which has beenin progress on Cypress street underthe auspices of Evengelists Hobbs andHerrington, continue to attractlarge audiences, despite counter attractions. The meeting was to hav?closed last Sunday night, but on account of the renewed interest it wasdecided to continue it through nextSunday.Rev. J. J. Dickey, pastor of theHutchison Chapel at Hutchison, wasin attendance on the meeting recently and assisted in the services. Evangelist Hobbs held his first revival services for Rev. Dickey while a studentat Asbury College. The evangelistshave been very successful in their efforts. Their expenses have been metby free-will offerings taken eachnight, wrhich have always been verygenerous.153 S TSSAFE AND SANE FOURTH HERE.It was a perfectly safe and saneFourth of July in Paris, all right.Wednesday. It was as dull as theproverbial meat-axe that figures inthe sayings of the long ago. Most ofthe stores, the postoffice and bankswere closed and the 'employes foundpleasures during the day in variousways. Some took their vacation onStoner Creek, with fishing kits, whilea large number went to the big bathing beach at Boonesboro. Many wentto the Bluegrass Park at Lexington,and others went to Cincinnati.Except for the occasional explosionof a bunch of firecrackers and therattle and roll of some larger kind,the day was a very quiet one, andpassed off without incident of anykind. There was nothing to indicatethe day but the calendar, and thatwasn't working very hard on the job.Flags and bunting were generouslydisplayed in many places, and whatlittle enthusiasm might have beenlooking for an outlet, soon settleddown to the quiet zone.H3 fe fe..G3 IN THE HOMES OP THEGOAT.. &wMThe newly-elected officers of Bourbon Lodge No. 26, I. 0. O. F wereguests of the members of tllS lodgeat a banquet held in the lodge rooms'.in the Odd Fellows Temple, at thecorner of Main and Fifth streets,Monday night. Refreshments wereserved, and after the plates had been-cleared away cigars were produced,and a smoker enjoyed. The new officers will be installed at the meetingto be held in the lodge room nextMonday night.At the late meeting of BourbonCouncil No. 127, Junior Order ofUnited American Mechanics, held intheir lodge room the newly-electedofficers were installed by DeputyGrand Counselor A. R. Dennison. After transaction of the routine business a social hour was enjoyed bythe members.la Ps isGOV. STANLEY APPOINTS EXEMPTION APPEAL BOARDSHaving divided the State intothree districts for Board of Exemption arpeals, Governor Stanley willannounce the members of the appealboards as soon as President Wilsonapproves the appointments. One district is composed of all the countiesin western and southern Kentucky,west of Breckinridge, Grayson, Bar-Ten and Edmonson counties. Another district comprises the countiesof the Hasten. Kentucky FederalCourt district; the remaining districtcomprJim th 6b 6 the oou&tfein th State. - ..McNAMARA.Mrs. Margaret McNamara, formerly of Mt. Sterling, died at herhome in Covington, Sunday, from anacute attack of kidney trouble. Shewas a daughter of the late Mr. JohnCorbett, well-known in Paris, andwas one of the most popular womenin her home town. She is survivedby one daughter, Mrs. Clarence Wetherall, formerly of Paris, now residingin Detroit, Mich., and one son, Mr.Daniel McNamara, of Denver, Colo.The funeral was held at St. Mary'sCathedral, in Covington, at nineo'clock, Tuesday morning, followedby burial in the Catholic Cemetery inCovington.AYERS.' Col. Mott Ayres, former residentof Kentucky, where he was for manyyears prominently identified withpolitical events, died at his home inLaurel, Miss., where he had been residing for several years past.During his residence in Kentucky,Col. Ayers was editor of the DailyLeader at Fulton, and was recognizedas a brainy man. He was editor of adaily paper at Laurel, Miss., at thetime of his death, and had recentlybeen appointed a Colonel on the Governor's staff.Col. Ayers married Miss Mary Miller Coleman, daughter of Mr. andMrs. Geo. Coleman,-of Mt. Sterling.Besides his wife he is survived bytwo daughters, one by a former marriage. The body was sent to Fulton wherethe funeral took place Wednesday.MORAL DON'T ORDER LKIUORSBY EXPRESS.Under a recent ruling of the AdamsExpress Company persons receivingshipments of intoxicating liquors atlocal option points in Kentucky musthereafter make an affidavit before aJustice of the Peace or Notary Publicthat they are of legal age; that thesaid liquor is for personal use, and idnot to be used in violation of thelaws of the State of Kentucky, andfurther that they do not hold a Federal license for the sale of liquors.In addition to the affidavit the personto whom the liquor is consigned mustsign a record book provided and keptby the express company as requiredby lav, which is open to inspectionof city, county and State officers.The regulation also prohibits theshipment of booze other than beer inpint or half pint bottles. The agentsare required to preserve the affidavits. This ruling should make the enforcement of the local option lawssome easier, as bootleggers who signsuch an affidavit and are afterwardcaught selling liquor may be prosecuted for perjury, which is a penitentiary offense.E3 Ba fePERTINENT PARIS PARAGRAPHS."There was never another bargainequal to that of buying liberty bondon the installment plan. Thus youbecome a financial backer of worlddemocracy."Mr. Hoover is to have charge offood control but there are severalthousand crack-brained Americanswho haven't yet decided who shallhave charge of birth control.We might suggest to Mr. and Mrs.Moore, of Pleasant street, that theyguard carefully the American beautyrose bush which bears pink peonies'for it might aurn out a couple of potatoes, and an onion before the season is over.Lots of men know their possibilities, but its a wise one whoknows his limitations.What Germany doesn't know aboutour' war preparations isn't going tohurt her until later on.Maybe the reason there is a shortage of tin . cans is they're buyingthem up to tie on the Kings an$ g,Kaiser,t Not having heard anything fromher recently we take it for grantedthat the Deutschland has slipped aneccentric.Another thing to worry about isthat for the past several weeks noman has been able to tell by his"corns what kind of weather was coming. 'If you feel you can't get intotrouble any other way, why don'tyou try telling your wife everything.Wouldn't this be a glorious townif there was a bounty on dandelionblooms?Quite a number of Paris gardenswhich recently complained of beingfrostbitten are now convalescing.M. Nicotin is the name of the newRussian minister of justice. Watchthe Anti-Cigarette League start ayell.Now that golfers are giving 10c around to the Red Cross there seemsto be pome excuse for a man playing:golf. '"We suggest to our food commissioner that he try and find a fewmore things for the garden as faithful as rhubarb.-- vBilly Sunday doesn't do anythingor Anybody on Monday. Why notlet Mm peddle ,a few Liberty bonds7June being the month of rosesand June brides, seventeen couplesput themselves on record in the officeof County Clerk Pearce Paton withapplications for marriage licenses.This number is an increase of sevenover the same month in 1916, whenonly ten licenses were issued forparties seeking double blessedness.SCOTT SHANKS.A marriage license was issuedfrom the office of County Clerk PearcePaton, Wednesday, to Mr. EdgarShanks and Miss Mattie Scott, bothof the Ruddles Mills vicinity.Clerk Paton also issued a marriagelicense to Mr. Homer E. Carter andMiss Rhoda Bell, both of Bourboncounty.IS fe feTHE PEOPLE HAVE SPOKENThe United States Governmentasked a loan of the people of $2,000,000,000 for war purposes. The people promptly responded by offeringneary $3,000,000,000 and this tremendous sum was subscribed in allwalks of life, from the millionairedown to the laboring man with noth-l ing but his weekly pay to draw from.Even young working girls and littleBoy Scouts dug down when UncleSam sent forth his request for financial aid. It is significant that thefirst loan of the war is also the greatest loan in the history of the world,and fifty per cent overscrubscribed atthat.The Kaiser and the Germans shouldworry!t ijfeWHAT'S YOUR NUMBER?If the present system of numbering the houses in Paris turns out tobe the proper thing" it will be a greatthing for the citizens and for thelocal postoffice force. "Direct yourmail to street and number" will bethe slogan.A slip has been left in svery business house and residence in Paris andsuburbs, including all the additions,showing the number of the house.The owners or occupants of the business house or residence should securetheir numbers and have them placedin position before they lose theirslips. A city ordinance makes numbering of houses compulsory, subjectto a fine for non-obesrvance.Ea Iei mThey tell us that the bathingskirt of yesterday is the walkingskirt of to-day. That's what makesus 'want to stick around .and seewhat the bathing skirt of to-morrowis going to be.yGrSHOESealwmmmKmmmrr ""mtwbiOffering in the beginning of the season greatbargains in high grade footwear. If you needshoes now, or will need them in the future, nowis the time to buy Visit our store, compare theQuality and prices, and you will surely appreciatethe wonderful bargains. vLadies White Kid or Rich Brown - -Russ. Tan Boots $4.95Ladies' Gray and White Kid Ka- -tinka Pumps 3.45Ladies' White Canv. Sea Island ABoots and Pumps 1 .99Ladies' Canvas Strap Pumps . , .at 1.49Ladies' Kid Lace Boots and Pumps ,-which add grace to your foot. . . 1.99Ladies' Pat. Dull KidBoots and Pumps at 2.49Ladies' Pat. and Gun Metal Shoes ,-and Pumps at 1.99Boys', Misses'Paris' Greatest Shoe StoreIMPROVEDMccormickBINDERJL9iJL4y-v, -Ji yi7 -- jfrl LaaBivic lSfl "- wf, wf ft'iw TDT""1 r lW5r ifa?ISPTKiMKglMra" t-"51 j5pBJMWR8MnySBMi--flfVi wiIIIIbTHE GRAIN GROWERwill find the McCormick Improved Binder a machine that is simple in construction, easy to operateand that will f uccessf ully harvest grain under everycondition, whether it he short or tall, even, tangledor full of undergrowth.The large number of McCormickBinders in use all over the worldis a sure sign of satisfaction.Be On the Safe SideBuy a McCormick!C.S.i5Cor. Fourth andIn Men's, Ladies',Boys' and Girls'Footwear !aBargWe Bought Too HeavyUnseasonable weatherleaves us with an enormousstock of Summer Footwear.Prices Cut Deep Iand Children's Shoes and Slippers AtGreat Bargain Prices.DAN COHENOaragePleasant St. .wmiainsoxFORDSMen's Russian Tan English ,Shoes and Oxfords, W.-0...$4.00 UpMS?,slat- Calf En2- and MediumToe Shoes and Oxfords, W.-O. . . .$3.50Men's G. M.and Tan Shoes and Ox- , ifords, Walk-Over and Beacon . . . 3.49Men.s Gun Metal, Button andandLace, welts 2.99Men's Tan and Gun Metal Oxfords ,at 2.49Men's Gun Metal High Shoes and ,Oxfords 1.99Where Beauty and Economy Rejf