' .V" ' tS J sty lVt-. ;Vr v-THE BOURBON NEWS9PUBLISHED EVERY TUESDAY AND FRIDAY IN THE YEAR.7 .jWE't?fi i-n-YOLUME XXXVI.PARIS, BOURBON COUNTY, KENTUCKY, FRIDAY, FEBRUARY 9, 1917.rt1m--4&t.vGermany Stands By Submarine PolicyAH Hope Now Shattered That RuthlessnessWill Be Restricted.The News Told Inlins From TheShort Bulle.AssociatedPress Dispatches.The latest bulletins received ud tothe time THE NEWS went to presslast night gave the inference that the.. .. . ..German Government had broken allpiedges to President Wilson and thatW2r was now a certainity. The steamerTurvino was sunk by a German sul;-marine, and an American negro nam-ed George Washington was killed, ac-cording to a report received at theAmerican tmoessay. une ot me sur-vivuii wc wciivm octy, on nuici n-aiicitizen of Fillmore, Utah. PresidentWilson was notified and immediatelywent to the State, War and Navy Buildinq. The President and his advisersseem to be still waiting for some "overtact" before beainnino actual hostmties, though preparations are beingmade to meet any emergency that mayarise.NEW YORK, FpI). 8. It is said thatGermans on passenger vessels held inNew York harbor weie informed bycode message from Washington thatabreak had occurrea and immediatelyboganran using axes and crowbars to de-stroy engines. Thirty million dollar.'damage was dom1 while the U. S. neiiLntlity squads stood by nelpless.WASHINGTON. Feb. S. The grimdftiennination of the Administration isBitastrated by th; autlioiitative state-mnt that if it s'.iould become nece-sary to declare v.ar, it will be don-;without addressing any communica-tion to Germany.Congress and r'l executive depart-ments of the Government were pro-gressing in their preparation for anyeventualities. The Government is sti'.lwaitinc Should no overt act by Ger-ntany follow, war will be avoided.WASHINGTON. Feb. 8. Latest advice from. Germanv is that the Kaiser.?reply to the Presidents note severingdiplomatic relations is now being pre- WASHINGTON, Feb. 8. Millionspared1 and will be forwarded to the were approprjated in minutes in theUnited States within the next twenty- Housej Tuesday, when the fear of warfourliours. It serins to be the general Detweeil the United States and Geropinion that the Kaiser's reply will be many caused increases aggregatinga declaration of war. $15,000,000 to be put into the Naval. ADDroDriation Bill.WAS HI IN li IU IN. reo. o. Aiue auici-ican liner St. Louis will not be givenrALatorBaS-oy if she ecidr to .sail for anta convinnd tiirnneta. th'i German submarinezone, it was announced at the StateDepartment Tuesday.The government is acting on the policy that Americans have an inalienableright to traverse the high seas, thatthe German submarine blockade is entirely illegal, and that any sinking ofAmerican ships in contravention of lawwould immediately lead to hostilities.by a cablegram to the State Depart- years, having been in the county's ser- person before the primary and until 1PHILADELPHIA, 1 A., Feb. 8. Chas. ment from Consul Frost at Queenstown vce as County Road Engineer, and can iliave that opportunity I respec'J Hexamer president of the National announcing that tdie British passenger Magistrate. He has a good record be- fully ask that you withhold yourGerman-American Alliance, the mem- liner California, had been torpedoed lund him in. these offices, and his ex- .pledge for this ollice until I may prehershin of which in the United States without warning, and that an Ameri- tensive acquaintance with the people ( sent my claims.is said to be 3 000,000, pledged ihis loy- can citizen was among the survivors, of Paris will .make him a most formid-, P. A. THOMPSON.altr to this countrv. In reply to criti- whether this will prove to be the able contender for the office of Police 'oisrn because of his advocacy of a rer overt act to drive the United States Judge. Mr. Redmon has also been PARIS BASKET BALL TEAMerendum vote of the people before wai into war, no one would attempt to say. prominent in the tobacco business, and TO PLAY AT WINCHESTERcan be declared, Mr Hexatoer author- President Wilson, who must make the is at present conducting the Chevroleti7Pd the following statement: decision, had retired when the news Garage in this city. The basket ball team ot the Paris"If it came uar I would stand caime and officials did not awake him.1 Mr. Brown has been a resident of the ' High School will play a double-headeri v.v,; .: TTnitPd States a'nd T.tP in thP afternoon he had been in- State for the ,past fifteen years, having at Winchester this afternoon at 3:15would uphold anvthing this, my country, (might set out. to do."WASHINGTON, Feb. 8. Germany .- warning or the presence of Americanssubmarine warfare apparently isgnw a later report stated that the AmeriTng in intensity. Tuesday's report can. j0m a. Lee, of Montgomery, Ala.,show tiliat underwater boats probably had been saved,have accounted for fifteen i additionalrp;qpl5 seven neutral ana eiguu 't-Irent of '46,763 tons. Eight of themare known to have been sunK, one ip,i in have been "torpedoed,and the others are "believedbeen sent to the bottom.to lmvftoTXTnT-riM reh 8 EnginesWASHING lUN ' " mer.and boliers oil ji i " Hawaiiancuant vesbeia race track withhl tenislands have en d,sa wej hayp ru Qf ft having a population 0fcrews. Crews ol t "J r. while the 200 000 should offer any purse lessbeen taken into c""'vessels arc than $800 and no race-track shouldcrews ot toe seven . statioa. offer any purse less than ?600. Thedetained at tneinnu'i.'1 i Douglas Park Jockey Club opposed the"-" 1 H QTermairrule on the ground that the Legisla-WASHINGTON, eD. "?- t rmil(1 not delegate to the Statecitizens mKentucky s-lb " .tion ot any sou u -----.. riiriiiii t t e v iv -rSwiss Consul at Cincinnati.ansul at Cincumau. " .iinpiiniH.Li. s-t-t- -German consuib wi "',:r Mprfrpr?SJKS."VAl be T turned over to;. and the wont ol ouuou. ... ... T. ..-i-non nvi'.i nat Cincinnau " ":. in cin--Edmund Luthy, whose aaarSb ponsuleinnati is 1204 Vine street, v.,r v. tprr-itnrv Was the same eta-Uftzcar's territory was tne f" .MtrS-thTs- Consul, hrjem.u4- f thP Swiss Consul, cf""1 ju &the States of Ohio, iiiuwuo.-ossee.AMSTERDAM, by way of Londontxibutea a mc f"--',,;. frnst.n.. TJnnfpr. Tlie prevciiuutjuujici xv. - - - .otn cnnniv.XIIU H'-'has greatlv imDedeu u1 ,V h,Vt the ; -Ratterton of Paris, who lias oeen conaccording to the controller put i 'j' grocery and ice-cream busi-an tnvernment has promised sup aucunt, J , Iain and seventnovrumii &u -.i . -,!,plies from Roumania m ii-WASHINGTUiN, ru. - --fhpr'hic? liabilities at ?5,ui4.i, witn asseui alternates win oe selected to repre-mays uaviug uceu JUOu a uu, "f--. -dinlrlnatshere frankly express uieir 111s 11 w -7000 agisting of his st ock, sent the Chapter at the National Con- on September seventh, and the other-. TTTXTrrPrirI KAD. O. iUlcul'v'lume that the United States wxii "res"' etc Mr. Batterton has Iften gress of the D. A. R., whioJi wiU be, on the eiith day or tne montu. AneySally enter the war. Several of te fi fon but a few months, ueld in Wasnington, D. C, in AriL' have three children, Mr Isaac Reynaomauj cu. ,. fl. !. itbe Known in nis new v u,.i. m.. u tn .i , mu..fL.. ii f tviie mnntv! Mrs. Louis Haean,allied repre9m-" w ",j-',f r kiTinr WOTea mere uum u -that they attain lriSar JhePramxfort & CincinnatiGermany jielibwy J order tothi country- inhold American munitions and supplieshere, thus cutting off imports to theTT'nfiTvtfv - To Vlir ym rrr ffrf Jrrvl-""" yiuuauij muic cucv.i.ii;ijUian any single step that the CentralPmvorc Vni,ii HiroPowers could take.COPEHAGAN. Feb. S. (Bv war ofTnnHnif ,- mTi cfot,i tuf.lamp w RPmr.l ti,P Ampriran a-- - -- -- -- - .bassador to Germany, will not be al-lowed to leave Berlin until the Ger-?nan Government is satisfied as to thetreatment of Count von Bemstorff, theGerman Ambassador at Washington,Dy the American government.COPENHAGEN, Feb 8. (By way ofLondon) A dispatch receiveduRurlin hv thP KPrlmskP TirlPnrlP avsJames W. Gerard, the retiring American Ambassador to Germany, has advised the American newspaper correspondents to leave Germany as soon aspossible and to proceed the safest wayto the United States by way otSwitzerland or Spain. The Ambassador, adds the dispatch, will stay forsomedays in Berlin settling up urgentbusiness matters.WASHINGTON, Feb. 8. InlandSwitzerland is providing herself witha merchant fleet to transport toodfrom abroad. Dispatches to the Com-merce Department said a number olvessels were being leased by theSwiss Government from neutralEuropean States to be put into immenmp.rdiate service.LOUISVILLE, KY Feb. 8. Elevendistilling plants in the State of Kentucky were placed at the disposal ofthe United States for the productionof alcohol to be used in the manufac-ture of .munitions, in a telegram sentto the Secretary of War by J. B.Wathen, Jr.. president of the Kentucky Distillers & Wholesale LiquorDealers' Association. His action wasauthorized at a meeting of the Execu-tive Cqmmittee of the distillersnization held in Louisville.Practically without debate and witnR ,PPositio.n.' appropriations for armyand ammunition for merchant ships tooe converteu into auxiliary ciuibtsibiuanti-aircraft guns and for ammunitionfor the navy were doubled and treblecwithin an hour.WASHINGTON, Feb 8. The steadystream of reports telling of the de -struction of merchant ships by Germansubmarines was brought to a climaxformed of a message from ConsulFrost, telling of the sinking of the Califnrniji hut. erivinir no details as touuuk i ur Mr-r-cz-n-o wr-( HOLDS RACING AUTHORITY.ti,p Cnnrt of Anneals at Frankfort,rr,,i,r offiT-mPfi tiiP .Tfiffp.rson CircuitCourt in the case of the Douglas Parkwvpv Club atrainst T. Hart Talbott,of Paris, vie e-president of the Ken-tucky Racing Commission.The Racing Commission passed a,-- Commission power to fix the, tnmmint of nurses; that it dia not, in- - ... i i.T. -i. ai.. delegate this power, and tliat the-..ig adopted was a discrimination m, a T.pvinirton track deprivingfavor ofidvui v- w othe other race tracKS oi tneir yiup-ertv wiUiout due process of law, andVailing to afford an equal proportion ofuiiuub w --Va Aj n rp-tracks of their prop-.. tn all race tracks. As a re-, . - .Uyx n;c.irti Hip State. Racinei cmr ni i.iit- u.30i9Ay..t ww -r-Commission has the authority to fixthe amount or purses ou uiBttC..i;np tracks under its supervision.race tracks under its supervFILES PETITION INBANNnurioi rivw-w.. ja HHnn in involuntary bankruptcywasfiledT T IP MSLUCL VjUUII 'i - i- i. j Oj-fciT4- of. rplllic,iv hv Mr. James It..by Mr. James K.,: H'raniu.uit, x rf. -- - m' eetsIn taie petition Mr. Batterton placedVaUroad crowing on souta Mam atreei.TTHE TOBACCO MARKET.I Owing to the extreme cold weatherand the difficulty of handling and hauting tobacco no sales were held at anyof the Paris warehouses until Wednesday, when the Paris -Warehouse soldj 18,577 pounds for $3,672.56, an average of $19.77.The American Tobacco Company.withdrew their buyers from the Mays-fV"" " , """" UUL "??! hl be llly te-mp?ary;, ?vine marKet weunesuay, out it iscould give a reason, only that their in-ol .f;,x e 1 i .-J ..."" " "- Vi q V , ," ,cease buying. The market declined ,under this announcement. iUC lvlumid,ai "L tue ""The withdrawal of the American To-Dacco company s buyers tlirougnouf-tlle Central Kentucky Burley district isi. i.i. !,.. n ii ii i iprobably because of the threatened should be filled by an active attorney C. E. Sanford, Crrlisle, Nicholas coun- put up as a whole, Mr. Dalzell beincwar, according to p statement to THE of scne years experience, inasmuch a: ty; E. K. Renaker and Basil Barry, the purchaser.NEWS from a local dealer Wednesday , tiie questions involved in this Court, Harrison county; Charles Peters, Marl: The place has a two-story brick re2as the largest plants are across the are always of a legal nature, and, nee- Hendricks. Fleming county; W. W. ' dence of eleven rooms and kitchen andocean. It is probable no onore tobacco essarily, an experienced lawyer only Haley, V. W. Ferguson, T. H. Clay, Jr , has other substantial improyements.will be bought by them so long as tludiplomatic relations between the United States and Germany remain broken.nr until nrncojif nrtwHf inns oit 1-rf-Itered.BOURBON THURSDAY, FEB. 8.The Bourbon Tobacco Warehousesold yesterday 32,275 pounds of tobaccofor $5,757.26, an average of $17.85.The quality of the day's sale was poor.The market, while not as high as atone tfmef was still very satisfactory .and there were no rejections. All of jthe buyers were on the sale and all lbuying. A few crop averages follow !Barton & Ewing, 2,840 pounds, avcbnft:""u ' ,.;Vnt SqTo S,erage $22.19; Wyatt & Shoemate,,,,., 0 A:n "...., T:' ."' . .10 V, '!. i nltlwTo Tin avuia,BU "'f "? SltJ?llS' r4!0, ??ululs' average .' v c "Ull o,xxd ipouims, aver-1age ?17.11.All buyers at this point have shipped out everything androoms are now clean.their prizingINDEPENDENT THURSDAY,RUARY S.FEB-A total of 22,275 pounds of tobaccowas sold at the Independent House,for an average of $18.03. The qualityof the offerings was lair,crop averages follow:Clarke &. Crane, 4,055SQine of thepounds for$866.23, average S21.36;Red men &orga-jRitaliie, 2.890 pounds for $513.48, averaSe $17.76; Marsh 61 McCord, 8,30 1pounus tor $l,4,jy.u9, average S17.3J;E. H. Darnaby, 1,095$216.83, average $19.80.pounds for. .... . .-CANDIDATES FOR POLICE JUDGEThe present issue of THE NEWScarries in its announcement columnon the editorial natre the avermentto the public that Mr. Cladde Redmonand Mr. J. W. Brown, both well-knowncitizens and business men of the cityci jeans, desire the office of Judge0f the Police Court of Paris, a placej which carries a great responsibilitywith it, and one, which, in the Ian-guage of a former candidate for the.place "doesn't necessarily require alawyer to fill."1 Mr- Redmon has been prominentlyidentified with the business lire oflJaris and Bourbon county for many,come to Paris seven years ago. He is with the teams representing the Clarkat present representing the Lexington County High School, and the Gate CityLaundry in this city, and has by his devotees of this popular game are exhonorable business methods and uni- pecting one of the hardest struggles ofform courtesy, (made a wide circle of the season, "ris had one of the bestfriends who would like to see him pre teams in the States last year, and thesiding over the sessions of the Police team this year is said to "be equally asCourt, a position which he would fill good. The boys' team last week dewith ability. , feated the crack team from Danville.I Another addition to the list of an-nounced candidates for the office isthat of Mr. Harry L. Mitchell, whoimakes his announcement in this issueof THE NEWS to the voters of thecity. Mr. Mitchell had his mind mad3up some months ago to enter the raceat the proper time, but did not want tobe the first one to shy his hat in thenng.Mr. Mitchell is one of the best-knownmen in the city, having been connectedwitjh the Louisville & Nashville rail -road for many years, and in late yearsmanager of the Paris Grand OperaHouse. His platfoifm is "Justice to ail,and not law to some, regardless ofcolor, sex, age or previous condition or. it. . rr t ?servituae; want tne omce, ana esk.... .. 4. t -st r:(.-i.n nnnnnyour support." Mr. Mitchell proposes toDegin an active canvass at once, ana. run the race from end to end.mr. r-eicy . iuumy&uu m i.uiamakes his public announcementcandidate for Police Judge ofATr TlmmnRnn'fi nnrcl nhlishftd fiMr. Percy A. Thompson in this issue1as aPari:Mr. Thompson's card published in thisissue. Dresents his claims for consid-, A- , - -eration of the voters and does it in',",..;to ita way mat we can aau notningto make it more effective.There will be several other entries ivthe race in the near future.BUSINESS MEETING OFLOCAL CHAPTER D. A. R.rbusiness meeting of the JemimaA lnicinoc: mPPtinP' nf Hip .Tpmimn-- w...v 0 w.....-chapter, D A. R. of Paris, will be heldat the residence or Misses Winni 2and Ll,tie Williams, on PleasaiKstreet, at two o'clock to-morrow af-ternoon. At this meeting delegates andmc vjuayvcL m uwc u";- . 4J; , r I La Mm vinnir mFebruary 2 Waahingtoa's Birthday.'of Wincheater, and Mrs. Minnic,,(Wltn a specu prograinana rtocfaou.MR. P. A. THOMPSON ANNOUNCESCANDIDACY FOR POLICE JUDGEI desire to make fmy formal an-nouncement as a candidate for Police tral Kentucky representing the tax- acres, located on the Paris & Georgt.Tudge, subject to the action of th-3 payers, met in called session at Win- town pike, near Paris, was sold atDemocratic primary, August 4, 191 7 Chester, Wednesday, and effected an public sale yesterday, Mr. CliftonI come before you with every confl- organization to be knowi' as The Ken- Dalzell being the purchaser, at $14LLdence that you will give my claims tucky Taxpayers' League. Mr. Tlios. per acre. The sale was conducted byyour earnest and serious considera- J. Biggersta'ff, of Montgomery county, George D. Speakes and M. P. Kenney,tion. , was made presiunit ol the "organiza- auctioneers. Mr. Dalzell will gstI am a lawyer actively engaged hi tion, and Mr. Henry V. Thompson, of possession in March,the practice of law in this citv. I Winchester, formerly a Bourbon coumv I Tine farm was first offered in thragraduated from the University ot Cin-, .- T T-. i. i. .- -inno ii, ' V 11 ", ' 'mg successfully passed an examination and was admitted to practice in1907. My reasons for thinking myselfeligible for this office are as follows:I have always believed that this officei,.,i,i v.o r.nn.i v... .. .:.. !!....would be competent to serve.Again, in the majority of cases be-fore the Court, the person being triedl'.ns tin Inu'vpr in rpnrpspnt liiin nnrl itlis necessary, to my mind, to give thatperson a fair and impartial trial, thatthe person hearing the evidence shouldbe able to pass on all questions aris-ing with due regara" to the guilt orinnocence of the accused. No mat-ter now intelligent or weu-ouucaieu aman may be, unless he has had training anu experience aiong tne line olproceuure in triais an i is laminar wituthe law pertaining thereto. I hardlythink, and I believe you will agree withme, that he is competent to pass,i judgment.If elected to this office, I plan to provide a civil court fo. action where theAmount involved does not exceed$200.00, the costs in the case to conform strictly to the fees provided byStatute.. I believe that this plan willI be of material benefit to the mer-chants, especially, resulting in casesVeing tried at less expanse to- litigantsand consuming less time than hereto-! fore.. I believe that I can be of benefit tothc oitw.pns nf Pnris nml T know thnttuav non bo nf irroni honofit tn mp n?n rmiirintP fm- this nfTlr.e. T havepracticed in every court in this State,from the lowest to the highest, as wellas the several United States Courtsof this District, and if vou show yourconfidence bv electing me as PoliceJudge, I assure you that the laws asprovided in the Kentucky Statutes willbe strictly enforced, yet in a fair anlcautious manner, with a sense of jus-tice and without favoritism or parti-ality towards any person or persons,it is my desire to see each voter iuThe Winchester Sun in announcingthP p.vptU states that all editors andUnited States soldiers will be admit-tpi iypp tn witness the sajme. Thesoldiers might profit by the game, butthe newspaper men are too busy play-ig basketball with the high cost ofpaper to attend such a tame affair asan ordinary basketball game..BURN GAS AND BE HAPPY.j1 it's the cheapest in the long runk0 plumbing bill to pay. Water inthe stove back don't freeze, no tanksto drain, no kindling to split, no ashesto carry out or coal to carry in. Usegas and know what luxury is at a costless than coal.. . . . -. r tit nnmnrn nr innPARIS GAS & ELECTRIC CO., Inc.(6-2t)VETERAN MINISTER CELE-.BRATES MARRIAGE ANNIVERSARYThe celebration of the eighty-first anniversary of their marriage was madethe occasion of a memorable gatheringin honor of Rev. and Mrs. L. H. Reynolds, formerly of North Middletown,this county, recently, at tflie home oftheir daughter, Mrs. Louise Hagan, inWinchester.Rev. Mr. Reynolds, who is one of theoldest and best-known ministers in theChristian church, hab been ill for sometime, but that did not prevent him froai--, -. ., ,i .ienjoying Wie congratulation auu Q, wishes of the many friends and rela-' tives who called in person, or sent mes-sages. Mr. and Mrs. Reynolds are bothiu their eighty-first year, their birtii-hhiuw, w t-vu. vKENTUCKY TAXPAYERS' LEAGUEORGANIZED AT WINCHESTER.Delegations froui the counties of Ceil-citizen, was selected as Secretary. Thefollowing Executive Committee was ap tract No. 2, containing all the ipointed: Dr. N. TI. Chiujnan, Dore Lo- provements on the place, and 35.0igan and John F. Fryer, Pendleton coun acres of land; tract No. 3 containingey; Price Headley and W.Rodney Es- 44.39 acres, on which is located thetill, Fayette county; Dr. C. W. Math-ers, W.M. Mathers, H. S. Weaver andf ut cC. M. Thomas, James H. Fisher, Roge)Burns and J. H. Thompson, Bourboacounty; Charles E. Marvin and R. B.Thrvmrvctrm Rnntt .miTitv nioiiflo W.I.Hams, Dr. James McK.ee and HoracaGay, Woodford county; Sid Hart. H. R.Prewitt, L. L. Bridgeforth, John Stofer,J. W. White, Major D. J. Burnett, AllieRatliff, Rankin Whitsitt, Montgomery!county; S. T. Prewitt, L. B. Cockreil,i John Duvall, r. Hood Smith, E. BDooley, A. Howtird Hampton, Nelsonv. uay, ur. u. u. tevonson, Nelson i? uay, ur. U U. otevinicn. Hon. J. D.j Wills, Harry B. Clay and R. D. Hunter.isr., who resides with his son, Mr.uiarK county.The purpose of tae organization is lopiotect the interests of the taxpayersof State. It is propped to increase themembershiD bv mv.-niir nil Hie taxnav-lip by invring all tlie taxpay-crs or the State to joif A motion was'adopted opposing tins report of the! State Tax Cctnmission The Chair-inian was authorised to appoint a com-mittee to draft a new tax law to be suojmitted at the next rr-Hing of thej League, and to handle legislative marters pertaining to "he objects thi League seeks to attain. It was decided to prepare an.l have filed articleslegally incorporating the League.- -it was tne unanimous sense or tnmeeting that the iv' tax law shouldnot be adopted for the following rea-sons:i1. The new tax law creates a newoflice that costs $J.2 U00 a year.2. It exempts from taxation, forcounty and municipal purposes, all per-sonal and intangible nropertyin theState.3. It exempts from taxation,county andmunicrpal purposes,foImanufacturers' raw materials anIstock on storage in.thi State.4. All town and county taxes mustbe paid by land and reil estate.o. minions win e3cice county taxesif this law is .passed. J In tne Montgomery County; Court,The meeting v. .is addressed by Mr.vMr. A. H. Robbins. of near LittleTlios. J. I'iggeri-t.'ff, of ML Sterling; Rock, was appointed administrator ofMr. James H. Tlunnyson, of Paris; Mr. the estate of Mis-s Ellen Soper,4whDavid Prewitt. of Winchester, anl died near Grassv Xiict, in Montgomeryothers. Another inHe.ii'? will be held county, recently. Mr. Robbins- qualiin Winchester t -morrow morning at tied by furnishing bond in the sum often o'clock. . ,$2,500.s999t999999999999999999999WE KNOW HOWYOUR HEALTHIS HI IHMIIT TM HIEIProtect Your Health and YouWill Have Both.DUOf'OLDUNDERWEARthe kind that is not too heavy, but is made with alight layer of cotton next to the skin and anotherlayer of fine woven Australian wool on the outside, which does not scratch and irritate the skin,hut prevents the cold from penetrating through thegarment. It does not leave a damp moisture between the skin and the undergarments. This isone of the principal causes of colds. The bodybecomes chilled from the moisture and many deepcolds and cases of grippe start in this way. WoarDuofold Health Underwear, the only safeguardagainst sickness. We have all sizes, both in unionsuits and two-piece garments. $3.50 and $4.00.19999999999Iil fllttil SExclusiveAgencyPine.CLIFTON DALZELL BUYS THEBRUCE MILLER FARM-The Bruce Miller farm of 122.71tracts, tract No. 1 of 43.34 acres;corn crib and a rock quarry used byBourbon county. The farm was then.After the sale the property was di-vided with Caywood & McClintock asfollows: 44.34 acres to .Caywood irATrP.Tfntnlr nrlfnintntr thcx Plavalanilfarm, unimproved: 79.43 -acres, inclvd-ing improvements, adjoining the Lyioplace, to Mr. Clifton Dalzell, of near"Little Rock.in NINETY-FIRST YEARGATHERS ICE ALL DAY.One of the most remarkable anen iaI this community i. Mr. Frank William.j Frank Williams, Jr. rear Paris. Mr.Williams, who celebrated his ninetiethbirtiliday m October, is Iiale and heartyand in his own n'ord-; 1S "as SO 8any young man m Paris "' Mr- Williapis came to Bourboa fromBracken county thirty.five years ago,and began farming on a squall scale.X1C.UU,RC.B tuo "uui-uusi mi. no xinever missed a day's work in all hisyears since he was able to work, anlwas never compelled to "lay off" because of sickness or accident. He attributes his good health and longevityto regular hours and I. :rd work.To demonstrate th2 fact that he was'still able-bodied an! not feeling theweight of nearly nineU-one years, Mr.w'illiams assisted iu gathering ice Atbio onn'; home rlar all dav Tuesdayand worked as hanl ami as ltmr u didothe others. He experienced no discon.'-fort after his long r.nd hard toil and...........vas reaay wua a 30:e at ait umea.Mr. Williams has afc: living children,two of wihom, Messr.s. Carl and TullWilliams, reside in Paris. He hastwenty-five great-grandchildren, andsays oven that knowledge doesnt makexuui ieei very oni. nii js iiuu&. auu active, and takes a great interest in everything around him.APPOINTED ADMINISTRATOR.BlakemoieFor the NettletonShoe!?.OTeftK. WJIMN.St -FRIDAY, FMBfcUAJlY t 1UT.PAGE TWOTHE BOURBON NEWS PARIS, KY.fv1rit:First Dose of Pape's Cold CompoundRelieves All Grippe 'Misery.Tin PiUvm 1WJ fM 'absorbed pr discourtat4, which is, forilie DOUrDOn INewS bidding and "depressing. The fellowEstablished 188135 Years of Con-Jwi9rheadcVlooks h9??fttl5S(Sai!ntinuous Publication. i8pSS?,C0lU!?eS!!e- ,I Military drill also makes boysatt-lfehftri Fv,rv T,,srfav nnrf PrWaV I quickly responsive to commands. Thovr 9 nnQiv ATnnfHc i nn human mind naturally works slowly. Don't stay stuffed-up!p.-iia n Aonno TIf unused to acting m company with Quit blowing and snuffling! A doseothers, the order of a commander Qf "Pape's Cold Compound" takeiz 1 seems to run up against some blank every two hours until three doses areWIFT CHAMP, Editor and Owner. ; an all of slow thought. So it is thai ( taken will end grippe misery anathe bunch of raw recruits are all over t break up a severe cold either in thethe street. Their Rental reaction 13 head, chest, body or limbs.BREAKS ACOLD INFEW HOURS TRYBourbon Buildings &"Loan AssociationIN REAR OF BANKEntrance on Fourth StreetROOMS 403-404.PHONE 136.DR. WM. KENNEY(Entered at the Paris, Kentucky. Hie stree- ."eir entai """neaa cnest, Dotty or nmps. i . , TPostoffice as Mail Matter of the i n . n.erves ?uu "u&uhkj it promptly opens cioggea-up nos- - - "" aim xiuuai..Second Class) don't Keep time witn uieir immib. btnls and' air passages; stops nasty' ithey practice the taking and receiving discharge or nose running; relieve-;(of orders, these faculties become alert sick headache, dullness, feverishness,Any erroneous reflection upon the and responsive and the drill acquires SOre throat, sneezing, soreness an-!. character, standing or reputation ot" precision and uniformity. ! stiffness.ay person, firm or corporation which ! Modern life calls for quick thinking. "Pape's Cold Compound" is tlu-rasy appear in the columns of TUB and immediate reactions. Any expe- quickest, surest relief known andBfiURBOX NEWS will be gladly cor- rieuce that promotes these acquire- costs only 25 cents at drug store. Itreeled if brought to attention of the ments has great value. The sense of acts without . assistance, tastes nico.fcfoor. 1 rhythm and enthusiasm of nuinbeis and causes no inconvenience. Don'tmake any kind of a drill by companies accept a substitute. (adv)I of people an invigorating and awakening experience. Boys are never tired j RADIO DEFENSE.'of playing soldier. They would And II such drills as a part of school or col- 0llIy a sllort time agocame the an-lege work, physically stimulating aim rounccrneni of a torpedo controlled b5IttWM. GRANNANAt(orneyatLawROOMS 401-402.EDITORIAL MUSINGS.The Problems of Retail Trade.mentally pieasuraoie, to sa iioumife wireless. Ihe new instrument of deof the possible military value. i struction seoms to have large possibilities, and the government is interested!in it. Now, however, before it has ever"SEND ME FREE COPY I been tested in actual warfare, anotherOF YOUR PAPER.'' inventor announces that he has worked'out a delense against it. His deviceA merchant on being asked what he J' 'considered the greatest difficulty in'retail trade leAnarked that he thought!is was the lack of the snirit of unit-afciong the merchants. He felt that! He alwavs has been, and always u ill consists of aTher did not take competition in the he a nest v:c hnean the man who re- propogates powriffht spirit If thev found themselves nuests. demands or commands the various lengths,,. , 1 1.1 t rr .l Tllie UUSIIltJSS UL LUfcJ ilUUVC IUIU U.I1U CU11 ' gbe found :n his new offices on thefourth floor of the First National BankBuilding. (jan30-lmo)REMOVAL NOTICEThe firm of Hutchcraft & Cline, attorney, has been dissolved, Mr. Hutchcraft retiring. Mr. Cline will continueiii Qiyi ji 1 1 iVri 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 imSole AgencySTACY - ADAMSSHOESs$7-oo and $7-50tliat interfere andundersold bv a rnmnpMtnr. rlipv rm.. mflnnirpmpnr nf n nmvsnaner to "send obliterateeived a grouch against the man that me (or us) a free copy of your paper torpedo.underbid them. They called him a cut in which my (or our) article appears.'throat, would scarcely speak to him on Now, at this particular time, he is anthe street, and would not work with economic danger. With the cost ofhim for the general upbuilding ot the print paper doubled and trebled, withtown. 'stamps maintaining their ancient scaleNo man who is fit to serve the pub J of prices, and wrapping paper, clericallie through rerail trade ought to fret hire and ink costly, the man whoat healtjhy competition. A little rivalry ! wants a copv of the paper free when-spurs a man to do his best. No man over he asks free space in its columns,"wuo nas a goon grip ot his calling com- is a problem tor the emciency experts,plains about it. lie looks at it as a I These offenders come from all class-afeomai, ii. xxio ucviit. rrri IdlSCOUragCi,vous, tirea, worrieaor aesponucni u i.- asuresignyouneedMOTT'SNERVERINEPILLS: They renew the normal vigor andmake life worth living. Be sure and ask forMutt's Nerverine Pills fSSWILLIAMS MFG. CO , Props.. Claralaad, Okiothe waves that control theTake Advantage of These Pricesand Save Money.Fully 50 feet higher and more thantwice as wide as Niagara, the falls ofIguazu, in South America, form one of,the wonders of that continent.OBERDORFER, The Druggist. jHARRY LINVILLE.....H..H. I V H"M"l"l"i"'M"I' M II t I V'l"lf'M"Tf'M"l"M"l"t'yyi Jfltt't Ifpart of his training. Every time that'he is worsted in fair competition, hefeels that something has been added tohis business education by which liewill profit nt time.If he finds himself undersold, lethim study the cosU of his business,the problem .( getting new trade andof buying right, instead of complaining at the activity of a competitor.Then he will he ablo to build up hisown lines of traue secure from competition. When a merchant gets sore onbis competitors, it is a sign that he ioplaying a losing game.While competition is healthful, itcan, of coins be overdone. If goodsare sold too close, the trade of a towntends to be cut up into a large num-1ber of little stores, none of them big'enough to do 1 usiness cheaply or serve jthe publis efficiently. jBusiness men will find they can ihead jon unfair competition best by cultivat-'ing the friendship of each other. Letthem discuss v. hat should be the price iin standard lines, and .make more effort to establish a basis for mutual coperation.ton.es. Press agents for the railroads,church bounds and societies, prohibitionists, liquor organizations, actresses,moving picture houses, etc., etc., etc.,include with their reauests for freespace the reminder that they expect ::copy of the paper sent to the address Jgiven.THE NEWS has in the past beenone of their victims, but from tinst;me on we ill cease to note these de-!mands. If anyone is interested enoughin THE NEWS to desire to use spacein its columns without cost to himseifor herself or themselves, etc., etc., vis a fundamrntal truth that the paperis worth the price they gladly imy fora copy of a foreign paper.ONE VIRTUE OF BOOKS.Military Drill in Schools.President A. T. Hadley, of Yale, 13the first college president to come outfor a broad course of military trainingfor college students. The movemen'for better unilitary preparation has leJ.many people to favor introducing Vinto colleges and high schools. Thisis a matte' en which there are manypoints of vew. M st people would admit, however, that a certain amount utsuch work is very useful to any bo.,PerformaiKs of military exercises, ,movements, and evolutions under agood drillmaster, should give a boy an"erect posture. People stoop too much.They cram dp'wn their lungs into u' narrow box of bone, when tiie organkas meant to be free and loose. The 'Hfeody misses its fresh air and becojnesanaemic.- There is too much shuffling andshambling along the streets by thsestooping people. Going along wiili'their eyes on the ground, they look" 'What if a book is dull?' inquhwSamuel McCord Crothersin one of themonthly magazines. 'It can't followyou about. It can't buttonhole youand say: 'One word more.' When youand good matured competi- nut UP a DOOK 1L sutb iJ,luu. XJUInot Dr. Crothers books. His epigramsuggests a new test for the books onvour shelf. Which ones stay shutwhich ones call out: 'Read me?' I'is not the loudest books one hear.-;best; loud-spoken books defeat their .purpose if they deafen you till youtcan't hear yourself think. Thomas1Carlyle is, for us, one ofe those thun-derers. Quiet voices reach the ear bei tter; undertone voices like Chariot (Lamb's. But books do know theirplace and sometimes that's a big re- (lief." Collier's Weekly.REV.BURRIS JENKINS ISTO GO TO WAR FRONTill!WinterTourist TicketsRound-trip Winter Tourist Ticketson sale daily Oct 1, 1916, until AprilSO, 1917, with final return limit May31, 1917, to all principal tourist pointsin Alabama, Florida, Georgia, Louisiana, Mississippi, New Mexico, NorthCarolina, South Carolina, TexasHavana, Cuba, allowing liberal stopv over privileges on both going and return trip. Also low round-trip Homeseekers Tickets on sale first and thirdTuesdays of each month to points inAlabama, Florida, Louisiana andMississippi, with final return limittwenty-one days from date of sale.(Kansas City Star.)The Rev. Burris A. Jenkins willspend six months in the British trenches, he announced to his congregationat the Linwood Boulevard ChristianChurch. H-i will sail in May, havingobtained a leave of absence from th-church board. iRev. Jenkins said lie would be oneof six Americans chosen by GeorgeSherwood Eddy, toreign field secretaryfor the Y. M. C. A., to do evangelistic 'work under direction of the secretary tof the English Y. M. C. A. Two othermembers of the party, already an-1nounced. are Raymond Robins andFred Smitl, the latter a Y. M. C. A.evangelist. Wilbur Chapman andGypsy Smith are already at the front, jThe evangelical meetings are to beheld in the Y. M. C. A. huts and tents ,just back of the firing line. The evangelical force will be moved about tlwfront in France, Egypt and Macedonia,and in the concentration camps in England. Eaoli member of the party willpay his own expenses.WINTER BRINGS COLDSTO THE CHILDREN.For further information, call on or address W. V. SHAW, Agent,or J. K. SMITH, T. A.A child rarely goes through theand whole winter without a cold, and everymother should have a reliable remedyhandy. Fever, sore thrbat, tight cheJt !and croupy coughs are sure symptoms, jA dose of Dr. Bell's Pine Tar Honey!will loosen the phlegm, relieve the!congested lungs and stop the cough. !Its antiseptic pine balsams heal andsoothe. For croup, whooping cougiand chronic bronchial troubles try Dr.Bell's Pine Tar Honey. At all Druggists, 25c.(Feb-adv)ILL HEALTHIS EXPENSIVEa4aaay doctor bills are unnecessary. If your liver kactive asd your system free of waste matter you needrarely be sick. For constipation, heaviness, bad breathasd digestive disturbances, use a good laxative.A!&V FOR OOP CD80 CBIDS CATAJUUIAlDiseases mmm Aiemc n hipuDirections...-naW;VHttm.iktem ,n ftiCEnBT cawimj.Price 50C&, (tba-iwa.30)Li..:u.'o'Manalin Tablets are IdealSend in the coupon today . Ce!aa&u, OkieGentlemen:Tby taste like candy, relieve effectively, and form no bad habits. PerunaTafekta olear up the system, overcome catarrh, restore the appetite and tone jr Tieup the system. The two are great aids to Perns Co.,good healthPanin-j TaKlnfa RruManalin T.hlot 9?v Enclosed find. centsunci Friends ,x W-FWe'tdAeAtsMeasure--Jn a Minute - A Clean Slate- fhatsall-They were a couple of fine old Southernersyou could tell that at a glance. Theywere talking about tobacco."Down South here, we judge a man byhis family, don't we? If he is a gentleman,we take his measure in a minute, don't we?And, that's all we want to know, isn't it?""Say, friend," one said, "judge this cigarette the same way. He is a SOVEREIGNthat means he has blood and breedingcomes from the finest family and hasheaps and heaps of good friends here inthe South."He is made of the choicest and sweetestand mellowest of Virginia and Carolinatobacco; he is raised like a true Southerngentleman in a fine, clean, healthful home.Let us all stick to him SOVEREIGNKing of them all."And this all must be true, men, becauseVxYou Folks of the South KNOW good Mood!You Folks of ihe South KNO Wgood tobacco IThat's why everybody likes me-why the men of the South are smoking me by themillions every day. My! it's fine to be so popular to have so many friends. And,then here's something more to think about:- i&rMAJyUdA t0'. L.. siiwf y iiyi vPV7yfit . ry atvv'x.1 am imaranteed by - i:To.o " 3- jsuy me.,If you don't like me return me to your dealer and get!your money back I have said it. A Southern gentleman is knownthe world over for keeping hi$ word, and I have given you mine.ffCigarettesFOR THE GENTLEMAN OF THE SOUTH5AJfcSiJCirva of VAemv CU6ftad 10c " box of99'TViTnf QonJ nlirrauu.NmOU.v Er MMMr Mm:3&.jtp- -'TTH BOURBON NEWS, PARIS, KY.PAGIflFRIDAY, FEBRUARY , 1S17.w1i&(r-VJpANNOUNCEMENT,FOR STATE SENATOR.We are authorized to announce LEEWAINSCOTT, of Winchester, as acandidate for the nomination for theoffice of State Senator in the Twentyeighth Kentucky Senatorial District,composed of Clark," Bourbon and Mont-'gomery counties, in the primary election to be held on August 4, 1917. He-isks your support in his race upon abroad and liberal platform.Wo are authorized to announcaEORGE HON, of Winchester, as acandidate for the nomination for theffice of State Senator in the Tweutyeightli Kentucky Senatorial District,cfcnposed of Clark, Bourbon and Montgomery counties, in the primary election to be held on August 4, 1917. Heisks your support in his race upon ajroad and liberal platform.We are authorized to announce Hon.Abram Renick, of Clark County, as ucandidate for State Senator from thecounties of Bourbon, Clark and Montgomery, subject to the action of theemocratic party, at the State primary, August 4, 1917.FOR JAILER.We are authorized to announceGEORGE W. JUDY, of Paris, as a candidate for the Democratic nominationfor tiie office of Jailer of Bourboncounty, subject to the action of theDemocratic vparty at the primary election on August 4, 1917.We are authorized to announce J. 'W. Hart, of Bourbon county, as a candidate for Jailer, subject to the actionof the Democratic party, at the Stateprimary, August, 1917.We are authorized to announceJOHN H. DOTY, of Paris precinct, as& canaiaate lor tne Democratic nomination for Jailer of Bourbon County,subject to the action of the Democratic primary in August, 1917. IWe are authorized to announceWALKER KISER, of the Kiserton precinct, as a candidate for the Democratic nomination for the office ofJailer of Bourbon county, subject tothe action of the Democratic party atthe primary election in August, 1917.We are authorized to announceTHOS. TAUL as a candidate for Jailerof Bourbon county, subject to the action of the Democratic primary.We are authorized to announce C.T. MASTERSON as a candidate forJailer of Bourbon County, subject tothe action of the Democratic Stateprimary, August. 1317.We are authorized to announce W.0. BUTLER, of Paris, as a candidatefor the Democratic nomination for theoffice of Jailer of Bourbon county, subject to the action of the DemocraticState primary, in August, 1917.We are authorized to announce 'JOHN W. KING as a candidate for thenomination of Jailer of Bourbon county, subject to the action of the Democratic primary, on Saturday, August4, 1917. 1FOR ASSESSOR. jWe are authorized to announce Mr.Walter Clark, of Paris, as a candidate for the Democratic nominationfor the office of Assessor of Bourbonounty, with Mr. John J. Redmon, ofthe North Middletown precinct, asBeputy Assessor, subject to the actionf the Democratic party at the primaryelection to be held on Saturday, Aug.4, 1917. They respectfully ask yoursupport.We are authorized to announce Mr.George D. Speakes, of Paris, as a candidate for the Democratic nominationfor the office of Assessor of BourbonCounty, with Mr. Lee R. Craven, ofthe Little Rock precinct, as DeputyAssessor, subject to the action of theDemocratic party at the primary election to be held on Saturday, August 1,1917. They respectfully ask your support. FOR MAYOR.We are authorized to announce MrJames M. Moreland, of Paris, as acandidate for the office of Mayor oftfoe city of Paris, subject to the actionI the voters of the city at the pri-tnary election to be "held on August 4,-tpT xr ..rvf ic 7-oenpMfnllvsolicited.FOR POLICE JUDGE.Wa are authorized to announceCLAUDE P. REDMON as a candidatefr hft Democratic nomination iorfor Police Jdge of the City of Paris,Kentucky, subject to the action oi uieDemocratic Ynmary, August 4, iai.We wuhortad to announce JSSSSMW ?of the City f Paris, Kentucky, sub-Sect to the action of the Democraticprimary, August 4, 1917."Toss of a Coin" SaleNOW GOING ONUnheard-of Bargains InMen's and Boys'Suts and OvercoatsShoes, jratsand furnishingsDon't Miss This Sale!the Difference!5'TWINCUthi Sfate Dept."TANLAC SMILE"GREETS FRIENDSOld Hotel Man Tells How Hs' Got Back Good Humor.jITANLAC DID IT," HE SAYS !f''You're sure looking good thesedays. Where'd you get the smile?"That's the way his friends now greetJoseph Kolb, who lives at the Sherwood .Hotel in Cincinnati. Mr. KolbJOSEPH KOLB.was in the hotel business in Cincin-nati for 20 years and is well knownall over Ohio and Kentucky."That's my 'Tanlac Smile' and Igot it after Tanlac had built up myrun-down system," is Mr. Kolb's answer. -urn; l couitinc always smne tnisway," Mr. Kolb said. "For severalyears I was bothered by a dropping of 'Ir'mmMZiiMCfnnHaatBnViitemucus in mv throat, it made meaus, lexas.'grouchy' because I couldn't get rid ofit. It got on my nerves, too, and keptme awake nights.Began Losing Weight."My stomach went back on me, andnaturally I lost my appetite. Icouldn't eat much without being sickafterwards. I suffered from bloatingand belching gas after eating. I hadthat tired, heavy feeling, too, and itseemea as u i just naa io oragself around. When I began to cutdown on my meals I started to loseweight, too, and my friends got wor-lday for New York, on a combined bus-'ry out all the constipated waste matried about me. iiness and pleasure trip. While inNew'(ter and poison in the bowels. Then"One of them suggested that T trvlYork' Mr- Tucker will visit all the'jou will feel great.Tanlac and I did. I am glad to say I PrincjPal wholesale houses and will A Cascaret night teMens youthat it helped me back to health. I'vegot a man-sized appetite now and caneai, anyunng i warn witnout Miner -ing afterwards. I don't have thatheavy feeling in my stomach aftermeals. My food digests without anytrouble and I know it is because Tan-lac has fixed me up.Glad to Praise Tanlac."I am glad to pass the good wordalong to anyone who is suffering likeI did. I know Tanlac will do themsome good. It sure fixed me up.That's why I'm wearing this 'Tanlacc .. ,bmile.-Tanlac, the master medicine andrecou&uruuuvotonic, issola excm-Bively in PARISby Varden & Son. You will read of many so-called who states: "I had rheumatism ninoagents in nearby I cures. 'teen vears: used three boxes ofumer exuiuoivetowns are as follows:json Snell & Wood; MIL.T-,RqBTTpft w G wadell ELIZxV-ERSBURG W. g,2Fia.iSSSSS5grS2S&SH. Arnold; WINCHESTER, Duty Dru" -AUSTERLITZ, B. S. Par-Si?lpany;nsn(adv)scSaveBROSL. WallsUin, PopSOCIAL AND PERSONAL.Comings and Goings of OurPeople Here, There andElsewhere.Mr. Ernest Darnaby. of near Paris.tisjrisiting in Tennessee.I Mr. Wm. H. AVhaley, Jr., is athome from a business trip throughNorth Carolina.J Mr. and Mrs. B. A. Frank are InNew York City on a business and.sight-seeing trip.Mr. John Merringer, Sr., is very illwith heart trouble at his home onDr! H. M. Hamilton is recoveringj from an attack of grippe at his homeIon Mt. Airy avenue.Mr. Howard Day is very ill of pneumonia at the home of Mrs. McCartney,I on South Main street.I Miss Florence Scott has returnedto her home near Paris from a visiijto friends in Versailles.Mr. anJ Mrs. John J. Redmon;have returned from a visit to Mr. andMrs. Hiram Redmon, in Frankfortj Mr. Lawrence Price left Wednesday for a business and pleasure trip,to Chicago and other Western cities.Mr. and Mrs. H. C. Moore, of Lex'ington, are guests of Mr. and Mrs.Virgil Delaney, on South Main street,j Mr. and Mrs. William Wilder haveleturued to their home in Louisville.after 'a visit to Mr. and Mrs. Georg? W..Wilder.I Mr. Shirley Dalzell has returned tojhis home near Paris, after a six-week3'I visit to relatives in Oklahoma andKansas.! Miss Katherine Taylor, daughterof Mr. and Mrs. Edward Taylor, is improving from the effects of an attackof typhoid fever.Mrs. A. R. Dennison Jias returnedfrom Winchester, where her sister inlaw, Mrs. Lloyd Nelson, has been seriously ill with pneumonia.Mr. and Mrs. W. N. Wiley, of theClintonville vicinity, has rented the(Deaver home on the Jackstown pike.near fans, anu will occupy it aboutMarch 1.Mrs. J. W. Bramblette, of Mt.Sterling, and Mrs. Carl Robbins, ofj Winchester, have returned to theirhomes, after a visit to Miss Lottie' Brajmblette. in Paris.Mr. Henry A. Power, president of'the Power Giocery Co., of Paris, is inBuffalo. New York, attending the"Serv-Us" Wholesale Grocers' Convention, which is in session uiere tnisweek.Mrs. Oscar MJohnson, of Mii'ers-burg, accompanied by Misses BelleSmith and Frances McClelland, ofLexington, left yesterday for a visit toMr. and Mrs. Otis Bacon, at WichitaI - IMessrs. Wm. H. Whaley, Jr., W. G.mcImiiiuock, ueorge u. &peaKes, nenryS. Caywood, Harvey Hibler, Owen L.Davis, Thomas Taul, Judge Charles A.McMillan and Judge Dennis Dundonwere business visitors in Mt. Sterling.Monday.A farewell dinner w.ts tendered at"ieIhoie MrTV Joe. Snlfith' inf EaStparij and Misg Desha Smith'f 0f Lex-1jngton wno left yesterday for Pensa-J. til iOf IU lUlOO lltl1 11UUOIUU, UL llCllmy-;coia) Oklahoma, to visit Mr. and Mrs.George Adair.Mr. and Mrs.Ed. Tucker left Sun-uuiuiitujt; a uuiauitsLU uiuujv ui iioveiuu"I in the dry goods and dressgoods lines,.which will be on dispiay at his stoivi'iin the spring season.(Other Personals on Page 5): tj JUDGE FOR YOURSELF.Which Is Better Try An Experimentor Pflt By a faris Citizen's' Experience.Something new is an experiment.I Must be proved to be as reproi sented.I Tne statement of a manufacturer is;noi. convincing prooL ul menu ij uul uie eiiuuratsiutJiiL ol lneiius is.j Now suppose you had a bad back; !A lame, weak, or aching one,would you exeperiment on it.'Endorsed by strangers from faiaway places.It's different when the endorsement'CQmes from home.Easy to prove local testimony.Read this Taris case: Iriu;u 11. ivuaniu, fc,iv;-i, uiuvun,uAvenue, and Lucas street, Paris, says:"I have used Doan's Kidney Pills or"and on for years and have been great! v land have thrown away crutches." Youbenefited by them. At times. I have can afford to try them. Sold only bysuffered severely with kidney coir- us, 50c and ?1.00.plaint My "'lack has often pained mc OBERDORFER,and has been, lame most all the time. The Druggist, Paris, Ky.The kidney secretions have been toj .frequent in Massage and have greatly!annoyed me. Whenever I have beennever failed to cure me of the attackin short order."Price, 50 cents, at all dealers. Don'tsijmply ask tor a kidney remedy gf-.tDoan's Kidney Pills the same thatMr. Rankin had. Foster-Mittmrn Co.,Props., Buffalo, N. Y. ' (adv)STARTS NEWS PRINT MILL.The news paper mill of the St Maurice Pulp and Paper Company at ThreeRivers, Queuec, has begun operations.and the first Tun on one of the twofifty-ton units proved entirely successful. A sulphite mill, which has beenbuilt in connection with the news printmill, Jias been in operation severalweeks. The St. Maurice Pulp and Paper Company is a subsidiary of theUnion Bag and Paper Company, a?American coucern.FOR A BILIOUS ATTACKWhen you have a severe headache,accompanied by a coated tongue,loathing of food, constipation, torpidliver, vomiting of partly digested foodand then bile, you may know thatyou have a severe bilious attack.While you may be. quite sick there Ismuch consolation in knowing that relief may be had by taking thred ofChamberlain's Tablets. They areprompt and effectual. Obtainableeverywhere. " AGive MeAs SleepO'Nig'hts"-JuliusaOne of the- most admirable ofmodern recipes for good, healthynight-sleep is the abstaining fromcoffee (and tea) at the evening meal.A better recipe, forall times is total abstinence.For a cheering, healthful, non-disturbeverage, useTRYV "CASCARETS" FORLIVER AND BOWELSi IF SICK OR BILIOUS;TQ.n:oht! cle,n VauP ,, -Mri- a " "Stop Headache, Colds,Sour Stomach.Get a 10-cent box nowTurn the rascals out the lieadaahobiliousness, indigestion, the sick, sourstomach and bad colds turn them ou.to-night and keep them out with Ca3carets. Millions of men and women take oCascaret now and then and never knowtViA Jmitjprv mi5Pfl hv n lny.v livprvclogged bowels, or an upset stomach,Don't put in another day of distress.Let cascaets cleans your stomacn; remove the sour, fermenting food; takethe excess bile from your liver and ear-!"" "J iuuiuim,. w "'' "- jwsleep. A 10 cent box from any drugstore means a clear head, sweet stom-ach and clean, healthy liver and bowelaction for months. Children love Ca-j carets because they never gripe orsicken. (adv)Conceited."Van Hnmin, the actor, seems to.begrowing a trifle deaf. I wonder what' caused it?" "I'm sure I don't knmv,! but he claims it is the result of constant applause."A GOOD INVESTMENT'cavr M. n. Revnolds. Madison. Wi3..TRADE MARKRHEUMATIC POWDERSw'ELL, that snowstorm's coming (orthat snow storm'shere) and you'd better getin that tori of coal your furnace is yearning for. Thereis only one way to get comfort in the winter timebuy it by the ton.FOX RIDGEHot StuffW. C. J30DS0Nmtims3L or you'll Jku9m'sk Coriing sure i' '.'.s..j- asVate! m.'MMenCaesar,health and comfPOSTUM"There'sAPPROPRIATION TO PAYFOR DANISH SLANDS.I County Superintendents, if theyWASHINGTON, Feb. 6. A bill to deem it inexpedient, need not organiisappropriate tne $25,000,000 which the the divisional boards of education iaUnited States has agreed to pay Den- their own offices the first Saturday Jamark for the Danish West Indies and March, as directed by the school law;to establish a government In the but may go into the divisions and orlslands under Presidential appointment ganize the boards at points where theywas introduced Monday by Chairman can get a meeting of the members arFlood, of the House Foreign Affairs ter notice. County SuperintendentCommittee. It would continue the j0hn Quertermous, of Livingstonpresent laws of the islands in so far as county, asked State SupL V. O. Gilbertcompatible with the change of whether the statute is mandatory andsovereignty, with the single exception jie referred the question to Attorn.-iaau uii export lax oi B a ion WOUl'Ibe levied on sugar.A Frenchman has invented an apparatus to compress air in a reservoir asthe doors of a house are opened andutilizes it to wind clocks. j4.i....;TxiiII,IIIIIIIIiIllIllIlIiliitiliiIiii ,flj,ft jj inm 1 1 mtAnnouncement!ON DECEMBER 1stThe business of Prichard & Ballwas taken over byC. S. BALLwho will conduct said business inthe future.. All parties knowingthemselves indebted to the abovefirm willPlease CallTPRICHARD & BALLCor. Fourth andBoth Phonos 66' -va Reason'MAY ORGANIZE BOARDSAT VARIOUS POINTS.fipnpral M. AT. "Lnjran. wJm Raid thSuperintendent is not bound byliteral direction of the statute.tkeOptimistic Thought.A friend is worth all tnzards we carun.ttiand Settle! 1- i --oPleasant Sti.KEMTU6KY J-. JTML-f3I'M li k m A'Wair M Im i . m i . BBS 1AAB mffw&a&m 4 -ort at I v ' -V JIff Tbing, delicious mi k . . :'A-ti.""" """I'TTr III 1 1 II infill I Ml II IIIi 'wPAGE FOURllHfafijgiiirtfi'-THE BOURBON NEWS, PARI, KY."FRIDAY, FEBRUARY 9. Hflf.PARIS IOWLING LEAGUE.-FORMERBOURBONDIES INMANKANSASClTrBOGUSHOT WATER BOTTLE SALE.Tke Curtis Henry & Co. team tobJ afall out o the Fordham Hotel five in Infomnation was receivedi here yesth game played in the Paris Bowling lerday to the effect that Mr. Cliftonleague feries at thG Fordham Allfeys Owens, for many years a prominentTveeday night, with a majority of 91 resident of North Middletown, hadias as their prizo. Both teas pla cd been found dead near Kansas City.4t good game, and took many chances Mo., with a bullet through his brain.At difficult "splits" and "spares" to keep The indications pointed to self-destrucup averages they have been making, tion.There was a much larger attendance Mr. Owens moved from North Midthan heretofore, indicating a renewed dletown many years ago, and for sev'intarest in a sport that is growing eral years had been a buyer for thenom atnd more tinmilar all over the Swift Packing Co., of Kansas City.United. States.For the Fordham team Doug Thomaswon both, first and second honors,coring 190 in the second game and188 in the third game. For the winning team Shankland came first with179 in the first game, and Lytle annexing second place with 169 to hiscredit The "score follows:jt FORDHAM HOTEL.Tyior ,. lo9Sweareoeen 123Determan 110Kane 157Tfiomas " 159Totals 708CURTIS HENRY & C1Faulkner 168Shankland. 179Harper 163Lytle 143Ttenrv 140Totals 793 754 739Curtis Henry Totals 228GFordham Hotel Totals 21,95U 3150 154147 143141 13:;112 123190 188740 747D.2 3145 12S129 135150 i45169 168152 163According to the information receive!here Mr. Owens left home in his automobile to make a business trip toa suburb near Kansas City, and failing to return home, a search was madefor 'hfni. His .machine was found bythe roadside and the supposition wasthat he had been kidnapped by bai.dits, as he had been in the habit of'carrying considerable money with liim.'Further search revealed 'his deadbody in a ravine close by, his headpillowed on his rolled-up coat andvest, and a revolver lying near hisright hand, with two chambers empty.One shot has pierced his brain and Uieother through the lung.. Mr. Owens had. been brooding overthe destruction by fire recently of afine new home which he had just completed and to which he had devotedmany hours of care and attention.This loss is supposed to have worriedhim. leading to his deatili by his ownhand. He was a member of the well-known Owens family of the North Middletown vicinity, and had prominentfamily connections in Missouri andKentucky.HORSE BUYER" "' ( NEW INSTRUCTOR AT NORTH;'VICTIMIZES, HORSEMEN. MIDDLETOVN COLLEGE .'- Special sale for one week rubberFlem- or metal. .(6-2t)It may be some time before Paris! Miss Elizabeth. Anderson, otand Lexington horsemen will take very ingsbufg, a graduate of the HagenmanKindly to any intending purchase!from abroad, who does not come totheanj fully and properly enuiDDedwith gilt-edsre credentials. Sevprnidays ago a man registered at the Leonard Hotel, in Lexington, as Sa,m MeherVARDEN & SON.son, Omaha, Neb.," and soon gave out ! derson succeedsCampbell College, al Lexington, and apupil of Miss Elizabeth Smith, of theBoston Censervatory of Musio, hastaken the position of instructor invocal and instr,mental music in thoNorth Middletown College. Miss An-Miss Ruby Redwitz.the infoirmation that he was there fori who resigned some days ago. Misstne purpose of buying ihorses for the Anderson is an accomplished musician, tablished.cavalry branch of the United States having studied for three years with wide fieldArmy. He also visited Paris and ' Miss Lyda Wischam, and inother surrounding towns and jnirchas- York under Oscar Saenger. Mrs. RIVERSIDE REFINING COMPANY",ed horses, which were delivered in! Maria Aidrey ii teach sight read-( Cleveland, Ohio.Lexington. He gave checks right and ling at 'the college and will be organ-, (lt-pd)left as if he was a millionaire, an-jiit at tll Christian church. 1 -they au came hack "no good."TTTSalesman WantedTo sell lubricating oil, grease, specialties and paint Part or whole time.Commission basis until ability is es-Permanent position andwhen qualified, if desired.New Man with rig preferred.Beauty Culturist.Sarah Young, No. 1415 NewtowrStreet. Paris. Ky.. a graduate ol TiefMoler College of Beauty Culture,- ofCincinnati, offers her services in Manicuring, Hair Dressing and SanitaryTreatments. If called will be pleasedto wait on ladies at tiieir homey.feHe purchased in all tliirtv-slvliorses, among the sellers being Mr.Nathan Baylesa, of Paris. His planwas to get the victim to cash a larceRf'Ofl fhdnr tint tlion rt rritm 1iTrM...V.U wv-v..., uuu llilL lj fc.1 c; HID I . 1 Al tcheck for the purchase orice of Uih 1 .piaim uy me numner oi pegpu-horses. The horses are still in Lexington, but Meherson isn't SomeCOUNTY ASSESSOR'S A GOOB U06The Cotfnty Assessor's job is one ofthe best in the county and this is seenwho have already entered the race foroc ." rAT, :; rr; r 'r r:: :,s:liic T,1, A h,ai, .i ., ,.:-SlUOn. iuwn8.uui.ey uiuwiHumio" uicuna aic, iiiuugn, auu lug v iv..tims are awaiting for Mr. Meherson tocome back and jmake good.Among the victim:; of Meherson'sgame were, B. Neal, Thos. Sharp, andJohn Scott, of Frankfort; Nathan Uayless, of Paris; Andy Graves, of Georgetown; Jeff Sharp, Frank Jaubert andH. C. Willougfliby, of Lexington.PATRIOTIC AMERICAN.this office and it is all done at one.time and yet there is : good salary attached to it. One can very easily hold ;this position and do other work as ;well, JHWWMaMtCizaiBHiMBBANNOUNCEMENT.Curtis Henry Majority 31TRANSYLVANIAGIVESGLEE CLUBCONCERT HERE.IAWAY TO CHEAT THE PLUMBER"The Crimson Ramblers," TransylTania University's premier glee club,gave a delightful program of musicalnumbers, both instrumental and vocal,in tbe Auditorium of. the Paris CitvHigh School last night, for the bentfit of the Christian Endeavor Societyof the Christian church.The Club is composed of twenty students from the University, all skilledmusicians. The program rendered wasn excellent one, and was greatly enjoyed by a large audience.The concert will be repeated tonight in the Christian Church in NorthMiddletown, for the benefit of the Endeavor Society of that church.Why pay plumbing bills? Burn gasthrough the night and your waterpipes won't freeze up. You will becomfortable, too. At the rate whichthe consumers of Paris get gas, it ischeaper to burn the fuel through thenight and save freezing, than it is topay the plumber 4.00 or $5.00 for replacing the pipes, as the average gasbill won't exceed that amounL Nearlyevery wise person now uses the cheapest and best fuel tobe had naturalgas. No dirt, coal soot, kindling,ashes, and other worries to contendwith when you use gas. Try it onceand you will be a regular consumer.PARIS GAS & ELECTRIC CO., Inc.l6-2t)FOR POLICE JUDGE.We are authorizen to announce Mr."ib. A. Thompson, of Paris, as a candi-Manager Fred Erd, of the Paris date for tne tDe1?cratic nomjnatiouGrand Opera House and The Alamo, is for .Judge of, tne ohce PCurt paria-a patriotic American. He has had a s"ujec- " "lf uutiuu uiuie vus , .slide made showing a large American the Primarv election on Atfgust 4, 1917.flag, with rippling folds of white, red,Your 8UPPrt 1S respectfully solicitednn,i i.ia cnrmnnnta,! h or.i, ,.., We are authorized to announce Mr.u..v .s.uvs, uiii'iuuuui.Vl UJ OUVill lllUttUL.lPublic SaleOF -90 Young Tennessee. Jersey Cows and10 GuernseysAT MURPHY'S STOCK YARDSPARIS. KY.,Friday, Feb. 16, 1917AT 1 O'CLOCK P. M.Cumberland Phone 618.(9-4t)Administrator's SaleOFLIVE STOCKANDHousehold Furniture!as "America First! ' "Our Country.Right or Wrong, Still Our Country!'"Stand By the President!" etc, whichare shown on the screen at the Alamoin the afternoon, and at the ParisGrand at night. These slides get the"glad hand" every time they are shownand have caused the greatest enthusiasm, ine younger generation especially, attest their devotion to the emblem of liberty by giving it their loud- iest acclaim of voice and hand. "Long IMay She Wave!" The orchestra furnished added inspiration with natri- furnished. Conveniences, centrallvotic music, chief among which was cated. Apply to"The Star Spangled Banner." t (9-"3t) MISS NANNIE KELLER.Sixty of thes cows have freshenedin the past two weeks and have calvesat side. Nearly all the balance willfreshen by day of sale 12 yearlingregistered heifers. Many of thesecows have records from 32 to44 pounds of milk per day, and from10 to 18 pounds of butter per week.jWe sold in 1908, 1909 and 1910 eigh, teen hundred Tennessee Jersey cows' jat . Millersburg, Paris, Georgetown.(Lexington, Winchester, Mt. Sterling,Flemingsburg and Mayslick. We haveTwo rooms on Main street, between scores of customers, including dairyEiehth and Ninth. Furnished or nn- men, that say the Tennesse JerseyHarry L. Mitchell, of Paris, as a candidate for the Democratic nominationfor Judge of the Police Court of Paris,subject to the action of the voters atthe primary election on August 4, 1917Your support is respedtfully solicitedand will be greatly appreciated.For Rent.10. has no equal.D. F. BROWN, of Tennesse,S. C. CARPENTER, Millersburg, Ky.(It)":,,XAs administrator of W)n. Ardery, Iwill sell at public auction at the Ardery place, on the Ardery pike, thretmiles west of Millersburg, Ky., onTuesday, February 20, ltlJ,beginning at ten o'clock a. m., thefollowing:2 ihorses;1 10-year-old mare;2 Jersey cows with calves;2 good Jersey cows, fresh soon;2 red cows;3 black cows;2 black yearling heifers;2 Jersey yearling heifers;6 steer calves; y3 heifer calves; '1 2-year-old steer; .!-.1 black poll bull; -75 barrels white corn in crib fit! r -November;Sqme hay and fodder; 'SSome houshold furniture. v aTERMS Made known on day ofysale.SAM ARDERY,Administrator of Wm. Ardery "R. F. D. No. 5, Paris, Ky.C. E. VanHook, Auctioneer.(9-13-16)INJURED WHEN FORDTURNS TURTLE.MR.RENICK IS ASENATORIALCANDIDATETUTT! VT7!W5 nnllc n ft Antimi it fhoWhen 'a Ford car in which Messrs. f . ... , f t,John Brierley and Mack Dodson were macy of Hon Abram Renick, of Winriding attempted to pass Mr. Nfwr; ' ciiester, for the Democratic nominationRankin's car on the Carlisle pike about for stal. v:laLjr from the Bourbona mile from Carlisle yesterday, the caiclark.Montgomery district.Bwerveuana wasovenuineu, impiiui-j Mr Renick has been a conspiciousfigure in the political life of CentralKentucky for several years, and. beingmg tne men Deneaui mc m"-""-.Dodson s ustained severe cuts anlbruises. Brierley escaped with a goodshaking up. Mr. Rankin took the injured men in his car to Carlisle, wherethey were placed in the care of a physician. The car was badly dapiaged.On and AfterFEB: 1stI will assume my dutieswith Wilmoth & Co., ofwhich firm I am a partner.I will be glad, to see allmy friends in, my new placeof business.IF YOU WANTTHE BESTCALL FORCARLWATWILMOTHGrocery Co.Phone 376closely identified with tjhe farming interests of the State, both as an individual and in an official capacity, hohas become well and favorably knownall over this section. He has twicerepresented Clark county in the Legislature, and during his term of officefilled many important positions oncomjmittees, and was a prime mover inthe establishment of the KentuckyState Fair. He is President and General Manager of the American Shorthorn Breeders' Association, and formerPresident of the Pedigreed Live Stock ,Association of America. jMr. Renick is a brother of Mr. B. M. 'Renick, of the Paris Milling Co., and iMrs. Duncan Bell, of Paris. He has a Ilarge circle of friends and acquain- jtances in Paris and Bourbon county. Ievery one of whom may be depended Ion to do all in their power to help himland the coveted prize.THE DIVINE SARAH" ATLEXINGTON OPERA HOUSfc.MflRGOLEN'SSPECIALSFor This Week??-5-CoxGordon Pic-NiVHafns.oerDOund 18c"S'24-pound sack Best Flour' for. $130Pure Hog Lardper pound 1 9cApplesper peck 40c1Corn, Tomatoes and Peasper can 12 1 -2cI Paris people are eagerly awaitingthe opportunity of seeing Mine. SaraiiI Bernhardt, the . world's greatest ac' tress, in her engagement at the Lexington Opera House to-night ManagerCharles Scott reports the demand for! seats by Paris people beyond his expectations. The seats were placed onI sale Wednesday morning and werequickly snapped up.We clip the following from the Atlanta, Ga., Constitution:j "The genius of Sarah Bernhardt isas invincible to years as her energyand vivacity. In half a dozen sketches'and tableaux at the matinee and night.performances at the Atlanta theatreMonday this was demonstrated,j "So varied were the programs whichi Mine. Bernhardt presented 'Hecube,j 'The Trail of Joan or Arc 'The Stained-GlassWindow,' 'The Death of Cleopatra,' 'From the Stage to the Field ofHonor,' 'Camille' that it is impossibleau uiauuoo liiciu m uv-iun . v."There are, pernaps, two pictures oiMme. Bernhardt at Uie Atlanta theatre that stand out. They are ot her asthe young l-rench soldier dying uponthe field' of battle, because it is newand expressive of the modern spirit ofFarnce in the crucible, and of her as'Camile,' because this is the Bernhardtof tjhe stage that is best known and foryears best loved."In both she was wonderful. Thefire and intense spirit of youth andpatriotism with which she portrayedthe young actor who had, upon thefield of battle saved the flag of France,was-superb. It was a marvel in art,,unsurpassed arid it swept the' audienceby storm. Her passioned cry of LaFrance et Liberte,' in the thrillingfinale of her recitative lines in thissketch, long before the curtain,brought from the audience an outburstof applause which grew into thunderas she unfurled the tri-color of Franceand died with 'Vive la France!' uponher lips. It was not merely a complimentary expression of appreciation, itwas a great demonstration hardlyshort of Idolatry." (adv)MARGOLIN'STH!l SANITARY-HEAT MARKETTaking a walk on an empty stomachis said to cure indigestion; but youshould be careful whose stomach youwalk on.A Frenchman has invanted an apparatus to compress air In a reservoir asthe -doors of a house are opened andutilizes it to wind clocXs. ' i .- SOfficial NoticeTo Stop TheCut-PriceNew Castle, Ind., Feb. 9, 1917.To A. F. Wheeler & Co., Paris, Ky.Hoosier Kitchen Cabinets cannot besold at a reduced price after Saturday,February 10th. This is positive. Wecongratulate you and your lucky customers on the brilliant success of yoursale. Yours truly,HOOSJER MFG. CO.Remember 8 A. M. Tomorrow!Be Here As Soon After That As You Can!Not a Pantry.Only a few, a very few, ' 'HoosierSpecials" remain for the final day ofthe sale. These few may be taken,and probably will before night!That closes the sale. If any shouldremain on Monday we must restoreth regular price S5 higher.But if you come here in time tomorrow you can have a beautiful"Hoosier Special," glistening new,fresh from the factory, in your kitchen tomorrow night.The terms of the Hoosier sale-arethese:1 Pay only $1- when you orderthe "Hoosier Special."2 Pay the balance only $1 aweek.3 No interest, no extra fees.4 Your money all back .if youare not delighted.5 Bona fide cut of $5 in the pricebut sale ends absolutely whenthe few remaining "HoosierSpecials" are gone.thebutDon't think the Hoosier is only apantry. It is not. It combines apantry, a cupboard and a large kitchen work-table all in one.Some women think a pantry and acupboard give all the conveniencethey need, but you who have themknow that you must walk miles back'and forth in preparing meals andclearing up afterwards. The Hoosier save you all those miles of steps.save health and strength not forday, not for the week or month -fora lifetime!At Least Come and SeeIt costs you nothing to investigate. Ifyou decide that you want this beautifulcabinet you save five dollars in iustabout five minutes. Won't you, in justice to yourself, please come and see thisbargain? All Tight. But please besure to be here early.Sit Down At Your Work Valuable Hoosier Features'The Hoosier has places for 400articles all within arm's reach. Youcan sit down restfully at your work.The big aluminum table-top is acidproof. It slides out and leaves plentyof knee room. There are no littlepartitions to clutter up the space andhamper you. More than a millionwomen have the Hoosier, and theyare doing your hour's work in thirtyminutes. Save toil) save steps and4. F. WHEELER CO.Main Street.CttAS. GtEEN, Manager.obi. Ctort Honse.There is plenty of unhampered roomabove and around the aluminum worktable. No useless little partitions tochop up the space. The HOOSIERgives, you a big table space to work onit gives you 17 vital points not found inall other cabinets combined. Five ofthese leading feautres are:1 The All-Metil Glass Front Flour Bin.2 The Gear - Driven Shaker FlourSifter.3 Storage Space for 400 Articlts, allwithin arm's reach.4 Ingenious, Big-Caiacity Sugar Bin.5 The New Roll Doors that .you canslip, out for cleaning.U-I-t-FRIDAY, FEBRUARY 9, 1817,THE BOURBON NEWS; PARIS, KY.PAGSFtVSSOCIAL AND PERSONAL.PARIS LITERAY CLUB.FOR THE BESTNOTHING ELSESATURDAY COFFEE SPECIALS.In ten pound lots, 20-cent coffee IScents; 25-cent ccffee 22 cents; 30-centcoffee 27 cents.(It) r. P. COOK & CO.WILKINS PROPERTY SOLDMiller & Lilleston have purchasedthe Mrs. Horatio Wilklns property, onBrent and Nineteenth streets, in theold Pair Grounds Addition, at a prilate price. The sale vas made throughthe Paris Realty Co.LomingS and Goings of OUT ! , Mrs- wn- - Hinton, jpresident, prePeODie Here. There and smea w uie regular meeting of theircupie ner inere ana jParis UUinry Club, held on Wednes-j day afternoon at the club rooms. TheAr, o TIT.-., -r , t0Dic was "Realism," a subdivision ofturnS fWinTn vf1r? ?' i' V t r tIie general subject, "British and AmeiSon ra(1S in LeX" ican Dras." Miss Elizabeth Crutchi -Miss Alice Threshley Williams, of S.L B 1?! 5Frankfort, is a guest of Miss Matilda and Eugene Walter;" Mra! John Yer-. ??10 to t r, , . , kes subject was, "Kindling (CharleskIn Mrs' Thornwell Tadlock'Mrin , Gec f 5er lister, read a paper on "Belasco Stage Real-I f? ;jarahaI1; ? Sec0"d sire,et ist" an Mrs. James McClure's sub-Lwl";8 K!Sr!i-?,11 teed "1C ct was "Hint"e Wakes," by Stanley-"v- "" wUfaw im., m mu BUSUlIlg, HOUKlltOll.WINS KITCHEN CABINET.Wednesday evening, given by theShamrock Dancing Club. 1Mr. Lon M. Tribble, who has beena guest of his brother, Mr. Jos. Triable, in Deerfield, Florida, for several.weeks, will return to-dav.J Mr. James Whitley, who has been aAnnouncement was made that Mrs.W. T. Lafferty, of Lexington, will deliver an address in the Chapel of theParis High School on the afternoon ofFriday, Feb. 16, on "Sturdy Kentucky." An invitation was read tromtTlA TwnnHotll Pontviir rMtiVi nf T.fi1guest of his son Mr. Wade H. Whitley, lersburg, to attend an exhibition offor several weeks, has returned to his 200 pictures, loaned by the Elson Arthome at Panteyo, South Carolina. Company, of Boston, on tilie afternoons:u.M riauues ouiiivan nas return- Qf February 14, 15 and 16, at the Mil-Mrs. S. A. Witt was presented byThe J. T. Hinton Co. last Wednesclavwith a handsome McDougall Kitchen ed .to ner nome in. Lexington, attor a lersburg College gymnasium.V.U.UU1CU. :uis. will was one of the v,a11- " icwuves in runs, .tier motner,twenty-six members of the McDougaU Mrs- Margaret Sullivan, will remain ADDRESS ON TAXATIONKitchen Cabinet Club recently closeJ for a longer visit , TO WOMEN'S CLUBSby The J. T. Hinton Co. I Mr. Wallace W. Mitchell, Cashier. . lui. me raruners ana 'rranprs' Hank- ' tj t..i.DEGREES CONFERRED.T TJT.4-V. f. T r'who has been confined to Ins home in Paris, Secretary of the Kentucky Tax' V - "ivibion ur some time wmi Commission, and one of the most en-The Initiatory Degree was conferred the grippe, is able to be back at uork thusiastic workers for and supporterson the following candidates at a r- again. of Q proposed tax reform bill, willcent (meeting of Bourbon Lodge No. Mr- and Mrs. Albert Mitchell -will deliver an address on "Taxation and-Jb, l. u. u. b: George Batterton, Allie move trom tne Clendenm place on the Tax Reform" at a meeting of the fedRowland, P. A. Thompson, and Win. Clintonville pike soon to tilie James erated literary clubs at Lexienton, tcPftffiv Thpr will ln rrii'A-n Vi in: , -r Dmitrhnrtv onttnjrp ,n Whlfo AlHiHr . i.i.i s .i. ..tPage. They will be given the First Dejsxec next Monday nighLHIGH PRICE FOR CORN.Daugherty cottage, m White Addition., Dr. Wm. Kenney and family will occu,py tlie home to be vacated by Mr. andjMrs. Mitchell. 'I Mrs. Harry Hill and son. Harvey.tobe held in the near future.Mr. Hutchcraft recently deliveredan address on the same subject tothe Federation of Clubs of Paris, inwhich he explained to the ladies theHarris & Speake conducted the sale id Mr- Lawrence Hill left yesterday mysteries and complexities, as well ascf stock, crop etc, Wednesday, forMr. Albert Snapp, aV his place on thei lay and Kiser ipike. Auctioneer Geofor SL Petersburg, Tla. Mrs. Hill andson will remain during the rest of the.winter. Mr. Hill, after a visit to Ha-the injusticetaxation.of the present system ofn. smvp ron o rnn .,i , vana, and other points of interest mattendance and satisfactory prices ob- Cuba, will return Lo Paris.D. A. R. MEETING.tamed. One of the rqmarkable fea-tures of the sale was the high pricnrealized for corn, 6.05 per barrel. ISTETSON SPRING HATS.A letter received by relatives inParis yesterday, from Mr. and Mrs. O.B. Chisholm, at New York, stated thatthey would sail to-morrow morningDelegates to the National Congressof the Daughters of American Revolution, whicn will be held in Washington, D. C, February 22, will be electroNow on display. Fiftepn new style?and colors in shapes to suit everyman's fancy $4 and $5.J. W. DAVIS & CO.irom New York on the steamer "City at a meeting of Je,mima Johnson Chapof Manchester" for their future home ter, D. A. It., of Paris, to be held atin Cape Town, Africa. They will go di two o'clock to morrow afternoon, atiect, having abandoned tiheir previous- the home oC Misses Winnie and Louly-planned months' visit in England. Williams, on Pleasant street. The bus-nno nf Hm roaiiv pninvniiip snin! iness session will be followed by aBANKS CLOSE MONDAY.Paris banks (and others also) willbe closed Monday. The day is a legalholiday, being the birthday oi Abraham Lincoln, the martyred President.The day was set apart as a legal holiday in Kentucky by a special act of asevents of the season was the bridgeparty at The Sweet Shop, Wednesdayafternoon, at which Mrs. James Woodford was the gracious Qiostess. Refreshments were served the guests after the games. The first prize, sill:hose, was awarded to Mrs. ThornweJlTadlock, the second, a fancy basket,awarded to Mrs. Albert Hinton,social hour, during which a literaryprogram will be rendered.FINE SKATING.the Legislature some years ago. It is and Mrs. Buckner Woodford drew thea legal, but not a National holiday, in consolation prize, a candy pudding,tihis State. ,The jruests were: Mrs. John Yerkes,SURE CURE FORRed Cross Cold and Grippe Remedyis guaranteed. For sale by(6-2t) VARDEN & SON.PUBLIC SALE OF JERSEYS.Mrs. Frank M. Clay, Mrs. Ben Woodford, Mrs. Callie Thomas Nichols, Mrs.COLDS AND COUGHS. Will Wornall, Mrs. Thompson Tarr, IMrs. Wm. G. McClintock, Mrs. ThomasBuckner, Mrs. William B. Ardery, Mrs.Lew Taylor, Mrs. Catesby Woodford,Llr., Mrs. Luther Rice, Mrs. Albert Hintton, Mrs. Buckner Woodford, Mrs.J Thornwell Tadlock, Mrs. Joseph MHall. Mrs. Jrtmes H. Thompson, Mrs.. 77T , . . , Walter Kenney, Mrs. Louis Rogers.The attention of those interested m Mrs Carlie wilmoth. Misses Rachelsecuring good Jersey cows or Guer- wiggins and Nancy Griffith,nesys for their herds is called to the Two 0f the most pleasant socialdisplay advertisement in this issue of events of the week in the Clintonvilletne public sale of Jerseys to be liei.l V1in?tv wpro the entertaining: of theThe recent zero Either has furnished excellent skating on the creeks andponds, the ice being of good qualityand nicely adapted for skating. Several parties of young people have enjoyed the sport on Morton Creek andsome of tilie nearoy psnds during theweek.It Will Go LikeHot Cakes!Be Quick! Hurry! First ComeFirst Choice IOne car load of the finest wall paperever displayed in Paris jnust be sacrificed because we were unable tcmatch it up for this spring.We have sorted this lot of patternscal rill ho hplrl nY Tlia itnnV vnrrlc ... ,. " t. r... n i,i nut into bundles anil Will De ClOSCilofM. J. Mirphv & Co., begiuulis at S?"hf .?fSS5 .J,T'i Z Mis, out for wlmt we can get lor ,t per...mi j.' -wv. - - . tti. hnniiia nnnrniTit:in Paris on Friday, February 1G. The Crociiet Club by Mrs. Oma Gorham.one o'clock p. m., and will continuuntil all the animals are sold. Theofferings cdiiprise the pick of the purchases made by Messrs. D. F. Brown,of Tennessee, and Saniord C. Carpenter, of Millersburg. Read the ad. andcoone to the sale.MERCHANT TAILORING.There are many kinds ours is thpright kind. Everj garment tailoredand fitted to yoi individually right heieon our premises, of the finest woolens i&ll Miss Stephenson was assisted inHazel Stephenson. At thenlaee a luncheon was servedlowing guests, Mrs. Gorham being assisted in entertaining by her daughters. Misses Roberts and Mary Gorhajin: Mrs. W. W. Haley, Mrs. A. LStephenson. Mrs. J. T. Estes. Mrs. G.W. Dawson, Mrs. Thomas Weathers,Mrs. Kelley Haley, Mrs. R. S. Darnaby,Mrs. Sarah Schooler, Mrs. S. C. Crawford, Mrs. Fred Estes, Mrs. W. O.Florence, Mrs. Thomas Darnaby, Mrs.voYvion shfnn and Miss Maude Par-former bundle.the fol- enoughEach bundle containto paper one or more rooms,ceiling, border and side wans tomatch. Some Oat Meals in the lotSale starts to-day. These papers costus anywhere from lo cents to ?l.o0the roll.COME IN AND GET FIRST PICK.THE FAIRThe store that seirs everything especially WALL PAPER.procurable.ready.LOST PROPERTY FOUNDTHROUGH AD. INOu- spring display is receivjRg and entertaining her guestsby her mother, Mrs. A. L. stepnensop,J. W. DAVIS & CO. Iand her sisterSf Misses Cordelia and'.Sarah Stephenson. After serving theI luncheon, the guests enjoyeu a nuni-NEWc her of interesting games. Those pres-on fnr the afternoon were Mrs. Mr-That "it pays to advertise" was" GaiH. Mrs James Wood ord.again most forcibly demonstrated Mrs. Luther Rice j Mrs. LS Crawford,Tuesday when a lost t.rooch advertised Mrs. Ctoude Weatli ers Mrs. W. Rby Dr. J. A. Orr was found through SUpp. Mrs ilHs Lier M rs V ardenthe advertisement in THE NEWS, and Shipp. Mn .J. .P. Wgthws&and Missrestored to its owner by Mr. Charles Emma Todd, the latter ot xsortnr.. imonoirar nf tho A T WllPPlPr UietUWl-U1CCU( iuuuu. v- .w -. - ... -& Co. furniture storeX-. rnnrt fniinrl fnfl Virftfiph CrTHfdays ago, and held it in hopes of Ending the owner. Seeing the ad. in THE(Other Personals on Pa?e .)WHY IS IT THUS?. tntirn rC n LoilisvillONEWS, Mr. Green called up to iniorn. ' a .Ii'1"'5""' Tuner $d nn trousero,he loser that fee brooch was I. .pSfktoSftaSDossession. ,--. -,.. .i - nnAMoral: Even if you lose your head, with him anout i u ly oiu bw--youcan have it restored by advertising from Pans people, jhosli ol vin THE 'NEWS' .patronized thorae merchants, ine louin THb JNw. ifcville house pays no taxes here; thetraveling man pays no license here,DISTRICT MEETING OF 'the house "he represents pays noI. O. O. F. LODGES, money in Paris for clerk hire, for ad-Ivertising, for any kind of expense toThe Seventh District meeting of the which the local meichant is subJecteuI O O. F. lodges of Central Kentucky and they get all the gain, dePnwill be held at the lodge room of the home merchant of their ngnuuiwin u "- rt n . !.. rpi1A trfl.vp.ifnir man departs.iiouroon loage ;u. o. i. v. w. x-.f iuaiu ;--. "0,licf ftf thG CitvlParis on Wednesday, Feb. 14. Repre- and as he shakes the , dust ofj the citjsenUtives from the following lodges from his feet, he gieeiuiij remai ,comprising the district will bepresen; Himself: "Oh, n1 SwmwT.and take part m the programc Bour-, Another traveling man came to Paribon, BaUi, Clark, Fayette, Franklin.' representing a CinaHhCl0In),JMenifee. Montgomery. Nicholas. Scott house, not ,fnVoi away aand Woodford. Judge W. V. Gregory, the local clothiers and tools .aw a.of Mayneld,:GranJ Master of the State, least seventy-five orders. He W"Grand Secretao' R. G.ElliotCof Lex- license, and his house, as in aU sucainSn. otter Grand Lodge officers 'cases, gets the money taade .wilfbe presenL Judge EB. January, No license Is imposed on itaenmtaof Paris, Pistrict Deputy Grand Master, and the home linert'"au,'.f""" 4"f 10 ;.it i.:-mj,..,nf Rr,.rhnn tHp-p L,Hv from being deprived of suonwill assist in conferring the Past custom and at the same tf me ther exGrand degrees on all Past Masters pre- penses are going on. r"nsseating themselves from all of the in gets probablyabove lodges. On the same .night at restaurant and a fe J7-30 there will be exemplification of cigarettes-and thats what Paris geto,i!- 4. .....1- ., ?nctniMtnno trt Jill o 'Ha ahUTR Of hJS big traae.mini JLfCBICO llic iju-o. .w.w-v- .....be made by visiting brethren and others. Every Odd Fellow In this communit: ,-hPthir s. member, of a lodge in thisor any other SUu should t be present ji on this occasion. Bom bon Lodge dfcsires to make Ui.g the Danner meetingof the year. You are reseotfully inTited. Hemetober the date, Wednesday, Feb. 14, Valentine Jtey ThU willbe a sreat event in I. O. 0 F. circlesThJilsiheVictrola X, $75S'MATTER, JAMES?Editor James Allen, in the Cynthiana Democrat, says:"No -doubt it is true Traffic Ordinance No. 380 is in force 'frctm oceantoSan, and from Canada to Mexicoit is not in force at Georgetown.Paris Caritle! Millersburg .Falmouthand other -benighted towns in this viclnlty, an0 that hurts Cynthiana., Little folksenjoy theVictrola "'They enjoy the catchy musicas well as the big folks and theysoon get to have "favorites" oftheir own. .There are besides special chilren's records of well-known songsand recitations which are thechildren's own.Brine the children inlo hear some of the ipecial Victor Record! forchildren. We'll Eldlyplay them and tell yoJ howcik) it it to get a Victoror ictrola $10 to $-100.DftUGHERTYBROSAp" WEm4$ j-a.HOUSE DRESSESlThat Appeal ToYour Pride AndYour PurseA delightful surprise awaits you at ourstore this week. The new models of HouseDresses have just arrived and are now ondisplay for the first time.We thought oue last dresses were unbeatable, but the latest arrivals surpassthem in style and beauty.WE NEED NOT ADD THATTHEY AREW-SKdSTHiT m liiilmmil '? w4zwl lap' III HPii K 1 ii llll'i i-kctric ijjTHEELECTRICBRAND((Famed-For-Fit"for this store has always handled the best and The ELECTRIC Brand stands foremost among House and Porch Dresses. !From a dollar and cents point of view these dresses cap the climax in value,and you'll quickly agree with us when you see these dresses.ASK THE SALESLADY TO SHOW YOU THESE DRESSESThe Adjustable DressesThe Adjustable HemThe Reinforced PartsThe Firmly Attached ButtonsThe Carefully Made ButtonholesThe Tailor Finished SeamsThe MendersThe Under-Arm Dress Shields$1.00 to $3.00Sizes 34 to 56PRAINK & COMPANYrai ranDon't Let ANYTHING Keep YouAway- From OurBIG CASH SALEJD XT H. 1 3XT C3rFebruary and March!Brussells 9x12 Rugs, $12.80is unly une ot UiirJJig JbeaturesV. gN - H. VJ VvREMEMBERBig reductions on every article inour immense Stock.5THE J. T. HINTON CO.MOTOR HEARSEMOTOR INVALID COACHUNDERTAKING"EITHERPHONE" 36SIXTH AND MAIN STS..J-1. MIPAGE SIXTHE BOURBON NEWS, PARIS, KY.FRIDAY, rWBRVAMY K WkJftI1JViitItlljrftCONSTIPATION MAKES YOU DULLPLANS FOR MONUMENT TOKENTUCKY POET AT DANVILLEThat draggy, listless, oppressed feel-ter gent-rally results from constipa- Plans are beine made, according totln. The intestines are clogged and advices received in Paris by the Unite athe blood becomes poisoned. Relieve Daughters of the Confederacy, for thethis condition at once with Dr. King's erection of a monument in DanvilleNew life Pills; this gentle, non-grin-, u me memory vl yui. xuuuuiU xiara, me greui xusuiuuiLy yucu ncwas a native of Danville, but for yearsmade his home in Frankfort, where hewrote his famous poem, "The Bivouasof the Dead."gentle, non-grip-ig laxative is quickly effective. A.kse at bedtime will make you feelbrigkter in the morning. Get a bottt to-day at your Druggist, 25c.IMMIGRATION BILL PASSED7,MARDI GRASEcb.15-20, 1917New Orleans, La. Mobile, Ala.$23.00 Round Trip $20.45 Round TripFROM LEXINGTONSOUTHERN RAILWAY SYSTEMTickets on sale for use on Febrauary 12, 13, 14, 15, 16, 17, 18 and19. Good returning to reach Lexington prior to midnight, March 2,1917.Privilege of extension to March 19, 1917, on deposit of ticket andpayment of fee of $1.00.For tickets and full information apply toH. C. KING, Passenger & Ticket Agent, Lexington, Kentucky.MARDI GRASOnly a Day and Night to New OrleansLOUISVILLE & NASHVILLE R. R.Tickets on sale daily February 12 to 19, inclusive.New Orleans $23.55; Mobile $21.00; Pensacola $20.70,Round Trip From Paris.Sleeping car fare $4.00 to $4.50 each way. Board at bestprivate homes SI. 00 per day, or at first-class hotels $2.00 perday and up. For particulars see L. & N. Agent.jSPCall for list of hotels, rooming and boarding housesWASHINGTON, Feb. 6 Congresslias overridden a veto by PresidontWilson for the first time and enactedinto law the immigration bill, with itslong-fought literacy test provision. TiieSenate voted iate Monday, 62 to 19, topass the (measure, notwithstanding theveto and in spite of eleventh-hour information that Japan again had protested against the language of theAsiatic exclusion section.The House' overturned the veto lasLweek by a vote of 2S7 to 106 so theSenate's action ends the contest oftwenty years' standing, in which threePresidents have repudiated similarbills passed by Congress.The international situation wasbrought into :he closing debate in theSenate, Senator Reed calling attentionto the Japanese objection and pleadingthat nothing be done at this time todisturb or impair the country's relations with a fiiendly nation.Senator Smith, of South Carolina,Chairman of the Immigration Committee, answered with the declaration thathe present state of international affairs emphasized the necessity for apure, homegenous American people.sucn as tne nm was intended to protect.The literacy test provided for in thobill excludes fiom the United Statesall aliens over 16 years of age physically capable of reading who can notread the English language, or someother language or dialect, includingHebrew or Yiddish. Any admissiblealien, however, or any citizen of theUnited States may bring or send forhis father o grandfather, over 55years of a'ge, his wife, mother, grandmother or unmarried or widoweddaughter, if otherwise admissible, regardless of vhether such relative canread.Service FirstThe City has added a new r ire Truckto its equipment to provide adequate andefficient protection to you.The County has built modern roads foryour convenience, safety and comfort andto provide an efficient means of travel andtransportation.The Home TelephoneCompany has added a new Truck toits equipment, which, with its other two,will provide an efficient means of caring forthe plant which furnishes modern telephone service.Have you a HOME PHONE? Join themodern procession. Call contract department now.Paris Home Telephone & Telegraph Go.(Incorporated)J. J. VBATCH, District Manager.W. H. CANNON. THOMAS K-Equipment Manager.JdMITH.Cashier.COLD WAVE STRIKES FLORIDASAME AS KENTUCKY.Florida suffered during the recentcold wave as well as t he NorthernStates, as evidenced by a report fromJacksonville. Florida, to the WeatherBureau at Washington, which says:"A cold wave during the last 4Sihours has made heavy inroads onLilt; WlllLcl huil uiiu vesv;tu.uje tiujj mthe Southern producing belt. Thecitrus fields as far ns Middle Floridawere severely dajniaged, according Loteports received here, and the year'sproduction of Irish potatoes and tomatoes virtually destroyed in all theState, except the Southern tip. Vegetation in Louisiana also suffered heavily. One message from a Floridagrower, sent to an Atlanta commissionhouse, said that in seventeen years nosuck crop damage had been wroughtin the Florida fields."GIRLS! THICKEN ANDBEAUTIFY YOUR HAIRAND STOP DANDRUFF.TryThis! Your Hair Gets Wavy,Glossy and Abundant at Once.WWlHHIIIHtllliniMllllHIIHIIllllHHMtAUTOMOBILE HEARSE OR AMBULANCEI dMire to varTT tft ovr friends timt I can, wher desired,furnltk an autofui'Mt lnm or ambulance. This method oftransportation iJ espedall7 desired on Ions; trips, the same beins; aade in better time, and at no advance in cost oyer thehorse-drawn conveyance.GEO. W. DAVIS. Funeral Director.7mIHHH1I1MHHH' ! (tiHHHIHHUMIII 1 1To be possessed of a head of heavy,beautiful hair; soft, lustrous, fluffy,wavy and free from dandruff is merelya matter of using a little Danderine.It is -easy and inexpensive to havenice, soft hair and lots of it. Just geta 25-cent bottle or Knowlton's Danderine now all drug stores recommend itapply a little as directed and withinten minutes there will be an appear-lance of abundance, freshness, fluflinessand an. incomparable gloss and lustre,and try as you will you can not find atrace of dandruff or falling hair; butyour real surprise will be after abouttwo weeks' use, when you will see newhair fine an i downy at first yes butreally new hair sprouting out allover your scalp Danderine is, we believe, the only sure hair grower,destroyer of dandruff and cure foritchy scalp uid it never fails to slopfalling hair at once.If you want to prove how pretty andsoft your hair really is, moisten a clothwith a little Danderine and carefullydraw it through your hair taking onesmall strand at a time. Your hair willbe soft, glossy and beautiful in just afew moments a delightful surpriseawaits everyone who tries this.(adv)mNTOFF EVERY DOLLAR!ONLY SEVEN MORE SHOPPING DAYS OFOUR BIG CLEARANCE SALEIn Which to Buy Furniture, Rugs, Coal Cook Stoves, CoalRanges, Gas Ranges, Coal Oil Stoves, Dining RoomSuites, Chairs, Rockers, Bed Room Suites.In fact, everything that goes to make the home more cheerfuland to meet everynecessity. Many have already taken advantage of this golden opportunity andWE invite YOU to visit our store within the next week before this sale is overas there is no other store that will surpass US in prices when it comes to quality.We are cutting prices, as you will readily see when you Mislt our store. Comeand bring the "Homekeeper:', We will meet your pocketbook with Furniture thatare bargains during this sale.Dining Chairs, Leather Seat, Q. 0.were ,$3.00, now $2.50Dining Chairs, were S2.5Q, now $2.00Dining Chairs, were 1.50, now $1.25Dining Chairs, were $1.25, now $1.00Rockers, were $2.50, now $2.00Rockers, were $2.00, now $1.50Rockers, were $1.50, now $1.00Rockers, were $4.00. now $3.00Rockers, were $3.50, now $2.50Dining Tables.square top, 8 feet,were $10.50, now. -.- $8.25Dining Tables, square top, 6 feet,were 8.25, noK- $6.25Q. 0. Double Plank Top 8-FeetPedestal, was $40.00, now S32.00Q. 0. Double-Plank 45-inch Top 6-FeetPedestal, was $28.00, now $22.00Q. 0. Double-Plank 48-inch Top 8-Feet 'Pedestal, was $35.00, now $27.00Q. 0. Double Plank 45-inch Top 8-FeetPedestal, was $28.00, now $20.00Plain Double-Plank 45-inch Top 6-FeetPedestal, was 122.00, now $18.00Plain 45-inch Plank Top 6-FeetPedestal, was $27.00, now $19.00E. M. WHEELEREIGHTH AND MAIN STREETSDIRECT BY MAIL.BSSST BH BE' Bm VbCSjBj l SBBBBBflA joke is going the rounds illustrating the wonderful perfection attainedby modern war onachines. UncleEphriaon's sympathies were with theAllies. "Man," he announced, "Hasyou heard 'bout dem allies?" "Dey'3gotta gun nhat kin hit yo' it it'stwenty-Wire? miles off." "Lawsie, dataint numnY' sneered a colored partisan of the opposite camp, "de GerVnans dey kin hit yo' it dey jes' has yo'address."Gettin back to actual things, do youknow thac jou have an advertisinggun that can hit the ,prospect if youjust have his address? And do youknow THE NEWS has both the gunand the ammunition for just such ctcampaign?5Cwiit Bros. Department storeSwntft and main Sts. Paris, KeHWckySEVERE COLD QUICKLY CURED.danville' to have hospital.Young Man, Don'tScatter Your Dollars!JTOUTHTMQWIS PBOlllGrAL. Ereauentlv the vounir man DOESN'TTHE VALUE OP A D0LLAB.YOUTH IS 3f0T EVERLASTING. "The big men of the country laidIke ffudatioi for their inccess by opening a bank account when they.- tract ytur.If You Hope to Amount to Anything Don'ttBelay Starting a Bank Account.Start It Today.Farmers & Traders' BankJF WXIMtf JtTVinfllvS vWH.aanoM,JNO. J. M.CLINTOCK, CaahlerBtOkkttftT.Sixth' and Main Streets, Paris, KyDanville will have a new $40,000lwspital building. This became knownwhen the Danville Hospital Co;mmiftee purchased from C. C. Bagray hUproperty on Soutfti Third Street, andannounced that a large fire-proobuilding would be erected as soon asthe weather permi,ts. The old brickbmiQP that, has stood on the lot fortwo generations will be dismantled atthe earliest opportunity. Plans rethe building will be ready within ashort time and it is Iflie hope of thecommittee that the work may be begun in the early spring. The buildingwill be ready for occupancy next fallHOW'S THIS?"On December first I had a very severe cold or attack of the grip as itmay be, and was nearly down sick inbed," writes O. J. Metcalf, Waterby,Mo. "I bought two bottles of Chamberlain's Cough Remedy and it wa3only a few days until I was completelyrestored to health. I firmly believethat Chamberlain's Cough Remedy isone of tihe very best medicines aniwill know what to do when I have another cold." Obtainable everywhere.(Feb-adv)GREAT REDUCTIONSOn Ladies andChildren'sSuits, Cloaks,Skirts,Waists, Etc.We offer One Hundred Dollars Reward for any case of catarrh that cannot be cured, by Hall's Catarrh Cure.F. J. CHENEY & CO., Toledo, O.We, the undersigned, have known- F.J." Cheney for the last 15 years, andbelieve him perfectly honorable in allbusiness transactions and finally ableto carry out any obligations made bhis firm.NATIONAL BANK OF COMMERCE,Toledo, O.(Feb-adv)EATING A PLEASUREw&en you have a normal appetite.Loss of appetite indicates that thestomach needs to be cleaned, sweetened, and stimulated to healthy action.m4f .J' nis soldteed to?1.00.TRADE MARKTONIC DIGESTIVEfor this purpose ana guarangive relief. Sold only by us,OBERDORFER,Tha Droiit,;Paris, Ky.MRS. KIESO SICKSEVEN MONTHSRestored to Health by Lydia E,Pinkham's Vegetable Compound.Aurora, 111. "For seven long monthsI suffered from a female trouble, withsevere pains in myback and sides untilI became so weak Icould hardly walkfrom chair to chair,and got so nervousI would jump at theslightest noise. Iwas entirely unfitto do my housework, I was givingup hope of ever being well, when mysister asked me totry Lydia E. Pinkham's Vegetable Compound. 1 tooK six bottles and today Iam a healthy woman able to do my ownhousework. I wish every sufferingwoman would try Lydia E. Pinkham'sVegetable Compound, and find out forthemselves how good it is." Mrs. CarlA. Kieso, 596 North Ave., Aurora, 111.The great number of unsolicited testimonials on file at the Pinkham Laboratory, many of which are from timeto time published by permission, areEroof of the value of Lydia E. Pinkam's Vegetable Compound, in thetreatment of female ills.Every ailing woman in the UnitedStates is cordially invited to write tothe Lydia E. Pinkham Medicine Co.(confidential), Lynn, Mass., for specialadvice. It is free, will bring you healthand may save your life.iI i SSSSS: H1 1 1 fflSSKziaPflPi II1 Twin Bros. Oep't Store"" W9M9meevwBourbon LaundryDWIS & FUNK, Props.Telephone No. 4. . West 5 StreetSatisfaction'Witch wordis OurWith all the latest, improvements in laundryappliances fand experthelpers we are preparedto do work inferior tonone, and solicit yourpatronage.Bourbon Laundry,Pari KMtMcky.fihitv$:oCFRIDAY, FEBRUARY 9, 19 L7.THE BOURBON NEWS, PARIS, KX-page saraftr;yFOR RENT.Three unfurnished rooms at No. 733Walker avenue. Hot and cold waterand other conveniences. Call Home?!faone 339. (jan30-tf)Notice To the Public!I "will pay this season the nighestprices that have ever been known inParis for horse hides, beef hides,heap pelts and furs.I will also pay the highest marketprice for Rags and Paper. I will sendafter it any place in the city. Callby Cumberland phone 374. Office onJSghth Street.(20-oct-lyr) MAX MUNICH.Public SaleOFStock and FarmingImplementsHaving sold my farm, 1 will sell atpoblic auction, at my farm near MLCarmel Church, on the Cynthianapike, onThursday, Feb, 22, 1917,beginning at 10 o'clock a. m. the foilowing:100 head ot ewes;25 grade Shortihorn yearling steersand heifers;5 registered Shorthorn cows an-1calves;? registered Shorthorn bulls;. sows and pigs;fc gilts to pig;10 shoats;1 ,pair three-year-old draft geldings;1 yearling draft gelding;1 three-year-old draft mare;1 one-year-old filly;1 extra buggy mare;1 20-horsepower coal oil engine;1 Ohio cutting box for filling silo;1 top-buggy;Farm implements of all kinds;Some household and kitchen furniture. TERMS All sums tinder $20, cash;usual terms for all larger sums.J. M. SCOTT.febG-td)yi. F. Renaker, Auct.Public SaleoSqSoooSSqSmSfmmmKT , WGKiW V D3?I WnTOBACCO BUYNG ONLYTEMPORARILY SUSPENDED.TL. V- j mi .1 TTlOe IY1I1U 1T1UIUCX U5C3Everr time mother gets out Calumet I know there's going to be goodthings to eat at our house. Delicious,tender, tempting doughnuts, biscuits,cakes and pies! I've never seen a bakeday failure with Calumet. MotheiS2ys it's the only Baking Powder thaiinsures uniform results.Received Highest AwardiKtu Ceii r.l Trtt S S-r. c; - !..-J&TV j05V',-- Cen' TBBBfflMMKT-SBBr &i raw nfllSu wW q& 5$I KV v ViV vrsr-V- CHC' ' JLEXINGTON, KY., Feb. 6 A publisrtied report that tlie American Tobacco Company had ''withdrawn" fromthe Central Kentucky market "j)re-t-snmably on account of the war situation" was given official denial at localoffices.Captain J. A. Hutchinson, representative of Ameiican Tobacco Company,said: "On account of the congestionat country mirkets and at redryerhere, a temporary suspension of buying was advised from the Louisville! office. It is nearly impossible to getcars and the tobacco has piled up mquantity. There is danger of lossthrough funking, and it would be follyto keep buying when 'we could not(move what was on hand. I do not be-"lieve that th. suspension will be neeessary beyond a few days. The Amerjican Company has not withdrawn fromthe market Just as soon as the congestion is relieved, normal conditionswill be restored."It was explained that congestion hadnothing to do with t,he war situationand is in no tense a new condition. Ittime when difficulty is encountered inmoving its pu: chases. It has happened repeatedly in former years.One effect of the suspension ofsales on the local market willbe to enable the various buying companies to move tobacco that could notbe handled during the severe weather.PADUCAH, KY., Feb. 6. Buyer inthe dark tobacco district have receivedinstructions to discontinue the purchase of tobacco, which indicates thatthe break with Germany means thatno more tobacco will be purchased inthe Black Patch as long as diplomaticrelations remain in their present condition. The order came Monday and thebuyers absolutely refused to make anytrades. Growers were greatly disappointed because tobacco is in excellentcondition for delivery and many loadawere hauled back to the farm.EDW. BURKE, PresidentH. S. CAYWOOD, Vice-Pres.5IJINO. T. COLLINS, ManagerDirectorsEDW. BURKE H. S. CAYWOODSAM CLAY A. L. STEPHENSONJAS. CALDWELL . J. L. DENTONA. B. HANCOCKR0BT. E. BEATTY D. W. PEEDLUTHER STIVERS JN0. T. COLLINSC. D. WILSON S. R. BURRISW. M. ROGERSWINCHESTER, KY., Feb. 6. Ordershave been received here by representatives of the American Tobacco Company to discontinue purchases on theloose leaf market. The order followed a few honrs after the local men hadbeen notified to purchase 50 per cent.of the offerngs until further noticeIt is said the order is general througout the burloy belt.I THE BEST RECOMMENDATION.Cheap and big canBakingPo wders do notsave you money. Calumetdoes it'sPureand far superior to sour milk and soda.DON'T BE AFRAID!OFBourbon Co. FarmPuruant to the power to sell andreinvest the property herein described expressly conferred upon me byrn will of ray mother, Mrs. ElizabethB. Ranck, of record in the office ofthe Clerk of the Bourbon CountCourt, in will Book T, page 253, Iwill, onSaturday, Feb. 17,1 9 17,at the court house door in Paris.Kentucky, at about the hour of IIo'clock a. m., expose to public salethe following lands lying in BourbonCounty, Kentucky, and fronting on theHawkins & Cummins Turnpike about7 miles from Paris:About 39 acres of land, subject Usurvey, fronting on said turnpike, adjoining J. H. Bell on the north andwest and D. M. Frederickson and William Sageser on the south and saidturnpike on the east. ,TERMS. !iSaid sale will be Imade for onethird cash, payable March 1, 1917, !when deed will be delivered, balancein one and two years from March J,1917, -with interest from date, payableannually. For any further informationinquire of my attorneys, Talbott A:Whitley.MRS. ELEANOR M. WILLIAMS.M. F. Kenney, Auctioneer.(Feb6-9-13-16)An Irishman got a job with a circus as the impersonator of a lion. Hewas fitted up with a lion's skin andtaught to growl in imitation of a wildbeast But his nerve failed him whenhe was put into a cage with a ferociouslooking Numidian specimen. Hewhimpered and retreated as the otherlion approached. When it was at lastalmost the limit of Pat's endurance theother lion informed him, "Don't baafraid. I am an Irishman jmyself."This story always saves us whenwe call on a business lion. He maygrowl and try to scare us but we always say, "Don't be afraid; he's justa man himself." And even thougnhe is impersonating a lion or a beai,he doesn't fool or freighten us.The strongest recommendation anyarticle may receive is a favorableword from the user. It is the recommendations of those who have used itthat makes Chamberlain's Cough Remedy so popular. Mrs. Amanda Gierhart, Waynesfield, Ohio, writes,"Chamberlain's Cough Remedy hasbeen used in my family off and on fortwenty years and it has never failedto cure a cough or cold." Obtainableeverywhere.(Feb-adv)SUBMARINE CAMERA.SOMETHING GOOD.Those who hate nasty medicineshould try Chajnberlian's Tablets for,constipation. They are pleasant to"take and their effect is so agreeableand so natural that you will not realize that it has been produced by amedicine. Obtainable everywhere.(Feb-adv)Photographs of the wrecked Lusitania and Titanic as they lie manydmndred feet deep on the bed of the'neean imav be obtainable in the neafuture, by the use of a new cameia'devised to take deep-water pictures.This instrument is operated by the aidof a powerful electric searchlight that,goes down -vith it. Lens and shutteriare controlled from the surface. The'apparatus is constructed so that every'part of it ill stand a strain of 50njipounds to Hie square inch.i "LINGERING COUGHS DANGEROUSThe BourbonTobacco Warehouse Co.Holds All Records!Season's Average 3,768,600 pounds sold for $ 18.20Crop Aveee SStSSSHL. HitFloor Average 90,400 pounds Average $ 22.03High Basket Dimmitt & Coy $113.00elS Where Averages are BetterDay After DayWE INVITE COMPARISON!4S FEBRUARY 1-&Notice to Water Consumers.Water accounts are rendered forquarter from January to April 1, andmust he paid at the office of the ParisWater Cofnpany in fifteen days, or water -will be shut off. Parties desiringto do so can ipay as formerly, sixmonths. Rebates due anyone will becredited on these bills.(12-tf) PARIS WATER CO.Get rid of that hacking cough thatkeeps you awake at night and drainsyour vitality and energy. Dr. King'sNew Discovery is a pleasant balsamremedy, antiseptic, laxative andpromptly effective. It sooths the irritated membrane and kills the coldgerms; your cough is soon relieved.Delay is dangerous get Dr. King'sNew Discovery at once. For nearlyfifty years it has been the favoriteremedy for grippe, croup, coughs andcolds. Get a bottle to-day at 'yourDruggist, 25c.(Feb-adv)Taking a walk on an empty stomachis said to cure indigestion; but yo-ishould be careful whose stomach youwalk on.PUBLIC SALEOFSplendid Bourbon County FarmOne That will Produce the Crop That WillBring the Money,, I will sell to the highest bidder, onSaturday, February 17th, 1917at 1 p. m., o'clock, at the Court House door, in Paris, Ky., my farm of 292acres on the Bethlehem pike, 4 miles from Paris, 14 miles from Lexington,and t3 miles from Hutchison Station, on the L. & N. railroad. Farm has onit a' good residence of 7 rooms, and Las only been built a few years. Hasc-ellar, bath room, fine cistern at door, and is in a beautiful location, incenter of farm.There are two good tobacco barns on the place, will hold 18 acres.One of the tobacco barns and good stock barn with 10 box stalls, are nearlynew. New double corn crib with metal roof; meat house, carriage house,tool house, and all outbuildings. Good tenant house of 5 rooms. Farm iawell water with good springs, ponds and running water.This farm is in one of the best sections of the county, the land layswell with very little waste land. It has been used as a thoroughbred horsefarm for nearly forty years, and it is one of the richest farms in BourbonThere is some virgin soil, with much old blue grass sod that hasn'tbeen plowed in 20 to 40 years.I will show prospective purchasers over the place, or Mr. Gravitt, wholives on the farm, will be glad to show it to you at any tifme.TERMS Liberal and made known on day of sale.?. K. NICHOLS,Paris. Ky.You Don't HaveTo StoopIf You Use aGARLANDCabinet Range.'GEO. D. SPBAKES, Auctioneer. . .v ,r19171zmIiUmPENDENTTOBACCO WAREHOUSE CO.PARIS, KENTUCKYBREAKS All Records For Tobacco SalesSeason's Average $18.55RecordsFloor Average $18.55 per hundredCrop Average $36.13 per hundredS Two Baskets $150.00 per hundredA beautiful line of Garlands on dltplay. Come in'and look them ovr.ParisfiasS Electric Ce.9If you want to get the MONEY put yourtobacco under the LIGHT of the Independent.CHAS. C. CLARKE, Manager.'UI:mmmmvsyf --PAGE EIGHTTHE B6UEBON NEWS, PARIS, KY.FRIDAY, TWBRVAMr f. Mtf.-' ". "y ' -STr-5'fMiSB1SIMMIII;;h :'hiiifiOiMiif!'l' I''-.-k4p'r5BRING US YOUREggs, Butter, ChickensTurkeys, Geese and DucksAnd You'll Have More Money!We Pay 1 5c in Trade or 1 2 1 -2c Cashper Gallon for First Class Buttermilk.Yes, everything1 is very high, yet you can getmany articles for less money by dealing withAgain we deem it our duty to warn theDEATHS.SHOCKLEY.Mrs. Eliza Shockley, aged eightythree, died February 4, at the hdmc ofher sister, Mrs. Charles M. Durham,at Moore field. Nicholas countv. hi was born in Fleming county, where shelived until a year ago, when she brokeup housekeeping at Ewing and wentto live with her sister. She was a sister of Rev. J. J. Dickey, of Hutchison,this county. Her surviving childrenare two sons, J. W. and W. II. Stockley, of Fleming county, and one daughter, Mrs. Lottie Wilson. The funeralwas held Tuesday, at 2:15 njFlemingsbu,'g.RELIGIOUS.ComingAttractionsus.public against some dishonest dealers whooffer goods at a lower prlfce and then get evenby using a 16-pound sack for a peck of applesor potatoes. Remember it takes a 25-poundsack to hold a peck.m., atKNIFFIN.mJm9MW99iYours For Low Prices and Honest Weightsand Measures,The BusyleeGashSoree tMtMinmnmiiMILLERSBURGto the property, he was Marshal ofMillersburg, and a little later was madeDejputy U. S. Marshal. One Sunday af-i ternoon he was invited by a number of. young mcn to join them back of thel L. & N. depot, wlere they all indulged-Mrs. O. M. Johnson left Wedne, ' inAk?.g of b?Wl the a? ?re?.som'day for a montl isit to friends at Vsuat "po-v "AV , ". Ulguu '""Witchita Falls, Texas.Mr. and Mrs. P. E. Peterson moved"Thursday to the home of Miss Mar--aretB. Clarke, from rooms in theiOme of Mrs. America P.atler."The Battle fy of Peace" will bct on at the MajVstic Theatre tfiis afternoon, to-night and Saturday afternoon. Admission 25c. Everybodyvants to see this onderful production.Millersburg vas visited by a ternfic blizzard Sunday afternoon. Themercurv dropped Co degrees within an3hoTir. Limbs wen blown from shad'trees, window gloss smashed in thehomes of Mr. J. G Allen and a windowfihntter from th. home of Mr. K. D.Burroughs, and two window glassesfrom the home of Mr. R. C. Bonar.Mr. Sanford C. Carpenter, of Mil' 'lersburg, and Mr. D. F. Brown, urTennessee, will have a sale of ninetyhead of Jerseys and 10 ihead of Guerueeeys at the M. J. Murphy & Co.'stock yards,, in Paris, on Friday, FebIS. The offerings ar choice ones andit "will pay anyone who wants goodanimals to attend this sale. Sale begins at 1:00 p. m.Tine Twentieth Century Club willbold an exhibition of two hundredpictures, loaned by the Elson Art Company, of Boston, on the afternoon ofFebruary 14, 15, G, at M. C. Gymnasium. Admission 25c; school children15c This exhibition of pictures is oemore than ordinary interest The col. lection is a lore- cne and contains roproductions of e masterpieces of avtof different countries and periods.Nearly every gallery tnd country inthe world wouM have to be visited tosee the origin ! njctures. which arebrought together In this collection. Itis hoped everybody will take advamage of this unusual opportunity for atown of this size. (9-2t)Mr. The, iias Jones, aged about seventy, died Monday at 0 p. m., after a- few days illness of inflammation of th"kidneys and other complications. Mr.Jones was taken ill on Wednesday- rior to his death. On Saturday and-Sunday he was thought to be muc.ibetter, but he -was taken worse earlvMonday morning and continued to, grow weaker until the end. He was :;native of Nicholas county, having beei.born and raised within a few miles ofwhere ho died. His entire life wasspent as a farmer. He had been twicnmarried, his first wife being Missj Laura Gorham, his second wife MissRazor, of Paint Lick. By the last union four children were born, three son.Dr. Chas. Jones, of Mt Sterling.Messrs. Mack and Noble Jones, of Millersburg, and one daughter, Miss MaryJones, the last tvo children residingat home. Mr. Jones was a good citizen, industrious, and a feood provider,Col. Geo. C. Kiiiffln. aged eighty-live,died at a hospital in Washington City,Saturday morning, after a long illness,I i vdun.1115 I'Vi" wit ijiiiiiun.ii,o Ul 0,5c.Col. Knifiin came to Pans at a timewhen the business of the city was conducted on old-time principles and be-cdme, interested in the hardware andstove business. Ho was prominently.identified with the business life ofParis, and was a man of fine intellect,J whose presence in any circle was a de.cided addition. But few, if any, of themerchants who were in business herewhen Col. Knifiin was a resident, arcnow alive. Thirty years ago he closedout his business connections in Parteand moved to Washington, D. C, wherehe "entered the Government service in. the "United States Patent Office, hav-j ing been placed in charge of one olthe most important aeparunents inthat branch ot the service. Col.Knifiin soon became well-known inWashington, and wps always glad tomeet old friends from Paris, for whichplace he still retained a genuine affection. He was a brother in-law of the late..lennette was killed. This was lieliev ir- wiinam tnaw, uncie limy;,ed by many to he a premeditated act. founder of the Pns Flouring Mills.A short timojpiior to this the postollice now ine ans K"ns company, navhad been enterel bv burglars, a num- in& married Miss Lou Shaw, who prober of stamps and some money taken ccded llim t0 tllG Prave man' yarsMarshal .Tennette was wurkinc on 'tin aSo. Col. Knifiin was a great-uncle ofcase and had privately announced to ' -Ar'- Logan Howard, Miss Jennie Plowsome of his frienJs that he was run ard and Mrs- Taylor Chandler, all ofdown a cliw that would lead to J fans, ana Mr. wr.erret iiowara, olsensational developments. His'tne county.line lunerai se. vie s were conductedin Washington, Monday, and the burialfollowed in the historic Arlington Cem-The Endeavor Society of the Christian church will meet in the churchparlors Sunday evening at six o'clock.The subject will be "Cifession;"'leader, Miss Carrie Rose. The membersof the Society will give a "ValentineParty" at their business Meeting,which will be held on Monday night. 1The sacred concert which was to!have been given bv the choir of tln!Christian church last Sunday nighwas postponed on account of the badweather. The program will be rendered Sunday nieht under the direr-tion of Mr. A. L. Boatright.The following" officers have beenelected by the Workers' Conferenceof the Christian Church for this year.Superintendent, W. 0. Hinton; Assistant Superintendent, F. Jaynes Savaye;Conference Secretary, Mrs. R. B. Cameron; Sunday School Secretary, Thos.A. McDonald; Assistant Secretary, L.D. Redtfncn; Treasurer, T. A. Hendricks. The following were electedSuperintendents of Division: Adult,Edward T. Hinton; Senior, E. T. Proctor; Intermediate, Mrs. L. D. Redmon;Junior, Mrs. R. F. Moore; Primary.Miss Clara Belle O'Neill; Beginnersand Cradle Roll. Mrs. Lizzie Walker:Home Department, Mrs. A. L. Boatright; Pianist, Miss Esther Boatrightningsomeremains were talcen to Brooksviile,Bracken count', for burial.They were succeeded bv Mr. and Mrs.J. F. Wollums, moving from rooms inthe home of Dr. W. V. Huffman. M.Wolltiais at the time was station agentfor the L. and N. R. R., but soon resigned his position, after purchasing.the interest of -Mr. M. Jf Current in' tiiie coal and lumber business of Clar-t& Wollums. He dia not occupy theproperty long for the senior member ofthe firm, Mr. E P. Clarke, purchasedthe home of Mrs. Ella Thaxton, andMr. and Mrs. Wollums moved to thoproperty vacated by Mr. Clarke and Jfamily. They wore succeeded by Mrs.Elizabeth Powers, and two daughters,:an invalid sister, Mrs. Martha Shockley. Mrs. Powers and family had recently moved from Maysville, she being the widow of Rev. Powers, a well-Irnnwn AT ptlmrli!- rrpnfhpr tlin fnmilvccining here for the purpose of taking t0JL' Kycare of Mrs. Shockley. In a few yearsthe youngest daughter, Miss MattiePowers, .graduated from the M. F. C ,and for a time taught in the Milleroburg Graded Schools. About this timeMrs. Powers died and was laid to reslin the Millersburg Cemetery. She wassoon followed by her invalid sisterMrs. Shockley.The Misses Powers moved to theproperty of Mr. William Wood, onMain street, which has since been'taken down, and from there to Cailisle. The properly was next occupi-'ed by Mr. and Mrs. B. F. Howard. Mb. jHoward sold her effects and returned ,to the home ot her father, Mr. J. G. 'Allen. Mr. R. A. Keams and familyOlivet, Mr. Kearns opening a jewelrystore in the property of Mrs. Sue Sandusk, now occupied by the Blue BowlRestaurant He had been with us buta few months, and was doing a pro.;-!THE PENNY PAPER.etery, in Virginia, just across the Potomac, opposite Washington.MATRIMONIAL.ANNOUNCEMENT.Is the one-cent paper to be a passingfad in lilie United States? The Philadelphia papers, without exception, webelieve, have returned to higher prices,and Philadelphia is the third Americancity in population. 1 he Buffalo papersbolted the one cent platform recentlyin a body. Some of the New York papers are showing signs of nervousnessand talking very gravely about thecost of white paper.It has not been long since nobodythought of getting a first class newspaper for less than five cents and thecirculation of many of the Southernpapers was as large at five cents as ithas been recently at three, two or evenone cent. The Hearst papers in NewYork built up a tremendous circulationwhile charging one cent for a copyand papers like the World, the Timesand the Herald fell in line. The pricewas experimental and it seems not improbable that the experiment will bedeclared a failure.1 ne nennv uaner may oecome ca- itinct within a year or two if .paper re- ?iinains at tne price now cnargeu, 01anything like that price.PARIS GRAND AND ALAMOFridayRupert JulianandLouise LovelyinaBdtina Loveda Soldier''Bluebird Photo-plays.Edwin Stevens in "AMESSAGE FROM THESKY," tenth episode of"The Yellow Menace-'SATURDAY, FEB. 10."The Man of Mystery"A Vitagraph feature in Ave parts. Alsoa Big V comedy, 'Help, Help, Help."MONDAY, FEB. 12.Valentine Grant InaThe Daughterof MacGregor"Famous Players Helen Holmes in "ABattle of Wits," 13tb ejpisode of "ALass of the LimiDei land's,"Hours-Alamo, 2 to 5:30; Paris Grand,7 to 1 0:30, Admission 5 and 1 Oc.SRelatives and friends in this cityof the groom have received the following announcement cards:"Mr. and Mrs. Harry Palmer announce the marriage of their daughter.' RTRTHS.The Worst Handicapin the world is WORRY it ties a man hand and foottakes off the edge of his talents- and cuts down hisability.WORRY as to what will happen to the family if anything should happen to you, will do more than anythingelse to reduce your earning power.LIFE INSURANCE solve the problem the day you getyour Insurance Policy, is the day you cut your fetters.LIFE INSURANCE is the only sure cure for WORRY.The Northwestern Mutual Lite insurance Go.R. F. CLENDENIN, Associate General AgentSuite 201-202 First Nafl BanK Bldg. PARIS, KY.-To the wife of Mr. Earl CulbertMildred, to Mr. Robert K. S(nith, Wed- son, Tuesday .morning, at their homenesday, January the twenty-fourth,nineteen hundred and seventeen, Day-Tihe. groom is a son of Mr. and MrsJohn K. Smith, of Dayton, his motherbeing formerly Miss Ada Hill, of Paris.He is a nephew of Messrs. George M.Hill, W. A. Hill and Charles R. Hill,Misses Flora and Elizabeth Hill andMrs. L. B. Purnell, of Paris. Mr.Smith is a member of the clerical foicein the Cincinnati office of the Southera Railway System (fonmerly theQueen & Crescent) and is a youngman of excellent character. His brideis one of Dayton's charming youngwomen. Mr. Smith has been a frequent visitor in Paris.on Main street, a Maughter.NOTED VIOLINIST SAYS PARIS,1 KY.f IS MUSICAL CITY.Albert Spalding, the well-known violinist, says in an article about musicin the February Wcoian's Home Companion: "I am convinced that the love of,perous misniess. ynen no ab jmusic in American to-day is as strongdown with liver trouble, dying within I anywhere esc in thc world anda lewMt. Olriedlersburg Cemetery, by the Mt OlivetLodge. Mrs. Kearns and childrenmoved from the property to rooms inthe flat of Mr. J. A. Miller.They were foilowed by Rev. Wrightand family, who had several smallcharges in Nicholas county. Mr. Wrightbeing a Methodist preaeher. Shortlyafter movinir to the Dronerty hisa devout member of the Methodist mother died and was interred in Har-it , "-o "-"as anywhere e'.se in the world, anardays. He was a meUiber of the tha(. Us music.loving people are pre.Hivet Masonic Lodge and was bur- d to make greater sacrifices for itWltih Masoni2 honors in the ML- f. nPnnlP with Hip nnssi-church, and a member of Amity LodgeNo. 40, F. and A. M. Funeral .services were held Wednesday at 10 a. m.from his late l&idence, Rev. J. DRedd, P. E. of the Maysville Distric'-,officiating. He was buried under theauspices of Amiry Lodge, Mr. O. R.Rankin codnuctin? the committal services at the grave.HISTORY O MILLERSBURGrison county. Shortly after this Mr.Savage sold the property to Col. C. M.Best, of the M. M. I. For several yearsCol. Best used it as a dormitory, somethan any other people, with the possible exception of Russia. The existence of a very great number of musicsocieties and clubs throughout ourcountry-there's scarcely a ho.'Tilet without one and their support by the cultured and discriminating class, the immense numbers of pianos sold andused, the large sale of classical music,even in the sjmallest towns, the increasing importance given to the studyof (music in the State institutions, andin the matter of phonographs, the perfectly amazing number of superiorpopular and classical records sold intimes tor those who assisted in thjthis country as cdmpared with thecare of the M. I. I. grounds. Later 'number sold in Eurone. all attest theinteresting: growth of music here. InCol. Best rented the property to MissEsther K. Nell, instructor in violinat the M. F. C. She occupied the prop-'ertv some three or four years. In tunThe cottage ot Mr. T. E. Savage, simmer of 1912 Miss Nell secured anow an annex of M. M. I. In beginning position as a member of the orcehstraour history of the individual property at Crab Orchard Springs Hotel duringr- of Millersburg w will take the west the summer season. While there she. side of Main street, begiuning at the met and married Mr. Julian C. Mitcheil-Tiorth end. The town, as we have al- an artist and engraver. Mr. and Mrs- '.rfi-dv said, beran in 1SS9. as it doe.? Mitchell returned to Millersburg, bat-ic-.', ,- . m r , i,i TrontiiL-tr did not remain a great while. She re. r r wfe b.i. 1 ur: &.. v 111 t.iiv uiu iviiLuviikT -..waaiavn riio.r bpn w th ft M. M. signed her .posi" I. Just south of Vie college stood thei,v. live-room cottage, with the end to th'street and a veranda or porch on thosouth side. It vas closed in by a pick-et fence. There was no sidewalk norpavqment to the front door. It was oc-cupied by Prof, nnd Mrs. GarnetThe writer came to Millersburg atdie time when the- law wut was pendfact, musical culture permeates the iwhole country. In Brooklyn, for instance, small .musical circles are as numerous innumerable, rather and almost as close together as the bubblesin a bottle of soda water. The veryair is charged with music. Bach,Beethoven, Schubert, Barhms and Wagner are reeled off the tongue as familirly as baseball oi movies. And thasnmft i trim nf TTnrf- Wnrtli. Tvissigned her .position at the M. F. C. anl (Angeles, Chicago, Kankakee or Paris,went for a time with him to Louisville. 1 rrv nn the ranch or in the backwoodsand from there to Illinois, and are now one wm find the collegian intersperslocated in California. In 1915 Col 'ing ragtime with classic, carrying theBest took down this old landmark ot,meSsage of harmony to the four pointsiuuiersourg, winuu mau wuuaiuuu ot the compass. And the not re-ttorms of many ears. The groundhas been artistically beautified, and isnow a part of the cafnpus of M. M. I.Col. and Mrs. Pe.st hope to erect n. . ... . - -.rut t hnuHcnniA rpsldpurp. on it in the futureIHg Deuween uie enzens ol muiursuur --... -and the Board of Education of the M. as lt 1S one .ot 11,e most attractsE. Church, over the removal of the building sites 111 our town.K. W. C. The case was then in th"U. S. Supreme Court, and in about twoTears after it w?s decided to change to BUYS BOURBON FARM.Winchester, ProL Garnet occupied achir in tihe K. W. C, the happy homemarkable, but little suspected, fact isthat most of these people are Americans generations deep. Just go to theMetropolitan and 'great' night andyou'll And that 90 per cent, of the people who've paid the price of admissionta a considerable sacrifice and are suffering the inconvenience of standingup downstairs are Americans to the!core. Nor do the 'gallery gods' at theopera (monopolize musical taste, as perfoolish tradition. Tho people in theboxes and the stalls are, as a rule, notonly well up, but way up in music."STOCK REDUCINGCLEAN SWEEP SALE!Brings you the greatestbargain opportunity. Every department (men's, ladies' and children's)SHOESAND RUBBERSoffers wonderful inducement in their efforts tounload before inventoryThe economical shopper will grasp this opportunitynow and by shoes for future as well as present needs,' 'v. "ixV. N.JIK TfrW?A&-for this sale means "economy."Visit our store without fail, as space permit us tomention only a few of the hundreds of bargains that'await you.ww11 iV; : kII . IIKJU'atfi'&vaLadies' Dark Russia Calf BootsS6.00 valuesLadies' Dull Kid High Cut Boots$4.50 values --- .Ladies' Patent Kid Cloth Top Boots5.00 valuesLadies' Patent and Gun Metal Shoes$3.50 valuesLadies' Gun Metal. button, 2.50 val.Ladies' Felt Boudoirs, SI. 00 valuesLadies's Felt Juliets, fur trimmed$1.50 values .$3.692.992.491.991.69.49,79Men's Eussia and Platinum Calf Walk-Overand Beacon, 4.50 values $3.49Men's Russia and Plat. Calf English WalkOver Samples, S6.00 values $4,00Men's Gun Metal English Medium Toe Welts,?4.00 values $2.99Men's Gun Metal Button and Lace$3.00values -..' 1 .99Men's Tan and Black Romeos$1.50 values 99Men's Black Felt Slippers75-cent values 49s brigtened by the advent of a ir. Wesley Florence, of HarrisonHJTnLer. VVnen ine college as mi- Ml1,nfl. t,0(S rrJinROH nf Mr Wmally moved to Winchester, Prof. Gar- Branm.k of near pariS) the old Lafkin Ijjelt aud family ent with It arnlf of 113 acreSf located near Ktaejv Fuliy(50 feet higher and more t&mirot. uarneu. auu uuuy weie au ton, tor $L6t per acre, a xocai ot $3.-, twice as wide as Niagara the falls ofcdwL by. Mr. ?ud Mrs. Chas. Jen- 2S5. Mr. Florence will get possession iguazu, in South America,' form one oftte. At th tiraj Mr. Jwiaette movex 0t the place in March. v- 'the wonders of that continentLadies' Dawn Grey Kid, Also Mahogany Tan, Most Fashionable Boots at AlmostONE-HALF THE PRICE YOU PAY ELSEWHEREBoys', Misses and Children's Shoes at Great Bargain Prices.FROM THEMacDonald-Kiley Bankrupt SaleMen's High Grade M. & K, $ 1 O.OO and $ 1 2.00 ShoesVarsity Shoes AA to DOIN-SALE MERE AT ONE-HALF PRICEDAN C0HENParis' Greatest Shoe Store.335 Main. Street, Paris, y..IPiVtii"i