i tuCV' -"i;w. ?HV-r.J4i v ?.jaffi;'-VHk v&rV . V'V'VOLUME XXXVIIPARIS, BOURBON COUNTY, KENTUCKY, TUESDAY, JULY .31, 1917TU C DAI I DDAKI Kl CI AC, NL DV J IA D VII I : : II E VlW' PUBLISHED EVERY TUESDAY AND FRIDAY' IN THE. YEAR." ' ,m ' . iJL-T. .. - "1ALLEGED GERMAN SPY ARRESTED IN PARIS (EY.)Suspected of being in the pay ofthe Imperial German Government atBerlin, and of being a part of thegigantic spy system Germany is endeavoring to maintain in this country, a man giving his name as Geo.Majors, occupation a soldier, wasplaced under arrest in Paris by Chiefof Police Link and taken to the Parisjail.The man was arrested in Paris twoweeks ago by Chief Link on a nominal charge of drunkenness. He wastried and given a sentence of sevenand a half days in jail. He toldLink that he was a member of amachine gun company at FortThomas, Company 22, so he stated.Investigation showed that there wasno such company stationed there.Chief Link decided to hold the manon suspicion, and see what could belearned of him. He was put througha course of "sprouts" at the jail, butstuck to his first story all the waythrough.Further suspicion was cast uponMajors after United States secret service officers, who had beennotified, visited him here and puthim through a course of grilling.He told them that he had been associated with a Captain Cutts, of thearmy, and was receiving his ordersthrough him. Cutts is said to havebeen touring the country for the pastfifteen months in the garb of a captain in the United States infantry.Majors was taken in charge byDeputy United States Marshall Finnel, of Covington, on the specificcharge of impersonating an orderlysergeant in the United States army,and with unlawfully wearing theuniform of a United States soldier.He was taken to Lexington, wherehe will appear before United StatesCommissioner Samuel S. Yantis tomorrow morning for a hearing.The star witness in the case, according to information from the authorities, in a Frankfort woman, towhom Majors is alleged to have written, telling her that he was not aUnited States soldier, as he had represented himself to her, but .that hewas a representative of a foreigngovernment. The trial of the suspected spy at Lexington to-morrowwill be attended by a special agentof the Department of Justice, whowill come from Washington for thepurpose. V;SMajors persisted even in Lexington in denial of the charges that hewas a spy and denied most vehemently that he was without authority to wear the uniform of a UnitedStates soldier. He also denied thathe was the agent of any foreign government. He claims to be a nativeof Cyntliiana, and says that he wasin the marine service of the UnitedStates from 1908 to 1912.The night before his removal fromthe Paris "jail to Lexington, Majorsmade an unsuccessful attempt to es-!cape from the jail. He had priedall the cement from around a largestone in his cell, but a fellow-prisonerwho had knowledge of his planstipped them off to Jailer Jos. Farris.Search of the cell disclosed an ironbar in Majors' bed under the mattress. How it got there no one aboutthe jail was able to tell, but if hisplans had not been exposed in timeMajors could easily have made hisescape.Papers found on Majors' person atthe time of his arrest indicated thathe had traveled a great deal in thecompany of "Captain Cutts," andthat he had made at least one trip toPorto Rico, and one across the Atlantic on a ship of the Allies, as anorderly of "Captain Cutts." He woreon his coat a sharp-shooters' medal,but it was of a different regiment andhad been awarded to a man with adifferent name.151 IS IS; CHICKEN THIEF ARRESTEDAt the request of Chief of PoliceLink, of Paris, Winchester police arrested John Craycraft in Winchester,charged with stealing twenty-fourchickens from Mrs. John Shepherd, ofNorth Middletown.Chief Link received information,that led him to believe the thief washeaded for Winchester. If was foundthat Craycraft had sold the fowls toa Winchester poultry dealer. He wasbrought to Paris and jailed. Craycraft was presented before JudgeMcMillan, Saturday morning, and entered a plea of not guilty. He washeld over in $500 bond to appearbefore the grand jury at the nextterni of the Bourbon Circuit Court.TBI ! !!CARLISLE DEFEATS PARIS BYONE-SIDED GAME.Paris and Carlisle baseball teamscrossed bats at the old BluegrassLeague Park, Sunday afternoon, theNicholas county delegation defeatingthe Paris team by a score so badlyone-sided that it will hardly bearpublication. A scrap between twospectators contributed to the gayetyof the occasion, and took the attention of the spectators temporarilyfrom the exhibition of now-not-iorPlay-ball.' , ,f '-fiElOFFICERS SELECTED FOR STATEPRIMARY ELECTION.A meeting was held in the officeof County Clerk Pearce Paton, in thei court house, Saturday, for the purpose of selecting election officers toconduct the primary in this city andcounty at the August election. Anagreement had been previously, madethat the officers for the city shouldbe chosen by Judge B. B. Januaryand the officers for the c6unty precincts named by County Judge C.A. McMillan, candidates for therespective offices of Mayor of Parisand Judge of the Bourbon CountyCourt.All the candidates or their representatives submitted lists from whichthe following officers were named tosupervise the election at the polls inthe city and county on Saturday,August 4:Paris No. 1 Thos. Butler, Sheriff;Ed. Hedges, Frank P. Lowry, judges;Newton Mitchell, clerk.Paris No. 2 Frank Roche, sheriff;E. F. Prichard, John Duvall, judges;Swift Champ, clerk.Paris No. 3 J. M. Scott, sheriff;Denis Dundon, J. S. Wilson, judges,A. T. Rice, clerk.Paris No. 4 Harry Marsh, sheriff;J. M. O'Brien, Martin O'Neill, judges;C. J. Lancaster, clerk.Paris No. 5 M. F. Kenney, sheriff;J. F. McCarthy, T. P. Woods, judges;Harvey Hibler, clerk.Paris No. 6 John Mastin, sheriff;Tom Mynes, H. C. Clark, judges; J.W. Thomas, clerk.Millersburg No. 1 John Leer,sheriff; N. F. Collier, Mack Grimes,judges; E. M. Thomasson, clerk.Millersburg No. 2 John Stewart,sheriff; George Stoker, Jos. Caldwell,judges; Layson Tarr, clerk.Flat Rock No. 2 Frank Collins,sheriff; F. M. Fister, C. R. Walls,judges; Walter Kenney, clerk. 'Flat Rock No. 1 I. T. Crouch,sheriff; J. E. Boardman. W. B.Crouch, judges; F. F. Burris, clerk.North Middletown No. 1 BertRash, sheriff; Frank Sledd, MagnusRash, judges; Ben Bivin, clerk.North Middletown No. 2 W. F.Mitchell, sheriff; John Hash, BenWoodford, Sr., judges; C. C. Hadden, clerk.Clintonville No. 2 J. Frank Clay,sheriff; C. V. Higgins, James Ingels,judges; W. B. Pinckard, clerk.Clintonville No. 1 Brutus Clay,sheriff; J. R. Price, B. S. Parrish,judges; Varden Shipp, clerk.Hutchison No. 1 Frank Buchanan, sheriff; Ike Wilmott, Wm. Meteer, judges; C. R. Wjhite, clerk.- Hutchison No. 2. F. L. Lapsley,sheriff; W. B. Ardery, John Towles,judges; C. R. White, clerk.Centerville No. 2 J. Miller Ward,sheriff; John Clay, Charles Cox,judges; J. H. Ewalt, clerk.Centerville No. 1 Ben Rucker,sheriff; Joe Leach, H. C. Clifford,judges; Vol Ferguson, clerk.Ruddles Mills No. 1 J. C. Keller,sheriff; Geo. Wyatt, Arthur Hendricks, judges; James Fisher, clerk.Ruddles Mills No. 2 Lee Linville,sheriff; B. B. Marsh, Geo. Current,judges; W. S. Isgrigg, clerk.IS IS 51UNION SERIVCES BY YOUNG PEOPLE'S SOCIETIES.At the meeting of the Cabinet ofthe Young People's Societies of Paris,held recently, the following scheduleof union services to be held in theProtestant churches of Paris underthe auspices of the organization, wasarranged :August 5 Methodist ChurchChristian Endeavor, of ChristianChurch, in charge of program.August 12 Baptist ChurchChristian Endeavor, of PresbyterianChurch, in charge of program.August 19 Episcopal ChurchB. Y. P. U. will have charge of theservice.August 2 6 Christian ChurchEpworth League of Methodist Churchwill render program.All the above services will beginat 6:30 o'clock, being held each Sunday evening preceding the regularpreaching service. The public is extended a cordial invitation to attendand the young people of the city areespecially urged to be present.The fourth quartely meeting of theCity Union will be held Sunday afternoon, August 26, at 3 o'clock at theBaptist Church, at which time officersfor the coming year will be chosen.IS fe feB-4 FIREInsure witfraW.O.HINTON &SON,Agts' )9Q feBIDS TOO HIGH ON NEW SCHOOLADDITION.At the recent meeting of the CityCouncil bids for the erection of thenew additions to the white and colored city schools, provided for by a recent bond issue, were submitted byseveral prominent contractors.The bids were discussed and considered as being too high, the lowestbid on the two wings for the whiteschool being about $50,000, and thc.Jaddition to the colored school about$20,000. ISNo action was taken in the matter Zby the Council, and action was defer-red until a future meeting, when it (will be taken up again. The im-provementswill probably not be,made until the prices of'pxatenal arelower.I THE FARMER AND THE SCHOOLTAX.The new tax law enacted by therecent Legislature will govern the! assessment to be made the first ofSeptember.Under this law the heaviest burdenof taxation will fall on the farmlands of Kentucky. Does the farmer,in addition to this burden, wish stillfurther to increase his taxes? If so,the coming primary will give him the Jchance. Listen! Each County Superintendent of Schools has the rightto have levied and collected 20 centson each one hundred dollars' worthof property in the county and a polltax of one dollar and fifty cents forschool purposes in addition to allother taxes.Mark this statement of school taxesin the counties which touch Bourbon: Fayette, 20 cents.Scott, 15 cents.Harijison, 12y2 cents and $1.50 polltaxNicholas, 20 cents and $1.00 polltax.Montgomery, 20 cents and $1.00poll tax.Bath, 20 cents and $1.00 poll tax.Clark 10 cents. But Clark hasthree graded schools in the countywhich assess 35 cents or more.Bourbon county has 10 cents only,and no poll tax. With this ten Superintendent of the Louisville dicents Miss Robbins, besides extending vision. Mr. Sheridan was formerlythe school term to eight months, ha? Inspector of Rolling Stock and laterbuilt 28 new school houses. There Assistant Superintendent of the Louare 44 districts, white and colored, iSV2iie divisionin uie county, sne nas steaaiiy opposed any increase of the tax burden,and in another ter,m could have anew house in each remaining district iwhere one is needed without a centof additional tax.Mr. Cay wood is ery enthusiasticabout the improved school housesand higher salaried teachers he willinstall if elected.There is only one vay to carry outhis theory, and that is to raise thetax rate to the limit.Don't imagine he can't do this. Ifthe Fiscal Court refused J;o make anylevy, which the Superintendent askedfor, to meet the needs of the schoolswithin the limit allowed by law hecould force them to make it by man-damus proceedings in the courts.If there is any doubt anywhere thatMr. Caywood intends to increase theschool tax it can easily be removedby nominating him.And remember: When the addedtax is once levied it will not be re-kduced later. It is the habit of taxesalways to increase and never dimin-ish.TAX PAYER.(adv-lt)?S3 153Tobacco Hail Insurance.Thomas, Woodford & Bryan.STRAW HATSATHALFOur entire line of HopkinsStraws we place on sale today at one-half original price.iRight now is when you need a cool, comfortableStraw the worst, when the old Straw has become soiledand shabby. You can freshen up your appearance bygetting" the pick of a brand new straw at a very smallprice. All sizes 6 3-4 to 7 5-8.575 CentslTo$3.00Soft Brims and Stiff Brims, Plain Sailors, Curled-brimmedAlpines and Telescope shapes.Don't delay; buy while your style andsize is here.Mitchell &Our store closes at 5 p p.1 . -j Htmand Court pays.NEW SUPERINTENDENT TO SUCCEED W. H. ANDERSON.The appointment of Mr. J. H. Morrison, of Birmingham, Ala., to succeed the late Mr. W. H. Anderson asSuperintendent of the Kentucky Central division of the Louisville &Nashville was confirmed Saturday byan official announcement to the employes of .the division and the headquarters in Paris by General Manager B. M. Starks, in Louisville.The new superintendent 'is an experienced railroad man, .having beenassistant superintendent of the Southand North Birmingham Mineral division of the Louisville & Nashvillewith headquarters in Birmingham.Mr. Morrison is a native of Eliz'abethtown, Ky., and has been in theLouisville & Nashville service fortwenty-five years. He is a man whowill become very popular here, it ispredicted.Mr. Morrison arrived in Paris lastweek and immediately began familiarizing himself with the duties ofj his new Position. He will take chargeofficially to-morrow. It is thought theoffice force will remain unchanged,as it is very doubtful if the personnel could be improved for efficiency.Another appointment announcedby General Manager Starks at thesame time was that of Mr. W. F.Sheridan, well-known in Paris, to beta P3A BEAUTIFUL SIGHT.Read The A. J. Winters Co.',s ad-VfrHpmPTit nnrl rpp tvhnf icj in sfnrA(tf) THE A. J. WINTERS CO.E3 3 feTHE BIG AUGUST DANCE.-John Stuart, and Ireland "Bit"Davis could not have found a moresuggestive title for a dance than theone they have chosen for their nextventure, the "Big August Dance."True there will be nothing very au-gust at,0ut it save the title, as it willbe an occasion of merriment, with., . ... .. .nothing smacking of royalty or sol-emnity to mar the occasion.Indications are that the attendanceVilV be the largest of any similar oc-casion this summer, the summer thatis n0w on the wane. Music will befurnished by the Smith SaxaphoneOrchestra, which will positively fillthat date Wednesday, August 1, atthe Masonic Temple ballroom, inParis. The hours will be from nineto three-thirty o'clock.PRIDE!Blakemorem. except Saturdays:SHOOTING AFFRAY AT RED CROSSSUPPER.Following a fight Saturday night atthe conclusion of a Red Cross r icecream supper at. the Hill SchoolHouse on the Hawkins & Cumminspike, between Jacksonville and Gen-terville, Oscar Willoughby was shotand dangerously wounded by a neighbor, Henry Harp.The crowd was just leaving theschool house after the supper, whena disagreement arose between Willoughby and Harp, the nature ofwhich has not been revealed. Thetwo men came out in the schoolyard, when the quarrel which startedin the building, was resumed. Harpdrew a revolver and fired two shots,one taking effect in Willoughby'sneck. Harp made his escape, and isstill at large, despite a vigoroussearch being made for him by theFayette and Bourbon county officials.Willoughby was removed to hishome near Old Union, and was laterbrought to" the Massie Memorial Hospital, in Paris, where he lies in acritical condition.Sheriff Talbott, Deputies McClintock and Marshall, with a posse,went to the scene of the shooting immediately on receipt of a telephonemessage and made a search for theshooter, who was said to be in hidingat the home of his brother, near OldUnion, but returned unable to locatehim. The Fayette and Bourbon officials were still searching yesterdayfor Harp, but to no avail.1PAEIS MERCHANTS TO CO-OPEEATE IN WAR MOVEMENT.Paris merchants are preparing toco-operate with the War AdvisoryCouncil in the movement to conservethe National resources during theAvar with Germany.One source of great waste, the Advisory Council states, is the practiceof requesting the retail merchants tomake unnesessary deliveries of smallarticles and to send goods out on approval, thus requiring two trips ofthe delivery vehicle.This is wasteful in two ways itconsumes in the aggregate an enormous quantity of fuel, and increasesthe demand for labor which might betmore profitably employed in otherways.The War Council makes a patrioticappeal to the women of the land tocarry their small bundles home, tomake certain that they really wantarticles before leaving the store, andwhenever possible, when leavinghome, to carry with them small articles which are to be returned to themerchant.Every dollar saved in this way bythe nation at large will make itstronger in money and means to support the armies in the field and carefor the wounded in the hospital, it isasserted by the prominent men concerned in this conservation plan.a ?aPOPULAR MINISTER PREACHESFAREWELL SERMON.Rev. Dr. O. R. Mangum, for thepast four years the able and popularpastor of the Paris Baptist church,who recently accepted a call to thepastorate of the Baptist church atHenderson, Ky., preached his farewell sermon at the Union servicesheld in the Christian church Sundaynight, to an audience that filled thebig structure. Mr. Mangum tookfor his subject, "God's Tomorrow, or,Watchman, What of the Night?"During his pastorate of the Parischurch Dr. Mangum made a host offriends who will regret to see himleave Paris. He will leave for Henderson this week to assume hischarge. Under his direction themembership of the Paris church hasincreased by 272 additions, makinga total of 492. He has done a great!work in many other ways for thechurch, and the congregation willfeel his loss very acutely. It is notyet known who his successor will be.feTHE COUNTY FAIR.The Third and Fourth Divisions ofthe Bible Class of the North Middletown Christian Church will hold anold-time county fair, with all thetrimmings and frills of the real article, in the church yard at NorthMiddletown, on next Friday night,August 3, beginning promptly at7:30 o'clock. There will be sideshows of various kinds with attractions of guaranteed excellence, redlemonade, peanuts and all the thingsthat used to make life enjoyable at , Rice concluded to Investigate. Upon, Sthe old county fair in the back days. climbing the tree he found a largeV 'Many novel attractions and amuse- house snake wrapped around one ofments have been arranged by the the limbs, endeavoring to get within -committeein charge, and everyone striking distance of the birds. Mr.who attends will be sure to get their Rice beat a hasty retreat and goingmoney's worth. The public is cordi- to the house secured his revolver,ally invited. j He fired four shots at the snake"fe im 1 ' from the ground, a distance of prob-REAL ESTATE DEAL. ably twenty-five feet. Three shotstook effect in his snakeship. Mr. RiceThrough the real estate agency of secured the reptile, and exhibited itG. R. Snapp, at Carlisle, Mr. W. E. to his neighbors as a sample of his vHill, of Nicholas county, purchased markmanship. The reptile menacelast week of Mr. John Prather, of removed the birds resumed their Sun- -Carlisle,the latter's farm of 106 day afternoon -siesta, and peace aad.'acres located in Bourbon county, near quiet again reigned over the Ticimity.the Bourbon-Nicholas line for about The saake measured over "four juubf V,?135 per acre. : 'NEGRO, SHOOTS UP CAR OH H-'TERURBAN LINE. v'When Jack Webster, a Paris ngro, was put off the 11:J5 ParisLexington interurban car attNineteenth street, in this city yestef5.J day for not paying his fare, i, madehim mad, and Conductor B. Anderson, of Lexington, became the object of his wrath.Webster got on the car at Twentieth street, and upon being- asked forhis fare when Nineteenth street wak.reached, refused to pay. He wispromptly ejected by the conductorWebster, in revenge, produced hiarevolver from somewhere in the region of where such things are usually carried and proceeded to fire .three shots through theshot welit through the-car. Onevestibule.one into the rear end of the car, and.one through a window. Andersonleaped from his car and grabbed theshooter, holding him until Paris wasreached, when he escorted him to theParis jail. One shot, it was stated,barely grazed Anderson's collar.Webster was charged with malicious shooting with firing into a.railway car and with carrying concealed weapons. It was a wonderthat the occupants of the car escaped injury by the flying missies.IS3 fe feBRIEP NOTES FROM THE PAGESOF WAR.Unless the government speedily,procures sufficient troop transportsthe United States six months hencewill have an army of 1,200,000 men"all dressed up but no place to go.'A German submarine was destroyed off the French coast west of Calais. The undersea boat went ashoreand the crew, unable to free her,opened the gasoline tanks and set fireto the vessel.For the second time two hostile,submarines have battled to a .decision. The British boat was sunk bya shell from its German adversary"and all but one of the crew weredrowned. The survivor was made aprisoner. The battle occurred in theNorth Sea.Generals It. M. Blachford and JohnBiddle, of the American army, withtheir staffs, have arrived in England.?S ? fc : . ;J-MOST BEAUTIFUL WATCH IN THJEWORLD.Some time in August the representative of the Gruen Watch Manufacturing Co. will be at our store withthe most beautiful watches in America. Read the advertisement in thisissue,(tf) THE A. J. WINTERS CO. ,fe is leaPERSONNEL OF BARROW HOSPITAL UNIT COMPLETE.The personnel of the staff of physicians and dentists which will be in.charge of the medical work of BaseHospital No. 40, now being organizedfor service in France, has been announced by Dr. David Barrow, organizer and director of the unit. Exactly half of the staff will be Lexington physicians. Louisville is represented by four. All of them are practicing physicians or surgeons exceptDrs. Grant and Lileston, both of Louisville, who will compose the dentalstaff, and Drs. W. S. Stephenson andCarl Rinder, of Deer Lodge, Mont.,who will have charge of the laboratory work.There will be sixty-five nurses toaccompany this unit, fifty of whom,have already been selected. They arechiefly nurses from Lexington hospitals, with a few coming from Parisand Louisville, and the- surroundingcities.The hospital corps, consisting oflitter bearers, ambulance drivers, orderlies, etc., will include 153 men,and 200 applications have already;been received for that service.'!! te ?5iSOMESNAKE STORY FROMAIRY AVENUE.MT.While taking his ease in the yardat his home on Mt. Airy Avenue, Sunday afternoon, Mr. Alex Rice, Sr.,was attracted by a commotion amongthe birds in a big tree .under whichhe was sitting. Thinking it wasmerely a disturbance caused by someunwelcome bird invading the feathery social circle, Mr. Rice paid verylittle attention to it for a while.The disturbance continued and increasing in volume and intensity Mr.one-halt feet in length. '-.-B!m.;fi4i5;;1iIhit51'Jt?TUESDAY.JULT 31. HIT.PAGE TWOTHE BOURBON NEWS, PARIS, KY.tmu imi It iThe Bourbon News"Ttabllshed 188135 Yeart of Continuous Publication.. Xabilshed Every Tuesday and Friday.r Year... $2.00 Six Months... $1.00Payable in Advance.eWIFT CrIAMP, Editor and Owner.Any erroneous reflection upon thecharacter, standing or reputation otany person, firm, or corporation whichmay appear in the columns of THEBOURBON NEWS will be gladly corrected if brought to attention of theeditor.ADVERTISING RATESDisplay Advertisements, $1.00 perInch for first time; 50 cents per incheach subsequent insertion.Reading Notices, 10 cents per lineeach issue; reading notices in blacktype, 20 cents per line, each issue.Cards of thanks, calls on candidates, obituaries and resolutions, andsimilar matter, 10 cents per line.Special rates for large advertise'aents and yearly contracts.The right of publisher is reservedto decline any advertisement or othermatter for publication.Announcements for political officesmust invariably be accompanied bythe cash.- EDITORIAL MUSINGS.Claiming Exemption.It seems now quite safe to saythat the man who has been predicting that a majority of the Bourboncounty boys who were drawn for-army service some days ago are going to claim exemption is in for asurprise. Already tnere is every indication that insofar as Paris andBourbon county are concerned, thereis going to be a surprisingly smallnumber of shirkers.Naturally the Paris man or theBourbon county man, whether hecomes from "The Dark Corner" orfrom the classic precincts of cultured Millersburg, who is not physicallyfit, is not going to push his claimsfor a place in the ranks. He realizes, as all of us have learned sincethe American troops returned fromCuba, that, to do army service in aclimate entirely foreign to our own,one must be not alone physically fitbut almost physically perfect.The number of married men whoare going to waive the exemptionclause will also be surprisinglysmall. In many instances it will befound that the drafted man is married to a loyal, courageous womanwho is also sensible, and she doesnot want her husband to use her asan excuse for not giving to hiscountry the service he owes it.Before the final name is marked,"Held for Service," and Bourboncounty's quota is complete, you'regoing to find that the American manis not wholly given to dollar-making,as our enemy across the seaclaims. You're going to find thatthere isn't the tiniest streak of yellow in his makeup. You're goingto be proud of the boys in Bourboncounty. You're going to realize asnever before that they have in themtrue courage, real manhood and alove of country as great as you canclaim for yourself.There are going to be many claimsfor exemption, of course, and SheriffTalbott, Clerk Paton and Dr. Evansare going to have some trying times.But if every man drafted should bepermitted to go to the front it wouldbe the most physically unfit armyany nation ever put in the field.That is the prime object of the selective draft to get the men best fitted and best able to serve their country. The surprise is coming whenyou see how many Bourbon countyand Paris boys are going to complain because they can't get into thearmy, not because they have to go.women of to-morrow, thatwe hopefor peace For -with it wiltfbebofn'ia love of peace so strong thafnevei.in their lives Vwill 'they find it necessary to pass through what theirfathers and elder brothers are today called upon to face.It is a consolation for us here inthe good old Bluegrass region, thoseof us who have passed the age limit,to know that in these sad days weare going through the last greatarmed struggle the world shall everknow. It is worth a great deal tofeel that when the hour of peace arrives as it surely must when thedays return of a great friendship between the nations of the earth, thereaction will carry us back children, youth and men alike to a lovefor peace greater than humanity hasever known before.Statistics show that there are6,500,000 automobiles in the UnitedStates. THE NEWS, man standingat the corner of Main and Eighthstreets a few days ago waiting for achance to get across to the oppositecorner, was willing to swear thatevery blessed one of them passedalong that particular spot just atthat particular time.o1 1 SaWATER SUPPLY AND TYPHOIDUncle Sam needs cooks. We couldflaoint out a number of Paris marriedmen in need of the same thing, only-there's enough trouble in this oldy vworld the way it is.Peace And The Children.Gaze on the children at play aboutthe streets of Paris and upon thelawns of the homes in this city andask yourself what is to be the resultupon them of the influences growingout of this war.There are fathers and mothers inParis who fear that the work of thepast quarter of a century in behalfof peace and good-will is to be undone by the revival of the war spirit.Naturally the heart of the averageboy responds readily to the sights andsounds connected with the pageantry'.of war. Even now we see the littlelads marching up and down the court"'liouse lawn with fife and drums andwooden swords and guns. But wecannot lead ourselves to believe thata righteous war is going to have abad influence upon them in afteryears, nor instill a militaristic spiritin them.We prefer to believe with the poetthat "the tumult and the shoutingdies, the captains and the kings depart," and the excitement and enthusiasm now strong in the breasts ofour boys will depart with, the restoration'of peace to the world. It is forthe children of Paris, the men andDr. W. A. Evans, former HealthCommissioner of Chicago, says inthe Chicago Tribune that the residents of cities supplied with purifiedwater and pasteurized milk are inpractically no danger from typhoid solong as they stay at home. Whenthey go into the country, and particularly when they go for their vacations, they are in danger.It is a fact that by reason of improved water supply the cities noware more healthful, from a typhoidfever standpoint than the country.The process of filtering water, withfrequent inspection and analysis, is asafeguard against typhoid or otherdeadly germs and the improvementof city water invariably is accompanied by decline in the typhoid feverrecord. The city of Louisville oncehad a very heavy typhoid death rate.With the completion and perfectionof the magnificent filtering plant typhoid fever almost has disappearedfrom the mortality lists and what isthere is brought from the countryor is contracted mostly through theuse of impure water from wells andsprings, many of which still are inpublic use in outlying districts ofthe city.Whenever there is an unusualnumber of typhoid fever cases in anygiven locality the people of that community should look carefully to thesource of the disease. Usually it willbe found in an impure water supply.Frankfort State Journal.EDITOR DUtJEY JELL BIGKSffiSTHSHTOORY. ,(Flemingsbirrg Times-Democrat.)On Thursday morning last, at ParkLake, W. P. Ross, of Carlisle, whowith his family is spending his vacation with Thos. S. Andrews and wife,took out of the lake a small-mouthblack bass weighing 7V2 pounds. Itwas caught on a set-pole, one hookbeing fastened in its mouth while another hook on the same line wascaught in its tail, it having done thesecond hooking in its violent effortsto escape. So far as we know, thisbreaks the record for weight on asmall-mouth bass. Quite a number ofreliable gentlemen saw this fishweighed, so there seems to be nodoubt of the accuracy of the weighing, wnne we am not see ine nsnpersonally, yet we saw its. head, andit bore out the report of the scales.This puts Park Lake in the lead ofany of the great fishing resorts ofMichigan, since none of them havesuch a record. We also tender thisto the Maysville Independent as No.2 of the series of fish stories, andassure it of the truth of the same."TARE YOU ONE OF THEM?There are a great many peoplewho would be very much benefitedby taking Chamberlain's Tablets fora weak and disordered stomach. Areyou one of them? Mrs. M. R. Searl,Baldwinsville, N. Y., relates her experience in the use of these tablets:"I had a bad spell with my stomachabout six , months ago, and wastroubled for two or three weeks withgas and severe pains in the pit ofmy stomach. Our druggist advisedme to take Chamberlian's Tablets.I took a bottle home and the firstdose relieved me wonderfully, and Ikept on taking them until I wascured." These tablets do not relievepain, but after the pain has been relieved may prevent its recurrence.(adv-july)It is not easy to get a job on Easystreet.Lsj4- 3 PS-STRANGE OCCURRENCE.(Harrodsburg Herald.)A very strange occurrence tookplace at the home of James Yeastnear Cornishville, this week. OnTuesday evning at 6 o'clock Mr.Yeast was in the barn lot with fourcows and was milking one of themwhen suddenly, without warning, allfour of the cows fell to the groundat the same instant. Mr. Yeaststood in amazement for several minutes looking at the prostrate animalswhich did not move. He had feltno shock or anything out of the ordinary that could have affected thecows. After a few moments the fouranimals got up as if nothing had happened and Mr. Yeast finished hismilking. The sky was clear andthere was no sign of storm or electricity in the air. Mr. Yeast is verymuch puazled and would like forsomeone to explain the occurrence.fa la taGEN. KITCHNER'S SISTER BELIEVES HIM YET ALIVE.The statement by Mrs. Parker,sister of Lord Kitchener,, that shebelieved her brother to be alive anddid not go down with the cruiserHampshire has revived a rumorwhich has recurred in England during the year past. Asked by an interviewer on what grounds she basedher belief, Mrs. Parker replied: "Ican not tell you on what grounds. Ibelieve it in fact, I do not want togo into any details whatever."The original rumor was that a letter had been received from a Britishprisoner in Germany saying thatLord Kitchener was there.?3 la ISDOING GOOD.Few medicines have met withmore favor or accomplished moregood than Chamberlain's Colic andDiarrhoea Remedy. John F. Jantzen,Delmeny, Sask., says of it, "I haveused Chamberlain's Colic and Diarrhoea Remedy myself and in myfamily, and can recommend it as being an exceptionally fine preparation." (adv-july)ALL THE MARYS WILL MEET ATNOBLESVILLE.Announcement has been made thatthe third annual reunion of theMarys Association of the UnitedStates will be held in Noblesville,Ind., August 16. The committee incharge states that the meeting willbe an all-day affair, with a basketdinner at noon. The reunion wasattended last year by 1,200 persons,and many States were represented.Any woman, or girl whose givenname is mary is entitled to meniDership in the association.KENTUCKY TRACTION& TERMINAL COMPANYInterurban Schedule.CARS LEAVE10:05 d. m.PansforLexington6:45 a. m.7:30 a. m.8:15 a. m.9:00 a. m945 a. m.11:15 a. m.12:45 p. m.2:153:454:305:156:05p. m.p. m.p. m.p. m.p. m.6:50 p. m.8:15 p. m.11:00 p. mLexingtonforParis6:00 a. m.7:20 a. m.8:00 a. m,8:50 a. m.10:20 a11:50 a1:20 p2:503:304:205:006:007:209:10in.m.XT'$1.50TOCincinnatiand ReturnOn Special Sunday Excursion onSunday, Aug. 5Special train leaves Paris 8:20a. m., arriving in Cincinnati at10:30 a. m.Returning leaves Cincinnati(4th Street Station) at 7 p. m.W. V. SHAW, Agent.W. R. CLINKENBEARD, T. A.ProtectYour EyesFrom the heat and dust withour Goggles and Shades!IIHll 1 1 tffftlk M I iTil I II 1 1 tttWHMll M if m 1 1 ijvoteFORto,BattcrtonforCOUNTY JUDGE4.If as County Attorney he has been efficient andsatisfactory, then why not try him for County Judge?A promotion is due a servant who has been faithful at tall times. He will devote his time and energy lo the $intere ts of your county, but he will not make you a Ipromise he cannot fulfill, in order to get your vote.IfYou are Oiresent ConA cinimitisfied Withitionse.TryMIMWe have a complete assortment. Don't triflewith your eyesight. Itis the most valuablegift of nature. For firstclass service, see usWe Fit WhereOthers FailFRYE & FRANKLINDOCTORS OF OPTOMETRYDow Bid., opp. Windsor Hotel15VOTE FORmFor9unty Attorneyof Bourbon CountyVSubject to the action of theDEMOCRATIC PRIMARYv -xAugust 4th, 1917ia'jSirj'.X-Your Support is Earnestly Solicited,--u- "'?' 4 A,'4;V ,trAUESDAY, JULY 31, 1917.ANNOUNCEMENTSWe are authorized' to announce thgood Democrats below as candldiaUat ine democratic pnmary on August4, 1917, to fill the offices to whichthey aspire:FOR STATE SENATORGEORGE HON,Clark County.ABRAM RENICK,Clark County.FOR REPRESENTATIVE.C. M. THOMASFOR SHERIFF.WILL G. McCLINTOCK,TUi Doc Marshall and Bob Gilkey aideputies.L. A. SOPER,With D. E. Clarke and L. C. Ashcrattas deputies.FOR COUNTY JUDGE.GEORGE BATTERTONc a. McMillan.'FOR COUNTY ATTORNEYDAVID D. CLINE.WM. GRANNAN.COUNTY SUPERINTENDENT OFSCHOOLS.: J. B. CAYWOOD.MISS MABEL BOBBINS,f FOR JAILER, ' GEO. W. JUDY .f THOS. TAUL, "Iff- JOHN H. DOTY,WALKER RISER,K C. T. MASTERSON,' . , W. O. BUTLER,w-rv. JOHN W. KING,., J. W. HART.. j j Si., . -iS,.-"' FOR ASSESSORWALTER CLARK,. Paris, with Jno. J. Redmon, of NorthMiddletown, as deputy.GEO. D. SPEAKES,Paris, with Lee R. Craven, of LittleReck, at Deputy.FOR MAGISTRATE.W. J. McWHORTERCenterville Precinct.JOHN S. WIGGINSHutchison Precinct.C. D. WILSONRuddles Mills Precinct.FOR MAYOR' - W. O. HINTONj E. B. JANUARYI "V' FOR POLICE JUDGEt" CLAUDE IV REDMON,J. W. BROWN,r P. A. THOMPSON.1 HARRY L. MITCH8LUERNEST MARTINjl FOR CHIEF OF POLICE.JAMES H. MORELAND.' W. FRED LINK.FOR COUNCILMAN.FIRST WARD.,' T. J. KISER.f JOHN CHRISTMAN: JOHN MERRINGER-- W. T. BROOKSTHOS. G. MORRIS.SECOND WARD.: ' S. K. NICHOLS,I' .; J. J. VEACHJOHN ARKLE.FRANK BURTON.THIRD WARDGEO. DOYLEParis Home SchoolWill OpenMonday, September 3, 191?Mrs. W. A. Harp, Director.Miss E. D. Giltner, Director ofMusic. "You Don't Have toStoopIf You Use aGarlandCabinetRangeA feavtlful IIm f Oarfn4'v4frly. Cmm In an iHk thm vtr,ProGfifectricCo.I ISOCIAL AND PERSONAL.Comings and Goings of OurPeople Here, There andElsewhere.Mr. Charles Spears is in Omaha,Neb., the guest of friends.Miss Ollie Chambers has returned from a visit to relatives in Frankfort. Miss Grace McCord has returnedfrom a visit to relatives in Flemingcounty.MrS. C. L. HlieflPK Tines rotnrnofrom a visit to her mother, in Livingston.Mr. Frances Cheek, of Danville,was a week-end guest of Mr. GeorgeWhite Fithian.Mrs. Fannie Smith, of "Rip-hth-street, has as guest Mrs. L. E. Griggs.of Mt. Sterling.Mrs. Evelyn Buck .has returnedMiss Elise Varden has concluded a nleasant visit tn lUis AiorwJones, in Versailles.from a visit to Mr. and Mrs. PriceClark, in Mt. Sterling.Miss Elizabeth Tarr has returned from a visit to Miss Lena MaeJones, in Winchester.Miss Frances Campbell is a guestof friends and relatives in Butler,Covington and Cincinnati.Miss Ada Thompson is a guest offriends and. relatives in Indianapolisand Connersville, Indiana.Miss Ruth Pearce, of Newport,is a guest of the family of Mr. BenF. Judy, at North Middletown.Mr. Roy Dejarnette, of Taylorsville, is a guest of his mother, Mrs.R. Dejarette, on the Lexington pike.Mrs. Edward Smarte and MissFrances Burnes were guests last weekof Mr. and Mrs. Edward Brannon, inLexington.Misses Nellie Bush and JuliaWinn have returned to their homesin Winchester after a visit to friendsin this city.Mrs. Pearl Cram, who has beenvisiting friends in this city for several days, has returned to her home,in Mt. Sterling.Mrs. H. H. Hughes, Jr., and son,who have been guests of Mrs. LauraSkillman, have returned to theirhome in Louisville.Mrs. L. M. Tribble, who has beena uest " of friends and relatives inManchester, Ohio, for several days,will return to-day.Mrs. Tillie Quisenberry has returned to her home in Winchester, after a visit to her father, Mr. Wm.Rion, on Fifteenth street.Mr. and Mrs. Louis Wollsteinhave as guests their daughter, Mrs.David Bachrach, and little daughter,of Little Rockr Arkansas.Mrs. Samuel Biggs and two sons,of Huntington, W. Va are guests ofher parents, Mr. and Mrs. Edwr.d B.Hedges, on Stoner ayenue.Mrs. Edward Summers and. 'Mrs.Mitchell Jackson have returnecLfroma visit to their parents, Mr. and Mrs.James Heizer, at Falmouth.Mrs. Mary E. Howse, of Carlisle,is a guest of her daughter, Mrs. Rudolph Davis and Mr. Davis, at theirhome on East Seventh street.Miss Josephine Adams and Mr.George Adams have returned to Parisafter a months' visit to relatives inGeorgetown and Scott county.Mrs. William R. Scott left Sunday for a visit to her mother, Mrs. C.C. Hazelrigg, in Frankfort. She willalso visit relatives in Louisville.Mrs. Mary Dickerson has arrivedfrom Glasgow, Ky., for a visit to herdaughter, Mrs. W. E. Ellis, and Rev.Ellis, at their home on Main stret.Mr. and Mrs. Edward Freeman,and Mrs. Freeman, of Lexington,were guests several days the pastweek of Mr. and Mrs. W. O. Hinton.Miss Mary Ross, who has beenattending the Summer School atTransylvania College, in Lexington,has returned to spend the summerhere.Mrs. Russell Campbell has returned to Frankfort after a visit toher parents, Mr. and .Mrs. W-. S.Dearing, at "Xalapa Farm," nearParis.Mrs. Dr. Myers and Miss Elizabeth Campbejl, of Cincinnati, areguests of their brother, Dr. F. P.Campbell, arid Mrs. Campbell, onHigh street.Messrs. Graham Young andLawrence R. Jones, of North Middletown, have joined, the Hospital BaseUnit No. 40, organized at Lexington,by Dr. Barrow.Mrs. Jesse Hunt and MissBlanche Hunt have returned to theirhome in Lexington after a visit toMrs. Edward Rose and Miss EthelRose, near Paris.- Miss Agnes Turner has returnedfrom a visit to friends in Winchester. She was accompanied home byMiss Ruth Pinnell, of Winchester,who will be her guest.Mr. and Mrs. John Woodford andMr. and Mrs. Buckner Woodford havereturned from a delightful touringtrip through Yellowstone NationalPark and adjacent points of interest.Mrs. Winifred Hanley and MissMareclla Ryan has as guests the pastweek Mrs. Mary Ryan and four children, of Georgetown, and Mr. andMrs. John Shannon and son, of Covington. Mr. Clark Wilson, who has beena guest of his parents, Mr. and Mrs.D. T. Wilson, on Houston avenue,has returned to Windsor, Canada,,where he holds a position on theGrand Trunk railroad.Miss Lucille Sprake, of Louisville, who has been a guest of herbrothers, Messrs. Clarence, Ossian.and Horace Sprake, in this city, leftFriday night for Detroit, Mich.,where she will visit her mother, Mrs.Lucy Sprake.Among the patients recently admitted to the Massie Memorial Hospital, in this city for treatment, areMrs. Robert Hash, of Hutchison, andMr. E. M. Plummer, of near Paris,the latter suffering from an attackof typhoid fever.The dance at Mt. Sterling lastweek was attended by a, number ofParis and r Bourbon county peopleAmong those who attended wereMisses Mary Elizabeth jDean, and.LouisejCoji MMWThos. and George Toobey, CharlesM&tehB;r?hm4OmZneii, James tfraaier, uaiawin anaTHE BOURBONTRoger Woods, RoyWetherall anditoDert Burnett.Mr. Melvin Meyers, of Louisville,is a guest of friends in Paris.Mr. and Mrs. James Chambers,of Cincinnati, spent several days inParis last week as guests of relatives.Mr. Robert C. Talbott, of thelaw firm of Talbott & Whitley, hasreturned from a- business trip to Baltimore, Md.Mrs. James Myers and son, ofWest Palm Beach, Florida, are guestsof Mr. and Mrs. Robert Meteer, attheir country home near Paris.Mrs. John A. Bower was the hostess at a bridge party given at herhome on Cypress street, Fridav afternoon, in honor of her guest, MissEleanor Haynes, of Fernbank, Ohio. 'Three tables of players participated;in the pleasures of the afternoon.The following were guests: MissHaynes; Misses Patsy Clark, Charlena Ball, Clara Belle O'Neill, Hattie IHill O'Neill, Charlotte Henry and!Elizabeth Jasper: Mesdames OllieMarshall, Harry Mathers, W. K. Grif- jhn, J. H. Comer, W. W. Judy, D. G.Taylor and Roy Clendenin. A saladcourse was served at the conclusionof the games. .(Other Personals on Page 5.)IS 1SS JCARLSBAD SPRINGS HOTEL ISREOPENED.The Carlsbad Hotel, at Dry Ridge,a very popular resort with Parispeople, reopened Saturday after having been closed several days pendingthe appointment of a receiver. Mj. iKelly, of Georgetown, is the receiverappointed by Judge Cochran, of the;U. S. District court. The hotel will Ibe conducted the same as before withregard to rates, etc., and the houseis filling up again and it is hoped tohave it full to capacity in a few days.feCOMBINATION RACK AND TIREHOLDER FOR CARS.A new motor-car attachment having many uses is a combination tireholder and rack on whiclr-baggage,milk cans, sacked grain, etc., can becarried. It consists of a steel framethat is attached by two arms to therear of the chassis and by two adjustable braces to the members thatsupport the car's top at the rear. Thetire holders are situated on the under side of the rack, and when thelatter is not in use the entire attachment folds up against the body,bringing the tires into an almost vertical position. The article is described, and illustrated in the August Popular Mechanics Magazine.ps pa PfiCAUSE OF DESPONDENCY.Despondency is often caused byIndigestion and constipation, andquickly disappears when,, ChamberIain's Tablets are taken. These tablets strengthen, the digestion andmove the bowels.(adv-july)""" j.j.j,i..,j,j. i i i Hi lit I,,,, i nun3-Burner, $19.00$4.00 Boss Oveniti r.&&&&&! E. M.Mmmmm m miniiiiiiinii.......ii...iii II..I.HH iiiiiiiiiiimiii 'TtffillliHmmiuNEWS, PARIS, Kf .a -.TWOWho WillWaterJohn J,A Resident of North Middletown, a SubstantialFarmer and Business ManThey Want to Beof Bourbon Countyand politely ask the voters for their support. This is oneof the most important offices in the gift of the people.i nese gentlemenand TRIED," and not professional office -Hit i.l ii,M.il,litiiiiTiiIi..iiliii.iiiliiIi.t.J.il I I ililnt.l.il,il ' ' ' ' ' t ' 1WHEELER'SSpecialNOW GOING ON25 PER; CENT. OFFALL SUMMER GOODSSuch as Refrigerators, Ice BoxesPorch Furniture,OiI Stoves,OvensPorch Rugs, 6x9 Rattinnia $6.009x12 Brussels Rugs $15.00 up to $22.009x12 Axminster Rugs. $32.00 up to $45.00Bedroom Suits 20 per cent off $25.00 up to $100.00Genuine Quartered Sawed Oak $100.00 CircassianWalnut Suit $80.00Red Gum Suit $S0.00Imitation Quartered Suit, Oak $25.00Dining Room Furniture 20 PerCent. Off.154-inch Top Table, Oak $35.00.160-inch Buffet, Oak $48.001 China Closet; Oak, 3 mirrors in back. $48-001 Fumed Oak Pedestal Table, 45-inch top $28.001 Fumed Oak 60-inch Buffet $27.50Serving. Table to match $10.001 Fumed Oak Ghinaloset $27.30We have Chairs. to match in Fumed Oak at $2.75THIS ISALL QUEEN ANNE'-STYLE. .A A. Wtome mi unce ana ueiPick.Fmi I ftftcEithth and iii StifCAPABLE MENMake Efficient Officers!Born and Raised in Bourbon County, A Democrat All His LifeASSESSORtmnk they can fill It.L.Robneel Biilding.Cash SaleWHEELERFAGETURMLClarkemmThey are "1seekers.I ri I I 1 1 1 1 11 1 1 I 1 1 1 1 I II 1 1 1 1 1.GIBSONrefrigerators:$9.352-in. Post, $9.0j0TiBltj I. ,. ir,mi - -sj"PIIjg"fc- i - ... 4 ,(OfiAA.PMBvwr . -v . . v MUd' In,xiiKFfcr -.1N1 - j.TUESDAY.JITLY 31, 1517rwacFODRsTHE BOURBON NEWS, PARIS, KY.The Bourbon NewsEstablished 188136 Years of Contlnlons Publication.Bubllshed Every Tuesday and Friday.Per Year... $2.00 Six Months... $1.00Payable in Advance.SOME BLACKBERRIES.tWIFT CHAMP, Editor and Owner.l&itered at the Paris, Kentucky,Postoffice as Mail Matter of theSecond Class.)ASSESSORS WILL HAVE TO WORKHARD :N0W.Wlhen the Bourbon county Assessors start out on their next roundsthey will find hard work and plentyof it ahead of them. The new schedules on which the County Assessments will have to be made out under the new tax law, will be received here soon. Compared with thoseused undej the old law the newschedules are miracles of complexityand system. It will take "foreverand a day" to get the work up.Under the old law the men whovisited the men of the country tolearn whether they had great possessions, would bear a single slip ofpaper, on which were ahout one hundred question. The new schedule is;made up of two seperate "booklets, onefor tangible, and one for intangibleproperty. In the new schedulesahout one thousand questions are tohe asked of the property-owners. tUnder the old law, the assessorwent to a property-owner, and askedhow much livestock he had. Theassessor, under the new law, mustfind out how many chickens, howmany turkeys, tc. On "September 1the vast work which the new lawplaces upon the assessor, will hegin.Instructions from the Attorney-General'soffice -explaining just "how eachstep shall he taken, are expectedsoon by the local assessor's office.BOURBONS CROP CONDITIONS.Rains occurring generally over thecounty last week, came when mostneeded and just in time to benefit thecrops.Corn and tohacco, now well cultivated, have been put in good condition, although troth crops are somewhat late.Gardens are now yielding theirproducts in large quantities, and thejmarket is flooded with liome-grownvegetables.Potatoes are good and the yield isquite excellent, considering thefact that the seed potatoes were notof the best quality. Blackberrieshave been on the local market forsome time, but the supply is shortand the demand large, prices beingalmost prohibitive, save those able topay the price. Grapes are verypromising and fruit is generally Ingood condition.Wheat threshing was resumed lastweek, after numerous interruptionson account of rains. The prospectsare very bright for a bumper corncrop and it would take a very seriousdrouth to cut down the estimatedyield. The hemp and tohacco cropsare both in excellent condition.An L. & N. man, whose dutiescarry him several times a week pretty far up the Lexington & Easterndivision of the Louisville & Nashvilletold a NEWS representative theother night that the whole State ofKentucky could be supplied withblackberries from the immensepatches between Indian Fields andMaloney."Why, let me tell you this," hesaid, "There is one patch I know ofalong that road that is not one inchless than three miles long (and mybusiness is to estimate miles) andthe Lord knows how far back it runs.The natives won't pick the berries, orcan't pick them fast enough to getthem to market. They would sellabout fory cents per bucket if theycoma get tnem 10 me .rans niarnei.But those people won't fool withthem because they haven't the facilities for handling them."Just think of it, man! Thousandsofbushels of the most delicious berriesin the world absolutely going towaste. Isn't it a shame that such adelicious fruit as the blackberryshould be allowed to go unused thatway? But there is no remedy unless somebody puts some idle capitalto work up there. He could reap aharvest."These berries aie finer and of amore delicious flavor than the cultivated berry. I dropped off the trainone day on one of my trips near asmall station close to this immensepatch, and made a personal examination. Those hushes seemed almostimpenetrable, but I managed to getfar enough in to see. The berrieshung in big clusters like grapes. Igive you my word of honor if I'd hadhelp enough I could have loaded atwo-horse wagon with the finest berries in the world in thirty minutestime. That's no exaggeration."IS IS ISBABE SMOTHERED TO DEATH.The infant child of George Harris,colored, was found dead in bed by itsparents Sunday morning at theirhome in Ruckerville, a coloredsuburb of Paris.Harris, his wife, their four-year-oldchild and the baby occupied thesame bed. About three o'clock Sunday morning the mother nursed thebaby, and when they awoke aboutsix o'clock the older child was lyingacross the baby, which had died during the morning.The baby's tongue had been bitten in two, having been pierced byseveral teeth.Coroner Rudolph Davis was calledand after investigating the case,pronounced death due to suffocation.is is isPLAYING "VODEVIL."NO TIDINGS PROM DRAFTINGMASTERLIST.Up to the hour of going to presslast night no tidings had been received by the members of the Bourbon County Board of Exemption, ofWHITE HOUSE GUARD'S SONHRST IN NEW ARMY.Harry Chapman Gilbert, of Washington, D. C, 21 years old, son of aWhite House police guard, is the firstman in the country.to be accepted forthe masterlist which is to decide the service in the national army, having juumuci ui iuubc wuu cue iu eu iiuiu BaSSea Ilia puysiuai teat ciiiu. waivcu aM''M '! 11111 MlfW ill fMli 1 1 It itBourbon county to the army service)in the draft recently made. Becauseof the fact that the lists were sentfrom Washington tluough the Stateofficials there has been considerabledelay in their delivery. They are expected at almost any time.Until they are received the Boardcan accomplish nothing. When theyare received the time of the Boardwill be occupied in going over themand suiting them to the first 278numbers the names of the men whichcorrespond. As soon thereafter aspracticable the official notices forthe first lot of men will be placed inthe mail. It will then take sometime for the notices to be deliveredand for the men to answer. However, this will be officially announcedlater. The Board, composed of Sheriff W. F. Talbott, County ClerkPearce Paton and Dr. Silas Evans,is all ready for the work, and eachone thoroughly understands what isexpected of him.all claims for exemption. Gilbertlast summer joined a Canadian regiment, the Two Hundred and ThirdWinnipeg Rifles, and was aboard atransport ready to sail whenvhis parents intervened and had the StateDepartment secure his release on theground that he was not of age.For Rent.Three-room flat, with bath. CallHome Phone 202 or apply atBUSY BEE CASH STORE.LOST.HHHHHHHtiHIHHH'fcWe know you will wantto take advantage ofthis special sale ofPoundPaperThis consists of the verybest lawn and linen sta-vtionery, and we are featur-T ing it for one week only.y Usual price 50c.This weekThe latest aspirant for "vodevil"honors among the ranks of Kentuckians is Mr. Cecil Noe, a former member of the Gregg Orchestra, whichfilled several engagements at the Alamo Theatre and Grand Opera House,in Paris sometime ago.Mr. Noe, who has been spendingthe summer vacation traveling withthe Sells-Floto Circus in the North asleader of the band, has joined theArchie Nicholson trio, now playingon the Keith Circuit, and will appearwith them during the season. Mr.Noe has been a frequent visitor inParis as a guest of Sello and HaroldWollstein.IfiS 5 1"LOST" NET RECOVERED.The big fish net captured duringa raid on Kentucky River poachersby Deputy State Game Warden BushBishop, sometime ago, and whichmysteriously disappeared one nightfrom the court house yard, where ithad been placed on exhibition, hasbeen found.The net, which was about twentytwo feet in length, had been storedin the basement of the court houseby practical jokers, and its presencewas not known until Saturday, whenin cleaning up a dark corner, it wasfound in the basement. Mr. Bishopshipped the net to Frankfort yesterday. te te teBOOTLEGGER ARRESTED.POPULAR CANDIDATE OUT OFSENATORIAL RACE.Friends in Paris and the county ofMr. Lee Wainscott, of Winchester,will be surprised to learn of hiswithdrawal from the race for Senator from the district composed ofClark, Bourbon and Montgomerycounties. Mr. Wainscott's decisionwill be a matter of deep regret tohis supporters in this county, as theyhad determined to do their bit inlanding him in the Senatorial seatin the upper house of the KentuckyLegislature.Mr. Wainscott gave no reasons tothe press for his withdrawal fromthe race, but it is presumed they aresatisfactory to himself. He is 'personally popular with the Bourboncounty people.Saturday morning, Mr. H. C.Gillispie, of Winchester, wired Secretary of State James P. Lewis to strikehis name from the ballot as a candidate for State Senator in the samedistrict.With the withdrawal of Mr. Wainscott, this leaves the race for thenomination between Hon. AbramRenick and Mr. George Hon, bothClark county men.Between Nineteenth and Twelfthbtreet. Contained a railroad pass,some small change and a few cardswith name of owner on same NoraRourke. Finder please leave atNEWS office. (It)PAINTAt Less than PresentWholesale Cost!C W9 4dome lime in August iWe will be pleased to show you the mostcomplete line of Gents' and Ladies'Watches in America.mmme most beautiful wrick.jixyimenca .To close out about $150 worthof strictly first class paint weoffer:1 -gallon cansatHalf-gallon cansat ..Quart cansatPint cansat$2.00$1.0050c25cffS T PiTO CAMP DANIEL BOONE.Under the auspices of the StateYoung Women's Christian Association, twelve young women, representing the Paris Chapter of the Girls'Honor Guard, left yesterday forCamp Daniel Boone, the Y. M. C. A.Camp on the Kentucky River, nearValley View. They will remain twoweeks. The trip was arranged especiallyfor the members of the Girls HonorGuard, the Paris delegation being incharge of Misses Helen Hutchcraftand Miss Edith Stivers, both experienced Y. W. C. A. work.The girls will use the camp inconjunction with others from surrounding towns, and will spend thetime in such camp pursuits and frolics as swimming, rowing, camp-fireparties, nature studies, basket-ball,tennis, etc. Regular camp discipline will be maintained at all times.The Paris delegation is composed ofMisses Harriet Rogers, Valette McClintock, Nancy Barbee Wilson,Nancy Griffith, Josephine Fithian,Mary Louise Collier, Mamie Lee Baldwin, Elizabeth Sommerville of Birmingham, Alabama; Sara Dedman, ofCynthiana; Mary Louise Vanderen, ofCynthiana; Miss Helen Hutchcraftand Miss Edith Stivers, leaders, ofParis.p3 ps paDR. BEN FRANK TO SEE EUROPEAN SERVICE.35cEnvelopes to match at 10cT per package of 25.I Brooks & Snapp JDrug CompanyTilt KNSLAR Stert XiiinmiiIn Judge January's court yesterdayMary Timmons, colored, was assessed$50 and costs and given a jail sentence of ten days on charges of"bootlegging" and having liquor inher possession for purpose of sale inlocal option territory.The arrest was made by PatrolmanGeorge W. Judy, whose suspicionswere aroused by the actions of theTimmons woman. Patrolman Judyhas made an especially vigilant officer in the suppression of illegalliquor trade, and it is a hard matterfor an offender to escape his eagleeye.THE PAIRFOR FRIDAY AND SATURDAYYour last day for House Numbers.A full supply at The Fair.Slop Jar Mats, 10 c.Grass Rugs, 18x34, 29c.Ladies' Brooch Pins, Waist Pin Setsand beautiful Set Rings, choice 10c.Rolled Plate Beauty Pins, 10c adozen.Pearl Buttons, new patterns, 12dozens for 5c.Ammonia bottle, at 5c.Clothes Baskets, Ironing Boards,all sizes.THE FAIRDr. Ben Frank, former Parisian,who has been a resident of NewYork several years, will see servicein France with the Nineteenth NewYork Reeiment. The New YorkHerald of Julj 26, says:"The Nineteenth has two recruitspointed out to the visitors in its company room. One is Matthew Ishkahula, said to be a full blooded SiouxIndian from out West, but long a resident of New York. The other is aphysician, Dr. Benjamin Frank, whois not going along as anything morethan a private."PS PS PSSILENT ALARM CLOCK."The alarm clock as a social problejm" might be the thesis of the inventor who has devised a new formof this indispensible but unpopularinstrument. Realizing that the prolonged peal of a lusty bell at 5 a. m.may cause considerable inconvenienceto next-door neighbors in apartmenthouses and dormitories, he has devised a silent alarm which awakens thesleeper by a strong light instead of aloud noise. When the clock reachesthe moment set on the dial, insteadof releasing the spring of a bell, itthrows in the switch of an electricbull's-eye lantern, so directed that itfloods the pillow with its glare. Itis claimed that this method is as effective as the bell in awakening thesleeper in question, and less effectivein awakening neign Dors ana roommates.All Varnishes and Stains atEqual Reductions.BusyBeeCashStore"The Store For Daily Bargains"The Gruen Watch Manufacturing Company,s representative will be at ourstore for two days andwill display Gruen 's fulland complete line ofGents' and Ladies' most accurate timepieces.f BADSVERITHINHighest perfectionattainable in class markedfllte-H48You are cordially invited tocall and inspect the "MostBeautiful Watch in America'!GENTS' AND LADIES"VERITHIN"Watches and Wristlets&- m Yellow (iold, ureenGold, Platinum, Diamond In crusted and Silver ones in styles toonumerous to mention,Ranging in Price From$12.50 to $650.00One and all are invited to see this beautiful line.It is not necessary that you purchase a watch Wemerely want you to see this display of perfect timepieces.Date of Display Will BeAnnounced Later.TheAJ.WINTERS0.PARIS, KENTUCKYMMMMMif44tt4'XlH I Hf ! I lilllH-HIH ! II II fHfci-HlflH4'mii4Mti4i4ili4 1 U I III1WIIIIII llltHlttlinHHHIIlHlHSpecial SaleChildren's Wash Suits and Straw HatsWednesday, Thursday, Friday, Saturday, August 1st, 2nd, 3rd, 4thChildren's Wash SuitsWe have the reputation of having the best line of Children's Wash Suits intown so the ladies say and on the above dates we will offer them at specialprices. New styles and color combinations in tans, greys, blues, black and- whitechecks and stripes.See our show windows for these exceptional values we are offering.$3.00 WASH SUITS $2.50 WASH SUITS$2.25 $1.98$2.00 WASH SUITS $1.50 WASH SUITS$1.48 $1.15Children's Straw Hatsc4s an extra special our Children's Straw Hats will be marked at very lowprices. The new Rah-Rah Shapes in new weaves and color combinations in black, t-white, tan and blue straw. See our windows.$1.00 STRAW HATS79c50c STRAW HATS38cR. P. WALSHMain and 7thONE-PRICE STOREi... i UllllltlHIIIIIIIlt,-V','-.' ; , -. . nA - M'V "rite.. s.. , 1 ..a. J .ATJESDAY, JULY 31, 1917.THE BOURBOtt NEWS, PARIS, KY.PAGBFIYFOR THE BESTNOTHING ELSESOCIAL AND PERSONAL.Comings and Goings of OurPeople Here, There andElsewhere.PEEE UST SUSPENDED; NOTICETO THE PUBLIC.No more free copies of tlie BOURBON NEWS.No more free copies of the Ken-tuckian-Citizen.No more free copies of the ParisDemocrat.Single copies of paper five centseach.The high cost of all materials thatenter into the production of newspapers compel the publishers as amatter of self-protection and economy to adopt this course.Subscribers who fail to receivetheir paper, and advertisers whosecontracts include the paper, will bepromptly supplied.SWIFT CHAMP,Publisher BOURBON NEWS.BRUCE MILLER,Publisher Kentuckian-Citizen.WM. REMINGTON,Publisher Paris Democrat.July 27, 1917.5 Jsa EsTobacco Hail Insurance.Thomas, Woodford & Bryan.'fe Es isBEAD THE ADVERTISEMENT.An advertisement appears on page4 of to-day's BOURBON NEWS aboutwhat The A. J. Winters Co. are goingto have in their store in August.Read it over. (tf)Ea Ba 5ATJTO LICENSE NUMBERS.The following auto license numbers were assigned to Bourbon countyowners last week by Commissioner ofMotor Vehicles Byars at Frankfort:O. R. Rankin, Millersburg, Paige,36808; P. A. Thompson, Paris, Chevrolet, 36878.inPLOTJRAND WHEAT MARKETSUNCHANGED.The price of wheat on the Parismarket remain the same as last week,f2.35 per bushel. Flour also is thesame, $14.50 per barrel in the wood,fifteen cents less in cotton, $3.80 per58-bl. sack and $1.95 per 24-lb.sack. Corn and meal are higherthan ever before.BS fe feCONSERVATION OF POOD MASSMEETING TO-MORROW.There will be a public meeting todiscuss the conservation of food atthe court house to-morrow (Wednesday) evening, August 1, at 7:30o'clock. Prof. Fred Mutchler, ofKentucky State University ExtensionDepartment, and other speakers willaddress the meeting on canning,evaporating, etc. At a later datethere will be a canning demonstration given under auspices . of theCity Federation of Women's Clubs ofParis.fe feSTRAW HATSHalf-price boys and children'sstraw hats included.J. W. DAVIS & CO.fe 1 feBLACKBERRIES! BLACKBERRIES!Leave your order if you want them.Wje will have them for two weeks.(It) C. P. COOK & CO.m m mMASS MEETING AT COURT HOUSETO-MORROW.A big mass meeting will be held atthe court house in Paris to-morrownight under the auspices of theBusiness Men's Club in the interest offood conservation.Men of all occupations; women ofvarious duties; boys learning tofarm, and girls learning to canshould attend the meeting.How to increase the food supply;how to can beans; how to save allthe garden and farm products, willhave prominent places on the program. A cordial invitation is extended to everybody to attend thismeeting Wednesday evening, August1, at 7:30 o'clock.la m mNOTICE.Mr. Joseph Mitchell has returnea irom a visit to relativesAurora, Indiana.Mrs. W. C. Powell and childrenhave returned frnm vicu -hmmother, Mrs. Jolly, at Ewing, Ky.Mr. George Kreiner left Mondaymorning for a ten-days' stay at WestBaden Springs, West Baden, Ind.Miss Ruby Jane Houston hasreturned from a visit to friends iirGeorgetown, Danville and Lexington.Miss Rosalie Elder has returnedfrom a two-weeks' visit to relativesin Mason county and in Ripley, Ohio.Mr. Wm. W. Dudley left thismorning for a visit to his sister, Mrs.Frank Shackleford and Mr. Shackleford, in Cincinnati.Mr. and Mrs. John Kiser, of Seventh street, have as guests MissesMary and Kittie Ryan, of Covington,and Mrs. Samuel Todd, of Indianann-lis, Ind.Messrs. and Mesdames Lewis J.Gorin, Alex Farnsley and Richard E.Mathew, of Louisville, composed amotor touring party visiting Paris,Sunday.Mr. Ouincv Ward, of FrankfortExecutive Agent of the State Gameand Fish Commission, was m Parisyesterday, on a combination businessand pleasure trip.Mrs. Eva Dimmitt and granddaughter, Miss Christine Hickmon,left this morning for a two-weeks'visit to Mrs. Evelyn Henry, at 417Wooster Avenue, Akron, Ohio.Mrs. Herndon Waller, Miss Margaret Ferguson and Miss Mary Adams Talbott were guests yesterday ata luncheon-bridge given by Miss Bettie Muir, at her country home nearNicholasville.Mr. J. Matt Hedges, former Parisian, was a week-end guest of MissElizabeth Grimes, on Duncan Avenue. Mrs. Hedges is in Moberley.Mo., where she was called by thedeath of a relative.Miss Carolyn Roseberry, of Paris,was a member of a dinner party entertained at the Country Club,near Lexington, Saturday. Swimming, dancing and music furnishedfurther diversion for the diners.Dr. and Mrs. C. G. Daughertyhave moved to their new home onPleasant street, adjoining the Methodist church. Dr. Daugherty is recovering from burns received at thehome some time ago while searchingfor a leak in a gas fixture.Mr. James Thompson, Jr.,. whorecently underwent an operation forantiendicitis at the Good SamaritanHospital, in Lexington, rallied nicelyfrom the after-effects and the shock,and is resting very comfortably, according to the latest reports from hisbedside.Miss Jennie Kenney has arrivedfrom Roswell, New Mexico, whereshe has been a member of the HighSchool faculty, and will spend hersummer vacation with her brothers,Charles T. Kenney, Robert Kenney,of Paris, and her sister, Mrs. J. A.Dudley, near Hutchison.A Red Cross dance will be givenin Georgetown, on Tuesday night,Aug. y, at the Lancaster Hotel, ofwhich Mrs. Robert Goggin, formerlyof Paris, is manager. The dance willbegin promptly at nine o'clock andclose much earlier than other clubdances. A number of Paris societyfolk will attend.(Other Personals on Page 3.)fe Ea paPETER VINEGAR WEATHERPeter Vinegar, the eccentric negropreacher, described the terrors ofHades under the unique title of "ADamn Hot Day." If Peter's shadecould have visited Paris Sunday andyesterday he could have found abundent reason for adding another chapter to his famous sermon.The mercury rose rapidly Saturdayand Sunday until it had reached thehigh mark of 96 degrees in the shade.A breeze part of the day relievedsuffering humanity to some extent.but in the late afternoon and nightthe heat fiends renewed their efforts.Yesterday was a repetition of the daybefore, the mercury ascending to ahigh mark.The sultry weather Sunday drovehundreds to seek the cooling watersof the Kentucky River at Boonesboro.A large number from Paris made thetrip. A party of Paris girls, chaperoned by their elderly friends, visited Stoner creek in the vicinity ofthe Maysville railroad bridge Sunday afternoon, where they found solace and relief from the heat inswimming and boating.DIRECTORY MEN AT WX)RK."Representatives of the HoffmanDirectory Publishing Company ofQuincy, 111., were here yesterday,making preliminary arrangementsfor work on the Paris directory.Responsible and reliable canvaserswill secure the names and places ofresidence of every citizen, male andfemale, white and colored, in Paris,for the new directory. The HoffmanCo. is one of the largest and most reliable directory publishing firms inthe world and the publication of theParis directory is to be guaranteedas a strictly reliable up-to-date workand not a fly-by-night pamphlet advertising scheme.pm fe laWEATHERThat makes you want a PalmBeach suit. Get yours here to-day.J. W. DAVIS & CO.pa pa paSUES TO APPOINT TRUSTEE FORBOURBON PUND.Mrs. Jennie W. Ashbrook has filedsuit in the Fayette Circuit Court atLexington for the appointment of atrustee to take over $3,000 now heldby O. T. Hinton, Master Commissioner of the Bourbon Circuit Court.pa ps paENLISTS IN NAVY.Mr. James Everman, of Paris, whohas been in the employ of the Louisville & Nashville at this point andlater transferred to Corbin, hasenlisted for service in the U. S.Navy, and will leave this week forthe Norfolk Virginia, training station. Mr. Everman is a son of Mrs. J. A.Gilkey, of Paris, and a bright youngman, who will make his mark in theservice of his country.Green Peas Green BeansHead Lettuce TomatoesCucumbers OkraEgg Plant CymlinsBlackberriesPeachesWatermelons CanteloupesCelerySTEAKS CHOPSROASTSFresh Rolls Fresh BreadFresh CakesEvery Day5$WILMOTHGrocery Co.Phone 376All parties indebted to me arerequested to plase call and settle ATONCE. Our goods are sold on closemargin and our profits are small.Our bills are due in 30 days and mustbe paid. If you owe us you MUSTpay NOW, as we need the money. Allbill not settled before August 1 willbe placed in the hands of our attorney for collection, with instructionto collect or bring suit on same.MRS. CORNE BAIRD.(27-3t)m ? isCALLED TO C0L0ES.Mr. Wm. Fitzgerald, pharmacist atthe Peoples Pharmacy, in this city,who enlisted in the Marine HospitalCorps of the N. S. Navy sometimeago, received official notice yesterdaymorning to report immediately at SanFrancisco for hospital duty with theMarne corps. Mr. Fitzgerald willleave for San Francisco to-morrow.Mr. Fitigerald will ' leave behindhim a large circle of friends who willregret to lose him from their midst.nr Tiie.o-onffl? manners and accommodating courtly he haa endeared him-Jsen to an: iv. " .-. -SERGT. McCLINTOCK'S STORY.The fourth installment of Sergt.Alex McClintock's story of Europeanbattle, "Over There," entitled "Shifted to The Somme," appear on pageseven of this issue of THE NEWS.This is proving a wonderfully interesting story, and a very popular onewith readers of THE NEWS. Thenext installment is entitled, "Wounded in Action." This article describes the terrible fight, the dead anddying, the loss of a pal and the finalfinding of McClintock in "No Man'sLand." Simply told, it is one of themost remarkable stories of a battle bya participant ever put together.m m mBAKERS WANTED.Wi Thi thcb y Victrola X, $75I :-I-1a fnlL-c' enjoy the. VictrolaThey enjoy the catchy musicas well as the big f oiks and theysoon get to have "favorites" oftheir own.There are besides special chilren's records of well-known songsand recitations which are thechildren's own.Brint the children into hear some of the special Victor Record! (orchildren. We'll gladlyplay them and tell you howeasy it is to get a Victoror Victrola $10 to $400.The Quartermaster General hasbeen directed to organize at onceforty bakery companies in additionto the ten companies now witnin inecontinental limits of the UnitedStates.This is an opportunity for strongand energetic young men to learn atrade. Men who volunteer now willhave an excellent opportunity forpromotion. There are about 800 vacancies in vtne eraaei jMrgean:uabtettioiitktSogjital CorpeJ be-nlld and 600 in the gradea foregone oomciuiuu. of corpdrai. .fay is gooa. ,DaughertyBros.Paris, Kentucky ' .JULY CLEARANCE SALE!Commencing at once; continuing tillfall Summer Goods aresold:Clearance Specials in Waists$1.50 Waists at' 2.00 Waists at.2.50 Waists at,3.00 Waists at.4.00 Waists at.5.00 Waists at.6.00 Waists at.7.50 Waists at.....98c$1.391.792.252.983.954.505.75Clearance Specials in SkirtsLadies' 1.50 Wash Skirts at...Ladies' 3.00 Wash Skirts at. . -Ladies' 5.00 Wash Skirts at.Ladies' 7.50 Wash Skirts atLadies' 7.50 Silk and Wool Skirts . .Ladies' 10.00 Silk and Wool Shirts. .Sadies' 15.00 Silk and Wool Skirts. .. clOC$1.983.98. 4.754.987.509.98Women's Handsome Tailored SuitsLadies'Ladies'$15.00 Suits at.$20.00 Suits at.$7.50 I Ladies' $25.00 Suits at$9.95 I Ladies' $30.00 Suits at$12.50$14;50Women's Summer Dresses$6.50 and $7.50 Dresses at $4.75$10.00 Dresses at $7.75$15.00 Dresses at $11 .98$45.00 Dresses at$20.00 Dresses at$25.00 Dresses at$30.00 Dresses at$29,50$15.75$19.75$24.50Clearance Specials in CoatsLadies' $7.50 Coats at,Ladies' $10.00 Coats at.Ladies' $15.00 Coats at.Ladies' $20.00 Coats at.Ladies' $25.00 Coats at...$4.99.$6.98$12.50$19.75Clearance Specials in SilkSweaters.Misses' and Ladies' $10.00Silk Sweaters at $7.50Misses' and Ladies' $12.50Silk Sweaters at $9.98Clearance Specials inMuslinWearClearance Specials in Lace Curtains$1.50 Lace1.75 Lace2.00 Lace2,50 Lace3.00 Lace3.50 Lace4.00 Lace4.50 Lace5.00 LaceCurtains at.Curtains at.Curtains at.Curtains at.Curtains at.Curtains at,Curtains at.....98c$1.251.481.752.252.652.75Curtains at 3.25Curtains at 3,50...59c....79c98c$1.39$1.69....29c.... 3h....79c98c.$1.48$1.9839c59c79c$1.19Princess Slips and Combination Suits at Half Price.$1.00 values at ... .50c $2.00 values at. .$1.M$1.50 values at. . . .75c j $2.50 values at. .$1-25$3.00 values at $1-50This Sale is Strictly Cash NoCredit.75c Muslin Gowns at$1.00 Muslin Gowns at$1.50 Muslin Gowns at$2.00 Muslin Gowns at$2.50 Muslin Gowns at35c Muslin Pants at50c Muslin Pants at$1.00 Muslin Pants at$1.25 and $1.50 Muslin Skirts at.$3.00 Muslin Skirts at$2.50 Muslin Skirts at50c Corset Covers at75c Corset Covers at$1.00 Corset Covers at$1.50 Corset Covers atHARRY SIMONStore Closes at 5 P. M. Except Saturday . -FOR YOUWe have for you some of the BIGGEST BARGAINS we have ever offered inKaltex Porch FurnitureLawn SwingsPorch Swingst-t VhMtJI S'-w1'Refrigeratorsand HammocksHWe are disposing of these articles at the prices we areoffering themHiFOR CASH ONLYYou know when we say reductions we MEAN RE'DUCTIONS!THEJ.T.HINTONCO.h-iMOTOR HEARSEMOTOR INVALID COACHUNDERTAKING"EITHERRMONE" 36SIXTH AND MAIN STStoi !L-v"Xt"- 'THE BOURBON NEWS, PARIS, KY,TUESDAY.JULY SI, 1S17,CHAMBERLAIN'S COLIC ANDAEHHOEA REMEDY.DI-Now is the time to buy a bottle ofthis remedy so as to be prepared incase that any one of your familyshould have an attack of colic ordiarrhoea during the summer months.It is worth a hundred times its cosiwhen needed.( ad v-July)FOR SALEA good 6-year-old gelding. Gooddriver, perfectly gentle, not afraid ofanything. Will stand without hitching. Can be bought at a bargain.E. M. WHEELER,i(22-tf ) Eighth and Main, Paris, Ky.For Sale.CO-OPERATION IN EFFORT TOREDUCE FIRE WASTE.OFFICIAL NOTICE TO RETAILSEED DEALERS. -In co-operation with the State Fire The Kentucky Pure Seed Law-Marshal's Department and the State went into effect September 23, 1916,Council of National Defense, efforts' yet it was found when seeds wereare being made by the members of placed on the market in the springthe Conservation Association of of 1917 some retail dealers were igKentucky of the National Board of norant of its requirements and hadFire Underwriters to reduce the pos-' made no provision for labeling thesibility of fire waste to a minimum, j stock they were selling. In orderThe Conservation Association, J that there will be no ground forwhich is composed of the field men ' excuses of this sort the coming fallrepresenting the fire insurance com-.this notice is being sent out in cor-'jpanies operating in the State, ten- j respondence of the Station and indered its services to the National j circulars and newspapers, in theGovernment with a view to bring hope that when our inspectors makeabout improvement in plants used for their rounds they may not find anymanufacturing and storing of food one who through ignorance of theSeveral used automobiles. Thesecars are all in good condition and canbe-bought right for cash.DICKERSON & DOUGLAS GARAGE.(3-tf)LOST.At the L. & N. Tenth Street passenger station in Paris, or on thestreets of Paris, a silver mesh bagcontaining two tickets to Maysville,a ring, a photo of a young girl, and$2 in currency. Finder please returnto this office and receive reward.Scrap Iron Wanted.I am paying fifty cents per hundredfor all kinds of scrap iron. Not lessthan 1,000 pounds. This material canhe weighed at any city scales. This Ito be relivered to the cars on the LouIsville & Nashville tracks, oppositthe freight depot.Call us over the Cumberland 'phon347-J.MAX MUNICH,Eighth Street, Paris, Ky.(oct20-lyrj"t:12Soriwax-fj?naJSQSM JLe'ComotaiaPS S MS'"P2BCTHERE'S a heap of joyI , in a ton of good coal.Your stove or furnacewon't have much, troublefrom extracting comfortfrom a ton of coal if youbuy it from us. Our rapiddelivery will please you.W. C. DODSONSouth Main St.The Home of Good Coalsupplies and such other resources asare necessary to the successful prosecution of the war against Germany.This service was welcomed by theGovernment and while Congress wasstill debating methods of food controland conservation the Kentucky Conservation Association was busy carrying out practical war time measuresfor the protection of food stuffs andother supplies from destruction byfire. The work is in line with theappeal of Herbert C. Hoover, who hasadopted, "Food Will Win the War"as his motto in his efforts to awakenthe people to the necessity of conservation. The inspection servicerendered by the Kentucky Association will be thorough. The fieldmen have been assigned to differentparts of the State where all mills,elevators, groceries, warehouses, lumber yards, saw mills, etc., will beplaced under inspection. Improvements designed to safeguard theseproperties will be suggested.The co-operation of the propertyowners is earnestly desired, as it isfelt that only through co-operationcan the object sought be attained.All of the field men have credentialsas Inspectors of the State Fire Marshal's Department. They have beenselected for the work because of theirpractical training and experience.Their service is one to the countryand to the people.While the work will be done by insurance men, it will have no connection with the inurance business, thecompanies represented giving theirtime and part of their expenses astheir bit in the food conservationcampaign."PS is 1HIS FALL NOT UNCHECKED.Two insurance agents a Yankeeand an Englishman were braggingabout their rival methods, says the.-Xiterary Digest. The Britipher washolding forth, on the system ofnromnt payment carried out by his.people no trouble, no fuss, no attempt to wriggle out of" settlement.Tf the man died to-nght," hecontinued, "his widow would .receiveher money by the first post to-morrowmorning.""You don't say?" drawled theYankee. "See here, now, you talk of, prompt payment. Waal, our office ison the third floor of a building forI ty-nine stories high. One of our' clients lived in the forty-ninth! story, and he fell out of the window.I We handed Mm his check as he! passed."iss 155 isWhen a woman discovers that herhusband's love has grown cold shegoes through his pockets in searchof the reason.Automobile Hearse or Ambulance !I desire to announce to our friends that I can, wheredesired, furnish an automobile hearse or ambulance. Th ismethod of transpertationis especially desired on long trip s,the same being made in better time, and at no advance incost over the horse-drawn conveyance.GEO. W. DAVIS, Funeral Director.p w cJrMmmIST TmSeefJfiiImL count.i t jProtectYour FamilyThere9 no surer way of providing for the ones you love thanbanking your cash.! The man with money in bankis prepared for a business reverse or loss of position.Cash in bank gives him a newgrip on life.Deposit your surplus cashnow. Don t waste iK Don'tdelay.You'll be surprised to sewhow an account grows.us today about an ac-I'viyivtyjyr 1 IFarmers' & Traders' BankF. P. KIUK, Prai4atWM. (UtIMBS. BooUctefter.Sixth and Main Street Pari, KyW W. MITCHELL, Cashier.,.-i , -!law has stock in his hands that willsubject his to prosecution.The law requires that all fieldseeds, such as timothy, clover, wheat,corn and hemp shall be labeled with(1) the approximate percentage ofpurity and (2) the approximate percentage of germination. Failure toso label seeds renders the seller liable to a fine of from $25.00 to $100for each offense. Kentucky wholesale dealers in seeds are now familiarwith the requirements of the law andin most cases are prepared to testtheir seeds and label them, but" retail dealers cannot always afford tomaintain testing laboratories andmust depend on the wholesalers forthe percentages required on the labels. The main purpose of this notice is,therefore, to urge Kentucky retailerswhen placing their orders for the falltrade to notify those from whom theybuy that the law requires purity andgermination percentages on all labels,and to insist that these be furnishedon the seeds they buy. Tags withheadings for the percentages shouldbe printed by the retail dealer beforethe selling time arrives. The bestwholesalers inside and outside theState are able to furnish the figuresneeded; if any are unwilling to do so,retailers should buy of some one else.When information is needed as towholesalers who are complying withthe Kentucky law we shall be pleased to furnish it.Circular No. 5 of the Departmentof Entomology and Botany containsthe law, complete, with some furtherdetails as to labeling. It can be secured free by applying to the Station. H. GARMAN,Head of Department.COLLIE DOG DEVELOPS SENSE OPREASONING.Bourbon Oil S Development Co.Home Office, 411 Main StreetParis, KentuckyWe control 5,000 acres of leases in the proven oil fields of Kentucky. Weare going to start drilling operations in the near future. You are invited to participate in the profits by subscribing for shares in the company.Now Selling at 20 Cents a ShareThis stock has increased 100 per cent, in value in the past 30 days because the value ofour leases have increased. The shares will soon be selling at 50 cents each. Every shareof stock issued represents value, not water.Your OpportunityIt is said that every man has his opportunity. We believe this is true. The late JohnW. Gates had his opportunity When he bought stock early in the Texas Oil Company. Hegrasped the opportunity and it is said the stock held by the Gates estate in Texas oil companies increased in value to $8,000,000 within one year.To-day it is estimated that $5,000 originally invested in the Farmers Oil Company hasbecome worth $1,500,000.The management of the Bourbon Oil and Development Company, of Paris, Kentucky,believes there is just as great an opportunity to make money to-day in the oil business asthere was when the two companies mentioned above were organized. You have an opportunity to buy shares of the Bourbon Oil and Development Company before the price is out ofyour reach. After the business is established and earning dividends there is very littleopportunity for the small investor. He must get in early to realize the large returns. Delaypays no dividends.Buy Bourbon Oil and Development Company shares NOW while the price islow. Buy before another advance takes place. Invest as successful men investat the low price. Write us or come in and talk it over,Application For StockA collie kept at the sheep barns atthe Ohio Experiment Station seemsto have developed the sense of reasoning power. A number of sheepwere being driven down a long, narrow alley from the shearing pens.When about halfway down, some ofthe sheep faced around thus blockingthe entire passage. The dog watched their movements with some restlessness, he being in the rear of thebunch. This lasted for a few secondsand then without command from theman in charge of the sheep, heleaped over the few sheep near himand passing over the backs of a number, he soon reached the front andhad caused the head sheep to turnabout and go ahead, allowing thewhole bunch to rapidly pass out ofthe alley.IS E3 TSCATARRHAL DEAPNESS CANNOTBE CUREDby local applications, as they cannotreach the diseased portion of the ear.There is only one way to cure catarrhal deafness, and that is by constitutional remedy. Catarrhal deafness is caused by an inflamed condition of the mucous lining of theEustachian Tube. When the tube isinflamed you have a rumbling soundor imperfect hearing, and when it isentirely closed, deafness is the result.Unless the inflammation can bereduced and this tube restored to itsnormal condition, hearing will bedestroyed forever. Many cases ofdeafness are caused by catarrh, whichis an Inflamed condition of the mucous surfaces. Hall's Catarrh Medicine acts through the blood on themucous surfaces of the system.We. give One Hundred Dollars forany case of Catarrhal Deafness thatcannot be cured by Hall's CatarrhMedicine. Circulars free. All Druggists, 75 c.F. J. CHENEY & CO.,Toledo, Ohio.(adv-july)ROAN TWIN STEERS IDENTICALIN WEIGHT.In a recent train load shipmentof some grass cattle made by A. F.Hunt, from California to the Omahamarket were included a pair ofShorthorn twin steers of identicalweierht. conformation and color. Itis reported that the resemblance,both in conformation and markingswas so close that it was impossibleto distinguish one from the other.They each weighed exactly 1,375pounds, and sold through Clay, Robinson & Clay as killers for $12 percwt.m mTO GIVE AMERICANS NEWS FROMABROAD.To assure the folks at home ofnews of the American soldiers serving in France, Adjutant General McCain is about to establish a new division in .Ms office. If will have to dowith compilation' of all' sorts of information in regard to the officers andenlisted- men on, duty, abroad. Thisdata will be supplied to their friends'and relatives on inquiry.THE BOUBON OIL AND DEVELOPMENT COMPANY(Incorporated)I hereby subscribe for shares of the capital stock of THE BOURBON OILAND DEVELOPMENT COMPANY at the present price of 20 cents per share, and herewith tender payment of I as settlement in full it teing understood thatthe stock is fully paid non-assessable, price subject to advance without notice.Dated this day of . . .1917.SignedN AddressThe Bourbon Oil and Development Company411 Main Stmt, Paris, Ktntuckyltf4itillllll4-iM4iitilll,lllltl4lilIM4Twin Bros. Department StoreWE CLOSE AT S P. M. EXCEPT SATURDAYS AND COURT DAYSYOUR LAST CHANCETO GET THAT HATAll OurTrimmedHatsExcept a FewPanamas, etc.go forL ' J Xi I -.fcv.5-L-A$1.00CHILDREN'S HATS f50cHATS$1.00HATSAll OurChildren sHatsare reduced aslow as, possible. They gofrom50 CENTS TO $1.00SALE GOING ON NOW!4"M 1 1 l'frfrMM"l' 1 1"M 1 1 l 4 M H H 1 1 !nTATTF, IT UNANIMOUS!. i-- 'The Danville Messenger touchesthusly on a subject that has beenthe cause of a great deal of comment: -"It's all right to stand during therendition of the Star-Spangled Banner on proper occasions, but to behopping up at picture shows and other insignificant gatherings is quitemonotonous. And now that it is becoming the fad to stand when America, Yankee Doodle or other musicwith a national touch is played, it isquite a nuisance. Why not make itunanimous and stand during all themusiC "Turkey in the Straw,""Sugar in Gourd," ."Leather Britches," in fact all these classics shouldbe properly remembered and honoredby arising no matter how hard aday's work you have done."Professional Cards.DR. WM. KENNEYEye, Ear, Nose and Throat.ROOMS 403-404.FIRST NATL BANK BUILDING.PHONE 131.WM GRAN NANAttorney-tt-Lawh-gPlitIT NAT'L BANK BUILDING:m-,feilmJOBEWYOEKBOSPTvia Louisville & Nashville Railroad30-Day Limit Round Trip Tourist Fares From Paris, Ky. "NEW YORK $33.00 BOSTON $33.10Reduced Fares to many other cities and resortsin the East and NorthVariable route fares available through Washington, Baltimore, Philadelphia, New York, Boston. Montreal, Toronto,Niagara Falls, Buffalo, Detroit, Atlantic City, the Adiron-,dacks, Lake Champlain, and other citiesand resorts'of thenast ana JNorth, including trips on Atlantic and GreatLake Steamers;For. particulars, rates, folders, etc., applyW. V. SOA Ticket. AgentdmBBBTBwBB:''"CABAL BROS.BARBER SHOPPrompttandCourteousPatrona.Attention to...I oPII;PI25,ESrWliJAJ.BaWAMPfliMWlBWrB&m-fW-aUb1 ! ia auinj2Si& -"lo zs'i ik& 'ittyo? :if-"V 4OaWHBORFI. Tl Briigjt,;m9Is4V-"? v-ifprs.-- -oATJESDAY, JtfLY 31, 1917.OTE BOURBON NEWS, PARIS, KY.SERGEANT McCLINTOCK.3KNo. 4. Shifted tothe SomnieBy Sergeant Alexander McCIintock,D. C. M.f 87th Overseas Batt.,'Canadian Gren. Guards.Copyright,1917, by the Belldicate, Inc.Syn-Sergeant McCIintock is an Americanboy of Lexington, Ky., who has seenservice ( in France, teas decorated for"bravery, wounded, invalided home andnow is returning to accept a commission. This is the fourth article in theseries. In the first article he told ofhis training up to the point where hereached the front line trenches. In thesecond he outlined the elaborate preparations for a bomb raid, and in thethird the disastrous raid was described.A FEW days after the bombing" raid, which ended so disastrous- jly for us, our battalion was relieved from duty on the front line, andthe tip we got was that we were to godown to the big show then takingplace on the Somme. Our relief wasa division of Australians. You see,the sector which we had held in Belgium was a sort of preparatory schoolfor the regular fighting over in France.It wasn't long before we got intowhat you might call the big leaguecontest, but in the meanwhile we hada little rest from battling Fritz andthe opportunity to observe some thingswhich seem to me to be worth tellingabout Those of you who are exclusively fond of the stirring detail ofwar, such as shooting and being shotat and bombing and bayoneting, needonly skip a little of this. We had anentirely satisfactory amount of smokeand excitement later.As soon as our relief battalion hadgot in we moved back to Poperinghefor a couple of days' rest We were apretty contented and jovial lot, ourplatoon especially. We were all glad toget away from the strain of holding afront trench, and there were other advantages. For Instance, the alterations of our muster due to casualtieshad not come through battalion headquarters, and therefore we had in ourplatoon sixty-three rum rations nightand morning and only sixteen men.lt Was Good Clean Fighting. NobodyFired a Shot.There was a Canadian Scot in ourcrowd who said that the only wordwhich described the situation was"g-r-r-r-a-nd!"There was a good deal of jealousy atthat time between the Canadians andn' ri pfT Iuie Australians, acii uaa ujb same ever caned it the "safety first" or "Maforce in the field-four divisions. Ei- QJ. Gray's Light infantry." Majorther force was bigger than any other Gilday was our battalion surgeon. Hearmy composed exclusively of volun- j wag immenseiy popular, and he achievteers ever before assembled. While I l a great name for himself. He madeoeiong to the uanaaian army ana ue-neve tne Canadian overseas rorces mennest troops ever iea to war, x mubisay that I have never seen a body of jmen somagnincentin uveiage yuiqueas the Australians. And some of themwere even above the high average. Theman that punched me in the eye in an"estamina" in Poperinghe made up en-tlrely in his own person for the ab-consist T v Tnfnrr fVvm thP ATlSTTfl-7? , T, " Twf hnw thPhan ranks. I don t know just thesui smrieu uei. ."- ---and us In Poperinghe. .but I know thatit tookjthree regiments of imperialtrooptopi! The most convfi.blorv IrfceErd of-tbe origin of the Dftt-t... x ij i.i... 4-Un. A 11 et-rn linnsWER THEREThe Thrill and the Hell ofthe Trenches, Describedby an American Boy.Sergeant Alexander HcClintock of Lexington, Ky., and the Canadian Army HasGripping Tale That Every American WillRead, For He Tells the Facts Unadorned. Wounded,, a Distinguished ConductMedal Man, He Was Invalided Home,but Is Going "Out There" Again to FightFor Uncle Sam and His Allies. An Inspiring, Interesting, Personal Narrative,Full of the Spirit and Atmosphere of theTrenches.tie was told me by one of our men.who said he was there when it began.He said, one of the Australians hadcarelessly remarked that the Britishgenerals had decided it was time toget through with the sideshow in Belgium, and this was the reason whythey had sent regular troops like theAustralians in to relieve the Canadians.Then some sensitive Canadian wished the Australians luck and hopedthey'd finish it up as well as they hadthe affair in the Dardanelles. Afterthat our two days' rest was made upprincipally of beating it out of estaminas wbtn strategic requirementssuggested a new base or beating it intoestaminas when it looked as if wecould act as efficient re-enforcements.That fight never stopped for forty-eighthours, and the only places it didn't jInclude were the church and the hospitals. I'll bet to this day that theBelgians who run the estaminas inPoperinghe will duck behind the barsif you just mention Canada and Australia in the same breath.But I'm bound to say that it wasgood, clean fighting. Nobody fired ashot nobody pulled a bayonet, and nobody got the wrong idea about anything. The Australian heavyweight'champion who landed on me wentright out in the street and saluted oneof our lieutenants. We had just onesatisfying reflection after the fight wasover the Australian battalion that relieved us fell heir.to the counterattackwhich the Germans sent across to evenup on our bombing raid.Down to the Somme.We began our march to the Sommeby a hike to St. Omer, the first British headquarters in Europe. Then westopped for a week about twenty milesfrom Calais, where we underwent acourse of intensified training for openfighting. The infantry tactics, inwhich we were drilled, were very similar to those of the United States army,those which, in fact, were originatedby the United States troops in the daysof Indian fighting. We covered most jof the ground around Calais on our 1stomachs in open order. While it may jseem impertinent for me, a mere non- icom, to express an opinion about thelarger affairs of the campaign, I think 'I may be excused for saying that the jwar didn't at all take the course whichmn. Annilt-A V I tlrtf"lw1 f SV. offrtl. 'fVlOVV US CApetLCU U11U UUJCU IUI UlLCl lucfight on the Somme. Undoubtedly theallies expected to break through theGerman line. That is well known now.While we were being trained near Calais for open warfare a very largeforce of cavalry. was being assembledand prepared for the same purpose. Itwas never used.That was last August, and the allieshaven't broken through yet Even-'tually I believe they will break lthrough, but in my opinion men who jare drawn for service in the first jhalf million of our new American jarmy will be veterans in Europe beforethe big break comes which will wreckthe Prussian hope of success in thiswar. And if we of the U. S. A. don'tthrow in the weight to beat the Prussians now they will not be beaten, andin that case the day will not be veryfar distant when we will have to beatthem to save our homes and our nation. War is a dreadful and ingloriousand ill smelling and cruel thing. Butif we hold back now we wll be in thelogical position of a man hesitating togo to grips with a drunken, savage,shrieking, spewing maniac who has alli but whipped his proper keepers and isgoing after the onlooker. However, l! wish we had had two months more of! wfiartipr nn rho Snmmp. There minhthave been a different story to telLSimplified Medicine.We got drafts of recruits before wewent to the Somme, and some of ourwounded men were sent back to Eng-land, where we had le.ft our "safetyfirst battalion." That was really theFifty-first battalion of the Fourth division of the Canadian forces, composed of the physically rejected, menrecoverinc from wounds and men In-jUre(i in training. The Tommies, how-0Qe realize what agreat personal, fQrcQ a doctor can be and wnat an un-t1PPRsnrr Piahnration there is in theMcivil practice of medicine.nnflo. fQ.f. nnrlv nrimfnfetniHonI no mjm m Qur battaiion was sick if hed walkf ana if he couldn't walkwag a reaonable suspiCion that !i w&g arxmkfThe maJor simplifiedi dicine dowJ to an esact science of ,I -. . Itwo forms of treatment ana two rem-j d whale oiLi v ...., Number nines" were pale oval puis,j tf Qad been eggg woulfi; ' q abQnt M tQ let- M umaleffect which could only be defined asdynamic. After our men had becomeacquainted with them through personalexperience they stopped calling them"number nines" and called them"whiz-bangs." There were only twopossibilities of error under Major Gilday's system of simplified medicine.One was to take a whiz-bang fortrench feet and the other to use whaleoil externally for some form of digestional hesitancy. And in either caseno permanent harm could result, whilethe error was as simple of correctionas the command "about face." Blightywas therefore not very popular withour battalion, blighty being the trenchname for the hospital.Two weeks and a half after we leftBelgium we arrived at Albert, havingparched all the way. The sight whichmet our eyes as we rounded the rockquarry hill outside of Albert was wonderful beyond description. I remember how tremendously it Impressedmy pal, Macfarlane. He sat by theroadside and looked round over thelandscape as if he were fascinated."Boy," said he, "we're at the bigshow at last"Poor fellow! It was not only the bigshow, but the last performance for7 Tlllii"Boy," "said h, "we're at the big showat last."him. Within sight of the spot wherehe sat wondering he later fell in actionand died. The scene which so impressed him gave us all a feeling ofgreat awe. Great shells from a thousand guns were streaking and crisscrossing the sky. Without glasses Icounted thirty-nine of our observationballoons. Away off in the distance Isaw one German captive balloon. Theother aircraft were uncountable. Theywere everywhere, apparently in hundreds. There could have been no morewonderful panorama picture of war inits new aspectOur battalion was in and out of thetown of Albert several days waitingfor orders. The battle of Courcelettewas then in progress, and the First,Second and Third Canadian divisionswere holding front positions at terrible cost. In the first part of October,1916, we "went in" opposite the famous Regina trench. The battlegroundwas just miles and miles of debris andshell holes. Before we went to ourposition the officers and non-comswere taken In bv scouts to cret the layi of tne jana These trip's were calledCook's tours." On one of them Iwent through the town of Poizerstwice and didn't know it. It had apopulation of 12,000 before the war.On the spot where it had stood noteven a whole brick was left, it seemed.Its demolition was complete. Thatwas an example of the condition of thewhole country over which our forceshad blasted their way for ten milessince the previous July. There werenot even landmarks left.The "Cook's Tour."On the night when we went in to inspect the positions we were to hold, ourscouts, leading us through the flat desert of destruction, got completely turned round and took us back through aj trench composed of shell holes con-nected up until we ran into a battalion of another brigade. The place wasdreadful beyond words. The stenchof the dead was sickening. In manyplaces arms and legs of dead menstuck out of the trench walls.We made a fresh start after our blunder, moving in single file and keepingin touch each with the man ahead ofhim. We stumbled along in the darkness through this awful labyrinth untilj we ran into some of our own scoutsat 2 a. m. and found that we werehalfway across No Man's land, sev-! eral hundred yards beyond our frontline and likely to be utterly wiped outin twenty seconds should the Germanssight us. Fine guides we had on this"Cook's tour." At last we reachedour Droner position, and fifteen min-1 utes after we got there a whiz-bang, alow Gxnlosive murderer, burled mecompletely. They had to dig me outA few minutes later a high explosiveshell fell "in a trench section wherethree of our men were stationed. Allwe could find after it exploded wereone arm and one leg, which we buried.The trenches were without trenchmats, and the mud was from six inchesto three feet deep all through them.There "were no dugouts, only merelymiserable "funk holes," dug where ittxrnc nnssihlo tn rUf? thfm without: nn-j covering dead men. We remained inthis position four days, from the 17thto the 21st of October, 1916.There were reasons, of course, forthe difference between conditions inBelgium and on the Somme. On theSomme we were constantly preparingfor a new advance, and we were onlytemporarily established on groundwhich we had but recently taken after5 j drumming with big guns. The,ii.cu-jd .. w ,... j w. v,. ..liected by ditches. Our old and ubiquitous and variously useful friend, theandbag, was not present in any ca-.lacity, and therefore we had" no para'".pets or dugouts. Che communicationtrenches were all blown in, and everything had to come to us overland, withthe result that we never were quitesure when we would get ammunition,rations or relief forces. The most awful thing was that the soil all about uswas filled with freshly buried men. Ifwe undertook to cut a trench or enlarge a funk hole our spades struckInto human flesh and the explosion ofa big shell along our line sent decomposed and dismembered and sickeningmementos of an earlier fight showering among us. We lived in the muckand stench of "glorious" war, those ofus who lived.The German Dugout and WhatThey Found.Here and there along this line werethe abandoned dugouts of the Germans, and we made what use of themwe could, but that was little. I hadorders one day to locate a dugout andprepare it for use as battalion headquarters. When I led a squad in toclean it up the odor was so overpowering that we had to put on our gasmasks. On entering we first saw twodead nurses with our ghastly flashlights, one standing with her armaround a post just as she had stoodwhen gas or concussion killed her.Seated at a table in the middle of theplace was the body of an old generalof the German medical corps, his headfallen between his hands. The taskof cleaning up was too dreadful forus. We just tossed in four or fivefumite bombs and beat it out of there.A few hours later we went Into theseared and empty cavern, made theroof safe with new timbers and notified battalion headquarters that theplace could be occupied.During this time I witnessed a scenewhich, with some others, I shall neverforget An old chaplain of the Canadian forces came to our trench sectionseeking the grave of his son, whichhad been marked for him on a rudemap by an officer who had seen theyoung man's burial. We managed tofind the spot, and at the old chaplain'srequest we exhumed the body. Someof us suggested to him that he give usthe identification marks and retire out,of range of the shells which werebursting all around us. We arguedthat it was unwise for him to remainin danger, but what we really intendedwas that he should be saved the horrorof seeing the pitiful thing which ourspades were about to uncover."I shall remain," was all he said."He was my boy."It proved that we had found theright body. One of our men tried toclear the features with his handkerchief, but ended by spreading thehandkerchief over the face. The oldchaplain stood beside the body andremoved his trench helmet, baring hisgray head to a drizzle of rain that wasfalling. Then while we stood by silently his voice rose amid the noise ofbursting shells, repeating the burialservice of the Church of England. Ihave never been so impressed by anything in my life as by that scene.The dead man was a young captain.He had been married to a lady of Baltimore just before the outbreak of thewar.The philosophy of the British Tommies and the Canadians aud the Aus-VoiceRose Amid theBursting Shells.Noisetralians on the Somme was a remarkable reflection of their fine couragethrough all that hell. They went abouttheir work paying no attention to theflying death about them."If 'Fritz has a shell with your nameand number on it," said a British Tommy to me one day, "you're going to getit, whether you're in the front line orseven miles back; if he hasn't, you'reall right"Fine fighters all. And the Scotchkilties, lovingly called by the Germans"the women from hell," have the respect of all armies. We saw little ofthe poilus, except a few on leave. Allthe men are self sacrificing to one. another in that big melting pot fromwhich so few ever'emerge whole. Theonly things it is legitimate to steal inthe code of the trenches are ram and"fags" (cigarettes). Every other possession is as safe as if it wore a patentlock.The fifth article of this remarkablepersonal narrative will appear soonIt is entitled:No. 5. Wounded In Action.,This article describes tfte terrible fightthe dead and dying; the loss of a pal andthe ftoal falling of McClintocJin' NoMan'sJLandr Simply told, it is one of themost remarkable descriptions of a battlet by a participant ever put together.Noise ofii. -t-inaL.,1UNUSUALBARGAINSIN ALLLOW FOOTWEAR IWomen's Men's and Children'sPumps and Oxfords at less thanpresent cost. You can save $1.00or $1.50 on each pair. All stylesand all sizes; Don't delay, asthey are going fast.HARRYft 1 1 ! 1Bourbon LaundryDWIS & FUNK, Props.Telephone No. 4.5-M2? . " -uijrif-jyif1"J - - - -Bourbon Laundry,Paris Kentucky.1:OPPORTUNITY!Mr. R. F. Clendenin, Associate General Agent forthe Northwestern Mutual Life Insurance Company, inone day recently, sold 100,000 worth of life insuranceover local and long'distance lines of the Home TelephoneCompany and because of such an amount of businessaccumulated in one day, he divides the honors with usfor the efficient telephone service rendered. This is asplendid record for both Telephone and Insurance Companies. "Mr. Clendenin says; "The service I get from yourCompany is all that I could ask, and on the closing dayof my campaign I used it with wonderful success."Such an opportunity in facilitating business shouldbe grasped by the public in general in employing co-operation,efficiency and confidence.Paris Home Telephone S Telegraph Co.(Incorporated)J. J. VEATCH, District Manager. -W.H. CANNON, THOMAS JL SMITH.Local Manager. Cashier.We Know You'll WonderHow We Do ItBut how or why shouldn't matter. The talk of the town:Palm Beach Suits(the genuine article) in all colors and atyles, $8.50 to$10.00 values, going atYou'll have to hurry, because they're going fast.SURPRISE SPECIAL No. 2AH Our $2.00 and $2.50 Straw Hats M AZfor men, your choice P ntOSee our windows, then hurry in "while the pickiag is good.TWIiyBRQSwCloMHmd Wot Mry L. Walltttis. ft4-virtLINVILLEH Ht t II 1 1 1 1 1 1West 5 StreetSatisfaction is OarWatchwordWith all the latest improvements in laundryappliances and experthelpers we are preparedi to do work inferior to.l! none, and solicit your'& patronage.i.rJtii-sTUESDAY,JULr 31, 1$17.PAGE EIGHTxTHE BOURBON NEWS, PARIS, KY.PARISTUESDAYVivian Reed in the Seligproduction,"THE LAD ANDTHE LION"Helen Holmes in the 9thpisode of"THE RAILROADWRECKERS"Also MUTUAL WEEKLYNEWS.aComingAttractionsHours Alamo, 2 to 5:30; Paris Grand,7 to 10:30, Admission 5 and 1 Oc.MILLERSBURGMiss Renick, of Lexington, is theguest of Misses Mattie and LucieButler.Mr. J. II. Carpenter is improvingnicely, and is able to sit up and reada little bit.Mr. S. It. Allen, of Winchester,was the guest of his brother, Mr. G.S. Allen, Saturday.All persons owning valuabledogs had better look after them.Poisoners are at work.Mr. and Mrs. Lacy Clarke, ofLexington, are guests of their mother, Mrs. Delia Clarke, and other relatives. Dr. W. G. Dailey left Friday forCincinnati to consult with Dr. Fryiberg, going Saturday to Martinsville,Ind., for a ten-days' sojourn.Miss Amelia Hurst and brother,Mr. Edward Hurst, left Friday for avisit to their grandparents, Mr. andMrs. Ed. Cockran, at Elizaville.Mrs. Ed. Wilson, of Cincinnati,arrieved Friday as gue'sts of hermother and sister, and Mrs. JennieLetton and daughter, Miss Leona.Quite a number of the youngfolks held a private picnic in thegrove of Mr. W. W. Shannon, Friday.Tempting picnic lunch was servedand all present had a good time.Rev. Rhbdes, of Clintonville, filled the pulpit of Rev. A. S. Venable atthe Presbyterian church, Sundaymorning, conducting union servicesat the same place Sunday evening.Mrs. Kaze, who has been nursingMrs. J. P. Redmon for several weeks,returned to her home at Lexingtbn,Saturday. Mrs. Redmon is improvingnicely, after a severe attack of typhoid fever.The Red Cross Society will servesandwiches, coffee, ice cream andlemonade in the park on election day,Saturday, Aug. 4th. This is your op-'portunity of refreshing yourselveswhile in town and also helping agood cause. (31-2t)- The annual Hurst Home meetingwill be held att he Hurst Home officeon Wednesday. The building committee arrived Monday morning andbegan its work in auditing the books.Among the important business beforethe meeting will be election of a president to succeed the late J. G. Allen.Mr. John Letton, who has been- in training camp at Dallas, Texas,left Thursday for New York, with hisregiment and they will sail in thenear future for France, where theyhope to soon be on the firing line.Mr. Letton is an old Millersburg boy,a son of Mrs. Jennie Letton, with alarge circle of friends here who wishhim every success imaginable.Mr. C. L. Vimont and sons visited 'Mrs. C. L. Vimont at the home ofher sister, Mrs. Homer Ratcliffe, atSharpsburg, Sunday.' Mrs. Vimonthas been in the Ratcliffe home forseveral weeks with a vew of recuperating her health. Her many friendswill regret to learn that she is notBuy an Edison!Get the Best There'sOn!y One !: The "New Edison gets and gives.all the artist rendered just asthe artist gave it.'There's only ONE best; thatONE is the Edison." (Harger&Blish.) . . .Overtone, in music, is comparable with seasoning in food; Edison alone gives all the overtones:the seasoning.OBERDORFERSfe Aftnt f r Burbn County(July -i1Hi i' 1II ' ;GRAND AND ALANDWEDNESDAY.Kathlyn Williams in"OUT OFTHE WRECK"Morocco Photoplay. Holmes' travelsin Egypt. Bray's comic cartoons.THURSDAY.Bessie Love in Triangle feature,A Daughter' of the Poor"Fine Arts production. Popular Players in "Rise and Tumble." TriangleComedy.improving as rapidly as they wouldlike.There will be a meeting of thelocal Chapter of the Red Cross atthree o'clock to-morrow (Wednesday) afternoon, in the Y. W. C. A.rooms in the Millerburg College. Afull attendance of the membership isearnestly desired.fe PS VAMATRIMONIAL.SULLIVAN THORNTON.Mr. and Mrs. Jere P. Sullivan,former residents of Centerville, thiscounty, now residing in Lexington,have announced the engagement oftheir daughter, Miss Mary Sullivan,a frequent visitor to Paris, to Mr.Roger Thomas Thorvton, a youngbusiness man of Lexington, Ky., andBuffalo, New York. The date for themarriage has not been set.EADS BARNES.Mrs. W. H. Eads, of Lexington,has announced the marriage of herdaughter, Miss Mary Eads, to Mr. H.G. Barnes, of Lexington. The wedding took place in Paris on the afternoon of Wednesday, July 25. After the ceremony the bridal coupleleft for a trip, and will be homewith Mr. Barnes' mother, on EastMain street, in Lexington. The newsof the wedding was a surprise to themany friends of the couple.STEWART JESSUP.Miss Tinnie Stewart, of Tuttle,Oklahoma, and Mr. Edwin P. Jessup,of Boise City, Idaho, were marriedrecently at the home of the bride'ssister, Mrs. W. E. Crouch, in Tuttle.The announcement was received hereby Mrs. Henry Ingels, sister of thebride. Mrs. Jessup has been teachingin the schools at Tuttle for severalyears. She is a daughter of the lateMr. H. C. Stewart, of Shawhan, andhas been making her home with hersister, Mrs. Crouch, in Tuttle, for several years. Mr. Jessup is a prominent young business man of BoiseCity.Mr. and Mrs. Jessup are nowguests of Mr. and Mrs. Ingels, at theirhome near Paris. Before returningto Boise City, where they will be athome after November first they willvisit relatives in Oklahoma and Colorado. IS T51SHARP STABBING PAINSOften Tell of Weak Kidneys AParis Resident Shows YouWhat To Do.The sharp twinge of pain in thesmall of the back that strikes youafter any sudden twist or awkwardmotion, may tell of weak kidneys.And there are often disturbances ofthe urine too frequent urination,scalding or burning pain during passage, discolored urine and sediment.Doan's Kidney Pills are preparedespecially for weakened kidneys, kidney backache and urinary disordershave proven their nierit in thousandsof cases. Doan's are endorsedthroughout the civilized world arerecommended by Paris residents.Chas. Stewart, tinsmith, Lilieston avenue, Paris, says: "I hadthree or four attacks of lumbago inthe past few years, the first beingthe worst. My back was a dull,constant ache all the time and oftensharp, cutting pains darted throughit. Sometimes I thought I couldhardly endure the misery. Doctors'medicine was of no avail and somehow I got hold of Doan's Kidney'Pills, procuring them from the Ar-dery IDrug Co. The first box helpedme and I continued taking them until cured of the attacks. Returnspells since then have always beenslight, and Doan's Kidney Pills havenever failed to relieve me."Price 60c, vat all dealers. Don'tsimply ask for a kidney remedy getDoan's Kidney Pills the same thatMr. Stewart had. Foster-MilburnCo., Props., Buffolo, N. Y. (adv)You can't always reach the heartsof men and women by stuffing themthe men with food, the womenwith flattery.pft PS fcSome men are afraid to marry andsome are fearless until they niarry.DEATHS.DRENNAN.Mr. James P. Drennan, agedseventy, formerly of Flemingsburg,died last week in the ConfederateHome at Pewee Valley, where he hadbeen several years. Mr. Drennan wasa member of the Second KentuckyConfederate Regiment during theCivil War. He has one son, Mr.James D. Drennan, Jr., living nearParis. The body was taken toFlemingsburg for interment.LYONS.Mr. George Lyons, an uncle ofMr. Harry Lyons, died at his homein Indianapolis, Ind., last week, following an illness extending over several years. Mr. Lyons was a bachelor. The news of his death came in theshape of a telegram to his sister-in-law,Mrs. Maria Lyons. The funeralwas held in Indianapolis.SCHULTZ.Mr. Richard Woolfolk Schultz,widely known among horsemen inthis vicinity as "Dick" Schultz, diedsuddenly at his home near Lyndon,Ky., last week of heart trouble. Mr.Schultz for several years conductedthe column headed "Listen" in theFarmers' Home Journal. He hadbeen indisposed for several weeks,but his condition was not regardedas serious, and it was only a few daysprior to his death that he wasplacedunder the care of a physician.Mr. Schultz for a number of yearshad charge of the horses at the;Powhatan Farm, near Louisville.He later conducted a riding academyin one of the fashionable Louisvillesuburbs and built a handsome structure for that purpose. It burned downshortly after its completion. Mr.Schultz then purchased a farm nearLyndon, where he was engaged inbreeding fine saddle horses and wherehe also conducted a riding school.Among the horses owned by Mr.Schultz at the time of his death wasthe famous sire and show horse,Guided By Love.Mr. Schultz was well known byParis and Bourbon county horsemen. He has visited Paris severaltimes as the guest of local horsefanciers, who valued his judgment ofhorseflesh.S3 la TsaRELIGIOUS.The tenl meeting in progress atthe old Bourbon College grounds under the auspices of Evangelists Hobbsand Herrington, attracted a largecrowd Sunday night, the tent beingunable to hold the auditors. A largenumber went forward to the altar atthe call.Rev. J. Leslie Finnell, a graduateof Transylvania College, is conducting a remarkable religious revival attlfe Old Union church, near the Bourbon-Fayetteline. In less than twoweeks over sixty persons have beenconverted under the magic eloquence of the student-minister. Thesong service is led by his sister, MissNellie Finnell. Rev. Finnell is being assisted by the pastor of thechurch, Rev. M. W. Bottom. Therevival is being well attended byBourbon county people.te fi teYES! LIFT A CORN OFP WITHOUTPAIN.Cincinnati Authority Tells How toDry Up a Corn or Callous SoIt lifts Off With Fingers.You corn-pestered men and womenneed suffer no longer. Wear shoesthat nearly killed you before, saysCincinnati authority, because a fewdrops of Freezone applied dircetly ona tender, aching corn or callous,stops soreness at once and soon thecorn or hardened callous loosens soit can be lifted out, root and all,without pain.A small bottle of Freezone costvery little at any drug store, butwill positively take off every hardor soft corn or callous. This shouldbe tried, as it is inexpensive and issaid not to irritate the surroundingskin.If your druggist hasn't any Freezone tell him to get a small bottlefor you from his wholesale drughouse. It is fine stuff, and acts likea charm every time. (adv)flB Rl PBLOOKING POR PLATINUM.A special survey to estimate existing platinum fields and locate newones is being made by the Bureauof Mines. It seems that the UnitedStates produces only 10 per cent, ofits own platinum requirement. Platinum is a war necessity of the firstimportance, owing to its use in thechemical branches of the munitionsindustry- It is felt that the UnitedStates should produce all its ownplatinum, as there are undoubtedlysufficient ore deposits, needing onlyto be properly exploited. The Bureauof Mines has detailed three men tothe investigation, in California, Oregon and the Appalachian region. Atpresent most of the world's platinumsupply comes from Russia.I I feIf a man is unable to account forhis failure in, life he can always deyeuu uii ins umimeremeu. neigUDorsto .enllighten him.", r.BIRTHS.To the wife of Mr. Grant Overbyon Thursday, a daughter, weight tenpounds. The mother was formerlyMiss Mary Quinlan.Sunday afternoon to Mr. andMrs,. Arch McCabe, of Vine street, ason; weight 8 pounds. The motherwas formerly Miss Clara D. Hamilton.COURT OP APPEALS REVERSESDECISION.The Court of Appeals sitting atFrankfort, Saturday, reversed the decision of the Jefferson Circuit Courtin favor of Bruce Haldeman in thecontroversy for business and editorialcontrol of the Louisville Times andLouisville Courier-Journal. In effectthe Court of Appeals held that Wm.B. Haldeman and Henry Wattersoncould manage the paper as they deemed best.fe fe 1To business landladies rumors areless interesting than roomers.MflRGOLEN'SSPECIALSFor This WeekBest Parlor Matches rper box CAll brands Soapper bar . , vCBest High Grade Coffee OCnper pound LoCBest Green Teas 7flper pound "C3 boxes Babbett's Lye OCfor LoCMeats, Etc.IttflRGOLEN'SSanitary Meat MarketNOWIllA price-slashing sale of Summer Footwear, in spite of the high pricesprevailing in shoedom. Anticipating the great advance in shoe prices WEBOUGHT HEAVY! The weather this season has been most unfavorable andwe find ourselves overloaded with High Grade Men's, Women's andChildren'sSUMMER Fthat must be turned into cash at once at prices below factory cost ! A fewof the many extraordinary bargains;Ladies' Pumps andOxfordsLadies' Gray and Champagne KidPumps, $4.00, Sale Price $1.95Ladies' White Sea Island CanvasPumps, $2.50, Sale Price $1.75Ladies' White Poplin Canvas Pumpsand Oxfords, $2.00, Sale Price$1.49Ladies' Dull and Patent Kid, StylishPumps, $4.50 and S5.00, Sale Price.1 $3.49Ladies' Patent Kid Colonette Pumps$4.00 and $4.50, Sale Price$2.95Ladies' Patent and Dull Kid Low andHigh Heel Pumps, $3.50, SalePrice $2.45Ladies' Dull Kid and Patent PumpsBoys', Misses' and Children's Shoes and SlippersMISSES' AND CHILDREN'S SANDALS 49cNone Sent on Approval, ExchangedNo Stamps Given During ThisDAN COHENKRIS'QREiTEST SHOE STOREMcCORMICKMOWERSHave Stood The Test 1:Get a McCormickYou'll Have The BestWE HAVE A!9. t hCor. Fourth and Pleasant St.1GOING ONniland Oxfords, $3.00, Sale Price$1.99Ladies' Patent Pumps and Comf. KidOxfords, $2.00, Sale Price $1.49Ladies' Black assorted small size Oxfords, $3.00, Sale Price 99cLadies' Boots and ShoesLadies' White Sea Island CanvasBoots, $3.50. Sale Price $2.45Ladies' White Canvas, Rubber Sole,English Boots, $2.50, Sale Price$1.69Ladies' Black Kid High Shoes, Buttonand Lace, $4.00, Sale Price$2.99Ladies Gun Metal Button, small sizes,$3.00, Sale Price $1.49w 'LARGE STOCKmmTWEARMen's Shoes andOxfordsMen's White Cloth English Oxfords,Walk-Over, $4.50, Sale Price$4.00 and $3.50Men's Russian Tan Oxfords, WalkOver and Bostonian, $4.50, SalePrice $3.49Men's Tan and Gunmetal Oxfords,$3.00, Sale Price $1.99Men's Patent Colt English Oxfords,$5.00, Sale Price $3.45Men's Black Kid Oxfords, Walk-Over,$4.50, Sale Price $3.50Men's Gun Metal, Button and Lace,$4.00, Sale Price $2.99Men's Gun Metal Button Shoes, $3.00Sale Price $1.99at a great sacrifice in priceTENNIS 39cor Credited.Sale.. Jt AK 331 MAIM, STKET yMH?KT5!FLi& r ' ht i - r- -.,47..