Js?rTHE BOURBON3&e-r- ,,- j-. & '-'tPUBLISHED EVERY TUESDAY AND FRIDAY IN THE YEAR,. 4i'VOLUME' XXXVIIPARIS, BOURBON COUNTY, KENTUCKY, FRIDAY, JUNE 15, 1917NEWSJUNE 18 TO 25RED CROSS WEEKPRESIDENT NAMES THIS DATEPOR SPECIAL ACTIVITY BOTJRPON CITIZENS ARRANGE PORMASS MEETING HERE SUNDAY.r"-"PROCLAMATION OP lRED CROSS WEEK.INASMUCH as our thoughtsas a nation are now turned inunited purpose toward the per-formance -to the utmost of theservices and dufies which weassumed in the cause of justiceand liberty. .INASMUCH as but a smallproportion of our people canhave the opportunity to serveupon the actual field of battle,but all men, women and chil-dren alike may serve and serveeffectively by making it possi-ble to care properly f r thosewho do serve under arms athome and abroad.AND INASMUCH as theAmerican Red Cross is the ofil-cial organized agency for vol-untary effort in behalf of thearmed forces of the nation andfor the administration of re-lief. ,NOW, Therefore, By virtueof my authority as President ofthe United States and Presidentof the American Red Cross, I,-Wood row Wilson, .do herebyproclaim the week ending June25, 1917, as Red Cross Week,during which the peoplo of theUnited States will be called up-on to give generously and in aspirit of patriotic sacrifice forthe support and maintenance ofthis work of national need.' WOODROW WILSON.Washington, D.C., May 25,1917.vIn furtherance of the "President'splan to make the week of June 18to 25, inclusive, one of the greatestactivity in Red Cross -work, and asoutlined "in his proclamation, theBourbon CountyRed Cross Committee held a meeting in the courthouse Wednesday afternoon, and formulated plans for carrying the workforward and' raising the sum of$15,000 or more, that being Bourbon county's apportionment of the$100,000,000 to be raised for theprosecution of the National RedCross work in the United States.The meeting was called to orderby Mr. E. M. Dickson, chairman ofthe committee, who in a brief talkstated the object of the meeting.The members of the committee present were Messrs. N. Ford Brent,Sam Clay, Edward Burke, M. H. Dailey, Frank P. Kiser, James Caldwell.James Thompson, Harry Holt andJohn T. Collins.The chairman appointed the following committees: PublicityBruce Miller, William RemingtonSwift Champ, Sam Clay and PearcePaton (each member of this committee was empowered to select tenassistants); Speaking John T. Collins, James H. Thompson and FrankP. Kiser. 'The chair announced that a bigmass meeting of the citizens of thecity and county would be held in thecourt house on next Sunday, June 17.at three o'clock, and urged that aninvitation be given to every citizenof the county to be present and assistin this most important patrioticMEETING OP RETAIL MERCHANTS' ASSOCIATION.About two hundred merchants.representing the mercantile lines of Idifferent avenues of trade in Central jKentucky, met at the com :. house in jthis city. Tuesdav moraine, in thefourth annual session of the CentralKentucky Retail Merchants' Association. The delegates were met at theLouisville & Nashville passenger station at Tenth street, and at the Interurban station at Fifth and "High,by the Reception Committees, andheaded by the Paris Military Band,were escorted to the court house,where the sessions were held.Mr. David P. Davis, of Frankfort,president of the Association, presided over the sessions, which werecalled promptly at ten o'clock. Theaddress of welcome on behalf of thecity and the merchants of Paris wasdelivered by Attorney John J. Williams, the response being voiced byMr. Julius C. Heilborn, of Shelbyville. A telegram was read from thepresident of the Retail Clothiers' Association, of Lexington, inviting theAssociation to hold its 1918 meetingin t'hat city, also one from Danvillemerchants to the same effect.After reading of the reports of theofficers and committees an addresswas delivered by Mr. W. G. Simpson,advertising manager of the Frankfort State Journal on "What Advertising May Mean to The Small TownMerchant." At the conclusion ofthe address the guests adjourned tothe Hotel Windsor, where luncheonwas served. A number of speecheswere made, Attorney John J. Williams acting as toastmaster. Toastswere responded to by Judge DenisDundon, D. P. Davis, Judge C. A. McMillan and Lawrence Price.At the afternoon session a resolution was adopted offered by -a committee composed of Adolph Davis, A.L. Harbison and Lee Newhoff, expressing allegiance to the President,to the United States and to the National Council of Defense. On recommendation of the committee Danville was chosen as the next placeof meeting. The following officerswere elected for 1918: M. F. Hansford, president; Lawrence Price.vice-president; A. W. Timney, secretary; Ben Lair, treasurer.S2 faNINETY KILLED;200 INJUREDIN AIRPLANE RAID ON LONDON,ENGLAND RUSSIAN MISSIONTO UNITED STATES ARRIVESAT AMERICAN PORT.LONDON. June 14. The east endof London was bombarded yesterday!by fifteen German airplanes.a large numoer or JBritisii airplanespursued the Germans who flew ovrEssex to London.The, German airplanes appearedov"er London shortly before noon.A great battle occurred in the air.The invaders were attacked by antiaircraft guns as well as by Britishaviators.In the House of Commons Chancellor Bonar Law said forty-nine persons had been killed and two hundred injured in the raid, as far as as-,WASHINGTON, June 14. TheRussian mission to th& United States,headed by Boris A. Bakhmetieff, &sspecial ambassador, has landed ataPacifiec port. The party, consisting '6fabout forty members, will stop Hfst jat Seattle, Washington, and proceedat once to Washington. ;fAN ATLANTIC PORT,, June 14.-4-DestructioR of a German submarineby the American steamship Kroonland was reported by the merchantman uponher arrival in an Americanharbor. $Her officers refused to discuss theencounter except to say that by agilemaneuvering the Kroonland managedto ram and sink the U-boat shortlyafter two of the underwater boatshad attacked the merchantman, ojiefrom either side. IThe Krooland lost a blade fro'nrher propeller.B Hl IH1 NationalRed Cross Week June 18 to25 fMASS MEETINGAt 3 O'Clock P. M.Sunday, June 17work. He explained that the countyhad been pledged to raise $15,000 ormore for the Red Cross .b'una in uieNational campaign, and that it waso rfntv of all the citizens to help.Patriotic speeches will be made bylocal orators, and music will be furjiished by the Paris Military BandAs a preliminary to this work ,theregular meeting of the Bourbonnnimtv Business Men's League willhe held at the court house W-morrowafternoon at 2:30 o'clock, to take upconsideration of the- labor and agricultural part of the National RedCross Campaign Week. They propose to take steps for organizing labor so that farmers and others in"need of able-bodied help may haveno difficulty in securing same. Theywill' appoint committees to take an011-oto npnKus of all the loafers inthe city and county, and ascertainhow they may most profitably employ in helping the farmers and gardeners to conserve the food suppliesof the county by going to work onthe farms and gardens. Committeeswill also be selected to take a census and survey of the resources ofthe county.An office will shortly be opened onMain street, in the vicinity of Eighthstreet, in charge of a competentSecretary, who 'will be paid a salaryio attend to the duties of the office.This office will at all times be openlor- thawployswutj.ot help for farm" rs ami otters Ik mtd of labor, who"BLOW, BUGLES, BLOW!"A detachment of the bugle anddrum corps from the Third Regiment, stationed at the mobilizationcamp at Lexington, visited Paris,Tuesday, in the interest of the campaign for the Liberty Loan bonds.The detachment of sixteen menmade the air quiver with their bugle calls, as they marched throughthe streets of the city. Frequentstops were made on the line of march,when the men-'would give their"Liberty Loan yell." Short addresseswere made at different pointsthroughout the city on the importance of an immediate and patlrioticresponse to the Liberty Loan plan.The men were very enthusiastic overtheir work, and their visit stirredinterest anew in the Liberty Loanproject.Sa fca feIMPORTANT CHANGE OP PASSENGER TRAINS.Effective June 17, the followingpassenger trains will be discontinuedn thi division of the L. & N.:Nos. Ill and 112 between Butlerand Cincinnati.Nos. 26 and 29 between Paris andCynthiana.Sunday trains 211 and, 214 andweek-day trains 133 and 134 between Lexington and Paris.Nos. 16 and 17 between Paris andMaysville.(15-2t) W. V. SHAW, Agent.BOSTON, June 14. The Leylaliner Anclian. which' left BostATnv 30 fnr T.lvernnnl. has heenpedoed and sunk by a Gorman submarine, according to cable advicesreceived by agents here. The crewwas saved. $ -3 fta f-a -GET THE MARGOLEN HABIT.At the Court House in ParisEvery Citizen of Bourbon Urged to Attend and Assist inthis Patriotic Work.IBOURBON COUNTY PLEDGED TO RAISEI $15,000.00 OR MOREBourbon County's Part of the$100,000,000 to be Raised ForNational Red Cross Fund!TheareJl Hi SB -- READY POR CAMP.Messrs. Finnell Galloway, OwenGibson, Alvin Thompson and BrooksWoodford, of Paris, are still on thewaiting Jist as subject to call forduty in "the Officers' Reserve Corpsat Ft. Benjamin Harrison, near Indianapolis.All our fresh vegetables and fruitskept inside of our store in refrigerator counters and windowsfree from dust, flies and gyrms of allkinds. Our home-killed Bourbon-raised meats are the choicest andplease those who have acquired ,theMargolen habit. Come in and trytrading wih us you'll like it.MARGOLBN'S SANITARY MEATMARKET. (It)tej ew tsiSEE WHAT ONE CENT WILL BUY.1,000 pounds of "Opeka" Coffee tobe sold at 1 cent "Rexall AdvertisingSale" next week.(It) VARDEN.& SON, Druggists.fcs fcs fcaBULLOCK ORDERS VARDEN WILLPROBATED.The will of the late Rev. Dr. Geo.S. Varden, formerly of Paris, whodied suddenly some weeks ago at hishome in Lexington, has been orderedprobated in the Lexington court byJudge Bullock. The will is to dispose of an estate valued at about?20,000.The validity of the will had been'contested, as well as the jurisdictionof the court of Judge Bullock. JudgeBullock overruled the objection ongrounds of jurisdiction and orderedthe will admitted to probate. Thecontents of the will are to be madepublic after it has been probated.Sa Pa fa 'I Come and Do Your Bit-Bring Your NeighborPatriotic Speeches By Good Orators Music By Brass BandGIRLS' HONOR GUARD.may call on the Secretary for thatpurpose, and will be under the directsupervision of the Business Men aLeague. A committee composed ofSam Clay, ForBrent, Thus. II. Clay,Jr., and Ed. Burke was appointedto secure the office and to select theSecretary.Secretary C. O. Hinton, or tneBourbon County Y. M. C. A., andcsporfitarv of the Paris .Chautauqua,stated to THE NEWS yesterday thatthe- Chautauqua Committee had heldmeeting and had agreed to donate all profits accruing to the Association during the Chautauqua engagement next month to the localChapter of the Red Cross for theirwork in this county.Rev. J. M. Maxon, president ofMargaret College, Versailles, will beone of the principal speakers at themaw "meeting to be held Sunday af-LADIES' SUITS.One'lot of ?20.00, $22.50 and $25.00suits, at $10.00.HARRY SIMON.ss fca faRAILROAD MEN SUBSCRIBE TORLIBERTY BONDS.' The management of the Louisville& Nasville railroad company hasmade it easy for the employees of theroad to purchase Liberty Bonds. Itis understood that a great many ofthe company's employees at thispoint will make application -to purchase bonds under the railroad'splan of paying in installments.fca ?si ?CASHIER RESIGNS; TAKES NEWPOSITION.A local chapter of the Girls' National Honor Guard was organized inParis, Tuesday afternoon, for thopurpose of being ready to give practical aid in all local, State and National disasters.The meeting was held at theSweet Shop and was addressed byMiss Katherine McCann, of Lexington, State Organizer. Miss McCannexplained the objects of the meeting,being assisted by Miss Kate Alexander, of Paris, who has been designated to take charge of the local work.Upon call for names of members thefollowing representatives of the leading families of Paris and Bourboncounty responded by signing theirnames to the nror: Misses ValetteMcClintock, Margaret and NancyGriffith, Charlotte Henry, SarahPower. Carolyn Roseberry, MaryKenney Webber, Louise Steele, AnnaWilson, Catherine Wilson, ClaraBelle O'Neal, Frances Hancock,iPrances Clay, Mildred Lisle, Margaret Willis, JNen uruicner, jciiisu,beth Brown, Matilda Jame?, Katherine Marsh, Virginia Cook, AlleenBosworth, Willie T. Summers, HelenHutchcraft, Sarah Thompson, DorcasUssery, Martha Ferguson, ElizabethSteele and Nancy Barbee Wilson. .Another meeting will be held to,i,. -. An if is ovTiected that themembership roll will be increased bythe addition of a large number ofnames.sa m fcsMILLINERY AT HALP PRICE.Entire Spring and Summer stock ofmillinery, at half price.HARRY SIMON.wWWwwWWW: WiThomas K. Smith, Cashier of theParis Home Telephone & TelegraphCo., in this city, has resigned hisposition to accept a similar positionin the office of R. F. Clendenin, Absociate General Agent of the Northwestern Mutual Life Insurance Co.,in this city. After July 1, all premiums for the Northwestern will beoffice of Mr.collected through thenipndenin. for the counties of Bourternoon.' ReT.-Xaxon is an eloquent 1 bon, Harrison, Clark, Mason jT-Scou" ' j -'2..r..i iiMaVV' . and T8ra.nklin. v 'una luivciut ro.landrariklin.Pa SaSUIT DISMISSED.By agreement among the attorneysand the parties interested in thesuit of the Paris Milling companyagainst the Paris Ice Company foralleged illegal use of waier inStoner Creek, the suit has been dismissed vithout prejudice.The case, which was to have beentried at this term of the BourbonCircuit Court, was one in which theMilling Company sued the Ice Company for $10,000 damages, alleged tohave been sustained by reason of theIce Company rurfning pipes in thecreek and withdrawing water Inlarge quantities abpve the dam controlled by the .Milling 'Company.E KNOW H0WCLOTHINGVALUESThat Can't Be Found Elsewhere You'll Find at Mitchell, & Blakemore's StoreWe give you value for every dollar you spend,whether it is the man with a ten-dollar bill or the'fellow with 'three tens that he wants to spend-for aSuit of Clothes. We wilnot misrepresent ourmerchandise in order to make a sale, and when youpurchase a suit from our store, whether it is a -mediumpriced garment or a high priced suit, the samedependable guarantee goes with it that has madeour store a success.Blue Serge, Fancy Worstedand Homespun SuitsMade Right and Tailored LikeGood Clothes Should Be ' "$12.50 to $30.00Walk into our store and buy your clothes you'will be satisfied with yourself and also the fit andstyle of your suit. Fancy, stylish and extreme stylesuits for the young man who wants to be among thewell dressed crowd.Mitchell & BlakemoreManhattan Shirts Ncttlcton Shoes Sttsm Hats't,) iI1A IJ. j1u1' ji.rvy-' ..".S- J lr- J-r-' 4.V -A .- .1 .fAGTWO." J-THE BOUKBOJT tfEWS, PARIS," KR.mOULT, JtJNM II, 1MTThe Bourbon News"Hftbllshtd 1M1 35 Ytan of" tlnuout Publication.Con-Wished Every Tuesday and Friday.r Year... $2.00 Six Months... $1.00Payable in Advance.WIFT CtlAMP, Editor and Owner.A&y erroneous reflection upon thecharacter, standing or reputation ofjaafr person, firm or corporation which.May appear in the columns of THEJKHJRBON NEWS will be gladly corTaotegl if brought to attention of thedltor.mr&mmlskADVERTISING RATESDisplay Advertisements, $1.00 perInch for first time; 50 -cents per incheach subsequent insertion.Reading Notices, 10 cents per ljneeach issue; reading notices in blacktype, 20 cents per line, each issue.Cards of thanks, calls on candidates, obituaries and resolutions, andsimilar matter, 10 cents per line.Special rates for large advertisements and yearly contracts.. The right of publisher is reservedto decline any advertisement or otheraaatter for publication.Announcements for political officesmust invariably be accompanied bythe cash.EDITORIAL MUSINGS.Like Finding Money.The experience of the cultivatorsof some of the vacant city lots inParis is that in many instances it hasbeen -"like picking up money in thestreets." And not only is it profitable employment from the viewpointof dollars and cents, but the universal testimony is that it keeps thedoctor from the door. It is both ahealth-winner and a money-maker.In this connection cash returns"from the cultivation of one vacantJot a little over one .acre iniGeorgetown are of general interest to those who are now engaged inthe community garden on the oldFair Ground, and in the lots allground Paris, as well as in privategardens; The Georgetown Timessays:"G. Haynes Nunnelley sold in Lexington, Monday, 2.6G0 pounds of tobacco which "W. R. Woolums raisedlast summer on a vacant one andone-quarter-acre lot just back of hishome on South BroadwavMRfeYou -went out on tyour companionsand sanrtkla yoimgman, and knew-A that lU waa astranger; but you laughed and tossedyour head as you passed "nlm; and,perhaps, made some light remarkthat he overheard."He-is a stranger here, undoubtedly, and did not know that you werea moral girl, for he would not thinkso by your general appearance. I amsorry that this has occurred, but,daughter, don't you think you are asmuch to blame as he?"Can any fair-minded man thinkotherwise than did this plain-spokenfather, whojtvas doing his daughtera kindness in putting herself in viewof herself?-rSKe streets, with BATTLESHIPMomtDmFOTMEWT01K. ;W '' .KENTUCKY 125 YEARS AGO.One hundred and twenty-years ago,Friday, June 1, the State of Kentucky was admitted into the "Union,making the fifteenth State. It wasonly through the delay of Virginiain recognizing the independence thatthe State failed to take her placealongside of the thirteen originalcolonies.During her existence as a State,Kentucky has played an importantpart in the Nation's history, not onlyin peace, but also in war. Every warin which the United States has beenengaged Kentucky has borne herfhare of the burden.In the War of 1812 is was largelythrough the ability of the Kentuckysharpshooters that the importantbattle of New Orleans was won,which was virtually the only victoryof the war. Kentuckians also gaver. good account of themselves in thewar with Mexico. In the Civil Warthe State declared her neutrality, butwhat could be more natural whenone considers that a Kentuckian wasat the head of the government.Although Kentucky took neitherside in the great international conflict, neverethless furnished her quotaof men, sending more soldiers to theUnion Army than the State of Vermont and more to the Southern sidethan Georgia.It was a Kentuckian who firstscaled the dizzy heights of MountChapultepec and planted the United jStates flag on its summit; it was aKentuckian, Cassius M. Clay, who ledthe abolitionists in the South; itwas a Kentuckian who postponed theCivil War ten years and when thestruggle at last came it was a Kentuckian who preserved the Union.Can any State claim greater men?"A PAPER FOR THE SOLDIERS.The Western Union TelegraphCompany writes as follows:"The soldier boys in khaki whoare guarding the right-of-way aregenerally located far from the townswhere they can get a daily paper. Ifthe traveling man when throughleading his paper would slipa rubber band around it or tie it with abit of string and throw it off at thefirst tent along the railroad, such anact would be appreciated."To respond to this request wouldlequire little effort. "Travelingmen" commercial travelers andmen traveling who are not "travelingmen," should throw their papers tothe soldiers. It should become theti. ui i custom-to do so. Persons who readi. iic nine .. .HEAETr,Vacation time visitors to New YorkCity this summer- will find a newpoint of interest on Broadway. Atthe corner of Fourteenth street inUnion Square in one of the busiestsections of all Manhattan there hasbeen placed a perfect replica of amodern dreadnaught. It has beenconstructed in the center of thepark and looks all the world as if ithad just arrived in port.The ship, which has been namedthe "Recruit," was built through theefforts of Mayor Mitchell's DefenseCommittee a&d- the contributions ofpatriotic citizens. On Memorial Day,with appropriate and imposinglaunching ceremonies,"lt was turnedover by Mayor Mitchell to AdmiralUsher for the use of the navy in recruiting. The ship is manned bythirty seamen from the training station at Newport, R. I., and is in command of officers of the navy. It isbeing used exclusively for recruitingand events that will stimulate enlisting. All day long speeches are made tothe crowds of onlookers, while on themain deck men are given information, andafter qualifying, are passedon to the examining surgeons, whohave offices aboard. The turrets, aremounted with -guns of wood that arevery formidable looking, while thefighting masts and several genuinemachine guns add to the realism.The bridge is equipped with seachlights, signals, semaphores which areworked every night . The completeroutine of the ship is carried out,and throughout the day and night the"Recruit" is surrounded by a crowdof interested watchers. Band concerts are given nearly every nightand motion pictures of navy trainingand the opportunity it presentsyoung men are flashed on a screenevery night.It is planned to have a number ofinteresting events occur on deckevery evening. John Philip Sousa,who has just been made a Lieutenantin the Naval Reserve, is to make hisfirst o'atdoor appearance in NewYork as an Officer Band Masterabord the "Recruit," directing theNavy Yard Band. Last week nearlythree hundred young men who hadbeen enlisted at the New York Recruiting Stations, gathered on thedeck of the "Recruit" before leavingfor the training station at Newport.Here they were addressed by Monseigneur Lavelle, representing Cardinal Farley."jjftjjfc. V-c- P'-HrEair Lis t$PricefcTTime TestedTWM HMHISSH F- Tfr..tm.nt IBBBHRoad Tested-.nnnm naim. amm aaaiaBiaav aaaK.aaaaat mm MBBBBBBBBax .BBBBBBBBW .BBBBBBBBbw BBBBBBBBBBk. BBBBBBBBBBW BBW .BBBBBBBBm. BBBI BBBlBaaaaBMay MBMFBjBFwmI wmm y5i (8I BLACK SAFETY TREAD TIRES Mmmw"9avEf i aaa35P i If l "&m 'HUIH - ! i .... i i 1ti , -wvmJimmmm & t t undreds ofWkB-mm -mm. i m -1917!thousands of tire users from thepioneer days of the automobile, acclaimGoodrich Tires the TESTED TIRES ofAmerica on the TEST of TIME.GIRLS ARE TO WEAR OVERALLS.MttumMwmMSMmmWml a iHI frH;hit mwZmK-&&But the Road Testits Tires.the Goodrich Test forSix fleets of Goodrich Test Cars in six widely differentsections of our country, are daily putting the ROADTEST to Goodrich Tires to bring out the BEST intires for you.'Th Dixie Fleet,- The Pacific Fleet; -The MountainFleet; The Prairie Fleet-Thm Lake Fcf,ThAtlantic Fleet.ALL belabor Goodrich Tires against mvery kind ofroad and every kind of climatic handicap.5 -- Minions of miles the average of the combined fleets isouu,uuu inucs a weeK xnus serue xne auraoiiiTy anaresilience of the Goodrich principle of the UNITMOLD, unbroken cure, Goodrich- has always maintained was BEST for fabric tires.Buy this TESTED certainty of a lasting tire, backed upby Goodrich Fair Treatment, in Goodrich BlackSafety Treads."uuTHE B. F. GOODRICH CO.Akron, OhioGoodrich also maJcC3 the famous Silvcrtown Cords;the tire which won the 1916 Racing ChampionshipAlso the Best Tubes Brown and Graytoken lbs 5eeT&U.kliTVe4SS9hrUBest in the Long' Run"memEmmmmmfJmFcrop-toought $22.40 hundred pounds,amounting to ?580 on the whole.Some returns from an old back lot!"On this basis the Times figuresthat if the city were to close up alew old back streets and put out acrop of the weed, "the old townwould soon be out of debt ,and thefinances in a flourishing condition."This of the tobacco crop alone; and- the extracts given are merely to showfrtiat has been done, and what mightbe done, with available city lots,such as we have here in Paris.But there are other money-makingcrops as attractive inducements for, the "vacant-lot farmer," who, by theinvestment of a little time and energy, may make the greater part ofhis home supplies and still haveenough left to go to market and "putmoney in his purse."But that is just what he doeswhen he raises foodstuffs himself, forhis honre-table alone, what he wouldhave to buy for himself and familyelsewhere. Any way one looks at ?ton tne train snouid provide tnembefves with small rubber bands orstring. Bear in mind that the newspaper tossed off without being heldin a roll by a rubber band or astring will not reach a soldier. Itwill be scattered along the right-of-wayor blown under the train.Prepare your paper for free delivery to a soldier. Watch for the tentand deliver the paper. Be a newsboy. It may be a new sensation andit will associate you with an honorable calling from whose ranks havesprung many noble Americans:The Traveling Men's ProtectiveAssociation should take this matterup. formally. We believe it will. Itie just the sort of thing the T. P. A.would do.RAILKOADS WIN VICTORYHIGHER COURTINThe United States Supreme Courthanded down a decision Monday inan important tax case which meansthe vacant lot and the backyard gar- a decided victory for the railroads.den farmer will prove to be a winnerat least.'. -"As Much To Blame As He."A few days ago a young Parisgirl came home very much disturbedin mind and told her parents that ayoung man had spoken to her on the.street in ,a very disrespectful way.Her mother was as much- angered asTie girl when she heard the story,and both thought that the fathershould take the matter up and chastise the young man.But the father, who was a wiseold owTl in his day and generation,after some reflection, said: "Daughter, you are not an immoral girl;but let me tell you -a few thingsthat may help you to look differentlyat this matter. You 'are young andattractive, and your dress is such thatit displays all the charms of yourface and figure. Your arms are barealmost to the shoulder, your waistfct cut ao low that a good portion ofyour shoulders and chest are exo4 to view; your skirt Is narrowaad scant, and the slit In-the front,-with y&ur bright short petticoataaa your jfauxe stockings, display-your Urn almost to the knees;drt i-ct taat almost vry limeThe decision entails a loss to Kentucky of many thousands of dollarsof revenue from public service corporations of all kinds, and determinesmany pending suits. Pleas of theState Board of Valuation and Assessment that the Federal Courts had nojurisdiction to enjoin the corporationfranchise assessments and that noFederal questions were raised wererejected by the Court.The fashion editor of the Woman's Home Companion says in theJuly issue:"Something is going into the summer girl's trunk this year that hasnever gone into it before! Have youguessed already that 'it' is overalls,and that she has taken the hint fromthe busy, capable women in Europewho have been doing men's worksince the war started?"The American girl is a levelheaded young person, and when sheis planning her clothes she considers carefully their appropriateness.That's why she is looking with favorthis summer on the new overalls forwomen that have just been put uponthe. market."The shops are displaying them incool durable materials selected purposely for summer wear. They comein percale and denim in solid colors,and in most attractive stripes, andalso in the durable khaki shade.They consist of an easy-to-get-intocoat, and overalls which are fullenough to suggest in themselves thatthey will be donnednot by mere man,but a very feminine young person."wagon. Look at me. I haven't hada black eye in nine years.""Oh, yes, I've heard that automo-.bile crank story before. I guess you jran into a tree, if the truth were ;known." f"That story will do to tell womenand chifdren, but don't hand it to me, jold scout." ("Wear glasses and then they won'tldare hit you in the eye. It's a peni-:tentiary offense." j"It seems as though when you willfall up stairs you could manage tohit some other portion of your anat-jomy than your eye, but there is noaccounting" for tastes.""What was the bartender sore atyou about? Couldn't you leave theplace at shutting-up time without being thrown out?"L. & N. TIME TABLEEffective Sunday, April 22, 1917, 12:01 a. m.THE JULY AMERICAN MAGAZINEHULENMEYER GIVES TESTDISTINGUISH MUSHROOMS.That the earth yields no otherspontaneous crop more palatable,meaty and nutritious than the mushroom, is the opinion of H. F. Hillenmeyer, the Lexington florist and gardener, who laments that the vegetable is under contempt and has become known as "Toad Stools," because of the fact that just a fewof the many varieties are poisonous.Mr. Hillenmeyer says that there isa simple test used by him for manyyears which is unfailing in its efficiency to distinguish the good fromthe bad kind. This test consists intasting the specimens. If they areacid they are also poisonous andmust be discarded. If they taste liKeThere is "ar-blending of articles andfiction in the July American Magazine that give a reader the properproportion of helpfulness and entertainment. In "Markley's Method"one will find a serviceable idea thatcan be put to use by all: John HaysHammond thinks Cecil Rhodes wasthe most wonderful man- he ever met,and he tells some new things aboutRhodes. "What the Middle-Aged CanDo for Their Country" is full of timely suggestions. Douglas Fairbankswrites about some of his stunts inthe movies and Darwin P. Kingsley,President of the New York Life Insurance Company, gives his ideaabout the difference of $1,000 and?5,000-a-year men.The stories of Hugh S. Fullerton,David Grayson, Gladys Johnson andothers are amusing and thrilling, and"Sid's" editorial has a punch packedin every line. The serial story byijq ; Edna Ferber, has a generous install-,ment, and tne interesting Peopledepartment, and Family Money arefilled with good things. The resultsof the contest "How I Think MiddleAge Should Be Met" are also in thisissue.KENTUCKY TRACTION& TERMINAL COMPANYInterurban Schedule.CARS LEAVE10:05 D. m.ParisforLexington6:45 a. m.7:30 a. m.8:15 a. m.9:00 a. m9;45 a. m.11:15 a. m.12:45 p. m.. 2:15 p. m.3:45 p. m.4:30 p. m.5:15 p. m.6:05 p. m.6:50 p. m.8:15 p. m.11:00 p. m.LexingtonforParis6:00 a. m.7:20 a. m.8:00 a. m.8:50 a. m.10:20 a. m.11:50 a. m.k 1:20 p. m.2:50 p. m.3:30 p. m.4:20 p. m.5:00 p. m., 6:00 p. m.7:20 p. m.- 9:10 p. xn.TRAINS FROM ARRIVALNo. , - 1 - " ! "",134 Lexington, daily except Sunday '. 518 m34 Atlanta, daily 5:25 am25 Cynthiana, daily except Sunday ......7:35 am10 Rowland, dally except Sunday - , . . . .7:35 am11 Maysville daily except Sunday,, 7:38 am40 Lexington daily except Sunday. . .., , ,..7:40 am211 Maysville, Sunday anly 8:qo am21tf Rowland, Sunday only !8:05 am140 Lexington, Sunday only V. 8: 10 am17 Maysville, daily except Sunday .. 9 -50 am37 Cincinnati, O., daily ."; 9:52 am12 Lexington, daily 10:12 am33 Chicago, daily 10:17 am26 Lexington, Daily Except Sunday 12:00 m29 Cynthiana, Daily Except Sunday , 2:55 pm9 Maysville, Daily Except Sunday ..., 300 pm138 Lexington, Daily 3:12 pm38 Knoxville, Tenn., Daily . 315 pm19 Maysville, Daily si.40 pm39 Cincinnati, Daily Except Sunday 5:51 pm14 Lexington, Daily Except Sunday 6:18 pni32 Jacksonville, Fla., Daily 533 pm214 Lexington, Sunday only ..9:20 pm239 Cincinnati, Sunday only 930 pm31 Cincinnati, OV Daily 1 .! '.1038 pm130 Lexington Daily 10:23'p m$1.50TOa nut. or like irair. meat thevmavTHE BLACK EYE.He was stooping over the Fordcrank when it kicked back and hithim in the eye, placing the optic indeep mourning. That was the truthof it, but these are some of thethings he heard from his friendswhen he walked to his office nextday:"Been having a flght? What's ther lady's- name?"J "Your wife can throw a rdllingKpInpVettyttrai-Kvcan?t-8he?'Cincinnatiand ReturnOn Special Sunday Excursion onSunday, June 17thTRAINS FOR LEAVI16 Maysville, Dally except Sunday.....; ...... 530 am34 Cincinnati, wally 5:ai aa40 Cincinnati, daily except Sunday ". 7:45 uq11 Lexington, daily except Sunday 7:47 ata10 Maysville, daily except Sunday 7:48 am211 Lexington, Sunday only iq am?40 Cincinnati, Sunday only .8:20 am25. Lexington, daily except Sunday 955 am37 Knoxville, daily 9:57 am133 Lexington, daily !l0:20 am33 Jacksonville, daily 10:22 am18 Maysville, daily 12J04 pm26 Cynthiana, daily except Sunday 12:05 pm13 Lexington, daily except Sunday... 3:17 pm38 Cincinnati, daily 3:20 pm39 Lexington, daily except Sunday.. ".. .. ' 557 pm9 Rowland, Daily except Sunday !!.!!.!!!!! 600 pm14 Maysville, daily except Sunday R; L32 Chicago, dally '.'.'".. 1 6-33 hm30 Cynthiana, daily except Sunday 648 pm139 Lexington, Sunday only T. Y.Y.Y.Y.9i2 pmo,1? Marine, Sunday only - 9:30 pm214 Maysville, Sunday only - g:30 Jm239 Lexington, Sunday only !!..,!JJ.".J.."938 pm209 Richmond, Sunday only .' ... , ...." .9:40 nm119 Rowland, Sunday only !"!!!!! 940 pro129- Lexington, Daily Y. YYYYYYYY YYYYY.iiZo p mft T I I Tl I""En-m "CIT -rrw- -- -- i.w-.- j. - m m nNO. TRAINS ARRIVE FROM2 Frankfort, Ky., Daily Ex. Sunday 7.33 a. m4 Frankfort, Ky., Daily Ex. Sunday 5. 51) j mTRAINS DEPART FOR1 Frankfort, Ky., Daily Ex. Sunday ."... 825 a. m.ci Frankfort. Ky., Daily Ex. Sunday - -25 p m.Special train leaves Paris 8:20a. -m., arriving in oincirmmti at-J0:30 a. m. . IReturning' leaves Cincinnati Prompt.(4thStreet Station) at 7 p. m.CAHAL BROS.BARBER SHOPw. -yr.$jiAWjAitfiiit.and Courteous Attention. ' JPtfonr ' IO "",'V i-ar o-- 'to- jf'- 5-vous, tired, worried ordespondent it is aure sign you needMOTTSNERVtRUVCPILLS. They renew Uw normal vif or andmakef life worth living. BeMKMMk fMutt't Nctwuui Pilk ?&S$WiUJAMt MTG.CO .PWfOit !. Otfcot your ur me ma in oi rir.be used -.with-aaftty. ,'You .oughtto get on, the wattr '.-7 W. R. CLINKENttAD, TV A:.2a -l. S?. a "HOT2A"ND COLDJiATH. '-.sbctliS-.---' OMRDORFIR. Tilt1. .;.-: - ".:.--'-I: 'Ar'rFRIDAY, JUNK 15. 1J17.- ,THB:TOUNraAItti-KTiX. tFAGB TfflUqpiANNOUNCEMENTSWe are authorised to announca thoEQpd Democrats below aa candidiatMat the Democratic primary on August4, 1917, to fill -the offices to whichthey aspire: tFOR STATE SENATORLEE WAINSCOTT,Clark County.GEORGE HON,Clark County.ABRAM RENICK,Clark County.FOR REPRESENTATIVE.: C. M. THOMASFOR SHERIFF.WILL G. McCLINTOCK,vt i'iu Doo Marshall and Bob Gilkey asdeputies.L. A. SOPER,With D. E. Clarke and L. C. Ashcraftas deputies.FOR COUNTY JUDGE.GEORGE BATTERTONC. A. MCMILLAN.FOR COUNTY ATTORNEYDAVID D. CLINE.WM. GRANNAN.COUNTYSUPERINTENDENTSCHOOLS.OFJ. B. CAYWOOD.MISS MABEL ROBBINS.FOR JAILERGEO. W. JUDY,THOS. TAUL,JOHN H. DOTY,WALKER RISER,C. T. MASTERSON,W. O. BUTLER,JOHN W. KING,J. W. HART.FOR ASSESSORWALTER CLARK,ef Paris, with Jno. J. Redmon, of NorthMfddletown, as deputy.GEO. D. SPEAKES,Paris, with Lee R. Craven, of LittleKSfek, at Deputy.FOR MAYORW. O. HINTONE. B. JANUARYr-FOR POLICE JUDGECLAUDE P. REDMON,J. W. BROWN,P. A THOMPSON.HARRY L. MITCHELL.ERNEST MARTINFOR CHIEF OF POLICE.JAMES H. MORELAND.W. FRED LINK.POB COUNCILMAN.JOHN CHRISTMANJOHN MERRINGERLOSTSomewhere on the streets of Paris,or between Seventh street and theParis Cemetery, a 'work basket containing an embroidered gown, silverthimble, scissors and tatting bobbin.Finder leave at this office.LOST.Somewhere on Main street, or-at theParis High School, a child's small goldand coral pin. Finder please returnto NEWS office.LOST..In the Paris Grand Opera House,or on .the streets of Paris-last Saturday night, an amethya. eliptical shaped. Ue pin, la gW setting, highly priced as a keepsake. Finder leave at thisoffice.FOR SALEOne hundred whisky barrels, suitable for uslag for pickles, or for use Insetting out tobacco plants. CallTHOS. AHEARN,(15) CUm. Phone 1017, Paris, Ky.For Rent.Nice 4-room flat with water,pleofcrie liehts. over Cahal'sgas andBarberShop. Most convenient location inParis. Apply to(tf) CAHAL BROS.For Sale.Several used automobiles. Thesecars ara all in good condition and canbe bought right for cash. - .,DICKERSON 4k DOUGLAS GARAGE.(3-tf)Wxl Wanted.Wa are in the market for your wool.Get yor sacksat, the IndependentTobacco Warehouse.(1-tf) CLARKt YOUNG.Scrap Iron Wanted.I am paying fifty cents per hundredfor all kinds of acrap ironUotilaaatham LOW joiindj. This material,, canbe weight at any city-soalas. This Isto l'4alivat4.iallia-ca-on tka,LoIiTiUe NaskTllle tracks, oppoalU thefreitk i toot.Call as ovar the Cumberland' 'phonsUVJ. " ,-TItaXcMUNIOHir -"' MtsiWW ttraat, Paria, Ky.i.HAVE TOP A BJU) BACK?.,If You HtYe, the Statement of ThisParis Resident Will In-terest You.Docs your back ache, night andday;Hinder work; destroy your rest?Does.it stab you through andthroughWhen you stoop or lift or bend?Then your kidneys may be weak.Often backache is the clue.Just to give you further proof,Tho kidney action may be wrong.If attention is not paidMore distress will soon appear.Headaches, dizzy spells and nerves,Uric acid and its illsMake the. burden worse and worse.Liniments and plasters can'tReach the inward cause at all;Help thekidneys use the pillsParis folks have tried and proved.'What they say you can believe.Read this Paris woman's account.See her, ask her, if you doubt.Mrs. J. C. Feltman, South Pleasant street, Paris, says: "A few yearsago I was suffering with kidney complaint. My back was the worstsource of pain and ached dreadfully.I found it difficult to bend or stoop.I had often read about Doan's Kidney Pills and I used a box. Theycured me of the attack. WheneverI have had any return symptoms, Ihave used Doan's Kidney Pills, procured from Oberdorfer's Drug Storean have received the same good results." Price 50c, at all dealers. Don'tsimply ask for a kidney remedyget Doan's Kidney Pills the samethat Mrs. Feltman had. Foster-Mil -burnCo., Props., Buffalo, N. Y.(adv)HAD WUHELM FALLEN.The Kaiser and Field Marshal HindenburgY it is reported, were in a railroad station in Ghent, Belgium, whenEntente airmen bombarded it.If the Kaiser had been killed whatwould the effect on the war havebeen? There is a general belief thatif the life o'f the Emperor of Germany should end, by his being killed-in his boots or by dying in bed, thewar would come to a conclusionupon terms dictated by the Allies.If that should be the eventuationwhat a boon to the world it would beif one of the Entente airmen shouldsucceed in killing the greatest murderer of modern or ancient times. Itmight be worth while tof deploy 100airmen over the vicinity of theKaiser's temporary headquarters,with instructions to do their best toland, a bomb upon the imperial helmet. State Journal.For Rent.NIC ground floor room in residenceon Pleasant street, near Tenth, convenient to L. & N. station and postoffice. Only desirable roomer wantedGas, bath, etc. Call this office.FOR SALESeventy-five barrels ofCall Home Phone 370.old corn.Auto. For Sale.Five-passenger touring car in Alcondition. rHa electric light andelectric starter. Tireaifood as new.-A-bargain1for 4uick sale. Call-Cumberlandphone 232 Fridays and Sundays. - - (1-tf)You Don't Have toStoopt Vr MIf You Use aCabinetRangeA fcwutlful lint. of Qarlandt n 4Utfrly. Cm In antf k thtm vtr.tePalis G$ & Electric Co.GarlandIIESXBislHelI bbbbbhIbbbbbbbbsbbHU.JBBjaBJBBBBBBBBBBB1SOCIAL AND PERSONAL.Comings and Goings of OurPeople Here There andElsewhere.Miss Flora Hill is visiting hersister, Mrs. John K. Smith, in Dayton, Ky.Mr. and Mrs. John T. Hugheswere recent guests of Mrs. H. aThomas, in Winchester.Miss Willie T. Summers has returned from a visit to friends andrelatives in Flemingsburg.Mrs. Wallace Chappell, ofParis, is a guest of her Ulster, Mrs.Alice Payne, in Maysville.Mrs. Wm. O, Hinton attendedthe funeral and burial of her uncle,Mr. William King, in Eminence,Wednesday.Mrs. Charles McCartney has returned from a visit to friends and reatives in Flemingsburg and in Fleming county.Miss Nannie Brent O'Neill leftTuesday for a visit to her brother,Mr. William O'Neill, and Mrs.O'Neill, in Dayton, Ohio.Mrs. George Jacobv has returnedfrom a visit to Mrs. Lida Holliday inWinchester. She was accompniedhome by Mrs. Holliday, who will beher guest for several days.Mr. John Price and Mr. Coleman Renick, of Paris, were guestsMonday evening at an entertainmentgiven in Winchester by Miss EleanorTaylor, in honor of her guest, MissJean Faircloth, of Murfreesboro,Tenn.Mr. andMrs. George Keller, ofParis, were guests of Mr and Mr3.Louis J. Burk, in Georgetown, lastSunday, at a family dining at whichthe following were present: Mr. andMrs. Wm. Fister, Mr. George Burkand daughters, Katherine and MaryElizabeth, Mr. and Mrs. George Keller, Mrs. Charles Schumaker and MissAlberta Cuble, the latter two' fromMaysville.Mr. and Mrs. W. S. Willett entertained on Sunday with a deliciousdinner, consisting of meats, coffee,hot rolls, salads, "vegetables, ices,cakes and cheese. Those presentwere: Mr. Aquilla Willett, Mrs. IdaW. Snyder, Mr. and Mrs. James T.Kiser, Mr. Ernest Kiser, Misses Jennie Lou and Elizabeth Kiser, ofParis; Mr. and Mrs. J. B. Wheat, Mrs.Josie Bagge, Mrs. Will Corbin andMiss Corbin, of Lexington.Mr. and Mrs. Rodney S. Withersentertained with a dinner party attheir home - in Cynthiana, Sunday,having with them Mr. Withers sisters and their families. The guestswere Mr. and Mrs. Baily D. Berryand daughter, Kittle Withers Berry,and their son, Jack Dawson Berry, ofLexington; Mr. and Mrs. Jos. W. Davis, Mr. Withers Davis and daughter, Ann -Jouett- Davis, Jo. Davis, Mrs.Katherine Davis Craig and son, JohnDavis Craig, all of Paris.The annual June Dance will begiven at the Masonic Temple inParis, on the evening of Wednesday,June 20. Music will be furnishedfor the dancers by Smith's Saxophone Quartette, always a favoritewith Central Kentucky society people. The hours will be from 9:00 p.m. to 3:30 a. m. A large crowd isexpected. Among those who will bevisitors here to take part in thedance are Misses Genevieve andAnne Molloy, of Lexington, who willbe with Miss Matilda James; MissMatilda Moore, of Shelbyville, withMiss Catherine Wilson; Miss LenaFarley Bohon, of Versailles, withMiss Louise Steele; Miss. MarthaSharpe, of Winchester, with MissAnna Louise White.(Other Personals' bn'Pagfc 5)SHORT H0R1T BREEDERS TO HOLDFALL SALE.The Kentucky Shorthorn BreedersAssociation met Tuesday, morning inthe Security Trust Company -building,in Lexington, and decided to .hold asale in Lexington this fall. Thedefinite date was not decided upon, acommittee composed of Horace Gay,chairman; Asa H. Jewell?- Oscar M.Johnson and R. T. Judy, being authorized to select the most availabletime between October 20 and November 1. Other details of the sale arealso to be left with the committee.A show of cattle entered in thesale will be held to stimulate theowners to have them in good condition. Entries to the sale will closeSeptember 1. Fifty-one head werepledged at Tuesday'slneeting for thefirst sale. The committee will meetwith the Board of Directors Tuesday.July 31, and report what they havedone towards getting the 3ale started.T. H. Pickerell, Carlisle; JE. P.Woods, Stanford; T. J. Bigstaff, MLSterling; C. F. Troutman, Nicholas-ville; J. W. Simpson, Nicholasville;A. H. Jewell, Lexington; W. S. Early-Lwine, Carlisle C. S Bascom, Jr., Mil-Jlersburg, and J. C. Smith, Campbellsburg, joined the association-sMUST START FROM GROUND UP.Discbarge of 'about seventy-fivecandidates 'for commissions-from tbereserve "officers training camp atFt. -Benj. Harrison, ,was recommendedbecause -their Captains did not believethey sho wedy ia making out cards fordraft registration, proper , spirit forofficers ofitbe United States-Army.Exemptions were claimed on.grounds thatr'tbe men-were- married,were physically disabled ? or- were under miliUry, age. The Captain of onecompany. - told- th. men 'omtAby,.3ne'that,ualthty:wr willing4o.rveas private r,tkty.-wrv mot wamt4 ascommissioned oflktra. v. . JHOOTS AND BARKANCIENT REMEDYOur Grandfathers Used ThemIn Crude Form.GHIEFINGREDIENTS OFTONIGOur grandfathers and great-grandfathersknew the medicinal values ofroots, barks, flowers and berries. Theirmedicinal qualities are the same nowas they were a hundred years ago, butthe scientific process of treating themhus been improved.In former times the herbs were brewed into teas. Today modern laboratories make a vastly superior product.Tanlac is a preparation of roots, barksand berries subjected to a process thatextracts their medicinal virtues in concentrated form. It is especially designed to build up run down people. Ithas helped thousands who were suffering from disordered stomachs, liverand kidneys.Georgo R. Kelly, a mall carrier ofNew Hope, Ky., is one of the thousands in the Blue Grass State who haveendorsed Tanlac. Here is what hohas to say about thisjwonderful tonic;"I had trouble with my stomach andbowels. After eating I had cramps. Ilost my appetite and got so I hated toeat anything. I felt bad all over. Mytongue was coated and I had a badtaste in my mouth."Nothing helped me before I startedtaking Tanlac. I took three bottlesand by that time I could eat anythingwithout having cramps. I am feelingfine now. Tanlac helped me from thestart and I have recommended it tomany of my friends."If you are not feeling right get Tanlac toduju-Tanlac can now be boughtfrom Varden & Son.herdREMARKABLE FUND FORERTY LOAN.UB-At the Grand Council ot the IowaUnited Commercial Travelers, sixteen years ago, P. W. Houck, of Sheldon, Iowa, lost his wallet and hisfriends, as a, practical joke, instructed all the banks not to cash a draftfor him. A fund was raised for thi3purpose, but in the meantime Houckhad succeeded in cashing his draft.Then the "shave fund" was turnedinto the treasury and has been maintained by annual contributions of apenny from each member. It haspassed the $3,000 mark and a fewdays ago the council voted to investthe fund in the Liberty Loan.SOUR STOMACH.This is a mild form dt indigestion.It is usually brought on by eatingtoo rapidly or too much, or of foodnot suited to your digestive organs.If you will eat slowly, masticate yourfood thoroughly, eat but little meatand none at all for supper, you willmore than likely avoid the sourstomach without taking any medtcine'whatever. When you have sourstomach take one of Chamberlain'sTablets to aid digestion.(adv-june)SENSIBLE CHANGES.In addition to improving verygreatly the two'patfers he';recentlybought in Richmond, Mr. Shelton M.Saufley is making other and sensibleChanges. For instance, he says:"We drop "the use of the 'hyphen1ate' Climax-Madisonian to-day andgo back to the old name, 'The Richmond Climax," under which thispaper was so ably conducted for manyyears In the past. Wehope to get akay from the largeblanket-size sheet very soon; and tobe able to work out other Improvements as fast as possible."The shortening of the name is adecided improvement, and the abandonment of the blanket-sheet so longcharacteristic of Richmond paperswill even be more acceptable, nodoubt, to Mr. Saufley's constituents.KENTUCKIAN PROTESTS TAX ONPRESS ADVERTISING.. A protest against the two percent, special advertising tax, tentatively written into the war tax billby the Senate Finance Committee,was made at Washington, Tuesday,by Urey .Woodson, ot Kentucky," representing the Inland Daily Press 'Association-,comprising newspapersprinted in cities of 10000 tq 0,000in ten .central Western States.The committee is reconsidering itsprovision to substitute the-flat advertising tax formate .zone system Increases of second '.claas -mail rates ofthe bill as it passed the House.WHOOPING COUGH.In this disease it Is Important thatthe cough be kept loose and expec-lurauun easy; wmcu chu ucr-uunv ujrgiving.Chamberlain'a Cough Remedy.TKrs. T. HfcUartinjtPefu,Ii?d writes,"My. two dau&tenhfad-milihg'cough : I Iml iheVC!i'2mlrlafii'sC6ugn.Remedy, and' it worked like aMiiiiri'iiiiiiiiiiiriiiri.iiiiiiiiiiiiMniniiiinitSpecial Price Reductions This Week at IWolf, Wile & Co.LEXINGTON, KENTUCKYv.$2.95 ..In Silkand DressDepartmentSpecial at Two Dollars andA complete line of plain and fancy woven and printedkhaki kool, some of them the famous Mallinson makea."Assortment of Fairway and other krinkled weaves, ofsilks in plain and fancy designs. Stripes and figures inthe well known Yosan designs. Silk Jersey Cloth, 72inches wide, in new solid shades. Wool Jersey Cloth,tubularly woven, 54 inches wide, all shades. Bolivia andVelour Coatings in all bright shades, 5T inches wide.Brocaded and printed voiles, chiffons and georgettes -forevening wear.Sfcr All of this assortment were inthe S3.50 to 4.50 classand the selection is not broken, but offers a SDlendidI range of variety.$1.39More Silks at One Dollar ThirtyNine Cents per YardThe sale of these good silks, so moderately priced,has been remarkable, we feel so encouraged that we hareadded some more of $2.00 and $2.50 qualities to thelistMia This is, the proper time for arranging your wardrobefor .the lake, mountain and seashore resorts.Wolf, IWile & Co. ILEXINGTON,4ftHltHHHi-MMMMtMtllllMMllllltmimniiAutomobile Hearse or Ambulance!I desire to announce to our friends that I 'can, wheredesired, furnish an automobile hearse or ambulance. Thismethod of transportation is especially desired on long trips,the same being made in better time, and at no advance fncost over the horse-drawn conveyance.GEO. W- DAVIS. Funeral Director. .A MAN AND HIS WIFELEVY, THE PRY CLEANERCumberland Phone 40 Home Pbon 169 2FREE PAMPHLET ON TUBERCULOSIS PREVENTION.The Secretary of the KentucyBoard of Tuberculosis Commissionersat Frankfort wjll mail to any physician, health officer or consumptivefamily a free copy of a pamphlet onthe home sursof tuberculosis, whichwill be found of great value. Themission of the board is to aid, notsupplant the physician, with whom Itwants to work in helpful accord.Fresh,' pure air is one of the-mostimportant -things in the treatment ofconsumption and -therefore sleepingporches for every home are "highlyrecommended-by authorities- on- the'disease. If not already built with thehouse they can be constructed to anywindow at ft Tery small coat; Writeto the Tuberculosis CoMmlselon, atFrankfort for more minute particulars: - -OneDropurfcn Poultry IUmtlyc TmTWT"r-r tUKcaI &-lewdQDe-.ithe.,. -itaiSStx5SSS .uiurupwuouiwr ciuck..yai-mlBnDqtxn?eo rwM. -- M-Ofc.lnT.a-riGoods !Nlnety - Fivt CtnU per Yard. J?,--sri.?Ti.if,-'ktrn-RI&iKENTUCKYmay both derive sajisf actionby having ther-orn andtoiwogarments cleaned by us Thecost is nornjnal while the .pleS;ure of wearing old clothes that 'have the appearance of new:.f"conjunction with'theknowkdir'"" ithat you are effecting, great-ving, must surely, satisfy you.A phone brings U3.inrnt..RUBY GltgMSS-Furniture PolishV01LDfIMSTDUSTS, CLKA3TS,70USHM!.i; Tour Pun i't "tfT tfePiano, wooawrx..,Automobile, Fimfsfeed Floors. M4a4Jn.v i"?"3atefree from amy: an 1Vsieax, cure mi'gwm.1???M Will, aot ,a.tJirfTJ2Sa:dut, u ltra-ivja"aW hrd: .4rr. 'toMaJUrtos; ;a7rfciJiUr.JT IRafti'VrCaaiaatfithTo miri entire Mliaf c-rtloavr7uraaeaey winsf-v r r s?u --THE T JErCfcL.mi: iav naBHaSaviaHHaYf-Jaaw-t4rilcaaawn&UOCfta.ccBrBMHK'JMHMnflflHESIMI.4(lMttytftt4)mini MtM.ff., i .; iljrlf -'-S-'nH4- T- V-r- VsZ- JTHE BOURBON NEWS, PARIS, KY.rAOpoDRMtlDAY, JUNE U, lflf.-VThe Bourbon NewsEstablished 188136 YearsUnions Publication.of Conttbllshed Every Tuesday and Friday.Pr Year. ..$2.00 Six Months... ?1.00Payable in Advance.SWIFT CHAMP, Editor and Owner.(tiered at the Paris, Kentucky,Pottoffice as Mail Matter of theSecond Class.)PABIS CHAUTAUQUA JULY 2, 3, 4.5, 6 AftD 7.If the signs point right Paris isgoing to have a most successfulChautauqua this summer on theabove dates. It is a little early perhaps to go into details of the Chautauqua plans, and in fact many ofthem are not yet decided upon, but"with announcement of the programand the general interest which is already manifest, but one in which agreat many people will be immensely interested.As to the sale of the season tickets, every live business man in townwill have tickets to sell when the timecomes. Nn one need be troubledabout finding a place to get tickets.But the committee is not going tofool themselves by sitting by andwaiting for persons to come in andbuy tickets. That's all very well intheory, but the way to round themup is to go out and bring them in.So you may depend upon it, someone will call on you within a shorttime. And it would be fine for youto have your mind made up to go bythat time and have the money Veady.WANDERER COMING HOME.After an absence from "the oldhome town" of nearly three year3,during which time he has visitednearly all the principal cities of theMiddle West and the far West, Mr.Sherman Snapp will arrive in Parisabout the last of this month fromCalifornia for a visit to his mother,Mrs. Alice Snapp, and family.Mr. Snapp has been in charge of acrew of demonstrators of Royal Baking Powder from the time he leftParis, nearly three years ago, andthis will be his first visit "backhome" in that time. He has visitedall the towns of Importance alongthe Pacific Coast from Southern California to British Columbia. In theletter advising his mother of his anticipated return Mr. Snapp statedthat he had just returned from a visitto the big shipyards at Vallejo, California, where he had the pleasureof inspecting some of the big shipsunder construction for Uncle Sam'snavy eguipment.NEW VERSION OF "THE SPOILr ERS" AT GRAND.Those who saw the presentation ofRex Beach's famous story of "TheSpoilers," in filmplay at the GrandOpera House some months ago, willno doubt go again on the night ofWednesday, June 20, to see the newrevised version of the story whichwill be presented on that night.This new de luxe edition of thepopular story will be shown intwelve reels, featuring William Farnum, and Kathlyn Williams. Thiswill, furnish the first complete production of the play ever seen in Paris.The one shown here soma time agowas a thriller, but it is said that itdoes not compare to the new version. This picture required 12,000feet of film, 1,000 feet to the reel, tocomplete. There are over four hundred people in the cast, an all-starcompany. Farnum's terrific fight isreproduced In all Its intenseness andthen some.At the Paris Grand Opera House,Wednesday night, June 20. Twelvethrilling reels. Admission, ten andtwenty cents.- U1TEARTHS RARE COIN.An old English coin bearing dateof 1775, was unearthed Tuesday byMr. Wm. W. Dudley, of. the CravenRestaurant, while working in hisgarden on Cypress street. The coinbore the inscription "Georglus RetHI" on one side, together with a hasrelief of George in, the English ruling monarch at that itime. On theother side was tSe inscription,"Brittannla," and a bas relief of anenthroned woman representing thepower of England.CONTRACT AWARDED.The contract for finishing andputting on the. roofing on all the railroad buildings Jn the Louisville &2skville yards at Decoursey.amou&tisg in money value to $4,000,iMtflMMjurardedto. January fe ConjmU, of Parte. , " " . "CHILD FATALLY BUENED.Martha Joe Fightmaster, the eigh-teen-months-olddaughter of Mr. andMrs. Forest Fightmaster, was fatally scalded at their home in NorthMiddletown about eleven o'clockMonday morning, lingering in greatagony until 9:20 o'clock Tusedaymorning, when death relieved hersufferings.The accident happened in thekitcheriof the Fightmaster home,and was particularly distressing. Thechild's mother was using scaldingwater from a teaTlettle to wash thekitchen sink, and in turning, trippedover her little daughter, who wasplaying on the floor. Both fell, andthe scalding water poured over thechild, burining her side and shoulderfearfully. The mother also receivedsevere burns about the knees, handsand feet, but her condition is not serious. Every medical attention waspromptly given the child, but therewas no chance to save her life.The body of the child was tokento the home of Dr. andMrs. JoTinMastin, in Cynthiana, Tuesday night.The funeral was held at the Martinhome yesterday afternoon at fouro'clock, the burial following on thefamily lot in Battle Grove Cemetery.Mrs. Fightmaster before her marriage was Miss Bessie B. Martin, adopted daughter of Dr. and Mrs. Jos. B.Martin, in Cynthiana, Tuesday night,a son of Mr. and Mrs. Jos. Fightmaster, of Cynthiana, and is proprietor of the auto bus line recently established between North Middletownand Lexington.PORCH SWINGS.Get your porch swings and rugsnow. A big stock to select from.(It) A. F. WHEELER & CO.ONECENT ADVERTISING SALE.Don't fail to attend our "Rexall"sale next week. See sale bill.(It) VARDEN & SON, Druggists.'COLORED ORATOR HOLDS AUDIENCE SPELLBOUND.Atlanta; Neal Deering, Siox City,Opera House, Tuesday night satspellbound while they listened in almost breathless silence to the "twohours' address delivered to the graduating class of the Western HighSchool by Roscoe Conkling Simmons,the noted colored orator of Louisville. Summons has gained an almost National reputation by his patriotic speeches of the past few weeks,and it is safe to say that Paris peoplewho heard this address on this occasion would be willing to hear himagain.Two entire sections of the lowerfloors on the right hand side of thehouse had be'en set aside for whitepeople, and every seat was taken,and many more could have been used.Simmons address breathed a fervidpatriotism all through its entiretyand was in every respect a finishedpiece of word-painting such as it Isgiven to few colored men in thisgeneration to produce.The members of the class of 1917who received their degrees Tuesdaynight were Madeline Buckner, valedictorian, Lilian Beatrice Hurley,salutatorian, Mary Lorine Salary,Mabel Corinne Parke, Daisy Hitch,Gussie Belle Stewart, Stanley EdgarBowles, George Francis Jackson andMamie Elizabeth Lampkin. The diplomas were presented by Mr. N.Houston Rion, Secretary of theBoard of Education. .MONEY SAVING PRICES.Pure Cane Sugar, $8.75 per hundred; $2.25 for 25 pounds. Bestflour, ?14.20 per barrel, cash.(It) FARMERS SUPPLY CO.TRULY A FREAK.What is perhaps one of the mostremarkable freaks in the horticultural line can be seen at the homeof Mr. and Mrs. N., A. Moore, onPleasant street. An American Beauty rose bush which last year borelarge American Beauty roses of themost pronounced type, this year hassuddenly bloomed out in the mostperfect pink peonies that even a florist would delight in. Every flower isjis perfectly developed as the rosesme same dusu Dore last season.A few feet away is a ppony bushthat last year bore peonies. Thisseason the bush is almost bare. Theroses have completely disappearedand on the parent stem that borethem there Is, as stated before, acomplete family of th loveliest pinkpeonies. The result of the strangefreak is that the rose bush, whilenot bearing, is still barren, and thepeony bush, while barren,, Is notbearing. "Anyhow," as Mr. Dooleysays, "'tis a strange divil uv amix-up."SEE WHAT ONE CENT WILL BUYAt Varden's Rexall advertising salenext week. Toilet articles, rubbergoods, writing paper, 1,000 poundsof the finest coffee, 500 pounds oftea, for hot or iced-tea. Come andlay in 'a supply, as this will be ourlast sale unless the markets change.(It) - VARDEN & SON, Druggists.HELP.Bourbon county must raise at least$15,000 for the RED CROSS SOCIETY. Uncle Sam says we MUST.Every man, woman and child inBourbon county should help in thismovement. Attend the big massmeeting at the court house Sundayafternoon af 3 o'clock. -"RELIGIOUS.NThe four college presidents,Kevs. Ganfleld, of Danville, Crossfield, of Lexington, Adams, of Georgetown, and Clark, of Winchester, whohad expected to be here next Sunday, "have postponed their visit until a later date.The Endeavor Society of theChristian church will meet at theusual hour Sunday night in thechurch parlors. The subject will be,"What Is Reverence?" Mr. A. L.Burley, leader. The Mission Bandwill meet in the church parlor atthree o'clock Sunday afternoon.The Relief Committee of theChristian church announces that itis in need of some clothing for agirl eleven years old and a boy ofnine. If any one has clothing thattheir children have outgrown, let theRelief Committee know of it, andthey will send for it.The Missionary Society of thePresbyterian church will have a Silver Tea at their regular monthlymeeting at the manse Monday, June18, at 2:30. This is the lat meetingof the year and an attractive program has been prepared. All theladies of the church are most cordially invited to be present.FINEDFOR FAILUREINTO ARMY.TO GETFrank Henry Parker, colored, certainly considers himself an unluckyindividual, with all the evidence tosupport his belief. vParker was placed under arrest bythe Paris police a few days ago onwarrants charging him with vagrancy and committing a breach ofthe peace. When presented in PoliceCourt for hearing on the charges,he was told by Judge January thathe must either go to work or go towar.Parker chose the latter alternativeand in company with Judge January, went to the court house to enlist in the service. After a rigid examination he was turned down on account of some physical disability. Hewas then haled back into court, andtried on the vagrancy charge, beingassessed $5 and costs.Parker pleaded that he wanted achance to-go to work since he couldnot get into the army.. Judge January, recognizing Parker'? willingness to serve his country on the firing line, and his ability to "do hisbit" in another way, secured him aposition with a farmer near Paris.Parker gladly accepted the profferedclemency and with the fine and costssidestepped, departed for the farm.KINGHTS OF PYTHIAS MEMORIAL EXERCISES.Memorial exercises for the deceased members of the Pythian lodges ofthis city will be held in the ParisCemetery on Sunday, June 17, byRathbone Lodge, K. of P. No. 12, andA. J. Lovely Co. No. 13, UniformRank.Lodges from Cynthiana. Mt. Olivet, Berry, Carlisle, Blue Licks andWinchester will be present. Musicwill be furnished by the Mt. OlivetBand. The principal addresses willbe delivered by Rev. Dr. O. R. Mangum and Rev. J. T. Sharrard.The members of the lodges willmeet at .the Pythian Castle Hall, inthe Wilson Building, corner of Mainand Third streets, at 1:30 o'clock,Sunday afternoon, and march to thecemetery at -2:00 o'clock. Thegraves, of the deceased members willbe decorated with Pyth'ian and American flags and flowers. Brig-Gen.McCracken and Pythian staff, ofNewport, will attend.GRASS SEED SEASON NOW ON INCOUNTY.Long rows of mule-drawn grassseed strippers filed out of Paris yesterday morning en route to the bluegrass fields in the county to harvestthe crop. The work gives employment for several weeks to a largenumber of men. -While the crop in this county isshort in quantity, it is said to be ofan excellent quality. The shortagein quantity will mean an Increase inprice, with a corresponding profit tothe producer.v , B-4 FIREInsure withW.O.HINTON &SON,AgtsBARN BURNED BY LIGHTNING.During the wind and electricalstorjn Wednesday night the stock and.tobacco barn of Mrs. Ira Barton, nearMillersburg, was struck by lightningand together with its contents 'destroyed by fire. All the farming im?plements, and one horse, a sow andseveral pigs that were in the barn atthe time, were lost. The loss is partly covered by insurance in the HurstHome Insurance Co., of Millersburg.fire, wind and lightninginsurance.Thomas, Woodford &BryanTEACHERS' EXAMINATION.An examination of white teachersfor county and State certificates willbe held to-day and to-morrow- in thtoffice .of Miss Mabel Bobbins,County Superintendent of Schools, 4ntMe court house: ; ; 'MATRIMONIAL.A marriage license issued fromthe office of County Clerk PearcePaton yesterday to Rev. C. M. Humphrey and Miss Eva C. Durham, bo.thof Nicholas county.HANNA SNAPP.The marriage of Miss Ethel Collins Hanna, of Lexington, and Dr.Elbridge Snapp, of Paris, will becelebrated at the home of the bride inLexington, on next Monday, June 18.SCOTT SHANKS.Mr. and Mrs. Jesse Scott, ofnear Paris announce the engagementof their daughter, Miss Mattie D.Scott, to Mr. Edgar Lee Shanks. Thewedding date has not been publiclyannounced, but is understood to bean event of the coming month.HIGHFIELD BATTERTON.One of x the prettiest weddings ofthe June time was that of Miss MaryVirginia Highfleld, of Lexington, toMr. Roy Batterton, of this county,-which was solemnized in the Centenary Methodist church, in Lexington, at eight o'clock Tuesday evening, the Rev. Thomas B. Roberts officiating. The church was beautifully decorated for the occasion. Miss LouiseDwyer, the church organist, playedthe wedding music. The attendantswere Mr. Robert Adair and Mr.Brooks Woodford, both of Paris;"Misses Lillian Haydon, of Lexington,and Martha Stevenson, of Paris. MissLillian Highfleld, sister of the bride,was maid of honor. The ushers wereMr. Virgil Gaitskill and Mr. Fielding Rogers, of Paris, and Mr. Z. F.Elkin, of Lexington. The bride wasgiven in marriage by her father, Mr.Alvin Highfleld.After the ceremony the youngcouple drove to the home of thebride's parents, and left from therefor a trip of ten days in the East.On their return they will reside onthe groom's farm near Paris.CARNAHAN DAUGHERTY.Announcement has been madehere of the engagement of Miss AnnaCarnaran, of Philadelphia, to Mr.Frank Daugherty, of Philadelphia,formerly of Paris. The wedding isscheduled to take place in Philadelphia on June 30.Mr. Daugherty is a son of Mrs. C.A. Daugherty, of Paris, a brother ofDr. Chas. G. Daugherty, Mr. JamesDaugherty, Mr. Garrard Daughertyand Miss Anna Daugherty, all ofParis, and Mrs. Jesse Hazelrigg, ofWinchester.He is a graduate of the Parisschools, and of the College of Mechanicaland Electrical Engineeringof the University of Kentucky, wherewhere he received his degree fifteenyears ago. After filling severalminor positions in different places aselectrical engineer, he was electedvice-president of the Schofleld Engineering Company, of Cleveland,Ohio. Removing to Philadelphia heassumed charge of a large concernthere, where he is highly esteemedfor his executive ability and keenbusiness qualities.THE NEWS extends congratulations and best wishes in advance ofthe happy event.HOT WEATHER SUITS.Our stock of Palm Beach and CoolCloth Suits is complete. Lots ofdark colors that withstand the dirtand wear $10 and $12.50.J. W. DAVIS & CO.Y; M. C. A. OPEN HOUSE.About three hundred perrons gathered at the Bourbon County Y. M. C.A. building last Monday night in response to invitations .asking them toattend the Y's Open House meeting,held to celebrate the lifting of the$20,000 indebtedness on the institution. The guests spent the evening ingames and other forms of amusement, one feature of which was theexhibition drill by the members ofthe Y. M. C. A. Boys Scouts and theboys' swimming class. Music wasfurnished by the Reynolds Orchestra of Lexington, and refreshmentsconsisting of ice cream, strawberrysauce and individual cakes were served to all copiers. The hours werefrom eight to ten.The Entertainment Committeecomposed of Mrs. Thompson Tarr,Misses Lucy Simms and MaymeSpears, who were in charge-of theprogram, did their work well, and.nothing was left undone to contribute to the enjoyment of all who called. Owing to the fact that theoffice force and mechanical departments of THE NEWS were busy getting out the best paper In Paris wewere unable to be present, but we allknow we missed a great time.LET'S MOVE TO NICHOLAS.Four dollars per day is the pricebeing paid by growers for men. toset out the tobacco crop in Nicholascounty. Growers report that theyare able to get only a few men atthis price. They are having muchdifficulty in getting out the crop, although there is a good season. Estimates are that' the crop will bemuch shorter in acreage here than ayear ago, as much land 'prepared fortobacco has been planted in cornand other f&bd products? y-"LIB-Mr. "Buckner Woodford, Cashier ofthe Bourbon-Agricultural Bank &Trust Co., 'of this city, and Chairmanof the Bourbon County Liberty LoanConimittee, has received -reports fromthe banks of the city and county ofthe amounts subscribed to the Liberty Loan Bonds through their institutions, as follows:Bourbon-Agricultural Bank &Trust Company, Paris, $120,000;Deposit and Peoples' Bank & TrustCompany, Paris, $90,000; First National Bank of Paris, $50,000; Farmers' and Traders' Bank, Paris,$10,000; Deposit Bank of North Middletown, $20,000; Farmerc' Bank ofMillersburg, $20,000; ExchangeBank of Millersburg, $9,500; Farmers' Bank of Clintonville, $5,100.This makes a total for the county of$324,600, the allotment of $300,000 to Bourbon county being oversubscribed just $24,600.An OrdinancePROHIBITING STOCK BEING PERMITTED TO . STRAY OR BEINGDRIVEN WITHOUT SUFFICIENTNUMBER OF HELPERS, 'ANDFIXING PUNISHMENT.City Hall, Paris, Ky., June 14, 1917.Be it ordained by the Mayor andBoard of Council of the City of Paris:- 1. It shall be unlawful for theowner to permit or suffer r.ny stockto stray upon or along, the streets orsidewalks of Paris or to stray fromthe streets or sidewalks of Parisalong or across any pavements orJsidewalks into any adjoining premises, and a violation of this section ofthis ordinance shall subject the ownen upon conviction, to a fine of notless than $2.50 and not more than$10.00 for, each offense..2. The owner or person in chargeof stock being driven along thestreets of Paris shall provide a sufficient number of helpers (not lessthan 3) to prevent such stock frompassing over or along or across anysidewalk into adjoining premises.By "sufficient number of helpers" ismeant such number as, under ordinary circumstances and withthe exercise of ordinary care,could prevent such stock frompassing over or along or acrosssuch sidewalk into adjoining premises. If such owner or person inCharge shall fail to provide a sufficient number of helpers as above defined, and if such stock in consequence thereof shall pass over oralong or across such sidewalk intoadjoining premises the owner orperson in charge shall upon conviction of having failed to furnish asufficient number of helpers as abovedefined, be subject to a fine of notless than $2.50 and not-more than$25.00.J. T. HINTON, Mayor.Attest:J. W. HAYDEN, Clerk.For Rent;Four-room brick cottage on Stoneravenue. Apply to(15-4t) O. T. HINTON.NOTICE!The Commissioners of the Hamilton Fund will meet the beneficiaries in the County Court ioom onTUESDAY, JUNE 19, 1917,at 8: 30 a. m. No new applicants willbe considered, as any beneficiariesadded will be chosen from amongthose on the waiting list. Those wishing to apply again will be receivedat 10 a. m. Each young lady shouldbring her report card -and expenseaccount.MRS. J. J. CONNELL.,MRS. R. B. HUTCHCRAFT,MRS. W. D. McINTYRE(15-2t) Commissioners.ComingAttractionsPARISFRIDAYDorothy Dalton inChicken CaseyPopular Players in"GrafrBa'fr BrideComedy.Mrs. Vernon Castle in"Patria"BOURBON BANXS REPORTERTY LOANS.Hours Alamo, 2 to 5:30; Paris Grand,7to 1 0:30, Admission 5 and 1 0c. 'For Rent.rNicestreet.five-room cottage on HigliAll modern- .conveniences.Apply at(12-3t)THEPAIR STOKE.Building TimbersAuctionAtWe -offer for sale privately a lotof building timbers salvaged fromthe wrecking of .the old Presbyterian church. The timbers can beseen at the parsonage on Duncanavenue, as follows:A lot of 2x6, 2x8 and 2x10.A lot of large timbers suitable forbarns.A lot of window frames.If not sold privately before, theabove will be sold at auction at theparsonage, at 3 o'clock p. m., onSATURDAY, JUNE 16, 1917.TERMS All sums under $20cash; sums in excess of $20 negotiable note for 6 months from date,wTith interest at 6 per cent.For further particulars, apply toTHE BUILDING COMMITTEE.ProtectYour Eyes- FrOIH the heat and dlist Wltfli r i J CL J !! OW hOggleS and jnadesiWe have a complete assortment. Don't triflewith your eyesight. Itis the most valuablegift of nature. For firstclass service, see us--Wt Fit WhereOthers FailFRYE & FRANKLINDOCTORS OF OPTOMETRYDow Bldtv opp. Windsor HotelMflRGOLEN'SSPECIALS THIS WEEKSPECIAL PRICESONFruits andVegetablesHome Killed MeatsAll Meats, Fruits and Vegetables kept, in sanitary refrigerators counters andwindows free from dustand flies.MflRGOLEN'SSanitary Meat MarketGRAND AND ALAMOSATTJEDAYClara Kimball Young in"Without a Soul99world revised feature."Also Blv V comedy "Hazards andHomeruns."Alamo at night will be shownEdith Storey and Antonio Moreno In"The Captain of Grey Horse Troop,"Blue Ribbon feature.MONDAY.Marie Doro in"Lost and Won"Jesse L. Laskey feature. Alsocomedy and educational pictures..!.to -.S:-iNFRIDAY. JUNE 15. 1917.THE BOURBON NEWS PARIS, JKY.esyrvifSOCIAL AND PERSONAL.FOR THE BESTNOTHING ELSESALE OF WASH SKIKTS."We have a complete line of fancyand plain wash skirts.HARRY SIMON.INVEST $10 FOR COMFORT.You can get the greatest comfortimaginable in one of our Palm BeachQuits at this small cost.J. W. DAVIS & CO.COURT APPOINTMENTSIn the County Court, Tuesday, MissJuliette L. LaRue, of Shawhan, wasappointed as administratrix of theestate of Mr. Frank W. EaRue, formerly of this county, who died somedays ago in Texas. Miss Laruequalified for the position by furnishing bond with Mr. James McClure,of the First National Bank, as suretyin the sum of ?2,000.STUDEBAKERS AND OVERLANDSStudebaker and Overland automobiles, $725 and up.(It) FARMERS SUPrLY CO.ALL KINDS OF FRESH FRUITSAND BERRIES. .We have on sale this morningllaspberries, Blackberries, Strawberries, Peaches, Cherries, Gooseberriesand' Green Vegetables of all kinds.Jf you want the freshest and best callus" up, or better still, come to thestore.(lt) C. P. COOK & CO.NATIONAL RED CROSSJUNE 18-25.WEEK.The nation will raise $100,000,000for Red Cross work in the NationalCampaign next week. Kentucky'sobligation is ?500,X)00, and Bourboncounty has been asked to raise $15,000 or more. Let's not be "slackers," but raise our share and more.Attend the big mass meeting Sunday afternoon and take part in theprogram. It will be for the purposeof discussing and making arrangements for Bourbon to do her bit.Our county is the fifth richest in theState and we MUST not fail the callfor help from our President.BIG SALE NEXT WEEK.The finest line of toilet articles,rubber goods, box candies, vanillaand lemon extracts, and a thousandother things to be sold at Varden'sbig Rexall Advertising Sale. See ourwindows get a bill. This sale isput on by the United Drug Co., oneof the" largest firms on earth andthey are giving you the benefit of theadvertising instead of spending it innewspapers and other ways which arenot effective. Ask your neighborabout the bargains they secured atour last advertising sale. BeginningThursday, June 21, and running forfour days. .(It) VARDEN & SON, Druggists.HOME ICE CREAM, MADE OUT OFCREAM.We are prepared to furnish realice cream in any quantity for nomeuse. We will deliver from a quartup, to any part of Paris. Try an order of the real home-made ice creamthe kind mother used to make.(It) GRANT OWSLEY & CO.FORMER PARIS MERCHANT AVISITOR HERE.Among the many merchants whoattended the meeting of the CentralKentucky Merchants' Association inthis city Tuesday was Mr. JosephSalinger, who was a merchant inParis many years ago. Mr. Salingerconducted the Louisville Store in thebuilding now occupied jointly byTHE NEWS and the A. J .WintersCo. Hennoved from here to Georgetown, where he conducted a largebusiness for several years, and isnow located in business in Shelbyville. This was Mr. Salinger's second visit to Paris after leaving here.He was agreeably surprised to findthe old town looking so well, andcomplimented the general appearance of the business houses as beingfar ahead of hundreds of other towns-in Kentucky of larger growth.Comings and Goings of OurTeople Here, There andElsewhere.mr, kiser announces forcouncilman:In this issue of-THE NEWS appears the announcement of Mr. Thos.P. Riser as candidate for the Democratic nomination as Councilmanfrom the First Ward of the city ofParis.Mr. Kiser is a business man of thehighest standing, whose business experience has taught him the value of"standiner four square to every,wind that blows." As a public servant heSrould bring to the help ofhis constituents all the resources ofhis command, and would be trulytheir representative in the CouncilMr. Kiser comes from a family ofDemocrats, whose Democracy is asrmly entrenched as is their otheradmirable traits of character. Butabove all, he is. a representativeAmerican and a man whose personality k uch-as to make him a hostof frieadte: 9'y-" vMiss Hazel Wollstein has as herguest Miss" Dorothy Greenbaum, ofVersailles.Miss Margaret Hill is a guest ofMr. and Mrs. George Rassenfoss andfamily in Mt. Sterling. "Mrs. Brooks Dodson, of Frankfort, is visiting her mother, Mrs. J.V. Lytle, in this city.Miss Katherine Wills, of Harmon street, is visiting Miss EdnaHuffman, in Covington.Ir. J. Suart Wallingford hasgone to Middletown, Ohio, where hehas a position for the summer.Miss Mary Ross left Wednesdayfor Lexington to enter the summerschool at the University of Kentucky.Mrs. Wm. R. Hukill has returned from New Orleans, where she hasbeen a guest of relatives for severalweeks.Miss Elizabeth Cruncher leftfor Cincinnati yesterday to take asix-weeks' course in pipe organ instruction. Mr. and Mrs. Benj. Woodfordwere host and hostess yesterday afternoon to the members of the Country Bridge Club.Prof. C. C. Freeman and Mrs.Freeman have returned to their homein Lexington, after a visit to Mr. andMrs. Wm. O. Hlnton.The men of the Catholic churchentertained Wednesday evening atthe club room on High street, inhonor of the women of the congregation. A large crowd was present,and all had a most enjoyable time.Mr. A. W. McKeand, of Indianapolis, Ind., head of the McKeahdPublicity Service, was an interestedspetator Tuesday at the meeting ofthe Central Kentucky Retail Merchants' Association i.v this city.Mr. and Mrs. Harry Stivers, whohave been visiting relatives in Lexington, Georgetown and Paris, returned Tuesday night to their homein Chattanooga, Tenn. Mr. Stiversis a son of Mr. and Mrs. ShermanStivers, formerly of Paris.Mrs. James J. Haggard has returned to her home near Winchester,after a visit to her daughter, Mrs.Harry Collins, in this city. Mrs.Collins is convalescing at her homeafter an operation for appendicitisperformed at the Massie MemorialHospital, some weeks ago.Mr. George A. Lewis, of Frankfort, former Parisian, well and favorablyknown in the newspaper gamein the-State, was a visitor in "Paris,Wednesday, having remained overfrom the meeting of the Central Kentucky Retail Merchants' Association to renew old acquaintances.Mrs. Earl Smith and son, EarlSmith, Jr., have returned to theirhome in Shelby county after a visitto her parents, Mr. and Mrs. H. B.Arnold, in this city. They were accompanied by Mrs. Smith's sister,Miss Henrietta Arnold, who will bea guest of Mr. and Mrs. Smith foxseveral weeks.Miss Gertrude Slicer, who hasbeen attending college at BattleCreek, Mich., has returned to spendthe summer vacation with her parents, Mr. and Mrs. A. L. Slicer, inthis city. Miss Slicer was accompanied by her schoolmate, Miss Marianne Barnes, of Connecticut, whowill be her -guest until the reopening of their school term in thefall.Misses Mary Ross and MargaretArdery, of Paris were guests ofhonor Saturday at an afternoonbridge party given in Richmond byMrs. Neal Bennett, at her home onWest-Main street. The guests ofhonor were awarded the guestsprizes, a pair of -silk hose and a deckof cards; Misses Ross and Arderywere also guests that same day at -aluncheon given in their honor byMrs. Ballard Luxon. 'Lieut. Marcus Winn Lisle, sonof Mr. and Mrs. D. C. Lisle, of thiscounty, who has been here on a furlough, left Monday to rejoin his regiment, the Sixteenth U. S. Cavalry, incamp at Llano Grande, Texas. Lieut.Lisle is a graduate of the Paris HighSchool, and a recent graudate of theU. S. Military Academy at WestPoint., where he recived high honors,and an appointment in the servicewith the rank of Lieutenant.At the home of her grandfather,Mr. Thomas J. Redmon, on the LittleRock pike, near this city, Tuesdayevening, Miss Elizabeth Tarr, daughter of Mr. and Mrs. J. Bennett Tarr,of Paris, was the charming hostess ata dinner party given to the following guests in honor of Miss Lola Lilly, a student -at Hamilton College,Lexington, who is a guest of MissChaflina Ball; Misses Lola Lilly,Charllna Ball, Patsy Clarke, Margaret Allen and Hattie Hill O'Neill;-Messrs. Joseph Jonest. Raymer Jones,-Among thoso from a distancewho attended the funeral and burialof Mr. Jack Woods here yesterdaywere Mr. and Mrs. George Rassenfoss, Mrs. Katherine Lyons, Mrs.Allie Henderson, Mr. and Mrs. W. P.Cannon and Mr. Thomas Cannon, allof Mt. Sterling; Mr. and Mrs. JamesCannon, of Georgetown; Mr. and Mrs.P. A. Lanegan, Mrs. Mary Fitzgerald, Mr. John Shinners, Mr. JohnCain, Jr., and Miss Annie Cannon,of CoVington; Mr. Terrence Mackey,of Columbus, Ohio; Mr. C. A. Hendrix, of Cecelia; Mrs. Blanton Holt,.of Lexington; Mr. Mike Young anafamily, Mr. -. James Mickey and Mr.Thof. Madison' of Maysville; Mr.J&me$. Hrrihgton and family, ofCvnthianai Mr. Edward vRaasenfoss.I - '--..;of Cincinnati, and Mr. and Mrs. Richard Miller, of Danville.Mrs. Annie Price, of Cincinnati,is the guest of Mrs. E. C. Kiely andfamily.Mr. Clifton Browne, of Detroit.Mich., is a guest of his sister, Mrs.H. J. Grosche.Mrs. Russell Dyche and son, ofLondon, Ky., are guests of Mrs.Dyche's brother, Walter and Ernesti Martin, in this city.Mr. Terrence Mackey. of Clumbus, Ohio, formerly of Paris, washere several days this week renewing acquaintances made in the longago.Mr. and Mrs. John T. Collinshave returned from Ft. BenjaminHarrison, near Indianapolis, Indiana,where they visited their son,- Mr.Wm. Collins, who is a member of theOfficers' Reserve Corps at that training camp.Mrs. E. K. Thomas, of nearNorth Middletown, left Teusday fora prolonged stay at Hot Springs,Ark., where she will be treated forrheumatism. Mrs. Thomas was accompanied by her son, Hon. ClaudeM. Thomas.Misses Anna Louise White andMary Kenney Webber, of Paris, withtheir guests, Misses Martha Tharpj.Bernice Moore and Lucrotia Little,of Mt. Sterling, and Juliet Risque,of Midway, attended the dance givenat Elks Hall in Winchester, Tuesday evening.The meeting of the Girls' HonorGuard will be held in the CountyCourt room in the court house this(Friday) morning, at ten o'clock. Itis earnestly desired that there be afull attendance, as many matter ofimportance with regard to the newlyformed organization will be broughtup for consideration and discussion.About eighty-five guests werepresent at a bridge party given recently by Mrs. Robert Metcer at herhome "Fairview," near Hutchison.The hostess was assisted in entertaining by Mrs. E. T. Claybrook andMrs. Gertrude Smoot. The home wasbeautifully decorated with white andpink peonies. Refreshments of individual ices, cakes and mints wereserved.(Other Personals on Page 3.)THE NEW ICEBERG.-Get the'New Iceberg Refrigerator.It will save ice for you.(It) A. F. WHEELER & CO.FOR COUNCILMAN.We are anthorized to announceTHOS. J. KISER as a candidate forthe Democratic nomination for Councilman from the First Ward of thecity of Paris, subject to the actionof the voters in the State primaryelection, Saturday, August 4, 1917.THE FAIRWeek End SaleLady Helen Chocolates, Friday and Saturday only, at 44cfor 1-lb. boxes regular 60cgoods.THE FAIRand a dozen B nE-Ufon our easy pay- ml 12you'll be able to K j y Wto the best zriu- ILrtMlM1 sic in the world. MIWE21I Victrolat. $15 ta $400 lZfn II'WPRANK & COMPANYTHE RELIABLE STORE'''Now- Showing ,New est Summer StylesinyWash Skirts and WaistsWash Smocks and MiddiesLawn and Gingham Dresses r ? ;MEXTRA SPECIALLadies9 Wool SuitsIN ALL LIGHT SHADES$10and $152 ,Black and Blue Serge Suits Are Offeredat Big Price Reductions.Half Price SaleOf All Silk Suits145.00 Suits $22; SO$35.00 Suits 17.50$30.00 Suits.. . 15.00$25,00 Suits 13.50yPICTORIAL REVIEW PATTERNSi.i'' 'h.'rePRANK & COMPANYKaltexVPorch Furniture!You Wish YOUR PORCH to Look the BEST. KALTEXFURNITURE Will Accomplish This For You.We have at last received this line of Ghairs and .Swings in the beautifulBaronial Brown. Every piece is practically 'indestructible,' as every one is built onwire and the joints reinforced with steel braces. .We show you one pattern here;but have many in stock to show you.Porch and Lawn Swings, RefrigeratorsDaugliertyBros.jjfc f HWTM UM ,., , i ' ' ' fVudor Porch Shades are the Best!THEJ.TJMNTONCO.MOTOR HEARSEMOTOR INVALID COACHUNDERTAKING"EITMERPMONf" 36SIXTH, AND MAIN STS.&'r- 44;AHif.yI,o , -- , "Ni,IZJMwf THE BOURBON NBWSi PARIS,KY.-1TOI&AY, JTJNB 1$, I$i7IfcwIne rldK. omile -PIStillthe smile of tire satisfaction. 00i$0M0UThis man has found a manu- J70f' C.Smf acturer he likes to do business jjjpfets:J-with, who rulhlls all his ideas SBSpiilfll!of what a concern should be JjjjijilfThe company that makes BJmW JmmmM0mi4w9 W ik&xstands back" of every Fisk ll" jggf5--dealer to see that every user Spit 'W4-gets his full money's worth in ' tfBs???- -tr'mileage and tire satisfaction. - Npeglp:'BlUjS'fr IRA parks &-S0N . I3Sy i i - - W, :-- - IHr . f C D A 1 1 pint r IBfcr3 ?- CWNb J BALL-PARAGE 1INCKEDITABLE ITALY.(From New York Times)If the Austrians should check theItalian advance to-day, it would stillremain the most remarkable of theyear an assault that lasted for sixteen days with all its original fury.The French and British have beenfighting for little hills, for "risingground;" the Italians have been scaling mountains. The French and British have been going forward, but theItalians have been going'iipward; theFrench and British fighting horizontally, the Italians perpendicularly.Now'tHey are on a plateau and can goforward, but what a plateau! It is of,volcanic creation, and it consists ofcraters, rocks and caves; it is like thepictures of the dead moon. It is bareand blasted and waterless; never wa5a battlefield in such a petrified spasmof nature. Because there is no water the Italians build an aqueduct, bit-by bit, as they go along. This landof caves and hiding places and desolate rocks has been fortified by theAustrians and complicated with barbed wire and chevaux de frise untilmature and art have made it seemingly impassable by man.But to theltalians these incredibleobstacles came as a relief, a modification of their task to the comparatively easy. For two years they havemad to fight their way up into theair. Thehave had to ascend thesteey: faces rof high mountains whichordinary; men dp not ascend in timeof yeaceand these mountains havebeem infinitely fortified and garrisoned by a powerful enemy. Theother armies opposed to Germanykareliad' to' attaclf soldiers, the Italians have had to attack peaks.Peak by peak they took them. Theyaare taken heavy guns" aiftt "supply"trains up mountains hitherto ascended only the Alpine climbers -wgcrroped themselves together Theybare swung bridges from one mountain peak to another. They have-built trenches, fortifications, Toads;tunnels, retaining walls, 10,000 feetabove the sea level; all this in theface of an enemy flghtingjiesperatelyon the defensive. "SOY BEANS TOE SEED SOUTH OFOBQEO RIVER.1Try a Package ofDarling'sMeatCrispsForYour Little ChickensIt islJustHhe Thing.For Sale byWI&D0DS0NTht Hamt af G4 CaalWASHINGTON, D. C, June 14.The Southern planter still has ample time to plant soy beans for aseed crop, and it therefore offershim at the present time one of thebest cash grain crops to supplementcotton.South of the Potomac and OhioRivers excellent results may be obtained by planting after winter grainand early potatoes are removed, according to the United States Department of Agriculture. In such instances the land need only be thoroughly disked to secure a suitableseed bed. Late varieties as theMammoth may be planted as late asJune 15 to 20 and mature good yieldsof seed. Early varieties, uch as ItoSan, Afedium Yellow, Mikado andMongol, may be planted in the Cotton Belt as late as July 15 and stillmature the crop of seed.The yellow-seeded varieties arepreferred, especially by food manufacturers. The Mammoth Yellow isespecially adapted to the SouthernStates for seed production. Considerable quantities of seed of this variety are still available for planting.The soy bean already has reacheda place of high economic importancein America and Europe as a foodstuff.The seed of the soy bean, unlike thatof the cowpea, rarely is attacked bythe weevil or other grain insects.Even where the oil is extracted theresultant meal isr a very desirablefood.. During the present season thpdemand for seed by food manufacturers has resulted in greatly increased prices. In view of the largedemand, production In excessot requirements' is very improbab.16 andthis season's crop undoubtedly willcommand profitable, pjriceSjThe soybeairalscr Is a. surinrbverjjndrthestraw "Is valuable-for feeding pufposes?"KENTUCKIAN NAMED AS REARADMIRAL.The Senate has confirmed the nomination of Capt. Hugh Rodman, U.S. N to be a Rear Admiral of thenavy. Capt. Rodman is a Kentuckian, where his family has been prominent for many years. He is a sonof Dr. H. D. Rodman.Capt. Rodman has been commanderof the United States battleship NewYork.He was born In Kentucky on June6, 1859, and was .appointed to Annapolis from Kentucky on September18, 1875. He has seen twenty-eightyears' sea service in the navy andhas held his rank of Captain sinceMarch 4, 1911.MASONS TO CELEBRATE BI-CEN-TENNIAL.!,- ri - "NEVERT NEGE A'COED .A chill after bathing", cooling offsuddenly after exercise ojrd drafts,give the cold germs a foot-hold thatmay lead to something -worse. Safetyrequires early treatment. Keep Dr.King's New Discovery on hand.This pleasant balsam remedy allaysinflamation, soothes the cough andrepairs the tissues. Better be safethan sorry. Break up the cold withDr. King's New Discovery before It istoo late. At your druggist, 50c,$1.00.OPEN TO ALL:a. aunaay scnooi teacner in aiNorth side church was laboring -witha class of urchins to impress uponthem that the church is the home ofall classes who care to come. Aftertalking some time on this subject,she said:"Now, children, do you know thehouse that Is open to all to thepoor, the rich, the sad, the happy, tomen and women, to young and olddo jrou know the house rmean"One lfttle boy, who "had beenrinterested In about everything but thelesson, caughtthe question and immediately answered ? "Yes, miss thestation house." Columbus (O.) Dispatch.The Kaiser's address to the soldierson the Aisne battlefront soundedmore' like a wail of dispalr than apean of victory.-" A IrayiMttHaryay Mmwith yal-low Is imsMMely fttchlag.GO,TERNlalTxtCROP, REPORT.WASHINGTON, D. C, June 14,1917. A summary of the June cropTeport for the State of Kentucky andfor the United States, as compiled bythe Bureau of Crop Estimates, andtransmitted through the Weather Bureau, U. S. Department of Agriculture, is as follows:ALL WHEAT-State June 1 forecast, 7,330,000bushels; production last year, finalestimate, 8,010,000 bushels.United States June 1 forecast,656,000,000 bushels; production lastyear, final estimate, 639,886,000bushels.OATS.State June 1 forecast, 5,570,000bushels; production last year, finalestimate, 6,300,000 bushels.United States June 1 forecast, 1,30,000,000 bushels; production lastyear, final estimate 1,251,992,000bushels.ALL HAY.State June 1 forecast, 1,010,000tons; production last year, final estimate, 1,421,000 tons.United States June 1 forecast,102,000,000 tons; production lastyear, final estimate, 109,786,000.-PASTUREState June 1 condition 72, compared with the ten-year average of89.5. rAPPLES, (Agricultural Crop)State June 1 forecast ?barrels of 3 bushels; production lastyear, final estimate, 67,415,000 barrels. United States June 1 forecast,? barrels of 3 bushels; production last year, final estimate, 67,415 barrels.PEACHES.State June 1 forecast, 1,101,000bushels; production last year, finalestimate, 880,000 bushels.United States June 1 forecast,45,400,000 bushels; production lastyear, final estimate, 36,939,000bushels.PRICESThe first price given below is th9average on June 1 this year, and thesecond the average on June 1 lastyear.State--Wheat," 270 and 113 centsper bushel. Corn, 171 and 82. Oats,85 and 59. Potatoes, 296 and 92.Hay, $18.20 and $14.20 per ton.Eggs, 29 and 17 cents per dozen.United States Wheat, 248.5 and100.0 cents per bushel. Corn, 160.1'and 74.1 cents. Oats, 69.9 and 42.1cents. Potatoes, 274.0 and ' 98.8cents. Hay, $15.25 ,and $12.46 perton. Cotton, 20.2 antf 12.2 centsper pound. Eggs, 81.1 and 19.0cents per dozen.jPOPULAH.EXCUKSION)-...-:,arr-;.T;ittry ; JHIGH BRIDGE, KY.SUNDAY, JUNE 17, 1917Round Trip 50c from LexingtonVIASouthern Railway SystemSpecial Train Leaves Lexington at lltl5 A. 31.Tieketa alae eeeyted em Traim No. 5 at 9t40 A. M.fUtrBias Lre Hl Bridie 5tOO P. M. or oa Trala No. 6 at 2i01 P. M., For Further Particular) Consult ;afr 3HffSTCity Ticket Office, 118 Eaat Maim Street. Telepkaae 40II. C. KING, Diviaiom Paaaeaser Afeat, Lexiafttea, Ky.3EMlllllllllllllUHHimillltllHIIlllllHlfliiiKSPECIAL!!tCHOLEHAMORETJS.Extensive preparations are beingmade by the Masons of Kentucky forthe celebration of the bi-centennial oforganized Masonry in this State, tobe held at Crab Orchard Springs onJune 23, and not only every Masoniclodge in Kentucky will be represented, but live thousand additional visitors are expected to attend.The Grand Lodge of Kentucky, byresolution passed at the last session,authorized the celebration of thisevent, and the committee appointedto carry out this resolution announces that it has completed all arrangements. A feature of the program will be abarbecue, at which from 5,000 o 8,OfrO people will "be-fed: Prominentspeakers, from Kentucky and else-where will entertain the crowds! Themusic fprjhe occasion wilf, be f ur-maueu uy a uanu 01 uny pieces ironiLouisville and the Shriners' band ofCincinnati, consisting of thirty-five 4.- ' - -y mm t mm. Irieces. xne anair wm.concmae wun& ball inthe Spring hotel, the grandmarch beTng led by the Grand Master of Kentucky, Hon. James N.Saumfers.The celebration and barbecue arefree to all Masons, their families and,their friends. Both the Masoniclodges of. Lexington have been appointed special committees to arrangefor the trip and they hope to attendin a 'body, more than one hundredstrong. Quite a number of personsfrom here will also make the trip inautomobiles.State of Ohio, City of Toledo.Lucas County, ss.Frank J. Cheney makes oath thathe is senior partner of the firm of P.J. -Cheney & Co., doing business inthe'city'of Toledo, County and StateaforesaidT and that said firm willpay -the 'sum of ONE HUNDRED(lOLLAltSJfpr each and every case ofCatarrlrthat: cannot be cured by theiiseror:HALIS CATARRH MEDICINE. FRANK J. CHENEY.Sworn to before me and subscribedin my presence, thtt 6th day of December, A. D., 1886.- A. "W. GLEASON,(Seal) f , Notary Public. 4Hall's Catarrh Medicine .is takeninternally anacts through the bloodon tht Mucous Surfaces of the system Send for testimonials, free.F. J. CHENEY & CO., Toledo, O.Sold by all druggists, 75c.Hall's Family Pills for conatipiUtion., (adr-Junt)USentenced to thirty days, a mantramped thirty-four days throughAlasfaa wiWsotht mnirtil anagtrt hlnstlf up ;,This is a very painful and dangerous disease. In almost everyneighborhood someone has died fromit before medicine could be obtainedor a physician summoned. The rightway is to have a bottle of Chamberlain's Colic and Diarrhoea Remed7in the house so as to be preparedfor it. Mrs. Charles Enyeart, Huntington, Ind., writes: "During thesummer of 1911 two of my childrenwere taken sick with cholera morbus. I used Chamberllan's Colic andDiarrhoea Remedy and it gave themimmediate relief."(adv-june)UNCONTROLABLE FORCES.Newspaper readers are againshocked by stories of the tornado'sdestructive presence. Along the trailof the twister lives have been blottedout, men, women and children maimed and crippled, and millions of dollars' worth of property destroyed. Itis a sorrowful record .of a-.terriblemanifestation of . the majeejty andpower or nature's rorces. aoiarxen-.ergy sets in motion elements beyondman's control and An Awful demonstration of stupendous grandeurfollows. Man understands the mechanism of the movement, but stands helpless before it. It is the working outof the transition from winter tosummer through laws as immutableand certain in their operation as anyknown. There is a lesson in it forthose who hope for te coming ofbetter things for man. Nature clearsher way through restraints bymighty convulsions or upheavals andso man must work out his destinyagainst odds by overcoming opposition. Peace only is to be obtainedby a successful struggle against thatwhich would check the forwardmovement to the ultimate goal andwhatever is worth having is worthstriving for, Omaha Bee.Ladies' Black Kid, WhiteKid TopBrown Kid, WhiteKid TopLadies'WashableWashable$55Regular $8.00 Valuesr4vbothWe have about 30 pairs ofwhich we are closing out. Comewhile we have your size.HARRY LINVILLETV) r'm unit mi mint in tmiiftiiin mih iiiiM humsSIDAN'S IINIMEHTFOR RHEOMATISM.The pain goes so quickly after youapply Sloan's Liniment for rheumatic pains, neuralgia, toothache,lumbago, sprains; and it Jr. so .easy touse. It quickly penetrates andsoothes withoutrubbirig and is farcleaner and more effective thanmussy plasters-or ointments.Keep a bottle in the house and getprompt relief, not only from allnerve-pains, but from bruises,strains, sprains, over-exercise amd allexternal aches. At your druggist,25c, 50c, fl.00.(adv-june)He is a mean mT who will let awoman marry him for hisnmoney andthen show her that he hasn't a dollarto his name. -Typhoid fever.., -costV-i'Kt'iHara-iiSaaVrtkTrTi.,, -the , mationftIThese are the Days ofSavings in Women's ApparelLet Us Prove ItLadies' Silk Drtssts at a Reduced Prlct.Come in and let us show you some real values for your, money and you will be morethan pleased.Wt Have a Lart t Number f Ladiec'rtfimr Hatt That Wt art' CItiinf Out at$1.49.?iiyaA9w4or you have a better 'chance toick the one you like.Pitwin Bro$. Department store$wtb and main $. pirli, fyNNckfSPECIALSFOR A FEW. DAYS !We Are Offering Real Bargains InMEN'S SUITSSee the -values, which are on displayin our windows.tmnn tiocn tnrnn ;trvW) yamvv9 yiVtWVYou'll save from $2.50 to $5.00-Be Sure and Buy Some , of; the ShirtsWe Are Selling Torww VCHlSThey are f5tf Values.Hi,;KTWINmv IClitkiM tiHSl mWtJLlmmlmmmmmmm0MmmmW MIL Vt7tVhflOStkcl? .aoljmimymJi1111sii -':zrlJi"m,V.- s-- -..-sHf.r vrjr-6, vy ""V'--"Vf" .-v- ;5r,- '"-- ,- ',!A- -T- "' - -j -v-s-M -t. JFRIDAY, JUNE IS. 1117,'jSlBrBOXJRBONPARIS, JCT. vFACai-t---SHFVMoney inyour pocketswithDiamondOne Diamond Tiresaves money for you inits first cost you keepthe saving in yourpocket right then. .In its life of service itkeeps on saving for you.Multiply that savingby four. Use Diamonden all four wheels ofyour car.Depend on DiamondSqueegee Treads black .tread, red sides the rubberthat is lithe as a lariat andtougher than steel.TeT Diaiaoad Tire zzxvsl dc'lvcrr -' r- -. vt , .IT la-onu Tb-c f i2a, a cheerful, -w'lline Ijlackcdjastaieat vrill be promptly made. TreadJERSEY CLOTHESSTILL HOLD SWAY-- -SILK AND WOOL JERSEY AREUSED IN COMBINATION.COOL SUMMER 'VOILES APPEARIN NUMBERS.-Red SidesmondSqueegeeTreadS. BALL GARAGECor. 4th & Pleasant Sts., Paris, Ky.rest.-EVENING THE SCORE.The terrific onslaught of the Alliesrm the German positions in Belgiumis an evening of scores altogether joyius to the people of the allied counttries who saw with dismay in 1914the advance of an enemy greatly superior In numbers and arms and witnessed the newly developed scienceA shelling trenches by the directionof airships and with the modern largecaliber howitzer. The Allies havemarshalled since 1914 forces, almostten times as strong numerically asthe armies they were able to put intr the field in the early months ofthe war. They have acquired equipment undreamed of in their days ofpeace and they now are at the throatsProfessional Cards.DR. WM. KENNEYEye, Ear, Nose and ThroatROOMS 403-404.FIRST NAT'L BANK BUILDING.PHONE 15t.WM. GRANNANAttorney-at-LiwROOMS 401-402.FIRST NAT'L BANK BUILDINGof the Germans with the sort of superiority of men and arms and ammunition that make the German advance terrible.The Kaiser was forced -long ago todig in. Since last February he hasbeen pounded pretty steadily by thesort of guns his military programnecessitated in the armaments of theAllies. It looks as if the Allies aregoing to shell him out of his hole before the summer is over, as far "asthe western battlefront is concerned.Strength to their men. TJie soonerthe war is ended the better, but ifit is not ended soon America willbe in at the end of it! State Journal.CROUP, WHOOPINGCOUGH RELIEVED.NEW YORK, May 14, 1917.All through the spring, one of thematerials that has kept steadily increasing in popularity is wool jersey.It has been used for coats and suits,for one-piece dresses, separate skirtsand for middy blouses. It has beenbraided, stitched, and even beaded,just like all the other smart materials. Colored beads combined withsilk embroidery is the latest form ofdecoration to which jersey has taken,As summer approaches, there isnot the slightest indication that wooljersey is on the wane. But, on thecontrary, one seems to see more andmore of it every day. On a dressthat could not possibly be too warmfor summer, is was combined withdotted crepe in the following man--v. ..W' vm (w: m iA p- If -nJ--Qif U-iChildren's diseases demand preparedness. When the child wakesyou at night gasping and stranglingfor breath, how thankful you are tohave Dr. Bell's Pine-Tar-Honey athand. This effective remedy loosensthe mucous and permits free and natural breathing. Its soothing balsamsheal the irritated membrane and arrests further inflamation. Pleasantto take. Keep Dr.-Bell's Pine-Tar-Honeyin the house for all colds andbronchial troubles. At your druggist, 25c.(adv-june)silk rjusjed -for the sleeve,' side andback of the coat, and. the. wool forbands down the front, as welKas fortne skirt.Cool Summer VoilesCool and refreshing summervioles in dainty flowered effects arecnarming for the informal cottonfrocks, of which every woman requires several for the distressinglynot days. Now is the time to getthem made. The styles are generally simple. Pleated, tucked orgathered skirts combine with thesimplest of waists having a little fulness at the shoulders with an attractive collar edged with lace or machine picot edging.Soft pleats finished off with a heading at the top of the skirt are unusually pretty, as shown in the sketch.The puffed pockets are a charmingnovelty especially suited to this typeof summer frock. A long collar ofwhite organdy provides the finishingtouch in this dainty hot-weatherfrock.It is the collar that makes theblouse in a great many cases. Largecape-like collars falling in pointsover the shoulders and continuingdown the front of the waist are nowbeing worn. A blouse with one ofthese new collars is illustrated. It isfashioned of white organdy, which isbeing used a great deal for blouses.The skirt that accompanies thisblouse is of one of the smart woolplaids. It has pocket sections at thesides, giving a grateful draped effect. Plaids are lovely for sports skirtsand for other kinds of skirts, too.They are worn with short coats of aplain material and "with slip-onblouses for sports use.The New Mannish ShirtwaistMannish shirtwaists are growingin favor. Some models of linen aremade with finely tucked fronts, likethose of a man's shirt. In additionto these tucks, there are little spraysembroidered in colors on some of thewaists and turnover collars of pique.. - klJEHI'M 'I'M M f 4AllilMAltl 1 1 11 11 1 METUBHow Does HeStand at the Bank?That question often is asked,is it not? If a man stands wellhis words carry weight. He isa factor in the community.Everybody will stand well atthe bank if he or she depositssurplus cash. '' We are opening new accounts daily.Our system of loans and Jin- ,terest is liberal and simple.We invite a call. . , . ?Farmers' & Traders' , Bank) 9, P, XISKR, Preeldent W W. -MITCHELL Caihter.i WM. GRLMBS. Bookkeeper. ;Invitingly Cool is a Flowered VioleProck With Soft Pleats andPuffed Pockets.ner; pink crepe with white polkadots made the waist and sleeves; thewaist extended down to the hip line,and from there downward the skirtwas of white wool jersey. There wasa small yoke of the white jersey atthe neck of the dress. This is oneof the novel ways in which this popular material is used.White jersey suits bound withwhite silk frraid or trimmed withblack and white are in very goodstyle as present. They lookcjol andsummery.All shades of gold and mustard arehigh in favor and especially so inthe jersey cloths. Lavender and purple in jersey cloth are also among thepopular colors of the hour.Gold silk jersey has been combinedmost successfully with gray wool jersey in some suits and dresses, andwith dark tan wool jersey in others.This combination of silk and wooljersey is frequently used by the bestdressmakers. In some loose-fittingsuits, with knee-length , coats, ther .iin,r.-rfvv?j4mMmMcCall Ta'tcrns WaistNo. T7"S, Skirt No. 7767.Slany o t h c r new designsfor JuneDRESSESdecidedly the vogue for Summer, have a prominent place iiMcCallDesignsFor JuneThe simplicity ofMcCall Patternsfor these smartlittle Summerfrocks appeals toThe HomeDressmakerThe McCall Cutting and Construction Guide,furnished FREEwith each pattern, insures aperJLect- fit tinggarment.McCALL PATTERNS FOR JUNENOW ON SALE-5 1M Jim. -iBSi f "illllltX ::rrT Mrrf -ii0 f ::KcCall ratterti o. 7737.Many other- attractivedesigns for JuneTiLLraMEW!.. -!:! tJ"rvi7rs 7Di;&uinjWmi-m-WmHARRY SIMONl! 4H II H-H-1 M-tHl-i-l-'I'-!' l-l"l'H''l"i"l' I' 1 1 !! I-1-1 M 1 1 1 1 -CLIMBED STAIRSON HER HANDSToo ID to Walk Upright. OperationAdvised. Saved by Lydia E.Pinkhams Vegetable Compound.r-Jt-' ,- ,r.S&tb and Mam Streti Paris, KyThis woman now raises chickens anddoes manual labor. Read her story:Richmond, Ind. "For two years Iwas so sick and weak with troublesfrom my age thatwhen going upstairs. I had to govery slowly withmy hands on thesteps, then sit downat the top to rest.The doctor said hethought I shouldhave an operation,and my friendsthought I would notlive to move intoour new house. Mydaughter asked meto try-Lydia E. Pinkham's VegetableCompound as she had taken it with goodresults. I did so, my weakness disappeared, I gained in strength, movedJnto our new home, did all kinds ofgarden work, shoveled dirt, did building and cement work, and raised hundreds of chickens and ducks. I cannot say enough in praise of Lydia E.Pinkham'a Vegetable Compound andif these facts are uef al you may Pblieh them for 'the benefit' ot.otkirjroneo. "Mrs. M. O. JxwMSTON ,RotflDioxWriUclgaeod.JtedL ' " .A White Organdy Waist is SmartWith a Tlaid SkirtAs separate waists and skirtsgrow more and more important thereare always some novelties to befound among them. White tub skirtsof cotton gabardine are made withyokes of colored linen, and where theskirt is attached to the yoke thereare several rows of machine stitching done in heavy colored cotton thecolor of the yoke. White skirts withgreen, -blue or orange-colored yokesare quite effective.A strong military note is observed in suits of mannish cut for women. The coats are short and plentifully provided with pockets like thoseon a soicners unirorm. -rnese suiisare developed in dark blue, andkhaki-colored materials. Perhaps themilitary spirit is also responsible forthe combination of blue and red sofrequently seen. Blue dresses areembroidered with red beads or redsilk, and in some very striking models there are entire sleeves of redwith, perhaps, pockets on the skirtshowing a bright lining of red. Hatsalso show the red and blue combination, generally in touches of redon bl'.ie straw.ITTHE EVILS OF CONSTIPATION.Constipation is one of the mainreasons why the average human lifeIs below 40 years. Leaving wastematerial in the body, poisons the system and blood and makes us liable tosick headaches, biliousness, nervousness and muddy skin. When younote these symptoms, try Dr. King'sNew Life Pills. They give promptrelief, are mild, non-griping in action, add tone to your system andclear the complexion. At your druggist, 25c.(adv-june)Bourbon Building &Loan AssociationFIRST NAT'L BANK BUILDING,INrkaiC pF-BANK '-)'OPPORTUNITY!Mr. R. F. Clendenin, Associate General Agent forthe K(ill.stem Mutual Life Insurance Company, inone day recently, sold $100,OCO worth oi! life insuranceover local and leng distance lines of the Home TelephoneCompanv and because of such an amount of businessaccum ulated in one day, he divides the honors with usfor the efficient telephone service rendered. This is asplendid record for both Telephone and Insurance Companies. Mr. Clendenin says; "The service I get from yourCompany is all that I could ask, and on the closing "dayof .my campaign I used it with wonderful success."Such an opportunity in facilitating business shouldbe grasped by the public in general in employing co-op-eratien,efficiency and confidence.Paris Home Telephone 5 Telegraph Co.(Incorporated)J. J. VEATCH, Ulstrict Manager.W. H. CANNON, THOMAS K. WMITH,Local Manager. Cashier.Bourbon LaundryDWIS & FUNK, Props.Telephone No. 4.West 5 StreetZDT dSatisfaction is OarWatchwordWith all the latest improvements in laundryappliances ana experthelpers we are preparedto do work inferior tonone, and solicit yourpatronage.Bourbon Laundryn.-c;SiM.J...0t . j41i7J.',!ilM-5- trf-ft " r-THE BOURBON NEWS, PARIS, KY.FRIDAT, JUNB 15, i9l7PAGE EIGHT-VTV.; Th.V- r.1I Ir- 'V.frK-u-iMILLERSBURG--i-Mrs. Thomas Stone had returnedAfter a several weeks visit to relatives at Owingsville.Dr. W. M. Miller and Col. C.H. Best have returned after a tendays' sojourn at Dawson Springs.-Mrs. Bailes DeBell, of Ewing,wag" at the bedside of her daughter,Mrs. It. M. Caldwell, Wednesday.Mr. and Mrs. M.' E. Pruitt att traded the meeting of the Embalmersand Undertakers Association at Louisville, from Tuesday until to-day.Mr. J. G. Allen continues veryranch the same Mesdames ClaraShanks, J. P. Itedmon, R. M. Caldwell and Miss Nancy Layson are improving, also' Mrs. Bruce McMahan.Miss Anna James McClintockhas returned from Baltimore, whereshe taught during the past year.She was accompanied' by friends,Mrs. Miller and daughter, comingthrough in their automobile.Mrs. W. A. Munzing returned toher home at Maysville, Tuesday, afpter a several days visit to her moth-er, Mrs. -Martha Vimont, and sister,Miss Florence Vimon She was accompanied home by them. Miss Vimont will enter the Wilson MemorialHospital at Maysville for a while.The Millersburg Red Cross,fcich wa.- recently- organized here,is now on a firm foundation. Afterinvestigation through the proper au. thorities we have been informed thatMillersburg can have an independentorganization, auxiliary to none andynYi soon be prepared to do as goodwork as any in Central Kentucky.Its enrollment is increasing rapidlyaid in a few more weeks it will embrace all of the best citizens of the-Millersburg precinct.The Young Peoples' Society ofthe Methodist church met at the M.C, with Miss Olive Fisher, Wednesday afternoon. After an interestinghoiines and literary session thev "meeting clo.ed with a social party,participated in by the members ofthe Society only, in honor of the approaching nuptials of one of theirmembers. Miss Kizzie McDaniell."Miss McDaniell was presented by theraembers with a handsome handpainted olive dish. Strawberries, icecream and cakes were served thecuests.- DEATHS.DERING.Rev. 'John R. Deering, one of theablest and most widely-known divines of the Methodist denominationin the State, died in the EmergencyHospital, in Washington, D. C, atfive o'clock, Tuesday morning, afteran illness of three days following anattack of vertigo. Rev. Deering wentto Washington ten days ago to attendthe Confederate reunion, and was accompanied by his daughter, 'Mrs.'John R. Shearer, of Cincinnati.Rev. Deering was seventy-fiveyears old. He was a son of the Rev.Richard and Amanda Deering, andwas a native of Lexington. He received his education in Louisville,which place he left in July, 1861,when he joined the Confederate -armyof Northern Virginia, remaining inthe service until wounded in battleon April 3, 1863.He began his career in the Methodist ministry in November, 1863,when he was licensed to preach inThomastown, Georgia. He was ordained in ttfe ministry at Macon,Georgia, in 1865. From that time onhe held charges at Greenville, Danville, Georgetown, Newport, Millersburg, Bloomfield, Nicholasville, Cynthiana, Winchester, Mt. Sterling,Shelbyville, Lexington, Versaillesand Harrodsburg. He was retired athis own request in 1915.Rev. Deering is survived by hiswidow, who was Miss Fannie Govin,of Hogansville, Georgia, and the following children: Dr. R.W. Deering,of the Western Reserve University,Cleveland; Mrs. John L. Shearer,wife of Prof. Shearer, of Cincinnati;Mrs. Virgil McClure, of Lexington;Ashby Deering and David Deering, ofi New York; John R. Deering, Jr., ofAtlanta; Neal Deering, Soiux City,la.; Paul Deering, of Cincinnati, andMrs. W. T. Greene, of St. Louis.LET BOURBON DO HER BIT.Our Army and Navy represent thewill of the American people; our RedGross represents the American heart."Our duty is primarily to relieve suffering and restore to health andstrength the sick and wounded; thatis a vital part in winning this war.A mammoth mass meeting will beheld Sunday afternoon at the courchouse for the purpose of discussinga plan whereby we may be of assistance and do our bit in this great patriotic cause. Attend and bring yourneighbor. Good sneakers, music,soldiers and an inspiring programhas been arranged.STOCK, CROP, ETC.. -. - Mr. James Robbins, if the LitMle Rock vicinity, purchased thisweek of Mr. Reynolds Letton tweny700-pound heifers at 9 cents. Mr.Xetton also sold this week to Mr. J.E. Hunter, of Millersburg, one year-ling Shorthorn bull calf for $130.WOODS.The "funeral of Mr. John (Jack)Woods, aged fifty-seven, who died athis home on Eighth street, at 10:30o'clock, Monday night, after a longillness, was held at the Church of theAnnunciation, in this city, at nineo'clock yesterday morning, with services conducted by Rev. Father Eugene DeBruyn. The interment followed on the family lot in Mt. Olivet Cemetery, in this city.The active pall-bearers were M. J.Lavin, John Dean, Dr. F. P. Campbell, E. M. Costello, Thos. F. Brannon and James McNamara, Sr.;honorary pall-bearers, John T. Hinton, Charles A. McMillan, David C.Parrish, George D. Speakes, W. T.Brooks and W. O. Hinton.Mr. Woods was one of the bestknown men in the city, where he hadresided nearly all of his useful life.He was a son of the late Mr. and Mrs.Edward Woods, and was born in Cynthiana, in November, I860. He received his education in the parochialschool of Paris, and going out in theworld to make his own way, becamea successful contractor, later becoming a member of the firm ofWoods & Cain, composed of himselfand brothers, Messrs.. Thomas PWoods and M. J. Woods and MrJohn Cain, who built nearly all thepikes in the county, and who lateron made a specialty of excavationand foundation work, doing nearlyall the work of that character onthe principal buildings in the cityand county. He had been a memberof the Paris City Council two termsfrom his ward, and made an excel! lent official.Mr. Woods was a man of quiet, unassuming ways, of a happs disposijr yBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBfl t&wurM M?X".vOthers Like ItYou WillLet the big paintbuyers help you decide. Hundreds ofbig manufacturersuseSherwin-WilliamsPAINTS & VARNISHESbecause they know thequality has been provedthat these productsmeet every condition.The "Cover the-Earth"label stands for quality,durability and coveringpower. It is your protection in buying paint.ition, and generous to a fault. Hewas greatly liked bV his associates,and was a man of the strictest integrity in business matters.He is survived by his widow, whowas Miss Mackey, andr nine children,Mrs. C. A. Hendrix, of Cecelia, Ky.;Misses Mary, Julia, Aimee and Elizabeth Woods, Edward, Baldwin,Roger and Lauthman Woods, att ofParis; three sisters and two brothers, Mrs. John Cain and Mrs. FrankJacobs, of Paris; Mrs. George Rassenfoss, of Mt. Sterling; Thomas P.Woods and Michael J. Woods, ofParis.- Another brother, EdwardWoods, died in Paris several yearsago.PEDDICORD.The funeral of- Mr. Oscar Peddicord, aged forty-four, who died Tuesday at the home of his sister, Mrs.Clifton Blackerby, on the Cllntonvillepike, near this city, following a protracted illness, was held at the Blackerby home, at four o'clock, Wednesday afternoon, with service conducted by Rev. W. 0. Sadler, pastor ofthe Paris Methodist church. Theburial followed in the Paris Cemetery. The pall-bearers were StampsMoore, Jack Turney, Oscar T. Hinton,Pearce Paton, J. 0. Marshall andSwift Champ.Mr. Peddicord was a native of Dover, Mason county, where he wasborn in 18-73. In 1884 he nioved toBourbon county, and received hisearly education in the schools of thrscounty and city. After leavingschool he became identified in business in Paris with his brother, Mr.Charles N. Peddicord. He was aman of genial impulses and well-likedby everyone.Mr. Peddicord's illness dates backabout a year ago when he contracteda -severe cold while with a fishingand camping party at Robinson, inHarrison county. This developedinto the illness which hal a fatalending last Tuesday. .Mr. Peddicord is survived by hisfather, Mr. H. A. Peddicord, one sister, Mrs. Clifton Blackerby, of nearParis, two brothers, Mr. Charles NPeddicord, of Paris, and Mr. WillPeddicord, of The county. Two brothres, Mr. Sam Peddicord and Mr. Jno.Peddicord, have preceded him to thegrave, the latter dying in this citya few months ago.KING.Mr. Andrew J. King, aged fortyfour, died at his homy on Weststreet, at eight o'clpck yesterdaymorning ,of a complication of diseases. The funeral will be held inthe Paris Cemetery, at 2:30 o'clockthis afternoon, with services at thegrave. He is survived by his widow,who was formerly Miss Media Maddox, of Nicholas county.BLYTHE.James A. Blythe, eight-months-oldson of Mr. and Mrs. AndrewBlythe, died Monday at the home ofhis parents, on Hanson street, aftera short illness. The body was interred in the Paris Cemetery, Tuesdayafternoon with brief services held atthe grave, conducted by Mr. A. L.Boatright.HOT WEATHER SUPPLIES.Ice Cream Freezers, Water Coolers and Screen Doors.(It) FARMERS SUPPLY CO.BED CROSS CONCERT,The pupils in voice of Mr. PerNeilsen, of the Lexington College ofMusic, assisted by pupils in piano ofMr. Edward Weiss, of the sdme institution, gave a most enjoyable recital at the Y. M. C. A. last nightat 8; 30 o'clock. No admission feewas charged, but a free will offeringamounting to a substantial sum, wastaken, which was turned over to thelocal Red Cross Society.The program included the following: "Vjalse Triste . . . ,SibeliusMiss Clarine SmartUncle Rome HomerMr. Harry Kerslake-The Street Organ SibellaMiss Nell CrutcherIt Was a Dream NejdlingerRequiem '. HomerMr. G. H. Barnes, MillersburgDu bist die Ruh Schubert-LisUMiss Nancy Barbee Wilson'Tis All That I Can Say. . Carl HahnMiss Lucia ButlerI Would That My Love . . MendelssohnThe Misses ButlerAllah . : ChadwickPierrot de RubenMiss Sarah ThompsonI Am Thy Plarp WoodmanThree For Jack , SquireMr. George White FithianLa Campanella .... Paganini-ListzMiss Mattie Butler 'Thy Beaming Eyes McDowellLove Here Is My Heart SilesuMiss Patsy ClarkAh, Love, But a. Day ProtheroeCalm As the Night . . . . BohmMr. Clay SutherlandCALL ON THOS. P. WOODS P0RCOUNCILMAN.Many Democrats of the Fifth Wardwould like for Mr. Thos. P. Woodsto announce for Councilman from theFifth Ward. We promise you ourhelp and support, knowing fromyour-past record of honest servicesand efforts to give the taxpayers thebest for their money, tharybu wouldbe the man for the place.(MANY DEMOCRATS OF FD?TH(12-2t) WARD. t.2!With rall of the younrjbldods awayPARIS CHAUTAUQUA !JULY 2, 3, 4, 5, 6, 7Six Big Days 12 Big SessionsW. J. Bryan Elma B. SmithCastellucci's Boston Marine Band The Cambridge PlayersGov. Malcolm R. Patterson - Castle Square EntertainersDr. L. G. HerbertJudge Lee S. EstelleHinshaw Opera CompanyErnest J. SiasFr. Michael D. CollinsMiss Belle KearneyThe Franco-Balkan BandCapt. Leslie Vickersof the British ArmyMany Big Attractions on the ProgramArrange For Your Season Tickets Now and Plan to Enjoythe Chautauqua in the Right Way.COME PUBLIC SPIRITED CITIZENS OF PARIShave planned big for this event. They want the people of this com-vmunity to have access to some of the best oratory, inspiration, music andentertainment, so they have arranged to bring this big Chautauqua .here.To make it a go a great many season tickets have to be sold, and thesemen figured that Paris people would appreciate a good thing like the Chau- -tauquaand see what a chance it is for everybody and what a good thingit is for our town, and so back tnem up and help put this splendid enterprise through. They are counting on you to buy season tickets and toboost for the Chautauqua and the Home Town.SEASON TICKET $2.00CHILDREN $1.00C. O. HINTON, Chautuqua SecretaryPARIS CHAUTAUQUA JULY 2-7 InclusiveBargainsHTPJITP Bargains In Every DeffliSy partment Men's, Ladies,Boys and Girls' Highand Low Cut Shoes!We Bought Too HeavyU n s easonable weatherleaves us with an enormousstock ofjSummer Footwear.Prices Cut Deep!Offering in the beginning of the season great.bargains in high grade footwear. If you needshoes now, or will need them in the future, nowis the time to buy. Visit our store, compare thequality and prices and you will surely appreciateS the wonderful bargains.SHOES' mmmmmmmmmmoXpoRDLadies' White Kid or Rich Brown e - ftCRuss. Tan Boots 3H-.5IDLadies! Gray and White Kid Ka- -tinka Pumps . . . ." 5KLadies' White Canv. Sea Island ,- OQBoots and Pumps 5I5JLadies' Canvas Strap Pumps -at Xr5lLadies Kid Lace Boots and Pumps ,- 00which add grace ,to your foot. . . llfLadies' Pat. Dull Kid -QBoots and Pumps at. ... . .-. . abK7Ladies' Pat. and Gun Metal Shoes ,- QCand Pumps at lf SIMen's Russian Tan English-,-Shoes and Oxfords, W.-0...$4.00 UpMen's Plat. Calf Eng. and MediumToe Shoes and Oxfords, W.-O. . . .$3.50glen's G. M.and Tan Shoes and Ox- MXfords, Walk-6ver and Beacon. . . 3-49Men.s Gun Metal, Button and- and Lace, welts 2.99Men's Tan and Gun Metal Oxfords -at . 2.49Men's Gun Metal High Shoes andOxfords V 1.99Boys', Misses' and Children's $hoes and Slippers AtGreat Bargain Prices.VDAN COHENlWhere Beauty and Economy; Reign" ' -i m m' i1 k '1:iParis' Greatest .Shoe StoreIHIIMIIMIIIC. A. DAUGHERTYin the war, won't the old bald headsim i...r uhave a glorious time? . vf? . --rv- JSc.-?-'