'a. f v- v , s -Mt -? .; . 'J v . y.i"1 "''' 1 ?$v'M4-V vj. T j ij'a?rW'uife y j ,jlfcLi?itrf(KiHvv x v v"THE BOURBON NEWSPUBLISHED EVERY TUESDAY AND FRIDAY IN THE YEARVOLUME XXXVIIPARIS, BOURBON COUNTY, KENTUCKY, FRIDAY, AUGUST 10, 1917iit t x i ' !' sxr-SI.Saw A-IfEXEMPTION BOARD BEGINS ITS lSESSIONS. IThe Bourbon County Board of Exemptions, composed of Sheriff W. F.Talbot, County Clerk Pearce Patonand Dr. Silas Evans, began its sit-1tings m the Circuit Court room inthe court house Wednesday morningat eight o'clock, for the purpose ofexamining the first ninety-five menwho were listed in the first call under the terms of the drafting act.The first day's work resulted in theexamination of seventy-five youngmen, five of whom were discharged asbeing physically unfit for service under the requirements of the armyrules. Fourteen of the others claimed no exemptions. Most of those whoclaimed exemption from service did soon th,e ground of having dependentsupon them, in some cases wives, inothers mothers and sisters or agedand infirmed parents requiring theircare and attention. Others claimedexemption on the ground that they-were engaged in agricultural pursuits, necessary to keeping up thefood supply of the county. All thesecases will be referred to the District"Board for Eastern Kentucky, when itmeets at Lexington.Seventy-eight men were examined by the Board yesterday, with theusual large percentage of claims for-exemption along the same line. Theexemption will be resumed to-day.Below is printed a complete list ofthose examined "Wednesday and'Thursday, with their claims for exemption and those discharged asphysically unfit:Pearce Beatty, physically unfit, rejected. Sam J. Wiggins, no exemptionclaimed.Allie Clay Dettweiler, physicallyfit, no exemption claimed.Frank Nelson Higgins, physicallyfit, no exemption claimed.John Hutsell, physically fit, claimsexemption.Orville Britton, physically fit, noexemption claimed.Charles Henry Butler, Jr., physically fit, no exemption claimed.Samuel Biddle, physically fit, noexemption claimed.Richard Brooks, physically fit,claims exemption.Jas. A. Ellis, physically fit, claimsexemption.Clarence Tutter, physically fit,claims exemption.Wm. E. Mitchell, physically fit,claims exemption.Mack Christopherson, physically fit,claims exemption.jjWm. Cassidy, physically fit, claimsexemption.Thurman Jones, physically fit,claims exemption.Frank C. Caldwell, physically fit,claims exemption.James Myers, physically unfit, reiected. Phiilip Hopkins, physically fit,claims exemption.Luther McHargue, physically fit,claims exemption.Burkett C. Chinn, physically unfit,rejected.Clerence Henderson, physically fit,no exemption claimed.August Wilson, physically fit,claims exemption.Harvey Lee Mullikin, physicallyunfit, rejected. .Geo. Carter, physically fit, claimsexemption.has. Howard Day, physically fit,claims exemption.Ben McAfee, physically fit, claimsexemption.Allie Carr, physically fit,claimsv exemption.Floyd Cummins, .physically fit,claims exemption.Harvey Allen Rogers, physically fit,claims exemption.Edwin Woods, physically fit, claimsexemption.Frank Harp, physically fit, claimsexemption. . .Gano E. Duncan, physically fit,claims exemption.Harry Barlow, physically fit, claimsexemption. . .James Jackson, physically tit,claims exemption.Wm. Smits, physically fit, claimsexemption.James Cope, physically fitclaimsexemption.Hugh Fergusonphysically fit,claims exemption.Clarence Washington,claims ex-emption, hand off. ,Lucien Hinton, physicallyunfit,Jas. Feltman, physically unfit, legoff, rejected. . .M. C. Meymon, physically fit, ex-Gus Hickland, physically fit,noexemption claimed.Smith Hill, physically fit,claimsexemption. , . .. fifJoseph G. Mitchell, physically fit,claims exemption.Raymond Myers, physically fit, noexemption claimed. . Jllv flfCharlton McFarland, phys?4"'nTHaZCV' claims"XrhPn0Weslevylc;r, physically fit,no fixemr" ..-. .fn pantrill, phjsically fit, claimsexemption. ' -Mnv f, fohn Wesley Taylor, physically nt,no exemption claimed. . ...Roger C. Talbott, physically nt,claims exemption.. ii,eErnest Kiser, 'physically fit, claimsexemption, farmer. ,Bil1v JLBryan Rogbins, physically t,clJuyo.ByslcallywnmiuiuiA. .yr :- -fit, claims :ekett, pyscTLeonard'Claims exempWOMAN MEETS DEATH IN "FRONTOF MOVING HAT.Death in a horrible form cameswiftly to Mrs. Keene Daniel, agedIHJ "i WW Vlb.V. VCaLClUilV ilidl IUIlidat. Nintn! ct0f whnn o ..caught under the wheels of a rapidlymoving interurban car, and crushedto death.Mrs. Daniel was at her home nearNineteenth street, alone, all the othermembers of the family being in London, Ky., attending the fair in progress at that place. Some neighborswho had been calling on her had justleft, and she called to one of themthat she believed she would go acrossthe street and mail a letter to herdaughter. The Lexington-Paris interurban car, due here from Lexington, at 9:45,in charge of MotormanHaggard and Conductor Jordan, wascoming in just as Mrs. Daniel started across the track immediately infront, to hail Mr. Earl Swearengen,who was passing at the time in hismail wagon. The motorman soundedhis gong and blew his whistle severaltimes, but the unfortunate womanevidently became badly confused, asshe started diagonally across thetrack in front of the car, which washtnen almost upon ner, ana ran afew feet in advance of it.The motorman, Al Haggard, madeevery effort to stop the car, but toolate to avoid the accident. Mrs.Daniel was struck and knocked down,the car passing entirely over her before it could be brought to a standstill. Her body was horribly mangled, the lower limbs being entirelysevered from the body and the headcrushed, both arms broken, and cutsand bruises extending all over her.Passengers and others who witnessedthe accident state that the motormandid all in his power to avoid strikingthe woman, and that the accident wasunavoidable. The body was removedto the undertaking establishment ofGeorge Wl Davis and prepared forburial. The inquest will be held atthe court house this morning at teno'clock by Coroner Rudolph Davis.Mr. and Mrs. Daniel came to Parisfrom Missouri last March, when theypurchased the home of Mr. and Mrs.Thos. F. Brannon, who had moved toLexington to reside. Previous to going to Missouri they had lived inEastern Kentucky at several points.Mrs. Daniel is survived by herhusband, Mr. Keene Daniel, onedaughter, Miss Mittie Daniel, andtwo sons, Messrs. George and DanielDaniel. The funeral arrangementshad not been completed last night,but the body will probably be sentto London, Ky., their old home, forinterment.Leo Houston, physically fit, claimsexemption, father.Wm. Henry Earlywine, physicallyfit, claims exemption, wife.Roy Watts, physically fit, claimsexemption, wife.Chas. Body, physically unfit, discharged. Raymond Myers, physically fit, noexemption claimed.Virgil Allen, physically fit, claimsexemption, wife.Walter Minton, physically fit,claims exemption, wife.Charles T. Dwelly, physically fit,claims exemption, wife.Herbert Milton King, physicallyfit, no exemption claimed.Earl Griffith, discharged.Theodore Carter, physically fit,claims exemption, industrial.Joe Baker, physically fit, no exeemption claimed.Charles R. Johnson, physically fit,claims exemption, wife.Woodson N. Reed, physically unfit,discharged.Carl Hughes, physically fit, claimsexemption.Ike Hally, physically fit, claimsexemption, wife.Raymond F. Ferguson, physicallyfit, claims exemption.Clayton Renaker, physically fit,claims exemption, farmer.j Geo. Louis Payne, physically unnt,discharged.1 W. B. Tobin, physically fit, claimsexemption, wire.Claude Walden, physically unfit,discharged.James, Harding, physically fit,claims exemption, wife.Chas. E. Wilson, physically fit, onexemption claimed.Harry S. Hill, physically fit, claimsexemption, wife.L. C. Gaunce, physically fit, claimsexemption, wife.S. S. Ardery, Jr., discharged, one.eye out. iEarl Inslco, physically fit, claimsexetnptioh, wife. jJ2A". l. Lemaster, physically M,claims exemption, Industrial occupation. 'Moses B. Sparks, physically fit, noexemption claimed vClyde P. Price, physically unfit,discharged.Willi White, physically fit, no exemption claimed. vChas..R. Bland, physically fit, noexemption claimed.Bennett D. Taylor, physically fit,claims exemption, wife.Harvey L. Taylor, physically fit,claims exemption, wtfe.Allan Huddleston, physically fitclaims exemption.Ralph Menifee, physically fit, claimsexemption.XAJawi Wlhftrir. uhvRicallv-fit, 'Mmg exemption wife:CYNTHIANA PAPER MAKESSPORT OP OUR "SPY."'THE NEWS has had the opinionall along that there was a touch ofcomic opera about the alleged "German spy," Majors, who has obtainedconsiderable newspaper notorietylately in connection with his recentarrest in Paris.Now comes The Cynthiana Democrat and proceeds to launch a heavybrick at Majors, who, it claims, hasn'tenough sense to be a "German spy."The Democrat proceeds to shake upMajors' pretensions and exposes himas a charlatan and pretender unworthy of all the hullaballo he hascaused. The Democrat says:"The man giving the name GeorgeMajors, arrested in Paris and takento Lexington as a suspected Germanspy, charged with impersonating aUnited States officer, is believed to Tenone other than Floyd Irvine, a plasterer and concrete' worker who wasemployed at Berry and other pointsin that section."Parties here the other day saidto ine democrat tnat tne descriptionof the man and his actions correspondidentically with those of Irvine andhey have no doubt he is the manheld over to the grand jury by theFayette courts, and now in jail atWinchester. If their surmises arecorrect, the authorities have not caplured a German spy, but rather a dissolute character who drinks a gooddeaJ, is not particularly bright when'to yourSelfhouer, ana is certainly not dangerousfrom a war standpoint. The Berryfolks say he hasn't sense enough tobe a spy."Floyd Irvine was arrested at Berrysometime back on the charge of mis-treating a horse, was fined $100, and Deing German spies prompted Reprelaid the fine out in the Cynthiana ' tentative Langley, of the Tenth Kenjail. He hired a horse from a livery- j tucky district, to call on the departTTjan at Berry to drive to Cynthiana, ment of Justice to send secret serviceand it was alleged worked the horse operatives into Kentucky to investibo hard that it died. While in jail gae reports emanating from severalhere he was employed by Jailer Green C0Unties in the district,in helping take care of the court j pjke county people especially, havehouse yard, and did a little concrete jia(j their curiosity aroused by theseand other work. j prying strangers, at least one of"He claimed to have been in the whom has appeared in the garb of anavy, out tnose wno Knew nis irre-sponsible character doubt the truth ofhis claim. His mysterious 'Capt.Cutts' is probably a creature of hisimagination. He possibly has someletter from girls at Berry, and is saidat one time to have been engaged to RAILROADS TO HELP FAMILIESa young woman down that way, but Qp EMPLOYES.she broke the engagement when shefound out what sort of a fellow he Railroads may grant passes to f amwas." iiies of employes who have joined thefe !a aLIGHT ON THE PURSE.I ruling to this effect has been madeAs well as the body. A Palm by the interstate Commerce CommisBeach of Cool Cloth Suit, at $10. I sion in seSsion at Washington.J. W. DAVIS & CO.WE KNOW HOW jSTRAW HATSATHALF:Our entire line of HopkinsStraws we place on sale today at one-half original price.Right now is when you need a cool, comfortableStraw the worst, when the old Straw has become soiledand shaqby. You can freshen up your appearance bygetting the pick o a brand new straw at a very smallprice. All sizes 6 3'4 to 7 5-8.75 CentsTo$3.00Soft Brims- and Stiff Brims, Plain Sailors, Curled-brimmed. Alpines and Telescope shapes.Don't delay; buy while your style'and" size is here.Mitchell &Ourrstbrt dts at 5 pand Court Days.EARLY CLOSING MOVEMENTI SUCCESS.ASo far as known no merchant ofParis has had cause to regret theearly closing movement which gavehis clerks a breathing and recreation-seekingspell at the end? of theday's work. They all pronounce itthe best thing that ever happened.They have themselves discovered thatthey had something to live for besides grabbing off the dollars andshortening their lives.The clerks have cttilized the recreation-hourin man -ays. One oimost popular has been visits to thebathing beaches up Stoner Creek,where almost every afternoon scoresof bathers have enjoyed the coolingand refreshing waters. Driving, visiting, seeing the great outside worldat longer range than from behindfour wans have filled in the workershours and made them full of enjoyment. Shoppers have also taken kindly tothe movement, and very few havetaken it as a matter of personal re-sentment. Rather to the contrary,they have accepted the clerks' pointnf vifiW aTld bv doine their shomrinarjy have helped themselves and thetired clerks. One woman told one ofthe clerks at Frank & Co.'s, "I didn'trealize before how much shopping Tcould get done before five o'clock inthe afternoon, and what a pleasure itis to Know tnat you get an uourE3 J51SPIES IN KENTUCKY.The presence in the coal region of.Kentucky of mysterious strangerswho are suspected by the natives ofpreacher.It is suspected by the natives thatthey are getting information aboutthe coal resources of Kentucky forsome unknown purpose.TS T P3(army or navy and are regarded byI the railroad as absent on leave. A::PRICE!:.Blakemorep. m. txcept Saturdays-&OFAf ter many weary weeks of wrangl- jing, sidestepping and filibustering theUnited States Senate put the Food !Bill through the last stages of legislative enactment at four o'clock,Wednesday afternoon, when it wasfinally adopted by the Senate in the jform previously adopted by theHouse. The vote on the measure wasG6 to 7.Immediately after the Unal vote onthe food control bill the Senate by aviva voce vote also approved the conference report on the first administration bill providing for a food survey and appropriations to stimulateproduction.Prompt appointment of Herbert C.Hoover as food administrator and immediate operations under the legislation, is expected to follow, when themeasure becomes a law. In additionto its comprehensive provision forcontrol of food, fuel, fertilizer andequipment, the bill carries drasticprohibition features. Thirty days after it is approved it will be unlawfulto use food stuffs in the manufactureof distilled beverages or to import distilled spirits for beverage purposes.The President will be empowered tocommandeer for military purposes alldistilled liquors now held in bond,and to regulate or restrict the use offoods in the manufacture of beer andwine.The bill will become a law immediately upon being signed by PresidentWilson, which it is expected will bedone to-day. The Senate took a recess to Friday' after passing the bill.Ba 6a aNEW FACES IN THE BIG HOUSE.A few moments after the doors ofthe Bourbon County Court houseopens on January 1, 1918, severalnew hands will be at the helm, andseveral new faces will be seen infamiliar places about the big building. The same will also hold true inthe city offices.Mr. George Batterton will occupythe chair now occupied in the CountyJudge's office by Judge Charles A.McMillan; Mr. William G. McClintock will succeed Mr. W. F. Talbottin the Sheriff's office; Mr. J. B. Caywood will keep the records in theoffice of the County Superintendentof Schools, the office now held byMiss Mabel Robbinsj County ClerkPearce Paton willis usual, be inthe same position he has held for several years, where he has gained thereputation of being the best CountyClerk in the State; Mr. Batterton'schair in the County Attorney's officewill be occupied by Mr. David D.Cline; and genial "Billie" Webb willbe found in his accustomed place.Mr. Walter Clark will officiate forthe next term in the Assessor's office;Mr. Thomas Taul will hold the keysof the Bourbon county jail after Mr.Jos. Farris turns them over to hiscare; Chief of Police Fred Link willcontinue in control of the destiniesand workings of the police department; Police Judge B. B. January,who moves up to the dignity of theMayoralty, will be succeeded in theadministration of justice to offendersagainst the law by Squire ErnestMartin; Hon. Claude M. Thomas willpack his grip and go to Frankfort asthe county's Representative in theLegislature; new faces, those ofMessrs. John Merringer, Thos. Kiser,John Christman, S. Kenney Nichols,J. J. Veatch, John Arkle and GeorgeDoyle, will be seen in the CouncilChamber; John Wiggins will blushwhen' his name is called at the firstmeeting of the Fiscal Court as "Justice-John S. Wiggins;" Roxie Rudolph Davis will agin be in harnessin the Coroner's office, where he fitsas if made for the place.lEi IS S, DO IT ELECTRICALLY.Use an electric iron these hot days.Try an electric washing machine,and for real comfort sit by an electrical fan and enjoy life. We haveeverything in electrical 'supplies.PARIS GAS & ELECTRIC CO., Inc.(7-2t)IBB YRl IBPARDON AGAIN BEING SOUGHTFOR GEO. ALEXANDER.Renewed efforts, according to reports coming from Frankfort, are being made to secure a pardon for Geo,Alexander, the Paris banker, whowas sentenced to the penitentiary forembezzlement of the funds of the Geo.Alexander & Co. State Bank, someyears ago, which caused! the bank'ssuspension.It is rumored in Frankfort and inParis that this effort is to be1 successful, and that Governor Stanleywill grant a pardon to the convictedbanker.Early in 1916 Governor Stanley refused to pardon Alexander, and ingiving his reasons for his refusal condemned him severely.The news story is told in a specialfrom -Frankfort to the LexingtonLeader and the Louisville Post. ThePost tmblishes in full & special fromFrankfort to' the Louisville, Courier-Journal of February 5, 1915, jivingSENATE .FINALLY DISPOSESPOOD BILL.tetaaley'k read for deayiag tme far4on. i : ' :BOURBON ONE OF FOUR HIGHESTASSESSED COUNTIES.One of the problems to come beforthe State Tax Commission for settlement is that of rectifying the ix-quality in real estate assessment.For the purpose of showing the people of the State how real estate hasbeen assessed, the State Tax Commission has prepared figures on th"report of the State Board of Equalization for 1916. During that yearJefferson county paid the highestland assessment, that of $9389 jcacre. Real estate in Fayette county;paid the next highest assessmemt,that of $85.15. The other two coumties assessed at more than $50 anacre were Woodford $61.98 and Bourbon $61.01.Menifee county bears the distinction of paying the lowest land assessment, that of $3.38 per acre.The counties assessed at over $45and less than $50 per acre were Jes-'samine $49.79 and Kenton $45.93.Three counties assessed at over $50and less than $45 per arce versClark, $42.99; Mason, $40.99, andCampbell, $40.78.The counties assessed at over $35and less than $45 per acre wereShelby, $38.28; Boyle, $38.35, andScott, $35.40.Six counties were assessed at over$20 and less than $35 an acre wereMercer, $34.74; Madison, $33.96;Montgomery, $33.80; Garrard,$o'3.16; Boone, $30.38.IS JEl ISAN APPRECIATION.The Colonial Amusement -Co.,which operates the Alamo and theParis Grand in this city, as well asa chain of movie houses in Lexington, and other cities in the BlueGrass, has the good fortune to haveat its head a man of discriminatingtaste and good business judgment,Mr. John B. Elliott. Mr. Elliott hasbeen a generous and consistent userof printer's ink in furthering the interests of the houses he controls,and is not a bit backward in according a just meed of praise to THENEWS, as evidenced in the followingletter:"Lexington, Ky., Aug. 7, 1917."THE NEWS, Paris, Ky."I notice a statement in the 'Editorial Musings' department of THENEWS of August 7 that you cquld?not understand why Paris people'would wear out their good shoesborrowing an inferior paper, andthen state that 'there was never anything in the old paper, anyhow.'"That's just the trouble withParis to-day too many knockers.You have the best paper publishedin any town near the size of Paristhat I know of. Why don't the people boost instead of knock? Paris 13the best town in the State considering its size, yet you-.meet some people from Paris who persists in telling you what a bad town they have."Let us hope that the Paris people will get together and boost theirhome town, and buy at home, Jtlso.You have the merchandise!"Very Truly,JOHN B. ELLIOTT, Manager."BOURBON APPOINTEES.-Word was received here yesterdayfrom Ft. Benj. Harrison that twoBourbon County boys who have beentaking intensive there training in theOfficers' Reserve Corps had been commissioned. They are Mr. Robt. Jones,who was commissioned as First Lieu.tenant, and Mr. William Collins, whoreceives the rank of Captain. Bothare from North Middletown.-The War Department will .announce this week the names of allthe graduates who are to receive commissions. The first lot to be commls-'sioned will be from Kentucky and la?diana.In the list of officers commissiomed ' 'yesterday appears the following:Captains Morton C. Collfver,Paris; Wm. Collins, North Middle-'town; First Lieutenants Reuben fB. Hutchcraft, Paris; Robt. Q. Jone, f "North Middletown, (cavalry) ; Secomd -,Lieutenant Raymond W. Ogdem,Paris; Second Lieutenant, Quarter- zmaster's Corps Catesby W. Spears,Hugh Campbell, Paris; Second Lieu- "tenant, Regular Army Jaa.-W. Mc-'vClure, Jr., Paris. ' ' :1 M 1 rr - -'?:BOY SCOUTS' CONTEST.-LA swimming contest in which mm- .bers of the Boy Scouts of Paris willparticipate, will take place at tht T.M. C. A. this evening at 7:30 o'dofk. ,The winner will be awarded & boat ; .fine candy. The judges will b T. JL:Rice, Jr., and Herndon Walter, of tlY. M. C. A., both experts.The contests will be as foUowa:'1 Best facy dive d k tout ;:-.Long distance swim umder1 water; 1Backward header o berd; -Beet footer off board;off Boar; Jteet ovi7 Longest tUee under wmter.'r.5 i'.JSl'iII.f'Hr. V.TcVi ,"-A1ffsN.'CAGE TWOTHE BOURBON NEWS,.PARIS, KY.FRIDAY, AUGUST ltltlT, .rHM5IThe Bourbon News-Jtabllthed 188135 Year of Continuous Publication.blished Every Tuesday and Friday.it Year... $2.00 Six Months... $1.00Payable in Advance.WIFT Cr!MP, Editor and Owner.Ai7 erroneous reflection upon theh&racter, standing or reputation ofany person, firm or corporation whichMay appear in the columns of THEBOURBON NEWS will be glad corrected if brought to attention of theeditor.ADVERTISING RATESDisplay Advertisements, $1.00 perInch for first time; 50 cents per incheach subsequent insertion.Reading Notices, 10 cents per lineeach issue; reading notices in blacktype, 20 cents per line, each issue.Cards of thanks, calls on candidates, obituaries and resolutions, andimilar matter, 10 cents per line.Special rates for large advertisements and yearly contracts.The Tight -of publisher is reservedto decline any advertisement or othertoatter for publication.Announcements for political officesmust invariably be accompanied bythe cash.THE DEMOCRATIC TICKET.Tor State Senator George Hon,ofClark County .For Representative C. M. Thomas,of Bourbon County.Por Sheriff Will G. McClintock.For County Clerk Pearce Paton.For County Judge George Batterton. For County Attorney David D.Cline.For County Superintendent of SchoolsJ. B. Caywood.For Jailer Thomas Taul.For Assessor Walter Clark.For Coroner Rudolph Davis, Paris.For Magistrate L- J. Fretwell, ParisPrecinct; John - N. Shropshire,Centerville Precinct; E. P. Thomasson, Millersburg Precinct; Jno.S. Wiggins, Hutchison Precinct;R. O. Turner, Ruddles Mills Precinct; John S. Talbott, North Middletown Precinct; S. R. Burris, Little Rock Precinct; Lee Stephenson, Clintonville Precinct.For Mayor B- B. January.For Chief of Police w. Fred Link.For Councilmen First Ward JohnMerringer, John Christman andThos. Kiser; Second Ward S. K.Nichols, J. J. Veatch and JohnArkle; Third Ward Geo. Doyle.EDITORIAL MUSINGS.Don't Growl About The Heat.Parisians, don't grumble about thenot weather. Rather be very thankful for it. That is the' advice, andgood advice, handed to THE NEWSman the other day by a weather-wiseold fellow who had spent many yearsof his long and useful life on a Bourbon county farm.The heat is, as a matter of course,disagreeable for city dwellers, but itis busy at the same time working outhumanity's salvation. If that is toodeep for you put your thankfulnesson another ground. The heat is making for lower prices within the nexttwelve months. Bear with some temporary discomfort which, can be mitigated by wise practices, and bethankful for the prospect' of cheaperfood next winter.The world needs a bountiful harvest in the United States, and needsIt as never a harvest was needed before. Crops were short last year; reserves are very low; a shortage thisseason would mean widespread suffering in a few months, and wouldhave imperilled the outcome of thewar. The soldiers must be fed well,and .the first essential toward feedingthem is, a sufficient supply of food.The long, wet spring and the earlysummer had laid a foundation forgood harvests, but, if prolonged,would surely have spoiled them,and the turn has come justat the right time. The heat ofthe last few days made vegetablesthrill with life. Corn, almost a hopeless crop in Bourbon county a fewweeks ago, has been fairly leapingin growth. Beans and everything onwhich we depend in this part of thecountry are feeling new life. A better condition for the hay fields could- snot have been asked than what we. .are having. The change in the-weather is a change from gloom tojoy for the farmer.We don't have to suffer very-acutely from the heat in Paris or injanjr other city of its size. We can let-4own a little in our speed, do a little" lees daily than we have been doing,. and do more' in the cooler hours. An.thour off at the end of the day willIfcelp the weary worker, unless he beslave. Many of us can plan to getway -from the heat by taking a tripttt in the country, a boat ride on8tr, a plunge and frolic in its waters or by seeking other means ofrwrtimg.the body and the mind. Thereare mumerous methpds of reducingtkrcts of the hot spell, and one of3 them is by bearing in mind the goodit fe doing for us to ease up a littleim our haste toward the grave.It's aone of our bucineee, of courae,lHit we thought naayh abWeof "tinhckk)T girls of Paris would he la-1terested in knowing that a. troop, ofRussian women captured 102 menatone time just a few days ago!On "Bawling. Out."Yesterday at noon we heard a man,"bawling out" a waiter. We thoughthe was a "brave, brave man." "Bawl-ers-out"usually are."Bawling out" a waiter is like taking candy from a baby. It is justabout as noble. A waiter cannot helpa lot of things that go on in thekitchen. He probably has a tempermental "chef" to deal with. He cannot redecorate the hotel or the restaurant. He is not the manager, andthe manager is not the corporationthat owns the hotel. Maybe the manwho owns most of the hotel or therestaurant, and who is the party thatought to be "bawled out" has neverbeen in the working part of theplace. Maybe that is what is thematter. Maybe you ought to call ameeting of the directors. But don'tjump all over the faiter unless he isa bum waiter, and then don't. Ifsomething happens that you don'tlike whistle. "What, whistle in adining room?" Yes. Other peopleare listening. They would preferyour whistling to a lot of your disa-mnanhla nn1 QCinina follr T'Vl O tonto 'cent tip you are going to give the. ? j- a JZ iwaiter after dinner does not entitle, - ... . . ..vui..UU LU 1IU1111110.LC 111 ill jjuuiivIJ.The "bawler-out" is usually a low,sulking species. He likes to showhis courage before an audience bytalking noisily and insultingly tosomebody whose hands are tied fromhitting him back as he deserves. Heseldom "bawls out" anyone in private. He always embarrasses everyone within listening distance and perhaps spoils the appetite of a halfdozen persons. He also works wellon the telephone. He takes especialdelight in "bawling out" the girl atthe other end of the wire. Then heturns and says: "I certainly did givethat skirt a good bawling out." Oh,yes, he is certainly a very brave,brave man in his own estimationbut in the entimation of really courageous and sensible people he is a contemptible bag of gas masqueradingas a man.One of life's disappointments camethe other day when we dropped inthe Grand Opera House to attend apicture show, and saw the heroinealight from a train at a station inManchester, England, and then happened to notice that the train wasdrawn by a Big Four engine!ES ES PaWATCH AMERICA.In a statement made in Washington the other day, Herbert C. Hoover,whose war specialty is food conservation and control, said: ."The United States has done morein four months than Germany did ina year."If confusion did Ibt attend America's entrance into the war the worldwould be the witness of a miracle oftransformation. A nation of 100,000,000 devoted to peace cannot getinto a war calling for millions ofmen and billions of dollars with theavoir faire, of a cotillon leader enter a ballroom or with the sang froidof the wearer of the championshipbelt stepping into the prizering. Butbeing in, Americans will acquit themselves as Polonius advised Laertes tode, that those who sought the. quarrelmight rue their folly and respect thefoe.Watch America! This country'spreparation and performance in theworld war will present to the worlda new aspect of the American, already an epic figure in the story ofhuman progress. Courier-Journal.pa J feHAVE YOU A BAD BACK?If You Have, the Statement of ThisParis Resident Will Interest YouDoes your back ache, night andday;Hinder work;Does it stabdestroy your rest?you through andthroughWhen you stoop or lift or bend?Then your kidneys may be weak.Often backache is the clue.Just to give you .further proof,The kidney action may be wrong.If attention is, not paidMore distress will soon appear.Headaches, dizzy spells and nerves,Uric acid and its illsMake the burden worse and worse.Liniments and plasters can'tReach the inward cause at all;Help the kidneys use the pillsParis folks have tried and proved.What they say you can believe.Read this Paris woman's account.See her, ask her, if you doubt.Mrs. J. C. Feltmann, South Pleasant street, Paris, says: "A few yearsago I was suffering with kidney complaint. My back was the worstsource of pain and ached dreadfully.I found it difficult to bend or stoop.I had often read about Doan's Kidney Pills and I used a box. They culled me of the attack. Whenever Ihave had any return symptoms, Ihave used Doan's Kidney Pills, procured from Oberdorfer's Drug Storeand have received the same good results." Price 60c, at all dealers. Don'tsimply ask for a kidney remedy getDoan's Kidney Pills the same thatMrs. Feltmann had. Foster-MilburnCo., Props., Buffalo, N. Y. (ady)Don't be. afraid of the fellow whoowes you a grudge. Lots of peoplenev.er iay, anything they owe.. - r oi l ;Some ' 'men'believe themselvesyreat' because ,they blunder greatly.SOLDIERS MAY ,V0TE fETOIFTHOUGH OTJ&QF COUNTRY'American "citizen-soldiers, whetherlocated in cantonments of the national army, mobilization centers ofthe National Guard, or even inFrance with the expeditionary forces,may vote at the fall elections if theirrespective States establish voting machinery at the camps.Provost Marshal General Crowdersaid that there was no bar to thevoting guardsmen or drafted soldiers,sp far as the Federal Government wasconcerned, and that the only obstaclewould be the absence of State legislation on the subject.Many States have laws, in somecases dating back to the Civil War,permitting citizens under arms tovote when away from the home precinct. Last fall, while the NationalGuard was mobilized on the Mexicanborder, other States enacted legislation permitting the troops to castballots in national, State and municipal elections. Subsequently thes-ame process will be followed thisfall, ballots of soldiers from Statesmaking the necessary arrangementsbeing mailed from the camp or cantonment. Every State is the judge of thevnt.i risr rmalifinnHnns nf its plpp.tnrs. . . TV , ., 4., ,but m tne absence of a presidentialI . , MXtnx lf.' JX vuiihi uoiuuai vauiiuihii. xu iadoubtful if many States will care, toundertake polling any of their menwho may be in France this year.153 fe feGERMAN SOLDIERS DOPED BEFORE GOING TO BATTLE"It is impossible for you in America to comprehend the brutality o.?the German officers," remarked Captain David Sutphen, a British armyofficer on leave of absence in theUnited States, at the Willard. "Thatthe German soldiers are literally forced to fight against their will is afact. When they are ordered to 'goover' machine guns are trained onthem at their backs and at the firstevidence or weakening these gunsare let go. The Germans are betweentwo fires, and they prefer the attachin front rather than the retreat tcertain death behind."I have heard it said that theFrench employ the same methods bu!I can say that this is absolutely untrue. The French do, however, permit the men to have a little couragein the form of rum just before 'goingover.' Whenever it happens that rumis passed about the French know thatthey are about to be ordered to makean attack."This, however, is nothing compared with what the Germans doThey aven't rum or whisky to stimulate their men, so they give themether. The effect of ether, of course,is to stimulate the soldiers immediately; in fact they really have littleappreciation of what they are doingonce they are doped with ether."There is not a shadow of doubr.that the Germans in the trencherhave been and are being deceived asto their real situation. If they knewthe hopelessness of their cause I believe they would rebel, but the German officials see to it not only thatthe men who are fighting are notgiven the facts, but that all the people are deceived." Washington Post.5 feBLACK AND DEW BERRIES.Use only the fresh, firm and cleanblueberries for canning, says a recent bulletin from the NationalEmergency Food Garden Commissionwhich is co-operating with this paperin its nation-wide food conservationcampaign. Best results are obtainedif the fruit is canned the same daythat it is picked.Pick over fruit carefully and washby placing in a colander and pouring cold water through it. Packinto hot glass jars and fill spacewith boiling water or hot sirup.(See below.) Adjust iops and partially seal jars (tin cans should besealed completely.) Sterilize in boiling water for 16 minutes and thentighten tops of jars immediately after removing from the hot water.Invert in a place free from draughtsto cool. Wrap in a dark paper toprevent loss of color in storage.Keep it cool.If sirup is desired use a cup ofsugar to four cups of water and boiltill dissolved. Use sirup boiling hot.Blackerries and Dewberries.Blackberries and dewberries shouldbe picked in shallow trays or basketsduring the cool part of the day andcanned as soon as possible after being picked. Greater care is necessaryin handling these berries than in thecase of blueberries because they aremore easily jammed.The canning process is essentiallythe same, except that the heaviersirup may be used if desired. Anexcellent sirup may be made of a cupof sugar dissolved in three cups ofjuice from very ripe berries. Thisgives a very fine flavor and adds colorto the canned fruit, making a palatable and attractive dessert.tl I9i ISLIFE OF A MICROBE.The Department of Agriculture hasinvestigated the life history of several varieties of microbes, and findsthat these microscopic creatures aremore highly organized than we havesuspected in the past. They passthrough several stages of growth,which have often been mistaken inthe past for distinct "varieties. Theywere found to be divided into twosexes, while in the past the microbehas- been, considered , sexless organism.FivmTiregi in Tire Buying wkfiillwUrMIm iM A There is risk in a chance but not when you buy a tire of Lt-vfa-ImUBIwL W MM ' known quality of known endurance. sm,ATiMBHH United States Tires all five of them, 'Royal Cord 'Nobby BHAMjfljjKXjJlBll are rc8 f known, demonstrated and proved service and IwBBHldWSS'WKSflf th make of tires that costs less per mile today than any Mlllla5l-A Complete Stock of United States Tires Carried 3yMILLERSBURG GARAGE, Millersburg, Ky.NEW BUILDING FOR STATE FAIRA movement for the erection ofan exhibit building at the Kentucky State Fair to cost $400,000,which would be known as the "Far-!mejslerchants and Manufacturers' 1Building," was inaugurated at a banquet attended by the Advisory Boardof the Kentucky State Fair and representative Louisville businessN men.si J ?sSUMMER COMPLAINT.During the hot weather of the summer months some member of almostevery family is likely to be troubledwith an unnatural looseness of thebowels, and it is of the greatest im-(portance that this be treated prompt- jly, which can only be done when themedicine is kept at hand, Mrs. F. F. ,Scott, Scottsville, N. Y., states, "Ifirst used Chamberlain's Colic andDiarrhoea Remedy as much as fiveyears ago. At that time I had a severe attack of summer complaint andwas suffering intense pain. One doserelieved me. Other members of myfamily have since used it with likeresults." j(aug-adv) 1fe feWe should all profit by our mistakes, but success is largely a matterof profiting the most by the fewestmistakes. ' iFor Sale.Buick Roadster;good condition.Bargain for cash.Also two yearling mules.J. T. SWEENEY,Cumb. Phone 479 Box 206,Home Phone 358 Paris, Ky.(7-3t)FOR SALEA good 6-year-old gelding. Gooddriver, perfectly gentle, not -afraid ofanything. Will stand without hitching. Can be bought at a bargain.E. M. WHEELER,(22-tf) Eighth and Main, Paris, Ky.LOST.At the L. & N. Tenth Street passenger station in Paris, or on thestreets of Paris, a silver mesh bagcontaining two tickets to Maysville,a ring, a photo of a young girl, and$2 in currency. Finder please returnto this office and receive reward.Scrap Iron Wanted.I am paying fifty cents per hundredfor all kinds of scrap iron. Not leasthan 1,000 pounds. This material canbe weighed at ancity scales. This tto be relivered to the cars on the Loulsville & Nashville tracks, oppositthe freight depot.' Gall us over the Cumberland 'phon147-J." MAX MUNICH,EigHth Strttt, Parii, Ky. ,(ocat-lyr)y f tEverybodyKnowsHendricksTelephone 2585 Lexington, Ky.All Metal(Higgins Mfg. Co.)Window ScreensWeather StripsWALGER AWNINGSBest Screen Doors and Windows InThe World.Window and Door Equipments.T. A. HENDRICKS' Office and Residence, 264 Rand AvenueLEXINGTON, KY.ELIMINATEYOUR WORRIESHigh cost of living, warm weather andscarcity of labor is a condition where aHOME TELEPHONEin your residence at reasonable rates andcourteous treatment to all would eliminate a good portion .of the worries attributed to this cause.Call at our office or telephone 427, 411 or320 and place your order.Paris Home Telephone S TeleM Go.(Incorporated)J. J. VEATCH,District Manager.For RentThree-room flat, witk bath.CallHome Phon 202 or apply atBUSY BEE' CASH STORE.IW. H. CANNON,Local 'Manager.forrenWtA'Beautifulstreet. All(T3t)brickjBMtftamCottacfr.fi HighdMiroTtmeBtS''THEFAIR.'&t11Vi.'FHIDAY, AUGUST 10, 1917.THE BOURBOH NEWS, PARIS, KY.-PAGEIfts4fi.WOMAN COULDHARDLY STANDRestored to Health by LydiaE. Pinkham's VegetableCompound.mirtifitiiiitii itf fflfe&fFulton, N. Y. "Why will women; Day out their money for treatment andreceive no benefit,when so many haveproved that LydiaE. Pinkham's Vegetable Compoundwill make themwell? For over ayear I suffered sofrom female weakness I could hardlystand and wasafraid to go on thestreet alone. Doctors said medicineswere useless and only an operationwould help me, but Lydia E. Pinkham'sVegetable Compound has proved itotherwise. I am now perfectly welland can do any kind of work." Mrs.Nellie Phelps, care of R. A. Rider,R.F.D. No. 5, Fulton, N. Y.We wish every woman who suffersfrom female troubles, nervousness,backache or the blues could see the letters written by women made well by Ly"dia E. Pinkham's Vegetable Compound.If you have bad symptoms and do notunderstand the cause, write to theLydia E. Pinkham Medicine Co., Lynn,Mass., for helpful advice given free.PLANS FOR SCHOOLING IN WARQUESTIONSSOCIAL AND PERSONAL.Comings and Goings of OurPeople Here; There and-Elsewhere.visitingGUARD,-AGAINST TUBERCULOSIS.Tii i mm 1 1 1 in in win mh i im i n in ihmi i int n i u i ntThe State Board of Education isasking the people of the State to joinin the propaganda of better informing the citizenship on four vitalquestions relating to the war:First The cause of the war andthe reason for our participation in it.Second The military 'needs of thecountry.Third The economic needs of thecountry.Fourth International arrangements after the war.That the schools may render theirhighest and most patriotic service, aswell as the greatest educational value, the State Board of Education isurging that all institutions of learning in the State do all-in their powerto further a better understanding ofthe four propositions. In order thatthis may be done systematically andeffectively, the State Board of Education, orders that Patriotic Day provided for in the Institute Syllabus beobserved and emphasized by allTeacher's Institutes; that all teachers shall on the first day of school,or as soon thereafter as advisablehold patriotic exercises for the benefit of the community, to arouse thepeople to a realization of their dutyto the Government, and to thus prepare for a universal national patriotic day, to be proclaimed by thePresident and the National Commissioner of Education, some time during the fall term of school.The Board also emphasizes the factthat it is necessary to keep the boysand girls in school, as this countrydoes not want to fall into the errormade by France and England ofcrippling their educational system.3S JS fePREE LIST SUSPENDED; NOTICETO THE PUBLIC.No more free copies of the BOURBON NEWS.No more free copies of the Ken-tuckian-Citizen.No more free conies of the ParisDemocrat." Single copies of paper five centseach.The high cost of all materials thatenter into the production of newspapers compel the publishers as amatter of self-protection and economy to adopt this course.Subscribers who fail to receivetheir paper, and advertisers whosecontracts include the paper, will bepromptly supplied.SWEPT CHAMP,Publisher BOURBON NEWS.BRUCE MILLER,Publisher Kentuckian-Citizen.WM. REMINGTON,Publisher Paris Democrat.July 27, 1917.EX I ISCHRONIC CONSTIPATION.It is by no paeans an. easy matterto cure this disease, but it can bedone in most instances by takingChamberlain's Tablets and complyingwith the plain printed directions thataccompany each package.(aug-adv)Miss Elsie Jacoby isfriends in Mt. Vernon, Ky.Miss Helen Cain has as guestMiss Mildred Surran, of Newport.Miss Sena Rion is a guest ofMrs. Robert Ogden, in Winchester.Miss Jonie Cain attended themillinery openings in Cincinnati thisweek.Mrs. L. B. Baldwin is a guest offriends and relatives in Bluff City,Virginia.Miss Freida Heller has as guestMiss Helen Faucett, of Earlington,Kentucky.Miss "Margaret Shea is a guestof Miss May Liston, of Frontstreet, Maysville.Mrs. Anna Pierce, of Cincinnati,is visiting her sister, Mrs. E. C.Kiely, and family.Mr. Ernest Powell, of Ewing,is the guest of his brother, Mr. W.C. Powell, on Harmon street.Miss Fannie Heller left Wednesday for a visit to Mr. and Mrs. Martin Heller, in Vanceburg.Miss Irene Bramblette is entertaining as guests Misses Louise andFlorence Berry, of Cynthiana.Miss Hilda Threlkeld, of Maysville, is a guest of Mrs. EdwardPrichard, on East Seventh street.Miss Emily Fisher, of Georgetown, is a guest of her cousin, MissNancy Belle Fisher, in this city.Miss Florejice Fee left Wednesday for a visit to her aunt, Mrs. Samuel Herrin, in Washington, D. C.Miss Julia Lair has returned toher home in Cynthiana, after a visitto Mr. and Mrs. John W. Larkin.Mr. Fred Wood has gone to hisold home at Tupelo, Miss., for a tendays' visit to friends and relatives.Mrs. W. V. Shaw has returnedfrom a visit to friends and relativesin Butler, Ky., and in Cincinnati, O.Misses Martha Haggard andRuth Pinnell, of Winchester, areguests of Miss Agnes Turner, nearParis.Mrs. Julia Houston left Tuesdayfor Pensacola, Okla., to visit herdaughter, Mrs. George Adair and Mr.Adair.Miss Clara Belle Kendall, of Lexington, is a guest of Miss AliceEwalt, at her home on Railroadstreet.Mr. and Mrs. A. J. Witt haye returned to their home in Lexington,after a visit to Mr. and Mrs. GeorgeEllis, near Paris.Mr. and Mrs. T. J. Lucas, ofIndianapolis, Ind., are guests of theformer's parents, Mr. and Mrs. SquireLucas, near Paris.Misses Nannette Wallingford.and Mildred Lisle are guests of MissJane Logan, in Lexington, this week,during the Blue Grass fair.Mr. Harry Saloshin has returnedto his home in Cincinnati after avisit to his mother, Mrs. Louis Saloshin, and family, in this city.Mrs. Clarence Wills and daughters, Misses Katherine and Clarine,and little son, Sherrill, were guestsof relatives at Carlisle this week.Mr. Marion Douglass, of Middietown. was a guest this week ofhis parents, Mr. and Mrs. James S.Douglass, at their home on Mainstreet.Mrs. George Mosey and childrenhave returned to their home in Greenfork, Ind., after a visit to Mr. andMrs. Chas. Monson. They were accompanied by Mrs. Monson and children. Mr. and Mrs.' John Wilder havemoved to Lexington, o reside in thefuture, Mr. Wilder, who has been inpoor health for some months, will beunder treatment of a specialist inLexington.Mrs. Stanton Rummans anddaughter, Miss Edna Earl, andniece, Miss Scott Ecton, of Winchester, have gone to Detroit, Mich.,for an extended visit to Mrs. McKinley Owens, and other relatives.Mrs. M. J. Murphy and twodaughters, Misses Katherine andMary Murphy, and Miss Grace Haskins, left Wednesday with the Bowmar tourist party for a trip to NiagraFalls, and other points of interest in.the East.Mr. and Mrs. Thomas E. Cainentertained at their home on Seventhstreet last Sunday evening with a sixo'clock dinner, complimentary totheir cousin, Miss Mary C. Cain, ofWheeling, West Virginia, who is visiting in Paris. The house was veryattractively decorated with the season's flowers, and a very enjoyabletime was spent by all present. Theguests departed for their homes voting Mr. and Mrs. Cain most agreeable host and hostess. Covers werelaid for the following guests:Misses Mary E. Cain, (Wheeling, W.Va.), Mary Ann McCarthy, KatieEurke, Helen Cain, Mildred Surran,(Newport, Ky.), Nelle HermanCain; Mesdames John Pete Cain,Robert Cain, Thomas E. Cain;Messrs. George Doyle, Jos. Lavin, T.C. Lenihan, Thom. E. Cain; Masters,'Joe Cain, John T. Cain, EdmondCain, Roger J. Cain.(Other Personals on Page 5.))sa te WiOne can hardly look over a singleState paper without seeting one ormore accounts of deaths -from tuberculosis and to feel that had the proper precautions been taken or properrules of living observed that theselives might have been saved for usefulness, instead of falling victims ofuntimely graves. A particularly sadcase is noted from Richmond. Awell-known young man of that citywent to France in the fall of 1915and enlisted with the Allies. Therewas probably no attention, paid bythe examining physicians for tuberculosis tendencies. The young manspent the winter following in thetrenches and sometimes was up to hiswaist in water and ice for two days ,at a time. Such conditions were suretn rlpvplnn tTiA Intpnf wrmfj and thfin.. T".T1 !, xil.,-u 5lieAL spiiug iuuiiu mm in an Duguauhospital invalided with tuberculosis. !He finally secured a passport back toc . u , "-"-" Jnis arrival nome. iaa tne exammaTwin Bros. Department StoreWE CLOSE AT 5 P. M. EXCEPT SATURDAYS AND COURT DAYSClearance SalePricesLadies' Gowns, allsize69cWAyPdyizSMJbrp&XternsLadies' HatsChildren's Hats....$1.00.....50cLadies Hose... 15c and upLawns, many beautiful designs ..12c yd.Dress Goods29c and 39c yd.Curtain Scrim 10c yd.tion for tuberculosis been rigid the! Corsets, all sizes, $1.25young man would likely not have and 5Q yalues ggcbeen accepted for service and being !Texempt from strain and rigors oftrench life might never have developed the disease. To guard againstsuch cases the State Tuberculosis jCommission is bendins: everv effort 4and if the advice of the physicians isfollowed, there will be very few ofthem in the United States army. Theexperience of France and other nations should teach the necessity ofkeeping our army free of the diseaseby accepting no man with tendencyto it, as he is sure to develop it,which will render him incapable forservice, besides infecting many others. Eternal vigilance in the mattermay prevent the most serious consequences. JE3 J53 P5A REGULAR KAISERNOHOMEPATTERNCOSTS OVERA CiofllUSTRATCQ tTHELADIES'HOMEJOURNAL'STYLISHPERFECT-FITTINGASY TO USEHome Pattern 1099 Illustratesthe very newest skirt; only 2 yardsat lower edge. Two-gored model.Price, 15 cents.Clearance SalePricesSuits up to $22.20at $9.50Waists from 49cupWash Skirts, allwhite 79cSilk Skirts, all sizes andpatterns $3.50 upSport Hats, in allshapes and colors,newest designs39c upFancy Silk Hosiery,in stripes and solidcolors 59ci?Ladies' Home Journal Patterns, None Over 15c:..i..i.-!'v':i:-?'i"i'i"i"i"i'?'i'ii:':"?'i,i"i"i''i iiiiitH't"The Kaiser is a queer customer,"said Jacob Schiff, New York bankerand philanthropist, during a CooperUnion debate, according to the Washington Star. "The more the Germanpeople ask of him the less he givesthem."The way the Kaiser has treatedthe German people about this business of universal suffrage reminds meof the Blue Mill."The hands of the Blue Mill, youknow, waited on the owner and toldhim they wanteds shorter hours." 'Very good,' said the owner.'Your wish shall be granted, men.We'll begin with shorter dinnerhours.' "fcS )ES ISPerhaps it is possible to be toocareful. Some people who believe inhaving everything in its place can'tfind the place.POLICEMAN'S "BELLY" BECOMESA WHISTLE.The inventors have discoveredthat the ordinary hardwood club ofthe policeman is not so efficient as itlooks.James A. Byrne, of West Orange,N. J., has been struck by the fact,says the Popular Science Monthly,that when an officer clutches a prisoner with one hand and his club withthe other he is not in a position totake his whistle from his pocket.Mount a whistle on the end of hisclub and the problem is solved. Thewhistle, is inserted in the handle ofthe club; an opening near the toppermits the escape of air when thewhistle is blown. Both the neck andthe mouthpiece of the whistle projectbeyond the handle end of the club,but they are concealed from view bya cap held in position by a springcatch. If the policeman wishes toblow the whistle in an emergency hepushes a push button and the capflies back, exposing the whistle toview.E3J1IJJLUN43.1UEM H i'l ! ! ! ! ! ! ! 4- !' -I '! ! ! ! ! ! ! 4' !' 1 1 ! fI"I' ! ! ! ! 4' 'I !' !. ! ! ! ! .Ii j. .j. ! ! ! ! ! ! -I"!' ! 'I"I-! ! -j ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! 'I"I-! 'I-I- II"l"I"i"I,tllllI 1 1 f 1 1 1IE. M.It v3-Burner, $19.00WHEELER'SSpecial CashNOW GOING ONBIGwcilGaris Home SchoolWill OpenMonday, September 3, 19117Mrs. W. A- Harp, Director.Miss E. D. Giltner, DirectorMusic.ofYrw Idiscouracci,lYneniJOujecicotLfvicd,r-IL:"Lc"'"wrirsNERVEItINEFILLS: They renew the normal vigor andmir Vxf wnrth lmoff.e Be we wi k i otMJtf. NeruiTPilU gfeftCSwniiMiirr ro rur- '"" wHIGH SCHOOLS TEACH AGRICULTURE IN KENTUCKY.Of the 376 high schools in Kentucky, 178 teach agriculture, eightyteach home economics and fifty-ninemanual training. The number ofhigh school students has increased150 per cent, since 1911, accordingto a preliminary report by Prof. McHenry Roads, supervisor.$4;00 Boss OvenA JUST JUDGE.A Louisville judge fined a man ?10and the trimmings for keeping adog whose nightly barks and howlsmarie HtpA nature's sweet restorerout of the question to the neighbors.Just and considerate judge, may histribe increase!Some men believe in the divineHrfct of others tofiKht 'for their$&T5'25 PER CENT. OFFALL SUMMER GOODSSuch as Refrigerators, Ice BoxesPorch Furniture,Oil Stoves,OvensPorch Rugs, 6x9Rattinnia...." $6.009x12 Brussels Rugs '. $15.00 up to $22.009x12 Axminster Rugs $32.00 up to $45.00Bedroom Suits 20 per cent off $25.00 up to $100.00Genuine Quartered Sawed Oak 100.00 CircassianWalnut Suit $80.00Red Gum Suit $60.00Imitation Quartered Suit, Oak $25.00Dining Room Furniture 20 PerCent. Off.154-inch Top Table, Oak $35.00160-ihch Buffet, Oak..; $41-001 China Closet, Oak, 3 mirrors in back $48-001 Fumed Oak Pedestal Table. 45-inch top $2$-001 Fumed Oak 60-inch Buffet $27.50Serving Tatle to match $ltii01 FumeoVOak China Closet $27.50We have Chairs to match in Fumed Oak at $2.75THIS IS ALL QUEEN ANNE STYLE.Come Atand Get FirstPick.E. n. 1HBBLEREighth and Min Sts. RobneerBriiWinj.CIBSOHREFRIGERATORS$9.352-in. Post, $9.00$2&00 -'::miiJ-vnniMrfVLTl&vr9tf-lllllllllltlMlllllllllllllllllMtMIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIMIMIIMMIIIIIIIMIltlMlirillllllllllIM,Ucountry. .- x-4T-FRIDAY, AUGUST 10, 1S1TfrJgHC FOP&THE TOURBOH NEWSPARIS, KY--JuThe Bourbon NewsVttabllshed 186136 Years of Contlnions Publication.Bubllched Every Tuesday and Friday.Pr Year... $2.00 Six Months... $1.00Payable in Advance.WIFT CHAMP, Editor and Owner.Entered at the Paris, Kentucky,Postoffice as Mail Matter of theSecond Glass.)DON'T'HAMPER THE FARMER.Before 3, year has passed nearly amillion men now engaged in productive occupations will be called to thecolors -in the war for humanity anddecency. About a fourth of this number will 'probably be drawn from agricultural pursuits, cattle raising andthe like. This will put a strain onour farmers, who have been urgedto do 'everything in their power tomake their lands yield their maximum possible return. Our farmershave responded nobly to the nation'scall for all the food they can produce, but of what use is it to producefood supplies if they can not be delivered to market? Corn that staysin the farmers' cribs, as it was heldfor months during last winter inmany parts of the corn belt, doesnobody any good. Wheat that stayson the farms of Kansas as it stayedlast winter helps only the rats. Whatis the -sense of the railroads cuttingdidos with the transportation system of the country, if the feeders ofthe Tailroads, our public roads toshipping points, are to be negelectedso that the good work of the farmersis rendered of little avail by inability to get the stuff from the landinto the cars? There are a few hysterical persons in office who seem tothink that good roads are a luxurybecause their grandfathers did nothave them. They forget that theirgrandfathers did not have to feed100,000,000 American mouths, notto mention a lot of hungry onesamong the 46,000,000 people ofGreat Britain and Ireland and the40,0T)T),000 of France. All grandfather "had to do was to supply foodfor 23,000,000 persons. His waysare edifying to read about hut worthless to copy now. Why hamper thefarmer who is workingi from dawnto dusk to help win the war by making him try to haul our food suppliesover iroads that grandfather knewvery well were wretched?1 IS feUSE GAS.Why buy coal to cook with at theexorbitant -price that prevails? Usegas; ifs Cheaper and not so disagreeable to work over. Try it andyou will never go back to coal.Phone us and we will attend to itfor you.PARIS GAS & ELECTRIC CO., Inc.(7-2ti)WISCONSIN COLLEGE WANTS DR.GANHELD.Dr. W. A. 'Ganneld, President ofCenter College, Danville, who hasoften spoken in Paris in pulpit andpublic beniicence work, has been offered the presidency of Carroll College, at Waukesba, Wisconsin, tosucceed Dr. W. O. Carrier, resigned.Dr. Ganfield was formerly a memberof the Carroll College faculty. He-will appear before the Board of Trustees of the Gollege to-day.SCOCarry the Ansco VestPocket No. 0 in your pocketas you do your watch, and byfollowing directions you willmiss but few good "shotsIt is the only self-openingcamera in the world. Pressthe buttons and the camerafront jumps out ready for use.See ourline of AnscoCameras, SpeedexFilm, Cyko Paper andupf&M.Tfae Sign ef theAaica DeaferBROOKS & SNAPPDRUG CO.The Penslar StoreANCAMERAS &SPEEpEXMLMrmJk HffllfflfaiEnk Tift ' 'MiEXEMPTION BOARD IN SESSIONContinued, from Page 1.)Isaac L. Brown, physically unfit,discharged.Hiram Roseberry, physically unfit,claims exemption, industrial worker.Minner Shaw, physically fit,claims exemption, wife.Harvey Henry, physcally fit,claims exemption, wife.Walter Jones, physically fit, claimsexemption, farmer.Harold C. Hill, physically fit, claimsexemption, wife,claims exemption, farmer,claims exemption, wife.Stanley Vaughn, physically fit,claims exemption, farmer.Roland S. Carmichael, physicallyfit, claims exemption, wife.L. R. Jones, physically fit, claimsexemption, farmer.Teddy Shannon, physically fit,Jas. Toohey, physically fit-, claimsJas. Toohey, physically fit, claimsexemption, wife.Hargis H. Bonta, physically fit,claims exemption, wife,Strandie Rison, physically fit,claims exemption, wife.Ghent B. Wilson, physically fit,claims exemption, farmer.Henry Cornelius Roe, physicallyfit, claims exemption, father.Edwin T. Proctor, discharged.John Collier, physically fit, claimsexemption, wife.Robt. Cain, physically fit, claimsexemption, wife.Jim Ed. Berry, discharged.John Mack, discharged.Hans Fryman, discharged.Chas. Dickerson, physically fit,claims exemption, industrial.Oscar Hinton, physically fit, claimsexemption, wife.Richard Henson, physically fit,claims exemption, wife.Ire Hedges, physically fit, claimsexemption, wife and children.Logan Ayers, physically fit, claimsexemption, wife.James Laughlin, physically fit,claim exemption, wife.Oscar Rankin, physically fit, claimsexemption, wife.Nathan Linville, physically fit,claims exemption, wife.Walter Hanley, physically fit,claims exemption, wife.Nathan Fight, physically fit, claimsexemption, mother and father.Earl Plummer, physically fit,claims exemption, wife.Wm. Carmine, physically fiit, claimsexemption, wife.Col. Webb, physically fit, claimsexemption, wife.Theodore Carter, physically fit,claims exemption, wife.Wm. Jolly, discharged.Geo. Mitchell, physically fit, noexemption claimed.Isiah Downey, physically fit, no exemption claimed.Adam Dudley, physically fit, no exexemption claimed.Dennis Allen, physically fit, no exemption claimed.Percy Thomas, physically fit, noexemption claimed.John Stegall, physically fit, claimsexemption, wife.Wm. Wilson, discharged.Wm. Buckner, physically fit,claims exempion, wife.Wm. Letton, physically fit, claimsexemption, mother.Ollie Carter, physically fit, claimsexemption, mother.- Jas. Cantrill, physically fit, claimsexemption, wife. g$Jas. McBride, physically fit, no exemption claimed.Wm. Perrin, physically fit, no exemption claimed.Robert Delaney, physically fit,claims exemption, served six years inarmy.Elzie Woolsly, physically fit, claimsexemption, wife.Leslie Ritchie, physically fit, claimsexemption, wife.James Wilson, discharged.Will Small, physically fit. claimsexemption, wife.Andy Love, discharged, one leg off.Henry Ross, discharged. 'Only 20 per cent, of the men drafted for the national army in Kentucky and Indiana will be called fortraining at Camp Taylor early in September. The same percentage willapply at all the cantonments.The entire national army of 987,000 men will not be called to thecolors before the latter part of October. Official, though informal, ennouncement of this fact was made byofficers in the Provost Marshal General's office, who explained that insurmountable difficulties make it impossible to get the entire army intotraining before the close of October.The men at Camp Taylor will bein training for approximately tenjmrvntTis qt1 if ics rmf lilrolv "hof Vnvr. " . ' 7 . . "- - - wwill oe ready to board transports forEurope before September 1, 1918.The machinery of drafting will becompleted by the last of August andthe Provost Marshal General will beleady at that time to meet any callby the Secretary of War for the fullquota of men sought under the draft.As far as the work of this office isconcerned, the men could be movedto the cantonments by September 1,the original date set for the beginning of training.E3 T fcsA CARD FROM MR. TATJL.To The Democratic Voters of Bourbon County:Not being able to see each of youpersonally, I desire, through thesecolumns, to express my heartfeltthanks to all of my many friends who,in any way, contributed to my latevictory in the race for the nomination for Jailer, and to assure you thatI shall try to so conduct ,the officethat no one will have cause to complain of misplaced confidence.Respectfully yours,(It) THOS. TAUL.m m mA womanly woman never has occa- jsion to complain of the scarcity ofmanly men.PROMPT ACTION.SAVES LIVES OFBATHERS.Three bathers who has gotten beyond their depth in Stoner Creeklast Monday afternoon were savedfrom drowning by the presence ofmind and ready assistance of Mr.Elgin West, an employe of the Louisville & Nashville.Mr. Jesse Hodge had been teaching Mrs. Jack Owsley and Mrs. RhodaBlount, neighbors, the rudiments ofthe swimming art. In her zeal Mrs.Blount waded out a little bit too farin the creek, and went into a "stepoff," where the creek bank takes asudden slant into the water. As shewent under she grasped Mr. Hodgeand Mrs. Owsley, who were by herside and all three went down. Mrs.Owsley and Mr. Hodge tried in vainto break the frenzied woman's hold,and only succeeded in going- downwith her the second time. As theywere going under again Mr. Westwho was close by, came to their assistance, and by strategy, succeededin getting hold of Mrs. Blount,breaking her hold on the others, andunaided, bringing the three exhaust-:ed bathers to safety.West's action and his unassistedrescue of three drowning peopleplaces him in line for a Carnegiemedal, and surely none was evermore deserved.1 E3 fe"LIFESAVING" BREATHING DEVICE INSTALLED.Mr. George W. Davis has equippedhis Winton-Six automobile with aLungmotor, a life-saving device usedto resuscitate those apparently deadfrom gas poisoning, electric shock,drowning, asphyxia of the new-born,collapse during anaesthesia, etc.This wonderful device will be a partof the ambulance equipment at alltimes. By its use four lives weresaved during the disastrous fire inthe Frankfort penitentiary someweeks ago, and it has been the meansof restoring to life many hundredsof people apparently dead fromdrowning or suffocated by gas.This wonderful device is at yourdisposal day or night. Telephone uswhen an accident occurs. In case ofan accident call either phone 137, inthe daytime, and at nigbt either 299or 999. You are invited to call andbecome familiar with the Lungmotor.It may be the means sometime of saving your life. The Lungmotor is theonly resuscitating device used by theUnited States Government and over4,000 cities, "hospitals, utilities companies, etc. The Good Samaritanand the St. Joseph bospitals, in Lexington, and the city of Lexingtoneach have one. (It)fcftH!PRENTICE SLADE BREAKS INTONEWSPAPERDOM. .Mr. Prentice Slade, ofLexington,well-known as society leader anddance promotor, and as well-knownin Paris as in his borne town, has become a full-fledged cartoonist andnewspaper man. Mr. Slade is a member of the Naval Reserve Corps, andis stationed at Newport, R. I. He iseditor of The Reservist, an illustrated publication devoted to the interests of the men enlisted in the United States Navy.Mr. Slade's contribution to the paper is a cartoon entitled, "Beforeand After," and depicts a "jellybean," as the new recruit is styled,grinning as an officer passes him. Inthe second picture he is shown in auniform when the sophisticated swellis standing at attention and comingto a full salute. The cartoon is accompanied by a first page featurestory one and one-half columns inlength.Mr. Slade is a son of Mr. R. L.Slade, of Lexington, and is a graduate of the School of Journalism conducted by Mr. Enoch Grehan, formerly of the Lexington Herald, andnow the brilliant paragrapher onthat paper. He has. had considerableexperience as a cartonist, and wasfor some time connected with theMemphis Commercial-Appeal.la fe EaCARD FROM MR. BATTERTON.To The Democratic Voters of Bourbon County:It will be impossible for me to seeeach voter in person who supportedme in my race last Saturday, and Itherefore take this method to thankeach and every one who voted orworked in my behalf. I appreciatetheir efforts and their votes, and Iwill show my appreciation, if electedthis autumn, by endeavoring to makethem a useful servant and officer.I have no enmity toward anyonewho voted or worked against me andtherefore can discharge the duties ofthe office of County Judge free fromprejudice or ill will.I thank each one who stood by me,and I am greatful to you for thehonor bestowed upon me.(It) GEORGIT BATTERTON.IBI te !lCARD FROM MR. ERNEST MARTINI take this method of extendingmy thanks to the Democrats of Parisfor their votes, bestowing on me thenomination for Police Judge of Paris.In return for this nomination,, Ipromise, if elected, to the office thisfall, to exert every effort to fill theoffice of Police Judge impartially,justly and with the thought uppermost in my mind to dispense justicefor the good of all our people.Respectfully,(It) . ERNEST MAltTIN.MR. WECKESSER ELECTED HEADjjOF ASSOCIATION.At the regular meeting of the Grocers' and Butchers' Association of"Rmirhon county, held at the courthouse last Monday night, Mr. FredWeckesser, of the Busy Bee CashStore, was elected president, and Mr.j William Grannan, secretary-treasurerof the organization. The new officerswill serve for a term of one year.By-laws adopted for the organization provide that meetings shall beheld twice a month, and that anymember who has a debt which is twomonths or longer past due, shall report the name of the debtor to thesecretary and the reason why thedebt has not been paid. The secretary will then take legal steps to collect it. He will also compile a listof bad-paying customers once amonth, and furnish a copy to eachmember of the Association.Each member is pledged not toopen an account with any personwhose name is on the "delinquent"list until that person has made satisfactory arrangements with the merchant to whom he is indebted.It is the plan of the Association toenroll in its membership all merchants and professional men in Pariswho are doing a credit business. Acommittee composed of Messrs. CarlieWilmoth, Logan Howard and L. R.Bramblette, was appointed by thepresident to solicit members. Theannual dues for membership havebeen fixed at ?6.00. At the nextregular meeting, to be held in thecourt house Monday night, the Association will decide on a permanentmeeting place.tsa lai feB-4- FIREInsure withW.O. HINTON &SON,AgtsEa la fe$5,000LIVERY STABLE FIRE INLEXINGTON.Damage estimated at $5,000, wascaused in Lexington, Monday, by afire which threatened for a while todestroy the livery and sale stable ofL. J. Cassidy. The blaze originatedin the rear part of the second floorin a large quantity of hay and straw.Nine horses were burned to death. Agreat amount of feed, and a largenumber of buggies, wagons andhorses went up in the flames. Theloss was partly covered by insurance.In fighting the flames Mr. Cassidywas overcome by smoke and had anarrow escape from suffocation.Fire, Wind and LightningInsurance.Thomas, Woodford & Bryan.fe a teTO CAMP AT B00NESB0R0.The following party will leaveParis to-day for Boonesboro, wherethey will camp in a cottage for tendays: Mrs. Volney Ferguson, chaperone; Misses Carolyn Roseberry .Martha Ferguson, Elizabeth Steele,Rachel Wiggins, Anne Molloy andMary Downing (Lexington), CharlesClay, Hugh Ferguson, Sam ClayWp.rd, Jo. Davis, Jr., James Metcalfe,and Gus Gay, (Lexington.)The party will be comfortably established during their stay, and willspend the time in boating, bathing,fishing and having "a good time generally." l la sA CARD FROM MR. JOHNRINGER.MER-I. desire to express my heart-feltappreciation to the Democratic voters 'of Paris for electing me to thecity" council from the First Ward, andI assure them that I will keep mypledges made before the election tostrive for the betterment and upbuilding of Paris.A native and life-long citizen ofParis, I will do all in my power to seethat she takes her rightful place atthe head of all other towns her sizein Central Kentucky. It will be myearnest endeavor to so conduct myself in office that no one will havecause to be sorry that he voted forme.Respectfully,(It) JOHN MERRINGER.fe IQ 153CARD FROM MR. GEO. HON.I wish to thank my friends fortheir hearty support in the primarylast Saturday, and to assure one andall that their vote and influence isvery much appreciated. When I takemy seat in the next General Assembly as your representative, I will domy utmost to carry out every pledgemade in my platform, and trust thatwhen my term expires you will haveno reason to regret the cordial support' given me in my race for thenomination.Gratefully yours,CEORGE HON.PS PB FBICARD FROM MR. LINK.I desire to express my sincere appreciation of the loyal support accorded me in the primary held lastSaturday. To the voters of Paris Iam deeply grateful for their support.The faithful and untiring efforts ofmy intimate friends and workers isa source of gratification to me. I willtry and deserve the high complimentpaid me Saturday by endeavoring tofill the office of Chief of Police ofParis with credit both to myself andto those who voted for me.Respectfully,(It)W. FRED LINK.ComingAttractionsPARISTUESDAYWm. S. Hart in"The SquareDeal Man"Popular Players in"The Tunerof Notes"Triangle Comedy.Pearl white in the 7thepisode of "Peari of theArmy. " Also P a t h eWeekly News No. 59.'Hours Alamo, 2 to 5:30; Paris Grand,7 to 1 0:30, Admission S and 1 0c.PAINTAt Less than PresentWholesale Cost!To close out about $150 worthof strictly first class paint weoffer:1 -gallon cansatHalf-gallon cansatQuart cansatPint cansat... .$2.00$1.0050c25cAll Varnishes and Stains atEqual Reductions.BusyBeeCashStore"The Store For Daily Bargains"MccormickmowersHave Stood The Test(ei aAnd You'llWE HAVE AG. 2. Bill GarageCor. Fourth and, t ').GRAND AND ALAiSATURDAYEarl Williams in the Blue Ribbon,feature,"The Stolen Treaty"Produced by Vitagraph. x"Chumps and Chances," is a Big Vcomedy that is full of "pep."MONDAY.Jack Pickford, the talented brotherof Mary Pick ford, in"The Dummy99From the celebrated play of the samtjname. Produced by Famous Players.Also Paramount Pictograph and Victor Moore in a good one-reel comedy.MflRGOLEN'SSPECIALS 'For This WeekBest Parlor Matches rper box 3CAll brands Soapper bar. , "CBest High Grade Coffee 9Crper pound LoZBest Green Teas 7flper pound "C3 boxes Babbett's " Lye rfor JCMeats, EtcMflRGOLEN'SSanitary Meat MarketMcCormickHave The BestLARGE STOCKPloatant fif.iiv fcvr &Vl4- -v, -&K. 'jr&s?ly4 jOfv- ''-fxzAS -TZ..,a.sa J:X.$?u! - fl,t. ,3.. -r JVCf.58fV4.hi'"tt 'Jfa-yi fvVtS "li-,..? ,'j?awi'.IfY"FRIDAY, AUGUST 10, 1917.THE BOUJtBON NEWS, PAMS KY.PACT FTWiSOCIAL AND PERSONAL.'ALL MEN ARE LIARS.":ikFOR THE BESTNOTHING ELSEComings and Goings of OurPeople Here, There andElsewhere.TO TAX PAYERS.Tax receipts of the city for 1917are now in the hands of City Collector Clarence Thomas, at the DepositRank. Call and pay them now.J. T. HINTON,(anglO-tf) Mayor.fe 153 ISCHEAP MEAT.Think of it!per pound.Nice hams at 30 centsC. P. COOK & CO.Es feRED CROSS SEWING.The Red Cross sewing room, in theWilson building, at- the corner ofMain and Third streets, was occupied yesterday by the members of theW. C. T. U., "who made up a largenumber of garments and hospitalsupplies for the Red Cross work.jg '2 ?3CLASS IN STENOGRAPHYThe Girls' Honor Guard Class inStenography, which is receiving instruction in short hand and bookkeeping meets each Tuesday and Friday mornings at nine o'clock in theCity School building. Miss NannieBrent O'Neill is instructor of theclass.ts s mRACK PROM CAMP.The following party has returnedfrom Camp Kavanaugh, at Crestwood, near Louisville, where theyhave been attending a MissionaryConference of the Methodist church:Mrs. H. A. Power, Misses Sara Power,Elizabeth Wheeler, Frances Hancockand Olivia Orr, of Paris, and MissMarv Clark, of Winchester.EaE3 a-GOES TO WASHINGTON.Miss Mabel Estes, of Paris, willleave Sunday for "Washington, D. C,where she will take a position in theoffice of the National Council of Defense, as stenographer. Miss Estesis a graduate of the class of '15 ofthe Paris High School, and for thepast two years has been stenographerin the office of Dr.-Martha Petree.fe fe IS? IN NEW POSITION."Miss Mae Shannon has taken a position as bookkeeper and stenographer with the Southwestern Petroleum Company, with headquarters inLexington. Miss Shannon has beenteacher of the Deaver School on theJackstown pike for three years, resigning recently after being re-elected.She is a sister of Mr. TeddyShannon, of the Paris Democrat.JB1 B BSTRAW HATS HALF PRICE.A choice selection of Sennetts andSplit Yachts. Your size here.J. W. DAVIS & CO.STOCKHOLDERS ELECT OFFICERSAt a meeting of the stockholders ofthe Peoples' Loose Leaf Tobacco"Warehouse Company, held in Carlisle, the following directors wereelected for the ensuing year: J. W.Burns, H. Kennedy, Jesse Turney,James Higgins, William Ledford, Elmer Berry, W. D. Mclntyre, JamesMitchell, Senator C. W. Mathers andC. C. Cole.m i iMULES KILLED BY CAR.A loaded car being shunted on aside track near the E. F. Spears &Sons flour mills Wednesday struckand killed a pair of mules valued atover $500, belonging to the firm.The mules were hitched to a wagonload of wheal, which was being unloaded. The driver had -pulled histeam across the track in order to geta better set at the car. The switching crew sent the car on the trackbefore the dirver noticed it. Themules were killed and the wagon demolished. fe 1 1SAVE LABOR USE ELECTRICITY.Save labor and time by using electricity to wash and iron with. It'scheaper and decided an improvementover the old-time way. You'll neverknow co'mfort these hot days unlessyou have an electric fan. See us atonce, we can fill your wants.PARIS GAS & ELECTRIC CO., Inc.(7-2t))S 1QI feWOMAN'S HOSPITAL BOARDSEEKS DONATIONS.Miss Marion Shipp, of Lexington, is a guest of Mr. and Mrs. WmM. Talbott.Miss Aileen O'Neill, of Richmond, is a guest of Miss Soula Davis,on High street.Mrs. Margaret Johnson andmother, of Tazewell, Virginia, are visiting relatives near Paris.Mrs. Julian Frank has returnedfrom a visit to Mr. and Mrs. MiltonC. Browning, in Cleveland, Ohio.Miss Sadie Aker has returned toher home in Lexington after a visitto Miss Susie Ashurst, on Pleasantstreet.Mr. J. T. Dykes is visiting hisdaughter, Mrs. Alice Lisle, and hisson, Patrolman J. T. Dykes, in "Winchester. Mrs. "W. N. Jurey, of Pewee Valley, is a guest of her brothers, Mr.J. S. "Wilson, and Mr. D. C. "Wilsonand families.Misses Lillian and Ruth Gilley,of Owensboro, are guests of Mr. andMrs. J. J. Davidson, and Mrs. JohnGraves on High street.Miss Anna Fox, of Middlesboro,is a guest of her mother, Mrs. E. C.r.ix, at the home of Dr. "W. C. "Wilkerson, on Houston avenue.Hrs. R. T. "Wallace has returnedto her home in Lexington after a twoweeks' visit to friends and relativesin Paris and Bourbon county.Mrs. Alex. King and son, Mr.Harry King, have returned to theirhome in Richmond, after a delightful visit to friends in this city.Mr. and Mrs. Herman Edmonsonhave returned to their home in Chillicothe, Ohio, after a visit to Mr. andMrs. T. T. Templin, on South Mainstreet.Mr. Richard Sterling and Mr.Ben Reafdon, of Huntington, "WestVirginia, are guests of their aunt,Mrs. John M. Flanagan, and Mr.Flanagan.Miss Catherine Holt, of Lexington, has taken a position in theoffice of Mr. J. C. Nickerson, Roadmaster of the L. & N., as secretary inthe Paris office.Mr. and Mrs. John Toohey haveas guests at their home near Paris,Mrs. Rosa Toohey and son Norbert,of Cincinnati, and Miss Willie Slattery, of Lexington.Miss Rebecca Doehrer has returned to her old home on Highstreet. Miss Iva McCarney, Mr. andMrs. Logan Howard and little daughter have taken rooms with her.Miss Mary Elizabeth Dean hasretuned from a visit to Miss Katherine Conroy, in Mt. Sterling. Shewas accompanied home by Miss Conroy, who will be her guest for severaldays.An operation for appendicitiswas performed Monday on Mr. D. B.Smarte, at the Massie Memorial Hospital. Mr. Smarte rallied nicelyfrom the shock and is doing verynicely.Miss Genevieve Molloyt a popularand charming visitor in Paris, has returned to her home in Lexington froman extended visit to Dr. and Mrs. Jas.Mulligan, in Chicago.Miss Elizabeth Brown has returned from a visit to her aunt, Mrs.Toph, on Ashland avenue, in Lexington. "While in Lexington, MissBrown was a guest of honor at aparty given at Blue Grass Park.Mr. Owen B. Fisher, of Cleveland, Ohio, is a guest of his father,Mr. Wm. P. Fisher, at the old Bourbon College building. Mr. Fisher isa member of the Signal Corps of oneof the Ohio National Guard regiments. Mr. Marmaduke Brown left yesterday for the University of Virginia,where he will take a special courseof study. He will remain there untilSeptember 15, when he will go to aPennsylvania College for specialstudies.Miss Lena Johnson is hostess ather home on Second street to Mrs.Charles Lukuhl and Mrs. Jno. Strickney Shepherd, of Charleston, WestVirginia. The visitors will be members of a week-end house party to begiven in Lexington by Mrs. A. L.Butler.Mr. J. C. Bonfield, of Lexington, has been officiating as agent inthe Paris office of the Traction Company, in the absence of Mr. HarryJeffers. Mr. Jeffers and family areenjoying a two-weeks vacation at hisold home in Franklin county.Mr. Louis Snell, the populartraveling representative of the Lexington Dry Goods Co., who makes hisheadquarters in Paris, underwent asuccessful operation Wednesday forappendicitis at the Massie MemorialHospital in this city. Mr. Snell wasreported last night as resting verycomfortably.Mr. Daniel Drennan, of Mayslick, who has been a patient in St.Joseph's Hospital, in Lexington, forseveral weeks, following an operationfor appendicitis, has recovered sufficiently to return to his home. Mr.Drennan married Miss Ryda Thornton, sister of Mrs. Denis Dundonand Mrs. John J. Connell, of Paris.Some of the unsuccessful candidates in the recent election for cityand county offices had their faith inmankind rudely shattered when theresult of the contest became known.They were ready to agree with thePsalmist who said, "I have said inmy heart all men are liars," andwith Bill Nye, who said, "There areliars and liars." 9One candidate for: a county officewas emphatically promised by a Pariscitizen that his precinct would gosolidly for him. "When the returnscame in the candidate hadn't a votein the whole precinct. There wassome urgent telephoning to knowwhat had happened, and the explanation hasn't yet been given to thepress.Another candidate was met on thestreets Sunday morning and told byabout fifteen men that they had notcnly voted for him, but had workedhard for him. It developed upon investigation that they were railroadmen, and that they got in off theirruns too late to get to vote.A candidate for another countyoffice was met on the streets by aboutfifty people and condoled with overthe loss of the nomination. Investigation proved that three of the menhad not been near the polls, and thatone of them had been confined to hisbed on the day of the election.And we could go on indefinitelytelling of these instances that causedthe candidates to lose faith in theirfellow-beings. But, it's all over now,and we're going back to the good oldfamily feast and be all surroundedwith blessings innumerable in a larger and better Paris.)E3 15a isTYPHOID IN CARLISLE.Several cases of typhoid fever havebeen reported to the medical fraternity of Carlisle and to the CityHealth officer. Two cases in thefamily of Mr. D. M. Curry, formerlyof Paris, are under treatment.The patients, daughters of Mr. andMrs. Curry, are in charge of Mrs. Carrie F. Stone and Miss Mary Stone,trained nurses of Paris.THE FAIRFor Friday and Saturday.One-pound Butter Molds,round or square top 15cAll sizes Chair Seats,tacks included 1 0cMatting Rugs, 18x36,each 1 OcAll sizes Rubber Heels, tacksincluded, per pair 1 0cBrass Curtain or Door Rods,each 5cHeavy Tin Dish Pans, extralarge and deep, hold 21full quarts, each . , 39cPure White Enameled Preserving Kettles, Whiteenameled covers, holdabout 3 1-2 gallons. .$1,50THE FAIRTAKE AKODAK!BEGIN EARLYTO WEARI uamers::There is a large number of emptyjars in the pantries at the Massie Memorial Hospital waiting to be filled,and a request has been sent out bythe "Women's Board of the institutionfor contributions.The annual "pantry shower" forthe Hospital will be held soon, andin preparation for that event theladies desire to remind the good people of Paris and Bourbon county thatfor every jar filled with delicacies forthe patients there will be a heartyvote of thanks extended.The prevailing high cost of foodsupplies will make these contributions all the more acceptable andwelcome. The canning and dryingseason is now on, which is anotherreminder to the generous people..wp wiC --w - TiavP returned to their home nearjelliee.reeerves, marmaiaaes, or any j after a Tfalt Migs stellaThe following announcement hasbeen received:"Mr. and Mrs. Samuel W. Summersannounce the marriage of theirdaughter ,Willie Thompson, to Mr. Edward Ford Spears, on Wednesday, theeighth day of August, one thousandjiine hundred and seventeen, Paris,Kentucky."Cynthiana Democrat: "Mrs.Mary Wash is the guest of Mrs.Percy Smith, at Paris Mrs. JohnW. Taylor went to Paris, Tuesday, tobe the guest of Miss Emma Smith . . .Misses Laura and Blanche Lillestonhave returned to their home in Parisafter a visit to their cousin, Mrs. R.D. Kimb rough Dr. and Mrs. J. O.Marshall and little son, Billie, havereturned to their home after a visitto Mr. and Mrs. James J. CurieMrs. E. , C. Cleveland and childrenSnapshots of various summersports will add immensely to thefun fishing, swimming, etc.But be sure its a KODAK-"If it isn't an Eastmanit isn't a Kodak"Kodaks $5.00 upBrownie Cameras $1-00 upAlso a Full Line ofSporting GoodsSwimming Suite 75c to $5.00Water Wings 35cBathing Caps 35cDaughertyBros.Paris, KentuckyProper corsetingstarted then willguide and maintaincorrect lines throughthe years that areto come.Corse isA woman's figure can indicateher real ageor detract yearsfrom it !WARNER'S CORSETSARE DESIGNED TO TREASURE THELINES OF YOUTH!cAnd you'll not find them expensive as low as $1.00Every Corset guaranteed.HARRY SIMONOne Price To AllFOR YOUWe have for you some of the BIGGEST BARGAINS we have ever offered in1-4Kaltex Porch FurnitureLawn SwingsPorch SwingsRefrigeratorsand HammocksWe are disposing of these articles at the prices we areoffering themFOR CASH ONLYYou know when we say reductions we MEAN REI DUCTIONS!THEJ.T.HINTONCOMOTOR HEARSEMOTOR INVALID COACHUNDERTAKING66EITHERPHONE" 36SIXTH AND MAINSTS. i'Smhrkind ofonvElmarch avenue." "(Other Personals on Page 3.)rA,-Aiinfibepitallarder."r-.v;f-" -S.dainties thatare usually"S-THE BOURBON 'NEWS, PARIS, SY.FRIDAY,, AUGUST 10, 1117,-Vv?':iI.ViHIGH RECORD FOR MONEY INCIRCULATION.Money in circulation in the United States, the Treasury Department'scirculation statement shows, reacheda new high record August 1. Thetotal on that date was $4,852,084,469, an increase of nearly 23 percent, within a year. This includesgold, silver and all forms of currency,but does not include money in theTreasury, which would bring the total up to ?5,513,292,894.The per capita circulation August1 was $46.53. "Within a year the percapita circulation has shown the.phenomenal increase of $7.53, greaterthan during any other similar periodof time.The amount of gold in the Treasury and in circulation was $3,usb,-.218,498, An increase of $586,000,000within the year and of approximately$1,300,000,000 since the Europeanwar started.i 1 W5ASK ANYONE WHO HAS USED IT.There are families who always aimto keep a bottle of Chamberlain'sColic and Diarrhoea Remedy in thehouse for use in case it is needed, andfind that it is not only a good investment but saves them no end of suffering. As to its reliability, ask anyone who has used it;(aug-adv)fe fe feMany a woman's new store teethare responsible for the smile thatwon't come off.,4MtitniiniLr HH . H HH I skM HI I dWk HHUINUSUALBARGAINSIV,IN ALLLOW FOOTWEARWomen's Men's and Children'sPumps and Oxfords at less thanpresent cost. You can save $1.00or $1.50 on each pair. All stylesand all sizes; Don't delay, asthey are going fast.THE NEW DRAPERIES IN MIDSEASON FROCKSMOST OF THE SEASON'S FABRICSADAPTED TO THE DRAPED .STYLES.LONG SLEEVES AND HIGH COLLARS RETURNINGM(M'IrV.4Hl"1-l-H'4'4'4"I"H'4"I"l"!l''4"l'4"H"H"I' !!tHARRY LINVILLEtsxrd Thrift Is Now a (l ijjMl National Slogan flT The American people arm KHm wl waking, up. They resent- the 2M Bm H charge that they are wasteful, B mr r Bank deposits all over theI country are increasing by leaps IJAre you a depositor ?JflNEW YORK, Aug. 9, 1917.Draped styles are undoubtedly having their day now. Actually, youcome across them here, there andeverywhere, and at all times of theday, too, for the reason that thereis hardly a fabric which does notlend itself well to this becomine:style, whether it is cotton voilp orgingham for country wear, the satinor taffeta for afternoon calls, to saynothing of the chiffon and Georgettefrocks which are, above all, mostcharming for summer evening parties. Those light-weight wool frockswIf you are not, join the financial preparedness army. Manage to lay aside a certainamount of cash. We'll be gladto explain our banking system.Farmers' & Traders' BankF. P. KISBR, Prridnt w. W. MITCHELL, Cainler.WM. GRIMBS, Bookkeeper.Sixth and Main Streets Paris, Kentucky.The Tie-On Waist With Draped SkirtMakes a Modish Costumeof serge and wool jersey which shouldalways be on hand for cool days arenot too heavy either to be draped; infact, they are very successful in thisstyle. And so, you can simply suityourself as to the material youshould use for your draped dress, fora draped dress you must have, unlessyou are willing to admit frankly thatyou are not in the swim of fashion.The new draperies take manyforms, but the most popular is thekind illustrated here. Sometimes thematerial is draped about the hips, andat other times the drapery is placedvery much lower. In "kirts of thiskind the width at the hem is narrower than usual so as to obtain thedrawn-in appearance at the ankles.The width varies from about oneand seven-eighths to tvo yards, making these skirts narrow enough to besmart, yet not too scant for comfortin walking. There seems to be a tendency in most skirts toward the narrower effect at the hem, especially in.the new tailored skirts.The afternoon dress illustratedabove is of black satin, the skirtshowing the new side drapery, andthe waist, the tie-on sfyle which goesexceptionally well with this type ofskirt. Surplice lines always have, acertain fascination and the waist inthis style is especially modish now.The crossed ends either extend intosashes which are tied at the, back,or they are cut off at the back andbuttoned in the center.Dresses That Button At the BackWe h,ve had dresses where buttons, to act as fastening, have beenentirely dispensed with. These dresseswe have been able to get into by slipping them on over the head, then adjusting the waistline by an elastic.Now, in direct contrast, comes thedress with a row of buttons downthe back. One of these very smartfrocks is shown in the second sketch.The buttons are covered with thecloth which makes the dress, in thisinstance, but on many serge and gabardine dresses bone buttons are used.This frock of serge is' embellishednot only with its self-covered buttons, but with a braided trimmingstarting from the highest part of thedrapery and proceeding downward tothe hem, accentuating this new outline. Another important feature ofthis dress is its high collar. As tothe front, the waist is rather plainwith a fairly deep yoke. The skirt isdraped with just the same effect as isshown in the back, and the narrowsash belt which crosses at the back is jbrought to the front and tied loosely, jLong Sleeves and High CollarsNew notes in sleeves are beginningto appear already, and especiallyworthy of notice is the new long,close-fitting sieve which reminds usthat the coming autunin season is beginning to cast its shadows before it.SJeevesmadeof transparent material,which we have had with us so long,are beginning to give way to thosemade of the dress fabrics. While westill have the transparent sleeves, thedresses made of one material, sleevesand all, are appearing in greaternumbers.Q McC&lx. A foyGo WherexmsmasComfort Awaits YouA retreat from the monotony of every daybusiness cares away from the crowds whereyou can stretch out and take things easy.There are many of these quiet shady haunts to be found atAshevilleChattanoogaNiagara FallsThousand IslandsAtlantic SeashoreNew EnglandCanadaChautauquaMichigan andGreat Lakes Resortsfmt nj SiBp vb 49 irs r " v -.LOW ROUND TRIP TICKETS ON SALE DAILYGood returning until October 31st.Each location has distinct natural attractions for recreationin addition to the popular open airpastimes.Wi shall be pleased to arrange the details of your trip.Consult your local ticket agent, or addressKING, Division Passeager Ageat,E. If ia Street, "LexkftMJCy.And, Now, Some of the New DressesButton at the Back!Some of the new sleeves are madewith narrow inset sections at theback extending from just below theelbow to the wrist, others have aflaring cuff section slightly above thewrist, and there is still the perfectlyplain, close-fitting sleeve decoratedonly with buttons at the lower part.In the sleeves with inserted sections,contrasting material is introducedquite often with pleasing results.The inserted section may be of contrasting silk or satin if the dress is ofwool fabric. The checked or plaidand plain combination Is also verygood in either silks or woolens.With long sleeves, higher collarsare coming in. High collars withjabots of lace or net have been invogue for some time, but the newhigh collars on dresses are not detachable as were those with the jabots. They are also of the dress fabric as is the case with the newsleeves. A very novel collar is madein crushed effect with ends crossingin front and buttoned to the dress,somewhat in muffler effect. Thesecollars appear on cloth and silkdresses as well as on the new coats;another warning that we must soonbegin to turn our thoughts to autumnstyles.fe T3 luThere is more Catarrh in this section of the country than all otherdiseases put together, and for years itwas supposed to be incurable Doctors prescribed local remedies, andby constantly failing to cure withlocal treatment, pronounced it incurable. Catarrh is a local disease,greatly influenced by consitutionalconditions and therefore requiringconstitutional treatment. Hall'sCatarrh Medicine, manufacturedby F. J. Cheney & Co., Toledo, O.,is a contitutional remedy, is takeninternally and acts thr.ough theblood on the Mucous Surfaces of thesystem. One hundred dollars reward is offered for any case thatHall's Catarrh Medicine fails to cure.Send for circulars and testimonials.F. J. CHENEY & CO., Toledo, O.Sold by Druggists, 75c.Hall's Family Pills for constipa-jtioni.(aug-adv)flipS5 7t will detyihome3THE new Fisk Cementless Patch forauto tires has tlie strength where youwant it. Its thick in the center. Coversa larger cut, but because all waste rubber is eliminated costs less. Mostefficient and best value tire patch onthe market the best insurance you'llget home. This patch is one of- themany standard valueSSSm iTire SundrieThere's no higher quality anywhere. No motorist should be without them. Among the best knownFisk Sundries are Fisk EmergencyPatches, Pure Fine Para Cement intubes and cans and Fisk RepairMaterial.Fisk Tires For Sale ByIra ParksC. S. Ball& SonGarageiWe Know You'll WonderHow We Do ItBut how or why shouldn't matter. The talk of the town:Palm Beach Suits(the genuine article) in all colors and atyles, '$8.50 to$10.00 values, going atCashYou'll have to hurry, because they?re going fast.SURPRISE SPECIAL No. 2All Our $2.00 and $2.50 Straw Hats M JCfor men, your choice rSee our windows, then hurry in while the pickiag is good.twiiTbros.Clothing and Shoe Depl.L. Wollstein, PropA MAN AND HIS WIFEmay both derive saiisfactionby having their worn and soiledgarments cleaned by us. Thecost is nominal, while "the pleasure of wearing old clothes thathave the appearance of new, in.conjunction with the knowledgethat you are effecting a greatving, must surely satisfy - you.I A phone brings U3.LEVY, THE DRY CLEANERCumberland Phone 40Home Phone 169 ZBourbon LaundryDWIS & FUNK, Props.Telephone No. 4.'West .5 StreetsWsmSsWt -sJlMBe-.tiffn i ix jr - iip - ' T-ftraLZ3rSatisfaction is Oir! WatchwordWth ,all the latest improvements in laundrygiroiiances and expert -nelperswe:are. prepared&xzvm&,pz -c-r,.' "- ff.f tO 1 fin 'TDTklr vi-firv:,.-- y JT'J " "f Yrx:lw LUfg? yR:none, and solicit vanpatronage.i-Bourbon Laundry,KtmttiGlcy.hiISI$2iS58CVS&4 V" .- . 4." . j- i - --- '-v. tUfr'f"V- .FRIDAY, AUGUST 1V;17 1HV3;otb bourbon news, parishes.BAGS SIaTa' -?-.,HOME GUARDS TO WEAR DIS?jwwl,MW,MWIMMWMMMMflMMWWMMHMWMWWWW,P''WSave,1-3A4J?&ourGyesf'For distinctive eye glassservice consult us.We use the latest and mostup-to-date methods of refractthe eyes.Give us an early call.We Fit WhereOthers FailFRYE & FRANKLINDOCTORS OF OPTOMETRYDow Bldg., opp. Windsor HotelProfessional Cards.DR. WML KENNEYEye, Ear, Nose and Throat.ROOMS 403-404.FIRST NAT'L BANK BUILDING.PHONE 136.WM. GRANNANAttorneyatLawROOMS 401-402.FIRST NAT'L BANK BUILDINGGAHAL BROS.BARBER SHOPPrompt and Courteous Attention toPatrons.HOT AND COLD BATHS.rty&iBBojncax-3MaJkess--ICfto ITHERE'S a heap of joyin a ton of good coal.Your stove or furnacewon't have much troublefrom extracting comfortfrom a ton of coal if youbuy it from us. Our rapiddelivery will please you.W. C. D0DS0NSouth Main St.The Home of Good CoalYou Don't Have toStoopIf You Use aGarlandCabinetRangem vJSE Q-MiiaBM!iMlllMMBTi9 BaaaaaaMBHFPsnK"8P,'' iA beautiful lint of Garlands an aiafriay. Cama In and k than vw.Paris Gas & Electric Co.(Imoocy rated) -TINCTIVE UNIFORM.The War Department has issuedspecifications for a uniform for homeguard organizations, which wouldnot conflict with statutes prohibitingthe wearing of army uniforms orothers approximating army equip,ment by any person not in the military service. It is in the form of aninformal suggestion, as the department has no authority to prescribethe uniform to be worn by such organizations. Forestry green or blue gray is suggested for color and the coat proposed is a single" breasted jacket withlapels, bellows pockets and whitemetal buttons bearing the State coatof arms. Trousers and cap would beof the same material, with the letters, H. G., set in a wreath as anornament with similar insignia onthe coat collar. Officers would bedistinguished by shoulder loops withone, two or three circles designatingsecond and first lieutenant and captain, respectively, and a similar series of diamonds for majors, lieutenant colonels and colonels.GELETT BURGESS A REAL PATRIOT. There was a time when we thoughtof Gelet Burgess only as a humorist,as the inventor of the Good and thoPurple 'Cow and the Bromide. Butthe war. which has shown up a goodmany people, has shown up BurgessHas a first rate patriot. As one or themost active members of the Vigilantes, he has been writing some stirring articles, notably about the RedCross. His latest contribution, iscalled "Sentimentality Versus Trained Nursing: Which Do You PreferFor Your Wounded?" This articleemphasizes the danger of our wounded soldiers being nursed by incapable and inexperienced women. Mr.Burgess says:"Partly inside, but mainly outsidethe Red Cross there has lately developed a strong movement to extendthe training of the Nurses' Aids toinclude a few month's hospital work."Now, although at first, glance thiswould seem to be a practical step,behind the project is quite evidentan attempt to place, later, thesesuperficially trained students as regular nurses in charge of the wounded."There can be no doubt that women after their short hospital training will feel themselves auite com-4-.4- . nnn n J-Vii cinlr alco firlnr Ishould they go in for it at all? Theywill be romantically anxious to enlist. "Now, do you want your father,your brother or husband in theirterrible suffering, on their death bedscared for by amateurs?"Mr. Burgess recommends that thewounded in our war hospitals shallbe attended only by graduated nurse.?and that patriotic women who wishto give the full 'measure of devotionto their country should enter somehospital as student nurses and takethe regular two years' course."For the war," adds Mr. Burgess,"is likely to be long and the wounded many."IS 151 laA HOUSE BUILT OF STONES FROMEVERYWHEREThe "crazy patch" house of DavidF. Brown, of Punxsutawney, Pa., iscomposed of stone from all parts ofthe world, says the Popular ScienceMonthly. There are stones fromevery States in the United States,stones from Italy, Ireland, China,Japan, South America and otherplaces innumerable. Grindstones,millstones, stones from the MammothCave, from Pike's Peak, from thehome of Patrick Henry, from thespot on which Gen. Lee surrenderedand from every historically famousplace in this country, go to make upthe "crazy patch" house. Over thefireplace is a piece of gold quartzfrom South America. It required twoyears to build the house.te 1 lSaUNCLE SAM HAS AN "ACE IN THEHOLE."A special to the dailies from Washington under date of Saturday, hasthe following:"Reassurances of the most startling character to-day were revealed inconfidence to newspaper correspondents by Secretaries Daniels and Baker. "The men who have been coveringthese departments have for severaldays been impressed with an indefinite sort of pessimism.' To-day thetwo secretaries laid the cards on thetable, or rather, they permitted thecorrespondents to look over theirshoulders. As a result almost everycorrespondent came away with thisimpression:"The United States has an 'ace inthe hole.'"So striking are the hands whichthe two Cabinet officers are holdingthat the correspondents made astrong plea to print some of the details. For the present this nas Deenrefused."m t mSOLDIERS DON BATHING SUITS TOQUENCH TH1KSX.Is a soldier in a bathing suit asoidier in uniform in eyes of allFederal law against the sale of intoxicants to soldiers in uniform?This question has been put up tothe Department of Justice agents atBrownsville, Texas.The nuestion arose out of chargesthat soldiers have been donning bathing suits, getting them wet and .nengoing to saloons to quench theirthirst.Saloonkeepers claim they were unable to distinguish between soldiersand civilians when they wear bathingsuits.itmfafteMost Beautiful Carinylmencct.An ApologyAnd AnExplanationWe feel that we owe an explanationto the thousands of Paige enthusiastsand prospective Paige owners whosechoice is The Most Beautiful Carin America, but who have been unable to secure prompt deliveries.The Paige-Detroit Motor Car Companyhas not failed to keep up with itsproduction schedule. As a matterof fact we have already far exceededthe schedule we planned for our'selves last December.There Must Be GoodOverwhelmingThe explanation is plain and unescap-able. This unprecedented demand forThe Most Beautiful Car in Americais inspired by Paige mechanical excellence. The greatest motoring value is the sumand substance of this explanation.With its mechanical excellence, its6eauty, its durability, the Paige iseasily sold and most important ofall it stays sold.This shortage in Paige cars is not merelya local condition. It' is national. Ifyou question this statement go toyour nearest Paige dealer and hewill confirm it.But there are other reasons for Paigepopularity. 'They go back of mechanical excellence, beauty and excess values. They are fundamentalbecause they make such things possible. We refer to the sound economic and financial policies that arethe foundation of the Paige structure.In percentage of sales increase, TheMost Beautiful Car in America hasoutstripped all competitors between$iooo and $2000 in price for thelast six months.Since January 1st we have been work'ing our huge manufacturing equipment to full capacity. But in spiteof these efforts we have never beenfor one day caught up with the demand for The Most Beautiful Carin America..It is a significant fact that in the monthof July just closed a period ' unset'tied by war conditions the PaigeDetroit Motor Car Company -wasable to fill only 58 per cent of the actualorders placed during that month.Reasons For ThisPopularityPaige sales in proportion to Paige cap. italisation are many times greaterthan those of any rar in the samecompetitive field.The Paige has built conservatively,soundlv. It has no bonded indebtedness. It has been content with aa modest profit per car.The Paige has had the money to createquality in each and every car it hasbuilt. The excess value that hasbeen put into The Most BeautifulCar in America has won the confidence and preference of the American public.This greater value has brought to the" Paige a supremacy that has stood unchallenged during the last few monthsof unsettled economic conditions.Such overwhelming, popularity hasmade it necessary for us to apologiseto you for any delay you may sufferor may have suffered in the deliveryof your car.But is it not worth while waiting fora motor car that is at once the mostpopular, as well as The Most Beautiful Car in America ?NOTE It is impossible for us to. guarantee the following prices for any definite length of time.Stratford "Six'5iM seven'passengerFairfield "Six'46M seven'passengerLinwood "Six'39" fivcpassengerBrooklands "Six-51" four'passsengerDartmoor "Six'39 1 or 3'passengerSedan "Six'39" fivcpassengerSedan "Six'51" seven'passengerTown Car "Six'51" seven'passengerLimousine "Six'51" seven'passenger$1595 f. o. b. Detroit$1450 f. o. b. Detroit$1260 f. o. b. Detroit$1795 f. o. b. Detroit$1260 f. o. b. Detroit$1875 f. o. b. Detroit$2400 f. o. b. Detroit$2850 f. o. b. Detroit$2850 f. o. b. DetroitPaige -Detroit Motor Car .Company, Detroit, Michigan1r. P. WHITEWitlx Dickeraonft DouelasGaraee, 4th and High Sta., Paris, Ky.SERVICE STATION-c-JV:'-- sif.1 '"-i!v:v --AMERICANS MAY PLAY BALL INFRANCE.A wealthy baseball enthusiast ofWashington, D. C, has offered tofinance the undertaking if ClarkGriffith, jmanager of the WashingtonAmericans, will take two teams ofmajor league baseball players toFrance for a series of games behindthe lines for the entertainment of theAmerican soldiers and their allies.Mr. Griffith said that he would submit the project to Secretaries Bakerand Daniels. If official approval isgiven, volunteer players will besought with a view to getting theback-of-the-front series started assoon as possible after the season herecloses. A condition df the offer isthat Walter Johnson, the Washingtonpitcher, be one of those selected forthe trip.183 ?STOMACH AND LIVER TROUBLES.JIMMY VI0X QUITS BASE BALLE0R EARM.Dissatisfaction over salary, coupledwith the recent draft of his brother-in-law,were the reasons Jimmy Vioxgave for quitting the Kansas Cityball team.After receiving his pay check Vioxtold Ganzal he was through. ClaudeBerry indorsed the $150 check, payment on which was later stopped byTebue, who also notified Viox of a$150 fine and suspension.Viox agreed to save Berry fromloss and with his wife and baby leftat once for their farm near Lexington, Ky.Viox was formerly a star on theLexington baseball team during theexistence of the Blue Grass League,and played manygames on the localgrounds. He is well-known in Paris,where he married Miss Nellie Lovely,daughter of Mr. and ,Mrs. A.Lovely.J.No end of misery and actual suffering is caused by disorders of thestomach and liver, and may be avoided by the use of Chamberlain's Tablets. Give them -a trial. They Dnlycost a quarter.(aug-adv)Sprague is capable of handling as asingle tow. Four across-steam rowsof twelve boats each "make up theprincipal part, according to the Popular Science Monthly. Back of thefourth row, however", eight boats findplaces together with two barges.Hence, there are fifty-six boats andtwo barges in the big fleet. TheSprague has her nose shoved in atthe center of the fifth row. Thefifty-nine vessels are lashed securelytogether by lines which run fromboat to boat. Although the Spraguecan push the fleet ahead, her chiefduty is to hold back the load.This great amount of coal is handled by a relatively small total ofhorsepower because the current ofthe onflowing river supplies a largepart of the .requisite energy.GEOLOGISTS MOBILIZEThe United States Geological Sur- -veyis preparing to take a census or .all the geologists in the nation forwar purposes. The geologists will beclassified according to their special-'ties. It is pointed out that geolo- ,gists can play an important part i.war. They can judge more readily"than any other engineers of the merits of camp sites, of the suitability of :ground for proposed earthworks,? ofsoil conditions in wet or dry -ir&tktr 'affecting troop movements, of tW ,choice of lines of defense, 'and Tart-,. Vous .kindred matters connected, witkf"topography and the soil.m m m ' i-.-v -iMany a man's failure is due to Jrifcj ."-,being afraid to try. '?SIX ACRES OE COAL FLOATING ONMississippi.'Only in the United States can-such-la sight be seen as six acres of coalfloating down a river as a single unit.This is the area of coal boats -whichthe well-known stern-wheel steamerAutomobile Hearse or Ambulance!I desire to announce to our friends that, X .caiv wheredesired, furnish, an automobile hearse or; .ambulance., r Th'iimethod of transportation is especially dewred,on 'long7triftf;'the same being madin better time, and at no" advance, in'cost over the horse-fsrawn- conveyance.. GEO. W. UAVI8, FMMralsf; -4?feViF -r: .F-uim1JIJtoimr- "$ -':f-,mrrmm00m;mmmmmmmmmmmmV" i " -.' Jr VN " ' ' 'fy rTHE BOURBON -NEWS, PARIS, W -i-?" 'i.w"- "W r i-rPAGE EIGHT?I r!h ".- ---rvTf '- TyIT'!t'" ?"' ' iJ ' 'l 'l 1MII Hi1If1L-MILLERSBURGMiss Alberta Moffett is visiting-inds at Brooksville.Mr. T. W. Current has purchasednew Haines automobile.Mr. J. P. Auxier left Tuesday fora business trip to Louisville.Mr. A. T. Moffet left Wednesdayfor Tennessee to purchase cattle.Mr. and Mrs. J. Clarke Leer aresojourning at Crab Orchard Springs.Mr. W. M. Vimont, of Maysville,was at home from Saturday untilMonday.Mr. Charles Martin and familyare sojourning at Crab Orchard- Springs.Quite a number from here aretaking in the Blue Grass Fair atLexington this week. "Mesdames E. P. Wood and AnnaEngleman, of Stanford, are guests ofMrs, S. M. Allen.Mrs. Anna Darnell, who has beenconfined to her bed for the past week,does not improve .much.Dr. W. G. Dailey returned Monday from Carlsbad Springs after a tendays' sojourn, much improved. 'Rev. and Mrs. C. R. Goldsmithreturned Monday after a two-weeks'visit to relatives at Owenton.Mr. and Mrs. H. W. Jefferson, ofMayslick, were guests of relativeshere from Tuesday until to-day.Mrs. A. T. Moffett left Wednesday for a few days' visit to friendsat Lexington and to take in the BlueGrass Fair.Mrs. Josephs left Wednesday for- her home at Chattanooga, Tenn., after a months' visit to her sister, Mrs.J. Will Clarke.Mrs. Mattie Hawes and Mr. andMrs. Alex. Hawes arrieved Mondayfrom Chicago, 111., as guests of Mrs.America Butler.Mr. and Mrs. J. H. B. Hurst, ofBaltimore, Maryland, arrived Saturday as guests of his brother, Mr. Edgar Hurst, and family.Mrs. C. R. Carrington returnedto her home at Reevnna, after spending a few days with her parents,Mr. and Mrs. J. F. McDaniell.Mr. and Mrs. Roy Endicott andMiss Stella Hurst, in company withtheir cousin, Miss 2s ell Sweatman,motored to Cincinnati, Sunday, forthe day.Mr. R. L. Wilson was guest ofhis brother, Mr. Albert Wilson, atVersailles, a few days during theweek, and took in the Blue GrassFair at Lexington.The following are among thenumber who are spending a few daysat Crab Orchard Springs: Messrs.Russell Caldwell, Yimont Layson,s Clarence Wasson, Allen Ingels, ReeseIngles, J. T. Adair, Julian Allen, T.W. Current and family, Miss Margaret Allen.SPEARS MILL ITEMS.Miss Beatrice Fuller is visitingfriends in Harrison county.v Miss Anna Fuller has been onthe sick list for several days.Mr. and Mrs. O. T. Wagoner entertained with a family reunion lastSunday.' Miss Elizabeth Hudnall, whoc has been very ill for several days,is improving nicely.Messrs. Silas Maddox and Henddey Napier motored to Harrisoncounty last Sunday and were guestsof the Misses Burden.--Miss Cuma Hudnall, of Paris,and Mr. Joe Napier, of Deaver, wereguests Sunday of the former's sister,Miss Elizabeth Hudnall.Mr. and Mrs. Willie D. Wagonerand son were guests Saturday of Mrs..Wagoner's sister, Mrs. J. W. Cloughand family, in East Paris.Miss Carrie Day and Mr. VirgilHarney and Mr. and Mrs. ArthurFaulconer motored to Deaver lastSunday afternoon to hear Rev. Mangum. Last Sunday closed the fourthyear of Rev. E. T. Mangum as pastor of the Baptist church at thisplace. He accepted the call for an-- other year. Much good is beingdone by Rev. Mangum, and we thinkhe is the man for Spears Mill.. T 2HE BLUE GRASS FAIR. .The opening of the Blue Grass"Fair at Lexington brought the usualresult, rain, but it also brought az great deal of pleasure to CentralKentucky people, who have been- - waiting for a real, sure-enough fairi-for their vacation.X)vers of horses and live stock7 ' have been given a good run for theirmoney. The big event of Tuesday, a$250 stake for suckling mules, foals- of 1917, either sex, was won by amb!e owned by James T. Jefferson,of Paris. In accordance with the- conditions of the event, the winnerbecame the property of the Association, and was auctioned to the exhib4tor for $165. McCray Bros., ando PW. 31. Jones & Son, of North Middle-- Hown, were maong the principal win""jmb in the horse show events, while- John Marr and James T. Jefferson"diYided honors as winners in themule rings.In the Floral Hall exhibits Mrs.Cassius M. Clay won first premiumon cotton quilt (applique work.)Mrs. James W. Grinnan, lately ofParis, won premiums on best loaf ofyeast bread and on best one-halftfozem yeast rolls.Tiany a housewife's idea of a bravewoian is onewho isn't afraid totalk .back to the cook.Mamy a woman who thimks herselfialManty never succeeds in convincing ker .mirror.MATRIMONIAL.DEBULER MORGAN.A marriage license was issedyesterday from the office of CountyClerk Pearce Paton, to Mrs. Ida Debruler and Mr. Ben Morgan, both ofBourbon county.SUMMERS SPEARS."Miss Willie T. Summers and Mr.Edward F. Spears." So runs the record in the marriage license book inthe office of County Clerk PearcePaton.Miss Summers, who is one of themost beautiful and most accomplished young women in t Paris, and Mr.Spears, who is a son of Mr. and Mrs.Woodford Spears, of this city, wereactors in the little drama which waspreceded by the announcement quoted above. They surprised their manyfriends by being married at the residence of the officiating .minister, Rev.W. E. Ellis, pastor of the Paris Christian church, at the corner of Mainand Tenth streets, at 11:30 o'clockWednesday morning, a short time after the issuing of the marriagelicense.The bride is a daughter of Mr. andMrs. Samuel Summers, of this city,and is as accomplished as she is handsome. She is a graduate of the Cincinnati Conservatory of Music, andhas for several years conducted flourishing classes in piano in this city.The bridegroom is engaged in business with his father in the firm of E.F. Spears & Sons.Mr. and Mrs. Spears will maketheir home for the present with thegroom's parents, Mr. and Mrs. Woodford Spears, on Third street.S ?3STOCK, CROP, ETC.- Mr. Frank W. Yearsley, of Bourbon county, sold and delivered a finebunch of lambs to Cynthiana buyersAVe&nesday at a good price.Mr. E. E. Doty, of New York,purchased of Mr. Henry A. Power, ofParis, a nice plantation walkingGelding at a fancy price. Mr. Dotyis a prominent horseman and farmerin New York State and in Michigan.Mr. Frank Clark, of Powellcounty, was in Paris yesterday -withfour hundred head of sheep which hehad shipped here for sale stock. Mr.Clark experienced considerable difficulty in finding grazing for his stock,but finally succeeded in placing themfor the night on the farm of Mr. WillWornall. He will dispose of themajor portion of the sheep to-day atprivate sale. Prices rule high thisyear, the shipment brought in byMr. Clark bringing $13.50 each.They were in good condition.H0W THE ETERNAL FEMININEFISHES.It doesn't serve to mellow a man'sdisposition to take a woman or twointo the boate when he goes bass fishing. For women always want tofish, yet they never could or wouldthey stick those horrid, nasty wriggling angleworms on the hook. So,between bating their hooks and removing the perch and pumpkin seedsand straining your spine to keep theboat from turning turtle and thelines from getting snarled up, youhave a most enjoyable day's outing,do you not? Yes, you do not! I'llrun the risk of answering that question for you. And then, when yojfinally hook a five-pound bass weighing at least three pounds and eightounces by his own standard scales,and play him for twenty minutesagainst their earnest entreaties notto bring that big, ugly thing intothe boat or else they'd ju-4p out!you calmly ease up on the line andgive him slack, also his freedom, doyou not? Yes, you do not! Andwhen the day is spent, they tell youwhat a gorgeous time they have hadand make you promise to fetch themagain, and you promise, of course,do you not? You do like Heaven!Zim in Cartoon Magazine.152 IS ?SBISHOP WOODCOCK SAYS WORRYIS CRIMINAL."Don't Worry" that is a leadingplank in the creed of the Right Rev.Charles B. Woodcock, Episcopalbishop of Kentucky. Even if milkis going up one cent a quart everywhere next winter's coal is comingfrom, the Bishop believes worry isan evil. He made this declaration ina sermon at the Cathedral of St. Johnthe Divine, in New York last Sunday."Worry is an evil," said the Bishop. "It destroys more than rum orvice. It is as sinful as drinking orgambling. It is a guilty, sinful andcowardly thing. It is always a pergonal weakness."The absolute cure for worry is tobe as the bird who flies above thewind-blown dust, and is therefore notsullied. Se we must fly high abovethe worries of the earth."Bishop Woodcock said it was nomore sinful to drink yourself into thegutter than to worry yourself intothe grave.. "The people are getting life badlymixed up," said the Bishop. "Theyare shortening their lives by tenyears through senseless worry. Worryweakens the heart and hardensthe arteries. People are carried awayby the mistaken idea that one can'tlive without wcrrv. Men and women doing anytlng on XJod's earthshould have no time to weaken theirsoul by sensless worry'DEATHS.GUNSAULUS.The body of Mrs. Elizabeth Gunsaulus, aged sixty-three, who diedsuddenly Tuesday morning at thehome of her daughter, Mrs. S. B. Taylor, near Kiserton, was taken to herold home in Cincinnati yesterday forinterment in the Wesleyan Cemetery.Mrs. Gunsaulus is survived by fourdaughters, Mrs. L. Britzer, Mrs. TimDaizey and Mrs. Dorothy Merty, ofCincinnati, and Mrs.'S. B. Taylor, ofKiserton; one son, Mr. JamesGunsaulus, of Hamilton, 0., and threebrothers, Robert Atkins, of Robertson county, and William and ThomasAtkinson, of Louisville.WOODS.The funeral of Mrs. Maggie CainWoods, aged forty-one, wife of Mr. M.J. Woods, will be held at the Churchof the Annunciation, in Paris, atnine o'clock this (Friday) morning,with services conducted by Rev. Father Eugene DeBruyn. The burialwill follow in the Paris Catholic Cemetery. Mrs. Woods had been ill but a fewdays, and her condition was not suchas to cause any serious apprehensionamong her family and friends. Fortwo days before her death she suffered from heart trouble, which finallycaused her death, at the family home,corner of Henderson street and Lilleston avenue.Besides her husband, she is survived by two daughters, Misses Nellieand Frances Woods, and four sons,Thomas, Ned, William and LawrenceWoods, and by two brothers, JohnCain, Sr., and W. F. Cain.TEa ?S 3ASA MARTIN FORECASTS "POORMAN'S WINTER."While suffering humanity is sweltering under a torrid sun, with themercury sizzling aroung 90, ColonelAsa K. Martin, widely known localweather prognosticator, comes to therescue and offers some comfort inhis bulletin, just issued, forecastingthe weather for the next winter, inwhich he states there will be fifteensnows in Kentucky, the first fallingon November 11, 1917, and the laston May 1, 1918. A May day snowis of course a rarity for this latitude,but Colonel Martin says we will haveit and that should settle it.There will be no ice-gathering season before Christmas, he says, butwe are to have a sharp cold snapabout Thanksgiving. Mild weatheris predicted during Christmas -weekin fact he says that overcoats canbe dispensed with on Christmas Day,as it will be warm and pleasant. Thecoldest weather of the winter will bein January, when, he says there willbe two days when the mercury willdrop to zero. A big sleet is scheduled for some time in February, exactdate not stated. There will also beone ice spell in this month, but hesays he will have to wait untilGround Hog day to determine whenthis will be.On the whole, Colonel Martin saysthat the coming winter is to be oneof the mildest that has been experienced in Kentucky in the last twenty-fiveyears and adds in his characteristic vein: "It will be a poorman's winter all through the firstwinter in years that the coal manwill suffer."ES fe feELECTRIC LOCOMOTIVESPED IN BOXES.SHIP-Three large electric locomotives,weighing 120 tons each, were shipped recently from Erie, Pa., to Chile,South America, in knock-down form,being boxed for convenience ofshipment, according to the PopulaMechanics Magazine. They are intended for use in transporting ironore from the mines of an Americansteel company at Tofo, Chile, 2,200feet above the sea level, to CruzeGrande, the nearest shipping port.For a while the problem of gettingthe engines to Chile baffled the trafficmen, as they were too big and tooheavy to be taken aboard ship intact. The only alternative was totake them apart for shipment. Whenthis was done and the parts wereboxed it was found that each of thelocomotives occupied eight freightcars and weighed 290,000 pounds.There were sixty-two separate boxes,ranging in size from over fifty feetto only a few inches in length, thelargest weighing more than a ton before being packed.tea fe IsBOY DISAPPEARS.The police and county authoritieshave been asked to keep a lookoutfor a boy named Willie Addams, whohas 'been mysteriously missing fromhis home near Nicholasville for fiveweeks. A reward of $10 has been!offered for any information that willlead o his recovery.Young Addams is described as being about fourteen years old, but.mall for his age, is rather dark complected, and has dark hair. He hasbeen living for the last your yearswith William Traylor, of Nicholasville, by whom he was adopted fromthe Feeble-Minded Institute at Frankfort.No information has been receivedfrom him since his disappearance,information of any kind that wouldgive the least hint as to his whereabout.3, and his foster-father and relatives have become very anxiousabout him.Flattery catches silly people, but pdisagreeable candor -never catches ,anybody. - t ,RELIGIOUS.St. Peter's Episcopal Church,Rev. Geo. H. Harris, rector; Sundayschool Sunday morning at 9:30; services and sermon at 10:45. All arecordially invited to attend.f"The annual Bourbon County Sunday School Convention will meet atMillersburg next Wednesday. It ishoped to have a large attendancefrom the Paris Sunday schools.Rev. George H. Harris has resumed liis duties as rector of St.Peter's Episcopal church in this city,his vacation having ended. The usualservices will be held next Sunday.The Ladies' Aid Society of theCenterville Methodist church willhave a sale of aprons, pillow slips andother useful articles at the schoolhouse in Centerville, to-night. Everybody is cordially invited to attend.A revival meeting to be conducted by Revs. E. K. Kidwell andC. H. Mattox, will begin at the Centerville Methodist church next Sunday. There will be good music. Everyone is cordially invited to attendthese services.The tent meeting in progress onthe old Bourbon College grounds,conducted by Evangelist Hobbs, continues to attract attention. Themeeting has resulted in ninety-sevenadditions to date. The meeting willcontinue throughout this week.It was announced yesterday thatthe meeting will close Sunday night.A free will offering will be takenfor the evangelist. Mr. Hobbs willleave Monday for a visit to his familyat Lamed, Kansas, after which hewill attend the sessions of the Illinois Conference of the Methodistchurch. He will later on conduct ameeting at Prairie View, Kansas.1ES a 1W. H. M. S. MEETING.The W. H. M. S. of the LexingtonDistrict Lexington Conference con-J vened at St. Paul's M. E. Church, in' this city on Aug. 3. The meetingwas well attended and reports of thedelegates showed an increase of thework along all lines. The temperance hour led by Mrs. M. E. Randolph, assisted by Rev. J. B. Redmond, of Paris, was especially interesting. A splendid program was rendered during the evening session.Mrs. J. B. Redmon was re-electedpresident.S3 to U3It is easy for a man to get richquick if he meets a lot of others whowant to.fe to toEvery man in the brass band thinks six were from Millersburg, Ben Ashhis instrument makes the best music. brook, Henry Doty and Harrison Pi-IllNOWA price-slashing sale of Summer Footwear, in spite of the high pricesprevailing in shoedom. Anticipating the great advance in shoe prices WEBOUGHT HEAVY! The weather this season has been most unfavorable andwe find ourselves overloadedChildren'sSUMMER FOOTWEARthat must be turned into cash at onceof the many extraordinary bargains;Ladies' Pumps andOxfordsLadies' Gray and Champagne KidPumps, $4.00, Sale Price$1.95Ladies' White Sea Island CanvasPumps, $2.50, Sale Price$1.75Ladies' White Poplin Canvas Pumpsand Oxfords, $2.00, Sale Price$1.49Ladies' Dull and Patent Kid, StylishPumps, $4.50 and $5.00 Sale Price$3.49Ladies' Patent Kid Colonette Pumps$4.00 and $4.50, Sale Price$2.95Ladies' Patent and Dull Kid Low andHigh Heel Pumps, $3.50, SalePrice $2.45Ladies' Dull Kid and Patent PumpsBoys', Misses' and Children's Shoes and Slippers at a great sacrifice in priceMISSES' AND CHILDREN'S SANDALS 49c TENNIS 39cNone Sent on Approval, Exchanged or Credited.No Stamps Given During This Sale.DAN COHENPAHS' HEATEST SHOE STORECONFEDERATE VETERAN MATESA FEW CORRECTIONS.THE NEWS is in receipt of the following letter from Mr. John W.Boulden, of Maysville, formerly ofMillersburg, a well-known Confederate veteran, who makes the subjoined additions to an article that appeared in the Kentuckian-Citizen afew weeks ago:"Maysville, Ky., Aug. 7."ED. THE NEWS, Paris, Ky."Dear Sir:"Several weeks ago I read an article in a Paris paper in regard to thesoldiers from Bourbon county in thewar of 1861-1865."The writer failed to mention anumber of prominent Bourbon county soldiers, so I take the liberty ofmentioning a number of men, or the'boys' rather from Bourbon.In theFederal service I recall the following: Lieut-Col. Thos. J. Vimont,killed in action at the battle ofSweetwater, Tenn. ; Thomas Jeff andJo. D. VJmont, Augustus Trotter,John Isabell. Thos. Jeff Vimont, anold schoolmate, was wounded at thebattle of Cynthiana, " on July 17,1862.I was with him all night af-ter the battle, and furnished an affidavit to assist him in securing an increase in pension a few years ago,before he died at Paxton, 111."I recall the names of the following, who were killed in the Confederate service: Julius Purnell, at Ft.Donelson; James Gregory, at Dallas,Ga.; Clifton Mann, in Ohio; WillieTalbott, at Cynthiana, the day afterhe joined, and Will Trotter. Someof the officers in the Confederate service were Capts. Dan Turney, J.Lawrence Jones, Ed. Taylor, AdjuJos. M. Jones, Lieuts. R. L. Bowles,Jos. E. Hedges, George Redmon,John Ashbrook. I have a list of overfifty privates from Millersburg precinct, who were in the Confederateservice."When the Confederates evacuatedKentucky in the fall of 1862, aftercapturing a Federal cavalry regimentat Lexington, as Morgan's commandleft the State, Duke's Regiment crossed Green River at Woodbury, andBreckinridge's batallion at Morgantown. The next morning I was sentwith a detail to Woodbury to get aload of flour, and was given an order for Gen. Duke to send a detailto a tan yard to get some leather.We met Duke's command coming toward Morgantown. I gave him theorder, and, leaving a man namedWebster, of Lexington, at a house tosave our breakfast, went on to Woodbury. A boy drove in with twol exen in a wagon, and we loaded itwith flour and came out of the millto find the town full of Federal cavalry. They had all of Duke's detail,and out of the fifteen men capturedGOING ONwith High Gradeat prices below factory cost ! A fewand Oxfords, $3.00, Sale Price Men's Shoes andLadies' Patent Pumps and Comf. Kid I Oxfordsr f' f '00' !a!f Prif "?1A49 Men's White Cloth Engtish Oxfords,Ladies' Black assorted small size Ox- Walk-Over, $4.50, Sale Pricefords, $3.00, Sale Price 99c ( $4.00 and $3.50j Men's Russian Tan Oxfords, WalkOver and Bostonian, $4.50, SaleLadies' Boots and Shoes I Price $3-49T . tJti -j. -r , , Men's Tan and Gunmetal Oxfords,Ladies' White Sea Island Canvas , $3.00, Sale Price $1 99Boots, $3.50. Sale Price $2.45 ' , ' . . u ; "J"" 't j. , -. , , Men's Patent Colt English Oxfords,Ladies' White Canvas, Rubber Sole, $5.00, Sale Price $3.45English Boots, $2.50, Sale Price I ,,. . . . , "IZ"T"$1 9 Men's Black Kid Oxfords, Walk-Over,. $45Qf Saje price $3.50HSVBnla.Ck1nftHifiifhpBtSS Men's Gun MetaI B and Lace,and Lace, $4.00, Sale Pnce$2.99 ( $40Qi Sale pce $299Ladies Gun Metal Button, small sizes, Men's Gun Metal Button Shoes, $3:00$3.00, Sale Price $1.49, Sale Price $1.99per, from Duke's regimeat, and Jos.Wallace, James E. Kerns and myselffrom Breckinridge's batallion. I alsorecall the names oi Will Spencer andGeorge Beatty, of Lexington, in ourdetail."Very truly,"JOHN W. BOULDEN,"Co. C, Ninth Ky. Cav., C. S. A."fe m mWHAT TO DO WITH GERMANY'S"CRAZY WAR LORD."We have just heard of an idealplace to intern the Kaiser when thewar is over. It is the Queenstowncemetery, where more than 1,000bodies of Lusitania victims lie buriedThe Town Hall, which was used as aimorgue, has been practically deserted ever since. It could be moved tothe cemetery and used as a permanent home for the Kaiser. There,among me sepuicmai snaaes of athousand of his innocent victims,William the Last should be made tospend his remaining years of life.i There is just one flaw in such a pun-jshment. His presence among thegraves of men, women and childrenwho were sacrificed to nis cruel am-bition might seem a desecration oftne- aeaa.toto toAfter a girl has broken a man'3heart some other girl comes alongand mends it.Green Peas Green Beans' Head Lettuce TomatoesCucumbers OkraEgg Plant CymlinsBlackberriesPeachesWatermelons CanteloupesCelerySTEAKS CHOPSROASTSFresh Rolfs Fresh (BreadFresh CakesEvery DayWILMOTHGrocery Co.Phone 376Men's, Women's and'J331 MAM mHT-.Ht KYOvw?ifV! r.V.-sV- .."i , -v'-"' v