THE BOURBON" NEWSPUBLISHED EVERY TUESDAY AND FRIDAY IN THE YEAR.VOLUME XXXVI.PARIS, BOURBON COUNTY, KENTUCKY, TUESDAY, FEBRUARY 20, 1917.1German Submarine Stand Unchanged.THE TOBACCO MARKETS.Gillispie & Mason sold 3,300 pounds,' average $i!.74.fJrnworc mwl linnrllcvc cav flint nlmnt ! Fistr it' lUflvhlMPr cnlfl fi .R3S n.-mriflsioiehtv ner omit, nf thp Rnnrhnn countv average $18.35., - 4 1 jcrop has now been brought to the local C. H. Tiny &. Bros, sold 3,310 pounds.SiiinnncAfl IPl"maTI nnV AlTPSlPn 111 Ari7AHa --- market, and that the remaining twenty aerago 19.81.Dupposea ueniidu oyy ,inebieu m Arizona.--- per cent is probably 1)eing flield bv its ; Frederick a. wainsJMl U.,l T4-v W-. f,' 'owners in hopes that there may be a i pounds, overage $18.38.' MeXICO DUlS intO War Uailie. j rise in prices that would tend to help Bald.vin & Florencethem crab off a nice slice of cash. The : pounus, average is.j&sold 4,650sold 7,120Press Bulletins Tell The StoryOf The Progress 0! "TheWar."KOGALES. ARIZ.. Feb. 19. FredKaiser, saw to be a German subject,was arrested here on a charge of violating the National defense laws. Hewas specifically charged with entering a warehouse illegally and wasnlleged to have been obtaining military informa i ion. Kaiser residedNogales.sold 8,310! change in the weathei of the past two Clay & Finney Brosdications that a severance of diDlo- Hnvs was Hip. mfinns nr nrnmotine mod 'pounds, erase $17.79.matic relations is not to be expected sales at all tjhree houses in Paris yes- j Rash & Stewart sold 3,940 pounds,immediately. 1 lie feeling m Vienna is. terday, and good floors were offered.Iwwever, that there is not the slight- The "farmers have been busier thanest chance of the Government's yield- ever before at this season of the yearnig trom unrestricted submarine warfare as declared by Germany.WASHINGTON, Feb. 19in trying to get their tobacco to thei market.I The finer grades of tobacco aiv-With the making slight improvement in price.average SI 7.79Rash & Harney sold 1,855 pounds, average $17.30.Rash & Johnson sold 3,750 pounds,average ?17 21.The next sale will be held at theParis House of the Bourbon Tobaccoend of the Sixty-fourtli Congress 'out and the market this season has been i Warehouse Company at 9 o'clock thistwo weeks off. Administration leaders nnuRiiniiv n-nnri n Hip demand lia;nro omipentratitifr their enprp-ies in tht. u.. n....i p u imHnt irrqilac of11. o w..w. 0.w, s.v ...... ut;eii geuistai iul unc uuiici fc,.vv-. v-in enactment of revenue and national de- the weed, and fairly good for the in-fense legislation. Much long-pending ferior grades. A number of farmersirpiiprnl Ippklntinn evprvnnp ronnirnivoc i .i.. .ni.:. nnnnni:nnc tnv0v....... .v,0...v.w.. .v.jwv .vuetxuu a. ItS UII tSU.U lllcllvlllg incjaiauuiw .w19 That musL givo way to appropriations and, the coming season, but they say thatT!!noeillnC 4-Vo4- rtlrt f " 4-r 4" V -k TlftT0 j .1 A. t -..11 1 nnnnwl swn .them were in Plymouth chained togather in the center of a huge network of chains.INDIANAPOLIS, IND.. Feb. 19. Advocating at least one year of militarytraining for all males between ther.ges of 19 and 24 years, and asserting that if a league to enforce peaceis formed at the close of the Europeanwar. AmerjCi should join it, formerPresident W. H. Taft addressed theSuite Legislature in joint session hereKt urged all true Americans to standby President Wilson and Congress intii crisis.and the poorer classes are living onherbs and grass. It also is declaredthat despite compliance with the ultiI matum of the Allies there has been norelaxation of blockade measures.PARIS, Feb. 19. Americans in Austria-have been warned from Washington to leave that country.bly higher.BOURBONBALTIMORE, MD., Feb. 19. That u T , """''V M uie """5 BMauu- ""; L"c ,Die merchant submarine Deutschlan I measures that relate to the prepara-ithe ground rentals will be considera""-"- v firm nf trie nation for eventualities ii.. uiuas been captured and uiat ne saw r. . , ; --. , ..he? in Plymouth harbor with 186 other "rerhermnv ' diplomatlcGerman submarines, was the state- breach Wlth Germanyraent made here by William Palmer, WASHJNGT0N Feb 19.The Greek.fneA legation in a statement issued Herelmen S nBw' ntnred Jon sa's famie is resulting from the En-L tltJLZT 4.r tente blockade of the coast of GreecetSMilllO aUUUlUllUCO Uliu .mt. j. i vi.WAREHOUSE FRIDAY,FEB. 16.The Bourbon Tobacco WarehouseCompany sold 63,510 pounds of tobacco for $11,810.06" for an average of$18.65 per hundred. Prices rangedfrom ?10.Uu to $32.00 per hundred.The market was more active and bidding more spirited. Grade prices ashade higher. Some crop averageR. H. Blddle. sold 1.395 pounds, av , W aJtTllBe ?! I .OUmormn:DESPONDENCY AND ILL HEALTHBRINGE ABOUT SUICIDE.Despondent on account of continued ill-health, Yancy Case, aged fifty, aresident of the North Middletown vicinity, fired a bullet into iliis brain Saturday morning, causing death instantly.Case formerly resided in Masoncounty, but for the past two years hadbeen making his home with his cousin,Mr. Edward Case, on the latter's farmnear North Mi-.'dletown. Friday afternoon Case went to the home of HarryWells, a relative, to spend the night.He seemed very despondent, and hadbut little to say Leing rallied upon be-spirits, he remarkedas enough to makeBERNE. SWITZERLAND. Feb. 19.The Swiss Federal Council has proposed that leading Swiss citizens berendv in enntinne tiie Belsian aii-lFreneh relief work, of the American ! pounds, average $22.07IRelief Commission retires from Belgium and Northern France.LONDON. Feb. 19. Thelinns between Frederick C.negotiaPeniield.T.,-,. c ..'. li.-nirio sold 2.145 noiinds.,ayne wanL ro u,e- "e retired eany." g $19 47 'About four o'clock Saturday morning" Frank Clay sold 4,185 pounds, aver-1 J1-. WeJIs, while preparing breakfast$19 GG I r nusl,am!- heard a mstol shotagCollins & Hall sold 2,520 pounds, av- .i.pstalrs. Slit Murripdly summoned hererace 5;99 30 husband, and upt n going to the room5nnrZ.A' r. nrictnu- nid 2.75 U ase was found lying across the bedwuuiui u ix. j..v.. w .- i ,1 i...ii.i .... .. : t j a. 1 -ii'UU U UUlItfL nuuiici 111 I11S lumpiu. t. ui-. ir,,n,. iinir.c. , i., t jiini Tn r-k,iri n,ii nrTk,.-ii r ... ..1.1 :?t; nnitiw c nv-. " ii io nui; .tiuiiiuuih-u miu i.i.v;ie "518 (i" 'Mewing the J,ody and learning theCrc!vwo-;d ',v Pence sold 3.375 pound. facts, held an inquest at which thec.10O1 usual verdict m accordance with the..".,.. " A r. i.. aa a nnn fucts was rendered.w earners ec oeaaiu. aum u,vu -, , . .! (..ilSU HUb IIMJ &.lll III Ults 1ULU 111. (lllllWE KNOW HOWYOUR HEALTHProtectYour Health and YouWill Have Both.EL PASO. Feb. 19. A report is cur-i ivuw.. . .i. ...nl :.. !. Mnt..'U, i -: , rprr i n: i r;i hhih in lii: iiiivjiiiiitle American Amuassnaur at lemiu. v. . - v; V. . . ." , . c ' i, .,. cioctd Austrk. Hungarian Government aismci oi xNe ;u.x:u ...ii.u lu .u i. , u .. " 'V-X ", V 9 n nminds av- rs. Amos Cose, of Bracken county,. , 1 .. i:., . ii a mimiive exiieuiiiuu 01 liicu un iw , icio .v uu- . -.. . -,una uutsw oioivun uu. ulluiuiuq "F.erliner TageblatL as quoted in anExchange Telegraph Company disrtoli from C openhagen.!o9BERLIN, Feb. 10. The increasingpossibility of war between the UnitedSiates and Germany Jias increased thetension between Vienna and Washington, according to the Vienna correspondent of the Berliner Tageblatt.NORFOLK. VA., Feb. 19. A warn-a punitive expeuiuuu 01 men un i .. - .- - . . snrviv. , ,... two R;sters Mr,cross into Mexico and chase the ban-; erage wi. Bourbon 8Marcella Das mid Mrs. Ida Mitchell,dits who murdered three Mormon cow- Including da b sale Uie Theboys on the Corner ranch last Monday, iobacco x, ar eho use m iQ s-aturda nIght for.. ... il i-SlOCO nn Imnilrofl blinal.BALTIMORE, MD., Feb. 19. Atter an avumgu ui y,S lS. S a" G! INDEPENDENT WAKEHOUSE-PR.-manmine layer, the American steamer , Y l; i b. . .irtlienCarolinian, Captain Smith, arrived Tne maepenueni -" 99? nmind-.here Sunday. Capt Smith said the Company sold a tota 1 of 29,22o Pound,Rnv nf Risrav. off the French west ct toDacco rnuuy, au uc. lluu.COaSL I1UU uetill Ulliv;n.i. aucnu ....u. "--" , , , . nt n..i 1.., F ci n not- miTifii-Rii iiiiiiiiua. liUir- . . .- ...yr. ., Trvi nrni'iiii; i. i iiii.i I ill. ill j.v.ib' '' -. . r- ... .. ....... ... j i....j i..w .w ... i. ti .imc to marines that a big steel net. a " L" r -..- -T ;-. f,- nilolitv nf the offerings. l uiumpioveu muu, ijiubuu lug nw.;h n Grent Britain has used as a ship nearly ran down a mineanu ,ah mCn & u TaL u . n,not sntis- kins & Cummins turnpike,.. . - . , . . !.., rfimnelled tn sitrnal for a natrOl DOat. "tne bd'U ia ouivi iu " "- ""- ,,. nhnnt oovpiiard against suumarineb. b uuE -- -r -- r - - flnJ,tJn-1 factory one. The following croppaceu m posiuon u.u uie iiuiu.ih-c iv --.Hampton Roads was issued by Rear type.Admiral McLean, commandant of the ,,r.CH..TTf)V . iqThp sllb.Norfolk navv yard. About halt of the ASHrNGTON, Feb 19. The subT,Wc u;.,,. nnmnlntfid. Details of marine sitwtion seemed at a stand-.. . i r- !,.., f,0 mnH, still to-dav with the government ap-LUU IW a jjiho iu --"& - -- 4. i,.lagainst entrance of under-water boawhave not been revealed, but it is believed that when complete the net willentirely block the channel.MR. LEACH BUYSTHE WILLIAMS FARM.Auctioneer M. r Kenney sold at the! .sin 4 lMtrt 1 -w- 111 Vlf? i4" Cri fit ! r xwith Ion South Main Street, for an average uu - j . -., ---.vl .Ui.J. 1-m.unui ,. ....u...v, .wlawin thisav. I county, about seven miles from Paris,OTlSSl.Tef.7SriS?tiM ".790 pound.! vicinity, for ?85 per acre.of ?18.20DUOPOLDUNDERWEARthe" kind that is not too heavy, but is made with alight layer of cotton next to the skin and anotherlayer of fine woven Australian wcol on the outside, which does not scratch and irritate the skin,but prevents the cold from penetrating through thegarment. It does not leave a damp moisture between the skin and the undergarments. This isone of the principal causes of colds. The bodybecomes chilled from the moisture and many deepcolds and cases of grippe start in this way. WearDuofold Health Underwear, the only safeguardagainst sickness. We have all sizes, both in unionsuits and two-piece garments. $3.50 and $4.00.Plilctiell & BiakemoreExclusiveAgency For the NettletonFine Shoe.for S3.249.05, an averageper hundred pounds.Thns H. Clav. Jr.. & Johnson sold1.V-..W , - - - . ,narentlv finselv watching develop-! 7,515 pounns ior i,uv.. - nbnients, .,teauily 'preparing itself for of ?19 68 per hundred poundseventualities and adhering to its plan 1 C. M. Clay, Jr., & Faulkner sold 3.923for taking action to protect American .pounds for $680.22, an average otrights wh-n the moment arries. ,17.35 per hundred pounds.Tlw slackening of the ruthless ! The next sale at Urn Independentthe last three or four Warehouse win De neiu uu .uu.cause of ooerations against Germany days is regarded as reducing tu 1-ebruary 1.1."bruart- lTh been received at the 1" The McinT hV .old on it,Sate Department. It warns shipping is expecteJ to increase m intensity llle . . -. u& umlsafter February 17 a prescnUe-J ,, -ac: lr .i M m averate of ?18.54.Hsrvr: unuu unnii-w v w..- -ivrACHTXGTOX. Feb. 19. Notice of: ii. -v..ti. C5rvo - (inmr.ni'ni la dangerous urea in me iui m oc ux.- -" t--rm999eOGQ90999mW99tbnt after February 17 a prescnueaarea, including all waters off Germanyiutd parts of Holland and UenmarK.will be dangerous and should beavoided.tiip oron aeraees ran from $17.10 t3The basket ball teams of the ParU $21.88. The quality of the offeringHi?ih School and the Clark County was fair. Hie two y&foy,.. c-u i n moot in n rimihln heen conducive to handling the pro-lilliU OVI11UU1 " iuwk " - ri1,.TT , t- bender at the Y M. C. A. gvmnasium duct Some crop averages iuuu .EL PASO, TEX.. Feb. 19. Fransicso feaen,Bht February 23. This Willis Him sold 1,415 poundsVilla has made his way to the west wsxt Fndaj night eDr " A ., " nVftrnEfi Si7.10.ct ,ni en.hnrked for JaDan. ac- promises to ue wb ui. i"C -- . v----. - - -oordinir to W. L. Crawford, a cattle- 'S &cx-fornn nf Dallas Texas, a former Texasrancher, who says his source of information was one of Villa's trustedagents and a man known to him to bereliable.Various versions of a story tnatVilla informed his leaders of his intentions of absent himself for thremonths and to return with news "thatwould make his followers tnro uieir uINrHESTER YOUTH ARw ; tii , with iov" have reach- WINCH EbjfcK yuu i n Mnnf the season. The Win-nnecter hovs team defeated the P. H.S boys' team some time ago. while theP. H. S. girls' team turned the trickfor the Winchester girls' team. Withthe Paris teams taking a high rank asbasket ball players, local patrons oiH. C. Smith sold 3,iuu pounus iui$567.60, average $17.89.Kuster & Kinser sold 2,190 poundsfor $390.64, average $17.88.Chas. Kuster sold 2,370 pounds for$440.32, average $18.56.PlnmmiT. McClure fc JOlies bum u,-basKet oau p.aye.&; uuu -- - ',';om. average $19.64n,d enrage them to put forth their. Hummer . McC tare Rm sold 3,hp,t efforts 11 Pounds for $604.29, average :iy..best etio.ts. av & neal soW 1355 p0un(is fo-'$296.90, average $21.538t the border.RESTED HERE FOR FORGERYHarr'v B. Clav sold 4,565 pounds fo-SS81.65, average $19.34.Beasley & Marshall sold 3,500 poundsfor $605J3, average $17.30.Park Bros. & Lewis sold 1,275 poundsname of for $235 05. average $18.50.Reeves to a check for $10. Park Bros, sola oo puuuu .bv a Winchester $42.71, average $10.00.Daniel & Mitcneii soiu z,wd ijuuuuocashedwTTiivF Via PariTVeb W.-Tber William Abney. of near Winchester.BERNE A ia Pans, i eu i.. arrested here Sunday morning onis no doubt in tne nnuu , u ' --- n warmn, from Winchester, chargingens ?olvee- , -m wIth havin. forged theplomatic iclations between Berlin Luier.nail Washington that the German puh- which waslie to-day presents a solid front Any k. early for $515.98. average $17.46dancer of serious internal uibLuiuauo t """-,- .loctpr Qflnv morn-i Bedford & Graysuch as has been hmteo atpuuu- - a" '-ptly placed under,tions PtsmGearsma vaS anv arrest as soon as he stepped from theSrmvevelesS. the staTe of train. Chief of Police Woodson Mc ;Slfe!KSAKpJUUXCl", wjjvv"".- "& Gray sold 3,Uoo pounu-sfor $695.23. average $19.02.Clark & Eads sold 1,850 pounds for$384.61, average $20.79.We AreShowingFrom theSpring Fabricsofobe Tailoring CoIsaacCINCINNATIVHamburge& Sonsweeks.and took Abney back to Winchester,to answer the charge against him.MONDAY. FEB. 19.rTM, 'nmipiinn Tobacco Warehouse'company sold Monday 154,950 poundsof tobacco for $zy,s, an avcia .$18 95 par hundred. The market wassteady, grade prices being well sus-Forecast from the Weather Bureau , tained. Some of the crop averageb lui-THE WEATHER.NEW YORK, February 19. Twelvesteamships, one of them flying the,American flag, have sailed from here,,presumably for European ports, which..! 11.a!m "! OO CTO TlirfllllII w -w 11 necessitate men OOBv --o for this vicinity for Uie week beginning low: n n oTrorthe -prohibired zone" announced b "r tms c follows: R. G. Jones sold 3,595 pounds, aver-Three vessels uiiat ' nhin Vnilev and Tennessee: I aae $22.29.area, one ot - .nMw0 flr.Cf nnrt ,f! r.inv .v. Tobin sold 6,300 pounds, a erenow Ui lain vi.uuu.um mw r.w w. "-'-.veek. Fair after Tuesday nutil Fn- age S21.-.0! noUndsday or Saturday, when snow or rain j Buckner & Hutsell sold 2,985 pounus,ri?o i; aeam nroDauic. tousiuciiuic v.uiuci inciub -ifiprmanv.t-..v. Mia -roctrietedvhich was of American registry, arrivcd here..1:. 15 fleam nrouauiv'. juusiuciauic w- cnie . , , ...,PARIS. Feb 19.-A wireless d s- J, eek followed by warmer Clay & Roe sold 7,8,0 pounds, aer-ratch receiveu nere uum v.v.,SPENCER COUNTY.ed here rrom ; -"" nffer Wednesdayi rc the Rrazillian minisuei cxlri;inii. k3ujwi .-w - - .Berlin by order of his government lias,Sfl Germany that Brazil will ihold IN-J cr.cihie fnr the fate of three . . .... . !.. r. !nnniie nveras-e S20.00.SSrS. approaching the war , 0. Edwards , or tne ran a , -;-; u 50l(1 3i&50 pounds, aver-mi ..AnnA n nir Kru.M iiji a- -ww-- -nc-p S20.6G.Baylcss & Blackburnpounds, aerage $20.00.E. K. Thomas & iuerssold 4,890sold 5.020past week with a party of prospective , age 51J-"- ., . 03- D0Ullds av-purchasers of Spencer farm lands. , Leer fc Bailej sold 4,-3d pounds,1 . erage $19.11.' A. Reffett sold 5,445 pounds, averageSMALL FARM SOLD. .$18.22. .n i-Gillipsie & Mason sold 2,940 pouudJ.The Paris Realty Co. sold Saturday average $19.98.o in. trart. of land belonging to i Burke, Brent & Galliner sold X,6i)C AV fcX W .- w , - A ..itv,iu . TTIfrfc. hr , i t A 4 Inff Vtaaf 'PllO nriflft nnlinric nvorflCfi IX. 411.SenlrSin Embassy to maintain M a good one, but was not made pub-1 Wiggjns-& Medlin sold 3,540 pounds,Sendly relations are believed to be in- lic. . 5 . 1 average $18.03. .Entente countries since the declarationVy Germany of her submarine blockade. VIENNA, Feb. 19. Official circles inVienna do not regard the situation between the United States ana ausixu-BALTIMOREThe woolens are shown in the piece, so you can see you are getting what youare buying. The models are up to the minute in styles and the patterns new, com9g in plain greens, blues, greys, browns and the fancy effects.We guarantee a fit and satisfaction or you can't take suit from our store. Dropin to-day and let us take your measure.Get Ready to Dress Up Easter, April 8thSPRING HATSYou have but to glance in our show windows to see the newest styles in Knox,Stetson and Crofutt & Knapp Hats. They come in every new shape, color andcombination.$3.00, $3.50, $4.00, $4.50, $5.00R."vWALSHMain and Seventh The One Price Store Paris, KeitickjiHi:tJl rJt " i"k'' ;'-k "''V-, .g"-I1 AGE TWOwtr,t- ',& Wetf vTHE BOURBON-NEWS PARIS KY.TUESDAY, FEBRUARY 21, 1915'n.1II!lVIThe Bourbon NewsUtablished 188135 Years of Contlnuous Publication.blished Every Tuesday and Friday.'3 J Year $2.00 Six Months. .$1.00Payable in Advance.v - fttflFT CHAMP, Editor and Owner.Mr9. Entered at the Paris, Kentucky,1 Postoflice as Mail Matter of theSecond Class.)Any erroneous reflection upon thecjiaracter, standing or reputation oiamy person, firm or corporation whichsway appear in the columns of THEJ5GURBOX NEWS will be gladly corrected if brought to attention of the-!itor.ANNOUNCEMENT.Tv are authorizedrto announce theOjtftQd Democrats below as candidiates'jiit the Democratic primary on August-3 1917, to fill the offices to which5R.ttey aspire:FOR STATE SENATORLEE V. WAINSCOTT,Clark County.GEORGE HON,Clark County.ABRAM RENICK.Clark County. jFOR COUNTY ATTORNEYDAVID D. CLIXE.FOR JAILERGEO. YV. JUDY,THG.5. TAUL,JOHN H. DOTY.WALKER RISER.C. T. MASTERSON,W. O. BUTLER.JOHN YV. KING,J. YV. HART.FOR ASSESSORWALTER CLARK,mi Paris, with Jno. J. Redmon, of NorthJ3Widdletown, as deputy.GEO. D. SPEAKES.-oi Paris, with Lee R. Craven, of Little5taK!k. at Deputy.FOR MAYORJAMES H. MORELAND.FOR POLICE JUDGECLVUDE R REDMON,J. W. BROWN,P. A. THOMPSONHARRY L. MITCHELL.ERNEST MARTINEDITORIAL MUSINGS.The Success of Frauds.A Department of Agriculture BuIIp"Ai calls attention to the selling ofcertain imitations of foreign ,patentxeedicines. The supplies of these befog cut off by the war, unscrupulous2eakers in our country are getting aharvest out of worthless substitutes.In spite of all the campign for p'.iefloods and drugs the public must stiilfte vigilanL There is. however, u.browing sentiment against false labels. Herring are good little fish, and thoslght sell just as well even if they'were not Ialeled ;arclins. Is it necessary to label as- calf home shoe cutfeom the skin of an ancient animr.l- iridy to drop from old age? It doesjh. make Uo boarders like skimmilk any better to all it cream Po7e with an ordinary developed sens"taste can dnot if sugar is partlyur and starch. And if roasted acornAard grains are put into coffee, theconsumer detects it. and the dealM'"rho sold it to him suffers.The American people are rather tol-crant with frauds. Public sentinir4f public administration seems defecTive, when the successful adulteratorcan get away with his deceptions, andiride in the finest automobile and dominate social life. A man with rightReeling would never be happy on a fortune earned through deception. But"this is in an age where few questionsare asked as to where money comesrom.it is a period, however, when areat and increasing number of peo-!iWy h e u m a tjs m attacks they "outside" man. Pains andaches stiffen his joints andmuscles and reduces his efficiency.At the first twinge get Sloan's1iniment, easy to apply, it penetrates without rubbing and soothesihe soreness.After that long drive or tedious"wait in the cold rain apply Sloan'sLiniment to those stiff fingers,aching wrists and arms.For gout, neuralgia, toothache, bruises,-rpTains, cold feet, it is promptly effective.At all druggists, 25c. 50c. and $1.00.HMlM.PSSwfl7T q? ini s 'pie demand to be "showm" JbYomnow. on. it will beihard t,o found a successful business on lies. But thefraud will be shown up, and the fakermay have to be idle quite a time before he works up his next scheme.The ipublic values more and more theman who shows up everything abouthis goods and invites the closest inspection.Tree Planting.The spring is the favorite time torplanting trees. People are then looking iorward to the beauty of summerand thinking of improving their homoplaces. But many experts considerthe fall equally good for plantingCertainly the work of improving thetown ought to be ke,pt up in both seaproblem nowadays to get Itrees that will offer firm resistance to! insect pests. In the early days of Realizing the German view of scrapsthis country, elms were a special fa-j of .paper, a cash bond was required ofvorite. The old time villagers useljConsul I3oP;to go out in gangs and plant thmalomr their streets. Thousands of oldtime towns are to-day shaded with vonderful rows of ancient elms, whose interlacing branches form a lovelygothic arch.The wide sweeping curve of elmfoliage has a most unique beauty. In 'and-croupy coughs are sure symptoms,elm shaded regions, wealthy men buy A dose of Dr. Bell's Pine Tar Honeynn irPPs Lira fori miles from their! will loosen the phlegm, relieve thehomes, merely to preserve the beaut ve fi n ,.. "Of the MewComparatively few elms are plantednow. uney are too sensitive 10 msecipests. In the early days the abundantstock of birds held down the ravagcisof our foliage. But nowadays thereare large classes of people who thinkthat birds are chiefly valued for rpotpie. This depletes the food supplies,drives away the songsters, and romoves protection from tree foliage.Probably the whole country over, notree is more popular tihan the maplewith its thick mass of shade. All whoever visited the city of Paris knowthe possible beauty of horse chesf-1nuts, particularly in their bloomiiu 'time. The Lombardy poplar, whos?tall plumes line the highways for so Jmany thousand miles in Europe, are in-,creasingly a favorite here. As quick 'growers they are wonderful to fillbare spots, though their interlacing 'roots work havoc. Thee are only afew of the many varieties, the freerplanting of which would not merelymake leal estate more valuable, butadd to them charm of our town.HELPFUL WORDSFrom a Paris Citizen.Is your back lame and painful?Does it ache especially after exer-tion?Is there a soreness in tihe kidneysregion?These symptoms suggest weak kid-neys., If so there is danger in delay.Weak kidneys get weaker fast.I Give your trouble prompt attentionI Doan's Kidney Pills are tor weakkidneys.Your neighbors use and recommendthem.I Read this Paris testimony.Mrs. A. L. Burley, 329 Eighth street,Paris, says: "I have used Doan's Kidney Pills a few times, getting themfrom the Ardery Drug Co., and fromthe benefr 1 received. I certainlythink they are a good, reliable remedyWhenever my kidneys have been irregular in action or my back has bee.iweak and lame, I have used a boxbrso of Doan's Kidney Pills. They hav.always relieved me of the complaint."Price 50 cents, at all dealers. Don''simply ask for a kidnev remedy getDoan'"'- Kidney Pills th same thatMrs. Burley had. Foster Milburn Co .Props.. Buffalo. N. Y. (adv)FARMERS' INSTITUTE MEETING jAT WINCHESTER CALLED OFF jCommissioner of Agriculture Cohenhas called off the State Farmers' Institute, scheduled to be held in Win! Chester, February 28, March 1 and 2.Commissioner Cohen found that itwould be impossible to secure accom'modations for the delegates, as Wjnj Chester is -overflowing with oil men.! Lexington and Hopkinsville are bidding for the institute and if suitabledates can be arranged later it is probable that the meeting will be held inone of these cities. As the institutehas been advertised to be held in Win- jChester, Commissioner Cohen is of theopinion that the time is boo short toprepare to hold it in either of theother places on the same dates.SEVERE COLD QUICKLY CURED."On December first I had a very ss-vere cold or attack of the grip as it 4may be. and was nearly down sick m,bed," writes O. J. Metcalf, Waterby,Mo. "I bought two bottles of Cham-hprlain's Cough Remedy and it wasonly a few days until I was completelyrestored to health. I firmly Denevethat Chamberlain's Cough Remedy isone of tiie very best medicines an Iwill know what to do when I have another cold." Obtainable everywhere.(Feb-adv)STATE UNABLE TO MAKECOUNTIES PROVIDE ROADoAttorney General Logan iias givenRodman Wiley. Commissioner of Public Roads, an opinion in which he heH(that the State has no means of compelling a county to maintain a roai1j built jointly with State and countylaid except by withdrawing State aid.When a county fails to maintain th.?road in accordance with the law, Attorney General Logan says mat tne uommissioner of Public Roads must notifythe county that it can not receive anymore State aid until it makes provision for the" maintenance of State aidroads.COUNT FIFTYf 1PA1NS "AND NEURALGIA GONE... t .Instant Relief! Rub This Nerve Torture and Misery Right OutWith St. Jacob's Oil."Rub this soothing, penetrating oilright into the sore, inflamed nerves,and like magic neuralgia disappears.' St. Jacob's Oil" conquers pain. It is;a harmless "neuralgia relief" whichdoesn't bum or disorder the skin.Don't suffer! It's so needless. Geta small trial bottle from any drugstore and gently rub tilie "aching jnerves," and in just a moment youwill be absolutely free from pain and:suffering. "No difference whether your pain orineuralgia is in the face, head or any 'i part of the body, you get instant relict jj withthis old-time, .honest pain do-i stroyer it cannot injure.(adv)W,,N cn omiNws ti-uoTO THE CHILDREN.A child rarely goes through thewhole winter without a cold, and everymother should have a reliable remedyhandy. Fever, sore throat, tight chest.congested lungs and stop the cough,jits antiseptic pine balsatns heal anu, soothe For croup, Whooping COUgll!jmd chronic bronchial troubles try Dr.jBeirs pine Tar Honey At all Drug.fgts 25c.(Feb-adv)A SouthernerSays It MaIt's True,He Speaks IiIt seems somehow that the love of truthis inborn in every Southerner and itsticks right close to him for all his daysjust like a life-long friend.That's why, friends, when I hear peoplepraising me all over the South saying"SOVEREIGN is King of Them All" -well,it is true that's all.For example, I heard one gentleman saythe other clay: "Here is the finest cigaYou Folks of the South KNOW good Mood!You Folks of the South KNOW good tobacco!No doubt of it all. Good breeding does count. Quality does tell. So, let's you and mebe thereal friends that we ought to be. And, here is something more for you to think aboutI am guaranteed by M -Buy me.If you don't like me return me to your dealer and getyour money back I have said it A Southern gentleman is knownthe world over for keeping his word, and I have given you mine.S,.Bourbon Building &Loan AssociationIN REAR OF BANKEntrance on Fourth StreetDR. WM. KENNEYEye, Ear, Nose and Throat.ROOMS 403-404.PHONE 136.WM, GRANINANAttorneyatLawROOMS 401-402.REMOVAL INOTSCEThe firm of Hutchcraft & Cline, attorney, has been dissolved, Mr. Hutchcraft retiring. Mr. Cline will continuethe business of the above firm and canbe found in his new offices on thefourth floor of the First National BankBuilding. (jan30-lmo)PILES! PILES! PILES!WILLIAMS' INDIAN PILE OINTMENTnil Curo Blind, Bleeding and itching Piles.It absorbs the tumors, allays itching at once,acts as a Poultice, gives instant relief.For by all druggists, mail 50o and SimWILLIAMS MFG. CO., Props., Cleveland, OhioOBERDORFER, The Druggist.Professional Cards.JfV f-Writes ItFOR THE EWTIJEMAM OP THE SOUTH"Mnf of ffi&m, CUC -$? &g&fc4-M"S"i lillIH4HIHHIfHHIIHIH t tl'M iMti 4tSTACY - ADAMS. SHOESit$7-00 and $7-50ITake Advantage of These Pricesand Save Money.X.5HARRYvrette I ever smoked. I never buy anyother. The finest product of Virginia andCarolina tobacco, in all its mildness, andsweetness and mellowness."Yes It's great to be a SOVEREIGN. It'sfine to have real breeding back of you, tobe brought up in a fine, white, healthyhome, and to hear so many nice thingsfrom so many friends down South hereamong you all. And the reason is justthis it's becauseAgencyLINVILLEmd Thinks ItIi4Tr'jh rA5:XVTmiSDAY. FEBRUARY 20, 1916.THE BOURBON NEWS, PARIS, KY.PAGE THREVWAR DEPARTMENTCALLS FOR RECRUITSHEBE'S A HAPPY "TANLAC FAMILY"Sisters Join Their Mother In Declaring Tanlac MeantNew Start In Life For Them.WASHINGTON, Feb. 19. The WarDepartment has called upon individual citizens, patriotic societies andorganizations, many of which have offered their services since the break ofrelations with Germany, to help get recruits for the army,i It is the first step of the kind everi taken by the government in time ofpeace, army officers say, and is regardj ed as a forcible illustration of the needWilliamseH - IIli IIjjg asthe army teeis lor more men.A circular letter sent out is introduced wiUi a statement that those whon-rr lntaractoil in nronirof1nP5R "O.fLVw0MRS. JOHN LOWE.MISS FRANCES RIIRNPTTMRS. S. C. BURNETT."Someone suggested the other daythat we tack a sign on our house sav-'ing, "This Is a Tanlac Family.' That'sbecause my two daughters and I talkso much about Tanlac. We all wearthe Tanlac Smile, too," Mrs. S. C.Burnett, 1408 Walnut street, said."But why shouldn't we talk aboutit when we feel that it has done us aworld of good. Everyone of us hasbeen helped by Tanlac and I'll tell youwe can't say too much for it."First my older daughter, Mrs. JohnLowe, tried it. She had lost 30 poundsand was so run down and nervous thateven the rumbling of a wagon or theslamming of a door would upset herfor hours. We feared we would haveto send her to a hospital."I honestly believe that Tanlacsaved her from complete breakdown.Nothing else seemed to help her. ButTanlac put her on her feet again rightquick. Today she is one of the happiest women in Cincinnati."Then Frances became run downsort of half-sick. She had dizzv"spells. We were going to take herout of school because she kept complaining of spots and webs before hereyes. Her complexion got pasty andshe didn't look a bit well. Tanlachowever, proved to bejust the thingshe needed and now she is back ingood health again.Mother Was Half-Sick."As for myself, I felt almost thegame as Mrs. Lowe. My stomachtroubled me. My appetite was poorand I suffered after eating with bloating and belching of gas. But withthe help of Tanlac I got rid of thesetroubles and now I feel simply splendid. "But I started out at first to tellyou about Mrs. Lowe. She simplythought she was going to die. Shefelt so bad I believe she almost wouldhave been glad to have it all ended.It was just pitiful to watch her. Herweight dropped from 140 to 110pounds. She couldn't eat without being sick. We had just about givenher up. Then we heard of Tanlac andshe tried it. All of a sudden sheseemed to take new interest in life.Within a week she began eating solidfood, just like she did before she hadtrouble with her stomach. The foodnourished her, too, and she began taking on weight. She slept sound andit seemed like no time before she wasfeeling well again.Helps Youngest Girl."One day Frances was up to seeher sister. She's the youngest, youknow. She was feeling bad and Mrs.Lowe gave her some Tanlac. It madeher feel better and she came home andsaid, 'Mama, I believe that new tonicuiul ntiipeu sister win ao me somegood. Please get me a bottle.' So Idid and do you know that in a weekshe began to feel better. Now sheeats all she wants, sleeps well anddoesn't have those dizzy spells orspots' before her eyes when she isstudying."I was such a firm believer in Tanlac by the time it had built up thehealth of my two girls that I gotsome for myself. It certainly tonedup my system. I used to have nervous spells but they are all gone now.I got back my appetite and now Isleep as well as I did before my stomach started to bother me."I tell you Tanlac has done a lotfor our family and we can't say toomuch good about it."IU1C IUI.1 OU-l 11 il VJtt vV.-r.! render no more effective service atpresent than by using their utmost influence to recruit the regular army tothe strength authorized by law."Particular emphasis is given in another section of the letter to the dcQiraiiilitv of havirnr individuals, socio-'ties or associations give immedate asisistance in obtaining the men nowneeded,j The plans are specified by which tinassistance can be rendered. The first'is "by encouraging the qualified men to! enlist at once," and the second sugigests that information be given "to thenearest recruiting ollicer lor me wwas to the names and addresses of qualified men who are likely to enlist.All the regiments need from 200 to400 additional men.The Navy Department also hasiro.i ncsidnnpo from civilians and organizations in recruiting work. RearAdmiral Palmer, in charge of recruit-'ing work, said tihat the Navy Leaguewas conducting an active recruitingcampaign and other similar bodies-were being interested in the worK.More than 1,400 recruits were enhsteaby the navv last month and indicationsjare that a new record will be made in1' tiui uai .IT. S. SAILROS LIBERATED.rmri iv iroii in. America Gov-men vho were brought prisoners toGermanv, on boaru me oriu&n a..Yarrowdale, have been liberated.shttJL 1 J-i J-ixtpt VRf'RRSARY NOW.I ,v"i urAcsiiivrrrnN. Feb. 19. The Unit-ernmont laU Thursday had announcedits intention to make a pereinptu.,(lemand upon Germany to releasefrrthwjth the seventy-two Americansailors held prisoners after ineir capture of the British steamer u,,...;,.,i ti,o it would countenance noeffort -co delay their liberation onwhatever pietext, was muu -,clear.THE BEST RECOMMENDATION.The strongest reccjmmendation anyirticle may receive is a favorauieworS from the user. It is the recommendations of those who have ,.that makes Chamberlain's Cough Remedv so popular. Mrs. Amanda Giernart Wanesfield, Ohio, writes.Chamberlain's Cough Remedy Jbeen used in my family off and on fortwenty years and it has never feUedto cure a cough or cold. ObtamaDieverywhere. ,r.,ivII FLOUR. :"' ,II iw' - ' ' mjsfe.Kii-iiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiil Tlother soys this flour is best l3PiiiiiiJHliiiii!!ii)iiiiiui!i!!iiii!i!ii!iiiiii!il T K iy VKKY'R. wmmmmMMHmTanlac, the master medicine andreconetructive tonic, is sold exclusively in PARIS by Varden & Son.Other exclusive agents in nearbyto-wus are as follows:HUTCHISON Snell & Wood; MIL-LERSBURG, W. G. Wadell; ELIZABETH, Oscar Smith; CARLISLE,Tureman & Son; GEORGETOWN, 0.H. Arnold; WINCHESTER, Duty DrugCompanv; AUSTERLITZ, B. S. ParrJsh. (adv)WHITLOCK TRANSFERRED TO HAVRE.WASHINGTON, Feb. 19. BrandWhitlock, Americam Minister to Belgium, will be recalled from Brusselsand sent to Havre, where the BelgianGovernment now is established, it waslearned at ttie State Department Thursday.Secretarv of State Lansing announced that he has received confirmation of the report that Mr. Whit, lock was requested to lower the American flag from the embassy in Brussels. The Secretary made it plain thatthis was a request and not an orderIfroni the German officials.Hj M4 I 1 1 1 I 1 1 1 1 m h mil I 1 1 1 I I 1 i n I I i n "AUTOMOBILE HEARSE OR AMBULANCEI desire to aS230 t oar friends iiiat I can, where desired,furnish an autorfc hetr or ambulance. This method oftransportation li especially desired on long trips, the iuw being made In better time, and at no advance in cost over tnehorse-drawn conveyance.GEO. W. DAVIS. Funeral Director.1 1 II II II I 1 H1 1 tf T t " " ' " ' ' fcAlTl mlFIRE AT MIDDLESBORO.MIDr.LESBORO, KY., Feb. 16.-TJMtipple and washer of the Hignite CoalCompany burned this morning. Theloss is oer $30,000, with no insurance.F"OR A BILIOUS ATTACKWhen you have a severe headache,accompanied by a coated tongue,loathing of food, constipation, torpidHver vomiting of partly digested foodand then bile, you may know thatd". ,. o co.vnre bilious attack.While'you may be quite sick there ismuch consolation in Knowing -lief may be nau oy lawb "Chamberlain's Tablets. They areprompt and effectual. Obtainableeverywhere. ,o,iCU-uu . .IF YOUare troubled with dandruff, itchingscalp, and your hair coming out, weask you to tryFor Sal 2 by All Leading Dealers.BERNSTORFF ON WAY HOME.WASHINGTON, Feb. 19. Carryingsale conducts from Great Britain andFrance for himself and party, Countvon Bernstorff, the retiring GermanAmbassador to the United States,has started on his way forBerlin. After touching at Halilax fo-an examination of her cargo by theBritiah authorities, the steame.'Frederick VIII., on which the Ambassador is a passenger, will sail forCopenhagen, whence the party willmake their way into Germany.twin Bros. Department StoreSiventb and main Sts. Paris, Kentucky1 Tobacco CottonWONDERFUL STUFF!LIFT OUT YOUR CORNS.ey J' )i2 S K3&W3E5Kr-o'"- 3KHAIR TONICon our guarantee that it will giveyou relief and satisfaction or moneyrefunded. Sold only by us, 50c and?l-00.OBERDOFER, The Druggist,Paris Kentucky.Apply a Few Drops then Lift Corns orCallouses Off With Fingers.On Pain.Be Ready toGrasp anOpportunity!Tomonow-tM. rery day- few hundred dollars might give yon a.ktnee ta business, in real estate, that would start you on the road towealth.HAVE TOTT THE FEW HTODBED? If you haven't, make up yourMind to accumulate that sum, for thereto telling when such an opporHnity will present itself.Start a Bank Account TodayPartners' & Traders' Bank..:Z.mdoritliesitateoryoull JWUtp!-hat5now-5forfliCoMma surex.. i wjnh . r. trotc; wv.''trA-r wi r .IJTSUutMasJt. P. KISBR, PTMlditJNO. J. M.CLINTOCK, Caihlerwm. almas. boUmmt. .t:wuSixth and Main Streets feris, KjrWELL, that snowstorm's coming (orthat snow storm'shere) and you'd better getin that ton of coal your furnace is yearning for. Thereis only one way to get comfort in the winter timebuy it by the ton.FOX RIDGEHot StuffW. G. D0DS0NNo humbug! Any corn, whetherhard, soft or between the toes, willloosen right up and lift out, withouta particle of pain or soreness.This drug is called Freezone anu isa compound of ether discovered by aCincinnati man.Ask any drug store for a smallbottle of Freezone, wniah win cost justa trifle, but is sufficient to rid one'sfeet of every corn or callous.Put a few drops directly upon antondpr no.hine corn or callous, instantly the soreness disappeais andshortly the corn or callous will loosenand can be lifted on witn me lingers.This drug Freezone doesn't eat oulcorns or callouses, but sttirivels themwithout even irritating the surroundingskin.Just tthink! No pain at all; no soreness or smarting when applying it orafterwards. If your druggist don't haveFreezone have him order it for you.(adv)All Grades at LowestPrices.2I Twin Bros. Dep't Store jCONSTIPATION MAKES YOU DULLThat draggv, listless, oppressed feeling generally results from constipation. TBie intestines are clogged andthe blood becomes poisoned. Relievethis condition at once with Dr. King sNew Life Pills; this gentle, non-gripinglaxative is quickly effective. Adose at bedtime will make you fealbrighter in the morning, uet u uu.-tie to-day at your .uru&siaw "-Germany, it is said, wants to prevent war with the United States, butGermany knows how that can be done,having -been informed in .plain languageyby President Wilson more thanonce.SOMETHING GOOD.Those who hate nasty medicineshould try Chatnberlian's Tablets forconstipation. They are pleasant toxi Za vott. atftm.t is so aereeablpand so natural that you will not realize that it has been .produced by amedicine. Obtainable evergv)Bourbon Laundry jDWIS & FUNK, Props.Telephone No. 4. West 5 Street. JiL -iSKrL '&is$fflruMBtt'iinKr,,, iihf-ifcteF"! Satisfaction is OnrWatchwordWith all the latest improvements in laundryannliannes FanH avTvrffjZ nOmOY'O XXra Ova -rfWArxn-mt. - .rrr '--& I j i. :Kr j.-rJ5rw - J none and solicit yourmi patronage.ZJXBourbon Laundry,Paris Kentucky.-y- tirt-f,iW3WJPVtwmm.u.JiimJ'v'MiAmwiii jmwmjui' 'i 9rwc,r3T!Eam&w-iKimPAGE FOURTHE BOURBON NEWS, PARIS, KY.TUESDAY, FEBRUARY 20, 191C.lMiI ttFEBRUARY EVERYSTUDENT.PARIS BOWLING LEAGUE.The Curtis Henry team defeated theR. P. Walsh team in the game Thursday night at the Fordham Alleys by amajority of 155 pins. For the Henryteam Lytle scored first honors bvbowling 184 in Uie first game, withShanklin second by a score' of 173.Hill came to the front as high man are especially noteworthy. Anionsfr tvio wnih tonm witii n spvp nr them are: "Basket Ball Ghat," andjGREAT TIME IN LOCALPYTHIAN CIRCIThe February number of "Everystu-dent," the Paris High School monthly Thursday night will be a great timepublication, is just off the press ot hi local Pythian circles, as it will beTHE NEWS job rooms, and is a most the celebration of the founding of thecreditable issue, being brimful of good order by Justus Rathbone, over sixtythings from first to last. The contn- years ago, and will also be in the na-butions by the students to the current ture of a home-coming celebration forissue of the well-known publicationRELIGIOUS.the members of the order.Tjhe members of Rathbone Lodge No.12, of this city, are making: extensive179 in the third game, Duncan coming "Maysville Defeated," by the athletic J preparations for celebrating the event? ,i wu 175 Tvtio oic nnrri. editors; "An Attack of : Small Pox, by A fine program of decidedly interestingCi'Iod T3cilfrTl Tred off the highest average in con- German poems,"test, making 164. Tfie score follows: Edna SnaDD. vernita Baldwin and, Ma; "Translations of features has been prepared and will beby Fannie Heller, carried out to the very letter. TheoiServices will be iheld at St. Peter'sEpiscopal church, in this city, to-morrow(Ash Wednesday) at 10:30 a. m.and at 7:30 p. m. Services will also beheld Friday night at this church at7:00 o'clock.THE PARIS HOME SCHOOL.CURTISJTaulconerShanklandHarper . .I.ytleHenryHENRY1152173145184169Totals 823R. P. WALSH.1Hill 132Douglas 133Kenton 152Bridges 174"Duncan. 175144129167142148730143119116131159,bel Galloway; "Why It Pays to Tell3 the Truth," Vv Elizabeth Snapp; "Jus167 tice," by vVm. Brophy; "Woods In156 Early Spring." by Dorothy Tingle;136 "Truth," by Thelma Squires; "Hope,"166 D' Jennie Link; editorial contribu110 tions by members of the staff; "Was Ita Dream?" by Lutie Crowe; lyric0" poems on "Truth," "Thoughts" and',oU .'Faith," by E,jna Snapp, Ruth Lin-ville and Eleanor Lytle; "Truhtfulness3 'and Honesty" by Raymond Conneli;17 "Honesty," by Robert Lavin; "The137 Death of Brutus and Cassius," by Vir-l'3 ginia Dundon; "Scansion, by J. Tayiin lor, and "A Quilting Party." by LouiseConneli.110145Totals 766 668 699Henry & Co 22S8R. P. Walsh 2133TWO FARMS SELL SATURDAY.Henry &. Co. Majorityis;Auctioneer Geo. D. Speakes sold atthe court house door in this city Saturday afternoon, for Mr. S. KennevNichols, of Paris, his farm of 292acres, located on the Bethlehem qikofour miles from Paris, at $160 peracre, Mr. W. B. Allen, of Paris, being. t tt . i ey t- i the purchaser. The farm is one oHon. Reuben B. Hutchcraf L Jr Rep- Uc gegt -n the CQUnty being weJ1improved, and has on it a substantialbrick residence of seven rooms, whichprincipal address of the evening willhe made by Past Grand Chancellor R.A. Young, of Winchester, and addresses will also be made by membersof the local order, who are used tospeaking in public.The Third Rank will be conferred ona number of candidates by the DegreeTeam of Rathbone Lodge, and at theconclusion of the work a luncheon willbe served, and the members of thelodge and their guests will have asmoker and general all-round goodtime. Every member of the locallodge is urgently requested to dropeverything else they may have on handfor Thursday night, and attend themeeting, which gives promise of beingone of the biggest events in the historyof Pythianism in Paris.ST. MARY'S COMING.The following pupils of the ParisHome School, of which Mrs. W. A.Harp is Director, have received firstand second honors in the second quarter of the first semester:College Preparatory Agues Turner,98 3-5; Eighth Grade Louise Itednion, 96 8-9; Willa Redmon, 94 2-9;Seventh Grade Raymond Turner, 93Anna May Young, 97, Louise Letton,97; FifWi Grade May Juliet Letton,97, Bernice Calvert, 97, Amanda ClayCollins, 97; Fourth Grade AliceBrooks Bridwell, 97 4-7, Frances Redmon, 96 7-9; Third Grade FlorenceClark Collins, 96 1-9, John WilliamRedmon, 95 2-7; Second Grade MarySpears, 98 3-8, Mary Frances Young,97; First Grade William Saner, 97 2-7,Kenneth Caldwell, 97 2-7, Mary AliceCollins. 97 2-7.A. F. WHEELER'SisFeb. and Harck SaleON BRASS AND IRON BEDSD. A. R. TO ENTERTAIN.BEPRESENTATIVE HUTCHCRAFTGOES TO LEGISLATURETocsntjitiv from Bourbon County mthe General Assembly of the Kentuckylegislature, aim oecrcuuj in uue r . . . ,., - Theuenuing - i u a r ,.i,.tucky Tax Commission, is athe meetinc of the Legislature inFrankfort, which is in special sessionfarm Jias been used for nearly fortryears as a stock farm, and has a largeamaort. wmcn ib m bpewai Ba.u acreage that hasll.t been plowed underMr. Hutchcraft expects to be absent l nfJ?Lntv vnr. havine beentoe law dlpartmeiftTf retained as pasturage for the Nicholsthe law aeparimem. ol . niirimi.r ThP farm is one oftered there.Auctioneer Speakes also sold onSaturday morning for Mr. LuncefordJTalbott, the latter's fine farm of nine-Jty-oneacres, located on the Levy pikone and one-half miles from NorthPresence of mind in . emergency MWdtetown to Mr Wm McCray rorabout four .eekshis classes inKentucky University will be in charge.ot Messrs. Clifton M. Harbison, u. w.Vaughn and Spencer Carrick, of theLexington bar.HAS NARROW ESCAPE.tt. i. T rn..:1.. ooi'o li".UU UUl u.v;i u.betng seriously burned. ' "'' i elLh,t r?,irtwi her clothing caught Are from a J "meSTMr. Vbott has beengas sioe. .... : nnr imoltii for mttp time, and de--enabled Mrsherself fromis swe. . health for some time.jvirs Anbier suu.fe .a w. - disDOse oC his county homeDiCK lO Uie SIOVC, Wlieii uci wuuinui, -nd retire from farming.amrht fir from a sudden burst ot uflame from one of the jets in the stovoMrs. Trisler managed to get the out- CHANGE 0F FRm ATinrr ninth eown unbuttoned and discarded in time to save Jierself from seTious and perhaps fatal burns.MflRGOLEN'S. SPECIALSFor This WeekCITY RESTAURANT.Mr. :n Tunis, senior member ofthe firm of Tunis & Panetsos, proprietor of the City Restaurant, adjoiningFordham Hotel, has sold out his interest in the place to Mr. Telem Salamas, wno nas oeen conducting a resThe report was given out that theY. M. C. A. played its last game of theseason on the home floor with Versailles, some week ago, which was ingood faith, at the time. The localschedule was ended; but in responseto the evident interest manifested ina game to he played between thisteam and the one representing St.Mary's College, (party because of thefact that a Paris boy is a member ofthe latter team), the "Y" is scheduling this contest at twice the expense ofany previous.The above reasons should guaranteean unusual interest on the part ofthose interested in either of the teamsor both. Furthermore the St. Mary'steam is a good one we hear; addedevidence being afforded by the factthat they heat the strong RichmondNormal team decisively. It is remembered tihat the latter beat Centre College earlier in the season and brokoeven with the local team in twogames. Paris winning the first andB. S. K. N. Uie second.The Y. M. C A. squad was crippledseverely before the last two or thresgames, by the loss of two of its bestmen. It is hoped that by Tuesday'sgame Dawes and Thompson will bsable to join Uie team in one final reunion and help end the season witha victory for Paris.The game will be called TuesdayThe observance of Washington'sBirthday, Thursday, will be made amemorable occasion in Paris by thentertainment to be given that afterneon at 2:30 in the Masonic Templein Uiis city by Jemima Chapter, D. A.R., of Paris.Elaborate prepaiations are going forward for the celebration of the event.A program of patriotic music and recitations has been arranged and will bepresented, to he followed by a series ofcolonial dances by young ladies andgentlemen attired in the costumes ofthe Revolutionarv period. A socialhour will follow the rendition of theprogram, during which handsomeyoung ladies, attired in Colonial costumes, will serve refreshments. An invitation is extended to the public to attend.fhtmtHi li !H i ' , V-,. LV'Mriiii: !m l"v Ii wmB-4 TIREInsure withW.O.HUMTON &SON,Agtstaurant in Mt. Sterling for several! night, February 20, at 8 o'clock. Theregular admission of 25 cents will becharged.$100,000 FIRE IN MILL.Fire early Sunday in the sulphitenull of the International Paper Company, at Watretown, New York, causedupward of $100,000 damage to the finishing, boiler and storage rooms.Fire, wind and lightning insurance. Thomas, Woodford & Bryan.COUNTY SCHOOL TEACHERSTO RECEIVE PAY.IMPORTANT NOTICETO THE PUBLIC.Delicious Home KilledMM ATSOur Main Specialty... tvc T,,t?o will rofnrn t.- FinnVCU1B. 1111. 1 UIHO v, in ifcin... ...ihlle, whe-e he will form a partnership in the restaurant business withhis brother Mr. Gus Tunis.The business of the City Restaurantin the future will be conducted by Mr.Salamas and Mr. Angele Panetsos,junior member of the old firm, under According to a recent act of Coniiio firm nn.-np nf Panetsos & Salamas. ! pta; thf Pnris nostoflice will be clos-rtaining the old name of the City j ed on all National holidays.Restaurant. The patrons of the old j Beginning Thursday, Feb. 22, (Wasn, firm regret the departure of Mr. Tunis, j ington's Birthday) there will be novlio. hy hH gentlemanly manners and j mail delivered by either city or R. P.cose attention to the wants of his n carriers. No business whatever willpr.trnn(! tnv'? a host of friends here. !h tmnsnotnd exeeot the disDatchinc of ers will not go forward lor tne nexi,the regular mail on the trains, the de ten days on account of the depleted'livery of special delivery letters and condition ot the school fund.i-nMMci i a qporx writer ! the service of those having boxes, sim-1CONNELL A SPORT WRITER. lartothat previousiy rendered on j FINE SALE OF JERSEYS.- .. Cinwlolri' if- T TVifiit r'ominll 5fin rT Mr . Juiiucijo.','' Toin T PnnnPlI nf Paris who ' There will be two collections onand Mrs John J. Conneli, of Pans . between Second and Four-is a stuaent at uie iveutuuK. umvci-,- :. ' . 0 on .. iThe teachers of the Bourbon countyychools will soon receive their moneyas a warrant for the amount due 2.600,has been received here by Miss MabelKobbins, County Superintendent ofSchools, from. Superintendent of Punlie Instruction V. O. Gilbert, at Frankfort. Warrants aggregating $448,S65,20 due the school teachers from theFebruary installment have been sentout. Checks to the city school teach-All Kinds ofFfesh FishDressed to Order Free.JlflRGOLEN'STHE SANITARY MEAT MARKETJU a. m.the oUier at 4:00 p. m.J. Y ALTER PAYNE, P.i,i.. .- t ..: ,i ,,,, iQ.. r H. A teentn sirees one ai &ll. 111 UCAIllBWUt u mviuuv. w- .w.reportorial staff of the Kentucky Kernel. the official publication of the Uni-I ,-.r. 5i. -morla Vila Hahllf H Jl RflOrt'! writer in Uie last issue of the Kernel. LOCAL ENTRIES INMr. Conneli contributed a classily-written account of the Tennessee-Ken-1tucky basket ball recently played at;Lexington.amiM.BIG LATONIA STAKE.FROZEN TO DEATH.George Brent, an aged negro, whohad been in s-lavery times the propertyof the late Brutus J. Clay, in thiscounty, was found dead in bed in hisroom in Singer's Alley, in this city,where he lived alone. There had beenEntries to tihe big $40,000 Latoniaj Championship Stake tor three-year-olds(for 1919 are coming in at a rapid rate.General Manager John Hachmeister, oftthe Latonia Jockey Club, announcesthat he is confident that a total ofthree hundred will be reached, andthat even Uiis figure may be exceeded. Mr. Arthur B. Hancock, of Paris, wi'lbe represented by sixteen sires. Eighteen of his entries are by his own great, at- l n-n1.... r. nni.lno lire in uie piuuu auuucuu; iwi oc-i . n .. .. ft,rt,. aiQ!o o? v.q.i j i t- ,1nt,1 Viol Kooiila,lc VCll, CllV- uuicj nuiciiv-oii dll w&. erai aays, ana Dreiu a ucuuu nau unreused by exposure, he having literFOR FRIDAY AISATURDAYCeleryFresh TomatoesCurly LettuceHead LettuceRadishes . SalsifyNew TurnipsSpinachSweet PotatoesNew BeetsStrawberriesDressed TurkeysSteaks, Chops, RoastsOystersWILMOTHGrocery Go.Phone 376ally frozen to death.SINCE WHEN?The Tampa, lia., correspondence ofthe Sunday Courier-Journal in its notesof Kentucky visitors, has the following: "The Rev. V A. Freeman and Mrs.Freeman, of Paris, are at Fort Myersfor a few weeks stay. Mr. Freemanis pastor of the First Methodistchurch at Paris, and preached at theFirst Methodist church at Fort Myerslast Sunday."Mr. and Mrs. M. H. Darby andchild, of Paris, are recent arrivals atFort Myers."Mrs. May Stoncr Clay and daughter, jMiss Alice Rogers Clay, of Mayheld,and their guest, Miss Jeanette Sherrill,have gone from Fort Myers to Naplesto spend several weeks."ing Prince Adhem, Vulcain, Peep 'ODay, Plaudit, Fair Play, and Ballot.Representatives of such great racehorses and sires as Polymelus, Santry,Spanish Prince. Myrom, Adam Bede.Sun Star, Spearmint and Junior makup his list.snr.rwvrnn 'U il'U, tLl. ...-. Hi FLU$30.00 Brass Beds for$52.00 Brass Beds for ....$35.00 Brass Beds forThis is OurBig Week onBrass andIron Beds.Many Patterns toPick From at a BIGSAVING.$23.75$37.00$26.00The Great Simmons Steel BedsAny Finish Oak,Walnut, Mahogany,White and V. M.Styles,At a BigSaving.$ 4.50 Iron Beds, full size, for .....$ 8.00 Iron Beds, full size, for$ 18.00 Iron Beds, full size, for$12.00 Iron Beds, full size, for.....Priijij' -' ii;-$ 3.00$ 5.25$14.25$ 9.25OUR FEBRUARY AND MARCH 5ALEA. F. WHEELER & CO.CHAS. GREEN, ManagerMain Street Paris, Kentucky4..I..I...I.4..t..4i.I.4..IniMi.4..i.,iMi.,i.4,.i..ilililli4.l..flM Inll . ..Seventy-five head of Jersey andGuernsev ctyvs, Uie property of Mr.Sanf-onl C. Carpenter, of Millersburg.were disposed of at public sale at theM. J. Murphy & Co. stock pens, in thiscity, Friday. The sale was a largelyattended one, and the prices realizedfor the animals vore said to have beenabout as good as those realized at th-Vlast year's sales. The prices ranged jfrom ?65 to ?125, the lot averaging $80per head. Twelve yearling heiferswere disposed of at prices rangingfrom ?55 to $57.50. Five two-year-oldheifers brought from $75 to $125 each.This sale was conducted by Auctioneers George D. Speakes, of Paris,and E. Haskins, of Mayslick.Public SaleOFLi Live Stock, Implements,Etc.BOURBON MAN BUYSPART OF ELMENDORF. I will sell at public sale on theBayless farm, near Ruddles Mills,Mr. Beverly White, of Bourbon known as the old Bedford farm, fivecounty, has purchased three hundred j miles from Paris, on the Ruddles Millsacres of the Elmendorf estate, lying on pike, onthe Maysville pike, in Fayette county,near tf Muir Station pike.Mr. Whitp has been a verv successful farmer in Bourbon county for sev- beginning at ten o'clock a. m.oral vears, and was the owner of the lowing:Huiciicraff farm near Hutchison. The! 1 work horse, 9 years old;Wednesday, Feb. 21, 1917,the fol-SOLDIER BOYS RETURN.Thirty-nine members of Co. C Second Regiment, Kentucky NationalGuard, recently returned from El Paso,Texas, to the military station at Ft.Thomas, near Newport, (have arrived inLexington. The members will returnto their homes as soon as musteredout of service. Among the numberare Jos. Holt, Alvin Thomas. Roy Keller, all of Paris.SUPPER POSTPONED.The oyster supper scheduled for Friday night by the members of the Baraca Class of the Paris Baptist church,has been indefinitely postponed. Matters which came up after the date forthe supper had been decided upon,caused a change of plans. The supnor win he held some time soon, thetime and; place to be announced later. JElmendorf lands which (he bought lie intriangular form, and one well-improvedfor stock-raising -purposes. There is a1 buggy 3iorse, 6 years old ;1 work horse, 11 years old;1 milk cow, 6 yeare old, fresh Febru-L..V1V l .commodious house upon the farm, ;ary iy; ,.which Mr. White proposes to remodel 1 cow, due to fresh last of March,and improve, and occupy it as a home. 6 years old ;The report of the sale was confirmedesterday by Mr. C. H. Berryman. Itis understood that the purchase pricewas about $70,000.BOURBON MINISTER INVITED TOADDRESS MISSOURI ASSEMBLYRev. John Christopherson, pastor ofthe North Middletown Christianchurch, and president of the North Middletown College, has been invited bythe Commission on Social Service andthe Rural Church,, of the Church ofDisciples, to deliver an address to themembers of -the Bethany Assembly atColumbia, Mo., which convenes in Columbia, August 7 to 11, inclusive. RevChristopherson has been asked to address the Assembly on the subject ofhis work in the North Middletowncommunity, and on "The Function andtihe Future of the Rural Churches.It is probable that he will accept.8 shoats;100 chickens;3 turkey hens and one gobbler;2 wagons;1 buggy, 2 sets harness;1 Bemis tobacco setter, good as new;1 Reynolds harrow;1 wheat drill;And several other farm implements,etc.20 barrels pickled corn, white, moreor less; t2,000 tobacco sticks;1 sled.TERMS Sums under $20 cash inhand; sums over $20 a six month approved negotiable note, to bear interest at 6 per cent from day of sale until paid, will be required.LUTHER LINVTLLE,R. F. D. No. 5, Paris, Ky.Cumb. phone 30 .(R, Mills Ex.)GEO. D. SPEAKES, Auctioneer. - :(20feb-lt)VULCAN 3Sr PLOWSMade by The Vulcan Plow Co,, Evaas-.iae.hfi.VULCAN JL 4Well Finished, Strong Durable, Light Draft.Rib Strengthened Mold, Full Chilled Shinpiece, InterlockedPoint9 Land and Standard. Point has Face Chill, Wide EdgeChill, Long Snoot Chill, Patented Extension and is theSTRONGEST and MOST DURABLE Chilled Point made.Whn buying a Plow, consider Quality First, Price SecondFOR SALE BYI. Ball GarageCor. Fourth and Pleasant St. .Agents Buick AutomobilesGoodyear Tires.Our Vulcanizing Departmentis equipped with steam vulcanizer and run by an expert;Steam Heated GarageOPEN DAY AND NIGHTtnnnnihmnmnuininiiuAilM ,Ti!MTUESDAY, FEBRUARY 20, 1916.THE BOURBON NEWS, PARIS, KY.PAGE FIVSSOCIAL AND PERSONAL.Yarden Shipp, Mrs. Mary Elizabeth, Rhodes and Maud Parrish. ii Mrs. Katherine Davis Craig andlittle son are guests of relatives in Lex-1ington. y jJ Miss Winnie Williams, who hasbeen quite ill at her home on Pleasant ,Comings and Goings of OurPeople Here, There andElsewhere.HOUSE DRESSESFOR THE BESTClSwhjSPRING WASH SUITS.Tor taie little fellows from 2M: to 7ears. Nobby combinations of colors,lit) J. W. WAVIS & CO.PETITION IN BANKRUPTCY.ana. .uiibviiie, incu- 0f friends at Rosedale, near Covington,Alice ppiio unr.tnn i. . i c several days last week. ,a vis 1 it LH? .lefLrnda7 f?4' "Mrs. W. C. Powell and children.--- -. uoiij oiewan, in X tiita o,i o,,ia -o.--. v. . vt KJJ 11 1U Ul)Chicago.visiting- Mrs.T- llf i '-. , . X .. . IMr. and Mr t t rn...i .. '"" a parents, air. anu Mrs. Jolly, atofcofMt81 WeekMr' J' H- n- '"Mr. Samuel Harding, of the county.Mr. W. N. Woodall. an employe of'ho V1he Louisville & Nashville, in. Paris, ", "omevitu no assets excepting such as arewho has been under medical treatmentTVTicc A 1 in i T)... i i . .. "im utui iius returnen tn i, t- it-i n .-.ii ,-,...her hnmp nr to ,,T 7 " "1C -" n"'e" nuspiuii, m i,inciRrplntivAQ i TV!nrV- nati for soire time has returned to!ATrc ni,Q..if Ain. .i . i is nome,greatly improved.exempt, filed a petition Saturday in 1 td ! u , ir flexan?.er !iasure' -Mr. John Brennan was host last!involuntary bankruptcy in-the United .roSbnrc J -H relatives m Har Thursday evening to a party of friends jsrnt.es DiRtrirf. Cnnrf nt FrnnUfrirt i!c iroasDurg and Versailles. . ,, i,.: r nx ...i. i.:..AT? VK is n i , . "' "IO "viuc ncai rails Willi u uuuu&.from a vl,it J ? w" , 'etu",c'1 About thirty guests partook of Mr.Charle" ta MmSStaS "" "H'" hoMUr and Spent a mMt,. . ' "l iuuieibuurj,. rniovable evenmp.bUates District Court at Frankfort, listing his liabilities at $611.03BUYING HEMP.P. Spears & Sons, of Paris,Mrs." Thomas P. Brannon, of Lex-en iovable eveninerIV T rr TJl - k A 1 Pi ha1a -I A 1. A -v '"JSSJLS?.1 0f friends, and rel' been in the South for some time on aativps in rhic m'ftf oMni .i i ucc" L.. . vv ., t,Au lil Arvtriiii imv iicr i .... - mihrnmrh Mipir nirpnf Mr v-,. cmuu u-adL- -'" ""w uubiness mission, is at nome ior a lewT-urahased 10,000 pounds of hemp from 1 Mr. Chas. Clendenin has returnMr. W. B. Bedford, in Jessamine ed to Eminence where he is Superincounty, at $1.50 per hundred pounds, tendent of Hie Indigent Home of OriilHe also purchased a crop of hemp Fellowsfrom H. B. Campbell, of the same Mrs. W. R. Blakemore. who hastounty, at the same price. been very ill for several days at herhome on East Eighth Street, is im-lUKfSeY MfcNts hUK SALE. j proving.days, having been called here by theillness of her grandmother, Mrs.V. o Wrrrr1fri.rl ri-tVirY nf T-J-ii T T4o1Indigent Home of Odd Woodford.The Lexington College of Musicwill give a pupils' recital in theAuditorium on Wednesday, February21, at four o'clock. Miss Irene Bram-Mrs. Siimnoi wjiiio un ., blette, of Paris, is on the program forWe have some nice turkey hens for to her home in Clark eountv after -i a readm& "Mr- Coon and Mr. Rabbit."sale. .visit to relatives in this city ind Miss Helen RiI)Petoe. formerly oilit) C. P. COOK & CO. county. ' ."Paris, will give a reading "His FlyingI Miss Evelyn Curry iias returned to j Machine-"COURT APPOINTMENTS. ,1,er hnie in Harrodsburg. after a visit! Mrs. Frame P. Kiser, Mrs. Luther,to her sister. Miss Miriam Curry, in.Klce and Miss Corinne Oollins leftMr. John F. McCarthy, of Paris, has lhis cit'- " I yesterday for PensacolaJ Florida,een appointed by County Judge C. A.' Mrs. Richard T. Walling and chi'- where they will be guests of Mrs. I. C.McMillan, as administrator of the es- ,lrcn have returned from a visit to I Smith, sister of Mrs. Kiser. They will.ate of his brother, Mr. Chas. McCai-- ner mother, Mrs. Mary Huerkamp, in be joined at Bnnmigham, Alabama, byiby. who died recently in this city. Mr CynthianaMcCarthy qualified by furnishing bond Miss Catherine Taylor, the brightv.ith Mr. Wm. G. McClintock as surety. Iitte daughter of Mr. Ed. Taylor, ofludge McMillan also appointed Mr. tslie Paris Garag. is seriously ill withIv. F. Daniel, of Paris, as guardian of typhoid-pneumoniiGeorge W. Daniel, an infant over four- Mrs. W. T. Medlin and daughter,teen years of age. Mr. Daniel qualified Miss MabtM Medlin. have returnedbj giving bond with Mr. J. T. Maher from a viit to Mrs. Medlin's sisteras surety. Mrs. G. T. Prather, in Montgomery. county.FARMERS' INSTITUTE. ,e ma"' fiends in this city ofMiss Annie Wright, a former residentNorth Middletown Farmers' Institute will be held in the North Middletown Christian church on Thursdayand Friday, March 8 and 9. A fineprogram has been prepared for therty4- wVtkii - i r-k.r 4v ril rfni rf a.e ud "toKfo hSd S SaSlf V y the Gir'S' Da,,CinKof Paris, will regret to learn that shehas been ill at her home in Lexingtonfor several weeks.Miss Matlida James was a guestof Miss Alice Williams for the dancegiven at the Capitol Hotel, in Frankthere. A number of prominent speak--Mr. E. M. Dickson has returnedrtr? si c1a4 Anc? rP irUnl infamct r flifarmers of Bourbon county will be Dicks011f who nas b,een Visiting herhand to deliver addresses, and the rest dauchte Mrs Durand ww j andof the program will be m capable Mr whipple at Little rk rc."anus- .turned home with him.COPIES OF NEWS WANTED.Mr. Ben Downey, of Paris, representing the National Biscuit Company,. i-ii- has returned from a visit to Mr. Chas.If any of our subscribers have in r. . fnrforl rtf Pr,rJa wlrt nm afl.their possession a copy or copies of ' ihOL ;tlnl ,' llif rmaTHE NEWS of January 26 and January 30, for wliich they have no fur-resents the National Biscuit Companyin Louisville.f. virr. u -whoi. Ti. Jo ;ther use we would consider it quite Pennsvvania on "a business trip." Mr.aiaVOrtUey W0Uld?eU?t "J i?r Whaley makes the trip to Pennsylvaoffice. There was a shortage of papers ,. ,',, t.OI, .t, i, , ntdiose dates, and copies of these t1icnnctMCJnf Q ' ,,,in r ..n'onissues are necessary to complete ourflies. We will greatly appreciate adisposes of a large number of horsesto customers there.Hon. Abram Renick. of ClarKprompt response from anyone who ha -cafldidate for the Dem0craticmese papers. nomination for State Senator from the( sark-Bourbon - Montgomery district,was a caller at THE NEWS office Friday, while in the city visiting relatives-Mr. Frank Blakemore and sisterofa -mmature epidemic oi grippe in tins Puimm .H hovo ion .moctc nf ATrcity at prespnt. Quite a number of nnr1 AT' w r. Blakemore. in this'MINATURE EPIDEMIC" OFGRIP PREVALENT IN CITY., Mr. Frank BlaKemore ana sistePans physicians report that there s Mjss Sugan Blakemore, formerly ol -mmature epiuemic of grippe m tins Chicago who have bee guests of Mi;ity at prespnt. Quite a number o. ntl,, ATrc w o RinirmnrP in thiprominent cHizeiio have contracted fof Ume haye gone t0 LexMr.-and Mrs. Lowe, and Mr. and Mrsi f . Strong, who will accompany themfor a visit to Mr and Mrs. Smith.The Pre-Lentcn dance given Friday evening in ihe ballroom ot thePhoenix Hotel, in Lexington, was a delightful event for nearly two hundredguests. The promoters were Wm. Walton, Jr., and Layton ThompsonAmong the chaperones were Mr. andMrs. James K Thompson, of Paris.(Other Personal on Page 8.)Lost Reward.Somewhere between shipping pens inParis and my place on North Middletown pike, on last Friday. Feb. 16. a2-year-old steer, weight about 900 to1,000 pounds. Suitable reward for information leading to recovery.W. A. THOMASON,(20-2t) Paris, Ky.For Quick Sale.We have for quick sale severalsmall tracts of land ranging in sizefrom 1 acre to 70, tfiat can be boughtright if sold NOW.(It) PARIS REALTY CO.2Removal Notice.Our store has been moved to theMasonio Temple building in the room ,opposite Windsor Hotel. jWe have all makes of pianos andplayer-pianos. Sheet music of the lat-(est publication received every week. jOne player-piano bargain for thisthe dreaded and disagreeable disease, ,' to n1!, fi,nt P1-fv is'ieir future Y. r w t.t,t-o.o mcm cTfin Iwith the result that they are tempo- j;"" "" . ueDzu-w mvorarily domiciled at home under duress, A"rrI T.m.i WnllstPin and ATre ior are dragging out a miserable ex- chas g Goldsteinf 0f Paris, attendedistence hoping the disease will leave luncheon anil entertainment given athem of its own accord. The grippe fflip Phoenix Hotelt in Lexingt-on lastis quite busy at this time in all walks ueek by tho Sisterhood of the Maryoriife in Paris, and is scoring heavuy jmd Avenue Temple. One of the cleveron all sides. So that if it is going to fpature3 of lhe entertainment was abe the fashion to have the grippe Ave nock marriaget ti,e luncheon reprehad better be dead than not be in style. senUng the marriage feast.TAILORED TO YOUR IDEAS. 1 -The following announcement cardhas been received:, , , .iu -o.io "Mr. and Mrs. Lee Stephenson an-Just as you yJ nounce the marriage of their daughterIs one of the advantages of our Mei- j h Tom Pechant Tailoring Department-besides az vebruarv the twelfth, onethe additional service you get m we 2T'n ne hundred and seventeen.lanoreu ciuuitrs. oijihi& viotjj ..,-.ready.(It)J. W. WAVIS & CO. !Paris, Kentucky."Mr. J. C. Bryan and Mr. L. H.r.ryan have returned from a triq toAmericus. Georgia, where they hadwas tilieone cow. W. one co. ", y.-r .,' "". ":(mamWcnf wt ?l9fi- hogs from ?b 10 amiaoie hosmjm w mc .... -.i f-A ?n tn S4t- one to- Five Hundred UlUD recenuj ul i.cicattle from ?30 to ?4o, one iu niininnviiie. Luncheon wasurt-rucD DnilDRDN FARMPRMVint.n www. .ww.. . . ,,GOpq to SPENCER COUNTY, very good iuck m uis.uus.uib i uGOES TO 5PtN-tK -uui jnuieg toofc wkh them Mrg j cm i 0 o t? ninnirhiim Bryan, who has been with her daughMessrs. Taylor and S. R. Blackburn, p g Kerr and family arof near Shawhan, who recently pur- wincliester and Mrs. L. H. Bryan,chased farms in Spencer county, held has been in Americus, also re-a sale of farming implements, stock. turned home with Messrs Bryan.crop, etc., on the tarm of Mr. S. P.. Miss Nina Buchanan has returnedBlackburn, at which good prices were tj her home near Paris after a visitrealized. Corn brought $5.50 per bar- to Mr. and Mrs. Cecil Buchanan, atrel in the crib; cow and calf $y4; Mamuwii, wu.u.r . . jfi nnrsps miss iuauu. raiuoufrom ?o0bacco setter, ?49; one cutting narrov, , th uests at 12:30. and the$18. afternoon was devoted to playingMr Taylor Blackburn lias already games and in social mingling.moved to his new home, and S. II. Those present were: Mrs. Thomasr,,.u ...:ii foiiMi. n soon as he nrawfnrd. Mrs. Samuel Weathers...as arranSea Ws bus.ness affair., here. Mrs. erte. Claude W,mmnocncnFROBINS ! Crawford. Mrs. W. R. Stiw), Mrs.HU.OREPS OPBINS day K. S. nrabMrs. JJos. W.most unusual sight was witnessed Ine Buchanan, yh scores of persons in Paris. Sunday. The members of the ClintonvilleHundreds of robins, said to be harbin- crochet Club were the drtjBhted andsers of an early spring, suddenly ap- highly pleased guests of Mrs. W. W.eared, apparently coming from no- Haley, last week at dier home nearwhere in particular, following a warm ciintonville, at an informal entertainrain which fell Sunday morning. They inent A heart-shaped box of candvfilled the air with their whistling call3 holding a vase appropriate for theand flocked in large numbers in the person receiving it, was presented to?tpU and on lawns of residences. ach guest, at the luncheon which wasThey were 'thicker than the English delightfully senred L Mrs . Haley wasvd IBM4L WTh! is theVtctrula X, $75suarrows, who new arounu uicm assisieu m ii..Ub ------large numbers as it questioning their the guests by her daughters, Mr.no fiiic pnr v iia.L. -a. n.oni ha fv. iirt. xvciij i"w ....Little folks1 enjoy the. Victrola 'They enjoy the catchy musicas well as the big folks and theysoon get to have "favorites" oftheir own.There are besides special chilren's records of well-known songsand recitations which are thechildren's own.Brine the children into hear some of the special Victor Records forchildren. We'll c'UypUr them ind tell you bowesy it is to get a Victoror Victrola $10 to $400.aaveni. uuie - v , u.v..-- QCtc whnPnrfr husiness man returning num Mrs isaac naie. xnc 6vGewetSwS Sunday afternoon in his y the hospitality of the occasautomobile said tihe trees and field3 ion Were:tthe pike were full of robins., Mr8. Garrett Weathers, Mrs. LetcherHis meon' was that the birds Had been Weatliers. Mrs. T. S. Darnaby, Mrs. J.kent prisoners by the recent cold T. E8teSf Mrs. R. H. Ellett, Mrs i. GeorgemU and a hard time getting food w. Daws0n, Mrs. Samuel Weathershile the heavy snows remained on Mrs. Thos. Crawford, Mrs. irgilUie Sd. The warm spell gave Gaitskill, Mrs. S. C. Crawford. Mrs.t enfrropportunity to get out and Fred Estes, Mrs. S. C. Crawford, Mrb.So for a Urellhood The robins c,arall Schooler, Mrs. A. S. Thompson,arllwavs welcome visitors in any Mrs. James McDonald, Mrs. Thos."mmZtty - - ' Weathers. Mrs. Orma Gorhjtm.Mrs.DMEDIYBROSThat Appeal ToYour Pride AndYour PurseA delightful surprise awaits you at ourstore this week. The new models of HouseDresses have just arrived and are now ondisplay for the first time.We thought oue last dresses were unbeatable, but the ' latest arrivals surpassthem in style and beauty.WE NEED NOT ADD THATTHEY AREII Pi IBI'm IV i'It1 If111I InTHEELECTRICBRAND((Famed-For-Fit ' 'for this store has always handled the best and The ELECTRIC Brand stands foremost among House and Porch Dresses.From a dollar and cents point of view these dresses cap the climax in value,and you'll quickly agree with us when you see these dresses.ASK THE SALESLADY TO SHOW YOU THESE DRESSESThe Adjustable DressesThe Adjustable HemThe Reinforced PartsThe Firmly Attached Buttons .The Carefully Made ButtonholesThe Tailor Finished SeamsThe MendersThe Under-Arm Dress Shields$1.00 to $3.00Sizes 34 to 56FRANK & COMPANYV OFFER UR ME STOCKIN OURBIG CASH SALEFor the Rest of Februaryand All of MarchIN THIS RESPECT we differ materially from most sales, asthis BIG CASH SALE is in no respect a clearance sale, asare many others. Anything in our tremendous stock isincluded in this sale, and we truly believe we can save you largesums, no matter where you get prices. Come in and see us.For Sixty Years This HouseHas Done What it Promised !We want you for our customer. You know we give, you qualityand that, coupled with the lowest prices to be found anywhere,should appeal to you strongly.May we expect the pleasureof having you call?THEJT.HINTONCO.MOTOR HEARSEMOTOR INVALID COACH"CITHCRPHONE" 36SIXTH, AND MAIN STSUNDERTAKIN:ItllBBFwvR- -'- .- tFAGE SIXTHE BOURBON NEWS, PARIS, KY.TUESDAY, FEBRUARY 20, 191ff.-JIII y'lI'I 1,1 Jl fcittuf.. . i ,. Iinid i-iA5 bttiN a lumps or ice wnen wc auempt 10 passWINTER OF MANY SNOWS a few words of conversation on theI streets with a friend.Ten "tracking" snows and several !whacking snows, have fallen in the'. frood old citv of Paris fancl a few.GEE! BUT ,T S GREAT T0u , :.. -,,; :.. t HAVE MUCH MONEY!wi.iii.i ijuiw;a in ivcuiutn v j oiiivt; uz-Charlie Chaplin, the Americanized$23,000,000 PAID OUT FORKENTUCKY TOBACCO.Commissioner of Agriculture MatCohen has finished compiling reportsof tobacco sales in Kentucky for themonth, of January, which sales withamounts, average and total price, areANOTHER CHANCE FORTHE LANDLESS MAN.Safest Druggists Sell E-RU-S A Pile Curecember 14. There is an old sayingthe first "tracking" snow falls deter- English comedian, who has coined summarized as follows:sines the number of heavy snows that thousands of American dollars by his The 1916 Burley crop thus far mararo to fall the remainder of the win- fccenLric ?le, ' comfedy: and who JL amounted toter. If that be true, we are in for h recently decided to become an $13,894,54 M6, an average of $l..oov-.,. .. roiio ,- ti, i,o,;f.,i fl American citizen, has cabled a sub-.for the crop of 76,125,949 pounds,icur more falls of the beautiful fleecy, . it , ., ' nnn . , ,. 1 jx-j ,,,,,. cfIlf, !,. . .,,i ., senption of $1d0,000 to England's Sales made for dealers amount toleauiery stun, between now and the ., . .. , , . , , , . a monjn 1 1 x er ,-.,. ,.-,, , o,i ,cr iDtc e nty wm-tlie-war" loan, which closed m ?4,508,949 and resales to $771,491, atime when the ground hog lets us oil ., . .,., . , . '.. fwi,ai1 T,?;ei,if "London, Friday. , total of 1916 crop tobacco transact ons110m further punishment. -. , ,. , ., - .. ,, .. . o-m i.? nor,Th has been a typical old-fashion-1 SST, "f, ' -'" 2S ' M7' " ""ed winter from its beginning. It has " " " ,.T "IT r7 . "X ,... Z ZZ. : T"7: "C ,,." .'lieen marked by unusually high winds,ly unusually heavy and numeroussnowand by an unusual number of coldwaves during which the mercuryA Texas banker has outlined a plan : BECAUSE it contains no opiatesr no lead, no mercury, no Bellaby which the man with no land can donna, no poisonous drug. All other pile medicines containing the-above named harmful drugs cause piles, and the sale 01 same isillegal. E-RU-SA cures piles, or 50 forfeited. For sale bymoney as lie sees fit, but just to farmers averaging higher than thethink -of all that good American- dealers' iprice or resale prices.nnmail rrtTi tminrr intra tVir nnffore rf I Af lir rnmn 11 .-. nt'ni. .-..-. iis. by unusually long ice harvests, r, r 7- Y a " r , L- , . X.iw Qn unnci n.imW nf rnH the English Army and Navy. Wonder ,hon pounds of old tobacco was mar-if Chas. would subscribe that much to.keted at an average price of $14.80.ent near, or below, the zero mark ifTtiHv.S "" , , f W T? I0?"0a im wt wintr cnmowhnf I he ls? ,Wa vum! averaging $11.10, unfired dark tobaccolarred by the high price of coal and j ia f ad dark red tobacco at ?10-at one time a shortage of natural RAILROADS ATTEMPT RE- 11' ,Th? Gr?" Sl? toi t. iiiift-au i'iiii lb iirniii'iii Jihi Ann x.rvi n T'an average of $11.60 for about 11,781.000 pounds.The total transactions in all tobaccos for the month amount to overtwenty-three million dollars.LIEF OF CAR SHORTAGEirns hnf lipalthfnl for verv vicorouspersons, and enjoyable to many, morelespecially to the youngsters with sleds i in an attempt to relieve tflie transand young folk fond of skating. Still, portation situation thirty leadingthere can be found a large per cent railroads held a meeting in Washingf human beings who have shivered ton wiUi the interstate Commenrceaud shook with the rigors of this win- Commission and declared an embargoter who will "have no bones to pick" on all exeport shipments to thewith the weather man when he throws Eastern seaboard; curtailedn the lever that controls the return- domestic shipments east as much asIr.g summer season, and gives us possible; promised to send "empties"some warm weather, when we can at west in solid trainloads with right ofleast get out of doors once in a while wav over a11 Dut passenger trains,without being bundled up like an Es- and exchange car for car with theirkimo. or having our words freeze into Western connections.Any healthy boy can tell you thatmost any man might be elected President of the United States, but that ittakes a real hero to pitch a no-hitgame.buy a farm by the aid of the newfarm loan act. It is simply that landowners who wish to sell accept themoney that can be borrowed on theland as their first payment that canbe borrowed on the land as their firstpayment and allow the purchaser togive a series of long-time, secondmortgage notes for the balance of th-2purchase money. He is urging country bankers to sell on these terms.The thing can be done. Doubtlessit will be done in many cases. But it ,can be done only when the seller of iine lanu can auoru 10 wait a long limefor part of his money, and when thepurchaser has the sort of reputationthat can be added to the second mortgage as an asset.The new law should be of some service in enabling the man without land.to get a home and possibly in helpingI to bring about a better distribution ofithe big bodies of land held by menlacking the capital to work them orsimply holding on for a possible advance in prices. But it will not solveeither the tenant problem or the problem of injurious speculation in land.Only a shifting of taxes from the improvements put on land to the site or !social value of the land itself can dothat.G. S. VARDEN & SON (The Rexall Store)and ARDERY DRUG CO.(jan30-6t-T)If Uiose Navajo Indians go on thewarpath, the cost of Navajo blanketsmay go up.Wire nets are to be used to guardthe port of New York, but wirelesswill also be a gereat help.ss1wmmmKmFKmmII IfAls;E.Kr::32::Iii324:si:::::::;m&;Kt:KgriK11K::o;o:i(iK1rKEnCJSouthern Railway8,000 Miles Stamford TrackSouthern Railway CompanyThe Cincinnati, New Orleans & Texas Pacific Railway CompanyAlabama Great Southern Railroad CompanyNew Orleans & Northeastern Railroad CompanyHarriman & Northeastern Railroad CompanyNorthern Alabama Railway CompanyV O o 5 7 I -' BALTIMOREA SPRinGFlELO ,nDIAMAP0U5 COLUMBUS y PmtvmSW wI 5g d INDIANA Cin&iMMATl f y e S T VTASHIMGTOrU qW? QB V . Tjfa o I r CHARLESTOM j M1"J d I I pDAIWILLt 3 ,L,pr WiAMISSOURI ( rC KENTVUOKY y.r' G 1 fK V ?jMSlJ 3 5 Somerset 3r-"p r -r ft ta S S M w WWTENNESSEE f i" VW4 JC &JZJ MEMPHIS & 'rmWXL & S ie"x n c.C5Boro &aYor a-r' if I coRnctu1 K BtLToti 5 jo yJ-O'3 O MLRID1AN o Jtv,' COLUflBuia fw,T vaiy V totMIUn N- ft VJACK50M g MOMTGOMLRY H.nMnucc" SAVAJiriAH JJYyXinSSISSlilj YLA B AMA f CORofLE ?Kjodt, rouge? I ( r r -Tll.r SOUTH ERMte4J. F ,L Ro ' ' a V RAILWAYSSNSSC TALLAHASSEE JACKWlLLtfl CVQ-rrM '1 ISt Ns((xeC rsm PALAT4 ll LINES EA5?Effective January 17th, 1917, for the purposes of administration, the lines of these companies were grouped as follows:LINES WESTThe Cincinnati, New Orleans and Texas Pacific RailwayCompanyAlabama Great Southern Railroad CompanyNew Orleans & Northeastern Railroad CompanyHarriman & Northeastern Railroad CompanyNorthern Alabama Railway Companyand the following operating divisions of the Southern RailwayCompany, viz:St. Louis Division Atlanta Division Mobile DivisionLouisville Division Columbus DivisionMemphis Division Birmingham DivisionLINES EASTThe following operatingCompany, viz:Washington DivisionAppalnchia DivisionColumbi DivisionCharlotte DivisionMwiTiby DivisionKnoxville DivisionNorfolk Divisiondivisions of the Southern RailwayWinston-Salem DivisionDanville DivisionAsheville DivisionSpartanburg DivisionRichmond DivisionTransylvania DivisionCoster DivisionCharleston DivisionAlabamaFloridaGeorgiaDirectly serving the following named states:Indiana Louisiana North CarolinaIllinois Mississippi OhioKentucky Missouri South CarolinaTennesseeVirginiaDistrict of ColumbiaConnections at Mississippi, Ohio and Potomac river gateways with diverging linesto and from all, Western, Northern and Eastern PointsFAIRFAX HARRISON, President, WASHINGTON, D. C.T. C. Pewall, Vice-President. Resident Executive Officer in theWest and in Charge of Traffic, Lines West Cincinnati, OhioM. . Spencer, Vice-President, in Charge of Construction,Purchases; Real Estate, etc Washington, D. C.E. H. Ceaeman, Vice-President, in Charge of Operation Washington, D. C.H. W. Millar, Vice-President, Resident Executive Officer Atlanta, Ca.Llfteeln Grecn,Vice-President, in Charge of Traffic, Lines East. Washington, D.C.Herat Baker, General Manager, Lines West .Cincinnati, OhioW. H. Fereacre, General Manager, Lines East Charlotte, N.C.G. . Biles, Freight Traffic ManagerW. H. Tayloe, Passenger Traffic Manager...W. A. Beckler, Passenger Traffic Manager. . .Randall cmton, reignt i nunc Manager ......Cincinnati, Ohio.Washington, D. C....Cincinnati, Ohio.Washington, D. C.VtK1rr::rMU1iR3;:ESrrrrrr1irrrEsE. H.Shaw, Freight Traffic Manager Atlanta, Oi.E. T. SUtla, Freight Traffic Manager Birmingham, Ala.e "H.C. King, Passenger andTicket Agent 118 East Main St, Lexingion, KyJ. P. Tocher, Division Freight Agent Nunan Bldg., Lexington, Ky.The Southern Serves the South""""i1""'Toss of a Coin" SaleNOW GOING ONUnheard-of Bargains InMen's and Boys'Suits and OvercoatsoAoeSj Jfoitsand furnishingsDon't Miss This Sale!the Difference!"6CSaveTWIN BR0S.Clothing and Shoe Dept. L. Wollstin. PropService FirstThe City has added a new Fire Truckto its equipment to provide adequate andefficient protection to you.The County has built modern roads forvour convenience, safety and comfort andto provide an efficient means of travel andtransportation.The Home TelephoneCompany has added a new Truck toits equipment, which, with its other two,will provide an efficient means of caring forthe plant which furnishes modern telephone service.Have you a HOME PHONE? Join themodern procession. Call contract department now.Paris Home Telephone I Telegraph Go.(Incorporated)J. J. VEATCH, District Manager.W. H. CANNON, THOMAS K. J3MITH,Equipment Manager. Cashier.A MAN AND HIS WIFEmay both derive saiisfactionby having their worn and soiledgarments cleaned by us. Thecost is nominal, while the pleasure of wearing old clothes thathave the appearance of new, inconjunction with the knowledgethat you are effecting a greatsaving, must surely satisfy you.A phone brings us.LEVY, THE DRY CLEANERCumberland Phone 40Home Phone 1692NOWis the ideal time to visitFLORIDAor theGulf Coast ResortsGet away from the cold and enjoy life in the land ofSunshine and Flowers.Low round trip fares and excellent service viaLOUISVILLE e NASHVILLE R.RFor particulars call uaon local agents.of this railraai.lejUJMlliUeJWTUESDAY, FEBRUARY 20, 1916.THE BOURBON NEWS PARIS, KY.PAGE SXYHC,4Wanted.A CHILD GETS CROSS.SICK AND FEVERISHWHEN CONSTIPATED.$5.00 a day gathering evergreens,roots and herbs. 10c brings book and Look, Mother! If Tongue is Coatedar prices. Particulars free. Botair- Clean Little Liver andnil 95, New Haven, Conn. (2t-pdi Bowels.DRASTIC PROVISIONIN POSTAL BllFOR RENT.If your little one's tongue is coated.I it is a sure sign the stomach, liverand bowels need a gentle, thoroughi cleansing at once. When your child isWASHINGTON, Feb. 19. The Senate has adopted a drasticamendment to the postal bill makingit a crime for persons in dry Statedto order, purchase or cause to betransported any intoxicating liquorsinto such States. jAnother amendment by Senator 'Reed to make it a crime also for per-StatesSWalker avenuesind other conveniencesPhone 339.Tobacco Land Wanted.mt ..r ji.i - , of v 7n cross, neevisli. listless, na n. rtnpsn'f auiia m uiy ouiie& Knowingly w reimee uuiuiuisucu iuoujb at u. ." . " . "" .-'. --.- ! toli :,. . ;tv!oti,u,Hot and cold water sieep, eaL or acL naturany; n Dream r; -"-f " j ""j HiWAauu.,0Call Home bad, stomach sour, system full of cold, "iuu's "ilii rejeuieu.rin9n.m i throat sore, or if feverish, eive a tea. The Webb resolution proposing a'snoonful of "California Svrnn of Fins." National prohibition constitutional!and in a few hours all the clogged-up. amendment, was reported to tihe Houseconstituted -aste. sour bile and unili Thursday, with a majority committed1gcsted food will gently move out of report in its favor and a minority rethe bowels, and you have a well, ,play- l'ort opposing it. Democratic Leaderful child again. Kitcnen said it would be taken up inI desire to rent on the shares froif ' Sick children needn't be coaxed If) tlie House within a week. He pre-twelve to fifteen acres or good land, take this harmless "fruit laxative.' dieted it would .pass the House by thewritable for raising a crop of tobacco. Millions of mothers keep it handv be- necessary two-thirds, but probablvIan give the very best of references cause they know a little given to-day would not be acted upon in the SenTom men on whose places I have saves a sick child to-morrow. ate oefore adjournment of Congress-jtisod banner crops. In 1915 I raised Ask vour druggist for a 50-cent hot- March 4.crop on the Stanhope Wiedemann tie of "California Svrup of Figs," which The majority report declared thatplace that brought from 16c to 38m contains directions for babies, children "inasmuch as more tilian 60 per cenr.er nound. one of the best sales at of nil as and for crowns-nns nlainlr of the population of the United Stater.he Bourbon Tobacco Warehouse. Am printed on the bottle. Beware of coun-jtt present located on the IT. H. terfeits sold here. Get the genuineFriegel place, near Paris. Address, made bv the "California Fig SyrupJ. P. WALTON, j Company."'13-4 1) Route 7, Paris, Ky. (adv)The Lonesome Club, of Chicago, 12(planning a dinner at 75 cents a plateTfcJj TP - n f1" 1 nut tne diet S(lua(1 would hold this torVATIPP. If! tllP. Pllhlir.l ibe extravagant enough to warraiu' " XVI HEw . MRiiv, ilfv Tnincnmo PMnV rpmninimrI will pay this season the nighestjtrices that have ever been known laParis for horse hideB, beef hides,neap pelts and furs.I will also pay the highest marketjjrice for Rags and Paper. I will sendafter it any place in the city. Callby Cumberland phone 374. Office onSighth Street(20-oct-lyr) MAX MUNICH.WANTED!You to get our Free Catalog'l Fruit and Shade Trees, GrapeVines, Shrubs, Roses, Khubarb,Asparagus, Strawberries,Potatoes, Dahlias, Etc.the Lonesome Clubsome.lone-HOW'S THIS?lives in dry territory, it is incumbentupon Congress to submit the questionof National prohibition to the States.The Scates of the Union can preventits adoption; but if, 01 the other handthirty-six States desire such change,they should have the right to makeit, and it would appear to your committee that the question is now oneof sufficient importance to them sothat they may pass upon it."ACIDS IN STOMACHSOUR THE FOOD ANDCAUSE INDIGESTION"Pape's Diapepsin" Fixes Sour,Gassy, Upset Stomachs inFive Minutes.You don't knowWe offer One Hundred Dollars Reward for any case of catarrh that cannot be cured by Hall's Catarrh Cure.F. J. CHENEY & CO., Toledo, O.We, the undersigned, have known FJ. Cheney for the last 15 years, andbelieve him perfectly honorable 111 an stomach which portionbusiness transactions ana linuuy uuiy aid the damage do youto carry out any obligations made o bother,his firm.NATIONAL BANK OF COMMERCE,Toledo, O.(Feb-adv)Beauty GuitaristSarah Young, No. 1415 NewtownStreet, Paris, Ky., a graduate of Thewhat upset yourof the foodWell, don'tIf vour stomach is in a revolt,if sick, gassy and upset, and what yoajust ate has fermented and turnedsour; head dizzy and aches; belcagases and acids and eructate undlgested food; breath foul, tongue coatedjust take a little Tape's Diapepsin to neutralize acidity and in fiveminutes ou wonder what became othe indigestion and distreso.Millions of men and women to-dayEverything for the Orchard,Lawn and Garden.No agents.H. F.Hillenmeyer &SonsSeedj.Moler College of Beauty Culture, o Uow that it is needless to ihave dyaI Cincinnati, offers her services in Mani- pepsia A little Diapqpbin occasionallyLnrhm Hnir rrpccinfr and sanitarv keeps the stomach sweetened, and theyn .. Tf oii,i ,,.ii h Tioncoii eat their favorite foods without fear.j. x t;aLiiicii.La. il v,u.v; u viwv1S1 LEXINGTON, KY.(feb 16-lm)1917Public SaleOFStock and Farm andRoad Machinery.will offer at .public sale at myrlce on the Mt Sterling pike, one-Half mile from North Middletown, onWednesday, Feb. 28, 1917,at 10 o'clock a. m , the followiug decribed property:1 rock dent;1 crusher;1 olevator;': kerosene engine (Int. Harvester);J camp houses;z dump carts;Quarry tools;1 team, wagon and harness;Block and tackle and 200 ft. rope;1 steel road plow;Other articles too numerous to mention.to wait on ladies at tiheirCumberland Phone 61S.homes.(94t)If your stomach doesn't take care oiyour liberal limit without rebellion,if your food is a damage instead ot ahelp, remember the quickest, surest,most harmless antacid is Pape's Diapepsin, which costs only fifty cents fora large case at drug stoies. It's trulywonderful it stops food souring anuWater accounts are rendered for sets tilings straight, so gently andquarter from January to April 1, and easily that it is really astonishingmust be paid at the office of the Paris Your stomach will digest your mealsWater Company in fifteen days, or wa- if you keep acids neutralized. (adv)Notice to Water Consumers.EDW. BURKE, PresidentH. S. CAYWOOD, Vice-Pres'.ter will be shut off. Parties desiringto do so can (pay as formerly, sixmonths. Rebates due anyone will becredited on these bills.(12-tf) PARIS WATER CO.WinterTourist TicketsLEGISLATURE GETTINGDOWN TO BUSINESSFRANKFORT, KY., Feb. 19. Freedfinm iihp. two-thirds rule, so that amajority of the members present, if aI quorum, control on all questions, thei House gave the State TaxCommission Bill its first reading, andladnntarl a resolution to consider the1 revenue bills in committee of thej whole. The Rules Committee was dijrected to formulate a plan for managing the committee. The House wentinto committee this morning to begin! consideration of this first bill, whichjwas reported by the Committee onRevenue and Taxation without expression.I The Senate, after Thursday adopting a joint resolution expressing confidence in President Wilson and approval of his course in relation to theEuropean war situation and submarine controversy, adjourned untilMonday, having nothing to do until the1I0U0O passes a bill.TERMS-saJe.-Made known on day ofTOM WELLS,febl6-4t)ABE CARMINE.Auctioneer.Public SaleRound-trip Winter Tourist Ticketson sale daily Oct 1, 1916, until April30, 1917, with final return limit May31, 1917, to all principal tourist pointsIn Alabama, Florida, Georgia, Louisiana, Mississippi, New Mexico, NorthCarolina, South Carolina, Texas andHavana, Cuba, allowing liberal stopover privileges on both going and return trin. Also low round-trip Home-seekers Tickets on sale first and third c;eates the state Tax commission ofHOUSE BILL NO. 1 REPORTED.FRANKFORT, KY., Feb. 19. Notime was lost by the Rever.ue and Taxation Committee in re-nnrtinjr House Bill No. 1, introducedhv Ronresentative U liver, ijusbillTuesdays of each month to points mlabama, Florida, Louisiana anuUiiccissin.nL with final return limitIfn-nntv-nnp flnvs from date of sale.three members appointed by the Govr-rnor for four year terms at a salaryof $4,000 annually, to be in continuouslovntinir full time to oincs"-". s" -'' "w- 11 Z i session, ievoung um uuiu lu u.uFor further information, call on or ad- appr0priatinj. $20,000 annually fordress,W. V. SHAW. Agent,or J. K. SMITH, T. A.OFStock and FarmingImplementsHaving sold my farm, I will sell atpublic auction, at my tarm near iut.Carmel Church, on the Cynthianajke, onThursday, Feb,' 22, 1917,beginning at 10 o'clock a. m. the folloving: 100 head of ewes;25 grade Shortihorn yearling steersad heifers;5 registered Shorthorn cows andcalves;2 registered Shorthorn bulls;3 sows and pigs;f gilts to pig;30 shoats;3 pair three-year-old draft geldings;1 yearling draft gelding;1 three-year-old draft mare;1 one-year-old filly;1 extra buggy mare;1 20-hofsepower coal oil engine;1 Ohio cutting box for filling silo;1 top-buggy; ."Karm implements of all kmas,Some household and kitchen furni-TERMS All sums tinder $20, cash;usual terms for all larf erMSUf0TTM. F. Reimker, Auct,Jfeb6-td)You Don't HaveTo StoopIf You Use aGARLANDCabinet Range.expenses anu salaries ul uiciivo u.n.'assistants. The bill further provides'that the commission will assume assessing the duties of the Board ofEqualization, the Board of Valuation'and Assessment and the Railroad Commission, but not the duties of theState Revenue Agent. The bill,v hich was reported witnout an expression, was given its first readingat length and placed in the House calendar. LINGERING COUGHS DANGEROUSGet rid of that hacking cough thatkeeps you awake at night and drainavour vitality and energy. Dr. King'sNew Discovery is a pleasant balsamremedy, antiseptic, laxative andpromptly effective. It sooths the irritated membrane and kills the coldgerms; your cough is soon relieved.Delay is dangerous get Dr. King'sNew Discovery at once. For nearlyfifty years it has been the favoriteremedy for grippe, croup, coughs andcolds. Get a bottle to-day at yourDruggist, 25c.(Feb-adv)EDW. BURKESAM CLAYJAS. CALDWELLJNO. T. COLLINS, ManagerDirectorsH. S. CAYWOOD R0BT. E. BEATTYA. L. STEPHENSON LUTHER STIVERSJ. L. DENTON C. D. WILSOND. W. PEEDJNO. T. COLLINSS. R. BURRISA. B. HANCOCKW. M. ROGERSTHE BOURBONTobacco Warehouse Co.tHas Sold1401.120Founds of TobaccoroRWBHwa19.666.54Average ofS18.6299No Market in the State Has as Higha General Average.! PEBRUARY1917Tiffr m km mpoa h cmI lI II tHH If:England says the German U-boatcampaign is a failure. Imagine whata success would mean?IjkMTfADfc. MARrtA beautiful line or uananas on aisolay. Come in and look them over.ParisGasS Electric Co.ECEMA REMEDYSold 011 a guarantee for Eczema,'Totter, Salt Rheum, and similar af'fections of the skin and scalp. Sold'only by us, 50c and $1.00.J OBERDOFER, The Druggist,Paris Kentucky.99 n h 3: I 111 II K V K 111 II y. 111 Im WmW SHH Hi HbbI Hi V wBF HHi W WM! TOBACCO WAREHOUSE CO.I PARIS, KENTUCKY! BREAKS All Records For Toj bacco SalesSeason's Average $18.55I Kecoras: Floor Average $24.09 per hundredS Crop Average $36.13 per hundred8 Two Baskets $150.00 per hundredii If you want to get the MONEY put yourtobacco under the LIGHT of the Independent.I CHAS. C. CLARKE, Manager.s9iliUmiJimmitmiHHMIIIIMMMMIMMMtHimMHHMHHPAGE EIGHT'i-iNEWS, PARIS,, KY.TUESDAY, FEBRUARr 20, ills."MILLERSBURGDEATHS.Mr. and Mrs. Robert Stoekley, of!Cynthiana, uore at tilie bedside of Mr. ALLEN.JJ. L. Powell. Sunday. j Warren Hughes Allen, seven-months-Mr. and Mrs. E. H. Kerr were old son of Mrs. Jessie Hughes Allen,quests of their mother, Mrs. M&rtha formerly of this county, died at theBaldwin, at Maysville, from Saturday home of his mother, in Fairfield, Neluntil Sunday. son county, last week, following an at-Messrs. J. G. Allen and R. L. tack of acute indigestion. Mrs. AllenPowell, and Mrs. Minnie Hurst are vas a daughter of Mrs. Minta Hughes,jnvalescent. Mrs. J. B. Cray is on and a granddaughter of Eld. L. II. Reylie sick list.P r.olds. of North Middletown.Mr. W. M. Vimont, of Maysville,!was the guest of his mother, Mrs I HANNA.Martha Vimont, and sister. Miss Flor- The remains of Mr. John Hanna,ice, Saturday and Sunday. well-known throughout Central Ken-The infant of Mr. and Mrs. Hop- tucky, who died at the Good SamaritanXins, residing in a part of the home of Hospital, in Lexington, last week, wereMrs. Russell Mitchell, died Saturday, taken to Ironton. Ohio, tor interment,aad was intr-rred Sunday in the Mil-, Mr. Hanna had been ill but a shortJersburg Cemetery. time, having been taken to the Hos-Blanche, the eight-year-old daugh YAla suffering :ron an attack of pneulr of Mr. and Mrs. Quinn Toadvine nionia. He had for many years beenfijed Wednesday night after a lingering engaged in tjhe piano tuning business,51messv)f tuberculosis. Funeral Thurs- and had become a familiar figure inday morning from the home, after Paris, as well as in other towns inwhich the body was placed in the vault, this section. He is survived by hisa..-d will be interred later. 'widow and two children, two sistersThe liomc of the late Miss Vina ' and one brother. Mr. Hanna some timef- Vimont war sold at public sale Sat a no suffered the loss of all his tools inorday afternoon by Auctioneer George a fire in Lexington, but pluckily reSpeakes, of Faris.'to Mr. G. W. Brain-. fused to be cast down, and went toAlette, for ?3,950. Mr. Bramblette , w ork with a good will to repair thewill put the property in thorough re- loss. He had b:i in business in this7air. and make an ideal home out of it. 'section for over forty years.Mrs. Adella Peterson, aged aboutIwrv-seveiJ, ied Saturday at 10 p. m..I HALEi.ai her home, after a lingering illness! -Mr. Brent Haley, aged tihirty-three,ot tuberculosis. Mrs. Peterson has died in a Lexington hospital Sunday"b-en in failing health for several vears, morning, after a short illness. He wasslid for several months her life has a son of Mr. and Mrs. W. W. Haley, ofwpii p'i but denaired of. She was near Clintonvillo. Besides his par-jivrmerlv Miss Adella Allen, and is sur- ents, he is survived by his widow, who-rWert bv five sisters and one brother, was formerly Miss Mary Weathers,.About twentv-fivc vears ago she was one son, Mr. Weathers Haley, twoAdditional Personals.united in marriage to Mr. William Peterson, a prosperous farmer, their entre life (having been spent in andaround Millersburg. Their union w&z"Messed with one daughter, Miss Mar-r-aretPeterson, now Mrs. J. E. Poo'.who, with her husband, resides withbrothers. Mr. Kelley Haley, and MrIsaac Haley, all residing near Clintonville. The funeral was held at the familyresidence near Clintonville yesterdayafternoon at 2:30 o'clock, with servicesconducted bv-Rev. Paul Rhodes, pastor pii who have been occunvimr the ClenMr. Peterson died about .of the Clintonville Presbyterian church. ),ionin farm, are moving to a cottage inMr. L. F. Sinclair, of Georgetown,uas a visitor in Paris, Saturday.Mrs. Bunnell and son, Albert, havereturned to their Siome in Georgetown,after a visit to Mr. and Mrs. A. STrimble,Mr. John Tunis left yesterday afternoon for Danville, where he will engage in business with his brother, Mr.Gus Tunis.Dr. and ATrs. Johnson, of Danville,were recent guests of Dr. andMrs. Raymond McMillan, on Houston avenue.Mr. J. J. Veatch, District Managerof the Central Home Telephone &. Telgraph Co., was in Harrodsburg yesterday, on business.Mr. and Mrs. E. A. Allen and Mrand Mrs. Frank Nichols have returnedfrom a visit to Mr. and Mrs. VestaAllen, in Georgetown.Mr.s Mary Woodford, who is nowin her nineteenth year, is very ill atthe home of her son, Hon. J. Hal Woodford, on Winchester street.John W. and David Prindell, children of Mr. Frank Prindell, of nearParis, were sent Friday, to the Christian Church Orphanage Home at Louisville. Mrs. Geo. Alexander was a visitorin Paris yesterday, enroute to herhome in ?kiia, Ohio. She had justvisited Mr. Alexander, who is quite illin Frankfort.--The Girls' Dancing Club will givea subscription dance at Varden's Hall,en Main street, in this city, on Thursday evening, February 22. Music forihe dancers will be furnished by a saxophone trio. The hours will be from?:S0 to 2:30.Dr. and Mio. William Kenney andfamily are moving this week fromtheir Meadowbrook farm to the Clendenin place on the Clintonville pike,near Paris. Mr. and Mrs. Albert Mitcn-- . -.-vir- -w 'I' m hnrio tniirwx'aii ..in tno Mnipv ni i.:t A.i,i;t;.n,rno vonrs U JTfJ in JUarCll. lyiO. lUTS. ' "- uiwim iutwt.u ww vv- .... nuuic auuiuun.'nt-r mother.Peterson and daughter moved to town in the Clintonville Cemetery. The pal'-,1rnm ifiPir farm, remaining here one oearers were, oum weuumi. muni--Mrs. Laura Skillman. oj Chatta-it rn it-i. t ii. i: iTi,t iintiWAM t . . rf-. ro mnii ir in nic tioon ?i o'lpcr nr. ..!.:! U t-ntiirnorl f.- thp Weil 1UUIUCK. .AlUlilLl I1U1U, JIUUUCr , i.VWta, x cmiM v m. wvim nw w.? mu Pntorson and Cantain Pool son Shropshire, Will Crim. and Jeffer- relatives in Paris and Nort.h Middle-Srfne married last fall. Mrs. Peter-' son Weathers. 'town, who had planned to return nome'last weuK, whs uuuuueu ueic uj iiuhjsn belongs to one of the best familiesi this community, and was a devoutfJhriKtian woman, uniting with the-mlil?ct Hi-.irph pnrlv ill life. ForHARDY. jfroni Chattanooga to tne enect tnatMr. Manlius Hardy, one of the pio-' mwisles had broken out in the familyneer residents ot Clark county, died iPjOf one of her sistersiHA-eral Vears her failing health pre j Lexington, Friday night after a shor ; Thc anmi;i, innitary hall given ;u. , , . .i.: ., .niVn nnrt illnpss nf nnfMimnnia. A fow davs airon.u ner ironi lawns . i""- --." ;.- r Y iin chvrch fcork. She was a devoted his home near Winchester was dc-wife a kind and loving mother, a stroyed by fire, and Mr. Hardy cametrue friend taking a deep interest in near losing his life in an effort to sav--rervhing about her that was for th some of his personal effects. He wasod and upbuilding of this commu-, carried from the burning home to the;,. Tho fiMiornl services were hel-l residence of his son, Mr. Roger Hardy.-"-." ""- . . . ? i ! i. i i ,.: i r,.Wonday at Hi a. m., at her late resj- aim was. mti u,Ktu lu a..,61U1. 1Ui: dress, presented a pleasing picturea . iiv -pv- p r Trisher "Ot tne M. y. iicauiieiii.Sq?pi1 bv her Lastor Rev. J. W. ! "Dr." Hardy was one of the best-1 The "Silver Tea" given by therrdnpr Rev T D iledd P F. of the , known men in Clark county. He was ladies of the North Middletown WovwillV Di--trict and Uev A. S. Ven- a pipe-maker by trade, and had sent a' men's Club at the home of Mrs. Allie11, 'r 4o PvochvtPrinn rhurch. In- handsomely hand-carved briar root Dickson, in North Middletown. Friday''";'. , Millerbur" Cemetery'. A pipe to every President of the United afternoon, was a decided success, anda IlUJU 11LL1U Olllll "Uil i uiliiuv.", " .v-..turned over to the Robert"xr;io-ri ATomnnnl Kiincl. n- ! .Ill icauuuac. i ucac ncic ncaii uj cu in uuiun ,,iioci v.w. .... . .......llth piatC. . l,ftM ,..5fV. o nornt'iilU- iirViSstV, ATro T?rnnlf P TIWrV ff P.'LriS... , 1 ... n...,.. LllC 1I1C. lUKCUlCl UU a vtillllll UI11V.U iiiiti. j.... . - j j - .rne writer mas ietuiuu uumciuu.! ! i ,tlv Universilv of Kentucky, last week.1; the students, was one of the mostsuccessful affair-; of the season. TheAiand march was led by Maj. EmoryI-razier, and Miss Mildred Collins, o'North Middletown. The cadets in theirMilitary uniform and the ladies in fulllerment in Millersburg Cemetery, a pipe to every i-resiuent 01 me umieu uliuuiuuu.larce number of relatives and friends States since the Civil War. He had a nice litt:-followed the remains to their last rest personal letters from all the Presidents will be tini ninPP ,in response. These were destroyed in Burns Wila caretuuy which lurs.as having packed is the Chairman.At the close of theV. Vi,n "Htstnrr nf made pipe which .he was having packed is the unairman. At tne ciobe ol uiecompliments regarding the History ot gend pre3i(ent wils011t intend. program a salad course was served a laMillersburg From lbby to ine rreb- inauguration .buffet to the guests, forty-five in num-nt." Miss Bettie imont sas. I do fa March 4 (bernot want to miss a single copy of it. aa' iarcn 4. her.if this continues 1 will subscribe forthr ROTTRBON NEWS. In time weREN1CK.The Millersburg Dancing Club wi'lgive their midwinter dance in Millers-r it this Kepps up. , n (Tuesday) at two o'clock, with committee m cnarge 01 meuanue ,ige. of Caliiornia services conducted by the pastor of the composed ol Allen ingeis, juiian Auan.a. .Miner, aim ...- Winchester Presbvterian church, of " current ami "6C. ,three living grand- vhich Ir Reniok was a member. The chaperones are Mr. and Mrs. San fordiller. the founder of ,,,.:, .;,i fnnnxx. ,- fi, winohocto, Allen. Mr. and Mrs. T. W. Curreiu,-vill all get the'-e. 1 am s-rry that it The funeral of Ir Scott Renick. ot urg on t,he night of Tuesday, Februiis not a compete history, but I know Clark counlVj who died suddenly in ary 27, instead of a previously an--i.,-cM-rmiri hp laborious task." Mrs. u000 r,,u i-at .0l- wimm ho hori nounced date. Smiths Quartette willAmerica Butler says: "I am enjoying ong for lllis health, will'be held at the furbish the music. The hours will bem. liictor' nt Millersburg. I will sub- ,,. anna , Axr;oi.octoi. tiiic -.ftor. from 9:00 p. m. to 3:i0 a. m. Ihe.U J. W '"- 1 i3llll,J, AAA ? uiavjtu Wj tvi -scribe for the papoMy sister. Mis. S-vjiray brother. Mr. .J.self, are 'ie only.hillron nf .1(1! MMillersburg. Wliu the t uvn site was cemeterv J Mr. and .Airs. s. t'. liascom; aim mi.laid off and divided into lots every Mr pjielps Repfck. of Winchester. ,and Mrs. Chas. A. Webber, of Pans,other lot was given away, so as to m- who went t0 Havana immediately upon ' The recently -organized Coterieduce buyers." Mr. R. B. Boulden. of receipt of the news cf his father's Club were guests last week or MrsPueblo, Col., says: "I am reading you- (eath telegraphed relatives that the Edward Burke at luncheon-bridge, at-histoo' oi Millersburg way out here body ,md ,)een s,lipped fronl Havana -her home on High street. The roomsv-nd must say that 1 am enjoying it. I and would arrive ,n Winchester, Mon--ere beautifully decorated with jon-am glad Uiat vou have thought of this. d 4 -quils and baskets of cut flowers, whileIf I can serve you in any way 1 will be he causp ct Mr Renick-S death it tW same decorative effect was carriedlnd to do so. 1 have in my posses- , . fiPnitiv nPrtMinwi ms aJout in the decorations on the tables.MATRIMONIAL.VAUGHN SHI PP.News has been received here of themarriage in Calara, Oklahoma, recently of Mr. Ray Shipp, formerly of Paris,and now a resident of Oklahoma City,Oklahoma, to Miss Myrtle Vaughn, ofCalara. Mr. Shipp is the son of Mr.and Mrs. Victor Shipp, of Paris, whomoved to Oklalhoma several years agoHe is now engaged in the grocery business in Oklahoma City, being a member of the Northwestern Grocery Company.CorningAn factionsREAL ESTATE DEALS.Mr. John Fisher, -of this county, hassold to Mr. Carl Long, His farm ofseventy-two acres, located on the Colville pike, in this county, for about$150 per acre. Mr. Long will occupythe farm in March. Mr. Long recentlysold his farm on the Hume & Bedfordpike, near Paris, to Mr. Anderson, ofnear Nicholasville.Mr. James Vice, of near North Middletown, has sold to Dr. Robinson, ofMt. Sterling, the farm near North Middletown, known as the John Arnoldplace. The price paid by the purchaser was not given out for publication. Dr. Robinson stated that hebo u gih t the farm for investment purposes. fMr. Clark Barnett, who has for several years has been a member of theBourbon county colony in Spencercounty, having purchased a farm nearTaylorsville, has sold out his intereststhere, and will return to Paris aboutthe first of March to reside. It is saidthat Mr. Barnett realized a nice profiton the sale of the Spencer, county farm.He said he is glad to get back toBourbon county again.Mr. G. S. Feeback, of Carlisle, hashas purchased of Mr. Clarence Hough,the hitter's small farm near RuddlesMills, at a private price. Mr. Houghrecently bought the Sudduth place of121 acres near Centerville. where hewill move about the first of March.Mr. Frank G. Collins has purchasedfrom his father-in-law, Mr. Vice, of Mt. 'Sterling, the farm en the Mt. Sterlingand North Middletown pike, adjoiningt lie. farm of Mrs. J. W. Rice, at a private price. Mr. Collins will move tohis purchase about March 1. jPARIS GRAND AND ALAMOTUESDAYDOROTHY GISHIN"Atta Boy'sLast Race"A Triangle Fine Arts production. Comedy, Love, Thrills.WEDNESDAY.Theodore Roberts and Anita Kingm"Anton, the Terrible"Produced by Jesse L. Lasky. FamousPlayers Company on Paramount program.THURSDAY.Frank Keenon inM"Jim Grigsby's BoyThis is one of the best that this famous actor has appeared in. TriangleK. B.Hours-Alamo, 2 to 5:30; Paras Grand,T to 1 0:30, Admission 5 and 1 Oc.9 ii y. j.kTHINGS TO WORRY ABOUT.Several Kentucky towns have inaugurated "Pay-Up Week" for the purpose of having everybody help just ;ilittle in releasing come of their storedaway coin by paying their debts, thusenabling some other fellow to pay his.We think "Pay-Up-Week" is a brilliant idea, but just suppose one is inthe condition ofA man who was deeply in debtSaid "Things are as bad as they get:I'll worry no more.Let the rest walk the floor;I'll pay when I can, but not yet."The Worst Handicapin the world is WORRY-it ties a man hand and foottakes off the edge of .his talents and cuts down hisability.WORRY as to what will happen to the family if anything should happen to you, will do more than anythingelse tu reduce your earning power.LIFE INSURANCE solve the problem -the day you getyour Insurance Policy, is the day you cut your fetters.LIFE INSURANCE is the only sure cure for WORRY."Die Northwestern Mutual Life Insurance Go.R. F. CLENDENIN, Associate General AgentSuite 201-202 First Nat'l BanK Bldg.PARIS, KY.f. .1 - .7 r !. minifc u'om?ion some of the eany ueeub wjiuW recurrence of a paralytic stroke, which e pmce uaius, i. ...,.- b -in Millersburg, which name the three nad auffered some time ago The re.. hand-painted cupids. Mrs. Margar... IOtrontc nmnitiir narallel with Mam. ,n!0 wot.Q -nnnmnniaA unma i, mv Sullivan, of Lexington, was awarde i jv.?c m-oq Arrno n recent years. Up-to t0;l. ,..i, ,,0,i ,ino cnan,i;nr thai the first prize, and Mrs. Charles Wthis time they were known as East vinter'in Mlama, Ftorida. ' Heck, of Par's, the second prize. There-.nri WoRt Back streets. At the time I ; Mr ,. hn(, n larfrp p;rplo nf ere two tables of players. The mem ,-was writing insurance a represent- friends and acquaintances throughout J-ers of the Uud win ue&uebo, at u .i'" Central Kentucky, to whom the news! next meeting ot Airs. Jonn lo..uu.tivp frnm one of the well knowi?o nnmnanies was with me, Ide-of ibis death came as a shock. He wasThe home of Mr.Fcribed certain property as being locat- yery popular among tne farmers, and 'ciondenin on Cvpresscd on East oi West Back Street, i-ie v as a man everybody Iiked scene Saturday "afternVimont, one of the early pioneers oi.a -Tii oca strppts have no names. .and Mrs. Ilovstreet, was theafternoon of a pleas-anr r:atnering wnen imis. icuucimhTT-T T I . i i. 1 f mincta Ot;u, xv,w - ,..u : iivj-vLiii.. -was ncsLess to a. mimoci ut sucow i316 ,d;rircomnanr Mr. Baillie Arkle. one of the best- a luncheon-bridge. The guests for thesee that he comPa" J11 RS 0" known of the older generation of Paris i occasion were Mrs. J. V. Bacon. Mrs.U ,mvn Jd 1 called West Bac builders and contractors, died at his C alia Tihomas Nichols, Mrs Lew Tay?G lt Tritf Avenue as the Trig J home in this city Saturday night, after! lor. Mrs. J. O. Marshall Mrs HarryStreet Trigg Av emie as tne b, piieumonia. Mr. Ar- Mathers. Mrs. Watson W. Judy, Mrs.prop , tivu was opened from kle at the time of his death, was in 2iis : Denis Dundon, Mrs. Kicnartt ii. wm?.many years tl at as opene elghty.fourth year He had al lediMrs. Raymond McMillan, Mrs. FrameMam to that street. -" nil ntivo nilff1or4t. lifo 0,, it ' , r Kisr and Miss Clara Bacon.an active outdoor life, and it was inKiser and Miss ClaraMr fiidnev Arderv. Jr.. was theOur Big Bargain GivingUNLrlC "QADINSALCotinues Unabated,bringing you the greatest avalanche of shoebargains at a most opportune moment.REAP NOWYOUR HARVESTof our unlimited resources; our many years of merchandising knowledge;our prestige in the world's greatest shoe markets.THIS WEEKmore wonderful bargains, greater values, greatereconomies that will simply force you to buy ' now forfuture as well as present needs.iiii ii11 IJl l f' rVi, 11 X' 11 ir VLM'bfo-L'a.i. o.- vimmit street, on actiaK- otici., .:-. ! niirsnif nf hie nallincr tl1at i,0 nano-Vif o!ntt0fnnpeof the earlv pineers of, severe cold, which finally developed ' KUfM of honor Saturday afternoon atT.lmoni..CL ,Lrn il the site into pneumonia. a sowing party given by Miss Elizabeth,Xo thP 'colored Melodist church ! Mr. Arkle n?8 a native of England. . Crutcher at her home on n-.ml wis a for a long tim'.ana came to America when quite a street, me uuma c o,. .jiow stands and as a tor a 10 i, . fop guest Q hf f , S Street. Miller , Kentucky, iere. after various loca-who is a bride of a few weeks, andS?OTIf w thP fnnnder of Millersburg. tions. he settled in Paris to follow hie who will soon go to housekeeping. Ret!reet L f?Znninicate with me trade, that of a carpenter. Mr. Arkle ' freshments were served. Besides Mrsrveep uuo i i,i n snnn hpramp nna nt thn hoct-bniMi-nfrnm time to time, j am ui 'i"!::v v.n. s : .,... w, r7 ..r"w":'...;c vmi vprv iar back mproperty, but will do my best.' "allthe ; contractors in tne city. He was ac-tively engaged in working at his tradeuntil a short time before his death.Mr. Arkle is survived by his widow.-ha i nrac R?TS GOODJtonM . . nnnrnTinM Mrs. AiriiPK Arklp txen rljimrhtoi-c ATi-BUSIlNtoo rnvm ' ,"- --o-- "- , ' V -"""' "V0otiuiKe rosuuie inu juiss iaa ArKie,.AV., I hi rnnneVted with the land and James, of Paris. Thomas Arkle. ofSmenfSf the Tefas Land & Oil Lexington, and Albert Arkle, of Gov-Co at Port Artnur, "biu".'pral '.ears, has received The funeral was held at the familyeei. at tnree" .,.. OQt Tn kpw York. oLiuuiv &Leiuct cLLtiruoon, witn ser-be" rTe.C.""lnSAn n !k York to take Hce. conducted by Rev. w. O. Sadler,-r-, .Inn.nont TO.. at POrtTexas, for sevaArclery the guests present were, MissesRachel Wiggins. Martha frerguson,Frances Clay, Nancy GrifTith, CarolynRoseberry, Margaret Ardery, Elizabeth Crutcher, Nell Crutcher, VirginiaCrutcher, Mary Fitfliian Hutchcraft,Corinne Collins, Mrs. Fayette Ardery,Mrs. J. W. Young, Mrs. Frank Sledd,Mrs. Edward Prichard and Mrs. WhiteVarcten.(Otlier Personals on Page 5)i.. :.e i,o.iminrtrs. having residence on becond street"r , " ITo New York. i o'clock yesterday aftern.u. t ,-A ft. 1 nastor of tbp Paris Mptl-mriict rlmmiiharce of a big contract iue - - ; f.onrir(1 TJ ,Z" ."'Mr. Lucas goes to Newt?liarge oi a ub w assisted by Rev. George H. Harris, rec-?o;rrAnheirrSoiTin the big, tor of St. Peter's Episcopal church.uo , , Hawill have charge of ie nuriai ionoweu m tne tamily otTexas -1 in the Paris Cemetery. The pall-beav-p ' : bc;;: Pontract. Mr. Lu-jcrs were, James R. Stivers, Harryuon ""- "--: , is BOURBON Fitlnan. Roy Turner. E. B. January.Iws'Sanged to VoungstSwn. Ohio , George Crosda.e. George R. Bel..The Italian government will estal;-Mr. Taft is insisting upon a leagueto enforce peace. It jmignt try -' usn an experiment station in TripoliIts hand on Col: Roosevelt as a begHi-lwith a view to increasing its agricultural production. tits handning.TELL IT TO US!If you or any of your family are going away on a visit, or it you havehave friends or relatives visiting you,we will appreciate it if you make the;fact known to us by telephone (both'phones 124) or by telling us in person.This is a, simple courtesy due your visitors, and giving us the informationwill be highly appreciated by thiooffice. The "personal" column of thecountry newspaper is one of its mostwidely read departments, and nearlyevfcry one is interested in the comingsand goings of their friends, relativesand acquaintances.Ladies' Dark Russia Calf Boots86.00 values $3.69Ladies' Dull Kid High Cut Boots$4.50 values . 2.99Ladies' Patent Kid Cloth Top Boots$5.00 values 2.49Ladies' Patent and Gun Metal Shoes$3.50 values 1.99Ladies' Gun Metal, button, 2. 50 val. 1 .69Ladies' Felt Boudoirs, S1.00 values .49Ladies's Felt Juliets, fur trimmed. S1.50 values 79Ladies' Dawn Grey Kid, Also MahoganyONE-HALF THE PRICEBoys', Misses and Children'sMen's Russia and Platinum Calf Walk-Overand Beacon, 4.50 values $3.49Men's Russia and Plat. Calf English WalkOver Samples, 6.00 values $4,00Men's Gun Metal English Medium Toe Welts,$4.00 values $2.99Men's Gun Metal Button and Lace$3.00 values -j .99Men's Tan and Black Romeos$1.50 values 99Men's Black Felt Slippers75-cent values tQTan, Most Fashionable Boots at AlmostYOU PAY ELSEWHEREShoes at Great Bargain Prices.FROM THEMacDonald-Kiley Bankrupt SaleMen's High Grade M, & K, $ 1 O.OO and $ 1 2.00 ShoesVarsity Shoes AA to DON SALE HERE AT ONE-HALF PRICEDAN COHENParis' Greatest Shoe Store.335 Main Street, Paris, Ky.itn9oQiS