J' . vj1 41vtHE BOURBON NEWS'&''$&!?&'.&.PUBLISHED EVERY TUESDAY AND FRIDAY IN THE YEAR.VOLUME XXXVI.PARIS, BOURBON COUNTY, KENTUCKY, TUESDAY, JANUARY 23, 1917.I5f!t-j&-f'VvTPE l5RAnd Break In NaturalPips Line Cause Inconvenience and Trouble.ALL STREAMSARE FLOODEDBreak in Gas Service Ties UpIndustries and Homes."Warm weather and warm rainsfalling Saturday night and Sunday-stll day did a great deal towardcleanding the streets and pavementsof the masses of snow and ice thatTiave clogged them to depth of thirteen inches for nearly ten days. Butonce ni the past thirty years havesuch univevrsal weather conditionsprevailed in this section.The promise of warmer weatherwas realized with a return of sunlight Friday and with the increasinghigh temperature of Saturday, followed by the rains the huge blanket of snow soon began to meltaway. The combination of rain andwarm weather created a fog thatshifted, rose and fell all "day Sundaylate in the evening totally obscuringlights and making travel extremelydangerous. The roads that had beenblocked to travel by the accumuliaed ice and snow were reopened,and country people who had beensnowbowned in their homes for aweek were enabled to again establish communication with the outside world. Some of them reported that they had not seen a vehicleor received any mail in 'that time.Automobiles v.rere nut outof commission and roads were cleared by .snow plows. The road from BunkerHill to Paris and the pike from 'Paris to Winchester via North Mid-dletown were cleared by a largeforce of men in the employ of Mr.Edward Simms at his big farm nearNorth Middle'town. Other pikes-hrouirhout the county were cleared"by individuals and by the countyroad scrapers.The melting snow and rain soonhad the expected result, sendingbranches and creeks of the countyout of their banks, and causing considerable property damage. On Sunday night the entire force of theParis Milling Company was calledout to move the flour and stockfrom the first flloor of the mill,Wnicn "Was inreuteiH-u u "'crouchments of the rlr"Stoner Creek. HufH0pnrand.i"Creeks and all f ,'Sbranches were converted into rusn- (5ng streams of muddy water, cove vr-Prt witn noacinc ueuns i " iseveral housekeepers andmen residing at the lowerVnminessA oftheirHouston Avevnue were mhomes by the overnow iron . uton ureeK, anu iuiu , . ; i .boats. The big branch runingthrough Campbellsville became acreek in size and drofnTiPP;from their homes. One -oman re-siding on Winchester steeet wastaken from her home together witnher small child, by rescuers whodrove to her aid in a wggy. . "had spent nearly the whole nignt mterror, being alone and unaoie wjciake anyone hear her. fo. "over tins tuuiiKj vi-ai. .Aimhr ronmrs tame ui --destruction and damage "Ihv the flood. A bridge on the Win-IAN UWHAHChester pike was wasneu """-.'. Mr. Davis Patrick, of near Northting off communication witti ians Mifldletovm has purchased of Mr.and the surrounding country, in clarence Lau?hlin, three acres ofmany places the nly mens ol com and and residence lying on themunication was by telephone am 3, plum Lkk ike Mr Laughlm hasanything like an m accufat5S!' ; purchased the home place of Mr.oing to the universal conditions, Charles Knox on the same plke, unreport of the situation was hard i taini a residence and tvo acres ofrthtin. Three rural mail carriers ,". ij riihwere forced to return, being onvcawere"back bybranchesthe high waters. i ""crossingtheonusesrieir territory. . 1t ,tqoi wo4,iVifr set in eawj jterf morninEL tending .to checKthe risinc waters and bringing : '..Aee;iiilif.v of reliet irom t- tu"uSons that threatened serious aam-age to property. So eafrW in the city and county nolives were lose aimdents were reported ,:QPfort,rdfstrcauVd the floodadd W) uie bc t, flrtnjluuu o.line of the.break m tne iu. pj- r Co..i 1. : fVio mam uiw: .i ; nmi line ui -"-rSS Kentucky NaturalGas Co.,, -l. i;c Paris, aswell as"vvmen upi'4" iaflsa.?K pu&n? the toul of connn.ss.on The br rfto supply their customers,fuel. . . , , uOT,,iAnpd theHouses that hadf TviiinVl.. onnl were the scenic ui .--.za of coal werediscomfort, anduse ui . -Tonv a DUSUlcaamiorr, wu - , breakfastlessorateTcoTd lunch. Coal oil heaters ?ere at a premium and the deSnTSf coaljealej was unprecedented in the hiswry oSome business f fde f coalclose, not being prepared forheating. At the mceot.ws the shut-down of t,ne,at)lv caused the 'great mcuu-THE TOBACCO MARKET.The Bourbon Tobacco WarehouseCompany sold yesterday, 109,810pounds for $21,103.52. The Bour-Ibon House sold 70,000 pounds, av-Qss: crae of $18.98. The Paris Housesold 39,210 pounds, average SI 9.63.The average for both houses was$19.21 per hundred.The market was active and stronger on all grades.(Continued on Pagu 7)MUST NOT DIVULGE.Postmaster J. Walker Payne hasreceived word from the PostofficeDepartment at Washington that inthe future postmasters will not bepermitted to give any informationtouching the finances of the perosonnel of the office force except thegross postal receipts and figures onmoney order and postal savingsbusiness. The order has recentlybeen issued by the Postmaster General. No reason is given and the order has caused considerable comment. MAYSVILLE DEFEATS PARIS.After having been defeated by theP. H. S. basket ball team in thegame at Paris recently the team ofthe Maysville High School "cameback" in strong form and administered a defeat to the Paris team ina game at the auditorium in Maysville Friday night.The game was a hard-fought onethe first half the score stood 2 toin favor of Maysville. In the secondhalf the MaysviHe team playedrinc nil nrmiml Hi Pnric fnnrr,The game was delayed about ten.-.. ,.. ,ii..,i u..i. i.minutes in the second half causedby an argument over a play but theMaysville boys finally turned upvictors by the score of 29 to 16. Anumber of Paris "fans" attended thegame to "root" for the home team.BUILDINGS TO BE RAZED.As sooii' as the weather conditions ' threatened by an anarchistic organiwill permit there will be something zation known as "The Blasters," ofdoing in the demolition of old .housesin Paris, as a result of the recent visitol a Deputy State Fire Marshal fromthe office of State Fire Marshal Pan-nell, at Frankfort.The deputy came to Paris recentlyon a tour of inspection, and upon hisrecommendations made in his repoicto neauquaners uie ioiiowing nouseswere condemned and ordered tornclown and removed in thirty days: The'old Floral Hall building in FairGrounds Addition; frame cottage onHjgli street, between Eleventh andTwelfth; two roojins in rear of same;frame stable on Main street; below" theL. and N. footbridge.The three loose leaf tobacco ware-houses in Paris were also requiredand instructed to have their places ofbusiness fully equipped with fire ex-finmiicliers nr with n. hose svstem. SOasto pro vide adequate fire protection,ELECTRIC HEADLIGHTS ONLOUISVILLE & NASHVILLE-Eiieuiin; ueaunjs" c uiaamt, iiwappearance on this division of the Lou-TTM . .. 1tnlltrylitc4 nln moTntlff' 4illP?Tlsvllie to iNasnvine rdiuuau. mcj- m-Vtnon orJrloH tr cowprnl J"f thP hlST fill-b added to several of the big en-. Qn thig division and others willbe similarly equipped as rapidly asibleBngines sent into the . company'shops for repairs are not sent outm striipped of the old oil.b llieadlights and replaced withiatesfc improved electric headlights,m be amatter of but a snort timeuntu aU the engines on every divisionLouisville & Nashville, bothreight and passengerf wm be equippedwith the electric appliances.REAL ESTATE DEALS..Mr E E Wright of Robinson,Kv.. has purchased the Ben Harp, Jones' Shop, containingforty-six acres, for about $lu per j. w-i. r i.-.- r,, oames "' aT enabled toet out this issues, by using Theout this sue Dy J, mhanieai force of THE' NEWS worked in overcoats, sweat-r-sr rr i ri n.o ! kk n-nn rnr nnarc vni p i.rit? iimiiii:alnrc nnrl t.nn coats.i i !-! AT n.cio ii ww, ,. i:ti.i.i.ii iwas on, tneir misery oemg siigui.ir' relievevdrelievevd by coal on neaters nurnedly pressed into servviceThe nareps of Winchester, Lexington and Mt. Sterling were alsosufferers from the break in the pipeline the mechanical departmentsbeing dependent upon the naturalcas service lor operation oi uujij.linotypes and melting pots, for themetal and Used in casting the lines.The break occurred about fourteen miles from Mt Sterling, between that place and Ulive riin, inthe Straight Creek neighborhood.Tne latest raDort was to the effectthat the service would probably berestored oy tms morning, o irennfil. "oincnH from the same causeThe Paris City School held but onesession, as did the Paris HomeSchooL Many pupils in the county...Ua 4-n crot- rf. the JCWol-werc uuure w & "" t 7lea streams, ine county, icnouu.were also seriously affected.PYTHIAN HOME COMINGFOR FEBRUARY 22.An old-fashioned Home-Comingwill be held by Rathbone Lodge,No. 12, Knights of Pythias, at theirCastle Hall on Thursday, February22, 1917, in celebration of the Fiftythird Anniversary of the foundingof the order.The lodge will be called to orderpromptly at 7:30 p. m., when theusual routine business will be transacted. A large class will be initiatedj in the Knight Rank during the evening and a degree team from Covington will exemplify the work.Effort is now being made to haveR. A. Young, Past Grand ChancellorCommander for Kentucky, presentfor the purpose of an address andevery indication now is that he willattend. Sir Knight A. C Byars, ofLexington, is also scheduled for aninteresting address on the subject,"Practical Participation in v Pythianism." Since the local lodge was chartered many members have been initiated and after the Home-ComingMeeting there will be no excuse forany member not knowing his brothers in person. The older membersshould set an example and be present on the occasion while it is incumbent of the younger members I ito also be present to convince theolder members that the same highstandard and principles of the orderare being maintained.Incidentally, and to re-assurethose that need encouragement toattend lodge, there will be a buffet0'Inch se,rved 4"""?, the evening andinC iTS T' Tere U be a Place fori member and we want every membern iii iJiiiui:.P. A. THOMPSON. Chairman.O. R. MANGUM,H. B. CARR,Committee.ALLEGED PLOT AGAINSTTHE PRESIDENT'S LIFE.That Presidents Wilson's- life waswihich Thomas J. Mooney, on trial fd'murder, was a leader, will be shownby evidence to be (presented mMooney's trial. Assistant District'Attorney Cunha declared Thursday inSuperior Court in his opening addressto the jury at San Francisco."I will prove," said Cunha, "thattnese men piouea revoiuuon againstthe Government. I will prove thatthey said in an edition of The Blast,'the weatihercock in the White Househad better watch out. Suppression ofthe voice of the discontented l3ad3 toassassination.'"Beginning his address in Court,Cunha outlined the history of the bomoexplosion last July, in which -0persons lost their lives and in whicnis charged Mooney had a part,i will show a -motive for Mooney'snnrfiVinnh'nn in this primp nnrl that haadvised and encouraged it," saidCunha. "I will prove that prior y,January, 1916, Mooney, , AlexanderBerkman, Miss M. E. Fitzgerald andotherg entered into a COI1sj)iracy icU:MM Vi..l m iimwidiniv irrnfVlcpf nrntl.onug uuuui txii upiioms u&u.mou piwp-erty owners, the confiscation of pri-ate property anu uie uesuuuuuu uiHnvomimQilt onrt thflt tVlPV fftHO-dGovernment, and that they calledthqmselves 'The Blasters' and publiclyannounced in the 'Blast the objects o?their conspiracy."B-4 PI REInsure withW.O.HINTON &SON,AgtsRESIDENCE IS BURNED.Fire originating from a defectiveflue destroyed the residence of J. M.Rains, on Main street, in London,Friday night. Local boy scouts gavevalubale aid in removivng contentsall of which were saved.Fire, wind and lightning insurance. Thomas, Woodford& Bryan.EIGHT-YEAR-OLD HEROINESAVES CHILD'S LIFE.Louise Wale, 8 years old, who livesat the home of Walter Harp, of Mid-wav. prnbaHy saved the life of MarvRudd, 3 years old, when the latter'3plntiliinc- caueht on fire, while she was-landtag betore an. open grata. Wltarare presence .mind and unheedinga aJWllpted t0 pulvjul &.ai.v iiuuiu . .vMf Mvout tne names witn ner nanus, suedashed through the (house and securedObucket of water, which she pourednvor hor Httlp nln.vmnt.fi. Tmttinir out"wrw w " 'the fire.AGENT WANTED.NTwenty-five dollars week straightsalary to man with rigto introducePoultry Remedies. Pay everyweek..experience mmeuesscuy,EUREKA MFG. CO.,(19-2t)East St Louis, 111.FLAG AT HALF MASTFOR DEAD ADMIRAL.In compliance with orders receiv-J ed from the Postoffice Departmentuw nag umwie uuvcuuhchu uunum- o - --- y -iMoniln "Rnv onH rflmmnoH en till nf.I -"" - -, --V r , -,"" , .ter tne tunerai, wmen took piace inArlington cemetery, across the Po-tomaf River from Washington, onSaturday..The 'flags on all' Governmentbuildings in5 theUnited States werelowered to . halfeaast -.in- Teepect tof ii the ' roeniory of A fsiirs Deircy.99-WE3WinterAND YOU MUST NOT NEGLECT HAVINGGoody Warm Clothes199miTCHELL&BLAKEMOREExclusive AgencyShoes and theWof 90993VQm9 ftaMaitttaaooft otttHHttMttsiMORE BASEBALL DOPE.The contemplated establishment of abaseball club in Paris for the comingseason may becqme a reality if thepresent plans of the prcimotors bearfruition. A meeting of the interestedparties will be held in Cincinnati atan early date, probably some day thisweek, for the purpose of going overthe situation.Mr. Charles Applegate, of Newport,...i ;,,. uJL 7o fnm,pr na-ger of the Paris team in the last days Jonrt diseases and was brought toof its revival after the old League tne uiam5 .1 ner,.aa"?uer m W1U1:had given up tjhe ghost, and manager f m the hope that the change wouldof the famous Wiedemann team of uee"L "J1W woa o WBlflof nF rnT.,tNewrt, who is one of the leading M tfmeTaWng conducted a boardspirits in the oTfX ?V hoie in what was then Uie oldwritten Mr P. A. Thompson of Paris, TTsUyn House or Central Hotel n(nvin regard to the matter, stating Uiat . ., . t, q, npnirtmpnthe hoped to see teapns organized in uepiedShbeJ isurved b? Uve!?eana, Maysville and Covington. It is Saturd morning at the Benson MeUl.the purpose ot the Promoters to have conducted by Rev. B. K.each ter(m composed as far as possi- Falmouth assisted bv Rev Eble of local players, as in that way the I'J dlnneS of Wfl-expense of maintaining the teams npnney ana Kev i?Tea lnnes' OI WMcould be reduced to a minUnum. Mr.,more-Thompson replied to the letter from IMr. Applegate, enclosing a list of local 'CONGRESS MAY CHANGEplayers, also a list of Paris "fans" who DANISH TO "DEWEY ISLES."would be likely to take stock in thenew league club for Paris. It is the WASHINGTON, Jan. 22. Change ofintention of the promotors to effect the name of the Danish West Indies toorganization with a limited nusmber of the "Dewey Islands" in honor of Ad-stockholders, and expand afterward if miral Dewey was protposed in a jointthe business in each club's territory resolution introduced Thursday byshould warrant it. Representative Allen, of Ohio, who Mr. David Howard, aged about.. .-, . 'announced that he was submitting seventy, died Friday after a briefIt is earnestly hoped by the Pans letters to President Wilson and to the illness of the grippe. He had been"fans" that tjhe matter will go beyond ,Foreign Affairs Cctnonittees of Con- sick but a few days. He is surviythe "corner-grocery-argument stage, .g urgin& the change. ed by two daughters Mesdames Ollieand that the next season will see aj The idea of naming the islands for Ward, of Lexington, and James C.good teafcn placed here and placed onAdmiral pjewey was suggested in a Fightemaster, of Paris; fire son,a safe and sound financial business teiegram frcrm Alexander Landesco, of Messrs. George and Gus Howard,basis. The past year has been i one i oi cinciimatif to Congressman Allen. t of Lexington; James, Ollie andthe most nrosnerous ones in the his-, Leonard TTnwnrd nf Anila-K,,-lx xi. J. r.-nA iAtn-rck rmrht in hPlory ui uie i;i, "" iuiwv- -"-very nine irouuie m Bcuiumb " "-"essarv funds for establishing and? A i 1 0.u..Vln. r f. 1 1 Vl T-l IT TIIU MUI'.-maintaining sucn a cluD nereL. & N. ROAD OBJESTS TOINCREASED ASSESSMENT. .. ,t-tlt ,,.oc lorl n tllft llnltfiilf"-; "rWm . Thuradav.!v.w - . T V 7.i -7 Aby the Louisville & Nashville RailroadCompany to enjoin a greater franchiseassessment of the company ror aiouiau t.uuu.uuu.The .petition states that the totalvalue of the Company'spropertythis State does not exceed $53,000,000for taxable purposes and that it thaqto Tjonrd of Valuation and Assess-ent deducts from this value the a3sessment ot uie roaas in iYeui.uv;n.jiuc uiugiuic jimiiwvj .wmww. rfr.xi. tii .i A.n.tntt.cilnn fliot IfcOlilte namuau wuiui00.uu. w rfranchise value will not be greaterthin Tom- aUlion doUars..The court is asked to enjoin theBoard from certifying to the .siiennsand to reetraia tl Sheriffs frpmlectinon'a greater, franchise ascoiment tham If.OofjefeAX--,..f)25L3NTOW" ZEIOTSTHas Just BegunOUR Suits and Overcoats cannot be ezcelled anywhere when it comes to style and quality. Overcoats made with convertible storm collars, cut extralong, just the thing for these cold, raw winter days, madein rough, nappy, warm cloth and genuine Chinchilas andMontenacsS12.50 to $40The shorter Coats for the young fellow made in thePinch Back effects and and Belted Backs.Men's and Young Men's Winter Suits in many desirable pattern and styles.Tor the Nettleton Fine Shoe, Witch OkFamous Or. Reed Cushion Sole Shoe.DKATHS.ASBURY.Mrs. Nannie Asbury, aged sixty-five,,f f MrJohn Asbury, of WHore!Kyj died at the home of her daughtertMrs. Charles Ilicks, in Cynthiana, Friday morning Mrs Asbury had beenJU tor several months with a compli-. . . .. . .... ,.plat of faik laKuuNua. .... ... a a j-fcBUILDING SITES,The Dlat of the Fair Grounds, onSouth Main street, will be completedand ready for inspection about Januaryo, ana can ue seeu u.l we icuou ix.(Peoples BanK. luiese grounus viu uj cut into desirable and roomy acre'tracts and are to be placed on sale....Mmis is me muau uesuamo nciu ulland around paris for suburban homes,. no-doUDt will find a ready sale toBpurbon pe0ple.por fUii particulars can on tnedTeTr??edAAnnn - OOREY.m. ""'r"7" -o.xuju.u-lu; xc, j.CIGARETTES GO UP.increased Drices for cigarettes have-VflnceS DV:V" "t - 1 5 r.f o hrleruay, nuiguib uwu w " r"" - rv-of a dozen cigarettes. The highercost of labor, tobacco and' wrappiamaterial Is-given as th reason. Thoincreases oyv te looacw .ttdw;- CorDoration, eneouTe at .oc, wiefroat 35 emts- to $1 f er esxk tbeoeand,eifirette.FMILLERSBURGnnni fr T Too SIdPlr. Jfr. Isaac Furman, anMiss Alice Ingels, of Eminenceare guesis Mn Q j -Messrs. G. w and T D Judywere at the bedside of their brother.?r' G' D Jud at Lexington, TuesIday'Plnrnh:no. nTlll .. -,or Numbing and tin work call?? eoe H1L Home Phone 1".nef2f2P of Mr- f. A. Jones.(23-2t!Thle C??Cerfc s ven Friday even""g under the auspices of the Y. W.C. A. of the M. C, by the HelenMay Abbott Concert Co., was one ofthe best of its kind witnessed inMillersburg for a long time. Mis'Abbott is a splendid reader, .her pi-anist and violinist were equallygood. They were the recipients ofnumerous encores and respondedliberally,I Tn i . 'r unerai services ounday morninsrby Elder C. O. Cossaboom. Inter1 -11 1 1 - jm -'ment m Millersburg Cemetery."Mrs. Strother Insko, of Detroit,Michijra , died Friday night at theuwmc ui ici uxruuuer, axe ur.r- smcivianan, oi tms city, or praemeicpoisoning. Mr. and Mrs. TnsKocame here during the Christmas hoi--.1 .. .- -r -ri",a wl" ?': " se?Ishortly ? ttci arriving here she wasstricken with an attack- of trr:'i:e,u iu uc m perxcuu iieitn. ouiafter wl-n-h a complication of d.i-is-es set in. mt. and Mrs. lncDresided heic. She was forn.erly MisMary MrMahan, daughter of Tho.McMahan, of this city, and at onetime was day operator for the Bourbon Home telephone Co. Someyears ago Mr. and Mrs. Insko mov-ed to Detroit, ?fch.f wli,;a thevi.mft,ofT HfAr. Tni,nrl TnVi u Tv" -I- muMcMahan of this city. TK- fwrl?as held Scnday aftarnoeji at tbthome of ker brewer, Mr. DeftMwmb. owtkot wtm m wjwatr kj. v. iumimuubm, . mw, vhi ktiaa OlMMm - Inttcmemt m Mmmmww xwwijrj?- Tkrok tfc tsmrty ox wiv.r-FAGE TWOTHE BOURBON NEWS, PARIS, KY.TUSSDAX, JANUARY 23, H17.Ji4' EDITORIAL MUSINGS..Rough and Tumble For Boys.The death of a freshman in a claj-;fracas' at lihe University of Pennsylvania will set many anxious parent'sto worrying about the perils their boysJiavo to uneet. Probably this particular fon of sport was better suitedto the time when student groups were"smaller. The life can be crushed outof a fellow in a scrimmage of the bigclasses of the modern college, as thissad event proves.At the same time the ruling outfrom co&iege lite of rougdi scrimmage.-:'rot this character will not make boylife appreciably safer. The perils lieoisowhere.J3oys from early age have a mostdelightful heedlessness of the dungers.ojf the world they live in. They clfcnbto dizzy heights rejoicing in the tremors their mothers sulfer. After theyhave broken a few arms or legs thevbQgin to have a more wholesome rspeot for the laws and forces bwfaich they are surr-unded.But a boy never fesfs quite so happas when he is swimming out in thmiddle -of a lake or rier where thoris just a possible chance of gettingdrowned, to give adventur" spice.A boy seems to need a certainamount of rough and tumble and dinger in order to develop hardihe )d,otherwise there is an ignoble fear i'ihis aharact r that may be a terribl"debilitating influence later on.Per every one boy who is killed atrough scrixmages in college or in thsheck of the football Vnelee, a hundred are destroyed by corroding vices,and another hulred are killed bynbvsical weaknesses. The boy who isruled out of rough play may developheart disease in tiie hard runs of eve-iso innocent looking a game as lawntennis. He is, still more likely to suffer from defects due to inactive hahins and lack of rough, vigorous exercise. It is a perilous thing to let iboy ,go iuto rousth sports and it maybe a perilous thing to keep him out oftlhem.TANLAC CHEERELDERLYCOUNTY ROAI ENGINEERS HERE IS A CHANCEELECT NEW OFFICERS. TO BECOTtlE-A PROPHET.i I If fill I I 1 1 1T 1 1 r T T ft f y-"f lllHimiimilllnlPulls Them Out of Despair ofHealth Worries,FEDERATEDWOMEN'SCLUES WILL MEET.Mr. and Mrs. .Tens Jensen, WestPark, O , Hearing their eightieth milestone, are happy and contented andhave a brighter outlook on life thanmany a younger couple.During the 'past three years theywere far from happy, and Mr. Jensenrelates bow they overcame their worries. "1 am TO .veal's old, and for the lastthree years my wife and I suffered soseverely that life"JiSsH no longer seemedw o r t h living."said Mi Jensen"My wife v:iworse off than Iwas. X g r e a tdeal of time shev. a s unable tomove on accountof aches in herlimbs, back andshoulders."The little sheate disagreedwith her, and sh1was in constantpain."My conditionwas about thes a in e as iters.The only thing we had to look forwardto was the day when our worries wouldcca&e."We decided to try Tanlac becausewe heard how it bad helped so many.Xow my wife can eat anything without feeling the least distress. Insteadof lying in bed because of aches andpains, she gets up, drosses herself, anddoes the house work thanks to Tanlac. "Taninc helped me as much as it didMrs Jensen, and I would feel ungrate- Ifill if 1 didn't say so."The County Road Engineers Associ Maysville peoplo who fear a flood ination of Kentucky in session at Bowl- thft Ohio river are just now putting to'ing Green Friday, elected the follow- test an old German theory to allaying new officers: It. W. Davis, Fay- their fears. A snowball the size of aette county, President; G. M. Middle- grapefruit is used. The snowball mustI ton, Shelby county, first vice-presi be flattened on one side by cutting adent; J. It. Thompson, McCracken slice off with a knife. A hole must becounty; second vice-president; Le. burned through the snowball with aYoder, Harlan county, third vice-prea- red-hot poker or a cigar lighter and!ident; B. O. Mills, Kenton county must be direct through the snowball.'fourth-vice president; Joe S. Goggs, The flame hollows out a round holeI Madison, fifth vice-president; J. R. which becomes soot-covered and the1 Poindexter, Madison, sixth vice-pred snowball becomes translucent. If a!dent Executive and legislative com- clean hole is made clear through themittees: J. It. Gaines, W. A. Edwards, snowball without a drop of water fali-W. P. Caldwell, B. F. Bedford, Fred ing, it is a sure sign the snow .will goKesling, R. P. Duvall, F. L. Duffer, away-without a rain.secretary and treasurer.CONSTIPATION AND INDIGESTIONHtof '"' Tifc' v"I have used Chamberlain's Tabletsand must say they are the best Ihave ever used for constipation andindigestion. My wife also used themfor indigestion and they did her good,"'writes Eugene S. Knight, Wilminton,N. C. Obtainable everywhere.! (adv-jan)Two thousand bluebill and 300 whitewinged scoter ducks were ' found todestroy 8,000 oysters a day in a singlebay near Olympia, Wash. jOnce a week disinfect the drinkingessels of fowls.PROOF WAS INSUFFICIENTEATING A PLEASUREwhen you have a normal appetite.Loss of appetite indicates that thestomach needs to be cleaned, sweetened, and stimulated to healthy action.Judgment of the Jefferson CircuitCourt was reversed by the Court ofAppeals in the case of the NationalSurety Ccimjpany against G. Lee Redmon, of 120 West Burnett street, Louisville, formerlv rjf North Middletown.who received $500 on a burglary poticy for the loss of a diamond ringThe court said the proof of a burglarvwas insufficient and verdict shouldhave been, directed lor the company.(Sl&2f ilbJ lf tuVA1 i-'EL Ait iMASrzi sF aiilfl'l2?i5KS2jis soldteed to51.00.TONIC DIGESTIVEfor this purpose and guarangive relief. Sold only by us,OBERDORFER,The Druggist, Paris, Ky24fAsfencySTACY - ADAMS7-00 and $7-50Take Advantage of Thand Save Money.iese rncesHAKKYLINVILL2,4M.2,,A..Ms.ws,,j...rf,,.j,,.sMj,M5,,j,JENS JENSEN.Tanlac, the master medicine andreconstructive tonic, is sold exclusively? in PARIS by Varden & Son.Other exclusive agents in nearbytowns are as follows:HUTCHISON Snell fc Wood: MIELERSBURG. W. G. Wadcll; ELIZABETH, Oscar Smith: CARLISLE.Tureman & Son; GEORGETOWN, C.H. Arnold; WINCHESTER, Duty Drug,Company; ATJSTERLITZ, B. S. Parish, (adv). Meeting of the Federated Women'sClubs of the Seventh District ha 3been called tor Februar6 at Enrnonce. Miss Ada May Cromwell,Chairman of the district, urges allclubs to send their full quota of delegates to this meeting, which is calleJfor the mutual benefit of all clubs inthe districL Speakers will discus- many lines of club work. State Chairmen of departments will report aivlthe interchange of ideas will make theone-day meeting a helpful occasion.The district includes the clubs orBeattyville, Campbellsburg, Eminence.Frankfort, Paris, Georgetown, Hutc'i ,jnson, Irvine, Lexington, North Middle-1 The owners of the Ohio River Xtowi, Pisgah, Versailles and Winchc j Columbus railroad have ordered theter. Miss Crdnwell's Secretary, Mrs. ? discontinuance of operations on thaAJ- C. Helburu, of Eminence, has charge ! read. The people of Blown countyv'of local arrangements for the comfort tare up in arms over the order, as theyrf delegates. Luncheon will be served ( subscribed $85,000 toward building thiat noon by the Eminence Women'o iroad. and have never realized oneOHIO RIVER & COLUMBUS ROADTO ABANDON TRAIN SERVICE tGlub.Sup;Q.-t-cv-4i? 9','i!n1bV'wiuJJdun wCT. C"KTT 0 1nmhwIf 12UVI!Tourist Ticketsipenny on their investment, they say.Discontinuance of operations willplay havoc with the town of Riplev.nine miles below Maysville, as itsvery existence now depends on thisroad, and it will mean the removal oCI the loose leaf warehouse, the Standard! Oil Company branch, the big brickplant and several factories. It alsowill work a hardship on the merchantsi in getting tfieir supplies. The PublicUtilities Connmission of Ohio has beenappealed to, and the matter will becarried into the courts.rxutc..:..I , . 1Kii ITniilrs riS iPWspMSSwIMI1 r lllk9 mBs0Sm I5f r" ' T , ?a yinmr -n,V5-5n rnwsrsCONFIRMED TESTIMONYThe KindRound-trip Winter Tourist Ticketson sale daily Oct 1, 1916, until April50, 1917, with final return limit May51, 1917, to all principal tourist pointsin Alabama, Florida, Georgia, Louisiana, Mississippi, New Mexico, North,Carolina, South Carolina, Texas andHavana, Cuba, allowing liberal stopover privileges on both going and return trip. Also low round-trip Homeseekers Tickets on sale first and thirdTuesdays of each month to points inAlabama, Florida, Louisiana andMississippi, with final return limittwenty-one days from date of sale.For further information, call on or address, W, V. SHAW. Agent,or J. K. SMITH. T. A.Paris .ReadersDoubt.CannotacmtfiesitatapMm oryoull Jk-9&WH xtex ssmstomswSt;V I flKIITin .i.t-i ,..r , ,f rvM.ul.l w- Hi ,' ."-k4-, I P75U , 'iAWELL, that snowstorm's coming (orthat snow storm'shere) and you'd better getin that ton of coal your furnace is yearning for. Thereis only one way to get com-j fort in the winter time1 buy it by the ton.FOX RIOGEHot StuffW. C. D0DS0N-xDoan's Kidney Pills 'have stood thetestThe test of time the hardest testof all.Thousands gratefully testify.To quick relief to lasting results.Paris readers can no longer doubtthe evidence.It's convincing testimony twicetold and well confirmed.Paris readers should profit by theseexperiences.Mrs. J. T. Martin, 1024 Main street.Paris, says: "Kidney trouble cameon from a fall and the results wer-5very severe, causing me more suffering than the fall itself. No one canever know what I went through atthat time for I suffered awfully. Myback ached and pained until I thoughtit would break in two. Sharp twingesshot throguh my kidneys and if someone had hit me in the back with aheavy axe, I wouldn't have known thedifference. In one week after usingDoan's Kidney Pills, I felt like a diffeient woman, for they greatly benefitted;rae. (Stacment given February li.190S.RESULTS THAT REMAIN.On November 9, 1916, Mrs. Martinsaid: "Doan's Kidney Pills have madea cure tor me and it has been permanent" Price 50 cents, at all dealers. Don'tsimply ask for a kidney remedy getDoan's Kidney Pills the same thatMrs. Martin ihas twice publicly recommended. Foster-Milburn Co., Props.,Buffalo, N. Y. (atlv)President Poincarie of France hasmade a collection of photographs pfEnglish soldiers who have won theVictoria Cross.WOMEN OF SEDENTARY HABITS.Women who get little exercise arelikely to be troubled with constipationand indigestion and will find Chamberlain's Tablets highly beneficial. Notso good as a three or four mile walkevery day, but very much better thanto allow the bowels to remain in aconstipated condition. They are easyand pleasant to take and most agreeable in effect. Obtainable everywhere.(adv-jan)I have ten fingers and ten toes.I can count that much, but I justcan't count all my. good friendsdown South here they are fartoo many.And I'm mighty proud of them.The menwho make me, say youcan tell real quality by the company one keeps.Blood will tell. A good name andgood breeding count most of all.IAnd that same, I reckon, appliesto cigarettes, too. More and moregentlemen of the South are smoking me, SOVEREIGN, every day,because they know I come fromgood old Virginia and Carolinastock the finest, grandest stockin all the world.Quality is the thing, friend youcan't deny it. And I stand forQuality.You folks of the South KNOW good blood!You Folks of the South KNOW good tobacco!--. 3 I-That's why I am so loved among you all down here. So I am proudto say, )L.. .-- .a., czfI OTM mi1'il-4-r3 . "" S 1 V U JL V L-KlAl' '' tttCfr Vi.. guuioiuccu wy ...TBO - rr jBiiv me.If you don't like me return me to your dealer and getyour money back. I have sid it A Southern gentleman is knownthe world over for keeping his word, and I have given you mine.tSovereign CigarettesSOUTH9rWC tnJS UKNTIiGMAN OP VVtWiJuataiog Vfoevw 16flivtTHE ;BOURBONNEWS,!ARIS, KY.POSTEDSOCIAL AND PERSONAL.Tiie land of the late W. P. Arderylias been posted and no hunting willbe allowed. Please remember this andsave trouble.W. B. ARDERY,(3-tf) Administrator.Comings and Goings of , OurPeople Here, There andElsewhere.TUESDAY, JANUARY 23, 1917.r ! HiMWIMW W IJWIIWWWiiWWMWII MIIIWillMiti IMMllitilMliMMW ifc TJlfcliilMWlriyhCNotice To the Public!I will pay this season the nighesiprices that have ever been known inParis for horse hides, beef hides,hesp pelts and furs.I will also pay the highest marketprice for Rags and Paper. I will sendafter it any place in the city. Callby Cumberland phono 374. Office onEighth Street(20-oct-lyr) MAX MUNICH.-NOTICE.All nnrenne hnvinnr nlome ncminrill iWJVug uuiiu VlU,UUkJ UUIUOV Ithe estate of w. P. Ardery will pleaseprove same and mail them to the undersigned. W. B. ARDERY,(3-tf) Administrator.PUBLIC SALE-OF-Fair Grounds Buildings.No Need To Rub !FOR stiff sore muscles applySloan's Liniment to the painor ache, it quickly penetratesand soothes without rubbing.Rheumatism, gout, lumbago, neuralgia,sprains and bruises are quickly relieved byits use. Cleaner and more promptly effective than niussy plasters or ointments, itdoes not stain the skin or clog the pores.The family medicine chest in thousandsof homes has a place for Sloan's Liniment.At all druggists, 25c. 50c. and $1.00.0EEEBft 1 iife)tWe will sell at public auction, on thepremises, onSATURDAY, FEBRUARY 3, 1917.beginning at 2 o'clock, all the buildingslocated on the Bourbon Fair Grounds,on Main street, as follows:Five frame horse stables;Three cattle barns;Two hog houses;One sheep barn;One frame kitchen;Four small frame ticket offices;One large frame amphitheatre.The amphitheatre, containing a largeamount of seasoned lumber, will besold in four separate sections anithen as a whole, the best bid or bidsto be accepted.Purahsers of the amphitheatre willle required to remove same from thepremises within 3 weeks; purchasersf the stables and other buildings mustremove them within 2 weeks.TERMS Sums of $20 and under,cash in hand. Over that amount acredit of six months will be given onan approved note payable at the Deposit & Peoples' Bank, and bearinginterest at tiie rate of G per cent.WILDER. CAYWOOD & GOREY.(Janl2-7t)MORRIS HARKINS LEASESTHE COLONIAL THEATREMr. Morris Ilarkins, formery ofParis, who married Miss Gussie Sal"shin, of Paris, has leased the ColonialTheatre, in Lexington, recently operated by the Colonial Amusement Company, and will move "The Harkin-?Shop" there as soon as the necessaryalterations can be completed, probablyabout the first of February. The Colonial Company has a lease on the building, which has several years to run,and is subletting the premises. Material changes will be inade in the interior and exterior of the house.The Colonial Amusement Companyoperates a chain of movie theatres,including the Paris Grand Opera Houseand the Alamo Theatre, in Paris.Notice to Water Consumers.Miss Mary Brannon, of Lexington, is a guest of Miss Margaret Shea,on Walker avenue.Mr. and Mrs. Charles R. Whitshave returned from a visit to Mrs.French Tipton, in Scott county.Mrs. Lloyd Nelson has returnedto her -home in Winchester, after vvisit to Miss Melissa Nelson, on Massi e avenue.Mr. C. A. Amyx and little son,William, have returned from a visitI to Mr. and Mrs. A. S. A. Wilson, inMadison county.I Miss Anna Louise White, of Paris,( attended the dance given in Mt. Sterling, Friday night, in honor of MissCharlotte Mudgette, of Petoskey,Mich., guest of Mr. and Mrs.- RobertM. Truiible.I Twenty-one guests, personalfriends and acquaintances ofc Mr. Sidney G. Ardery, Jr., who is to be married to-morrow in South Charleston, O.,to Miss Mary Carolyn Baird, of thatplace, gathered at the Crosdale CafeFriday hight, to do honor to Mr. Ardery in a farewell supper signalizinghis departure from . bachelorhood an-':single blessedness. The guests weremembers of S. D. Club, of which Mr.Ardery was a mejuber. The Aliningroom had been attractively lighted forthe occasion, and the long dining tablowas tastefully decorated with fernsand pink carnations. A delicious supper was served in courses, the menucomprising Martini cocktails, oyster(cocktails, wafers and pickles, bake-1jfish, punch, browned potatoes, beatenbiscuit, celery combination salad,I roast turkey with Kentucky dressing,asparagus on toast, light rolls, cran-berry sauce, cheese, wafers, blackjccfTee and cigars. During the eveningI the members of the Club presentclMr. Ardery with numerous gitts thaiwill be of great value to him in doubleblessedness.The Club members who took part mthe festivities of the occasion weiethe guest of honor, Mr. Sidney S. Ardery, Jr.; Harry Jones, Anderson Cabal, Clav Sutherland, John Kriener,James McClure, Jr., Oscar T. Ilinton,Reuben B. Hutchcraft, Jr., Matt Lair,Hugh Campbell, Charles Fithian, OwenGibson. Other invited guests wereErnest Martin, Ernest Darnaby, Benj.Woodford, Jr., Harvey Rogers, Walh,oo ninrk. Will S. Arnsnareer, Fayette Ardery, Harry Brent Fithian andHiram Rosebepr.I Water accounts are rendered forquarter from January to April 1, andmust be paid at the office of the ParisWater Co)npany in fifteen days, or water will be shut off. Parties desiringto do so can ipay as formerly, sixmonths. Rebates due anyone will be'credited on these bills.(12-tf) PARIS WATER CO.(Other Personals on Page 5.)PUBLIC SALEOFBourbon farm of 1 22 AcresAdjoining City of Paris, !ty.Mrs. Martha Wilcox, Gowanda, N.Y writes: "I first used Chamberlain'sCough remedy about eight years ago.At tJiat time I had a hard cold amicouched most of the time. It provedl to be just what I needed. It broke upthe cold in a few days, and the cougnentirely disappeared. I have toldmany of my friends of the good I received through using this medicine,and all who have used it speak of it inthe highest terms." Obtainable everywhere. (adv-jan)FORMER KENTUCKIANLOSES VALUABLE PAPERSI will sell at public auction, on the premises, onTHURSDAY, FEBRUARY 5, 1917,at about 10 o'clock a. m., my farm, lo2ated on the Paris & Georgetown turnpike, half a mile from the city limits of Paris, and within about one mile ot theThe tract contains about 122 acres of land, mostly in grass, and is withinwalking distance of the city of Paris.The farm has never failing water for man afid'beast.1 ?r.1 Jjpf kT ""News dispatches from KenbridgeVa., tell of destruction by fire of r.iinmlsnmc residence owned by Capt.Cornelius A. Allen, attorney, whonmoticed at Princeton, Ky., for severalears. Capt. Allen has been writinghternrv of Lunenburg county anu aiof his manuscripts, together withother data of great historic value w eredestroyed.SLOAN'S LINIMENTFOR STIFF JOINTSRheumatic pains and aches get intothe ioints and muscles, making everymovement torture. Relieve your suffering with Sloan's Lmijnent; it quickly penetrates without rubbing, andsoothes and warms your sore musclesThe congested blood is stimulated toaction; a single application will driveout the pain. Sloan's Liniment i&clean, convenient and quickly effecthe it does not stain the skin or clogthe pores. Get a bottle to-day at yourDruggist, 25c. .(adv-jan)You Don't Havej To Stoop' If You Use ai GARLANDI Cabinet Range.Th rrQiripnce a two-story brick, containing eleven comf rtable roomsa i.Vtnivpn four Jills, presses, cabinet mantels, good cellars, etc.andi f?' on tn Dlace a stock barn, cow sheds, wagon shed buggy houses. jservants' house' new corn crib, smoke house, ice house, chicken house, etc. -LatTl-.eC,S in three seParate tracts' ap li3ted bel0W' and 5thGnTR ACT l-Contains about 44 acres, fronting on the Georgetown pike.lltAUi V. , . h E c i;ieveiand's line to the Bedford land in the rear,' ?nd-UnSnsoil all susceptible of cultivation, and has ample water supply.LBnAar$o 2 Contains all of the improvements on the place, exceptingu ZrrV and has about 38 acres of land, orchard, etc.1 tp'aIVno 3 Adjoins tract No. 2, and adjoins the Lyle place (now DrIRACJfu. j tains about 40 acres pf land, well watered. On?VrJls located ' the corn crib and a rock quarry, which has been used bycounty o'Bourbon to secure metal for public road.ThiVm is situatefl in an excei,ent neighborhood, and is an ideal locationf01 PrhJ3ive purchasers are invited to call on the undersigned, who will, ifsiredf tnem tne PlaceTVOne-third cash on delivery of deed, the balance in two equal paymfi the t payable in one and two years from date, bearing interest atSlIte of " P;a annum, and to secure the payment of said two de-fej&'d' noes, the property sold will be retained. mXf 'purchaser r h . may pay all cash if they so desire.-r rocMtin Wlt . m1A i 1(117f ' ' ftBAD COLD QUICKLY BROKEN UP. gvvj.i.ijiiriII " TellI FLOUR.Upiiiiiiiniiiim iniiiiiiiiiiil Mother says this flour is best99iaiiiiilllliliiiii t pA 5y QhKY-R BiiiiiaBiiiimiiiMHnimimiiiiBmBHftHHiFor Sale by AH Leading Dealers.I Ml Mi innnnfmn nini - a mw jm v im-H v iOF-A beautiful line of Garlands on dieplay. Come In and look them over-FURNITURE 4IND RUGS!20 Per Cent. Off Every Dollar, For CashBeginning To-day, and Lasting Thirty Days.A RARE OPPORTUNITY to purchase Furniture, Rugs, Cook Stoves andRanges at bargains never before heard of, considering the high advancein raw materials, workmanship and dye stuff which is used in all our Rugs.Our stock is very heavy at this season of the year, having purchased in December, before this advance, which gives the public the benefit and enables us to sellyou merchandise at a saving of 20 per cent. COME EARLY at the beginning ofthis sale and you will get a nice selection.The E. M. Wheeler Furniture Store is known to back up his advertisexrfentswith better furniture and better value for less money than you can purchase elsewhere, considering quality: We will quote you a few prices, as we will not havespace to quote everything in the house.BedjRpom Suite, quartered oak,was $156.00, now $1 19.00Mahogany Bed Room Suite, four poster, Chiffonier and Dressing Tableto match, was $145.00, now$1 1 6.00Imitation Quartered Oak Bed RoomSuite, was $40.00, now $32.00One long Davenport, Oak, ChaseLeather, was $25.00, now....$20.00One long Davenport, Quartered OakFront, was $30.00, now $24.00Davenette Parlor Suite, Davenette and TwoChairs to Match, in mahoganv,was $45.00, now $36.00Also one Oak Davenette with two Chairsto match, was $77.00,now $61 .60One Oak Duofold Bed, was $40.00,now $32.009x12 Room Size Druggets, Brussells,$ 1 O.OO, $ 1 5.00 and $20.00Axminster 9x12. .$25. OO and $30.00e; m. wheelerEIGHTH AND MAIN STREETSsA. APossesson NVi"0 fflven iuarcu x, ai.XBRUCE MILLER,Paris 6as& Electric Co..2HV ' jPARIS. KY;A-.;II:t - . vft:5 .-.!mrI'lMPERFECT IN ORIGINAL- - -'TV-" JvfI!Ji7i; hSiIIH E HH j HH BIBIDON'TsMISSOUR-,vDURINGALL OFr immmlalm ,eaBBRemember!We firmly believe that wecan and do give you BETTER VALUES than you canPOSSIBLY secure elsewhere.i i(This is our invitation to younow to attend this sale, andwe sincerely hope we shall seeyou here whether you buy or not.Remember!Every article in our tremendous stock is included inthis BIG CASH SALENothing is with-held.EVERY DOLLAR SAVED IS ONE MADE!Rugs, Carpetsy&xi- Many in fact most of our Rugs and Carpetswere' bought before the big advance, yet we are evenreducing these prices. For instance, a Seamless Brussells Rug, regular price $16.00, we are offering inthis sale at$1 2.80All other Rugs and Carpets in same proportion. .Many Storesi Offer you so-called special prices on a few articles, butthe fact we wish to impress on you is that this BIGCASH SALE of ours gives you aBargain Price on 6very Jtrtick in Our Bouse!You cannot afford to miss this sale, nor can weafford to have you miss it.Furniture$ 5.00 Rockers, Sale Price $ 4.0017.50 Rockers, Sale Price 14.0025.00 Tables, Sale Price 20.0017.00 Kaltax Rocker, Sale Price 13.604.75 Kaltax Rocker, Sale Price 3.8027.50 Writing Desk, Sale Price 22.0045.0 tf Brass Beds, Sale Price. . .. 36.0032.00 Chifforobe, Sale Price 25.60111 Addition to These Prices You'll FindMany Extra Special PricesThroughout Our ,Whoie Stock on Every Floor.Here is an Example of Just One or Two:$65.00 Golden Oak Chiffonier. J Extra Special Price $41.00$85.00 Solid Mahogany China Cabinet ....Extra Special Price $59.00$25.00 Golden Oak Dressing Table Extra Special Price $14.90IBedding$ 3.75 Mattresses, Sale Price . . .$ 3.008.75 Mattresses, Sale Price 7.0012.50 Mattresses, Sale Price 10 002.00 Comforts, Sale Price 102.50 Comforts, Sale Price 2.004.50 Comforts, Sale Price 360tf.00 Blankets, Sale Price 4.S02.50 Blankets, Sale Price 2!oO2.50 Pillows, Sale Price 2.006.00 Pillows, Sale Price 49WALL PAPER, LACE CURTAINS, DRAPERIES, PICTURES !AH of These Things Go in Our Big Cash SaleAnd you will find it will foe a long, long time before you can secure these prices again, so be sure and TAKE ADVANTAGEOFTHEM NOW! Vou will find that our prices are lower than the lowest. Come and see.we have quoted prices on afew articles only, don't losesight of the fact that NOTONLY THESE ARTICLES, butEVER! ARTICLE IN OUR STOREOUR ENTIRE STOCK, is similarly reduced.what we imm TO BO, m MThere is not a single thing concealed or hidden in this advertisement. It is the time for you to save a LOT OF MONEY !We want YOU to help us make this theBIGGEST BIG CASH SALEwe have ever had. We know we can be of service to you, andwe want you to get the habit of coming here.rNotice These Bargains InLinoleums55c Linoleum, Sale Price 4465c Linoleums, Sale Price .52c75c Linoleums, Sale Price .60c85c Linoleums, Sale Price A ggc$1.00 Linoleums, Sale Price &Qz$1.25 Linoleums, Sale Price a 00$1.50 Linoleums, Sale Price $i0$1.75 Linoleums, Sale Price $l)The J. T. fflNTQNOftEither phone" 36PARIS, KENTUCKYCorner Sixthla Main1TUESDAY, JANUARY 23, 1917.THE BOURBON NEWS, PARIS, KY.PAGRFIVEts0fSsSOCIAL AND PERSONAL.DAUGHTERS OF CONFEDERACYOBSERVE LEE'S BIRTHDAYFOR THE BESTNOTHING ELSEComings and Goings of OutPeople Here, There andElsewhere.One of the most interesting meetings of the year was the one held atthe court house Friday afternoon bythe local chapterUieATTENTION, ADVERTISERS.8;e(when 7 months ago we could by it at j Mrs. Joe Vardon has as guest2'4 cents); lynotype metal at 11 cents at her home on Vine street Mrsper pound and ink 10 cents (a 100 per Laura Williams, of Mt. Sterlingcent, advance) mateiial used to pub-1 inoc. Mo,ini;n u.. i n .Ilsh a newspaper advanced fioni 50 ' TnlT uit Z Kudlsto? u-?to 200 per cent, the publisher is forced S ury nd Sunday ofto either advance nil charges for ad-lf'' "nd Mrs Chas- Ussier, in I.e-members ofDr. Huffman, of the Centerville Daughters of the Confederacy, the oc,.: . i i ni ! i .. casion nmnir tlin nhspri-anno rf flm m.pj-vciuct, nab jcuiiu to norma to re- . ' . -""- -". mc uu-.g.main for several weeks. mversary ol uie Dirtn ot ueneral Robt !Mrs. W. A. Johnson, of Paris, Irc " T.-,i,v. t nn -i , Jo:i miosh nf w cic Mr-e t?u ..Mr: Jolm ! Connell, president of &m9FRANK Sc CO."WCfli ,-..,,,r.n:t- ..-... .,ir) - in IS ;i friiocf rf Vihr- eiof Af.c T?b1. . . 1!Huuiifttrmi, puyci 4uicu . j-v -- - - "V , u. nuu.-. Uie Chapter, in a neat little speechL.IS11 fc.aZ 111.1 IJVJl-ftllll I V 11113 II IIUIL.UIL.1 kl "" ----- . aLAl.ington.introduced Col. Henry Georjre, Commandant of the Confederate Home afPewee Valley, as the principal speakerof Uie afternoon, Col. George delivereda most interesting and pleasing address to the assembly, taking for hissubject, "Robert E. Lee and theumeueruuy. iiis aauress was aANNOUNCINGvriisinr snupp. inh wnrk nnrl siihsrriri- I. -!----,.,--.. --..,. , -T- T7.n T . .,,. ' -"- "'" umootiotscrquit tne ousiness. All ol our i,liaa " uuumis, oi oyntniana, masterpiece of oratorv. and was liston-advertisers know something of thi se was a guest of Miss Willie McNa- ed to with rapt attention by his audi- 2aJvancss they all buy paper for wrap-, niara, from Saturday to Monday ence, afuong whom were the remnant Iping purposes, paper bags, boxes, etc. morning. of the ganarit band who left Bourbon'"".' .-,., - ..... rv.w....w. .. "no. jjluujiujjc: v muemann ana wy " -iiu mtniiumuiu uuys oi uie mhis employees have to pay them more little daugter, who have both been ar to fight for the "Lost Cause.' 'at their home near Paris Among (these -vere Col. James Arnold, '2m9$mRemnant Salet-ANDfor what they have to sell.Isow, something has to be done toequalize matters.With paper costing 10 cents a pound,it means that the 104 issues of thepaper sent to each subsciiber duringthe year costs us $1.04 that is just thecost of the paper alone the labor,mailing and hundreds of other expenses must be added to that. So, yousee, at $2.00 per year for subscnpticn,the publisher can't make ends meet.We have a large list of good payingsubacribers who are willing to pay$2.00, but would not stand for a raise.The advertiser desires to reach allthese good people with his advertisement, so we are willing to continue tocarry them, even if we are losingmoney on every subscriber. The moneymust come from some other source.The price on job work and advertisingspace must be advanced like all otherproducts, such as clothing, shoes, groceries, furniture, dry goods, etc.We pay the merchant more for whatwe buy of him, because he has had topav an advance to the wholesaler andjobber for his goods. Isn't it fair thatwe should be entitled to an advancedprice on what we have to sell? Ofcourse it is.We have already demanded of theforeign advertiser more money forspace and they have paid the pricewithout a word.Novr, we will be compelled to getaore from some of our home advertisers who have large advertisementsrunning, on which they are payingquite illui'e improving.Miss Mina Howell,ClearanceSalewhobeen a guest of friends in Paris, forbeuvrai wccks, nas gone to TiajuianCali., to visit.now ot Newport, and Col. Thos. M.jias Moore, now a resident of Lexington.A very interesting report of the proceedings of the National Convention of ithe D. of C, held at Dallas, Texas,1some time ago, was made bv Mr;Miss Marv Vallandingham, of n B V A " , y il13'Owcnton, and Miss Marv Adan s Lin- ?"SS.? J1 an"' C P1S' who was Preswii.1 r t,.;,.;ii r :. eiit at the Convention as a delegateOnlll rtf T .rtlllCX'llIo iT-n nimnrc rV "1i...raitir ;;. ' u "l -UIOfiom the local Chapter.delegate ' 2Miss Edna Huffman has retuinedto her home in Covington, after a visitto Mrs. John R. Owens and Mrs. JackOwsley, on Hatmon streetMrs. Mann'saddress was well leceived, and gavein detail some of the most interestingphases of the Convention meeting.Following the addresses and the dis-7r. wn- m r i u 'position of the routine business avMfT Wwm T; Blickner has social hour was enjoyed by the guestreturned to her country home near ,, , v,o ,. A t .,..Paris, after a pleasant stay with relatives and friends in Paris.and the members of the Chapter, during which they were served with sandwiohes. nnffee nnrl lint, nlmrnlnto TIipMr. Samuel Haidillg, Of Paris, Was'nitoiiilnnPO woe nniiQiflomlilr nt .lnw.itaken to the Dr. Holpnes Hospital, in because of the inability of a large num-1Cincinnati, last week, where he willundergo a surgical operation.Mrs. Hughes Atkinson has returned to her home in Mt. Sterling,after a visit to her mother, Mrs.William Tarr, and other relatives.Miss Ruby Redwitz, a memberof the faculty of the North Middletown College, who has been veryill for several days with grippe, isrecovering.Mrs. Harry B. Burnaw, has returned to her home in Carlisle, aftera vivsit to her daughter, Mrs. Curtis Henry, and Mr. Henry, nearFourteenth street.Mrs. William Shire entertainedher of members who reside in thecounty to1 reach Paris on account ofthe snow blockade. Those who didbrave the inclement weather and itsattendant discern tbrts were amply regarded in the the enjoyment of theoccasion.Now Going OnHUNDREDS OF REMNANTS saved just for thfeSale will be offered at prices that will prove most interesting in view of the continued advance of all materials..-y .the old price the contracts having I delightfully at her home Saturdaybeen made some time ago, before theprices shot skyward.Now the proposition is this:Those who have the large ads anddon't care to spend any more moneywill consequently have to be satisfiedwith smaller spaces.Beginning on February 1 we will reduce the size of these advertisementsone-third, if the advertiser does notnotify us that he is willing to pay athird more and keep the space he isnow using. Our space is constantly indemand and we can get our price fromthe foreigner, but prefer to do business with the home merchant on thesame basis. If you care to keep yourad the same size say to us that youare willing to pay the advance price ofne-third. If w"e don't hear from youwre will presume that you will wantthe size reduced one-third.SWIFT CHAMP,Publisher.PLENTY OF CANNED GOODS.We have canned goods at goodjood prices. Call us.(It C. P. COOK & CO.afternoon with a luncheon-bridgefor a number of guests. Mr. andMrs. Shire will leave this week fora visit to New York.Prof. M. C. White, of the ParisHigh School refereed the gamesbetween the Winchester and Cynthiana High Schools basket ballteams at Winchester Fridy night.Mrs. William Neal and daughter,Miss Mayme Neal, were called to Chicago. Friday, by Uie serious illness otMr. Will (Bailie) Neal, who has beena resident of the Windy City for several years.Mr. W. K. Griffith, Chief Train Dispatcher of this division of the Louisviire & Nashville railroad, who haabeen conOned to his home on Cypressstreet for several days threatenedwith appendicitis, is considerably improved.i ' Mr. J. Curtis Lary, former Parisian,, was a caiier at inn. irjvcoffice Saturday, while in Paris, ona business mission. Mr. Lary confessed to a tender feeling still existing and called on old friends during his stay.A number of Paris society n o-DR.RAYMOND McMILLAN TOHEAD DENTAL SOCIETY.At the regular monthly meetingof the Blue Grass Dental Societyheld in Lexington Saturday nightthe annual election of officers tosorve for the ensuing term was held.The meeting took place in the private dining room at the Leonard Hotel and was preceded by a dinner.Dr. Raymond R. McMillan, of Paris, was honored by being electedpresident of the society. Dr. McMillan is one the leading dentists inthe State and his selection as headof the Blue Grass Dental Society isa fitting testimony of the esteem inwhich he is held by his fellow-practitioners.The society voted to holda big mid-winter meeting in March,at wihch clinics will be held andpapers read by some of the most eminent members of the dental profession in the State.Clearance Sale gf All Odd PiecesOFSILKS, DRESS GOODS,WASH and WHITE GOODSCURTAINSIn Pair and Two-Pair Lots, to Close Out.-MUSLIN UNDERWEARj,Slightly Soiled and Mussed.Vt 1Final Cut in Prices of All sSUITS, DRESSES and COATSThese are Bargain Days, and wise buyers will do well. to visit our store early.NOTICEAll persons having claims against theBourbon Aerie Eagles 1781 will pleasepresent same to the undersigned forfor payment before Wednesday evening. January 24th.ROBT. SPENCER, W. P.(It) GEO. DOYLE, Sec'y.9FRANK & COMPANY!inle have received invitations toTALKS TAX REFORM TO it he dance which will be given in theSCOTT COUNTY PEOPLE. -.ballroom of the Frankfort ITo!ti at. j Frankfort on the evening of .lauu-Hon. Reuben B. Hutchcraft. Jr., ,ary 30. Misses Jessie Delbitt andof Paris, addressed a large crowd of . Clara Schenkel compose the comScott county people at the court mittee in charge of the affairhouse in Georgetown, Saturday af-1 The Pastors' Aid Societyternoon on the question of why anextra session should be called forsxtra session of the Legislaturejhould be called for the purpose ofenacting the recommendations ofthe Tax Commission into law.Mr. Hutchcraft told of the State'sindebtedness of $5,000,000, whichincreases $60,000 per month, anddeclared that unless something isassessed valuation of lands will begreatly increased. His address waswell received by the Scott countypeople.BOURBON FARMING CONDITIONofthe Presbyterian Church, will holdtheir first meeting of the yearat the manse this afternoon, Tuesday, January 23. It is earnestlyrequested that there be a full attendance of the members, as themeeting promises to be one of tin-u-.ualinterest.Mrs. A. T. Carrithers entertained at her home on North Broad-jway in Lexington, Saturday, with aluncheon in honor of Mrs. CassiuM. Clay, of Paris and sister, Mrs.Samuel Stone, of Louisville, Ky.The ladies were travelingeomnanious last snrinir on a trin to! Panama and the Canal Zone.i fl WiplDfor this genuinef!cnnw onrl severe cold weather Hon. iteuuen. rtutcncrait, ol fans,haW infprfpred with all kinds of and Judge W. T. Lafferty, Dean of thefarm work and the tobacco market, i Law School of the University of Ken-KjThere were no sales several days be-,tucky, attended a recent meeting otcause of the inability to get the taie Association of Law Schools ofcrops to market. An unusual sight j America, held in Chicago, at which forwas witnessed when three sled loads ty-five of the leading law schools ofof tobacco, each containing about America were represented by dele-nnn nrmnrlc wptp hauled un Main gates.-,.,wv, vv....- - . -,- ITT . TT..1.: ...K 1-IveV. YV. A. -TlUpMUS, WI1U JltlSstreet to the Bourbon iooaccoWarehouse, coming from the Bunker Hill vicinity, near North Middletown. The market has been activeand strong and much good tobaccoremains yet to be sold. The saleswill continue until March.E. F. SPEARS & SONS BUY1,000,0000 POUNDS HEMPFnlW one-half the hemp production cf Clark county, one millionpounds approximately, representingthe product of two thousand acres,will pass into the possession ofMessrs. E. F. Spears & Sons, of thisity by the terms of a deal made inWinchester, Saturday, between representatives of the Clark countyhemp growers and Mr. WoodfordSpears, of Paris, for the firm.The price paid for the staple waswas $13.75.Spears & Sons will acquire thefirst half of the crop that is broken out, and the price they paidis said to have been $2,25 mexcess of that which was paid lastyear, when about five hundred acrserepresented the hemp production inthe county. This purchase willmean that E. F. Spears & Sons willturn over to the hemp growers ofClark county a sum in the neighborhood o $137,000. Delivery of thejiemp win pegin in uie wuci j.c wxMarrTi nr n soon as the weatherconditions will -permit the crop, to belShipp, Misses Marybeen engaged m mission work nLexington, for the past year, andwho at one time had underaconsideration a call to the pastorater of the Paris Presbyterv.nChurch, has resigned. Mr. Hopkinswill be engaged in the work or" theLaymen's Missionary Movement fora time. Ho has not fully completed his plans for future work.Mrs. James H. Thompson entertained at the Sweet Shop Friday afternoon with three tables of bridge.A delightful menu, consisiting ofJfriut salad, egg croquettes withmushroom sauce, country nam, neat-en bicuit, hot nut bread and coffeewas served to the following guests:Mesdames Buckner Woodford, Albert Hinton, Miller Wood, WalterKenney, Oscar Hinton, Owen L. Davis. Arthur Hancock. John Yerkes:Misses Rachel Wiggins, Ollie Butler)and Lonne Butler.The members of the CrochetClub of the Clintonville vicinitywere recent guests of Mrs. FredEstes. The ladies spent a most enjoyable time in social mingling andand a delicious luncheon was servedby the hostess. The guests presentwere Mesdames J. T. Estes, SarahSchooler, W. W. Haley, GeorgeW. Dawson, R. S. Darnaby, JamesMcDonald, Thos. Darnaby, D. D.Smith, Samuel Crawford, Kelly Haley, Claude Weathers, and Vardenand RobertVictor-Victrola IYes sir, a genuineVictor-Yictrola for $15.I lardlv scorns possible,and yel this new instrument embraces all thef u n d a in e n t a 1 Victor-Yictrola principles. i "And the u n e q u al e d hYictor-Victrola tonethat's the most importanttiling of all.Come in today and &ht-ar it no obligationon your part, but youwon't want to do without$300.Easyproken out.KGorham and Ethlyn Smith.wiB one.y Other styles $25 toH Victors 10 to $100.t!9 terms if desired. ital x v&m mHm mE ' ei MiDAUGHERTY BROS, jWALSH'SCUT PRICESONOVERCOATS!wE are making this FINALWINDING UP SALEon our Overcoats.Our slock is still completeand you can find your size andstyle in any of our nobby orconservative Coats.The prices are much- lessthan they are worth, so dropin to-day and pick out yourCoat.:CnpjncM 1916Ilia LIcUio ol Huppunlitiuir$30.00$25.00$22.50$20.00$18.00$15.00$12.50$10.00OvercoatsOvercoatsOvercoatsOvercoatsOvercoatsOvercoatsOvercoatsOvercoatscut to .cut tocut tocut to.cut to .cut to .cut tocut to .$25.00$20.00$17.50$16.50.$14.50.$11.50- $9.50.$7.98ssR. P. WALSHMain and Seventh The One Price Store Paris, Kentucky ItK-, AJMfeWfr fTt-,'.Vh ,-,ff " rJPAGJE SIXTHE BOURBON NEWS, PARIS, KY.TUESDAY, -JANUARY S3, 1117..1I! I(.' I; ?If CoffeewmmmmmmmmmtmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmI s,IHBBMHHHIMRS. VISCONTI A KENTUCKIANDisagreesusePOSTUMfor over 20 yearsthe healthful tableDrink in thousandsof homes.Made from prime Wheat and alittle wholesome molasses.An ideal family drink instead oftea or coffee.Mrs. Ruth Thompson. Visconti, whohas been sum-moned lo testify in the"leak" investigation in Washington,spent the i early part of her life inScott county. She was tfie daughterof Beri Thompson, who for a timelived on the farm of Mrs. Annie Nutter, on the Lone Lick pike, out ofGeorgetown. She was born at Swit-zer, not far-' frcjn Stamping Ground.,Her mother before her marriage wasjMiss Talbot, and she, oi course, has.many relatives in Scott county anlhas visited Georgetown with herj mother since going away.I From Georgetown the family movedto a Western State and subsequentlyj went to Florida, where the father diedi The mother and daughter and twoI sons, Alex, and Guy, then removed toJohnstown, Pa., where Miss Thompson'became Mrs. Visconti. In recentjyears she has been connected with ofliJcial Washington in the capacity ofsecretary to a reporter on one oi U13.leading dailies.f twin Bros. Department StoreEAT WITHOUT FEAROF INDIGESTIONSOUR, ACIDORSTOMACHGERMAN OCEAN WARFAREAGAIN AT WORK.RIO JANEIRO, January 22. A German raider for the past month hasfeetm. sinking vessels of Entente AlliesPowers in the South Atlantic. Latestreports fix the number at 15. Surviv.rs of tihe destroyed vessels to a number of 237 have been landed at Pe--n&rabuco,and the fate of nearly 45ymen is still unknown.The first official statements given outiere regarding the raider were to theeffect that seven, vessels had beensunk and nine captured. In a communication, to the Minister of Marine, theCaptain of the Port of Pernambucjueclared that he Jiad learned the raiderhad also sunk eight of the vesselswhich were at first reported merelycaptured. Their crews, the fate ofwhich is not known, numbered 441men.It is considered almost certainhere that the German sea raider, whicihas been, creating havoc amongEntente shipping in the South Atlantic, is the Moewe, the German armedraider which captured the Appam andsank numerous Entente ships in At- "THE EATS" GETTINGlantic waters a year ago. SCARCE IN GERMANY.The American Consul at Pernambucolias cabled the Embassy confirm-! STOCKHOLM, January 22. Theing the landing of several Americans food situation in Gertnany has crownfrom vessels which fell victims to the much worse during the lasj; sixraider. He added that no American months, according to the experience ofships had been sunk by the German an Associated Press correspondentcraft, and that all the American sail- who has returned from a trip to Berors landed were men from the crews lin. Potatoes are so scarce that thisof foreign vessels. week's per capita ration in Berlin wasAccording to reports from an author- less than four and a half pounds,itative source, the Moewe is under- This is attributed in part to the farmerstood to have sailed from Kiel under withholding shipments until Februarythe Danish flag, carrying a cargo of 15, when higher prices will be perliay on the bridge in order to conceal mitted, but it is not denied that theher armament. When last seen the potato crqp is insufficient to meet norMoewe was painted black, with white mal demand.markings. TT- armament included No cheese has been on the marketfour torpedo tubes in service and sev- since August and eggs are unobtainaeral tubes in reserve. She is believed m ble, except surreptitiously at 16 to 20to have carried a mine-laying appa-! cents each. Berlin's daily milk sup-ratus. ipiy is about 350.000 litres, acainst :Instant Relief! 'Tape's Dinpepsin'Ends Your Stomach TroubleForever.Wife's Relatives Leave.After a man has slept on a loungefor two months it seems like goingto heaven when he finally crawls Intoa real bed. New Bedford Times.The case of T. T. Forman, of Lexman, of Lexington, against the MutualLife Insurance Company, on appealfrom the Fayette Circuit Court, wasargued before the Court of Appeals.Forman carried a twenty years deferred dividend, policy of $2,000 withthe company. At the end of thetwenty years, in 1912, the companyclaijmed uai it .wed Forman $510 individends. Forman contended that neshould have received $965 in dividends. The decision of the Court wil.be of State wide interest as there arethousands of policies in this companyeatkt ! held by Kentuckians.normal 1,000,000, and it is impossibleto buy clothing, shoes, stockings orblankets except by permission of thepolice.In the United States 2,000,000 children, 10 to 15 years of age, are employed in gainful occupations.Wonder what upset your dtomachwhich portion of the food did tihe damage Mo you? Well, don't bother. Uyour stomach is in a revolt; if sour,gassy and upset, and what you justate Jias fermented into stubbornlumps; head dizzy and aches; belcicases and acids and eructate undigested food; breath foul, tongue coatedjust take a little Pape's Diapepsinand in five minutes you wonder whatbecome of the indigestion and distress.Millions of men and wdmen to-daknow liliat it is needless to have a badstomach. A little Diapepsin occasionally keeps this delicate organ regulated and they eat their favorite foodswithout delay.If you stomach doesn't take care cfyour liberal limit without rebellion;if your food is a damage instead of ahelD. remember the quickest, surest.most harmless relief is Pape's Diapepsin which costs only fifty cents fora large case at drug stores. It's trulywonderful it digests food and setsthings straight, so gently and easilythat it is really astonishing. Pleas?,for your sake, don't go on and on witha weak, disordered stomach; it's so unnecessary, (adv)999999999999Stventlf and main $t$.Paris, KentuckyGREAT REDUCTIONSOnHLadies andChildren'sSuits, Cloaks,Skirts,Waists, Etc.Twin Bros, Dep't Store)INSURANCE CASE OFSTATE-WIDE INTERESTService FirstThe City has added a new Fire Truckto its equipment to provide adequate andefficient protection to you.The County has built modern roads foryour convenience, safety and comfort andto provide an efficient means of travel andtransportation.The Home TelephoneCompany has added a new Truck toits equipment, which, with its other two,will provide an efficient means of caring" forthe plant which furnishes modern telephone service.Have you a HOME PHONE? Join themodern procession. - Call contract department now.Paris Home Telephone 5 Telegraph Co.(Incorporated)J. J. VEATCH, Uistrict Manager.W. H. CANNON, THOMAS K. iMITH,Equipment Manager. Cashier.MiSPECIAL PRICEON ALL-9,m9&9999999PAINFUL COUGHS RELIEVED.Cook Stoves, Heaters andRangesDURING THIS MONTHDr. King's New Discovery is a soothing, healing remedy for coughs andcolds that lias stood the test of nearlyfifty years. For that cough that strainsthe throe. r& saps the vitality, tryDr. Kin&B ftsw Discovery. The soothing pine bUJams. and mild laxative ingredients stxn drive the cold from thesystem. Have a bottle on hand forwinter colds, croup, grippe and bronchial affections. At your Druggist, 50c.(adv-janjREPUBLICANS PLANHOUSE PROGRAM.start the New year with a ReiiaDie RangeWTTiTryTrading atWheeler'You'llLike It.il im i.124a jiWrV Lnitfii ; WrJ...H.'A:ms3u r . -:ft . ":r-s .- -z.-x?'Iff-Tii ITTwg4jjrJ! f & ym- ttp ,7Jfij 1 cJA LittleEachWeekor MonthWill SoonPay For aRELIABLERANGEHouse Republicans will hold a partyconference soon to map out a legislative program for the next Congress,which their leaders claim will be underRepublican control. RepresentativesGardner, ot Massachusetts, and flicks,of New York, announced that morethan enouch signatures have been obtained to a petition circulated by them, Ito be presented in a few days to itepresentative Green, of Vermont, chairman of the caucus. No date has beenset, Representative Gardner said.Republican Leader Mann had notbeen consulted, and it was said that itwas not intended to raise the speakership question at the conference.RUB NEURALIGA PAINAWAY! QUICK RELiEr'Toss of a Coin" SaleNOW GOING ONUnheard-of Bargains InMen's and Boys'Suits and Ove?coatsShoeSj jrfatsand JiurnishingsDon't Miss This Se3cI "Savethe Difference!"TWIN BR0S.Clothing and Shoe Dept. L. Wollsteir?, Prop,Special Prices on All Rockers, Chairs, Mattings, Rugsand Carpets.Let us figure with you on furnishing your home with as many pieces as you willwant for the home, during our January Sale.Stop Suffering! Rub Neuralgia PainFrom Face, Head or Body With'St. Jacob's Oil."A. F, Wheeler 8, Go.Main Street . CHAS. GREEN, Manager. Opp.XburtjjHouseGet a sjmall trial bottle!Rub this soothing, penetrating oilright into the sore, inflalmeu nerve.-?,and like magic neuralgia disappears."St. Jacob's Oil" conquers pain. It ia harmless neuralgia relief whichdoesn't burn or discolor the skin.Don't suffer! It's so needless. Geta small trial bottle from any drugstore and gently rub the "achingnerves," and in just a moment yoawill be absolutely free from pain, achand suffering, but what will pleaseyou more is, that the misery will notcome back.No difference whether your pain oineuralgia misery is in the fact, heador any ,part of the body, you get instant relief and without injury.(adv)5osc& jssaaasec94HOW TO CHECK THAT COLD.When it is painful to breath andfever sends chills up and down yourback, you are in for a cold. A timelydose -of Dr. Bell's Pine Tar Honey willstop the sneezes and sniffles. The pinebalsam loosens the phlegm and clearsthe bronchial tubes, the honey soothesand relieves the sore throat. The antiseptic qualities kill the germ and thernnfrpstp.d condition is relieved. Croup,whooping cough, and chronic bronchialaffections quickly relieved! At allDruggists, 25c. -, ,Bourbon LaundryDWIS & FUNK, Props.Telephone No. 4. West 5 Streetr 1 Ir-JSatisfaction is OurWatchwordWith all the latest improvements in laundryappliances and experthelpers we ere preparedto do work inferior tonone, and solicit yourpatronage.Bourbon Laundry,Paris Kentucky.ilOiivjn f-t'fi $';vlaav-janjvfeTUESDAY, JANUARY 23; 1917.THE BOURBON NEWS, PARIS, KY.PAGE SBVWCLAST SURVIVING OFFICER (CLIP THIS AND PINOF FARRAGUT'S STAFF DIES on WIFE'S DHESSEH.Capt, Charles H. Baxter, last surviving officer on the staff of Admiral Farragut, died at his houe in New Yorkat the age of S3 years. Capt. Baxterwas born at Baton Rouge, La., an Ihad served as an officer with the British forces during the Sepoy rebellionin India and later in the Crimean Warand the rebellion in Madagascar. Heserved as an officer in the Americannavy throughout the Ciil War. Threedaughters and a son survive him.INACTIVITYCAUSESTION.CONSTIPA-Lack of exercise in tlie winter is afrequent cause of constipation. Youfeel heavy, dull and listless, your complexion is sallow and pijnply, and energy at low ebb. Clean up this condition at once with Dr. King's New LifaPills, a mild laxative that relieves theingested intestines without griping.A dose before retiring will assure youa full and easy movement in the mornmg. 25c at your Druggist.(adv-jan)Cincinnati Man Tells How to ShrivelUp Corns or Callouses so TheyLift Off With Fingers.Ouch! ?! ? ! ! This kind of rouciitalk will be heard less here in town Ipeople troubled with corns will followthe siVnple advice of this CincinnatiTHE TOBACCO MARKETContinued from Page 1.)The Bourlon Tobacco WarehouseComjpany sold Friday 104,415 poundsof tjbacco for a total of $19,755.1 LThe Bourbon House sold 48,790 pound?for a total of $9,471.95, an averageof ?19.41. The Paris (house sold 55,G25 pounds for $10,283.22, an averageof $18.4S. Spine of the crop averagesare as follows:ninrltv -1,a Alnimo tl.ol o faV ,KW . "' "' V.itn.c OU1U -,J'tU l'UUUUS 1UI7 ,"1"' "" -" "" " ""'; ?o55.07, average $18.87.of a drug called 1- reezone when applied AlmilimWfll, , f4; ,,, 9 on:: ,!,for $503.93, average $17.34?Highland & Gifford sold 4,3S0 poundstor $882.S7, average $20.13to a tender, aching corn or hardenedcallous stops soreness at once, and isoon t.he corn -or callous dries up anw.lo ,!. xlx.uuu imx.x. R E Bedford sold 1,135 pounds forHe says Freezone dries immediately $221.28. average $19.48.and never inflames or even irritates j Marsh & Purcell sold 3,915 poundsthe surrounding skin. A small bottle! for $753.37, average $19.09.of Freezone 11 cost very little at Clarke & Donaldson sold 2,133any drug store, but will positively pounds for $411.39, average S1S.S2.remove every hard or soft corn .-. Ardery & Lewis sold 2,690 poundscallous irom ones feet. Millions of i for S517.65. averasn S19.24.American women will weicome thisannounceanent since the inaugurationot the high heels. If your druggistdoesn't have Freezone tell him to order a small bottle for you. (adv)4 4 'I' !' 'I1 'I1 I'4"&"g"I"I"2'I't4'4,I'!4'M5"5'S' &&&&&&&&2n5A55tkt ihSV 11) lft-'i2ivL. T,, masm yr 'mmJr 5 ' -sssjf5 c21Come iiask aboutioiuixssSPArdery & Gross sold 3,295 poundsfor $677.51. average $20.56.Mrs. Sallie B. Hedges sold 4,35opounds for $774.66, average $17.55.Bedford &, Galloway sold 2,945pounds for $5S0.34, average $19.70.Fisher Rankins sold. 3,645 pound?for $644.79, average $17.6S.Long & Tucker sold 2,010 pounds for4, S391.71, average $19.48.Leer &. Banta sold 3,735 pounds for$746.18. average $19.97.j. Purdy & Ritchie sold 1,920 poundsfor $364.67, average $1S.9S.' 1 licks & Early wine sold 6,110 poundsfor SL101.94, average $18.03., Offutt & Biddle sold 2,985 pounds for$59S.07, average $20.03.Bramblett & Wilson sold 3,205J pounds for $623.77, average $19.46... R. L. Tarr sold 3,675 pounds for$828.69, average $22.57.X Ward &. Wagoner sold 3,910 poundsfor $778.S7, average $19.91.Lair & Buckler sold 2,165 pounds for4. $401.53, average $1S.6S.4 J. W. Bell sold 2,915 pounds for$544.1S, average $1S.66.. L.eer & Briley sold 2,655 pounds fory 492.70, average $1S.56.Miss Louise Leer sold 516 pounds for$58.36, average $17.15.Jas. H. Fisher & Speakes sold 2,im? pounds for $404.36, average $18.S9.Malinda & Jennie Fisher sold 320J pounds for $68.24. average $21.32.1 Brannock & Hitch sold 3,100 poundsf for $571.31, average $1S.42Jopcs & Mason sold 1.530 poundsft $::i:.24, average $20.55.Darnell fc Dawson sold 2,595 poundsg for S480.SS. avcrqge $18.53.Al Robinson sold 5.205 .pounds lor$1,142.69, average $22.33.Come in; get a bank book FREE. Join our "Chiistmas Banking Club" by depositing either 1 c-nt, 2 cents,5 cents or 10 cents. You increase your deposit the sameamount each week. ...NO CHARGE TO JOIN.In fifty weeks:lcent club pays $ 12.752cent club pays S 25.505cent club pays $ 63.7510'cent club pays $127.50You can put in $1.00 or $2.00 or $5.00 each week, andin 50 weeks have $50 or $100 or $250.WE ADD 3 PER CENT. INTEREST!This is not a plan just for BOYS and GIRLS; it isalso for MEN and WOMEN.You can start TO-DAY-START.tj.5Deposit and Peoples Bank2ijt4i'4The Independent House had only asmall sale Friday, the floor of 9.620pour is being disposed of lqr a total of?1,S56.67, an average of $10.30. Thelight offering was due to the almostimpassible condition of the roads,caused by the heavv snows. Tihe market was strong and active. Some opthe averages are as follows:Clark & Howard. 2,245 pounds foran average of $21.08.Geo. W. Estes, 470 'pounds at $17.70.Clark & Keller, 775 pounds at 21.01.9io299EDW. BURKE, PresidentH. S- CAYWOOD, Vice-Pre.JINO. T. COLLIlMS, ManagerDirectorsEDW. BURKESAM CLAYJAS. CALDWELLfl. S. CAYWOODA. L. STEPHENSONJ. L. DENTONROBT. E. BEATTYLUTHER STIVERSC. D. WILSOND. W. PEEDJNO. T. COLLINSS. R. BURR1SA. B. HANCOCKW. M. ROGERSTheourbonobaccoWarehouse Co.SALES TO DATE 2,613,335 POUNDSAGE $17.75Highest: Average for the Season.MOTHER! DON'T TAKECHANCES IF CHILD'STONGUE IS COATEDIfCross, Feverish, Sick, Bilious,Clean Little Liver andBowels.j.ji.Xi.t4niItIi;..IIiIHIM"I"I"I"I"I"I',I"I"H"I'IA laxative to-day saves a sick childto-morrow. Children simply will nottake the time from play to emptytheir howels, which become cloggedup with waste, liver gets sluggisn.stomach sour.Look at the tongue, mother! If caot-!ed. or your child is listless, cross, fe! verish. breath bad. restless, doesn't!"! !! M'flg"I"I"I"I"M' IIIIIiIIlIIIIIIIi!I"IIlllll'll I1 'I1 I1 I1 eat heartily, full Of COld Or haS SOrOf j throat or any other children's ail4" ment, give a teaspoonful of "CaliforniaJ J Syrup of Figs," then don't worry, be-1 cause it is periectiy narmiess, anu ma few hours all this constipationpoison, sour bile and fenmenting wastewill gently move out of the bowels,and you have a well, playful childagain. A thorough "inside cleaning'is oftfmes all that is necessary. Itshould be the first treatment given inany sickness.Beware of counterfeit fig syruj)3.Ask vour druggist for a 50-cent bottleof "California Syrup of Figs," whichhas full directions for babies, childrenot all ages and for grown-ups plainlyprinted on the bottle. Look carefullvand see that it is made by the "California Fig Syrup Company." (adv)AUTOMOriS HEARSE OR AMBULANCKI desire to anrv " to our friends tiiat I can, where desired,furnish an auto' rire haarae or ambulance. This method oftransportation ij especially desired on long trips, the same being made in better time, and at no advance in cost over thehorse-drawn conveyance.GEO. W- DAVIS, Funeral Director.4 i I I 1 U HI I 1 4"I 'I 'I I "I"I"H l i 1 1 4H 4 44 44-1"H'4"1 1 i t I IA Bank AccountIs the Gibraltar of the Home!If you are a man of family you must have a bank account. A BANKACCOUNT IS THE BULWARK, THE GIBRALTAR, OF YOUR HOMEIt protects you in time of need.It gives you a feeling of independence.It strengthens you.it Is a Consolation to Your Wife,to Your ChildrenFarmers' & Traders' BankTHE GIST OF IT."Last December I had a very severecold and was nearly down sick in bed.1 bought two bottles of Chalraberlain'sCough Remedy and it was only a veryfew days until I was restored tohealth." writes O. J. Metcalf, Weatherby, Mo. If you would know the valueof this remedy, ask any one who hasused it. Obtainable everywhere.(adv-jan)A GOOD INVESTMENTsays M. D. Reynolds, Madison, Wi3..who states: "I had rheumatism nineteen years; used three boxes ofTRADE. MARKRHEUMATIC POWDERSand have thrown away crutches." Youcan afford to try them. Sold only byus,- 50c and $1.00.OBERDORFER,The Druggist, Paris, Ky.r. P. KISMt, PrrfdntWX. GRIMIS, BooUntjpr.JNO. J. M.CLINTOCK, CashierPILES! PILES! PILES!WILLIAMS9 INDIAN PILE OINTMENTWill cure Blind, Bleeding and Itching Piles.It absorbs the tumors, allays itchinsr at once,acts as a poultice, give instant relief.For sals by all dragglsts, sail 50c aad SUM.WILLIAMS MFC CO, ftfjCIlasjt 0W"KJf flPrice lor Single BasKets5 andS56Obtained at Our Sales of January 12th.THIS HOUSE has made the Home Market.THIS HOUSE has secured a Re-dryer for ParisTHIS HOUSE has saved the tobacco growers thousands of dollarsby its refusal to raise the selling fees. The saving on this crop alone toBourbon County will amount to $ 7,000.THIS HOUSE gives you a Square Deal.THIS HOUSE gets you the High Dollar.$309J999SfJSSfCa99C(f9C3si3fj9sSfsfajTHE INDEPENDENT9TOBACCO WAREHOUSED.PARS&. KENTUCKYReady tobacco atReceiveAnyTo-TimeSALES DAILYCompetition is Necessary to Make aGood Sale We Give You CompetitionSCHARLES C. CLARKEDSELL CLARKW. H. WHALEYDIRECTORSW. A. THOMASONHARRY B. CLAY "' M. R. JACOBYJOSEPH E. LEACHJAMES McCLURESAMUELHARDING jmssmmsmm!,v -fr-S-S6SBtSixthand lJfMxyor,v-fyPAGE EIGHTTHE BOURBON NEWS, PARIS, KY.TUESDAY, JANUARY W, 117.SJ'fI'1i ftn iH.iTHE MIDDLE-AGED MAfJ.The fallacy or the inefficiency of thymiddle-aged man is to be exposed ifpossible by a committee of Chicagocapitalists who will make tests of men"between, forty-five and sixty-five yearsold in comparison with younger men.Tliis is a very wisely undertakentask, for it has long seemed strangethat in a country which is managedin every important aspect by men ofjaiddle age and over, the same age insubservant position should be underestimated by reason of prjudice. Forit cannot be doubted that prejudicemore than reason has caused the degassing of older men as useful workers.It is well enough known that themere physical endurance of a man offorty to fifty is greater tiian that of aman of twenty-one. Moreover, the oldcr man's judgment is mature, his experience has ripened; frequently his-failure to have advanced his own material interests is due solely to thefait-Mulness with which he has servedhis employer's interests. Younger menaiay have more effervescence; theymay indulge in the display of moreT)ep" in their work; but these areTassing qualities, and as often as notthey represent lost motion. They seemtx indicate that the youngster is reallyaccomplishing something, when as often as not the quiet worker who docsnot attract much attention by his"rush" is really achieving more steadily and substantially. It is on the cooler side of the "pep" period that a manreaches his greatest efficiency, and hie-ralue as a servant in any line of en. teavor ought to be at its height aboutthe age of fifry-five.Tho young man lias his place in theTvork of the world, and the older manihas his place. Wise administrationwill put age where it can best exerciseits power. It is just as impossible forTunger men to imake older ,men unnecessary in the daily work of shouldering the world along, as it is forolder men to dispense with youngermen. Age is an individual matter anyway, and not a matter -of years. Theoolor of the hair is not an infallibleindication, of the vigor of the mindThe Chicago committee, by pursuingproper meaiods in its test, may do"much to correct the current prejudicf.about the onan who has grown oldonough to control his powers and woricwithout fuss or noise.ZONE RATE IS STRICKENFROM POSTOFFICE BILLPostoffice department recommendations for a zone system increasingpostal rates on newspapers and magazines, for penny postage on local dehvory and for curtailment of the pneumatic tube niail service in cities, werestricken out of the annual postofficebill by the House, sitting as a committee of tine whole. It is expected another vote on the provisions will bedemanded when the measure comes upf r;iDespite the great advance in the price of Shoes and Rubbers, wehave greatly reduced all short and broken lines in Men's, Ladies' andChildren's Footwear.PREPARE NOW!An opportunty offered you to supply yourself forand take advantage of this BARGAIN CLEARANCELadies' Dark Russia Calf Boots6.00 values $3.95Ladies' Dull Kid High Cut Boots$4.50 values 3.49Ladies' Patent Kid Cloth Top BootsS5.00 values 2.99Ladies' Patent and Gun Metal Shoes$3.50 values 12.49Ladies' Gun Metal, button, S2.50 values 1 .69Ladies' Felt Boudoirs, $1.00 values 59Ladies's Felt Juliets, fur trimmed$1.50 values 99Boys',MacDonald-Kiley Bankrupt SaleMen's High Grade M. & K. $10.00 and $12.00 ShoesVarsity Shoes AA to DON SALE MERE AT ONE-HALF PRICEoParis' Greatest ShoeMAN IS LEFT-HANDEDBOTH INSIDE AND OUT.The body of William King, whichlias been preserved for twenty monthsis described by anatomists as "lefthanded, both inside and out," accordingto a statement made public at the CityHospital in SL Louis, Mo.On May 8, 1915, King, who was 35years old. applied at the hospital tortreatment. He said he was a laborc.and had lived most. of his life in Wisconsin. He was suffering from typhoid fever.When asked who should be notifiedin case of his death, King said: "Don'tworry about that. Just cut me up andexamine any body; there's some thingwrong with me besides the fever." liodied a few days later.When surgeons made an axaminatioi:of the body they found one of the abnormal cases in the history of surgery.The heart was on the right side; theliver on the left; the appendix was onthe left side and the s'pleen on theright. The stomach was turned aroundcompletely. On the left lung was threelobes; the right lung had but two.The left kidney was larger and lowerthan the right one.j EXERCISE YOUR WILL.J In the January Woman's HomeCompanion a writer says:"Let us keep it in mind each daytiliat a weak will is the sign of inferiority; it means that we belong to thelower classes, to the weaker and inferior; and then, remember that if we remain weak and inferior, it is not because we must, but entirely becausewe prefer to; and rcfneimber that wecan become one -of the intelligent ruling class if we choose: Let us set ourselves certain tests of will, and remember to let them be tests, not tasks. Letus throw away if we can, all somberideas of duty and all ideas of ourweakness being sinful. Perhaps ilmight be accounted so by those of astrongly religious trend; but let us remember that our task, our whole splendid and joyous task in. this instance,is to learn to exercise and use our owapowers."It is Emerson who says, 'What youare speaks so loudly, I cannot hearwhat you say. ",for ipassage next week and if theyagain are rejected they will be reintroduced in the torm of a separatebill.The postoffice bill, carrying appropriations of $322,000,000, was completed in contnitt.ee of the whole andHouse leaders expect it to pass. Otherprovisions stricken out included $100,000 appropriation for an experimentalaeroplane service and a proposal fora bonding guarantee system for postalemployes. Repeated efforts to put intothe bill a section authorizing government ownership of telegraph and telephone lines were blocked by points oforder.p A K A ly 3- hjgfo-ga fsflfc Skw Ask el wr BhBIIn All Departments!All Winter Shoes andRubbers Must Go!Misses' and Children'sPROM:xrStore.-MATRIMONIAL.HINTON- WILLIAMS.The marriage of Mrs. Nellie Varden Hinton, formerly of Paris oto Mr. Burton F. Williams, of Chattanooga, Saturday morning. Mr.and Mrs. Williams will be at hometo their friends, in Chattanooga, after January 25.The bride is the daughter ofthe Rev. George S. Varden, of Paris, and aunt of Messrs. Joe andBlair Varden, and Mrs. Hugh Brent,of Paris, and Dr. George Kent Varden, of Atlnta, Ga. She has beena member of the clerical force ofthe Bryan & Hunt wholesale grocery firm in Lexington for "sometime, and is well known and poularboth in her old and her new homes.During the last three Democraticcampaigns in Fayette county shewas in charge of the stenographersj in office of the Campaign Committee. Mr. Williams holds on important position in the service of theInstitute Commission at Chattaj nooga, where he is the chief accountant tor tne commission.BIRTHS.To the wife of Mr. Robert L. Hartley, a son, their fifth child.I In this city, to the wife of Mr. OraBnnnictp a fine c"n. second born, firstson christened Tilton Burn Bannister. In this city, Sunday, to thewife of Mr. J. Sims Wilson, a son,! christened Douglas McClintockWilson.To the wife of Mr. WilliamBush, of near Austerlitz, a son. Inthe North Middletown precinct, thehomes of Mr. and Mrs. Columbia,Mr. and Mrs. Foster McKinney andMr. and Mrs. John Willoughby werej visited by the stork, leaving a, daughter at each home.BEWARE THE MOTOR APPETITE.j Y-ou have heard of the "motor carfeed' that grim-mouthed, halfl.errified look which nervous drivers acquire, and of the "motor car air," theI pitying attitude of those who ride toward those who walk. But have youheard of the "motor car appetite?"I Well, it's a thing that's troublingphysicians.This appetite is developed from riding in the sharp air. It has an artificial edge on it, since it is not bornof exercise. People gorge theTiselveswhen they ought rather to be puttingon the brakes. They haven't earned,the great meals they eat. Digestionrebels. The doctor is visited. Hoknows the signs. "Eat a lot I supi pose?" die says. "Ride in a motor car?'t "Never walk if you can help it?" Justtification enough for indigestional civilwar.present and future needs,SALE!Men's Russia vnd Platinum Calf English WalkOver Samples, 6.00 valuesMen's Russia and Platinum Calf Walk-Overand Beacon, S4.50 valuesMen's Gun Metal English Medium Toe Welts,$4.00 valuesMen's Gun Metal Button and Lace$3.00 valuesMen's Tan and Black Romeos$1.50 valuesMen's Black Felt Slippers75-cent valuesShoes al Bargain Prices.THEOOKEDXr1 335 Main Street, Paris, -Ky.WHY-TRAINS RUN,LATE IN WINTERWhenever severely cold weather ursnowstorms of unusual extent troublethe earth, freight and passengertrains run late, anywhere from anh'our to a day. The Cincinnati Posthas been looking into the matter, andas a result publishes the following editorial, which will be interestingto Paris and Bourbon county readersof THE NEWS, who are not well versed in the fickle ways of railroai'trains 'missing their schedule:"Every time we have a spell of coldweather in this country railroad systems seem to go to pieces."All travelers know thefact, andmost of them speak vio ntly about it.In any cold snap no train that runs400 tmiles will arrive on time. Whenteh mercury begins to drop the train:;begin to run late. The lower it dropsthe later they run."There seems to be some mathematical rule about it. Every degree oflower temperature takes off so 'much of.train efficiency. A train that will bean hour late on a temperature of 12above will be two hours late on a temperature of 6, three hours late at zeroand a day late at 24 below."Railroad men say there are twocauses. In cold weather the locomotives will not make enough steam tohaul the trains and heat them, too.And in cold weather switches at sta-ti us s-nd ju ftion point? '"reezn up andInust be thawed out before a train cango ahead."No doubt this explains why trainsare late. But it doesn't explain whyrailroad management allows them tobe late. Other countries much colde'than our do not have these troubles.Norway, Switzerland, the South Islandof New Zeland operate railroads inworse weather than we usually have,and do it without our abominable nuisance of late trains."It isn't necessary to have frozenswitches. It isn't necessary to havesuch long trains that locomotives willnot pull them and heat them, too.The Hungarian Government has established an experiment station for thestudy of the culture of flax and hemp.SOME CURIOUS FACTS.If a tallow candle be placed in agun, and be shot at a door, it wouldgo through without sustaining any injury, and a musket ball fired into thewater will rebound and be flattenedas if fired against a hard substance.A musket ball may be fired againstgone of glass, and, if the glass be suspended by a thread, it will not evenvibrate. Cork, if sunk twenty feet mthe ocean, will not rise again, on ac! count, of the nressure of water. Ini till e Arctic regions, when the ther-noni-leteris below zero, persons can C3iij verse more than a imile distant. Mr.(Jameson asserts that he heard every!sord of a sermon at the distance oftwo miles on a very still day with perfect distinction. Ohio $tate JDurnai,Columbus.Come here tomorrow$4,003.492.991.99.99.49K rbAV i-ffyidSfl rv-MWK9m M1PM EarfSlai !&::2JiX 'I MONEY IN THE SCRAP HEAP,I The American people are coming torealize that big "money lies hidden in.the scrap heap, and they are profitingby the lesson. The Sebree, (Ky.) Ban ,ner, in a recent issue, has the following with reference to the "trash" ofthe tobacco growers, which may eventually prove of great interest and asource of revenue to the tobacco growers of this county, as well as thoseof all the counties in tjhe State: jit "There was a time when faunierjslooked on a $2 price as the top fortrash, and it was a common saying.that 'trash is trash. Those who werepresent and watched the sales on theloose floor (here Saturday were convinced that trash was more than trasn,, when one one farmer received a higherprice for his trash than he received forlugs off the same tobacco. Severalbaskets of the commonest trash soldfor $8 and higher."iThe rise in prices is another thriftylessen to the tobacco growers and willI help greatly to stimulate the nationalthrift campaign. It may be said that'where there is no waste there is no!want, and that it will be possible toembark in the banking business at thei sign of the scrap heap.GIRLS HIT "HIGH COST;"SHORT SKIRTS THE THINGAssemblyman Carl Pieper, of Milwaukee, believes the eighth wonder ofthe world is the American girl whohas tackled the high cost of living propositron and is making a good job of itBecause he regards the short skirtas "real economy and retrenchment'he has (prepared a joint resolution congratulating t4ie women of the Statefor pointing out one avenue for thesmashing of high prices."What has bothered our best experts," said he, "is accompanied bythe American girl with a grace ar.dstyle that excites the admiration ofevery human being from the bootblack in the street to dignified Justices of the Supreme Court."Having gone the limit in savingmaterial in the make-up of the dressfrom the neck down, the Americangirl now startles the world with hereconomy and retrenchment on. theother end."THE FIRST STEP.One cent "drop" letter .postage willprobably become a reality as a result"A legislation whicfi it is expected tinpresent session of Congress will enact as a first move in the direction ofa general rate of one cent for ordinaryletters.An active campaign has been inprogress for the last five years looking towards one cent letter nostace.(This has culminated in a definiteI agreement on the part of legislative....n. : t-i- Li a. i L.lutiiui icit:s ul v (isuuigioii to grant a'one-cent local rate in all cities audtowns where deliveries are made. Thisis the first step, the one which counts..'according to those who are prosecut-,mg this campaign towards securing abuuciai nitv: iui tut; uuuic CUUIIUJ'.ComingAttractionsTUESDAYWilfred Lucas in"TheRummy"A Fine Arts Production.Mack Swain in'Ambrose's Kapid Rise'a Mack Sennett KeystoneComedy.HoursAlamo, 2 to 5:30; Paris Grand,7 to 1 0:30, Admission 5 and 1 Oc.tHMffMMIMMimmtf(Vhe "Daddi 97fan"always feels himself a "buffer" between the knocks andhardships of the World and the helplessness of the child.This is all right while he lives-but if something shouldhappen to the father, who will be the "buffer" then?87 1-2 per cent, of all estates left for administration con!? ? 1 4. uLl?e nsurance-how unwise for a man tothink that he is all sufficient m providing" an estate forthose he loves.LIFE INSURANCE is the only sure way.i The Northwestern Mutual Lite Insurance Go.R. F. CLENDENIN, Awociate Gener al AgentSuite 220 First Natl BanK BWj. PARIS KY.MflRGOLEN'SSPECIALSFor This WeekPork Chopsper pound 20cBest cut Loin Steakper pound 20cPrime Roast Beefper pound 17 1 -2c8 Bars Lenox Soapfor 25cBest Coffee, 35c Grade, atper pound 25cMARGOLIN'STHE SANITARY MEAT MARKETNEW YEAR'SWishing you 365 daysofHEALTH,HAPPINESSandPROSPERITYin197We are yours truly,VVILMOTHGrocery Co.j33jWEDNESDAYPanine Ward in"Each Pearla Tear"Released on the Paramountprogram.Charlie ChaplinIN"ONE A, M.GREETINGPARIS GRAND ID ALIOMIvft ?.'. - ' U r-V- "t ' ' vt 'e 4tH" i