i itJtPUBLISHED EVERY TUESDAY AND FRIDAY IN THE YEAR.VOLUME XXXIPARIS, BOURBON COUNTY, KENTUCKY, TUESDAY, JANUARY 9, 1917THE BOURBON NEWSTOBACCO MARKETS.JMISS KATE ALEXANDER, OF "JACKTHE-PEEPER" ATrAKIS, WINS HIGH HONOR I WORK HERE AGAINA "Peeping To)n" or midnightThe Bourbon Tobacco Warehouseuo. jconsonuaieuj sold yesieraay a' Fans, Kv., may now claim the untotal of 215,035 pounds of tobacco for usual honor of being the home of the prowler, of unknown identity, has339,5(4.46, an average of $18.25. The champion wcwan insurance writer in heen making the lives of woinen re-.-arih wuiiiiiuubu uu u noor average uie uniteu states. -one who is well up siding in the vicinitv of Nineteenthof $1S.65. The market was strong, among the leaders of the 1,500 men and Twentieth streels'miserable in theprices ranging from $10 to $45. The agents who gathered at the big mecf. .past two weeks. ,list of averages will be published ip ing of the agents of the Central Lifo ' Several instances have been report-another issue. One basket in the crop Insurance Company, which was Jield in ed to the police where women alonemarketed by Mr. John M. Brennan Cincinnati, Friday. I at home at nlelit had been terrorize.! 'nrougiiL uie nign price v)i $40.The Independent House did not furjush. a report of their sale.(Continued on Page 2.)IIiSON OF GAME WARDEN BISHOPLOSES SIGHT OF EYEI Miss Kate Alexander, of Paris, won by the "peeper," whom they discovthat distinction when records were ered with his face close to the win' read at the meeting of the agents held dows of their sitting room peeping inin Cincinnati for the celebration of A few nights ago the miscreant visite 1jfiftietb anniversary of the Central Life the home of Mrs. Marshall, a widow,Insurance Company. Miss Alexander residing on Main street, near Ninoled all the women agents who qualified teenth and frierhtened the inmates byfor tihe free trip to Cincinnati and the approaching close to the front windowWhile playing with a number of his elaborate entertainment planned there and gazing fixedly at them. He madeicompanions at a party near Pans, bat- for their amusemen. In fact, she no attefcnpt to force an entrance to theiirday night, Frank Bishop, twelve had a total business record that en home, and left quietly. A night or twoyears of age, son of Deputy Game War titled her to two trips. In recognition after this the "peeper" appeared atden Bush Bishop, of this city, was 0f this a ceremony had been planned the Hazelrigg Iiome, in the same vi-shot in the right eye by the accidental in which President Jesse R. Clark, of ( cir.ity, and was iplainly seen by thedischarge of a rifle in the hands of the Central Union Life Co., one ot the occupants of the home, who afterwardone of the boys. "leading insurance men of tihe United gave the police a close description ofThe boys had armed themselves states, was to pin a badge of honor the man. At another residence nearv;ith various kinds of weapons, m all on Miss Alexander, while moving pict- Twentieth street the "peeper" wassupposed to be harmless, and a nuip- ure men and newspaper men were to put to rout by a shotgun in the handsber ot them had rifles, some of the have been present to "take down" the, of a determined woman, who fired twoFlobert kind, and others the common happenings. However, on Friday night i shots at him. but could not toilDlaything of the young boy, the BB air- at the time set for the ceremony, Mr. whether they took effect or not. At"xrun. One of the latter in the hands John L. Snuff, of Cincinnati, who another home where the "peeper" ap-o a young boy was discharged, ho leads all insurance agents in the peared the first tried the doors of thoolaiiiing that he did not know it ha-i United States, received word that Mis'; home, but finding them locked, wenv. load in it. The shot struck young Alexander could not attend the con- to a lighted window, where he stooJ.Bishop in the right eye, inflicting in-ivention and take part in the ceremc- looking in. A dog in the house gavejuries which necessitated his removal nies, because of a "press of business." ,xiie alanm and the "peeper" disapat once to tflie Massie Memorial Hos- "Perhaps," said Mr. Shuff, "Miss Alex-; peared, running rapidly in the direcnital. where Drs. Milton Stern, William nnder is landing a customer for a $1,- Hon of the Catiholic Cemetery.kenney and J. O. Gilkey performed an 000,000 policy." I The police believe from what they ;operation, removing the eye in order Mr. Clark sent the badge and a big have been told of the fellow s actions,1 save the sight of the left eye. 'slice of the anniversary cake to Miss that he is demented. At none of tinYoung Bishop is doing as well as Alexander, with his personal compli- houses he ihas visited has he attemptoould be expected under the circum ments and with the good wishes of the ed to effect an entrance or to threatenstances. No blame is attached to the several diundred agents who were at- any harm to the inmates. But he hasnov who had tihe rifle, as the shooting tending the big banquet, which was succeeded in badly frightening womenwas purely accidental. one of the features of the convention. j that vicinity and the police are anx. ' iious to find him.PARIS COMMERCIAL CLUBTO ELECT OFFICERS.!SAVE THE PER CENT.! Save 10 per cent, by buyingAll members of the Paris Commer- k , u januarv Dividendkd Club are hereby notified that an wnich la3ts untii Jan. 13.thisSale,LOCALSYNDICATE BUYSOLD PARIS FAIR GROUNDSlaftion of officers and board of direcnrs of the Paris Commercial Club willbe held at the regular meeting at thecount (house at 7:30 o'clock Tuesdayevening to-night. Other business orimportance to be considered is as loi-. ! .,:! Cnni'otnrVlows, uuesuon ui i"uSIMON'S DEPT. STORE.HEALTH AND WELFARE LEAGUE.SecretaryAt the recent meeting of the Bourbon County Health and WelfareLeague three new members, Mrs. Ohas.qnesUon of numbering Urn houses ; ,; :"cue KelT J an d Mrt Av v, ;4v nnosi nn of nromotmg a city '" -Uia- '-u1r.1wic vw i ..the future policy ofhr Stem, were enrolled.Mrs. Ai. i-i. uaney""-JiiS5S 'S'ant. Kdirectory;Olub.rjVUU HUtlUUVt ,;,wv,-. . Pnlll-t T-rr-1nnal dutv to attend this meeting anu )"" '"?'"" rniaaa ATrc 1Inrrvd in a 'fair discussion of these im- Srw elected to mi out "the uXffwrtant questions. oxoired term of Miss Mary Spears,Tihe outgoing oincerswuuui rfiBination had been tendered, j.;;ctr-.timi mm an inuiuuuuii ui! A syndicate composed of George WI Wilder. Edward II. Gorey and HenryS. Caywood, of Paris, recently became, the owners, through purchase frciri!the Deposit and Peoples' Bank otParis, of the Bourbon county fairgrounds, near Paris, the considerationbeing $10?.000. Several months agothe grounds were sold under an order5!?n trn t up the affairs of Uie Association, thoin chargeTUie outgoing OIB&ni;"" uielr resignation hadfell attendance a compliment to theiradministration anu " "1U"""" TJip committee havingbe healthy condition oi ui "J" the sale of Red Cross Christmas seals-s4ti noniGmber. t'.oQ at tne vajuh -- u,i f-, iun cniocPEALE COLLIER, Pres.Hjuae to-night.O. T. HINTON, Secretary.Tim nirrmsR embraces a tract Oitwenty-three acres, which will be subdivided by the new owners, and soldout in small tracts for suburban residential property.The last fair of the Bourbon CountAgricultural Society was lield twothese grounds, it wasfair m thosixty-fifth year.the occuDaucv ot Ul2ANNOUNCEMENT FORSTATE SENATOR.reported $125 realized from the sales J" oldesin Paris and Bourbon county. L i " in its simu ,. r att-c Wnrrint Mina.. State. Demi, in us ai-iiiu iuio w ... ..-- Previous to the occupancy ol tu-iker, Visiting xurse, was submitted ai.il J,if"ds Just sold the fairs had beenfiled. The report showed that durmg pounds just jso wthe month of December Mrs. Minakcr eiu -- f warehouse.-,had made 10G visits; there was one dt ion ot ine " ,hrniir.BOUR-'atli from tuberculosis itihthreo Qf successe,.mnrtaintr t.his SenatorialElected as State Senator, I take thismean of announcing that I will be aMnirinto fnr nomination at the pri-. .,.ii. :i, n tho hon. on tnemas tree, wiuuii tuumuuicu w "-" .of two hundred ana uity ennMrs. Minaker thanked the mem. ......ii.. r ii tViroo nnnntins uitt&wc, wim.11 w"-.-"- ..nnthpr lull.rr Senarial District, 5t Piness o two Uunar eu am. mr cm ; exillbjUons ueillg transferre,lto the late location.dren.hrr nf the Leacue. the city and coun-tv officials, the Sunday Schools, andall who contributed provisions, ciotn- pQpuLAR POLICE OFFICIALCANDIDATE FOR MAYUh.nT; in August. 1917, subject to the a u ------ " ,- dis.action of the Democratic party. frn;iltjon Christinas. !One of the principal question us-, n,in,,nn, of Cincinnati, a notedIn a recent issue of THE NEWS. Mr.lore the people ot tne auiu. ;"" snecialist was invited to visit Paris ATnrplnnd. one of the most pop-liJium - in ., i.irflul'iv nnni- '3 ""- . ,. rular members ot tne rans pumw iui.announced to the public in general hisintention of becoming a canuiuate iorMTnfi is the submission ol ". Pnhrnnrv in the birthday anm-snent to the ConstituUon prohibiting of hQ League aM deliver anthe sale or manufacture of intoxicating nn tubercui0sis.liquors. On this Question i usn iu decided that hereafter tho , Jce of Maw of the city of Paris,state that I am ljJ;V Jbmitted meetings of the League would be held ne JincmPTiflmcnt and desire it suomitiej Thiirsrtav in each month. ia.b . i... n,,v c.mnnrf unnn.ri, vntorc of the State at the earn- "" "l- ". ,-.r oTifi if elected Iiacr ciniHiiLuiiibji "" --willpeople, and asking their support upon... hmari and liberal .platform. Mr.Moreland Jiopes to see all the votersipuiLumy, ------.. , , , . e.iDCRINTPNIDPNT5t?ZS I OF SUNDAY SCHOOL, lif the city in person before the pripnsmueui. ul -"-'-- .. a afrirs! marv election in August.imc hp.r.n I at,- ATnrplnnd has been a residentI believe in conducting the affairs'r T Trll ivt- line hP.r.Tl ATr01 SrS-SaS "snpSnUndS? of the Sunday iof Paris for many years during whichZLTl1Jx of the Paris Presbyterian.n hnt Z nlace a fair and equal church, in this city, tor some unit- Knownioou.u -- "aa .,pvMil that Mll Place j a i property, s horored by the congregation of announcing his prospective candidacyvalue, or "sesent on an grope jas 1 D meotIng held Sunday is one of the best expositions of hiaand let the burden of on res Jj chureat a m t ,ntention8. That he would make an.like on all classe propert , a unanimous vote. excellent official goes without sayingreceive my heai support. s Mr Bell is one of the most devoted It was only after mature reflection andproposed leslfaVonSHtuents I wm Jl'bel o tlie church, one who hae consideration of the situation fromUie interests o m -onstitoents i had the interest and every standpoint and after consultingf a1 win d'o my utmosf to perform Ifare o ?he organization at hearr, with a number of Ws most intinmU;elected will do my ULI"uni-."r .4r. "' . , pnrnsiv r,.;n.nAC nri advisers that Mr. Moie-Liicii i.. ,anu ima ""'"" .v.-o " - - ..--. ,!, - HpIi-pertain to uie ianu maue up m& umm "-""WE3 TSLlSTOSXr HOT75TBegWinter Has JustAND YOU MUST NOT NEGLECT HAVINGGood, Warm Clothesun0UR Suits and Overcoats cannot be ezcelled anywhere when it comes to style and quality. Overcoats made with convertible storm collars, cut extralong, just the thing for these cold, raw winter days, madein rough, nappy, warm cloth and genuine Chinchilas andMontenacsS12.50 to $40The shorter Coats for the young fellow made in thePinch Back effects and and Belted Backs.Men and Young Men's Winter Suits in many desirable pattern and styles.MITCHELL&BLAKEMOFEExclusive Agency For the IMettleton Pine Shoe, WitchShoes and the Famous Dr. Reed Cushion Sole Shoe.ElkMtMMMiMteotMQaQtotsttiotttsteaiMmttttiimnnnMtMnmmtCGCC?2S)3Ce9atid-InterWALSH'S'arance SaleHOW GOING NMen's Suits and Overcoats.i. .;- tn ipst. seivcuul,w nil matters thate9ls- nront T earnestly r.i,rrh nncl the Sunday schoolv ifJS r vote and influence. jan organizer with a great deal of exelicit your cutiv ability, and a gentleman whomGEORGE HON. 'it is a delight to know personally, in-i. nncHinn tn which, he has beenHe in nite announcement of his candidacy.BOYS' NARROW ESCAPE.a collision between an auto truckpersonality !aiitl a buggy, in which, the two son3.sfAi o iwcDPf.r i,i iirt ivin hrinir a 1w,Np.HE?JE "ri? HOSPITAL rial will be instrumental in largely of Mr. and Mrs. Wm. Wprimll. of nearMAOOIt itiuiiiw" - . ,Uol-.iMr.newlyWinchester,m .i . -rii i ntrnriiiwiii- v. ..- i i - rT i i(j - .AM tiiinrr ht i ; v m i.iiiiuvi:,.Ancnr rnp. inKUiUKiaiiiw wl vw inris. were nuius .-w Scobee President of the school and always be an instrument , came near resulting in serious injuriescompleted o,uuu y- - ,ior uuu M - rx rnv were on their way ho.m.Mr. i-ee wdiuv.TM xv. ---- -mor, . Mnin aniwhon TiPRr liiu wi "- "andw.w.- . . ,t,.i!. ttrta in '-i?nin i h;ir 4ii incriniLiuu. wo . . . ..r-r i-MiMri mr. , " .. . , in-.nsecretary ui l i-ua Msi. MARR AGt l utwato umuun,w. c;vth streets, their norse ucwuParis yesterday iPJhown ' friehtened at an auto and collided withwrrminrinl Hospital. They were shown, ,llinf1rp(i nml fifteen mar- ,f.rlsnte I1' Bci"t ,i-ii Wn rominc inSough the local intuUon dJriSceVwe taaued from the - -jj ; - ,he-. ;neicr1U intn the Working ana mail nafa oicvlr Ppnrnp PatOll lu uliUO x, . onofnininfr se-(cfiv rnnsidered ne ol uie ""v"j". . ,, ". rt .viito nponle. This is a" size in the State. The ' Winewe. .go-f ' year before. Surelyvisitors expressed themselves aS being mmng did dffreaUv pleased with their trip anu aJ -. f leap year, and now theyTIiT-a' t nnnreciation of the cour-, vantage ol i i c?nHp hiess-leiteu i.iw -t;---- . nnsDbi WiU De lorceu w "-" """ .ATM.V TI1PII1 IIV UV -. ATjin insight into the worKing auu lh- - Clerk pearce Patou - - sustaining seagement of the nospiut . - , ri the year o 1916, the larger por- - bruises about the head 'and face"- v"w " " . .. t-: ii-Viito npnnp. "inis is ii . ,, t i,o.f liic cont una wasThe omer uu ivcyv. "-- -i,rf Thft buKKV was badly damaged The boys were taken into apnrhv store, where they were givenmedical attention anu tneu uitheir home.11 :1.4. .'nn tinnnonotesies suuvvu v... ;, M.ss e(nesSt unless me rign mou v"Board ana ui "h---- - ,'fanfs. tn COTi- i - -k Tl H IIIIIMI I E LJ k m. a i-.lTliey took notes ul ""w ".: -neas There were probaoiy more giru,i . 4..r,4- fVio mtrl'if tlTTIOassistants, to come aiong uu ua "; --"":Boehm, and her sto ff of "8 wiling to trot in double harv fnnk notes of a number ot sub auu nrobablv more girl?Z"Vi in oniiinment ana mauabo- co,. .. ocyn . tMa Iintv inSeXwhlch ftef -ill indude in thr S " " "war" an-1roport- . w,,erott ar3 the prospects ot more "war" kept,. rrysu;SdSSTsti Senior Mn theAUTO SALES., m t -vxroatViprs. nf the Hutehi-Bourbm-Clark.Montgomery w.a LQ precinct, has prirchased a FordThey m&de the trip from Wincher. wn prec i, commercial Autolc? rfr.: :o rteumlnjc late machine from uwtoC. W. B. M. MEETING." Mrs J. D. Booth, president, presided at 'the January fleeting of tflie C.W B M. of the Christian cliurch, heldin the church parlors, Friday afternoon Therp was a fair attendance atthe meeting, and much business of importance was transacted. Mrs. ThomasHenry Clay, Jr., had charge of theliterary program. Mrs. Frank P. Lowryread an excellent paper on SouthAinerica. - -v -$35.00 Suits and Overcoatscut to$30.00 Suits and Overcoatscut toS27.50 SuiN and Overcoatscut to$25.00 Suits and Overcoatscut to$22.50 Suits and Overcoatscut to -$20.00 Suits and Overcoatsout to$30.0025.0022.5020.0017.50. 16.50S18.00 Suits and Overcoatscut to $ 1 4.50$15.00 Suits and Overcoatscut to$12.50 Suits and Overcoatscut to$10.00 Suits and Overcoatscut to$8.50 Suits and Overcoatscut to1 1.509.507.986.98Boys' Suits and Overcoats$12.50 Suits and Overcoatscut to$10.00 Suits and Overcoatscut to$8.50 Suits and Overcoatscut to$7.50 Suits and Overcoatscut to$6.50 Suits and Overcoatscut to$9.457.956.95. 5.95. 4.95$5.00 Suits and Overcoatscut toJ$3.95$4.00 Suits and Overcoatscut to$3.50 Suits and Overcoatscut to$3.00 Suits and Overcoatsout to2.952.752,25Everything CashNo ApprovalsMen's Hats5. 00 Hats cut to.4.50 Hats cut to.4.00 Hats cut to3.50 Hats cut to$3.953.753.252.98$1.00 Hats cut to$3.00 Hats cut to $2.252.50 Hats cut to 1 .952.00 Hats cut to 1 .501.50 Hats cut to 1.1589 centsMain and SeventhR. P. WALSHThe One Price Store Paris, KeitickyitlmmMr.wawB - . f Lexington.yesterday afternoon. 'Co os i6J-THEBOURBbN NEWS PARIS, KY.FAGE WOTUESDAY, JANUARY 9, 117.fThe Bourbon NewsEstablished 188135 Years oftinuous Publication.Con-Published Every Tuesday and Friday.One Year $2.00 Six Months. .$1.00Payable in Advance.SWIFT CHAMP, Editor and Owner.TOBACCO MARKETS.FIT THE COW TO THE FARM.(Entered at the Paris, Kentucky,Postoflice as Mail Matter of theSecond Class.)Continued from Page 1.)AT THE INDEPENDENT FRIDAY,JAN. 5.The Independent Tobacco Warehouse Company sold Friday a totalof 30,580 .pounds of tobacco for$5,537.91, an average of $18.10 per hundred pounds. The quality of the ottcrings was fair and the anarket continued strong. The following crop averages were reported:Wilson & Keene sold 1.7..D pounusANNOUNCEMENT.FOR STATE SENATOR.We are authorized to announce LEEWA1NSCOTT, of Winchester, as acandidate for the nomination for theoffice of State Senator in the Twentyeighth Kentucky Senatorial District,composed of Clark, Bourbon and Montgomery counties, in the primary election to" be held on August 4, 1917. Heasks your support in his race upon abroad and liberal platform.DON'T SCOLD, MOTHER! ITHE CROSS CHILD IS !BILIOUS, FEVERISH. I 'j Eefore any farmer decides on tiieLook At Tongue! If Coated, Clean 'breed of cattle he will keep he shouldLittle Stomach, Liver, Bowels. (decide on what he wishes to keep themfor. The farmer living: several milonirom a mantel ana witn a large farmDon'tchild.scold your fretful, pcevispa sure sign its ntue stomacn, nvcrand bowels are clogged with sourwaste.When listless, pale, feverish, full of, , now.- , ..v,w..w - , ' (.urn, uivum uuu, wiiuui ow- i, uuau bfnr S210.0R. an averaee Of S17.87 peripnf slppn nr not nntnrallv. has stnni-hundred pounds. jach-acihe, indigestion, diarrhoea, gieWiieat & nutcncraixnounds for $503.33, an$18.18 per hundred poundsWill usually find heef ratMp mnrp inSe if tongue is coated; this is! his needs than dairy cattle. The manwno wisnes 10 Keep oniy two or threecows to suddIv milk and butter fnr hi?family, and who expects to get his tcasn returns irom tne sale ot calves,will generally find one of the dual-purposebreeds the best for him. Theman whose business is dairying cansold 2,665 o f nnsnnnnful of "California Svrun n' . not afford to think of beef returns ex-average ot j Figs," and in a few hours all the foul i cept as one of the little incidents ofwaste, tne sour bile ana termentmt; ins uusmess.U.-LV wx-. ..-- IIUJI, Vn -jwui s.-v-1l71.nlnl. f- Cmarf cnlll A 91 R nnll tl t S. . r ... C Un 1, ...! ., .1 ....v iiaicj ti ouiu.1 u ou- i,-. j,w w LUUU Mbcs ouu ul une uuweis aim juu1 .--. ZQ'tK TO oil vorairo nf SI XV, TP.r ' 1 . -..,.11 ..,.. 1..-,F..1 V1. ...- -UcUIV U. UUirVIIUUl 11US rUlIieUIUS UUSiui 9oti.i-, iv .,w-3v. v. -y-w.w- i- uu e a. wen aim ijiu.jlui uium again. . - - ..,. Ihundred pounds. i Children love this harmless "fruit lax- ess by the use of a beef bull, hoping;.. irt o .... 1-. r- crar .olirnc. rnnf iimiilH c-r-il Fr.- -r..rxr ILair & Osborne soui .,yoo pounus ,ative," and mothers can rest easy at- w ltfl " , rl..uu,u , "'r1"for $700.45, an average of S17.SU periter giving it. because it never fails to without reducing his supply of milk,hundrel pounds. 'make their little "insides" clean and ere are numerous neighborhoods inClark & Whalev sold 3,970 pounds sweet which uie caives ruuier tuian tne mii-c.for $762.38, an average of ?18.20 per 1ee'p it llandyt mother! A little should be the main return from the'hundred pounds. ! given to-day saves a sick child to-mor- cows. but in which Jersey bulls arcMark & Stewart sold G.605 pounds row? but get the genuine. Ask your making the calf crop poorer everyfor 1,167.30, an average of 517.43 per ! druggist for a 50-cent. bottle of "Cali- year- Numbers of farmers are trying,hundred pounds. ' fornia Svrup of Pigs," which has direc to Set both, nillk an(l l)eef " crossingH. C. Smith sold 2,775 pounds for Hons foL babies, children of all aces cattle of tho beef P0 Wlt-1 rattle ri5.502.49, an average of ?18.10 per hun- aml for grown-ups plainly printed ci tI,e dairy breeds.tne oottie uememuer uie u ui uu- A1J these thi means loss tQ the ,Uerfeits sold here, s-j surely look an J farmer The dairyman who breeds hia1.'see Uiat yours is made by the Call- r.rt,c f anvtMnrr un n .1POrl i.,.:i i-Tobacco Warehouse fornia Fie Syrup Company." Hand r .P "M,n ,1o?-.-r i--.,1t- oi. .,contempt any otner n(adv)I OPERA HOUSEI Monday and Tuesday, Jan. 8 and 9The Bis Musical ComedyA DAY ATCONEY ISLAND1 OO-Local People in the Cast 1 OOJEAN JORDAN, DirectorLots of Fun, Songs and Music.FOR JAILER.We are authorized to announceGEORGE W. JUDY, of Paris, as a can- dred poundsdidate for the Democratic nominationfor tiie office of Jailer of Bourbon BOURBON FRIDAY, JAN. 5countv. subiect to the action of the' The BourbonDemocratic party at the primary elec- Company (consolidated) sold Friday, back withlion on August 4, 191. 1 106,740 pounds, for $18,680.11, an aver-, syrupWe are authorized to announce J. Jage t)f $17.50. The quality of the offer-W. Hart, of Bourbon county, as a can-:i,lgs was p0or; prices unchanged. jDONT MISS THE SEASON'S EVENT!General Admission 50c. Reserved Seats 75cA per cent of net profits to the BOURBON COUNTYHEALTH AND WELFARE LEAGUE.didate for Jailer, subject to the actionot the Democratic party, at the Stateprimary, August, 1917.Wp are authorized to announceSctme of the averages are as followsShannon & Clay sold 2,580 poundfor $467.80, average $18.13.Clay & Johnson sold 5,92o pounds'of one -of the dairy breeds needs a ' can. In many cases the best tilingterm at school. The man who takes would probably be to change his plana dairy bull into a beef cattle neigh-1 0f farming a little and go in forborhood should have rocks and eggs either milk or beef. Southern Agriculand tilings thrown at him. The prob- turist.lem of the all-around tarm cow is still Ien r nil hi mr, wru jay stAhow n nnrn nnn rn sn vr. inn nnsr. snni-tion, theoretically, is the keeping of!The Kentucky Tuberculosis Commis- real dual-purpose cattle, such as tho1,500,000' RED CROSS STAMPSUncle's Wise Observation.til . . . l1 TT-.1 T7t-, ll-t..v. 77- -o f oo I V-'1"-' " """"-"" "1'"--' - Tiie KentUCKy luuercuiusis V-Uiiiiiub- rui uuu.i-puri.uu cuuie, 5ui:u uj. lh; ij. true ineuu, saiu uuue jcjucu, idJOHN H. DOT , of Fans precinct, as, iqr $1,113.45, average $lb.78- . !si0n estimates that 1,500,000 Red Cross Red Polls or a milking strain of hort- liable not to be near as keerful ofa ci-uucii.iui iuCiiu,rauX--- unmes & euuer sumo,.uo i'uuuasia,nns were sold in Kentucky this horns. Often, though it is not prac-ivnh fHn's nc .in mnn dnt nnods von-r.4-- Tatinr nr Kniirnnn 1 nnniv. .. moo n ,.-,-.-..,.,. ciq m i . . -. , ..... . .,.... - .- irf -..--. w .- -- .. .. -.-. - fVi T.virt ! . m -. - -ijUDjeCL U tiie tLCtiuu ui mo a.-ivj-tratic primarj' in August, 1917.We are authorized to announceWALKER KISER.of the Kiserton precinct, as a candidate for the Demo-'Redmon & McFunnanminds for S488.50. average SICay wood, Prichard & Co. sold 3,11 jpounds for $537.02, average 17.81.Wiedemann & Fox sold 1,8'Jo pounu-;ion-iii.j "- - " ....w j -- . , 0 , jun iceuu s ua u7 , year. This is an increase of twenty tical to get cows of this kind, and then ln his business."r-r'' ner cent, over the sale of last year. the farmer must do just the best netSl..rn. I1 1RIMER 8 LAPSLEYSHELBYVILLE, KY.REAL ESTATE OF ALL KINDS.SHELBY COUNTY'S BEST FARMSA SPECIALTY.(oct31-tf)cmct, as a canuiuaLe iui mc ---- Wiedemann & fox soiu j.cratic nomination for the office of fnr cqki n. averacc S18.53Jailer of Bourbon county, subject to RGtl Woodford & Son sold 2,31-1the action of the Democratic party at'poun(ls for $444.12, average $19.22Via nrimarv election in Aucust. 1917.1 uif r, ni-ivomf. nlr1 4.0R5 noiWe are authorized to announceTHOS. TAUL as a candidate for Jailerof Bourbon county, subject to the action of the Democratic primary.We are authorised to announce C.T. MASTERSOX as a candidate forJailer of Bourbon County, subject toHolt & Craycraft sold 4,065 pounds)for $792.09. average $19.48.Pence & Wells sold 2,900 pounds for&"! ?..! jiveraee S17.71.Barnett Bros, sold 610 pounds fortS191.S?.. average S19.92.Brent, Burke & Snapp No. 1, solda Af noiinclR fnr S832.03. averagethe action of the Democratic btate 1S 53primary, August. 1917. I Brent, Burke & Snapp No. 2. soldWe are authorized to announce W. 3 2g5 pounds for $881.73, averageO. BUTLER, of Paris, as a candidate j ."7.49.for the Democratic nomination for the Bryan & Bradley sold 2.935 poundsoffice of Jailer of Bourbon county, sub- nr S599.48. average $17.81.,ect to the action of the Democratic I soper & Wasson sold 3.380 poundostate primary, in -iugua., 1311. , for uay.tii., average ij.:.We are authorized to announce , rs c. L. Long & Ethel Tucker soldJOHN W. KING as a candidate for the j 2.770 -pounds for $532.25, averagenomination of Jailer of Bourbon coun- $19.21.ix, subject to the action of the Demo- Fisher & Rankins sold 3.390 poundsr-nn nn-mnrv. on Sat.iirdav. Aucust , for $o'.)b.rf, average ii.n:i-.Uk- .-. , -, v w4, 1917.rrr ,TAA"Tfcn"We are authorized to announce Mr V'Highland & Gaines sold 4.445 poundr,for $828.50, average $1S.64. )Myers & Ball sold 2,230 pounds foraverage S18.S1.Wilson sold 3,130 pounds forJames u. Aioreianu, 01 rans, a x averace $17.90.candidate for the office of Mayor of i0"0-4"' 0? li'V 9 Kns nnmuin fore city of Paris subject to the action - $18frf tiie voters of the city at the pn-.- & g ,d 3 490 ounds forvnary election to be held on August 4- U74 ?s avera-e S16 461517. Your support is respectfully '4-oS' a'erae lb-4b-solicited. ' Un. nmcnovitv hn5 st.niftk the Ken-ZZZZ! tucky farmer is shown by reports m jthe office of Ccioimissioner of AgrI-(ADA MEADE, KENTUCKY'S (culture Mat S. Cohen of hurley tobac-'MOST GIFTED DAUGHTER. co sales for the month of December'IS 15 and 1916. With several thouscs ("Kentucky Night" will be observed atjas yet unreported for the last months itJje Lyric Theatre. Cincinnati, on Tues- of 1916, its sales more than double Iav, January 9. when a large party o7. those of 1915 and the price realized isfriends of Miss Ada Meade, leading , m0re than three tunes as great. I3adv of the sparkling musical corned;.,! in December. 1915, there were sol'l 1Katinka." 'will jouiney from Lexing- .15.187,166 pounds of hurley for $1,40,1n to witness the performance and j 857.22. In December, 1916, thcieo honor to their charming felloe :vere sold 33,275,76 pounds for $5,400.iownswoman. j 291.27, an increase of 18,088,611 pound-Miss Meade is a member of the fa- and of $3,992,434.02 in price.aious Meade family, for generationsof the aristocracy of the Blue Grass, riay Gaitskill, of Bourbon county,section, and her success 011 the state , sold a crop of 5,045 pounds of tobaccois a source of much gratification to he'at the Scobee Warehouse in Winchesfriends and a distinct triumph for Kea- j ter. lasC week, for an average uftacky talent. $19.07 per hundred pounds."Katinka" the play in which Misi-mrpsrfV is innearin- this season, is ' At the Lexington Warehouse, FriMeade. XL5.?."? i?i8 u 'fi, 'dnv. fv R. and F. R. White, of BourbonHammerstein musical plays ever given county, sold a crop of 5,180 pounds forjto tiie theatre-loving people, in pre-.an utiaSt; ui ...scnting this beautiful HauserbaclN -Friml comedy, Arthur Hammerstein, j KENTUCKY SOCIETY T0-ell known producer, has taken pains GIVE DINNIER THUKbUAYv make it one of the most exceuenr j'Southern- ""Z 'Gentkman! . CT-LSMK&$SW0$- woT n OVEM BER "wot f :- Si.JjL f' '-MPSfe' I IfflL Ji JSA "Sl'' SUNj MOM I TUyED THU FRI SAT . ''- C 1 ffl tytJtfr$-'h'J -13tliXv Jw'- :'--' J24'25'26' &r 282950j -glr JP?? FT- .'rtffM-ine-K ever sent on the road.superb cast, a finely balanced pleas-ing-to-look-onchorus and enlarged orchestra of superb symphonic soloistsjjnd stage settings and environmentsteeming with Oriental splendor are thefour big assets claimed by Mr. Hammerstein for his production."Katinka" is generally recognizedas the greatest musical triujiiph ofRudolph Friml since that young wif?rd of melodies in conjunction withCtto Hauerbach, set the pulse oftheatre-goers tinkling with their dazzling "Firefly" and the ever-sparklingand splendidly bewitching "Hig'iJinks."T. Roy Barnes heads the cast withAudrey Maple as prima-donna, andAda Meade, chief associate fun purveyor; others in the company are David Reese; A. Robin; Renee Noel;Walter Manthay and a Russian danseuse, May Jenesse. besides a choruiof fiftv voices of the first distinction.(adv)BANK OFFICERS ELECTED.At a meeting of the stockholders oftae North Middletown Deposit Bank,"meld yesterday afternoon, the followiag officers were elected for 1917:President W. M. Rogers; Cashier3 B. Bean; Assistant Cashier F. W.Sledd. The Board of Directors is comofied of H. S. Caywood, T. J. Judy,-Win. Collins. W. M. Rogers, S. R. Burris, A. G. Jones, H. A. Rogers and .1.TV; Jones.BOURBON POULTRY FANCIERSELECTED FOR OFFICE.The annual banquet and receptiohof the Kentucky Society of New Yorkwill be given Thursday evening, Januray 11, at the riaza Hotel. The guestof honor will be Champ Clark, Speakerof the House of Representatives, whois a native of Anderson county, Kentucky. Plans are being made to accommodate close to 300 -members andtheir guests at the annual societyfunction, and from present prospeccsthe number of those who will be ipattendance will fully approximate thirfestimate. The Kentucky dinner is always one -of the most widely patronized affairs of any of the State functions each season in Gotham. Th?committee having the arrangementsfor this year's dinner in hand expectsall nrevious records to be surpasseuin view of the fact that an unusually Iarge number of Kentuckians are no."visiting in the metropolis, and thesewill be invited as special guests. Besides Speaker Clark, Irvin Cobb andother prominent ex-Kentuckians willmake short speeches, and a good poition of the evening will begiven overto dancing in the main ballroom at thPlaza.It was midnight, cold and dark. The calendar told the date Monday, November4th, 1901. They tell me I opened my eyesand blinked in the glare of the big electriclights. t Around me were men in spotlesswhite talking in low tones."Jim," one said, "we have been watchingfor this little fellow for a long while andnow he's here." -Jim picked me up, looked me over, strucka match and took a long, deep puff. Thenhe took another."Gentlemen," he said, "He is perfect. Quality does tell. You can't fail to recognizegood blood. His mother was a Virginian,his father an aristocrat of the Carolinas.He comes from the very best stock thevery sweetest, ripest, mellowest Virginiaand Carolina tobacco, and we will raise himright in one of the whitest, cleanest, healthiest homes on earth."Even then I was glad all over to hear hiswords. It is a great thing to have realbreeding behind you, to know who yourfolks are. It starts a fellow right.ASLEEP FOR 27 MONTHS."Mrs. Walter Kenney, of near Pans,ne of the best-known fanciers m theState and one who has been remarKably successful in exhibitions and inprize contests at poultry shows, hasselected as treasurer of the Ken-n . .. 1 1 1 A ecr-niatlrm?.& jEt ir. US14 re,iBiPOSBib.e;.,tov adulter . HQuidThe curious case of a French singer,aged 31 years, who has been in a stateof lethargy for 27 months, has beendescribed to the Medical and SurgicalSocietv by Professor Verger. The patient was among the troo,ps mobilised for the battle of Marne. He disappeared, but was found shortly afterward in Brittainy, since which timehe has been sleeping, eyelids closed,respiration regular, but pulse rapid.He is sensative to excitement, saysthe description of the case given byProfessor Verger, such stimulationprovoking a weak defense without.however, interrupting his sleep, amiWe Folks of the South KNOW good blood.We Folks of the South KNOW good tobacco.That is why I just had to have heaps of friends down South here. I wantTV T T"" 1r . .i. -Mr. Reader, for one of my friends, and it means a whole lot when II am guaranteed byIf vou don't likeyou,say1P . 1 . . Cs C?ruu srwjUrLect (SoOrzje&rmeBuy me.return me to vour dmlr anrl oryour money back. I have said it. A Southern gentleman is knownthe world over for keeping his word, and I have given you mine.sovereign Cigarettes--?1FOR THE GENTLEMAN OP THE SOUTHms; 0 rri? -? 99Jf wn&m U4AS'aMEfci fc-. J. . --Tt- lvfeirtly.TUESDAY, JANUARYS, 1917.THE BOURBON NEWS, PARI! KY.PAGE THRU(rhiVajfirSEVEN YEARS OFSUFFERING ENDSTanlac Helps Man In Fight. Against Health Worries,SOCIAL AND PERSONAL.Comings and Goings of OurPeople Here, There andElsewhere.After suffering seven years -with hisstomach, Clarence Flanagan, Clark andCentral avenue, Cincinnati, has at lastfound the relief he was looking for.He found it in Tanlac.With a -Tanlac Smile'' he told hisstory to the Tanlac Man"For seven years I suffered with mystomach. My trouble b-gan with acoated i outrun, nggtzzll hKited fuelingartcr eating andnow and then alittle touch ofheartburn."As time wenton I felt worse.My appetite leftme and thencame headaches.I could not doas much woik asI used to without getting tired.1 was losing mystrength."I took a simple medicine. Igot a little relief, but soon I was worsethan ever. Then I got scared."Often after meals I would doublexip with cramps. Cold sweats brokeout."For days I fasted in hope of gettingbetter. My bowels clogged up andneeded constant dointr."My whole sj'Mem was run down. Iwas cross, nervous and blue. My complexion became pa.ty."Then I started to take Tanlac. Nowlook," and Mr. Flanagan again calledattention to his healthy, ruddy complexion. "I have gained in weight, too." hecontinued. 'This ought to tell youwhat I think of Tanlac and how sincerely and truthfully I recomiLend itto the people of Cincinnati."My health worries are all irone andI now feel better than I have felt foryears."C. FLANAGAN.Tanlac, the master medicine andreconstructive tonic, is sold exclusively in PARIS by Varden & Son.Other exclusive agents in nearbytowns are as follows:HUTCHISON Snell & Wood; MILBRSBURG, W. G. Wadell; ELIZxVBBTH, Oscar Smith; CARLISLE,Tureman & Son; GEORGETOWN, C.H. Arnold; WINCHESTER, Duty DrugCompany; ATJSTERLITZ, B. S. Parrish. (adv)Capt. F. E. Nelson left Friday fora visit to relatives and friends in Virginia. Miss Elise Kidd, guest of Mr. andMrs. Swift Champe, has returned ther home in Frankfort.Miss Annie Louise White has returned to her school duties at Hamilton College, in Lexington.Miss Marianne Deveraux, of Lexington, is a guest of Mrs. Thos. rRoche, on Pleasant street.Mrs. Alfred Batterton, of Shawhan, has as guest Mrs. Edward IIBrochers, of Indianapolis, Ind.Mrs. W. A. Haip has returned toParis and resumed her duties as clirector of the Paris Home School.J Mrs. Marshall Myers has returnedito her home in Lexington after dvisit to relatives in Bourbon county.j Miss Ruth Pinnell has returnedto her home in Winchester after avisit to Miss Agnes Turner, in this'city.Misses Calvert have as guests attheir home near Paris, Misses Arm Iland Margaret Cornish, of Harrodi.burg. J Miss Lelia Keller has returnedfrotn an extended visit to Misses Bessie Lee Ewalt and Kittie Ewalt, atShawhan.1 Mrs. W. B. Thomas has returnedto her home in Lexington, after a visittc her mother, Mrs. William M. Kenney, near Paris.j Mrs. Ellen Soper, formerly of thisI county, is very ill at the home of tiersister, Mrs. Robbins, at Grassy Lick,m Montgomery county,j Mrs. J. W. Bacon lias returnedi from Newport, where she has been aguest for several days of her parents,Mr. and Mrs. Henry Behitnian.j Miss Katherine Conroy, guest, during the holidays of Miss MaryDean, on Walker Avenue, has returned to her (home in ML Sterling,j Miss Nannie Brent O'Neill, of thiscity, has entered as a student at thy,J. C. Lary School of Stenography, ir.Winchester, for the Spring term.Mrs. Mary E. Lydick has returnedto her home in Cynthiana after avisit to her daughter, Mrs. J. O. Marshall, and Mr. Marshall, on Second' street.j Mr. B. F. Lancaster, guest for'several days of Mr. Lawrence Vau:hook, and other friends in this vicinity. has returned to his home in Cov: ington.j Miss Ruby Redwitz, Mrs. Orineand Prof. L. H. Barnes, who have'been spending the holidays at theirihdmes in Harrodsburg and Monticeliurespectively, have returned to North'Middletowii to resume their school duties as teachers in the College.Mrs. Mary Ryan and children havereturned to their home in Georgetown, after a visit to Miss WinifredJHanley, on High street. Mr. and Mrs.Jno. Shannon and son, Paul, who havealso been guests of Miss Hanley, havereturned to their home in Covington1 The Clark County Courier says."Mr. and Mrs. Jesse W. Sftiith andbabies, of Paris, are spending a fe"days with friends and relatives in Winchester, and before returning home willI spend a few days in the county. Mrs.Smith was formerlv Miss ElizabethOsborne, of this place, one of Winchester's most popular young ladies."Rev. Dr. F. J. Cheek, of Danville,was a business visitor in Paris, Saturday. Mrs. George Wilder has returnedfrom a visit to her mother, Mrs. MaryLong, in Frankfort.Mrs. Laura Estill Frances has returned from a business trip to Chicago and other points in Illinois.Mr. David Baer has arrived fromLouisville to visit his sister, Mrs. LeePrice, and Mr. Price, for several daysMaster John Woodford, who hasbeen visiting his grandfather, Mr. J.M. VanMeter, near Danville, lias returned to his home near Paris.Mr. and Mrs. Brooks Morgan, whohave been guests for several days ofMisses Mayme and Bessie Holladay,have returned to their home in Atlanta, Ga.Misses Cordie Stephenson andMary Allie Parrish, who have been.guests of relatives and friends dayshave returned to their homes near Clintonville. Mrs. Raymond Frazzel and daughter, Miss Mary, have returned loFaris, after a visit to Mrs. Frazzel's'mother, Mrs. Jack Lyons, near Switzer,Franklin county.ij Miss Matilda James and Mr. Edward Spears, of Paris, attended thedance given by Miss Mary Hall Stewart, at the home of her parents, Dr.and Mrs. J. P. Stewart, near Frankfort, last week.Mr. Charlton Clay, of "Marchmont," was one -of the guests recentlyat an informal party given at thehome of Mr. and Mrs. Henry Boswortdi, near Lexington, in honor ofMiss Elizabeth French, of New Yorkt' Those from Paris who attendedthe dance given by the Junior DancingClub at Sower Hall, in Frankfort, lasthveek were Misses Mary Kenney Webber, Matilda Jrmes, Carolyn Erdman,Mr. and Mrs. Chas. A. Webber, Messrs.Douglas Clay, John Stuart and Ed war 1"Spears.j (Other Personals on Page 5.)APPEAL TO REASON1$ Ask any of the great army of Postum users what influenced them totry this beverage, and the reply nine times out of ten will be that theywere convinced the caffeine and tannin in coffee and tea were harmful tohealth.1$ Some imagine it is hard to giue up coffee and tea. But it isn't, withthe delightful aroma and flavor of Postum at hand. This flavor somewhatresembles that of a high grade Java coffek, but there is no coffee in Postumonly the nourishing goodness of wheat, skilfully processed with a smallper cent of wholesome molasses.1 Postum comes in two forms; Postum Cereal, which has to beboiled; Instant Postum soluble made in the cup, instantly. Some preferone, some the other. Made right, they are alike delicious, and the cost percup is about the same. There's better health, comfort and efficiency inPOSTUMaThere's a Reason"PAINFUL COUGHS RELIEVED.J Dr. King's New Discovery is a soothing, healing remedy for coughs andcolds that has stood the test of nearly(fifty years. For that cough that strainsthe thrott und saps the vitality, tryDr. King's New Discovery. The soothing pine balsams and mild laxative in-'gredienta soon drive the cold from thesystem. Have a bottle on hand forwinter colda, croup, grippe and bronchial affections. At your Druggist, 50c.(adv-jan)ipMTRADE MARrtCONGRESSMAN BAILEY CHARGESPLOT IN PAPER TRADE!STOP BACKACHE! RUBLUMBAGO RIGHT OUTREAL ESTATE DEALS.' HAIR TONIC(is sold by us on a guarantee to be r.reliable preparation for keeping thescalp and hair in a healthy condition,Let us explain its merits to you. Soldonly by us, 50c and S1.00.OBERDORFER,The Druggist, Paris, Ky."If the special interests of this;country were engaged in a campaignof destruction, formed for the purposeof doing the largest possible amountof damage to the independent press,the cheapest way to go about it wouldbe to obtain control of the paper millsand starve the independents to thepoint where they would either haveto make terms or die." That is thestatement made in Washington by Representative Bailey, of Pennsylvania,who is urging a Congressional investigation to determine whether a conspiracy exists between paper manufacturers and dealers, as he declares hebelieves.Representative David H. Kincheloe,I in a statement to the correspondentsat Washington, declared that in hisj opinion, there is no print paper shortage, but tihat there is a combinationof paper manufacturers to put up theprice of .print paper.J II. S. Dixon, owner and editor of theHope Daily News-Journal, publishedat Columbus, Ind., announced that, beI cause of the high cost of print paper,Ilie yould suspend his daily after this' week.Here's Instant Relief! No Pain, Soreness, Stiffness After RubbingWith "St. Jacob's Oil."Ah! Pain is gone!Quickly? Yes! Almost instant relief from soreness, stiffness, lamenessand pain follows a gentle rubbing with"St. Jacob's Oil."Apply this soothing, penetrating oildirectly upon the ache, and like magic,relief ccVnes. "St. Jacob's Oil" conquers pain. It is a harmless backache,lumbago and sciatica relief, whichnever disappoints, can not injure anddoesn't burn or discolor the skin.Straighten up! Stop those torturous "titclies." In a moment you willforget that you ever had a back, because it won't hurt or be stiff or lame.lon't suffer! Get a small trial bottleof "St, Jacob's Oil' from your druggist now and get this lasting relief."(adv)A Bourbon tobacco broker has purchased of Mr. Charles Higgins, ofnear Paris, a crop of 10,000 pounds oftobacco for which he paid $23 perhundred pounds. The tobacco willbe received by tihe (purchaser in Mr.Higgins' barn, and he will also bearthe expense of having it hauled to thelocal market.I Huffstetter Bros, have purchased ofMrs. L.ucy Smith her farm located oa, the banks of Hinkston Creek- in the(Jacksonville vicinity, for a privateprice. They will take possession of.the farm on March 1. tj The heirs of the late Mr. J. E.t Henry have rented their iarm of 23'acres, located in Montgomery county,i to Mr. Roger Crouch, of this county,for $2,350.I Mr. Dejarnett, of Paris, has purchased of Mr. Claude McGinnis, of thecounty, a small tract of land on theBethlehem pike, near Paris, for $1,700.Mr. Dejarnett having recently sold hishome on Brent street, will Jnove to hisnew purchase, which he will improveconsiderably.Messrs. Meet & Claus, of Lexington, have rented of Mr. John Webb,Jr., formerly of Paris his farm nearLexington, on which they will erect xa beef packing house, which is to bacapitalized at $35,000.Folly of Passionate Men.The passionate are like men stand-ing on their heads ; they see all thingsthe wrong way. Plato.mIH .orAWas What Did It ! "Heads" we have a Sale; "Tails" we don't have one!THE COIN was tossed into the air and fell on the floor "Heads Up !" The public won, so we are going to accept the small end of the purse and give our customers their greatest opportunity to buy real merchandise at honest reductions. When we say we can DOUBLE OUR MONEY on the goods we are sacrificingby carrying them over untill next fall, we make an honest statement. We have always had a January Sale to reduce our stock, and although we are literallythrowing money out of the back door, we will not deviate from our policy of always having "what's what" in Men's and Boys' Apparel, so the Sale goes! People, it'sup to you! If you want to save money, buy during this sale. If you are not particular about doing it, don't buy.SATURDAY, JANUARY 13th, IS YOUR LUCKY DAY!And every day during this Sale you can consider your lucky day if you take advantage of our TREMENDOUS REDUCTIONS!7-459.45Men's Suits and OvercoatsMen's $10.00 Suits and OvercoatsToss of a Coin Sale Price $Men's 12.50 Suits and OvercoatsToss of a Coin Sale PriceMen's $15.00 Suits and OvercoatsToss of a Coin Sale Price 1 0.45Men's S18.00 Suits and OvercoatsToss of a Coir. Sale Price 1 2.4-5Men's 20.00 Suits and OvercoatsToss of a Coin Sale Price 4.45IVIen's Suits and OvercoatsMen's $22.50 Suits and OvercoatsToss of a Coin Sale price $1 5.45Men's $25.00 Suits and OvercoatsToss of a Coin Sale Price 1 7,45Boys' Suits and OvercoatsBoys' 3.50 Suits and OvercoatsToss of a Coin Sale PriceBoys' $4.00 Suits and OvercoatsToss of a Coin Sale Price--.$2,75,25Boys' Suits and OvercoatsBoys' $5.00 Suits and OvercoatsToss of a Coin Sale Price $3.75Boys' $6.00 Suits and OvercoatsToss of a Coin Sale Price 4.25Boys' $6.50 Suits and OvercoatsToss of a Coin Sale Price 4.75Boys' $7.50 Suits and OvercoatsToss of a Coin Sale Price 5.75Bovs' $9.00 Suits and OvercoatsToss-of a Coin Sale Price '. 6.75Mats$4.00 Hats, Toss of a Coin Sale Price.$3. CO Hats, Toss of a Coin Sale Price$2.50 Hats, Toss of a Coin Sale Price,$2.P0 Hats, Toss of a Coin Sale Price$1.50 Hats, Toss of a Coin Sale Price.$3.252.251.751.451.15Of Course These Prices AreFor Cash!Shirts$3.00 Shirts, Toss of a Coin Sale Price$2.25$2.50 Shirts, Toss of a Coin Sale Price.... 1.75$2.00 Shirts, Toss of a Coin Sale Price$1.50 Shirts. Toss of a Coin Sale Price.$1.00 Shirts, Toss of a Coin Sale Price.1.451.20..89cMen's Trousers. Shoes, Underwear, Gloves, Caps, Trunks, Suit Cases and Hand Bags are Ail Proporlionately ReducedEXTRAAlthough it is customary to discontinue giving Blue Stamps during a sale of this kind, we will, as anw1thaai pdu" chTsTsV can'y'Efal'kf S? morS Everything Marked in Plain Figures! One Price to Everybody!Twin Bros.Clothing and Shoe Dept. Men's ShopL. WOLLSTEIN, Prop,'Save the Difference.".-. KfWAGE FOT-THE BOURBON NEWS, PARIS, KY.TUESDAY, JANUARY f, 117THE CHRISTMAS CLUBS.It bas been, reported that the banksthis country that operate Christmas Club accounts have distributed toPARIS TEAM DEFEATS LEXINGTON BASKET BALL TEAM.LODGES ELECT OFFICERS.At the regular meeting of Bour-The local Y. M. C. A. team "cams bon Council, Junior Order Americanback" Saturday night by winning a de ' Mechanics, held at their lodge roomstheir ,p.trons as aggregate of ?80,000,-; cisive victory over the Lexington ' the following officers were elected to.I First Baptist Church team by a score serve for the ensuing term::I of 47 to 15. The Lexington aggrega-! Counsellor G. M. Turner;On? marvels at Uig figures! mf 47 tr IS. Thf Tviiurfnn .ijnrrptra- Counsellor G. M. Turner: ViceThey show that the development of tion is one of the best of its kind in Counsellor W. O. Kabler; Chaplainthe Christmas Club is something 1 the city, and came ranking little lower i P. A. Thompson; Recording Secretary-fthich promises well for the indc-jthan the State University team, which 'Ira Bo wen; Assistant Recording SecBendimnA and thrift of future eenera- barlv won trom thp"Y" earlier in Hin'retarv W. S. Hertig; Financial See-JEMIMA JOHNSON CHAPTER D. AR.ENTERTAINED IN MILLRESBURGtions. and Paris owes a great measure of thanks to tiie banks for conducting tills fund.So far as returns to the banks areseason. une comparative scores in tiie reiary a. u. was; ueasuici-.two cnmes arp. ncnnunted for more as a It. Dennison: Conductor LUCien Hillmarked improvement on the part ofthe Paris squad, than so great a differconcerned there is very little to make ence in caliber of its respective oppo-, side Sentinel Lutherthe Christmas Club profitable the Rents.ot of bookkeeping andthe inciden- Theton; Warden Joseph Lenox; InsideSentinel George McCandless; Out-Hodge;otabs In connection with these smallAccounts, together with tihe interest allowed, wipes out what noticeable profitmight come frcn the plan but, thattees W. O. Kabler, Ira Bowen, Wfirst half of the game was a Hertig.neck-and-neck race, with Paris sevenpoints in the lead when the whistleblew. In the second tihe home boysseemed to grow surer of themselvesthe people of Paris benefit by the de- and showed flashes of real basket ball.the regular payments at the banks in j It was in this half that a change inthe regular payments att he banks in I the Y. M. C. A. line-up was made,volve, must be conceded without ques- j which seamed to freshen the attacktkra. Pnd te score began to pile up.With a little hard work the local dl-Rdiication is aimed to teach ourchildren how to take care of themselves when they grow up.Universal education in this countryhas done much to equip our people toearn better remuneration than in thepast.Neverthless up to now our systemrector hopes to see the squad round I Minter. Treasurer Lawrence M. Vaninto shape in time to win from Georgetown College, which team plays hereAt the regular meeting of ImperialEncampment of the I. O. O. P., heldin the Odd Fellows Temple, the following officers were elected to servetor the coming term:Chief Patriarch P. J. McCord; HigliPriest George M. Rose; Senior Warden Joflin Smits; Junior WardenDavis Stevens: Scribe George B.Hook; Host Samuel Ewalt. The appointive officers will be announced byChristmas; but conditions in the localof education has not universally taught squad have changed materially, sinceand nothing less than a victory willbe welcomed.Good crowds have been attendingeither next Saturday or Monday of the the new Chief Patriarch at the meetfollowing week. (Will be announced i jg to be held to-morrow night.later.) They ueteateu pans uerorehe ureencv of thrift, the puttingaside of a fixed sum regularly fromtiie day that a young 'man or youngwoman begins to earn money, in orderthat in old age they may be independent and free from the need orsupport from the State or from others.Once a young person discovers thevalue of maintaining a regular savingsfund he has opened the door to futureindependence. The Christmas Cluohas opened tihat door to hundreds intliis community, and they are goingforward eagerly, to become valuable,eelf-reliant citizens.ECLIPSE OF THE MOONHARDLY VISIBLE HEREFollowing the election of officersfor the Masonic lodge of Paris, a listpublished in THE NEWS, a banquetwas tendered which was attended byabout eiality members, their wives.these games and a much larger one i; members o the order of Eastern Star,A cloudy sky rendered the eclipse ofthe moon hardly visible here yesterday morning, according to a few rounders who stayed up until the smallhours watching for itThe eclipse was total and visible allover the United States, or at least soadvertised. The eclipse was the firstof seven scheduled for a celestial program during 1917. The phenomenonbegan at 12:50 yesterday morning atan hour when all the just and righteous citizens of Paris were deep insltimberland, consequently they missedall the acts. At 2 o'clock the moonwas completely enveloped within theAadows of the earth. The eclipsecontinued for one hour and twentyfive minutes, the moon being entirelyfree from the shadow at 4:39 a. m.This was the first total eclipse oithe moon since 1913, and the first thatexpected when Georgetown comes.BOX SCORELEXINGTON BAPTIST Haley, F;Ccrivener, F; Sheley, C; Burris, G:Spencer, G; S. Spencer.PARIS "Y." Dawes, F; White F;Waller, C; Meglone, G; Adair, G;Thompson. Sampson, Prichard.LEXINGTON Foul Goals: Haley;Scrivener, 4; S. Spencer, 2. Fieldgoals: Scrivener, 2; Burris, 2. Substituted: S. Spencer for Spencer.PARIS "Y." Foul goals: Dawes;White, 3; Waller. Field goals: Dawes.S; White, 2; Waller, 7; Adair; Thompson, 6. substituted: Thompson lorWaller; Waller for White; Sampsonfor Meglone.The following is the schedule ofgames for the season to be played bythe two teams:Boys' Team January 12, with theMaysville High School team, at Paris,January 19, at Maysville, with theMaysville High School tea'm; January22, at Georgetown, with the Georgetown High School team; January 26,at Richmond, witih the Richmond HighSchool; February 2, at Paris, with theDanville High School team; February9, at Winchester, with the ClarkCounty High School; February 23, atParis, with the Clark County HighSchool; March 2, at Paris, with theRichmond High School team; March9, at Danville, with the Danville HighSchool team.Girls' Team January 22, at Georgetown, with the Georgetown Hignithand their friends. Music was furnished for the occasion by Mr. A. L. Boatright and Miss Bessie Mastin, withviolin accompaniment by Miss EslnSaloshin. A delicious menu, consisting of oyster cocktail, chicken soupcelery, chicken croquets, green peas,gravy and coffee, was served. JudgeC. A. McMillan acted as toastmastcr.Responses were made by Dr. J. A. Orr.Mr. Peale Collier, Mr. T. J. Kiser andM. Hume Bedford.Mrs. Louis Rogers and Mrs. SanfordAllen, of Millersburg, were hostessesSaturday afternoon at the home ofMrs. Allen, in Millersburg', to tihe members of Jemima Johnson Chapter, DA. R., of this city, at the Januarymeeting of that organization, whichwas transferred to Millersburg at therequest of Mrs. Allen and Mrs. RogersThe Allen home was beautifully decorated .for occasion with Americanflags, plants and carnations. Nearlyall the members of the Chapter accept-Trus-! ed the invitation and were present,.making the trip in automobiles. Mrs.William G. Talbott, Regent of theChapter, presided over the meeting. Avery interesting article, "A Tribute toAmerica," written in 1813 by FrancesAllen, a son of John Allen, founder ofthe Allen family in Uiis State, wasread by Miss Elizabeth Grimes. Thechair which was occupied by MrsTalbott at this meeting was a relic ofthe days of John Allen, and has beentilie property of Mrs. Sanford Allenfor several years.Mrs. C. M. Best, of Millersburgand Mrs. Owen L. Davis, of Paris, withMrs. M. H. Dailey as accompanist,rendered several beautiful vocal selections. A piano duet by Misses Margaret Allen and Catherine Mclntyie,violin selections by Misses MaryLouise Bruce and Georgia McDaniel,with Miss Mattie Butler at the piano,made up a pleasing musical program.At the close of the program a salalcourse was served, including chickensalad, cottage cheese balls with pimentos, beaten biscuits, hot rolls, scalloped oysters, coffee, stuffed dates, orange sticks and home-made candies.ComingAttractionsPARIS GRAND 'Ai ALAMOPARIS BOWLING LEAGUE.has been visible, cmpk el since , Schj Jftn ,6 m1910. This year's-.eclipse of tiie sunk. ., ,,, eu. wi'and moon will be the greatest number. WInchfiSt ith the Clarkpossible in any one year. There Count mh Sdhool. February 16, atbo four eclipses of the and three pariSf with the Maysville H, h Schoolof the tooon. Not since 18 Jas tu- t February 23, at Paris, with theeacne number occurred and a like um-.c, k Count H, , s h ,ber ivill not be seen until 1982.MflRGOLEN'SSPECIALSBUSINESS CHANGES ANDREAL ESTATE DEALSThe huskies composing the FordhamAlleys bowling team defeated theiropponents, the R. P. Walsh team, intihe gf(me at the Fordham Alleys,Thursday night, bringing the baconhome to their side by a majority oonly twenty-four, which was, however,safe enough to enable them to get hiwith the winning game. For the dinners, Thoimas rolled the leading score,making 174 in the third game, Jonesfollowing for second honors with ascore of 169. For the Walsh teamDouglass made the high score of 176,followed by Duncan with 166 for second place. The games were witnesseuby a large crowd of spectators, andinterest in the contests seems to beon the increase.The score of the gaimes follows:FORDHAM TEAM.1Taylor 129Swearengen 146Determan 126Jones 144Thomas 143126152881671673125146111171174Bank Stock For Sale.I will sell at public auction at theCourt House door in Paris at 11:09oclock a. m., Saturday, January 13,1917, two shares of the capital stockof the First National Bank of Paris.(9-2t) M. F. KENNBY, Auct.Want to MeA Good Trade?Tuesday, Jan. 9thLillian GishIN"Dianeof theFollies"a Fine Arts production.Also a Keystone Comedyin two parts.WEDNESDAY.Jesse L. LaskeySweet inpresents BlanchePublic Opinionby Margaret Turnbull.mount program.On the Para-THURSDAY.Dorothy Dalton with Howard Hickman in"The Jungle Child"Thos. H. Ince production.Ed. Kennedy with Mary Thurman in"A Scoundrel's Toll." A Mack SennettKeystone comedy.Hours-Alamo, 2 to 5:30; Paris Grand,7 to 1 0:30, Admission 5 and 1 Oc., INSURANCEJoygfeft ninseparable Companionsthey should beance Policy.the Wedding Ring and the Life Insur-Totals 683 702 673 jMr. and Mrs. L.It. P. WALSH TEAM; 1lEngleman 134146n tj..t, r 'DOUglaSSv. . ijutiiica, iui uiu' ,, a. ionresidents oi Paris, have returned frcm ""'Y11111 -Maysville, where Uiey have been re- enlon -j "Vsiding for some time past. Thev have 1Juncan LU121123135100127102176116100166We have two slightly usedpianos that we want to trade fora small amount of cash or a second-handautomobile. If youhave the cash you can secure abargain, as we don't need thepianos and must have money atonce hence the great inducement we are offering.Brown's Music Store.(5-2t)IA policy of Life Insurance in her favor should be the firstgift to the bride,If that were always the rule, there would be fewer unhappy homes, less poverty and humiliating dependence.There is a Life Insuradce PolicyTo Meet Every Purse.The Northwestern Mutual Lite Insurance Go.R. F. CLENDENIN, Associate General AgentSuite 220 First Nat'l BanK Bldg. PARIS, KY.Totals 673 006 6G0For This WeekFordham Totals 2,063 3.Walsh & Co. Totals 1,939purchased of Mr. George W. Wilder,of stlie Louisville & Nashville, two iI..S 1.. 1 -l V..I1.1J li- -VTJ Iteenth street, in the old Fair GroundAddition to Pans, and will erect a' . ,, . AT,-,..-t,. oahome on one of them. The contract ,, tordthL80 ?a?2"t ,pV ', hi...o i,00 n-o,i f at. tti10ol Tiie gext game in the series will beOwens, of Paris. ' l!av?d al the Fordham Alleys to-Mr. George Estes, of near Paris, ,"ibBest Grade Flour, 24-pound 'has purchased the plant and good will!sack $1.20 of the Paris Bottling Works recently "FAULTLESS PHOTOS" TO BEowiieu uuu uperaieu m mis uity uy jir. JOHNS' MOTTO FOR FUTUKt.(W. A. Beheler, and will in the future,.conduct the business at the same T .,. tn m,. rtw..stand. Mr. Beheler will probably I. ZTZa"ZZZ Vk 2,! move to Lexington to engage in busi- iutt ,,DO,. -iqit a ,,ntn f,,rfwnef" t i tttmi- o i ! notice, I have instituted a line of pho-Mr: Joseph William Snapp, better 1 1 'hs of alitVt based on an ex."VSiPerieAceof thirty-one years. These"lrlSt..L SEX &L Photographs -ill be known a. "Fault-ift Jft tj T T iT T !' ? ! ! ! if f i ! ! ! 4barber shop of Curtis & Overby, onMain street. Mr. Snapp has been a-MflRGOLEN'STHE SANITARY MEAT MARKETBest Hog: Lard, nerpound 18 l-2cPork Chops, best cut,per pound...- 20c2-pound Mackerel, each 20cFancy Apples, per peck 35ce,. n c Anrm 3n resident of Paris for many years andSweet Oranges, dozen 20c ;is well and favorably own to the' trade. He has been in business in: Lexington tor some time past. Mr.Overby will engage in business butlias no,t as yet announced his plans!for the future.Mr. and. Mrs. L. A. Soner, who recently sold their store and residenceI at Little Rock, will move to Paris toreside in tihe future, having rentedthe residence recently occupied byMr. and Mrs. W. A. Beheler and family. Mr. Jaimes Harvey Henry has soldjto Mr. Luther.Leggett, -of this county,.the farm located on Aaron's RunCreek, and known as the Daniel Henryifarm, for $100 per acre. Mr. Leggcitwill take possession of the propertyon March 1.Mr. Best Skillman, of Paris, haspurchased the business and good willof the three stores operated at Jacksonville, tihis county, by Sparks &.Coimr a ceneral merchandise business.Mr. Skillman will take charge of thebusiness as soon as the transfers arcmade.Wsless Phpfos," and none but photographs without technical faults will bo.delivered. The prices on this class ofwork will range from ten dollars perdozen and up the sky being the limit.Call and see this work at the sameold stand the studio ofA. R. JOHNS.Ajgricultural Bank Bldg., Paris, Ky.P. S. Low price work will be madefor people who do not discriminate.(9-lt)r.H'.IIHHHfr.I"H..K..i.frunoaneemennWishing you 365 daysofHEALTH,HAPPINESSandPROSPERITYin97We are yours truly,WILMOTHGrocery Co.LAST RELIC OF OLDFAIR TO BE RAZED.So)ne time ago complaint was madeto the State Fire Marshal's office atFrankfort in regard to the old FloralHall building on the Bourbon CountyFair Grounds, near Paris. The building had bnc orae dilapidated to such anextent that it was a menace to surroun ling property. Chief Deputy StateTire Marshal Ed. Hite came to Paris1 set wnAlf sinil nftpr n llinrniicTi in.These stores have been conduct- fapecti()Il .of the property, ordered Ittorn down, which will be done thisweek.With tihe razing of this house thelast relic of the old Bourbon CountyFair, the oldest agrituclural society inthe State, and by farone of the best inits prime, disappears, and only thememory of the happy days spent thereis left The building in the days ofthe old fair, was the gathering placefor all the fair daughters of this andsurrounding counties. It was regardedas an art center, and was also thescene of many a happy gathering inlater years when the belles and beauxof the county gathered to spend thehours in dance.ON DECEMBER 1stThe business of Prichard & Ballwas taken over bycsBallB-4 PIREInsure withW.O.HINTON &SON,AgtsFIRE AT GEORGETOWNDESTROYS STOCK OF PIANOSFire at Georgetown, Saturday, destroyed the lower floor of the brickdwelling owned by the Garth Fund ofTransylvania College, destroying thestock of pianos of Oscar Hanna, ofLexington, who has a branch thereand the stock of wall paper of Ed.Thompson. The probable loss is $1,-C000 on the building; 1.500 on the wallpaper and $1,000 on tiie pianos. Mr.Hanna carried no insurance."Fire, wind and lightning insurance. Thomas, Woodford& Bryan.who will conduct said business in thefuture. All parties knowing themselves indebted to the above firm willPlease Call and Settle!IT PAYS TO ADVERTISE.It is unfortunate to lose any articleof value, and it is only natural thatthe loss will cause you worry. Agreat deal of your worry can be donsaway with, though, if you will place asmall advertisement in THE NEWS.Our advertisements have become fa-!nous for their value in finding lost arntides. It pays to advertise. 'PRICMARB&I Corner Fourth and Pleasant StreetsI Both Phones 66t-C jEl T Tftl;!i"f"H"I"l"f"I"i":PARIS, KENTUCKYwtiiufHHWHwi m m 1 1 1 1 1 1 ltyv- ,.4,IttttJ.?-H7-.IsTrESDAY, JANUARY 9, 1917.THE BOURBON NEWS, PARIS, KY.PAGKOTBFOR THE BESTC NOTHING ELSE 'SOCIAL AND PERSONAL..Comings and Goings of OurPeople Here, There andElsewhere.10 PER CENT OFF SALE PRICE.The big Dividend Sale at Sipion'uDepartment Store starteduid lasts until the 13thttnt. off sale prices. (It)portant factor of good singing correcttone placement."Mr. Andrew J. Gorey, of Covington, was a business visitor in Parisyesterday.i Miss Corinne Collins 'leave thisweek for a visit to friends in. HuntRenick are ington, W. Va.Mrs. Fithian Faries, of Maysville.visited Dr. and Mrs. F. M. Faries, Sat-Mr. and Mrs. B. Mvisiting friends and relatives in Nashvine, Tenn.Miss Jennie Howard has rntnrnnfl nrtlnv find KnnrlnvSaturday from, a visit to Miss Bessie Talbott, Miss Louise Patterson has return-len per in ueorgetown. ed to her home in T.fivinpnn nffprMr. Tdiomas S. Drennan has re- visit to Miss Frances Smart, in thisiuiucu uu i-ans, aiter a visit to rela- city.TEACHERS' MEETING. tives and friends in Flemingsburg-. Mrs. Eugene Whittington has re-i Mr. and Mrs. Hoffman Wood have turned to her home in Winchester af-The Bourbon County school teachers' returned to their home in Mt. Ster- ter a visit to relatives and friends inwill have a meeting on Saturday, Jan. ig after a visit to relatives in this this city.13. in the office of Miss Mabel Rob- city. Mr. Charles Dickerson, of thisbins, in the court house. j Miss Cornelia Blackburn has re city, has gone to Baberton, 0., wlieiej turned to her home in Georgetown, af- he has taken a position in a largeSELLS RACER. jter a visit to Miss Carolyn Roseberry munitions factory.jnear aris- Mrs. George Paynter has returheJMr. Andrew J. Gorey, of Latonia ! Miss Sallie Aslibrook has return- to her home on Higgins avenue, afterformerly of Paris, has sold his noted ed to- her home in Cynthiana, after a en extended visit to Mrs. Charlesthoroughbred, Transvaal, to Mr. Lang- visit to her sister, Mrs. R. B. Hutch- Blount, in Hamilton, 0.d0n an Eastern turfman, for a price craft, on Second street. The Young Ladies Dancing Clubreported as being $10,000. Transvaal Rev. and Mrs. J. J. Dickey have will entertain at Varden's Hall, withlias been a noted campaigner and a returned to their home near Hutch'- a subscription dance at $1.00 on nextcood winner on the turf. son from Flemingsburg, where tliev Thursday evening, January 11. The. I were called by the death of Mrs. Dick- hours will be from eight to two. MusicOYSTERS IN ANY STYLE ev's mother, Mrs. Phillips. will be furnished by the Johnson Sax-FOR CHURCH CAUSE.' Mrs. Carrie Buckner and daugh- ophone Trio.. mi, miss ouaan rmcKiier. win leave Mr. Jos. uroscie. wno nas been aMemorial Hos-recover. ,. -ii .i o,.,i,., tothi. uui iiei iiiuLiier win remain ior soma pel siiitimpm v rn pavfi rnf insr.inir.inn.xsi any siyie ueb.rcu .-.-- timft " Tt"," "iwi f " " ," ".,Mrs. W. A. Clarke, of Cincinnati, to ihcr studies at Martraret Colleee. inVersailles, after a visit to her parents,(It) u&sery, on mgn street, sue was ac- Mr. and Mrs. wmj. G. TalbottFRANK & CO.. ii miss ouaan rmciuier, win leave Mr. Jos. Grosclie, wno nasTho Kdies of St Peter's Episcopal J?01 for a triP to Asheville, N. C. Miss patient at the Massie Memorh..birch of this citv, will serve oysters Buckner will return after a short stay pital for some time past, has r. :" ,!i ,ioo5Vori ntnriinv .Tanu- but her mother will remain for some ed sufficiently to leave the instarv 13, in tihe vacant storeroom ad-- i u troir- Ctnro mi ATnin streetS"! -1? ": i; i r-v ,, tn Mn a guest of her father, Dr. W. C.inr "- ", n,nir ,;.rnnan. lit) Ussery, on High street. She wasmd give them their patronage.EPWORTH LEAGUE NOTICE.The regular monthly business ses-cmmpamed iron Cincinnati by her sis- Paris guests at a skating partyter, Miss Dorcas Ussery, who has been given in Lexington, Friday evening.her guest for several days. by Dr. Henry Foushee in honor ofMr. and Mrs. Duncan Bell and Miss Elizabeth French, of New York. . ! TlPTlTlPWS ATr PnloiTUltl Roninlr oi-wl Tr ifni-rv TVT orwl ATfc- Ctnnlinno "Hfim-loslonot the Paris Epwortn. usague , .., y . .. ,,... .. .. .-if's2?,sS!?hatirm5brSi '?. !. m u,eJ: MI o;i.the Hooven-RenickTvToihndist. church--- - n, rrnmntiv nnd tun uie riouveii-ueiiicK weuuing. i ne James M(.urged to be P"8 PP1 a?, " wedding was a brilliant society event, ers Davis,officers are requested to have all le folbwed by a rccepUoll and dil ' The fl?oris coiuiJiei-e.DENNIS V. SNAPP, Presfrom maim, Mrs. Katherine Davis Craig.Roseberry, Messrs.wedding. The James Metcalf, Charlton Clay, Witli-WEATHER FORECASTfirst dance given in the Newj dance at the Elks' Temple. Year at Uie Phoenix Hotel ballroom-There was a delightful gathering in Lexington, was on Friday night.at the Hotel Lancaster, in George- and was one of the most delightfultown, Sunday, when Mr. and Mrs. "events of the season. The promotorsi fnP11M1.f r.ir the wepk Rout Geg-gin, formerly of Paris, en- were Messrs. William Faulconer andThe weather lore "r 7 ' t tertained the following guests at din Owsley Wait-on. Music was furnishedbeginning Sunday, Jan"a v . ner: Mrs. S. M. Wilmoth, Mr. Thos 'for the dance by an orchestra andout by Uieu.te & TT th; vicin. Wilmoth, Mr. and Mrs. Charles Wil dancing was enjoyed from nine toBureau at Washington, ior una moth &nd Uyo cnildrent Mr and Mrt; three Among those who assisted theu ii a.a iwiv-. t'arlie Wilmoth and babies, and Mr. linsts hi rpnpivinir were Mr. and MrsGourtland Leer, all of Paris; Mrs. 'Charles A. Webber, Mrs. Frank MWilson, of Pans.and Dollie SmithNew Year partygenerally fair. 0l Cincinnati. (at their home near Clintonville. The-rtr. Mm accc i At the Sweet Shop, Friday after- rooms were decorated with holly,THOSE GOOD wui-Aa&o. noon Mrs. Jos. M. Hall was hostess to mistletoe, poinsetta and cut flowersB .t ,i o-,o,i ntpw ie members of her bridge club at uIa delicious dinner was served the fol-Try some ol uiuac iw civerv interesting session. A number of lowinc euests:: Misses Mabel GumFINAL CUTON LADIES', MISSES'AND CHILDREN'SCloaks, Dresses, SuitsAnd Fur Muffs and SetsSUITSNOW$10 and $15Formerly Sold from $20.00 to $40.00.followsFor Ohio Valleyand Tennessee.-.i iitifln roin:Temperature , r", '"-;;., .,., Clara Moore, of Detroit, Miah.; Miss Clay and Mrs. Kateor snows prouamy awu-. . "T" .... NatUe Lail. Mr. Oscar Allen Wood, of Misses Ethlynagain THiursday 01 i-rumy, um. - Francisco: Miss Nannie Carlev.1 entertained with aOrleansiasLClt)Molasses we areselling so!verv interesting session.C. P. COOK & CO.CONTRACT LET.games were played, after which the .Louise Redmon, Lexington; Bradshawguests enjoyed a menu comprising , Sharp, of Sharpsburg; Lois Powell,jcreapned mushrooms and sweetbreads of Danville; Catherine Weathers, Maryin timbles, garnished with truffles. Goriiam, Hazel Stephenson, Mary AliceParrish, Roberta Gorham, Mary Ellett,Alleen Ellett and Martha Stephenson,of Clintonville; Messrs. Wilbur Gum,Waldorf salad, cheese in cream, puffs,Mr. C. L. Hughes, former! ot Pan. ThQ were AJbert Hhjwho has been a resiuenu ' a" tonf Mrs. Buckner Woodford. Mrs. Ar- Prewitt Gum, Ollie Hurst and John T.for several monuis, m "1U,"'4. . timr Hancock. Mrs. James II. Thomn- Perrv. of Lexington: Orrin Estes, Ernto reside. He has let Ynilfl Tv son. Mrs. Miller Ward, Mrs. M. H.'est Darnaby, Lucien Terrell, ThomasUie erection of a lianasqiie uu "b' ; Dailev, Misses Ollie and Lorine Butler., Coons and Scott Weathers, of Clintonon Nineteenth street, to Mr. J- " , Miss Catherine Weathers, the at- ville.i. Dnvic riitrafl or. IMr.man uwens, uie in. - -Lncran nntjructlon wortvI IWHIIft UCKU1A. vthe home yesterday. Mr. Hugnes ib .1Louisville fc Nashville engineer.TO OUR PATRONS.iynntitm fll II orll I or- fF ATt- fl nl "TVC ?on UOVU.C uuub.KUi w. -.. " . ,L. Weathers, entertained at tueir noinenear Clintonville, Saturday afternoonjwith a "five hundred" party. Therooms were beautifully decorated withJ holly and cut flowers(Other Personals on Page 3.)SOME "LUKE McLUKER'-,. fllo ri0 0f the guests a delicious dinner was ser-Beginning Januarj 14 tne Pnw number of interesting gamesir six o'clock Sunday dinners m u. and aftenioon wasseventy-five cents. "l ";wndi. happily pent. The guests were:necessary under present market comu Misgeg virginia HighHeld, of Lexingtions and we hope for a continuance Gorham, Hazel StephenDRESSES Silk and SergeVERY NEWEST STYLES, at.$10Sold Formerly at $18.75 to $20.00.Coats of All Kinds at Less ThanManufacturers' Prices.Buy Now and Get Choice -PRAINK & COMPANY4rtf vnnr natronace.STOUT'S CAFE,HOTEL WINDSOR.(9-2t)TO COLLECT TAXESFROM ALEXANDERBANK.In a supplemental report to the pio- 1Iarvey DuYantwiHinir of the recent meeting of tne T tt of PaIn the Luke McLuke column inOn arrival of Sunday's Cincinnati Enquirer appearedthe following under the caption of"Some Bourbon County Cornfeds!""A kind friend relays us an extractfrom a Pans. Ky., paper containingthis line in a Christmas advertisementof a furniture store: "Put Furnitur"j son, Mary Ellett, Ruth Weathers, Al- jn Her Stocking for a Christmasleen Ellett. Evelyn Smith. Sarah Par- Gift. The J. T. Hinton Co."rish, Dollie Smith, Cordie Stephenson ---bii-bMary Alice Parrish; Mrs. Thorn weilTadlock and Mrs. Brent Haley.A nrettv affair of the social season was the kitchen shower given it. ,Winchester, Friday afternoon by M rs.in Jioivor of Miss Mariecedding of the recent meeting UL L" Talbott, of Paris, whose marriage InBourbon Fiscal Court, County Attor- Mr Frank w Slc(ldf of near Nort.iney George Batterton was autlionzeu Middletowllr wm be solemnizzed inand directed to take such steps a paris sQOn Tne ll0II1 ha(i t)een prct.-might be necessary to collect tne tjly dec:)rated for the occasion. As acountv taxes from the George Alexan- ..lakeK)ir. on the na,me of the brideder & Co. State Bank, and also to coi- groonlf the profusion of useful and orlc-ct the claim of the county agains,. namentai presents' was drawn into theGeorge Estes. The petition of Oeo. yoQm hy Mr DuVall on a small sled,B Hornback and others for the erec- and presented to the bride-elect Mrs.tion of a bridge over Hinkston LreeK Duvall served an appetizing luncheon,nf Younir's Mill, near the Bourbon- . g presenting a beautiful ap-MjontgomerySled.line, was received andpearance. uunng tne auernouu miooTalbott was showered with best wish-;es for a long life of happiness andjov. The guests for the affair were: jMiccne Tsnbpu ('aluweii ana iuaiifl.n 1iiThe J. T. Hinton CoTHIS MEANS A DIVIDEND FOR YOUto. i.s Tniiirv Tiividend Sale start- r,:,-rt xtuho. nr nanviiip. hmiRR cuesed off Saturday with a big rush at Qf Mrg Duvall; Misses Frances Claythe Simon Department Store, ten NeR Cnltclier.f Ellen Towles and Mrs.;ner cent, off sale prices means a real John william Young, of Paris; Mrs.,dividend for you if you will take ad- pl(jyd claJ of Mt sterling; MrsJvantage of it. Sale lasts until Jam- James French. Mrs. Field VanMetei-.ary !3 (1U ,Miss Letitia Warren. Miss MidredMcCinsau, Miss Emily McCready, MissJUVENILE SOCIETY OFFICERS Mamje Scrivener, Miss Elizabeth Stew. nrt, Miss Martha McGinnis, MissT.n fnlinwinc officers will haves pendleton, Miss Mary Frances OgdenJ L of the meetings and general Miss Virginia Baldwin, Mrs. FloydCiS f nf the Jinenile Missionary S3- Hieatt, Miss Julia Gaitskill. Miss Rosaaw f thn Methodist church, having Day, Miss Margaret Willis. Miss Lou?eetecWatantmeetInBofthel8eKohlhass and Miss RoselynneSocefv held in tihe church parlors: Stevenson. - IPresident Miss Hilda Taylor; First . The Washington correspondent ofVice-President Miss Dorothy Tingle, the Courier-Journal, in the Sunday'sSecond Vice-President Miss Lo"ls,e issue, has a very complimentary refer-rombs-Treasurer Miss Ruth Wheei- ence tQ mss Emma R.oberts, of Hen-er-Corresponding Secretary Miss ders0Ilf Kyf who iias made a greatAlien Kabler Recording Secretary reputation in Wasliington and NcvMiss Elizabeth Lilleston; Superintend- York as a meZzo-soprano vocalist ofent Social Service-Miss Manara Gal w h merit Miss Roberts recently aplowav Superintendent of Missions and red hl a series of entertainmentspYiblicitv Miss Virginia Hancock. jin New York and Washington, anl. ' earlier in the season appeared in cou-o w S WINS FROM GEORGE- cert witn the New York SymphonyTOWN BASKETBALL TEA orchestra. Miss'Roberts scored quite. 'a distinct hit in each one of her ap-ThP basketball teams of the Pari poarances. She is a sister of MissMirfi School defeated the teams of the Luciiie Roberts, t Henderson, whokJ"lr ,.!. school on tihe floui hoS been a frequent visitor to MissImS Georgetown College gymnasium Frances champe at the home of herof the Georgeio Tho . M g ift CnaJmi)efIrwatthe girls' .gatme was 56 to 1-. in this city, and who has a large cir-SS lhatS fte boys' team 30 to 10. ce of friends here. In the commentGrille Paris girls' team Miss Lena Qf. Miss Roberts' appearances in con-T?rf scored 43 points. Her goal tos- cprU tlie Washington correspondentuose score spectators lo vs. The progranmie offered to anween about as accurate as any audience which was fairly large anl '1J wTti pssed on the Georgetowi' aDpreciative, contained many comp.v'eer iuiact wmft Cantain Si;0 4i,nf mnl-p exactinB demandsStndRice, of the Paris team, 011 the singer. She began with I2o? Tne lintup of the teams v. a svecchVs .Lungi dal Caro Bene" andV 11 concluded the introuuecory group wiuiaV L m'Us AlcCord, center; Misses two old English airs. 'About the Sweett ZS ifeattv forwards; Hisses B of a Bee' and 'Lawn as White astipnndHSr guards. , Driven Snow In each, of these theLyUe and iieuer, buu. n Tavinand : fiieninsiP.rl a smooth mezzo-so-.?oyhSS:rH5V Albert Lavin " Voice of agreeable quality andyuex xvitw, ." .and Cajl. Burnett, guards. -$15for this genuineVictor- Victrola Irc ji nineYes sir, aVictor-Victrola for $15.Hardlvsfms possible,and yet this new instrument embraces all thef u n d a in e n t a 1 Victor-Victrola principles.And the uncqualcdVictor-Victrola tonethat's the most importantTAKE-ADVANTAGEor THEan excellent understanding of that hn-vpiIo5. 6JJnr9 thing of all. EgI Come in today andI hear it no obligation 1I on your part, but you BjI won't want to do without Bone.Other styles $25 to $300. R IVictors S10 to 100. Lasy M 'terms if desired. 1I ' Ii . -r. inV & aBk xi,"' ff'p,J!UHUuncni! unuu. u.BIG BARGAINSWe Are ShowingIN OUR WINDOWSYou Can Get Them Ju tOnce a Year.THE J. T. HINTON CO.MOTOR HEARSE-MOTOR INVALID COACH-"EITHERPI-IOINE" 36SIXTH AND MAIN STS.V&JJK dhil"tm V' aor'I .Ait v!UIUNDERTAKING1r1THE BOURBON NEWS, PARIS, KT.TUESDAY, JANUARY 9, 1117.WOMEN'SWomen, more than men, have excitable nerves, becausetiring work and physical strain tax their more delicatenervous -systems and bring premature age and chronicweakness unless treated intelligently.Drug-laden pills and alcoholic concoctions cannot build up awoman's strength, but the concentrated medicinal food propertiesin5C0TTS EMULSIONbuild strength from its very source and are helping thousandsof women to gain control of their nerve power overcometiredness, nervousness, impatience and irritability.SCOTT S is a liquid-food free from alcohol.Scott Sc Bownc, Bloomficld, N. J.THE MEXICAN SITUATION.WASHINGTON, Jan. S. Interest inthe Mexican situation remained centered to-nigiit on wliat action President Wilson might follow his approvalf the recommendation of the American members that conferences of theMexican-American joint commission bo.brought to an end.Dr. J. R. Mott, one of the AmericanCommissioners, carried to the Mexican members in New York, Thursdaya formal reply to the last communication from General Carranza, in whichhe again had refused to ratify theprotocol providing for the withdrawalcf American troops from Mexico.If Luis Cabrera, Chairman ot theMexican group, and his colleagues,Tgnacio Bonillas and Alberto J. Pani,desire it, a last meeting will be held,probably in Washington, meiely forthe expression of the formalities incident to dissolution of the commission.There has been no announcement otthe President's decision as to theAmerican Commissioners suggestionthat he act on his own initiative in thematter of withdrawing the troops, andthat diplomatic channels be providedfor dealing with questions at issue between the two Governments. It appears certain, however, that Henry P.I "Telephone asYou'd Be Telephoned To"1i liasC IfW a.iPTg-i . iz??i&JL.Li" I vttSfcBm3&-.-e. Vi-. CUMBERLANDTELEPHONE &TELEGRAPH CO.Incorporatedit , -vaJwaiBiBfti ..a je -BOX 122, FRANKFORT. ICY.A Bank AccountIs the Gibraltar of the Home!If you are a man of family you must have a bank account. A BANK'ACCOUNT IS THE BULWARK, THE GIBRALTAR, OF YOUR HOMEIt protects you in time of need.It gives you a feeling of independence,j It strengthens you.'jit Is a Consolation to Your Wife5to Your ChildrenFarmers' & Traders' Bank,p$S5 . ., v. .Sixth and Main .Streets; .Paris; Ky..s ..v .NERVES16-7Fletcher will be sent to his post inMexico as Ambassador.Sojne Administration officials opposehaste in ordering Pershing's men outof Mexico on the ground that it mightgive Carranza the impression that itwas because of his insistence, whenin reality the chief motive would bethe release of the National Guard onjthe border and take the regulars outot a poor strategic position.DON'T BE DECEIVED ABOUTENEMY'S STRENGTH.LONDON, Jan. 8. Maxmilian Harden, editor of Die Zukunft, delivereda speech at Berlin, Saturday, pleading for peace by agreement, accordingto Reuter's Berliner TageblattAfter referring to the enemy's miscalculation of Germany's strength.Herr Harden warned his hearers notto allow themselves to be deceivedabout the enemy's strength."Russia's resources cannot be exhausted," he said, "for, indeed, the waproceeds only on the edges of thisworld empire. England's hungeimoreover, is only a catchword forwhich there is no foundation, whileFrance's lack of men can be balancedby British troops."TELEPHONE courtesy isjust a bit of ordinarypoliteness and everydaykindness that we put intoour conversation when wetalk by telephone.Its the face to face brandof politeness and kindnessused when we're voice tovoice.It's the same politenessand kindness that we like toreceive from the other endof the wire.XGiving a little thought to telephone courtesy and -practicingits simple rules will make thetelephone an even more efficient aid for you. "Telephoneas You'd he Telephoned To"always.NEARLY TWO MILLION MENSERVE BRITAIN IN FRANCEPARIS, FRANCE, Jan. 8. A specialHavas dispatch from the British frontin France says:"General Sir Douglas Haig to-daycoropnands tiie largest army GreatBritain ever levied on her soil. Thenumber of effectives in the Britisharmy in France on January 1 wasnearly 2,000,000 men, cotmpletely trained and ready day or night to receiveorders frofn their Commander inChief."This figure only refers to the British forces in France and is exclusiveof those employed in the defense ofGreat Britain, Ireland, India, Saloniki,Egypt, Mesopotamia and Africa."STARVIN WOMEN STEAL FOOD.GENEVA, Jan. 8. The Burgomasterof Vienna, Dr. Weiskirchner, threatensto resign if Hungary continues to refuse to send food to Vienna, accordingto reports received here.J He is reported as saying that theprisons are filled, chiefly with womenand ahildren convicted of having stolenfood, while housewives are afraid togc shopping for food, even in theprincipal streets, owing to robberic?and assaults.I The Swiss and German papers areciowded with advertisements for Swissservants to go to Germany, the reason, being that every Swiss in Germany iI allowed to receive from home weekly10 pounds of foodstuffs.DOING THEIR DUTY.j Scores of Paris Readers Are Learningthe Duty of the Kidneys.To filter the blood is the kidneys'uuty.When tiiey fail to do this the kidneys are weak.Backache and other kidney ills mayfollow.Help the kidneys do their work.Use Doan's Kidney Pills the teacd kidney remedy.Paris people endorse their worth.Mrs. John Mastin, 1,439 High street.Paris, says: "I have used Doan's Kidney Pills with very good results and Ican tell from the help they were to methat they will be beneficial in othercases of kidney trouble. ' I had a dead,dull ache across the jmiall of my backand-my kidneys were irregular in action. Doan's Kidney Pills rid me ofthese complaints and I have faithenough in them so that if I shouldneed a kidney remedy, I would certainly take Doan's."Price 50 cents at all dealers. Don'tj Doan's Kidney Pills the same that.Mrs. Martin had. Foster-Milburn Co,Props., Buffalo, N. Y. (adv)Divide the family responsibilitiesi with the older children, but do not ex'pect them to use your head in carryingI them. These should make a sort oftraining school for the big ones thatthey will have to handle later.HOW TO CHECK THAT COLD.When it is painful to breath andfever sends chills up and down yourback, you are in for a cold. A timelydose -of Dr. Bell's Pine Tar Honey willstop the sneezes and sniffles. The .pinebalsam, loosens the phlegm and clearsthe bronchial tubes, the honey soothesand relieves the sore throat. The antiseptic qualities kill the germ and thecongested condition is relieved. Croup,whooping cough and chronic bronchialaffections quicklyDruggists, 2oc. -relieved. At all(adv-jan) !Seine fanners will spend the bad i.uays ami me long uvumuga ui liiu ruining winter reading farm papers and inspiring books; otheis will spend themi chewing tobacco and fussing at tin .,kids. The question is, which class;will have made most progress by com-ling of spring? No reward for correctI answer. 'SLOAN'S LINIMENTFOR STIFF JOINTS.Rheumatic pains and aches get intothe joints and muscles, making every(movement torture. Relieve your suf-jfering with Sloan's Liniment; it quickily penetrates without rubbing, and.soothes and warms your sore musclesThe congested blood is stimulated to'action; a single application will driveout the pain. Sloan's Liniment iclean, convenient and quickly effecthe, it does not stain the skin or clogthe pores. Get a bottle to-day at yourDruggist, 25c.(adv-jan)Your own wheat for the mill, youruuii iJisa ui Lite pun, pieiiL ui puuiLuet; iin the cellar and five hundred cans oCJlruit ana vegetaoies on tne pantr,shelves. You should worry!WinterTourist TicketsRound-trip Winter Tourist Tickelson sale daily Oct. 1, 1916, until April30, 1017, with final return limit May31, 1917, to all principal tourist pointsin Alabama, Florida, Georgia, Louisiana, Mississippi, New Mexico, NorthCarolina, South Carolina. Texas andHavana, Cuba, allowing liberal stopover privileges on both going and return trip. Also low round-trin Hnirnvseekers Tickets on sale first ami fiiir.iTuesdays of each month to points iuAlabama, Florida, Louisiana andMississippi, with final return limittwenty-one days Irom date of saleFor further information, call on or address, W. V. SHAW, Agent," ornJ.'Kv SMITH? T?.i--'mV m JHRHRheumatismIs iJly Weather Prophet.I can tell stormy weather daysoff by the twinges in my shoulders and knees. Rut here's anold friend that soon drives out the painsfind aches.Sloan's Liniment is so easy to apply, norubbing at all, it sinks right in and fixesthe pain. Cleaner than mussy plasters andointments. Try it for gout, lumbago, neuralgia, bruises and sprains.At your druggist, 25c. 50c. and $1.00.CYCLONE KILLS 11 CHILDREN.McALESTER, OKLA., Jan. S.Eleven school children were killed,four probably fatally hurt and eightseriously injuied shortly before noonThursday when a cyclone wreckedthe Vireton school house, near Blockner. The school building, a Baptist Inlianmission, a quarter of a mile away, andfour farm houses are in ruins and ahalf dozen other farm homes werelifted from their foundations by thestorm, which swept a narrow path foia distance of six -miles.THE GIST OF IT."Last December I had a very severscold and was nearly down sick in bed.1 bought two bottles of Chamberlain'sCough Remedy and it was only a verylew days until I was restored tchealth," writes O. J. Metcalf, Weatherby, Mo. If you would know the valueof this remedy, ask any one who hasused it. Obtainable everywhere.(adv-jan)?m oldIfmgCoal.jTmerrir' old soul,WJTndmalreiffiotfrompole topolewM'm',-"''" '&.COAL is thelking of NatureChief Engineerof the world's progresstoward comfort. For centuries the sun has been storing in the bowels of theearth the heat values wefind in coal. The qualitycoal we sell is impregnatedwith the proper caloric unitsto make a comfortable heat.It is the fuel for your family furnace.FOX RIDGEHot Stuff IW. C. D0DS0N!Yo u Don't Ha veTo StoojJ fYou Use aGARLANDCabinet RangeA beautiful line of Garlands on dlsplay. Come In and look them over.Paris Gas & Electric Co.-c-L-..nk v i xfcO. T. . 9te.tzmuMTfgn?c5MHmtkttkrVxJrtHES'SI II 1 1 I )ftMSbMKtfe&f 'will 'sfarf $BfflBHBanMn Club It fSp'--- ' '- ead below howyoaI WK'F" Come in; ask about ii f?1 The first step tol success is BEGINNING to SAVE.1 Would John D. Rockefeller be tbe richest man in (he SThe first step tol success is BEGINNING to SAVE.Would John D. Rockefeller be the richest man in theworld if he had not SAVED his FIRST DIME? .lWe offer you an easy way to begin. Come in; getFREE a "Christmas Banking Club" book. Put in ourbank only a DIME; increase your deposit only a DIMEeach week; in fifty weeks you will have $127.50. iuumzYou can also start in with 1 or 2 or 5crease your deposit this same amountweeks and have $12.75, $25.50 or $63.75.'ffcWe also have clubs where you begin$2.00 or $5.00 and put in this same amountfor 50 weeks and get $50 or $100 or $250.WE ADD 3 PER CENT. INTEREST!You can start TO-DAY-START.Deposit and Peoples Bank"2i'i"i' ! ! ! ! I ! ! ! !' ! ! ! -I ! ! -I' ! ! !Cwin Bros. Department StoreStventft and main St$. Paris, KentuckyAnnovnce Special Low Prices ThisWeeK onCadics' and Children's SuitsCoals, Sbirts, (Uaisis, furs,lUillinery, etc.Grand Display of Holiday Presents !Dofls, Harps, Scarfs, Umbrellas, Purses, Etc. Makeyour Holiday purchases here and save the difference., WE GIVE BLdE STAMPSWITH CASH PURCHASES.1 Twin Bros.4m4AlT0M0g,UE HEARSE OR AMBULANCEI desire to aw3 to omr friends that I can, where desired,furnish an autolj&653 hare or ambulance. This method oftransportation ij especially desired on long trips, the same being made in better time, and at no advance in cost over thehorse-drawn conveyance.GEO. W- DAVIS, Funeral Director.5f54t ft ijji ! ! ! 9) J i J i ! j j y Jti( SJ P J? JPGREETINGS!We wish to thank you very kindly foryour very liberal patronage, both localand long distance, for the year just closed,and in asking a continuance of same, desire to say that no expense has beenspared in keeping our facilities abreast ofthe times, assuring you of standard serviceand reasonable rates at all times,Paris Home Telephone 8 Telegraph Go.(Incorporated.)cents and inweekly for 50with $1.00 orevery week!' ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! -I' 'I' ! 'I' 'I1 ! 1 1 1 ! ! t 9Dep't Storei' 'i X JJ J! I U KM-4J&TTUESDAY, JANUARY 9, 1917.Lost Keys.TOE BOURBON NEWS, PARIS, KY.PAG? SYE!T;rCONSTIPATION AND INDIGESTION't "I HiaVfi llKPfl PhnTri'horlnin'c ToMof-Lost, somewhere on the streets of i and must say they are the hest ,Pans, a bunch of five keys, on a have ever used for constipation andHorseshoe ring. Fmder return to this indigestion. My wife also used themoffice and receive reward. for indigestion and they did her good,"writes Eugene S. Knight, Wilminton,JN. C. Obtainable everywhere.i (adv-jan)notice to Stockholders.Stockholders of the Paris Cemeteryo., are nouneu mat an election ntWanted, Tobacco Stalks.'MrecTors ta -said CompI y tor tto ot p.3 rkSf7 "W V" Vi..uinE year will be held at ft nfflr 5. ?tJ2?ons Coal Yards for a.umg year win be held at Uie ofnre , o.ii. C 4-l S-h T5"k VtT'VSV A VH? Maali. 1 T" -a WV J tUUhdt. uiu ojjuiiJviii-.in;uiLurai xanK anu''rust Co., on Wednesday, January 10, ' t oc.f n)1D. W. PEED, orW. C. DODSON.(2-2t-T)J. T. HIXTON, President.Notice To the Public!I will pay this seasbn the nighesiprices that have ever been known inParis for horse hides, beef hides,heej) pelts and furs.I will also pay the highest marketlection of the Board of Directors foriprice for Rags and Paper' 1 wiU sendaid company will be held at the office. after lfc place" in ihe cifcy- Cal1-.f tlie Bourbon-Agricultural Bank & y Cumberland phone 374. Office onTrust rvmnnnv. in Parie Vr nn iTJitrhfTi Strppf. ,.w wV -f- .- , .... """ --J-i vii . o--- --Stockholders' Notice,The stockholders of the Paris Operalouse Company are notified that anaturday, January 13, 1917.W. H. McMILLAN, President.D. C. PARRISH, Secretary.(Jan. 2-4UNOTICE.All persons having claims against"Aie estate of W. P. Ardery will pleasejrove same and mail them to the undersigned. W. B. ARDERY,(3-tf) Administrator.POSTEDThe land of the late "W. P. Arderyhas been posted and no hunting willtie allowed. Please remember this ands;ive trouble.W. B. ARDERY,(3-tf) Administrator.(20-oct-lyr)MAX MTNICH.BOURBON WINNERS IN LEXINGTON TOBACCO SHOW.The big tobacco show at Lexington,Friday and Saturday was a great suecess, and will probably becqme a permanent feature during the season. Thejudges were selected rrom eight counties. The judges from Bourbon countywere, Dan W. Peed and S. KenncNichols.The prize winners in the Sixth District composed of Bourbon, Harrisonand Nicholas counties were: CharlesShannon, Myers, Nicholas county, first,?25; John Shannon, Myers, Nicholascounty, second prize, $15; Davis Patrick, North Middletown, Bourboncounty, third prize, $10; Bristow Bros.,R. F. D. No. 2, Paris, iourth prize, $5.In the Class A cigarette wrappercontest, cpen to all coiners, S. D. Patrick and D. G. Wills, of the North Middletown precinct, T.II. Hutson, of nearShawhan, and Bristow Bros., of nearParis, were contestants. In the ClassB Burley tobacco on stalks, open to allBurley contestants, Davis Patrick, ofNorth Middletown, had an entry.IN FIVE MINUTES! NOINDIGESTION, GAS ORSOUR, ACID STOMAC!'EDW. BURKE, PresidentH. S. CAYWOOD, Vice-Pres.JNO. T. COLLINS, ManagerDirectorsTheFOR SALE!Bourbon TobaccoWarehouse Stockat an attractive price.70 SHARESWill sell in 10 share lots.AddressP. O. BOX 336,Lexington, KyMoment "Pape's Diapepsin"Reaches the Stomach All$ Distress Goes.FOR RENT!"Really does" put bad stomach illorder "really does" overcome indigestion, dyspepsia, gas, heartburn andsourness in five minutes that justthat makes Pape's Diapepsin the largest selling stomach regulator in theworld. If what you eat ferments xintostubborn lumps, you belch gas andeructate sour, undigested food andacid; head is dizzy and aches; breathfoul; tongue coated; your insides filled with bile and indigestible wr.ste, remember the moment "Pape's Diapepsin" comes in contact with the stomach all such distress vanishes. It'stiuly astonishing almost marvelous,and the joy is its harmlessness.A large fifty-cent case of Pape's Di-. ...211 !w ifn - lii vwl rl nnLjapeipsill. win give juu a. huiiuicu uu.-lars' Worth of satislaction or yourdruggist hands you your money backIt's worth its weight in gold to menand women who can't get their stomachs regulated. It belongs in yourhome should always be kept handyin case of a sick, sour, upset stomachduring the day or night. It's thermiokr-st. surest and most harmlessEDW. BURKESAM CLAYJAS. CALDWELLH. S. CAYWOODA. L. STEPHENSONJ. L. DENTONROBT. E. BEATTYLUTHER STIVERSC. D. WILSOND. W. PEEDJNO. T. COLLINSS. R. BURRISA. B. HANCOCKW. M. ROGERSThe BourbonI Tobacco Warehouse Go.. stomach legulator in the world(adv)I Women who get little exercise are1 likely to be troubled with constipation! and indigestion and will find Chamberlain's Tablets highly beneficial, rsotTTr , . , . .WOMEN OF SEDENTARY HABITS.we nave ior rent trie ionowing aesiraoie property:A. second floor suite of three rooms fronting on Broadway,formerly occupied by Dr. Petree. Water, gas and electric lights.Suitable for offices or light housekeeping.lwo rooms on second noor adjoining tne aoove Duiiding. so good as a tnree or f0Ur mile walk! oA. nice nve-room cottage on bCOtt Avenue. j every day, but very much Deuer manTwo small cottages on Washington Street.For information, etc., apply toMcCLURE & DONALDSON, Agents,(dec29-tf)Second Floor First National Bank Building.to allow the bowels to remain in aconstipated condition. They are easyand nleasant to take and most agreeable in effect. Obtainable everywhere. e(adv-jan)SALES DAILYReady To Receive TobaccoAt Any Time.THIS HOUSE has made the Home Market.THIS HOUSE has secured a Re-dryer for ParisTHIS HOUSE has saved the tobacco growers thousands of dollarsby its refusal to raise the selling fees. The saving on this crop alone toBourbon County will amount to $ 1 7,000.THIS HOUSE gives you a Square Deal. ""'THIS HOUSE gets you the High Dollar.GILBERT URGES ATTENDANCEt i 1 H ..itt.l..X..M.frX'JHiHM"X"W I V. O. Gilbert, Superintendent od& I'ublic Instruction, has sent letters toall ot tne county ociroui oujjcmntuut ents urging them to attend the con-,ference of School Superintendents, (which meets in Frankfort on January15 to 20. One of the matters to comeI up before the education iorces ol luI State is theieed of constructive lead' ership.1-h4-4-TO OUR PATRONSa44t4-t44-4We are thankful for the patronage we received during the pastyear.A BRIGHT, JOYOUSAND PROSPEROUSNEW YEAR 1917TO ALL OF OURFRIENDS.Let's be better friends, if possible, next year.INACTIVITYCAUSESTION.CONSTIPA-Lack of exercise in the winter is ar..,.v.f nnnco nf constipation. Youi feel heavy, dull and listless, your comiv! i"c coiinw nnri nimnlv. and en-,.,- 9t imv Phh. Clean ud this condi-cifej " ' - - .. -, tjp.tion at once witti Dr. lung s iew uwPills, a mild laxative that relieves thecongested intestines without griping.A dose before retiring will assure youa full and easy movement in the morning. 25c at your Druggist.(adv-jan)THE INDEPENDENTTOBACCO WAREHOUSE CO.PARIS, KENTUCKYSINCERELY, ,HARRY LINVILLEl 1 I I I I 1 1 'f H' I' ! "I"I' 'I"I' !! !"! i !! I"M-li-I"l"I"I"I"I"I"I"I"H"I"I"I''I"I"I"IiHiSHEEP KILLING CURSRAID BOURBON FLOCKStenBourbon Laundry IDWIS & FUNK, Props.Telephone No. 4. West 5 StreetSatisfaction is OarWatchwordWith all the latest improvements in laundryappliances and experthelpers we are preparedto , do work inferior tonone, and solicit yourpatronage.IITlhirty-eight head of fine sheep, theproperty of Messrs. Larke and Wood.nI.,Minr rm MiP.ir farm in theIColville vicinity, near the Bourbon andwt I nnntir IITIO WPfH V1UL11UO tifew nights ago of a raid by sheep Killing curs. The animals killed werevalued at about $700. A number orother sheep were also wounded.The flock of Mr. Clifton Gillispie,near Little Rock, was also visited verylecently by dogs, resulting in the loss.r. , inner! nnri fortv wounded.The animals were valued at about ?ioper head. . ., ,.nThese losses will fall heavily on theowners, as the State will only reimburse them to the extent of aboutthirty per cent in the sneep cwuua iUi1916.BAD COLD QUICKLY BROKEN UP.Mrs. Martha Wilcox, Gowanda, N.y writes: "I first used unaimDenum aCough remeay aoout bibiu. jC -o-Atttiat time I had a hard cold andcoughed most of the time. It provedto be just what I needed. It broke upthe cold in a few days, and the coughentirely disappeared. I have toldmany of my friends of tbe good I received through using this medicine,and all who have used it speak of it inthe highest terms." ObtainaWeevei-Ready tobacco atReceiveAnyTo. aTimeiBourbon Laundry,Pari Kentucky.LET US SHOW YOUa pile remedy that is "different fromany other.WiiMnillWESSZLsXsWTRADE MARKPILE REMEDYis used both exxternally and internally. Guaranteed to give relief fromany form of pile or money reiunaea.Sold only by hi? 50c and 1.00.' OBMDORFBX,SALES DAILYyftCompetition is Necessary to Make aGood Sale We Give You CompetitionIf- wCHARLES C. CLARKEDSELL CLARKW. H. WHALEYDIRECTORSW. A. THOMASONHARRY B. CLAYM. R. JACOBYJOSEPH E. LEACHJAMES McCLURESAMUEL HARDINGfr-rV-J4i-u' 4i i1 i & k.. . 'jgtjwg- M'-lgwj pisf? -1 wwww "f -f-r-sr - r-- i i 0'-VFAGE EIGHTTHE BOURBON NEWS, PARIS .KY..TUESDAY, JANUARY , lift-i"m-,MILLERSBURG,DEATHS.Mr, J. P. Auxier has returned from . STRATTON.sl business trio to Henrv -countv. tv,, r,,nnroi f m ortnn otToriMr. and Mrs. Mingus, of New I eightv-tvo, who died at his home nearYork, are guests of their daughtei, Broad well, Harrison county, Saturday.Mrs. A. J. Thaxton. 0f pirrhnsis of the liver, was held atKev. a. s. v enable has been -conductinga house-to-house prayer meeting during the past week.Mr. and Mrs. J. P. Burroughs and' ' little son, William Virgil, were guestsof Mr. and Mrs. Albert Potts, at Parii,Sunday.t Mr. and Mrs. A. S. Miller entertained a number of their young friends ,.fwith rcok Thursday 'evening. Mrs. AS. Miller entertained a number of her"lady friends Friday afternoon.The officers or the Christianchurch in session Thursday eveningoxtended a call to their present pastor. Elder 0. O. Cossaboom. tor theyear 1917. which was accepted by binElderIce churcuthe family residence Sunday morninat eleven o clocck, with services couducted by Revv. J. R. Jones, of Cyiuhi-i01,0 nooittn) hv T7"lrl 1 HP 2 1 1 a T-r n r rana, ooin.tu uj -i. m. ww.-fl. ATrcsJaetacnvlll. Cemetery. The paU-bear-lgJ" "ers were B. F. Spears, David Andor-h,1"' - ' "son, E. Oder, Earl Anderson and J no.W. Craig.Mr. Stratton was a bachelor, anlhad lived all his life in the homewhere he was born and where he diedHe is survived by one brother, GeorgiStratton.Hanson, formerly of Paris, and a sisterof Mrs. William R. Thomas, who wasMiss Carrie Hanson, of Paris. Mr.Taylor had been in poor health andsome years ago moved to Arizona,where he resided sc)ne ti(me, later onmoving to Los Angeles, California. Hedied at Hollywood, a suburb of LosAngeles, "where he had been for several months following a stroke ofparalysis. His home was in Tucson,'Arizona, where he had been employed' in the legal department of the Southern Pacific Railway Compnay. He wasa native of Lagrange, and has two sis-J. C. CLore and Miss AliceThese sisters.lve him. Airs.Clore and Miss Taylor had just returned from a visit to Mr. Taylor.The body will be brought back to hisold home, Winchester, for intermentin the Winchester Cemetery.MATRIMONIAL.SAUER.Mr. Fred Sauer. aged about fiftyfive, a former resident of Paris, diedRumors are afloat of several weddings in the near future, one, ayoung farmer residing not many milesin the country and a charming youngmiss of the younger set in Paris. Thereport is that it may occur about the15th of this month.TALBOTT SLEDD.AMERICAN NEWSPAPERSFACE A CRISIS.!The shortage in news print paper issubjecting the newspapers of thewhole earth to a famine that will beOUR MORTALITY LIST.Claims of the Prohibitionists Arcfuted by U. S. Official Statistics.Ra-Under the above caption, the Satur--J.. 'C.mntnrr Tne- nF "DVi I In 1 r1 TVl ?Q ArH.disastrous to many of their number " ""'. " Ft 'It is not alone in the United States torial .page, issue of October 21, 1916.that newspapers by the hundreds have' Sves some very interesting informa-been compelled to suspend because of llon wnicn ousat to mr'their inability to secure a supply ofwhite paper at prices that would permit them to continue publication. Inevery country newspaper publisher!,are facing the srfme advance in supplies in every country they beholdan ascending scale of prices not onlyHobson and other prohibition agitatorswho would 'have us believe that "alcohol" destroys two thousand lives eachday!I We quote from the item mentioned:! "The death rate in the United Statejlast year was the lowest ever reportedI thirteen and a half for each thousland inhabitants. Fifteen years ago itwas seventeen and a half; so we mayTHOMAS.The funeral of Mrs. Clifton Thomas,aged sixty-sixt who died at her home! at his home in Lexington, yesterday.Cossaboom has been pastor of in North Middletown, after a long ill jat six o'clock, 'of cancer of the stominrrfi fnr spvomi vnnrs. nnii snm ness of Bri spit's disease, was held attach. Mr. Sauer had been ill tor about... . . , ---- -.,... -L-.JThe wedding of Miss Marie Talfcott.Im.mlttm. rt AT r- n n 1 ATrc Willj.m f!Talbott, of near Paris, and Mr. Frank for paper, but for other materials.W. Sledd, Assistant Cashier of the' Thus we notice that m London, actake place at St. Peter's Episcopal ing to the cost of production a number, say that about four hundred thousandchurch in this city on next Monday,' of leading newspapers are being con- more people would have died m thisJanuarv 15. Rev. George II. Harris, ducted at heavy tosses. The Grea (Country last year but for the betterrector of the church, will be the ofiici- Thunderer has increased its selling care we take of our health mainly byprice and' other important daily news- public sanitation. This ratio, of coursepapers have followed suit." As in is for the "registration area," whichLondon, so everywhere throughout the embraced only two-thirds of the popu-' British possessions, but the news- lation. Probably the remaining thirdating clergyjman.hold at Winchester. February 2S andMarch 1 and 2, Commissioner of Agn-tihie ago tendered his resignation,, the lamny residence in iNorui .Mia- a year, previous iu mai hc uuu uwwhich the officers in their last meeting deltown, Saturday morning at 9:3 in the Lexington hospitals at intervalsrefused to accept This speaks tK o'clock with a short service, after under treaflnent for relief from thehigh esteem in which this clergyman which the body was taken to the Log malady that finally caused his death..... .. " . 1 Jl- .-.-. -...- tr Plol- nnitntv wlor,l l "XT'.. Count. ll'OO 111 illf OTflPPfV 111IR1-35 neiu oy ins congregation. u,A.mcic mv.u.v.., "" I -'. . "?- '" ""- -"r "" . l,.itnro Tnt s Polien has announcedservices were conciucteu at me grave ness in rans ior several yeuis, mwv " " ; ,, r V i rtAo-r;P1)if ,,,.,Cards are out announcing the mar- Mrs. Thomas is survived by her ing to Lexington, where he engaged that tne btate tsoaru oi Agricuiiuit-riage of Mr. C. B. Bastin to Miss husband. Mr. Cliften Thomas, and two in busines. He is survived by two chilAdelaide Clingman. both of Detroit, step-sons, Mr. Walter Thomas and , dren, Keller, pged twenty-five, andMich. The wedding will take place Mr. Clay Thomas, of North Middle-jjohn Wesley, aged twenty-three; andon the evening of January IS. Mr. town, one sister, Mrs. Pleas Hill, of the following brothers and sisters.Bastin is well known here, and fo Winchester, and two step-daughters, William Sauer, John Sauer, Mrs. Jas.several months was local manager for Mrs. Williafn Collins, of Maysville, andiDotv and I Irs. Ida Batterton, of Paris;the Bourbon Home Telephone Oo. Ii Mrs. Lucy Dayton, of ML Olivet. Mrs Mrs. Wm. Mayfield, Dayton, O., MrsFARMERS' INSTITUTE TO BEHELD IN WINCHESTER. papers of the United States long havp fared in about the same way, thoughbeen strutrelimr with conditions even tihe fact that it is not enough inter-was durinjr his stay here that he was Thomas was an aunt of Mrs. J. W.united in marriage to Miss Curly In King, wife of Patrolman J. W. Kingskor After leaving here he went U cf Paris.Detroit, and in the autumn of VJlo iWrs. Bastin died. Her remains were FRANCE.interred in the Millersburg cqiietcry j Mr ag w France, a well-known- Her funeral services was conducted and prchlinent citizen of Plemings,oy her pastor. Elder Clingman, of Be- b died at hjs home in that city attrOiU It IS Ills aaugiuer mat ia nuw n.ninni. curt,yr mnrnim?. nftora short illness. Mr. France had beenill but a short time, and while it wasasnoMason,Of. Aimity UOOge iVO. U. lliun mdiij ,. Tnnoo wn ihn fnfhor of Mrsmends about MHieisburg extend con- w Q Sa(ller wife of ReV- w. 0. Sad-Ashbrook, Elgin, Ills.; Mrs. ThomasRice, Maysville.The funeral arrangements have notbeen announced, but the burial willtake place in Lexington.to be tilie second bride of Mr. Bastin.Mr. Bastin is a devout Christian andRELIGIOUS.is entering the ministerial work in the knowil that lhis condition was suchChristian church. He is also a good . warrant apprehension, it was ilsoii, ami at one uiue wa a muu.uc; ;Ul0Ught the end was so near.Amity Lodge No. 40. Their many France was the fatheThe States Farmers' Institute will be more difficult than those their foreign ested in the matter to make a propercontemporaries face. report of vital statistics rises a pre-We note that the New York Globo sumption against it"has informed advertisers: "On ac-l Accepting the figures of the Saturcount of the limited supply of whit day Evening Post, the year now appaper the demand in the United proaching its end shows the best renStates seriously exceeding the supply ord of any as to the Nation's death,had decided upon the time and placOn alternate years the institute isheld at Frankfort. With the assumption of all agricultural extension work the Globe will be forced, at least rate.by a committee of University of Ken- temporarily, to limit the amount ot ad-- The figures of the International Retucky trustees, the county farmers' in- vertjsjng which it can print." In fa 'enue Department in Washington forstitutes have been abandoned, and the cilitation of llhat poiicy the Globe has the same period show a steady inState institutes is the only gathering ... , enrips nf rather strintrent 'rronsp in Tntprnnl Rp.Vfinne receints.The plan of work now fostered by rules. The New York city papers gen-1the Governor through co-operativo erally have made a considerable refunds is bv dfhionstration rather than (taction in the amount of white paperlectures and conferences, the iatte" used. Taken collectively, tney are cirawals from uonu anu increasea saiesbeing limited to local farmers' clubs printing about 100 less pages of read-. to dealers and consumers for the sani3for discussion of community Prolj-,ing matter than they were a year ago. 'period of time,lems and co-operative enterprises. In the central section of the coun-i Were our prohibition friends capa-try, under the leadership of the more ble of learning anything, these factsprominent papers, prices have been and figures should be highly discourag-SWAT 'EM NOW.The books of every distiller, brewer,wine dealer and wholesale liquor dealer in the country show increased witli-cratulatious.ler, pastor ofchurch. Rev.CELEBRATES TWENTY-SECOND I called to hisANNIVERSARY OF PASTORATE.! wnen jt Wasthe Paris Methodistand Mrs. Sadler werebedsile last ThursdaySadler having cancelled an...s.. tn .itr- nnrl in t.lo nillll; Midi". IV uirt jui i. mii ., . ".Dr. I. J. Spencer, pastoi of the Cei:tral Christian church, in Lexingtonand father of Mrs. William I.. Ardery. stallation of officers of the Knightsof near Paris, on Sunday celebrates pvthias at the Baptist church. Thihe twenty-second anniversary of his funeral will take place in Flcniingn-,pastorate with that church, l ne event mrs to-daywas marked by the delivery oi twospecial sermons, onevery generally advanced. Canada, that ( ing to their unsupported claims as to'supplied a considerable part of the, the accomplishments of prohibition.This is the time tor the housewife print pa(per used in America, can give On the one hand we have an enor-ruviiin- tr, Hip ih?pncp of Rev W O to fetch out the hy swatter ana gee no relief. jmously diminished deatn rate ana onSadler, who was in Flemingsburg, tto work on those old, dreamy flics j The Kansas City Star conoludes its ( the other a largely increased sale andwhere' he was called by the death of which are the bane of the well-heated ( "Scores of newspapers are likely to be ( consumption of wine, beer and whisky,his father-in-law, Mr. J. W. France, the hoUSe in winter. There is no reason put out of business. The others must I The prohibition agitators will meetdrastic .means for increasing these facts and figures with their usualtheir revenue or they must cut down evasion and misrepresentation, butIn either case the puo- facts, and especially government figjmust finally foot the ures, are stubborn things to deal with.i Sane people who are honest withthought that the coiuli- pulpit at the Methodist church was fill for letting these half-hibernating in f,n(iI.S -P tV.. nni.'nnf woe nln t Irtiiifr liof Cd bUlKlay mOoling UJ lte. W. -l-' , rnmnin with 11 nil Winter. laV- tlioiI ' 4 "- i.iw. ..w.. u..... ..D, ! ,i: e iu r. 1'uw v.... , . "'" .w.....-engage- aunt, oi uei ifaiuii. t"ltu.1 "l " " hig eggs and living on the fat of the, their service.& o"; "- or Ger b UA- Tb-y -o to be found .un He or eorSe,, mi . electric fixtures, roosting upon pict- bill."TAYLOR.Dispatches to the daily papers Sa-in the moraineon 1 ne t Our lilg L s. aim unc in uiucveninir on "A Look Forward Into the .Book of Hebrews." More than half or unlay told of the death in California'Br Spencer's life has been spent as .i ot Mr. Gibson Taylor, a former resi-j-ministpr of the GosDel. and the Cen- dent of Winchester, where he was a.iBIRTHS.ure rails; and in all the other numerous crevices about the house.THE NEWS is not sufficiently versthemselves will draw the conclusionGREAT POSSIBILITIES IN SILENCE that the nation is going along underconstantly improving conditions ofAt a tuberculosis sanitarium in sailitat;.jn ami sobriety, and while us-dmatics to be able to give' the exacr ' -Maryland a cuie has been effected TOore fre(jl k fe u,. butyy . , lX , . f r U ; with only unbroken silence as medt- . , .figures; but Uie slauguter of the win- inont Pniumn mm- not abusing.In almost every city the coloreded in insectology or the higher math-1HARP.John W. Throckmorton.. i, i t.i .,:.. tl.nter Hies in an nouseb woum ' f!W,flirw l.-pnt silpnf. f.ir a vear to frive'community a good start next spring, tl)e tjssues 0f hs vocal organs a death rate is substantially higher thanof when those which have wintered out'nhance t0 strengthen and thus resist the white. In a number of cities, in-- t u: :., ni.ur.nh mc nnro inn.-, nrnmiiipni aiinrnnv. :iiiii iar liiiiiiv ! . aut.doubled its niemberhip and has more vears identified actively with the bu Lexington, one of the best know a 0f doors, or in warehouses and like the spread of the tuberculosis infec- eluding Northern as well as Southernthan trebled its Sunday school under iness life -of the community in whicn former conductors on the Louisville v: places brjng forth their offspring to tion. He is now in good health. The towns, it is donble that of the whites,his ministrv He has held "more than he lived so long. t Nashville, is the proud grandfather ol contaminate the entire community .treatment is such as we should like to and in a feu, place3 mUch more thanTOne hundred evangelistic meetings Mr. Taylor, who was fifty-four years a fine boy born to Mr. and Mrs. Roger The numbel at all events, will be see prescribed by physicians ma double For all resistration cities moutside of his pastorate, in as many as old at the time o nis .deatn jns weu iiar ?. in - b-- - . ---;-- 8ufficienUy large to make interesting - ' uS rruiV "hich the colored population formedHie &tfl.UllU Villllll Ul L IIUIWWUUIU, ..lw 4J MIUUIU UIIMIU, - ln-vJW. .wwv. -. w- ,?. scoreof States, and has receive-l known in Paris, having married Missthousands of persons into the churcb Sarah Hanson, daughter of Mrs. Chas. been named Roger Harp, Jr,the winter extermination.KSIBANKRUPTHHHHHMUMSALiBought FromR. de V. CAROLL, Trustee ofMacDONALD-KILEY, BANKRUPTMen's High Grade M. & K. $ 1 O.OO and $ 1 2.00 ShoesON SALE HERE AT ONE-HALF PRICEA WALKGREATClearance Sale!' -l1111 1111 ll I11 W Ii (11 II IJi ll IJs l ll LJy 11 11Jy ll ll I vVii ii i vm 11 11 vll 1II JJ II AII Cs II Wi JL II lf mM(-(5uaAll short and broken lines must be sold at once.Prices marked are far less than the actual wholesale prices.Shoes Rubbers SlippersIncluded in this extraordinary value giving sale. The following arebut a few of the many bargains that await you here tomorrow:A. -C i.1. A Al J .- Aln hPinjr nnssihlv svmtomatic of grave- ten per centoronore ol uie tuiai ueaciL'complications. Scilencing the great rate in 1914 was twenty-six per.army of people with colds, who insisc thousand, against fifteen for whites,o ntelling how they got them, and as to the higher death rate amonghow they are trying to get rid of theai, (jie colored population, to which thewould be something, in fact much. Saturdav Evening Post draws atten-But we iook Deyona any umiutuuu .. .. . ,1llo , u niwav, hn4;UllAly U J V.V- vwof broncHiial or pulmonarj' disordersNow that we have heard of the curative power of silence, something inthe efficacy of which we have alwaysbelieved, no pent-up utica shall con-been, to the wretched habitations inwhich they live. This is especially trueof the cities where they are unfortunatelv crowded into the districts notLadies7 Felt Boudoirs, SI. 00 value, at 59cLadies' Felt Juliets, fur trimmed, S1.50 value, at 99cLadies Dark Russia Calf Lace Boots $3,95Ladies' Dull Kid High Cut Boots .'$3.49Ladies' Patent and Dull Kid Shoes $2.99Ladies' Patent and Dull Kid High Shoes $2.49Ladies' Gun Metal, Button, Low Heel $1.69Ladiei Dark Gray Milady Boots, all sizes AA to D, $9.00Quality, at Bargain Prices.Men' Tan and Black Romeos. $1.50 values, at v . -99cMen's Black Felt Slippers. . . .'- ". --49cMen's Russ and Platinum Calf English WalkOver, samples $4.50Men's Russ. and Plat. English Walk-Over $3.50Men's Gun Metal English, button and lace $2.99Men's Gun Metal, button and lace, good quality $1.99Men's Heavy Work Shoes, good quality $1.99 upT-3D.A.3STParis' Greatest Shoe Store.COHEN335 Main Street, Paris, 'Ky.tract our powers, but the whole bound- deemed desirable by whites.less continent of disease is ours. The That contains about the whole storyman who regales his friends with de- o a faiing death rate, for undoubtedlytails of his pains and aches; the one colored population of cities livesSvZm&STtf 'whEo under .esS sanitary conditions than tnofearful soul imagines fatal ills at any wnite..visitation of pain through which kind ! Of the million and a third persons-mature may be setting aright some ir- roughly who died in the United State3regularity in his system; all and sin-iast year, about one-quarter were un-igular the multitudes who die everyjg,. five years of age, and over twoday the death of fear, and who afflict nundred thousand were under oneUheir friends with their dolorous cries j probably. that at7ef the SLSSSSToZ nV11 rtac,s upon the death rate car .be most(have trained nurses set over them 10 successfully made; for tuiere is nosee that they take their medicine. doubt that an important part of the m-There is hope in the Maryland expe- fant deaths is prevantable.riment from more than one point of ignorance, not alcohol, is accountaview. If silence is curative, let it be e for tne large percentage of infanused on those who are really afflicted. tn d iuveniie mortality.If its compulsory use can be made todisband one great army of hypochon1 driacs, so much the better. St. LouisGlobe Democrat.Divide the family responsibilitieswith the older children, but do not expect them to use your head in carryingthem. These should make a sort oftraining school for the big ones thatthey will have to handle later.s-a.tSilJ&PlfllMk ffcw,,A"vyV..3L 'IfAoSIH1 hiTL(t7yyf!J3Sw7-7m oldKmgCoaLoldsouZ,WsJTndlma&eJtJio1rompole to poleWWMjWCOAL is the king of Nature Chief Engineerof the world's prpgresstoward comfort. For centuries the sun has been storing in the bowels of theearth the heat values wefind in coal. The qualitycoal we sell is impregnatedwith the proper caloric unitsto make a comfortable heat.It is the fuel for your family furnace.FOX RIDGEHot -Stuff. C. D0DS0N- - - .The falling death rate is a result ofsocial action, a strictly co-operativeproduct. This has been most vigorously applied in cities; so the deathrate, the country over, is but slightlvabove that of the rural districts. InNew York, in fact, the city death rateis lower than the rural.And yet, it is in the cities thatliquors, especially among the unsani-tary, are the more freely used.Every statement and all the figuresof the Post's item tend to refute thenrohibition asseveration that the inj creased use of liquor is the cause otincreased mortality.I The year's record shows just the(contrary greatly increased use ofliquor and enormously diminished mor-'talitv. From "The Bulletin."COURTESY OF THE EDITOR.Authors not infrequently get miffedwith editors who for one good reasonI or another decline to publish theirI "manuscripts. Perhaps the men of thequill are not quite so courteous as the'editor of a paper in Peking, China.who in declining a manuscript wrote.'Illustrious brother of the sun andmoon! Look upon the slave who rollsJat thy feet, who kisses the earth beIfore thee, and demands of the charityI permission to speak and live. "WeI have read the manuscript with delight.(By the bones of our ancestor -wei swear that never before have we en- ,countered such a masterpiece. Shouldjwe print it, his Majesty, the Emperor.I would order us to take it as a criterionand never again print anything whichwas not equal to it. As that wouldnot be possible before 10,000 years, all itremblingly we return the manuscript "'and be: thee 10.000 D&rdons. Samy head is at thy feet and I am tkshvr of thy servant" Biblical Ro-ord.-I Ifthamewspaercttka,,!!iO kttirv omll--i im m. hit kard tin .uJ 7"&Vr -. -ax . M. ,,, . .i"IIW1, AMfTUI n. U.JrXV