NEWS -wij. . ij- -.T4?PUBLISHED EVERY TUESDAY AND FRIDAY IN THE YEAR.VOLUME XXXVIIPARIS, BOURBON COUNTY, KENTUCKY, FRIDAY, MAY 11, 1S17THEBOURBONONE SHOTIS ENOUGH17012 IT RA ATl s&. u. ivn. xArmed U. S. Ship Fires OnSubmarine, Which SinksAfter First Shot OtherBulletins.jEW YORK, May 10. An armedAfrican Line steamer, which arrivedere from an European port, reportedthat her gun crew flred six shots at aGerman submarine off the coast of Ire-land on May 2. The undersea boat im-mediately submerged and it was impos-sible to determine whether any of the.shots took effect.The periscope of the submarine wassighted about! 6 p. m. and the Americanessel immediately swung around toafford the gunners as opportunity for.accurate aim. The undersea craft dis-snnonmi cinitoort0w- vitii tUv. ,. -ir of the first shot, it was said, amidid not reappear. The American shipthen put on full speed and proceededin her courseiPARIS, FRANCE, May 10. TheAmerican Embassy in Paris is receiving application daily from Americansin France asking permission to enlist,and manv offers from French and Belgian officers to come to America totrain recruits. Prominent and wealthyFrenchmen are offering their estatesfor the accommodation of Americanofficers and troops.WASHINGTON, May 10. Everypackage of mail delivered in the United States will be marked with advertisements asking the recipient to buya war bond. All vehicles of the Postoffice (Department will carry LibertyLoan banners as a pait of a nationwide advertising campaign.WASHINGTON, May 10. Giving in-formation to the public through the;uowopapcio uc icoi.-iv.Lcvi va, mi,self and the newlv created Bureau ofForeign Intelligence, says SecretaryLansing, who also stated that anyothor nffirinl whn im.ve nut information,l ou,uu. uy fcu-.v, uuL. ,wuauuuveying a criticism of the depart-it's nolicies should be dismissedits policies should be dismissed.convraontNEAV YORK, May 10. TheodoreRoosevelt, addressing the KingsCounty Republican Committee at aoanquei gien in ins nonor in irooK-lvn AvrVffl nntliiiKinsm liv nn nnrtpal., .. -ri-for patriotic devotion to the nation,and asserted that to delay sending mento the war theater would draw thescorn of America's allies.WASHINGTON, May 10. Officialwheat crop estimates announced show.V" ,u IT cTg a breadshortage the United States, un ess itcuts its home consumption, will pro-dnce only enough wheat this year tosupply its own population The winter,-wheat yield is declared to be the small-est in thirteen yearsWASHINGTON, May 10. Beginningto-day, the government will issue a ,aaily newspaper giving news ana an- ,antic coast aeronautical station here had closed down. They, too, were makxwuncements of all departments relat and was making a flight with Carey li. ing their way back hojne. They wereing to war preparations. 'Eppes, an army student aviator. allowed to go on their ways.The publication, known as The, Their machine collapsed at a height i Af the present time there is no goodOfficial Bulletin" will be issued under. of 3500 feet and both men fell to'excune for men to be loafing aroundthe direction oi tne uommituje u uu-lie Information and will be mailed,to all newspapers, commercial organi-j:ations or others requesting iL Post-ra&sters have been directed to post itdaily in their offices.A weekly bulletin also is planned as-Tocially for issuance to weekly news-papers which will be asked to copy as est losses in the past three weeks,nsany items as possible. Edward S. j jo reason for this is given out b'Rochester, former editor of a Washing- official sources, but it is plainly intivsa newspaper, is editor. , mated that considerable progress hasbeen made in the anti-submarine cam-WASHINGTON, May10. The de-aartmeiit is making every effort to ed-1L. ,.. io to n irrpniprwe o "corn meal for bread. Corn isTje ot corn meai ior uica7npriM,; biir crOD. but except in uieAmericas uifo iuy, uuv. - iKAnth it npvprhas suDDlemented wneattr- bread Department officials be- lion dollar ship building program. A .ftic noias count .L fnofmus turn to corn to re- bill will be introduced immediately to. The lady represented to Judge JanueTorshtme the shipping board $500,000,000 ary that early yesterday morning threeSues anTto be fed Tand Germany is to for construction of a great steel and droves of cattle belonging to these menAllies are to uu u auu , n floof tn -lin tp nPrmnn were driven no Pleasant street wltiiv. foi'V ucicaitu. ,PARIS, May 10. America's firstirmed force for the front marchedthrough the streets of Paris yesterday, jacclaimed amid tne,vMlrfQf demon-I illUJU uic .f,- i,oc witnessed ina1 o f?rTi-V UlUll VN ' J iyears.. . .. ... .1 ..!,Sixty men, clad in Knahj , m ---nnes ana Dean.L"enhey werelthTfirrt deuchent of the newly crc-dm first aetaenment on ."ir. r,nV'"ut'nw11 '10. The con-WASHINGTON, MayThanHnrp Roosevelt's expeT" "" ,"""""JEr.. .. .ip-mands o the,nm,nn5 nf thP The Senate amendment prohibiting room, the apartment win also De useu rue members ot tne omu ucu "' , - ---- --H,rmendmenT the sale of liquor at army camps and a8 a dining and assembly room, an im- first opening practice shoot at their out, bearing the names of John Rozon this amendment the sale o e morals of lprovement which has been long needed grounds oa the Tate's Creek.pike, near sell, recorder, and Roger Victor Harp,toe" S-S of me troops was retained. by the church. Lexington, yesterday. commander. 1iu acccuiii, m -"-House confereesthe Senate confereessoue degree byFORMER PARISIANFACED WITH ARREST.I Dispatches to the daily papers, underdate of May 8, tell of the threatened jarrest of officials prominently connect Ied with wrecking of the Pittsburg Lifeand Trust Company, to which Mr.Frederick A. Wallis. of New York, aTTnVZ K :.dent a short time as- The dispatchessay"Warrts for the arrest of three'more men alleged to have been coninected with the wrecking of the Pitts-burg Life & Trust Company, a $24,00V!000 life insurance corporation, wereswrn out by Horace D. Davis, Deputy-" ueuuiui ui remibyivama. ine a narrow escape from an assassin'se"mm5dflm 5?? f"? V JA bullet wh,,e raotorinS to Berlin, au aIlls- o the Fidelity Mutual Life la Zurich dispatch to the Corner d'ltaliaS"C f wi Vw asserted-nrst agreed and then declined J.o be- f An unidentified man fired three bul-come President of the Pittsburg com- iets at the Kaiser's car, two of thempany; J-S. Grant and George A. Nichol, striking the tonneau. the third going,Jr;; c New Kor'- ...wild. He was arrested.l ne arrests, is was announced, will t Tne dispatch said the police werebe made on the charge of conspiracy sllent on the incident.; aerraUu- During the day the follow-, The greatest precautions alwaysins men were ordered arrested on the have been taken to guard the Kaiseri tn f .! e T- 1 rrac"" - ;"" lttlc" r.uuoejc, ui" i orK, auegeu iu nave ueen inechief Pilomotor; Kellogg Birdseye, hi.-,son' treasurer of the Pittsburg Lifeunder the new control; Joseph tWatson, assistant secretary of theCommercial Trust Company, of Ne"York, who is alleged to have certifieda check of $120,000 for Birdseye, whohad no funds in the bank; Robert P.Moore, president of the CommercialIZZl ntZTlliam D- McQuesston and George Momgamery.S. K. NICHOLS PURCHASESA GOOD COLT., Mr. S. Kenney Nichols, of Paris, onWednesday purchased of Mr. W. li.Fizer, of Lexington, the good thoroughbred colt, Big Enough, by Transvaal-1Grace Dixon. He traded Mr. Fizer his Icolt, Brown Velvet, in the deal. Thecash consideration involved was not!.made public.NORTHWESTERN MUTUALUMn at' n-emewip. n,n c;o n,iR. F. Clendenm, Associate GeneralAgent for the Northwestern MutualLife Insurance Co., in this city, paidyesterday to Mrs. W. A. Walleil;::J . 7... " T " ' . - ' nnUnv$1,034.22, m full settlement of a policyand dividend on the life of W. A. Wal-several Republican Senators, who went0 Senator Warren, the only Repubii-n ara011g the Senate conferees, withxi i .i..i n i i i.i r n.-staiemenis mat iney imu voteu lor uifamendment only to square themselveswith the Colonel. 'FRANKFORT, KY., May 10. Goernor Stanley has appointed AdjutantGeneral Ellis distrihiitinc aeent for theconscription fund placed in Ws handsby federal governraent to recruitthe NatIonal Guard. He received biscommission Wednesday.NEWPORT NEWS, VA., May -victor Carlstrom, th3 first aviator tomake a successful flieht from Chimake a successful flight from'cago to New York, was killedheretay.carlstrom was instructor at the Ai-deat,hLONDON. May 10. A substantialdecrease in the number of sinkings bysubmarines in the last week will beshown in the forthcoming weekly re-port of shipping losses. In fact, it lstated, the report will show the small-paign.Leaders ofWASHINGTON. May 10of both parties in Congress at a con- Judge January yesterday for a warrantn.B.,,mf wncn nmmic.'of arrest for two Drominent Bourbonleruuue iui xicaiucnu .. t,.j:f:, v.11.eu to support uie auunuuaiiunvuoueu vrti6w ncu w - -nnrtPMPa blockade and the remainderof the unoney win newhenever needed.appropriated,WASHliMiTU.M, .May lu.-oumcicw,on the armv oni reacueu an ubicwuciuJxl. t rtrttnjiov ann rnH measure in uc jcuuhto-day ana mo mcaauic,i f tiio twn bonnes for confirmation-The amendment put in by the Sen-ate permitting Colonel Roosevelt toraise four divisions for service m'France was eliminated, as was another'authorizing the raising of three volun-teer regiment for border patrol duty.The conferees made tne age num. uito 40 in the House bill.The Senate aonendmentprohibiUngATTEMPT MADETHF IC AlSFRa ul iiniuuA.Three Shots Fired At KisCar By Unidentified Man, card photo, showing Fitz and Penningrp Ql, x. Ct TL ton' Pressed m tne navy blue uniform1 WO JllOt Striking Ine of the "jackies," standing at attention.onneau.ROME, May 10. Kaiser William hadA u- uuui "'M viy II 11 1UIU VI'from attack. WJien he is at the fronthe lives in a bomb-proof house, with,-.out any insignia thereon, by whichtile aviators might learn of his wheic-abouts.Circufltantial stories have told ofpecial precautions taken during kisfrequent automobile trips, such as anextra car made up to resemble a bag -gage automobile, in which the KaiseraCtUallV rides. While DreCedinSr it iS lllSW" aotomobile. 1U . a man re-sembhng the Kaiser seated inside.The newspaper Corriere d'ltaliathe clerical organ in Rome.isMODERN HOME AT AUCTION.If you want a new and modern home,figure on the Weatherall home that isto be sold on May 16. (11-2UPOLICE ARREST VAGRANTS,N ONE-DAY RAID.j In a personally-conducted raid on the.colored pool-rooms and other abidingplaces of colored loafers in Paris,Tuesday, Chief of Police Fred Link,assisted by Patrolman King, arrested,.,,' , . ., cthirty-two colored men, on a charge ofvagrancy.When presented in the County Courtseveral of the number .proved that tbey.. . . . ofhpJ . 1nnirni'worked at night, others were loo.nBgfop work;f and the rema!nder wereordered to get to work at once or goto work for the county.Farmers are offering the highestwages in years for labor, and complainthat thev are unable to secure farm. . ......laborers at tins time, when tliey areso badly neededLater on Chief Link interceptedthree colored men and two white menwho had alighted from a freight trainjn the Paris yards at the Louisville &MneViviiio TTrvrm mirino- fiiom ihcolored men told a story of how theyhad been induced to leave their homesin the South on a promise of securingwork at high wages in Ohio. TheyWe wfth Qth oq tWQspecial trains to Cincinnati, where theyWGre turned ioose on their own re-sources. The men managed to maketheir way back home as far as Paris.The two white boys had been workingin a factory in isortnern unio, wnicnthe streets of Paris. The demand for'men throughout this section is great,and almost every week repreSentative3frn thr ,t, hpr in qpj,roh nfmen tQ go to work Farmers are almostbegging for farm hands, and yet thederaand is greater than the supplv.WARRANTS TO BEISSUED FORSTOCKMEN.Alleging that droves of cattle driventhrough the streets without the proper'number of men attending them, aPleasant street housekeeper applied to-munv stook dealers, and one fromfromonly two little negro boys to attend-themone lurmer suiieu uiai. uie uctx-Itle ruined her youns: hedge fence ami!-,, h.- vrrnw thor nn nnmiint" .ol not imvnig enuuga men aiunB tu piv-l xi r -4. Jvvhl tuein num siiuymg.the warrantsi ihk mcu iui nnum uic nawaiin.were asked are well-known farmers,and stock Th9 warnmts willJprobably be issued and served to-dayor as soon as the men can be located,.WORK STARTED ONMEN'S BIBLE CLASS ROOMThe workmen started the brick lay-!.!.. 4j -, !,.:. ..! nr nino:ua. -rt.auc liuui uciug uocu a a a, uiuqjroom, the apartment will also be usedim-"AVAST THERE,YE LANDLUBBERS! 'THE NEWS is in receipt of a letterfrom Mr. Edward Fitzpatrick, formerlyan attache of the paper, who, with-W.0 Pennington and Edward Doty, all ofParis, are at the U. S. Navy TrainingStation at Norfolk, Virginia, as mem-- ,c -TllO lpHAr ics tinonmnnnloA Tiv n nnofrifles at side in true sailorman style.The letter follows:! Norfolk, Va., May 8, 1917."Dear Sir:"Tfr Vino honn nrniTMnor rlrvn'ri rnin oilday and we have had no drilling todo, so I am putting in the time writingto the folks back home We have justfinished our dinners, and every one ofthe fellows is praying that the rainmay continue, for believe me it's noj0ke to get out in a B. V. D. and apair of leggins and drill three hoursa day in this wind It is so cold tliathe wind goes right through you. It'scolder here right now than it was in0id Kentucky any day during the pasti winter."We were over on the bay yesterday,hos-'gojng through boat drill, and it was asight to see us shiver. The wholej Atlantic fleet is here. We could see thesaii0rs on deck scrubbing. They weret facing that icy Atlantic breeze, noflirts on, and barefooted. No doubt, they were used to it, for they didn'tseem to m'im the cold at all. Well, Irimee .to IfonhmLMr murrlinanbc will trnfplenty o Iresh air etore we get 1)ac,;,if it is any colder on the ocean than itis in Norfolk."I am sending you a picture of Pennington and myself. I look as if Icould eat the Kaiser with pleasure an'Icall for more, so don't let any personwith a weak heart see me. Wecouldn't get Doty in this picture, forhe had work to do in the mess halllast week. I wanted to get him in sowe three could be together, for itmight be some time before we wouldget to wear the blue uniform everyday."We sure do appreciate THE NEWS.I even read the Tanlac ads. Let itcome on regularly. Regards to everybody. "Yours,"ED. FITZPATRICK."GAME WARDENS MAYN0V WORK UNMOLESTED.State game and flsh wardens, whoseactivities have been hampered by soldiers guarding railroad bridges, maynow go about their work unmolested.At the instance of J. Q. Ward, executive agent of the commission, the WarDepartment has issued a general or- Mr. James W. Hopper, for many A bill, wheih will in all probabilityder to ipermit the wardens to cross years associate editor of the Louisville become a law. was finally approved inthe bridges upon presentation of their Courier-Journal, and one of the most the House of Representatives Wayscertificates. Another order warns sol- prominent men in Masonic circles in and Means Committee at Washington,diers about shooting fish. The sport the State, died suddenly Tuesday af- Tuesday, by a unanimous vote,has caught the fancy of the soldiers, ternoon at llord's Sanitarium, near The bill is one designated to -aisesame of whom have been shooting Louisville, after a short illness. $1,800,000,000 for war revnue. Thebass that came in close to spawn. Mr. Hopper was born in Nicholas proposed bill makes some radical in-county, Kentucky, November 28, 1839. creases in many lines, and will hit theFLOCK QUITS SERVICE He was educated at Millersburg and newspapers hard, especially. It willTO BUY MINISTER FOOD Bethany Colleges and attained a de- add $19,000,000 to charges against thegree of scholarship in both the classics newspapers of the country under theA sensation was created at the First an(j modern learning rarely accorded new system based upon the presentMethodist Episcopal Church, South, in to one man After his graduation in parcel post zones, and newspapersMaysville, when the pastor, the Rev. 1859 he became successively a teacher, would be required to pay five per centE. E. Jackson, 20 years old, announced a iawyer an(j newspaper writer, the on all advertising collections. The letto the congregation that owing to his last finely becoming his life work and ter postage rates would be increasedfailure to receive his salary he was in in whjet ie rose to distinction. from two to four cents, and postalactual want, hardly being able to stand Mr Hopper was the son of John cards from one to two cents. Moat ofon his feet from lack of proper nour- Hopper and Lucy A. Campbell Hopper, the new revenue would come from theishment. This so astounded his hear- HigN motuer was the daughter of John incomes, excess profits and inheritanceers that they forthwith began relieving Campbell, a revolutionary soldier and taxes and additional tariff duties, huthis wants and b t.ie time the services a sjster of Col. William Campbell, who the levies of the bill would reach manywere over the church looked like a was jn as the "Hero of King'3 other sources.i J ... V.- rnrrnlox . ...commissary uepui Linem. ui m ic6u"army.WESTER UNION TO.MOVE TO NEW QUARTERSManager McDonald, of th'e WesternUnion office, has closed a deal withthe Daugherty. estate for a five yea-lease, beginning June 1, on the busiling june i. "' ;ness room adjoining ine uaugiieiuyRris ' stand, and now occupied as a. .ibarber sho(p.The room will be remodeled and renovated, and will be fitted with up-to-date furniture and all necessary equip-ment for the transaction of telegraphicbusiness.ARMY COMRADES.The Maysville Bulletin says: "Mr.C. H. Meng, of North Middletown, Ky.,wno was in tne city iuouuu. vioiliiihis cousin. Mrs. Caldwell, called up his, Mr Tnhn w. "Roulden.J ' " , -, iiaSL evening, auu Live ujWjCvx . Fi x-A j. iL. -i 1 U.fl fnr cnn.;am unie at lub oeimai ". j. -i .ner. and in catlintr on Mr.uer. auu 111 uaiiuiK vii aix. Jv.D..wRobinson and other friends."FAYETTE GUN CLUBTO HOLD TOURNAMENT.The Favette Gun Club, which ha- .. ttmi rr St .....leased the grounds or tne win iou ouuniub near Austerlltz. will hold the' .. ..-... .1.1 -;i.. t.nTUAks'm.iiiUi . at c?t..i:..r. -rtt-U .first regular shoot of the present sea-nionajjiuv..The members of the Club held tneirfirst opening practice shoot at ineirME KNOWO999t9I!99Whether You Join the Armyor Stay at Home You Must99ooo909e99t9909999If you go to war you won't need our kind of suits, but ifyou stay at home you must have a Spring Suit from ourstore. Young men's snits that are entirely different . instyle, looks and quality$15.00 to $30.00Genuine Irish Homespun, real light colors and darkershades of tan, blue and green, Flannels made in fancysingle-breasted pinch back and the two-button doublebreasted patch pocket coat. Our clothes have individuality and style not found in other ready-made clothes.For the more conservative man we have the plain cutthree-button sacks jn many new patterns Worsted andCheviot Clothes. No matter how your size is long,short or stout we can fit your form.9I9Mitchell &NOTED NEWSPAPER MANDEAD !N LOUISVILLE.Mountain." His early schooling wasintermittent, though better than en-joyed by tmany of the children of hisperiod, and he was able to enter Mil-lersburg Collego when ne was 16 yearsold.After his .preparatory course at Mil-lersburg College, where he graduatedm 1809, ms conegiate career Nvasprophetic of the distinction he was to. Qc ,, Tn o,i,Kfinn to thei.im " ..... --required courses he took honors int-. i - r-i:t. .i Tt.ni;.-.u rencn, ueraiun, oyuiu aim xuuhlanguages and the literature of thesenationsC TT . 1 . .....f m. ,1 l 1 Xro iJ?ruauguier, niibb auu i,i a itn niwM TMimol"": "i01 vn "i in nxn riur m i i .inn ifi.iiiiu 1 in.The funeral took place at Lebanon...,, it. . K: , v.oyesieraay, uie bvi: ucus "of tne LiOUisvine masons auu xuiiuirpQtT,T1iQ- nnTrimnnflfiHes.A "i"" ww.WEBB COMMANDERY WILLGIVE DANCE TO-NIGHT.Several members of Couer de LionCoramandery No. 26, Knights Templar,of Paris, and their ladies, will go to- x a . : .1. . A - in 1 "Vi-k. rloTlPALexington tu-uigui. w atucuvx . v..and social session to be given in tnoMasonic rempie in mat city, uy Wcu-ixur. nopper is binviveu u u ,uu, no traceg j been f()Und Qf jMrs. Isabelle Johnson Hopper, to whom . Tne drculars offer a reward fif tyhe was married in 1872, one son, Mr.dollars fop Mr Ryan,s returQ or forLeo. Hopper, a well-known newspa- any information that would lead to hi(per man of Los Angeles, Call., and one recovery or to his whereabouts. He.1 l.l. nf! A ...... tTsvnn rt T nilia.- .... . xl 1 O. ;. flinlnnmf IVnrf Tin.lfV. ntlMA TIia Vaan.t.invitations io tne uaiue ueauus "".6""- '" UC81U1 ioo. j.u.u vkmuvu..... - ..emblem or tne oraer, nave uevu. "u.out, oeanng tne names ol juuu w -C Copyrijlht. M17iVkfecl. tent S, O.BlakemoreRADICAL CHANGES INPROPOSED REVENUE LAWANOTHER CASE OFMYSTERIOUS DISAPPEARANCE.Thf Pnris nnliPA nnrl tlio nrmntv an-hftriHps havr rpppvpf1 rimiiflra frnTnSherif John H CIark of Ma30Q CQUnoffering a reward of $50 for the re- ftf AT; T!mn.hv ' n wrf-: - .. ' "7 . ...tt-nnwn inrmor nt tna Aiatre inlr TMolnittrknown farmer of the Mavslipk vfr.fniK-whf) faas mysetriously disappeared.Mr Ryan disappeared from his homeWedneaday weekf leaving no intimation as to his destination. Since thenj described as follows: Abour fiftvyears om; has sandy mustache; greyipvps ahmif. fivA fPAt plchf anrl rvn.haf incheg ln helght; weigllt about,150 .pounds.Wore dark clothes and ablack hat.In addition to the reward offered,Mr. Ryan's family will greatly appreciate any information given them as tohis whereabouts. -,MT. STERLING ADDSRED CROSS CHAPTER..'A branch, of the Red Cross has beenu. f " s- u " 7iT mTwn'1ub !''":'. -" wsuiu9 jiU1. iV- VV. X3&1U11LUU. UlGVllMfm WUi tMheld. Tuesday and Friday of ck wk.i.- M. 3t'-js-c-wmSJwv v, ""&&yHJRfNv;nlPAGE TWOTHE BOURBON NEWS, PARIS, KY.YZXDJCT, MAT 11, lttf.T.TV RiKn I -r illimitable confidence in their ability toI DC OOUrDOn. ICWS volue horse flesh, that is, not destroyedUb!ished 188135 Years of Con- by many disappointments.tlnuous Publication.The lonely farm house does not wel-come the gypsies with their blackAltshed Every Tuesday and Friday. looks and swarthy faces. As the coun-5T Year... $2.00 Six Months... $1.00 tr' settles up, the people have less andPavable In Advance. less patience with wandering elements." ' Moved on rapidly by the police fromtown to town, their life can not be asSWIFT Cr:MP, Editor and Owne- poetic as imaginative people think.Probably in time most of them willbuy erroneous reflection upon thecharacter, standing or reputation otany person, firm or corporation whichMay appear in the columns of THEBOURBON NEWS will be gladly corrected if brought to attention of theeditor.settle down to settled residences.INCREASE ACREAGE OF SWEETPOTATOES IN THE SOUTH.ADVERTISING RATESWASHINGTON, D. C, May 9. Seedto plan an acre of Irish potatoes costabout $40 this spring. Seed sweetpotatoes will not cost more than $4 peracre where vine cuttings taken fromearly-set plants are used. The yieldof sweet potatoes per acre is usuallygreater than that of Irish potatoes andas a food they are as nutritious.Sweet potatoes may be grown throughout the Southern States and, of course,in certain other sections. Specialistsin the U. S. Department of Agricultureare urging an increased acreage ofthis crop wherever it can be easilgrown.Sweet potatoes, it is pointed out, arethe South's chief instrument for aquick and effective increase of the foodsupply. Seed is .plentiful; last year'scrop was the second largest ever produced. By means of vine cuttings itis possible to plant almost unlimitedDisplay Advertisements, $1.00 per areas of this crop and at the sameinch for first time; 50 cents per inch time conserve the present supply. Thateach .subsequent insertion. . i r. i inD0-nw wnnnr. in " '. is, a farmer who wishes to plant 10Reaa.ng Notices, 10 cents per line ... , , ,, , ,each isbue; reading notices in black acres w,n bed the seed enough sayiype, 20 cents per line, each issue. 8 to 10 bushels to get slips for oneCards of thanks, calls on candl- acre. Vine cuttings from this aerodates, obituaries and resolutions, and would iplant many more acres, plantsimilar matter, 10 cents per line. nigs being possible until the first ofSpecial rates for large advertise- August in the lower South. This sysmn,tS and, ,yeaJIy contracts. t wW , used , th s th en.The right of publisher is reserved , , .. ..... e i r u-to decline any advertisement or other ables the utilization of land from whichmatter for publication. early potatoes, cabbage and otherAnnouncements for political offices truck crops have been taken,must invariably be accompanied by Sweet potatoes are not expensive tothe cash. grow. The main limiting factor to the""" production of vast quantities by thisplan is labor. Yields from fields setw ith vine cuttings are as large as fromplants grown from slips. This methodhas the further advantage of preventing the transfer of diseases which arecarried on the tubers.Two Kinds of Inventors. J The South doesn't need to learn howAn event of national interest occur- to grow sweet potatoes, the specialTed the other night in New York, when ists 'Pinfc out- Farmers know how totfce Civil Forum presented a gold produce large yields of this crop. Butmedal to Thomas A. Edison. tne farmer must be impressed with.The world is full of inventors. But the necessity of increasing his acrecomparatively few of them are able to ase of this crop, and then, when harir&nslate their scientific ideas into a vest comes, to prevent the enormousthoroughly practical form. They are loss froim improper handling and stortypically a tribe of creatures some- in- The best wav to keeP sweet Ptiling like artists and poets. One tatoes is to store them in well-venti-thinksof them as wearing long hair lated storage houses, not "dugouts."living in squalid tenements, dreaming Storage houses should be made readyover half made machines, meanwhile as soon as possible. In Farmers' Bultfceir families live on their relations. ,letin 548 "Storing and MarketingThe inventor is not apt to be a prac-'Sweet Potatoes." instruction for buildtical business man. He may get his inS such houses and for converting oldidea into a practicable and working and unoccupied buildings are given.form. But he is as the babe in the '-woods when he gets down in the mar-,STRATEG,C R0ADS AREket among the business men. With MAPPED FOR GOVERNMENTchild-like innocence he trusts the Iplausible promoter. With faith that1EDITORIAL MUSINGS.humanity is as kindly a he has foundthe laws of nature, he subscribes to involved contracts In later years hwakes up to find that the traders andthe factories have gathered the cream,leaving him but meager leavings ofskim milk.It is rare that diverse gifts are concentrated in one man. When naturegifts a person with genius for creatingnew appliances, she is apt to leave himbereft of common sense in every dayrelations. The world is full of instances ot inventors wno conferred mesIn a telegram from its Los AngelesBranch the B. F. Goodrich Companyhas been advised of the arrest of aman who had applied for touring information and road maps, but was laterproved to be a German spy. His arrest was made on this charge and heis being detained pending a thoroughinvestigation.This startling development followedclosely upon the offer of the completeresources of its National Touring Bureau to the Government by the B. FGoodrich Company and has causedboth Goodrich and Government officialsI Mg m rat Wk!' M Iff ' m WkMfiriii txk ttlllfffjfllh,lll SfettSwSNV wv8?Aif " llik 111BK Tenty Million NHk IIIII Tires in 1917 IBk 11Wwlll United States Tires stand out unmistakably among v umuifjM that vast number.. ' Wm IIIJIJI Only service could give to United States Tires their Wwv vPfJjjj I universal popularity and tremendous sales, wVnv VlG'jjlllfjjljjl super-service which means to vou lowest mile- TCMVfiSm tlM ' agecost' ' warnI H highest anti-skid efficiency from all four anti- WWxWAWAvit sidds ' lipwill : HAWiis I Hi l supreme resiliency and elasticity. WuVwftvlwill ' VuUUhvj; The man who uses United States Tires knows WVV&$Wi ' WSSmJh and he has told what he knows about United A W 'Hull States Tires through vast sales increases, lUuluf that United States Tires are the tires of super- uM1III service. UUV1 SiA Tire for Etrj S ti J (.gL-A--, S rn UnUed SlatS T"b" lllmllNeed of Price and fij W g $88 ffl Z 1 K I W9 aud Tire Acc"so WttllSWI Use Wr B 8 8 &S SaL $ && 9 S $ && Have All the Sterling'Nobby 'Char.' A f0 Worth and Wear that ikUVRival Cord' JY i t $ffl UYGi Make United Stales f'Usco' 'Plain' ffW & !-VW 8i& Tires Supreme. lUUl,. , t , -. , i i i to iguard very closely the distributiontunable benefits on mankind, yet who ; , . . J .ijl iouu aim uLiiui 1UU11115 iihuiiiiiclliuu.With every important road in thedied amid scenes of poverty.Mr. Edison is not of that kind.HeTThU1 C4nAn rn 1 11 t TYi o "kTrrl 1rorhas had the supreme gift of taking U4"LWU ux. """r'to c(l(on.ifi, h.1c f ,tt o o,1 ged and guide-posted this Touringwv u..wUM.v "vuuio Ji. ww ofct "" ,United States Tires are carried by ihe following Sales and Service Depots who can tell you which of the fivetypes of United States Tires exactly suit your needs :ttMILLERSBURG GARAGE, MILLERSBURG, KY.so realizing them that they fit intothe kitchen and the picture theatreBureau has immediately available forGovernment use the most essentialand the factory. His humming factory i factor t!iat could P8Ibly be U8fd h) tion form a topic that is exciting theBOURBON FARMING CONDITIONS. TUBERCULOSIS COMMISSION TOWAGE VIGOROUS CAMPAIGN.The very unusual weather conditionsand their probable effect on vegeta-with 5,000 people dependent on a regular pay roll from his steady product,shows the many sided nature of theman.Gypsy Life.According, to statistics about 5,000people died in Kentucky of tubercu-the rapid transportation not only of interest of the farmers of the countv losis in 1916. twenty-one in thissupplies but troops as well. 'jn a yery marked degree. The timely ' county. By the observance of veryIn confirming, the reported arrest of. rains and the warm sunshine which simple rules of treatment a large mathe man charged with being a German marked the last few days of April jority of these lives might have beenspy, one of the Goodrich officials said have been followed by clouds, winds, saved, the cures, when cases are"We have for some time realized the hail and general gloom. Almost freez-' taken in time showing nearly 85 inimportance of the information which jncr temperature has prevailed, and the ' 100. To awaken public sentiment toIt is a perhaps general opinion that,our Touring Bureau has gathered for fear Qf frost, ice and snow has had the imDortance of combatting the dis-the last year or two has seen an un-'the free use of the .American motorist. a general depressing effect on the ease, the Tuberculosis Commission,usual number of wandering characters witli this point in mind, the depart- growers and farmers. Had the skies with headquarters at Frankfort, willrovamir aDnuE inn nonnrrv. imi man ,, .oc orm-m nob-e ocm mar o nvn . i j i .i.i ...,i..n.-ii.. i .men say tramps are very numerous. 'aDie to the Government coincident been frost.isanas ol gypsies nave oecome more wjth our offer of its services. This noti rplloro ?c om1 nf cllnt:hino fl wnrm consumption is no longer regarded asCommon. Innlv innllwlPK nil Itinns. mad IOCS and , . . . . n.. -, i n liocoQcarilv fntol fliRPHRA hilt is TnntTi. - i--, --- -pi" ,er i.o nRin tne cardRiis ana v-ww.j -v. ,?c curable and preventable. In this en-a Concerted effort WOUid be made Oy.omhrapne flip hrp nf niir flPPt nf motor ,, , .. , ,. ,,. ,... ,lflovnt. rifivona nf cvorv rlncQ nro lire.For Rent.Nice ground floor room in residenceon Pleasant street, near Tenth, convenient to L. & N. station and postoffice. Only desirable roomer wantedGas, bath, etc. Call this office.cleared there would undoubtedly have wage a most vigorous campaign toeducate the masses to the fact thatwarmwevLer to help the gardensFor Rentthe European governments to drive ' trucks and their crews who have beentChese wanderers out No doubt the'erecting guide-posts throughout the-ar has created poor picking for them United States during the past several 'earnestly hoped that the conditionsmay soon become more favorable.It is said that the tobacco plants are- s-4- l r - -- tis11 - r 4Vtsv "!- n 1 1vonrc T.iUp nil nf Hip nthP.r dP.nart. UUL "A"B " b '-" auuuiua lower 4pnt in this huze oreanization. the and that many beds have beeD- re" BHn Wbmi'suwu. in sluiiu pa.ru ui uie countyu-cross the water.The tramp community isrform of social organization. It is made !for.;i;HDe nf Hip Mntinnnl Tnnrincr "Rn--up of the dregs of the Miite races, of 'reau have been so enlarged that the according to farmers who were hered to help and Kentucky will no longersuffer from the fact that there aremore deaths from consumption in ityearly than in any other State, popu-Dr. "W. L. Heizer, executive secretary of the commission will gladly furmen who have been failures and are ' Government can use it to the fullest court day' cut worms have nade their information on the care andFOR YOUR CHILD'S COUGH.too indolent and irresponsible to feerextent, without interfering with its! any social obligation. Its utter moral services to the American tourists who. collapse is shown by the fact that are rightfully entitled to the informa-- tnere are so few women tramps. Even tion which it has been giving out.":lhe lowest forms of womanhood re--rolt from it.The gypsy tribes are composed of'certaifl. distinct races that have alwaysmaintained an identity of their own."While their ideas of law and orderare primitive, they maintain family lifeand look after their children, who areoften educated at good schools. Theyoften own real estate, where they settle down until the wanderlust comesover thejn.There have been many bright youngineiL among these gypsy tribes, who-displayed business ability. As fortunetellers they are wonderful readers oftli human face. As horse traders fewmen beat them. Probably it is herethat they make most of their living.There are a great many men who feeldipCcli ailUC, &t3t,lUl& III LI1U1I ueuuijwork on the garden stuff that hadcommenced to grow, and, in somaplaces utterly destroying peas, beans,lettuce, and even onions. A few daysof hot sunshine would put an end totheir depredations. itreatment of the disease and with theassistance of your physician insureyou of cure if it is taken in time anddirection are followed.GET RID OF YOUR RHEUMATISM.Here's a pleasant cough syrup that! From some parts of the county' Now ist he time to get rid of yourevery child likes to take, Dr. Bell's comes the report that there is a fairly rheumatism. You will find Chamber-Pine-Tar-Honey.If your child has a g00d promise of a good yield of apples, lain's Liniment a great help. The redeep hacking cough that worries you cherrieSf pears and other small fruits. lief whch it affords is alone wortheive mill ulDC".nL'7-"uu.clf' Peaches, damsons, grapes and plums ,"""1J ....-the soothing jpme balsams relieve the ... .... , 7 , T4!couch, loosens the phlegm and heals wlU llkely Produce but sma11 cr0D- ulthe irritated tissues. Get a bottle to- seems to be tne general opinion that J gome men are so self-confident that(may-adv)day at your druggist aud start treatment at one. 25c.(may-adv)it would be little short of the miraculous if any of the fruit buds escaped the deadly blasts of the "dogwoodwinter' which has been unusual inA great many soldiers in the army its duration and severity,of the unemployed seem to think it dis-. m. . . . ,honorable to desert and go to work. ' The wheat crop Presents a muchbetter appearance and prospect, thanMany a woman's idea of the truth is it did several weeks ago. Much ofthey are unable to distinguish betweena cheer and a jeer.Nice cottage on Winchester street,Just across L. & N. tracks. Conveniently located.FIRST NATIONAL BANK.(3-tf)For Rent,Three nice rooms, with electriclights and gas. Call at115 DUNCAN AVENUE.(3-tf)For Rent.Wanted.One hundred barrels of corn. CallI. D. THOMPSON,Climb. Phone 628,UO-tf) Paris, Ky.Wool Wanted.We are in the market for your woolGet your sacks at the IndependentTobacco Warehouse.(1-tf) CLARK & YOUNG.Hemp Seed For Sale.Good cultivated hemp seed for sale.Call or writeSTANHOPE WIEDEMANN,,(10-tf) Route 8, Paris. Ky.Nice 4-room flat with water, gas andelectric lights, over Cabal's BarberShop. Most convenient location inParis. Apply to(tf) CAHAL BROS.Stenographer.Mrs. James Moreland desires to re-imind the general oublic that she isstill engaged in stenographic work,and that her expert services are at thedisposal of any one desiring expertwork in stenography. Call Cumberland Phone No. 278. Residence, Pleasant street, between Ninth and Tenth.(4-tf)For SaleOne set of dining room furniture, inflrstrclass condition. Call HomePhone 96, Paris.LOSTFor Sale.Several used automobiles. TheseSomewhere on the streets of Paris, . cars are all in good condition and cannn "Ct-irtatr a hlnflr hnr nin TTiTirtpr 1 1c Virntrrtif TcVit fry vooVithe disagreeable things she hears the wheat ground has been plowed up please return to THE NEWS office. blCKERSON & DOUGLAS GARAGEaim yu. m win. buuaDie rewaru. j lis-ujNotice To the Public!about her neighbors.I will pay this season the nighestprices that have ever been known inParis for horse hides, beef hides,heep pelts and fur.I will also pay the highest marketprice for Rags and Paper. I will sendafter it any place in tha oltrr. railby Cumberland phont 374. Offlc oaEighth Street(20-oct-lyr) MAX MUNICH.rv"Jk"'. -vnr- -if ; ''rir' -XjmiDAT, MAY 11, 1917.THE BOURBON NEWS, PARIS, K.PAGE TBRWI1IHe used a pebblein his day to keepIlls mouth moistH Jftj It Fa. frf""l JWii- M7H KrtViW 'iX'NW.WWWWVUWHM'AW'VySF uravwisIf . titermyisMi wti ir'FX Bt.nViXh . il2'"rwi" ,EVfc ; 8Ufc? HBfcslaQci a s' CAVG) US il JKIsIWRAPPED 11,N ftp If.VSSWllSBW1 ?'WMKrtiKI A rv.gi'2wholesome, antiseptic,refreshing confection totake the place of the caveman's pebble.We help teeth, breath, appetite,digestion and deliciouslysoothe mouth and throat withthis welcome sweetmeat.The Wriglcy Spearmen want to send youtheir Book of Gum-ption. Send a postalfor it today, Wm. Wrigley Jr. Co.,1752 Kesner Building, Chicago.The Flavor LastSOCIAL AND PERSONAL.Comings and Goings of OurPeople Here, There andElsewhere.Miss Ethel RyLes, has returnedfrom Georgetown, where she has beenon a (professional call.Mr. John D. Hildreth, of JerseyCity, N. J., is visiting relatives inParis and Bourbon county.Mr. E. M. Wheeler had as guestseveral days this week, his brother,Mr. Fred Wheeler, of Indianapolis,Ind.Mrs. Jos. Ecton has returned toher home in Winchester after a visit tofriends and relatives in this city andcounty.Mr. and Mrs. R.M. Hopkins andson, Robert, of Covington, are guestsof Mr. and Mrs. Thomas Helm Clay,on Eighth streetMiss Edith Hancock, who' has beenill at the home of her parents, Mr. andMrs. H. H. Hancock, on Main street,is slightly improved.Mrs. Harry Collins, who underwent an operation at the Massie Memorial Hospital, in this city, Monday,for appendicitis, is on the road to recovery. iDr. W. C. Wilkerson, who has beenvery ill for some time, is slightly improved. His sister, Mrs. E. C. Fox, ofWinchester, has been with him part ofthe time.Miss Mabel Bartlett has returnedto her home in. Winchester after apleasant visit at the home of Mr. andMrs. Horace Bartlett, in Clifton avenue, this city.Mr. Oscar Johnson, of Winchester,who has been a patient at the MassieNO MORE DIZZYSPELLS FOR HIMVersailles Gily Collector SaysHe Feels Much Belter.EATS HOT MINCE PIE"I don't know of any one aroundhere who has got better results out ofTanlac than I have, and there are a lotwho have used it. too," said M. N.Dean of Versailles, Ky. ne is citjcollector and truant officer and wasformerly a deputy sheriff."H used to bo that no matter howlittle I ate it would keep me awakenearly all night with a sour stomachIn the morning I would feel almost astired as when I went to bed."Much of the time I had a bad tastein my mouth, and I was bothered withi?as on the stomach. Sometimes I hada sort of smothered feeling. Up tothe time that I took Tanlac it was almost a daily occurrence for me to havedizzy spells."My wife suggested that I try Tanlac. and after the first week I couldeat things 1 didn't dare touch before.In a week I ate half a hot mince pieat once and had no trouble from it.t 1 1 M It 1 1"I"4'I"I-I"W"l"I"l-H'I"I-I"I'i'H"I-I"I"H.H fHH 1 1 111 i 1 1 IfrSPECIAL!Ladies9 Black Kid, White WashableKid TopLadies' Brown Kid, White Washable$ Kid Top$5:95Regular $8.00 ValuesWe have about 30 pairs of bothwhich we are closing out. Comewhile we have your size.IE?J"VlVU ifMemorial Hospital, in this city, for! Cheese, too, I could eat, something Isome time, is improving. Mrs. Johnson has been wTith him this week.Mr. and Mrs. James Anson Squiresleft Tuesday for Richmond, Va., to reside. Mr. Squires, who was one of theauctioneers on the tsourbon TobaccoWarehouse Company's floors the pastseason, is interested in the tobaccobusiness in Virginia, with headquarters in Richmond.Mrs. Thompson H. Tarr will benosiess to-morrow aiieruuuu ul two; other exclusive agentso'clock, at her home near Paris, to the towns are as follows:members or .Jemima jonnson unapier, HUTCHISON, Snell & Wood; MILDaughters of the American Revolution. IleRSBURG, W. G. Wadell; ELIZAAmong the .guests expected to attend .BETH, Oscar Smith; CARLISLEtne meeting is me oiate iiegem,, m a. , Trueman & Son; GEORGETOW.., C.Ell Boone, of Paducah, Ky., who wilH .Arnold; WINCHESTER, Duty Drugdeliver an. address. The program will v,mimi,v. attcjtpirt.ttt: -r r -Parj comprise a number of interesting fea-,rjgjutures. m tIWU1C1 ICJaUHttJO JIM. . u.tD Jjhad always avoided."Now I eat anything I want andsleep naturally, getting up in the morning feeling really refreshed. I shouldhate to think I could not get Tanlac.although I haven't taken it for a littlewhile now."Tanlac, the master medicine andreconstructive tonic, is sold exclusively in PARIS by Varden & Son.in nearbyANNOUNCEMENT.We are authorized to announce th.3gckH Democrats below as candidiateswdtiha Democratic primary on August4, 3J17. to fill the offices to which,tne aspire:FOR STATE SENATORLEE W. WAINSCOTT,Clark County.GEORGE HON,Clark County.ABRAM RENICK,Clark County.FOR REPRESENTATIVE.C. M. THOMASFOR SHERIFF.WILL G. McCLINTOCK,W.J, Boo Marshall and Bob Gilkey asdeputies.L. A. SOPER,Witk D. E. Clarke and L. C. Ashcraftas deputies.FOR COUNTY JUDGE.GEORGE BATTERTONt c a. McMillan.FOR COUNTY ATTORNEYDAVID D. CLINRCOUNTY SUPERINTENDENTSCHOOLS.J. B. CAYWOOD.MISS MABEL ROBBINS,OFFOR JAILERGEO. W. JUDY,THOS. TATJL,JOHN H. DOTY.WALKER RISER,C. T. MASTERSON,W. O. BUTLER,JOHN W. KING,J. W. HART.AMERICAN HIGHWAY ASSOCIATION ROAD-BUILDING EQUIPMENTB. S. Par(adv.)GOVERNMENT NEEDSWILL ONE OF THESE SHIP DRAFTSMEN.BE IN YOUR WINDOW?The Navy Department is in urgentThat everybody may know from need of ship draftsmen at the severa'which homes men have gone to serve navy yards and in the department attheir country in the Navy, and as an Washington in connection with: reinspiration to others to follow, there cently authorized construction of warhas just been issued from the press of vessels and to facilitate constructionthe U. S. Navy Publicity Bureau, a already begun;HARRY LINVILLEI''I'44!'T''y3e"IT'!'''I'I'4NEW ORLEANSRound Trip ttr- ff.3Jm3mJJFareFromLexingtonVIAa"Southern Railway System. Tickets on sale, May 11, 12, 13; 14, 15 and 16; 1917Final Return Limit to reach Lexington, Ky., prior tomidnight of May 31stExtension Privilege By deposit of ticket not later thanMay 31st and payment of $1.00 at time of deposit.Final Return Limit Extended to reach Lexington, Ky.,prior to midnight of June J 5th.Tickets, train service, Pullman reservations and detailedinformation regarding extension privilege on application.City Ticket Office, 118 East Main St., Telephone 49.H. C. KING, Division Passenger Agent, LEXINGTON, KY.M-IH" HlHWtH"H-HtHlfHtttHHlMlllllfNow is the time when road commissions and contractors are givingparticular attention to overhauling andpurchasing equipment for the work ofthe current year. The taxpayer rarely iappreciates what an important influcard with the following inscription:"A Man From This House isNow Serving His Country At TheFront in the United States Navy."Ir the upper corner of the card ap-Citizens with this special trainingare urged on patriotic grounds to usej their knowledge fwhere it will be ofmost value to the Government.Applicants are not assembled for anence the use of the most equitablepears the impressive seal of the Navy, examination but are rated upon thewhile below a space for the signature elements of (1) physical ability, andof the Commanding omcer. (2) education, training, experienceOMr owlc nro nniv hPinC mailed, orwl nlilHfv oc ehriwn hv tliPfr nnnlf.equipment for a given rogd now has . . .. . tho nnnrmM, seamen at t?nnC nn,i pnrrnhnmtivp pvirlpnupon its cost and he sees very ""11 Naval Training stations, and they Applications will be accepted at anyJL U1D CliUipLUCUl,,111 141U -DUL W1UU ... 11Qii ronoVl pvnrv Tlinil in the tima A nnl I no 1-1 1 a will Via frivtm n mflTIfwages for labor mounting steadily to After be, siged and dis. ag s0(m as Uielr applicatIons are re-unprecedented heights and workmen ...,, .. nro . hp n:ip,i home r,i k u tto cffoC nivii sPr.hard to obtain even at these wages, J . -.-a of the vW pftBini,qBnI1. nd ina who are. .. 2 ,M -,. M4-4.t4-Xn 'Uliu i " w. w - ww -wv - ww.w, ---.. -equipment ib receiving muie auuuuuliMini oo o m.. f hnnnr nR Wpii a., - -, ,. . m . '1IUIIOC tlO Ck l"" V- .v..w.,man ever oeiore ana me investment . ... i.i nr Atxr tn thoa CUIlotUIlL iimmici vt uui-j wr ..w mem, UL uiict:.found qualified will be offered employ-in it oy me average commiion u.m mQn who aUU ne3itates in the . Information as to requirements forcontractor is being made more exten- Je , .. nnntrx.,c Ooii fnr men. if,.o, cioWoD n nn anniiMttnnsively than in previous years.face of the country's call for men.entrance, salaries, etc., and applicationblanks mav be obtained from thesion, Washington, D. C, or at theNew York's decree that any person p , PnctnffirPfound guilty of driving an automobilewhile intoxicated will be sentenced to proper FOOD FORa year in the penitentiary and a fineof $500 errs only on the side or leniency. It should be five years in thenentitenitarv and $500 fine. A privateWEAK STOMACHSThe proper food for one man may boall wrong for another. Every oneZnTtZ rMnh wmiid nermit an ir- should adopt a diet suitable to his agacorporation which would permit an ir nfiHnTi. Thnsft who haveFOR ASSESSORWALTER CLARK,af Paris, with Jno. J. Redmon, of NorthMiddletown, as deputy.GEO. D. SPEAKES,of Paris, with Lee R. Craven, of LittleRock, at Deputy.FOR MAYORJAMES H. MORELAND.W. O. HINTONE. B. JANUARYThe reason for this is, primarily, pENAL,z,NG DRUNKEN DRIVERS. iUnited states Givil Servlce Commis-Hiof frtol wrTir b ctrmip1 niir nlnnrr . i ..such a long line, instead of being concentrated as in a shop or in buildingoperations, that the supervision needed to secure efficiency with poorlabor is almost impracticable. If amachine will take the place of a gangof men for unloading cars it can beplace in charge of a competent manwith confidence that the unloadingwill bp done properly, even withoutcontinuous supervision. If mechanical traction Is substituted for mulesand horses in places where it is suitable, the odometer records, time cardsand delivery records tell the superintendent at once whether the haulingis proceeding as it should, and he hasnone of the worries which beset theman responsible for the condition ofa large number of animals andwagons, not to mention the teamsters.DON'T LET YOUR COUGH HANG ONEverybody KnowsTelephone 2585HendricksLexington, Ky.All Metal(Higgins Mfg. Co.)Window ScreensH2SLWeather StripsWALGER AWNINGSnnH nomination. Those who haveresponsible person of this class to .. iUoperate dangerous machines, run a carefui ana should eat slowly andtrain, manage a boat, an elevator, orimasticate their food thoroughly. It islmvfi charee of anything where ne aiso imnortant that they keep theircould' endanger the lives of other people, would be guilty of criminal negligence. Under the "Safety First" policy of most large companies irrespon'le individua.1 are being eltain j "?Sy to1bowels regular. When they becomeconstipated or when they feel dull andstupid after eating, they should takeChamberlain's Tablets to strengthenmove the bowels.fmm imnortant positions. For anyoneto permit such person to drive an automobile is also criminal neglect, andthose guilty of it should be severelypunished in the only way they can bepunished, i. e., by depriving them oftheir liberty and their lucre. Auto-- . . i t. n sv Atiniitrn tii : iihwka rmrii tiijif mniTR an weaicens lsimoDiunK nu uuuc cuwut, wdangerous, it undermines your health j for without being responsible for theand thrives on neglect. Relieve it atlntam car drivers, whether chauffeurs or owners matters not. American Motorist.Theyeffect.easy to take and pleasant in(may-ad v)BestlScreen Doors and Windows InThe World.Window and Door Equipments.T. A. HENDRICKSLEXINGTON, KY,FOR POLICE JUDGECLAUDE F. REDMON,J. W. BROWN,P. A. THOMPSONHARRY L. MITCHELL.ERNEST MARTINonce with Dr. King's New Discovery.This soothing balsam remedy heal3the throat loosens the phlegm, its. antiseptic properties kill the germ andthe cold is quickly broken up. Children and growns-ups alike find Dr.King's New Discovery pleasant totake as well as effective. Have a bottle handy in your medicine chest forgrippe, croup and all bronchial affections. At druggists, 50c.(may-ad v)KING CORN.Automobile Hearse or Ambulance!I desire to announce to our friends that I can, wheredesired, furnish an automobile hearse or ambulance. Thismethod of transpertation is especially desired on long trips,the same being made in better time, and at no advance incost over the horse-drawn conveyance.6E0. W. DAVIS, Funeral Director.C . rAlJn ill AAlr AVi-ni, summer vutus iicoivw'" EZfc-l;nKvar.at.tm.f.mMiCXiiMt5nJA tscuPnecSOCu,They are even more d&nf erous tham wintercolds, for they hang on so long that they become chronic catarrh. Heat and dust aggravate them, cause the infected surface tospread, and fill the body with systemic catarrh. Neglect costs health and energy.PERUNA EXPELS CATARRHIt does more it builds up the weakened system, regulates the digesting i removes hTinflainmation, overcomes the poisons of catarrh, and invigoVSSafover. Forty-four years of access proves its great value, ofwhich thousands gladly testify.Ammfc the verdict of two generation yoaraelf . Don't be fwayed bypwiSJWSdthtf.tittkB. Take Peruna and get wdl.Uauidortalfonn,whkbeveristhemoreconvemieht.-Cl fcr, OfciIt is stated uy a writer upon uisubject of food supply that this country cannot be starved because of itstwo great crops, corn and cotton. Wehave a molpoly of cotton, and cottonqped Drovide a valuable oil in suchj quantities that its food value is enormous. Corn supplies rood and reeu,and from it can be made a large supply of sugar in the event of the cuttingoff of the sugar supply from Cuba andHawaii. Sugar beets and sorgum alsocan be made to contribute to the sugarsupply, and if it should become necessary sugar enough to feed Americacould be produced in this country.Corn is the great food crop, and thisyear every foot of ground not employedotherwise, and suitable for corn,should be planted to corn. Every littlestrip of fertile soil along the Kentuckyriver that is not subject to summerfloods should be made to produce itsquota of corn. Valuable pastures "willof course, remain pastures, for stockraising is just as important in Ken-RUBY GLOSSFurniture PollsliWORLD'S BESTDUSTS, CW2AXS,TOIilSIIESTour Furniture,Piano, Woodwork,Automobile, Finished Floors, and allVarnished Surfaces.Clear, pure andfree from any pum."Will not gatherdust, as it gives ahard, dry, brightdoss: a brighterlu.stre than wax andeasier to use.FOR FLOORS USEHaudervsCectrQl,IT'SGuaranteedTo give entire satisfaction or yourmoney willbe refunded.THE J. T. HINTON CO.(April 27-tf-F),iiiilroiicmng noP:..,Special AttentionIs Called To Our. Pretty Display OfSUMMER DRY GOODS,DRESS GOODS, SILKS,LADIES' SUITS, SILK SUITS,SILK SKIRTS, COATS, WAISTS.Handsome Display ofLADIES', MISSES' AND CHILDREN'STRIMMED HATSWE GIVE BLUE STAMPS. Call in. We are pleasedto show you. We are reasonable in price, and will saveyou on your purchases.twin Bros. Department store$(Wih ,m IMN 51$. FuH, KentKCftfMImm rt'tuckv as corn raising..V, , -J 'rAttE FOURTHE BOURBON NEWS, PARIS, KY.FRIDAY, MAY 11, 1917.:wThe Bourbon NewsEstablished 188136 Yearstinions Publication.of Con-Bubllshed Every Tuesday and Friday.Per Year... $2.00 Six Months... $1.00Payable in Advance.SUNDAY SCHOOL INSTITUTETO BE HELD IN PARIS.W. C. T. U. MEET AT LITTLE ROCK REPORT OF THE MILLERThe annual convention of the Sev-& LILLESTON LOT SALE.A large crowd attended the lot saeA Sundav School Institute of the" enth District Womens' Christian Tern-FranRfort District of the Methodist Perance union opened its sessions in ,in the old Fair Grounds Aaauion,Church, South, will oe held in Pars,-the Christian church at Little Rock. Thursday afternoon, held by Miller &May 23 and 24, at Methodist church'. this county, last night at 7:30 o'clock, L.illeston, with George D. Spekes aucThe Institute will be composed of the witn a large number of delegates and tioneer, officiating. The sales weredelegates, Sunday School Superintend- visitors in attendance. made as follows:pnt? nastors offipprs and teachers Tne district, of which Bourbon coun- No. 1 Fronting on Clintonville pike,tWIFT CHAMP, Editor and Owner, jfrom Paris, Millersburg, Hutchison, ty a part, was represented by dele- opposite H. A. Power, to W. . Bran-I Georgetown, Frankfort andi ML Hope sates from every section, all of whom nock, for $200.Tho Tnctitnfo -n-in Ua nrpoidftri nvpr nad. a place on Uie program. Mrs Lot No. I Opposite i. a. rower, auBIRTHS.Scrap Iron Wanted.I am .paying fifty cents per hundredfor all kinds of scrap iron. Not leathan 1,000 pounds. This material canbe weighed at any city scales. This isto be delivered to the cars on the LoA beautiful little daughter weigh- isvine & Nashville tracks, opposite theing eight pounds, arrived Wednesday frejgn depot.Call us over the Cumoerland. 'phoae347-J.at Norton's innrmary, louisviiito grace the home of Mr. and Mrs.itichard Ramey, at Eminence. Mrs.Ramey, was formerly Miss ElnoraThe little(Entered at the Paris,Poetofflce as MailSecond Class.)The Institute will be presided over "u a P";e on uie program, mre . iot ino. uppusito x. v. wf Bosworth of MiddlesboroKentucky,! by Rev. C. F. Oney, Presiding Elder of Julia R. Gunn, of Lexington, the pres- joining No. 1, to Albert Brannock, for chrigtened jMatter of thethe Frankfort (District dent, presided, with Mrs. uena blian- $195.The following nroeram will be carri- non, of the same city, as secretary. I Lot No. 3 Adjoining No. 2, and oppoett- out: . The meeting was opened with devo-'site H. A,Wednesday Evening, May 23. 7 : 30 , tional services, reading of the Script- $220.p m Prayer Service. jure lesson and prayer. The opening Dot No. 4 Adjoining No. 3, and op-8:00 p. m. Address, Dr. C. D. Bulla, 'Part of the program proper was devot- posite H. A. Power, to John Shine, forof Nashville Tenn ied to a medal contest, by the pupils $222.Thursday Morning, May 248:30 a. of Mrs. Ada D. Reid's class, the sub-l Lot No. 5 Fronting on Clifton AveM Prayer Service ' 'jects and Uie speakers being as fol- nue, to Mrs. Hannah Butler, for $100.9:00 a. m Rev. T. W. Watts, of lows: "A Little Child Shall Lead Lot. No. 6 Fronting on Clifton aveFrankfort ... . jThepi," Miss Rowena Nee; "Jeremiah 'nue, and adjoining No. 5, to Dr. H. M.9:30 a, m. Elementary Work Miss and His Pa," Miss Anita Hinton; "The" Hamilton, for $205.in;,on., Dnii.i ii at nn Ti..r nr .vin. i r nt iM r 1 in nrrnn nvHiiue. cinu."Guilty or Not Guilty," Miss Mabel 'adjoining No. 6, to Mrs. Kate O'Con-Ammerman; "His Written Sermon,"' nell, for $205.Miss Fay Duvall; "The Liquor Traffic! Lot No. 12 Facing 60 feet on MainShould Be Outlawed," Miss Nora May I street, running back 325 feet, sold toDuff. After taking an offering the con- James Moreland for $995.vention closed with the pronouncing of Lot No. 13 Facing 40 feet on Mamthe benediction, to reassemble this street, running u leet io an uuj, .one has been christened Frances Bos-MAX MUNICH,Eighth Street, Paris, Ky.(oct20-lyr)worth Ramey, after MissFrancesmaid ofl"B A u "'"-"" "f r.hnmnp. of Paris, who wasi- i Tl, CTViivm fn -w. - tr fr-OWtJr, LO JUUii oumc, M . . xHq worl.cr nnH tha mfrtHlpU.JUJl UU UlU 1I.UUAU, U.UU WW u.v...wfrom SundayBible Clas'jREMEMBER "MOTHERS DAY."Sunday, May 13, is "Mother's Day."and will be observed by the SundaySchools and churches of Paris in themsual manner. vEvery one is asked to jgo to bunday bciiool and churcn in Miss Minnie E. Kennedy,honor of mother. The officers anal 4 . 15 p m Adjournment,other workers of the Men's Bible ClasMinnie E. Kennedy.10:30 a. m. ReportsSchools.11:00 a. m. WesleyWork Dr. C. D. Bulla.12:00 Noon Recess.Thursday Afternoon, May 24. 2:00p. m. Prayer Service.2:20 p. m. Teacher Training WorkRev. J. E. Moss, of Georgetown.I 2:45 p. m. Teacher Training PlansMr. C. J. Nugent, Field Secretary,j 3:10 p. m. The Wesley Bible ClassFederation Dr. C. D. Bulla.3:40 p. m. The Gradedmorning, when the following programwill be observed,mg,Lessons llersburg; appointment of Committeeson Courtesies, Credentials, Resolutions, Literature; Reports of the DisItrict Recording Secretary, Mrs. Renaof the Paris Christian Church desire to ALLEGED BOOTLEGGER ARRESTED Shannon, Lexington, Correspondinghave an attendance on "Mother's Day ' . j Secretary, Mrs. Sarah Graves Clark,that will surpass the "Go-To-Sunday-i Charged with having liquor in his. pos-j Treasurer, Mrs. Clara McDonald.School Day" record. 'session for the purpose of sale in local , Hutchison; President's greeting, MrsThe custom of observing one day option territory, George Willis, alias'. Tulia B. Gunn, of Lexington; Hourin the year in honor of our mothers is George West, colored, was arrested by, with the local unions: North Middleopmmendable, and should be a great Patrolman Geo. W. Judy, Wednesday ' town. Mrs. Gertrude Henry; Millers-TT i.. ,. - i .1 1 '.'. -,.. -w - -r.-l ,...aiteraoon as ne sieppeu uom muitnirg, Mrs. j. d. iteuu; snaKespearc,The best way to Paris-Interurban car, and was placed in Mrs. W. T. Mitchell; Lexington-Arling-John Shine, $605.The prizes were awarded as follows:(Devotional, conducted bv Mrs. Edsell.To Miss Lillian Turner, $5 credit sav-May, of Little Rock; Words of Greet- ings account; to Mrs. John Merringef,Mrs. C. E. Maxwell, of Little Mrs. jonn &nme aiiu, iueis. h:eacli acredit savings account of $1 each; toMiss Myrtle Bustle, a gold chain, and a25 .pound sack of sugar to Mrs. O. R.Folev and Mrs. Wm. Ballard.Rock;; Response, Mrs. J. D. Redd, Mil- Jones and C. J. Lancaster,BEAUTIFUL HOME AT AUCTION.The Weatherall home on CypressRtrnnt. will be sold on May 1G at 2o'clock. Read the advertisement. (2t)name for the mother.Volunteers Wanted! The First Kentucky Regiment of Infantry calls for Volunteers. Apply tooffice of this paper for information anarrangements for transportation toOur entire stock of footwear retail Louisville, or address,for less than wholesale. CAPTAIN ELLEKBE W. eiUtTUK,ELVOVE'S DEPARTMENT STORE. Recruiting Officer, First Ky. Inf. N. G.,(8-2t) Louisville, Ky.CLOSING OUT.THE LEXINGTON RACES.day for alL Why not make it "Father's (Day," too?nonor mouier is ior uie iatners aim jail. ton, Mrs. B. A. Thompson; North Mid-sons to be found in Tne Lathers! Polios .Tndere January had been in tfiiptnwn No 2 Mr Rmma firppn- I nnnri mpimr lnrirp attendance andHouse" taking part in the Sunday formed from some unknown source Paris, Mrs. Elizabeth Myall; Lexing-'fairlv Rood weather continued to markSchool and cliurch services. Make your at a negro man was on the interur-iiton-Beauchamp, Mrs. Mabel Wood-.this week's features of the presentplans to be in the class room Sundaymorning at 9:30.m Mr. R. A. Doan, of Cincinnati, Ohio,ban car acting in a suspicious manner,such as to lead the informant to he-ward; Chilesburg, Mrs. Mattie Coons; meet at the Kentucky AssociationLexington-Central, Mrs. J. T. C 'track in Lexington. Monday's princi-Little Rock, Mrs. C. E. Max-' Dal feature was the Hinata Stakes,lieve that he had contraband liquor in iMooe: Little Rock. Mrs. C. E. Max-' Dalone or tne greatest workers in tne jjlis possession for unlawful purposes, well; Noontide hour "Beautiful Hour worth $1,598 to the winner, Honeydew,jnodern Sunday School movement, willjjU(jge January and Patrolman Jud!0f Noontide," Mrs. Nellie Stucky. the second and third horses receivingaddress the Men's Class of the Chris-meL the an(i found the negro and! At tne afternoon session, devotional respectively $454 and $297.tian Church at the regular Sunday hi8 baggage. When questioned about a exercises conducted by Mrs. Gertrude The winners from Monday to theSchool hour, May 20. Mr. Doan has a',. he claimed that it belonged toHenry. of North Middletown, will open close of the meeting, which ended yes-message ior eerj man ana il is nopea ms broUier, who, he said', had the key. ,the pr0gram, which will be followed terday, were as followsthat none will fail to avail themselvesof the opportunity to hear this greatman.LADIES' SUITS.Harry Simons is closing out all his$22.50 and $25 suits at $14.98. (It)YOUNG MEN'S CATHOLICCLUB GIVES EUCHRE.The key was finally found on his person, and the officials opened the trunk,which was found to contain one threegallon tin can and one two-gallon tincan, both filled with whiskey, and somebed clothing. The man also had in hie-by the L. T. L. Institute, conducted byMrs. L. T. Pickett, Secretary, the subject for consideration being "SomePlans We Have Followed," by Mrs.Sarah Graves Clark, Miss Mary LouClasby. Mrs. Granville Cameron andMonday First race, Battle; secondrace, Boy Blue; third race, RunningQueen; fourth race, Honeydew; fifthrace, Lady Rotha; sixth race, Trapping; seventh race, Howdy Howdy.Tuesday First race. Hasty Cora;possession a grip which was found to 'Mrs. A. D. Reid; election of officers; second race. lima Schorr; third race,contain six quart bottles and six naitpint bottles of beer. The negro claimed to be from Jellico. Tenn., and thatlana- Temperance," by Mrs. W. T. Sis-, seventh race Redland.report of the Committee on Creden-. Sedan; lourtli race, uicKet; nun race,tials: illustrated talks on "Missions Bringhurst; sixth race, Dr. Shafer;he was on his way back there.The liquor was seized by the officials,The young men composing the YoungMen's Club of the Paris Catholicchurch- eave a most cnlnvahlp Piirhrp i fault of $100 hondWednesday night at Uie Catholic Hall,for trial-on High street, in which they wereably assisted by the ladies of thechurch. "an, i,oii .c :r..ii.. a ,. I Until further notice the meetings ofxuc xxau naa ucauiuiui; xiiu iaaicXully decorated, the National colorsoraUvTschenk American flags au.a night, instead of Monday night, as here-bunting were suspended and draped infestoons around the walls and from thetrunk; Round Table, "Best Methods Wednesday First race, upnena w.;Annlied." Mrs. Norah B. Tavlor. State second race, St. Augustine; third race,and the negro was tplaced in jail, in de-Superintendent; report of committees; ! Douglas S.; fourth race, Escoba; fifthHe will be Held nfterinir: Snntr. "Blest Re The Tie race. Fleuron II; sixth race, Blaise;IThat Binds;" Benediction.MEETING NIGHT CHANGED.att nrolv Pnmiwnv TTnifnrm TCmilr. 1! K. of P., will be held on Wednesday .The Tie race,j seventh race, Olga Star.-First race, Brizz; secondConi-INDEFINITE POSTPONEMENTOF "PATRIOTIC MEETING."Thursday-irace, Blue uap; mini race, kj. a.liskey; fourth race, Honey Dew;race, Solly, sixth race. Intone.fifth, tofore.The TJ.ceilings, while miniature AmericanI vices forR. will hold memorial serits departed members onIT1' i -., .-- Sunday, June 17. They decided toother places where they added to the,?1 ff, R iCT ?n n!??figeneral effect of "the occasion. Ju Y ' fur? Particulars ot vhichgeneralAbout two hundred guests were present, a large number in autos from Lexington, Georgetown and other surrounding towns. An orchestra of five!pieces furnished music for the evening.At the conclusion of the games atempting luncheon was served theguests.The first prize for gentlemen was011 by Mr. Martin O'Neill, with Mr.Victor O'Neill winner of the second.Prizes lor gentlemen players were woi"by Messrs. John Welsh, Richard Welling, of Paris, and Justin McCarthy, ofLexington. The first prize for ladieswent to Mrs. M. J. Lavin, the second toMiss Margaret Brophy, and the thirdto Miss Nora Bourke.will be published later in the localpress.The second rank was conferred onseveral candidates by the subordinatelodge, Rathbone No. 12, at the meering held last nightThe patriotic meeting of farmers andbusiness men of Bourbon counly.scheduled- to be held in Paris, Saturday, has been indefinitely postponed,iand a date for the meetine will he .-Prict-announced later.Messrs. Catesby Spears, C. C. Clarkeand Thos. H. Clay, Jr., who were reIT'S REAL ECONOMYTo pay at least $20 for your suit. Weare showing exceptional values at thisJ. W. DAVIS & CO.INFORMATION WANTED.LEESBURG AUXILIARYRED CROSS SOCIETY.cently appointed by Gov. Stanley asBourbon County's representatives on The Leesburg correspondent of thethe National Council of defense, are cynthiana Democrat has the followingnow busily formulating plans for ihe'regarding the formation of a Red CrossWANTED !Every Lady in- Bourbon CountyTo Visit OurBAKERY !EVERY DAYVISITORS'DAY!WILMOTH6rcry Go.Phone 376Postmaster J. Walter Payne has received the following letter from Miami,Arizona, asking for information in regard to a man who is said to have formerly resided in Paris:"Miami, Arizona,"May 5, 1917."Postmaster, Paris, Ky.:"Dear Sir: I am trying to locate thefamily of Mr. Edwin P. Delaney, who I junderstood was at one time a residentof your city. Any information you cangive me in this will be deeply appreciated. "Yours most truly,"S. S. KOUSLEMAN."BOY INJURED.big meeting. It is said that committcomeetings will be held' and tontativedraft of plans discussed and formulated to be presented to our farmersand business men for their guidance atthe imonster meeting to be held.The purpose of the proposed meeting is to place before the people ofBourbon County, especially the farm-Jers and business men, the importance (jian(jtof producing a maximum of food stunsthis season, that this county may growand market its full share of grain, hay,vegetables, etc., not only for home consumption, but a sufficient amount tohelp feed the allied nations, who, withUncle Sam's aid, are exerting everyeffort to conquer Germany.A definite date for the big patrioticmeeting will be announced at a laterdate.auxiliary at that place:"The Bourbon Book Club will meetWednesday afternoon with Mrs. Wal-ilace and Mrs. Henderson Shropshire.They have decided to become a branchof the Red Cross at Paris. They willalso enjoy having the president of theRed Cross of Paris to address them.Each one has decided to lend a helpingPLANS ACCEPTED FORtfEW HOSPITAL ADDITION.While unloading a barrel of saltfrom a wagon at the home of hismother. Mrs. Nan E. Brown, on theColville pike, near Paris, yesterday ; A contract -was closed Wednesday bymorning, Wesley Brown, aged1 seven-, the Board of Trustees of the Massieteen, was badly injured.The boy was caught under the bar-:rel .when is slipped on the skid fromj the wagon, and was pinned to theground, the heavy barrel passing overhis body. He was taken to the house'and a physician summoned, who proInounced the lad's injuries very serious.INSTALLS HIGH-GRADEX-RAY OUTFIT.One of the most modern up-to-dateand costly X-Ray machines in CentralKentucky has recently been installedby Dr. J. S. Wallingford in his offices.The machine, which cost $1,300, is ofthe interruplerless type, and is equipped with all the necessary appliancesfor X-Ray and radiograph work.Memorial Hospital, with Architect JohnV. Moore, of Lexington, for the construction of the new $12,000 additionto the institution.Mr. Moore was in the city Wednesday afternoon going over the plans. Itis expected the work of constructionwill begin about June 1 and be rushedas fast as conditions will permit.There are now fourteen patients under treatment in the Hospital. Mrs! Samuel Clay, who has been in the Hospital for several weeks, has returnedto her home near Cane Ridge.DROPS DEAD.Caroline Whaley, colored', of Paris,dropped dead on Pike street in Cynthiana while en route to the home of herson, Jesse Whaley. She was in company with her son and his wife, whenshe suddenly sank to the pavement andexpired without a sound."TOM THUMB WEDDING.'The Mothers' Club of North Middletown will give a "Topi Thumb Wedding'' in the old Christian churcfi. atNorth Middletown, on tke evening oC.inegNOTE FROM "SLEEPY HOLLOW.'Bro. James Allen, in the CynthianaDemocrat, comments as follows on anitem recently published in THE NEWSregarding those "pesky motorcycles:"The BOURBON NEWS wants somebody to invent a 'land submarine! totorpedo peaky motorcycles that disturbthe slumber of Paris on Sunday morn-Private SaleopFurniture, Etc.We will offer for sale privately, onSaturday, May 12, 1917,(one day only) in the store room formerly occupied by Bennett Tarr's grocery, on Main Street, the followingfurniture, etc.:1 mahogany music cabinet;2 square tables, mahogany;1 mission library table with shelvesfor books on side;2 very handsome upholstered rockingchairs;1 handsome mahogany leather chair;1 mahogany straight chair;2 handsome Wilton rugs; one size9x14 feet, and the other 9x12 feetGood) as new;1 spinning wheel in (perfect condition; 1 woven rug runner, 4x15 feet;1 handsome mission hall seat andmirror; .2 porch chairs;3 small ruga;1 biscuit kneader. ,MRS. RUDOLPH iDAVIS,This Modern andConvenient HomeAuction onWill Be Sold at PublicWednesday, May 16, at 2 P. M.This beautiful place is situated on Cypress street and contains S rooms,bath, electric light and all modern conveninces. Lot is 50 feet front and,running back to Houston Creek. Reason for iparting with this convenient andmodern home is that owner has about completed new house in country andwill live on farm in future. Sale will be nade on easy terms.J. F. WETHERALL.For further information call on or address,(2t) HARRIS & SPEAKES,lyp BsKlssiip Mllyl- ssli ;if MBlack Hawk and JanesvilieCorn PlantersMcCormick and BrownMarrows..MIrAMffBCor. Fourth and Pleasant St.Agents Buick AutomobilesGoodyear TiresOur Vulcanizing Departmentis equipped with steam vulcanize? and run by an expert.Steam Heated GarageOPEN DAY AND NIGHTI Friday, May 18, at 7:30 o'clock.Sunday mornings."MRS. A. J. WINTBRS; -tT. -rTIP&GE nvFIUDAY, MAY 11, 1917.THE BOURBON NEWS, PARIS, KY.SfeplSOCIAL AND PERSONAL.0RELIGIOUS.iFOR THE BESTNOTHING ELSEGRADUATION DRESSESJust received, at Harry Simon's. (It)NEW IN EVERY DETAIL.Our Flannel Pinch Backs and Beltera, in green, brown and blue ?20 10$25.J. W. DAVIS & CO.STUDENTS' EXAMINATION.An examination of students of theBourbon county schools for countydiplomas, will be held to-day, Friday,May 11. and to-morrow, May 12, at thaoffice of Miss Mabel Robbins, CountySuperintendent of Schools, in thecourt house.BIG LOG SHIPMENT.Mr. Ossian Edwards, of Paris, hasmade several shipments of walnut logito the Cincinnati markets recently.The logs were taken from trees cut onthe farm of Mr. Wm. T. Buckner, onhe North Middletown pike, near Paris,and are all of unusual size. The logs-Kill be sawed at the Cincinnati millsnto lujmber for use in a number ofAmerican furniture factories.Comings and Goings of OurPeople Here, There andElsewhere.Peter's Episcopal church. Re;'.Mrs. E. M. Wheeler is very ill at Geo. H. Harris, rector. Sunday Schoolher home on Houston avenue. 9:30; service and sermon, 10:45 a. in.?L and Mr8 B R CIay have re- A cordial invitation is extended toturned from a winter's stay in Eustis, everyone.-Mrs. Harry Simon was a visitor in .The, fnual Chil?rn'f J? exe:-cincinnati, Wednesday and Thursday woco' """" CiC auueumeu iur aim-of this week. ay, May 13, at the Methodist church, iMr. and Mrs. Brutus Clay, of At- have been postponed on account of unlanta, Ga., are guests of relatives in avoidable circumstances, until Sunday,this city and county. May 20.t TMr? W,aon Judv d son. T. J. Rev. W. O. Sadler, pastor, will oc:Z'AJr",J?t!: thi,8 .?veek. for .a Dr- cupy his pulpit at the MethodistCityrKansas. reiauves m ArKansa5 church, Sunday morning at 10:45Mr. P. D. Carmody, of Fort Bay- ocloCK' ana m me evening at -:duis aguest of hiso'clock. Sunday School at 9:40 a. m.ard. New Mexico.cousin, Mrs. Anna F. Lancaster, on EPworth- League at 6:30 p. m. TI13Ferguson street ' public is cordially invited to attend ailMrs. Mary Stoner Clay left Wed- these services,nesday for Newark, New Jersey, to The meeting being conducted atvisit Mrs. Leonard Rose, who has been Baptist church, under the joint minisher guest here frequently. trv of Rev. lDl. n. r. Maneum and Rov.ZT JL ?'le?f th? Dr. F. W. Eberhardt, is growing in in-U UU Ul tniiftpf ntlrl ll"w A1All(f1n r nmAttfinvicicoi. tii hi nio uunua aic fciuwuiobservedCOURT APPOINTMENT.Mr. John T. Collins, President, actingfor the Bourbon-Agricultural Baniand Trust Co., accepted the appointment of that institution by the CountyCourt as guardian of Rebecca Forsyth,eightiethOdd Fellowship, whir.li wnaby the Lexington lodces larger and more attentive each nightMiss Rachel Wiggins entertained Dr- Eberhardt's sermons are powerfulat her home in the country yesterday and convincing, and he carries hisfor Miss Besse Buckner Holladay, who hearers along with him almost irresist-is shortly to become a bride. ably. The general theme of the ser-Mr. Thos. M. Funk, of the Bourbon mons is "The Sermon On the Mount."Steam Laundry, attended the meeting Last night Dr. Eberhardt took for hisof the State Laundry Owners' Associa- subject The christian's Emphasis of""" 111 juuuiauiv;, Lino wecivMrs. Albert Hinton, accompanie-1Life." To-night the subject will be,of Judg-lw lipr mnfhor Mro Tnconii n vaaA me unrisuan s &tanaaraof Mayslick, left Wednesday for a two- ment.weeks' visit to friends in Franklin, The meeting begins each night atTenn. 7:30 o'clock. Everyone is welcomeMr. and Mrs. James H. Thompson, and cordially invited to attend theseof near Paris, will leave to-day for meetings, which are intended to beLouisville, where they will be week-end mnr.a n tho nfliro nf snetitnio wnrVguests of Mr. and Mrs. A. J. Carroll, attheir home on Fourth street.Mr. James H. Shropshire, of Lees-lllirtr fotViOT rkf "Ttc Porlia AlMlmrttlian infant under fourteen years of age , f pris hag returned from Uie Jew;and an heir of the late Mr. Washington ish Hospital, in Cincinnati, where heRedmon. The appointees qualified in J rencently underwent an operation,the penal sum of $1,500, without su j Mrs. J. H. Haggard, of near Win-xety, the charter of the Trust Con'- Chester, is at the bedside of her dauglithan evangelistic.N. M. TOWN FISH FRY.pany dispensing with that teature.MILLINERYOf all kinds can be found at(It) HARRY SIMON'S.OILING STREETS.The annual oiling of the streets ofParis began Wednesday by the streetcleaning department, and will be carried forward until all the streets havereceived a much needed coating of thisdust preventive.It is a remarkable fact and one thatalways causes comment, that rain invariably falls when the Lexingtonraces are in. progress, and when thestreets of Paris are receiving their annual oil bath.xu.no, bi.b Auivuf, nivs bu"-jw v u- tjuesuj 01 lue rwiui. jtended the dinner dance given by Dr. pjghing Club were present fiCharles Squires, of New York at the Uons of Central Kentucky,FJRST EXCURSIONTO NATURAL BRIDGE.The first excurison over the Louisville and Nashville road to NaturalBridge, one of Kentucky's greatest natural wonders, will be run next Sunday,Mav 13. The train will arrive at Paris !about ten o'clock. Round trip fare,$1.50.Natural Bridge excursions have always been popular in this section, andK. is hoped the weather may be suitable for the" initial excursion.The annual fish fry, one of the socialevents for which North Middletownhas become famous, was held yesterday, on the banks of Stoner Creek, onter, Mrs. Harry Collins, who was the t-arm of Alvin Thomas, near Spearsoperated on for appendicitis, at the MmMassie Memorial Hospital, in this citv, ' , . , , , f. nt.tc.Monday afternoon. Mrs. Collins is do- About one red and fifty guestsing very nicely at present. were Present, and a large quantity ofMr. and Mrs. Arthur' B. Hancock, fish fell victims to their hooks. A subMisses Kate Alexander and Carolyn stantial dinner was served, includingRoseberry, and Mr. Charlton Clay, of the fish caught during the day.Paris, were among the guests who at- Guests of the North Middletownfrom all sec-RniTlfi P.OTIl-TUniv T-Trxj-kl T AImn4n P r r r r. V fevening a"s. " jng frQm 3,, and even Louis-Mrs. Fanniebelle Sutherland. Miss ville. Mr. George C. Sehon SuperinMary and Mildred Collins, Mr. and Mrs. tendent of the Kentucky Children sWoodford Spears, Miss Elizabeth. Home, at Louisville, was one of theCrutcher, of Paris, and Mrs. C. M. honor guests. Everybody had a goodBest, of Millersburg, attended the time and went home satisfied that thesong recital given at the Lexington best peopie in Kentucky still residedCollege of Music, Tuesday, by the pu- , d North Midalet0wn.pils of Mr. Per Nielsen.Mr. John Tunis, of Danville, was ' 'a business visitor in Paris, Wednesday. DELEGATES TO GRANDMr. Tunis was formerly cart owner of ENCAMPMENT Ithe City Restaurant in Paris, and oneof the most popular Greeks who ever Imperial Encampment I. O. 0. F olresided here. He is now associated pari8f -will be represented at thewith his brother, Mr. Gus Tunis, In Grand Encampment Patriarchs Miliconducting the New York Restaurant at Frankfortf on Wednesday, Mayill lUctUYJllG.(Other Personals on Pageii:sO. O. F..)APPLICANTS ACCEPTEDFOR U. S. ARMY SERVICECHANGE OF RESIDENCE.16, by Messrs. P. J. McCord, Jas. Rye,Saini Ewalt and Wm. Lail. Mr. Mc-.Cord, who is Grand Senior Warden ofthe Grand Encampment, will be elect-;ed Grand High Priest at this session.Mr. William Taylor has leased tnelower floor of the Taylor home onPleasant street, to Mrs. A. J. Winters,who recently sold her home on Highstreet, to Mr. and Mrs. Edward Burke.Mrs. Winters and son, Mr. BarnettWinters, will move to their new homeabout July 1.Mrs. James K .Ford will move to herhome at the corner of Pleasant streetand Duncan avenue. Her nephew, Mr.William .Taylor, will reside with her.TWO FILE THEIR INTENTIONPAPERS IN U. S. COURT.In the United States District Courtat Frankfort, Tuesday, Isaac Eurove,of Paris, aged twenty-nine, a baker,and Harvey Manwaring Macrea, agedtwenty-six, a farmer of near Versailles,filed declarations of intention to become citizens of the United States.Eurove, who is employed by the H. J.Jrosche Bakery, in Paris, is a native ofRussia, and came to America in 1913.Some time ago he purchased theproperty on Tenth street recently oc'mpled as a restaurant by Mr. and Mrs.D. C. Lykens.TOWN HOME FOR SALE.The 8-room city residence of J. P.Weatherall, on Cypress street is to besold on May 16. Read advertisementin another column. (ll-2t)(During the past week. Captain PhilipGolderman and Dr. King, of the UnitedI States Army service, have examinedand approved a large number of applicants iiom this section for admissionto the army branch of the servico.Capt Golderman and Dr. King havebeen kept busy at the Windsor Hote:,where they have their quarters. Thefollowing have been approved and accepted and will leave in a few dasfor the training camps:Sunday, May 6 Melvin Lee Crain,Paris, infantry; Edward Ford Spears,Paris, cavalry; Ben H. Lowery, Cattlettsburg, who has been engaged inteaching school in this county, field artillery. Monday, May 7 Russell ECaldwell, Julian Allen Ingels and JohnDavid Wright, Millersburg, field artillery; Raymond White Ogden, Paris,coast artillery corps; Julian TarrAdair, Millersburg. field artillery:Hugh Campbell, Paris, coast artillery:Morton C. Colliver, Paris, infantryJoseph E. Torrence, Cyntliiana, cavalry; Henman Atlas, Paris, infantry;George W. McKee, Cyntliiana, infantry.Tuesday, May 8 James Embry Allen,Lexington, infantry; Catesby Woodford Spears, Paris, infantry; Wednesday, May 9 S. Brooks j WoodforJ,Paris, cavalry.Mr. Won. Estill Moore, formerly ofParis, who has been attending CocorroCollege, in New Mexico, and his brother, Mr. Rogers Moore, who has bee-iattending the University of Virginia,have responded to the call to the colors. The former has enlisted for service in the aviation corps at the Presidio, in California. The latter willleave in a few days for Ft BenjaminHarrison, in Indiana, where he willtake training in the Officers' ReserveCorps.BrightenUp,America!.PATRONS' DAY ATPARIS PUBLIC SCHOOLS.To-day is or will be "Patrons' Day'at the Paris Public Schools. A cordial invitation is extended to all patrons and guardians who have childrenin the school, to attend the exercises.They are asked to come and inspectthe work that has been accomplished,both in the grades and in the HighSchool, during the school term nowrapidly drawing to a close.There will be music and a charminglitOe playlet, also a pageant of folkdances. The room will be open for inspection all day. The program will begin at 2:0 d. la.. ad will be certainto iatrt all irio attaL Patrtosskoald' fc r to jio aa5 tlw wkof Ui'pupifis.RED CROSS MEETING.A called meeting of the "Red Cross"was held Tuesday at the Y. M. C. A ,to decide ways and means tosinterestthe men as well as women in the organization and to arouse patriotic enthusiasm throughout tue county.A campaign for membership win oestarted May 19th by the singing ofthe National airs in the court houseyard by the school children. It wassuggested that each church would display a flag in the building . The rocmiting station or headquarters formembership will be in the room nextto Bourbon Garage on Main street,where both men and women are askedto volunteer to register, 'me auesaiWoKly $1, and the membership inth7 United States is set for 280.000.Sherwin-WlliamsPANTS 6- VARNISHESWhen You Paintbuildings, inside oroutside, if you desirethe very best resultsat the least expenseyou should useSherwin-WilliamsPaint, preparedC. A. DaughertyFilth ami Mais Sts. Faris, KentuckyFRANK & COMPANYTHE RELIABLE STORESpecial PricesONSUITS, COATSAND DRESSESNever, so early in the season, havewe made such attractive prices, orhad such a complete stock to selectfrom. Come in and take a look.EXTRA SPECIAL!Ladies' Silk Hose, in All SolidColors,50c a PairFRANK & COMPANYKaltexPorch Furniture!You Wish YOUR PORCH to Look the BEST. KALTEXFURNITURE Will Accomplish This For You.We have at last received this line of Chairs and Swings in the beautifulBaronial Brown. Every piece is practically indestructible, as every one is built onwire and the joints reinforced with steel braces. We show you one pattern here,but have many in stock to show you.Porch and Lawn Swings, Refrigeratorsj JU " , J m " lJt0T"Vudor Porch Shades are the Best!THE J. THIN TON COMOTOR HEARSEMOTOR INVALID COACH"EITMERPHONE" 36UNDERTAKINGSIX-TH AND MAIN STS.H;ki -mJ!FRIDAY, MAT 11, 1S17.dfHE BOURBON NEWS, PARIS, KY.1PLENTY OF PROOFFrom People You Know-Citizens.-From Paris"THE POWER OF THENAVY IS IN ME.""The power of the Navy is in me."Big Jack Dempsy, fireman recruit thusThe greatest skeptic can hardly tail unburdened himself as he sat withto be convinced in the face of evidence legs dangling on the turret of the Virlike this. It is Impossible to produce ginia.better proof of merit than the testimony of residents of Paris, of peoplewho can be seen at any time. Read thefollowing case of it:! J. W. Larkin, retired farmer, 431High street, Paris, says: "I am onlyI Around him seethed the preparationfor war. From the huge Navy Yardshops arose the din and clamor of a'mighty force rushing the final workto place in readiness the big steel fighting machines which are to play an im-aGoodies!"too glad to recommend Doan's Kidney jportant part in upholding the honor ofPills, because I havo at times had our Nation. On the parade ground adquite a bit of trouble "with my back, jacent, a couple of hundred bluejackOften I have had a dreadful ache eta were running a quarter mile oval,across my kidneys and the kidney ae- hardening up for their work ahead,cretions have been too frequent in Something of the inspiration of thispassage. A box or so of Doan's Kid- vitally energetic scene glistened in hisney Pills at these times have never eyes, as he swept his pipe stem in afailed to cure me of an attack." short semicircle before him to empha-I Price 50 cents, at all dealers. Don't size the might of which he was master,simply ask for a kidney remedy get Huge of frame, horny of hand isDoan's Kidney Pills the same that Dempsey. It was only two days agoMr. Larkin had. Foster-Milburn Co., that he drifted into the Navy recruit-fmji.vmmm.mmm Fair List PricesfW&W(fUM'W P HIPMIIIIWW M Min i . rtflCiMMaAdHMIMFair TreatmentMMW:A I Props., Buffalo, N. Y.SHltN&&S&iS&Se "ATT!(adv)JOFFER ANDCOMMISSIONIN TRAIN WRECK.ing office to offer himself to hisj country. 'I "Whether its salorin' or soldierin Itold thim at the recruiting office, itsthe same to me so long as I can serveme country. Anyways that a man canserve and do his duty in a oime loike"3?&s-goodies that justm-e-l-t in your mouthlight, fluffy, tendercakes, biscuits anddoughnuts that justkeep you hanging'round the pantry allmade with Calumetthe safest, purest, mosteconomical Baking Powder. Try it drive awaybake-day failures."Recexred Highest Avrards2cw Coi'fc Book FreeSet Slip in 2'ound Can.ARCOLA, ILL., May 10. The specialtrain bearimr General Joffrc, ViceDi-nmtnK "7f-rHoTit otifl -Vior m fvmViorsof the French mission eastward after this is the best way," was the gravelya tour of the Middle West, was wreck- enunciated philosophy,ed in the middle of a cornfield, midway "So I enlisted as a fireman, thebetween Areola and Filson, 111., at greatest branch of the service of the7:30 o'clock Monday night. u. S. Navy.! Several persons suffered slight whin a man has put in a few yearsbruises, but none of the members of on the jobf there ig somethin' aboutthe French party was injured firebox f ine thatThe cause of the wreck is not yet iknown. Railroad employees who made Jo it, wance you have fed the big,an examination of the wreck by Ian- hungry mouths that are always open.tern light expressed the opinion that and roarin'.the cars were derailed accidently. Se- "And after a little hustle ov feedin'cret Service men. headed by William!Nye, began an immediate,tionUDHixnon denseLuxutu -forroraCan?the big babies, the job is done and yeinvetiga- n take yer ease while the byes abovedhrilling and the ship is rollen'!TPLme train was speumg i-"" easy-like in the cradle ov the seathe rate of 40 miles an hour, after ' . ,. ,, ,orH0 BY THE TRUSTCfl'&asr.ltye- H'jAKlNGPOtfOtf1hf'CAGOC! Cheap and big canBaldngPo wders do notsave you monay. Calnmetdoes it'sPureand far superior to sour milk and soda.leaving Springfield, 111., where GeneralJoffre and M. Viviani laid a wreath onEvery man in his task, says I, andI'm a fireman by inclination and forcethe tomb of Abraham Lincoln late Mon- of habit. And it is me duty to playday afternoonFifty miles northwest of TerreHaute, Ind., the tender of the secondlocomotive of a double header suddenly left the rails. The baggage car iramediately behind lunged over on itsside and fell crosswise of the rails, atangled mass.fireman for Uncle Sam whin he needsme above all others."Wance I stoked on a tramp steamerand it was there I learned the powerov me callin'.' "We wuz down where the heathensand the fever wuz thick as mud, anon, oilman w r VioHT-inp- npwsnaner wan tne sicKuess tOOK noiu ov tnecorrespondents, Immediately behind officers and crew until they wuz onlythe baggage car, crashed Into the bag- a hanful or us lift to navigate thegage car and. loft the rails, but did not craft wrlh the fever faginig we had aturn over. The dining car, next be- powerful time. Wan afther anither thehind, left the tracks with a crash, but b below fell down wlth sicknessthe compartment car. "hich Secret reaJ trouble beService men were riding, and the ob-servation car, quartering Vice Pre- Sanmler Viviani, remained on the rails. "It wuz the Captain himself whocame down to talk to us. 'byes,' heBEST REMEDY FOR 'said, I kin get along without me ofli-WHOOPING COUGH cers, but for the love of Hivin, me- l aViin -urill run-ich t mo flrpmnn 1pnrf4J1A4J 1 AAA lTW. hJ. .M. .MAW WAW- uw. vPROGRESS IN PROBLEM OFCOMBATTING U-BOATSme in this me hour ov need.' ""That is why I say the power ov theNavy is in me. Whin the coal stops,the battleships stops, and the inimycan take yer at his own time."Across the slip between the Virginiainto an open order exerwere the "men behind themmIMt. , ! IB fflh Pii PIM l 111111 miUfcMirii ra JffjufmfKKllfP,iiiiutiMMtJKff!lm-,. " " .jmJ. Wnimnk 4lRiRRjffiP T J? J&P- ?3A a M ITX HjE7K!75.Ki,arrsiabTKffAi i i j&- j'i zzrm im u za iii i w r x t'4'iWv vc -rxif-' M' aa)VMi' --?j an."m S3 $1ZM W ITTh i sX 1 1 Siw e n k hAPiv I kWW Mb w sfKWtjs.t. tAyjn -wtvi. 'WSHpf7 jtJij rjj ms t act. djb vy costl LITTLE0 MOREVx1 These hand-i some huskyI Tires at littlemore moneyr? make a DEy LUXE FORDU CAR. Pricei each:xit 375(31x33:0 $18.95U 30x3H . . I6.G0? (Regular Size)IE new Ford-car ISUPER-TIRESGoodrich's"THREE- !iSEVENTY-FIVES" ?give the final touclzof perfection to a Ford car. nThough they cost a little ?more than ordinary tires, the $gi eater styie, uuiiiiuil, ctiuefficiency you gain from aFord with them thrice cancel the first cost.Tires of HEROIC SIZE,they last longer. Look themover at your dealer's. Askhim foru0e-SPf!375 s!2!xz34iNsE'SBLACK SAFETY TREAD TJRSSnYou will find them big, burly tires burlynextra rubber and extra wear, made inthe five-finger Safety Tread ONLY.They fit 30-inch rims, but are an inchbigger on the circumference than ordinarytires, with full three and three-quarterinches in the cross section.Put "THREE-SEVENTY-FI VILS" underyour Fcrd, and you add value in appearance to the class of ycur car.On account of reduced stress and strainthey double your joy of motoring, andthe life of your car, and spell tire economy in bigger mileage.J1"Last winter when my little boy hadthe whooping cought I gave him Chamberlain's Cough Remedy," writes Mr3.J. B. Roberts, East St. Louis, 111. "Itkept his-jcough loose and relieve himnf those dreadful couching spells. Itis the only cough medicine I keep in!the house because I nave tne moBt and the next dock) the sailor drlll ladconiidence in it." inis remeuy is SDrea(i outalso good for colds and croup. j J .fTnov.nnvl ... vi -jguns," integral part of the great fight-U S RAILROAD EXPERTS ' ing mechanism which is soon to spreadTO CsO TO FRANCE, its influence world-wide in the mightyconflict facing this Nation. I looked jWASHINGTON", May 10. Nino new sideways at the man beside me, whoregiments of army engineers, to be represented the silent working force of icomDOsed exclusively of highly trained tu a,.: uHoct,;n iif ii?o m-zq1The B. F. GOODRICH CO., Akron, Ohiommm "Best in. the Long Rxtrf'IfellSltelSglfcpJSIgirailway men, will be the first American troops to be sent to France. Theywill go "at the earliest possible mo-tVe A-mrkftnnn lio t Incll ? rc lillf- IllC frfl'awas lifted above the immediate animation of moving units. It rested injWASHINGTON, D.C., May 10. Firsthind information as to progrei i madeby the Naval Consulting Board to--waxdfindlncr means to combat the Ger-v&n RTihTnarinA xv-an evpn stupor- i,. fTr TiaToTmxnf nniiniitinnfi the smokeclouds coming from thetary Daniels, when the board's Monday, for work on communication huge stack of an adjoining vessel. TWOfab-committee dealing with this sub- lines, but speculation as to exactly, Tlie Kyes hev Btarted work fer3eot camB to Washington for con- wheii or to what points they will be u g h observe(i with a touchtaranoe with Navy Department l0 teMddea because of the sub- ouf y Rnew at dowQ nW. L. Saunders, Chairman of the hSwm-ccs will be volunteers lhe cavernous recesses of that grayBoard, whose statements in New York, raised at the nine great railway cen- steel hull, other representatives ofaturday indicated a belief that the trs of the country. Each regiment the "power ov the Navy" were bendingproblem, was nearing notation, will ac- be commanded by an Engineer their backs to the end that the traoompany the sub-committee, whoa Cclenel of the regular army, aided by ditions of the American Navy might bomembers are Lawrence Addicts, The. tt Adjutant All other officers will be upneid and the honor of the flag main-xwuutua, XiiuiBi- a. oyii uu xcu- rmiiway engineers or omciais. uolnvi, ,inft !, QOQcs. MThe Navy need more firemen asMmmmmmmmKoaaBBifiHnQOEcflUfiKairfifacaawucABBiSBsaHHftaas1 ggggrrr,rrr!- -..--- . . - --J......, .. . wjmv5)-1uwuAw:wvttrKitt&i53z&a:&tiXM:jJ. L'OW.Viianmg smzior iOutwears Icather-comfortable'dressy-wafer-poofW-EliflTaP50' - "fmgui.BIGLANDSALES CONSUMMATED.Elmhurst Farm, on the Winchesterpike, in Fayette County, forKAISER SENDS BESSAGE TO SON.AMSTERDAM. Mav 10. The Germanmany Emperor has sent the following tele-years Hie home and breeding place of to the Crown Prillce:famous trotting horses, whicli won for"Your birthday falls this year in aminThayer. I The exiedltion will have a totalSecretary Daniels talked with Board strength of between. 11,000 and 12,000members and arranged the confer- meUt each regiment being composed weU as men in other branches of theMt sterling.jno aennite announcement is Df two battalions of three companies service, it neeus tuuuaanua mcoce.xpctea to iollow tne meeting. The each.lecretary repeatedly has Indicated that Every branch of railway workersarea a complete solution of the prob- necessary to the building or operationlem would have to become known first 0f lines will be represented in thethrough actual operation. No navy ranks, and the War Department exofficial would admit that he knew of pects a response to the call that willany specific scheme evolved by the permit a careful selection to be exBoard, and Mr. Saunders' statements ercised and insure a force alreadyapparently were regarded as indicating trained to the 'minute, an army of exonly that results had been obtained erts m railway operations,which would justify experimental work job. a larger scale.MUSCLE SORENESS RELIEVEDMr.FarmerThis is the time of yearto give stock a tonic. Isell the bestSalvetStock and PoultryIonic.W. C. D0DS0Npatriots like Jack Dempsey.iv. y,. ciii, tucuYuu, u u1Buu,uuu serIous and decisivo time. In gratefulof breeding stake winners, record and fuU q &Q fatherlandbIeakS? ndi "V?11 t mp1aifine"' and I look upon your and the otherchanged hands last week when the batUe front wnIch imperturbablyproperty, which has been in the EstUl , t aU attackfl and whIcn wm tefamily for many years, was sold to E. lT,vin,Ki in tQ o T,QtfioaJR. Little, a trotting horse breeder of. fiod nt tIie fathGrland in vourTiQTtr Trnot rwf Iffa n ull rlnf rvrv anil r. , , A IICH J fcA JA. AtlU r AUAA W J AV4. MMine mrm, coniammg aoouu u acreb ffll d Dlessings.of land that is perhaps not excelled in Tne Q prince f Germany wasthe Blue Grass, was sold for ?2o0 an . May 6 1882. He is at present inttuic.UNITED STATES CIVILSERVICE COMMISSIONJohn E. Madden, the well-knownIn addition to those already aaver- L exington horseman, and owner ofUsed, the following-named kinds and Hamburg Place, in Fayette County, has"Bnusal work, bending and liftingor strenuous exercise is a strain onthe muscles, they become sore and! stiff, you are crippled and In pain..'Sloan's Liniment brings you quick relief, easy to apply, it penetrates without rubbing and drives out the soreness. A clear liquid, cleaner thanmussy plasters or ointments, it doesnot stain the skin or clog the (pores. JAlways have a bottle handy for thepains, aches of rheumatism, gout,iuaibago, grippe,backache and allyour draggist, 25c.bruises,externalstiffness,pain. At(may-adv)henyoufeclt?uldiscouraged,ner.number of employes are also neededat Rock Island Arsenal, Rock Island,111.:50 Mechanics, $3 to $4.25 per day.24 Toolmakers, $3.75 to $4.50 per day.3 Die sinkers, $4 to $4.75 per day.27 Profilers, $2.25 to $8.75 per day.4 Drop forgers, $2.75 to $4.25 per day.6 Punch press operators, $2.25 to$2.50 )per day.9 Grinders and adjusters, $2.75 to$3.75 per day.1 Barrel straightener, $3.75 per day.4 Itiflers, $2.25 to $2.50 per day.25 Inspectors, $2.50 to $3.75 per day.The rates given are for eight hourswork, and In addition to this the employees are given time and a half forall overtime. The Rock Island Arsenal is now working on a 10-hour basis.Applicants should at once apply forapplication blanks to the Board of Examiners at the Rock Island Arsenal,purchased 2,000 acres of land from theJ. B. Haggan estate, at the reportedprice of $500,000.The purchase includes the Ford.command of the German armies facing the French offensive.ROAD TO HAPPINESS.Be amiable, cheerful and good natured and you are much more likelyto be happy. You will find this diffi-Alexander and Muir farms on the east ;cult, if not impossible, however, whenside of Paris pike facing the road, you are constantly troubled with conThis property adjoins the portion of stipatkm. Take Chamberlain's Tabthe estate recently bought by Harry, lets and get rid of that and it will bePayne Whitney. Part of the estate .easy. These tablets not only movebought by Mr. Madden includes the .the bowels, but improve the appetitedairy,Other farms in the transaction arethe George Graves, filkhill, Dixiana,Tom Moore and Tucker estates and apart of the Rogers farm on the Russell Cave pike. This property squaresoff the Green Hills estate.The mansion is reserved for Mrs.Haggin, widow of James Ben Ali Hag-gin.land strengthen the digestion.(may-adv)Professional Cards.Bourbon Building ScLoan AssociationFIRST NAT'L BANK BUILDINGIN REAR OF BANKEntrance on Fourth StraetDR. WM. KENNEYEye, Ear, Nose and Throat.ROOMS 403404.FIRST NAT'L BANK BUILDING.PHONE 136.WM. GRANNANAttorneyat-LawROOMS 401402.FIRST NAT'L BANK BUILDINGCAHAJ. EROS.BARBER SHOPPrompt and Courteous Attention toPatrons.HOT AND COLD BATHS.iCANNOT SEIZE INTERNEDVESSELS IN WEST INDIES.WASHINGTON, D. C, May 10. Itw m w w jt - m VVMWVM -. -.. :.-, r.HnrnnnHt it is a ""OCK isiana, in., or uj cue oecietui . rfiVPftlpd in the House. Monday..,TvnnAHiKVrrNERVEfE of the Civil Service Board, Postofnce. t,mt an unmihlished provision in the111., or to the Secretary.r, ionvoti ndlfOTTSNERVEftfEPILLS: They renew the normal vigor and f Cincinnati, Ohio, Chicago, 111., St -agreement with Denmark, by whichmake life worth living. Besureandatkfot Paul, Minn., Old Customshouse, St. the Danish West Indies were acquiredM rff NmrinPillft Price ' Louis, Mo. Amplications should be by the United) States, was that GermanWJCt rwvcriuc ii by dratMi i niMri;nr 4i,n -mo,n. or other war-bound shiDS in the island. . " I I II - f W r-T I ! AAJ.m. UUJI1L L1LU ailLUA .! tJ MFm Jr '' j w -. ,WUIAW IWU.l.U,rrl.,WfTW-, mm m. f.finfB .,. WoA wf1 aQ Tooril- l LlVH.C 14.U.U. "VU. "VA V1.AW VMAMof Examiners at the Rock Island Arse-OBERDORFER, The Druggist.IzslaGznfte steh SZMlVCZlrfrtwould not be seized or confiscated.The disclosure was made by Chair-man A lckVnnrlof nf til A PnTYITTIAmO Pom-nal, Rock Island, 111. Application ,fftpft nrARpnti,ifr the Administrationblanks may be had -by calling at the biU to nfer congressional sancltonParis postofiice.Lots of men would. never be able torecognize themselves as fools if theydidn't fall in love.Few men make their way throughthe world on tke strength ofphrenological developmenton the President for seizure andoperation of enemy war-bound ships inAmerican, ports.When Republican Leader Mann ask-1ed for more information about the!agreement Chairman. Webb, of the Ju-1diciary Committee, warned the House!their that it was not a subject to be dis-cMMed publicly. i'-LLLLLLLLLw-L--LLLmAUlYU.t MCW (. NCUAUfcM.V.MUDAY, ItAY 11, 1917.HE BOURBON NEWS, PARIS, KY.FAGSSmmFour Times the Sureness ,:Four Times the SavingwithMMdiamondSqSle TiresM&MMmir j i .i. i i.i'iit'ni'i -ri vrrriPT-rtfycAtff45 5 Ith4SSS3' tlBHH1 FAQUinVGR.sEa i mil in in 1 1H I LATEST HiThe Diamond SqueegeeTread is an old resident ofxnotordom.For years it has squeegeedthe roadway to non-skid sureness. You should use four Diamond Squeegee Tread Tires onyour car for two big reasons.You have four times thesecurity in driving.You save four times asmuch in first cost.Get Diamond SqueegeeTread Tires red sides andblack treads and realize thelife and strength and serviceinsured by expert workmanship and pre-eminent knowledge of rubber compounding;Strrt t-'lrv vkh one Diamond, ifthat is ali you need, but keep onuntil vor set is complete and youare dm ing and saving on four.Silks in Summer SuitsDRAPERIES INAFTERNOON PROCKSMOildresFor AuornolaHes, Bicycles?.nJ MotorcyclesC. S. BALL GARAGE4.h A. rkiiviinl sts., l'urib, K.Ttr-TT - -L l t Av l "vw -- 4-"SsS'Ti:Black TreadRed Sidesfor the bead work, which is stronglyin evidence.rGinghams for Summer Suits andDresses.Bright, colorful ginghams in veryfine qualities have risen into promi-. nence and are used in fashioning noonly separate blouses and skirts, butfine Gin v.harns Combined With ?lso entire summer dresses and suits.In making suits, the latest fad hasbeen to combine gingham with pongee and other sports silks. A skirtof gingham is used with a silk coatwhich has the collar and cuffs, andsometimes, pockets, of ginghams. Asurprising combination, but distinctively effective when one gets used tothe idea! In other instances, plaidand plain ginghams are used to makeNEW YORK, May 10 1917 the lDPular middy dresses with slipTo keep pace with Fashion, one r blouses and Pleated skirts. Withmust be ever on th nlerf in fhn .lnva the Plaid U3ed for tlie skirt and tojwhen there is constantly something frim the blouse' a dress of this kindnew appearing. We do not look for ia eeeaingiy auracuve ior summerany change in the silhouette, for that Wear Ginshams are crisp and coolhas been been finally settled, at least and may aJways be kept looking freshfor the coming season, but there the The seParate skirL of Plad or checkcountless important minor details al- ed SmSnam to wear with white voileways turning up which make the game and batlste waists, is also a pleasingof keeping up with the mode a very novelty for summer. The skirts areinteresting one. Almost each day sometimes made with belts of silks insomething new is brought to the at- some brignt color Aching one of thetention; a certain material suddenly colors in tne plaid .or stripes til2riBes into prominence, a new way of case may be' Sraart Stasham blousesdranine a skirt is ripvispfl nnrf ,,nrf are trimmed with white pique collarsnovel accessories appear upon the and cuffs and buttonholes bound withscenes and are quickly taken up with L? queOPPORTUNITY!Every Diamond Tiremust deliver full valuein service. If ever aDiamond Tire fails& cheerful, willingadjustment will bepromptly made.i-iJ1 i B2SS2S5h -.cPRESIDENT'S PROCLAMATIONTO THE FARMERS.3m. the current Farm and FiresideNAVAL OPERATIONS TO BEDIRECTED FROM LODDON.WASHINGTON, May 10. Naval co-is printed President "Wilson's procla- operation between the United StatesXLStlon to farmers, which is as fol"The White House,"Washington, D. C."7 the Farmers of America:"At the present moment it is ourplAia duty to take adequate steps that has just attended theno only our own people be fed, but conference at Jfans, isand the allies against Germany is being negotiated largely in London, itwas learned to-day, instead of here atWashington, as is the case with military and other subjects. Rear Admiral Sims, who was on his way to England when war was declared, and whoallied navalcharged toMr. R. F. Clendenin, Associate General Agent forthe Northwestern Mutual Life Insurance Company, inone day recently, sold SIOO.OOO worth of life insuranceover local and long distance lines of the Home TelephoneCompany and because of such an amount of businessaccumulated in one day, he divides the honors with usfor the efficient telephone service rendered. This is asplendid record for both Telephone and Insurance Companies. Mr. Clendenin says; "The service I get from yourCompany is all that I could ask, and on the closing dayof my campaign I used it with wonderful success."Such an opportunity in facilitating business shouldbe grasped by the public in general in employing co-operation,efficiency and confidence.Paris Home Telephone 8 Telegraph Go.(Incorporated)J. J. VEATCH, District Manager.W. H. CANNON, THOMAS K. SMITH,Local Manager. Cashier.enthusiasm.kl fl5 w""WsThe new blouses that look like coatskeep rising in popularity. They areespecially smart in costumes of jerseycloth. A very attractive model inI plain and checked jersey is shown inthe sketch, and with it is worn one ofthe fancy girdles that are all therage just now. These new girdlesmm0 McClX.1.Draped Styles Are Again in Vogue,In opposition to the frocks that arobsolutely stright in line, there aremany ways 01 raping skirts to giveIf itif'""-Vfe?i....y(38 vv- v& vmf5r isI v Li11J)) MgCaLI.thjsnt wfl mav. if nnssihiP answer thp speak for the Amercan government oncaJQ for food of other nations at tteAorJIn lids greatest of human needs I feel 'ment that g United states wiU patroiiat slight pufflness about the hipsthat the American farmer wiU do his Amarin wtorc nnfl thm: rpiiova tvioi which is now one of the acceptedpart to the utmost lallied vessels on duty here for two modes in the dressier type of frock A sPort Costume in Plain and Check-"By planting and increasing his pro- and a half years, no statement of naval for afternoon and evening wear. One ecl Jersey ClothdntJon in every way possible, every policy is expected. Whether American of the latest ways is by gathering the . f mpf, . r.ollnln:fl nnf1 motermer will (perform a labor of patri- vessels will cross to the other side straight lower section of a skirt to a n "?v "f S 1!! ZTZotfam for which he will be recognized jjd help in an offensive campaign yoke and leavin the sides free to a "e nannZith n... m A, , eitiier in British waters or nearer the , j j , ,..,. ir tnose ot colored stones witn oxi-aa soldier of the commissary ad- ht?eso will bfcome form ped tdraperff Z ff" ve dized silver or gilt chains. Others aretiiac his share to the food supply of known only through announcement of gcf ully into position when the soft made of squares or circles o jadethm people. rfrnrrSTr rTTrtxT, some decisive action, if there is one. llable materials are used. An jet amber eb u k d with t ,Jfcuwi; vvyvyxvwir v.n-.ovi'.. AUmirai ae JJUair, lieaa Ol me naval "Uflwtt"u" Wl "" walmmB BlJic nhnins HirrllP: nf thic l-inrl nrA naorlsion here, spent most of Monday at the.- j- 9 TT j Navy Department, continuing conferYnii linn t HaVP rO ences with bureau chiefs. He devotedI OU LJUll L IldVC wihimself to all sorts of technical disjcussions about submarines, means ofj hunting ana trapping tnem, ana les-contingent with the British war mis j is shown in the sketch. The dress isStoopIf You Use aGarlandCabinetRangewith prints ns vill ns with lrpRPof pongee trimmed with narrow bandsof pongee trimmed with narrow bands' Vests Appear in Suits.of ribbon. The waist of this costume 'is made with kimono sleeves of the1 Some of the nev tussur summerloose, baggy type, the kind that were suits are trimmed with silk fringesD r A. .iin foch.'nn Qnmft tmo om ti,o iin. arouna me eages ot ine coai. OllKotic- innrnafl nv rna Knnu i in rnp r-" uumuu """v " ww. . i uiJVfliO i&Cl.ll.u UJ k.u jv-w ....long efforts to suppress the submarinemenace. In a general way he is acting as an intermediary to the BritishAdmiralty and facilitating the technical negotiations between the Britishand American experts.ICUBAN REVOLUTIONISTS! NOW UNDER CONTROLflMk -BEiXpHBKI IA beautiful line of Garlands on dlsplay. Come In and look them over.Paris Gas & Electric Co.(Incorporated)! WASHINGTON, May 10. Fresh rej ports of rebel activities in Cuba areregarded by the American Governmentas renewed evidence of influences seeking to force intervention, but theyhave not altered the State Department's confidence in the ability ofPresident Monocol to restore order.Reports from American MinisterGonzales that the rebels are beingbrought under control are supportedby consular reports from Guantanamoand Santiago. State Department oincials appear confident that May 20, thedate for the inauguration of the President, will pass without serious revival of the revolt."The Chief of Staff of the Cuban'army, now at the head of the Cubanmilitary and naval commission int Washington, states that the news givento the press with regard to the situa-ition of the province or Oriente is of apurely sansational nature. The 15,000black insurgents said to be ravagingI that territory are imaginative. TheGovernment forces have full control'of the nrivince."Hardships suffered hy some foreigners when the revolution was at itsheight should not be construed as representing the present state of affairswhen the uprising virtually is finished."usual V-shaped collar and flaring cuffs fringes are also used to finish the naradd the note of distinction which all row silk or clotn Sidles with whichsuch simple styles require. ,most frocks ar provided.Sometimes long, straight tunics or Vests seem to be an important partapron effects take the place of dra- of tne newest suits. White silk orperies in frocks of silk, chiffon or sere suits are frequently made withGeorgette. A beautiful dress of white vesta of bright colored satins, or thesatin for a bride was made with a long embroidered Oriental silks. In thepleated apron of fine white net edged woolen suits, collars and. vests arewith white glass beads. The transpar- made of broadcloth, striped silk or ofent glass heads are now being used natural-colored pongee. Sometimesthe vests are embroidered, and, again,AN OPERATIONAVERTEDthe edges are bound with braid, to'give a neat, tailored finish. Detachable collars of blue and white stripedcottons on dark blue serge and twillsuits have also been noticed as wellas those of silk.$100 REWARD $100CLEAR AWAY THE WASTEOneDropBowel regularity is the secret ofgood health, bright eyes, clear complexions, and Dr. lung's xew uiePills are a mild and gentle laxativerm T M, tnfl.L rUKUia.Le& UllC Lruweia u-uvi iwis'wtfirfcnPAultrwltmf the congested intestines by removingfrwtjydqdc'fwWjgg CURES ing. Take a pill before retiring andA few drops In the -, - 1?c that heavy head, that dull spring feverumUfcUJK nmvet. "" rI f inannaapQ flof Hi Klllff'Sand prevents wniie iccim& Ui0Hi'"- v- --- ---- -dUrrhoe. cholera and other chick! New Life Pills at your druggist, 2oc.dteetsee. One 5(Mnt bottle makes (may-adv)12 CTllons of medicine. At drur-i222ifLr m !, I Between two era some ioiks naveHfUft BMiri If m umm, if. choice, so thev embrace them both.Philadelphia, Pa. "One year ago Iwas very sick and I Buffered with painsThe readers of this paper will bepleased to learn that there is at leastone dreaded disease that science hasin mv side and hack been able to cure in a11 lts staSes and,?iyT ?LtS? that is catarrh. Catarrh being greatlyuntil x nearly went influenced by constitutional conditionsSS5" i went to squires constitutional treatment,differentdoctorsand Hall's Catarrh Iedicine is taken inthey all said I had ternally and acts through the blood onfemale trouble and the Mucous Surfaces of the System,would not get any thereby destroying the foundation ofrelief until I would the disease, giving the patient strengthbe operated on. I by building up the constitution andhad suffered forf our assisting nature in doing its work,years before this Tne proprietors have so much faithtime,butl kept get- J c6 ETS f ?S1!!H-Htingworse the more r B L?r.Zrmedicine I took. Every month since 1 to cure gend for list oC teBtl.was a young girl I had suffered with m0niais.cramps in my sides at periods and was Address F. J. CHENEY & CO., Tonever regular. I saw your advertise- iedo, Ohio. Sold by all Druggists, 75c.ment m the newspaper and the picture i (may-ad v)of & woman who bad been saved froman operation and this picture was impressed on my mind. The doctor badgiven me only two more days to make CLEVELAND, OHIO, May 10. Newud mv mind so I sent mv husband to the ton D. Baker, Secretary of War, wasdrug store at once for a bottle of Lydia here Monday on personal business.E.Pinkham's Vegetable Compound, and Speaking of the war, Secretary Bakerbelieve me, i soon noticed a change ana iimiuatcu no uu muc nuwhen I had finished the third bottle I eariy ped.c.PREDICTED THREE-YEAR VAR.for anwas cured and never felt better. I grantThe War Department is making prep-O n.ntlnni trvm n itian.vQQ1 XtTQT' t lp3Sf-you the privilege to publish my letter j gaidand am only too glad to let other women mh oPpfnrv Mrs. Baker, whoknow of my cure." lfra.THOS.McGON- bave been here for several days, leftigau Mi xiartYine oireei, rnua,, r. for Washington, Monday.y iBourbon LaundryD4VIS & FUNK, Props.Telephone No. 4. West 5 Street '5Satitaction is OirWatchwordWith all the latest improvements in laundryappliances and experthelpers we are preparedto do work inferior tonone, and solicit yourpatronage.Bourbon Laundry,Paris Kentucky.IW'WB Sun Li&. .The sun's scorching rays w mcracks and wrinkles 3tllMPtinyinto exposed woodwork. Nextcomes the driving rain, soakingthe parched boards. Decay follows.Protect your house from the sun with paint of DutchBoy White Lead thinned with pure linseed oil. Thatis proof against all sorts of weather and long keeps ahandsome, smooth appearance.Whatever your needs in painting (big or little) we haveboth the advice and the materials necessary for a firstclass job. Write, 'phone or call.Dutch BoyAnchorWhiteLcadC. A. DAUGHERTYSPECIALSFOR A FEW DAYS!We Are Offering Real Bargains InMEN'S SUITSSee the values, which are on display in our windows,$10.00, $12.50, $15.00You'll save from $2.50 to $5.00.Be Sure and Buy Some of the ShirtsWe Are Selling For95 CentsThey are $1.50 Values.TWIN BROS.L. Wollsteii, PiClothing and Skte VtUJ-. W..V.W , -1rr-fPAGE EIGHTTHE BOURBON NEWS, PARIS, KY.FRIDAY, MAY 11, 117..it'it;1IMAMATRIMONIAL.vFarmers'V". P KISER, PresidentThrift Is Now aNational SloganThe American people arewaking up. They resent thecharge that they are wasteful.Bank deposits all over thecountry are increasing by leapsand bounds.Are you a depositor ?If you are not, join the financial preparedness army. Manage to lay 'aside a certainamount of cash. Ve'll be gladto explain our banking system.HUFF PEEBACK.Mr. Edward Feeback, son of Mir.Sallie Feeback, of Paris, and MissMary Huff, of Butler, Ky., were married Monday night at Falmouth. Mi.Feeback is in the employ of the Cumberland Telephone Co., and a residentof Paris. Mr. and Mrs. Feeback areat .present guests of Mrs. Riley Martin, of near Paris.COLLINS CAIN.Mr. John Cain, son of Mr. and Mrs.Wm. J. Cain, of Paris, and Miss MarvCollins, of Kansas City, Mo., were married last week at the home of thebride's parents, in Kansas City. Aftera short bridal trip to Excelsior Springs.Mo., they will go to housekeeping inWeston, Mo., where Mr. Cain is engaged in business.Mrs. Cain is a daughter of Mr. amiMrs. Wm. Collins, of Dodge City.jMr. Cain left Paris several years agoto reside in Weston.& TradersW. W. MITCHELL, Cashier.WM. GRIMES, Bookkeeper.Sixth and Main Streets Paris, KyMILLERSBURGaMiss Stella Craven has closed herschool in knidergarten on account ofthe measles.They looked upon the flag with asmuch patriotism as the older ones.It had been announced in the vait-lous churches on Sunday that a RoiCross Society would be organized atthe Presbyterian church Tuesday, at II ;p m., wnicn would be organized byMrs. John F. .Davis, of Paris. Mrs.Davis was unavoidably detained fromROWE CONWAY.Friends and relatives in this cityhave received cards announcing the ap-jproaching marriage of Mr. ClarenceConway, formerly of Paris, to MissDelia Rowe, of Oraville, California.The wedding will take place at thehome of the bride-elect, in Oraville,Cali., on Wednesday. May 16.Mr. Conway is the son of Mrs. LidaConway, of Paris, and a grandson ofMr. W. H. II. Johnson, of Second street,this city. He is a civil engineer holding an important position with the LosMolinas Land Company, at Los MoUnas, California, where he has been located for several years. The bride-to-beis one of the loveliest young ladiesof the far-away Golden West.Mr. C. W. Corrington returned heing present. However, at the aj,j.om Cincinnati, Thursday, after a fewdays' business trip.Mr. and Mrs. T. R. Wilson, otHaysville. were guests of his mother,Mrs. Nancy Wilson. Sunday.The Pastor's Aid Society of thePresbyterian church held an all-dayTneeting in the church Wednesday.pointed time, a large number of ladirshad assembled. After the flag raisin a:in the early part of the afternoon all aged fifty-eight, who died at a Lexing-DEATHS.-iJOHNSON.The body of Mr. John W. Johnson,were then enthusiastic, and determinedto do something to manifest love andpatriotism for their country. MissMary Fithian Hutchcraft, of Paris, wa'spresent, and delivered an interestingThe W. C. T. U. convened at the address. In the absence of Mrs. Davis,Presbyterian church Tuesday, at 2 p. an organization was perfected knownsn. Considerable business was trans- as the Patriotic League, with Mrs. J.acted. E- Poole as chairman, Miss Ruth Mc-Miss Martha Savage, of Los Ange- Clmtock, vice-chairman, and Miss Olive who was formerly Miss Flanders, ?.les, Cali.. and Miss Robinson, of Mi- Fisher, secretary. Fifty pledges were daughter of Mr. W. E. Flanders, of thenerva, are guests of Misses Mattie and taken. We have many eligible leaders, North Middletown vlclnitv, two daughLeucia Butler. wh will come at once to the front and t ,Mr. and Mrs. Bishop Delaney have see that good work is done. With theiie!?. an" 3n0"' u fm.nlftrlv onfrnfTOflmoved from the home of her parents, Proper start the organization ought to I. ar- Johnson as formerly engagedMarshal and Mrs. Joe Williams, to the liave 150 members within two weeks. m teaching school in this county, andSims farm near Paris. The following is the calendar of was later en engaged in farming, inMiss Aleta Wilson gave a recital at tnc - C. commencement exercises, which undertaking he was quite suc-Itt. Carmel. Saturday evening, which wnicn will open Friday evening, May cessful until his health gave waywas a success in every particular. A 1S: i'nclay s p. m. Orchestra concertpice little sum was realized. !at M. C. auditorium. Saturday AlumMrs. Mary L. Huffman and niece, anao Day Address at 10 a. m.; AlumMiss Veona McKinley, the latter of ane banquet at 1 p. m. The morningMississippi, returned Thursday, after win ue devoted to business meetinseveral days' visit to Mrs. Day,ton sanitarium last week, was interredin the family lot in the North Middletown Cemetery, after short servicesconducted at the grave, Monday morning. Several years ago Mr. Johnson suffered a sunstroke, which left him aninvalid. He is survived by his widow.EYE STRAINMEANSNERVE STRAINThere is no form of functionalnerve disorder that may not becaused by or aggravated by eyestrain. Have us examine youreyes now.We Fit WhereOthers FailAny lens quickly duplicated.FHYE & FRANKLINDoctors of OptometryDow Bldg., opp. Windsor HotelMflRGOLEN'SG1ALS THIS WEEKOrangesper dozen .'..15cPineappleseach 1 OcLemonsper dozen 1 5cGreen Beansper peck 50cApplesper peck 50cCUNNINGHAM.The funeral of Mrs. Mary E. Cunningham, aged seventy-nine, who dwd ,at and the afternoon to an informal re- Tuesday morning at the home of htrMflRGOLEN'SSanitary Meat MarketComingAttractionsPARIS GRAND AND ALAMOFRIDAYMyrtle Gonzalez, ValPaul and FredChurch in"The End ofthe Rainbow"It's a Bluebird.Mrs. Vernon Castle inthe eighth episode of"PATRIA"SATURDAYThe first screen appearance of UncleSam's favorite son,GEO. M. COHANin his own great success,'Broadway Jones'"BABETTE"A Vitagraph Blue Ribbon feature. Alsoa Big V. ComedyAlamo afternoon; Opera House atnightAdjnission, 10 and 20 cents.Hours Alamo, 2 to 5:30; Paris Grand,7to1 G:30, Admission 5 and 1 Oc.E HOUSE SSiGN PAINTINGInterior DecoratingHard Wood FinishingWALLJSrm. m m M WiHPAINTS WINDOW GLASSEAGLE and DUTCH BOY WHITE LEADSHERWIN-WILLIAMS MIXED PAINTSBERRY BROTHERS and PRATT & LAMBERTCELEBRATED VARNISHES"The Best," Our MottoA. DaugherfyFifth and Main Streets Paris, Kentuckyio'clock, Wednesday afternoon, withservices conducted by Eld. J. D. Gil-Paris, cepiion in me college library ana par- sister, Mrs. Nannie D. McClintock, in ,Mr. and Mrs. R. L Powell and Mrs. lor. The art gallery of the college will Bourbon Heights, was held at the resi-.Clara Shanks have returned from Carls- be Pen on Saturday from 8 a. m. to dence of: Mrs. McClintock, at 2:30bad Springs, where Mrs. Shanks and V- " ounaay at u:o a. m., uaccaMr. Powell havn bcu seeking health laureate at Methodist church by Dr.f-m Un rof fnni- rrtfi o -n munii im. Banks, of the Winnhp.stpr Mt.hnrlKttul "i jiaot tviv. UUu. u.v, ...uu. .m- , -' "-" T : Ua nf WinnVionPcnurcn. &unuay t: .w p. m. Annual "1V "l inn..oi....Missionary address by Dr. Banks, of! Mrs. Cunningham's death was duoWinchester. Saturday at 8 p. m. principally to arterio-sclerosis, resultOperetta, under the direction of Miss ing from the infirmities of age. SheEthel King, instructor in expression. was a native of Bourbon county, .iTo this there will be an admission fee daughter of Eldred S. and Henriettaui iweuiy-nve aim uuny-nve cenisr-agr-ir V II il iproved.The Mclntyre home, which was recently purchased by Mr. W. E. Collieiis being moved to Judyville. The workIs being done by Mr. Hicks, of Paris,snd is proceeding nicely.-The young ladies of the M. C. willi GOESI COSTHE HiGHT OF LIVINGTtiirlloir of frliia nnnntir nnrl wno tliow 1 1 A -t r 1 v. -r-m JUV1V Vf. VIII V.WIUIVJ AV. TVU.U tvconduct an excursion to Frankfort, Sat- omiay ai iu a. m.f iass uay uxer-, ., f InPnh P runninchani inrday, the rate being $1 for the round cises. Monday, 8 p. m. Annual Con- 'd , ?Iry F7 E 'tS The excursionists will largely cert. Tuesday, May 22, 10:30 a. m. who died in m&LonT' n 18,'4' Afe ,consist of the student body of Uie M. 'Annual Commencement exercises, in j was an aunt of Mrs. F. L. Lapsley, MrsC. and Graded School. i which a number of young ladies will I B. F. Bedford, and Misses Nellie and;Miss Martha Vilev. of the M. C. receive their degrees. Literary Ad-.Nannie McClintock, all of thi city anddress Dy liid. w. E. Ellis, .pastor of theChristian Church, at Paris.I Dan Cohen Cuts the Shoe Cost!-who was called to Lexington by theserious illness of her mother, Mrs. Jas.S. Viley, who underwent an oiperatioiiat St Joseph's Hospital, has returned.Mrs. Viley's condition is greatly improved. Misses Alice Grimes and HelenPurdy will give a recital in piano andvoice at the opera house to-day at 8p. m., for the benefiit of the piano fundfor the Graded School. The cause isa ' worthy one. Let everybody respond. Admission, 25 cents.The M M. I. base ball team suffered defea at Mt. Sterling, Monday,rhen they played the Mt. SterlingHigh School team. The score stood 1)to 4. Both teams made brilliant plays.Kelley's superb pitching, with goodsupport, won the game for the Mt.Sterling H. S.Mr. J. E. Caldwell has resigned hisposition as salesman for the Millers--burgHardware Co. Mr. Caldwell hasbeen connected with the firm for morethan a yar, and has given thoroughsatisfaction. His many friends regretthe step he has taken and hope that ina short time he will return again.4SPEARS MILL ITEMS.Miss Cuma Hudnall is a guest ofMr. and Mrs. J. W. Clough, in EastParis.Messrs. John and Ben Wells andClay Huddleston have returned from avisit to Mr. Hollie Hudnall.Miss Ethel Burden has returned toher home in the county after a visitto Miss Elizabeth Hudnall.Miss Mamie Wagoner, of Paris,was a recent guest of her parents, Mr.and Mrs. Ora T. Wagoner.Bay Mattox was a guest Sundav ofMr. S. It. Hudnall, "Mobile Bay," has anew Ford. Look out, girls!Mr. and Mrs. Harry Wells and little babe were guests last Sunday ofMr. and Mrs. W. D. Wagoner.Messrs. Ray Link and Will Ginncounty. Besides these she is survivedby two sisters, Mrs. McClintock andMiss Rebecca Dudley, of Paris, onebrother, Mr. J. Ambrose Dudley, of th'icounty, and a nephew. Dr. Wm. K.Dudley, of near Hutchison.The remains were interred on thefamily lot in the Paris Cemetery. Thopall-bearers were J. Frank Clay, Frankin. Uiay, onus a. acuiuiu, .uiey whiu,Charles N. Fithian and Charles T.Kenney.Mrs. Cunningham was a womanwhom everyone loved and respected.Her chief aim in life seemed to be to 'do the most good she could to everyone around her, and as a neighbor sheheld the esteem of those with whomshe came in contact.An immense outlet, giving tis a purchasing power un-equaled by any other organization, makes this store theBIGGEST BARGAIN SHOE HOUSE. New bargains dailyreceived. If you want the iatest novelties and exclusiveof Hutchison, motored to tins vicinitymill RnPTl- tllf rlnv locf Qnnrloir itriftiThe piomoters of the Millersburg Mn Robert Poimt and Mr g RJ nChautauqua met Tuesday evening atthe office of the Millersburg Coal andT umber Co., for the purpose of reorganizing and preparing for the approaching Chautauqua, which will beheld here Sunday, July 1. Elder C OCossaboom was re-elected presidentand Messrs. W. A- Butler, and W. DMclntyre were re-elected secretary andtreasurer. Rev. A. S. Venable waelected vice president. Atpetition hasbeen sent to the White & Myers Chau- Jtauqua Co., asking that the Sunday afternoon program be made appropriatefor the occasion.nail.Last Sunday was Go-to-Sunday-School-Sundayhere. We were proudof the showing made by our littleBaptist Sunday school, which had anattendance of 85. Rev. Ernest Man.gum was present and preached atboth onorning and evening services.His subject for the evening service-was "Tidings From Hell." We believe this was one of the best sermonshe has ever delivered. A large crowdi as present at both services.Messrs. Robert Pollitt and S. R.I Hudnall, of this vicinity, made a flyingThe student body of the Graded, trip to Barefoot, Ky Sunday morningSchool had a flag raising at 1:30 Tues-jon their motorcycle. While passingday afternoon. A nice program was j through East Paris, near the coveredrendered, consisting of National airsby the school. The address of theaf-lof Main street, they came near havingternoon was made by Hon. O. E. HurstProf. Ellett made a short address. Dr.C. C. Fisher, of M. C. delivered the mbridge over Stoner creek, at the foota serious accident when their machinecame in contact with a muddy part ofthe street The motorcvele skiddedvocation, while the benediction was into a wire fence, throwing the riderspronounced by Rev. A. S. Venable, of, to the ground. The machine was unthe Presbyterian church. The flag is a hurt, and the boys sustained severeneat one, and the fund raised by the' class la civics. The children are en'thusiastic.ajuLall manifested a willing"esT'tdr'dGrsomcthihgvfdr their country.bruises and scratches, but no boneswere broken. They were able to reachtheir homes by noon, thanks to 'theman who put up the wire fence?Hemstitching !We are now prepared to dothe finest kind ofHemstitching and PicotEdge Workon all kinds of material. Specialattention given to man orders.Special Demonstrator FromCincinnati, Ohio.All work and prices guaranteedsatisfactory.TheSINGER SEWINGMACHINE STOREE. Tenn. Phone 931 Home Phone 413627 MAIN ST., PARIS, KY.High Grade Men's, Women's and Children'sSpring Footwear!Visit our store, compare quality, styles and prices, andyou will take advantage of the WONDERFUL SHOE VALUESat less than they can be bought wholesale.Ladies' White Kid or Rich Brown e OERuss. Tan Boots $l--arLadies' Gray and White Kid Ka- - Qtinka Pumps 5i,JLadies' White Canv. Sea Island -0Boots and Pumps 1,JLadies' Kid Lace Boots andPumps which add grace to your -foot 5rJLadies' Pat. Dull Kid fto QO co -0Boots and Pumps at. . . AJ5J-:p.K7Ladies' Pat. and Gun Metal Shoes QCand Slippers at. ""Men's Plat. Calf Eng. and Medium -i Toe Shoes and Oxfords, W.-O. . . .4,00Men's Russian Tan English-Shoes and. OxfordsW.-0... $4.50 UpMen's Gun Metal and Tan Shoes .and Oxfords, Walk-Over 3.50Men.s Gun ! Metal, Button and 0 ASand Lace, good quality 2.99Men's Tan Lace Oxfords mat : 2.49Men's Gun'Metal High Shoes andOxfords 1.99Boys', Misses' and Children'sIShoes and Slippers AtONE-HALF THE PRICE YOU PAY ELSEWHEREDAN COHENParis' QreatestTShoe StoreWhere Beauty and Economy Reign::y ' -MtJ&fc,