THE BOURBON NEWSJ-.PUBLISHED EVERY TUESDAY AND FRIDAY IN THE YEAR.:?VOLUME XXXVI 5PARIS, BOURBON COUNTY, KENTUCKY, FRIDAY, MY 4, 1917WAR MAY LASTFOR YEARS, SAYSTHE CHANCES OF fW k 1TTHE ARMY BOYS. LUJMIj AMDMT. STERLING DRUGGISTDROWNED IN LICKING.When a young man enlists in thearmy with the war drums beating, iC,JT'n,T, A HIT T A "klT1 .tliere is a tearful time among his relaoLLKLIAKi LAri tives- And 'et. tlle chances are that;thirty years from to-day, just as largoja proportion ol these new recruitsf ill be alive and well as of the fel-TT- All Rio,ii.,.A k lows that stay at home.Urges Ail KeSOlUCe Ot L&ej The chances that any larger proporCs. D ?T J j. D itIcn of our trcops will do active fightOUntry DC Used tO Bring jing does not now seem large. Byenergetic preparation and rapid orOUCCeSS. iganization of our military forces, anda show of good fighting strength, weoould probably avert invasion even iflhfi nrntpr.tinn nf ihn "RriticVi hlnnt-nrlo3. Secretary ' vere withdrawn.Horrible as modern warfare seems,iLedical science saves by far tnegreater part of the wounded. A bigshare of the horrible losses of formerwars was due to neglect of woundsand ignorance of treating them.HONORABLE LIFEIS ENDEDRev. Dr. George VardenDies Suddenly Tuesday-Ir. Robin H. White, a well-known Jdiatigist of Mt. Sterling, and a first,cousin of Mrs. N. A. Moore, of this tcity, was drowned in the LickingRiver, near Salt Lick, in Bath county,about seven o'clock, Wednesday morning. lur. White, in company with Dr. C.W. Compton, a Mt. Sterling dentisttnd a colored oarsman, had been fishing in a boat on the river. As theywere approaching a deep part of theMMMMtMetttttftCtHtMttMMiMltMUmmmWIME KNOW HOW-WASHINGTON, MayLane cieciareu ne Deiieveu tne warvould last several years and thatevery resource of the country .must bebrought into place to bring it to a successful conclusion."Many persons thought," said MrLane, "that all we had to do was toTo balance the dangers of military morning. He had been illDUriai in rariS lesterday. rher the negro suddenly leaned overthe edge of the boat, which capsized,throwning all three in the icy waters.In an effort to save Dr. Compton, whowas in distress, Mr. White, who hadmade his way to the shore in safety,returned to his aid, but became cramped and sank before aid could reacnThe body was recovered about 10:30o clock, Wednesday morning -by theiDr. George Varden, one of theablest scholars in the South, and oneof the State's most noted educatorsand authors, and at 'one time a prominent clergyman iri the Baptist denomination, died suddenly at his home inLexington, of heart disease, Tuesday.i..lemilLiJr - l ,,.r,c liTTtiKrlit tr AT CH-qtOJiio-:. ... li.o.l. ,A !-. r"...,,,,,. -.,.n1A . .. - . 1...4. 1 1 e .1 11..1 i. ... "v-ew u.i.u . c uuubui. .w a.h.. ui.w"u3lMUuu"ua !".1U "-"f1- ""J ' "U.U1" service, there is the fact that the boys ,JUL "a" &" lul 1BW1U """ a Dr. Compton was rescued by the negro,bow her head in submission. Nothing 110W enlisting are going to live very not believed to be in danger. He had;aml returned with the bodycould be further from the truth. We healthful lives. They will be drilling Just been talking over J the phone to Mr white was ,cne of the bestdo not know when this war will end. and practicing war maneuvers in the ,,is daughter, Mrs. Nellie Varden WiI-known druggists in Central Kentucky,It may not be a one-year war. Per- wholesome open air. They will be- liams who was at the Union statl011 i and was a leading member of the Statesonauy 1 Deneve 11 win last several come physically fitter, able to endure m i-'Sxingion, wnen ne was siricKenj cars. Herbert C. Hoover has in- drains, full of good health and cour- wtu heart disease, expiring almost informed this government that Germany age por an wj10 do not actUally go stantly.has food enough to last two years, :fn" hnttlo it will "ivp thpm rp;?rvp Dr. Varden was a native of Eastperhaps longer. of strength and energy for years to Dereham, Norfolk county, England,"Germany has put up the greatest come where he was born in 1830. He camefight of history and she has the ad- Meanwhile the boys who stay at t0 America in 1852. He had residedantage of now fighting a defensive i,ome wjh f0r the next year or two n Paris for more than fifty-five years,var." ,!Je living largely indoor lives, working aild- despite his eighty-seven years, hein ctno.rinfr return nvpr riotjir was an unusually active and well-inre-i.t or, tiling onv.tnininpiofi nir Thnro served man. He was a close student.are always some who give way under of woria events up to the very time ofthese conditions and suffer serious ns death.impairment of vital organs. It's dan- Dr- Varden was graduated from thermic HiM-rio- mncf onvw-horn roTv o.i Georgetown College in 1358. He servBoard of Pharmacy. He is survivedby his mother, Mrs. Bettie White, andtwo brothers, Mr. W. Bridges White,!of Mt. Sterling, and Mr. J. LawrenceLONDON, May 3. The Americans earner Rockingham has been sunkby a German submarine. Thirteenmen are missing.Two boats containing thirty-threenen were picked up Tuesday, one b"a patrol uoai. une uoat couuimuib most risky place, as most ot us die ai .ris. ueorgeiown aim raimoumthirteen men is missing. there. " ?nd otwer places, and was a steadyThe Rockingham carried forty-nine ' " .. contributor to church publications. Hemen, including many Americans. The was associate editor of the Baptistcrew numbered thirty-six and the naval PRESCRIPTIONS OUR SPECIALTY. Monthy from 1866 to 1868, editor ofcontingent consisted of a lieutenant the Western Recorder, of Louisville.and twelve men. The value of the Goods delivered free to all parts of for some time, and was also editor ofshi,p and her general cargo was $3,- the county. Prescriptions filled the Baptist Flag and the Centralr-z( nnn. The vessel was due in Liver- rromntlv and correctly is our sneci- Bantist. both published in St. Louis.nool. Wednesday. ' alty. Don't forget delivered free to allWhite, of Frankfort, Assistant StateTreasurer.Mr. and Mrs. N. A. Moore, of thiscity, went to Mt. Sterling, to attendthe funeral, which was held in Mt.Staling, yesterday.-.- .. , ., -r-, i?i 1 l..l",-",0"u. .. ... .-.. rr n c noprnr ri rna wnnricr nmiri'iiMSno some Humorist saia, tne oeu is tne c" " i' " .-h-- j-"" r, land nice.first-class(4-2t).parts of the county.WASHINGTON, May 3. The 4-2t) VARDEN & SON."United States stands ready to send jan army to Europe whenever the Al-tlies deecn it wise to divert the neces- pARIS BQYS SATISFIEDsary shipping from transportating food( IN THE NAVY.to transportating men. jIt became known definitely that the .ii ueLduic luiu -, n,0. iia' Letters received here by friends andSJSZr . homle of wld Sppins relatives of tteP.rU boys,at OEC?- .! ,? ? ' raotnTorfolkhV,?gi,general &uiil LUimiuu?-., -r IT" ITipv nro nil in frond honlth and eni-jv- "v."0 "" -' . V. V""forces on the firing line oeiore iu f ";-tlTems ' ve Thev have becom To tlns umon mere . e ," -irreat army has been raised and train- Jh?ses' J ,e!T children: Dr. George S. Varden, orEd. Fit-Penning-Recruitingstate thatFor nearly forty years he was correspondent of the Journal and Messenger of Cincinnati. He was instructorcf Greek surveying, English literature,Latin and other slibjects in the EdgarMilitary Institute, conducted in Parisby Col. George M. Edgar, and also atthe Bourbon College. He was a commissioner of the Garth Fund for eightj ears and for twenty years one of theIrustees of the Georgetown College.Dr. Varden was married twice, hisfirst marriage being to Mrs. Mattiesipnhpns Gilman. -of Pans, in laossrrays--:- j-ar.conditionsthem.andParis; Mrs. Elizabeth Bishop, of Lex-timt rhf small contingent earue&uj - ---- -- - --. . mTTr, incton: Airs, iseine arueu wuuuiub-"w v t in n onor ro n mpm pr fir in ri . ..desired bv France tcr moral euect " " " ,T l''Z7'7iI .i, . ol Nicholasville, Tenn., anu au-sshall be sent as soon as possibleNEWS' staff, Mr. Fitzpatrick, who waslatelv employed in this office, statesAdmiral tnat the' are Hkely to be moved onMat-r .TnT n.. O TJoar-.' c'cil tt? N nresident shipboard soon, destination unkno-vnWilliam S. Sims U. S. . N .. Presl and for that reason, his future addressoi tne iaui "A " "Vctio was uncertain. He stated that he,port, is a guesti r rnri mr to til eTYi.rni Rims is encased with the British Naval authorities in working outproblems involved by the participation of the United States in the war.tie Varden Hutchcraft, of New Haven.Conn. In 1896 he was married to MissKmily Greene, of Lexington, and tothem was born two daughters, Misses"Cna and Sarah Varden. Eight grandchildren and four greatgrandchildrenalso survive him.The body was brought to Paris yesterday afternoon about 4:30 o'clock,after services conducted at the FirstBaptist church, in Lexington, by Rev.Dr. J. W. Porter, at 2:30 o'clock. Srices were held at the grave in theParis Cemetery, conducted by Rev. Dr.J. W. Porter, of Lexinston.The pall-bearers were Charles5i.nhens. Judge H. Clay Howard, Wil-the Marine 'iaVn G. Talbott. James McClure, Robt.C. iaipott anu iii. on. uivmuu.At. the services held in Lexington' the pall-bearers were the followingsix ministers: Revs. C. T. Ecton, D. W.PATRIOTIC MEETING f.,cp Plnrence Walker. W. C. Sale. T.TT';r1orT' PnQtlp. was. ,i,inr Ad- Doty and Pennington were all in Com-V.UU1 I. ,w-- - . . ,, ttTi... :,!.. Trtr. ...r.f-pany im., nut mm duuu jumca uoin another company.The letter stated that constant drilling, carrying a nincipound gun, hadgiven all the boys splendid appetites, ,t,t- mo,, i Aimnrn Sato and they were showing Uncle SamsNEW ORK. Ma 3-Ai raaro J; COmmissary department something inthe Japanese assador. akm Kentucky appetites.here at a dinner -of the Bconornc dregs e heW at NorforkClub, declared that re al America n any carried off first honorstsm nas t'" , ,"7 A .n -iii for efficiency and neat appearanceworld contact ana i.ut - ;" The parafre was led bynot end "until unrversal .peace Iim P Washington.been assured to mankind. Hiie predieted that w'thin a few weeks Chinawould join the Allies. . it. .noimrc it the dinner in- wo MENS'rinded Charles E. Hughes. James W. AT COURT HOUSE TO-MORROW a Stackhouse and J. M. Walker. ThisGerard and Sir Ernest Shackelton, tneA patriotic iuuss imrci-iii&explorer.is said to have been the first instanceon record where all the pall-Dearerat a funeral were ministers.of thewranen of Paris and Bourbon county,CARACAS VENEZUELA, May 3. wjh be held at the court house in thisThP confiscation, bv the Government, cityf at 2:30 o'clock to-morrow after-,: tireless outfit 'found in the trunk lloont for the purpose of consideringi r.-nn -hn rAcentlv arrived at the ouestion of food conservation.PiiPrto Cabello is a fresh illustration The meeting has been called by Mrs. ..n, Mpat Market?.UArt?a0. Ltivitv among Ger- Fanniebelle Sutherland, president of ' Margolen s Sanitorj Meat Market" Tint? and residents in Venezu- the Federation of Women's Clubs. The keeps an inms ana geiaui . " -managents and residents uiL nf thi nrmmlzation will also house. They are kept inside and are1 narmnTlR IOI111 tin """""" r mciuii" v --e , ,.NOTICE.y:l,nrnnfthe republic, and have a .part in the proceedings. absolutely tree irom tiubt, u. aOl Hie uuuiu' - mm -,,. .., " - , n.. t .vJfrfrkn c ininiiritiP T lint Collect OU wuudiuiin. itoitr vppn usinff all tneir mim- miss AUDyn uium, ui uc.vin&uw, ..,-..ltd induce Venezuela to maintain meniber of the Agricultural Extension fiat is displayed outside. Cence to muuee ync Oo iiniimrctv will pithpr nhone.its neutrality in tte - l "" akeroT the after: Vresh f.sh received fresh for to4av. ce i.l it. .;n i, o troot tn lipnr nnd to-morrow. We dress them tree ol-rfn WORSES BKtMrv i&w. naoii, "" - "11 " "' r, "- ,TVO HORSES The meeting ha. been called for charge SANITRY MEATt h,p first race at the Lexington the consideration of patriotic and prac MARGOLBNS SAMTAR MfcAiIn the first race at t , l octinnS nnd especially matters MARKET.track Tuesoa, ", .. f1.rpP. .. ., fll nnnrvatr,n of food, asationai run, m- "' , init:iiLiii& i. V"7T ":,Honriro uovif. tritoi miPRtinil in Llie uiiaio nw v.wi.FUNERAL DESIGNS.Let me have your order for funeraldesigns if you want something freshAll stock strictly fresh andPhone in your order.JO. S. VARDEN.INDICTMENT QUASHED.At Maysville the indictment againstMr. J. Quincy Ward, Executive Agentof the Kentucky Game & Fish Commission, who was charged with seiningin the Ohio River, was dismissed.Judge Newell dismissed the indictment on the grounds that under thestatute the Executive Agent had theauthority, and that it was his duty tocapture fish for the purpose of restocking the streams of the StateSportsmen all over the State havebeen greatly interested in the case.ALWAYS GREAT.99mmo991HC; rflgh fewt; -sy-r v-jr-. o s-v-wS VW4MI. ZZcerS d. -tZ 2S- SSCSSSVf1?.55ICCopyrlfiht, 1917iSCtt&uI. Ura & Cm.iEvery Sunday in the Sunday school ,a great day, but special interest , iicenters on "Go-to-Sunday-School Day"next Sunday, May 6, for an increasedattendance. Get new ones started.Join the Armvor Stay at Home You MustHave ClothesIf you go to war you won't need our'kind of suits, but ifyou stay at home you must have a Spring Suit from ourstore. Young men's snits that are entirely different instyle, looks and quality$15.00 to $30.00Genuine Irish Homespun, real light colors and darkershades of tan, blue and green, Flannels made in fancysingle-breasted pinch back and the two-button doublebreasted patch pocket coat. Our clothes have individuality and style not found in other ready-made clothes.For the more conservative man we have the plain cutthree-button sacks in many new patterns Worsted andCheviot Clothes. No matter how your size is long,short or stout we can fit your form.Mitchell & Blakemorere !9M9G&9Vm91G999Q9999e999999W99maifeo geot3scasgsstaged his sen., , iAinrr fipnrne uwifi vim nuesiiou m u"c noi ..yTnSval-Mattie Glenn, owned and fronting the nation. Miss Chinn willby TransalMauiB & of subject. pood Censervation"pTrls fell and broke his leg. The ani- and Grain and Vegetable SubstitutesVo irnipd ' for Meat and Bread."m1-2 "Jr rare Morton, odds on , Although the meeting will be largelyin yi i ,r - less misfortune. held for the members ot tue reuera- pets UD in the air,- or ai least anyfavorite, sliarea a . llfllir thpir ausDlces. all who j.ii,w timti the moving picture booth.? . ?-- Goose up, fi nn interest in the consideration ;n the Qnera House, ut he went up,straining for uie w nutting him and discussion of these questions are figuratively speaking, last Sunday.the horse iracuiicu . , urged to attend the meeting, with the Mr Enl was riding an untamedMANAGER FRED ERDGOES A-AVIATING.It is very seldom that Manager FredErd, of the Paris Grand Opera House,Morton wasmo-assurance that tney win ue sio torcycle between raris anu ucuife-welcomed. t. . towm, bunaay, wnen u ui f-CORPS, The membership of the Federation is of the machinery gave way. Mr. fcracomnosed mostly of housekepers do- aviated in the air and came down oathat they will ue giaaiyTO EXAMINE APPLICANTSFOR OFFICERS' RESERVEr. Phiii7sGcTderman, of the longing to the Paris Literary and the the hardest nart of the road, with disCaptain Philip "... ,10 nt the ro1e Pmsrrftssive Culture Clubs, the ,-t, results to his anatomy.United States Arm. . fQr the and Welfare League, the Red , He sustained painful cuts about theWindsor Hotel, mi purpose osg Societv, the Parent-Teacher As- body two fractured ribs and a lacer-next five or six aaj - applicants sociation, and other kindred organiza- ated chin and head.of receiving and examiw " erve ot . hich women piay the leading, M Er(1 had recovered from his m-rr aami"5?:"" i- - - .' ' r "; ,o TTnited States Army. an (Parts.orpb l-X "ont should call at,didates ior viium-once onCapt Golderman, at theUiiuv; u v . Tr-,,Windsor Hotel, in Pans, K.RED CROSS AT WORK.EDITOR BUYS FARM.iuries sutlicientiv vo enanie mm tuI at his post yesterday. He says theinext time he tackles a frisky motor-cvcle he intends to have it placea un-,Tmrs ot the Paris Chapter ol the. county, has been Pasea --,4v'" - -,- hnvp been noiai" liooert jouu&uu. uj .American Red Cross have been p town for $200 per acremeetings daily f" avenue. Mr. Johnson recently purchased i thel,yterian manse on Duncan aw Mr . of Nich.The meffl.-- - ,. tllU. q county, at about ?lJ per acrThe Robert Hughes farm, containing der peace bonds to insure its behav-seventy-one acres, locaieu xl ,- in in periect lauyiiKe nranuei.Station, on the Maysvine pik, m9nGGa99999a999999999999999999a99941aLi:Bssiied prior to April 10, 193.7, are free from restrictionsas to Military or avai service, Uevj policies issued wiiifoe subject to extra charge first two years osily. So, youngman, secure your policy now, before you are called.TLITTLEJOHN IN KENTUCKY.The Littleiohn Greater Carnival Com-jpany, whicli began the season at WestThe niemuo -- - . t 1U county, at about ?i& per u,ui e. i 0int, ua., is now in jveuiuuK-y, utheir time to mWng articles tnat,w ias ra ediur &nd owner f headd Umxd parig They are tDe needed in e ?M f (getown News. He is a son-in-, somerset this week and playing toin the first-aid-to-the-injured k" fg? j. G. Allen, of Millersburg. : E00d business. This Is one of the bestin other work nI? t" oreaniza- Mr Alverson bought the place as an and cleanest carnival companies mout the plans and' aims .ot tne org Mr. a . . existence.HE NORTHWESTERN NEW POLICY is an up-to-date andcomprehensive contract possessing a flexible adaptability tothe changing- needs of the insured and beneficiary that enablesit at all times to meet the circumstances of its owners. ' Dividends annually, beginning at the end of the first year, applicable towards payment of premium, to purchase additions, or to accumulateat not less than 3 per cent, interest. Special beneficiary privileges.Paid-up and Endowment Options whereby number of premiums maybe diminished or payment as Endowment accelerated. Automatic Extended Insurance, or in lieu thereof Automatic Premium Loans orPaid-up Insurance. Total Disability Clause. Thirty-one days ofGrace in Premium Payment. Loan and Cash Values. Options ofSettlement under the "Installment and Annuity Features" wherebythe insured may absolutely control the disposition of the proceeds andin the manner most advantageous to his beneficiary under Options"A," "B" and "C." This contract will meet your needs to-day andtwenty years from to-day. Send your date of birth to us and receivefull details of the foregoing. Purely Mutual and transacting businessonly in the United States.Statement January 1, 1917ASSETS ....$363,084,218.14.Liabilities (including 1,635.879.68 held tomeet Deferred Dividend Contracts) $340,198,092.41Funds held for annual dividends payablein 1917 and for contingencies 822,886,125.73 $363,084,218.14Income, 1916, 70,732,354.30 Paid Policyholders in 1916. 842,442,088.27Policies in Force, 576,197 Insurance in Force, $1,505,464,984.00R. F. CLENDENINAssociate General Agent Northwestern Mutual Life Insurance CompanyFIRST NATIONAL BANK BUILDING, PARIS, KY. .Vi.r ,du:;.T' -1St!jfrUmlifK'ilM.LUKThiBourbon Newstfhed 1881 35 Years of Continuous Publication.HOPE SINKING IN GERMANY.The military critic of the BerlinZeitung announces that letters frommanv nf Vile PArrocnnnrtpnrc "chrvw flint.J'tT , , , x . "Editor Bourbon News, Paris, Ky.,I their nerves are begiiningr to give V c,,. Pnnr,fl! ,00 Jf 1' ,XGCLl Mill uuubivoo UUvl juou jiasocuCOMPETITIVE EXAMINATIONFOR ANNAPOLIS."WASHINGTON, D. C,"April 26, 1917.lh!tchr1 Fuori; TiiAcrfau nnrl PrlrlnV- !v nnc,v tvt,c qi m W," and, proceeding from this point,Payable in Advance.a law, which permits each member ojhe proceeds to scold the Berlin popu- congress to name an additional niidllation very severely for permitting shipman to Annapolis. It is my pur-themselves to get discoura&ed by "iso- pose to hold a competitive examinaSWIFT Cr!AMPf Editor and Owner, lated events" in Fiance. tion in order that every young man inI The fact that discouragement is our District may have a chance forreally beginning to spread in Berlin this honor,Any erroneous reflection upon theis of much more importance than any-'Under the law, the candidates forrtoMCt.r stiliiflinf or rpnntnti'nn nf " J otniccinn tr Annonnlic nincf lm lioay person, firm or corporation which thm& else the ZeituuS crltlc has to tween the ages of sixteen and twentvmay appear in the columns of THE say. Until very recently a large ma- years The physical and mental exBOURBON NEWS will be gladly cor- jority of the German .people have cher- animations are verv strict. Anv youii-Tected u brought to attention of the ished the strangest delusions m re- man desiring to take the examinationgard to the progress of tht war. As is requested to write me at Washingrecently as last December all of Ger- ton, but in order to enter the examinmanv was stupified bv the fact that ation he must file with me a statementthe allies did not jump at a chance to fm hi,s Physician stating that he isiliifinllv o'xiiTirl nenoniOlMr o c? Tf rwl4-the Kaiser's peace on ths '"r :' -,' IvJ .t", 1 ", L7Lal?"LIU1U llUUIlllg. lilt! lUCUiai CAdllHIiaLlUIleditor.accept.Kaiser's terms.xuc uenei. as feeu- c0,.01.0 nr,i :t ic nclocs fnr .mveral that the allies were completely young man t0 enter the examinationdefeated and were only adding on be- unless' he is well versed in Geometry,cause they were too stupid to under- Algebra, Arithmetic, Spelling, Gram-stand what had happened to them. mar, Geography, United States HisThere is an old saying that what- tory and World History. Any youngever goes up must come down, and nian entering the examination mustthe hqpes of the German people, hav ave henn a bona f,de 1resJdefn ?f l,he, . . . , , t i i Seventh Congressional District formg been maintained far higher than flye years pa l haye had many re.eieuLs u ju&liiiu, ai u teucim uu quests for the appointment, but in thebegin to sink some time, and when qi crisis which now confronts ourthey begin to sink the decline may be country. I think it best to make thefast. Now we learn that four out of selection as the result of a competitivefive letters to the organ of German examination, so that every boy maymilitarism "breathe deep discourage- havea chance who comes within thement," and, as vet, not a half of the scPe of 0ie law Pertaining to the apstern facts of the situation are known Payment. Those desiring to take the. . , . ..... i- exammuuun must, u-jlhv me u. mayDisplay Advertisements, $1.00 per m Germany. 9mll nn that f1nt ,hnsfi (lGsirinjr tnADVERTISING RATESJfich for first time; 50 cents per inchtch subsequent insertion.i Reading Notices, 10 cents per lineeach issue; reading notices in blacktype, 20 cents per line, each issue.Cards of thanks, calls on candi-WORK THE CORN LAND.take the examination will be notifiedby me when and where to report forexamination. When the examinationIn emergencies it may be necessary js held, the voung man making thefor some patriots to unyoke the oxen highest grade will ue commissionedand leave the dIow standing: in the hr. mnnrt tvr in5 pntmnpp e-nminatimilates, obituaries and resolutions, and furrow, but the lasting support of the t0 Annapolis, which examination willitoilar matter, 10 cents per line. Nation requires efficient patriots to be held by the Navv Department onk- Special rates for large advertise- keep the plow going. The soil sup- June 27.aents and yearly contracts. norts the corn: com suunorts ani- ac ti'm n-mo. ic cimrt. T nm nskimriU 6' " puunauei is leseivBu mals; corn and animals support an VnnlomatterAnnouncements for political offices gCOse that lays the golden egg.iue iigui. ui puuuauei is iwei u mals; cn an(1 animals support an Vmi Mr. Editor, to nlease cive snacedecline any advertisement or other arinv: and "armies fieht on their bel- ,. Vf ;q..p . this i otter snfor publication. lies." Let us nronerlv care for the m.- Mm T-mmcr mnn nf vi-mr pnnntvuiai Lini ..vyujito uv -"- v. uwi......aaust invariably be accompanied bythe cashEDITORIAL MUSINGS.may have a chance for this examina-Whether corn prices are high or low, tion i know that it is your earnestthe farmer's profit depends on obtain- desire to assist the Government ining large acre yields. Large acre everv Way .possible to build up theyields l educe the expense of both labor ArmV and Navy, and I will be veryand land. It is remarkable that acre grateful for your co-operation in thisyields are increasing most rapidly in matter.the Sates southeast and the States "Very sincerely yours,north and west of the corn-belt States. "j. c. CANTRILL."These increased acre yields are largely .due to earlier and thicker planting ofbetter seed corn. Unnecessary losses RESOLUTIONS BY F. & A.M.ON DEATH OF W. A. WALLEN.Keeping Up Soil Fertility.The farmers of Europe produce from olantiiur Door seed corn are dirops of the great grain staples that minishine: as it is becoming better rein yield ,per acre greatly exceed ours, alized that neither frosts nor droughts Paris, Ky., April 29, 1917.Our farmers have had too much the can exterminate good acclimated vari- Whereas, The Granai Architect of thefeeling that you could go on indeli- eties if sufficient seed be saved from Universe has in his inscrutable Prov-nitely taking away from the soil with- g0O(i cr0ps to last until another good idence, removed from our midst Bro.cut putting anything back. In the vir- crop is obtained. Good seed corn will W. A. Wallen.rm sous oi uie iumuie west, it na& retain its powers of germination and Therefore, Be it Resolveddten been said that the land needs production for four or five years..210 fertilization. ,The Illinois Farmer in a recent editorial admitted that even in the bounteous soils of that State, more hasteen taken out than has been restored,he editor attributes the unsatisfactory acreage production of staples tofcilure to keep up fertility.Agriculture in the United StatesPARIS TESTIMONY.Home Proof, Here, There andEverywhere.1. That in the death of Bro. Wallenour order has sustained an irreparableloss. He was a polished Christian gentleman, an exemplary and useful citizen, a True Mason, a true and faithful husband, and a kind and faithfulfriend.2. That we deeply deplore his lossWhen j'ou see Doan's Kidney Pills to our order, to the community, andrnnnmmnn.lnr1 in tliio nonrtn -..i. t f'.l lllS fnTTUlV and fHeildS.. a-n 1 CL,UlIlIIlClllinil 111 LlUTt llllir!l Villi llllll. "" - t-f-uf i?oToVm5Htfnnem ahva's find the recommender a Paris 3. That we deeply sympathize withcenves iU elements of nutation from resident It.s the same everywhere- his bereaved family and tender tointo the ear of corn and grain of: in 3,S00 towns in the U. S..Z,rfi,Vflr t,Z Jm tif0 rh fll0usaDd PMPle PWMy thank Doan's. ence and sympatny m tins nour5 SoJi yin,rp! ftw "nS What other kidney remedy can give their bereavement and trial, andL ee"l ? d lXLJa L S tMs proof of merit, honesty and truV yoke the Divine and sustaining cFortv them our heartfelt brotherly condolence anu sympatny in mis nour olin-com-fat may come through rain, irriga- nn n.. T,. . ' . f4. forf linnn them in this their time ofZ- couTd not be published heThen in- trial.ctJSSf ? ?5 thin 11 h,fs sist on havin loan's. You will know 4. That a page in our records beabstracted. If not. then soil exahus- whafc vqu ar ettin pet aside, upon which these resolution in any locality is a mere ques-( phil-lp M Hellerproprietor meat tions shall be spread, and a copy sentSon of ume. pro.1IPO an . nr market, 722 Main Street, Paris, says: to the family and also furnished to theMan is a prodigal creature, and or- used Doan,g of our city for publiCation.ganizes his systems of waste as care- T0M j. KlSKRtftllj as metiious o rouucti on. wtai beneflted y them. Sometimes mvGLe?!n Li(2dllSS S?armH f: back has been weak and lame and theillJU IJilSt) UUl IU tui--. itiuvii ui tinmaterial is turned into streams to bethrown into the sea. Costly systemskidney secretions have passed too frequently, causing me to get up often at-J - nifT-hf- T liovo ncorl n linv rf rViin'ijf sewage are constructed to effect K?,' pi1c af t.n f. oc . " ,'this throwing away of necessary ele- ,rak '.,. e a mr e , n ioi,.,dents.JAS. A. ORR,R. P. CLENDENIN,Committee.WILL IT EVER HAPPEN TO US?have always rid me of the complaint."The farmer who is down on his I always Uiink that they are a splendid organization of an independent baack and complains of adverse weather meaicme and gladly recommend them.' baU team t0 fin ,n the season at wlackPrice 50 cents at all dealers. Don'tPlans are nearly completed for thebasein-mA iinvte wot? 01tnrlr IIO CIlftOTMTI ?T x.wwn v -. v&wu..w. w jU-t. f1r r m -nt r r -n A 11 A mmi,WUT, v , liiVinmi n.ir simply ask for a kidney remedy get ""a au"" ' "I1U " "u"from failure to toepup J s land Dur- Piilsthe same that f Saraes will be booked withing recent years fertilizins terialo J Foster-Milbuni Co., teams teams in Ohio and Kentucky.5?!? ?SS2 Uaiei?r. Props., Buffalo, N. Y. (adv) Charles Vallandingham, formerly withtihcally. But enrichment pays to-daythe Blue Grass League, will managethe Winchester team. He has succeeded in getting a team composed entirely of Winchester talent. Uniformsfcetter than ever, owing to high cost of MERCHANTS URGE PEOPLElabor. If the product of a farm can be, NOT TO HOLD SUPPLIESdoubled, the labor cost per unit of pro-.duct is greatly reduced." With the increases in the prices of have been ordered and preparations; foodstuffs, manj persons are purchas- for practice are under way.Disorderly Habits. -,, all(i storintr awav sunnlies enomrJi Thp sphemc of the Covineton nro-There are se "! persi . ,'" to last for months, which, according to motors, so well advertised through themanf ungpteufaftenJTt !o- -. only tends to increase winter, to piace teams in a numher oftowns in an mae-VpPn most towns lookine disorderly. P"ues at a SU11 greater extenc. wnen central Kentuckysnd are too much in evidence in Paris t was announced that fiour had jump- pendent league, seems to have fallenThe distribution of handbills and ad- ed to $15 a barrel in the Paris market nat, as no news regarding it has beenertising sheets is uften done in a many purchased several barrels in given out to the public for severalcareless way by boys. They will throw the belief that the price might ad- weeks. It is more than likely a frost,a bill on the porch of a house, where vance again. The same was true of as interest in base ball in this sectionthe first puff of wind blows it into the sugar. .g jusfc now confme(1 mainly t0 readinglManv bors in delivering hand bills' tWholesalers have been uncertain the newspaper accounts of the doingirnPSufl Uiem tai thf hands of l ' rge supplies and the in the big Leagues.passers-by who have no interest in retailers have been afraid not to havethem, and who throws them away a supply on hand. The wholesaler BULDNG 0F POWERFULwithout looking at them. , was uncertain because the market RADIO STATION BEGUN.Young fellows working as store might drop, leaving him with a large!cierks are often careless in handling ' stock on hand, and the retailer was Preliminary work on the construel;tter. The first duty of the morning afraid not to stock up for fear that tion of one of the most powerful wireis bo sweejp out the store, and if they jie might n-ot be able to secure thn less stations in the world has begunperform this task before the employer dg later Qn wiUlout paying prohibl at the Philadelphia navy yard, acRets around, they sometimes think . rf .cording to an official announcementthey can save five minutes of their I pnfn'pc .nloco. w . The construction of a huge hangerprecious time and energy by sweeping! The retailers and wholesalers of wWch w,u house eight batUe hydro.the refuse into the streets. (Paris are urging our citizens to pur airplanes js also under way.This newspaper has previously re-1 chase only what they actually need and The new wireless station will haveTiiarked on the common habit of throw- not hoard away their supplies to in- a sending radius of approximatelyfng away on the streets the paper crease the cost greater than it already three-fourths of the distance aroundhags in which fruit, candy, peanuts isX ...MMA ..lr. rt-krl Allrtthflr C flVOtl.ly and offensive trick is the habit oftearing up letters and scattering thescraps over the walks. Some one hasto pick up these pieces bit by bit ifthe street is ever to look clean.Probably the only way to get at thisdisorderly spirit is in the long runthrough the schools. Every schoolroom ought to have a regular lessoneach spring, and perhaps several times& year on the public value of neatnessThe children should be told that dirtystreets make the town less attractiveto ftrangers, make people less likely tocome here to live, tnat tney uejpressthe value vf real estate, and thus workagainst the prosperity and comfort ofertry &.the globe, making possible directI communication with the Philippinesand other insular possessions of the; United States. The aerial structure! will be more than 700 feet high.CLEAR AWAY THE WASTEAltitude Lessens Power.The curious fact has been demonstrated that high altitudes apparently'jave a marked effect on the power obtainable from a gas engine. Recentlyone was erected sveral thousand feet Bowel regularity is the secret ofabove the sea level, but upon testing good health, bright eyes, clear comfailed to give the desired power. An ' plexions, and Dr. King's New Lifeinvestigation- followed, and the loss in Pills are a mild and gentle laxativepower was attributed to the height at JJ regulates the bowels and relieveswhich the. engine was operating. The Jh fLfS fn1rem0vl?g. , . i n , the accumulated wastes without grip-general conclusion was reached that a ing Take a pill before retiring andgas engine loses about 1 per cent of its that heavy head, that dull spring feverIndicated horsepower per 1,000 feet of feeling disappears. Get Dr. King'selevation. Popular Mechanics. New Life Pills at your druggist, 25c.""" ' (may-adv)ftBHBBflSM. BHBbBI HHllBflHHlBMla. HHIHHkHHmUm Four times ilie$&vin& IM 'Wmffjf Multiply that savingly four. Use Diamonds M IEPl! Depend on Diamond Squeegee Treads black m EEoS?7ia tread 5:sd sidesrubber that is as buoyant as the HfjWWMM && t surrounds, and tougher than the road it travels. m h jyreiyjfcftj Every Diamond Tire must oeliver full value in mllllS IVHHp service. If ever a Diamond Tire fails, a cheerful, mill I IV IfS'KJEPIIi "willing adjustment will be promptly made. mJII f IDON'T LET YOUR COUGH HANG ONA cough that racks an weakens is 'dangerous, it undermines your healthand thrives on neglect. Relieve it at,once with Dr. King's New Discovery.This soothing balsam remedy heala jthe throat, loosens the phlegm, its antiseptic properties kill the germ andthe cold is quickly broken up. Children and growns-ups alike find Dr. 'King's New Discovery pleasant to 'take as well as effective. Have a hot-'tie handy in your medicine chest for,grippe, croup and all bronchial affections. At druggists, 50c.(may-adv)You Don't Have toStoopIf You Use aGarlandCabinetRangeH lmP MEverybody Knows HendricksTelephone 2585texington, Ky.All Metal(Higgins Mfg. Co.)Window ScreensWeather StripsWALGER AWNINGSA beautiful line of Garlands on dlsplay. Come in and look them over.Paris Gas & Electric Co.(Incorporated)mSOneDropBourbon Poultry Remedydown a chicle's win Jpipe fTTlfZ'CA few drops in tho !f TiiS2annking water cures rt"r!Sdiarrhoea, cholera and other chickdiseases. One 50-cent bottle makes12 gallons of medicine. At drugglsta or by mall postpaid, valuable poultry book free on request.IIVII9I IEIEI7 CO., lultti, UiBest Screen Doors and Windows InThe World.Window and Door Equipments.T. A, HENDRICKSLEXINGTON, KY,Special AttentionIs Called To Our Pretty Display OfSUMMER DRY GOODS,DRESS GOODS, SILKS,LADIES' SUITS, SILK SUITS,SILK SKIRTS, COATS, WAISTS.Handsome Display ofLADIES', MISSES' AND CHILDREN'STRIMMED HATSWE GIVE BLUE STAMPS. Call in. We are pleasedto show you. We are reasonable in price, and will saveyou on your purchases.twin Bros. Department StoreSeccntft and main $t$.Paris, KentncKyIi. NFRIDAY, MAY 4, 1917.THE BOURBON NEWS, PARIS, KY,PAGE TURKANNOUNCEMENT.We are authorized to announce thogood Democrats below as candidiatesat the Democratic primary on August4, 1917, to fill the offices to whichthey aspire:FOR STATE SENATORLEE W. WAINSCOTT,Clark County.GEORGE HON,Clark County.ABRAM RENICK,Clark County.FOR REPRESENTATIVE.C. M. THOMASFOR SHERIFF.WILL. G. McCLINTOCK,.vt Doc Marshall and Bob Gilkey asdeputies.L. A. SOPER,With D. E. Clarke and L. C. Ashcraftas deputies.FOR COUNTY JUDGE.GEORGE BATTERTONc. a. McMillan.FOR COUNTY ATTORNEYDAVID D. CLINE.COUNTY SUPERINTENDENTSCHOOLS.J. B. CAYWOOD.MISS MABEL ROBBINS,OFFOR JAILERGEO. W. JUDYTHOS. TAUL,JOHN H. DOTY,WALKER RISER,C. T. MASTERSON,W. O. BUTLER,JOHN W. KING,J. W. HART.FOR ASSESSORWALTER CLARK,of Paris, with Jno. J. Redmon, of NorthMiddletown, as deputy.GEO. D. SPEAKES,of Paris, with Lee R. Craven, of LittleRock at Deputy.FOR MAYORJAMES H. MORELAND.W. O. HINTONE. B. JANUARYFOR POLICE JUDGECLAUDE P. REDMON,J. W. BROWN,P. A. THOMPSON.HARRY L. MITCHELL.ERNEST MARTINBEST REMEDY FORWHOOPING COUGH"Last winter when my little boy hadthe whooping cought I gave him Chamberlain's Cough Remedy," writes MrsJ. B. Roberts, East St. Douis, 111. "Itkept his cough loose and relieve hiirof those dreadful coughing spells. ItIs the only cough medicine I keep inthe house because I have the mostconfidence in it" This remedy isalso good for colds and croup.(may-ad v)EYE STRAINMEANSNERVE STRAINThere is no form of functionalnerve disorder that may not becaused by or aggravated by eyestrain. Have us examine youreyes now.We Fit WhereOthers FailAny lens quickly duplicated.FRYE & FRANKLINDoctors of OptometryDowBIdg., opp. Windsor HotelMflRGOLEN'SSPECIALS THome-KilledMeatsBeef, Pork, Veal, Lamb.Fruits and Vegetables.Special Prices This Week,HIS WEEKMftRGOLEN'SHUNDREDS TELLOF EXPERIENCEKentircklans 111 Over SlatsFind Tanlac Great Kelp.NEW TONIC GAINS FRIENDSIlimflrnrtc nf Tr ,...... i i . . .Jiawiui. .tvn -jl me numes were uarnIfirotn redsofK "itiickmnsilonotlies:. 'ened and illuminated with wax taTnL Ca "G , I,ul)hel-V in l,rnIh of Pers. The Endicott home was decor--Luiu.ie.Men and women in every imrt ntpd in Hnwjiiinn oninrc athciV whsvl nit.- Mate nave been Helped buck to furnished by a Victrola playing thegood health by this new tonic. Here Hawaiian national airs. The diningare just a few of the hundreds of room was beautifully decorated, thestatements made by people of the Blue lare round table being covered withGrass State in regard to Tanlac- a Hawa"an lace cloth with peacockSALYERSVILLE-Nancy J Powers- fea1th,ers wo,?d fin iL Mrs. Endicott"I was trm.i.wi xuu ., "weia; and he assistants were costumed inrhmuurpLf;:ltMyes"eH,aWaUan Styl. 0ranSeS and ""'bore and mv f,i hj.j., . ,sesu Since taking Tanlac fooddoesn't disturb mv s.nm.,,i, .i ,.pains have disappeared.an ac issurely a great medicine."HL'P.XSIDE c. V Lane lumberspector: "Headaches, 'constipationand nervousness i.s.ri ,-, L .,.become so run-down that I was un- I. . v-njjjj 1UC LWttU,c " worn. xaniac was recom-inenuea to me bv several frioiwleNow I can do a dsiv's wm-k viii ,.'bodyVALLEYfarmer:STATION George Ray,"For more than a year 1as trouoiod with my stomach. 1would wake at night with cramps..alter tnree bottles of Tanlacstomach never bothers me.certainly is a great tonic."....myu aniacSTEPHEXSBL'RG Elza Young, mer-plinnt. "Hvl.. ..i,.l..ndown I had trouble rr0fMnpr n Jnight's sleep. With my first bottle ofTanlac I bogan to feel stronger and Inow sleep better than in years'"ivILGORE Joe W. Cqtton, farmer: "Iam in my seventy-ninth year andnaturally am subject to ailments, par-ticularly stomach. Since beginningTanlac I have felt so much strongerthat I will continue using5ing it until mystomach feels entirely well."( airs, in the dining room potato saiaa " nu"lllCiI3 "l ucl"1"'J'a peai lu'and Dutch sandwiches were served. the neutral world, and the failure ofTanlac, the master medicine and an(1 again the party made its way to "er foreign policy,reconstructive tonic, is sold exclu- tne home of Mrs. Charles Martin, rep- Consistent with his earlier attitude,sively in PARIS by Varden & Son. resenting Iceland. Here the decora- Herr Harden has words of .praise forOther exclusive agents in nearby tions and costumes were most attrac- President Wilson and his policy an.ltowns are as follows: tivGf and jn keeping with the country reveals in various passages a slightingHUTCHISON, Snell & Wood; MIL- represented. The guests were receiv opinion of Dr. Alfred Zimmermann,LERSBURG, W. G. Wadell; ELIZA e(j at tne front door by Miss Eugenia v.hich he did not conceal at the timeBETH, Oscar Smith; CARLISLE wadell attired in a heavy fur coat. A o Zimmermann's elevation to MinisTrueman & Son; GEORGETOW... C. hUgh iceberg greeted the guests as turial rank.H. Arnold; WINCHESTER, Duty Drug thev entered Further back in the hallCompany; AUSTERLITZ, B. S. Par ' a cave witll a whlte lP0iar bear in STATE HAS RIGHT TOnsh. (adv.)COST OF BOARDING HIRED HELP.It costs $128 per year to board ahired hand, according to estimates- . , , . i -r , i. e afurnished tx the Department of Agri-culture by 1,000 farmers presenting bergs. Ices and lady lingers wer "" - """ " fwidely separate sections in 11 States, served. ,u' vhetther such a&ents must be res1'The averages derived from these esti-l From here the tour extended to the den s.. ,. , . . . AI C. representing Japan. Eery- The opinion was the result of a suitma,w- a-,Gn embodld m ?1menc thing here represented dainty Japan. by Ben Adams against C. F. Thomas,J' r?ceni publlsbe.d' en the ladies beautifully atired in Japa- state insurance Commissioner of KenrJ ? J x tt ? FaThGS f lese kimonas, with hair artistically tuck w an interlocutory injun0.Food, Fuel and Use of Home.' dressed. All were given seats on Japa-It was found that the total annual ,nese cushions, where tea and rice . ..L . . .eIflM1! . Van. , p ko rnr. ,0,i 'Infnrc Wor RP.rvftd. This comnleted "cense to him to do business in Ken-help varied from $104 in Vermont and the tour. It was by far the most pleas-Pennsvlvania to SIG in New Jersey ing entertainment ever given here, andLd Sat e nVcentoge of this ost im always be remembered as one oland that tne percentage or tins costi lPnsant times in the historypaid m cash varied trom lo per,of Millersburg. The ladies have been of the hearing of the case, preventingcent in North Carolina to 4! per cent.,urged to repeat itf aTld should they do Tlromas from interfering in the conin California. This percentage is about s0 the attendance will be far larger ducJ. Qf the business of Adams continone third in the easiern section than before, notwithstanding thestudied, about one-fourth in the cornbelt States, and still less in the Southern States.A GOOD STORY.Here is a good story related by aprominent clergyman of the Church ofEngland, Canon Ainger, in his Reminis- jome Telephone Co.. extending an incences, as recently published. vitation to attend the coming meetingThe worthy canon tens us tnai anthrough his life he has been a grealover ot children, and never foundLimself at a loss to provide amusementfor such as came his way. He set outone night to attend a party for chil-dren in the home of a friend in Lon-don. Arriving at the door he said tothe footman: "Do not announce me,in,on- "Tin nnt .nnnnnnpo. nie.and proceeded to take off his coat and vile Kycreep into the dining room on his B'verv independent Telephone opehands and knees, making stranse'rator manufacturer and jobber is benoises, as the neighing of a horse or invited and urged to attend thistne orayiiiis ui " "oi3- A'" -..- --laughter or applause greeted his ef-rorts anu wnen ne iuun.cu uH nv. iu""" ater the attenuance lfoui uma puij himself in the company of a party of Qf the statef and this is to extendstrangers, men and women, who were q fl most liearty invitation. I hadseated at tlie dinner table, and were - leasure 0f attending this Convenleveing him as some escaped lunatic tion at Knoxvine last year and wouldkho had somehow managed to get hold nQt haye missed -lt for many times theI o" a clergj-man's dress. ! expense."The children's party," the Canon ..Reservations should be made attells us, "was next door." the eariiest possible date, as the spring. . 'race meeting is on at the same timeThP Cuban government has estan-i ,, ,,rtt,c nrp iirRiv to be crowdjlished nine wireless stations on the'e(1 and accomniodatiuns will be at aIsland of UUDa anu oue uu tne -Pines.I KENTUCKY TRACTION& TERMINAL COMPANYInterurban Schedule.CARS LEAVE10:05 p. m.ParisforLexington6:45 a. m.7:30 a, m.8:15 a, m.9:00 a. m .945 a. m.11:15 a, m.12:45 p. m.2:15 p. m.3:45 p. m.4:30 p. m.5:15 p. m.6:05 p. m.11:00 p. m.LexingtonforParis6:00 a. m.7:20 a. m.8:00 a. m.8:50 a. m.10:20 a. m.11:50 a. m.1:20 p. m.2:50 p. m.3:30 p. m.4:20 p. m.5:00 p. m.6:00 p. m.7:20 p. m.9:10 p. ct-8:50 p. m.8:16 p. m.MILLERSBURG'AOne of the most unique entertainments ever given in Millersburgwas that known as the "Tour of the"World," given on Thursday afternoonby the ladies of the Methodist ChurchIn fact, it was five entertainments inone, for which an admission price otfifty cents was charged. All holdersI of ticrKs assembled at the park and"were i .'en to the various homes represent K- -e countries in automobiles. 31-3 a three squads. Thehours -wore .vi, four and five.They we4 first taken to the homeof "!Trs Rn7 T7!nrlirntf ronvoBDntinrI 7, .. ". -. .wvv, iiwxoJiawa;i. ah ot the homes were darn.Pie& ber eu', Fron,h;re ? we' drIven t0 th?"ume UL irb- w- iU- -uuier, represemin"- Ampn'pji Ti'lnn-c rmrl Amorian am.biems Were in evidence everywhere.in-lIlie ests were greeted by sentinelsstationed at the entrance of the frontwalk, and also on the veranda. Colo-nial America was also represented,some of the pages being dressed inWashingtonian costumes. The guestsiwere received by Mrs. J. Clarke Leer,'Jr., and ushered into thedrawinglroon? where they were greeted by soft"ms.lls 1IUU1 Lue viuims umuiss iuai;Tallica T3tmio onrl flanrmo TVToTa r ?ollaccompanied by Miss Pauline Jonespianist. Those assisted in receiving,wprft nttirpd in fftnr nnrl Strings.-... ... - ,while those who served in the dining Irnr.m roinrpspntpd Tndinn mnirlpris. Thndininc-room was artistieallv decoratedin red. white and blue, with twonuSh hatchets on the center table.The menu consisted of old ham, dress-ed eggs, peas on toast, pickle, beatenbiscuit and coffee.From here the guests were drivento the home of Mrs. A. S. Best, repre-senting Holland. Here Dutch cus-toms were carried out as far as possi-ble in costumes and decorations, aVictrola playing the Holland national:,, anfrqnr.n ThP hnmo cns decor.the entrance.ated Uiroughout in ice and snow, andfir trees with the exception ot oneirvm. renresentinc Vineland. whichwas exquisitely decorated in vinesA.victrola furnished music of national'airs The dining room was decoratedi .v i,,.,- Mn. oni iVpwith fir treets, heavy snow ana ice-crowd exceeded all previous expectations. SOUTHERN STATETELEPHONE ASSOCIATIONTHE NEWS is in receipt ot tne toi-wjUg letter from Mr. J. J. Veatch, ofPjir;; District Manager of the Centralf th southern States lndepenuenTolni,nn Association, at Louisville.E(litor BOURBON NEWS, Paris, Ky.:gar Sir,.The southern States IndependentTceDi10ne Association has decided on.. .tp nf Mav 24. 25 and 26 for their. Annual Convention, which is to;. 1, .n. -r ,.:,-, .;iir. Mrfol T mns-. ., t the Louisville Hotel, louis-Qnvention ana tne unueia6"cuGciallv requested to personally lookpremium.j "For further information on both accommodations, rates and reservations.,. miv Prtmmiinic.ate directly with'the Louisville Hotel or Mr. Minor Cor-,mau, in care Central Home Telephoneic TeJegrapn lo boui&vim:, iu..who is Chariman of Attendance Committee."Yours very truly,"J. J. VEATCH."A Delicious Cup of Tea.If you want to keep your frieni"guessing get from your druggist aeighth of a pound of dried orange biosoms (they are very expensive) ancteep two or three to a cupful aloirwith your tee leaves. Omit sugirlemon or cream, as either cloys thdelicate flavor of the orange buds. Bsure you get them strictly fresh anfrom a receptacle tightly covered ankeep them air tight yourself. Thnovel idea was introduced Into smaistudios by a clever Frenchwoman aiproved very popular.BROKEN DOWNIN HEALTHWoman Tells How $5 Worthof Pinkham's CompoundMade Her Weil.Lima, Ohio. "I "was ali broken downinhealthfromadisplacement.Oneof myI lady friends came toset rne and she nri-vised mc to commence talcing LydiaE. Pinkham's Vegetable Compoundand to use Lydia E.Pinkham's SanativeWash. I began taking your remediesand took $5. 00 worthand in two monthswas a well womanafter three doctors said I never wouldstand up straight agdn. I was a midwife for seven years and I recommendedthe Vegetable Compound to every womn to take before birth and afterwards, and they all got along so nicelythat it surely is a goJsend to sufferingwomen. If women wish to write tome I will be delighted to answer them."Mrs. Jennie Moyer, 342 E.North St,Lima, CLio.Women who suffer from displacements, weakness, inegularities, nervousness, hfirknr.hp. or henrincr-rlowni pains, need the tonic properties of ther0ots and herbs contained in Lydia E.nmenam's V egetable Compound.I cnrMWl ItKKIbLt" KAKfcSTHE GERMAN'S PRETENSES.' COPENHAGEN,May, 3. Maximilianme.n' th9 German "enfant terrible,"P"fiisiies in the latest issue of Die"Kunft another daringly frank arti-? exposing to German readers theshams, pretenses and mistakes" oftn?r government s policy,Tlie article is devoted to the entry.the United States into the war,which Herr Harden warns the peopleust pe taen most seriously, bothfrom the moral side, as a symptom ofREGULATE INSURANCE BUSINESSFederal Judges Warrington, Hollister and Cohohran. sittinir at. nnvincr-T , 111 .k. .k o:" rKentuckv has the rhrht to reeuHte theKentucky has the right to regulate thebusiness of insurance companies with-. fLUll, OULUlUtl), 11U1U LlItlL Lilt: OUilLG ULtucky .At the Ume of the ' of thesuit, Adams was granted an appeal tothe Supreme Court and the temporaryrestraininir order, cranted at tlie tima ,ued until May 5.Adams in his suit sought to preventThomas from enforcing sections 14-16ol the Kentucky statutes wherein itprovided that all agents of insurancecompanies doing business in Kentuckyshall be bona-fide residents of thestateGET RID OF YOUR RHEUMATISM.Now ist he time to get rid of yourrheumatism. You will find Chamberlain's Liniment a great help. The relief which it affords is alone worthmany times its cost.(may-adv)n. irnfrll.cll im.flHm i: n ifvin. a . .....glass that may be attached to pencilor engraving tool to aid a draftsmanor engraver.DRIVING OUT CATARRHIf people knew how the presenceof ciitarrh Is a constant menace,they would have none of It ItInfests some part of the delicatelyadjusted body and makes it useless,thus throwing on the other organsmore than their share of work. Itaffords a carefully prepared seedbed for the cerms of colds, grip,tuberculosis and pneumonia. It sodisarranges Nature's delicate plansas to make possible asthma, hayfever and other respiratory disorders. It spreads until it becomessystemic, thus involving many organs and debilitating the entiresystem with serious results.Catarrh is easily neglected, andit rarely gets well of itself. Itneeds proper medicinal correction.For almost half a century manythousands have found help in Peruna, a valuable tonic with specialefficacy in catarrhal conditions.The aim is to clean out waste matter, to dispel the catarrhal inflammation, and tone up the whole system. Its users willingly testifythat it has done all this and evenmore for catarrhal sufferers. Whatit has done is the best proof ofwhat it will do. You may rely onPeruna.In tablet form it is pleasant totake and easy to administer.illnnnllnTablets arethe ideallaxative andliver tonic.They haveno unpleasa n t effectsand do notform a habit. 10c, 25cjHSJKSSThePeraaaCof?rtnirit)t?n- O-Tfi"H'M",I"t!l',M"X''I"I"I'':i'i''iZi'I"Iiir'Ii'Ili !Sole AgencyTACY -SHOESJ 4! tJL$7-oo and $7-5Take Advantageand SaveIIeHARRYII H ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! -T ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! !I Automobile Hearse or Ambulance!I desire to announce to ourdesired, furnish an automobile hearse or ambulance. Thismethod of transpertation is especially desired on long trips,the same being made in better time, and at no advance incost over the horse-drawn conveyance.6E0. W. DAVIS, Funeral Director.fCiag'ififri FrostJack Frost cuts deep into the fm Atpoorly painted house. Each fv " .cold snap freezes the moisture Ijr v vj-in the boards and cracks thewood just as freezing burstso bottles of water.Keep out the moisture with weather-proofpaint made of Dutch Boy White Lead thinnedwith pure linseed oil. That will defeat JackFrost. It will add fresh beauty, long remainsmooth, non-cracking and weatherproof.We have all paint materials for big or little jobs.And friendly advice, too. CalL 'phone, or write us.C. A. DAUGHERTYI e olo ol tftOld Old 6 ITHAT'S THE POLISH'21SHOE POLISHES10 -BLACK-WHITE-TAN- 10RF.Dalley Co. of Newbrkl,Buffalo,NY.11 M '! '1Hemstitching !We are now prepared to dothe finest kind ofHemstitching and Picot!Edge Workon all kinds of material. Specialattention given to mail orders.Special Demonstrator FromCincinnati, Ohio.All work and prices guaranteedsatisfactory.TheSINGER SEWINGMACHINE STOREE. Tenn. Phone 931 Home Phone 418627 MAIN ST., PARIS, KY.ADAMSof These PricesMoney.LINVILLE! .! I. ! . .J. ! !! ! ! ! ! I-M.M. !friends that I can, whereDutch BoyAnchorWhiteLeadI0 I A S Ola AViIProfessional Cards.Bourbon Building &Loan AssociationFIRST NAT'L BANK BUILDINGIN REAR OF BANKEntrance on Fourth StreetDR. WM. KENNEYEye, Ear, Nose and ThroatROOMS 403-404.FIRST NAT'L BANK BUILDINGPHONE 136.WM, GRANNANAttorney-at-LwROOMS 401-402.FIRST NAT'L BANK BUILDING30f -iFOURTHE BOURBON NEWS,PARIS, KY.FRIDAY, MAY 4, 1117MhMnifillMI:I:iII 'Pijtf5)1 Jfi'1(2t5mi M'mt'1s!iiidi2nIIUVThe Bourbon Newsbllshed 188136 Years of Con-Unions Publication. 'Bwfelished Every Tuesday and FridayTf vMr 59 nn ?iv Mntith Si nn-rer xm-'- . T,tFayame in Aavance. .WIFT CHAMP, Editor and Owner.tered at the Paris KentuckyXerea at IDC raOfa, JVBUllU.ll.yfPostoffice as Mail Matter of theSecond Class.)WARNING TO SPEEDERS..The automobile season is now rap,,. , , . , . .. , ..,Idly approaching, in fact, It is Withns now. and the inherent desire ofthe spcBdomanics to burn up spacend gasoline will soon be manifestedla the reports to the papers of deathsand accidents.The speeders are hereby given fair,...... V 4-X -U- J A4. Af. -r V rT -r ,,,the city of Paris with the full co-openation of the county authorities thatan of the automobile laws of the ed under the personal supervision of We have some very attractive, conserity, county and State will be enforc JMiss "Leoria Wiard and Frances But-.ative wel1 as oelted top-coats ated to the letter, and that they are ex-'ler, who have devoted many anxious ?- t0 ?3- ,,-pected to be fully advised as to the;requirements of the various lawsSpeeding is the breach of the lawsthat affect the most people, and theefficers have decided that an attemptwill be made to break it up, even ifit requires the employment of plainclothes men to do it.As an illustration of the utter reek-Iessnes3 and defiance of the laws THElern woman to enlist lor active serviceKEWS will cite an instance. Sunda -was a gteat temptation for the auto-. t try out their machines. Oneoi uies, ariven Dy a Carlisle mancame dashing down Fourth StreetSunday afternoon. Two Paris citizensere a')0ut to cross the street at thecorner of Main and Fourth. The dri"ver of he machine made no attemptto warn them by sounding his horn,xor did he try to checkHip ?nppd nf. l .owl missedliis machine, which narrowii i i ii.- mme .juie ;n tue uoniur. i wwcitizens called the attention to by-Btanders to the marks left on thsstreet by the tires to show how nartow an escape they had made. The;gay boy in the machine, like all otherirresponsible ones of his kind, went Ion, unconcerned about anything save;iis conceit in being considered a 'dashing youth."Soma of these davs some citizen ofthe city of Paris is coing to do some-tiling that will excite the wrath of onecf these speeders and then there willwith tho rkless drivel-v fJJ fnMn nniway feet foremost m on-lie a funeralleading the-ot tne auto nearaes umongme to aParis undertaker.Pair warning, boys!THE DAUGHERTY SiOREiiMnrDniMo i . DDmrM tr k.t-unutnuwuxu imrnuv tmm iExtensive improvements are beingMrtis ; h mm 1 111made in Uie Daugherty building, at th -..w . v ,....ncorneroMain and FitUi streets, occuTied by Daugherty Bros, and the C. A.Jiaasnerrv nainr. ann "o,nii nnner srore.f;fltbjp-to-The former entrance onstreet has been closed and an upri mu jaaausB1 f;1 ."'.NOTED ARTIST ILLitellei The second floor of the build- AT HER pARS H0MEing will be used for the display of wall Ipaper, player pianos and Victrolas, allin charge of a competent demonstrator. The third floor will be used as aimishing room for furniture storage.purposes, wtw.The whole work is well under way.nd will be carried forward to anearly completion.Every Lady inBourbon CountyTo Visit OurBAKERY!EVERY DAYVISITORS'DAY!WILMOTHGrocery Co.Phone 376WANTEDMILITARY TRAININGOF BOYS AT P. H. S.Prof. E. T. Proctor, of the ParisHigh School faculty, who has had aicufoii cAiicwcuv-6 x xwv.ij mauioand a good Sundin in training work,1,as orSmzed a company of sixty1boys' who put in each afternon in so-ing through the manual of arms atjuie i-ans nign acnooi auer school."ours- iue are UBCUUlins ver v'ficent 4Prof. Proctor did not take up theworK , m a view or Pr?ParmS "iehnvc f nroconf eon-oo fnH thenv,.. . j ... . ..v., ..training is not in connection with theschool course, but a private affair. Thetraining the boys get will be of vastbenefit to them in more ways thanone. They will get the benefit of thesame tactics as are employed in thetraining of the National Guard, and,in case they should be called on inthe future, will have a good workingknolwedge to start with. Prof. Proctor attended State University, and wasa member of the cadet corps of thatinstitution. Before that he had largeexperience that fitted him for the workhe has undertaken."THE WILD ROSE" ATUNEFUL PRODUCTION"The Wild Rose," a tuneful andcnarming little operetta, was presented by the girls of the Paris HighSchool at the High School auditoriumlast Monday night in a manner that! would have done credit to profession-lilsf , .vi fnB rt n fT,The entertainment was one of the', hnrminfr nTiri nlPsinjr nffrnr nf,.V ..0 ..w 0 -...... w wthe kind that has ever been given inside of the walls of the Auditorium.The participants had been well drilledin the characters they assumed, andthoy gave their rendition and interpretation of the characters in a way thatI1CUCULCU JJJLUJJl WlClllI U1I LIIU11 UIOWUU-tors and themselves. It was all dainty,nd perfectly natural.-i i1P o,nprptta. wns nirentod and stan-moments to preparing .their youngcharges for the parts they assumed inthe castFORMER BOURBON COUNTYWOMAN IN THE NAVYTo a former Bourbon county woman,Mrs. Hattie Hutchison Todd, has fallenthe distinction of being the first South!in tiie United States Navy.Mrs. Todd was formerly Miss HattieHutchison, daughter of Mr. NathanI Hnhtam- and annie BayIess Hutch -inn nf this nnnntv. ntid was raised onthe old Hutchison farm near Hutchison.I A letter to relatives in Paris from- IMemphis, Tenn., stated that Mrs. Toddjftatl joined the navy, and had been, The winners of the seven events were:f81 " th.e i.?11111! h?lhn,&Jlrregular' me 1:15 4.-5; Big Enough,iuailu llu 10 """"""fa vywiv-v- i i-jU. S. Navy, and at present stationed( Norfolkf Va Mrs. Todd will be1 .- ... ... .i bookkeeper m the recruiting sen-ice,jaml will have a place on board the re-ceiving ship with chances of beingassigned to more active service infuture.theMISS HAMILTON'S ADDRESS.A delightful address on the subiect',i n, otMrdno frmnMv innrond- 'of "American Ideals." was deliveredial the residence of Miss Ollie BucknerMinokuchi. Monday evening by Miss!Neddie Hamilton, of New York, repre-seating the New York Chautauqua..n auuience composeu ul a numuerof Mrs" Minakuchi's fnends. who hadKoa esPeciall-v iuvited t0 hear MissIIarailt0Ilf ,vas present, and enjoyeding in social enjoymentsir;. Unmiifnn "ime Vior rlnlii'ain.r. -a "au",lu" "" u uv.....i n,i.i-nr.r.nc. in 11 Mm nr nn no t-iv-c"uul::aw '" "" t"- H'i"" w"i"-land cities of the Blue Grass section. .- . -. -. t itHo mtorocr nt tin 10 in n in nnrtlloc lloOT1 fllo ropln:ont nf marA rn.:i.e address to the utmost. After the Faris to the Kentucky Sales Co.'s auc- o" n me ciucr si;n oi ucn in.delivery of the address an informal re- t:cn some time a0 pnovements. and the remaining om-1ception was held during which the, The winners of the seven races on l'r'd rha11 be bornG b-v tllG ril at 'f,uosts had the .pleasure of meeting ( e f.rth day were: First race ra:":?- !;ut vhere a street railway or)2tfi!-s Hamilton personally ana mauig- nnotri timr i-i 4-?;- sppiihI mre li:i"n'',a Iui:i atrjs'-.. on or aion-, ,.,, ,,, , u nr.ofni vnnnir'"-"-'Those charm! o person',, l?lXtLJ?Z;ZZ... , .. -,-,. . ,greatly enhanced Uie delivery of heraddresses.The Winchester Daily Sun says:"Dr. .and Mrs. C. H. Rees and Mrs.Alice Sutherland motored to Paris Sun-Jay to spend Uie day withthe!r couaixlfyrra tt u,,t Pi1f,ro f f Hill nf Pnric Kvwlo is seriously ill. airs. Hill made ancpie for herself in Paris, France eight-i w. ...-. - .. w-.-w- --. V, -.---., W-. -- - -W, -.-.J..Kears. where she pursued her art. Shejhas two pictures exhibited in the Salonai rans, i ranee, a 71 01 uie ponrausin the Paris, Ky., court house are herwork. A verv fine nortrait of .TudeeJames French and his name-sake andnephew, James French, in the home oftne Misses Mary Emma and BettieF.risht, in Winchester, were executedby Mrs. Hill. She is also distinguished as a speaker and writer of no meanability."P -, i , iLW.r, 'fcS-4 f-IREInsure withW.O.HINTGN &SOrM,AgtsFIRE CAUSES LOSS OF$50,000 AT GLASGOW.Fire, which started Tuesday morning in F. M. Breeding's livery stable,at Glasgow, destroyed $50,000 worth ofpxoperty. Breeding's stable, Jones' res-1taurant, Gordon s gallery and the Glas-(gow Republican office were destroyedand half a dozen other buildings weredamaged. One horse perished in thefire.Fire, wind and lightninginsurance.Thomas, W oodford &BryanMAYSVILLE RESIDENCE ANDBARN BURNED DOWNThe home of Rufus Dryden, nearMaysville, was burned to the groundTuesday afternoon. The barn, together with all farm implements and ayoung horse, were consumed. The lossis $2,000. The property was -insured.The blaze started in a defective flue.ANNIVERSARY DAY EXERCISESThe annual anniversary day of theParis Epworth League will be observedwith appropriate services at the Meth -uuisl wiuruu ounaay evening, Aiay u. at7:30 o'clock. A specially arrangedprogram presenting the "EpworthTree" will be given by the officers ofthe local Chapter.The public is cordially invited to at-tend this sen-ice. The program in fullis as follows:Voluntary Miss Nannie BrentO'Neill, Organist.t i.j t. ttt ,,i luvuuauoa itev. w. u. oauier.j Responsive Reading Sixty-fifth, PsalmHymn "We Shall See the KingSome" Choir.Old Testament Lesson Mr. Y. H.Harrison.Lord's Prayer.Hymn "0, Jesus, I Promised" Congregation. Lesson from New Testament MissVella Mastin."The Fruits of the Epworth League"Mr. Dennis V. Snapp.Duet "Is there Room for Me?" Mrs.Jas. Grinnell, Jr., and Mrs. S. T. Chipley. "Fruits of Spiritual Work" MissSara Power."Fruits of Social Service" Mrs. S.T. Chipley.Reading "Co-operation" Miss NevaCalvert"Fruits of Recreation and Culture"Mrs. Jas. Grinnell, Jr."Fruits of Missionary Work" MissFrances Hancock.Prayer Mr. Edgar Tingle."League Extension Work" Mr. Finnell Galloway.Offertory.Hymn "Lead On O King Eternal"Congregation.Epworth League Benediction.SUCH WEATHER AS THISFinds a light-weight overcoat useful.J. W. DAVIS & CO.THE LEXINGTON RACES.Large crowds and good racing continue to be the leading feature of theLexington races, which began Saturday in an auspicious opening with a'good card.I The winners in the seven events onMonday, the second day were: Rhy-mer, time 1:18 3-5; Compadre, timeIkterTtime lTlT M;' Aldebaran. tfroe:51 2-5; Opportunity, time 1: 43 1-5:1:48 2-5; Squelar. time 1:17 1-5; Gro-ver Hughes, time 1:50.The third day, Tuesday, saw a repetition of the big crowds and fine racing with splendid weather prevailing.nine :oo; uunu ttugguge, ume i:is;Col. Venne, time 1:46; Solid Rock,time 1:41 4-5; Eastern Princess.time :5G: Billows, time 1:45 1-5.a g0O(i waQ 0f Paris money was'nlaced on Mr. Arthur B. Hancock'sEmbroidery, in the fourth race, but thei u!e following streets of the CityI good nag finished in second place, af- jofTf.a"a' iKy'! ?ha11 e paved:ter a hard fight for first honors. I T " . "v .i wu u. LU iuiThe fourth day's card was equally as teenth street;frnnrl n tho miP nf Hip nrPrPrlintr ,loV. Main Street from Tenth btreet to',! ow f !, ,i -tu ot,,h,oLrncnont of fino Qnorfti.o nrinrinni pvpmJ nf thn rinv'csport Was the winning of the maiden'race for two-year-olds, which KeenethAlexanders Escoba took in :55 o-o.The colt's dam Christmas Star, was.phased from -one of the consign-ments of Mr catesbv Woodford, of- . .. 1 r A-. ..A.i.t-t ti n,. :.,, . r i r. i.:.,1 .-vsanvninu. time i:io -o louitnA . 7 , i. -t n . -. nut.race ijnngnurst, time 1:12 -i-o; nun,0,, linlp .s 9.r. svth mro.' 'r i x: i. ox,., 5,.i:"s ,s : ' ,.-o; sevenin race? i,, T '.. "i c: :.' ..... ... if i -"a v ..ww j v , -, ,the coU1 and gtoomy weather. Theraces mied out well, and the crowdmnnpv. ntgot a good run for their money, atleast the fortunate ones did. The win-... , ' 1. .;ners ot tne seven events were as 101-I lows: First race Peter Jay; second ol p" - sucn paving, outlrace Honey Dew; third race Kali-. sucb Railway Company shall have the1. fourth race Star Maid" fittl right to construct its own part of such'rn.ee Tokav sixth race Black' Frost -"proposed improvement, and if it shallseventh race Jim Wakeley.BOURBON FISCAL COURTThe May term of the Bourbon Fiscal, Court convened in the County Courtinom at the court nouse yesteruay.Tne session was presided over byCounty Judge C. A. McMillan, and tlwj following Justices present: Martin,Thomasson, .burns, iteamon, saepnenson, Lloyd, Shropshire and Turner.Jailer Jos. Farris filed his settlementwith the court for the months of Oc-tober, November and December, 1916,and for the months of January, Febru-!ary, March and April, 1917, -showingbalance in his hands of $156.92, whichrepDrt was received and filed.Claims against the county amounting to $1,283.91 ere approved and ordered paid.County Treasurer S. E. Bedford wasinstructed to borrow the surn of $10,000from the Hamilton Fund for the useof the Turnpike Fund, and to executen-kti fnf enmo Tin vn hi r .Tflnnnrv 1 1015?bin ,x vr cent interest from date!Tf c lornr1 flinf Wn--.. rvrtIt was ordered that Harry Currentand Wirth Current be paid the sum of$50 per month for driving the countytrucks and that the allowance to R. R.Trrner for the same purpose be discontinued. Ordered that the sum of $5.00 permonth be naid to Mrs. Moilie NicholsCor her support.Ordered that the county a?propmt3;Hone(i anions: and assessed upon thethe sum of $1,350 per mile to buf.diits or parcels of real estate abuttingme crimes luruiJinu tuui uiul uie rto:ui feet.Engineer be instructed to have the. said improvements shall be made onState Road Department furnish plans tne ten year payment plan, subject taand specifications for same, provided an the terms and provsions of the actthe guarantors furnish the balance of under which this resolution is passed,the money for completing said pike. h,Pinc Chapter 113 of the Acts of Ken-A committee composed of JusticesStephenson and Redmon was appointed to attend to the additional paintingneeded on the court house.The Court adjourned to June 7th.MAY COMES PRANCING , iLIKE REAL SUMMER.'.May C2me in this week laden with'lail sorts of (promises and preparationsfor summer, anu was weicomea Dy mehordes of gardeners and field workerswho have been watching so eagerly forthe coming up of their plantings orfor weather suitable to put in the restof the tender crops.This is to be Baby Week all overthe country, from May 1 to May 8, andplans are being discussed and arrangements being made for obtaining better conditions and. more scientific andsafe living for these future successorsto the world's problems and theworld's work and play. The subjectis being discussed in the Women'sClubs, and in the pulpits, in classes,.'n homes, and in conventions, and allthese agitations will surely bring blessings and benefits for these helplesslittle ones.The coming of "May 1st" used to bean event in Paris, generally celebratedwith gay parties andi outdoor dancesby the young .people, partaking of thespirit of the old days, when the signalhdnor every young girl coveted was tobe chosen "Queen of the May." Butcustoms have changed and the girlshave other things on their mindsthese days. There wasn't much "Maying" with them around Paris!USE GAS THIS SUMMER.Don't wrfit until the hot weathercomes and thep wish you had had thekitchen piped for gas when you werecleaning house do it now, you willeventually come to it. Anyhow, gas izthe cheapest fuel to use and it is somuch cleaner and the convenience isworth all the expense. Call us overthe phone and we will be right on thejob.PARIS GAS & ELECTRIC CO.,(4-2t) Incorporated.Stenographer.STENOGRAPHERMrs. James Moreland desires to re-m.-ndthe general ,public that she isptill engaged in stenographic work,and that her expert services are at thedisposal of any one desiring expertwork in stenography. Call Cumberland Phone No. 278. Residence, Pleasant street, between Ninth and Tenth.4-tf)RESOLUTIONDesignating Certain Steetsof Paris to Be Paved.CITY HALL, PARIS, KY.,April 26, 1917.Be it Resolved by the Mayor andBoard of Council of the Citv of Parisi 1 wentietn btreet, and such improve-nier.t is hereby declared to be a necessity.The said improvements shallbemade "p?n. th fc"wing basis:. One-third of said cost and expense-tt" '"" "'"- ;v i. u.:i3 JL li!'eal estate nnimprovements,bor,lc. b" thoreai esiuie uouiuug on one siae 01 sucnar.d one-third slnll bowner, of reil otat.any street to be improved, such street imiUvav or in t ornrhfi n hnl1 lin ronnir. '-"-- - - 'Pfi Tf nnv Tor SO TTH1P1 TinVinrr CT Sllfn" - - -----,-", --- --street as under its franchise and grantirnni trip I'lrv rt is rpninrpn tn niiiln.;- r : . j " -----,IvtiUIJ U1J illlll 111U111LU.1I1. ilUU Llltl JUILlUIlto be borne bv the Citv shall be re-duccd by the portion whieh is to bebo?;ne b' such interurban or streetrailway, and in the event the City paysfor 1-3 of such improvements, it maystill recover from such interurban orcfrppf rnilwnv its nnrtinn n fnrpsfi il""r " . : r 7do so no tax shall be assessed against.'such company, provided, however, thatsuch company shall, before the lettingcf the contract for such improvements.elect by written request presented tothe Board of Council, to construct itspart of such improvement, and shal1execute a bond to the CJty with goodand sufficient surety to be approvedby the Mayor conditioned that it willq0 the work of improving such part ofthe street with such material and accarding to such plans and specifications and within such time and subject to such provisions as the ordi-nance therefor prescribed. The ex-!pense to be borne by the abuttingnronertv owners is in addition to theajthe cost of any pavements or curbing'uhich the property owners are requir-,ed to pay exclusively.In addition to the proportion of theexpense of the improvements to beborne by the City above set out, the iritv shall also pav the cost of the jimprovements of intersections with jether public ways, including onehalf of the width of the street or alley,being improved, besides other streetsor alleys which run into, but do notcross the street or alley so being improved, and of that (proportion of anystreet abutting upon property belongin-tothe city, and shall pay the costsof all improvements where adbuttingowner is public school, cemetery,countv, State or United States.The cost to be borne by the abut-(ting property owners shall be appor-tuckv. of 1916.J. T. HINTON,Mayor of the City of "aris, Ky.Attest:J. W. HAYDEN, Clerk.Information Wanted. !Information as to the present where-'abouts of Peter Haney, who former!;-.Ived Paris, Ky., is desired by theCentral Trust Com-pany, 115 EastFourth Street, Cincinnati, Ohio. ItiASHLEY FARMvlOCK ddivThursday, May 10, 1917The sixth annual sale of cattle, sheep, hogs and mules will beheld at Ashley Farm, 4 miles west of Versailles, on Clifton tike,May 10, 1917.On above date we will sell 315 cattle, 135 sheep, 100 hogs,4 mules and 3 horses.40 Steers 600 to 800 lbs., high-grade,40 Steers 600 to 850 lbs., good;20 Steers 550 to 700 lbs., plain;10 Steers 500 to 600 lbs., good;30 Steers 400 to 500 lbs., good;20 Steers 400 to 500 lbs., plain;15 Calves 400 to 500 lbs., high-grade;15 Heifers 600 to 800 lbs., high-grade(bred) ;10 Heifers 600 to 650 lbs., good (open)15 Heifers 550 to 650 lbs., plain (open)30 Heifers 650 to 750 lbs., plain (bred)15 Heifers with calves at foot;35 Cows with calves at foot;2 Jersey Heifers with calves;REMARKS: These cattle have been well wintered, some dryfed, dehorned and just right and ready for grass. These sheepare strictly high grade and most of lambs have been trimmed.The shoats have been following cattle, are healthy, just right forcorn and clover. Mules and horses ready for workCome to the sale. Will be glad to see you. LUNCH FORALL.TERMS Four months bankable note, 6 per cent, interestfrom date of sale.Sale promptly at 10:30.EDWARDS BROS.Bolivar Bond, Auc, Versailles, Ky.rPhone 356-21Black Hawk and JanesviileCorn Planters!V!cCormick and BrownHarrowsUiMsCor. Fourth andAgents Buick AutomobilesGoodyear TiresOur Vulcanizing Departmentis equipped with steam vulcanizer and run by an expert.Steam Heated GarageOPEN DAY AND NIGHTFor Rent.Nice 4-room flat with water, gas antLelectric lights, over Cahal's BnrberShop. Most convenient location inParis. Apply toI (tf) CAHAL BROS.10 Heifer calves, high-grade;10 Heifer calves, plain;1 Pure-bred Shorthorn bull, 2-yrs-old:.1 Pure-bred Shorthorn bull, yeaitLDgv1 Pure-bred Angus bull, 2-yrs-old;1 Pure-bred Hereford bull, yearlingr4 Pure-bred Shorthorn bull calves;135 Ewes, 160 lambs;90 Shoats, 50 to 100 lbs.;5 Sows and pigs;5 Sows and gilts (bred) ;4 2-yr-old mules, been worked ;?. 3-yr-old horses, been worked, one othem fancy;1 10-yr-old mare, gentle for childrenPleasant St. .hm4FRIDAY, MAY 4, 1917.THE BOURBON NEWS, PARIS, KY.PAGE FTV1CiSOCIAL AND PERSONAL.FOR THE BESTComings and Goings of Our; People Here, There andI Elsewhere.SEED CORN.which is good news to his manyfriends hervMrs. J. Kiser Smith, of Paris, wasa visitor in Cynthiani, this week.Miss Louise Steele has returnedfrom a visit to friends in Versailles.Miss Martha Ferguson is visitingfriends and relatives in Kansas City,Mo.Mrs. Henrv Fuhrrrmn bns wturn.Mr. Luther Hall, of Alexandria,Ind., is a suest of Paris relatives.Mrs. Win. R. Tut tin Viot? ,,,,nABoone County White. Yellow Uam a vsit to relatives near Winches- ed. from Flcrida, where she spent theDent Siiase Corn ter ' wmter-' C RRFMT A PRO Misses Elizabeth Tarr and An-a . Mrs- Bessie Finnell, of Georgetown,Uiapr-itj lsville. -Ardery, and Mr. Ardery.Hon. Victor A. Bradley, of George- . "M,rn? Mrs- John T- Collins re-SH1NGLES, ROOFING, POSTS, ETC. town, was a business visitor in Paris turned Wednesday from Hot Springs,tins week. ". wuere iney nave been for twoMrs. Yutaki Minakuchi has return- week,sT c .ed from a visit to friends and relatives T Same Talbott has returnedin Louisville. t0 uer Il0me in Cynthiana, from a visitMrs. W. H. Harris has returned to i? . s,ster' Mrs- Clay Cleveland, nearher home in Lexington, after a visit tofriends in Paris.Mr. Edward Shinners. of Hnvinn-.Plenty of red cedar shingles, composition roofing, locust posts, and alull lii.e of building material. Calleither phone. vBOURBON LUMBER COMPANY.(4-2t)GO TO SUNDAY SCHOOL.Wives, bring your husbands, sistersFarisMiss Henrietta Eals has returnedto her home in Frankfort, after a visitton, formerly of Paris, was a visitor to friends and relatives in this citv andhere last Sunday. county.Mrs. Jesse Trayfor. of Corbin. for- M5s Xnrmottn Woiiinrfn,i ,,.,-nbring your brotners. girls bring your merly of Paris, is a guest of friends leave next week for Nashville Tennbaaux, parents, bring your children, and relatives in Paris. wheT she will take a special' courseto Sunday school, next Sunday, May Mr. and Mrs. Thos. Norris has re- at F-.bodv CollegeC, and every other Sunday thereafter.THINGS TO WORRY ABOUTturned from a visit to Mrs. O. S.Billiter, in Winchester.Mr. William H. McMillan returnedWednesday night from a winter's stayin St. Petersburg, Florida.Mrs. Robert Goggin has returnedto her home in Georgetown, after abody College.Mr. and Mrs. Kerfct Griffith, whohave been guests of Rev. and Mrs. J'J'. Sharrard, in this city, will leave tomorrow for Kansas City, Mo., wherethey will reside in the future.Mrs. v Roger Q. Thomson, ofColumbia, S. C. who has been a erutPRANK & COMPANYTHE RELIABLE STORESpecial PricesON8:9m9999999999O9Q999SUITS, COATSAND DRESSESPersons visiting a printing or newspaper office should bear in mind thatit is just as ill-mannered to look at aT.rnnf sheet or to read the tvne ns if visit, tn rpln fives in Parisis to go into the kitchen and look into Mrs. Harry Kerslake and children 0I Mayor, and Mrs- John T- Hinton forthe pots and see what is going to go have returned from Mcintosh, Florida, ve1 aas 'ert yesterday for a visit, 9on the dinner table. vhere thev spent the winter. !ier son, Mr- Roger Thomson, Jr,i?Prof. C. C. Dawes has returned "1 bt- L0lll.s: ul- En route Mrs.from a visit to his parents. Rev. and i inoman- win visit in Louisville andMrs. A. B. Dawes, in Georgetown. f "". " iau.er piace oemg ner oldFRESH BERRIES DAILY.Iu,me, where(W rPCPive frpsh strnwhprrips PVPrv ATrs P S Sfnrt-s nf Mlrlwav M'oe "'. Here sue anticipates greatday at our store. These berries are a guest this week of her sister,' Mrs. Pleftsure to renewing acquaintances of!kept tree from dust and are not dis- Mary Hibler and Mrs. Emily Parker 1 e long ag,Jplayed out side. . Mr. and Mrs. A. B. Adcock, of ' Mr. Charlton Clay, of Paris, is a(It) C. P. COOK & CO. Winchester, attended the funeral or member of a party that motored fromMr. W. A. Wallen, in this city Sun- Frankfort, Wednesday, to Louisville,Igt FUNERAL DESIGNS. day. where they will be guests at the Seel-I Mr. James Shannon has returned uacn lor several days. The party isLet me have your order for funeral to his home in Louisville after a visit composed cf Mr. Clay; Mr. BromweUdesigns if you want something fresh tc his sister, Mrs. Phil Nippert, in this Ferryman. -f Lexington; Miss Anita,and nice. All stock strictly fresh and city. Thomas, of Frankfort, and her guest, Ifirst-class. Phone in your order. Mr. David Stevens has rented the M''ss Teresa Cooper, of Memphis, 1(4-2t) JO. S. VARDEN. place of Mrs. T. T. Templin, on the Tenn.; Mrs. George Whitney audiPethlehem pike, and will move to it daughter. Miss Mary Lovell Whitney,'tnis week. f Lexington. They were guests ofTOBACCO PLANTS NOT Mr clarence Gifford is here from Mr. Culbertson Semple at a dinner -DOINGSO WELL. Middletown, Ohio, for a visit to bis Wednesday night at the River Valley,rarents. Mr. and Mrs. Wm. Gifford, in Club. After the dinner the guestsTobacco plants are not showing up East parjS spent the evening dancing at the Louso well in Bourbon county, and some Mn an'd Mrs Jolm McClintock and isville Country Club.ui luc Biov.eia a uuy yivoyvv,vo mu , of Huntineton. W. va.. ver"Never, so early in the season, havewe made such attractive prices, orhad such a complete stock to selectfrom. Come in and take a look.not so gooa as some time earner, iney quests this week ofray the plants in some oL the beds wni cilaries x. Fithian.not amount to very mucn, ana matwhere there are plants of any conse(Uience, they were not growing properly on account of dry weather. Therecent rains effected some improvenent, and many beds have been resown.Mr. and Mr?MAYSVILLE STILL LEADS.GET IN EARLY.--Mr. and Mrs. A. B. Davis, who' luaysvme is stm in tne lean in tnel.nve hp.pn visitine friends and rela- Faraca Class attendance contest whicntives in Paris, have returned to their has been in .progress for some weeks. .home in Covington. Last Sunday, Maysville had an attend-jMiss Mary Ellis, who has been ance of 63, while the Paris class mus-confined to the home of her parents, tered only 43 of the faithful. Get,Lev. and Mrs. W. E. Ellis, with busy far next Sunday, "Go-to-Sunday-jmeasles, is improving. School Day!"Mrs. Clyde Keller, who has beenni for snmp rime at the home of ho- yuunu KtuLty haiiy.mir -wu-prtisprs dn not parents. Mr. and Mrs. Ossian Edwards,our adertisers do nor ,., ,10,. t,! Mr. Knrl Lehman, nf Enslpv. Ala-flip imnirhnrp nf 1S - iiamcinuij uhjiuiv.u, - -- tuie nuyuiiAxu,y ui M::nn pjpMd nf Hip Chris- bama addressed a lanre doletrationfor a Change Ol auver- , rr...,in fT..-.rM m pnmnnsprl nf vpni pson tot ivps fmm oilinn fUI L'H IIlt!L lucsuat aiicwiwn .- - 'i- "- --j-.- - .- -.".... ..Some ofseem to appreciateRetting copytisements into this office at the earliest possible moment. Some of ourbusiness men who are keen and alerton -other business matters neglect thisimportant consideration.With, the many details intno home of Mr. and Mrs. George Williams Clay, on East Seventh street.Mr. and Mrs. John B. MackeypiiiI son. John B. Mackey. Jr., of Cov- parednoss in Christian Life ":i ineton. are guests of Mr. Mackey's par- Vn address was also made by Mr.C1UCI1I. I" - -, ,T C 1 Mnl.Qvthe Endeavor Socieis ot the city, atthe Christian church Tuesday eveningat 7:30 o'clock, ov the subject of "Presetting up a paper the mechanical department has one of the most perplexing to contend with, that of properly,. . . j : : nn indisplaying ana ?1U ""' SimmSf at her home on Second street01 VPrT.lKHTIlfr.il LS. Ill U1UC1 IU iusufair treatment our advertisers shouldhave copy for change of ads in thisofHre at the very earliest possiblemoment. Don't delay it you are thelosers thereby!ante at onrl Mrs. Samuel AlacKev. 1 nanes i . fevans. 01 Lexington. iirs.Mrs.' Gibson Taylor, of Los Ange- Wm. M. Talbott rendered two excellentles Cali., formerly Miss Sarah Hanson, vocal selections. The officers of therf Paris' is a guest of Miss Lucy B local Endeavor Societies, the guests ofnonor anu several otners, were servedMr James Clav Warn, is at nonip ilii supper ui luu uiuircu, pruceuingfrom the Universitv of Virginia, for n the .meeting, followed by a conferencev sit to his parents, Mr. and Mrs. J. conducted by Mr. Lehman.Milder Ward, at "Sunnysiue nearTaris.jr;- Ccrolvn BQrry has returned" to Savre College, in Lexington, aluBOURBON MEN ON J visit ,e?Tit' ""stonerBOARD OF DIRECTORS Lowry. and Mr. Lowry. on Stoneravenue.At a meeting of the newly-organized -Mr. and Mrs IHIe "oward. oBentackv Shorthorn Association, held f ovington. ere guests thw veek ofat the Kentucky Agricultural Exper! Mrs Belle Brent Alexan nment Station in Lexington, Tuesday and Mrs. Owen L. Daws, at the Hotelafternoon, Mr. J. IL Redmon, of Bour- Windsorbon countv, was made a member of ;lr- uenn - .: worsow Kvthe Committee 1 By-laws, for tho Wednesday night ,fom Warsaw Mand Mr. Os-nr M. John- wuere e duBmCu "" ;"rr: " 7 VhZfor the two-vear FranKtort district uulCICUv,. .Methodist church.of Mlllersburs. -n1-" a"iV fr -J m;r. TT.r. II I- 1 i-.l 71 I Hill a. U.11U ll..vvas taken m as a new mcrnoer 01 tne -" ' . 1TO . frft n visit taAssociation had as aauguer --- -". cov.Robbins, relatives mrarib a"' V,"1 lerai wgks m umo v-n-jg3Juagsui-!,v-:gL4,ti.'g.'jone-year term,son, of Millersburg,term.Mr. H. D. Peterson,Association. Thea mrnst. of honor. Mr. W. Sof Horace, Indiana, who came as a replpyentative from the American Shorthorn Breeders' Association.vsifc. Prnnnps Johnson. Of irlunt-ington, W. Va., is a guest of hermother, Mrs. W. A. Johnson, and hersisters Mrs. J. Sims Wilson and Mrsrioii Tiirnpv. near Paris.We can then, Hh School suit. e. -Mr ftLI M?pw'lly designated for tJie boy from 11 siten.rs.u. t PenSac-!n." ;iVea,rSilsYUthfUl "neS aDd Stle Cmahoma for .-month.' visit to Mr?lo and is. , . ,T npnrirp Rassenfoss, Jr.Master John Cain, son of Mr. andTi.rmns Cain, who nas Deen un-FOR VERY YOUNG MEN.J. W. DAVIS & CO.PRESCRIPTIONS OUR SPECIALTY. the Massie Memorialnds delivered free to all parts of nm AtlP county. Prescriptions fiilled trouble is Bnsidra foerly M,s3T-Ti)tly nnd correctly is our sneci- Tl-'A ' f Paris. n-w residingDon't forget delivered free to an j,iJ,1agnjngt0Ilt D. C., and son, will ar-P?rtQ of the county.It)VARDEN & SON.rie here this week for a visit to neiMr. Wm. nowaru, aim wmcHAIL, RAIN AND WIND.father,,re-Miss Clara Belle O'Neill, organist4 i,Q -Pnris Hhristian church, under-W..h a win-1 blowing about fift.v ent at LS'Tn Uis'ciUesdl6,"rMls n hour, a real April shower, inorial Hosp i.'.l, " "' "Vlon was :Athron P-is late Monjtay.th- teWfSa.r:i ciifi'i-"7i i.a uivOUV-VVwBrightenUp,America!SherwinANiluamsPAINTS SrVARNISHESWeather destroys one housein four every year. That fourthhouse may be yours this yearis it properly protected?I SSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSjgBSSSSS ff-. , t :i a iiooiiTiiii iin;r nv at iihu. . u--'- Ajr.ir'ow beared in th. Epstrn sky ju.t aition is very u-r fow monionts before tne storm &uu- - -" "f tll hn ? at thewas a meiiiuci w. . ..- ,. -. ,,,,of Paris,denlv brke hereAlUiugh thea mijiMc.. ... Vab ;tni ot Hip Music Hall,wind blew a while I. K- Carusc , sont i - -; -;. A.MA ,irr CnTll i T:il' IllllILl ..- - ,, rwe nnp. itu uunu v.w ,i . .tro-s and a few dilanidated barns that Mr and Mrs. Jo hn L. bimivPre about to fall of their own weight party were Go. and ..irs. , , .,-! . toiotrmnh nhin. and Mrs. uiarenceTnnsdav night, givenL. Shuff. in tneCox, ofmorPtiPP LiehSUS. O'?nd twisted telephone and telegrapn unio, ciuuvires, throuchout the citv and vicinity, Lexington.li"le real damage resulted irom iuc . --;... Ppniieton went tonnn -Mia. x"&"- . .i.." . Cv'0,TATifldietOWIl, ouuuaj-Wtecliester Daily Democrat: "Mrgale.In th earlv part of th afternoon Northnighr.ist long enough to do much damage crlin nrnnf ff nmnPrtV. P1." UlU)iO V J-v---Snrinrr was onlV tOOlimr u&, ayprtihesvr Vhere Mr. Pendleton delivered a lee-i. -'Alice Suth-and Mrsliirht showers fell, preceded dv a nea vnere . r,"T nTmrPii. Drai luc v.i' ----.. .. . i l-vviA op r C1T T ll VC1r-i!, the naustonus. ucmb """,; " "; ,; " n w RoPS "Mrsize of a large pea. Tne nan cuu m- ynu .- -" n' motored tonanu u.u --" r,. n ,.?c?t ioris, Sunday, aiternuuu ..-Mrs. KatUe Hutcncra-"pntly. bv sending notice that she wa3 -Mr. .- rent r-st over the hill." Wednesday mzV tee.med "e"bf Itue4 iesda?the mercury took a suaaen uxmmv. ru ; ?n rings Ark., where he haraking the night a disPgreeable one tn from Ht SpnngsATKthose who were out Several reported een under medicaie haa light fall of snow about four o'cIock past two months. Mr. ,yesterday wa uec.i "Vr n nn his footcold caused ny innnuius u. , rp.ieQiv Wp. is now entirely re-1 chasins spring bacK to ner xu- - in the best of health,clothes.Sherwin-Williams Paint,Prepared, is truly preparednot merely assembled. It willprotect your home against attacks of wind, rain, sleet andsnow. Heat and cold makeno inroads on wood paintedwith this paint, because it isright in pure lead, pure zinc,and pure linseed oil all controlled by the manufacturer.esterdav morning.r--ir pnfl rloomv. withCA.Daugli6ityFifth and a an Sis. Paris, KentuckyEXTRA SPECIAL!Ladies' SilkHose, in All SolidColors,50c a PairPRANK & COMPANY) ) if9999999999999999999999iWe wish to inform the public in general thatwe have accepted the agency for theKelley Carpet Cleaning Co.of Lexington, JKy.and will be glad to have our truck call for all rugs andcarpets that any one may wish to have cleaned and dyed,andgwill see that they are delivered to the Kelly Company and returned to the owner in the least possible time.PhoBie Your Wants to No. 36and we will attend to your requirements immediately, atsamef price that you would be charged by the KelleyCompany.THEJ.T.HINTOJVCO.MOTOR HEARSE-MOTOR INVALID COACH"EITHERPHONE" 36SIXTH AND MAIN STS.ib-kr.3miwUNDERTAKINGTHE BOURBON NEWS, PARIS, KY.FRIDAY, MAY 4, 191TJ5CEEP WAR PRICES JTO CONTROI FOODDown TO MINIMUM. OUTPUT OF THE U. S.rtffiVIi! I,ii.t114nniiIHai. ililhKtfr.t(3M9Washington, May, 3 The fightto keep aown rising war prices for"food took definite shape in the IIous23f onday when a joint food conservationresolution was introduced by Repre--sentativeLever, of South Carolina,Chairman of the Agriculture Commitlee. It will be presented in the Senate by Senator Gore.The resolution empowers the De.partment of Agriculture to make athorough survey of the food situationthroughout the country, including aninvestigation into the present amountof food available, its location and thesource of production.It also offers as a basis of consideration of final legislation to stimulateproduction, conservation and brinabout an equitable distribution andprevent excessive prices.MUSCLE SORENESS RELIEVEDUnusal work, bending and liftingor strenuous exercise is a strain onthe muscles, they become sore andstiff, you are crippled and in pain.Sloan's Liniment brings you quick relief, easy to apply, it penetrates without rubbincr and drives out the soretoMS.' A clear liquid, cleaner thaninussy plasters or ointments, it doesnot stain the skin or clog the pores.Always have a bottle handy for thepains, aches of rheumatism, gout,lumbago, grippe, bruises, stiffness,"backache and all external pain. Atyour druggist, 25c.(may-adv)REVENUE COLLECTIONSBREAK ALL KNOWN RECORDSAll known records for tax collections in the Seventh Internal Revenue District, of which Paris and Bourbon county is a part, were broken last-week, when the sum of $95,900.01, asingle day's collections, made the highmark.The increase in payments was largely due to a letter addressed by Collector Ben Marhall to the income taxpayers, which stated in brief the immediate need for prompt payment ofthe tax.OSCAR T. HINTONVICTOR A. BRADLEYand J. CRAIG BRADLEYannounce that they have formeda partnership for the generalpractice of law and equity, underthe firm name ofUinton, Bradley andBradley,with office in the Bourbon-Ag-nrnltnrpl Hank Ax Trncf P I.Building, Paris, Ky.Washington. D. C. May. 3. Both: branches of Congress, Monday beganconsideration of legislation that willrevolutionize the food output of thecountry.I Control of the food situation for the'.period of the war and Federal assistance for farmers in their efforts toiveet the tremendous demands of thepresent exigency was provided for ina joint resolution introduced in theHouse Monday by Chairman Lever, of.the House Committee on Agriculture.J In the Senate a similar resolutionvas introduced by Senator Gore, ofOklahoma. The Lever resolution was.offered as a war measure. "To provide for the national secrecy and defense by stimulation of agriculture andfacilitating the distribution of agricultural products," is the purpose of themeasure.While the resolution does not specificallv nrovide mice fixing either atI maximums to the consumer or mini-.iuums to the producer, it at the same' time does seek in every other way toaegulate production and distribution.,It (provides specifically against thehoarding of supplies in the face of nation-wideneed.It provides that the foodstuffs industries which come in direct contact.with the consumers' markets shall becontrolled, forbidden indulgence inany discriminatory practices or theexaction of more than fair prices.This is the 'nearest point to pricef'xing that the resolution comes. ItJ carries an appropriation of $25,000,000jfer the work.j The measure will be discussed incommittee immediately and reportedat an early date.' The bill to be introduced later willconfer plenary power on the President,en suggestion of the Council of National Defense, to imore adequatelyhandle the situation, including the fixing of prices, both minimum an Imaximum; to prescribe national prohi'bition in the President's discretion,legulate transportation of food products and deal with produce exchangesand Boards of Trade to prevent undue speculation.J Representative Lever made this explanatory statement:I "This is one of several (proposalsfor carrying out the plans agreed upon,and outlined by Secretary Houston in!his report of April 18 to the Senate for1 controlling the food supply of the na'tion during the war. A companion'proposal is nearing completion andshould be introduced within the nextfew days.! "These measures are based on thewar power and merely undertake tocare for abnormal conditions causedby the existing emergency, as a basisof consideration for final legislation tostimulate .production; to conserve thesupply, to bring about equitable distribution and to prevent excessivei prices of food."GERMAN SUBMARINE SINKSAMERICAN TANK SHIP.pn ' LjHUBY GLOSSFurniture PolishWORLD'S BESTDUSTS, CLEANS,POLISHESTour Furniture,Piano, Woodwork,Automobile, Finished Floors, and allVarnished Surfaces.Clear, pure andfree fio:n any gum."Will not s at herdust, as it gives aliard, dry, brightgloss; a brighterlustre than wax andcr.c'T to r.se.FOR yLCoIca JI3rlauderis CectrOil.rb isKino Mma j:-- trr - " u . .-v.f'SC -"ITSGuaranteedTo give entire satisfaction or yourmoney willbe refunded.iiI S ::1London, May 3. The Americantank ship Vacuum, of New York, hasheen sunk hy a German submarine.An American Naval Lieuteant andnine American gunners, the Captain ofthe tanker and some of the membersof the crew are missing.The ship was sent down on Saturday, but the announcement of herdestruction was not given out untilMonday.The vessel was torpedoed. She wasarmed with two guns, one fore andone aft.The chief mate of the Vacuum andseventeen men, including three United States gunners, were landed. Allof the men reported missing were saidby survivors to be in one lifeboat.The ship was owned by the VacuumOil Company, of New York. She displaced 1,990 tons and has been carrying oil between America and Europeever since the outbreak of the war.It was under command of S. S. Harris and carried a crew of thirty-fourmen, many of them American citizens.She was on her way to an Americanport in ballast.The killing of the gunners marks thefirst American casualties in the warwith Germany.$100 REWARD $100&mHSftft1A"$ f&mwM'.p'tfff&.(i. , ''i .vfeT'rf.w&trrSmtwearmV V 9wv1 'waiarp,j :-- I'ftiT'.h-Hrt?3,;'EWWM'CJESM (rtmm ,'s.M.al,- ' 111"i-VW!-LUfe2teW&kmims"lrIHSUMWHfiSumEMake UsiA Tire for EveryNeed of Price andUse'Nobby' 'Chain''Royal Cord''Usco' 'Plain'esDonsioieFor Your TiresYou don't have to "shop" among tire dealers toget the exact tire you want,nor buy one make of tire for your rear wheelsand another make for your front wheels;but you can get exactly the tires which will giveyou the lowest-cost-per-mile of service among the. fivedifferent types of United States Tires.And then you can hold one company the UnitedStates Tire Company responsible for the result,which is much simpler than trying to fix the responsibility on two tire companies through two different dealers.There are five to choose from,one for every need of price and use,and every one a tire of supreme service andlow-mileage-cost.United States TiresAre Good Tires.wUnited States Tubesand Tire AccessoriesHave All the SterlingWorth and Wear thatMake United StatesTires Supreme.'A::m1111IUnited States Tires are carried by the following Sales and Service Depots who can tell you which of the fivetypes of United States Tires exactly suit your needs : MILLERSBURG GARAGE, MILLERSBURG, KY.THE LOAFER IN BAD.5 7. .ir --.- t-KreJss::THE J. T. HINTON CO.(April 27-tf-F)Mr.FarmerThis is the time of yearto give stock a tonic. Isell the bestSalvetStock and PoultryTonic.W. C. D0DS0NThe readers of this paper will hepleased to learn that there is at leastone dreaded disease that science hasheen able to cure in all its stages andthat is catarrh. Catarrh being greatlyinfluenced by constitutional conditionsI requires constitutional treatment..Hall's Catarrh Medicine is taken in-ternally and acts through the blood onthe Mucous Surfaces of the System,, thereby destroying the foundation of'the disease, giving the patient strengthby building up the constitution andassisting nature in doing its work.The proprietors have so much faithin the curative powers of Hall'sCatarrh Medicine that they offer OneHundred Dollars for any case that it, fails to cure. Send for list of testimonials. Address F. J. CHENEY & CO., Toledo, Ohio. Sold by all Druggists, 75c.. (may-adv)SAMUEL MERWIN.1 Samuel Merwin, who among theyounger writers of America has already won much renown, is a regularcontributor to Cosmopolitan, America'sgreatest magazine. At present Mr.Merwin is contributing short stories(entitled "The Loves of Henry theNinth," which are stories of boy andgirl love. Never was "puppy-love" so'gayly. yet so delicate'y treated as ini these splendid stories. The story for!May is entitled "The Counter-irritant,",and it's a corker.Verily it is going to be lard livingfor the loafer in the future. Lexington and other Central Kentucky townshave begun an (Active crusade againstthe loafer, and it will eventually extend to Paris and other parts of thecounty.The persistent loafer is a publicand economic nuisance. At the present time he is more than a nuisance.Right now every man should be atwork in some capacity or other.Uncle Sam should send oui details ofsoldiers, and round up every fellowfound sitting around on the seat of histrousers, talking hard tim'js and criticising the work done and being doneby other men. If he won't enlist heshould be made to work in the gardens helping to raise much neededfoodstuffs.President "Wilson has said thateverybody can held in the presenttrouble. Men physically unfit to besoldiers can cutivate gardens at home.Verily, there is no escape for the lazyman and the street-corner loafer. Instead of discussing politics and yourneighbors' affairs, get to work, andbe a producer!AETNAAutomobile InsuranceCompanyFire, Theft, Collision,Liability and Property Damage.ETNA AUTO SERVICE1ll'll''i'lllZ''lllWNEW ORLEANSRound Trip i5 fi FromFare AiOiUU LexingtonVIAI Southern Railway SystemTickets on sale, May 11, 12, 13; 14, 15 and 16; 1917Final Return Limit to reach Lexington, Ky., prior tog mianignt ot iviay 6ist.Presenting an Aetna AutoIdentification Card to any agentnf the Aetna in anv Dart of thecountry places the agent's ser-i j: i : 4-u. ffvices at yuur uispu&cu in cueevent of your having an accident. The largest company in theUnited States writing auto insurance.A. J. FEE, AgParis, K.FOR YOUR CHILD'S COUGH.Here's a pleasant cough syrup thateverv child likes to take, Dr. Bell's; Pine-Tar-Honey. If your child has ajdeep hacking cough that worries you(give him Dr. Bell's Pine-Tar-Honey,jtbe soothing pine balsams relieve thecough, loosens the phlegm and healsthe irritated tissues. Get a bottle today at your druggist and start treatment at one. 25c.(may-adv)ROAD TO HAPPINESS.Be amiable, cheerful and good natured and you are much more likelyto be happy. You will find this difficult, if not impossible, however, when 'you are constantly troubled with constipation. Take Chamberlain's Tablets and get rid of that and it will beeasy. These tablets not only movethe bowels, but improve the appetiteland strengthen the digestion.(may-adv)Observers say that there are manyreasons to "believe there will be moreflies this season than for a number ofyears.Exercise of the body rests the mind,when it has worked hard the fads inphysical exercise are friends to men'sminds. jrrrj f J discouraged,W hen tOU jee confused,, ner.vous tired, Worried or despondent it is asure sign you needMOTT'S NERV ERINEPILLS: They renew the normal vigor andmake life worth living. Be sure and ask foiMott's Nerverine Pills RSSWILLIAMS MFG.CO .Prop..CIerelBd, OhitOBERDORFER, The Druggist.Extension Privilege Bv derjosit of tio.kpr. tint Inm- tViaMay 31st and payment of $1.00 at time of deposit.Final Return Limit Extended to reach Lexington, Ky.,prior to midnight of June J 5th. -Tickets, train service, Pullman reservations and detailedinformation regarding extension privilege on application.City Ticket Office, 118 East Main St., Telephone 49-H. C. KING, Division Passenger Agent, LEXINGTON, KY.fI"frI"II"i'I'IrV'IyII"X"frII"I"MustaGentie Bub ShinesEfrjtMn!Popular ExcursionHIGH BRIDGE,Sunday? fVJay 6thRound Trip Fare 50c From Lexington, Ky.KY.VIASOUTHERN RAILWAY SYSTEMLeave -Lexington on special train at 11:15 a. m., or on trainNo. 5 at 9:40 a. m. Returning, leave High Bridge at 5:00 p mor on train No. 6 at 2:01 p. m.For further information consultCity Ticket Office, 118 East Main Street; Telephone No. 49;H. C. KIttG, Division Passenger Ajent, LEXINGTON, KY.For Rent.Kice ground floor room in residence'HE BOURBON NEWS, PARIS, KY.WANTEDoa rieasani street, near Tenth, coneniont to L. & N. station and post-!cmce. uiuy uesiraDie roomer wantedGas, bath, etc. Call this office.Master's Sale!To buy, sell of exchange secondhand furniture, coal and gas cookingor heating stoves, refrigerators. Mustbe in good condition.PARIS FURNITURE EXCHANGE,611-615 Main St, Phone, 360,(27-apr-3t) Paris, Ky.BOURBON CIRCUIT COURT.Samuel Taylor, Etc., PlaintiffsVs. Notice of Sale.Jjttcinda Turney, Etc DefendantsUnder and by virtue of a judgmentand order of sale rendered at theMarch. 1917 term of the Bourbon Circttfc Court in the above styled actiontherein pending, the undersigned Master Commissioner, onSaturday, May 5, 1917,at the front door of the Court Houseia Paris, Kentucky, about the hour of11 o'clock, a. m., will sell at public auction to the highest and best bidder,the following described property:That certain house and lot of groundsituated on the southeast corner ofNinth and Pleasant Streets, in Mil-k-rsburg,Bourbon County, Kentucky,immediately in the rear of the FemaleCollege building, bounded on the westay Pleasant Street and running eastbetween Ninth street and the propertyof Jane Reed to East Back street, being the same property conveved toCharles Turney by J. R. Best, &c, bvdeed of date February 12, 1898, of record in the office of the Clerk of theBourbon County Couit, in Deed BookSO. page 326.Said sale will be made upon thcredits of six and twelve months, thepurchaser or purchasers being required to execute their two bonds for equalparts of the purchase money, with satisfactory surety, due six and twelvamonths from date of sale respectively,and bearing interest at the rate of sixper cent, per annum from date ofsale until paid, said bonds to havethe force and effect of judgments.Said sale is made for the purpose ofdivision among the parties in interest.O. T. HINTON,Master Commissioner Bourbon Circui'Court(aprill3-20-27-may25)Pope Bicycle For Sale.One second-hand bicycle, good asnew, Morrow brake, red, single tubetires, rubber grips and rubber paddles, mud guards and good spring seat.Apply toJ. BLVOVB,or Call Home Phone 360.(27-3t)Room For Rent.Nicely furnished room in well-locat-earesidence on South Main street,-fvll conveniences. Call this office.NOTICENotice To the Public!I will pay this season the nighcstprices that have ever been known inParis for horse hides, beef hides,heep pelts and furs.I will also pay the highest marketprice for Rags and Paper. I will sendafter it any place in ihe city. Callby Cumberland phone 374. Office onEighth Street(20-oct-lyr) MAX MUNICH.Wool Wanted.We are in the market for your woolGet your sacks at the IndenendentTobacco Warehouse.(1-tf) CLARK & YOUNGFor Sale.Several used automobiles. Thesecars are all in good condition and canie oougnt rignt for cash.D1CKERSON & DOUGLAS GARAGE(3-tf)PAGEPARIS HIGH SCHOOL INVITEDTO TRI-STATE TRACK MEETMaster's SaleBOURBON CIRCUIT COURT.Ed. Emerson PlaintiffVs. Notice of Sale.Charles Moore DefendantUnder and by virtue of a judgmentand order of sale rendered at theMarch term, 1917, of the Bourbon Circuit Court in the above styled actionherein pending, the undersigned Master Commissioner onSaturday, May 5, 1917,at the front door of the Court House,in Taris, Kentucky, at about the hourof 11 o'clock a. mM will sell at publi0piicuon to the highest and best bidder, the following described propertyThe north half of that certain tractNotice is hereby given that pursuant'1- land, situated in Bourbon County,to the request of the Board of Educa- on the Paris & Clintonville Turnpiketion of the City of Paris, Kentucky and '.inch said tract ot land was conthe Board of Council of the City of veyed by Simon Frazier to Minerva DilParis, Kentucky, by resolution passed lowaj, January 3, 1876, deed to whichat the regular meeting of said Council is recorded in Bourbon County Clerk'son the 26th day of April, 1917, appdoved office in Deed Book 61, page 289, theby the Mayor, called and ordered ait said north half thereof being 471 feet inelection to be held on the 2d day oe depth, measuring from the center ot"June, 1917, for the .purpose of submit- tl:c pike; 55 feet 2 inches in widthting to the qualified voters of the City on the west end and 41 feet in widtiof Paris, Kentucky, the proposition en the east end, the said north half ofwhether or not bonds shall be issued said property having been conveyed toin the amount of $46,000.00 and taxes the defendant, Charles Moore, Septemlevied from year to year to pay the er -7, 1911, by Walter Biddle, Marysaid bonds and interest thereon, the Fuller and Theodore Fuller, her husproceeds of same to be used for the band, by deed recorded in Deed Bookpurpose of constructing and equipping 99 page 198, Bourbon County Clerk'san addition to the school building for office.white children and an addition to the e , . ... . ,! ,school building for colored children in &d ale. wlU ,b made uPn thcthe City of Paris. The amount of in- credit? of six and twelve months, thedebtedness proposed to be thus incur- purchaser or purchasers being required is ?4 6,000.00, and the purpose of od to execute their two bonds with satsame is to construct and equip an isfactory surety, for equal tparts of theaddition to the school building for rurchase price, due six and twelvewhite children and an addition to the moirhs from date of sale respectively,school building for colored children, aml bearing interest at the rate of sixtmd the amount of money necessary to cen(. from date until paidf saidbe raised annually by taxation for an h , f and ff t finterest and sinking fund to meet said ...;, f , rct,ph juusjuieuis, ilii jiiiicfcc io nn. i'ui-or.-.wlnUtnnncc ic SU fiflfl 00.rHn thorAnf c mav be renuired for chaser to pay cash and avoid interestsaid purpose. I Faid sale is niade for the purpose ofBy said resolution a special registra- satisfying the adjudged liens in favortion was likewise called and ordered Qf plaintiffs, estimated on the date ofto be held on the 21st day of May, 1917, sale a $177.00.for the purpose of registration of those ( O. T. HINTON,persons entitled to vote at said elec ,Master Commissioner Bourbon Circuittion whose names have not been re-i- pmirfcorded on the registration books. uuil.j. W. HAYDEN, M- P. Kenney, Auctioneer.City Clerk of" Paris, Kentucky. (apr20-27-25 may4)fsmnBuild Up YourBank AccountTake time by the forelock.Don't be satisfied with a smallbalance in bank.Deposit every dollar that youdon't require for your actualneeds.Money is safer in the bankthan in your pocket or in yourhome.You'll be more loath to drawa check than spend the cash.See us about an account.We do all kinds of banking.LOSTSomewhere on the streets of Paris,on Friday, a black bar pin. Finderplease return to THE NEWS office.Suitable reward.LOST.A silver horseshoe pin, "somewherein Paris." Finder will be rewarded byreturning same to this office.(6-tf.Hemp Seed For Sale.Good cultivated hemp seed for sale.Call or writeSTANHOPE WIEDEMANN,,(10-tf) Route 8, Paris, Ky.The Paris High School is one of 200iiigu scnoois to receive an invitation toCOmnete in tlm TVI.Qofo t,.v tt- - -iwi.M.G xiu.t.n. luce. 1at Miami University, Oxford, Ohio, onMay 12. The local boys can enter!Inno irF ii j. ,. .,.w i. mc uvu meets wnicn will takeviau on mat day, one meet beingv.wicu a wiampionsmp .Meet" and theother a "High School Meet."The reason that Miami is offeringtwo meets this year is because they donot wish to force boys from smallschools to compete with those fromlarger schools, so those who do notwish to enter the ChamnionshiD Menfcan compete in the High School Meetwith boys from other small schoolsThe school winning these meets willreceive -handsome shields, and thepoint winners will receive gold, silveranu oronze medals and ribbons. Ac-j cording to the arrangements one school; may enter both meets, but one contestant may not enter both meets. Thosewho wish to enter one of these meetsmust register before May 7.The Paris boys entering the meetwill he guests of the University andwill he shown every courtesy and attention. The University is makinfabig preparations to help the boys enjoy themselves while in Oxford, aswell as to run off the meet in such away as to be fair to all. Those whoarrive in Oxford the night before theimeet will be entertained at Fraternity Houses.The events of the day are: 220hurdles, pole vault, 100 yard dash, onemile run, running broad jump. Javelin throw, 440 yard run, 120 hurdles,running broad jump, Discus throw,200 yard dash, shot put, 8S0 yard run,and mile relay.OPPORTUNITY!Mr. R. F. Clendenin, Associate General Agent forthe Northwestern Mutual Life Insurance Company, inone day recently, sold 6100,000 worth of life insurancaover local and long distance lines of the Home TelephoneCompany and because of such an amount of businessaccumulated in one day, he divides the honors with usfor the efficient telephone service rendered. This is asplendid record for both Telephone and Insurance Companies. Mr. Clendenin says; "The service I get from yourCompany is all that I could askr and on the closing dayof my campaign I used it with wonderful success."Such an opportunity in facilitating business shouldbe grasped by the public in general in employing co-operation,efficiency and confidence.PARIS TURFMAN ELECTEDVICE-PRESIDENT T. H. A.For SaleOne set of dining room furniture, inflrst-class condition. Call HomePhone 96, Paris.FOR RENT.At a meeting of the directors of theThoroughbred Horse Association, heldin Lexington, Friday night, Mr. Chas.II. Berryman. manager of the Elmendorf Stock Farm, was elected President, to succeed Mr. Hal Price Headley, who under the laws of the Association, was not eligible to succeed himself. Mr. Arthur B. Hancock, of Paris,owner of the Ellerslie Stud, in Virginia, and the Claiborne Stock Farmnear Paris, was selected as Vice-President,to succeed Col. Milton J. Young,v. ho requested that a younger andmore active man be selected for theThree unfurnished rooms at No. 733,Place- Mr. Thomas B. Cromwell, theft'alker avenue. Hot and cold water 'noted turf writer, was elected Secreand other conveniences. Call Home ' taiyPhone 339. (jan30-tf) J At a meeting of the Kentucky Racing commission, hem at the same time,and presided over by vice-President J.I Tart Talbott, of Paris, trainer'sI licenses were granted a large numberjof turfmen. Among them were thefollowing from Paris and Bourboncounty: Scott Williams. Lucien Johnson, Joe K. Redmon, J. C. HumeiFrench Brooks, J. K. Nichols, Robert!C. Frakes and Jaimes Ilukill.For Rent.Nice cottage on Winchester street.Just across L. & N. tracks. Conveniently located.FIRST NATIONAL BANK.(3-tf)For Rent.Three nice rooms, withlights and gas. Call at115 DUNCAN AVENUE(3-tf)AILSA PAGE SELLS FOR $800Wanted.CallOne hundred barrels of corn.I. D. THOMPSON,Cumb. Phone 628,(10-tf) Paris, Ky.WAITWait for the Hurrontration by appointment.J. It. BOOTH, Agent,(24-4t) Carlisle, KyAilsa Page, the great trotting marselectric belonging to Senator R. L. Hubble, ofStanford, and McCray Bros., of North.Middletown, has been sold by thosegentlemen to Mr. Allie G. Jones, ofNorth Middletown, for a New Yorkcustomer, for $S00.The great mare won in all of the1 big roadster rings last year, and'possesses great speed as well as styleSenator Hubble used her as a buggymare until he purchased an automobile recently, and then turned her overto Mr. Mack Hughes, of Danville, who'was very successful in training andshowing her. Just after she had wonthe $250 roadster premium at theStanford Fair last fall Senator Hubble sold a half-interest in her to McCray Bios., who showed her the balance of the season and won many blueties with her.IParis Home Telephone 8 Telegraph Go.(Incorporated)J. J. VEATCH, District Manager.W. H. CANNON. THOMAS JL MITH,Local Manager. Cashier.ffCar. Demon-CAWN CAKES, PLEASE.Removal Notice.Mrs. Victor Whitridge has moved hermillinery stock from her home on MrAiry Avenue to Main street, dirctlyopposite the court house, for the re- for baking.It is stated that every Americanwho eats corn bread saes a Belgian'slife, because Europeans have not'learned to eat corn bread, and many !European kitchens are not equippeuardnder of the season. All persons desiring summer millinery at moderateprices are requested to call and seeher stock.24-2t)Several kinds of corn bread that donot require baking are made in thisglad land of ours. There is, for ex-I ample, the stack of buitered "cawncakes" which any old-fa&hioned Kentucky cook can (place by your plate, Iland replace from time to time accord-; to your displacement as a carriercorn cakes. There is also the hoe-T 11 x A- . ., .. cake which is made on -1 griddle andI am local representative of the Na- '""'"""-" f " , to .. .tlonal Nurseries of Rochester, N. Y. shoulu nave the salt Put on J1 ? ,tieA fine assortment of flowering shrubs, frm of butter spread on at the tableand general nursery stock to select Corn bread can be niacin by makingfrom. Now is the time to make your.un the batter and dropping a big ironSelected Nursery Stock, j,"selection.teed.(10-tf)Stock and prices guarar-miss julia McCarthy;Public AuctionOFHousehold and KitchenFurniture, Etc.Farmers' & Traders' BankP. P. KISER, PresidentW. W. MITCHELL, Cashier.WM. CRIMES. Bookkeeper.Sixth and Main Streets Paris, Ky.I will sell on the premises, at myresidence on Duncan AvenueMat public auction, onSaturday, May 5, 1917,at two o'clock, p. m., the followingdescribed household and kitchen furniture, etc.:Folding Beds, Chairs, Tables, Velvetand Axminister Druggets, (all new) ;One birds' eye maple bedroom set;One Cherry bedroom set;Lace curtains; Oil Paintings;Cut Glass; Ilaviland hand-paintedChina;One rosewood settee; 6 gas stoves;Lot of mattresses, bed clothing, etc.,One gas range; several electroliers;Bric-a-brac, ,pictures, etq.All these goods are practically newand all in good condition.MRS. ROSA WALLINGFORD.George D. Speakes, Auct.spoon full of it into boiling lard tofry it crisp and brown like a fritter.Pass the "cown cakes," rlease, andlet us save the lives of the batteredand bleeding Belgians. It is a pleasure to do so, positively. State Journal.Real Chinese Dragon.That dragon monster of which theChinese are so fond did actually exist,according to a Shanghai correspondentof the London Times. It is knownthat reptiles existed, very similar tothe favorite? picture! dragons, andthere is reason to believe that somemeasured as long as 00 feet.PROPER FOOD FORWEAK STOMACHSThe proper food for one man may beall wrong for another. Every oneshould adopt a diet suitable to his ageand occupation. Those who havew,eak stomachs need to be especiallycareful and should eat slowly andmasticate their food thoroughly. It isalso important that they keep theirbowels regular. When they becomeconstipated or when they feel dull andstupid after eating, they should takeChamberlain's Tablets to strengthenthe stomach and' move the bowels.They are easy to take and pleasant ineffect1 ,,,.,,. (may-adY)EFFICIENCYIN CLIITBIMi FOR MEN!Copyrlcht 1917Tfco Ho.li . LuppaiihalsMIWe Are Agents For TheHouse of KuppenheimerSuits and OvercoatsFor Men and Young Men. Now, more than at any othertime, you should buy merchandise that can be dependedon. For this reason we heartily recommend clothes ofthis make and we also GUARANTEE fit style and service. You can buy them here for$20.00 $22.50 $25.00TWIN BROS.Clothing and Shoe Dept. L. Wollstiin, PropWe Give and Redeem Blue Trading Stamps.Bourbon LaundryDWIS & FUNK, Props.Telephone No. 4.West 5 StreetSatisfaction is OnrWatchwordWith all the latest improvements in laundryappliances and experthelpers we are preparedto do work inferior tonone, and solicit yourpatronage.Bourbon Laundry,Paris Kentucky.a-sW. , j-0'"INMirK ttramr-MTMjau-MrjwL0 rx. X jut? r kj9 rxuuUt'I,iirM)illat41to!imrI'.' IfefilMlMILLEKSBUKGMrs. Clara Shanks left Monday forGarlsbad Springs.DEATHS.MATRIMONIAL.MYERS.The funeral of Silas Wall Myers,-Muss Pearle Stokeley, of Cynthl-1 aged fifty-five, who died or Heart ais-tt is the guest of her aunt, Mrs. G. ease at three o clock Wednesday-Tu Hill. I morning, at his home on the Clinton-Tlio ladies of the Baptist church ville pike. :.oar Paris, was held at two-Rill have a sale of eatable's at thr ' o'clock yesterday afternoon, with serExchange Bank, Saturdav. .vices at the grave, conducted by Rev.' Miss Elizabeth Miller was at home W. E. Ellis, of the Christian church.Saturday and Sunday from Transylva- Mr. Myers was a former resident ofEia University, at Lexington. Nicholas county, but moved to Bour-y and Mrs. J. H. Collier and Mrs. ton some years ago. He is survivedIranWe Ool1 ins were guests Tuesday by his widow; two sisters, Mrs. A. D.of Mr and Mrs. F. M. Collier, at Paris Ginn, of Carlisle, Mrs. Wm. C. Mc-Mrs J M. Alverson, of George- Cracken, of Paris, and one brother.Ioavd arrived Wednesday at the bed- Mr. Wm. Myers, of Paris.side'of her father. Mr. J. G. Allen, The pall-bearers were: Averyxt-'e condition is no better. Smart, Wm. Smart, Jesse Bannister,-Quite a number of the membeis Ora Bannister, Albert McDuffey andvf Amity Lodge will attend the dedica- John Smith.iory exercises of the new ivia&ouii;jTemple of Daugherty Lodge of Car-,lisle. ',PROGRAM OF NORTHMIDDLETOWN CHAUTAUQUAThe following is the program of theChautaqua which will be held at NorthMiddletown this summer, under tholicense was issued ,ausmces . or tne North Middletowncommercial uiuo, ana conducted byA marriageTuesday morning from the office ofPnnntv nirrlr Ppnrre Pntnn in TVTo !Pessie Smith, and Mr. Reese Stith,both of this county. Miss Smith is udaughter of Mr. Nathan Smith, of thpcounty.ComingAttractionsPARIS GRAND AND ALAMOFUNERAL DESIGNS.Let me have your order for funeralTue Eastern Kentucky Normal and designs if you want something freshV M I ball teams crossea oats iuun- ana nice, -an siouk sincuy u-su uuu.Vm the grounds of the former, the Frst-class. Phone in you order.Sre being 15 to 6 in favor of Eastern (4-2t) JO. S. VARDEN.Kentucky Normal. M. M. I. will playi.t m cinrihifr Hsrh School next GOOD SALE OF BOURBONy.onday at Mt Sterling; CynthianaFigh School, Monday, 14th, at Cyntni-ana.ANNOUNCEMENT.THE NEWS is pleased to make thehappy announcement this morning ofthe engagement of two of the mobtpopular young people in Paris, Dr.Charles Garrard Daugherty and MissBesse Buckner Holladay, whose marrlage will take place early in June.The prospective bride and bridegroom do not admit that their engagement is "the culmination of a romance which began, so-and-so," but itsjust a plain case of love from the beginning, which was some time ago.Dr. iDaugherty is -one of the bestknown and most popular physicians inCentral Kentucky, having been formany years associated with the laterr. Frank Fithian. He is a son of Mrs.C. A. Daugherty, and a brother ofJames and Garrard Daugherty, andMiss Anna Daugherty, of Paris, andMrs. Jesse Hazelrigg, of Winchester.The bride-elect is a daughter of thelate Mr. and Mrs. John B. Holladay,ior many years highly-esteemed residents of Paris. She is a sister of Mr.Bruce Holladay and Miss Mayme Holladay. of Paris, with whom slip lmfor Mrs. Ruby been associated in business since thefounding of their grocery and nowfamous candy making establishment inParis. She is a young woman of mostchanming personality, one whosefriends are numbered by the score.THE NEWS extends congratulationsin advance of the event which willunite these two popular Paris people.COLLEGE PROPERTYrepresentatives of the CommunityWelfare League, of Indianapolis, Ind.:Dr. Edward EccJeston, representingLuther Burbank, will tell in a graphicway of the wonderful achievements of'the plant wizard. Dr. Eccieston's,lectures are illustrated with moreltnan one hundred beautifully colored llantern slides. ,Lenzo's Royal Italian Band, directfrcm ew York. One of the reallybig attractions on the program.Nanah Rense, reader and impersonator, a fine Kentucky girl, who accoinpanys the Lenzo Band. She hasachieved fame on the Chautauquaplatform.John Kilham, "Good Friend of theIndians," who will lecture on unfamiliar phases of Indian life with impersonations of famous Indian chieftainsCharles Daugherty and Company, inmusical program, including his famouswhistling solos, and instrumental selections.The Hazel Kraft Company, in vocalsolos and duets; costume songs; dra-n.atic readings; impersonations; pianomonologues, etc.There was a good attendance at thesale of the old Bourbon College prop-Tlie students of the Grariel School erty, in the College Hill Addition tovill have a flag raising this afternoon Paris, held Tuesday afternoon on the,n the school grounds. A neat flag premises, by Mr. C. E. Norman, ofhis been purchased, with an a,ppropn- Lexington, as agent tor Airs, mioy.. .,i i. n:r.-irl with pprf- imcmrirpr nlmiiiistrntriv nf t.hfi 1nl.fiftte Stall. lb Will U laiocu . .vw. .....,,... 0w.,7mu Every natriotic citizen and Mr. Clifton Arnsparger.Tnverof liberty should be present, and While the bidding was not spirited,nnrvwrace Uiese young people in their real estate men prononunced the saleTnvStv ind patriotism. Let every- a very good one, with satisfactory re-Sodv eo and fill both yard and building, suits. The property was subdividedni 5 m . about three years ago by Mr. Arnspar-Don't forget Sunday morning is ger an(1 some f the j0ts sold, and-Go-to Sunday School Day." Let every- tne sale held Tuesday was for thetody strain a point to be present at purpose 0f settling his estate,some one of the Sunday schools. The Tne eighteen lots brought a total ofchurches are all working in harmony $000, including the college building,and an effort will be made to bring hi was purchased by Prof. J. M.out the largest number ever present Scott, for $3,000. The sale was criedat Sunday school at any one time m y Auctioneer George D. Speakes, ofyiilerslmrg Transportation will be lhe real estate firm of Harris .Srriven those who have no way to get speakes, of Paris,fhprp also the "shut-ins" in town. Several prizes were given away, the"- - , ninmhar .-t I IP t.; rn . . T.. 4-Un'. - -- ' - -ww.. Vi.Give your name io a '"Cl" "" "1Iiers ueiB Ub louowa. rui -.yie immediate members of the familvcommittees, or the pastor ot jour c.iosest guCSS as to the amount the Col- witnessed the cerepnonv.church. The goal is 1.200 let s reacn (Q building would bring, Mrs. F. E. After the cerem0nv 'Mr. and Mrsit or excel it if possible. (Faulconer, of Paris, $10 m gold; for j -wood left for Birmingham, Ala., whero,, , a ol-c guessinS nearest to what the cheapest j they will visit for a time, going fromAnother one of the old landmarh.. ,ot woul(1 bringf Mrs Bishop Hibler, I theve to Orville. Ala., where Mr Wood..r uriiifcUiirrr is to be taken aowi ot par?s. S5 in cold: for cuessinc near- t. mnnoo-o f !, TTrn tjh " o..-,.Vl ll...v..o-.o -- ATidcpv; " . .,',...,... ',..,",. r" T-, t "f """b -"c l iltUiab OfOC.i""he hi)me occupieu -"- est to cue niguusi. pnuuu iui, .ur. tr. j.Mclntyro. which was recently sold to Accord, of Paris, $5 in gold. In theJier brother, Mr. W. D. Mclntyre, aivl drawing for .prizes, the awards werethe building on the lot, to Mr. W. E. u,a(ie as follows: One hundred poundsCollier, is now being moved to a lot of 0r flour to Mr. R. P. Dow, of Paris;Mr Col'ier in .Tudyville. This is one twenty-five pounds of sugar each toof "tne old landmarks of Millersburg. -iss Carrie Rose and Mrs. Culbertson,which was for many long years occu- both of Parisnied by Mr and Mrs. John Patton.Sr Patton died in 1874. This land- CHRISTIAN TRAININGmark is to be replaced by a handsome F0R MILITARY CAMPS, " ..n. rpcidence. with theimoaern uii-w-uu .- -BUCHANAN WOOD.Rev. J. Taylor Sharrard, of Paris,officiated Monday evening at the wedding of Miss Ella Haley Buchanan,daughter of Mr. and Mrs. Frank Buchanan, to Mr. Robert Nutter Wood, orAlabama. The happy event took placat the home of the bride's parents;near Hutchison, at eight o'clock. OnlyNORRIS TOOIIEY.The marriage of Miss Nora Nor-ris, of Chicago, to Mr. James Toohey,of near PAris, was solemnized in Chicago, Wednesday. Mr. and Mrs.Toohey will return to Paris to-morrowto make their future abiding place atthe home of the groom, -on the Humopnd Bedford pike, near this city.Bible Institute of Chi- Prnnll 1, . ft,-J ' 7T . ,1 ,... rropil. Ol near tills Cltv. nnrl hna lionnone ol its protessors, in. u .rQnnnf ;c,;, . ,: ; zr". ; . i.i uuiiL.HL inn in ii ins iiiiiiiij ". ri nconstruction will oegiu m 0. Sellers, to the International Y. M.ihaa a lar lpftlft ftf fHfi ; "ifin cfirnnn in thn - v-.j U,1U tamirers here, and is a young woman ofmany accomplishments.Mr. Toohey is one of the youngergeneration of Bourbon county farmers,a son of Mr. and Mrs. John Toohev.and has made his home at the oldfrlest improvements, to be -occupied L by The MoodyIfr W. D. Mclntyre and famii. Ae cag0f has ientT-flr rtf., AVf raw wneks. 'C. A. for evangelistic service in theEnglish Camps. He ave some timeThe following is the program of jast year the Canadian Camps.tife Commencement exercises of the t Tjie institute is desirous of livingliUerslmrg College: up to its pseudonym of "The Westtviv Mav 18. 8 p. m., Concert by point of christian Service," by beingcry,ra.A instrument Class.su.iiL,T-" - in-onMav y. j.v."Farm.PROF. GRAHAM EDGAR LEAVESVIRGINIA FOR CALIFORNIANews was received in Paris, Wednesday that Prof. Graham Edgar, formerly of Paris, associate professor ofthe University of Virginia, has resigned his iposition, to accept a positionof professor of analytical chemistryat the Throcip Institute of Technology,at Pasadena, California.Prof. Edgar is a graduate of thoLniversity of Virginia, and is said tobo one of the most learned of theyounger faculty members of the Virginia College. He is a brother ofMrs. J. T. Vansant, of Paris, and a sonof the late Col. Edgar, formerly ofFans. He married Miss Isabella Marshall, of Lexington, some time ago.FRIDAYBluebird Photo Plays present the sensational photodrama, "THE EVILWOIV2E& BO"Featuring Rupert Julian,Hobart Henley and ElsieJane Wilson.MRS. VERNON CASTLEin"THE RED DAWN"7th episode of "PATPJA."SATURDAYClara Kimball Youngin a special release"ftlARRIAGEA LA CARTE"From the play, "MarryingMoney." Alamo afternoon,Opera House at night.Anita Stewart and Chas.Richman in"THE MORE kXCELLEN'i WAY"Blue Ribbon Feature. Alsoa Big V. Comedy. "PestsPromise' Alamo at night.Mours-Alamo, 2 to 5:30; Paris Grand,7 to 1 0:30, Admission 5 and 1 Oc.HIGH GRADE HOUSE & SIGN PAINTINGInterior DecoratingHard Wood FinishingWALLAUTO BURNS.While making a professional callnear Bedford, on the L .& N. in thiscounty, Dr. Bruce Anderson's machinecaught fire in a shed in some unaccountable manner and was ruined bythe flames. The fire damaged theshed. The machine was insured in theThomas, Woodford & Bryan agency for$400.PERa. m.prepared ior any uemaiiu un ,i .tu-iplace on the Hume an( Be(lford jkaeni uouy 101 wumuia m uiu umieu rnnr Pnrfs TT fnn line nn x - , '- ........ .., tww, mho mi t If V IIOI Lr... ,lor" A 4,MrncC hi' ATrS. C-r,nc nn-mna 5r t li n nvninrnlioHo flolrl iAlumnae Reunion auunm,. , -- M.a wu.,,a . --h-. .. ""lacquaintance among the voung peopleJohn Shearer, of Covington, Ky.. Sub- or through tlie channel of the Redjol the count d ) welf.1Ikeg fget "Some Notable Women of Ken c u V!"Cinl.y. May 19, 1 p. m.. Alumnae f th last t. were called Into l?d Vm l, of p abygoiuncheon. . - Christian jyork in the army and others to housekeeping in Paris y G1 Saturday. May 19. 9 a. m. to o p. are expecting service as chaplains in The followi announcement card,in Art Bvhibit the navy. The training is entnely rree have been , d ru-Saturday. May iv. i- l""4l'-:; jui mLiau .nu. aim vci - - Mrs Elizabeth NorrisTha Lost "Lsdv's Slipper, .iuui.so. fcLaie, iiauoa or utinuiumuuuu wnuu', nretta 95c references are satisfactory. Cata-'er,inv viv 0 10:45 a. m.. Bacca logues are sent free on application.Sunda Aia - . BankgSUDpa1tor First Methodist Church,;WLnCeMnvy'on 7-30 n m.. Mission-' Camp Danieli. r- TlnnlvS.ry oQrmuu u -Monday. M?v 21,Concertannouncesthe marriage of her daughter, Nora,to Mr. James Toohey, on Wednesday.May 2, 1917, Chicago, 111. At home after June 2, Paris, Ky."CAMP DANIEL BOONE.Boone, at MarbleCreek, on the Kentucky River, conduct- jAPPOINTED GENERAL AGENTMr. Frank Cox, of Elizabeth, thisSEVENTH DISTRICTPROHIBITION CONVENTIONThe Seventh District W. C. T. U.Convention will be held at Little Rock,n tli is county, on May 10 and 11. Aninteresting program has been preparedand a large representation of delegates is expected to attend. The meetings will be held in the Little RockChristian church.PAINTS WINDOW GLASSEAGLE and DUTCH BOY WHITE LEADSHERWIN-WILLIAMS MIXED PAINTSBERRY BROTHERS and PRATT & LAMBERTCELEBRATED VARNISHES"The Best," Our MottoC. A. DaughertyFifth and Main Streets Paris, KentuckymmtmtMfffittfffttMtttttttttMtttMM)iaiaiaaaaaiiaiaafitiiiI fe y 0 W if il i j&&W'j&V II GOES THE mGHgCpMICOST OF LMNG'p I-- .- . , , t . i iuiin v w.-w..- a firing -.-i i- 4-iisi Ui-kr' irTLr i 'nmm iron nr :b p m., - u u in, .;j,77"7r;'coiinty, who has been in the employ ofthe Managing Board ot the State the Frankfort & Cincinnati railroad asTuesday. May 22. 10:00 a. m.. w- ouas Men's Uiiristian Associauon, a,sistant agent at B1Izabetht for somenation Exercises and A'Wress . . wiu ue opeueu uu. eai ou uunu xo. time, ha's been appointed general agentcJws of 1A17 bv Rev. W. B. Wis. The camp wiU remain in operation of the R & c Georgetown to -8UCSStor First Christian Church, Pan,, until August lo ceed Mr Alfred UnderwoodrT n .' Only a limited number dan be ac- Mr. Underwood died verv suddenlvMl the orrisps exceot those o. commodated at one time, and appli- sevcral da a j Georgetown. Mncur"oy will be at th- College. The rants for admission are requested to Wade Lovelace will continue as assistWlr is cnrdiillv invited to attend all send in their names as early as .po,- t t and M Bfnthe roiiinenr-ment exercises. si We. The expenses for a week s stay denVood. widow of the former agent.Tho following vonne women com- have been fixed at $6 for eacli a.tend- wu be clerkroTe tl e C'ss of 1917: out. Those desiring to attend the camp Tfl appointee is a son of Mr.rATiUllianBagby. Gladys Bowen. houid notify the Secretary of the local and ' Elizabeth.. ai on :rimes. .icunc - ---CINCINNATI PAPERSTO RAISE PRICES.In view of the fact that materialMiller and Virginia SUrnUin. owe, Mr Henry S. Cay wood, of North used in producing a newspaper haJrd Miss Aleta Vion, Expression. .Middletown, buyer for Swift & Co increased from one to 500 per cenlfOthcr Millersburg on Page 3.) (has purchased 12 head of silo fel v ithin the past several months, tlrcattle from Mr. English Anderson, of Cincinnati Post and thecent.theCincinnatiCuts thevOSfAn immense outlet, giving us a purchasing power unequaled by any other organization, makes this store theBSGGEST BARGAIN SHOE HOUSE. New bargains dailyreceived, Sf you want the iatest novelties and exclusiveHigh Grade Men's, Women's and Children'sSpring Footwear!Visit our store, compare Quality, styles and prices, andyou will take advantage of the WONDERFUL SHOE VALUEat Bess than they can be bought wholesale.siiiCRFSCRIPTIONS OUR SPECIALTY. Sideview, Montgomery county, at Times-Star, which have for manv yearsFRtb . U.50 per hundred The cattle aver- been Cincinnatrs leading daily one -roods delivered free to all parts of cged 1300 pounds to the head. They cent nGWSpaperSi have announced to, Siimtv Prescriptions filled vere shaped from Mt. Sterling, Wed- tleIr subscribers that the price wiU beSW-JS.SS.'-''Don't forget delivereaof the county.4-2t)VARBN & SON.increased to two cents per single conv'and ten cents a week, instead of sixcents as heretofore.'RELIGIOUS. , "GO-TO-SUNDAY-SCHOOL"NEXT SUNDAY, MAY 6.Next Sunday, May 6. has been des-Preaching at the Christian Church inated as "Go-To-Sunday-School Day,"Sunday morning by the pastor, Rev all over Kentucky, when it is hoped..,. Mcfton STRUCKUNMU" BY PASSING TRAIN.. N?rtuJ?a,ra-ssf r$uM?leaving i wb0 hai apoarentlyw. r Ellis, subject, "The Joys of the that the attendance at all the Sundaystruct b drijpk unrter the over- Christian Ministry." At the evening Schools will be larger than ever be-?-e8rJbridge at the Peacock pike cross- service the choir will give a sacred fere. It doesn't make a particle of diflieaa nn - ' concert under direction of Mr. A. Lr. ference what Sunday school you at-wk near i killed outright, Boatright This will be the fifth an- tend, just so you go. You will b2T.ne neh , ious mjuries about niverasary of Rev. Ellis' pastorate, given a warm welcome at any one ofi h d and body He was picked up beginning his sixth year Sunday. All them. So get on your Sunday schoolmid snt to tne oi- mem oers are urgeu to ue present. crouies auiiuay murmiig, anu go tothe head anbv the trainmenwhereHisZl.r'Z icnitnl. in Lexineton& H oSS. lilame'is aUachcd U th, train crew.TO BUILD CHURCH.. -.!. or snlicting funds.Zcu'ioTnird a in ar.:n 4hA colored suburb of Wis, ioKl I uni vwSunday school.s- .! T MORE OFFICERS.STOCK, CROP, ETC. Mr. Owen Gibson, of the Paris post-1office force, and Hon. Reuben R.Hutchcraft, Jr., Representative fromi Bourbon county, passed a successful,Air. j. Jtiiimer .tjoaruman ot tne ijir-1 examination at l-iexington. Wednesday999Ladies' White Kid or Rich Brown ARuss. Tan Boots H-.tPOLadies' Gray and White Kid Ka- - Qtinka Pumps SryLadies' White Canv. Sea Island QBoots and Pumps Z.H-ilLadies' Kid Lace Boots andPumps which add grace to your -foot 3.49Ladies' Pat. Dull Kid co ao co AOBoots and Pumps at. . - p4m&3 p JLuHrJLadies' Pat. and Gun Metal Shoes ,- QC.and Slippers at. 1 ""Men's Plat. Calf Eng. and Medium mToe Shoes and Oxfords, W.-0....$4.00Men's Russian Tan English -Shoes and Oxfords, W.-O. ..$4.50 lipMen's Gun Metal and Tan Shoesand Oxfords, Walk-Over 3.50Men.s Gun Metal, Button andand Lace, good quality 2.99Men's Tan Lace Oxfords2.49Men's Gun Metal High Shoes andOxfords 1.99oys Swisses" and Children's Shoes and Slippers AtTHE PRICE Yy PAY ELSEWHEREtie Rock vicinity, sold to Mr. Ray Burns, of Little Rock, a bunch of 100-lb,alle, tne pastor, Rev. Harry ' shoats at fourteen cenls per pound.". , , " viwiir the assistance ol tne Mr. James Li. Robbms purchasilanflarb and hopes they willL'od canse. The churcliaKbe tne home ot theBaptist faith.Colored Freeof Mr. B. F. Hopkins, of Little Rock,a 900-pound bull at a fancy price.night, for admission to the Officers Reserve Corps.H. C. Johnson, of Paris, enlisted inpurchased . the army service, and was assigned tothe field artillery .branch of the service. Others from tne county whoDAN COHENMr. Lindsay Stewart, of Cane have enlisted in the Officers' ReserveRidge, sold to Mr. Catesby Woodford, Corps are Mr. William Collins and Mr.Jr., seventy-five barrels of corn at ?7 Robert Jones, of North Middletown,per barrel. land Mr. Jas. W. McClure, of Paris.Paris' Greatest Shoe StoreWhere-Beauty and Economy Reign