I"THE BOURBON NEWSPUBLISHED EVERY TUESDAY AND FRIDAY IN THE YEARVSi iJ. -3h .M4-VOLUME XXXVI.PARIS, BOURBON COUNTY, KENTUCKY, FRIDAY, MARCH 16, 1917Late War Bulletins.by the Secretary of the Navy. They !) O 1 J -IIprovide in detail for compliance with. LOUISVllie & INaSllVlIlethe attitude of the United States inTHE TOBACCO MARKET.the whole long internaitonal contro-vorcv nirnii !-.-. .. r .PARIS. March 15. -The Pope ha w "S "TC1 V U3e Ul marines,,1oH tn nrnnnnnnA nn ininnrlMt a11 merchant Craft. .iilorutlon at the Consistory to be held r The m?ant shipS' gunners will.: the end of the month, according to fire a. Slght ou an' submarine apnew dispatch from Rome. The Pach;ne m a threatening manner,.apaicli savs that it is understood but will respect the right of the sub-u-ti,. pAnov mnM,Bnt Wiu marine to visit and search" for con-al entirely with the war, and that traba"d' if anv effort is made to exer-'ToConductors.Submits PropositionBOURBON TOBACCO WAREHUSE 'I TUESDAY, MARCH 13. I According to information given toThe Bourbon Tobacco WarehouseLOCAL MEN TO FINANCE RUSSIA IN THROES OFi NEW MOVIE HOUSE. INTERNAL REVOLUTIONLONDON. March 15. A successfulTHE NEWS yesterday, in the near fu- revolution has taken place in Russia.To Local Emolovees ComDan- 12a.wbo tu:e l!.aI1 plans at prse,nt underP T" The reactionary party has been owa V lWtai llltpiUJCCd lQr $432902t for an 4average of $1794 siueration are carried out successfully, .thrown.a hundred. The market remains P:ms win have a new movie picture Reports from Petrograd state thatTELEGRAM.Louisville. Ky., March 15, 1917.pica tViot mcrlii- T...v. ,, it.... ii.;.t is reported in Vatican circles that , ,1U11U" '""" Llli-w Pontiff will protest against Ger- statfnent the orders will be kept abnaisys unrestricted siiDiiiarme cam-sgn.solutely secret., WASHINGTON, Marcli 15. A mod-EL PASO. TEX., March 15. Gov- erate-sized black leather bag contain-. -nment oJIicials here have received ing documents of gravest moment,formation from confidential sources brought from Berlin in the personal. Chihuahua City, Mexico, that the care of James W. Gerard, has been and other road train employes of the'EnginemenFiremen,Brakemen,Yardmasters,Yard Foremen,Switchmen,Hostlers,Train Baggagemen,steady. Some crop averages follow: house, to take the place of The Colum thft rjuma. haaked hv tht armv. liasI Caldwell & Thompson sold 5.470 bia, which, after a checkered existence succeeded in overthrowing the govera-pounds for an average of $20.39. of a few weeks, joined the limbo of ment completely.I Wood Monson sold1 4,245 pounds tor dead and gone enterprises that came ,, , M. A , . Aan average of $19.53. out unsuccessful , The revolution centered m Petro! Brown & Ritchie bold 1,990 pounds According to the information given grad aml Moscow-for an average of $16.52. THE NEWS raan enterprise wiU Prominent reactionaries, includiaBuckRer & Jam &old 9'065 Puds be financed by well-known Paris men, former Premier Stunner and M. Pro-rAfinnaVagh!.o;;?iT;.0 i,i o- no have obtained an option on rooms toppoff. minister of the interior, h&rm! pounds" fofan'av eEjfcof A locate(1 in the cetral .e town, been imprisoned.j The last sale will be held at the in wnicu tJlev will open up a movie The government is now in the haiaJ Bourbon Tobacco Warehouse to-day, "se that will be second to none in of a committee of safety..Friday, March 16. Central Kentucky. To make the op- The earrisons at Petroerad and Mo-tion stick and make the bargain a go. cow went over in a Dody tne reT.ramus residing in that city offered safely locked in the vaults of the LOUISVILLE & NASHVILLE RML- BOURBON TOBACCO WAREHOUSE tney nave deposited with the owner of iuti0nariesie his 7.nnn- pnAn r-rMvir.AXTv f,, uw ,i WEDNESDAY, MARCH 14. the property a sum close to $200 as a ml.guarranty of their good intentions and- , raiso a Geiman regiment in North- State Department During his 7,000- ROAD COMPANY, both members and-ji .mcu lu wSi vilu uie wewuiu uuie juuiuey, eovenng a period oi non-members of railway brotherhoods" The Bourbon Tobacco Warehouse : J , W I V. unsettled thus far.--nooos m the event that the United more than four trvine weeks. Amhas. o,i n i,ni,o ;,n,r f n,.fa Q rinmnnm- or.1,1 mcs o.,ic p f LliCI1 rtUl"- -u uauanu uusmeas.- --J 'w U.11.V& K,J UlUO llltIlUtll L-VT ClILCi OUaA vvtupwuj JAL .J9JVJ UUllUO Ul tVF".States declared war on Germany and sador Gerard and the bag did not part service:Vxico became involved. German re- company for a moment.-wrvists in the United Sate's and Gern residents in Mexico were to makez? this regiment, it was said.The question of thedystany has bcewHrSf. .riSoor?r ?u L" C; The rooms will be thoroughly re-1 It is reported there is a possibilityt r -i u- , 17 70 a hundred The markPt was modeled, and made over into a verita- of the abdication of Emperor Nicholas.In view of the strike which is imnie- 1-u a nunuieu. ine market was , . ,., .,. .!, wnniri ii c0iii tu Pm...i:i i.i. ,i k . ,, strong and active. Some crop aver- Die palace m tlie way ot interior dec- " uiu uc .u, uy t. wuUIUICI LlllCULCIICU UJ' tCl tcllll Ul 111G f, 1 1 , .I train employes of tne Louisville A.-. o.-n. p toiation, and in the matter of equip- Prince, with Grand Duke NfcnolMSmith & Lfilrp anlft 4 filf) nnnnrlc: fnr niP.nL thp nrnnmtnrs stntpH in HPHT?. acting as regent.NEW YORK. March 15. A Wash- Nashville Railroad Company, and in an averaee of $i9.10. nfavs that t!,pv wm.i.i RnPn,i m nnn iJmgton dispatch to the World reveals order that employes or tnis company Perkins &. Jett sold 1.G40 .nounds for pvpi-v ppnt nf whfo.h w Vfn nmv nv!.ii.J operations of Germany in supporting who decline to join in the strike may an average of $17.63able, in order to see that the citizens ,PASSES THE ONE HUNDREDMARK IN LIFE JOURNEY.WASHINGTON, March 15. Former Huerta against the United States, not thereby lose anything by a f-or- J. 0. Cassidy sold 3,895 pounds for p'.iris t the b t tnat .ambassador Gerard, fresh from Ber-)Guns aml ammunition were secretly feiture of their Insurance of whatever an average of $16.17. uml tne liew house would be prop'-. icpmiw i oi.ute uqiuuuieui sent trom Hambure. The captain of form, the Louisville & Nashville Rail- . . - aa.!t:.IJl LUti Beit?" "1U ue o.-u. 0,m!n,i ti,w ..r Born in Bourbon countv on Marck-hat when he left there was evidence !tue cruiser Dresden communicated a road Company makes this proposition hem t;Mia' (Friday) March lb. h, the very latest in tlte way of screen' 13. 1S17, in the days when Parik wasr,at German:- fully intended carrying false tireless, message to United to all its employes above "mentioned INDEPEN-DENT TOB-YCCQ HOUSE and machines, and their own state- a mere hamlet, and the county almost..-jt her ruthless submarine campaign. , states ofHcers at Vera Cruz. who remain in its service as well as to WEDNESDAY, MARCH 14 ments that their equipment will sur- wilderness, with a few scattered-f-gardless of the prospect of war with I Documents now in possession of those who hereafter enter such ser ' pvise raany now n the business bear settlements as the only indication of-v United States, and that talk of Federal officials Drove that the steam- vice: I The Independent House sold a total m,t thp a,RrMnn fhnt PnrR win hnw civilization. "Anut Ann" Kelly, al.ice nan oeen aoanuoneu. shin savoia put nf TiamliiirirLhe former Ambassador did not se transhinped her careo to theresident Wilson, but conierred at'when the German ownersday- and gone the next, but here every the city of Paris, the county, State,. . .1 T.. i?n w-k'k - I nl ih J-h ATV1immiiiss. 2.H7n nnunds day. miu iui.iuii uunupancu, uiu nw uwm-wjth rhem in detail events leading toThe State Denartmont. throuch its lieu of your brotherhood insurance at $17.10. The iucm.s that will be used, or at ing of March 13, 1917, found her enjoy-ihe break in diplomatic relations be jagents in all parts of the world, found the same protection you now have by Wheat. Hutch craft & Gray, 4,47) least the ones on which the pilomotors ins good health and eager to join in;v'-eji Germany and the United States lthal no shjpmen.ts were sent to Mex- piocuring Icr you the same amount pounds at $22.43. ilavc secured an option, are in the the celebration of her one hundredtkI; ni.s,w r..rt,vi n.ni.mnm- rintoiiiivdi ?iuii fnrm nf Iiisiivr.nr.p. in a unod and P- A. W allis, S',575 pounds at $17.50 ,.0,.v- imort -kf iio imsinoac riictt-iif i..i hirtlulav anniversarv.IV. i U.VV,VIL IM'Ml VJUillKlUJ. UUH-l.UI .J .. .v.... w..-.- -. 0 V.J llV-Ui I, vl. L UUJIIlViJJ U1U111V1, tiiivt -.-- .- -are admirably suited for the purpose, At her advanced age she rQtamsbeing in a part of the city where Uip good eyesight and full possession ofpeople congregate most, and in a sec- all her faculties. For many yearstion patronized by Shoppers daily. This she was known to the people of Parislegnth with both Secretary Lansing that lhe American fleet was preparing surance of whatever form, the com- p.ounds at" y 19r-rA Counsellor Polk, and went -ovor ;to block ner entrance to Vera Cruz, pany agrees that it will afford you in ' Redmon & Cusecretly' 1. To those men who were mem- l ox.iiu iiouiuib oi ujucilco tor an a- auother picture house soon that will higlily-respecred colored woman otYpiranga hers of a brotherhood and are carry- " "';.. OUIUU Ul uie ,jp "" be in the hands of competent, relia Ruckerville, has passed through vary-discovered ing or are entitled to carry therein in J? ;,r... -v-.- o o-n Mp noonle. who will not hn hnrp. mip. ing stages of history and progress ol 1 1 i i! .' i nil i . ..Am -- 4- A r - v.-v -LONDON. March 15. In the courseof an interview granted to the Copen jhagen- correspondent of the Berlin jTagesblatt, says an Exchange Teletrailed them from port to port.sclveni insurance company at a cost!tr. vnii tint iMPntpr Minn vnn are nowMirch 1" pair-g, or would have to pay to yourENTERTAINS TOBACCOBUYERS WITH BIG FEEDwicinvr.Tnv r c' " incnn!l-n 1 I'rtt li a tli rrwl u. . Tim Onfa nnnQrtmant line ranoi 'Of1 in. IcniJCOiiic uiwvuwuuuu.i.japh dispatch. Count von bernstorii, y1 - f"wi. "- .",.,", 2. To those who are non-membersMrm..,i.in f -'i..i. .., .... .. rV.UU11VS V. VlclliVC. lllrtllclSCI UL . , ,.,... , x x JT n nvnn ,oQ-,,.0oOT- OT.l fliaWirphoim- disimct auvaniage 10 tne lli cahch vvi.-u-. " vsnoppers, and to tne ipicture house. .jrouucL ot um uauu mums nave uumirnrtVipr rknrtiVninrc win lio rriwon whar. pd the floors of man? a household inAi;n.. .C MAKfiAinvid iifh DiiiYnil1iil J J. vJ v-j w m. ilTiriiIiircln nt C - n 'c- f'n TA rt O mini fww w . ww o w mwnd the United States, replied "that " r,uwaB """ """' of illsUrance that you could obtain inJ"""""u "u f,0 , ' u V the deal is completed, as the promo- Paris and Bourbon county. She is,l.n,n,-T? . iiY. TTJU-ot wnrforo TT UiiUldUa JIttVC ULluaii) iiv-i vvx iiv.w .. . ,, , , ..., , i -". ""ui,v,u vujij, .uiu "'- uowiiinterrogated as to whether he thought formation tending to establish the - brotherllood we will pr0Cure if the Independent Tobacco Wanthere would be war between Germany opinion that General Obregon and a and form fcompany. gave a arewell dim,1 ii10 TTnitod tr,tpc r-pniipri "tht clique of politicians who surroum' ,' . ... .,,. t, Wednesday at Stzuts Cafe, to fdepends ou our U-boat warfare. If Carranza have actually entered into brotnerhood wwe shik an American ship we shall an agreement with German agents emplovmeget war. If not, I suppose we can whereby they have qualinedly given j-promise that they will consider theavoid iL""And if," asked the correspondent,'ftprmanv sinks "Rritish shins with iAmericans aboard?" To this Count lhe event of trouble between Washingthe brotherhood which embraces your.ment if you were aand at no greaterters prefer having their names kept a relic of slave times, having been in.u . -v.- M1jM UU4,..& w ot secret as Th reputable the family of the Warnocks as a do-season. About fifteen of the best . men p!e3tic for ypars until emancipa.judges ot tobacco m the world enjoy . n ... . ' n, ... .. .. noxamatim rPlPnPrt hr. Sheua guuu u.o ciicii uunu, ciiiu uiicii wrii- t,v.w....w- .-.-- -.children, Richard Kelly,home the birthday anniTer-" nn4- ..vn fVion irrtl Al-rfllf1 ll'IVP tfl JZimmermann proposals for an alii- ' ' n -mnr. ed the sumptious course d.inner that Undmte,aa tn ... tHo. .tol f. ha two Hvinejm.y it uu WC ouv. ."-" QOITWi i otvlP hv "Kill" whn ""f -- -"f " -"- ".7- .lasses , ' enterprise will be an assurance to the at wnose nomvon Bernstorff replied; K'"That is not the same."BOSTON. MASS., March 15. TheGovernors of the New England States.aiier several hours' conference onpresent "disturbed condition ofliidra, auojiteu juuiuuiuua inuubtheir support and the support of the ports.Hn Unmn C avi n ol Afoviin inilllte uLccil ucimai.j .x.iv .w.v..v ... mnln,rofl f thn l;iSPO- 1 U 11C CTllIIUAIJ T -J V4- Wv vw --- , -" irto nrttr ... -ww-.havp nampd wIut hereafter enter the """" """ ceoDle of Paris that thev will be civen eary was celebrated, and .renina'company's service we make the same lhe 8(m 3ust closeu y me mac' the best there is. Kelly Smoot, who lives in Claysville.l3on above set out pendent House was a most prosperous .Among the decorations of the tableAmeri .pf;!ln" fnp BPPnmniiahinir the one ana tl,e buyers helpe(1 to make lt:l SOME AUTOS. v,hero her family and friends gatheredcan Minister Reinsch, at Peking, re- " . . t t coml)anv will so' an(1 gemal Ir' Ularke' wno IS ngniy al the celebmtion, was a huge birth-ported to the State Department that ,nr.mi,inll, frtfrinmifance so appreciative ot ail enorts to mane 111s A train of thirty fin cars, each car day cake, adorned with one hundredton and Berlin.WASHINGTON, March 15.pvjimvi iu ....v. wtt.. wv - tne ,promiums tor insurance so rx r . . -" """ "A "!.. - ". v.u v" u,i t-u.e, auuium jm vc vU4tJthe China has severed diplomatic relations " " urdon each man whatever they 11UUSU i""iuu0 auu ijumi, ao 0 loaded with three l;uick Automobile&. candles, the gift ot Miss L.uoy Simrn,af-jwith Germany and that the German J1 fa m .g tQ the very generous and genial host to his consigned to differed' agencies in the who resides en the Simms. estate, 'Just..SunSetor Vi?ifi boon hiinrlpri his nass- 1IiaJ e. euests. who were very hich in their QrttVi naoca.i th.-.o-!-i pP1v Timdn - .-c-t- thA utvaat f-om tho ttpIItt rpii-i 1 1 ii .11 iiulIll.! iiuu rxv fc s - . . x . . i i rv - - - k.iixixK.KK ifiLkiaLiii liii iiiuii l c&kilt. a iiv.iiil i . i.i i itr i.iii: ri tt l. liuiii uivi a tptioplo of their States to the Presidentin carrying out his announced policy! China has taken possession of allGerman merchant ships inShanghai ho0(1 for the same amount and form of monthsof protecting United States lives and. about six in number, placed their i strike .g ordere(1 onSTe S'y Dement fro. tract bindi b upon the conny i fn-;P.ttrictism is at a high pitch ,.t Har'thc senior officer in Chinese waters ,ere I The. " ..M.nM Irktni C v'"'v -----nrTniM iave to w to the brother. Praise of the courtesies extended them over tQe LouisviIle Naslu.illo (lcnce.or Asould have to ,pay to the brother whje .p par.g (Iuring the pajjt several.property on the high seas. ciew u ."uc txuc ""iV4' "V" thiS company's railroad, become a con- LITTLEJOHN TO OPENplaced armed guards on the vessels . , ,.' 4, , fn- oaom m. , . . ., , T , nnn.(mont from tract UinuiIIg uijuu uiv; vumiya.njr i4l ic-OAMBRIDGE. MASS., March lo.- Aavices iu uii- iy p.u - . enmloves of the classesSEASON ON SATURDAY.WS99svr.rd. where the students have formed. gave no turtner oetansa regiment called the "Minute Men oLHarvard" and are drilling daily. Thevhave just been equipped with riflesTheir drilling is carried on in anMassachusetts hall, which was useef a barracks by theLittlejohn Greater Carnivalafter enter the company's employ, and Shows, which have been in wintertictv riTVx"T March 15 it is to continue in effect as to each quarters at West Point. Georgia, will.i?,,I;' r o itnilmiip man so long as he remains fn the com- open the season of 1917 at Weslles ""-""'" '"'J ::":,. .,,. Q ,.nv's service, and thereafter for rea- Point to-morrow. A letter from Mr.old tne ..uuuwu-uu. lcr1" r I" r ,. nf rHpement so LlUleJoIin to a Taris man states hp.bleh was use. Xv"" rgc mun ion ioag as he desires to cany such in- has the greatest and cleanest lot ofold Continentals. aie, neic Jufu Ia j . ei)r,n.p rprtificates of this insurance attractions he has ever had on thenHntVnre located the City Commis surance. Certificates of this insurance attractions he has everSJofn Lnlntlon cnllmr tin- will be issued to each as soon as prac- road, and that he want-iA7Ac.T4T7s:rTON Mnrch 15 Ameri- ;sioners passed a resolution calling up- wWASHINGTON. Aiarcn io. Amen Wri0 tn nmvide militarv cuard tiMeantime thirty poants to come toners pasu a .c-u . --"" - -. Thg insurance out of Uie Taris some tune during the season,cn diplomats at home waiting an op-, 3, Ip.nHin. thirtv no. v,ay at this critical period when the but that he doesn't know just when ;'nortunitv to return to posts m buropc " y ,,! , mmnnnv needs the services of its will be.' . ., . .- u., ncemen. an oi wnum nave oo "' -- -will travel on armeu uiviiko.u hhcio.. .i.... o Uiioli fJihsnnrODB .uir;1?:Vur' rrT ' nn reservoir, undersecretary oi u.B . -- j n D Norton? of the Foulwno expecs to san oi. u: m - regiment. The polcan liner that starts across tne ;iuau , - ,were ii-7 iw". .r :i: ':: : ::. r tw ahphk. nmi mvaitv of its around" tion from tne rouria neginiciu -" - ... .. - -, - nmrv ! trainmen.LONDON. March lo. tne isor-' SFSt XrvoS under ''command of Major vages and the country so sorely needs wi.l lwa-. command reject m theth Nev the combined efforts of both employe amusement. um, iai ua yy ,6 ... .i.. T,.!c? ott. nnYioonf IS H mP!111S linn- Sicemen and employer, tnis company comment.- vuo w .- .-- ----- .nmmimi. i" rpiips iinnn a continuance ot tne e&Lj aim ucw.aj - m ..e ....WE KNOW HWADVANCE SHOWINGOf John B. Stetson Spring Stylesin Soft and StiffHATSMr. Littlejohn has never(knowingly permitted a "shady" charac-Arein steamer Lars Lastenaes (Law WACU,vp.Tnv. March 15. C" ... . : (ak xxuiii' . w ..Fostenes) bound trom aiubmw iu- dential dipiomatic reports from th.Itotterdam with grain for the Ameiv representatives of a neutral govern Isn Relief Commission, has been sunn. t Meyico massing through here !without warning outsiue me uluau- n tilp;r ,vav t0 Europe say the Ger-I i . 1 9 9 4. A. . 4- A m 4--k V rRespectfully, ter or an ou-coior uau.uu lu .,uonli- Louisville & Nashville Railroad Com unuer nib name, a.m auuQ c.always neen clean anu wnoiesome.pany,By MILTON II. SMITH,Pcesident.BETTER MAIL FACILITIES.aone, according to the Norwegian bank in Mex'ica Citv, and the Ger- KENTUCKY LEGISLATUREMercantile Shipping Gazette. This ai- . Uon tliere are guiding vir-1 PASSES FIRST SECTIONnouncement is contained in an k, the entire financial and diplo-t fri,n,,l, flivnnloh frOIIl COP .' ... , ,T :r-iiiinjie i .-!, '" "-' nmtic. aiiairs OI le.viu. , .. it. r- A i: r n,o. rkl ... .. . .-, it., r..-- ' niAL'r nr rna urm hi'.i hi iii uie vvi .-ki -w min r i yf m nTrnroii in i riM i. j:. ihaca ronnrtR tllP AC- 'UCDlm.'' ",v- uum uc feicavij nnw. -AccoiuiiiB tu vv.. --"- u Rll, wllicll creates the State Tax t Stion of Mexico in sending recently io j of. t"i- nmmnn nntnif.tpr nt iTiJiagen.Information was received here yes-rc rl lvTD Rll I '4.i,,.. ,, n. nffaof flint -ninil fnoili.vi vxb.iv . lv;iviu lu lii- cuci. 'v "'" .,..ties between Maysville and Paris Sflirt V,UI11111100Wll, Aju.i. .. - l llUfeC -TV.. 1J. 1IWH vuuiw -" - x-i: I.., . vfo f 71 fr 99 ', ,,, ...-,. i t. i,,l -r.-!.-. JtepresenuiLivea u a utc ui i- --. uaj-nsie, WHO nus ueeii naiu. civ. num.ml - T . A.lmrk-n4- TT1f 1 1 ill O" tilflt" x i x A.l.i:n1. n ftfA1 eWCTOmi. ine joneb uiueiiuiucui, """'"ti - try ins to esuiuiiau a ucuci om,t mnnv Mnrch 15. The arrival in 1hG American Republics a note onwv, f rnunt. von Bernstorff, for subiect of peace in Europe was direc."tiKU!. - . . . , !. nn.mon Tornraer Ambassador to the united ouitw. e by omciai o h"A , " bto the Commission shall comprise two announces that there will be severalnas caused renewed discussion in Ber- tion v,iie the German 1 an 1S sa"1 l raembers, a Democrat and a RepubH- clianges made soon for the bettermentm of the submarine blockade, be- have come in control of the Mexican appointed by the Governor. 'of the servicef and that the new sched-reen political, naval and diplomatic financial situation. , sute Auditor as an ex-offlcT5 'ule would go into effect on next Mod-epresentatives, according to the The chief cons deration jj hich has d ted without a roll:duv. March 19.Cnrx,-Prfan Mercantile Gazette, sayo caused concern at tne w ;u - . , tl'Some German naval attaches "Germansoc Vipvp- been cauea uj ,nr few. .. IT Mnlt1T1111IK T ,.-k rrTlf1 a fll H III II1L1L.1U11l) .. .Perlin for a conterence, w"- may muuw - -. "" ' . passing the Roach amendment provid- heretofore has been dispatcnea on:e dispatch. "Tne aiwiduuu, - arouim --" 7T7f0f1 c.otpc ing for the commission to -comprise the 2:18 train lll be sent out tromnot Uie raising, of the blockade is lbing to emoarrass the United lates-th gtate Audit0I.f the secretary of Carlisle on the 4:30 p. m. train, whichERY exclusive styles in Stetsons, that only theirJ exclusive agents can display to the trade. Featherweight, soft, broad brims and medium crowns,all the new colors olive greens, pea greens, pearls,straw color, light and dark shades of tan. There is noother hat made that gives the same service and satisfaction to a customer as Stetson Hats. Some merchantsrr.ay try to convince you otherwise, but do not be deceived.Let Your Spring Hat Be a Stetson$4 and $5Our $3.50 Special Hat you will find to be very serviceable and nobby., ll TVTnil fmm T-nrfs firm Otlier DOlQUiRenter's Christiania correspondent. ment is the general bell ej "t tae f the bm is a complete will be dispatched to Carlisle on thenaval attacnes in,Germans by a J"""00"-?. victory for the administration. Oppo- noon train instead of the 8:30 morn--leutral countries have been cai eu t .of a lew nunareu ""- 'nents of the bill vere hopeful o" ing train. The Lexington mail, which.nn innnniips .. ;iriuno enmp. tn liic uuw"" . .... . . i. i i i ..probable." . ,. . ,These conferences it is indicate c.i.y the publication, arose out of deyel-'LADIES' NIGHT."State and the State Treasurer. will eliminate the lay-over m raris iorThe first test of the line-up on the about, two hours.members of Rathbone Lodge, bill came when Representative HarryHIGH WATERS..,j w. , Tornstrfr ThP members ol itatnuone L.ouj;e, " - t-Yemenis during Count von BernBtoiif The men be Qf CovIngtolli t he administra-stay in Christiana, ... '"-";;;" J"" "'t s,le Thursday night. Marcn tion floor leader, moveu tne predionorts, it says, ere m - '..:,, on nc "i miles' Night." when a social question at the conclusion oi tne ai- . meltinK sn0ws. heavyUenuaii.' -, - ., .Nettleton Spring ShoesAre now ready for your inspection. Light weight Russiaand Tan Calf, Vici Kids and Calf. Both in High Cutsand Oxfords. The sensible and serviceable shoes for men.coUinn will be held, at which it it, dress of Representative A. J. Oliver rf. warmer weather. the creeksproposed to have the wives, sisters, wll0 introduced the bill. Meyers won and brancheg throughout the county,,. iKp,-nl sweethearts, aunts anu ny tne vote oi o: 10 .o. . have been vary higll stoner especiallyWASHINGluis, iaiwI r' wiV c0USis of the members of the order . almost out o its banks duringcoders to the naval & as lionoKguestB. THE NERVIEST STUNT. damage has been donerianrsde, the German A ee pod Kniglits . a by the .ise .eing theoftrcrtwTenTec l ZSZl pointed to per- Ueyfn ' pany, whuses waterpower ;at an o,a. conference oweeu o arangements. There will be " tn ' th " ftn aR a fnnt.rpst dinary stage of water, had to put itsState Lansing and secret,Navy Daniels. Thetransmitted directly tothe situation betweenAmerica developing into warPlilclieil & BiakemoreStetson Hats Manhattan Shirts Nettleton Shoesorders will be music, refreshments, (lots of them), wbJle tyillg his SQOe vvell, the squir' steam plant in operation during theto the gun crews fun, and a general good time. i els .haven't got all of them" yet. high water..tV -' i,PAGE TWOTHE'BpiJRBON NEWS, PARIS, KY.FRIDAY, MARCH 16, 1917.The Bourbon Newsneeds. The pupil should be taught.about tho" evils of existing government,li'EVERYWOMAN" COMES! TO LEXINGTON AGAIN.MILLERSBURG !Established 138135 Yearstinuous Publication.of Con- an given a desire to help on betterthings. He should be taught that noHenry "W. Savage's "Every woman 'man is a ooa citizen wno does notCompany, one of the largest dramaticrl bllshed Every Tuesday and Friday, vote regularly and intelligently.and musical organizations on tour willreturn to Lexington for two days onyj e lear 52.UU six aiontus. .i.ouPayable in Advance.Miss Florence Vimontcontinues,r,.,. ,,1.t', f1, ,.An Anti Billboard Crusade.t Oi J IllllLU CMC SU.111C. I, - trr. i -mr -. r. !Miss Stella Hurst has return' , Monday ana luesuay. wen i anax . A , I after sDendimr thp win tor in Flnrirln 20. There will be a special matineeTher? is a movement just now in laiiei speimmg uie winter in 10"tta- ., ?-.- r Wi,, ,,., ;: Mr. A. H. Smedley returned Wed- Tuesday.fiWlFT CHAMP, Editor and Owner..",.. , ! , ,'f 7 nesday after a three-iveeks' sojourn at "Everywoman" is a unique form of(Entered at the Paris, Kentucky. dside billboards, a nd t he su bj ect is Dawson springs. entertainment, combining in one tre-deal of attention allPostofflce as Mail Matter of the fe" " fcUU" """ j"- -"" " uuring uie eiecincai storm lues- mendous spectacle, opera, drama andSecond Class.)over the country. Quite a number ofStates now have protectionAny erroneous reflection upon the billboards within the highw;li4mo4np coil?o- m rnnnfntifin rf 1,- if 1, -,r.l ...- :.nAnn:i.1 flCfid. TllH bam V!1R flllPfl WlMl sllPOnuay nicnt tne Dig Darn on tne tarm oc c;,i nma,. at,, envo ,-o hrm.against Mr. W. W. Shannon, near town, was . , ,Me nwn ' of ' )rfMti,n m,0ay limits struck by lightning and badly dam- b , , to 'Uliu tiiiu umj iavuij v)uiuau vjii11I'lJifvu4lvviw, -'"'"'& " iWlilwwvH t. UUl 1L 11U.3 M1UCU 11CVL IU lUIUUSSIUIC " . ' " 7 - " I,!l. I. ,,, ,n1.:nn. nmrnnhany person, firm or corporation which to ton the erection of defacing sitnis at tne time- seven of Uiem bem& lallefi p . ' , i T V" ,"fa , BC""May appear in the columns of THE " lightning. The barn was partly .triumphal tour of both the large and.BOURBON NEWS uill be gladly cor- TJ H !.." mMii mr.i,,tJinsured iu the Hur&L Home Insurance 'small cities.rected if brought to attention of the Ttepiactice among letail merchants Compaiiy. , The title role is takqn this year beditor. of US,I1S lhes s,Sf alons highways! -Mr. William Beciaft. aged seven lhe young and beautiful Paula Shav- seems to be decreasing. They appea: ty-one, died Monday at 2:30 p. m., alL,n;o,i tn i, fh ,r0nt0Bf wl.i :. . . .ADVERTISING RATESto realize that there is a lot of feeling his home near here, after a lingeringagainst this sort of advertising, and illness of a complication of diseases.Display Advertisements, $1.00 per that a merchant makes himself un,topInch for Jirst time; 50 cents per inch uiar n this way.each subsequent insertion. The v,orst offenders are national adReading Notices. 10 cents per line vertlsers who strin al prominenteach issue; reading notices in black , , . ., , , ,. 'tvne. 20 cents ner line, each issue. motor roads and railroad lines a row oiCards of thanks, calls on candi- l,,se' us &1si wmcu irausiorm exception of a lew yearsdates, obituaries and resolutions, and pretty country scenery into a sordid sided at Jacksonville, 111., he had livsimilar matter, 10 cents per line. j-uggestion of commercialism. ' ed in his father's home where he wasSpecial rales for large advertise- In former days you could plant cir I born. He was one of a family of sexnents and yearly contracts. Cus posters all over a fanner's barn eral children, and is survived by twoThe richt of publisher is reserved u.. ;Vio- i, f;0r-Q(c n, nnrfnwm' brothers, James and Dink Becraft, wheto decline any advertisement or other , ... - ... . . , ,.. x, residewoman" Mr. Savage has ever hadThere are 7 speaking parts, largeance for his family.in TVTiccmivi Sovoral cic(nrcT5,tf f 1nr fVi-matter for publication. A . . , J' ,.,,,," have preceded him to the grave.Announcements for political offices tfll,-'P,li'l larmer realizes tnat tne , Early in Iife he was united' in marri-must invariably be accompanied by ppeuxance Allien nis property gives Pge to Miss Reynolds, of Jacksonville,Mr Tspprnft wns nnp nf our mostprcminent faimers, and has been in .choruses and ensembles and a specialfailing health for some time. For the 'orchestra is carried on tour,past two weeks he had been confined Over four million people have witto his home, and his family and friends nessed "Everywoman." It has an enrealized the end was near. With tlu Urnssiiiir storv. tellimr of the advent-When he re- ,i,.oc tJmt linfnll n vniinc nnrl hr;mHfiiti J'woman of our day who sets out fromiher home in search of love. Herquest leads her into strange placesAt one time Hhe is behind the scenesof a metropolitan theatre, herself thethe cash. 'ANNOUNCEMENT.jto tne passer-by if covered with paint ill., and for.medicine, circus, or other advertising.,it looks as if the owner had no public'spirit, as if he was pressed for moneyIThe place is made unattractive to aliENew SubscribersWe are authorised to announce the j who ma visit lt in search of farm progod Democrats below as candidiates ducts.al the Democratic primary on August j The same is doubly true of residence4y 1917, to fill the offices to which, districts. You would lower real estateacy aspfre:FOR STATE SENATORLEE W. WA1NSCOTT,Clark County.GEORGE HON,Clark County.A OR AM REXICK.Clark County.FOR REPRESENTATIVE.C. M. THOMASIvalues 25 per cent, in any locality j died some ears ago, and Mrs. J. T.merely by erecting a few ugly bill (Jefferson, who resided with lier father,boards. Similarly the removal of bill Some years ago while Mrs. Becraftboards will turn an unpleasant neigh Pvas n a visit to her tamily at Jackborhood into a homelike residence jsonville. III., she xvas stricken wiLipneumonia and died. The Tuneral 01.5jbccuoii. jMr Becraft as iiel(1 al 2:30 Tuesday,j The countryside along a railway line. al his residence, conducted by Rev.is defaced by these signs. The trav-JB. C Horton, of Lagrange, formerlyeler looks at it as an uninteresting re- pastor of the Methodist church atleading actress, a petted favorite; a., janother she is holding high carnivalin her sumptuous apartment at midtor a time resided at tnat ,. thG toast f iie houI. surroun(iplace. Later he returned to his old worshippers and satellites,home, where he spent the remainder ... , , . , , x i i i.of his long and usefuljife. He wasafc stm a laL3r Penod she had Pald th !a retiring, unassuming man, a citizen toll for her dissipation and alone and 157friendless, sne wandei s tne city streets 20bat midnight on New Year's Eve as rois Jterers are celebrating the passing ofthe old! year and are welcoming theadvent of the new. The production is Jon a huge scale. Jwho was interested in everythingabout him. and was a life-long member of the Methodist church. Twochildren were born to he and his estimable wifeMr. W. R. Becraft, whoCHINA READY TO JOINAGAINST THE GERMANS.gion, without local pride or appreciation of its own advantages. It would'seem as if granges, boards of tradehn;hipc;: mpn's Jiccnpin firms :itw1 flipTViu: Doc Marshall and Bob Gilkcy as shouW lQ ft naUonalFOR -SHERIFF.WILL G McCLlNTOCK,Witti D.deputies.L. A. SOPER.C. Chirk1 and L.as deputies.C. Ashcrafi. 1(movement to get rid of defacing billI boards.FOR COUNTY ATTORNEYDAVID D. CL1NE.COUNTY SUPERINTENDENTSCHOOLS.J. B. CAY WOOD.MISS MABEL ROBBINS,PARIS TESTIMONYHome Proof, Here, There andEverywhere.OFIiFOR JAILERGEO. W. JUDYTHOS. TAUL.JOHN H. DOTY.WALKER KISER.C. T. MASTERSON,W. O. BUTLER,JOHN W. KING,J. W. HART.Millorsburc. A large concourse of relatives and friends followed the remams to their last resting place inthe Millersburg Cemetery.Mr. and Mrs. Alex llawes. of Chicago. 111., were guest, of their grandmother. Mrs. America Butler. Mondayand Tuesday. Mr. llawes W3S uniteda few days ago in marriage to MissSales, of tha city, and while out ontheir bridal tour spent, a day and niuhrwith his grandmother, lie is ajmer Millersburg boy. and he, with his 1 ' rr1 When you see Doan's Kiilnev Pill? 'congratulations. Mrs Butler is an, . . ., . ."attractive voung lady, well known.recommended in this paper you most ag she hag vsUed hQrQ jn tfaealways find the recommender a Pans , past Thev went from nere to Ash.j resident. It's the same everywhere 1 ja Whcre Mr. Hawes will attend totin 3,800 'towns in the U. S. Forty, some business for the Pig Iron Co. hej thousand people publicly thank Doan's11 represents.Wliat other kidney remedy can give '(this prcof of merit, honesty and truth? j EVERYTHING GOING UP EX-PEKING, March 15. The Senatehas approved the seerancc of relations with Germany by a vote of 15?.to 37. It is expected that the government will take action to this effect atonce. IHOW TO PREVENT CROUP.When the child is subject to attacks of croap, see to it that he eat:;a light evening meal, as an overloaded stomach may bring on an attacklso watch for the first sympomshoarseness, and give Chamberlain'ifor-' 'ouSn Remedy as soon as the chilnecoines noarse. uiuainuuie every(adv-mar)Home testimony must be true or ItCEPTING COFFEE AND TEA.FOR ASSESSOR. WALTER CLARK.t Paris, with J no J Redmon. of NortlMiddJetown, as deputy.GEO. D. SPKAKES.ot Paris, with Lee R. Craven, of LittleHook, at Deputy.FOR MAYORJAMES H. MORELAND.0.FOR POLICE JUDGECLAUDE F. REDMON,J. W. BROWN.P. A. THOMPSONHARRY L. MITCHELL.ERNEST MARTINj could not be published here. Read thisParis recommendation. Then insist on' Retail food prices in the Unitedhaving Doan's. You will know wha' 1 States advanced 19 per cent, in thevou are getting: year ending with January 15, as shown. Phillip M. Heller, prop, meat mar-'m statistics prepared by the Bureau.ket. 722 Main St.. Paris, savs: "I haw1 of Labor statisican. The increase was ,, 'used Doan's Kidney Tills a few time. : greater than for the three years pre- .in the past and have been greatly ben-' v,OU! coumineu. in ium juais, K"m ,efited by them. Sometimes my back,was 30 Per cent- jiias been weak and lame and the kid Every food staple except coffee andnev secretions have passed too fre-'tea advanced during the year. Onions 1- quentlv, causing me to get up often a and potatoes led with increases oT'night. I have used a box of Doan's lore than 50 per cent. jKidnev Pills at these times and they sme cf the advances were: Sirloin.have alwavs rid me of the complaint. 7 Per cent; round steak, 8 per cent; .I always think that they are a splen- " rast, S per cent; chuch roast, 7did medicine and gladly recommend Per cent; pork chops, 10 per cent,them." ,bacon, 8 per cent; ham, 4 per cent:Price 50 cents at all dealers. Don't lar(l 22 Per cent nens- 4 Per cent IA - O ." . A I.simply ask for a kidnev remedy get jsaimon. 1 per ceni; eggb, per cem..Doan's Kidney Pills the same that butter. 18 per cent; cheese, 27 per cent:Mr Heller .hail. Foster Milbnrn Co. milk. 11 percent; bread, 13 per cent;hprn4. ' J' .".?Props:., BulTalo. N. Y.EDITORIAL MUSINGS.r a m a m a m or-r- a -r-MTC rrM.ING TO UNITED STATES-1 per CG1ladv") !our. 3 per cent; corn meai, Z6 per'cent; potatoes, 50 per cent; onions, 5Sjper cent; beans, 39 per cent; prunes,; 8 per cent; raisins, 16 per cent; sugar,Teaching Citizenship.v.-cnonrr f.v, . ,v: .. What great good has this inefficient...oi.aiiciii li win j,uuaiu-iaioiii5 aco .-i,i 0 ,. ili,i .:u n !. : ,'Jl 111 U.V,,U11J4111011CU 1L11 clll Lilt; IIUIC Itions as far distant as Alberta, Can- j it -.,! u. ,on,1inr n!ri,iro wi.It is announced at Pittsburg thadlada. report large stocks of potatoes J instead of writing letters?tho public schools will establish a de-, still in the hands of the brokers, andpartroent for training in citizenship ithat there is really no adequate rea- The path of glory but leads to an-Tflis is probably designed for children son for the excessive potato prices in other line of trenches. jand aliens. But many leading citizens the Eastern cities. ; iee3 very much to attend such a' The Calgary Telegram of March 1 re-,JUDAS HAD EDGE 0Ncourse. (ports that buyers have shipped out' UNPATRIOTIC SENATORSIf they obey the laws, many people thirty cars of potatoes within the last' 'thing they are good citizens. When ' week or ten days and that a St. Louis ' The twelve apostate Senators whothe caucuses and primaries come ,' bu3er has purchased over a hundred , na(1 tlie supreme nerve to try and ,around, they forget all about it. Some 'cars of Alberta potatoes, and there is block the President's armed neutral ,small knot of politicians thereby be still a very considerable supply. ' ty bill in the United States Senate1come able to "put over" hand picked The chief difficulty of buyers is to have heen unmercifully flayed anil1nominations. get cars to handle this merchandise . flouted from one end of the country to 1Not more than 10 lo 25 per cent or and the car shortage rather than the tlie other, but it is very doubtful ifaking.'crop shortage is the chief cause of;eve" tne best tilings nenry watter-HH&nowWnstocfiltfro seehowyouan? Jixedforcol!DiON'T let the, cold.austere month ofMarch annoy you any. Buya ton of the coal we're selling and send Winter on hisway. Forward, March!Get the dependable "HotStuff,"FOXRJDGfY. C. D0DS0K2052045915-115-24614793741C22S5209233129356945915112732175915092S219443314122727S29017652S2512021345981441411394S58667012-3Installed By The Paris HomeTelephone & Telegraph Co.PARIS EXCHANGE. ,Ball, Joe, residence, Virginia AvenueBiddle, M. O., residence, Twentieth St. an.l Clifton AvenueBroaderick, Geo. F., residence. Thornton DivisionFlorence, Walter, Fithian AvenueFrank, Julian, residence, Winchester PikeFrye, O. L. Jeweler and Optician, Second and Main StreetsFrye, O. L., residence, Bourbon CollegeGaines, Joe, residence, Clifton AvenueGault, John B., residence, Fourteenth and Main StreetsGrimes, Miss Elizabeth, residence, Duncan AvenueHart, Winston, Merchants' Delivery, Second StreetHertig, J. R., residence, Thornton DivisionHuffman, Clyde H., residence Fifteenth StreetInsko, George, residence. High StreetJett, Porter, residence, East ParisKing, I. G., residence, Virginia AvenueKing, Rankin, residence, Whites' AdditionMargolen, IT.. Meat Market. 013 Main StreetMerringer, W. M., residence, Main StreetMitchell, Mrs., Boarding Houi,e, Tenth and Main StreetsOberdorfer, L., residence, Nkuh and Pleasant StreetsOrr, Dr. J. A . residence. Cypress StreetParis Independent Tobacco Wiiehouse, S. Main StreetPrice & Company. Main Strot.Perkins, A. B residence, Lilieston AvenueSanders, Miss Mary, residence 1333 Main StreetSale, R. J., residence, Houston AvenueSprati. Jack, residence. White's AdditionTankersley. Fount, residence, Lilieston AvenueThacker, E. W., residence. Parrish AvenueTuck, G. O., Tobacco Warehouse, Clintonville pikeTurner, Robert, residence, Henderson StreetWoodford, James B., residence, Clintonville PikeYoung, Tollie, residence, North Middletown PikeMILLERSBURG EXCHANGEFryman, Bert, residence, Trigg StreetJohnson, Oscar, residence, Main StreetLeggett, Luther, residence, Main StreetMiller Barber Shop, Main StreetStone, Thomas, residence, Pleasant StreetLITTLE ROCK EXCHANGE .Chanslor, Boone, residence, Little Rock, Ky.Gore, Chester, residence, Jackstown PikeHanks, G. J., residence, Little Rock, Ky.CLINTONVILLE EXCHANGE.Crawford, TJiomas, residence. Austerlitz PifceWeathers, Sam L., residence, Clintonville PikeSHAWHAN EXCHANGE.44-3 Lail, R. R., Coal Yard. Shawhan. Ky.Please cut this out and paste in your Directory,a.You Don't Have toStoopIf You Use athe voters usually take part in mnominations, the elections will takejdiigh prices.care of themselves. Those who stay at 'home give as excuse that they are YOU NEED A SPRING LAXATIVEtoo tired, have othor pmrmrpinpiiis. nt !that thr mariiinoe ,-.. c,vt ,, iUr.'i Dr- King's NewDr. King's New Life Pills will rethe accumulated wastes of win-son nas written auout tne inincncould exceed in satire and bitternessthis contribution to the Courier-Journal. trom the pen of Mr. Graham McFarlane, of Clarksville, Tenn.:1sM uo thevi 7: . ...... ... ... .. imove tne acCUinuiateu wastes OI AVin-I Tn nnmnnrinir tlip PnnP-rrcinnnThat jus. suits the .na.hine. o'ZJaZ' .A?u,te? "". Beelict Ar'their fnhn. nn thnno in,inion huMte i,.- ..,. -r ..zr i,.-i, " -nolu and Judas iscanot, tlie press ssieeling out of your system, brighter.It is not enough to attend primaries vour eve. clear vour comnlexion. Gt doinS an injustice to two men who.j .t-i.i: ! ii ii r j l".ii ..: ,i c .i ..: lipinp rlpnrl nannnt rlpfonrt fhpmnelvof;b.qu eiucLHiiis. il iiu HcitMiuuii is givuii Liiuu nil aim biiuy ui. guuu IJUllllin " o ....w w... ...w...w. . ww.to the issues tliereof. A man will deliberate for days over a business dealhealthy blood. Dr. King's New Lifo "Arnold's expedition to QuebecFills are a non-griping laxative thar 'showed great military ability and magBut he a!(ls nature's process. Try them to- nificent physical courage. Feeling(aggrieved at what he thought faint'recognition of his services and fallingnight.At all druggists, 25c.(adv-mar)involving only a small sumvill prepare for act as an electormerely by reading newspaper head-tlines. Or he will depend on chanceconversations with men he sees on the CONTRACTS LET FOR U. S.street. These men may be as ill in AERIAL WARSHIPSformed as himself. Consequently; under the influence of tlie ''pacifists,"'he committed treason, and his name became a byword forever."Judas was a poor devil to whomthirty pieces of silver looked like afortune. Had Judas been in receipt ofthe salary 3f a United States SenatorWA5mT.TOV TUnivli 1 Tlinmany voters at the polling booth And (UnUe(1 stateg too'k the first long stepthe names of candidates entirely un toward the formation of a dirigiblefamiliar. They know nothing for or o?rshin nnw Mnminv. w.hpn tho xrnwagainst them, good or bad. Thu Department bought sixteen of the non-'he JSht- hflvo resisted the temptationthey vote hit or miss. Is it any won-' rigid type. The contracts were award- t-o betray our Saviour.der that all forms of government are'ed as follows: Curtiss Aeroplane "He also had the decency to hanginefficient and costly?An attempt to teach citizenship inschools then should not be merely imjiring facts. Knowledge of the civicstructure amount to little. What isueedvd is an dea of governmentCompany, Buffalo, three, with power himself."plants, for $122,250; Connecticut Air- .,craft Company, New Haven, two, foi Electrical devices connected with an$S4,000; Goodyear Tire and Rubber advertising mirror cause advertiseCompany, Akron, nine, for $300,000, ments to mysteriously appear on itsB. F. Goodrich Company, Akron, two,' surface and obscure the features offor ?S2,Ono. . "persons looking at it.Garland ;& ' jl. m x . iHERE IS A GOOD PLACE TO STOP FOR LITTLE MONEY.LOUISVILLE HOTEL, Louisville, Ky., Main St., bet 6th & 7th.The Only Hotel in Louisville Operated on the American and European PlansAMERICAN PLAN Rooms without Bath but with Hot and Cold Runningwater (With Meals)75 Rooms single, $2.00 per day; 2 people, $2.00 each50 Rooms .Single, 2.50 per day; 2 people, 2.25 eaci50 Front Rooms Single, 3.00 per day; 2 people, 2.50 eachRooms with Private Bath: "oG Rooms., single, 3.00 per day; 2 people, 2" .7o eachno Rooms single, d.oo per day; 2 people, 3.00 eachEUROPEAN PLAN Rooms without Bath but with Hot and Cold RunnfnqWater (Without Meals)75 Rooms Single, ?1.00 per day; 2 people, $0.75 each50 Rooms , single, 1.25 per day; 2 people, 1.00 each50 Front Rooms ...single, 1.50 per day; 2 people, 1.25 eachRooms with Private Bath:50 Rooms single, 1.50 per day; 2 people, 1.25 each50 Rooms single, 2.00 per day; 2 people, 1.50 swhTHE OLD INN, Louisville, Ky., Cop. 6th and Main Sts., European P3ft Osfy.Rooms Without Bath, $1 and up; Rooms With Private Btf, fljf $ft C$BEST EATING PLACE IN TOWN.The Louisville Hotel and the Old Inn are located in the wholiCJJt'xSand only a three-block's walk to the retail district and theatres.imaai n ag moigiMaii i nr ar aq oracaa oi p toA MAN AND HIS WIFEmay both derive satisfactionby having their worn and soiledgarments cleaned by us. Thecost is nominal, while the pleasure of wearing old clothes thathave the appearance of new, inconjunction with the knowledgethat you are effecting a greatving must surely satisfy you.A phone brings us.LEVY, THE DRY CLEANERCumberland Fhone 40Home Phone 1692A beautiful line of Garlands on dis- Will cure Blind, Bleeding and Itching i-'Iles.!play. Come in and look them over. absorbs the tnmors, allays itching at once,Tor sale by all druggists, mall 50c and 91.00.Paris Gas & Electric Co. AMSMFG-coionCicveioohiCOfPCrated) I OBERDORFER, The DruggistPILES! PILES! PILES! When you feelZT.WILLIAMS' INDIAN PILE OINTMENT vous, tired, worried or despondent it is asure sign you needMOTT'S NERVEKIWEPILLS: They renew the normal vigor amjmake life worth living. Be sure and ask fMott'i Ncrverine Pills $WaUAMS MFG. CO . Fn. C1tIm4. 04iiOBERDORFER, The Druggist.V- TrFRIDAY, MARCH 1C, 1917.THE BOURBON NEWS, PARIS, KY.PAGE&For Sale.Sixty nice stock heifers; weightabout GOO pounds.CAYWOOD & McCLINTOCK.il3-2wks4t) Paris, Ky.For SaleOne set of dining room furniture, i.itirstrclass condition. Call HomePhone 96, Pans.For Rent.Suite of 3 rooms, corner fifthand Main streets, second floor. Entrance on Fifth, a few steps from Main.Electricity, gas, steam heat. Ladies'and gents' toiletDAUGHERTY BROS.,13-3t) Either Phone.For Rent.WOMAN NOW INPERFEGTHEALTHWhat Came From Readinga Pinkham Advertisement.SOCIAL AND PERSONAL.Comings and Goings of OurPeople Here, There andElsewhere.CANDIDATES WARNED OF .NEW "CORRUPT PRACTICE ACTPaterson, N. J. "I thank you forthe Lydia E. Pinkham remedies as theynave made me welland healthy. Sometime ago I felt sorun down, had painsin my back and side,was very irregular,tired, nervous, hadsuch bad dreams,did not feel like eating and had shortbreath. I read youradvertisement inthe newspapers andjKfa?iawe 'xp s&It is highly important for candidatesfor office in Kentucky to familiarizethemselves with the provisions of the !Miss Laura Liiw i oct "Corrupt Practice Act," passed by thefriends in Cincinnati. ' , Legislature of 1916.Mr. James Rye Is improving from' Jt is compulsory that each candia recent illness at his home on Mt. date file with the County Clerk orAiry avenue. proper official an itemized satementI Mrs. Wm. Kelley, of Covington, is of expenses incurred during his camClitonvilT MrS W W HalGy' "ear Paign' SUch a3 Printin&' stationery,-ut-o1 a;n,,. r. t i stamps, stenographers, rent for publicMrs. Sithey Burgin has returned un ,. ,from a visit to Mrs John L. Bosley. halIs for speaking, and all other exin Winchester. (penses incurred pertaining to his elecMrs. Rudoiph Davis has returnee1 tion- Sucb papers must be filed fit-from a visit to her mother, Mrs. Mary teen days before the primary, and alsoHowes, in CarlisleMr. and Mrs. Ciyde Richard, ofCarlisle, are guests of relatives inParis andi the county.Miss Artie Ashbrook, of Lexington,was a guest this week of her sister.Mrs. Thomas W. Allen.Mr. Richard Hubbard has returnedto his home in London, Ky., after avisit to friends near Paris.fifteen days before the regular election. The penalty for failing bo complywith this law, is a fine in any sum notto exceed $5,000, or to be confined inthe county jail not to exceed sixmonths, or both.The BOURBON NEWS has been appointed as agent in Bourbon countyHouse of 5 rooms on Lilleston avenue. Electric Lights, Gas, Watei,Bath. Garden Spot, Concrete CellarApply to undersigned.MRS. R. M. HARRIS,Home phone 82. Paris, Ky.9-3t)Lost DogRewardBetween my house on tne Clintonille pike and Paris, a large yellowShepherd dog, with white neck ancblack and white feet, black streak botween shoulders. Answers to name' of"Quincy." A liberal rewaid will beraid for Information leading to his rerovery.ED, TURNER, Paris, Ky.(3t) Phones, Cumb. 403; Home, 2GGHave Your WallPaper Cleaned.Am prepared to clean the paper onyour wall, and make them look asgood as new. Work guaranteed. CallHome phone 163. (13-4t)NOTICE!Mr. and Mrs. Walter Wuertz, of. to handle and sell the Thomas KenDanville :. are guests of Mr. and Mrs. H tuck Election Forms, which arc"'3? J tor tote Purpose. With theseand a third, also a bottle of Lydia E. ,,' cV Truiic ma whom ho ,.,, .forms it is no trouble to keep an ac-Pinkham's Blood Purifier, and now I am called by the death of his nephew. curate account of expenditures, etc.i nese lqrms ave reserveu anu iproieci-decided to try a bottle of Lydia E.Pinkham's Vegetable Compound. It workedfrom the first bottle, so I took a secondby the Cadiz Record, ofand I am sure they will help her to getrid of her troubles as they did me."Mrs. Elsie J. Van der Sande, 36 No.York St, Paterson, N. J.Write the Lydia E. Pinkham Medicineneed special advice.flOT AO TTT3i II O 0" nthnw Trr I W " V - f -l -juavBanwiiwoujfuuici vvuuiau. x ttu- .UTS. W . i. UOOUWIH anU illtie SOIt.vise every woman, single or married, of Lexington, were guests of Miss : ed by lawwho is troubled with any of the afore- Carolyn Roseberry, several days this Cadiz, Ky.eaid ailments, to try your wonderful week. I A11 candidates are required to makevegetable compound and tJlood Funher , " Jl?uu :" these statements, and the easiest an-1iifiT'o mnvn irnm mnir rnrniar iinm.near Paris to their farm in Franklin ,best wa is to purchase one of these ,COUlltV I UUV. 1UC pi lliC IS yi.OU. VjUlWUMiss Lucy Hunter and Blanche in and see one, and give us your order.Clarke have returned to their homes We have samples to show, but willin Winchester after a visit to friends have to sond in orders to Cadaz forCo., (confidential) Lynn, Mass, if you in Paris. .stock. We are going to send in anMrs. Samuel Biggs, of Huntington, order next week Let yours comeW Va is a guest of her parents Mr. wIfch regtuiiu iirs. Hi. i. nuuges, un oiuu-iavenue.Mr. J. A. Stern, who has been con- (t-0fined to his home for several days suffering from an attack of lumbago, isLONE NEGRO HOLDS .POSSE AT BAYTHE BOURBON NEWS,Paris, Ky,MAYSVILLE, KY., March 15. Entrennhed in n linrn wlioro l-in tnnir mfuge after shooting the Chief of Police out ?Tgainand a milkman, William Sanders, anegro, Sunday afternoon held off aMrs. J. M. McVey and little son, orDayton, Ky.. are guests of her father,mob of 350 armed men. woundinir -lwu1' lullin' auu """" "c"o ii V. Ulll'JUVlllU.BOURBON COUNTY ENTRIESIN LATONIA STAKESNo Eggs, Milk or ButterThe following recipe shows how an appetizing-,wholesome cake can be made without expensiveingredients.In many other recipes the number of eggs maybe reduced one-half or more by using an additional quantity of ROYAL Baking Powder,about a teaspoon, in place of each egg omitted.EGGLESS, MILKLESS, BUTTEKLESS CAKE1 cup brown sugarV cups water1 cup seeded raisins2 ounces citronJ cup shortening1 teaspoon nutmeg1 teaspoon cinnamonteaspoon salt2 cups flour5 teaspoons Royal Baking PowderThe old method (fruit cake) called lor 2 eggsDIRECTIONS Put the first eight Ingredients Into saucepan and bollthree minutes. When cool, add the flour and baking powder which have beenbitted together; mix well. Bake in moderate oven in loaf pan (round tin withi.ole in center is best) for 35 or 40 minutes. Ice with white icing.Booklet of recipes which economize in eggs and otherexpensive ingredients, mailed free. Address RoyalBaking Powder Co , 135 William Street, New York.BAKING POWDERMade from Cream of Tartar, derived from grapes,adds none but healthful qualities to the food.No AlumNo Phosphate:TOBACCO PRODUCTION LARGER.erthree of tiie number before he felldead before a volley fired as the besiegers charged his barricade;Chief of Police James MackeySheriff Mike Brown, Charles Switzer, amilkman, and Joseph Owens and FredWells, members of the posse, wereseriously wounded by the negro beforehe was killed.The Latonia Championship Stakesfor foals ot 1910 to run as 3-year-oldo 'Mrs. Thos. Kiser md little daugh- in uie autumn -oi ;u at baionm cioster, Miss Nancy Kiser, and Misred with 458 entries, of 'which twenty (Rachel Mansfield, are gnests of rela-.were cabled from England and fivetives in Danville. from France. IMrs. Arthur B. Hancock will enter j to this race the Latonia Jockey 'tain the members of her Bridge ClubClub a(ds $15f000. FQr each of the1458 nominations $10 was paid at thetime of entry on March 1.at her home on Pleasant street,morrow (Friday) afternoonto-,r.. t "ii i . i,, w,.iine or entry on Aiarcu i.lMsSvPSllie8Si!ln t'seriousiy ill at lhe Massie Memorial! For eacfli horse declared out by Janhis life. livery volley poare into the TT ..; . .,... ;i.. nor. 1 iqic m nrifiitimmi 59?: w h.-- . j rc ri r.1. in I Mil: r.iiv ..- vi.i.i.. I....I1 hili . ..f-Lij. LA.X& lhala.&.va.4a .is .1... wilUOHUII, 111 lUlO VUJi IU uvi.N, v...w, . .barn by members of the posse wasanswered by the crack of his rifle.Three men who attempted "sniping"at close range paid the penalty byfalling wounded.Sealed proposales for supplying corrugated iron pipe for culverts to Bouihoa County dring the year 1917, willbe received at the office of the CountyClerk, Paris, Ky., until 9 o'clock a. m.,THURSDAY MARCH 22, 1917.No bids that do not comply with thestandard specifications of the StaleDepartment cf Public Roads for corlegated Iron pipe will be consideredPEARCE PATON.Clerk Bourbon County Court.9-2tF)BAD COLDS FROMwas slightly improved yesterday.Mr. Harry Saloshin has returnedto his home in Cincinnati, after avisit to his parents, Mr. and MrsLouis Saloshin, on Pieasant street.Miss Delia Wasson, who has beena guest of Mr. and Mrs. W. B. WoodSUDDEN CHANGES. iord' at their nome on the Winchesterpiue, nas returneu i uer nome ur ci-sailles.Spring brings all kinds of weatherand with it come colds and the revival of winter coughs and ihoar-j-ness.Dr. Bell's Pine-Tar-Honey willpaid, and for each horse declared outby January 1, 1919, an additional ?5'will be paid. All remaining in afterJanuary 1, 1916, will pay $100 each,while starters will pay an additional$250. It is estimate'! that this "racewill be worth $40,000.Mr. A. B. Hancock, of Paris, a director in the Kentucky ThoroughbredMrs.. A. W. Cottingham, who sus- jforse Association, nominated thirtytained painful injuries several days fnur ontriCs. while oilier nominatersago as the result of a fall she receiv- from Bourbon COUnty wpio have from"u -" "-" - "v--a n.-iiViior mil , A , , c ., .. ,head off a new cold or stop the old eu.aL ei iiom on orjutu .iawi l.l entries each, are Charlton... .. .. .. ic imnrnvinvone. tne soothing balsams relieve tlie 10 ""f 1 m.., .i Alexander. Andrew J. Gorev. S. Ken-Nichols, Talbott Bros.. Wm. H-Mr. George M.and son. i., have re neyT'rt !-sore throat and heal the irritated tis- .." "ur- uwlb ,; m r Ti4. -. i.i j i i.-.i. .Master ueoree xi. layior, jir,rrt. r a. ",L turned to their home in Georgetown. .Whaley. Jr., and J. Hal Woodford25c. Formula on the bottle.(adv-mar)after a visit to Paris friends and relatives in this city. ji Mr. Philip Nippert. manager of theyear of 115,597,000 pounds, or 32cent gain.The United States Government rc- The outlook for good prices is nutport indicating that this year's tobacco so bright, however, as last year much. .crop will exceed that of last year by of the tobacco consumed in the treack15 per cent, has been received. The es in Europe has been grown in Kenfinal estimate of last year's crop plac- tucky, and if the threatened allieed the yield at 1,060,597,000 pounds, blockade of tobacco goes into force, -Thisyear a crop of 1,223.572,000 bacco prices, especially in the westermpounds is indicated, making an in- part of the State, will decline at acrease of 165,985,000 pounds. alarming rate.Kentucky produces one-third of the t The White Burley District will matentire crop of the country, and this bf- so seriously affected since tb9year will have a yield approximating greater part of this is consumed in the471,997,000 pounds, a gain over last limited States.Automobile Hearse or Ambulance!I desire to announce to our friends that I can, wheredesired, furnish an automobile hearse or ambulance. Thismethod of transpertation is especially desired on long- trips,the same being made in better time, and at no advance incost over the horse-drawn conveyance.GEO. W. DAVIS, Funeral Director.NOTICE!Paris Ice Manufacturing Co.'s nlant. I aattended the meeting of the State As-'sociation of Ice Mamuacturers, held in "Lexington, Wednesday. iTeddy Shrock. L. & X. engeneer .who was hurt in an noruilnnt. np:i.- fana, the other day Clarence Hall, a Winchester last week and brouaht i 5farmer, found a pearl whirh jewelers tu the Massie Memorial Hosnkal. in(CITHINGS TO WORRY ABOUT.While feeding hogs in the WabashRiver bottoms near Eansville. Indi-pronounced to be worth several hun- Paris, is slightly improved.Sealed bids forCounty one (1)Motor Truck willIlscal Court at theHouse, in Paris, Kyo'clock, a. m.,idred dollars. Any farmer in this'.county got any pearls thej want tofurnishing Bourbon '"cast before the swine?"five (5) ton White!be received by the (County Coun There is small chance oi not remem-until ninj bearing the Titanic so long as a singlei widow is lefLTHURSDAY, MARCH 22, 1917.PEARCE PATONClerk Bourbon County Court.9-tF)lUT.B.-a.um ii i - mma:i that theIT IS TRUEunusual sal1 of a remedyisthe best eidcnce ot its merit.ht3l-UDKXQSCUEIUJU- .iaiiKrirot omW tfi it xr tv H 8OFGroceries arid Ice CreamPlaat.RHEUMATISM POWDERSire guaranteed to give relief fromrheumatism. They are unusually largesellers. Sold unl by us. 30c and $1.00.OBERDOFER, The Druggist.Paris Kentucky.FORT "-. T"r-ii.1.,1 inmoO, 91 0OQI Q. &Mr. Charles C. Ci.irke. manager of ftthe Xew Independent Tobacco House jujiLyx-Liiiiieu me luiiuwing lueuiueis othe tobacco tradp with a noondaluncheon at the Kid Stout Cafe. Wednesday, Jas. McClure, Sr Jas. McClure. Jr.. Roy McCarthy, Dan WPeed. Messrs. Sturgeon, Muri.ivNichols, Stevenson and Elliott.Mrs. George Washington, who hasbeen spending the winter with herdaughter. Mrs. E. P. Clay, Jr., nearthis city, has gone to Newport, for avisit to her son, Mr. Ramsey Washington.Miss Martha Stephenson, of Clintonville, who was recently operated onat the Good Samaritan Hospital, inLexington, is on the road to recoveryHer mother, Mrs. A. L. Stephensonhas been with her most ot the tune.Mrs. George C. Reid and ZIr. andMrs. Horn, of Carlisle, were gueststhis week, of Mr. and Mrs. John CBedford, on the Bethlehem pike, neailJaiis. Mrs. Bedford is recjverintfrom the effects of a fall received ather home during thv icy spell sometime ago.MERS SUPPLY CO.ROBP.EEL BUILDING, COR. EIGHTF) AND MAIN, PARIS, KY.Everything the Farmer Needs at Lowest Possible Prices.FARAU Our Goods the Best That Money Can Buy. Buy the Best at a Savingof From 5 to 25 Per Cent.lnhl Rppvo Farm fmntampnte Three-horse Plows, guaranteed to scour in anyJOiifl Le. idllil liupiemenio. iand. Breaking: Plows, 50-60 Tooth Harrows.Cuttinft Harrows, Corn Planters, Walking and Riding Cultivators, Single, Double, Three andFour Shovel Cultivators. Mowers, Self Dumping and Pull Rakes, Binders, Drills, Wagons.Manure Spreaders, Garden Plows. Oliver Chilled, Vulcan and Sjracuse Points 40c each.J.I. Ca?p Tobacco Transplanters. All we ask of you is, before vou buy take a look at. ourmachinery and we will show you why you should buy John Deere Machinery.(Other Personals on Page 5);tu, fit waiter $r J. IfHWiHEruin.CMer a,il toy rirlne of n order o" j.iiendhte i i United SUilxm Di-triot Court for the JSastem Dicnct o,JCeucky. the uiidersi".ed TrusteeJ. H. Batterton, will, onIThre unfurnished rooms at No. 7'!2Walker avenue. Hot and cohl waterijuraenoi., land other conveniencea. Call HomelPhone 339.DO YOUR EASTERSHOPPING VERY EARLY(janJIO-tf)S-ttsrday,March"! Notice To lhe1 9 17,Haze you done your Easter s'lopV'mg yef? If not. you should bes.n att-nce. This is lhe statement made byv number of Paris retail houses, v. ho!have mostlv to do with the furnishing'of raiment for tne body for the Eis.eiI -will pay ihis senson the nighesx dicnlavbegtiinins at 1 o'clock a. m. at the j prices that have ever been known la Easter shopping, according to thoseoontkor of Seventh and Main street, in Paris for horse hides, uopf iiidos, lights or the local tirade, is becomingthe City oi Paris, Kentucky, aeli at liec pelts anil furs. . at. much fraught with hardships andpublic auction to tfie highit and best will also imi.v the higiuwt market suitermg, due to rush orders and overM4d$r, ttoe followtug articles o per.- j prficQ for.puigs ami Paper. I will send crowdfuf of the slopes late. in the afmw l ropwftrc ... f after it airy place in '.he city. Cil4Pruoonf .as Vas tho Christmas shonJ . ., ' """- T ;l,i-w- hv rumlKsriaMd piione oil. umce ouPublic!Qft&(0!&G?-. ,.1v1h' P'inniwl ri-lti ( ftta.nlLIti iteimd.). and all fcinas of aeairaWc FAh StreetInoird nt t'eui-one nuii ii.w-wv.-. ydred dollars $.lo0.oej.2. Two completely eqaiiHMd sodafomoalas.f. One Ford automobfle truck.4. Oae Cash Register, m excelkn.amiUiou.Q. Cm7lete ice creTtn raannfactujintf outfit including electric treeter,m&Lur; packers, cans, tubs, four wagons, and ail necessary appliances.7. iUso various articles of furniture and furnishings, too numerous t'mention, all in first-class condition.5. Big lot of Toys.TBRIS The terms of the .sale willbe announced on the day of the sale.W. .S. AltNSPARGER,Trustee of J. H. Batterton.-(13-2t) ' - -MAX MUNICH.Plarso Tgj3rirg:SfMnco (h death of my father. MJ R. Hanna, veil and favorably knowi.tovpi Paris ..nd Bourbon County t.r;. oar3 a? an expert piano-tuuer, 1 ha."succeeded him in business, and willcontinue "his work. I have been as.ciated with him since childthood, an 1I know what to do.Will be in Taris twice a week. 1am factory representative for the Lester Piano. Call or write,OSCAR F. HANNA. '485 West Sixth St..C-riiar-tQ Lexin gton, . Ky.jtung in the pat. New that the -Ii is becoming .educated to do itChristmas shopping early, and renlif"tl e frat 'saving of time and enr-tlie time is ripe to begin a campaigM ofc'ducation for early Easter buingBpdng goods have been on display sreral weeks, and the spring miJlinTvcuernily makes its apnearance ncearly as January. All shoppers ?I crested in maintaining a fair stan Ut1fsr gooiis on sale in the Paris st"r"are asked to do their Easter a'topr'"now, early in the day, early in thweek aufl early in the month.Mr. E. F. Poe, of Bourbon countyhas purchased the farm in Irn orqouqty, belonging to the ) 01 .n"J. S.acre.-Poe,deceased, for100.parmo&&QG9o9oo9m99HarnessHufgv Harness 12 to $25.00.Ponv Harness 10.00 to $15.00Breechinp: J56.00 to $10.00.Back Bands 25c 10 1.00.Belly Bands 50c to 75c.("heck Lines 3.50 to 64.75.Hames 75c t 1.75.Trace Chains 60c to 95c.Tlanie strintrs 15c to 25c.Bi idles 21.25 to $3.00.Breast Chains 50c to 65c.Collar Pad. all sizes, 30c.Saddles worth S5, now S17.50Saddles worth 824. now$l.50Saddles worth 10. now -57.50.Bos' Saddles .orlh ?9, now$7Boys' ' Saddles worth S7.50,now $5.50.All kinds of Horse Blanketsand Buggy Robes.. ChurnsDazey Chums, 3, 4 and 6gallons. Also wood churns.Scales?P&atfpS? EtC.We are agents for Fht--Morse Scales, Pumps.PastsWe have on hand about 1.000gallons Simmons Paint. Nobetter paint in the world.Bought last year. Can sellfor 40c per gallon less than wecould if bought to-day. Alsoa quantity of wrvto leadbought at the same time. ifyou are going to pint. see ubefore you buy. Linseec Oiland Turpentire. All kinds ofporch and inside pnint.V - - V. Vlist,rlana seeban!Engines, 'etc.lihiQebaker Autos.if you are going to buy an!Aii.omofejfe let 1.3 show youtho Stuciebaker. It has everything you could wish forin sai auornob:!e except thehigh price. Looks, comfort,power, roGsr:, workmanship,material tho best,Goodyear Tires and- Inner Tubes,all kinds of accessories, Gasoline.Auto Oil, Bumpers, Spot Lights,Sparks PIugst PUmps.etc.Good Farm Machinery Oil 25cper gallon; our Special Auto Oil40c; Gas and Seam Engine Oil.Crude Oi. for your hogs. CreamSeparator Oil worth S1.00, now50c per gallon.Look over ourwhat you need:Saws, Hatchets, Hammers.Planes, Axes. Mauls. Wedges,Locks of all kinds, DrawingKnives, Pruning Knives, Table Knives and Forks, PocketKnives, Butcher Knives. Carving Sets, Kitchen Knives,Shears and Scissors. SheerUiippmg Machines,Clipping Machines.Shears, Rakes, Hoes,all kinds of handles.Screws, Bolts, Horseshoes and.sans, Grindstones. Feed Baskets, Clothes Baskets, EggBaskets, Cistern Pumps, bothwood and galvanized, IceCream Freezers, Water Coolers, Buckee Incubators, United States Cream Sep'arators,Lawn and Porch Swings.Ta'ke a look at our STOVESHorseSheepForks.Nails,sIommland KANGES. We settNever-Rost Cast Iron LtangC"No better made. Guaranteed. 5tor zu years. v orth $60.00,now $40.00. Four-eve CookStove 312. 5'J to $16.00.Best Flour SiO.lo obi.in wood: Best FfanrAll Kinds of Staple Groceries. Seed Fotatces.0 CO bbl. in cloth: Best Flour 1.25 per 24 pounds; Meal per peck 40c; Pure Cane Supar1(.0 lis. S.20: Pure Care Sugar 113 lbs. :.llr can Corn 10c; can Hominv 10c; can Pumpkin'10c; ?0c California rea -lies 20c; 20e CddSornuLPeaches 15c; 30c California PineapDle 20e-.Uc Laiiiorma l.iP.cappjc 10c; rm ec najHiiier oua per id. i-:c; .viatcnes per box 5c: Rjeeper lb. 71-zc;pure-amviiei' in. zzc::: SmokU-Bacon per lb. f211c. All prices subiect to chnnm.,, . . rr1, 1 i i " 1I7 -II . - . -' -witncut notice, ine lrnincis ire ?irong on everining. we win not raise prices imlessabsolutely necessary. We can't advertise everything; give us a call and you will see thenthat we can save you money.Mam FARMERS SUPPLY COMPANY Pans, Ky.I (1 ":3QS$)9ICCvS2CS9CSCCeMv-Vt -.v -- C-t''- 'rsFACE FOURTHE BOURBON NEWS, PARIS, KY.FRfDAT, MARCH 18, 1M7.sM - ,..Hk:hI'tfl -FlVRl'i..!ii 5-- " ';j;i .PARIS BOWLING LEAGUE.With Douglas Thomas rolling 215aad 195 it was a comparatively easv'The basketball season forBOURBON CIRCUIT COURT.PARIS DEFEATS CARLISLEAND CLOSES SEASON.Upon the reconvening of Courtthe Tuesday cases on the CommonwealthTictory for the Fordham Hotel team!parjs High School "Invincibles" was docket were called for trial. In theto acmeve in the game with the Bour-, i)roUght to a close at the Y. M. C. A case of I. Rankin, charged with displaying and flourishing a deadlywasmade the nigii record of 215 pins In lisle High School in a contest for assessed against him. Thomas Ftie roll-off in the first game, and nonors. Brannon, of Lexington, formerly oftood second with 1P2 pins down in, st hv thnir .nrcvious defeat thcM Paris, pleaded guilty to the charge oftke third game. For the Laundry jf,.,rlslp ,rls hn(i hppn in trainine for shipping liquor into local option ter-team Jackson led for first place with the event of Monday nightf but all160. in the first game and followed for they couW witu the InvillcibieS"aetxxmu puuxi wiui iy in me iniru-llt'llltHllt'H-HMHiHtMitllllHtlt. .v-.v, .... ..v. &i.4.v, niiu mo uuui inrougnt to- a ciose at me x. m. u. ivboa Laundry team at the Fordham All gymiiasium Monday niglit, when the p:lejns last Thursday night. Thomas fast team met lhe team from the Car-pvoptrifcory in packages containing falsestatements on the outside wrapper.He was fined $200. Irving Hanna,RELIGIOUS.wnetors by a margin of eighty pins.score follows:FORDHAM HOTEL.1 2Jones 119 153Swrearengen 139 131Determan 140 156Kano 121 143Thomas 215 15S315712617417n192Totals 734 741BOURBON LAUNDRY.Jackson 160Burgin 140Templin. 144Sauten. 139Funk 130146134139156152FordhamBourbonHotel 2294Laundry 2214was to give them a little practice,wiifeii it ic v nvfrfpnt thpv didn't. "colored, of near Little Rock, wasThe need. But, having the Carlisle girl-, ""ed $300 on a charge of setting up'here they had to give them some and operating a crap game near Lit-Ikind of entertainment, which they "e kock. unaries morion, .coiorea,didby .proceeding to administer a who shot and killed a colored manvigorous drubbing. The result at th namea unanes jvuster, uu u i;uiuruend of the game stood 51 to 15 in camp meeting near Hutchison, aboutfavor of the Paris High School team, year ago, was given a sentence ofa R ,,nl thn Paris team "nlavedrines"? one year in me penuenuaryall around their opponents, and bySir, their superior team work again demjonstrated their right to the title ofo "Invincibles." Every member of the159 team did star work, and closed the154 season with a record of having never133 hp.im defeated, something few High152 School teams in the State can boast Lexington, mother of Sidney G. Clay.154 0 .has retained Col. John R. Allen, of. Tho iinMin of Hip Paris team was Lexington, to assist in the prosecu-as follows: Miss McCord, captaincenter; Misses Carrie and Lena Rose,The case of Lee Deaver for thekilling Sidney G. Clay,- was calledfor trial, and continued untilMarch 28, the fifteenth day of theterm. The first trial of the case resulted in a hung jury. It was saidWednesday that Mrs. Sidney Clay, ofFordain Hotel Majority 80 forwards; Misses Valette McCiintock(and Fannie Heller, guards; MissesThe highest individual score ever Elliott, Lytle and Harper, subsLmado in any one game in the bowling tutes.series between the teams composing! Three cheers, "a tiger," and a rightthe Paris Bowling League, was chalked hearty good-bye to the most graceful,up to the credit of Gilbert Lytle, of most dashing and best-playing girls'the Curtis Henry & Co. team, in the team that ever tossed a basket ball.eecond game between the CurtisHeury &. Co. and Fordham Hotel.teams, Tuesday night.Lvlle scored 223 in that came, and iwon the proud distinction of having Water COflSUfTierSfirst place in the ranks of local bowl jwhOSe bills from Jan-TO DELINQUENT WATERCONSUMERS.s1st rewill beMarchuary to Aprilmain unpaiddiscontinued1 st.PARIS WATER CO.(feb 27-tf)MRS PRICriARD PURCHASESCHAPPEL & ASHCRAFT FARMers. Lytle was followed by Henry.who threw 'em down the line to thetune of 202. Shankland bowled 1G9 inthe third game. Swearengen made thehighest score for the Hotel team, getting 190 in the third game, with Jonessecond with 17S.The same was lost by the Hotelteam by the narrow margin of only j1rvn v?r V4- iVrtf rovi strviilrlCIO CU JS1J13, UUt 11U.U tCU. Ill wuiu -stand against such scores as 223, 202 ; The farjll of 140 acres With improve196, etc.? But, as the old veteran said ments belonging to Messrs. Chappelof the battle of Blenheim. "It was a & Ascralt, of Paris, lying on thegreat victory." The game last night ciintonville pike, near Escondida, wasbetween the Laundry and R, P. Walsh sold at 1)UU;ic saie Wednesday byteams marked the close of the series Aucti0neer Chas. Vanhook.as scnouuieu u.ue score ol iuwua.o ,j Amni Fretwell Prichard, ofParis, was the .purchaser, paying ?U:per acre for the property, which ad3 joins thd farm she already owns. TI12103 land was formerly owned by the late195 Miss Naomi Cunningham, and was pur157 chased -recently by Messrs. Chappel &.irj Ashcraft. The sale was made to dis-157tion.The time of the Court Wednesdaywas taken ;ip with the considerationof cases on the equity docket, noneof them being of any great importance.The grand jury made their first report, returning seventeen indictmentsfor various infractions of the law.Yesterday's sesion of the Court wasa busy one, in a way, the hearing or.motions, demurrers and equity casestaking up the day's work. The grandjury made a final report, the indictments comprising charges of variouscharacters. Court adjourned until thismorning.Rev. Rice, of Nlcholasville, willpreach to the congregation of thePresbyterian church, at the courthouse Sunday at both services, at10:45 in the morning, and 'at 7:00 inthe evening. Sunday school at 9:30a. m.; Christian Endeavor at 6:30 p.m. The public is cordially invited tonttnti1 nil tVioco aorvlnptiUlWIl" i. i.ttwJV jw I'vuu, .The second quartery meeting fo?the conference year will be held atHutchison Chapel next Saturday nightand Sunday. Rev. C. F. Oney, ofLexington, will preach. Sundayschool at 10 a. m.Wolf, Wile & Co."ST. PATRICK'S DAYIN THEMORNING."Advance Spring StylesIn a Beautiful DisplayBOURBON COUNTY TOBACCOBRINGS A RECORD PRICE.The words of the old song and say-ii-.g,"St. Patrick's Day In the Morning," will be literally true, and veryapplicable to-morrow, when the natalday of the patron saint of old Irelandwill celebrate with appropriate ceremonies by all the loyal sons of the oldsod. Here in Paris the event will becelebrated with appropriate ceremonies by all the loyal sons of the oldsod. Here in Paris the event will uscelebrate in the usual way, by the"wearin o' the green," and services atthe Catholic church.B-4 riREInsure withW.O. HINTON &SON,AgtsGIRL BADLY BURNED.game follows:CURTIS HENRYj A nv record in the Lexington toIbacco market was made Monday when! linolrot rf lucre trvrni'ti liv A.Ti- AXTill' Cu. uu.011.1. ui lUfao b'u uj .111. T 11 u.Judy, of Bourbon county, brought thehigh price of $82. The entire cropwas grown on Mr. Judy's farm inBourbon county. It amounted to 1,325pounds, and brought an average priceof $33.02. The lowest price for anypart of it was $22. The tobacco wasgrown from a prize seed originated byMr. Judy.Mr. Judy is a well-known member ofthe tobacco trade, being both a produc-Faulkner . . ..Shankland .ICarperLytler& CO.1 :...142...164...146...156Henry 154158186170223202Totals 762 930i 1 1FORDHAM HOTEL.1Jones 136Swearengen 128Determan 164Kane 151Thonias 157126136164125161712solve the partnership, and to settle upthe business of the firm, Mr. WallaceChappel having died very recently.There was a large attendance at thesale, and the bidding was spirited. ;3 Farming implements, etc., brought jl'o verv eood orices. !er and buyer. For a number of year3he has made a close study of the pro-J home beingduction of fine tobacco, and his suecess is evident from the high prices Russell's home.his .tobacco brought at the Lexington rious.sales. The seed from which the cropwas raised has been called "Judy's ?rt w:nri aH liahrninr Jn-.., Truiu - ........-Miss Jessie Stone, aged sixteen,daughter of Mr. C. T. Stone, of nearParis, was badly burned about thebody and head Monday morning, arthe home of Miss Myrtle Russell, onCypress street.Miss Stone had been a visitor atthe home of Miss Russell since thesale held at the home of her father,on tlfe I. D. Thompson place, nearParis, Saturday. While standing infront of an open grate her nightdress caught fire, the flames severelyburning the young woman about theface, neck and shoulders before theburning clothing could be torn fronher body. Medical aid was summoned and the sufferer made as comfortable as possible.Mr. Stone had been making preparations to move to Fayette countyafter the sale held Saturday, and theclosed, Miss Stone hadbeen spending the interval at MissHer injuries are sePride," and is in great demand.LAST SALE OF SEASONAT TOBACCO HOUSES.! surance.liiuinaay nuuuiuiu . .j...190137153161'CASH TO RETURN.No sales vere held at the localj houses yesterday, and the last sales ofthe season will be held to-day whenThis store has suddenly turned from the sombre hueof winter to a bright garb of spring, the rays of its lightis reflected in every department by the display of brightspring goods that are arriving daily. Whatever you see inthis splendid assemblage is correct in style, in quality,and in price. Worthy of special mention are the newSPRING SUITSCOATS, SKIRTSandSPORT SUITSCharming in creation, correct in style and diversifiedin modeling are the three potent factors which commendto your favor. Ceaseless vigilance on our part has keptfrom this display all but the desirable garments whichwe knew would have been your own choice if you had selected them. Attractive prices prevail.Wolf, Wile Co.Lexington, Kentucky."HHHIH'IHIf l"M"l"M' 'l'f't'l'l"M"VMfM"l"t'l M"H-! I- i I 1 1 MLIGHTNING CAUSES SEVERALFIRES IN HARRISON COUNTY.Lightning struck a barn on WillTotals 736Curtis Henry Totals 2478Fordham Hotel Totals 2267the Bourbon expect to "clean up" thi,Toadvine's tarra near oddville, inAmong the (prisoners released from remainder of the marketable crop of Harrison county, setting it on fire andthe Frankfort Reformatory yesterday. Bourbon county tobacco. burning it to the ground. W. T. Reams819 their terms having expired, was Cash ' The season has been a remarkably 1 .. i;vjnr nv the nlace. and he lostTO " 1 rj.i s 41... frrf1 nun lintli crrnu'nro find cnllnr , t iurove, wuo was cuuviuteu 111 liii ov" - w. ... to... . m.u i4v. j m ne j,re ;l ga mare, a uuggy, 101Bourbon Circuit Court on a charge ofCurtis Henry Majority 11false swearing, and sentenced to oneyear in the Reformatory.PUBLIC AUCTIONO Fana me proceeds ot tne sales nave of fee(lt harness, etc. Another horseput in circulation a large amount of was rescuea, though, badly burned andmoney in the city and county. The perhaps permanently disabled. Somelocal houses have been at all times cows were taken out after they hadamply able to take care of the crop beeI1 sijghtiy burned. Mr. Toad vinoand have obtained some of the very also losL a mare that was in the barn.uest averages of any market 111 the , ftmp fppfi Rhlft- etf. The barn was inStates.Here'shoping next season maysured for $350.At Oolemansvillelightning struckSmall Farms In "Wildwood"McMurtry'sbut"Wildwood," formerly the New Fair Grounds, located on the Lexingtonpike, (South Main Street) has been platted into 10 small farms, and will beoffered at public auction, on the premises, onWEDNESDAY, APRIL 4, 191T,"beginning at 2:30 o'clock. "Wildwood" residents will have the advantage offive cent car fare to the city, being located on the interurban Hne, with convenient service every few minutes. City water piped to and on the grounds;electric lights and gas accessible, and a fine sulphur well is located about midway of the property.IDEAL LOCATIONS FOR HOMES.Every small farm in "Wildwood" is beautified with elegant maple andlocust shade trees and large forest trees making them ideal locations for residence with all the conveniences of the city and the advantages of country life,'with sufficient land in each farm for an elegant lawn, also a place to raise agarden, or farm in a small way, and room to raise chickens, kee;i a cow. etc.,and thus materia ly reducing the cost of living, and with city benefits at theame time escaping city taxes.The public iscordially invited to visit "Wildwood," stroll over the groundsand inspect them before the day of sale, and observe the beautiful and almost.perfect elevation, which is so necessary if you would ha've your home appear atit's best advantage. Plats of "Wildwood" small farms can now be seen at the !Peoples Deposit Bank & Trust Company. !RESTRICTIONS SAFEGUARD PURCHASERSRESTRICTIONS-Small farms in "Wildwood" will be sold witheasonab!erettrictions. thereby insuring purchasers of these home tracts- of suitablestructures, building lines, etc. The restrictions as to- the minimum cost ofhouses to be built on each small farm will be announced on the day .of sale. Asto the building line, no farm . owner will be permitted to build his dwelling,.nearer to the -front line of their property than one hundred and twenty-five feet.A clause will also be inserted in each deed prohibiting the transfer of any ofthe small farm tracts to colored people.It is the desire of the promoters of this beautiful country, place, "Wildwood," to make it most attractive and desirable to people who contemplate"making this desirable suburb their home in the future.TERMS OF SALE Small farms in "Wildwood" will beoffered under the following conditions: One-third cash, the balance in equalpayments, due in one and two years and bearing interest at the rate of six (6)-percent per annum, and a lien will be taken on the property conveyed ttfMcure the payment of said deferred notes with accrued interestBEAUTIFUL AND COSTLY FREE PRIZES.We will give away, absolutely free, on day of sale, a number of beautifulaal attractive prizes. Every person attending the .tale will have an equalchance to secure these substantial free gifts. Attend the sale and you may belcky in securing a portion of 'The Shower of Gold," or one of the valuableprizes.Watch The Kentuckian-Citizen for a list of the valuable prizes to be givenaway. The prizes will be on display and subject to inspection before dayffle.MR. COLLINS DECLINES.A GOOD MAN."prove equally as prosperous for. alljthe scho'ol house, destroyed the clockconcerned. , and th? stove and did some other"! 'damage, but did not set the buildingoiiapantinp nnncc rf son Are. A barn on W. R.'place at Robinson, was struck.An order from Dr. F. S. Muaselniani: did not burn.State Veterinarian, ordering premises I 'disinfected that have been infected byhog cholera, has been received hereby Dr. H. M. Hamilton, County LiveStock Inspector for Bourbon county.The order, which was recently adoptedat a meeting of the State Live StockSanitary Board1 for the counties ofBourbon, Bullitt and Nelson, reads a?follows:"Be It Further Ordered: That pren:ises which are known to be infectedI with hog cholera, be placed in closequarantine, and no swine shall be moved onto or from such premises untilall swine thereon are apparently freefrom disease, and the premises havebeen cleaned and disinfected arid released from quarantine in writing by aState or County Live Stock Inspector."Effective on and after Saturday,March 10. 1917."Ml If Mill! 1 HI MM I Ml I'M 111 IHI ! 1 1 I 1 I i I IIIp1p i3'Ipp'!Under the above caption Editor Hit-. .!... ne Vin 'ClQTfiirirralilirtrrUUl JJUlCy, VL L"3 iwuuiftuuu.n jTimes-Democrat, has the following re-garding Hon. Claude M. Thomas' candidacy for Representative from Bourbon county in the Legislature:"Claude M. Thomas has announcedas a candidate for the Democraticnomination for Representative in thecounty of Bourbon. Wd'e like todeaden over the line enough to saythat if we could have a Legislature ' Jcomposed of men like uiaucie Tnomas.the interests of Kentucky would be jfaithfully looked after. He is a man -.of ability and integrity and we hope 'he may have a walkover." 'VULCAN Er PLOWSMade by The Vulcan Plow Co., Evaasvnich.tXk.TRY THE Nl Mr 5VULCAN 3T la.WILDER, CAWOOD & GOREY,OWNERS OF "WILDWOOD.":Mr. John TCollins, of the NorthMiddletown precinct, in response to arecent published call requesting himto become a candidate for .Representative from Bourbon county at thenext session of the Legislature, declines the honor for private and business reasons. Mr. Collins is a busy-mon, one wnose varied interests keephim on the go all the time and he evideutly prefers a hustling business lifeto wearing political honors.SELLS SMALL FARM.Mr. James Chance, of this county,recently sold to Mr. J. H. Martin, tenacres of land, located on the Redmonpike, near Paris, for $450 per acre7'ossession wil: be given on March 1,1918. Mr. Martin recently sold hissmall small farm near Paris.Originality in art is sometimes applauded. But he that strives for origin&lity in morals plays a dangerousgame he will either Jte martyredfor a prophet or cast out-aa- av deril.Losing is gaining when you hold onto your grit; no door is so tightlylocked that your stick-to-it-iveness willnot jprove the pass-key that admitsyou,3FPromises Make FriendsPerformances Keep ThemLet us demonstrate to you ourability to make friends by thequality of our work.We will make your glasses accurately, promptly and at a priceas low as possible. Eyes examined without the use of drugs.We can duplicate any kind oflenses.FRYE & FRANKLIN- Doctors, of OptometryDow JM., opr. Windsor HotelWell Finished, Strong Durable, Light Draft.Rib Strengthened Mold, Full Chilled Shinpiece, InterlockedPoint, Land and Standard. Point has Face Chill, Wide EdgeChill, Long Snoot Chill, Patented Extension and is theSTRONGEST and MOST DURABLE Chilled Point made.Wkn buying Plow, consider Quality First, Price SecoadFOR SALE BYS. Ball GarageCor. Fourth and Pleasant St. .Agents Buick AutomobilesGoodyear.Our Vulcanizing Departmentis equipped with steam vulcanizer and run by an expert.1 VjSteam Heated GarageOPEN DAY AND NIGHT .&m&tttiHMilMlMMiilU&m!1tI!L--I -"'IFRIDAY, MARCH 16, 1917.THE BOURBON NEWS, PARIS, KY.PAGE IffivHOME TELEPHONE NOTES.1--1FOR THE BESTNOTHING ELSETOBACCO COTTONAll grades, at Harry Simon's(Lniar-tf)SOCIAL AND PERSONAL.Comings and Goings of OurPeople Here, There andElsewhere.Mr. Minor Corman, of Louisville.General Superintendent Central HomeTelephone & Telegraph Company, visited Paris this week.Mr. E. E. Lawson1, the cable expertMrs. J. v. Lytle, of Paris, is visit- is stationed at Carrolton and Ghent,ing friends and relatives in Mnvcviiio K"- this week.I Miss Alice Tebbs was a guest this Mr' w C Collins. formerly of Paris,week of her sister Mrs T inaoi. was nere Sunday on his way fromSmith. ' er Frankfort to'Maysville.J Mr. T. J. Wills, of Winchester is P111?1 Manager. J.a guest of relatives in Pri J3 Vi,! returned from Franl"BLUE RIBBON SEEDS.'relatives in Paris and theJ. Veatch, hasFrankfort. His com-county. pany was considerably damaged by. Mrs. K. N. Williams, of Cvnthiana the recent snow and sleet., . , .,, ., . ,s a guest of relatives in Parie nn 1 mT' u M rapier, ol the Pans pianr.The celebrated "Blue Ribbon Seeds," the cy r reiaLIVej Pans and department, is temporarily transferred8 papers for 10c, at Busy Bee Cash Miss Mary Emral has returned tn t0 FrankfortStore. (16-4tF) ,her home in Covington after flu Miss Fannie McClure, of the Shaw-. to Miss Loula Davis ' han exchange, is still at Carrolton.A POSTPONEMENT. Miss Elizabeth tipim,. w . M1SS Catherine Woods, recently o:turned for m"oo 1C- A ,,,.. T a mi t .- lturneui ror m a visit to Miss Newbv A-wlu r- A- Auumpsons mcu, nusThe "Silver Tea," which was to "enaker. in Cynthiana. rEf. u,ei08,uon as sienograpnerhave been given by the Young Ladies' . . J- THfe Young, of near Paris,Class of the Methodist church Satur- u?-11" h-rGr other Mrs- Anna.?o i,na hoon tr,i fii u M .Hawkins, in Lexington.WJ, ... wn. i.uKv.u umui liiu iui- Mr and lrg w 0 . . rurui suuscnuers anu tneir lines arlowing Saturday, March 27. returned from a" visit to friends in numbers are. bein& stiaightened tjut iLexington and CincinnatiSUNDAY DINNER SALE. j -Misses Julia and Mary McCarthyhave moved from Winchester street tnThe Hamilton Division of the Wo- a, cottage on Walker avenueman's Bible Class at North Middle-1 Dr. J. M. Wiiiim i-"w,i,.to District Manager J. J. Veatch.Manager W. H. Cannon reports quitea few changes in location among ourrural subscribers and their lines andastown will haveSunday dinner,day), afternoon, fromo'clock, at Trimble'sNorth Middletown.THE BOURBON NEWS job printingdepartment has jUst completed a veryneat and attractive airectory for theOwenton exchange, and the Cynthianadirectory is nearing completion bya sale of edibles for day for Hot Springs, Ark., where he THE BOURBON 'news, to-morrow. (Satur- will spend some time recuperating. mi7 MiiS? rii? TStwdruMiss Minnie Carr, the popular toll0 t0 f0Ur ot near R7icni?nii5 ?" and operator, has been elected secretary to!g store, in LL R("eJ "t-n T,t0 the "G00D WILL CLUB," composed I?, nro ' e e they wlU reslde m th0 ot Bourbon county employes of thelfutureTO OUR PATRONSOf our mrchant tailoring deuari- Wilmoth, in this citv.ment, we advise an early selection, a.s ; Mr. and Mrs. W. C. Powell. Mrs.being mutually advantageous to both. Ira Blake, Mr. and Mrs. John 6'Coiias we will be unable to duplicate any nell and. babe, of Paris, were guests ofbi our stock later, on account of the , relatives in Ewing tb week,foreign situation. I Mr. and Mrs. John T. Collins leftJ. W. DAVIS & CO.Mr H,vffIo r,i -, T . Home Telephone Company..burp Hnrric i- 7 Mr- R- p- Clendenin states that onSomiu w J sP?ndl"s l !c one day recently he sold for the North-'week-endwith her sister, Mrs, Carlie wt AT,,tni t .,- Tnoro,0 pnn," -M WW A AUUkUUI U11V lliJ U1U11VU wJW Whundred thousand dollarspany oneworth of life insurance over lines ofthe Home Telephone Company.OWN YOUR OWN HOMEFARM RENTED.Wednesday for Hot Springs, Ark., for If you. ever expect to own a homea ten-days' stay. From there they will you can call your own now is thego to New Orleans to remain several time to figure on buying iL On Wed-juays. nesday, April 4, the beautiful "Wild-rented his I Mrs. Chester Brown, of Berry, wood" addition to Paris will be offer-pike, near wh-o has been visiting her mother, ed for sale at auction. This idealMr. A. J. Austin hasfarm on the LexingtonHutchison, which was formerly owned Mrs- Lenimons, in Covington, has ar- tract of land is the New Fair Groundsbj Messrs. -V. and E. Smedley, to Mr. ll,; i, ! , nusoana, property cut up into ten small farms,m, u puaiuim iieie. of suburban me sites. This is theMrs. Hume Clay, of Winchester. in0st desirable property ever offeredwho has been a guest of relatives in t0 the public of Paris Practically inia.no wimic icuupeiuiuiB lioiii a severeillness, returned t her home Wednesday, greatly improved.1. B. Brown, of Lexington, and hasmoved to the lesidence he recently purchased in Lexington.SELLS RESIDENCE.town without city taxes to pay. Allthe town conveniences. Accessible tonatural gas, water, electric lights andA In fcrrk A 1 nrm f ?r rP Dn t!n twAw1..Mr. W. L. Ritchie, of near Parif.L.,.. ' f .. , f ' .' the street car at the door. Read over, , iiiciuuiug many ironi uie scnoois, willsold Wednesday through the C. T. R0 Lexiu&ton next Monday' andEals agency, of Cynthiana, his resi Tuesday, to witness the production otdence and two acres of ground near 'Everywomau,' at the LexingtonLair, to Mrs. Fannie Dunn, of New Opera House.York, for $1,200. Mrs. Dunn will oc- Dr. Elmer Tackett. of Detroit,cupy the residence as a summer home. Michigan, has arrived for a visit tospending her winters in Florida.SPECIAL IN ORANGESAND GRAPEFRUITS.For to-day and to-morrow we willhis parents, Mr. and Mrs. Charles D.Tackett, in this city. Dr. Tackett is asuccessful optometrist, with a largepractice in Detroit.Dr. Martha Petree has returnedfiom Kirks ville. Mo., where she wentthe advertising matter that is furnished by the owners. Descriptive advertisement in another column of to-day'sissue of THE BOURBON NEWS.WILDER, CAYWOOD & GOREY.(16-lt)WILMOTH GROCERY CO.TO ADD BAKERY.make a specfal price on California with two patients, her sister. Miss,0 at Ti nanu npr dnzpn. Fine Margaret Petree, and Mrs. T. AAn up-to-date bakery, equipped witnall the lata-Jt improved machinery formanufacturing the "staff of life" intogood wholesome bread, will be addedgrape fruit at 5 and 10 cents apiecePadgett, both of Paris, to the Osteo- to the business of the Wihuoth Grom, ...,,.,- Uo,..mf.ia nn,l nro P-n.-w! !"" nuapuui, iui UMiiueui1 11C9C V1 Idle uai(,iunu u.u . cjwwo-only for to-day and to-morrow.(It) MATIGOLEN.eery Co. in the near futuie. Plans,- w -r, ... , ... are being prepared for the necessary.Mly- B' !len' "W? a 4ient addiUon to the building th:-y occupy.ai um iuutbiu lueuiuiiui xiuapiuui, inEASTER SUNDAY.(this city, following a recent operation whfch' wl,eu completed will be occu;tor gall stones, is steadily improving Pied as a bakery. The bakery departIn response to a number of inquiriesvhich will be good news to the manv ment will be in charge ot a competeirDiends of this estimable gentleman man, and will be a valuable additionMiss Katherine Cochran, of Lex-to the Wilmoth Co.'s store.i mTTn V'CMXrc? o 4- nlinf i1qvmauo ol irxo xvo Aa . -y ington, was in Paris yesterday interEaster corner on this year, the relig- esting our cjtizens in lhe coraing eniaus editor of THE NEWS has consult- acenient ot- Alma cluck, who is tocd a number -ot high authorities and appear at the Woodland Auditorium, ivTOBACCO SEASON SLOW.Very few tobacco beds have beenfinds that Easter Sunday will fall this Lexington, on Tuesday evening. March sown in Bourbon county as yet. avAar on Sundav. April 8. The Pans 27thpirls are already making their prep- Forsvth Mrsarauullb, aim suuic ui ui u..v... c ,.h M w.tn r.xann nml Mrsrtyles have been noted on the streets Russi pieSt of near Cynthiana, were" here this week to see Mr. James ForBELTED BACK SUITS hvthe. who was recently operated onfarming operations have been rather Jbackward, on account of weather con-'E1Ii' ditidns, but prospects are that then;will be an unusually large acreage of,tobacco in the county this year. Mer-tchants report sales ot tobacco cotton tat the Massie Memorial Hospital, in ver' brisk.models at $15 to $30.J. W. DAVIS & CO.'For the young men are jpopular ior this city.Spring wear. We're showing a very; memhers Gf the Mission Cir-complete line of Uiese styles in man Qf Chrigtian church heW anall-day sewing Tuesday with Mrs.Woodford Daniel and Miss Elizabeth'Jasper. Twenty young women spentPRE-OPEN1NG SPECIALS IN the day making a grdauation outfit forHIGH-CLASS MILLINERY, a young woman lor wnom tne MissionCircle had a scholarship in the schoolA momentous saving event for wo-(at Morehead.men and misses, who are looking Ion Miss Maude Parrish was the genialstyle and quality, at a low price. : hostess to the Crochet Club at her(16-2t) HARRY SIMON. home in Cliutonville recently. Afterenjoving a social hour, luncheon was'served. Miss Parrish's guests for thTO SPEAK ON TAX QUESTION 'afternoon were Mrs. W. W. Haley, Mrs.AT MT. STERLING, MONDAY Geo. W. Dawson, Mrs. Letcher Weath-' ers, Mrs. J. T. Estes, Mrs. Kelly Haley.om Tf cri?n,r i1voeate says: Mrs. Fred Estes, Mrs. Samuel CrawThe ML Sterlinfc ays; ford, Mrs. R. s. Darnaby, Mrs. Claude"Hon. James H. Thompson ot Eour Weatnerf Mrs Varden ShpPi Mrs Rbon county, considered one of the oesL H Ellettf Mrs. James McDonald,posted men on the tax question that Misses pink:e Morrow, Mary and Rois now up before the Legislature, will jert Gorman,address the people of this county . (Other Personals on Page 5)Mondav afternoon at 1:15 at thecourt Luse and we urge all people J . JARDINIRE SPECIAL.interested in this great question, es-1pecially Uie farmers, to let nouuug i ror oam.ua w;. i - -oto near ui uuun.Bi t VH0JflC il--H-L--liiIIl.1" v JrHi(it)RACKET STORE.WOMAN'S SOCIETY MEETS.nparonf their comingeentleman. The bill as submitted by Ithe Tax Commission if passed willwork great hardship on the farmers."wp CORDIALLY INVITE YOU The regular bi-monthly meeting ofWE CORDIALLY ,e Woman. society of the Christian' To attend our Soring Opening and church was held in the cliurch parlorsdisDlav of women's and misses'. Coats. Tuesday afternoon at three o clock"Sta DresL- Gowns, .Lingerie. There was a good attendance, and aW-isis Millinery, Gloves and accessor- special musical program was 'rendered.rff,Wfess Tuesday, Wednesday -and The principal business of meeting- wasIBS OI UreSS.ylUeMld-y, -" ifi f nracSHont whfnh rt.- j.. xf-v. on 91 ana ZZ. te wcvuun wt . v..- , --'iniirHi mv. niaiuu. vMusic from 2 p. m. to 5 p. m.(16-2t) HARRY SIMON.THINGS TO WORRY ABOUT.suited In the choice of Mrs. Custis(Talbott Mrs. Frank P. Lowry.' whohas been in tne omce ot presiuem iorthe past two years, declined re-election. The other officers were electedat a previous meeting.DEED RECORDED IN FRANKLIN.Among the deeds lodged for recordTo-day, if the old weather sropheLsand superstition spreaders be right,the reign of King Groundhog will... s. i anH his six-weeks'come lu au. cm, ..- . l. ffi nP v. noiintv Plprk- nfcurse ot bad weather outfit , "-"l .v?' lejfTS Sre" ir Bu-Urom Mr. Wttl of Pari,who is now in Florida, through his attorney Mr. Wade H. Whitley, ofParis" to J. D. Philips, of Franklin. i- it.:-.. n-., .!,, i nr Paris will eladly pray county, to a tract ol iuuy 'P ixthe people of Paris "i Siaaiy ii Versailles pike.s i,o. -.T-ijtii nf mankind. Becut; -c "'i" - . .persUUon or something else, there hasbeen six weeks' siege of the worstkind of weather for this section, andA PictureOpportunityCan never catch you offyour guard if you have aVest PocketAutographicKodakThis efficient little instrument can be your inseparable companion.Vest Pocket Autographic Kodak . . $6.00Belt Cast for same 1.50FRANK & COMPANYTHE RELIABLE STOREoAnnounce., They Are Now Showing ThehSeason's Best StylesINSUITS COATS WAISTSDRESSES SWEATERS SKIRTSNEWEST ,Silks, Dress Goods,Wash Goods of All KindsTrimmings To MatchALL ARE REASONABLY PRICEDWe Cordially Invite Your InspectioniPictorial Review Patterns'. t T L.AC ijK; u 9I FRANK & COMPANYs!-'-aaaaaaaaMMaaaaaMaMMai :!FIFTEEN DAYS MOREOF THEBIG CASH SALEWe have tried in every way lo emphasize theWonderful ValuesandGoods of Qualityyou are able to receive during this Sale, andnow we wjsh to be just as emphatic in stating that you can do better HERE than ELSEWHERE. All we ask is that you come andsee for yourself, as has a host of others.THEJ.T.HINT0NC0.MOTOR HEARSEMOTOR INVALID COACHUNDERTAKING"EITHERPHONE" 36SIXTH AND MAIN!sjjLTsarjr the-M,deraoon beDaugherty Biros."-Tfeffect onth3' weather next um: & t-i- VKX.-LTHE BOURBON NEWS, PARIS, KY.FRIDAY, MARCH 16, 1J17.WttifPUTS NEW LIFEINTO HIS WORKFir Dealer Tells How TanlacBrought Back Ambition.UWT TIRF UIM OUT NRUfimll I liriL nim UUI nunJ. M. Phillips, a fur dealer, widelyknown around Monticello, Ky., wherehe has lived for years, can't saylough for TanlacHe says he's a living example of"What Tanlac will do for a. man."Before taking Tanlac," Mr. Phillips said, "I was so run down in healththat I couldn't do my work a? itshould have been done. That tireddroopy feeling stayed with me allday long and I didn't have a bit ofambition. I had headaches nearly allthe time. They made life miserableand work hard for me. They keptme awake at nights. 1 lost my appetite. "Most any kind of food, even eggswade me feel bad, because 1 couldn'tdigest what little 1 did eat. 1 gotso weak it was all I could do to standu my feet. I lost a lot of weight."Then a friend told me about Tanlac. It did the work. Since takingit, I have got my appetite back, andcan eat anything I want. I havegained in weight and am not nervous.I sleep fine nights. I owe all this toTanlac and urge others to try it ifthey feel all-in, run-down and justkalf-sick."If you don't feel right get Tanlactoday. Delay in health matters adangerous.Tanlac. the master medicine andreconstructive tonic, is sold exclusively in PARIS by Varden & Son.Other exclusive agents in nearbytowns are as follows:HUTCHISON, Snell & Wood; MILLHRSBURG. W. G. Wadell; ELIZABHTH. Oscar Smith; CARLISLETrueman & Son; GEORGETOW. ., C.1L Arnold; WINCHESTER, Duty DrugCompany; AUSTERLITZ, B. S. Parrfah. (adv.;INTERNED GERMAN SHIPSSUBJECTED TO SEARCH.PHILADELPHIA. March 15. Uponorders from Washington secret serYice men Monday boarded the internedGerman raiders Prinz Eitel Frederickand Kronprinz Wilhelm to search forexplosives. It is alleged that largequantities of explosives have beensmuggled aboard the liners at theirpiers at the Philadelphia Navy Yard.It Is charged that the explosives wereintended to be used to blow up theavy yard.Formal request for Uie removalfrom the League Island navy yard ofthe interned German commerce raiders Prinz Eitel Fredrich and KronprinzWilhelm. of the 700 men composingtheir crews, was made personally toSecretary Daniels, Monday, by Mayoramitii. of Philadelphia, on the groundthat they constitute a menace to thesafety of the city.The Mayor was told that transfer ofthe German crews already was underconsideration and that a suitable placefor theni was being sought. He alsovras assured that every precaution wasbeing taken by Uie authorities to guardagainst the possibility of any disturbance by the German sailors, andthat they were under constant surreliance by the navy yard authorities.' Just v.'hen the feeling between theUnited States and Spain is becomingaltogether satisfactory Jack John hato drop in on Alfonso.ttVTTlki E" P ' 1 1 1 TT "----'-"- ' "Professional Cards.Sourbon BuiSdlrt StLoan AssocjaiiorsFIRST NAT'L BANK BUILDINGIN REAR OF BANKEntrance on Fourth StreetDR. WM. KENNEYEye, Ear, Nose and Throat.ROOMS 403-404.FIRST NAT'L BANK BUILDING.PHONE 136.WJVS, GRAFNNANAttorney-at-LawROOMS 401-402.FIRST NAT'L BANK BUILDINGEWMHJ JLHUil J Will Wff tum I ! ! Till iWTWIWI" Mil HI I TilWmiJEBlYou to iei our Free Qalalo?-of Fi-uil and Shade Trees, GrapeVines, Shrubs. Roses, Khubarb,Asparajrus. Strawberries, SeedPotatoer, Darius, Etc.Everything for the Orchard,Lawn and Garden.No jagents.(feb lG-lm)- TmwIi. HillprjrRAirvrKAncMf-- LEXINGTON, KY. 1917MATRIMONIAL.T 4 Tn St k T-XTTTUiV;li Va-LJUIMN.The marriage of Mr. M. S. Caddenwell-known Lexington newspaper mannow editor of the Estill Tribune, pub.lished at Irvine, and Miss Mary Lane,or ivranKiort, lias ueen announceu. rnewedding was the culmination of a ro-i'mance which had its inception lastJanuary, wnen air. uauaen was a mem-berof the rePortorial staff of the Lex-ineton Herald and was in Frankfort.where he was working on a "story" foru --aiis paper. The wedding took plac?more than two weeks ago, the cere-mony being rerformed in Lexington;by Rev. I. J. Spencer. The bride accompanied her sister, Mrs. T. L. Jones,'of Versailles, to Lexington, in FebruJary, ostensibly on a shopping tour andby previous arrangement, met Mr..uaauen lor me marriage ceremony1U n.,1 ACn o 1 .1 en lnff vopt onl o l .I Mr. and Mrs. Cadden left yesterdayfor Irvine, where they will reside i"'DoUgias Thomas. Sr., the cottage inthe futureJ. MUrMttUE. aWCCMCI IU"EMPIRE" IN PENNSYLVANIA,' Mr. J. Monroe Sweeney, of Paris.'who has been a student at BethanvCollege, at Bethany. West Virginia,has signed a contract to officiate asumpire in the Pennsylvania LeagueMr. Sweeney will go on duty at WearEver Park, for the Aluminum Clubat New Kensington, on May 12. whenthe season spells. A recent issue ofthe Pittspurg Daily Gazette-Timessays regarding the deal for Sweeney'sservices:"It loks as though the veteran''Frank Morgan, has quit the game.,fnv in Aimnfn, filiih at New Ken-1sington has engaged J. Monroe Swei-;tip.v. manairer of the Bethanv Collegeeteam, to work the games at Wear-' 'Ever Park. Secertary Roger Newcomb came to an understanding withSweeney the other day. Sweeney'worked two successive years in the'Ohio State and Blue Grass Leagues,'and handled the home games at Beth-any last year. His work was praisedby all visiting teams."L)r. Chas. uaugnerty nas itceiveu aletter from Mr. Chas. Applegate, otNewport, who managed the Paris teamin the last days of the Ohio League'flast.. .dative to placing a team here'Mr. Applegate stated that as soon a&1 , b . . .the weather gets warmer he is comingto Paris to see what can be done. Hesaid further that it seemed to be the1 general plan to organize a league te!play Sunday ball only, but that severalof the Central Kentucky towns wanted'a game every day. Mr. Applegate wasnf tho oninion thit a L-ood nivimr clubof the opinion that a ,ood Img clubcould be established here, but was, reeling ins way oy stating tnat ne was, It was made clear at tllis departwilling to take hold of the project ir mQnt that this communication is in nohe could get assistance. He wanted wise intended for Berlin and that theto know if an independent team play ' Swiss Legation is not expected to coming Sunday ball would pay here, and municate it to the Kaiser's governasked if Paris could be depended on ment.to back up the venture.FORMER PARIS PITCHERIN THE BIG LEAGUE,! The workof a former pitcher in ther the old Blue GrassParis club ofLeague, Ed. Monroe, will be watchedthis season witn a great ueai ol inter-est by his friends here. Monroe, whois said to be the longest pitcjher in theSouthern League, was dratted this season bv the New York Nationals.rv ,-c .ontivino vMrB ,,1,1weighs 200 pounds, and stands 6 leet.4 inches in his sock feet. He is aright bander, who made a good recordwhile with the Paris team.SHORTHORN BREEDERS TOHOLD MEETING rARCH 22 ,, Shorthorn breeders of fie BlueGrass region. ho have lewnlly be-. 4 4 , . ., ,. ecome interested in the organization o"a breeders' association, have deciddlto hold a meeting "or the purpose ofdiscussing such an org:ani.atIon as ex-ists in other States. The men whoare endeavoring to bring the uiovp-ment liefore th public are Mr. LuthfrRice, of Paris- May Goff. o Nort.iMidJlPtmin- w. II. GnrntM. of Win '!dhter: C. If. Powyer and Horace Gay. iiof Woodford county, and Sudduth prooauij yei more man one biice.Dros.. of Winchester. ' Man fflav imnrfne 1fmgelr (.apabk.A iroetmg has lv-n ca.ll for May of I)erforinillg any iigilt taak imtil h-2 at Lexington, wheu the plans for trie3 for tie fir?t time to put a pair of.perfecting the .ssocialiou w.il be dis- mittens on a baby.cussed and considered. Th- meetingjWlll ho held m the Sec irity Tru- DEAM'i-S CANNOT BE CUREDPuildiug at Lexington. A number of , ,.Bourbo., countv m-n-wh : are 'inter- p' ' 'V 'PPiications. as ey cannot", . , . , . .. ... !.' t'ie diseased portion ot the earested m the levival ol Uie horJhon. , 4fe fJ gllv one wav to oupe deJtf.industry have signing! th?n intentio- 1ess an(1 that is by constitutionalof attending the meeting and to do all remedies. Deafness is caused by anin their power to promote the objects , inflamed condition of tli mucous linof the projosed Ass'ciaLion. ing of .the Eustachian Tube. Whonp , this tube is inflamed you have aIf you can trust tiie report of a re- rumbling sound or imperfect hearing..ONtt aaalvsis, three dollars worth of 9ml when it is entirely closed, deaf-' grease and tno dillurs worth of V- "pss is Uie result, and unless the intnirinff material mav be obtained from fiamination can be taken out an 1 thuone ton of citv garbage. tube restored to its iwr.nal condition.heariii:: will be destroyed toro'ti",RANK FOOLISHNESS. n'r,p c? rs oul of ten are cauJd h('jt-.rral' hich is nothing' but an inj You occasionally sec it stated tha tilamel Londllion or the mucous sarcoids do not rsuit from cold leather faco",This i wi!k 'ooiishnoss. Were it We will give One Hundred Dollars(true colds would la as prevalent in for urv case of Doafness (caused b'midsummer aa in midwinter. The caUinni thnt cannoi be. cured b..microbe Uinf causes colds nourishes Hall's Catarrh Cum. Send for circuin damn, cold woathar. To get rid la rs, free..rf a cold lake Chamberlain's CougM j F- J- CHENEY & CO .Homed y U is eTectual and is high'.v4 Toleda, Ohio,recommended by people who have ' Sold by Druggists, 75c..used it for many -years as occasion re j Take Hall's Family Pills for consti, ( uired, and know its Veal vaiue. O: pation. ' " l (adv-mar)'tamable everywhere. L ::Aooopt a favor and youpvilUgener- jally nnd that it is merely -loaned outat- interest,REAL ESTATE DEALSAND LAND SALES.Mr. A. D. Leach, of Bourbon county.ieecntly purchased from the Hagganestate a tract of land lying: on the iTavincrfnn o rwl P.vntlitnnn niUo inthis countv. containing 142.46 acresn,jinincr hjs farm at a mice not'ao nnhlir The land also adioinstjie tne farm 0f Mr. u. p. Headley, inpayette county.AT rvi, Qmitii nr hi rmmtvlias Aurciiagecl a farm of ninety-threeacres jn Spencer county, near Taylors-ville to which he will move as'so-on,' .,, i..- - inc nc r lKnnPK fii nix mHiua. eii;.. ncicM Smitjll rGcentlv sold his farm onasthe Ruddles Mills pike, to Mr. Sloan,- AT,,,.nm mintvmf ATnpi.Tffm rmintvMr charles c pisher of this countyhased through the Paris RealtyMr Tnos c Mynes' farm located"the 'mn vke' eav Centerville, con-j m,, acres at ?103 per acre.. . ' ... , DOSSession Qf thew weekrParis Realty Oo. sold to MrTheDouglas Thomas, sr., uie couage mEast Paris lately occupied by Mr. O.TcZtl Jr.. at a private price. Mr.'-T tm. , -ni ,-0 t thi.uuu .ma. xiiw...o -'nlr.r.nMr j 0scar Hedges, of Bourboncountv. who recently sold his farm in... ntv fn All. niifton Dalzell. hasrahase(1' a Bectioll 0f well-improvedf" ? . .. N,rthea8tern Dart o Miss-,.g near West Point and will getl STERL1NG KY March 15.-iBkm aboul April l. The farm is 'olQcaM m the famous Black Prarle Jc of'heart trouble in the armsIand Bqu an(, 1S con&idered to beof Sheriff F. Howell, of this countyMme Qf the choicest lami i that sec- who was in the act of searching himUon of the gtate ;um in the South (for a missing ring Monday on theb.ies w(jre botlh )oth matle b ( Donaldson pike. Miss Margaret,..nr,i u n.-irs of Lexineton 1 Frost, local community nurse, lost a,Ml bchwird " uars 0L exmSlou- jliandb0g containing the ring, and ac-UNCLE SAM WARNSHE WILL ARM SHIPS.wAcuivr.Tnv Mnmii ici..a nonni-jniont' Mnnrinv pnt' tn au.. vAonni.vf uwwi -. x , ,froi nmiuicQiP nnil lPfrntinnici.,in innnitfmmit i nni o caiir rn onOiaiC lyclll uncut, .ti-jimu, , JV.UV w ..Mm frwaxtrri nnill'ICCIPC 'ITlfl lppfntirmtS. .uintrin norni nntinraKnn nfito Kentucky on foot from Indiana,lhis government's determination toplace arms and armed guards on ailAmerican ships leaving these shoresfor the submarine zone.The announcement came immedi-tlL a"cl Jtr b . .7.red with President Wilson atthe.White House and was as follows:The DeDartment of State has to iday sent the following statement to allforeign missions in Washington fortheir information:"'In view of the announcement ofthe Imperial German Government orJanuary 31. 1917. that all ships thoseof neutrals included, met within certan zQnes of the Mgh geas wouW bfsunk wiUl0Ut .precautions taken forthe safety of the persons on board andwithout the exercise of visit andsearch, the government of the UnitedStates has determined to place uponall American merchant vessels sailingthrough the barred areas an armed Jd fQr tection of the vesselsf d h u f persons on board; ,it was aiso learneu at uie ouiiu ucpartment that the United States holds'jthat the presence of national gunners'on the American merchantmen will no1change the status of those ships, asthis country has never accepted theassertion of German that naval menn Bntl merchantmen rendered ,liiiem auxiliary wiubiiipb.Guns and gunners will be placed onmunitions shi,ps as well as other boats. Jit was declared, and the navy men willbe responsible directly to the govern-,nient and not to the Captains of tho ,ships to which they are assigned.Whether commissioned officers ar.used is entirely up to 'the Navy Dcpartment. it was said. The position ofthe President and the State Department now is that it Germany wishesto avoid armed conflict with the United States the only nay is to spare iAmerican ships, and that sho will dothis no one clo&e to Uie administration jbelievos. iPreliminary steps wero taken by theNavy Department Monday toward contiactnig lor tihe quick construction ol"rJ-V,,, , m. n i1ifri1.qnwi -nastp.ltrol boats of a nett tV)e for scout.ijlg aJraiIlst submarines. At a conferonce in which a score of builders werelepresented assurances were giventhat deliveries could be begun withinfour monthsThc-e is a bumper apple cro thisJ ear. and the man who likes pie will j' f Pondering on Mexican ancestry ouccan always get up kindly feelings bynosing' into the pages Nof "Don QuiS-ote.'rUSE "CASCARETS" FORLIVER AND BOWELS iWHEN CONSTIPATED,When Bilious, Headachy, Sick, Fo;Soup Stomach, Bad BreathBad Colds.Get a 10-cent boxTake a Cascaret to-night to cleanseyour liver, stomach and bowels, andvou wm surelv teel great oy morning,You men and women who have head-ache, coated tongue, a bad cold, are'mnous, nervous, upset, nouiereu wh.ila sick, gassy, disordered stomach, oiilmvp. haekaehe and feel all worn out... .Are you keeping your bowels cleanwith Cascarets or merely forcing apassageway every few days with salts.cathartic pills -or castor oil?Cascarets immediately cleanse andregulate the Btomach, remove the sourundigested and fermenting food andfoul gases; take the excess bile fromthe liver and carry off the constipatedi waste matter and poison from the bow-,ielsRemember, a Cascaret to-night will. " , a -m Istraighten you out by morning. A 10-1cent box from your druggist means,healtihy bowel action; a clear neau aim,, ... m(!lo rr.'f fnrtrpfcheerfulness for months.the children(adv)ACCUSATION OF THEFT nCATUCAUSES MAN'S DEATH.'companieu ujr ouB.m iiu. ...j 8ear?nfnw,iere Million had leit it after find ngt on the road. The ring, howeverTh-.vas found on Million's person. Milion was accompanied by his wife andfive children and they were returningwhere the family had been living forsome timeCorrect EnglishHOW TO USE IT.A MONTHLY MAGAZINE,Josephine Turck Baker, Editor.For Progressive Men and Women,Business and Professional; Club Women, Teachers. Students, Ministers,Doctors, Lawyers, Stenographers, andlor all who wish to Speak and WriteCorrect English Special FeatureMonth; Your Every-Day Vocabulary,How to Enlarge it. Sample Copy 10c.Subscription Price ?2 a Year.EVANSTON, ILLINOIS.KENTUCKY TRACTION& TERMNAL COMPANYInterurban Schedule.CARS LEAVEParisforLexingtonLexingtontorraris iG:00 a. in. I7:20 a. in..S:00 a. m.S:50 a. ni. '10:20 a. m. !11:50 a. m.1:20 p. m.2:50 p. in.,:i:30 p. m.4:20 p. m. '5:00 p. m. j6:00 p. m. '7:20 p. m.9:10 p. m.11:00 p. m6:45 a7:30 ia. m.a. m.8:15 a. m.9:00 a. m9;45 a. m.11:15 a. m.12 : o p. m.i.ia i. in.3:45 p. m.4: HO p. m.5:15 p m.C-:05 p. m.6:50 p. m.8:15 p. m.10:05 p. m.CITY CARS ONLY.Lve. Court Houseam7.15 amS.15 amS.45 am9.15 am9.45 am10.15 am10.45 am11.15 am11.40 am12.00 ni12.45 pm41.15 pm45 pm' 2.15 pm2.15 pmP..15 pm'.Ao pm4.15 pm5.15 pm4.45 pmLve. Station 5-7.15 amS.00'2mS.30 am9.00 am9.30 am10.00 am10.30 am11.00 am11.30 am11.50 am32.15 pm1.00 pm1.30 n2.00 pm2.30 pm3'.00 pm3.30 pm4 00 pm4.30 pm5.00 pm5.00 pmmmutmraoiaawTrcoroc gfUCTtaummu- KviefcmMasrMEaiG ilMl P.VKRound-trip Winter Touii&t TickL-wSon sale daily Oct. 1, 191U, until April30, 1917, with final return limit Aia31, 1917, to all principal tourist poinraiin Alabama, Florida, Georgia, Louisi-jana, Mississippi, N.ew Mexico, NorttiCarolina, South Carolina, Texas andHavana, Cuba, allowing liberal stop-)over privileges on both going aid return trip. Also low round-trip Home ,seekers Tickets on sale first and third jTuesdays of each month to points in 1Alabama, Florida, Louisiana andMississippi, with final return limit'twenty-one days from date of sale.For. further information, call on or ad-dressW. V. SHAW, Agent,or J. K. SMITH, T. A J1 BUhOWSafest Druggists Sell E-RU-SA Pile CureBECAUSE it contains no opiates, no lead, no mercury, no Belladonna, no poisonous drug. All other pile medicines containing theabove named harmful drugs cause piles, and the sale of same isillegal. E-RU-SA cures piles, or 50 forfeited. For sale by3. S. VARDEIN & SON (The Rexall Store:and ARDERY DRUG CO.(jan30-6t-T)Cwin Bros Department StoreSeventh and main St$.TobaccoAll Grades at LowestPrices.I Twin Bros,-Tlie Climate is Delightful on tte Beautiful MississippiGULF COASTDURING MARCH AND APRILEnjou the Lalnuj air and sunshine in this enchantingland of flowers. Play golf or tennis, motor, fish, sail ojrow. Low round trip fares, and convenient train serviceTiclceb io Now Orleans and Guli Coast points via Louisville& Nashville R. R., permit side trip to Pensacola at slight cost.For illustrated literature, schedules, etc, apply to localrepresentatives of the Louisville & Nashville R. R. or addressR. D. Puseij, General Passenger Agent, Louisville, Kij.L. & N. TIME TABLEt Etfecthe Sunday, May 28, 191G, 12.01)TRNo.13-i'34251011401737123329913S3S193.91432HI130AINS FROM ARRIVALLexington, daily except Suudoy 5:18 mAtlanta, daily , 5:25 amCynthiana, daily except Sunday....- 7:35 amRowland, daily except Sunday ; 7:36 nMaysvllle daily excerpt Sunday - 7:3S amLexington daily except Sunday ,. , ...7:40 amMaysville, daily except Sunday $ : 50 amCincinnati, O., daily '.... 9:32 amLexington, daily .. 10:12 amChicago, daily 10:17 amLexington, Daily Except Sunday... 12:00 mCynthiana. Daily Except Sunday 2:55 pmMaysville, Daily Except Sunday 3:00 pinLexington, Daily 3:12 pmKnoxille, Tenn., Daily - 3:15 pmMaysville, Daily 5:40 pmCincinnati, Daily i Except Sunday 5:50 pmLexington, Daily Except Sunday 6:18 pmJacksonville. Fla., Daily 0:33 pmCincinnati, O., Daily 1b:3S puiLexington Daiiy 1j:23 p inTRAINS FOR LEAVENo.16 Maysville,. Daily except Sunday ...... . 5:30 am34 Cincinnati, waily 5:30 am40 Cincinnati, daily except Sunda v 7:45 am11 Lexington, daiiy except Sunday 7:47 am10 Maysville, daily except Sunday .- 7:4S am25 Lexington, daily except Sunday - i:55 am37 Knoxville, daily 9:57 am133 Lexington, daily 10:20 am33 Jacksonville, daily t. v 10:22 cimIS Maysville, daily - ......s.. .,. . 12: 04 pro26 Cynthiana, daily except Sunday V. .r.T. . r. .-. . . .13:05 ph;13 Lexington, daily except Sunday . 3:17 pn35 Cincinnati, daily 3: JO pm39 Lexington, daily except Sunday . 5:57 pm9 Rowland, Daily except "nnday $:V0 pci14 Maysville, daily excep Sunday mm :33 jm32 Chicago, daily 6:38 in30 Cynthiana, daily xc ot Sunday ,. et i:48 iwu139 Lexington, Sunday only .....,..: $:z pm113 Maysville, Sunday only t3 pm119 Rowland. Sunday only v al0pn129 Lexington, Dtily t:S5 p m!:f dfe lj- niei-'jpions-Es-O. TRAINS AR1IVP -ROM2 Frankfort- Ky., Daily Ex. Sunday4 Frankfort, Ky., Daily Ex. SundayTRAINS DEPART FORJL Frankfort. Ky., Daily Ex. Sunday,. jSFrankfort, Ky Dally Ex- Sunda:- v..-Pari$ KentuckyCottonOep't Store!or7:38 a. ra5:50 p. at.i25,. m.6-25 p"3.yjtIDAY, MARCH 15, 1917.THE BOURBON NEWS, PARIS, KY.PAGE SEVlKy.I'Shake Off That GripWhen Spring cemes, with its changeable weatherand your exposure, it is best to clear away all thesymptoms left after an attack of grip. That evildisease leaves you weakened, and when its victimattempts to "do his bit" he exposes himself to the risk of a secondattack, for which he is less prepared, and which may have graverconsequences.Tliere's DangerApril and May are pneumonia monthsDelayin this time a weak-u - -ronrrt" roeief -lf--i TTy-v .-!...,. w ,-,w ...... ..utjiv t. wnuui igciOL lllClll. JL KJl lilyme neann, it-move tne catarrh, and improve the digestion.For Quick OITOl T1VT ARelief Ml ELK LJ 11 JThis reliable tonic is recommended to remove the wastefrom the body, counteract the catar hal poisons and allay theinflammation that is catarrh, restore the regular appetite andtone up the entire system to resist disease. A well man is safe.As a tonic after grip it has won many commendations, while its effectiveness in catarrhal conditions is unquestioned. Take no chances TakePcruna.Pcruna Tablets are always ready to take. Yoa may carry a 6oxwith you and ward off colds and chill. The liquid medicine in yourhome is a greet safeguard. Protect your family.The Peruna Company, Columbus, OhioSXK2M1 "TIME TO FIGHT UPON US."I In answer to a request cf the NewY-rk World, Mr. Henry Watters-jn.editor of the Courier-Journal, sent Uipfololwing telegram trom Miami, Fla.:'In tfie absence of full knowlegdeof the circumstances attending thedefeat -cf the ship defense bill, andeven a meager report of the closingdebate in the Senates, I am loath tospeak except in general terms. Itappears that the treasonable movement led by Mr. Bryan is. at leastH-UJLH frnnnnnnrl)i ( M3BSc9f J )I Protect YourselfAgainst Illness!ZIMMERMAN HEAD OF GERMAN SPY CORPS IN U. SNEW YORK, March 15 Dacumentary evidence connecting D. Zimmerman, the German Foreign Secretary,with the German spy system in theUnited States, is in the hands of federal authorities here, is was learnedThese papers show that Zimmermannot only recommended payment ofmoney to carry on spy plots, bpt approved conspiracies being plannedhere.. One of the papers in the goveniment's possession is said to bearUA 11 .e t- rrn tit!11. MlMn HHnHnnrnvicirmn llv ctippnecfnl Ttc?- ennnocs I .. .. .. .,. w . ..v....j , u.vooi.u. no ""v"" i Knr 1111. tho rffino rf thP h! 1 Jl IIa signal disadevery Datrioticput the countrj atvantage, must causeAmerican to hang his head in shame,and should consign the men responsible to an eternity of execration.I "The President has nothing lefthim except to summon the new Congress and appeal, in the name of Godand their manhood, to the people. He Jhas used the soft pedal too long; thushe has unwittingly tempted publicqpinion to drift away from him, buf'he can call it back. It will rally with'enthusiasm to a brave, unqualifiedstand and respond in thunder tones toForeign Secretary. Some of the documents werelaid before the Federal Grand JuryOne of the letters in possession 0Cthe authorities was written by Dr.Zimmerman to a man in New; York,believed to be the head of the spy system in this country. The other note,a memorandum, requested payment forcertain work. There is no doubt aboutthe authenticity of either document,officials said.Conicident with disclosures that DrZimmerman was connected with thespy plots, the National Surety Company decided Thursday to withdrawthe $25,000 bonds furnished Sakunnaand Chakrabertv and surrender the, x t , , . i ana unaKranerty anu surrenuur ua voice at once resonant and resolute ialleKed plotters to the federal authorit "There is a time to preacjli and a'tleSi yice President Joel Raltone of'time to Dray. There Is also a time to'tiio Surety Company, said the matterwas one in which the company did notcare to be involved." He added thatthe company did not care to lay itselfonen to suspicion of being allied withmm h'ttitii tmi fiiiwiiiii ii-i. .Mir. uc i . ., . , ,. , ,... mi, 'an interest conspiring against tne,but a single alignment and issue: ihe edj honor of the nation and tne sancitynf tiliP. fine-: the seDaration of theI"-- oifight, and that time is upon us. He,who dallies is sometimes worse thana dastard. He is a traitor and a villain. From this onward let there beHello, Grandma!We're All Well,How Are You?It is a joyousmoment for the distantgrandparent when shehears the voice of herfavorite youngster on the Long DistanceBell Telephone.Children who cannot write can use theBell Telephone with ease, and their smallvoices over the wires give assurance to lovedones that all is well.The Long Distance Bell Telephoneplays an important part in the social life ofthe nation. Without leaving your homeyou can visit satisfactorily with relatives orfriends in distant cities.! The service is fine; the rates are reasonable.Every Bell Telephone is a Long Distance Station, rnTtrixTr &sriCUMtSt-KLAINU ifcLnrnunn, &AND TELEGRAPH COMPANYIncorporatedBOX 122, FRANKFORT, KY.sheep from the goats; the determination of who are for us and who areagainst us."Thp. Kaiser hosts of the Hohenzollerns. associating theright divine of kings, are at our veryA big roundup of German spies isscheduled to start with the arrest ofa third suspect Jiere on the plotcharge against Sakunna and Ohakraberty here.Federal acents expect to make ar-wi;i!iirests in California, Oregon, Washingabsas&ui roTv.o finnm the Philinninexfinfi ntiipr Amfir'iKin territory wheredoor. The glorious right divine ot f.nrmnn .cents have been activetilie people is invaded and assailed aiany 0f the suspects are now underupon its own threshold. Though surveillance. Their arrest is said toPrussianism and Brvanism triumph hang solely upon completion of the infor a moment, they must be and will vestigation of the New York angle ofbe crushed as in the war of Ue Revo , j the tfot nced ,lution the red-coats and the Tories gome o the spIes. The raidwere crushed Tsow not less tflian tner: the New York rolicc on the apartdoes the Republic hang in the bal- luent occupieti by Sakunna and Chaicance" Iraberty spoiled the plans of the federal'(.Ificials and drove a number of Geijman agents to coverCONSIDERING BEST ROUTE whether Generpl Carranza is actingFOR MIDLAND TRAIL. afrainst Germans in Mexico who are!to be used to promote a revolution-The Vasiceburi? Sun says: "A large against him it he did not join Geraml roiesentative delegation wen. atany in war against the United State.,from Vanceburg w Ashland on Feb. 2? is not known to federal authoritiespassed around that the stronger the Us ', frUc;ti at ing German plotter?.delegation, the better would be thr &'chance to pull a "kink" in the afore- GIRLS! HAVE WAVY,said Trail and divert it from its pro-, THICK, GLOSSY HAIRposed route entering Kentucky at FREE FROM DANDRUFFCatlettsburg. then through Cartel.Rowan, Bath, Montgomery and Clark Save Your Hair! Double Its BeautyI counties to Lexington, and locate it at ,n a Few Moments Try This'a much better route which is alreadysurveyed, and most of it under con- if you care for heavy hair, thaitract "to be built from the Boyd countv glutens with beauty and is radiantI line below Ashland, Ky., through witn mo; has an incomparable softGreenup and Lewis counties to ness and is fluffy and lustrous, tryVanceburg, thence to Tolesboro, f rom t Danderinc.'there through Mason, Fleming, Nich j just one application doubles theolas and Bourbon counties, to Lexing t)eauty of your hair, besides it immcton. passing through a richer and more j (ijately dissolves every particle of.prosperous section, thereby serving a dandruff; you cannot have nice, heavy,I greater number of people. The cement healthy hair if you have dandruff.! bridges and iron culverts have already This destructive scurf robs the hair of!t ;,iQ,i fiio rnnri contracted . ;t lustre, its strength and its veryunder State supervision and the grade (life, and if not overcome it produces treduced to 5 per cent, or less in Green , feverlshness and itching of the scalp,up and Lewis counties, with only a tflie hair roots famish, loosen and die,'few miles longer, with no long hills then the hair falls out fast.! anywhere as the road follows alone. If yoUr hair has been neglected andthe C. &0. Railroad and Ohio River. is thin, faded, dry, scraggy or too,,. ,' :ni fr. rnnd building is rtiu- P-Pt. n. 2a-cent bottle of Knowltons mit hand and upkeep much less than Danderine at any drug store or toilelI would be through the mountain coun .counter; apply a little as directed anaities 'ten minutes after you will say this wasI "This is also the most interesting the best investment you ever uwuu'nd scenic route, as the traveler! We sincerely believe, regardless oiwould for a distance of 65 miles go ' everything else advertised, that if you'through a continuous stretch of beau desire soft, lustrous, beautiful hair andtiful cities, growing towns and maim- lots of it-no dandruff-no itchingfacturing districts which can only bescalp and no more falling hair ou11 b . . . ... -rrn..1 0l i. .. ITtmnfUnn'K DanflPrilie. Iffdund in this part ot tne umusu owiw must use ,.eventually why not now?(adv)I in so short a distance."The splendid road along tilie SciolrtRiver from Columbus, O.. would interjsect ibis part of the Midland Trial atj South Portsmouth, also the easterntravel front Cincinnati, 0.. comingii .,!, nviin nr Knutiickv. The Midimuus" wuiu v. "- i .hand trail, by this route, would reach spring COLDS ARE DANGEROUS.'the famous Kentucky Bluegrass sec "tion near Uie Mason county line and) sudden changes of temperature and:l :. . ., x. -i:.i tdoc i.0v.l,inrivpnr hrine snring colds withi continue inrougu uii, . ; - --- --,- tiiTflie strong onslaught by, the Russians may be !' ' xcuse of the Austrians for dropping over into Italianterritory.Iii2!Service FirstThe City has added a new Fire Truckto its equipment to provide adequate andefficient protection to you.The County has built modem roads foryour convenience, safety and comfort andto provide an efficient means of travel andtransportation.The Home TelephoneCompany has added a new Truck toits equipment, which, with its other two,will provide an efficient means of caring forthe plant which furnishes modern telephone service.Have you a HOME PHONE? Join themodern procession. Call contract department now.Paris Home Telephone 8 Telegraph Go.(Incorporated)J. J. VEATCH, District Manager.W. H. CANNON, THOMAS K. iJMlTH.Equipment Manager. Cashier.If you men want to make an investment that will make you from 25 to1 OO per cent profitCome In and Buy AnOvercoat For Next YearWe only have about 50 Overcoats,and the prices have been cut unmercifully. Sizes 34 to 44. Styles willbe good for next season. Saturdaywill be a good day to give them the"once over.Spring Suits, Shirts, Hats, etc., arriving daily. We give Blue TradingStamps.TWIN BR5Clothing and Shoe Dept.L. Wollstein.. PropBourbon LaundryDWIS & FUNK, Props.Telephone No. 4. West 5 Street... i n , . . "- vm&Satisfaction is Onr! WatchwordWith all the latest im-: provements in laundryappliances and expertCl - . -". " t0 do work inf prior tnr&suuOEjgr ... ' - none, and solicit yourrr::::5- "" ' gQ patronage.i JJl SS3- - JBourbon Laundry,Paris Kentucky.tTnrliana'ville. Good limestone roads arc already built through this section andJwitl' very little improvement theTrail can be nationalized."SIGNS OF GOOD DIGESTION.You may be enjoying the best of health today There may come asiege of illness. ASE YOU PEEPAKED FOE 1X1Doctor's bills and enforced idleness are expensive. When you have abank account you are prepared to combat illness.Can you conceive of anything more tragic than a long period of illnesswithout any funds?Therefore, if You Haven't a BankAccount, Start One TodayFarmers' & Traders' Bank, P. K.SEH. P GR1MES. B00kk- CK' ;Sixth and Main Streets Paris, KyWhen you see a cheerful and happyicid lady "you may know that she luvI rood digestion. U your uigosuouimpaired or it you ao not reus" uumeals take a dose of Chamberlain'sTnhiAt. Thev strengthen the stonvor.ii ininrnvp. the digestion and causea gentle movement of the bowels. 01tainable everywhere.(adv-mar)A St. Louis hobo, after fifteen yearsof wandering, says it doesn't pay. Theonly sort of tramping that pay is professional pedestrianism, with a purseat the end of the journey.Kings lNtiw uia1; - .This happ" combination of antiseptici,icT,,a nionrc thp. head, soothes theirritated membranes and what mignthave been a lingering cold is broke-,up Don't stop treatment when reli&is first felt as a half cured cold lisdangerous. Take Dr. King's NevvDiscovery till your cold is gone.auv-uiui jlfriMj'?I'frg"f4,v,S'M,,ffr,5As tihe Chinese are said to have taken up morphine after being deprivedof opium any further reform attemptsmay drive them to cigarettes.5"iSole AgencySTACY - ADAMSSHOESSUFFERING AND SURGERYcan be avoided by usingff 9 n$7-00 and $7-50WHEN TO TAKECHAMBERLAIN'S TABLETSWhen you feel dull and stupid aftereating.When constipated or bilious.When you have a sick headache.When you have a sour stomach.When you belch after eating.When you have indigestion.When nervous or despondent.When you have no relisQi for youimeals.When your liver is torpid.Obtainable everywhere.(adv-mar).. . - . a rPILE REMEDY,llelieve yourself of this ailment athome. Easy to use ana tnorouguijdependable. Sold only by us buc anu$1.00..03ERD0RFER, The Druggist,Paris, Ky.JttsiaGe&fte &nb SliineTake Advantage of These Pricesand Save Money.Sjiir v 5y?J5 - vHARRY LINVILLEuiiiiiiiimiii iiiii tmilllllllllllltfATHE BOURBON NEWS, PARIS, KY.FRIDAY, MARCH 1$, 1917."" r !AGE EIGHTItIPh;B5IPv'L.'-iiVWtTRlCT MEEJING. ' K. P.'S AT CYNTHIANA."Jf lathbone Lodge No. 12, Knights ofi - Pythias, of Paris, has received the folIfwing invitation: "The District Mee. :MATRIMONIAL.A marriage license was issuedtvnetorrlnv from thn nflinp rf f!nillltvrlBg of the Knights of Pythias for thir,Section will o held :tt nvnthiann. ni.-' .Thursday, March 22, to which all thc,clerk PearCP Paton- to a u iron' Members of Rathbone Lodge are cor- an adjoining town, who solemnly anddlftlly invited"' tearfully exacted a promise from thev The Grand Lodge officers are expec, 'obliging Clerk to have it marked,ft U to be present, and the officers of "please V'1 Publish. And this re-the subordinate lodges are also expect mimls us thar we, know of a redding', e. as are all Past Chancellors who',10 be celebrated in Pans soon, the, have not received the Grand Lodge . Principals in which will be two wel -yank. The "Get-Together" of mem-I i n. .t -i.i .j:4:.(.r nnrs hi c nrn cr i ri iiinir uii i it:i.i . iknown and very popular young Paris- -'people. Like Clerk Paton, we respect"1. ,1..H:.. P 4Un nninnntii-nto mingle in fellowship: to discuss L"e -""" "Tw.plans for the betterment and advance-bride and groom to "please don't pub-DEATHS.WILLINAMS' COLORED SINGERSTO APPEAR HERE MARCH 24.Arnrrangements have been perfectedfor the appearance at St. Paul's M. EChurch, on the night of Saturday,OSBORNE. z' March 24, of Williams' Colored SingersMr. Enoch Osborne, aged thirty-jsaid to De the greatest organizationeight, died at his home near Winches- of colored musicians in the world, riter, Monday night He was a brother vailing and surpassing world-famousof Mr. Thos. Osborne, of Bourbon j Fisk Jubilee Singers, who visitedcounty, who, with two brothers, his Paris several times. The personnelwife and three daughters, survive him.Cf the company is composed of 6. L.The funeral was held at the Dunaway Johnson, first tenor; C. P. Williams,Church, in CJark county, Wednesday secoml tenor; J H" Jonnson' baritoneiiiiu imioiuui uiieutui, o. o. oiauuc,morning at ten o'clock, with servicesconducted by Rev. G. W. Boswell. Thebody was interred on the family lotin the old Brock graveyard.sent of the Knights of Pythias; and sl." and will wait until the day beta devise wavs and means for perpet !e tne nappy event i to um u.ae.bating the Pvthian Nome, are the ob-;whe we wiU &ive the . news;iljqcts and" aims of the conventions otjguesscb as to their identity will beKnights of Pythias all over the State, considered!The convention win open prompts A.AN-.nCnw ctri i m?c i tlie Becraft home Wednesday afterat 2:30 p. m. with the District Dep ANARSDALE-SELLARS. j . aerv,ces CQ1,wr presiding, wnen me loiioxwug piu-( Th niarriajre of Miss Emilv Jane i ducted by Rev. B. C. Horton. TheBECRAFT.j The funeral of Mr. Win. Becraft,jaged seventy-two, who died at his(home on the Jackstown pike Mondayj night after a long illness, was held at- .si .- r. . 1. T11m ttl" ue uuwrveu- . " w"'anarsdale. a niece of Mrs. M. Gyeforts of lodges: discussion of gen jTlomson tormerIv principal of theoral interrogatories; exemplification 'Bourboll Coiiege, in Paris, and Mr.of the secret work; conference of tho,Jolm M SeliarSf of Lexington, tookGrand Lodge Rank on Past Chancel-1 lace in that citv las(. Saturday. 0nejors. ine evening sebsion at i.ou P.,of th(J atteil(lants at lhe wedding, was ley.to. viu be the uet-Jogetner part m ,yliss Catlierine Thomson, formerly ofthe program. The First Rank will bc,parjsconferred on a class of candidates i 'from various lodges in the districtAll members of the lodges in thisburial followed on the family lot inthe Millersburg Cemetery. The pallbearers were George R. Bell, KaderBurroughs, Silas Cleaver, D. C. Parrish, Wm. Parker and Dr. H. M. Box-BELL HAMILTON.district are urged to attend the sessions .f the convention, as every mem-Miss Etta L. Bell and Mr. ErnesHamilton, well-known young peo-hr of a lodge in the district is an! pic of Carlisle, and both well-knownequal reprc sentativt with every other in Paris, were married in Lexington,member. Croat good can come from Wednesday afternoon at the iesldencethese meetings and it is particularly ol the officiating minister. Rev. I. Jdesired this vear that large delega-' Spencer. They secured marriagetions get together and counsel one withthe other for the upbuilding of therier along the lines of advancement.MUST HOLD MEETINGS.County Road Engineer Ben F. Bed-ford i "n r t-tK o" a communicationfroro Rodman Wiley, Commissioner ofPublic Roads, advising" him not to for.get the act of 1914. which calls forlicense in Carlisle, and, a'ceompaniedby Mr. George B. Bell and Mr. J. Russell O'Connell. of Carlisle, motored toLexington, where the ceremony wasperformed.ALMA GLUCK AT LEXINGTON.basso; Virginia Greene, prima donna;Marie Peeke Merrill, soprano; ClaraK. Williams, contralto, and Hattie F. jJohnson, pianist.Williams' Colored Singers gave.130 performances in London, England. 'and have visited all parts of theglobe. Their performance consists oti jubilee songs, plantation songs, negrolullabies, comic songs, sentimentalsongs, ballads, ragtime song, classicselections and sacred songs. JThe north section of the churchwill be reserved for white people .and every attention will be given tomake the evening an enjoyable one.The price of admission will be fiftycents. Tickets will be on sale at the :dcor. '- IJOHNSON.The funeral of Sidney Johnson,aged thirty-three, who died Mondaynight at the family home near NorthMiddletown, after a lingering illnessof pulmonary tuberculosis, was held atthe Shakespeare church, near NorthMiddletown, Wednesday afternoon, attwo o'clock, with services conductedby Rev. Ernest Mangum. The burialfollowed in the North Middletown Cemtery. The pall-bearers were HarryJohnson, Frank Johnson, Eli Johnson.Thcs. Hash. Charles Hash and Wm.Hash. Mr. Johnson is survived by hisfather, six sisters and four brothers.KELLY.CooisngAttractionsPARIS GRAi A ALAMOSaturday at The Paris GrandWith Fdnc'si OrchestraCLARA KIMSALL YOUNGin a Re-issued Special Feature,"Her Savage Instinct"Only 5 and 10 cents admission,afternoon and night.Saturday at the AlamoEdith Storey, Antonio Morenoand Wm. Duncan, in"MONEY MAGIC"From the book of Hamlin Garland. V?tagraph Blue Ribbon, "He NeverTouched Me." Big- V comedy withall star cast. Afternoon and night.MONDAYAnn Pennington inThe Rainbow PrincessProduced by the FamousPlayers on ParamountProgram.TUESDAYHolbrook Blinn inThe Weakness of ManA World Feature. AlsoCharles Richman andDorothy Kelly in the exciting 4th episode of "TheSecret Kingdom."Hours-Alamo, 2 to 5:30; Paris Grand,7 to 1 0:30, Admission 5 and 1 Oc.SCHARFENBERG AND STONEPaul Scharfenberg, who wrote tobis mother in Germany, saying "tohell with the United States," andcalling President Wilson a "commonscoundrel," does not understand gumshoe methods.Senator Stone, of Missouri, wouldnot say anything as shockingly bluntas "to bell with the United States."He acts "to hell with the UnitedStates," instead of saying it. Hevould not stand up in the Senate andcall tihe President a "common scoundrel." He asks, merely, that the Senatefind out, if possible, whether the Pres09;?ident and the State Department foist twi Friends in Paris who knew him e(l uP3n the I)ress a note sLSned "zi"ra! 'hare manv vcirs ago received infor- hnermann." which was not genuine;filiation Tuesday of the death of Mr an(1 whether the move was instigated mMusic lovers in Paris and CVntralKentucky will be interested in the mation Tuesday.. .. '... Al..w. r"1...i1-'r. sw..-...nn 5 c I- ITr , I-.11.. .1 A. - r 'each Count v Road Engineer to calllllt;'t uult " wiuuu a uv.iuiu)juiii.-..,i wasn iveny, a ionner resilient 01a roaddlstrkA .-vs-kt tntno fV,.. . 'r ..,D-i ,;,. .i fin- 'flftrman nianist who is remembered as i nn-P Air TvpIIv fnr spvoml vpnrs own m expressedUIBUUSlOMh Ul IVflU JJJ- unit iu , - tD' ---. - -' .tbering the improvement of the roads .having piayeti accompaniments ior e,i a fine larm near C'enterville, and,i thr- countyby one of the belligerents arrayedd meeting in each magisterial for ner concert at Woodland Audito j Paris. Mr. Kelly died at Santa Mon 5ifea,nsL uerinanj.t in his coimty eachvear be-irium. in Lexington. Tuesday night, ca, California, a few days ago, follow-! Paul Sciharfenberg has been senFebruary 20 and March SO for, March 27. will be Anion HolT. a young ing a l?ng illness due to infirmities of I1CGU io fivo yeais m Prison fpr liavdisloyalStone, uominall(Madame Schamanu-Heink last yeai jWas well-known here. He moved toBillnominally ansentiments.a Democrat. 2merican, nominally a 9fjjc CUntV j iiaun- oLiiuuiuuii-in-Hiii '"1 .. x. i iit v. uii-iviiuwii licit:. lie muvuu tu , -)r. n..i.mc nf tH?c kinri hnvp ! He is an excellent artist and assistant California home vear.s aeo. where he man' has taken advantage of a seatnever before been hald in this rountv.jand has been in America for several, had since resided, lie is survived by '" the Senate to do what Schartenbergand' Mr BHlford was unable to give 'years, but this is his first season withhis widow, and two children, Miss vouhl nave approved He cannot be 9knv information about, what time anil .Madame Gluck. He will play a Knabe i Frances Kelly, and Mr. Christopher &ent to P"sn- hu ,iera,,ol!,d1b rf $"ll Tvhat tilar-e- the meeting would ur'piano for the concert. Kelly. The funeral was held at Santa mov u'om a Position for which he is gi rne seat saie ior tne uiuck concert Monica. ..-"..v. """ -.. iNEAL.after a protracted illness, wah heldWednesday afternoon at two o'clocklinln in Ronrbon county-will go on Monday, March 19, at the4 Wuriitzer Piano sale rooms, 349-3G1(West Main street, or seats may be reBIRTHS served now by mail addressed to Miss" Ikatherine Cochran, at the Studio Ciub,4 4 West second street, Lexington.I Reports from a score of cities,In this city, ta the wife of Mr. B ( where the great artist is appearinglriedman. of the Cincinnati Store, a tnjs season are most complimentary.daughter, christened Anna Doroth"( Capacity houses are being attracted Euig past0r of the Paris Christian"Friedman. and the daily press is giving her most church. Ii ' w' elaborate recognition, pronouncing her rs. Neal was the widow of the late-one of the most exquisite singers aiu M- Jonn Neai for many years a res;.charming entertainers on the concert ;dent of Bourj)0n county. She is surstage to-day. Interest in the announce- (vivcd bv one son, Mr. Emmett Neal. ofment of the concert indicates that . Paris . two i,rothers, John and Sherevery chair in the Auditorium will bcjman Bealert( of near Paris ami twosold for the concert. -sisters. Miss Nannie Bealert, ot nearIn compiling a sketch of Alma Gluck Hutchison, ami Mrs. Henry Mitchell,one is at a loss to adequately de-,()f Lexngton formerlv of Paris. ,-cribe the infinity of charms and therichness of gifts that have swept' DICKEY. I(this American soprano into greater Funerai cervices for Mrs. Ellen(popularity than any singer on the con Kirk Dickev. aged thirtv-seven, who;cert platform t6-day. Radiantly beau )died al her-home in Louisville, Wedtiful. endowed with charm, intellect ' sday of braifl trouble, were held.and a lofty courage, blessed with a f rd v af,ernooil at the Virginiavoice that words are powerless to do JAvenue Methodist church, of whichfine, Alma Gluck has sung her way (her husband was past01.f conducied byjoyfully, artistically and honestly to a Rev Df A p Presiding, position in the loremost ran oi.Elder of Uie Louisville District. Theartists Ibodv was taken to her old home inInstant success greeted the young Hillsbor0t Fleming county, for inter-i soprano at her Metropolitan Opera mentj debut in 19')D when she appeared in. D, k u f Plemngmaui.ft cin. ,"o w"-Countv, and was a daughter of thetinued to greet hr at all performance, Jate Mr Jerome Kirkiia promirientboth operatic and concert, and within pIemil 0UR farnjer Rer deatha few years her fame has circled the I cauged a uar disease ofglobe. Although born in Houmama. the brain 3mce December 2D she hadAlma Gluck was brought to New onrl - - noplnrl nf -.,..wnen out six years uiu. anu lu nci iucUnited States is "home." She did her, The publisher of one of the world's! createst newsnaners was shinine shoesThe funeral of Mrs. Henrietta Bea- ami selling newspapers when less thanlert Neal, aged sixty-one, who died sixteen vears old.Monday at her home on Cypress street,A recording meter has been invent 0ed to measure the amount of steamwith services conducted at the grave ,uacd4 in an industrial Plant and checkin the Paris Cemetery by Rev. W. E. bLt"The Worst Handicapin the world is WORRY it ties a man hand and foottakes off the edge of his talents and cuts down hisability.WORRY as to what will happen to the family if anything should happen to you, will do more than anythingelse to reduce jour earning power.LIFE INSURANCE solve the problem -the day you getyour Insurance Policy, is the day you cut your fetters.LIFE INSLTRANCE is the only sure cure for WORRY.The toftwBStepo mutual Life Insurance Co.R. F. CLENDEN1N, Associate Geneial AgentSuite 201-202 First Nat'l BanK Bldg. PARIS, KY.DeliciousJuicy Meats!VEALPORKCHOPSSTEAKSThe Best Roast Beefand Breakfast Bacon inthe World.ThFinal Clean Up!studying in New York, and New Yorkwas first to acknowledge her genius.With her husband, the Rev. C K ;Dickey, Mrs. Dickey went to Louis-1ville from Millersburg, where Rev.T"lirlrov hnrl hppn nsifiiPfl h the PnnThe magic of her name and the glory lference of Methodist clmrcI tn 'thatI .j. .Li .. .t -i i i , i piace. lie asKeu to oe reneveu, aimresult that Mauam Gluck is in demand f- . .. ini, t . ,.,! .n iUn' ., , ... ,. i m April, 101b, was transferred to theI for recitals m more cities than can .... . . . 7 nit,;Ua..,....,,. mi i Virginia Avenue Church, m Louisville.Vvsauji? wc i-oiccu in u'- -"oyAx. " tTnr.Sr1nt, llnB lK,n(l ATe FlinVotr icUCDlUCil 1IC1 11UOUU11U, i'lio. livuv.iA7T T A1 OT T4 f lier VCe ha;'e SVi:?i 'mi thVle charge of the church at UuiV 1L iVl U I rl n.o8tremot: quarters uMth the natura !place be reHevedi anGrocery Go.Phone 376MflRGOLEN'SExtra SpecialsFor This Weeklayman seldom realizes the enormousi I "business" done by celebrities, but an'idea may be gleaned from the statement that Alma Gluck's present season will net the famous singer overj?250.n00. (adv)BLOOD TRANSFUSIONIS SUCCESSFUL.The operation ot" blood transfusionjwas performed on Mr. Jerre Sullivaniof Lexington, formerly of Centerville,. this county, recently, at St. Joseph'sHospital, in "Lexington. A 'pint ofSugar Cured Picnic Hams Wood was taken from his body andDer flOUnd 20c transfused into his brother Mr. Conj Sullivan, who had been dangerouslyHog Jowl, Country Cured, I ill. The -operation was restored to asper pound 20c j an almost last effort to save the life'of Mr. Con Sullivan, and was successPure Hog Lard ! ful. A second like operation was per-per pound 22 l-2c j formed some time later, and was againt c i r successful, as the patient showedVeal Chop?, Special Cuts, Urgns of marked improvement alter.per pound 25c 'L. & N. PAY DAY.survived by four children.Anna, Edward and EmmaDickey and three sisters.iMary,LewisBRIGHTEN YOUR CORNER.CALL UPmGOLEN'STHE SANITARY MEAT MARKETWednesday was the regular semij monthly pay-day on the Louisville &.Nashville, when checks for wageswere distributed to the local ememployes. The Louisville & Nashvillepay-roll leaves a good bunch of moneywith Paris merchants.Whatever you may think of BillySunday, the world is somewhat indebted to him for the spreading of theidea in his famous song, "Brighten theCorner Where You Are."Things may be going, as many believe, to the , demenation bow-wows,but the big green hall will be just aleetle bit better of you do your sharetoward making it so.The whole darn office may iliave agrouch, but if you smile and keep onsmiling the rest won't seem sogrouchy.Wife may be out o sorts, and thecoffee may be weak, but if you grir.and bear it uncomplainingly thing.:won't be so had.Your street may be a string ofihovels, but if you plant flowers anuvines en your corner, the entire blockwill be improved.Hypocrisy may be rampant on thisearth, but if you are honest andstraightforward your axample will set'em going your way.All together, now'Brighten the corner where youare:The 'Balance of Winter . Shoes Must BeSold at Once to MakeRoom ForSpring GoodsDaily Arriving!Still Greater is the Reduction of Prices!Do as thousands of others are doing. Buy now forfuture as well as present needs. Not for a long timewill you be able to buy high grade shoes at prices solow.ft - iyr .' II 1 X.1- :vAfe jS& I firL Jmtk-Oik'Ladies7 Dawn Grey Kid, AJso Mahogany Tan, Most Fashionable Boots at AlmostONE-HALF THE PRICE YOU PAY ELSEWHERELadies' Dull Kid High Cut Boots$4.50 valuesLadies' Dark RussiaXalf Boots6.00 valuesLadies' Patent Kid Cloth Top Boots5.00 valuesLadies' Patent and Gun Metal Shoes$3.50 valuesLadies' Gun Metal. button, S2. 50 val.Ladies' Felt Boudoirs, $1.00 valuesLadies's Felt Juliets, fur trimmedS1.50 values$2.993.692.491.991.69.49.79Men's Russia and Plat. Calf English WalkOver Samples, S6.00 values $4,00Men's P.ussia and Platinum Calf Walk-Overand Beacon. S4.50 values S3. 4I Men's Gun Metal .English Medium Toe Welts,$4.UU values $2.99Men's Gun Metal Button and LaceS3. 00 values i .99Men's Tan and Black Romeos$1.50 values 99Men's Black Felt Slippers75-cent values .49Special Ladies7 Slippers, Broken Sizes, $3 and $4 Values, at $1.49Boys', Misses and Children's Shoes at Great Bargain Prices.FROM Tf-IEMacDonald-Kiley Bankrupt SaleMen's High Grade IVl. & K.$1C.OO and $12.00 ShoesVarsity Shoes AA to DON SALE HERE AT ONE-HALF PRICEDANParis' Greatest Shoe Stcjje.CMEft335 Main Street, Paris,, Ky.imI . ' h,