THE- i-"fP'-."T 'v- -:.PUBLISHED EVERY TUESDAY AND FRIDAY IN THE YEAR.i-YXVOLUME XXXVI 1PARIS, BOURBON COUNTY, KENTUCKY, TUESDAY, IWAY 8, 1S17BOURBONw wri mm mm srs i?:,c eH H r v m . B Vl i.HAS THE SUBMARINE PROBLEMBEEN SOLVED?Such is the Belief of W. LSaunders, Chairman ofNavy Consulting Board.STANLEY APPOINTS KENTUCKY'SDEFENSE REPRESNTATIVES.Governor Stanley on Friday appointed Kentucky's representatives on theNational Council for Defense. Thereare three representatives from theState-at-Large, three at large from!each Congressipnal district, and three IG0-T0-SUNDAY-SCH00.LDAY AGREAT SUCCESSMORE ENLISTMENTS INUNCLE SAM'S SERVICEMr. Wherrit Howard, of Paris, whorecently took a position with the Louisville .Nashville, at this point, hasresigned. Mr. Howard went to Cincinnati last week, where he enlisted inthe naval branch of the United StatesNEW YORK, May 7. W. L. Saunders, chairman of the Naval Consulting Board, has announced that theBoard had forwarded plans for dealing with the submarine problem, whichit was believed, had solved the problemsuccessfully. vMr. Sanders, who has been chairman ofe the Naval Consulting Boardabout two months, supplemented hisjiiinouncement by saying that whilethe submarine problem cannot be considered in reality to have been solveduntil the TJ-boats have been destroyed,nevertheless numerous experiments-hadbeen made along the Atlantic coastvith highly encouraging results, whichled the board to feel confident that asuccessful solution had been reached.rsr0r2 aii sh..is .f . c.ly sssrjstsVicinity of Bourbon, nrp nQ frillnwc Tb i 7 i ,..., , . . ",-,i"ieport Largely Increased btauoneu on ooard one -of Uncle Sam'sa,, j .- - , big sea-fighters cruising in Atlantic andAttendance on may 6th. southern waters.. The Marine Corps branch of the ser-'vice has gained its first recruit fromThev camfi fivmi Mm invi,'aa v.a this section in the person of Mr.the byways, both big and small, and bishop Batterton, son of Mr. and Mrs.filled the Sunday School rooms of the . A' Batterton, of the Shawhan vicincounty Sunday, in pursuance of the lty' and a brother oi County Attorneyii,i.,, :.i u-t x r,., ., ,., Georce Batterton. of Paris. ATr "Rnf.Thomas H PHv caP untill if was estimated that terton was accepted at the U. S. Navynomas 11. Uay, approximately 4000 people bf)th large Recruiting Station in Cincinnati, lastand small, attended the Sunday schools , e' aim was senL TO amY at Ar"of Bourbon county last Sunday. lanta, Ga.In Paris the attendance was as fol- AmonS those who have recentlylows: Christian Sunday school, G20, of taken the examination at Lexingtonwhich 110 were in tho Mpn's PihiA Ior enrollment in tne umcers' ReserveClass; Baptist, 272, Methodist, 257;Presbyterian, 185; Episcopal, 42.These figures' do not include the colored schools, where an unusually largpcinity of Bourbon, are as follows:j Seventh District-at-Large Theodore Harris, Versailles, Chairman;(Emmett Dickson, Paris; Dick Stoll,j Lexington.I Fayette County Dr. S. H. Halley.Lexington. Chairman; Judge Frank A.Bullock, Lexington; J. D. Stoll, Lexington.Bourbon CountyParis, Chairman;North Middletown;Paris!1 Nicholas CountyCarlisle, Chairman; T. B. Henry, Carlisle; H. B. Bryson, Carlisle.Clark County N. H. Witherspoon,Winchester, Chairman; D. T. Matlack,Winchester; H. G. Garnett Winchester. Harrison County Ben T. Bedford,iCynthiana, Chairman; Albert Cason,Cyntlnana; Orie Lebus, Cynthiana-Catesby Spears,-Robert Harper,Corps, and who have been approved,are Editor Stanley O. Wood, of theMt. Sterling Gazette, and Messr3.Robert Young and William Collins, ofattendance was noted, but the figuresMontgomery County J. Will Clay, not being available, they have not beenWASHINGTON, May 7. The fullstrength of the first war army organized under selective draft will be 18,528 officers and 528,659 enlisted men,making up eighteen war strength divisions complete in every arm and supplemented by sixteen regiments ofheavy field artillery, equipped withlarge caliber howitzers. A force ofsimilar strength is to be taken fromthe regular army and National Guard.Kentucky and Indiana are expected tocombine in raising one selective draftdifision.Mt. Sterling, Chairman; R. C. Gatpwood, Mt Sterling; Ben Hall, Mt.1 Sterling.Scott County James Carrick, Chairman, ; Benj. Lair and Kinzea Stone,Georgetown.WANTED.Courier-Journals of the.dates: April 15, 22 and 29. Leave atj THE BOURBON NEWS office. (It)WOMEN'SjlGLEE CLUB.WASHINGTON, May 7. Haiti andChina are on the verge of entering theworld-wide alliance against Germany.President Artiguenave, of Haiti hascalled on Congress to declare waragainst Germany, and a commissionhas been appointed to consider thequestion. A dispatch from Peking,passed by the censor after deletions,says that China's entry into the warat an early date seems inevitable. TheV7&r party is said to be gaining theascendency over the protests of thePresident and Senate that Chinashould not enter the war.included in the general total.At the Christian Sunday school, amotion was made by Mr. Arthur B.Hancock that all the members of the!Mens' Bible Class contribute one dollar each to the cause of the local Chapter of the Red Cross Society. Fortyfive responded, and the remainder gavetheir pledges to contribute. The suggestion was marlfi that, t.hp ntlipr Simfollowing day schools of the city be asked totake similar action, which will bebrought before them at their meetingsnext Sunday.With one or two schools out, THENEWS was enabled to get returns fromthe attendance at the Sunday schoolsj An entertainment will be given at of the county as follows: North MidOld Union church, near the Bourbon dletown, 382; Little Rock, 150; Clinine, to-morrow (Wednesday) evening, tonville, 60; Hutchison, 50; Spears(at 7:30 o'clock, by the Womens' Gle? Millf 85; Miliersburg. 1,041, '(divided as,Club of Transylvania University, at follows), Methodist, 237, Christian, 197,(Lexington. Admission, twenty-five Presbyterian, 155, Baptist, 72, Millers, cents. The proceeds will be used for Durg College, 44; Colered Methodistthe benefit of the church. '172, Christian, 121, Baptist, 37; Cen-terville, 50; Palmer School, 66; Shaw-absorbed as the Germansin the United States."have been iI.ban, 97; Ruddles Mills, not reported.WASHINGTON, May 7. At the request of the British government, explosive contact mines of 'Americamanufacture will be furnished-by thisgovernment to Great Britain for sowing in German territorial waters. Thisgovernment, it is said, makes a bettermine than is made in the United Kingdom, and the British government realizing this, has been anxious for sometime to obtain scene mines of American production.Experts of the United States Navyhave long believed that one effectiveway of dealing with the submarinewas to sow contact mines in watersthrough which they would be obligedto pass in leaving or entering Germanports. This view was given to theBritish government, and there is reason to believe that it was adopted.j WASHINGTON, May 7. Foreign( Secretary Balfour, in an address before the House of Kepresentatives,warned against the hope for a iprema-REVIVAL MEETING ATTHE BAPTIST CHURCH.1 K JRev. Dr. F. W. Eberhardt, of Danville, a former nastnr of the Parte.tureendofthewar. President Wilson h began a week of lecture-ser-.heard the s,peech from the executivegallery.mons at the Baptist Church last night.as a part of the revival meeting in-7.1The American auSurated last week by the pastor,itev. ur. u. it. luangum.Dr. Eberhardt is a preacher of greatsteamer, Rockingham, is houndAmerica. The boat contained fourteensurvivors.COPENHAGEN, via London, May7. All is apparently not easy sailingfor the German military authorities intheir efforts to convince the people athome that everything is going wellon the Western frontThe German militan' critics occasionally refer in their articles to letters of criticism from readers on thisor that feature of the war reports, indicating not only an unwillingness totake the official bulletins and the dispatches of the war correspondents attheir face value, but also that thenumber of "doubting Thomases" islarge.WASHINGTON, May 7. War measures will occpuy Congress this week.Interest centers on the War Army Bill,where a warm fight is expected on thedraft age limit, and the Senate reolulion permitting Col. Roosevelt to raisea volunteer force.WASHINGTON, May 7. The sacredunion of the United States and theEntente Allies will not be dissolveduntil German imperialism has beendestroyed and the peace of the worldassured, Premier Viviani said in anaddress at Kansas City.LONDON, Mayconsul at Liverpool reports that thocfaomor -wrliioh niMrofl nn tho thircitip' 'boat from the torpedoed American ?er' as those ho have heard him. in luiiuci yeuia v;aii luslilv. x iiu sci-vices Will UtJglll UUUll Illglll ul i.o-jo'clock, Rev. Dr. Eberhardt taking"The Sermon On the Mount," as thebasis for all his sermons.Last night the minister was greetedwith a crowded house, the auditorslistening to a remarkably powerfulsermon on the subject of "The Christian's Mission on Earth." The subjects for the remainder of the week:are as follows: Tuesday evening"The Christian's Law of Life;" Wed-7 Henr,Jnesday evening "The Christian's Mo-"The Christian's Emphasis of Life;"evening "The Christian'stxr a oiJTvrr'T'rk'vr r t TJJfrli'praise for the conduct of America'cforeign citizens is given by Attorney.General Gregory v in a statement revealing that since the United Statesentered the war only 125 alien enemies have been arrested under thePresident's proclamation.mines.WASHINGTON,Higgins, president of the Higgins' 'MoTntfottiriTnr Prmnanv rf Npwnnrt...UaUUlUVlUiillh vViUJiuu;, w.. -. .- r - - T1.ViKy., offered the government the pat- UI1 " A"f wu:!:;' J, L,, Vn0rfn0C Standard of Judgment;" Sunday morneiiu ul a, ucvivcr mi.. w.- "The Phristinn's Standards offrom ships. The contrivance can also g eybe used as a sweeper for floating o ,..,., iA cordial invitation is extended to allto attend each evening's meeting. Th.nrAouivn-rnM wqv 7 An nnnpni meeting is in a nature of instituteto young men and women to take up; work, and is not a regular evangelis-toiatrmniiv hn heen issued bv the War."C imeeuug.Department which announced that theWestern Union Telegraph Companvhad agreed to undertake to recruitithe Signal Corps and take the places,of commercial operators called to the;: colors.WASHINGTON, May -7. Afterennrinating the newspaper censorship.M.ttnn ac annroved by the administration, from the espionage bill, the Househy a vote of 195 to 183, inserted a newsection, Trhich makes it necessary tosiw that publication of prohibitedinformation has been of value to theememy?before penalties of law becameelective.COPENHAGEN, May 7. As the latest means of keeping the German people aroused the German newspapershave uncovered a "secret Anglo-Americantreaty," whereby Germany in thefuture is to be allowed no colonieswhatever,Germany's surplus populationto be directed to the Anglo-Saxon contriliWn, Where "they are to be! WASHINGTON, May 7. The government has decided to lend GreatBritain $100,000,000 to meet her needsin this country during May. A secondj instalment of $25,000,000 was translf erred to the British embassy to-day.'making, with the $25,000,000 loanedher Saturday, a total of one-half of theMay loan.LEXINGTON, KW May 7 Generalwniifims said to-day Colonel RooseveltIliad offered him the command of a'regiment in the Roosevelt divisionsome time ago.j "I have not given Colonel Rooseveltany answer," said General Williams,"both because of the indefinite natun?3 of the plans, and because of my ownduties to the State national' guard.It would not be proper for me to stateat this time what action I may latertake."SUMMER NECESSITIES.Screenwire, icecoolers.doors and windows,cream freezers andscreenwater(It)FARMERS SUPPLY CO.,R'obneel Bldg.PLANS PERFECTING FORDRAFTING MEN FOR ARMY.WASHINGTON May 7. Decisivesteps for the hygienic and mental welfare of the nation's soldiers and sailors have been determined upon by theCouncil of National Defense as a strictwar measure. The council, guided bythe general medical board, has described to strike at the presence ofinsidious diseases and at alcoholism inthe military commands.Plans for the registering of mencalled to the colors under the SelectiveDraft Bill are being considered by Gov.Stanley and his advisory board atFrankfort. The Governor will appointa board in each county, which in turn.will select three men in each votingjprecinct to conduct the registration..Louisville, Lexington, Covington andNewport will appoint their own.This will occupy five days. Everyman wirhin the age limits fixed by the.statute nnd call of the President mustregister. The exemptions will be madeby the War Department afterwardThese probably will include those withdependent families and those engagedin certain skilled and productive occupations. From those selected the number required will be called and examined. J It is etimated that considerablymore than a quarter of a million Kentuckians will be registered during the'five days. Badges of war censusofficers already have been shown here,indicating that provost duty will bethorough in rounding up any who may.undertake to escape the notice of theofficers. J ' ' , , r iNorth Middletown.The young men are not respondingvery readily to the call to arms forthe army branch of the service, butit is to be hoped they will not defe"until they have been called under theconscription actMr. Finnell Galloway, bookkeeper inthe Peoples-Deposit Bank & Trust Co.,passed a successful examination andwas accepted for admission to theOfficers' Reserve Corps.Mr. Eugene Elder, of Paris, a student at State University and a member of the staff of the Kernel, the University publication, passed a successful examination for admission to theOfficers' Reserve Corps. Mr. M. L.Crain, of Paris, insurance man, alsopassed successfully yesterday.Mr. Sparks Wilson, a well-knownyoung farmer of the North Middletownvicinity, was accepted on examinationat Ft Thomas, and has been assignedto one oC the Kentucky regiments. Mr.L. II. Barnes, formerly a prominentathlete at Transylvania University,now a teacher in the North Middletown College, was rejected on accountof defeciive vision.WE KNOW HOWFUNERAL DESIGNS.Let me have your order for funeraldesigns if you want something freshand nice. UA11 stock strictly fresh andf.rst-class. Phone in your order.(4-2t) JO. S. VARDEN.vTr;--" --CwiVT .v"X Copyright. 1917i5kSatl. ttni 3c Cat.Whether You Join the Armyor Stay at Home You MustHave ClothesIf you go to war you won't need our'kind of suits, but ifyou stay at home you must have a Spring Suit from ourstore. Young men's snits that are entirely different instyle, looks and quality$15.00 to $30.00Genuine Irish Homespun, real light colors and darkershades of tan, blue and green, Flannels made in fancysingle-breasted pinch back and the two-button doublebreasted patch pocket coat. Our clothes have individuality and style not found in other ready-made clothes.For the more conservative man we have the plain cutthree-button sacks in many new patterns Worsted andCheviot Clothes. No matter how . your size is long,short or stout we can fit your form.Mitchell & BlakemoreiW999G99W9999mm99999MQki.;t-Copyrlffht 1VS, A. B, Kirscb&um CaWalsh's New Styles For Spring!Men and young men who are looking for newest styles in clothes should come here andinspect the beautiful line we have assembled in our shop. Belters and Pinch Backs areshown in wonderful variety of colors and patterns. Then we are showing the new allaround belt models, which are growing in popularity. These you will find in all the newpatterns and colors in greens, greys, stripes and mixtures.$12.50 to $30.00HATSU.4.Our Hat Department is overflowing with the season's best styles. Every new colorand combination in the newest shapes are to be found here in Knox, Crof utt & Krapp,rVStetsons and $2.00 Hats. '-&$2.00, $3.00, $3.50, $4.00, $4.50 and $5.00 'R. P. WALSH?;Seventh and Main One Price Store Paris, Kentucky.jTJf Xf-kriJ-i -PAGE TWOTUESDAY, MAT I, 1517.'mZTHE BOURBON NEWS, PARIS, KY.'TL. D. L. MI tie KdlirDOll lieWS"TUblfshed 188135 Years of Con- l&nthropies which women used to suptlnuous Publication. Prt so generously. Also a peculiarablished'w Year.".SWIFT C!AMP, Editor and OwneA.y erroneous renecUon upon thefcaracter, standing or reputation ofy person, firm or corporation whichy appear in the columns of TI1EBOURBON NEWS will be gladly cor-reoted if brought to attention or theeditor.ADVERTISING RATESr;.io A.i,..ir,,fc ei nn t.ZTZ? ,"": Tn "c uinch for first time; 50 cents per inchReadToerfoce'ts per line 1each issue; reading noticesin blacktype, 20 cents per line, each issue.Cards of thanks, calls on candi-dates, obituaries and resolutions, andsimilar matter, 10 cents per line.Special rates for large advertisements and yearly contracts.The right of publisher is reservedto decline any advertisement or othermatter for publication.Annnnnppmpnt; fnr nniftirni offingmust invariably be accompanied byvthe cash.EDITORIAL MUSINGS..-reedom of Sneeeh in the Collene.Is there a growing opposition tofreedom of speech in the colleges?The latest incident in that direction 'occurred .hen Dr. Kuno Meyer, ofHe Univerity of Berlin, protestedrm!r.-f Vi nonf TJom'or A.rnnnfn,(UU2t UiD ICWOUb liai tOiU AUtUUllCrize poem, "Gott mit uns," and ex-m-essed the hone that no more Ger-mans would take exchange professor-ships at Harvard. This incident was (matched last fall when an Englishrraduate of Harvard threatened tojdeny the college a promised bequest,if it did not cease harboring ProfMunsterburg, a leading German processor. Incidents like these are not confine'!to episodes growing out of the war.There are -many people who would liketo see college teaching standardized,measured out into certain prescribed 'chunks. Many colleges could get thebuildings and bonded endowmentsthey want by agreeing to sell the kinded political or religious training thata, certain market demands.Witli growing refinement and education, there should be growing tole-lance. Actually crowing rennementoften means growing sensitiveness and '.UJluinuii c miLUBWiiiauv- ujuuuua.There are limits to the extravn-gances that can be permitted within ucollege campus. But if the brainy pro-lessor puts some immature notionstato a boy's head, some other teacherwith equal wit and more sanity willfcnock them out The trouble with thej j- j i- i i j. ..standardized teaching is that it im-Lparts no ideas, good or badi, to beknocked out, and the boy gets no mental enlargementSo let pro-Germans, anti-Germans,Socialists, Aristocrats, Democrats,Republicans, Prohibitionists, personalliberty men, all have their innings.The boy must some day grapple withthese and many more. Let him tryhis casuistry at a time when there areMen of insight at hand to correcterrors of extremists.x The Decline of Volunteer Work.A woman prominent in philanthrO'pies in another city was speaking the' other day of the difficulty of gettingTolunteer workers. Years ago, there. seemed to be a lot of young women-who could be secured to visit the sick. nd read to them, teach in mission"Sunday schools, etc. To-day she findsit almost impossible to get such work-ers.Probably the type of women whoused to do this work are now engagedin professional employment' Formerlythese girls remained in their homes,helped about the housework and hal- much leisure time. They were availa-. ble for all sorts of philanthropies.""'!Now they need all their free time for-, -xest and recreation.Thus the world gets on a morecommercialized basis. The unmarriedgirl who used to be visiting the sick is" now pounding a typewriter.But the family that has one orTmore girls having a regular incomeShould be in easier financial circumstances. The girl having become selfsupporting, the man of the family isrelieved from one drain on his income.Some of this will be absorbed by thomodern cost of living, but not all.The man who is relived from thesupport of his daughters should rolmefHber that years ago the womenused to carry on without pay manycharities and philanthropies. Nowmuch of this work has -to be paid for.'The work of women .has added newwealth to the community, some ofwhich should be returned to the phi-lresponsibility rests on people of bothSI 11U11. 1UO 1IU1UUU Ul VU1UULCC1 WUJLiVcrs is tno few to-dav. and oharitv ua field offering many satisfactions tomen and women of wealth."STORY "tZ k,s DISCUSSED AT U. OF K.Lucien Buck, exeprt in paper man-ufacture, a Paris boy, son of MrsEvelyn Buck, of Paris, spoke to sen-ors of the College of Mechanical andElectrical Engineering Friday morningon the industry, discussing at lenirthits history. Mr. Buck was formerly a by District Manager j. j. veaicn, o. poses a penaity for anyone tacking astudent at the University of Kentucky. Paris, when the following program cardboard or metal sign on any teleIle was until recently when called to was carried out, papers being read or phone, telegraph or fire alarm pole inbe general manager 'of the Parana orally delivered by the participants- the city, Yet is is being done. APaner Company of Brazil mechanical "Preface Long Distance Operating flagrant violation of the ordinance waser anrUclfasIng "gent 0 Practices," Miss Catherine Woods; """'mSM?Eastman Kodak Company. "Proper Co-operation of Operators Be- the comer ofjiain Fourth,The paper industry, which is 3,000 tween Themselves and With Other De- n.ack meet had bcen tacke(l upvears old, reached a stage of perfec- partments for Efficiency," Mr. W. H.tion only in recent years, he said, Cannon; "How to Become an Efficient.- ' - - w wfinally growing to enormous propor-tions. In 1915 the industry in theUnited States had reached a value ofS300.000.000. The United States con-sumed 6,000 tons daily in 1915.Kentucky was prominent in the'-'--'- - -- -rwiriv hinrv nf nnn.r Tiniifnrturonid Air Tinnir Th first, mill vpsr u coi,or,., j t,. ,,.," . . .jl uiic ououuciiuiiua jiici nua uiGeorgetown, established m 1793 byc , parke & ComDanvMr. Buck illustrated his addresswith lantern slides, showing variousphases ol paper manutactunng anamuch of its early history.GAME WARDENS ON ALERT.Game Warden Douelas Thomas. Srand a corps of assistants are makingevery effort to see that there are noEolations of the game and fish lawsalert every day and night to bringabout a proper respect for those lawsGame hogs and violators of the law!will he shown nn mpro.v nr ronsirlpra-linn Pifhoi oc rocrvprfc niro rvnlnr rrstation in life, and it is well that they at Little Rock, an invitation extendedshould govern themselves accordingly, by the local manager having been acA wholesome respect for the law will cepted. The guests at the next meetbe the means of conserving the fish ing will be transferred to Little Rocka."u Ka" suwmt vl uue uuuiu iuiU1 orfer to make the work mor-JL.Sfr-tS 55. i?! vT?rh.i??irS tte tollowta? welTinown sportserved, and the remainder of themen farmers as deputies: J. HarryT-'nlf Tlirio TT OAntr If On toclur- vW j.juo. j.i. v..tj , ui., uui..ju.7 i -Spears, Jas. D. McClintock, Benj.woouroru, jr., Lnanea spears, ru-i,us TX Clay' Roger Burris and AyeleitGEuckner.IT'S SURPRISINGThat So Many Paris People Fail ToRecognize Kidney Weakness.t..Are you a bad back victim ?Suffer twinges: headaches,dizzyspells?Go to bed tired get up tired ?It's surprising how few suspect thokidneys.It's surprising how few know whatto do.Kidnev trouble needs kidiiev treatment.I Doan's Kidney Pills are for the kid-ney's only,Have convinced people of Paris their"ii'Here is a Paris case;Paris testi-mony.-:,!,. enffovorc lioranhnnfc eTimil.1Kidnev sufferers hereaboutsrel(j j.Mr. Chas. McCord, So. Pleasant St.,Paris, says: "I have used Doan'r.Kidney Pills on different occasions.getting them from Oberdorfer's Drug, Store and I have found them a splendidmedicine. Whenever my kidneys have(been irregular in action or when my. . . mo T ,,n,rfl frtlinf1 H,afa box or so of Doan's , Kidney Pillsproves sufficient to cure me of the attack." Price 50c, at all dealers. Don'tsimply ask for a kidney remedy getDoan's Kidney Pils the same thatMrs. McCordn had . FosterMilburCo., Prop., Buffalo, N. Y.(Adv.)0WIRELESS BY TRUCK.One of the greatest difficulties inpolice work in the larger cities is theinability of the policeman or patrolman always to communicate with thecentral office. The ordinary policepatrol usually carries but two officers, one or whom Is driving, andthere ha)Ve been occasions when acall for assistance was necessary, butimpossible. The nearest means ofcommunication was too far away.Now the police department of NewYork City has solved this problem byinstalling a wireless apparatus oneach patrol. The radio apparatus ismounted within the chassis of thetruck, while two poles hold the aerialwires in place in the front and rear;and the transmitter is driven by thesame gasoline power which runs thecar. Thus the police truck is in constant communication with headquarters.TONY HOLDS UNIQUERECORD INBASEBALLBy pitching a ten-inning no-hitgame ias; week r for the CincinnatiJReds, Fred Tony supplemented a previous record he had held in baseball.While with Winchester in the Bluegrass League, Toney pitched a seventeen inning no-hit game. Last weekhe hurled another extra inning hitlessbattle. He is probably the only hurlerin the history of the game who canboast of two overtime hitless engagements. Besides he is the only pitcherwho can claim of having pitched oneof these games against an opponentwho also pitched no-hit ball for nineinnings.HELLO PEOPLE HAVEHELLOGELLOGOOD TIME.For several hours 'last Thursday1night, our sister city of North Middle-w..0 ..,.ephone & Telegraph Company, whomet in a combined business and so-cial session there. -' The "Good Will Club," composed'Cthe Company, met m the building othe company at North Middletown at8:30 o'clock Thursday night Mrs.0la Peters, manager of the North Mid-,dletown exchange, natt niacie specialand very appropriate arrangements torthe meeting for that purpose,The meeting was called to order. ......- -r TTT . i 1'ion uperator, miss lummu win,"Holding Toll Circuits," Miss JuliaEdwards; "Clearing Circuits,' MissHazel Kimball; receiving aus and, 1 ,,.. TT-li!. TT 1. iruruers, iuiss name iuBw, v-Porting Faulty Equipment and Condi-tions" Mrs. Bessie Gray; "baiesraan-ship," Miss Maude Day; "Some of My33xueriences as Chief Operator," Mrs---n t :. i.A,m;nn. Mv Mm,. pn.- - "',: rsition as Chief Operator," Miss MarySTmJr'VwDMStudy f o Bffl cie nc Mr W M.Necessity of System for Effi-A ttl"ciency in Any (Department," Mr. MinorCorman. .Resolutions were adopted commend-ing the good work of Mrs. E. C. Bur--in who retired from the service asn! ?l retirea lrom tue service aChief Operator, to assume a positionas bookkeeper forthe C. P. COOkGrocery Co., and expressing the appre-ciation of the operators and other em-vice -vitli the Home Company.ATl.- pnnirinp Vnnd? was olppfpd. . f nofor.,r nr tUa nnnA wiua:5,'aUllll OCVilblUlJ Ul l"V. UUUU 71111U1UU.The next meeting will be heldin automobiles and the company'strucks' At the conclusio11 o thebuisness session refreshments wereevening was uevoteu to uancing ana' nth Pf fnrms of amtlSfimGIlt.Those present and enjoying thelevenimr were: From Fans: Mr. j.J. Veatch, Mr. and Mrs. E. C. Burgin,Miss Catherine Woods, Mr. W. H. Cannon, Misses Minnie Carr, Julia Edwards, Hattie Hughes, Maude Day,Mary Sanders, Mrs. Bessie Gray,AToccrc T-Tnliorf Pnsp f!fM"rfA Tnslfrv flM. Napier, L. C.Taylor, William Bowl -. .:,, rr,,. rr cmu,, c r.,. ,, , . X .,nsie: lur. w. u. torman, misses uv- vork in stenography. Call Cumberlie Martin and Bertha Laughlin. Iulld pnone No. 278. Residence, PleasFrom Millersburg: Mr. Gano Duncan ant street, between Ninth and Tenth.and Miss Ethel Jones. From LittleRock: Mr. Albert Evans, Miss AnnieBolsom and Mr. Cletis Evans. FromShawhan: Miss Margaret McClure.PER NEILSON PUPILSTO GIVE RECITAL.Per Nielsen, certainly the most popular of the vocal teachers in Kentuckywho has a class of sixty-nine, fifteenof whom are from Paris, is giving hisfirst pupils' recital at Lexington College of Music Auditorium, Lexington,Ky., on Tuesday evening, May 8, at8:15 o'clock. From Paris, Mr. Nielsenhas chosen two of our well known, andalways most appreciated singers: Mrs.Frank Fithian, who will sing a groupof Grieg songs, which will be sung herofor the first time, and! Mr. Clay Sutherland, who will sing "My Homeland,"by Speakes, and "Ah, Love But ADay," by Protheroe. Miss ElizabethCrutcher, an excellent player and accqmpanist will kindly accompany tlwtwo singers, from Paris.TKe Oil Im Tobacco.Although the Havana or Ilornnaseed tobaccos are low in nicotine, theyare high in oil. The settlement In npipestem or the brown stai uobtaineofrom blowing tobacco smoke throujthe meshes, of a handUerchief Is notnicotine, as commonly supposed, butis in reality tobacco oil, nicotine onlybeing obtained in extract by an elaborate process of distillation and doubledistillation. The oil in cigar tobaccoprevents the smoke being inhaled, as itwould cause a strangulation and painCul irritation.itfi,.-.f Mtu -.y.i,.iV..fnU " i 4 AJ ECONOMY.T Fear to spend what we have,T nobly and on fit objects, is a4 mean kind of thing, but fear tosquander and to waste is wholesome and righteous. Economyis not miserliness, and there isa grandeur about moderationwhich is wanting in excess.Practice economy, but be sure itis of the right sort....Couldn't Corner Him.In the orchard of Jack's home wasone apple tree which bore particularlyfine apples ,and these Mere alwayssaved for special occasions. One day,however, the temptation proved tuogreat for the small boy, and whet hisfather looked for him he found him inthe prize apple tree. "Jack," he called,"what are you doing up there?" "Q,"replied Jack, with elaborate Indifference. " I just climbed up here to cooloff." KTEARING OUT BRIDGEiNititnuria inr-n.The work of tearing out the BlueSprings, has been under wayliiCK onuge wer uiciuiib xuycl h.J11C UIIU50 uucu iiwki. . ""'"Tv0rk completed in about twelve weeksTraffic between Parrc and Maysvilleand Carlisle and Maysville will beinrcea 10 go oy way in me oiuu&it: aim5KE ZeTAZodum Qf ms . and to pasg the ,nformation to othprs.VIOLATION OF LAW.An ordinance passed by the CityPnimr.il nf Paris some vears aeo im-vw--w--. -WAR MOTORS.One of themost importantwarthis111fiaslires to be nut throKUhin. . ...country is the mobilization ot motorvehicles and motor boats, the formerto be used in transporting militaryequipment and hospitalsupplies andthe latter to be used in coast defense.-, x -1- 1. 4-rlUn ttfit-hJjlStS Ol nimui uuis, wficuici n.the names of their owners and information concerning the drivers, are""-? B .inotor co tajDeen organized, the chauffeurs wearingappropriate and becoming uniformsNo woman is eligible to membershipin this corps unless she possesses achauffeur's license and is able tomake repairs even to the putting oneg Qf m women. n on th lists of motor w....na.,, iT'lnrli linvn hpon pnmnilpfl llVtue states and sent in to the Navy Deunncio ii.i i . v uv.. ,,... t...w jpartment. Great value is set uponof coast defense, inasmuch as it wasthe chief instrument which checkedthe German submarine activities in the. -. -"""" "-For Rent.Nice 4-room flat with water, gas andelectric lights over haVs rherconvenient location ino.iuu..IrariS. ARP1 tO(tf)CAHAL BROS.Stenographer.Mrs. James Moreland desires to remind the general public that she is' ill engaged in stenographic work,and that her expert services are at thedisposal of any one desiring expert(4-tf)AETNAAutomobile InsuranceCompanyFire, Theft, Collision,Liability and Property Damage.ETNA AUTO SERVICEPresenting an Aetna AutoIdentification Card to any agentof the Aetna in any part of thecountry places the agent's services at your disposal in theevent of your having an accident. The largest company in theUnited States writing auto insurance. kLa. J. FEE, Agent,rans, i.Mr.FarmerThis is the time of yearto give stock a tonic. Isell the bestSalvetStock and PoultryIonic.W. C. D0DS0NWool Wanted.We are in the market for your woolGet your sacks at the IndependentTobacco Warehouse.(1-tf) CLARK & YOUNG;.For Sale.Several used automobiles. Thesecars are all in good condition and canbe bought right for cash.DICKERSON & DOUGLAS GARAGE.(3-tf)LOSTSomewhere on the streets of Paris,on Friday, a black bar pin. Finderplease return to THE NEWS office.Suitable reward.Hemp Seed For Sale.Good cultivated hemn seed for sale.Call or writeSTANHOPE WIEDEMANN,.(10-tf) Route 8, Paris, Ky.For SaleOne set of dining room furniture, iafirst-class condition. Call HomePhone 96, Parts. iFor Rent.Nice cottage on Winchester street.Just across L. & N. tracks. Conveniently located.FIRST NATIONAL BANK.(3-tf)For RentThree nice rooms, with electriclights and gas. Call at115 DUNCAN AVENUE.(3-tf)Wanted.One hundred barrels of corn. CallI. D. THOMPSON,Cumb. Phone 628,(10-tf) Paris, Ky.For Rent.in ice ground floor room in residenceon Pleasant street, near Tenth, convenient to L. & N. station and posteffice. Only desirable roomer wantedGas, bath, etc. Call this office.Notice To the Public!I will pay this season the nighesrprices that have ever been known inParis for horse hides, beef hides,heej) pelts and furs.I will also pay the highest marketprice for Rags and Paper. I will sendafter it any place In ihe city. Callby Cumberland phone 374. Ofllce onEighth Street(20-oct-lyr) MAX MUNICH.ASHLEY FARMStock SaleThursday, May 10, 1917The sixth annual sale of cattle, sheep, hogs and mules will beheld at Ashley Farm, 4 miles west of Versailles, on Clifton pike,May 10, 1917.On above date we will sell 3154 mules and 3 horses.40 Steers 600 to 800 lbs., high-grade,40 Steers 600 to 850 lbs., good;0 Steers 550 to 700 lbs., plain;10 Steers 500 to 600 lbs., good;30 Steers 400 to 500 lbs., good;20 Steers 400 to 500 lbs., plain;15 Calves 400 to 500 lbs., high-grade;15 Heifers 600 to 800 lbs., high-grade(bred) ;10 Heifers 600 to 650 lbs., good (open)15 Heifers 550 to 650 lbs., plain (open)30 Heifers 650 to 750 lbs., plain (bred)15 Heifers with calves at foot;lb Cows with calves at foot;2 Jersey Heifers with calves;REMARKS: These cattle have been well wintered, some dryfed, dehorned and just right and ready for grass. These sheepare strictly high grade and most of lambs have been trimmed.The shoats have been following cattle, are healthy, just right forcorn and clover. Mules and horses ready for work.Come to the sale.ALL.Will beTERMS Four months bankable note, 6 per cent, interestfrom date of sale.Sale promptly at 10:30.EDWARDS BROS.Phone 35-20 ,RESOLUTIONDesignating Certain Steetsof Paris to Be Paved.CITY HALL, PARIS, 'KT.,April 26, 1917.Be it Resolved by the Mayor andBoard of Council of the City of Paristhat the following streets of the Cityof Paris, Ky., shall be paved:High Street from Broadway to Torteenth Street;Main Street from Tenth Street toTwentieth Street, and such improvement is hereby declared to be a necessity. Tbe said improvements shall bemade upon the following basis:One-third of said cost and expenseshall be borne by the owners of thereal estate abutting on one side of suchimprovements, and one-third shall beborne by the owners of real estateabutting on the other side of such Improvements, and the remaining onethird shall be borne by the City ofParis, but where a street railway orinterurban runs across, on or alongany street to be improved, suoh streetrailway or interurban shall be remiired to pay for so much paving on sucnfstreet as under its franchise and grantfrom the City it is required to build,! keep up and maintain, and the portion,to be borne by the City shall be reduced by the portion which is to beborne by such interurban or streetrailway, and in the event the City paysfor 1-3 of such improvements, it maystill recover from such interurban orstreet railway its portion aforesaidof the expense of such paving. Butsuch Railway Company shall have theright to construct its own part o suchproposed improvement, and if it shalldo so no tax shall be assessed againstsuch company, provided, however, thatsuch company shall, before the lettingof the contract for such improvements,elect by written request presented tothe Board of Council, to construct itspart of such improvement, and shal1execute a bond to the City with goodand sufficient surety to be approvedby the Mayor conditioned that it willdo the work of improving such part ofthe street with such material and according to such plans and specifications and within such time and subject to such provisions as the ordinance therefor prescribed. The exnense to be borne bv the abuttingproperty, owners is in addition to the.the cost of any pavements or curbingwmca uie property owners are required to pay exclusively.In addition to the proportion of theexpense of the Improvements to beborne by the City above set out, theCity shall also pay the cost of theimprovements of intersections withother public ways, including onehalf of the width of the street or alley,being improved, besides other streetsor alleys which run into, but do notI cross the street or alley so being improved, and of that (proportion of anyI street abutting upon property belong-ing to the city, and shall pay the costsI of all improvements where adbuttingowner is public school, cemetery,'county, State or United States.The cost to be borne by the abutiting property owners shall be apportioned among and assessed upon thelots or parcels of real estate abuttingfeetSaid improvements shall be made onjthe ten year payment plan, subject toall the terms and provsions of the actunder which this resolution is passed,being Chapter 113 of the Acts of Kentucky, of 1916.J. T. HINTON,Mayor of the City of Paris, Ky.Attest:J.W. HAYDEN, Clerk.cattle, 135 sheep, 100 hogs,10 Heifer calves, high-grade;10 Heifer calves, plain;1 Pure-bred Shorthorn bull, 2-yrs.old;1 Pure-bred Shorthorn bull, yeaiiijg;1 Pure-bred Angus bull, 2-yrs-old;1 Pure-bred Hereford bull, yearling;4 Pure-bred Shorthorn bull calves;135 Ewes, 160 lambs;J-0 Shoats, 50 to 100 lbs.;5 Sows and pigs;5 Sows and gilts (bred) ;4 2-yr-old mules, been worked;?, 3-yr-old horses, been worked, one ofthem fancy;1 10-yr-old mare, gentle for children.glad to see you. LUNCH .FOR4ArJ;BtliYar Bn4, Auc, Vtrsailks, Ky.r -"TUESDAY, MAY 8,1817.THE BOURBON NEWS, JARIS, KKPAGE THR1ANNOUNCEMENT.We are authorized to announce thogood Democrats below as candidatesRt the Democratic primary on August4. 1917, to fill the offices to whichthey aspire:FOR STATE SENATORLEE W. WAINSCOTT,Clark County.GEORGE HON,Clark County.ABRAM RENICK,Clark County.FOR REPRESENTATIVE.C. M. THOMASFOR SHERIFF.WILL. G. McCLINTOCK,..... Doo Marshall and Bob Gilkey asdeputies.L. A. SOPER,With D. E. Clarke and L. C. Ashcraftas deputies.FOR COUNTY JUDGE.GEORGE BATTERTONc. a. McMillan.FOR COUNTY ATTORNEYDAVID D. CLINE.COUNTY SUPERINTENDENTSCHOOLS.J. B. CAYWOOD.MISS MABEL ROBBINS,OFFOR JAILERGEO. W. JUDYTHOS. TAUL,JOHN H. DOTY,WALKER RISER,C. T. MASTERSON,W. O. BUTLER,JOHN W. KING,J. W. HART.FOR ASSESSORWALTER CLARK,it Paris, with Jno. J. Redmon, of NorthNIddletojvn, as deputy.GEO. D. SPEAKES,of Paris, with Lee R. Craven, of LittleRock at Deputy.FOR MAYORJAMES H. MORELAND.W. O. HINTONE. B. JANUARYFOR POLICE JUDGECLAUDE P. REDMON,J. W. BROWN,P. A. THOMPSON.HARRY L. MITCHELL.ERNEST MARTINCANDIDATES WARNED OF NEW"CORRUPT PRACTICE ACT.'It is highly important for candidatesfor office In Kentucky to familiarizethemselves with the provisions of the"Corrupt Practice Act," passed by theLegislature of 1916.It is compulsory that each candidate file with the County Clerk orproper official an itemized statementof expenses incurred during his campaign, such, as printing, stationery,stamps, stenographers, rent for publichalls for speaking, and all other expenses incurred pertaining to his election. Such papers must be filed fifteen days before the primary, and alsofifteen days before the regular election. The penalty for failing to complywith, this law, is a fine in any sum notto exceed ?5,000, or to be confined inthe county jail not to exceed sixmonths, or both.The BOURBON NEWS has been appointed as agent in Bourbon countyto handle and sell the Thomas Kentucky Election Forms, which areused for this purpose. With theseforms it is no trouble to keep an accurate account of expenditures, etc.These forms are reserved and protected by law; by the Cadiz Record, ofOadlzKy.All candidates are required to makethese statements, and the easiest andbest way is to purchase one of theseforms now. The price is $1.50. Comein and see one, and give us your order.We have samples to show, but willhave to send in orders to Cadiz forstock. We are going to send in anorder next week. Liet yours come withtie restTHE BOURBON NEWS,(tf) Paris, Ky.K-H-I-X 1 H-I H-I-HLOOKING FOR TROUBLE.There is no virtue in bearingcrosses of our own making.Many a misguided man praysfor strength to bear burdensthat do not belong to him andfop grace to endure trials thathe has gone out of his way tomake for himself. Life's blessings outweigh its burdens, itsjoys outnumber its griefs, and ahealthful outlook is quiteasnecessary as a prayer for grace-tLIH-!-M!Ii:ii:iI"i-i-viAn Ancient Houm."Tte ancient Romans had ft catapult'hat coold hurl rocks more than auiil.n"Now 1 understand it""What?""My landlord told me the home was, , tiio dMt Hemust have had it on his hand linethe time of the CaesarsAfter several year of experimentiue Turkteh ciaarette tobacco of highsaality is biac rateed in German BastSCORES ATTESTTANLAUWERITSKentuckians Place Stamp ofApproval on Tonic.HAS ENVIABLE REPUTATIONWhen a medicine is vouched for byhundreds iu a .state like Kentuckythere can be no doubt as to its merit.Kentuckians are not easily led to makepublic statements about anything.They are inclined io test a remedythoroughly before placing their 0. K.on it. Therefore Tanlac's originatorsare proud to point to the hundreds oftestimonials given voluntarily by people of the Blue Grass State. Here urnsample statements:BLTJELICK SPRINGS Augustus Bryant, farmer: "I am thankful for rhogood my wife got from Tanlac. Fornearly seven years she was trouble.!mm iier biomacii. aii sorts of medi- 1cines failed to help her until she tried jlanlac. e keep it in the house alluiu Lime now diiu always recommend ,it.'BERRY-Mrs. Minnie Terry: "I amglad of an onooitunitv tn tii miiot 'how much I appreciate Tanlac. Oth-er members of my family have usedit with equally good results. I feelwe must keep it in the home all th"";; A1 ,T .. r ,. ington, is a patient at the Massie Me-AL?R:M?.-,?f C,ec.1,: , . "Indl- 'morial Hospital, in this city..r. .?.. . .:.,. . "" lyiy lo Isleep well at night had underminedmy health. I would wake tired andwas very nervous. Since taking Tanlac I eat heartily, sleep well and feslbetter than in years."HEIDELBERG Donald II. Prince:"Acute indigestion, dizziness andanemia caused me to become all run-1rx-n T lout- io-l-i- inrl liw1 vi- -... I"v "- .v.cl. uu uuu iiu uh- .ergy. Taniac has meant moreweight, good appetite and soundsleep. It took five bottles but theresults were worth it." '. -FROM AMERICA TOFRANCE-wACjmvnmAv 77 ,. , 'lass. on Main street. J cure recruits lor the army and auos-WASHttJGTON, May . Madame; Mr. Charlton Clay, of "March- - ing the munition makers a .profit of 50uJoffre, wife of the Marshal of France, 'm0nt," was the host at a pleasant per cent on their best salable wares,i?- ?? i get a fine bis sur-ced gathering of the members of the C. A. 1 wherein the great and good GovernVirginia. ham, a gift from Mrs. Wood-,T club, at the Country Club, near ment 8i10Ws how great and good it is.row Wilsonwhen the Marshal returns , -Lexington, Friday night As soon as the munition makers andto Pans. When the Marchal was call 1 nr t pnkenstein. a Cincinnati r,a ntmtri und tent-makers anding at tne White House, Mrs. Wilson'learned that Madame Joffre was verysult jn tne case of Mrs. C. T. Stone,fond of American ham, which is very wi10 is very m with Bright's diseasescarce in France. Mrs. Wilson sent to 'at her nome on souUi Main street.Virginia and procured' an extraordi-1 va nimriPR Hondrix and littlenarily fine ham and sent it to MarshalJoffre, asking him to take it back toMadame Joffre with ner compliments.The ham, carefuUy packed, will goiul uio iua.iauu.ia uerauuai BU.eci3when he leaves the United States.GET RID OF YOUR RHEUMATISM.XT 4. i x- x 4. -i 'near Lexington, Friday night, was aNow 1st he time to get rid of yourt V ? ivntl 1- iinnnr nf rirrheumatismYou will find Chamber-,Iain's Liniment a great helpThe re-lief which it affords is alone worth Jmany umes us cosu , . Uie hostess on theunay-auj occasion. Among the guests who enjoyed the evening with Miss AlexanBRITISH SPENDING der were Misses Besse Buckner HollaMILLIONS IN AMERICA day, Ollie Butler and Sallie LockharnWASHINGTON, May 7. Another !loan to Great Britain within the nextweek was forecast by officials here today. The first credit of $200,000,000 isbeing spent at a rate of $8,000,000 aday on purchases in the UnitedStates and it is desired to completethe second loan before the Britishcommission leaves Washington and before the first is entirely used up. Itprobably will be larger than the firstcredit.PROPER FOOD FORWEAK STOMACHSThe proper food for one man may beall wrong for another. Every oneshould adopt a diet suitable to his agaand occupation. Those who haveweak stomachs need to be especiallycareful and should eat slowly andmasticate their food thoroughly. It isalso important that they keep theirbowels regular. When they .becomeconstipated or when they feel dull andstupid after eating, they should takeChamberlain's Tablet tx strengthenthe stomach and move the bowels.They are easy to take and pleasant ineffect(may-ad v)TO FIGHHT INCREASE ,IN WHEAT PRICES.OTTAWA, May 7. Announcementpnade in Parliament by SirWflSThnniM White. Minister or Finance,) that plans are under way for joint action by Canada ana tne uuaeu owito reduce the price of wheat.Sir Thomas said the price of flour,wheat or any other necessity could nottA rflfnilated bv the Canadian. Government alone. To be successful thej regulation of food prices must be the'olmnlfanMlltn aCUOn OL IUB UIULtJUIstotesaiid Canada, he declared.He stated that Sir George Foster,the Canadian Minister or. Traue anuCommerce, now in Washington, is discussing with the American authorities the fixing of maximum prices forwheat on the whole of Uie NortiiAmerican continentFOR YOUR CHILD'S COUGH.Here's a pleasant cougn syrup uiulHere's a pleasant cough syrup thatPine-Tar-Honey. If your cnua uasdeep hacking cougn tnat worries )UUgive him Dr. Bell' Pine-Tar-Honey,the soothing iplne balsams relieve thecough, loosens the phlegm and healsthe irritated tissues. Get a bottle today at your druggist ana start trea-.,m9at at one. 2fic.(miy-adr)SOCIAL AJND PERSONAL, iComings and Goings of OurPeople Here, There andElsewhereMrs wr,i ttih1q ,! i,oved to Lexington to reside in themovfuture.Miss Ollie Butler has returnedfrom a visit to friends in Huntiwrtoc,West Virginia.-Mrs. A. L. Slicer, of South Mainstreet, is visiting her sisters, in Colum-bus and Greenfield, Ohio.-Mr. and Mrs. Luther Mclntyreand little daughter, Thelma, are visit-ing relatives in Clay City.Trofa niifiA- tvto mi ii,..Kate Butler Mann, little daughterof Mr. and Mrs. Whittington Mann, isV-Mr Isaac N KeUef who has beenni fnrfhit Avn w!ICo?i?vTlKf ?fnSnear aerton is vmprovingMrs. James George has returnedto her home in Carlisle, after a visitto friends and relatives in this city.cityProf. T. A. Hendricks,Superintendent of the Paris City Schools,made a business trip to Cincinnati.Friday...njnnnf;Miss Margaret Ferguson has re-turned from a visit to her uncle, Dr.Wiio-h Aurioro. nf T.oovanwnrtiiHughat Leavenworthaa.a.u.wa wrKansas.Mr. Wayne Lafferty, of the L. & N.lias returned from a visit. trnig'grandm - other, Mrs. Fannie Lafferty, inCyntliiana.Mrs. George Hamilton, of TwoRivers, Wis., lias arrived for a visit toW mother. Mrs. J. S. Sweenev. on1 - -- 1 'Higgins avenue.Mrs. Robert Goggin has returnedt. 1' - r.J -y,s,t to her mother Mr" S M Wil-fh mi Huston avenue.mot?v2 utl' anMa1. nfU... " , ,i r t? :"tl, "., " nvMr. Luicen Buck, of RochesterNew York, was a guest last week ofhis mother, Mrs. Evelyn Buck, andhis sister, Mrs. John Yerkes.Mr. and Mrs. W. K. Griffin and little daughter, Blanche, have returned tliiana Democrat, voices his indignafrom a visit to Mr. Griffith's mother, tion in being asked to donate valuaMrs. Rachel Griffin, in Fairview, Ohio, hie advertising space to the Govern-Mrs. John W. Jameson and daugli ment free. THE NEWS is just as-.. . ....lCi ""- ttlt.Ci xo, ... .,, ...day - for a visit to Mr. and Mrs. Pal-mer Graham, at Crawfordsville, Indi-jana.- .. Jin Unitni. uariirac -im 1 1 novo rn.Mrs. Wallace Douglas anu ntuuison, of Millersburg, and Mrs. KeithPhillips, of Memphis, Tenn., are to give free of charge their best salaHAM! guests of Mr. and Mrs. James Doug- hie wares advertising space to se-cnnniicf wn Tip last week to conson wi10 iiave been guests of Mr. andMrs. Jack Woods, on Eighth street, forgeVeral days, have returned to theirhomB lrL Cecilian. Ky. Mrs. Hendrix'fotl,Qr ATi- Tnnlr Wftvs who lias Deeil, Uw..x. , -.--. - ,seriously ill for several weeks, is somewhat improved.One of the pleasing events attend-".yj?rw ,7 o,i ,!,nkoxlnn rioTT-oi-fi Tn 11 f h prtv firm nlS,,: -o n.i.r. uMiminvM cR Migg Kate MQXSLnae'vIianceu, iuaa Dcaac uuuruci a.x.v"". i'and Dr. James A. Orr, all of Paris, andl-r n.u...i.. Trrnoa i-v-P T .ovlnc-trmMr. Baldwin Respass, of Lexington.(Other Personals on Page 5)WHY, OH, WHY?Paris urchins and many others oflarger growth are wondering why Parisis missing all the circuses this season.The towns all around us on the Louisville & Nashville have had visitationsfrom this popular forms of amusemententerprises, but so far not one haseven pointed its nose in the directionof Paris. A good circus or two wouldtend to liven up things considerably.and would help to relieve the dull mo -notony of existence as she exists inParis.SCHOOL BOYS ON THE FARMDesiring that Kentucky shall do herfull share in raising1 abundant crop3in view of the unusual demand forfarm products by reason of the war,the State Board of Education has passed resolutions urging that teachersand trustees organize every school district into an efficient force to aid inevery possible way the nation in itsfight for righteousness and humanityAnd that the pupils in the .publicschools above the age of twelve yearswhose standing is such that there willbe no question of their promotion orgraduation and who may regularly en-- : 11. .o. olmll lioiro tVlfkRPgage in agriculture, shall have thesernfQ nmdered in lieu of the IUUcompletion of the term's work. Thisprovision to apply only to the work ofthe term ending June, 1917.Appius Claudius.Appius Claudius, surnamed Caecuathe blind), was a Roman statesmanwho lived during the third century before the Christian era. He was a Ro-man censor, 312 to 308, and consul, 307to 29G. He commenced the Appianway and completed the Appian aqueduct. From his Roman jurisprudence,oratory, grammar and Latin prose datetheiv beginning. He abolished the limitation of the full right of citizenshiptc landed proprietors. In his old aghe is said to have become blind, whencehis cognomen '"Caecui." He was theauthor of works in both prose andverse, of which almost nothing isknoTrn.A girl keetps her relatives in theSS" toU ftSSSIbockground during courtship, but theyaft. ,bureau of vital statisticsURGES REGISTRATIONA srLt many applications are being received by the? Bureau of VitalStatistics at Bowling Green, Kentucky,T certified copies of birth certificates" ? V0 are antciPatinS enliat-ment in the army and navy or arermyJfiT ?oori;f"Mf f pp1 JB!!BS.ttable "ia thse reQSoaairinrr n;:i o-. i ;xServiceuumpueu wiui owing toSSLJS? laW haS 0nly been iu""f i,"' hMin !:': . , r DU,uum uu 1CU""J Ilr fjJ0? aiLd e? V11J"?6 b?be should hf? its b!rth .m8d?nd, ?6 prepar?d 'or SUVtime m tne future as vill demand itsw,, ,, m. , uTriAS 1 nnSnTTTiZSso stronS Pinted out 8 necessibirth registration as at present.ReBlstration means that each childwm be M establish its identity,w .. ., ., p n,Jttt,? off ntra rtf ii- :Ld !lls' pe ? aAe'inh'r:!itance, prove age when applying for !Civil Service nnsit.inn. acre of ability 1 1"j ' 4T " i... !-. .. ..1...1 .-i- . - . -w fV J J .,UUUB1 IXXD la" "O0 iv" awluv,' ""tary duty, and protection under theChild Labor Law; also the name, age.occupation and nationality of its parents Certainlv 7 asse : for everyenis. certainly a yiuu ubbet lor everchild.The Vital Statistics law makes itcompulsory on the part of physiciansana miuwives to reipori. au uuluh tothe nearest registrar and this recordbe kept in fire-proof vaults by theState Bureau. There are some who aredisregarding this law and they maynrtek . Mnar.atntr .... tll nVorn"A '. ,r "z; " , ...ment in its efforts to guard every re-source- The U. S. Census Bureau andthe Bureau of Vital Statistics proposeto investigate in every county thebirth returns and if unable to get alllecords will urge the prosecution ofany violations.WE SECOND THE MOTION.Editor James M. Allen, of the Cyn-.. .... . .ii,-..v.i.r nnfi mr n inn amonran :i:suiuivuguijr pamuuv, uu , ..any others in America, and we heai-tily affirm our support of the positiontaken by Mr. Allen in the following:The great and good uniteu statesGovernment is asking the newspapersStandard Oil Co. and a few more 01the big trusts give all they have tosell free to the Government, we'll bejust as generous and donate what wehave to sell and not oeiore.THB NEWS acknowledges receipt ofL aoUDie column plate contributionI - iieadnuarters of the First Itegi-mant nt. inisville. asking for freespance on the front page, which it isnot possible to grant, under existingcircumstances. We will consider ourhome people firstB-4 TIREInsure withW.O. HINTON &SON,AgtsCOTTAGE BURNED.Tiir rrttn"-P tntrfither with all its!rf,ntpnft, on the farm 0f Mr. John. . . a isiHaskins, near Austerlitz, occupied uyMr. and Mrs. John Sayler, was destroyed by fire. They lost all their possessions, including ,$150 in currency,which was in a trunk. No insurance.Fire, wind and lightninginsurance.Thomas,Woodford &BryanCOBB'S DESCRIPTION"A nice, large, juicy oyster withoutj a shell, 3ust waiting wr bome ouwiui an oysier luik, tu v;uinca u.iuil&.So does Irvin Cobb, Kentucky-bomworld rover, accurate observer andword painter, describe the UnitedState. No more fitting descriptioncould be condensed into so fewwords. Ready for the oyster fork ofany militant and aggressive nationwhich determines that it needs and resolves to take the oyster lying readyfor its fork is this country to-day.Peppered with spices, seasoned withpropaganda of pacifists, redolent withthe countless millions of gold wrungfrom the aeony of the Allies who arefighting the fight of freedom, the United States is protected from the forkof Germany only by the natives ot tneAllies.Should peace come without the participation of the United States in thewar. further than to wring from theneed of the Allies the millions thatnave been paid for food and munitionsof war, what obligation would therebe upon any nation in the world toarray itself in protection of the UnitedStates? Should Germany or Japan orany other nation decide to use thefork and spear the oyster so as to satisfy its hunger with the juicy morselthis nation now presents, where wouldthis nation find friend?OSCAR T. HINTONVICTOR A. BRADLEYand J. CRAIG BRADLEYannounce that they have formeda partnership for the generalpractice of law and equity, underthe firm name ofHinton, Bradley andBradley,with office: in ..the Bourbon-Ag-riculturaL Bank & , Trust Co.iiiuiiuing, rariB, ivy.'H iniii i ni" t fm 11 mil miiH 1 1 1 iiiI Sole AgencyI STACY -ADAMS1 SHOES$7-oo and $7-50Take Advantageand SaveeI HARRY LINVILLE1''I'iI'iI'iIii'ai1'11'1'l'l'l'4'''I"I'CMl'I..Il..l..l...T..i..i....2,.;..i..2.4,4Mt.;"I"I"I"f'The Charm of,A satisfyingpresentationof SmartStreet Gowns,dainty and becoming HouseDresses.An Attractive Selection 0!SportsClothesthat are practicaland economical.The McCallPatented Cutting and Construct i 0 nMcCall Pattern No. 7719.Many other new designslor MayGuide, furnished free with each pattern, insures a perfect-fitting gar-II ment;; McCaUPatternsforMayNowonSaleIHARRY.4t.n nn-EverybodyTelephone 2585KnowsAll Metal(Higcins Mfg. Co.) .XWindow ScreensWeather StripsWALGER AWNINGSBest Screen Doors and Windows InThe World.Window and Door Equipments.T. A. HENDRICKSLEXINGTON, KY,A MAN AND HIS WIFELEVY, THE DRY CLEANER'Cumberland PKone 40 Hom Mmm 169-2 'of These PricesMoney.Early SummerPrevails inMcCALL DESIGNSFOR MAY1 & 1ink Alii " "'It i ;ml ?i -lV W r3 "if W '::McCall Pattern Xo. 773?.Jlaiiv other attractivedcsiua for 3JaySIMONitf i 1 hh h n 1 1 1 1 1 1 1HendricksLexington Ky.irmay both derive saiisf action- Yby having their worn and soilefi 'garments cleaned by us. The vcost is nominal, while the peas") "ure of wearing old clothes thathave the appearance of new, . ;;-conjunction with the knowledge,that you are effecting a greatving, must surely satisfy you. ', A phone brings ua.Hirtmf'jtVtnvW'I1iiItIAfrica.riKFOURTHE BOURBON NEWS, PARIS, KY.tTUJUaUAX, MAX' , A. - --fji,The Bonbon NewsEstablished 188136 Yearstlnlons Publication.of Con-MISS CHINN ADDRESSESMEETING AT COURT HOUSE.I FARMERS' AND BUSINESS jMEN'S PATRIOTIC MEETING-4 ' iTHE LEXINGTONRACES.ANNIVERSARY DAY OFr EPWORTH LEAGUE.An audience composed of women andmany of the sterner sex gathered at among a knot of businessFriday, the sixth day of the races atWhat started as a bit of pleasantry the Lexington track, drew a big at-men and tendance from all over the State.GUS WELSH TO BE PROMOTED.Gus Welsh, of Lexington, SergeaatParis Chapter No. 485, Epworth in Co. B., Signal Corps. K. N. G..League, observied the anniversary day several members of which, are doingi the court house in tills city Saturday farmers on the street yesterday, may Paris and Bourbon County lovers of at the Methodist Church in Paris, Sun- duty "somewhere in Paris," will prob-Bublished Every Tuesday and Friday. ' afternoon, to attend the patriotic meet- become crystalized into a movement the sport were there in large numbers, day, with an appropriate program ren- ably be promoted to Lieutenant of thePer Year... $2.00 Six Months... $1.00 ing which had been called at the sug- fraught with great possibilities for some came home with expenses, while dered by fifteen members at 7:30 Company, to succeed Lieut. Geo. B.Payable in Advance. 'gestlon of the Paris Federation of Wo- good to the people of Bourbon county others whose lucky star was in the o'clock. Bush, resigned. Co. B. is still in themen's Clubs, of which Mrs. Fanniebelle A "kidding" match started among the ascendant, Angered several more fives There was a large crowd in attend- State service, and its appointments areW1FT CHAMP, Editor and Owner. Sutherland is the worthy president. members of the crowd who were giv- ana tens than they took up with them, nace, and the program was thoroughly made at Frankfort In a letter re-As president of the organization ing Mr. Jonas Weil, the stock buyer, jr-he form players generally had a bad enjoyed. The general theme was "The cently Adjutant General Tandy EllisI which had suggested the meeting, Mrs. a good time, when to their surprise. (jay wjth the card. Postmaster, in the Epworth Tree," representing the fruits praised the members of the Signal(Entered at the Paris, Kentucky, Sutherland presided. She pointed! out Mr. Weil made a fervid patriotic second race, was the longest-priced of the Epworth League. The day was Corps, and as being well pleased withPoetoffice as Mail Matter of the sn explaining the objects of the meet- speech, in which he took them to i,nr;A of the dav. Davine 30 to 1. celebrated with services centering in their services.Second Class.)a m las-v'rling that it had been called for the .task for not raising more foodstuffs Alexander Joseph, a Greek, who con- the symbolism of the fruitful tree.; express punpose of considering what on their farms. Mr. Weil made an ducts a shoe-shining parlor on Main Each year for several years the Epiivmiiri nvontnniiv nrnvn. as irrp.at a nues- address lasting: nearly an hour, durintr - t T.avino-tnn u-nn n thrpp- worth Leagues have rfven about $30.-',.. v.. v.v j m, 0 ---- - - . - onceu, m &Wn, .." ... r . ' ' .. J..t. .:,t Vllrirtin nf nrmnpm to thp -pnnntrv as the wiiicn time tnose who bad come to i...o, .rwViSnoHv. fnr whioii lite 52 oou to missionary work, tuis year tne " . tuuuuu wiuiuut ai""u "nrospect of war itself the practice of scoff remained to praise. hrniieht him back $699.20. He was Epworth League Anniversary Day reg-, bending has been patented by a MhA simple machine for feeding wireeconomy in the households of the city As a result of the speech the farm- the oniy man that selected Eastern isters twenty-eight years since theand the comity, and the conservation , ers became imbued with a sense of princess, Opportunity and Intone. The meeting in Cleveland, which resultedof foodstuffs, not absolute stinginess, duty and patriotism left undone. They two-horse combination of Bedtime in the formation of the distinctivebut economy wisely and judiciously ad- held a meeting and appointed Mr. N. stories and Soshis paid $244.15. Young Peoples' Society, and marks theministered and fostered. She appeal- Ford Brent as a committee of one to rpne winners of the seven events twenty-third year .since the Epworthled to the patriotism of those present' confer with the county officials and wprP. First race. Chieftain: second League was formed into a separate'and asked them by individual example business men of Paris. It is proposed race Postmaster; third race, Bedtime connectional department of the church.; to help along the movement, in which to hold a rousing big patriotic mass stories; fourth' race, (substituted) It is to-day the largest denominationalithe women of the country were soj meeting of ramers and business men sosius;' fifth race, Eastern Princess; society of young people in the world.! greatly interested and in which they in the court house in Paris next Sat- sjxth race, Opportunity; seventh race, i! proposed to do their share. urday afternoon at three Vclock. The Int0ne. j ? hef Proam was Pened W1h aI She told of the work that is being object of the meeting will be to bring ; Saturday, the sixth day of the Lex- Jun. . Miss . nnie1 K f,!done throughout the county by the the farmers of Bourbon county to a ington meet, proved the downfall of O Neill, at the organ, followed by the! girls of the Canning Club, and closed realization of the serious shortage in many of the knowing ones who were invocation by the pastor, Rev. W. O.'her remarks by introducing to the au-, foodstuffs, to raise more, to provide sure they could play two dollars and Sadler- .Mter Uie responsive readingidience the principal speaker of the af- the labor for so doing, and to put the reap a harvest. They had the harvest of the sixty-fifth psalm, the choir sangAt a meeting of the City Board of terooon, Miss Aubyn Chinn, of the loafing element to work where they an right, but it was one of regrets. "" nyu YVj v ww iEducation held last Thursday night, Agricultural Extension Division of th2 may do some good. 1 There was a large crowd at the f ome ?y' Harrison readthe following teachers were elected as" University of Kentucky, at Lexington.' The movement has been launched track, and the seven events were well the oId Testament lesson, followed bymembers of the faculty of the Paris Miss Chinn, who has had a large and in all seriousness and earnestness run The track was muddy and the J)rayer- After singing of the hymn,piihlln Chorl Vt flm crnnl o.n p vaofl ovnnpionpo nc n fminpfl wnrl-pp and Mr. "Rrpnt as thp onmmittea of nnp. ! i,.. i,i oi rlicncrrapnMp Trjiolr ' 0 JesUS, I Promised, by the COngre-rffc. M.MA.A.W VUVVA A. Wi U1U OVllUUl llA. Ul Ul IQ.11L.U UAIU1 iVllWV J V M . vx ww --- ----- - ... v vv . - - .... IVV -1 I.I If I IJIU UliU UlkJU.A VWM ba -wneapolis inventor.TEACHERS ELECTED.'and who is an authority on economics, undoubtedly did the right thing, en- an(j weather conditions caused manygation, and reading ot the lesson fromlaiT-ioic.j.a--a.a.u. -illiu 11U 13 till uuuiuiii.t vii ciiuuuiuiwi, uuuuuuiv,u... u' ''-' .tjw w..Bf w. HJlil WtJULUUI. CUllUlLluiio i-auocu i"""j , - 1.4.1 -7 0E. T. Proctor, M. C. White, C. C. 'is a mst convincing and eloquent man- listing the aid of the press in giving withdrawals, interfering seriously with,1" -ew x rawuiwu' uie """" jDawes, Mrs. Ernest Harris, Mrs. E. T. ner, presented to her auditors an expo- publicity to the movement. ithG running of several events. the Prgram as fol.ows was earnedProctor, Mrs. E. A. Stone, Mrs. Evelyn sition of "Cheap Substitutes for Foods i We may "have the men, the guns Governor Stanley was one of the out:Buck, Mrs. Ada Fishback, Misses That Are Scarce' and "Grain and Veg- and the monej'," as some one has 'raost interested spectators at the track. Address, ""Fruits of the EpworthLeona Wiardi, Frances Butler, Jessie etables as Substitutes for Meat and aptly stated, but it is a solemn truth ;ije spent most of the afternoon in the League President Dennis V. Snapp;Crisp, Blanche Lilleston, Mary Layton, Bread." Miss Chinn is a pleasing and that "an army fights on its stom-;jOX 0f Senator Camden and tne Duet, "Is There Room For Me?" Mrs.Bessie Purnell, Julia Clarke, Macie fascinating speaker, and held the un- achs," and an ill-fed soldier makes si ! judges' stand. He was called upon to !jame's Grinnell and Mrs. S. T. Chipley;Talbott, Daisy Detweiler, Sallie Wha- divided attention of the assembly from . poor soldier. The farmers of the 'present the trophy which Senator Cam- A(ifirPeoPS "Fruits of Spiritual Work "ise of her truly county, Mr. Brent said, had been sud :(len donated to the winner of the race Mi s h Power. "Fruits of SocialFOR RENT.Beautiful Brick Cottage onStreet. Modern Improvements,sonable.Call Cumberland Phone 410.HignRea-ley, Lizzie Lenihan, Claire Brannon, ' the beginning to the closeMariam Curry, Anna Farrell and Jen- common-sense talk. At the conclusion denly brought to a realization of their and after delivering this to Jeffersonnie Howard. j'of her address a number of women unpreparedness by Mr. Weil's speech ! Livingston, the owneY of Colonel Ven-Miss Louie Bruer, who tendered her came forward and signified their will-'and they now propose to get busy jnie( added that in times of war, horses.resignation' as Truent Officer, was ingness to become anembers of a Home ? and raise more foodstuffs. were needed as badly as men, and thatsucceeded by Mrs. Lizzie Walker, by Demonstration Club that will hold j the race track Avas the testing place ofappointment by the Board. .monthly meetings for free of charge i RESOLUTIONS OF RESPECT lK00d mounts for army use and thatProf. F. M. Wood was re-elected instruction by a representative from jprincipal of the Colored Public Schools the Agricultural Extension Division. .Withrof. T. A. Hendricks as Su-.perintendent, and the above thoroughly ,efficient faculty, the Paris Public jSchool will keep the high rank it hasattained1 among Kentucky schools. jNEW MANAGER.Resolutions of respect passed by theBoard of Directors of the Farmers &! Traders Bank of Paris, at their reglural monthly meeting, on the deathof Louis Saloshin, a director of theI institution.ATi fhnR Plnrkp wlm was mannepr -nn mi.- n r..i .t.At thp Tipvt rppiilar mppHnp- nf flip wueieus, hib vritruu timer ui uicBira of , ttf f TLrL nf ot th0 New ludePendei"-Tobacco Ware- Universe, has in his Infinite wisdom.SS lL?J'2Lri1l Be last season, having resigned. U.e removed from our mlds, our wortnyKentuckians mounted on KentucKythoroughbreds would hold their own inany kind of contention.The winners of the seven events on'the card were: Fist race, StephenR.; second race, Ebony; third race.!Mars Cassidy; fourth race, ColonelVennie; fifth race, Korbly; sixth race.Bob Hensley; seventh race, Penrod.Miss Sarah Power; "Fruits of SocialService," Mrs. S. T. Chipley; "Co-operation,"Miss Neva Calvert; "Fruits ofRecreation and Culture," Mrs. JamesGrinnell, Jr.; "Fruits of MissionaryWork," Miss Frances Hancock;"League Extension Work," Mr. FinnellGalloway. After the offeratory andand singing of the hymn, "Lead On,O, King Eternal," by the congregationthe meeting closed with the EpworthLeague Benediction.is likely that there will be few, if anychanges from the present excellent faculty, iSAUFLEY MAKES CONFESSION"GOOD FOR THE SOUL"teachers for the Western High School "X nr rotn iY 7 wint mi "T , . . ,(colored) of Paris will be elected. It fLtT ,5 Tl est!emed ass0ciate' Louis Salma, ocicv-icu iui. io." . -, .., snin, ana,assume the responsibility. I whereas, The intimate relation held, Mr. uiarnes large interests in nis during our business life by him with!'farm near North Middletown, requiring the members of the Board, makes itJtchen piped for gas whenall of his time, necessitated his resig- fitting that we record our appreciation 'leaning house do it now,nation. He retains his interest m the of hinif therefore, be it f eventually come to it. Anyhow, gas iscompany, however, and will remain a Resolved. That the wisdom and abil- tne cheapest fuel to use and it is soEditor Sheltm Sauflpy. mmmenHm? 'member of the directorate. 'ity which he exercised in aid of our much cleaner and the convenience isait. ireeu uas uau aiiuost a iu.ei.iuje worK oy counsel nnu service willexperience in the tobacco business, and held in grateful remembrance,USE GAS THIS SUMMER.Don't wait until the hot weatherconies and then wish you had had theyou wereyou willconfession" that has been connected at various times j Resolved, That the sudden removalwitn enterprises in tne toDacco line. , from our Board, in winch he has heldi je nas oeen a grower aim uuyer, aim a leading .position, leaves a vacancyon the political situation in his newlyadopted home, Richmond, makes th3following "openstrike a responsive chord in the breastsff mrvnf nnircnnruir mo"Ini out of .nnliHri t m-wip n hi eminently successful as both. He will , and shadow that will be deeply real-!mistake when I went to the Legisla-! brinS to the Independent House Uie;ized by the Board and his friends,ture. Never again for me. My news- ripe J'11""16111 and experience of a man and will .prove a great loss to the cityMners arP. at Oip difinnsnl nf thP nnli-il" WIIUU1 tuu " uua,,reM ' tt ",anu me puunc;ticians at so- much per linethrough flgthing battles onb3. worth all the expense. Call us overthe phone and we will be ngnt on uicPARIS GAS & ELECTRIC CO.,(4-2t) Incorporated.NEW MASONIC TEMPLE- DEDICATED AT CARLISLE.PRESCRIPTIONS OUR SPECIALTY.'Goods delivered free to all parts ofthe county. Prescriptions fiilledoroinDtlv and correctly is our specialty. Don't forget delivered free to all 'parts of the county.4-t) VARDEN & SON.IWANTED!Every Lady inBourbon CountyTo Visit OurBAKERY!EVERY DAYVISITORS'DAY!WILMOTHGrocery Co.Phone 376I Thn np.w Masonic Temnle of Daugh-but I am open DooK' wmcn ne nas iearneu irom ' Resolved, That with deep sympathy ert , Lo(lge No. 65, F. & A. M.f at Carthe side of PlantinS the seed to cashing the big WiUi the afflicted family and friends qf lisle was dedicated Friday with appronlmnl.,. fnr, ilin n.niinfany faction in Uie Democratic party. ' lul l"c l"uuuv'uPersonally I am for Senator Beckham, j :and likewise I am fond of Senator-Itampjs hnf mv non-snnnorc rm rnrtrr A BLANKED NUISANCEto be newspapers rather than politicalmediums for any candidate or set ofcandidates."J It's a pity that a noise-ridden com'munity hasn't the privilege of explod-ung a tew bomos unuer mese nerve-racking motorcycles that infest ParisLet me have your order for funeral every Sunday, and make the air hiddesigns if you want something fresh' e0us with their unearthly racket!FUNERAL DESIGNS., the deceased, we express our earnest 'q ceremonies. Past Grand Masternope uiut even so great a uereavemenc gamuei j. Veach, of Carlisle, as reprcmay be overruled for their highest lsentative of the Grand Master of thegood; 'r.,nfi ATn.-,onic Lodee of Kentucky,OR WORSE: Resolved, That a copy of these resn-jconducted .,c serVices. The lodge halllutions be recorded on our minute book !,..nc. u-nwn ..non tn thP. nublic at oneI )UO tlllUlTlli -w w v.-v x-and a copy be published in a local pa- v1noU aml innn nersons from Car-and adjoiningper, and a copy be sent to the lamily. ,,,. jinhnins countv. ilj.v, ......- .and nice.rst-class.(4-2t)All stock strictly fresh andiPhone in you order.JO. S. VARDENSunday several of these sleep-distur-:bers visited Paris in full force, and IJ more unnecessary racket was never jheard here. The machines began to:inass early in the morning, and the!. In1,n- 1.,- .. 11 Ar. Iit was reported on uie streets yester- vci. xyu uy un uaj.day that "a movement is on foot" in At n0011 lust as e congregations ofParis to raise a company of home i the churches were leaving, a bunch ofMAY RAISE HOME GUARDS.FRANK P. KISER,J. D. McCLINTOCK,GEO. K. JONES,'GEO. R, BURBERRY,S. L. WEATHERS,SAM HOUSTON,GEO. W. WYATT,M. HUME PAYNE.FLANNEL SPORT SUITSOf CTonn Kino onfl Vii-o-urii mola ?nguards, to be made up of local men fnese pesky "road lice" passed through, p.n.x.' . . ' 9n 4A-who at present know nothing of mill- Wowing horns, mufflers and exhausts ; and 35 'taiy Uctics, but who should know ! wide open and making all the noise j ' j w DAVIS & CO.something about drilling in case of the mese nuisances are capauie 01.war being brought close to home. If some fellow would invent a landThe proposed company is to be made 'submarine that could be timed to hitm, according to rumor, of all local tnese unacnines amiasnip at tne neigntcounties and prominent Masons fromiall sections were in attendance.I Judge Samuel Holmes, the Rev. F.M. Tinder, of Lancaster, ana x-u-btGrand Master David Jackson addressed the lodge. After addresses, refreshments were served in the largejb'anpuet hall. The cornerstone ot tnis1 temple was laid May 4, 1914.iMAY MEETING KENTUCKYOSTEOPATHIC ASSOCIATIONImen who want to know more abou of their noise careers ana litt tnemdrilling, and will be drilled by local j into tne airV Pace between this andmen who have seenarmy.MflRGOLEN'SSPECIALS THIS WEEKservice in til . uie next county, ne wuuiu ue wormy oia gold medal anda peiiBion for life!MASON'S JUBILEE SINGERS.The C. W. B. M. Auxiliary of thecolored Christian church of this citylias perfected arrangements for theappearance in Paris of the famous lyceum and: Chautauqua attraction, Moson's Jubille Singers, a company ofcolored artists who specialize in negromelodies and readings; in the musicPRINCETON GROCERY STOREIS DESTROYED BY FIRE.Orangey 'iper 'dozen . r.B-4 TIREInsure withW.O. HINTON & SON,AgtS and folk-lore of their race; jubilee sing-ing: camp-meeting shouting, etc.j n ey win appear at tne seventustreet colored Christian church inParis this (Tuesday) evening, at eighto'clock, and will present a programthat will be far above the average ofsuch attractions. The admission ha?been placed at twenty-five cents. Theproceeds will be devoted to the benefit of the church.The May meeting of the Kentucky1 Osteopathic Association will be held Inthe Seelbach Hotel, in Louisville, onFriday, May 11. 'Dr. Martha Petree, ofParis, will attend the session. An elaborate program has been prepared. Thepresident's address will be deliveredby Dr. R. H. Miller, of Bardstown. Addresses will be delivered on subject of interest to osteopaths byDr. Josephine Hoggins, of Frankfort;Dr. Geo. F. Whitehouse, of Chicago;Dr. O. C. Robertson, of Owensboro:Dr. Josephine Piere, of Washington, D.C.; Dr. E. R. Proctor, of Chicago; Dr.Granville Waller, of Louisville, andiDr. W. Banks Meacham, of Asheville,N. C.The grocery store of J. T. Throckmorton, at Princeton, ,was destroyed byfire early Sunday morning. The losswas partly covered by insurance. Mr... . rand Mrs. Joe Morrison, living jover the:1'5c,store' barely escapedwith their lives.Pineappleseach 1 OcLemonsper dozen v 1 5cGreen Beansper peck 50cApplesper peck 50cFire, wind and lightning!insurance.Thomas,Woodford &BryanPARISIANS ON PROGRAM.At the recital which is to be givenin Lexington by the pupils in voiceof Per Nielsen, assisted bythe pu-FIRST NATIONAL TORECEIVS "LIBERTY LOANS."Subscriptions for $10,000 in Treasury certificates of indebtedness hasbeen taken by the First National Bankof this city, which institution hasbeen designated by the Treasury Department as agent here of the United States Government to receive subscriptions to the "Liberty Loan."J J?8 ,Wt!' Tl: -These subscriptions must be filed be-. : nil ;7 m ,7 fore June 15, 1917.College of Music this afternoon, Miss m. , i . ,cm ? iT -i i x. 7, . I These bonds will run a period ofElizabeth Crutcher, of Pans, will playLtT,Qf MTCf t ... - pcium uunprni cure ssLsrsFtill UAVlvLLI l Ci RJ? llbJ zJKSi Mr",n5 I500' ?1'000 and wo'000' as the' i 'o cl , , rff , 7 subscribdr may elect They will bearnifftl-V Mflf MarlfAf Clay Sutherl&nd' of " ns interest at the rate of 3 per centdautary meat warfcetAh, i But ry' DyW. C. T. U. CONVENTION.The annual convention of the Seventh District W. C. T. U., Division C,will be held at Little Rock, in thiscounty, on Thursday and Friday, May10 and 11. This division includes allthe unions in Bourbon and Fayettecounties. The convention will openwith a public meeting Thursday evening, and will close Friday afternoon.. The delegates to the convention willbe entertained at the homes of thecitizens of Little Rock, during theirstay.NEW MACHINE.Black Hawk and JanesvilleCorn PlantersMcCormick and BrownHarrows.iBallhmCor. Fourth and PDeasani Sfi.Agents Buick AutomobilesGoodyear TiresOur Vulcanizing Departmentis equipped with steam vulcanizer and run by an expertMr. Ernest Darnaby, of near Clinton-.ville, has purchased through the Kin-kead-WilsonMotor Co., of Lexington.,at handsome Maxwell touring car, whichwill be delivered this week.The town knocker, we ndte.Vneverthinks of changing his place of' residence as a cure for the ills ot whichhe complains. jSteam Heated Garage' OPEN DAY AND NIGHT.1t1TQESDAY.fMAY S, 117.THE BOURBON tfEWS, PARIS, KY.PAGE FITzrsjfs 2FOR THE BESTNOTHING ELSE jSOCIAL AND PERSONAL.RED CROSS WOMEN 'DOING THEIR PART.FOR THE BESTNOTHING ELSEComings and Goings of OurPeople Here, There andElsewhere.SEED CORN.Mrs. Volney Ferguson, ofI'aris, was a guest of friends and relBoone County White. Yellow ativeA in Lexington last week.. r:i -... I Mrs. Katlierine Davis OaiDent, Silage CornC. S. BRENT & BRO.27apr-4t)CLOSING OUT.Our entire stock of footwear retailfor less than, wholesale.ELVOVB'S DEPARTMENT STORE.(8-2t)Jauienne Davis Crate, hasjieturned from a visit to Mr. and Mrs.asiney D. Berry, in Lexington.Miss Ella Loomis, of Cynthiana.was a guest from Saturday to Sundavof Miss Willie McNamara, on Pleasant street.Mrs. Nellie Dick, of Lexington, andThe local women have been "doingtheir bit" this past week, through thBourbon County Red Cross Chapter.There have been very enthusiasticnear meetings at the Presbyterian manseeach day to do the necessary sewingand the first box of hospital suppliesis ready to go. The box contains 11dozen sheets, 8 dozen pillow slips, 3dozen towels, 4 dozen bath towels, and3 dozen wash cloths.The ladies of Paris have been assisted: with this box by the ladies of theLeesburg neighborhood.and it is to beP. H. S. ALUMNI MEETING.All members of the Paris HighSciiool Alumni Association are urgently requested to meet in the HighSchool Auditorium next Thursday,May 10, at 3 p. m. There will be business of importance to be transacted.S. WOLLSTEIN, Pres.TAKE IT IN TIME.NEW AUTO LICENSESISSUEDRECENTLY.The following licenses have beenssued recently to Paris and Bourboncounty auto owners: Aylette Buckner.Parish Buick, No. 31384; The J. T.Hinton Co., Paris, Overland, No.31811; C. B. Mitchell, Paris, Overland,'o. 31812.SHIRTS OF TUB SILKMade to stand the wear and the rub-$4, ?5 and $6.J. W. DAVIS & CO.and lawn swings.FARMERS SUPPLY CO.,(It) Robneel Bldg.Mrs. Bagby, of Louisville, are guests of hoped that soon other sections of thisMiddletowS county wiU realize me imPrtanc o-Mrs. Harry Collins underwent a tWs work and form auxiliaries so thatsuccessful operation or appendicitis the ladies of the entire county mayat the Massie Memorial Hospital in have a part in Bourbon's share of thisthis city, yesterday. great work.Mrs. J. M. Boland, of Point Pleas- Mrs. W. G-. McClintock, who is at theant Mo., arrived yesterday for a visit head of the Bourbon county chapteru luisses Kfioecca ana Time Jaynes, will be delighted, if communicatedat their home on High street withf to assist in the forming of aux-vii i8 fVJ Sf 1a.bree' JrIITIs- Varies throughout this county,ville, and Polly Baldwin, o fWinches-ter, who have been guests of Mrs iLaura Skillman, in North Middletown, !have returned to their homes. ! , . . . ,,Mr. G. Lee Wainscott, of Winches- Plenty of fresh air' diet as Preter, Democratic candidate for Stato scribed by a physician, cleanliness andSenator from the Clark-Bourbon-Mont- the observance of simple health rule3gomery district, was a caller at THE have cured thousands of cases of tuberNEWS office yesterday. Mr. Wains- culosis. Do not despair but commucott, when asked as to his prospects, nicate at once with the Tuberculosissaid he was perfectly satisfied as to commission at Frankfort,the present"iSlLUiSe StG-ele' ?f PariS ?" SHINGLES, ROOFING, POSTS, ETC.tended the german given last week by pient f red cedar sningls com.the young society people of Versailles. position rooflngt locust posts? and dThe leaders were Miss Lena Farley fuU of buildin& material. CallBohon, who has been a frequent guest ejtb.er phoneol Miss Steele, in Paris, and Mr. BOURBON LUMBER COMPANY.Larabie Pmkerton. (4.9nMr. and Mrs. D. G. Taylor had ,the following guests at dinner at their FUNERAL DESIGNS.home near Paris last week: Mr. and'Mrs. Jos. Ecton and Mr. and Mrs. i T Qf mex ,,0,.Q vn 0 ,. fnnomiI Younger Osborne, of Winchester; Mr flpsmR if vmi wanf SOmethine freshand Mrs. L. (D. Redmon, Mr. and Mrs. jmd nice AH stock strictiy resii andPhone in your order.JO. S. VARDEN.OILS, PLOWS, SWINGS.All kinds of farm and automobileoils; all kinds of small plows; porch John A. Powers and Mr. Matt Bedford, fit-ciassNEW RECRUIT.Mr. Lawrence Hill, youngest son orMr. and Mrs. George M. Hill, of thiscity, passed a successful examinationat Lexington last week for admissionto the U. S. Army service. He hasbeen assigned to duty with the Signal Corps detachment stationed "somewhere in Paris, Ky."C. W. B. M. MEETING.Mrs. J. D. Booth, president of theorganization, presided Friday afternoon at the May meeting of the Christian Womans' Board of Missions. A"-Ul X ill lb.Mrs. J. Miller Ward and son, Mr. iClay Ward, were guests of Mr. J.Quincey Ward, in Frankfort last week.They were en route to Lyndon for avisit to Sam Clay Ward and J. MillerWard, Jr., who are attending the Kentucky 'Military Institute, and for a fewdays' 'visit to friends in Louisville.Mrs. Abram Renick, of Winchester, who has been a patient at the Massie Memorial Hospital, in this city, forsome time, and who recently returnedto her home, has been taken to St.Joseph's Hospital, in Louisville, whereshe underwent an operation Fridayevening. The operation was a successful one.Mrs. Thomas Henry Clay, Jr., President of the Paris LiteraryfClub, Mrs(4-2t)THE FAIRReduced Prices for Friday and Saturday:Screen Door Springs, regular price,10c, each 5c; Window Screens, all sizesin wood or metal Screens, reduced prices for Friday and Saturday; DinnerPlates, double gold line, 8 14 inchesacross the top, 6 for 50c; EnamelledSteel Wash Basins, is inches acrossthe top, each 15c, worth 25c; SlopJars, 4 coated goods, white lined, each98c; Daisy Fly Killers; 10c; ShelfIter the business meeting an interest- Club, and Mrs. Franking program was rendered; the topicbeing along the line of work beingdone by the Paris auxiliary.V , 2f n i,. r n iife. M,Sir PaPer' 5c' Coat Hangers, 2 for 5c;John T Collins, of the Nofth Middle- Capher Balls 10c a ,package; WasteLUWU VIUIS, HUB. Allie J-riivovu, -Dresident of the North MiddletownP. Lowry,TO ADMINISTER ESTATE.County Judge C. A- McMillan has appointed Mrs. Mary Thomas Wallen asadministratrix of the estate of her husband, Mr. W. A. Wallen, who died atthe Massie Memorial Hospital in thismtv ?fvAral davs asro after a short illness. Mr. Wallen died intestate. Mrs. Saturday and Sunday of Miss LutieWallen furnished bond in the sum of Darnell, at Hagerman Court, in LexSi 000 with Dr. D. S. Henrv as surety. ington. Miss Andrews, who is an aoKXu, S,B. Bearon. ana ,. J Jf fc" n ,Teegar were appointed to appraise the J, gulsdayI drosvenor Bowen. more famil-Paper Baskets, 10c; Enamelled SteelTtinnnKc oil rmi-o whHo a linrpiin- pnnh I5r TT S Silk Pin Flacs. brasnParis, were guests of Miss Carolyn in ball endSf each lcClub at Lexington, Saturday. IProf William Young, principal offlthe Commercial Department in tneParis High School, has accepted a similar position for next term in Oklahoma, and will leave for his new fieldabout the middle of June. Prof.Yoimg's many friends regret that hewill not remain in Paris.Mrs. Elizabeth Andrews, of theNorth Middletown College, was a guesrThe Fair for Friday and Saturday:Table Mats, 6 sizes in a package, 15cpackage; China Eggs, 5 for 5c; SemiPorcelain Decorated Fruit Saucers, excellent value, each 5c; Iron Glue, 10c.I WALL PAPER.1 A delayed shipment just arived worth,10c a roll, at 5c, and a few rooms in30-inch oat meal papers to close out at10c a roll.iTHE FAIRSTRAWBERRIES, STRAWBERRIES!Strawebrries received fresh everyday at our store. '(It) C. P. COOK & CO.MASTER COMMISSIONER SALES.Auctioneer M. F. Kenney made thefollowing sales att he court house doorm Paris, Saturday, for Master Commissioner O. T. Hinton.Two houses on Brooks street nearRuckerville, belonging to Ples3ieRobynson, colored, to John Connell, for$405: house and lot in Millersburg,near the Millersburg College, belongairly known as "Gov." Bowen. who hasbeen making a tour of the South, en ,gaged in (promoting amateur minstreli norfnrmanc.es. is. with Mrs. Bowen, visiting relatives in wincneaier. xucicis no more likable fellow In the worldthan "Gov." Bowen, whose many visits to Paris have made him a large circle of friends. He has gained the reputation of being one of the best blackface comedians on the American stage(Other Personals on Page 3.) iREV. ELLIS TO DELIVERADDRESS TO GRADUATESRev. W. E. Ellis, pastor of the Paris. . . . 1 t. l. nlnnnfnl On 1M.near the Millersburg College, belong- umsuan caurcn ., "--- " "ing to the estate of Luanda Turney. y tafo, ; from Pt ,0 C F sher pres-ident of the Millersburg College, to deliver the annual address to the members of the graduating class of that institution, on Tuesday, May 22.The clsas is composed of the followin p- vountr women: Misses Lillian...T- (MTDwirc ac r.HPMiSTmop-hv filadvs Bowen, Lula Graham.ts Mnrmw Miliar. Helen Purdy, !Ada Plummer, Lula Mynierson, LauraSandidge and Hattie Wood. The spe-:nini eraduates are Misses iHicecolored, to Prof. C. C. Fisher, for 5400;lot in Sidville, on the Paris and Clintonville pike, belonging to Charier.Moore, to A. S. Thomason, for $235.BEDFORD TO ENTER GOVERN-BiiiflitenUnAmerica!Sherwn-WluamsPAINTS WARNI5HES ,0Weather destroys one housein four every year. That fourthhouse may be yours this yearis it properly protected?Dr. M. Hume Bedford, of Paris, associate professor of chemistry inpi.i. TTn:nnK.ir of T-oYinertrtn. is inreceipt of a telegram from the Navy .Grimes, Jennie Morrow Miller and Mr-Tw-rfmontoalline him to Pittsburg mnia Shanklin, voice, and Miss Aletoiv.- , - ,. -!".. .to work as chemist in tne omce olInspector of Engineering Materials.The telegram was sent in recentlyby Prof. Bedford, asking that he begiven a chance to serve the Government in the capacity of chemist. Hewired that he would report at Pittsburg on May 28 or sooner if necessary. Prof. Bedford is a son of Mrs.Maria Bedford, of Paris.IMPORTANT MEETINGOF RED CROSS CHAPTERWilson, in expression.COUNTY TEACHERS MEET.Miss Mabel Robbins, County Super-1intendents of Schools, presided at themeeting of the Bourbon County l earners' Association, held in ner omce, inthe court house, Saturday morning.There was a good attendance despite jthe very disagreeable weather, and th Iprogram, a most juieieamifc uuc, iwwell carried out in every detail.An important meeting of the ParisChapter American Red Cross will beheld at the Y. M. C. A. Building this(Thursday) afternoon, at three o'clock.This will be a meeting for both menand women, and it is urgently reurgently requested that there be alarge attendance of the members.TKa'-KTh dftslre to take membership in the Red Cross are respectfullyasked to attend this meeting, whicnUl be oC an instructive and important nature. Sacrifice a little of yourbusy time in this worthy cause, and attend this meeting. Time, three o'clockthis (Tuesday) afternoon; placfe, Y. M.C. A. Buildlne. Maim street, Deiw&euMAY COURT DAY.Sherwin-Williams Paint,Prepared, is truly preparednot merely assembled. It willprotect your home against attacks of wind, rain, sleet andsnow. Heat and cold makeno inroads on wood paintedwith tliis paint, because it isright m pure leadf pure zinc,and pure linseed oil all controlled by the manufacturer.?,Afav court day was not much of an j- . . iimprovement over the preceding onein April. Tne gloomy weaiuei wits spell over everyone, and there wasvery little trading done. The farmerswere mostly busy with their farmwork, and there was a small crowd inthe city. The impending war, tne iproopect for crops and politics were theprincipal themes oi aiscussion. uau-ju-t. fiio various eitv and countyUlUAlcs . - ' - ;offices were busy handshaking ana Fmh flnd Man Stsbuttonholing the voters in the interestC A. DaughertyParis, Kentuckyfr rAanctive races. Small lot of!tno.v on the market, some changing-Ninth and Tth treeU, of the,hands at fflodinte fljFRANK & COMPANYTHE RELIABLE STORE' 1Special Prices(!Wr trA.ONSUITS, COATSAND DRBSSESi 1- Never, so early in the season, havewe made such attractive prices, orhad such a complete stock to selectfrom. Come in and take a look.EXTRA SPECIAL!ILadies' Silk Hose, in All SolidColors, '4 50c a Pair KFRANK & COMPANYKaltexPorch Furniture!You Wish YOUR PORCH to Look the BEST. KALTEXFURNITURE Will Accomplish This For You.We have at last received tbis line of Chairs and Swings in' the beautifulBaronial Brown. Every piece is practically indestructible, as every one is built onwire and the joints reinforced with steel braces. We show you one pattern here,but have many in stock to show you.Porch and Lawn Swings, Refrigerators.-kxCoolincr m "Ww-ff ,TU ' IVudor Porch Shades are the Best!THEJ.T.HINTONCO.MOTOR HEARSE:MOTOR INVALID COACHUNDERTAKING"EITHERPHONC" 36n!.jSIXTH AND. MAIN STS.5 t -WjX.Hi1031.J51ml&uUjth' ..L.4n.. -tr:4If r 1 'impost Clmroa. i-XcTE(E BOURBON NEWS, PARIS, KY.TUESDAY, MAY t, WProfessional Cards. "tlZlNOTMENACE.Bourbon Building 8c. Loan AssociationTIRST NAT'L BANK BUILDINGIN REAR OF BANKEntrance on Fourth StreetDR. WM. KENNEYEye, Ear, Nose and Throat.ROOMS 403-404..FIRST NAT'L BANK BUILDING.' ' PHONE 136.WM, GRANNANAt(orneyat-LawROOMS 401-402.FIRST NAT'L BANK BUILDINGKENTUCKY TRACTION& TERMINAL COMPANYInterurban Schedule.CARS LEAVE10:05 p. m.ParisforLexington6:45 &. m.7:303:159:009;45 a. m.11:15 a. m.a. m.a. in.a. m12:452:153:45m.m.m.4:30 p. m.5:15 p. m.6:05 p. m.6:50 p. m.8:15 p. m.11:00 p. m.LexingtonforParis6:00 a. m.7:20 a. m.8:00 a. m.8:50 a. m.10:20 a. m.11:50 a. m.1:20 p. m.2:503:304:205:00 p6:00 p,7:20 p9:10 p.p. m.p. m.p. m.m.m.m.$1.50TOCincinnatiand ReturnOn Special Sunday Excursion onSUNDAY,MAY 13LONDON, May 7. Addressing thePrimrose League in London recently,Earl Curzon, of Kedleston, member othe War Council, said there was nomilitary front in the world-wide warwhere at the present moment theenemy was not a retreating factor."We are learning daily from thewestern front" said Earl Cruzon, "ofincreasing desertions and surrender?by the enemy and of the breakingdown in discipline on the Germanside."The speaker said he recognized thesubmarine menace to be formidable,but that in its calculations the Cabinethad made allowance for wastage inshipping greater than that which hadalready taken place. He did notthink personally that the submarineswould diminish shipping to such anextent as to affect the ultimate issueof the war."I am convinced the Germans arewrong in their estimate of the resultsof their submarine warfare," Earl Curzon continued. "They will not succeed in starving England or her alliesinto surrender, even should the submarine war last as long as next year.They may drive us to compulsory(rationing. I think we ought to adoptrationing, out mere is not me siigmest cause for panic or alarm."Referring to the entry into the wavof the United States, Earl Curzon dedared that the Americans alreadyI were putting their full weight into thejwar, and realized the gravity of the"situation they, in common with theallies, now were facing. The Government has already heard from Foreign'Secretary Balfour, who is in the United States, and in respect to naval resources, shipbuilding and supplyingwar material of every kind, and stillmore in finance, America was lendingimmediate and valuable help."It may not be very long beforetheir armed forces are seen upon thecontinent," said Earl Curzon. "Weshall find, therefore, that we have secured in America a whole-hearted, sincere and powerful alb, who enteredthe war for a victory m mankind, andwho will not desist Tfntil they hvaesecured, not an inconclusive or illusorypeace, but a real and lasting peace,which, when established, shall be fortified and strengthened by guaranteeswhich will, if posible, secure its continuance in the future."Baron Devonport, the Food Controller, announces that an organizationfor complete rationing of the UnitedKingdon, cannot be completed untilthe middle of July. The necessityfor putting the machinery into motionwill not arise if the people loyally observe the King's exhortation to reducethe consumption of bread by onefourth. In the next eight weeks, thpannouncement says, tue public can decide for itself whether compulsoryrationing will be instituted.Special train leaves Paris 8:20a. m., arriving in Cincinnati at10:30 a, m.Returning leaves Cincinnati(4th Street Station) at 7 p. m.W. V. SHAW, Agent.J. K. SMITH, T. A.It Class,Here's a funny story about gettinga seat In a crowded car.""That's a standing Joke."---ExchangeThe man who is polite to his wifewill instinctively be polite to othersand be accorded a like courtesy fromthem.The Austrian State of Victoria iselectrifying its railroad system at anexpense that eventually will exceed$29,000,000.L. & N. TIME TABLEEffective Sunday, April 22, 1917, 12:01 a. m.TRAINS FROM ARRIVALJm Lexington, daily except Sunday 5:18 m34 Atlanta, daily 5:25 am25 Cynthi&na, daily except Sunday 7:35 amJf Rowland, dally except Sunday 7:36 am21 Maysville daily except Sunday. 7:38 am41 Lexington daily except Sunday. , ...7:40 am211 Maysville, Sunday anly 8:00 amHO Rowland, Sunday only 8:05 am140 Lexington, Sunday only 8:10 am17 Maysville, daily except Sunday 9:50 amm Cincinnati, O., daily S:52 amIt Lexington, dally I(hl2 amH Chicago, daily 10:17 am26 Lexington, Daily Except Sunday 12:00 mCynthiana, Daily Except Sunday 2:55 pmft Maysville, Daily Except Sunday 3:00 pm131 Lexington, Daily 3:12 pm18 Knoxville, Tenn., Daily 3:15 pmB Maysville, Daily 5:40 pmat Cincinnati, Dally Except Sunday v. 5:50 pm1A Lexington, Daily Except Sunday &:18 pmJacksonville, Fla., Dally 6:33 pm214 Lexington, Sunday only 9:20 pm20 Cincinnati, Sunday only 9:30 pm31 Cincinnati, O., Daily 10:38 pmm Lexington Daily 10:23 p mTRAINS FOR LEAVERo.U Maysville, Daily except Sunday 5:30 am34 Cincinnati, waily ? 5:80 am4 Cincinnati, daily except Sunday 7:45 amn Lexington, daily except Sunday 7:47 am10 Maysville. daily except Sunday , 7:48 am211 Lexington, Sunday only 8:10 am340 Cincinnati, Sunday only 8:20 am26. Lexington, daily except Sunday 9:55 am37 Knoxville, daily 9:57 am133 Lexington, dally 10:20 am33 Jacksonville, daily . 10:22 am18 Maysville, dally '. 12:04 pm26 Cynthiana, daily except Sunday ' 12:05 pmIt Lexington, daily except Sunday 3:17 pm38 Cincinnati, dally 3:20 pm39 Lexington, daily except Sunday 5:57 pm- 9 Rowland, Dally except Sunday 6:00 pm14 Maysville, daily except Sunday ?6:83 pm32 Chicago, daily :. 6:38 pm30 "Cynthiana, daily except Sunday- . 6:48 pm129 Lexington, Sunday only 9:38 pmIIS Maysville, Sunday only ?:30 pm214 Maysville, Sunday only A g:3o pm2tl Lexington, Sunday only f I : 9:38 pm2tft Hichmond, Sunday only 9:40 pmlift Rowland, Sunday only . 9:40 pm129 Lexington, Daily ; 6:35 pmJff cto O- TIIXE-ABIJEWO. TRAINS ARRIVE FROMX Frankfort, Ky., Dally,fc. Sunday 7:3g m4 Frankfort, Ky., Daily Mx. Smnday 6:60 d m.TRAINS DEPART FOR 11 Framktort, Ky., Daily x. Sunday V;,, .;...'..' ; 8:26 a.- Frailsfert, "itjrr. Daily Ex. Sunder . f :jff p. tWILLIAMS WAS TERROR TONEW YORK EVILDOERSLETTER FROM THECHILDREN'S HOME SOCIETYBroke Up Gangs and Earned Title"Czar of Tenderloin."New York. For nearly thirty yearsone of the most striking and picturesque figures in the metropolitan policedepartment was former InspectorAlexander S. Williams, who died recently. Williams was a policeman of the oldschool. Sometimes they called him"the clubber," and at others "the czarof the Tenderloin." He earned bothtitles, the former breaking heads ofthugs on the lower east side and thegas house district, and the latter byhis conduct during the cleven'years hewas in command of the West Thirtiethstreet precinctIn 18GC Williams tired of ship carpentry, the trade he had learned, andbecame a policeman. His first postwas on Houston street where thetoughest men in the city congregated.Their specialty was "beating cops,"but they did not beat Williams. Picking out the toughest of the gang, Williams thrashed him thoroughly. Thereafter the new policeman was not troubled. In 1S72 he was made captain and sentto the East Thirty-fifth street station.Gangs ruled the neighborhood, but thenew captain clubbed them into submission. It was In 1S7G that Williams wassent to the West Thirtieth street station, controlling the district given overto gambling and all night revels. Heretired on a pension after the Lexowinvestigation.U BOAT BEATEN OFF INBATTLE WITH STEAMEBSurvivors of Coronada ReachHalifax, N. S., and RelateThrilling Story of Fight.nalifax, N. S. Twenty-one survivorsof the British steamer Coronada, whichwas torpedoed 150 miles off the Irishcoast, arrived on a British steamer,which picked them up nine hours afterthe. Coronada went down. Nine menwere lost by the capsizing of their lifeboat. The survivors reported they hadscarcely reached the deck of the rescuing steamer than they witnessed athrilling battle between another trampsteamer and a submarine, In which thesubmarine probably received its deathblow. One of the Coronada's men sakb"I was looking aft when I saw whatlooked to lie a steamer coming upastern. She was making pretty goodtime considering the class that comesaround as cargo boats. I took theglasses4and saw that the steamer wasin action with a submarine and wascertainly holding her own. As I watched I saw a spurt of smoke Issue fromher stern gun and hit dangerouslyclose to the periscope of the submarine. As the shot struck the submarinecame to the surface, and a second laterI saw the water shoot like a geyseralongside the Britisher."Before the submarine could get under water the tramp returned this fire.As I watched the submarine I saw ashot land right at her side. There wasa gush of water, and when the sea hadquieted down once more there were nosigns of the German craft Whethershe was sunk by the last shot of theBritisher or whether she managed toescape I cannot say, but this I knowthat the battle ended In a mannerwhich left little doubt as to who badthe best of it"To Our Friends:In the present grave crisis of ourcountry, we must face the unusualconditions caused by the war, and useevery means to reduce the high costof living, which is becoming a burdennot only to the wage-earner, but alsoto the salaried, man.We do not know how long this warwill last, but we dv know that it willdrain our country of her splendidyoung men. So many of them, fromthe farms as well as from the city,will respond to the call of their country, that there will be a scarcity oflabor, especially on the farm, duringthe next few years, and we must beprepared to meet these conditions.For their own protection, farmersshould avail themselves of every opportunity to secure help on their farms,which, they admit is already hard toget For mercenary reasons, if for noother, farmers will want eufficienthands to take care of their crops, butwe know our farmers are just as patriotic as the men who go to the front.We feel that we can help the farmers to solve their problem of securinghelp during the coming years, andthey can help us by taking our boysland girls into their homes.I We have 219 wards here in the Re'ceiving Home, whose ages range froma few months to 18 years, approximately:10 girls, 2 years and under;11 girls, 3 years to 6 years;36 girls, 7 years to 13;11 girls, 14 to 18 years;21 boys, 2 years and under;48 boys3 years to 6 years;58 boys, 7 to 9 years;17 boys, 10 to 12 years.Many of our children are as bright'and attractive as any one could wish.I We have others who have some slightdefect, but who are capable of beingtrained to do their share of work injthe home or on the farm.A large number of our children aretoo young now to render much service, but in a few years hence theywill be of great value to those peoplewlin are eenerous enouch and far-sighted enough to avail themselves ofgetting a child, who in a short timeI will become attached to its new home,and will be of great value to its foster parents.j A farm without a boy is not complete, and farmers' wives, too, needhelpers. We always prefer to placeour wards in small towns and country homes.Every application will be attendedto as quickly as possible. Address allletters toGEO. L. SEHON,'superintendent Kentucky Children'sj Home Society, 1086 Baxter Avenue,, Louisviile. Ky.SPECIALSFOR A FEW DAYS!We Are Offering Real Bargains InMEN'S SUITSSee the values, which are on display in our windows.$10.00, $12.50, $15.00You'll &ave from $2.50 to $5.00.Be Sure and Buy Some of the Shirtsws k celling For95 Centst They are $1 50 Values.TWIN BROSClothing and Shoe DeptL. Yjllst .in Prop"." 1'PURE CASE OF NERVEIN ASKING FOR BADGE.;GERMANS IMPROVE AIR FIRE.They Greatly Increase Dangers of Entente Reconnaissance.London. Airmen .returning fromFrance report that the Germans areusing new methods of combating theBritish airmen. Hitherto it has beenpossible for the British aviators to patrol over the important German positions by making squadron flights, theGermans using scattering anti-air craftAre.Now the Germans concentrate theiranti-air craft guns on given areas, forcing the British aviators to go througha withering fire if they wish to reconnoiter the positions.Secretary Garrett D. Wilson said hanever saw any race opening that hada more roseate aspect than the present meet of the Kentucky Associationat the Lexington track, and ColonelBob Baker, Chairman of the ExecutiveCommittee, declared that he is surethat if all the people who asked forseason badges and didn't get them because principally the pasteboard factory couldn't supply any jmore, will beat the track any one day the crowdwill be the largest in the history ofthe course. Allan Gallaher and J. C.Milam, who received their invitationas members of the Executive Committee, are saying "never again" on thebadge distribution job.Somehow or other the. man whonever would think of stepping into afruit store and asking the proprietorto give him a bunch, of bananas or abox of oranges, has no; hesitancy whatever in demanding, a. season badge tothe races and be becomes indignantusually if it is refused him.Always Be Sure of the NumberWe urge our subscribers to consultthe Telephone Directory whenever a callis to be made. When you trust to yourmemory, your are apt to transpose the figures in a telephone number; when youtrust to an old card or letterhead, you are ;apt to call a number that has been changed.And when you do call a "wrongnumber," you cause inconvenience anddelay for yourself and for the party whomyou call in error. Make it a practice, toconsult the Directory first.CUMBERLAND TELEPHONEAND TELEGRAPH COMPANYIncorporatedBOX issjs, FKANKFORT. KY.WINS OVER COMMONWEALTH.Fewer English Motor Licenses.London. The number of automobilelicenses issued in Great Britain andIreland is only about half what it wasbefore the war. In 1914 there were537,000 registered motor vehicles of allkinds. The total for the following yearwas only 300,000 and for 1916 about325,000.The Louisville & Nashville Railroad Comnanv won ove the Com-monwealth in its appeal from a verdict of $300 fine in the Estill CircuitCourt for failing to run a passengertrain over the branch from Irvine toWinchester, January 5, 1916. The roadbegan running passenger trains lastMay, and contended that it had notrun passenger trains prior to that timegecause it was unsafe as the roadbedwas new. It had been running freighttrains. The law requires a passengerJ train daily each way; but the Court ofAppeals, in an opinion by Judge Carroll, said it would be unreasonable tofine a railroad for not running trainswhen it was unsafe, if the failure wasnot the fault of the railroad, and itshould be allowed to establish this defense.t. .1uJL4$ 4MEAT AS SIDE LINE, 'IN JEWELRY STORE4 Calexico, Cal. Cartoonists and ?4 paragraphers have not .beenso$ very extravagant in their depic- FUom of H. C. of L. If one is toi Judge by the Innovation of ab Main street Jeweler here who has 44 actually put in meats as a side! line. The store presents a daz-b zling array of diamonds, steaks, 4mbleipork chops, pigs feet and4 amethygEs. The old talk aboutcasting your pearls before swinef now seems certain to acquire an 4added significance.' -,Natural Thing."I don't believe the captain of ourBhlp was an experienced mariner.When we had that accident in midocean, he did not seem to know whatto do." "But you must remember thatIt was only natural under the circumstances for him to be completely atiea."The germ theory of the transmissionof contagious diseases was entertainedas far back as 1657, when the plagueravaged' Rome.In the good old days to call a mana "cabbage head" was to invite animmediate scrap. Now you win hisundying gratitude.The fellow who Is loudest in theJitivttan that i'charitf besdns awwtim" fa nauailr the one who is mostmmwininr to make a beginnli.EconomyIs WealthJpEconomy and banking gohand in hand.The bank is the goal of theman who economizes.This country is waking up tothe value of economy. It throwsback the charge that it is aspendthrift nation.You cannot economize unlets yea bank your, surplus.See us about your banking.vFarmers' & Traders' Bank. P. KISsW, President W. W. MITCHELL, Cashier.) WM. GRUS, Bookkeeserr .- ,v . . 5 -v1Sixth, and Mam.Paris, Ky" 7t.v:5UESDAY, XA.Y S. 1917.IHK BOURBON NEWS. PARIS, KY,BAGBSBYSKMUSCLE SORENESS RELIEVEDTJnusal work, bending and liftingor strenuous , exercise is a strain onthe muscles, they become sore andstiff, you are crippled and in pain.Sloan's Liniment brings you quick relief, easy to apply, it penetrates withcut rubbing and drives out the soreness. A clear liquid, cleaner thanmussy plasters or ointments, it doesnt stain the skin or clog the pores.Always have a bottle handy for thepains, aches of rheumatism, gout,lumbago, grippe, bruises, stiffness,"backache and all external pain. AtTour druggist, 25c(may-adv)EYE STRAINMEANSNERVE STRAINThere is no form of functionalnerve disorder that may not becaused by or aggravated by eyestrain. Have us examine youreyes now.We Fit WhereOthers FailAny lens quickly duplicated.FRYE & FRANKLINDoctors of OptometryDow Bld., opp. Windsor HotelHemstitching !We are now prepared to dothe finest kind ofHemstitching and PicotEdge Workon all kinds of material. Specialattention given to mail orders.Special Demonstrator FromCincinnati. Ohio.All work and prices guaranteedsatisfactory.TheSINGER SEWINGMACHINE STOREE. enn. Phone 931 Home Phone 418627 MAIN ST., PARIS, KY.You Don't Have toStoopIf You Use aGarlandCabinetRangeA beautiful line of Garlands on dlsplay. Come In and look them over.ParisGas & Electric Co.(Incorporated)PILES! PILES! PILES!WJLLIAHS INDIAN PILE OINTMENT"WW cre Blind, Bleeding and Itching Piles.Il absorbs the tusaors, allays itching at once,ct as a, poultice, gives instant relief.Tcr sale toy all druggists, mail fiOc and Sl.00.fclLJAMS MFG. CO., Prf5.,Ocvelarf, OhfrOBERDORFER, The Druggist.OneDropuriMnPultryRmflyJ-it-Wp CURESA. few drops in the - m-rsssssUBZZZZmkZSSSdAtjdrag-WW " ' T 7 I ta - Vm1Js-eLrsrs; rzz.a .ssssssssi orPfmCHILI GETS HOTTOWARD GERMANYLONDON, May 7. The Chilian Minister to Germany has demanded hispassports, according to a Central Newsdispatch from Amsterdam.The dispatch says:"A message received from Berlinsays the Chilean Minister to Genmauyhas demanded his passports and anlounced a rupture of relations bebetween Chile and Germany. Thenews caused the greatest annoyance inpolitical circles, where efforts were beintr made to avoid a break with bothChile and Argentina in order to preserve some friendships in South America.'Instructions have been given forChilean citizens to be treated as enemycitizens. The dispatch adds that it isfeared that it will be impossible in thepresent circumstances for the ChileanLegation to leave Germany."S1 00 R E W A R D S1 00The readers of this paper will bepleased to learn that there is at leastone dreaded disease that science hasbeen able to cure in all its stages andthat is catarrh. Catarrh being greatlyinfluenced by constitutional conditionsrequires constitutional treatment.Hall's Catarrh Medicine is taken internally and acts through the blood onthe Mucous Surfaces of the System,thereby destroying the foundation ofthe disease, giving the patient strengthby building up the constitution andassisting nature in doing its work.The proprietors have so much faithin the curative powers of Hall'sCatarrh Medicine that they offer OneHundred Dollars for any case that itfails to cure. Send for list of testimonials. Address F. J. CHENEY & CO., Toledo, Ohio. Sold by all Druggists, 75c.(may-adv)A NEW TYPE OF FIRE ESCAPE.Unique fire escapes in the form ofplayground equipment have recentlybeen installed by the schools of Cali.fornia. They consist of long sheetmetal chutes, reinforced with angleiron, which are attached securely to!the sides of the building, and affordan excellent emergency exit as well asa means of amusement for the school.children. The entrance to the chuteis from a wide iron .platform on thesecond floor, from which it extendsin a slanting angle to the ground,J ending in an upward curve thatchecks the violence of the descent.A pile of sand is also placed at thebottom of each chute to lessen thedanger of a possible fall. The children are encouraged to use the chutesfor play at recess so that they willbecome accusto(med to them.ROAD TO HAPPINESS.Be amiable, cheerful and good natured and you are much more likelyto be happy. You will find this difficult, if not impossible, however, when! you are constantly troubled with con'stiDation. Take Chamberlain's Tablets and get rid of that and it will beeasv. These tablets not onlv movejthe bowels, but improve the appetitejand strengthen the digestion.(.may-aavjTHE MATAPLO TREE.In all the vegetable world there isprobably nothing comparable to thehugging parasite, the matapalo tree ofthe South American jungle, accordingto Charles F. Lummis, who gives svivid description of the "tree-killer"in an account of bis archaelologicalexplorations in Guatemala. A smallseed is blown against the trunk ofsome huge tropical tree, where itclings tenaciously, feeding on thetree's sap. Soon tiny, long air-rootsbegin to grow down to the earth,anchoring their tendrils in it Onceplanted, these tendrils grow instrength and extend long wiry armsaround the trunk of the tree, slowlysapping its life and choking it todeath.CLEAR AWAY THE WASTEBowel regularity is the secret ofgood health, bright eyes, clear complexions, and Dr. King's New LifePills are a mild and gentle laxativethat regulates the bowels and relievesthe congested intestines by removingthe accumulated wastes without griping. Take a pill before retiring andthat heavy head, that dull spring feverfeeling disappears. Get Dr. King'sNew Life Pills. at your druggist, 25c.(may-adv),JGO AFTER THE LOAFERS!Eevrywhere we see requests for thefarmer to raise more foodstuff. Thatis it should be, but isn't it asking agood deal of the farmer to feed firsthimself and family, then an army ofsoldiers, an army of factory hands, anarmy of allies and an army of loafers?Go to any village store any day inthe week and see how many of thelatter you can count Then mulitplyby the number of stores in the county,number of counties in the State, etc,and you will get an idea of the sizeof this army of loafers.Correct EnglishHOW TO USE IT.A MONTHLY MAGAZINE,Josephine Turck Baker, Editor.For Progressive Men and Women,Business and Professional; Club Women, Teachers, Students, Ministers,Doctors, Lawyers, Stenographers, and'or all who ,wish to -Speak and WriteCorrect English Special FeatureMonth; Your Every-Day Vocabulary;How to Enlarge it Sample Copy 10c.Subscription Price ?2 a Tear.EVANSTON, ILLINOIS.U BOAT RIDDANCEKnotty Problem Confronts UnitedStates Naval Department.CONFIDENT OF SOLVING IT.Do Not Expect It Will Be Easy Task,However Latest German Submersible Said to Be Able to Take Considerable Punishment From Light Gunsof Armed Merchant Craft.Washington. Navy department ndvices indicate that Germany has laiddown no new capital ship or destroyerduring the war, confining new construction to submarines. Battleships,battle cruisers and destroyers .buildingwhen the war began have been finished, but aside from them Germany'snaval constructing geniuses have devoted their efforts to turning out largenumbers of submarines and to improving sucli craft.While little positive information hasbeen received, naval officers are satisfied with the information1 regarding' .X V4 N ',&'M& : i .vaf5uW-ka&fc:- &' a -,.IJk&3K$ M&it&Xy.tWJ. .iaiwi.Photo by American Press Association.BEAB ADMIRAL BENSON.submarines. Among other things, reports show that Germany probably has200 1,000-ton submarines of the newertype capable of a wide radius of actionand greater execution than any devisedby other nations.The very latest German submarineshave considerably thicker skins thanearlier types and arc said to be able totake considerable punishment fromlight guns, especially in clashes witharmed merchant craft.The tinderstanding is that the German navy has largely standardizedsubmarine construction and can turnout the largest underwater craft inlarge numbers in a short time.In view of the feverish activity ofthe German navy in turning out submarines, naval experts are not inclinedto belittle the task which lies beforethe United States and the allies inridding the high seas of the underwater menace. If Germany can turnout large, powerful submarines ingreat numbers and keep them comingsteadily the task will prove anythingbut easy.The fact that the tonnage destroyedsince Feb. 1 has been far below thefigure set by Berlin has encouraged thebelief in the allied countries that Germany has already passed her maximum in utilizing the submarine to"starve" England and the nationsfighting with that country.But American naval officers are notInclined to take this view. Althoughthey are confident the submarine problem will be solved, they will not besurprised if it takes a long time.Naval preparations for all emergencies have settled down largely to routine. Instead of being in haste navydepartment officials and navy officersgo about their tasks with cool determination. Some of the higher officers skipthe barber shop occasionally and worklong hours in their offices and in theirhomes after office hours. But there isno outward evidence of excitement inor about the navy department Themachinery is in smooth running orderand appears to be working with precision. PIST0L THREAT HOLDS MAID,.Society Leader Takes Drastic Step to 'Prevent Servant From Leaving.Evanston, 111. The practice of oldfeudal Kentucky of shooting those whoinvade your home in search of something you own will be staged in staidold Evanston unless other womencease enticing away the maids of onesociety leader late from "down south."Annie, maid extraordinary, is theDone oi contention."1 am leaving Saturday night," saidAnnie after a talk with one of her mistress' friends. "Mrs. Jones will payme higher wages.""Down where I come from," drawledthe mistress, "they shoot people fortaking things of a whole lot less valuethan servants. You can go with Mrs. ,Jones if ydu want to. But some day Iam going to call on Mrs. Jones. Either 'she or you is going to answer the door.I am going to shoot the first one of youI see. That's all."Annie is holding down the old job. !and Mr. Jones is not nearly so anxiousto hire her as she believed she was.3lW-W&SBSSI'Iffmm&s&mii.. "s.LIFT YOUR CORNSI OFF WITHFINGERS.Tails How Jo Loosen A Tender Con, Or Callous So It Lifts OutWithout Pain. v-You reckless men and women whoare pestered with corns and who have,at least once a week invited an awfuldeath from lockjaw or blood poisor.are now told by a Cincinnati authorityto use a drug called FREEZONE,whichthe moment a few drops are appliedto any corn or callous the soreness isrelieved and soon the entire corn orcallous, root and all, lifts off with thefingers.FREEZONE dries the moment it isapplied, and simply shrivels the cornOr callous without inflaming or evenirritating the surrounding tissue orskin. A small bottle of FREEZONKwill cost very little at any of the dmhtores, but will positively rid one's feetof every hard or soft corn or hardenedcallous. If your druggist hasn't anyFREEZONE he can get it at any wholesale drug house for you.(Adv.)SHOE FAMINE WILLNOT HIT THE ARMYAKRON, O., May 7. "The UnitedStates Army or Navy will not be effected by the shoe famine which nowprevails in European countries, dueto the fact that the requirements ofhe allied armies are so great," saidan official of -one of the large rubbercompanies of Akron recently.! This statement was brought forthby the publication ot an announcementfrom Rome, Italy, made by John F.Stucks, Vice President of the American Chamber of Commerce and General Manager of the American ShoeMachinery Company, in Italy, when hesaid, "A bare-footed Europe is not improbable if the war continues. Atj he present time a .pair of heavyj nountain shoes will last a soldierabout six weeks and the soles andheels of these shoes are even studded with hobnails to secure this sei.vice." j One of the officials of the B. F. Goodrich Co(mpany, in commenting furtherupon this article, said, "If this government should adopt rubber footwearor its Army and Navy, thereby securng not only an unlimited supply ascompared with the leather shoe, longerservice and greater comfort to themen would be assured at no greatercost than leather equipment."DON'T LET YOUR COUGH HANG ONI A cough that racks an weakens isdangerous, it undermines your healthand thrives on neglect. Relieve it atonce with Dr. King's New Discovery.This soothing balsam remedy healsthe throat, loosens the phlegm, its antiseptic properties kill the germ andthe cold is quickly broken up. Children and growns-ups alike find Dr.King's New Discovery pleasant totake as well as effective. Have a bottle handy in your medicine chest forgriippe, croup and all bronchial affections. At druggists, 50c.(may-adv)NOT ELIGIBLE FOR PRIMARYMen moving into the State last September are not eligible to vote in theState primary. This opinion wasgiven recently by Assistant AttorneyGeneral Morris. He held, also thatwomen entitled to vote at the lastNovember election, but who failed toregister, will be entitled to vote inthe school primary provided theyregister at a special registration heldbefore the primary.BEST REMEDY FORWHOOPING COUGH"Last winter when my little boy hadthe whooping cought I gave him Chamberlain's Cough Remedy," writes MrsJ. B. Roberts, East St Louis, 111. "Itkept his cough loose and relieve himof those dreadful coughing spells. Itis the only coug'.i medicine I keep inthe house because I have the (mostconfidence in it" This remedy i5also good for colds and croup.(may-adv)COL. WALTON, CHAIRMANOF PUBLICITY BUREAU.Colonel W. P. Walton, widely knownjournalist of Lexington, has receivednotice of his appointment by Governor Stanley as Chairman of the Publicity Department of the State Tuberculosis Association, and will assumeliis duties at once. Colonel Walton isalso named by the Governor as a del-egate to the National Tuberculosis As-sociation Convention, which meets atCincinnati, May 9, 10 and 11.GTRARD PLACES HIGHESTIMATE ON GERMANY.CHICAGO, May 4. "Germany cansend out submarines as fast as shecan train crews to man them," declared James W. Gerard, former AmericanAmbassador to Germany, in an addresstn thP. Chicaeo Bar Association."Thp. German munition factories areworking at full blast. They lacknickel, used in the jnanufacture or Digshells, but they are trying hard tomake up this deficiency. Germany hasmore men in the field than ever before. She is at this time the strongestmilitary power on eartn. Our peopledo not grasp the magnitude of the warThe nation is not awake.fip.rard was the honor guest at aluncheon at the University Club. Representatives of Polish, organizationscalled on him Thursday afternoon andthanked him for what he had done inbehalf of Polish war sufferers.a Ttaston nhvsician. lias pointed outthe danger of wearing clothes, Givethe girls a few more, doctor, and they-vviirescape the danger. .OPPORTUNITYMr. R. F. Clendenin, Associate General Agent forthe Northwestern Mutual Life Insurance Company, inone day recently, sold 100,000 worth of life insuranceover local and long distance lines of the Home TelephoneCompany and because of such an amount of businessaccumulated in one day, he divides the honors with usfor the efficient telephone service rendered. This is asplendid record for both Telephone and Insurance Companies, Mr. Clendenin says; "The service I get from yourCompany is all that I could ask, and on the closing dayof my campaign I used it with wonderful success."Such an opportunity in facilitating business shouldbe grasped by the public in general in employing co-operation,efficiency and confidence.Peris Home Telephone 8 Telegraph Go,(Incorporated)J. J. VBATCH,W. H. CANNON,Local Manager.HERE IS A GOOD PLACE TO STOP FOR LITTLE MONEY.LOUISVILLE HOTEL, Louisville, Ky., Main St, bet 6tb& 7tb.The Only Hotel in Louisville Operated on the American and European PUjwAMERICAN PLAN Rooms without Bathv but with Hot and Colo? Rvnnlniwatei' (With Meals)75 Rooms single, ?2.00 per day; 2 people, $2.00 each.50 Rooms . Single, 2.50 per day; 2 people, 2.25 each50 Front Rooms Single, 3.00 per day; 2 people, 2.50 eachRooms with Private Bath:50 Rooms single, 3.00 per day; 2 people, 2.75 eack50 Rooms single, 3.50 per day; 2 people, 3.00 eaekEUROPEAN PLAN Rooms without Bath but with Hot and Cold RunningWater (Without Meals)75 Rooms Single, ?1.00 per day; 2 people, $0.75 eac50 Rooms single, 1.25 per day; 2 people, XOO eaca50 Front Rooms single, 2.50 per day; 2 people, 1.25 eacaRooms with Private Bath:50 Rooms single, 1.50 per day; 2 people, U35 aach50 Rooms single, 2.00 per day; 2 people, XJO tcfe .THE OLD INN, Louisville, Ky., Cor. 6th and Main Sts., European Pm Qaty.Rooms Without Bath, $1 and up; Rooms With Private Batf), fUf hbc .BEST EATING PLACE IN TOWN.The Louisville Hotel and the Old Inn are located in the wholfifctffifeand only a three-block's walk to the retail district and theatres.Automobile Hearse or Ambulance!I desire to announce to our friends that I can, wheredesired, furnish an automobile hearse or ambulance. Thismeth od of transpertation is especially desired on long tripe,the s ame being made in better time, and at no advance incost over the horse-drawn conveyance.GEO. W. DAVIS, Funeral Director.rSpecialIs Called To Our?SUMMER DRY GOODS,DRESS GOODS, SILKS,LADIES' SUITS, SILK SUITS,! SILK SKIRTS, COATS, WAISTS.Handsome Display ofLADIES', MISSES' AND CHILDREN'S .TRIMMED HATSWE GIVE BLUE STAMPS. Call in. We are pleasedto show you. We are reasonable in price, and will saveyou on your purchases.Civin Bros. Department storeSmntft and main St$. Pari$, KentuckyI BourbonDWIS & FUNK, Props.Telephone No. 4.,. r' -j w v &?r i in -T3aiMg"" ' "zAjlr.,JG&HKXSJKSrf VUMBJfv iTUFlT TTT1 1 17V-Jgt '';"?, to do work inferior toQ8Si5--BourbonI ZDT JParis KMtubky.-. TADistrict Manager.THOMAS K. SMITH,Cashier.AttentionPretty Display Ofj1LaundryWest 5 Street! Satisfaction is OarWatchwordWith all the latest improvements in laundryflTmlianpps nnrl ornorf? r -T ir-neipers we are Drenaredd iw?7 Jjauvuagc. MLaundry,v-1j-iwtfl'I-Ailifs1".S.S..TUESDAY, MAY , U 17.PAGl EIGHTTHE BOURBON NEWS, PARIS, KY.U! v.1!isMILLERSBURG' Mrs. J. W. Gardner is visiting inSomerset for a few days.Mr. Albert Endlcott, of Atlanta,Gju, is the guest of his father, Mr. S.- H. Endicott.Mr. and Mrs. William Cannon, ofParis, are guests of her parents, Mrs.ad Mrs. C. H. Jones.Mr. and Mrs. T. K. Smith and lit-ti daughter, Evelyn, are guests of hemother, Mrs. Minnie Hurst and familyThe streets were oiled here Thurs-. day and Friday, dust is laid and ourDEATHS.EARLS.Mrs. X.ucy Petree, of this city, re-Ixmsekeepers will now get busy in fln- ceiVed information of the death of her'brother, Mr. Benjamin F. Earles, agedJOHNSON.The body of J. W. Johnson, whodied in Lexington, Saturday, wastnkp.n to his old home at North Mid-dlebown. Sunday, for burial in theNorth Middletown Cemetery. Mr.Johnson was a well-known young farmer of that vicinity, and had been 111only a short time in Lexington.ashing their housecleaning,ine mianu ot ur aim fa"; eighty-two . Mr. Earls, who has beenterred in the Millersburg Cemetery, home m Salt Lake City, Uh, on the5Frida first of Iav- TIle ody was ken toMrs. W. A. Muczing returned to Savanah, Md, the former home of thefcer home at Maysville. Friday, after o family, for interment,few days visit to her mother, and sisterMrs. Martha imont, and Miss Florence Vimont.Messrs. Russell Caldwell, JulianT. Adair and Allen Ingels, of this city,Trent to Paris, Monday, to take examination for admission to the Officers'Heserve Corps, conducted by Capt.Golderman, of the United States Array.MATTINGLY.I Mr. Robert T. Mattingly, aged sixty-nine,a (prominent miller of Cornishville, died Saturday afternoon inthe Elmwood Sanitarium, near Lexington, after an illness of several weeks.Mr Mattingly was brought to Sf.VISITING NURSE'p REPORT.The following is the report of Mrs.Harriet Minaker, Visiting Nurse forthe Bourbon County Health. & WelfareLeague, as submitted at a recentmeeting of that organization:Received for nursing service to Metropolitan Life Insurance Company,?469.00.Received for care of private cases,$12.50.Funds of Health and Welfare Leagueexpended by Nurse, $495.80.Funds of Bourbon County expendedby Nurse, $216.00.Private Donations expended byNurse, $250.00.Health Department:Visits made by Nurse to Metropolltan policy holders 891, Visits made byNurse to patients (not policy holders)605, Visits made for business purposes,investigations, etc., 943; Total, 2,439Schools visited by Nurse 19.School children examined by Nurse540.School Health League organized atLittle Rock, January 31, 1917.Tubercular patients (new in 1916)receiving care of Nurse 16, TubercularBIRTHS.To the wife of Mr. Claude Crouch,near Little Roqk, this cpunty, a daughter. To the wife of Mr. Forrest Buchanan, near Clintonville, ne'e Miss Jennie Miller, a daughter first born.In Covington, to the wife of Mr.Greene Moore, formerly Miss MonaRoss, of Paris, a son. Mother andson doing nicely, while Greene feelsas if he owns the Louisville & Nashville.ComingAttractionsPARISGRAND AND ALAMORELIGIOUS.Rev. Dr. B. A. Dawes, pastor of theFirst Baptist church at Georgetown,resigned his pastorate Sunday, to takeeffect July 31, the expiration of his tenyears' service. Rev. Dawes plans to re-patients (old) receiving care of Nurse tire to his farm in Garrard county, andTiiAw win hn n mPpHiur of tho st. .Tosenh's Hosnital some weeKs agoChautauqua promoters at the oflice of and later removed to the Elmwoodthe Millersburg Coal & Lumber Co. at sanitarium for special treatment.7:30 o'clock to-night Business of iro- Mr Mattingly was the father of Mr.portance to be transacted. All the ,pro- j b t Mattlngly, formerly of Paris.gssjzX; p&js.et" ? st oned ' rny- 5r sThe. W.C.T.U. will hold a meeting as a baggagemaster on the Lexingtonat the Presbyterian church at 2:0) Maysville run on the Louisville &O'clock fiis afternoon. This will be Nashville, and now residing in Covingfollowed 'iy a meeting at three o'clock ton. Besides his son, Mr. Mattingly isfor the purpose of organizing a Chap- survived by his widow, Mrs. Mattie Bter of the American Red Cross Society. Mattingly, and five children, Wm. T.2Ars. John F. Davis, of Paris, will be and B. O. Mattingly, of Arizona; Mrs.tie jprincipal speaker. All the ladies Beatrice Greer, of Memphis, Tenn.,e.re urged to be present. Mrs. Mattie Gray, of Grays, Ky.; andThe flag raisin which was to Miss Mayme Mattingly, of Cornishville.have taken place on the Graded School The body was removed to thegrounds last Friday afternoon was home of his sister, Mrs. Louis Steelepostponed until this afternoon. Let The fUneral services were held at St.everybody be prosent to show your Peter.s Catilolic church, in Lexington,pamousm 10 your country uuu juui vesterdav m0rninff at nine o'clock.JWJUCUL LU VJ1U VJIUI.. Aiiu iiufa ionnrpliaspcl hv the students of tlltj. school, and will be raised with appro- Cemetery.morningThe burial followedin the Catholicpriatfcs cereononies.Quite a number from here attended the dedicatory exercises of the newMasonic Temple at Carlisle, Friday af. tjernoon, and took in the special work' in the evening. Daugherty Lodge hasTHINGS TO WORRY ABOUT.found who would gladly and willinglygive up their autos without commentin case the machines should be reuse:Patriotic mass-meetings for men andwomen are all right in a way, but howmnnv nlpajsiirp-lnviner jnen and womena handsome temple, one that any or- . . Q . TOnrlinn nnnniv nnil1fi iloaer may ue uruuu ui. .. mic uui2nce was in attendance, the work being done by Past Grand Master S. K.Veatcli. of Carlisle. In the afternoonexercises in the nresentation of the quistioned for GovernmentalSag by Mr. Ines Ross, every heart was "Aye, there's the rub!"stirred to patriotism and there was Lord Cundiffe, Director of the Bankscarcely a dry eye. It was one of the of Englan(L aml members of the Enmost pleasant events of tlie kind in tente 0ommissioil( llow in America-cTtoundtv-Schaol Day was a could not find time to visit Lexington,busy day here. Work began early. Too bad, too bad!the church bells were ringing before6 o'clock- The inmates of every home CYNTHIANA ORGANIZESwere out early making preparations for , RED CROSS CHAPTERthe busy morning- hour. Committeeshad been out during the week solicit- a permanent organization of a Chap-ing for the largest attendance ever af. ter 0f tiie American Red Cross SociSunday School in all the churches m ety was effected at Cvnthiana, FridayMillersburg at any one time ; Their ef- after at a meeting held in thearolinand in all the churches. Many pledges forty ladies signed for membership.taKen in ail uu cuuiuio i-j uc,uuig ...v D .... r. . ,. rni tjskIo Place nf thpregular members. The Sunday School at the meeting: President, Mrs. L. Scions; to the Mens Bible Class ot tneoutlook was never brighter in Millers- Givens; vice-president, Mrs. Orie Le Christian Church for its great assist23; Total 44.,Deaths frodn tuberculosis in 1916(white patients) 5, Deaths from tuberculosis in 1916 (colored patients 7;Total 12.Births, Visiting Nurse in attendance25.Welfare Department40 families (white, town and county)suppiled with coal, food, clothing andmedicine.25 families (colored) supplied withcoal, food, clothing and medicine.20 patients sent to physicians fortreatment.14 patients sent to hospital.2 cases sent to Bowling Green forPasteur treatment.2 cases having home operationsNurse assisting.5 cases having office operations.Nurse assisting.2 cases receiving treatment atNurse's office.1 case taken to Cincinnati for surgicalexamination.9 cases given lodging.3 families sent out of town.1 case sent to family in Louisville.1 case sent to Hope Mission, Louisville.1 case sent to Salvation Anmy, Lexington. 4 children sent to Kentucky Receiving Home, Louisville.1 child provided with brace througnthe kindness of a "big brother."1 tubercular patient provided withsleeping porch.1 patient supplied with ?6 worth ofbandages,4 homes in county fumigated.7 homes in town reported' for fumigation. 250 children (40 from county) givensubstantial gifts and made happy byCommunity Christmas celebration.46 baskets sent out by pupils of colored school to their own poor, sick andased.From 20 to 50 children getting theirlunch each day at Nurse's office by the"Penny Lunch," which was startedJanuarv 19. 1917. 4The officers of the Health and Welfare League join me in expressinggreatful appreciation to our physiciansfor their willing service; to our cityand county officials for their hearty cooperation; to our business men, lodgesand churches for their generous cionatake a rest. He is the father of Mr. CC. Dawes, recently Secretary of theBourbon County Y. M. C. A., and now amember of the Paris Public School faculty.At the Christian church Sunday,Rev. W. E. Ellis celebrated the fifthanniversary 'of his pastorate. Rev.Ellis preached a most excellent sermon on tne suoject ot rne joys orThe Christian Ministry." At theevening service the choir, under thedirection of Mr. A. L. Boatright, rendered a special musical program ofdecided excellence.TuesdayAlice Brady and Carlysle Biackweli, in"Madnessof Helen"World Feature.Chas. Richman and Dorothy Kelly in the eleventh episode of"The SecretKingdom"WEDNESDAY.Lou Tellegne in"Victoria Cross"A beautiful story produced right.Lask on Paramount Projram, Bray'r.Cartoons and Holmes' Travels.THURSDAY.Gladys Coburn in"The Battle of Life"Fox feature. Hank Mann, and CarmenPhillips in "There's Many a Fool." Another Fox scream in two parts.irlotsrs-Aiamo, 2 to 5:30; Paris Grand,7 0 1 QsSO, Admission 5 and 1 Oc.1., 'JHUf . tAlMATRIMONIAL.o4.It is rumored that the engagementJL ci t7lliviu 11 cum yjJU.itxt j uuufarmer of this county and an equallywell-known and popular young Parisgirl will soon be announced. THENEWS has endeavored to verify therumor, with the usual resulb. Bothyoung persons make the usual ferviddenial, while at the same time makingactive preparations for the importantevent, which Madam Rumor says willbe a society event of the coming summer.K HOUSInterior DecoratingE & SIGN PAINTINGHard Wood FinishingWALLPmtmmm Tim fcC DEL HPARENTS-TEACHERS MEETPAINTS WINDOW GLASSEAGLE and DUTCH BOY WHITE LEADSHERWIN-WILLIAMS MIXED PAINTSBERRY BROTHERS, and PRATT &. LAMBERTCELEBRAtED VARNISHESA called .meeting of the Parent ITeachers Association of this city washelled at the Paris High School yesterday afternoon at 3:15 o'clock, atwhich business ot importance wastransacted. Subjects of especial interest to the parents and teachers werediscussed by the members."The Best," Our MottoC. A. DaughertyFifth and iVIain StreetsParis, Kentucky!ance innnnlvinfr rro 1 tn flip T1PPMVgrowing bus. secretary, Mrs. Daisy J. Van h J. -T nlzatIonfciDeren; treasurer, Mrs. W. L. North- lX..Mrh 1uvVfi SD creatlv Riven their timeforDANCE-TO HONORTHE NEW RECRUITSdren'sLunch.burg. This work has beensteadily for several years.j.ne annual .uahumu acuuuu w ,lff - ,, " i..- e an,iD-lkmittT T.-H 'n 40 F nncl M was v'ul', "r SewiHS aU LI1U i"aviu6 "- "v, .tactad at thej.Meti.odist Church, At a former meeting it was decide,! articles; and to the friend whoM gen.i.,,. o,.i iinninr at 7-20 that the Chapter would take a course , erosity has made .possible the Cnil-- . .". . T. ,. a 1. I !. il. :n;..A,l ..n.lnv. inm rlwnn'c? C- T'i'cf TT1 U QRev. K. C. GolGsniitn, ot tne isatist m iirsL-a.m-Lu-uie-ijuicu, uuci .i.Churcli, officiating. The services were ipetent instructors. Mrs. Samuel Benfully up to the average. While Rev netf 0f Lexington, was to have beeiiGoldsmith is comparatively a new present and give valuable informationMason, he showed by his discourse as tQ what a chaptcr coui(i do to rethat he had given the subject and cause distress in time of war. but shemuch consideration. It was a gooc . .sermon, and he left many lasting s unavoidably detained,truths that will long be rememberedby those who heard him. The musicalnroeram. under the direction of Mrs.D. P. Jones, was equally good, atfd the ,well rendered. TheChristmas" and the "PennyRespectfully submitted,HARRIET P. MINAKER.GAME WARDENS WILL NOTBE INTERFERED WITH.s1svs ? e TeTtother pastors of the town assisted in And now comes along the "Patrithe services. otic Dance," as the latest society fad!. I Plans are being perfected for a mon-FRESCRIPTIONS OUR SPECIALTY. Jster benefit dance to be held in Lex-Jington during the coming week inGoods delivered free to all parts of ( honor of the men of the Blue Grassthe county. Prescriptions filled wll0 are soon 0 ieave for the officers'promptly and correctly is spec1'' training camp at Fort Benjamin Har-Uon t torget aenverea tree to an yaitoof the county. "?,.2t) VARDEN & SON.RAILWAY SURGEONS TOMEET IN LOUISVILLE.Some days ago THE NEWS published an account of the semi-humorous experiences of Game WardenBush Bishop and an assistant with thesoldiers at the Townsend bridge, onthe Louisville & Nashville, belowParis. Mr. Bishop affirmed the particulars, with the exception that his companion in distress was Mr. OwenGibson, of the local postoffice force,instead of Mr.. Squires.Mr. Bishop, who is the Game Warden for the State-at-large, showedTHE NEWS man Saturday a copy o-JR ft III SI EoV M Til Ml I 4x'CflS U U W h I Xfl ij w ri Bi fjffi v -Mil !-ttSffi Jt0-flipTHE H!GHST OF LIVING!Dan Cohen Cuts the Shoe Cost!rison, in Indiana, the entire proceedsto go to the American Red Cross Society.A joint committee, composed o!i wfQT. winVii imrl hp.fin sent to Mrprominent society people of Lexing- T nn5ncv Ward. Executive Agent orton and nearby towns, met at the j the gtate Game and Fish CommissionPTinfn?Y TTnt.pl. iti TAvinprtn. last, i . ,- . i. ; .., MnrDTnittnrly , ,. . ,. T-tVf , . at iranKiort, wuu m ium .The annual meeting of the Kentucky night to compiete plans and perfect I .. tn all the 0 wardens. Theii T:l.....r- Cnonrannc' AacrtOmtmn t r 1 T uuj.w" . wouitw iiiiiwa.jo ouifocvuo iwx-.w. v.. arrangements, iuiss uaroiyu iw&uwill be held at the Seelbach Hotel, in jerryr 0f Paris, represented Paris andLouisville, Wednesday and Thursday, Bourl)011 county on the committee.2kay 8 and 9. The meeting will be pre-1sided over by the President, Dr. J. B. pjRESCRIPTIONS OUR SPECIALTY.Kinnaird, of Lancaster.Dr. Charles G. Daugherty, of Paris, I Goods delivered free to all parts ofis on the program for an address on the county. Prescriptions filled- "Five Cases of Fracture of Base and promptly and correctly is our speci-JL f t f qiu fni -ally. Don't forget delivered free to all11UCC Vfwea ji. i.juvvuv, wkvw.w..., - .lowed by discussion of the x subject by-Drs. R. C. McChord, L. L. Robinsonand J. F. Fythian. Dr. Daugherty willparticipate in the discussion of an address by Dr. B. F. Zimmerman, of Louisville, on "Injuries to the Brain."rarts of the county,2t)VARDEN & SON.THE WEATHER.OUR SYMAPTHY.The weather forecast for the weekbeginning Sunady, 3Iay 6, as sent outI from the Weather Bureau at Washington, does not hold mucn encourage-Iment for gardeners and farmers inthewav nf fnir nnrl wnrmo.r xvpat.hpr. TheThe deepest symathy of the Ken-tucky editors goes out to Mr. wm.i For OWo and Tennessee: qm-Henry Jones, editor of The IasS 'greater part of week. Local rainsRepublican, wnose iib " Monday or Tuesday, otherwise gener-entire newspaper (plant was recentlydestroyed by fire. Mr. Jones had someinsurance, but as the rate on printingally fair.letter reads as follows. ,"Headquarters of the EasternDepartment United StatesArmy, Governor's Island, NewYork, May 2, 1917."Game and Fish CQmmission,"Frankfort, Ky.,"Gentlemen:"The Department Commander directs me to acknowledge receipt ofyour letter of April 24, and to say thatthe Commanding Officers of the First,Second and Third Regiments of Kentucky Infantry have been directed tocomply with your request not to intnrram with thP Game Wardens in pa-li. U . nfroomo nf thp stntft and toUUUU& UIO Dl.i&u."iW v... w..wprohibit the shooting of fish by members of their organizations on guarlduty." L ,Warden Bishop returned Saturdayfrom Irvine, where he had been to attend the trial of three men who hadbeen caught in the act ot gigging fishin Drowning 'Creek, in Estill county.The arrests were made by DeputyGame Warden R. M. Tharp, of Estillnnimtv- The men arrested weVe.EurrV . Anl -ts-k11 ilsbl gyfl 1 lorf irtrt1 'chinery is so high, his policies will J JB w "igrne Miller Wesley McKinley andnot 7er the loss. He is a man not. W . . . h Wade Metcalfe. They were fined JUvery easily discouraged. lwever. ann . - d costs each by Judge DaviQ eis .1 ai. Mrnant tn rlPAr sOOH XjL . . x v-we Gonnaem.! v , - snow or rain. Gardens and lou- vcrops are in need of sunshine to complete the work started by the warjnrains of some days ago The weatherthe'Reupblican rising triumphant fromthe asheerv TT.Uftr now bOP Ult God willwin. tkA fiarmans. He used to td--vertfee-Ms o4tlfe appeera'nee.TAmmeo 4 a sYvnn rlp.al like a WOOd-un le it helps a pian on his way, hut11IL-jman neets to be torpedoed, dr ga- e see where he'd be happier witjranizedinto tkrowjns in c thex fair ouCit u' ".J "- x - ' ' " 'An immense outlet, giving us;apurctisrngrpower unequaled by any other organization; makes this .store ; theBIGGEST BARGAIN SHOE HOUSED INewJ bargains dailyreceived. If you wantJLtheHJatestJ novelties andexclusiveHigh Grade Men's, Women's and Children'sSpring Footwear!Visit our store, compare? Quality,ns tyfes and prices, andyou will take advantage of the WONDERFUL SHOE VALUESat less than they can be bought wholesale.Ladies' White Kid or Rich BrownRuss. Tan BootsLadies' Gray and White Kid Ka-tinka Pump3Ladies' White Canv. Sea IslandBoots and PumpsLadies' Kid Lace Boots andPumps which add grace to yourfootLadies' Pat. Dull Kid aQ tto AOBoots and Pumps at. . . ip5W3 AZfLadies' Pat and Gun Metal Shoes - QCand Slippers at l3f 5!$4.S53.492.493.49Men's Plat. Calf Eng. and Medium M& Toe Shoes and Oxfords, W.-0....$4.00Men's RussiarTTan English "Shoes andLOxfords.JW.-0... $4.50 UPMen's Gun Metal and Tan Shoes -and Oxfords, Walk-Over 3.50Men.s Gun 'Metal, Button and 0 -and Lace, good quality 2.99Men's Tan Lace Oxfords -at 2.49Men's GunlMetal High Shoes and -Oxfords .t. l.ijyIBoys', Misses' and Children'slShoes and Slippers AtONE-HALF THE PRICE, YOU PAY ELSEWHEREUDAN COHENParis'. GreatestJShoe StoreWhere Beauty and Economy ReignN?y