V H" A. 'p.'' V'' ,. "-W,it 'm-i- fcta"'rs-5w'- f..hTHE BOURBON NEWSIV --U ,tv-'j Bt ":,' ."., -V' " 'PUBLISHED EVERY TUESDAY AND FRIDAY IN THE YEAR.VOLUME XXXVIIPARIS, BOURBON COUNTY, KENTUCKY, FRSDAY, DECEMBER 28. 1917kW "- - i - -.V, K,tii,"rJITGOVERNMENT TO TAKE CONTEOL OP RAILROADS TO-DAYGovernment possession and operation of the nation's railroads for thewar has been proclaimed by President Wilson, to become effective atnoon to-day, December 28. Wm. G.McAdoo, retaining his place in thecabinet as Secretary of the Treasury,is placed in charge as director-generalof railroads.Every railroad engaged in generaltransportation with its appurtances,including steamship lines, is takenover and all systems will be operatedas one under the director-gejieral.In a statement accompanying hisproclamation, the President announced that as soon as Congress reassembles he will recommend legislation, guaranteeing pre-war earnings and maintenance of railroadproperties in good repair.Government backing will be givento new issues of railroad certificates, that a ready market may befound.The President's move, althoughforecast for weeks, came at thistime as a great surprise to nearlyeverybody in Washington, includingrailroad officials. It had been generally believed he would await thereassembling of Congress before taking any step. He acted throughSecretary of War Baker under authority conferred in the army appropriation act.Direct management of the roads" will remain in the hands of railroad officials and the railroads warboard, comprised of five railroadheads, will continue to direct actualoperations under Secretary McAdoo's general supervision.IS S3 KJ'UGHTLESS NIGHTS."Acting under instructions received from the United States Fuel Administration, the Fuel Committee ofBourbon County issues the followingorder effective at once:All signs of every kind, includingmerchants' signs, theatre signs, alsodisplay lighting on buildings andelsewhere, hotel signs and advertising signs are ordered discontinuedcompletely on Thursday and Sundaynights of each week. On these samenights stores not open for businessmust not show inside lights morethan necessary for safety and extrabright lighting for white way effectmust be reduced on Thursday andSunday nights, giving only so muchlighting as is necessary for ' safety.These nights are called "LightlessNights."Householders are urged to observethese nights with as few lights inhomes as possible.Please understand that the spiritof this order is that on Thursday andSunday nights there shall 'be nomore outdoor lighting than is absolutely necessary for safety of streets,passages and dangerous spots.This ruling is counted on not onlyto effect a substantial saving of coal,but to provide startling visual evidence that the United States is engaged in the conduct of the greatestof world wars.This cancels provious orders givenin regard to illuminated signs.J. H. THOMPSON, Chairman.W. O. HINTON, Secretary.December 27. 1917.PLOT TO POISON RED CROSSBANDAGES FRUSTRATEDA plot to poison Red Cross bandages and spread wholesale deathamong the soldiers of America andher allies has been exposed and frustrated at Cleveland, O.Revelations of the conspiracy weremade when it become known thatDepartment of Justice agents werehunting preparators of the deed.Three thousand, four hundred surgical dressings, rolled by patrioticwomen in Toledo, were infected witha mysterious greenish poison whilein transit between Toledo and Cleve-Inimediately every one of the 3,400bandages was burned. They weredestroyed secretly in the rear of theRed Cross warehouses here.Every effort was made to keep thematter secret, and it was successfulfor a while. Officials of the lakedivision of the Red Cross refused todiscuss the poisoned bandages, butthe authoritive information was i ob--tainedthat the bandages had beendestroyed and that governmentagents, aided by slender clews, were"Hrying to solve the mystery.The poisoned bandages were partof the periodical shipments receivedat the local headquarters of the lake- division from Red Cross headquartersin other cities in the division, which'.comprise Ohio, Indiana and Ken-tuckyThe box of bandages arrived atCleveland from the Toledo chapterlast week, and was taken to thewarehouse. While women were examining the huge quantity of surgical dressings as to specifications, adark greenish substance was noticedon one of them. Investigation showed that all of the bandages in theboxes had been treated with poison.All the bandages made by the RedCross workers of Central Kentuckywere sent to the Cleveland headquarters, including those made bythe Bourbon County Chapter.ARMY DESERTERS RETURNED TOFT. THOMAS.Chief of Police Fred Link returnedWednesday night from Ft. Thomas,the U. S. military reservation nearNewport, where he turned over tothe U. S. Army authorities CecilMaines and Dock Wunegardner,whom he arrasted here on suspicionof being deserters from an armycamp.While at the Tenth street passenger station of the L. & N., ChiefLink's attention was attracted to thesuspicious actions of two young men,who had just alighted from a southbound freight train. They weretaken in charge by the Chief, whosequestioning drew from them the admission that they had left theirquarters at Camp Shelby, near Hattiesburg, Miss., without permission,to spend the holidays at their homesnear Cynthiana, intending to returnio the camp.The men were turned over to theauthorities at Ft. Thomas and theirrecords "looked up. They will be sentback to Camp Shelby nuder guard.Army deserters from Southerncamps should give Paris a wideberth. Paris being on the through ,route from the South the police will jnaturally be on the lookout for soldiers who are absent from campwithout leave, and will certainlytake them in on suspicion.When the men were searched theyhad no money and stated that theyhad made their way from the campon freight trains, and had beenwell treated all the way. Theysaid they were members of the149th Infantry, at Camp Shelby, atHattiesburg, Mississippi.E3 lJBIG STARS IN "THE TENDEREOOT" TO-MORROW.To what lengths a woman will gofor the man she loves, although sheknows he is promised to another, isstrikingly shown in "The Tenderfoot," the Greater Vitagraph BlueRibbon Feature, which will be theattraction at the Alamo Theatre andParis Grand to-morrow. In thissecond of the famous Wolfville talesby Alfred Henry Lewis, to be picturized by Greater Vitagraph, theTenderfoot, to protect the name ofthe Western girl who uses his loveas a plaything, must fight the worstman in Wolfville or be branded acoward.The Western girl to save him fromcertain death professes affection forthe bad-man, plies him with liquorand loads his pistol with harmlesscartridges. Knowing nothing of thisand his fiancee having fled the townthe Tenderfoot meets his adversaryin Wolfville's saloon and after anexchange of shots drives him fromtown. And then, no longer a Tenderfoot, he learns what the Westerngirl has done and they are married.Two Vitagraph stars of adventurein "The Fighting Trail" and "DeadShot Baker," William Duncan andCarol Holloway, are cast in the leading roles, supported by FlorenceDye, Joe Rryan, Walter L. Rodgers,Charles Wheelock, Hattie Buskirkand Fred Forrester.ttl WB IBRED CROSS MANAGERS TO WINDUP AFFAIRS.All campaign workers who participated in the recent drive for membership in the Red Cross Chapter ofBourbon county, are requested tobring in their reports and all thosewho pledged membership over thetelephone, are asked to come in person and pay their membership feesor mail checks to Mrs. Frank P.Kiser, at Paris.The managers of the campaignwill be at the Red Cross headquarters in the Bourbon-AgriculturalBank building, at the corner of Mainand Broadway all day to-day, forthe purpose of settling up affairspertaining to the drive.E3NEW SERIES OF CHRISTMAS!SAVING CLUB STARTS jOur new series of Christmas Sav:ngs Accounts starts this week. Start 'vours to-day and have some cash tospend next ChristmasPEOPLES DEPOSIT BANK &TRUST COMPANY.1 T feIN THE SERVICE.Dr. J. Milton Stern, lately of Paris,and now stationed at Ft. Oglethrope,in Georgia, as a member of the ArmyMedical Reserve Corps, has receivedhis commission as First Lieutenantin the service. This is in the natureof a promotion, Dr. Stern having entered the service as' an officer in thelower grade. He is a capable andexperienced oculist and will be incharge of the examination of recruits at Ft. Oglethrope. vMr. Lee Masterson, formerly employed in the automobile business in'TParis and Lexington, left yesterdayfor the Great Lakes Naval TrainingStation, at Great Lakes, 111., wherehe will enter the mechanical service in the aviation section of theUnited States Flying Corps.THE KAISER BARELY ESCAPESDEATH: SUCH ROTTEN LUCK!The following notice to regis-A dispatch to the daily papers trants under the selective draft lawyesterday contained the following: was posted in the Court House yes-"GBNEVA, Dec. 27. The Ger- terday, following similar ones postman Emperor, returning with his ed from day to day at the same placestaff from the Verdun front, had a by the Bourbon County' Board of Exnarrow escape during the reprisal emption:raid of a British air squadron on "Notice To Registrants Under theMannheim Christmas Eve, according Jurisdiction of this Local Boardto a dispatch from Basel. whose order numbers are betweeir"Only an hour earlier the Em- 811 and 888, inclusive:peror's special train left the station,' "There has been mailed to yonwhich was partly destroyed by sev- this day a questionarie, which youeral bombs. A section of the tracks are requested by law to execute andwas torn up, cutting communication return within seven days from date,north. "Failure to do so constitutes a"In fact, the Emperor's train was misedeanor, punishable by not to exlast to leave Mannheim, and no ceea one year's imprisonment, andtrains arrived at Basel Wednesdayfrom that city. Two bombs fell onthe palace and one on the suspension bridge across the Neckar River,both structures being badly damaged." "5 ?E3 ?NEW, OIL INSPECTOR.County Judge C. A. McMillan madea good appointment - Wednesdaywhen he notified Mr. Harry O. James,of the Paris Billiard Co., that hewould from now on fill the positionof County Oil and Gasoline Inspector. Mr. James accepted the trustand was sworn into office at nineo'clock that morning.The position pays about $1,000 ,per year, the term of office runningfour years. Mr. James succeedsMr. B. J. Brannon, of the firm ofBradley & Brannon, who has heldthe position by appointment under Jthe administration of former CountyJudge Denis Dundon, Judge McMillan's predecessor.Mr. James' appointment will meetwith universal approval, especiallyamong the good Democrats of thecounty. He has been one of themost faithful and tireless workers inthe Democratic ranks, and has neverlost an opportunity of doing all inhis power for the Democratic candidates, whether in city, county, Stateor National elections.3 JEl ESSTATE COMMISSIONER TO HEARWRECK EVIDENCE JAN. 10.The State Railroad Commission. '"has set January. 10, 19 18" a!sKthedate for hearing the evidence of thetrain crews of the Louisville andNashville iRailroad Company, whichwere in the collision at Shepherdsville in regard to the wreck. Thehearing will be held in Louisville atthe Seelbach Hotel. The order forthe hearing was entered followingreport of the company to the commission of the collision.s: We Express1 WE KNOW M0W !Thanks and HeartyAppreciationto our friends and patrons who have so liberallypatronized us during the year, and we sincerely trusts that we have merited a continuance pf their patronage.We Wish You All A Happy andProsperous New Year!w 1MMITCHELL &NOTICE TO REGISTRANTS.such failure may also deprive you of Jvaluable rights and result in yourimmediate induction into militaryservice and trial by court martial."The notice is signed by CountyClerk Pearce Paton as a member ofthe Board.The following is a list of regis-lalsoIrants to whom questionaires hbeen sen. and returiied on accoof their post0ffice address not beingoopprtoinpri.Harvey Lee Mullikin.William Small.Clarence Washington.Charles Body.Tfaymond Meyers.George Lewis" Payne. -'Henry Ross.JohnJray.. . jgpWillftim Thomas Jolley.Adam Dudley.Leo. W. McKenney,Laurie Buckhalter.William Henry Wilson.Edward Douglas Kellis.George Earlington Letton.William Henry Johnson,George D. Beasley.Elmer Bruce Gross.Julius Talbott. .Jesse Herman Cooper.Frank Screetch.Omer Mers.Tom Reid.Curn Lyons.Albert Monrone Holloway.Beve Wilson.Frank Yearsley.Ollie Roe.James Irvine.?5r sa tsi-HAVE.A SAVINGS ACCOUNT.HAVE CASH NEXT CHRISTMASOur new Christmas Savings Clubhas started. Be one of our manyhappy holders of a Christmas Savings check next Christmas. Wemailed out over 510,000 worth ofthese checks this week. Be one toreceive a check next year. Startwith us to-day.BOURBON-AGRICULTURAL BANK?- TRUST CO. (It)Our Sincere6ectm iMXfi 'J ,ft I'SiV4VNJ - V i :BLAKEMORENEW WAR ELOUR IS BEINGGROUND BY MILLS.With the exception of the stockson hand at present there will be nomore high-grade patent flour on theParis market for the period of thewar. The Paris Milling Co., and E.F Spears & Sons have received instructions from the Governmentand began Wednesday manufacturing flour under the new regulations.These regulations were formulated by the milling division of theFood Administration. They aredesigned to save 16,000,000 bushelsof wheat in the present crop year.Under these regulations, which provide for the use of 74 per cent, ofof the wheat berry instijiad of but50 per cent., two grades bfi flour willbe eliminated, and the output willbe listed as war flour of the firstand second grades.The change has resulted in a sharpdecline in bran prices and a dropin the prices of other by-productsis expected. The Paris Millingo. stated yesterday tnat tney nadactically been making war flourfor some time, knowing the Government action would be taken.Several milling companies werecompelled to suspend operations temporarily because of lack of properequipment for grinding the new.kflour.Members of the food administration milling division said that because of the large supply of flournow on the market, it would besome time before war flour reachedthe consumer.The new flour, having a largeproportion of bran, will resembleverv closely the Graham flour orwhole wheat flour used in breadmaking:, and will be every bit aswholesome and nuturitous.fe B3 teDANCES GALORE.There will be no dearth of dancingevents to round out the hours for soViety in this section during th. holidays. "-At the Masonic Temple in Paristo-night the annual Christmas danceto be promoted by Ireland "Bit"Davis and Blair Varden, will startthe ball to rolling. Music will befurnished by the Garrett SaxophoneOrchestra and the dancers will havefrom 9:00 p. m. to 3i00 a. m. inwhich to glide through the mazes.On Tuesday night, January 1, theNew Year's Dance, which has become a fixed holiday feature, will begiven at the Masonic Temple. Thefamous Vito Novelty Orchestra, ofNashville, has been engaged for thisoccasion, and from 9:00 to 3:00 thedancers will have "the greatest funever." Mr. John M. Stuart, of Paris,is promoting the dance, which willbe subscription affair, the proceedsto be given to the Soldiers' TobaccoFund.On the following night, Wednesday, January 2. the MillersburgDancing Club will give their annualNew Year's Dance at the Odd Fellows Hall, in that city. The SmithSaxophone Orchestra will furnishmusic from 9:00 to 3:00. Thesedances have always been pleasurableevents, and Millersburg society boysmay be relied upon to have thisdance up to the usual high standard.Several private dances will be heldat different homes throughout theMty and county, and the glad spiritof the Christmas time and the NewYear will spread all over.i fTHE TOBACCO MARKETS .The Bourbon Tobacco WarehouseCompany sold at their sale yesterdav 13.530 pounds of 'tobacco for atotal of $3,496.10, an average of$25.83. The quality of the offering was very poor and grade priceswere stronger than on the closingsale before the holidays.A few of the best crop averageswere as follows:t. tt. TTntson. 2.745 uounds: aver-iI -age $26.80.I Wvntt j& "Lowe. 2.565 nounds: average $27.10.jna.ri.iii et jjawbuu, fuw jv.v.w,average $29.31.The next sale will be held at thehouse to-day.At the Independent House 3,800pounds were sold for an average of$ 27.20. The market was muchi'Stronger at this house than at theclosing sale before the holidays.Only two crops were sold at thissale, the receipts being light. This-u.ir. Ttrin olcrk Tinvp n. snlfi to-dav., uuuac w" ixj .. vBj 5BUSINESS GOOD AT LOCAL POST-OJbIUii.I Postmaster J. Walter Panye reports the volume of Christmas business at the local office as being largerthan that of last year. The receipts!were, of course, larger, owing to increased postage demanded by thewar tax provisions.The money order, and registry department did an unusually largebusiness. The incoming and outgoing mails were full of Christmaspackages, and all departments had11 they could Hq to handle the bus-ULMS , -IMPORTANT! DON'T! PAH TOBEAD THIS!It will require a small army ofmen to take the income tax returssof persons subject to the new law.Collector of Internal Revenue Hairyesterday announced that seven oMcers will start from his headquartersno January 1 and on January 2 ereryone of them will be on the job in thecounty assigned him, to meet thpeople and help them make out tkirincome tax returns. The officer assigned to this county is due to arrivehere on January 14 and to remaimuntil January 26, 1918, both dateinclusive. He will have his office inParis in the court house, where hemay be found every day of the datesstated."It will be well for every unmarried person whose net incomefor 1917is'?l,000 or over, and every married person living with wife or husband whose net income for 91? is$2,000 or over, to call on the, incometax man and learn whether or notthey have to pay any tax," CollectorHaly said. "The person subject totax who doesn't make return in thetime prescribed is going to regret it.The Government will get after allincome tax slackers."There's hardly a business man,merchant or professional man whowon't have to make return of income. Farmers, as a class, will haveto pay the tax. The safe thing todo -is for every person who had atotal income of $1,000 or $2,000, asthe case may be, and who is not sureabout what deductions the law allows him, to play it safe by callingon the income tax man."The man in the field will haveforms for everybody and persons whoexpect to call on him need nottrouble themselves to write to myoffice for forms."3 TB 3B0TJB30N IS NO PLACE POR THEjSBfltKER. "This is no place for a shirker,"remarked one of the bravest of themany women who gave their timeand influence to promoting the workof the Red Cross in this city andcounty in the recent campaign. Herremark was addressed to a shirkingyoung fellow in a crowd of men whohad tried to dodge her, and escasdoing his part in the campaign.Bourbon county has done its assigned part in the Liberty Loan, theRed Cross and the Y. M. C. A. work,and has sent her sons freely to thearmy cantonments in response to thecall to arms. Yet, in spite of allthis there are many in our midstwho do not seem to realize the seriousness of the war or the necessityof backing President "Wilson to thelast man and the last dollar.Slackers and shirkers are not aloneconfined to men who endeavor tododge military service, and, improbable as it may sound, when Bourbon county's proud5 past is recalled,we have some of these people here.Every man or woman- who fails todo his or her part, however small, imhelping Uncle Sam by word or deed,is as much of a slacker or a shirker,as the one who evades the militarydraft.Men who put ur one or even tesrdollars imagine they are equalizingthe burden with the mothers whohave given their boys to the service,or with the boys who are freelyoffering their lives in defense oftheir country. A poor estimate isthus placed on the youth of America. And people- who are asked toassist in certain work and endeavorto evade their service by thrustingthe task upon another on any pretext ome under the head of slackers and shirkers.The young man who was thusmade the target of a woman's scormtried to brave it out, but the sympathy of his associates was very plalmly with the Red Cross worker, andafter turning over his contributioahe hurriedly left the vicinity, convinced that "This is no place for ashirker or a slacker."IS te J5WASHING TO HUNTERS.Acting under instructions fromthe State Game and Fish Commission, Special Deputy Game WardemBush Bishop has issued a warning; vto hunters. The season on rabbitscloses on Dec. 31, and on quail oatJanuary 1. The open season forsquirrels closed on Dec. 27.Under the laws of the State itwill be unlawful for hunters to killor pursue with intent to kill rabbits,quail or squirrels. Many humters'have not troubled themselves tokeep informed on these dates, soWarden Bishop asks THE NEWS togive publicity as a warning to hunt--ers who may become involved isr se- srious trouble by failing to observethe game laws.13 iBi feKEW SEMES- OP CHRISTHASSAVINGS CLUB NOW READYBe one of the happy holders, of aChristmas Savings Check axtChristmas. Start wits us. to-aTin our new series. Y am start ".with 5 cents -or $5.00- sad. kavs a,nice check coaiag mext ftirkitissFARMERS' TKADBsT BANK."- .ZJ'THE BOURBON NEWS. PARIS. KY.sFRIDAY, DECEMBER 28, 1917.PAGE TWO-An1THE BOURBON NEWSabllshed 188135 Years of Continuous Publication.blished Every Tuesday and Friday.r Year... $2.00 Six Months... $1.00Payable in Advance.W!FT Cr!AMP. Editor and Owner.Any erroneous reflection upon thecharacter, standing or reputation of'ma; yzi.jsj.f uiux ui vajiaxuicluasu. uiisaav appear in the columns of THEBOURBON NEWS will be gladly cor-rected if brought to attention of the"liter.ADVERTISING RATESDisplay Advertisements, $1.00 per J make our Christmas more truly hapInch for first time; 50 cents per inch py for ourselves and merry for manyeach subsequent insertion. others?Reading Notices, 10 cents per lineach issue; reading notices in Dack,AVEvype, iu ceu.ua per ime, uauu u&uu.Cards of thanks, calls on candidates, obituaries and resolutions, andsimilar matter, 10 cents per line.Special rates for large advertisements and yearly contracts.The right of publisher is reservedto decline any advertisement or othermatter for publication.Announcements for political officesmust invariably be accompanied bythe cash.hiy-7mzL- - -aEDITORIAL MUSINGS."Somes After-Christmas Thoughts.TVio maKilinnff P TD: "U.. v """w. i. jTdiio nave t-pecial reason, for thankfulness thatthe good Christmas time broughtthem much material prosperity,Their stores were crowded even inthe most inclement weather, and onKa, ttt oimnn;no- nm e c?.,,; ;V" r" " ":r.r,:i'and Monday, and even on Christmasday, their clerks had all they coulddo to accommodate the stream ofcustomers who came and went likethe ebb and flow of a tide. Inquiryof a number of merchants as to howthey fared with their Christmastrade elicited responses that werecheery and enthusiastic, mostly tothe effect that they had had the besttrade for several years. One mer-chant wrho deals in a. varied assort-ment of goods, stated that he was ina panic late Monday afternoon forfear his stock would be sold out, andthat he had very little left. Othersstated that their clerks were kept sou i-u -i. i- i -j..l)usy that it was reahy marvelous theway they got through with thecrowds of shoppers. je t wf&VSzm&riFn.?fei3Er ', .-55-a-U53EM'tmjmx. s- r-s .ivei. .- fb' :-"v8Xp-dlI for everyone., . ! atpti inav annly direct at the ceil-While standing in the Paris post- trat0ffiw in the War College, Newoffice late Monday evening we jwere t R x or they may enroll foramused at a conversation between tbg Second District at the Naval Retwo of Paris' prominent young wo- cruiting Station in the Brooklynmen, who were discussing the Christ- Navy Yard, or in Newark, N. J.,mas time and their beaux. This is Pittsburg, Pa., Minneapolis. Minn.,"what one of them said: and St. Louis, Mo.' "They come, right along the year Information regaiding the Re-around until about the first of De- PorcfhSlinW OfflJeJ at,, ... dressing the .hnrolimg umcer aucember, and then you see them thin. rewDoroufc First one and another disap- It is eXpected that those men whopears until'the first thing you know -q-v fina themselves free to take upyou don't receive a call once in a arms for their country will fill up' -whole week? That is a sure sign that the required quota rapidly.Christmas is at hand. Oh, we've got Those who delay will PhaWythe thins down fine, and we knowTvhat It means. This time, though,when some of the fellows comesneaking back after New Year's andinvite their friends to take a sleighTide or to make a visit to the Alamoor the Opera. House, they'll thinksomething has dropped. The timesmay he hard, but I know a dozengirls who are not so hard up for'steady company1as lu uvtjriuutk. n.case of mysetrious disappearance atChristmas time. Thfe is the seasonof "the year when a younwomancan always tell which one, if any,of her admirers, means business.", , ,r Numerous, indeed, are the heartsto which Christmas brought a briefseason of happiness and enjoyment,How many old recollections, and howmany dormant sympathies does-x ..-. t.- TTr a-iuritsuiuius lime iwu.fe.eu; vc winethese words distant from the spot at, "which, year after year, wre met onthat day a merry and joyous circle.Many -of the hearts that throbbed sogaily then have ceased to beat; manyof the looks that have shown sobrightly then have ceased to glow;the hands we grasped have growncold; the eyes we sought have bidtheir lustre in the grave; and yet theold house on Pleasant street, as itwas then; the room; the merryvoices and smiling faces; the 3est; ;the laugh; the most minute and tri-.vial circumstances connected with!ce happy meetings crowd uponour mind at each recurrence of theseasons, as if the last assemblage had.been but yesterday.' ?pp7' lia:?p' C,hftraaS; ?us d&ckiu me ueiu&iuu ui uui uuijuisa days; that can recall to the oldman the pleasures of his youth; thatcan transport the sailor and thetraveler miles away, back to his ownfireside and his quiet home.Christmas most truly belongs tothe children. It celebrates the eventof the Christ child to whom the wisemen brought gifts, and the shepherdscame and worshipped. Would thatevery child in this land of abundance had received that little portionto fill the hearts with joy and chasethe sobs and tears away. It takesso little to open the founts of joy twould seem so small a portion mightfall to the lot of all the children ofAmerican nonies; dul aias, some were( burdened with gifts till they weariedi in counting them and others whata disappointing Christmas it must'have been! Cannot we be thought-ful one of another and share ouri blessings with those less favored and- 151 is TaCHRISTMASACCOUNT.SAVING.Don't be without somemoney next Christmas.spendingStart aChristmas Saving account NOW.Our new series starts this week.PEOPEES DEPOSIT BANK &TRUST COMPANY.1 tElDON'T BE A "SLACKER.'''The .term "slacker" is an approbriousone in that it includes in itsberenal application those who mayhave just reasons for avoiding military service, as well as those whohave no worthy cause and whoseonly genuine reason is cowardice ora warped idealism.Circumstances, financial or otherwise, have held hundreds of youngmen back from enlistment up tillnow, but changing with changingconditions, many men find themselves in a position to enlist whenthey were not able to ao so before.Such men are at a loss to select aservice.Those whom chance has made freefor action at this time may considerthemselves fortunate, for a few daysago one of the most popular services in the country announced thatii was readv for 2.000 more re-cruits. iThat service is the Naval Reserve jForce of the Second Naval Districtlocated at Newport, R. I. The personal standard of the men in this!branch has been so high that it;o-Ti o coirl to 1-xa nnM of fhf rareiililfa"i- "-"- UU4U. " . ....organiZations in which enlisted men,of sufficient force, education, and in-telligence to deserve recognition bya commission, find themselvesamong men similiarly placed andsimilarly denied a commission bylack of preparation.The truth of that statement is attested bv the fact that men areconsanfty being selected for ensigns'examinations, and assigned later tosmall boat or geneial service withan independent command.Furthermore advancement in rating is constantly open, and menwith any skill in carpenter, mechanical, electrical, stenographic, and aninfinite number of other types ofwork, will find themselves rated in;nmp. ariincerbranch, everyonej-u , nn,--ii f?ivnt f mm, meehan-ical draughsmen to cooks, from musi-1cians to boiler makers win una nerethat their special talent is of directmilitary and pay vaiuein the Reserves.But men whose aim is to oe sea-and to secure ratings later asboatsWains and quartermasters areeouanv desired. There is a chancenna tnemseiveb uu "Y," "that is. not likely to occur twice.Service in the Reserves is only required during the period of the war.-J& IQ i-STATE BANKING COMMISSIONERMAKE ANNUAL REPORT.Georee G. Sneer. State BankingCommissioner, has filed his annual... r nj- i rni, nreport witu. wvcmui -ulcvahw. "report shows that there are 44oState banks and trust companies do-mg business in tins .. xu department 01 aanKins mauc oau examinations-duringthe year. Fouri nnn5niirintions have been effected'and ten new banking institutionsorssJIiize sinCe the last report,-pour banks went into voluntaryliquidation during the year.Eighty-seven per cent of the Statebanks and sixty per cent of nationalTinnlfR have agreed' unon a uniform7" ,,maximum rate of three per cent ontime deposits. An effort will be madeto amend the banking laws lookingto this end.Commissioner Speer believes tnatthe banking department should havemore authority in issuing cnartersand is also of the opinion that before an officer ofTi banking institution can borrow money from thebank that the loan should be approved by a majority of the boardof directors. TEL 151F0,s the Pickpockets.An automatic clamping device pre-vents a wallet falling ;xrom a man sPet and even will defy pickpocketswho do not know how it is operated.l . Mm-.m mmm. ...disappointed by the German' lackof svmBathy for their irtpals am-urely an unsophisticated hunch.ANCIENT VESSELS OF JAPANEarliest Known Specimen of JapaneseCraft Called "Morota-Bune" or"Many-Oared Ship of Kumano."A historical study of ancient shipsused Jjy a seafaring people such aswere the prehistoric dwellers along theshores of what is now the sea of Japanhas been made by'Shinji Nishimura ofthe Society of Naval Architecture andthe Tokyo Anthropological society,East and West News states. He hasdevoted many years to the work, andalthough the printed volume is small,it is profoundly exhaustive. He startswith the earliest known specimen ofJapanese called the "Morota-Bune" or"Many-Oared Ship of Kumano," remains of which were dug up at an oldvillage of that name to the south ofLake Naku-no-Umi in Idzumo province.It was "a place to which the Idzumopeople had migrated from their nativeland. Where was that native land?"Mr. Nishimura traces direct descentfrom the "Many-Oared Ship of, Kumano" and the triangular craft ofKorea, still used at Songyn. He says :"It may be asserted that the MorotaBune in Idzumo and the triangularcraft in Korea have, diverged from thesame stock, viz., the fishing boat of theAinu. In my opinion, the Morata-Bune.the fishing boat of the Ainu, and thetriangular craft in Korea resemble oneanother in form; but the boat of theAinu belongs to the northern group,while the rest belong to the westerngroup. The triangular craft 6f the Koreans was modeled afteV the fashion ofthe ancient Manchurian type, whilethe Morota-Bune was fashioned afterthe Korean type. Even supposing theylcame from the same source, that sourceis prehistoric ; it must belong to a timewhen the ancestors of the Ainu wererelated with those of the Koreans, before they came to Japan, from someplace situated at the eastern extremityof Asia ; let us say, for example, in apotamic region like the Amur. If thisbe so, the time antedates the historyof the shipbuilding of our country."SOME OLD HEALTH FALLACIESj burgeon Blames Women, EspeciallyMothers, for Keeping InfectiousDiseases Going the Rounds."If I were asked who keep infectious disease going my reply wouldbe most emphatically women in general, but chiefly the mothers." Thishard saying came from a noted English surgeon who was addressing agathering of women. The new idea ofpublic health was his topic. Continuing, he said:"One is horrified to observe the profound ignorance that prevails evenamong clever and cultivated people asregards the true nature and treatmentof disease. For instance, you will findnumerous persons - af your acquaintance who still believe that rubbing theeyelids with a gold wedding ring willcure a stye, and that piercing the ear?strengthens the vision; that lunaticsare alTectcd by the phases of themoon ; that consumption is hereditary ;that the application of red flannel (itmust bo red) cures sore throat, andmat a raw ueeisteaiv is good lor ablack eye ; that pricks from rusty nailscause lockjaw, and that the swallowing of grape stones sets up appendicitis, finally, that measles and otherchildren's diseases are inevitable andthat the sooner one is 'through withthem' the better, and that, on that account, it is both useless and unnecessary to endeavor to segregate the other children when once a case occursina house."At the Tombs of the Kings.A Syrian maid dipped her water jarinto the muddy well in the corner ofthe great square where sleep the nobles and kings of Jerusalem."The well is swimming with dangerous microbes." said a doctor who wastouring the Iloly Land."We have drunk the water foryears," replied the maid pertly."Have any of your family died fromtyphoid?" went on the doctor, givingthe girl a kindly smile.'Yes, two brothers and one sister,but many die of typhoid in the city.""As I suspected. Why not go to theriver for water?""The journey, is long and I havemuch service to perform at 1101116."""Then, you must boil the water be-f ,f f rirlnkiner "I .. -- aThe maid laughed. Whoever heardof boiling water before drinking it2She looked at the doctor and asked ifhe had had sunstroke.Then the doctor laughed, and repliedthat he was a doctor.At the mention of that word the girlbowed to the stranger and said thatshe would do as the doctor had toldher. A doctor had once saved her father's life.Sorrow and Sympathy.Adam Bede had-not outlived his sorrow had not felt it slip from him asa temporary burden, and leave hira thesame man again. Do any of us? Godforbid ! It would be a poor result ofall our anguish find our wrestling ifwe won nothing but our old selves atthe end of it if we could return to thesame blind loves, the same half-confidentblame, the same light thoughts ofhuman suffering, the same frivolousgossip over blighted human lives, thesame feeble sense of that unknown toward which we have sent forth irrepressible cries in our loneliness. Letus rather be thankful that our sorrowlives in us as an indestructible force,only changing its form, as forces do-and passing from pain into sympathythe one poor mood which includes allI nur hbaf in ihf nrwl mn lo&f iwo1 George EliotH0W TO PREVENT CROUP.In a child that is subject to attacks of croup, the first indicationjf the disease is, hoarseness. GiveChamberlain's Cough Remedy assoon as the child becomes hoarseand the attack may be warded offand all danger and anxiety avoided.(adv-dec)Wanted.Small family to take charge ofCounty Exchange. Widow withdaughters preferred. Splendid opportunity to right parties.PARIS HOME TELEPHONE & TELEGRAPH CO.(Incorporated.)(25-4t)Do You ea? Glasses?' If so, are you satisfied that theyhave been fitted to your eyes 1n acorrect and proper manner?"Have they given your eyes thatrelief which you expected theywould?Are your eye muscles followingtheir natural laws as they should dowith correctly fitted glasses?Would you like my opinion?I will give it to you willinglyFREE OF CHARGE.My system of eyesight testing hasno superior.DR. W. R. FRANKLIN,520 Main St., Paris, Ky.ssier's SaleOFParis City Property !BOURBON CIRCUIT COURT.J. T. HINTON, PlaintiffVs. Notice of Sale.ALLEN HARRIS DefendantUnder and by virtue of a judgment, anfl nrtinf nf n1n rpnr1fvprt nfthe November term, 1917, of the!uouroon uircuit court in tne abovestyled action therein pending, theundersigned Master Commissioner onMonday, January 7, 1218,at the front door of the court house,in Paris, Ky., about the hour of 11o'clock a. m., will sell at publicauction to the highest and best bidder, the following described property: A certain lot of ground with atwo-story frame house thereon situated in Paris, Ky., fronting 40feet on Pearl Street and extendingback toward the Georgetown pikethe same width as in front, 139feet, and is the upper half of the lotconveyed by Allan Bashford and wifeto Jacob Lloyd and Daniel Mark, bydeed of record in Deed Book 55,page 127, Bourbon County Clerk'soffice, the interest of said Mark having been conveyed to said Lloyd bydeed recorded in Deed Book 56, page301, same office, and is the sameproperty conveyed by Jacob Lloydand Sarah Lloyd, hiswife, to BettieLloyd (now Josie Pennington) bydeed recorded in the Bourbon CountyClerk's office, Deed Book 70, page177, and is the same property conveyed to the first parties by JosiePennington and J. D. Pennington,her husband, by deed recorded insame office in Deed Book .page .Said sale will"be made upon thecredits of six and twelve months,the purchaser or purchasers beingrequired to execute two bonds withgood surety to be approved by theCommissioner, for equal parts of thepurchase money, due six and twelvemonths from date of sale and bearing interest at the rate of six percent, from date of sale until paid,said bonds to have the force andeffect of judgments, with a lien retained upon the property to securepayment of same. The purchaserwill have the privilege of payingcash at any time before maturity ofbonds and stop interest.Said sale is made for the purposeof satisfying the lien indebtednessof the Peoples Building & Loan Association in the sum of $546.70, subject to a credit of $57.85, and alsothe lien indebtedness of J. T. Hinton, in the sum of $310.45, togetherwith interest at six per cent, fromMarch, 1916, the total debt, interestand costs being estimated as of theday of sale at dollars.O. T. HINTON,M. C. B. C. C.(dec21-2fe-jan4)Professional Cards.,WM. GRANNANAttorneyatLawROOMS 401-402.FIRST NAT'L' BANK BUILDINGDR. WM. KENNEYEye, .Ear, Nose and ThroatROOMS 403-404.FIRST NAT'L BANK BUILDING.PHONE 136.CAHAL BROS.BARBER SHOPPrompt and Courteous Attention t.Patrons. ' -MaEOT AND C0ED3ATHS.-Notice to StockholdersThe stockholders of the First National Bank, of Paris, Ky., will meetat their banking house on Tuesday,January S, 1918', between the hoursof 9:00 a. m. and 3:00 p. m., toelect directors for the ensuing year.W. W. HALEY, President.4-td)Notice to StockholdersThe stockholders of the BourbonAgricultural Rank & Trust Co., ofParis, Kentucky, will meet at theirbanking house on Monday, January7, 1918, between the hours of 9 a.m. and 3 -p. m., to elect directors forthe ensuing year.J. T. COLLINS, President.BUCKNER WOODFORD, Cashier.4-td)Notice to StockholdersThe stockholders of the Depositand Peoples Bank, of Paris, Kentucky, will meet at their bankinghouse on Monday, January 7, 1918,between the hours of 9 a. m. and 3p. m., to elect directors for the ensuing year.SILAS E. BEDFORD, President.C. K. THOMAS, Cashier.4-td)Farms For Sale!We have for sale a large number of highly productive, welllocated farms, ranging in sizefrom fifty to four hundred acres,in Oldham and adjoining counties. Good pikesrInterurban service to Louisville, excellentwater and every convenience.Land is well adapted to orchardgrass, alfalfa, blue grass, corn,wheat and clover, and is highlydrouth resistant. For particuwrite or phoneDIXON & GOSLING,La Grange, Ky.Home Phone 102 and 97-B2.Cumb. Phonee 35-J and 37-W.(novl6-tf)See Us FirstBefore BuyLgYourHolidayMeediA NICE UNE OFTOYSNice Mixed Candyper "pound 18cFancy Chocolate Dropsper pound. 25cNew Mixed Nutsper pound :22cChewing Gum3 packages for 1 OcSpecial Prices on Dates,Figsaisins, Citron, Etc.BusyBeeCasiiStoreYou Don't Have toStoopIf You Use aGarlandCabinetRangeA beautiful line of Garlands on dlsplay. Corns in and look them over.XParis Gas & Electric Co.llitiplllix1 imHmSsi ,111 3!llp mm m -(Incorporated)Home For Sale PrivatelyOn account of Mr. Napier3 passenger run being changed from Paris to1Lexington and Cincinnati necessitating a removal to Lexington, I desirtto dispose of my residence at the corner of Main and Second streets, brParis, at private, saleThis is a substantial brick house,two-stories, has six large rooms;sleeping porch; two concrete porches;large garden and poultry yard; sideand front yard. It is a first-classhome and will be a bargain for tapurchaser. It is in -st-class shape.An inspection of the house and premises is invited.MRS. JESSE S. NAPIER,(4-tf) 12 b Mam Street.FOR RENT.My property on Eighth street.Same is suitable for small grocerystore, meat shop and residence.Contains 3 rooms and basement.Large back yard and outbuildings.Apply to(tf) B. J. BRANNON.Notice to StockholdersThe stockholders of the Farmersand Traders Bank, of Paris, Kentucky, will meet at their banking;house on Monday, January 7, 1918,between the hours of 9 a. m. and 3p. m., to elect directors for the ensuing year.FRANK P. KISER, President.W. W. MITCHELL, Cashier.4-td)Magazine Agency.I"will receive subscriptions to ti.following magazines:Curtis Publishing Company'sLadies' Home Journal, Saturday.Evening Post and the Country Gentleman, CosmopolitanGood Housekeeping,Harpers, h?Motor Magazine, "Pictorial Review,Mothers' Magazine,Heart's.Kentucky Magazine. 'Until November 10 will receive 2year subscription to Cosmopolitan,Heart's, and Good House Keeping, .either for $2. I will also make advantageous clubbing offers with ThePictorial Review.MRS. O. P. CARTER, JR.Paris, Ky.(oct23-tf)MflRGOLEN'SSanitary Meat Market1918We wish to extend aNewYear'sGreeting- r vto our customers andfriends.Our customers willdo well to watch this,space during 1918WflRGQLWILMOTHSNEW- BARREL OFJUST OPENEDFRESH BARREL OFft&SRgEBSLJUST RECEIVEDDILL PICVlLEBGrocery Go.Phone376iv .riLReW LMOTH?" wnrKlIDAT, DECEMBER 28, 1917.THK BOURBON NEWS, PARIS, KlJMOT1JIfl?f31DOUBT DlSipPEAES.'No One In Paris Who Has aBack Should Ignore ThisDouble Proof,BadDoes your back ever ache?- Have you suspected your kidneys?Backache is 'sometimes kidney.acne.With it may come dizzy spells,Sleepless nights, tired dull days;Distressing urinary disorders.Doan's Kidney Pills have been endorsed by thousands.Are recommended here at home.You have read Paris Proof.Read now the Paris sequel.Renewed testimony; tested bytime. Mrs. G. W. Newman, E. TenthStreet, Paris, says: "I had backachesAnd headaches and at times was very, nervous. My kidneys were weak andinactive. I heard about Doan's.Kidney Pills and used them andthey soon had me feeling better inevery way."Mrs. Newman gave the above account of her experience with Doan'sKidney Pills on January 17, 1912,and on November, 9, 1916, she said:"I still use Doan's Kidney Pills attimes when I find it necessary. Ihave always received the same goodresults, although I do not have somuch trouble as I used to."Price 60c, at all dealers. Don'tsimply ask for a kidney remedy getDoan's Kidney Pills the same thatMrs. Newman had. Foster-MilburnCo., Manufacturers, Buffalo, N. Y.j (adv)Ea fca Ea:htjngaihans in country" hid.ING $100,000,000.Hungarians throughout the Unit--edStates are carrying around intheir pockets or hiding in theirhomes approximately $100,000,000drawn from the banks since thiscountry declared war on AustriaHungary in the fear that the moneywould be confiscated by the Government according to an announcementby a New York trust company. Inletters sent to its Hungarian customers, the company urged them to deposit this money at once at bankinghouses so that it may earn interestfor its owners and at the same timehelp the United States win the war.151 fe JKeep Criticism to Yourself.. When you feel an inclination to criticize, remember that you weren't bornto set the world right. Just murmurto yourself that, after all, it's a pietty,. nice little old world, and that perhapsit would 'be even more difficult to getalong with people if they were allquite perfect, which they certainlyaren't. Just keep your critical facultyto yourself; it will have all the exercise it needs; Exchange.rbrty.&iM&kosMcoiwUicm'vjiuv;.'witfggmTHERE'S a heap of joyin a ton of good coal.Your stove or furnacewon't have much troubleI from extracting comfortfrom a ton of coal if youbuy it from us. Our rapiddelivery will please you.W . C. D0DS0NSouth Main St.T he Home of Good CoalMAGAZINE360 ARTICLES 360 ILLUSTRATIONSBETTERTHANEVER- 15c a copy'-1 YMriy ScritiMt $l.SOtAH APPEAL TO FARMERSANDHOG RAISERS.We who live inland, have beenextremely slow to get a full understanding of the gravity of the situa-,w u uicauim wi u, miss Ella' Joplin is a guest ofplaced us m. To many of us the war her sister, Mrs. Charles Spillman, inhas thus far amounted to little more Harrodsburg.than newspaper stories of battles in Mrs. Henry Browning is a guestforeign countries, but to put it er- daughter, Mrs. Harry Kendall,mildly, the situation is grave and it in Frankfort.behooves us to aid our armies in', Miss Luja Ford left Tuesday forevery possible way to end the war jfj? !SnJffe Si lda' t0 rerdin thenowLff leu,Ur rf8 "? -MrrH'Sinpbell. Sr., is senow threatened with a shortage of riously ill at his home on Henderpork which would seriously handi- son street, inf this city,cap their effectiveness. . Mr. and TVtrs. Estie Henry, ofIt is imperative that we do to the Akron, Ohio, are guests of relativeslimit our ability, everything that our in this city for the holidays,country asks of us. If we are called ' Mrs- George W. Grimes, of Lexto fight, we will be patriots and will infton, is visiting her sister, Mrs.respond; if we are called to feed ouri Johf' Young on Cypressstreet.soldiers and our allies, we will be ' -MIJJTIZ ..'SSSS?equally patriotic.Just now our country is askingfarmers to increase the 'supply orpork as that is one of the main necessities of our armies and those ofour allies. We face an alarmingshortage of pork and fats. Last yearour exports of pork were three timesas great as normal. This large export was made without being basedupon any great increase in production, hence our supply is very low.The gist of the whole matter isthis: Every American farmer isurged to raise more pigs next spring.To do thsi he must breed every sowand gilt that is by any means fit.Considering the grave situation it isalmost treasonable to fatten and sellsows and gilts that might raise litters of pigs. We are asked to saveall such such and to breed them asquickly as possible. If they cannotbe bred any time in January asthat will insure pigs before June 1,which is fairly good.This is not an unreasonable request, as good prices have beenassured by the Government.If we will all do our best, we canbring the war to an end in Europe,but if we fail, the fighting may soonbe on American soil.Let us all do our patrioticduty.fH JC5 telPENSACOLA, FLOKEDA.Pensacola is one of the busiest little cities of the nation to-day. As aminor naval base and a naval aviation station, the war has linked it upwith the activities of the whole lersburg, on the evening or weanes-nwnt-rrra vnnr i'fc miiifaw' day. January 2. The hours will bepreparations and its flying practice,r.ii Ji .i ii. jtold you so. Pensacola has believedin thP pomiTip- nf war fnr n. vsrv ion ? .time.The naval aeronautic stationasbeen the chief attraction of thecity to sightseers, for the submarinework done at Pensacola is necessarily 'inconspicious, and the navy yardwas strictly guarded for a long timepast. But there is p.o hiding theflight of the big sea-planes. Theyglide and dart through the hot Florida air like hastening buzzards, andthe rattling purr of the engines overhead is too common to make the natives raise their heads. Some verygood work has beendone at the Pensacola aeronautic station; in view ofthe small number of men and machines available, the achievements icompare well with those of anyEuropean nation.Pensacola has little of the traditional Southern atmosphere. Armyand navy circles lend its social lifea cosmopolitan air. Outside of that,it is moi:e like a small northern portthan a southern town, always excepting the numerous negroes. Themain street is crowded of eveningswith officers, soldiers, sailors, merchant seamen from far lands. Eversince war was declared, Pensacolahas worn a new air of importanceand certitude. Her long term of probation and preparation has been justified. m te WHHuman Friends.Do you idealize your friends? Sometimes a person who has worshiped atthe shrine of a teachei or schoolmate'is shocked into cynicism by the discovery of a flaw in .he one who wasfancied perfection embodied. Humannature is faulty, and it is always dangerous to identify the virtues whichdemand our fealty with any humanbeing. Keep on loving and honoringtruth and kindness, even though youdetect some acquaintance in a falsehood, or are treated unkindly by afriend." Exchange.FARMERS' WEEK.During Farmers' Week at the Agricultural College at Lexington, January 29 to February 1, the KentuckyAlfalfa Growers' Association willhave a competitive show. ,The entries will be thrjee inch,(diameter), bundles of. alfalfa sownlast summer; five inch bundles of alfalfa sown prior to August 1, 1917;and also a class for the best bale ofalfalfa. Handsome prizes are offeredto the winners.An effort is beingtmade to have ademonstiation of alfalfa productsprepared fgrhupanjfoo.Ths was.one of the hiostinterestingf (featuresofLtheweek last year. Everyone iswelcome.wuue iulii.iiis, weie exotic m the Smith Saxophone Orchestra. AdAmerican life. Pensacola ha under- j miSSion will be by card presented atgone less change of spirit since war j the door. The promoters are Messrs.was declared than any other Ameri-1 Julian Adair, Russell Caldwell;can city. There has only been an I Nathan Young and Ernest Piper,increase of activity. Also, Pensa-1 Lieut, and Mrs. Harry Stiverscola now has a way of saviner. "I and little son, Reuben Elmore Sti-SOCIAL AND PERSONAL.Comings and Goings of OurPeople Here, There andElsewhere.Mrs. Carrie B. Pryor, in Scott countyMiss Maude Wilson has returned from a holiday visit to friends andrelatives in Lexington and Winchester. Mr. Collins Young, of Chicago,is a guest of his brother, Mr. JohnF. Young, on Cypress street, for theholidays. 'Mr. and Mrs. C. K. Mullins havereturned to their home near Paris,after a visit to friends and relativesin Covington and in Cincinnati.Mrs. Jos. W. Davis and littlegranddaughter, Miss Ann Jouett, Davis, have returned from a visit toMr. Bailey DLexington.Berry and family, inMr. and" Mrs. Lynn Lail and little daughter, of Detroit, Mich., arespending the holidays in this citywith Mrs. Lail's mother, Mrs. S. M.Wilmoth, -and other relatives onHouston avenue.Mr. and Mrs. Hoffman Wood, ofMt. Sterling, were guests several.days this week of- Mrs. Wood's father, Mr. H. Clay Whaley, and family, on Cypress street.Mr. and Mrs. F. It. Eyer and little daughter, Miss Janie Eyer, ofChicago, are guests for the remainrjpr of the hnlidfiv season of Mrs.Ever's narents. Mr. and Mrs. NewtonTaylor, Sr., at their home near Paris.The following students from theUniversity of Kentucky at Lexington, spent me mmaays in mis uny;Landen Templin, Stuart Wallingford, Eli -Friedman, Preston White,Thornton Connell, Raymond Connell,Charles Chappel, Edgar Estes, Jennings Taylor and Albert Lavin, andMisses Marie and Mildred Collins.The Millersburg Dancing Clubwill give their annual New Years'Dance' at the I. O. O. P. Hall, in Mil,-from 9:00 p. m. to 3:00 a. m. Musicfny Vm kirof will VlO flirTichpf1 hvxwi m& v,v,n, A v .v..... -,,.ivers, who have been spending theChristmas holidays in this city andin Georgetown with relatives, willreturn to their home in Chattanooga,renn., aunaay. j-.ieui. silvers uasj until his recent appointment to armyI service, been connected with theI United States Interstate CommerceCommission, in the department of. Railway Valuations.(Other Personals on Page 5.)?a 1THE CUSTOM MADS BAKCLEYCORSET.Every Barcley Corset is markedout and cut separately after eachorder is received, to the individualmeasurements and figure require-Jments of each and every customer.The Barcley Corset manufacturersback up this guarantee with a checkfor $5,000. ' I also sell1 a StandardCorset. Your choice of -thre' styleof wire bones,' also aluminum orwalohn boning. .MISSJ ELIZABETH HILL,r tr 1530, South Main Street. '.Cumberland ,jPiorie 291. "r- T1 : i-NEW SERIES' OF, CHKISmAS,SAVINGS CLUB UUW JtUSAUX-'.Be one of the happy holders of aChristmas Savings Check nextChristmas. Start with us to-dayin our new series. You can startwith 5 cents or $5.00 and have anice check coming next Christmas.FARMERS & TRADERS' BANK.FOOD ADMINISTRATION TO GIVEOUT NEW PROGRAM.A sugar ration of three poundsfor each person a month, a porklessday and one wheatless and meatlessmeal a day will be recommended tohouseholders in a new kitchen cardsoon to be put out by the Food Administration. Obeservance of wheatless and meatless meals will be asked in addition to the wheatless andmeatless days called for now.The normal consumption of sugarin the .United States has been morethan seven pounds a month" fpteachperson. If the new directions arefollowed universally, it will cu$ itsuse below half. 7The. cards will caution ,againsthoarding foodstuff t in Jiomesf pointinc out that the practice, is jrtt onlyelfish, but that it . contributes tohigh prices and defeats the purposesor tne j&ooa Aamimsu:rnu am. cowing an. eqriitable distribution.vYia VftvorsiA Rid a of )the. card carries a message to householders on.)the world 'food situatipn. ana ,,tneduty of America toward feeding theAllies.A Leaal Pun."A petition for an injunction, based jupon a somewhat doubtful assertionof fact," says a New York lawyer,"came before one of the justice oitthe supreme court ot this state Afterconsideration of the affidavit of theminnnr. thft iustice remarked: '111'this case an injunction will not lie.leven it tne relator uoes. tuKnuvComment. ." '1AT HOMEDR. G. A. HINNEN4 West Seventh Street.Cincinnati. 0.rDr.Wm.RiIeyFrankIinOPTOMETRISTPractice Limited to the Correction of Defective VisionBy Properly Fitted Lenses.E. TENN. PHONE No. 7Call Made to Any Part of- City or County.520 Main St. Paris, Ky..J?vE. M.4,vTo'3 .Circe tinescoming year, with a continuance of ' the-' cordial relations existing between us.Twin Bros.619 Mtf li'SNfe Nrisf Ky.vggggygfgjggjgggggggggThe Bourbon LaundryMVIS & PUNK, Props.Telephone No. 4. .MMWWMlmMtMMf 'Bourbon Laundry,Paris Kentucky.990We desire to express our appreciation of your patronage and wish youA Happy and ProsperousNew Year For1918Wheeler &Our FriendsWe desire to extend to you the compliments of the season, and express oursincere wishes for your prosperity for theClothing andT Wt GfVt Rim A&li'stf-iWert 5 StreetSatisiadiaWatchwordis OtTWith all the latest improvements in laundryappliances and", experthelpers we are preparedto do work inferior tonone, 'and solicit yourpatronage.i riy.M- -Co.'1918Shoe,1 i!' " 1x IttfnS til .i LPBsB V " 1Mil TCfciihprfi 4"ggJ2mgr-jy- fK.V' tNV"0FRIDAY, DECEMBER 28, 1917, 1THE BOURBON NEWS, PARIS, KY.?age point?nX 0. 0. F, ENTERTAIIIMEIITBE REPEATED.For the benefit of those who couldnot attend, and upon the urgent request of many others, the Christmasentertainment given at the Odd Fellows' Widows and Orphans' Home,at Lexington, will be repeated Sunday, December 30.Business and social engagementsTO!3 home prevented many Paris people from attending the entertainment, and a large number of themwill go to Lexington next Sunday.Bourbon Lodge I. 0. 0. P., as hasbeen its custom for many years,made a liberal and generous donation of funds, Christmas gifts, etc.,to the children of the Home, and tothose who are at the Home at Eminence, as well.ENFORCE THE SNOW REMOVAL HAPPY KEW YEAR TO ALLORDINANCE.IK31918New1918Year Greetings!iWe wish to thank the public for thevery gratifying trade accorded ourstore in 1917, and at the same timepromise the same service and qualitygoods for the New Year. We extendto all the season's greeting and wishyou a new year of continued peaceand prosperity.Ill111ARDERY DRUG CO.w.HOUSE OF QUALITYHere's To AHAPPYNEW YEARFull of cheerful recollections of thepast and happy anticipation of thegood things we wish you for theThe rigid enforcement of the ordinance requiring property-ownersin the business and residential districts to remove the snow from theirpavements is likely to be brought tothe attention of the new Council andthe police department. Many people are in favor of making the provisions of the ordinance compulsory.No great hardship would be worked upon owners of property by- acompulsory snow removal ordinance.It would not be a novelty or an experiment, sucn ordinances are insatisfactory operation in other citiesand towns in Kentucky. They aredemocratic in that they divide publicservice in proportion to the ownership of property, causing the ownerof a cottage to shovel the snow froma narrow frontage and the owner ofa large and pretentious home toshovel the snow, or have it shoveled,from his larger frontage.Snow left on the sidewalk is atonce an interference with the passage of pedestrians. Soon it becomesa menace to life and limb. Packedhard upon the pavement, it growsmore slippery as time passes. It isincreasingly dangerous until a thorough thaw has removed it. Surelynobody who has observed the condition of the pavements of Paris canfail to applaud the enforcement of asnow removal ordinance or to hopethat if there is none such, that onewill be introduced and passed by theCouncil.153 3 ISKEW SERIES OF CHRISTMASSAVINGS CLUB NOW READYBe one of the happy holders of aChristmas Savings Check nextChristmas. Start with us to-dayin our new series. You can startwith 5 cents or $5.00 and have anice check coming next Christmas.FARMERS & TRADERS' BANK.IQ IS ISKITCHEN CABINETSA handsome $28.00 solidoak kitchen cabinet only$24.00; get one.A. F. WHEELER & CO15l IS IS'TWAS EVER THUS!The Christmas hells have hardlyceased ringing out their glad tidingsannouncing one of the happiesttimes of the whole twelve monthswhen we are called upon to face thedeath of the Old Year and the incoming of his successor, the HappyNew Year. How the years come andvanish!The New Year comes in next Tuesday and it will come with suchnoiseless pace that we will wonderwe did not hear it. We will wonderwhat it will hring us. We are certain of one thing that in our handsis vested the power to make the yearone of character growth. If the OldYear has brought us failures the tidemay turn with the New Year.Failure is sometime the steppingstone to coming success. The past isgone, but the present is left us withwhich to work.THE NEWS desires to extend itssincere thanks to all, who by theirpatronage contributed to the successof what has grown in the past fewyears to be recognized as one of theleading country papers in Kentuckywe've proof of that! We say itmodestly and with a due appreciation. To one and all, we extend ourthanks and an earnest wish the NewYear of 1918 may bring to each andeveryone a measure of prosperityand happiness that will run overand then have some left to give outto others.To those who have been nice to uswe cannot find words to express ourappreciation and thanks. The others are too insignificant to count.Happy New Year to all, just thesame!?Sl fs ISNATIONWIDE E00D SURVEYPLANS UNDER WAY.MlllllllillllllHIIIIIHIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIimHifTwo important events which tookplace last night came off too late forTHE NEWS to chronicle, owing tothe early hour of going to press. Theregular meeting of the City Councilwas held with the new members intheir seats. The annual election ofofficers for Paris Lodge No. 2, F. &A. M., was also held last night. Theelection was followed by a banquet,which was served to the members atthe Crosdale Inn.After a strenuous day the editorialand mechanical forces are glad toput the paper to press and gain thatrest and relaxation from the performance of their arduous tasks toj which they are entitled. Se we' occasionally have to pass up happenings on Monday and Thursdaynights.i& 1 isREAL ESTATE DEALS.villltIIi II NEW YEAR II " 1918 I9 i - - 4 x E9 - ezH r- 0 RH -s. . . Raj1 -- ' IH ly WJH . o ?0 j - k i "'.H "',? '" jclSfl y SsS IBM0 ' I?B , pj SHIRE & F1THIAN jXMr. James H. Haggard has purchased of Mrs. W. A. Wallen, OfOwenton, a vacant building lot onCypress street, adjoining the home ofMr. Wallen for a price not given outfor publication. Mr. Haggard wiprobably erect a cottage on thenext spring.Mr. W. B. Robinson purchased ofMr. James L. Gregory, of near NorthMiddletown; the Moore place, locatedon the Bunker Hill pike, for $110per acre. The place contains 17&acres. Mr. Robinson will get possession on March 1, 1918.Mr. and Mrs. R. B. Hutchcraft, ofParis, have sold the remainder oftheir farm, near Leesburg, in Harrison county, to Mr. Thos. D. Urniston, of Cynthiana, for about $90per acre. They had previously soldsixty-five acres of the farm to Harold Shropshire for $85 per acre. Theland lies on the Oxford and Leesbiirgpike. .At Cynthiana, court day, MasterCommissioner Peterson sold theBarnes lands, lying on the RuddlesMills pike, to Joseph and QuincyJohnson, the sixty-seven acres bringing $125 an acre. The land is located between Cynthiana and Ruddles Mills.fe feiqUARANTINE LIFTED.By order of the County Board ofHealth the quarantine which hasbeen in force at the home of Mr.Chas. Fisher, near Centerville, hasbeen lifted. Several weeks ago sevieral cases of smallpox in a mild formwere discovered on the Fisher farnMr. and Mrs. Fisher and their eleven children and grandchildren contracting the disease. A strict quarantine was established about thehome, which was maintained untilthe patients were entirely recoveredand all danger of others becominginfected removed.Plans for making the nationwidewar emergency food survey are wellunder way, the bureau of marketshas announced, schedules havingbeen made to every food dealer, manufacturer and holder of supplies inmore than family lots.The survey ordered at the last session of Congress, will cover morethan 100 different foods, and returns must show the stocks on handnext December 31, and the same daylast year with estimates of quantities in transit on the last day of thismonth.In addition to the survey, by mailschedules, intensive surveys will bemade by agents in 43 typical counties in various parts of the country,in order that the figures obtainedby mail may be checked. Estimatesof foodstuffs on farms will be madeby the bureau of crop estimates."The complete survey," said astatement by the bureau of markets"will yield a most accurate information ever collected in regard tothe extent of the nation's food resources and is considered an important step in the efforts to place thecountry on a safe footing, insofar asthe food supply is concerned."la m IBsHAVE A SAVINGS ACCOUNT.HAVE CASH NEXT CHRISTMASOur new Christmas Savings Clubhas started. Be one of our manyhappy holders of a Christmas Savings check next Christmas. Wemailed out over $10,000 worth ofthese checks this week. Be one toreceive a check next year. Startwith us to-day.BOURBON-AGRICULTURAL BANK& TRUST CO. (It)AUTO TRUCK DAMAGED BY HREFRANK C& CO.The Reliable Store1918-VTo Our PatronsOur Thanks andThe Season'sBest Greetings1918aFRANK C& CO.iiMftiimiiiMiiini "' AI,"niiiMtiiiiiiiiimmFire originating in the garage onSecond street Tuesday morning didconsiderable damage to an auto delivery truck owned by Mr. WinstonHart, of the Hart Merchants' Delivery Service. The engine was badlydamaged. The machine wa3 pushedfrom the garage in time to save thebuilding from catching fire. No insurance. ?.3 fe QB-4 FIREInsure withW.O.HINTON &SON,AgtsBa 1 aFIRE DESTROYS BIG STABLE AT. BOWIE RACE TRACK1' fiGStiVSl I- VERiTMN& WRISTLET-A 1wiiitisfiiii watches ji iA fire, the origin of which is unknown and the second to visit theBowie race track since its construction, destroyed Stable A., of 48 stallsat the Bowie race track Tuesdaynight.Ss Is te 'Fire, Wind and LightningInsurance.Thomas, Woodford & Bryan, iWIRELESS TO LINK ALLHEMISPHERE.WESTDEWARD WILLIS' DEATH DDE TONATURAL CAUSES.The investigation into the death ofMr. Deward Wills, who died suddenlyiat his home in Winchester severaldays ago, developed that it was dueto natural causes. An analysisof the contents of the stomach wesmade by chemists, whose reportsshowed there was no traces of.poisoning.Mr. Wills was a brother of Mr.John Wills, of Bourbon' county, andhas a father and two brothers' resideCommercial wireless communication between the United States and!Mexico and Central and South Ame"r-1ica, was brought nearer in the an-1nouncement of the organization ofthe . American Wireless Telegraphand Telephone Company.The announcement which, wasmade' by the Marconi Wireless Telegraph Company in American statesthat work" on a chain of high powerstations will be begun immediatelyafter the first of the year. The newconcern is incorporated in Delewareand is headed by Edward J. Mally,former first vice president and general manager of the Postal Telegraph Cable Company.The Marconi Company owns amajority of the stock of the PanAmerican concern. The United Statesgovernjment has set its seal ,of -'apnrnval on 'the'.new eniernrisft tliVlISpp" OurJfatcA DepartmentGreetingsof the seasonThe volume of business transacted atour store during the year has been asource of great satisfaction to us, andwe believe our customers have beenequally as well satisfied with theirpurchases.For the coming year we promise the' people of Paris . and Bourbon countythat we will continue to handle onlydependable and high class goods andbespeak for our store a continuanceof your valued patronage.To our friends and patrons we extendour sincere wishes for a MERRYCHRISTMAS and a HAPPY NEWYEAR.THE A. J. WINTERS CO: IIIIa aIII3 jkttif:UU SsL2.(Incorporated.)GWIEN'WATCHE! ivtIIIIIlr.artL1IIVilag in wmcneeter.&A? '-& company Vstatement-TeadsV'LX-- - W-,"J3 r -lrwi'- MpiiFBIDAY, DECEMBER 28, 1917.THE BOURBON NEWS, FARES, KY.7MB immwFOR THE BESTNOTHING ELSEMAY WANTEDClover Hay anted.C. S. BRENT & BRO.(dec28-3t)fe 15a feREAD EVERY PAGE.THE NEWS repeats the injunction to its readers to read everypage, as each page is worth reading.Local news everywhere, as well asother good things in the readingline. Don't skip a page!BACK TO SCHOOL.School will "take up" again nextTuesday, when the boys and girlswho have been having a good timeduring the holidays will take uptheir studies again. It will be asore trial for a few days, but youthand good health will carry themover the rough spots.t Ta 1A DISCRIMINATING. TASTE.A Ford runabout belonging to Mr.Julian Rogers was stolen Tuesdayfrom the garage at the home of hisfather, Mr. Louis Rogers, on theCane Ridge pike. The family wasaway from home at the time. Thelock on the garage door was smashed. No clue has been found as yetto the identity of the thief or thieves.tS S S3INJURED IN 1LACHINE."While working a machine in theMaysville Laundry plant, Miss LenaPayne, recently an employe of theBourbon Laundry, in Paris, had themisfortune to lose one finger, whichwas caught in the machine and cutoff. The injured girl is a sister ofMrs. Jesse Blake, who resides onRailroad street, in Paris.la la ePARIS BOWLING LEAGUE.The 1917 series of games in theParis Bowling League closed Wednesday night with the BourbonLaundry teams, the former team taking two of three games. The official Secretary of the League hadnot finished compilation of thescores in the last two games in timefor publication. The final game willbe played to-night, after which thelosers will serve a supper to . thewinners.Kj S isBOURBON HORSES TOR CUBADr. E. Lucas, principal of theCuban Experimental Station, andDr. Bernardo J. Cresp, Chief of theVeterinary Department of Cuba, ofHavana, have completed the purchase of a large number of horsesand live stock in Kentucky, whichwill be shipped soon to Cuba.Among the purchases was athree-year-old saddle stallion, RoyalRexford, by Rex Peavine, out of asister of Bourbon King, which theybought of E. M. and Allie G-. Jones,of North Middletown, at a goodprice.fe fe feCOLD WAVE STRIKES PARISAGAIN.Following a decided rise in temperature and a thaw which promisedto become general, Paris was againvisited by a cold wave which camdown from the Northwest on Christmas Day, bringing with it a heavysnow and near-zero temperature.A Wizard which originated in theDakotas caused a drop of forty tofifty degrees in twenty-four hours.It came in quickly and most effectively, making ideal Christmas weather. The mercury continued to dropWednesday, but the weather mansays it will be warmer again soon.m 151TOYS AT YOUR OWN PRICE.We have a few toys we are goingto sell at your price if not ours.Cost will not be considered. It willpay you to call. It is our intentionto discontinue this line.RACKET STORE,(It) C. P. Mann, Prop.HAVE T"SAVTOGS ACCOUOT..RAVE CASH NEXT CHRISTMASOur new Christmas Savings Clubhas started. Be one of our manyhappy holders of a Christmas Savings check next Christmas. Wemailed out over $10,000 worth ofthese checks this week. Be one toreceive a check next year. Startwith us to-day. ,., .wrBOURBON-AGRICULTURAL BANK& TRUST CO. (It)mfeUTOTAL ECLIPSE OF MOON TUESDAY NIGHT. -There was a total eclipse of themoon Tuesday' night, visible all overthe United States. In this sectionprobably few witnessed the celestialperformance, owing to the late hoursit began and ended.Nearly six hours elapsed betweenthe time the moon entered the shadow and the time it left the shadowWednesday morning. It was daylight before the eclipse as viewed inthe Eastern part of the country wasconcluded., This will be the last eclipse of thepresent year, and the second total'ecliyee of the moon since January 1,wklck will be, practically observableilllpver the United States and Can-SOCIAL AND PERSONAL.-omings and Goings of OurPeople Here, There andElsewhere.John and Turney Clay, Dan W.Peed, Jr., George Ardery and HarryJones were visitors in Winchesterthis week.Mrs. F. J. Jolly, who has been aguest of Mrs. W. C. Powell, on Harmon avenue, returned yesterday toher home in Ewing, Ky.Mr. and Mrs. Thomas M. Funkhas as holiday guests at their homeMiss Ada West, of Nicholasville, andMrs. E. C. Burgin, of Bond, Ky.Miss Edna Huffman, who hasbeen a guest of friends and relativesin Paris for several days, returnedWednesday to her home in Covington. Mr. and Mrs. Farnk Daugherty,of Philadelphia, who have been visiting in Florida, are now in Paris tospend the holidays with relativesand friends.Mr. Coleman Renick, of CentreColllege, Danville, is spending theholidays in Paris with his parents,Mr. and Mrs. B. M. Renick, on Duncan avenue.Mr. and Mrs. Ben Woodfordwere called this week to St. Louisto the bedside of their son, Mr. Wm.T. Woodford, who is quite ill withtyphoid-pneumonia.Mrs. R. A. Hill, who was seriously injured some weeks ago in arunaway accident, has been removedfrom the Massie Memorial Hospitalto her home on the Moore farm nearRuddles Mills. -Mrs. R. A. Moore, who has beena patient at the Massie MemorialHospital, was removed to her homeat Ruddles Mills, . Tuesday. Mrs.Moore was injured some time ago ina runaway accident near Paris.Mr. and Mrs. Louis Earlywine,of Chicago, are here to spend theholidays with relatives. Mr. Earlywine is now associate counsel in theemploy of a large legal firm in Chicago, and is doing well.Mr. and Mrs. James W. Thompson, who have recently returnedfrojn their wedding tour in the East,are at the home of Mr. Thompson'sparents, Mr. and Mrs. James H.Thompson, near Paris, for the holidays, after a visit to the bride's parents, Mr. and Mrs. Overton Chenault,in Lexington.Mrs. Bennet B. Bean and MissWillie 'Davis Judy, of Norh Middle-ttown, and Mrs. Fanniebelle Sutherland, of Paris, were among thenumerous Bourbonites who attendedthe production of "The Merchant ofVenice," by Robert B. Mantell, atthe Lexington Opera House Wednesday afternoon.Mr. Claude Harp, who has beena guest of his mother, Mrs. C. H.Harp, on Eighth street, returned yesterday to his home in Cleveland, O.Mr. Harp was accompanied as far asCincinnati by his aunt, Mrs. Idaslicer, who was en route to her homein Chicago, after a visit to Mrs.Harp.Among the holiday visitors inParis this week was Mr. Richard T.Fox, of Chicago, a former resident ofParis, who was en route to Chicago,after spending the holidays at BigStone Gap, Va. Mr. Fox is a son ofthe late Prof. Fox, who had a selectschool for boys in Paris, and is abrother of Mr. John Fox, Jr. Mr.Fox is now connected with theSanitary Department of the ChicagoStreet Cleaning Department. Thiswas his first visit to Paris in twentysix years, and he was very agreeably surprised tonote the progressthe city had made in that time.While here Mr. Fox was the guestof Mr. and Mrs. J. Walter Payne.Mr. and Mrs. Squire Lucas arevisiting their son, Mr. Thos. Lucas,in Indianapolis.Mr. Wm. C. Potts, 'of Beckley,West Virginia, is spending theChristmas holidays in Paris, as aguest of Mrs. Potts and "the family"at the home of her parents, Mr. andMrs. George Duvall, on Lilleston avenue. (Other Personals on Page 3)WILLIAM S. HART, IN "THE NARROW TRAIL."One would think that every thrill,every act of reckless dare-deviltry,had been injected in William S. Hartphotodramas. However, this famousWestern character always figures insome new and startling adventure.For instance, in "The NarrowTrail," the initial Ince-Artcraft picture, which will be seen at the AlamoTheatre and Paris Grand on Monday, Hart portrays an outlaw whofalls under the influence of a beautiful girl. He loves her with all thedesperate passion of which his wildnature is capable, and determines toreform. In doing this, his source ofincome is naturally shut off, and heis in trying straits for ready cash.Just at this crisis, a big Rodeo isto be held in a nearby city. A cashprize is offered for the principalevent a "jump in the saddle andaway" race and the outlaw determines to enter himself and his Pintopony. In doing so he knows he istaking a tremendous risk, as the peculiarly marked pony is known tothe Sheriff and his deputies; butgoaded by .necessity he takes achance, and in the presence of acrowd leaps into the saddle.It is during this wild ride with itsthrongs of contesting cowboys thatexcitement rises to its highest pitch.!S fe 11NEW PATROLMAN.:mIAt the meeting of the City Council last night, Mr. Robert Lusk,lately of the firm of Lusk & Shea,and well-known in railroad circles,was elected by a unanimous vote aspatrolman on the Paris police force.Mr. Lusk will take the position towhich Mr. Grant Overby was electedand declined.The new member of the force isin every way well qualified for theposition and will make a most excellent patrolman.Auction Sale.Saturday, Dec. 29, 2 p. m.On above date, in front of courthouse, I will sell 1 mahogany upright piano. Slightly used. Positively to highest bidder.GEO. D. SPEAKES,(lt-pd) . Auctioneer.WANTEDWe are in the market for all'kinds ofFURS AND HIDES.Highest market price paid. See usfirst, or don't sell till you do see us.(It) MUNICH & WIDES. 'mHEARTHIS ONEIt's a Long Way to Berlin,But Well Get ThereAmerican QuartetI'd Feel at Home if They'dLet Me Join the ArmyBilly Murray1838675cJust One of Many Good RecordsAlways in Stock atDaugherty Bros.Fifth and MainParis, Ky.i -IzmmTWe Are Thankful'A"I . 'f j-.To show our appreciation to our manyfriends and customers for their patronage during the year of 1917 wewish to express our sincerest thanksand hope to have their patronage forthe coming year.We wish one and all a Happy andProsperous New YeanLAHARRY SIMONMAIN STREET ftnA Priro Tft All MAIN STREETLEXINGTON, KY. wilC rncc ' M" PARIS, KY.Agent For Munsing Wear and Warner's Rust Proof Corsets.To Our Friends!Not forgetting the patronage accordedUS during the past year, we, throughgratefulness, extend our best wishes forA HappyNewj? -.VxYear'&,," ,-THEJ.T.HINTONCO.MOTOR HEARSE MOTOR INVALID COACH UNDERTAKING"EITHERPHONE" 36SIXTH AND MAIN STS. JgjmyAVftXMS'SLXTHE BOURBON NEWS, PARIS, KY.FRIDAY, DECEMBER 28, 1917."- XIRTWO IMPORTANT INVESTMENTSThere are Iwcr important invest-'toents necessary to succeed in theagricultural field according to4&b.t.jM. Muellera leading farmer resid-1tog favDftkote county, Minnesota. Hejhas made both investments and'found them paying propositions. IThe cnief in importance is, thepurchase of a farm a home for thefamily, and the means of earning a 'livelihood. The next financial in-jTtctment should be in a motor,truck to obtain economical transpor-jtation of farm products to a market."I feel as if an unexpected in-ileritance had fallen to me becausethe Maxwell truck I purchased last!fall is making a pleasure of the work Iwhich was formerly a drudgery'Mueller,- says. (The Minnesota farmer found that,'the one-ton Maxwell truck materially increased the time at his disposal'for both work and recreation. Thisgain was made although Mueller was !farming on a larger scale than everibefore."Marketing my farm products bymotor car has dispersed all my'doubts about the advisability and'practicability of such transporta-'tion service," is the final judgmentof Mueller. j"My horses were in much bettershape than for the pas few years, 'for the fall plowing. The longjhauls to the city in previous years jhad worn out 'my teams, whichslowed up the work of the norses inthe field." .Mueller states that he has found!the easy starting and the handling'of the Maxwell truck has so light-1ened his hauling work that farm'life appeals more and more to him. IHe uses solid tires for equipping the'Maxwell to avoid worry about tire!trouble, but the truck provides an(easier riding vehicle than the large, 'heavily loaded wagons which for-,merly tired him. j"I consider the money paid for.the Maxwell truck the best invest-1ment I made since the purchase of.my farm," declares Mueller in his!enthusiasm over the relief from .wagon-riding weariness."I have not tried to test the Maxwell to its utmost capacity, butknow that I can go aiong with aload of a ton and a quarter or a tonand a half anywhei-e withease," said Mueller.He alleges that the truck possesses sufficient reserve power and cites( ' ' '1 60E.SS VJE'U 1 pY ( PIOOE THIS BfcD A jfST" ( IN COD-LIVER. OIL I ftBKCIC IN THE fcfcfcBMyC DWS THERE QNGE"DVED A POTCNVsTE IN BABYLON KNOWN ASAIM ftnxN!NE.JtllS PASSION NS TO TfcPttYIAETS ON THb BODY POUTIC. T0 NW SENSATIONS. HE FOUND DR1SUT H PASSINGuutobAfcNf UPQK TttEvV p-, FANTeyes, holding-out the telegram toe. Somehow, she crossed to my bed,and sobbing her heart out as shegave me the printed message, sherested her head against mine ,, andcried out her woe ano her pain,while with eyes blinded with tearsand a heart suddenly struck numb, Iread the fateful telegram which informed us that Captain John Lauder,of the Argyle Sutherland Highlanders, had been killed in action on the28th of December, 1915." 'What are we going to do now?"I cried to my wife after a moment.'What are we going to do now?'"For days I burned my brain withsickening, desppairing thoughts, andasked of what use, indeed, were allmy labors, all my toil during, allthese years. At times, the ragingagony at the realization of . my losswas almost too much. At times, too,during those first days, I almostquestioned the justice and wisdom ofa God who would allow such a thingto happen.''E3 feiCOUNTY ROAD- ENGINEERS'VENTION.CON-The County Road Engineers' Convention will vbe held at Newport,Kentucky, February 13, 14 and 15,1918.A very attractive program is beingprepared and arrangements "are being made to have several men fromother States address the convention.It is hoped that every CountyRoad Engineer, County Judge andthe members of all Fiscal Courts inI the State will attend the meeting.Quite a number of the Courts will beentirely new and we believe theywill receive great benefits by hearingroad matters discussed in detail.It is highly probable the railroadswill give special rates to the convention.war in this country, in transmit- WHENpeace propaganda, as well as liesabout ,the condition and morale offJ American military forces.disloyal word comes to your noticecommunicate at once with the Paris!nnlloa donarfmant tho Qfmr-lfP'at A It. 1 M A ! 1WAV JLli bUlVsUb, WW UUVsl liJ. 0w ii Punmg iorce oi me ffi a TJniteA stateg Pederalmotor. Mueller runs his Maxwell Commlsaionerf S. S. Yantis. Tele-r,""trrV"tDirirPnoiie 633, Fayette National Bankwwnu. .uuuob mi a. owv " viicu. 6w Building Lexinstonright along up the hill without . IZTtea'iashifting thegears HEW jg CHRISTMASAinftLTflAiflr- TTCFF.WSF, SOfiTTTY SAVINGS CLUB NOW READYWARNING.Be one of the happy holders of aRvprv airman or AiiRtrian in the Christmas , Savings Clitck nextUnited -States, unless known by years Christina. Start with ua to-fiayor associatfon to be absolutely loyal, 1" w series, xou can startshould be treated as a potential spy, ! tn c?18 r ?5-00 nd , &aveRft on the alert. KM Totir rs1 ce check coming next Christmas.and ear? t9m. Take -nothing forgranted. Xatrgy and alertness mayaav the life of your son, your hus-karnd or your brother.FARMERS & TRADERS' BANK.m fe mOur declaration of war gives'Count Czernin a pain. Nothing willThe enemy is engaged in making relieve that pain but the white flag.HARRY LAUDER HEARDOP HIS SON'S DEATH.twin Bros. Department Store$:vemti and main $t$. Paris, HcntncftyBig Clearance SaleONLadies' SutsCoats, MillineryDresses, Waists, Etc.Everything must go. From 20to 50 per cent reduction on everyarticle.Also a Large Assortment ofFurs in This Offering.Twin BrosSeventh and MainDept. StoreParis, Kentucky ITa JssProhibition was added to the!causes for the present sugar shor-jage, when George M. Rolph saidconsumption had been increased inthe South by soldiers, who drankmore soft drinks, chew more gummy performance in the and ate more candy than they didwnen mey couia procure nquur.Harry Lauder tells in the January jAmerican Magazine about the war iand what it has done for him. Hesays:"It was on New Year's Day of1916 that the news came to us ofJohn's death at the front. I waslying in bed at my house In London,resting fortheatre that afternoon, when all atonce I heard a terrible cry from thefront of the house. I was stunnedfor a moment, and then my head began to swim because of the awfulfear that clutched at my heart."'No, no, no!' I cried to myself,propping myself up in bed; 'Godcouudn't be so cruel. He simplycouldn't take my boy.'"But when I saw my wife's face,I knew. . . . She wrts standing in thedoorway, her agony reflected in herSAYS PROHIBITION IS ONE CAUSESUGAR SHORTAGEJOHN WHITE k GO.LOUISVILLE, KY.Libera! assortmentarid full value paidforrawHides andGaat Skina(7dec-13t-F)FURSBBBBBBBBBBBBBBak.y?JEfflHJKmkSMs$s-G. W. DAVISFuneral DirectorCorner Fifth and Pltasant Streets, Paris, Ky.Day Phones 137 Night Phones 299 or 999I Automobile Ambulance Automobile HearseUndertaking:Our Winton-Six Automobile Ambulance with Johnson &Johnson First Afd Equipment and the Lungmotor (recentlysecured by us at, great expense) a resuscitating device forthose apparently dead from- drowning, gas poisoning, electricshock, collapse from anaesthasia, etc., always ready for service. BAY OR NIGHT. Phone us immediately when anaccident occurs.INDEPENDENTTobacco Warehouse Company(Incorporated)PARIS, KENTUCKY,iNext SaleTo-day, Dec. 28ATiKThe Independent Tobacco Warehouse Co.ij11msSji31mismmThe BourbonTobacco Warehouse Co.(lncorporcitd)- Ki'1V0'lLeads in Averages Obtained!Total Sales to Date 629,500 PoundsFor . . . ... $183,016.47. $29.07$.ti.niAverageNext Sale at Bourbon HouseTO DAY, DEC. 28THis ' " , i'i '.AT 9 A; IVI.;xCre:pOfontier5r) M- m , - 3 y?Bourbon I obacco WarcbouseGo.,ss!(Incorporated.), J. T. COLLINS, Manager.(TjuorHitUi.)PARIS, KENTUCKYT ono:c"itrfeIn .tu H Nil A ht. i. . X.?nl' ' $ 4uJ not l!UfA. y,v ifr.xt.ti siTvi i6 rflhcv.A..fc i i. t Air " X" - "",""" j srzsssss55z5m3s&FRIDAY, DECEMBER 28, .1917.fHE BOURBON NE, PARIS, KY.JML SITBTjjf Vj-tf. S. BUREAU CROP ESTIMATES.The monthly Government CropReport for Kentucky has heretoforebeen issued through the co-operationof the Weather Bureau. Beginningwith the December report it will beiasued from the office of Field Agentof the Bureau of Crop Estimates,Louisville, Ky.The report for December in addition to the current subjects of investigation, acreage of wheat seededin fall of 1917, prospective yield inbushels based on present conditionof growing crop, acreage of rye seeded this fall and prospective yield,contains a summary of the production of the principal crops of theState during 1917. A resume ofweather conditions prevailing duringthe year and the effects on crop production is also given.Comparative figures for 1917 and1916 are given. The figures .for1917 are preliminary estimates madeduring the year, those for 1916 arethe final estimates.WHEAT. 'Acreage seeded in Kentucky, fall1917. All indications point to anacreage less than early indicated,due to dry weather preventing preparation of fallow land in WesternKentucky and failure of corn cropto mature in time to permit seedingon corn land, in all portions of theState.On account of the unusual interestin wheat crop seeded this fall everyavailable source of information wasexhausted in gathering informationon this subject and in addition tousual methods employed a partial3urvey through the medium of thechildren of the public schools wasmade. The Bureau of Crop Estimates wishes to acknowledge its obligation to the Hon. V. O. Gilbert,State Superintendent of Public Instruction, the various County Superintendents of Schools, the manyteachers and to the children themselves for their hearty co-operationand assistance. IIn this way much valuable infor-iriiation was obtained concerning the'percentage of increase in the various 'counties. While many show a large .increase, they are mainly counties of ismall production and it does nottherefore mean a corrresponding ad-dition to the total acreage.United States (Winter wheat.)42,200,000 acres compared with 40,534,000 in 1916.Kentucky 952,000 acres, compared with 850,000 in 1916.Condition Dec. 1. Temperaturesover the entire State during the fallgrowing season were too low "andmoisture in many sections too scantfor the crop to make the usualgrowth. Moreover seeding on cornland was prevented by slow maturityof corn crop. A period of warm rainyweather beginning on Nov. 27th wasof great benefit especially in securing a start for wheat sown in November, but the average growth isshort. The crop, however, has the Jadvantage that universally follows .seeding in dry seed bed, and a rootjsystem in excess of top growth.There is also an absence of any fallfly damage and no apprehension ofdamage from this source next spring,which is in striking contrast to conditions prevailing at this time lastyear.United States 79.3 percent ofnormal compared with 85.7 percentlast year and 89.3 the ten year average. Kentucky 88 percent of normalcompared with 85 percent a yea,r tago and 89 percent the ten year average. RYEAcreage seeded in Kentucky fall,1917. Generally speaking there wasa curtailment of acreage seeded torye in the State, due to the demandfor increased acreage of wheat and aguaranteed price for next year'scrop of wheat. -Condition Dec. 1st. Rye sufferedfrom the same influence affecetingwheat, due to the fact that it is usually sown earlier, is hardier in itshabits and grows at a considerablylower temperature, the condition isslightly higher.United States 6,120,000 acresseeded this fall, compared with 4,480,000 acres last year.Kentucky 33,000 acres seededthis fall, compared with 35,000 acresseeded last year.United States Condition Dec.1st, 84.1 percent of normal, compared with 88.8 percent last year and92.2 percent the ten year average.Kentucky 87.0 percent of normalcompared with 89.0 percent last yearand 90.0 percent the ten year average. CORN.The crop in Kentucky presents theunusual combination of satisfactoryyield per acre and poor quality. Except for lack of the necessary periodsof high temperature, growing condition were excellent, especially in thewestern half of the State, where thedistribution of rainfall was nearlyperfect, and there, the rarely occuring season, favorable to both hillland and the extensive river bottoms,produced a maximum yield on alargely increased acreage. A latestart in the spring, however,, wasfollowed by a slow maturing, growing season and this by unusuallyearly and heavy frosts. The result isthat probably 25 per cent of the entire production is lacking in fullmaturity and of this percentage aconsiderable portion has little feeding value.United States 119,755,000 acres,compared with 105,296,000 in 1916.Yield per acre, 26.4 bushels, compared with 24.4 in 1916.Production, 3,159,494,000 bushels,compared with 2,566,927,000 in1916.Kentucky 4,012,000 acres, compared with 3,400,000 in 1916.Yield per acre, 31.0 bushels, compared with 28.0 in 1916.Production, 124,372,000 bushels,compared with 95,200,000 in 1916.OATS.This crop is gradually losing itsposition as one of the grain crops ofthe State. A considerable acreage isstill sown and is utilized in the formof shelled oats from the thresher,sheaf oats and Increasingly, in theform of oat hay. Winter sown oatsstarted late and most unpromising,but later improved to a markable degree with yield and quality abovethe average. """United States 43,572,000 acrescompared with 41,527,000 in 1916.Kentucky 270,000 acres, compared Tvith 300,000 in 1916.On account of the various formsin which the crop is used an estimate yield per acre in bushels isomitted.BARLEY.Production is,, confined to thecounties of Central Kentucky and isgrown mainly for stock feeding, taking the place of oats to a considerable extent. Winter barley is grownexclusively and this crop also suffered severely from the blizzard of,. & N. TIME TABLEEffective, Sunday, June 17, 1917, 12:01 a. m.TRAINS FROM ARRIVALNo.34 Atlanta, daily - 5:25 am25 Cynthiana, daily except Sunday 7:35 am1Q Rowland, daily except Sunday ' -. . . .7:36 am11 Maysville daily except Sunday , , 7:38 am40 Lexington daily except Sunday. . - , . ...7:40 am37 Cincinnati, O., daily 10:03 am12 Lexington, daily 7 10:02 am33 Chicago, daily 10:15 am18 Lexington Daily Except Spnday 12:00 m9 Maysville, Daily Except Sunday 3:00 pin138 Lexington, Daily 3:07 pm3? Knoxville, Tenn., Daily 3:15 pm19 Maysville, Daily ." 5:40 pm39 Cincinnati. Daily Except Sunday '. 5:50 pm14 Lexington, Daily Except Sunday 6:18 pm32 Jacksonville, Fla., Daily 6:33 pm23 Cincinnati, Sunday only 9:30 pm130 Lexington Daily 10:23 p n-31 Cincinnati, O., Daily 10:38 pmTRAINS FOR , LEAVENo.34 Cincinnati, waily .... 5:30 am40 Cincinnati, daily except Sunday 7:45 am11 Lexington, daily except Sunday -7:47 am10 Maysville, daily except Sunday 7:45 am13 Lexinston, daily except Sunday 10:25 am37 Knoxville. dally 10:30 am33 Jacksonville, daily .'. 10:20 am15 Maysville, Sunday only. 12:04 pm129 Lexington, daily except Sunday 3:25 pm' 38 Cincinnati, daily 3:20 pm39 Lexington, dairy except Sunday 5:57 pm'$ Rowland, Daily except Sunday 6:00 pm14 Maysville, daily except Sunday 6:33 pm19 Lexington, Daily 6:35 pm32 Chicago, daily 6:38 pm.30 Cynthiana. daily except Sunday. . 6-48 DmT31 Lexington, Daily . '.10:45 pmSI Atlanta, Ga., Daily . . . .10:46 pmi? .hiCt TRAINS ARRIVE FROMMA- Frankfort, Ky., Daily Ex. Sunday x. . . . . 7:38 a. msB. Frankfort, Ky., Daily Ex. Sunday 5:60 p. m"W . . TRAINS DEPART ORWSiiHtSfrt' - Ky.r foii! t Ex.-vfWnay ?. ?Z, .. .V. iTJi V . . -. i .. . . '8:25 m. .r'Frankfort, Ky., Dally Ex. Sunday .... .:u p.i - ', . - .February 4 th. The acreage remaining yielded well. vKentucky 5,000 acres, comnaredwith 6,000 in 1916. -Production, 140,000 bushels, compared with 156,000 bushels in 1916BUCKWHEAT.The production of buckwheat inKentucky has increased rapidly during the past lew years in the sectionwhere this crop has been grown.The production has been confined tothe counties of Pulaski, Casey, Lincoln and Rockcastle, but is spreading to the adjoining counties and toother portions of the State. Buyersfor northern mills have for the pastseveral years been stationed at theprincipal shipping points and shipments were approximately 100,000bushels this year. The extent of theincreased production may be realizedwhen we recall that in the censusyear 6f 1909 the Hate acreage was1,887 acres and the production 18,074 bushels.One of the reasons for the incresing popularity of this crop is that itcan be sown as a catch crop usuallyafter a crop of wheat has been, takenoff and still produce a crop the sameyear. It will grow on thinner soilsthan most grains; the yield rangesfrom 10 to 25 bushels. Clover sownwith buckwheat at the time of seeding invariably results in a goodcatch. Both the yield and the quality of the crop were effected by theearly frosts.Prices paid farmers ranged from$125 to $1.35 per bushel F..0. B.cars at the shipping point.POTATOES.There was an increased acreage ofpotatoes planted in the State, dueprincipally to the addition of smallcommercial plantings and plantingsin home gardens. The yield in 'somesections was excellent and the -qualityfine, but generally speaking theyield was below the average andtubers lacking in size.In the "second crop" districtaround Louisville dry weather andearly frosts were two factors whichcurtailed yield of this portion of theState's production.United States 4,348,000 acres,compared with 3.632,000 in 1916.Production, 452,923,000 bushels,compared with 285,437,000 in 1916.Kentucky 66,000 acres, comparedwith 49,000 in 1916.Production, 6,403,000 bushels,compared with 4,116,000 in 1916.SWEET POTATOES.Acreage of sweet potatoes was anincreased over last year. The seasonwas favorable except at the close,which was too cool for best results.Early frosts damaged quality.United States 904,000 acres1917, 736,000 acres 1916.Production, 87,244,000 bushels1917, 70,955,000 bushels 1916.Kentucky 12,000 acres T9T7 ,10,000 acres 1916.Production, 1,214,000 bushels1917, 900,000 bushels 1916.HAY.The hay crop in Kentucky was oneof the poorest for years. The blizzard of Feb. 4th, frequently referredto, undoubtedly had a most unfavorable effect on the timothy and othermeadow grasses, also in damagingthe stand of clover meadows. Meadows grew very slowly at the beginning of the season and soon becameso choked with weeds that improvement later was impossible. Yieldand quality therefore were poor.The exception to the general condition above stated was the alfalfawhich suffered little damage fromthe freeze. Some clover fields alsofiscaned damage. Alfalfa meadowsyielded well, as did also the undamaged clover fields.United States Hay (tame), 53,-516.000 acres in 1917, 55,221,000in 1916.Yield per acre 1.49 tons in 1917,1.64 tons in 1916.Total production, 79,523,000 tonsin 1917. 91.192.000 in 191b.Kentucky 972,000 acres in 1917,1,080,000 in 1916.Yield per acre, 1.21 tons in 1917,1.31 tons in 1916.Total production, 1,186,000 tonsin 1917, 1,415.000 tons in 1916. -TOBACCO.The acreage planted in Kentuckywas slightly below the acreage of1916. There was a falling off in alldistricts except in the One Sucker,where there was an increased planting over the previous year. Therewas damage from weather and scarcity of plants and consequently lackof stand in the Burley district. Inall other districts the stand was perfect and the growth fine and even.Good curing weather was lackingand the quality of the crop sufferedthereby. The greatest loss from thissource was in the fired district where'the weather was too dry to permitproper firing.United States 1,446,000 acres in1917, 1,413,000 in 1916.Yield, 827.1 pounds in 1917, 816.0in 1916.Production, 1,196,451,000 in 1917,1,150,622,000 in 1916.Yield per acre, 900 pounds in 1917,900 pounds in 1916.Production, 418,140,000 pounds in1917, 435,600,000 pounds in 1916.HEMP.There were 19,200 acres of hempsowed in Kentucky in 1917, compared with 13,3000 in 1916. Owing tounfavorable weather conditions andto the fact that there was considerable planting on land not adapted to hemp the yield per acre promises to fall far short of the splendidyield last year. 1The final yield of hemp is so dependent ,upo'n -weather XconaUtiorisduring the breaking season and the1!pippt breaking out of the crop thatpiminary estimates may exceed orfa below actual results'. Based onpipectsat harvest and assumingaage Aveather conditions duringbaking period the average yield perae was estimated at 700 poundscf Pared with 1,270 pounds in1)5.v BLUE GRASS.ie crop of Blue Grass seed Wyasone the shortest on record amounting: approximately 200.000 bushels, cP&red with a normal production o600,000 bushels. The contribute causes were a late, coldspring, mating a shortage in grazing. Pares intended for seed,were theire grazed closer thanever befor The seed crop resulting was, short in growth thatmuch of it &aped the strippers.'OR(iARD GRASS.The orcbd grass seed crop wasalso shor Conditions responsible!for no' meadows affected the !orchar grass fields and they wereKnon.iled with weeds, and development seed stalks was scant. Manyfieldwere nt harvested. The totalprodition of seed is estimated at 60perceh0 the average production.LUCAS MOORE,Tield Agent.I5S TS 1CATA$E CANNOT BE CUREDWith K& applications, as theycannot rach the seat of the disease. Otarrh is a local disease,greatly influenced by constitutionalconditons, and in order to cure ityou nust take an internal remedy.uhj riofoTvh ATorHr.iTiA is takenrrnniiv and ants through theblrtd on the mucous surfaces of thesylem. Hall's Catarrh Medicine"-as prescribed by one of the bestphysicians in this countiy for years,itlte rnmnosed of some of the bestlics known, combined with somethe best blood purifiers. TheDefect combination of the ingredients in Hall's Catarrh Medicine is what produces such wonderi o,ito in catarrnal conditions.Send for testimonials free. .Props., Toledo, O.Hail s i? iiumj "a- 7""'."ion. -aav-aec;153 TSS TSCaterrlial Cough,.. . m-irn-n l -" aCMr. W. S. Brown. P.. F. D. AO. 4,Box 82, Rogersville, Tennessee,writes i"I feel it my duty to recommendPeruna to all sufferers of catarrh orcough. In the year 1909, I took "asevere ase of the la grippe. I thentook a bad cough. I had taken allkinds of cough remedies but got norelief. I then decided to try Peruna.I used five bottles. After taking fivebottles my cough stopped and mycatarrh was cured. My averageweight was 115 and now I weigh148. Any one suffering with catarrh in any form I will advise them totake Peruna,"Any oneSuffering millx84.. . vI ntawh tttrc vntf?Any formI willAdvise them.To fakePerunal "::' 'SH kThose who object to liquid mdi-Icinescan procure Peruna Tab !ets.WANTED:'Cake Annoyed Him.i?,nwnp. who is iust bejrinninsr toioorn 1ik oViniilil nrtf OTt pnlro httfnrAfiis meal, was seated at the table whenSuddenly he saw a cake on the buffetjnd remarked: "Oh, my! Tover up'Oat take till I eat my tatoes."STOMACHTROUBLE ANDSUPATION.CON-Those who are afflicted with'iomach trouble and constipationshould read the following: "I haveever found anything so good fortomach troubls and constipation asJhamberlain's Tablets. I have usedt'neni oil ana on now ror me pasttwo years. They not only regulatethe action of the bowels but stimujate the liver and keep one's bodyja a healthy condition," writesjjrs. Benjamin Hooper, Auburn,N.V?. , . . .x (adv-dec)LSJS151Prepare for ?udden Deeds.We prepare onrse'ves for suddendeeds by the reiteratedvhoice' of goodor evil which gradually determinescharacter. George Eliot.f9:Every Automobile OwnerIn Bourbon CountyTo Have the Advantage of OurTBIPAUTBring your old tires to us andhave your work done by an expertwho has had years of experiencebuilding tires. Come and see foryourself. .CHAMBEBLAIN'S TABLETSChamberlain's Tablets are intended especially for stomach troubles,biliousness and constipation, and.liave met with much success in the'treatment of those diseases. Peoplewho have suffered for years withstomach trouble and have been unable to obtain any permanent relief,have been completely cured by theuse of. these tablets. Chamberlain'sTablets are also of great value forbiliousness.. Chronic constipationnay be permanently cured by takingChamberlain's Tablets and observing the plain printed directions witheach bottle. . v(aav-aecjfe isa isThe Moment of Triumph.One never knovs when he has wonin an argument until he hears his ownviews advanced by the man who opposed them six months before. St.Louis Globe-Democrat.We Do Ra- Treading andVulcanizing of All KindsC. S. BALL GARAGECor. Fourth and Pleasant St..CHAMBERLAIN'S COUGHBEMEDY.This is not only one of the bestand most efficient medicines fortoughs, colds and croup, but is alsopheasant and safe to take, which Isimportant when medicine must begiven to children. Many mothershave given it their unqualified endorsement. (adv-dec)I GREETINGSTo our patrons and the public of Paris and Bourboncounty, we desire to extend our most hearty thanks forthe very liberal patronage accorded us during the yearjust closing. . Within the last three weeks our switchboard operators have handled a load equally 75 per cent,in excess of ordinary conditions, and was attributed tobad conditions of roads. Christmas shopping and wartraffic, wnich accounted for any seeming slowness in theservice, but with this new record of information our futureplans will be to meet such emergencies with only a limitedamount of delay in regular traffic.Our operators desireto thank those who so kindlyremembered them, and join us in .wishing you a veryprosperous and HAPPY NEW YEAR.Paris Home Telephone S Telegraph Ge.(Incorporated)J .AMAZINGLYwhen kept in good ecudl;5ou withBOURBOtt POULTRY KEttED?t A few drops lntbe dripping waterI zeepa nons Leau(i and inuca fg&-roup, cold3. aoro-head ard ntlir: diseases, one M-cen" 'c-tiet mates 12 P'lona ot monii"Ax druzUntt. t r jb nn.il !-pa!d. Pojltry ooi : !- onA MAN AND HIS WIFEBliJStOS Kfc:(till feb. 1)., IZU1,tin I discouraged,W henyoujeel conf nnetPILLS: They renew the normal vigor anmake lite worm uviug. jje sure ana as nMolt NcrverinePaisa?! WILLIAMS MFG. CO . hvH..Cbnhi'i OkkOB'eRDORFER, T& Druggist.may both derive saiisfactionby having their worn and soiled'garments cleaned, by us. Hieco3t i3-nominal, while the ;pleaeure of wearing old clothes thathave the appearance of new imconjunction with the knowledgethat you are effecting a greatving, must surely satisfy you.A phone brings us-. X.LEVY, THE DRY CLEANERa vmam nA zx.(i 'u Ua. lbk- mtm f-uuuiuwioiiu wii -xv -. - .-iiuwi mrnommc"1.iVN.-. nV ".-- 'Hii. Xkr 1.'?"'4? . . ,KV-5 . .?ss-'fcteK&rk- jsj-rf-i'.VvV ,yr: 4e? ,3.v s i: mM'V4-"T. Mi" 4 ? ' 'V' tT a vFRroJtf,JpCEMBEKe-- m$s W-wWyft& -.Jf.?..SABia-KT.JB3.rl.W sMs1" ".-TJfV,-.-aft v, r . , n-a'?file:s7krI II 1 1 4 i 111 I mH;M IAAA1 4 11H IHtlMIHMtUt& GHAND AND ALAMOIComingAttractionsFriday, Decemlri7- ,sB"J3tBCsWSfilCCU i? ,SamSEiBBMaiHIHBBiHHHIIi3-lrtOP- .' ' - '4- T!' b.4L4.28thJmI PIIffI"tI The J. T. Hinton Co.UNDERTAKERSAND EMBAIMMRSParis Ky.Mainand SixthStreetsDay phone 36Night r . . 56or Home 286Motor equipment.Ambulance calls promptly attended to withLimousine Invalid Coach.Hearse used for funeral purposes only.ouri mm 'in fin rrii '' p ' r u i i n i ,HC ji3H8HHHRBiHllHdHHCiSliSttHSs?IBHliKit l nil i"i i u i ;-:M4Mte!LOUISE GAUMIn Triangle Kay Beeestern Feature"Golden Riley?KOMIinl"A He!Also Pathe JiPricesvpspe'WSrce"Saturday, December 29thWilliam DuncanandCarol Hollowayin Western Comedy DramaA Wolfville Story from the famous seriesby Alf reef Henry Lewis., LAWRENCE SEMONin Big V Comedy"Rough Toughs and Roof Tops99.Monday, December 31stThos. H. Ince PresentsWILLIAM S. HARTIN"The Narrow Trail"From the Story by William S. Hart. Picturized by Harvey F. Thew. Released byArtcraf t Picturea Corporation.L-KO COMEDYStreet Cars and Carbunclesin two parts."- jrap Children 5c war tax lc; Adults 13c war tax 2c.js Granc2 Children 5c war tax lc; Adu.t 13c -war tax 2c.rsons, Children 5c war tax lc; Adults 10c-war tax lc.ORCHESTRAAlamo ,.. 2 to 3:30Rarls Grand 7 to 10:30iHUiink,';tjr,nr:Miwirxmuiim,,meepn3VULLERSBURGJVMr. J. G. Allen, Jr., and sister,DEATHS.GLASS.The funeral of Mr. Jolin B.Miss Margaret Allen, are spending Glass, father of Mrs. James Snanlon.the Christmas holidays with their of PariSf who died suddeniv in Lex-rrandpsrents, Mr. and Mrs. Ephriam"ood, at Stanford. Miss Bush Allenistspending the remainder of the holidays with her aunt, Mrs. J. P. Alverson," at Georgetown." Mr. and Mrs. J. C. Leer and Mr.knd Mrs. S. M. Allen entertainedington, Sunday night, took placeTuesday morning at St. Paul's Catholic church, in Lexington. Thehody was taken to his Did home atWhite Sulphur, in Scott county forburial. The pall-hearers were Ru-vith a family reunion, on Christmas fus Richards,, Win. Daughe'rty, Y. L.iay; Mr. and Mrs. O. W. Ingels en- Dawson, Freeman Tucker, James Mcvertained on Wednesday with a din-, Manns and James McGarvev.ing; Mr. and Mrs. J. H. Collier and)T&rs. Margaret Powell entertainedon Thursday; Mr. and Mrs. G. L.'Ifill will entertain to-day.NOTICE. Beginning with January 1 we propose to do only aijurty-days' credit business. Wemust make quick sales and turnover our money often. All personsknowing themselves to be indebtedto us, will please call and settle atKERN.The funeral of Maggie Kern,little daughter of Mr. and Mrs. L.M. Kern, who died at the familyhome at Kiserton, Saturday, washeld Monday at the Catholic churchin Cynthiana. The burial followedin the family lot in the CynthianaCatholic Cemetery. The pall-bearersonce. We thank all our customers ! were Miller Kiser, Wesley Florence,for their patronage in the past andtrust that we may be able to continue to serve you during the year1918.f25-2t) RTJFTJS BUTLER.Mr. Garland Fisher, who has foryears oeen associated wim nis iam-John Neats and Walker Kiser.The little child, who was eightyears old, had been a student at theKiserton school, was taken ill somedays ago and compelled to leave herstudies. She is survived by four sisters, Nora, Mary, Frankie and Lucyer; Br. C. C. Fisher, at the Millers-! May Kern and two brothers, Andrewburg College, has gone to Havana, and Lee KernCuba, where he has taken a clericalposition with the Cape-Cruze Co., alarge exporting and importing firm.'Before his departure he was tenderedsix-o'clock dinner by Mr. ClarenceWasson, at which the following wereguests: Prof, and Mrs. C. C. Fisher,Misses Ollie and' MATRIMONIALRev. Julian McClintock, 0fParis, was the officiating mlniterat the wedding of Mr. Gibson Pcwell and Miss Bessie May Abnjarwhich took place at Shearer, M(son county, Tuesday. The contracting parties are prominent residetsof Shearer.STOCK, CROP, ETC.migration of farm laborers to indus-well to jump at the conclusion, betrial centers, but the taking of men acuse of reported fire, that Wilhelmfrom the farms into the army, it was is not .still making cannon stampedkings." Frank-Marriage licenses were issWednesday from the office of CounyClerk Pearce Paton to the followingBourbon county couples: Mr. Stanley Richards and Miss Elaine- Carr;Mr. John Kenton and Miss FrancesMasterson; Mr. Mathew Lair andMiss Hazel Houston.Mr. James Ford Fithian, aniMiss Josephine Crone, of CharlestonW. Va., secured marriage license fnParis yesterday and were married iaLexington. Mr. Fithian is the youngest son of Mrs. Mamie Fithian, ofParis itiH Tins been located at1Charleston for the past few years,where he has a lucrative position.Mr. W. T. Scrogland, of Woodford county, sold to Messrs. Buckley& Leer, of near Centerville, thiscounty, 118 head of breeding sheep,two and three years old ,at $17.65per head.Mr. H. S. Caywood purchasedand shipped from Danville this week119 head of 1,450-pound cattle, forwhich he paid 13 cents. The bunchwas shipped to Swift & Co., in Chiago. vs ta EaAEMY FARMERS MAY BE ALLOWED TO GPvOW CROPS."the last resort offort State Journal.KJ Q &CANTRJLL'S CHRISTMAS CAEDSCARRY PATRIOTIC SOLGAN.erplained, had made the situation.worse, and it the crop of 1918 is tobe at its maximum some relief mustbe given.The Secretary told the farmers hewas studying a plan to grant furloughs in the spring and fall to boys Paris friends and constituents offrom the farms whose training had Hon. J. Campbell Cantrill, Congressbeen sufficiently advanced, on the man from this district," are in recondition that they return to their ceipt of attractive Christmas cgrdshomes. A compulsory leave from' from him, which bear at the, athe army in order to assist with the ' photograph of President Wocciipov1farm work, however, isthe plan.P3 Ea Ea-no part ofTHE KRUPP WORKS BLAZEMASTERSON KENTON.At his home, cornerand Tenth streets, at sixWednesday evening, Rev.W. E.fEllis, pastor of the Paris Christian)church, performed the ceremonjduniting in marriage Mr. John Kenton and Miss Frances Masterson,both residents of Bourbon county.Secretary Baker has a plan to permit farmer boys in the army to return to their homes at periodical intervals to assist in crop production.He outlined it to a delegation of NewYoik farmers, who protested againstconditions created by the scarcity oflabor.Headed by I. C. Styver, the farmers representing the New York Federation of Farm Bureaus, explainedin detail the difficulties which con-front the farmers. They did notask for exemption of farm laborers,of Mairufout suggested that it would be nee-o'clock I essary either to exempt farm laboror conscript it. It was pointed outthat the crop of 1917 was shortlargely because of Inability to securesufficient labor. This, the farmersadmitted, was due somewhat to theWilson, followed by an extract fromhis famous speech to Congress onApril 2, declaring war on Germany.Underneath this extract in boldblack type is the slogan:"We war that we may destroywar."In the lower section of the cardis a reproduction of "Our Flag" incolors and this patriotic sentiment:"With best wishes for a MerryChristmas and A Happy New Year,and with the' prayer that our boysGATEWOOD.Mr. James C. Gatewood, agedseventy-six, one of the best-knownfarmers of Montgomery county, diedsuddenly at his home near Mt. Ster-Mr. Gatewooduiizatietn Eisner, iingr WednesdayMiss Maybelle Dasher, Miss Pauline, had been in his usual d hesJthWhitley, Miss Ethlyn Km, Miss r - - - . , 1 , .JCliser, Miss Nussle and Miss Lucyana naa Deen arouna tne nouse in.Jones; Messrs. G. P. Fisher, H. C. a -"cli " " " l uuwnCurrent, Allen Ingels, Dick McDan-m a cliair before the fne place,iel, and J. H. Barnes. where his lifeless body was foundMr. Fisher has a -large circle of shortly afterward by his wife. Deathfriends throughout Central Kentuckywho wish him the greatest success inliis new work.The following are amoung thenumber who are spending the Christmas holidays with friends and relatives here: Mrs. Turner Perry, ofOwingsville, Rev. Julian McClintockand family, of Cornith, with Mrs.Ada McClintock and Miss Ruth McClintock; Miss Louise Myall, of theGraded School, of North Middletown,with her uncle and aunt, Mr. andMrs. O. M. Johnson; Miss Alma DukeJones, of South Carolina, at home;Mr. W. E. Powell, of Atlanta, Ga.,with his mother, Mrs. Margaret Powell arid family; Mr. and Mrs. Carlton.Ballof St. Louis, Mo., with his parents, Esquire and Mrs. A. C. BahLibut Harvey Rogers, of FortJhomas, with his uncle, Mr. S. M.m, and family; Mr. J. m. Aiverand family, of Georgetown, withand Mrs. S. M. Allen; Lieut.Richard Huffman, of Camp Grant, atRockford, 111., with his mother,,Mrs.Mary L. Huffman; Dr. and Mrs. H.B. Huffman and little son, of Covington, with their aunt, Mrs. MaryHuffman.. smicHAVE A SAVDTGS ACCOUNT.2AVE CASH JEXT CHRISTMASOur new Christmas Savings Clubt started. Be one of our manyliappy holders of a Christmas Savings check next Christmas. Wemaild out over $10,000 worth ofthese checks this week. Be one toreceive a check next year. Startwith us to-day.BOURBON-AGRICULTURAL BANK& TRUST CO. dt)L T5 J53ThornsAllen,I son anMr. aitBIRTHS.had come suddenly and swiftly.Mr. Gatewood was a brother-in-lawof Mrs. Jesse Turney, of Paris.He is survived by his widow, twodaughters, Mrs. David Fox, of Mt.Sterling, and Mrs. Elva Gay, of Lexington; one sister, Mrs. Emma Magowan, of Mt. Sterling, and threesons, Messrs. Robert, Lawless andJames Gatewood, all of Mt. Sterling.ROWNEY.The funeral of Mr. RobertRowney, aged forty-six, who died inLouisville, Monday, after a short illness, was brought to Paris, Wednesday for interment. The burial tookplace in the Paris Cemetery, Wednesday afternoon at 2:30 o'clock,services being conducted at the graveby Mr. A. L. Boatright.Mr. Rowney was a native of Covington, but when a boy moved toParis with his mother, Mrs. AnnaRowney and his aunt, Miss EllaMontgomery, who afterward ownedand resided in the residence on'Highstreet adjoining the Paris Public Library. He was familiarly knownamong the boys of his day as "Bobbie Rats," a boyish nickname thatclung to him all through the aftervears. For several vears he was inthe employ of the Fuhrman Transfer Co. After the family moved toCovington he was in the employ ofa large furniture installment house.He later moved to Louisville, wherehe resided to the time of his death.Mr. Rowney was a cousin of Mrs.A. P. Adair, of near Paris, and ofMrs. Grant Denton, of the HotelFordham. He is survived by hismother, Mrs. Annie MontgomeryRowney, who still resides in Covington.la--At Little Rock, ArKansas, on uuae .puiauiiow 6JO .,...W isth insL to the wife of Mr. D. disappomtea oy me yerman laci,- the lbtn mst, lj cue j-g j. -,-,., f-Uir nr fhtr ideals n.rnM. Bachrach, formerly Mtes -Birdie & linsopWaticated bunch.JWollatein, of Paris, a daughter. Tfce ( imc4fcr is a 4afrter of Mr. andnLj Qnr dwlaration of war yiveaTrfSHii WoltateU, of Paris. Mother Coimt a pfcju. Totalm willtamd daukUr doing wU. j relieve that pain but the white JUg.News of what . has occurred atEssen, where the Krupp works hasbeen reported burning, is necessarilyhard to get and the exaggeration ofa blaze into a conflagration; themagnifying of an explosion into thewreckage of the entire plant is aboutwhat is to be expected in such cir-jmay return from war safe and viccumstances. I torious.It would be great news indeed to i "Sincerely Yours,learn of a successful effort of allied j. c. CANTRDLL."aircraft to burn the Krupp works. It fss sa teiis not to be expected that mutinousGerman workmen will do anything PLAYING SANTA CLAUS BRINGS,of theykind. As Ambassador Gerard DEATH TO ONE.has pointed out the German militaryand social organization is not likely Mrs. Carl H. Neilson, of Mbrehead,to produce revolution. There have Minn., was fatally burnecl Christmas;been repeated rumors of starvation night when candles on a Christinasamong German workmen, and rebel- tree fired her Santa Claus disguise"lion at Essen, but Essen still has while distributing presents to herground out guns as usual. It is not , family of children.CARR RICHARD. , ,Mr. Stanley Richards, of Pariand Miss Elaine Carr,' of near Shawhan, secured hcen"-e in Paris, Wednesday, and we-d married at eighto'clock Wedrsdav evenintr at thehome of the officiating minister.Rev. W. E. Ellis, pastor of the Paris jChristian thurch, at Mam andTenth streets.Mr. Richards is a son of Mr. andMrs. John E. Richards, of WhileAddition, and a Drother of Mr. ClydeRichards, who is connected with theJ. T. Hinton Co. Mr. Richards is Inthe employ of the Adams ExpressCompany at the local office, and Hsan industrious and worthy yourigman with a host of friends. fMiss Carr is a daughter of Mr.and Mrs. James Carr, of near Lair,and is a handsome and attractiveyoung woman."After a short bridal trip Mr. adMrs. Richards will return to Paris,and will reside temporarily withthe groom's parents, in Paris.ffII hi Mum i umi mi i I iwiiii i inniiirin iit mrfifrrnr inn wniTT rrTT-Twrrgmff-rT-" ' Mii.nii'ii.iiiiiii.i'iiuMgwKviMMMiijMMtwnwiMMMMijiBiijBMinr 1 1 mririmT.nj t t-.-"--"--" "yX1,91, mjr i!aienoarLi9EJ8SiMiwmwarakrxx3mT-mwT OurFriend4L1 is. aO '1-pSS$ BXlWe extend our sincere wishes for a MERRY CHR-IS7-MULLIGAN ROSS.The marriage of Mr. James M.Ross, managing editor of the Lexington Daily Leader, to Miss MarionMulligan, Lexington, was solemnized Sunday afternoon at the home pfthe bride, in Warren Court, in Lexington, the ceremony freing performed by Rev. I. J. Spender, in the presence of only the members of thefamily and a few intimate friends.After the wedding the bridal partyleft for a few days' trip to Washington and other Eastern cities, andupon their return will go to housekeeping in Lexington. IThe bride is a daughter of the lateJudge and Mrs. James Mulligan,ofLexington, and is a handsome andcharming young woman. She Teceived her education ak NazarethAcademy and in the convent at Quebec, Canada, where she graduatedseveral years ago. Mr. Ross is oneof the best known of the youngernewspaper men of the State, havingbeen connected at various times andin various capacities with the dailypapers of Lexington, becoming managing editor of the Lexington Leaderin 1913.I& Bl flRthenMAS and a HAPPY NEW YEAR. We thankfor their patronage dtsring the past year and wish toassure them of our best services in the future.POSNER BROSV .'X"AfterhristmSaleV"-!Mj&RELIGIOUS.The Christian Endeavorety of the Presbyterian churchmeet at thd court "house 4 Sevening at 6:30. ,,The subjectbe'"Plannimg Forthe JFutare.i'leader will be Mise Margaret GrlV iSoci-'fllvmf7willa-aeTMil rVHoliday Shoes and Slippers atGreatly Reduced Prices.PANParis' Greatest-iShoe Store-r-COHENWere Beauty, and Economy RekB- - "V -1IMPERFECT IN ORIGINaTj. V ' - ?''U-'