,--fJ l .THE! J -. ivrf- ,,il-- ,, J$PUBLISHED EVERY TUESDAY AND FRIDAY IN THE YEAR.VOLUME XXXVIIPARIS, BOURBON COUNTY, KENTUCKY, TUESDAY, JUNE 19, 1917BOURBONNEWSBIG MASS MEET- .ING SUNDAYPATRIOTIC BOURBONITES PILLCOURT HOUSE TO OVERFLOW-IKG-ARRANGEMEirrSFOR BEDCROSS CAMPAIGN.A crowd that filled to overflowingtic big Circuit Court room of theBourbon County Court House gath-.red at three o'clock Sunday afternoonio help in the work of inauguratingthe Red Cross campaign for raisingSl&.OOO, Bourbon county's apportionment of the $100,000,000 Red CrossFujs'd that is to be raised in the Nation this week.Preceding the meeting, and whilethe big crowd was filing into thehouse the Paris Military Band, anorganization that bids fair to takea "nigh rank in musical affairs inthis community before long, rendereda program of patriotic and popularselections.When the hour for the meeting arrived Mr. E. M. Dickson, Chairmanof the Bourbon County National Defease Council, arose and after statingth object of the meeting in a -briefand appropriate speech, introduce 1Rev. J. Grey McAllister, of Louisville,vco has for some time acted as supply for the Presbyterian church, whodt-Jivered the invocation. He wasfollowed by the principal speaker ofth afternoon, Rev. Dr. J. M. Maxon,President of Margaret' College, Versailles, who in a patriotic speech,stated the necessity of raising thisfund, and urged Bourbon county people to give liberally of their means.He pointed out what other placeswtrie going to do, and said that he- snted to hear that Bourbon countyhad not been lagged in contributins to the fund that would meanhelp and succor to thousands of boyswho would some time come out ofbattle wounded and maimed. Hisaddress was a scholarly one and waslistened to with the most profoundattention.Following Rev. Maxon, Dr. A. C.Terwilliger, of the U. S. Army, whorecently married Miss Olive Taul, ofParis, gave an interesting address,in which he told his hearers of thehorrors of the battlefields, as he hadsMinessed them during his stay indin"erent parts of Europe, and spokeat length of the wonderful resourcesand the humantarian work of theRedCross on those gory fields, andthe many unselfish acts and heroism of the Red Cross nurses that hadcome under his observation. Dr.Terwilliger's address was a most convincing statement of the urgent needfor preparedness in Red Cross workfor the things that always follow irthe wake of war, and met with thehearty approbation of the audienceJJiv. Dickson then stated that the-Kork of making contributions towardraising the 15,000 for Bourboncounty would be taken up. He gavethe audience to understand that itwas not a begging game, but that allwere urged to give as freely and voluntarily toward the fund as theyfelt their means would permit. Heurged that the contributions be madea large as possible, as by that meansonly could the required amount beraised quickly, and that while allwere perfectly welcome to contributeanything from one dollar up, it mustbe understood that the money couldnot be quickly raised by small contributions. Mr. Dickson's appeal hadthe desired effect, and when the tellers went to work the first contribution was for ?200: When thepledges and contributions had allbeen recorded and totaled it wasfound that there had been a responsefinancially to the appeal by the sumof 53,820. as follows:Mr. and Mrs. Sam Clay $200.V.r. and Mrs. A. B. Hancock, $200.r. N. F. Brent, $200.John H. Roseberry. $200.ttr and Mrs. James Caldwell, $125.Wr. J. H. Holt and sister, $100.Uv. and Mrs. J. M. Hall, $100.Mr. and Mrs. B. A. Frank, $100Mr. and Mrs. J. T. Collins, $100.ifr. and Mrs. F. P. Kiser, $100.Kr. and Mrs. E. M. Dickson, $100.Mr. and Mrs. Fred Fister, $100.Ur. and Mrs. T. H. Clay, Sr.,$10Mr. and Mrs. T. H. Clay, Jr.,&1G0.r. and Mrs. H. A. Power, $100.Dr. and Mrs. M. H. Daiiey,$100.Mr. and Mrs. J. H. Thompson,$100.Mr. and J. S. Wilson, $100.Mr. and Mrs, J. W. Davis, $100.Miss Lucy Simms, $100.Mrs. Cordelia Offutt. $100.Mr. Walker Buckner, $100. 'Mr. Wm. McMillan, $100.Mr. and Mrs. Fred Wallis, $100.Mr. and Mrs. B.-ML. Renick andColeman Renick, $100.Mrs. T. H. Tarr, $100.Mrs. C. M. Clay, $100."Ur. C. M. Clay, Jr., $100.Col. and Mrs. E. F CUy,.Sr.,$100.:COUNCIL PROCEEDINGS.At the recent meeting of the ParisCity Council, held at the CouncilChamber in the City Hall, the taxrate of the city was fixed the same!as last year and divided as follows:General fund, 75c; schools, 50c; Massie Memorial Hospital, 4c; PublicLibrary, 3c; Sinking Fund, 23c;total, $1.55.The report of the commissionerson the school bond issue was submitted and the clerk was instructedto advertise the sale of the bonds.V. D. McGoldrick, who has beenfor several years an employe of theParis Gas & Electric Co., was electedCity Electrician and Chief of theFire Department, vice Ullman Lancaster, resigned.The sum of $9,500, which is thebequest of Miss Isabelle Horton tothe Massie Memorial Hospital, wasplaced at the disposal of Mr. FrankP. Walker, Treasurer of the HospitalBoard, the money having been placedin the city treasury by an ordinancerecently passed.Resolutions were submitted andadopted by a unanimous vote expressing the sympathy of the members ofthe Council to the family of theirdeceased associate, Councilman JackWoods.A communication from Mr. J. M.Staiger, of Winchester, to the Chiefof Police and the Board of Council,was read and referred to the Grievance Committee. Mr. Steiger's son.and a member of a prominent Parisfamily were arrested some time agocharged with exceeding the speedlimit prescribed by the ordinance.At the trial of the case in PoliceCourt both admitted having beenrunning about eighteen miles anhour. Mr. Staiger was fined $22.50,and the Paris man dismissed. Theletter from Mr. Staiger protestedagainst the injustice of Judge January's action and against paying the$22.50 fine.-Ea a siINCREASING INMEMBERSHIPBOURBON CIRCUIT COURT.500 LBS.OF COPPEEPOUND.AT lc A1,000 lbs. of "Opeka Breakfast Coffee," 500 lbs. "Opeka Tea" at Varden's Rexall Advertisement Sale,beginning Thursday. Not mde than2 lbs. of coffee to any one person,no goods sold on credit at theseprices.(It) VARDEN & SON, Druggisr.Ed Th isNOTICE OP ADVANCE IN PRICESOn account of the advance in prices of all kinds of barber suppliesand materials we, the undersigned,are compelled to raise our prices inorder to give the same service inthe future as we have in the pabt.The following prices will go inioeffect on next Monday, June 25:Hair cut, 35 cents;Massage, 35 cents;Tonics, 15c and 20 cents.Oother prices will remain the same.(Signed:)CAHAL BROS.,CARL CRAWFORD,H. L. CLARKE,J. O. AYERS.T. R. CORBIN,J. B. SNAPP.(19-2t)IS THE LOCAL RED CROSS CHAP-TEIU-MANYNEW 'ADDITIONSAND LIST STILLNUMBERS.-!The following is a list of recentditlons to the local chanter as furnished from the office of the Society,in the Kriener building:Helen Hutchcraft, Mrs. Lou Pqsner, Mr. and Mrs. John McClintotfk,Harmon Stitt, Miss Katherine Burils,Miss Harriet Minaker, Mr. RobfctJohnson, (Millersburg), Mr. DougfesWilliams, Mr. C. W. Harmon, Mrfa.H. Richard,Mr. Charles Green, Mr.A. F. Wheeler, Mrs. Pearce Patin,Mr. W. T. Plummer Mrs. C. L. Stejnbergen, Mr. E. T. Mangum, Mr. 0."Jr.Mangum, Master Lawrence Holt,(Millersburg), Mrs. Rebecca Holt,The June term of Bourbon CircuitCourt convened yesterday, withJudge Robt. L. Stout presiding andCommonwealth's Attorney VictorBradley in attendance. The following grand jury was sworn in:Wm. G. Talbott, foreman; JohnSkillman, J. B. Cunningham, JamesGROWING IN Ralls, Dudley Bell, George K. Jones,Joseph Leach, B. G. Speakes, JamesFisher, Thomas Taul, James Woodford and A. L. Smith.The Court will be in session fortwo weeks. The docke't is not anunusually large one.Judge Stout's charge to the grandjury was a very short one. He toldthem that, as this was the seasonwhen farmers were very busy, theyshould discharge the duties theywere called upon to perform as expeditiously as possible, and that, asusual, they should make a careful investigation of all things brought before them for consideration, maketheir report, and then go home totheir work. Court adjoruned untilten o'clock this morning.J5i lsa tolw ----------WE KNOW HOW I(Millersburg). Mr. B. J. William.sMr. T. K. Smith, Mr. Sello Weill- MR. IRELAND DAVIS TAKES NEWstein, Mr. T. J. Norris, Mr. R.jBwiinams, Mr. jaKe saiosnin, r.narris, Mr. J. u. Bailey, Mr. FrameSanten, Miss Mattie Baldwin, Mi.Dan Peed, Mr. C. L. Bell, Mr. C.J J.Lancaster, Mr. Jack Peddicord, Mr. jwin uuaiey, Mr. Tom L.ongo, Mr.Stant Rummans, Mr. M. J. Lavin, Mr.H. W. Hamilton, Mr. Wayne CottiAgham, Mr. T. P. Woods, Miss MaryFrancis Campbell, Mr. R. S. Swango,Miss Eleanor Swango, Mr. RogerThompson, Mr. Vail Baldwin, Mr. WT. Fitzgerald, Mr. G. H. Houston,Mr. Will Higgins, Mr. F. H. Schop,Mr. J. W .Whaley, Mr. Fred E. Miller, Mr. Blair Varden, Mr. ci.ilLenox, Mr. Frank N. Higgins, Mr J.H. Collis, Mamie Umble, (colored),Mr. Frank Hall, Mrs. Lou Taylor,Mr. and Mrs. John Woodford, MJohn V. Woodford, Mr. B. Friedman,Mr. Douglas Clay, Mr. R. A. Yeltn,Mr. M. H. O'Neil, Mr. Carl Schrote,Mr. H. B. Pence, Mr. Bruce Miller,Mr. Rufus Stivers, Mr. Harry Kerslake, Mr. Victor Martin, Mr. William Grimes, Mr. A. B. Perkins, Mr.Charles Melty, Mrs. A. T. Forsyth,Mr. Jesse Turney.Pa fcs 3POSITION.Mrs. Nellie Highland, $100.Ford & Co., $100.Mr. and Mrs. D. W. Peed, $50.Mr. and Mrs. J. D. Booth, $50.Mr. and Mrs. George Wyatt, $50.January & Connell, $50.Surplus from Retail Merchants,$30.Mrs. H. C. Buckner and daughter,$25aMiss Kate Alexander, $10.Mrs. E. Buck, $5.The meeting closed with benediction and music by the Paris Band.The big crowd filed out, seeminglysatisfied that a big wedge had beenldriven into the wall of greenback.-?and gold that had been hidden somewhere in the city, and that in thefuture the work would proceed withrenewed vigor until the entireamount had been raised and turnedinto the National Red Cross Fund.There is a great deal of wealth inthat county that has not yet made itsproper response to the call of thisgreat work, and THE NEWS urgesthat these wealthy men andomencome forward this week, and givemore liberally of their means, for mthis way, and in this way, only, aspointed out by Mr. Dickson, can thecounty quickly raise its $15,000. Thelittle contributor is willing and readvto contribute his dollar, but the manwho has twenty to his one, shouldloosen up, and help bear the burdenfor his less fortunate fellowmen.Come, be men of generous impulses,and sTiow the good side of your natures! The campaign will be continued allthis .week. The offices of the RedCross Chapter in the Keener buildin e- "on Main, between Fourth amiFifth, tenanted by bright-eyed, rosy-cheeked handsome girls, should beMecca to which the genrous- mindedshould gladly turn. They will receive your dollars withrmixea witn u.LABOR BUREAU 0PENED.S-?A Labor Bureau, to be conductedunder the auspices oL the BourbonCounty Business Men's Club, for th2purpose of furnishing labor to farmers and others, has been opened inthe Anderson building, adjoining thenewly-erected brick business housenear the Paris Grand Opera House.The office will be equipped withdesks and other suitable furniture.Both Cumberland and Home telephones were installed yesterday.The office will be in charge of Mr.John M. Clay, whose experience infarming and the need of farm laborwill make him a valuable man forthe place.Farmers needing farm hands can.call up Mr. Clay or call at the office,where their needs will be attended to.The new office is a result of th3movement started some time ago bythe Business Men's Club, at the timethe campaign against loafers wasInaugurated here.Mr. Ireland7 Davis,. of Paris, whohas just returned from Akron, O.,where he has for some time been associated with the Firestone Tire Co.,has taken a position in the undertaking establishment of Mr. George W.Davis, and will in the future befound thereCMr. Davis is an experienced manin his line, having devoted most ofhis recent years to the automobilebusiness. He will drive the newmotor vehicles, which Mr. Davis willsoon install in his business and will ISin other ways be associated with the !business of the firm. ifca fc Sa 'THE HAMILTON PUND. ISMrs. John J. Connell, Mrs. R. B.Hutchcraft and Mrs. W. D. Mclntrye,commissioners of the Hamilton Educational Fund for Girls, will meetthe beneficiaries in the County Courtroom, at 8:30 o'clock, this (Tuesday) morning.A number of applicants are on thewaiting list, and the new beneficiaries will be chosen from this list, sothat no new applicants will be considered. Each young woman is asked to bring her report card and expense card with her. ICLOTHINGVALUESThat Can't Be Found Elsewhere You'll Find at Mitchell& Blakemore's StoreWe give you value for every dollar you spend,whether it is the man with a ten-dollar bill or thefellow with three tens that he wants to spend for aSuit of Clothes. We will not misrepresent ourmerchandise in order, to make a sale, and when youpurchase a suit from our store, whether it is a medium priced garment or a high priced suit, the samedependable guarantee goes with it that has madeour store a success.Blue Serge, Fancy Worstedand Homespun SuitsMade Right and Tailored LikeGood Clothes Should Be$12.50 to $30.00Walk into our store and buy your clothes youwill be satisfied with yourself and also the fit andstyle of your suit. Fancy, stylish and extreme stylesuits for the young man who wants to be among thewell dressed crowd.Mitchell & BlakemoreManhattan Shirts Nettlcton Shoes Stetson Hats:::eiiTwo-P151 fcs faTHOEOUGHBREDS ARRIVE.Twenty-two thoroughbred yearlingspurchased in England from Mr. J. BJoel by A. K. Macomber, owner ofLiberty Loan, the Latonial Derbywinner, arrived in Paris, Saturdayafternoon via the Louisville & Nashville. lThey were taken from thetrain here and walked to the farmof Mr. Hal Price Headley, in thiscounty, a part of the Elmendorf estate, near Hutchison. The yearlingswere in excellent condition, and appeared to have stood the long andtedious sea and land journey remarkably well... R IS 19500 LBS.OF COFFEEPOUND.AT lc A1,000 lbs. of "Opeka Breakfast Cof-fee," 500 lbs. "Opeka Tea," at Var-dens' Rexall Advertising Sale, beginning Thursday. Not more than U.pounds of coffee to any one person.No goods sold on credit at theseprices.(It) VARDEN & SON, Druggist.ISS 151 53WILL BE "HIGH FLIER."leceHot Weather SuitsQlUR Hot weather clothes are bound to make a goodimpression, as they are tailored and fashionedby leading clothing makers. You'll find realcomfort in these clothes, and whether you select a PalmBeach, Mohair, Tropical Worsted, Crash or DixieWeave, you are bound to get the latest styles and patterns. We are "doing our bit" in selling good clothes, and everydollar you pay gets exceptional value. In every transactionyou get complete satisfaction. We have cut our profits tobe sure of our values. Drop in to-day and buy one of these ,Hot Weather Suits and defy the weather.$8.50 . $15.00SILK SHIRTSIf you want something new in a Tub Silk Shirt, you havebut to come here. You will find the newest patterns in fastcolors. "Mr. Harris Earles, a nephew otDr. Martha Petree, of Paris, has received a commission as air pilot inthe U. S. Army Aviation Corps, andleft Sunday for the trainnig field at JBoston, Mass.Mr. Earles has been a teacher inthe St. Joseph, Mo., schools, but hasfor a year or more has been taking aspecial course of study in Washington, D. C, in sciences. He is full ofcousin to the famous Wright Brothers, of Dayton, Ohio, whose achieve-gratitudo j ments in aereonautics made tliem fa-I moiis as builders of flying machines.Exceptional Good Values At$4.00R. P. WALSHMain and SeventhONE PRICE STOREParis, Keiticky?tltmmm tPAJ'l'gjTHE BOURBON NEWSr PARISKt:TOT8DAY, JTITNH It, 1117.PAGE TWOm- ZK-Msot Wdnlerf if lory twer f Knwd, The lWrspte Sensation Of The DayayTheNEWSPIERSwA . J iua ' .m ri -ii,.. iiPim. iw'.H ,m m Jemm. u : &" f ,T, . V'- ' -.- rTilPiiRMPipplSw9BSIcFilmed by Selig Polyscope Company from Rex Beach's BookNEW ORIGINAL EDITION IN TWELVE REELSRe-issued With The Story Now Completely Told'Direct From The Selig StudiosA Tal Of The Great NorthwestOPERA HOUSEAFTERNOON AND NIGHTWEDNESDAY, JUNE 201vBSSSSSSSSSSSmw'-xIMMSHt v'?'3VSBSSSuBSSHPfc izrfi xmZkr T :&. 'iBaSSSSSSSSSSSmFW " " :My fiVHPssssBWLy ' ,SWBJ?BB3fBBBBBjBElL, ";BBBBBBbBt3 3J3Jg' ,': '& jMtiffltW iUbBBBlBBMFmV ? L3fc-''.J!?' &WE!&''&xm?..-l:& -:..:BSSSSSSSSSSSSSSh iiSI3 '&& fct-x .t&f xs3BBhM9v''BBJBBf-e' -BSBBBBBBlBBlBjPBBBBBBBm. v3Bn9; ; i jfc Bk("""' , MkBbHBt xiSHBSBBBSBBT-JrPi4 vr - , -f iiSflBSlBflBBlBK' ''dfSSBjBSSSSSSSSSSx-OjfM&a-r 4-vJIBBBBk '&&& S, 'HSiF.? -r ,iBBBvi: ;MF 2, Mm&&I ''v -JiiBsHBBBBK' k' BBj ijf -vJjbbbbbbbbbmT .vyH9MM:"' &, 3SBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBMfiGBStfflB7fliS0i2lHThe Bourbon News"lUbHshed 188135 Years of Continuous Publication.., ablished Every Tuesday and Friday.5T Year... ?2.00 Six Months... $1.00Payable in Advance.t SWIFT CiIAMP, Editor and Owner.Auy erroneous reflection upon thertenaractcr, standing or reputation ottany person, firm or corporation which&y appear in the columns of THEBOURBON NEWS will be gladly cor -ftrected If brought to attention of Vieih&racu.r, standing or reputation ofeditor.ADVERTISING RATESDisplay Advertisements, $1.00 per;Inch for first time; 50 cents per inchBach subsequent insertion.Reading Notices, 10 cents per line.ach issue; reading notices in blacktype, 20 cents per line, each issue.Cards of thanks, calls on candldates, obituaries and resolutions, and.pimiiar matter, iu cents per line. j bles around Paris were so abundantSpecial rates for large advertise- that they were given away. One of.ments and yearly contracts. Li t ! .. . ,The right of publisher is reserved' fhebief JyS.f the wnUr in boy-to decline any advertisement or other, nood was PayinS a sly visit to the-ki&tter for publication. orchard or watermelon patch ofAnnouncements for political offices some suburban resident and absorb'onst invariably be accompanied by ing enough fruit to satisfy immediatebe cash. needs without proper compensation to" the rightful owner. But let thatEDITORIAL MUSINGS.-"'IThe Country Girl.. " Soiliebodv IS alwnvs wririnir orfi,-fcles about tfie country boy, and it-;would- be interesting, perhans. towknow just how many columns have"been written instructing him to-"stay on the farm.7'f TVhy doesn't someone write aboutthe country girl? Ls it because no, one has been capable of framingt language to do her justice? Is it' 'because we take it for granted that-, she is so good, praise of the highestw kind would fall fiat should we try to-eulpgize her?. ' Somebody oughtto take an hour !: 'of two sometime and write about the-girl who believes that th-2 country.-- is a better place to live in than thecity; that it is Cleaner, quieter and? lor more beautiful. They ought to"vwrite something nice about the coun-try girl who finds nothing noblerthan remaining on the farm and.. making her home a place of happiness for her family and her friends.- -A It ought not to be hard for any-.. one to say something nice about thejjkind of country girls in Bourboncounty, for they are the very elect.She is the delicious mortal who "believes, in her clean heart, that Godnever meant her to be shut up in a, stuffy house, away from fresh air andv sunshine; the girl who believes that".the great outdoors was intended for,iher and she for the great outdoors.?? Theycould call attention to the fact"!: that she is closer to Nature and toT-fKature's God than the balance of us,jd that he is a better part of;theearth because she comes into closercontact with it.She sees the ever-changing picturesof Nature, hears the song of theuirub, me num ul ueeb, aim weuu)the flower that is purity itself be -cause Nature nurtured it. Shebrings us the freshness of the flowerin her very appearance. The countrylife as a symbol by which she livesand living nearer that symbol is far1 better than the artificial creation ofthe cities, who is surrounded bynearly all things that are artificial.,, ;, r. T , , ,.,,.a11 that 1S DomP and show and gllt"ter-J Some of these days we are going totake an hour or two off, get a boat.go up Stoner away from the noise' and whirl of Paris, and write something real nice about the countrygirl for the fairest of the specieslive near Paris!Garden Thieves.The papers In several Central Kentucky cities have been complainingof "war-garden thieves," explainingthat citizens who have planted earlyvegetables, such as onions, lettuceand radishes on the outskirts of townare the victims of this new form oftheft. This has been known to happen right here in Paris, though notto a large extent.So far as learned Paris has beenfairly free of such offenses this season, and it is to be hoped that everyone of Her citizens will fully realizethe seriousness of such wrong-doing.These gardens, no matter iviiere theyare planted, or by whom, are notcommon property. They are the private property of some individual, ando one nas a rignt to ai.sturo memwithout permission of the owner.In former years fruit and vegeta-I pass! Great quantities of ripe fruitien to tne grouna to rot. rue pn-ces then were so low that it did notpay to hire labor to pick them up.Under these conditions it was perfectly natural that they were looked a"t in a different light from ordi-, nary forms of property.Food supplies are now short, laborscarce, arid every garden now beingplanted will represent effort and somemoney. Raiding them will be justlike rifling a cash drawer. One result of the community garden plan,such as is now being tried in Paris,has be?n to change the feeling ofchildren toward stealing fruit. After, they have put labor and pains intotheir little garden tracts they beginto get the point of view of the garden-owner.We do not believe that there is aman, woman or child in Paris so unpatriotic or so low in principle as tobe guilty of raiding these "war gardens." We hope, if such depredations are committed in this State,not ore of them will be found tohave occurred in the city ot Paris, orin any of its suburbs.SOUE STOMACH.This is a mild form jf Indigestion.It is usually brought on by eatingtoo rapidly or too much, or of foodnot suited to your digestive organs.If you will eat slowly, masticate yourfood thoroughly, eat but little meatand none at all for supper, you willmore than likely avoid the sourstomach without taking any medicine whatever. When you have sourstomach take one of Chamberlain'?Tablets to aid digestion(ady-june)Naturally a man would rather parthis hair than part -with it.;-' -MATINEE PROMPTLY AT 3 P. M.ADMISSION lOTINGLINGGREAT FIGHT SCENE. IN .NEW"SPOILERS" ACME OFREALISM.Whn "Thfi Snnilers" ww flrnma.'t,pH fnr tlip ..,,.. its nrndl,Ppr,realized that it would indced be dim.. llU tr. ronrnf1irA fhn orhf nc h.; scribed by Rex Beach, for the nandto-hand battle was so terrific as al -most to defv renroduction. At that -Hm Thnmas Santsn.hl was t.hfl 1firt.lsafe and Sane basis Do not allowinir man of the Selig Co.. producingthe film, but he was not consideredfitted for the leading role and William Farnum was called in. Santschiwas given the role of McNamara, thevillian, who opposed the hero,t Glenister, but naturally was a triflepiqued that he had not been giventhe lead.The men got along fairly well toj gether, but when it came to stagingthe fight for the camera such wasj their enmity that they held off in1 their action, each fearing that hemight start real trouble with theother. Five different times the scenesiWilliam Farnumwas rehearsed to the despair of thedirector's idea of the struggle as itshould be filmed.Finally Farnum and Santschi weretailed aside and told to stage a realbattle. The director hinted to themthat he knew of their hidden ill feeling for each other and that theymight as well have it out before thecamera as any place else.The next time the men started thescene the camera started to work forit was evident that the actors werein earnest this time. They went ateach other with such ferocity thatthe supporting members of the company, too, knew that they werewatching a real struggle and instructions from the director for the timewas unnecessary. They fought onand on until it seemed as if bothmust drop until Farnum at last secured his famous hammerlock holdand actually broke his opponent'sarm. Santschi was in the hospitalfor two weeks after the fight, whileWilliam Farnum was bruised andsore and had to take a prolonged restbefore the remainder of the picturecould be produced.-"This fight is only one of the manyscenes which have made "TheSpoilers" famous. Throughout thepiece Santschi injected all the venomof his nature into the role of McNamara, not only because of his appreciation of the role, but also for theintense hate he bore for Farnum athe same time.A LATE SEASON.The lateness of the season In thisvicinity is shown by the fact thatthe catalpa trees are just beginningto bloom. Usually these trees, ofwhich there are a great number inParis, blossom in May, two or three,weeks earlier than this year. ' ixBBS slBBBBBBflBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBlbbkbbbb1bbbbbb1bb1bbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbIWITH ACTION AND EXCITEMENT"BUSINESS AS USUAL."Co-operation is the basic principleof modern success of the individualor company, and the same princpleapplies to our country's welfare, es-j pecially during the period of war. IIfc is your privilege, citizens ofParis, to co-operate with your fellow!i fcluss?nb "l ".Ie county anQ ine Cliy m Ikeeping business on a , normal and.the. listeria:, of war to affect your,daily activities. Continue along thesame lines that have characterizedyour activities in the past, and youwill be doing a patriotic service toParis, to Bourbon county, totheState and to the Nation.It is the good fortune of Paris topossess a number of industrial insti- '.tutions that can become even moreactive under the war conditions and Idemands. The additions of numbers jof skilled workers to the industrial !forces of Paris during the pasTyear jis an indication of the prosperousconditions of the community in theindustrial line. jStop and think it over in a calmmariner, and you will realize the ne-jcessity of your making every effort jto keep business going along as usurjIt is a duty you owe your fellow-jcountrymen, and a duty, the performance of which means that youare lending your sincere aid to thebattle that is being waged by yourgovernment. jLet's keep "Business As Usual!"CORN BREAD.(Philadelphia Inquirer)Efforts to spread the use of cornbread in England have so far failed. !Although Italy and Australia, as well ,as some other countries, raise maizefor human food, England bas alwaysstuck to wheat. Recent experimentsfailed for many reasons. It has not ,been possible to get properly ground Jmeal, which is of the first impor-Jtance. Then no one seems to have theslightest idea of how to cook it. It :will take a campaign of education toenlighten the people of England onthe subject of "cawn-pone" or of;"johrinycake." iIn fact a campaign of education inthis section of our own country 1would be worth while. It has lessnitrogen and more fat, and only peo- jpie of the South seem to be able toget along with it as a steady diet.But in the North it is an excellentsubstitute for wheat bread, especiallyat breakfast. When properly cooked.it is delicious, but comparatively fewpeople in this latitude appreciate it.Just now corn costs more thanwheat formerly did, and as it is byfar the greatest crop in the country,its progress this year will be watched with interest. It is now cornplanting time and will be for some,weeks. With winter wheat bad,much of the economic hopes of thecountry are centered in corn and potatoes both indigenous to the Western Hemisphere.SLOAN'S LINIMENTFOR RHEVJMATISM.The pain goes so quickly after youapply Sloan's Liniment for rheumatic pains, neuralgia, toothache,lumbago, sprains, and it If. so easy touse. It quickly penetrates andsoothes without rubbing and is farcleaner and more effective thanmussy plasters or ointments.Keep a bottle in the house and getprompt relief, not ouly from allnerve-pains, but from bruises,strains, sprainsrovcr-exercise and allexternal aches. At your druggist,25c, 50c, $1.)0.(adv-june)It requires all sorts of people tomake up'a world, including the Parisman who goes into the barber shopon Saturday night. to get a hair cutjust, a. moment before you' go in toI get a -shave. . .'-Mob Scene BeforeThe Brutal Fight, in "Ths Nw3pile"rs.,,NIGHT PROMPTLY AT S P. M-AND 20 CENTS11favorite youngster on the 'Long DistanceBell Telephone. "Children who cannot write can use theBell Telephone with ease, and their smallvoices over the wires give assurance to lovedones that all is well.The Long Distance Bell Telephoneplays an important part in the social life ofthe nation. Without leaving your homeyou can visit satisfactorily with relatives orfriends in distant cities.The service is fine; the rates are reasonable. J:Every Bell Telephone is a Long Distance StatioaCUMBERLAND TELEPHONEAND TELEGRAPH COMPANYIncorporatedBOX 122. FRANKFORT. KY.How Does HeStand at the Bank?That question often is asked,is it not? If a man stands wellhis words carry weight. He isa factor in the community.Everybody will stand well atthe bank if he or she depositssurplus cash.We are opening new accounts daily.Our system of loans and inter est is liberal and simple. -.VWe invite aFarmers' & Traders' Bankf. P. KISBR, PrMldentWM. GllIMKS Bookk3pr.Sixth and Main Streets" Paris, KyHello, Grandma!We're All Well,How Are You?It is a joyousmoment for the distantgrandparent when shehears the voice of hercall.W. Wl MITCMLX,. flashier.J.SKIB1-..-v:.-v. --v&- &" '?. T-:v. j..;-.L'-"-v-0..- iAiri'.jr- - -- " -. . ' , .:.'" - .-sS'.-.-.;."--?:-Ds-.,' :.' "'- vr'cl:c .::gSjESDAY, JUNE 19'l9i7.&THIT BOURBON NEWS; PARISr KY,ITJ' -;?5?r ;. . . - .&"SK(1' XkANNOUNCEMENTSWe are authorized to announce thegood Democrats below as candldiatesat the Democratic primary on August4, 1917, to fill the offices to whichthey aspire:FOR STATE SENATORLEE WAINSCOTT,Clark County.GEORGE HON,Clark County.ABRAM RENICK,Clark County.FOR REPRESENTATIVE.C. M. THOMASFOR SHERIFF.WILL G. McCLINTOCK.,T,Ul Doc Marshall and Bob Gilkey asdeputies.I A. SOPER,With D. E. Clarke and L. C. Ashcraftas deputies.FOR COUNTY JUDGE.GEORGE BATTERTONC. A. MCMILLAN.FOR COUNTY ATTORNEYDAVID D. CLINE.WM. GRANNAN.COUNTY SUPERINTENDENT OFSCHOOLS.J. B. CAYWOOD.MISS MABEL ROBBINGFOR JAILERGEO. W. JUDYTHOS. TAUL,JOHN H. DOTY,WALKER RISER,C. T. MASTERSON,W. O. BUTLER,JOHN W. KING,J. W. HART.FOR ASSESSORWALTER CLARK,I.Paris, with Jno. J. Redmon, of NorthMlddletown, as deputy.GEO. D. SPEAKES,of PAris, with Lee R. Craven, of LittleReck at Deputy.FOR MAYORW. O. HINTONE. B. JANUARYFOR POLICE JUDGECLAUDE P. REDMON,J. W. BROWN,P. A. THOMPSON.HARRY L. MITCHELL.ERNEST MARTINFOR CHIEF OF POLICE.JAMES H. MORELAND.W. FRED LINK.TOE COUNCILMAN.SECOND WAED.FIRST WAED.T. J. KISER.JOHN CHRISTMANJOHN MERRINGERFor Rent.Four-room brick cottage on Stoneravenue. Apply to(15-4t) O. T. HINTON.For Rent.Nice fiVe-room cottage on HighBtreet. All modern conveniences.Apply at t .(12-3t) THE FAIR STORE.'-" '-' ' r-t...rrLOSTSomewhere oh the strc&ts of Parhi,or between Seventh treeti2 and thePaiii Cemetery, .a work basket containing an embroidered' gown, silverthimble, sclssorfe nd- tatting -bobbin.Finder leave at this office.For Rent.Nice 4-room flat with water, gas andelectric lights, over Cahal's BarberShop. Most convenient location inParis. Apply to(tf) CAHAL BROS.For Sale.Several used automobiles. Thesecars' are all in good condition and canbe bought right for cash.DICKERSON & DOUGLAS GARAGE.(S-tf)Wool Wanted.- We are in the market for your wool.Get your sacks at the IndependentTobacco Warehouse.(l:tf) CLARK & YOUNG.eScrap Iron Wanted.l am paying fifty cests per hundredfor all kinds of scrap iron. Not lessthli l,&01Ktfaas. This material' cabe weighed at any city scales. This istoltfdtiRWW Vthe'car o Ue 'isvtil t mifirnieJtnibki; opj'ite'th'gfreigh dsjot.Call u over the Cumberland 'jfcontslcfcts Street, Paris, Ky.?'!1 ' i.ENDORSED AT HOME.Such Proof as This Should ConvinceAny Paris Citizen.The public endorsement of a localcitizen is the best proof that can beproduced. None better, none stronger can be had. When a inan comesforward and testifies to his fellowcitizens, addresses his friends andneighbors, you may be sure he isthoroughly convinced or he wouldnot do so. Telling one's experiencewhen it is for public good Is an actof kindness that should be appreciated. The following statement givenby a resident of Paris add'j one moreto the many cases of Home Endorsement which are being published aboutDoan's Kidney Pills. Read it.H. C. Hutchcraft, 1115 Main St.,Paris, says: "I have used Doan'sKidney Pills off and on for a greatmany years and with good results.Whenever I have suffered from weakness or lameness across my back, Ihave always found Doan's KidneyPills, procured from the ArderyDrug Co., never fail to relieve me ofthe complaint."Price 50c at all dealers. Don'tsimply ask for a kidney remedy getDoan's Kidney Pills the same thatMr. Hutchcraft had. Foster-MilburnCo.. Props., Buffalo, N. Y. (adv)SAILS FOR THE FRONT.Mr. Kenneth Alexander, wellknown stockman, turfman and clubman, of Versailles, who has been afrequent visitor in Paris, sailed fromNew York, Saturday, for France,where he will enter the service ofthe Allied armies as driver of a RedCross motor ambulance in the FieldHospital Corps of the French army.COOPER SELLS CLIPPER.Mr. J. 0. Cooper, one of the bestknown newspaper men in CentralKentucky, has sold his paper, theBlue Grass Clipper, published atMidway, to Mr. John G. Brown, andMr. Frank L. Walter. Mr. Brownhas for some time been the businessmanager of the Clipper, and Mr. Walter has been connected with the mechanical department of the paper forthe past eight months. Mr. Cooperretires from the business on accountof continued ill-health.WHOOPING COUGH.In this disease it Is Important thatthe cough be kept loose and expectoration easy, which can be done bygiving Chamberlain's Cough Remedy.Mrs. J. H. Martin, Peru, Ind., writes,"My two daughters had whoopingcough. I gave them Chamberlain'sCough Remedy, and it worked like acharm."(adv-june)NOTICE!The Commissioners of the Hamilton Fund will meet the beneficiaries in the County Court ioom onTUESDAY, JUNE 19, 1917,at 8:30 a. m. No new applicants willbe considered, ' as any beneficiariesadded will be chosen from amongthose on the waiting list. Those wishing to apply again will be receivedat 10 a. m. Each young lady shouldbring her report card and expenseaccount,MRS: J. J. CONNELL;mr.s. n. b: HUTCHCRAFT,MRS. Wl D. MdNTYR5,(15-2t)Commissioners.You Don't Halve toStoopIf You Use aGarlandCabinetRangeA fctautlful llnttf Garlanjfr on dltMay. Chm In and look than- war.PirisGaf&EIectricCo.(IaoorjrataJSOCIAL AND PERSONAL.Comings and Goings of Our' People Here, There andElsewhere.Miss Sudie Arnold, of Newport,is a guest of Mrs. J. W. Larkin.Mrs. Belle Lloyd, of Louisville,is a guest of Mrs. Custis Talbott.Mrs. Sarah Duvall has returnedfrom a visit to relatives in Frankfort.Mr. Roy Wetherall, is at homefor his summer vacation from schoolin Virginia.Mrs. J. Walter Payne is a guestof her sister, Miss Pansy Payne, inWarsaw, Ky.Miss Alma Louise Goldstein leftFriday for a visit to relatives inHuntington, W. Va.Miss Lucille Hall has returnedfrom a visit to Miss Mary Lou VanDeren, in Cynthiana.Miss Vernita Baldwin is visitingfriends and relatives in Norfolk andother places in Virginia.Mr. and Mrs. John Merringerand son, Edward, were guests lastweek of relatives in Covington.Miss Katherine Marsh and Mrs.Thompson Tarr were guests recentlyof friends in Woodford county.Miss Catherine Wilson was hostess last week to a charming guest,Miss Matilda Moore, of Shelbyville.Mrs. Charles Nute and daughter.Miss Clara Russel Nute, of Norwood.Ohio, are guests of Mr. and Mrs. C. P.Cook.Mr. Charles M. Boardman, ofnear Paris, has gone to Montana tospend the summer for the benefit ofhis health.Mr. and Mrs. J. T. Brown havereturned to their home in Melbourne,Ky., after a visit to Mr. and Mrs.Louis Mussinon.v Mrs. Fay Ardery has as guestsher mother, Mrs. Bessie Finnell anddaughters, Misses Mary and ElsieFinnell, of Georgetown.Mrs. J. M. Allen and childrenhave returned from a visit of severalweeks to friends and relatives inFloyd and Morgan counties.Miss Sidney Burris has returned from Indianapolis, where she hasbeen attending a mission school, tospend her summer vacation.Miss Virginia Dundon has returned from Danville, where she attended the Commencement exercisesof the Kentucky College for Women.Mr. and Mrs. Robt. Barr, ofTulsa, Oklahoma, former residents ofBourbon county, are guests of theirdaughter, Mrs. Clifton Dalzell, nearParis.Judge and Mrs. N. B. Turpin,Mrs. Jennings Maupin and Mr. Jefferson Tribble, of Richmond, were visitors in Paris last week, making .thetrip in their automobiles.Mr. J. A. Brannbck and nieces,Misses Thelma, Katherine and Loraine Brannock, visited Mrs. T. B.Lucas, in Lexington, Sunday. Theyare now guests of Mr. and Mrs. R.S. Donovan, in Georgetown.Dr. Milton J. Stern has returnedfrom New York City, where he attended the meeting of the AmericanMedical Association. While in theEast Dr. Stern visited Philadelphia,Atlantic City and other cities on apleasure trip.Miss Sophia Wilson, of RedHouse, Madison county, was theguest of honor at a six-o'clock dinner given by her sister, Mrs. C.Amyx, at her home on South Mainstreet. Other guests were MissesMary Arnollf and" Eunice Sftrother, ofWinchester, and Elizabeth Clark, ofParis.(Other Personals oh'"Page 5)DIEtT CUBE POft HAT FfcVEBSufferers from the chronic sneezehave long attributed 'their trouble tovarioiis plants; the pollen of whichIs1 supposed to '-produce an- Irritation.Mriyr ddctdrs now1 hbld that! the pollen' is oniy a 'secondary cause- andthat the trouble is primarily due tothe condition of the system. If thepatient will eat less and' more simply, taking special cafe to eliminateacids from his diet, he will surelybe benefitted, they claim,- and maysave himself the expense of a longtrip to a place free from the plantirritants.MORE IMPORTANT THAN WAR?The waltz, fox trot and one stepwill continue to hold sway as the"big three" dances, according todancing instructors attending thefourth annual convention of the international Association of Masters ofDancing in session in New York.While the instructors are sure of theperformance of the three dances Itwas announced at sessions of theconvention, which will continuethroughout the week, many newsteps will be demonstrated. About'two hundred members attended thesessions.A SEA-GOING SAFE.Nowadays when an ordinary shipsets out on an ordinary voyage thechances of her sinking on the wayare reckoned among the possibilities,and all the equipment is calculatedaccordingly. No Jjoat sails to-daywithout ample life-boat and life-raftfacilities. Biafon' all the hundredsof ships sunk in. the last three years'were many varuables--mohey andjewels-vwhich wre lost fcreyer.aafe Jias now , been 'invented forfor useom shipboard which wiir. float if thefanipfiMinJUf. tnus renanng;tne .rercovaryjof the valuable only,a matterof jraOjfiant searchnfiif ttie aRoi ojtthe disaster. ""KENTUCKY BANKERS TO MEETIN WINCHESTER.The annual meeting of GroupSeven of the Kentucky Bankers' Association will be held in Winchesteron Wednesday, June 20, in the ClarkCounty Court house. The session willopen at ten o'clock Wednesday morning. The officers of the Association areSanford M. Allen, Millersburg, president; E. M. Swain, Smithfield, secretary; Executive Committee, H. C.Dale, Eminence; Geo. S. Woods, Lexington, and R. P. Taylor, Winchester. Representatives of the Paris financiaXinstitutions will attend the meeting. The program to be observed is asfollows: Prayer, Rev. C. C. Carroll,of Winchester; Welcome Address,Judge James M. Benton, Winchester;Response, Hon. John G. Winn, Mt.Sterling; Address, Hon. Rankin Reed,New York City; Lunch at BrownProctoria Hotel from 12:00 to 1:00o'clock. Afternoon Appointment ofCommittees; Report of Committees;"Liberty Loans," Percy H. Johnson;"Bank Taxation," W. F. Bradshaw.Paducah; Bank and "Trade Acceptonces;" Discussion; Adjournment.OLYMPIAN SPRINGS UNDER NEWMANAGEMENT.Mr. and Mrs. William Huls, of Mt.Sterling, have closed a contract for alease on the Olympian Springs Hoteland grounds, a resort very popularwith Paris and Bourbon county people, many of whom have cottagesthere.Mr. and Mrs. Huls will be assisted by their daughters, Misses Maryand Lucile Huls, two of the most attractive" young women in Mt. Sterling. The resort was formally opened tothe public Sunday. The opening ballwill be given to-morrow night, anda large attendance is expected.The State meeting of the Bankers'Association will be a feature thereof June 20 and 21. The groundshave been put in perfect condition,and all ready for a prosperous season. COLD DAY IN JUNE.This section has in the past experienced some remarkably freak'fshweather, but it has remained forJune, usually a balmy month', to furnish the climax. Friday was thecoldest June day on recoid in thisvicinity, the temperature droppingrapidly, until it had reached the lowmark of 46 degrees.Overcoats and wraps, long sincestored away, were brought out to doservice again, and in many homesfires were relighted on hearths and ingas heaters that had been "closedfor the summer." The day was anextremely disagreeable and uncomfortable one, the cold wind and absence of sunshine making the dayone to be remembered.If the war in Europe is responsible for this state of affairs, as hasbeen stated by some scientists, weare for "peace" pretty soon, peacewith honor, and a change of weatherconditions.EMPLOYES TO .GET .EIGHT PERCENT. BONUS.Manager McDonald, of the localoffice of the Western Union Telegraph office, has received informationfrom headquarters to the, effect thatall employes'ofthV company whohave been in it employ since January 1, ;19,17, will receive a bonus ofeight per cent, of the entire salarypaid them during the six monthsfrom January l to J.uly,l.Another bonus of eight per cent,of the wages paid during the sixmonths will 'be paid on 'January 1,1918.The Paris boy who is moving everything in the attic isn't helpfngjnother clean house. School is over forthe season arid0 he's getting his poleand line together.WANTED!Every Lady, inBourbon CountyTo Visit OurBAKERY!EVERY DAYVISITORS'1t JtfrBmm-n .- m.IComingAttractionsTuesdayAlice Brady in the WorldfeatureWoman Alone'Brady Made."REEL LIFE'Ffconsists of interesting factsto old and young.Helen Holmes in the thirdeposode of"The Railroad Raiders"isHours-Alamo, 2 to 5:30; Paris Grand,7 to 1 0:30, Admission 5 and 1 0c.mi 1 1 iifHii 1 1 1 mi imiifum n mm m tn 1 1 1 1 1 rc i n n iapeciai rnce Reductions mis Week atWolf, Wile & Co,LEXINGTON, KENTUCKYI Here He Comes"GENERAL"CLEARANCEComes Marching In with an Entire Division ofWorth-While Values in this Semi-Annual -SaleEvent ofWomen's and Children'srSale NowReady -to- WesmGarmentsPermit us to introduce "General" Clearance, whawill be the most imposing merchandising figure duringhis activities at this store. He typifies the heroic measures that we have found necessary for a swift and sweeping clean-up in all our remaining stocks of Ready-to-WearGarments. And if were as good prophets aif we arVmerchandisers; "General" Clearance will long remem- 'bered in this town!We simply MUST clear these stocks ,out immediately, aid we shall leaieo stone unturned to accoM)lish7 ooi4'Jkilii.miCI.dm-BULEXINGTON,WolfWileMMMIIIMIMIIMinMfMMtMMIIIIIIIIIIIHMIIAutomobile Hearse or Ambulance!I desire to announce to our friends that I can, c wh eredesired, furnish an automobile hearse or ambulance. T hismethod of transpertation is especially desired on long trips,the same being made in better time, and at no advance incost over the horse-drawn conveyance.GEO. W. DAVIS, Funeral Dimeter.A MAN AND HIS WIFEte5S. TME DRYicAia FKqsrAND ALAMOWednesdayAlamo Afternoon andNight.Wallace Reid and AnitaKing in"The GoldenFetter"Produced by Lasky. Alsotwo Paramount Comedies.Opera Houst Aftrnnand Night, "The Spilrs."Admission 10 and 20c. Seelarge ad.. anHere He Is!'Going On:! A. .& Co. 1KENTUCKYmay both derive sjuiifactionby having their worn and toiSdgahnents cleaned by vmi Hhecoetia nominal, while t&e pMsure of wearibgold ctethe."tbttneve the appearance of ' new? "conjunction witfirthfeXiMrifrkdJhit you are effecting a jreatvingr muit lUre.ly satfaryx5$.-A-pnone brinfi va. . .EMRGRANDv131'$.-hiO"tMJygttffv, ywT"lwrxwE fcdttfcThe Bourbon NewsEstablished 188136 Years of Contlnions Publication.Bwfcllshed Every Tuesday and Friday.Per Year... $2.00 Six Months... $1.00Payable in Advance.WIFT CHAMP, Editor and Owner.(Entered at the Paris, Kentucky,Postoffice as Mail Matter of theSecond Class.)PARIS TO HAVE A "PATRIOTICSUNDAY."In accordance with plans recentlyformulated by the International Sunday School Association, "PatrioticSunday" will be celebrated in Parisand in the county on Sunday, July1, with appropriate exercises andspecial music at all the churches,both white and colored.Governor Stanley has issued a proclamation, calling on the people ofthe State to assemble in their respective places of worship to carry outthe purposes of the day. The proclamation follows:To the Peopele of Kentycky, Greeting: "Whereas, Sunday, July 1, having"been designated "Patriotic Sunday"by the International Sunday SchoolAssociation, comprising approximately 150 Sunday schools, with a membership of about 18,000,000 persons,and,Whereas, the purpose of the service of that day beingTo express gratitude to God forour Nation;To arouse feelings of loyalty anddevotion to the Nation;To enlist all Sunday school members in some form of patriotic service; To enroll as members of the RedCross Society the officers, teachersand as many others in the Sundayschool who wish to Join;To make an offering towards theRed Cross Society, or other War Relief agencies, or the Army Y. M. C.A. work; and,Whereas, the Governor of this Statehaving been requested to aid in thspromotion of this laudable and patriotic movement,Therefore, I, A. O. Stanley, Governor of Kentucky, do hereby suggest that the people assemble in theirrespective places of worship to carryout the purposes of the day.GIRLS' HONOR GUARD ELECTSOFHCERS.At a well-attended meeting of thsGirls Honor Guard, held in theCounty Court room in the court houseFriday morning, presided over byMiss Helen Hutchcraft as temporarychairman, the following officers toserve during 1917, were elected:Miss Elizabeth Steele, president;Miss Elizabeth Brown, vlce-persi-4emt;Miss K&therine Marsh, secretary; Miss Willie T. Summers, treasurer. 4 fe following new members werereceived at the meeting: Misses Lucinda Paton, Grace Haskins, Elizabeth Jasper, Ruth Orr, Eleanor andXiula Champe Lytle, Lucille Hall,Favola Dundon, Nancy Belle Fisher,Louise Connell, Luella Wiles, EdithHarris, Mrs. Virginia Bosworth, Mrs.Woodford Daniels, Mrs. W. E. McClannahan, and Mrs. John Yerkes.A new class in First-Aid-to-the-In-juredwork will begin this weekwith Dr. J. M. Williams as instructor. The young women will beginpreparations at once to fit themselvesfor service in the various lines ofirork specified in the plans of the organization. The District meeting will be heldat the Phoenix Hotel, in Lexington,on Friday afternoon, June 23, atfive o'clock. A large delegation fromthe Paris branch will attend themeeting.to m mTHE RED CROSS AS AN EFFECTIVE AGENCY.'-'Our boys, sick and wounded, must- he 'cared for on the battlefields andil ter: Precious lives must be saved.YOUR' boy may be on the firing linesoon. Perhaps it will be your neighbor's boy. We who remain at homemust provide the money for the RedCroee. the official and only effectiveagency, the greatest humane organization the world ever knew.to to iPOLICE COURT REPORT.Judge January makes the follow' img retort of the business done inPolice Court during the month ofMay:Aasou&t of anes assessed, $3.50;sat tint of ftmee reflevined, none;MUeetei, fll.tf; amouat of finemfiTTff, mm; aaaouftt of fine partoft, MKWBJt of Hues worked out,ttf.M.PARISIAN INBUSINESS.MOVIEMr. Matt Thornton, formerly ofParis, is now connected with theKleine-Edison-Selig-Essanay FilmService in the Cincinnati office, wherehe has been stationed since July.1915. Mr Thornton sends THENEWS a bunch of handsome lithographs" showing scenes in the celebrated play, "The Night Workers,"a play depicting life in a newspaperoffice, which is booked for the AlamoTheatre, in Paris, on Monday night,July 16. This is said to be one of thebest newspaper photoplays ever produced and will no doubt receive awarm reception here.Among the other plays booked bythe K-E-S-E people for the Alamo iand Paris Grand are the following:July 9 "The Danger Trail;" July16 "The Night Workers;" July 23"Builders of Castles;" July 30"The Lady and The Lion;" Aug. 6"The Telltale Step;" Aug. 13 "Mystery No. 17;" Aug. 20 "Filling HisOwn Shoes;" Aug. 27 "The Land ofLong Shadows."Pa pa paTAKE YOUR VACATION AT THECHAUTAUQUA.It may be that you are planning avacation this summer. In that case,don't look to a distance for a placein which to spend the time. Youmay not be half as comfortable inthe hot weather visiting somewhereas you could be right here at homewith entertainment and amusementand all the big things of the Chautauqua brought right to your doors.The program is nicely varied withfeatures that will be of special interest to everyone, with an abundanceof music and entertainment to makethe week delightful and highly entertaining throughout.Hon. Wm. J. Bryan will be a feature of the meeting which opens onMonday, July 2, and continuesthrough July 7. Mr. Bryan needs nointroduction to the public of Paris,as he has delivered lectures andspeeches here on several occasions. Mr. Bryan will appear on theChautauqua program on the openingday, Monday, July 2.The Chautauqua dates are July 2,3, 4, 5, 6 and 7.- Pa )?a ft&ONE CENT SALE THURSDAYA pound of the finest coffee, half-pound of best tea, 35c bottle ofvanilla or lemon extract, toilet waters, toilet soaps, rubber goods, anda thousand other things at Varden'sRexall advertising sale, beginningThursday next. See our windows,get a bill of the sale.(It) VARDEN & SON, Druggist.Pa fa PaSWIMMING PARTY AT "XALAPAFARM.""Xalapa," the beautiful country estate of Mr. Edward Simms, on theParis and North Middletown pike,was the scene oi a Drmiant partywhen Mr. B. Meinertz entertained alarge number of friends. The afternoon was spent in swimming in on?of the big ponds. A dinner wasserved, after which the guests indulged in bridge and other games.The guests who enjoyed Mr. Meinertz's hospitality were Misses Nelson,of Winchester; Mrs. Wm. I. Goodwin, of Lexington; Misses ElizabethSteele, Carolyn Roseberry, CorinnoCollins; and Kate Alexander; Mrs.Katherine Davis Craig; CharltonClay, John Kriener, Hiram Roseberry, Jo. Davis, Sidney Ardery, Jr.,Withers Davis and Ben Buckner, allof Paris; Dr. Lyons and Mrs. LouisHampton, of Winchester.to to 1SELLS BIG FARM.To dispose of their holdings and tosettle up the estate, the heirs of D.F. Frazee, through C. T. Asbury andC. B. Wilson, agents, sold at privateauction last week 500 acres of landlocated on the Clintonville and Bryant's Station pike, to C. Z. Asbury,for $75,000, and 272 acres located onthe Russell Cavd pike, to C. B. Wilson, for $54,642. Mr. Wilson alsobought a house and lot on SouthBroadway, in Lexington, for $8,500.The sales were make by AuctioneerGeorge D. Speakes, of the real estatefirm of Harris & Speakes, of Paris.to to toB-4 FIREInsure withW.O.HINTON &SON,Agtsto to toSMALL HEEThe fire department was called outearly yesterday morning by an alarmfrom Box 18, to the meat store ofMr. P, M. Heller, on Main street.Fire originating in a smoke house inthe rear, caused slight damage, butwas quickly subdued with the chemical. to to to-JFire, wind and lightninginsurance.Thomas, Woodford &BryantoBOY UOTBEBrWhen the machine in which Dr. FP. Campbell, his son, Edwin, andJesse Kennedy, were riding, swervedfrom the road and struck the side ofa bridge, Friday, young Campbellwas badly cut about the face.The windshield was shattered bytke force of the collision, throwingbroke glass in the boy's face. Hewas. taken to his home, where hisinjuries received attention.FORMERTHE BOURBON NEWS, PARIS, KY.Chautauqua to Bring Governor Patterson, of TennesseeInternationally-Famous Champion of Reform to Speak HereChautauqua patrons will have anopportunity of hearing the distinguished Ex-Governor Malcolm R. Pattenon of Tennessee on the fourthnlgkt of the Assembly.The coming of Governor PattereonIf an event that will do honor to anycomununlty. In acknowledgment ofthis fact great cities throughout thecountry have entertained him as theirgueit of honor and have heard himspeak at great mass meetings byscores of thousands.Twice elected governor by theliquor interests of his state, and formerly heading all his energies againstthe cause of iefornif the very heartWhen Bishop Vincent of the Methodist Episcopal Cluueh oigani.ed thefirst Chautauqua he started a movement that has done mre for the uplifting and enriching of the Americanlife than any other movement outsideof the church.THE WEATHER.The weather forecast for the week Jbeginning Sunday, June 17, is as follows:The Ohio Vallev and Tennessee;Considerably warmer; first halfwarmer; second half fair until nearend of week, when local thundershowers are probable.You're a welcome comer.After long delay;But here's the way, Miss Summer,You needn't burn your way!These lines sorter fit the kind of ,Wnon,nn fcQ m-oi Wnatw efus Sunday. The day was an idealone, following a period of decidedly!COOl weather 1The return to fair and warmermeans a great deal to the farmersand gardeners. Vegetation has beensuffering from a lack of sunshine.Prospects are for a period of comparatively warm, clear weather,which will partly compensate forchilly, gloomy days of the past.IB 151 5lA MISTAKE.. , , " .The report has been circulatedthat all livery barns were chargingv m iui umuB. we ues iu iaform the public that we are stillcnargmg uie same om price oi J.U ,cents, and don't belong to the combine.MARTIN BROS.,(19-3t) Eighth street.to to toRED CROSS CONCERT.On next Thursday evening, June21, Mr. Per Nielson, of the Lexington College of Music, will give aconcert in Paris at 8:15 p. m in theauditorium of the Paris High School,for the benefit of the Red Crosswork. He-will be assisted by hisartist pupil, Mrs. Frambf Fithian, of,Paris, Mi5 Myrtle Keshtlmer, ofLsiligton, will he accompanist Thepublic is cordially invited to attend.Ibekw""lGflHSSSSSSSSSflNVSflfc. 5S5BSSe3?hSMflflflS'BEEEPHL'S' . .-M'm iBof his convictions has changed, andlike another Saul of Tarsus he hasbecome the great champion of thecause h once despised.What Richard Cobden and JohnBright were to the laboring massesof England, what William Lloyd Garrison and Wendell Phillips were tothe cause of anti-slavery In America,so Malcolm R. Patterson is to thecause of 'true Reform today.What is the secret of this man'spower and why is he In so much demand on the platform? Two things,first, he has passed through a wonderful set of experiences such as sel' dom fall to the lot of man. TheseThe Chautauqua and Lyceum are 'the only institutions absolutely freefiom the restrictions of creed andparty. The speaker has liberty torpeak, the hearer has liberty to hear.Wo surely' do meet upon the leveli and part upon the square.HANCOCK SELIS IMPORTEDTHOROUGHBREDSThirty-four thoroughbred yearl-ings bred or imported by Arthur BHancock are on their way from Call-5,?irne,.Faim' ne! PwlS' f" ndEllerslie Farm, Charlottesville, Va.,h0th Jl T?. S?tablilll,??lt8, arGowned by this distinguished turfman,to New York, where they are to gounder the hammer next Thursdayevening at Durland's Riding Academy. In the collection, which Mr.Hancock believes is the best he hashad in many years, are 26 nativebred, seven English bred and oneFrench bred, the latter being a sonof Black Sand and Parthenis, byAax' broer Aof Adam- aAmong the Americans in the party1S a siaLer UL Xi"iroiuery. uiueia uyCelt a?e outJlof he eod maresJ?1!a"montaina Aurine (dam of B ill eHibbs.) Sumptuous (sister to BillieHibbs.) Amaranth (dam of Sol'dRock,) Belle Fieur (dam of Gaelic,Beau Pere and Easter Lily,) Cowl(own sister to Helmet and half sister to Knight Errant,) Sand Dune(dam of Dune Site,) Albert 01a( ownI sister to Herbert and Bonnibert,)! Eliza Russell (dam of The Monx andi Exton,) Sister Anna (sister to Ocean'Tide and dam of Puggins,) Orowoci ,nlftH Wh tft Yftnkfie airi. RunnimrWater Christmas Star and Escoba,).gailie Washington (dam of Napo7,leollf) Inna (sIster to Red Rivei.t)CMioraliA (Aam nf TnnulAtn.. Watltn.XI11W.U..U v ..-... - ...a.. .., .,--.(dam of .Lucy Marie.) He has threeby Vulcaln and one each by FairPlay, Peep 'o Day, Ballot, Transvaal,Heno and Plaudit. The English coltsand fillies. are by Polymelus, Sunsta;',Junior, Myram, Santry, Adam Bedoand Spanish Prince.to imTHINGS TO WORRY ABOUT .There's but one little vexation ofthe telephone service that can compare with the sweet refrain "Line'sbusy," and that is "Beg pardon, Ihare the wrong number," which happens many times in the course. ,of afcusy day! , - .-IV I;experiences revolutionized his life andset him on fire with conviction.. Second, he has a real message. Thatmessage treats of a Yery old subjectbut in a new and masterful way. Itis a plain, fearless unprejudiced andexhaustive address on th liquorproblem.Patterson is In the zenith of hisstrength and is a thorough veteran.He is a deep thinker, a brilliant orator, and a useful citizen. No man orwoman on either side of this question can afford to miss hearing himin his great address, "The Mind of aNation," at the Chautauqua on thefourth night.The Chautauqua is the champion ofneighborhood life at Its best. TheChautauqua appeals to and is for thewhole family. It pulls with father andmother for the best interest of thechildren. It glorifies home life, and isalways safe, sane and conservative.RENUMBERING MAIL BOXES. .In order to make the work of delivering the mails on rural routes inthe county easier, Postmaster J. Walter Payne has inaugurated a systemhv whinh ftll . m''ed on each of the eight routes in andout of ParIa Thl8wln be a thelP t0 the carriers and will be a de-cided beneflt to the Bat., Therlr waQ ll.inm . . ". ' ...be completed ag soon ag pogsibls Jprobably the last of this week.By addressing the owner of thebox with the number of his box the!delivery of rural mail will approachvery closely to the system in effect!on the city routes wherQ maUdressed to street and number standsno chance of being lost, as is sometimes the case with mail not so addressed. Pa Ts feTHIS IS THE TIME.Porch rugs and swings of everyvariety. They are getting scarce.Now's the time to buy. We havothem.(It) A. F. WHEELER & CO.frl B 1BUYS COTTAGE.N Mrs. Harry Mathers has purchasedof Mr- C. B. Gilman, of Lexington,through the real estate firm of Harris& speaKes, ot inis cuy, uuua uulot on Harmon street, in Kenry Addition, for 1,000.PUBLIC SALE OF VALUABLE LOTON SATURDAY, JUNE 23, 1917.at 2 p. m., I will sell at public auction on the premises,! a lot located onthe corner of High and Eighth Streets, 58 feet on High Street and 49 feet6 inches on Eighth Street.This is a rare opportunity to secure a splendid lot and will make afirst-clasa location for a buslneea house, situated right in, the center of thetown. sDon't fail to attend; positive sale.TERMS Easy and made known' om toy of sale.Ill JOHN XoGULXY. "For further information call om the umdersigmed who will take pleasure in showing property. AW'TUESDAY, JUNE 15, 1917. AA WONDERFUL MIMIC.One of the very best attractions ofthe Chautauqua is Miss Elma 3.Smith, the Mimic, who Imitates littlechildren, the Wabbling of birds andthe familiar animals of childhood. Mi33Smith has just come back to rjieChautauqua after years of successas a headliner on the big city vaudeville circuits. Miss Smith has noequal as a mimic and delineator ochildren, and her programs are eatirely out of the ordinary and extremely refreshing.TO PLAY "MRS. MALAPR0P"Miss Martha Miller of Cambridge PUy.ers to Take Leading Part in Production of "The Rivals."i, vz. r S- - l a?.&,'&:.. . .. .,. ' .sMiss Martha Miller of the Cambi idge Players Js to play the leadingrole in Sheridan's "The Rivals" to begiven at the Chautauqua on the fifthnight."Mrs. Malaprop" is the characterthat makes Sheridan's masterpiecesuch a delicious comedy. She pronounces all her words correctly butgets them in the wrong place, everytime. Miss Miller is a genius at character delineation, having starred withher company in Shakespearian repertory in past years."The Rivals" fs a four-act comedyfull of fast and furious fun. MisMiller will be ably supported by theother members of the company, whichis the best of its kind. The sceneryand costumes will be -ery beautifuland elaborate.Remember, the fifth flight of theChautauqua.'JUDGE LEE S. ESTELLE, one ofthe best friends a boy or girl introuble ever had, and the distlnguishtjudge of the Omaha JuveniU Court,will deliver at the Chautauqua on thesecond afternoon his heart-grippinlecture, "The Law, the Lass and theLad." In this address the judge willtell how the juvenile court savesevery year hundreds of boys and gtrtjfrom lives of crime.The late, Elbert Hubbard, who weatdown on the Lusitania, has said: "Naudience you can gather In Americapossesses so much phosphorus as data Chautauqua gathering."The Chautauqurs invigorating influence is leading smaller communities to know themselves, and in somemeasure appreciate their powerfvlpossibilities.ESCAPED PRISONERS.The city police and county authorities have been asked to keep a lookout for two Federal prisoners, ElfBenton, of Irvine, and Tom Reed, ofee cunty' who made theIrfrom the Winchester jail Fridaynigh- ,?otn had been convicted ofbootlegging. The men sawed theiron bars of their cells with an ordi-nary table knife, which is supposed to" , l"c:" "ss em m abasket of foodLOST.Pair tortoise-shell nose glasses onstreets of Parl. Finder return toBOURBON NEWS or undersignedand get reward.(lt-pd) M. J. MURPHY.Dissolution NoticesThe firm of Taylor & I Jordan,grocers, corner Tenth amd Mainstreets, will " be dissolved July 1 ,1917, by mutual consent, Mr. Taylor retiring. Mr. Jordan will continue business in the same stand. -J.'W;TAYLOR,'DAN JORDAN.(19-3t), -ir iHBBBBBBEJL' ' ..BrB.'sbbbbbbbbVPI' &0BJP-' bksbbbbbbBhb19bW hS& bsSc- TBflSK?'?-" dBVf. . "v -v ySPK( "It IV-T- i,ITUESDAY, JUNE 19, 1917.THE BOURBON NEWS, PARIS, KY.pAGiinaf?fsC!jFOR THE BESTNOTHING ELSEVACATION TIME.All leather suit cases, $7.50 up.Traveling bags made of cowhide, pigskin and walrus. Neverbreak andHartman's wardrobe trunks.J. W. DAVIS & CO.: Tsi Pa taLAST WEEK TO BUY STRAW-BEREIES.This is the last week for strawberries. If you .want any for preberving give us your order now.(lt) C. P. COOK & CO.pa Ts !iAUTO SALES.Judge H. C. Smith, of near NorthMiddletown, purchased of the Lexjng Cadillac Company, a handsomeCadillac Eight machine.ES fa fa rRED CROSS PLACARDS.Red Cross placards for windowdisplays for windshields of automobiles and for other decorative purposes can be obtained at THE NEWSoffice upon application. Call early,as the supply is limited.fa fa faPARIS MAN ELECTED TO PROFESSORSHIP. Prof. C. A. Ellis, of Paris, wellXnown in Kentucky eduactional circles, will have charge of the RhineHigh School, at Rhine, Georgia, next'year, as principal. Prof. Ellis was amember of the faculty o tlie tfoodwinsville, Ga., High School the pastechool term. vfa fa faBUY A HOOSIER KITCHEN CABINET.Buy a Hoosier Kitchen Cabinet andsave money, time and worry. Itmakes work in the kitchen a pleasure rather than a drudge. The Hoosier is the best and cheapest. Wehave them.(It) A. F. WHEELER & CO.fa fa fa"BUCK" NOW A SOLDIER.Clarence Buchanan, for manyyears the capable and efficient stenographer at the Power Grocery Co., hasenlisted in Co. B., Second KentuckyNational Guard. "Buck" has beenmade non-commissioned officer withheadquarters with the detail in Parisdoing guard duty. He will be in aclerical position with the companywhile it is in the Lexington camp,having charge of the company records. fa fa faPOR SUMMER.Genuine Palm Beach suits; correctly tailored and reasonably priced.The price is ?10.J. W. DAVIS & CO.fa fa faYARDEN'S SALE BEGINS THURSBAY. The finest line of toilet articles onearth toilet waters, Soaps, Perfumes, talcum powders, face powders,and many other items, at Varden s lceale. These goods are sold to yousimply to get you acquainted withthem If they were not the best, anathe United Drug Company knewthat you would continue to use them,they would not put on these sales.(It) VARDEN & SON, Druggist.SOCIAL AND PERSONAL.Comings ' and Goings of OurPeople Here, There andElsewhere.NEWS OFHCE TURNS OUT ANQTHER GOOD JOB.The Carlisle directory of the Nicholas Home Telephone Company, isjust off THE NEWS' press, and hasbeen delivered to the manager s officein Carlisle. ' .The book comprises thirty-twopages, and has been Pronounced typographically and mechanically perfect by as competent a judge as District Manager J. J.Veatcb-.TJS. x-l -;i n?oc and tlieskilled workmen for all classes oftypographical work.fa fa faNO SLACKERS HERE.Several Central Kentucky countypapers have printed complete lists ofthose who signed at the recent registration under the drafting law forthe army service. m.,,,0.1.As every man of the legal militaryage in Bourbon county e'can say that all you have tc dc .is toask a man his age, and if .he comes,x, .- t vaii.wU1 know thathe is not a "slacker?' Such a thingas a "slacker" does not exist in Bourbon county. - -,.LET US HELP YOU SEDUCE THECOST.With coal atS7.50 a ton and goinghigher, and stopping no tellingwhereit is high time for you tc befiguring on how to keep warm andreduce Oie cost of bating this win. TTin used gas in theirfurnaces last winter e peased--bothwith the heat and cost. Theprice of ga stay the same If s thecht amd bt way to heat. Hareyour piping done now before theyour viy .-.. any more.coat oi pipits, - ,... iiTM, i ngur. on your furnace amd.iim,TO-DAY i wJ - -Mrs. E. L. Stone is a guest ofher parents in Jackson, Ky.Miss Mary Martin is a guest ofMiss Mabel Todd, in Winchester.Miss Octa Bratton, of Mt. Olivet, is a guest of Mrs. S. E. McClanahan. Mrs. Harry Booth, of Lawrenceburg, is a guest of her parents, Mr.and Mrs. A. J. Fee.Misses Nettie Pullen and Eleanor Lilly, of Shelbyville, are guestsof Mrs. James McClure.Mr. E. T. Hinton, of the J. T.Hinton Co,, has gone to Martinsville,Indiana, for a two-weeks' stay.Mrs. Lutie Turner, of Ft. Myers, Fla., is a guest of Mr. and Mrs.Chas. P. Cook, on Eighth street.Dr. and Mrs. Charles GarrardDaugherty, of Paris, are spendingtheir honeymoon at Atlantic City.Mrs. H. H. Hancock and children, of Paris, are guests of Mr. andMrs. Samuel Hancock, in Cincinnati.Mrs. Felix Ashbrook, of Lexington, is a guest of her daughter, Mrs.Thomas W. Allen, and Mr. Allen, onDuncan avenue.Somerset News: "Mr. and Mrs.Will Clark have returned from a visitto relatives and friends in Paris, Lexington and Frankfort."Miss Augustus Glass, of Wash-ington, D. C, will arrive Thursdayto be the guest of Mrs. Swift Champe,on Pleasant street.Mr. Robert Rose has resumed hisformer position as Chief Clerk in theoffice of the mechanical departmentOf the Louisville & Nashville, at th;3Miss Margaret Ardery is a guestof Mr. and Mrs. W. D. Spalding, atWallace Place, near Cincinnati. MissArdery was guest of honor at a cardparty given Friday afternoon hy MissSpalding.Mr. and Mrs. Stanhope Wiedemann and children, Naomi and Stanhope, have returned to their homenear Paris, after a visit of twomonths to Mrs. J. D. Pmjcell, in Fayette Park, Lexington.Miss Elizabeth Lenihan and Mrs.Edward H. Gorey have returned froma , visit to friends and relatives inLouisville. They also attended thecommencement exercises at NazarethAcademy, Nazareth, Ky.Mrs. Margaret Sullivan has returned tocher home in Lexington, after a visit to her sisters, Mrs. EdwardBurke, Mrs. M. J. Lavin and Mrs.John Dean, and her brother, Mr. Edward Doyle, in this city.One of the recent very enjoyablesocial affairs was the ice cream andstrawberry supper given in the clubrooms of the Catholic church onHigh street by the members of thoCatholic Men's Club of the church inhonor of the ladies of the congregation. Music was furnished by anorchestra composed of members of tneclub. Solos by Miss Irene Lenihanand recitation by Miss ElizabethDean were pleasing features of theentertainment.Miss Jennie L. Kiser entertainedrecently with an outing party inhonor of Miss Letta Keller's birthday. The crowd gathered at theKiser home, and were met by MissKiser, who introduced them to thehonor guest, Miss Keller. The hostess was assisted in entertaining byher mother, Mrs. Kiser, Mrs. C. C.Larkin, Mrs. Ed. Keller and MissChristine Keller. Lunch was servedin the woods to the following guests:Misses Leta Keller, Janie Keller,Julia Keller, Christine Keller, EstherBoatrlght, Margaret Lavin, MaryCalnan, Margaret Calnan, GraceKiser, Minnie Kiser, Mary Kiser,Nora Hutson, Lena Hutson, SophiaHutson, Winnie Hutson, BernlceFlorence, Edith Harper, Daisy McKee, Gladys Kiser and Jennie Kiser,of Paris; Margaret Neal, of Taylorsville; Margaret Tate, of Shawhan;Miss McConnell, of Cynthiana;Messrs. Jeff Smith, Albert Lavin, E.W. Kiser, Andrew Kerns, CharlesDickerson, Winston B. Hart, of Paris;Alex Hutson, of Winchester; DavidD. Cline, of North Middletown; Mr.and Mrs. C. C. Larkins, Mr. and Mrs.J. T. Kiser, Mr. and Mrs, FrankSkillma'n, Mrs. M. J. Lavin, Mrs.Fannie Smith, Mrs. N. B. Kiser andMrs. Ed. Keller, of Paris; Mrs. Wi?liam Crombie, of Shawhan.(Other Personals on Page 3.)KNIGHTS OF PYTHIAS MEMORIALEXERCISES.Appropriate memorial exerciseswere heTd in the Paris Cemetery,Sunday afternoon by the members ofthe Uniform Rank and subordinatelodges, K. of P., of Paris, in memoryof their deceased brothers.The members of the lodges, together with representatives from BlueLicks, Winchester, Berry and Mt. Olivet, met at the K. of P. Castle Hallat 1:30 p. m. and headed by theMt. Olivet Band, marched to thecemetery, where the exercises wereheld. The members of the StaeGuard, on duty here, had a place ofhonor in the parade. " At the cemetery the following program was rendered: Opening Ode; Prayer, Rev. J. T.Sharrard; Music Mrs. FanniebelleSutherland, Mrs. H. C. Foster, Mr.Clay Sutherland, Mr. C. B. Mitchell;Address, Rev. Dr. 0. R. Mangum;Music, Mt. Olivet Band; Address,Rev. J. T. Sharrard; Music, Mrs.Sutherland, Mrs. Foster, Messrs.Sutherland and Mitchell; Address,Judge Charles A. McMillan; MusicMt. Olivet Band; Closing Ode; Benediction, Rev. J. T. Sharrard.The graves of the Pythian dead inthe cemetery were decorated withflowers and Pythian and Americanflags. The exercises were largely attended. Brigadier-General James McCracken, of Newport, and two members ofhis official staff, were present, andparticipated in the exercises of theday.THE FAIRBargains For Fridayand Saturday. 'Saturday Forenoon is DoubleProfit Sharing Day, Two Blue StampsWith Every 10c Purchase.Writing Papers, 24 Sheets Paparand 24 Envelopes in a box, 9c; Handor Nail Brushes, some imperfect, 1for 5c; one pint Tin Tea Pots, 10c;Soldering Sets, complete 15c; GlaoSShelves, with Brackets, 10c; SteelParing Knives, best quality steel,10c; Japanned Candle Sticks, 5c;Garden Trowels, 5c; Floor Mops,Screen Door Springs, regular 10cquality, now 5c; White Enamelled25c Towel Bars, now 15c; MattingTacks, 2 packages for 5c; PictureFrames, life size, 16-20 regular price$1.48, reduced to 98c; White WashBrushes, good 25c value, at 15c; BlueTip Matches, 7c box for 5c; ToothPicks, flavored with spearmint, 10cvalue, at 5c; Stone Churns, all sizes,Coffee and Tea Pots, big assortment,i 9. fltid 3-miart size, worth 40. 50and 60c, slightly imperfect, yourchoice and a bargain at 25c each.WALL PAPER.We have a fed odd lots, perfectlygood, but in broken quantities, justenough for one room, which we areanxious to close out at a price thatyou will appreciate.THE FAIRFRANK & COMPANYTHE RELIABLE STORE'Now ShowingNewestSummer StylesinWash Skirts and WaistsWash Smocks and MiddiesLawn and Gingham Dresses .M5nfc-jEXTRA SPECIALLadies9 Wool SuitsIN ALL LIGHT SHADES$10 and $15Black and Blue Serge Suits Are Offeredat Big Price Reductions.j.- fHalf Price SaleOf All Silk Suits '$45.00 Suits $22:50$35.00 Suits 17.50$30.00 Suits 15.00$25,00 Suits.... 12.50PICTORIAL REVIEW PATTERNSFRANK & COMPANYBARN BURNED.During the progress of a stormwhich prevailed early Friday mornine the biff barn on the farm of Mr.Rmrene Graff ff. on the Ruddles Millpike between Ruddles Mills and Cynthiana was struck by lightning andburned to the ground. A "horse anda bigilot of feed and farming implements were destroyed. Loss partlycovered by insurance.IS Wl PS 'RESIGNS AS CASHIER.Mr. Bennett Bean has resignedhis position as State Agent for thePennsylvania Fire Insurance Company, having resigned nis pusmuuas Cashier of the North Middletownnpnosit Bank. He will be succeededby Mr. John W. Young as cashier.1D. A. S. MEBTIlfChThe regular meeting of RichardHawee Chaf ter, D. A. R., will beheld Wetmeetay afteraoon at 2:106' clock, at' the hone of Mn, Thoe.Henry Clay, Sr., on Pleasant street.1Dance-lovers ) MGet a Victrola V jjWAand a dozen M I fJ-jMVictor Records "mSon our easy pay- H 2ment plan and Vl) Zyou'll be able to Kj . ' l"dance whenever BT I y Yyou wish and 1 J" -I to the best mu- - MffSLr4WIsic in the world. lilHdEVictrola. $13 U $400 BfflfiflB '"-t 1KaltexPorch Furniture!You Wish YOUR PORCH to Look the BEST. KALTEXFURNITURE Will Accomplish This For You.We have at last received this line of Chairs and Swings in the beautifulBaronial Brown. Every piece is practically indestructible, as every one is built onwire and the joints reinforced with steel braces. We show you one pattern here,but have many in stock to show you.Porch and Lawn Swings, RefrigeratorsI'w I'M jy1 sjn xSy "i i?Hc1 -JVudor Porch Shades are the Best!Daugherty. Bros.!THEJ.T.HINTONCO.MOTOR HEARSE"CITHCRPMONE" 36MOTOR INVALID COACHUNDERTAKING.SIXTH AND MANT.t" sai-v. -4.- VTHE BOURNiaW PARIS, KY; ;TUESDAY; JUNK 1M$17.,-IflrnFOB, YOUB SCRAP BOOK.THE FLAG..We who in the old days the easydays of pleasureloitered in the distant lands weknow the thrill that came.When in far foreign places, abovethe stranger faces,The sight of it, the might of it would- take us like a flame.Our own flag, the one flag, it stirredour blood to claim.'.We who in these new days thesedays of confusionlook upon it with the eyes of men, long blind who seesWe know at least its beauty, its mag-t nitude of dutyDear God! If thus it seems to uswhat will it mean to those whoStay for it, who pray for it,our kindred over seas."These who face the red days the-, white nights of fury' Where death like some madReaper hacks down the living' grain.They shall see our flag arise like aglory in the skiess The stars of it, The bars of it,prove it once againThe new flag the true flag, thatdoes not come in vain!Theodosia Garrison.THE EVILS OF CONSTIPATION.Constipation is one of the mainreasons why the average human lifeis below 40 years. Leaving wastematerial in the body, poiFons the system and blood and makes us liable toeick headaches, biliousness, nervousness and muddy skin. When younote these symptoms, try Dr. King'sNew Life Pills. They give promptrelief, are mild, non-griping in action, add tone to your system andclear the complexion. At yourdrug-'gist, 25c.(adv-june)KENTUCKY TRACTION& TERMINAL COMPANYInterurban Schedule.CARS LEAVE" lt:fi p. m. ll:00p. m.Paris Lexingtonfor forLexington ParisC:45 a. m. 6:00 a. m.7:30 a. m. 7:20 a. m.8:lS"a? mV 8:00 a. m.9:00 a. m . 8:50 a. xn.9;45 a. m. 10:20 a. m.11:15 m'. 11:50 a. ml12:46 p. m. 1:20 p. m.2:15 p. m. 2:50 p'. ni.3:45 p. m. 3:30 p. zn.4:3' p. m. 4:20 p. m.6&l.p. m. 6:00 p. m.C:06 T. nr. 6:00 p. m.C;S0 p. m. 7:20 p. zn.1:16 p. m. 9:10 p. .$1.50TOCincinnatiand RitiirhOttSpselaJ Sunday Excursion onSunday, June 24thriSpecial train leiverPSiTS':" a. m.f arriving in Cincinnati at10:S0 a. m.Returning leaves Cincinnati. (4th Street Station) at 7 p. m.s W. V. SHAW, AgentW. R. CLINKENBEARD, T. A.tKUBY GLOSSFurniture PolishWORLD'S BESTDUSTS, CLEAXS,POLISHESTour Furniture.. Piano, Woodwork,Automobile, Jrlnlsh-ed Floor?, and allYarni&hed Surfaces.Clear, pure anttfree from any gum.Will not gatherdust; as it gives ahard. dry. brightfrloes; & brighterustre, than wax and.easier to use.FOR FLOORS USESCWQ,II 111kLlHBvi IBvXvJ Bm!i ir k a.t T ire em-?ttZJEH S3'LrIMS. fi Hftrrwico.(Afrit 17-tf-T) -FROCKS OF NETORSUMMERORGANDY, BATISTE AND CREPEALSO COMBINE WITH NET.THE NEW MILITARY CAPE COATNEW YORK, June 18, 1917.The days are fast approachingwhen nothing but the sheerest" offrocks will satisfy our demands forsomething cool and airy to temperthe hot spells of summer. Prom thenumber of net and lace frocks thatare presented for the summer season,it would seem that Fashion has foreseen these demands.In a measure, the revival of lacesis due to the war, since the lacemaking industries are being encouraged in Europe to give wrk to th?widowed women and girls. This, naturally, applies to the more expensivelaces, but there will be laces of allA Cool, Summery Dress TrimmedWith Felt Lacegrades used for summer frocks.Cream, ecru and whie laces andnets are received with equal enthusiasm. Over pale-colored slips ofChina silk or over the same net, thesedresses are most fascinating. Verypale pink is particularly charmingunder cream or ecru, which is one ofthe combinations most frequentlyseen.The all-white net dresses trimmedwith batiste embroidery banding arealso very delightful, but this is onlyone of the many combinations used.There are many frocks of net inwhich organdy "plays an importantpart. Some of these are made inapron effect with embroidered organdy forming the long apron whichsometimes extends considerably below the knees. The apron style isnow very much in vogue rid is decidedly attractive in laces and. sheermaterials. In some of the variations,it is moretiike a long, loose panelthan an apron. vGeorgette crepe is another material which combines very successfully with ne. In many of these sheerf rocks, t ribbons of any, .color ,thewearec niay faricy are arranged onthe foundation to add a touch ofbright color to the costume. Inoffier models; trte" cdl'di n6te is supjfpiled" by embTdide'ry, usually in ttiesoftest colore to .carrr outf the delicate b'eauiy of ttiese dresses.The mdefinite WartlikeThe tendency, to do away with athoroughly denned waistline is stillprominent in the new slyfes, and thisfeature persists" while the texture ofthe dress is being changed from theheavier materials of spring to thesheer cottons and nets of summer.The long, unbroken lines are noticedhave found so becoming are noticedin the dress of net trimmed with filetlace shown in the sketch.The tunic again holds sway. Butthe present tunic differs somewhatfrom those of former days. The newdresses in tunic effect hang straightfrom the shoulders. The foundationover which a tunic dress is worn,generally hasU pleated or gatheredsection extending T)elow the tunic.In the case of the model illustrated,pleafe accentuate the straight lines,which- is also pleated, tends to breakany suggestion of monotony.Apart from the use of lace and netin making entire dresses, in smallproportions we find them used eithertogether or independently in manycostumes. Large jabots of nt or lacewith high collars areworn with tailored suits, the jabot spreading itserfover the front of the coat and lightening up the dark suits.The Cape-CoatA very popular wrap far summeris the cape-coat, some varieties ofwkich are made without back orsfeeves. The cape U usually the samelength as the coat though sometimesit is, loaf r. These capes are seent? erywiftre, and th hwrteiWe jftry-blue serge or gabardine iusually thelit frl ft &: : I!4material chosen for them. It is inthe linings that there is a chancefor variety. Some of the cape&arelined with white or cream cloth, andothers with silk of the same color asthe cape of a brightly contrastingshade. Navy blue foulard with thec f foiOi if halln i !'!! i' I rJTThe Military Cape-Coat is HighlyPopularlarge white polka dots v.hich hasbeen so much in evidence since thespring is very frequently employedfor the linings and collars. The collars are large in most cases. In somemodels they are gathered in frontand are very pretty in solt, stripedor plaid silk. In satin or heavy silkpoplin these wraps are ideal for summer use.A great unmber of military capesand coats, which may be taken as asign of the times, are also to benoted at present. Gold buttons andbraid, and high collars buttonedstraight up to the neck are some ofthe indications of the military strain.State of Ohio, City of Toledo.Lucas County, ss.Prank J. Cheney makes oath thathe is senior partner of the firm of F.J. Cheney & Co., doing business Inthe City of Toledo, County and Stateaforesaid, arid that' aldl firm willpay the sum of ONE HUNDREDDOLLARS for each and every case ofCatarrh that cannot be cured by theuse of HALL'S CATARRH MEDICINE. FRANK J. CHENEY.Sworn to before me and subscribedin my presence, this 6th day of December, A. D., 1886.A. W. GLEASON,(Seal) Notary Public.Hall's Catarrh Medicine is takeninternally and acts through the bloodon the Mucous Surfaces of the system. Send for testimonials, free.F. J. CHENEY & CO., Toledo, O.Sold by all druggists, 75c.Hall's Family Pills for constipation. .-' " (adv-june)EFECT OF WAR ON WOMEN.Women, according to legend andromance, become diirfng war thesa'intly samafitah who ministers toheroes' wounds. But ac$)rdiifg to areport made to the London City Mission, woman is reajly demorailzedbythe tosspot her protector aft cf companion. Women carVJWng in pub'ilchouses, drunk and vile of speech,have now become a common sight inthe poorer quarters of London. Theadministrators of the patriotic fundin Canada have also found that greatsocial' disorganization follows theleaving of women alone, at the mercyof landlords and others upon whomthey are dependent in financialstraits.CHOLERA MORBUS.This is a very painful and dangerous disease. In almost everyneighborhood someone has died fromit before medicine could be obtainedor a physician summoned. The rightway Is to have a bottle of Chamberlain's Colic and Diarrhoea Remedyin the house so as to be preparedfor it. Mrs. Charles Bnyeart, Huntington, Ind., writes: "During thesummer of 1911 two of my childrenwere taken sick with cholera morbus. I used Chamberlian's Colic andDiarrhoea Remedy and It gave themimmediate relief."(adv-june)WHY BIRDS SING.The theory advanced by Darwinthat the singing of birds Is merelya sexual characteristic, and thattheir power of song has been developed because only the besft singerswere propa'gatetf, is no longer acbepted by naturalists. Thus Henry oldysholds that birdk are really irtovedby a love of music similar to thatexperienced by human beings. Insupport of? this contentiomhercitei hefact that' birds will sfnWlIen lUppyand be quiet when unhappy and4 that8lner of their own Ifnd.Canaries are trained by other 4ia-are often worth lrr anitncT - " - "SCHOOL TEACHERREGAINS HEALTHWas Able to Resume Her WorkAfter Tanlac Built Her Up,SHE GAINED IN WEIGHT, TOOMrs. Pauling Rees Hoydon, a schoolteacher of Gratz, Owen County, Ky.,recently had to stop teaching. Herhealth had failed. She was worried.Finally she tried Tanlac. After an experience of a personal test she tellsthis story:"For several months I had troublewith my stomach. I lost my appetitecompletely. "What little I ate causedgas. Lack of sufficient nourishmentcaused me to become verj nervous."I never hud much faith in proprietary medicines. I had no faith whatever in Tanlac before I tried it. However, I read so many .statements frompeople who had taken it that I was ledto try It."I was agreeably surprised. Tanlacgave me a splendid appetite. I gaineda few pounds in weight, and then Inoticed that my nerves were stronger.In a short time after I began the useof Tanlac I resumed my school teaching. "I think Tanlac is a good medicine,especially for nervousness and stomach disorders. It helped me more thananything else, and I am confident itwill help others, too."Tanlac can now be bought herefrom Varden & Son.AIR CRAFT GUNS FOE SHIPS.The ordinary guns on a battleship are of no value in fighting theairship and the latter is likely totake an active part in the warfare ofthe future, special guns must be used.It is believed that new guns as havebeen installed for a test upon theUnited States battleship Texas, willenable it to offer the aeronadtic enemy a stiff flg"ht. The new -gun is athree-inch caliber so mounted as' tobe trained at any desired angle. Itis supplemented by a powerfii1searchlight enabling the man on duty to locate the enemy in the skyand the gunners to adjust their fire.NEVEE NEGLECT A COLD .A chill after bathing, cooling offsuddenly after exercise ojid drafts,give the cold germs a foot-hold thatmay lead to something worse. Safetyrequires early treatment. Keep Dr.King's New Discovery on hand.This pleasant balsam remedy allayginflamation, soothes the cough andrepairs the tissues. Better be safethan sorry. Break up the cold withDr. King's New Discovery before it istoo late. At your druggist, 50c,$1.00.VALUE OF SANITORIA FOR TUBEECULOSIS. The value of sanatoria for tuberculosis patients has been showneverywhere, but nowhere more gratifyingly than in Massachusetts, wherethe best results have been obtained,a large number of patients beingable to return to work and earngood salaries. As an investment thebuilding of these sanatoria and theiroperation has proved a valuable oneto the State and proved that everycity and county should have oneavailable. I? woW ti&T ttiS IfeSf Dossible expenditure of money and re-Riilf. in tho Ravine rt mativ ncjpfnl-- -r--" ., rr- ----lives. Tne Jtentucicy Boara or Tuberculosis Commissioners urges thebuilding of sanatoria and hopes tosee the State build one or more capable of taking care of the more orless dependent and selected cases.CLIP THIS ATD PIN ON WIFE'SDRESSER.Cincinnati Man Tells How to ShrivelUp Corns or Callouses So TheyLift Off With Fingers.Ouch !?!?!! This kind of roughtalk will be heard less here in townif people troubled with corns willfollow the simple advice o fthis Cincinnati authority, who claims that afew drops of drug called Freezonewhen applied to a tender, aching, cornor hardened callous stops soreness atonce, and soon the corn or callousdries up and lifts right off withoutpain.He says Freezone dries immediatelyand never inflames or even irritatesthe surrounding skin. A small bottle of Freezone will cost jery littleat any drug store, but will positivelylemove every hard or soft corn orcallous from one's feet. Millions ofAmerican women will welcome thisannouncement since the inauguration of the high heels. If your druggist doesn't have Freezone tell him toorder a small bottle for you.(adv)Right noy the sweetest bird songis that "made 'by" tneVfittle Bourboncounty hen as she comes from Tierneet and announcer that- unto us anegg has-been given; unto us a future fried chicken is born:.N. -JIf we recall aright, it was Mark,Twlinwho said "that "damit" in Qer1-'tnnummimmnmniiimiiiiiiininiSPECIAL!Ladies' Black Kid, White WashableKid TopLadies' Brown Kid, White WashableKid Top$515Regular $8.00 ValuesWe have about 30 pairs of bothX which we are closinj? out. Comef while we have your sizeil HARRYiyv4vitiiumi 1 1 ttrThese are the Days ofy, Savings in Women's ApparelxjyLj-r,Let' Ladies' Silkn tome in anaAil ,'jN-V Iues for your money and you will be morethan pleased.Wt Have a Large Number of Ladies' andMisses' Hats That We are Ctoslng Out at$1.49Buy now, for you have a better chance topick the one you like.twin Bro$. Department StoreSmtftl) Mft mir$tiSPECIALSFOR A FEW DAYS!We Are Offering Real Bargains InMEN'S SUITSSee the values, which' are on display in our windows:$10.00, $12.50, $15.00You'll' save from $2.50 to IS.00.Be Sure and Buy Some of the SrtlrtiWei Are Selling For95 CentsThey are $1.50 Values.TWINClothing and Shoe Dept.Bourbon Building ScLoan AssociationFIRST NAT'L BANK BUILDINGIN REAR OF BANKEntrance on Fourth StreetProfessional Cards.DR. WM. KENNEYEye, Ear, Nose and Throat.ROOMS 403-404.FIRST NAT'L BANK BUILDING.PHONE 131.VfrVi; GRAN NANAttorney-af-LnwROOMS 401-402.FIRST NAT'L BANK BUILDINGPILES!I1- AaainVteevfevriu - APILEST PILES!wiTimr tAJt m oTNBrrZtt?zz3anz?tiFmikt J lii IzLINVILLEsUs Prove ItDresses at a Reduced Price.let us snow vou some real vai-Pari, KentuckyBROS.L. Wollstein, PropTry a Package ofDarling'sMeatCrispsFor Your Little ChickensIt is -Just the Thing.For Sale byW. G. D0DSON"-.lui ai P'.n mm.Mhi-- " - .----..I ' V M- -n, . .1 M-- ViTUESDAY, JUNE 19, 1817.WOHDERS OF WHELESS TELEGRAPHY AHD TELEPHONE '"Developments of wireless telegraphy are proceeding with great rapidity, and no man can predict whatstartling discoveries and applicationsmay appear in the near future. WeIvnow of no more promising field ofexploration."Already privacy of communicationhas been secured by wireless transmitters and receivers 'tuned,' so tovpeak, to respond to electrical vibrations of certain ferquencies alone.They are sensative only to electricalimpulses of definite wave length. Theprinciple of symapthetic vibrationsoperating tuned wireless receivershas also been applied to the controlof machinery from a distance and thesteering 01 Doais witnout a manaboard. The possibilities of development in this direction are practicallyillimitable, and we shall probably beable to perform at a distance by wireloss almost any mechanical operationthat can he done at hand."Still more recently wireless telegraphy as given birth to another art,and wireless telephony has appearedOnly a short time ago a man in Arlington, Va., at the wireless stationthere, talked by word of mouth to aman on the Eiffel Tower in Paris,France. Not only that, but a man inHonolulu overheard the conversation.The distance from Honolulu to theEiffel Tower must be 8,000 miles atleast one-third the distance aroundthe globe and this achievementurely foreshadows the time when wemay be able to talk with a man inany part of the world by telephone;vnd without wires."CROUP, WHOOPINGCOUGH RELIEVED.Children's diseases demand preparedness. When he child wakesyou at night gasping and stranglingfor breath, how thankful you are tohave Dr. Bell's Pine-Tar-Honey athand. This effective remedy loosensthe mucous and permits free and natural breathing. Its soothing balsamsheal the irritated membrane and arrests further inflamation. Pleasantto take. Keep Dr. Bell's Pine-Tar-Honeyin the house for all colds andbronchial troubles. At your druggist, 25c.I ad v-June)The principal difference between aballoon and the high cost of livingh that a balloon comes down.TIiprp flrp rprtainlv nnhannv timesfcr the Kaiser. He doesn't knowwhen he goes to sleep atnight'whether or not his crown will behanging on the head of the bed when Jhe gets up in the morning.ProtectYour EyesFrom the heat and dust withour Goggles and Shades!We have a complete assortment. Don't triflewith your eyesight Itis the most valuablegift of nature. JFor firstclass service, see usWe Fit WhtreOthers FailFRYE & FRANKLINDOCTORS OF OPTOMETRY"Dow Bldg., opp. Windsor HotelMflRGOLEN'SSPECIALS 15 WEEKSpring LambBeef,PorkandVealAll Meats, Fruit and Vegetables kept in sanitary refrigerators counters andwindows free from dustand flies.MflRGOLEN'SSaiiUry Meat MarketDON'T LOSE YOUR HEAD.In every crjcc&d there is alwayssomebody who is ready to yell "fire."Then the panic starts. When orderis restored everybody wonders whyeverybody else lost their head.When President Wilson issued hisJwar proclamation and called uponthe people of the United States toconserve their resources for- thestruggle ahead, he did not mean thatthey should stop spending money.He did mean that usless expendituresshould stop but that was nothingnew. Business consists of buyingand selling. Certain kinds of business are fundamental. The buildingbusiness is one of them.There need be no curtailment inbuilding or road construction. Letboth public and private useful building construction proceed. Production and handling of business materials and public and private construction work are fundamental industries of the country. Any tendency to suspend or postpone buildingprojects is inconsistent with maintaining our prosperity. The countryis prosperous. Building investorsshould encourage the continuance oftheir plans. Railroads should spareno effort to -supply the building industiy with the cars needed to transport materials. Government, State,county and municipal authoritiesshould encoprage the continuance ofall kinds of buildings. Road andstreet improvements in particularshould go no unabated, Bad. roadgand streets are factors of first importance in the present high cost offoodstuffs. Never before was the improvement of highways so essential.The lumber, brick, cement, lime,sand, gravel, stone and other buildingmaterials industries are basic.Neither Government regulations norrailroad restrictions should be imposed unnecessarily to interferewith them. If any action is takenwhich results in the prostration ofso fundamentally important industries there is real danger of a surplus of unemployed labor, a surplusof railroad cars and a crippling ofbusiness that will seriously embarrass the Government in financing thewar.CANDIDATES WARNED OF NEW"CORRUPT PRACTICE ACT."It is highly important for candidatesfor office in Kentucky to familiarizethemselves with the provisions of the"Corrupt Practice Act," passed by thoLegislature of 1916.It is compulsory that each candl-datefile with the County Clerk orproper official an Itemized statementof expenses incurred during his campaign, such as printing, stationery,stamps, stenographers, rent for publichalls for speaking, and all other expenses incurred pertaining to his elec:tion. Such papers must he filed fifteen days before the primary, and alsofifteen days before the regular election. The penalty for failing to complywith this law, is a fine in any sum notto exceed ?5,000, or to be confined inthe county jail not to exceed sixmonths, or both.The BOURBON NEWS has been appointed as agent in Bourbon countyto handle and sell the Thomas Kentucky Election Forms, which areused for this purpose. With theseforms It Is no trouble to keep an accurate account of expenditures, etc.These forms are reserved and protected by law by the Cadiz Record, ofCadiz, Ky.All candidates are required to makethese statements, and the easiest andbest way is to purchase one of theseforms now. The price Is ?l.&0. comeIn and see one, and give us your order.We have samples to show, but "willhave to send in orders to Cadiz forstock. We are going to send in anorder next week. Let yours come withthe rest.THE BOURBON NEWS,(tf) Paris, Ky.RAILWAY SNOW FENCEAn apparatus to keep snow fromdrifting on the railrod track hasbeen invented by a Minnesota physician who lost a patient last year because he was snowbound. It is anew form of snow fence, consistingof a number of transverse planks soarranged as to defect air currentsclose to the ground, thus causingthe wind to sweep low through therailroad cut, cleaning the track ofsnow instead of piling it in a driftcross the track. A few sections ofthis fence erected at points wheredrifts occur, would cost far less thanthe delay of a single snowboundtrain, and a number of demonstrations have proven the practicabilityof the invention.METAL SHORTAGE OF WAR ZONEThe need or metal in Austria hasbecome so great that a house-to-housecanvass is being made for articlesof copper, brass, bronze, nickel andtin, and they must be promptly surrendered. Grocers must give upweights, weighing more than onepound, from their scales. Housewives turn over their brass curtainpoles and ornaments and their cherished copper kettle. A moderateprice is paid if desired, but citizensare vieing with each other In donating" their property to the country.A hew regulation has recently goneout withdrawing all nickel coinsfrom circulation and providing for"the issuing of 'iron coins as substi-tMUft. -iHE B6tifcB6N-tfESS,PUBLISHERS -INVOKED AGAINSTEREE ADS." .Newspapers were urged by LouisWiley, business manager of the NewYork Times, in an address he delivered before the annual convention ofthe Associated Advertising Clubs ofthe World at St. Louis, to "drawclose in one compact front againstthe common foe." This foe to theprosperity of newspapers, IUr. Wileypointed out, as seekers of free publicity. To rout this enemy of publishers, Mr. Wiley said, there was needednot only determination but a unitedfront. It could not be achieved ifeach publisher pursued a private purpose. Free publicity, he declared, is illegal, forbidden by a United Statesstatute which requires that readingmatter for which money is paid shallbe plainly marked as an advertisement. Besides, he declared, it was adeception upon the readers of thenewspaper."Every newspaper reader," he continued, "has a right to expect thatthe articles printed in the news columns shall be generally news. Theprinting of advertisements, puffs,statements which are not news underthe guise of news, unless they arelabeled as advertisements, as required by law, is deceit. Newspaperswhich practice imposition of thiskind always are punished. Both advertisers and readers lose confledencein and gradually desert such publications,"In almost every sphere of activity,there is a press agent whose duty itis to take newspaper" managers unaware. Advertising is disguised asnews to trap the guileless editor."The best rule for an editor is totreat news as news. If a thing hasnews value it should be printed,whether or not it helps the advertiser, but it should never be printedas news simply because it helps theadvertiser. The mere fact that anadvertiser has some connection withthe news should not hinder its publication. "There are cases," said Mr. Wiley,"in which advertisers had threatenedto withhold paid advertising unlessfree publicity was given. Weak-mindedpublishers had submitted to thissort of 'blackmail,' but," he added,"no self-respecting newspaper manwill allow an advertiser to dictatewhat he shall or shall not print andhe certainly will defy any impertinent individual who threatens loss ofpatronage unless favors are granted."The public, Mr. Wiley said, has nouse for the paid "write-up" and lessrespect for the newspaper that publishes it and the misguided publisherwho prostitutes his news columns tosecure advertising constantly findshimself in hot water.The American Newspaper Publishers' Association, said Mr. Wiley, isconducting a campaign against the"malefactors of great and devious industry among the advertising agentswho try to utilize the news columnsfor free advertising." The Bureau ofAdvertising of that association hadfound that the giving of free publicity is a menace to the further development of advertising. "Thefact that so many publishers are stillgiving away their news space to matters that should be exploited thouguhpaid advertising has hampered thobureau in its work of developingnewspaper advertising," he asserted."The Committee in charge of thoBureau of Advertising suggested theadoption of a plan to bring aboutagreements between publishers inevery city putting up the barsagainst free publicity. Communityagreements of this sort seem advisable. Every one admits that inthis respect it is time that the newspapers reform themselves."EVERY MAN MUST DENY HIMSELF 105 LOAVES.It was calculated, roughly, by astatistician in Chicago that to makeup the deficiency in the wheat cropevery person in the United Stateswould have to deny himself 105loaves of bread. The calculation wasinspired by the campaign of the Department of Agriculture for decreasing the use of wheat flour and usingmore corn and hominy.The present and prospective deficiency in wheat as compared with theaverage of five years is 189,000,000bushels. It requires . approximatelyfour and one-half bushels to make a196 pound barrel of patent flour. Itproduces 290 one pound loaves.A Delicious Cup of Tea.If you want to keep your friendguessing get from your druggist aneighth of a pound of dried orange blossoms (they are very expensive) sinfsteep two or three to a cupful alon;with your tee leaves. Omit swrnilemon or cream, as either cloys tludelicate flavor of the orange uiuR Bsure, you get them strictly fresh amfrom a receptacle tightly covered ankeep them air tight yourself. Th:novel idea was introduced into smmstudios by a clever Frenchwoman anproved very popular.Ballot and Suffrage."Ballot and "suffrage" show thauguage perpetuates the memory cl.rimltlve methods. A "ballot" sbouhe a vote taken with balls--ont of tharioua ancient Greek instruments oecret voting. And the word "sulrage," which by some is derived frorsuffrago," a knucklebone" or nWfone, in that case recalls am irloethed of recording the votf. ""PARIS, K7- n , - Jrl"'r'GO AIJER THESPEEDE1S.There is-a'law in the citv of Pariswhich limits the speed of automo-ones to ten miles an hour, but thisfact is reyealedonly by an examination of the city ordinances.Certainly it is not reflected by themanner In which some of the automobllists race through the principalstreets of the city. That there hasnever been a very serious accident onthe streets of Paris, that we can recall, is due to the merciful intervention and protection of a power higherthan the city or county officials, andrather than because of any care orrespect for the law upon the part-ofthe reckless or careless drivers ofthese offending machines.It is true that in many instancesfatalities have been narrowly averted, and while this may be ascribedto "luck," it is not the kind of"luck" that always continues. It is"luck" for the driver who escapes adeadly collision or who gets out of awell-merited prosecution and conviction for his criminal carelessness,but it was "bad luck" for the unfortunate who happened to get hurt ornearly scared out of his or her witsin the accident.There is no benefiit in locking thedoor after the horse is gone, and human life cannot be restored, or anirreparable injury healed by an overdose of care after the near-fatal accident has occurred. To quote another well-known adage, "An ounceof prevention is worth a pound ofcure," and the motorists of Paris hadbetter confine themselves to a reasonable margin over the ten-mile limitnow than to give themselves anoverdose of precaution when it is toolate to save the vctim from beingmaimed or killed.One human life is worth all theautomobiles in Bourbon county, andthe automobile laws designed to safeguard human life are as much deserving of respect as tho statutesagainst murder or manslaughter.A prosecution of some of thesespeeders in the Paris courts before itis too late is what should be doneto teach them a wholesome respectfor the law. It is done elsewhere.What is the matter here?EVADERS OF DRAFT TO BE ARRESTED. Orders for the arrest of every manbetween the ages of 21 and 31, inclusive, who, after 9 o'clock Mondaynight, cannot show a certificate ofregistation for war service, has beenissued by Provost Marshal GeneralCrowder. He sent a request to theGovernors of all the States askingthem to "inaugurate a vigorous, aggressive and effective enforcementof the selective service law againstall who have by their failure to register brought themselves under thoseprovisions.The penalty for failure to registeron June 5 is imprisonment for a year,and enforced registration, but General Crowder immediately after registration day- recommended thatlocal registration boards offer further opportunity for delinquents.The department of justice notifiedUnited States attorneys to releasethose already arrested for failure toregister, providing they have nowregistered.General Crowder has nearly completed a draft of regulations to govern exemption and exemption boards,and expects to lay it before SecretaryBaker in a few days for approval.The General believes no class shouldbe exempted as such, but that localboards should decide on circumstances in each particular case.He favors use of some device suchas a jury wheel for drawing thoseto be examined by the exemptionboard. The regulations will be madepublic in detail after Secretary Baker and President Wilson approvethem.CHICAGO'S NEW PEER.The great municipal pier nownearing completion at Chicago extends 3,000 feet along Lake Michigan, forming the beginning of thegreat deep water way which is toconnect Chicago with the AtlanticOcean and the Gulf of Mexico, bymeans of the Great Lakes and theSt. Lawrence River. With its breakwater on eith side, the pier adds 8,500 miles to Chicago's land space.At the shore end of the pier are twolarge building, two stories high, forpassengers and freight officers. Aroadway 80 feet wide runs betweenthe buildings. At the outer end ofthe pier is a recreation section containing dance hall and other featuresfor amusement. The total cost of thestructure approximates ?3,5007000.MACHINE TO CURE DEAFNESSThe newest therapeutic machineryon record is that now being triedout in a French hospital to Testorethe .hearing of soldiers who have lostit in battle. The machine is a phonogarphic instrument which pronouncesvowels forcibly. These vowels causea vibration which acts upon the'sensitive drum of the ear like massage, overcoming its numb paralysis.A number of tests have already demonstrated the pow'er of the instrument to restore hearing to soldierswho are totally deaf. It must betried continuously for several hoursa day for two weeks it least.Now that Mr. Rockefeller hastaken $15,000,000 worth of Liberty'Bonds we feel like recommending hisgasoline to more of our Bourboncountv readers. . . '4 ' rmm 1 1 1 1 MHim nullum 1 1 nn Yi i n mn m M tITIJB DRESSESmer,McCallDesignsFor JuneI AWWI SmmI fillT McCnllT No. T7"Sratterns Waist. Skht Xn. 77r.7Many other new designsfor JuueIMcCALL PATTERNS FOR JUNENOW ON SALEMARRYIMIUHIMIlllllllMIlllfltllllltllllUHIlllMiOPPORTUNITY!Mr. R. F. Clendenin, Associate General Agent forthe Northwestern Mutual Life Insurance Company, inone day recently, sold $100,000 worth of life insuranceover local and long distance lines of the Home TelephoneCompany and because of uch an amount of businessaccumulated in one day, he divides the honors with usfor the efficient telephone service rendered. This is asplendid record for both Telephone and Insurance Companies. vMr. Clendenin says; "The service I get from yourCompany is all that I could ask, and on the closing dayof my campaign I used it with wonderful success."Such an opportunity in facilitating business shouldbe grasped by the public in general in employing co-operation,efficiency and confidence.Paris Home Telephone S Telegraph Co.(Incorporated)J. J. VEATCH, District Manager.W. H. CANNON, THOMAS K. UMITH.Local Manager. Cashier.Bourbon LaundryDWIS & FUNK, Props.Telephone No. 4.Dl- JBourbon Laundry,Paris Kentucky.An Explanation.Charlotte had been taught to say thegrace before each meal. One day shewas invited to a little friend's for dinner. - When the father and mother ofCharlotte -were seated for dinner, Braddock, a three-year-old brother, bowedhis head and said: "Amen, God, Charlotte's gone."Correct EnglishHOW TO USE IT.A MONTHLY MAGAZINE.Josephine Turck Baker, Editor.For Progressive Men. and Women,Business and Professional; Club Women, Teachers, Students, Ministers,Doctors, Lawyers, Stenographers, andfor all who wish to Speak and WriteCorrect English. Special FeatureMoith; Your Eveiy.Day Vocabulary ;.How to Enlarge It 'Sample Copy 10cSttbecriftion Price 2 a Year.EVANSTON, ILLINOIS.-"Vt, T'rAGisknttildecidedly the vogue for Sm-Shave a prominent place illThe simplicity ofMcCall Patternsfor these smartlittle Summerfrocks appeals toThe HomeDressmakerThe McCall Cutting and Construction Guide,furnished FREEwith each pattern, insures aperfect -fit tinggarment.r r ;;McCall rattcrn N'o. 7737.Uanv other attractivedesiens for JuieSIMONWest 5 StreetSatisfacfioi is OirWatchwordWith all the latest im-"provements in Jaundrrappliances and experthelpers we are preparedto do work inferior tonone, and solicit yourpatronage.CAHAL BROS.BARBER SHOPJPrompt andCourteousPatrons.Attwitltn ' tHOT Ain) COLD BATHS.OncDrppCsurfcen Poultry INsImsVen a ciclN vs"-1!A few drops la thedriukinc water curessintf prevents whitediarrhoea, cholera sa4 nthr" sk tefe-dueases. On Sfl-cent toUfetstafcM; ralkxis at medlcis. . , At ini-KfstsjM: tar still rxtRUTMWtbipuKrr book tms ca rsifcwMumMiiiUMmia 'bbbbbTV " KHIsm'.:'lI - -V-"t)1 ,..PAGE SIGHTTHE BOURBONNBWSj PARIS; KY.Tuesday, Jtnoe IS; ltlT.MILLERSBURGDEATHS.MATRIMONIAL,ys1I i-.3tProf. M. H. Davis, of New York,te the guest of Miss Lucy Jones.BATES.Miss Aleta Wilson is visitinfcfise Stella Lewis at Somerset.Regular meeting of Amity Lodge Ito-Bight. Your presence is request--efi.Miss Gene Burberry, of Centerville, is a guest of Miss Kizzie MaeMcD&niell.Mr. W. E. Collier has purchased- s handsome new five-passenger Ford, automobile.Miss Hazel Kerr left Saturday"lor a visit to her sister, Miss JessieKerr, at Maysville.Mr. Albert Prather, of Mt. OliTet, arrived Saturday as the guest of35s Nancy Whaley.Misses Lula and Frances Oney,of Lexington, are guests of their sis-- ter, Mrs. Chas. Martin.Miss Amelia Hurst left Friday,for Lexington to take a ten-day.?'days' course in the School of 'Methods. Miss Louise Myall entertained arook party Monday afternoon in- honor of Miss Kizzie May McDaniel). Mr. and Mrs. E. H. Dorain, ofMemphis, Tenn., and other relativessire at the bedside of Mr. J. G. Allen,. whose condition is very serious.Miss Lucy Jones completed hercourse in the Cincinnati School of2usic, Thursday, ancT returned homeThursday evening, .accompanied byher sister, Miss Alma Duke Jones,who was with her for a few days.Mr. J. G. Allen remains verymuch the same. Mesdames E. W..Ammerman, J. P. Redmon, Bruce5cMahan and Miss Nancy Laysonare improving.Mrs. Lillian Williams Bates,aged forty-one, a sister of Dr. J. M.! Williams, of Paris, died at her homein Louisville, last week, following acomplication of diseases which hadkept her confined to her bed fornearly five years.MARTIN.Mrs. Margaret Martin, agedforty-seven, died at seven o'clockSunday morning at her home onWest Ninth street. She was a daughter, of Mr. and Mrs. J. P. Zorn, ofClark County. The body will betaken to Wades Mills, in Clark county, where the funeral will be heldat 11:30 o'clock this morning withservices conducted by Rev. JohnChristopherson, of North Middletown. Mrs. -Martin is survived by her'husband, Mr. John Martin, onedaughter and five sons.ENOCHS PRICE.Rev. W. 0. Sadler, pastor of theParis Methodist Church, will officiate to-morrow at the wedding of Mis3Eunice Harriet Enochs and Mr. Howard O. Price, in Biloxi, Miss.The wedding will take place atten o'clock to-morrow morning. Thebride-elect is a cousin of Mrs. Sadler.Mrs. Sadler. left Sunday for Biloxi toattend the wedding. Rev. Sadler hasbeen there several days on a visit.EPWORTH LEAGUE PROGRAM.TheNinth Annual Assembly of tkaEpworth League, Kentucky Confernece, will be held in Shelbyville,June 25 and 29,, inclusive. Mr.Dennis V. Snapp, of Paris, Secretary,has just completed and issued theofficial program, which, comprisessome interesting topics.The following will represent theParis branch of the League at themeeting: Secretary D. V. Snapp,Misses Sarah Power, Mabel Galfoway, and Vella Mastin and Mr. Finnell Galloway. .Rev. O. B. Crockett,HOWARD CLAY.Mr. Brutus J. Clay, of Escondida,and Miss Jennie Howard, of Paris,were married in Covington, Saturdayevening at the home of the bride'ssister, Mrs. Taylor Chandler. Theysecured marriagjj license from CountyClerk Pearcc 3aton, Saturday afternoon. The groom is a well-known youngfarmer of the Escondida vicinity.The bride is a sister of Mr LoganHoward, of Paris, and has for anumber of years been a member ofthe Paris High School faculty. Mr.and Mrs. Clay will reside on thegroom's farm near Paris.RELIGIOUS.Rev. J. L. Clark, former pastorof the Paris Methodist church, andnow President of the KentuckyWesleyan College, at Winchester,preached excellent sermons at thelocal church Sunday, in the absence of the pastor, Rev. W. O. Sadler, who is visiting relatives inBiloxi, Miss.Before the close of the special'meeting of Ebenezer Presbytery,South, in Maysville, recently, Rev. J.J. Rice, of Paris, and Rev. SidneyVenable, of Millersburg, were ordained as ministers of the Presbyterianchurch. Rev. Rice will have chargeof the Paris church. Rev. Venable,who is a son of Rev. A. S. Venable,pastor of the Millersburg church, willprobably engage in missionary workin the Kentucky mountains.fe" to ?Siformer pastor of the Paris MethodistMrs. R. M. Caldwell church, now located in Shelbyville,is able to be up and about the hous.iThe following teachers are atboaie for the summer: Misses Vir-.giuia Hutchcraft, of Sandersville,Ga.f Mary Bruce Redd, BlackstoneCo)Iege. Blackstone. Va., and Nancy"Wesley, of the Graded School, at3LOBisvilIe.Mr. Charle? Carrington, of Ravenna, Ky.. arrived Saturday as theguest of his fcride-to-be, Miss Kizzie-Mae McDaniell. The wedding willtake place at 5 p. me. Wcdnesdaj', atthe Methodist ehunwill be pastor-host to the delegatesand visitors.to to 153REMEMBER RED CROSS WEEK.President Wilson has proclaimedthe week ending June 25 as Re.lCross Week, '"during which the people of the United States will be calledupon to give generously, and in aspirit of patriotic sacrifice, for thesupport and maintenance of thiswork of National need." Will Bour-All friends of Don be ready?to to toPARIS MAN .ELECTED .HEAD OPUNDERTAKERS.the contracting parties are cordiallyinvited to be present., Miss Mayme Dee Long andnieces, Miss Mildred Louise Collier,nave reuirnea rrom a two-weeks At the meeting of the Kentuckyvisit to Dr. ana, Airs. loyu long, cl , Funerai Directors' Association heldNorthwestern University at Chicago. J in LoUisvillef last week, Mr. Wm. O.They were accompanied by Dr. Longand family, who will spend the summer here with his father, Mr. J. It.Long.Our town was visited by a recruiting officer Saturday, who deliv-s- .ered two stirring addresses on the J 11-15.corner in front of the FarmersBank, in the afternoon and evening.He stirred considerable interest here,and awakened our people to a true;Hinton, of the J. T. Hinton Co.,Paris, was elected president. Mr.Hinton was also elected as a delegateto the National Convention of theFuneral Directors' Association to beheld in Jacksonville, Fla., OctoberJ fc teTEACHERS' EXAMINATION.The following young women tookconception of the situation that now the examination for teachers' countyconfronts us and received several and State certificates at" the office 'ofvolunteers. j Miss Mabel Robbins, County Super-4 The fourth annual Chautauqua ' intendent of Schools in the courtof Millersburg will open here Sun-j house Friday and Saturday: Juliaday, July 1. The first afternoon pro-. Calnan, Minnie Kiser, Cordelia Oder.gram will be opened by Hon. William Amelia Rummans, Maude Taylor andJennings Bryan. Let everybody s-1 Christine Thomason.cure their tickets at once, as an ' to to to.-fc....ft ... v rti rr ic? A'nnntrwl frt f ll r: f 'UtCi 1IU JllUCl-IIif-, JO CJdL;U iVJl lilt.'.day. It will be a brilliant send-offWELCH SHEA.The wedding of Mr. JamesShea, of Parts, to Miss Agnes Welch,of Lexington, will be solemnized atSt. Peter's church, in Lexington, thismorning. Rev. Father William T.Punch will be the officiating minister. Mr. Robert Shea, of Paris, brotherof the groom-elect, and Mr. RichardL. Welch, of Lexington, brother ofthe bride-elect, will be ushers andonly attendants. After a short bridal trip the couple will return toParis and go to housekeeping.and ought to procure a splendid audience for each day, and we guarantee them a splendid program. Seenex issue for the complete program.Mrs. Clara Shanks left Sunday-for. a visit to her daughter, Mrs."Robert Stockley, at Cynthiana.REAL ESTATE DEAL.Mr. Charles N. Peddicord sold yesterday to Mr. Martin O'Neill, the vacant lot in the rear of his place ofbusiness, on Pleasant street, for $1,500. The lot is 109x39 feet, and recently used by J. S. Wilson & Bro. asa coal yard.ill I k ftllim fmsMmmHL3X I rwSMmiiiHm V wfiUMm : : : m IWBmmn ml V INi ;Others Like ItYou WillLet the big paintbuyers help you decide. Hundreds ofbig manufacturersuseSherwin-WilliamsPAINTS & VARNISHESbecause they know thequali tyhas been provedthat these productsmeet every condition.The "Cover the Earth"label stands for quality,durability and coveringpower. It is your protection in buying paint.DURHAM HUMPHREY.The marriage or Mrs. Eva D.Durham, of Nicholas county, to Rev.C. M. Humphrey, of the same county,was solemnized at the Hutchison parjsonage, this county, Friday afternoon, the Rev. J. J. Dickey, brotherof the bride, officiating.The bridegroom came up fromMoorefleld, accompanied by hisdaughter, Mrs. Jennie Cochran, Mr.J. B. Durham, son of the bride, hiswife and two sons. After the ceremony the party returned to the parsonage at Moorefleld, where thsbridegroom is pastor.The Rev. Humphrey is a member cfthe Kentucky Conference of thsMethodist church and is well and faforably known throughout this section of the country. Mrs. Durhamhas lived in or near Moorefleld thegreater part 'of her life, is wellknown in missionary and W. C. T. U.work, having been active in thesefields of labor for many years.:nANNA SNAPP.The marriage of Dr. Elbridg2Snapp. son of Mrs. Alice Snapp, ofthis city, and Miss Ethel CollinsHanna, daughter of Mr. and Mrs. W.K. Hanna, of Cynthiana, was solemn-ized at four o'clock yesterday afternoon at the home of the bride's sister. Miss Edith K. Hanna, on Woodland avenue, in Lexington. Theceremony was performed by Rev. Dr.T. C. Ecton.The ceremony was witnessed byonly the members of the two families. Miss Edith Hanna, sister ofthe bride, was the maid of honor,and Dr. Milton J. Stern, of Paris, wasthe best man.The groom js one of Paris' mostestimable young business men.whohas recently become associated in thedrug business in this city with Dr.W. T. Brooks. He is a brother of Mr.Dennis V. Snapp, of the KentuckianCitizen. His bride is a handsomeyoung woman, who has been a train-ed nurse in various institutions, andfor some time on special duty at thaMassie Memorial Hospital, in thiscity.After the wedding the young people left for a bridal tour "somewhere," and upon their return willgo to housekeeping in Paris.Sa fe sa .COUNCIL ADOPTS RESOLUTIONSOF SYMPATHY.BIRTHS.To the wife of Mr. Harvey Rose,formerly Miss Ruth Rion. of Paris,a son. Their fifth child and fifthson.In Cincinnati, to the wife of Dr.Dumont Walton, niece of Mr. LouisMussinon, of Paris, a daughter,weight, eight pounds.Pa fca sPRESIDENT ENTHUSES BIG WASHINGTON AUDIENCE.IMPROVEDMccormickBINDERStanding tieneath the shadow ofWashington's monument, PresidentWoodrow Wilson told the great crowdgathered to celebrate flag day, that-"we have made our choice and thatAve must winvthe war." He said thatno self-respecting nation could endure the insults offered by Germany.We had no choice but declare war.control Central Europe and Asia."This is a people's war; a war forfreedom and justice and self government amongst all the nations of theworld, a war to make the world asafe place for the peoples who liveupon it and make it their own; theGerman people themselves included,"the President said.Ta Pa aTHOUSANDS FOR HUMANITYTHE GRAIN GROWERwill find the McCormick Improved Binder a machine that is simple in construction, easy to operateand that will f uccessf ully harvest grain under everycondition, whether it be short or tall, even, tangledor full of undergrowth.IIThe large number of McCormickBinders in use all over the worldis a sure sign of satisfaction.Be On the Safe SideBuy a McCorrriick!If thousands are ready to give theirlives for the cause of liberty as exemplified in the ready response of thoyouth of America to the call to arms,will YOU not give YOUR money andgive till you feel it in the spirit ofsacrifice. The Red Cross campaignwill soon begin.miiit. Ball GarageCor- Fourth and Pleasant St. .!At the recent meeting of the CityCouncil of Paris, the following resolutions of sympathy for the family ofMr. Jack Woods, who was for twoterms a member of that body, wereadopted:CITY HALL, PARIS, KY.,June 14, 1917.Again death has taken from thisboard one of its faithful memberswhen the illness of Mr. Jack Woodsended fatally last Monday night.Therefore, Be it Resolvod by thoMayor-and City Council:That we deeply regret the loss ofMr. Woods whose place was alwaysfilled at our meetings unless providentially hindered.That we declare our appreciationof his active interest and honesty ofpurpose in all that concerned thecity's welfare, and his readiness at alltimes to sacrifice his own pleasure orconvenience to give attention to theduties of his office.That we express to his family oursympathy in their sore bereavementand commend to them the memoryof his faithfulness and sincerity.That a copy of these resolutionsbe sent to his family and that a copybe published In a city paper.J. T. HINTON, Mayor.Attest: - - 'ibargainTOnrn Bargains In Every Demjfi partment Men's, Ladies,ndovs anand Low1 f! 1a uinsCutShHighfoesiHOESWe Bought Too HeavyUnseasonable weatherleaves, us with an enormousstock of Summer Footwear.Prices Cut Deep !Offering in the beginning of the season greatbargains in high grade footwear. If you needshoes now, or will need them in the .future, nowis the time to buy. Visit our store, compare thequality and prices, and you will surely appreciatethe wonderful bargains.oXFoRDSLadies' White Kid or Rich Brown e -Russ. Tan Boots $4.95Ladies' Gray and White Kid Ka- -tinka Pumps 3.45Ladies' White Can v. Sea Island ftBoots and Pumps 1 99Ladies' Canvas Ctrap Pumps .au ....................... a i7Ladies' Kid Lace Boots and Pumps ,-which add grace to your foot. . . 1.99Ladies' Pat. Dull Kid- Boots and Pumps at 2.49Ladies'' Pat. and Gun Metal Shoes ,- tt.and Pumps at 199Men's Russian Tan English MShoes and Oxfords, W.-0...4.00 UpMen's Plat. Calf Eng. and MediumToe Shoes and Oxfords, W.-0....$3a50Men's G. M.and Tan Shoes and Oxfords, Walk-Over and Beacon,. . .Men.s Gun Metal, Button andand Lace, weltsMen's Tan and Gun Metal OxfordsatMen's Gun Metal High Shoes andOxfords3.492.99 :2.491.99Boys', Misses' and Children's Shoes and Slippers AtGreat Bargain Prices.DAN COHENParis' Greatest Shoe StoreWhere Beauty and Economy Reignl:::3::iC. A. DAUGHERTYJ. W. HAYDEN, Clerk.-!.:--!ij.Vft"K2-vXfcj v -i"ff. gy--Tyy : . . q- tj