. v oV 5-'THENEWS'&''PUBLISHED EVERY TUESDAY AND FRIDAY IN THE YEAR.VOLUME XXXVIIPARIS, BOURBON COUNTY, KENTUCKY, TUESDAY, JULY 17, 1917,-. " T 1 -. - i V.BOURBONSOTDAY MASS-MEETING STARTSY. M. C. A. CAMP FUND.Although there was but a small attendance at the mass-meeting held atthe court house Sunday afternoon,for the purpose of raising 2,5 00 forY. M. C. A. work in the army, theinterest manifested was very deepand the speakers who addressed theaudience were given the closest attention. The meeting was called to orderby Hon. Emmett M. Dickson, who in.a brief but very forcible talk, explained the objects and aims of the meeting. Rev. W. O. Sadler, pastor of theParis Methodist church, delivered theinvocation, after which Mr. Dicksonintroduced Mr. S. M. Harris, of Louisville, Field Secretary of the State Y.M. C. A. as the first speaker. Mr.Harris is well-known here, havingbeen a frequent worker in connectionwith the local officials of the Y. M.C. A. Mr. Harris was followed by therecently-nominated Secretary of thelocal Y. M. C. A., Mr. G-. I. Wilcox,of Orange county, New York. Bothspeakers made strong pleas that thesoldiers in the camps, fields andtrenches may have increased advantages for clean, living, spiritually andphysically.The principal speech of the afternoon was delivered by Dr. W. A. Ganfield, president of Center College, atDanville. As usual with this deepthinker and eloquent orator, his address "was all that could be desiredfor straightforwardness and simplicity. Dr. Ganfield knows boys andknows them well, and he knows better than the average man how toawaken their best impulses and tocultivate in them a sense of personalresponsibility and manhood.Following Dr. Ganfield, Mr. HenryA. Power, president of the BourbonCounty Y. M. C. A., made an earnesaddress in which he made an appealfor funds with which to start thecampaign for Y. M. C. A. army workfor the Bourbon county boys who willbe called to the colors. At the conclusion of his address a committercomposed of Messrs. A. B. Hancock,C. 0. Hinton, James McClure, Thos.H. Clay, Jr., and Chas. P. Cook circulated pledge cards in the audience.When these were gathered up it wasfound that the sum of S3 07.50 hadbeen pledged for the work, plus $500which was pledged to complete thenecessary allotment of S 2,500 whenS 2,0 00 had been raised. The campaign thus given, so auspicious anopening will be vigorously prosecuted until the amount has been raisedin full. With the pronouncing ofthe benediction by Dr. C. C. Fisher,president of the Millersburg-College,the meeting came to a close.ta s fsCANNING TIME.r Buy your Tin. Cans here.(It) C. P. COOK & CO.tsi eaDEAPT SELECTION DRAWINGSTILL UNSETTLED.No information as to the date andexact method of the National armydrawing has been yet received by theExemption Board in this city. Themethod will probably be announcedon the eve of the drawing, and thatwill follow immediately upon receiptof official advices that the last localBoard has completed its organizationwork, and filed its list of numberedregistrations with the State authorities. ,. L , . .There are nearly 1,000 districts yetto be heard from, but the indications now are that all will have been,reported by the middle of next week,and that the drawing can be held,if desired, on Friday or Saturday.Governor Stanley received notification Saturday from Washington thatKentucky's quota of the draft armyunder the selective conscription actwill be 14,236, which will be apportioned among the one hundred andtwenty counties of the State. Thework of figuring out the percentagefor each county and city will consume the better part of three days.When this work is completed the percentage for each county win De unounced by the Governor.And in the meantime there aremany anxious mothers, fathers andboys waiting the tidings in Paris andin Bourbon county.ps 3 13STn-Nm INSTALLMENT OFSERGT.SEu0?Ar$c STORY.The second installment of Sergt.Alexander McClintock's great story."Over There." will be found on pageseven of this issue of THE NE b.Don't miss it. It's a thriller!This plain and simple, out mui -u;u,-o- rer.ital is attracting .recital is attracting aU-pn rfeal of attention wherever ithas appeared and loses nothing in tnerecital It is wonderfully appealingin its "simplicity and takes a deephold on the reader's imagination a',once. This story will appear nserial form in THE NEWS each Tu today until concluded. The second installment is entitled "The BombRaid," and is a graphic story oisoldiering told graphically by a Kentuckian who won high honors in tin.Canadian service.jss )ss isPARIS MAN IN NEW POSITION:Mr. Wm.' i -hit.....tflVen pl nosition as tienerai mau.-IS of the Citizen's Transfer Co., at!LrJL- z:lX w formerly heldby hi Tbrother; , the late Mr. BlantonTTnlt fnrmerlV Ot .faris. . ."" J-r T- TXrtltMr. Holt is a son oi -? " ";. - . a , hmtiipr nf Mr. HarryDUU.r . -a--.-r'of Paris, and a brother oi mr. wHoltTof Paris, now residing in Texas.?"? 5 fl Z ZZ-a hnsiness manftVLC, v. rinift man for the&UU win ws m. ' mjmmSUPT. W. H. ANDERSON MAKES OAURTERLY CONFERENCE BOUR- KENTUCKY TROOPS TO TRAIN IN "PATRIOTIC NIGHT" FOR THEATTEMPT AT SUICIDE. I BON COUNTY BIBLE SCHOOLS, j MISSISSIPPI. .PYTHIANS.2S"; H4. -Verfon of Paris' Su "LuTh eihth Quarterly conference of Kentucky and Indiana National' The regular monthly social meettmSci VV t the.Kentucky Central .the Bourbon County Bible Schools' Guardsmen will encamp at Hatties- ing of the Rathbone Lodge No. 13,7i7 ojwui&viiieoBiNasnviiicivcucu -u me nrisuan cnurcn mAuixuau, wiiu Headquarters in tniscity, and one of the most widelyknown railroad men in the State, wasfound lying on the floor of the washroom adjoining his office at theI Tenth street passenger station in thiscity, Sunday morning, with gapingknife-wounds in his throat. A smallpocket knife, with which the deedwas committeed, lay by his side.Mr. Anderson had been on duty alarge part of Saturday night helpingthe yard men to straighten out a tangle of congested traffic in the SouthParis yards. He went home at anearly hour in an apparently cheerfulframe of mind, and afer a few hoursrest, returned to his duties. Whattransp'ired in the interval betweenthe night and the morning hourwhen he returned to his ofilce is asyet a sealed page, with various vaguerumors filling the place of solidtruth.He came into the office about thetime the fast train from Cincinnatiwas coming in, and at a time whenthe office employes are generally easing up in their work. He passedinto the wash-room, and nothing morewas seen of him until Mr. HomerKiser, employed in the trainmaster'sdepartment, on going into the roomto wash his hands, found Mr. Anderson on the floor, and the washbowl and his clothing saturated withblood, which was flowing from threeugly gashes in his throat. Mr.Kiser endeavored to assist the wounded man, and hurriedly summoned Mr.George Wilder, and others of theyard and office force. Physicians weresummoned and Mr. Anderson was removed in an ambulance to the MassieMemorial Hospital, where an examination revealed the fact that the windpipe had been severed, the keen bladeof the knife missing the juglar veinby the narrowest fraction. Restoratives were applied and the woundsbound up.Papers were found in the roomwhere the wounded man was found,but their contents were not revealed,as the railroad men, with their cusomary reticence, refused to make anystatement of personal knowledge ofthe papers. One of the papers Mr.Anderson had vainly tried to finish,the writing trailing off into an almost illegible scrawl, he evidentlyhaving succumbed to the loss ofblood before being able to finish it.No reason for the act had yet beensatisfactorily assigned, and Mr. Andersons-being-unable to talk, -all thathas been said on the streets has beenmere unconfirmed rumors. The mostaccepted theory is that of overwork,the responsibilities of his positionbeing great and hard on a nervoussystem such as he possessed.At the hospitals yesterday the physicians and attendants stated thatMr. Anderson had a fighting chancefor recovery, unless unforseen complications should set in. The physicianswere afraid of the danger of pneumonia, and were directing all their energies to combatting that possibility.Mr. Anderson came to Paris manyyears ago from Virginia and took aposition in the employ of the Louisville & Nashville in the train operating department as a telegraph operator. He had a natural genius forsuch work, and the railroad peoplej recognized his capability by makingrapid promotions until he was nnaiiymade Superintendent of the division,in which he showed the same signalability that distinguished his earliercareer. He is very popular amongthe employes of the road and withthe officials. Mr. Anderson has lonftbeen a prominent factor in the business life of Paris, being a directorand stockholder in its financial institutions, and a leading member ofthe Paris Commercial Club and itssuccessor, the Business Men's Association. He was married several yearsago to Miss Lucy Alexander, a daughter of the late Mr. W.' W. Alexander,and a great-niece of the late Jefferson Davis, president of the SouthernConfederacy. They nave no cnnaieu.m?sCENTRAL KENTUCKY RED CROSSTO CO-OPERATE.r.n-oneration of all the Red CrossChapters in Central Kentucky in thework of making hospital supplies for. one base hospital unit is now a cer-I tainty. Bourbon, Madison, Scott,i Jessamine and Woodford countieshave agreed to work with layettecounty in furnishing the supplies,and the co-operation of Clark, Harrison and Montgomery counties is exnentPA to Tie obtained as soon as theproper representations are made tothese ChantersFurnishing sivpplies for the hospital unit will demand that the Central Kentucky Chapters fit up fivehundred beds and supply all the surgical supplies for a hospital ot tnaisize. This will cost the Red Crossin this section $12,000, and requirea tremendous amount of sewing andother necessary work such as canbest be done by the women of the RedCross.a mSMALL-POX SUSPECT PLACED INQUARANTINE.- . ,,- A Vir nViiof nf Pn-nomeiess, wu& luuuu UJ v-v. --. -lice Fred Link wandering about thestreets Sunday. His actions arousedt the suspicions of the officer who call-- ea a piijoicwx.RrnwTi was found to be suffering. , ja oo nt cmall-Timrtrom a wwtv ---r-..He vas placed in a hospital tent nearthe mimtv auarry in East Paris, andnnt under Kuard. Brown gave his-w 1 -home as Laurel, Miss. -this city yesterday morning at 9:30o'clock, with a large number of deleG w .M w-wMUM,u,v. o. jj.s muiuiihHii.K.N in hi iHiinnno i n imnTn in--session was opened with prayer, af-ter which the topic, "Standard ofEfficiencv." was diso.iiRRPrt Hir n -nnm-- " ' . " "J " " .uer oi syeaKers.i. K. H. Biaaie,Jr., conductedthe riP.vnt.innal ever'-cises. Miss Daisy Detwiller. of North- v . w ww. w-.-Middletown, read the jrnmutes of tlieprevious session. The followingspeakers discussedsigned to them:the subjects a3;Temperance," DiAsncraii; uraaie toii ana iiome Jjej-i i jj. . hi- I. -. .. s :partment," Mrs.Mangus Rash: "ThALibrary In Use," Prof. T. A. Hendricks; "Teacher Training," Prof. Bi'M. Roberts; "Workers' Conference,''Everette Hopkins; "Definite DecisionFor Christ Urged," Mr. W. O. Hintontr"The Song Service in tb.e School,rn. ji.. xj. noaingut. jjiscussions oa;these subjects were participated iriby the delegates. After the transac-.,tion of miscellaneous business the'Jsession adjourned until afternoon.The afternoon session convened aC1:15 with departmental conference!in the forefront of the programDevotional exercises were led bylamo this afternoon and the ParisCapt. James R. Rogers. Speaker dis-'cussed the following tonics: "Orea-nization," J. W. Brown; "Mtssionaryiftdeals with other Phases of life inOfferings and Instruction," J. WJones; "Graded Organization," J. W.JAtherton; "Shall Bourbon CountyCompete For the Front Rank Banner?" (General Discussion by everybody) ; On to Millersburg," AmosStamper. After general discussionof these topics by the delegates, reports of committees were read, followed by the transaction of miscellaneous business. The sessions adjourned to meet in July, 1918.3 ?QPORMER PASTOR OF PARISCHURCH DIES IN RICHMOND.The Richmond papers last week tellof the death there of Rev. C. K. Marshall, aged eighty-one, one of themost widely-known ministers in Kentucky. Rev. Marshall died at thehome of his daughter, Mrs. J. I. Collins, in that city, last week.Rev. Marshall was a native ofPennsylvania, but came to Kentuckywhen quite young. He united withthe Christian church and studied forthe ministry. He began preachingwhen a young man and continued tothe end. He was a forceful and elo-quent preacher of great power. BetJ recently installed ut a meeting of thesides filling pulpits of churches in n?a.?is HebeTtah Lo'dce:sides filling pulpitsKentucky he was pastor of churchesin Baltimore and Hagerstown, Ma.,in Arkansas, Mississippi and Texas,but spent the greater portion of histime in Kentucky, for which he always manifested great fondness.Rev. Marshall was pastor of the ParisChristian church several years, succeeding Rev. David K. Walk, and being succeeded by Rev. John S. Sweeney. He is survived by two sons, threedaughters, two sisters and onebrother. .Funeral services were heldat the grave in the Richmond Cemetery, Friday morning, at eleveno'clock.3 3 feREMEMBER THE DATE JULY 21.Don't forget the day and date ofthe W. R. Scott sale. An unusual opportunity to secure a handsome home.(13-3t). Pa fe fcsSELL FINE FARM.Mr. and Mrs. Jos. Kimbrough havesold their fine farm of eighty-nineacres, including a modern brick residence, located on the Millersburgand Cynthiana pike, to Mr. PaulSimpson,' of Harrison county, forS225 an acre, or about $20,000.The farm was formerly owned byMr. J. W. McKee. Possession willnot be given until next March. Theale was made through the real estateagency or uarneit k xtouiusuu, uj.Cynthiana.m ta mCALLED MEETING OF DEMOCRATIC COMMITTEE.Chairman W. D. Mclntyre, of Millersburg, has issued a call for ameeting of the Bourbon County Democratic Committee1 at the court housein Paris, on to-morrow (Wednesday)afternoon at 3:30 o'clock, for th?.purpose of presenting the electionofficers to the Election , Commissioners, and to recommend names for theElectoral Commission from Bourboncounty. All the committeemen areurged to be present, as this will be avery important session.mSIQLITTLE WHEAT ON THE LOCALMARKET.Though wheat threshing is aboutcompleted in Bourbon county and theBluegrass generally, but two crops ihave been offered on the local market ;so far. The price stands firm. The(farmers are declaring their time hascome to "get a share of the profits. iNo price has been forecast on themarket here, as buyers are waiting to ,see what action the National Government will take. ;IS 1Q ISEVERYBODY ASKED TO JOINPUBLIC SERVICE RESERVE. ,All persons willing to take publicor private employment in lines of warwork, either voluntarily or in a wageearning capacity, are asked by theDepartment of Labor in a statementissued from Washington, Saturday toenroll in the newly formed publicservice reserve" whose organization- Isoon will be extended to,every State.1ourg, Miss., this winter and receiveiu5u wamms - Luitt, pumi ueiurebeing sent to the front in France,o rinrwrti- . 3 A, .? i ttt tiubUiuiiiti in iiiiiKis til i.iiK WH.I i jh-partment issued Friday afternoonassigning all State troops to winter. i ...5i r.aauys. j.t lias ureviuusxy ueen ex-rjected thn.t. thP TTPTitunkv jinrl Trii-..",;:...:,;:::' .,trAio ... a t, tt-..-tiritis, siiiniprc wnu n in rn anmcTnTiT,rigade officers had been expectinghp5l ,- n fto nf tiio Tovto be assigned to one of the, Texasnn fllA hnri1oP-".w fcviviiHowever, the designation of Hattiesburg and Alexandria, La., as ad-ditional training camps allowed achange to be made. The SeventeenthDivision composed of Kentucky andw Indiana guardsmen, will be trainedat Hattiesburg, according to latestijadvices.is te feLFINE ATTRACTION AT ALAMOAND GRAND TO-DAY.The Night Workers," produced bytlie Klein-Essanay-Selig Film Com,pany, will be presented at the Al-Grand to-night. "The Night Work-ers 1S partly a newspaper story, dula most effective way. "Tne JNigntWorkers" is the beginning of a program of E-E-S-Co., which has beenbooked for Paris by Mr. Matt Thornton, formerly of this city, who isnow connected with the Cincinnatibranch of the company.The principal parts are in thihands of Marguerite Clayton, JackGardner, Julian Barton, Mabel Bardine and Arthur W. Bates. The production is elaborately staged, andshould be a big card for the Parishouses this afternoon and to-night.is m isREFRIGERATORS AT 20 PERCENT. OFF.During the balance of July we aregoing to give 20 per cent, off on allRefrigerators. A big stock that wedon't, want to carry over, must bemoved at once to make room for Fallgoods. Come in to-day and get thepick of a varied stock.A. F. WHEELER & CO.191 TE3 153REBEKHAS INSTALL OFFICERS.The following officers have been"Pans HebeTcah LodgeNoble Grand Miss Ava Neal;Vice-Grand Mrs. Dora Scott; ChapIain Miss Anna Hutchcraft; Warden Miss Hattie Neal; ConductorMiss Madaline Huddleston; SecretaryMrs. Ida Snyder; Treasurer MissOllie Chambers; Supporters to NobleGrand Wm. Lail, Miss Alice Ewalt;Suporters to Vice-Grand Mrs. TinaDennison, George Rose; Past NobleGrand Mrs. Frances Lail.COOL CLOTHESPOR HOT WEATHERifed Km wmw2Low Cut Oxford ShoesGarments. Prepare yourselfI MITCHELL &BLAKEMOREOur Store Closes ataKnights of Pythias, will be heldin.men luuge ruum. at tne corner oiThird and Main, Thursday night,t,.i n m. fit -- i.1 i v aw iniK xvi 1 1 no "KQrriMnplie -Trrill Vr '"Dr 4--Z A-fr Z rNight," when a varied program willbe rendered by the members of thea a i, ,. mx.. --..'""Sc muhoDeful of havms: a full attendancee -h ,v.- 4.x." ZZZjx. luc uicuiunioiiin. lijkmih wimitheir wives, sisters and sweethearts.The following newly-elected officials have been installed:Chancellor Commander W. O.Kabler; Vice Chancellor H. C. Ogle;Prelate George P. Tillet Master-at-ArmsWalter Blythe; Keeper ofRecords and Seals Ira Bowen; Master of Finance John H. Cahal; "Master of Exchequer P.. M. Heller;Master of Work Edgar Tingle; Inner Guard Wm. R. Franklin; OuterGuard Charles W. Fothergill.The financial report of the lodge,which was pronounced the best andmost satisfactory of any yet made,was read at the same meeting. The'JXSTT?1ed to attend the meeting of tne GrandLodge, which is to be held in Lexmg-ton on Tuesday, October 30: D Y.J FJley' J?hnT KCa:P- M- HeA"Jer, Edgar Tingle, P. A. Thompson, C.W. Fothergill, Louis Wollstein andIra Bowen.fe fea tejudge McMillan to conduct,SPEAKING CAMPAIGN.TO THE DEMOCRATIC VOTERS OP to file their expense accounts both 'BOURBON COUNTY: before and after the date of the pri-t-.- j- x-u 4. x-u j A. mary election, under the provisions'', Finding that the duties of my of the new laoffice do not permit me to make a, It is provided that all such candl- .thorough house to house canvas and ' dates f t nomination must .feeling that several matters should lffle sworn statements of their expense thoroughly explained to the voters ditures fifteen d before fl tMrtm regard to my race for County . Ac offo7. . . - llo ,, 'Judge, I will address the DemocraticXA-n !, Tlr if"1! f0!1 2y cl?ims f?riof the first statement be attended toeiiuursemtJUL iu uie umce oi Vjouaty iJudge in the various precincts on thejfollowing dates given below.My opponent, Mr. George Batter-1ton, is cordially invited to be pres- candidate failing to file loses hisent and explain to the voters why , nomination the candidate receivingthey should not give me the rametne next hi hest vote and complyingendorsement of a second term that ftn th e provisions being declared'he is now enjoying.The speaking dates are as follows:Ruddles Mills, Friday, July 20,7:30 p. m.Millersburg, Saturday, July 21.3:00 p. m.Shawhan, -Monday, July 3-JLi30prm.""""Clintonville, Tuesday, July 24,7:30 p. m.Centerville, Wednesday, July 25,7:30 p. m.Hutchison, Thursday, July 26,7:30 p. m.- Little Rock, Friday, July 27, 7:30p. m.North Middletown, Saturday, July28, 3:00 p. m.c. a. McMillan.OOIAre justSilk Shirtsattached or-detached collars, from$1.00 to $6.00in Tans, Vici Kids, Light-weight Calf Shins.Cool materialstoday and do not suffer with the5 P. M. Except Saturdays and Court Days.CHANCES FOR JOINING NAVTARE DWINDLING.Warning has been issued by thVLexington navy recruiting statioathat there will be very limited op-portunity to enlist after July IfI nniv IwpIvp m-n a wppV will ho .!I , .. - . ... . .x j j .t . ai- -wJS with the excention of machinl- ?ts maTes and landsman L?aulrllbtb maies ana lanasmen ior quar-wuiT, n 4.x. m -.iA-jw"" lluca tueie Wlli UB uiuiuutou.enlistment.The Lexington station has beesnotified that naval aeronauts are b-,ing sought and that the State ofKentucky is expected to furnish, fourmen for this department. Exceptional qualifications are necessary forthis branch, the notification statinsthat only men perfect physically andhaving mechanical ability of high de-gree will be considered.Enlistment in the ratings of shipwright, shipfitter, blacksmith, "boilermaker and painter has been, discontinued In addition to those alreadyclosed. The report of the Bureau ofNavigation shows that the totalnmTlTpmp7,t nf Twi nw m Rnmen and that 125'363 have alreadrbeen B, d with ecruits comlng jjat tne rate of 3 500 a week K5tne -nt rate of increase were con. .tinned the navy would be full by Sep-tember 22j ra W raIMUST FILE EXPENSE ACCOUNTBY JULY 20.This year candidates for county, '' city and legislative offices will have""J" M.X..V... v .v v.. -XIW ,..,,,making it imperative that the filing:ijefore Julv 20The ,aw fa a new 0 and this i3Twi fiT.ef nTiaTirio fft- f Acording to its terms, any successfulthe nominee. The same applies tothe case of a candidate exceedingthe amount of money he can spend,that is allotted at a maximum to hiaoffice.-l)"&-TO JOIN HOSPITAL CORPS.Mr. Lucien Arnsparger, son of Mrs.Clifton Arnsparger, of Paris, left Saturday for Canton, Ohio, where he willreport for duty in the Ohio unit ot,the Hospital Corps.Mr. Arnsparger enlisted in the ser-vice while working in Akron, Ohio.He has been visiting his mother herewhile waiting official orders to report for duty with his command.as necessary for aman's comfort and pleasure as ieating regularly to maintain hishealth.When you wear one of our Cool ClothPaim Beach Suits these warm, sultry daysyou will feel so comfortable and cool thatyou will imagine that you could throw snowballs at the sun.Made in the very lightest weight material, without any heavy padding or lining,light colors and dark, all sizes from 34 to 48.All Prices From$7.50 to $20and Light Weightmaterials, soft cuif,in Union Suits and Separateheat.-T.-5!;nXMBy..,,Jj:jaPAGE TWOTHE BOURBON NEWS, PARIS, KY.TUESDAY, JULY 17, 1117,The Bourbon News'-febllshed 188135 Years of Continuous Publication.fbllshed Every Tuesday and Friday,ir Year... $2.00 Six Months.. $1.00Payable in Advance.iJWIFT CtlAMP, Editor and Owner.Any erroneous reflection upon theharacter, standing or reputation ofty person, firm or corporation whichjcay appear in the columns of TUBBfatURBON NEWS will be gladly corrected if brought to attention of theeditor.ADVERTISING RATESDisplay Advertisements, $1.00 perInch' for first time; 50 cents per incheach subsequent insertion.Reading Notices, 10 cents per lineeach issue; reading notices in blacktype, 20 cents per line, each issue.Cards of thanks, calls on candidates, obituaries and resolutions, andsimilar matter, 10 cents per line.Special rates for large advertisements and yearly contracts.The right of publisher is reservedto decline any advertisement or othermatter for publication.Announcements for political officesmust invariably be accompanied bythe cash.EDITORIAL MUSINGS.As To The Farmer."Very few things are more tiresome than listening to some fellowdilate upon the old, wornout, threadbare joke about the farmer's inability to be satisfied with weather conditions. That statement originatedas a joke long before Joe Millercould laugh heartily enough to shakethe slats of his cradle, and it stillfinds a place in the system of somefellows whose real sense of humor isalmost as funny as a crutch.Speaking for the Bourbon countyfarmer, not that he differs fromfarmers all over the land, but becausewe know him better, that moth-eatenstatement that he cannot consent himself with the weather conditions is a libel. Like the lamentedJames "Whitcomb Riley, the Bour-!bon county farmer has long ago realized that "The good Lord sorts theweather and, I'm satisfied." If thereis a drouth, the Bourbon countyfarmer deplores it, naturally. Butlie is big enough and brainy enoughto know that finding fault withProvidence isn't going to bring rainAnd again, when the clouds seemto have been ripped wide open andevery drop of moisture stored forweeks is squeezed out at one time,the- farmer does nothing more tkan"the balance of us wish it would"quit raining. That is human nature, and the farmer has no monopolyon it.If there is a human being satisfiedwith conditions insofar as the elements are concerned, it is the farmer. As a result he has studied thequestion more closely than the cityjnan, and is in a better position to'take what may come in the shape ofweather. He can better adjust himself to sudden changes, and he hasthe satisfaction, in one respect, thatthe city man has never enjoyedhe knows that he isn't going jLostarve to death if he has to remain'in the house for a week at a time.If the balance of the world couldjadjust itself to weather conditionsas well as the farmer, Providence;wouldn't have such a hard time'pleasing Humanity.JUDGE FOR YOURSELF.k S sThe trouble with walking aroundthe streets of Paris with a kindword and a friendly nod for everyone is that many people not knowing you were just an ordinary mortal, might think you were a candidate for some city or county office.The Family Reunion.Now is the season for the family reunion. Shady groves throughoutBourbon county are again to be thescene of happy family gatherings,new acquaintances are going to bomade, old ties of freindship madestronger and a wealth of happinessreleased in scores of hearts.Since the family reunion has replaced the old-fashioned picnic to agreat extent, and since "homecomings" come to be more popular thanthe old-fashioned county fairs theties of relationship and the bonds offriendship have been welded anevand stronger. The family reunionbrings together for a day of recreation those who trace their ancestryback to the time when those sameancestors struggled with the red manon the frontiers of Kentucky for supremacy, often over the same groundsupon which the reunions are held.Their joys and their sorrows sincethe last reunion are reviewed, theirsmiles and their tears are mingledagain as they point to new arrivalsthat have come to bless the familysince the last assemblage, or as theysadly recall that the circle has beeninvaded by death within the pastyear, and someone near and dearsummoned from their midst.And then, there's the delight ofthe big dinner, spread in the shadeof the trees; the laughter of happychildren at their play; the goodnatured repartee across the snowylinen and the annual worry ofMother for fear the men will finishwithout having sampled the manygood things she has made fromrecipes found in the old .trunk storedin the attic. And then there are thecontests in which the older heartsagain grow young, in which there isan exhibition of wrestling betweenAunt Mary's boy, who is home fromthe navy on a furlough, and CousinNancy's son, who has a blue registration card in his pocket.You've been there and the chancesare that you are going back again.There is nothing sweeter in life,nothing that makes us want to sitright down alongside of humanityand call it brother. The season ofthe family reunion Is here again, andmay they grow in number.Some Paris women are strong forthat "I didn't raise my boy to be asoldier" stuff, but they'd probably ewilling enough to have them take ajob as Admiral in the Navy.S E3 TSBY WAY OF BOURBON.(Carlisle Mercury.)Rev. J. D. Redd, of Millersburg.who was at Moorefield assisting inthe holding of the Red Cross meetingSunday, stated that about sixty dollars had been given by citizens ofNicholas to the Bourbon countychapter of the Red Cross. It is expected that Nicholas will be givencredit for these subscriptions whenthe list is sent in to Washington.Rev. Redd gave the names of thefollowing who subscribed through theBourbon county chapter, stating thatthere were more whose names hecould not recall:Jim Carpenter $10.00Squire Shanklin 10.00James Miller 9.80Clarence McCarthy 5.00Mr. Arms 5.00.Dr. C. W. Mathers .". . . 2.00Es fS feDOING GOOD.Few medicines have met withmoro favor or accomplished moregood than Chamberlain's Colic andDiarrhoea Remedy. John F.NJantzen,Delmeny, Sask., says of it, "I haveused Chamberlain's Colic and Diarrhoea Remedy myself and in myfamily, and can recommend it as being an exceptionally fine preparation." (adv-july)Which Is BetterrTry-AnJExpf rimentor Profit By-a ParistCitizens "Experience.Something new is an experiment.Must be proved to be as represented. The statement of a manufactureris not convincing proof of merit.But the endorsement of friends is.Now suppose you had a bad back,A lame, weak, of aching one,Would you experiment with it?You will read of many so-calledcures.Endorsed by strangers from faraway places.It's different when the endorsement comes from home.Easy to prove local testimony.Read this Paris case.Floyd H. Rankin, grocer, Lillestonavenue and Lucas street, Paris, says:"I have used Doan's Kidney Pills offand on for years and have beengreatly benefitted by them. Attimes I have suffered severely withkidney complaint. My back hasoften pained me and has been lamemost all the time. The kidney secretions have been too frequent in passage and have greatly annoyed me.Whenever I have been this way, Ihave always found that a box ofDoan's Kidney Pills has never failedto cure me of the attack in shortorder."Price 50c, at all dealers. Don'tsimply ask for a kidney remedy getDoan's Kidney Pills the same thacMr. Rankin had. Foster-MilburnCo., Props., Buffalo, N. Y.jSfi ia teFOR YOUR SCRAP BOOK.(To The Flag.)Unfurl! Unfurl!Oh, Flag of Mine!And let the wide world takeThis message from your flappingfolds,"America's awake!""America's awake!"The eagle's sleepIs oe'r at least,And now his wings are freeTo cleave the sky and send his cryAcross the land and sea!Until the endWe pledge you nowThe oath our fathers gave;That while we live with strength togive,Triumphant you shall wave.Unfurl! Unfurl!And let the wide world takeThis message from your flappingfolds,"America's awake!"John Kemble.a isi Ta473 NEW YORK JAPS JOIN THERED CROSS.IM1III1"mVOTE FOEGEO. D. SPEAKESof ParisLEE R. CRAVENof Little Rockmm:ForASSESSORof Bourbon CountyWITHLEE R. CRAVENAS DEPUTY"True and Tried Democrats"Four hundred and seventy-threemembers of the Japanese Associationof New York have joined the NewYork county chapter of the AmericanRed Cross, it was announced in thaT.city recently. Funds to cover theentire enrollment were turned in byDr. T. C. Takami and Rirochiro Maidako, secretary of the association, withthe statement that the enrollment isthe result of a month's campaign. .IS 3 3 -DIXIE HIGHWAY TO BE COMPLETED DEC. 1.The Dixie Highway will be completed by December 1. Word to thiseffect was received in Frankfort, Satturday, from Richmond. With theexception of a gap between Rockcastle and Laurel counties, the highwayis practically complete in this StateThe section of road will be completed before December 1.fe tea teaSCHOOL PER CAPITA LESS.The Kentucky school per capitatax for 1917 and 1918 will be ?5for each child within the school age.This announcement was made by V.O. Gilbert, Superintendent of PublicInstruction. The per capita is basedon an estimated revenue of $3,849,418,16. There are 748,837 childrenof school age in the State. The percapita last year was $5.15.tea tei teaHURTS KENTUCKY CROPS.A hailstorm early Friday in Carroll county, on the Ohio River, between Ghent and Warsaw, did considerable damage to the growing tobacco, fruits and other crops.tea tea teaChickens are long in coming outof unlaid eggs..44'4t4...lMTMlr.tT,T.,T),T,,T,,T,,,7,,T,,r,,T,,TnTMTMT..TMT..r.,T.T.TT..T..r..T.,T. j , y y T j ! t tTt j I H j i !iwww vvvvvvvVVVVVSISISISISJS)SJS)VSlVS)SJS99sl0SJSl9090000VOTE FDR II ,LFORM'frj'fl'M"!"!"!"!'BIG JULY CLEARANCNOW GOING ONsi.zo ana $i.ouSALEHere Are Some of ttie Specials:SilkWaists..values at98c79cEACHSportHclLSaaB,See Them OnDisplay.WashSkirts . ..Plain White withFancy Pockets79cHatsOut of our, stock wehave taken manynew styles to beplaced on sale at$1.00Twin Bros. Department Store: : we close at 5 p. m. except Saturdays and court daysIJAILERBourbon CountymIIA Democrat who will Attend tothe Job if ElectedMr. Taul is a Democrat who needs the position,and would appreciate the supportof his party.i I M U 'I'M1 1111' l"M '! M 1 1 1 M I 4 HM'1 i 'f WM'fcWHMMMMMMMMfaMMM 1YjV r-.TUESDAY, JULY 17, 1917.THK BOURBON NEWS, PARIS, ELPAGEs'.imii-5frlE YORK-BOSTOXvia Louisville & Nashville Railroad30-Day limit Round Trip Tourist Fires From Paris, Ky.NEW YORK $33.00 BOSTON $33.10Reduced Fares to many other cities and resortsin the East and NorthVariable route fares available through Washington, Baltimore, Philadelphia, New York, Boston, Montreal, TorontoNiagara-Falls, Buffalo, Detroit, Atlantic City, the Adiron-; ' -- ""mni, iuu wmer unties ana resorts or theEast nrirl rSJnw-U ;M,,: i At . ..w.wijiiswuuujg wipa uu Atlantic ana oreat"" WM&AAW4.0.For particulars, rates,, folders, etc., applyW. V. SHAW, Ticket Agent3T""TThrift Is Now aNational SloganThe American people arewaking up. They resent thecharge that they are wasteful.Bank deposits all over thecountry are increasing by leapsand bounds.Are you a depositor ?If you are not, join the financial preparedness army. Manage to lay aside a certainamount of cash. We'll be gladto explain our banking system.Farmers' & Traders' BankF. P. KISER, President w. W. MITCHELL, Cashier.WM. GRIMES, Bookkeeper.Sixth and Main Streets Paris, Ky1ISOCIAL AND PERSONAL.Comings and Goings of OurPeople Here, There andElsewhere, xMrs. William Clarke, of Cincinnati, is a guest of her sister, MissDorcas Ussery.Miss Elizabeth Brown left Friday for a visit to Miss May AdamsLincoln, in Louisville.Miss Rachel Sabel, of Louisville,is a guest of her relative, Mrs. LauraSkillman, near Paris.Mrs. R. W. Strother has returned to her home in Carlisle after avisit to friends in Paris.Miss Rebecca Rudisill has asguest at her home on South Mainstreet, Mrs. Mary Elkin, of Cincinnati. Mr. and Mrs. Jos. Case, oflor, Jr., Walter Kenney, Jr., andRussell Prank, of Paris.Mrs. Chas. P. Mann was a guestof relatives in Maysville last week.Miss Mary Martin is visiting hercousin, Miss Mabel Todd, in Winchester. Mr. H. Clay Hutchcraft is visiting his son, Mr. Edward Hutchcraft,in Chicago.Mrs. Martin Kilkinney has returned from a visit to her mother,Mrs. Adams, in Bardstown.Miss Helen Desha, of Mt. Airyavenue, has as guest Miss EstherBailey, of Kansas City, Mo.Mrs. W. O. Brock has returned toher home in Winchester after a visitto Mr. and Mrs. Frank White.Mrs. J. W. Brown left Saturdayfor a visit to her brother, Mr. E.- W.Tatum, in Dyersburg, Tennessee.Misses Katherine Wilson andLouise Morrison' have returned fromSmithville, Clay County, Missouri, a visit to friends in Maysville.are guests of Miss May Napier, onFifth street.Mr. M. M. Allen and Miss RuthAndrews have returned to theirhomes in Danville after a visit toParis friends.Mr. and Mrs. R. P. Dennis andMr. Fred Dennis, of Loxa, Illinois,are guests of Mr. and Mrs. ClayThomas, near Paris.Mrs. C. N. Craven, Miss AnnaRoss and Mr. Noel Craven have returned to their homes near Pans,after a visit to friends in Frankfort. Miss Nell Griffin has returned toher home in Columbus, Ohio, after a t their home in Latonia.Mrs. Stanhope Wiedemann andchildren have gone to Wequetonsing, Michigan, to spend the remainder of the summer.Misses Mollie and Alice Ford leftSaturday for a visit of several weeksto friends and relatives in Parkersburg, West.-Virginia.Mrs. George Christman has asguests Miss Myrtie Ballard, of Richmond, Mrs. John Eads, of Lexington,! and Miss Mary Rishfer, of Louisville.Mrs. W. N. Rion and daughters,Misses Elizabeth and Vivian, whohave been guests of Mrs. JohnKoontz, in this city, have returned tovisit to her brother, Mr. W. K.Griffin, and Mrs. Griffin, on Cypressstreet.Mr. Withers Davis and Mr. William Taylor left Saturday for a tripto New York and other Easternpoints.Miss Alice Fisher and son, Robt.Fisher, of Carlisle, and Mr. and Mrs.Wm. Howard, of Richmond, have returned to their homes, after a visit j home in Louisville, Friday,Mr. Clarence Baldwin has goneto Camp Daniel Boone, the Y. M. CA. camp-on the Kentucky River, tojoin the Paris boys who are camping there for ten days.Mrs. Percy C. Henry and son,who have been at the sick bedside ofMrs. Henry's brother, Mr. George W.Nippert, at the Massie Memorial Hospital, in this city, returned to theirto Mrs. Mayme Remington Parrish,on Houston avenue.Mr. M. E. McCurdy, of Paris, attended the regular district meetingof representatives of the KentuckyCentral Life and Accident InsuranceCo., held in Winchester, Friday afternoon. Mr. and Mrs. Tally Moncreif, whowere married in Maysville, Friday,were visitors in Paris, Saturday.Mrs. Moncreif was' formerly MissMary Belle Osborne, of Mason county.Mr. and Mrs. Moncreif were en routeto their home in Lagrange, Georgia.Mrs. James Connelly, of Paris,accompanied a party composed ofher parents, Mr. and Mrs. Jas. Clancey, Mrs. Grannis Grose and son,Emerson Grose, Mr. and Mrs. FrankHughes and son, of Carlisle on amotor trip to Dayton, O. They wereguests there of Mr. and Mrs. CarlBuchanan. Returning they stoppedin Cincinnati, where they visitedMr. John Clancey and family.The annual mid-summer danceat Lexington was a decided successand attracted a large crowd ,otdancers from all parts of CentralKentucky. Mrs. James B. Wilson, ofParis, was one of the chaperones.Among the dancers were MissesLouise Steele and Katherine DavitCraig, and Messrs. Ireland Davis,Dan Peed, Jr., Lucien Arnsparger,James Thompson, Jr., Newton Tay-Squire John J. Redmon, of NorthMiddletown, was named as a memberof the Board of Managers of theKentucky Childrens' Home at Louisville, Friday, at a meeting held InLouisville. The Board has thirty-sixmembers.Miss Dorcas Ussery entertainedat cards yesterday afternoon in TheSweet Shop, in compliment to her sister, Mrs. William Clarke, of Cincinnati, -who is her guest. After playing several games, refreshments wereserved the guests.Among the Paris people whowill attend the big Red Cross "BarnDance" at Winchester to-night areMisses Anna Louise White, LouiseSteele, Katherine Wilson, Agnes Turner, Louise Keal, Emma Louise Burley, Margaret Allen, Mary KenneyWebber.Former Dean Irene T. Myers, ofthe history department of Transylvania College at Lexington, who was arecent guest of Mrs. R. B. Hutchcraft, in Paris, left Sunday for LosAngeles, Cali., where she will assumethe duties of the chair of history inOccidental College. The curators ofTransylvania College regret to loseDr. Myers, but realize that she isgoing to a wider field with a greateropportunity for service. Many friendsin Paris regret her removal from theState.(Other Personals on Page 5.)7f feP 1Phon d' AmourSWEETEST OF SINGERSIts very name suggests Songs of LoveWHY?Bernhard Fritzschinvented thisSoulful Musical InstrumentTHE Phon d 'Amour has a patented wooden diaphragm, (not a metal one), sound amplifier and reproducer. This gives the true tone and pitch, exquisiteas a master's sweep over the strings of a Strad, beautifullyperfect as God's rainbow.The Phon d9 AmourJs the achievement of a genius.It reproduces the human votes exactly, perfectly and sympathetically;the piano, violin, cello, viola, harp,flute, oboe, clarinet, faggott,- horntrumpet, piston, trombone, tuba,tympani, percussion.Because the Phon d' Amour is theinvention of a master mind of harmony who knew how.The Phon d'Aiaour is not an assembledinstrument; the improvements and featuresembodied in Phon d'Axnour are patented andprocurable in no other insrument.This superb instrument plays all recordsof whatever make.tlB .Copyright 1917 byTh Fntzaeh Phonograph Co.The Fritzsch Phonograph Co.228-230 W. Seventh St.ICincinnati, OhioBourbon LaundryDWIS & FUNK, Props.Telephone No. 4.West 5 StreetTtew A - &Arr;I L LSatisfaction is OurWatchwordWith all the latest improvements in laundry& appliances and expertal-'w ih r3?0 hefoers we are nreDared- - ri "-- ' tn Hn wnrk inferior tnnone, and solicit yourpatronage.Bourbon Laundry,'Paris Kentucky.H H B HjjA HSALE'iLLLLL jsssssskw ksssssssssssssssssskm, LLLLLLLH tLLLLLLBswkrsmmmMen's and Women's Low Cut Shoes at Substantial Savings!Now is the time to effect great savings. All our Men's Oxfords (Stacy-Adams and Howard & Foster) comprising theseason's newest and best styles in all leathers.ALL OUR$8.00 OXFORDSReduced to$6.95ALL OUR$7.50 OXFORDSReduced toS6.45ALL OUR$6.00 OXFORDSReduced to -$4.95ALL OUR$5.00 OXFORDSReduced toS3.95ALL OUR$4.50 OXFORDSReduced to$3.45ALL OUR$4.00 OXFORDSReduced to$3.25Tremendously good values in Women's Summer Low Shoes in the newest styles. You will also find a few .lots ofHigh Shoes in in broken sizes at prices below cost.ALL OUR$7.00 PUMPSReduced to$5-95ALL OUR$6.00 PUMPSReduced to$4.95ALL OUR$5.00 PUMPSAND OXFORDSReduced to$3-95ALL OUR$4.50 PUMPSReduced to$3.45ALL OUR$4.00 PUMPSReduced to$3.25ALL OUR$3.50 PUMPSReduced to$2.95These prices are far below the replacement prices, and the reason for this sale is on account of the backward Spring season, which has left us with too many low shoes. This is the time to save money. Do so by.buying your Shoes here.Sale Starts Saturday, JulyNothingon Approval. Everything Cash.MrHarryWiiMmmmmtmmimmmmimmmmLIbviIISN.'3'atVfcJyS jrir W 4? "t W -" w wx-.y,N-8 - & Jttf - . ts. .a. .-vjtf&v ;THE BOURBON NEWS, PRIS, KY.TUESDAY, JULY IT, 110,7.-TaGEFODRHi r -1M:The Bourbon NewsEstablished 188136 Years of ConUnions Publication.Bubllshed Every Tuesday and Friday.Per Year... $2.00 Six Months... $1.00Payable in Advance.tWIFT CHAMP, Editor and Owner,(Entered at the Paris, Kentucky,Postoffice as Mail Matter of theSecond Class.)BMiBP'jgjS!-ilii.F'MUST WAGE WAE0N SPEEDERS"Speedomaniacs" are becomingmore numerous in Paris every day,and there seems to be n effort madeto curb this growing menace andpositive nuisance.It is getting to be a common sighthere to see a car, big or small,plunging down Main street, utterlyregardless of the speed laws, such asthey are. Day and night the cityordinance is repeatedly violated,wilfully, recklessly, defiantly by thesecareless drivers.With streets filled with men, women and children, especially on Saturdays and at nights, when themovie theatre crowds are on their"way home, the speedomaniacs andnerve-rackers are at the height oftheir glory. An accident to a steering gear would send a machinecrashing into them, causing loss oflife or injury to persons. More likelythe "speedomaniac" would come outentirely unscathed.Winchester, Mt. Sterling, Shelbyville, Georgetown, Lexington, Maysville and a score of other near-bycities have adopted and are enforcingstringent rules and regulations designed to restrain the speedomaniacand protect the lives and limbs ofinnocent people. Paris has the ordinances all right, but they are notenforced. Why, may we ask?Hi JR HiOIL INTEREST ACTIVE IN BOURBON COUNTY.All indications point to drillingoperations to begin soon by the capitalists who have taken up leases inBourbon county.Last Friday it was reported thata 15-barrel well came in at a depthof only 80 feet in Magoffin countyclose to the 400 acre tract of leasesheld by The Bourbon Oil & Development Company of this city, thus enhancing the value of these leases several thousand dollars. This companycontrols over 5,000 acres of leases invarious counties in the State.TQ m mNEW BATHING BEACH A POPULAR RESORT.Paris women have discovered andare patronizing extensively a newbathins: beach. The new find is onStoner Creek, in the vicinity of theMassie Memorial Hospital, and threar of the old Bluegrass Leage ballpark.Last Saturday afternoon a score ormore bathers had possession of thebeach, where they disposed themselves in the cooling waters untilcaution told them to come out. Several made hasty plunges shorewardwhen inquisitive crawfish nippedtheir pink toes and visions of crocodiles and alligators kept many fromventuring very far from the "safetyfirst" of the shore.The water is just the right depth,cool and clear, and the new beachbids fair to become a very popularresort on warm afternoons.If the bathing continues to be aspopular at this place as it is now, bythe time cool weather sets in everylittle fish and crawfish in the streamwill be on speaking terms with everygirl in Paris. Perhaps it is best, forif the drafting requirements of thearmy takes away the boys the girlswill need someone to to talk to, andthe fishes can at least give themswimming lessons, which is a greatdeal more than some of the boyscan do.Some of the beginners who were atthe beach Sunday were so enthusiastic over the progress they had madein learning to swim that they couldhardly be persuaded to leave thewater. Among the instructors present were three of the most popularmatrons in Paris, all clever swimmers. IS IS TSSTENOGRAPHIC COURSE FORGIRLS HOME GUARD.The invitation extended to themembers of the Girls Honor Guardby Miss Nannie Brent O Neiii, totake a course of instruction m sum l-hand and general stenograpnic worn,was accepted by nineteen or tne members. The first lesson m me uuuia-was given Saturday afternoon in tnecourt house.The class in stenography will meeteach Tuesday and Friday mornings,in the City School building at nineo'clock, for instruction. The use ofthe rooms for the purpose was ten-j j Tvrioo rvNToiii hv a. renresentative of the City Board of Education i Bryan and the otiier hustlers, will beOIL PR0M0T0RS PAY PARIS gOCIAL VISIT. ,Messrs. F. B. Tomb, of Winchester,connected with the Empire Gas &Fuel Co., and Mr. Lindley G. Coleman, of Henry L. Doehrty & Co., ofNew York, oil promotors and capitalists, were in Paris, Sunday, paying asocial call.They were chaperoned by Mr. Lester Witherspoon, the genial head ofa popular Winchester banking institution, and spent several hours inParis, viewing the sights.The gentlemen were very optimistic concerning the prospects for oildevelopment, and gave it as theiropinion that Kentucky, especially theEastern part of the State, would erelong take a front rank in the list ofoil and gas producing States. Theycomplimented the general appearanceof Paris, and commended very favorably upon the character of public andprivate buildings. Mr. Coleman extended a cordial invitation to THENEWS to pay him a visit in WallStreet and watch the "bears andbulls" at their play. He stated thatwe would be surprised to know thatas many people on Wall Street retiredat ten p. m. as they do in Paris, andthat the famous street was not always the "bee hive" it is generallyand familiarly pictured.The companies which these capitalists represent recently made oneof the' largest purchases of oil prospecting lands in the new Kentuckyfields, and it was while on a tour ofinspection they paid Paris a socialcall as a side issue.IS la 13NEW OFFICIALS FOR N. M. TOWNCOMMERCIAL CLUB.Mr. Logan Bryan will hereafterpreside over the meetings of theNorth Middletown Commercial Club,the former president, Rev. JohnChristopherson having resigned thatoffice.Mr. Graham Young was elected tosucceed Mr. Bryan us vice-president.Before turning the office over to hissuccessor the retiring president delivered a short talk to the membersurging them to use every effort tokeep the Club going and to work together for the good and upbuildingof the community. North Middletown is becoming one of the mostprogressive communities in CentralKentucky, and the Commercial Club,under the able guidance of PresidentAMERICAN BATTLE LINEEUROPE KEPT SECRET.INTraining bases for Americantroops in France are ready for occupancy. They include aviation, artillery, infantry and medical bases.The section of the battle fronteventually to be occupied by theAmericans has been approved by Major General Pershing. The locationis a military secret and no actualtime has been specified for American participation in the fighting.The battalion of United Statessoldiers that took part in the Independence Day celebration has beguntraining at its permanent camp.mini 1 n 1 1 m 1 1The Success iofYour Doctor'sI Prescriptiondepends upon the skillof the druggist whocompounds it.We feel sure that weoffer the best prescription service in townand want a chance todemonstrate the superiority'of this service.Bring your next prescription to us and getthe best results fromyour physician's directions.4949ifM4!it4949999'944"'9a c,if T'Tinc: A. HendricKS.The soldiers who are doing guardduty here will be honor guests of theGirls' Honor Guard at a lawn partyto be given at the home of Mr. andMrs. Henry A. Power, near the intersection of the Lexington and Clintonville pikes, to-night.The Girls Honor Guard will meetin the county court room in thecourt house at 3:30 o'clock to-morrowafternoon. Miss Katherine McCann, of Lexington, State Organizerof the Guard, will be present, andwill have something interesting tosay. . , in nt oThe swimming ciass win mcc .the Y M. C. A. this (Tuesday) morning at ten o'clock to receive instruction from Miss Harriet Rogers, instructress in swimming for the girlsof the Honor Guard.. . f3 IS T3STOCK SALES.Mr Elmer Boardman sold eightyhead of 850-lb. feeding cattle to Mr.W. M. Jones at about $8.50 per hun-drcfaywood & McClintock. of Paris,shipped three carloads of cattle andone double-deck car of lambs to theCincinnati market Saturday.Clarke & Young, of near NorthMiddletown. shipned two carloads ofrattle William H. wnaiev suipuone car of catle and W. Ahomasonand Jas. D. Robbins, of NSrtn Middletown, shipped one carload each olhoes to the Cincinnati market Saturday. The stock all brought goodprices.ABANDONS UPS AND DOWNS.The ups and downs of life havedescended to a level ae JreWe Sadler, who has for a long timebeen conductor and engineer on thefast electric elevator in the First National Bank skyscraper.Mr. Sadler has resigned his position there and accepted a ob ' wthe Paris Gas & Electric Co. m thiscity Mr. Stanley Connors succeeds& the place vacated by Mr. Sadler.Both appear to be satisfied.. isia.- ,B0TJR MANSHIP CONTEST.Second honors in an individualmarkmanship contest held at PortRoval South Carolina, recently bymembers of the United States MarineHorns in training there, awarded to aParis boy. Mr. Bush Batterton.PaThe contest was on a difficult basis,at varying distances, with the regulation rifle, and was participated in by2 500 marines. Mr. Batterton is amember of Fifth Company B., FirstSISment. stationed at the MarineRn rracks in Port Koyai. nc ,Ser of County Attorney GeorgeBatterton, of Paris.IS pa Faa valuable aid in its further development.TS TS f3Tobacco Hail Insurance.Thomas, Woodford & Bryan.Hi IS E3LIGHTNING CAUSES $80,000 HREAT PADUCAH.Fire which destroyed the plant andstock of the Hardy Buggy Company,at Paducah, caused a total damage offrom $70,000 to $80,000. The fire issupposed to have been caused byliehtnine:.W. T. Hardy, president of the company, said the loss on stock and machinery was from $50,000 to $60,000,with $35,000 insurance. The buildings occupied by the company wereowned by the Scott estate, the losson them being about $20,000, covered by insurance.The fire spread to the Gardner CoalCompany, causing $1,500 damagethere.la ta laB-4 TIREInsure withW.O.HINTON &SON,Agtsim fe faSEVERE HAIL STORM DAMAGESGROWING UKUJrS.It is estimated that $500,000 damaee was done in Bartholomew county,Indiana, Saturday night to crops, gardens and buildings by a heavy Hailstorm that swept the country. Hundreds of wardens and crops were totally destroyed, thonsands of windows were broken m coiumous, tnecounty seat. In some .locations hailstones as big as marbles crashedthrough roofs and sk3rlights. Thestorm extended a distance of manymiles. The effect was felt in Kentucky and Southern Indiana by highwinds, heavy rains and coolerweatherDuring a hailstorm at Salyresville,Ky., hailstones three inches m aiame-ter DrOKG Wiuuuwa, uamascu xwrn,split fruit trees, destroyed corn andother crops and killed poultry.la la laBOURBON BABY'S PHOTO WINSHANDSOME lKli5i.The July number of the PhotoEra published at Boston, Mass., inthe interest of the photographicprofession, publishes a handsomehalf-tone reproduction of a fine photograph of Mrs. Stanhope Wiedemann and her handsome child whoreside at their country home, on theGeorgetown pike, near Paris.The picture is printed under thecaption of "The First Born," andwas awarded a handsome prize.In its comment on tne protraitBOURBON FARMING CONDITIONS.Farmers in this county have put ina good part of their time during thepast week of good weather gettingtheir crops in a good state of cultivation. Plowing corn and tobaccooni fhreshine: wheat have been thechief occupations. v The corn is unusually free from weeds, and is making the best stand of any in this tiernf nnimties. The nrosnect for a goodcrop is unusually good. Wheat andrye threshing will continue throughthe present week. Owners of threshotc are charging twenty-five cents abushel for wheat and thirty-five centsa bushel for rye. Many farmers willdo their own threshing.While rain was badly needed tobreak the drouth,' it is thought thatlittle permanent damage has beendone except in case of potatoes andgardens, which have suffered greatly.The growing crops present a very favorable outlook and with the rains ofthe past few days will make exceptionally good yields, in the generalopinion of the farmers.The corn is in especially good condition, and the tobacco plants appearto be thriving. Both crops have beenthoroughly worked during the pasttwn weeks. Oats have improvedsomewhat, and with the aid of the recent rains which came at the exacttime to save the crop, may make afair vield. Hemn is making a fairgrowth and the acreage in this county is reported as being mucn largerthan heretofore.Gardens are yielding their fruitsnow in large quantities, and the markets are being flooded with vegetables, which is having the desired effect on the high cost of living.Cattle are moving to the marketsin large numbers and are commanding good prices. Lambs are comingin rapidly, and the price has fallenoff somewhat from last week, the prevailing prices being around fourteencents, with the range from thirteen tosixteen cents per pound.la p PaSWIMMING CLASS AT "Y."Interest in the swimming classesfor women at the Y. M. C. A. continues unabated and the two hours'session held each Tuesday and Friday finds a large class present readyand anxious to receive instructionsin the art.At the last session thirteen newmembers were added to the class, asfollows: Dr. Martha Petree, Mrs. H.M. Hamilton, Mrs. John Yerkes, Mrs.Frank P. Kiser, Mrs. Luther Rice;Misses Rene Owens, Louise Connell,Soula Davis, Elizabeth Stuart Carter,Ollie Butler, Mary Louise Clendenin,Elizabeth Henry and Florence Ellis.ComingAttractionsPARIS GRAND AND ALAMOTUESDAYMaguerite Claytonand Jack Gardnerin"THENIGHTWORKERS"Produced by Essanay.Helen Holmes in the seventh episode ofThe Railroad RaidersAdmission 5 and 10cWEDNESDAY.Clara Kimball Young, in her bestproduction,"COMMON LAW"Everyone has read or heard of thisgreat Lewis J. Selznick play. Alamoafternoon, Grand evening. Lowerfloor and balcony 10c and 20c; gallery 5 and 10c.Alamo at night will be shown MaeMurray in, "ON RECORD." A Laskyproduction, with two Paramountcomedies.. THURSDAY.Rex Beach Picture Co. present"THE BARRIER"written by Rex Beach. A powerfulphoto drama of the last frontier.Alamo afternoon, Grand evening.Lower floor and balcony 10c and 20c;gallery 5c and lQc. Alamo eveningwill be shown Constance Palmadge in"Betsy's Burglar." Fine Arst production. Popular players in Triangle Comedy, "The Cave Man."IAT THEOLD PRICESMflRGOLEN'SBIG SPECIALFor Friday & SaturdayArk Laundry Soap i a3 bars for vCClean Easy Soap qper barBest Double Dip Matches rper box CBest Flour $7 aaper 100 pounds $I.UUBest Flour do caper 48 pounds V o.o3Best Flour dj-i nrper 2-4 pounds $liOLOST.At the L. & N. Tenth Street passenger station in Paris, or on thestreets of Paris, a silver mesh bagcontaining two tickets to Maysville,dt-ring, a photo of a young girl, and$2 in currency. Finder please returnto this office and receive reward.Country Bacon25c lb.Pure Hog Lard at23c lb.Sliced Picnic Ham at30c lb.Best Sirloin Steak, per lb 25cBest Roast, per lb 22 l-2cPork Chops, per lb 25cPork Roast, per lb 25cPlate Roast, per lb 17 l-2cIt Pays to Deal At TheBusyBeeCashStoreMflRGOLEN'SSanitary Meat MarketSPECIALthe Photo-Era says:'The FirstI Brooks &Snappi:Drug tompanyThe KNSLARfmiHHHHHMStertWITH THE NORTHWESTERNMr. Thomas K. Smith, formerlyCashier in the office of the BourbonHome Telephone Company, m tniscity, has assumed the duties of hisnew position as Cashier in the officeof Mr. Roy F. Clendenin, AssociateGeneral Agent for tne jNormwcouMutual "Life Insurance Company.Mr. Smith was inducted into officeby Miss Lyons, the chief clerk in theNortwestern's Louisville office.UNION SERVICES.The union services of the Protestant churches of Paris, which begantwo weeks ago at the Methodi3tchurch, with-Rev. J. J. Rice, of thePresbyterian church, in the pulpit,will continue through July. The service Sunday evening was held at theBaptist church at 7:30 o'clock. Rev.)Sadler, of the Methodist church,preached an impressive sermon on thesubject, "The jOld an The New."Born,' is by a very competent professional portraits, as a groupportrait, pure and simple, is appear?above reproach, refinement andgrace in the arrangement being likewise in pleasing evidence. As awhole, this intimate family groupappears to be a brilliant technicalsuccess."m s fcaAUTO IICENSES GRANTED.Of Straw Hats and UnderwearWEDNESDAY, THURSDAY, FRIDAY, SATURDAYJULY 18th, 19th, 20th, 21stOn the above dates we will offer STRAW HATS ATHALF PRICE. Every hat is this season's styles, coming inthe new Alpine shapes and Yacht shapes. Newest braidsin all shapes.$5.00STRAW HATS$2.50$4.00STRAW HATS$2.00! SPECIAL SALE OF UNDERWEARThe following license numberswere granted and assigned to Bourbon county auto owners last week byCommissioner of Motor "VehiclesByars, at Frankfort:T. H. Gleason, Paris, Chevrolet,35593; Clarence Wright, Paris, Ford,35625; J. R. Fisher, Paris, Ford,35729; H. C. Cay wood, North Middletown, Cadillac, 35742; ClarenceWhaley, Paris, Ford, 35836? LizzieH. Miller, Millersburg, Buick, 35975;Sara Daniels, Paris, Chevrolet,36075: Tilford Burnett. Pari n.harrirolet, 36083; A. C. Rowland, Ford, IOOU99.$2.50STRAW HATS$1.25$2.00STRAW HATS$1.00$3.00STRAW HATS$1.50$1.50STRAW HATS75cAs an extra special for the above dates we will offer Underwear at the fallowing special prices: All Union Suits and Separate Garment Underwear inshort and long lengths.Worth $1.00, for 89cR. PWALSHMain and 7th ONE PRICE STORE Paris, Ky.'4h2at1kA-V' A - - ""- """V ' 'l"1v, .TUESDAY, JULY 17, 1917.THE BOURBON NEWS, PARIS, KY.PAGEITV1V ft VCiSOCIAL AND PERSONAL.FOR THE BESTNOTHING ELSEComings and Goings of OurPeople Here, There andElsewhere.Tobacco Hail Insurance.Thomas, Woodford & Bryan.si ei iLABOR BUREAU A SUCCESS.THAT DAM QUESTION.The Labor Bureau is serving thepurpose for which it was organized.All kinds of employment, from cookto clerk, are being sought throughthe office of this Bureau.IS IS ISAUTO SALES.The Mammoth Motor Car Co. ofLexington, reports sales last week ofa four-cylinder roadster to Mr. J.S. McClannahan, of Bourbon county,and a six-cylinder touring car to Mr.Harry Baldwin, of Paris.IS Pa ISJOIN THE ARMY OP COOL DRESSERS The regulation uniform is ourPalm Beach and Cool Cloth suits.J. W. DAVIS & CO.IS IS ISBILL'S ALWAYS BEEN "A GOODSCOUT.""Uncle Bill" Schooler, editor of theSomerset News, has been chosenscoutmaster of the SomersetBoy Scouts. He will makea good one. "Uncle Bill" has donea lot of scouting over the country inhis younger days.is a aPOSITIVE SALE.Read the advertisement of the WR. Scott sale in this issue of THEBOURBON NEWS. Positive sale.(13-3t)la is aTOBACCOHail Insurance.ROXIE DAVISris Es isENLISTS IN NAVY.Mr. Clarence Curran, of Paris, sonof Mr. and Mrs. E. M. Curran, ofCynthiana, passed a successful examination for admission to the United States Navy, and was sent to theNaval Training Station at Norfolk.Virginia.IS ?S ISWILL PROBATED.The last will and testament ofMrs. Lutie Fowler Thompson, formely of Paris, who died suddenly inLexington last week, was admittedto probate in the Fayette CountyCourt, Friday. The instrument,which bore date of August 30, 1916,bequeaths all her property to herhusband, Mr. Steele Thompson.IS fe ISBUYS PARIS HOME.Mrs. Lawrence Welch, of Lexington, purchased of Miss Fannie Ingels.through the Paris Realty Co., the lotand two-story house at the corner ofFifteenth and High streets at a private price. Mrs. Welch will move to'the home and occupy it jointly withher son-in-law and daughter, Mr. andMrs. James Shea, of Paris.tes te E5BLACKBERRIES AND PEACHESPOR CANNING.Call 207 if you want either Blackberries or Peaches for canning purposes. (It) - C. P. COOK & CO.IS IS ISBUY NOW AND SAVE MONEY.During the balance of July we aregoing to give our customers the benefit of a 20 per cent, discount on allKitchen Cabinets and Oil Stoves.This is a big saying and a rarechance for those who will take advantage of this liberal offer. ComeTO-DAY and get the pick.A. F. WHEELER & CO.m ioi mCHOSEN DIRECTORS.At a recent meeting of the stockholders of the Nicholas Farmers'Warehouse Company, at Carlisle, thefollowing derictors were elected:C. H. Dalzell, of Bourbon county;B. T. Wright, of Bath county; EveGifford, of Robertson county; and W.E. Kennedy, Henry Reed, Harry Letton, F. C. Taylor and F. M. Rankin,of Nicholas county.IS ISSPECIAL REGISTRATION ON SAT- URDAY, JULY 21.i Miss Fannie Loth, of Cincinnati,(is visiting her aunt, Mrs. Gus Marl golen.Mrs. White Varden, of Paris, wasa guest of Mrs. Rufus Lisle, in Winchester, last week.Miss Susie Arnold, guest of Mrs.J. jd. Larkin, has returned to herhome in Covington.Miss Mary Ellis has returnedfrom a visit to friends in Cynthiana,accompanied by Miss Sara Curie.Hon. R. C. Talbott is in Bostonon legal business, and will be absentfrom his office for about ten days. 'Miss Ruby Jane Huston, sisterof Mrs. Spears Moore, is a guest offriends and relatives near Georgetown. Former Congressman D. C. Edwards and son, of London, Ky., werelecent guests of Mr. and Mrs. T. T.Templin.Mrs. B. R. Gertig and Mrs. Wm.Clarke, of Cincinnati, are the veryattractive guests at the home of Dr.W. C. Ussery.Misses Mary Clay and SallieLockhart returned Saturday morningfrom a visit in Connecticut and otherEastern States.Miss Lillian Dejarnette has reurned from Danville, accompanied byMiss Anna Price, of that city, whowill be her guest.Miss Jeannette Bliss has returned to her home in Newport after aweek-end visit to Mr. and Mrs. J. W.Bacon, on Cypress street.Miss Bessie Lowry has returnedto her home in Lexington, after avisit to her sister, Mrs. Clifton Arnsparger, on Duncan avenue.Mr. and Mrs. Gilbert Lytle spentSunday and Sunday night with Mr.and Mrs. Brooks Dodson, in Frankfort, returning Monday morning.Mr. Preston White is at CampDaniel Boone, the Y. M. C. A. Campon the Kentucky River, to spend aweek with the Bourbon county boysthere.Dr. and Mrs. David Fox, whohave been guests of Miss Hazel Wollstein, at her home on Pleasant street,have returned to Huntington, W.Virginia.Mr. J. Simms Wilson left lastFriday for an inspection trip to hisbusiness properties and real estateholdings in and around Pensacola,Oklahoma.Dr. Chas G. Daugherty, who waspainfully burned some time ago by an.explosion of natural gas in his newhome on Pleasant street, is recovering and will soon be able to resumehis practice.Miss Anna Louise White, ofParis, and Miss Martha Tharp, of Mt.Sterling, are guests of Miss AnnaBelle Hall, in Maysville. Miss Hallwill return home with them tor aweek-end visit.A jolly party composed of Mr.and Mrs. B. R. Gertig, Mr. and Mrs.Wm. Clarke, and Jack Covington, ofCincinnati, Misses Martha Fergusonand Dorcas Ussery and Mr. HughFerguson, motored to Boonesboro andreturn Sunday.There was a large crowd fromParis at the Boonesboro bathingbeach Sunday, as usual. This is becoming one of the most popular resorts in Kentucky, and is well deserving of the patronage it enjoys.Mr. Roy F. Clendenin, AssociateGeneral Agent of the NorthwesternMutual Life Association, accompaniedby Mr. E. T. Proctor, of Maysville, isin Milwaukee, Wisconsin, attendingthe annual meeting of the Agents Association at the home office of thecompany.Messrs. Wm. Clarks and B. R.Gertig and Jack Covington, of Cincinnati, motored through from theQueen City and were guests fromSaturday till Monday at the home ofDr. W. C. Ussery. Mr. Thos. C.Scott, of Kokomo, Ind., is also a visitor att he Ussery home.Misses Matilda James and Elizabeth Brown, of Paris, attended thedance given at the Country Club, atFrankfort, Friday night, by MissElise Kidd, in compliment to herguest, Miss Augusta Glass, of Washnigton, D. C. Mr. Jo. Davis, of Paris,was on the receiving line.Mrs. Robert Ferguson entertained delightfully at bridge on Saturday in' honor of Mrs. Wm. Clark andMrs. B. R. Gertig, of Cincinnati,There were five tables of guests present and a pretty party indeed wasenjoyed. Two beautiful prizes weregiven, a vase and basket, which werewon by the guests of honor. MissDorcas Usery also entertained at theSweet Shop yesterday afternoon withauction bridge in honor of her houseguests, Mesdames Clark and Gertig.Saturday, July 21, will be specialregistration day for voters who havemoved from one precinct to another,who have become of age since thelast registration, or persons whohave since the last registration beenin the state one year or in the countysix months. Voters who want totake part in the August primary, orin the regular election in Novembershould take notice of this special registration.is IS ISMOTHERS. READ!Fast colored wash suits for boys, 3to 8 years prices $1.50 to $2.50.J. W. DAVIS & CO.IBS 51 feWORK GOES MERRILY ON.Thirty-eight garments for RedCross supply work were completedlast week at the sewing rooms of theRed Cross Chapter by the membersof the Christian church. Additionalmaterial has been furnished theworkers by the Red Cross Society,and the supplies to be made up willnnmnHsp sheets, uillow cases, washcloths, covers for ice bags and hotwater bags and other hospital supplies. The Philatha Class of the BaptistSunday school, Mrs. W. O. Hinton,teacher, sewed .at the Red Crossrooms Friday. The members of theParte LiUrary Club will have chargeof the sewing to-day.(Other Personals on Page 3.)The matter of replacing the antiquated and dilapidated dam acrossStoner Creek at the Paris MillingCo.'s plant is still in abeyance, withchances of it remaining so.Some of the corporate interestsconcerned are in favor of replacingthe old dam with a modern up-to-dateconcrete structure, while othersthink repairs to the old dam wouldbe sufficient for the present. Civilengineers sometime ago made surveys, measurements and deep soundings with a view of ascertaining theprobable cost of a concrete dam, butthe matter remains in statu quo.At a recent meeting of the CityCouncil City Attorney W. H. Whitleywas instructed by the Council tonotify the Paris Water Company thatthe construction of a new dam acrossStoner Creek immediately was absolutely necessary in order that a sufficient supply of water to meet the requirements of the city and the watercompany's customers might be conserved.So there you .are! The water willbe dammed if it isn't, and is boundto be dammed if it is.Q ISGET INTO THE SWIM.All-wool bathing suits that don'tshrink, $4, $5, $6. Cotton bathingsuits, 75c, $1.00, $1.50.J. W. DAVIS & CO.IS fePROMPT PAYMENT OP INSUR-SURANCE.Mr. H. C. Henson, of Paris, District Deputy Head Consul of theModern Woodmen of America, onFriday, delivered to Mrs. Jack Woodsa benefit fund order for $2,000,which represented the insurance carried in that order by her deceasedhusband, Councilman Jack Woods.Mr. Woods had carried the insurancesince 1903 at a cost of $2.40 permonth.Green Peas Green BeansHead Lettuce TomatoesCucumbers OkraEgg Plant CymlinsBlackberriesPeachesWatermelons CanteloupesCelerySTEAKS CHOPSROASTSFresh Rolls Fresh BreadFresh CakesEvery DayWILMOTHGrocery Co.Phone 376White EnamelPorcelainWeather -ProofKNITTING POR THE NAVY A REqUEST. The ladies who are knitting for thenaw niv ren nested to send all the finished work and bits of left-over yarnto Mrs. Frederick A. Wallis, 616Pleasant street, in Paris, by Friday,.Tnlv 20.There will be an exhibit of the garments for the navy and the infantclothes and fracture pillows for theFrench Relief at the residence of Mrs.Thomas Henry Clay, Sr., 616 Pleasant street, on Saturday afternoon,July 21, from three to six o'clock.All who are interested in thiswork are cordially invited to seethese articles before they are shipped.la Id isTHE WEATHER.The weather forecast for the weekbeginning Sunday, July 15, as sentout by the U. S. Weather Bureauat Washington, is as follows.For Ohio Valley and Tennessee:Fair, nearly normal temperature early in the week. Moderate rise ia,cui.Tsi m ?sBUYS HOME IN GEORGETOWNMr. Geow. Smith, of BourbonCounty, purchased Friday of B. W.Summers & Son, ot Georgetown, aneight-room cottage on Clajton avenue, in that city. Mr. Smith willmove to the property in September.HouseHunbersMade to OrderiiysC. A. DaughertyParis, KentuckySIMON'S JUL? CLEARANCE SALENOW GOING ONWe are more than elated over this Clearance, because it meets the needs ofthe day for saving and service so admirably. Offerings like these at this time areso unusual the supremacy of values will be instantly approved. Come and beconvinced.July Clearance ofMillineryTremendous reductions in- this department.All our Trimmed Hats atLESS THAN HALE PRICE!Clearance Specials in sHANDKERCHIEFSLadies' 5c Handkerchiefs. . .Ladies' 10c HandkerchiefsLadies' 15c Handkerchiefs.Ladies' 20c HandkerchiefsLadies' 25c Handkerchiefs...2c..4c..8c12c19c.Women's Handsome Tailored SuitsLadies' $15.00 Suits at.Ladies' 20.00 Suits at,$7.50 I Ladies' $25.00 Suits at$9.95 I Ladies' $30.00 Suits at$12.50$14;50Women's Summer Dresses$6.50 and $7.50 Dresses at $4.75$10.00 Dresses at $7.75$15.00 Dresses at $ 1 1 .98$45.00 Dresses at$20.00 Dresses at$25.00 Dresses at$30.00 Dresses at$29,50$15.75$19.7$24.50Clearance Specials in CoatsLadies' $7.50 Coats at $4.99Ladies' $10.00 Coats at $6.98Ladies' $15.00 Coats at $9.98Ladies' $20.00 Coats at $12.50Ladies' $25.00 Coats at $19t75Clearance Specials in SilkSweaters.Misses' and Ladies' $10.00Silk Sweaters at $7.50Misses' and Ladies' $12.50Silk Sweaters at $998THIS SALE IS STRICTLY GUSHStore Closes at 5 P. ML Except SaturdayClearance Specials inMuslinWear75c Muslin Gowns at 59c$1.00 Muslin Gowns at 79c$1.50 Muslin Gowns at 98c$2.00 Muslin Gowns at $1,39$2.50 Muslin Gowns at $1.6935c Muslin Pants at 29c50c Muslin Pants at 39c$1.00 Muslin Pants at 79c$1.25 and $1.50 Muslin Skirts at 98c$3.00 Muslin Skirts at $1.48$2.50 Muslin Skirts at $1.9850c Corset Covers at 39c75c Corset Covers at 59c$1.00 Corset Covers at , 79c$1. 50 Corset Covers at $1,19Princess Slips and Combination Suits at Half Price.$1.00 values at . . .50c $2.00 values at. .$1-00$1.50 values at. . . .75c $2.50 values at. .$1.25$3.00 values at $1.50HARRY SIMONThe Store with One Price to Everybody.KaltexPorch Furniture!You Wish YOUR PORCH to Look the BEST. KALTEXFURNITURE Will Accomplish This For You.We have at last received this line of Chairs and Swings in the beautifulBaronial Brown. Every piece is practically indestructible, as every one is built onwire and the joints reinforced with steel braces. We show you one pattern here,but have many in stock to show you.Porch and Lawn Swings, RefrigeratorsMi i " ' """ " ' ' 'jyjeaiifei 7'.SidJulillilllJI ' S5EMEE-c 3mE . i ts i J(l llll ill) R ' fyJlBm . m 'llmmmmlZfL EPPpFr TPr rnJetdilatorfi . fm ' g3Sr E IiCoolinqr - ry Fl7 "t ;BMESHB&VurtOf Invfnllorj nd Palgnl.lJPBKDJTEniVVzPFPSPm'tVudor Porch Shades are the Best!THEJ.T.HINTONCO.MOTOR HEARSEMOTOR INVALID COACHUNDERTAKING"EITHERPHONE" 36SIXTH AND MAIN STS.,11K'TdypLVTHE BOURBON NEWS, PARIS, -KY.TUESDAY, JULY 17, 1117,FOUNDFound, on my farm near the, County Infirmary about July 1, one Cincinnati Man Tells How to Shrivel "There seems to he a theory ramlarge hog. Owner can obtain his or Up Corns or Callouses So They pant," said H. M. Bacon, of Akron.Iter property by proving same and Lift Off With Fingers. sales Manager of the Diamond Rub-paying charges of keep and advertis-,ing.ROY ENDICOTT,Cumb. Phone 123,Millersburg Ex.LOSTEither on the Chautauqua ground-5qr on the streets, in the vicinity, Saturday, an opal set from a fingerring. Highly valued as a souvenir.-Tinder will be suitable rewarded byleaving at this office. (10-tf)FOR SALEAll kinds of second-hand furniture; gas and coal ranges; hot waterheaters; refrigerators, ice boxes, etc.One single wardrobe.Call and examine the stock. Cumberland phone 1056.FOREST THOMAS,(10-3t-pd) opp. Court House.For Sale.Several used automobiles.These jcars are all in good condition and canspace for tlie exit can be secured.be bought right for cash.DICKERSON & DOUGLAS GARAGE.(3-tf)FOR SALEA good 6-year-old gelding. Good you one of them? Mrs. M. R. Searl,driver, perfectly gentle, not afraid of Baldwinsville, N. Y., relates her exanything. Will stand without hitch- perience in the use of these tablets:Ing. Can be bought at a bargain, j "I had a bad spell with my stomachE. M. WHEELER, about six months ago, and was(22-tf) Eighth and Main, Paris, Ky. ! troubled for two or three weeks withi gas and severe pains in the pit ofWool Wanted.We are in the market for your wool.Get your sacks at the IndependentTobacco Warehouse.(1-tf) CLARK & YOUNG.OLD BRICK FOR SALEFifteen thousand old brick, partof the old Presbyterian Church, forsale on the building lot.BUILDING COMMITTEE,Presbyterian Church.Man Wanted!Very little spare time required toearn BIG PAY. Easy, pleasant work.Waiting applications, collecting renewable premiums sick, accidentinsurance.D. ADNA BROWN,106 S. Fourth St., Philadelphia, Pa.Scrap Iron Wanted.I am paying fifty cents per hundredfor all kinds of scrap iron. Not lessthan 1,000 pounds. This material canbe weighed at any city scales. This ito be relivered to the cars on the Loulsville & Nashville tracks, oppositthe freight depot.Call us over the Cumberland 'phon347-J.MAX MUNICH,Eighth Street, Paris, Ky.(otM-lyr)Public Sale!DESIRABLE MAIN STREET RESIDENCE -SATURDAY, JULY 21, 1917,- At 2:30 P. M., O'clock.We, as Agents for W. R. Scott, willsell at Public Auction on the abovedate, on the premises, his handsome2-story frame residence, situated onMain Street, between Twelfth andThirteenth Streets. House containseight rooms, two porches, presses,bath complete, gas, cellar; cistern,large garden and garage. Lot, 54x237 feetThis is a splendid opportunity tosecure a handsome home, situated inone-of the best resident districts ofParis, close to churches and schoolsand convenient down-town.Positive sale. 'TERMS Easy and made known onday of sale.For -particulars call on the undersigned, who will take pleasure inshowing property.HARRIS & SPEAKES.(13-3t) 'Automobile Hearse or Ambulance!I desire to announce to our friends that I can, wheredesired, furnish an automobile hearse or ambulance. Th is"method of tranipertation is especially desired on long trip s,the iibeibeiirmade in better' time, and at no advance inxost over the horse-drawn conveyance.QKOi Wv DAVIS, Funeral Director.AND PIN ONDRESSER.WIFE'SOuch !?!?!! This kind orrough talk will be heard less here in, town if people troubled wim corns,; will follow the simple advice of thisCincinnati authority, who claimsthat a few drops of a drug calledfreezone when applied to a tendei,(aching corn or hardened callous stopssoreness at once, and soon the cornor canous ones up u-uu uu, &u'without pam. .. . .He says Freezone dries immediatelyand never inflames or even ",Lilts &U11UUUU1U& s,lm' -" "tie of Freezone will cost very littleat any drug store, but will positivefyremove every hard or soft corn orcallous from one's feet. Millions ofAmerican women will welcome thisannouncement since -the inauguration of the high heels. If your druggist doesn't have Freezone tell himto order a small bottle for you.(adv)IS IS E3COHEN MADE TREASURER.itTnt O Pnlion rnniTmceinnpr nfAgriculture, has been elected Treas- jurer of the $3,000 fund for the Kentucky exhibit at the Southern StatesExpostition to be held in New York,October 13 to 20. It will be neces-sary to raise this amount before floor3 fe E3ARE YOU ONE OE THEM?There are a great many peopleI who would be very much benefitedjby taking Chamberlain's Tablets fora weak and disordered stomach. Aremy stomach. Our druggist advisedme to take Chamberlian's Tablets.I took a bottle home and the firstdose relieved me wonderfully, and Ikept on taking them until I wascured." These tablets do not relievepain, but after the pain has been relieved may prevent its recurrence.(adv-july)BLUE GRASS PAIR TO BE HELDAUfcrUST b-11.Two hundred and eleven live stockrings, of which one-half will b-3horses of various classes will beshown at the Blue Grass Pair, Lexington, this year. The value of premiums offered for these rings is approximately $15,000 and in additionseveral thousand dollars will be givenin purses for the three running racesdaily and at least one light harnessrace each day. The Blue Grass Fairthis year for the first time in manyyears has inaugurated, a farm andgarden exhibit and offers premiumsaggregating 1,000 for the finest display of vegetables and field grain andseed. Many of the rings in this department are said to be the richestin America and the generous premium list will undoubtedly attractthe finest exhibit of vegetables andfarm products ever held in Kentucky.Reduced railroad fares will begranted to Lexington for the occasion. The fair will be held for oneweek, beginning Monday, Aug. 6.1E3 fe !gCHAMBERLAIN'S COLIC AND DIARRHOEA REMEDY.Now is the time to buy a bottle ofthis remedy so as to be prepared incase that any one of your familyshould have an attack of colic ordiarrhoea during the summer months.It is worth a hundred times its costwhen needed.(adv-july)Farms For Sale!Write for full description of finelimestone farm of 125 acres a-milefrom good railroad town and firstgrade school. Price, $100 per acre.Also have others. --S. J. JONES,(13-3t) Harmersville, Ohio.CABAL BROS.BARBER SHOPPrompt andCourteousPatrons.Attention tcHOT AND COLD BATHS.PILESr PILES! PILES!WILLIAMS' INDIAN PILE OINTMENTWill cure Blind, Bleeding and Itching Piles.It absorbs the tumors, allays itching at once,sets as poultice, fires instant relief.For b1 by U druggists, mail Sfe and $1.00.GBERDORFER, The DruggistCUP THISDON'T LET YOUR TIRES DOWN INHOT WEATHER.ber Company, Inc., "that in hotwether the ai'r in a tire expands somuch that in order to avoid the dangerg Qf over.inflation, some air shouldbe Jet Qut and the pressure reducedat the beginning of a day,s runTire men aR oyer the country aretrying tQ teach thQ faUacy Qf tWgtheory Tires should be pumped upfc ag hard in the summer time ain winter. The reasons are simpleand eagily explained"Diamond Factory Test Cars havemnrlfk PYhniierivo o-vnoTMrnono r In(termine the proper amount of inflation for tires at all seasons of theyear. They found that even on thehottest days, when a speed of thirty, to forty miles an hour was maintainjed for several hours, that the pressjure in a tire increased one 2. Thisis an extreme condition, probablyseldom duplicated by any motorist inthe ordinary use of his car. This extra 2 pressure is so small that itis entirely negligible.V AT- -11 -I J IB Jvy" " "lucl uauui lL "1M -slightly deflated, anticipating an increase in pressure, they aer liable tobe seriously injured. Hot sun and'hot pavements then have anotherparty to the conspiracy to destroythem. The flexing of the tire theconstant bending back and forthproduces international friction,which heats up a tire to the pointwhere the rubber gets soft. A tire inthis condition invites tread separation, injury from stone burises, andconstant blowouts."But if' the tire is kept inflated,it will have one less enemy to fightin hot weather. My advice, which, Ithink, coincides with the advice ofevery other experienced tire man, is:'Keep your tires pumped up hard allsummer. Don't give them a chanceto let down.' "Ea Ea EaKENTUCKY NATIONAL GUARDMAY CAMP IN TEXAS.The Kentucky national guard willbe sent to a camp in Texas for falland perhaps winter training, according to information obtained at theWar Department at Washington, Friday. This is the tentaive program andthe only hitch in the arrangement-;may come through a revision of theprogram by the War College, whichhas the last say in the matter. Threenational guard camps are to be established in Texas, one at Ft. Worth,one at Waco and the other at Houston. It was reported some time agothat the Inidana and Kentucky najtional guard would be sent to a campat Annison, Ala. From any one ofthe Texas camps transportation couldbe arranged to France by way of theGulf of Meico.TQ S !E3CLEAN LIVING WITH SANITARYSURROUNDINGS.It is a remarkable fact that manyof the physicians at the sanitoria ofthe country have -vhat are termed"arrested cases" of tuberculosis, preferring to call them that than curedcases, because the disease is liabloto recur from the original causes,unless a rule of life is adopted thatwill- prevent further trouble. Thesedoctors know that vigilance is tlioprice of health, as it is of liberty,and avoid contaminating conditions,excesses, dissipation and over exertion, while never neglecting tobreathe all the fresh air possible,observe cleanliness of person and surrounding and spend as much time inthe open air as they can. Send toDr. W L. Heizer, Secretary of theTuberculosis Commission, Frankfort,for pamphlet giving the rules thathave been found by experience toprevent tuberculosis infection andthe proper -method of dealing withthe disease after it develops.8 Wl 1ftUP IN THE AIR.The difficulties of rooting out theGerman spy system, which exists, undoubtedly, in Washington, are appreciable. There is no disposition onour part to belittle them or to criticise the federal government for itsfailure, up to this time, to execute aGerman spy.The Germans planted their spysystem and perfected it while Countvon Bernstorff was in Washington.It is made up of men as fearless ofdetection and death as the hardy Germans who put to sta in submarinesto risk the horrors of death fromsuffocation in a disabled U-boat.The electrocution of a dozen of themwould not have a profound effectiupon the morale of the system, but itwould hearten Americans, who arevery much up in the air about theevident smooth-working bureau ofconfidential intelligence which Germany has in operation within theshadow of the American capitol.l 1 tCAUSE OF DESPONDENCY.Despondency is often, caused byindigestion and constipation; andquickly disappears when Chamberlain's Tablets are taken. These tablets strengthen the digestion andmove the bowels.(adv-july)If you think a Paris girl isn'tstrong, try to get the topx off a fruitjar after one of thefal members ofthe canning club has put it on astight as she wants it.- ,v -'GAINS 16 POUNDSAND FEELS FIE"I Was Run Down For YearsBefore I Took Teniae"TIRED FEELING ALL GONE"I .feel fine now, and since I havebeen eating right I have gained 16pounds," said Mrs. Sam Antle of Lebanon, "and it's all due to Tanlac."I was in a weak, run down condition for several years. Food souredafter I ate it. Gas formed after meals,and I felt bloated and uncomfortable.It's no wonder I didn't have much ofan appetite."I was nervous and irritable most ofthe time, and I didn't sleep soundly.I got up feeling all worn out and keptsaying all day long, 'I feel so tired.'Finally I tried Tanlac, and before Ihad finished the first bottle I knewthat it was helping me. I now hare abetter appetite than I ever had before.I sleep soundly and get up feeling rested and refreshed. I weigh 1G poundsmore than I ever did before. I thinkTanlac is the best tonic I ever took."Tanlac is made of robts, barks andherbs and is especially designed tobuild up run down people. It bringsback the appetite, tones up the stomach and promoter, restful, refreshingsleep.Tanlac can now be bought her-efrom Varden & Son.ANOTHER ON THE LIST.The Bracken Chronicle, of Augusta, has installed a linotype machine and is now getting out theirpaper in the modern way. This isone of the most progressive weekliesin the Ohio River , section of theState and the people of Brackencounty should appreciate the effortsof the editors and managers in giving them a first class county newspaper. IS 1 PaCATARRHAL DEAPNESS CANNOTBE CUREDby local applications, as they cannotreach the diseased portion of the ear.There is only one way to cure catarrhal deafness, and that is by constitutional remedy. Catarrhal deafness is caused by an inflamed condition of the mucous lining of theEustachian Tube. When the tube isinflamed you have a rumbling: soundor imperfect hearing, and when it isjentirely closed, deafness is the result.Unless the inflammation can bereduced and this tube restored to itsnormal condition, hearing will bedestroyed forever. Many cases ofdeafness are caused by catarrh, whichis an inflamed condition of the mucous surfaces. Hall's Catarrh Medicine acts through the blood on themucous surfaces of the system.We give One Hundred Dollars forany case of Catarrhal Deafness thatcannot be cured by Hall's CatarrhMedicine. Circulars free. All Druggists, 75c.' F. J. CHENEY & CO.,Toledo, Ohio.(adv-july)Dr. Fritz says he will "proceeddifferently the next time." He oughtto get down on his knees and give.thanks that he lives in a countrywhere such a thing as "the nexttime" is possible.m$1.50TO 'Cincinnatiand ReturnOn Special Sunday Excursion onSunday, July 22Special train leaves Paris 8:20a. m., arriving in Cincinnati at10:30 a. m.Returning leaves Cincinnati(4th Street Station) at 7 p. m.W. V. SHAW, Agent.W. R. CLINKENBEARD, T. A.Professional Cards.DR. WM. KENNEYEye, Ear, Nose and Throat.ROOMS 403-404.FIRST NAT'L BANK BUILDING.PHONE 131.WM. GRANNAN 1AUrneyit-LiwROOMS 401-402. 'v triX MATH AUVxBIIII niMApFfiyjiVWe Know You'll WonderHow We Do ItBut how or why shouldn't matter. The talk of the town:Palm Beach Suits(the genuine article) in all colors and atyles, 8.50 to$10.00 values, going atYou'll have to hurry, because they're going fast.SURPRISE SPECIAL No. 2All Our $2.00 and $2.50 Straw Hats $1 ATIfor men, your choice P tJSee our windows, then hurry injwhile the pickiag is good.TWIINBROS.Clothing and Shoe Dept.i4ii'ji'I''I'il''IiiI'l''I'''I''i'lMl..i....i..n.i.iH...n..i.ii..i.....4i..t.n, 1 1 .SPECIAL!Ladies' Black Kid, WhiteKid TopLadies' Brown Kid, WhiteKid Top$55Regular $8.00 ValuesWe have about 30 pairs of bothwhich we are closing? out. Comewhile we have your size.HARRY1 1' ! l'-M"KKM"I"Ki"M' 'M"l' !! H- H-M"M' HH IOPPORTUNITY!Mr. R. F. Clendenin, Associate General Agent forthe Northwestern Mutual Life Insurance Company, inone day recently, sold $100,000 worth of life insuranceover local and long distance lines of the Home TelephoneCompany and beca use of such an amount of businessaccumulated in one day, he divides the honors with usfor the efficient telephone service rendered. This is asplendid record for both Telephone and Insurance Companies. Mr. Clendenin says; "The service I get from yourCompany is all that I could ask, and on the closing dayof my campaign I used it with wonderful success." 'Such an opportunity in facilitating business shouldbe grasped by. the public in general in employing co-operation-,efficiency and confidence.Pans Home Telephone 8 Telegraph Co.(Incorporated)J. J. VEATCH, District Manager.W. H. CANNON. THOMAS K.ProtectYour EyesFrom the heat and dust withour Goggles and Shades!'iaaaaLiiiiOTWe have a complete assortment. Don't triflewith .your eyesight. Itis the most valuablegift of nature. For firstclass- service, see usWe Fit Where' Others FailFRYE & FRANKLINL. Wollstein, PropWashableWashableLINVILLESMITH.Cashier.y.WSS9;rftcacg5-i?i&Ke5S jk&.Joycomplete?'ovmnittitmssm.M Z y77,'TY. S J ' 1 I liv.jmpvmTHERE'S a heap of joyin a ton of good coal.Your stove or furnacewon't have much troublefrom extracting comfortfrdm a ton of coal if youbuy it f roni us. Our rapiddelivery will please you.-W.C.D0DS0NSmith Main St..4The Hitm '.GctMfriT'CashHvuKLhh ,:Si, --'J?.SvSJJRpTUESDAY, JULY 17, 1917.VHB BOURBON NEWS, PARIS, KIT.fLtiii.frvrs. -A4rWRTilERFBBBKSsBH ' 6-'MbbbHbbTjHSK BSERGEANT McCLINTOCK.No. 2. The BombRaidBy Sergeaat Alexander McClintock,D. C. M.( 87th Overseas BatU,Canadian Gren. Guards.Copyright, 1917, by the Bell Syndicate, Inc.Sergeant McClintock is an Americanboy of Lexington, Ky., who has seenservice in France, teas decorated forbravery, wounded, invalided home andnow is returning to accept a commission. This is the second article in thescries. In the first article he described his training up to the point where Ihe reached the front line trenches.WHEN we took our position in thefront line trenches in' Belgiumwe relieved the Twenty-sixthCanadian battalion. Scouts from thatorganization came back to the villagesof Dinkiebusch and Renninghelst totell us how glad they were to see usand to show us the way in. As weproceeded overland, before reachingthe communication trenches at thefront, these scouts paid us the hospitable attention due strangers that is,one of them, leading a platoon, wouldsay:"Next 200 yards in machine gunrange. Keep quiet, don't run and beready to drop quick if you are warned."There was one scout to each platoon,and we followed him single file, mostof the time along roads or well wornpaths, but sometimes through thicketsand ragged fields. Every now and thenthe scout would yell at us to drop,and down we'd go on our stomachs,while away off in the distalice wecould hear the "put-put" of machineguns, the first sound of hostile firingthat had ever reached our ears."It's all right," said the scout"They haven't seen us or got track ofus. They're just firing on suspicion."Nevertheless, when our various platoons had all got into the front reservetrenches, at about two hours after midnight, we learned that the first bloodof our battalion had been spilled. Twomen had been wounded, though neitherfatally. Our own stretcher bearerstook our wounded back to the fieldhospital at Dinkiebusch. The men ofthe Twenty-sixth battalion spent therest of the night instructing us andthen left us to hold the position. Wewere as nervous as a lot of cats, andit seemed to me that the Germansmust certainly know that they couldcome over and walk right through us,but outside of a few casualties fromsniping, such as the one that befellthe Fourteenth platoon man, which Ihave told about, nothing very alarminghappened the first day and night, andby that time we had got steady on ourjob. "VVe held the position for twentysix days, which is the longest periodthat any "Canadian or British organization has ever remained in a front linetrench.In none of the stories I've read haveI ever seen trench fighting as it wascarried on in Belgium adequately described. You see, you can't get muchof an idea about a thing like that making a quick tour of the trenches underofficial direction and escort as thenewspaper and magazine writers do.I couldn't undertake to tell anythingworth while about the big issues of thewar, but I can describe how soldiershave to learn to fight in the trenches,and I think a good many of our youngfellows have thatto, learn now. "Overthere." they don't 'talk of peace oreven of tomorrow. They sit back andtake it.We always held the fire trench aslightly as possible because it is -ademonstrated fact that the front ditchcannot be successfully defended in adetermined attack The thing we didfcnd the thing to do is to be ready tojump on to the enemy as soon as hehas got into your front trench and isfighting on ground that you know andhe doesn't and knock so many kindsof tar out of him that lioll have to pullhis load for a spot that isn't so warmThat system worked first rate with usDuring the day we had only a veryfew men in the fire trench If an attack is coming in daylight there's always plenty of time to get ready forit At night we kept prepared fortrouble all the time. We had a nightsentry on each tiring step and a mansitting it his feet to watch him to seehe wasn't secretly sniped. Then wehad a sentry In each "bay" of thetrench to take messages.Orders didn't permit 4he man on thefiring jstpp or the-man watching himo-leavVpot ,T "nxr excus whattrern -. ' . - "The Thrill and the Hell ofthe Trenches, Describedby an American Boy.Sergeant Alexander McClintock of Lexington, Ky., and the Canadian Army HasGripping Tale That Every American WillBead, For He Tells the Facts Unadorned. Wounded, a Distinguished ConductMedal Man, He .Was Invalided Home,but Is Going "Out There" Again to FightFor Uncle Sam and His Allies. An Inspiring, Interesting, Personal Narrative,Full of the Spirit and Atmosphere of theTrenches:during their two hour "spell" of duty.I Hanging on a string, at the elbow ofI each sentry on the fire step was auu.u nmouc ui uii euiyiy suen caseand a bit of iron with which to hammer on it. This, whichever it mightbe. was for the purpose of spreadingthe alarm in case of a gas attack.Also we had sentries in "listeningposts," at various points from twentyto fifty yards out in "No Man's Land."These men blackened their faces before they went "over the top" and thenlay in shell holes or natural hollows.There was always two of them, a bayonet man and a bomber. From thelistening post a wire ran back to thefire trench to be used in signaling. Inthe trench a man sat with this wirewrapped around his hand. One pullmeant "All 0. K.f" two pulls, "I'mcoming in," three pulls, "Enemy inThat System WorkedWith Us.First Ratesight," and four pulls, "Sound gasalarm." The fire step in a trench is ashelf on which soldiers stand to lookout and shoot between the sand bagson top.In addition to these men, we had patrols and scouts out in "No Man'sLand" the greater part of the night,with orders to gain any informationpossible which might be of value tobattalion, brigade, division or generalheadquarters. They reported on the'condition of the Germans' barbed wire,the location of machine guns and other little things like that which mightbe of interest to some commandingofficer twenty miles back. Also theywere ordered to make every effort tocapture any of the enemy's scouts orpatrols, so that we could get information from them. One of the interestingmoments in this work came when astar shell caught you out in an openspot If you moved you were gone.I've seen men stand on one foot forthe thirty seconds during which a starshell wilft burn. Then when scouts orpatrols met in "No Man's Land" theyalways had to fight.it out with bayonets. One single shot would be thesignal for artillery fire and wouldmean the almost instant annihilationof the men on both sides of the fightUnder the necessities of this war manyof our men have been killed by ourown shell fire. -The Daylight Hour.At a little before daybreak came"stand-to," when everybody got buttoned up and ready for business because at that hour most attacks begin,and also that was the regular time fora dose of "morning and evening hate,"otherwise a good, lively fifteen minutesof shell fire. We had some casualtiesevery morning and evening, and thestretcher bearers used to get ready forthem as a regular matter of course.For fifteen minutes at dawn and duskthe Germans used to send over "whizbangs," "coal boxes" and "minenwerfer" ( shells from trench mortars) hisuch a generous way that it looked asif they liked to shoot 'em off, whetherthey hit anything or not You couldalways hear the "heavy stuff" coming,and we paid little attention to it, as itwas used 4n efforts to reach the batteries back of our lines. The poor oldtown of Dinkiebusch got the full benefit of it' When a shell would shriekits way over, some one would say,"There goes the express for Dinkiebusch," and a couple of seconds later,when some prominent landmark ofDinkiebusch would disintegrate with aloud detonation, some one else wouldremark :"Train's arrived !"About the only amusement we hadduring our long stay in the fronttrenches was to sit with our backsagainst the rear wall and shoot at therats running along the parapet PoorMacfarlane, with a flash of the old humor which he had before the war, tolda "rookie" that the trench rats wereso big that he saw one of them tryingob his greatcoat They used to runover our faces when we were sleepingin our dugouts, and I've seen them in-Tenons swarms burrowing into theI 'onallow graves of the dead. Most ofthe soldiers' legs are scarred to theknees with bite3.The one thing of which we constantly lived in fear was a gas attack. Iused to wake in the middle of the nightin a cold sweat dreaming that I heardthe clatter and whistle blowing allalong the line which meant that thegas was coming. And finally I reallydid hear the terrifying sound, just ata moment when it couldn't have sounded worse. I was in charge of the dailyration detail, sent back about ten milesto the point of nearest approach of thetransport lorries to carry in rations,ammunition and'sand bags to the. fronttrenches. We had a lot of trouble returning with our loads. Passing apoint which was called Shrapnel Corner, because the Germans had preciserange of it, we were caught in machine gun fire and had to lie on ourstomachs for twenty minutes, duringwhich we lost one man, wounded. Isent him back and went on with myparty, only to run into another machinegun shower a half mile farther on.While we were lying down to escapethis a concealed British battery offive inch guns, about which we knewnothing, opened up right over ourheads. It shook us up and scared us sothat some of our party were now worseoff than the man who had been hit andcarried to the rear. We finally got together and went on. When we wereabout a mile behind the reserve trench,stumbling in the dark through the lastaid most dangerous path overland, weheard 'a lone siren whistle, followed bya wave of metallic hammering and wildtooting which seemed to spread overall of Belgium 'a mile ahead of us. Allany of us could say was:"Gas!"All you could see In the dark was acollection of white and frightenedfaces. Every trembling finger seemedawkward as a thumb as we got out ourgas masks and helinets and put themon, following directions as nearly aswe could. I ordered the men to sitstill and sent two forward to notifyme from headquarters when the gasalarms was over. They lost their wayand were not found for two days. Wesat there for an hour, and then I ventured to take my mask off. As nothinghappened, I ordered the men to do thesame. When we got into the trencheswith our packs we found that the gasalarm had been one of Fritz's jokes.The first sirens had been sounded inthe German lines, and there hadn'tbeen any gas.Our men evened things up with theGermans, however, the next night.Some of our scouts crawled clear upto the German barbed wire, ten yardsin front of the enemy fire trench, tiedempty jam tins to the barricade andthen, after attaching small telephonewires to the barbed strands, crawledback to our trenches. When they started pulling the telephone wires theempty tins made a clatter right underFritz's nose. Immediately the Germansopened up with all their machine gunand rifle fire, began bombing the spotfrom which the noise came and sentup "S O S" signals for artillery firealong a mile of their line. They fireda $10,000 salute and lost a night's sleepover the noise made by the discardedcontainers of G shillings' worth of jam.It was a good tonic for the Tommies.The Prince of Wales.A few days after this a very youngofficer passed me in a trench while Iwas sitting on a fire step writing aletter. I noticed that he had the redtabs of a staff officer on his uniform,but I paid no more attention to himthan that. No compliments, such assalutes to officers, are paid in thetrenches. After he had passed one ofthe men asked me if I didn't knowwho he was. I said I didn't."Why, you d fool," he said, "that'sthe Prince of Wales!"When the little prince came back 1stood to salute him. He returned thesalute with a grave smile and passedon. He was quite alone, and I wastold afterward that he made thesetrips through the trenches just to showthe men that he did not consider himself better than any other soldier. Theheir of England was certainly takingnearly the same chance of losing hisinheritance that we were. vAfter we had been on the front linefifteen days we received orders tomake a bombing raid. Sixty volunteers were asked for, and the wholeWhen the Little Prince Came Back IStood to Salute Him.battalion offered. I was lucky or unlucky enough to be among the sixtywho were chosen. I want to tell youin detail about this bombing raid, sothat you can understand what a thingmay really amount to that gets onlythree lines or perhaps nothing at allin the official dispatches, and, besidesthat it may help some of the youngmen who read this to know somethingu little later about bombing.The sixty "j? chosen to execute ther.iid were t,- r miles to theyjrW W&fiX Mmiifiiiftrear lor a ntvlt's inatru tion practice.Having on y a slight Ido.i of what wewere going to try to do we felt veryjolly about ' whole enterprise starting off. We were camped in an oldbarn, with several special instructionofficers in charge. We had oral instruction the first -day, while sappersdug and built an sxact duplicate of thesection of the German trenches whichwe were to raid that is, it was exactexcept for a few details. Certain"skeleton trenches" in the practice section were dug simply to fool the German aviators. If a photograph takenback to German headquarters hadshown an exact duplicate of a Germantrench section suspicion might havebeen aroused and our plans revealed.We were constantly warned about theskeleton trenches and told to remember that they did not exist in the German section where we were to operate.Meanwhile our practice section waschanged a little several times, becauseaerial photographs showed that theGermans had been renovating andmaking some additions to the trenchesin which we were to have our frolicwith them.We had oral instruction, mostly during the day, because we didn't dare letthe German aviators see us practicinga bomb raid. All night long, sometimesuntil 2 or 3 o'clock in the morning, werehearsed that raid, just as carefullyas a company of star actors would rehearse a play. At first there was a disposition to have sport out of it"Well," some chap would say, rolling into the hay all tired out "I gotkilled six times tonight S'pose it'llbe eight times tomorrow night"One man insisted that he had discovered in one of our aerial photographsa German burying money, and he carefully examined each new picture, sothat he could be sure of finding thedough and digging it up. The graveand serious manner of our officers,however, the exhaustive care withwhich we were drilled and, more thanall, the approach of the time when wewere to "go over the top" drove allsport out of our minds, and I can sayfor myself that the very, thought ofthe undertaking as the fatal nightdrew near sent shivers up and downmy spine.A bombing raid, something originated in warfare by the Canadians, is notintended for the purpose of h61dingground, but to gain information, to doas much damage as possible and tokeep the enemy in a state of nervousness. In this particular raid the chiefobject was to gain information. Ourhigh command wanted to know whattroops were opposite us and whattroops had been there. We were expected to get this information fromprisoners and from buttons and papersoff of the Germans we might kill. Itwas believed that troops were beingWe Rehearsed That Raid as Carefullyas a Company of Star Actors.relieved from the big tent show up atthe Somme and sent to our side showin Belgium for rest. Also it was suspected that artillery was being withdrawn for the Somme. Especially wewere anxious to bring back prisoners.. In civilized war a prisoner can becompelled to tell only his name, rankand religion. But this is not a civilizedwar, and there are ways of makingprisoners talk. One of the most effective ways quil humane is to tiea prisoner fast, head and foot, andthen tickle his bare feet with a feather.More severe measures have frequentlybeen used the water cure, for instancebut I'm bound to say thatnearly all the German prisoners I sawwere quite loquacious and willing totalk, and the accuracy of their information, when later confirmed by raids,was surprising. The iron disciplinewhich turns them into mere childrenin the presence of their officers seemedto make them subservient and obedientto the officers who commanded us. Imean, of course, the privates. In thisway the system worked against thefatherland. Captured German officers,especially Prussians, were a nasty lotWe -never tried to get information fromthem, for we knew they would lie, happily and very intelligently well ins'tructed in the art.At last came the night when we wereto go "over the top," across No Man'sLand, and have a frolic with Fritz inhis own happy home. I am endeavoring to be as accurate and truthful aspossible in these stories of my soldiering, and I am therefore compelled tosay that there wasn't a man in thesixty who didn't show the strain in hispallor and nervousness. Under orders,we discarded our trench helmets andsubstituted knitted skullcaps or emptymess tins. Then we blackened ourhands and faces with ashes from acamp fire so as to avoid being seen aslong as possible. After this they loaded us into motor trucks and took us upto "Shrapnel Corner," from whichpoint we went in on foot Just beforewe left a staff captain came along andgave us a little talk."This is the first time you men havebeen tested," he said. ""You're Canadians. 1 needn't say anything more toyou. TheVrp poin to be popping,thamojt at a great rate while you're on yonrway across. Remember that you'd better not stand up straight, Jbecause ourshells will be going, over just six and ahalf feet from the ground where it'slevel. If you stand up straight you'relikely to be hit in the head, but don'tlet that worry you, because if you doget hit in the head you won't know it.So why in h worry about it?" Thatwas his farewell. He jumped on hishorse and rode off.The Bomb Raid.The point we were to attack had beenselected long before by our scouts. Itwas not, as you might suppose, theweakest point in the German line. Itwas, on the contrary, the strongest. Itwas considered that the moral effect ofcleaning up a weak point would becomparatively small, whereas to breakin at the strongest poinfc would besomething really worth while. And ifwe were to take a chance it reallywouldn't pay to hesitate about degrees.The section we jsvere to raid had afrontage of "150 yards and a depth of200 yards. It had been explained to usthat we were to be supported by a"box barrage," or curtain fire, fromvour artillery to last exactly twenty-sixminutes that Is, for twenty-six minutes from the time when we started"over the top" our artillery, severalmiles back, would drop a "curtain" ofshells all around the edges of that 150yard by 200 yard section. We were tohave fifteen minutes in which to doour work. Any man not out at theend of the fifteen minutes would necessarily be caught in our own fire, as ourartillery would then change from a."box" to pour a straight curtain firecovering all of the spot of our operations. Our officers set their watches verycarefully with those of the artillery officers before we went forward to thefront trenches. We reached the frontat 11 p. m.. and not until our arrivalthere were we informed of the "zerohour" the time when the attack wasto be made. The hour of 12:10 hadbeen selected. The waiting from 11-o'clock until that time was simply anagony. Some of our men sat stupidand inert. Others kept talking constantly about the most inconsequentialmatters. One man undertook to tell afunny story. No one listened to it, andthe laugh at the end was emaciatedand ghastly. The inaction was drivingus all into a state of funk. I could actually feel my nerve oozing out at myfinger tips, and if we had had to waitfifteen minutes longer I wouldn't havebeen able to climb out of the trench.About half an hdur before we wereto go over every man had his eye upthe trench, for we know "the rummies"were coming that way. The rum gangserves out a stiff shot of Jamaica justbefore an attack, and it would be areal test of temperance to see a manrefuse. There were no prohibitionistsin our set. Whether or not we got ourfull ration depended on whether thesergeant in charge was drunk or sober.After the shot began to work one mannext me pounded my leg and- holleredin my ear:"I say, why all this red tape? Let'sgo over now."That noggin of mm is a life saver.When the hour approached for us tostart the artillery tire was so heavythat orders had to be shouted into earsfrom man to man. The bombardmentwas, of course, along a couple of milesof front so that the Germans would notiinow where to expect us. At 12 o'clockexactly they be.,'an pulling down a section of the parapet bo that we wouldn'thave to climb over it and we were off.There are six articles in this remarkable series by Sergeant McClintock.Two have already been printed, andthe third will appear soon. It is themost interesting one of the series thusfar and is entitled:"Over th Top and Give 'Em Hell!"The English Tommy's battle cry as hebreaks from his trench. The bomb raidand what happened. Of sixty that started forty-six failed to return because theGermans had -prepared a surprise "forthem. Graphic description of SergeantMcClintock's terrible experience.Handy Literature.Saunderson found it very hard workselling books. The volumes he hadto offer, one of which he had to carrywith him as a sample, were veryheavy, and nobody seemed to wantthem. But he was a persistent man,and even the stubborn Mrs. Bowlingcould not send him away unheard."We have all the books we can use,"she said, "and we really can't affordany more reading matter. Why, 1haven't even opened the second volume of that Roman history you soldus last spring. Now, if you were selling one of those adjustable ironingboards" "I've got just the thing!"said Saunderson cheerfully. "Thereare twelve books in this set, and youcan use either one or two or three, andso on up to six, to tilt your board anyway you wan to. And between whileswhen your iron is heating you havegood literature to refresh your mind."A Bonehead.There are many things dropped inthe subway ticket chopper by absentminded riders besides the little pieceof pasteboard which entitles them to aride. An eccentric looking young manand his particularly eccentric lookingwife hurried up to the door of a Broadway theater last night The manreached into his pocket, handed thedoorman some tickets and, assistinghis wife before him. turned to receivethe stubs. "These are subway tickets,"said the doorman. At the rate of twopockets per second the young mansearched himself. Then he clapped hishand on his forehead. "Good heavens,Annie." be gasped, "I put the scats inthe subway!" And what Anino saidabout boneheads was only--beard byherself. New York Cor. PittsburghDispatch. :ANNOUNCEMENTSWe are authorized to annonottUgood Democrats below as nndtiWllat the Democratic primary on Aajial4. 1917, to fill the office to waitthey aspire:FOR STATE SENATORLEE WAINSCOTT,Clark County.GEORGE HON,Clark County.ABRAM RENICK,Clark County.FOR REPRESENTATIVE.C. M. THOMASFOR SHERIFF.WILL. G. McCLINTOCK,,ri Doc Marshall and Bob Gilkeyaadeputies.L. A. SOPER,With D. E. Clarke and L. C. Aahcraftas deputies.FOR COUNTY JUDGE.GEORGE BATTERTONC. A. MCMILLAN.FOR COUNTY ATTORNEYDAVID D. CLTNB.WM. GRANNAN.COUNTY SUPERINTENDENT OFSCHOOLS.J. B. CAYWOOD.MISS MABEL ROBBINGFOR JAILER' GEO. W. JUDY.THOS.'TATJL,JOHN H. DOTY,WALKER KISER,C. T. MASTERSON,W. O. BUTLER,JOHN W. KING,J. W. HART.FOR ASSESSORWALTER CLARK, ' -.sf Paris, with Jno. J. Redmon, of North.Middletown, as deputy.GEO. D. SPEAKES,of Paris, with Lee R. Craven, of LittlRock, at Deputy.TOR MAGISTRATE.W. J. McWHORTERCenterville Precinct.JOHN S. WIGGINSHutchison PrecincLFOR MAYORW. O. HTNTONE. B. JANUARYFOR POLICE JUDGECLAUDE P. REDMON,J. W. BROWN,P. A. THOMPSONHARRY L. MITCHELL.ERNEST MARTINFOR CHIEF OF POLICE.JAMES H. MORELAND.W. FRED LINK.FOR COUNCILMAN.ITRST WAHD.T. J. KISER.JOHN CHRISTMANJOHN MERRINGERW. T. BROOKSTHOS. G. MORRIS.SECOND WARD.S. K. NICHOLS,J. J. VEACHJOHN ARKLE.FRANK BURTON.THIRD WARDGEO. DOYLEParis Home SchoolWill OpenMonday, September 3, 191?Mrs. W. A. Harp, Director.Miss E. D. Giltner, Director of.Music.You Don't Have toStoop ,If You Use aGarlandCabinetRangeA bsautlful lint of Garlamte ii4t.frlay. Com In ami look thm vor. nParirGas & Electric C.B 'sVXtotoniraf):Ttn -'r7c --THE BOJJRBON NEWS, PARIS, KY.OT1BDAT, JULY 17, 1917.PAGE EIGHTMILLERSBURG'MATRIMONIAL.T1P!ATHS.Itsft:iMr. and Mrs. G. L. Hill were inCincinnati on business Thursday andFriday.Miss Nannie Clarke left Fridayfor a visit to Miss Elizabeth Brown,at Sharpsburg.Mrs. C. L. Vimont left Friday fora visit to her sister, Mrs. Homer Ratcliffe, at Sharpsburg.Mrs. Turner Ptrry, of Owingsville, is the guest of her mother, Mrs.Ada McClintock, and family.Mrs. James Howard and daughter, Miss Frances, left Thursday fora visit to Mrs. Kenton Maffett, atPeoria, 111.Mrs. A. T. Moffett and daughter,Miss Elerta and Miss Lyle Hutchinson, were guests Thursday of Mrs.James Price, at Escondida.Mr. and Mrs. Charles Reed Carrington returned Thursday fromtheir wedding tour in Virginia, and"will leave in the early part of theweek for their home at Revenna.The following are among thenumber from here who spent the-week-end at Crab Orchard Springs:Mr. and Mrs. Wr D. Mclntyre, Mr. andMrs. G. E. Reynolds, Mr. J. W. Millerand Miss Mildred Bruce.Mrs. Bruce McMahan is able tobe out again. Mrs. J. P. Redmon isable to be up a little. Col. W. M.Layson is improving. Mr. T. E. Savage and daughter, Miss Mary, leftFriday for a visit to Mr. and Mrs. F.J. Savage, at Paris.Mr. and Mrs. C. N. McWethy anddaughters, who have been the guestsof Mr. and Mrs. J. B. Cray sinceThursday, left Sunday for a few days'visit to Mr. and Mrs. W. S. Judy, inLexington, before returning to theirhome at Greencastle, Ind.The Red Cross Society gave anentertainment Friday evening consisting of songs, living pictures andmonologues at the M. M. I. auditorium. Notwithstanding the threatening weather a large audience wasin attendance. The entertainmentwas good and enjoyed by all whoheard it. Mrs. C. M. Best gave areading which was especially goodas is always the case. The youngladies taking part in the entertainment are to be congratulated, as itwas gotten up on short notice, andwas pleasant in every detail.m ta aLIST OF "EAELY CLOSERS."The following is a list of Parismerchants who have agreed to closetheir stores at five o'clock every afternoon, except Saturdays and courtdays:J. W. Davis & Co.Frank & Co.W. Ed. Tucker.Mitchell & Blakemore.Price & Co.Harry Simon.David Feld.Harry Linville.Posner Bros.H. M. Collins & Co.B. Friedman.Jacob Elvove.W. T. Talbott & Co.Stanley Rummans.Chas. S. Goldstein.Higgins & Flanagan.Shire & Fithian.A. J. Winters & Co.Frey & Franklin.The J. T. Hinton Co.' A. F. Wheeler & Co.E. M. Wheeler & Co.13 fe E3LU. S. AMBULANCE SERVICEPRAISED POR COURAGE.The entire section of the American field service sent to France byLeland Standard University last February is cited by General Manginin orders to the division.The citation of the section is madfor its having given constantly sinesits arrival at the front an exampleof courage and profound devotion,especially at Verdun and Monvillerin pushing up to the battle lines under bombardment to carry away the"wounded.JORDAN.Maida Jordan, aged fourteen,daughter of Mr. and Mr. Daniel Jordan, of Eighth street, died at the St.Joseph Hospital, in Lexington, ateleven o'clock yesterday morning,from the after-effects of an operationperformed in that institution for appendicitis.The little girl manifested symptoms of the disease a day or so ago,but it was not thought she was in aserious condition until Saturday,when she was taken to the Lexingtoninstitution. An operation was performed Saturday night, but theyoung patient's system could not rally from the shock of the operation,which together with her weakenedcondition, brought death in its wake.The little girl was one of the mostlovable girls in the city, the light ofher parents household, and her sudden death and untimely passing awaywill leave an aching void in theirhearts and a vacant place in thehome. She was of a bright, sunnydisposition, and made friends ofeveryone. The sympathy of the community goes out to the parents intheir affliction. She is survived besides her parents, by one brother.The body was brought to thestricken home in the Davis ambulance yesterday afternoon, and prepared for burial.The funeral will be held at theCatholic church at nine o'clock tomorrow (Wednesday) morning, withservices conducted by Rev. FatherEugene DeBruyn. The burial willfollow on the family lot in theCatholic Cemetery.The pall-bearers will be the following young friends of the deceased:John Walsh, Ralph Connell, Lauthman Woods, W. G. Mitchell, ReginaldKilkenney and Francis O'Rourke.WEIL.The body of Mr. Maurice Weil,farmer, stockman and trader, whodied of typhoid fever in Canada, lastweek, arrived in Lexington, his former home, Saturday night at 9:30o'clock over the Southern railroad,and was taken to the home of hisfather, Mr. Simon Weil, in FayettePark, where funeral services wereheld at three o'clock Sunday afternoon. Following the services the burialtook place on the family lot in theLexington Cemetery. The activepall-bearers were Solomon Bloomfield, Louis Pushin, Simon Weil, Jr.,Abram Hoffstadt and Jonas Weil.The honorary pall-bearers were JohnG. Stoll, J. Will Stoll, J. W. Porter,Simon Wolf, Jacob Speyer, HarryKlein, Moses Kauffman, Morris Lowenhart, Prof. L. K. Frankel and GusJ. Heyman.The services at the grave were incharge of the Masonic lodges of Lexington, of which he was a member.Many of the most prominent stockbuyers and traders of Paris and Bourbon county attended the'funeral. Mr.Weil was highly esteemed among thestockmen here, as he was a man ofsquare dealings and of very pleasingpersonality.COOK.WANT TOfc Si IsBECOME U.OFFICERS.S. ARMYApplication for admission to theOfficers' Reserve Corps in the training camp at Ft. Benj. Harrison, nearIndianapolis, Ind., have been filed byMessrs. Hiram Roseberry, Matt Lair,Clay Sutherland and Finnell Galloway, of this city and county.Buy an Edison!jGet the Best There'sOnly One !'fin!Dr. A. C. Cook, aged fifty-three,one of the best-known dentists inthe State, died suddenly in Georgetown, Wednesday night. He was returning from the Chautauqua, andwas seen by a passer-by to reel andfall to the ground. Death ensuedfrom apoplexy before assistancecould be summoned.Dr. Cook was a native of Masoncounty. He had practiced dentistryin Millersburg for many years beforeremoving to Gergetown. He marriedMiss Florence Adams, of Flemingcounty, who survives him.The funeral took place in Georgetown, Friday afternoon at threeo'clock, with services conducted -byRev. Dr. Ira Boswell. The body wasinterred in the Georgetown Cemetery.CHRISTOPHERSON.Elder John Christopherson, pastor of the North Middletown Christian Church, received a telegramcalling him to his old home in Wisconsin, on account of the death of hisfather. Elder and Mrs. Christopherson left immdeiately upon receipt ofthe news. They will be gone untilAugust 8. During his absence Eld.Christopherson will deliver two addresses at the meeting of the BethanyAssembly, at Bethany Park, Indiana.m is ?aPOTATO RESTRICTIONS REMOVEDThe ISfew Edison gets and givesall the artist rendered just asthe artist gave it."There's only ONE best; thatONE is the Edison." (Harger&Blish.)Overtone, in music, is comparable with seasoning in food; Edison alone gives all the overtones:the seasoning.OBERDORFERk AfMtt far Burbon County(July 6-lm)Restrictions on importations of potatoes into the United States fromCanada and Bermuda was removedafter July 1 under an amendment toregulations of the Federal Horticultural Board, signed recently by theSecretary of Agriculture. The amendment also permits the importation ofpotatoes from any foreign countryinto Hawaii for local use only.The ruling in regard to Bermudaand Canada is based on the fact thatinspection of potatoes imported fromthose two countries during the lastthree years has shown that no serious potato diseases not already occur-.ring in the United States exist inthose regions.Potatoes for local consumption arto be allowed to enter Hawaii fromany country, since few potatoes aregrown on the islands, and there iitherefore little danger of diseasesdamaging local truck crops. All shipments of potatoes arriving in Hawaii,however, still will be inspected before they can be removed from thedocks.The quarantine against potatoesfrom Newfoundland and the islandsof St. Pierre and Miquelon, on account of the potato-wart disease, remains in full force and effect.TODD CRAFT.Miss Emma Johnson Todd andMr. Robert Craft, both of the NorthMiddletown vicinity, were married atthe residence of the officiating minister, Rev. I. J. Spencer, in Lexington,recently.The bride is a daughter of Mrs. J.K. Todd, who resides on the PlumLick pike, near North Middletown,and the groom is a son of Mr. andMrs. J. T. Craft, of the same neighborhood. Mr. and Mrs. Craft willreside with the groom's parents ontheir farm on the Prescott pike.HUNTER WOLCOTT.Friends and relatives of MissHallie Hunter and Mr. Fred Wolcott,both members of prominent Winchester families, were greatly surprisedto receive telegrams and telephonemessages Saturday night from them,stating they had been married inLouisville late that evening.The bride, who is a daughter ofMr. and Mrs. Hubert Hunter, of Winchester, has been a frequent visitor inParis, as a guest of the family of Mr.and Mrs. T. T. Templin, of SouthMain street. The groom is a memberof the Wolcott Milling Co., one o!Winchester's most substantial industries. He is also well known in Parisin both social and business circles.Mr. Wolcott called at the home ofMiss Hunter, Saturday "afternoon,stating that they would attend thelocal moving picture show. FromWinchester they motored to Louisville, where the ceremony was performed. There was no parental objection to the marriage of the youngpeople, but they preferred to use theirown pleasure in the matter of thetime, the place and the means to theend in view.After a short bridal trip to pointsof interest and a visit to friends inLouisville, Mr. and Mrs. Wolcott returned to Winchester, where they.will reside at the groom's home.Ea 1E3 TsaGERMANS MELT TRENCHCHIMES FOR AMMUNITION.RELIGIOUS.-The Jackstown church observedSunday as Patriotic Sunday. A faiisized free-will offering was taken inthe Bible Class, which was turnedover to the Red Cross Chapter.Rev. Dr. W. A. Ganfield, ' president of Center Collage, at Danville,who was the principal speaker at themass-meeting at the court house Sunday afternoon, filled the pulpit at theBaptist church Sunday night.Mr. and Mrs. L. A. Soper, MissesRuth and Mable Soper and LawrenceSoper and family recently moved fromtian church Sunday morning by letterfrom the Little Rock church. MrSoper and family recently mover fromLittle Rock to Paris to reside.Rev. Dr. O. R. Mangum preachedat the Baptist church in Danville,Sunday morning, and also taught theMen's Club of the church at the afternoon session. The pulpit of theParis church was filled Sunday byRev. Frank W. Eberhardt, of Danville. 3 s ISBIRTHS.iInhabitants of Nayon, France, nolonger have any doubt as to thefate of the bells and chimes ofNorthern France. Following thosein Belgium, they have taken the roadto German munition factories.All the churches of the region ofthe Oise and the Somme were strippedof everything they contained in theform of copper and brass before theoccupying troops retired. There irno reason to suppose that those stillinside the German lines have beenspared.These depredations are actuallyfelt in this region, which has beenthe country of bells and chimes sinceCharlemagne generalized their usethroughout the empire.Inhabitants of this region whowere deported to Germany before theretreat and have since been repatriated bring news that the Germanshave now attempted to "regularize"their rape of the bells by issuing ageneral "requisition" of all bells notdating as far back as the MiddleAges. Bells cast between 1400 and1800 are spared only when they bearhistorical inscriptions or have otherwise an exceptional value historically or artistically. Since few of thebells of Northern France have thenecessary antiquity to escape thulegulation, it is assumed that all, ornearly all, of them have already beenfired back upon French soil in theform of projectiles.Most of the really ancient bells ofFrance were destroyed during therevolution.T5i 151 ISTHE PEANUT BANK.To the wife of Mr. C. C. Brown,a daughter, first born. Mr. Brownis clerk in the office of Superintendent W. H. Anderson, of the L. & N.,at Paris.fe S feCENSORSHIP BY DIVINE RIGHT.Inasmuch as Congress has notpassed a censorship law the proceedings at Washington are well nigh in -comprehensible.Dispatches are diverted from addresses to the War Department where they have been edited. This seems a strange exercise or assumption of authority inAmerica. It is stated that this government is corforming in the mainto censorship rules in the Europeancountries. Censorship in England isa notorious failure as a war aid.Lord Northcliffe, who ought toknow, has been in America warningthis country against its adoption JYet the department at Washingtontakes charge of the news and effects censorship without any enactment looking to its creation.Is this America?S3 P3 E3OPERATION PERFORMED.IMPROVEDMccormickBINDERsg Mf JY7&m?iTHE GRAIN GROWERwill find the McCormick Improved Binder a machine that is simple in construction, easy to operateand that will f uccessf ully harvest grain under everycondition, whether it be short or tall, even, tangledor full of undergrowth.IThe large number of McCormickBinders in use all over the worldis a sure sign of satisfaction.Drs. J. F. Reynolds and R. E. May,of Mt. Sterling, performed a difficult and delicate operation for eyetrouble Sunday on Mr. W. B. Flanders, of near Paris, who formerly resided in Montgomery county. Thepatient is improving, with prospectsof complete recovery.Be On the Safe SideBuy a McCormick!.. Ball GarageCor. Fourth and Pleasant St..!(Wall Street Journal.)In a group of out-of-town bankers,who were making an inspection ofthe spacious banking room of theNational City Bank recently, a manfrom Suffolk, Va., startled some of hiscolleagues of this and other cities bya statement to the effect that what isproperly known as the "PeanutBank" is probably the most prosperous institution in this country. Helikewise stated positively that th."Peanut Bank" has yielded a largerreturn on the money invested thanany other banking concern on thiscontinent.The "Peanut Bank" is officiallyknown as Farmers' Bank of Nansemond, and owes its great prosperityto the peanut. It is located in Suffolk, Va., the center of a districtwhere the goober flourishes as nowhere else in America. The bankstarted in 1869, with a capital of$20,000, which has never beenchanged. The men who own its 200shares of stock have been made rich,for the reason that the $100 shareshave a value well in excess of $5,000each, and none offering for sale. Ithas a surplus and undivided profitsof $1,000,000, loans in excess of $2,00,000, and cash in values and dufrom other banks usually amount to$1,000,000 of thereabouts. It is saidthat there never was such a bankfor melon cutting. Dividends comeat frequent and irregular intervalsand range from 5 per cent, or 10 percent, to 100 per cent, or more. Onceupon a time for some reason notspecified, the bank startled the stockholders and natives with a 99 percent, distribution.The nearest approach in stockvalue and dividends is the Fifth Avenue Bank of New York City, whose$100 shares have a market value ofabout $4,600.WATCH FORThe Greatests mAT LESS THANFACTORY COSTJuly, the month of mad dog scares,is now here, and this reminds us thatif the cur canine population, of Pariswere reduced ' two-thirds, the peopleof this J city "would return thanks.-1iDAN COHENParis' Greatest Shoe StoreWhere Beauty and Economy ReignH13,' v. r