THE BOURBON NEWSsW3ft - ?jtPUBLISHED EVERY TUESDAY AND FRIDAY IN THE YEAR.VOLUME XXXVI.PARIS, BOURBON COUNTY, KENTUCKY, TUESDAY, JANUARY 30, 1917.THE TOBACCO MARKETMAYOR HINTON CELEBRATES ROY BORLAND DIES IN80TH BIRTHDAY ANNIVERSARY CINCINNATI HOSPITALam mm mmmmmmwmmmmmmmifmmmmmmI WE 3E5L3XTOTT HOXTU --?JToh.'-1of this city, re-distance call from Cin-morning, and, uponin FniMiinfl tVlot liio lviiiloiaiing oui.-iu.a, Jin average o ,""" t.wi, nu, uw ouuua.y, c: i....v-. ...t,, io tutuim uiu,. w uw,S.IS.22. The quality ot th offering.? grated the eightieth anniversary of Mr. Roy Borland, who had been work-wns goon, i ne induing was spirited,. U,"U"L ui,j Llll wunu ui u-ouuii ij, i. mo uauu, ui.;i. ui u""c i"".there being no rejections up to date.aml woe- lin Cincinnati, had died in the GeneralTh hiehest price paid for a baske I Tlie evnt was Uie occasion ot a Hospital, -on Sunday night, a week ago.curing tiie week was 50. I family gathering at a dining given a' The call was from the wife of the" J Mayor Ilinlon's home, on High street, .contractor tor whom young BorlandINDEPENDENT MONDAY. .IAN fl i where, surrounded at the festal board worked, and stated that, upon Bor-The Independent House sold yestu y members 0f his immediate family, land's failure to show up for work av a total of 31.035 pounds of tobacco . family connections and a few invited the usual time, his employer inquiredfor an average of $21.32. The quality suests, Mr. Hinton was congratulate.! at the places where he usually passed'o! the offerings was"fair. and the anar ,llPon typ fast tnat ne was really young-1 his time when not at work, but mef (W was unusually strong Some of 'ei tlian ne looked, and apparently with tlie response at each place thatthe crop averages follow: 'good for many (more years of useful- Borland had not been seen around,-.,-i.i o -, . -. , ,. 11P5Q fn tbo rnmmnnitv in liitncnlf fnr SP.VPRll fin VS. Ho tllPtl fo11f:Vffl A .w naiey v: amaru o,4U pounds ior"""" -" "" "" ""-j ......,. -- - ---- -sr . , ,77S'3Sul7. average S43 63 Enoch Kin- ami to the county. Although retired clue tdiat led him to the General Hosted 7 SflO pounds for Si 4S9 93 aver Iflcfni active business lite and "out of .pilal in Cincinnati, where he learnedae $18 77- C M Clav Jr &TFaulc- Politics" Mr. llinton has all the vigor that on the morning of Tuesday, .Tanner 3 510 pounds for 5778 79 average and activity of mind and body which uary 16, a young pian answering BorSi'is" Thomason & FaulcoTieV ' 595 wil1 not leL nim Sive up entirely in- land's description had been broughtpounds for SoS 81 average S903S ' teresfc in the welfare of the city and to tlie Hospital, for special treatment,B-ennan & "Gay. '4.765 pounds" "for the citizens of Paris. but that he gave his place of residenceS.10257 average S93n- Turnev & I The guests present and partaking as Pittsburg, Pa.Smith 5 175 pour ds "for $1 09 47 av- hl the Pleasures of the gathering! Young Borland was there severalrage ' S93 91 ' (were: Mr. and Mrs. J. T. llinton, Mr. ' days under treatment, dying on the' Last week's sales at the Independent ! rs. Wm. 0. Hinton Mr. and Mrs night of Sunday January 21. TheHouse amounted tn 9fH n niund I Ed- T- Hmton, Mr. and Mrs. Albert .Hospital autnonties communicatedSe quau was ood wHJi no re ec- Hinton, Mr. and Mrs. Oscar T. Hinton, with people in Pittsburg, to know whatje quautj was goou wnui no rejec . Hntnn. Mr mi to do with the remains, but met wit.'tuons. ine rusn loiiowing tne spen oi ; " v; t,. ; '.' m i . i,i :.,had weather is ibnut over and re- Mrs- C- - Hinton, Miss Bertha Hm- no response. The body was placed in;iher...0U.0e.f1l(i " 'ton. Mr. and Mrs. Amos Turnev. Jr..! the Moraue in Cincinnati, to await.ooipLS uub weeK art uapllilu lu ut Wimptn T-Hntnn ATr F.d. T. Rrnwn. ' identification. As noUlillg was know 1J9&bctut normal.BOURBON HOUSES MONDAY,JANUARY 20.The Bourbon Tobacco WarehouseCo. sold yesterday at the BourbonHouse 60,135 pounds for $1,413.07, ana-verage of $20.64. The quality of theATicc mitnnt'i T-Iintnn ATr TCrl T Rrnwn ' idpntifion.tion. As notllilltr Was kllOW 11Rev. and Mrs. W. E. Ellis and Miss; of Borland's home being in Paris, nhsMarv Ellis. ielatives nere Knew nouiing ol nid. .death until Mr. Borland was notifiedBOURBON TAX PAYERS PROTEST' by telephone Saturday, -one week afterAGAINST EXTRA SESSION. jH.tal aulthorities knew 0nly whati . , , ... . iAt a mass meeting of the tax pa-Borland had told them as to his home.Paris, was in Cincinnati, Sunday, andvisited the Hospital, where he learnedsubstantially the facts narrated above.Mr. S. E. Borland left for CincinnatiSunday, to take charge of the body,which will probably be brought herefor burial. Mr. S. E. Borland formerlyicsided in Pittsburg.Young Borland is survived by hiswife and three children, his fatherMr. 3. E. Borland, and two sisters,and Mrs. rlordSoor was only medium. At the Paris ers of Bourbon county, held in the anvthinjr oC lis titnily connectionsHouse 00,400 pounds were sold for court House, at I'ans, ivciuuck, on h No further details were given in 'i3).017.20. an average of $22.03. , January 27, 1917 the following resolu- he J,age by the attaclies of ,Uie UosAprices ranged from $113.00. which tion was adopted: .. , Attorney P.A.Thompson, of-km was naiil for a basket of ciirar- 1st. it is the sense ol tins nieetin, . ,nrm n;!r,ofi Qmirinv- nrei wrapper from the crop of Mrs. P .that an extra session of the Legislate Dimmett & Cow the entire crop ture would incur a great expense toeraging $32 01, which is the record the tax payers ot the State.for the season on floor, for crop and 2nd. It would be unjust to tliebasket. Some of the averages are a great farming interests of this Statefollows- 'to take action on pending legislationDimmitt & Coy, 1,405 pounds, fur before said interest shall be fully ad-$-549.78,average $32.01. Ferguson & vised of tflie terms and study the ei"Nal, 1,4S0 pounds, for $437.42, aves- feci of such legislation as regards saidage $29.55; Ball & Reed, 3.S25 pound? interest .for S8S3.72. average $23.10: Mvers & 3rd. Therefore, Be It Resolved, ThatYOUR HEALTHIs More Important Than Your Monev13, Ward & Wagoner, 4,055 pounds for$555.99. average $21.10; Caldwell &Martin, 3,410 .pounds, $741.84. averagefor $SS3.72, average $zo.iu; .uyers tv oiu. incieiui, c n iw.,., ...7 Mrs pearce Pat-onDle. 2,165 pounds for $512.95. average we respectfully petition the Honorable Qf paris$28.86; Clay & Toohev Bros., 2,505 Governor of this State not to call anpounds for $651.07, average $26.03; extraorainary .uu 01 u. B WILSON MEMORIALRedjmond & Banta, 2,240 pounds for ture. nuoi. "'ISS- fotXmXZ't: Those who desire to contribute toSSTsftUM? Harney Woodford, .present Uus petition to the Governor the fun b.u reused for he pu , e166 pounds for 5433.41, average. ?:.- 01 w e . !m I "',;, , . , rf RnhortJAS. H. FISHER, Secretary. Burns Wilson, Kentucky's famous pcet-COMMITTEE T. H. ClayJr., Jno. painter, are requested to send th"ir1115- Buckner & Rankin, 2.510 T. Hinton, , John T. uoinns. a. uicoiimmions 10 aire, rim i. iv,nnds for $534 ol average $21 28! ' Weathers, A. S. Thompson, V. W. Fer- v,f Paris, who has been chosen ChairwSodford & Caspv 1875 pounds for guson, Jaimes H. Fisher, T. W. Cur man of the Robert Burns Wilson Me'&?9? average 14 58- Hancock! rent, Jesse Turney. Warren Rogers, morial ConMiiittee of the KentuckyTWn Tfo nounds for $1544 33 R H. Burris. John W. Young, William Federation of Women's Clubs. It liajJSSTSio 00" CoZs & Hen? 2 1 Young. Richard Hopkins, William Lay-. been proposed that the manorial takeSfSSfnds ; for630 99 "average $21.87; son, Ben Woodford, Sr.. Brooks Clav. the lorm of a portrait of the distinvS&PriS Samuel Clay, C. M guishel Kentuckian, and donations forOS ; averaS 1 VS A Mitchell. Thomas. Lewis Rogers, Al. Roberts, A the purchase of Uie portrait are reV ! DoSndffor S k average $24.1 B. Hancock, Harry Holt, D. G. Taylor, quested to be sent in to Mrs. Lowry by,yjn pounas ior -i. drd - T . tl r n pinru-p. w A hrnrv is. All the clubs and everyi231 average S'bS?- WmL" Thomason, H. S. Caywood. R. C. Tal- Kentuckian will no doubt be glad toe-rage $20.44; Hinkson & French. 7,390pounds for $1,658.37, average .44;lvne & Fletcher, 5,780 pounds for $1,34S.24, average $23.15; Gore & Wilson, j7.485 pounds for $1,d80.3S. average?21.11:"CROSDALE'S."tribute to one whose name will livelong as one of Kentucky s brightestminds.Protect Your Health and YouWill Have Both.DUOFOLDUNDERWEARthe kind that is net ico heavy, but is made with alight layer of cotton next to the skin and anotherlayer of fine woven Australian wool on the outside, vhich does not scratch ard irritate the skin,but prevents the cold from penetrating through thegarment. It does not leave a damp moisture between the skin and the 'undergarments. This isone of the principal causes of colds. The bodybecomes chilled frcm the moisture and many deepcolds and cases of grippe strrt in this way. Wear jDuofold Health Underwear, the only safeguard jagainst sickness. We have all sizes, both in unionsuits and two-piece garments. $3.50 and $4.00.SMITCHELL &BLA KEN OREExclusive Agency Tor the Nefctlefcon Pine Shoe.1IMOefiMtHtMIHItllMHH im MaMaMMMatiitt?iaflQflftit MMftf?pfftfftfM(tttmtgMftnan II. Crosdale. the originator ofids for ?l,pWW8. averagc firt.las enicurian-inviting and high-2L1V , U MWf- toned establishments in Paris, is, withpounds for $o.5S, average J-4.-I , j. vim an(l determination, andHall & Mclntyre, 3.2; pounds for " lcqi:t!,IUn and no-ooeration of hisLOCAL INSURANCE MANMAKING FINE RECORD.Mr. Hoy F. Clendenin. who has IonsHall & Mdntyre, 3.72, pounds ior ; r:;,stancc and co-operation of his f o r. y .... - .SS26.04. average 2.11; i-ereuson rnnfl ..-, f ast d eVel oning his nev !dTu .tf" rT Z irsmmm mmMm40. Wright & Mclntrye, 2.985 poundsoods." Mr. Clendenin is now mak-ii-noninc nhronst of the times and " L,lia ..,, .... n ,.nct0-.1T11T- 1 TlMrillll t!.LrilUlllb UU tW t w--ww-. . 11 nA.. r. 1 v niiAiir annirnc -him mil -o . .me nignesi price 01 uie m-usuji iui maKing luu awuuo u -..- -,- . r Tnjg iqq.OOU -ot insurance repa basket of tobacco was realized last pointments of his hostelry such, irom r(jsJe'nt fortv men poiicv-holders.week at the sale held in the Independ a. sanitary. eye-catchy attractr.e Rq his" advertisement on page oneint House, wdien one basket ot fifty source, as to be most commendable f THE NEWS.pounds in the crop of Martin Webber. and irresistible and finally his equita ,u' uusof Scott county, sold lor $su. .ir. bie commercial course m iwbWebber's crop of 7,010 pounds sold the volume of business, and not toior an average of $21.21. -the individual, to determine his profits, (cannot but appeal to one aim uu uumBourbon growers disposed of theiroips on the Lexington markets asfollows: Hugh Ferguson & Jordan.4.495 nounds at $24.37: Rodney &F-joks. "5.355 pounds at $2S.65: LitenBodkins. 5.345 pounds at $2G.25:Hume & Fredcrickson. 5.145 oounds atf?5.G5: Wilson & Reeves. 3.295pounds at $20 29: Simpson & Bri'-The Bruce Miller formof 1 22 acres, near Paris,He has the whole building occupied J will bC SOld 3 1 OUCTIOlland while the same is a private j -rhlirsdm Feb O. Seehostelrv. owing to ius limitations ! I HUrUOV, tu.those who find acoommodations then' j rJeSCriptiVC QQVerTISe-xv ill. we Miink. be ever loud in their men QX nQQC 2 Of Thepiaise and sincere endorsement. .JL111.1 .-';-.-,Table boarders taken, also roomers: neritUCriian-LlTIZefl.batns on each floor: gas heat in every j100111: everything cher and excep- NEW AUTOs.tionally comfortable, and where every ,Tho Goodwin-Field Motor Co., oftincham. 3.070 pounds at 5l..i. . Illwl in ni-,v-P Vnn feel atfon1 T.?ior AC Hinton 4 4S0 pound, home. Card parties, receptions and all Lexington. reports the saie of a DodgeJJiP specials pertaining to his line are broa(lster to Douglas Clay, of91 r2f'; wfo-i sen & Ritchie l-,dul' catered to- 1C,Te m1socially 01 Paris. Mr. Tiros. Henry Clay. Jr., of.pounds at $22.21. Snell .v "!":.: nmmerciallv and let us become ac- , 1loo .i,.....,! a Kpries 9.mds at 2i.xb; wngiu iu- nintlrt :"".-,'';; Z-Kn .,!, r fmnQ noilliiii )Q7n nounds at $21.33: HicksMvnear. 2.9C5 pounds at $25.30; Lail &t. 2iRn -nunds at $21.00: Crimm ,Scott. 3.980 pounds at $21.11; Wil-quainted(It)GEO. II. CROSDALE. Prop.Paris, Ky.1917 model Franklin touring car fromthe Franklin Motor Car Co., of Lexington. The Union Motor Car Co. ofthe same place sold a series IS, seven-passengerStudebaker touring car"FOLLOW THE LEADER'YOU remember the old game, don't you, so excitingm our childhood days?tt OlAJLw. . .. 1 ot 'n'- ti-r u-M CiMfiP AND OPENCurrent & SpeaTes.1 G.770 .pounds at, graTE CLAIM TWO VICTIMS, to Mr. Harry L. Baldwin, of Paris$2().S8; Stephenson fc iisies. 0,000 11--I'lorence uurris, imeevcui-uiu; faininunli iu t-Cwiurwc.pounds at $21.09(Coutinued on Page 7.)daughter of Mr. and Mrs. William.. T-.n11.. linrnoil SnhinlnvUlirriS, NUi wauij uuixn-u w...v..., jMilmol T Vnrmincr. flip, noted Irish.,:., of flio lmp nf lirr narentS !-, . .Jli lantnro in thp intp.rest OtjIIlUiJiu'& . " " - -- -; uiaiui, i" ii.v4i. ... w..w ...-1 in Winchester, wnen ner ciuuhhb riie statewide proniDiuon moveuiun1 ipht ACCIDENT AS CAR SKIDS cauglit fire fro)n an open grate. Thelat the Baptist church, in Paris, ataLiuni M " child was standing with her back to cigilt o'clock to-morrow evening, Mr.,frc Qwift r,lnP-c onto skidded as the grate, wihen her clothing caught , Fanning is an eloquent speaker andM-s;vlft.c,1Pe she was burned from the Ungiwhls address will be a most interestingit was turn,tnrtQCI"Crr vheara to the neck. Mrs. Burris discovered jone from ,aie prohibition standpoint.nd Pleasant streets, near " Aneara a. and beat out tho Mr. FanninB wm speak on Uie sameBurton's restaurant esterd.i ine hand which wern . u Me0lodist church incar struck teiepnoi poie ua I Millersburg, Thursday night at 7:30ing ine car iv cue w"1 "t -,i;0i10fn AfnPhPrsnn. acred four. 'ioV?75. Mrs. Champe escaped injury.j Elizabeth McPherson. aged four, o'clock.I daughter or Mr. ana .irs. a. m. jh-Plierson, Ol w uicuu&tei , ao wvij BOAKU Ur I MA ourcn v louno! burned and had a narrow escape iromWEATHER PREDICTIONS. death bv the explosion of a gas oven,in the kitchen range at her parent'The weather forecast for the re- home. Her forehead, cheeks and lipsmainder of this week is as follows: jwere badly burned, and her eyebrowst .: iroiiov nnfi TprmPSKP.fi ond hair burned off. Her mother, v. noColder and generally fair Tuesday was near her at the time, extinguishedand Wedaiesdaj'. Unsettled and warm- the flames. T4ie cause of the exrlo- j clerk Pearce Paton for reca.pitulati- , Thnwdav inH Fridav. cinn Ir unknown. tinner with snow Thursday and Friday, sion is unknown.COMPLETE WORK.The Board of Tax Supervisors ofBourbon County, which lias been atwork for the past two weeks, has competed their labors and adjourned. Thebooks are now in the hands of CountyLife continues to be a game of Follow the Leader"where men of judgment and wisdom lead, the restof us are glad enough to follow.During the Past Week 40 MenHave Insured Their Lives in Theortwestem fffuhialjCife insurance Co.Through This Agency, For9fore Vhan $160, 000The wisest and most successful men in the country to-dayare the greatest advocates of Life Insurance for the protection of their personal and business affairs.Every man needs Life Insurance, no matter what his circumstances. And when you take out your Policy your action isendorsed by the greatest business men of the day.The Road of Life Insurance is the Road to Success.RVF. CLENDENINAssociate Genera! AgentSuite 201 -202 first National Bank Building Phones: Cumb. 37, Home 72Paris, KentuckyMISS MARY HAYDEN, Secretary. MISS OLIVE MATTHEWS, Asst Secy.HOffice Open Tuesday and Wednesday Nights Until 12 o'clock. Comeand See Us.ffa'HPATTR TWOTHE BOURBON NEWS, PARIS, KY.TUESDAY, JANURAY 30, 1917.K1r!'ii iUWiHI1111r t I KT the tax Daver. Yet many of the peo- SHORT'COURSE INk lie O QUI D Oil il6WS pie who complain the most loudly areEstablished 188135 Years oftinuous Publication.ins of Municipal Engineers will hnHIGHWAY ENGINEERING held. A program has been arrangedCon- mo same ones wno aemana tiie 'most witn many interesting anu instructiveliberal appropriations for purposes in Under the auspices of the College lectures on this phase of engineerin ;which they take a personal interest. , of Civil Engineering and the State and it is hoped that a large number1 Published Every Tuesday and Friday. x0 kind of public expenditure is Department of Public Roads, the fourth of city officials, city engineers, sani-One "iear. ...?2.00 Six Months.. 1.00 niore sharply condemned than tihe lac-(annual Short Course in Highway Engi- tary engineers, and those interestedPayable in Advance. isn appropriations for government Jneering will be held at the University in this line of work will avail them-" buildings. Yet if one's own town j of Kentucky, under the direction of the selves of this opportunity. For fir-iSWlFT CHAMP, Editor and Owner, awarded a building, there are a lot of ilJighway Engineering Department of ther information, address,. people who will denounce the govern-) the institution. D. V. TERRELL..- .. i i ,1 .f .Tufc Ji it.iTnf iiTnliiTi Ji JiiTiiTiJi JuTiiTnTiiliiT -'V-V "V' 'I "1 U.fjT I 'I". . Ti I J i l'l III I II "-i-Tt iAgencytiSntered at the Paris, Kentucky, ment for its parsimony if brick is useJ j rplie purpose 0f uie R0ad School Pressor of Highway Engineering, .f.Postoffice as Mail Matter of the in place of costly stone. wjh ue 110t t0 turn out fmiShed engi- University of Kentucky. iSecond Class.) The -Have the Best of Everything" I neerSj '1)uL tnrough a lecture course Ji i wpwrrr-wt anlrit runs thrOUgh all OUr pUblil,, tu ,:- nnncwlnrnrl tn.rlnir tr, 'on the things considered to-day toAny erroneous reflection upon the finance. It is felt to be unworthy o1" Q ne ljest DracHce jn this ijne j INACiIVITYcharacter, standing or reputation ot town, city. State or Nation, ifany person, firm or corporation which economy spirit it shown. Lavishnessiwork, to instruct and invite the comay appear in tne columns ot tiiiu is considered essential to dignity.auLiiiJUJN Ktxb will uegiaaiycor-, Public llnancereeled if brought to attention of Uic.Bankn& illsurailcepames also pay tneir!for marble and bronzenCAUSES CONSTIPA--T-t - n. t I X. MrTtr i f iiictniif on1 invito fllO r. IxJiHmjoperation of Highway and Countv ftf . m1 RnnH Tnfinnprs Tnsnprtnrs mid flon- - . .... A.no evcention . 7 1, t . irequent cause ol constipation. You Xntw " " tractors, as well as- County Judges, feel heavy, dull and listless, your com-ianu udiei cu.n -memDers 0f the Fiscal Courts and of nipxinn is snllnw nnri nimniv nnri on. IIUOIie lil ISII13 'ncnniinllv oiinnintnil t-ro fl onimmiccinil' nrrrir of lrkXr nlili Olnin im tliJr. n-iwl . ISTACY - ADAMSSHOESfTTvTTTTTTTrn'EDITORIAL MUSINGS.r O OftCTAoniolli 0 tnrfcinf rwl Tro fl nmrrmiiccmn ' nroir of lnf 0I1I1 Plno tin li?rt nMrli;ojuoiuiij aipviiituii 1 wtvu v,viiiiiAfcjtjs - fc-J -- iih vuu, -ttiJ. u.J L4HO tUUUri11 IS t)LlieL 1 , A11 cute w:ii im rnon tn ppnprjl Hon at oncft with Dr. KimrR Npw T.iF -2.that a lavish display -oi fine stone, cliscussion after the various lecturer, VMs, a mild laxative that relieves the5niuuti uuu uuu jiiv inv tjub" "v CQ ihat different views on all classes vyjngcoiuu nawuuus wnuuui gi linug. ,j,7-oo and $7-50jditional business to pay for their. or roa( ,JlxiI(lIng nmy be heard.Problems of the Retail fIcrchant.needs :g' Tho lcctures wil1 be delhercd by ing. 25c at your Druggist.cost Perhaps they do.Tint tin jrnvorniiiniit nvfradvertise its business. No more chil- Senior, l"sHay Engineers from thedren come to school merely because .- """f" oiaies uiiice m i-uu.ic .voaa.higher grade of fancy brick is used in h' the State Road Engineers of Ken-the building .tucky and by the Prjfessors frcjn tis-Cheapness' pays in public constru:- 'Institution. Every phase of roadtion. Poor material and poor work,uu,Mn5 W1" uu Iwut,eu' uu,u ""LW nu.ji- awi.i.. j-. . -. . - '"-A uose betore retiring will assure youa full and easv movement, in t.Ip. mnrn i !., V..w ..V ...V... .(adv-jan)requirements of the public. In tho stop, the people must be satisn'i A" " " -' w -in people are reasonable. But then, 1 with a degree of simplicity that w.T of Kentucky is invited to attendnanv cases of unjust demand? Ucem bare and plain to many. I At the same time and place a imcc-traumwA:People who were never engaged ooiapioyed in reUiil trade have littlvidea of the pains most merchants wil! Itake to vnlease the nublic. "When I . tion. Poor material and poor work7vk- rhic ctnrn nn rjf niflit " save mm nm flip n.Tt pistlv. Rllt tin MX U3- Surveymerchant, "I feel that at least my Soulier gets no benefit from luviriine-s. H cons ruction will be discussed fromis mv own, and 1 can do what 1 thin 'one town does it, the neighbors emu- the earth roads to concrete and bnc.xis right. But there are many times, late the example, and they might jnrf roads It is expeced that he largervken I have to sink my own sense of 'as well have used plainer material Koad School ever held at the Univerfairness and justice in order to mc jlf the increase of tax bills is ever to sity will take place at this tune.Mi reniiIrPi..ontR of tlie nulilin. Intho'ston. the people must be satisliM There will be no cost and any citizenNMtinareifeibt are terribly irritating." I Congress just now is being lectured jTor instance," he continued, "a man 'on the duty of economy. Most peopie jcarje in here one day and wanted to believe in it theoretically except for jexchange some collars. They weren't jtheir own districts. Ana eery o:i?bought here nor in tdiis town. He had knows well enough that at each se--gotthem off on sn:c trip, had brough si'on tho appropriations of the provioastbem home, and then didn't like them. Congress will be exceeded. It's the .W.He thought he could come in hre and tional spirit.get us to work tiham oif for him and jaive him some of our regular goods ::i ' ROOT PRAiScb wii-bUJNexchange."' "These collars were unlike jA,HB1 .V -- Mtl J-V r-hV V h Imuiifs autu ... "-- ;-, WASHINGTON. January 2n. Th?were so Vauch cheaper that n wowi'hworld ,)eace address of President Wil-!have hurt our trudo to ?eii nioai. sou lo the Senate was interpreted bysimply could do nothing with tiiem, Elihu Iloot in a speech in Washing- jmti. we told him go. He went off ton as an admission that there jUnify, and has never been inside ourjis no way out or the war except bMere siiice." preparation for war. and as a demn: ir.-. ....j.- i.ii.s., , c ?! '-hi of ip c:urse o uenna iy. ii'ijk tj u;iT-e ivt rr . iiiitmit:ii -..-- --i ...i. ..-- ..w- -,..-r-... .. jAvwrk. off his collarsthem for him, the beiliare done would be to uii-jw woo r.: yr Roo, snoi;0 before tho Nationslilie rubbish barrel, and charge their , security League's Congress of ConUue up to advertising. And really J M.ructive Patriotism, beginning aas a pure business proposition, that three-day session. He appealed for :would have been the thine to do. The-rrnin to the "basic principle upontrade of his we lost was worth nmtfi!.lch the Government was founded,more than a total loss on those miso- uni versa 1 military service as the onlvable collars." adequate measure of clcfense.'iiiericiii iieuuiuii . luiuiuruMi. -NOTHING TO WORRY ABOUT."Comet B 1916," is due to appearnext spring, blazing forth night afternight with its tail sweeping an immense arc through the heavens. Itis now approaching the earth at th-rate of 1,000,000 miles a day."Radiant nut" is a kind of coal.describes ateo the bridegroom of 1H17,who has married upon the theory thattwo can live as cheaply as one!4'I"I"l"lI"I'lt"I"'l"Il4't"ll'l"I"l'l"I'lI,,I"I"I',l',I I"I"IlitlllllI',I,,t"l''IIMS,'S",i'Kl'I,lt,I,'I Take Advantage of Theseand Save Money.PricesLINVILLE:JL.1Jtrtf?Wi 'AUtFOR PEACE STANCr no oblatson ti. ("-r! l'yA 0I lMe 3rse oi vjnim.. u-i jt vp hi!fiVo.i I said h was in full sjnpathv with the;.t e nan wx-.i t th0 gpepci,. Whieh contain-'best thing we couul ;'cd Tmucl lloble idealism." I, II Am in' 1 1 1 ics mmm in i n 1 1 1 m jme iiiiuiuiu.il u..l u.. m .. t"-u i declared bv the principle of "liberty ES&ttxG&z&sstt. -,-LyHtMs illustrated how he had to deal '"rnaUonal evoliition" asserted by Her-, ..8with many people who Jiave no exp-j manyt tjlc application of which has '"'Pl -' " ' T-- -''-. -x-'x ,7 . -." - -:&&&? ' ?? jvr.'- - - - gii-Z -'? Vr, '':' 'Vrience with business methods. A man ; meant the overwhelming of Serbia jl. " "s-; '" 'v.-- -- . " ' ? '-,'' ' - '''z'?'- - ..-"V.- . ri'd:.yp - X- jfaaniliar with the ordinary ways an 1 pnd Belgium, and which, if -approved . . '-- ; .- -.x ' V "; " ,..r- . ' '.' -.r ''iCfV -'if "- " ". :!&SZ' r riMideas of business men would never by the world, will mean that "our' i't .. , S . - :.::r" 3--v ''." -; ' - ", '? ";- : sr-w &? -. l' - - J.- 4-- 'V' VnjV:" '?: - ' fask for any such exchange. The met-; Atmerican freedom will surely die, and &.-i&3M' 'Mchant is up against i, f SSetary of State- con- fe --Whether to yield to people wn mak strucd Mr WHson,s j , for a pvf- T.-. "$ferrc feffeimi - 'ym&MStfaase unbusmess like propositions, or j e of nations for peace as mcan. S?W O A Y 'W,4to take his stand on the establish-. i w the formation of a convention un- feU '" ' nCSvH; ." fssandai-ds of tr.-"e. :- thereby seem der whidi liberty of action would be SR::''' ifii""--- ?& T? " ' ' ' ' ' "A-. "'::'- i M2&;-?''"'-0 HkV5 -J--J'"'"" '-VSfiJV: i,'9the dislikeof the : my )eop!e with- l-ft to every signatory power to do- &?'- ''4 -"j. --isCA .- ' ::f'r-wll&&'M. ,A && t.-$2&-'0 m?Z -V "'SsCT"-l5p f 7-y - -'"out bttsiiije S-..5C. is - problem which termine its duty toward the maintcn- K4 ct ':' ' fcCyMbothers many stores. ;ce of peace. - fcV r:? : f . Jj-V . lttf&Zffi&$P ffiijfeV V- X-v - '" IriV "'-! "Dut. observe." he added, "that K ." - C "S-" "--i?V.- :': V' c?"' ',- : jIESf '--V-: 'O , -- -' -ftl (yS 2&32&&- '-:SMinisters and Money. I J-Hat agreement is worthless . ineanin- .- ; . r---- -.,..- . v , KiL "5Pv f - -t-"X --V :. V. 1 Iff ".less, unless tuo nations that enter in- pf i... . .. ... . ..-- .- .-...- - -;U::::;;; l -J s-j? - - ' .. ",.. .-i?i:. . tt7iC -z0& - ':Should a cl-nsyinan enwp in busi- to it keep their power behind it. It L ;: -, - 'JQCe&nf'' ' "-"'- w-Xfii; ' Saass ven-ar?:.? I. U legitimate for 1 be a worthless agreement: on our $&- ' 'fSf,, ...... ., ;-t ..fv!?r5?v-' " j.-T: :1 t 7' lPhim to p- into .c-UtirgJt if ha, tshijw. a sohhe, ffeilife. av r i.iiuie uu.;ii .t '- y. iu in hihiu-s ai Id CIfWlWlr MS1 SVare iemg aiscusea. ioiiowmg ?n cn- tenance 0f that peacefession g Re. Dr. Xewell Hillis, ofBrooklyn, N. Y.. regarding his financial misfortunes.For .most ministers this questionnever rises. The average clergymanreceives scarcely the pay of a skilledmechanic. He is compelled to live i.ian elect residential district. lie musthave a home suited to entertain thLadies' Aid Society. Formal blackclothes must be possessed, and hiowife must look like a lady.Perhaps imprudently, he has raiseda family. He may rashly think of educating them. After all such bills ar?paid, the field of business ventur-jlooks as distinct as Mars. How longsince you have seen a minister reading the stock market reports?In towns of some wealth, however,there is a minority of ministers whoare somewhat more fortunate in .1money way. Thoy may accumulat0some small savings. What can an Ishould tfiey do with them?The world never casts out the business man for tuking a "ilier." Usually it is poor judgment, but contrnrvto no received moral code But soaneJiow would not one feel juht a bit disillusioned, were ho to hear his pastorearnestly discussing the question,whether Steel Common wee not selling too low, or if pood money couMnot be made in buying certain realestate? Is this a fal.se or true instinct?This at least can be said: It take-;a long pull at the speculative game toknow its tricks and its manners. APclergymen am) teachers should recognize the limitations of the woolly lamb.He can never be a bull or a bear.The world expects a clergyman tostand for spiritual feeling. A manmust stand a little apart to sethrough the .mists of life. The struggle for dollars is too abosrbnig. Jtgrips the ftiind, and obscures the deeper insights. Ir may be wrong, but iidoes not help a clergyman to see farther horizons. Witliout that gift, hi-'work misses its full mission.PAINFUL COUGHS RELIEVED.Dr. King's New Discovery is a sooth'ing. healing remedy : r coughs ?iui'colds that has stood iho lest of nearly.fifty years. For that cough that strainstho thiv d saps the vitality, tryDr. Kins'd .-7 Discovery. The soothjing pine i$3ams and mild laxative ingredients s-Jtm drive the cold from thesystem. Rave a bottle on hand forJ winU-r colds, croup, grippe and bronIchial affections. At your Druggist, 50c.I (adv-jan)My folks down South keep telling me: "Beclean and sveet and pure." And I'll betyou I am just about the purest cigaretteever made!SMALL TOWNS AND MOVIES.XSmall towns have to take what theycan get in the line of njnusomerit. Inthe moving picture department of thfFebruary Woman's Home Companionan article about tihe novios says:"Lhing in a small tov. n has oipdisadvantage that no one can denycity people can select the knid andform of entertainment that suits theirfancy musical comedy, opera, farce' melodraima. concert, ten-reel photoplay spectacle, or vaudeville. SmaPtown people have to take what theycan get. usually the motion pictureshow, and in some towns there is notmuch choice even in that."Now the desire to select is just a.strong whether the town is five thousand or fllty thousand. And the varieties of taste are just as many.Moreover, small towns themselves,show a wide divergence in the degreeto which they object to certain elements in films, to say nothing of com,'edies. For example, a girl shown onthe screen in a one-piece bathing suitwill often seem shocking to the audience in an inland smail town, whereasa town with a bathing beach will sconothing objectionable. It is all in thjpoint of view."Why, the SOVEREIGN factory is dustedevery morning, just like a lady's parlor.That's the sort of home I have. AndI've got to make good all the time inthe look of me, and the smoke of me.The finest, whitest, cleanest home youever saw. Only the purest, sweetest, richest Virginia and Carolina tobacco entersthere. And when I come out, wrappedin the daintiest of white imported paperdon't you know I am proud to be aSOVEREIGN?The Difficulties of Economy.Congress, legislatures and city goernmonts are constantly exhorted to.be- more economical. The increasingsine of tax bills, local, State and National, is condemned and resented by,You Folks of the South KNOW good blood IYou Folks of the South KNOW good tobacco!Next to good breeding is good dress and good taste and I have them all. That's myclaim to your friendship. I can't say more, exceptAJLci4A tdr Sr3L, SL-A,. -,I am gsxaffanfceed fey ' ' .coooovfJ3- Buy me.If you don't like ssie return me to yowc dealer and getyour money back. I have said it A Southern gentleman is knownthe world oner for keeping his word, and I have given you mineWOMEN OF SEDENTARY HABITS.Women who get little exercise arelikely to be troubled with constipationand indigestion and will find Chamberlain's Tablets highly beneficial. Notso good as a three or four mile walkevery day, but very much better thanto allow the bowels to remain m aconstipated condition. They are easyand pleasant to take and most agreeable in effect. Obtainable everywhere.(adv-jan)SFOR S2SS BSsTTIi32MAN OF THE SOUTH0 '"J&nf cffMetw OC&tt'vXTUESDAY JANUARY 30. 1917.THE BOURBON NEWS, PARIS, KY.PAGE THREEliANNOUNCEMENT.FOR STATE SENATOR.We are authorized to announce LEEWA1XSCOTT, of Winchester, as am candidate for the nomination for theoffice of State Senator in the Twentveighth Kentucky Senatorial District,composed -of Clark, Bourbon and Montgomery counties, in the primary election to be held on August 4, 1917. H3asks your support in his race upon abroad and liberal platform.We are authorized to announceGEORGE HON, of Winchester, as acandidate for the nomination for theoffice of State Senator in the Twenty- (ujfcuuL iveiituuKv senatorial District, i n .,,. y- - tcehiposed of Clark, Bourbon and Mont- HclVe (X iSOttie 11 an CI V !(,uMivi.' wuiiura, in tiiv; jjh uiury eiecion to be held on August 4, 1917. I faisks your support in his race upon a)road and liberal platform.mmmmrQMMExv& ,H H :mm Mmk 17 ,, I 1SOCIAL AND PERSONAL.'Comings and Goings of Ourreopie Here, There andElsewhere.Mrs. Amne Prichard has gone :o.Martinsville, Indiana, for a ten-daysstay.Mr. and Mrs. W. A. Beheler andfan:.ily have .moved to Lexington toreside in the future.' Mrs. Win. II. White, of South Mainstreet, is again a patient at the Maasie Memorial Hospital.Miss Corinne Collins is a guest ofMisses Elizabeth and Lucy Howell, inJ Huntington, West Virginia.Miss Ruby Redwitz, of the NorthMiddletown College faculty, is re-S loan's Liniment is assigned its coverins from a ten-days' illness,place among the trusted family Misses Nell and Nora Rourke haverAmpri;nC;nonnl i i"jy as guests Misses Anna Bnright, ofremedies m thousands Of medl- Ricnd, and Loretta Brannon, oft-iuc ciuacLi.. vjonnaence in it is Lexington.uuauu UII U1U uniiorm eneCtlVeneSS -tMra. P.PnnrP. ttlniitnn anil snnto announce wifli -t1-.;oV. : u.,,,:i, i : c i,. a !. i .-.. t-...GEORGE W. JUDY, of Paris as a can- 11 . L ua,li.iauca luc Va,I.lb OL , ,cT1,eu lu. lr " ""1C " 'Hdidate for the namnaratin , nmininn uuun, neuralgia, gom, lumDago, tuu, .illi a vibii io .ur. ana .urd.for die office of Jailer of Bniirl on !?i1 ""V""010' ?rmse.s 6Pra,ns fnd ilarry L'mv,lle 011 feasant street.cornitv. siibinoi. to ti, oH r ,,' D"m":- , """ easier io use man Mrs. A. P. Bryan has returnedDemocratic nartv at thn s nrfn.nrv nior. "ii:,?'a"ers .r,0,mtrn?"ts-. ll P? r' fi a visit to her daughter, Mr- ... x-.v-v. uuu itiicvcs quickiv minnnffr rtfnhinrr.At all druggists, 25c. 50c. and $1.00.We areFOR JAILER.authorizedESItion on August 4, 1917.We are authorized to announce J.W. Hart, of Bourbon county, as a candidate for Jailer, subject to the actionof the Democratic partv, at the Stateprimary, August, 1917.We are authorize to announceJOHN H. DOTY, of Paris precinct, asa candidate for the Democratic nomination for Jailer of Bourbon Couutv,subject to the action of the Democratic primary in August, 3317.tvrw'i i w i umajagag" ,i --,. ,.i,jiiir.jjm Redmon, in Frankfort, acconi'panied by her granddaughter, SidneyRedmon.- Miss Juliet Turner ihas returncato her studies at Hamilton College, inLexington, after a visit to her parents. Mr. and Mrs. Edward Turner,near Paris.- -Mrs. A. B. Barclay has returned(') Georgetown, after a visit to hermother, Mrs. George K. Redmon, whohas b.en a patient at the Massie Mo; lorial -Hospital for some time.Miss Florence Hopkins, of the LitU. S. GOVERNMENT FORDANISH WEST INDIES. e Rock vicinity, has gone to Wiimore, Ky.. to be with Mrs. NanimWASHINGTON, January 29. The Mark, formerly of this county, whoWe are authorized to announceWALKER RISER, of the Kiserton precinct, as a candidate for the Democratic nomination for the office of lcrai ot government for the Danish has been very nl there for some timeJailer of Bourbon county, subject to West Indis, Uncle Sam's late pur- Mr. and Mrs. Thomas McLaughthe action of the Democratic party at chase was discussed at a conference lm. have returned from their Souththe primary election in August, 1917. last we?k between Secretary Lansing ern honeymoon trip, and will remain inand Senator Stone, Chairman of the Paris for the present. Mrs. McLaugl.muee. are authorized to announce Foreign Relations Committee. ! lin was formerly .Miss Nellie Schwartz.THOS. TAUL as a candidate for Jailer Senator Stone recommended, and J Mr 7 T Tiir-kor qnnirintfnflPiUooflne SZSii? " aC " atti$ , V,,at SeCretary of iis'owJ ,11 ,SS r Primary. sing agreed that the present form oflan LIfe isurance Company, attend-T MiiVnQnv l ann."nfcefC- government should be continued as ttl the meeting of the eomnanv Super-LwnfEnnr.-; candidate for nearly as possible under the direc- intendents held in New Yo'rk recently.Jailer of Bourbon County, subject to tion of either an armv or naval oili-i ,r .....the action of the Democratic State cer, as deemed best by President Wil , Js' . JaniGS Il'10tt- formerlyorimarv. Aucust. 1917. snn. Thn nnspnt fnrm nf nvffl.nn.nt .-",M i-uuioc -latuu.s miu iuis uuun' U w --w j. www..w .v..... V. U I V.1 IUI1V.1UT .. . . A is very simple and centers 1We are authorized to announce W. nhnn ., .mnai o;i ,..O. BUTLER, of Paris, as a candidate itaItefl suffrage. An American cub !ias returncd t0 hei' ll0,G ear Hutch-for the Democratic nomination for the toms official also will be appointed. jlson-office of Jailer of Bourbon county, sub- The chief question as to whether ' Mr- E- M- Dickson left Saturdaylect to the action of the Democratic the island should be under an army orlor Litt,e Rock, Arkansas, to accom-State primary, in August, 1917. naval officer. Senator Stone said, wi!l'uan-v Mrs- Dickson, who has been..... be left for the decision of th Tr.i. t visiting her daughter, Mrs. Duwe are authorized to announce .i inimi wniinnio mni Afv vh;in u..ir!,"".; j patient at the Massie Memorial llo-j-0j. ' pital. in this city, for several weeks,JOHN W. KING as a candidate for thedent.The navy, which was largely instru-uommation of Jailer of Bourbon coun- mental in the purchase of the islands,ty, subject to the action of the Demo- as a valuable naval base in theoratic primary, on Saturday, August Caribbean and near the Panama4, 2917. Canal, desires a government somewhatlike that of Guaan. The army wouldmo Acccccnc like control of the islands on theto ParisMiss Lizzie Grannan and Mr. Edward Grannan, of Cincinnati, and Mr.Joseph Grannan, of Kansas City, Mo.,who were called here to attend thefuneral and burial of their mother.Mrs. Anna Grannan. have returned toWe are authorized to announce Mr basis that the insular bureau the their respective homes.Walter Clark, of Paris, as a candl- War Department already controls J Mr. George Ni;opert. of Cincinnatidate for the Democratic nomination ?llost of tne island possessions. who has been with his brother. Mrfor the office of Assessor of BourbonCounty, with Mr. John J. Redmon, ofthe North Middletown precinct, asDeputy Assessor, subject to the action ,cl tne uemocrauc party at tne primaryHOW TO CHECK THAT COLD.' Ed. Nippert, in St. Petersburg, Florida,J lor several weeks for ti'ie benefit of his(health, writes to friends and relathcsI in Paris that he has improved greatlv.When it is nainful to breath :inl ,Tllis WH e Sod news to Mr. Nip-election to be held on Saturday, Aug fever sends chills up and down yourl1-1155 "" ueie.4. 1917. They respectfully ask you back, you are in for a cold. A timely) Mr. and Mrs. O. 13. Chisholrn,&wpporL dose -of Dr. Bell's Pine Tar Honey will newly wed&, the bride being formelstop the sneezes and sniffles. The pine -Miss Ethel Baldwin, of Paris, saillWe are authorized to announce Mr. balsam loosens the phlegm and clears Ion the steamer "Rvndam" from NewGorge D. Speakes, of Paris, as a can- tiie bronchial tubes, the honey soothes I ork, Saturday, for Liverpool, Engdidate for the Democratic nomination 11(i relieves the sore throat. The anti-'Huul. where they will remain a monthfor the office of Assessor of Bourbon septic qualities kill the germ and the ' rro:n tJiero they will proceed to theirOounty, with Mr. Lee R. Craven, of congested condition is relieved. Croup, ! future home in Rhodesia. South A'the Little Rock precinct, as Deputy whooping cough and chronic bronchial ,nca.Assessor, subject to the action of the affections quickiv relieved. At all I vOther Personals on Page S)Democratic nartv at the nrimarv elec- i-.,.rrioo or ' Ition to be held on Saturday. August 1, & ' (adv-jan)1917. They respectfully ask your sup-port. .GERMANS TAKE FRIENDLYNATIVE SHADE TREES FORTHE DIXIE HIGHWAY.VIEW OF PIECE NOTE.FOR MAYOR. IWe are authorized to announce Mr EERLIN. Jan. 29.-7-The first impresJames M. Moreland, of Paris, as a sion made by President Wilsoncandidate for the office of Mayor of speech before the Senate as reflectedtffie city of Paris, subject to the action in newspapers is not an unfriendlyof the voters of the city at the pri- one although the President is regardedmary election to be held on August 4, as having brought up certain points3917. Your support is respectfully which the Central Powers find it unsolicited, possible to concede.NOWis the ideal time to visitFLORIDAor theGulf Coast ResortsGet away from the cold and enjoy life in the land ofSunshine and Flowers.Low round trip fares and excellent service viaLOUISVILLE NASHVILLE R.R.For particulars call upon local agents o! this railroad.Objection to fruit and nut trees being planted along the Dixie Ilighwaj.which extends from Michigan to Florida, are advanced by J. R. Barton,State Forester. His objections tofruit trees are that they have to bosprayed and carefully attended in order to bear fruit. He also believesthat depredations by boys would render fruit and nut trees unsightly. Hesuggests that native shade trees beplanted along tine entire route. Inthe far South it would be possible tohave a splendid roadway of live oakmagnolia and palms. Further North,white and red burr, black pin, scarletoak, red gum, sycajnore, sugar maple,beach, elm and yellow poplar couldbe grown. Still farther North it wouldbe possible to raise the ash and basswood. He would not recommend theuse of evergreens as a main scheme,but sugests that evergreens and flowering trees could be used as a background for the shade trees. Anothersuggestion offered by State ForesterBarton is for the organization ofcommunity leagues to give special attention to the trees along "the highway in their respective vicinities.IT'S SURPRISING.MARDIGRASOnly a Day and Night to New OrleansLOUISVILLE & NASHVILLE R. R.Tickets on sale daily February 12 to 19, inclusive.New Orleans $23.55; Mobile $21.00; Pensacola $20.70,Round Trip From Paris.Sleeping car fare $4.00 to $4.50 each way. Board at bestprivate homes SI. 00 per day, or at first-class hotels $2.00 perday and up. For particulars see L. & N. Agent.tCall for list of hotels, rooming and boarding houses IThat So Many Paris People Fail ToRecognize Kidney Weakness.Are you a bad back victim?Suffer twinges; 'headaches, dizzyspells?Go to bed tired get u,p tired?It's surprising how few suspect thekidneys.It's surprising how few know whatto do.Kidney trouble needs kidney treatment Doan's Kidney Pills are for the kidneys only.Have convinced Paris people of theirmeritHere's a Paris case; Paris testimony.Kidney sufferers hereabouts shouldread it.Mrs. Chas. McCord, S. PleasantStreet. Paris, says: "I have used Doan's Kidney Pills on different occasions, getting them from Oberdorfer'sdiug store and I have found them isplendid medicine. Whenever my kidneys have been irrgeular in action orwhen my back has been weak andla,Tne, I have always found that a boxor so of Doan's Kidney Pills provessufficient to cure me of the attack.Price 50 cents at all dealers. Don'tsftnply ask for a kidney remedy getDoan's Kidney Pills the same thatMrs. McCord had. Foster-Milburn Co.,Props., Buffalo, N. Y. (adv)ltdilfllillillfllllillKflHESKpKvvftwEIBVjkWyV '". -V ' 4UHHBr Xt-afete.? mi3jffigii&;.."41" .This is Daisy Baker's Mother. Herhints and suggestions on householdeconomy and home baking, which willappear in these columns from time totime, will be found of interest andvalue to every housewife, ,V"-4r,- '&:'& tesz" - -MiaWhat CanYou Do to Cut Downivin?the Cost of L'Start in with baking at home.It's easy to make good breadbetter than you can buy andyou'll be surprised how much youcan save." What you save on the cost of thebread is only half the story. Thebetter your bread, the more yourfamily will eat, and, in eating morebread they will naturally eat less ofother more expensive foods."There is twice as much food valuein a pound of flour as in a poundof meat and the meat will costyou probably five times as much.fr"All you need is a good recipe and agood flour these two things areessential."One of the best flours that I knowone that I have used in my own bakingfor years, is made in Ohio right inthe Miami Valley where the rich limestone soil produces a soft winter wheatof peculiarly superior quality."Ask your grocer for a sack of jWilliam TellFlour"It's easy to work with; you can useit for everything, and it gives a mostdelicious nutty flavor to your baking.'Try it in your own home."iaflWILUIAM 1J- LL 1-LOUR is the Flour of the Triple Guarantee, y:uuarameea under tne unio -better!' lour .Label, by the manufacturer who made it, and by the grocer who sells it.ll!:l!iiiKiira!!ii:!:ifcgallliillllH!i!lMI!.ttitt!'JIHIIIIUUlllltlUIIUI!mtt1IIIULUU!IIMBllUIUIlSllltiUi! UiHiBIUUiiniiU HRffl MMRM UMUHRMffllFor Sale fcy AU Leading Dealers.A HMm m,LL H Bj B Hi M B HI b H H S m H H M M M 9 m i HON DECEMBER 1stThe business of Prichard & Ballwas taken over bycnyaBALIiwho will conduct said business in thefuture. All parties knowing themselves indebted to the above firm willPlease Call and Settle !PRICMARB&BALLCorner Fourth and Pleasant StreetsBoth Phones 66PARIS, KENTUCKY.H1 1 1 11 111 H llAWlM HH HKtF I ! t H II 1 IhSiuu-1? ,jjt,!-?PAGE FOURTHE BOURBON NEWS, PARIS, KY.TUESDAY, JANURAY 30, 1917PARIS BOWLING LEAGUE.vI' iI'Mu8KAt the Fordham. Alleys ThursdaylUght-ttie Fordhajn team defeated theBourbon. Laundry team in the ParisBowling League series by a majoritypi 16. For the victors Thcluas rolled201 in the third game for first honors,followed by Determan for second place"with a score of 190 in the third gann.Punk stood high man for the Laundryteam, with 201 in the second game,and also carried off second honors byrolling 1G9 in the first game. Thenext game will be played to-night between the R. P. Walsh and BourbonXiundry teams. The score of Thursday's game follows:FORDHAM.1 2Taylor 165Swearengen 117Determan 162Kane 128Thomas 169! DEATHS.':CRAVEN.I Lorine Craven, the five-year-old; daughter of Mr. and Mrs. Calvin Craven, died Friday .morning at the homelot her parents, on the VanMeter pike,about tJiree miles from ClintonvilleBesides her parents, she is survivedby four brothers and one sister. The! funeral was held at the Clintonvillei Cemetery, at two o'clock, Saturday afternoon. with services conducted atjthe grave by Eld. Newton L. Shrop, shire.147'13512515512812318S19015420 LTotalsJacksonBurginKeal ..Santen .Funk ..741 690 856LAUNDRY.12 3138 155 14'.141 139 138137 128 12i121 134 112169 201 141Totals 706Fordham TotalsLaundry TotalsFordhajn Majority ...tin boa22S72151.136COUNTY GRADUATESTAKE EXAMINATION.TUCKER.Many of the present residents ofParis will be surprised to learn of thedeath of Mr. Frank B. Tucker, inNew York. Mr. Tucker was a residentlot Paris many years ago, where hewas engaged in the dry goods business. Mr. Tucker was an uncle ofJohn C. Morris and Walter L. Morris, of Lexington, formerly of Bourbon county. For a number of year.3since leaving Paris, Mr. Tucker hadlived in New York and Boston. Although advanced in years he held a responsible position as bookkeeper in jlarge establishment in New York until just a few days before his death.He is survived by one daughter, Mrs.j Walter- Goddard, of Westboro,aiass., ana one son. iir. uurus rucKer,of Pittsburg. He was a brother of thelate Mrs. Elizabetih Morris and Mr.Joseph Tucker, both of Lexington.Twenty-one graduates of the Common Schools of Bourbon County tookthe examination Friday morning at theoffice of Miss Mabel Robbins, CountySuperintendent of Schools, in thecourt house. The examination wasconducted by Prof. E. M. Costello, andcontinued! over to Saturday.The following is a list of those whotook the examination: White Milton Adair, Elizabeth Ross, EdwardFitzgerald, Graydon Florence, MiriamGalloway, Kathleen Harney, T. A. Hendricks, Jr., John R. Neal, Oakley Ryles.Ruby C. Shropshire and Dora WagoTier; Colored Viola Beatty, LewisBradley, Carrie MaiSie, Beatrice Duckworth, Mollie Henderson, Lillian Hickland, Ethelbert McKee. Stanley Morton, Bertha Vaughn and Admiral Geo.Dewey Woods.ri t- i-er paid DnilMnCIt I fl-MI ur mm .. w ,BUU-Umu oi I cs.The plat of the Fair Grounds, onSouth Main street, will be completeand ready for inspection about January15, and can be seen at the Deposit &Peoples Bank. These grounds will becut into desirable and roomy acretracts and are to be placed on saleFebruary 3.This is the most desirable tract ofland around Paris for suburban homes,and no doubt will find a ready sale toBourbon people.For full particulars call on theundersigned,WILDER, CAYWOOD & GOREY,(lOjan-td) - Paris, Ky.A FAITHFUL LIKENESS.R1GHTER.Mrs. Mary Hester Righter, formerlyof Ruddles Mills, this county, wife ofthe late Dr. Geo. W. Righter, died a,the home of her son. Dr. T. M. Righter,in Cynthiana, with w,hom she hasmade her home for a number of years,and who has tenderly cared for herfor a number of years. Her deathwas due to uraemic poisoning.She was the daughter of the lateJames and Martha Megibben Miller,of Shawhan, and was nearly 67 yearsof age. She was a member of theChristian church. About fourteenyears ago she unoved to Cynthianawith her husband from Shawhan andhas since resided there. She is survived by her son. Dr. T. M. Righter,and one sister, Mrs. Anthony Smith,of Kansas.The funeral services, conducted byRev. J. D. Armstead and Rev. C. W.Elsey. were held at the Christianchurch Friday afternoon at 2 o'clockand the burial occurred in BattleGrove Cemetery. Tlie pall-bearerswere: Messrs. P. R. Megibben, WadeH. Lail. Joe M. Kimbrough, lL V.Bishop, R-f . Megibben, Win. IIYoung.Mr. Charles Shea, son of Mrs. P. DShea, of Paris, who has gained jnonthan local fame as an artist, has justcompleted a fine medallion portrait,modelled in wax, of Mr. Wm. Fick"lin, of Paris, which is a most striking likeness of that gentleman.The medallion will be used as amodel for a bas-relief carving to becut on a granite monument which willbe erected in the Paris Cemetery bythe Murray & Thofjnas Company, ofwhich Mr. W. A. Wallen is local manager. The portrait is now on exhibition in the show window of theFicklin storeroom.. Mr. Shea has for several years beenengaged as sculptor in the employ ofone of the largest monument firmsin Cincinnati. He has executed someremarkably clever work in his linethat stafinps him as a genius.OBERDORFER.Mr. Louis Oberdorfer, aged sixtyone, head of the Loan Bank, of Louisville, died Saturday morning at tinhomo of his sister-in-law. Mrs. Mosc;Straus, in Louisville, of a complication of kidney trouble and hardeningof the arteries.Mr. Oberdorfer had been in badhealth for over a year. Followingthe death of his wife, Mrs. SophiaStraus Oberdorfer, in September.1916, his condition grew worse. Hewas twice treated at Louisville hospitals, and as soon as his conditionwould permit he would return to h:soffice. He was able to attend to business affairs until Thursday.Mr. Oberdorger was a native ofHenderson, Ky., where he had beenengaged in the jewelry business before going to Louisville, whehe he became president of the old GermanSecurity and Loan Company. He wasan Elk, Mason ,and member of theB'n'ai B'rith. He was a brother ofMr. N. Oberdorfer, the Paris druggist.The funeral was held at the residence of Mrs. Straus, in Louisville.Sunday afternoon at 2:30 o'clock,with interment in the Adath IsraelCemetery.RECEIVES PROMOTION.Mr. Marion Douglass, son of Mr.and Mrs. Jas. S. Douglass, of Paris,who has been in the employ of theLouisville & Nashville railroad atMiddlesboro, as baggage agent sinceNovember 1, has received a well-meritedpromotionMr. Douglass has been made nightticket agent at the Middlesboro station of the Louisville & Nashville,which carries with it a substantial increase in salary and chance for a further promotion.MflRGOLEN'SSPECIALSFor This WeekA CARD.TO THE VOTERS OF BOURBONCOUNTY:Owing to the fact that my officialduties are such as to prevent me fromseeing each voter in person throughoutthe county at present, I am unable todo so. I desire to remind the voterstliat I am still in the race for theoffice of Jailer of Bourbon county, andwill endeavor to see each one of themas ulie campaign progresses, or at leastas many as I possibly can. In themeantime I respectfully ask your support and influence.(It) J. W. KING.CARD FROM PROF. C. A. ELLIS.TO THE VOTERS OF BOURBONCOUNTY:I am considering the advisability ofentering the race for County Superintendents of Schools, and I ask you notto pledge your votes until I shall hatefully decided on making the race.Respectfully yours,C. A. ELLIS.JM1 Canned Goods2 for 25c24-pound sack Best Flourfor. $1.3025 pounds Best GranulatedSugar for $2.008 bars Lenox Soapfor. 25cBeef, Pork, Lamb,Veal and Dressedfowls at RightPrices.MARGOLIN'STHE SANITARY MEAT MARKETB-4 PI REInsure withW.O.HINTON &SON,Agts$4,000,000 FIRE SWEEPSPITTSBURG, SATURDAYFire which swept through a sectionof the retail business district inPittsburg, Saturday, destroyed thePrank & Seder department store, theHilton Clothing Company's house, theGrand Opera House, and a dozen ormore smaller buildings with a loss estimated at from $3,000,000 to ?4,000,000.Four firemen were seriously hurtand a dozen or more so badly injured that they were rclmoved tjhospitals.Fire, wind and lightning insurance. Thomas, Woodford& Bryan.FIRE FOLLOWS DANCE.The Era Theatre at Prestonburgwas destroyed by fire. Fire of unknown origin started after a dance hadbeen held in the tjheatre Friday night.Ii JQ BlErt&z"Hoosier SpecialTo the First 26 Women who CallHoosier Kitchen Cabinets, asnearly every woman knows, arethe finest in the world, both fromthe stand point of beauty and convenience. They have places for 400 articles, all within arm's reach!They have 40 labor saving inventions that save you miles of stepsand hours of time.Women buy more Hoosiersthan any other five makes combined. That results in enormousoutput, low factory costs and lowprices.Hoosier prices are fixed pricesfixed at the factory. And neverbefore have we or any other storein America been able to make acut like this.But now as an extra Februarydrawing card we have securedthe maker's consent to the unparallelled reduction of $5 from thestandard price of the "HoosierSpecial." We stand part and themaker stands part.No More After These !These cabinets are fresh fromthe factory, glistening new andsplendidly equipped.But the number is positivelylimited. If all are taken Saturdaythat ends the price reduction. Thenext lot must be sold at the regular price.Sale Begins at 8 A. M.Saturday, February 3,Ends Saturday Night, February10th, at 10 O'clock.The terms of the Cut - PriceHoosier Sale are these:1 Pay only $1 when you orderthe "Hoosier Special."2 Pay the balance only $laweek.3 No interest, no extra fees.4 Your money all back if youare not delighted.5 Bona fide cut of $5 in theprice, but sale ends absokitely when 26 are sold.We Save You a DollarMix.nl-mute.It won't take you over five minutes to decide when you see thisunbeatable bargain. And in thatfive minutes you save $5.We'll accept your order by telephonebut unless an order is given no cabinets will be reserved.And please don't forget that numbers of women who have made uptheir minds to have the Hoosier willsee this offer and lose no time.Only by coming early Saturday canyou be SURE of getting one of thesewonderful cabinets at our unheard-ofprice.Lest you forget cut out this noticeNOW and pin it up where you will seeit the first thing Saturday morning.A. F. WHEELER & CO.Main St., opp. Court House CHAS. GREEN, ManagerParis, KentuckyPARIS GIRL MAKES HIGHQUAIL NOT HURTBASKET BALL SCORE. IBY HEAVY SNOW.The Bruce Miller farmof ! 22 acres, near Paris,In the Saturday issue o the Mays-1 According to reports received fromville Daily Bulletin appears the follow various parts of the county and froming "write-up" of the remarkable in- the special game wardens, the heavydividual score made by Miss Lena snows recently did not destroy theRose, center for the girls' basket ball quail. Similar reports were receivedteam of the Paris High School, in at Frankfort by Mr. J. Q. Ward, E:;the gv(me at Mays ville, Friday: ecutive Agent of the Kentucky Game"When a single, solitary individual and Fish Commission. Mr. Wardpossesses sufficient prowess to score stated tiliat the depanmtent is indebtedlorty-six points for her team in a to (many farmers who helped to feedbasketball game it is reasonable to the birds. The game wardens did ailpresume that the opposing team's they could, but were not able to coverchances for victory would be slight: the State.and as the Maysville High School ,cirls' five had to face iust such a Dron-: .-osition as this in tfie local auditorium CHlUKfciN ru i nta.Innf r-vr rry i v c flini fo li fln rooenn tfwonder at the 50-to-S victory which' What's better than Chicken Potthe Paris lassies scored over the local Pies that are made right? Ansjeigjg Nothing. We know how to make them."The individual alluded to in the The price per pie is IS cents. .nrevious naratrraDh was Miss Lena (1) .JAb. Hi. u . iRose, center for the girls' quintetfrom the Bourbon capital who scoredall but four of her team's fifty points.Miss Rose's performance was nothingshort of spectacular and she was I ..rill 'K cnlH a aiirtinniin -t-i 1 rt tittln tiflMl . lrx rtllf 1 T ""work. Being of much larger build ThlirSday, reD. 6. JCtthan any of her opponents, Miss Rose (JpscriDliVe advertise"would often hold off her opponents ut,:3V- k T.with one hand and with the other meilt Oil patje A OT f liegracefully toss the ball into the bas- Kntlirklrin-riliZPnket. Her work was by far the most i iphenomenal ever witnessed in M. II.S. auditorium and established an in-' c r i rdividual record for High School bas- ffQ Sale 01 11 ilState.ket ball in this city. Miss Rose i? "" w.wsaid to have on a previous occasion, m sell at the Court Housc.scored fifty-six points in one game. I Monday morning, at 11 o'clocr.,"Despite Uieir overwhelming defeat fc ve or b bId the followingthe Maysville girls played a strong described pr0perty: An up-to-date cotgame and deserve due credit for their four rooms, front and backperformance, ine work ot the Pans - , d f large garretjstar however offered too great a g Uh splondId cistern,-.i r. "."" ".... " jj necessary outbuildings, iocs olwith the backing she received made . and Ullder goodMaysville's efiorts futile.' J five acreSf frontingon the Clintonville pike and runningback to the L.. & N. Railroad, all inSUITS FILED. 'grass and an ideal home outside oftihe city limits. This property belongsThe following suits were filed in to Mrs. William Neal, and it will bethe office of tiie Clerk of the Fayette a positive sale, as Mrs. Neal has purnircnlt Court at Lexineton. Fridav: chased a farm in Spencer county, andW. W. Boone vs. Alvin Hicks and the will jnove to it about the first ofthe lexington Tobacco Warehouse March. .Cc(mpany, to determine possession of For particulars, apply to the Panstobacco; Emily Miller Clay vs. Horace Realty-Co.Miller Clay, for settlement of will. J (30-2t) M. P. KENNEY, Auct. ;NEAR ACCIDENT.What might diave been a serious accident was averted Saturday afternoon by a difference of only a fewinches. While delivering milk to acustomer on Cypress street from a vehicle used for that purpose Mr. William Farris, the dairyman, had justleft the vihicle in charge of Mrs. Farris. An automobile belonging to Dr.W. C. Ussery, driven by his coloredchauffeur, ran into it, demolishing thevehicle and throwing Mrs. Farris an,lher niece out. Neither was seriouslyhurt.buys McMillan farm.Mr. W. J I. McMillan, of Pnris h.-.c-sold his farm, ot 153 acres, known as(the Barton place, located on the Cvithiana and Brentsville pike 31. milesfrom Paris, to Sheriff W. F. falbotI at a .price not made public.The farm is an excellent one. Mr.Talbott will cultivate 80 acres inhemp. He will get possession onMarch 1. Mr. Talbott resided on thejfarni some years ago, when he conducted it as a stock farm. Mr. McMillan is spending the winter inJ Florida.PUBLIC SALEO FSplendid Bourbon Counfw FarmOne Thai Will produce The Crop That Win BringThe Money.I will sell to the highest bidder, onSATURDAY, FEB. IT. 191T,at 1 p. m., o'clock, at the Court House door, in Paris, Ky.. my farm ofacres, on the Bethlehem pike, 4 miles from Pans. 14 miles from Lexington and3 miles from Hutchison Station, on the L. & N. railroad. Farm has on it agood residence of 7 rooms, and has only been bui)' a few years. Has cellarbath room, fine cistern at door, and is in a beautiful location, in center of farmThere are 2 good tobacco barns on the place, will hold 18 acres. One of thetobacco barns and good stock barn, with ten box stalls, are nearly new Newdouble corn crib with metal roof; meat house, carriage house, tool house andall outbuildings. Good tenant house of 5 rooms. Farm is well watered withgood springs, ponds and running water.This farm is in one of the beat sections of the countv, the land lavs wellwith very little waste land. It has been used as a thoroughbred horse farm fornearly forty years, and it is one of the richest farms in Bourbon county, T!le-reo S??e Virgin soi1, with much old b,ue &rass sd that hasn't beenplowed in 20 to 40 years.I will show prospective purchasers over the place, or Mr Gravitt wholives on the farm, will be glad to show it to you at any time.TERMS Liberal and made known on day of sale.GEO. D. SPEAKES, Auctioneer.(27-jan) .S.K.NICHOLS,PARIS, KY.Jv.wiiwr-m"4h -t ','Mm-a ,feu -"-... a..'TV "XLML.-.- A-TUESDAY JANUARY 30, 1017.THE BOURBON NEWS, PARIS, KY.PAGE FIVE1-J$tAND PERSONAL.fJff s& I SOCIALAN APPRECIATION.FOR THE BESTNOTHING ELSEWANTED.Chickens, duclcs and turkeys. Highest market price.(It) C. P. COOK & CO.EVANSVILLE MINISTER ISCALLED TO BIRMINGHAM.Comings and Goings of Our e desire to.tender the citizens of lPonnlo Hnra Tho o Pans our heartiest thanks for the pa-iPeople Here, There and tience ai forbearance they showedHilppwhere. toward us in the recent unDleasantMiss Mary Ross spent the week- ness attending the break in the naturalend in Lexington as a guest of frienuL. gas mains. We realize that everyMiss Mary Adams Lincoln, of Lou- thoughtful .person knew we were not !isville, is a guest of Miss Elizabetn to blame for tihe trouble, yet thereBrown. may have been some who did not so 'Miss Mary Lucas, of Frankfort, understand it We are profoundlyis a guest of Mr. and Mrs. George grateful for the consideration shown.Wilder. our office force and management dur-i Mr. John Letton, Miss Irene. Leni ing that trying ti)ne. They were allban and Miss Katie Kane are grippe on a nervous tension, and the public isufferers. generallv took the situation in a phi-'Mr. Charlton Clay attended the losophical manner, for which we again :btracier-bcmessinger wedding in Lex- thank tiiem. This is the first accident iRev. William E. Sweeney, son of m&ton, last week.Wrs. Jno. S. Sweeney, of Paris, who is Mr. J. W. Davis will leave to-daynow pastor of the First Christian for Pasaquaille, Florida, to remain thechurch, of Evansville, Indiana, has rest of the winter,received a call to the pastorate of the Mrs. J. Stuart Roberts has returnFirst Christian church, at Binming- ed from a visit to Mrs. Sue Anderham. Alabama. son, in Georgetown.tbat has happened in the four yearsthe line has been in operation, and it Iis hardly probable that it will occuragain. We realize now that those whomay have "started to damn us, remained to praise us," and we desireto attest our appreciation, as far ashis father, Mr. M. J. Whitley, of PanDANVILLE DEFEATS PARIS. tego. North Carolina.m i Mrs. William Remington is con-The basketball team of Centre Cul fined to her home on Eightii streetlege, Danville, met the Y. M. C. A. with an attack of grippe,teasn of Paris, at the Y. M. C. A. Mrs. E. F. Spears and daughter,gymnasium in Paris, Saturday night, Miss Mary Shears, have been ill foMr. Wade H. Whitley ilias as guest printed words can give assurance of'sincerity, of the calm attitude of our!patrons under the circumstances.THE PARIS GAS & ELECTRIC CO(Inc.)SEASON'S FIRST SNAKE STORY.coming out victors over the local team several days with the grippe.Uy a. score of 34 to 19.CHANGE OF LOCATION.The residence on Twelfth street recently vacated by the removal of MrMr. Charlton Alexander, who residesMrs. J. T. Martin was called to 0n the Thompson farm near Paris, iLexington. Monday, by the illness oi stated to a NEWS reporter that Iher daughter, Mrs. Arthur Berry. upon coming out of his home SundayMr. and Mrs. Brooks Dodson, of morning he was surprised to find nearFrankfort, visited relatives in Paris a Walk a live snake of tihe Copperheadfrom Saturday until Sunday afternoon, varietv, which measured three and aMiss Laura Williams has returner lialf feet -m length. Of course Mr.and Mrs. W. A, Beheler and family to her home in m Sterling, alter a Alexander ascertained the measureto Lexington, will be occupied by Mr. isit to Mrs. Jo. Yarden and other ments after his snakeship had beenL A. Soper and family, formerly oi friends in Paris. 'rendered hors du combat Mr. AlexLittle Rock. Mr. Soper recently sold Mrs. John Stuart Roberts, of near amer knowing he lives in a local opout this general merchandise business Paris, was eonfirfried in the St. Peter'a tjoll pi-pcinct says he has the snakeat Little Rock, and will probably en-, Episcopal church, of Paris, Bishop in a safe piace at his home as proofgaged in business in Paris. Burton officiating. positive of his statement.Mrs. Mary Ireland Davis returnedA NICE SUBURBAN HOME. Friday night from an extended visit to ,her daughter, Mrs. Offutt Boardman,FOR RENT.r.loselv following the recent promo-'quite sick with the same malady, i! tions of Mr. William Cooper as Assist- able to be out.ant Postmaster in the Paris postoffice. Mrs. Robert Goggin, of the Hotelcomes tihe news of the appointment of I-ancaster, in Georgetown, was a guestMr O P Carter, Jr., of Paris, ar, of her mother, Mrs. S. M. Wilmoth.clerk at the general delivery window, and family on Houston avenue, severalMr. Carter will succeed Mr. Cooper as days last week.mail dispatching clerk in the local -Mrs. J. D. Bruer has been very illoffice The appointment becomes et at her rooms in the residence of diefective Februarv 1. Mr. Carter has for Misses Jaynes. on High street. Mrs.i some time been in the employ of the Shaw, of Frankfort who has been herI Louisville & Nashville in their Cincin- guest, returned to her home Saturday .1 nati office. He is thoroughly compe- -Mr. James W. Thompson who itent, and will anake a valuable addi- attending college at Charlottesvillelion to the clerical force of the office, Va.. is improving in a hospital, afterand is an appointment tfiat will meet v severe attack of appendicitis. Mr.-with general approval of the local pat- Thompson narrowly averted an operah lon ' . i Mr. Charlton Clay, of Pans, attended the german given at LandsbergHall, in Yersailles. by the young menI desire to announce that I have of the city, ine eaue .nifipps from their lor- .uary jiclcou aim .hi. ....If vou are looking for a nice little and Mr. Boardman. in Chicagohnmo tict ntcwi nf ritv limits, hti .' Mr. and Mrs. Luther Rice enter-1i xi i -., .Z ri;nfnn,.;itn t'lincrl Qimrlov ovpniiic villi a dinnerUi iNCUl Uiaue, Ull UlC Lmiwuu ..v.w . j .. ...,, : - s..Ur,A aawc nt 'npike, Monday, at the court house dooi in honor of the birthday anniversary i"- "., iinVnii id wntorat 11 a. m. (30-2t) ol Mr, Frank P. Kiser. of Paris. I Walker avenue. Hot and cold vatern -Mrs. Stanhope Wiedemann, who 'and other conveniences. Call Home. - . .-- - r- ltro lxt.rw ill r fr tltn W I StCrrknll HnCntlf ll 11UUU UUi. - -TO ADMINIoTtK t&IMlc. "" n oi x.u .t. .wowH.i "i-hu.in Lexington, has recovered sufficientlyMr Henrv Ingels, of the Ruddles to return to her home near Paris.Mills vicinitv, has been appointed by Mrs. Sallie Bashford. who hasthe Countv Court to act as administra- been very ill at her home on Pleasanttor of the' estate of Mr. Wm. Trabuc. street for several days, has been takerof Bourbon, who died some weeks ago to the Massie Memorial Hospital forin Lexington. Mr. Ingels qualified b treatment.giving bond in the sum of $4,000, with Mr. Kenney Houston, who residesMr. George K. Jones as surety. Messrs. on the farm of the late Mrs. E. LJames McClure, Jos. H. Ewalt and T Clay, Jr., on the Cynthiana pike.Wm. G. Talbott were appointed to ap- is confined to his home by an attackpraise the estate. of rheumatism., . i Mr. Jos. M. Hall is confined to hisMORE POSTOFFICE CHANGES. home on Duncan avenue suffering withthe erippe. Mrs. Hall, who has beenOn and AfterFEB. 1stI will assume my dutieswith ,WilQth & Co., ofwhich firm I am a partner.I will be glad to see allmy friends in my new placeof business.REMOVAL NOTICE.I have of theiratvod mv lawmer location in the Masonic Tempi- wardsI 503-504. in the First National BankBuildimr.(26-2t) P- A. THOMPSON.FORMER PARIS BOYGETS GOOD. .. i iTrc Tiran Krvail. Ol .orill .Mid-dletown, who has been visiting herparents. Dr. and Mrs. A. B. Coons, inGeorgetown, left Saturday to join heri l I I irtArJr.iic flfl flTnusoana, wnu is m Amcuv-u., ., .PLACE a business trip.Col. George C. Kniffin. a formerelyn Buck, a member of tho prominent merchant, of : Pans is .veryof tlie Paris Citv School, ro- ui at ttis aparuuBuw m a,.v.., .or uie runa v.ic. ...x, i1Q i,oc -r several vears. T .r.I fr tl A T TTV11T1 I 1MHI I 1 11 IltTl C 11 .AJ -w - .Mrs. Evfacultyceivetl news r riuaj ol uic uKf-'" , - nnc!fintl ; ti,P ttof her son, Mr. Lucien Buck, lormeny neiu an mipuiuim. yv.-," "thlrlTZ S-Ihariese'p. Mann, of the Parisruor. vw York, a nosition of Realty Co-will leave this morning forgrSp.nsibility, carrying with it a Taylorsville and other P-Pe.IF YOU WANTTHE BESTCALL FORCARLIBATWILMOTHGrocery Go.Phone 376FRANK dc CO:cnhctnnHnl saiarv.Mr. Buck was formerly Ohief Engineer with the Champion Fiber Comf? f oonfftn v c. He is a memhr f thf Class '05 of thele-e of Mechanical and Electrical EnHnrimr. of the University of Ken,i"- nrifi n graduate of theCitv School. Mr. Buck has attainedhigh rank as a civil engineer and elertrical construction advisor.THE OLD-FASHIONED KIND.rpr onnntvprospective buyers who are seewinghomes in that favored region.Mrs. Harry Hill and son, J. Har-Col- vey Hill, will leave Thursday lor a.Petersburg, Fla., uo remain me icai ulthe winter. They will be accompaniedParis by Mr. Lawrence mil. oi me u. cv. .-.,who will visit Havana. uuDa. oeioi-returning.Mrs Frances Beauchamp, president of the State W. C. T. U.. was a"uest of Paris friends Friday. Mrs.Beauchamp was in Paris for the pur-nnw nf making arrangemems lor uwPiesall kinds, ine wuuu '"."' T; ;l,.on iiprp hv Mr. M. Tto at home wjhen xnoiner iuuic .wm . - - V'"" .rMMtirlisedtjkeoi.(1)Five cents per cut atJAS. E. CRAVEN.'n:i.;riMi rT"iFanning, the uiaioub ,piuiuuitw .-torAmAnr those from Paris who attended the piano recital given at LexPIAN0 -.crrTTH. schoou ffigUSof the Lexington CollegTr,e pupus .t Miss Gilmer's clnss in --J1 JuHa O'BHen." Milsesstsssta F" "mersburs-were also pre3'School, to-morrow evening. edne-- ent fllqtance message from Ciniv. January 31, at eight o ciock. yesterday to Mr. John (Pete) cordionTwki-sh March v W'Viltri f'ain informed him that 'his son, Mr.:Misses Feld and BrambleUe Cam inform superintendent I 18203,nu. HeailU. juxiii- v nHtipiillv ill nnP-Rt.fiFebruaryVictoriRecords18189, 10-in. 75c Chicken Walk(Saxophone Sextet), Brown Brothers-San Francisco souvenir .uarcn, iaccordion Solo), Pietro.PolkaAmanda Clay CollinsSpauldinj;""" ionise Redmon" . ,v r?-..ollru,.,m leaf flireiej ri":"r"uruum -w -Lulilaiy(Beethoven)Thelma SquiresAutumn Dance SpauldingWilla ueumon.Moon Moths -Agnes TurnerPfazicati (violin) mVema TurpinBarcarole -Ruth FeldSerenade "'r.hnrles BurnsSerenade -: Schubert-Lange10-in. 75c Listen To Thisnf Qtrpets in Paris, was critically m une-aiep, uu. r. PLU.uuua.ujt wuuiJ JLUe there of typhoid-pneumo- Military Band; Brown Skin Fox,L MTCain left last night for Cin- Trot, (Williams-Piron), Victor Mill-nati ltary BandC1-Mr. and Mrs .Sidney ry vo 182n 10.in 75cPoor Butterfl7,were married SouJi fiEana Brown; Alice in WonderlanditV Howard-Ham' Macdonough.Kussner td in Paris. Saturday morning, aim j lg213 10.in 15(mieu You Hear" for the present are with Mr. Arder, , n Moan on His SaxophouoStrauss parents. Mr. and Mrs Sidney Arderv, Naughty'on west beveuw - --- - xaughty: iMarguente rarrenOffenbacn nas formerly Miss urjetii Phnrleston, O.Baird, of55605, 12-in.Xeidlingcr -Miss Xomi Harding was hostess ley Fox Trot$1.25 Katinka Med( Rudolf Friml), Vic-T mp near Paris last week to tor Military Band,; Poor Butterflyatnartv3 friends After playing fox Trot, (Raymond Hubbell), Vic-TJngarischSchuDen-iiifa a part " " 'm-usical program was ' tor Military Band.. .1- - n...iwas serred. ine 6"- - ---" ;. c4c25such a LIT Fellow-FrancesEmer' JoleSe' Yates? JanTe Yeach, AnnaJLowell-Willi Dldunontr-lO-in. 51.-r-i.i ,i.!i Tr.Qftrkinnfi iiawiiaa, uuik""VAV,- -rrHmnli; White and Naomi Hardin; Messrs. W.-awuci Tr-thnr FooL Htm White, Eric iiuicnison, ueuuIrish Folk Song Arthur Fool liam wuii , Johnson.EtudeNocturneEthel FreemanSara TraylorMabel SoperGaines, Frankluauui t rhonin DernDsev Poe, David jonnson, winsPolonaise........------ Chopin Dempse. fc Roy poeDAUGHERTYBROSDainty DressesThat Serve inMany WaysYet Cost ButVery LittleIt is difficult to imagine somuch real service in dressesa t prices so extremely modestNevertheless, there are hundreds of women in this city who would not and in a measure of convenience, could not get along without these practical washable dresses that sharetheir fame equally between service and dressiness.liftHit A sELF jVliil ICO.NFOIlMINCl 1III 1 I Tmt5S-- I llI I II lVylXNirAN,ts II 'fs'Bxxi mon yI KA SELF XoWWi ' I I C0F0OMINCTHEBRANDELECTRICDRESSES OF MANY USESFor kitchen, parlor, porchbespeak a versatility unknown to other dresses of equal cost.and street, they are appropriate and ideal.Such faultless fit and becoming style never before entered into dresses at prices comfortably within the reach of every purse.MODELS TOPLEASE ALLTASTES.SIZES TOFIT ALLFIGURES.$1 to $3Sizes 34 to 56MADE OF THEMOST DEPENDABLE COTTONFABRICS THATWASH PERFECTLY.FRANK & COMPANYWe Will Look For YouAT OUR-BIG CASH SALEDuring February and MarchWE BELIEVE YOU CAN GETBETTER VALUES HERETHAN ANY OTHER PLACECome in. It means a big saving in money for you.THEJ.T.HINTONCO.MOTOR HEARSE-MOTOR INVALID COACH"EITHERPHONE" 36VUNDERTAKINGSIXTH AND MAIN STS. -41(nlf' PfMary Kenny WebberT-f ,,,i "CTimpr Hardin.Caprice........Minerva Sue Boardman(Other Personals on Page 3.)ytAGE SIXTHE BOURBON NEWS, PARIS, KY.TUESDAY, JANURAY 30, 1917.111.m:M91'MaA CHILD'S TONGUESHOWS IF LIVER ORBOWELS ARE ACTIVEPRESIDENT REBUKES OPPONENTS OF NATIONAL GUARDtilf .Cross, Feverish, Sick, Bilious, GiveFruit Laxative at Once.WASHINGTON, Jan. 29. PresidentWilson, speaking recently to a delegation from ihfc Maryland Leaguafor National Pefense, which attacked-, ., .. ,, . . 'the national guard and advocated uni-!,,? Sn?in PiSir?' Q BlV,n vml militar7 training, rebuked themZ J iSi n,?J i Ifn ?y7P, 0I for their "unrestrained language."Figs that tins is their ideal laxa- d ,d u w have a bettcrJive, because they love its pleasant , o hi support i they weieSri11 ith0r?gl,ry Ceai)S,eS VT more reasonable in their attitude,tender little stomach, liver and bowels The mcm0rial read to the Presi-without griping. M -or Ranflo,,, Barton spokcT,r?llcTnS?' mtae' feve1Sli J ot the national guard system as abreath is bad, stomach sour, look at ..disgrace.. and a -failure." It urg-the tongue pother! If coated give u?liversal compulsory -military train-a teasjKJonful of tins harmless fruit d aervlce and mentioned thelaxative," arid m a few hours all the utUvatinn ni- n, national truarriloul, constipated waste, spur bile and j h Mexican border as an exajn-undisested food passes out of the bow- . P ...,, rn,i f tiio avfpmillC KJL LUC lOWUlV v- ..v, jCANADIANS CRITICIZE THEPRESIDENT'S PEACE PLANSundigested mod passeseis, ana you nave a wen, piayiui , Me:,i0t wiicnn tnlil thn deleeationchild again. When Its little system teu , atutude ci0Sed the opportunityfull of cold, throat sore, has stomach f discussion of the question and wasache, diarrhoea, indigestion, colic vQt jiepfuiremember, a good "inside cleansing". T1 presiient, discussing compulsoryshould always be tiie first treatment' military service, declared that un-T?. r , i ..o it 'questionably (physical training was- Millions of mothers keep Califor- eded and would accomplish a greatnia Syrup of Figs" handy; they know d j but it n be had without coma teaspoonful to-day saves a sick child DUisory military service." He addedtomorrow. Ask your druggist for a JV ' fiR1-Pmis nf dointr the wise50-cent bottle of "California Syrup of j . and that Uie entire subject wasjJiave to iook for some other man withn&s, nun,u naa uucwuuo ii - recejving i,im most earnest consiaerabies, children of all ages and grown- u He vigorousiy defended the ef-ups printed on the bottle. Beware oC fort being made in congress to buildcuuuierLciis jjuiu neie, unu uuu u ur nrrmnr military service.the genuine, made by, .,T , t need to prove t0 you orFig Syrup Company. Innvlinclv niv deen interest in this sub-inf international law(adv) 'ject;' said the President. "I will J 0f war ;ha(i been viohifrankly sav to you I would have uee.iMotor tractors with passenger-car- m,ore impressed bv this memorial if irying trailers may replace a street had been expressed in more restrainedrailway in a San Francisco suburo. ianrUaKe From some of the unqual-OTTAWA, Jan. 29. The peace proposals of President Wilson were criticized in the Canadian Senateby Senator Pope, who representsone of the EnglisJi-speaking districtsof the Province of Quebec, and whohas been a member of Parliament formany years.Senator Pope offered a resolutionproviding that in "the opinion of theSenate of Canada only representativesor nations which have taken part orhave been engaged in the present warshould participate in Wie negotiationsfor peace."The President of the United States,lie said, has just declared to the worldthat there should be peace withoutI victory. To him, Senator Pope saidthat seemed absurd, and it would appear that President Wilson fchbught hastill was lecturing students in collegerather than speaking to grown meninvolved in a desperate and vitalstruggle.If the success of President's Wilson'sj efforts to accomplish peace, in thepresent instance, were not greaterthan had been the success of his peaceefforts in Mexico, the world wouldASSERTS TANLACDROVEJFF ILLSTonic Increases Weight 47Pounds; "Made MeNew Man."fooled. Get"Californiasome other method of bringing aboata termination of the methods by whicnwar could be carried on. The Senatorprotested that no one knew better thanPresident Wilson that every articlefor the conductolated by Germanya hundred times; mat uermany uauinvaded Belgium even before the declaration of war; that Belgian wcjnonand children had been killed amiified statements in this paper I must .maimed by German soldiers; thatirankly dissent. 1 think it is due to J countless atrocities had been commit,-sK 'V V;V.1lyi&CCM.dont"hesit&foryouil Jk11lete!rMlMTMT snowsrormcyvvw-kCbriing sure'- utas'..::?:!W!ELL, that snowstorm's coming (orthat snow storm'shere) and you'd better getj in that ton of coal your furnace is yearning for. Thereis only one way to get comfort in the winter timebuy it by the ton.FOX RIDGEHot StuffW. C. D0DS0N.a- - t,; nfcmy colleagues 10 suy &u ul hub uhlunwl rnndemnation of the system'&&''? uhich they adopted after long debateW.Z ,&. nnaii the ureency of many of the leading citizens of the country; it is theleast that I can do. You do not commend a cause which deserves themost serious consideration by .presenting it as you have presented it."These things impress me the moreafter what we have heard from the imedical societies. Unquestionably Iphysical training is needed and willaccomplish a great deal, but it can behad without compulsory military ser-vice, anddoes not mialluded toJ, jrmted by land and sea; that Americanshad been sent to their deaths wiUiother helpless, harmless people onthe Liusitania. Knowing all fliesthings, President Wilson, in his peacemessage, had the audacity to say, Senator Pope averred, that Germanyand tine Entente Allies should sitdown to the same council board.SLOAN'S LINIMENTFOR STIFF JOINTSRheumatic pains and aches get intocompulsorv militarv service! the joints and muscles, making everyleet the difficulties "vou have movement torture. Relieve your suf-" I fering with Sloan's Liniment; it quicic-It doesn't take much courage for ajiian to call his wife down occasionallyif she is upstairs.WinterTourist Ticketsly penetrates without rubbing, andsoothes and warms your sore musclesThe congested blood is stimulated toaction; a single application will driveout the pain. Sloan's Liniment isclean, convenient and quickly effectie, it does not stain the skin or clogthe pores. Get a bottle to-day at yourDruggist, 25c.(adv-jan)AN OLD BOOK.W. E. Barkley, living at South Higginsport, has in his possession a copyof Guthrie's geography, printed in1S09, Johnson & Warner being thepublishers. The book is in a goodstate of preservation, although the paper is yellow from age. Tlhe print isclear and distinct. This old book contains much valuable information, hav-nniinil-trin Wintnr Tnnrfct Tioknl S - map ol inu uiiueu ouilub, us wuuon sale daily Oct 1, 1916, until April I as a11 f the countries of Europe, beNotice to Water Consumers.-- N-v v.... v v - f vr .-.-- j. - . . m 1. 1 1..?.1-S. ,.JWater accounts, are rendered for. 30, 1917, with final return limit Mav givin a prnuuu uebei niuoii uiquarter from January to April 1, and '31, 1917, to all principal tourist .points the various countries, the habits, cmust be paid at the office of the Paris 'in Alabama, Florida, Georgia, Louis i-1 om etc- of the p.e"nlr ln u"s apaidWater Company in fifteen days, or water will be shut off. Parties desiringto do so can jjay as formerly, sixmonths. Rebates due anyone will becredited on these bills.(12-tf) PARIS WATER CO.Tanlac, the master medicine andreconstructive tonic, is sold exclusively in PARIS by Varden & Son.Other exclusive agents in nearby1 1- .... -.. unA?4,. . ,, -... aJ- -i . 4 I -ntr r ryr r r tnl lAiirana, Mississippi, New Mexico, North i l'00 we,u L" recuipib iui luui l iuy " m.Carolina, South Carolina, Texas and "lr ceius eacii. pa m uy uiu miu u iT" r , n. ttVHavana, Cuba, allowing liberal stop- w- uarKiej. u.ie uute u .n uv i ... i, -U n' o , Dncirover privileges on boUi going and re- J'as signed by Peter Gordon, deputy ,BB1IJ. Oscar Smitn; CARLISLE.t Ln aic inw ,VtrW, wnm-. for L. B. Goggin, Sheriff ot Mason Tureman & Son; GEORGETOWN, C.From 15S to 205 pounds Is 'the Increase in weight credited to Tanlac'suse by J. C. Campbell, 10 Van Cleavestreet. Dayton. He Is a machinist atthe Recording and Computing Machines company plant in Edgemont."Tanlac has made a new man ofme." he said recently. "I wish I couldtwin Bros Department StoreS.ventb ana main Sts.Paris, RentucKyNlr s ':" -if ,, vJ$?J JaGREAT REDUCTIOOn Ladies andChildren'sSuits, Cloaks,Skirts,Weiists, Etc.TwinBros,0813 fStore9SfP99990f999erviceSrstJ. C. CAMPBELL.tell everybody in Dayton what Tanlaclias done for me.'Relieve me. I am strong for Tanlac.and you'll understand why when youhear my story. I uod to feel bad allthe time. I had no appetite. I couldnot sleep. I grew nervous. Then myface broke out. I lost weight. WhenI got up in the morning I felt worsethan when I went to bed. I had painsin 1113- back and was generally rundown."A friend had used Tanlac and Ithelped him so much that I tried it.Now I feel hotter than I ever did inrny life. Eat? I can't get enough, ;and as for sleep I guess I would neverwake were It not for the alarm clock. I"AYhon I began taking Tanlac 1 !weighed 1GS pounds. Now I weigh205 pounds. My complexion has clearedup, and in every way Tanlac has mademe a new man."The City has added a new Fire Truckto its equipment to provide adequate andefficient protection to you.The County has bfiilt modern roads foryour convenience, safety and comfort andto provide an efficient means of travel andtransportation.The Home TelephoneCompany has added a new Truck toits equipment, which, with its other two,will provide an efficient means of earing forthe plant which furnishes modern telephone service.Have you a HOME PHONE? Join themodern procession. Call coi Iract department now.Paris Home Telephone 8 Telegraph Co.(Incorporated)J. J. VBATCH, District Manager.W. H. CANNON, THOMAS K. IJMITH,Equipment Manager. Cashier.i"Toss oa Coin"SaleNOW GOING ONseekers Tickets on sale first and third I county, and Hie other in November. H. Arnold; WINCHESTER, Duty DrujTuesdays of each month to points in'187' slSned b' Richard llughey, Clew Company; AUSIERLITZ, B. S. Pa'Alabama, Florida, Louisiana and? Bracken County Court.-Brackcn r3sh. (adv). - . . ... . . . ..ifMi rniiinmfcT HP 1 fill" i 'Mississippi, with linai return iinr.t v ""'-NllTir.P, If! TUP rilllli; twenty-one days from date of sale.:i.1 vivv a. v w jl wvrv-KAw, i f,vi For further information, call on or ad-'JU. S. WILL ERECTI OWN PROJECTILE PLANTI will pay this season the nighest J dress,prices that have ever been known inParis for horse hides, beef hides, ihee& pelts and furs.I will also pay the highest marketprice for Rags and Paper. I will sendafter it any place in the city. Callby Cumberland phone 374. Office onEighth. Street(20-oct-lyr) MAX MUNICH.W. V. SHAW, Agent,or J. K. SMITH, T. A.PUBLIC SALEFair Grounds Buildings.You Don't HaveTo StoopIf You Use aGARLANDCabinet RangeWe will sell at public auction, on thepremises, onSATURDAY, FEBRUARY 3, 1917.beginning at 2 o'clock, all the buildingslocated on the Bourbon Fair Grounds,on Main street, as follows:Five frame horse stables;Three cattle barns;Two hog houses;One sheep barn;One frame kitchen;Four small frame ticket offices;One large frame amphitheatre.The amphitheatre, containing, a largeamount of seasoned lumber, will besold in four separate sections andthen as a whole, the best bid or bidsto be accepted.Purdisers of the amphitheatre willbe required to remove same from thepremises within 3 weeks; purchasersot the stables and other buildings mustremove them within 2 weeks.TERMS Sums of $20 and under," ".ru- "."," ..TV "r" ,, A beautiful line of Garland! on dla-? " f't 3" "SLJS - t hK n: PtaJT- Com. In and look them over.posit & Peoples' Bank, and bearing!"interest at one rate oi o per cent.WILDER, CAYWOOD & GOREY.(Janl2-7t)BAD COLD QUICKLY BROKEN UP.JiMrs. Martha Wilcox, Gowanda, N.Y., writes: "I first used diaanberlain'sCough remedy about eight years ago.At tiiat time I had a hard cold ami j ture projectilescoughed most of the time. It provedto be just what I needed. It broke upthe cold in a few days, and the coughentirely disappeared. I have toldmany of my friends of tihe good I received through using this medicine,and all who have used it speak of it Inthe highest terms." Obtainable everywhere. (adv-jan)GAS DISH-WASHER.A new dish-washer has been patent-'ed for use in connection with gasstoves. It consists of a light metalWSAHIXGTON, Jan. 29. SecretaryDaniels has begun preparations to Jmeet the Britsh' government's refusalto permit Hadfields, Ltd., to manufac-for the Americannavy, by making ready to equip agovernment plant to do the work. Ordnance experts were put to work on the .plant. j"I expect work to begin on the plant Jin the spring," said Secretary Daniels"and the machinery will be advertisedfor soon." jThe Navy department practicallyhas abandoned hope of getting satisfactory bids from American manufacturers. The board selecting a site forthe $11,000,000 armor plate plant probably will locate the projectile plant on ,the same site.Secretary Daniels conferred to-daychamber, surrounding a paddle-wheel with Charles M. Schwab, of BethlofninoiiPfi i,v n P,nir Trtv nr n.tv U. whose bids were rejected b the.'Navy department.CONSTIPATION AND INDIGESTIONimpelled by a crank. Forty or fiftydishes are placed in racks in the chamber. Seven quarts of hot soap waterare poured over them, and the cran'cj is spun. The dishes remain stationary. "i have used Chamberlain s Tablets. -i i i ,1 i i . i ii i.A-,- :tne pauuie-wneei uasning uie water and must say tney are uie uesu Aover tiheir surfaces. They are then have ever used for constipation andrinsed with seven quarts of boiling .indigestion. My wife also used them.o Af(0, tua v 1,00 unnn o for indieestion and they did her good,i i i ii i writes Eugene S. Knigh,t, Wilminton,to escape. th dishes can be removednot only clean but perfectly dry. Theentire piocess occupies about sevenmimius, according to the manufac-J EATING A PLEASUREturer's claim. j ...I when you have a normal appetue.'T.nss of aDnetite indicates that the! stomach needs to be cleaned, sweetlnPfl. and stimulated to healthy ac-Unheard-of Bargains InMen's and Boys5Ouis and OvercoatsShoeSj jfcatsand furnishingsDon't Miss This Sa3e! "Savethe Difference!5TWIN BR0SClothing and Shoe Dept. L. Vollstrin, Prop'N. C.Obtainable everywhere.x (adv-jan)THE GIST OF IT.dQ2&Qi(9eweParisfiasS Electric Co.Safest Druggists Sell E-RU-SA Pile CureBECAUSE it contains no opiates, no lead, no mercury, no Belladonna, no .poisonous drug. All other pile medicines containing theabove named harmful drugs cause piles, and the sale of same isillegal E-RU-SA cures piles, or 850 forfeited. For sale byG. S. VARDEN & SON (The Rexall Store)and ARDERY DRUG CO. f ,(jan30-6t-T)"Last December I had a very severe ,tioncold and was nearly down sick in bed. iI bought two bottles of Chaimberlain'sCough Remedy and it was only a veryfew days until I was restored tohealth," writes O. J. Metcalf, Weatherby, Mo. If you -would know the valuenf this remedv. ask anv onp whn imtused it. Obtainable everywhere & sol(1 for this PurPse and guaran-(adv-ian) iteed t0 Sive relief. Sold only by us,i.uuWm&TONIC DIGESTIVEWOULD BAN CIGARETTES.OBERDORFER,The Druggist, Paris, Ky.Cigarette smoking in West Virginiawould be a cri)ninal offense and(Possession of cigarettes would be a'misdemeanor, both violations punishable by a fine of ?5, if a bill introduced in the State House of Delegatesbecomes a law.. The bill prohibitsany person or firjm either to sell orgive away cigarettes, cigarette Daneior tobacco used in the making of cigarPILES! PILES! PILES!WILLIAMS' INDIAN PILE OINTMENTWill cure Blind, Bleeding and Itching Piles.It absorbs the tumors, allays itching at once,acts aa a poultice, gives instant relief.For sale by all druggists, mail 50c and tl.00.ettes. The bill also prohibits any per-" WMJJAMSMfG.Ca,Pfop.,OvetoM,0ou jiu-vmg cigureu.es in ms posses-,sion. OBERDORFER, The Druggist.Bourbon LaundryDWIS & FUNK, Props.Telephone No. 4. West 5 StreetSatisfaction is OnrW-JkhwordWith all the latest improvements in laundryappliances and experthelpers we are preparedto do work inferior tonone, and solicitpatronage.yourBourbon Laundry,Paris Kentucky.mm1OUESDAY JANUARY 30, 1917.THE BOURfiON NEWS, PARIS, KY.JPAG'fi SEVEN"iProfessional Cards.Bourbon Buildcng &Loan AssociationIN REAR OF BANKEntrance on Fourth StreetDR. VVM. KENNEYEye, Ear, Nose and Throat.ROOMS 403-404.PHONE 136.WM, GRANNAINAtforneyatLawROOMS 401-402.REMOVAL NOTICEThe firm of Ilutchcraft & Cline, atlorney, has been dissolved, Mr. Hutclttmft retiring. Mr. Cline will continuethe business of the above firm and canbe found in his new offices on thefourth floor of the First National BankBuilding. -(janSO-lmo)YES! LIFT A CORNOFF WITHOUT PAIN!THE TOBACCO MARKET-vCincinnati Authority Tells How toDry Up a Corn or Callous So It;Lifts Off With Fingers.Continued from Page 1.)INDEPENDENT THURSDAY, JAx- gVfcvEDW. BURKE, PresidentM. S. CAYWOOD, Vice-Pres.UARY 25.You corn-pestered men and womenneed suffer no longer. AVear shoestihat nearly killed you before, says UvCincinnati authority, because a fedrops of Freezone applied directly on atender, aching corn or callous, stopssoreness at once and soon the cornor hardened callous loosens so it caube lifted out, root and all, withoutpain.A small bottle of Freezone cost verylittle at any drug store, but will pooitively take off every hard or soficorn or callous. This should be triedas it is inexpensive and is said not iirritate the surrounding skin.If your druggist hasn't any Freezontell him to get a small bottle for youfrom his wholesale drug store. It idfine stuff and acts like a charm ever:tfme. (adv)C3;..."4w will .start aI" ri ..-&,,... 40.. OMMrVIWK s .-.T 7mmGamau. . s j&X 'fHiP7Ma' .Jitir BEJk' iKjiv-jk..e" -. riiv .jji?r.t Wmmrmw,"MfS batiK" isocount3F s- - "W--j. - 2r 3..&r. &Zdy-if w .' ..r yi''.-"ww - .Ti-v-V-okXr v wt33JI4t-Ni.WaWit" Ks. I -tWiTI iCIJti' Q?- .Cnnsimas.Squirrels HxWE because (hey SAVE. You can haveif YOU save. Come in and let us show you HOW to save.Ye will give you, FREE, a little bank book so you canjoin our "Christmas Banking Club."You put in 5 cents the first week, 10 cents the secondweek, and so on, increasing your deposit A NICKEL AWEEK, and in 50 weeks you have $63.75.We also have clubs where you begin with 1 or 2 centsor 10 cents or $1.00, $2.00 or $5.00 and in 50 weeks havecoming to you from $12.75 to $250.WE ADD 3 PER CENT. INTEREST!Have EVERY member of your family join the club.It means saving MONEY and making a SUCCESS.You can start TO-BAY- START.!eposit aodPeoples BankV2tiSt ,?VIA'jtI,f IJV.f .V2f,JI The Independent house sold Thurs-day 81,280 pounds for $13,611.03, at anaverage of $19'.21, with the following Jcrop averages:Ras-h & Case, 3,330 pounds at 5$1S.13.Bedford & Gray, 6,650 pounds at$18.42. JKenney & Mattox, 2,360 pounds a-t '$22.97. .Bennett Young, 2,670 pounds at J$20.63.Buckley & Davis, 2,360 pounds at 5$18.34. IA. B. Hazelrigg, 3,415 pounds at J 5U7.S9. 5Tom West, 1,120 pounds at $17.81.Thomason & Faulconer, 4,310 tpounds Sat $22.32.Booth &. Sapp, 3,425 pounds at$19.94.Bavless &. Blackburn, 3,590 poundsat $22.06.Webber & Gardner, 2,445 pounds at$18.65.H. J. Berry, 2,720 pounds at $19.10.Ward & Humphrey, 4,570 pounds at$18.96.F. P. Rice, 2,380 pounds at $19.73.Clark & Smith, 4,515 pounds at$22.64.Kenney & Mattox, 2,810 pounds at$21.30.Redmon & McFeena, 3,620 pounds at$20.69.Clarke & Orme, 3,140 pounds at$21.49.EDW. BURKESAM CLAYJAS. CALDWELLJNO. T. ROLLINS, Manager..Directo'rsH. S. CAYWOOD R0BT. E. BEATTYA. L. STEPHENSON LUTHER STIVERSJ. L. DENTON C. D. WILSOND. W. PEEDJNO. T. COLLINSS. R. BURRISA. B. HANCOCKW. M. ROGERSpounds forpounds forsold 2,125,......2..m5m.Sm..5m..BOURBON FRIDAY, JAN. 26.The Bourbon Tobacco WarehouseCompany sold at their two house?,132,500 pounds of tobacco Friday, for$26,925.79, an average of $20.32 perhundred pounds.The market remains strong and acfive on all grades.Friday's sale runs the totals for thehouse to 3,618,065 pounds, which sol.lfor $GG1.240.85, an average of $1S.22per hundred.Sfjme of the averages follow:Long & Tucker sold 1,660 pounds for$365.36, average $23.81.Wrvdford & Hall sold 8.460 poundsfor $1 711. S7, average $20.23.P C Parrish & Co. sold 5,015 poundsfor 1 119.79. average $22.32..1. V. Hon & Son sold 6.520 pound;for $1,319.61. average $20.23.Duncan & Sears sold 2,705 pounds for$54 w, average $20.29.Gcirge Link sold 865$198.97. average $23.M. .Myers sold 3.3S0$715.91, average $21.18.Wheat & Ilutchcraftnnunris for J483.58. averace $22.75Peed & Willoughby sold 7,920 pound;?for $1,634.66, average $20.63.Mrs. F. Morrison & Dayton sold 2,005pounds for $452.02, average $22.54.Will Meteer & Ginn sold 3,33)pounds for $452.02, average $20.66.W. L. Linville sold 2,290 pounds for$521.19, average 022.75.H. M. Wagoner sold 3,010 pounds for$635.40, average $21.10.Keller & Son sold 3,075 .pounds fo$708.45, average $32.03.Dalzell & Barr sold 3,405 pounds for$675.10, average $19.82.Letton & Mclntyre sold 2,930 poundsfor $649.28, average $22.15.Burke, Brent ft Gallier sold 3,905pounds for $814.02, average $20.84.Jones & Mason sold 1,S15 pounds for$443.23. average $22.32.Henry Ingels sold 2,295 pounds for$487.79 average $21.25.Woodford & Frakes sold 1,035 poundfor $255.97, average $24.73.Young ft Botts sold 3,150 pounds for$670.96, average $21.23.Patton ft Lail sold 3,170 pounds fo"$486.21, average $22.40.I The Bourbon! Tobacco Warehouse Co.;I Sales to Jan 25, 3,485755' PoundsAVERAGE $18.19ALE 192,050 Lbs,, AVERAGE $18,19Surpassed by none, size of sale considered.SaSi where floor averages are best day after dayWe mvite comparison.THIS HOUSE has made the Home Market.THIS HOUSE has secured a Re-dryer for ParisTHIS HOUSE has saved the tobacco growers thousands of dollarsg by its refusal to raise the selling fees. The saving on this crop alone tot Bourbon County will amount to $ 7,000.-THIS HOUSE gives you a Square Deal.THIS HOUSE gets you the High Dollar.919;9eSC99993ttteat0aGC'3S!SaOfc og3soss33et ae s fftiticttttnttt soo9emHf ill? to tit n V IIImm mm mm m m mm Mm mm IV mm m mw 3m m mm m or HI mm mt54ADT0M0PUS HEARSE OR AMBULANCEI desire to anL- .. o our friends that I can, where desired,furnish an auto -xiw hearse or ambulance. This method oftransportation ij espedall? desired on long trips, the same being made In better time, and at no advance In cost over thehorse-drawn conveyance. rGEO. W. DAV9S, FurcerallDirector.v.jMVfrfrT..frifrfrtfrfrifrfrttS;frfrtfr.;..T.frINDEPENDENT FRIDAY. JAN. 2G.i At the Inedpcndent Tobacco Ware-house Friday, a small floor ol lowlaradc tobacco was sold for an averagelot $18.86 per hundred pounds. Themarket was strong and ttie pricesrealized were very gratifying, consid' ering the low grades sold. During theday 19,915 pounds were sold.44"M"M"M'l!'''b4wm w ..m i mSTOMACH ACTS FINE!NO INDIGESTION, GAS,HEARTBURN, ACIDITYid...!. nunani-;n" Civoc Qirlc ftnitr.I-ClJJt O UI(Jl-JOIII irl.J w.w.., ---lUpset Stomachs in FiveMinutes.Young Man, DontScatter Your Dollars!YOUTH IS PB0DIGAI. Frequently the young man DOESN'TKNOW THE VALUE OF A DOLLAH.YOUTH IS NOT EVERLASTING. The big men of the country laidthe foundation for their success by opening a bank account when theyYou don't want a slow remedy whenyour stomach is bad or an uncertainone or a harmful one your stomachis too valuable; you mustn't injure itwith drastic drugs.Pape's Diapepsin is noted for itsspeed in giving relief; its harmlessness; its certain, umaiimg action ini regulating sick, sour, gassy stomach?.Us millions of cures in indigestion.dyspopsia, gastritis and other stomachtrouble has uade it 'famous the woncover.Keep this perfect stcjnaah doctor inyour home keep it handy get a largefifty-cent case from any drug store andthen if anyone shBuld eat somethinguhich doesn't agree with them, ifwhat they eat lays like lead, fermentsand sours and forms gas; cause headache, dizziness and nausea; eructations of acid and undigested foodremember as s-oon as Pape's Diapepsincomes in contact with the stomach ailsuch distress vanishes. Its prompNness , certainty and ease in overcomingthe worst stanach disorders is a revelation to those who try it. (adv)Total Sales to Oetc Average$17.92vere youn?.If You Hope to Amount tc Anything Don'iDelay Starting a Bank Account.Start It Today.Farmers' & Traders' BankF. P. KISER, President JNO. J. M.CLINTOCK, Cashie.-WM. GKIAIJSS. UOOKJtoepor.A GOOD INVESTMENTsays M. D. Reynolds, Madison, Wis.,who states: "I had rheumatism nineteen years; used three boxes oft .Sixth and Main Street, Pari, Kyoor iceeore n. iz sti.ojASiCET HEft$ JAN5JAHY 23, $6.6trade: markRHEUMATIC POWDERSand have thrown away crutches." Youan afford to try them. Sold only byus, 50c and ?1.00.OBERDORFER,The Druggist, Parii, Ky.if You Want To Get fcfae Money, Sell Underthe Lights of the INDEPENDENT !THE INDEPENDENTT0BAGC0 WAREHOUSE CO.PARIS, KENTUCKYDIRECTORSCHARLES C. CLARKEDSELL CLARKW. H. WHALEYW. A, THOMASONHARRY B. CLAYM. R. JACOBYJOSEPH E. LEACHJAMES McCLURESAMUEL HARDINGVUTA. . trWrfit '?- i::::8r.:s2Jfl'M"TUESDAY, JANURAY 30, 1917-ComingAttractionsPARIS 6MND AND ALWMATRIMONIAL.IIfA.IIITuesdauSir Herbert TreeIN"Old FolksAt Home"Triangle Fine Arls.WednesdayfVJAYMURRAYINJJcs. Bdmorat, 5n"Siaystacks arkdSteeples,35 Mack Sennett Keystone comedy.IE BIG SISTER"Famous Players.Charlie ChaplinIN. ,t- . . i n"Behind tiie screen)?ANNOUNCEMENT.Announcement has just been madepublic of the biarrhige of Mrs. Zerelda Feebach and Mr. Henry Tucker,both of Paris, which took place at tin.home of the bride in this city, on Dec.10, Eid. W. E. Ellis, of the ParisChristian church officiating.Hours-Alamo, 2 to 5:30; Paris Grand,7Co1 C:3Q, Admission 5 and 1 Oc.JAMESON REM PLER.Miss Penelope-G. Jameson, daughterof Dr. and Mrs. Jno. W. Jameson, andMr. Alexander Rumpler, a prominentwholesale dealer of Indianapolis, lnd.,were married at 5: HO o'clock Saturdayafternoon at the Jameson home onPleasant street. The ceremony wasi performed by Rev. W. E. Ellis, pastorj of the Paris Christian church. Onlyi the immediate family 'of the brido Iwitnessed the ceremony. Mr. and Mrs. iRufaipler left lor their future home inIndianapolis after the ceremony.El MM 11 M Sa lfllMILLERSBURGof the various pieces of property,with those who owned, controlled orresided in them since his arrival here,but we feel that in the opening ot sucha ihistory such a preface is necessaryas the above. .At the time the author arrieved here,on March 7, 1SS9, to make it his permanent home, the town ran on Mainstreet then, as it does now, froyn thebridge over Hinkston Creek on thesouth, to tdie K. W. C. property, whichit now the M. M. I., on the north. Thewest side of Main street, beginningfrnni Mm north in front, nf the honmMiss Katherme Renick, rf Lcxing- of Mr Charles Brown to First street,ton, was the truest of Mrs. W. M. Mil- was paVed, however, the sidewalksltr, from Thursday until Saturday. ,vprp. nafi omi in nianv niaCes whereBrvon and I li tliey were lai(1 in rugh rock, the holesHazelrig?. of Tilton. arrived Fridav "llvu '" "' "co- "clc "a guests of their sister, Mrs. R. L.,.e;therna .snM?th ,st"c r hnWilson sidewalk m the town at that time,however, there were a number of fairMr. Priest Kemper, of Covington.is the guest of friends here.Mr. nnd Mrs. R. C. Bonar and litiJe son, Rnlph, were in Cincinnati. Friday and Saturday.Mrs. Bailes DeBelle, of Ewing. arved Sunday as the guest of herdaughter, Mrs. Mabel Courtney.-Mesdames M. E.ANNOUNCEMENT. jFriends and relatives in this city jhave received engraved invitations an-inouncing tiie approaching marriage otMiss Katie Grahaim TliQinpson, daughter of Mr. and Mrs. Roger Q. Thompson, formerly of this city, now residingin Columbia, South Carolina, and Mr.Robert William Cain, also of Columbia. The wedding will take place inthe First Presbyterian church, in Columbia, on Tuesday evening, February6, at 8:30 o'clock.The prospective bride is a formerresident of Paris, a sister of Mr. RogerQ. Thompson, Jr., and a niece of Mrs.John T. Ilinton, at wihose home shehas been a frequent visitor during thesummer months. She is an unusually attractive and handsc.me youngwoiman, whose charm of manner andpersonality have J.iade her a favoritein Central Kentucky society circlesand in her new home in the SouthThe invitation is worded as follows:"Mr. and Mrs. Roger Quarles Thompson requdst the honour of your presence at the marriage of their daughter,Katie Graham, to Mr. Robert Williamor-FURIN1TURE AND RUGS!!0 Per Cent. Off Every Dollar, For Cashleginning To-day, and Lasting Thirty Days.A"Even-girl." the beautiful two-act ly sood brick walks and many rough j" " . T . ai puL . on uy, A,1,V ,u" """;;. nni t v wn ! c'ain' on Tuesday evening, the sixth ofKing's class in expression nt the M the property of Mr. 1. b. Saage, on f , J. ater eiirliL o'clockC. Auditorium Friday evening, was .the north, had not been laid, and at- "pwell rendered. The youim ladies were ter heavy rains the ground here, - LVh,. Cin . ' Columbia.Reeled by a large audience, which in ont of the K. W. C. property.;-0"1" wuo""cl-gave them encouragement and enthusi was very muddy. On the east side otsasm. "Evervgirl" was well trainc Main street there were but few sideJnd did her part in a way. far beyond walks, and broken m places. It va-Jiat of the average amateur. The fact almost impossible to walk a square onr:bat Miss King was to put on a play that side of the street without leavingvis enouch to draw a latce audienct the sidewalk. The town did not conregardless of weather. She is one wo- tain a single smooth crossing and,man who does all things well and the many cobble stone crossings, over Kev. Dr. U. R. Mangum will delivcaudience knew that disappointment which it was impossible to walk on a ' an address at the meeting of theould not be one of the features ot dark night. j Missionary Society of the BaptistThe nrosrrani Wp rnwr Mmt Mi-s ,. , , ui.. wlu,tu' 1U L,1U "uiun puwuih, iuij ai.... . ". - At tnat time we nau no struui. uuis ternoon at -?,0f ;-...-. v ...... ..... ...wvc.... u.. Dut it was not long alter mis unui meRARE OPPORTUNITY to purchase Furniture, Rugs, Cook. Stoves andRanges at bargains never before heard of, considering the hij?h advancein raw materials, workmanship and dye stuff vhich is used in all our Rugs.Our stock is very rjeavy at this season of the year, having purchased in December, before this advance, which gives the public the benefit and enables us to sellyou merchandise at a saving of 20 percent. COME EARLY at the beginning ofthis sale and you will get a nice selection.The E. M. Wheeler Furniture Store is known to back up his advertisementswith better furniture and better value for less money than you can purchase elsewhere, considering quality: We will quote you a few prices, as we will not havespace to quote everything in the house.Dining Chairs, Leather Seat, Q. 0.were 'S3.00, now $2.50Dining Chairs, were $2.50, now $2.00 Q- 0. Double Plank Top 8-Feetreaestai, was S4U.uu, now w.vuAgain in the near future.RELIGIOUS. j- 4 iLuncheonDining Chairs, were S1.50, now $1.25Dining Chairs, were S1.25, now $1.00Rockers, were 2.50, now $2.00Rockers, were $2.00, now SI.50Rockers, were $1.50, now $1.00Rockers, were $4.00. now $3,00Rockers, were $3.50, now $2.50Dining Tables, square top. S feet, jwere $10.50, now $8.25Dining Tables, square top, 6 feet,were $8.25, now $6.25Q. 0. Double-Plank 45-inch Top 6-FeetPedestal, was $28. 00, now $22.00Q. 0. Double-Plank 4S-inch Top S-FeetPedestal, was $35.00, now $27.00Q. 0. Double Plank 45-inch Top 8-FeetPedestal, was $28.00, now $20.00Plain Double-Plank 45-inch Top 6-FeetPedestal, was ?22.00, now $18.00Plain 45-inch Plank Top 6-FeetPedestal, was $27.00, now $19.00nanarcmisacBo'clock.will be served. All invited.Mr. and Mrs. James McCann andtown Board of Trustees orderedMr. A. T. Hillock loaded a car twenty coal-oil lamps to be erected son Mn CharIes McCann. -of Martins-th his household goods Monday. unon nosts- Vie .,i ,i 1iam,ville, Ohio, united with the ChristianThe same will leave here to-day for his street were Deuut-lfu! tlien- as1 nov' church, Sunday morning. Other ronew home. Mr. Hillock and familr an(1 in the summer time after the in- cent afWitiong to the church were,irill probablv leave Wednesday. Mi auguration of the coal-oil lamps, eacn j Mrs victor wniitridgc and son. Mr.Smith andMWHEELEREIGHTH AND MAIN STREETSCLEHillock has held the position as sexto:. ot tnem a .Ts,quae apart, theMverciHeve Whitridge, Mr. J. H.o' the Millersburg Cemetery for sev- scarcely visible from one Wock to an--lMrs George w Clay,oral years and has given satisfaction ouier a"u "" " i"b " iit is with regret that we give htm and in tae distance. Tngg avenue, whichbis good family up. Thev leave Mil- lri now one of the , m0.sl PrcMnmentiiersburg with showers o"f blessing.-. .Parts ot' our town having been buntand all kinds of good wishes on the P in rece,lt years- was al! "l Pasturcpart of their many froends for their land- Tne street Tas ,lai 0Ut; '.future success. WHiile Mr. and Mrs for the most Dart closed up, and wasHillock did vo conic into our midst as a Part o Vimont street. Ihe crossstrangers, botii having been reared street were used mainl' as alle's fornear us. thev prar;itallv begin their those fortunate enough to own cornerna.rried lite in Millersburc. having homes, to get in with ,their coal, wl iloSeen mpmo-.l but a short time prior uJman' of ihei", nnS 1)oneS1 mnL1le-cominp-hore Since residing here two middle of a block had to take their,mtle d?up--:itor.s hav- been born to coal in through the front yard, on acrhem. ard friends have clung closer to count of the back streets being closed,them, while thev have made manv ne.v As we unfold these tacts it is witi:ones. Mr. Hillock has looked after the niuch P"le on the part ot thedead of manv of our dear fripnds, and author to note the wonderful chancer.,ft is with sadness that we now givr- this little town which have beenhim up. Mr. S. E. Bruce and famil.' niade since MS?Jl- A4S,89' d??'n t.,Ja"':will .move to the cemetrv .nropertv, "an', 191. While the older inhabiMr. Bruce having recentlv received tants of Millersburg are lamiliar withliis appointment as successor to Mr. all, and more, too. of wihat the writer ,Hillock. We welcome this estimable ay sa' as .th-s history progresses,family to the place and fe2l assured ct we trust it will awaken a new m ,that the Cemetery Company could not terest in Millersburg. s history, andhave made a betler selection. M. maT lead to something that will prove:Bruce and familv have resided in our profitable to many ot us as well as,midst for several vears, and we are entertaining. In 1889 the town was jnil thnrmifrlilv ntmr.liPrl tn thPtn UllQer tne control oj. a oouiu ui j.iu-Dverybody will give them all the asslstance possible to make their po&ition a pleasant one.(The following is the first of atees, consisting of five members, whosechief duty was to audit and pay outstanding bills of the town. The spiritof improvement had not then begunTilmv Imet -once a month in variousseries of interesting articles on the P'aces ana spent dui mue umepast history of Millersburg, prepared transacting their routine of busines3by our Millersburg correspondent, A town Marshal, Police Judge, andMr. R. M. Caldwell. These article.-; Treasurer constituted the other towLwill appear from time to time, and officials. Local option was m vogue,cannot fail to be of great interest to at the time, and the town was full ot jmir readers, csneciailv former rosi- bootleggers. A number ot years later.dents of Millersburg, who are now in license was again voted in. Just beo;her places.) ED. THE NEWS. lore the County Unit bill went intoutctory op m nrnQmircr eflecL il was agalu voted ouU ancl l ". HISTOR OF MILLERSBURG. tQwn hag hQQn dry sinccThe little ciy of Millersburg is one jn ig89 there were no laws prohibo' the oldest towns in Central Ken- itmg stock from running at large intucky, it having been chartered in Uip llie sU-eet, nor was there a dog tax,early part of the nineteenth century. ,.ogs roame(i where they pleased, andand derived its name from its founder in tie summer time cows lounged laone John Miller, who lies buried nt 7iy lli:(ier the shade trees chewingthe old cemetery just north of town iiejr cud. TJie town was full ofMany. of his ancestors are prominent. 'dogs, many of them half starved, andand so extensive are they that they ere' a nuisance to everybody. Everycan be tound all over the world. At U0ly rajsed chickens and many fedone time the town and community was them n tie sidewalks. The grasslargely made up of the Miller family. an(1 weeds on tiie back streets weieThey are now scattered, and but few largeiy kept down by the stock thatof 'the old family remain here, who run at iarge. Notwithstanding all ofwill be mentioned from time to time the town possessed a great deal ofas this imperfect history, unfolds it- jiride, and even in those seilaiingly farself. back times we were far in advanceMillersburg has always been a pro- of many piaces in Central Kentuckypressive, aristocratic, educational cen- of our size t was tue largely toter, and from the time of its organiza tne educational interests which hastion to tihe present, visitors have loved been a part oC Millersburg tor threeto come to it, because they were al- fmarters of a century.ways sure ul iccciviu guuu uiu-iaaii'ioned Kentucky hospitality, and a royIn the spring of the year our homesFor manyand business houses were then as now,lav, (some of whom have passed away 3u did not have your -quo to ot visitor.l S Tot the writer ia these a.roi- ch ckens from Tennessee and thercles to give a detailea history of Mil- Southern States. ..lersburg from its beginning, but only , (To Be Continued.)iIn All Departments!All Winter Shoes andRubbers Must Go!Despite the great .advance in the price of Shoes and Rubbers, wehave greatly reduced all short and broken lines in Men's, Ladies' andChildren's Footwear.PREPARE NOW!An opportunty offered you to supply yourself for present and future needs. Come here tomorrowand take advantage of this BARGAIN CLEARANCE SALE!)ihOVER -SALELadies' Dark Russia Calf Boots6.00 valuesLadies' Dull Kid High Cut Boots$4.50 valuesLadies' Patent Kid Cloth Top Boots5.00 valuesLadies' Patent and Gun Metal Shoes$3.50 valuesLadies' Gun Metal, button, 82.50 values 1 -69Ladies' Felt Boudoirs, SI. 00 values 59Ladies's Felt Juliets, fur trimmed '1.50 values .$3.953.492.992.49Men's Russia vnd Platinum Calf English WalkOver Samples, S6.00 values $400Men's Russia and Platinum Calf Walk-Overeand Jbseacon, b4.o0 valuesMen's Gun Metal English Medium Toe Welts$4.00 valuesMen's Gun Metal Button and LaceS3. 00 valuesMen's Tan and Black Romeos$1.50 valuesMen's Black Felt Slippers75-cent values3.492.99'i .99.9949Boys', Misses' and Children's Shoes al Bargain Prices.EROM THEMacDoimld-Kiley Bankrupt SaleMen's M5gh Grade M. & K. $ 1 O.OO and $ 1 2.00 ShoesVarsity Shoes AA to DON SALERE AT ONE-HALF PRICE3Dm&-isrParis' Greatest Shoe Store.OOHE 1ST335 Main Street, Paris, Ky.IS JiintfV