- rf" 5' - -v.'h. 4V- 9f-'v-4(PUBLISHED EYERY TUESDAYv JrTHEDUUIDUnAND FRIDAY IN TWlfl ykid V - k- vVOLUME XXXVIIREV. DR. MANGUM TO WORK INLARGER HELD.At a meeting of the board of officers of the Baptist church Saturday,Rev. Dr. 0. R. Mangum, pastor ofthe church, tendered his resignation,to become effective on August first.'when he will go to Henderson, wherehe has accepted a call which willplace him in a larger field.Dr. Mangum's resignation was reported to the congregation at themorning service, and was reluctantlyaccepted by them. Dr. Mangum has"been in charge of the Baptist congregation at this place for the past fouryears, during which time he hasshown himself possessed not only ofthose qualities which are so desirable in a ministerial way, but of thatmost essential one, executive ability.During his pastorate of four yearstne membership has been increasedby 272 additions, making it now atotal of 492; the indebtedness of$4,000 on the church bulidihg hasbeen paid off; a Baptist Young Peoples Union organized and placed ona safe working basis; the Sundayschool has increased to three timesits original number, and the churchhas been put upon a budget systemwhich has enabled it to furnish agreater per cent, to the missions andbenevolences of the church.CATHOLIC LADIES ENTERTAIN,' "The sum of $S0 has been added -tothe Red Cross fund through the medium of the entertainment given recently by the ladies of the Catholicchurch, at their hall on High street.The hall was beautifully decoratedfor the occasion in flags, patrioticcolors and summer flowers. Musicfor the occasion was furnished by alocal orchestra and a chorus of younggirls, contributing a program of patriotic and popular airs. Misses Jessit May Fee and Irene Lenihan ac.companied by Miss Winifred Dovle at-the plane, rendered vocal solos; Miss i"Louise Connell rendered a piano solo;Miss Elizabeth Bean gave two recita--tions,followed by a dialogue, "Three'"Good Friends," by Misses SouleSmith, Margarite Dayle, ElizabethDean and Anna Gorey.3 151 feNENGINEERS SURVEYING PORNEW DAM."Louisville & Nashville civil engineers were engaged yesterday making surveys and soundings near theold mill dam at the plant of the ParisMilling CompaYiy.The engineers took measurements"of the old dam and its approaches,and made deep soundings in the mill.pool below the dam.Thesfe surveys and measurementsVrlll form a basis for estimates forbuilding a new concrete dam to replace the present structure.. 1 fe JNEW Y. M. C. A. SEC.At a meeting of the Board of Directors of the Bourbon County Y. M.C. A. held in the Association building last week Mr. J. C. Wilcox, ofOrange county, New York, was recommended to succeed Mr. C. O. Hinton, resigned, as Secretary of the in-Mtution. Mr. Wilcox was placed inSi.-ination before the Board by Mr."non.Dix, State Secretary of the Y.IP, C.who had been here m conregarding the selection ofM. C A.'CfllTlIMTtvc tt- -. " successor.Mr.:ainton. . ;'s resignation becomesMr. Hinton..pleasure either oneffective at his-ber 1.August 1 or Septek.-er and Mr. M.avxi. xzciii . x-wt ,inted a comPeale Collier were agpy chances 0fmitte to investigate lE trainingParis securing one of iil& - sooncamps Ifor the soldiers wntf Vh rebe brought into the service1 fi oEsponse to the drafting provisio'fisthe President's proclamation. ThefO )are several ideal sites for the location?;of such a camp around Paris, j53 E3 FaT. C ELGIN ACCEPTS; TBJMUm"POSITION.Mix ff- C. Elgin, who lias beenassocia'&i fr several years with thePrichara & Bail Garage and laterwith the successors of that firm', theC. S. Ball (y&SgS, left yesterday' forCleveland, Ohio, where he will takea position witft th InternationalHarvester Company.Mr. Elgin, who is one of the bestposted men in this section in the agricultural implement and automobilelines, will take a traveling1 positionfor the International Harvesteepeople, and will have the Southwestfor his principal territory. Jeff is afine fellow and his Paris friendswish him unlimited success as a "disseminating angel of commerce."Sa fe imGEO. W. MORROW STRICKEN.Mr. George W. Morrow, of the Clin-tonville precinct, wnue miiisixwith the Court Day crowd on Mainstreet yesterday, was suddenly stricken with illness and was for a timethought to be in a serious condition.He was given prompt medial attention and later removed to his homein an automobile. Last night he wasLET JUSTICE BE DONE 1 THOUGHHEAVENS PALL.While THE NEWS has a personalpreference as to the choice of a Secretary to succeed Mr. C. O. Hinton inthe conduct of office affairs at thelocal Y. M. C. A., we desire to saythat we hope the Board of Directorswill reconsider their action in appointing an outsider to hold that responsible place. We believe Mr.Dennis V. Snapp, of Paris, to be theoest suited for the place, and wehave no hesitancy in saying that ahome man should have been appointed to an institution maintained bythe money contributed by Paris andBourbon county people.THE NEWS is in receipt of a communication from a Paris man, regarding the matter, which we reprintbelow as a contributed article:PARIS, KY., July 2, 1917."ED. NEWS:"The Board of Directors of the Y.M. C. A. at a called meeting Thursday aiternoon considered Mr. J. C.Wilcox, of Orange County, N. Y., forthe local Y. M. C. A. secretaryship tosucceed Mr. C. O. Hinton, who recently resigned. The name of Mr.Dennis V. Snapp, of Paris, who isthought by many people in thecounty to be the logical man for theplace, was not considered."The Y. M. C. A. is a local institution; it is financed by the peopleof Bourbon County, and is intendedas a benefit to this locality. If ourmoney keeps up this institution, whyshould not one of our citizens begiven any benefit which may be derived from it, instead of a man fromNew York, who has no interest inBourbon County, other than mercenary? Mr. Wilcox may be a goodChristian gentleman, and a capableman for the place, but the writer isof the opinion that there are just ascapable, just as intelligent and justas Christian men in Bourbon Countyas in any county of any State in theUnion"Mr. Wilcox was recommended bythe State Y. M. C. A. Secretary, Mr.P. C. Dix, and is no doubt a wellqualified man for the place. Buthaven't the people of Bourbon countya right to recommend a man for anoffice which is kept up by their donations? If they have not democracy is a dead letter."Mr. Snapp is a conscientious andreligious young man. He is prominent in church circles and has hadconsiderable experience which wouldbe,yaluable to-him in this work.Only last week he was elected president of the State Epworth LeagueConference by a unanimous vote.Does not this give evidence of hisability? If people of other countieshonor Mr. Snapp with offices oftrust, why should not Bourbon county, his birthplace and place of residence all his life, not do likewise?Truly, a prophet is jiot without honorsave in his own country."Mr. Wilcox's election has not yetbeen made; he has only been nominated, the writer believes that afterthe Board of Drectors has consideredMr. Snapp, he will be given his justdues."S fca isYOU'LL PIND HERE AT $10A dandy tailored Palm Beach Suitand 12 different patterns to selectfrom.J. W. DAVIS & CO.fe fe feWARDEN THOMAS ARRESTSGAME LAW VIOLATORS.Game Warden Doug Thomas onFriday afternoon arrested HarveyJohnson and Bryan Hash, both living near Paris, on a warrant charging them with violations of the gamelaws. Warden Thomas caught themen in the woods shooting squirrels.They were taken before Judge C.McMillan Saturday morning,w - fty e'rjy .upon entering pleas ofthey were fined $15 and costsii'o.V?lltonly violate flte . 1ft , ,Mw1 'now, b'4CauseA iKfflXr " 1TTO ftlll ftTolprevent it ifpossible and to prSgSStfte onenaers?s MCoir & iif amf see 6W "Cn 't- J JSag" gate.J AS. S. Wf GSOff & BRJ-lEf fe ja"BOY ACCDEOTlLIXYSKdT:.While playing with an armySpringfield rifle at a house" in Sid-ville, a colored village between Parisand cimtonvine, oaiuraay juuimug,Charley Williams, a sixteen-year-oldcolored boy, was shot in the left armby the accidental discharge of theweapon, which was in the-hands ofanother colored boy, his' cousin,named Sim Johnson, aged fourteen.It was another case of "didn't knowit was loaded.""The bullet entered Wilson's" arm.shattering the bone, passing throughthe flesh through his side, making aslight wound. The two boys werealone- at the Jotinson's home, and ina friendly scuffle for tnfc possession ofthe weapon, Wilson received hiswound". Amputation' of the membermay become necessary.PARIS, BOURBON COUNTY, KENTUCKY, TUESDAY, JULY 3,j PARIS CHAUTAUQUA HAS AUSPI-CIOUS OPENING.thJloneninP-fpat,, ,. , ...,, ""iu uuiu, to KrtJtJL uitjth ph n Z7CU!iU"Th p;7: n.. Je'v,. vyc, wiuiam r.Bryan, three-time candidate for Pres-ident of the United States, at presenta Chautauquan by profession and After prospecting in different lofinancial perquisites. Mr. Bryan was calities Mr.- Dowd finally leased aintroduced by one of our most promi- large body of land near Pilot, in Esnent citizens, Mr. W. O. Hinton, who till county, which he worked with apaid a very high tribute to the view of becoming a multi-millionairespeaker. Drilling had been in progress forMr. Bryan has lost nothing of his some time, and patience and faithhold on the general public. He spoke . were finally rewarded last Thursdayyesterday in the interest of the Dem-! by a spouter which has since hfiPnocratic Forward League, taking forins suDject, "Fundamentals." Heheld the attention of his hearers frombeginning to end with a characteristic Bryanesque oration, full of eloquence, and strong convincing arguments. Mr. Bryan was follow on the program by the Square Entertainers, amusical organization 'of superior merit, far above the ordinary class ofsuch attractions, who rendered a delightful musical program, giving anafternoon of versatility. At nightthere was a large attendance againin -the big tent on the High Schoolcampus, to hear the Castle SquareEntertainers, and Mr. Ernest J. Sias,in a program full of interest.The program for to-day will be:Afternoon, Elma B.Smith, JudgeLee S. Estille; Night, Elma B. Smith,Dr. G. L. Herbert.From the many expressions of opinion we have heard the majority ofour people are waiting for the musical numbers, which will be perhapsthe most pleasing features of an excellent program.fe fe fe"THE SNIPPERS."-Contributions of scraps of cleancotton materials, white or colored,are desired by the members of thejunior Red Cross auxiliary, "TheSnippers," for the purpose of cuttinginto tiny pieces for filling fracturepillows. It is earnestly requestedthat anyone having these scraps willleave them at the sewing room of theRed Cross, in the Wilson Building, atthe corner of Main and Third streets.The class, which is in charge of MissCarolyn Roseberry and Mrs. PowellBosworth, now number thirty-threbut more are needed. Girls betweenthe ages of eight and fourteen areasked, to 'join -the organization, andibecome a "Snipper." The only implement of warfare they are required to furnish is a pair of sharp scissors that will "snip." Hence "theSnippers."WE KNOW MOW::Kool3CLOTHESfpSjjjSSs ''Come in today and let us mftke youcoolfand comfortable.Mitchell & BlakemoreManhattan Shirts Nettleton Shoes Stetson Hats. Dr. Reed's Cushion SolesFORMER PARISMAN STRIKES OILAbout four weeks ago one of the'" ? ' the Parisl'tt n ' ."'"" o .uutjuiric uomnanv was iuX:"UWZ smaKingfiis.ished the leading partsX" r-"?wa. alter leaving-, went 10 rvme ana severalother places in the now valuable nilseveralfields in that favored reeinn.producing a daily output of twenty-nve barrels of the kind of stuff thatmade John D. Rockefeller a little bitwealthier than some other Americans. fe fe feGETS DRAPT POR PAYMENT OPJUDGMENT.The receipt of a draft for$26,778.45 from the Louisville &Nashville railroad company by Mr.Harry Mitchell, of this city, marksthe closing chapter in a case that attracted a great deal of attention inthis city and county. Mr. Mitchellsued the L. & N. for ?25,000 damages alleged to have been sustainedin an accident which happened in thepailroad company's yard in this citvsome years ago. The case went fromone court to another until final judgment was passed in the recent actionof the Court of Appeals.As a result Mr. Mitchell was paidthe sum of $26,778.45, being a settlement in full for the judgment withinterest and the penalties accruingsince the judgment was secured.1 fe Si SPRAINED ANKLES LAY UP TWOPARIS MEN.As a result of falls two Paris menare laid up with sprained ankles.While endeavoring to swing on to afreight car in the South Parisyards Saturday night, Mr. AdamDayis, formerly of the Stout Cafe,missed his hold, and was draggedalong the ties for a distance ofseveral yards. He sustained asprained ankle. Mr. Davis was removed to the Massie Memorial Hospital, where he was made comfortable. While wheeling his grandchild athis home on Harmon Avenue, Sunday morning Mr. John R. Owens, ofTHE NEWS force, slipped on a rock,spraining his ankle. Mr. Owens isconfined to his home as a result ofthe accident.ClothThe kind that will keepthe fat man or the thinman cool and comfortable these warm summerdays. Light weighttropical cloth suits, madeand trimmed to givecomfort and service tothe wearer. Palm.Beaches, Silk Suits andKool Cloth Clothes, inpinch backs, 2-buttonsacks and double-breastedcoats for the youngfellows who want theextreme style. Youcannot be comfortablethese warm days without light weight summer clothes. Coats andTrousers frpm$6 to $15Silk Shirts, attached ordetached collars. LowCut Oxford Shoes in tannd black. LightweightSuirmer Underwear.1917THEPONY AND THEA COMEDY.HAT-A beflowered hat, aninquisitive-nn-nir oi r t , . -V""J . "" 1UW "u5ing snruo iurnin a littlecomedy which recentlywas enacted. on the banks of Stoner Creek, in therear or tne old Pansv Base Ball Park. ' An investigation hy several whoA number of ladies who had dis- had been rudely awakened from theircovered the existence of a nice little, slumbers developed the fact that Pshady little, sandy little bathing trolman King was behind the gunbeach in the rear of the old ball and a would-be hold-up artist waspark, had been in the habit of pay- several yards in front of the artilmg daily visits to the cooling waters. leryand still going. Kmg answeredIt was ideal spot, just fitted by nature' a S. O. S. call byUelepIione to theand circumstances for the part it has effect that a man' was belns held- ubeen playing. there. He responded and (HscovereOne day last week a party of young , a man whose identity he- could Aotladies accompanied Mrs. N. A. Moore ' ascertain trvine- in m tTirnn.fr .to the bathirig beach, and were soon.'disporting themselves in the waters.Two of the girls had driven to thespot in a pony cart. Unhitching!their pony they took off the Tramoccland let him browse among the succulent grass and the sweet leafyfoliage. But soon the animal became tired of this repast, and espyingwhat he evidently thought a nicemess of roses hanging from a lowbush near the water, proceeded tovikiiuiy utsvuur it.It was all right for the pony, butwhen the party came out of the waterand began to gather up their belongings Mrs. Moore was horrified to discover only the ragged rim of whathad once been a nice big summer hat,trimmed with red roses. The ponydidn't have time to apologize for hisqueer gastronomical feat and Mrs.Moore went home hatless, but gladthe pony hadn't discovered some ofher other attire that could not havebeen spared.1 3CUTS ARTERY IN WRIST WHILEDIVING.Mr. Bert King, employed at therestaurant of A'Hearn & Burton, atthe corner of Pleasant and Tenthstreets, met with an unfortunate accident Sunday afternoon. Mr. King,with several companions, had beenbathing in Stoner Creek, near thelviaysvme Driage. in diving irom arope swing Mr. King went too deep,and striking his arm against sharprock in the bed of the creek, the largeartery in his right wrist was severed.He was able to make his way to thesurface, and was carried by his companions to the office of the Paris IceManufacturing Company, where Dr.J. M. Williams responded to a callfor help. Mr. King's injuries, wereattended to and he was removed' tohis home.fe ?3 EaHERALD CHANGES AGENCY.Owing to the fact that Mr. A. J.Duncan, who has had the agency forthe Lexington Herald in Paris, desiring to make a change, the agency hasbeen transferred to the HotelFordham, where the paper will in thefuture be found on sale. Deliverieswill be made to the regular subscribers as usual by carriers.The Hearld now reaches Parisreaders before breakfast, being sentto Winchester by auto, where thepapers are transferred to the fasttrain on the I. & N. reaching Parisat 5:25 a. m. Heretofore on accountof the curtailment of train service onthe L. & N. which resulted in takingoff the early morning train fromLexington to Paris the papers did notreach here until eight a. m.IS Pfi SREPORT raFOTJITDED.Unscrupulous persons have beenbusily circulating the. report on thestreets of Paris that I have withdrawn, or have been contemplatingwithdrawing, from the race of PoliceJudge of Paris.I desire to state to the voters ofthe city that I am still in this raceand will be in ituntil put down orout. I am in it to win, if possible,and I am confident that I can hold myown with any. of the candidates nowin the field. I do not know whostarted the report, but it is very evident to my mind that it must havebeen an interested party, but this isnotice to thenx that I am on theirtrail.HARRY MITCHELL.IS tei feLOCAL POSTOITICE AND BANKSCLOSED TO-MORROW.in efiflfeM&flee wltli h-e ?roYisions of thS iJSStai iawS afijl regulations the local fjdsidf&ce will be L closedtomorrow, July -2, Jrf sU.l the departments. The delivery w'In'dW will fcfeopen from 11:30 to 12:3v to' accomodate patrons of the office. Themoney order, registry and otheY departments will be closed. There willbe but one delivery of mail in thebusiness section, and but one collection of mail throughout the day.There will be no delivery on therural routes, but the carriers will bea the windows to deliver mail top&titons who call for same. Patronsof the1 6flice are requested to transacttheir bffsiness at the stamp and general delivery windows as quickly aspassible on account of the limitedtime those" departments will be openThe fcfcfiks w'fli also" be" closd to-morrow.r " r" - -r,V,ATTEMPTED HOLD-UP.Three pistol shots and the wildscurrying of feet in the vicinity of.Pleasant and Ninth streets at a.mearly hour Sunday morning broke-the slumbers of the citizens in thatneighborhood.pockets of another one, whoa he was, holding up in true Western style.J The officer fired three shofcr at the"stick-up-man" who beat tfiep shotsby several yards in a get-away; Thevictim of the hold-up also disappeared and neither could be found Theofficer was joined by a numoer ofrailroad men who had .been attractedby the shots, but the chase was abandoned after the men had disappeared.151OPHCERS ELECTED.Bourbon Council No. 137, Jtmior.Order United American Mechanics, attheir recent meeting, elected the: following officers, to conduct the: affairsof the order for the ensuing term:Councilor, W. O. Kabler; ViceCouncilor, P. A. Thompson; Recording Secretary, Ira Bo wen; AssistantRecording Secretary, R. C. Foster;Financial Secretary, A. S. Wachs;Conductor, George McCandless; Warden, Jos. Lennox; Inside Sentinel, E.J. Bailey; Outside Sentinel, P. J.Myers; Chapter Sentinel, Rl D. King;Trustee, R. D. King, Treasurer, A.R. Dennison; Representatives toState Meeting, Ira Bowen, Thos. M.Funk, Alternate, George McCandless.Imperial Encampment I. O. O. P.elected the following officers for thocoming term:Chief Patriarch. John Smitz; Senior Warden, C. W. Fothergill; Jtsnior"WJarden, W. S. Arnsparger; ScribeGeorge B. Minter; Treasurer, Lawrence M. Vanhook; Host, SamuelEwalt.The newly-elected officials will beinstalled with impressive ceremoniesto-morrow night.E3 1E3- -y- -FLIGHT POSTPONED.0THE NEWS received a. messagedyesterday from Mr. Stanley Young?who is constructing an aeroplane athis home near North Middletown, tothe effect that he will be unable tomake a trial flight with his machineWednesday, the day scheduled forthat interesting event, owing to various reasions. Mr. Young stated thathe would be ready in about twoweeks, as time would be needed forgiving the motors the proper test.He stated that he was confident ofhis ability to prove his worth, andthat he would give the people ofParis and the county an opportunityto witness the flight in about two "weeks.te fe fe-PARIS GIRL WINS BUICK TOURING CAR.Some months ago the Rhodes Automobile Club, of Topeka, Kansas, inaugurated an automobile contest,which was participated in by peopleall over the country. Among he contestants was Miss Verna Turpin,daughter of Mrs. S. M. Turpin, of,'this city. -,A few days ago Miss Turpin re-'ceived notice from the Rhodes Club tpthe effect that she had been thesuccessful contestant, and that shehad been awarded the first prize contest, a fine Buick touring car. The .news came in the shape of a telegramto Miss Turpin. A letter followed,complimenting her on the excellentshowing she had made in the contest. Miss Turpin was the leader inanother prize contest some months ,ago". H:JULY COURT DAY.July court day was a mixture, ofeverything and resembled the sfbrated scenes in Bonh'ybrdok Fair;Where there was everything toHseen, kn& almost anything td be h4;There Was a fair-sized crowd 6n tie'streets, but little seemed to be goinyon in a business way. The farmerstalked politics, crops and w&r", wfmany went to hear William J. Bryanat the Chautauqua. ' An itinerantpreacher harrangued a small audience' or the public square, while idthe court house yard- the soldiers, on1guard hre amused themselves with.,gymnastic and setting-up . exercises,A parade by the Boy Scouts contributed to the general gayety of theai-ternoon. The farmers were too Vuy,with the conversation of crops' to1come to town and then it waat."regular six-months' collection tfmifor the merchants, which always etw! down the attendance atf July court.tiI3l 'Ifjmiwlh41rUDl!iI I "w.h',1 .r-redrU4 1 reetim W.llMPERFECT IN"0RTi&-. vSife4 :" &&,,fr2:&rt'AST. -'JT-'J; -v - -:," V rtvi7W?. C.'fO'-;.NAL., "rat-i"TT-V-JW.KJAYmiS' . H-T' - tf f .J? . f,- .-2S JIW Jt-WT-i i"- r , j . ,1.rks UL .r; jyf .r 1 ' ,. . .ttj, 4 . weMu !tIr4 (ttIThe Bourbon NewskTIlIshd 11135 Ytare oftinuoue Publication.Congbllshed Every Tuesday and Friday.K Year... $2.00 Six Months... $1.00Payable In Advance.W1FT Cr!AMPv Editor and Owner.Any erroneous reflection upon theharacter, standing or reputation ofaay -person, firm or corporation whichmiay appear in the columns of THEBOURBON NEWS will be gladly corrected if brought to attention of theeditor.MVlil VblM l inh w akUAXii LMJU7.ADVERTISING RATESDisplay Advertisements, $1.00 perInch for first time; 50 cents per incheacli subsequent Insertion.Reading Notices, 10 cents per lineeach issue; reading notices in blacktype, 20 cents per line, each issue.Cards of thanks, calls on candidates, obituaries and resolutions, andimilar matter, 10 cents per line.Special rates for large advertisements and yearly contracts.The right of publisher is reservedto decline any advertisement or othermatter for publication.Announcements for political officesmust invariably be accompanied bythe cash.EDITORIAL MUSINGS.?Taxing the Newspapers.T.his country cannot win the warwithout the aid of the newspapers'In the first place, if it had not beenfor the newspapers the Liberty Loanwould not have been raised in a hundred, years. In the next place, if thenewspapers of the forty-eight States,all the dailies and the weeklies andthe semi-weeklies and the tri-week-lies,and papers of all kinds, had refused to print a line about the RedCross, that organization would nothave secured the magnificent donation of $100,000,000 within the lifeof any man or woman living.And yet there is in Congress today a bunch of little men unpatrioticenough to seek the death of thousands of newspapers by the taxationroute, just as a similar bunch taxedthe banknote circulation of Statebanks to-death during the Civil War.If there is a newspaper in Bourbon county or any of the countiessurrounding, that is growing richjust now we failed to find out whereit is and along this line we claim .tofarily well posted. If there is anewspaper owner in Bourbon or anyof the surrounding counties makingeven a fair per cent, of interest onthe money he has invested, he iskeeping it awfully quiet. And yetthere sits in Washington that littlebunch of misguided and maliciousmisrepresentatives of the people seeking to tax out of existence at leastninety per cent, of the newspapers ofthis country.At the present price of white paper the more copies a paper printsthe worse off it is. The advance ofall materials has been as great, if notgreater than in any other line of business. It's a struggle just now, thehardest ever known for any newspa-'per to do more than break even, andyet they go along without grumbling,and many of them, like THE NEWS,without raising their prices to conform with the cost of that which goesinto their making. If the littlebunch in Congress wants America toJose the war all they need to do is to-put the newspapers out of business.The English and French governmentshave admitted freely that most oftheir successes have come from thegenerous and loyal support of thenewspapers is America going onrecord as striving to hamper thegreatest agency for good the Government can have?jThe-Pay's Happy Thought When.'it came to sellings Bourbon county'sshare of the Liberty Loan bonds, andwben it came to raising that $15,000, part-of the National Red Cross fundyou didn't see any Chicago mail order house or house-to-house soappeddlers dropping anything in theJiat, did you?ISoldiers of Humanity.-AVhile there is going to be sadnessin our hearts when the Paris andBourbon county boys march away tothe war, it is going to be differentfrom the sadness felt when some ofthe soldiers answer the call.When the American soldier goes towar those he leaves behind know that'wherever he goes the women andchildren are safe. That is a consolation. We can go about our work for"humanity here at home with a lighterheart when we know .that the word"atrocity" is no part of the American-soldier's vocabulary. We hope for&MUSlAI&KU... .. . N- ;f : K- .f.- ' , , , , .-, ..v.. V. , .-i- . .;., ,.:,Ji.A,tr ,' , 'iVtT,,. g2 .U l- i... . ....., - , , S . - ,tiim andvire-pray fohim; but-gS wjUlnever be called? uD&n to? face the'awVful accu&ftion 'thafeur PalanjjtBourbon countyldiers, our soldiersfrom all over America, murdered innocent women and children. TheAmerican soldier is not; a murderer.The American soldier does not ravishand mutilate and maim the mothersand sisters of those against whomthey fight.James Bryce, the historian, and aman whose word is as true as truthitself, tells of seeing, with his owneys, little children in Belgium whosehands had been cut off at the wristby the Prussian soldiers. He tells ofseeing a Prussian soldier, marchingthrough the streets of a devastatedBelgian town, reaching his gun intoa crowd of frightened, distracted women and children, and impaling achild of three years upon the bayonet of that gun. We believe JamesBryce, as much as we regret to.Here in Paris and Bourbon countywe can thank God that our soldiersdo not fight that way. When theymarch away we can console ourselves, in a measure, that, evenshould the war be lost, our boys canface their Maker with a clean conscience, and with hands that neverwantonly touched or troubled an innocent woman or child.The Day's Best Thought The loyalmembers of Jemima Johnson Chapter,Daughters of the Revolution, and allsuch patriotic organizations, shouldbe gratified to know that the worldrealizes that they also serve who sitat home and sew.IS 191 E3ATTENTION CANDIDATES.Have you filed your expense account and made proper applicationto the proper authorities to get yourname on the ballot for the comingprimary? This can only be doneproperly by using a Thomas ElectionForm. The first lot was sold out ina hurry and the second order was foronly ten more which will go fast. Getyours to-day or you may be left. Youcannot get on the ballot unless youmake proper application.SWIFT CHAMP,Agent for Bourbon County.a fe paRURAL CENSUS OP STATE PLANNED BY V. 0. GILBERT.The first complete rural census ofKentucky is planned by State Superintendent V. O. Gilbert, who proposessecuring, through the rural schools,a report giving the number of children in each district, their ages, number of illiterates, idiots, the numberof acres in all kinds of crops, thenumber of head of livestock and allother such information as will furnish data for an accurate survey ofrural life conditions.Superintendent Gilbert is confidenthe can get the work done and is pre-I paring blanks for the teachers. Mostof the information can be securedthrough the children taking blankshome to their parents to fill out. Inspectors will be put in the fieldwherever there is a lack of co-operation.The work and its importance willbe explained fully to the teachers atthe institutes. County Superintendents are being asked to assist.a ta EaENCOURAGEMENT IN RIGHTDOING.. We often wonder why it is thatpeople, if they know any good oftheir neghbor, seem to think it theirduty to keep the fact a secret neverto be divulged until their neighborhas passed away and is laid in hisgrave, and then to be brought tolight when it can be of no earthlybenefit to him. It is not so with theirfaults, which all take more or lesspleasure in magnifying before thepublic. Many a man has been drivento the dogs for the vant of a littleencouragement and a just recognitionOf nil homeet efforts to do right, thatare not appreciated by his fellowmen.If people would take half the troubleto encourage others in well doingthat they do to circulate everythingthey hear derogatory to them theworld would be much better andmany a man saved from becoming acriminal. Men whose good deeds areignored by society and whose slightest fault is continually harped uponand magnified; soon lose all self respect and care nothing for society,because society cares nothing forhim, and he continues to do wrong;but if it is no credit tb do right, whatencouragement have they to do better? One-half of the criminals in ourjails and penitentiaries have beeamade such, in all probability, by theunkindness of their fellowmen, whohave always stood ready to condemnevery little offense without stoppingto inquire into the circumstancesthat may have caused the party to do jwrong. We' should put ourdelves inour neighbor's place surrounded bythe same circumstances, then wewould be better able to judge and nothave to 'wait till they are dead before we could say something goodabout them.ta fe isWHOOPINCUJOTJGH.In this disease it is important thatthe cough be kept loose and expectoration easy, which can be done bygiving Chamberlain's Cough Remedy.Mrs. J. H. Martin, Peru, Ind., writes,"My two daughters had whoopingcough. I gave them Chamberlain'sCough Remedy, and it worked like a1 charm."v - . . IKOBE HAS WESTERN Ft$V0Big Bustling Japanese "City J Seems'Proud of Having Occidental RatherThan Oriental Appearance.When you arrive at the hotel inKobe the management informs youproudly that they have the biggestdining room between Calcutta and SanFrancisco. This is a foretaste of astring of disappointments that awaitthe tourist who is in search of thereal Japanese flavor. Kobe is a big,bustling prosperous' city, but it is proudof being up-to-date and Western rather than being curious and Oriental.The hotel is full of European travel1ers and business men, the streets arefull of people in Western costumes,and on the whole you are likely to decide that you might have stayed inKansas City,If you refuse to be disappointed,however, and extend your explorations,you will find that the characteristicallyJapanese quarters of Kobe are the biggest part of the city and it is stillgoing about its affairs in the Japaneseway. Here are the narrow crowdedstreets, the bounding rickshaw menwho pull up and grin good naturedlyat each other after averting a fatalcollision by a hair's breadth, the rowson rows of little low shops with theirbig, Incomprehensible signs, and theincongruous groves and forests of telegraph poles.The telegraph and telephone pole today is really more a feature of theJapanese landscape than Fujiyama, thesacred mountain. The modern Japanese fan should show a line ofconventionalized telegraph poles disappearing in impossible perspective rather than the cherry blossomsand fan-wielding maidens who belongto a past age. For some reason Japanhas proved a fertile soil for the telegraph pole. The wires run underground and apparently more poles areused than there is any necessity for.The poles are the most conspicuousfeature of the Kobe landscape.FOODS THAT CAUSE RICKETSDisease Is Due to Too Little AnimalFat, Protein and Lime Salts inDietary, Says Doctor."Beware of giving young children toomuch pasteurized milk, proprietaryfood, or even cereals, to the exclusion of brdwn bread and butter,stewed fruit or roasted apple, and alittle meat once a day," writes Dr.Beverley Robinson of New York ingiving a warning note about rickets inthe New York Medical Journal.He adds that he Is "consideringespecially children two or three yearsold, who are healthy and vigorous unless rickets develops unawares byreason of faulty dietary." And he; quotes the following from Osier :"Like scurvy, rickets may be foundin the families of the wealthy underperfect hygienic conditions. It is mostcommon in children fed on condensedmilk, the various proprietary foods,cow's milk and food rich in starches."Rickets is the cause of knock-kneesand bow legs. It is due to too littleanimal fat and protein in the dietary,together with too little lime salts.De Soto's Romance.Fernando De Soto, the Spanish explorer, is associated with much of theearly history of this country. He isbest remembered as having been thefirst European to look upon the Mississippi. At an early age he fell in love withthe daughter of his patron, Dom Pedro de Avila. To prevent the marriage, De Avila induced De Soto toaccompany him to America, where hehad been recently appointed governorof Spanish possessions in the westernhemisphere. This was in 1519.In 1527 De Soto served in the expedition to Nicaragua under Fernandez,and in 1528 he withdrew entirely fromthe service of his patron. In 1537 hereturned to Spain and married Isabella, who for more than fifteen yearshad waited faithfully for him.Orange Popular in Tropics.In the tropics the orange is evenmore appreciated than farther northbecause of its wonderful thirstquenching qualities, and the eating ofit is a more highly developed art. Inthe Porto Rican cities oranges are soldon the streets by push-cart merchantsfor a cent apiece. The vender deftlypeels each orange with a sharp knifein such a way that the outer yellowskin is removed and a thin white coating of uniform thickness remains, witha small hole at the top. So treated,the orange may be sucked to the lastdrop without the least danger that itwill break and soil the fingers; but ittakes a genuine artist to peel the fruitin the right way." Bubble Background of Photos.Professor Boys of England, experimenting with bubbles, obtained somevery large ones, which in the sunshinechanged colors so beautifully that heconceived the idea of using them asbackgrounds for photographs. ,The large bubbles were blown withan ordinary bellows, says the Popular Science Monthly v The soap solution was heated and a Jarge-mouthedfunnel was dipped into it. The bellows, connecting with the funnel, wasthen worked very gently. Bubbleswith as great a circumference as twonnd a half feet were easily obtained.Putting Him Wise.Her Young Mail I wonder how soonyour sister will marry me?Kid Brother Well, ma said siswouldn't Mail long to nail you if youever popped." Judge.? -HOW WORLD KESPS-BTLAfleEPermanence of Continents' Explainedby Geoiogitsas Due, to GreaterLightness of Rock of Land.It is a comparatively new theorythat explains the permanence of continents, though their surfaces are onthe average about three miles higherthan the sea bottom, as due to thegreater lightness of the rocks of theland. At various periods in geologicalhistory the balance thus establishedhas been disturbed by the forcing upor depressing of portions of theearth's crust, and the disturbancesseem to have been followed by slowsettling or rising to the point of stableequilibrium.Late researches by the coast andgeodetic purvey prove satisfactorilythat the mountains of the UnitedStates at least retain their placesthrough their low density instead ofbeing held up by the rigidity' orstrength of the earth's materials. Thelightest gases rise highest, and arekept above the general level as icebergs rise higher than the denser water in which they float. The differences in the density of continental andsuboceanic materials are believed tocontinue down to a depth of aboutsixty miles. The normal condition isconsidered to be that in the large rivervalleys and under the coastal plains,and the material below sea level isheavier than normal down to sixtymiles.IT FELL IN FIFTH CENTURYAnd Shingles Are Still Obtained FrornPrehistoric Trunk of Red CedarTree In Great Northwest.Shingles are still obtained from thelog of a western red cedar tree whichfell in a forest of the great Northwestbetween 13 and 14 centuries ago. Thehuge trunk lies where it fell, blownover, perhaps by the winds of the fifthcentury, A. D.Straddling the log, with its roots inthe ground at either side is the greatstump, ten feet high, of another treeof the same species, also still sound.The latter tree was evidently felled bywoodsmen many years ago. Its annualrings number 1,380, which permits ofan awe-inspiring guess at the age ofthe log which it straddles. This method of growth, by the way, is not an unusual phenomenon. Seeds lying on thesurface of the felled trunk were nourished by the wet moss which coveredit and sent sprouts down to the groundon either side. It is obvious, therefore,that the log on the ground was of aripe old age 1,380 years ago when thesecond tree was taking root.Since the prone log is hollow itsrings cannot be counted. Moss whichcovered both log and stump and preserved them against decay was evidently burned off in a comparatively recent forest fire. The species of treedescribed furnishes more shinglesthan any other tree in the worldthe famous western cedar shingles,known in every market in the country.Home-Making Robins.Late in March, or early in April, therobin returns. We may see Rim hopping around on our lawns, or perhapswe may hear him first. He has aclear, cheerful voice, but does not singhis most joyous songs until his matereturns from the South, about a weeklater. Together they build the nest, orremodel one that they have occupiedfor several seasons. In the latter casethe old leaves are cleared out,' and afew crooked sticks added to the clumsylooking mass. Then it is ready for themudcup that will make it firm, solidand safe. The mother bird brings themud, and uses her breast as a masondoes his trowel, to shape, smooth andpress it into shape. She is a very dirtybird when she has finished, but soonmakes herself clean and neat again.When lined with grass, moss andfeathers the nest is quite comfortable.Silent Alarm Clock."The alarm clock as a social prob.lem" might Jje the thesis of the inventor who has devised a new formof this indispensable but unpopularinstrument. Realizing that the prolonged peal of a lusty bell at 5 a. m.may cause considerable inconvenience to next-door neighbors in apartment houses and dormitories, he hasdevised a silent alarm which awakensthe sleeper by a strong light insteadof a loud noise. When the clockreached the moment set on the dial,instead of releasing the spring of abell, it throws in the switch of anelectric bull's-eye lantern, so directedthat it floods the pillow with its glare.It is claimed that this method is aseffective as the bell in awakening thesleeper in question, and less effectivein awakening neighbors and roommates, s'Numerals Copied From Our Fingers,That the fingers of the hand heldup' or counted off was the beginningof arithmetic and of our system ofnumbers is the belief of Dr. GeorgeM. Gould.Proof that the fingers were used asdesignators of numbers, according toDoctor Gould, comes directly from theRoman -numerals. One finger was theorigin of figure I, the second equalingII, the third III and the fourth HILThe V was the fork which was madeby the thumb stuck up opposite thefirst finger.Too Honest."He's altogether too honest. Tmthrough with him.""Too honest, Mabel !"t "Yes. He wouldn't 'even stealkiss."V"The cost is nothing as compared to theeffective results. One telephone messageaccomplishes more than five letters for meand both customers and salesmen feel asthough they have paid a personal visit tothe office."We have adopted the practice of call-ing delinquent customers on the Long Distance Telephone. It's more effective thana letter or visit from a salesman. We haveimproved our collections wonderfully by ajudicious use of the Long Distance Bell Telephone." Every Bell Telephone is a Long Distance StationCUMBERLAND TELEPHONEAND TELEGRAPH COMPANYIncorporatedBOX 122, FRANKFORT. KY.! L Careful Attention ' m'mt,r To Small AccountsWflWe have uniform treatmentfor all depositors.The man with'the small account receives as much consideration as the man who carriesa large balance.Only a banker knows howthe small accounts increase.From an acorn the great oakgrows.Give us a call and let us explain our account system.Courteous treatment to all.Farmers' &f. P. KISBR, PresidentWM. GRIMES. Bookkeeper.Sixth and Main Streets Paris, KyTUBERCULOSIS NOT INHERITED.Tuberculosis is acquired, not inherited. There can be no tuberculosis without the germ. The commonestmethod of infection is by beathing. :Dust laden with germs from "spit" orsputum of consumptives floats in the .air and is breathed into the lungs, iHence the necessity of destroying allsputum, and of special precautionsin coughing and sneezing. Tubercuolsis may also be acquired by ingestion, i. e., by swallowing the germswith infected milk and food, and,more rarely, by inoculation throughcuts and wouds.I While tuberculosis is not inherit-ed, children, especially babies, areparticularly liable to infection fromcontact with consumptive persons,Such childhood iflfection may notproduce' immediate disease and ma7remain inactive for years, until theboy -or girl, weakened by bad envi-ronment, dissipation or overwork,loses the normal resisting power,the latent germs become active,and a breakdown with tuberculosisfollows.Because of this, it is the utmostimportance to "keep the body alwaysstrong and resistant.m fe S3OIiv Trs. t' Olive trees produce alternate crepe, afull yield generally being followed bya scanty one the next year.It Spurs Meni.to Energetic vEfforts"I use the LongDistance Telephoneconstantly! It speeds upmy business and spursthe other men to action because they are brought faceto face with me.5TWillrr hTraders' BankW. W. MITCHELL, Cashier.Try a Package ofDarling'sMeatCrispsFor Your Little Chickens.It is Just the Thing.For Sale byW. C. DODSONSouth Main St.The Home of Good Coalx WM, GRANNANAttorney-it-Lw' ROOMS 401-402.'FIRST, NAfTlf 'BANK BUILDING' - -y 7ft7 .zf. :V--'--,j.fr' "-:i-'- - ' ' -V -- X -A. , - --- j " v. . -: f'r' -: rr? y.T vt - '-' iv. -3&rTUESDAY, JULY 3, 1917.THE BOURBON NEWS, PARIS, KS,PAGE THRU-V!i(ANNOUNCEMENTSWe are authorized1 to announce theg gpd Democrats below as candidiatesat. the Democratic primary on August4T1917, to fill the offices to whichtkey aspire:FOR STATE SENATORLEE WAINSCOTT,Clark County.GEORGE HON,Clark County.ABRAM RENICK,Clark County.,tLFOR REPRESENTATIVE.C. M. THOMASFOR SHERIFF.WILL. G. McCLINTOCK,Doc Marshall and Bob Gilkey asdeputies.L. A. SOPER,.With D. E. Clarke and L. C. Ashcraft"f;.k as deputies.i; FOR COUNTY JUDGE.I! GEORGE BATTERTONC. A. MCMILLAN.FOR COUNTY ATTORNEYDAVID D. CLINE.WM. GRANNAN..COUNTY SUPERINTENDENT OF, SCHOOLS.J. B. CAYWOOD.MISS-MABEL ROBBINS.FOR JAILERGEO. W. JUDY,THOS. TAUL,JOHN H. DOTY,WALKER KISER,C. T. MASTERSON,W. O. BUTLER,JOHN W. KING,J. W. HART.FOR ASSESSORWALTER CLARK,1 Paris, with Jno. J. Redmon, of NorthMiddletown, as deputy.GEO. D. SPEAKES,t Paris, with Lee R. Craven, of LittleRek. at Deputy.FOR MAGISTRATE.W. J. McWHORTERCenterville Precinct.FOR MAYORW. O. HINTONE. B. JANUARYFOR POLICE JUDGECLAUDE F. REDMON,J. W. BROWN,P. A. THOMPSON.HARRY L. MITCHELL.ERNEST MARTINFOR CHIEF OF POLICE.JAMES H. MORELAND.W. FRED LINK.FOR COUNCILMAN. 'FIRST WARD.T. J. KISER.JOHN CHRISTMANJOHN MERRINGERW. T. BROOKSSECOND WARD.S. K. NICHOLS,J. J. VEACHJOHN ARKLE.THIRD WARDGEO. DOYLEFor Rent.Nice 4-room flat with water, ga andelectric lights, over Canal's BarberShop. Most convenient location InParla Applyto , '';(tf) . CAHAL BROS.For Sale.Several used automobiles. Thesecan are all In good condition and canbe bought fight for caahDICKERSON & DOUGLAS GARAGE.(3-tf)Wool Wanted..We are in the market for your wool.Get your sacks at the IndependentTobacco Warehouse.(1-tf) CLARK & YOUNG.FOR SALEA ood 6-year-old gelding. Gooddriver, perfectly gentle, not afraid ofanything. Will stand without hitching. Can be bought at a bargain.E. M. WHEELER,(22-tf) Eighth and Main, Paris, Ky.Luther Burbank Chose SonomaFor His Experimental FarmDoes this mean anything to YOU? It means that Sonoma County offersideal conditions for the growth of -a. very wide range of crops. It meansthat it is a good farming section for YOU. Here is one of the great poultry centre of the world; one of the best early apple, prune, cherry, pear,berry, dry wine, hop, and general farming districts In California'. Thereis planty of rain 'to make cropee sure.yoitc IEAVnra';VH0ltE.Wifcfttii'lHtUifr ttllUg of SoiomvCounty14 of th opportunities there for YOU. Send ten .cents forthis bookletan a samile eopy oLSunset WtauUufMg anai lsnettitftftc of tne life and development of the West. Address,YES! LIFT A CORN OFF WITHOUTPAIN.Cincinnati Authority Tells How toDry Up a Corn or Callous Solifts Off With Fingers.You corn-pestered men and womenneed suffer no longer. Wear the shoesthat nearly killed you before, saysthis Cincinnati authority, because afew drops of Freezone applied directly on a tender, aching corn orcallous, stops soreness at once andsoon the corn or hardened callousloosens so it can be lifted out, rootand all, without pain.A small bottle of Freezone costvery little at any drug store, but willpositively take off every hard or softcorn or callous. This should be tried,as it is inexpensive and is said not toirritate the surrounding skin.If your druggist hasn't any Freezone tell him to get a small bottlefor you from his wholesale drughouse. It is fine stuff and acts likea charm every time. (adv)m Ea isSOME HINTS ABOUT FIPtELESSCOOKERS.The Woman's Home Companionsays: "The nrelos cooker lias cometo stay. Its usefulness is no longera question, but a fact. It is one ofthe modern conveniences and, unlikemany of them, it does not keep running up bills after it is installed.Buy it, and the cost is ended. It doesnot get out of repair unless greatlyabuseti. It does save fuel bills andlabor. It cooks many things betterthan they can be cooked in any otherway."There are,many kinds 'of firelesscookers on the market. In choosingamong them one may select the kindbest adapted for the particular conditions it is to meet, and the space inthe kitchen which it is to occupy. Ofcourse a factory made cooker is best,but anyone who cannot afford to buyone will find it worth while to use ahomemade one. A person with onlya little mechanical skill, by followingthe directions which can be procuredfrom the Department of Agricultureat Washington can make a cookerthat will fulfill most of the needs."IS IS faCHOLERA MORBUS.This is a very painful and dangerous disease. In almost everyneighborhood someone has died fromit before medicine could be obtainedor a physician summoned. The rightway is to have a bottle of Chamberlain's Colic and Diarrhoea Remedyin the house so as to be preparedfor it. Mrs. Charles Enyeart, Huntington, Ind., writes: "During thesummer of 1911 two of my childrenwere taken sick with cholera morbus. I used Chamberlian's Colic andDiarrhoea Remedy and it gave themimmediate relief."ALL THE COMFORTS OF HOME.(The Christian Herald.)Before the lesson at the missionstudy class the other night the station agent remarked that two elephants had gone over the Wabashthat day, and that the car that carried them had two hot boxes.Now the boys in the class understood right away that the car axleshad been insufficiently oiled and thegrease in the boxes had caughtuflre;but one of the .girls"Why, who'd ever thought thatthey'd put in foot-warmers for thosepoor elephants!"Professional ;GardsDR. WM. KENNEYEye, Ear, Nose and ThroatROOMS 403-404.FIRST NAT'L BANK BUILDING.PHONE 136.LOSTSomewhere on the streets of Paris,or between Seventh street and theParis Cemetery, a work basket containing an embroidered gown, silverthimble, scissors and tatting bobbin.Finder leave at this cfllce.Laborers Wanted !White or colored. Day or nightshift; steady work; good pay. Apply toTHE JOS. JOSEPH & BRQ. CO.,(29-4t) Cincinnati, O.SOCIAL AND PERSONAL.Comings and Goings of OurPeople Here, There andElsewhere.Mr. and Mrs. J. Elmer Boardmanand daughter have returnedfrom a visit to Mr. J. S. Gillispie andfamily, in Oklahoma.Miss Lillian Berkley has returned to her home in this city after apleasant visit to Mrs. Charles Gates,in Lexington.Mrs. T. A. Lewis has returned toher home in Doyle, Tenn., after avisit to Dr. and Mrs. W. C. Worthington, near Paris.Mrs. Mary Talbott entertainedwith a dinner party Saturday at theresidence of her parents, Mr. andMrs. Robert C. Talbott, on Duncanavenue.Misses Isabelhave returned toBlue Licks aftergrandmother, Mrs.Ferguson street.Mrs. Lutherand Jean Suggstheir home near.a visit to theirW. D. Snapp, onHall and littledaughter, who have been guests offriends and relatives in this cityand county, have returned JLo theirhome in Alexandria, Indiana.Mr. and Mrs. Henry S. Caywoodand daughters, Misses Elizabeth andLucille Caywood, were guests severaldays the past week of Mr. and Mrs.John F. Davis, in Shelbyville.Mrs. Logan Howard and daughter, Miss Susan, are visiting relatives in Lexington. Before returningto Paris they will visit Boonesboro,where they will remain with friendsfoV two weeks.Mrs. James Woodford entertained the members of her bridgeclub at her home on the Clintonvillepike, near Paris, Friday afternoonAfter playing a number of games delicious refreshments were served theguests.. Mr. and Mrs. Clay Bedford andMr. and Mrs. John A. Jouett, of Cynthiana, and Mr. and Mrs. George W.Laughlin, of Lexington, have returned to their respective homes after avisit to Mrs. Margaret Laughlin, inthis city.Mr. C. C. Dawes, former secretary of the Bourbon County Y. M. C.A., who is now a member of the Officers Reserve Corps, stationed at Ft.Benjamin Harrison, near Indianapolis, was a visitor in Paris, Sundayand yesterday, returning to the campthis morning.The Bourbon county delegationto the recent meeting of the Epworth League Conference in Shelbyville report having had a delightfultime. Shelbyville is one of the mostdelightful Central Kentucky towns,and its hospitality was extended inan unstinted manner to the representatives who were there last week.During his stay there Mr. Dennis V.Snapp, of the Paris Epworth League,was a guest of Mrs. Botkin anddaughter, Miss Margaret Botkin.Mr. Samuel Ewalt, was the guestof honor on Thursday, June 28, at adining given by his daughter, Mrs.Thomas McDonald, and Mr. McDonald. The occasion was the celebration of Mr. Ewalt's birthday, he hav-ping on that day reached the eighty-first milestone in his journey of life.The occasion was made one of greatenjoyment for those present. Mr.Ewalt -is now the only living memberof Bedford Lodge of Masons whichheld their meetings in the old courthouse in this city in 1857.(Other Personals on Page 5.)&. fcfi feGOVERNOR URGES PROMPT ACTI0N BY EXEMPTION BOARDGovernor Stanley, inr,ajpersonal letter to the county exemption boards,is urging diligence, so that the bardsof men liable for military service maybe in the hands of the Federal authorities, by. July 7..In his letter Governor Stanley says:"You have been selected for an honorable and vitally important service.The security of your county dependsupon your diligence and efficiency.As you probably know, the celerityof movement on the part of troops inmodern warfare is as necessary tosuccess as their valor in battle. Thetime when these soldiers arrive mayprove as important as their conductin the trenches. I shall not attemptto tell you it would be impossiblehow vitally important it is that thiswork be done without a moment'sdelay, "in order that these cards maybe in the hands of the propter authorities by July 7. An army of manythousands of men awaits the conclusion of your work .and will march tobattle the instant it is finished. Forthat '.reason J urgently request yourimmediate attention, and the greatest..diligence and celerity in the accomplishment of the work in hand."A great many of those appointed tothe boards are declining by .wire toserve. Most of these are candidatesfor county offices.1 Si IS0LCIALIST PAPER. HELD UP BYCOTOT-ORDER.Through the protests of Clevelandsubscribers it; became known thatthe June 16 issue of' 'the SocialistNews, published weekly in Cleveland,Ohio, had been barred from the mailsatt he the Cleveland postoffice on theorder of William H. Lamar, solicitorof the federal Postoffice Department,under the v drastic provisions, of thenew espionage law for alleged; trea-m'fr,'?. jrt"iT"rT- TtrKVit. . -1Fending the final enactment of thegaeJUeipuiw of Jiaj 25,ana june z had .also been wtnneiiIS BUILDING OF MANY HUESSt. Basil's Church in Moscow Constructed With View to AvoidingAll Symmetry in Color or Form.The Kremlin, perhaps the most famous spot in Russia, stands on Kremlin hill, nearly in the center of Moscow. The mill is roughly triangularin shape and nearly a hundred feethigh, though it seems even higher,looming above the city. The walls ofthe Kremlin circle the hill and thegolden domes of the churches withinmay be seen above them from almostany part of the city.Entering the inclosure through theSunday gate, you find yourself facingtwo monster bronze figures of aspectdisconcertingly fierce. They are imagesof the two men who drove the Polesfrom Moscow 300 years ago, and havebeen gratefully remembered ever since,although their methods were somewhatcrude and merciless, as perhaps befitted their time. The average visitorgives small thought to these twobronze figures, however, for at theend of the square beyond them is oneof the most startling bits of buildingthat Europe holds.Thisis the church of St. Basil, anamazing mixture of every form andcolor that the imagination of the archi.tect could evolve. It is hard to callit ugly, and it is certainly not beautiful. Every hue of the rainbow is represented on its walls, though rich redsand golds predominate. Every one ofits numerous domes and towers is of adifferent shape and size from its fellows. It is a sort of architecturalnightmare, and yet it is undeniably effective. It is perhaps the only building in the world constructed with acareful view to avoiding all symmetryin color or form.LAST OF THE CARIB INDIANSNot More Than One Hundred of RaceWhich Columbus Found in WestTIndies Are Still Alive.-The Carib Indian was the first representative of Lo, the poor red man, tomeet the tide of European travel. Hewas the one found by Columbus andthe later Spanish explorers in the West-Indies, and he has given the Caribbeansea his name. Thus he is assured amonument as long as geography shalllast, and he needs it, because as a living race he .has practically disappeared. How many thousands of Caribsdwelt In the West Indies in 1492 islargely a matter of conjecture. Theyquickly began to die out under thehand of the conqueror, who workedthem as slaves and shot them whenthey made war. Today it Is doubtfulwhether there are 100 pure-bloodedCaribs alive. Practically all of themlive on the British isle of Dominica, ona reservation set apart for' them calledSalybia. '"The reservation is very difficult ofaccess, for there is no sheltered harbor or landing place. The only methodof approach is by one of the coastingsteamers which circle' the island.When the steamer gets opposite Salybia with anyone who wants to landaboard, she stops and whistles. If theweather is good and the water smoothenough, a canoe puts out and takes thepassenger ashore. If the weather istoo rough the passenger must needscontent himself to go on around theisland and try again on the next round.Syllables Are Clipped.But, the American does love to savehis words I .Itiw.as.in .the elevator ola 'skyscraper .the pother, day that thenewest device for clipping syllableswas noticed. The lift had just passedthe tenth floor when-a morose -lookingman spoke to its conductor, "'j-nree,"said he, meaning, of course, the thirteenth. When he had been left at thefloor the bearded man grunted out"five," and the chap next him saidhurriedly "seven." So they were deposited at the fifteenth aud seventeenth floors, respectively, and thenthe elevator boy spoke to the remaining passenger. "What's' yours?" heasked. "Nineteen," returned tha'tgentleman. "Great smoke, it has beenso long since I've heard a 'teen that Ihardly understand what you mean,"said the elevator boy, but he sloppedat nineteen all right. Exchange.Religion of Russia.Christianity was introduced intoRussia in the ninth, century. The Established church of Russia, to whichthe great majority of the inhabitantsbelong, is identical in doctrine withand' is a branch of the Greek church, jThe liturgy used is the same as that. originally used by the church at Constantinople, when Constantinople wasthe capital of the Eastern Roman empire,, before the coming of the Turks.This liturgy in the, Russian church is,however, not read in Greek, but inthe Slavonic language. The '-officialname of the religion in Russia is the jOrthodox Ca:tholic faiththe. wordCatholic being used, in Jte;generalsense, universal or world-wjde, Slity-;six per cent of the Russian peopliate.of this faith, and tbe census of 1915'showed a populattojrf 182,182,600; r t ,- ! -i r --r.To Know How To Be ReadyTo know how to, be ready is a greatthing. It. H.-preclous faculty thatimplies forethought, grasp-ad, jdeci-'sion. To. attain ity oneumaat j gowthow to sevefibr: 'onecanndtnintangleeverytWngjbjemkntoW how to.divide tne essennairom inenupuuKethat rfeiveibp-ityiikonofd, one,ties, one's buaineaa. oatma ;-jnajp-l..I..I....I.,I..Mi4..i.i..i..il.....i.4.....n.''I"l'H"i"'I"l"M I ''! I II 1 Ml IfTHE TRIUMPHMMY WlJrL I'llyy7849 Wcist7623 SkiitMany other attractive designs for JulyT era-Uil&U i Milfl ft H Mi fjh teJpiy- . IMff1 sm M789 Waist jtPSv7835 Skin O,McCALL PATTERNS FOR JULYNOW ON SALEMARRYA MAN AND HIS WIFE"3t32 al sKoHhWW, aLEVY,- THE DRY CLEANERCumberland Phone 40 Home Phone 1692L. &r N. TIME TABllEEffective, Sunday, June 17, 1917, 12:01 a. m.TRAINSFROM34 Atlanta, daily25 Cynthiana, daily except Sunday10 Rowland, daily except Sunday11 Maysville daily except Sunday-40 Lexington daily except Sunday.211 Maysville, Sunday anly210 Rowland, Sunday only40 Lexington, Sunday only37 Cincinnati, O., daily14 JLiexington, daily33 Chicago, daily18 Lexington, Daily Except Spnday9 Maysville, Daily Except Sunday138 Lexington, Daily38 Knoxville, .Tenn., Daily19 Maysville, Daily39 Cincinnati, Daily Except Sunday..14 Lexington, Daily Except Sunday32 Jacksonville, Fla., Daily-....239 Cincinnati, Sunday only31 Cincinnati,-O., Daily .....'...130 Lexington DailyTRAINSNo.FOR34 Cincinnati, waily40 Cincinnati, daily except Sunday11 Lexington, daily except Sunday.10 Mavsvillfi. dailv erppnt Srmrfa.vt--r ---f: r: ii " r" -'4U Cincinnati, Sunday only13 Lexington, daily exceptSunday37 Knoxville, daily33 Jacksonville, daily218 Maysville, Sunday only129 Lexington, daily except Sunday38 Cincinnati, daily39 Lexington, daily except Sunday9 Rowland, Daily except Sunday14 Maysville, daily except Sunday32 Chicago, daily30 Cynthiana, daily except Sunday214 Maysville, Sunday only239 Lexington, Sunday onlyiSi; xvuvvifciiiu, ouiiu,y uuijr19 Lexington, DailyH" fc O. TIVIB'TA.BIjSO. TRAINS ARRIVE. FROM2 Frankfort, Ky., Daily Ex. Sunday 7:3 a.4 Frankfort, Ky., Daily Ex. Sunday...... .. 5:ltp.TRAINS' DEPART FOR1 Frankfort, Ky., Daily Ex. Sundayt Frankfort. Ky., Daily Ex. Sunday.Executor's Notice !. All persons having claims againstthe estate of J. G. Allen, deceased,of Millersburg, are hereby notified topresent same, properly proven,, as required Jy law, to the undersigned. Executor, at Millersburg, Ky. "All persons knowingthemseivesjii-debted to the estate of the said J. G.fia oft.Allen, deMW.di2Wfmspromptly with the lindenigned JCxe&ilbrV jt Millaraburff, Ky... .-H byV ANFORD M. ALLBN,!i2&W6 '&' Allen, Deceased.of separateWaistsandSkirtsA7ifVi ront1 cf-riloo 4-VtaxTwwiuciw ixv.o uwfhave come to front thisseason.McCALLFASHIONSFor Julyshow them in all theirnew glory and in all'their new phasesfor sport, for service,for general use.SIMON''M''i''I'li4il''l-i't1"Hii'ltitmay both derive saiisfactionby having their worn and soiled .garments cleaned by us. Thecost is nominal, while 'the. pleasure of wearing old clothes thathave the appearance of new,' injconjunction with the knowledgethat you are effecting a greatving, must surely satisfy you.j A phone brings u'3.ARRIVAL. 5:25 am. . . .7:35 am.7:36 am- ,...7:38 am- , . .7:40 am-. . . .8:00 am8:05 am8:10" am.10:05lam10: )Zj antlb:17,'am12:f6-m5:00 pj&-.' 3;t7pm.3:15pmS;4I,..- 5:Ef pmC:1S paC:33 pm.9:30 pm.' 10:38 pai10:23p mLEAV15:39 am..7:45'ma-. .7:47 amt . 7 AH un- - - -r -8:20 -amN. ......10:25 am.10:32 am10:22 am.....12:M3-:'25 pm3:24 pm.5:57 pm..S:W pm: :33 pja:3g tn:48 ms:3o pm$:s$ pm.......... ............. ..9:49 pjBf :3S p a.....8:2 a. bv:S p. -nis1-rrcr-Scrap Iron Waited.j'JOjI am paying fiftycajjtadraior au mnaa pc orap irm. "Jtetthan 1,000 pound.' Tila jaatarlal; weighed at any city,mk, TTkta 1torbrdtliTered to" tie lcaraTo:vtk Lmiavilla ft Naihvllle tracki,tkjul rOTtc tka CmaibaflaadJMmt44Ui?Atf : -. . ymi -k'I ?mm;HkJ-?it;tVrflMrH!'3ftiy&AV:TiW.imml'vfIII3; '77'thW&&mmWMjiiTf-mHiiy&fiWiWWSVSPr.M&'"V" .-iMIDBwyndii-i,:?:'5 .jr;jTV--C--i,v- ", C-ite.v.'VrxixE FOURTHE BOURBON NEWS, PARIS, KY.TUESDAY, JULY 3 1117;- v Jr - Vy-i n.8 :fa1,15 31111 1I NI';IfinI di uHI5 11HI!IIi8nMk-it!IIkFImiMt1!triiUi)'.1?1-,kThe Bourbon NewsEstablished 188136 Yearstinions Publication.of Con-BLUEGRASS SEED BRINGINGGOOD PRICES.Bluegrass seed delivered at thehouse is now being quoted at the.handsome price of $1.50 per bushel,according to the seed dealers inParis, who are now interested inpractically nine-tenths of the entirecrop.The present price is the highestthat has been reached in the localmarket since the season of 1911,when the seed brought the top priceof $1.70 per bushel, and was in!the 1917 crop, which is in the handsParis dealers.The crop this season is estimatedat about 200,000 bushels, which isless than one-half of the usual production. It is of an excellent quality, having headed out in fine shape,and full of germinating powers.While little of it is likely to be exported, on account of the war, therewill be a good demand for home useon the lawns and yards of residencesin the country.WHY NOT INVEST $10 NOW ?And be comfortable the balance ofthe summer Our Palm Beaches solvethe problem, "How to keep cool?"J. W. DAVIS & CO.mGARDENER ROBBED.great demand even at that priceParjs ngw eestrol three-fourths. pfjb touched for lj rgjl.Some unpatriotic cuss obtained access to the pocket of a coat belongingto Mr. J. D. Price, well-known gardener, while he was at work in hisgarden Friday, and relieved him ofib m cash, which he had left inthe coat. 'jur. jpnce regrets the loss of themoney, but is unable to understandhow any man could be so unprincipled in these times of war as to stealmoney from a man who is engagedin doing his bit toward relieving thefood shortage. Mr. Price left hiscoat hanging on a fence post whilehe was tilling the soil, not thinkinsrthat his "First National Pnt" iji,vvl,,k TJ141.JURISTS' WIFE INJURED.Judge Robert Lee Stout, who hasbeen presiding over the June term ofthe Bourbon Circuit Court, received atelephone message that his wife, Mrs.Florence Offutt Stout, who has beencamping with a. party of friends atTegas, Clay county, had been seriously injured by being thrown from ahorse. Judge Stout immediately adjourned Court nad left for the sceneof the accident.Late reports from. Tegas indicatetha Mrs. Stout was not so seriouslyinjured as first reported, but hadbeen considerably shaken up by thefall from her horse.Statement of the Condition of theFarmers and Traders Bank, of Paris, KentuckyAt the Close of Business, June 30, 1917.RESOURCES.Furniture and Fixtures. $ 2,000.00Loans and Discounts . . . 193,130.46Over-check 1,342.25Ponds 20,000.00Cash 8,939.57Due from Banks 28,958.11: t- ,-, "LIABILITIES.Capital Stock $ 60,000.00Surplus 4,500.00Gain and Loss 7.57Interest Reserve 102.33Reserve for Taxes 1,616.53Deposits 186,917.14Due to Banks 1,226.77T-i..$254,370.39?254,370,39Grass Earnings, for the past si x months i,. :;;... ; $6,677. i?lExpense Account ...,.. $2,B4f:pFurniture and Fixtures.; it)u-.bInterest Reserve . . . 350.00Surplus . 2,000.00Tax Account . . . 1,280.17.-$6,677.21, 1 o .$6,677.21I, Vv W. Mitchell, Cashier of the Farmers and Traders Bank, ofParis, Ky., do solemnly swear that the above statement is true, to thebset of my knowledge and belief.x W. W. MITCHELL, Cashier.'Subscribed and sworn to before me this 30th day of June, 1917.BUCKNER WOODFORD,Notary Bourbon County, Ky.3 My commission expires January 2 3, 1917.STATEMENTBourbon-AgriculturalTrust Co.JUNE 30, 1927Bank &RESOURCESLoans and Bills . . . 829,429.20U. S. Bonds 110,334.00. Real Estate 15,000.00Furniture and Fixtures 500.00' Overdrafts 4,849.88-Cash 22,119.62Due from Banks . . . 197,399.57$1,179,632.27LIABILITIESCapital Stock $200,000.00Surplus 125,000.00Undivided Profits .... 11,400.41Fund for Taxes 5, 903. 98Individual Deposits.. 837,267.03Cashier's Checks 60.85Due to Banks .00$1,179,632.27' Undivided Profits $16, 249. 79Gross Earnings Past Six Months 23,138.36Semi-Annuai DividendNo. 4 $10,000.00Expenses Past Six Months , 5,438.48Added to Tax Fund 4, 000.00Building Account Charged Off 8,549.26Undivided Profits Remaining 11,400.41$39,388.15 $39,388.15A SHARE OF YOUR BUSINESS WILL BE APPRECIATED.DIRECTORSJ. T. Hinton,W. W. Hall,Jno. Marston,Thos. HenryClay, Jr.W.H.Anderson,N. Kriener,B. A. Frank,Jno. T. Collins.OFFICERSJohn T. Collins, President.J. T. Hinton, Vice-President.Buckner Woodford, Cashier.Thos. W. Allen, Ass't Cashier.133rd Semi-Annual Statement ofPeoplesDepositBank&TrustCoOrganized in 1851At the Close off Business June 30, 1917r- After Payment of 5 Per. Cent. Semi-Annual Dividend.v.-ve -RESOURCESCash ...$ 23,300.49Due from Banks. . . - 241,746.48Banking House 15,000.00Furniture and Fixtires 3,000.00Overdrafts -957.69U. ; S. and OtherBonds 126,009.39Loans and Bills . . : . 686.950.32$1,096,964.37LIABILITIESCapital Stock $ 150,000.00surplus 100,000.00Undivided Profits..Due to BanksIndividual Deposits1,379.46.00845,584.91$1,096,S(64.37.1 4Comparative Statement off Deposits.July 1, 1914. After Merger '... 548492.2l'December 31, W5 ....,. $26,696.69-xjoeosawor av, "istio. -. ..- . . 'To4,75o.ooJanem7..V...v.......:y..v.;:.... $45,584.91CENTRAL KENTUCKY'S BIG SUMMER DANCE.Invitations have been issued byMessrs. John Stuart, Duke Brownand Ireland "Bit" Davis to the premier dance event of the season, Central Kentucky's Big Annual Summer Dance, which will be given inthe Masonic Temple, in this city, onthe night of Thursday, July 5.The hours will be from nine tothree-thirty, six and one-half hoursof genuine enjoyment, punctuated bya thirty-minute intermission for refreshments. The music wfll be furnished by Smith's Saxaphone Orchestra. The committee desire3 to impress upon prospective visitors andatfndanis t this dance that Smith'3.Saxophone Qnestra will positivelyplay this date here, and ask that noattention Jg paid tQ reports to thecontrary.fe tesWARNING TO AUT0ISTS.The Lexington and Versailles roadwill be closed to traffic passage thisweek from the Parker's Mill pike tothe Woodford county line to permitrepair work. Asphalt is being laidon this portion of the pike andtravel was stopped Monday morning, it has been announced. During the closing of this part of theroad automobile tourists from Lexington to Versailles and Frankfortshould either take the old Frankfortpike by way of the Big Sink roadas far as Versaillos or the Harrodsburg pike to the Military pike, thenceon that ihorofare to the' Fort Garrett pike, which leads into the Versailles road beyond thecounty line. Passage can also be hadout the Versailles road to the Parkers' Mill pike and then on Militarypike and Fort Garrett road into theVersailles pike again: The section ofthe road will probably be closed during the entire week, it was statedSaturday by Road Engineer RobertW. Davis.PRIZES FOR BIRD CONTESTSHOUSE NUMBERS.Prizes for the bird contests instituted under the auspices of the Girls'Canning Club have been awarded asfollows:First prize Grace Faulconer, Dudley School; second prize LucilleCaywood, and Lida Huffman, NorthMiddletown. Third prize MarjorieHoward, Millersburg.Miss Fulconer correctly named and !described sixty-six birds.; . 9ON T6 aarrodsburg" "House numbers, all kinds, at TheFair. (3-it)Man Wanted!Very little spare time required" toearn BIG PAY. Easy, pleasant work."Writing applications, collecting renewable premiums sick, accidentinsurance,D. ADNA BROWN,106 S. Fourth St., Philadelphia, PaRepresentatives of the BourbonCounty Girls' Canning Club will go jtb Harrodsburg to-morrow to attendWoodford j the course of instruction in the newmethods of drying fruits and vegetables at home. The work will be incharge of Mr. F. P. Lund, who is connected with an extensive staff ofworkers in Extension Work in theSouth. The delegates will be accom-panied by Miss Mary Fithian Hutch-craft, County Agent of the CanningClub.Cut The Weeds!Notice is given to all citizens ofParis to at once cut any weeds thatmay be growing on their sidewalks,in their yards, or anywhere abouttheir premises.By order of the Board of Healtb,, A. H. KELLER,(july3-St) Health Officer..THE WEATHER.sTElie following is the officialweather forecast for the week beginnLrrg Sunday, July 1, as sent out fromthe U. S. Weather Bureau at Washington: For the Ohio Valley and Tennessee: Fair, except occasional thunderstorms and thundershower.. Seasonal temperature, ,OOOOOOOIrtTh tem'pMtvui;S f0r the past threedays has been ove normal the mery' ascending rapidly. The highrecord of 93 degrees marked one day,Saturday. Sunday the torridity wassomewhat tempered by cool breezes,which made life more endurable.Early yesterday morning a thunderstorm accompanied by heavy rain,brought with it relief from the heatwave. The rains will be of greatbenefit to growing crops of all kinds.1900 CONDITION OP 197Farmers BankMILLERSBURG, XY.,Called for by Hon. G. G. Spear, Banking Commissioner of Kentucky, atthe close of business June 20, 1917:RESOURCESLoans $211,815.01Over-check 9,419.72Cash and due fromBanks 89,969.60Banking House, Furniture and Fixtures . . . 7,000.00Total ?318,204.33LIABILITIES.Capital Stock ? 30,000.00Surplus and UndividedProfits 19,74279Due to Banks 6,732.95Deposits .. 261,728.59Total ?3l'8,204.33W. D. McINTYRE, President.SANFORD ALLEN,' Cashier.REPORT OF THE CONDITION OFTHEPeopIesDeposit Bank andTri&1 Companydoing business at the town of Paris,County of Bourbon, State of Kentucky,at the close of business on the 20th dayof June, 1917.RESOURCES.Loans and Discounts $693,264 52Overdrafts, secured and un-secured 10,367 04Stocks, Bonds and other securities 100,909 39Due fiom Banks 238,800 57Cash on hand 17,675 86Checks and other cash items 4,089 79Banking House. Furnitureand Fixtures 18,000 00$1,083,107 17LIABILITIES.Capital Stock paid in, in' cash 150,000 OCSurplus Fund 97,500 00Undivided Profits, less expenses and taxes paid 12,512 66Deposits subjectto check 1551,305 17 -Demand Certificates ofDeposit 32,796 23Time Deposits 236,415 07Certified checks . 200 00Cashier's checksoutstanding- 1,040 00821,756 47Due Banks and Trust Companies 1,333 04Bills Payable oo$1,083,107 17We, S. E. Bedford and C. K.Thomas, President and Cashier of theabove named bank, do solemnly swearthat the above statement is true to thebest of our knowledge and belief.S. E. BEDFORD, President;Siiwornto before metills 29th day of June, 19i7. . - v "My commission exnirM .TnoIMO. . ' "r?3Summer ClothesHeadquarters:Palm Beach, Mohairs, Crashes,Dixie Weaves, Tropical WorstedsMGaThese fabrics compose the splendid line of Summer Clothes we are showingEvery suit is hand-tailored, made by best concerns in the country, and they bearthe stamp of latest styles. Belted and Pinch-Backs, and plain sack models areshown in a confusion of beautiful patterns. The values are better than you willfind elsewhere. You will be pleased with our showing. We invite you to call.$8.50 to $15.00iMkPANAMAS, STRAW HATSIf youVe still wearing that oKl hat, throw it away, and come in and buyr oneof our Straws or Panamas. Knox and Hopkins are here in newest braids andshapes. Alpines, Telescopes and Yacht Straws are prevailing styles. Excellentvalues.$1.50 to $6.00SUMMER SHIRTSHere you will find' the best showing of Shirts in town. Soft turnback cuff sin silks, silk fibers and madras. The patterns and colorings are- new; Grea tvalues.$1.00 to $6.00R. P. WALSHi:Main and 7thOne-Price StoreParis, Ky.fmp:111ivj:"Pennies SowDollars Grow"MlBJCSMYOU SAVEBig Interest on Every Dollar You Spend by Paying, Your Bills in iFull by the 10th of Each Month Following. Purchase andgetting BLUE TRADING STAMPS from, the Progressive Mer-Vchants who give them.--'A-PLEASE REMEMBERIn order to be entitled to Stamps, no balance can be on the books against youand an account must not run longer tnan 30 days from date of first purchase.Save BLUE STAMPS and make 3 per cent on all you spend.TO YOUa-'A full book means $3.00, the same as cash, in the purchase of merchandise. Cx-cept Groceries and Meats. You can redeem two fulHtjturl20 stamps for 25 cents worth of'It --v 1& TjrJr??MH -,.'"" "" A. NELUEJ'ilHiEIJt t. .-' -4 '"-. Sf"STTTT - -" "w-,v :-jfe-'i Ti:'.'.:-,-J! "jPf -"TUESDAY, JULY 3, 917.gtSfeylFOR THE BESTNOTHING ELSECome in and see our "Can'tSag" gate.JAS. S. WILSON & BRO.Tw ta Es feV HAY BALING WIRE. "Wie have a car load of Bale Tiesand our price is less than anybody's.(It) FORD & CO.153 fe 153BANKRUPTCY PROCEEDINGSMr. J. P. Auxier, who has been conducting a general merchandise business in Millersburg for several years,filed a petition in bankruptcy in theU. S. District Court, at Frankfort lastweek. Mr. Auxier lists his assets at$2,785, with liabilities scheduled atfe Jss jsaFARMERS SUPPLY 'CO. MOVES TONEW BUILDING.n -The Farmers Supply Companymoved last week from the RobneelBuilding at Eighth and Main Streetsto the new Anderson Building acrossthe street and it now ready for business. (3-4t)Ea 15a isJOINS AMBULANCE 'CORPS." Mrs. Alice Fisher, of Carlisle, sister of Messrs. William and FrankRemington, of Paris, has received aletter from her nephew, Mr. FrazierEals, who formerly resided in Paris,.Mr. Eales is now "somewhere inFrance" as a member of the RedCross Ambulance Corps in theFrench Army.i & felNEW COLORS IN $ALM BEACHES J,We are shbwing several entirelynew colorS in Palm Beach Suits, thatfor sefvl'ce can't be excelled, $11b andS" J. W. DAVIS & CO., yr is t a -RASPBERRIES! RASPBERRIES !Give us your fcfdef on raspberriesthis week. Dohvt &elayy if you wantany.(It) 'C. P. COOK & CO.PoftMER PARIS BOY GOES TOPRANCE.Among the "first-to-fight", marines who have gone to France to"fight for the Allies is John StollerBest, of Richmond, Corporal in the15th Company. Corporal Best isthe son of Mr. and .Mrs. ThomasBest, formerly of Paris, and movedwith his parents to Richmond a fewyears ago. He enlisted in the U. S.Marine Corps at the Cincinnati recruiting station May 1, 1915. Hadisplayed such marked militaryability and daring that he wasamong the first chosen to "do hisbit" overseas.isa m isINVITATION TO VISIT FARMERSSUPPLY CO. NEW HOME.We desire to extend our appreciation to the people of Bourbon County for their liberal patronage in thepast, and invite them to come andsee us in our new building near theOpera House, which is the fineststore in Central Kentucky. The sameattractive line of merchandise will behandled at the usual low price.Come and inspect our new home andyou will be courteously received,whether you make a purchase or not.THE FARMERS SUPPLY CO.(3-lt)JS! IB 1EJTOILET PAPER.This week 6 rolls for 25 cents,either crepe or tissue.(It) FORD & CO.JK IS"TANLAC" STIVERS PAYS PARISVISIT.Mr Sherman Stivers, formerly ofParis, was a visitor in Pa.ris Sundayas a guest of friends ana reiauveb.Mr. Stivers has recently been operating in Texas. He says a six-weeks'drouth has about ruined everythingin Southern Texas. In Louisana,Mississippi, Georgia and Alabamathere is a monster corn crop cornin tr nn Tn many sections of thesextxie it has almost taken the placeof the old staple cotton. Mr. Stiversleft yesterday for London, Ontario,on a business trip for the TanlacCompany.m m IMERCHANTS ASKED TO CLOSETO-MORROW.Through the medium of THENEWS the merchants of Paris areasked to close their business housesto-morrow, if not for the day, forthe afternoon at least, in order thattheir employes may get the benefit ofa h'oliday.Many merchants have voluntarily. .signified their intention of closinglor the day, but it is urged that theaction be a general one all over thecity, and that the opportunity betaken to make the occasion an exhibition of the deep feeling of patriotism that exists, in the community it the present time. 'Tklk action will not work a ftard--u,;;i i, mjtntfuitr in Parteam will be but a pror. exprsiHLiip ttmc part, oi xne f"v"?H j jttt mwpnw -,--,mum ana eons. - -SOCIAL AND PERSONAL.Comings and Goings of OurPeople Here, There andElsewhere.Mrs. Kate Wilson has as guestMrs. Verner Moore, of Shelbyville.Mrs. Lillian Dale and daughtervisited relatives in Cynthiana. yesterday. Mrs. Thompson H. Tarr has asguest Mrs. Frank P. Clay, of Louisville. Miss Mary Adams Talbott is attending the Summer School at theUniversity of Kentucky.Mr. and Mrs. Baird, " of Southvnaneston, unio, are guests of Mr.and Mrs. Sidney Ardery, Jr.Mrs. H. M. Hamilton is visitingher parents, Mr. and -Mrs, L. D.Overmier, in YorkWn, Indiana.Miss Nancy Willis, of Shelbyville, is a guest of Mr. and MrsThomas McDonald, on South Mainstreet.--Mrs. George M. Hill will leaveto-morrow for a visit to her son, Mr.Wallace Hill, and Mrs. Hill, in Livingston. Mr. and Mrs. W. C. Powell havereturned from a visit to Mrs. Powell's parents, Mr. and Mrs. A. J.Jolly, in E-yving. ,Miss Mary Frances Burnes hasreturned to her home in this cityafter a visit to her aunt, Mrs. Edward Brannon, in Lexington.Mr. Fred Frendberg has returned to his business duties with tJ.Louisville & Nashville at Birr-;ham, Alabama, after a visitfriends.Jilll&.4 nrg ParisDeputy State Fire. -SJ&rsnal Ohio.Feeney, of Covington v -was ilx p&Tisseveral days lpdt wiek on a tour ofinspection iu coswiection with the duties of nis omte.Mrs. William Shire entertainedat her attractive home on SouthMaift. Street Fridav afternoon atcards. Alter the games the guestsenjoyed, a delicious lunch.Miss Elizabeth Grimes and herniece, Miss Anna McMillan Talbott,attended the wedding of Miss BettieRichardson and Mr. Charles NourseLyle, in Lexington, last week.Mr. C. P. Dix, of Louisville, StateSecretary of the Y. M. C. A., was inParis several days last week on business connected with .the Bourboncounty branch of the work.The many friends of Mrs. OrieBannister, who underwent a seriousoperation at Massie Memorial Hospital, will be glad to know she is doingnicely, and is on the road to permanent recovery.Mr. Bishop Batterton, of Paris,who recently enlisted in the XJ. S.Marine Corps, is now stationed atPort Royal, South Carolina, as amember of Fifth Company B, FirstRegiment, at Marine Barracks.Messrs. Abram Renick, GeorgeHon and Lee Wainscott, of Winchester, candidates for State Senator fromthe Clark-Bourbon-Montgomery district, were in Paris yesterday,mingling with the court day crowd.Miss Virginia Dundon, of Paris,who is a guest of Miss Anna LouiseConnor, in Lexington, was a guestof honor Friday evening at a dining given by Miss Connor. Theguests enjoyed dancing fromeight-thirty to one. Refreshmentswere served.Mr. George W. Wilder, who wasinjured in an automobile accidentseveral days ago, is able to be out,but will not return to his duties forsome time yet. Mr. and Mrs. WillWilder, of Louisville, are guests atthe home of Mr. and Mrs. Wilder, onCypress street.Miss Carolyn Roseberry and Mr.Charlton Clay were members of thebarge party given last week on theKentucky river. The guests leftLexington in motor cars for Tyrone,where they embarked on the bargefor the river trip. Music, dancingand a picnic supper were enjoyed.Miss Nellie Mitchell, daughter ofMr. and Mrs. Harry Mitchell, wastaken to the Massie memorial Hospital, in this city, Monday morning,where an operation was performed atnine o.clock by Drs. Ussery andBrown for stomach trouble. Theoperation was a successful one, andthe many friends of this popularyoung lady hope she may soon beable to return to her home.A lively party of young peopleattended the dance given by theyoung people in Mt. Sterling lastweek Those from Paris who attended the event were Mrs. GertrudeSmoot, Mr. and Mrs. J: Frank Clay,Mrs. Kate Wilson, with her guest,Mrs. Verner Moore, tne laner ui oueibyville, Mr. and Mrs. C. A. Webber;Misses Mary Kenney Webber, Katherine W-ilson, Matilda James, AnnaLouise White, Margaret aruei,Messrs. Forrest Letton, John Clay,Turney Clay, Madison Smoot, Dan W.Peed, Jr., Ireland Davis and RussellFrank.Saturday's Louisville CourierJournal printed a handsome halftone of a handsome young woman,Miss Augusta Glas&, who .concluded avery pleasant visit Saturday to Mr.and Mrs. Swift Champe, at theirhome on Pleasant street, in thiscity. Miss Glass is the daughter ofHon. Carter C. Glass, Congressmanfrom the Lynchburg, Va., district forthe past sixteen years. She is aleader among tne social set in Washington, where she spends a great .dealol Her time during ine sesmuup w. mcNationailawrina'kiniL body. FoUowinr her visit here 7Mis Glass was agumt. offrienda fin. Frankfort, goingrrom mere io.nawiTiiie lenn., wnr,eTHE BOURBON NEWS, PARIS, KY.she will be the guest of Miss MaryHarding Buckner.Miss Ethel Meyers Funk, of Lexington, is a guest of her aunt, Mrs.Thos. M. Funk.Miss Mary McWilliams returned Sunday night from a visit to rela-1 tives in Ludlow.Mr. Richard Foley, of Danville,is a guest at the home of his grandfather, Mr. Nicholas Connell, in thi3city.Miss Helen Cain and Mr. JohnFeeney were guests Sunday of MissMildred Surran, in Newport, andMrs. John Feeney, in Covington.Mr. J. J. Nienaber, of Chattanooga, Tenn., is a guest at the homeof. Mrs, Thomas F. Roche, on PleasHiU street where Mrs. Nienaber hasbeen Visiting for several weeks.Miss Charlina Ball, Patsy Clark,Dorcas Ussery and Margaret Williswere guests at a dining given recently by Miss Hattie Hill O'Neill ather home on High Street. The guestshad a most delightfutime.Miss Julia Woods, of Paris, whorecently underwent an operation forthroat trouble at St. Joseph Hospital,in Lexington, will undergo an operation for appendicitis at the same institution this morning.Mr. Lucien Arnsparger, who hasbeen in the employ of one of the bigrubber and tire Concerns in Akron,Ohio, for several months past, arrived yesterd.ay for a visit to his moth?r Mrs, TJlifton Arnsparger, and family. 'o. Duncan avenue., Mrs. Pattie Ware Williams andchildren, who have been guests ofher mother, Mrs. Alice Ware, onCypress street, for a month, have returned to their home in Detroit,Mich., stopping en route in Columbus, Ohio, for a visit to relatives.- Several boys from this city willgo to the Y. M. C. A. Camp, CampDaniel Boone, on the Kentucky Riverfor a week's stay, beginning nextMonday, July '9. They will be incharge of Assistant Secretary Herndon Waller.Miss Mary Adams Talbott entertained Saturday afternoon at 12:30o'clock with a luncheon at the homeof her aunt, Miss Elizabeth Grimes,on Duncan Avenue, in honor of Mrs.Herndon Waller, formerly MissFrances Mary Ford, who is one ofthe most attractive June brides whohas recently come to make her homein Paris. The luncheon was a mostdelightful affair in all its details, andwas tnorougniy enjoyed by a largenumber of guests.Mrs. Robert Goggin gave aluncheon-bridge Friday afternoon atthe Hotel Lancaster, in Georgetown,of which she is now matron, to themembers of the Paris Bridge 'Clusfof which she is a member, and fifew Georgetown friends. The clubprize, a crocheted towel, was won byMiss Ollie Butler, and the guestsprize, a box of Miss Holladay's candy,was awarded to Miss May Marks, ofGeorgetown. Others present wereMesdames Charlton Alexander, CarlWilmoth, Jos. M. Hall, James H.Thompson, Albert Hinton, ThompsonTarr, Misses Ollie and Loraine Butler,all of Paris; Mrs. Isaac Marks, Mrs.John S. Montgomery, Mrs. Earl Ferguson, Mrs. Bertram Marks, Cleveland, and Mrs. Harry Montgomery.(Other Personals on Page 3.)TakeKODAKOn YourVacation Trip!Films Developed FreeDaugherty Bros.tA.-,NO. 1. One lot of Ladies' ShirtWaists, regular price $2.50, $3.00and $3.50, at each - - - -NO. 2. $6.00 and $6.50 Crepede Chene and Georgette CrepeWaists, at each - - - -All ourOneures.windowsKaltexPorch Furniture!You Wish YOUR PORCH to Look the BEST. KALTEXFURNITURE Will Accomplish This For You.We have at last received this line of Chairs and Swings in the beautifulBaronial Brown. Every piece is practically indestructible, as every one is built on-wire and the joints reinforced with steel braces. We show you one pattern here,hut have many in stock to show you.Porch and Lawn Swings, RefrigeratorsVudor Porch Shades are the Best!THEJ.T.HINTONe(fci , VMOTOR HEARSEElTrtCRPHNCV 36-, -TWO SPECIALSFORChautauqua Week!Number 1 and 2goods marked inprice to all. Watch ourfor specials.HARRY SIMONAGENT FOREiffel Hosiery,Warner Bros. Rust Proof Corsets and Munsing WearMOTOR INVALID COACHv:ftSIXTHVr.fri -r'PAGE TIYU-x:itf'rfv$1.98$4.95ziplain fig-35.-..j. aIii-'A: a,'-:l!v.UNDERTAKINGAND MAIN STS-.- SJ, .-.lJ-tSlW3,f,!.,i:L--d!-$4iib'lit-rr'-wfl1.7 -'miift'f9HIm'Mfajiiinmi i -4 I-ftm- vJ&..y'-i, - f- ,j4. V''", - if v1 v. j ': "'''' C -Cxv rv?' .., '-,.. VS.,.v;."VV"-i. .THE BOUfcBON NEWS, PARIS, KY,TUESDAY, JULY 3, 1917,4 tII 1II Ihn;INIwill!Mlfe'V:LiJtlII11If'Jfc4Mat ilillV't.fe'1.5M?1IIt?..jIkflitfIS5'!J I'llKiX.:y ?PLENTY OF PKOOF. ,From People You Know From ParisCitizens..'he greatest skeptic can hardly. to be convinced in the face of;Tlience like this. It is impossibleI? produce better proof of merit thantestimony of residents of Paris,of people who can be seen at anytime. Read the following case of it:J. W. Larkin, retired farmer, 431High street, Paris, says: "I am onlytoo glad to Tecommend Doan's Kidney Pills, because I have at times hadquite a bit of trouble with my backOften, I have had a dreadful acheacross my kidneys and the kidney secretions have been too frequent inpassage. A box or so of Doan's Kidney Pills at these times have neverfailed to cure me of an attack."Price 50c, at all dealers. Don'tsimply ask for a kidney remedy getDoan's Kidney Pills the same thatMr. Larkin had. Foster-Milburn Co.,Props., Buffalo, N. Y. (adv)151 jsa feWIND RESISTANCE.The problem of wind resisance toa steamship at sea has just beenstudied in a very exact and carefulmanner. A miniature model of a 3,00 0-ton freighter was build in exactproportion and tested against anartificial breeze in a specially builttunnel. It was found that a 30-milagale exerts a resistance of approximately 3,500 pounds against a steamer of the 3,000-ton size, and thatsuch a wind alone will cut down herspeed 5 per cent. Wjhen the indirecteffects of the wind in raising a roughsea and making it diffcult to hold thecourse are added, the net loss inspeed may be as high as 18 or 20 percent. In a dead calm, the air resistance is responsible for a loweringof the theoretical maximum speed bylmost 2 per cent.fe fe fe5AIG, GENERAL MANAGER OFTHE WAR.In everybody's for June, Isaac F.Marcosson paints Sir Douglas Haigas the man of action and keen insight. The writer paid a visit to England's famous war chief at his headquarters, an old chateau in France."A tall, lithe, well-knit man withtfie insignia of a Field Marshal onJtiis shoulder strap," is the description we get. "He is the personification of personal modesty, a deepseated and sincere aversion to exploitation. He shuns the spotlight."I found myself' he continued, "in& presence that, even without theslightest clue to its profession, wouldhave unconsciously impressed itself'tis .military. Dignity, distinction anda grave reserve mingle in his bearing. His hair and mustache are fairand his clear, almost steely blueeyes search you, but not unkindly.He stands easily and gracefully, andwalks with that rangy, swingingstride so common to men who ridemuch. In brief, Sir Douglas Haig isthe literal impersonation of thephrase every inch a soldier.' "fefe feGOODRICH MAN SEES RUSSIANREVOLUTION.Some new interesting viewpoints ofthe world war were disclosed by Victor va'n der Linde, Goodrich, repre'sentattYe who je turned, f rqm war-rid-rden,Europe, June 19th.Starting last Christmas, Mr. vander Linde traveled through Norway,Sweden, Finland and, Russia, doingspecial, technical work for the Good-,ricijCpmpany,. He spent considerabletime in Moscow and Petrograd. Mr.van der Linde was. in, the. Prussian.Capitol when the, .resolution , broke!out and witnessed the exciting timesattending the abdication of the Czarand the seizing of the Government bythe council of soldiers and workingmen."I have great confidence in the newRussian Government doing its sharein the struggle against German autocracy," said Mr. van der Linde."The new Government is. determinedto stand shoulder to shoulder with,England, .France and the UnitedStates. The soldiers are overanxiousto continue the fight. But the dissension has been among the working men engaged in manufacturingmunitions of war. The workers arevirtually on a general strike forhigher wages.""The American Commission headedby Elihu Root have put new confidence into the Russian people. Whenthe workers return to their shops andsupply the soldiers -with clothing,food and ammunition, Russia will'light as she never has before in herhistory."Before Mr, -van der Linde's recenttriphe .was associated, with theParis ffifce of the B. F. GoodrichCompany. Since the outbreak of theworld war, he was in close touchwitnthe Goodrich factory at Colombo, jFrance. "You have no idea,"said Sir. van der Linde, "of how. imxesMd the Prench people are withJfe United States joining the Allies.Tiey have a tremendous admirationr everything American. Franceaces utmost confidence in the abil-r of LtkeiUjiiJdSUtes-to sway-?ic-lvory to the Allies.""Even jwitb, iehMp of Americactiaued Mr. am-dr'Liaie, "an .alimited- Russia; It is my opinion, theirar canaot end under : two yearsCITY KEEPS PENN'S. PROMISEPhiladelphia Still Maintains CampingGrounds for Indians If They Careto Visit Metropolis.Historical Philadelphia we all know,or should know, well, but there arevery few who have ever heard of someof the old, out-of-the-ordiriary thingsthat go to form quaint Philadelphia.One scarcely connects Indians withthe city nowadays, and yet at thispresent time if a tribe of Indiansshould care to visit Philadelphia theywould find two camping grounds awaiting them in the very heart of the city.One lies between Broad and Juniperstreets, in the rear of the Ritz-CarltonHotel, while the other one is down onSecond street Years ago, when Pennmade his treaty with the Indians, hepromised them that a place would bekept for them and their descendantsforever, where they could camp whenthey came to Philadelphia; and whilethese plots of ground are not large,yet they still stand there in fulfillmentof Penn's promise.The old shot tower down on Secondstreet belongs, too, to Quaint Philadelphia. It dates back to the early daysof the republic. In those days therewere none of our up-to-date methodsfor making shot round; and the methodthen employed was to drop the meltedmetal from a height into water, thusforming it into round balls or shot.ARE YOU WORTHY OF TRUST?Let Us First Be Sure That We DeserveConfidence Before We DemandIt, Urges Writer.People resent an insinuation thatthey are not to be trusted, in general,or with a particular duty. Do we notlook within in impartial judgment tosee whether we really merit trust?Are we sufficiently competent to undertake the task in question? Arewe wise enough to inform ourselves ofmatters wherein we find ourselves ignorant? Are we clear-sighted enoughto estimate rightly men and affairs?Are we giving single-hearted serviceto our fellow man?Let us first be worthy of trust before we demand it, says a writer Inthe Milwaukee Journal. It is a poorsatisfaction to gain trust to which weknow ourselves not entitled. Let ourfirst effort to be to deserve trust ; thenwhether it Is bestowed on us or notwill be of second consideration. Mdcdonald said : "To be trusted is a greater compliment than to be loved." Yettrust is 'the foundation of love. It iswell to be slow In bestowing trust.Let time prove its worth. Once youfind the man whom you may implicitlytrust, treasure him closely. There isan old saying;uEat:a,peckpfi salt witha man before you trust him."Advice for Husbands.Most words of wisdom that fall fromthe pens ot experts on the subject oflove are written for women. Apparently these little sermons are writtenwith the idea-that only man's love isworth keeping and that woman's cannot possibly last.We are told that man must never bebored by trifling domesticities, but instead be encouraged to talk about hisbusiness, and so on. Why should itbe addressed to one sex only?Why not say to husbands : Remember that women are women and thattheir great need is for love. Love istheir vocation, the thing they do best,their greatest need in life. Why shoulclthe wife be expected to listen admiringly to the husband's tale of routingof a commercial rival when he doesnot show an equal courtesy when shedescribes her' experiences of the day?San Francisco Chronicle.Solving; Golf Problem.It was the office of the great sporting paper, andthe golf editor was taking a holiday. In his absence the in-. quirleJfronreaders Vfalchej golfing man answered through his cbn-e. spondence column' were handed to theracing editor. ,"Which is the better 'course," askedan ardent follower of the royal andancient game "to puzzle one's puttor to fetter -on the tee?"The turfman tilted back in his chairand smoked five cigarettes .before taking his pen in hand. Then, when hehad come to a decision on the weightyproblem, he wrote as follows:"Should a player snaggle his Iron,it is permissible for him to fuzzle hisputt; but a better plan would-be todrop his guppy into the pringle andsnoodle it out with a niblick."Wedding Cake of Ancient Origin.The wedding cake. Js. of ancient?origin. In its earliest form it was nothing more than a small; cake of wheator barley. Half of this was eaten bythe bride and half by the,, bridegroom,as a token that they were joined together for life. T The 'wedding ring asymbol "of everlasting love, is derivedfrom a heathen source. The giving ofan engagement r!ng..also dates backmanyr centuries', for in the time of theRoman 'empire the lover always senthis beloved a ring as a pledge, but theyoung lady had then to be contentedwith a ring of iron, without a stoneof any kind.An Optimist."Smltherton certainly is a man whomakes the best of things.""What has he been doing to deservecipriisef' . " ','-'. -. J"Hiiwife went "away fcr a weekand on 4the very day she left hesprained his ankle, so that hit. was confined at heme during all the time shewaa. tone, yet lie. seems to think U isHOMEMADE WASHING MACHINEMiners in Alaska Construct IngeniousDevice to Take the Place ofWashboard and Tub.In parts of Alaska many of the miners do their own housekeeping andlaundering. To accomplish the latterthey use as a substitute for the washboard and tub a device made of an oldbarrel-churn mounted on runners sothat the miner can take it along to hiswork.A cylinder about 30 Inches long and'of the same diameter as the head ofthe churn is first constructed of heavygalvanized iron. One end of this cylinder is left open, and the head of thechurn is fastened to the open end. Thecylinder is then carefully balanced inthe churn, and the churn-bearings fastened with rivets and solder to makethem water-tight.Two screens are made of galvanizedwire of one-inch mesh. One of them issuspended from the movable head byone-quarter-inch galvanized iron rods,and the other is fastened to the cylinder, so that the two are about teninches apart in the middle of the cylinder. The clothes are confined between thetwo screens. The water surges backand forth through them until they areclean, or as long as the churn is inmotion. A large pinwheel attached tothe bearings furnishes the turningpower.MOON'S EFFECTS NOT KNOWNMay Be Key to Sleep Walking andKindred Disorders, DeclaresWriter in Medical Journal..All persons in all times have seenan intimate connection between themoon and fruitfulness, both animaland vegetable."Even now," says the New YorkMedical Journal, "the onions whichcome to our city market owe their excellence to the farmer's careful conjunction of planting time with thephases of the moon."Such ideas have been so universalthat man's unconscious mind still preserves them, though his judgment mayscorn them as absurd.Doctor Sadger of Vienna cites casesof somnambulists who "under the influence of moonlight are recalled to timesand scenes of active childish wishes.The moon calls them in deep sleep toact out dream wishes."The Medical Journal suggests thatthe key to sleep walking and otherkindred disorders of childhood andlate life may be found In moon-lore.Costly Living.Most of the high cost of livingcomes from buying things we don'tneed. If it wa'sn'for that 'we wouldall live off the fat of the land, and therich and well-to-do would have enoughleft to help other people and boost theuplift of the city. If all the moneythat society throws away on idle pleasures and needless things were redistributed equitably among the people,everybody would be living on - lambchops, lima beans and pound cake;and the reflex action of such a situation would compensate the well-off forthe loss of their joyless pleasures. Butthe old ideal of the university seemsstill to influence the people "never tovex at the land's ridiculous misuse."It wouldn't cost a cent to have it otherwise, as long as our money goes into pleasures and trifles. But take eachindividual life and cut off the foolishand needless things, and such a onewould occupy the proud eminence ofa " champion of nobler things. OhioState Journal.Here's Your Hat, Stay Awhile.It is the Nunc Dimittis-r-the art ofthe peaceful departure. To. know whento go, and how to let go after "mineeyes have seenV-jyes, that is a fineart, indeed. Learn the art' of termin--al facility and save a world of apologies ana regrets anerwara. jjearuhot. tp linger over anything even atelephone. Long conversations, longexplanations, long letters, long farewells, long prayers In public, sermonsor speeches, and long-spun-out storiespray avoid them. Come to the pointon time. Depart gracefully. Peacewill then pursue you. Leave a wishand longing because you have gone.Learn to let go of little things todayand you will be ready to decide quickly at tomorrow's crisis, and to depart in peace Christian Advocate.Turtfe Fishing Chief Industry.Grand Cayman is one of the out-of-the-wayislands of the West Indies, asmall and isolated outpost of the British empire. It is the island nearest tothe Central American coast amongthose of any size. As a result of thisproximity, the leading industries ofthe island are turtle fishing and coconut, shipping, both of which productscome from the Mosquito coast of Honduras;an3 Nicaragua. Grand .CaymanIs a base of operaticDS, a half-way station in the trade. The island has anatmosphere pf prosperous leisure, because ail this work Is done away fromhome.Reformed Churches In United States.Of the four; reorinegjj Ldenomjiiationsin the United Btatesi.the Reformedchurch jn iJmterKa "(Dtch' Befprmed)Is theotdesft; jt1has?&ore 4jin 700churches. The'Refonned church in theUnited State (German Reformed) is'theJargest. with about 1,800 churches.The5HuafcarIanBeformed church, organized in 1904, isthe youngeat it hasT.chwpneThejphristian BeformedaurctiinM Xci isUMrd inace and size.it has 231 churcles and96,000 members.WAR COSTLY NOWArtillery Expense of Modern ArmyCorps $820,000 a Day.Outlay in Gun Metal and PowderHeavy and Vast Amount of Material Is Required forthe Trenches.IsWhen it is remembered that thereare today under arms more than 24,000,000 soldiers in the European war,the immensity of the task of keepingthem supplied with the munitionswith which they wage war will appear. It has been estimated that itcosts approximately $100 to outfit asoldier. Of this $25 goes for a gunand $35 for his 1,000 rounds of cartridges. The average life of a uniformunder modern service conditions isvery short; that of the ordinary rifleis six months. In all of the historyof war there never has been such arapid exhaustion of all of the materials with which it is mad, says the National Geographic Society Bulletin.A 75-centimeter gun can fire about400 projectiles a day. Bach of theseprojectiles costs approximately $6.Counting this and the depreciation ofthe gun, which is particularly rapid,the daily outlay for Its operationamounts to $2,700. It is estimated thatthe 120 75-centimeter cannon in anarmy corps, fired all day, cost in munitions and depreciation $320,00). Inaddition to this, each army corps hasabout forty pieces of heavy artillery.Explosives and depreciation for a single day's work for them totals $500,000,' making the total artillery expenseof an army corps $820,000 a day.If the outlay in gun metal and powder is heavy, it is no more so than theoutlay for materials demanded by thepresent necessities of trench warfare.An officer who has studied this phaseof the present war carefully says thatto put a trench in a state fit for occupation in winter requires 1,250,000running feet of 3 by 3 timber, 36,000running f set of corrugated iron, 6,250,000 sandbags weighing 1,000 tons and24,000 standards and pickets to themile. In addition to this, 900, milesof barbed wire has to be used, weighing 110 tons. When one stops to recall the hundreds of miles of trencheswhich stretch across Europe in dlfferent directions and how often sections of these trenches have to be recount, he can gain some idea of thetremendous amount of material required in their outfitting.Another picture of the vastness ofthe munitioning trade and. the immensity of the task of keeping thearmies in the field and in fighting condition may be had from the statementthat there are now more thai 4,000 controlled munition plants in Great Britain alone. Of these 19 out of 20 never produced war materials before thewar broke out. They employ nearly8,000,000 men and nearly 75A000 omen. The vastness of the industry inEngland is not out of proportion tothat in France. Although Germanyholds 70 per cent of France's coal andsome 80 per cent of its Iron, Francehas been able, by the opening up ofnew furnaces and by immense Importations of ore and pig metal, largelyto overcome this handicap."The Grape of Brazil."A notable feature of gardens withina certain area about Rio de Janeiro lathe jaboticaba tree. The delicious fruitis often known as "the grape of Brazil" on account of its appearance, and,as described in a bulletin of the United.States department of agriculture, isconspicuous from its peculiar habit ofgrowing directly upon the bark, notonly of the small limbs 'but e,ven ofthe trunk and exposed roots. The tree,growing to a height of 35 to 40 feet;branches freely close to he ground,spreading lntoa symmetrical ISafy topof great beauty. The flowers, produced,singly and lnclusters, often 'cover theentire bark above the ground. Thefruit develops rapidly to a diameter ofhalf an inch to an inch and a half, hasa deep maroon-purple color, is coveredwith a thick, rather tough skin changedwith coloring matter and much tahnlri,and contains the translucent juicypulp, having an agreeable vinous flavor suggestive of the Muscatine grape.One to four flattened oval seeds, aquarter of an inch long, are Inclosedin this pulp. The fruit tempts one toeat Indefinitely, the complaint beingthat it is impossible to satisfy one'sappetite on jaboticabas.Queer Sort of Butter.A queer sort of butter is obtained inTrinidad, where cows and' cream arescarce. This butter isthe boiied-downfat of a bird called the guacharo. TheIllustrated World says that this birdlives ia the -darkest caves, and seldomis seen in the daylight. The youngbirds' are extremely plump and fromthem is obtained rich fat, the nativesvery good substitute for butter. Th'ebirds are taken from theit nests whentwo or three weeks old. After Jheyare killed, they are puc on t boil,, notin water, but in their own fat Thenatives experience some difficulty in.getting at the nests of the guacharo.for they must creep through caves, and!wade through stagnant pools to reachtheir prey.' The full-grown guacharo isso,timid that no one ever has been ableto photograph a living specimen. 'A Grttn Rtoklt. '"Whatfs -the troirofe, sergeant?"M,Tis the new recruit," so'rr. Shure,1I tould him to mark time in the drjliroom ;till Qi came back and jh?'gscratched up. tir face of the clocimwia pencH." " l " fH'frI'ft'''I''M"M"I"l"l"I -1 !' -1 ''I"I"M"I"M-'I' 1 1 1 II 1 1 1 1 114 1 HI IIIKNOXVILLE, TENN.ISUMMER bUHUULUh THE. SOUTHUniversity of Tennessee fT RoundTrio ia Prom X-....... ... A.T T7-a AOaUM J.' -.. W - -SOUTHERN RAILWAY SYSTEMTickets on sale June 16th, 17th, 18th,. 23rd, 24th and 30th,also Juiy 1st, 7th and 14th, 1917.RETURNING, tickets will be good to reach Lexington t15 days following but not including date of sale. jExtension off time privilege to September 30th on pay-ment of $1.00.Tickets, train service, Pullman reservations and detailed finformation regarding extension privileges on application. $City Ticket Office 118 East Main Street. Telephone 49. tH. C. KING, Division Passenger Agent, LEXINGTON, KY.i''!''!''!!!!!Automobile Hearse or Ambulance !.I desire to announce to our friends that I can, wheredesired, furnish an automobile hearse or ambulance. Th ismethod of transpertation is especially desired on long trip s,the same being made in better time, and at no advance incost over the horse-drawn conveyance.GEO. W. DAVIS, Funeral Director.tttt'I''I'1"ti"I'SPECIAL!Ladies9 Black Kid, White WashableKid TopLadies' Brown Kid, White Washable tKid$5Regular $8.00 ValuesWe have about 30 pairs of bothwhich we are closing out. Comewhile we have your size.HARRYllllllllllllllimiM VI V 1Here is the Place for Values !Trimmed Hatsup to $5.00Sptclal This Week99cSuits Go, Too !Values in Wool, Silk and Satingo fortwin Bros. Department StoreSeventh and main St$.We Know You'll WonderHow We Do ItBut how or why shouldn't matter. The talk of the town:Palm Beach Suits(the genuine article) in all colors and; atylesj $8.50 to$10.00 values,, going atYou'll have to hurry, because theyre going-fast.SURPRISE SPECIAL No.All Our $2.00 and $2.50 Straw Hat tf AKfor men, yvour choiqe. ......... .V. .! nt9?r See our windows, then, hurry in white-the pfcaag&-oodk'"5 -fI nUr fir"; VJ9H vTgiV yil'wf. C"v I ::3p!if olaleA. A. HBBBiH A. A. . .4.Lexington ,Ky.- - -' . v-.. .. w 9VIA- l"I"I'''I''l - t4;''li'i'I"I - 'I'll'I''iliitTopLINVILLE1 ! 1 1 1 ! H-11 It 1 1 1 1 1up- to $25.00$9,50Paris,. Kentuckyt C:irr: iL Welbtei top-. -. .?', 1a ftlrljr food oM wefM."-Jilfa,.; ; -. V- . r y - - v "-VW ftj -mr f - .r'ri'. . ! '.. -2 '. - A?-X'--' .'' - -- 'i T1 1 tf.,-TUESDAY, JULT 3, 1317.7HEB01nr p-- -?t y z -rs- i-rwi-c s.AIM. tf-"- M-M49 fmJ rHIf You Use aGarlandCabinetRangeA beautiful line of Garlands on dlplay. Come In and look them over.Paris Gas & Electric Co.(Incorporated)ProtectYourEyes- v : -srrr -jfyegBBBBSBatFrom the heat and dust withGoggles and Shades!ourWe have a complete assortment. Don't triflewith your eyesight. Itis the most valuablegift of nature. For firstclass service, see usWe Fit Whererfi-v3.Others FailFRYE & FRANKLINDOCTORS OF OPTOMETRYDow BIdg., opp. Windsor Hotel$1.50TOCincinnatilifand Return'bSKOn Special Sunday Excursion onSunday, July 8thSpecial train leaves Paris 8:20a. m., arriving in Cincinnati at10:30 a. m.Returning leaves Cincinnati(4th S treat Station) at 7 p. m.W. V. SHAW, Agent.W. R. CLINKENBEARD, T. A.CAHAL BROS.BARBER SHOPPrompt andCourteousPatrons.Attention tcHOT AND COLD BATHS.PILES! PILES! PILES!WILLIAMS' INDIAN PILE OINTMENTWill cure Blind, Bleeding and Itehlng Piles.It absorbs the tumors, allays itching at once,acts as a poultice, gives instant relief.For sale by all druggists, mail 50c and tlJOO.Wti&US MFG. CO, PrsCfevetotf, OhvBERDORFER, The Druggist.Bourbon Building &Loan AssociationFIRST NAT'L BANK BUILDINGINREAR OF BANKYou Don't Have toStoopvNEVER TOO LATE TO BEGINThere Is No Past So Black or 80 Bit-ter That It Cannot Be Redeemed,Declares Writer.Take heart and begin again . AsKipling says, "there is for you nothing irremediable, nothing ineffaceable,nothing irreconcilable in anything youmay have said or thought or done."There is no past so black or so bitterthat it cannot be redeemed. "Thoughthy sins are as scarlet they shall bemade whiter than snow."There is no better time to have amental house cleaning than now,writes "Dr. Orison Sweet Harden in theNautilus. It is a good time to get ridof the rubbish that has so long beena handicap. Don't pull along with youthrough the door of the present all themiserable black, painful things whichworried you, marred your success andyour happiness 'in the past. Shut allof these horrid ghosts out behind theclosed door of your past life. Takeacross the threshold of the new dayonly those things that can help you, thefriends of your success and your happiness; take only the pleasant memories, the helpful thoughts and suggestions with you. Leave all the othersbehind. Bury all your skeletons so deepthat they can never come to live withyou again.Say to them : "You miserable devils,you have dogged my steps, hinderedmy progress, destroyed my peace ofmind, and strangled my efficiency longenough. I will have nothing more todo with you. I am God's child, and Iwas not made to be hounded by theseenemies who are trying to thwart myambition and to dwarf my career bydevitalizing me, and then cutting downmy efficiency."WORLD FULL OF COMPLAINERSSome Wail About III Health,About III Fortune, but MostAll About HI Luck.ManyofThe world is full of complainers.Some complain of ill health, many ofill fortune and most of all of ill luck.A pound of pluck is worth a ton ofluck. It is not a perfect world. Whois well every day throughout the yearwithout an ache, a pain or a cough?Who is perfect in physique, in temper, in deed and word and conscience?What man or woman is without aweakness or reason at times for misgivings or cause at times for repentance? It is a world of foibles, fads ana"fanatics. If we were all perfect, thepreachers would be needless. Heavenwould be on earth".There is comfort in the thought thatthe striking differences we find amongmen and women make the world attractive. If all were alike, the monotony would be unbearable.Think of these things when you feellike repenting over ill health, ill fortune, ill treatment or ill luck.Misery loves company and there arealways "others." Leslie's.Insuring the Apple Crop.Of late years scientific attemptshave been made to insure the applecrop. Formerly apple growing was asort of gamble. Perhaps Jack Frostmight slip down from the hills into anorchard, some spring night, when thetrees were in bloom, and with a touchof his icy fingers, blast the entirecrop. Even if he passed up the opportunity of freezing the incipient cropthe worms and bugs and various diseases got in their work. All the waythrough apple growing was more orless of a gamble. Not so today. Theapple producer provides himself withsmudge pots filled with oil, and whenthe temperature drops to the freezing point in spring time the growerlights the heaters and maintains a safetemperature. Then at the proper timehe goes forth with a spraying apparatus and wards off the danger anddamage of a myriad host of creeping,crawling, flying stinging insects andsome tree diseases" as well.Lese-Majesty.Lese-majesty in jurisprudence signifies any crime committed against thesovereign power in a state. Amongthe Romans "crimen laesae majestatis" denoted a charge brought againsta citizen for acts of rebellion, usurpation of office, or general misdemeanorsof a political character, which werecomprehended under the title of offenses against the majesty of the Roman people. In the reign of Tiberius,according to Suetonius, it was lesemajesty to flog a slave or to changeone's clothes in the presence of anyimage of the emperor. Germany givesthe law very vigorous force in all criticisms of the emperor's official acts.In the United States this form oftreason is without constitutional recognition (Constitution of the UnitedStates, Article in, Section UJ).Music Language of Sou!.The meaning of music goes deep. ItIs the universal language of the soul.Where speech fails, song is only beginning. Music can make men's heartsj as steei in me mte wj- uthousands are to be smcKen uuwuand trampled Into the earth, or it canmelt these same hearts to tender loveand make them tremMe at a sweetheart's whisper. Music can cleansethe soul for worship, or it can deprave for the vilest orgies. It uplifts,and it debases ; it inspires to the high,the sweet, the true, and it deadens tothe gross and low, the vicious and theheartless. Freedom and love and fidelity and praise words that illumine alllanguage would be meaningless anddead but for the spirit instilled intothem -by song. Exchange.VACATION SHLESFOR YOUNG FOLKSSAILOR' SUITS, MILITARY SUITSAND OVERALLS THE ORDER OPTHE DAY.GINGHAM A LEADING FABRIC.NEW YORK, July 2, 1917.Last days of school, then vacation!All the girls and boys are lookingforward to their freedom, while practical mother is planning what thespchildren of hers will need for thecountry, the seashore or the mountains, wherever vacation will bespent.Overalls.This might almost be called anage of overalls, for with gardens, defense leagues, girl and boy scoutsand the hundred and one other activities which are calling girls andboys this summer, overalls fill apractical requirement. Do not makethe mistake of thinking that thooveralls boys wear and the overalls girls wear are the same! Oh, no.Girls' overalls are made rather fulland bloomer-like, some of them haveblouses attached and are largeenough to put over an entire frock ifrequired to do so. Of course, khakiis the material considered the mostdesirable for these garments whetherfor boys or girls, but very often gingham and galatea are used when theboys are small and when the girlswear them in the house.MflvVkixllu.sEmbroidered Gingham FrockI saw a very cunning and practicaloverall apron to-day made of rubberized cloth and covered with serviceable blue and white gingham. It consisted of full romper-like bloomersand a bib with straps which crossedover the shoulders and buttoned tothe bloomers in the back. The backof the bloomers and the lower edgeswere fulled on elastic. This is to bepulled on over the small girl's orboy's clothes to keep them dry whenplaying on the beach. I thought tomyself that it would make a splendidsoap-bubble apron.In the accompanying illustration isshown a small boy attired in practical overalls. He looks ready , forweeding his garden, for fishing or doing any of the other duties of life.Overalls are not the only thing theyoung folks wear this summer, eventhough I have mentioned them first.For little boys are suits of militarycut, made of galatea, linen, chambray and khaki. Trimly cut like thecoat of a uniform, the little coatboasts of two breast pockets, withlaps, two side pockets, and a belt.The trousers are, of course, short.Salior suits, which small boys notconnected with the navy often lookupon with disfavor, have become verypopular with the younger generation'this season. If one is too young tobe a member of the navy he need notto be too young to look as though hedid. White linen and navy-blue sergeare the materials for this type of suit.Coats, even for very little boys,have a decided tendency toward themilitary, either in cut, trimming orcolor. Covert, in shades varyingfrom gray to brown and having brassbuttons, is very popular just now.A great deal of crepe de Chine isbeing used for children's fiocks andeven rompers this year. It is a material which launders well and iscool and dainty in appearance.Although gingham as a materialhas been devoted to children thesemany years, it seems as though theuse of it among the grown-ups hasgiven it a stimulus in children'sclothes. There never has been a season where there have been prettierginghams for children than at thepresent time. Yellow, green andpink plain ginghams are made up ofthemselves or are combined withplaids, checks and stripes in whichone or the other of the colors 'sa part of the color scheme. Yellowis especially popular. It is often embroidered with shades of brown, oldrose and green, or with blue or someother contrasting but harmoniouscolor.The charming little dress shown inthe sketch is made of yellow ginghamand trimmed with a doubled organdie collar and embroidered in coral -pink,brown, green and black.Embroidery on Children's Procks.Children's dresses aretrimmed"with a greatdeal of hand embroid-I ! 1v-'JH ! 'i Lav..I A A81 )( -)ry. Wool is soeffective that it re-evenfor summerclothes, but many peoplehave preferred to use mercerized cotton orsilk Jn its place. When embroid-"ery is spoken of, it is not necessary&&:Summer Overalls of Khakito think of anything that will take agreat deal of time, for the modernembroidery is very simple indeed.The darning-stitch is a great favoriteand is used, to give the effect ofshadow embrodiery; the lazy-daisy-stitchis quickly and easily done andis effective in coarse wool or cotton.Braiding 4s very fashionable. Sometimes braiding designs are stitchedwith coarse thread on the upper orlower part of the machine, whichevery woman considers easiest, andis wonderfully attractive. I saw acharming little frock of lawn notlong ago with a lattice-work designaround the bottom, the lower edge ofsleeves and on the front. A spray offlowers running through the latticewas worked by hand, but the latticeitself was done with machine-stitching.Cross-stitch is a wonderfully effective embellishment to children'sfrocks and is very easily and quicklydone.fe 3 E3State of Ohio, City of Toledo.Lucas County, ss.Frank J. Cheney makes oath thathe is senior partner of the firm of F.J. Cheney & Co., doing business inthe City of Toledo, County and Stateaforesaid, and that aid firm willpay the sum of ONK HUNDREDDOLLARS for each and every case ofCatarrh that cannot be cured by theuse of HALL'S CATARRH MEDICINE. FRANK J. CHENEY.Sworn to before me. and subscribedin my presence, this 6th day of December, A. D., 1886.A. W. GLEASON,(Seal) Notary Public.Hall's Catarrh Medicine is takeninternally and acts through the bloodon the Mucous Surfaces of the system. Send for testimonials, free.F. J. CHENEY & CO., Toledo, O.Sold by all druggists, 75 c.Hall's Family Pills for constipation. (adv-june)THE TKAPPIC STANDARDS.Modern traffic conditions call imperatively for strict regulations incities of all sizes. The fact that oneof Paris' leading business streets isa part of the road between Maysvilleand Louisville, a part of the interstate Jackson Highway makes the increase of automobile travel throughthe city a matter of certainty. Motorists who are not members of the community through which, they are driving often forget to observe at home.The traffic regulations will contributetoward securing a proper regard forsafety and courtesy upon the part oftransients.Paris has not persecuted motorists,as some of the Kentucky cities andtowns have, and it will not do so.The city should be seen by, and willinterest all tourists who traverseKentucky. No tour of Kentuckyshould be considered complete without a visit to Paris, and a heartyKentucky welcome should be extended all visitors here. But everyone,resident and visitor alike, should beobliged to obey reasonable regulations to insure safety and convenience.?aSOUR STOMACH.This is a mild form jf indigestion.It is usually brought on by eatingtoo rapidly or too much, or of foodnot suited to your dige?tive organs.If you will eat slowly, masticate yourfood thoroughly, eat but little meatand none at all for supper, you willmore than likely avoid the sourstomach without taking any medicine whatever. When you have sourstomach take one of Chamberlain'sTablets to aid digestion.(adv-june)EDUCATION MEANS OE ERADICATING TUBERCULOSIS.Education of the rising generationthrough school ciurses of the studyand care of the rising generationthrough school courses of the studyand care of tuberculosis and ot;herpreventable diseases, is absolutelynecessary to their eradication andthe Superintendent of Public Instruction should provide "order suchcourses to be taught. Provisionshould also be made for the isolationof tubercular children and no teacheremployed who is not free from tuberculosis or other infectious disease.mains popular- r ----! J ft Ift I'McCAMi it4J -IIIvia Louisville & Nashville Railroad30-Day Limit Round Trip Tourist Fares From Paris, Ky.NEW YORK $33.00 BOSTON $33.10Reduced Fares to many other cities and resortsin the East and NorthVariable route fares available through Washington, Baltimore, Philadelphia, NewTfork, Boston, Montreal, Toronto,Niagara Falls, Buffalo, Detroit, Atlantic City, the Adirondacks, Lake Champlain, and other cities and resorts of theEast and North, including trips on Atlantic and GreatLake Steamers.OPPORTUNITY!Mr. R. F. Clendenin, Associate General Agent forthe Northwestern Mutual Life Insurance Company, inone day recently, sold $100,000 worth of life insuranceover local and long distance lines of the Home TelephoneCompany and because of such an amount of businessaccumulated in one day, he divides the honors with usfor the efficient telephone service rendered. This is asplendid record for both Telephone and Insurance Companies. Mr. Clendenin says; "The service I get from yourCompany is all that I could ask, and on the closing dayof my campaign I used it with wonderful success.,,Such an opportunity in facilitating business shouldbe grasped by the public in general in employing co-operation,efficiency and confidence.Paris Home Telephone & Telegraph Go.(Incorporated)J. J. VEATCH, district Manager.W. H. CANNON, THOMAS K.Local Manager.Bourbon LaundryDAVIS & FUNK, Props.Telephone No. 4.Bourbon Laundry,Paris Kentucky.LAMPTON WILL PROBATEDThe will of Colonel W. J. Lampton.who died recently in New York, wa3probated in the county court at Winchester. The will was in the testator's handwriting" and under date ofJuly 23, 1906. Witnesses to the instrument were A. H. Hampton andJames W. Poynter. By the will, theestate, consisting of two houses andlots on Hickman street, in Winchester, together with various sums ofmoney deposited in different institutions, and life insurance, is left tohis sister, Mrs. Nannie L. Sympson,in trust for the niece of the deceased,Miss Florence Sympson. Al Sympson qualified as administrator of theestate in the sum of $70,000 with A.H. Hampton and J. D. Simpson assuerties. -155 feA HORSE'S PETITION TO HISDRIVER.Up the hill whip me not,Down the hill hurry me not,In the stable forget me not,Of clean water stint me not,With sponge and brush neglect menot,Of softr dry bed deprive ne not,When sick or cold chill me not,With bit "or rein jerk me not,And, when angry strike me not.A firm that employe many delivery wagons has printed in large letter on the back of the driver's seatwhere he sees it each time he climbsinto the wagon the words: "Be goodto your horse." These words haveprobably saved each horse many ablow.- . 'j' ' i . i i iFor particulars, rates, folders, etc,, applyW.V.SHAW, Ticket AgentyMITH,Cashier.West 5 StreetSatisfactionWatchwordis OurWith all the latest improvements in laundryappliances and experthelpers we are preparedto do work inferior tonone, and solicit yourpatronage.833 CASES DECIDED BY STATEAPPELLATE COURT.Eight hundred and thirty-threecases were decided by the Court C"Appeals during the last term of coiVextending from September of 1:year to June of this year. Of tnumber 299 cases were decided &Ving the September term, 268 durigthe January term and 266 during tucApril term. There were advancedand decided by the court 138 cases,of which eighty-one were during theSeptember term, forty-seven duringthe January term and sixty duringthe April term. There are on handunder submission to be decided 407cases and in addition 150 cases havebeen filed for the September term.KENTUCKY TRACTION& TERMINAL COMPANYfInterurban Schedule.CARS LEAVE10: OS p. m.ParisforLexington6:45 a. m.7:30 'a. m.8:15 a. m.9:00 a. m9;45 a. m.11:15 a. m.12:45 p. m.2:15 p. in.3:45 p. m.4:30 p. m.5:15 p:m.6:05 p. m.6:50 p. m.S:15 y. m.11:00p. m.LexingtonforParis 6:00 a.7:20 a. au8:00 a.M.8:50 a. m.10:20 a '11:50 a1:20 p2:50 p r8:30 p'4:20 p '-&:w p.cot.vm.7:at p.:it p.- - .-:Anrcit&iEntranceon Fourth StreetV&-S.Vw- "w ' J?-- &".:urCUCtfcML c--"sri ?a-c--i- V.-ftlv ij--. .Mr. k .Jt M 'tt N-cHHi5E fvCHAmII?iV'MiTiT-Jis!!J iftITH"nhiLiHIr ItivMILLERSBURGMrs. J. P. Redmon is not sowell. Mrs. Bruce McMahan improvesslowly.Miss Lyle Hutchison, of Nepton, was the guest of Mr. and Mrs.It. M. Caldwell, last week.Mr. and Mrs. Ben Clarke, ofOakwood, are guests of their brother,Mr. J. S. Clarke, and family.Mrs. It. P. Hopper and little son,Richard, of Mayslick, are guests ofthe former's sister, Mrs. J. C. Leer.Miss Jessie Kerr, of Maysville,arrived Saturday as the guest of herfather, Mr. E. H. Kerr, and family.Mr. William Smedley, of Chicago, 111., arrived Saturday as theguest of his brother, Mr. AaronSmedley.The following attended the Baptist meeting at Georgetown Saturday: Mesdames A. F. Moffett, O. H.Collier, Misses Alberta Moffett, CarriePeed and Agnes Wadell.-The annual election for officersof the Farmers' Bank was held Saturday morning in the Directors'room. The bank was chartered July1st, 1900, and holds its annual election on June 30th, unless that daycomes on Sunday. The followingofficers were elected: W. D. Mclntyre, President; Sanford Allen,Cashier; Directors: G. S. Allen, O.M. Johnson, S. C. Carpenter, W. D.Mclntyre, A. C. Ball, R. L. Tarr, Sanford Allen; Bookkeepers: J. H.Burroughs, Harvey Rogers. Mr. Mclntyre as president succeeds the lateJ. G. Allen.The fourth annual Chautauquaof Millersburg opened Sunday morning in the big Chautanqua tent inthe park with a sermon by M. D.Adams, president of Georgetown College. Dr. Adams is a man who iswell known here, and most of ourpeople knew what to expect, andwere not disappointed. His addresswas full of food for thought, and aneffort equal to any Ave have had thissummer. The music was furnishedby the choirs of the variouschurches. The Chautauqua properopened at 3 p. m., Sunday. It wasa red letter day in Chautauqua lifein Millersburg.Long before the time people foundtheir way to the Park and by theParis Home SchoolWill OpenMonday, September 3, 1917Mrs. W- A. Harp, Director.Miss Carleton Brewer, A. B.,(University of Ky.) CollegePreparatory Department.Miss E. D. Giltner, Director ofMusic.Olympia SpringsHotel"The Home of Salt Sulphurs"Kentucky's most famous report. Under new management.Rates reasonable.MR. AND MRS. WM. HULSManagers.FOR SALE!SWEET POTATOPLANTSBest VarietiesPtr HundredNo, you are not too late!Now is the time to setthemout. Special reductions on largequantities.BusyBeeCashStore(jly29-2t)CorningAttractionsPARIS GRANOboe and Singing Duo this WeekSame Act as at Strand Theatre, Lexington Last Week.TuesdayMarie Dressier inI TFHIie Wakes Up'World Comedy Feature.Also fifth episode of"THE RAILROADRAIDERS"and "REEL LIFE"HoursV to-Alamo, 2 to 5:30; Paris Grand.1 0;30 Admission 5 and 1 0c.appointed hour the large tent witha seating-capacity of 700 was morethan full. The schedule of the afternoon was .furnished by a quartette, the Castle Square Entertainers,which made a good opening and putthe entire audience in a good frameof mind for the masterpiece that wasto follow. About 3:45 Hon. WilliamJennings Bryan took his place on theplatform, and was briefly introduced to the large audience by theplatform manager, Mr. Foster. Mr.Bryan was at his best, and aftertaking-a little time in explainingsome of the things necessary in thiswar launched into the subject of thehour, "What Constitutes a Man,"dwelling entirely upon man's threefold nature, laying special stress upon his spiritual nature. All whoheard him enjoyed his address andregreted exceedingly that he couldnot be with us in the evening. Inthe evening beginning at 7:30 wewere again entertained with theCastle Square Entertainers, whichwas followed by a brilliant lectureby Ernest J. Sias.m ?a fePFJJttTOTTS.I wa.On account of the Chautauquathere will be no prayer-meeting atthe Presbyterian manse to-morrownight.Mr. M. B. Lovel, of near Paris,united with the Paris Christianchurch by confession at the eveningservice Sunday.Ordination of the Rev. RichardWilkerson into the pr.iesthood of theProtestant Episcopal Church wascelebrated at the Church of the GoodShepherd, in Lexington, Saturdaymorning. The ceremony was performed by the Right Reverend LewisK. Burton, Bishop of this diocese, assisted by Rev. George H. Harris,rector of St. Peter's Church, in Paris,who acted as master of ceremonies.The ordination sermon was deliveredby the Rev. R. L. McCready, Deanof the Christ Church Cathedral, inLouisville, followed by the presentation of the candidate to the Bishopby Rev. Harris.ES ISB-4 PI REInsure withW.O.H1NTON &SON,AgtsWIND AND LIGHTNING WREAKWRECK AND RUIN,"Wreck and ruin followed in thewake of a storm of wind and lightning which passed over a portion Ofthe county last week.The high wind bfew down a largetobacco barn on the farm of Mr. Chas.LaRue, near Shawhan, involving aproperty loss estimated at about $2,000. A falling tree killed a cow belonging to Mr. Morton Mann, on thesame place. Trees were prostrated bythe force of the storm, and telephonepoles blown across pikes in the vicinity, rendering them impassable for atime. Lightning struck and killed avaluable horse belonging to Mr. Jo.B. Smith, of East Paris. A barn onthe farm of Mr. Jos. Farris, near Millersburg, was struck by a bolt oflightning and set on fire. The firewas extinguished before any considerable damage had been done.3 E3 PaFire, wind and lightninginsurance.Thomas, Woodford &BryanSa te feL. & N. AND WESTERN UNIONORDERED TO MAKE UP.In the interest of military necessities, Secretary of War Baker hasdemanded of the L. & N. railway andthe Western Union Telegraph Company that they settle their differences over the location of telegraphpoles along the railway right of wayOtherwise, he intimated, the telegraph line in question will be takenover and operated by the governct in such a way as to makeprivate interference impossible. Reports had reached the secretary thatrailway officials had ordered workmen to chop down poles encroaching' on the right of way..) fe .Right n5v would be a good timfor Villa to put his bandits to farming, just to show that they can raisesomething else besides whiskers.DD10WEDNESDAY.Lenb'fe Ulrich, in"Her Own People"Pallas feature4 of the usual Paramount quality. Homes' travels andBray's funny cartoons.THURSDAYRobert Harroh in Pine Arts comedy drama,"The Bad Boy"Popular Players in Triangle Corned,. "Telephone Bell." 'DEATHS.JEFFERSON.The funeral of Miss Amelia Jefferson, aged fifteen, who died Satur?day morning about ten o'clock, oforganic heart trouble at the home ofher parents, Mr. and Mrs. MildredJefferson, on Scott Avenue, was heldat 2:30 o'clock, Sunday afternoon atthe Methodist Church, with servicesconducted by the pastor, Rev. W. O.Sadler. The burial followed in theParis Cemetery.Miss Jefferson was a young womanwho was greatly esteemed by a largecircle of friends for her many gracesof character, and she was knownamong them as "Sunshine," becauseof her sunny and genial disposition.Besides her parents she is survived byone brother, Mr. James Jefferson, andone sister, Mrs. Oscar Gibbens.SOUSLEY.Mr. J. B. Sousley, aged sixty,mother of Messrs. Edgar and JamesT. Sousley, both of Paris, died ather home near Moorefield, in Nicholas County, at five o'clock Fridayafternoon, after a short illness.Mrs. Sousley was before her marriage Miss Drusie Darnaby, of Clintonville, this county. She is survived by her husband, Mr. James T.Sousley, two sons, Edgar and JamesD. Sousley, all of Paris, and fourbrothers, Messrs. Richard andThomas Darnaby, of Clintonville;James Darnaby, of Los Angeles, Cal.,and Daniel Darnaby, of Missouri.The funeral was held at the familyhome at 12:30 o'clock, Sunday, withservices conducted by Rev. Peyton H.Canary, assisted by Rev. W. E. Ellis,pastor of the Paris Christian church.The pall-bearers at the residencewere John B. Geary, Wallace Jones,Wjilliam Christman, Robert Mclntyre, Bruce Hopkins and Santon McCormick. The body was brought toParis after the services at the home,and buried in the Paris Cemetery at3:30 o'clock. The pall bearers at thecemetery were J. T. Estes, B. F.Stipp, D. D. Smith, P. S. Parrish, W,C. Stipp and John B. Geary.BUCKNER.Mrs. Clay Wornall Buckner,aged sixty-two, one . of the mostwidely-known women in BourbonCounty, died at the family home onthe Harrod's Creek pike, near Paris,at four o'clock, Friday morning, after a lingering illness due to a complication of diseases. Mrs. Bucknerwas a daughter of the late James R.and Anna Mtfore Wornall, of ClarkCounty, and w'as born in Clark County, January 12, 1S55 She was atone time the reigning' h6le in hercommunity, and throughout lier liferetained a wide popularity by her"charm of manner and graciousness".Mrs. Buckner is survived by hehusband, Mr. William T. Buckner,one daughter, Mrs. Clarence Kenney,two sons, Messrs. Thomas and JamesBuckner, all of this county, and onesister, Mrs. J. H. Croxton, of ClarkCounty.The funeral was held at the familyresidence on the Harrod's Creekpike, at 2:30 o'clock, Sunday afternoon. Services were conducted bythe Rev. William T. Cummlngs, pastor of the Winchester PresbyterianChurch, assisted by the Rev. John, J.Rice, pastor of the Paris PresbyterianChurch. The burial followed in thefamily lot in the Paris Cemetery.The honorary pall-bearers' were S.Brooks Clay, Walker Buckner, O. P.Clay, Thos. Henry Clay, Sr., Col. E.F. Clay, Wm. Woodford, Benj Woodford, Sr., Catesby Woodford, Sr. Thcsactive pall-bearers were AyletteBuckner," Woodford Buckner, LewisHampton, Catesby Wjoodford, Jr.,Samuel Clay, William Wornall, JohnWheeler and William Sphar.MATRIMONIAL, TGRAYSON LUCAS'.A marriage license was issued fromthe office of County, Clerk Peafoe'Paton to Mr. diaries Lucas, of Bourbon county, and Miss Luna Grayson,of Fleming county.53 1 l3The South is still coming,southern editor" gays theOnemanwho has nothing to" br'ag about buthis ancestors, like th6 turnip, thebest part of himself in the ground.What's the use of worrying. Themen who make light-weight underwear are in no worse shape than thepeople, who have their money inveiJte'd fh Palm Beach suits'.liteTHE FAIRsBARGAINS FOR PU)AY AND SATURDAY.We are making a sale on somespecials for Friday and Saturday tooomttii m quantities ior newsnanpradvertising.Two large tables full of them bothccvico ctie exira large size, allr Tl- t-Mj A--l. ! -!seasonable goods and away underpriced. Seeing is believing, so cometake a look.Alaska and North Pole Ice Creamb reezers, about 1 dozen sizes to cins1out at about one half of regularprices.rs. -PAEIS PASTORS PEEACH PATRL0T18K PERSONHTED.Patriotism was preaced at everychurch service held in Paris, Sunday.In accordance with the proclamationof President Woodrow Wilson askingthat the day be set aside as "Patriotic Sunday,'.' Paris ministers spoketo their congregations on the love ofcountry, and their opportunities forhelping the country in its time ofperil. At some of the churchesspecial music was rendered for theoccasion, in addition to the patrioticsermons by the pastors.p& p piiHINT FOR ilRST-AID-TO-INJUR-EDCLASSES.The lestest development in war surgery is the use of pure soap on bandages. This method is proving verysuccessful, and is one worthy remembering in household first aid. Theonly kind of soap used is the perfectly pure white variety. The bandage is dipped in a thick lather andsqueezed out. Then the damp cakeof soap is rubbed across its face before it is applied. It is said that thesoap has an excellent effect on thewound, and prevents the bandagefrom sticking "when it is removed.MflRGOLEN'SSPEGIALS THIS WEEKSpring LambBeef,PorkandVealAll Meats, Fruits and Vegetables kept in sanitary refrigerators counters andwindows free from dustand flies.MflRGOLEN'SSanitary Meat MarketS UBSf;2sHOESV.C 3 - -- . mei Great Barn;rm"H!f!i?nm rH'r &I6Eicnn in ine ocginning 01 cne season greaibargains in high grade footwear. If you needshoes now, or will need thefti in the future, noWis the time to buy. Visit our store, compare thequality and prices, and vot will surely appreciateMie wonderful bargains. -r, Lacfie White Kid or Rich Brown'Rus? Tan Boots ".-"Ladies' Gray and White Kid' a-"tioka PumpsLadies' vhite, Canv. Sea IslandBoot3 and' Piimps . ,., ...... .'."....i Ladies' Xanvs&5Strap rumps"'. at...; v., ..."Ladies' KjV Lace B66.s arid. Bumpswhich add grace'to ',your foot. , .Ladies' Pat. Dull KMBoots and PuKips at". . -Ladies' Pat. and'-Gun Metal' Shoesand Pumps at....- '.'.'.:....'Boys', Misses'-1 m -7.v'wv - " jGreatest Shoe store . Whef(, . . IIMPROVEDMccormickBINDERTHE GRAIN GROWERwill find the McCormick Improved Binder a machine that is simple in construction, easy to operateand that will fuccessfully harvest grain under everycondition, whether it be short or tall, even, tangledor full of undergrowth...NThe large number of McCormickBinders in use ail over the worldis a sure sign of satisfaction.On the Safe SideBuy a McCormick!. Ball Bingo.Cor. Fourth and Pleasant St.In Men's, Ladies',toys' and Girls'FootwearWe Bought Too HeavyUnseasonable weatherleaves us with an enormousstock of Summer Footwear.Prices Cut Deep ! f..?SZ-'j.fciiriHMpnwiMen''S Russian Tan English mJShoes'afti Oxfords, W-0...$4,00 ftp3.451.991.491.992.491.99Men's Plat. Salf Eng. and MediumToe Shoes arrd Oxfords, W.-O. . .Men's G. M.and airSKoes and Oxfords, Walk-Over And; Beacon...Men.s Gun Metal,and Lace, welts..Men's Tan and Gun Metal OioVdsat ,, 4 yMen's GunMetal High Shoes anfiOxfordsiand Children's Shoe and Slippers AtGreat -Bargain Prices.AIM AAuruMS IV :amsOXORDS.vn' .xttttbn" and$3.5a I3.49 I2.99 i2.49 ii r1.99 f5THI5. ftair-- rr'W;. ,.,, 9kwfcte--V i. .