S"!?r--,- . t,'-..i.-' A. "3 "m -tV4fal . i ., "n;- "Vy!Oli..PUBLISHED EVERY TUESDAYFRIDAY IN THE YEAR..- -VOLUME XXXVESPARIS, BOURBON COUNTY, KENTUCKY, "FRIDAY, AUGUST 31, 1917BOURBONNEWSfak inirANDrv,matTHIRD CALL UNDER DRAFTINGLAW."Fit ty-two young men, called -underthe provisions of the draftingact, in the third call of 180 men,were examined before the BourbonCounty Board of Exemption, in thecourt house Wednesday. Thesemade up the first men included inthe third call. The BoaTd certifiedto the District Board in Lexingtonthe following ten men who made noclaim for exemption: "Walter Thos.Record, Barnes Wilson, Albert Chas.Wachs, Thompson Parker, Rodney M.Weathers, John Jackson, John Adamsjtfucker, Victor M. Williams, LeeKerr and Ben Hillman.The following were dicharged asheing physically unfit for army service: Owen Turner Gibson, Alex.Hutsell, Emmett E. Mastin, AlexBeasley, Mack Miller Jones and JoeDan Fite.The remaining thirty-six claimedexemption on account of dependents.Of the sixty men who appeared"before the local Board for examination yesterday, ten made x no claimfor exemption and were certified tothe District Board, six were discharged as being physically unfit for service, and the remaining forty-fourclaimed exemption.The honor roll for yesterday is asfollows: Jos. Mitchell Keller, FrankTaylor, Reuben Lee Clinkenbeard,Roy B. Smart, Felix Hickman,Wheeler Kenney, Grant Crooks, ClydeDavid Burberry, Louis Rankin andOscar N. Johnson.The six who were discharged asbeing physically unfit were BenSchooler Houston, Martin LloydJones, T. Hough, Bert Columbia, GuySmith, Byron Mason Roberts.The second sixty of the. 180 menTiave been summoned to appear before the Board this morning, beginning at eight o'clock.The District Board, in session atLexington, which has begun Ihework of making out the list of mento certify back to the local boardsand to .be called by the boards forthe immediate summons to CampTaylor, is still confident that thefirst five per cent, quota can be gotten into the camp by September 5,or perhaps alittle bit sooner, if thelocal boards speed up their work.One copy of the certified list willle sent to the Adjutant-General, oneto, the local Board, one to ProvostMarshal General Crowder, and onewill be retained by the v DistrictBoard. Up to yesterday twelve localboards had not reported their five,-per cent, of the quota.The following is a" list of thoseexempted and refused exemption inthe second call:Exemptions Denied.130 Walter McPherson,Harmon St., Paris, Ky.168 A. J. Sons, 109 TenthSt., Paris, Ky.1511 Frank Scrietch, R. F.D. 2, Paris, Ky.1188 Ben Dick Johnson,Paris, Ky.4fa-r-Albert Patterson,Lylesville, Paris, Ky.562 Elsie Mitchell, Millersburg, Ky."(298)(300)(305)(306)3S6)(367)V Exempted From Service.' 273) 1360 Stanhope Wiedemann,"ki ; j ' Paris, Ky.; . (280) 1414 Ed. McCarthy, Shaw' han, Ky.i (283) 504 Jeff H. Smith, 321Eighth Street.; . (284) 1064 Oakley Slade, Auster-litz, Ky." 285) 1205 Marshall Edward -Revet, Paris, Ky.J" (228) 470 Charles Webster Harp.302 Eighth St., Pans.(291 1284 Arthur Morton McClain,Paris, R. F. D. 7.(293) 191 James Ayers, 221Brooks, St., Paris(297) 753 Henry Edward TucKer,Sharpsburg, Ky.(299) 858 Sam Clay Foster, Paris,R. F. D. 2.(301) 02-Robert Clinton Finnell,Hutchison, Ky., R. F. D.(307)(308)657 Ira Thomas Wagoner,Paris, Ky., R. F. D. 3.175 Garrett D. Stamper,Nineteenth St., Paris,Ky.278 Albert Cabbie Finney,Seventh and High Sts.,Paris Ky.(Continued on Page 2.(310)THE WOODFORD REUNIONEighty members of the Woodfordfamily, representing different branches of the family tree in Bourbon,Montgomery and Clark counties, helda reunion in the woodland of Mr.Thos. Henry Clay, Jr., on the Winchester pike last week.The children, grandchildren andgreat grandchildren of the late Mrand Mrs. John S. Woodford, pioneer-residents of Bourbon county,andxt j. i.nI.nUohinamong tne couniy s muau uu0iin,o. m6 , , , AM .o-and while-souled people, gathered at in Maysville, Wednesday, until 2ojthe reunion and enjoyed an old-lp. m., on account 'of . the enginefashioned time, which was spent jn' breaking down at Ewmg. An enginevarious ways. I was telegraphed for from Paris and,A bountiful dinner was served, I brought the .train in. There was a.- t.,..o, ort,inir rm.iarero -number of passengers aboardfU?i. -nnia rnvide. and the- iiemTled,wert-dia full justice lo3 the stxxl thimgs.wt .before them. ' jNEW OIL AND GAS COMPANY FORBOURBON. ,The old adage, "You have to go Governor Stanley made it veryaway from home to hear the news," plain Tuesday that he would notnearly always holds true. . It seems grant a pardon, and that there is noto be especially true, in the case of further hope of his granting a parrecent developments in the" Kentucky don to George Alexander, of Paris,oil fields, in which a coterie of .Bour- who is serving a term in the Frankbon county capitalists are 'interested, fort Reformatory for wrecking theTHE NEWS man met a Winchester banking house of George Alexanderbusiness mn in Paris, ' Tuesday & Co., in this city, several years ago.night, and in the course of the con- Representative Harry Meyers, ofversation, learned that the com- Covington, and Mr. Thomas Henrypany of Bourbon county- capitalists, Clay, Jr., of Paris, called upon Gov.who have large holdings of valuable Stanley, Tuesday, in regard to securterritory in Warren county, are mak- ing a pardon for Mr. Alexander. Theing extensive preparations to develop Governor was armed with the Executeir leases. The new organization tive Journal, containing a copy of theis to be known as theT Paris Oil and statement he gave out when the AlexGas Company, and will be composed ander pardon application was firstprincipally of Paris business men and presented to him early in his adminBourbon county farmers. - " ( jistration. The Governor frankly re-Articles of incorporation, placing , sented a report that had gained cir-the capital stock of the new organization at $20,000, are being-preparedand will be submitted- &rthe Secretary of State at Frankfort for ap-jproval and record in the next, .fewdays, under the laws of the State dfKentucky.The stockholders in the new coii-rcern are jonn t. uoinns, or JNortnMiddletown; Ford Brent, BismarkFrank, Buckner Woodford, of Paris;James Caldwell, of Bourbon county; jJ. E. Boardman, of Bourbon county;Thomas Henry Clay, Jr., of Bourboncounty, and Mr. Moss, of Calgary,Canada. The latter, in companywithAttorney Oscar T. Hinton, of. Paris,has recently returned from an officialinspection of the company's properties in the Warren county fields.They have some of the most favorable loking acreage in Warren county, their leased territory being located about eight miles from BowlingGreen, adjoiningcs proven territoryabounding in oil and gas. Just assoon as the articles of incorporationhave been filed and the machinerygotten on the ground they expect tobegin drilling. This compoany hasalso done considerable prospecting inthe territory around "North Middletown and Plum, extending into theMontgomery district, in which oilhas been found in small quantities. ,J3 K"THE WRIGHT" DANCE.Messrs. Jjio. M. Scuart and CharlesSpears are promotors of a dancewhich will be given in the MasonicTemple ballroom, in Paris, on nextMonday night, .Sept. 3.Because the music for the occasionwill be furnished by the famousWright's Saxaphone Oichestra, of Columbus, Ohio, this dance has beenchristened "the Wright dance."Barring a trifling difference in thespelling it will be the "right dance,"as the promotors have always beensuccessful in these affairs. The hourswill be from eight-thirty to three.Postcard invitations embracing a nobreak card feature have been mailedto society people in this and adjoining cities and counties, and a largecrowd is expected for Monday night.Every preparation is being madeto care for the large number of visitors who will be in Paris for theevent. "Kid's" will take care of thecouples at intermission, where a delightful supper will bes served.The following is a partial list ofthe young ladies from out-of-townwho are expected to attend thedance:Misses Arras Chiles, MarcellaChiles, Lucille Huls and Mattie JudyBotts, Mt. Sterling; Louise Terrill,Richmond; Tevis Young and MaryYoung, London; Louise Morrison,Charleston, W. Va.; Polly Mullins,Ruth Sewell, Bess Haggard, Elizabeth Miller, Winchester; RussellShipp, Martha McGinnis, Budge Julian, Genevieve Molloy, Ann Molloyand Margaret Burch, Lexington;Sarah Crooks, Angie Y. Jackson,Owinffsville; Alice Williams, JanefAdda'ms, Louise Wood and Ann Wal-ontt -RVfl-nkfort: Elizabeth Sommer-yin Birmingliam, Alabama.i ,.m PaJ. .CAMPBELL CANTRILLSPEAK IN LEXINGTON.TORepresentative J. Campbell Cantrill will leave Washington, Sunday,to deliver a Labor Day address onMonday a the picnic of the Bluegrass labor bodies at Bluegrass Park,near Lexington. Mr. Cantrill willthen return to Washington to resumehis duties in the House. Members ofthe Kentucky delegation who havetaken advantage of the vacationwhile the Senate was debating theRevenue Bill, have returned for theresumption of daily sessions in the"House.vm m mENGINE TROUBLE DELAYS TRAINLouisville & Nashville passengeri train No. 18. leaving Paris for Mays-Lr4iia Q 1 9 ft -T flail v. did not arriveswho had to remain in Ewing for sev-eral ho. 'The tMaysville at ,,2:05.train is due inNO PARDON TO BE GRANTED GEO.ALEXANDER.- -culation that he had promised to pardon Mr. Alexander.Mr. Alexander is said to be in verybad health and -spends much of histime in the prison hospital,, chieflyon account of a disability, which anoperation previous to his incarcera-tion had failed to entirely cure. Heis not yet eligible to parole.a a feCABINET MEETING.Mr. Dennis V. Snapp, president ofthe Kentucky Conference EpworthLeague of the Methodist church, ha?,called a meeting of the cabinet, composed of the officers and district secretaries of the League, to meet at thethe First Methodist church, in Lexington, to-morrow (Saturday) morning, at 9:30 o'clock. xThe Cabinet is composed of the following: Officers Dennis V; Snapp,Paris, president; Garland P. "Fisher,Millersburg, vice-president; FrankPowell, Richmond, secretary; ViolettpRenaker, Cynthiana, treasurer; Mrs.J. Elgin Poole, Jr., Millersburg,junior superintendent; Alline Garnett, Cynthiana, reporter; Frank Arnold, Wilmore, Epworth Era Agent,District Secretaries Covington, Violette Renaker, Cynthiana; Covington,(assistant), Elmer E. Fossett, Falmouth; Danville, Lula Arnold, Wilmore; Frankfort, Sara Power, Paris,Jackson, J. T. Hall, Jackson; Lexington, Lillian Boggs, Nicholasville;Maysville, Bettie Shaw, Carlisle;Shelbyville, Pearl Wingfield, Lagrange. The meeting has been called for thepurpose of considering and .passingupon subjects' of vital importance cothe Epworth League, especially the"big drive" for membership, vwhichis contemplated for fall 'work, the selection of the next meeting place andthe preparation of the programWE KNOW HOWSchooljC iVvV: Sz&'fiz&am .or vrvi-' 'WfS l i ' j (WWII il Bif SPI A 1 WrfI III itll I 'FtIII IFAll Wool Suits Prom$6.00 to $12.00Tans, Greys, Blue Serges and Fancy Mixtures. Stylishcut coats thakwill give that boy the manly appearancethat every mother wants her boy to have.Mitchell &2 Sttt$Otl Hits ManhattanPARIS ASSURED OF PLENTY OPGAS THIS WINTER.According to Capt. John Tonkin,president and general manager of theCentral Kentucky Natural Gas Company, which supplies Paris, therewill b'e no gasping of the gas jets thisyear as there were last in the midstof two severe cold spells, but whetherthe company will be able to supplyadditional gas for heating and cooking should coal shortage or highprices make a demand for this, willbe another question.Capt. Tonkin came to Lexington ona tour xof inspection this week, andto attend to some routine businessfor the company. He stated that theCompany has assurance from theWjest Virginia gas fields that therewill be no shortage of gas, and thateverything is in good shape for taking care of the normal demand ofthe company's "patrons. The company also has other gas fields whichcan be. opened up, but it is not probable that these will be opened up until in the near future.N 5l fe ISTHEASSESSMENT ANDASSESSOR.THEThose who have examined t theschedule to be used by the Assessorof Bourbon county this fall in conformity with the new tax law enacted at the last session of the Legislature are of the opinion that theassessment will be Increased somewhat over that of last year.While the work of the Assessor is almost double under theold law, the schedule used by theAssessor was of four pages, under thenew law he is required to use twoschedules, one of eight pages for tangible property, and one of four pagesfor intangible property. The Assessor has always needed the sym-Lpathy and co-operation of the taxpayer, and he needs it especiallynow, under the new burden to beimposed upon him by the new schedule and its many requirements.151 151 ISPALL HATS ARE READY.All new styles and colors fromStetson are here $4.50, $5 and ?6.J. W. DAVIS & CO.! ?a 1QMORE ENLISTMENTSFrank H. Johnson, of Paris; andOliver K. 'Barlow, of Carlisle, enlisted at the Lexington recruitingstation of the army service yesterday. Cyrus Lee Brown, of Humphrey, Ky., reenlisted in the navy atthe naval recruiting station asI Quartermaster.SuitsForBoysThe' time is here when youmust get your boy ready tobegin school,, and whether heis the little tot just startingout or the grown up boy,there is not a mother or father that does notwant their boy to look neatand appear well dressedamong his school mates. OurSuits for Boys are made rightand are tailored in such a waythat the hard wear that everyboy gives his clothes will notshow as soon as' other boys'suits which are not made sowell. We are showing suitswith (2) p'airs of trousers, allcolors, all sizes and very moderate in price, reinforcedseams sewed strong and substantial. IBlakemoreShirts ffettfeton ShotsUOTTED STATES EEEUSES POPE'SPEACE OPFEK.President Wilson has rejected thePope's peace proposal. In a notedispatched Tuesday night and madepublic in Washington, the Presidentsays that while every heart notblinded and hardened by the terriblewar, must be touched by the movingappeal to His Holiness, it would befolly to take the path of peace, hepoints out, if it does not lead to thegoal he proposes.To deal with such a power as thepresent rulers of Germany upon PopeBenedict's plan, declares the President, would involve a recuperation ofthe strength and rewenal of theworld domination of that power, nowbalked but not defeated after sweeping a continent with the blood of innocent women and children and thehelpless poor as well as of soldiers.Permanent "peace must be basedupon the faith of all the peoples andupon justice and fairness and thecommon rights of mankind, he adds,and "we cannot take the word of thepresent rulers of Germany as a guarantee of anything that is to endure,unless explicitly supported by such,conclusive evidence of the will andpurpose of the German people themselves as the other peoples of theworld would be justified in accepting." President Wilson's rejection of thePope's peace proposals is regarded asthe high water mark of the war.Furthermore, it is indicative of thevirtual selection of the President-bythe Allies as their spokesmen beforethe world.The note comes as a climax to theremarkable series of State documentsin which President Wilson has argued the cause of world democracyagainst autocracy in the high courtof public opinion, and accepted moreand more by the people of the alliedcountries as expressing their ideals.There appears to be no doubt thatthe United States was selected tomake answer before the world, in advance of all others. Whether the Entente nations will send extensive replies is not known. It is regardedthat they will in large measureadopt, the President's reasoning fortheir own and send notes of endorsement. m ?aDR. BARROW TO GO' TO WASHINGTON. Dr. David Barrow, of Lexington,expects to leave for Washington with-in the next few days, where he hopesto clear the way for the completionof the organization of Good Samaritan Base Hospital Unit No. 40. Thesurgeon general of the army has ordered Dr. Barrow to complete theorganization of the unit as rapidly aspossible, and everything has beendone except the enlistment of the 153men who will make up the hospitalcorps. The staff of physicians andsurgeons has been completed and mostof the members have received theircommissions, and the list of sixty-fivegraduate nurses is complete.Enlistment of men of draft age inthe medical reserve was discontinuedby the government some time ago,and until this prohibition is raised itwill be Impossible to enlist the 153men, although Dr. Barrow has a listof more than 250 who have signifiedtheir willingness to enlist wheneverthey are given an opportunity. DrBarrow will ask the war departmentto permit the enlistment of these menand will also attempt to obtain a ruling from Judge Advocate GeneralCrowder on the status of those whoapplied for enlistment in the corpswho have since been drafted into thenational army.?s Ta mWARRANTS ISSUED FOR JUNKDEALERS.- Warrants were issued yesterdaylor the arrest of Max Munich andMorris Stern, Paris junk dealers.Munich was charged with receivingjunk, hides, etc., without keeping arecord of the name and residence ofthe seller, and kind of goods purchased, as provided in an ordinancepassed by the City Council last February. Stern was charged with operating a junk yard in Paris withouta proper license.Some time ago nine beef hides werestolen from Baldwin Bros. It wassuspected they had been disposed ofin Paris. An investigation followed,resulting in recovering several ofthe hides in Lexington. Both Munichand Stern denied all knowledge ofthe location of the property.1 M J .CAMP'CLUB ORGANIZED BY Y. W.C. A. GIRLS.A camp club composed of the girlswho recently returned from CampDaniel Boone, was organized in Lex-ingtonvthis week. Mrs. L. Cooperwas elected president; Annie Lewis,vice-president; Ruth Purnell, secretary, and Marie Meier, treasurer.Plans were made for a camp reunion to be held soon. To this thegirls-from Paris.NRichmond and Mt.Sterling Ijave been invited. On-nextTuesday, Sept. 4, the club willgive acamD Dicture show at the Y. W. C. A.buildinr, Ghurch and Market streetsts,jin Lexington. ,FORMER PARISH BtWCOEBOUT OF $3,100.Mr. John. Mansfield, formar Parisian, a brother of Mrs.J. L. Barlow,of Pensacola, Fla., formerly of Partawas buncoed out of ? 3,800 la Cincinnati, a few days ago, by a smoothstranger, on a "sure-thing" rooai- .tion m fee way of a winning korse.The stranger approached. Maafielon Vine street and engaged him laconversation. He incidently laarneithat Mansfield was the owner ot400-acre farm near Georgetown.Then he began to get busy with hismooth proposition. He was th rejresentative of a new horse racehtting syndicate, and had been lookingfor Mansfield for moons and noons.just pining to Impart to him thVaecret of the game. TTo demonstrate how tlie "systwn"worked, the young man made a oetof$25,000 a few days ago on a nagwhose stage ' name was. Ting-a-liaf .This Ting-a-ling horse just showedthe field its tail, all the way, andromped home, winning for the syndicate $40,000.Then the syndicate man informedMansfield that another sure-enonfhwinner was "High Wave," and juatlike the story book, "High Ware"sailed away at the post And driftedunder the wire, winning $15,000 on a$5,000 bet.Arrangements were made for ameeting in a Cincinnati hotel. Mans-field and the. swindler made a tripto the former's home, where a goodtime was had, then they returned toCincinnati, where the rest of thetrap was baited. Five thousand dollars were needed. Mansfield was tofurnish $3,800, and the swindler$1,200. Mansfield donated his sharein check form, but theother memberof the firm said as how the "bookies"haven't much use for checks, and iwould Mr. Mansfield please get thecold, hard and elusive copecks. Hedid, and gave the roll to the swindler..An agreement was made betweenthe smooth swindler and Mr. Mansfield for a meeting at the SintonHotel, Wednesday. Mr. Mansfieldcarried out his part of the agreement,but the stranger han't shown up yet,according to last reports.IS )b mIT'S TRUE."Yes, we need the moneys You 'need furnishings for your home.Bring us the money and wewill show you how to make it bujrthe most in good furniturgj!Ugs,cur-tains and anything else for the home.THE J. T. HINTON CO. "mi m 'ORGAN RECITAL AT HORTH MD-DLETOWN.Miss Irene Carter, member of thefaculty of the College of Music, litCincinnati, and one of the most accomplished musicians in the South,will give an organ recital in theNorth Middletown Christian churchto-night, at 7:30, for the benefit ofthe North Middletown Christian,church choir.Miss Carter will be assisted by Mr.A. L. Boatright, director, of the Paris jChristian church choir. The program "embraces a rare selection o musicaLgems, instrumental and vocal, which .rendered by such artists as Miss Carter and Mr. Boatright, will lose noneof their original beauty and melodyin interpretation. The program follows: y1. Third Sonata, C Minor (Alle-gro, Maestoso, Adagio) byWarfea(a), Will O the Wisp, by . . .Gordon Nerin2.(b) In Summer, by . . . Stebbins -(c) Butterfly, by WachsMiss Irene Carter."It Is Enough," from ElijahMendelssohn. '"Judge Me O God" D. Buck.A. L. Boatright.(a) Canzonetta ScammelT(b) The Rosary. Ethelbert Nevin4.Toscata in G Minor. . . Dubois "Miss Irene Carter.(a) Caro nio ben (In Eng-i ""lish) Gioradaai(b) Gifts JL. J. Siler(c) She nested by the Brovken Brook . .g Coleridge-Taylor(d) Uncle Rome S. HomerA. L. Boatright.(a) Intermezzo ...... CallMrt-(b) Caprice in G. Minor.' ..Crakei(c) To a Wild Rose McDewelRhapsody .-. SilverMiss Irene Carter..7.8.ATTENTION, TJ. X X. 01 1.There will be a " s ial caifedmeeting of A. J. -LoYeiyCemf yUniform Rank, Knifbie. of Pytfciaa,at their Castle Hall, corner fc Thirdand Main streets,, at 7: SO o'clockWednesday evening, - Deft ember f.Business of great lwinQnn jfull attendance of theurged.W. W, DUDLEY,SHELLS AND GUIS ARMEfc;Smokeless Sheila, S5 eeats ur 1All kinds of shotgums jqgi rftfttk.FARMERS SUPPLYvCHPCFAIir.(It)fr'3j-j. Vr"o .-rtt-t ..Jwyv-:ir -'94 , Jv: i&A' S T J.' -:r--ii;I-.&:--i-r----i!v-;r--ifh--::-rXI&-.-mOBtTke Bourbon News-'tt-JtafrYtefT--BKSWX- s ViMight Every Tuesday and Friday.. ., Year... $2.00 Six Months.,.. 51.00Payable in Advance.-t i.niri vr.-mrf cuuur ana uwncii' "unrT- .iaan trjii.. i r. ....:- Any erroneous reflection upon thejtk&racter, standing or reputation otxf person, firm, or corporation -whichsay appear in the columns of THEfceiJRBON NEWS will be gladly corrected if brought to attention of theeditor.ADVERTISING RATES. Display Advertisements, $1.00 perinch for first time; 50 cents per inchiWch subsequent insertion.Reading Notices, 10 cents per line-' ech issue; reading notices in blacktype, 20 cents per line, each issue.V Cards of thanks, calls on candl"T dates, obituaries and resolutions, andJ-;4 aimilar matter, 10 cents per line.' Special rates for large advertise-V ments and yearly contracts.--,-. e right of publisher is reservedf. 'to decline any advertisement or-other-; emtter for publication.j5" Announcements for political offices?must invariably be accompanied by,-tbe cash..THE DEMOCRATIC TICKET.For State Senator George Hon, ofClark CountyFor Representative C M. Thomas,of Bourbon County.For Sheriff Will G. McClintock.For County Clerk Poarce Paton.For County Judge George Batterton. For County Attorney David D.Cline.For County Superintendent of SchoolsJ. B. Caywood.For Jailer Thomas Taul.For Assessor Walter Clark.For Coroner Rudolph Davis, Paris.For Maqistrate L- J- Fretwell, ParisPrecinct; John N. Shropshire,Centerville Precinct; E. P. Thom-F- asson, Millersburg Precinct; Jno.-13. Wiggins, Hutchison Precinct;It. O. Turner, Ruddles Mills Pre-,-cinct; John S. Talbott, North Mid--dletownPrecinct; S. R. Burrls, Iiittle Rock Precinct; Lee Stephenson, Clintonville Precinct.fFor Mayor E- B. January.For Chief 'of Police W. Fred Link.For Councilmen First Ward John"Merringer, John Christman andThos. ICiser; Second Ward S. K.Nichols, J. J. Veatch and JohnArkle; Third Ward Geo. Doyle.,--" EDITORIAL MUSINGS..----TStand By Your Town.No town can be permanentlypros-perous in which the citizens andtradesmen dependent on each other,do not patronize each other. The'merchant wants a harness, for in-stance, -and although his neighbor is.-a good harness maker, and tradeswith him, he imagines he can avefifty cents by sending to another cityor State for his harness. The har-nessmaker in turns, sends away for.his groceries, boots and shoes and"clothing. The shoemaker sendsaway for his coat, and the tailor- sneds away for his boots, and so it" goes.; As a result, the farmers coming in" -to trade, see all the tradesmen sending to other places for goods, be-cause, they say, they can save money- fby doing so, and come .to the con-- elusion they, too, can do better elsewhere; and then everybody is growling about hard times and no busi' ,'ness. No wonder, the business men-.themselves turn the tide of trade-elsewhere, for if they can supplythemselves to better advantage by de.. ;;priving their neighbor of their trade,' '"others learn to try the same experiment. It is a dangerous one to inaugurate. Ten dollars is lost whereJone is saved, because the entire business of the place is dwarfed and:iampered thereby.The fact is, but little is ever madein going away to trade, and oftener,counting all expenses, there is a loss.Show us a town in which the peoplemake it a rule to not send away for'anything they can get at home, andwe will show you a town in whichbusiness is lively, and everybodyfbusy, and trade is centered fromabroad. Prices are low and the-' tradesmen patronize each other, hav-lag ho suspicion that confidence- "will be abused. Let it once be un-vderstood that the business men of anyn iiowh jare in the habit of sending-abrd for purchases, and the busi-will languish. Having no con-Sehce in each other, how can theywepect others to have confidence inMKwn? No that's not xne wayto?Si iHiiW up a town. Patronize eacn..f---' softer; nd keep all your business atJfcome.V3; A tragic Event. -VS It TO8 a town girl-and the sameZlu gtory that, alas, has often beeng. - told, jarid checkered many a young life""; 7 jwjilch had its beginning in sunshine,t Airrndea by luxury and the wealth-arWrf-wnrid. Her eyes, were now4.aLstaring, heriaf. was flushedSBftttt hex liaads. wile nerrooalr wait?ing. JSJ a deeply InaAledattdihjur4 wopan, aaA wft jfcaWlier aay-iagfphi-wueione youavikjurdthe veryfourifation! otj: vof beingDay by day ypu Thiaye tortured me,and yet I could not bear togive youup. When we "first met, how yourease and polish attracted me! Whenyou became my own, how my friendsenvied me. But your understandingis too small for my large soul. Youare opposed to my advancing myself.You have injured my standing insociety. If we had never met 1 mighthave walked in peace. So now begone! We part forever!' There qyasa moment's convulsive breathing, agritting of teeth and a sharp sigh.ft was all over. By a supreme effortshe had pulled, off her new shoes, andquiet again reigned supreme on Walker avenue.Married a Johnny.Many a young woman who deservesa good man for a life companion, hasjumped in at a tender age and married a Johnny, and gone through lifeembarrassed the rest of her days.Johnny is all right as an ice creamboy and as a slot machine with whichto get chewing gum and .bon bons,but when it comes to measuring upin after years with, the men who dothings, and whose wives make upthe budget of satisfied ones, he isdown and out before the race starts.Girls, if you must marry, and youmust, if you would-be happy, be sureand marry a man, or at least what isgoing to be a man.HUH! WHO'D EAT THIS BREAD?By a device of male economists,mainly hotel and restaurant managers, uneaten crusts of bread, accumulated to the proportions of abutter-tub full, are to be soaked upin water, inflated with yeast and rereincarnated as "war-bread."The war bread sounds neither appetizing nor wholesome. It presentsa nauseating picture to the mindand it suggests uncleanly possibilities. The gentlemen wlio inventedthis utilization of the cut-off crustsof toast, it is said, are terriblypleased with it. They are generouslyoffering the idea to housewives. Butit is not likely to take well, and thatfor three good reasons. Reason number one is that every housekeeperwould begin in war time by not cutting off her bread crusts for toastand sandwiches. Reason;number twois that she already knows thirty-sixways to utilize bread crusts, any oneof which is more attractive than thiswar bread. And reason number threeis that if she were so foolish as tolet a butter-tub full of crusts accumulate to a moldy mass, might herright hand forget its cunning and her jbrffad-box be carried off by the rats.The Woman Citizen.fe saEARLY REGULATION OF MEATINDUSTRY IS SEEN.Early regulation of the meat industry was predicted following thedeparture . of Herbert Hoover, thefood administrator, for Chicago toconfer with the meat packers andwith Federal Trade Commission representatives who are investigatingpacking methods.Government supervision of meatpacking and distribution concerns,with the institution of a licensingsystem, it is said, -may be the nextmove of the food administrationafter it has completed plans for thecontrol of the wheat industry.The Tra4e Commission has had itsinvestigators in Chicago for someweeks, and it was said is aboutready to make a report on its findings. ?Q IS isaPOSTAL SERVICE EXEMPTIONS. Certificates of exemption from military duty must not be filed for anyrural carrier, city letter carrier, anysubstitute, or for postofflce, clerks receiving salaries less than $1,100 infirst-class offices and $1,000 in second-classoffices. Such, certificatesmay be filed for supervisory officialsin postoffices, mechanics and postoffice clerks receiving in excess ofthe above" amounts only when theycan not be replaced by other personswithout substantial material loss ofefficiency in the effective vand adequate transmission of the mails.Railway mail clerks will not becertified for exemption except schemeclerks in division headquarters, chiefclerks and assistant chief clerks,Railway Mail Service, after approvalby the department.The department will file affidavitsfor postofflce inspectors, but'' not forany postmasters. However, postmasters of the first, second and thirdiclasses are exempted under the law.A. S. BURLESON,Postmaster General.ASK ANYONE WHO HAS USED IT.There are families who always aimto keep a bottle of Chamberlain'sColic and Diarrhoea Remedy in thehouse for use In case it is needed, andfind that it is not only a good investment but saves them no end- of suffering. As to its reliability, ask anyone who has used it.(aug-adv)Quite a paradox is noticed in therevenue biirin Congress. It is plainthat in the excess -profits clausethere would be decidedly more profitsI fe Vexces:Sbe vexcesiwere, eliminated, j:twentymimon strong.!, . & j$JfrKQCm - Winchester, Kyy,Xfc?i"4fiBXJ&i;- - M"- J -J-SiiT-l"'SVTK?lM)ok tor:tYJAO-U?tdatte&'s autfr- r-mMrHriir mf """ ten! ?sJg& L. '':days; -beginning 'Wednesday, Septem-;ber 12, and ending Saturday Septem?ber 22, was issued Saturday'and-iWsbristling with .assurance of thrillingcontests over the historic race course.The program was" written by JudgeWilliam H. Shelley a master in theart of building conditions that attract good fields and produce keenest competition, and it is as good asthe best of the splendid work he hasdone during his long and" honorableconnection with trie local associationin the capacity of racing-secretary.During the ten days there will.beseventy races seven for each dayand the only stake event will be theBreeders' Futurity, for two-year-oldsat about three-quarters of amile. This race, with ten starters,will be worth $11,195. It is .likelythat it will have more than ten starters. ,Each starter will pay $150. Thisrace is to be decided on the closingday of the meeting.The other sixty-nine races will average $600 each added money, making a total, including the Breeders'Futurity, of approximately $52,600to be distributed to horsemen duringthe ten days. There are to be elevenovernight handicaps," one of whichwill be for two-year-olds at five andone-half furlongs. The other tenwill be for three-year-olds and upward. IS 1 151KENTUCKY DRAFT MEN TOREADY SEPTEMBER 6.BEKentucky will have her men readyby September 6, for the call to activeservice in the new national army,General J. Tandy Ellis said recently.General Ellis said that except in theinstances of a few counties, wherethe exemption machinery was working slowly,v that the men were beingenrolled in splendid fashion. .General Ellis' office has been filledwith exemption and draft work sincethe registration began, and a clericalforce of twenty-five is now busy withcertifications and other work.The men drafted will all be-orderedto -report to the district boards, andwill be sent from them direct to thecantonment site, General Ellis says.The Adjutant General believes thatthere will be no delay in. getting thefirst number of men in camp by thespecified date.IS 1E1 IS .j'SHORT SKIRTS; HALE COATS;HALE HOSE OH, WOMAN!My, ain't this war awful? And usladies must suffer, so!It was announced at the FashionArt League in Chicago, Tuesday, thatin addition to gowns with only onesleeve, women this fallt and winterwould wear half hose. What, withshorter, narrower skirts, half portioncoats and now the short socks, mflady's Imees will be cold this winter.The adoption of half hose can -betraced back to the enthusiastic welcome given the Canadian Kilties intheir recent tour of American cities.Their bare knees and gorgeous halfhose made a decided hit.Fashion leaders, however, deny thisis the reason. They say silk mustbe conserved, hence half hose. . Thedictators did not attempt to squaretheir conservation plan with advicefrom the. Federal. Government urging the free use of silk in order toconserve the wool supply.Another development of the daywas the announcement that ladies' B.V. D.'s would be shy the customarylace and ribbons, but the designershasten to say they will be more attractive for the reason they will bermade of bright colors.ISIS ISMEXICO CITY HAS 102 BASE BALLTEAMS:That amateur sport is flourishingin the Mexican capital is shown bythe fact that there are 102 organizedamateur baseball nines in the cityand its suburbs and over fifty soccrefootball teams. The season for all variety of sport in Mexico lasts twelveI months a year, as the climate permitsplay at all times. Even during therainy season the mornings are almostalways clear and sunshiny and thenature of the soil and the high dryatmosphere makes delay on accountof wet grounds almost unknown.No regular league series are playedby the baseball clubs but shortseries between three or more selectedteams are arranged from month tomonth The games usually are played Sunday morning or on feast daysand holidays and as a .general thingno admission is charged.Many of the larger athletic clubsand colleges and professional schoolshave three or four teanis each, thefirst teams drafting players from thelesser teams as they aTe developed.A GOOD STOVE POLISH.Save the soot from soft-coat stovepipes. Not the ashes, Tmt the sootthat gathers in the pipes. Take ateaspoonful of sugar, dissolve in alittle hot water, then add enoughvinegar to fill a coffee cup; fill aquart can with the soot and stir intoit the vinegar and sugar, making itstiff enough for a polishing paste.Use as any other polish ivhen stoveis either warm or cold; it wiirmakea fine polish and will not burn. off,besides being very 'inexpensive.We-are coming, Kaiser William,p? film TTftwn A 1B ii" "i'twnwun, a, ii iji i mi' in"' ' ijm fi . t Jk 'CkntimiutilM..' ...i.;-it?V.-- MSt-iWHWa4tia DotBpn4?i?iw,feKyR? m-- D. 7.524 George E. -Baker, Millersburg, Ky.911- Tom Redd, Winchester,Ky., R. F. D. 1.212 H'.' Meade Hamilton,225, Mt. Airy, Paris.1357 Milford Williams, Paris. Ky.49 Benton R. Cooper, Win(312)(313)(320)(321)(322)chester Street, Paris.(324) 1160-Shelby Taylor White,' Hutchison, Ky., R. F.D. 1.1192 Cum Lyons, Paris.305 Barney McHargue,High Street, Paris, Ky.1143 Gilbert Martin, Hutchison, Ky.1433 Lewellen Wilson, Cynthiana, Ky., R. F. D. 9.622 Ora John Hamm, Millersburg: Ky.1077 Beve Wilson, Auster-litz, Jy.1035 Kit Harden, Paris, Ky.R. F. D. 1.-958 Houston Greggs, Paris.1401 Henry Lemons, Paris,Ky., R. F. D. 5.1303 Bert Wilson, Paris,Ky:,R. F. D. 7.1059 Jesse Wallace Smith,Hutchison, Ky.,R.F.D. 1.441 Clarence Ayers,'HighStreet, Paris, Ky.880 i-Thomas Josiah Jones,North Middletown, Ky.357 Samuel Dale, MarshallStreet, Paris, Ky.23 Ollie Roe, East Main,Paris, Ky.1173 Scott Doyle, Paris, Ky.331 H. G. Waller, HighStreet, Paris, Ky.565 Herbert Mattox, Millersburg, Ky.539 Herman C. Eubank,Millersburg, Ky.102 Oscar Earl Locknane,1125 Pleasant Street,Paris, Ky.875 Allen Jackson, Paris,Ky., R. F. D. 2.1024 Dillard H. Fitzpatrick,Escondida, Ky.1291 Clarence Wm. Rose,C325)(326)(327)(3293(330)(334)(337)(338)K343)(344)(348)1,(349)(350)(351)(352(353)(354)(3581(365)(370)(372)(376)(377)Cynthiana, Ky., R. F.D. 7.(380) 1043 Sam D. Lykins, Paris,Ky., R. F. D. 1.(381) 71 Joe Gaines, Jr.,Clif-ton. Paris, Ky.(383) 1156 Wm. L. White, Muir,Ky., R. F. D. 1.(384) 1393 Grover Harney,thiana, Ky., R. FCynD. 9.(389) .1391 Harvey Hubbard.Paris,Ky., RrF. D. 5.(395) 713 Charlie Everman Hash,North Middletown, Ky.(397) 935 Carlton MayhowellWells, Paris, R. F. D. 2.(400) 450 Logan F. Barbee, Virginia Avenue, Paris.(403) 1472 Watt Gifford, Paris,-Ky., R. F. D. 7.(405) 1004 Adam Bbtkins, Paris,Ky., R. F. D. 1. -(406) 1521 Crummell Kiser, Paris,Ky., R. F. D. 6.(408) 1034 Ernest Hutsell, Paris,Ky., R. F. D. 1.(409) 808 Jas. Thomas Rankin," ' Paris, Ky., R. F. D. 2.(414) 121 8 rSam Whalen,Taris, Ky.(417) 1232 John Norman Christopher, Paris, R. F. D. 6.(418) 1254 William Hisel, Paris,Ky., R. F. D. 7.169 Morris Stern, 19 Brent,Paris, Ky.436 Estill Willis, 618 Marshal, Paris, Ky.862 Clark Fitzpatrick, Paris, Ky., R. F. D.-1.(-419)(420(427)Paris Home SchoolWill OpenMonday, September 3, 19 1"Mrs. W- A. Harp, Director.Miss E. D. Giltner, Director ofJMusic.Found.In East Paris yesterday a packingcase containing six dozen No.. 1lamp chimneys. Owner can have sameby proving 'property and . payingchaises. Box is now at 290 Mainstreet.LOST.On the streets of Paris between theresidence of Miss Anna Lyle, on Second street, and Misses Holladay'sstore, on Main street, a ladies' blueserge coat. Finder will rewarded byreturning same to Misses Holladay'sor at this office. (28-tf)Lost, Strayed or StolenFroni a stable in East Paris, Sunday morning, a four-year-bid baymare with two white hind feet, andstar in forehead. Suitable rewardior her recovery or for informationleading to her recovery.JOS. BODKINS,Route Zf Paris, Ky.Scrap Iron Wanted.1 anv .paying fifty cents per hundred,(or all' kinds of scrap iron. Not lewthan 1,000 pounds. This material canbe weighed at any city scales. This Ito he relivered to the cars on the LoirIsville & Nashville tracks, opposltthe freight depot.Call us over the Cumberland 'phon- MAX JCUNICH,XigVJi.Strsjit, EaritrKi.fp:Pii,i4.i:-'-:; WTEeWTHKENTUCKY STATE FAIRLouisville, September 10-15, 1917Supreme in HorseChampionship--$10,000.00--"$50,000.00-- of AmericaPremium!Ten Big Acts "HIPPODROME Bnd of FortyGREATEST AGGREGATION OF INDOOR ATTRACTIONS EVER OFFEREDBEAUTIFUL BABY-SHOW PARADEMIDWAY OF MIRTH, MUSIC AND MOVING MASSESReduced Railroad Rates.CtUUfiw -now ready.Are YouProsperous ?Are you riding' on a prosperity wave? I you are, layaside some of your pro fits now.Deposit your surplus cash inbank.There have been thousands' of new bank accounts opened inthe vast six months.Are you one of the new depositors?t-See us todaybanking. -We'll be only tobjglad to explain our methods.y.Farmers'P. -KISER, PresidentWM. GRIMES,Sixth and Main StreetsBourbon LaundryDWIS & FUNK, Props.Telephone No. 4.Bourbon Laundry.Paris Kentucky.Paris FacultyOffLexington CollegePer Nielsen, Norwegian Baritone.- Edward Weiss, Concert Pianist.Bruce Reynolds, Concert Violinist..Ethel Love Fisher, Reader, Pianist.Harry Edward Mueller, Organist. -Pall Term begins September tenth. For information addressor phone MISS ANNA CHANDLER GOFFWrite for catalogue. Lexington, Ky. Phone 68Gx,Big Sheep Sale!I will sell 400 head of good mountain sheep at M. J. Murphy&Co.'s-stockpens in Paris, on -Saturday, Sept. 1, 1917at2:00 g. m. These sheep are good ones, in good condition.it- zz . w. -. -. --..--. .v. - " .. . , - - vr -k-- .-. -c .- AMNUAL -,Shw HistoryFirGa!t4Saddle HersePremiiaiAidresa FOUNT T. KREMER. Secretary.. CM Reaaslic Baildinr. LeaUTille.&Jabout your& Traders' BankW. W. MITCHELL, Cashier.Bookkeeper.Paris, Kentucky:West 5 Street:mSattoacfion is OnrWatchwordWith all the latest improvements in laundryappliances and experthelpers we are preparedto do work, inferior tonone, and solicit yourpatronage.Iof MusiccC.T.FAULKNERIEI7 -i i-""r'-t - '--. ! -v- -iA' .-v.--,- - , -----; -- "v , f -Si. - -. : i-r-vr- SV -7m:-:u. fckL.iT".. - --. 3Sii.- aflEw'V JI . C .'Vr-- 'ZS'.. " -iK'??sLL .nr.--.'' --ifi-'- n - . "Tr-Sfc' z - t ?-.. ---0 i - ... - ; " - - i T. - -v i - ,. . . , ... - -; - . -- -j -s-v '? - uc-v-.'vv - if r x- " -, .--j -. i l,s tj' w '-- m r. -imr w. .-...'- .-. .:.-- -- .J- " -.,rr"r---.-f? "3Bi'.?&?'-?'- -. :&&&' jSE - frt-.-"j-iv "r,. - -jr . i -w r .-- -w,- , - y vj .- jr.- , -- -- - . -vt t. ' .ri -.r . . s-si' j-- Trii' . -atf-r-r --., , - 'v ji- izv. v .. - '-.-r 'r-. ,r ': . -v- jKia. - -.j.-rv' jc-- . - ...t - r '.. - s -jt-- .Bjf - . .' - -z - ...evw???lW89Wiat?5WkTtBPVH? Cfcfii- C." S--TiU,.c- . r-vs-?fTV.a;VrM57t- i' V-; .-V m; --i . - - i. - tt ' ..'iBMHHHaBnaHHHiHBaBiHHBHHHMiHHMBmMHiMiHBiaHMiB:I .-S"5"V- - '"Beginning Saturday, September 1 wfjm ofer ?uj: entire stk: - : or Home rurmshings at a bigsaving to the people of Paris and Bourbon County. Bourbon County has never had the opportunity of having .a September Sale of Home Furnishings before.Buy at Wheeler'sBIGSeptember SaleWe have complete lines of Fall Goods to offeryou at a big saving. This sale includes our heating stoves that are being put on our floor now.We want to help you and you help us to makethis the biggest and best sale that the City and County has ever had. Remember this sale will include our entire stock. September 1st 30 days.30 --DAYS --30Will Be Bargain DaysAt Wheeler'!Brass and Iron Bedsr$4.50 Iro Beds..$10.00 Iron Beds.$22.00 Iron Beds-,$30.00 Brass Beds.$28.00 Brass Beds. 3.507.751 6,7524,00- 1 8,25September SaleSeptember Sale Child's CribsaTTirn tfTwiipiw I ,? H j, I I it'll tilt,BillStart the cold nights withthe children tucked in.$14.00 Beds...... $10.75$12.00 Beds 8.25$10.00 Beds 6,75Library TablesOak and Mahogany Tablesmany to pick from..September Salp.,. ..$6.75 up to $28.00Dining Tables September Sale' ft pltfit W5-ft. square Table, $8.00 - - :-, n $5.756-ft. square Table, $9.50 V ; -now..: $6.758-f t. square Table, $12.00now .r .$8.25Many styles to pick from at a bis saving.Solid Cast Ranges, Heating Stoves, Gas Ranges and Heaters!JUST RECEIVED, A SOLID CAR OFJV AyJ ICASTRANGESMany Styles to Pick FromWhy not start to saving nowbuying a Range or Cook Stove tosave the high cost of coal, as theold stove will waste so much thiswinter?'A Solid Cast Range like cut, thatmust be sold for $55.00, but during our September Sale we willoffer it at$? jXFcXJ42.00Nicely, njcej trimmed, sits on al6ifdVcastbase.f ;JEet us help youand you help us make this ourBiggest September Sale !4 SwKf IHeating StovestGET THEHOTBLASTHeaterThis one like cut will easily heat three,rooms with much less fuel than you canheat one grate. This stove is nicely nickeled and will make any home feel proudof it.A $22.00 Stove For$17.50During Our September Sale !Many other heaters to pick from.Carpets, Rugs, MattingsKitchen CabinetsJv "...A work saver for the housewife. Why not have one?$16.00, now $11.25 ,We also have the Hbosier CaEhinet at $23.75. See them.i - -i i-ia: 1 "i urw--BanaLinoleums at a Big Saving!Rugs in Many StylesBRIGHT PATTERNS9x12 Axminster Rugs, $40.00now -$33.009x12 Axminster Rugs, $4200nOW 5 v vrvr9x12 Axminster Rugs, $4509x12 Axminster Rugs, I55JO0 1now 43.009xl2Seamless Brussels Rugi .$30.00, now $4.009x12 Brussels Rugs $ 1 7BONEW:' ICEBERGSEPTEMBER SAIEA few New Iceberg Refrigerators left and we do not wantto carry them over. At a BIGSAVING.$45.00Porcelain RefrigeratorsNOW$32.00Others Cheaper.Iflpiiiitfiiiiiivlr -,., .I'll I n .lil-'3fgffS-Milk1m? n'iiarwEnftr fl iV IVCrlWlll IP 'r::jZrTTT U 'Mm ImSnwmmm' fc- -- 1The three-door Refrigeratorthe kind that we can guarantee.White enameled.$30,00 NOW.GO$28.00 NOW.OONJjjJJI -"i -.t-$20September Sale.DavenportsMany patterns to pick from,OUR STOCKIS COMPLETEDLet lis show you why wecan help yon save moneyIon a-O ' rt-i -r. o rtl rTyou need."'? ?"T--1 ;Bed Room andPining Room Furititure and thairs at a BigllroiPurH Qrir September Safec . m , mM dM h . . mAmmmm m mmmm mwm? 1 fi; : . " 3a PAYS Z:;m EPTlMWaf- SAIr?y PAYS u ;a,,.,.-,f- m,vI Ki i--- -- N $fe-i -v-- t- -tdi-' , -:ESSSkJA' -0 r - -X JftJttfS F0U3.THE BOURBON NEWS, PARIS, KV-?FKmAY,"AUGUT 31, 111-- sN"i:yUThe Bourbon NewsQ 4.ttaHibd 118136 Years of -Con-tinlonsPublication.Butllhd Every Tuesday and Friday.Fr Yr... 12.00 Si? Months... $1.00Payable in Advance.-MWIFT CHAMP, Editor and Owner.(Hatered at the Paris, Kentucky,Postoffice as Mail Matter ol theSecond Class.)BOTffifeON FARMING CONDITIONSRecent Tains have started new life4n the growing crops, and as a result the corn and tobacco, which hadbeen literally burning up, are nowon the road to recovery. The rainshave given the farmers renewedTiopes for the largest crops in theirhistory. ,The cutting of tobacco before theproper time in order to save it hasT)een stopped by the rains, and thecorn has been almost tangoing forjoy in its deluge of life-giving'moist-ure.Hemp cutting began in this countylast week, and is well under way.The crop is good, both as to qualityand quantity, being slightly abovethe average except in spots wherethe growth had been retarded. Thelargest growers of hemp in the county are Spears & Taylor, Brent &Burke and John Woodford, all ofwliom have good crops. It is hardto predict what the price will be,as the government may fix a certainnrice, as it has done on other commodities. "All kinds of garden produce islooking very well, and the local market is well supplied with vegetablesand small fruits.GOOD EOADS AND BAD- STREETSThere was a time not so long agowhen the only smooth roadwayswere to be found on the streets ofcities and towns in some parts ofthe country, while to-day there aremany districts where the good roadways are in the country and thestreets have wretched pavements.It is an interesting fact to observein such districts that along with thegood roads go good looking farms,while with the poor streets go dustystores and scraggy lawns.It is not true, of course, that roadhuilding has progressed faster technically than s'treet paving. Both havedeveloped greatly of late. But thecountryman has shown his realization of the value of good roads morethan the townsmen has shown theappreciation of smooth and cleanpavements. The countryman isdragging his dirt roads and in someplaces is oiling them, and is voting.bond and taxes for expesive types ofconstruction, which he is convincedwill enable him to save money wherethe travel is heavy, while the townsman is content to bump over holesand let every wandering breeze fillhis aouse and store with dust. Is itdifficult to decide which of the twois the more progressive?PLAYED DOUBLE-HEADER.Judge E. B. January played adouhle-header in Police court yesterday when he fined B. D. Caswelland Mrs. Alice Caswell, both of Weststreet. The husband was fined $7.50on a charge of drunkenness and disorderly conduct, while the wife wasassessed a fine of $15 for breach ofthe peace, in forcibly "lapping herhubblv on the head while he was-wrestling with his "package."TSpecialCut Prices!To close out oureitire stock of(UnawareGlasswareandeware, - --y-iIhttjBeeCaibStoreGntfiitRELIGIOUS.Rev. W. K. Yoadley, of Louisville, will preach to the congregation of the Paris Baptist church atboth morning and evening servicesSunday.St. Peter's Episcopal church, Rev.Geo. H. Harris, rector. Sunday school9:30 a. m. Holy Commounion andsermon 10:45 a. m. A cordial invitation is extended to everyone.Rev. J. J. Rice hasreturned fromhis vacation trip to points in theEast and will preach to 'the congregation of the Paris Presbyterianchurch at the court house Sundaymorning and evening.Rev. Ernest T. Mangum, pastorof the Spears Mill Baptist church,has returned from a vacation visit tohis old home, and will occupy hispulpit at the Spears Mill church Sunday morning at 11:00 o'clock, andSunday evening at 8:00 o'clock. Sunday school at 10:00 a. m. The public is cordially invited to attend theseservices."Rev. Frank W. Eberhardt, former pastor of the Paris Baptistchurch, has accepted the call to thepastorate of the Baptist church atGeorgetown, which he has had underconsideration some weeks. Dr. Eberhardt has been in charge of the Danville church for several years. Dr.Eberhardt will succeed Rev. A. BDawes, who resigned as pastor of theGeorgetown church. The call uponDr. Eberhardt was a unanimous one.Dr. Eberhardt telephoned Mr. Tx.Hayes Nunnelley at Georgetown, thathe would take full charge of thechurch on Oct. 1. He will deliverthe address at the opening of Georgetown College on Sept. 16.The Endeavor Society of theChristian church will meet in thechurch parlors at 6:30 Sunday evening. The subject 'will be "My Favorite Hymns; Tell Why." Leader,Miss Hazel Arnold.The choir of the Paris Christianchurch will give its first Sundayevening sacred concert in the churchat 7:30 Sunday evening." A goodprogram has been arranged for theoccasion.m m mOIL, WATERAND AUTOSMIX.WON'TJust as oil and water won't mix.according to science, so it is with oiland autos. Prof. R. H. Ellett andProf. E. M. Costello, started out Winchester street Wednesday at noon,and all went well until the autothey were in struck the oil whichhad been recently spread on thestreet. The machine skidded, turned over and threw the occupants out.Prof. Ellett and Costello weroshaken up and slightly cruised andthe machine slightly damaged.At the same place a few hoursprevious the big motor truck fromthe Xalapa Farm skidded on the oil,ran into a telephone pole, tore offa fire alarm box, took a wheel fromthe truck-, and caused the tower bellon the fire department headquartersto strike, all at one and the sametime.Considerable difficulty has beenexperienced by autoists and drivers ofvehicles in negotiating the steep in,clinesn streets where the oil hasbeen spread.IS -IPSTIRST DRILL OF THE MILITARYCLASS.The first drill of the class in military training to be conducted inParis by Miss Alice Rogers Clay willbe held this afternoon at 4:30 o'clockon the lot in' the rear of the Christian church. This will not be a business meeting but will be the firststep in the development of thetraining in military tactics.Miss Clay urges all young womenwho are. interested in the class to attend' this drill. Many who have expressed a desire to take the traininghave not been reached by telephone,and these are urged to come this aftenroon to witness jor take part inthe drill.As tfiis is to be the first drill ofthe class it is important that all bepresent at the time and place statedabove.TTATT, AND AIN SWEEP COUNTYA heavy storm of hail and rain.visited some portions of this countyWednesday night, but, so far as canbe learned, left no trail of disasterin its wake. The storm began witha heavy downpour o rain late inthe afternoon, which at night developed into hail, with an electricalaccompaniment.In the county the storm was severe in the vicinity of Escodida,where corn and tobacco suffered themost. The hail was so mixed withrain that the damage it might havedone was reduced to a minimum.Id the city the electric lights wereout, as usual when a cloud appearsin the vicinity of the sub-station.Patrons of the Grand Opera Houseand the Alamo Theatre had a waitof about three-quarters of an hourbefore "the juice" came on, and theperformances on the screen weremade popple ,- .--" '' - r- ;-There are people who resolve tob ".happy nd-;take'a,chance on lwln'rDom't,thlmk fctttUM a irllovgytMTtrom tfc bottom f hr fceartttoat ttiN fen't plenty or roop at. theKNIGHTSOF. PYTHIASMOBILIZED.TO BEAll members of the Knights ofPythias order are to be mobilized intothe army of the Blue, Yellow andRed, the purpose of which is to communicate personally with each of'the750,000 .members. This is to be done'in connection with the work of thewar relief commission, in the raisingof the $500,000 fund which has beenpledged by the Supreme officers.Letters have been sent out to allmembers of the order, urging them tocontribute to the fund in order thattheir fellow members who are on thefiring line may be well cared for. TheWar Relief Commission asks that allcontributions be sent to the keeperof records and seals otthe local order,who will turn them over to the supreme master of exchequer.The letter says that the Knights ofPythias was the first f-raternal organization to take steps to raise awar relief fund and for this reasonall members should do all in theirpower to aid in-making it a success.PsfeSPEEDERS ARRESTED.The. Winchester Daily Sun saysregarding recent violations of thespeed laws in Winchester:"Following the dance in this cityWednesday night the police department waged a successful war onspeeders. Among those arrested oncharge of running their machines atan excessive rate of speed wereMessrs. Felix Renick, Willis Van-Meter, Haggard and E. Eubanksf, ofthis county, and Preston White, ofBourbon.They were released on their ownrecognizance to appear later for trialin the- Winchester police court."S TSBIG SEPTEMBER- SALEBeginning, Saturday, September 1,we will offer our large stock of furniture, carpets, cook stoves and heaters at a big saving to you. One carload of heaters and cook stoves hasjust arrived for our one big sale.This is the first September sale thatthe people of Paris and Bourboncounty have ever had a chance to buyat a big saving, and by you helpingus we"are going to give the biggestbargains, and make this our biggestsale." A. F. WHEELER & CO.,Chas. Green, Manager.Opposite Court House,Paris, Kentucky. (31-2t)m 1 1 .B-4 FIREInsure withW.O.HINTON &SON,Agts1 iLIGHTNING DAMAGES BARN.Lightning struck a large barn onthe farm of Fount Hayden, nearFrankfort, about 5:30 Tuesday afternoon, seriously shocking RussellFeatherstone, a farm hand, and destroying the barn with its contents,valued at about $3,000. Mr. Haydencarried $1,000 insurance.Included in the loss were threemules, two ponies, 30 tons of hay, apony buggy and cart, a two-horsewagon, manure spreader and otherfarming implements.Seeing the storm coming up, Featherstone and George Rudder hurled tothe barn with their mules and hadjust got inside when the bolt came.Both men were knocked down, butRudder was not seriously hurt.fe la feFire, Wind and LightningInsurance.Thomas, Woodford & Bryan.te Hi HhMORGANSMEN TOOLYMPIA.MEET ATThe John Morgan Command of theConfederate Veterans will meet inannual reunion at OJympian Springs,this year, beginning Sept. 5, andcontinues three days. Arrangementsare being made to take care of 200members and their wives. Severalmembers of the old command fromBourbon county will attend the meeting. "b fe Hi 1PARIS CHAPTER FURNISHES I. 0.0. P. ROOM.Paris Rebekah Lodge No. 7, thewoman's auxiliary of the local I. Q.O. F. lodge, has furnished a room in'the Indigent Odd Fellows', TheirWives and Rebekahs' Home at Eminence. The work ccst the sum of$120, which was raised by voluntarydonations from the members of thelocal Rebekah Lodge at each meeting.The room will be named in honor ofthe Paris Rebekah Lodge.m mSTATE ELECTION COMMISSIONTO MEET TO-DAY.The State Election Commissionwill meet in Lebanon to-day to select county election officers. Theplace of meeting was changed -fromFrankfort to Lebanon by Commissioner R. W. Keenon. on account ofthe illness of Thomas Jackson, theRepublican member.SAME HERE!Editor Jas "MAllen., in theJ'Pertand Pertinent"' column In ,hismostexcellentpaper,the Cynthiana Demo-crt,,syp: ,- . m L'Th flag on the Harrl6ii countycourt house ought to be naif-aold."The iuh could applyto the flag onthVcity Hall in Paris only a litUemore. 'It' friMld, frasiled; frayedan "worn threadbare. ' -' -REAL ESTATE DEALS.Mr. James Cummins, of-near Paris,has purchased of Mr. Forrest Letton,thirty-five acres of land, located onthe Hume & Bedford pike, facingthe Lexington pike in the rear, at dprice saia iu xiavo u a. ?per acreThe ground is a part of thefarm known as the Judge Mannplace, which was sold to Mr. Lettona few months ago by Mr. William H.Hall. About eighty acres" of theoriginal farm are retained by Mr.Letton. The place which Mr. Cummings purchased and on which he resides, contains the improvements.Mr. E. D. Veatch, of the Transylvania Printing Co., of Lexington, hassold his handsome modern two-storydwelling at 356 Woo dlawn avenue, inLexington, to Miss Margaret- Terry,of Paris. Miss Terry will move toLexington about Sept. 1, and will occupy the property with her sister,Miss Lila Terry, who has been a resident of Lexington for severalmonths: Miss Terry will make frequent visits to Paris, where she hasconsiderable property interests.-Mr. Frank P. Kiser, of Paris, purchased this week through the realestate firm of Harris & Speakes, ofParis, the farm of Wm. S. Hall, located near Kiserton, and containingabout ninety-six acres. The pricepaid was not given out for publication. Mr. Kiser will be given possession on March 1, 1918.BASE BALL.The Paris Eagles defeated the Centerville team in a game at the LeaguePark, in Paris, Sunday, by a score of5 to 2.Chauffeur Wanted.Good place for a good man. Reference as to character and ability required. Call at BOURBON NEWSoffice. (31-3t)Public Sale!OF-Valuable Bourbon CountyFarm, Containing 147.27Acres.The undersigned will, onSaturday, Sept. 15, 1917,at 11 o'clock a. m., at the CourtHouse door, in Paris, Kentucky, offerfor sale a very desirable tract of landsituated about 4 miles irom theCity of Paris, on the Ruddles Millspike, containing 146.27 acres.This land "is in a good state of cultivation, and has upon it a tenanthouse and plenty of stock water.Said tract of land is the dower ofthe undersigned Emma S. Fisher inth.e lands of the late W. H. Fisher,and the remainder interest in saidland owned by the Banking Commissioner in charge of George Alexander& Company, State Bank, in liquidation, for the benefit of the creditors ofsaid bank. Both interests will besold, and the purchaser will be givena fee simple title to said land.Possession will be given the 1st ofMarch, 1918, but the purchaser willbe given seeding privilege during thefall of 1917.TERMS One-third cash; balancein equal installments of one and twoyears, with, interest at the rate" of6; and to secure same a lien will beretained upon the land sold.For further information call uponthe undersigned, or Jno. J. Williams.EMMA S. FISHER,GEO. G. SPEER,Bankings Commissioner of the Commonwealth' of Kentucky.By Buckner Woodford, Special Deputy Banking Commissioner.M. F. Kenney, Auctioneer.(Aug. 31-Sept. 7-14.)SMARGOLIN'SSPECIALSFor This WeekBeefPorkVeal&tLamb:s-A-.W-TrwmamSanitary Meat Market' ACCEPTED AS INTERPRETERMiss Frances Boyd, of Cynthiana,a frequent visitor in Paris, wher5she is well known, has volunteeredand has been accepted by the WarDepartment for service as official in-uernretfir f ho TT H a,, ctoff ,-.. ,,, -... . JFrance.Miss Boydis an accom-plishedlinguist.DON'T WORRYABOUT TAXES!We will-pay all taxes assessedagainst your money if on depositin tnis bank September 1st, 1917.Wc 'Cordially Invite YourAccount.Peoples Deposit Bank& Trust Co.PARIS,;ComingAttractionsFRIDAYWm. De'dman intiTeddyO'Harra"a Triangle K. B. production. Popular Players in a Triangle Comedy,'Her Finishing Touch'Pearl White in tenthepisode of "Pearl of theArmy."PARIS GRANDHours-Alamo, 2to 5:30; Paris Grand,7 Co 10:30, Admission 5and 10c.The Name Tells a True StorySuperiorOoubleRun Positive ForceGrain Feeds.Sow all known seeds, both large and small.Adjustable Disc Wind ShieldsTake up wear. Prevent tiash from catching betweendisc and wheel.Both right and left ground wheels drive all the feeds.Conductor Tube Tops permit connection of grass seedspouts -so grass seed can be sown in rows..Reducing Pletes for alfalfa, millet, flax; etc:Angle Steel Frame reinforced with I-Beam Steel Bed Rail.Hoppers of Large Carrying Capacity.Oscillating Drag Bar Heads(Single Disc only) give greatest clearance of tragh.Disk Wheel and Sliding PinionFor change of quantity.Folding Safety Levers.Take up least room in storingrTwo-Part Axle HangersNoTnercessary to strip axle in case of accidental breakage.cBALLNTOw. FMrth mI PUotStj. .NOTICE.yOwing to the high price of feed,labor and other expenses necessaryin conducting a dairy business, theundersigned will increase the priceof milk to 7 cents per pint and 12cenlte per quart, effective Sept. 11917.WOODLAWN DAIRY,(30-2t) R .F. Collier, Prop.KENTUCKY . J3CeQQSCQtANilfiiSATURDAY.Black Mantillo,""TheGold SealALAMOdrama""Roped Into Scandal"L. K. O. comedy in two parts,"Chumps and Chances, Bfg V. comedy, Alamo afternoon and Grandevening.Sir George Alexander, and HildaMoore in "The Second Mrs. Tanqueray," Vitagraph Blue Ribhon feature at Alamo in the evening.MONDAY.Williams andKathlyn,Roberts inThodore'The Cost of Hatred"Lasky production on Paramount program. Also Paramount Picturgraph.and a Klever Ko(medy.FeaturesGrainOARAGI?' M. -X:i-o-Nt"T!7V?:V-hi --C:'t,C? - j-t- .f -- ' -4 '3t-rf&rKr"vFRIDAY, AUGUST 31, 1917- -1 iTHE BOURBON NEWS PARIS, KY.PAGEw&m.1-. j1yMr.r0- - --r-- V r.FOR THE BESTNOTHING ELSESCHOOL OPENING.Mrs. Sutherland's school will openSeptember .3. Number of pupils limited. Your patronage solicited.(14-tf)1 IS 1S3GIRLS' HONOR GUARD.. Important business meetings of the.Girls' Honor Guard were held at thtcourt house this week, on Mondayand yesterday mornings. The publicity agents of the Guard are enjoying a vacation, so we are unableto give a more extended account ofthe proceedings."pa Ea EaBIG STOCK SHIPMENTS.The hustling live stock firm ofCaywood & McClintock, of Paris, hasso far the present season, purchased and shipped to the Eastern markets over 16,000 head of lambs. LastSaturday they shipped to Jersey City1,000 head of xlambs that .averaged13.50 per hundred pounds.S3 S ISMADE-TO-MEASURE SHIRTSIf you find it hard to get shirts tofit you perfectly, try our customshirt line. We guarantee satisfaction and fit. Fall samples ready.J. W. DAVIS & CO.TTHINGS TO WORRY ABOUT.American soldiers have introducedtheir English and Canadian comrades-in-armsto the great Americangame of craps. As usual, the beginners won, and London seems to becaptivated with the game. Now, hereis-an added inducement for the Paris,Ky., soldiers to get in the field atonce. Some experts here!S fe 1QSURELY IKE JUDGE!The members of Bourbon Lodge No.26, I. O. O. P, of Paris, have for thetwenty-fifth consecutive year, selected Judge E. B. January as one oftheir representatives to attend themeeting of the Grand Lodge, whichwill be held this year at Middlesboro,in October.. i ! 5fi lS fA -CERTAINLY.Of course you like to save money.JDo so by taking advantage of ourspecial offers and reductions that weare making now. WJe can save ,youjmoney on anything you need for yourhome.THE J. T. HINTON CO.is Bsi 5lDELEGATES TO GRAND LODGE.The following delegates were selected at a recent meeting to represent Bourbon Lodge No. 26, I. O. O.F at the meeting of -the GrandLodge, at Middlesboro, in October:W. A. Lail, W. S. Chisholm, M. B.Lovell, A. T. Wright, E. B. January,F. M. Faries, Sam Ewalt, H. S. Shy,Geo. M. Rose, John H. Doty and L.M. Vanhook.vi is Hi ISFAMILY REUNION.. Mr. andMrs. Richard Biddle andMisses Lona and Grace McCord, ofBourbon county, attended the annualreunion of the mith family, whicnwas held at the home of Mr. andMrs.O. D. Biddle, near Georgetown, Sunday. Nearly all the members werepresent, except a few on each sidewho were detained at home on account of sickness. A bountiful dinner was served.AKfeTAKES GOVERNMENT POSITION.' Miss Florence Fee, daughter of Mr.a nr.!. A T fno nt "Pa-He wlin ta- !cently returned from a visit to relatives in Washington, D. C, was notified a few days ago of her appointment as stenographer in the War Department at Washington. Miss Feeimmediately left for the NationalCapital, where she assumed her duties. Miss Fee is an expert in herline and will make a most excellentaddition to the Government's clericalforce. She is a graduate of the ParisHigh School.miiDO YOU KNOW?We are offering a few 9x12 axminster rugs for $25 cash? Where canyou find a duplicate for this price forthe same quality of goods? Lots ofother things at just as good value.See us to save money.THE J. T. HINTON CO.ENORMOUS SAVING ON RANGESAT FARMERS SUPPLY CO.. a sfiK.oo cast range nowfor.S47.50, guaranteed for 20 years.FARMERS SUPPLY COMPANY.(It)miASSIGKED TO ARMY SERVICE INTWJ&UrJLJl.The Twelfth U. S. Infantry will bethe cae of. Mrl Finnell Galloway'saetiYittee while in training for a commfcsiom at JW. Benj. 'Harrison, nearIndiamapoHi, Ind. NMr. Gaikwy wasjumtil recentlyconctW i a.cloalioajty ,Wthe Pxtt and "Brtk otParte, H tiiltoUd imrth amy ?vt m Wtflatttftor tor tfee: train-vw, wa -I- . T.. A...insW k WU1 wuwSOCIAL AND PERSONAL.; Comings and Goings of OurPeople Here, There andElsewhere.Miss Mattie Baldwin is at homefrom a visit to relatives in Chicago.Mr. and Mrs. Wm. P. Wornalland family have returned from Olympian Springs.Mr. Shirley Cromwell, of Texas,is a guest of his sister, Mrs. SusanMeglone, on High street.Miss Mabel Schnapp, of Ferguson street, has as guest Miss PansyDean, of Louisville.Mrs. Gertrude Smoot has returned from a visit to relatives at FernLeaf, in Mason county.Miss Katherine Enright, of Richmond, is visiting friends and relatives in Paris and Lexington.Mrs. Ruth Morgan Gordon, ofNashville, Tenn., arrived' yesterdayfor a visit to Miss Belle Horton, nearParis.Mrs. Chas. P. Mann and Miss InaMattox are at home from a visit toMr. and Mrs. Howard B. Carr, atHarlan, Ky.Mrs. Thos. Helm Clay, of Eighthstreet, is visiting her daughter, Mrs.Robt. M. Hopkins, and family, inCovington.Mrs. Bettie Mcllvain and sister,Miss Julia Edwards, have takenrooms with the Misses Jaynes, onHigh street.Magistrate Ernest Martin is athome from a visit to his sister, Mrs.Russell Dyche, and Mr. Dyche, inLondon, Ky.Mr., Frank Lenihan, who is suffering from an attack of rheumatism,is at St. Joseph's Hospital, in Lexington, under treatment.Mr. and Mrs. Henry L. Terrillhave returned from a visit to Mr. andMrs. Edward Sanders, and Mrs. Wm.Bagby, in Covington.Mr. and Mrs. Nicholas Winn andfamily, of Winchester, were recentguests of Mr. and Mrs' James McClure, on Tine street.Mr. and Mrs. R. H. Wills haveleased the cottage of Mr. and Mrs. A.Stern, on High street, and will occupy it some time next week.Mrs. William Shire is visitingher parents, in New York, in the absence of Mr. Shire, who is with aparty of campers at Georgian Bay.Mrs. Russell Burns and MissMary Burns, guests of Mr. and Mrs.Fay Ardery, on Houston avenue,haev returned to their home in Russellville. Mrs. Howard B. Carr and little-son, Charles P. Carr, of Harlan, areguests at the home of Mrs. Carr'sparents, Mr. and Mrs. Chas. P. Mann,on High street.Mrs. Harry Chambers has returned to her home in Louisville, aftera visit to her father, Judge HarryBrent, and her bro.ther, Mr. HughBrent, in this city.Mr. and Mrs. Custis Talbott haveas guests at (heir home on Houstonavenue, Mrs. Earl Smith and sons, ofSt. Joseph, Mo., and Mrs. MaggieClark, of Lexington.Mr. Henry Clay, a transplantedBourbonite, came in from his farmnear Taylorsville, Spencer county,this week to see if Bourbon countypeople were prospering.Mrs. Percy Reid, of Richmond,was a guest several days this weekof her mother, Mrs. Mary A. Paton,and her brother, Mr. Pearce Paton,and family, on Mt. Airy avenue.Dr. and Mrs. R. H. Miller andchildren, and Mr. and Mrs. OssaStanley, who have been guests at thehome of Rev. Dr. B. F. Orr, on Cypress street, have returned to -theirhomes in Bardstown.Miss Frances Hancock, who underwent an operation for adenoids atthe Massie Memorial Hospital, Monday was removed Wednesday to thehome of her parents, Mr. and Mrs.Harry H. Hancock, on Main street.Paul Kelley and Paul O'Connell,of the Louisville & Nashville officeforce, are in the East on a threeweeks' vacation trip. They will visitAtlantic City, New York, Philadelphia, Niagara and points in Canadabefore" their return.Mr. C. Ei Nippert, of St. Petersburg, Florida, and Mrs. Percy Henry,of Louisville, were guests this weekof their brother, Mr. Phil Nippert.They were en route home from Cincinnati, where they attended thefuneral of Mr. George W. Nippert.The Paris party which has beenin camp at Georgian Bay for severaldav. SDlit up on their homeward trip.Mr. Dan W. Peed and Frank Clay re-1turning home, Mr. Wm. R. Blakemore to Chicago, Mr. Wjm. Shire toNew York, and Mr. Wm. H. Harristo Chicago, for a short visit beforereturning to Lexington.Miss Carolyn Roseberry entertained at cards Wednesday afternoon at her home near Paris, inhonor of Mrs. Durand Whipple, ofLittle Rock, Ark., who is spendingthe summer in Paris, guest of herparents, Mr. and Mrs. E. M. Dickson.Mr. Horace Fox, of Big Stonefinn Vn... formerly of Paris, washere Wednesday, en route to Flemingsburg, to attend the funeral andburial of his aunt, Mrs." Mary Goddard, who died at her home near Mt.Carmel, in Fleming county, Tuesday. Misses Jane Addams and AliceWilliams, Mrs. Williams and Mr. JayKing, of Frankfort, and DouglasClay, of Paris, will leave in aboutten days for a cruise in Mr. King'snew yacht, which has just beencompleted. They expect to be goneabout three weeks. The party will,start from Frankfort and cruise inthe Kentucky and Ohio rivers.Mrs. Charles Wilmotn, or aris,and sister, Mrs. John M. Barnes, ofMt. Sterling, are visiting their mother, Mrs. .Charles .A. Barnett, and Mr.Barnett, near Taylorsville, in Spencer county. They made the trip toTaylbrsyille from Mt. Sterling in anantomobite, and were accompanied byMrsJ. T. .Martin, of ris., . ,' --Mrs. W. R. Scott left Wednesdayfor. .Louisville, where v8hKwill.j?eaidem h future. She and her -son, Mr.Huxh Scott, will make iheir bTom4with kec-parents, Mr, and Mrs.Haiei:Amk Mm Scott recently sold herher Paris and Bourbon county friendsat the New York Store, in Louisville.-Mrs. Earl Ferguson and children, of Georgetown, are guests ofMr. and Mrs. J. Stuart Roberts, nearParis. "Rev. and Mrs. William Sweeney,of Evansville, Indiana, are guests ofMrs. John S. Sweeney, on Higginsavenue.Mrs. Smith, of Kansas City, Mo.,and Mrs'. Clark, of Lexington, wererecent guests of Mr. -and Mrs. BestSkillman.Mr. and Mrs. John T. Woodford, of Mt. Sterling, . attended thereunion xf the Woodford familyheld near Paris recently.Mr. George Beatty, who hasbeen in bad health for some time, hasgone to Emporia, Kansas, to spendthe winter with his sister.-Dr. and Mrs. L. N. Todd havereturned to their home at Berry, after a visit to Dr. and Mrs. L. R.Henry, at North Middletown.Winchester Democrat: "MissesLaura Tomlinson and Lucy Hart, ofWinchester, and Maude ElizabethEcton, of Paris, are guests of Mr. andMrs. Robert L. Bratton, at theirhome in the county."Mr. George Glenn, of the A. J.Winters Co., who recently underwent an operation for appendicitisat the Massie Memorial Hospital, inParis, will be removed to his homenear Paris to-morrow to recuperate.Mr. and Mrs. Joseph Allen, ofMilwaukee, Wis., will arrive to-morrowfor a visit to his uncle, Mr. H.Clay Allen, and family, near Paris.Mrs. Thomas Bonar, of 'nearParis, has as guests Mr. and Mrs.Geo. T. Gorham and daughter, MissMargaret, of McKeesport, Pennsylvania. Mr. and Mrs. Thos. Smith andson, Byron, Mrs. George Jacoby,Misses Virginia and Myra Jacoby andMr. Houston Jacoby have returnedfrom a vacation spent at Crab Orchard Springs.Mr. Fred Merrimee, of Paris, whohas been riding at the Eastern andCanadian race courses, was a visitorin Paris, Wednesday. Mr. Merrimeewas en route to Lexington to visithis mother. He will ride at theLexington races this fall.The Lexington Leader says:"Courtland Leer, capitalist, promotorand all-round live wire, of Paris, wasin the city Tuesday for a short stay.Mr. Leer lias been rusticating downon, the farm during the summer andis "bronzed as completely as if he hadbeen at Fort Benjamin Harrisontaking the officers' training course."Miss Carolyn Roseberry entertained about one hundred guestsWednesday afternoon with a cardparty at the home of her father, Mr.John Roseberry, on the Cane Ridgepike, near Paris, in honor of Mrs.Durand Whipple, of Little Rock,Ark. The guests were from Paris,Bourbon county, Lexington, Winchester, Flemingsburg and othernearby cities.Cynthiana Democrat: "Mis3Maria Cummins, of Paris, has beenguest ot relatives ana otner menushere this week .... Messrs. J. HalWJoodford, Walter Clark and R. H.Wills were among tnose nere iromParis this week Mr. W. J. Eck-lar, with the firm of Ffisbie Furniture Co., spent his vacation withhis wife and little daughter, Florence, with friends and relatives inParis and Lexington .... Miss Perkins, of Lexington, Mrs. HarryMitchell and Miss Nell Mitchell, orParis, have returned ;to their homesafter a visit to Miss Mayme Coffee,in this city Mr. and Mrs. Thos. C.Whaley, of Paris, were among theguests present at a dining given byMr. and Mrs. Case Martin and Mrs.J. C. Martin, at their home near thiscity, Sunday."TAKE AVKODAK!Snapshots of various summersports will add immensely to thefunfishing, swimming, etc.But be sure its a KODAK-"If it Isn't an Eastmanit isn't a Kodak"Kodaks . $5.00 upBrownie Cameras...... $1-00 upAlso a Full LineSporting GoodsofSwimming Suits. . . .75c to $5.00Water Wings. ...... .... . ... ,35cBathing; Gapj3..35c,. . .;- -0-z"iIF YOU ARE IN NEED OF ACOAT OR SKIRTDon't Delay in Buying it, as We are Some ExceptionalGood Values in Our Ready-to-Wear Department.iv.X&.--A. 'V?-VHARRY SIMON!TOUR DESIREIs to Buy the Best Possible Goods ForThe Least Money PossibleWe offerare wishingwinter.Vi ?i4;We Are Offering"Big Special InducementsWe will your close attention thisan example:A Few 9x12 Axminsterv.tWe do not thinkprice.MOtOg HEARSPv.Ladies' and Misses' Silk and Wool Skirts,$6.50 and $7.50 Values at$4.98Ladies' and Misses' Silk and Wool Skirts,$10.00, $12.50 and $15.00 Values at$7.50Ladies' and Misses' Plain and Fancy PlaidCoats, $7.50 and $10.00 Values at$4.98We have a beautiful line of Silk and WoolSweaters and also receiving FallSuits and Millinery daily.One Price To All-you this opportunity NOW, when youto freshen up your home for theTo Cash Buyer$25.00GASHyou will find these elsewhere at thiOnly a few. So come early.MOTOR INVALID COACH.'ti.,.--s-VAJ.rtone item asRugs"Sv !.UNQGKTAKWG-?!1'"J(.&e-uiaeaM Jmnm en Mala etreet, i5arte. tfn. tt will be dad to seeia Urn wmmsem Corp. "Z njfffr--'ifrKSilfclfcir-f'-- t-.'.t&2-i. vv -.:v4;iv -3TBIDAT,;AUGWf jl, lllfeT7-py''- "c. fc-'S,u. w, v :JF J. jn- -" kt - -fc - . - - rt- l -, --...- -- V - -''JTt- , -. Z-V- V . &-" . ' . .-"-dffVs ril'r-rj57Z-S. ZT 'XT j.--T.-. - ..- ? -5 "-.' ."5v-z;-" .-' VS!s.'i--ST' - ;r - -- iu Jjvunuviv ru . t'a.vY,'wi " - '--- w-x. - A 'f- r - s- ' '" . 7 x rBgg , r . , ,11jri,. . - - - -. r. . .1MilllllllllllllllUEUIIIllUIEIIIglIlllIIIIIUIBIIE&& Most Beautiful Car inbnerica$5; $ci..i-- -More Motor Car ValueAt Less Actual CostThis is the day of big values in motor cars. Never be-fore in the history of the industry have you been ableto buy, per dollar, so much comfort, so much utility,so much real motoring value.- ypfe make this statement in the face of sensational ad'vvances"in the cost of labor and materials. Thosemotor car makers -who have followed the scientific,progressive manufacturing methods that have madethe industry remarkable have not been forced to advance the price of their cars anywhere near the pro-"portionate increase in the cost of materials.We believe that ISO other industry has achieved as agroup of successful motor car manufacturers amongthem the Paige have achieved in constantly in-creasing quality and constantly keeping down the cost.Today you can buy more motoring value for $1600 thanyou could for $3500 five years ago. -Then your purchase price did not include a self-starter, a"windshield, a top, headlights, tire carrier, etc. Nowyou find all these things, as well as innumberable others,making for luxury and comfort, on your car when itleaves the factory. The purchasing power of the dollarin this field has increased to an extraordinary degree.1 As for 'the relation of price to -value the Paige-DetroitMotor Car Company has always been in a most for--- tunate position. Low capitalition, low overhead,low profit per car combined with scientific management and the most complete manufacturing equipment" have enabled this company to . put the maximum of- - value into its product and also to keep the price down.These unique assets,- too, account for the quality that goes' t into every Paige cai:? qualitvwBich has, reduced tothe minimum the cost of maintaining and driving andenjoying Tfie MostTJeautifiil Car iri America f 4That is why you can buy so much quality in The MostBeautiful Car in America, at so low afigure in spiteof rising markets. It is the secret of Paige leadershipand Paige popularity.-Note It is impossible for us to guarantee thefolbwing prices for any definite length of timeKENTUCKY'S DBIVE AGAINSTILLITERACY.(The Christian Herald)Mrs. Stewart has received manyletters from those who have beenbenefited by the "moonlight schools."She says: "I value these letters morethan a fashionable woman wouldvalue her jewels."One woman of Carrollton, Ky.,writes thanking-the founder of the"moonlight schools." "I have beengoing seven nights, andhave learnedto read and write," says her letter."I am 43 years old and have writtenmy first letter to my mother, the nextto you."Another adult pupil from Creekmore, Ky., writes: "I can do something this year I could not do last,and that is write a letter."A resident of Rocky Hill, Ky., age53, writes: "We are having a 'moonlgiht school' here. I didn't know allthe alphabet when I started toschool; but I have learned them all,and now I can read and write a little. I read the first book mostthrough, and I would be glad tohave the second. I didn't have achance to go to school when I was aboy. Lthink the "moonlight school'the grandest thing in the world!I am going to keep up my studiesuntil I can read the Bible for myself,and this is my first letter that I havebeen able to write."A Kentucky woman writes fromBurksville: "I am 38 years old, andI could neither read nor write until Iwent to the 'moonlight school.' I havehad fourteen lessons, and can readmy Bible and enjoy it."These are samples of many others,all expressing genuine gratitude forthe uplift the movement has givento them, and for the new and widerhorizon it has brought into theirlives.I5i ?aLow Round-Trip FaresVIALouisville & Nashville RailroadACCOUNTsE1"Kentucky State FairLouisville, Sept. 10-15. rBetter, Bigger andfMore Important Than Ever Before.$50,000 in Premiums.$10,000 Saddle Horse Event.$1,000 Exhibit for Best Display pf Agri-. cultural Products Grown in AnyOne County in 1917.For further particulars apply tb local ticket agents, Louisville& Nashville Railroad, or address ft. D. Pusey, General PassengerAgeht, Louisville, Ky. (aug28-5t)ORDERS RECEIVED TO ARRANGETRANSPORTATION.FOR TROOPSStratford "Six-5 1 " seven-passengerFairfield "Six-46 seyen-passengerLin wood "Six-39" five-passengerBfooklands "Six-5 1" four-passengerDartmoor "Six-39" 2 or 3rpassengerSedan "Six-39" five-passengerSedan "Six-5 1" seven-passengerTown Car "Six-5 1" seven-passengerLimousine "Slx-51" seven-passenger$1595f. o. b. Detroit$1450 f. o. b. Detroit$1260f. ob. Detroit$1795f.o.b. Detroit$1260'. o. b. Detroit1875 f. o.b. Detroit2400 f.o. b. Detroit$2850 f. o.b. Detroit$2850 f . o. b. Detroit-JPaige-Detroit Motor Car Company, Detroit, MichiganP. P. WHITEWith Diclterson fit Douglas Garage, 4th and High Ste.SERVICE STATION1sV.Farle.Ky."V jfcfcfiffOTfWtlllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllAlllllIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIUIIIIIIlSJ35a-ifX01ET TOR EDUCATION ER01CDOG TAXES.Docs are great factors, in the education of Kentucky's youth. Count-lac dofi; according to the State Su'yeriatendtnt of Public Instruction, isoie of the beet ways county superintendents can aid in rating the educational standard of the State..Monty rained in dog taxes goesfor "education under the new law.Payme&t of sheep claims partially.takes from the canine tax receipts,.Jutt th majority of dog tax dollarsgo for education.-gunrintndent of Public Instruction T. O. Gilbert wrote to alleWnty superintendents saying thata larre aamber of dogs were goingmtaxed aad that this was robbingthe ockoot.fund of thousands of dolfcm, and 'notified them that theyiravld ooo that Jhe dogs in theireoomtiei -were properly assessed fortaxaUoft .COMPLAINT.CENTENARIAN USED WHISKEYAND TOBACCO LIFETIME."I do more work than any twomen in the county' declared "UnclePete" Starr, of Dunning Blainecounty, Nebraska's only contenarianin a recent interview.Born in Genesee county, N. YApril 8, 1818, Mr. Starr has justbeen chosen assessor for Dunningprecinct for 1918, a position whoseduties he has performed for eiglityears. He was assessor of Blainecounty the preceding four years.In early life, Mr. Starr taughtschool in New Yorkjwid Indiana. Henever has worn spectacles and makesthe statement that he has used tobacco and whiskey "all his life.ELECTSIC BABBEBINCr.tteriac fee et weather of the sum-wk Moilho aosmomemberjof almostjomj faoHly jo likely to be troubledwith an Unnatural looseness of 'thebowels, ffcd it U of the greatest importance f&at tnlo be;treated promptly wfcldt can oitly be done whe thedlflnn to keft at hand. Mrs. F. F.Soottorille, N.T., states, "iChamberlain's K3olic andUsni4r.a'1oiijmynmx tnai .im ,JK?Ml ill wiosJioinT tt "trntmrnmsno. OCkor saosabets ot myThe -latest device to .save time,which nowadays, according to theeconomists, is more valuable thanever before, has appeared in a barber shop in a big Eastern city. It is,a hair-cutting machine driven by asmall electric motor. It is claimedfor the new device that it not onlyreduces the labor of the barber to aminimum, but it cuts the time neeessaryJor, a hair-cut almost in half.Also, according to the inventor,. bydoing away with the physical labor ofhair-cutting, the machine permits thebarber to' do a more' artistic job.STOMACH AJTO IIVEB TH0U1LES.DAIRY PBOlTOCTS. IN NEElJ OFCONSERVATION.Warning that conservaiton ofdairy .products must be not only a;war measure, but must be carried onafter the war, has been given by theFood Administration."The world's dairy supplies are decreasing rapidly' says the statement. "Even our own dairy supplies are not keeping pace with ourgrowth of population. Yet we mustship increasing amounts of dairyproducts to our allies."The people must realize the dependence of the well-being of theirchildren and thus of the nation, uponthe encouragement and upbuilding ofthe industry. We must save thewastes in milk and butter if we areto provide pnilk supplies to all, especially including the children of thecrowded districts of our cities."PHOTOS B7 CABLE.zt-v i -x-ii. -?&No end of misery aad actual suf-is OSytised by dieordertjof thaaad Mrer, and may be avoided br tae use of Chamberlain's Tab-JitA German scientist claims to havesolved the problem of transmittingphotographs, under the ocean Jay cable. His process, if successful, represents the solution of an old problem. Photographs have long beeatransmissible , by telegraph, by theuse of selenium, a metal whose electrical resistance .vanes witn tae-intensity of the light. striking. it. Buta similar prceee for cable work han wrbeen-prfected ajttorjtocauie of "the- extreme feebleneisthe'- eleetrie; current itbat must -Bassttoodgh thoosaadfl & infies xif -ijMwithout a relay. The newproeess 1stOrders for the transportation ofthe first 30 per cent, of Kentuckydraft quota, amounting to 4,372men, to the cantonment at Louisville, reached Governor Stanley fromProvost Marshal General Crowderyesterday, calling on him to take upwith President Milton Smith the arrangement for getting the men toLouisville in five increments fromSeptember 5 to ,9 inclusive.Local bpards will be notified whereto put their men on the trains, andwill receive blanks for requestioningand transportation and meal tickets.The State w.IU be divided so that'theentire 30 jper cent, .from each, countywin .go xogemer, ana me men winbe provided with tagt and kept together until taken charge of oy theFederal authorities' at Louisville.ELIMINATEYOUR WORRIESILIQUID EIRE.Detailed descriptions of the "Plammenwarfer," or fame-throwers usedby the Germans in thier attacks havereached this country. The apparatusconsists of a tank holding a mixtureof oil and benzine at a pressure ofj300 pounds to the square inch. Thepressure is secured by pumping innitrogen gas. A pipe and a flexible.hose lead to the nozzle, where a burning oil wick ignites the outrushingstream of oil. The spray of flame iscast about 100 feet, with a tremendous roar and a great blaze of light.,The effect is said to be largely psychological, consisting chiefly dn thedemonstration of the opposing troops.The flame throwers grow less andless effective as the enemy becomes,!familiar witn their work.One by, one our treasured axiomsare exploded. When you are temptedto remark that "talk is cheap" justremember that the telephones of thecountry return a monthy income ofnearly a dollar each.High cost of living, warm weather andscarcity of labor is a condition where aHOME TELEPHONEin your residence at reasonable rates andcourteous treatment to all would eliminate a. good portion of the worries attributed, to this cause.Call at our office or telephone 427,. 411 or320 and place your order.. jParis Home Telephone & Telegraph Co.(Incorporated)J. 7. VEATCH,Diitrict Manager.W.H. CAMION,G. W. DAVISFuneral Director'--Corner Fifth and Pleasant Streets, Paris, KyDay Phones 137 Night Phones 299 or 999Automobile Ambulance. v Automobile HearseUndertakingOur- Winton-Six Automobile Ambulance with-JohnsonT&JE6hnson First Aid Equipment and the Lungmofbr (recentlysecured byua at great expense)- a resuscitating .device forZWMZM 2m;jln y poisoning, electricshock, collapse f rdni anaesthasia; etc., always ready for service, DAY .OR NIGHT. Phone, us immediately when anaccident occurs. 'SLr.zyKIV.oivV, y'-g3.rv'J Irav, ?rofI itefftGo WhereComfort Awaits YouA retreat from the monotony of every daybusiness cares away from the crowds whereyou can stretch out and, take things easy.There are many of these quiet shady haunts to be found atAshevillzChattdnoogdNiagara FallsThousand IslandsAtlantic Seashore"New EnglandCanadaSikh lKMlSiiHS .airr J7 .mm? mp. : r 1Michigan ancl u, Great Lakes ResortsLOW ROUND TRIP TICKETS ON SAlE DAILYGoed returning until October 31 at.Each location has 'distinct natural attractions: for recreationin addition 'to the; popular open air pastimes. "W shall be pleased" ta arrange the details of your trip.-. w , , .jr' -Consdt your local ticket agex-orldrsu. c. amis, UiYiami Ttumgm Aftst,118 EMak Street, uJUm, Kj.FUOil'lnt ,ao3li-i'K .t(j9aIsto --:;-.rJrr,?r-- -'&-It -?&'It wttfclota Qire them a trial. Tfcey onlynosniinssmsaid tor maka use of tae selenhim'.i' J LT .&-Srf?'"' rW-tikiiUGUST tl. 1S17. W:j ,- 'i-JS::J?..;m'Vit-s-?-V-. - f?:"""?JEt.'-S. - - " ' ' "I- J-. .'-. - ' -- - - - - "" -- ?-- -' " -swammmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmammmmmmmmmmmmmmmmimmmmmmmmmammmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmz -,-4-f-It.V"'lmWf:tM I- J&'It-.- TOsWr2cour&rwes.For distinctive eyeservice consult us.glassWe use the latest and mostup-tO-date methods Of refract-the eyes.Give us an early call.We Fit WhereOthers FailFRYE & FRANKLINDOCTORS OF OPTOMETRYDow Bldg., opp. Windsor HotelProfessional Cards.DR. WM. KENNEYEye, Ear, Nose and Throat.ROOMS 403404.FIRST NAT'L BANK BUILDING.PHONE 136.WM GRAN NANAttorneyatLawROOMS 401-402.FIRST NAT'L BANK BUILDINGCAHAL BROS,BARBER SHOPPrompt andCourteousPatron i.Attention toHOT AND COED BATHS.ou Don't Have toStoopIf You Use aGarlandCabinetRangeA beautiful line of Garlands on dlalay. Come In and look them over.Paris Gas & Electric Co.(Incorporated)t .iip:m nostraMakesJby:completeTHERE'S a heap of joyin a ton of good coal.Your stove or furnacewon't have much troublefrom extracting comfortfrom a ton of coal if youbuy it from us. Our rapiddelivery will please you.W. C. DODSOJSouth Main St.!The Htm ! Gotf CmIIAT'W'Ml-5k tA&I.Ji2ZZ.- V lS iSSZrkZio. H.T r SSSSZimriamm. k 1 IS S M I I I- I'Ml'' IWV' x3ULs-3L,.Z' i.. .:"fiPMS.-.Jr . - -.-It's Important to learn the Cause, AsMany Paris People Have.Dizziness is never a diseasepf itself; it's only a symptom of some deeper-seatedtrouble. Much dizziness iscaused by disordered kidneys failingto filter all the poisons from theblood. These poisons attack thenerves and dizziness results.- If youare subject to dizziness, there is goodreason to suspect your kidneys, and ifyou suffer backache, headache, andirregular kidney action, you havefurther proof. Many Paris peoplehave learned the value of Doan's Kidney Pills in just such cases. Readthis Paris resident's statement:Mrs. J. Wy Markland, 326" Eighthstreet, Paris, says: "Some few yearsago I suffered severely with kidneycomplaint and sometimes was in aaeiiuus uuuuiuuu. x ucive ua,u a. uuii-stant, dull ache across the small ofmy back and I have had terribledizzy spells at times. I have, usedDoan's Kidney Pills for this troubleand they have helped me more thananything else, always relieving meof the complaint."Price 60c, at all dealers. Don'tsimply ask for a kidney remedy getDoan's Kidney Pills the same thatMrs. Markland had. Foster-MilburnCo., Props., Buffalo, N. Y. (adv)1 1 5iSTATE TEACHERS UNDER HRE.As the result of an investigationwhich disclosed the fact that manyteachers not legally qualified are employed, not only in high schools, butin the graded schools, State Supt.Gilbert is sending out notices toCounty Superintendents of an intention to have the inspectors check upthe records of teachers and insistupon a complete conformity to thelaw. Most of these teachers arecompetent,' it is said, but Supt. Gilbert believes that laxity in regardto the legal requirements will havea tendency to lower the standard, andsaid that those who are competentto teach will "have no trouble in complying with the school laws. He isadvising the superintendents that thelast examination to qualify whiteteachers for the 'year will be heldSeptember 21 and 22, the third Friday and Saturday.JSl IS ISThere Is more Catarrh in this section of the country than all otherdiseases put together, and for years itwas supposed to be incurable Doctors prescribed local remedies, andby .constantly failing to cure withlocal treatment, pronounced it incurable. Catarrh is a local disease,greatly influenced by consitutionalconditions and therefore requiringconstitutional treatment. Hall'sCatarrh Medicine, manufacturedby F. J. Cheney & Co., Toledo, O.,is a contitutional remedy, is takeninternally and acts through theblood on the Mucous Surfaces of thesystem. One hundred dollars reward is offered for any case thatHall's Catarrh Medicine fails to cure.Send for circulars and testimonials.F. J. CHENEY & CO., Toledo, O.Sold by Druggists, 75c.Hall's Family Pills for constipation. (aug-adv)"1 te teCOLORED SEA WAVES.(Milwaukee Sentinel,)The blueness of sea water dependsgreatly on its saltness. In the tropics the tremendous, evaporation induced by the blazing sun causes thewater to be much saltier than it is inhigher latitudes, and about 30 degrees north and south of the equatorthe waters are of an exquisite azure.Reyond these latitudes the bluechanges to green, and in the Arcticand Antarctic oceans .the greens arealmost as varied as the tropical, blues.The extraordinary blueness of theMediterranean has two causes. Fewlarge rivers of- fresh water run intothis sea, and, moreover, the Mediterranean is virtually landlocked, and.exposed to a powerful sun, so thatevaporation is rapid. By actual testthe waters of the Mediterranean areheavier and contain more salt thanthat of the Atlantic.The Yellow Sea of China is usuallysupposed to owe its color to the floodof muddy water that its great riverpours into it. Living organisms areresponsible for that peculiar tint.m PaCHRONIC CONSTIPATION.It is by no means an easy matterto cure this disease, but it can bedone in most instances by takingChamberlain's Tablets and complyingwith the plain printed directions thataccompany each package.(aug-adv)Two thousand letters, each one offering a solution of the submarineproblem, were received by the navydepartment in one week. f these"wise heads' would only screw uptheir patriotism to the point of en-hctip in the navy we migutseesome appreciable resultswon't!But theyWhenyoujeeicoointdCnr.SSSTA vigor andmSSrilfc Wh livings' BerenakiwIfotfsNiriwPilUwilling MWS.XO i tijmiismwmmmi --wJw.r ;, iP"S5r,,- T & .:M&3eX0SS,Under fheveryshadow of the crossof Calvary the ministrations of mercyand help to, the wounded and dyingwere born. Born there, at that moment in the heart of a rough Romansoldier, who, when he heard the crywrung "from the lips of the dyingChrist, "I thirst," ran and filled" asponge with a cooling drink and fixedit to the head of his soldier's spearand held it up to the parched lips ofJesus. That was the first deed doneunder the sign of the Red Cross.That deed of mercy to the dyingChrist has been multiplied uncountedtimes by the influence of the livingChrist.To-day on battlefields and in campsand hospitals the Red Cross bringsrelief from suffering and new hopeof life. It staunches the flowing ofblood and hushes the groans of thewounded. There the only two thingsin all this agony which make it bearable. One is the heroism with whichmen go forth to die under the flag oftheir country; the other is the serviceof men and women, who, forgettingdanger, go forth to do deeds of mercyunder the sign of the Red Qross.A soldier falls wounded upon thefield. The' tide of assault passes onand he is left alone and suffering.After the hours pass he hears voicesand he sees those who wear the RedCross. It bears to him the messagethat the Red Cross on the door of hishouse bore to the Hebrew bondmenin Egypt a' message of deliverance.It bears to him the message thatspeaks for all mankind "from thecross of Christ the assurance of release from suffering and death. Rev.H. J. Mikell in August SouthernWoman's.is 'AlVEERICAN TROOPS TO BE TRAINED IN CUBA.Cuba's offer to provide a mobilization and training ground for someAmerican forces has been .accepted.The number or description of theforces to be sent cannot be disclosedfor military reasoms.Thee State Department has issuedthis statement:"The government of Cuba has offered in a most friendly spirit to thegovernment of the United States theuse of training grounds in that republic for the American forces."This generous offer has been accepted by this government withgreat pleasure and careful, consideration has been given to the questionas to .which of the American forceswould be most benefited by trainingon the Island of Cuba. This questionhas now been determined and American forces will proceed to the eastern end of Cuba' for training at anearly date."The action on the part of President Menocal in making this friendlyoffer is considered as a further proofof Cuba's desire to give cordial cooperation unto the United States ofAmerica and to be of every assistance to it in the war which bothcountries are now waging for therights of humanity against the Imperial German government."yst fc isY. M. C. A. MOVIES FOR TROOPS.In order to provide recreation forthe troops in camp, the National WarWork Council of the Young Men'sChristian Association in the UnitedStates has made provision for the presentation of 8,000,000 feet of filmper week. In 343 cantonments,camps and posts, 1,126 programmeswill be rendered weekly.The great demand will be in con-(nection with the camps or the .National Guard and the National Army,thirty-two in number, but arrangements have been made to take care ofmany smaller points. In the Southern Department, for instance, 'two.motor trucks wiir be used to carryentertainments to troops in out-of-the-wayplaces. The moving picturemnphitiP will be mounted " on thetruck to cover its route. Should thenecessity arise, other trucks will beput into service. In the permanentcamps arrangements are being madefor outdoor and indoor moving pictures.j ia I WsNAMES KENTUCKIANS WHO WILLINSPECT OPITCERSThe War Department has announced the Kentuckians recently' commissioned in the Officers' ReserveCorps, who will act "as assistant instructors at the Second Officers'Training Camp. They are: MajorsCollis O. Camnbell, Belton J. Starkeand Harold C. Bays, -of Louisville;Captains Victor H. Engelhard andJames DeWese, of Louisville; MajorFrancis R. Montgomery, of Lexington, and First Lieut. Clay Judson, ofLexington.These officers, with the exception ofLieut. Judson, will, assist in trainingofficers at Fort Benjamin Harrison.Lieut. Judson will go to Fort Sheridan, 111.m m tttPOINTED PARAGRAPHS.Love, like, potatoes, springs from theeyes.tabor's, worst enemy is the working man who won't work.College men never graduate, in ahurry they do it by degrees.Taking things philosophically isthe only justifiable kleptomania.Very few people have weak eyesfrom too much, looking-on the brightqfrte-of things. . svcrV" Thou&the Juageey.ervsitejon themfflUfc ?:- ; . ., 4..z ---:,! VSTABBINGiO TiSWoman Thought She WouldDie. Cured by Lydia E.Pinkham's VegetableCompound.Ogdensburg, Wis. "I suffered fromfemale troubles which caused, piercingpains luce a Kmiethrough my backand side. 1 finallvlost all my strength.so i nad to go- tobed. The doctoradvised an operation but I wouldnot listen to it. Ithought of what Ihad read aboutLydfeE. Pinkham's Vegetable Compound andtried it. The firstbottle brought ctaarelief and six bottles have entirelycured me. All women who have femaletrouble of any kind should try Lydia E.Pinkham's Vegetable Compound."Mrs. Etta Dorion, Ogdensburg, WisPhysicians undoubtedly did their best,battled with this case steadily and coulddo no more, but often the most scientifictreatment is surpassed by the medicinalproperties of the good old fashionedroots and herbs contained in Lydia E.Pinkham's Vegetable Compound.If any complication exists it pays towrite the Lydia E. Pinknam MedicineCo., Lynn, Mass., for special free advice.MAGNIFYING GLASSES.The newest magnifying glass istypical of that class of inventionswhich, without embodying any newprinciple, combine several old onesso effectively as- to produce new results. This magnifying glass has alens for each eye, thus permitting astereoscopic vision, superior to theflat field produced by a single lens.The twin lenses are fastened to thehead so that both hands are free.On the forehead above the glasses asmall flashlight with a reflector isfastened, 'making a miniature searchlight to play on the object in hand.In surgery, research and delicate mechanics the new glass promises toprove a. great convenience.M"H'4'"M'lii4TOAND$r?-: - Ar- - - ir m ma m -- - K i ,a. m' . kH ank BaamljBmirniiiDimr :For Dry Goods, Dress Goods, Silks, Shirt Waists, Ladies' and Misses' Reajy- XtQ -New, StylishJUST ARRIVED !SEE THEM!FallWe Sell Ladies' Home Journal Patterns. 10I"M''M"-K"I"I"M"MFINAL CUT PRICESON ALL SUMMER GOODSWe Have About 30 GENUINE Palm Beach SuitsAlm6stevery size in the lot. Values up-to $10.00. Take your pick'?- - ' '.UAbout 20 Pongee Suits (MostlyUnrestricted choice Men's Straw Hats $1.00All Genuine Panamas . $2.75Get Our Prices on Articles Not Mentioned Above.twin Bros.;Ifilfef!- - --" , ., -. T"5r.i i -. rj.i . -Every uuuyiiuuw 5i leuuncKTelephone 2585All Metal(Higgins Mfg. Co.)WindowWeather StripsWALGERBest Screen Doors and Windows IffThe World.Window arid Door Equipments. "- jT. A. HENDRICKSOffice and Residence, 264 Rand Avenue- LEXINGTON, KY.A MAN AND HIS WIFE;LEVY, THE DRY CLEANERCumberland Phone 40 Home Phone 169 2I II II MDBPT.fiiUUiWearAiarmepts, Millinery,EATS50cI H I l'HJ I II III M$575S37575c Sport Shirts.......Odd Palm Beach Coats.Clothing and: -Vi-.-"VM Givt mnI7'IjvLexiiftM, JLj.' :-' ,1.-'2Screens3AWNINGSmay both derive saiisfactiooL-by having their worn and soiledgarments cleaned by us. r The..cost is nominal, while the- pTeiM 'ure of wearing old clothe thathave the appearance of new, jaconjunction with the knowledgethat you are effecting a -great: ;ving, must surely satisfy you.A phone brings ua. .fctc.ARRIVING DAILY 1Start Your Girl'jSchool Clothes INow. Come and- spect our stock.im- t- 15c; None Higher..SLarge Sizes):ilt4f". "9."iv- ':-:Z.?&insShoe Dept.1 . . -New Goods- i: -1rrrl:K'r I-:V3:iiMmmmimBmmimHim'iVM'''.VWWJW-'rJL-' ' "f:. '!'WI'---.?.: -?. r- ilizW-l-V V""fWfc,:1? -A:"- SZsr&&:$j" . - "SF -ar-L--'etT:TV - - -.C viJ. "V"",.FACE EIGHTTHE BOUKBON NEWS, PARK, KY.N!FRIDAY, AUGUST SI, ltlf:- '-vWMIMiiiiiiiiiUHmnnmiiimiiHMinHiiiii-ANO TAXES TO PAY!TO OUR CUSTOMERS:Under the provisions of the recently enacted revenuelaw of the State of Kentucky, this bank has elected to pay1"the taxes assessed against the deposits of our customerswith us. It will not be necessary for you to make anyreturn of cash on deposit with this bank on the forthcoming assessment blank as of September 1, 1917, as thisbank will pay all taxes.Farmers' Bank, MillersburgW. D. McINTYRE, Bres. SANFORD M. ALLEN, Cashier:r DEATHS; j ,MILLERSBURG-" Mrs. Belle Taylor is quite ill.Mr. J- W. Miller left Monday forFt. Benj. Harrison, Indiana.Mrs. H. D. Jones visited relativesat Carlisle, Monday and Tuesday,x air. c. C. Clark returned Wednesday after a two-weeks' sojourn atSwango Springs.Rev. and Mrs. A. S. Venable havereturned after a month's visit to relatives inWirginia3Ir. Dailey, of Mt.' Vernon, arrived Tuesday as the guest of his brother. Dr. E. G. Dailey.Mrs. J- S. Clarke left Sundayfor a visit to her daughter,JIrs. Jas.Price, at Clintonville.-Hiss Margaret Lilleston, of Paris,was the guest of Mrs. D. P. Jones,Monday and Tuesday.Mr. Tony Mann, of Louisville,was the guest of his aunt, Mrs. G.W. Clifford, Saturday and Sunday.Rev. and Mrs. J. w. uaiuuci (-lef t Tuesday for a visit to relatives atSomerset, and will return Saturday, jMiss Anna James McClintock,vleft Friday to resume her studies ina college near Baltimore, Maryland.:Miss Flornen Mastin has return- jj .. linmo nf- T.PYinarton after afew days' visit to Mrs. Emmett Mas--mv t T iraro.um. of Jackson,Ky "was the guest of Mr. and Mrs.G. W. Ingels a few days during thei)r. W. G. Dailey was in Cincin-natifrom Saturday until Monday,,- taking Mrs. Elizabeth Dwelling there' .for treatment..Mr and Mrs. H. C. Houston, ofFaris have returned, to their homeafter 'a few days' visit to Mr. andMrs. Chas. Insko.Miss Elizabeth Pruitt returned. Tuesday after spending the summer- with her grandparents, Mr. and Mrs.- Chanslor, at Stanford.Miss Virginia Hutchcraft leftWednesday for Saundersville, Georgia, w)iere she will resume her dutiesfn the school in a few days.Mr. and Mrs. Asa Maxwell havereturned to their home at Portsmouth, Ohio, after a few days' visitto Mr. and Mrs. G. W. Clifford.Mrs. Mattie V. Jones left Saturday for a visit to her son, Mr. Geo.Morton Jones, at Norfolk, ya., whois in" the hospital service of the U. S.Navy.3Iiss Frances Folsom McGuire, ofLexington, has been appointed asprincipal of the Graded School here tosucceed Prof. Elliott, who goes vtoNorth Middletown.mm Mrs. J. D. Calhoun, after a several weeks' visit to Dr. and Mrs. J. D.Calhoun, Jr., was called to her homeat Ringo, Georgia, Tuesday, on ac-' -l4..H.ii.I..IiitiiInH-''4"H'i'Ii"l''4',fr34?L j CmxiiAA v4- V All fDoctor's Prescriptiondepends upon the skill ofjthe druggist who compounds it.We feel sure that weoffer, the best prescriptionservice in town and want achance to demonstrate thesuperiority of this service.Bring .your next preAMrkKrm n nfi and eret thebest results from your phy-; ;aiMQn'a Hirpr.r.ions.v,.BROOKS &SNAPPJDRUG COMPANYThe Penslar Store.BlIHiMU1III1IMIIIHUcount of the critical illness of a littlegranddaughter.-Mr. and Mrs. C. W. Corringtonreturned Wednesday after a tenweeks' sojourn in Atlanta, Georgia.Mr. Corrington, who has been quiteill and underwent an operation during his absence, is improving nicely.Mrs. Mattie B. Hawes and sons,James and Albert Hawes will leaveto-day for their home in Chicago, 111.,after a several weeks' visit to hermother, Mrs. America Butler. Mrs.Butler will accompany them homefor a several weeks visit.Mr. and Mrs. J. P. Redmon andlittle daughter, Charlotte, MissesStella, Craven and Lavina Layson,Mrs.v J. M. Caldwell and little son,Kenneth, Mrs. Bessie Caldwell, Mrs.D. E. Clarke, Misses Marguerite Layson and W. M. Layson, Jr., spentTuesday at Boonesboro, enjoying adelightful outing on the Kentuckyriver.Lieut. Chas. Best, of the U. S.Navy, and sister, Miss-Louise Best,have returned to Maysville after afew days' visit to relatives here.Lieut. Best has been in the navy forseveral years. He is very enthusiastic over his work and decidedly im'patient with many who are claimingexemption. He is off on a short furlough and is visiting his mother,Mrs. AliceBest, and family, at Maysville. He expects to be called to hispost of duty at most any time. He isapplying for a position on a submarine destroyer, and says he will neverbe happy until he is one of a company that .will destroy at least twelveGerman submarines.ta fe TSBURNAM.The remains of Rev. Edmund H.Burnam, who died in Pomona, Cal.,last week", arrived in Richmond, Monday at noon. t Upon arrival they weretaken to the Regular Baptist church,on North Second street, where theyremained until 2:30 o'clock Tuesdayafternoon, when funeral services wereheld in the church he personally conducted and loved so well. The services were conducted by his old companion and friend, Rev. Geyedon, ofMorgan county, who paid a beautifuland loving tribute to his worth.In the death of Rev. Burnam, thewhole city and county mourns, for hewas greatly beloved by every classand creed. He was the sincere friendof each and all, and his death leavesa pang of sorrow in every home.The following named gentlemenacted as pall-bearers, all of whomwere his nephews, with the exceptionof one: Messrs. T. S. Burnam, R. R.Burnam, Paul Burnam, Harvey Chenault, -Waller Bennett, E. B. Hume,Waller Chenault and L. B. Herring-ton.GODDARD.Mrs. Mary Goddard, agech seventy-six,one of the oldest and mosthighly-respected residents of Fleming county, died at her home nearMt. Carmel, in that county, Tuesday, after a long illness of severalweeks from a complication of diseases.'TMrs. Goddard was a typical Kentucky woman and was one of thebest read women in the State, always keeping abreast of the times.She was recognized as one of theleading women of Fleming county.She was a sister of Mrs. John Fox,Sr.. of Big Stone Gap, Va., motherof Mr. John Fox, Jr., the Kentuckynovelist, a former resident of Paris.Mrs. Goddard is survived by threechildren, Mr. John W. Goddard, ofOhio, formerly Sheriff of Flemingcounty; Mr. Andrew Goddard, ofFleming county, and Mrs. Kate McCartney, of Mt. Carmel, with whomshe had been making her home, andby one sister, Mrs. Sue Fox, of BigStone Gap, Va.The funeral was held at the Mt.Carmel Christian church at teno'clock yesterday morning. The interment followed ix the Mt. Carmelcemetery.f x . - tz. t -served, two terms 'as' County Attorneyof Bourbpn. His mother was adaughter of the fate Mrr'and Mrs.'James M. 'Thopnas, of Paris. Formany years Mr. Moore has made hishome with his aunt, Mrs. HenryShipp, in Lexington. He is one ofthe most popular of the younger setin Lexington. The bride is wellknown here, where she has been aguest at many social functions. Sheis the oldest of three charmingdaughters of Mrs. Clay Elkin, ofLexington. Mr. and Mrs. Moore'smany Paris friends are extendingtheir congratulations and bestwishesHfllllMlllllllllHIHIIIMmillUlllllltHillMiBIRTHS.In Lexington, Tuesday, to ,Mr.and Mrs. Walter Henderson Shropshire, of this county, a daughter.The mother was formerly Miss Virginia Smith, of Georgetown.TO TAX PAYERSTax receipts of thecity for 1917 are nowin the hands of CityCollector ClarenceThomas, at the Peoples Deposit Bank.Call and pay themnow.J.T; HINTON,(auglO-tf) Mayor.3 yKE ALLOTHER BANKSThe First National Bankof Paris, Ky.Wiil pay all taxes on depositsas of September 1stThe First National Bank Iof ParisimiiiimiiihimihiiiuhhmimihiiiiiiihiiiimTREDUCED RATES TO LEXINGTONTROTS.All roads lead to Lexington, October 1-13, and each road oners reduced rates on account of the most important trotting meeting- in theworld. To this meeting come thousands of admirers of the light harnesshorse from other States; and Ken-tuckians in order to witness the he3tthere is in racing need go no further.j It is here the greatest horses will hei seen in action over the best track inthe world. The richest prizes will heoffered and the fastest time made.DEATH TAKES MINISTER'i The body of Rev. H. B. Webster,who died in Paris, Monday night, after a protracted illness, was taken tohis old home at Nicholasville, forburial. Rev." Webster was pastor ofthe colored Baptist church, in- Paris,several years, and was highly respected. His death resulted from a paralytic stroke suffered several monthsago.fe fe feNICKEL. -A scientist of the Bureau of Mineshas just issued a report on nickel, inwhich he points to the great possibilities of this metal as a materialfor kitchen utensils and cooking pots.Besides the standard iron pots, copper and aluminum pots have foundfavor in the kitchen. Great care isnecessary in the use of copper, andaluminum to be satisfactory must beso heavy that tlie price is high.Nickel has practically all the goodqualities of either of the other materials; it is reasonably cheap, takesa beautiful finish, can easily be electroplated and does -not corrode. Anincreasing use of nickel in the kitchen is looked for.LINVILLE.The funeral of Mr. R. Lee Linville, aged fifty, who-died at the Masjsie Memorial Hospital, in this city,at seven o'clock, Wednesday morning,of typhoid fever, was held at thefamily residence on the RuddlesMills pike, near Paris, yesterday afternoon, at 2:30 o'clock. Serviceswere conducted by Rev. W. O. Sadler, pastor of the Paris Methodistchurch. The burial followed in theParis Cemetery. The pall-bearerswere W. L. Brannock, W. T. Caywood, Henry Ingels, John Denton,Robert O. Turner and Owen Kennedy. Mr. Linville was a son of Mr.Hiram Linville, who died last weekat the home from which his son'sbody was carried yesterday. Mr.Lee Linville had been seriously illfor the past ten days of typhoidfever. He was for several years incharge of the county prisonersworking the county quarry in BastParisMr. Linville is survived by hiswidow, one daughter, Ruth, one son,Earl, and the following sisters andbrothers: Garrett and William Linville, of this county; Mrs.. GeorgeParker, of Nicholas county; Mrs. M.Kenton, of Covington; Mrs. JennieTaylor and Mr. Dexter Linville, ofNicholas county.TS fe 1No Taxes To PayTO OUR CUSTOMERS:Under the provisions of the recently enacted revenue law of the State of Kentucky, this bank has elected to pay the taxes assessed against the deposits of ourcustomers with us. It will not be necessary for you to make any return of cash ondeposit with this bank on the forthcoming assessment blank as of September 1st,1917, as this bank will pay all taxes.Bourbon-Agricultural Bank &Trust Co. IFinal ClearanceSALEy .tWilmoth'sSalt-RisingBread!MATRIMONIAL.Angel FoodCake!Don't That"Listen Good?"WILMOTHGrocery Co.Phone-376A marriage license was issuedfrom the office of Jounty ClerkPearce Paton, Tuesday evening, to-Mr. Virgil Cooper and Miss NaomiHumphreys, both of Paris.STANARD BOLLES.-The marriage of' Miss MargaretStanard, of Millersburg, to Mr. FredBolles, of Pueblo, Colorado, was celebrated in 'that city Wednesday afternoon. The bride is well-known here,where she is prominently connected.She is a granddaughter of the lateRichard W- Hutchcraft, formerly ofParis, who moved to Colorado severalyears ago. She has been a guest offriends and relatives in Millersburgand Paris this summer. She is a veryattractive and highly accomplishedyoung woman, a daughter of Mr. A.F. Stanard, of Puebloi Mr. Bolles isa prosperous young seed merchant ofRocky Ford, Colorado.Prices Cut Deep onMen's, Women's and Children's 1SUMMER FOOTWEAR 1Emphatic reductions on every pair of shoes in the house.We must unload. Prices marked so low not a pair will remain unsold Be here tomorrow without fail and buyrTwo and Three Pairs for the Former Price of One !PricesisELKIN MOORE. - -The marriage of Miss CarolynElkin, of Lexington, and Mr. WillEstill Moore, formerly of Paris, wasquietly solemnized Tuesday afternoon at the home of the officiatingminister in Louisville.The couple motored to Louisvillefrom Lexington in the afternoon, andkept the happy secret until afterthe marriage, when the news wastransmitted hy wire to relatives ofboth families." The marriage is of much interesthere, as the groom is a son of "Mr. IThomas E.Moore, Jr.qf Hazard, aformer- resident oParis Jrhere heLadies' Grey and Champagne Kid Colonette Pymps, $4.00, sale price. . :$ 1 .35Ladies' White Canvas Colonette Pumpr,$2.00, sale price....- . $1.49Ladies' Patent and Dull Kid StylishPumps, $400 and $4.50, sale price $2.95Ladies' Black Kid Low and High HeelPumps, $3.50, sale price $2.45Ladies' broken size Oxfords and Pumps$3.00, sale price $ .99Ladies' Kid Shoes, button and lace,$4.00, sale price $2.99Ladies' White Sea Island Canvas Boots,' $3.50, sa'e price! . . . .. . . .$245Lrdies' Gun Metal Shoes, broken sizes,43.00 and $3.50, sale 'price.. -...$.45Men's Russian Tan Oxfords, Walk-Overand Bostonians, $4.50, sale price..$3.49Men's White Cloth English Oxfords,Walk-Over, $4.50, sale price $3.50Men's Tan and Gun Metal Oxfords,$3.00, sale price $1.99Men's Patent Colt English Oxfords,and Shoes, $5.00, sale price $3.45Men's Black Kid Oxfords, Walk-Over,and Shoes, $4.50, sale price $3.50Men's Gun Metal, button and lace,$4.00, sale price $2.99Men's Gun Metal Button Shoe, $3.00,sals price -. $1.99::!Boys', Misses' and Children's School Shoes At. Bargain Prices!DAN COHEN"-Parte' Greatest Shoe Store h Where BtfLutyund Economy Reifi- J(I' V-JA -s"a ..jjJj- ak:--ai 55il-r3J-