THENEWSVPUBLISHED EVERY TUESDAY AND FRIDAY IN THE YEAR,VOLUME XXXVIIPARIS, BOURBON COUNTY, KENTUCKY, FRIDAY, JUNE- 8, 1917i iBOURBONV " .-CENTRAL KY.RETAIL MERHANTSTO MEET IN PARIS NEXT TUESDAYOVER TWO HUNDREDDELEGATES ARE EXPECTED TOATTEND.Paris will be honored on Tuesday,June 12, by the presence of about250 delegates representing all linesof retail trade in Central Kentucky,to attend the annual meeting of thefVntral Kentucky Retail Merchants'Association.The sessions will be held in theourt house. The meeting will becalled to order by Pres. D. P. Davis,-n4 Frankfort. After the invocationT) Rev. W. E. Ellis, of the ParisChristian church, the following program will be observed:Address of welcome, by Mr. JohnJ. Williams, Paris; response; report-of president; report of secretaryand treasurer; repoif of committees;address, "What Advertising MayMean to the Small Town Merchant,"W. G. Simpson, Jr., advertising manager of the Frankfort State Journal;address, "Do We Endorse Cut PriceFales?" Hon. Leon Pothchilds, Shel"byville; discussion of topics by mem")prs; luncheon-dinner; "Do We Endorse Other Than Conservative Buying Under Present Conditions?"James L. Isenberg, Harrodsburg;address, A. W. McKeand, of the McKeand Publicity Service, Indianapolis, Ind.; new business; election ofoflicers; selection of place of meetingfor 1918; benediction by Rev. 0. R.Mangum, of Paris Baptist church .The object of these annual meetings is to promote a better understanding and co-operation for betterbusiness methods among the retailmerchants of Centrul Kentucky; toenable merchants to become acquainted with each other; to devisemethods of regulating credits andprotecting the members against professional beats and imposters, andto make for improved trade conditions all around.The delegates to the meeting arewell known and prominent businessmen from all sections of CentralKentucky. The organization of theAssociation was effected a few yearsago when conditions in the retailline were such that something hadto be done for mutual protectionand mutual understanding. Themeeting was held last year in Georgetown. Paris must get busy and makepreparations for showing these delegates that we have a live town. Theyarc not "hayseed corner storekeepers," but live, progressive businessmen who will form their estimate ofParis and Paris people by the natureof the reception given them.The members of the Paris BusinessMen's Club are actively' at work inthe matter of arranging entertainment for the delegates. The heartyso-operation of the people of Paris isurged and expected, if we are to dothe right thing."Let us then be up and doing "The Reception Committee, who willmeet the delegates are composed ofthe following:Withers Davis, B. A. Frank, W. R.31akemore, C. A. McMillan, R. P."Walsh, Edward Prichard, RudolphDavis, Chas. Goldstein, Charles Wil-moth, Harry Simon, Lawrence Price,E. B. January, Wm. Shire, Oscar THinton, Louis Wollstein, F. P. Lowryand Buckner Woodford, Jr.; Mesdames Owen L. Davis, M. H. Dailey,Rudolph Davis, B. A. Frank, Chas.Goldstein and C. A. Teller.The session will be called to orderpromptly at ten o'clock a. m. Anadjournment will be taken for dinner at the Hotel Windsor. Afterdinner Judge Denis Dundon will deliver a patriotic speech to the delegates. The afternoon session willbegin at two o'clock.BOURBON FISCAL COURTThe June term of the BourbonFiscal Court convened in the CountyCour room, at court house yesterdaywith Judge McMillan presiding, andthe following Justices present: Martin, Shropshire, Thomason, Redmon,Burris, Turner, Lloyd and Stephenson. Claims against the county amounting to $1,683.66, were allowed andordered paid.The County Treasurer was ordered to borrow the sum of. Ave thousand dollars for use of the TurnpikeFund, and to execute his note forsame, payable January 1, 1918, andbearing interest at the rate of sixper cent, from date until paid.It was ordered that the sum of$30 be paid to Maude Taylor out ofthe Hamilton Fund upon request ofthe Hamilton Fund Commissioners.Ordered that the sum of ?60 bepaid to Ethel Jones out of the Hamilton Fund.Ordered that the Court take stepsto have the passway at Kennedy'sCreek bridge on the Winchester pike,closed.Ordered that the sum of $150 boappropriated for repairs on the Endicott dirt road, the work to be supervised by S. H. Endicott.The Road Engineer was instructedto repair culvert in the yard of Robt.Hopkins. The Road Engineer wasalso instructed to advertise for bidson bridges on the North Middletownpike; to advertise for bids on stationary bin of Ave hundred tons capacity. The Road Engineer was authorized to sell the old road rollerafter having a competent man fixvalue on same in behalf of thecounty.The Court adjoruncd to July 5.REGISTRATION INBOURBON 1,553WE KNOW MOWRED CROSS ADDITIONS.The work of the Red Cross Chapter of Bourbon county goes steadilyon, and many new additions to themembership are reported from time totime. Since the last list printed inTHE NEWS, the following havetaken membership in the organization: Mr. "and Mrs. Gilbert Lytle, FrankLowry, Dr. J. T. "Vansant, LafayetteArdery, Mr. and Mrs. StanhopeWiedemann, Miss Naomi BowlesWiedemann, A. L. Boatright, Mr.and Mrs. Logan Howard, Mrs. J. B.Tarr, Miss Elizabeth Tarr, Mrs. BushT. Bishop, Ed. H. Owings, MajorThomas Owings, Newton Smith andMiss Nell McClintock.The members of the organizationhad an active interest in the presentation of the great film play, "Civilization," at the Paris Grand, Mondaynight. An appeal was made for fundsby Dr. Fritz, of Covington, who, as asurgeon in the United States Army,is touring Kentucky on an enlistingcampaign. Dr. Fritz's address was animpassioned and eloquent one. Youngladies dressed as Red Cross nurseswent among the audience and succeeded in collecting the sum of $100,which will be turned intovthe fundfor supplying equipment, etc., forthe Chapter.'LIBERTY LOANBONDS FIND TAKERS.COMPLIMENTS TEACHERFOR BOURBON SCHOOLSThe Cynthiana Democrat says ofMiss Sallie Talbott, who was recently selected by the BourbonCounty Board of Education as teacher for the Shawhan school:"Miss Sallie Talbott, of this city,Tina haan olontoi tpar.her Of thd-JShawhan school by the BourbonCounty Board of Education. MissTalbott is an experienced teacher ofsplendid ability, and the Shawhanschool is very fortunate in havingsecured her services."There has been a generous response to the Liberty Loan issue InParis, and in the past few days quitea block of bonds have been sold.Among the recent investors wereAllen Gaines, a wall-known coloredman residing near Paris, who invested a portion of his savings of years,$1,500. Gaines made the statementthat, as he had passed the age limitwhere he could be of service to theGovernment, he wanted to do thenext best thing and help to providefor someone else who could go.Dr. F. P. Campbeli, the veterinarian, purchased one bond for himself, and one each for his wife, andtheir two children. He expressed thepatriotic desire to see all the LibertyBond allotment .in Paris taken up.Judge E. B. January has, beencommissioned by the I. O. O. F. lodgenf Paris to invest 51,000 of then-funds in these bonds, with the privilege of more if desired. The Odd Fellows also desire to contribute in thi3way in the prosecution of a war thatmay rid the world of "The Hoenzollerns and the Hapsburgs," who havealready been consigned to a warmerclimate than this by Marse HenriWatterson, of the Courier-Journal,spvpral others have purchasedquantities of these bonds, but THEt- . - i n full nnrNEWS has not secuicuand complete list.YOUNG MEN OF COUNTY RESPOND TO CALL TO ARMS INWAR AGAINST GERMAN TYR-RANY.Responding eagerly and willinglyto the call to arms in aiding the suppression of tyrrany, the "divine rightof king," absolutism autocracy, andthe world-wide horror in which"Germany's Madman" has plunged,1,553 Bourbon county men of themilitary age, went to the various registration booths in the county Tuesday, and were recorded as patriots.Registration began at seveno'clock in the morning, and the officials were kept busy until nineo'clock at night. The registrationwas very different from the registration which takes place annuallypreliminary to a November election.In the first place only men betweenthe ages of twenty-one and thirtyone, inclusive, were accepted for registration. In the second place, thamajority of those who registered didso with the full knowledge of thefact that the registration .would be ithe first step toward military service that will probably terminate onthe battlefields of France.There was no attempt anywherein the city or county to influenceyoung men against obeying the registration or the drafting law. On thecontrary, many a mother, sacrificingthe maternal instinct, exhorted theirsons to offer their services to theircounty.The registration m both city andcounty exceeded expectations, andit seemed to be spontaneous and without murmur or untoward incidentNo one between the specified ageswas exempted from registration. Inseveral instances fathers and mothersaccompanied their sons to the registration places, and stood proudlythough perhaps tearfully by whilethe process of registration was beingconducted. They gave no outwardmanifestation or sign of fear at thethought.thatthe organization of anyarmy of democracy might bring bereavement to them. One feature ofthe registration was the refusal ofthe young men to make any answerto the question: "Do you claim exemption?" They all apparently entered fully into the very spirit of thelaw, and were content to leave thequestion of exemption to the future.They only wanted to go willingly onrecord as being ready to do theirshare, whatever that might be. Thecolored people were there in numbers, and did well.Based on a population basis forthe city and county, it is estimatedthat about seventy-five young menwill be taken on the selective draftcall for service in the training campsabout Sept. 1, at which time theywill be wearing the field service uniforms of the United States Army.The registration figures for thetwenty precincts in the county, Parisincluded, are as follows:Paris No. 1 29Paris No .2 159Paris No. 3 ". 61Paris No. 4 81Paris No. 5 ". 105Paris No. 6 81Millersburg No. 1 64Millersburg No. 2 66Little Rock No. 1 103Little Rock No. 2 . . . . 103Clintonville No. 1 90Clintonville No. 2 '. . . 35Centerville No. 1 83Centerville No. 2 85North Middletown No. 1 101f MommuKammmm smwi" mwmClothingValuesThat Can't Be FoundElsewhere You'll Findat Mitchell & Blakemore's StoreCopyright. 1917iKufcul. fcttrn & Co.We give you value for every dollaryou spend, whether it is the man with aten-dollar bill or the fellow with threetens that he wants to spend for a Suit ofClothes. We will not misreDresent ourmerchandise in order to make a sale, and when you purchase a suit from our store,whether it is a medium priced garment or a high priced suit, the same dependableguarantee goes with it that has made our store a success.Blue Serge, Fancy Worsted and Homespun SuitsMade Right and Tailored Like Good Clothes Should Be$12.50 to $30.00Walk into our store and buy your clothes you will be satisfied with yourselfand also the fit and style of your suit. Fancy, stylish and extreme style suits for theyoung man who wants to be among the well dressed crowd.MITCHELL & BLAKEMOREStetson Hats Manhattan Shirts Nettleton Fine Shoesgac3ee Of )))) 99999mlrCALLED AS CANDIDATESFOR COUNCILMEN.If Messrs. Ed. Burke and Ira Parkswill consent to become candidates forCouncilmen from 'the Second Ward,they will receive the loyal andstaunch support ofMANY DEMOCRATS.LATE WAR DISPATCHES.TO MR JNO. F. DAVIS ANDMR. JOHN MERRINGER.Paris is to have an awakening. Weneed young men of push and enterprise to help along the forwardmovement. Knowing you to be capable and straight, we call uponyou to become candidates for Councilmen from the Ft Ward.FIRST WARD DEMOCRATS.North Middletown No. 2Ruddles Mills No. 1Ruddles Mills No. 2. . .Hutchison No. 1Hutchison No. 24775814459full andAUTO 'CATCHES FIRE;IS TOTAL LOSS.MR. J. M. SMELSER.Your city needs your services asCouncilman from the Third Ward.Paris is tired of professional politicians and is calling for men who arewilling to put the city's interestabove personal profit. Come in andhelp.THIRD WARD DEMOCRATS.WILL MANAGE HOTEL."PP.nT? HITIWft STATIONOPENED IN PARIS.Sergeant R. W. Freeman. CompanyH, First Kentucky Infantry, hasopened a. recruiting office in the Sheriff's office, in thecourt house, andis ready to enlist all able-bodied menbetween the ages of eighfeen andforty-five.Come amd enlist before you aredrafted. Sergeant Freeman -will boglad Uuiiisre yo aay Informationntay desire, tWhile going through a gate on hisfarm near Paris yesterday, Mr. 'Edward Prichard's auto developedtrouble in the electrical connections.Mr Prichard got out of the machineto ascertain the cause of .the trouble.In some unaccountable manner theauto caught fire and was totally destroyed. The machine was Insured inRudolph Davis agency for $1,000.With Mr. Prichard at the time wereJack Pryor, James LUeivand SanfordI Resin.Total 1553More than 10,000,00a earnestyoung American enrolled for warservice all over the country Tuesday,flinging their answer to the insulting insinuation that we have bemoce a nation of weaklings. Governors of -all the States telegraphedthat there had been an unexpectedresponse to jthe call and that everything proceeded quietly.The manhood of the nation obeyedth President's call and volunteereden masse, setting at naught all theschemes and plotting of German sympathizers and pacifists and the fewcranks who had agitated anti-registration.The response was so readyand the situation so clear that allthe Governors had their full reportsin by Wednesday morning.Certificates bearing No. 13 wereissued to Douglas Clay, Jack Turney,Leo .Keller and. Harry Collins. Theboys are -fondly hoping the hoodooattached to13 may not strike them.They say it would have been a tossrMr. John F. Clark, of Paris, hasclosed a deal for the lease of the OilSprings Hotel at Oil Springs, inClark county. This is a very popular resort for the people of Bourbon, Clark and Montgomery counties,and has grown steadily in the publicfavor year after year.posts and fired shot .fter shot untiltIie submarine was sunk, a riddled.BRITISH HEADQUARTERS IN and battered wreck. It is not knowFRANCE. June 7 The British how many lives were lost on boardrush, this morning, on the Messines- the German vesselWytschaete ridge of the Belgian front ,took them well over the ridge, where ,they are now entrenched. The village of Messines is reported to havebeen taken early in the fighting. Itis also reported that Lenfer andZareeba have fallen and that Wytschaete have been surrounded by theBritish storming troops.The British in their attack to-dayused probably 20 per cent, more guns,especially those of heavy calibers,than they employed in the battle ofArras.More than 1,000,000 pounds ofhigh explosives was blown up underthe German forward positions. This,the mst gig'antic mining operationin the history of war, spread panicamong the Germans.The British also captured important trench positions all the wayfrom Observation ridge, southeast ofYpres, to Poleggteert wood, north ofArmentieres.WASHINGTON, June- 7. American destroyers in European waterahave completed their first month ofactive duty and so far have had nobattles with U-boats, but have rendered valuable assistance in patrolwork.WASHINGTON, June 7. War taxation of publishers' advertising receipts rather than increase of theirpostage rates was vigorously urgedMISUNDERSTANDING AS TORED CROSS COMMITTEESIn everything new there is certainto be some sort of misunderstandingabout the workings and more especially is this true of an organization. There is considerable misunderstanding about the two departmentsof the Red Cross, a local chapter ofwhich has just been organized inBourbon county. One department isfor military relief and the other is tospend it for relief and to clear upthe minds of the people the following is made .nubile by the local organization: ''.The Department of Military Reliefis designed:To furni-:n- volunteer aid to theWar Tax Bill.up if some one of them had beengiven given the No. 23.A larger percentage of the colored population registered than wasexpected. In spite of all the rumorsabout their indifference toward thewar situation, they responded justas readily as did the young men ofthe other color. The registration in' precincts Nos. 5 and 6 was especiallylarge.I Of the total number of registrants(1108 were white. Of this number667 claimed dependent relatives and441 claimed no exemption from draft.There were 409 colored registrants,of which number 221 claimed dependent relatives, and 188 no exemption from draft.bv reDresentatives of national mib-lishing interests at a conference with j slcK and wounded of armies in timeSenators who are redrafting the of war in accordance with the spiritanu conditions or the Conference ofGeneva of October, 1863, and also ofthe Treaty of Geneva of August 22,v1864, to which the United States ofAmerica gave its adhesion March 1.1882."The Department of Civilian Reliefis designed:"To continue and carry on asygtem of national and internationalrelief in time of peace and to annlythe same in mitigating the sufferingLONDON, June 7. The Americansteamship Mongolia fired four shotsat, a German submarine, which dincharged a torpedo at the liner.Neither the Mongolia nor the submarine was damaged.WASHINGTON,State DepartmentJune 7. -Thehas officially an-announced the sinking of a Germansubmarine by an American vessel,after "an hour and a half of the hardest fighting. Thirty-five shots werefired by the submarine, and twenty-caused by pestilence, famine. Are,floods, and other great national calamities, and to devise and carry onmeasures for preventing the same."The local chapter of the Red CrossMEETING POSTPONEDfive by the American vessel. Shortly j is growing daily and all who hareafter the engagement the German sub-j not already become members of the.iiicirme was seeu siuwiy sumiug, wiiu , organization SilOUlQ QO SO at OnCSthe stern in the air, being riddledby the American guns. That the submarine was one of the latest Germaninvention was shown by the fact thatit carried two six-inch guns of the, The meeting of the Girls' Hoordisappearing type. The advantage of t Guard, which was to have been heMthe battle was at all times with the this afternoon, at the Sweet Shoe),submarine, but true to the traditions has been postponed to next Tnisiaj:of the American navy 'the gunners on. ' at 3:30 p. na.,- at Ike same nlaee.the American shlp,3tuck Ho their Visitors are invitee.,.,- . .M!Iviri .-JTtlDAT, JUN9 4 MEJlG.ETWOTHE BONEWS, EARtS JKY.i KsruiyI 1ftiI31UiI iniiivr tThe Bourbon NewsTUWIhei 1M1 35 Ytirt of Continuous Publication.uMlehed Every Tuesday and Friday,ir Year... $2.00 Six Months... $1.00Payable In Advance.SWIFT CHAMP, Editor and Owner.Any erroneous reflection upon thefcaraoter, standing or reputation otmaty person, firm, or corporation whichvay appear in the columns of THE- BOURBON NEWS will be gladly corrected? if brought to attention of theeditor;lMIHaMEli Wy IMdHiTil Mkw k a .- - wADVERTISING RATESDisplay Advertisements, $1.00 pertach for first time; 50 cents per incheach subsequent insertion.Reading Notices, 10 cents per lineeach issue; reading notices in blacktype, 20 cents per line, each issue.Cards of thanks, calls on candidates, obituaries and resolutions, and,tmilar matter, 10 cents per line.Special rates for large advertisements and yearly contracts.The right of publisher is reservedto decline any advertisement or otherHotter for publication.Announcements for political officesmust invariably be accompanied bythe cash.rz:"or.iAL iiusings.Our Fish Supply.-Officials of the fish and game department of this State are trying' hard this season to stock the streamsof almost every county better thanever before, and they should havethe hearty co-operation of every citizen of Kentucky. Out of the streamsof Bourbon county is coming even,now as good aslmay be found anywhere, and food that costs but a fewcents. Each fish taken from thestreams of the county means a conservation of various other foods thatcan only be had at war-time prices,and then not in such quantities aswe have been used to securing in former years.In view of the fact that thousands' of people in the State, and hundredsj of them right here in Bourbon county, will be enabled to cut the cost ofliving a good deal during the summer months by eating fish taken fromlocal streams, greater conservation ofthe finny tribe should be the rulefrom now on. The smallest fish willsometime, if permitted the freedom ofthe waters, become large enough toedible size, care should be used inremoving it from the hook, and 5tshould be returned to the water iminediately. The bucket of minnowsstill on hand at the close of a day'ssport should not be thrown into thegrass at the side, of the stream. -Someof the minnows apparently dead mayrevive in fresh water, and the contents of the bucket should be emptiedinto the stream.Game wardens are guardingagainst "fish hogs" more closely nowthan "ever before. The man with netand dynamite and lure is coming tobe looked upon not only with disrespect, but with hatred by the general public. Taking fish in any wayrecognized by the statutes of Kentucky as illegal is stealing in themeanest form, and every case, even- where there is only cause for suspicion, should be promptly reported., Conservation of fish in the streamsof Bourbon county is another form.of getting the cost of living backwhere we'd like to have it.Male Gossips."Don't say that 1 told you" is anexpression not conii.ied to the fair.. sex entirely, as some have been in--xlinedto believe. All the gossip inIParis doesn't go on at women's clubs."Make a careful survey to-day andyou'll find evidence enough to conMet a. dozen men to each womanlouad guilty of gossiping.None of us have yet been able toIwirR why the women of this coun -"iry have been credited with doing"the major portion of the gossipping.In whispered tones in the office, thetore.' the factory and daily upon thestreet, you can find men of the"Don't say that I told you" stripehaading- out slander that is in mostf . -Jmtances far more damaging thanthe Idle talk which floats about thetables at "a bridge whist party orftads its way into the afternoon recaption. We're not condoning gosip io. any form, nor are we attempzimt to argue that the class of gossipIf , gre4itL to the fair sex isn't danger-owe We are deploring the fact thatfl - it xits at all, anywhere, and won-eriaf jut wnai gooa -purpofe'&s ever served." Tkt moment a huinw man mlwith a fw revrtc you'll ftjid jwi5?one ready tomagnoadition alittle, and -start aaWtbry btftitsrounds with the prefacev'Dont sar Itold you." Many men there "are today looking upon the dark side ofbusiness life for no other reason thanthe presence of a few men of the"Don't say that I told you" type.When a male gossip cannot bedetected in any other way you canspot him the moment he begins -toimpart a little "information" withthe request that you not tell anyonewhere it came from. "We may neverbe able to rid our neighborhood ofgossip, but we can prevent a gooddeal of it by refusing to repeat anything that comes from the "Don't saythat I told you" man.PATRIOTISM.a o? i0 mo rroaf of iw k"3Tfruitful acres, but by the men who tha snf cod. buil? a number ofcultivate them; not by its great for- ? battle cruisers that had battleests, but by the men who use them; shP suns and twenty-eight knot speednot by its mines, but by the men who ' other, rd,s' m?re f than anywork in them; not by its railways, fther cruisers in the world and gunsbut by the men who build and run stronger than those of any other cruisthem. America was a great land J"" thUS b Way ahead frwhen Columbus discovered it; Amer-j moi-vT', a ,. - j.i .. . , . .. !. t She laid down three of those vesicans have made of it a great Na- . T .. ,. ,tion.In 1776 our fathers had a visiona new Nation "conceived in libertyand dedicated to the proposition thatall men are created equal." Withoutan army they fought the greatest of vesselg eigbt tWelve-inch guns apiece,existing world empires that theyand they were golng t0 them amight realize this vision. A third of j higher speed.a century later, without a navy they j .you can conceal the speed, otcourse,fought the greatest navy in the j wnile e vegsei i3 building, butft wasworld that they might win for their wholly impossible to conceal the factNation the freedom of the seas. Half I tuat they were building twenty-foura century later they fought through J twelve-inch guns that could not otheran unparalleled Civil War that they , wise he accounted for. Great Britainmight establish for all time on this did not want other nations to knowcontinent the inalienable right oflife, liberty, and the pursuit of happiness. A third of a century laterthey fought to emancipate an op-ipressed neighbor, and, victory, won,gave back Cuba to Cubans, sent anarmy of schoolmasters to educate forliberty the Filipinos, asked no warindemnity from their vanished enemybut paid him leberally for his enemyerty. Meanwhile they offered landfreely to any farmer who would liveupon and cultivate it, opened to foreign immigrants on equal terms thedoor of industrial opportunity, sharedwith them political equality, and provided by universal taxation for universal education.The cynic who can see in this history only a theme for his egotisticalsatire is no true American, whatever so ere and their powers of destruens perentage, whatever his birth-! tion so great that anything except aplace. He who looks with pride upon ' battleship was .practically helpless bethis history which his fathers have! fore them'-Spokane Spokesman-Rewrittenby their heroic deeds, who j v eaccepts with gratitude the inheri-j Our Poor Recordtance which they have bequeathed to Tbe ft 'him, and who highly resolves to pre-, Unitcd gtates bughclgsprvA this inheritance uniniDaired I T .. . - . . .ana to pa it uu tu ,iJ A ...-. J- nH Yr flrtfAAMlonfseniargea ana enricnea, is a truuAmerican, be his birthplace orparentage what it may.hisAN TJNSHHtKABLE DUTY.It goes without saying that thegood people of Paris and Bourboncounty will undoubtedly respondwith patriotic ardor to the procla -mation of President Woodrow Wilsondesignating: the week ending June25 as "Red Cross Week," in whichall are called upon to "give generously and in a spirit of patriotic sacrifice for the support and maintenance of this work of National need."As President Wilson points out inthis proclamation, "All men, womenand children alikf- may serve, andserve effectively, by making it possible to care properly for those whodo serve under arms at home andabroad."In this war the American RedCross will be under its supreme testof efficiency. On how it will meetthis test will depend, in large measure, the success of our arms. And tinhow it is supported by the hundredmillion people at borne will its continued efficiency depend.Patriotic and whole-souled support of the Red Cross is a dutywhich no one can evade and call himself a true American. The good womei of Paris and Bourbon countyhave certainly done their share instriving to arouse the citizens to theneeds of the Red Cross and it is nowup to mere man to come across withsome of the spare change that hemay be devoting to less worthy objects. THE MOVIE SALESMAN."Seeing is believing" and the persuasive traveling salesman nowadays tries to close a deal with a reluctant customer by painting alowing picture of his "goods" in ac! tion, especially if he is selling ma-chinery or kindred products. Thesalesman of the future will have abetter trick than that. The latestdevice to aid him in making salesis a moving picture projecting outfit packed in a suitcase. Instead ofmaking a verbal agreement, he connects his ciuoma with an electriclight socket and throws on the walla moving picture of the article he istrying to sell, as it actually works.The machine can also be used toshow processes of manufacture, whereit is desirable to conceive the cusomer of their excellence.If Thomas A. Edison's Invention-does what we -hopeand trust" it -willwe move toilve him a vacation' forlife with double 'jey, and 'anythingelse he asks for. -.- mtt -ZmWORDING A NflMffiSEC'f . "-" i 7How England Cloalejtf theBuildirif ef $a new lypa ot irunr.In Europe extraordinary precautionsare taken by all 'the great powers tomask their military plans, and constant efforts are made to ferret out themilitary designs of opposing governments. Admiral William S. Sims ofthe United States navy threw an interesting sidelight ,on this phase of preparedness when testifying before thehouse committee."To show the extreme importance ofthis matter of a new type," said Admiral Sims, "when Great Britain firstbuilt these vessels (swift and powerfulbattle cruisers) extraordinary precau-tions were taken to prevent her possible enemies learning their characteristics. Great Britain had a number ofarmored cruisers, and Germany had anumDer or mem. ureac uruam KnewJ DCIO. J.1X LUC UOLllliaiCD IUCJ ItCiO tuueu. ' armored cruisers, and everybody in theivunu uuppuseu mux biuijjiy mreu inurearmored cruisers would come out, withordinary guns, which are 0.2 inch, etc.Thfiv wprfi crninsr to mount nn tliPRothat these were going to be carried bythese three cruisers. So they inducedTurkey to sign a contract for thoseguns, and a certain foreign attache inLondon paid not less than 14,000, or$70,000, to officials of the companies toget to look at their books and assurehimselFthat the guns were being builtfor Turkey. Of course they pesteredTurkey to find out what she wantedwith twenty-four twelve inch guns, butin the meantime the vessels were completed and the guns mounted beforeforeign nations knew that a radicallynew type of vessel was in existence."The British wanted to get that type'out because In any conflict with another navy that did not have similarvessels the British would have a greatadvantage. Their scouting power wasacre. In Germany it is 183 bushels.', Tb(J nverage yield of wheat here is 15.0bushels. In Germany it Is 32. Theyield of oats here is 37.4. In Germanyit is 44. The yield of barley is 29.7. InGermany each acre produces thirty-sixbushels.But German fields did not alwaysyield such bountiful crops. Thirty-fiveyears ago Germany raised only 110bushels of potatoes, nineteen bushelsof wheat, twenty-five bushels of oats; and twenty-three bushels of barley to' the acre. The German soil is poor.'I he German climate is unfavorable tosuccessful agriculture. Yet by a careful study of the subject of fertilizationit has been possible to increase theirproductivity by GO per cent Philadelphia Ledger.Th Pockt Stage.It may fairly be claimed that humanity has within the past hundred yearsfound a way of carrying a theater inits pocket, and so long as humanity remains what it is it will delight in taking out its pocket stage and watching"the antics of the actors, who are solike itself and yet so much more interesting. Ferhaps that is, after all, thebest answer to the question, ''What isa novel?" It is, or ought to be, a pocketstage. Scenery, light, shade, the actorsthemselves, are made of words and.nothing but words, more or less cleverly put together. F. Marion Crawford. Crows and Cropi. ,The biological survey of the depart-ment of agriculture has investigatedthe relation of crows to man. The essential conclusions are that crows areabout equally beneficial and injuriousand that they are not so wary and sagacious as not to need legal protection.Lack of this, while not endangeringthe species, will permit farmers to protect their crops or other property whenever necessary.Worse Still to Come.Henderson What makes you soblue? Sanderson My wife's bread's afailure. Henderson Is that all? SandersonAll? No; somethingworse Iscoming. Henderson What? SandersonA week's ordeal of bread pudding. Puck.Then Ma Sent Willie to Bed. . !"Pa, what is a filibuster?""A filibuster is an attempt to talk aplan of action to death, my boy." - '"I see. You married into one, didn'tyou, pa?" Detroit Free Press.A Bit of Sentiment."Why all these toots as you pass thatvillage?" inquired the fireman."Toots is my wife's pet name," explained the eugineer.-Pltteburgh Post.Worry poisone tbe mind just asrauch.ii a deadly drug potion the bedy-'amf-oti mm micij, -- oa. aul. - 1- mw Htf -' Is 3."ViWT.!?-" - :onlytire atBut anisn't a wheelbarrowyou ride on four tires.One Diamond Tire savesyou a lot and gives you a lotmore service for the money.Four Diamonds multiply thatsaving and service by four.BEBLE MUST BEREWRITTEN, SAY GERMANS!According to a copy of the Germannewspaper, Kerzzeitung, of Berlin,received at The Hague, the Germansare going to re-write thj Bible. Thearticle says:"If. a'ny further proof vere neededof the immeasurable superiority ofthe Germans, intellectually and morally, over the rest of mankind, it isto be found in the mental attitude ofour people toward the Bible as compared with that of other nations."The English regard that book astheir most valuable commercial asset, and use it mainly as a form of 'barter with savage tribes for their (good will, their assistance, and thesupply of their natural products, and jin England itself it is exploited sole-ly in the propagation of that spirit othypocrisy which has stood the British in such good stead for ages tohoodwink and despoil other races."It must be one of our first taskson the conclusion of tin's war, whenGermany shall arise out of it renewedin power and vitality like anotherphoenix, to set a board if qualifiedexperts to work to produce, not onlyfor our own benefit, but also for thatmoral uplifting of mankind, a new,a more glorious, a purer Bible, instinct with the German " spirit ofKultur and morality."KENTUCKY DEATH RATE14.3 PER 1,000 POPULATION.During January, February, Marchand April, the death rate in Kentucky was 14.3 per 1,000 of population, as shown by the report of theBureau of Vital Statistics of theState Board of Health just published.Deaths for the four months, excluding stillbirths, totaled 11,386.The greater number of deaths, 3,248, was of persons 65 years old andover. Deaths of infants under 1 yeartotaled 1,937, and those of childrenfrom 1 to 5 years totaled 918.Pneumonia took the largest tollof any disease, 1,639 deaths beingcharged up to this malady. Tuberculosis claimed the next largest number of victims, 1,512. Measles, whichwas epidemic in many part of theState and materially interfered withschool attendance, followed thirdwith 539.Among other deaths attributed topreventable causes were the following: Violence, 449; whooping cough,121; pellagra, 80; diphtheria 93;scarlet fever, 13; nontubercular meningitis, 178; typhoid fevtsr, 100; lagrippe, 372; smallpox, 2; hydrophobia, 1; malaria, 22; infantile paralysis, 11; syphilis, 394.THE STATE'S FINANCES.The balance- in the State Treasuryat the close cf business May 31 was$954,489.95, as follows:Sinking Fund, $131,921.67; SchoolFund, $69, $88. 57; University ofKentucky, $1,394.79; General Expenditure Fund, $751,394.92.Outstanding, interest bearing warrants May 31v. $4,486,857.86-; outstanding, interest bearing warrantsApril 30, f 4,2 59,4.77.31..One nice thimfc about a gardenthere Isn't a tate Uw against aymember of ;the Jamily fcbelnr it.if.DiamondTiresMost peopleGet Diamond SqueegeeTread Tires with the blacktread and red sides get thelong life and unusual servicein (this specially woven) fabricexpertly combined with rubber that is alive with resilientresistance.You may need only one tire today.Get a Diamond. Keep on until youare riding and saving on four ofthem.think of onea time-automobileEvery Diamond Tire must deliver full valueIf ever a Diamond Tire fail, a cheerful, willingwill be promptly made.Diamondst TiresC. S. BALL GARAGECor. 4th & Pleasant Stsn Paris, Ky.THE PLEDGE TO THE FLAG.Flag of our "Great Republic!"hallowed by noblest deeds and lovingsacrifice Guardian of our honor; aninspiration in every battle for theright whose stars and stripes standfor beauty, purity, truth, patriotismand the Union.We salute thee and for thy defense,the protection of our country andthe conservation of the liberty of theAmerican people, we pledge ourhearts, our lives and our sacredhonor.Another nice thing about a farmis just as many as can get on it without crowding can make a living.L. & N. TIME TABLEEffective Sunday, April 22, 1917, 12:01 a. m.TRAINS FROM ARRIVALNo.134- Lexingion, daily except Sunday , 5:18 m34 Atlanta, daily 5:25 am25 Cynthiana, daily except Sunday 7:35 am10 Rowland, daily except Sunday 7:3 am11 Maysville daily except Sunday. , 7:38 am40 Lexington daily except Sunday - , .. .7:40 am211 Maysville, Sunday anly 8:00 amTIO Rowland, Sunday only 8:05 amI4G Lexington, Sunday only T 8:10 am17 Maysville, daily except Sunday .' - 9:50 am37 Cincinnati, O., daily .'. 9:52 am12 Lexington, daily i 10:12 am33 Chicago, daily .. . 10:17 am26 Lexington, Daily Except Sunday .- 12:00 nr29 Cynthiana, Daily Except Sunday ... 2:55 pm9 Maysville, Daily Except Sunday .... 3j0jJ pm138 Lexington, Daily .... - 3ip m38 Knoxville, TennDaily 3:15pmM Maysville, Daily 5:40 pmCincinnati, Daily Except Sunday 5:50 pm14 Lexington, Daily Except Sunday 6:18 pm32 Jacksonville, Fla., Daily .- ., :33 pm214 Lexington, Sunday only f :.9:20 pm239 Cincinnati, Sunday only 9:30 pm31 Cincinnati, O., Daily 10:38 pm130 Lexington Daily 10:23 p mTRAINS FOR LEAVEno. ?rcf BFrSsa -16 Maysville, Daily except Sunday 5:30 am34 Cincinnati, waily 5:30 am40 Cincinnati, daily except Sunday 7:45 am11 Lexington, daily except Sunday ., 7:47 am10 Maysville, daily except Sunday 7:48 am211 Lexington, Sunday only 8:10 am?40 Cincinnati, Sunday only 8:20 am25 Lexington, daily except Sunday s 9:55 am37 Knoxville, daily 9:57 am133 Lexington, daily i rr... 10:20 ami33 Jacksonville, daily - 10:22 am18 Maysville, daily 12:04 pm26 Cynthiana, daily except Sunday . ..12:05 pm13 Lexington, daily except Sunday 3:17 pm38 Cincinnati, daily .- - 3:20 pm39 Lexington, daily except Sunday .5:57 pm9 Rowland,. Daily except Sunday 6:00 pm14 Maysville, daily except Sunday :33 pm32 Chicago, daily 6:38 pm30 Cynthiana, daily except Sunday 6:48 pm139 'Lexington, Sunday only 9:38 pm118 Maysville, Sunday only 9:30 pm214 Maysville, Sunday only -. 9:30 pm239 Lexington, Sunday only 9:38 pm209 Richmond, Sunday only 9:40 pm119 Rowland, Sunday only '. 9:40 pro129 Lexington, Daily .": 6:35 pmNO. TRAINS ARRIVE FROM2 Frankfort, Ky., Dally Bx. Sunday -....- r 7:M a.4 Frankfort, Ky., Daily Ex. Smaday.. -; - i:6t-p. a- ;& J.RAIN DRPART FOR- Y FraakfOjrtiTXy., Daily Mx. SoeUtey- 5.. .-.....,... a.. -: - -'tfnti&mli Ky., -Dally x. Swift-..,. I. u. '..... i... Vi!l ""Save more!in service.adjustmentBlackTread-RedSidesMEXICANS WANT TOENLIST IN IT. S. ARMY.Hundreds of Spanish speakingyoung men registered at El Paso,Texas., Tuesday. Many are Mexican, citizens who will be exempt frommilitary service.One Mexican, 39 years old, insisted upon being enrolled, declaring'he wished to fight for "Tio Samuel(Uncle Sam)."Four patrolmen guarded the international . bridge to prevent slackersfrom going to Mexico.The suggestion of a Columbus cartoonist that we "put the hoe in Hohenzollern" isn't out of place.tTsrs '5..'&'PHIDAY, JUNE 8, 117.THEOfouRBOJJBWS, PARIS, KY.s .ANNOUNCEMENTSWe are authorized to announce thegopd Democrats below as candidiateat the Democratic primary on August4, 1917, to fill the offices to whichthey aspire:FOR STATE SENATORLEE WAINSCOTT,Clark County.GEORGE HON,Clark County.ABRAM RENICK,Clark County.FOR REPRESENTATIVE.C. M. THOMASi FOR SHERIFF.WILL G. McCLINTOCK,,T"iui Doc Marshall and Bob Gilkey asdeputies.L. A. SOPER,With D. E. Clarke and L. C. Ashcraftas deputies.FOR COUNTY JUDGE.GEORGE BATTERTONC. A. MCMILLAN.FOR COUNTY ATTORNEYDAVID D. CLINE.WM. GRANNAN.(COUNTY SUPERINTENDENT OFSCHOOLSJ. B. CAYWOOD.MISS MABEL ROBBINS.FOR JAILERGEO. W. JUDY,THOS. TATJL,JOHN H. DOTY,WALKER KISER,C. T. MASTERSON,"W. O. BUTLER,JOHN W. KING,J. W. HART.FOR ASSESSORWALTER CLARK,ei Paris, with Jno. J. Redmon, of North,liiddletown, as deputy.GEO. D. SPEAKES,o Paris, with Lee R. Craven, of LittleReck, at Deputy.FOR MAYORW. O. HINTONE. B. JANUARYFOR POLICE JUDGECLAUDE P. REDMON,J. W. BROWN,P. A. THOMPSON.HARRY L. MITCHELL.ERNEST MARTINFOR CHIEF OF POLICE.JAMES H. MORELAND.W. FRED LINK.For Rent.Nice ground floor room in residenceon Pleasant street near Tenth, convenient to L. & N. station and postcffloe. Only deirable roomer wantedGas, bath,tc. Call this office.LOSTSomewhere on the streets of Paris,or between Seventh street and theParis Cemetery, a work basket containing an embroidered gown, silverthimble, scissors and tatting bobbin.Finder leave at this office.LOST.Somewhere on Main street, or at theParis High School, a child's small goldand coral pin. Finder please returnto NEWS office.LOST.In the Paris Grand Opera House,or on the streets of Paris last Saturday night, an aznethys elipticaL-shap-edtie pin, in gold setting, hlgkly, prized as a keepsake. Finder leave at thisoffice.FOR SALEOne hundred whisky barrels, suitable for using for pickles, or for use insetting out tobacco plants.. CallTHOS. AHEARN,(16) Cum. Phone 1017, Paris, Ky.For Rent.Nice 4-room flat with water, gas andelectric lights, over Cahal's BarberShop. Most convenient location inParis. Apply to(tf) CAHAL BROS.For Sale.Several used automobiles. Thesecars are all in good condition and canbe bought right for cash.DICKERSON & DOUGLAS GARAGE.3-tf)Wool Wanted... We are In the .market for your wool.'Get your sacks at the IndependentTobacco Warehouse.(1-tf) CLARK jk YOUNG.Scrap Iron Wanted.I am paying fifty cents per hundredfor all kinds of scrap iron- Not lesstham 1.000 pounds. Tkis material canfee elchjt ny-eity scales. This Is;to ieUrere4 tcutkecars on the, Lou-is.Tile-;!r$ashTiU tracks, oppositeitkfc' -- -Call mi over the Cumberland 'pfcentI47-J... VIUX,MIWCH,DOIHG THETJt ITOTY.Score of -Parii Header Are Learning the Duty of the Kidneys.To filter the blood is the kidneys'duty.When they fail to" do this the kidneys are weak.Backache and other kidney ills mayfollow.Help the kidneys do their work.Use Doan's Kidney Pills the tested kidney remedy.P,aris people endorse their worth.Mrs. John Mastin, 1439 High St.,Paris, says: 'JI have used Doan'sKidney Pills with very good resultsand I can tell from the help theywere to me that they would be beneficial in other cases of kidney trouble.I had a dead, dull ache across thesmall of my back and my kidneyswere Irregular in action. Doan'sKidney Pills rid me of these complaints and I have faith enough inthem so that if I should need a kidney remedy, I would certainly takeDoan's"Price 50 cents, at all dealers. Don'tsimply ask for a kidney remedy getDoan's Kidney Pills the same thatMrs. Mastin had. Foster-MilburnCo., Props., Buffalo, N. Y. (adv)BREAD FROM BUDS.A great number of substances neverbefore used- for the purpose havebeen tried as breadstuffs since thewar scarcity of grains began to makeitself felt. Two brothers in Germanyare now reported to have perfected amethod for making flour from springbuds of lime and beech trees." Theflour is said to be about as nutritiousas barley and to yield large byproducts of fat and animal fodders.It is estimated that half a milliontons of the new flower can be produced annually in Germany. Thedifficulty is in gathering buds.SOUR STOMACH.This is a mild form of Indigestion.It is usually brought on by eatingtoo rapidly or too much, or of foodnot suited to your digestive organs.If you. will eat slowly, masticate yourfood thoroughly, eat but little meatand none at all for supper, you willmore than likely avoid the sourstomach without taking any medicine whatever. When you have sourstomach take one of Chamberlain'sTablets to aid digestion.(adv-June)"Bike" For Sale.Good bicycle, like new. Will sellcheap for cash. Phone 9. (l-3t)FOR SALESeventy-flve barrels of old corn.Call Home Phone 370.Auto For Sale.Five-passenger touring car in Alcondition. Has electric lights andelectric starter. Tires good as new.A bargain for quick sale. Call Cumberland phone 232 Fridays and Sundays. (1-tf)Bourbon Building 8cLoan AssociationFIRST NAT'L-ANK BUILDINGIN REAR OF BANKEntrance on Fourth StreetYou Don't Have .toStoopIf You Use aGarlandCabinetRangeA beautiful IJne ef Garlantfajan 41a(ay. Ceme In' and feeJclthtm !aver.bV -'$Paris (taElectrictCo.social and: personal.Comings and Goings of OurPeople Here, There andElsewhere.Miss Belle Ogden attended thefuneral of Mr. Oscar S. Johnson, inWinchester, Tuesday.Miss Bessie Perkins,, of Lexington, is a guest of ber cousin, MissNellie Mitchell, on Henderson street.Mrs. Katherinc Davis Craig hasreturned from a visit to Miss MaryHerndon and Mr. and jtfrs. PorterNunnelley, in Georgetown.Mrs. Helen Davis and son, Jas.Davis., Jr., of Detroit, Mich., areguests of her mother, Mrs. JohnKing, on Henderson street.Miss Mattie Judy Botts has returned to her home in Mt. Sterlingafter a visit to Mrs. W. R. Scott, onSouth Main street, in this city.Miss Cordelia Oder, who hasbeen attending the Eastern KentuckyState Normal School at Richmond, isa guest of her sister, Mrs. HarryWaller, on Fifteenth street.Mrs. Charles Hukill has as guestat her home on Mt. Airy avenue.Mrs. J. Gratz Han ley and Mrs.Cochran Bailey, of Atlanta, Georgia, former residents of Paris.Miss Eugenia Fishback, whohas been a student at the KentuckyFemale Orphan Schopl, at Midway,will spend the summer vacation inParis as a guest of her mother, Mrs.Ada Fishback, on Fifteenth street.Miss Josie Alexander, who hasbeen in Chamberlain, South Dakota,for several months, came to Paris,Tuesday, for a visit to Mr. and Mrs.W. H. Anderson ard other Paris relatives. Miss Margaret Willis, of Clarkcounty, arrived in Paris, Wednesday, to reside, her parents havingmoved here. Mr. AVillis is connectedwith the Power Grocery Co., as traveling salesman.Mr. John Ardory, who has beenattending school at Center College inDanville, is at home for the summerholidays. Mr. Ardery received thedegree of Bachelor of Science at theclose of the term.Mr. Clarence Harney, of Paris,who has been a student at the University of Kentucky, graduated ,thisyear with the degree of Bachelor ofScience. Mr. Harney arrived hereyesterday to spend the summer.Mr. and Mrs. James W. Ferguson, of Mentelle Tark, Lexington,and their guest, Mrs. Butler, of Chicago, who have been guests of friendsand relatives in this city and countythis week, have returned to Lexington. Prof. C. Prentice Lancaster hasarrived from Harrison, Ohio, wherehe was a- member of the High Schoolfaculty, to spend the summer vacation in Paris with his father, Mr.Charles J. Lancaster, on Seventhstreet.Mrs. Willie Anderson Harp, director of the Paris Home School,who has been ill for several weeks,has been taken to the Massie Memorial Hospital for treatment. Mrs.Harp's condition is reported as being very grave.At the recent meeting of theWomen's Missionary Union of theElkhorn Association, held at theBaptist church in Georgetown, Mrs.O. R. Mangum, of Paris, delivered theresponse to the address of welcomeby Mrs. C. If. Huffhines, of Nicholasville. :Mr. and Mrs. Louis Mussinonwere guests of Brigadier-General andMrs. James McCracken, inNewport,from Tuesday to Wednesday. Fromthere they went o Melbourne, Ky,,to attend the wedding'oMVIiBs EmmaApple to Mr; Ernest iBrown,' whichtook place in thevMetbodist churchat eight o'clockoWedriesday evening.They made the tripsin: their automobile. (Other Personals on Page 5)BUSINESS AS USUAL.The nation is at war and there -Isno doubt but that the demands onour industries will be heavier in themonths to come. "Waste must be stopped, and certain economies must bepracticed.However, there is a difference between the curtailment of needlessexpenditures and hyterical economywhich bids people to hoard and refrain from buying the things neededto maintain life decently and comfortably. It is folly at the presenttime to hoard money regardless ofconsequences, and it is equally asfoolish to buy great stores of foodagainst a remote and theoreticalneed.The people of this city and countyand the country in general have little cause to worry about the future.Our national resources are great'.The farms will produce enough tofeed the nation, and the manufacturing plants will continue to operate at Ifull capacity.Everything points to continued industrial, commercial and farming activities. The bulk of' the seven billion dollars votd. by Congress, willbe spent in the United States. Locally we h a ve industrial, and farminginstitutions that are clamoring formore men in their" various branches,and these s institutions will be themeans of distributing, some of i thewar expenditures. There will continue to be a steady increase in business here amTelsewker'e. '- -Itriaup to lis, people of PaxJa andBourtaa county, to $rfinin;1Hn,proceed with'our usual Ham of rail?"RELIEVED ME OFMY RHEUMATISM"Franklin County Woman TellsWhat Tanlac Did.HER MOTHER ADVISED TONIC"I have received more genuine relief fromTanlac than from anythingelse I have ever taken for rheumaticpains," declared Mrs. Fannie Bridgesof Thorn Hill precinct, Franklin county, in talking about the benefits shereceived from Tanlac."I suffered from rheumatic pains forseveral years," she continued, "and mymother, Mrs. Louvisa Griggs of Madison county, Insisted that I take Tanlac. I at last concluded to try it andtook only one bottle. I have receivedmore genuine relief from Its use thananything I have ever taken."Thousands of others have come outpublicly and said that Tanlac relievedthem of pains and aches. It Is a purely vegetable tonic, designed to buildup run down people. Sour stomach,which causes bloating and belching,dizzy spells, headaches, sleeplessnessand that general tired out feeling, allare signs tuat the system needstonic.nTanlac can now be boughtfrom Varden & Son.hereMYSTERI0NS BRUTE.(Winchester Democrat)A rival of the famous "Hound ofthe Baskervilles," In the shape of awild dog, of the Shepherd type, hasbeen making its home in an obscurespot on the farm of Mr. Field VanMeter, for the past year. In spiteof all endeavors to locte her hidingplace, she has thrived and raised afamily of her own kind. This mysterious animal has been seen onmany occasions, and shot at by someof the best marksmen in Clarkcounty, but she seems to bear acharmed life. She has a wide range,for in the last few days Mr. Bedforddiscovered her and some of her offsprings among the sheep on Mr.Tom Henry Clay's farm. He went fora gun and succeeded in killing threeof the young dogs, but the old oneescaped. Mr. Ben Douglas Goff lostseveral sheep a few nights ago andseveral others in the neighbrhoodhave complained of losses in theirflocks.WHOOPINCr COUGH.In this disease it is important thatthe cough be kept loose and expectoration easy, which can be done bygiving Chamberlain's Cough Remedy.Mrs. J. H. Martin, Peru, Ind., writes,"My two daughters had whoopingcough. I gave them Chamberlain'sCough Remedy, and it worked like acharm."(adv-June)TOURMALINES.The Tourmaline Mines of Maine inthe region of Mount Mica which firstwon for America a place in theworld's gem market, are still productive especially fiine green stones beingtaken from them. The mines werefound in 1881 by'twd boys who wereprospecting more for the fun of itthan with the expectation of findinganything. They picked up aboutthirty very fine .gems in one day.These subesquently were stolen andare ald to haxe first -reappeared Inthe royal cabinet atTiehna.NEVER -NEGLECT A COLDA chill after bathing; cooling offsuddenly after exercise ond. drafts,give the cold germs a foot-hold thatmay lead to something- worse. Safetyrequires early treatment. Keep Dr.King's - New Discovery on hand.This pleasant balsam remedy allaysinflamatlon, -soothes the cough andrepairs the tissues. Better be safethan sorry. Break up the cold withDr. King's New Discovery before it istoo late. At your druggist, 50c,$1.00.CLERK INVENTS DEVICE TOSTOP CROSSING ACCIDENTS.Green D. Poole, clerk in the Southern railway depot at Taylorsville, S.C, claims to have made a substantial contribution to thfijnovement forthe conservation of human lifethrough the invention of a devicewhich will positively; prevent accidents to automobiles 'at grade" crossings.. The working of the Attachment is simpje and is explained byInventor Poole as follows:"While the car Is "running fiteenmiles per hour a white bulb showson the radiator j at twenty-five milesa green bulb, and when the driver bgins to 'bat 'em out around 60 per'-amusic box under the seat 'begins toplay 'Nearer, My God, To Thee!"BRYAN AT CARLISLE.William Jennimgs 'Bryan has closed'a costract with -the, Carlisle ,CHaii-tauqaa todUer-twQitecftureer.t,hereduring ithelweit.-of Junej;2 .CaptI&icVi(xf,.'d tha rifAni7MmiiiiiiiiiiiinmniiiininniniinlmiltmjWolf, Wile & Co.LEXINGTON,I An Extraordinary Sale jOFCOATS, SUITSAH the New GarmentsOne-Fourth to One -SUITSAt Reductions Usually Offered in July.21 Suits in navy blue, green and gold wool serges andgabardins reduced to $ 1 5.00 and $ 1 07S45 exceptional Suits of finest men's wear serge, Tricotineand English Gabardine, also Sport Suits of wool jersey inblue, green, lavendar and gold. All reduced Choiceat $25.00fitTAFFETA SILK SUITS inReduced toA. Collection oi High GradePretty New DressesOf fine quality taffeta silks, crepe de chines, georgetteand wool jersey materials. One big lot will go in- thisale at $ 1 7.50Coats at Opportunity Prices16 coats in navy blue, green, gold and shepherd checks;made in full loose flaring and broad belted styles. Reduced to . S 1 2.0022 WOOL VELOUR COATS, some of the prettiest, andchoicest styles of the season, specially adapted to summerand early fall wear; rose, gold, green and plaids. Reduced to $20.00 and $25,00Wolf, Wile & Co.LEXINGTON, KENTUCKY4tlll'HHHtltWIlllltlllllHMnAutomobile Hearse or Ambulance!I desire to announce to our friends that I can, wheredesired, furnish an automobile hearse or ambulance. Thismethod of transpertation is especially desired on long trips,the same being made in better time, and at no advan ce incost over the horse-drawn conveyance.GEO. W- DAVIS, Funeral Director.A MAN AND HIS WFE( V-z&mA mm m r JLEVY, THE DRY CLEANERCumberland Phone 40 Home Phone 169 2SENATE'S WAR TAXON MOTOR VEHICLESA war license tax schedule on motor vehicles to raise $41,000,000 Inrevenue, to be paid by owners of carsnot used exclusively for businesspurposes, was agreed upon by theSenate Finance Committee. The ratesjBxed were: Motorcycles, $2.50;automobiles costing- up to , $500,$7.50; costing between $500 and$1,000, $10; costing between $1,000and $2,000, ,$15; , costing -between$2,000 and .$3,000, $20, and' costingover, $ 3, 0 0 0, .$2 5. Exemption of popular jjrice moving picture -theatresfrom .the amusement 'taxes also wasagreed- upon. With ' its task: virtually completed, the committee ad-Jjourned over to Monday so thatTreasury experts mayjspend the timeputting4 the redrafting into legal.shape. e 'MHMMaMMMWMiaMIMfOneDropBurfcR PuMry Rm44 9 cKdt f wiafrip'"faM-M M ' V. ,anniunff "water coresaw tv luvyv AAA VMO"nrinvannh1M"dItrrhoLqloier aad other cfckk!; ones tmimM "rrt-1BBViH rICWM a m Mm1 m j4 b4HSTKENTUCKY.AND DRESSESof the Latest StyleHalf Below Regularnavy blue,blank and- gray.$30.0Qmay both derive jSaiifftionby haying their worn ahdsqtoikdgarments cleaned by u.fJThe"cost is nominal, while 'thekfture of wearing old clo&iithathave the appearance of new,conjunction with'.the knowledgethat you are, effecting a greatying, must surely a'tifr you..A phone brings uj. -RITBY GX.OSSFurmtur e PoliskWORLD'S BUIDUSTS,, CLMAM3ToufrirslUr.'Piase; -"Woodww.Automobile, JTtateh-ed Floors, an all-Tarnished Shrree.Clear, pure (aad-free from amy km.f.'Will.'-mot ratherdut;tUs it aiiMi ard,. dry, Mtemt, tmlom: ' a toiffeterllustrethm yrajt aa4aiexto ..HudeGcWiPoM-tire satiflfacr4tkn or yourRKHter wiUfsav-la rM- J , .-T'l-' j.lll9nwLgHwiiS3i - vLe.T' ' "- MieifAMOMUwillidfamA iflMteli fSfiJ1THE J. TCHBffOinC!Dr'ffrTr ii m n in mMmmTiiHFTi'SSIfitMf'"IJfiimahi3Mfcia' - V ; vX-vmtromtTHE BOURBON NEWS, PARIS, KY..FRIDAY, JUNB t, 1117,ti-Irfc!it"TVThe Bourbon News'Established 188136 YearsUnions Publication.of Con-k Bubllshed Every Tuesday and Friday.Per Year... $2.00 Six Months... $1.00Payable in Advance.WIFT CHAMP, Editor and Owner,.(Entered at the Paris, Kentucky,Poctomce as Mail Matter of theSecond Class.)wL ISBSmBSSBSeSHb!P. H. S. WEEK.SAVES DROWNING BOY. .Prompt action on the part ofHoward Cherry, fourteen years old,saved the life of eleven-year-oldJohn VanMeter Woodford, Tuesday,ast he boy was near death by drowning. A picnic was being given on thebanks of Stoner Creek by Miss Detwiller, a member of the Paris HighSchool faculty, to her pupils, nearthe site of the Chippewa Club's oldquarters. Young Woodford, whilenot one of the pupils, was present byspecial invitation. During the Jaf, ternoon while playing with a gr6upof boys and girls he got in a rowboat near the edge of the creek,which some mischevious boy untiedand set adrift. There were no oarsIn the boat, leaving the boy at themercy of the current, which wasTery swift at that point. He attempted to jump into another boat,but missed his object and fell intothe deep water, going under twice.Cherry, who was on the banknearby, realizing the Woodford boy'sdanger, quickly shed his clothes andnram to the rescue. Being a goodswimmer and strong for his age, "hesoon reached the exhausted lad, whowas going down for the third time,and pluckily brought him, half-dead,to the bank. Restorative measureswere quickly used and the boybrought back from the edge of theunseen world into which, but forthe Cherry boy's bravery, he wouldsurely have gone.Young Woodford was taken to theJkome of his parents, Mr. and Mrs.vJohn Woodford, near Paris, where'he was soon all right again. Commendation of Cherry's presence ofmind and his bravery may ultimatelyTeach the Carnegie Hero Fund Commission and result in well-meritedrecognition. He is the son of Mr.and Mrs. W. W. Cherry, of Paris.Following the regular exercises andthe delivery of the baccalaureate sermon to the graduating class of theParis High School by Rev. John J.Rice, of the Presbyterian church, theweek has been full of events for thestudents of the institution. The annual reception to the Seniors by theJuniors was an event of Tuesdaynight. Last night the program wasas follows:Music, Processional; Invocation,Rev. O. R. Mangum; Music, "TheShepherd's Boy," Orchestra; Salutatory, "Universal Training," AlbertLavin; Class Representative, "TheClass of 1917," Jolm Clay; Music,"Morning Mood;" Valedictory, "ANation's Place in the Sun," AileenEllett; Presentation of Diplomas, N.Houston Rion, Secretary of the Boardof Education; Music, "Angel's Serenade;" Address to the GraduatingClass, Prof. McHenry Rhodes, ofLexington; Announcements, Prof. T.A. Hendricks; Music, "WoodlandCalls;" Orchestra, "Stand By TheFlag."The annual Alumni reunion andbanqut was held in the High Schoolgymnasium after the conclusion ofthe commencement exercises. Attorney Oscar T. Hinton presided astoastmaster. Toasts were respondedto by Duke Brown, Merritt Slicer,Wayne Cottingham and J. ThorntonConnell. The address of welcomewas delivered by Mr. Eli Friedman,vice-president of the Association, andthe response was made by" Mr. Raymond Connell, representing thegraduating class.On Wednesday night the SeniorClass presented a clever little comedyskit, entitled "All-nf-A-Sudden-Peg-gy,"in three acts replete with humor and comedy. The characterswere in competent hands, and theirpresentation was greeted with everyevidence of warm appreciation. Theproceeds of the entertainment will bedevoted to the publication for theP. H. S. school paper, "Everystu-dent."REAL ESTATE DEALS.THE LITTLEJOHN COMPANYRESIGNS POSITION.Mr. "Oilman Lancaster, Chief of theParis Fire Department and CityElectrician, has resigned his position,to take effect at the next Councilmeeting. Mr. Lancaster stated thatat the meeting he would give reasons or his action, which would beIn the nature of a sensation. It ishinted that dissensions of a seriousnature have arisen In the department, and that some sensational developments are on the tapis.BOX SUPPER.A box supper will be given in theSpears Mill Uaptist Church to-night,the proceeds to be used for the benefit of the school. A small admissionprice will be charged. The public iscordially invited to attend.The Littlejohn Company, which"came to town" Sunday, has had afair share of patronage, despite uncertain weather conditions. Theshows are all clean and of a highorder of merit. One of the principal "attractions is the PlantationShow, also the one-ring circus,which are the center of attractionon the ground.As a testimonial to the cleancharacter of the Littlejohn Shows were-print a letter from the AttorneyGeneral of Tennessee, and the Mayorof Dayton, Tennessee, where theCompany filled an engagement recently: Dayton, Tenn., April 28, 1917.TO WHOM IT MAY CONCERN:This is to state voluntarily thatLittle John's United Shows have justcompleted a week's engagement inDayton, Tenn., and beyond questionwas one of the very best and cleanestof its kind on the road that has everexhibited in Dayton.Mr. Littlejohn, the genial manager,is a splendid, clean, upright gentleman, and we feel no hesitancy incommending him and his shows tothe public.Respectfully,B. G. McKINZIE,Attorney-General 18th Circuit Tenn.A. P. HAGGON,Mayor of Dayton, Tenn.The Paris Realty Co., has purchased of Henry S. Caywood and Wm.G. McClintock, of this city, their unimproved farm of seventy-five acres,on the Clintonville pike, near Paris,at a private price. The place adjoins the farms of Mr. ClarenceWright and Mr. Gus Christman.The Realty Company sold to Mr.George W. Stuart an unimprovedtract of land located on the Clintonville pike, near Paris, known as theThompson farm, at a private prfce.Mr. Stuart will convert the place intoa monster garden for the productionof beans of the navy and seed variety. Mr. L. B. Reid, of West Liberty,who has been visiting in Paris thisweek, sold to Messrs. Henry Caywood and Isaac Reynolds, the Reidfarm on the Stony Point pike, nearParis, at a private price. Mr. Reid'sson, who had been in charge of thefarm, has enlisted in the army,making it necessary for his fathevto dispose of the place.Immediate possession has beengiven to the new owners of the property.OUGHT TO BE PUT xONTHEHRINGLINE!OPEN HOUSE AT Y. M. C. A.The public is most cordially invitedto attend the open Louse entertainment which will be given on Mondayevening, June 11, at the Y. M. C. A.building.It is not generally known by thepublic that the Board of Directorsconducted a quiet campaign thisspring and raised the entire indebtedness of this institution. The celebration Monday evening will be onaccount of this fact. The entire arrangements are in the hands of theladies, social committee and notrouble is being spared to make thisthe most enjoyable social occasion ofthe season.An orchestra from Lexington willfurnish the music. Probably one ofthe most interesting feature of theevening will be an exhibition ofswimming by a class of boys.No personal invitations will besent out, but all jthe people of Parteand Bourbon county, who are at allinterested in this institution, aremost cordially invited to come andbring every member of the family.The hours are from eight to ten. "Things were getting rather dulland monotonous around the registration booth in Precenict No. 2, Tuesday about noon, as the inflow ofyoung patriots had slowed up somewhat. Suddenly there appeared ashadow in the doorway, and a huskyyoung railroader edged his way intothe booth.The. usual questions were put tohim, to all of which he gave satisfactory replies, until the questionwas asked him: "Are you nativeborn?" The young man scratchedhis cranium as if mentally debatingthe meaning of the question, andthen, as if playing for "safety first,"replied, very guardedly: "No sir. Iwas born in Cynthiana." He was enlightened, and retired looking rathersheepish.NOTED ORATOR TO SPEAK HERERoscoe Conkling Simmons, notednegro orator, and nephew of the lateBooker T. Washington, will deliverthe commencement address of theWestern High School, at the ParisOpera House, Tuesday night, June 12,1917. This noted speaker deliveredhis famous address on "Patriotism,"on Cheapside, Lexington, a few daysago, to a' crowd estimated at 3,000people.Two whole sections of the righthand side of the lower floor will bereserved for white people." t T T T f ! f f ft 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 II 1 1 1 II 1 1 1 1 1 j! You Take No Risk When fYou Serve Your Countryby subscribing toThe Liberty Loan of 1917With our young men willing and anxiousto offer their lives, the least we who stayat home can do is to lend our money fortheir support.You can lend your country $50 or more,thereby rendering a patriotic service andyour money will be safe.B-4 FIREInsure withW.O. HINTON &SON,AgtsRESIDENCE BURNED.I. 0. 0. F. EXEMPTSDRAFTED MEMBERSMR. CHRISTMANFOR COUNCILMANWANTED !Every Lady inBourbon CountyTo Visit OurBAKERY!EVERY DAYVISITORS'DAY!In this issue of THE NEWS Mr.John Christman the well-known florist of "Twentieth street, announces hi3candidacy for Councilman from theFirst Ward, on the Democratic ticket.Mr. Christman is a man of largeexperience in business affairs, a manof ripe judgment, and one whose occupancy of the office would be to thegood interest of the people whom hewould serve. He has announced noset platform, but it is certain thathe would devote his time and talentsto watching carefully the best interests of his constituency. During hisresidence in Paris, Mr. Christman,by his just and upright businessrecord and dealings, has shown thathe would be just as careful and conscientious in the public service as hehas been in his private- business.At a meeting of Bourbon LodgeNo. 26, I. O. O. R, held at theirlodge room in the Odd Fellows Temple last Monday night, resolutionswere adopted entitling all membersof the lodge who are in good standing who are drafted or who volunteer in the service of the UnitedStates in either the army of the navy,to exemption for the payment of duesduring the length of such service,and that they shall receive all thebenefits of membership.Judge E. B. January, Chairman ofthe I. O. O. F. Hall Committee, wasinstructed at the same meeting to arrange for the purchase of $1,000worth of Liberty Loan Bonds, andmore if occasion requires, for accountof the lodge.K. OF P.'S ELECT.ELECTED BOOKKEEPER.At the recent meeting of RathboneLodge No. 12, Knights of Pythias,held in their Castle Hall, at thecorner of Main and Third streets, thefollowing officers were elected toserve for the ensuing term:W. O. Kabler, Chancellor Commander; Harry P. Ogle, Vice-Chancellor;George B. Tillett, Prelate; IraBowen, Keeper of Records and Seals;John K. Cahal, Master of Finance;P. M. Heller, Master of Exchequer;Edgar Tingle, Master of Work; Walter Blythe, Master-at-Arms; W. R.Franklin, Inner Guard; C. W. Fothergill, Outside Guard; D. Y. L. Farley, Charles Green and O. R. Mangum, Trustees.At a meeting of the lodge, heldlast night, arrangements were perfected for attending the meeting atthe Pythian Home, in Lexington,next Sunday, June 10, which is anannual event in Pythian circles.This will be the fourth annual tripto be made by the local lodge.The Uniform Rank and the subordinate lodge have made arrangementsfor holding a Pythian Memorial Dayservice at the Paris Cemetery onSunday. June 17.Fire destroyed th residence ofMr. and Mrs. 6. T. Sauls, on the Oddville pike, a few miles from Cynthiana, together with nearly all thehoushold goods. The Are originated from a defective flue. Mr. Saulewas engaged in painting one side ofthe house while the other side wasburning, not knowing of the dangeruntil the fire almost reached him.The fire had then gained such headway that very little could be saved.Mr. Sauls held insurance on hishome amounting to $1,300, whichwill only partly cover his loss.Fire, wind and lightninginsurance.Thomas, Woodford &Bryan1 Act now! The time is limited!Farmers & Traders Bank. ' Farmers Bank, Clintonville, XFirst National Bank, v North MIddletown Deposit Bank, XPeoples Deposit Bank & Trust Exchange Bank, Mlllersburfl, JCo. - Farmers Bank, MHIersburg. JBourbon-Agricultural Bank &Trust Co. T"of Paris, Ky.4mi.u.UniiiiMuru.rt.M.tn.u.t.tt T T Tt ! t I T T 1 1 T I 1 H I l iuIBIG FIRE AT OLIVE HILL.Fire which originated In a defective flue in a Main street residence atOlive Hill, on the C, & O., sweptthrough the entire city, destroyingthe business section of the place, andalmost destroyed the residence section. Olive Hill is in Carter county,about sixty-five miles from Winchester. The buildings destroyed were occupied by thirty business firms. TheStamper Hotel, Carter County Commercial Bank, the People's Bank, thepostofiice and the telephone exchange were included. The loss Is estimated at about $75,000, with insurance of about $15,000.Y. M. C. A. BOY SCOUTS.Mr. R. Herndon Waller, of theBourbon County Y. M. C. A,, has organized a detachment of Boy Scoutsfrom the members of the institution,and is acting as their drillmaster.The boysSre being drilled regularlyby one of the officers of the NationalGuard on duty In Paris.FOR COUNCILMAN.rWILMOTH.Grecary Co.Phone 3TeMr. John Yerkes, who has forsome vears been in charge of the tbooks for the Bourbon Garage &1 Supply -Co., on Main street, has beenselected by the Board of Directors ofthe Farmers' & Traders' Bank, ofthis city,; as bookkeeper and assistant cashier, to fill the vacancycaused by the, recent resignation ofMr. Will Grimes, Avho has gone tofarming.Mr. Yerkes is a son of Prof, andMrs. W. L. Yerkes, and has had anexcellent business trailing. He isvery popular among thg businessmen of Paris, and will make a mostvaluable addition to the workingforce of the bank.FINE RECORD.Some fellows work through theweek as though they were conservingtheir energy for Sunday Tnorningsnores.Mr. Eli Friedman, sonof Mr. andMrs. B. Freidraan, of this city, whohas been a student at the University of Kentucky, has the unusualdistinction of 'gaining the grade of"A" in all his studies in the final examination for the second semester.This is the highest possible grade,and firmly establishes Mr. Friedmanas one of the brightest students inthe University. He is. a graduate ofthe Paris High School, where he distinguished himself by securing ageneral average of one hundred percent, on several occasions.We are authorized to announceJOHN CHRISTMAN as a candidatefor the Democratic nomination forCouncilman from the First Ward ofthe city of Paris, subject to the action of the voters in the State primary election, Saturday, August 4,1917.MflRGOLEN'SSPECIALS THIS WEEKLIGHTNING STROKEKILLS COWS,I "VThe Maysville papers report a far-er residing near there, with a hendieted to laying double-yolk eggs.at's real patriotiM,During the electrical storm whichprevailed over this section Wednesday night, nine cows and a calf werestruck by a bolt of lightning" op.the farm of Mr. Charlton Clay, onthe Winchester pike near Paris. Theanimals -kad sought shelter under atree and were killed instaatly.Best Grade Flour v, AA241b. sack.-....'. $.90Best Grade Granulated A AA25 lbs. for ..,......$2.40Pur Hog Lardper pound Z4cBest High Grade Coffee" 0 -perpound Z5cSpecial Prices on Fruitsand Vegetables.Home Killed Meats.MflRGOLENSSanitary Meat Market!ComingAttractionsPARIS GRAND AND ALAMOFRIDAYWilliam Desmond in"THE ICEDBULLET"By (k Gardner Sullivan.Thos. H. Ince production;"Honest Thieves"a Triange comedy.Mrs. Vernon Castle inthd twelfth episode of"PATRIA"SATTJDEAYClara Kimball Young in"Hearts Afire"World reissue feature.The favorites, Alice Joyce andHarry Morey, in "Her Secret." BlueRibbon feature. Alamo at nightMONDAY.4Fannie Ward in"BETTIE TOTKE RESCUE"Jesse L. Lasky production.-Also two Paramount productions.Hours-Alamo, 2 to 5:30; Paris Grand,7 co 1 0:30, Admission 5 and 1 0c.BRINLEYLEVERLESSCULTIVATOR!sHow Tis DifferentAnybody can adjust.Anybody can operate.Does more even plowing.Does better work.Does more work.Easiest on team.Easiest to handle.Fewest parts to wear and break.No ratchets to wear or break.Less for operator to do.Gangs will balance any weight operator.No levers to operate.No springs to weaken.- No neck weight- . . Perfectly balanced pole.;:.' 5. Simplest in construction.A Will last far longer.No masts, pivots or axles to bother.Just Compare It!C. i Ball GarageGar. Fourth art Plaaaaiit St.j - -A.1.K4- yFRIDAY, JUNE 8, 191?.VTHE BQjQRBON .NEWS, PARIS, KY.PAG1I1TOiSOCIAL AND PERSONAL.FOR THE BESTNOTHING ELSEFERTILIZERS.Swift's Tobacco Fertilizers.It pays big to use them.CH AS. S. BRENT & BRO.(may25-tf)GUARDIAN APPOINTED.In the County Court, Judge Chas.A. McMillan appointed the BourbonAgricultural Bank & Trust Companyas guardian of Robert, Aileen, Nannie, Ellen, Addie, Wallace and William Gaines, heirs of the late MrsSarah Gaines, who died at her homein this county some weeks ago.Comings" and Goings of OurPeople Here, There andElsewhere.vie, appq Tnr i,A J Miss Sarah Dedman, of Cynthi-from a visf to mT ,Tnth Pi retu?d ana, is a guest at the home of her,m VSlt t0 Mks Ruth pinnell, m aunt. Mrs. R. B. Hntohomff nn .w lncnesier.Mrs. Robert Meteer pntprtm'nmiat her home on the Lexington pike,M tTJIT , nu Richmond, where thoy were guests of' B:i!n.abf1:.(;f Cha"a" the latter's sister. Miss Cordeliaer, Mrs. Thos. P. Roche.Mr. and Mrs. V. K.. Griffin andNEW TRUSTEE.Mr. Frank Smith, who has beenschool trustee for the PalmerSchool, near Paris, having movedaway, the selection of Mr. HenryIngels as his successor, has been approved by the County Board of Education. Mr. Ingels was sworn inTuesday as trustee.INCREASEDWAGES.The Louisville & Nashville railroadhas granted all its bhopmen a substantial increase in wages, and aneight-hour day. Time and a half isgranted for overtime. The changebecame effective May 1. A large number of employes in Paris are benefitted by the increase.ICE CREAM SUPPER.The ladies of the Old UnionChristian church will give an icecream and strawberry supper in thechurch building to-morrow (Saturday) night at 7:30 o'clock. Theyoung people of the church will present a charming playlet. The public is cordially invited to attend. Anadmission of 25 cents will be charged.ATTENTION, SIR KNIGHTS!Do you remember the .oath youtook? If so, do not forget to meetat the Armory Wednesday night,June 13, to complete arrangementsfor Memorial Day services on Sunday,June 17. It is your duty to remember our deceased brothers. So donot forget to be at the Armory onSunday, June 17, at 1:30 p. m. Let'smake this a banner day.W. W. DUDLEY, Capt.AN UNSOUNDED REPORT.Somebody, somewhere in Bourboncounty, has set afloat a report thatCongress is proposing to tax eachacre of tobacco produced this year,and in years to come, the sum of?25.00.There has never been such a proposition before Congress, as far ascan be learned, according to a wellposted Paris tobacco dealer, and certainly it would not be enacted. Letno tobacco grower be disturbed bythis canard, which was evidentlystarted for obvious reasons.THINGS TO WORRY ABOUTAlmost a riot was started on thestreets yesterday when one of thevillage "cut-ups" approached agroup of Paris merchants near thePeoples-Deposit Bank with thequery: "What are soldiers doingguarding the Public Library?" Thebunch immediately became interested and took the hook, sinker and allwhen their curiosity could stand thestrain no longer. "Why," said thejoker, "They found 'bombs' and'ammunition' in the dictionary."daughter have returned from a visitto relatives in Earlington.Mr. and Mrs.-Wm. Meteer havereturned from their bridal tour, andhave gone to housekeeping on thegroom's farm near Hutchison.Mrs. Amos Turncy has returnedfrom a visit to her daughter, Mrs.Ezekiel Arnold, in Cincinnati.Mr. Rion Dow, of Des Moines,Iowa, was a guest this week of hisfather, Mr. Robert P. Dow, in thiscity.Mrs. Kate Eginton, Mrs. RugusLisle, Miss Nell Bush and her guest,Mr. Wm. Winn, motered to Paris,Tuesday, and spent the day withfriends.Misses Elizabeth Steele andDorcas Ussery have returned froma visit to friends and relatives inCincinnati. ,Miss Amy VanMcter has returned to her home near Danville, after a pleasant visit to Mr. and Mrs.John Woodford, near Paris.Mr. George T. Collins has relumed to his home in Hamilton, 0.,after a visit to his daughter, Mrs.A. R. Dennison, on Railroad street.Misses Margaret Ferguson andMary Adams Talbott, of Paris, willbe two of the bridesmaids at theFord-Waller wedding in Georgetownto-morrow.Mr. Edgar Vansant, who hasbeen attending the University ofVirginia, has arrived to spend thesummer vacation with his parents,Dr. and Mrs. J. T. Vansant.Mr. Edwin Sweeney, of Chicago,son of Mrs. J. S. Sweeney, of Paris,has enlisted in the United StatesArmy, and has been assigned to thetraining camp at Ft. Sheridan, nearChicago.Mr. B. F. Orr, Jr., of this city,whorecently graduated at the Kentucky University, has gone to Akron,Ohio, where he has a position "in theemploy of the Goodrich Rubber &Tire Co.Mr. Robert Langston, who wasbadly injured in a railroad accidentin Paris some time ago, is improving. Fears that he might have sustained serious internal injuries proved to have been unfounded.Mrs. Robert Cain, of Columbia,S. C, formerly Miss Katie GrahamThomson, daughter of Mr. and Mrs.Roger Q. Thomson, formerly of Paris,-will arrive to-day to, be a guest ofMayor and Mrs. John T. Hinton.Mr. Charles R. Hill, who hasbeen a patient at the Jewish Hospital, in Cincinnati, for several weeks,following an operation for spinaltrouble, is convalescent, and has beenremoved to the home of his sister,"Mrs. John K. Smith, in Dayton, Ky.The public is cordially invitedto attend the recital to be given inthe auditorium of the Paris CitySchool on the evening of Friday,June 8, and Saturday, June 9, bythe pupils of Miss Alice Ford'smusic class. An interesting programhas been arranged."Billie" Shropshire left Wednesday for New York City, where he social circles.and the acceptance by Miss Fordwere In French.".George White Fithian and JohnPrice are at home for the summervacation from Center College, inDanville.aunt, Mrs. R. B. Hutchcraft. on Second street.Mrs. R. B. Cameron and Mrs.Harry Waller have returned fromOder for the Conservation Conference. Miss Helen Hutchcraft has returned from Oberlin College, at Oberlin, 0., where she has been a member of the faculty during the pastschool term.Miss Margaret Cavanaugh, whohas been a highly valued member ofthe Cumberland Telephone Co.'s"hello" force for several years, hasresigned her position and has goneto Newport, to reside with hermother.Miss Lena Talbott, daughter off,Mr. and Mrs. Lunceford Talbott, ofthe North Middletown vicinity, hasbeen selected by the Board of Education as a member of the facultyfor the school term of 1917-1918 atthe Paris High School.Mr. Stanley Dickson, son ofMrs. Allie Smith Dickson, of NorthMiddletown, and Mr. Brinkley Coleman Renick, son of Mr. and Mrs. B.Renick, of Paris, were members ofthe 1917 graduating class at CenterCollege, Danville.Mr. Charlton Clay, who accompanied the Bourbon contingent of recruits to the training camp of theOfficers' Reserve Corps at Ft. Benjamin Harrison, near Indianapolis,has relumed, having failed to passthe required examination. Mr.Clay's rejection was due to someminor physical disability.Mrs. Catesby Spears was a guestseveral days this week of his mother,Mrs. E. F. Spears. Mr. Spears hadbeen a patient in the camp hospitalat Camp Benjamin Harrison, in Indiana, suffering from the effects of administration of anti-typhoid serum.He is in the Officers' Reserve Corp3at the camp.Invitations have been issued tothe society people of this section toattend the Annual June Dance to begiven at the Masonic Temple, in thiscity on the evening of Wednesday,June 20. The hours will be fromnine to three-thirty. Music for thedancers will be furnished by theSmith Saxaphone Orchestra. A goodtime is assured all those who attend.Miss Ollie Butler entertained ather home on Vine street recentlywith bridge in honor of Miss BessHolladay, whose marriage to Dr.Chas. G. Daugherty, of this city, willtake place to-morrow. The guestspresent were: Mrs. Buckner Woodford, Jr., Mrs. Albert Hinton, Mrs.John J. Williams, Mrs. Arthur B.Hancock, Mrs. J. Stuart Roberts,Misses Kate Alexander and RachelWiggins.Capt. H. Benton Kinsolving,Jr., who is stationed here as recruiting officer for the First KentuckyRegiment, is a son of Hon. H. B.Kinsolving, lately of Mt. Sterling,at present having law offices in Louisville. Capt. Kinsolving was associated in the practice of law withhis father in Louisville when theregiment was called out. He is agraduate of the Kentucky MilitaryInstitue and University of Virginiaand is a pleasant, agreeable gentleman, every inch a soldier. Capt.Kinsolving is well-known here inWESTERN UNION OFFICEMOVED ONE SQUARE.The office of the Western UnionTelegraph Co., in Paris, which foryears has been in the small room adjoining the Harry Ogden jewelrystore, has been moved to the roomadjoining Daugherty Bros., recentlyoccupied as a barbershop.The new location is just onesquare east of the old location. Theoffice has been handsomely fitted up,and makes cozy and complete quarters for the popular manager, Mr. J.R. McDonald. "Mc" is so proud of thenew place he contemplates takingup a permanent residence there.NO MORE NATURALBRIDGE EXCURSIONS.General Agent W. V, Shaw,)f the.Louisville & Nashville, is in receiptof a letter from the General Passenger Agent of the road, advisinghim to notify the public tnrouga mcpress that after the excursion fromCincinnati to Natural-Bridge nextSunday, June 10, no more Sunday excursions will be run between thosepoints.rm, cundfiv excursion from Stanford, Lexington and Maysville viaParis will continue an xnrousu iuCholds a public sale of fine saddlehorses at Durland's Riding Academy, Tuesday evening, June 12, at 8o'clock. The consignment comprisestwenty head of the finest Kentuckyhas ever produced.Mr. Ware Berry, of St. Augustine, Fla., brother of Mrs. Frank P.Lowry. of Paris, has enlisted in thaU. S. Engineering Corps, and will besent to France. Mr. Berry recentlyunderwent a surgical operation vin aSt. Augustine hospital. He willjoinhis command as soon as he Is ableto travel. Mr. Berry is a son of thelate Mr. Joel Berry, of North Middletown. Cyhthiana Democrat: "MissSusie Clay and Mrs. Webb, of Paris,were week-end guests of Mr. and Mrs.n t? Trirnhrniiffh. . . .Mr. and Mrs.Richard Welling, of Paris, were herefor decoration day Misses MaryArnold and Enice Strother are visiting relatives in Paris MissesRuth and Irene Lair are guests ofMr. E. B. Myers and family, of Paris,this week, and attending commencement exercises of Paris High SchoolMrs. Clarence Lair and son, JohnPrentice, are visiting Mrs. JamesEvans, near Paris Miss EmmaSmith, of Paris, was a guest lastweek of her sister, Mrs. John W.Taylor."Georgetown News: "Mrs. Catherine Davis Craig, of Paris, Is spending commencement with Miss MaryHerndon Miss Zillah Dawes entertained about a dozen friends informally in honor of Miss FrancesFord, whose marriage to Mr. HerndonWaller, of Paris, takes place Saturinv Delicious refreshments consisting of a salad course, followed by(Other Personals on Page 3.)season asusual. If conditionsv,.r m-nA the Natural Bridge excursion are reeumed. due notice willbe given the public through thepapers. , .It ia presumed that the road istearrimg its paswseKrollis stockia aatteifatioa of orders for Jforiastruyr to 4 tfm te mofcttixatioMunpa .., Alices and" cakes, was served. . ."Patriotism" was the keynote of the miscellaneous shower given Miss FrancesFord, whose marriage to Mr. HerndonWaller will takeplace Saturday evenlag, by Miss Frankie Thompson, tmer tiomeon South Hamilton. Thejuration and the coafectloms wereia the Katlomal eolori amd the pre-seAiaiion peec vi xwuk""igflMyDance-lovers ( 1mGet a Victrola V 'IWyVand a dozen B lHMVictor Records M WSon our easy pay- bb i ament plan and B(f H!you'll be able to I r. Ydance whenever BF J UYyou wish and I T wto the best mu- MBjfB1 sic in the world. llWEiI VIctrolu. $15 to $400 IJljflffl PDagbertyBro-iFRANK & COMPANYTHE RELIABLE STORENow ShowingNewest SummerStylesV"tmWash Skirts and WaistsWash Smocks and MiddiesLawn and Gingham DressesiEXTRA SPECIALLadies9 Wool SuitsIN ALL LIGHT SHADES$10and $15?Black and Blue Serge Suits Are Offeredat Big Price Reductions.Half. Price SaOf All Silk Suits$45.00 Suits $22:50, $35.00 Suits 17.50$30.00 Suits 15.00$25,00 Suits.: 12.50lePICTORIAL REVIEW PATTERNSFRANK & COMPANYKaltexPorch Furniture!You Wish YOUR PORCH to Look the BEST. KALTEXFURNITURE Will Accomplish This For You. -We have at last received this line of Chairs and Swings in the beautifulBaronial Brown. Every piece is practically indestructible, as every one is built onwire and the joints reinforced with steel braces. We show you one pattern here,but have many in stock to show you.Porch and Lawn Swings, Refrigeratorsy' fVudor Porch Shades are the Best!THEJ.T.HINT0NC0.MOTOR HEARSEMOTOR INVALID COACH;UNDERTAKING"EITHERPHONE"36Snm ii, i"SIXTH AND MAWSTS,rwt"".i.NV4if- '-i:-THE BOURBON NEWS,ARIS, KY.;vtktdax, jxmm I, l$i7t -J-ri :7tT r,vt -.1 -I .(f . - .:: .. -I'' -f . -V -If(frI1:1Ii!OHi-I' .ysr-JsI., ".V . "--. 'lF4rff ,JflESSSH. Fair List Prices IgggSfofeilMIFair TreatmentTime Tested -Road Tested; , fI BLACK SAFETY TREAD TIRES JpiTOSZamV taLat aaB4fi-aflaBmBl IBtf -'WViH ? Tsn IAV f - - y TTIT T.yTa! ft---III am-laUl-aBaBam- ' ' I JnJJSJliLJO OIu'-A bbbbbbbbVSb-i -&ghaaBW. aBaBaBBBaBBBBaBaaBta -g 19171&2MMMthousands of tire users from thepioneer days of the automobile, acclaimGoodrich Tires the TESTED TIRES ofAmerica on the TEST of TIME.But the Roadits Tires.the GoodrichSix fleets of Goodrich Test Cars in six widely differentsections of our country, are daily putting the ROADTEST to Goodrich Tires to bring out the BEST intires for you.The Dixie Fleet-The Pacific Fleet; The MountainFleet; The Prairie Fleet; The Lake Fleet; Tha iAtlantic Fleet.ALL belabor Goodrich Tires against every kind ofroad and every kind of climatic handicap.Millions of miles theaverage of the combined fleets is300,000 miles a week thus settle the durability andresilience of the Goodrich principle of the UNITMOLD, unbroken cure, Goodrich has always maintained was BEST for fabric tires.Buy this TESTED certainty of a lasting tire, backed upby Goodrich Fair Treatment, in Goodrich BlackSafety Treads.THE B. F. GOODRICH GO,Akron, OhioGoodrich also males the famous Silvertown Cords;the tire which ton the 1916 Racing ChampionshipAlso Vie Best Tubes Brown and GrayW re'-fen. SeaThU SjfaGMfrfchlfeM StockedHMMMNMJfatfr3 IbbBbBbVwBaaaujuvaMaVaSBVBest in the Long Run"! LAND OF INFINITE DETAILJapantis Farmers Product StvraiCrept In Small Spact.Japan might well be called the landof Infinite detail. Perhaps nowhere onearth may one see detail carried tosuch extremes as in that land, whereevery available square foot of sohmust be madp to yield every possiblereturn. Farms of .one or two acresproducing six, eight, ten or a dozendifferent crops are common sights, thesoil being fertilized and handled insuch a manner as to bring results inevery month of the year.One peasant who obtained some overflowed land turned what in this country would be waste ground to profitConverting the marshy overflow intoponds, he bred and raised snappingturtles, which in Japan are consideredas much of a delicacy as diamond backterrapin here. The farm now producestens of thousands of the snapping turtles annually, these being shipped toTokyo and Yokohama markets by theton.Japan has also a pearl oyster farm.In the bay of Argo there has been established a plantation from which aharvest is obtained.In May or June stones weighingfrom sis to eight pounds are sunk inshallow water, and In August the tinyshells begin to appear on them. Thestones remain for two months, butsince the young oysters cannot endurecold in November all rocks in less thanfive feet of water are moved fartherout, where the temperature is moreeven. At the end of three years, whenthe shells are about two inches across,they are taken from the water, nucleifor pearls inserted in them and replaced in the water, thirty of them toevery six square feet of bottom.There they are left for four years.Then, being seven and a half yearsold, they are removed and searchedfor pearls. Washington Star.ERADICATION OF SWEET CLOVERSome .farmers hesitate to plantweet clover on their farms for fearjtkey -will .have difliculty in eradicat-THE USE OETHE LIBERTY LOAN.tag it when the fields are plantedto other crops. The results obtainedannually by hundreds of farmers aresufficient proof that there is no foundation for such fear; in fact, farmers'are experiencing much difliculty incutting the first crop the second sea-on so high that the plants will notbe killed. The new crop of sweetclover, unlikeL.th.at of red clover andalfalfa must come from the budsleft on the stubble, so when theplants are cut below these buds theyr xilL.be killed. As sweet clover is&.bicnnial, the plants die as soon as tthe seed crop ifv produced.When the first year's growth ofjnpr,et clpver is to be turned underfor green manure it is recommendedthat :the field be, plowed after thertjlmts thajre, .made, 0 me growth" thefollowing spring rather than in thefall of the year of seeding. Whenthe first year's growth is plowed un--,4fr((th sane Jalh many of. tke plantsGwULnotfee entirely covered, andthese will make a vigorous growthTo the American citizen who gives! some consideration to features of hisCANDIDATES WARNED OF NEW"CORRUPT PRACTICE ACT."ttefoUonswtfnj te wlginrlas hi delayed until ;tie plants -havemade some growth the fqllowtag I'rpring not rouble will he experienced in eradicating them.THE EVILS OF CONSTIPATION.Constipation is one of the mainreasons why the average human lifeIs below 40 years. "EF&ving wastematerial in the body, poisons the. system and blood and makes us liable tosick headaches, biliousness, nervousness and muddy skin. When younote these symptoms, try Dr. King'sinvestments other than the meremoney raised by the sale of the Liberty Loan Bonds is to be devoted willprove a patriotic inducement to purchase such bonds. A certain dignityattaches to money invested In a highand noble cause.The Liberty Loan is made by theUnited States Government to purchase arms and equipment for American soldiers and sailors, food andsupplies for the American Army andNavy. The money is to be spent inAmerica for those .Americans whoare fighting America's battles on landand sea.Part of the money raised by thesale of Liberty Loan Bonds is to beloaned .to, our allies; this, too, is tobe expended In America. It is to beppent for food and supplies for theArmies of our allies-Ighting .on pur Jside on the various fronts in Europe.It is America' first contribution towards doing; bier part in the war woar engaged In.It is billions for defense in theagainat .Democracy, hut noLohe cenifor -tribute.New Life Pills They give prompt ;rest3 further inflamation.reiier, are mild, non-griping in ac-'to take., TrT , 7 . y.ui uu Efoney in the house for all colds andici me uuuiiiiCAiuu. i juur uiuS- t,rnT,iri8l trnnhlAQ Af tmir riir-a&oiipwHOOBarG- ';couge relieved;Children's diseases demand pre-.paredness. When the - child wakesryou at night gasping and stranglingfor breath, how thankful you are -tohave Dr, Bell's Pine-Tar-JIoney-. athand. This effective remedy loosensthe mucous and permits free and natural breathing. Its soothing balsamsheal the irritated membrane and ar-PleasantKeep Dr. Bell's Pine-Tarrgist, 25c.(adv-june)gist, 25c.I adv-june)rovn -ut -i,.. r -i f: uua in nuxix vxcniiuj Ths thIng of being ,.& weH-knOWnwnen a site or war was aeciarea are citizen te alL rignt ro lons M a fel.to be used by this country within low doesn,t so - well-knownfew months, giving the Kaiser's sub- that he can,fc even borrow anMarines some .home-made tragets to breiashoot at.Do You Dread Hot "Weather ?Does itutyoureneriy, disturb your itomacK or brln. . 4 JK . . . .you near prostration.' rne weu man isn't airakl ox neat.Hut itjs trying on .the weakenM bodyBUILD UP YOUR STRENGTHGtt tya jfiScwtfea la it, revere all Irritatle, eUepel allatafaatiea. Patyevrsetf ief aaape te eajoy tke itt wka ageedteek.PERUNA INVIGORATES- aaav Vfamai aec aeaaVaVeavaaHwawiHMk ILlieaM r ta Kr a:ayi - J 1- '.-Li ft"???1, g-iUia aa4 tmkym taeteaaea-.ftC fcaaieititae (eatarrh) taatnawi yea -weak; ItiraalMMaaeklaaC:aBflSeeaSlaaiSr" " eater tkeigyjjT1 y y,ri Mey to "-i$HOUSING THE MOTORCAR.It Is highly Important for candidatesforjoffice InJKentucVy.to familiarizethemselves with the provisions of tho"Corrupt Practice Act," (passed by theLegislature of 1916.It is compulsory that each candidate file with the County Clerk orproper official an itemized statementof expenses incurred during his campaign, such as printing, stationery,stamps, stenographers, rent for publichalls for speaking, and all other expenses incurred pertaining to nil election. Such papers must be filed fifteen days before the primary, and alsofifteen days before the regular election. The penalty for failing to complywith this i&w, is a fine in any sum notto exceed f 5,000, or to be confined inthe county jail not to exceed sixmonths, or- both.Thea-BQJJ$BN NEWS, has been appointed .assent in Bourbon countyto handle" and sell the Thomas Kentucky Election - Forms, which areued,-foc this -purjpoae. vWith 'theseforms.lt is no trouble .to .keep an accurate account of expenditures, etc.These forms are reserved and protected -by- law by the Cadiz Record, ofCadiz, Ky..All Candidates are required to makethese statements, and the easiest and jbest way is to purchase one of theseforms now. The price Is $1.50. Comehi and. see one, and give us your order,a'have samples to show, but willhave to send in orders to Cadiz forstock. We are going to send in anorder next week. Let yours come withthe restTHE BOURBON NEWS,(tf) Paris, Ky.It is a foregone conclusion thatEmperor William isn't going ,to getout of this war anything like asmuch as he put in it.Some fellow has truthfully saidthat the great trouble in "marriageisnot'to get what you want, but to.continue, to want what you -get,KENTUCKY TRACTIONTERMINAL COMPANYInttrurban Schedule.10:05 p. m."ParisforLexington6:45a. m.7:30 a. m.8:15.a.Mn.9:00 a. m9;45 a. m.11:15j. m.l&jpm.2:15 p. in.3:46 p. m.1:15 :;m.: y. .CARS LEAVE11:00 p. m..Lexingtonl forParis6:00 a. m.7:20 a. m.8:00 a. im.8:50 a. zn.10:20 a. m.11:60 a. m.l:2f p. m.2:50 p. m.t:U p. m;AM p. Be.JiftpaJa.;?Pw- P aSi.Some Advice on Building and FittingUp a Practical Garage."The size of the garage depends uponthe size of the car it is to be used for,"says C. H. Claudy in the Woman'sHome Companion. "A convenient sizefor most cars is 14 by 18 feet. Thiswill usually give plenty of room towork around the car. Shelf room isessential and should be all along oneside, seven feet high and one footwide. On the other side have plenty ofnails for hanging things on. At therear end, above the door, have a shelfwide enough to hold spare outer tires.At each rear corner have a three cornered closet for old clothing, etc. Atthe front corners have several threecornered shelves set in.(iA workbench is an essential feature. This should be built near a. window, so that there will be. abundanceof light Make the workbench of twoJ inch boards and have it as large asspace will permit. Do not have thesupports, or legs, come down straightto the tioorr as they will be In the way,but slant them back to the walL Makedrawers to slide under the bench forholding nails, tools, etc. A tool chestof common and useful tools under thebench is a good friend. Have twoelectric ligbt extensions; also a handelectric searchlight"A life saying equipment is a lengthof garden hose that will fit over ,theexhaust pipe of your engine. Whenthe engine is running, with doors andwindows, shut, fit one end of the hoseover the exhaust pipe and put the otherend outside through a hole previouslymad fprtbat purpose. This -may prevention f ronv belngj.aspjiyxlated, asthe gas from-itho exhaust is very poisonous and has beeiir known to causedeath."Celemela the Hebrew Jleauklle.ColoambIais jthr.vruawayridauhtrof Spain. She is twice as large her'mother and many times as promising.And it may surprise you to learn thattfaeneitiprfresslveelemep( in Colombia is not the Spaniel-population ortne natives, but a' Jewish people calledAntioquians, wb.o have Old.jfestamentnames, raise lamilies of from twelveto thirty children and are fast becoming the dominant power in the land,both In numbers and influence. Colombia is the great Jewish republic' ofthe near future. Dan Ward in WorldOutlook.A Stump Jump Plow.In western Australia they use a special type of plow called the "stumpJump," on account of the fact that nearly all UiQ areas susceptible of cultivation in that region are heavily wooded,and the land cannot be cleared ofstumps and roots because of the dearthand high cost of labor. The stumpjump plow, which is the invention ofan Australian, Is so made that it willroll over stumps and other obstructions lying on the ground.I1111"" ,",t,i,,,,f,,rmiiiiiiiiiiiniiiiiSPECIAL!Ladies' Black Kid, White WashableKid TopLadies' Brown Kid, White WashableKid Topii?a.-$5:95"-VRegular $8.00 Values3rWe have about 30 pairs of bothwhich we are closing out Comewhile 'we have your size.HARRY LINVILLE!M"M"1"H"M I H"l MMHI H-HGardening.The way to keep up the interest ingardening is not to do the same thingyear after year. That is monotonous.Try the new. .fruits, vegetables andflowers. Hold to the old, tried and truefor mainstays, if desired, until the newprove that they are what is wantedto entirely displace older varieties.New York Sun.LOOKALMOST GIVING THEM AWAY!$20.00 Suits For $13.98Bis values in Silk Satin and Serge,green, sold, blue, black andmany other colors-Special at $13.98A large number ofLadies' and Misses'Hats Up" to $5.00GO AT$1.49twin Bros. Department StoreStvmb m mm $t$. paw$, KentuckyiSPECIALSFOR A FEW DAYS!We Are Offering Real Bargains InMEN'S SUITSSee the values, which are on display in our windows.iKKOO, $12,50, $15.00. ... YouUUave frorir$2.50 to $5.00.Be SureandBuy Some of the.,Shirts. AVe Are Selling For95 Cents.-They .are $1.50 Values.TWIN BROS.Clothii and Shoe Dcpt.L. Wollsteia, ?rMSizaa."I wlsliA ton -of a&-pteue." A"Yes, madam. What atee?""Dear naerI dlda'tknow coal camaIn alzea. I wear a No. 8 aboa and a No.C flove." Loniarilla Codrkr-JouraaUState of Ohio, City of Toledo.Lucas County, ss.Prank J. Cheney makes oath thathe Is senior partner of the firm of P.J. Cheney & Co., doing business inthe City of Toledo, County and Stateaforesaid, and that Bald firm willp?y the sum of ONE HUNDREDDOLLARS for each and every case ofCatarrh that cannot be cured by theuse of HALLOS CATARRH- MEDICINE. PRANK J. CHENEY.Sworn to before-me and subscribedIn my presence, this 6th day of December, A. 4)., 1886.A- W. GLEASON,(Seal) x Notary Public..Hall's Catarrh Medicine is takenInternally and acts through the blood1on thV Mucoua Surfaces of tk ayatem. Send for testimonials, free.P. J. CHENEY & CO., Toledo, O.Sold by all druggists, 75c.v Hall's Family Pills for constipation. (adr-jume).a.TOjBMlMthfiwm.rwmrMmmT&w&m,r- . , ,, -vviiaEtfuucevtnia occaaiom to ax- i - KaVJAn Inatana af WamaVaftuBartarStvTO VWA4ai1,lMtllt I . 99mmmmm aH""" " . . zrr. " :""" fA. ..a.iAt..: fr' Kt. I - r ' raaaaaajw wmwv m BBBn aaaaam waaaaaaaaiaBBaaa bit v.. bi a rai bv --- b,t&. baba .mm. m m ..m bw m. ab. i b b m bbbz -- p kl.i mm. mbb. bbbk.vbbbbk' bi m b bbbbbbvTfy a Package ofDarling'sMeatCrispsFor Your Little CbickensIt is Just the Thing.For Sale byW:CDBD80NfVx ray" Iflili my raaattfc. - -VCT I '- aa F.7M. , .iVlwJSWWJa- I "Tilt liflalt tf Ottal CM KaaaajBw 3 v r -r ."j-.j n- - - -. h - i - jBaaaaaaW. i - fc " ' " 'v V -- " - CIjaaaaaaaaaaaaafciaaBfcjfciiea-gjtz--J.aa i . . ., ,- .itm'tL. i' av f rihtf wfciltifiM'iiii i, iriJ.t - - Sk. trtm limim'ni"ttmtfiir' -?!w.4K-t,-iiif- "s iJP: 25 . - -tA 'j? sa tGb 'tes - - " . Jr jt. -a . .... . mu . .. . i- aaaf.95 VFRIDAY, JUNE 8, 117.- -JOTE BOITRBON NRWL PAms wv.a"- - -cjfedp "K&3- fV,:jtif vryrTiafc. te-- ;-ivg. S . t fa-y " v- eGC??,ftlifcSmJ;-rTime toRe-tire?BuyFiskNon-Skid TiresMADE in three styles to meet the requirementfof every car owner the all Grey, the Blacktread with grey side walls, and the famous RedTop (name registered) Tire de Luxe. Users of thesetires know by actual road experience that there isn'tany greater dollar-for-dollar tire value anywhere.When you pay more than Fisk prices youpay for, something that does not exist"Fisk Tires For Sale ByIRA PARKS & SONC. S. BALL GARAGESIGH) EXAMINATIONFOR TUBERCULOSIS.Dr. J. H. Elliott, of Toronto, whohas had charge of the tubercularsoldiers returned from the war frontto Canada, said before the meetingif the National Association for theStudy and Prevention of tuberculosis,which met in Cincinnati last week,that the most rigid examination ofrecruits should be made for the disease and none accepted for the .armyalio had even a slight tendency tothe disease, as the stress and griefsof war would develop it very quick-LAMPTON'S LAST POEM.The last contribution to the pressby Col. Wm. J. Lampton, noted Kentucky writer and poet, who died suddenly in New York last week, appeared in Wednesday's issue of theNew York Herald, tho same day hedied. The poem was as follows:"THE TLAG- IN SIGHT."Go fling the Starry Banner out innationwide display and fix it fast,nailed to the mast, for it has come tostay! Go, fling it to the skies, whereall may see that Liberty rejoices asit flies! Go. fling the Starrv Bannerly. When France hurriedly moboliz- ontI "ing it forth on high thated her army, very little attention was ' ifc may shine along the lines as FreedDsAd to the examination for tuber- ,dom marches by! Go. fling theculosis and the result is that fully150,000 soldiers have been invalidedhome with the disease to furtherspread it unless the utmost cautionis observed. He also gave it as hisopinion that before the war is over500,000 soldiers would have become5ncapacited from the disease. England has profited much by France'ssad experience and observes the geratest care in the examination of recruits by the most expert physiciansobtainable. The Kentucky Tuberculosis Commission, with Dr. W. L.Heizer as Executive Secretary atFrankfort, is now engaged in takingp. full survey of- the doctors of theState with a view of producing experts in tuberculosis to see that noman with tendency to the disease i3accepted for the army to becomewhen it is developed a tax on its resources and a menace to his comrade."Why is it that we spoil a turnipby cooking It and eat our radishesraw?Starry Banner out, to pass the wordalong to all the world that it's unfurled against the Prussian wrong!Go, fling the Starry Banner out, announcing that its call shall alwaysbe Equality for men and womenall! Go, fling the Stariy Banner out,the emblem of the free! By rightdivine the living sign of worlddemocracy!"W. J. LAMPTON."KENTUCKY EEAL ESTATEVALUES $921,988,476.The equalized value of the real estate in Kentucky made by the StateBoard of Equalization for 1917 is$921,988,476, an increase of ?20,457,098 over the assessments madeby the county assessors. This equalized assessment is an Increase of $23,934,040 over the 1916 assessment.The total increase for this and lastyear Is $45,939,547. The board'swork was completed this week. Itwill be taken over by the State TaxCommission. .How Does HeStand at the Bank?That question often is asked,is it not? If a man stands wellhis words carry weight. He isa factor in the community.Everybody will stand well atthe bank if he or she depositssurplus cash.We are openingcounts daily.new ac'Our system of loans and interest is liberal and simple.We invite a call. ,Farmers' & Traders' Bank. P. KISEftPrwMMtW. W. MITCHELL, Cashier.WM. GRIMM. Bookkeeper.. - "tP:T Stind Main StrciUT PkHRg:FASHIONATTHEMESWOOL JERSEY AND SATIN ARETHE LEADING MATERIALSUSED.BATHING SUIT ACCESSORIES.NEW YORK, June 7, 1917.Yellow sands and cool, breezyshores will very soon begin to drawthe usual crowds that flock to theseaside in the summer months.This season sees the bathing suitscarrying out the same colorful notethat predominates in all sportsclothes, and in materials there is alsoa similarity, namely, in the use ofone of the most favored of fabrics-nool jersey. This versatile materialseems to make itself at home in anysphere. After having made its importance felt in sports clothes, onepiece frocks and semi-formal suits,the bathing suit has been lately added to its conquests. Yet, other materials compare Very favorably withjersey cloth at the fashionablebeaches. Black satin has lost noneof its usual charms; taffeta, mohair,are 'mostly of the kind that is slipped on over the head, .with, an opening only at the neck. Some of thenewest ones are knitted to fit closelytTfIBraid-trimmed Suit of Wool Jerseyat the waist, with the top and thelower part knit more openly. Theyare usually hip length. Knitted insilk, these look more like waists thansweaters. Orange, rose, light greenand royal blue are very prominentcolors, sometimes relieved by whitelinen, gabardine, flannel or silkskirts.There is a wonderful variety ofseparate skirts for sports wear andgeneral use. The models are boxpleated, side pleated, gathered orplain, cut in two or three pieces, andgenerally carrying large pockets.SLOAN'S LINIMENTFOR RHEUMATISM.The pain goes so quickly after youapply Sloan's Liniment for rheumatic pains, neuralgia, toothache,lumbago, sprains, andit lr so easy touse. It quickly penetrates andsoothes without rubbing and is farcleaner and more effective thanmussy plasters or ointments.Keep a bottle In the house and getprompt relief, not only from allnerve-pains, but from bruises,strains, sprains, over-exercise and allexternal aches. At your druggist,25c, 50c, $1.00.( ad v-June)Black Satin Bathing Suit with. Bandof StripedSatinalpaca and poplin still retain theirpopularity; and the rubberized clothsare likewise favored to a great extent. IT the one-piece slip-on frocks havebeen a success in our every-day life,the same style adapted to bathingsuits is still more successful. Onecould ask for nothing more practicalthan the one-piece bathing dressworn over bloomers, and to it may beadded all the prevailing fashion features. There are suits of this typedecorated with embroidery, withdeep trimming bands, large pockets,and with girdles arranged accordingto the latest whims of Fashion.Following out one 'of the late stylesin skirts is the bathing suit illustrated with deep band at the lowerpart. This band is stitched at thefront and back, but the sides areloose to give the effect of bulgingpockets or an adaption of the barrelidea which is still exploited by certain designers. This suit is of blacksatin with the band of striped satin.The second sketch shows a chemisebathing suit fashioned of wool jersey with a trimming of braid, andthe pointed pockets and long, softgirdle which are featured again andagain in the frocks of the hour.White Turkish toweling with alight blue border trims a dark bluetaffeta suit very effectively, formingthe sailor collar and a band at theedge of the skirt. White pique andtussur silk, collars appear on manysuits, and braid is a very populartrimming.Bathing Suit Accessories.A complete bathing outfit by nomeans ends with the selection of thesuit. Beach wraps, hats and caps,shoes and stockings, are quite -as important. There are sets of matchinghats, shoes and huge bags which areconsidered very smart. Rubberizedsilks in plain colors, as well as striped and flowered effects, are especiallyattractive for the beach wraps, whichare usually made with very largecollars.In hats and caps, the choice liesbetween round sailors "with straightbrims and rather high crowns, andthe small close-fitting rubber caps.Tam-o'-shanters and the Chineseshaped hats are also seen a greatdeal. On many hats and caps thereare novel ornaments of rubber inbright contracting colors., Some New Sweaters.To be without a sweater at thesea-shore is almost a? bad as beingwithout a bathing-suit. The knittedwool sweaters madewith body aadsleeves in one seeneto be at theWILSON SUBSCRIBESTOR $10,000 BOND.President Wilson has joined In theLiberty Loan by subscribing for a$10,000 bond.Writing to Secretary McAdoo, thePresident said:"May I no; send you personally mysubscription to the Liberty Loan,which I make with great satisfactionand with the wish that it might bea great deal larger."iitit-ttfftMtmintiMHniniiitTUB DRESSESdecidedly the vogue for Sua--mer, have a prominent place- illMcCallDesignsFor June1ittMJSBSSSSSSSSSSSIatswkWk-fllilThe simplicity ofMcCall Patternsfor these smartlittle Summerfrocks appeals toThe HomeDressmakerThe McCall Cutting and Construction Guide,furnished FREEwith each pattern, insures aperfect -fit tinggarment.McCALIr PATTERNS FOR JUNENOW ON SALEMcCall Patterns WaistNo. 77f. Mlit No. 7767.Man other new designsfor JunemMmkiwZWmiStemtWMsw-'HI AsTM ntm "McCall Tattern No. 7737.Many other attractivedesijrns for JuneHARRY SIMONh 1 1 ii i i i ii 1 1 f tin t n m n t jOPPORTUNITY!Mr. R. F. Clendenin, Associate General Agent forthe Northwestern Mutual Life Insurance Company, inone day recently, sold $100,000 worth of life insuranceover local and long distance lines of the Home TelephoneCompany and because of such an amount of businessaccumulated in one day, he divides the honors with usfor the efficient telephone service rendered. This is asplendid record for both Telephone and Insurance Companies. Mr. Clendenin says; "The service I get from yourCompany is all that I could ask, and on the closing dayof my campaign I used it with wonderful success."Such an opportunity in facilitating business shouldbe grasped by the public in general in employing co-operation,efficiency and confidence.Paris Home 'Telephone 8 Telegraph Go.(Incorporated)J. J. VBATCH, District Manager.W. H. CANNON. THOMAS R. WMITH,Local Manager. Cashier.CHOLEKA MORBUS.This is a very painful and dangerous disease." In almost everyneighborhood someone has died fromit before medicine could be obtainedor a physician summoned. The rightway is to have a bottle of ChamberIain's Colic and Diarrhoea Remedyin the house so as to be preparedfor it. Mrs. Charles Bnyeart, Huntington, Ind., writes: "During thesummer of 1911 two of my childrenwere taken sick with cholera morbus. I used Chamberlian's Colic andDiarrhoea Remedy and" it gave themimmediate relief."(adv-june)SICK WOMAN HADCRYING SPELLSRestored to Health by LydiaE.Pinkham's VegetableCompound.Enhaut, Pa. "I was all run down andweak inwardly. I had female troublesana nervous feelingsand my head bothered me. I wouldoiten nave cryinspells and feel asI was not safe. IfI heard anyone coming I would run andlock the door so theywould not see me.I tried several doctors and they did nothelp me so I said tomv mother l jmessI will have to die as there is no help forme. She got me one of your littlebooks and my husband said I should tryone bottle. I stopped the doctor'smedicine and took Lydia E. Pinkham'sVegetable Compound. It soon made achange in me and now I am strong anddo all my work." Mrs. AugustusBaughman, Box 86, Enhaut, Pa.Why will women continue to sufferday in and day out-and drag out a sickly,half-hearted existence, mining threfourthi of the joy of living:, .when thercan find, health in Lyiia E. Pinkham'iVegetable pbtMd?If yo would Wee free cenUefttiaJ a4Tiee aidreef LydUE. PfrHiiei Megeit,Bourbon LaundryDWIS & FUNK, Props.Telephone No. 4.West 5 StreetSatisftctioi isWitchwenFOirWith all the latest improvements in laundryappliances and experthelpers we are preparedto do work inferior tonone, and solicit yourpatronage.Bourbon Laundry,Paris Kentucky.1rf1la- '4iJProfessional Cards.DR. WM. KENNEYEye, Ear, Nose and Throat.ROOMS 403-404.FIRST NAT'L BANK BUILDING.PHONE 136.Correct EnglishHOW TO USE IT. 'A MONTHLY MAGAZINE,Josephine Turck Baker, Editor.--rFor Progressive Men andjrWM. GRANNANAttorney-at-LawROOMS 401-402.FIRST NAT'L BANK BUILDINGi&4.Business and Professional; ChA 1T-., sucu, ieacaera, students, MMMttrc, - 'Doctors, Lawyers, Stenographs, aai - Ztor all who wish to Speak and WrtU - -.CorrectEnglish Special rttw ,Montn; Your EYery-Dajr Vocabvtary; lHow to Enlarge It. Sample Copy lfa ,BUDscripuon Jt?nce ?2 a Year.CABAL BROS., j .fPrentpt;BARBER SHOPand Ceurtetua. AttentionPatrsMEVANSTON. ILLINOIS.it$rWhtnyoufcdTL.vous, tired, worried ordespofHiefif k m a -suresiznyotfaecdafOl rSMEIlVmjlJPILLS: They renew the aorwal vifor ;make lite worm uvitf .- botMott'tff?ruMPtljaMtMia'f -vWmJmRmE&rtj-ATHS.Vrodufkiv Tk.rkCJmOErf &' ," z3-, " , T '-fcvfc.-yr-.vkS- --.height ofvpeahrity just JWw..;T1ityV(.;rtjrmn Mat'.HOT. AND.VFAGE SIGHTTHE BOURBON NlfiWS, PARIS, KY.FRIDAY, JUKI I, m7.iv mJ IliKuHati.-!i-:E&c&MILLERSBUR6Miss Maggie Clarke is visitingXriends at Winchester.Mrs. R. M. Caldwell is quite illwith intestinal trouble. .Miss Wilson, of Mayfield, Ky.t 5sx "guest of Miss Alberta Moffett.Mrs. J. D. Redd is visiting herparents, Mr. and Mrs. Mulligan, atNicholasville.- Mr. A. S. Venable, Jr., is athome for the summer from the Presbyterian. College in Virginia.Rev. J. D. Redd and Dr. C. C.Wisher, of the M. C , are attending-- District Conference at Bethel.Miss Dorothy Peed was the guestof her cousin, Mrs. Albert Hinton, ofParis, from Sunday to Wednesday.Misses Martha Smith and Al-fcerta Moffett are at home fromGeorgetown College for the summer.Mrs. Bishop Delaney has return-. ed to her home at Paris, after a few-days' visit to her parents, Mr. andMrs. Joe Williams.Quite a heavy registration waspolled Tuesday. The town was'quiet and there was no undue excite"" xn'ent of any kind.Mr. J G. Allen is not so well.Mrs. Clara Shanks is some better.n Mrs. J. P. Redmon is confined to herhome withjyphoid fever.Mr. and Mrs. D. B. Dunn havemoved here from Lexington, and areoccupying a part of the home ofMrs. M. E. Martin. Mr. Dunn willconduct a barber shop in the samestand he occupied some years ago.Mr. and Mrs. Ed. Thomasson,Everett Thomason, Oscar Johnson,Hobt. Johnson, Alex Miller, MissLouise Myall, Mrs. Bert McCIintock.nd Mr. Edgar McCIintock attendedthe funeral of Mr. Oscar S. Johnson,in Winchester, Tuesdaj-.The following invitations haveibeen issued:"Mr. and Mrs. John F. McDaniellinvite 7i to b prnt at the marriage of rhir dauffliter, Kizzie May,to Mr. Cimvios Reid Carrington, onWednc3u.i jurcon, June twentieth, niii-- c;:. IiunC cd and seventeen,at live Cil k, :.!:' hodist Church,Millersburg, Iventucffcy."These cards are issued to out-of-townfriends, no invitations" beingiriven. in Millersburg. All friendsof the contracting parties are cordially invited to be present. Miss McDaniell is one of our loveliest"youngladies, a daughter of Mr. J. F. McDaniell, cashier of the ExchangeBank, and a teacher in the Millersburg Graded School. Mr. Carrington is a prominent business man ofRavenna, Ky.Rev. and Mrs. R. C. Goldsmithattended the commencement exercisesat Georgetown College, Wednesday,and on their return were greetedby quite a surprise. They found awell-filled pantry, a new lawn swingand the piano from the Gradedschool, which had been set in thehome for the summer, awaitingthem. The pantry supplies consistedof pies, cakes, cooked ham. preserves, catsup, picklts and cannedgoods. Rev. and Mrs. Goldsmithwere induced to leave thehomewithout knowing why it was done,and when they returned their sur-prise was genuine, inasmuch as theyhad no N previous knowledge of thegood fortune awaiting themCards were issued some days ago ;urging all members of Amity LodgeNo. 40 F. and A. M. to be present atthe regular Tuesday night meeting,as important business was on hand.A large 'number were in attendance.In the tornado which visited Millersburg on Sunday evening, May 27, theroof was blown from the Lodgebuilding and the interior completelyruined. The Lodge voted on thequestion of repairs and other necessary improvements. Owing to thedisturbed conditions arising from thewar and the heavy expense of making the necessary repairs on thebuilding, th Lodge voted to abandonthe Centennial, which was to haveProtectYour EyesFrom the heat and dust withour Goggles and Shades!-.ttZ."We have a complete assortment. Don't trifle"with your eyesight. It:is the most valuablegift of nature. For firstclass service, see usWe Fit WhereOthers Failiw- .'FRYE & FRANKLINDOCTORS OF OPTOMETRYDtw BWc. Winfltor Htbeen held August 17, for this yearat least. Quite a number who hadpreviously subscribed for the Centennial fund transferred this to the repair fund. When the building is remodeled it will be in better conditionthan ever before.''THE FIGHTING URST"CALLS FOR RECRUITS.(By Capt. H. B. Kinsolving, Jr., 1stRegt., Ky. National Guard.)Kentuckians between the ages oftwenty-one and thirty-one, inclusive, have been called to the colors.They have already registered forthat service. They will be selected,beginning Sept. 5, to perform thehighest duty which is incidental totheir citizenship.Kentuckians, likewise all Americans, have thought of citizenshiponly in terms of rights, privileges,licenses. Never has that reciprocalI term, duty, seemed to impress themwith its full significance. They speakf feelingly of their inviolable, constitutional rights and privileges never oftheir duties!Who guaranteed to them the privileges they boast? Who shed theirlife-blood that they, to-day might befreed? Who made America safe fordemocracy during the past one hundred and forty-one years of her glorious history? Who made thename of Kentucky respected in everycivilized country on the face of theearth? Think, Kentuckians, whatduty do you of to-day owe to posterity! France has furnished us a splendid example. Her sons of to-day bytheir valor and heroic sacrifice havewritten another glorious page in history for, liberty, equality and fraternity; Democracy has joined with autocracy. It is war to the bitter end.Kentuckians must sense that factand immediately respond by joiningthe colors.You have the xopportunity now."The Fighting First," Kentucky'sFirst Infantry Regiment, has itsrepresentatives at the Sheriff's officein Paris. Capt. H. B. Kinsolving, anold Montgomery county boy, Sergeant Richard Freeman and Sergeant A. Y. Culton are at the officefrom seven o'clock in the morning toten o'clock at night to accept candidates for enlistment.STOCK, CROP, ETC.Caywood, Smith & McClintocKsold to Clarence Wright a pair ofextra nice four-year-old mare mulesfor $521. They purchased a five-year-oldmule from John Smith, ofnear Paris, for $200.FARMING CONDITIONS.The present outlook for farmers insome sections of Bourbon county issomewhat discouraging. The continued rains and the absence of muchneeded sunshine are the principalfactors operating against them.. Storms of wind, rnin find hail in Hia! past weeks have gashed and washedthe earth, undoing much of thej work the farmers had so carefullydone, and which will take themsome time to repair.In many sections of the countyJ tobacco plant beds -were totally destroyed, as they wTere completelycovered by the dirt blown and washed over them by the storm. Thiswill greatly curtail the acreage oftobacco to be planted in this county.Many farmers took advantage ofthe favorable weatbvr following thestorms and commenced the settingout of tobacco plants. Most of themfound their corn ground so torn upthat it has required replanting.During the past few days the bluegrass pastures have grown considerably and it is believed that there willbe a fifty per cent, production of thestaple. The hay and timothy fields,which two or three weeks ago presented a rather bad uppearance, havecome out considerably, and it is nowbelieved that there will be a goodproduction.Gardeners are getting along as wellas they can under unfavorable weather and other conditions, and aremaking the utmost endeavors to increase their production this year.PARISIAN GETSMERITED PROMOTION.As a fitting reward for his conscientious and efficient three-years'service, Mr. Emerson Galloway, whohas been stationed in the Philippinesin the employ of the United StatesGovernment, has received a promotion .to the position of first assistantchief of the fiber division of the Bureau. The recommendation was madeby Chief Boyle, after considering thenames of several others whose records were good, also.Mr. Galloway is a son of Mr. andMrs. Grant Galloway, of near Paris.He is a graduate of the Paris HighSchool and of the College of Agriculture of the University of Kentucky. The Manila Times, publishedat Manila, P. I., where Mr. Gallowayis stationed in the service, pays hima fine tribute.According to the Bible, the peopleonce habrded manna and it spoiledon their hands. .Let us trust thathistory is still capable of repeatingDEATHS.yUHLMAN.MrsS. Uhlman, of Philadelphia, a sister of Miss Minnie Boehm,Superintendent of the Massie Memorial Hospital, in Paris, died lastweek at her home In that city. MissBoehm was at her bedside a fewweeks ago, leaving her,- as shethought, much better.JOHNSON.Mr. Oscar Johnson, aged sixtythree, prominent Clark county farmer died at his home in Winchester,following a protracted illness. Mr.Johnson had been a recent patientat the Massie Memorial Hospital, inParis. He leaves a widow and oneson.BIRTHS.tTo the wife of Mr. Ollie Carpenter, near Paris, a son.To the wife of Mr. Henry L.Clarke, nee Miss Bessie Hornback, ofParis, a daughter.JOINT EFFORT TOINCREASE SUPPLIES.With the view of increasing theproduction and stimulating interestin conservation of all food suppliesraised, while at the same time instilling the lesson of practical patriotism, Hon. W. C. G. Hobbs, president of Knights of Pythias Widows'and Orphans' Home, located nearLexington, has addressed a letter toSuperintendent George Moore, suggesting that the boys and girls ofthe Home be enlisted in a friendlypatriotic contest, in growing vegetables and other food products, onthe Home farm this year. PresidentHobbs hopes that the Pythian lodgesin other sections of the State, willfollow out the suggestion, and boostthe Home garden movement in theirvarious communities.The Pythian Home farm comprises107 arces, and under the able management of Superintendent Moore,has been able during the past fewyears, to make a splendid showing inthe matter of vegetable productionfor use of the inmates. There are 85children, besides the supervisors andhelpers, at the Home, and PresidentHobbs believes that with the interestaroused by such a contest as he suggests, there will be a largely increased production of food stuffs on thefarm.A CORK FABRIC.The war has cut down the supplyof standard fabrics, but Europeanchemists have met the situation inpart by inventing new ones. Storiesof grass clothes in the Europeanmarkets are numerous, but underwear manufactured from new waterproof material made of cork is evenmore remarkable. The latter is ofparticularly great value since theprice of rubber has become so high.It is made by treating thin slices ofcork with chemical baths to removethe brittle substances and then gluing them to cloth. The result is afabric so flexible that it may be rolled up, and so close in texture that Itaffords efficient protection againstthe rain and also against the heatof the sun at least, such are theclaims for it.FIREPROOF AEROS.One of the greatest dangers to the,war fliers is that they will be set onfire by shrapnel or incendiary bullets. W. R. Weeks has written aletter to the Aero Club of Americastating that this difficulty has beenovercome by the invention of aliquid chemical compound which willmake the wooden and canvas parts ofthe machine absolutely fireproof. Ifthis invention is all that is claimedfor it, one of the greatest dangershas been removed from flying, notonly in war but in peace, for thereis always danger that the machinemay catch fire from the engine.DRUGGISTS' ASSOCIATIONMEET IN LOUISVILLE.Several of the local druggists willgo to Louisville next week to attendthe sessions of the Kentucky Pharmaceutical Association, which convenes there on June 19 for a threedays' business and social meeting.Dr. Elbridge Snapp,' of the BrooksDrug Co., is a member of the Committee on Co-operation and Interchange of Ideas, and Dr. L. Oberdorfer is a member of the ExecutiveCommittee of the Association.HOKINE JOINS NAVY.Homer N. Horine, formerly ofParis, and now a resident of. Lexington, has been jiotifled by the NavyDepartment that in the recent examination held by them for painters,he received the high mark of 93.4per cent. An applicant is only required to make 65 per cent. Horinewas a resident of Paris for many!years. He has seen service in the!U. S. Army, having been stationedwith the Third Hegiment at ortThomas for -.several months, afterward coming to Paris as a recruitingofficer. -" -v"xMATRIMONIAL.HOLLADAY DAUGHERTY.The marriage of Miss Bess Holladay and Dr. Charles G. Daugherty,both of Paris, will take place tomorrow. FORD WALLER.A marriage license was issuedfrom the office of County ClerkPearce Paton, yesterday to Mr. R.Herndon Waller, of Paris and MissFrances Mary Ford, of Georgetown.The wedding will take place inGeorgetown to-morrow.ARDERY VANDEREN.The marriage of Miss Lois Ardery, youngest daughter of Mrs. Emma Ardery, of Cynthiana, to Mr. Jas.Vanderen, of the same city, was asurprise event which occurred at thehome of the bride's mother in Cynthiana last week. The marriage waswitnessed by only the immediatemembers of the family and a few intimate friends.Mrs. Vanderen has been a frequentvisitor in this city and county, and isa young woman of pleasing and affable personality. She is a sister ofMr. Sam Ardery, of near Millersburg.I Mr. Vanderen is the youngest son ofMr. and Mrs. James G. Vanderen, ofHarrison county, and is connectedwith the Burley Tobacco Companyand the Cynthiana Creamery Company at that place.RELIGIOUS.The regular meeting of the Endeavor Society of the Christianchurch will be held in the churchparlors at 6:30 Sunday evening.The subject is, "Sum of the Mind."The leader will be Charles McCann.The regular monthly business meeting of the Society will be held inthe church parlors at sevenv o'clockMonday night. The members of MissEthel Harper's class Avill .be hosts onthis occasion. All the members areurgently requested to be present.The Sixth Annual SummerSchool of Methods, conducted under the auspices of the Christianchurches of Central Kentucky, willbe held at Lexington, June 14-22.There will be a large attendance fromParis. This will be a great opportunity for members of the Bibleclasses to brush up rheir knowledgeof the Book of Books, and theyshould take advantage of the opportunity. -iwfffftvffvwwfwviwwnwwwffvwibargainslieSCsunTif i ,i - f u-n ,CTt CN.--" I ' i tiiii m )sHOESOffering in the beginning of the season greatbargains in high grade footwear. If you ne.e.lshoe4 now, or will need them in the future, nowi4 the time to buy. Visit our store, compare thequality and prices, and you will surely appreciatethe wonderful bargains.Ladies' White Kid or Rich Brown e A ocRuss. Tan Boots . . ." ;frK5nLadies' Gray and White Kid Ka- -.tinka Pumps 0KLadies' White Canv. Sea Island ,- OQBoots and Pumps f lLadies' Canvas Strap Pumps aqat Lni&Ladies' Kid Lace Boots and Pumps ,- OQwhich.add grace to your foot. . . !!Ladies' Pat Dull Kid 0 AOBoots and Pumps at A.5JLadies' Pat. and Gun Metal Shoes - QQand Pumps at t 1J5JBoys', Misses'Paris' Greatest Shoe Storeiff A 3mKa I'm W 1SaKSKTmB 111 'KmM JTfw 1 lmwi. '&&Wmmm Vm 'jBiPpiillC. A. DAUGHERTYCAHLSBAL HOTEL CO. ASSIGNS.The Kentucky Carlsbad SpringsHotel Company, owning and operating the health resort at Dry Ridge,in Grant county, largely patronizedin recent years by Paris and Bourbon county people, has made an assignment for the benefit of creditors.Mr. J. B. Dejarnett qualified as assignee by giving satisfactory bond.The action of the Company in making the assignment followed a suitfor $10,000 filed by Mr. J. B. Steers,of Dover, Ky., for money duehim on notes. The assets and lia-.bilities of the Company are not given.Clean up your premises, insist thatyour neighbors do likewise.wpp Bargains In Every De-mm partment Men s, Ladies,Duys aim uins uiguand Low Cut Shoes!We Bought Too HeavyUnseasonable weatherus with an enormous stockof Summer Footwear.Prices Cut Deep !Men's Russian Tan English M -Shoesand Oxfords, W.-0...$4.00 UpMen's Plat. Calf Eng. and Medium , --.Toe Shoes and Oxfords, W.-O. . . .$3.50Men's G. M.and Tan Shoes ar d Ox- 0 - ttfords, Walk-Over and Beacon . . . 3.49Men.s Gun Metal, Button and 0 tt0and Lace, welts 2.99Men's Tan and Gun Metal Oxfords Mat 2.49Men's Gun-Metal High Shoes and' ,-Oxfords. T 1-99and Children's, Shoes and Slippers AtGreat Bargain Prices.DAN COHENWhere Beauty and Economy ReigiOthers Like ItYou WillLet the big paintbuyers help you decide. Hundreds ofbig manufacturersuseSherwin-WilliamsPAINTS & VARNISHESbecause they know thequality has been provedthat these productsmeet every condition.The "Cover the Earthylabel stands for quality,durability and coveringpower. It is your protection in buying paint.DERBY WINNERBRINGS $26,000.Wilfrid Viau, a Montreal merchant, purchased Omar Khayyam, theKentucky Derby winner, at auction,obtaining the imported son of Marcc Lisma for $26,000.Mr. Viau, who came into the racing circles several years ago, isowner of Trial By Jury. Achievement.Skeer Face and other winners. Thenew owner promptly made arrangements to start his new purchase inthe Withers, one of America'sclassics.Easily detached castors have beenpatentd to aid in moving washingmachines.tumimmtimtmimm mmmmimmmsHOES