.. " - ' ., - 1 , -1- - f 'IP'' H ,- I 1BOURBONTHEPUBLISHED EVEKY TUESDAY AND FRIDAY IN THE YEAR.VOLUME XXXVIIPARIS, BOURBON COUNTY, KENTUCKY, FRIDAY, OCTOBER 26, 1917BOURBON OVERSUBSCRIBESLIBERTY LOANFOUR-MINUTE SPEAKERS TELLOP LIBERTY LOAN BONDS.Following up the campaign of fourminute speeches for the second Liberty Loan Bond sale, recently inaug-. , ( urated in Paris, and in which severaldistinguished speakers have appearedTo paraphrase Tennyson's famous taking for Tiis subject "America In at the local movie houses, County$35,500$oem, "Charge or tne Lignt arigade," we will apply it to the massmeeting in the interest of the Liberty Loan Bonds at the court house''"Wednesday "Subscriptions to theright of them; subscriptions to theleft of them; subscriptions in front'of them; subscriptions behind them;into the coffers of the Liberty Loantode the Bourbon county dollars."It was an avalanche, an overflowthat greeted the eloquent appeal ofRev. Richard Wilkinson, of Lexington, whose masterful address held the"big audience spellbound as if somemaster of wizardry held them. Menwho had never before been knownto warm up to an appeal for fundsin a public movement eagerly flungtheir names into the fray and theirdollars into the Liberty Loan Bond.fund.It was a spontaneous and wholehearted outburst of patriotism, thelike of which was never witnessedbefore in Paris, and at once attested the truth and wisdom of a remark once made by former GovernorDavid Francis, of Missouri, at agathering at the old Fair Groundshere, "Bourbon county never lagsbehind in anything."One of the largest crowds everseen in the Bourbon county courtTiouse gathered there at two o'clockWednesday afternoon, in mass meet-the Balance Will She be Found Attorney George Batterton spoke toWanting?" To the inspiration of his the big audience at the Grand Operawonderful address may be ascribed House Monday night, Judge Denisthe success of the afternoon. He Dimdon spoke Tuesday night, and onpaid a particularly neat compliment j Wednesday night Mr. Oscar T. Hinto the women of Paris and the ton spoke. Last night the audiencecounty for the noble work they had ' was addressed by Attorney Daviddone in getting Liberty Loan sub- D. Cline.scriptions. Only a word artist i All the speakers were at their bestcould do justice to his speech. j and in the short time allotted them,At the conclusion of the address presented in a most convincing man-the call for subscriptions was taken ;ner argument for the earnest andVIOLATORS OF GAMEARRESTED.LAWSSpecial Deputy Game WardenBush Bishop, of Paris, assisted byGame Warden Homer Florence, ofHarrison county, made a hurry-upup, and while the start was a littleslow, the avalanche gained strengthand momentum, and from $15,000down the grade to $50 bonds theball kept rolling until the assistanttellers scattered through the big audicence had all they could do to keeptab on those who were shying theirdollars to the defense of their country. It was an inspiring time. Thewhole-hearted support of the govern-"mental financial plan by the purchase of Liberty- Loan Bonds.lea 1 fttSECOND LIBERTY LOANBONDSSOLD ON INSTALLMENTS. VLoosen your purse strings, sonsand daughters of Columbia, and takethe bonds of the Second Libertyresponses came in bunches, and byLoan Buy them till the pincll ofbuying brings to your heart the glowof a good investment made and agood deed done. Buy U. S. Government Liberty Bonds. If you have one,buy another, and sell two more bondsthe time the meeting adjournedBourbon county has exceeded by$35,500 its apportionment. Individual subscriptions of thousands ofdollars came skyrocketing to thetellers as if dollars were marbles in to two otlier good Americans.a boys game. The story told in afew words is that Bourbon countyis on the roll of honor to the extentof $432,500. Space wTill not permitof listing the individual and other;subscriptions, and with SecretaryFrank P. Kiser out of town it hasing for the purpose of raising the been impossible to get a completeTemainder of the $400,000 Liberty list. Suffice it to say that old Bour-- r-k I . - - ...... rLoan apportioned to Jfaris. -fre-,DOn told the Chairman sne'a do it,ceding the meeting the Boys' Band .'and by Heck, she done it! Gloryfrom the I. O. O. F. Home at Lex-ie!ington, a superb musical organiza- The benediction was pronouncedtion, headed by their staunch friend by Rev. Mr. Orr, and with music byJudge E. B. January, and Chief of; the Eoys Band of the I. O. O. F.Police Link, marched down from ( Home, one of the most memorableTwelfth street to the court housp, ani enthusiastic meetings Bourbonwhere they rendered a musical pro-icounty has witnessed in a decade.gram. In the meantime the bigTwas brought to a close. It wouldCircuit Court room had been filled J be very hard to give credit to anyto overflowing and there was hardly j individual or to any set of individstanding room around the doors in uals for the success of the Libertythe corridor. iLoan movement in Paris and theThe meeting was called to order COunty, but certain it is that theby Mr. John T. Collins, Chairman people know who did it, and theyof the Finance Committee, who pre-jaiso know that to the women of thesided. After making a statement of city and county most of the meed ofthe object of the meeting and an-lpraise must be given,nouncing the program, Mr. Collins j jt has been freely predicted thatwas followed by a program of mu-tne sum 0f $500,000 will have beensical selections rendered by the j raised .in this county by the end ofBoys' Band. One of the pleasing the week, as belated individual subfeatures of the exercises of the af- scriptions in various t amounts areternoon was the fancy drill and the stni being reported to the Financedancing of the stately minuet of the Committee, which augurs well forolden Virginia days by twelve boys j tne spirit of the people and the ultiand girls from the Paris High!mate seai 0f the community being-School, representing the spirit ofPiaced on the $500,000 mark bySat-'76, appropriately costumed, and di-Urday.We are offering these LibertyBonds on easy terms a $50 Bond at$1.00 down and the balance in weekly payments of $1.00 per week; the$100.00 Bonds at $2.00 down- and$2.00 per week.THE FIRST NATIONAL BANK.(oct5-8t)they visited the Harden farm, andplaced the fpllowing men under arrest on a charge of hunting without licenses and violating the gamelaws: Jos. M. Leach, of Oowings-ville, hunting without license, fined$15 and costs; A. G. Stevens, Newport, Harry H. Legget, Cincinnati,J. L. Hardin, Falmouth, . WillNotfhcott, Pendleton county, killing rabbits out of season, fined $15and costs each; Wright Kimbrough,Wm. King and J. A. Horton, all ofCynthiana, violating game laws,fined $15 and costs each.The State Game and Fish Commission, through its State GameWardens, Special Deputy gamewardens and county game wardens,has sent out a warning to all hunters against killing rabbits at thisseason of the year, which is a closedone on this species of game. It isunlawful to kill rabbits with dogsat this time, unless it be by ownersof the dogs on land, owned by thehunters, and violators will be vigorously punished to the fullest extent of the law.I The open season for rabbit hunting is from November 15 to Januaryjl, exception being made for hunting with dogs and oy tne use 01traps on one's own land for their.V Y XX UOl5THIRD DISTRICT BOARDCOMPLETED WORK.HASCITY BOWLING LEAGUE.trip to Pendleton county, where I on appeals and claims for agricul-Two more games in the CityThe Third District Exemption Bowling League contest were play-Board, which has been in continuous J ea tnis wee at the Fordham Alleys,session in Lexington since July has j he f- P lsh and Bourka Laua-uxj icaixx njmg uuxiuiusions Jmmaaycompleted the huge task of passingIS ?a TaBACK TO THE SERVICErected by Miss Wiard, the instructor in music. A choir under the direction of Mr. A. L. Boatright, rendered a number of patriotic songs,and a chorus of twenty-four oldergirls from the High School, directed by Miss Wiard, sang the old song,"Just Before the Battle, Mother."The invocation was pronounced bythe Rev. John J. Rice, pastor of theParis Presbyterian church.Chairriian Collins introduced Hon.E. M. Dickson, who in a characteristic eloquent preface, introducedthe speaker of the afternoon, Rev.Richardson Wilkinson, of Lexington,The big audience seemed to knowsomething good was coming, as itsettled down and for ovr two hourslistened almost breathlessly to oneof the most eloquent, scholarly andforceful speeches ever heard in thewalls of the house. " Rev. Mr. Wilkinson 'presented arguments for theLiberty Loan Bonds, backed up byThe members of the staff of"Everystudent," the Paris HighSchool monthly publication, subscribed for a $50 Liberty Loan bond,which will be turned in to the creditof the publication for future use.The members of the High School Sen-,ior German Class took up a collection and purchased a $50 LibertyBond, which will be devoted to thebenefit of the P. H. S. gymnasiumand the classes.Fayette county farmers have sofar subscribed $100,000 to-the fund.Commenting on this a full-page advertisement in yesterday's Lexington Leader, said:"Our own citizen, Rev. RichardWilkinson, addressed a meeting atthe court house in Paris yesterday.Immediately thereafter Bourboncounty farmers subscribed for $103,000 worth of Liberty Bonds. DoFavette county farmers love ouran array of facts that would have I country less than Bourbon countywrung dollars from a wooden Indian, farmers?"HELIEF TOR COAL SITUATION OT,teMd-LlltS UUIOCS wcxc on awuuw-KENTUCKY.A special dispatch to the dailyTapers from Pittsburg, yesterday,stated the coal situations as follows:"Kentucky operators here attending the meeting of the Coal Association formed a committee to ta"kecharge of the distribution of coal in.Eastern Kentucky wliere it is saidthere is a serious coal sTiortage."A committee of ten operators representing each of the five large districts of the section, were appointed.Calvin Holmes, of Cincinnati, wasmade chairman of the committee."The available supply, which theoperators admitted "had been deci eased by recent strikes, will bedistributed among the cities wherethere is a sTiortage. Every effortwill be made l)y the operators, it wassaid, to relieve the acute situationin Lexlneton. Paris, Georgetown,Carlisle. Cynthiana, and other citiesin the section lying east of Louisville."and all up-to-date in breeding, theget of such gre.at sires as BourbonKing, Lochnivar, Chester Dare andothers. Blooded horses sold from$300 to $1,200; others from $50 to$100; three pony-made saddle maressold from $85 to $140; one Shetlandpony for $105; suckling colts from$25 to $400. The sale was held under the direction of Mr. Ben Buckner, manager of the Ed. Simms"Xalapa Farm."Forty-five head sold for a total of$8,040, an average of $199 for. theentire offering. Among the buyerswas Sig S.jM. Dervais, of MexicoCity, Mexico, who paid the highestprice of the sale, $1,200, for "MySweetheart," a finely-bred mare byBourbon King Helen Dare.ANOTHER FISH STORY.DISPERSAL SALE OF HORSES, j The Carlisle Mercury says: "Mr.Charles Wright, of Paris, son-in-lawThere was a good-sized crowd -in Qf Mr. J. H. Collins, while fishingattendance at the dispersal sale of at the lake one day the past weeksaddle liorses held on the E. K. caught a four-pound bass that measThomas farm near North Middle- ured seventeen inches. This is saidtown, yesterday. The "animals to have heen the first bass caughtbrought exceptionally good prices, at the lake this fall.)'f .lNEW CARRIER ON RURAL ROUTEMr. John Spears, who has been anassistant at the Paris postofiice forseveral months, has received officialnotice of his appointment as carrieron rural route No. 1 out of the Parispostofiice and assumed his duties yesterday. Mr. Spears has made one of thebest men the local office has had, andhis appointment as carrier on route1 will assure the patrons of thatroute faithful and efficient service.I fcOVERCOATS DE LUXE.We have provided for the manw.ho cares a particulary superiorline of high grade overcoats inhighest grade of cloth and workmanship, all siljc lined. Prices $35to $65. We invite your consideration. J. W. DAVIS & CO.After several years absence fromhe service, Mr. Robert Lusk, whoas for several years one of theost popular passenger conductorsn tne L.ouisvnie & iNasnviue, unhis division, has returned to theservice. 'After leaving the L. & N., Mr.Lusk formed a partnership with Mr.James Shea in the grocery business,in -which he continued until a fewdays ago, when he was tendered andaccepted the position of Master ofTrains for the L. & N. on their L.& E. division with headquarters atRavenna. He is now on duty.la 1 1XWANTED.tural exemptions in 61 county andcity lower boards under its jurisdiction and has the distinction of beingthe first board of appeals in Kentucky to finish this work.The Board, Chairman Pritchardsaid, will remain in session for probably a week longer to finish somestraggling claims concerning whichfull information has not been received. A number of cases, totalingnearly a hundred, have been held upuntil certain detailed information inaffidavit form may be obtained.Enough men to complete the quotasof the counties of the district for thelast call of the first draft, have beencertified back to the local boards, itwas stated.Chairman Pritchard is now busymaking a report of the. number ofmen certified back in each countyand the quotas of the county, to giveto the Adjutant General.nhteGRAND LODGE K. OF P. ELECTSNEW OFFICERS.Men and women to serve theircountry by joining our Liberty BondClub. Our plan makesHt possible foreverybody to own a U. S. Government. BondvFIRST NATIONAL BANK,(19-tf) Paris, Ky.The Grand Lodge of KentuckyKnights of Pythias, which has beenin session in Lexington for severaldays, elected the following new officers to. serve for the ensuing term:Aubrey Barbour, of Newport,Grand Chancellor; John J. Howe, ofCarrollton, Grand Vice-Chancellor;A. O. Sisk, Covington, Grand' Prelate;J. W. Carter, Lexington, GrandKeeper of Records and Seal; B. P.Eubank, Bowling Green, Grand Master of Exchequer; Dr. J. L. Anderson, Manchester, Master-at-Arms;R. L. Slade and O. H. Pollard, ofLexington, Supreme Representatives.This is the seventeenth time in succession that Mr. Carter has heenelected to the office of Grand Keeperof Records and Seal.'Rathbone Lodge No. 12, K. of P.,of this city, was represented at thesessions of the Grand Lodge by thefollowing delegates: Knights IraBowen, John K. Cahal, D. YL.Farley, Charles W. Fothergill, P. J.McCord, Harry C. Ogle, Edgar Tingle, Louis Wollstein and others whowent in an individual capacity."Ki mRECORD PRICE PAID FOR BOURBON TOBACCO OROP.night with fortune and. skillful bowling rewarding the Laundry teum bythe narrow majority of six pins.Thomas was the shinine- star 'forthe Walsh team, leading with 2Min the first gameand 181 in fhtsecond roll-off. For the Laundryteam Snankiand scored with 183 in;the third game, Funk with 175 iathe first and Clark with 172 in thfirst. The score follows:R. P. WALSH.1Jackson 144Bedford 76B. Santen 138Kane 159Thomas ,. . . . 2022 3155 112155 14d171 142181 14S181 14STotals 719 808 74BOURBON LAUNDRY1Shankland 160Determan 160Clark 172Swearingen 122Funk. 1752158136151120132318214411511165Totals ..- 789 697 721:Bourbon Laundry .' .2207R. P. Walsh 2201Laudry MajorityWednesday night at the FordhamAlleys the "hardwoods" and "compositions" were- juggled down therunways by the T. W. Spicer andthe Curtis Henry teams, in aneffort to outdo each other. The result was a victory for the CurtisHenry team by a majority of 69pins in a contest that was totaledfor them with four 2's, the figuresbeing 2222.The records hovered around the200 mark for awhile, Faulkner, ofthe Spicer team, bowling 200 in thesecond game, with the same in thethird game, and 165 in the firstgame. His closest competitor wasGibson, of the Henry team, whobowled 175 in the first game, Jonesscored 173 for the, same team. Thescore follows:T. W. SPICER.1Bridges 122Faulkner 165H. Santen 92-Harper 7 120Hill " 163Totals.662WE KNOW HOWTHETRENCHER4bm !Mi.The Newest and MostStylish Model inYoung Men's jOvercoatsFor Fall and Winter.Both liorht and heavvweight' materials, made inmany fancy colors of green,tan, grey and brown, agraceful, stylish tailoredcoat that will please themost critical dresser, cutcomfortably full in thebody, belted all aroundwith extra wide belt, veryhigh waisted lines, eithersingle breasted or doublebreasted$15.00to$35.00 iThis is the model thatwill appeal td the youngman, but we have hundredsfof other styles for the moreconservative dresser. Letyour Overcoat come fromour store, where each andevery garment sold by us isstamped with our absoluteguarantee for quality andservice.Mitchell & BlakemoreStetson Hats r Manhattan Shirts Nettltton ShotsDr. Rttd's Cushion Solt ShoesWhat is undoubtedly the recordprice so far for a crop of Bourboncounty tobacco was realized Tuesday,when Pinkard & Ellis, who have acrop of eight acres, near Paris, soldthe entire crop for thirty cents perpound straight.The purchasers were Roy Landand Charles J. Doyle, of Paris. Thetobacco is to be delivered at the Independent Tobacco Warehouse inLexington. Mr.. Pinkard told THENEWS man that it was undoubtedlythe finest tobacco ever grown inBourbon county. The plants wereas high as an average man's headand had from thirty-five to fortyleaves, each, as big as some of the"elephant ear" plants we see in thecity flower gardens. The tobacco is ofa remarkably fine and close texture.Mr. Pinkard said he had been told bytobacco men that he could not produce a good crop on the soil he hadleased, but that this sale certainlyshowed it could be done.pa ta mSEE US ITRST.See us first when you have anykind of a deal in real estate. Weknow how to get results.(16-6t) PARIS REALTY CO.15Q JS feRED CROSS MEETING AT MXLLERSBURG POSTPONED.CURTIS HENRY & CO.Gibson 175Jones ; . .177Woods 114Denton 169Henry 1232 3128 124200 200130 123146 124163 153767 724CO.2 3119 122144 YIZ147 19135 153148 154Totals 758 693 777Curtis Henry & Co 2222T. W. Spicer 2153Curtis Henry Majority. 69STANDING.WiBourbon Laundry 5R. P. Walsh 3Curtis Henry & Co 2T. W. Spicer 2fe laa isL1344Pet..833.500.333.333SPECIAL FOR ONE WEEK.For one week only we will cleanlarge white fur sets for $1.5Df anddark colored' furs for" $1.00.ELECTRIC DRY CLEANING CO.(5-tf)LEXINGTON HOME -AND BARICDESTROYED BY EIRE.Owing to the fact that the bridgeover Stoner Creek at the foot ofMain street, is closed to traffic wljileundergoing repairs, the Paris delegates to the mass meeting of theBourbon County Red CrossaChapter,at MiHersburg this afternoon, cannot reach there in time.Members of the Paris Chapter whoreside in remote sections of thecounty, would have to make a widedetour to reach Mlllersburg in timefor the meeting, which was to havobeen held in the M. M. I. drill hall,consequently could not get there intime.The meeting will be scheduled fora later date at some point in thecounty more easily accessible underexisting conditions.BIG LAND SALE.Thursday, Nov. 1, The WakefieldRealty 3o. will sell publicly fourdesirable farms near LaGrange,Eminence and Shelbyville, a total of767 acres, the Samuel Blakemoreestate. The farms are of 160, 155,231 and 221 acres in size, as goodland as there is in that section ofthe State. This is a splendid chanceto get a farm at your own price.Read the large display adTetiae-Fire of unknown origin caused adamage of $3,000 to the residence ofA. C. Myers, on Clifton avenue, anda barn near the house owned hvRichard Shea, in Lexington, snortlyafter 3 o'clock Tuesday afternoon.The damage to the residence wasestimated at ?1,500 and the estimateed damage to the barn was placed atthe same amount, partially coveredby insurance.StoB-4 PIREInsure withW.O. HINTON .& SON,AgtsSMALL COTTAGE BURNED'An alarm from Box 22, at Lille 'ton avenue and Williams 'Street, yterday morning, called the Are department to Qano street, where aframe cottage occupied by coloredpeople, was in a blaze. The department made a quick run and wita tliaid of good water pressure, st4the home from destruction. ThV"household goods of the occupamtwere saved. The origin of the Areis unknown.and LightningFire, WindInsurance.Thomas Woodford & Bryan.TOBACCO BARN BURNED.A large tobacco barn, located .the Ford place, on the Paris 9c Lexington pike, in Fayette county, wi-burned to the ground early Smmdeymorninsr. together with a flue ttrmm ament on another page Qf this issue, tobacco housed Jn the fcara, ntwlffaic6f THE NEWS.a loes of several taotmuftt doWejig,it'f,-iPCTHE BOURBON NEWS, PARIS, KY.I J -i t . -iA 't -t r i'--i -. vTWOHIE BOURBON NEWSaMIstMd 188135 Years of Continuous Publication.be and, lie cusses bis neig Hbon because his neighbor is prosperous! and"enjoys life. In fact, he hates hiniself, is a menace to a town's prosperity, & foe to God and no good tothe devil. These persons seem to bea necessary evil in every town. TheyL.. . .. - -r j j e tj .. I ought to be put out.rbllshed Every Tuesday and Friday.; tot Year... $2.00 Six Months... $1.00Payable in Advance.-CW1FT Ct-!AMP. Editor and Owner.This Is a Funny World!It is more fun to see a man read apuff on himself in a newspaper thanto see a fat man slip on a bananapeel. The narrow minded man reactsi it over seven or eight times, and thenaround to appropriate whatAAA---- - - - - I goesT TVTmA-nr.T imnmid I copies he can. The kind heartedEDITORIAL MUSINGS. timan goes around to the office and-Beware of Pneumonia.' NWiththe coming of cold weather,..pneumonia "captain of the men ofdeath" will begin to strike down its-"victims. People talk with some closepersonal friend one day and a fewdays later learn that he 'has been selected for the lightning-like stroke.-delivered by pneumonia.Yet practically no person in perfectliealth is. in any .great danger of contracting the disease under ordinarycircumstances.:: It requires the presence of the:germs and some outside influencewhich so lowers one's vitality thatShe growth of the germ goes on'practically unopposed by naturalforces. In other words, anythingThat disturbs the normal balanceencourages the growth of diseasejgerms of every variety.- Fatigue is one cause. The tired, Seeling one experiences after prolonged effoit of any kind is simply-fhe sum total of the protests comingifrom every cell in the body againstoverwork. In this condition the"ells are unable to put up a goodjfifht and so they succumb to the onslaught of the disease germs becausesthey are so tired that there is practically no fight left in them.Loss of sleep and overeating also-axe predisposing causes. The firstoperates by leaving the cells partiallyexhausted by the work o fthe previous waking hours. For it is onlyduring sleep that fatigue is neutralized. ' Overeating clutters up the bodywith a lot of more than useless material that has to be handled and theToody is unable to do this and at thexsame time maintain ,its defense atJthe maximum strength.-Stale air, another cause, is pracUically always the result of the presence of a number of persons in theplace where it is found. Air that isjthus deficient in oxygen cannot keepthe functions of the body going at anormal pace and so thus logged andhampered, it is in a fair way to falleasily before the onslaughts of wait-ing germs.pays what he owes. The successfulbusiness man who advertises regularly and makes money by it, imme-JIEAD THEKiKEEmWOittt';"From childlKod'Iihavebeen under the influence of frwsmen Alexander the Great, Julius Caeser,Thodoric the Second, Frederick theGreat and Napoleon. Each of thesemen dreamed a dream of world empire they failed. I am dreaming adream of the German World Empireand my mailed fist shall succeed."Emperor William.These words, written by the "Gertman Kaiser many years ago, showwhat he has been planning all theseyears. He expected to make Russia,France, England and the UnitedState's mere provinces of Germany.And worst of all, the Kaiser hasalmost succeeded. There is still achance that he may succeed. He hasdiately starts out to find the editor spies in every country of the globe,and the two walk silently down thestreet and, the business man takessugar in his and they both eat aclove or two and life is sweeter andpeace settles down on their heartsfor moments. Such is the experienceof a mustard seed that falls on different ground.HA 1HOW ABOUT IT?History Not Repeated.History is not repeating itself thisautumn; the social columns instead-of announcing long lists of receptions, card parties, etc., now giveplace to plans for Red Cross of Y. M.""O. A. work, and entertainments forour soldiers. The clamor seems notfor frivolities, but for steadier andmore nractical joys, but younger so-ciety at least will not entirely languish for want of entertainment.Students, boys and girls, are here inmighty numbers, and Red Crosswork and patriotism does not fill- their minds to the exclusion of allelse."Conservation" of food is nottroubling their young minds, at leaati not in the general acceptance of theword, but they are not averse at any; time to turning their attention to asood menu. Dutch suppers andTVelsh rarebits are still held in favor,-and "midnight lunches," especiallywhen taken usrreptiously have not' iurt their chairm. Soon Hallowe'en-will be here with its youthful pranks'-to make glad the heart of boy and.gilr alike, then Thanksgiving fol. lowed ere long, by Yuletide joys.A Bird Tragedy.In an old home in the southeasternpart of town there was recently revealed evidence of a tragedy, 'a tragatt wiiip.h caused heartaches unspeakable in little feathered breasts.In a gutter where painters were atwork, a bird nest in process of building was thrown out, and tangled in-the meshes of straw, string and othermaterial which the little builders hadused in the construction of a home, atiny artisan was found suspended byone fragile little leg in the partiallycompleted nest, a nest around which- so many happy hopes had clusteredof a little wedded pair. In somemanner they busy little work-manTiaa "become entangled in a piece of- cord, and unable to extricate itself- had evidently starved to death.'T.was only a sparrow, butrwas -not its death pathetic. One can"imagine the agony of the little mateway up there under the eaves, so nearvet unable to assist, and helpless Icould only gaze upon a ruined homeand dying mate.. "TV A Necessary Evil.The -person that stands on the- Street corner looking around forsomething to gossip about or to find. ' fault with, can always find what lieis looking for. But what a life helives His soul shrivels and witheruntil it is shown in his manner andlooks For such a person lif e- has lostits savor. It becomes sour, misan-- thropic whining. He passes fromfcU to worse and sees no good maiybody. His taxes are always tooAigh no matter -how -low they maySeventy American boys murderedby the cowardly commander of asneaking German submarine! Doesthis bring the war home to you; ormust you wait until my son, yourson, and thousands of other lie withupturned faces on the blood-soakedfields of France, and the last ray ofsunshine has faded from the heartsof thousnds of American mothers, before you realize that this is yourwar; that in it your responsibility isundivided and certain, limited onlyby your ability.The issue is squarely before younow; it Cannot be evaded. Are youso craven-hearted that you valueyour dollars above the right to livefreely and happily? Are you goingto hang on to your money whilebrave American boys face all the horrors Of German savagery? If not,come across, buy Liberty Bonds, yes?Buy more and help end the war thatwas forced on civilization by warmad German plutocrats. Let's showthe barbarous German Empire andhis contemptible son that, true to ourtraditions, we have the courage togive our last dollar to save the worldfrom their accursed Tule.SIS SaTHE TEST THAT TELLSIs The Test of Time Many ParisPeople Have Made This Test.Years ago this Paris citizen toldin a public statment, the benefit derived from Doan's Kidney Pills. Thestatement is now confirmed the testimony complete. Instances like thisare numerous. They doubly provethe merit of Doan's Kidney Pills.Can any Paris reader demand morenrmvinHnsr nrnnf? It's Paris testimony it may be investigated. 'Mrs. G. W. Newman, E. Tenth St.,Paris, says: "I had backaches andheadaches and at Mimes I was nervous. My kidneys were weak and inactive. Doan's Kidney Pills made mewell."Mrs. Newman gave the above account of her "experience with Doan'sKidney Pills on January 17, 1912,and on Nevember 9, 1916, she said:"I still use Doan's Kidney Pills attimes, when I find it necessary. Ihave always received the same goodresults, although I, do not have somuch trouble now as I used to."Price 60c, at all dealers. Don'tsi mnl v ask for a kidney remedy getDoan's Kidney Pills the same thatMrs. Newman has twice publiclyrecommended. Foster-Milburn Co.,Props., Buffalo, N. Y. (adv)m fa PaSPECIAL DAYS EOR SPECIAL REGISTRATION. Next Monday, Tuesday and Wednesday, Nov. 5, 6 and 7, have beenset apart as supplemental- registration days for those who failed to register on the regular day on accountof illness or being out of the city.Go to the office of County ClerkPearce Paton and get your certificate.and he has .them everywhere inAmerica not only men of Germanblood, but hirelings from other nations. In the face of such conditions, theduty of every American citizen isplain: No man of honor can have amoment's doubt as to the course heshould follow. Every real Americanwill show where he stands by buyingLiberty Bonds so that all over theUnited States there will be such anavalance of Liberty Bonds that thetraitors and spies here among us,and their bloodshirsty Kaiser, willrealize that America caan never be.made a German province.Go to any Paris bank and getyour Liberty Bonds to-day! If youcan't buy a large one, buy a smallone. If you can't pay for it all atonce, they pay for it in easy installments. The main thing, the big, important thing, is that you, you whoare reading this, become a patrioticowner of one of these U. S. Government Liberty Bonds in this secondLiberty Loan of 1917.1QHWAR TIME ECONOMY IN FASHIONS.'TFheHJMted Sttrtes tovernmerit Food: Administrator Says:"Baking Powder Breads of corn andother coarse "flours are recommended"BAKINGPOWDERABSOLUTELY PUREMakes delicious muffins, cakes and coarse flour breadsHOYALCORN MEAL MUFFINScop corn meall4 cups flourya teaspoon salt-4 level teaspoons Eoyal Bakiaj Ponder2 tablespoons sugar1 cup milk" "2 tablespoons shortening.Mix tfcoroughlyAlry ingredients; add milk and meltedshortening: and beat well. Bake in greased muffintins in hot oven about 20 minutes.NUT BREAD3 cups graham flour5 level teaspoons Xoyal Baking Powderiy3 teaspoons salt1V cups milk and water14 cup sugar or corn syrup1 cup chopped nuts (not too fine) or 1 cupraisins, washed and flouredMix together flour, baking powder and salt; add milkand water, sugar or corn syrup and nutmeats orraisins. Put into greased loaf pan, allow to standSO minutes in warm place. Bake in moderate ovea40 to 45 minutes.Our red, white and blue booklet, "Best War TimeJiecipes" containing additional similar recipes, sentfree on request. Address Royal Baking Powder Company, Dept. H, 135 William Street, New Yorki;rmmrMmmmlThat lingering Coldis a steady drain on yourphysical stamina. It impoverishes the blood,distresses the digestion,and exhausts your vigor.It affords a fertile fieldfor serious infection and is' likely to become chronicYou Needn't Sufferfrom it if you will take Perunaand use prudence in avoidingexposure. Peruna clears upcatarrhal conditions. Thousands have proved this to anyfair person. Get a box of thetablets today prove it yourself. Manyprefer theliquid form.Both aregood.At your drug-,gists.LAA&lHKFEKU1Ur COMPARTWar seems to have affected everyitem of daily life and dress is notthe least conspicious of these. It iscurious how much the latest styleshave resulted from the insistent economics of war; it is noticeable inline, in materials, in color, in trimmings. To quote from an article onGood Housekeeping for November:"Although there has been no decide-1change in the silhouette, the winterclothes can be distinguished by theirnarrow skirts. And for the womanwho- makes her clothes, there is nothing quite so satisfying as to findmodels that are simple enough inline to be easily made, and yet smartenough to give the appearance ofcoming from the best New Yorkshops. The long-waisted line, thegathered tunic with the deep bandof fur, and the tighter underskirt,are the newest notes of the season.The top coat worn with the one-piecedress is replacing, to a great extent,the tailored suit.". is fcsHOW'S THIS?We offer One Hundred Dollars Reward for any case of Catarrh thatcannot be cured by Hall's CatarrhMedicine.Hall's Catarrh Medicine has beentaken by catarrh sufferers for thepast thirty-five years, and has become known as the most reliableremedy for Catarrh. Hall's CatarrhMedicines acts through the blood onthe mucous surfaces, expelling thepoison from the blood and healing thediseased portions.After you have taken Hall's Catarrh Medicine for a short time youwill see a great improvement in yourgeneral health. Start taking Hall'sCatarrh Medicine at once and get ridof catarrh. Send for testimonials,p. J. CHENEY & CO.,Toledo, Ohio.Sold by all Druggists, 75c.(adv-oct). 1E3 13" KlHEALTH DON'TS.i(Johnstown Democrat.)"Don't take off or put on yourtrousers over your shoes; you'll getboils, maybe," says Dr. Dixon inis most recent little talk on nealtn.The good doctor's cautionary ad-vi'pp intprests'us strangely. We shallwrite some of our own.Don't sit down qn the grass. Atick may bite you.Don't roll up your shirt sleeves;germs may propagate in the warmthand attack you.Don't suck soda through a straw;you may get hay fever.Don't wear rubber heels at work;you may get bounced. And don'tsteal the boss's matches; you may befired.Don't beat a carpet; take something your size.Don't take pills in the dark; yourlights may go out."Trifles," says Dr Dixon, "are important in .the health of all of, us."Righto, good doctor! Trifles helijfill the page when thoughts comeslowly.DOG FOOLS BAD BOYS.Mischevious boys of Happy, Texas,who tied a can to the tail of JerryMiens' dog were much surprisedwhen the dog walked sedately to thenearest corner saloon, where his master was well known. Then, after thebartender had filled the can withb'eer, the dog took it carefully in itsmouth and carried it to Miggs' homexiHhniit" snillin&r a droD. Miggs refuses to, payfqr the beer. lNEARLY THREE BILLION SPENTBY U. S. SINCE JULY 1.Government expenditures sincethe beginning of the fiscal year July1, are nearing the $3,000,000,000mark. The total reported on thetreasury statement was $2, 921, 075,341. This is nearly $800,000,000more than receipts during this period, including that portion of thefirst Liberty loan paid since thefiscal year began.The greatest single item of expenditure was $1,571,200,000 advancedthe Allies. Ordinary disbursementsincluding military and naval expenditures and the cost thus far ofthe shipbuilding and aircraft production programs totaled $1,039,976,541. A total of $286,711,722 hadbeen expended in the retirement ofshort-time certificates of indebtedness. fe 193 laWINTER TOURING."For the eastern motorist relievedof considerations of distance andtime, California offers everythingthat a winter touring ground shouldhave," writes Alexander Johnson inLACK OF CHARM CAUSE OF DIVORCES.the November issue of M0T0R. "Aglorious climate, with a January average temperature for the southern,portion of the State of 54, and sunshine practically every day duringthis time of the year, outdoor lifein the golden State is the acceptedcondition of existence. In its highway system California has a potentlure for motorists from every sectionof the country. "At the present timethere are available nearly 18,000miles of good roads, perhaps the bestin the land, and the fact that thesetraverse a country that comprisessome of the most magnificent scenery in the world, makes their attraction nearly irresistible. California,imoreover, has the added attraction ofromantic historic association, in its , power. 'memories and relics of the daysj But the Divine Sarah also sayswhen it was part of the far flung ' that this invaluable quality can beMadame Sarah Bernhardt, thegreat French actress, in a signed article in the November issue of Harper's Bazar, attributes the numerousdivorces that have come into thecourts of late years to lack of charmin the woman concerned."If I stood at the threshold of life,"says Mme. Bernhardt, "asking of itsomething with which to buy happiness, I should beg for charm. For ifone has charm, she will be loved.And a woman must have love to behappy. 'Beauty does not matter. If awoman has charm she can securewhatever she wants love, success,Spanish empire."Sm Pa3! cultivated, and her prescription inHarper's Bazar reveals the secret.J m MYou can't always keep your neighbors from saying foolish things, butiyou can lose your ears.Washington suggests conservationof snakes to destroy the rats. My!My! we would rather have rats thantosee snakes.r P3 151 to -A new plant which will specialize! The man who builds his house onin army boot making will be erected the sands shows the need of lunaticin Wichita, Kansas.j asylums with every brick he lays.iMCm X&MrttoauyutOrvVimaa. JMMUa iTHE Linwood fivepassenger "Six'39" is a truePaige through and through worthy in everyrespect of a fall membership in the great Paigefamily.That statement carries a world of meaning. It is aguarantee that this car possesses the mechanicalexcellence that has given Paige cars an enduringplace in public confidence. It is the broadest and,yet, the most definite guarantee in all motordom.It means dollar-for-dollar value and all the comfortand luxury of "The Most Beautiful Car inAmerica."Why not see our dealer today. He will gladlyarrange a demonstration for you and the othermembers of your family .'The Linwood "Six-39" 5-passenger, SI 330Essex v'Six-55" 7-pasknger $1775; Coupe "Six-55 4-passenger $2850; TownCar "Six-55" 7passenger$3230; Limousine "Six-5 5" 7-passenger $3230; Sedan"Six-55" 7-passenger $2850; Brooklands 4-passenger $1795 ; Glendale "Six-39"Chummy Roadster $1330; Dartmoor "Six-39" 2 or 3-passenger $1330; Sedan"Six-39" 5-passenger $1925. All Prices f. o. b. Detroit.JPaige'Detroit Motor Car Company, Detroit, MichiganP. P. WHITEWith Dicltersori H: Oouelas Garage. 4tli and Hi eh St. -FarisSERVICE STATIONO-i44n -v w v v-ai114a.va, -'JSrf.-A,, k A'i J1X. S '.A " w.tt'S-ji;,:"' 'fir,c t- .-V-,?"i .o. -TRIDAY, OCTOBER 26, 1917.t - f - -BCUKBON TOWS, PAJOS, X!PACr.J"iiMEN WANTED;100 men wanted at once to dig andload coal in coal mines. For any information wanted, writeGEO. VEAL, Supt.,(23-lmo) Shamrock, Ky.(USE "CASCARETS" FORl TTTrnn im .DivrrmraWHEN CONSTIPATED.""When Bilious, Headachy, Sick, forSour Stomach, Bad Breath,Bad Colds.NERVOUSNESSCars For Sale.Three slightly-used cars in goodgood condition, with tires in firstclass shape. A bargain' for cash.DICKERSON & DOUGLAS GARAGE.GRASS WANTEDGrass for grazing about eightysheep from now until Feb. 1. Address or call onI. D. THOMPSON,Cum. Phone 628,(19-4t) Paris, Ky.Magazine Agency.I will receive subscriptions to thefollowing magazines:Curtis Publishing Company'sLadies' Home Journal, SaturdayEvening Post and the Country Gentleman, Cosmopolitan.Good Housekeeping,Harpers,Motor Magazine,Pictorial Review,Mothers' Magazine,Heart's.Kentucky Magazine.Until November 10 will receive 2year subscription to Cosmopolitan,Heart's, and Good House Keeping,either for ?2. I will also make advantageous clubbing offers with ThePictorial Review.MMS. O. P. CARTER, JR.,Paris, Ky.(oct23-tf)Get a 10-ceht box.Take a Cascaret to-night to cleanseyou liver, stomach and bowels, andyou wiil surely feel great by morning. You men and women who haveheadache, coated tongue, a bad cold,are bilious, nervous, upset, botheredwith a sick, gassy, disordered stomach, or have backache and feel allworn out. Are you keeping yourbowels clean with Cascarets ormerely forcing a passageway everyfew days with salts, cathartic pillsor castor oil?Cascarets immediately cleanse andregulate the stomach, remove thesour, undigested and fermenting foodand foul gases; take the excess bilefrom the liver and carry off the constipated waste matter and poisonfrom the bowels.Remember, a Cascaret to-night willstraighten you out by morning. A10-cent box from your . druggistmeans healthy bowel action; a clearhead and cheerfulness for monthsDon't forget the children. (adv)Professional Cards.DR. WM. KENNEYEye, Ear, Nose and Throat.ROOMS 40&404.FIRST NAT'L BANK BUILDING.PHONE 136.CHome For Sale PrivatelyOn account of Mr. Napier's passenger run being changed from Paris tcLexington and Cincinnati necessitating a removal to Lexington, I desireto dispose of my residence at the corner of Main and Second streets. InParis, at private sale.This is a substantial brick houat,two-stories, has six large roo'mi;sleeping porch; two concrete porches;large garden and- poultry yard; sideand front yard. It is a first-classhome and will be a bargain for thpurchaser. It is in first-class shape.An inspection of the house and premises is invited.MRS. JESSE S. NAPIER,(4-tf) 128 Mahi Street.WM, GRANNANAttorneyatLawROOMS 401-402.FIRST NAT'L BANK BUILDINGNOTICEThe best time to plant fruitand shade trees, blooming shrubs,rhubarb, asparagus, grapevines,roses, peonies, perennials, etc.,is in the FALL. Get our largeillustrated catalog of everythingfor your Orchard, Lawn or Garden. Finest stock grown anywhere. H.F.Hillenmeyer&Sons, Lexintrton, &(octS-lmo;AND BLUESSymptom of More SeriousSicknessWashington Park, 111. "I am themother of four children and have suffered with femaletrouble, backache,nervous spella andthe blues. My children's loud talkingand romping wouldmake me so nervousI could just teareverything to piecesand I would ache allover and feel so sickthat I would notwant anyone to talkto me at times. Lydia E. Pinkham'sVegetable Compound and Liver Pills restored me to health and I want to thank,you for the good they have done me. Ihave had quite a bit of trouble andworry but it does not affect my youthful looks. My friends say ' Why do youlook so young and well ? I owe it allto the Lydia E. Pinkham remedies."Mrs. Robt. Stopiel, Sage Avenue,Washington Park, Illinois.If you have any symptom about whichyou would like to know write to theLydia E. Pinkham Medicine Co., Lynn,Mass., for helpful advice given free ofcharge.BBBV "W aBHHHIKr J9aWNOVEMBER COSMOPOLITAN.The November Cosmopolitan, nowon sale, offers a literary banquet.Among the contributors in thisnumber are: Herbert Kaufman,Ella Wheeler Wilcox, Arnold Bennett, Maurice Materlinck, LillieLangtry, George Ade, Booth Tarkington, Samuel Merwin, Chas. G. D.Roberts, Dana Gatlin, George Randolph Chester, Arthur B. Reeve,Owen Johnson, Elizabeth Robins,Robert W. Chambers, Harrison Fisher, W. T. Benda, Frank Snapp, JohnT. McCutcheon, Worth Brehm, Howard Chandler Christy, Paul Bronson,Edward L. Chase, Chas. E. Chambers,Will Foster, George Gibbs, AlonzoKimball, W. D. Stevens.i fe feCROUP.If your children are subject tocroup get a bottle of Chamberlain'sCough Remedy, and when the attackcomes on be careful to follow theplain printed directions. You will besurprised at the quick relief which itaffords. ,,? t:" (adv-oct)p ni iir PDA 00 rAuMvDs OLllL UftfluiF 1 RlPfmn&s&mr& '' u -To Beold By Public Auction,13SALE WILL BE HELD AT RESIDENCEON FARM A., KNOWN AS TH KERRPLACEf ' ' xv.AT 10 O'CLOCK A. M., SHARP p -XGEORGES BAIN,. Auctioneer' V . :: S& 'ir - "-"' f-" '' V,' v' $L'.r "' ' ' ' - Vr7 Miles from Lexington on Sm&s& P . '" Athe Newly Asphalted P '- v JMaysviUe r Q X tRoad o ,&& : f:y' ft - I -- A I73&& AC7CS. CGA- (7)209Aw t v 1 ri r- 1 iL-Ui 1 --- .I 11 - m IZTT3JsJl L. mmm-"" -THESE FARMS AREAPART OF THE FAMOUS ESTATE OF THELATE JAMES B. HAGGIN AND ARE - THEFIRST TO vBE OFFERED TO THE GENERAL PUBLIC BYAUCTION. . -..J MJMIUIZIt' -I S' 'Farm A, 100 42-100 acres 1 a brick residence; 2 42-stall circularhorse barn; X water system. All In blue prass sod exceptabout 15 acres.Farm.B. 173 89-100 acres 1 a stucco cottage; 2, 3, 4, 5 and 6, ten-fitall hor.se. barns; 7 a cottage; X .wafer system. All .in blue-crass sodv except 4 about 18 acres.Farm C, 1M 1-10 acres No improvements; all ia blue grass; goodFarm D. 289'acres 1 T-room cottage; 2 a tobacco barn; S'a brickdwelling. All except about 40 acres in blue grass and wheat.-'Farm eTi59 8-10 acnes 1 a 20-acre tobacco barn? 2 4;2-stall circu-; lar r horse barn; .3 7-room cottage; X water system. All in' wheatand blue grass sod.Farm F, 25 acres 1 an up-to-date abattofr "and packing house.Something better tkan you could imagine. All in blue gfasshe order of sale wfll be A, E. B, D. F, C.With the idea of Increasing food production, so essential to the needs of our nation at this time, the undersigned purchased these fertile and unfilled farms from the late James B. Haggin's Executors la one tract of 862 acres, the smallestprocurable. . .As. can be seen from the above cut: -we have dlvided"thls tract into SDCFARMS. ranging in size from 35 to 28!acres, which puts this HAGGINIZED PROPERTY within the reach of the farmer who is unable to operate a large tract.These farms are oh oae of the best turnpike roads fn Kentucky. They are on an interurban line, and about halt smile from Muir Station on the L. 4b N. Railroad. . ,.The location -f these farms is the best in the State. They are in the very heart of the far famed Blue GrassRegioitl .They are surrounded,-, by many .picturesque properties. Being on the,same road, they are "within a short distanceof thwonerfiil:Greea HlllsisansIonMlis famous Elmehdbrt EViiry; Harry ,payhe-WhItney?,f thoroughbred Smirseiythbeautiful Lexington Country' Club aad many other noted places. City water already has been piped to the ElmendorlDairy, within one anile of this-property. Electric light And power Is obtainable at the road. .......TERMS O:tklr4ecsli;.iipodelvaryf, deed; balac &ash or in equal instalishents,Tdue7ln 1, 2; 3, l-aiidS year..(. iiurcnaueer vkmb, jrnvutisrcaKi, .uwiw:utifvc avjJK kuuuih,chasers freof charge. Forurther InfonaatkMi address:c - 'tier annum, payaoie semviinpuuiy.(iecur;Kiieia qjuijproperty. Recent surteys by William A. Newa1in examinations of the titles by wrT.imwm'W-xuriea-:ur-SOCIAL AND PERSONAL, ft ill i ill ii 1 1 i i 1 1 HI 1 1 1 n II 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 i 1 1 1 1 II II 1 1 1 H I IComings and Goings of OurPeople Here, There andElsewhere.Mrs. M. F. Kfenney is improvinsafter a week's illness.Mr. Hensel Margolen has returned from a business trip to pointsin Indiana.Mr. A. L. Stephenson, of nearParis, -has returned from a businesstrip to Louisville.Miss Maude Wilson was a guestthis week of Miss. Josephine McNeill, in Winchester.Mr. A. S. Thompson and son,Mr. G. C. Thompson, left Wednesdayfor a trip to Alabama.Mr. and Mrs. F. W. Miller, ofFrankfort, -were recent guests of Mr.and Mrs. Frank Jacobs.Miss Mayme Holladay has returned from a business trip to Chicago. ' Misses xAgnes Turner and AnnaLouise White, of Paris, attendedthe subscription dance given at Winchester.Mrs. J. M. Williams, who hasbeen very ill at her apartments atSixth and Main, streets, continues toimprove.Mr. Fred Frendberg has returned to his duties with the L. & N. atBirmingham, Ala., after a visit tofriends in Paris.Mrs. Stanhope Wiedemann andtwo children, of near Paris, are visiting her parents, Mr. and Mrs. J. D.Purcell, in Lexington.Mrs. Daisy Hill, of the Cumberland Telephone office, has returnedfrom a visit to her brother, Mr. JohnPhillips, in Cincinnati.Mr. Harvey Rogers, of Paris,visited friends in Danville severaldays this week. Mr. Rogers attendedCenter College last year.Mrs. Newton Taylor and daughter, Mrs. Julian Frank, have returnedfrom a 'visit to Mr. and Mrs. TevisWilkerson, in Lexington.Misses VJerna Dorothy Kraemerand Evelyn Kraemer have returnedto their homes in Louisville, after avisit to Miss Eleanor Clay.Mr. and Mrs. Walter Wurtz havereturned to their home in Frankfortafter a visit to Mr. and Mrs. H. H.Floyd, on Houston avenue.Dr. and . Mrs. Elbridge Snapphave gone to light housekeeping inrooms at the home of Mrs. Chas. A.McMillan, on Stoner avenue.Mrs. Bishop Clay and littledaughter, Agnes, have returned totheir home in Lexington, after a visitto relatives in North Middletown.Mrs. Herbert Weaver returnedWednesday to her home in Knoxville,Tenn., after a visit to her parents,Mr. and Mrs. E. V. Curtis, in EastMr. and Mrs. J. W. Bacon havereturned from Newport, where theyattended the funeral and burial ofMrs, Bacon's father, Mr. Henry W.Behrman. . , , ..noi and Mrs. Chas. umiDry wuWednesday for Florida; where.- theywill spend the winter, rney navebeen the guests of Mr. and Mrs. N.A, Moore for several weeks.Mr. John Talbott Redmon, whoi stationed at Ft. Moultree, S. C,in the U. S. Marine Service, is athome on a furlough for a visit torelatives in this city and county.An automobile touring partyr.omnosed of Mr. George KenancK, olLouisville Miss Mabel Thompson,TQfc and ATrs. John Netherton,Franklin county, paid Paris a visitMonday. .Miss Grace Haskins, one of themost efficient stenographers in theState,, has gone to Beattyville, whereshe will remain about a month engaged in stenographic work forJudge Hurst. n , ,Mr. I. Hauser, of Galveston,Tex., en route to ms uuuw " -visitto relatives in Cincinnati, wasa guest several days this week ofhis daughter, Mrs. Chas. Posner, andMr. Posner, in Paris.Mr. and Mrs. Lee Davis JRedmon'are moving, to their bungalow onFifteenth street, which has recentlyundergone extensive remodeling.The home vacated by Mr.( and Mrs.Redmon, on Cypress street, wiUbjoccupied by Mr. and Mrs. EdwardSpears.The young men of Winchesterwill give a Hallowe'en dance atPremier" Hall on Wednesday, Oct.31 Invitations will be issued only'f-f-tnwn cuests. The hall willbe appropriately decorated for theoccasion and Garrett's SaxophoneQuartet will furnish the music.ttt. -RMnnoii w Galloway, formerly of the Deposit and PeoplesBank, has returned to the OfficersReserve Corps training camp at Ft.Benj. Harrison, near -Indianapolis,Ind., after a visit to his parents, Mr.and Mrs. Grant Galloway, on theFord's Mill pike, near Paris.,Mr Frank Collier! of the Woodlawn Dairy,, has rented) the residenceon Mt. Airy avenue, occupied by Rev.George H. Harris and family, andwill move to it on November 1. Rev.Harris and family will move to Versailles, where he will take, executivecharge of Margaret College and theVersailles Episcopal church.v Mrs. John McCann, of Toledo,Ohio, who is a guest of her niece..- x s Drnwn ics prmflned to netroom as the result of a fall sustain-,ed .recently while walking on. Broajfoway.' She had expected t to return,home with Mr. McCann this week,b.ut the. accident wUlause, hereto.postpone her return luueumtwj.(Other Personals on Page 50NEW TRAINING DEPARTMENT AT.HATTIESBURG CAMP.' General E. M. Lewis, camp com,mander, received orders from the WarDepartment to establish an iQfficersTraining School at Camp Shelby, atHattiesburg, Miss. Three hundredIndiana and Kentucky drafted menwho wish to enter a training campdo not have to go to Fort BenjaminHarrison or any other. training cainp,but can make their application andget theitt traaf Hattib:TheiurpoeftlSito hare each divis-Uoif, ile d Co, fDxingtoti, KentuckyofofWinter FashionsEMBRACINGEmbracing All .That Is New In fSuperb ModesFor Day and Evening Wear.SMART TAILOR MADE SUITSOf Silvertone, Velour and other handsome suitings, ,ele- t-gantly tailored, at $25,00 upward.SEMI-DRESS AND CALLINGSUITSHandsome models of Broadcloth, finest Velours and-, richvelvets, lUAunuuaiy Liuuiueu wiui ictaiiiuiiauiefurs, at $35.00 upward.HANDSOME COATSDeveloped in lovely soft materials, in rich autumn shades,with or without furs, $20.00 upward.. TAILORED SERGE DRESSESBraided, embroidered, beaded and plain pleated styles,1 at $20.00 upward.. FASHIONABLE FURSIntroducing the newest designs in sets of separate piecesof Taupe Fox, Black Fox, Kolinsky, Cross Fox, White1 Fox, Hudson Seal and other fashionable furs. .' EXQUISITE BLOUSES !EGeorgette Crepe, Crepe de Chine and washable Satin, in 'xavv ouib oiiauciS) -r,r upnaiUit Tailored Blouses of Linen and Voile, $2.50 upward.NEW SWEATER MODELS .WOLF, WBLE & CO; I!LEXINGTON, KY.JHIIIIilHMIIItHI'MlllllltlMMMHMIHIMItUjIljIfc.WANTEDmA 1 ! "ery AutomoDiie uwnerIn Bourbon CountyTo Have the Advantage of. Our;OrH H.B , Bl (H B ajHBjBBjBjV BbHR.JHi.Hr HiHi-"i, " MB JHIIHP.HHB.'Pi 1H .Bring your old tires to us andhave your work done by an expertwho has had years or experiencebuilding tires. Come and see foryourself.We Do Re-Treading andVulcanizing of All KindsG. S.BALLf M -. rf" k. --- .' rfifJXI?l202 tfSOtrat 1 1 vr KliL&U?Ul?WtlE'aU'i r ." -'s-w'Jk' .-. .. . ---. -..,Car. FMrth anic.4J:-Vwft;rmH&m:-"rfi.M'?Pmmtjifc.Xion tram -usomcero. -yr.ti'IV . .m- ?M. VV.f ,- 0- -i- : ' . .' "V&r J"ft .- V . -.,,-t i.tHE BOURBON NEWS, PARIS, K-frUULY, OCTOB 26, ljLTr.FOOEI 1 1 1 1 1 1 1. 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 4 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 III I H I II 11 1 II t-. " --767-ACRE FARM SALEWe are selling for the heirs of the late Samuel Blakemore, his magnificent estateof 767 acres of as good land as there is in Oldham, Shelby and Henry CountiesAt Public Auction, Thursday, Nov. 1, 1917, at 10 o'clock Sharpoh the farm which lies 5 miles from La Grange, 6 miles from Eminence, and 12 miles from Shelbyville, and upon thewaters of Floyd's Fork. We have cut this entire estate into FpUR FARMS, each being a compiete farm with improvements to itself.FRANK -ft, GO.' The Reliable Store.---'Farm No, 1.Parm No. 2.Parm No. 3.Farm No. 4.his U YoilrTerms Easy:!21 Acres BS country home, good stock barn, all necessary improvements, 30 acres good timber, plenty locust posts and only 40 acres in cultivation. Balance in grass and readyto make money on. -231 Acres beautiful cottage, 15-acre tobacco barn, good stock barn and plenty of good outbuildings. Some timber and bottom land and plenty of clover Only 5 acres in cultivation this year and all- needs' plowing.155 Acres Sood tenant house and tobacco b&rn, 50 acres of virgin timber and lots of posts.Good tobacco farm, .as crop grown this year will show.160 Acres Good tenant house and 12-acre tobacco barn. This farm. all lies on Floyd's Fork,and has more grass than anybody's farm. Lots o f bottom land, and every acre of thewhole farnj ought to raise lieirjp or tobacco.OttDortunity. Obey That Mnulse, Siiy how whiU ydii can at your own price. Bie Burgoo willbe served free to all who attend the sale.Only one-third cash, balance iii one, two and three years, 6 interest, with lien retained,, orall cash to suit purchaser. Our contract says sell.Automobiles will meet trains at Shelbyville and La Grange on day of sale.,.AuctioneersCol. J. T. Cowherdrvfci. rhas). C. Wheeler )All Stock and Implements on this Farmrwill be sold at Public Auction on October 25. 1917.WAKEFIELD REALTY CO., Shelbyville, Ky... j& -h. tji'!RELIGIOUS.'CHANGE IN POSTAL RATES.Rev. G. R. Combs, pastor, willoccupy his pulpit at the Methodistchurch, at 10:45 a. m. and 7 p. m.Sunday school at 9:30 a. m. Epworth League at 6 -p. m.The Endeavor Society of thePresbyterian church will meet at thecourt house Sunday evening at 6:30.The subject will be "Ministering toChrist." Leader, Miss Aileen Sauer.Tie public is cordially invited to -at--tend.PS lHft fcRBOSTON CAPITAL DEVELOPINGEASTERN KENTUCKY ITELDSThe coming of Boston people intor ' ;the Eastern Kentucky coal fields fordevelopment work brings about anew condition of things. LawrenceE. Tierney, L. H. Clarke and othersof Boston, have just completed theorganization of The Lawrence E.Tierney Coal Company, with $50,000capital for development of a largearea of coal lands lying along PondCreek in the eastern section of Pikecounty, the new work to be startedimmediately. utner eastern anaBoston financiers are coming into the"Eastern Kentucky coal fields. Thiswill mean much for the mountainsection.The local press is being asked byPostmaster J. Walter Payne to keepTHINGS TO WORRY ABOUT.There is one patriotic family inParis where the conservation of foodbefore the public the changes in and "meatless days" are to be rigidlypostal rates, which will take effect , practiced. The members of this fam-to-day, as follows:age shall be charged on all lettersily have solemnly pledged themselvesOn and after Nov. 2, 1917, post- to establish "meatless days" in theirhome each week, and in furtheranceand matter of the first class at the of that plan have adopted the folrate of three cents for each ounce . lowing schedule:or fraction thereof and drop letters!snail oe Tnaiiea at tne rate oi , twocents for each ounce or fractionthereof.DROP LETTERS A drop letter isone addressed for delivery from theoffice at which it is posted. There isno drop rate on any matter exceptletters. This includes all letterscollected by rural and city carriers.POSTAL CARDS Postal cardsshall be transmitted through themails at a postage" charge of twocents each.LOST.Fraternity pin, resembles letter N.fset with pearls and garnets. Initialson back, G. K. V., "Class 5." Lostbetween Geo. Varden's residence andCourt House. Finder return to(tf) ELISE VARDEN. ,Virgin Land For Sale!MABGOLEN'S BIG MEAT SPECIALFOB THIS WEEK.Specials for this week:Pork .'. per lb. 25 centsLard per lb. 25 centsHog Jowl per lb. 22 centsPrime Roast Beef . .'.per lb. 20 centsBest Steak, per lb 25 centsMARGOLEN'S SANITARY MEATMARKET. (23-2t)STOVES.Get your Gas andCoal Heaters now,and have them put upready for the colddays.A. P. WHEELER & CO." opp. Court House." (oct23-tf)150 acres of Laurel County vir-Jgin land that would make an idealchicken ranch. About 75 acresis high, flat land, andxbalance on abranch between two high bluffs.This branch land has enough tie andsmall timber on it to pay for it.Would be an ideal place for an orchard, being protected from frost toa great extent by these bluffs. Allkinds of fruits would do well. Someof this land would produce fair cornand tobacco, and all kinds of vegetables. It joins up close to L. & N station. An opportunity for a hustlerto get rich on a small investment.If interested call 404, CumberlandTelephone. (tf)Monday Bear meat; Tuesday-moose; Wednesday Venison; Thursiday mountain goat; Friday elephant; Saturday antelope; Sundayhippopotamus.Eggs WantedHighest market price paid in cashfor fresh eggs.CITY RESTAURANT,Cumb. Phone 734 Paris, Ky.(26-3t-pd)Administrator's NoticeSOME SUIT.-v Suit has been filed in the office ofthe Clerk -of the Bourbon Circuit.Court, in this city, by Mrs. LaviniaEstill Chenault Cunningham, represented "by her attorney, R. S. Craw-s ford, of Lesington, to" recover thesum of $60 from Chief of PoliceFred Link, of this city.In her petition Mrs. Cunninghamalleges that Chief Link told her hehad located her granddaughter inChicago; that he had seen her, andwould recover her and return 0 herT to Paris for the sum of $60, whichshe further alleges she paid over tohim. Mrs. Cunningham alleges thatthere was no such granddaughter,End that she has been deceived inthe matter. ,-. ' -, f -" " . NOTICE TO THE PUBLIC:In planning benefit entertainmentsit is well for the people to know thatthe rules of the National Red CrossSociety do not permit of entertainments given under the name of thet" Red Cross or for its benefits withoutthe permission of the local chapter.No entertainments are sanctionedor permitted at all where the pro-motors get a per cent, of the moneymade to use for other purposes.BOURBON CIRCUIT COURTJohn W. Tanner's Admr PlaintiffVs. NOTICE.Richard Tanner, Etc DefendantsNotice is hereby given that allclaims against the estate of John W.Tanner, deceased, must be presented,proven as required by law, to the unriArsisTiAri Master Commissioner, athis office in the Bourbon-AgriculturalBank Building, in Paris, Kentucky,on or before the 15th day of November,! 1917, .after which date allclaims will be barred.Done pursuant to an order of theBourbon Circuit Court entered in theabove styled action therein pending.O. T. HINTON,Master Commissioner Bourbon Cir-v cuit Court.(oct30-nov. 2) .,...-Fair Warning!All parties owing accounts morethan two months past due to the undersigned merchants, who are members of the Business Men's ProtectiveAssociation of Bourbon County, arehereby requested to call and arrangewith said mercants for a settlementof such accounts at once. Unlessyou do this, each merchant will, according to our By-Laws, be compelledto give your name and amount ofdebt to our Secretary for record andcollection. .The purpose of our Association isnot to put any hardship or place anyundeserved criticism upon any onebut something had to be done tobreak up the "dead beat" businessof this county. Your merchant nodoubt" will act humanely and allowyou- .to pay just a little each weekon your old account. Surelyyou do not want your name to appear in our Black List as a "Delinquent." All your merchant and our Association asks of you is come and letus reason together. Show that youare honest and mean to pay yourdebts, by even paying a little eachweek as best you can. This is surelynot asking too much. But remember,you must do this at once, beforeour Black Lists are printed andmailed to each of our members..THE BUSINESS MEN'S PROTECTIVE ASSOCIATION OF BOURBON COUNTY.FRED WECKESSER,Chairman.WM. GRANNAN,Secretary and Attorney.Wilmoth & Co.Busy Bee Cash Store,L. R. Bramblett,P M. Heller,Baldwin Bros.,J. A. Sullivan,Harry Simon, ''John J. Connelly,Higgins & Flanagan, vLavin & Connell, -C. L. Goldstein, "L. Wollstein,Margolen & Co.,John- Merringer,Mitchell & Blakemore, 'Bourbon News,Kentuckian-Citizen,Harry Linville,Tilford Burnett, ',Logan Howard, wSkillman Bros., ,Mulfinger & Stone, ;Lusk & Shea,Dr. L. Oberdorfer,C. P. Cook & Co.,Dan Jordan, ".-R. P. Walsh, .H. J. Grosche, -S. Rummans, fc' T. W. Spicer,H. M. Collins & Co., vB. Friedman,J. A. Stern,J. Elvove.FOR SALETwo pure-bred Hampshire Boars.Ready for service.A. S. THOMPSON &SON.R. F. D. 1, Paris, Ky.(26-2t).Walnut Logs Wanted.Uncle Sam wants Walnut logsfor making Gun Stocks. I buy them.Walnut logs are worth more nowthan they will ever be again. Helpwin the war by selling your walnuttimber now.Call or write me for pVices.H. C. WOOLF,-(26-3t), Winchester, Ky.XBIG LINENEW :COATSJUSTRECEIVEDS t,-.APRICES REASONABLECOME IN AND SEEFRANK C& CO.mWHtimWWftflllllHIMHIItMHIHfSPECIAL REGISTRATION DAYS.S2f.' -Special registration, days for thoseZY- I . .. . A 211 ssjatri altOAHJrtTom the city, or of illness in theirfaMiliee, were prevented from registeriag on tke regular day; Oct. 3,kave toe, designated as Monday,Tveatey, U; Wi4me4ay, Nov. 5; GAMI 7. The ec4al registration willt JmU I -'tfc oHoe of Coumty Clerk- Nearer Patoa. "PUBLIC SALEOFShorthorn & Polled Angus CowsTo Be Htld at Caywood & McCllntock's Stock Yards onMonday Morning, November 5thAff 10 O'clock.I will sell at the above time and place one hundred andtwenty-five three-year-old high-grade Shorthorn and PolledAngus cows thai have had calves in 1916, and have been bred tosome of the best registered Hereford bulls in Central Kentucky,and to the prize-winning Shorthorn bull, Dorrit's Marshall, son ofWhitehall Marshall, twice champion of America and sold for$10,000.00. These cows will produce calves such as the farmers"should raise, ad some of them have calves' at their sides.TERMS Cash, or approved no$e for four months(oct263t)-A. B. HANCOCK,Mii.HV L.W itrmnf - AMtTOvKyTHE BANKSOF PARISUrge All DepositorsTo Subscribe Forv9United States Government'2nd Liberty Loan4 per cent BondsHumanity demands that we supply our Government wit funds to adequately equip our Army andNavy, and it is the duty of all to do their share in thisNational Crisis.' .We will attend to all details for subscribers withoutmaking any charge for our services and your Nationcalls on you to back up your Flag with your Dollars.Farmers & Traders BankFirst National BankPeoples Deposit Bank & Trust C.durbbn Bank & Trjut; Co.,.i::t,V v:""7,"-.V iiC..--2.... - .thiday, October: as, im.THE BOURBON NEWS, PAIS, KY.PAcvimpSOCIAL AND PERSONAL.1"(lllltlmFOR THE BESTNOTHING ELSEWINDOW GLASS.Glazing properly done.DAUGHERTVS,Fifth and Main Streets.fe 1ft 1QOYSTERS AND SAUSAGE.Fresh, oysters received everyday. Price's famous sausage alwayson hand.(It) C. P. COOK & CO.Comingsand Goings of OurPeople Here, There andElsewhere.DON'T FALL TO REGISTER.All voters who were preventedfrom registering on the regular day,if they were out of the city or wereill, can register by going to theCounty Clerk's office next Mdnday,Tuesday or Wednesday.Ha lea tePALMER SCHOOL PIE SUPPER.Be sure to attend the pie supperto he given at the Palmer schoolhouse, on the Ruddles Mills pike tonight, beginning at 7:30 o'clock. Theproceeds of the sale of pies will bedevoted to the benefit of the dayschool. Earl Linville and Joe Bellwill officiate as auctioneers, whichinsures plenty of fun.J 13 Ea "-.PLANNING DEVELOPMENTSat.The Bourbon Oil & DevelopmentCompany, with headquarters inParis, is planning immediate developments on their oil leases on. theVincent farm near Soldier in theEastern Kentucky oil fields now being exploited. The stock of thiscompany has been going fast in thelast two months. iA NEW STOCK OF BELTERSJust received this morning byexnress. Very desirable patterns:fc in this popular style for young men$18 to $35. .J. W. DAVIS & CO.FORMER PARISIAN ENLISTSAVIATION CORPS.INMr. Ernest Beheler, formerly ofParis, now a resident of Lexington,has enlisted in the United StatesArmy Aviation Corps at the Lexington recruiting station. Mr. Beheleris a son of Mr. and Mrs. W. A.Beheler, who moved to Lexingtonfrom Paris several months ago.While Residing in Paris, Mr. Behelerwas associated with his father in themanagement and operation, of theParis Bottling Works, which theydisposed of previous to moving toLexington.la to toFRESH FISH TO-DAY.Mrs. Gertrude Smoot is a guestof Mr. and Mrs. Wm. Howard, Sr.,in Richmond.Mrs. Lee Price and Mfs. RudolphDavis were visitors in Cincinnati,Wednesday.Miss Mayme Fitzgerald,, of theCumberland Telephone office, was arecent guest of her sister, Mrs. L.M. Dunn, in Carlisle.Hons. El wood Hamilton, ofFrankfort, and Frank Green, of f!nr-Lrollton, were the, guests Wednesdaytu xuayor j. t. Hinton.Miss Margaret Cox. of WesfWW. Va., is a guest of her aunt, Mrs.John M. Flanagan, and Mr. Flanagan, on Houston avenue.Mrs. Frank Bryan, formerlyMiss Lucy Mann, of Paris, is recovering trom an operation for appendicitis, in a Covington hospital.Mrs. Edward Turner entertained with beautiful luncheon-bridgeat her lovely country home on theClintonville pike yesterday. Aboutforty guests were present.Mr. and Mrs. Ben Woodfordand Mrs. James Woodford, of thecounty, spent yesterday at CampZachary Taylor, near Louisville, asa guest of Mr. Brooks Woodford,who is a member of the Bourbon,county contingent in the armv service there.Miss Kate Burke, of the SimnnDepartment Store- sales forces, isconfined to her home on Seventhstreet, suffering from injuries received by a fall on the pavementSunday evening. In falling MissBurke struck, a. lare flower urnstaiiClihg near a window she was clos-jing, and dislocated her shoulder.1Mrs. C J. McLear" lett yesterday afternoon fox Qwenton, whereshe will reside Mrs. McLear recently purchased the Clark Hotel, in.Owehtoh, which she has leased toMr. and Mrs. Clark for a period offive years. The hotel will be conducted in the future under the nameof The St. Nicholas. Mrs. McLearwill take rooms at the hotel as atemporary residence.Among the out-of-town visitorswho were present at the LibertyLoan exercises at the court houseWednesday afternoon were Mr. J.Esten Keller, at one time a residentof Paris, and Mr. August C. Gutzeit, also of Lexington, and also aformer Paris man. Mr. Gutzeit anaMr. Keller both experienced thekeenest pleasure in meeting oldacquaintances, many of whom theyhad not seen in thirty years. Mr.Gutzeit, though born of Germanparents, is one of the most patriotic Americans in Lexington, as hasbeen attested by his purchase of$75,000 worth, of Liberty LoanBonds.(Other Personals on Page 3)to to toTHE TURKEY SEASON.The government advocates theeating of fish to conserve the meatsupply. We have plenty of allkinds of fish for to-day and to-morrow.Dressed and delivered free ofcharge.MARGOLEN'S SANITARY MEATMARKET. .THE RED CROSS WORK.The Winchester correspondence of.the Lexington Herald says:"Mrs. W. H. Whitley, of Paris,has written to a friend here ret uest-ing that a pattern of the regulationarmy 'housewife' be sent to her, sothat the patriotic women of that"h ustl in sr countv may assist in. thisgood work. The Paris and Bourboncounty women have organized tomake these necessary comfort-kitsfor the soldier boys and are anxiousto begin the work as soon as possible.That city and county have alreadydone much excellent service in thewar relief work."to to'to 'OP-TOM-E-TRY.Visit me in my new place. I willmake examination f ree all next weekin order to demonstrate my abilityto test eyes Do not miss this opportunity of knowing your true eyecondition, and remember -you areunder no obligation to buy. Thorough examination made without theuse of drops.Yours for better eyesight,(26-2t) DR. W. R. FRANKLIN.' to to toFIRST REAL SNOW OF THE SEASON ON TUESDAY.This section was visited Tuesdayby the first real snow of the season.It began falling a little after seveno'clock, f- continued at intervalsthroughout the forenoon. The flakeswere not large, but came down quitelively at times.In the afternoon the storm took onthe aspect of a blizzard, and the snowfell in a blinding squall from a darkand threatening cloud, and was driven by a strong, cutting wind. Thecloud soon passed, but was followedby others later with a kavy fall ofsnow, most of which soon melted.The trst snow in this vicinity lastyear fell on November 18, but therewas frost and ice on October 12. Theearliest snow which "the oldest inhabitant" remembers to have seenfall in this section was on October1, 18&8, whe there was a fall ofone ami. osc-balf inches, which rem&iB'om tke srrouad for severalmrs.With the coming of November theannual turkey season will be uponus. C. S. Brent & Bro., who operateslaughtering houses in Paris, Millersburg, Carlisle and Flemingsburg,will soon begin preparing for receiving the birds. The Millersburgagent, Mr. John H. Stuart, has beenin Carlisle recently superintendingsome improvements there. .The exact date for the openingof the Thanksgiving market has notyet been fixed, but it is generallyabout ten days before that greatday. Reports from the county areto the effect that the turkey cropwill be short this season. This isnot only true of this county, butthe same conditions exist in the otherturkey-raising counties. So farnothing has been said as to the priceto be paid for the fowls, but withthe scarcity and "war prices" thewomen of the county need not fearbut that they will receive a recordprice.TOBACCO SEASON MAY BE LATEIN opmotg..It seems to be the general opinionamong the local tobacco men that theloose leaf season at the Paris warehouses will not open much beforethe middle of December.It has been stated that when theseason opens so early in Decemberthe warehouses operate at a heavyloss for several weeks, and especiallythis year will the farmers be latewith their stripping. The selectivedraft has taken a large number ofthe best men from the ranks of tobacco workers, and the tobacco people are experiencing considerable difficulty in securing competent help.It is more than likely that the season will open in plenty of time forthe farmers and growers to markettheir crops so that the tenants andworkers can have some part of theirChristmas money.HEAL' ESTATE CHANGES HANDSMr. Harry Mitchell, of Paris, formerly manager of the Paris GrandOpera House, on Tuesday purchasedof Mr. John M. Henry, of Montgomery county, his farm of 82 acres,located " near the Grassy Lick andSideview pikes, for $157.50 peracre, or a total- of $13,000.Possession will be given on March1, 1918. Mr. Mitchell bought thefarm as an investment.The farm contains two tobaccobarns, tenant house and corn crib,and is practically all in clover andbluegrass.Mr. Soloman Redmon sold his farmof about 200 acres, on the Redmonpike near Paris, to Harvey Wagoner, of Kiserton, for $37,000. Thefarm is well-improved and is conveniently located in all respects.Miller & Lilleston recently purchased the property located on thenortheast corner of Eighth and Highstreets, owned by Mrs. John McrGinley, at a private price. They willerect two modern brick businesshouses on the property, which is ina very desirable locality.Mr. Lee Houston has sold hisfarm of 220 acres, near Connersville,in Harrison county, to Mr. GeorgeHoskins, at a private price. Mr.Houston recently purchased . the302-acre farm of Mr. Joe Perraut,near Shawhan, formerly owned byProf. J. M. Scott, to which he willmove soon. -...Mr. David Anderson, of Jacksonville, this county, has purchased afine farm of several hundred acresnear Crittenden, Ky., and will movehis family there about November, 1.1Mr. Anderson and his estimablewifOt whd was formerly Miss Neppie Conrad, have many friends inParis and. the county, who regrettheir going so far away.Mrs. Dan L. Moore, of Harrods-burg, sister of Mrs Charlton Alexander, of Paris, purchased this weekthe beautiful Moore place "Moreland," embracing the residence andforty acres surrounding, for $36,000.to to toWE KNOWJHOW.When you have anything to sell inthe real estate line call on us.(16-6t) PARIS REALTY CO.NOTICE TO TAXPAYERS. I will meet the taxpayers of Bourboncountv at the Sheriff's office every Wednesday and Saturday-com mencing Oct.;27th and will assistthem in making outtheir tax lists. This ismore especially forthe benefit of the farmers. Time is gettingshort to hand in lists.I will be glad to assistthose who don't understand how 'to listtheir property, on theabove days.R. M. GILKEY.Assessor Bourbon County.(oct23-tf)BED CROSS CHAPTEES TO MEETIN MILLERSBURG.A "get-together-meeting" of theRed Cross Chapters of the countywill be held on Friday afternoon,Oct. 26, from 1 till 5 o'clock, at theMillersburg Military Institute. MissCooks, of the State Woman's Bureau,and another speaker designated by"Mr. Greene, State Director, wMgive instruction and informationabout Red Cross work. A drill bythe cadets of the M.'M. I.Vill be afeature of the occasion. All membersof the Red Cross are urged to bepresent and the women are requestedto brine their knitting. A silyeroffcrimr will'bt receire at thedoonDon't be a hermitlDon't shut yourself up fromthe world's best musicDon't deny your family thepleasure of hearing the world'sgreatest singers.The World's greatest tenorsCaruso,Martinelli,McCormack,The world's greatest sopranosGalli-Gurci,Farar,Tettrazzini,The world's greatest baritonesWhitehill,Scott,The world's greatest contrrltos.Schumann-HeinkyHomer,sine jor the VICTOR Recordsexclusively.We have an immense stockand are constantly adding newrecords. Come in and hearthem in our new Victrola department-secondfloor.DaughertyBros.Paris, Keiticky .&Fall and Winter!COATS$ 1 5.00 to $65.00New Arrivals that will Cause Great Activityin pur Ready-to-Wear Section.Every style, every material, every new,pleasing color is on display. These Coats fcare in Velour, Bolivia, Burella, Broadcloth,,Kersey, Plush and Pori Ron,Beautiful Dresses$6.95 to $37.50In Satin, Charmeuse, Wool, Jersey,Georgette Crepe, Crepe de Chene, GeorgetteCombinations, Taffeta and Wool Serges.All in Autumn's newest colorings.Stunning$15.00 to $65.00Now, here we have Suits in the wantedmaterials and colorings. All are tailored inthe season's very newest and clevereststyles.66RECORD SALE"OFHIGH GRADEPATTERN HATSValues that formerly sold up to $9.00,Sale Price$5.00We Carry a Complete Line of Warner's Rust Proof Corsets.HARRY SIMONOne Price To AllvJoin Our McDougalliiiiirai$iWe Have Only a Few Places Left !and $1.00 Per WeekPuts One In Your Homem-zt.$TAnd you get thcrbest Kitchen Cabinet made when yauget theMcDougallAnd the McDougallis the only KitchenCabinet made thathas theAUTODISAPPEARINGFRONTJust a Few Places Left!Join the Club To-day!THEJ.T.HINTONCOiMOTOR HEARSEtmotor my AW COACHUNDERTAiSNOa.-. ::-r" V;$Iflfffft.-. -,'." - - - - -'.. " -rv " - r- -ffBiiHBI,.. -wt.CHAJOmLAirS COTOH REMEDYTHE MOST RELIABLE.After many years' experience in-the use of it and other medicines,there are many who prefer Chamberlain's to any other. Mrs.A. C. Kirstein, Greenville, Ills., writes: "Chamberlain's Cough Remedy has beenused in my mother's home and minefor years, and we always found it auick cure lor colds and bronchialtroubles. We find it to be the mostreliable cough medicine we haveused."(adv-oct)' ft 'Aweak 'mind is like a microscope,which magnifies trifling things, butcannot receive great ones. Chesterfield.THE JACKSOJT TWO SOW 'PLATING IN WINCHESTER.THE "UBEfcTY -BONTORE -TO mHISTORIC EVENT.The Jackson Trio; three musicians There will be a great bonfireof a decidedly high order, who t kindled in Washington City, Fridaygreatjy pleased patrons of the Alamo and the Paris Grand last week,are now filling an engagement atthe Colonial Theatre, in Winchester.This trio came to Paris direct fromplaying an engagement on the B. F.Keith vaudeville circuit, and it is tobe regretted they could not remainhere longer.IS s& JsaThe human voice is produced byfourteen different muscles:A poet has been known to makedollars out of lines that ordinarymortals coud not make sense out of.. It Saves GasThe economy alone of thisDETROIT JEWEL"SPECIAL"GAS RANGEMakes it unusually desirable.Better baking, greater conveniences, extreme cleanlinessand durability make it unbetterable at any price.On Sale This Week at Only ' $40.00A Special Representative From the Factory Will BeHere October 29, 30, 31.MSHlBiT. W. SPICERMain Street, Opposite Court House. BOTH PHONESini I , t;- r C Vnight, from wood gathered frommany historic spots in all parts of thecountry which prove to the worldthat Fires of Liberty still continue toburn brightly in this glorious Union,and that the people are loyal and patriotic and will not be swayed fromthe path of duty the uplifting ofhumanity and the overflow of auto-cracy and militarism.There had been numerous requestsfor wood taken from trees upon somehistoric places, and, as Madisoncounty is one of the most historicspots in Kentucky, being the homeof Daniel Boone, the great pioneerand settler of the great Commonwealth, the people gladly respondedto the call. Mr. C. C. Thomas sentto Washington, D. C, to the committee in charge, a piece of timbertaken from a tree at Boonesboro,upon which was written the following inscription:"Piece of timber from one of thetwo trees under which Daniel Boonemade Treaty with the Indians atCamp Boone, at' Boonesboro, Madisoncounty, Ky." 'A stick of wood from the scene ofthe Battle of the Blue Licks was sentto Mrs. McAdoo, at Washington, D.C, by Mrs. Walter Mathews for theLexington Chapter D. A. Rv and onefrom the home of General John Morgan for the Major Otis S. TenneyChapter U. D. C. Mrs. Mathews'ancestors fought in the Battle ofBlue Licks.IQ Pa "F3A MIRACULOUS ESCAPEFMDAY, OCTOBER 24, HEVIPiw ', ' ' '" ,m ! j i ' !" w 1 1 v i ' )tv,UMMBBam&se!B39wmnmBaBaamBmmEmmmmin-. '"-;- ":: - -" " l?:YA(Shelbyville. (Del.) Cor. Phil. NorthAmerican. )Asleep in the middle of the railroad track, a two-year-old girl escaped injury when a fast train bound toOcean City passed over it.The train was running about 60miles an hour. The engineer did notnotice the child until only a few fee.taway. Brakes were applied, and thetrainmen ran back and picked up little Annie Kosh, fully dressed andsound asleep, lyhig face downwardupon the ties.The child had to be awakened andimmediately began to cry. Not ascratch was found upon her, notwithstanding the fact that a locomotiveand five coaches had passed over her.RUSSIAN SITUATION HOPEFUL.G. W. DAVISFuneral DirectorCorntr Fifth and Pleasant Streets, Paris, Ky.Day Phants 137 Night Phones 299 or 999Automobile Ambulance Automobile HearseUndertakingOur Winton-Six Automobile Ambulance with Johnson -&Johnson First Aid Equipment and the Lungmotor (recentlysecured by us at great expense) a resuscitating device" forthose apparently dead from drowning, gas poisoning, electricshock, collapse from anaesthasia, etc., always ready for service, uai kjk jNUirrr. rnone us immediately whenaccident occurs.anThe soldier in the old Russianarmy had fewer rights than a dogand was treated far worse. Thewonder is,' not that the new Russianarmy has so little discipline, butthat it has so much. So says Chas.Edward Russell, the Root commissioner who has just returned fromRussia, and whose article on the newSlav republic in Hearst's Magazinefor November amounts practically toan official report on Russian conditions. Mr. Russell, with a fullknowledge of all that Russia is nowgoing through, is very hopeful aboutthe eastern situation, and believesthat by next spring the Russianarmies will again be doing their fullshare in making the world safe fordemocracy.HERE'S CONSERVATION-.Speaking of conservation, whichseems to be the topic of the hour andthe day, a- Paris man set a precedentand furnished a solution of thevexed problem of how to dispose ofdead leaves. This man has hadt teams going over Paris the past fewdays gathering up loads of, deadleaves that had been swept into thegutters by housekeepers, and usingthem for bedding for orses andcows -at his big barn on Secondstreet. The soft, dry leaves make anexcellent substitute for straw bedding; and besides, make a splendid5 top, dressing 'for gardens and flowerbeds durinfTthe. winter.We used to say:"The MaxwellV real greatness is on .theinside the mechanical parts you can't see;''But the wonderful new 1918 Maxwell hs,just been delivered to us.Now we've changed our tune.Today we say:"The Maxwell is great inside and outgreat in EVERY POSSIBLE way."Always the most efficient most economical light car built, the. Maxwell now has :A 6-inch longer wheel .base, making, itlarger and roomier.Heavier and more rigid frames 6 inches,instead of 3 inches deepand yet is 50 poundslighter.Compensating, underslung. rear , springs:the last word in spring suspension at any price.A sloped windshield style of body equalto the highest priced cars.Friends, the 1918, Maxwell is the bestlooking, best built car, for the money weaverV-1KhfUtsaw:m H'BbhbbBK !BBBBBfmtJF ,fvTouring Cqr $745Memdeter $745; Cempe $1095; Berime $1095;Sedan $1095. Ali price f. . e. Detreitm??sCWR"BhVsf-'KMgtfA.V. DOUGLASHigh St., Near Eighth Paris, KentuckymSNAKE IN CHURCH PAHSBLUPF THE PASTOR.TOAn ex-bachelor says that the next, best thing to Tiaving a wife is to possess a good wife.REAL ECONOMYMeans Buy Your Winter Supplyof Necessary Qotfeang Now,- When the time comes for" u to- replenish- our stock.pricesJonprices will be greatly advanced. PresentMen's and Boys Suits, Overcoats, Underwear, Shoes,Etc, are very reasonable at our store.LET US HELP YOU SAVE!V(!A religious meeting at the CrossPlains Methodist church near Vincennes, Ind., was disturbed when abig black snake crawled out fromunder the altar just as the minister,the Rev. C. E. Bromley, was aboutto administer the sacrament ofcommunion. Several persons werekneeling at the altar when the serpent appeared with its head up in theair. The preacher was equal to theoccasion. He said the serpent didtempt Bve, but is couldn't bluff him,and fulfilled the ancient prophesy bykilling the reptile, after which themeeting proceeded.THEBeautifulGulfCoast!WcniygrTtr.2!iZ22i3.MwvHKjJivit;XSI M I?HKbl!WHI WEEsf fHSflJ .W .,.?nmmmmBros. Clothing and Shoe Dept.THERE'S a heap of joylETaion' of good coal.Your stfoveor furnacewon't haye;much? troublefrom extracting comfortfrom a ton of coal if youbuy it from us. Our raDid;- delivery will please you.W. C, D0DS0NSouth Main St.The beautiful thing about the Gulf Coast, between New Ori.iPensacola, is thjt it is a real playgrqund, summer ? wtaSrvground for northern folk from November to- IVTay- and tor ttl aZ&7'during the summer months. You can't a foruchmore of iixltture than has been expended on the Gulf littoral between NSnirand Pensacola. There are pine woods, forests oi ? live oakl alf S'fe"8'and mysterious, long stretches of winding, shaded roads SdSSfloTl0? hamletf and mode resorts teeminwitnaand active life; lovely retreats where you can swine K 1? in.5? tTGoing South on the Louisville & Nashville Railroad f fan ,, iMobile, it is impossible to escape the infection of ToySus' livin7 eveH?'you wanted to do that. At every stop throngs of people Se I'oin? anlcoming youth and age alike, getting on or off the trains TfMX5a"FaDJ-' frafrant ir greet you. n morlovfr a piaceof lanenatural outdoor joys in surroundings of homely comfort or of luSSfii-KiSr y Prefer Ifc ls U locality of anient and honorable ft?ditions and the natives are descended from holder nf ta Sv - Jage-old ancestral oakfand Vown ove'r tStaKS? '"xSSfJperennials; and they iook out over the gulf water J 5? xLf andthe scuddling sails, the beach and the Srf If ?you S?t SSI. fit Z?'down, there in the golden sunshine and among the coSntw ?l?eSS' and attractions of that playground, dou'tgo South in ?hTwwdiVe0nS4ng to find your "Promised Land," for ybf?li Tnave !S,lv l ?T SPt? -"your pains. No choicer spot exists and SStte? comfor ?cf tT0U ? 'found. The winter climate is ideal nbt nlomforUW? wri w t0hate and bracing, .putting snap and SrteTOSK, ' mder"-. 70-u.rinIL??9?ff th? Onlf Coast is one of the ways travelers Mp' infind their own particular choice-and Jor this nu? thlL tLof the IkiuisvllINayille Railrbad'i conveiin Y?u n sfonv"erywhere. besrinnin? af Mnu o u-.. mjZ??1?.-' io.u cn S"P ev- ,lies .lnwinrt nnWiii. ,.,. ,J. i-ery - 1pPsrPhicany, the coastZTL r;i' ' r"a. "-j lowara tne ninterland''farmland.pus,waterscapeby rich andvarietyV f AttTA'forested with pines, broken in the oWri..ffirmlar. rpK , it- i . T"" "' "" "IU . DrOUClLVe"4n',, -TX i iv lue mu cn indented, the' numerous ,bay "fcay-?;i2?ddJ1!?c?f-1TJnaemingly endlessamd- XiSS &iffi.rPfti g& isnore 4a..a, -linwhich, isj productiveljyinST Off.ttlft hnr loo .1 "' i."-av7TT JJiZTTWZPi..i.-t-- i;. - i vr -i-it 7 " t - ""TiviAiajnuua. jorminr.TniftiiTr14VF-BOis .?H .lfr Tt jt' "?iXiSft--I i.wHi,Hi PimymmiiinwMi'Atmmm'lx--tt.. i Vi t4' iyrf?iCii' - -l .t .tr-.tf- w. .5.uie.jeBocia" tnanju t- -.n -rf- toz . un j ubcu. jjm.ii ljis jkb irjB' h w jLvjmj m k.kk - r -- 7T a r . .ja -. .- k ii w-- . ' . ' r tV, . ,-- ; ., . . --.. . . j' - ..--J' ' ,.-. 3-''TJKDAY, OCtCER 14, IfiT.EW CEFTIYOUR DAJDXTOF ANDfffOPS TALLDTG HAIRSave Your Hair! Make, It Thick,Wavy and BeautifulTry This!Thin, brittle, colorless and sn'rrrhair is mute evidence of a neglected jscalp; of dandruff that awful scurf .There is nothing so destructive tothe hair as dandruff. It robs the hairof its lustre, its strength and itsvery life eventually producing afeverishness and itching of the scalp, .which if not remedied causes theJhair roots to shrink, loosen and diethen the hair falls fast. A littleDanderine to-night now any time Protect it irom corrosion or barna-will surely save your hair. . cesGet a smairbottle of Knowlton's "cnTTQT-JrAPw""Danderine from any drug -store or oUUifc dIUJOAIaH..toilet counter, and after the first ap- Eat 8lowl masticate your foodplica ion your hair will take on that thorouglllV) abgtain from meat for alife, lustre and luxurance of abund-lfew d and Jn mogt cagegance, an incomparable gloss and soft- tomach wlll di If it doesV bUt - T ? 6 yu,most not, take one of Chamberlain's Tabwill be after just a few weeks use , immediately after supper. Redwhen you will actually see a lot of meatg are mogfc nkel tQ cauge gourfine, down hair newair growing Rtomacl and find ft begtall over the scalp. (adv) t them QUt--- 7 Vwtttop i vi L INowoman asks more some havelfound all tHisarid"morftmostly they "are women wholwearRenga. Belt corsets j.Models for every figure some'witfTJ'slastic'Cwebbing?or greater freedom alL with double watch spring boning.!For Safe ByPrank &Prices $2.00,iAl4iAAi4ii4iiA44AiAi444twin Bros. Department StoreI Swentb and main $t$.Twin Bros.A YEARNAVY.TO PAINTOur battleships literally eat paint,The initial color requirements for anew battleship cost about $2 5',Q 00,which is the price of about 100 tonsof the kind of paint the navy uses.addition to tnis, according to thePopular Science Monthly, it' is cu3-lonuiry LO repami.me ainerem partsor a snip two or tnree times a year,so the annual upkeep probably exceeds this sum. This brings the annual outlay in for the entire fleet toa million dollars.The most important coating a vessel receives is the paint applied tothe submerged parts of the hull toiris e'heightTof jeciotfjomykto wear Rengo Belt,corsets theyjastMost;"reducihgcors;ethave ,,theirstyle. ninesonly when. they are'newJ,engo Belt corsets retaintheir lines' until they areworn,out;-and greatestcomfort comes, after thefirst wear. jlhis fs.the reason hy,Rengo Belt corsets,have gathered newadmirers each yearuntilthey haye.Ip.ecomeJamouEconomicalSatisfyingMost Comfortable$3.00, $5.00Paris, KentuckyTOLLIONABOUTSTYLEHere It Is !SUITS JFrom $10.00 UpCOATSFrom $5.98 UpHATSFrom $1.00 Up4ItAAA;!.IAiAAAAI.1MAKE YOUR HALLOWE'EN SUIT NOW!We have ,a large line of solidand fancy materials also thepatterns.Dept. StoreEXHIBITORSrTRI(rtlC.The United States Civil ServiceCommission has received an expression of the patriotism of practicallyall the. exhibitors of motion, picturesin the United States. The Government is in need of thousands of typewriter operators and stenographersof both sexes for war work in Washington, and through its 3,000 localboards of examiners in that manycities,""the Commission requested theowners and mana'gers of motionpicture theatres to allow free ofcharge an announcement on theirscreens of this need of the Government. The refusals were so few as tobe negligible. Not more than a hundred of the 20,000 odd exhibitorswho were approached declined torender to the people the service asked. Even these can not be chargedwith disloyalty; most of them helddecided views as to their duty totheir patrons who pay for entertainment only.The only criticism of the Government come from three" exhibitors whodeclined on the grounds that it wasproposed to place a tax on motionpicture tickets. One owner askedremuneration in the sum of 25 centsa week, and another stipulated thathe was to be relieved of any responsibility for damage to the slides furnished by the Government. Theslides cost less than 10 cents apiece.Almost , without exception the"movie" men were not only willing,but were even eager to serve theGovernment in the manner requested. This hearty response from 20,000 business men representative ofevery part of the country has astriking significance. It is interesting to note in this connection thatthe estimated daily attendance at motion picture shows in the UnitedStates is ten million. This allowsan aveage of 500 for each house.is la jaaBAD COLD? HEADACHYAND NOSE STUFFED."Pape's Cold Compound"EndsColds and imppe in aFew Hours.Take "Pape's Cold Compound"every two hours until you have takenthree doses, then all grippe miserygoes and your clogged-up nostrilsand the air passages of tne bead;stops nasty discharge or nose running; relieves the headache, dullness, reverisnness, sore iiiroat, sneering, soreness and stiffness.Don't stay stuffed up! Quit blowing and snuffling. Bast your throbbing head nothing else in the worldgives such prompt relief as "Pape'sCold Compound," which costs onlya few cents at any drug store. Itacts without assistance, tastesnice,and causes no inconvenience. Accept no substitute. (adv)DUPONT POWIDER COMPANYSUBSCRIBES $45,000.000.The DuPont Powder Company, ofPhiladelphia, has subscribed'for $45,000,000 of the second Liberty LoanBonds, increasing the company'stotal subscription to $50,000,000.Other subscriptions of $6,000,000were reported Wednesday in theFederal Reserve district making thetotal $56,000,000 the largest singleday subscription during the presentcampaign.The DuPont subscription is one ofthe largest so far recorded in anydistrict.-M ISMRS. SMITH RECOMMENDS CHAMBERLAIN'S TABLETS."I have had more or less stomachtrouble for eight or ten years," writesMrs. G. H. Smith, Brewer ton, N. Y."When suffering from attacks of indigestion and heaviness after eating,cne or two of Chamberlain's Tabletshave always relieved me. I have alsofound them a pleasant laxative."These tablets tone up the stomachand enable it to perform .its functionsnaturally. If you are troubled withindigestion give them a trial, get welland stay well.(adv-oct)- a is laKENTUCKY BANKS HAVE $217,124,211 ON DEPOSITWith eight banks failing to reportto the State Tax Commission, therewere $217,124,211.27 on deposit inthe various banks of the State, September 1. Of this amount $39,772,175.78 is exempt from taxation, leaving $177,352,035.49 subject to taxation. The tax due the State on thisamount under the Picket bank billis $177,352.04.3 The national banks have depositsamounting to $105,899,656.iQ4, withexemptions amounting to $30,894,5 02.3 3. while State banks 'had ondeposit $111,224,553.23 with exemption amounting to $8,877,673.45THE RIFLE BANK..For the thrifty soul with sportsman-like tendencies a novel savingsbank has recently been invented. Bya clever arrangement of the bank anda small gun on a metal stand youare able to shoot your money intosafekeeping. The bank is concealedby a target-like arrangement with aslot in the bull's-eye. The nickle,dime or quarter is placed in the gun;the trigger is pulled and the coin fliesinto the bank.One of the most important items inI your business, is in 'adequate amountf'M0VIE"AxlX4.xA- m B' Mm 49 w. liTT - l-mflTi-lic , . ,-.a : -:-'-Z.:Wecfaijday Sept.Up to midnight, September 12th, during a pteriod of8 months, we sold and delivered to tire dealers moreUnited States Tires than we sold to dealers during theentire 12 months of 1916.This phenomenal sales increase was made notwithstanding ourepoch-making sales increases of 1916 over 1915.These-record-breaking sales increases of 1917 over 1916 andour record-breaking sales increases of 1916 over 1915 definitely andr finally prove three facts t1. The supremacy of United States Tires.2. ' The fact that the vast army of automobile owners who usedUnited States Tires in 1916 are using them in 1917 on the sheermerit of their, experience.3. The fact that another vast army, of automobile owners have been!won over to the use of United States Tires in 1917 on the sheer" v' supeortfftoulcnTrOrCSiy ""y. v .a.aW a awntoSMt d vv Cv avj MII "VIV.IrvJ A " , - fW Vi A9&$& .AjA Complete Stock of United States Tires Carried ByMILLERSBURG GARAGE, Millersburg, Ky.BIG INCREASE "SHOWN IN HIGHSCHOOL REPORT.Witli an increase of 1,950 highschool students in Kentucky in oneyear, with $865,000 spent on newhigh schools in the year terminatingJune, 1917, and with a high schoolenrollment of 20,800 students, thebienunal report of - McHenryRhoades, Inspector of JHigh Schoolsin Kentucky, indicates a markedprogress in education in this State.The report contains illuminatingstatistics of the past year, as well asa clear resume of the steady growthof high school education in the Statesince the county school law waspassed in 1908, making it mandatorythat every county establish andmaintain high schools.tSi S3 tS2,796 WHITE DRATTED MEN NOT!, CALLED INTO SERVICE.Kentucky's net quota of 14,236 ofthe conscripted army is comprised of12,028 whites and 2,208 negroes. Ofthe net quota 2,79.6 whites have notas yet been called into service. Onehundred and three of the 120 counties have certified to Adjutant General Ellis enough men to fill theirquota. To date 15,990 names havebeen certified to by district exemption boards.You Don't Have toStoopIf You Use aGarlandCabinetRangeA beautiful tin of Garlania n-dltlay. Com In ami look thorn ovor.Pari Gas & Electric Go.4 4BLL, "aT ammmmmuummnf- i. 'BI3a9MlalaMHHaVlllwHHaH'I I KSLWHHaHanawHRBaHflDamHraawfaiaaSallaHaHaflHIlII9laaaHHSlHIr vl :as ' avtires over other tires thati ted States TiresAre G odd Tires'Chain' 'Usco' 'Royal Cord' Tkhtfemand that your Tire DealerUnited States Tires or go toYour telephoneIf busy farmers, who are selling their stock and produce at good prices, were to be deprived of their telephone, they would readily place the value of the instrument at anywhere from $5.00 to $35.00 a day.You will find the secret of the prosperous farmer'ssuccesss lies in his prompt telephone communication withthe local and city markets.Our new Directory will go to press soon and it is ourendeavor to' supply you continuously good telephone service day and night. Our rates are reasonable.Paris Home Telephone & Telegraph Go.(Incorporated)J. J. VEATCH,District Manager.The Bourbon LaundryDWIS & FUNK, Props.Telephone No. 4.Bourbon Laundry,Paris' Kentucky.CAHAL BROS.BARBER SHOPPrompt andCourttouoPatron;Attention U--f : ci--,?they have tried..supply you withanother dealer.12th.- t ,"A Money Maker!1-id.TW. H. CANNON,Local Manager.West 5 StreetSatisfactionWatchwordis OarWith all the latest improvements in laundryappliances and experthelpers we are preparedto do work inferior tonone, and solicit yourpatronage.vous, tired, Wocrkd or detponjetrt ,k kuresignyoutiJalOTT'3HlltVlUalli .PILLS: Thoy renew the aormalvifocatmike life worth liviog. 3 amuito'mmvm. w t. mw wmm hfi';'-.vi "-v,-v--TK 3-fAS "-.h.-3.?:I II J 1 1 1 III 1,1 1 1 111 111 III I II 1 1 1 1 fi t J II 1 II II of Are nd storm inurc.,' .MOT AnQOLDXkZMQMROOffPIlt, TRV 3?v4 J YVJ.- "Inoorporatod)im.r&&Lt&iTAQSKXGKTTHE BOURBON NEWS, PARIS, Y.TODAY, OCTOBTO t IflT.iiiiiiiiiniiiiiiiimmHUHiiiiiiiHUiiiiiiiiiu! v V - " . M -uert of hi8 sister- .Mrs. J. S. Terry. ,MATRIMONIAL.The J. T. Hinton Co.UNDERTAKERSAND EMBALMERSMainand SWthStreetsParis Kv.Day phone 36Night : . . 56or Home 286HADDEN CLINKBNBEARD .The marriage qf Miss NaomiAnastasia Hadden, of Lexington, toMr. Walter Rice Clinkenbeard ofParis, was quietly solemnized ,at twoo'clock Wednesday afternoon in thepastor's study of the .First Methodist church,, in Lexington, the Rev.Dr. G. E. Cameron officiating. Theservice was beautiful and impressive, the ring ceremony being usedand was witnessed by a few intimatefriends besides members of the immediate 'families.The bride was becomingly attired a green broadcloth suit trimmedin sable, with large picture hat.Her bouquet was a corsage of Wardroses. She is the daughter of Mr.and Mrs. Edward Turner Hadden, amember of the prominent Montgomery county family of that name, andhas lived in Lexington since earlychildhood. She is a graduate of theCampbell-Hagerman College, in Lexington, and is possesed of unusualcharm and attractive personality.Mr. Clinkenbeard is the son ofMr. and Mrs. John Clinkenbeard, ofBethel, in Bath county, and is ayoung man of splendid ability. Heis well-known in the city from whichhe claimed his bride, having forsome time been iit the employ ofthe Louisville & Nashvile there. Heis at present general ticket agent atthe Louisville & Nashville's Tenthstreet passenger station in Paris,where he is highly regarded.Mr. and Mrs. Clinkenbeard, afterthe marriage ceremony and receivingcongratulations and best wishes,0 ' traffic, rendering it -impossible for 1CiL WVC1 tuu v" v "" Uilut"the Paris delegates to set here in trip to ew York, Washington and,,,- .- jr- - ,. ., U !. J. J.1 Tt J.JYIlljIjhKNKi Kfv time.Motor equipment.Ambulance calls promptly attended to with our4 Limousine Invalid Coach.i Hearse used for funeral purposes only.Mrs. J. S. Terry.Besides his parents lie is survivedby his wife, whom he married inLouisville two years ago, three sisters, Mrs. J. S. Terry, of Paris,Mrs. Teddy Minihan, of Lexington,and Mrs. Chas. Lavin, of Maysville,and three brothers, Wm. and JamesMcRohan, of Carlisle, and ThomasMcRohan, of Mt. Sterling. Thefuneral and burial were held in Louisville,Y. M. C. A. WILL NOT TAKE MENSUBJECT TO. DRAFT.A cable message to the War WorkCouncil of the Y. M. C. A. of theUnited States from headquarters ofthe association in Paris, France,made public in New York, announcesthat the policy of the organization"is to select no man for its servicein France who is subject to draft."3"!ll'tWili444iW'W'0'I'0WMWIIiMiONe ; A meeting or, the Red CrossChapter will be held at the Millers-jburg College this (Friday) after-Mr. Russell Mitchell is among Z00? a ?:39 'clck, to meet Miss3ie sick. ,Cook, of Lexington, who will in-' ,. , . , . ' struct the members in the art of--Mrs. Belle Taylor continues to making. bandages and surgical dress-jrow weaKer. ings An the ladies are urged to beMr. J. R. Long continues very j present.xmch the same. j Dr. Ganfield, president of CenterMrs. S. C. Bascom and family ; CoHege, Danville, delivered an inter-trisited relatives at Owingsville, esting lecture on Monday evening, atJSxricIay. I M. M. I. Auditorium, under the an-1 i i J.T T A ! 4 J M iMP.sdfl.-mes J. T. Jefferson and t spices vi uie castors aiq aocieiy orother points of interest in the East.I Upon their return they will takerooms on Pleasant street, where theywill be at home to their friends.ID. Booth left Tuesday for a visit to I the Presbyterian church. Dr. Ganfieldrelatives at Kansas City, Mo. Lhas bee? lth us btefo5e and e- j, nr -rxr -r. ti knew what to expect. It goes with-. M.5.and Mrs' w; H"rst' 7f out saying that his address was good,-S111?; erHests f a?-Tdand he was certainly at his bestIVIrs M. D. Hurst, Tuesday and Wed- The tlieme of his subject was alittUct V . .Little Miss Alice Courtney will;-Heave this evening for a few days'-visit to her grandparents, Mr. andt IMrs. Bayless Debelle, at Ewing.The Cadets of M. M. I. are pre--paring to put on a play entitled"'Aunt Gene," to "be given about Friday, December 8. See later issues for"further particulars.Mrs. E. S. Barton. and little sou,"Master James Overley Barton, left""Wednesday for a week's visit to her-parents, Mr. and Mrs. James Over-'ley, at Flemingsburg.Mrs. W. A. Munzing, of Mays-the line of the all-absorbing eventsof the day. He touched forcibly andyet briefly on the Liberty Loan. Allwho heard him were well pleased.Dr. R. G. Hurt, aged ninety,died Wednesday morning at thehome of her daughter, Mrs. L. G.'Auxier, at Edinburg," Indiana, ofinfirmities of age. The funeral willtake place at two o'clock Saturdayafternoon, at Paintsville, Ky., withservices conducted by Dr. C. C.Fisher, president of Millersburg College. Dr. Fisher and Miss DollieAuxier will join the funeral partyat Maysville. Dr. Hurst was a res--nie, and Mr L. T. Vimontof New- j ident of Miliersburg for many years,-Tjorl, arrived Sunday as guests of"their mother and sister, Mrs. Mar--!and is well-known here.- This is a time of high prices.Vn vinumt, aim iuiSS nuiem. i-We should do what we can to cur--jaront., w . tail expenses. Most everything in-irs. u. x. ua ituiueu vcu-,the commercial world has madeTaesday after spending a few days-with" her aunt, Mrs. Elizabeth Corxrngton, who has been very ill at"3ier" home in Indianapolis. Mrs.Corrington does not improve.A mass meetg -tqdiscuss the-'vice conditions inMillersburg willibe held -at 7:30 o'clock to-night atrthe opera" house.v large attendxce is reported, asthe subject isnome of the greatest' importance toVthe town and its Citizens.The first number of the LyceumCourse will be given on November3.4ih. See later issues for further; particulars. Remember all proceeds over and above the expense ofthe course go to -the .Red Cross. Leteverybody get busy and bujr seasonJtSckets.All persons desiring typewriting-ork done please call on me at my"home. I will guarantee good work." JPrioes reasonable. For further par-xiculars, call on Mrs. R. M. Cald-v - -well, Trigg avenue. Home Phone--32. (26-4t)-The mass meeting of the- Bour-""'bon County Chapters of the Ameri-s can Red Cross, which was scheduled-f for this afternoon at the M. M. I. in"Millersburg, has been indefinitely--postponed on account of the East-Paris bridge at Paris being closed toMACKEY SHEA.Cupid has again invaded theranks of Paris bachelors and takenaway with him into double blessedness one of the worthiest members,Dr. Robert Shea, of the People'sPharmacy.A few days ago Miss AgnesMackey, daughter of Mr. and Mrs.Sam Mackey, of South Main street,went to Covington to visit herbrother, Mr. John B. Mackey, andMrs. Mackey, and, incidentally, to doa little shopping on her own account.And then a day afterward Dr. Robt.Shea, had an urgent business callto Cincinnati, to lay in stocks, andincidentally, too, to see if MissMackey had arrived safely at herdestination.As all such things go the inevitable resulted. Miss Mackey and Dr.Shea are now Dr. and Mrs. Shea,according to a telegram receivedyesterday morning by Miss SueJordan, which stated that Dr. Sheaand Miss Mackey had been marriedin the Cathedral in Covington, byRev. Father Hanses. Mr. John B.Mackey, the bride's brother, andMrs. Mackey, were the only attendants. Mrs. Shea is a young woman ofdecided attractiveness and a worthyhelpmate for her husband. Dr.Shea is a son of Mrs. James Fitzgerald, of Winchester, and one of themost popular young men in Pasis.Dr. and Mrs. Shea, after a shortbridal trip, will return to Paris andgo to housekeeping.?3 te E51marked advances in the past fewmonths. Some things a hundredper cent., but the Bourbon Laundryis doing business at the same oldprices, while our competitors haveadvanced their prices. We are stilllaundering collars at two cents,shirts ten, spreads fifteen, sheetsfive, table cloths fifteen to twenty-'five cents. Give us your patronage.The money you will save in doingbusiness with us will do much inRed Cross work. For further particulars, call on R. M. Caldwell,agent, . Home Phone 82, Triggavenue. (26-4t)IMPORTANT NOTICE A massmeeting has been called for 7:30o'clock to-night (Friday) at theopera house, for the purpose of cor-rlnL?TtJ S:ns I Sunday morning, of paralysis, wasnave Vicpb iulu junniouui(,, .jjvially among the boys of the city.All citizens having at heart thebest moral interests of the city areurfced to be present and give theS2000In PRIZESfor the best amateur advertisement.Professionals are barred.$1,000 first prize; $500 secondand so on to a total of $2,000 incash prizes, for the best advertisements composed of quotations from articles written byAmerica's leading music criticsaboutNEW EDBON''The Phonograph with a Sonl"We give complete instructions,furnish the material to workwith and provide sample towork to.Contest Closes October 27thDon't delay. See us at once.L. Oberdorfer710 Main St., Paris, Ky.ComingAttractionsPIS GRAND AND AUMOFRIDAYLOUISE GLAUMm"Love orJester"Triangle-Kay-Bee feature.All Star Triangle Players, in"His MarriageFailure"Triangle Comedy and PatheNews feature.SATURDAYMildred Manning aidWallace McDonaldm"The Princessof ParkRow"a love di ama of newspaperlife, Vitagraph-Lubin feature. "Dippy Dan's Doings"Elko Comedy in two parts,and Universal CurrentNews.ADMISSION - - - 5 AND 10 CENTSAlamo 2 to 5:30; Raris Grand T to 10:30NOTICETo Automobile OwnersBad Weather is Here! :Your Top and Curtains NeedRepairing.New Lights Put InALSO A EOLL LINE OFACCESSORIES AND SUPPLIESOVERHAULING A SPECIALTYA. V. DOUGLAS GARAGEI 718 HIGH STREET(o'ct26-4t)PARIS, KENTUCKY fIVVWwWvliDEATHS.-YEAGER.The funeral of Mrs. Silas L.Yeager, a former resident of Paris,rwho died at her home in Lexingtpn,BUYNOWYour New Fall BootsAwait Yoji Here in an EndlessAssortmentIflRGOLEN'SSPECIALSFor This Week'per pound !5Ct Pure Lard oeper pound ;...a5CHogJowl 09Vw-per pound 2CEfdmc Roast onijBeef, per pound UC"Best Steaksper pound 5CJMRGOLEN'SSurittry Meat Marketweight of their presence -and influence to the movement. The ladiesare especially requested to come.Many of them have been instrumental in . investigating and unearthingconditions that most of our citizensdid not know "existed here. Comeout, everyone!Liberty Day, which was especially set apart by the President, wasobserved here Wednesday. Thepostoffice, banks and schools wereclosed. At two p. m. a patrioticmeeting was held in the M. C. Auditorium. A good audience was in,attendance, and pairiotic addresseswere delivered by Col. C. M. Best,Elder C. O.Cossaboom", of the Christian church, and Rev. J. W. Gardner, of the Methodist church. Patriotic songs were also sung.A Union prayer meeting washeld Wednesday at 7 p. im at thePresbyterian church, the mainobject of which was to discuss theconservation proposition in orderthat they might more fully understand what they were entering into.A number of short talks were made,and the meeting was indeed enthusiastic.held at the family home, Tuesday afternoon at 2:30 o'clock, with services conducted by Rev. A. W. Fortune. The burial followed on thefamly lot in the Lexington Cemetery. The pall-bearers were: ActiveG-. Allison Holland, E. L. March,Asa Chinn, J. G. Woolfolk; HonoraryJudge Frank Bullock, Capt. J. Ed.Taylor, Hon. W. Pres. Kimball, ofLexington, and Charles H. Meng, ofNorth Middletown. SJTO TAX PAVERSTax receipts of thecity for 1917 are nowin the hands of CityCollector ClarenceThomas, at the Peoples Deposit Bank.Call and pay themnow.J.T; HINTON,(auglO-tf ) ' Mayor., N LOWE. tMrs. Claude Lowe, aged twentysix, died at her home near Winchester, Monday morning, of tuberculosis. Mrs. Lowe had made her homein Clark County for five years, having moved there from Escondida. B5"fore her marriage she was Miss OllieBrooks, of Escondida.Besides her husband she is survived by one daughter, aged fouryears, her parents, Mr. and Mrs. W.F. Brooks, of Escondida, five sisters,Misses Mary, Catherine, Ruth andRuby Brooks, and Mrs. LetcherBealert, of Paris.The funeral was held Tuesday afternoon at one o'clock at the familyresidence, with services conducted byRev. Lowry. The burial followed inthe Winchester Cemetery. The pallbearers were M. D. Royse, Jos. Sullivan, J. W. Thonrpson, Cecil King,;Hayden Johnson and Wm. Kindred, jEvery description of footwear, every style, including; ailthe pretty novelties, ail the new creations, at pric s thatlaugh at the day of the high cost of shoes.QualityStyle EconomyA Combination Always Pound Here 'If you want correct footwear at prices unequaled anywhere, then buy your shoes here tomorrow without fail.Ladies dark tan EnglishBootsSome of Our Specials$4.95yLadies' Black Calf English Boots ."Ladies' Gun Metal Button Boots .$2l99$2.49Men's Tan EnglishWeltsMen's Gun Metal. EnglishMen's Gun Metal,Button .. .-.$4.00$3.49$1.99-McROHAN. ! jMr. John D. McRohan, Jr., agedforty-six, a native of Carlisle, diedat his home in Louisville, following, 'a five-.WeksTjUlnees - qf a complica- !tion of diseases. - Miy MtcRohan was 'well-known Jn- Paris, where lie'-hadBOYS' AND GIRLS'SCHOOL SHOES-At Great Bargain- PricesDAN7Parish Greatest Shoe StoreCOHENWftere Beauty and Eaomf Reignif::1: