.'THE BOURBON NEWS"aPUBLISHED EVERY TUESDAY AND FRIDAY IN THE YEAR.VOLUME XXXVI.PARIS, BOURBON COUNTY, KENTUCKY, TUESDAY, MARCH 27, 1917.4No Half WayMeasures WillBe ConsideredNOTHING HEARD FROM MYSTERIOUSLY MISSING GIRL.Preparations Will Besigned to MeetEventuality.WASHINGTON, iarchrnited States government26.-Nothing has been heard as to thewhereabouts of Miss Grace Roberts,the eighteen-year-old girl, whose mysterious disappearance from Paris somedays ago is being investigated by thepolice.Miss Roberts had been employed at(the Electric Dry Cleaning establish-De-'ment in this city, for some time, making her home with her sister, Mrs.McHargue, on Fifteenth street. Sliphad been very attentive to her duties,and had never missed a day from herwork. She left the house one day lastweek, saying she would return shortly.The ' Failing to return home that night herAnyPro-German Influence At WorkIn Bourbon?MR. W. O. HINTON ANNOUNCESCANDIDACY FOR MAYORis getting sister communicated with her father, at work in this county?In this issue of THE NEWS appears the formal announcement of MrWm. O. Hinton's candidacy for theoffice of Mayor of Paris.Mr. Hinton, since the call made ypon him some days ago through thecolumns of the local press, has beengiving the subject of acceptance orrejection careful and mature consid-HaS the German Spy System eratj?n. and the announcement of hisrrM candidacy in this issue isthe resultBeen Inaugurated in This ofntha1. deliberation.I To the people of Pans who haveCounty? ; known him in both private and publicJ ' life, the name of W. O. Hinton standsas a synonym for honesty and integrity, and for high ideals in businessHas the German spy system been life and in public service. He hasserved the city as Councilman sevA Move ForBetter Streets andSchool Improvementcity are expected to surpass thowUiVany city of the samo municipal ckuuTin the State.The resolutions in full follow:PARIS, KY., MARCH 23, 1917.I. BE IT RESOLVED: That it itthe setiA of the citizens of Paris, Kentucky, in mass convention assembled,4 . t i k l nat e fHwm streets in the CifrrA Joint bond lSSU) AaVO- of Paris should be paved:, A K K . 1st. High Street from the CovltCated At MSSS Meeting House to Fourteenth Streets, aaar l t l . Fourteenth Street from High Street tornday Wight. Main.2d. Main Street from Tenth Streetsouth to city limits.3rd. The entire length of PleasaatA joint bond issue to pave the Street,streets of Paris with asphalt; make 4th- Eighth Street from Hfcfra splending addition to the public ad ste. ?l to. Walker Avenue.Dili. Duveuui oirem num ruxu treaay u put mu enect measures ox Mr. w. H. Roberts, of Lilly, Laurel 1I11J3 tne question oemg agitaten " -"". .. o,ca .. nmnlptft thp p!tv oPWpr KV, UOU8lOB Avenue.the most far-reaching and aggressive !COuntv who came to Paris immediate- in North Middletown, this county, capacity, as well as Chairman of the antt complete tne citj sewerage sjs 6th A11 cross streets runningt.nn ; , r .,,, V ; Ce w.a.ris in?medmtc . , , , '.r,..;. ' Finance Committee, has been above tem, was endorsed at a mass meeting tween Pleasant and Hieh Streetsharacter in the event of war withGermany. It will not be satisfied withwere attempts to protect Americanvessels, its preparations will be deigned to meet any eventualities along war, if .necessary. There will beao half-way measures. This programuns agreed upon at a long cabinetmeeting Friday and it guided theCouncil of National Defense when it1-- -i :.ni!x..x..i x. i t whoro ronanf norolriTininntn mt diiciy auu lu&Litutuu a &J bteuitlUC SParcn v, s,m. uc.smcmp .,o ou.b ., i0cf c1iqnjP!nn nf rpnrnnph Mici nf tlm ritizpnc nf T'srls hplri nf tho a tniAz rn,,,, o-.for the Sirl. jested the query. That an organized deal, with the bHc as one of their court house Friday nIght FURTHER RESOLTO-Every city in the State, and espeo- effort is being made by German sym- representatives is an open book. mu That it is our desire to co-ottairtially in this section, where it was pathizers to stir up pro-Germanv and every page of which stands out fair! The meeting was presided over by he Honorable Mayor alSdSthought she might have gone, was anti-patriotic sentiment among' the and clearly written in acts of public Mr. Catesby Shears, president of the Council of the City of pjcommunicated with, and a description colored people of Bourbon county, es- interest and interest to the public. Paris Commercial Club. Short talks efforfc to e all said streetsof the girl given to the police and pecially in the Nor'h Middletown v; He has always labored to maintain were made by Prof. LeonK. Frankel. with Drick sneet asphalt of bithulitfcother officials, but nothing has been cinity, has become flrraly fixed in the e hnor Pa"s and Dy s clea.r of the University of Kentucky, who cement, according to plans and specif- vseen or heard of her. A young Louis- minds Kf many citizens of that neigh SXS.-,8 ?..?2 fl! w Jfj8 on the Prosed addition to cations to be adopted by the Mayoryoungville woman, with whom she had been borhood, following a series of happenMet with its advisory commission I nuite chummv was called ud bv 'ohone. ings that have taken place mThe program decidod upon includesshaping and furthering the best material and financial interests of ourschools; Geo. B. Carey, of the Carey and Board of Council of the City ofmilitary,' naval, industrial and finarclal measures.The question of sending an armyrtbroad will be left for future considnration. Whether political alliancesnth the Entente Allies will be fornid is not known, although military as-vrell as naval co-operation is possibleand the government will furnish boththat citizens. fReed Company of Lexington, who ans.. . . i . . ji .i - . .... -... j..M;nn. v. nnrti en,T A.-.r. I .. . . . r- x r.. tt!i t fi i crn a c or I rhp ncrkhalr iwvmf llornn jdcjout sue stated in repiy tnat tne gin luwu. uuuug lug yaai xcv uip. xne Dset reierence to iir. nnuou -, - x, .. t,.,.0 Mv,wUUU,had not been near her. . Several Sundays ago the .pastor of candidacy is his own card, in this Councilman Wm. O. Hinton, who spokeOtio nimnr timt n-ninPfi TiPrsiKtont a colored church in North Middletown. issue, wherein he states clearly and on all three matters included in theIT FURTHER RESOLVED:That it is the sense of this meetingand the desire of the citizens of Pariin mass convention assembled, thatthe Honorable Mayor and Board oX- . - . . . a n-, ! ! k- rv nTrvwrirv t-t i -. .- . i. . - -m -....... n x ttt irirculafion with resnect to the mvsto- in a sermon advised the male members uiiiiu&iaiuiuiy ui n aiuo im- proposuu uouu issue, iurs. raumerious disappearance of the girl was of his congregation that in case of war ue."?r ranb, gouu bovbiuuicul, i. Dene Sutherland, Drs. J. T. Vansant, Council take such steps and paasthaf kIip hnd hPPn induppil to leavo between the United States and Ger- priyMegel.ciasilsla"0 "? and Chas. G. Daugherty, Mr. A. B. such ordinancces as are necessary taPnric hv n tmvplinf man nnrl that manv tllCV Should refuse to Olllist.Hip.v had hPPn sppn toeethHir at Bar He stated that "this seems toojbhonrville several davs aco. UDon in- white mans war, and we snonw ievestigation this proved untrue, and the them do the fighting. They jhsmoney and supplies to the allies with .'disappearance remains still an unsolv 'jim-crowed' us and otherwise v11-out stint Suggestions before Presi 'ed mystery. A photograph ot the Rob treated us. and nov that they af3 indent Wilson included the possibility of 'erts "girl, together with an accurate trouble they want us to fight for them.'floating a loan of i.ve billion dollars description, has been furnished the These utterances were condemned byfor the Entente. When President poiice and the correspondents of the the bettor class of colored citizens ofWilson goes before Congress soon af- jaiiy papers from Paris, in hopes that North Middletown. but it seems, totor it meets in extra session on April js "publication may help in restoring havo had a bad effect on the other2 he is expected to make it clear that yle i 0 jier home. Her mother, who class of colored people who made upthe government ami people of tne is very iU at lier nome in Lilly, eagerly the preacher's congregationUnited States will not be prompted Dyhostility toward tho Germanbut only by acts ofwenu au iui tne imcuu nuo fei.v- h Pr ric.nnnparanceonly preliminary consideration to his pnnfer,tPfi i1Gre. from all he could learn, ber of colored people, made an incenaddress to Congresr. diary speech, which, following thatMR. W. O. HINTON WILL made by the colored preacher, againMAKE RACE FOR MAYOR -worked the colored people up to a highnitch of excitement It was furtherJi.hi?fSS1SSJ? ?nmipr Hancock and Mr. Jas. McClure, on provide for the .paving of oU'ot saidIIJUC V JH uc nim.AiAj .www v-v v w w rliinfc ii rl fn Trior anH too oclr TrOTe a 110,i tua T,oCt itprpt nf tliP iwn extension 01 me sewer system as ..,.-. -" - T "trbuu,u -"w uv-v ...vv- w w. - r- fft nitv nf nans nav nnR-tnirri or tnea sanitary measure. -w 'J ,w ;- -' - ""--, . ,... cost of the paving of all of the aboveResolutions were oftered by Attor named streets (with the exception ofney John J. Williams, urging the City High Street and the portion of SouthCouncil to take up the matter of the Main Street over which the Kentuckybond isftue at its next meeting. The Traction & Terminal Company's trackamount to bo raised in the bond issue extends, and also Fourteenth Streetwas not named in the resolutions lrra HlS& to Main), together witnStyle, seen oTW Avenue Hght -WcU - PU - r bw. t'ropoZe. opnow, in uotn dresses anu straw nats, i yi oUfafaCou ,tto '' " "- either side of all said streets, eacRpie of Paris. Paris would have inThey ihavi Mr. Hinton a capable and efficient executive. To this end he asks thesupport of the people of Pari.GRAY THE LEADING COLOR.in hnth rlrRsspR and straw hats. I The plan suggested was for a sumare in most instances gray in shade, cient bond issue to be levied to pavo be requi,ed to pay one-third "of theWp iiavp. some of the most beautiful the streets in the principal business cost of said improvements, and that ia)ted by!grasp3 every little hope that the girl According to reliable reports a few hatg -n the popular grays. Very high and residence sections with asphalt, addition thereto, the said abuttingpeople, ! b ftmnA Mr. Roberts stated that days ago a white man arrived in North rn...ne nml ..imnct hrimlPss are verv The suggested additions to the Pub- property owners by ordinance be rethe German govern jhe coul(1 no reason whatever for Middletown from Lexington in an auPresident has given her disappearance, as she seemed to be tomobile, and after dining with a nampopular, while the broad brimmed and lie School building v,ih be eight rooms, duirea t pay ior taeir reufancv shapes are ery popular. W almost doubling the present capacity curbings and guttenngs where, in thevehem "l. Come in. ,of the school and making it complete V tSZJTo Editor of THE BOURBON NEWS: said that this man had made an enThe call which appeared recently gagement to s,peak to the colored peo-sent to the Court of Appeals from biggest steps toward progress that the hich. iuL tra?ks xteS?' t: Highin vour columns asking me to make . . - MMdietown and vlciiitv n-K nnn n ,n?nn fnr roppivpr ,f ,. x,.. , ... .. Street Fourteenth Street betweenthe race for the Democratic nomina :"., nlrh. nml fllll, after ai." "T,Z J ' "r Ah. f. ,."T.,rr" ,"?. LL."f I HigQ and Main, and South. Main Streett Mnvnr ha hPPn ereatlv an- iao '""' "-- --- .7. .P BUBm, ww w .- witn tneir ruiiuimem. me ueauiy, uau-warfare.the citizens ofThe object of the meeting of theCouncil of National Defense with itscommission was to take an inventoryof what had been done in the way ofindustrial preparedness and to decidewhat further measureb are necessary.0UM AA.njrfl Sr nvnantofl r fol'O n n 1TTi 1an wuuu. v. v--w . Tnvnr hn hPen ereatlv an- msu il" """-nortant part in the conduct of actual .""" s-y ,. ftnIoiiv tnr- ;ic pv. consultation amonnraniu 1 mii iiv mir. riJCL.iaii a.j. itu --. .pression of confidence 'in my integrity North Middletown, it had been agrcoaand ability to fill the position. that he would be allowed to speak, ant.NEW YORK, March 26. Led by Tiie reasons set iuiui wcicm aw uien pmceu uugi i4t. .. ,aSsrclubs a STSST me persoT from lr mMsoTs haamTrefurLs , ? of Norththusiastically pledged itself to the sup- Pf haTe persuaded me to f d?eto; bMomiSd wltt So.port of President Wilson and urged ept the belving that my developments, communicated with the.tnat there be no more delay on the past close connection with the city's Sheriff's office m Paris and a clos.nart of the United States in entering affairs in minor public offices, and watch will be kept in the future toiho European war against Germany. the services thus rendered has en- prevent a repetition of the events that1, onooVorc wprp HI 111 LlLieU IllC w luubiuv.iuM -r- nave ouucu t"c -wi. uu.v...1 " . .1 i .n V1 n TVrtCltirvTI HTIM flflS eS- -r. a. I. it,. ;,,,,rrrr modo lVT)r Tohn Grier moie ucsnauic Pv.w- - -- TO coxinteraut liic iuhucuv- u. j ,Princeton TJni ciaUy W-"" "". the speeches and th- preacher's ser-iicieiiL skiviw u-iivx . v -- pHitnrinl from a recent issueThiP n of a Louisville papc-r, written by aliu ovcuu' iiMwww - ttt..i,. 2. zii 1. .wl TlTovnr AllfP IP . : -. iT-Viir.li mv C aims S11UU UO COUblil Ui t" mw .ww -. ..Uni e T S ates Senator oTlie James, of ST t ton, the prominent colored educator.Smuctar Jooepb H. Choate and many, if elected it shall be my most in whIcll he vouched for the loyalty 0Kentucky J osepn.v.o earnest endeavor at all times to se- th e colored citizens of the TJm'edothers of prominence ere present. jean ad extensively circUat-and improvement consistent with the .q tfae North Middletown neighbor-lv ASHINGTON, March 26. Alarm safe and sound business principles &nd w&g glyep much att'entlon b:over the fate of four American Con- that have always aii , J"2 the better class of colored citizens ofbuIs ordered from Germany to Tur- credit and good mime of Paris and he eliey on the severance of relations and reputation as the best citylast reported held at Munich, Ger class in testate. mxoanv. lias causea me owic ti. .,.-, in thp. lie it 01 tne mu&ument to inquire about them through lr.toiate information obtainable, thethe Spanish Ambassador. An inquiry gr'eatest good to the greatest number,was first sent about two weeks ago. and a fair and unbiased considerationThe Consuls were ordered transfer 0f all interests concerueu auu . j,1 . ip.nnErs ana curDincs are necessary.(23-3t) MRS. CORNE W. BAIRD. m equipment. The sewerage system WnereaSr We are informed thathas been partially built, but does not the Kentucky Traction & TerminalAPPELLATE COURT DECISIONS, completely cover the city drainage. , Company, under the law, will be re-- The three measures are considered cuired to pay the cost of paving someIn the case of Francis vs. Tipton bv rhe citizens of Paris to be the eletlt or nlne Ieet 0I uie streets oyerAmongftoot, who presided;Hlbben, president or rnnceton um ' RPrvice and fill theversity; Charles S. Fairchild, who was ceptablv t0 the people.Secretary of the Treasury under Presi There are no specialmiss the appeal was passed to merits, itatfon and educational facilities of thefrom Fourteenth to the city limits, we' (Continued on Page 2.)G99t99iWE KNOW HOWRED CROSS ORGANIZATIONIS FORMED AT PARIS.T ... , i: nii.arc ,if-r jVinii he conscientioubiyred to Turkisn poru, iu --;- ' n the ull extent of myalmost broken down Dy overwwu. m Vi-tvtr some delay Germany aeciareu tuat " ; u grounds, Jind uponA well-attended meeting was held a1:the Bourbon County Y. M. C. A. building in this city, Friday, at which thethese preliminary organization of the Paris4 "" . i- 1,01,1 -until the United " u"f;. , 7711 , nomination branch of the National uea urosa sualUCi uic umts "- nn V TT1V cailUlUdj wi -" .States assured the uninterrupted voy Mavor of Parisis submitted to the ety was effected.Dpmocratic primary, Mrs. Jolin 1'. uav,s, cuairuiuu ulat theBouador.r r - r?.mQn Pnn51ll Mueller A- nP flipf.. " , it nhp m .c.4. a -1017 nnrt the support o! hmnoh organization, presidednt Atlanta, ua., irom w, Augusi,, r " OBtK. solicited. " J Vfl WB nORiRtfl in theevery jjemociut x cowv.j . , iiiueuug. j"c ' "" ---Nogreater public honor is desired wQrk by paris women, and Mrs. Waller26. bv me than to be counted worthy to Mrg Samuel Marks and Mrs.fill the lngnest omcu m wv "' ." Clarence Lebus, of Lexington, all 01whom rendered valuable assistance in'forming the organization. A large enrollment was secured, and much inteWASHINGTON, D. C, MarchPrivate John Poor, Third uompauj, ""-"-;: davs have been spentefalinnprl fir iii"- - ..be the firstCoast Artillery Corps,loruana, we., beema w - 1vicUm of the German war to iau ou(American soil. He defended a mill ;tary reservation against armed intruders whose presence at large indicatesin dealing witn ueimautbic country. The hintResnectfully,W. O.HINTON.tardinessacents inTOBACCO COTTONAll grades, at Harry Simon's(2mar-tf)A-M TOTCl iitTn not content' UeT with red zonevine war noon the United States in respect lor cruiser lau.the barred submarine zone atone .No mA1oa KY,taller feather could De pui iu " "" ,, , Beatyville, major ot the. mimMAPCT11I Hl"l IJL I - UU11VMI -w -man cap man a ,B- ninr u natallion. hasdestruction in America as au i'" -7: t. ,est was manifested in the work. Aclass in first aid to the injured will boorganized this week for study andwork, to be under the instruction ofParis physicians.AUTO TRUCKS COLLIDE.'I'1 VtfvvVvWTHESPRINGSEASONIs upon us in all its beauty and splendor, and with it comes the beautfulSpring ClothesCopyright, 1917 TUditlfrfaarlc. Stern & Cc. Hresignation of .Lexington pike near Pans.- 1 . . tiThe two big machines, one a jjay-ette Home Telephone Co. truck en. ., nn I a. - i T ..:l.-. nnl flto rtlipr !lt r-u';nNVILrLB. FLA., Aiarcn zu. ;rouie 10 wuswu, ". "-- f -projAivaui nddresK Wnloutt Flour Oo. truA. caiTying tarTheodore woobe.t, , "-,, ' .r" 4,.rrft v n P,R frftm t,pv-T-rmlfi lflVe a UlVl&um u. IV1IIU uciii,j-jic - v. . - "ATnrfih 26. Geo.-- I . iThat even two auto trucks cannotbppn aonointed pass on a sigle track was given a prac- jn-V ri'HItVl lAHIillllULii illM p m. - - I,emub X1""r r.x. ort TpHment. Ken- tical demonstration last Tmirsaajovent of the war begun on the other colonel oi u the va..night on. Uie Houston bridge, on the- .. ilt.il- IUCRJ lOMUi . ,. TOKI!side of tne Auantu- cancy caused by theWASHINGTON, IIarch 26. The Colonel Allen Gullron.t- monfc nrrtPrs lor iaeiniidance of the gunners who willxi. tAon rnmTTiprp from GermanlUt auicnv" v, ..,, . ij i,rtsubmarines will not He P51 f' s0ldiers in the trenches of ington to Cynthiana, met in a head-onThese oraers aie uCu v,- -- - - f f five m0nths, it collision.vf chm!,rines will be treatea ua ram;e ."- itlirates and be given nointerfere witn aui- -", ,,,! ioVpdthe nursuit of its rights. tne oauu remarked: "I a severe shaking up was given theIn an informal but forceful manner onei w"- tune inst hts The latter Were taken totie State Department reiterated the u" J ne in jce." 'Cynthiana in machines summonedfact that these orders will remam rf .Sald "he United States ,from Paris. The wrecked autos blockiective unUl the ZnZ' Jmd Srrtte war to Germany. He;ed traffic for some time. They wereornment renounce the illegal procla- should carry ml train- finally removed and sent to LexingtonMatioii of January 31, whc sUte" pleaflen IO - Jf repairs. . -tkat neatral iWpplng met in the bar-mg. ?A' ' P . .Our lines of Suits for Men andYoung Men are now ready for yourinspection. We are not bragging whenwe say that our entire stock of Clothing, Hats, Shoes and Furnishings is superior to other lines shown in the cityfor the same prices. Nobby Pinch BackSuits, Two-Button Sacks in FancyScotches, Plaids and Irish Homespuns for the young fellow. Not high in price,but high in quality.$15.00 to $25.00Neat Worsted Patterns in conservative styles for the man who does not wantthe extreme designs in clothes. Come in and inspect our goods. We are gladto show you, whether you are ready to buy or not.-at the bridge approach...omimonK Tr 1. urnrn lnlKr rlnTTlIl fTPfl. front aXleSopportunity to given Permisswn oy tne after' and wheels being torn from each marrmmprp.H 111 -i his jmh.- - . . . ... v.... i.,f"Dixie." ana uoi- chine. Luckily no vim ww uum uu.MStetson Soft and Stiff Hats...... BBS " JL I -.Nettleton rine noesf in nign uuis ana uxrorasManhattan and Wilson J3ros Spring ShirtsIn Linen Madras Cloths and Silks, $2.00 to $6.00The early buyer gets the best selection, and we want you to deal with a storethat quality and merchandise counts with more than trying to lead you astraywith cheap prices.iioooofMITCHELL & BLAKEMOREsAGE TWOTHE BOURBON NEWS, PARIS, KY.TUESDAY, MARCH 27, 1917The Bourbon NewsWtablished 188135 Years oftlnuout Publication.Con-fcA&Ud Every Tuesday and Friday. 'fcD -tt r .?2.00 Six Months.. $1.00;Payable in Advance.t CHAMP- Prtlfnr anri riuinerJC-fattered at the Paris, Kentucky,Postoffice as Mail Matter of the .Second Class.)Any erroneous reflectionUUUU LUGthe,v-4-, ,,.. ..4.4-i rjy person, firm or corporation whichay appear in the columns of THE-BOURBON NEWS will be gladly cor-riveted if brought to attention of theeHor. .-ADVERTISING RATESDisplay Advertisements, ?1.00 perinch for first time; 50 cents per inch 'each subsequent insertion.Reading Notices, 10 cents per lineea.cn issue; reaamg nouces in Diacivtype, 20 cents per line, each issue.Cards of tlianks, calls on candi -fnS4r0fai"re iniffnlro5'peciaT rites for le advertise-mSfSd ytVeontracti.1156The right of publisher is reserved.. 1 . ito decline any advertisement or otherJB&tter for publication.Announcements for political officesrast invariably be accompanied bytfce cash.P -ANNOUNCEMENT.yje are authorized to announce thego. Democrats below as candidiatesTiS, , p rimiiry "n 7"M 1017 n fill lir rtumncV r U'lnnh1917, to filliiay aspire:FOR STATE SENATORLEE W. WAINSCOTT,) Clark County.t GEORGE HON,Clark County.': A BR AM RENICK,Clark County.FOR REPRESENTATIVE.C. M. THOMASFOR SHERIFF.WILL G. McCLINTOCK,Doc Marshall and Bob Gilkey asdeputies. jt a Qn-Pir-n :ClaSe and L.' C. Ashcraffas denuties.Wiih D. E.FOR COUNTY ATTORNEYDAHD D. CLINB.BOUNTY SUPERINTENDENT OFSCHOOLS.J. B. CAYWOOD.MISS MiYBEL ROBBINS,tFOR JAILERGEO. W. JUDY.THOS. TAUL,JOHN H. DOTY,WALKER RISER,C. T. MASTERSOX,W. O. BUTLER,JOHN W. KING,J. W. HART.FOR ASSESSORWALTER CLARK,AiParis, with Jno. J. Redmon. of NorthMfcdletown, as deputy.GEO D SPEAKES,P?rIs wiUi I-ee R Craven, of LittleReST at Deputy.FOR MAYORJAMES H. MORELAXD.FOR POLICE JUDGE. CLAUDE F. REDMON,J. W. BROWN,P. A. THOMPSONHARRY L. MITCHELL..ERNEST MARTINavS?- EDITORIAL MUSINGS.0CLegal Ethics.The fl.pnnal mppti'np nf the Amp.ricul Itor Association always draws to-aether some very thoughtful men.Their d:scussions are well worthMzetel reading. Among the adddresses 'ie-iverd to the recent meeting ofthis sreiety at Salt Lake City, wasone by Frof. Felix Frankfurter, of th.i;aerutK1"fe!5Harvard Law School.Tins speaker told theiassembled!Xf-wyeis thato Torr r inw n(1nnn,iirtffn fpu omliu, UJJLJ VL 1UII UUUJLU it& a sparcely settled agriculturaleoninunitj, has suddenly been con-fronted with the task of adjusting itself to a vast democarcy with 30,000,WO ase earners and increasing presmm-a f,f ronflioHmr intprpf s xv.ironder justice often miscarries. wew lorKS uPown noceis are consiu-The attempt to cope with the infinite erin& Puttmg a charge on these hithcompneations of modern business hai!erto free accessories to the meal,made lav a labvrinth. There are end ,Some of the hotel owners said theyless .opportunities for technicalities ' must Put a charSe on the use of pepsad :'. lavs. A recent magazine arti Per and salt sainS their expensesele stes that manv corporation at-were increasinS so fast that such atoraeys make it a practice to trap'move was necessary. The hotels havebadges Into making errors, which af .ben charging for bread and butterterward can be used for the .purpose for several months.Of cecdring new trials. Action on the latest increase in theThe makine of statutes nnii nrprpfl !Price of meals was deferred a week,a t .ts to adapt law to modern businessaeeds will be the work of many years.3n many respects the existing standard of legal ethics seems to the layan to be wrong.'r,"- maxim that an attorney is jus-W ;n using all legal means to seic release of a client whom heor believes to be guilty, is one. ' ly principles that seems to the'- l to be wrong. 'maxim that an attorney is justified in using all legal means to secre the release of a client whom heiws or believes to.be guilty, is one.many principles that seems to thelftynan to conceal a vital sophistry.There are many puzzling questionsthat need redefinition. For 'instanceit may be clear that a man owes a.perfectly just debt Yet if the debthas passed beyond the statute of limitations, the lawyers would probablyfight the case, and do their-best tosave Uie client from payment of thepaymentdebt It may be legally right, but ifthe defendant escapes payment of aiucf i-lnVit line: nnf o mnrnl wrnnc-been committed? There are thous-ands of cases where it seems to thelayman, as it did to the speaker whoaddressed the Bar Association, thatlaw needs adjustment to the condi,; - .!, l-txuiia ul uiuueiu me.' Some People say lawyers as a clas?are dishonest. Yet for every trickylawyer there is a rascally client Lawyers see so much of the crookednesslof life that it is a constant temptation' to light fire with fire.Children's Gardens.,, , . .. .The ch,ld garden movement thatlias been started m so many placeswas lor a time something or a jokeme emiuren may nave pium.eu uisvegetables and flowers. But liie par'ents bought the fertilizer, had thesrouml spaded UP' and were l to domost of the weedins' Afterward theylero supposed to pay the 7?for the vegetables thus produced.r it t -i j 1 i j. . .1 iiLong lists 01 prizes awarded to.rit , nortion of the cost of making(children for garden work are now appearing in many of the newspapersone such list now at hand names one! child of four as receiving a prize for, several varieties of flowers.j An agricultural college expert afeV days ago went through the chil-jdren's gardens in a town of some 7,000people. He gave a hasty glance to! perhaps half the plots, and remarked'that those he had seen containedIproducts worth at least $1,000. Evidently when the fall harvest is completed, these youngsters had adde-iseveral thousand dollars to the wealth01 mat town. 11 was uone oui u'time previously spent at aimless plays,It is a joke no longer.'work ' resents reeula task,orK. rie resenis regular lasKb. n ,The American boy is not trained to.compelled to hoe up weeds while hear-iiLi, l..c .i-io vi cue iic.bttuu.itic .uj..i over in the back lot, his soul revoltsI at uie gross injustice oi uiu wunu.and the heartless cruelty of parents,But the modern American child is apretty mature little creature. He i-.perfectly capable of raising a .profita-ble garden if he wants to. There ar-.a good many boys to-day taking cattleshows and county fair and schoolI . . .....- ..prizes lor amounts oi vegetauies rais-ed tne past summer running up mw;been sewered and the Eastern portionthe hundreds of dollars. j0f said City is drained by a branchThe garden movement has made which empties into Stoner Creek amuch better progress since the govern-1 short distance below the point wherement and State experts conceived the the water supply of the City is pumped,idea of organizing the youngsters into! thereby endangemg the health of alli i. i a .i, ic , 'the citizens of Pans, it is the sense ofclubs. A boy does what his gang Convention that the seweragedoes. If his mates decide that raising system of the City 0f Paris should bethe biggest pumpkin is just as good . compieted, and especially in thefun as knocking the longest three-bag pastern section of the City, and toger, he wants to take a hand in the . that en-l we ask the Honorable Mayorgame.Spanish War Lesson.i "What is the grave danger that hasforced us to adopt the espionagemeasure?" asks The New Republic l- " iHteM aid ass such resand continues: "Let us recall a bit of.?jour Spanish War history. Without as iQ buiW such sewer; and;sured command of the sea, we made,for the purp0se of completing thisjour plans tothrow an army of some 'sewer we request the Honorable Mayorjio,uuu liieu iiiuu uuuu, ucicuuuu ui'195,000 Spanish soldiers, most of , tion to fake the sense of the voters oiwhom were regulars, seasoned and ac- the City of Paris upon the question of.'climated. From a conventional mili- j v. nether or not the City should issue'tary point of view, the enterprise waslds irr the sum of $10,000 for the, , , , .. , , . iT purpose of defraying the expense of;a bold gamble, that could be expected , builPdin:? fcaId BeeT;to succeed only if executed as a sur-, ' FURTHER RESOLVED,j prise attack. But.no soor.e- li-.d we thig Convention that the Chairmanj decided upon the Cuban campaign I of this Cr,llvention give to the Honor-than our press began to publish in de-jauje ia0r and Board of Council a. tail the facts pertaining to the number jof our troops, their equipment, their1 movement to the .point of embarkation.and even the probable points of at'tack. All this information was prompt-jly cabled to Spain and thence to CubaWe went lion-hunting with bows andarrows and a brass band. By our luck,not our merit, the lion proved to be onh,s last ls' strjck oy maladies weKnew ruling oi. uur iieu euwu, bllkel' to Je mofre r?b.usft and .mor abJt0 avai1 hlmsel of information freelyuereu a i,ies& iJieLeum uia-tion to the success of the nation's un! J i-S-...-HIGH COST NEXT.j Diners at New York hotels maysoon have to pay for the sauces andconaimenrs as wen as lor meir ouuerand bread. The heads of twenty ofhut the hotel men predict the additional cherges will be levied.RANK FOOLISHNESS.You occasionally see it stated thafftlfls fin Tint rocillf from nrklrl Yt.nnll..n..This is rank foolisliness, t5b:true colds would be as prevalent inmidsummer as in midwinter. Themicrobe that causes colds flourishesin damp, cold weather. To get ridof a cold take Ohamberlain's CoughItemed'. It is effectual and is high I vrecommended by people who haveused it for many years as occasion required, and know its real value. Obtainable everywhere.(adv-mar)Move For 'Better Streets:and School Improvement.Continued from Page 1.)ask that the City of Faris pay the dif-Iheard in a great festival of music atference between what the Kentucky. the Lexington Opera House in two! Traction & Terminal Company will berequired to pay and one-third of the of March 29. This great body of mutotal cost of the construction of the-sicjans and their wTonderful conductorstreets over wnlcn said company stracks .extend, ana tnat tne .propertyowners along said streets, on eitherside thereof, be required to pay onethird of the cost of paving said streets,and that they be further required topay the cost of their respective curbings and gutterings where, in theoDinion -jf a competent engineer, samofrin Theater last nicht when Modest-laro nPCMCiirV flllfliw .,..., , ..BE JT FURTHER RESOLVED:That inasmuch as the City's portion ofthe cost of constructing these streetswin amount "7 "" sorrow-ridden Russia, sorrowing and lafully undertake to pay without the, . . ,.....consent of the voters of the City of 'menting. Then came two minutesParis, it is the sense of this Conven-i which the audience will never forgetinn nnd we renuest the Honorable, two minutes in which Zangwill's 'Mel-ayor ana Board of Council to takeaxich. stops and pass such resolutionsus will be neccessary to call an eleci tion to allow tlie voters of the .?ty J.Paris to vote upon the .Proposition oiVsum olc?o ?00 toi the mirnose of paving the, - - -xsaid improvements.- .II. Be IT FURTHER RESOLVEDI IIV LllC IJIlliCllO VJJ. iUHJ '" j...w ,w.veution assembleu, that tne pumicschool buildings of the City are madequate to accommodate the 1 childrenOL scno)i age aireauy euruueu, uuuthat the conditions at said school arccongested; that the different gradesare now ovecrowded, and that becauseof lack of funds, a general unsanitarycondition exists at said school, therebymenacing the health of the children ofschool age of the City; andBE IT FURTHER RESOLVEDThat it s the sense of this conventioninaLSUcn auuuions u uur smuui uuuu-tings as are necessaryto accommodate 1the school children of the City of'phhq shniilri hn built, and that all ofii'"ed the program. Tschaikowski ssnouW b ut In a ". ,.,.. ;..,. r.n,ut;. on,i ihafc end we ask that the HonorableMay0r ana jjoara oi council oe uu.,ity 0f parjs pass such resolutions asare nece.csary vo can uu uiecuiuu iurthe purpose of submitting to tnevoters o:' the City of Paris the proposition of whether or not the City oe-- -; purse of making saidvom.nisParis shall issue bonds in the sum ofIII. BE IT FURTHER RESOLVTTr rTr.1- innsmtipli n c n InrfP nnrl-'l-'. 1 IIUI. ItJUl.lUW.. . ....QW ,tion of the CR of Paris has nevcr;YES! LIFTand Board of Council to take action tocomplete the sewerage on the Easternside of the City of Paris so as to connect with the sewer on Stoner Avenue; ana lor tne purpose oi meeun;'the expense of building this additiomuaim laOaru Ot VJUUUCli uy uin uu cicu-copy 'of these resolutions, attested bythe Chiirman of this Convention.SPRING SHOOTING PROHIBITEDThe United States Department of Agriculture lias received inquiries frommany sportsmen in the Middle Westin regard to spring shooting" of waterfowl. In response the department hasmade the following public announcement:Under the Federal regulations thereos a closed season from February 1 toSeptember 6, inclusive, each yeaithroughout the United States on waterfowl and other migatory gamebirds. The season for hunting is further restricted in various parts of thecountry to periods not exceeding threeand one-half months. The open season on waterfowl in the States ofOhio, Indiana, Iillinois, Iowa, Nebraska, Kansas, and Missouri is fromSeptember 1G to December 31, inclusive, and it is unlawful to hunt or killwaterfowl in those States at any othertime. Persons committing violations:of the regulations may be prosecutedat any time within three years afteran offense is committed.FRENCH BUILD THEGREATEST TUNNEL.With the greatest war in history ontheir hands, the French have foundtime and resource to continue theirwork on the great commercial canalwhich will connect the .port of Marseilles with the Rhone River. In thecourse of this construction they havefound it necessary to complete thegreatest tunnel ever driven for the passage of the canal at one point. Th3tunnel is four and a half miles long.greater in quantity than would be the !fZlKfi with it similar milrrkaH hmnol 1More rock was removed than from anytwo of the tunnels which pierce theAlps. The canal will not be completedfor some time, but the tunnel has beensuccessfully finished.RUSSIAN SYMPHONY ORCHESTRA AT LEXINGTON.The Russian Symphony Orchestra.Modest Altschuler, conductor; Bernard Altchuler. cello soloist, andMichel Gusikoff. violinist, will beperformances, afternoon and evening, have Deen having the most phenomenal success on their present springtour, and the review from the DaytonJournal, after their performance inthat city, says:"There was no neutrality, armed orotherwise, on the stage at the Victo-i iu l...!-- .t !-, D.mnlnn Cinnnnnvi Airst'.iiuiei turn me iiuboiuu utiuujujj Orchestra gave an all-Russian pro-!gram j was all-Russian up to the lasttWQ minutes or the concert bleeding.- .....ing Pot' was depicted by tnoDDingstrings, crashing brasses and vibrant'reeas in a word, Altschuler gave hismen a signal and they turned from thee .Marcheyslav to the soul! stirring strains of 'The Star Spangled'Banner As one man, the orchestraland audience arose. A gesture from1 .... .1 Altschuler signaled his hearers, WAre All Americans Now,' and the audience broke forth into the nation'santhem. To the ever-lasting credit ofDayton, let it be recorded that the bigjchorus uot only knew the wordSf butsang them with a fervor that reverberated in thrilling rivalry with the rolling kettle drums and the monster tubaOnly a few moments before the concert began, the orchestra had been apprised that the Czar had abdicatedThe news fairly electrified the playersand it is doubtful whether those prescnt at last njgi's concert will again. .. i,Q i. mcio ninvori withar J 7 V , , . ,l'"t ", the zest and fervor which character-lgreal PaetTf S-vmphony 'iii;nr ;rQ ,,p iun nvnnnir MooriiociU.0 say its production was a marvel ontone color. It surely was plaved0mare' of its Slavic equivalconalent"Rachmaninoff and Piimsky-KorsakoTf jwere also presented." iThe program for the evening per Jformance in Lexington contains this ;great syinpnony, piayeu as oniy meRussian Orchestra can ,play it.(adv)A CORNOFF WITHOUT PAIN!Cincinnati Authority Tells How toDry Up a Corn or Callous So ItLifts Off With Fingers.You corn-pestered men and womenneed suffer no longer Wear the shoesthat nearly killed you before, says thUCincinnati authority, because a fewdrops of Freezone applied directly ona tender, aching corn or callous, stopssoreness at once and soon the corn orhardened callous loosens so it can belifted out, root and all, without pain.A small bottle of Freezone costs very ilittle at any drug store, but will posi-tively take off every hard or soft cornor callous. This should be tried, asit is inexpensive and is said not toirritate the surrounding skin.If your druggist hadn't any Freezonetell him to get a small bottle for you .from his wholesale drug house. It is .fine stuff and acts like a charm every Itime. lauvjCHICAGO PAPERS SMALLER.Chicago daily newspapers, anticipating a shortage of paper in the eventof a railroad strike began to make radical cuts in the size of papers. Prac-1tically all features were eliminate:'and news items were pared to the"bane." JBAD COLDS FROMSUDDEN CHANGES.Spring brings all kinds of weatherand with it come colds and the revival of winter coughs and hoarsness. Dr. Bell's Pine-Tar-IIoney willhead off a new cold or stop the oldcue, the soothing balsams relieve thesore throat and heal the irritated tissues. Get a bottle to-day and starttreatment at once. At your druggist.25c. Formula on the bottle.(adv-mar)Slest aitour case,m spxxe oj Mmw;WOi, itosure toDLON'T let a cold snapbother you any.Keep that coal binfilled up. If you need itnow you can have itpromptly, because our delivery is as full of speed asour coal is full of quality.BURNFOX R8DC3ECOALW. C. , D0DS0N.ru-uutGafcSSYfo V-S!BDSBKy y ' LrlA M AND HIS WIFELEVY, THE DRY CLEANERCumberland Phone 40HERE IS A GOOD PLACE TO STOP FOR LITTLE MONEY.LOUJSVlLLc HOTEL, Louisville, Ky., Main St., bet 6th & 7th.The Only Hotel in Louisville Operated on the American and European PlaiwAMERICAN PLAN Rooms without Bathx but with Hot and Cold Runningwater (With Meals)75 Rooms single, $2.00 per day; 2 people, $2.08 each50 Rooms Single, 2.50 per day; 2 people, 2.25 each50 Front Rooms Single, 3.00 per day; 2 people, 3.50 eackRooms with Private Bath:50 Rooms single, 3.00 per day; 2 people, 2.75 eack50 Rooms single, 3.50 per day; 2 people, 3.00 eaehEUROPEAN PLAN Rooms without Bath but with Hot and Cold RunningWater (Without Meals)75 Rooms Single, $1.00 per day; 2 people, $0.75 each50 Rooms single, 1.25 per day; 2 people, 1.00 each50 Front Rooms single, 1.50 per day; 2 people, 3.2 eachRooms with Private Bath:50 Rooms single, 1.50 per day; 2 people, 1.2$ each50 Rooms single, 2.00 per day; 2 people, UO nebTHE OLD INN, Louisville, Ky.. Cor. 6th and Main Sts., European FQm feriy.Rooms Without Bath, $1 and up; Rooms With Private Bfigi, Sl-t &; g$.BEST EATING PLACE IN TOWN.The Louisville Hotel and the Old Inn are located in the holM q-Q jSliS:,and only a three-hlock's walk to the retail district and theatres.trt m nm e Climate is DelightfulGULFDURING MARCH AND APRILEnjoij tlie Lalmtj air and sunshine in tkis end-antingland c .lowers. Plaij golf or tennis, motor, fisL, sail orrov.-. Low round trip fares, and convenient train service.1 aTickeb to New Orleans and Gulf Coast poinb via Louisville& Nashville R. R., permit side trip to Pensacola at slight cost.For illustrated literature, schedules, etc, appltj to localrepresentatives of the Louisville & Nashville R. R. or addressR. D. Pusey, General Passenger Agent, Louisville, Kij.L. & N. TIME TABLE(Effective Sunday, May 28, 1916, 12.01)TRAINS FROM ARRIVALNo.1'34 Lexington, daily except Sunday 5:18 m34 Atlanta, daily ,. 5:25 am25 Cynthiana, daily except Sunday ...... 7:35 am10 Rowland, daily except Sunday : ......7:36 am11 Maysville daily except Sunday. , 7:38 am40 Lexington daily except Sunday'. , ,..7:40 ara17 Maysville, daily except Sunday 9:50 am37 Cincinnati, O., daily 9:52 am12 Lexington, daily . 10:12 am33 Chicago, daily 10:17 am26 Lexington, Daily Except Sunday 12:00 m29 Cynthiana, Daily Except Sunday 2:55 pm9 Maysville, Daily Except Sunday 3:00 pm138 Lexington, Daily ." 3:12 pm35 Knoxville, Tenn., Dally 3:15 pm19 Maysville, Daily . 5:40 pm39 Cincinnati, Daily Except Sunday 5:50 pm14 Lexington, Daily Except Sunday 6:18 pm32 Jacksonville, Fla., Daily 6:33 pm31 Cincinnati, O., Daily 10:3S pm130 Lexington Daily 10:23 pmTRAINS FOR LEAVENo.16 Maysville, Daily except Sunday 5:30 am34 Cincinnati, waily 5:30 am40 Cincinnati, daily except Sunday 7:45 am11 Lexington, daily except Sunday 7:47 am10 Maysville, daily except Sunday 7:48 am25. Lexington, daily except Sunday 9:55 am37 Knoxville, daily 9: 57 am133 Lexington, daily 10:20 am33 Jacksonville, daily 10:22 sun18 Maysville, daily 12:04 pro26 Cynthiana, daily except Sunday 12:05 pm13 Lexington, daily except Sunday 3:17 pm38 Cincinnati, daily 3:20 pm39 Lexington, daily except Sunday 57 p9 Rowland, Daily except Sunday 6:00 pm14 Maysville, daily except Sunday 6:33 pm32 Chicago, daily 6:38 pm30 Cynthiana, daily except Sunday 6:48 pm139 Lexington, Sunday only 9:38 pm118 Maysville, Sunday only 9 :3o pm119 Rowland, Sunday only 9:40 pro129 Lexington, Daily 6:35 pmw c&5 o. i7ZjvE;-,rxs:oiiEjNO. TRAINS ARRIVE FROM2 Frankfort, Ky., Daily Ex. Sunday 7:38 a. m4 Frankfort, Ky., Daily Ex. Sunday .' 5:50 pvm.TRAINS DEPART FOR1 Frankfort, Ky., Daily Ex. Sunday 8:25 a. icu2 Frankfort, Ky., Daily Ex. Sunday ,.-. S:25 p. -may both derive satisfactionby having their worn and soiledgarments cleaned by us. Thecost is nominal, while the pleasure of wearing old clothes thathave the appearance of new,conjunction with the knowledgethat you are effecting a greatving, must surely satisfy you.A phone brings us.Home Phone 1692IKaKSK3on tke Beautiful MississippiCOASTTUESDAY, MARCH 27, 1917.THE BOURBON NEWS, PARIS, KY.PAGETHMMOTHERS! GIVE CHILD"SYRUP OF FIGS" IFTONGUE IS COATED.If Cross, Feverish, Sick, Bilious, CleanLittle Liver and Bowels.Children love this "fruit laxative,'TO THE FARMHWOF KENTUCKY. SOCIAL ANDPEKSONAL.After an earnest and careful lures- Coming j "78ligation in this State relative to the p?, &5d JSP of urhigh cost of food products the neces-1 people Here, There andsities of life the basic cause can he Elsewhere.placed upon the fact that the farmers , , "of Kentucky durinc 191fi fniipii to -.. . .oauie eatty has returnedand nothing else cleanses the tender plant and produce a sufficient amount Flortcfa t0 relatives and riendsstomach, liver and bnwpls n nirplv Ip tA j..-. , . . UUUUd'It VirnL T n i T Ml! amUnt fr their 0Wn family "ump. been very ill at Manchester,' Ohio,they Become tight ly clogged with.Uon. and are to-day buyers in the open 4 -Mrs- Edward Wright, of Covingvaste. liver gets sluggish, stomach I market for such. The citizens of th- n: 1S a est her son, Mr. Charlessours, lnen your little one becomes cities and towns are no' expected Wn?llt' and Mrs. Wright, in this city,cross, half-sick, feverish, don't eat and can not plant and' produce these i Mis?es Sallie and Mary Thompsonsleep or act naturally, breath is bad, 'necessities thus reiving ul ?mV8 retu5ned to their home in Cyn-.tem full of cold, has sore threat.' l!denc and 3- ViSlt l friendS ta tUstomach ache or diarrhoea Listen, city people become competitive buyers -Mrs. John Reynolds and Mrs Lmother; See if tongue is coated, then i the apen market for these products. M. Lail, of Cynthiana were recent visgive a teaspoonful of "California Syr it is uo wonder that prices soar to itors to friends and relatives in thisup of ligs and in a few hours all the present unreasonable proportions. citv;the constipated waste, sour bile and The first duty the farmer owes to his , Mrs' Thomas Rice has returned Uundigested food passes out of the sys- familv is thf nmrlnrtm,, r o em,,t ller ll0me in Maysville after a visit totern an,l you hav a we, vwCtZSSjgi MS."" """ ""T... to tT . ,., . ana leea the members of that houseMillions of mothers give "California, hold. This being done they are indeoyxuy ul riK& utx-uuse il is penecuy, pendentjianmess; cuuaren love it, anu it never :i handDO YOU HAVE DIZZY SPELLS?It's Important to Learn the Cause, AsMany Paris People Have.4111 1 lUII 1 1 IHH i 111 111 1 1 IIHIHIti I 111 111 II 1 1 1fails to act on the stomach, liver andbowels.Ask your druggist for a 50-cent botMrs. William Kelley has returnedto her home in Covington, after a visit.Then conserve the products to her aunt, Mrs. W. W. Haley, nearAt this time thprn nrp mnnv Clintonville.efforts being put forth to teach the-Mrs. S. M. Wilmoth was a guestneed and advantage of censervation of st eek of her daughter, Mrs. Roothome Droducts. It is don thi-mirf, . "Ufa5IU' a, m nuie. iincasier, inmTI 7 Ulr0U bUUetinS -1" -Mi-"' isabelle Merrimee. ofTJxlllT'r? ' cWTld.rnj through teaching and fortunate is the Shawhan has gone to New Richmond,of all ages and for grown-ups plainly farmer who has learned this lesson Ohio, for a visit to her sister, Mrsprinted on the bottle. Beware of coun nf "nroeliir.tmn nnd nnnnmftnn t Walter Pn.vnAPterfeits sold here. Get the genuine, uw:., ,..,. ....-n i .-i . , at T?.a'-nnt o,i r,. m.o..i-.made by the "California Fig Syrupgenume, I this way he will be surprised to find toicr Cirmm ' . . . ......Bosley Parrish have returned from aCompany. Refuse any other with fi Pnrini fnr th 0Tmi0 T,,if win Pleasure trip to New Orleans and othM..w. D ... w uuiip.uti 1'lVSUUU i,icontempt.(adv)CALLING THE ROLL.American ships sunk since Feb. iand the lives lost:Feb. 3, Housatonic, warned, no casualties. Feb. 13, Lyman M. Law, warned, nocasualties.March 12, Algonquin, unwarned, nocasualties.. March 16, Vigilancia, unwarned, 15ir-isslng.March 17, City of Memphis, warned,no casualties.March 18, Illinois, unwarned,casualties.March 21, Healdtcn, unwarned,missing.jvhat an extent this larger production osiey farrisn haAnd enrimr fnr Hip cnrnlnc nrnr1iif will Pleasure trip to N.mean in money in his pocket and sus- 58 Houston and Deshaitcmanco to his fellow beings. smith have returned from an extendedIt is for this reason that I call upon, visit to Mr. and Mrs. George Adair, atjthe farmers of Kentucky to materially Pensacola, Oklahoma.increase their planting this year, so Mrs. G. W. Napier, of near Paris,that a surplus may accrue which ,,as returned rrom a visit to heiwhen placed upon the market will re- dauhter, Mrs. Lewis Mitchell, and Mrduce the extremely high cost of liv- Mitchell, at Hazard Ky.,w .i mv rwnw on,, won v . . ?IJ?!. A1 Wagoner, of near... . . lt j c. ...... . Nirth Middletown, has taken a posinoDizziness is never a disease of itselfit's only a symptom of some deeperseated trouble. .Much dizziness iscaused by disordered kidneys failingto filter all the poisons from theblood. These poisons attack thenerves and dizziness results. If yo-jare subject to dizziness, there is gooreasons to suspect your kidneys, andif you suffer backache, headache, andirregular kidney action, you have further jproof. Many Paris people havelearned the value of Doan's KidneyPills in just such cases. Read thisParis resident's statement:Mrs. J. W. Markland, 326 Eighth St..Paris, says: "Some few years ago 1suffered severely with kidney complaint and sometimes was in a seriouscondition. I have had a constant, dullache across the small of my back and Ihave had terrible dizzy spells at times.I have used Doan's Kidney Pills forthis trouble and they have helped memore than anything else, always relieving me of the complaint."Price 50 cents, at all dealers. Don'tsimply ask for a kidney remedy ?eiDoan's Kidney Pills the same thatMrs. Markland had. Foster-Milburn jCo.. Props., Buffalo, T. Y. (adv)Wolf, Wile & Co.Lexington, KentuckyThis IsThe ProperSelect YourTime ToSPRINGCORSETBLASTING WITH LIME.One of the greatest forces producedby chemical action is that which i3 ;generated by the swelling of quicklime, or unslacked lime, when it is ,brought into contact with water. Thelime when wet swells with a force .that is well-night irresistible. Many Jengineers have worked on methods tomake use of the force, but it has neverthe many hungry starving families of tion as bookkeeper in the -office of the ' been .practically applied until recently, jfthis commonwealth. Bourbon Steam "Laundry. Not long ago it was necessary to tearSincerely,MAT. S. COHEN,Commissioner of Agriculture.Airs, uan -vviimoui, or rans, anu ,1(Vwn niimhflP nf nrip n;unra tWPnfVher mother, Mrs. James H. Shropshire, r . ... , . . . . .!of Leesburg. were guests of friends im"1 high and twelve feet square, in aiciuiury. xjyiiaimus was Jiupracucuuiobecause of nearby machinery. SoCIRCULAR OF A CENTURY AGOA Philadelphia firm of type founderI has issued the following circular call-I Cincinnati, the past week.j Mrs. Thomas Weathers, who hasbeen a guest of Mr. and Mrs. H. C.Weathers, near Clintonville, has returned to her home in Covington.Mr. and Mrs. Frank Sledd, ofNot Needed Below."This is a funny ship.""How so T"They have no clock in the cabin.""Oh, no! But then, you, see, they alw&jb keep a watch on the deck.'Stray Stories.WHEN TO TAKECHAMBERLAIN'S TABLETSWhen you feel dull and stupid aftereating.When constipated or bilious.When you have a sick headache.When you have a sour stomach.When you belch after eating.When you have indigestion.When nervous or despondent.When you have no relish for yourmeals.When your liver is torpid.Obtainable everywhere.(adv-mar)For Sale.Sixty nice stock heifers; weightabout 600 pounds.CAYWOOD & McCLINTOCK,(13-2wks-4t) Paris, Ky.For Rent.House of 5 rooms on Lilleston areue. Electric Lights, Gas, Water.Bath, GantenSpotr Concrete Cellar.Apply to undersigned. 'MRSR: M. HARRIS,Home phone 82. Paris, Ky.(20-3t)FOR RENT.Three unfurnished rooms at No. 733WMker avenue. Hot and cold waterand other conveniences. Call HomePJwae 339. (jan30-tf)., v.,v ,w,o nf n,i North Middletown, had as guests theins attention to the importance of the week Misses 'Mildred Ltsle, Fran-j development by the United States o, ces Clay and EHen TowleSf of Paris.domstic supplies of essential metals: . irs w. R. Scott has as guests atI The present state of the commerce her home on South Main street, Mr.of the United States, arising out of and Mrs. J. R. Watkins, of Louisville,the conduct of the belligerent powers, and Mrs. W. A. Lutkemeir, of Frankhaving shown our wants, and' pointed fort.out the necessity of calling to our aid Misses Mary Kenney Webber.n of the natura. productions o the '.1!country as our knowledge and researca ben Qf the Alpha 2eta freteniityf iamight enable us to discover; with a Uie puoenix Hotel, in Lexington,view to this important object, we par Mrs j. w. McCarthy, who hasticularly solicit your attention to the beeu a patient at the Massie Memorialarticle of Antimony, which is essentia! Hospital, in this city, for some timein the manufacture of Printing Types, was removed to her home on Cypressand which has not heretofore been dis- street, Friday, considerably improved,covered in this country. Bismuth Mr. and Mrs. Charles A. Webber,would also be a great acquisition, and or Paris will be chaperones at theprofitable to the owner of the mine, dance to be given in the Phoenix HotelAs it is highly probable that articles, at Lexington next Friday evening. Mr..hich abound in so many parts of Owsley WalanJeorEurope, are not totally wanting in this . ,.... ,T.. . 4w w O(,.oct1v -rt Mr. and Mrs. Maurice Willis, Missextensive country-, we earnestly ro MeMrg wmig and wmquest you to make the necessary m- Hudnallf of near fNorth Middletown,quiries in your neighborhood, and, havfe gone to Houston, Canada, whereshould you discover anything which tjiey wm engage in farming on a bigpromises a favorable result, to trans- ranche, returning in November next.mit an account of it to us. i Misses Mary Kenney Webber andWe are, respectfully, Katherine Wilson, o:' Paris, attendedBINNY & RONALDSON, the "tacky party" given Saturday evenLetter Founders. ing in Lexington by the Theta Chapter of the Kappa Alpha Fraternity atThe only comment to, be made on the Chapter House on South Broadthis statement is that the date of the way.circular is February 17, 1809, at which Mr. and Mrs. James H. Battertinie the sole method of calling atten- ton and' family, who have been resition to the needs of the country in dent of Paris for many years, havesuch mattors was by personal circular " &k?and pamphlet; there was, for instance, takeQ a position ag superintendent of ano Government clearing house of in- large geam .plant there,formation with reference to minerals Mrs l HaleVf of Mascot, Artsuch as the United States Geological zont( haa arriVed for a visit to friendssurvey of the Department of the Inte- and relatives in this city and countyrlor. She was accompanied by her sister,This circular was found by one of Mrs. Thos. McDonald, of Paris, whothe geolgists of the Geological Survey met her at New Orleans for the returnamong some of ti papers of Thomas trip.Jefferson- Both in tone and suo-j tstance, this "preparedness" suggestion WAYNE COTTINGHAM WILLTelating to the development of the EmT KERNAL NEXT YEAR,country's natural resources is not essentially different from appeals made, Wayne Cottlngliam, of Paris, a jun-more than a century later. ior m tne department of journalism,holes were drilled in the pillars andfiilled with quicklime upon which waterwas poured. The mouths of the holeswere closed by tamping. In ten minutes as the lime swelled the great pillars split and broke in all directions.Just before you buy your Spring Gown or Tailor Suitlet us fit you to any one of the many excellent style corsets we carry. For weeks we have been receiving theJ newest models produced byThe Redfern ManufacturersThe Madame Irene ManufacturersThe Bien Jolie ManufacturersThe La Camille (Front Lace) MakersThe Nemo ManufacturersThe Warner Rustproof ManufacturersAnd our own Nannette MakersWOMAN SUFFRAGE ISPROBABLE INFor SaleOne set of dining room furniture, inimtcla&s condition. Call HomeFtwae 96, Paris.Notice To the Public!'University of Kentucky, has been elect-AMERICAN DITCH DIGGERS 'ed editor-in-chief of the Kernel, newCUT BATTLE TRENCHES. Paper of the University, to succeedWilliam C. Shinnick, on the latter s(Popular Mechanics Magizine.) 'graduation in June. 'a' fim vnrinns tvnes of trench J. Thornton Connell, also of Paris, aIdieeers employed on the battlefields sophomore in the department of jouri.v - nurmanv and its allies is a big nalism, will be junior editor, and Bu-machine of 'American manufacture gene Wilson, of Marion, recently eiecc'which before the war probably was ed business manager, wm cumum u.,i;pri for cutting drainage ditches or mat .posiuon ue.u jmi.making aUonl for pipes and con- Other members of the 1917-18 staffduits It is of the same general char- will be appointed in a few days prob-acter as some of those used in many ably, by Mr. Cottlngham who is nowcities for more peacerui managing cuilui ui mc iiuC.. ...LUUt win nar this season the nighest. !. rJ m our own Cities IOr moro ycaw;iui umiiubiuc, v..ww. w-prices that have ever been known in oi Caterpiiiar treads enable new staff will take charge ofMAX MUNICH.Paris for horse hides, beer niaes, - - inta f.,riv onft fields in paper, probably in April.Seep pelts and furs. " fa .. ne weight. It is Mr. Oottingham is one of the mostI will also pay the highest market sp ue o of earnest students m the College of Jour-price for Rags and Paper. I will send I "(?,?- aD0Ut the circumference of a nalism at the University, under the diafter it any place in the city. Call , nuc K wheel and is operated i ection of Mr. Enoch Grehan, and gain-by Cumberland phone 374. Office on j J ,Q pnrine mounted, at the front ed much valuable experience whilepnd The buckets are dumped as they local corresbondent for the Lexingreach the top, the dirt falling on Co ton Herald. Mr. Cottlngham is one?Wt conveyor and being distributed of the brightest : Ujjt. , m college 30ur-alone one side of the excavation uauam nx iuC ou, ,rrnin a parapt-as the macliine predicts a brighter future for him:-l,aA Rnnh an anoaratus re- he adopts Uie newspaper game asquires the attention of only three or .profession.tour men and accomplishes Uie work ART COLLECTIOnof 100 or more. gQ,D N APRILEighth Street(20-oct-lyr)Piano Tuning!WASHINGTON, March 26. "Russia will in all probability be the firstworld power to (provide forsuffrage," said J. G. Ohsol, formermember of the Russian duma."If a constitutional convention iselected by universal suffrage, as provided in the provisional government'smanifesto, there will be a dozenwomen among the delegates, and theconvention will grant votes to women"It will probaly surprise Americans!to be told that in Russia there is nojJsuch sex prejudice as exists in Eng-1land, Prance, Germany and the United ; rStates."IRUSSIA, fwomen .MMShapes, styles and prices to suit every customer. Fitand comfort assured and hygienic fittings given by expert fitters.Make your appointment at once for a fitting.Wolf, Wile Co. ILexington, Kentucky.'M..M...t.j. until t..t.,i. T f T T T H 1 1 T T T I T f 1 F U 1 1 1 1 mWHMMUflUHMMHII FARMERS SUPPLY CO.g ROBNEEL BUILDING, COR. EIGHTH AND MAIN, PARIS, KY.Everything the Farmer Needs at Lowest Possible Prices.g All Our Goods the Best That Money Can Buy. Buy the Best at a Savinsof From 5 to 25 Per Cent.5 John Deere Farm Implements. Three-horse Plovs guaranteed to scour in anyCutting Harrows, Corn Planters, Walking and Riding Cultivators, Single, Double, Three andFour Shovel Cultivators Mowers, Self Dumping and Bull Rakes, Binders, Drills, WagonsManure Spreaders, Garden Plows. Oliver Chilled, Vulcan and Syracuse Points 40c eachJ. I. Case Tobacco Transplanters. All we ask of you is, before you buy take a look at ourmachinery and we will show you why you should buy John Deere Machinery.HarnessBuggy Harness $12 to $25.00.Pony Harness $10.00 to $15.00Breeching $6.00 to $10.00.Back Bands 25c to $1.00vBelly Bands 50c to 75c.Check Lines 3.50 to $4.75.Hames 75c to $1.75.Trace Chains 60c to 95c.Hame strings 15c to 25c.Bridles $1.25 to $3.00.Breast Chains 50c to 65c.Collar Pads, all sizes, 30c.Saddles worth $25, now S17.50Saddles worth $24, now $16.50Saddles worth $10, now $7.50.Boys' Saddles worth $9, now$7.Boys' Saddles worth $7.50,now $5.50.All kinds of Horse Blanketsand Buggy Robes.NEWSifaSince the death. o my father, Mr.J. R. Hanna, well and favorably knownrer Paris and Bourbon County toryears as an expert piano-tuner, I havesucceeded him in business, and willontinue his work. I have been associated with him since childiiood, andI know what to do.Will be in Paris twice a week. Iam factory representative for tbe Lester Piano. Call or write,OSCAR F. HANNA,485 Weit Slxtn St., .j where(2mar-tf) . .- Lexington, Ky.HOW TO PREVENT CROUP.Announcement of the sale of paintings collected by the late James B.turfman, mine owner and-onion the child is subject to at4ve f croiLD. see to it that he eats Hazrin.a light evening meal, as an overload financier reveals the fact that he haded stomach may Dnns ou u at,v gemoa an aggregation of paintingsiso watch for Uie first sympoms- masters that pag fahoarseness, and give Chamberlain ' collections ofsoon as ine cunt " . . , ,Obtainable every thoroughbred horses at Rancho del' Rosa, in California, and his Blmendor'(adv-mar) farm, in Kentucky.Cough Remedy as soon asbecomes hoarse.ChurnsDazey Churns, 3, 4 and 6gallons. Also wood churns.Scales, Pumps, Etc.We are agents for Fairbanks-MorseScales, Pumps,Engines, etc.Paints.We have on hand about 1, 000gallons Simmons Paint. Nobetter paint in the world.Bought last year. Can sellfor 40c per gallon less than wecould if bought to-day. Alsoa quantity of white leadbought at the same time. Ifyou are going to paint, see usbefore you buy. Linseed Oiland Turpentine. All kinds ofporch and inside paint.HardwareLook over our list and seewhat you need;Saws, Hatchets, Hammers,Planes, Axes, Mauls, Wedges,Locks of all kinds, DrawingKnives, Pruning Knives, Table Knives and Forks, PocketKnives, Butcher Knives, Car?ing Sets, Kitchen KniveShears and Scissors, SheetClipping Machines, HorsClipping Machines, SheejShears, Rakes, Hoes, Forksall kinds of handles, Nails!Screws, Bolts, Horseshoes andNails, Grindstones. Feed Baskets, Clothes Baskets, EggBaskets, Cistern Pumps, bothwood and galvanized, IceCream Freezers, Water Coolers, Buckeye Incubators, United States Cream SeparatorsLawn and Porch Swings.Take a look at our STOVESand RANGES. We sell "theNever-Rust Cast Iron Range.No better made. Guaranteedfor 20 years. Worth ?60. 00,now $40.00. Four-eye CookStove $12.50 to $16,001All Kinds of Staple Groceries. Seed Potatoes. ?est FIour $1.i5 bw.iu vyooa; .Best FlourStudebaker Autos.If you are going to buy anAutomobile let us show youthe Studebaker. It has everything you could wish forin an automobile except thehigh price. Looks, comfort,power, room, workmanship,material the best.Goodyear Tires and Inner Tubes,all kinds of accessories, Gasoline,Auto Oil, Bumpers, Spot Lights,Sparks Plugs, Pumps, etc.Good Farm Machinery OH 25cper gallon; our Special Auto Oil40c; Gas and Steam Engine Oil.Crude Oil for your hogs. CreamSeparator Oil worth $1.00, now50c per gallon.SmflfihM in Plntli- Pocf Plnnv 1 9K o Q- J. if i ,100 lbs. $8.20; Pure Cane Sugar 25 lbs. $2.10; can Corn 10c; canHominy i0cU-reMnP,"??rjluc: ouc uaiuornia reacnes zuc: zuc LJaiirornia Heanhpc15r QOo nnV. '-r -"faiu20c California Pineapple lfcj Arm & Hammer Soda per lb. 7 l-2c; lEtSS't-iiCTf. 3per id. -i i-zc; pure Lara per id. zzc; Smoked Bacon per b. 22Kc All prices snhiXf . -.without notice. The markets are strong on everything. We Twill iSt U to Chaf geabsolutely necessary. We can't advertise everything&ve us Tcall and you $$?tjiat we can save you money. y " see then8th & Main FARMERS SUPPI Y rAMDAUV .r-. w. . . vvmrnrii wis,c;rw mTim ,n lMoPAGE FOURTHE BOURBON NEWS, PARIS, KY.TUESDAY, MARCH 27, If IT.THE WEATHER FOR WEEK.SHORTHORN. BREEDERSI FORM ASSOCIATION.BOURBON CIRCUIT COURT.TALES TOLD BY ANGLERS'I WHO CAN FISH SOME.The trial of the cases of J. H. Sii-Ivers, et al., and T. J. Flora, et. al., Not all the good fish stories get intoagainst the Paris Water Company oc- (print, and some are not worth the timeThe weather forecast for the weekiginning Sunday, March 24, is as fol-j A number of Shorthorn breederslows: from the counties of Bourbon, Fay-Fbr Ohio Valley and Tennessee, ette, Clark. Scott, Woodford, Jessa- cupied the entire time of the Court at and trouble of reproducing them, butFair and moderate until Wednesday mine, Shelby and Mercer, met in Lex- Friday's session and continued through this one trom a recent issue of the Stor Thursday, when weather will b- ington, Friday, and perfected a tern-' Saturday. The suits were brought for Petersburg, Florida, Times, bears theome unsettled, with probably rain, porary organization Tor the promotion ' the recovery of damages aggregating impress of the truth, as it concerns afollowed bv considerably colder. of the breeding of Shorthorn cattle in more than $6,000. Both suits were well known Paris man, who has justSaturday, Sunday and Monday were this section, an industry thatreally bright days, hill of promise of was a nourishing one here.oncegood things to come before Easter.The sun shone bright and clear andthe air was refreshing and invigorating, bringing out the voluntary and inToluntary "shut-ins."The streets were olive with pedes-Mr. C. H. Bowyer. of Lexington,one of the prime movers in the association, was elected president; B. A.Thomas, of Shelbyville, vice-president; Jesse Shuff, of Lexington, secretary-treasurer. A committee composed of W. H. Garner, Horace Gay,trians Sunday, while countless automobiles sped up and down the streets, B. A. Thomas and O. M.filled with pleasure-seekers. The was appointed to nominatetried before the same jury, and were returned from a stay in the land ofthe outgrowth of the big fire two years ( flowers and sunshine:"ago which destroyed the large ware- "The guests of the Passe-a-Grillehouse of Mr. Stivers, and the office .Hotel have entered into a lively king-and store rooms of Mr.and Fifteenth streets.Flora, at Mainfishing contest.ful stones areEvery night wondertold in the lobby notThe plaintiffs were represented by only of the fish that got awa, but theAttorneys Oscar T. Hinton, HarmonStitt and Denis Dundon, -while E. M.Johnson' Dickson and D. D. Cline looked aftera board the interests of the Paris Water Com-fcright weather caused an increased at- of ten directors, to ue voteu on at tne ; pany.tindsrnpp at the churches and Sunday next meeting of the Association, toin temperature.sohools. .Nature and nature-lovers be held on Tuesday, May 1. A comalike rejoiced in the agreeable change mittee composed of G. S. Allen, W. V.Sudduth and W. H. Garner was appointed to prepare a constitution andby-laws, to be offered at the nextmeetinfi of the Association.A resolution offered by Mr. Goff, olBourbon county, was passed, requesting the trustees of the University ofWALKER BUCKNER, JR.,STRICKEN WITH APPOPLEXY.Mr. Walker Buckner. Jr.. son of Mrand Mrs. Walker Buckner, was strick- Kentucky to provide some pure breden with appoplexy at the home of his Shorthorn cattle for breeding andparents, on the Cane Ridge pike, near judging purposes at the Kentucky Ex-Paris, about five o clock yesterday penment ouiuuu.flsh that were landed. Last Wednesday, Mr. Jos. W. Davis, of Paris, Ky.,with Mr. Craig C. Miller, of Marshall,Mich., and Dr. Hermace, of Philadelphia, ppent half a day on the gulf andThe cases went to the jury yester-1 returned with a wonderful catch. Fiftyday afternoon, after arguments by I six of their kingfish. specimens wereDickson, Attorney Oscar .brought to the hotel as an evidence ofHon. E. M.T. Hinton and Judge Denis Dundon.The jury returned a verdict in favorof the defendants in both cases.PARIS HIGH SCHOOL MINSTREL.morning.Mr. Buckner had been in his usualgood health, and had shown no signsef illness. He was reported last nighas being in a very serious conditionOn Friday evening, March 30, thepeople of Paris will be treated to oneof the most unusual entertainmentsthat has ever bee staged in this cityOne of the principal ideas mat tne The participants will be composed enthe members of the Association have tirely of High School boys, and thein view is the holding of public sales hish ciasg 0f entertainment that theyat different Doints in the State, asmanv as the number of cattle warTO ESTABLISH OFFICE.He had just arisen from bed when rant. It is quite likely tnat tne nrsctricken, his entire left side being af sale will be held in October of thetooted year coming. A number of buyers,.principally from the South, nave recently visited' Central Kentucky insearch of Shorthorn cattle and thebusiness already has an upward lookMr. J. F. Looney, Superintendent of i The Association started with thethe Postal Telegraph Company, has following charter members: C. H.informed citizens of Carlisle who have Bowyer, Lexington; F. B. Collinsbeea endeavoring to have a branch Keene; W. H. Garner, W. V. Sudduth.office of the Postal opened there, q. T. Sudduth, Winchester; Horacewith an operator for day service. Gay, Pisgah; B. A. Thomas, Shelbythat if suitable arrangements could vnig; o. M. Johnson, G. S. Allen.be made to secure a line to Carlisle Miiiersburg; May Goff, North Middlean oflice would be established there, town: Luther K. Rice. Paris; C. B.At present the Carlisle business is Qager, Georgetown;"handled by the Paris office of the Lexington.Postal.Jesse Shuff,have given us in athletics is sufficientthat the show next Friday will be weilworth seeing.Everybody enjoys a good negro minstrel, and that is exactly what theboys of the High School are going t'present. All the jokes are either newor remodeled to a sufficient extent toconceal their former identity. Themusic is first class and up-to-date. Allthe best people will be there; so fallin line and show the boys that you arefor them all the time. The price hasbeen placed within the reach of all;the place is the High School Auditorium, within easy walking distancefrom all parts of town. No excuse isleft.TEACHERS' PAY DELAYED BYPARISIANS IN OKLAHOMA.The Oklahoma City, Okla, corres-innn in Pi.nlni'i- fMii-ioi-.TrmrniilTIE-UP IN FEDERAL COURT .yuuuem m ouuua, . .u. -u. .-.has the following notes regarding forK. OF P.'S ARRANGINGFOR "A BIG NIGHT."The Committee in charge of Ladies'Night at Rathbone Lodge, K. of P., reports great progress in the preparations and from all indications therewill be a great and glorious time onthe night of March 29.A program is being arranged thatV O Gilbert, Superintendent of Pub- mer residents of Paris:lie Instruction, said Saturday that "Oil valued at a million and a halfthere would be some delay in sending dollar per annum iz being producedMf tho Mrrh installment due the on a fifty-acre lease owned and ope-achool teachers of the State. The dc- rated by Charles F. Colcord, born and is sure to please the taste of all presJay is caused, by the fact that the estl- reared in Paris, Ky., now of Okla-ent, while the- arrangement of amated revenue for the year on which homa City, and Jake L. Hamon, of j special nature have been arranged snthe per capita is based included money Ardmore. This is not the largest that all will have a part in the evenderived from railroad franchises, production on any similar acreage, ing's celebration. If you have not enrm, .DCOaamant nps nf the rail- but the oil is of higher gravity than 'gaged a lady for that occasion, take, ,mT,oico fl Ht m in federal any other produced in the original' our advice and do so immediately, as Jcourt and no revenue has been de Ringling field, and north more money there will sure be a scarcity of ladiesrived from this source. The $500,000 per barrel,Hhan any other oil in that in Paris for that night, as it will taka fnwq mnnt be Dald until the section. la lady escort to gain admission to theComingAttractionsPARIS GRAND AND ALAMOTuesdayALICE BRADY, IN"A GildedCage"A Brady Made Picture.Vmvfncr anioved a euod day's sport. Allof the men bore a healthy coat of tan,and were loud in their praises of thefishing In the Gulf of Mexico. Theywere fortunate in securing fish of un-. iiiKiiallv laree size. Mr. Hamilton, of iCynthiana, Ky., also had some finesport with the finny tribe near theMullet Key light."NOW'S THE TIME.Why not have the house wired forElectricity before the Spring HouseCleaning? Electricity is cheaper,cleaner and in every respect better fo"lighting purposes than any other method. No dirt, smoky oil, no chimneys tobuy, no mantels and shades to replace,no disagreeable heat in the summermonths. It's so convenient, too, formany other little comfoits, such as at.taching the electric iron, the sewingmachine, washing machine, electricfan. If you ever used electricity youwill never be without it. Let us figurewith you to-day on wiring the house.No better time than now.PARIS GAS & ELECTRIC CO.. Inc.(23-2t)QUARTERLY CONFERENCE OFCOUNTY BIBLE SCHOOLSThe quarterly conference of Bourbon County Bible Schools will beheld in the Christian Church in thiscity, on next Monday, April 2. Aninteresting program has been prepared for the occasion. A large attendance is expected.CHAS. RICHMAN, IN"Carriage No. 101"Fifth episode of "The Secret Kingdom."WednesdayL. rfuff and J. PickfordIN" Seventeen "by the FamousAlso 2 Comedies.aProducedPlayers.Added Attraction For ThisNight OnlyThe Dancing Castlesof the South"Hughes and Foushee, inthe latest dances. No advance in admission price.Hours-Alamo, 2 to 5:30; Paris Grand?7 Co 1 0:30, Admission 5 and 1 Oc.e- !, entire ic niiFtPd. "Tudee Preston S. Davis, Districtor by using part of the school funds Judge of the Vinita district, was infar npxt vear tills city on business this week. Judge- - - iOptometryPronounced Op-tom-e-try,withthe accent on the second syllable,is the SCIENCE of measuringthe refractive media of the eye,and where error exists' prescribing glasses that will bend therays of light so they will focusCastle Hall.The Committee has extended an invitation to the Matron Chief of theDavis was born and reared in Paris, Pythian Sisters and it is thought thatKy., and graduated from the old she will be present on the occasion inTransylvania University." question. If she does attend, the ladiesj of Paris will have an opportunity ofAUTO OWNERS. hearing the foremost speaker among'the women in this State. So the memUnderinflated tires are expensive. A;bers must keep it in mmd that it ischild can pump them up to full press-j tueir priViiege as well as their dutyure with our new foot pump, 75 or 80' to see that n women friends of Rath-pounds, quickly without fatigue. Fits bone l No i2 have an opportunityyour tool box.THE CLIFTON-PRATT CO.,(27-2t) Cincinnati, O.Maiden Ridge NurseryRICHMOND, KY.We have thousands of first-class apple and peach, which we offer at 12cents each. Other fine stock also.Send for list. No agents.(27-4t) G. L. SMITH, Prop.AMake Your CarLook New ForDollar or TwoWhether you paint your car yourself for the"fun of it" or for the tires and gasolene thatthe saving will buy, our Auto Finishes willgive the finish desired at a home-made price.C. A. DaughertyFifth and Main StreetsParis, KentuckyNOTICE.Hydrophobia is a most terrible andfatal disease. It is usually communi-nfni Kit paliva frntii a TaMfl fine rPh!f?Upon the retina of the eye, Stim- community must be protected and canUianng tne roas ana cones, re- oniy be done by killing, muzzling orStoring your Vision to normal. ' confining them. The law is clear.We are graduates of this SCI- Therefore all dogs within the city limENCE and especially invite you its or those .following owners from theto call and See US if you have country must be muzzled or confined,trouble with faulty vision. Con- else they will be destroyed. Thesaltation free. j Chief of Police is hereby notified thatI this order is enforced and becomeFRYE & FRANKLIN feoti7 om flrat pura"", thereof. Bv order of Board of Health.Doctors o! Optometry a. h. keller,Ikwflld., opp. Windsor Hotel! (23-3t) City Health Officer.ALAMAZOOSILOSSave money from start to finishThere is practically no "wear-out" to these good siIo.They're built of best materials throughout and embodyevery good feature that 20 years silo building experiencehas proven best. They're guaranteed to give absolute,lasting, positive satisfaction in every respect.BLAZED TILE SILOFire-proof, storm-proof, frost-proof, decay-proof,ivvquircs no uiicnuon or Tepain ana lasts lorme. Ualvanized re-mforcement. Made ofvitrified glazed tile blocks, three air spaces.W00D STAVE SILOYou have choice of three most lastingwoods. We make this outfit completefrom raw material to finished product andguarantee it both for service and satisfaction.A success secret of Kalamazoo Silos is the all-steel, hotgalvanized, continuous opening door frame, fitted with aseries of everlasting Redwood doors. Either the tile or woodsilos easily erected by home labor. Let us prove to you theKalamazoo quality. Write today for free illustrated booklet.Kalamazoo Tank & Silo Co.Kalamazoo michic.avJOHN A. GLENN, Local AgentrtsS??X,r HTfrfz "i-taI TT HI Tlitiillllnr ftesw I isHI II I') itimiirIII! bis III 111It'llm j I rjj 1 1 1 1 1 IBTWTOTIiliilMBTrj?BL7 Wi'i'H I w?tJ, V Vva2gjs'to be present. A correct program willbe published before long, but, in themeantime, do not forget the time, the.place or the girl.REUBEN GOT EXCITEDOVER THE "CHICKENS."In the Saturday Courier-Journal appeared a highly humorous skit, signed"Irish," being a letter to his pal, "Red,'in which he details the many funnythings that happened in the Legislature at Frankfort one day last week,when the school girls from the EasternNormal School at Richmond camodown to see the legislators legislate.In the letter he makes the followingshot at our own Representative Reuben Hutchcraft, of Taris;"Mr. Rube Huchcraf, the representative from Burbun county, got so excited when he saw the chickens upenthe gallerie that he started to unty hiphare and part his tie in the middle.Mr. Huchcraf had a lotuf mendments tobills on his desk, but. he forgot allabout 'em when them 'chickens' Mowed in the gallerie. It seems like heknowed one of the gurls, and he runoff upen the gallerie and got kidnaptWell ;-ir, Mr. Duffle, the Speaker,cummenced ter holler fur the gintlemeii from Burbun county, which iswhat they calls Mr. Huchcraf, andMr. Bowman, which is the nleecemaoof the House, had to go .in the gallerieand resku Mr. Huchcraf. When thegintleman frum Burbun cum back tohis sete to make a speech about hismendments he cumminced talkinabout tangebel and iutangebul properties, which showed he was all mixt up,and then he started to talkln aboutHesperides and sirens and a lot ofthings I didn't know nuthin about."TO PURCHASE FLAGS.In order to secure flags for theschool rooms, halls and auditorium ofthe Paris Public School, the proposition recently made by the Dixon Pencil Company was accepted, and the pupils have been engaged in selling leadpencils. The Dixon Pencil Companyoffered as an inducement various sizesof American flags for the sale of certain quantity of lead pencils. The pupils were very successful, and therooms will soon be adorned with "OldDress-Up Week March 31 to April 7Bringing Forward theNew Styles'. IniiN?V&Copyright. Milton Och. &. Co.EXT WEEK starts the "Dress Up" Period and thefollowing week brings Easter. It is now up to you,Mr. Paris, to see about your personal appearance.You can find powerful assistance right here in our storein making clothes selections for the occasions. Men withclothes experience know that our cloth are of the highestexcellence.And You Men Who Choose Clothes From$18.00 to $25.00We Have a Treat in Store For You.We want to show you the newest of styles in Spring Clothes just as theycome to us from the leading makers in the country. You'll want them once yousee them the choicest fabrics and a volume of beautiful patterns. Fabrics, fit,colors and tailoring are all guaranteed in these clothes. Every suit is a real valueat its price. - Pinch Back English and the conservative models are prevailingstyles. The patterns are new and there are any number you haven't seen before.READY SPRING HATSOur immense display of Soft Hats embraces every smart style and color producedfor the season. The foremost makers are represented. $3.00 to $5.00.R. P. WALSHMain and Seventh ONE PRICE STORE Paris, KentuckyiGlory. - ' -,-iiTUESDAY. -MARCH. 27, 1917.THE BOURBON NEWS, PARIS, KY,page Fryi 1'FOR THE BESTNOTHING ELSESOCIAL AND PERSONAL.Comings and Goings of OurPeople Here, There andElsewhere.OPENING OF NEW SHOP.Miss Holladay will open her newshop on next Friday, and invite3everybody to call and see her.BUYS HEMP CROP.Chas. S. Brent & Bro., of Paris, recently purchased of Mr. Henderson AOwens, of near Versailles, his crop ofhemp, grown on sixty-five acres,$13.75 per hundred.shocking, told Kentucky looked mightygood to him.I Hon. E. M. Dickson, of Paris,was in Carlisle, last week, where, incoun junction with Judge Howard McCartney, of Flemfngsburg. he helpedto settle the question of the amountMrs. Newton Tnvinn i,o0 .i of property in the Shannon estatefrom a visit to relatives in Lexington subjct to taxation. An agreed judgI Prof, and Mrs. B. T. Proctor were menL8 e"teredguests of friends in Lexington, Satur-i (Other Personals on Page 3.)day. 'Mr. W. B. Allen continues to ini! FORGER ARRESTED.prove at the Massie Memorial HosPital. i A man giving the name of It. G.Mrs. John Williams, of Louisville Reynolds, was arrested by Chief ofjis a guest of Mrs. Wm. Hukill, Sr., Police Fred Link and Patrolmanon Broadway. George Judy last night in PosnerMr. Marshall Terrill, of North Car- Bros- shoe store, a few moments afolina, is a guest of Paris and Bourbon ter ne uad bought a. pair of shoes andPUPILS TO GIVE PLAY.'The Old Maid's Transformation,"an amusing playlet, will be renderedby the pupils of the Little Rock Grad-county friends.Mrs. Charles Lonir and children, orfor Lexington, are guesU of Mr. and Mrs.Geo. W. Wilder.Squire L. J. Fretwell has returnedfrom a winter's stay in Florida, greatly improved in health.Miss Anna Louise White, ofParis, has returned from a visit tofriends in ML Sterline.liaa Cashed a foreed nlieolr for saoThe check was written on a FirstNational Bank blank, made payable toR. G. Reynolds and signed R. P. Collins, for American Telegraph andTelephone Co. After being taken tojail the prisoner acknowledged forging the check and said his right nameuas Robert Conley, from Brooklyn,JN. 1.There is tattooed on the outer-Miss Matilda James was a guest Slde of "is right arm a scroll withed School in the school building at several days last week of Mr. and tne word "Alice," On the inside ofLittle Rock, on Saturday evening, Mrs. W. J. Kennedy, in Carlisle. tlie arm is the word, "Jack," underMarch 31. The public is cordially . Mrs. John Thomas Perry, of Lex- V Shi,eljJ.s and, an American Flagmguju, lb a guest oi ner parents, Mr. v'" c" 1CIU rtllu ia a aman uiue cruaa.'and Mrs. A. L. Stephenson, near Paris Ifc is thought by the police that he i3J Mrs. Lillian Traugott and babe wanted on a more serious chargeof Lexington, were guests Tuesday of elsewhere.. ,T i, ii r , c Iier mother, Mrs. Eva Dimmitt, in this .Collector Ben Marshall, of the Sev- cjty "SILVER TEA" SUCCESS.enth Kentucky Internal Revenue Dis- Miss Kate Alexander will return'trict, has made the following assign- next week from Eustis, Fla., where Tlie "Silver Tea" given at the resi-ments for Bourbon County for the she has been a guest of Col. and Mrs dence of Mrs. H. H. Hancock, on Maininvited to attend.REVENUE ASSIGNMENTS.month jof April:No. 77 Julius Kessler & Co., ParisClarence Hough, storekeeper-gaugerjn charge; John, A. Logan, additional.ELEGANT SPRING MILLINERY.iii. t. uiay. street Saturday afternoon, by the memMr Ossian Sprake, who has been i,ers of the Young Ladies' Class of theconfined to his room for several days Methodist Sunday school, was a suc-with an attack of measles, is able to rtc.0 , n J ml ' .be out again coss m every wa- There was a largeI Miss Mary Fithian Hutchcraft has attedance, the silver offering amount-! returned from a visit to her sister, in6 to $5.35, for which the young ladiesMiss Helen Hutchcraft, at Oberlin Col-While our regular Spring Opening lege, Oberlin, Ohio,will not be held until April 6th, we Mr. and Mrs. Jot-o chowlne- everv riav some of the son William,smartest Spring Millinery in strawsthat can be had. The style is just0. Marshall ancwere guests Saturday,of Mrs. J. J. Curie and Mrs. M. E.Lydick, in Cynthiana.Dr. ami Mrs M "H". Dnflev nnrlwhat is appropriate for this season of daughter, Miss Louise Dailey, who(he year. The prices are right. Come have been spending the winter in Ft.in. . Myers, Florida, will return next Sat-(23-3t) MRS. CORNE W. BAIRD. urday.Miss Erna Watson, art instructorLOOKING 'EM OVER. in Hamilton College, at Lexington, has'returned to her duties at tnat insiituMisswish to return their thanks to the patrons of the "tea." The proceeds willbe used for the purpose of paying apledge which the members of the classhave made in the interest of their missionary work.ANNOUNCEMENT.Mi. Martin Doyle, the Paris turfman,was in Lexington last week inspectingtion, after a visit toRoseberry.The New York correspondence Olhis stable or racers, wuicn are uem& Sliminv'R rviirior.Journal. savs: "Mr.and Mrs. P. R. Williams, of Pans, Ky.,were among the Kentuckians visitingin the Metropolis this week."! Mr. Lucien Arnsparger returnedout Friday night from Milton, Pa,, wherehe has been for some time in tne emtrained at the Kentucky Associationtrack by Mr. Robert C. Frakes, formerly of Paris.Mr. Doyle reports the "string" as bein fit and fine, and workingnicely la U,e list are some .promising " S Manufacwring So,animals that will be heard from when J"' " ,,,. ,,,,.,. Hi UIC 1UIUUUUUO u.fu.&l.uil.uv.the spring races begin. i Mr Robert Delaney, formerly ofParis, who is now a resident of Ber-EASTER SUNDAY. trand, Nebraska, where he is engagedin farming, has arrived here for aEaster Sunday falls this year on short stay with relatives and friends.a-h r. hRinc neither late nor early. Misses Catherine Rodman andT-sct- vAnr it. came on ADril 23. and Anita Thomas haveFOR MAYOR.We are authorized to announce MR.WM. O. HINTON as a candidate forCarolyn, the Democratic .nomination for tho' office of Mayor of the City of Paris,subject to the action of the voters atthe .primary election on August 4,1917.THE PAIRExcellent Values For 10c ForSaturday Only.The following items for 10 cents:Glass Chicken Founts, Heavy PotatoMashers, all size Rubber Heels, 6-holeMuffin Pans, Milk and Soup Strainers,rotnrnpd to their large size bottle ammonia, large box. . .i a DS1 Cna1 0iMitrifr CAnn 1H rtanf otvanest year It will Ml on March 31 In homes m FranKfdr t atwr a v su o rcTtirWoenimellnmti1913 Easter bunuay came on me earn- -.. - - - -"-,." ,. nearParis or colors, 10c a can; Colgate's Dentalest date for it In this century March "J, rSceTveTby Cream. 10c; Andrew Jergen's Glycer-to. vj&l )ws uuaic' w j, w.. parjg gocjety people to tne master " ouo., v,, jcj6cuo iuigi, iaaumApril 23, was as late as it will be be- dance to be given at the Men ick Lodge Powder, 10c; 1 jar Blue Seal Vaseline,fore the year 2,000, when it again will ball m in Lexington, on Monday all four items for 25c; Slop Jars,fall on that date. .night. April 9. by the Terpsichorean gtoIT PAYS TO ADVERTISE. I kr. Clark Wilson, ot Toledo, O.. dozen for 10c; big bargain in Plates,IT kays I parents. Mr. and Mrs (breakfast size), beautifully decoratedThat it pays to advertise was again D. T Wilson, on Houston avenue. 6 for 25c; Toilet Paper, weight, tull 9That it pas 10 auerubt " d6 " ... ' d nosition in the ounces, 2 rolls for 10c.demonstrated when a one-inch ad Mr." Wilso n &$" t To- FOR FRIDAY ONLYinserted in Friday's NEWS by Mr. Overland Automobile orKs, at SPECIAL IN WALL PAPER-AndRichard Sales, enabled him to find a M wilance Uhl of Nashville right now is the time to buy it. Don'tcustomer in short order. Mr. Sales n ' ., relief ODerator for the wait unUl the season opens up forsale ;::: '"TinnTrfomnh Co.. has ar- ou cannot ouy u again ai inebe ciobu-Just 17 rooms left, enoughpaper most any size room.nml cntnn ill tllA lot Jl low AS SRft ftsaying he saw the ad in THE NEWS vacation. . pn.prKinP(, ihG room. If you are interested, sampleIt pays to advertise, and it pajs ro ;ur .-. "J- ..The Invin. books given away free,get quick results by advertising in 8, J cream supper at ITHE NEWS. n r VTjhnii'c Thursdav night, "ff '. Vy. JJ. iiifc"-w-. , - . - .'which they, attended the periormanceBANK BUILDING SOLD. 'at e movie show. All report a- verv pleasant evening.Bv the terms or a deal wnicn was -Mr. Louis aaioaiuu, wuu-.i..S.l Unnmnliilo tlliolf for Sftl -tt j miAn-nnVl Cnauvciuacu u. AauH"""" - western union icicBia. v,., .- . - .and by nine o'clock Friday morning it rived in paris to relieve Manager Mc- out P 3had changed ownership, the .purchaser Donald, who will take a two-weeks in tne lot toTHE FAIR.ing, which has been in progressseveral months, is completed.pleT by tte Bourbon-Agricultural j . toy'aSiBank & Trust Company, was sold to P .ViS, he nerformed. HeMrs. Ida Withers Davis, for a price g ccompanied by his family andnot given out for publication. The famil physician.Bourbon-Agricultural will occupy their Miss Martha Ferguson, who hadnew quarters in the former home of just retumed from a visit to Mrs. Wm.the First National and the old Agrl- A. Clarke, in Cincinnati, has gone t-mltiiral Bank between Broadway and Fort Leavenworth, Kansas, to De tneCth'sfrS aTron as the remodel- est of her10r as far 'as' Cincinnati by her mother.Mrs. J. Stuart Roberts.The concert given in me um v""R. F. CLENDENIN LEADS ?Uan church building at North Middle-AGENCY FORCE OF town by the Yonng Men's Chorus ClubNORTHWESTERN MUTUAL udirecUonThe Honor Roll Card for February There was a W -business of the NorUnvestern Mutual gScerts.Life Insurance Company shows R. F. eu M .s Dancing ClubClendenin, Associate General Agent adance at Varden's Hall onthe leader in the United &iau uu w-d-esday evening, April 11. musicagents, nis iwwt - . be fm-uisned Dy uic Ab--insuranceon the lives of otophone Trio, of Lexington. TheThe nearest man to him hours wln be from e giit to tv-o. xi -Kit f'lon- -r-i .. ninro RPnfKiiiieu u .- .-is-rote thirty-nine men om. . - ci -- ddenin has the honor of having more for Monday night, April . nasinsurance in. force in Bourbon county clared off- f Louis.for the Northwestern than any other -Mn. Samuel H otone , ocompany, lias in this county or an m, , - wltu herother county in the State of Kentucky, jeete in. Nw q. at Uie Walcott Hotel, will return theOLDER BOYS' CONFERENCE. at tu week accOTnpanied by Mrs. t- ...:n ha har mip.Rt at herHH.i!l.l..lUJaU.1WI.MWMisof 6,000$194,750.00fifty-one menKodak BankActual Size.Play Who Will ue nei buwowThe fifth annual conference of older gnts in the Weissenger-Gaulbert, ni. nnvnntinn of bOVS Of . ,,,, i TnievHle.DOVS, a OUii vw.w.- - DUllUlUBt "" ""the High Slcliool age,wUl be held at, T,nurt Huehes. formerly inPaducah, from March 30 to April 1, in loy oir the Louisville & Nash-clusive The meetings will be under m t jg p0int, who has been insupervision of the Boys' Division etroiL Mich., for several months has1G Kentucky Young Mens' Chris- moted to . responsible posi-. av.4 -Trrr nnniiiH i TirkTi m cicuu av ofirm, wherel.ncbysm aHparU of Uie State are V"?expected to take part in tbe proceed- KJ&vMe Hughes, of thoings. All the delegations are expect Drow Teleph01ie Co.ed to be accompanisd by a group lead- Palmer Shropshire was amaster or iwj- ., . 4Via um of his orotner,J VWlWi . .er, teacher, scoutof the conferon Second!. rruo. rmrnosu ul m v - ro tt mironsiiiiu.wornei. " - - i.J i inr. xv. -. - ", A j ivrGet a KodakWithout LettingYour PocketKnow It!Ask for a Kodak Bankand see how easy it is.to get a real camera withspare diiFRANK & COMPANYTHE RELIABLE STOREc-5.nnounce .,They Are Now Showing TheSeason's Best StylesSUITSDRESSESINCOATSSWEATERSNEWESTWAISTSSKIRTSSilks, Dress Goods,Wash Goods of All KindsTrimmings To MatchALL ARE REASONABLY PRICEDWe Cordially Invite Your InspectionPictorial Review PatternsFRANK & COMPANYWE HAVE SOLDAll the Goods We Care to Sell at the TremendousReductions We are Making During OurBig CashSalevBUTwe deem it only fair to our friends and patrons to Inotify them that there remain only ELEVEN MORESELLING DAYS during which you can receive thesetremendous bargains." -, AWe know ABSOLUTELY that you.receivebetter vajaesher&By ten or twentyupercent Jthan you can, get elewhere: We CANNOT AFFORD to sell goods at the 'prices we are making, but we are complying strictly toto our advertisements. This advertisement appears foryour benefit not ours.iTHE J. T. HINTON COMOTOR HEARSEMOTOR INVALID COACHUNDERTAKINGccEITHERPHONE993SIXTH AND MAIN STS.''5i-.-ence is the raising of boys- sianuwu- u ms city, l"'- ""f ,ft Stlte and the development of shr0pihire was en route to his homethe conference. m . -Daugherty Bros.Ay 7 N . . - t'r 4-'vTHE BOURBON NEWS, PARIS, KY.TUESDAY, MARCH 2f. 1017.A" sli 3' -Oon't Rub It OnBruises or Sore MusclesSloan's Liniment quickly penetrates and soothes 'withoutrubbing Cleaner than mussyplasters or ointments, does notitain the skin.Have a bottle handy for emergency,tbcamatic aches and pains, neuralgia, lumbago, gout, strains, sprains and lame back,yield to Sloan's Liniment.At all druggists, 25c. 50c. and $1.00.JEWS REJOICE OVERREVOLUTION IN RUSSIAThe Jewish race everywhere isMoved, thrilled, overjoyed by the Russian revolution, and well it may be, inthe land which has the greatest masst the Jewish population of the earthall legal and even social distinctionsare to be removed at once. Of tho13,000,000 Jews all over the world, ofthe 10,000,000 in Europe, 6,000,000 arain Russia. The new government ofRussia enfranchises these all at once,and removes every restriction hereto"fore put upon them.iWhatever Jews have in Americahey Are now, it seems, to have inRussia. The fetters are at once struckfrom the hands of the greatest bodyf Jews in the world. One effect of-his great change, if it is maintainedin the future, will be to diminish thenumber of Jews who will come to thiscountry; for the breaking down of this.pale, the removal o discriminations,the opening of all business and professions, would give the Jews an opportunity in Russia which certainlywould not be surpassed in this country, for the extent of Russia exceed3our own, and in some directions itsresources also exceed, or at last equalours. There may even be a returnlow of Jews from America to Russiawhen peace comes.It may also be noted that the relaxation of the illiterary clause in the newimmigration bill, for the benefit ofthose who are refugees from religiousand political persecution, wihch wasintroduced for the benefit of the Russian Jews, would "cease to be operative after the removal of such persecution through the present change inRossia.IwjM "There's a Reason WMRAILROAD RIGHT-OF-WAYTO BE USED FOR GARDENSThe Nashville, Chattanooga & StLouis Railway, in an effort to reducethe high cost of living to its maintenance of way employes, has tenderedthem the use of its right-of-way for cultivation. It is believed thai this actionon the part of the road will enablehundreds of its employes to raise agarden this year who might otherwisebe prevented.The fact that in many places thei ight-of-wTay was susceptible of cultivation, and that many of the section forces would be glad to availthemselves of the opportunity, wasbrought to the attention of the management recently, and orders were atonce issued that the men should beaccorded the privilege of the use ofsuch lands.There are 150 sections on the system, and during the spring and summer seasons each section is looked after by a force of from ten to twelvemen. The use of the' right-of-way forgardens would enable several hundred families to have vegetables during the summer and, in many instances, the gardens along the right-of-way will be the only reliance theseforces will have for garden truck.The land has never been in cultivation, and along some stretches of theroad should bring splendid results.The orders are to the effect thatsection men and other maintenance ofway employes may cultivate the landwherever such cultivation does not interfere with the operations of theliving to several hundred families isapparent.LARGE BRIDGES ARESHIFTED QUICKLY.There is something more than passing interest to be gleaned from anengineering feat that has been executed at Omaha. A few weeks ago anold four-span, 1,000-foot, 2,750-ton railway bridge extending over the Missouri River and connecting the Nebraska and Iowa shores was replacedwith a new one weighing 5,500 tons.The time actually spent in movingthe original structure out of the wayand slipping the other one onto the Jpiers amounted to fifteen minutes,while traffic was actually suspendedfor less than an hour. The operationis noteworthy because of the size andweight of oach of the bridges involved i ihe fact that they were handled intact instead of in sections. Onthe upstream and downstream sidesof the piers, falsework was erected,in one case to receive the old bridgewhen it was lifted from its supports,and in the other to carry the newstructure during the course of itserection. Five sationary engines and200 men accomplished the work. Illustrations in the Poular Mechanics Magazine show the two bridges resting onthe falsework, the old one having beenmoved to the left; and also the newbridge in place on the piers.Her Own Handiwork.Wife (angrily) I think you're themeanest man that ever was.Hub That's hard on yourself, mydear. According to your mother, youhave been the making of me. BostonTranscript.JH3TAljST1llljsssssCEREAL'Meres Onetable drink thatkiddies as well asthe older ones cansafely enjoyKATS SEEN ONFIRM AVENUEStraw Hats and Smart GownsMeet the Eye atEvry TurnGRAY A LEADING COLORNEW YORK, March 26, 1917.The glamor of Fifth Avenue acts ciea a narrow velvet or picot-edgedlike magic always, even on the grayest riDDOn arranged around the crownand dreariest days that March brings J witll studied carelessness are othVwith it All outward gloom is quickly simple forms of trimming. Very fredispelled by the glitter of the shop-' qeuntly one sees the Chinese hats,windows. Shoppers on their way from round hi shape and sloping down grad-one store to another pause continuallyto gaze ana enjoy tne wonaerrui uisplays. On the great thoroughfare itself, a never-ending procession of limousines, taxis and omnibuses roll by.with interesting occupants.XTara fhn -irfTtr Intacf wVlimc nf facVi.ion appear, the very best dressedwomen are seen; in short, all thatsums up the last word In fashion is atone's command!M3 .p 'Ix'7111' A . AFi.-"' Ko,-r- ! I--xA Smart One-Piece Frock- Developedin Two MaterialsJJKMl WImTr i -What are the smart women wear ,the straight one-piece frock. It coning? And what are the tempting bitsHinues to hold its sway and still findsof finery exhibited in these glittering favor with the masses. And new vawindows that cast such a spell about nations of it appear perpetually.them?Straw hats are quite the acceptedthing now. One can count the hatsthat are not springlike, so few and farbetween are they. The number ofpeople who still cling to the Idea thata straw hat is out of place beforeEaster, grows less and less daily. Infact, the tables are entirely turned,and and it is hard to believe that theout-of-place hats are those bright,springlike creations all a-bloom withflowers, and not those of darker andheavier materials.Even as early as this, hats of satinor satin and straw are giving place tothose of all-straw. Crepe and strawcombinations are very good style.Sometimes the crepe is used for thecrowns of the small high-crowned tubans with a little straw around thenarrow brims, or else it is used for hebrims of the wide sailors which havecrowns of straw.Very high crowned and almost brimless are some of the most popularshapes, but the picturesque, widebrimmed styles and fancy shapes arealso being worn.Hats are not heavily trimmed thisseason. A beaded ornament, or flowers worked in worsted or chenille, andplaced in front, often take all the rcsDonsibility of trimming. Feather fanuany rrom a point at the top.Gray a Leading Color.Evidently, gray is one of the smartest of the light colors this season.Sand, beige and putty are others whichhf e" ready b,e en Buccefs 8fully l,anched fThfef Popular gray -is a soft tone,mo,st attractive in dresses of chiffonand crene beaded or braided elaborately in a deeper tone of gray. For themost part, all-gray is generally favored, but a touch of light blue or coralpink appears here and there.Even in slices, gray is a color considerably used. Gray suede and kidpumps are exceptionally smart to gowith afternoon dresses, and in shoesfor street wear the gray suede upperswith gray kid or black patent-leathervamps are most desirable. Gray forgloves is also fashionable, especiallyto match the shoes or dress.Another color we see more and moreof is the dull old-gold. Suits, dresses,separate waists and skirts alike claimit as their own. Very popular, too, arethe mustard and citron shades. Whenused in combination with any othercolor, navy blue or black is usuallychosen to be the companion of gold.Both navy and black, but navy in particular, used with sand and beige makeexcellent combinations.Just now the black satin skirt witha white chiffon blouse worn over it isconsidered very chic. The blouse maybe trimmed with filet lace, embroideryor fine tucks. With white satin or silkjersey skirts these long slip-on blousesare also charming.Still the Straight One-Piece FrockThe appearance of the barrel skirthas in no way diverted attention fromK5fS,V'.ill' Cr.VJiauVrJJtVDresses of White and Gaily FiguredVoileThe flr3t sketch shows one of thelatest forms of the straight frock. Ithas three large tucks over the shouldera, stitched to yoke depth and continued in soft pleats below the waist.The lower part of the dress, the collarand cuffs are of figured material. Abelt extending around the sides andback, with two narrow straps fillingthe gap across the front, marks thenormal waistline.The other sketch shows a designalso suitable for two fabrics. Thewaist and kimono sleeves are of plainwhite voile, the yoke, cuffs and skirtof figured voile. In many of the frocksdeveloped in two materials in thisway, motifs from the figured materialare cut out and applied to collar andcuffs to make the trimming.MINES AT VERDUN.An expert with a taste for statistics has recently calcilated that it willbe profitable to conduct iron-miningoperations on the great European battlefields after the war. He estimatesthat sixty million shells have beenfired in the long struggle for Verdun.These shells, he says, represent threemillion tons of steel. A.dd to this thebarbed wire defenses, dismantled gunsand other wreckage of 'ar, and he believes that enough iron and steel havebeen scattered on the hundred sauaremiles of the field to nkke mining a Ipaying proposition when peace come37 ' 111U ' uvml v'mOvm Bro$. Department StoreI Seventh ana math $t$. ' Paris, KentuckyTobaccoAll Grades at LowestPrices.Twin Bros,Automobile Hearse or Ambulance!I desire to announce to our friends that I can, wheredesired, furnish an automobile hearse or ambulance. Thismethod of transpertation is especially desired on long trips,the same being made in better time, and at no advance incost over the horse-drawn conveyance.GEO. W. DAVIS, Funeral Director.A Bank AccountIs ihe GibraltarIf you are a man of family you must haver a bank account. A BA2TK 'ACCOUNT IS THE BTJIWAKK, THE GIBRALTAR, OF YOUR HOME,;!It protects you in time of need.It gives you a feeling of independence.It strengthens you. jlHIt Is a Consolation to Your WifejjIU AUU1 Vsl IllUlC;ilFarmers' & Traders' BankP. P. KISER, President jno. J. M.CL1NTOCK, CasmerWM. GRIMES. Bookkeeper. ,Sixth and Main Streets Paris, Ky IimfiWinterTourist TicketsRound-trip Winter Tourist Ticketson sale daily Oct 1, 1916, until April30, 1917, with final return limit May31, 1917, to all principal tourist pointsin Alabama, Florida, Georgia, Louisiana, Mississippi, New Mexico, NorthCarolina, South Carolina, Texas andHavana, Cuba, allowing liberal stopover privileges on both going and return trip. Also low round-trip Homeseekers Tickets on sale first and thirdTuesdays of each month to points inAlabama, Florida, Louisiana andMississippi, with final return limittwenty-one days from date of sale.For further Information, call on or ad-W. V. SHAW, Agent,or J. K. SMITH, T. A.KENTUCKY TRACTION& TERMINAL COMPANYIntorurban Schedule.CARS LEAVE jParis Lexingtonfor forLexington Paris6:45 a. m. 6:00 a. m.7:30 a. m. 7:20 a. m.8:15 a. m. 8:00 a. m.9:00 a. m . 8:50 a. m.9;45 a. m. 10:20 a. m.11:15 a.m. 11:50 a.. m.12:45 p. m. 1:20 p. m.2:15 p. in. 2:50 p. m.3:45 p. m. ' . 3:30 p. m.4:30 p. m. , 4:20 p. m.5:15 p. m. 5:00 p. m.6:05 p, m. 6:00 p. m.6:50 p. m. ' 7:20'p. m.8:1S p. m. 9:10 p. m.10:05 p. m. 11:00 p. m.CottonDep't Store ieof the Home! jYou Don't Have to'Stoop jjIf You Use aGarlandCabinetRangeA beautiful line of Garlands on dttplay. Come In and look them over.Paris Gas & Electric Co,(Incorporated)PILES! PILES! PILESWILLIAMS' INDIAN PILE OINTMENTWill cure Bliad, Bleeding and Itcfclsff film.It absorbs the tumors, allays Itching at om.acts as a poaklce, girea lnstaat relief.For sate toy all draggista, sail SOc aad MJa.OBERDORFER, The Druffls. 'Hi h HI VJhu J HBH rHHHHHP9HHBHHHHHIBBaBBHBNaHrBBrHBflVKBwaf r'vHHBjflBVHHJHJHHBjHHHHHHHHHHHHHHIBMiV V'Jr . -t ' ,'rVTUESDAY, MARCH 27, 1917.THE BOURBON NEWS, PARIS, KY. .-?-FAGESEVEtfHASN'T FELT SOGOOD IN 5 YEARSStrength Starts to Return as!Soon as Tanlao Gomes.CINCINNATI SPEEDWAY.President Harry S. Leyman, of theCincinnati Speedway, has received tin,welcome information that three of thrbest known race drivers of the worldwho are serving in the armies of"HOW THE MIGHTYONES HAVE FALLEN!"PETROGRAD. March 26. The-newprovisional government in a series oarrests, from the deposed Czar andCzarina down to petty former officials,Europe, have secured furloughs from )erial entouraS iTh.'.L. , , "Yii0!Crfim,,wi. i !J,erai e?urage. It has been decidedmat no narm shall come to the personsunder arrest. The Czar and CzarinaSTOMACH ACTS FINE!NO INDIGESTION, GAS,HEARTBURN, ACIDITY.their respective commands for the coming summer, and will be seen in the'Pape's Diapepsin" FixesUpset StomachsMinutes.inSick,FiveSour !various piize events in this country, ' will reside in their castle at Livadia,including the two Cincinnati races on uimea virtually as prisoners. Theywiu noi oe permitted to live abroad.The object of the arrest is to preventsedition and foreign intrigues.Jiotli the former ruler and his wifeSaturday, June 23, and Labor Day, re. spectively.The trio of stars ad tied to flip, list..... I .. .... ! --HUW Ht "JUST f-EELS FINE IMottto!',ren-iTfdiiauuu i stiubauuuai snowing in tne ia-1 troops at Tsarkee-Selo Palace, it was,bor Day race last year, and who is at j said.I present attached to the Belgian avia j Tue latest account of the Czarina"After five years of weakness and tion corps, and Jack Scales and En- was that sne was in at Tsarkoe-Selopoor health I have at last got mv!rico Cagno, both of whom are serving'. ,5e; The Czaf wTas rePrted tort7strength back with the help of Tan- in the Italian army. Christanes will lSS esteh&hmpn? KSTvLhlac," said A. D. Cline, a Pikeville 'drive one of the two English Sunbeam crXy. machinist. "I have gained nine cars which will be part of the equip abouts was vaguely mentioned,pounds already and I have been tak- ,ment of the recently organized Ameri The (provisional government ha33Dg Tanlac only a few weeks." lean Speedways Racing Team, while ' granted general amnesty to all polili-Mr. Clina believes in the old say-'the other Sunbeam will have Eddie cal Prisoners. Announcement to thisfog: "Every person who can lighten Rickenbacher at the wheel. Scales efrct vas1.n.iad1e Wednesday. Thoustfie burdens of another is useful to and Cagno will drive Fiat cars, and Ptical prisoners are thus rethe world." That's why he gives this even now are at work on details for! 'A manifesto has been issued by thestatement. ithpir rammr mnoliinpa whirli nrnmisps vur nnncinn n-rr,.,, ,,-- rr.x.,Continuing, he said: "I suffered to make them more formidable con- the constitution of Finland. The Fin-"s-itha bad stomach which finally ran tenders than ever in the big events. rish Diet has been summoned to meetinto bowel complaints. This niade me ' It is expected that quite a number These are regarded as the first stepjvery nervous and I felt mvself grow-' of speed kings will use the local track ,toard Finnish autonomySweater every dav. I didn't have for their pre.to.nary . after 'i tfS.Sany ambition. 1 dragged through the. close of winter. General Manager njzed the new government.day with a tired, worn out feeling. Harry Shockley and Superintendent E The Duke of Mecklenburg-Strelitz,"I couldn't sleep soundly cot un L. Shea are eivine: much attention to former German nobleman, who becomeputting the track in proper shape for a Russian subject just before the warracing, and promise to have everything begun, has been imprisoned. Amongin norfpnf nrdPr n snnn ns th4 weather ouier noiauies arrestee. Dy me poncesettles.no the mornings feeling tired, hadheadaches, my eyes burned and Icouldn't eat a mouthful of breakfast.1 took the strongest headachejKwders I could get, but all they didias depress me. My nerves weresimply ruined and my stomach gotibo the lightest diet hurt me. ITanlac was so highly recommended that I decided to try it. In a fewdays my appetite came back. I foundI could eat without feeling bad afterwards. In a few weeks I felt like adifferent man. After eight weeks Ihave gained nine pounds and neverfeJt better in my life."I think Tanlac is a great medicine. I hope any person who istroubled as 1 was will give it a trial."If you don't feel right get Tanlactoden. Delay in health matters isdangerous.STOP PAIN! RUB OUTNEURALGIA TORTURE.You don't want a slow remedy whenyour stomach is bad or an uncertainone or a harmful one your stomacris too valuable; you musn't injure itwith drastic drugs. xPape's Diapepsin is noted for itsspeed in giving relief; its harmlessness; its certain, unfailing action ir.regulating sick, sour, gassy stomachs.Its quick relief in indigstion, dyspepsia and gastritis, when caused by acidity, has made it famous the worldover.Keep this wonderful stomach sweetener in your home keep it handyget a large fifty-cent case "from anydrug store and then if anyone shouldeat something which doesn't agreewith them; if what they eat lays likelead, ferments and sours and form:gas; causes headache, dizziness andnausea; eructations of acid and undigested food remember as soon asPa.pe's Diapepsin comes in contactwith the stomach it helps to neutralizethe excessive acidity, then all thestomach distress caused by it disappears. Its .promtness, certainty andease in overcoming such stomach disorders is a revelation to those whotry. it. (adv)U. S. GOVERNMENT GETTINGREADY FOR "BUSINESS."Instant Relief! Rub Neuralgia PainFrom Your Face, Head or BodyWith "St. Jacob's Oil."You are to be pitied but rememberthat neuralgia torture and pain is theeasiest thing in the world to stopof the provisional government are General Baron Frederick, former Ministerof Court to former Czar Nicholas; Governor General Gondatti, of the Sibenan Province of Amur and Genera.Nestchenkoff, commander of the troopsin Amur province.During an address to a crowd of Socialists, workingmen and radicals, whoii nrn plnmnrinrr fni- tlio liVOQ rf flip.members of the old Ministry, Minister !Sencv fuud Provided by Congress toWASHINGTON, March 26. Preparation for aggressive action by thenavy against the German submarinemenace has begun at the direction ofPresident Wilson.The President authorized the expenditure of the $115,000,000 cmerof Justice Kerenski said:"Russian freedom is based on justice(speed up naval construction and payfor special additional war craft, andto all. Those Ministers in prison are the suspension of the eight-hour laborPlease don't continue to suffer; it's so entitled to justice and not vengeance. iaw jn plants engaged on navy workif Inotneedless. Get from your druggist tn No wrong snail be uone to uiemii f,;ni vfi -p "Qf TnnnWc on-'' can heln it. This Government isoman n.ni m. - -. ww , ,. ., t.1-1.1little in your hand and gentlj - - -- - - . Illft WllBor soi e spot. glan armv .g sai(1 tQ havc received the to bepour arub theItTanlac, the master medicinereconstructive tonic Is sold cxclusively in PARIS by Yarden & Son.Other exclusive agents in nearbytowns are as follows: tLERSBURG, W. G. Wadell; ELIZABETH, Oscar Smith; CARLISLETrueman & Son; GEORGETOW.., C.H. Arnold; WINCHESTER, Duty DrugCompany; AUSTERLITZ, B. S. Parrtsh. (adv.)"tender noi".and instantly yes, immediately allIpain, ache and soreness is gone.1 "St. Jacob's Oil" conquers painand 'is perfect harmless and doesn't burnor discolor the .skin. Nothing els".gives relief so quicrfly. It never failsto stop neuralgia, pain instantlywhether in the face, head or any partof the Lody. Don't suffer! (adv)Secretary Daniels ordered the NewYfcrk navy yard to begin building sixtysubmarine chasers of the 110-foot typecompleted in from sixty to,news of the Czar's abdication with eighty days.shouts of acclamation. Grand Duk With the President's approval, theNicholas is said to be on the western Secetary also ordered the graduationfont. !0f the first and second classes at theAn attem.pt lias been mane to assas- ( Aca(jemvThe first class will go out March 2!)THE MIGRATION OFSOUTHERN NEGROESsinate A. F. Kerenski, Minister in tne ,new provisional government,i The would-be assassin committedsuicide afterward. He is believed tohave been the tool of reactionaries inthe "army group."Reports indicate that up to the firstof last year, more than a quarter ot a(million Southern negroes had movedTWO MORE AMERICAN into Northern States. Never in theSHIPS SUBMARINED. -history of the country has the migra-tion been so heavy. The influx ofWASHINGTON, March 26. New ' these Southern negroes has alreadyfrom Dondon, England, shows that , b ht serious problems to Northerntwo more American steamers have , u.""5 : ',,-p.-nP1-linatlbecome victims of the Kaiser's "ruth- cities, including C jncmnaU.less" U-boat warfare. Reports show that recent arrivalsThe American steamer Maryland, o' number not less than 500 famines.Milwaukee, has been posted by Lloyd's' most of "them practically destitute.in London as missing, according to atrpjiese families number from three toConsular dispatch to the State Depart- j flfteen members each. A fair total ofraent- , ., , e -Di,tii j individuals, including children, wouldThe Maryland sailed from Philadel-,"""; 0 rnn nai.u,nti mnrP., . , j- t ,u o? ine lroni o.uu iu o.ouu, vi"3Uict LU UUUUUU U uvvvmuv. -.SIGNS OF GOOD DIGESTION.releasing 172 junior officers to fill existing vacancies, and the second inSeptember, furnishing 202 more, a fullyear before they otherwise would beavailable.When you see a cheerful and happyold lady you may know that she Harood digestion. If your digestion Is.impaired or if you do not relish youmeals take a dose of Chamberlain'sTablets. They strengthen the stomach, improve the digestion and causea gentle movement of the bowels. Obtainable everywhere.(adv-mar)DEAFNESS CANNOT BE CUREDGERMANY TRIES TOPLAY A SMOOTH GAME.WASHINGTON, March 26. Wordthat a European neutral might offerr,:miifitinii to nrevent onen warbeVsSs's?- .e svr. Kr W HMS.2niS :sBy local applications, as tihey cannoLreach the diseased portion of the ear.There is only one way to cure deafness, and that is by constitutionalremedies. Deafness is caused by aninflamed condition of the mucous lining of .the Eustachian Tube. Whenthis tube is inflamed you have arumbling sound or imperfect hearing,and when it is entirely closed, deafness is the result, dnd unless the inflammation can be taken out 'and thistube restored to its normal condition,hearing will be destroyed forever;nine cases out of ten are caused byCatarrah, which is nothing but an inflamed condition of Uie mucous sur-without education. Their knowledge las comebeen torpedoed, according to an Am .wiuiout euuwuwi. x.. . ,- - - -- eUrnrise or in any wav afstordam dispatch to the Central News oI hygiene and sanitation is danger-, causing susenegampIan forA boat containing seven ul meHoaldton's crew has reached IershelImg (North Sea), the dispatch adds.The sinking of the Healdton is confirmed by aHauge.ously limited. Irr.PPtinjr the situation forced by subInvestigators report that three rea- Jnarine joblessness,sons imnel Southern negroes to come , s h r)roDosal is regarded here asQg of uieiieaiQLon is con- i,irhP.r waces here, better firif1l;nfr mnrp than another schemeiveuui uioya.tv.il . i ..... - ,iofirm nnri an assur-iacmues iui uuuvkiw"and an assur-,h "-r-ri -,. ....tin;! ivorr. piiocf pr I oro nf irrpnter Drotection and per-Pa on January 26, for Rotterdam. sonal liberty. These are reasonswithlST.Tll gallons of refined petro !wnjch will appeal to the Northernloum, valued at $106,886. She wasimind But the sentiment will not corn-last rpnorted three aays later, iwmUes east of Delaware Breakwatermensate for or solve the serious prob-1" . - . . t t...1 Tniirro.IPiTiK -which tnese wnoieaaie xixib.fostered by Germany with the hope ofconfusing the issue and possibly dividing sentiment in this countrywhile the destruction of Americanlives and ships on the high seas continues. At the State Department then(Rn,'oia wmiiri Tipither denv nor conThe vessel was commanded ny uap- Tne matter of fir fhnf fhe Government already hadlain Christopher and carried a met Qnly approached on this subject, alssShS sotjkt5 ass r .lrrssrwrt was New lorK. empioyiueui, . . ,..r W9e vptv emnhatically stated- -. a -i.ah Af n ivii i ... .: j-- rtrnTn i ancryH .ir. 1 1 ituu -w-t .The Healdton was a uluk-ci ui. i,-v mittee, represeuuu6 ac"" Ww.0tons gross and was owned by the'SOCiai service organizations, has al-Standard Oil Company o New jerse. d , een crganized to examine thesituation. The matter of housing thesenow being discusseuot n TTjp.etine: recentlyr . -. - :r. fr5trlor O tllOllfrlltshowed that in numerous cases irum uovernuieuu io &i.& - w-0'ten to fifteen newcomers are sleePinSi..4- .nnTYIC uMthnnr. SHIIl- CTriloasciiiciiu iuu"!" ,, .w..vWe will Kive One Hundred Dollarstor any case of Deafness (caused bycatarrh) that cannot be cured byHall's Catarrh Cure. Send for circulars, free.F. J. CHENEY & CO.,Toledo, Ohio.Sold by Druggists, 75c.Take Hall's Family Pills for constipation, (adv-mar)AMERICAN GOVERNMENT TORECOGNIZE NEW REPUBLICI Service FirstThe City has added a new Fire Truckto its equipment to provide adequate andefficient protection to you.The County has built modern roads foryour convenience, safety and comfort andto provida an efficient means of travel andtransportation.The Home TelephoneCompany has added a new Truck toits equipment, which, with its other two,will provide an efficient means of caring forthe plant which furnishes modern telephone service.Have you a HOME PHONE? Join themodern procession. Call contract department now.Paris Home Telephone 8 Telegraph Go.(Incorporated)J. J. VEATCH, District Manager.W. H. CANNON, THOMAS K. iMITH,Equipment Manager. Cashier.Professional Cards.newcomers isReports readsome suchif -ornc: vervthat no suggestion of mediation or dis-1cussion would he consiciereu uniess v.was accompanied by abandonment ofillegal assaults puon American shinping a course to which there is no reafor vet uenevmg uie huijchuisonCOLDS ARE DANGEROUS.Bourbon BuildingLoan AssociationIRST NAT'L BANK BUILDINGI in twn, " " , i r. t.t:f intiiinc-. furniture or ioou. aui.ii , ,, nnac of tomnp.ra.ture anaiwcuu iwv...o, .. i auUUCll Viiiuiifa- "- - -IN REAREntrance onOF BANKFourth Streeti nn flit inns, it should be apparent to all, . i Snring colds with.Nvuu.-. . I uiiw. .. ,LLll. UI.WVHUU w.rtcan not be allowed to continue r'ctuffed up head, sore throat ana gen- r while Ambassadorommunity is eral col(1 symptoms, iv uobe ui ui the secrestaries wore aftDR. WM. KENNEYEye, Ear, Nose and Throat.ROOMS 403-404.FIRST NAT'L BANK BUILDING.PHONE 136.long if the health of the connto be preserved.YOU NEED A SPRING LAXATIVE.t'j-'c. XTow Disonverv is sure renei..This happy combination of antiseptici balsams clears the heaa, soouies uieUrtatPri mpmbranes and what mightrw Tnir'q New Life Pills will re- have been a lingering cold is broken"M ;,:i L.mi,iated wastes of win- up. Don't stop treatment wuen .xuuve mv, "--i.. .. ......i.,. , fl-et fpi as a half cureaterirom your " -- - "- -"In e dermis. Take Dr. King'sni rne uiuuu. uci .u.u. "-oo -- -- - --PETROGRAD, March 26. The United States is the first nation to recognize formally the new Government otRussia. Ambassador Francis made apreliminary morning call on Foreign Minister MiluKott lmmeuiatuiy upmi the receiDt of ' -tructions from theState Department at Washington.This afternoon, accompanied by hisstaff, including the naval and militaryattaches, he went to the Marinskypalace, where the council of Ministersas assembled, made the formal recognition and presented congratulations and felicitations on behalf of theUnited States. The naval and military attaches appeareu m mu um-lor UTancis auuafternoon dress.If you men want to make an investment that will make you from 23 to1 OO per cent profitCome In and Buy AnOvercoat For Next YearWe only have about 50 Overcoats,and the prices have been cut unmercifully. Sizes 34 to 44. Styles willbe good for next season. Saturdaywill be a good day to give them the'once over.Spring Suits, Shirts, Hats, etc., arriving daily. We give Blue TradingStamps.TWIN BROSClothing and Shoe Dept.L. Wollstein, PropBourbon LaundryDWIS & FUNK, Props.Telephone No. 4.West 5 StreettSgVjJ'MYHrt yiil tJ-gW" 'VSatisfactionWatchwordis Oarr&X22&-M.V..it! r.ri?!?A:jKy5?KLHMr3 rii i V3Wf .jFWith all the latest improvements in laundryappliances and experthelpers we are preparedto do work inferior tonone, and solicit yourpatronage.Bourbon Laundry,Paris Kentucky.WM. GRANNAISAttorneyat-LawROOMS 401-402.FIRST NAT'L BANK BUILDINGieeling out oE your system, u6vour eye, clear your complexion. GotVi - ,r?Tn nnrl snan of good purifiedr ii,wn Tir. Kinir's New Life! DRIEDFills are a non-griping laxative tnar.aids nature's process. Try them tonight. At all druggists, ou.(adv-mar)Discovery till your cold iscold 1!Newgone(adv-mar)HARBOR AT HALIFAX.CODFISHSINKA SCHOONER.Correct EnglishHOW TO USE IT.A MONTHLY MAGAZINE,Josephine Turck Baker, Editor.IT IS TRUEthat the unusual sale of a remedy ishe best evidence of its meritr-usjqTRADE MARRHEUMATISM POWDERSare guaranteed to give relief fromrheumatism. They are unusually largesellers. Sold only by as, 50c and ?1.00.OBERDOFBR, The Druggist,Pari Kentucky."Codfish Sank Big Schooner" wasthe title of a news item of recentdate, which, besides being most unusual, seems to -open up a new methodr,r Rinlrfnir wooden ships of the na-ThA nort of Halifax is growing rap-1,. of r flf. triflinE: cost con-idlv as a result of the fact that Brit- , m resent $5,000 to ?10.-ain has made it an important point ou QQQ torpedoes used by submarines andthe official warship routes, une ol tne destroyBrs.greatest projects for harbor improve- The schooner Ponhook, under a capment ever undertaken has now been toJn aQd crew of seven men, left St.begun at Halifax. The new construe-1 Jom N Bf for the ores with a cartion is to include eventually a passen-1 oad 'Qf dried codflsh, explains the Popger landing with a quay to take the ular science Monthly. Soon afterlargest vessel built, a complete system Lvard siie ran into a heavy sea andof railroad yards tor ireignt uaua 'dipped consideraoie water, xut: ushipment, six piers eachv 1,200 feet absorbed this like a spongp,long and 350 feet wide, separated byjand it was but a couple of days beas many basins 300 feet wide and for- fore the expansive pressure of thetyxfive feet deep. The total dockage , swened codfish had forced open thefacilities of the new harbor works searas Qf the vessel's planking so that-will be able to take care of twenty ( -water began to seep in, little oyseven of the largest freight and pas Jnttle, until the ship was beyond savsenger ships at one time. , jng and had to be abandoned.For Progressive Men and "Women,Business and Professional; Club Women, Teachers, Students, Ministers,Doctors,. Lawyers, Stenographers, andtor all who wish to Speak and WriteCorrect English Special FeatureMonth; Your Every-Day Vocabulary;How to Enlarge it. Sample Copy 10c.Subscription Price ?2 a Year.EVANSTON, ILLINOIS.t"l i 4 "'M"I Hi.l'I"I'4"I"I"I"I"I"I-W"I"I"I"I"I"I"I"I"t'H"I''I"l"I"I"I"l.illll..r.I Sole AgencyI STACY -AD AMS9kSHOESSUFFERING AND SURGERYcan be avoided by usingrto & OSPSS'rRAD2 MARK.PILE REMEDY.Relieve yourself of this ailment athome. Easy to use and thoroughlydependable. Sold only by us 50c ani?1-00- " ' ..:'OBERDORBER, The Druggist,. r Paris, Ky.4X4.$7-00 and $7-50Take Advantage of These Pricesand Save Money.HARRY LINVILLE jHHHHnlfHMHmHIHfHfHIIIMMMf;vJi4-t' PAGE EIGHT. iTHE BOURBON NEWS, PARIS, KY.TUESDAY, MARCH 17, If IT.!MILLERSBURGDEATHS.MATRIMONIAL.RELIGIOUS.4rMmWl4lfl-HfHIHI MHnHIIHMMHtl-"J'hvM:i11i!KM'f ib(Mesdanies F. E. Peterson. and It. Bonar were in Cincinnati, Monday.The Circle of the Christian church&et Saturday afternoon with Mrs. A(&' "Miller.Master Billie Butler entertainedaite a number of his little friendSaturday afternoon w ith a little partyMrs. Richard Butler and little son,Sichard, Jr., have returned to theirkome at Paris, after a short visit toMr. Andrew Butler and family.The protracted meeting which has"een in progress at the Presbyterianhurch for the past week continues togrow in interest and large audiencesio-e hearing Rev. Wilson each servicoThe meeting will continue through thi;week. Services every afternoon andATeninsat 2:30 and 7 o'clock.The last number of the Lyceum4Nrsc given under the auspices of the1L W. C. A. of the M. C, was heMOCriday night at the M. C. auditoriumJoWithstanding the inclement weath--ra very good audience was in attendance and a delightful programVfcs rendered oy uie unapei ouuertBROWN THOMAS.ir-BROUGHTON. lne castors' Aid Society of the-Edward Emmett Broughton, infant .n ""' "' "' T' """" ."- rresoyienan cnurcn wm nave an an-snn of Mr. and Mrs. Emmett Broueh- ?? son of Mr. Leander Thomas, and day sewing at the manse on Duncanton, was buried in the Paris Cemetery fIISS Brown aged twenty, daugh- avenue to-day.l JL 1U1. 1U. UIUUU, 1SUU1 UL LI11SSaturday afternoon.HARRIS.county, were married in Cynthiana, by-In the casket borne by the loving Cunty Judge R- M. Collier, in the Harhands of sorrowing school mates tho(rison court house- last week-body of Miss Dorothy Harris, daughter of Mrs. Ernest Harris, of this citywho died at the Massie MemorialFOSTER VALLANDINGH AM.Sunday was missionary day at theMethodist church and the offering,which was $14.00, was sent to aid themissionary work in Texas among theMexicans.The regular meeting services willDr. and Mrs. W. E. Fnstfr m IHospital. Monday after an operation Qwenton, have announced the engage- 'be held at the Methodist church Wedfor appendicitis, was consigned to its ment o their daughter Miss Mabel nesday evenin& at 7:30. The Teachlast resting place in the North Mid- Foster. to M. n Gib ' n Valln7idi.r. ers' Training Class will meet at 7dletown Cemetery, Friday afternoonat three o'clock.The services were conducted at thegrave by Rev. W. E. Ellis, pastor ofthe Paris Christian Church. Theflail-bearers were Russell Frank,Omar Denton, Albert Stewart, AlexT. Rice, Jr., Raymond Connell andRobert Lavin. !GIOVANNOLI. IThe sympathy of the members -otthe press go out to Mr. Harry Giovan- jnoli, managing editor of the Lexingto;:Leader, in the loss of his eight-year-allandingham, of Owenton. The wedding willtake place in the summer.The .prospective bride is a sister olDr. H. E. Foster, of Paris, and isl!o'clock, preceding the prayer services.The sum of $2,000 was raised lastweek in the North Middletown vicinity by H. J. Derthick and D. C. Mc-ciiuiimiis-youiis woman oi urosc aurac- Galium, representing the "Men andtive personality. She has been a vis-1 Millions" movement of the Christianitor in Paris as guest of Dr. and Mrs. i church.Foster. Mr. Vallandingham is a prominent young business man of Owenton, and related to Mrs. J. C. McLear,formerly of Paris.HAYDEN HORTON.VULCAN ;Hade by The VulcanBESTPLOWSEvaasviUe,Wm . JrlOW 10., EvaasviUe, M.The violinist was especially good, I old daughter, Katherine Harris Giovan- The marrige of Miss Maryna was also the pianist. Every num- noli, wholKr was good, and they were very libm&I with their encores. We hope theA W. C. A. has made some moneyliis year with the course, as this isivr a worthy cause.B-4 f-'IREInsure withW.O.HINTON &SON,Agtsdied inDanville, Friday Hayden, daughter of Mr. and Mrs. Josnight W. Hayden, and Mr. Robin AdairThe little girl was taken ill some Horton, son of Mr. and Mrs. Lawrenceweeks ago with scarlet fever, but hart Honton, of near Paris, will be solemnrecovered, it was thought. She was at ,ized to-morrow afternoon at the homethe home of her uncle and aunt, Mr. 0f the officiating minister, Rev. W. E.and Mrs. James H. Letcher, in Dan-1 Ellis, pastor of tbe Paris Christianville, when she was taken ill with an' church.The program committee of theCity Union of Young Peoples' Societies will meet to-morrow (Wednesday)afternoon, at 4:30 o'clock, to arrangefor Sunrise services for Easter Sunday. All members of the committeeCraig, are requested to be present.JrVCENDIARISM SUSPECTEDIN BURNMNG OF BARN.attack of laryngitis, and the ensuing!complications resulted in her death.Her mother died about three years ago.Mr. Giovanolli was summoned atonce from his home at Lexington, aswere the little girl's two brothers, whoThe ptock barn, together with six were attending the M. ftl. l. at liners"jad of horses and mules of Lewis burg.3teunsey, residing six miles from Lex The funeral was held at three o'clockjagton on the Frankfort pike, were Sunday afternoon, at Uie home ol iur.ciestroyed by fire shortly after mid- and Mrs. Letcher, m Danville, with serjtjght Saturday. j vices conducted by Rev. Dr. E. MThe fire was discovered by neigh- j Green, of the First Presbyterianlors passing along the road. They church of Danville. The burial follow-st-mnseilMr. Ramsev and aided in ef-ed in the Danville Cemetery.After the ceremony, which will beperformed in the presence of only theimmediate members of the families oHMiss Hayden and Mr. Horton, and afew intimate friends, the young people will leave i?or a trip to Southerncities, and will be gone about twoweek. On their return they will go tohousekeeping in a cottage on Hignstreet, where they will be "at home" tctheir friends.Miss Hayden, who has been for sevnr.nl vpnrs in tho nflirrn nT ATr A PThompspn as stenographer, and later 'fllcrt talk'assistant cashier and stenographer kiThe monthly business and socialgathering of the Daughters of WesleyBible Class will be held at the Methodist church, Thursday afternoon, a.2:30 o'clock. Mrs. S. T. Chijpley willbe the hostess for the afternoon. Allthe members of the class are invitedto be presentA very interesting programwas ; 4.:the offices of Mr. Roy F. Clendenin, ioiorts to rescue the stock from the burn- kELLci3ng building. The origin of the fire is j The funeral ot Miss iMien t ran- 0ne of the most charming young girls-iinknown, as the flames covered the,ces Kelley, aged v enty-eight, who,jn the city, endowed with a charm oftintire building when first seen audi died at the home of her mother, Mrs manner and .pleasing personality thattheir oiigin could not be determined, 'l Maggie Kelley, on North High street, iias made her a host of friends. Mr.Farm implements and a quantity of ! at six o'clock Satu-day evening, was Horton is a valued member of the op-;rtiin and feed stuff were also burned .held at the Catholic church yesterday erating force in the office of the Masmn me siock.rendered at the Epworth League meet j jirf Rnnilnv liifrlif- when fVia cnh4anf ' T"The Saloon, a Foe to Society," waspresented, with Mr. H. A. Power asleader. Mr. Power, in the opening talkdiscussed the prohibition cause atlength. Every number on the programI was given by the men of the League,j who were asked a question by theHeader, the same being answered in aThe following is a gist ofthe program:Why Don't You Drink?Well Finished, Strong Durable, Light Draft.Rib Strengthened Mold, Full Chilled Shinpiece, InterlockedPoint, Land and Standard. Point has Face Chill, Wide EdgeChill, Long Snoot Chill, Patented Extension and is theSTRONGEST and MOST DURABLE Chilled Point made.When buying a Plow, consider Quality First, Price SecondFOR SALE BYS. Ball GarageCor. Fourth and Pleasant St..Agents Buick AutomobilesGoodyear Tires.1II4.4.IIimornms at nine o'clock', beroces ter of Trains of the Louisville & Nash. were conducted oy itev. vainer n-jvnie, in this city, a position which her. ...:a --A i;rxt.f;r.cr : 'gene DeBruyn. The burial followed, has filled with credit and efficiencyHit, vrinu anu ii5ih.im.iS m jin the Paris CatlloIic CemeterySrtiranCC. , The pall-bearers wereBusiness Man Mr. F. W. Galjoway. iProfessional Man Dr. J. A. Orr. IRailroad Man Mr. F. E. Faulkner.Christian Man Mr. Edgar Tingle. ,Father Mr. S. T. Chipley. ,oung Man Mr. Y. II. Harrison.Epworth ian Mr. Dennis V. Snapp.Young Men Do You Want to Drink ji Mr. Wm. Mclntyre.BEAUTIFUL STRAWS.He is one of the most popular youmr ,.Tnlin filPlin I e t-: 1 n... r t.. r:..j. uv jmi. uv-iwv.u .. . v- - ' iimxi ui xuiia, uiiu ui tiii ui. liiu 1u.11 ,Thomas, Woodford & Bryan. -Tames Higgins, Geoige Doyle, Jas. W. jbride-to-he. jMcCarthy, D. J. Mahcney, Jr., and Jno. THE NEWS extends congratulations ! The most beautiful line of straws inMcGinley. !in advance to tliese latest victims of every shade and pattern now on disMiss Kelley had for ten years been Cupid's darts, and hopes that when play. Just the thing to put on wear1 line emcieni oooKKeeper aim casinei m they are married, it may be like the nowthe office of tne uouruon toteam i,aun- story-books say, "they lived happily held .until A.nril 6Our Vulcanizing Departmentis equipped with steam vulcanizer and run by an expert.SteamHeatedGarageOPEN DAY AND NIGHT1IltiDeliciousJuicy Meats!VEALPORKCHOPSSTEAKSThe Best Roast Beefand Breakfast Bacon inthe World.it.WILMOTHGrocery Co.Phone 376'dry on Fifth street. In this capacity'she was faithful and campetent, herj employes speaking in the highestterms of her fidelity to duty and uniform courtesy and attention to customers. Miss Kelley had been in declining health for nearlv a year, but hadbeen confined to her home a comparatively short time. Eesides her mothershe is survived by one sister, Missever afterward.(23-3t)Our regular opening will not be ' -t'Hl'f,t-f1'1"'1 T1 ''m- I1 T1 T' M- Tit T T T T-T"r I i IIIlMH'IirtTmi 1 ititil Anril R Onmo in to.rloi- I M,nu iMRS. CORNE W. BAIRD.DISTRICT CONVENTION OFK. OF P. AT CYNTHIANA.The eighteenth district conventionof the Knights of Pythias of this section of the State was held at the Cas-aiu Bu.,4 .,... ., " tle Hall of Quinby Lodge No. 58, atMary T. Kelley, and an uncle, Mr. Ed n... nn u'r !., ,.wi,ward Kellev. Her lather, Mr. James, . . , ' , T , ,, b. ., , "111 t u M'Distnct Deputy J. V. Scott, of Phoe-Kelley, .preceded her to the grave. . T- , A - .,.'' nix Lodge .o. 2o presiding.many ears ago. n.nrnnn nA The Eighteenth District is compose-.'Miss Kelley was u young woman ot . ?,, . , , 'i- 1 ,o :f ,i cr ,of the following lodges: Rathbonemany accomplishments, quiet and atii-, Ph,ln, xx. is ndious, and one who numbered her I . ' . m v '' , , ., , , rj,, ,,, Lexington; Phoenix vNo. 2o, of Lex-her friends by the score. She was . o- -1- -ndevoted to her home, her kindred and "L""' . "u" ,v. , a""si.- f.:..i, u,r ,i,o, i,Q,. ,inm;ca e irauncc io. -jo, 01 vwiicnesier JLex-lL .iWw, j -.Get YourEaster DinnerFromMflRGOLEN'SSanitary Market.Lamb, Veal,Young Pig Roastand Fancy BefA Full Line ofFruits andVegetablessincerely mournedHOWE.The funeral of Mrs. Ehira Thurston Howe, aged eighty-five, a formerresident of Paris, who died Wednesday in Danville, took place Friday afternoon at the homo of Mr. j. HalWoodford, on Winchester street, attwo o'clock, with services conductedby Rev. George H. Harris, rector ofSt. Peter's Episcopal church, in thiscity. The burial followed on theThurston lot in the Paris Cemetery.Fifty years ago Mrs. Howe, thenMrs. Thurston, resided in Paris in theter Xv. 54, of Frankfort; Quinby No.58, of Cynthiana; Berry No. 10S, ofBerry; Lilly No. 167, of Carlisle; Renaker No. 1S3, of Renaker; Blue GrassNo. 169, of Georgetown; PythianHome No. 217, -of Lexington.The following members from Rathbone Lodge No. 12, of Paris, attendedthe meeting as delegates from theLodge: D. Y. L. Farley, Edgar Tingle.W. E. Honey, O. B. Mann, W. C. Gentry, P. M. Heller, Ira Bowen and Chas.Wesley Fothergill. All the lodgesmade a good report and expressedgreat enthusiasm and a healthy growthold Thurston House, the site of which of the order.is now occupied by the Harry Simon At the close of the sessions KnighsDepartment Stoe. The Thursto:: E. Brewsaugh, of Quinby Lodge No. 58,House, in its day, was a famous stop of Cynthiana, was elected District Depping place for Southern people using' uty for the Eighteenth District. Afterthe old National pike, of which the adjiournment at ten o'clock, the Cyn.present Maysville & Lexington pikelthiana lodge convened and conferredwas a part. She was a first cousin of . the rank of Page on two candidatesThe Final Clean Up!The Balance of Winter Shoes Must BeSold at Once to MakeRoom ForSpring GoodsDaily Arriving!Stsfl Greater is the Reduction of Prices!Do as thousands of others are doing-. Buy now forfuture as well as present needs. Not for a long timewill you be able to buy high grade shoes at prices solow.lit Afc 'sib IL Jtl'hrft-tfterLadies' Dawn Grey Kid, Also Mahogany Tan, Most Fashionable Boots at AlmostONE-HALF THE PRICE YOU PAY ELSEWHEREMrs. Mary Halleck Woodford, whodied at the home of her son, Mr. J. HalWoodford, in this city, a few days age,and also of tjie late Mrs. Rachel Halleek Ewalt. She was also a relative ofMiss Puss Rogers and her sister, MrsEdna Rogers Bullock, who now residesin Columbus, Ohio.For several years past Mrs. Howehas resided in London, England, withher two sons. She came back toAmerica a fe wmonths ago, and whilevisiting at the home of Mrs. Hawkins.In Danville, was stricken with pneumonia, with a fatal result.Those from Paris who attended report a good time, especially at the"get-together" meeting, when all themembers had a social time.NEW GAME WARDEN.CALL UPMGOLEN'Sfirst Class Meat MarketTO ADMINISTER ESTATE.Mrs. Florence Becraft Jefferson hasbeen appointed by the County Courtas administratrix of the estate of herfather, Mr. Wm. Becraft, who died athis home on the Jacksonville pike,near Paris, some days ago. Mrs. Jefferson qualified in the sum of $8,000.with the United States Fidelity &Guaranty Company as surety.Mr. S. R. Burris was appointed bythe Court as administrator of the estate of Mr. Lot Banta, who died at hishome recently near Little Rock, thiscounty. Mr. Burris qualified by furinishing bond inthesum of $5,000, withMr. R, H. Burris as surety. Clifton,Gillispie, I. T. Crouch and P. C. Wardwere appointed as appraisers of theestate. " -. -'- Mr. Douglas Thomas will assume hisduties as Game Warden April 1. Everyviolation of the game and fish lawswill bejirosecuted to the fullest externof the law. We call special attentionto the following facts:All hunting license expired Decernber 31st, 1916, and new license required for this year; duck season (under State law) closes March 31; squirrel season opens June 15; gigging orspearing fish constitutes a volation ofthe law; taking fish in small streamswith minnow net constitutes a violation of the law; taking fish in any wayexcept with hook and line constitutesa violation of the law.Copy of the game laws can be secured at the office of J. D. McClintock.Ladies7 Dull Kid High Cut Boots$4.50 valuesLadies' Dark RussiaaCalf Boots6.00 valuesLadies Patent Kid Cloth Top Boots$5.00 valuesLadies' Patent and Gun Metal Shoes$3.50 valuesLadies' Gun Metal, button, 2. 50 val.Ladies' Felt Boudoirs, SI. 00 valuesLadies's Felt Juliets, fur trimmed$1.50 values . -$2.993.692.491.991.69.49.79Men's Russia and Plat. Calf English WalkOver Samples, $6.00 values $4,00Men's Russia and Platinum Calf Walk-Overand Beacon, $4.50 values S3.49Men's Gun Metal English Medium Toe Welts,$4.00 values $2.99Men's Gun Metal Button and Lace$3.00 values -f .99Men's Tan and Black Romeos$1.50 values 99Men's Black Felt Slippers75-eent values .49THINGS TO WORRY ABOUT.A letter addressed to "Mrs. ThomasA. Higgins, Paris, Kj," was placed inthe advertised letter list Mrs. Higgins has been a life-long resident ofParis, and known to almost everybodyhere. -Special Ladies' Slippers, Broken Sizes, $3 and $4 Values, at $1.49Boys', Misses and Children's Shoes at Great Bargain Prices.FROM THEMacDonald-Kiley Bankrupt SaleMen's High Grade M. & K. $1 O.OO and $12.00 ShoesVarsity Shoes AA to DON SALE MERE AT ONE-HALF PRICEDAN C0HENParis' Greatest Shoe Store.335 Main Street, Paris, Ky.t'