.vV.,-THE BOURBON" NEWS'-:PUBLISHED EVERY TUESDAY AND FRIDAY IN THE YEAR.VOLUME XXXVIIPARIS, BOURBON COUNTY, KENTUCKY, TUESDAY, NOVEMBER 23. 1917'20TJKB0N GROWERS READ.PARIS, KY., Nov. 19, 1917.TO THE TOBACCO GROWERS: .We will hold our opening sale onTuesday, Dec. 4, 1917, at 9 a. m. je uigc wt juu uc yicacut ctiiupost yourself on prices. We confidently expect to see the highestprices ever heard of to be realizedfor this crop. We have consistentlynr ..rvj-t 4-Vioi- rMi V- j- n 4- n 3predicted high prices since the clos- Jing f last year's market and haveat all times urged the farmers tohold their tobacco and get the benefit themselves. Many have thoughtwe were merely talking in the interest of the warehouse businessand in order to show our faith byour works we have departed fromour usual custom and made apurchase of tobacco at prices ranging from 24 to 35 cents per pound.As a further justification of ourprediction, we ask a careful readingof the market reports below, takenfrom Southern Tobacco Journal ofNovember 10, 1917:OFFICE OF SOUTHERN TOBACCOJOURNAL,Winston-Salem, N. C. Nov. 6, 1917.The local market sold about onemillion seven hundred thousandpounds last week, at an average ofaround 35 cents. More common andmedium stuff is showing up on thebreaks, but the average prices increased 'instead of decreased. Thetotal sales up to the first of thismonth amounted to 15,125,547 lbs.,which averaged 32.07. October salesamounted to 9,095,734, which averaged 34.15. The market has soldup to date about 16,000,000 pounds.Up to the end of October, 1916,the market had sold only 8,758,699pounds, the average being onlyS17.04 a hundred pounds, just alittle more than half of the averageat the present time. Total sales toChristmas of last year were lessthan 50,000 pounds more than ha3"been sold to date this year.CONSTANT RISE AT DANVILLE.Danville, Va., Nov. 2, 1917.The farmers continue to bringtheir tobacco to market as rapidlyas the weather permits them to4-;r nnd flio eoloo linVP TPPTl TjTPrfenough to occupy the buyers the.ker, 1917 .over the same period ofmajor portion of each day.The Quality of the offerings forthe week appears to be not of such"hitr'h cstnnrJard as usual. but theprice, neverthless, shows, an in-ici eased average over the formerweek. Every week since the seasonopened in August shows a markedincrease in the average price overthe previous week's average.The sales for the month of October were 9,358,269 pounds, at anaverage of $32.60, an increase of$6.59 over the average of the twoprevious months. The 15,566,756pounds sold to November 1 has averaged $32.60. The 1916 crop forthe corresponding period averaged$16.65, and for the 1915 crop,?8.78.DIBERELL BROS., Inc.ROCKYMOUNT'S FINE SHOWING. Rock Mount, N. C, Nov. 2, 1917.rather Tight this week, amounting sun-dried tobaccos, there being lessIf about 900 000 pounds, at an av- than 5,000 pounds of primings offYLt0"l ' iJUncrin Hi total ered. On Friday the offerings were,bfr Kftfton nt anlor Ljie eauii iu ...,. v,,v,average of $28.44., ishown some improvement there be-! week will probably curtail the offerf2n JnJannrtfnn nf the bet- Ings somewhat this week, but theThe offerings asa wnoie navegieaiw piuruu - ::",ter grades ot leat ana cutteib, dim.. m.ac nf iP5f and mitters. and. - ,,.- .ortT-iTif tness oi ln "7"thr hand wrap-lpeStave been scarce" in the oto-1pers nae oeen biim!s a Aiir,r thP1i C G fh frSarkPt closed Fridayweek and the market closed naa,, ,, p-dpc Jstorng and active on all grades. ,Following is ag is a comparative report jof sales on the KocKy .uount iuuwim...market: .,.,,- .iror,i r fntar 1 Q1 7 6.158.-zoTZ- average 531.26.',:r'.. nnTnh0r 1916 3.737.-is lhs -average $20.59.Gata tWs son-2f421.686 lbs.;ixam un u"aSS for season to date 1917-15 3-9 101 lbsT erase $28.46.Saies for season to date 1916 -10 491 13S lbs.i average $19.22.Viin this season-4,837,693 lbs.;average $y.zJ.E. W. SMITH, Sec,Rock Mount Tobacco BoardTradeofiowMs a summary of sal ot,leaf tobaccome on tnerBoston niarKet ior total 'her 1916 the Richmond, Va., mar-Yo 12-03' Sae$P3e2r3ldsales to date ana c"" season: this season the average is $32.31,ures for same period laf 961 J "" J e r hundred of $20.28.Sold in October. 1917 5.851. a nrn that nQne156 lbs.; S32.zi Cl, -.935.56 amount.OUUI" -- A TOC 157. lV? 78i.969.81iua., v -"-'Gain fhte year-1.163,024 Ibw?i;i37,976.25?15.9T. average;amount- h rr 6C17Q11lbs!; ?29 7 5 aTerage; $2,861,088.51Total to date, i'TV'o ciaToTaV to date, 1918-f.0J."980,936.10lbs.; $16.08 average,amount.nu.nt . ,-o vpar -3.518,783Gain--ior " - n1K24llbs.; $13.87 average, .-'"amount. .,, w(iro theSalesi"1 .- mt , x..a TYinr- 1Tio nast muum "-heaviest in the n " "tion of theTcp.t. with the single exceptionthe history ui.r;T-,TnoAthof October, 1913. -r.- ,r ,.! m and it tne yiwriuUy halt sold and If tne Prate is kept up, win e " t O"iwo" Verv truly yours,ninety per cent ?W by the nol ery t WARE-he year. Since tne P "L up -roUSE COMPANY. .,Y. M. C. A. ARMY WAR WORKDRIVE SUCCESSFULWith a full and complete reportturned in by all the "working: teamsengaged in the Y. M. C. A. armycampaign, Bourbon county has"gone over the top" and exceededthe allotment of $7,500.The team captains were busy lastmgnt at tne x. m. u A. building inTO hllloi nr t- yt-i .- r i -i 5 V ytabulating the returns, and the pre-diction was confidently made that Mr. R. H. Herrington, 'of Paris, tion of the L. & N. in Paris in NoBourbon county would show $9,000 purchased through the Parfs Realty vember, 1916. Briggs was injuredor more when the official result was Company 219 acres of land located when a switch engine bumped intoreported. three miles east of Bloomfield, in the car. He claimed negligence onAll the members of the teams Nelson county, for $22,000. Mr. the part of the engineer and trainworKea long ana nara to make thecampaign a success.151 fe E3lI'pro-THANKSGIVING DANCEMr. Ireland "Bit" Davis ismotor of a big Thanksgiving Dance,which will be given in the MasonicTemple, in Paris, on Wednesday ,evening, November 28. The hourj ,will be from' nine to three. Sub-1scription, $1.00. Music for the -occasionwill be furnished by Gar-rett's Saxophone Orchestra. This'ing of 120 acres, located on thewill be the first dance given in i Walnut Hill pike, eight miles fromParis since the summer season, andthe only one until Christmas.i IMt """T Iat any time hitherto this season.Heavy sales are expected for thecoming month.JOHN D. EVANS,i Secretary South Boston TobaccoBoard of Trade.ROXBORO'S .SPLENDID RECORD.Roxboro, N. C, Nov. 3, 1917.The report of the supervisor ofsales of the Roxboro tobacco market,shows that during the month of October, 1917, the market sold 1,933,342 pounds for $665,365.25, making an average of $34.40.During the months of Septemberand October, 1917, the market sold3,251,001 pounds for $1,021,700.98,averaging $31.43.During the months of Septemberand October, 1916, the market sold2,408,518 pounds for $458,307.36,making an average of $19.03, showing a gain for September and Octo1916 of 842,483 pounds, $573,393.-62, and gain in average $12.40.The sales are showing good color,and prices are good. About twothirds of crop is sold in this section.W. T. PASS, Secy.RISING AT RICHMOND.There seems to be no end to theleaf-tobacco boom. . On all the Virginia and" North Carolina marketsthe prices are still rising, and suchaverages as were made in the monthof October were never before heardof, and yet the sales for the firsttwo days of November show continued Increases on all grades offered,says the Richmond Times-Dispatch.The deliveries in Richmond lastweek amounted to 750,000 pounds,and the average paid for the weekwas about $34.50. A break atShockoe Warehouse on Friday of125,000 pounds made a round average of $35 per 100. The breakswere made up almost entirely orunusallv large, and sales lasted un-.ii- tv,o nftPrnnnn.rni, nnni oiMall fTint rnmA rilnner last-luc i'" -" r ., &w0i,n,pn inn for larze deliv-,...- -"pries, neverthlessThe total sales for the month ofOctober were 803 8x0 pounds, whichmade the remarkable average ofS22.31. Sales for the-same monthof last year were 264,450 pounds,n TnronBA thi. vearaverage $iz.U6. increase J'caini.,. nf locf VMr S39.3G0.uvei uuiuu 'i on 9rTo sum up the reports above wefind Jhat the Winston-Salem mar-ken during October, 19lb, soia f-1758.699 lbs. of tobacco for an av-erage of $17.04. October sales thisn same. market were 9,095,-Ufl lbs. for an average of S84.16.or little more than twice last sea-'son's J-rge.e una uanviue, vu,during 1916 averaged $12 65 The!ioi7 mnrkfit. has averaged to date,I $32.60, a gain over last season of. si 5.95 jrer hundred.Wp find further that the Soutxi! Boston, Va., market during October,was S2.;i,a; rr that during ' Octo-' Ypsp markets last season came"to the average of $18.43 madeW tws use-on the Paris marKe.Lihv U115 House uu i.m ,....-And finally if Winston-Salem last. ,rvrart S17.04 and thisseasonI year $34.15 ; if Danville Va last,. $16.65 and this year ?32.bU,if South Boston last year averag;ed $16.30 ana rms jeai V .;ii Richmond. Va., last yearaveraged $12.03, and I this year2 u have we who had an aveiage last season of $18.43 not aright to expect our predictions ofhigher prices to come true?niS;:rJL ,i this informationhoping you will profit thereby andthat you will market your cropwith us at the proper time.wl umh.r we are se,"-J T;;t . 2 commi,tne hSltoaTDe &aui5 " -"- " .::,REAL ESTATE DEALS.Mr. Richard Doahe sold to Boardman Bros., the Oldson farm nearNorth Middletmtm. nnTrfafTifno- innacre's, for about Sinn ner nAnother farm in the same neighbor-hood changed ownership when Mr.David Pence sold his farm on thePrescott pike, near North Middle-town, to a Mongtoxnery county pur-"1 J -i -chaser,, for $125 per acre.Herrington bought the farm .as aninvestment. (Mr. and Mrs. N. A. Moore yester-day sold their 'handsome br,ick cot-tage on Pleasant street, toJ Mrs.Mollie Rice, of North Middletown,for $8,000.Mrs. ilice will moveto the home on January 1. TheMoore home is one of the most de-sirable pieces of residence propertyin Paris. Mrs. Rice has disposed ofher property in North Middletown. j Court a total of twenty-six indictA nicely improved farm consist- ments for various infractions of theLexington, was purchased Saturdayby Mr. N. P. Rice, of Bourbon coun-1ty, from the Chrestnut Bros., ofLexington. The price paid was notmade public. Mr. Rice wilt- take 'possession of his purchase on March1st.isa E3 INSMALL POX DEVELOPED.A case of small pox, the vctimbeing a daughter of Mr. and Mrs.Charles Fisher, residing on the Hillpike, 'near Jacksonville, has" beenreported to the Bourbon countyhealth authorities. Mr. Fisher resides in the extreme western protion of the county. The daughter,who resides in an adjoining county,came on a visit to her father's family, and was taken ill a few daysago.The health authorities immediately had the home quarantined,all the members of the family vaccinated and all proper precautionstaken to prevent a spread of thedisease.lsn En fcaALL HANDS BUSY.Work hands in Paris and Bourbon county were never to busy asnow, and it is almost impossible tofind an ideal man. The farmers are !using all the men they can get andciying for more, while there is workfor all in the cityprevail, and there is no excuse 'fur'hard times cry.Es Pa esBOYS' OVERCOATS AND SUITSOur line, made ofSampeck, larecognized as the highest grade' ofboys clothing in style, in fit and Inworkmanship $7.50 to $12.50.J. VV. DAVIS & CO.WE KNOW HOWDUXiHUNTING2 Are you ready to go after the birds? Prepare3 yourself with a suit of Dux Bak Clothes. Briar Jproof, water proof and warm the only kind that the m.3 briars won't snag up, and that the water wont soak JS through. Everything, necessary for the hunter you 1J will find at our store.. Jf: :i- Dux Bak Waterproof Coatst Dux Bak Waterproof Pants8 Dux Bak Waterproof jShell VestsDux Bak Waterproof LegginsDux Bak Hats anil CapsWitch Elk Waterproof Hunting ShoesFlannel Shirtsand Heavy Coat SweatersGet ready, men!GUN -Shoot the BIRDS!Mitchell & BlakemoreStetson Hats Manhattan Shirts Nettleton ShoesDr. Reed's Cushion Sole ShoesBOURBON CIRCUIT COURT.Upon reconvening Friday morn-in& the Court took up the case ofP. L. Brfsres nainst the T.nnicviii.& Nashville Railroad Hnmnanv. inwhich Briggs sought4 to recover$25,000 for damages alleged 'tohave been sustained while in thedefendant company's employ inParis, while helping to unload af T i i i tfreight car at the Third street sta-crewThe case for the plaintiff was pre-sented by Attorneys R. C. Talbott,Robt. B. Franklin and Wade H.Whitley, while Attorney Emmett M.Dickson represented the L. & N.The jury came in yesterday with averdict of $10,000 for Briggs,The grand jury, which had beenin session since Monday, concludedits labors Friday, reporting to thelaws. Four of the members, actingas a special committee, visited theCounty Infirmary near RuddlesMills and made a thorough inspec-tion. They reported the Institu-tion as having been capably and sat-isfactorily managed. The committeesuggested a number of needed lmprovements, notably a central heating plant, which would be an economical move and be safer and morecomfortable for the inmates,.They also recommended an in'creased production of food stuffs inthe garden. After leaving the Infirmary the committee inspectedthe county jail, pronouncing it tfn.good condition, much more so, thanfor years. The report was receivedand filed, and the members of thegrand jury discharged from furtheiservice.In the case of Chas. S. Brent &Bro. vs. the Western Union Telegraph Co., the jury yesterday returned a verdict in favor of theplaintiff for $592.71. Brent & Bro.sued the telegraph company fordamages resulting from a mispelledword in a message.No cases have been assigned fortrial to-day, but on Wednesdaytwelve Commonwealth cases will becalled for trial.IS lEi S3THIEVES SLAUGHTER HOGS:-LEAVE HEADS AND HIDES.Those were discriminating theivesfinn wnws'who visited the Clarence Lebusfarm-near Ruddles Mills, SaturdayXlJglll. J.H i.a,VL, tUCjr l,i iu vi"criminating, and as a result of theirvisit fifteen fine fat hogs wereslaughtered. The thieves left the-heads and hides and carried awaythe rest. It is inconceivable thatany one should be willing to forego J"hog jowl" in these troublous times,when the Food Commission1 is "con-'serving" everything.immmBAKCLOTHES jGet the J SUIT Get theBuy your clothes fromANNUAL MEETING OF EDUCA- GOOD TOBACCO SALES At GOOIJ;TIONAL ASSOCIATION PRICES.The second annual meeting of The good prices befng realized bythe Eastern Kentucky Ed"trcatIonal tobacco growers throughout thisAssociation will be herd" at the section hare served to hearten themWoodland Park Auditorium, in Lex- in these strenuous times and toington, on Nov. 30 and Dec. 1 The make confidence stronger in theprogram to be presented is an un- j local market when the season opens,usually strong one, and the date, I Among recent sales were the followduring the Thanksgiving holidays,1 ing:will give every Bourbon county J A crop of 3'0,000 pounds, raisedteacher a chance to attend, and not , by Toohey & Hamilton, for Mr. C.lose any time. A special holiday E. Cleveland, on his farm on- thejch-c uj. une lure pius so cents onme ceruncate pian, nas oeen assured by the railroads.The meeting will be opened withthe invocation by Rev. I. J. Spencer, of Lexington. The president'saddress will be delivered by MissOra L. Addams, of Harrodsburg,and the welcome address by M. M.Cassidy, Supt. of Lexington PublicSchools. Five minute responses willbe made by prominent educators.Among the noted speakers who willbe heard are Dr. Frank McVey,president of the State University,Lexington; Dr. William Arch McKeever, Department of Child Welfare, of the University of Kansas;Mrs. Frances G. Richards, of Oxford University, Oxford, ..Ohio, andDr. Wm. Lowe Bryan, president ofthe University of Indiana.Miss Mabel Robbins, County Superintendent of Schools, requests allBourbon county teachers who willattend, to ask the local ticket agentfor a certificate when they purchasetheir ticket, and to file the certificate with the secretary of the meeting, at the registration headquarters in the Phoenix "Hotel Block,for their badges. No one will beadmitted without a badge.!E3 Pa isiPARIS BOWLING LEAGUE.Ah, boys, it was an awful slaughter, referring, of course, to the gameat the local alleys last Wednesdaybetween the Bourbon Laundry andR. P. Walsh teams. The Laundryteam put 'em over the top fo thetune of a 512 pin majority. Theofficial publicity agent of the Leaguewho is a member of the losing team,was unable to furnish THE NEWSwith the scores In time for Friday'sfsstre, but they are given in thisissue. Clarke made the high score,190, for the Laundry team, with.Shankland close second with 185 andFunk with 180. For the Walshteam Thomas rolled high score, 190,and 156, with his closest competitor,Jackson, rolling 153. The scoresranged low on both teams, but thesuperior work of the Laundry teamput the score finally in their favor.The score follows:BOURBON LAUNDRY.2 3185 177183 161-137 1?42190 117158 180'4 Shankland 150Swearengen 156Determan 173Clarke -..154Funk 137Totals 770 880 807R. P. WALSH1 2Thomas 190 153Santen ' 113 140Meglone 72 100Kane .a ".'. ..125 133'Jackson 153 133315688121134134Totals 653 659 63Bourbon Laundry 2457R. P. Walsh 194oLaundry Majority 512Ts la 3OHEGOIT COW HAS TWINS BORNOVER MONTH APART.From the vicinity of Scotts Mill,Oregon, comes a story indicatingthat tne aays or miraculous eveuioare yet in evidence.Harvey C. Hartman, born and reared in that section of the country,noted for its verisimilitude, claimsto have a 3 -year-old Jersey cowwhich gave birth to a Jersey heifercalf on Sept. 22 last. On Oct. 23,just one month and one daylater, the animal gave birth to aHereford bull calf. Both are livingand in a healthy condition. Mr.the animal is over the belated twin.JB TS ISCAUGHT WITH THE "GOODS ONTHEM.A valuable automobile robe and apair of blankets stolen from Mr.John M. Stuart's auto in iront oithe opera house one night lastweek, were recovered through theefforts ot Patrolman Thos. Mynesand restored to the owner.Upon coming out of the theatreMr. Stuart missed the robes, andreported his loss to PatrolmanMynes. Suspicion fell upon twoyoung men and a visit was made totheir rooms. " They were foundasleen under the stolen goods. Mr.Stuart refused to prosecute, beingsatisfied to recover his robe andblankets. The young men's nameswere not revealed.ElRECITAL BY MISS .USHER ATANTIQCH CHURCH.Miss Olive Fisher, formerly amember of the faculty at the Mil-lersburg College, and now connectedwith the Lexington College of Music, will give a recital at the Antinoh Rhurch. near Hutchison, to-morrow (Wednesday) night, at 7:301'innir Miss Fisher, who is an ac-.complished reader and elocutionist,will be assisted by Miss Lucy Jones,soprano. The program of readingsand vocal selectionswill mak,aenjoyable evening.huwi&ciuwu piKe, near Jraris, WS3sold by him to Mrv D. G. Taylor, ofParis, for twenty-eight cents perpound, all around, to be loaded" on.the wagons at the barn. The cropwas raised on sixteen acres andwill bring Mr. Cleveland about $,000. Mr. Dan W. Peed, of Paris, purchased 9,000 pounds of tobacco fromIsaac N. Keller and" son, Mr. Edward Keller, of Kiserton, at thirtytwo cents per pound. The crop,which was raised on six acres,brought. $480 an acre.Record prices are being paid fortobacco in Nicholas county. BartWilson, a farmer residing nearMoorefield, sold a crop from aboutone acre of ground to A. S. Kimbrough at $45 a hundred. The cropis estimated at 1,200 pounds. Hobart Sanderson sold one-fourth interest in a crop grown on four acresof ground, near Moorefield, to W. (J.P. Ledford for $37 a hundred! Thos.C. Ashbury and W. W. Scott purchased a crop of tobacco from J. T.Duncan, near East Union, at $35 &hundred.A new world's record was established last week when Wm. Howk,of Harrison county, sold his crop- of8,000 pounds of tobacco to ClarenceLebus, of the Burley Tobacco Society, at Lexington, for $40 per hundred, straight. Mr. Lebus also paid$30 per hundred to H. H. Pointdexter for 6,000 pounds and MarkFryman $32.50 per hundred pounds.The Independent Tobacco Warehouse will also have their opening'sales on the morning of Dec. 4', th&same day set for the opening of theBourbon Tobacco Warehouse. Themanagement has agreed to donateone-quarter of the proceeds of thefirst day's sales to the local Chapter of the Red Cross, one-quarter tothe Bourbon County Health andWelfare League, and onehalf to the"Boys-In-France - Tobacco Fund."They will also sell" without commission all tobacco donated for theabove causes. The growers can donate as much as they desire one, .two or three sticks of the weedand it will be sold to the best ad-vantage. Read the IndependentWarehouse Cos big display ad inthis issue.Under the head of "Tobacco Coming Here From Other Countiesthe-Mt. Sterling Sentinel-Democratsays:"A firm of local buyers reportedto a representative of this paperthe purchase by them "this week ofmore than 100,000 pounds of tobacco in Bourbon county that otherwise would have gone on sale atthe Paris houses."Tobacco stripping began last weefcin many sections of Bourbon countyand growers whose crops were housed early are making efforts to getthe weed ready for the Paris market "before the rush for labor be-gmsA local tobacco man says itmight be well for THE NEWS torepeat the cautibn about bulkingthe tobacco in too large piles: andletting it get hot."El Sa "P3HOMEWARD BOUND:Dispatches to the Kentucky dailyj papers 0f Saturday, carried the fol-lowing item of interest to manyBourbon county people:"Easton, Saskatchewan, Canada,Nov. 17. Eight young Kentuckians, including W. C. Thomas, ofLexington, Henry Stewart, of Cynthiana, and M. W. Kiser, W. Ot"Kiser, A. R. Johnson, Samuel Brain el, Nimrod Crump- and HenryConnelly, alf of Paris, are returningsouth from this section where theyhas been employed on the westernflax ranch of E. F. Spears & Sons,of Paris. R. L "VVhaley, Mr. andMrs. Riley Dotson and H. C. Kiser,manager of the ranch, all of Paris,are expected to leave soon for a visitto Kentucky"?S2 la SaIN NEW POSITION.Mr. W. R. Clinkenbeard, who succeeded Mr. J. Kiser Smith as ticketagent for the Louisville & Nashvilleroad at Paris, resigned that placelast week to accept a position ascity ticket agent for the Southern Railway Company, in Lexington. Mr. Clinkenbeard succeeds Mr.W. I. Griffin, who has been transferred to the Nicholasville office.Mr. Clinkenbeard was "checkedou'f of the Paris office of the L. JbN., and "checked in? at the Lexington office last Thursday, when hetook charge. Mr .Clinkenbeard recently married Miss Hadden, a.handsome and attractive youngWinchester girl who made manyfriends during her short residencein Paris.TECONVICTED ON ONE CHA1GE,ACQUITTED ON ANOTHER.In the Federal Court, at Richmond, last week George Vickars,who was arrested on a charge otimpersonating a United Stataa aoldier, was sentenced to tevdayi iI Drisonment. TJickers was acuittMA small admistom the charge of being a "Gamai -j.' vycIsion, sunt will be charged.i spy.'toDp- yr,l--THE BOURBON NEWS, PARIS, KY.TUESDAY, NOVEMBER 2l17.?AGE TWOIJsabllshed 188135 Years of Con-jtlnuous Publication. ;THE BOURBON NEWS.HEALTH IS ASGOOD NOW ASER BEFOREbiished Every Tuesday and Friday,r Year. ..$2.00 Six Months... $1.00Payable in Advance.SWIFT CriAMP. Editor and Owner.EDITORIAL MUSINGS.NOVEMBER "EVERYSTUDENT"' Kentucky Woman Comes Out StrongI For Tanlac and DescribesI Benefits."Race For Air Supremacy.The report that'ning her factorieslimit and .putting1perhuman efforts"I have taken four bottles of Tanlac and I feel as well now as I everdid in my life," said Mrs. JamesGermany is run-'Snell, 1048 Barrett avenue, Louisto their utmost j ville, Kv.forth almost su-l "My svstem was rui down all overto increase thlDefore I took Tanlac- felt so tiredniimn. P "U.. n..ln .-..""" "v'ul .",!, J. JUOL UCIrlU. fctf U1UYO.iiuiuuci ul uci tti k;j y ia,iLvs bu cuj ijcounterbalance the aviation superiority which America's contributionwould otherwise bring next spring,is strong evidence of two things.First, the fiction circulated among i to sleep"I was nervous, too, and couldn'tsleep right. I'd seem to be sleepyat night, but when I yent to bedicnown writers;iq oe wiae awaKe ana it wouia bethree or four hours before I could getthe German people to the effect thatAmerica will prove a neglible factorin the war gets no credence in official Germany; and, second, sanguineAmericans who believe and assertthat our aerial supremacy will brings. sudden end to the war may beover-optimistic.Apparently it is to be a race between the United States and Germany, and while our resources unquestionably are superior to those ofour enemy, that advantage is offsetto some extent by Germany's proximity to the theatre of war, while ouraeroplane fleet .must be transportedoverseas more than 3,000 miles before it will become effective. Germany has the further advantage alsoof three years' experience with theaeroplane in war. Of course we areconfident that the American air fleetwill prove superior to anything thatGermany can produce to meet it.Just the same, we believe with Secretary Baker that "this war will endwhen we win it," and that nothing isto be gainedMy appetite was poor, also, andnothing I ate tasted right."I had been told that Tanlac wasa fine medicine and so I finally triedit. I took four bottles in all andit's a fact that my health is as goodnow as it ever was in my life. I havea, fine appetite now and I've improved in every way."Tanlac is the best medicine I evertried and I recommend it."When a Kentuckian recommendsTanlac you know it is all right.Tanlac doesn't ask you to take theword of a man from Maine or a woman from California for its merit.Tanlac testimonials used in Kentucky are from Kentucky people, soyou know Tanlac is just the thingfor you if you are feeling weak andrun down. You can get Tanlac atG. S. Varden & Son's. (adv)papers glued, cut in four-inchlengths and boiled in candle grease.They will burn stuck in the groundanywhere and have a slow flamewhich lasts from forty minutes to anby over-confiedence as to j'hour.the timewin it.that it is going to take tcNight Prowling." There is no doubt but that a largeper cent, of the degredation, disgrace,ruin and crime among the youngserines from the habit of nightprowling, corner loafing and kindred ! he can shoot, and his rations hot soacts of both sexes in city, town andhamlet all over this broad country.Although unknown to Americanwomen until recently, the Europeanwomen and children have been turning out these torches in great numbers. It is said that the Italianwomen and children make 1,500,000such torches daily.The heaters will keep a soldier'sfingers warm in the trenches so thatthat he will have fighting energy.They are light to carry, and will beAny person who keeps his or her eyes j of great use in the coming winteropen- knows this. Hundreds of boys j campaign.and girls out at night and we It is thrilling to the girls to thinkell know that many influences for . that the little torches in their handsevil and none for good surround ' will probaly be lit in the trenches inthem continually. A curfew restric-i Europe to warm American irost du-tion may be derided as old fashionedand Puritanical, hue the fact remainsthat there is vastly less night prowling in towns that have a curfew ordinance and enforce it.New War Work.ten fingers or to heat the rations fora boy from home.To Save An Editor.Here is administer who appreciatesthe editor. At a recent editorialconvention he offered the followingtoast: "To save an editor trom starTrench torches, or ration heaters, vatioilt take his paper and pay for itare being made by patriotic girls all promptiy. To save him from bankover the United States. These ruptcyt advertise in his paper libertorches are made out of rolled news-1 ally To save him fronI despair, sendhim every item of news of which youcan get hold. To save" him tromprofanity, write your correspondenceplainly on one side of the sheet andsend it in as early as possible. Tosave him from mistakes, bury him.Dead people are the only ones whonever make mistakes."pa m P2HELPFUL WORDS FROM A PARISCITIZEN.mm?rEfme Kind J &&$&thatm-e-1-t J&X9t&favour &WSlight,fluffy, tendercakes, biscuits anddoughnuts that justkeep you hanging'round the pantrya)l madoyuh -,CALUMETBAKING POWDER, '.the safest, purest, mosteconomical kind. Tryit an ve away Daite-aay-failures." t1 1 uu Mvc wnen you ouy itr -f Jxou save -wnen you use.it. ,Calumet contains only such"!.ingredients as have beent rred officially by tbeyU.S. Food Authorities.HIGHEST SI$&jIs your. back lame and painful?Does it ache especially after exertion? .,Is there a soreness in the kidneyregion?These symptoms suggest weak kidneys. If so, there is danger in delay.Weak kidneys get weaker fast.Give your trouble prompt attention. Doan's Kidney Pills are for weakkidneys.Your neighbors use and recommend them.Read this Paris testimony.Mrs. A. L. Burley, 329 Eighthstreet. Paris, says: "I have usedi Doan's Kidney Pills a few times, getting them from the Ardery Drug Co.and from the benefit I have received,I certainly think they are a good, reliable remedyr .Whenever my kidneys have been irregular in actionot my back has been weak and lame,I have used a box or so of Doan'sKidney Pills. They have always r6-lieved me of the complaint."Price 60c, at all dealers. Don'tsimply ask for a kidney remedy getDoan's Kidney Pills the same thatMrs. Burley had. Foster-MilburnCo., Props., Buffalo, N. Y. (adv)is ta TsThe averasre young fellow is always hoping that some day he willfind a fortune ready made.155 IS feMRS. P. 0. STUCHELL TELLS HOWSHE CURED HER SON OFA COLD."When my son Ellis was sick witha cold last winter I gave him Chamberlain's Cough Remedy. It helpedhim at once and quickly broke uphis cold," writes Mrs. Is. O. Stucbe'.i.Homer City, Pa. This remedy habeen in us tor many years. Its goodqualifies have been fully proven bymany thousands of people. It ispleasant and safe to take.(nov-addv)TSl jBS TBIMr. and Mrs. Xharles K. Pone.rwere guests Monday of Mr. f csner-parents, Mr. and Mr. A. L. Posnc,Cincinnati,The November number of "Everystudent," the P. H. S. monthly publication, is off the press at THEBOURBON NEWS job rooms. Thisnumber, like-all the others, is full ofgood things, the product 6f the students, many of whom have shownremarkable literary talent.The number includes, besides theregular contribution of chapel notes,personals and editorials, a splendidlywritten feature, entitled "Bess' Burglar," by Miss Lutie Crowe, whichshows the writer to be possessed of aremarkable talent for short storywriting. Other articles of merit are"Holmes' View of Slang;" "Wise andOtherwise;" editorial contributionby the staff on "Bourbon County'sPart in the Liberty Loan," and"The Fate of P. H. S. FootballTeam;" poems "To the Soldier Boy," jby Miss Edna Snapp, "Autumn," byMiss Anne Talbott, and "His Farewell," by Miss Mabel Templin;"Life," a prose poem made up ofrhyming lines selected from well-Beauty Hints," anew department conducted by MissElizabeth Clark and Mr. CharlesKenney, which is full of humoroushits at P. H. S. personages; "TheHaunted Castle of Badgerton," another short story by Miss MargaretLavin, evidencing careful preparation and execution in word-painting,and a short but well-conceiveddissertation upon woman's ever-presentthought and man's greatest despair, "Fashion," by Miss FavolaDundon.From the first page to the lastpage, the November "Everystudent"is a most creditable production,both in a mechanical and literarysense.a 2 J53 J2FOR A WEAK STOMACH.As a general rule all you need todo; is to adopt a diet suited to yourage and occupation and to keep yourbowels regular. When you feel thatvou have eaten too much and when iconstipated, take one of Chamberlain's Tablets.(nov-addv)"One of theFamousjrivey.m0WkM1 5The rugged, enduring, groundgripping, antiskid 'Chain' TreadNext time you .ueed a tire, buy a United States 'Chain'Tread. . NYou will get more real service out of it at lower mileagecost than you have ever, had out of any other make ofwoven fabric pneumatic.While you may hope we are right, we know we are right.We know, because we make the 'Chain' Tread.We know, because thousands upon thousands of motorists having once used the 'Chain' Tread, continue seasonafter season to remain 'Chain' Tread users.We know, because the tremendous sales increases show acontinuously growing increase in new users.Put one of these rugged, enduring, ground-gripping'Chain' Tread Tires on your car and make comparisons.Are Good TiresNobby' 'Chain' 'Royal Cord' 'Usco' 'Plain'United States Tubes and Accessories Have All the SterlingWorth and' ft' ear I hat Make United States Tires SupremeAlso Tires for Motor Tracks, MotorCycles, Bicycles, and Aeroplanesra-vvioaorawMOror00FOR RENT.Cottage on Winchester street,with all modern improvements; gasand electricty; good garden. ApplytoMRS. MARIA LYONS,(nov!3-tf) Main street.'A 'HnmmnniMEN WANTED.100 men wanted at once to dig andload coal in coal mines. For any information wanted, writeGEO. VEAL, Supt,,(23-lmo) Shamrock, Ky.A Complete Stock of United States Tires Carried ByMILLERSBURG GARAGE, Millersburg, Ky.K33SZZ?U3Xr3aR?IJNew Blacksmith Shop!We have opened our new shop onHigh street, next to Flanagan's stable, between Seventh and Eighthstreets, and are ready to do all kindsof blacksmith work. Horseshoeing aspecialty. Patronage solicited.J. C. FIGHTMASTER,L. L. HARP,(nov 6-3t-T)Estrayed or Stolen.Buff Leghorns For SaleI have a number of fine Buff Leghorn Single Comb Cockerels for sale,a fancy laying strain. Price $2.00each.. MRS. LETITIA CLAY,(30-tf) Cumberland Phone 204.Virgil Laid For Sale!150 acres of Laurel County virgin land that would make an idealchicken ranrh. About 75 acresis high, fiat land, and balance on abranch between two high bluffs.This branch land has enough tie and!Fmall umber on it to pay for it.Would ho an ideal place for an orchard, being protected from frost toa great oxtent by these bluffs. Allkinds of fruits would do well. Someof this land would produce fair cornand tobacco, and all kinds of vegetables. It joins up do-- " Ti. & N sta-j tion. An opportunrv for a hustlerto get rich on a oiiiall investment.If interested rail 104. CumberlandTelephone. (tf)G. W. DAVISfuneral Director f- Corner Fifth and Pleasant Streets, Paris, Ky.Day Phones 137 Night Phones 299 or 999Automobile Ambulance Automobile HearseUndertakingOur Winton-Six Automobile Ambulance with Johnson &Johnson First Aid Equipment and the Lungmotor (recentlysecured by us at great expense) a resuscitating device forthose apparently dead from drowning, gas poisoning, electricshock, collapse from anaesthasia, etc., always ready for service. DAY OR NIGHT. Phone us immediately when anaccident occurs.THEEstrayed or stolen from the Wm. !Woodford farm, on Paris and Win-Beautiful - Gulf - Coast !f tZ?J?ayurl, ! Trustee's Sale in Bankruptcy ,heifer. Both muleys. Liberal reward for recovery or any information asdress,to their whereabouts. Ad-(16-3t-pd)J. Pv.RouteBROOKS,2, Paris, Ky.Wi.jn-"Magazine Agency.I will receive subscriptions to thefollowing magazines:Curtis Publishing Company'sLadies' Home Journal, SaturdayEvening Post and the Country Gentleman, Cosmopolitan.Good Housekeeping,Harpers,Motor Magazine,Pictorial Review,Mothers' Magazine,Heart's.Kentucky Magazine. "" ""Until November 10 will receive 2year subscription to Cosmopolitan,Heart's, and Good House Keeping,either for $2. I will also make advantageous cluhbing offers with ThePictorial Review.MMS. O. P. CARTER, JR.,- -i-r. Paris, Ky.(oct23-tf) ..llH-- iTHELAKEVIEW SANITORIUM ANDTTnnrnT ri rii huijJj uu. aEntire Plant and Outfit at AuctionWEDNESDAY. DEC. 5. 2 P. MMI On the Premises. Dry Ridce, Kv.'Pool "Rlcsto-fo "RuiliiTi era TTrkal TJ,inniture, Fixtures, and Trade Mark oftheKENTUCKY CARLSBADWATER. &c.By order of the U. S. District Court.' MARTIN M. DURRETT, Referee,Covington, Ky.W. T. LOOMIS, Trustee,Independence, Ky.TOMLIN&VEST, Attys for TrusteeWalton, Ky.WM. J. DEUPREE, Covington, Ky.,ftHflBURCH, PETERS & CONNELLY,Cincinnati, Ohio,Attorney for Creditors.Autction Catalog on Request.THE EPFRON MERCANTILE CO..Auctioneers. No. 334 M$in Street,Cincinnati. Ohio.(13nov-5t)Biloxi and Ocean Springs, Mississippi.If you would revel among the mostbeautiful of shade trees, the monarchs of the South, the live oaks, goto Ocean Springs, Mississippi. Drinkfrom its mineral springs and enjoythe ozone from the stretch of shellroad along the sound.long to ther out-of-door life in Biloxinearly all the year round.Biloxi is not wholly dependentupon tourists. It has an all-the-year-roundpopulation. A TouristClub is sustained during the winterj months from a colony largely of Mid-Live simply among its plain hut die States, Northern people who cen-hospitable small hotels or private jter there yearly from mid-winter toboarding houses; you will never for- early spring. Never has the writerget the view of the Gulf you have 'seen more glorious sunsets or morehad, or the rejuvenating atmospher? i beautiful moonlights. What morethat you have enjoyed during your fascinating than the silvery sheen instay. the wake of a white sailboat as sheBiloxi might be called the Riviera silently glides along. Her hold mayot the Gulf Coast. It was settled by be filled with oysters which she mayIberville in 1695. It was part of the be carrying to be unloaded at someLouisiana possessions and was the. oyster house a mile or so around thefirst colony planted by the French in bend of the bay; or it may be thatthe South.Yes, it is true that you will findthere the old civilization and thenew. Truthfully e may also saythat it is one of the most restfuland charming resorts on the NorthAmerican continent.with SfcVimp from deeper watersshe is laden. If you happen to bethere next morning, where the boatis being unloaded, you will find it a'process worth seeing. Inside of along building all is activity men,women and children are employed by.Home For Sale PrivatelyOn account of Mr. Naljrter'd flassenger run being changed front Paris tcLexington and Cincinnati necessitating a removal to Lexington, I deslfto dispose of my residvnee at the corner of Main and Second streets, inParis, at private sale.This is a substantial brick houM.t;wo-Ktqr?e.s has six large rooms,sleeping porch; two concrete porches:large garden and poultry yard'; sideand frontward. It is a flrst-clas?home and will be a hurgain for thpurchaser. Tt is in n.-st-clasa shapeAn inspection of theshuuse and premises in Invited1. i n -. MRSrJESSE S. NAPIER,(4-tf) v 12? Mam Street. (-f-ri ',Farms For Sale!We have found it most delightful the hundreds in opening the oysterjust following the Christmas holi- shells. The oysters are first droppeddays in mitf-winter; but it is also' into tubs of water and the last pro-fmbst agreeable in the summer-time, cess is when they are placsa in Cages-as the breezes from the Gulf of Mex.- which are sealed and neatly labeledjteo fan the shore at some time each, and. then jvre ready for the market.i day. There are h6m3 for the workersf Many Idffidg Save ftieTr centered and their families hd-live" flear thetat Biloxi, whicTi uhtiess had theliS jants or oyster factories. There isj origin from the tufi4' tit the Indian also1 a settlement house not fa.j to later civilization. A gjrafid oli ' away with beautiful trees about it,We have for sale a large num-1 oak, with gnarled and 4wtisted ' with kindergarten and playgroundsbe (si highly productive, well- branches and hanging moss, tfid3 for thd children, who" are thus carecftintiied frttv3. tono-ino in ri7p in tne churchyard of the pictur'elwJuVifor while their mothers ara at worki5i ffifft 2J 5l,t UJL L!nB Church of the Redeemer it has beSri at the oyster hoiises. The season is? JS-Sl y .12 j-??P, acres' , the basis of many a legend and verse . short and consequently the earnings111 Orarjam anjf adjoining COUn- How beautiful are those homes arf oh nly a short thud of the year,ties. Good pikesMte'ftirban ger- along the beach where nature has AgainVand again fftori the coldVi'ci'e t!o Louisville excellent been undisturbed. Beyond the narrow rigid winters of the nortfi we shallwafer1, arid every convenience. fs fLlL?nKLTe L sklrt seek thMhor of autifol Biloxiifnvi'i'k'TAii nAnA V.Alv,.J a"n tIie sne" road, pass the and perhaps. nW and theri for aLand is well adapted to orchard j -home for guests" and the light- respite in the summer, too. 'grasg,-alialia, blue grass, corn,-. house, and be a welcome guest also So when ydV,madeup your foiftewheat" iiiid clover, and IS highly rfone 6t more of the beautiful pri for trips South henceforth, we advlsHrroutn resistant, ror particu- r't"0? iiuou "uub w1",01"" yw oy an means to anciuae jbhoxioeverai oi inese nave ineir own pn- or Ocean Springs. Carlvle Porter.vate. piers' with boat-house or bath- These are two of the 'popular anding-house at the end of the pier, way attractive resorts oh the beautifulout 6ff the water. Boating, bathing Gulf Coast and reached by the Modand fishing arV recreations that be- ern steel naseeneer tri at tkwrite' or DhoneDIXON & GOSLING,LaGrange, Ky.Home Phone4 102 and 97-B2.Cumb(n6vl6-..Phcjn'eeas-JandST-w. !LomsyiLLE & NASHVILLE RAILROAD'aViI1 r-t .-'1 Ji l -, v JK iftv-fs-TUESDAY, NOVEMBER 20, 1917.THli liOURBON NEW&vPARlS, Kl,'j rVPAGElffiyMmmmwAmwimwc?aT.--Ttfrr""i ! in-i t, rwarnrami!Simon's Great Cash Raisina Sale!OUR ENTIRE STOCK TO CHOOSE FROM!BIK8I5HjAVING purchased a business in, Lexington, I find it takes more cash than I had anticipated, therefore I haveI2BBD decided to turn a certain amount of the stock of our Paris store into cash. It is only after youVe thoughtfor a minute, and realize the enormity of the stock of goods to be turned into cash at once, that the full forceof this great merchandising event becomes apparent- It is not merely a November or Clearance Sale, notmerely the selling off of odds and ends, but 'The absolute necessity of turning the desiredamount of goods into cash, notwithstandingthe great loss it entails to us to do so !vThen, too, when the high class of the goods is considered, is it to be wondered at that we have prepared forthe greatest sale of any kind, at any time, for any reason whatever?SaleBeginsThursday, Nov. 224And Continues Until Saturday, Dec. 8thLadies' CoatsLadies' $20.00 Coats, at $14.98Ladies' $25.00 Coats, at $19.98Ladies' $50.00 Coats, at $24.98Ladies' $35.00 Coats, at $27.50Ladies' $40.00 Coats, at $32.50Ladies' $45.00 Coats, at $37.50Ladies $50.00 Coats, at $39.50Ladies' SuitsHuck and Bath TowelsOne lot of Huck Towels, size 18x36at 12y2cOne lot of Turkish. Towels, at 10cOne lot of Turkish Towels, regularprice, 35c, at 25cOne lot of Turkish Towels, 50c, at... 35cLadies' SkirtsOne lot of Ladie3 Suits, regular,$20.00 and $25.00 Suits, at. . .One lot of Ladies Suits regular$30.00 and $35.00 Suits, at. . .Ladies' Suits, $37.50 and $40.00,Suits, atLadies' Suits,Suits, at .Ladies' Suits,Suits, at$45.00 and $50.00$60.00 and $65.00$14.98$19.75$24.75$37.50$47.50Ladies' $5.00 Skirts, at. .Ladies' $7.50 Skirts, at. .Ladies' $10.00 Skirts, at.Ladies' $12.50 Skirts, at.Ladies' $15.00 Skirts, at.$3.98.$4.98$7.98$9.98$11.98Rememberthe DateThursdayNOVEMBER 22To SaturdayDECEMBER 8Ladies'Silk,GeorgetteCrepeand Crepe cle ChineDressesLadies' $20.00 Dresses $14.98Ladies1 $25.00 Dresses $19.98Ladies' $30.00 Dresses $24.50Ladies' $35.00 and $40.00 Dresses. .$29.50Bedspreadsn j -.tliOO$2.00 Spreads, at . t . : $1.48$3.00 Spreads, at $2.48$3.50 Spreads, at $2.98Millinery, To Close Out,at Half PriceLadies' $5.00 Hats $2.50Ladies' $7.50 Hats $3.75Ladies' $10.00 Hats $5.00Ladies' $12.5C Hats $6.25Indies' $15.00 Hats $7.50Our Entire Stock to Choose FromDuring Our Cash Raising Sale of 15 DaysLadies' Silk PetticoatsLadies' Skirts, $3.00, at,Ladies' Skirts, $5.00, at.$2.29$4.25Clark's 0. N. T.200-yard Spools 6 for25cLadies' Serge DressesLadies' $10.00 Dresses, at $7.98Ladies' $15.00 Dresses, at $12.75Ladies' $20.00 Dresses, at $14.98Ladies' $25.00 Dresses, at $19.98This Sale isStrictlyFor CashPleaseDo Not Ask CreditLadies' Knit Underwear50c Vests, at .l 3p,c$1.00 Vests, at 79c50c Pants, at 39c$1.00 Pants, at 79c$1.00 Union Suits, at 79c$1.50 Union Suits, at $1.29$2.00 Union Suits, at $1.09.TABLE LINEN AND MUSLINBuy Boring Sale and Save Money.Furs$5.00 Fur Scarfs, at $3.98$7.50 Fur Scarfs, at $4.93$10.00 Fur Scarfs, at. $7!98 -$15.00 Fur Scarfs,, at. .$9,9g ,.$20.00 Fur Scarfs, at . . . ". .$1498$25.00 Fur Scarfs, at .- .$19.98$500 Muffs, at' $3,95$7.50 Muffs, at $4.98$10.00 Muffs, at $798$15.00 Muffs, at $&98$20.00 Muffs, at ." $1498$7.50 Fur Sets .... .J $4$$$10.00 Fur Sets $7,.98$15.00 Fur Sets 1 jgjjfe '$20.00 Fur Sets .$14.98$25.00 Fur Sets $19.98$30.00 Fur Sets $250 'Apron GinghamsLancaster & Amoskeg Ginghams, at. . .15CDress Ginghams, 20c quality, at. . ; . . .15c25c Gingham, at . ; . . . 19Percols, 25c quality, at 21cHope Muslin, at jifcOuting Cloth, all colors, at J 5cOuting GownsLadies' $1.50 and $1.75 Gowns, at.. $1.29Pf You Are Not in the Habit of Going to Sales, Come to This One!There is a World of Economy Here For You !v. -r l 1Z 1 &l VH -t- Hl L.F,a..." . . . - .. .. i A,-.. - -V . - - - - . . . tAk. j- . ja.., -' - j.-.-fJ.. 13B 1XJoAX1JXiXD ASM UUJBJtlfJLXS AT UJtKAT I Wi -?I Buy Boring Sale and Save Money. .KEDUCED MICES ' ' K :1 H rfB H A ahh . r Lr r m nr)1. V'iIO .1Y1 o iito a l. n) rt umttt Uv rhiT ,3 iC "t&ijfy --i t ' "'nlSiW' " , ' ' ' - '- yVV -PAGE .FOTJETHE BOURBON NEWS, PARIS, KY.TUESDAY, NOVEMBER 20, 1U7-1I5IAKY ENLISTED MEN DISCHAEG-NEWS OP WOMEN'S WORKINTERESTING TO CLUBWOMEN.ED THROUGH ERRORA man is not in the army for theperiod of the war and away from theinfluence of civil authorities after heis mustered into the service, it wasRELIGIOUS..The Missionary Society of thiMiss Tvn.tliprin Tnvlnr dmifri.revealed at Camp Zachary Taylor, f.er of Mr. nnrf Mr -kvioi tJI "Miere eight soldiers, most of them in Qf North Middleton. united with'Presbyterian church met Monday at camP smce early in September, J the Paris Christian church at the2:30 with Mrs. Newton Mitchell. were returned to their homes morning service Sunday by conferThe following program was ren- through the efforts of local draft sion.dered: boards.Devotional Exercises Mrs. W. B. A11 of tne men are Kentuckians,Griffith and most of them were released fromt- t t. i : : r j.i.. Hiltv tVirrmoTi cnoriil onnoalo rf Vioi-i . ' ..xriesu.vmiiaii .luissiuiis lo lue iu- .7 b.vrU(3U. uwu. iu. ui itu .vines nnrinp- the nnm mr -nr4-.dians of the U. S." Mrs. .W. G. Me- b0?rds- T.he release of the men was; The first of these services was held"WITHIN THE LAW 1 1 1 1 1 11 !! i H IH mil .! till i .jf m j 144,"Within the Law," the screen ver- JIpion of Bayard Veiller's sensationel , a V f A 1VTTT" X"S. -" V 2!stage success, which was vieed by ; LJ I X I LC 1 I f 1theatre iT I IX fmm I 1 X. I tl Vt m m . 7- v - - vOn account of the coal shortage, the five Protestant churchesof Versailles, will hold union ser-Clintock"David Brainard,"Mrs. John Lair."From Wigwam toMrs. Chas. Whaley."Native Melodies" Mrsobtained simply by the forwarding ofa sketch certificates of discharge" from these-boards.Pulpit" !t was revealed that a majority ofthese discharges by the local boardsFithian. or their members, especially in casesof physical examination. In cne casewhich was not identified at divisionheadquarters, a man was sent toCamp Zachary Taylor who 'was per-Saturday at 3 o'clock a Boardmeeting, consiting of representatives from everv woman's organization in the city was held at the manently injured in his left foot andRed Cross rooms. Much enthusi- passea as pnysicany quanned.asm was show.n Arrangements It was learned later by the boardwere made for sending from 500 to that the cripple was sent to the camp3,000 Xmas packages to the sol-iy accident on the certificate of andier boys at the various camps. ! other man, and the latter will be sentEvery Bourbon county boy will be in the next draft contingent, whileremembered ana tne remaining 1 " wiyyic icluih uume" packages will be sent to Kentuckyboys in general.Red Cross headquarters were occupied every day during the pastweek by various organizations and.excellent results obtained.Friday the ladies of the Presbyterian church occupied the sewingroom and also assisted with the surgical dressings.The Daughters o fthe Confederacy met in their room at courthouse Saturday at 2:30. Businessof importance was transacted andthe Chapter arranged for Christmaspackages for the soldiers.A most successful -sale of edibleswas given by members of the RedCross Society, Saturday, and $105realized. The proceeds will be usedin the surgical dressing department.The surgical dressing room willbe occupied as usual Tuesday andFriday of this week.153 fe isRED CROSS MEETING.In the absence of the chairman,Mrs. A. B. Hancock, who is visitingin New York, Mrs. Wm. G. McClintock presided at the meeting of theBourbon County Chapter of theRed Cross Society, held in the RedCross sewing rooms in the courthouse Saturday afternoon.The principal purpose of the meeting, which was largely attendedand a very eathusastic one, was toformulate plans for sending Christmas gifts to the soldier boys, thefirst, and. then the others. Afterdiscussion pro and con, it wasagreed that five hundred would besent. Representatives from the various organizations of the countywere present. The president of eachChapter was appointed as Chairmanto solicit articles for the packages,with instructions to report at theRed Cross room on, or before Saturday, December 1.t m IKWAR RECEIPTS(By Isabel Gordon Curtis)INDIAN GRIDDLE CAKES .1 cup Indian meal1 cup flour2 eggs1 teaspoon butterteaspoon salt2 level, teaspoons baking powdeiMilk.Pua Indian meal into a mixinghowl and pour over it enough scalding milk to make a thick mush.When it cools, add . the . flour andenough cold milk to make a thickbatter, add the eggs, well beaten,the butter, melted, the salt, andbaking powder. Beat till full ofbubbles, then bake on a hot griddle.HOMINY GEMS2 cups cold hominy3 eggs "B2 cups milk1 teaspoon salt1 tablespoon sugar2 level teaspoons baking powder.1 tablespoon melted butter.Put the corn meal in a mixingbowl, pour over it the scalded milk,beat thoroughly, and when cool addthe hominy. Stir in the eggs,whip to a froth, add salt, sugar,baking powder, and butter, heathard, pour into greased gem i?ans,and bake in a hot oven. This receipe when thinned with more milkmakes, dilicious griddle cakes.ia sa feEXAMINATION IFOR STENOGHA-fPHERS.New styles in uniforms will appear shortly at camp. News hasbeen received at division headquarters that all service overcoats are tobe made to reach the' knees insteadof the ankles, and that padding willbe taken from service uniform coats,and cotton, instead of silk, threadwill be used in making all militaryclothes.3 151 1E3KENTUCKIANS AT PANCY BALLAT FT. BENJ. HARRISON.The following is from a recentissue of The Indianapolis, Ind ,Daily News:"A true 'Kentucky ball' ' was given by the men of the 11th InfantryCompany of Fort Benjamin Harrisonat the Hotel Severin last evening.The orchestra was from Versailles,Ky., and the opening number for theparty was "Old Kentucky Home."Capt. and Mrs. R. G. Sherrard werethe chaperones' and other specialguests were Capt. Burton A. McMcGlachlin, Lieut. Glenn F. Blairand Lieut. Henri Haye, French instructor at the fort. Among the manyguests who came from Kentucky forthis affair were Miss Mildred Boiling, of Louisville, niece of Mrs.Woodrow Wjilson; Miss KatherineSettle, Mrs. C. F. Ravenscraft, MissLucille Bell, and Miss Agnes Wellington, of Louisville; Miss RuthRouse, Miss Mary fan Deren andMiss Addie Hutchinson, of Cynthi--ana;Mrs. P. A. Thompson, of Paris,and Misses Zelia Rice and ElathBuchanan, of Richmond."1 m JRCOAL FAMINE AVERTED. ,Owing to the urgent demand andneed for stenographers and typewriters in the civil service of theUnited States, an examination willbe held in the Government Building at Paris, on December 14.All competent persons are urgedby Clerk Wm. Clarke, of the localoffice, who will have charge of theexamination, to enter the test, asthere will be little doubt but thatall who obtain eligible ratings willreceive immediate appointments.Salaries in this branch of the service run from $900 to $1,200 peryear. Full particulars may belearned upon application to .Mr.Clarke, at the Paris postofllce.THE GOVERHME&T GOBBLES UPUJBBER POR ITS ARMIES.Every manufacturer of rubberOTorakoes in the country met withas. auxiliary committee of the Council of National Defense, and agreedto turn over to the government fortke array the entire output of furkttckle "arctics" from now until,JamiMUT 5' This will mean a totalof about 300,000 pairs. Orders formMr ki boots ha been previously 9taMt.Paris coal dealers are now assured of an ample supply of coal fortheir customers, through actiontaken last week by Mayor John T.Hinton. As a result of the Mayor'swork they are now receiving enoughcoal for immediate needs, with assurances of certainty in the future.An official communication, underthe seal of Paris, was preparedand sent by Mayor Hinton to theauthorities at Frankfort and Louisville, and to the State Coal Producers Commission at Cincinnatiand the National -Fuel Administrator at Washington, advising them ofthe situation here. Accompanyingthis was a statement giving namesof Paris coal dealers, the amount ofcoal necessary to supply the ordinary needs of Bourbon county people, and a great deal of other valuable information showing whythere was necessity for immediateaction in the matter.Sunday night at thw Baptist church.At the Church of the Annunciation in this city Sunday morningthe sum of approximately $195 wasraised in hte Knights of Columbuscampaign inaugurated several daysago in the State for the Army Y.M. C. A. war work.There will be a Home Missionary patriotic prayer service at theMethodist church Thursday afternoon at 2:30. This is a union service of the various missionary societies. All the women of the community are invited to be present.The Epworth League of theParis Methodist church sent a fineblack-fruit cake to each of its eightmembers in the United States armyand navy. One cake sent by express to W. O. Pennington, in thenavy "somewhere on the Atlantic"lequired $1.80 express charges toreach its destination.Mrs. L. B. Purnell and daughter, Miss Rebecca Purnell, Mr. andMrs. Hugh Brent and Mrs. WhiteVardei were confirmed at St. Peter's 'Episcopal church, Sundaymorning. The confirmation exerciseswere conducted by Bishop Lewis W.Burton, of the Lexington Diocese.Sunday, November 25, will beobserved by the Christian Endeavors of the State as "Kentuckyvm-isuan iunaeavor uay, ana aneffort is being made to have all themembers of the society in the Statein attendance on some ChristianEndeavor service during the day.Special programs will be carriedout in the old societies and new sociteties will be organized wherepracticable.m te 1B-4 TIREInsure withW.O. HINTON &SON,Agtsfe is lea---CLARK COUNTY BARN DESTROYED BY FIRE.VICTIM OF ACCIDENT.John Buckner, an aged coloredman, was taken U, his home inBrentsville, Friday, suffering with abroken leg. Buckner was struck byan auto driven by a Nicholas county man and knocked down. He wasgiven prompt medical attention.151 3 1E3SEVENTH- DISTRICT REVENUETAXATION COLLECTIONS.Approximately $1,280,000 moretaxes .will be collected from theSeventh Internal Revenue districtannually as the result of the actionof- the State Tax Commission increasing the tax on whisky in bond$9 a barrel, making the tax at present $21 a barrel. The increased taxation is due to the advance in theprice of whisky.In this district last year 5,555,258 gallons of whisky " were ' withdrawn from the warehouses.The tax will not be paid, throughthe county assessors' offices, ..but!when whisky is withdrawn the distillers go to the sheriff of the" county and certify to the amount takenjout and pay tax accordinglyx m YfcONE WHEATLESS MEAL EACHA large barn on the place of WillGay, near Winchester, was destroyed by fire at .an early hour Saturday morning, the blaze originatingfrom an unknown cause. The barncontained about 50 tons of alfalfahay, about 600 bushels of rye andsome farming machinery, the lossamounting to more than $4,000.PS &a a - -Fire, Wind and LightningInsurance.Thomas, Woodford & Bryan.FOURTEEN VIOLATORS OF GAMELAWS ARRESTED.As a result of a still hunt madeby Deputy State Game Warden BushBishop, of Paris, through Harrison,urant, Owen and Pendleton counties last week, fourteen personscharged with violating the gamelaws, were placed under arrest.One of the partie arrested inGrant county was, upon convictionsecured by evidence presented byWarden Bishop fined $22.50 andcosts. The trials of other partie3caught in the dragnet will be heldthis week.BSS H3 J53MEN WANTED.,Harness and saddle and collar cutters, wax thread machine operators,harness makers. Men having experienced in custom shop can soon learnour methods of cutting. Good wagesand six months' work. Good boardcan be had for $5 and up. No labortrouble and open shop. Railroadfare advanced to men furnishingreferences. The Perkins CampbellCo., 622 Broadway, Cincinnati, O.(9-4t)more than four milliongoers in the United States and Canada, will open at the Alamo Theatre and the Paris Grand this afternoon and to-night.As a legitimate stage production,"Within the Law' was a popularattraction and financial success thati?as made it a high-water mark allproducers have been seeking toreach since Selwin & Company demonstrated that more than two million dollars could be forced intotheatre box offices through just oneplay."Within the Law" really is a portrayal of the life of Mary Turner,"the world's most famous department store girl," but before she wassent to prison and rollowing her release. It is a wonderful story anda wonderful play, , worthy of everydollar already paid into the box effices and worthy of the same amountagain as the screen version byGreater Vitagraph will prove.13 P21COST OF TYPEWRITING PAPERSIMPLIFIES LAW.Excessive cost of typewriting paper, is simplifying district courtcases.Inspection of the complaints andlegal notices shows that Virginiaattorneys have agreed to save pa-isingle spaced instead of doublespaced, which saves about half thepaper formerly used. Also the attorneys are cutting out the superfluous clauses and exhaustive allegations. The "whys," "wherefores," and "what fores" are getting slashed and the complaintsnow are cut as short as legal procedure will allow. ""Typewriting paper is one-half acent a sheet, that's why," explained Attorney S. S. Dahl.The Reliable StoreReadjustment Saletr-Suits, Coats and Dresses!We have gone carefully over our stockand readjusted the prices on our entireline of the above, allowing a mostLIBERAL PRICE REDUCTIONon all garments id compensate youfor the lateness of your purchase.REMEMBERThis means our entire stock of Coats,Suits and Dresses, and not a few cheapshowy Coats bought for specials.ALL CHILDREN' COATSHAVE BEEN RE-MARKEDFound.On the streets of Paris, an officialenvelope containing some- legal papears, bearing the name of Margaret Shepherd, bank checks onMillersburg Exchange Bank, postalcards, etc. Owner can have sameby calling at THE NEWS office,proving property and paying for advertising.Free Dirt.I have a quantity of good dirt,free of rock. Will make good filler.Free' for the hauling. Excavatingon Winchester street, next to J.Hal Woodford. Call at once if youwant any.(2t(-pd) - J. S. OWENS.WflRGOLEN'SSPECIALSFor This Week4MjMany of to 2 to years old Coats markedone-third to one-half off original price.EXTRA SPECIAL200 olmerican Lady CorsetsTo close out at ONE-HALF theoriginal price.$1.00 Corsets, 50c75 CREPE WAISTS, SPECIAL AT $1.95The QUALITY as Usual, None on Approval.FRANK C& CO.mii 1 1 1 t i ,.... . . Tt , 1 1 m t n t n m m r 1 1 IM MMany who have signed the foodpledge seem to have gotten a wrongimpression in regard to what theyare asked to do. The home cardasks that in all private homes theyhave at least one wheatless mealevery day.Many have the impression thatthey are to have one wheatless dayeach week. This confusion hasprobably arisen from the fact thathotels, restaurants and boardinghouses are asked to have a wheatless day. It is urged that the ladiesbecome familiar with their homecards, and follow the prescribedrules.NEW AUTO OWNERS.The following Bourbon countypeople have recently become ownersof new machines, with "license applied for" applications filed in theoffice of Commissioner of Motor Vehicles Byars at Frankfort:Emmett Dickson, Paris, Paige; J.H. Holt, Paris, Dodge; ElizabethReynolds, Paris, Maxwell; G. H.Howard, Paris, Maxwell; Ora Feeback, Paris, Hupmobile; E. D. Prebble, Paris, Ford; Raymond Mclntyre, Paris, Ford; O. H. Rice, Paris,Ford; J. R. Blackburn, Paris, Ford.! fe"COLD CHECK" MAN . MAKESCHECKS GOOD.MEATSBeef PorkLamb VealOYSTERS:sLow. Prices on All MeatsThis Week.MflRGOLEN'SSanitary Meat MarketJ. D. DeAtley, ofKEEP DOWNThe High Cost of Living.WANTED !Every Automobile OwnerIn Bourbon CountyTo Have the Advantage of Our!sCarlisle, who Best Matches, 'full count,"per box , 5cNew Pan Cake Flourper packageLenox Soap, per bar. . .TIREDEPARTMENT10c..5cioi i &" BIRTHS. -a.To the wife of Mr.Frank Johnson, raiding aar Little Jtoctf, asoft. .. ..i . . .-..has-been "wanted" by the Paris palice -on a charge of issuing badchecks, was arrested in Maysville byratrblman Bloomfieid, and held forthe Paris authorities. DeAtley paidthe amount of the checks and courtcosts and was released. He ;was alsoreleased on similar- charges prefer- j Early June Peas, per can. . 15cred by Maysville people by squaringupv and handing over the money. Tomatoes, per can 1 5cSugar Corn, per can 1 5cCorn Flakes, per pkg 1 0c'A DRY CANDIDATE."Under the above caption the Danville .Messenger prints the followingpertinent paragraph:"Hon. Claude Thomas, of Bourboncounty, is the dry candidate forSpeaker of the next House at Prankfort. Now let's see how 'dry' allour dry friends are going to be.".w w mDOGS RAID SHEEP.tSheep-killing curs made a rawlast week 'on a flock of sheeD he-longing to4 Mr. Charles Doyle, onthe Gergetown pike, killing 14,besides injuring several others. Theinjured himals were afterwia1 Try OurFrench Breakfast1' Coffeet a sure delight, at25c a Pound.Bring your old tires to us andhaye your work done by an expertwho has had years of experiencebuilding tires. Come and see foryourself. . " '$ :BusyReeCashStoreWe Do Re-Treading andVulcanizing of All KindsC. S, BALL QARAQEkL " -jjfc i JP.fTUESDAY, NOVEMBER 20, 1917.THE BOURBON NEWSfPARIS, KY,"NCfKFOR THE BESTNOTHING ELSELADIES, SPECIALNOTICE.If you would like toexperience tine satisfaction that comesthrough being properly corseted, call atW. Ed Tucker's storeThursdayand Friday,November 22nd and23rd, and be fitted ina "Gossard" by MissIVfeyers, an experienced corsetiere.IS 1 TSTHE WEATHER.The weather forecast for weekbeginning Sunday, Nov. 18, as sentout by the Weather Bureau at"Washington is as follows:For Ohio Valley and Tennessee:Fair, although somewhat unsettledin Tennessee and lower Ohio Valley.Some slight probability of rain byend of week. No decided temperature changes.15 fe B3MANGLED IN SHREDDER.Win. Grimes, colored, employed byStuart & O'Brien, died in the hospital in Jeffersontown, Ky., lastweek as the result of an accidentsustained while feeding a cornshredder. He became entangled insome way and was carried into themachine, both legs being cut offnear the hips. The body wasbrought to Paris and interred in theParis colored cemetery.la fe laPARIS FIRM GETS JUDGMENT INLINCOLN COURT.SOCIAL AND PERSONAL.Comings and Goings of OurPeople Here, There andElsewhere.In 'the Lincoln Circuit Court a.Stanford last week E. F. Spears &Sons, of Paris, were given a judgment for $500 and costs against J.T. Livingston, of that county, on ahemp contract.Spears & Sons sued Mr. Livingston for $600. The charge wasmade that Mr. Livingston contracted his hemp to Spears & Sons, andthen sold it to another buyer. Livingston contended that the contractwas a faulty one and that he did notfeel bound to stand by it.BOYS' MACKTNAWff.Belted models in many new patterns $6, $7.50 and $8.50.J. W. DAVIS & CO.ELOCUTIONARY ENTERTAINMENT.Miss Virginia Slade, reader andentertainer, .will, give -an,- entertainment at the Old Union church, Saturday nigM, at 7:30 o'clock. Afterthe entertainment there will be asocial session in which all theguests are invited to meet one an-,other in a social way.Oysters will be served in severaldifferent styles, all good and guaranteed to please the palate. Theproceeds of this entertainment willbe used to make needed repairs onthe churcli. A small admission feetwenty-five cents for adults and fifteen cents for children will becharged.12a TSOYSTERS AND PISH.Order your fish, and oysters fromus. Best Baltimore oysters freshevery day. Reelfoot Lake fish, received every other day.MARGOLEN'S SANITARY MEATMARKET. (18-2t)i taWARNING TO PUBLIC! .Owing to necessary repairs having to be made, the big tower bellon top of the Paris Fire Department will be out of commission fora day or two. In case of fire, usethe nearest telephone and call No.13, either phone, giving location ofhouse, street and closest alarm box,if you happen to know the number.The fire' department will respond atonce.The public is asked to govern,itself according to these circumstances and each citizen is urged touse the telephone for calling the firedepartment.TSi JHI isARE YOU A MEMBER?If you are not a member of theBourbon Building & Loan Association we hope that some good friendof yours from among our numberwill discover the fact and show you,by citing his own experience, howmuch you can profit by taking outshares with us.Our shares will he ready for saleSaturday, December 1. How manydo you want?WILL S. ARNSPARGER,(18-2t) Secretary.U. D. C. MEETING.Mrs. Thomas A. McDonald, recently elected president of the Richard Ha- o- iapter, United Daughters of Confederacy, presided at themeeting of that organization, heldin the Confederate room in theourt house Saturday afternoon.The meeting, was a very interesting one in several ways. The rennoct fnr donations of preserves,canned tomatoes, etc., for the veterans at the Confederate Home atPewee Valley met with a generousresponse. A large number of contributions were received, all ofwhich will be shipped to the Homethis week. Mrs. H. H. Hancock,treasurer, presented a comprehensive report, showing the dispositionof the funds coming into her hands.a good balance being in bank to thecredit of the Chapter, which is in aflouriskimg Anaaeial condition. Atthe ooftelUMOft of tne Dimness meeting ihtmmbr eptfoye a socialhour.SMrs. Louis Saloshin and daughter, Miss Macie Saloshin, are guestsof relatives in Cincinnati.Miss Flora Wingate, of Frankfort, is a guest of her sister, MrsRobert Cain.Mrs. Henry J .Grosche has returned from a visit to her father,Mr. S. S. Brown, in Detroit, Mich. Mrs- Nannie Ashbrook, of Lexington, is a guest of her daughterMrs. Thomas Allen, on Duncan ave'uue.Miss Elizabeth Clay Alexander, of Cincinnati, is a guest of1 MrCharlton Clay, at "Marchmont,"near Paris. -Rrs. R. F. Clendenin, Mrs. J. WBacon and Miss Clara Bacon werelecent guests of Mrs. Everett Peterson, in Cynthiana.Danville Messenger: "Dr RR. McMillan, of Paris, has beenspending a few days in Danvillewith Dr. W. S. Johnson."Mrs. Wm. R. Stipp has returned to her home near Paris, after avisit to her parents, Mr. and MrsJ. S. Boone, in Frankfort.Miss Margaret Calvert, of nearFans, has gone to Greenville, SouthCarolina, where she has accepted aposition in the Public Schools asteacher.Mr. Henry T. Hopkins andfamily, of Demopolis, Alabama,have returned to their home after avisit to Mr. Robert P. Hopkins andfamily, near Paris.Mrs. Stanhope Wiedemann andchildren have returned to theirhome near Paris after a visit to herparents, Mr. and Mrs. J. D. Purcell, in Lexington.Maysville Independent: "MrsFithian Faries, who has been visiting her mother. Mrs. inh-n smifiof Forest avenue, has returned toner nome m Lexington."Mr. and Mrs. David B. Joseph,ho hae been making their homein Paris, will move this week toAvondale, near Cincinnati, wherethey will go to housekeeping.A marriage license was issuedSaturday from the County Clerk'soffice, in Lexington, to Mr. GrantMorris, farmer, and Mrs. MatildaMartin, both of Bourbon county.Mr. Ollie Turner, who has beena typhoid fever patient at the Massie Memorial Hospital, in this city,for several days, has' been removedto the home of his mother, Mrs. JM. Turner.Mr. and Mrs. Oliver Mann andattractive little daughter, MaryCarter Mann, of Hyde Park, nearCincinnati, are guests of Mr. andMrs. Carter N. Martin, on SouthMain street.Mr. and Mrs. Edward Faulkner and Miss Irene Lenihan attended the funeral and burial of MrOtis Ballou, at Versailles, Sunday!Mr. Ballou was a resident of Parisfor several months.Mr. and Mrs. J. Sims Wilsonand children will leave this weekfor Pensacola, Oklahoma, to remainuntil next spring. Their daughter,Miss Nancy Barbee -Wilson, will. remain at Margaret College, Versailles. Miss Helen Piper, of Parson,Kansas, is visiting her mother, Mrs.Elizabeth Piper, and Dr. and Mrs.R. D. Wleaver, in North Middletown. Miss Piper came here fromNew York, where she had been aguest of friends.Coujier- Journal: "Mrs. NatHay, of Paris, after spending sometime at the Cortlandt with hercousin, Mrs. Laura Young Franklin,has gone to Morganfield, where sheis -visiting Mrs. Franklin and herfather, the Rev., Dr. J. T. Young."Prof. Charles M. Schultz, ofNicholasville, is a guest of Mr. andMrs. Fred Weckesser. Mr. Schultzlived in Paris many years, and ispleasantly remembered by the oldergeneration of Paris citizens as alovable gentleman of the old school.Mr. C. O. Hinton, of Paris, whois now engaged in Y. M. C. A. educational work at Camp ZacharyTaylor, near Louisville, was one ofthe principal speakers at a massmeeting held in Carlsile, Sunday afternoon, in the interest of the Y. M.C. A. army campaign work.The Kentucky Wellesley Clubwill give a luncheon to-morrow atthe Hotel Henry Watterson, in Louisville. Preceding the luncheonthere will be the business meeting.Mrs. Robert Winn, of Mt. Sterling,the President, will preside. Pariswill-be represented by Miss MaryFithian Hutchcraft.The Frankfort State Journalsays: "Miss Anita Thomas andMiss Alice Hunter, of Chicago, wereguests at a dinner which Mr. andMrs. J. Miller Ward, of Paris, gaverecently in honor of their son,Lieut. Clay Ward, who is stationedat Ft. Oglethorpe, Georgia, and whowas at home for a week-end visit."Dr. and Mrs. H. H. Roberts, ofFoland, Maine, former residents ofParis, are guests of relatives in Lexington. Before returning to Polandthey will visit friends and relativesin Georgetown, Paris and Walton.Dr. and Mrs. Roberts have been visiting at Atlantic City for severalweeks.Maysville Bulletin: "Mr. andMrs. Albert Hinton and Mrs. L.Crosby, of Paris, were, guests several days the past week of Mr. andMrs. Ross Owens, on Third street.... Mr. James Gildea has returnedfrom Paris, where he was best manat the marriage of Miss Mary Gil-more to Mr. James McHugh."Mr. James Adair, of near Mayslick, Mason county, who has beenseriously ill for several days, is reported as being in a fair way torecovery. Mr. Adair is a formerBourbon county boy, and has manyfriends here and in the county, whoearnestly wish his recovery may berapid and permanentMr. Sherman Hi Stivers camedown from Lexington, ' yesterday,where he has bem recuperatingif torn a rect severe illneee; to seehis aunt, Mm Lou Settle, who re'maim very ill.-- lfr..8ttnfe;Wajkrouno. renewing n;Hutcw-T .aumeeting old friends. He will take athorough rest before taking theroad again.Mrs; Sarah Short Barnes, ofKansas City, Mo., is a guest offriends in Paris.Mrs. Frank O'Neill has concluded a pleasant visit to her son, Mr.Wm. O'Neill and Mrs. O'Neill, atDayton, Ohio.Mr. and Mrs. Fred Wolcott,have returned to their home in Winchester, after a visit to the familyof Mr. and Mrs. T. T. Templin.The following invitation hasbeen received:"You are invited to visit my farmon the Paris and North Middletownpike, four miles from Paris, Tuesday, November twenty-seventh,nineteen hundred and seventeen, ateleven o'clock a. m., to inspect a loadof fat cattle I am preparing to shipto the Chicago market. Lunch."Henry S. Caywood."a "P "EASY TO OWN YOUR HOME.Our system of loans is designed tomake home-owning a matter withinthe reach of everyone, and we feelthat we have made this an accomplished fact, for no less than threehundred people here in Paris arehome-owners because the BourbonBuilding & Loan Association affordsthem an easy way to own theirhomes. You can begin Saturday,December, 1, to own your home, ifyou will.WILL S. ARNSPARGER,(18-2t) Secretary.Ea Ea EsADDED ATTRACTION AT ALAMOAND THE GRAND.As an added attraction for theAlamo Theatre and the Paris Grand,Manager Fred Erd has securedFrederick Mackmurray, a notedviolin virtuoso, who will play violin solos "between the pictures" ateach performance.Mr. Macmurray is an artistic violinist and composer, who has beenbefore the public for many years,and whose genius has received theunqualified praise of the press andmusical critics all over the country. Mr. MacMurray will play solos ateach performance and there willbe no increase in admission prices.1"3 l""a feWE'VE CUT A BIG CHEESE 'SPECIAL SALETry a pound of the big 300pound cheese we've just cut 35cents the pound.(It) C. P. COOK & CO.fe 1 teFOR THE -FRENCH ORPHANS.Anyone desiring to assist in thework of sewiner or knittinsr for theFrench war orphans, or who wouldcare to contribute funds or suppliesfor the purpose are requested to callon Mrs. Thomas Henry Clay, Sr., alNo. 116 Pleasant street.Mrs. Clay will be glad to conferwith any applicants in regard tothe work, which has for its objectthe making of clothes and suppliesfor the "war babies"' in France.THE PAIRTHESE SPECIALSFOR FRIDAY ANDSATURDAYWillow Lunch Baskets. ... 1 9cIndividual Glass Handled"Sugar Bowls 4-CGlazed Cuspidors 1 OcMen's Gauntlet WorkGloves .'. ......15cRubber Erasers 1cExtra Heavy Bath TubSoap Dishes 1 5cPure Aluminum MuffinPans. 49cFine P'ated Crumb Trayand Brush to Match 25cGray Enameled Dairy Pans2 and 3 qt. sizes, choice.. 1 0cPudding Pans, pure white,3qt. size 15cTHE FAIRWilmoth'sSalt-RisingBread!Angel FoodCake!Don't That"Listen! Good?"WILMO.THGrocery Co. .v Phone 36 -V 'mwfStarts Tuesday, Nov. 20Ends Wednesday, Nov. 28'mcricaBoyjotcs ASHTT T 111 II WfrJl j?25?U1U fmSJL'NO APPROVALS "AS"0"Starting Tuesday, November 20th, and up until Wednesday, November 28,we are going to offer a selling of Boys' Suits at prices that are unusual at thistime of the year. But we are doing it to get acquainted with more boys in Paris.You mothers can depend on our Boys' Clothes during hardest play time to relieveyou of mending and button sewing worries. You can be sure no boy in townwears smarter styles than you, for style is the keynote of these good clothes.We are very fortunate in being able to offer these values, and you are luckyindeed if you buy them.(A Purchase Means A BigCauinor At TIiaoa Drirac IThe patterns and styles are all new and they are made to wear the rough-and-readyboys. Come early, bring the boy and pick from a good selection.$4.00 SuitsCUT TO$5.00 Suits,. CUT TO .$6.50 SuitsCUT TO$3.20$4.00$5.20$J2.50 SuitsCUT TO$7.50 Suits flftCUT TO 3UUU$8;50 Suits onCUT TO $UOU$10,00 Suits 0Q AftCUT TO ""$10.00Knox Hats-Hart Schafner & Marx Clothes-Manhattan ShirtsR. P. WALSHMain and Seventh ONE PRICE STORE Paris, KentuckyJoin Our McDougall11 mm m i$1$1l A . 3V NIN.X IINff . X. -X. X. N.MOTOR HEARSEWe Have Only a Few Places Left !and $1.00 Per WeekPuts One In Your HomeAnd you get thebest Kitchen Cabinet made when youget theMcDougallLAnd the McDougallis the only KitchenCabinet made thathas theAUTODISAPPEARINGu -i rA033f.Ji J2 FRONTJust a Few Places Left!Join the Club To-day!1TflEJ.T.HINTOeO.tGT0R INVALID' CGACIt?I TkJIYI '!Vi A Viun '3J,1- 1THE BOURBON N1WS, PARIS, KY.UI8DAY, NOVEMBER 20, HIT.TAGE SIX",!BOYLE COUNTY TOBACCO SELLSTOR RECOKD PRICE.SALESMAN ATLOUISVILLE ISOUT FOR TANLAGMessrs. Frank Tamme and sons,1of Boyle county, who fornierly re-,sided on the Redmoiu pike, nearParis, sold their crop of tobacco last 'week to Mr. J. D. Baxter, of Mercer 'county, at the high price of thirty-,five cents per pound. This is thehighest price reported " this season,in fact, it is the highest price received for an entire crop by anygrower in many years.The Danville Messenger says:"They cultivate only an acreage'of tobacco each season that they cangive all the attention needed, handle tit carefully and always obtain top Jprices. Not only are Messrs. Tammerood farmers, thev are erood neighbors, good citizens, will go as far as street or floor on which I'd be standard nriA in nonnrnmnflatfi their friends ng would seem to rock," said Noeland all who know them will be de- BaSley "j GFF Louisville, asalesman lor me j. j. Auauis wm-Dizziness This Kentuckian Had Is1 Gone Since Tanlac Bettered Health."I used to get so dizzy that thelighted to know they sold their tobacco for the record breaking price."You Don't Have toStoopIf You Use aGarlandCabinetRangepany for the last two years."That was before 1 took Tanlac.My stomach was out of order andthe dizziness would be more severejust after eating. I'd have a burning feeling in my stomach, too.Meat or any other kind of food thatwas greasy would just make mystomach burn like fire. Food disagreed with me so that I scarcelyknew what to eat."I tried several medicines, butj nothing helped me much until I tookTanlac. I certainly have improvedI, ,q , i 7 iIIHHBHHiHilBii!1since taking this medicine. It wa3(not long until my stomach startedj getting better and now it's in fine(shape. The dizziness I used to have; ia all gone, too,"1 If you are not feeling right, getTanlac to-day. Tanlac has improvedthe health of thousands of weakenedmen and women, and it will do foryou what it has done for others.You can get Tanlac at G, S.xVarden & Son's. " (adv)"- te te teWomen don't seem to care muchI' what the fashion is so long as it is'conceded to be the fashion.HEAVENS! JUST LISTEN HOWTHIS READS! .Cranberry sauce as a part of theThanksgiving day dinner menu isfrowned upon by members of the NewYork Food Conservation Commissionwho say the elimination of this timehonored adjunct to the customaryThanksgiving spread would assist insolving the present sugar shortageproblem. The large amount of sugarrequired to sweeten cranberries isurged by members of the commissionas a reason for the elimination of thesauce from the list of Thanksgivingdelicacies.Just think, you Kentuckians inNew York City, what a Thanksgivingdinner would be "back home" without cranberry sauce! Might as welltry to eliminate the dinner itself.Might work in New York, but not"back home.13 13 feTHE OLD VETERANS UKE TWO-MEALS-A-DAY,Ea lea mA btautlful line of Garlands on dlfrlay. Coma In and look thorn ovtr. IParis Gas & Electric Co.(Incorporated) 1$100 REWARD $100The readers of this paper will bepleased to learn that there is at leastone dread disease that science hasbeen able to cure in all its stages andthat is catarrh. Catarrh being greatly influenced by constitutional conditions requires constitutional treatment. Hall's Catarrh Medicine istaken internally and acts throughthe blood on the Mucous Surfaces ofthe System thereby destroying thefoundation of the disease, giving thepatient strength by building up theconstitution and assisting nature indoing its work. The proprietors havebo much faith in the curative powersof Hall's Catarrh Medicine that theyoffer One Hundred Dollars for anycase that it fails to cure. Send forlist of testimonials.Address F. J. CHENEY & CO.,Toledo, Ohio. Sold by all Druggists,75 cents.(nov-addv)According to a report from a committee of the U. D. C. appointed toinvestigate the two-meal-a-day program at the Confederate Veteran'sHome, Pewee Valley, the veteransare well content with the change,are suffering no hardship and arcimproving in ' appearance. Whileonly two meals are served, if the veterans get hungry they have accesstc bread and milk. The high cost ofliving made the change necessary;5400 a month is saved by omittingone meal a day.AN OLD MAN'S STOMACH.iAs we grow older and less active,less and Jess fpod is required to meetw AnXa nf riu bodies. If toomuch is habitually taken, the stomach will rebel. When a man reachesthe advanced age of 85 or 90j youwill find that he is a light eater.Be as careful as you will, however,vou will occasionally eat more thanyou should and will feel the need of JChamberlain's Taoiets to correct tnadisorder. Thesq tablets do pot contain peg'sln, Hut strengthen the stomach and enable it to perform its functions naturally. They also cause agentle movement of the bowels.(nov-addv)fe IS ISThe poorest way in the world toget along is to neglect the littletasks you have to do because youknow you're capable of doing thebigger things.A IS lOtCERTAIN CURE TOR CROUPMrs. Rose Middleton, of Greenville,111., has had experience in the treatment of this disease. She says,"When my children were small myson had croup frequently. Chamberlain's Cough Remedy always brokeup these attacks immediately and Iwas never without it in the house.I have taken it myself for coughsand colds with good results.(nov-addv)j. 'mW( MastBcau&ia- UAUmT - w"SI ,jjfc " ?!iTHEINDEPENDENTTobacco Warehouse Company(Incorporated)PARIS, KENTUCKYAnnouncingTheSaleBig OpeningTuesday, December 4,191 7Sale Starts at 9 A. MAll Commissions On Our Opening SaleWill Be Donated to the FollowingGood Causes:ONE-HALF to "Our Boys in France Tobacco Fund."ONE-FOURTH to "The Health and Welfare League."ONE-FOUSTH to 'The American Red Cross," the localChapter to get the credit for same.In Addition to the Above we will sell free of commission all tobacco donated to "Our Boys in France TobaccoFund" by the growers either one, two or three sticks, or as manysticks as they care to donate to the good cause:KThis is going to be a big year for the growers of tobacco, and it will be ouraim to see that alhtobacco sold over our breaks brings top price. Sell, yourtobacco with the house that made competition and big prices.The Independent Tobacco Warehouse Co.(Incorporated.) vPARIS, KENTUCKYWE FIRMLY believe that Self-Respect, Comfort andEnduring Satisfaction have an actual market value.So we build these things into our product.We take just a little more time just a little more care inselecting materials just a little more pride in our work.And the result is a real motor car not a makeshiftorcompromise.Unless we are greatly mistaken, the Paige "Six'39" is just thekind of car that you want. It costs $1330 and it is worthevery penny of the price.Essex "Six-55" 7-passenger $1775; Coupe "Six-55" 4-passenger$2850; Town Car "Six-55 ' 7-passenger $3230; Limousine "Si.-55"7-passenger$3230; Sedan "Six-55" 7-passenger $2850.Brooklands"4-passenger $1795; Linwood "Six-39" 5-passenger S1330; Glendale "Six-39" Chummv Roadster $1330. Dartmoor "Six-39" 2or 3-passenger $1330; Sedan VSix-39" 5-passenger $1925.All Prices f. o. b. Detroit.PAIGE-DETROIT MOTOR CAR COMPANY, DETROIT, MICH.TVV 93. t 1ai.iu.F. P. WHITEWith Dlclcersoti &. Douglas Garage, 4th and Hie la Sts.. ParlSERVICE STATIONLl!n li F ,rlaL wV ltel .- . r j Hh'ff ' .x r 'lr rrfl T I) "r fj TfceBonpbon ITobacco Warehouse Co.3! '(Incorporated) p1 ANNOUNCES 'FIRST SALEiTUESDAY.DEC, 4.1917"AT NINE O'CLOCK A. M.Open to Receive Tobacco December 1stFirst Day's Commissions Divided:One-Third to Red CrossOne-Third to "Boys in France Tobacco Fund"One-Third to Health and Welfare League"Boar bonTobacco Warehouse Co.(Incorporated.)J. T. COLLINS, Manager,rafwwnrasEtfnPILES! PILES! PILES!WILLIAMS' INDIAN PILE OINTMENTWill cure Blind, Bleeding and Itching iiles.It abeorbtftke tumors, allays itching at once,acta , poultice, gives instant relief.For sale by All druggists, nail We.and flXJtWIOUS MPCCQ;, rrfClevilaiii, OfcitBK9HLrHmzMHMBJBiA LegaHy GUARANTEED CUREr ""u'ST5r i-egai uuarantee Bona." Hotr mnwr I1V1an jyou afford to take chanccs.afirafast hog- cholera ifcI2when you can get this remedy on sucH trms?, n,UflOC'ai i i liSni "J-JT 7"- i wtokimmah,.-'. : 1f'tillr tttt&lptxVtei iu HX VnrR r' CT Mlpf a J0 XtxuttofLvX ' VTk. A-' ..-" s'af-VTi ., -c -SOBIRDORFERt The Drvflst-"..1EVERY FOOT IN THE OIL SANDSMeans One Cent Rise in Stock!Mr. Chas. Wilmoth, VicePresident of the Company,accompanied by Mr. H. S.Joseph, a stockholder, hasjust returned. Read whatMr. Joseph has to sayabout our Erie, Kansas,field:"For a steady producing field,I have never seen a more promising oil country than the Erieand Chanute, Kansas. Whilethere early in November, a finewell came in across the road fromyour Cornwall lease at 499 feetand there is now no question ofthe productivity of not only thislease, but also your Phelps leaseadjoining.' 'IiJTHEMID-WESTLIBERTY6lL dO. Inc.WATCH THE CLOCK!4F"VTA 1 " .X.A. iX-SOAR" HH FA i00"Were You Ever Offered the OPPORTUNITYto Invest Your Money with MoreRepresentative Men?S. E. Kerr, Ex-County Clerk, Taylor County, Campbellsvill, ky.W- C. Bell, Farmer, Paris, Ky.Wilmoth Bros., Grocers, Paris, Ky.Thomas Wilmoth, B. & O. R. R,, Paris, Ky.Joseph Lippman, Ex-U. S. Dist. Attorney, Salt Lake City, UtahJohn ML Hays, Asst. Sec'y Utah Copper Co., Salt Lake City, UtahHarry S. Joseph, Mining Engineer, Ex-Speaker Utah House ofRepresentatives, Salt Lake City, UtahD. L. Wertheimer, Gen'l Manager, Kahn Bros. Grocery Co., SaltLake City, UtahS. S. Pond, Mine Operator, Salt Lake City, UtahHarold Peery, President Preston Milling Co., Preston, IdahoWith these men and other satisfied stockholders from your own town, you may be sure that everythingconnected with this Company will be open and honorable, aggressive and strong your interests and everybody else's will be fully protected. (That is the big thing to know when you go into any oil or other investment proposition.Now is the time to send in that order for the stock at the price as will be indicated by the dial as theeagle soars so will the stock, as the oil sands are penetrated.Taylor county is destined, unless all signs fail, to be one of the banner OIL AND GAS counties of theState of Kentucky. WILLIAM CLEMENT LEONARD, well-known Geologist and Efficiency Expert of 3536Broadway, N. Y., has passed an opinion favorably.DRILLS ON THE GROUND ATi Geo. Van Dyke's Farm, NearMannsville, KentuckySEE IT WORKTHE MID-WEST LIBERTY OIL COMPANY owning a large acreage OIL and GAS Leases in Taylorand other counties, 1782 acres Erie and Chanue, Kan., Field 350 acres within mile of large productionin that field, and incorporated under the laws of Kentucky, under the direction of JUDGE DUNDON, GeneralCounsel of Paris, Ky., has ONE MILLION SHARES (1,000,000) of whichTHREE HUNDRED THOUSAND SHARESwere subscribed to and paid by the above named gentlemen, and left about SIX HUNDER AND PEFTYTHOUSAND SHARES of TREASURY STOCK to be used for development purposes.This is a straight forward business proposition, and all money secured through sale of stock will be usedfor development purposes of the above-named property, and any others we may secure.Liberty Bonds Good As GoldMail or bring your certificate or receipt, or order on .your Bank for your LIBERTY BOND and a certifiicate of the MED-WEST LIBERTY OIL CO. STOCK at fifteen cents (15c) per share NOW, will be immediately mailed you for the amount of your bond.. (Tear off here and mail after filling out this blank.)TO TH0S. WILMOTH, Paris, Ky.I hereby Subscribe for shares of the Capital Stock of THE MID-WEST LIBERTY OILCO., a corporation of Kentucky, for which I enclose $ ." in full payment thereof, atITFTEEN CENTS (15c) per share. vNameOccupationStreet or R. F. D 7 ., BoxTown State19 The Taylor county wellis now 140 feet deep inblack oil shale, and a fewmore days should bringin the oil sands in boththe carniferous and theClinton formation. TheCompany has purchased alarge drilling machine andfull equipment, which will'be delivered in the nextfew weeks.-T, " ' -rTHEMID-WESTLIBERTYOIL CO. Inc.I-v-v,- v.W. C. BELL, PresidentTH0S. WILMOTH, Secretary and Treasureri.14vVl-5kjf i-t 1 v ') -"iT$E BOURBON NEWS, PARIS, KY.TUJWDAY, NQVBMBE 2f, 1117.-IHIIIIIlHlUlttHmHIHlMM'mtHIIIIICS? THE PARIS GRAND AND ALAMOios aoflTTuesday, November 20Vitagraph Company PresentsALICE JOYCEandHARRY MOREYin the most sensational play of this century"WITHIN THE LAW'yWednesday, November 21Jesse L. Lasky PresentsJACK PICKFORDandLOUISE HUFFThursday, November 22Louise Glaum(The Vampire) in"THE STRANGETRANSGRESSOR"i1mThe J. T. Hinton Co.UNDERTAKERSAND MMBALMMRSParis Kv.Mainand Si k tilStreetsDay phone 36Night r . . 56or Home 286Motor equipment.Ambulance calls promptly attended to withLimousine Invalid Coach.Hearse used for funeral purposes only.our4"!' Il4,"IX"Il''2,I''X',I"It4t'l'C3l'2fl'lI"I',IMI"IfoMILLERSBURG,Mr. G. W. Judy, of Lexington,was here Saturday.Eld. C. 0. Cossaboom left yeierday for a visit to relatives inMorgan, Ky.Mr. E. W,. Amiiirrman, of Leb--anon, was here onFriday until to-day.Mrs. Sarah Wright, of Maysvino, is the guest of her daughter,Mr C. C. Chanslor.- Mrs. TV. M. Miller was the guestof Mrs. Harry Renick, at Lexington,Thursday and Friday.Mr. J. H. Burroughs and familywere guests of Mr. and Mrs. Stevensat Cynthiana, Sunday.Mesdames Belle Taylor andAnna Darnell and Mr. J. It. Longcontinue about the same.Mrs. R. L. Hardy and children,'MATRIMONIAL.Also the Eleventh Episode of"The Fighting Trai?99INiiThe Varmint"Also Bray's-Pictographs and Cartoons and a Klever Comedy.graphicTriangle-Ince production,story of a woman scorned.ThePOPULAR PLAYERS, in"His Thankless Job"Triangle comedy. Also a Keystone Comedy in two parts.PricesAt the Alamo Children 5c war tax lc; Adults 15c war tax 2c.At the Paris Grand! -Children 5c war tax lc; Adult 15c war tax 2c.Colored persons, v Lildren 5c war tax lc; Adults 10c- war tax lc.ORCHESTRAAlamoParis Grand..2 to S:307 to 10:30DEATHS.ALLISON McNEILL.The engagement is announcedof Miss Etta Allison, of Ewing, Ky.,and Mr. John R. McNeill, of Cincinnati. Miss Allison is a daughterbusiness from of Mr. J. M. Allison, formerly ofParis, and is a popular and talentedyoung woman. Mr. McNeill is engaged in business in Cincinnati.The marriage will take place atthe home of Mr. and Mrs. Thos.Higgins, on Seventh street, in Paris,on December 12. Mrs. Higgins is aniece of the bride-elect.CHENAULT THOMPSON.The Lexington correspondenceof the Sunday Courier-Journal has! the following interesting socialor i-ans, were guebu, uim ".; note regarding the approachingMrs. Dennis McMahan, from Satur- marriage of tw0 young society peo-day to Monday. J pje representing prominent familiesMr. J. A . lai'Ke and Mr.!; "Rmirhrm n-nr TTairotfa nnimtioe-Clarke Jones each purchased farmsjiear Bloomfield, last week, at pricesnot made public,"Probably the most-talked-ofevent in Lexington society duringthe past week has been the an-Mesdames Chas. Bacon and Da-' .,.,, pn?fl?(iniPTit nf Mice SnmTirius Baldwin have returned to their chenault, youngest daughter of Mr.tomes in Maysville after a few rays , and Mrs Overton Chenault, to Mr.visit to Mrs. E. H.Kerr. j James W. Thompson, of BourbonMr. G W. Clifford and family county Both young people arewere called to Dayton, 0 Friday , Avidely kn0wn throughout the Blueon account of the critical illness of ss and in Easrn college circles,his daughter Mrs Clifford Lee. and though they have been quite at.Miss Alethea Wilson will give a (entive to ach other for a longreading at Leesburg on Thanksgiv- Ume the announcement came as aing evening, Nov. 29, under the .surprise to most of their friends.auspices 01 tue xeu uuSS ouoi.. "Miss Chenault was educated inNpw England and at a finishingschool in Washington, and Mr.Thompson spent his college days atthe University of Virginia and Yale.They will be married in Lexingtonon December 8."5 5S ISCAN HELP."Mrs. A. P. Lang and son, otCincinnati, are guests of Mr. Langat the home of Mr. and Mrs. Dennis McMahan. Mr. Lang is plumber for the A. S. Best Hardware Co.Union services were held Sunday night at the Presbyterian ichurch. There will be a union pray-1cr meeting Wednesday at seven p.m. at the Presbyterian church. ."HOW OPERATORSThe ladies of the Baptist'tfmitih. will hold their annual "Telephone operators can lenderChristmas Bazar, consisting of eat- valuable service to the governmentables and a line of fancy work and in time of war by making- rapid anduseful articles, on Saturday, Dec. thorough connections in their work,1st. I particularly when messages pertainMrs. Anna Makensom, has re- to military affairs," said Sergeantturned to her home at Morgan, af- Frank Burnside, U. S. A., to someter a week's visit to her niece, Mrs. twenty-five switchboard operators inC. O. Cossaboom. She was accom- Omaha, Neb.panied home by Mr. Cossaboom and ' Sergeant Burnside gave the girlslittle son, Master Chas. Ewing Cos- J on idea of daily army life, the treatsaboom. ment of the men and the ' generalThe Army Y. M. C. A. cam- t things that go to make up the ex-paign closed "with Millersburg do- perience of a soldier. He related aing her part nobly. We were as- number of personal experiences andsessed ?800 and raised more than complimented the Japanese, bothSI 000 All persons who have not men and women, as being the mostpaid their subscriptions for same patriotic people with whom he ever-will do so at the Farmers' Bank at. came in contact.once The meeting was arranged by Mrs." JT. R, Rutlege, who is head of theMr. J. T. Judy has accepted a telephone Contingent of the generalposition as salesman in one of the division of the National League forprominent groceries of Cincinnati, Womens' Service. It was the first ofand entered on his duties Monday, the contingent meetings arranged forHis many friends wish him well in. practical instruction of women in,his new field of labor. Hiss family different lines of work,"will remain in Millersburg for thC; Modern warfare is carried on andpresent. t r preparations niade therefor, almostDTTUTxr. oati- t mi ii ! exclusively by means of telephoneo 7a : I? u "" W1l s.ell.onland telegraph lines and it should beSaturday November 24, beginning remembered by the public users ofat 10 o clock, a. in., my entire the telephones that it is just as pafitock of livery outfit, comprising triotic to practice conservation inhorses buggies, wagons harness, . this line M other and useless tQetc. I will also sell at the same say that all Government matters222a USe an dA n Flith-come first, and that telephone comfttrteL Terms made known on dajpanles are striving to cope with theof sale. For further information, situation with onl a mimmumuii uu ui a-uuiei, ammint f rfolav t rh nnhlin Thj Telephone Engineer.CARRICK.The funeral of Mrs. Ellen AllenCarrick, aged eighty-five, who diedSaturday night at the home of hernephew, Mr. William Cantrill, nearJacksonville, was held at the Cantrill home yesterday afternoon, attwo o'clock, with services conductedby Rev. T. C. Stackhouse, of Lexington. The burial followed on thefamily lot in the Jacksonville Cemetery.Mrs. Carrick was one of the pio- jneer residents of that section of thecounty. Her death was due to theinfirmities of age. She is survivedby onev brother, Mr. Everett Allen,of Cynthiana, and several nephews,most of wrhom reside in Bourbonand Scott counties.The pall-bearers were MiltonAllen, Wright Allen, JVesta Allen,James P. Ammerman, George Cantrill and Edward Allen.S3STOCK, CROP, ETC.returned to the senders because ofinsufficient postage, and there is yetan occasional lapse, but, on thewhole, the business public has become used to the new order ofthings.Tl2 i liir TlinniBiiMHIi 1 Tii TWm ss mLiwom?Ezr:mmL. iwhiki smZcoZtf VzS'jRifim&MMmLi wiBrmJP'wMMMiiMmm- -t-i m MrmnLViim..wf7. -w bimjuii'' & mimmww.z&i.s wmmnmmm w . r jsr vu u wvmmtm frysv. -tj is w m m-Miiwi!iaLmrur,"' - r fK5?. A.'mTW - in m mv?i5 IVX' vSSi'" 'fffff5VM' A T W' 'azjSmtX'm,. l W jn- immm: tmm j ' Timmmvfr riy"IT i : " W l Yk Itaiotiis I "I :1HWe&&WEornodX-zSMdJtiQS L3JovcomDlcioS s jv-1 o4J&$ii SawUfci ..HERE'S a heap of joyin a ton of good coal.Your stove or furnacewon't have much troublefrom extracting comfortfrom a ton of coal if youbuy it from us. Our rapiddelivery will please you.Mr. John Marr, of near Milleisburg, purchased of Mark Brannon,of Nashville, Tenn., four yearlingmare mules, for $800.Mr. Louis Rogers, of CaneRidge, bought of John Brophy, onehundred barrels of corn in the field,at $6.25 per barrel for immediatelemoval by the purchaser.Mr. Catesby Woodford, of nearParis, has sold the fine bay colt,Tantalizer, 2, by Dick W.ells BethMiller, to Mr. J. C. Milam, of Lexington. The colt is a very promising one, and w.ill be developed byMr. Milam.Mr. Henry Williams, of Buffalo,111., purchased of Elmer B. Myers,of near Paris, four extra good jacks;from two to seven years old at pric-1es ranging trom $750 to ?l,25U.The animal were shipped to Mr.Williams' farm Tuesday.For the first time in many aday there was no racing last weekat any track in the United States.The .meeting at Pimlico,. Md., closedWednesday and the Bowie, Md., racing did not start until Monday..Usually there is racing at one, twoor three of the tracks in the UnitedStates, Mexico or Canada at alltimes of the year. Just how longit has been since there was no racemeet in progress at any track inNorth America would be difficult tostate.V9& ES J91W. C. DODSONSouth Main St.The Home of Good CoalKodak in CampFrom reveille to taps, each hour will bring somethingnew into the life of every young soldier. New surroundings, new habits, new faces and. new friendships Willmake for him a new world a world full of interest to himto-day and a world upon which he will often dwell inmemory when peace has come again. And this new worldof his offers Kodak opportunities that will relieve the tedium of camp routine at the time, and will afterwardprovide what will be to him and his friends the most interesting of all books his Kodak album. 'The parting gift, a Kodak. Let us show you.DAUGHERTV BROS.FIFTH AND MAIN STS.Mdfv n Tl t n n n : 1lZ aVSsr-- II 11 I II II 11 W .i SstSsh. FK K.N X: V.'I BgH i ii y W r. -gt ii $ ii i flkKENTUCKYTIONALTO GET VOCA-APPROPRIATIONELLIS D. BALDWIN,(20-2t) Millersburg, Ky.The next number of the Lyec"am Course will be given T'uesdayevening, Nov. 27. It will be a descriptive number in three parts. Oneof the scenes will present songs thatWre popular during the American.Civil War. Remember the course isunder the auspices of the Red Cross.The Red Cross Society has rented two rooms in Best Flats recently te feSAFETY LAW? HOLDER.A socket for electric lamps hasbeen put on the market whichmakes it impossible to steal electriclight bulbs, or to use the socket forany purpose which the owner doesnot intend. The new socket will bea blow to those who Tive in furnish-Iv vacated by Mr. &. w. Ammerman ed rooms and secrete an elertrio.and lamiiy. rney are -"W resumeFourteen States have been addedto the list qualified under the vocational educational act to receivefederal funds for the salaries ofteachers and for teachers' trainingactivities. They are Nevada, WescVirginia, Georgia, New Jersey, Kentucky, South Carolina, Tennessee,Oklahoma Delaware, Wisconsin,Louisiana, New Mexico and Virginia. Plans submitted by eachState for the use of 'federal allotments have been approved by theboard for vocational education.P3 m jBUSINESS HUSTLING ATPARIS POSTOFFICE.THEvards of material for same. ThelaAiee are all knitting in theirufcomes.Despite the increase in postage,the Paris postoffice is doing a bigbu&indss, aiifl the extra stamps "reQuired has not caused any appreciable decrease In the volume of business transacted at the dflice.On the other hand it would appear that the business has itiei'ase'dvery appreciably during the parftfew days, not only in receipts, butin the amount of mail handledand worked.One of the officials said: "Whilethe receipts would naturally be increased even .if the volume of business lessened, we were hardly expecting the new rates to prove sopopular that the volume of our business would be increased also. Butthat's just what has happenedBoth the . financial and workingends are much heavier than theywere a few days ago."The. official said that althoughconditions were in a turmoil tor aday or two after the new rates became effecetive, the people havenow become accustomed to payingthree cents to mail a letter, and twocents for a postal dard, andjretaking care to see that the propere is attacnea to eacn missiveThat Should Crowd OurStore All This Week!UP - fo-YHE- MINUTE MEN'S,WOMEN'S AND CHILDREN'SI SEASONABLE FOOTWEAR9Also Winter Boots, Felts Rubbers and House Slippers of AllKinds at Prices which Offer Great Savings to Our Customers5!At no store in Paris and its vicinity can you find such dependale footwear in the newest styles and at such wonderful savings. Our successful advance purchases, volume ofbusiness, low expenses and cash make these great' offerings to our customers possible.Ladies' Gun Metal Boots$1.99 and $2,49Ladies' Black EnglishBoots $2,99Ladies'Havana Brown jEn'-'-lish Boots...,,. $3,9Ladies' Black Kid High CutBoots, Louis or medium.heel 93.95Men's High Grade Russ.TanEnglish Shoes . . $3.49Men's Gun MetalShoes, buttonand lace $2.99Men's Tan WorkShoes..-. $2.49Men's Gun MetalShoes $ 1 .99TPn Ii J. .'-I' v !foster or an electric iron in thp. hnt-work as soon as their patterns for torn of their trunks to use when the ' Mt!fnpajamas and hospital shirts arrive landlady is asleep. The safety socket I wnrp HrnnnW if into h n W Ityi.w iisvq Y-an&ixrcn nnp innncanii i j n.i . i --- o -- - - - - - v. v. .j.xusj o. w.w ww ""- Js so maae inat you can screw in anv i? th firct fOW HorD Qff .nlamp or attachment plug, but once j cent btamps "went out' of style"removed. ine.injiTiv imnnrtnnf HnoiTioGC! ItiHaf'z. ..-.. ..r. w, UU.u-.w uwUin it can not be.socket only works one way.and personal communications were;Boys', Misses' and Children's High QualityShoes at Great Bargain Prices.222?DANParis! Greatest Shoe StoreCOHENWhere Beauty and Economy Reign::x5XHtmi ;S4