' -rr j - -tNEWS' ' " ,jv- - V' I -.- k ' - S.. , " - If '&?--PUBLISHED EVERY TUESDAY AND FRIDAY IN THE YEAR.VOLUME XXXVIIPARIS, BOURBON COUNTY, KENTUCKY, TUESDAY, NOVEMBER 13 1917" - i ' mmw i .tofe. ; i "JEBF aTHEBOURBON:HY.M. C. A. MASS MEETmG DRAWSBIG CROWD.Like the Liberty Loan mass meet-inheld recently at the court house,when a big crowd surged to get in-1side the Circuit Court room, therewas a large crowd at the mass meet-mheld at the court house Sundayafternoon, in furtherance of thearmy Y. M. C. A. work in raisingBourbon county's proportion of the$12,500 fund allotted to this district.The interest was so great that therewas hardly standing room to be obtained when the hour for opening theproceeding came around.The meeting, which had been previously planned by Mr. Z. L. Wilcox,Secretary of the Bourbon County Y.M. C. A., was called to order promptly at three o'clock by Mr. James McClure, County Chairman of the campaign work, who, presided duringthe meeting. Mr. McClure was followed by a program of stirring musiclendered by the following, underthe direction of Mr. A. L. Boatright,Mr. Earl, Swearengen, cornet; MissElizabeth Crutcher, piano; Mr. Maurice Clarke, violin; Mr. A. L. Boatright, soloist and director. Rev. W.E. Ellis, pastor of the Presbyterianchurch, delivered the invocation.Chairman McClure then statedthe object of the meeting, which wasto explain the inauguration of thenation-wide campaign the comingweek for the splendid and muchneeded department of the Y. M. C. Ain army work for the soldiers inramps and elsewhere. The campaignis destined to raise the sum of $35,000.000, of which amount $400,000has been apportioned to Kentucky,$1 500 of this amount to the district of which Paris and Bourboncounty is a part, and $7,500 beingallotted to Bourbon county to raise.In addition to the working teams appointed for tlie city, the followingwere assigned to the county:Clintonville Thos. H. Clay, -Jr.,(Captain), S. L. Weathers, NewtonShiopshire, R. S. Darnaby, A L.Stephenson, A. S. Thompson, LutherCenterville Stanhope Wiedemann, (Captain), Miller Ward, Jos.Leach, John Clay, Vol Ferguson,Robt. Adair, R. H. Biddle, Jr.TTtPiiisnn Robt. Meteer, (Captain), Jas. H. Thompson, R. M.coby, J. W. Case, ueo. jacoDy, ouuu.Wiggins. Jas. Wilmott.Ruddles Mills Jas. Fisher, (CapTain), Cunningham Current, GeorgeWyatt. Jr.. Ed. Ralls, Dr. Geo. RanIvin. Albert Snapp.Little Rock Sam Clay, (Captain),Edsell Clarke, B. M. Roberts, RayBurris, A. Buckner, James Caldwell,Clarence Kenney, W. A. Wolfe.Working teams for North Middletown and Millerburg have not yetbeen reported, but will be announcedbefore the campaign gets old.Chairman McClure introducedLieut. Colliver Dawes, Capt. Wm.Collins and Private Allen Huddleston of Bourbon, who spoke alonglines of the Y. M. C. A. woik beingdone at Camp Zacary Taylor nearLouisville, where they are stationed.Thev were followed in an eloquentaddress by former County AttorneyW O Davis, of Versailles. Mr.Davis" spoke at length on the issuesand the importance of this campaign.a a a distinct impression uponand made a distinct impressionhis hearers.Announcements for the week, made"by Secretary Wilcox, singing de"Ameiica" by the audience, and the-benediction pronounced by Rev Geo.R Combs, pastor of the Paris Methodist church, brought the meeting toa ciose. ,Collins, andLieut. Dawes,Capt.Privates Huddleston and Paul Bran-non, addressed large audiences axNorth Middletown in the morning,and also at Millersburg at nignt inTllf niLeicau Ul " -----.. - 2-i. r.- nf thio mnvemeuu ---"both places they were greeted withgreat enthusiasm, and their addresseswere listened to witli marked attention. Henrv A. Power, District Chairman of the War Work Council .MCA received a telegram yestelday from the State headquarteisstating that President Wilson and1ms Cabinet had endorsed the woiland that it was coming strong.Two early subscriptions Mondaymorning were DuPont Powder Comnanv and International Harvesterrnmnanv. two hundredandfiftythousand dollars each.It isprel"UUi5a,,u "" a tT,,t hip thirtv-dieted and hoped that the tmrtfive million dollars will be largeijavak oiiVcrriVPf1-Mr. Chas. P. Cook, of the Pariteam reports the sum of $1,5raised in the pledges or cash at the-Sunday afternoon meeting in uncity.. Es 1i isHOGS KILLED.We will kill your hogs for yodmuch cheaper thanyou can do tnejob for. Let us figure with youMARGOLEN'S SANITARY MEA,MARKET. (16-ti)KNIGHTS TO ENTERTAIN.The members of A. J. lovely Company, Uniform Rank Knights oiPythias, will be entertained at anovster supper to be given in theirCastle Hall, at the corner of Mainand Third streets, to-morrow , wnesday) night. There vM e Jvided an abundance of refreshment,TTTticriits their wives, sistersand daughters, all of whom are cor11.11V invited and expeuteu . ; April ist, next yeai. ivepuiw i.rpsent Captain William W. Dud- ea hy the Commission on Car Servicelev nromises a royal good time toindicate that even with extensiveail who attend so if any Knight j loading more than 750,000, cars willmisses the occasion, he will let a rare j be needed to handle the potatosood thins go by. I crop:".THANKSGIG TURKEY MAR-KET OPENS AT 24 CENTS.The turkey market for Thanksgiv-ing birds opened in this city andcounty at the receiving pens andslaughtering houses of Chas. S. Brent- Bro., last week with the purchase cases; 252 old equity cases; 30 ordi- "ou" aL Lnp rnoenix "-owi, m iexol p. large number of the birds at nary appearances; 36 appearances "gton, by State Commissioner of Ag-twenty-fourcents per pound deliver- and 41 Commonwealth cases. riculture Mat S. Cohen. Mr. Cohened at the pens and twonty-two and The docket includes a number of Plead.e(l for definite steps toward in-one-halfcents per pound taken at tho divorce cases, which will be heard at creasing the production of sheep,homes of the sellers. The crop is this term. The term promises to be hos and cattle, and for good methsaid not to be a very large one. ; one of the busiest in many years, as ods in breeding and feeding as warBrent & Bro. will continue to re-"c tuiacjo ctu Liieii pens ill t,nis LU1 """city, Millersburg, Flemingsburg and j Owinjg to an accident which occurCarlisle up to and including Novem-, red on the Paris-Lexington interurber 15, the early closing date be- j ban line, Judge Stout and Commoning made necessary by the continued I wealth's Attorney Bradley were de-congestion on the railroads. In theNorth Middletown vicinity Mr. RJ B.Young and Mr. Leavett Roberts arebuying turkeys for Brent & Bro.From some parts of the countycome the reports that there will b'e amuch larger number of the birds thisseason than last, while others statethat there is a decided scarcity ofturkeys in their sections of thocounty. The birds are much largerand in much better condition thanthose put on the market last year.This- season turkeys that are not fatwill be accepted.In some sections of the county Imany people are holding their turkeys for a higher price, but at present it is doubtful as to whether theywill bring a higher price than is nowbeing offered. In Montgomery county the market opened up strong atprices ranging from twenty-two totwenty-four cents, but the crop wasleported as being very light, nolarge flocks being found in the county. The turkeys that have beenbrought in for sale have been in excellent condition.The turkey business which in former years has been a vast and profitable industry for local dealers andhandlers, is likely to be seriouslyhandicapped this season by the carshortage. The dealers do not getget much satisfaction from the railroad people as to whether or not carscan be furnished for transportationof the turkeys to the Eastern markest. The railroads have practicallyannounced that no refrigerator carscan be furnished and that all fowlsJa-Lshipped in other cars would be atthe risk of the shippers.1 E3 feTHE MOTHER.Not long ago I stood in the streetas the boys of the regiment marchedby to the train. Beside me stood awoman. She attracted attention because I could see that she was eagerlywatching for some one in the marching line. It was not long before Icould tell that the one she was looking: for was coming. In a minute atall, well-built boy just of age, Ishould say, approached. As he walked by us he straightened, saluted,and, with the slightest tremor in hisvoice, said "Goodbye, mother."I could see that the boy was proudof his mother proud he was her $on,and proud that he was doing his bestto fullfill her ideal of what an American boy should be. By her quickbreathing I could tell that themother"-as doing her best to control herself.Doubtless she had lived throughthese minutes many times in the lastfew days, and she had determinedthat her boy the boy that she lovedinfinitely more than life, itselfshould go away with the feeling thathis mother could be true to the thingsshe had tried to teach him.All she said was "Goodbye son,God keep you." It was an incidentthat I shall never forget. I wislij that T couW teU yQU whafc j aw in, her face Her boy wag going going,perhaps never to return. All thedreams she had of her boys future,all the plans that she had made forhim, and all that they had made together, were things of the past.She was making the supreme sacrifice. She was giving her boy, the boythat she had nursed, cuddled, watched and prayed over to her country,to your countr, to my country. Shewas giving her life that freedom maybe preserved for you and for me. Herface showed no sign of resentment.I could see the yearning for the boythat was going, but I could also seethat she was proud that she had sucha son to give to her country.I have no boy to give. I am too oldto fight well, and it is only those whocan ngnt wen mat are wauieu. n.mothsacrifice. It is strange that ii!mh firht well that are wanted. Iter s sacrince. it is strange umi. inthe scheme of things the opportunities for sacrifice are so unevenly distributed. But as I walked away, Imade up my mind that my dollars, atleast, would go to help bring that boyback to his mother. And if I everweaken in my determination, I amsure that the inspiration of thatw oman's face will strengthen my resolution. " How do you feel about it?RAILROADS MOVING BIG POTATOCROP.Fairfax Harrison, Chairman Railroads' War Board, authorizes the following statement:"The railroads are now movingwhat promises to be the biggest potato crop in the history of the country. This crop, which is estimatedwiil total approximately 453 millionbushels, or half again as much as lastyear, has bften on the way since them'irirMft of Seotember. The move-- lment of it win continue until about!BUSY SESSION PROMISED BOUR-BON CIRCUIT COURT.The Bourbon Oitrcuit Court convened yesterday for a two-weeks'term with the following docket: OneHundred and fifty-three old ordinarya number of important cases are setlayed several hours in reachingParis. Court convened at 1:30o'clock, when Judge Stout delivered Shelbyville: John Stofer, Mt. Sterthe usual charge to the grand jury, lin M- c- Covington, Richmond; O.admonishing them to investigate all p- Troutman, Jessamine countv.,forms of violations of law in the city Harvey Chpnault, Richmond; T. H.or county. Clav, Jr.. Paris; Sanford Carpenter,The grand jury is composed of the Millersburg; T. W. Duckworth, Milfollowing: Robt. Meteer, foreman. (lersburg: A. B. Hancock, Paris: H. O.John M. Clay, Frank M. Clay, B. A. Moxlev, Shelbvville; C. E. Marvin,Batterton, Finley Burris, Frank P. Payne's Denot: W. E. Coover, LexWhite, Duncan Bell, J. F. Young, ington; Jackson Stofer, Mt. Sterling;Bert Rash, C. V. Higgins, Georg3 Walter Crooks and H. B. Ringo, Mt.Current. Joe Penn Redmon.?aia ?sKENTUCKY ASKED TO FURNISH400 PHYSICIANS.Kentucky has been called upon tofurnish 400 additional physicians forservice in the United States army.This announcement was made byDr. A. T. McCormick at the meetingof the Kentucky State Medical Association in session atthe SeelbachHotel, in Louisville.The extra physicians are neededfor service with the soldiers at armytraining camps and the United Statesforces who are now and soon will bein France.'It was explained by Dr. McCormack that some of those who volunteer now may not be called for service before spring, but that the government is calling for physicians whocan be secured at a moment's noticewhen needed.sa feiTROOPS ARRIVING IN INCREASING NUMBERS.WITH THE AMERICAN ARMYIN FRANCE, Nov. 12. Gen. Persh-.insr said to the r.orresnnndfmt t.o-dav! '"Troops and supplies are ariving in Littl rain Sunday, except iair inincreasing numbers." ' i Tennessee; fair Monday; rain Tues-Thanks to the French, British day or Wednesday; fair thereafter;and American navies, he continued, j moderate temperatures, but somethe submarine to date had not cooler second half of week.claimed the life of a single American I A ?soldier on 'the troop ships bound for j Ideal autumn weather has prevailFrance. The French officers, he ed in this vicinity for over a week,said, were enthusiastic over the The air has been warm and the dayscharacter, intelligence and eager-,n ess of the young officers who are ar-riving in France to continue theirinstruction, and the American armyis proud of them. iWE KNOW HOWDUXHUNTINGAre you ready to go after the birds? Prepareyourself with a suit of Dux Bak Clothes. Briarproof, water proof and warm the 9nly kind that thebriars won't snag up, and that the water won't soakthrough. Every thing .necessary for the hunter youwill find at our store.Dux Bak Waterproof CoatsDux Bak Waterproof PantsDux Bak. Waterproof Shell VestsDux Bak Waterproof LegginsDux Bak Hats and CapsWitch Elk Waterproof Hunting ShoesFlannel Shirtsand Heavy Coat SweatersiGet ready, men!GUN -Shoot the BIRDS!Mitchell &Stetson Hats Manhattan Shirts Nettleton ShotsDr. Reed's Cushion Sole ShoesEMERGENCY CONFERENCE QFCATTLE DEALERS.Appeal to cattle men of CentralKentucky called into an emergencyUW1CUBB wab "m.ue rnuay aner-aunebThe nopulation of Kentucky hasmore than doubled since 1860 andthe cattle dropped off more than3 00,000 head, the commissioner toldthe men in the conference.Cattle breaders present were HenryS. Caywood, Paris. B. A. Thomas,(Sterling, ana Jonas weu, Lexingtonyr i Tfs?AN APPRECIATION.THE NEWS is in receipt of thefollowing from Mrs. Wm. G. McAdoo,wife of the Secretary of the U. 3.Treasury, and Chairman of the Woman's Liberty Loair Committee:"Treasury Department,"Washington, D. C,Nov. 10, 1917.Editor THE NEWS,Paris. Ky.,"Dear Sir:"On behalf of the Woman's Liberty Loan Committee; I want to extend to you our heartfelt thanks andappreciation for the splendid cooperation you gave us in obtainingNation-wide publicity during theLiberty Loan campaign just closed."Yours Very Truly,"MRS. WM. G. McADOO,"Chairman Woman's Liberty LoanCommittee."la Ka EaTHE WEATHER.Tfi weather forecast for the weekbegiiaring Sunday, Nov. 11, as sentout jfcy the Weather Bureau atWashington, is as follows:Foft Ohio valley and Tennesseepleasant, the temperature remainingalmost stationary. ,Several wno navekept temperature records state thatthere has not been any appreciablechange for several days.BAKCLOTHES imIGet the SUIT Get theBuy your clothes fromBlakemoreREAL ESTATE DEALS AND LANDTRANSFERS.Mr. Clayton Strode, of Winchester, who recently bought a tract of ,unimproved land containing thirty- Lfive acres located on the Paris andClintonville pike, has disposed of theproperty to Messrs. Gus Christmanand Robert A. Mitcaell, of Paris, ata price not made public. The salewas made through tne Paris RealtyCompany.Mr. A. T. Moffett purchased last jweek of Mr. Harry Champ the lat-ter's farm, located on the Paris andMaysville pike, near Millersburg, for$150 per acre. Mr. Moffett owns aconsiderable body of land adjoiningthe Champ farm. Mr. Moffett alsopurchased aismall farm belonging toMr. George Bramblette, of Nicholascounty, at a private price. Thefarm is located on the Ardery pike,near Millersburg.Auctioneer Geo. D. Speakes, ofParis, sold last Thursday, a Nelsoncounty farm, containing 522 acres,for $91 per acre. He also sold$19,000 worth of live stock at thesame sale, including one hundredhead of mules.Mr. Charles P. Mann, of the ParisRealty Co., has purchased from Mr.J. M. Scott, the old Bourbon Collegeproperty, which he will convert intoseven or eight flats. He expects toput bathrooms in each apartment,and when completed it will be oneof the swellest apartment houses inParis.The public sale of the dairy herdand farm stock conducted Saturdayfor Wm. Farris at his farm on theBethlehem pike, near Paris, was wellattended and the bidding brisk. Thefarm containing 35 acres, improved with a cottage of five rooms, stockand tobacco barns and all necessary out buildings, was bid up to$300 per acre and withdrawn.Twelve head of cows sold for from$67.50 to $126; 55 shoats brought$5.75 to $8.00 each; 15 heifers $29to $40 each; one gray pony $165;one pair of four-year-old black maremules sold for $505. ' The sale wasconducted by Auctioneer George D.Speakes.la tta SaSPECIAL PORONE WEEK.For one week only we will cleanlarge white fur sets for $1.50, anddark colored furs for $1.00.ELECTRIC DRY CLEANING CO.(5-tf)TE3 Pa tsTHIRTY CENTS frER POUND.The Stanford Interior-Journalwants the reading public to knowthat Bourbon isn't the only countyproducing thirty-cent per pound tobacco crops. The Interior-Journalsays!"Col. W. P. Kincaid paid Mr. J. K.P.aughman and Ad Bolin, both of theMoreland section, 30 cents per poundfor their tobacco. The papers havebeen reproducing an item from oneof the Paris papers which told ofthe sale of a crop in Bourbon countyat 30 cents. They can copy this itemnow."fa la S3OUR BOYS' OVERCOATS.iIn many new styles appeal to thetastes of boys from 3 to 19. Mackinaws, too.J. W. DAVIS &. CO.lss i EaDISASTROUS EIRE IN NEW YORKWIRE PLANT.New York City's waterfront wasthe scene of another disastrous fireSaturday, when the factory of tha'WTashburn Wire Company, whichwas working on large orders for theUnited States Government, was destioyed with an estimated loss ofnearly $2,000,000. The patrolmanwho-discovered the fire declared hefound three separate blazes at different places in the factory.Daniel C. Turner) general manager of the company, told Fire Marshal Brophy that twenty-five Germans and 200 Austrians were included in the force of 1,000 employes inthe factory, and that all the Germansexcept one had zone permits issuedby the Federal Government. Fourteen nationalities are representedamong the workmen, it is said.Ea ISB-4 fIREInsure withW.O.HINTON &SON,AgtsSa te tfiHENDERSON PLANT OWNED BYI', iv J1"1 "VivGERMANS BURNED.Three large buildings of the American Nicotine Company's plant weredestroyed by fire at Henderson, causing a loss of $12,500, fully coveredby insurance. The plant had beenclosed down'for three weeks for repairs. The origin of the fire is unknown. The plant is one of two ofits kind in the United States and isowned by German capital, the jmanager being Carl Braus, a commissioned officer in the German army.IS A f5Fire, Wind and LightningInsurance.Thomas, Woodford & Bryan.vs Ik totWINDING UP THE OLD YEAR'SBUSINESS.The period from now on until thefirst of January, 1918 will be filledwith winding up the business of theold city and county administrations,and getting things in shape for thenew officials, who will take charge ofaffairs on January 1st. There is considerable work to be done by the oldofficials yet in getting matterstraightened out.MAff HELD HERE IS WANTED BT vGOVERNMENT.George Vickers, a young whitman, who has been a Drisoner in thParis jail 'since last Wednesday, wasturnea over to the Federal authorities Saturday afternoon, and taketo Richmond, where he will be triedon the- charge of wearing a soldier'suniform without authority.Vickers came to the Paris 1a.!1last Wednesday and asked JailorJos. Farris to get him medicalassistance, saying- he was very sick.Under a series of questions put tohim by Mr. Farris, Vickers finallyacknowledged that he had jumpedfrom an L. & N. passenger train.near Grant's tunnel, while he wasbeing taken to Richmond by a U. S.Marshal to be tried.Paris. officers communicated withthe Federal authorities-, and weretold to hold Vickers, as he waswanted on a charge hy the Government. Vickers was considerablybruised and cut by his fall from thetrain.te fe teHOME TELEPHONE CONVENTION.The Central Home Telephone andTelegraph Company, with their general office at Louisville and who operate the Cynthiana Telephone Company, as well as other Home Tele- 'phone Companies all over the Stateof Kentucky, have selected Cynthiana as the place to hold their nextDistrict Meeting or Convention forOperators and Managers for all exchanges east of Louisville, and including Louisville proper, on November 17 th.The Central Home Company ha3been holding these meetings throughout their system for several years andhave found much good has "been accomplished in promoting efficiencyamong the operators and other employees, and now since our country isat war they say the meetings are allthe more necessary to keep the operating department supplied withefficient operators and to provide ameans of making thei efficient with "just as little delay as possible.The following from Paris andBourbon county will attend themeeting:Mr. J. J. Veatch, Mr. W. H. Cannon, Mr. II. F. Lancaster, Mr. Geo.Insko, Mr. E. E. Lawson, Mr. GanoDuncan Mr. Albert Evans, Mrs. Albert Evans, Mrs. Ola Peter, Miss .Margaret McClure, Mrs. Louise Martin, Miss Fannie McClure, Mis3Madue Day, Miss Irene Lenihan, MissMary Sanders, Miss Minnie Carr.15l ?sa TQA " CORRECTION AS TOPOSTAGELETTERDue to mistaken information,lihough given- from a presumably reliable source, THE NEWS publishedan item in last Friday's issue in re?gard to the new postage rates whichcontained just one little mistake,which might mislead many.The item stated that only twocents postage would be required onletters mailed from Paris to postoffices in Bourbon county, and viceversa.Postmaster Payne informs us thatthis was a slight error, though wellmeant. Three cents postage will herequired on all letters mailed to andfrom offices inside the county, or topoints outside the county.If you mail a letter at the Parispostoffice for" city delivery, drop letter service at the postoffice, or for therural free delivery service, only twocents postage is required. "IS ?S IS ,laFOLLETTE' SUES POR UBELEDITOR WELCOMES TEST.Suit for $100,000 damages hasbeen filed at Madison, Wis., on behalf of Senator LaFollette againstthe Democrat Printing Company andO. D. Brandenburg, president andeditor. The action is based on alleged libels contained in editorial utterances, news dispatches, quotations from other newspapers andmagazines and condemnatory resolutions published in The Democrat,and intended to show that the Senator was giving aid and comfort tothe enemy. Mr. Brandenburg announced that the paper will say editorially that it welcomes the test afforded by the suit.. tS 1E3 151aUEEN LILIS DEAD.Queen Liliuokalani, last of the native rulers of Hawaii, died Sundaymorning at Honolulu after a long ill-V1U IIUIU pUUi (VilU VVA VUIV41J If AAA WWheld. next Sunday. In the meanwhilethe body will lie in state with aterritorial guard of honor. Socialentertainments for the congressionalparty now visiting Hawaii have beencanceled.RED CROSS SENDS OUT HURRYCALL FOR SWEATERSUpon advice frqm "Washington thePennsylvania division of the American Red Cross sent out to thechapters a hurry call for tens othousands of sweaters."Washington has purchased allsweaters available in the market forimmediate delivery, but they arefinding great difficulty in meetingthe extraordinary and unexpecteddemand." said a statement issued bythe division.ift toft toiRECOVERS TIMEPIECE.A fine gold watch, lost .strayed orstolen, from the personal possessionsof Mr. "Wm. "Wilson, of Paris, waslocated, after a long search, in aLexington pawnshop, where it hadbeen left "in hock" by a Paris man,who. claimed to have found it.--.1'( -;v AZr'J'r7 ;mmPAGE TWOIE BOURBON NEWSabllshed 188135 Years oftlnuous Publication.Con-bllshed Every Tuesday and Friday,r Year. ..$2.00 Six Months... ?1.00Payable in Advance.CWJFT CriAMP. Editor and Owner.?EDITORIAL MUSINGS.To The PeoDle of Paris.Patronize home where your inter--estsare and help maintain and support these interests your interests,your neighbor's interests. Get thatselfishness out of your heart that isenvious of every success; that wants"to pull down every interest thatseems to reach beyond yours, and isin reality an advantage to it and thetown.Neither Imagine when a few sheiiels accumulate in your wallet youmust necessarily go out of town tospend them, thinking it would neverio to distribute a little cash to your3iome merchants, since you can standthem off for six months or a year.Mistaken idea. They'll appreciatethe cash and give you just as goodhareains as anv Tnprniinnt in no,vi,. Iboring towns or cities that mav et'stomacns that ive ifc its millions ofyour cash. " j sales annually.Encourage home dealers and man-1 Get a large fifty-cent case of Pape'sufacturers in everything, not only by : Diapepsin from any drug store. It isyour, patronage but by words of en-1 tlie quickest, surest antacid and stomcouragement and commendation. ' acl1 relief known. It acts almost likeThis is the way to build up a town!maSic !t is a scientific, harmlessand make business livelv: and ho . and pleasant stomach preparationsur you patronize your home paperwhn you see" it stands by your interests, lauds every legitimate enterprise, and wafts to the world doings,transactions, picturing advantages,Tiolding out inducements, and in athousand ways building up your interests.If it deserves not your hearty and .liberal support, pray, who does? tc the withdrawal to fill up the naDont keep it down then floundering tional guard and other' branches, thetot an existence and gasping fori-rr- t . i -c jhreath. It is a mighty poor rule thai iar Department as again modifiedwon't work both ways. Stand by i lts plan for traininS negro troops for-your town and support all its inter-ltne national army forces. It is now-ests."God Bless Our Daddv."We happened into a home the othernight, and over the parlor door saw"the legend worked in letters of red,"What is Home Without a Mother?"Across the room was another brief,-"God Bless our Home."Now what's the matter with "God"Bless our Dad?" He is the first oneto start for work in the morning, thelast one from work at night, the lastto think of leaving the old home,while the young ones are wishing forthe day when they can pack up andgo. He makes the weekly hand outto the grocer, to the butcher, to themilkman and the baker, and his littlepile is badly demolished before hehas been home an hour. He is satis'Jied if he can satisfy those at home.It there is a noise in the night,"Dad is kicked in the back and made"to go downstairs and find the burtglar and kill him. Mother darns theocks, but Dad bought the socks inthe first place, and the needles andthe yarn afterwards. Mother doesup the fruit; Dad bought it all, andjars and sugar cost like the mischief.Dad buys the chicken for Sundaydinners, serves them himself, and(draws the neck from the ruins aftereverybody else is served. "What is'Home Without a Mother?" Yes,that is all right, but "What is HomeWithout a Father?" Ten chances tie-one it is a boarding house; father is-under a slab, and the landlady isthe widow. Dad, here's to you!"You've got your faults, you may havelots of them, but you are all right.and we will miss you when you aresone.Busy Buyers Bara'aininsr.The streets are now thronged withfcusyfrbuyers and the merchants areraising their heads in ecstacy . Theactivity on the thoioughfares beams-with metropolitan life. What is theuse of narping about .hard times? Ourtown has tood well the test of monetary stringency, our people are livingwell, our village is progressing, we$have all the advantages and resources-that could be reasonably wished for;then, why should our people continue-'to complain of hard time?The least said of misfortune or bad-times-and her conditions the better itwill be in the end. Let us lift ourtvoices and with one accord exultover good luck during the nextmonths. Let us speak of our resources, our business and our general sta-- hility. Ours is a good, solid, progressive, conservative town with- brilliant prospects and we can do-much for 'it by speaking of its conrtinual, steady advancement. Let usPt -. '- Self-Taueht Men.-Many men are said to be selftaught. No man was ever taught inany other way. Do you suppose aman to be a hucket to be hung onthe well of knowledge and pumpedfull? Man is a creature that learnsby the exertion of his own faculties.There are aids to learning of variouskinds; but no matter how many ofthese aids a man may be surroundedby, after 11, the learning Is thatwhich he acquires himself. Whetherhe is in college or out of college, inschool or out of school, every manmust educate himself. And in ourtimes and in this community everyman has the means of doing it.Why Is It?Why is it, it is often asked, thatpeople in small towns can find nobetter business than prying into other people's business, and then exaggerating the truth in regard to thesame. People who pretend to beChristians, who attend church regularly, who, in the sight of theirneighbors are generous and charitable, yet who, without the slightestprovocation, pick up some little mistake, or more often, at nothing, willso scandalize one as to ruin his or herreputation for life. While they wouldnot steal from them worldly goods, !yet they rob him or her of what ismore precious than gold a good reputation. Why can't people practicethe Christianity they preach and"do unto others as you would havethem do unto you?"te Sa tePAPE'S DIAPEPSINTOR DIGESTION ORSOUR. ACID STOMACHInrive Minutes! No Dyspepsia,Heartburn or Anv Stomach Misery.Sour, gassy, upset stomach, indigestion, heartburn, dyspepsia; whenthe food you eat ferments into gasesand upsets you; your head aches andyou feel sick and miserable, that'swhen you realize the wonderful acidneutralizing power in Pape's Diapepsin. It makes all such stomach misery, due to acidity, vanish in fiveminutes.If your stomach is in a continuous revolt if you can't get it regulated, please, for your sake, tryPape's Diapepsin. It's so needless tohave an acid stomach make yournext meal a favorite food meal, thentake a little Diapepsin. There willnot be any distress eat withoutfear. It's because Pape's Diapepsin"really does" sweeten out-of-orderwhich truly belongs in every home.(adv)I5i 1& TBINEGROES TO BE CALLED IN NEXTDRAFT, iWith plenty of room available atthe national armv cantonments, duethe purpose, Secretary Baker said, totrain a complete unit of negroes ateach of the sixteen cantonments, instead of training them only at cantonments to which a considerablenumber report. The size of the unitswill depend upon the number of negro drafted men from the divisionalareas which supplies each cantonment, but where there is a largesurplus men will be sent to the postswith small numbers for consolidationwith the units there.The first of the drafted negroeswill be mobilized under the call ofOctober 3. The number to be takenfrom each division will not be uniform and the allotment has not beenannounced.T5s ISi ISPASTE ON YOUR MIRROR.HE has twenty-nine chances ofcoming home to one of being killed.HE has ninety-eight chances ofrecovering from a wound to twochances of dying.HE has only one chance in 500 oflosing a limb.He will live five years longer because of physical training.HE is freer from disease in thearmy than in civil life.HE has better medical care at thefront than at home.IN other wars from ten to fifteenmen died from disease to one frombullets.IN this war one man dies fromdisease to every ten from bullets.THIS war is less wasteful of lifethan any other in history.tS BS U3TO SMOKE OR NOT TO SMOKE ISTHE QUESTION!(Courier-Journal.)There are a few persons who oppose sending tobacco to the American soldiers in France, upon theground that it encourages a habitwhich affects injuriously the physicalcondition of the addict. This is notthe time for discussing the questionof the injuriousness of tobacco. Nodoubt it would be . better for thehealth of everyone to leave tobaccoseverely alone, but it would not bereasonable, or beneficial to the individual or to the army, to attempt todiscourage smoking among soldiers,who, in a majority of cases, alreadyhave formed the habit, and who areasked to undergo such hardships thatany consolatory indulgence which isnot immediately and seriously injurious to the health and fitness for exacting duties should be let alone byhypercritical reformers. The Prohibitionists who are mightily afraid thatan American soldier will get a glassof French wine, insteau of a drink ofwater perhaps less safe, are no moreunreasonable than those who woulddeny to a smoker in the trenchessomething to smoke.THE BOURBON JTOWS&PABIg, KY.YOU HsOUID CQgSjfeyEFARM MACHDlERY.TEPut your farm machinery in sheds,and fix it up in tip-top shape thiswinter. The shed will cost somemore than it did before, but the advance in building materials generallyhas not been nearly as great as hasthat on machinery.Second-hand machinery will beworth money from now on. Savingthe paint on it will make it all better. Look the old corn binder overand see if new parts will not fix itup before buying a new one. If thegrain binder bothered this fal'l, giveit a good overhauling at at the firstopportunity, and see what new partsit needs. Send for these parts andrepair it. It will pay.Farm machinery will not onlyraise higher in price, but it is veryapt to be scarce for the next severalyears. The curtailing of the iron andsteel now used in the manufacture offarm machinery is sure to come, andsome preliminary reports state thatthe amount allotted to this purposewill be cut as low as one-half theamount used last year. In the paststeel and iron have been so cheap wehave formed a habit of wasting it.We must conserve it now. It -is abusiness proposition and a patrioticduty as well.W 1 MTHE COAL OUTLOOK.The announced intention of coalminors to strike for "from 20 to 70per cent increases" will be learnedwith foreboding by every householderin the land.Coal miners are pretty well paidemployes in most instances. Nobodywho has witnessed the living of theKentucky coal miners in either theWestern or Eastern fields has failedto be impressed with their welfareas compared with that of the averagelaborer. We do not pretend to knowthe grievances of coal miners all overthe country or to pass hasty judgment upon their attitude, but withthe operators howling that there isno profit, and with the miners outfor a raise "from 20 to 70" per cent,where is the consumer to land?Coal already is at prices well nighprohibitive. Government regulationis so far a lick and a promise. Thebeginning of cold weather is almostat hand. The uncertainties of thesituation have prevented the filling ofmany coal cellars which ordinarilyare filled in August and September.The outlook hardly could be darkerthan it is. Next winter, in all probability, there will be much sufferingand frequent coal riots. The Govern-j ment will confer a great boon uponindustries, upon domestic life, uponwar prosecution, if it solves the fuelproolem. State Journal.s 3 taA YEAR OP CHEER.A lot of good fortune is in storefor those families who are on TheYouth's Companion subscription listfor 1918 a year of cheer.There will be 12 glorious serial ogroup stories, ranging from a girls'war story by Grace S. Richmond, andIndian adventures by James WillardSchultz, to the unrivaled tales of former days by C. A. Stephens.The charm of Companion storieslies in the fact that whether they areespecially written for boys or forgirls, everyone enjoys them to thefullest. Then there are special pagesfor the family, boys, girls, and eventhe little children while the editorial page, current events and the doctor's corner supply all the requirements of the family for good reading.And this particular feast can comefrom no other source.The Companion alone is $2.00, butby special arrangement new subscribers for The Companion can also, byadding 25 cents, have McCall's Maga-i zine for 1918, both publications foronly $2.25.This two-at-one-price offer includes: 1. The Youth's Companion 52issues in 1918.2. All remaining 1917 issues of TheCompanion free.3. The Companion Home Calendarfor 1918.4. McCall's Magazine 12 fashionnumbers in 1918.All for only $2.25.THE YOUTH'S COMPANION,Commonwealth Ave., Boston, Mass.TS TQ TmRAILROADS HELPING IN PREVENTING COAL SHORTAGE.The Railroads' War Board has received reports indicating that theefforts of the railroads and coal shippers to prevent the threatened coalshortage in the Northwest durih'gthe coming winter has been more successful than seemed possible duringthe summer. With five weeks ormore left before the close of navigation on the Great Lakes, 23,348,100of the 29,000,000 tons, which it isestimated will be required,, have already "been sent to the Northwest.The Commission on Car Service isnow directing efforts to the work ofinsuring an adequate coal supply fordomestic and industrial uses of coalin all other sections of the country.While a greater supply of coal hasbeen mined and shipped than everbefore, the difficulty to-day is thatthe consumption all over the countryis greater than ever before.fe fcEARUNGTON TO HAVE PAPER.Edward L. Young, a newspaperman of Madisonville, announces thathe will begin the publication of aweekly paper at Earlington thismonth. Earlington has been withouta naner since the Bee suspended sev-v-l -THIS-IS CERTAIN'The Proof That Paris Readers Cannot Deny.What could furnish stronger evidence of the efficiency of any remedythan the test of time? Thousands ofpeople testify that Doan's KidneyPills have brought lasting results.Home endorsement should proveundoubtedly the merit of this remedy. Years ago your friends andneighbors testified to the relief theyhad derived from the use of Doan'sKidney Pills. They now confirmtheir testimonials. They say timehas completed the test.Geo. McCandles, Second street,Paris, says: "My kidneys were inactive and I had backaches. Doan'sKidney Pills put a stop to all thetrouble. They gave me complete relief." (Statement given January 17,1912.)NO TROUBLE SINCEOver four years later, or on November 9, 1916, Mr. McCandles added:"I liave not had any need of a kidney remedy since I last endorsedDoan's Kidney Pills. I consideredmyself permanently cured."Price, 60c, at all dealers., Don'tsimply ask for a kidney remedy getDoan's Kidney Pills the same thatMr. McCandles has twice publiclyrecommended. Foster-Milburn Co.,Props., Buffalo, N. Y. (adv)AGE NO BAR TO ACTIVITIES OPTHESE "DIPS."A woman, 77 years old, and a man.84, were caught in the police dragnet for pickpockets in New York,both being- old offenders, it isalleged.Mrs. Madeline Zinslee, feeble andbarely able to make her way about,was arrested in a large departmentstore after a detective had seen herjostle a shopper and later try toopen another woman's handbag.Joseph Jones, who, the police say,served his first prison term in 1877,was arrested on an elevated trainwhen a fellow-passenger accused theold man of trying to pick his pocket. Both prisoners were held in$1,000 bail for examination.IS! m fe"I am coming to the conclusion,""observed the restaurant philosopherat luncheon, "that the fewer sons-in-lawand brothers-in-law a man inhigh political life has, the better offhe is." Marion Star.MEN WANTED.100 men wanted at once to dig andload coal in coal mines. For any information wanted, writeGEO. VEAL, Supt.,(23-lmo) Shamrock, Ivy.Magazine Agency.I will receive subscriptions to thefollowing magazines:Curtis Publishing Company'sLadies' Home Journal, SaturdayEvening Post and the Country Gentleman, Cosmopolitan.Good Housekeeping,Harpers,Motor Magazine,Pictorial Review,Mothers' Magazine, sHeart's.Kentucky Magazine.Until November 10 will receive 2year subscription to Cosmopolitan,Heart's, and Good House Keeping,either for $2. I will also make advantageous clubbing offers with ThePictorialjJReview.MMS. O. P. CARTER. JR.,Paris. Ky.(oct23-tf)Twin Bros.DepartmentStoreALLHATSat reduced prices, inmany different designs,priced fromUP98cTwin Bros. Department StoreSevneth and Main Streets, Paris Ky.luff LeM$uot SaleI have a number of fine Buff Leghorn Single Comb Cockerels for sale,a fancy laying strain. Price $2.00each.MRS. LETITIA CLAY,(30-tf) Cumberland Phone 204.Home For Sale PrivatelyOn account of Mr. Napier's passenger run being changed from Paris tcLexington and Cincinnati necessitating a removal to Lexington, I desirto dispose of my residence at the corner of Main and Second streets, inParis, at private sale.This is a substantial brick hous, Would be an. ideal place for an or-two-storles,has six large rooms: chard, being protected from frost tosleeping porch; two concrete porches; a great extent by these bluffs. Alllarge garden and poultry yard; side kinds of fruits would do well. Someand front yard. It is a nrst-clas?home and will be a bargain for thpurchaser. It is In first-class shape.An inspection of the house and premises is invited.MRS. JESSE S. NAPIER.(4-tf) 12b Mam Street.THEBeautifulMobile, Alabama, "Mother of Mysteries."So! "Here we Rest," according to the meaning of the word "Alabama." We are at a terminal of a delighted trip on the Louisville &Nashville Railroad.The early explorers did well when they founded the French colonies, which were begun under the brothers de Bineville and d'Iberville.Mobile lies at the mouth of the Mobile River, which is formed bythe junction of the Aalabama and Tombigbee rivers. Many productsof the interior come down these rivers; cotton and lumber in largequantities is seen, and coal from further north.Mobile harbor affords accommodation at her wharfs for both commercial and tourist traffic. The city of Mobile is some thirty milesfrom the Gulf of Mexico and it is. a delightful sail up the broad winding entrance to this city Mobile which has a population of 75,000souls.From the water's edge there is a gradual rise of the land whichleads to attractive hills and ravines, upon which are located beautifulsouthern homes old and new and the shell roads are a boon to the automobilist. There are few cities in the world which possess so many beautifulstreets that might be termed boulevards. Some of them resmble smallportions of Paris, France, of Brussels, Belgium, as it wac before thepresent devastation from the European War.These streets in Mobile are lined with some Monarchs of a centuryof Nature's production, the grand old elms and water oaks, and not afew are embellished by the hoary giay hanging moss that sways withthe passing breezes. Government street is the most imposing, andbranching from it are many attractive park-like streets, made beautiful through the care of up-to-date civic co-operation.There can scarcely be found a drive more beautiful by Nature'sown painting, than along Mobile Bay, by sunset in the summer time,or at autumn it is one never to be forgotten.Mobile is a city of education, culture and perhaps interesting conservatism, yet it is a city of true hospitality, with a touch of what remains of the old regime of French, English and Spanish. It is a citythat has been "under five flags," and many of its people bear the distinctive features of their ancestors, in its many fine looking and evenbeautiful women, and courteous "old school" men.Mobile is fast becoming an all-year-around resort, with fine hotels,and all centering around its historis and beautiful Bienville Square.Mobile is often called "The Mother of Mysteries," because she wasthe first to originate the "Mardi Gras," and she yearly still callsthousands to herself at that festival time.Those desiring out-door recreation will find it in and around Mobile in abundance. Small steamers ply between her suburban healthresorts beautiful Fairhope, Battles Wharf, Point Clear, Magnolia, Springs ,and other attractive spots which are made more beautiful byNature's "hand, and where health-giving ozone is freely given from theGulf of Mexico.In addition, Mobile has excellent golf links, a fine Country Club,plenty of good fishing- and automobiling over roads that cannot be surpassed. 4Old Mobile is unlike any other city on the Gulf. She has her ownattractions, as well as those of her surroundings. A few weeks staythere and mingling with her people cannot be but well spent. She isalso a city of de Bienville and d'Iberville. Carlyle Porter.Mobile is located in the beautiful Gulf Coast region and conveniently reached from the north by the superb steel passenger trains of theLouisville & Nashville Railroad. " (Advertisement.)COATSANDSUITSSPECIAL$1650New Coats & SuitsJUSTARRIVEDJutt arrived readyfor. your inspection.Very reasonableprices.TUESDAY, NOVEMBER 13, 1$17,New. Blacksmith Shop!We have opened our new shop oa.High street, next to Flanagan's stable, between Seventh and Eighthstreets, and are ready to do all kindsof blacksmith work. Horseshoeing aspecialty. Patronage solicited.J. C. FIGHTMASTER,L. L. HARP,(nov 6-3t-T)Virgin Land For Sale!150 acres of Laurel County virgin land that would make an idealchicken ranch. About 75 acresis high, flat land, and balance on abranch between two high bluffs.This branch land has enough tie andsmall timber on it to nav for it.OI is iana womu pruuuce iair cornand tobacco, and all kinds of vegetables. It joins up close to L. & N station. An opportunity for a hustlerto get rich on a small investment.If interested call 404, CumberlandTelephone. (tf)- Gulf - Coast!v&'misjeral months ago.r?V:IJr-ki&A,v' VfJvJ& J . i&-y- ar"W;'-$4e"-;$'U'kf -'JTy9fs ii--''tiT-4"J-A.t'3-V-Vj.tfr."TUESDAY, NOVEMBER 13, 1917.THE BOURBON NEWS, PARIS, KTtPAGEf v'ISAVE THE SCEAPS OF FAT.We are the greatest fat wasters inthe world. We habitually waste fatin the kitchen and on the table, inhotels, restaurants and homes.We need to save fat and porkproducts for our allies. We use fatin countless ways in the manufacture of things needed to win the war.Therefore, as a nation, we can notafford to go on wasting, even if weare willing to be extravagant personally. If every American saved one-thirdof an ounce of fat waste daily, uquantity equivalent to one of the butter balls or pats of butter that weserve at a meal, it would amount to395,000 tons in a year an important saving in the present emergency, Food Administration,GILES! HAVE WAVY,THICK, GLOSSY HAIEFEEE FEOM DANDETJFFSave Your Hair! Double Its BeautyIn a Few MomentsTry This!SOCIAL AND PERSONAL.Comings and Goings of OurPeople Here, There andElsewhere.Miss Ethel Bruce, of Eaton, O.,is a guest of Mrs. Oscar T. Hinton.Mr. James Jacoby is very ill atthe home of Mr. and Mrs. Custis Talbott, in this city.Mr. and Mrs. J. H. Hunter arevisiting Mr. Hunter's mother, atNemo, North Carolina.Mr. and Mrs. Albert Mitchellhave returned from a visit to Mr. andProfessional Cards.WM, GRANNANAttorney-atLaw; ROOMS 401-402.FIRST NAT'L BANK BUILDINGDR. WM. KENNEYEye, Ear, Nose and Throat.ROOMS 403-404.FIRST NAT'L BANK BUILDING.PHONE 136.If you care for heavy hair, thatglistens with beauty and is radiantwith life; has an incomparable softness and is fluffy and lustrous, tryDanderine.Just one application doubles thebeauty of your hair, besides it immediately dissolves every particle of I m .H, iri "J" E?dandruff; you cannot have nice, Mrs. Wm. Cooper and little sonheavy, healthy hair if you have dand- have returned from a visit to herruff. This destructive scurf robs the ' parents, Mr. and Mrs, James Litsey,hair of its lustre, its strength and its in Harrodsburg.very life, and if not overcome it pro-1 Miss Matilda James has taken aduces a feverishness and itchins: of .Position as sfAnncrranTiPr in hp nffwJ the scalp; the hair roots famish. I of Z. L. Wilcox, at t.hfi v. M. f!. Ai loosen and die; then the hair falls building in this city.out last. j Mrs. John M. Woods, of Win-If your hair nas deen neglected , Chester, was a guest several days theand is thiftj faded, dry, scraggy or j past week of her sister, Mrs. Burley,tod oily, get a small bottle of Knowl- and other relatives in Paris,toil's Danderine at any drug store or Master Commissioner Oscar T.toilet counter for a few cents; apply Hinton, of Paris, was a business visa little as directed and ten minutes j itor in Maysville last week, attendingafter you will say tnis was the best sessions of the Federal Court,investment you ever made. Mrs. Katherine Davis Craig andWe sincerely believe, regardless of little son, Master John Davis Craig,eerything else advertised, that if have returned from a visit to relayou desire soft, lustrous, beautiful , tives and friends in Lexington andhair and lots of it no dandruff no Georgetown.itching scalp and no more falling J Mrs. A. B. Hancock left Fridayhair you must use Knowlton's Dan- for a visit to friends and relatives inderine. If eventually why not Baltimore. Marvland. and New YorkWOMANHAS GREATPERFORM.task Toyniiiiim 4 n 44 in 1 1 tt 1 1 1 111 1 1 1 n gorganizethat surgicalnecessities inbe made innow?CAN KEEPtes Hi vhWHATMAKE.(adv)THEY CANin TheFair Warning!All parties owing accounts morethan two months past due to the un--3-.,-.I.rv, ,-n,3 w, 'U .!. 1 Iuciai6ucu meiuiiinius, wno are mem-1 Germans1 - 1 . 111 iiit-' niisin puu 1 vi ciri -c? wrnrnAtiTT iAssociation of Bourbon County, arejS0116 has aken on a new lease of(Maynard Owen WilliamsChristian Herald.)Nanking has two educational institutions under Government supervision which are worthy of mention.The best housed school in Nankingat present is the Military College,which was built for China by theThe Government Normalhereby requested to call and arrangewith said mercants for a settlementof such accounts at once. Unlessyou do this, each merchant will, according to our By-Laws, be compelledto give your name and amount ofdebt to our Secretary for record andcollection.The purpose of our Association isnot to put any hardship or place anyundeserved criticism upon any onebut something -had to be done tobreak up the "dead beat" businessof this county. Your merchant nodoubt will act humanely and allowyou to pay just a little each weekon your old account. Surelyyou do not want your name to appear in our "Delinquent List."All your merchant and our Association asks of you. is come and letus reason together. Show that youare honest and mean to pay yourdebts, by even paying a little eachweek as 'best you can. This is surelynot asking too much. But remember,you must do this at once, beforeour Black Lists are printed andmailed to ach of our members..THETIVE ASSOCIATION OF BOURBON COUNTY.FRED WECKESSER,Chairman.WM. GRANNAN,Secretary and Attorney.Wilmoth & Co.Busy Bee Cash Store,L. R. Bramblett,P. M. Heller,Baldwin Bros.,J. A. Sullivan,Harry Simon,John J. Connelly,Higgins & Flanagan,Lavin & Connell,C. S. Goldstein,L. Wollstein, -Margolen& Co.,John Merringer,Mitchell & Blakemore,Harry Linville,Tilford Burnett, 'Logan Howard,Skillman Bros.,Mulnnger & Stone,Lusk & Shea,Dr. L. Oberdorfer,C. P. Cook & Co.,Dan Jordan,R. P. Walsh,H. J. Grosche,a. xtummans, jT. W. Splcer,H. M. Collins & Co.,B. Friedman,J. A. Stern,w. wrC. ;City. Mrs. Hancock will remainabout two weeks.Mrs. Wm. F. Talbott, wife ofSheriff W. F. Talbott, of Paris, is atthe St. Joseph's Hospital, in Lexington, where she is under medicaltreatment.Miss Sarah Stephenson, who hasbeen recuperating at her home nearParis from a recent attack of appendicitis, returned to her studies atMargaret College, in Versailles, yesterday. Miss Anna Louise White attended the dance given' in Elks' Hall atWinchester, Saturday night by theyoung men of the city. While thereshe was a guest of her grandmother,Mrs. W. O. Brock.Mr. Newton Taylor has gone toWest Baden Springs for a short stay.He was joined at Howe, Indiana, byMrs. Taylor, who has been visitingher son, Mr. Newton Taylor, Jr., atUpon the shoulders of Miss Florence Marshall falls the great task ofmobilizing the womanhood of the nation under the Red Cross flag. Shenas oeen appointed toAmerican women sodressings and otherRed Cross work willgreat quantities.Her work will be widespread. Theenrolling of the women of the landin the great work she has undertakenis a task that requires great orgaizing abilities. As director of thewoman's bureau of the National RedCross, she has already started thewheels of the organization moving.Local chapters have been establishedin almost every community in theUnited States. Red Cross suppliesare being turned out by these chapters in great quantities.Miss Marshall was formerly director of the Manhattain Trade Schooland there established her great reputation as an organizer.1 151 JWONDERFUL CAVE IN MERCER.'life after being closed for severalyears. Formerly the courses in thisschool followed the Japanese plan,but at present, according to the professor who showed me around, thewhole curriculum is Chinese, as theyfollow no foreign system, but only , the Howe Military Academy.take the best out of all and improveon that. No tuition or charge formeals or room is collected, but allstudents are pledged to teach, aftergraduation, with all privilege ofkeeping what they can make. As anex-teacher and the son of a professor,I can see the logic and humor of thelatter provision."fe IS 151CLOTHE OUR BOYS WITH INVISIBLE ARMOUR.1It will cost ? 4,0 00,0 00 a year.The War Camp Community Service must get fhe money by popularsubscription, the week beginningSunday, November 4.This mnnev will nrnviflp. few thoJSSSSaJSS'SISS- Physical, mental and moral welfarsof more than a million men in training. It will do away with loneliness,community coldness, the neglectwhich fills idle hours with temptation for young men.It will forge for them what Secretary of War Baker calls "that invisible armour, that moral and intellectual armor, that new soldier stateof mind."Isn't it wortli while?Let your money answer.Send contributions to local chairman James McClure; or to NationalHeadquarters, 1210 G Street, N. W.,Washington. D. C.(Other Personals on Page 5.)j!&. 15 laSOUTHERN.BOYS.SBE SNOW TORFIRST TIME.KENTUCKY TO GET BIG SCHOOLFUND.At a conference between the StateVocational Educational Board and C,H. Harris, assistant director of theFederal Board, arrangements werecompleted for the State" getting $36,000 for vocational training and agricultural trades and for "trainingvocational teachers" at tK6 Universityof Kentucky, the Eastern and Western Normal Schools and the Kentucky Normal and Industrial Institute. Louisville will get part of thetrade and school fund.Your TelephoneA Money Maker!If busy farmers, who are selling their stock aad produce at good prices, were to be deprived of their telephone, they would readily place the value of the instrument at anywhere from 15.00 to $35.00 a day.You will find the secret of the prosperous farmer'ssuccesss lies in his prompt telephone communication withthe local and city markets.Our new Directory will go to press soon and it is ourendeavor to supply you continuously good telephone service day, and night. Our rates are reasonable.Paris Home Telephone & Telegraph Go.J. J. VEATCH,DiitrittXfui&ger.(Incorporated)W. H. CANNON,Local Manager.' The first snow of the season,which fell a few. days ago, was alsothe first snow ever seen by thousandsof bluejackets from Southern StatesIn training at the Great Lakes NavalTrailing Station, near Chicago..Reveille, 'sounding as usual at 5 a.m., (found the Southern boys rollingout of their warm bunks reluctantlyenough (also as usual) and whenthey emerged from the barracks andsaw the snow-covered drill grounds,their surprise was almost unbounded. Many of the lads, still housedin tents, wrote to their homes inTexas, Louisiana and other States,about the snow, which covered thetents. Others followed the exampleof the Northern boys who lost notime getting snow ball fights started.Even chief petty officers and a fewcommissioned officers hailing fromthe Southland, discarded the coatswhich showed their rating and threwsnowballs. Rain, which fell later inthe day, removed all trace of thesnow to the disgust of Southerneisand Northeners alike.(Harrodsburg Herald)County Surveyor Ike Hehdren discovered a most interesting freak ofnature while surveying the old Sallee farm on Dix River. This section is almost a No Man's Land, butclose to the bank of the river livesan old-time negro called WashPayne, who has not been out of thecliffs for many years. While thesurveyor was running his line alongthe low water's edge he came uponthe old darky with a string of nicenewlights and bass, and opened aconversation with him. "I want toshow you something and see if youcan explain it to me." He thentook Mr. Hendren about fifty yardsup the river and came to an openingin the cliff. "Boss, look into thathole," he said, and Mr. Hendrenwalked up and peeped in. A violentgust of wind hit him so squarely thatit knocked him off his feet and blewhis hat into the river. Mr. Hendrenrecovered his hat, but he didn't takea second look into the "hole." Theold darky said he had lived in thesame place for many years, but hehad always given the mysteriouscavern a wide berth.Wo fill ile & Co.Eexington, KentuckyTHE 1917 Gift' Shop is .ready from November12th on.i TLXUNDREDS of novelties of every description X" and at moderate prices. XEACH day you should make a visit to the GiftShop.m mSUITS FILED AGAINST RURALCREDITS ASSOCIATION. ,fcPEKB?PffljHALgaHy GUARANTEED CURETirittW it.Mr.Ftmer,hre's artmcy for hog cboiexa Aa -that la anM tnr "X -rn f2.nmma RatiiI " ITnU 1OTT UBHyou, mora 10 tase cnances anmst nojf cuuicrvou cut tret this reraedv oa such terms?V.BmjMliaji WM AV&KaA .VfeMaBik mmmmmm huii vwvw wvy ""7ClteieriIt 4oe the worldwaMhanro&Kfr f nrkitiSuits were filed in the UnitedStates District Court at Frankfort,Friday, by C. C. Bosworth, trusteein bankruptcy of the KentuckyRural Credits Association, againstformer officers and others connectedwith the company for $296,000.In one suit he seeks to recoverfrom James L. Watkins, the treasurer, and the American SuretyCompany, of New York, $25,000,allege'd to have been paid' out to O.L. Vallandingham, agent for thesale of stock.In t?he other he seeks to recover$231,000 from former Governor Jas.B. McCreary, president of the company; W. H. Giltner, Jo C. VanMeter,James L. Watkins, Forest Butts,Wallace Muir, J. L. Zaring, Price M.Witt, T. J. Biggerstaff, Thomas C.Rankin, L. L. Dorsey, Judge John M.Lassing, Morgan O. Hughes, C. J. Elbrick, Charles H. Berryman, ClaudeTVTereer. Robert M. Scott, Harry u.Hanger, Younger Alexander, RobertA. McDowell and James F. Jett,money Vallandingham is' alleged tohave been allowed to draw from thecompany without consideration. -Another$40,000 is asked for, on'the ground that it was expended inthe company's business without right.HERE'S PATRIOTISM!Automobile manufacturers of theUnited States have agreed to curtailthe production of pleasure vehiclesand divert a part of their; plants tothe making of munitions t and materials essential to the conduct pt thewar. Details of the plan were discussed at a conference between members of the War Industries,Bqard andmanufacturers at Washington.. Themanufacturers will appoint a committee to co-operate with the Boardin perfecting details of the arrangements that there will be no disturbance of the industry.$100 REWARD $100The readers of 'this paper will bepleased to learn that there is at leastone dread disease that "science hasbeen able to cure In' all Its stages andthat1 is' catarrh; TJatarrh being greatrly1 influenced by constitutional conditions requires constitutional treatment. -Hall's Catarrh Medicine Istaken internally and acts throughthe blood on the Mucous Surfaces ofthe System thereby destroying thefoundation of the disease, giving thepatient strength by building up the"constitution and assisting nature indoing its work. The proprietors haveso much faith in the curative powersof Hall's Catarrh Medicine that theyoffer One Hundred Dollars for anycase that it fails to cure. Send forlist of testimonials.Address F. J. CHENEY & CO.,Toledo, Ohio. Sold by all Druggists,75 cents.(nov-addv)Id lEi isCONSERVED TO PERFECTIONrrvta, oo.naiiori rtaftllnp. n the art of'DatnntiiatisniAniiteeatooareanafireTMichnffrJirtJpr 1 j.v wv .. -3gma& "SjsSffi &.25SHMMir H1MI Wll,1MIHi,vXy.cttto M Sli vev?r .rtf-r: rzi osce wc-LHHPi' 'iA1'" i':rV...-i .ifjfTT... . i m.Ti.rT . .'". '-, Jla- nla-i IB.i ment in vn an ui -inM.mr---t -lcumsacreu tuuu mwiu- ?w ucviii.,,. ..--., ark.News. .. . 0 C,.: ' mortdriumPt vi & w j m(Roseberry, Oregon, Review, August20, 1917.)Conservation in the United Statesis a complete success. The coal. ofAlaska Is s6 'carefully conserved thatthe, Pacific 'iCoast 'ports, where it isneeded, cannot get it. Pacific Coastpeople-might use water power inplace of coal which they cannot get,but that is admirably conserved,says the Portland Oregonian. Or theymight use much more oil as uelthan is now used, and might get, itcheaper, but all the oil on Government land is also conserved. ' TheGovernment itself needs, that r oil toruse on its warships and on the freightships which it is building, or inthechape of gasoline on the auto trucks,motorboats and aircraft which are tofight in the war zones, but it cannotget its own oil. The nation needs toincrease food production, phosphatewould help amazingly, and the Government owns great beds of phosphates, but they, too, are conserved.The Government is in the ludicrousposition of a man who has locked alarge fortune in a fireproof, burglarproof safe and then has lost the combination. He is absolutely securefrom fire and robbery, but 'he cannotget any benefit from Ills own wealth.It is equally safe from his spendthrift proclivities. The only satisfacrtion he derives from his ownership isthe knowledge ' that it is safe, andthat, though h'e cannot gel at fit, noother person can.This is the -finest tribute whichcoujd possibly be offered to Giffprd,Pinchot as the conserver of ouiynat-ural Resources. It might be, added,that due to these policies a f ule .famine is stirring1 'the nation in the face.k 1 mim m , .CERTAIN CURE FOR CR0UPMrs. Rose :M4ddoiiof Greenville,111., has had exper,ierice Jn the treatment of , this . .disease, sne says"Wh,en"my children were small myson had croup' frequently. Chamberlain's Cough Remedy" always ltbipkeup these attacks immediately, and Iwas never with,out:iit in the House.T "hs-vfl. taken it mvself -for' cousrhs'A,:.: KL " Ji" i '!?GIFT selecting is easy in the Gift Shop every Zflrtir.le is a suitable pifV ZIMMENSE variety of baskets madeby the Indiansof our Northern reservations.FULL and select assortment of latest style knitting bags from 50c up.TO make sure of getting good service and choiceselection, buy right now.SPECIALTIES in art needle work hand madenovelties of great variety.LJ OUSEHOLD articles for useful gifts, such as- Japanese Table Covers and Doilies.ON the third floor of our building, the Gift Shopis InPflteH awflv frnm street nnisesis located away from street noises."OLACE yourself at ouryour holiday shoppinShop servicebe easy.and'We have opened the Gift Shoffco weeks earlier thisyear man neretoiore, in oraer xa anora ampie iime to ourcustomers to inspect the articles shown and decide ontheir purchase before the rush holiday shopping is in full-,swing. All articles sold will be put up in appropriateholiday boxes.I WOLF, WEE & 0. iLEXINGTON, KY.UHllllllllllllMMllllllMHIIIIIIIIIIIllllMlliiiitiWANTED !-o a!Every Automobile OwnerIn Bourbon County. T & "! r.K'OH. l.D' ' 'ToHave the Advantage of OurVT- .Tim M A H tH nB M IlfTIIII" Mil K I1!!! I III Iiirj iii i inand colds with, good, results.(nbV-afldv)Bring your old tires to us andhave your work done by an expertwho has had years of experiencebuilding tires. Come and see forOiO'if 4 "yourself.&."! 'vVtUcamzmMfif All KindsIi'ifljo X JBALL4IJAHAdHh r . .ci-j. nodjnwp.; Fmm-Ui mM Pteaiaft 8fc.-. " " . i'lSiin OJiV7 T,Aftt Act t.-i .r... ..---fVfiliilf iff i7r - --wwv., ... . : V f y ,,v.iiCOLlJalftsaatttifYr ' 'Hn I - TTVf , "-. ' ,s v " ""s iu "N "? ' ' - ,p "UilL!' ,11 v -StNrUE F0I3RTHE BOURBON NEWS, PARIS, KY.TUESDAY, NOVEMBER 13, Islfc.1sNEWS OF WOMEN'S WORKINTERESTING TO CLUBWOMEN.,THE KNITTER(By Alice Brown, reprinted in TheLiving Church.)What do you do, Little Sister,Murmering there in the sun?If you please, I am counting mystitches,My new knitting is just begun.What do you do, Little Sister?A scarf for your shiny gold head?Oh, no, let my hair go uncovered,I knit for a lad instead.And who is the lad, Little Sister?Your own lad by love and byright?Oh, no, if you please, it is any dearlad,Barefooted there in the fight.When I saw your bowed head, LittleSister,And your moving nana on yourknee,I thought you were slipping alongthe beadsIn Our Father and Hail Marie.Oh, yes, if you please, I pray "as Icount,And the stitches and prayers makethe sum,Two is for England, four is forFrance,And six is for Belgium.And all the great fellowship follows,Woven in," row after row,I pray as I knit and I knit as I pray,Binding off with Amen at the toe.V' MATRIMONIAL.CHENAULT THOMPSON.The Lexington Herald, of Sunday says: "Mr. and Mrs. OvertonChenault announce the engagementof their daughter, Sarah, to Mr. Jas.W. Thompson, of Bourbon county.The marriage will be solemnized inDecember."RED CROSS LOSES SUPPLIES.With the sinking of the Britishsteamer Wentworth by a submarinelast month, the American Red Crosslost about $200,000 in supplies intended for wounded French soldiers,homeless refugees and hospitals inFrance. The consignment included2,500,000 pieces of surgical dressings, hospital linen and clothing.The Red Cross rooms will be occupied this week as follows:Tuesday Woman's SocietyChristian church.Wednesday Episcopal church.Thursday W. C. T. U.Friday Presbyterian church.There will be work ready for all.r The need is great and you will behappy. in doing your part. Remember that nobody but you, yourself,can discharge your obligation.ofGIVE HAIR FOR BELTING.News filers through the Germancensorship that women in Germanyare giving their hair to be used inbelts for rjunning machinery. In oneinstance, it is said, four sisters refused the high prices that their hairdressers offered them for their hairand gave it instead to the government to be used for belting on submarines.FLORIDAWOMEN HOLD PUBLICOFFICE.Moore Haven, Fla., has a womanMayor and Key West, we are told, istrying to elect one. Miss EdithEdeburn has been appointed townclerk of Mount Dora, to fill out theunexpired term of the former clerk-nrfin moved awav. Florida is not asuffrage State.MEADQUARTERS IN WASHINGTON.The General Federation of Wojmen's Clubs has opened headquartersf Washington, D. C. Tne organization represents about 3,000,000 women from nearly every section of thecountry-A Juvenile Red Cross circle waslaunched some time since at Mrs.Sutherland's school. It is now organized and ready to be taken underthe local chapter.First Vice-Chairman Miss Elizabeth Henry.Second Vice-Chairman Miss LucyFerguson.Secretary Miss Dorothy Jacoby.Treasurer Mr. .J T. Redmon.Chairmen of Knitting CommitteeMiss Willie Soper.Chairman of Sewing CommitteeMiss Florence Hedges.Chairman Finance Mr. HoustonJacoby.Chairman Snippers Miss LillleFerguson.Though Miss Hafford's talk wascut short by the lateness of the hour,she left much valuable informationwith the different committees.A second shipment of knittedgarments sent Nov. 8, consisted of 60mufflers, 75 pairs of socks, 25 pairsof wristlets. 'P3T21 P3EEBEKAHS STATE LODGE ELECTSNEW OFFICERS.The State Lodge of Rebekahs,which adjourned its annual meetingat Eminence honored Mrs. CorrinneGraham, of Louisville, by electinher to the post of secretary of theState lodge for the eighteen consecutive time. At the business meetingof the lodge the following were se1 acted as officers to serve for the encnincr vpar: President. Mrs. IolineHawkins, of Flemingsburg; vice president, Mrs. Elizabeth Hines, ofnnrcrAtnwn warden. Miss MaudeSnnrbeer. of Owensboro; treasurer,Mrs. Margaret Schwartz, of Mayshii a rt secretary. Mrs. Corinneaniiim. of Louisville.The delegates of the order votedth levy of a 10 cents per capita taxupon the membership in tne aiaie 10be applied to the maintenance fundof the Rebekahs and Odd Fellowsfor the aged, located at Eminence.The State membership of the Rebekahs numbers 4,050.The lodge voted to hold its nextamkual session in Lexington in November, 1918.Lucky is the man vho marries a' ck? for -aj.nad that hiswit fe aMe to bake the kind of piesJ wHker tried to make.GILMORE McHUGH.The marriage of Miss Mary Gilmore, of Millersburg, and Mr. JamesBurke McHugh, of Mason county,was solemnized at nine o'clock yesterday morning at the Catholicchurch, in this city, Rev. FatherEugene DeBruyn officiating.The bride is a very attractiveyoung woman, the daughter of Mr.and Mrs. John Gilmore, of Millersburg. Mr. McHugh is an industrious young farmer of near Mayslick,in Mason county. After the ceremony Mr. and Mrs. .IcHugh left fora short bridal trip, and upon theirreturn will reside at the groom'shome near Mayslick.1 1PATENTS AT WASHINGTON DISCLOSE KAISER'S PLANS.That as early as ten years ago Germany was planning to conquer theworld by means of the most frightfulengines of war possible has come tolight in the United States patentoffice.The investigation, which was madepossible by the trading-with-the-en-emy-act,disclosed 20,000 patents onGerman-owned inventions, amongthem the barbarous flame projectorand gas shells; improvements on TJboats; aerial and anti-aerial ordnance; new grenades, heavy cannon,field ordnance, improved high explosive shells and the like. Some of theGerman-owned patents, which maybe utilized by the United States are:Disappearing gun for submarines, abreach loading mechanism for machine guns, automobile gun, pivotstand for wheeled field guns, aircraftgun, gun carriage for ships or autos,.nullifying oscillation, barrel recoilfor heavy cannon to open and closebreach automatically, submarine folding gun.machine gun, incendiary distributor of wide-whirling flame jetswith high explosive combination,incendiary shell, with sharp -nelcombination-, gas shell to be projected by small arms, armor piercingshell designed to burst after penetrating, shrapnel and shell for armored-batteries,smoke trajectory device for tracing shell's course, luminous projectile designed to burst andrelease parachutes bouying balls oflong burning light.m mONLY HONORABLE WARFARESCABS FOR "SAMMIES.""No waste of man power throughdissipation.""No tragic tolls paid to the forcesof evil.""No sacrifice of American spirit totemptation and vice."These are the training camp maxims that are the United Statesarmy typifying the highest ideals ofdemocracy.To safeguard them, the War CampCommunity Recreation Service isproviding the proper environment intowns adjacent to training camps.A campaign to raise funds for thework began Sunday, November 4.A total of $4,000,000 must be subscribed to provide healthy recreationsand proper social conditions for ayear.That is approximately $3 per manfor Uncle Sam's boys in training.Cheap for a year's protection, isn'tit?Do your share.. Send contriputions to local- chairman' or to National Headquarters,1210 G Street, N. W., Washington,D. C.tss i fcaFOX HUNTERS' ASSOCIATION TOMEET AT OLYMPIA.The annual meeting of the National Fox Hunters' Association .will begin Monday, November 19, at Olympian Springs, with the running off ofthe Derby Stake as the feature of thefirst day's session. The meet willcontinue for a week.Officers of the association are T.B. Scott, president, and J. W. Maupin, of Richmond, secretary. Thejudges for the meeting this year willbe Samuel Velson, of Old Westbury,L. I.; H. C. Page, of Newark, N. J.;Dr. William Fellis, of Louisville; W.D. Fulton, of Franklin, Tenn., and C.D. Maupin, of Richmond, Ky.Following the Derby Stake on Monday, the bench show for afi ages willbe held on Tuesday, and on Tuesdaynight the Fox Hunters' grand ballwill take place. Members of the association from all parts of the country are expected to be present for thesession.fe 1.RELIGIOUS.The Woman's Society of theChristian church, Mrs. Custis Talbott, president, will meet in the RedCross sewing rooms in the basementof the court house, this (Tuesday)afternoon, at 2:30 o'clock.In all the churches of Paris Sunday the pastors preached eloquentsermons, touching on the Army Y.M. C. A. campaign, which is inprogress this week. The congregations' were told of the necessity ofBourbon county raising its allotment of $7,500 for the work, and ofthe great good that would be derived from the money contributed forthe 'work.fftHOSPITAL UNIT MAY NOT GOABROAD UNTIL SPRING.Enlisted men, nurses and businesswomen of Hospital Unit No. 40 arebeing advised by Dr. David Barrowto continue with their regular workas if they were not under waitingorders of the War Department. Onthe completion of the unit a numberof the enlisted men and women whogave up their regular positions,have since been calling at Dr. Barrow's office daily, to see if he has received orders.Information has been given outfrom his office that it might be several months before any more definiteorders were received regarding thecalling of the unit into service. Theunit is ready to the minutest detail,and has been reported so to the WarDepartment. The equipment, whichthe Red Cross chapters of CentralKentucky undertook to furnish, isready to the last bandage. Thesesupplies are at present being packedin permanent boxes in the ParishHouse and will be stored in the thirdfloor of the old Leader building untilthey are called for.When the orders come, Dr. Barrowhas explained, there will be ampletime for the business men and womento resign, and for the nurses to windup any cases on which they may beengaged. Therefore the nurses areadvised to make engagements, andthe business men and women, whohave resigned from their positionsto obtain others and students are advised to continue their collegecourses.Some of the young men, who wishto see immediate service, have askedif they were at liberty to enlist inother services in the army, but theseare notified that they are now members of the United States Army, andit is out of their power to make achange.FOR RENT.Cottage on Winchester street,with all modern improvements; as,ana eiectriciy; gooa garaen. AppiytoMRS. MARIA LYONS,(novl3-tf) Main street.Trustee's Sale in BankruptcyTHELAKEVIEW SANITORIUM ANDHOTEL CO.'SEntire Plant and Outfit at AuctionWEDNESDAY, DEC. 5. 2 P. M..On the Premises, Dry Ridge, Ky.Real Estate, Buildings, Hotel Furniture, Fixtures, and Trade Mark oftheKENTUCKY CARLSBADWATER. &c.By order of the U. S. District Court.MARTIN M. DURRETT, Referee,Covington, Ky.W. T. LOOMIS, Trustee,Independence, Ky.TOMLIN&VEST, Attys for TrusteeWalton, Ky.WM. J. DEUPREE, Covington, Ky.,and -vBURCH, PETERS & CONNELLY,Cincinnati, Ohio,Attorney for Creditors.Autction Catalog on Request.THE EFFRON MERCANTILE CO..Auctioneers. No. 334 Main Street,Cincinnati. Ohio.(13nov-5t)FRANK & CO. IThe Reliable StorePractice Economy"By Trading at this Store. 50 SERGE DRESSESHigh Grade Mostly Navy$15.00 Eachr337 SILK DRESSESAll Colors Satins$15.00 EachMaster Commissioner'sSALE-OF-HAVE LITTLE CHANCE TOR ACTIVE SERVICE.Probably not more than half ttiemen in officers' training camps scattered throughout the country haveany hope of getting immediate activeservice with the new National Army.Not more than that proportion ofthe 1,200 men in training at FortMyer have active service in prospect, and the same ratio is said toprevail at all the other camps.All those who pass the test arepractically sure of getting their commissions In the Officers' ReserveCorps, but a good half of these willbe put on the inactive list waitingfor the call to the colors.This is said to be caused by thafact that the first camps turned outenough officers for the troops now incantonments, and the remainder ofthe new officers will not be neededuntil there are new drafts. 'STOVES.Get your Gas andCoal Heaters now,and have them put upready for the coldd3VSA. . WHEELER & CO.opp. Court House.(oct23-tf)IS ISSTOCK, CROP, ETC.LAND!The Master Commissioner of Oldham Circuit Court will sell at publicout-cry at the court house door in LaGrange, Kentucky, at 1:30 p. m. onMONDAY. NOVEMBER 19. 1917,the W. M. Cassaday farm containing255 acres, lying 6 miles south, of LaGrange, and the same distance eastof Crestwood on a good pike; wellwatered and with good fences andimprovements; 175 acres in bluegrass; 120 acres in meadow and 60acres in cultivation; two-story eightroom house; three tenant houses,barns, silos and other outbuidling.TERMS Six, twelve, eighteen andtwenty-four months, or cash.(13-lt)NEW COATSRECEIVEDEVERY WEEKWe conduct our business mutually for our benfit and the accommodation of our customers. Specials will be charged on regular accounts.FRANK C& CO. I"M "If 1 1 l"M'H'M lllll 44 11 U 1 1 1 I HI HI M I HI I IMTurney Bros, have shipped inthe past two weeks 150 mules toYork, Pa., to Mr. Joe Kindig. Thebunch averaged $120 per head.Caywood & McClintock shippedSaturday to Cincinnati 700 hogscosting from $13 to $15.50. Also Scars of cattle to New York, whichcost 10 cents per pound.te Hi feTO TAX PAYERSTax receipts of thecity for 1917 are nowin the hands of CityCollector ClarenceThomas, at the Peoples Deposit Bank.Call and pay themnow.J.T; HINTON,(auglO-tf) Mayor.THE TOWN THAT PRODUCEDC0NGRESSW0MANJL graiiL dealer in Carlisle, Pa., hasa clock with Are hands tt&t indicatesthe prerairin grain quotations.When Miss Jeannette Rankin waselected to serve her native State inCongress, for the average citizen eastof the Mississippi she put Missoulaon the map. The lady from Montanawas the lady from Missoula and Mr.Average Citizen who heretofore hadregarded Montana as a State of sheepand cowboys began to wonder aboutthis town that had produced the firstCongresswoman.The city itself is very proud of itsdistinction, prouder than it is of itswonderful scenery or the Universityof Montana. Other towns have scenery and State universities, but thereis only one Jeanette Rankin.Strictly speaking Miss Rankin wasnot born in Missoula proper but on a"ranch" about six miles south of thecity, one of the fertile farms thatsurround the town. The Bitter Rootvalley is noted for its fruit farms.Apples and pears grow to fabulousperfection, according to the natives.The city lies on the Main Divideof the Rockies. The mountains riseabruptly from the level plains. Mis-soula is typical western with typical western industries mininglumbering and ranching. Recentlya sugar beet-iaetory has been .started near the city'. Missoula hopes tobe the "suear citv" of th wvsf Tintit .is -doubtful-if, the tWn will ever.nave a .stronger claim to fame thanit gained by producing the Ifirst'Congreeewoman. V i v' -.'. - .-7, .i y4.q.v' iv ftWALSH'S CLOTHESWill Command Your Respect!wALSH'S CLOTHES are designed and created by the leading style artists intne country, every garment is hand tailored and is guaranteed to givesatisfaction to the wearer. The new fabrics in the latest weaves andpatterns are to be found here in abundance. Yon will Tnn(hiUu .when you see our clothes, on having the best in town, and vonr fnVnrl. ;ii jmire your clothes on account of the style and pattern. And then after wearing J"WALSH'S CLOTHES" you will be convinced they are the best values in town:MILITARY STYLESThe new Military Trench Suits and Overcoats with belts all around are provingour best styles. You will find them here in either single or double breasted inthe newest weaves and patterns. The values are exceedingly good.$ 1 5.00 to $30.00Knox Hats-Hart Schafner & Marx ClothesManhattan ShirtsR. P. WALSHMain and Seventh ( ONE PRICE STORE Paris,oTUESDAY, NOVEMBER 13, 1917.THE BOURBON NEWS, PARIS, KY.PAGEFIYBumj)FOR THE BESTNOTHING ELSETO RECEIVE TURKEYS.We wilS begin receiving turkeys for theThanksgiving marketon Thursday, Nov. 8,and will continue toreceive up to andincluding Thursday,Nov. 15. This earlydate for closing ismade necessary bythe congested condition of the railroad.C S. BRENT & BROSOCIAL AND PERSONAL.Comingsand Goings of "OurPeople Here, There andElsewhere.TES Si B3NEW STETSON HATSin new khakiDAVIS & CO.In this morningcolors $5., . J. W.IS fe' ' IMPORTANT MEETING.There will be a very importantmeeting of the Girls' National HonorGuard held at the court house at 2p. m., on Friday. Let every memberbe present.fe laCONDUCT SUCCESSFUL SALEThe members of the Mission Circle of the Paris Christian church realized the nice sum of $42 as netproceeds from the sale of edibles, etc.,they conducted Saturday.T3 i ISMEN WANTED.Harness and saddle and collar cutters, wax thread machine operators,harness makers. Men having experienced in custom .shop can soon learnour jmethods of cutting. Good wagesand six months' work. Good boardcan be had for $5 and' up. No labortrouble and open shop. Railroadfare advanced to men furnishingreferences. The Perkins CampbellCo., 622 Broadway, Cincinnati, O.(9-4t)la teDAVIS' TWENTY SUITS.A special showing at $20 tailoredto tine Davis standard, which meansbeet in style, fit and service.-11 MLET THEM PASS.Parties who have been shootingthe blackbirds which pay this vicinity an annual visit en route South,should remember that they are in-dulging in a very dangerous practice.It is a violation of the United Stateslaw protecting migratory birds, andif your Uncle Sam comes after youon this proposition you will find himharder to deal with than the localauthorities.Let the birds pass on. They arejust paying up a little social call,anyway.. 1 1QTHANKSGIVING CONCERTThe Boys' Band of twenty-sixmembers and the Girls' Orchestra, ofsixteen members from the Odd Fellows' Orphan Home, at Lexington,will give a concert and entertainment in the Circuit Court room atthe court house in Paris, on Thanksgiving night, Thursday, November29 th.The program will consist of instrumental selections by the Boys7Band and the Girls' Orchestra, bothmusical organizations of proven excellence, vocal selections, recitations, etc., all combining to make a(nrofirram that will be both enter-1taining and profitable.A small admission price will becharged, the proceeds to go to theOdd Fellows' Orphan Home. Furtherannouncements of the event will begiven in the Paris papers.fe ISREELPOOT LAKE PISH.Mr. George Clayton, of Midway,was the guest of relatives in Parisyesterday., John Koontz, Jr., son of Mr. andMrs. John Koontz, is ill at the familyhome on South Main street.Mrs. W. N. Featherston has returned to her home in Georgetownafter a visit to Mrs. Laura Skillman.Mrs. Stanhope Widemann andchildren are visiting her parents,Mr. and Mrs. J. D. Purcell, in Lexington.Mrs. Eliza Cooper has returnedto her home in Flemingsburg, aftera visit to her son, Mr. John Cooper,in Paris.- Lieutenant Catesby Spears wasat home several days the past weekj from Camp Benj. Harrison, near Indianapolis.Mr, Monroe Sweeney, of Bethany, W. Va., is the guest of hismother, Mrs. Alice Sweeney, on Higgins avenue.Little Miss Ann Jouett Daviscame over from Louisville, Saturday, for a visit to her father, Mr. J.Withers Davis.Mr. and Mrs. Hiram S. Red-mon have returned to Frankfort, after a visit to Mr. and Mrs. A. P.Bryan, at North Middletown.The November meeting of theU. C. T. "W. was held yesterday atthe residence of Mrs. William Myall,at Main and Eleventh street.Misses Mildred Lisle, of nearParis, and Miss Lucy Lee Ford, ofCovington, were week-end guests ofMr. and Mrs. Frank W. Sledd, inNorth Middletown.Mrs. Dana Bean, who recentlysold her home in. North Middletown,has moved to Paris, and has takenrooms at the residence of MissesJaynes, on High street.Mr. W. C. Potts returned to Williamson, W. Va., j'esterday, after avisit o his family, at the home ofMr. and Mrs. George Duvall, onLilies ton avenue.BW. W. B. Taylor and Mrs. Taylor, of1 Bethany, W. Va., and Mr. andMrs. C. T. Eals, of Gynthiana, wereweek-end guests of Mr. and Mrs. Geo.W. Wilder, on Cypress street.Mrs. Kate Kinder and son, Mr.Thomas Butler, of East Paris, willlave .Wednesday, and Mr. and Mrs.George C. Thompson will go Thursday to St. Petersburg, Florida, tojoin the winter colony of Kentuckians there.Mrs. Lou Cline Talbott, of NorthMiddletown, who has been a guest ofParis relatives for several weeks, leftSunday for Indianapolis, where shewill make her home in the futurewith her son, Mr. Daniel Talbott andMrs. Talbott.Mrs. Harriet Minaker, VisitingNurse for the Bourbon CountyHealth and Welfare League, has returned from a visit to her old homein Canada, accompanied by her sister, Mrs. Restrick, of Picton, Ontario, who will be her guest.Mr. N. Winn .ulsle, son of Mr.and Mrs. D. C. Lisle, of near Paris,who was recently appointed aide tohis uncle, Brig-Gen. Frank Winn,has been promoted to the positionof Captain, and is stationed at CampFunston, Ft. Riley, Kansas.At the meeting of the ParentTeachers Association held in theAuditorium of the Paris HighSchool yesterday afternoon the(members discussed the subject, "TheValue of Play," and other subjectsof general interest.Mr. Edward Fitzpatrick, who hasbeen spending his eight-days' furlough with relatives in Paris andCynthiana, returned Saturday to theAtlantic Coast Station to rejoin hisship, the "Oklahoma." Fitz enjoyedhis visit greatly, and hopes to be ableto return for another visit before thefleet goes overseas.Winchester Daily Sun: "AmongFresh caught Reelfoot Lake flshreceived every other day. We dresstYiem frAA nf r.harere. Baltimore oysters fresh every day. j prize for the highest score, a smallTvrATjnnTrcwc satsJttary MEAT ! oil painting in a gold frame wasj the young men from Paris , in thiscity Saturday to attend the dancewere Messrs. Drake Thompson, Harmon Turner and Alvin Thompson . . .Miss Frances Hancock, of Paris, visited in Wen Chester, Saturday .... Mr.Harry Jones, of Paris, passed throughWinchester, Saturday, en route toAshland, on a business trip."At the "Red Cross card party"given recently by Mrs. 0. T. Hintonat her home on High street, theMARKET.IS TS TS(13-2t)KILLS BALD EAGLE.A magnificent specimen of theAmerican eagle, of the "bald" species, was captured Saturday by Mr.Francis Breeze, on a farm near UiiivoVtofh Tiic nmintv- Mr. Breeze sawtiiP Pfl4-lP on a larsre tree, and secur-iceeds being contributed by the hosawarded to Mrs. James H. Thompson. Mrs. A. B. Hancock drew thesecond prize, a picture, while thsconsolation prize, a hand-paintedscore card and four tallies forwhich all drew, was drawn by Mrs.Frank Kiser. " No refreshmentswere served, but a. small sum wasassessed against each guest the proinsr his srun took a snot at it,ing first under the impression thatthe visitor was a hawk. The shothi-nTrA fhP bird's wine, and otherwise crippled it. Mr. Breeze's hu-. Hancock, Mrs,be-itess to the Red Cross fund. MnHinton's guests were, Mrs. Katherine Davis Craig, Mrb. Edward Prichard. Mrs. Ray Taylor, Mrs. ArthurJams H. Thompson,manitarian instincts-prompted him to 'Mrs. Fay Ardery, Mrs. Sid Ardery.n th" bird The eagle measured !Jr, Mhs. F. P. Kiser, Mrs. Woodforcseven feet from tip to tip. Its talons , Daniel, Mrs. Amos Turney, Jr., MissJ! !, ti B in iftntrth. Mr. I Ethel Bruce, of Eaton, 0.; Missd,o TOiii cpnd the bird to a taxi--Belle Horton and Miss Corinne Col-dermist to have it mounted.SALE' OP NIPPERT PROPERTY.Auction epr M. F. Kenney sold yes-tc-'lavlX public sale for Mr. Philjc nn-t, agent for the heirs of thelate Mr. Phil.Nippert, Sr., the business houses on Main street, now occupied by Mrs. Come Watson Bairdand Mr. Harry Linville, to Mr. A.Adami. for $13,325. The cottagerm -Fifth ctrAPt. occupied by Dr. J,lins.(Other Personals on Page 3)1 ISNEWSPAPER MEN EXEMPT PROMDRAFT SERVICE.On the ground that newspaper menare of more value as disseminatorsof publicity than as soldiers, the district board has exempted Joseph M.Stevenson, business manager of theSouth Bend (I.nd.) News-Times.Gabriel R. Summers, father-in-lawT Vansant'and Dr. Bruce Anderson, of Mr. Stevenson, and principal ownJ nnrehased by Mrs. A. J. Fee, for er of the News-Times, made a written$4 675 The tract of land compris- statement in which he claime dising 91! acres lying on the east side charge from liability for militaryof the Maysville & Lexington rail- service for the said Joseph M. Steroad was purchased by Mr. Charles venson upon the ground that he isPeddicord for $2,025. The tract of engaged in an industrial enterprisefivfe acres' lying on the wst side of necessary to the maintenance of the'the railroad, rnear the plant df the military establishment of the effectParis Ice Manufacturing Co., was ive operation of the military forcessold to Mr. Wm. H. Whaley, Jr., for or the maintenance of the national! 405 interest during the emergency."A mumbir of milch cows were sold j All newspaper men in the 21 counto iittttt rtftM at price ramfing tiee comprising this district of Ridif rm $St to $75, wkile chickens, sold ana, who have appealed their casesL for cents each. hare been exempted. .PRESERVING THE SEED CROP.After this war the United Stateswill be in possession of an invaluableasset, the major part of the world'sseed stock, cattle, hogs and sheep.The International Live Stock Expossition is the principal agency in thisprocess of preservation and accumulation which will put North Americain. an enviable position.The seed stock of Germany, Belgium, France and other Europeancountries has been depleted to the extent of extermination. Great Britain is faced with the prospect ofslaughtering pure-bred flocks andherds if the war continues, and lackof feed may force Holland and" Denmark to adopt a similar policy thiswinter.The pick of this seed stock of theequine, bovine, procine and ovinespecies will be exhibited at the International Live Stock Exposition thefirst week of December. It will be adisplay of superlative merit, possiblenowhere else on this mundane sphereunder present or post-bellum conditions. Those who miss it will haveneglected an opportunity.The civilized world must have asupply of animal foods and in thepresent emergency; providing it isthe task of the United States. Under normal conditions the 1917 International Live Stock Exposition wouldhave had a vastly greater economicvalue than its predecessor; with thecertainty of semi-famine conditionsfor years to come, the institution hasassumed greater importance thanever.es is mMASTER'S SALE OP LAND.Auctioneer M. F. Kenney sold atthe court house door in Paris, Saturday morning, for Master Commissioner Oscar T. Hinton, the J. T. Williams property, consisting of 9acres of unimproved land on HoustonCreek, adjoining Martin Connor, toThomas Bryan, for $1,407.00.THE PAIRTHESE SPECIALS ON SALE.Friday and SaturdayOnly.Just Here. One Wurd About WarPrices.Some lines have been advancingfor the past two years and are stillon the ascendant. We contractedfor much of the staple goods in thisstore at the earlier and lower pricesof six months ago, and we sell themto you for prices based on our firstcash cost, and not on the presentwholesale market valuation.Hand Saw Files, each 5 cEnameled Steel Gray CoffeePots, first quality, 1 1-2quart size, each 1 9cDresden Blue and WhitePot Covers, all sizes,choice 1 0cThe best Oil Painted Window Shades, each 3 7c(Fine automatic rollers, 3, 4, 5, 6,7 feet long. Assorted widths up to38 inches. All pure white. Bringmeasurements.)Nickel Plated Safety Pins,all sizes, per dozen 3cNickel Plated CrochetHooks, all sizes, each 3 cExtra Fine Bread Toasters,for coal or gas, each 20cAluminum House Numbers,2for 5cTinware Menders, selfflowing, per box 15cRubber Heels, all sizes,tacks included, pair 1 0cBlue and White MottledDish Pans, 21 quart size,each 69cPost Cards, 10 for 5cWe guarantee that any articlepurchased from us will satisfy youperfectly; that it will give the satisfaction you have a right to expect;that it represents full value for theprice you pay. If for any reasonwhatever you are dissatisfied we expect you to return it to-us at our expense. Blue Stamps with every 10 centpurchase.THE FAIRMflRGOLEN'S- SPECIALSFor This WeekGood Grade Cof- onfee, per pound -fiUCGood Grade 4riour,24-lb. sack..$l-OUHead Rice inpsr pound IOCPork Chops -nper pound oUCSausage nper pound 3UCMflRGOLEN'SSanitary Meat MarketDDON'T MISSTHIS SALE!SIMON'SSAVE ON ACOAT NOWNovember GreatestCOAT SALE!Bringing to the Women of this City Just the Coats ThatThey Want At Savings of From $5.00 to $10.00."tFIUST the right styles, the rightI m . I .mm. AL. a & E A. - - - A. . 1 " Muiuis, uic ngm materials, voaisfor every type and occasionWomen's Coats Misses' Coats Juniors' Coats extra size Coats.2,000 Coats all told over fifty different styles; every fabric and color;undoubtedly the greatest coat sale ofthe season.COATS attRV53 --t -J4-.'Ltltrtnr 3riZ1U ' L". "'" -y" VJi3.l'J' ''--A group oi winter s newestmodels in flared, belted andsemi-fitted styles: larsre collars, trimmed with Kerami and silk plush;large pockets, wide belts, finished with buckles and buttons. All new fall colorings.$12.98Clearance Sale ofMILLINERYAt Less than One-Half Price.$400 and '$5.00 UntrimmedHats at $1,98$7.50 and 810.00 UntrimmedHats at $3.98$2.00 and $3.66 Trimmed Hats $1 loO$3.00 and 4.00 Trimmed Hats $1 .98$4.00 and $5.00 Trimmecl Hats $2.98$5.00 and $6.00 Trimmed Hats $3.98$10 and $12.50 Trimmed Hats $4.98$20 and $25 Pattern Hats..$10.00$1.00 and $1.25 Children'sBonnets at 59c$1.00 and $1.25 Hat Trimmings. . .49cChildren's Tarns at 50c25c and 35c Ribbons at . . 1 5cCOATS atCOATS at$16.50A most wonderful selectionsnappy new styles, made ofall wool, velours, cheviots andKerseys, smartly belted, flared, plaited; Empress and rippled effects, with large collars offur; plush, velvet or Kerami; submarine orcape effects; oddly shaped pockets; deep cuffsto add to the beauty of each garment; allnew colorings.$22.50Style, quality and warmthare the dominating featuresof these wonderful coats. Allup-to-the-minute styles. Many copies ofhigh-priced models shown, in Velours, Pompoms, Borellas and Kerseys. Many highwaisted models, large fur . collars, otherstrimmed with fur fabrics or self material;many full lined; all new colorings.HARRY SIMONMAIN STREETLEXINGTON, KY.One Price To AllMAIN STREETPARIS, KY.Agent For Munsing Wear and Warner's Rust Proof Corsets.Join Our McDougallH H I I$iWe Have Only a Few Places Left !and $1.00 Per WeekPuts One In Your Home$1Just a Few Places Left!Join the Club To-day!THE & T HINTON 0:And you get thebest Kitchen Cabinet made when youget theMcDougallAnd the McDougallis the only KitchenCabinet made thathas theAUTODISAPPEARINGFRONTMOTOR HEARSEs - ? uMOTOR INVAUD COACHUNDERTAKINGil:it.vr v' - - . v - . ,it-THE BOURBON NEWS, PARIS, KY.TUESDAY, NOVEMBER 13, 1817,1STRIKES RESPONSIVE CHORD.The following Everett True outburst from Editor Hiram Duley, ofthe Flemingsburg Time-Democrat,"Will strike a responsive chord in thebreast of every newspaper man inthe State:"If the fellows who are firing 'freepublicity bulletins' a t us ruralroosters of the country press wereput upon the 'firing line' and made tofire on the 'Boches' as industriouslyas they fire at us, the war would soon.be over. There is too much energyand good white paper expended intrying to 'work' the country papersfor all sorts of 'free' space. We feelthat we are doing our 'bit for thecountry without filling up our columns with stuff sent out by high-salariedagents of various Governmentaldepartments. Ie we could get printers who did not have to be paid andpaper dealers who did not demand I nevermoney for white paper on which toprint all this flood of matter, then itwould be different. But we can't."A CHILD HATES OH.CALOMEL. PILLS FORUVER AND BOWELSGrive "California SvruD of Figs" IfCross. Sick, Feverish,ConstipatedCAHAL BROS.Look back at your childhood days.Remember the "dose" mother insistedon castor oil, calomel, cathartics.How you hated them, how youfought against taking them.With our children it's different.Mothers who cling to the old formof physics simply don't realize whatthey do. The children's revolt iswell-founded. Their tender little"insides" are injured by them.If your child's stomach, liver andbowels need cleaning, give only delicious "California Syrup of Figs." Itsaction is positive, but gentle. Millions of mothers keep this harmless"fruit laxative" handy; they knowchildren love to take it; that itfails to clean the liver andbowels and sweeten the stomach,and that a teaspoonful given to-daysaves a sick child to-morrow.Ask your druggist for a bottle of"California Syrup of Figs," whichhas full directions for babies, children of all ages and for grown-upsprinted plainly on each bottle.- Bo-'A CASE OF BLUFF.(State Journal)A Tokio publicist is quoted as saying that the Imeprial Government ofJapan is ready to guarantee the independence of the Philippines if theUnited States will grant it.This is a bit of Japanese bluff. Thepublicist knows well enough that theUnited States Government, a government by parties, is not likely to grantthe Philippines their independence.He knows that neither political partywhen in power has shown any disposition to tackle the subject directlyand with the purpose of cutting thegordlan knot of our undesired ownership of the islands.The Japanese never have been popular in the Philippines and intelligent islanders would look upon Japanese dominion over the archipelagoas the worst of all thinkable disasters. It may be that the Tokio gentleman who makes this proposalwants Manila papers to copy what hesays, that Japan may gain popularityin the Philippines. Of couse, Tokiowould have no interest in guaranteeing the independence of the Philippines even if the United StatesBARBER SHOPpVompt andCourteousPatrons.Attention toware of counterfeits sold here. Seethat it was made by "California Fie should wish to do anything so undigSyrup Company." Refuse any other nified as to ask Japan to undertakekind with contempt,- Ifil FBI PB(adv)MRS. P. 0. STUCHELL TELLS HOWSHE CURED HER SON OFA COLD.HOT AND COLD BATHS.You Don't Have toStoopIf You Use aGarlandCabinetRangeItrSasSiGSSd'nsasSBSSflBBiBHBBsfBtRRRsUlllHHIliSItrirI ft ImWm ll"When my son Ellis was sick witha cold last winter I gave him Chamberlain's Cough Remedy. It helpedhim at once and quickly broke uphis cold," writes Mrs. P. 0. StucheU,Homer City, Pa. This remedy hasbeen in use for many years. Its goodqualities have been fully proven bymany thousands of people. It ispleasant and safe to take.(nov-addv):SojiwacgfjymKQSM iyJbv "1Tl 'J. lim.. ivjwpwmywmMS.jMlMidlmM:m-v -ythat job, admitting the inability orthe reluctancy of America.Japan might have an interest inowning the Philippines outright, orin occupying the position of a foreign Government with a "paramountinterests" in the islands. She couldhave no interest in the expensive jobof fifty or sixty varieties of Filipinos, civilized and savage, and theproposition is upon its force a transparent bluff.ifca a fcaTikHEREa heap of joyin a ton of good coal.Your stove or furnacewon't have "much troublefrom extracting comfortfrom a ton of coal if youbuyit from us. Our rapiddelivery will please you.A' beautiful line of Garlands on dltfelay. "Come in and look them over.Paris Gas & Electric Co.(Incorporated)W. C. DODSONSouth Main St.The Home of Good Coalf4 && n'fcJ J ( 'Iwr in iiG. W. DAVISFuneral DirectorCorner Fifth and Pleasant Streets, Paris, Ky.Day Phones 137 Night Phones 2S9 or 999Automobile Ambulance Automobile HearseUndertaking0ur Winton-Six Automobile Ambulance with Johnson &Johnson First Aid Equipment and the Lungmotor (recentlysecured by us at great expense) a resuscitating device foxthose apparently dead from drowning, gas-poisoningr- electricshock, collapse from anaesthasia, etc., alwaysteady fof-service. DAY' OR NIGHT. Phone us immediately .when' anflpinont nprnrsDON'T DRUG KIDNEYSRUB BACKACHE AWAYInstant Relief! Rub Pain. Sorenessand Stiffness From Your BackWith "St. Jacob's Oil."Kidneys cause backache? NoThey have no nerves, therefore cannot cause pain. Listen! .Your hackache is caused by lumbago, sciaticaor a strain, and the quickest relief issoothing, penetrating "St. Jacob'3Oil." Rub it right on the ache ortender spot, and instantly the pain,soreness, stiffness and lameness disappears. Don't stay crippled! Get asmall trial bottle of "St. Jacob's Oil"from your druggist and limber up.A moment after it is applied you'llwonder what became of the -backache,sciatica or lumbago pain. "StJacob's Oil" stops any pain at onceIt is harmless and doesn't burn ,ordiscolor tne skin.It's the only application to rub ona weak, lame or painful back, or forlumbago, sciatica, neuralgia, rheumatism, sprains or -a strain. (adv)TYPOGRAPHICAL ERRORS.'The compositor is one of the mostuseful as well as one of the most exact of men, but he occasionallymakes a mistake. That great preacher, Dr. Jowett, who is coming backto England from America to takethe pastorate of "Westminster Chapel,was the victim on one occasion, saysLondon Tid-Bits.He was to speak at a mission inBirmingham and handbills were issued to advertise the event. Thiswas the last line on the bill: "Dr.Jowett and other fiends will addressthe meeting."Ea feAN OLD MAN'S STOMACH.As we grow older and less active.less and less food is required to meetthe demands of our bodies. If. toomuch is habitually taken, the stomach will rebel. When a man reachesthe advanced age of 85 or 90, youwill find that he is a light eater.Be as careful as you will, however,you will occasionally eat more thaniyous should and will feel the need ofJ Chamberlain's Tablets to correct the1 1- . i' . .... - ' .iajsoraej. .Tnese taoiets ao not,con-taia-iepsin,-l)utstrengthen the stomach an4 enable it to perform its functions naurallyi They also cause agentle mpvJEsment of the bowels,v. ' trT- (nov-addv)fe IS isXSCHRECKHCHKEIT!mm c" lHB II BI) 111It Saves Gas 1The economy alone of thisDETROIT JEWEL f"SPECIAL"GAS RANGEMakes it unusually desirable: "Better baking, greater conveniences, extreme cleanlinessand durability, make it unbetterable at any price.On Sale This Week at Only $40.00 jA Special Representative From the Factory Will Be !mLMmm. . M. u im Ti MJfc mncrc uctoDcr Z9du, 41.T. W. SPICERMain Street, Opposite Court HouseBOTrfipHONESIt is the romantic author who entertains us with what we would liketo have happen to us, but it is theimaginative author who thrills usmost with what "might" happen tous!"In the "Phantom Parasite" in November Cosmopolitan Arthur B.Reeve has woven a fantastic talearound a base German plot todestroy the food supply of Americaby ruining the crops.Craig Kennedy, the scientific detective, ventures to solve a mystery,which is terrorizing the whole country and he does it in his characteristic, scientific fashion.But all through it you cannot helpthinking "that 'while the plot is extremely fantastic, at the same timeit is "hot an "extreme example of thesort of horrible efficiency againstwhich the world is in arms to overthrow German autocracy.Here is a story that you will readfroim start to finish with the utmostinterest and concern. The best yetNovember Cosmopolitan.L0 lmu) ttMlktariSam Mw) UgS x: 3- V wisMl - iffiB"DROM every angle, the Paige "Six'39" is an- ideal five "passenger motor car. It is bigenough to afford luxurious comfort for all fivepassengers, yet light enough to insure mini"mum expense of upkeep.Best of all it combines Paige beauty and Paigemechanical efficiency in the fullest degree. Itis a car that you can be proud bf a car thatwill reflect not only your good taste but youi;sound judgment as well.See the Paige dealer at once. A single demonstration will prove convincing.Essex "Six-55 7-passenger $1775; Coupe "Six-55" 4-passengcrs $2850; Town Car "Six-55" 7-passenger $3230; Limousine "Six-55"7-passcngcr $3230, Sedan "Six-55" 7-passenger $2850; Brooklands4-passeneer $1795; Linwood "Six-39" 5-passeneer $1330; Glen-dale "Six-39" Chummy Roadster $1330; Dartmoor "Six-39" 2or 3-passenger $1330; Sedan "Six-397 5-passenger $1925.AlbPrices f.o. b. Detroit.:T.VPAIGEDETROIT MOTOR CAR COMPANY, DETROIT, MICK . ' lli iI P. P. WHITE : II With DiclcerBori Be. Doufflaa Garage, Attx and High 9t.. Fa.rif fV ' SERVICE STATION Ui 51 i -1II jpT-.4 O .,1 ,A. ; '"' ' t m ""'Vya,-?REAL ECONOMYMeans Buy Your Winter Supplyof Neqessry Clothing- Now.When the tinie comes for us to replenish our stockprices will be greatly advanced. Present price JonMen's and Boys' Suits, Overcoat, Underwear, Shoe,Etc., are very reasonable at our store.LET US HELP YOU SAVE!Twin Bros. Clothing and Shoe Dept.we faive and Redeem Blue Trading Stamps619 Main Street, Paris, Ky.THE HICKS 1918 ALMANAC.FOR A WEAK STOMACH.As a general rule all yoju needtodo is to adopt a diet suited to yourage and occupation and to keep yourbowels regular. When you feel thatyou nave eaten too much and whenconstipated, take one of Chamber -kiin's'Tablets.For more than twenty-five yearsthe Hicks Almanac has had a worldwide reputation. The 1918 Almanachas been prepared by Irl R. Hick3,Jr., assisted by Rev. John B. Noyes,for many years the assistant editorassociated with Rev. Irl R. Hicks.Bigger, brighter, better than ever isa concise description of the 1918 Almanac. It is now ready and is soldas before for 35 cents postpaid.Word and Works is the name of themonthly family magazine founded byRev. Irl R. Hicks. The subscription Iprice is $1.00 a year, including acopy of The Hicks Almanac to thesubscriber. Send 5 cents for a sample ,copy. Write World and WorksPublishing Co., 3401 Franklin 'avenue, St. Louis, Mo.The Bourbon LaundryDAVIS & FUNK, Props.Telephone No. 4. Wett 5 Street,J ' w :Hi.PILES! PILES! PILES!WILLIAMS INDIAN PILE ODjlENt 1 1win crura jiuxxx, ieeainjr ana itcaimgvues.1 Morb Ue tumors uys itcalag ju .one,For mmUty tXL fcfU'l irnXUMi'P'Satisfaction is OurWitchwordWith all the latest improvements in laundryappliances and experthelpers we are preparedto- do work inferior tonpne, and solicit yourpatronage.I IteNMMrfry.WiVmrltf KMittakv." k t.tJ , (moT-addv)vwKnovnT-xn, int Dmffwi.iJt, i&y"igU&iizt''xAi n n .-X----'.,:-'- "'woa jdlm;rr'v-. ' k1' "!-'fip.,'5, j, . -. -, ' - . k "HK HK' .$ 2"EVERY FOOT IN THE OIL SANDSMeans One Cent Rise in Stock!Mr. Chas. Wilmoth, VicePresident of the Company,accompanied by Mr. H. s!Joseph, a stockholder, hasjust returned. Read whatMr. Joseph has to sayabout our Erie, Kansas,field:"For a steady producing field,I have never seen a more promising oil country than the Erieand Chanute, Kansas. Whilethere early in November, a finewell came in across the road fromyour Cornwall lease at 4 99 feetand there is now no question ofthe productivity of not only thislease, but also your Phelps leaseadjoining."THEMID-WESTLIBERTYOIL CO. IncWATCH THE CLOCKS-?-in miJK8 p h "ms el' SOAR" !jlN.,Were You Ever Offered the OPPORTUNITYto Invest Your Money with MoreRepresentative Men?S. E. Kerr, Ex-County Clerk, Taylor County, Campbellsviil, Ky.W. C. Bell, Farmer, Paris, Ky.Wilmoth Bros., Grocers, Paris, Ky.Thomas Wilmoth, B. & 0. R. R., Paris, Ky.Joseph Lippman, Ex-U. S. Dist. Attorney, Salt Lake City, UtahJohn M. Hays, Asst. Sec'y Utah Copper Co., Salt Lake City, UtahHarry S. Joseph, Mining Engineer, Ex-Speaker Utah House ofRepresentatives, Salt Lake City, UtahD. L. Wertheimer, Gen'l Manager, Kahn Bros. Grocery Co., SaltLake City, UtahS. S. Pond, Mine Operator, Salt Lake City, UtahHarold Peery, President Preston Milling Co., Preston, IdahoWith these men and other satisfied stockholders from your own town, you may be sure that everythingconnected with this Company will be open and honorable, aggressive and strong your interests and everybody else's will be fully protected. (That is the big thing to know when you go into any oil or other investment proposition. yi - ..Now is the time to send in that order" for the stock at the price as will be indicated by the dial as theeagle soars so will the stock, as the oil sands are penetrated.Taylor county is destined, unless all signs fail, to be 6ne of the banner OIL AND GAS counties of theState of Kentucky. WILLIAM CLEMENT LEONARD, well-known Geologist and Efficiency Expert of 3536Broadway, N. Y., has passed an opinion favorably. -, ...: $u ....DRILLS ON THE GROUND ATGeo. Van Dyke's Farm, NearMannsville, KentuckySEE IT WORKTHE MID-WEST LIBERTY OIL COMPANY owning a large acreage OIL and. GAS Leases in Taylor' and other counties, 1782 acres Erie and Chanue, Kan., Field 350 acres within y mile of large productionin that field, and incorporated under the laws of Kentucky, under the direction of JUDGE DUNDON; GeneralCounsel of Paris, Ky., has ONE MILLION SHARES (1,000,000) of whichTHREE HUNDRED THOUSAND SHARESwere subscribed to and paid by the above named gentlemen, and left about SIX HTJNDER AND ITETYTHOUSAND SHARES of TREASURY STOCK to be used for development purposes.This is a straight forward business-proposition, and all money secured through sale of stock will be usedfor development purposes of the above-named property, and any others we may secure.Liberty Bonds Good As GoldMail or bring your certificate or receipt, or order on your Bank for your LIBERTY BOND and a certi-fiicate of the MID-WEST LIBERTY OIL CO. STOCK at fifteen cents (15c) per share NOW, will be immediately mailed you for the amount of your bond.(Tear off here and mail after filling out this blank.)TO TH0S. WILMOTH, Paris, Ky. .I hereby Subscribe for., shares of the Capital', Stock of THE' &ID-WEST LIBERTY OILCO., a corporation of Kentucky, for which I enclose $:. ....-, ..in full payment thereof, atEIFTEEN CENTS (15c per share. . .. ;,. '. .' ' 1 JName .-....-.-...,.... .....-.-.-..i Street or R.E.D .......'. ..Box .Occupation Town . . . .-. .-. State . . -The Taylor county wellis now 140 feet deep inblack oil shale, and a fewmore days should bringin the oil sands in boththe carniferous and theClinton formation. TheCompany has purchased alarge drilling machine andfull equipment, which willbe delivered in the nextfew weeks.:-.rf, t 1,!VS '...v't' i1 'THEMID-WESTLIBERTYOIL CO. Inc.W. C. BELL, PresidentTHOS. WILMOTH, Secretary and Treasurer,', rPAGE EIGHTcSEf THE PARIS GRAND AND ALAMO' ""IIHillllllllllHIIIHlllHlltlllllllllllllltHlllMt!I'Ikfii44The J. T. Hinton Co.UNDERTAKERSAND MMBALMERSParis Kv.Mainand SixthStreetsDay phone 36Night : . . 56or Home 286Motor equipment.Ambulance calls promptly attended to withLimousine Invalid Coach.Hearse used for funeral purposes only.4wIwI,4,'I''I'I,'l',l'C'0C,C'C''I'vt''I'V'IvII'It'II,I''I'I'l'I,'I''I'1ti4nifr jt tfr 2 J ft t 3 2 jrourMILLERSBURGSPEARS MILLJoe Carter and family, and WillRankin and family were guests ofHarry Wells and wife, Sunday.Russell Hinkle and wife havereturned home after several days'stay with friends near Sharpsburg.S. R. Hudnall and ElizabethHudnall were in Richmond lastweek on business.Mr. Andrew Case, of near Lex-home, afterseveral davs' visit to his sister, Mrs.John Wells.Strother Harney, of Berea Coll-Thursday, November 15DOROTHY PALTONTuesday, November 13ANITA STEWARTin a Vitagraph Blue Ribbon FeatureThe Message of the Mouse"Wm. Duncan and CarolHollowayin the 10th episode of"The Fighting Trail"Wednesday, November 14ADOLPH ZUKOR PRESENTSMarguerite ClarkIN"THE AMAZONS"by Sir Arthuiv Wing Piners. Directed byJoseph Kaufman. Produced by FamousFlayers on the Big Paramount program.BRAY'S PICTOGRAH'SBRAY'S CARTOONS AND KLEVERKOMEDYIN"The Flame ofThe Yukon"ALSOA Triangle Comedywith Star Comecians in"A Janitor's Vengeance"PricesAt the Alamo Children 5c war tax lc; Adults 15c war tax 2c.At the Paris Grand Children 5c war tax lc; Aduit 15c war tax 2c.Colored persons, Children 5c war tax lc; Adults 10c- war tax lc.ORCHESTRAAlamoRaris Grand. 2 to 5s307 to 10:30rr ' - - -she was no less popular both in- her j F. Talbott, and two great-nieces,old home ancf in her new one. Mrs. Grover Baldwin, Mrs. H.E. Fos-She was married several years ago ter, all of Paris; and four nephews,to Mr. Ulie J. Howard, a prominent i Messrs. Craif Shipp, Fithian Shippmember of the Covington legal fraternity. Their married life was ideal,and their home a source of the greatest pleasure to both. Her culturean'd lovely disposition soon made hera favorite as a newcomer in Covington social circles.Mrs. Howard is survived by herhusband; one son, Charlton Alexander Howard, aged eighteen; herand Paul Shipp, of Lexington, andE. T. Shipp, of Boston, Mass.The body was removed to the homeof Mr. and Mrs. W. F. Talbott, onSeventh street. Funeral serviceswere conducted at the grave in theParis Cemetery, Sunday afternoon atthree o'clock, the committal servicesbeing under the auspices of th2Masonic bodies of Paris and Shaw-mother, Mrs. Belle Brent Alexander, ! han, and Couer de Ziion CommanMrs. Belle Taylor and Mrs. J. It.Long continue very much the same.4DD BURGMrs. E. M. Ingels is visiting herniece, Mrs. A. C. Clockseim, at Cleveland. O.Col. and Mrs. .C. M. Best were inSton has returnedguests of Col. and Mrs. Carroll Hamilton, at Mt. Sterling, Sunday.At. a. rpffiilar mppfinp- nf thf P.itvCo acil last Wednesday evening an . edSe- was a guest of his parents, Mr.ordnance was adopted regulating and Mrs; Jeff Harney, Saturdaythe limning of poolrooms within the and Sunday.city limits. This is in compliance! Robert Polhtt, who has beenwith the State law and will be thor-1 visiting relatives and friends inoughly adhered to. All of the pro-, Sharonville, Ohio, for the past fourvisions of the law re embodied in weeks, has returned to her home,the ordinance. I Private Willie Hill, of CampI rTo-t7lrT' T-rmicvillo wn3 a vi?irnr at.A mass meeting of the citizens .' -u ' i- ' -mvc -noi.-iuc iiuiuc ui uia a.u.ui,Mrs. Frank.Mitchell, Saturday night and Sun-of Millersburg in the interest of theArmy Y. M. C. A. vork was heldSunday afternoon at the M. M. I. Au-tS nt n" ' Pit at botli morning nd .evening ser-day.-Rev. Mangum will be in the pul-, rinai! of fha Tla-nfic rVi ii rn"h TIPVt"?-??- ;enI?j!:J0i. Sunday. Everybody come. All areL1XU. .ITX1.. 4J. 1-1. -V11LU.V, JL i al 13, U.11U.by Lieut. Colliver Dawes and Private Allen Huddleston, of Paris, "who are member of the Bourboncounty contingent at Camp ZacharyTaylor. Of the 800 allotted to Millersburg, 600 was raised at themeeting, which was a most enthusiastic one.The first number of the LyceumCourse, under the auspices of the RedCross Society, will be given Wednesday at 8 p. m., at M. C. Auditorium,"by Charles R. Laggart, musical humorist. Mr. Laggai-t is one of the ; and Irs. J. Will Clough. The grandwelcome.! Sam Harding: and Maury Willisare verv busv engaged in theslaughtering of turkeys. They havea large force at work and expect tokill several thousand.Mr. and Mrs. J. C. Hudnall entertained Sunday with dinner inhonor of their children and grandchildren. Those present were Mr.and 'Mrs. J. C. Hudnall, S. R., William and Hallie Hudnall, ElizabethHudnall, Mr. and Mrs. Joe Napier,Mr. and Mrs. Willie D. Wagoner, Mr.Nation's celebrated humorists, andmany of his songs are used by theEdison Phonograph. They have contracted with him for all his prc-Suctions. It will be a rare treat, asTiis work is known everywhere. Leteverybody come. Remember thecause. If you have not secured season tickets, do so before the eveningof entertainment. The Red Cross isgoing to give you a course of fivenumbers, which is worth having.Season tickets can be procured at$1.50 each. Don't forget the date.I have recently purchased thestore room lately occupied by Mr. J.P. Auxier, and have opened a storeof general merchandise. My stock isall new, and I make a specialty offresh meat and staple groceries. Ialso handle some diy goods and footwear. I am prepared to sell you atthe lowest cash price. -Remember Iam out of the town limits, on the"Maysville pik,children were: Shadie, George,Henry and Margaret Hudnall, 'Russell and Brice Clough. Ora, Calvinand William Martin Wagoner, andRobert Pollitt.5 K3 ISDEATHS.,LISLE.The funeral of E. C. ("Jack")Lisle, whose death at hite home inWinchester last week, presumablyby hos own hand, shocked friendsand acquaintances in Paris, washeld Sunday afternoon at threeo'clock in the Winchester Cemetery,with services conducted .at the graveby Rev. Wm. Cummings. The pallbearers were Messrs. W. Kidd Allen,opposite the Cynthi- j Walter Bean, Lewis K Hamiltonn. xt. Xjyuu, vreu. w. ibuus a-uuMaurice Miller. The honorary pallbearers were Judge Lee Evans, A.R. Spahr, J. M. Hodgkin, E. R.Booley, J.E. Gaitskill, Warwick Gay,J. M. Wheeler and Steve Swift.Mr. Lisle was a member of one ofClark county's most respected andinfluential families.He was of a kindly and charitabletwo sisters, Mrs. Owen L. Davis andMrs. Buckner Woodford, all of Paris;and one brother, Mr. Charlton Alexander, of Bourbon county.Funeral services were held at thefamily residence in Covington yesterday afternoon, and the intermenttook place in the Covington Cemetery.dery No. 26, of Paris, of which organization he was a devoted member.HARROD.The funeral of Mrs. Miranda B.Harrod, aged seventy-two, who diedat the home of her daughter, Mrs.James Peffer, near Paris, last Thursday night, was held Saturday afternoon at 2:30 o'clock at the Pefferhome. Services were conducted bjrWILLSON.Mrs. Mary E. Wilson, aged seventy, widow of Mr. J. A. Wilson,died at her home near Clintonville,Saturday morning at one o'clock, after a short illness of a complication' ol diseases. Her husband, who was ione of the best-known farmers inClark county, preceded her to thegrave twenty-one years ago.Mrs. Willson is survived by the following children: Howard S. Willson, and Mrs. Thos. L. Cunningham,of Winchester; Mrs. T. R. Gooch andRev. M. Goldsmith, of the Baptist" j Mrs. Elmore Greene, of Gallatin,church. The burial followed on the . Tenn. ; Miss Lena Wilson, Turnerfamily lot in the Paris cemetery. Willson. Jouett Willson and MissMrs. Harrod was a resident of Cov-j Nettie Willson, all of Clark county.ington, and while on a visit to herdaughter, Mrs. Peffer, was seized.T.4V ntt illnncp -iirT i nV raciiltod itl TimWilli till 11IUWO "'" iwuiivu ill i JJ !, -ir-TT. ?'U nnv. ICSHICUUC Ull LUC V dlllVlCUCl piiVC IICO.1i Clintonville, with services conductedRhodes. The burialthe Clintonville Ceme-MIHMMHINMIMIii! The funeral was held Sunday! morning at eleven o'clock at her latedeath. She had been a guest of Mr. inn1 TVTr.r- "Doffo ainna AnoriictMrs. Harrod is survived by her i1, HP1i t-j-,ctt tt a i i followed innUSDaUU, MI. J. -O. xaailUU, UL W- , mllQ n,U0nro war.a ToCnflrJames i, , - X ' "i"0ivjuuonaiu, wm. u. jjiorence, Jamesinsrton. five daughters, MrsPeffer, of near Paris; Mrs. CharlesWerst, of Sidney, O.; Mrs. JamesCollins and Miss Arville Harrod, ofSilver City, New Mexico, ani Miss A.B. Harrod, of Convington, and oneson, Mr. L. P. Harrod, of Cincinnati.COFFEE.Mrs. Ida JJall Coffee, aged fiftynine, wife of former County ClerkA. J. Coffee, of Scott county, diedSaturday afternoon at her home nearCenterville, this county, of catarrhof the stomach, after nearly a year'sillness.Mrs. Coffee was a most highly estimable woman, very popular with alarge circle of friends, and one whoselife was an example to all aroundher. She is survived by three brothers, Bruce Hall and Wm. Hall, ofScott county, and James Hall, ofMidway.The funeral took place yesterdaymorning at 10:50 o'clock from thsresidence of her brother, Mr. BruceHall, in Georgetown, with servicesconducted by Rev. John J. Dickey, ofMaysville, assisted by Rev. J. E.Moss, of Georgetown. The pall-bearerswere Thos. K. Snuff, Bruce Anderson, Harvey Giles and James McNally, of Georgetown, and GeorgeBurberry, of Centerville. The interment took place in the GeorgetownCemetery. 'Clavborne, Jas. Estes, Harlan Kennedy, Thos. Tipton, N. P. VanMeterElkin Hunt.Keep Your Kodak Busy!"The Army lives on letters" is the way the boys atfront put it. And when those longed-for envelopes withthe home town postmark contain pictures of the homefolks "and home doings they go far toward making lighterhearts and happier faces.Keep your Kodak busy for the sake of the lads in thetrenches, the boys in camp and on shipboard. Help keeptight the bonds between the home and those who arefighting for that home.DAUGHERTY BROS.FIFTH AND MAIN STS.i sm9999m9999999m99m9m99999999mmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmm9mana Dike, and can sive you greater"bargains for cash than you can getelsewhere. I will deliver goods to anypart of Millersburg, where the orderamounts to as much as fifty cents.Home Phone 4.novl3-2t) JAS. HOWARD.Mrs. Jennie Pollock, aged 81,died Friday at 8 a. m., after a six-!- S11nn 1 J1.2i;j. I.weeto.& miie&t) ul seiiemi ueuiiicy, etc ,i ,,. i, ,, x,ithe home of her son-in-law, Mr. Wm. Crogs campaign in Clark county wasShtV MrS- pfolloclVvas a native one of the most earnest workers.o Bourbon county, and was born in' He a raember of the WinchesterTaaris. She was a daughter of Mr.Lodge of Elks. Mr. Lisle was verya,uu -ii. niuuiiii.ni iuuvAmueii, auu. .,i j t,,:. ,j ,o-r,-,r nf Vi?yas one of a family of several chil- Mends h who had known nim'indren, all of whom have preceded her.life attended the funeral Sunday af-tu me grave, wueu a, yuuug wuma.ii, , ernoonsue was united in marriage to ivir.,Wm. Pollock, also a native of the- county, and the greater part of her-life was spent on the Pollock farmnear Millersburg. Their union wasblessed with four children, two sonsHOWARD.After a long illness, duringwhich she bore her sufferings withChristian patience and resignation,ana two daughters, all of whom with . Mrs. Caroline Alexander Howard,the exception of one daughter, Mrs. formerly Miss Caroline AlexanderWright, have preceded her to the of Paris, died at the Christ Hospital,rave. Her husband died a number ion Mt. Auburn, in Cincinnati, at-of years ago, and for a time after I eleven o'clock Saturday morning,this she and a widowed sister resided j Mrs. Howard was a daughter ofin MillersBurir. After the death of the late Mr. Charlton Alexander,her mother, Mrs. Belle Brent Alexander, still residing in Paris. Shewas born in this city, wheie shespent the larger part of her happylife, and where she was held in thehighest esteem by all who knew herHers was a disposition that shedTier isteT, Mrs. Talbott, she went toresifi with her daughter, Mrs."fright, where she died. She is survived by one daughter, Mrs. WTight,A granddaughter, Mrs. LawrenceThorne, and a grandson, Mr. Johnmntrni ni h ttaa cl iuciuum uivmuvi , . .. rof the Presbyterian cnurcn ana m suusume au auuui uei, auu. uciher younger days was active in ' friendships were unlimited and unchurch work. The funeral took place stinted. In her lovely girlhood sheSunday at ten a. m. at the Wright ,bnd about her a circle of friendshome, with services conducted by her j a hose devotion held her as somethinguastor. Rev. A. S. Venable, of the .apart yet near and dear. In afterPresbyterian church. Interment in years when the dignity and responslthe Millersburg Cemetery. bilities of matronhood became hers. WILLIAMS.Nothing in recent years has soshocked the people of Paris as thesudden death of Mr. J. DouglasWilliams, who for many years hasbeen behind the desk at the Windsor Hotel, tin this city.Mr. Williams was in his usualhealth on Thursday night, and juptbefore closing for the night, he wastalking and exchanging stories witha group of traveling men in theoffice. As he went to his room forthe night, he turned to the groupand remarked that he felt betterthan for years. This was the lasttime he .was seen alive. On Fridaymorning when he failed to appearfor duty at the usual hour, and theusual call meeting no response, amessenger was sent to his room. Hefound Mr. Williams apparentlysound asleep. Al efforts to awakenhim proving unavailing, a physicianwas called, who, upon examination,pronounced Mr. Williams' death tohave taken place several hours previous. He had passed away peacefully, asthere was no indication of a struggle.His death was ascribed to hearttrouble, of which he had frequentlycomplained.Mr. Williams was a native of Bathcounty, where he was born seventyfour years ago. Most of his youngerlife was spent on his father's farmnear Sharpsburg. He came to Pariswhen a young man, and was employed in various capacities. Aboutten vears aso he became an attacheof the Hotel Windsor, were by hisuniform courtesy and attention topatrons he became universallyknown and very popular. He wasvery fond of children and it was hi3greatest pleasure to have a group ofthe little ones around him as hisguests.Mr. Williams is survived b3r twosisters, Mrs. Blannie D. Shipp, ofLexington, and Miss Lucy Williams,of Covington; one niece, Mrs. Wm.NOWIS THETIMEBuy Your Fall and Winter Shoes NowGreatest purchases ever made by one concern brings youmost opportune values. Every member of the family canbe shod correctly at a great saving.Every Item Represents a Saving of One-Half !ee cnes new, stylish shoes, compare the Quality andyou will wonder at the low prices prevailing prices here,.: Just a Few of the Many BargainsLadies' Black Kid High Cut Boots, Louis or mediumheel, $5.00 value $3.95Ladies' Havana Brown English BootsS7.00 values $5.50 and $4,95Ladies' Black English Boots, $4.00 values $2.99Ladies' Gun Metal English Boots $2.49Men's High Grade Russ. Tan English Shoes $4.QOMen's Gun MetalShoes, buttonand laceMen's Tan WorkShoesMen's Gun MetalShoes$2.99$2.49$t.99f 1 -ii" ""J mmSI Boys' Misses' and Children's High Quality Shoes!DAN COHENParis' Greatest .Shoe StoreWhere Beautyjand Economy Reign9Qz1U- -w -4S' ?f&i ,tf, ? Vfc j&L -v -w itu. frjste' i4ift v-j... . . " ,f2&b. 1fc--i. ..VS: fisJtf'b?Vjfcjt ";' s"-: .V.& '