- fTHE-X--C .B.t tL-.' ' . , .2fr- ra.".-v f5. .-i.- - "--s--- . ' , glf , ,. - -T-vPUBLISHED EVERY -TUESDAY AND FRIDAY IN THE YEAR.VOLUME XXXVEIPARIS, BOURBON COUNTY, KENTUCKY, TUESDAY, AUGUST 2PF 1917BOURBONNEWS9EXEMPTION BOARD COMPLETESWORK; ISSUES THIRD CALLOwing to the failure of the first andsecond calls to fill out Bourbon county's quota in the draft call, a thirdcall for 180 men has been made.These young men have been notifiedto -appear before the Board on "Wednesday, Thursday and Friday of thisweek for examination.Of the 428 men called in the firstand second draft, only seventy havebeen accepted, they making no claimfor exemption. The notices to the180 men were mailed by the BoardSaturday.The Board completed its work Friday with examination of the thirdfifty of the 150 men summoned inthe second call for examination. Fivenew names were added to the rollof honor of those waiving exemption:Frank H. Parker, Wm. Williams, Virgil Cooper, Offutt Spears and S.Brooks Woodford. Those dischargedas being physically unfit for servicewere Matt Lair, Leroy Jones, ElijahRankin, Rhodes Stanhope, EugeneLair, Robert Jones, Clyde Rowland,"Mark Herrington and Ray Pepper.ThfcJocal exemption board receivednotification from the District Boardin session at Lexington that they hadnot yet made a decided plan for announcement or consideration ofclaims for exemption. The claims,Chairman Prichard said, would probably be taken up as they were sentin, and would be considered a countyat a time. In this way the firstcounty to report would be the first toreceive announcement of the action ofthe higher board, and will be the firstto be called upon to summon its menfor service. The decisions will probably be sent to the local boards assoon as complete lists have been acted upon.The District Board furthei statedthat each case would be decidedstrictly upon its merits. 'The question which will be" considered, according to the members of the Board, iswhether 'a man is now engaged in anoccupation or enterprise which makeshis retention in his present occupation necessary to the best interest ofthe nation with reference to the war.President Wilson has wrritten Secretary of War Baker that the drafting of men who head families should"hp AYnmincd carefully in order toHELD TO GRAND JURY ON MURDER CHARGE.In Judge McMillan's Court, Saturday, Henry Hawkins, colored, whoassaulted and badly beat a negro woman named Sarah Leer, near Claysville, some weeks ago, was arraignedon a charge of murder, and held overwithout bail to appear before thegrand jury at the next term of theBourbon Circuit Court.The Leer woman died in a Lexington hospital as a result of the brutalbeating at the hands of Hawkins.The charge'against her assailant wasaccordingly changed to imurder.An inquest was held by CoronerRudolph Davis, the investigation revealing substantially the injuries asreported in previous issues of THENEWS. The body was buried inLexington, as no relatives could befound to take charge of it.Qi n IdFORMER PARISIAN PINED FORVIOLATING DOVE LAW.Charged with violating the Stategame laws by shooting doves out ofthe' regular season, Warren Stoner,formerly of Paris, and his companion,James L. Ewing, were placed underarrest Saturday near Owingsville bySpecial Deputy Game Warden BushBishop, of Paris. The men were alsocharged with hunting without having the required hunter's license. A;warrant was also issued for Stoneron a chafge of using insulting andabusive language. They were takenbefore U. S. Commissioner Wood atJMt. Sterling for trial. Stoner wasfined $40 and costs and Ewing $20and costs.Looks like rather expensive sport,doesn't it? There is one thing certain the State Game Warden andforce of deputies intend to prosecuteall such violators of the game laws tothe very limit.3 IS ISGAS BURNERS HARD TO GET.Manager Sternbergen, of the GasCompany, tells us that it is almostimpossible to get gas burners for furnaces in fact all supplies are veryscarce. He also asks us.-to say tothose who are contemplating usinggas in furnaces that if their ordersare not placed NOW he will be unablei to nil mem at an. mvery oraer winavoid it if possible and expressing j be filed as it come in and filled inthe view that single men should be tie order is was receiVed first come,taken where ever possible. first served provided he can get theThe eitect or me opinion oi jrie&i-j DUrners (24-2t)fcs IS IdHERE'S A CHANCE FOR SOMEPARIS CHAUFFEUR!CAPT. WINN PROMOTED TO RANKOF MAJOR. 'An appeal for more ambulance A deserved promotion has come indrivers for service with the American a military sense to Capt. Charles P.military hospital in France was con- Winn', who is a graduate of the U.tained in a cablegram received from S. Military Academy at West Point.Paris, France, Sunday, at headquar- When the Spanish-American War wasters of the hospital in "New York City. ( declared, Capt. Winn, who was inAt request of the French military au-! business in Paris, was placed in comthorities, the hospital, formerly J mand of Co. I. Second Kentucky Regknown as the American Ambulance, iment, recruited from Bourbon counhas taken over the handling of all ty. After the close of the war Capt.wounded in the Paris zone, it was an- W4nn reenlisted in ' the service, andnounced. Service will be for six . spent several years in the Philhmines.i - ?METHODISTS TO HOLD CHURCH ANOTHER BIG TREASURY L0AJTCONFERENCE. OVERSUBSCRIBED.months, without pay. Only men exempt from draft because of age orsome slight physical disability, willbe accepted.1 tej lgIS "KID" KIDDING ABOUT WINCHESTER DEAL?dent Wilson will be the extension of ja more liberal policy toward the exemption of married men than heretofore. There is no secret in the President's views which conflict with theinterpretation placed upon the lawby army officers.Army officers contend that Congressvoted down the amendment to exempt married men and contendedthey have no legal right or authorityto exempt them except on the groundof dependency.The President's view is that thedrafting of married men and theheads of families should be avoidedin the first draft at least.The following is the full list ofthe 180 men who will appear beofre the Board, this week, the firstnamed to appear to-niorrow, (Wednesday) :ORGAN RECITAL AT NORTH MIDDLETOWN CHURCH.(429(430)(431)(432)(433)(434)(435)(436)(437(438)(439)(440)(441)(442)(443)(444)(445)(446)(447)(448)T4'49)(450)(451)(452(453)(456)K457)257-An organ recital will be given atthe North Middletown Christianchurch on Thursday, August 30, forthe benefit of the choir" of thatchurch.Miss Irene Carter, an artist of considerable note, will be the feature onthe program. She will be assisted byProf. A. L. Boatright, director of theParis Christian church choir. Theprogram to be rendered is one of exceptional merit.A recent issue of the WinchesterDaily Democrat has the following regarding the recent visit there of Mr.Leer Stout, of Paris, who, accordingto the Democrat, is seeking to branchout in the restaurant business:"Leer 'Kid' Stout, the prominentParis restaurateur, was a visitor inWinchester, Thursday, co,ming hereto look over the field with the view ofopening up a first class restaurant inthis city. Mr. Stout, who has been inbusiness in Paris for a number ofyears has attained quite a reputationand the great possibilities offered byWinchester has caused him' to centerhis attention on this city to embarkin business."Mr. Stout said he had received anumber of inquiries from Winchesterpeople in regard to the possibility ofhis being induced to come here tostart a first-class restaurant andduring the past few weeks businessmen from this city had been urginghim to open up a business here. Inresponse to the earnest solicitation hecame here to look for a location andconfer with a number of businesspeople."If Mr. Stout should decide to opena restaurant here it will be along theline of the one he is now conductingin Paris and will operate them in one"connection. This was his first visit tothe city 'in several years and he wasvery much impressed with the progressive spirit that has resulted in somany public improvements and therapid strides the city has made in acommercial way."El 51 1"3MALANEY UNDER CONSIDERATION.Through an overblght in our item-in regard to the new council's selections for city employes, the name ofJohn Malaney was omitted as, beingfavorably mentioned as Superintendent of City Works.Returning to America he was assigned to an important command at anarmy post in Maine. From there hewas transferred to Newcastle, NewHampshire, where he remained several years.A few days ago he was notified ofhis promotion to the rank of Major inthe Field Artillery branch of the service. He has been assigned to dutyat Ayre, Mass., where he will be stationed until further orders.Major Winn has won jmarked distinction in military service. Hisrapid promotion attests his gallantryand efficient service. His many friendsin Paris are gratified to hear of thehonor conferred upon him, and hopeshe may yet attain higher rank.i ii gMISS MAGUIRE NOT TO BE A CANDIDATE.Miss Frances Folsom Maguire, ofLexington, who was a member of theParis High School faculty some yearsago, has declined to make the racefor County School Superintendent ofFayette county on the Citizens' ticketagainst the Democratic nominee, Mrs.Nannie G. Faulconer.Miss Maguire made a phenomenalrace in the primary, against Mrs.Faulconer, being defeated by only aslender margin. She declines to makethe race against her successful opponent, giving as her reason that she istoo good a Democrat, and that shecannot go through the physical strainof another campaign. Miss Maguirerecently accepted the position asprincipal of the Millersburg GradedSchool.Miss Maguire has a host of friendshere, who warmly commend the standshe has taken in this matter, and whohope that her reward may be sureand certain should she again seek theoffice.THE WEATHER.The weather forecast for the weekbeginning Sunday, Aug., 26, as sentout from Washington, is as follows:For Ohio Valley and Tennessee:Fair; cool first part of week; increasing cloudiness and possiblyshowers Thursday or Friday.The Paris Methodist church willhold a church conference Wednesdayevening, at 7:30 o'clock, following" ashort prayer service. Important matters of interest to every member ofthe Methodist church will be takenup and discussed. A large attendance is desired.A ,meeting of the Board of Stewards will be held to-night at 7:30o'clock at the Methodist church.Every member of the Board is urgedto be present.The last quarterly conference of theMethodist church will be held Sunday. Presiding Elder C. F. Oney willbe present at the morning service andadminister the Sacrament of theLord's Supper. The business sessionof the conference will be held at 2:30o'clock Sunday afternoon. The annual conference will convene in Lexington, Sept. 5, at which the preachers of Kentucky will be assigned totheir various charges for the ensuingyear. Rev. W. O. Sadler will closehis second year as pastor of theParis church, and it is hoped by hiscongregation that the Bishop willagain assign him to this charge.Rev. Sadler is popular not only withhis own members, but with the people in Paris and Bourbon generally.He is an eloquent and forcefulpreacher.IS fe feB-4 PI REInsure withW.O.HINTON &SON,Agtsia i$70,000 EIRE BURNS SIXTY-SEVENMULES.Fire believed to be of incendiaryorigin, which broke out late Sundayin the stables of the Hall Teamingand Coal Company, in Louisville,caused damage of $70,000, and for atime threatened to communicate to anarea of more than three blocks, occupied by coal and lumber yards. TheByrne & Speed Coal Company's officeand a section of the- yards were burned, entailing a loss of $10,000. Theentire stable buildings of the teamingcompany, housing 90 horses andmules, were destroyed. Sixty-sevenmules were burned to deah and others, which stampeded end escaped,were so badly injured it was necessary to shoot them.51 1 "RFire, Wind and LightningInsurance.Thomas, WcscEford & Bryan.to m paJames Boaz, 40 Nineteenth Street, Paris.1109 Louis Rose, R. D. 2,Paris155 waiter Thomas Record, 908 Main Street,Paris.284 Owen Turner Gibson,Main Street, Paris.133 James N. W. McClure,Paris.807 William Henry Rankin, R. D. 2, Paris.867 Alex Hutsell, R. D. 1,Winchester.930 Barnes Wilson, NorthMiddletown.185 Chas. Arbut Wachs, 109Tenth Street, Paris.1398 Kenney Keller Kiser,R. D. 6, Paris.265 John C. Corrol, Twelfthand Main Streets, Paris.285 James Hubbard, 1953Main Street, Paris.in3 T?ra.nk L. Cox, Pans.1119 Robert Barton, Hutch-is011--r-r i. I.1051 Grover Oder, Hutcni' son.560 Rufus Lanter, R. D. 9,Cynthiana.303 Paul Makel,1531 MainStreet, Paris.563 Emmett E. Mastm,Millersburg.2ii Washington Holmes,37 Main Street, Paris.1435 Geo. William Wyatt,R. D. 9, Cynthiana.1163 John Albert Burden,Paris.146 WiJHam Powell, MainStreet, Paris.843 Jesse Williams Case, R.D. 1, Paris.1050 Charlie Osborne,Hutchison, Ky.1376 Len Dyehouse, Shaw-(454) 1379 Sam R. Ewalt, R. D. 5,Paris. 1I 4.(455) 1008 Alex Beasley, Clinton-TrillA229 V. D. McGoldrick, Main'" Street. Paris.410 Thompson Parker, $iHanson Street, Paris.(458)(459(460)(461)(462)(463)(464)(465)(466)(467)(468)(469)(470)(471)(472)(473)(474)(475)(476(477)(478)(479)(480)(481)(482)(483)(484)(485)(486)(487)(488)iWE KNOW MW j299 Charles Ernest Martin, High Street, Paris.1075 Rodney Martin Weathers, Austerlitz.1189 John Jackson, Paris.750 Geo. Prewitt Smith,Carlisle.58 Clennie Dunnigan,Vine Street, Paris.1443 Ranson Burden, R. D.6, Paris.150 Arris Pollard, PleasantStreet, Paris.19 Wm. Merrick, Fourthand Pleasant, Sts., Paris.400 John Adams Mucker,Seventh Street, Paris.1320 Finnell W. Galloway,Paris.4 William M. Cooper,Vine Street, Paris.115 Russel Moreland, Clifton Avenue, Paris.832 Arthur Hanson Blount,North Middletown.1180 Commodore Grinnell,Paris.206 Jas. H. Everman, Second Street, Paris, (en' listed.)228 Robert R. McMillan,Houston Avenue, Paris.1489 Harry Leeds, R. D. 5,?iris136 Paul J. O'Connell, Clifton Avenue, Paris.872 Charles Hatfield, R. D.1 Paris.430 Robert Daniel Taylor,Seventh Street, Paris.328 Victor McCampbeliWjlliams, High Street,Paris.965 Lee Kerr, Paris.96 Frances William King,Parrish Avenue, Paris.1519 Geo. B. Williams, R. D.7 Paris896-U31aude Mack, NorthMiddletown.1098 Joe Jackson, LocustStreet, Paris.624 Mack Miller Jones, Millersburg. 570 J. Elgin Poole, Millersburg. 544 Ben Hillman, Millersburg. 1021 Joe Dan Fight, Escondida. 747 Ivan Clark Sojper, Carlisle..(Continued on Page 3.)It Is Hot Too LateTo Buy Summer Clothes!There will be lots of hot weather yet and you willhave plenty of time to wear and feel comfortable in lightweight clothes.S33i:Palm Beach SuitsMohairs and Crash Suitsmade skeleton lined and very light weight trimmingsthroughout. Light weight Underwear in union suits andseparate garments. Silk Shirts and Madras Cloths.STRAW HATSAT HALF PRICESoft brim3 and plain sailors. Low Cut Oxford Shoes,tans and vici kids and light weight black calfskins.Everything that you need to ,finish out the Summerwhether you spend it at home or away on a vacation.Heavy oversubscription of tketreasury's latest offering of shorttime certificates in anticipation ofthe second Liberty Bond issue is announced by Secretary McAdoo. Thissue, $250,000,000, brings the totaltnus subscribed up to $550,000,000the previous issue, $300,000,000, also,having been oversubscribed.The increased size of the two of-ferings of certificates over the offerings made in advance of the firstLiberty Bond issue is regarded aspresaging a larger offering of Liberty Bonds in the second issue thanthe $2,000,000,000 of the first issuerDetails of the second issue have not Jbeen announced.Mitchell & BlakemoreStetson HatsManhattan Shirts Nettleton Shoesr"SNIPPERS" WOEK TO CLOSE ONSATURDAY.Because of the opening of schools,Saturday, Sept. 1st, will be the lastday for the "Snippers" to meet at theRed Cross rooms to work on fracturepillows. Mrs. F. A. Wallis and MissCarolyn Roseberry," who have hadcharge of this work, are very eager tohave every young "Snipper" present.Come promptly at 9:30 a. m., withscissors, and make a splendid endingof this work. The "Snippers" wouldbe glad of any donations this week ofscraps of (materials to cut, be sent tothe Red Cross rooms, Third and Mainstreets.There have been many splendid donations sent into the differentbranches of the War Relief and RedCross work in this county this summer, but one of the handsomest andfinest gifts was a donation of twelvefeather pillows, 18x26 inches in size,which were given by Mrs. GeorgeCurrent, of this county, and weresent to a hospital in France throughthe Queen Mary's Needlework Guild.iof New York City. We print thegracious letter of appreciation sentMrs. Current:"Queen , Mary's Needlework Guild,"New York, August 20, 1917."Mrs. George Current, R. R. No. 6,"Paris, Kentucky."Dear Mrs. Current:"We most gratefully acknowledgereceipt, through the courtesy of Mrs.F. A. Wallis, of your very generousdonation of the feathers contained inthe fine pillows to-day received fromMrs. Wallis. W,e cannot express-toyou our gratitude, and you probablycannot appreciate how much we valueyour voluntary and generous assistance. "We are taking the liberty of enclosing one of our leaflets, explanatory of the Guild's work, also a menbership card, and it would give uspleasure to enroll you as a member,should you so desire. The needs inthe hospitals abroad are past the possibilities of conception, and everygift now received is more than everappreciated."With renewed thanks and keenappreciation of your goodness, believeme to be,"Yours most cordially,"THEODOSIA M. STRINGFBLLOW,"President."If there are friends in the countrywho have feathers, or in fact, any.thing that could be put to use to alleviate the suffereings of soldiers orcivilians in France, the donationswould be most gratefully received,and should be sent to Mrs. F. A.Wallis, 616 Pleasant street, Paris.RESERVE YOUR JUDGMENT.In our humple opinion, "no seUofmen have had greater responsibility"upon them than the members of thelocal exemption board. rr sn..Evans, Sheriff W. F. Taihntt rCounty Clerk Pearce Paton. Theywere virtually called upon to say justwho shall and who shall not respondto the country's call for army service.In performing this service it wasbut natural that their decisionsshould not meet with universal approval, and natural that there shouldbe some dissatisfied ones, as therewere no two cases alike, and all people do not see alike. It is thereforehighly proper that the public be careful in criticising the members of theboard or their decisions, at least until all the facts are known. Underthe law these 'rulings are subject torecall and all those who have beendischarged stand automatically appealed in behalf of the government.No one wants to see any particularperson go into the army service, yetthis war must be won, and in orderto win it we must have men. It istherefore absolutely necessary thatBourbon county furnish its proportionate part, and those who have noreal dependents, or whose familieswould have means of sustaining themselves in the absence of the registrant, and who are found physically .fit, must, in our judgment, be thefirst ones called.S fe feRESIGNS AS SECRETARY.At a recent meeting of 'the Boardo fDirectors of the Bourbon CountyY. M. C. A., the resignation of Mr.Herndon, Waller as Assistant Secretary was tendered, and reluctantlyaccepted. Mr. Waller was one of the .firstmen in the first call of the selectivedraft to be chosen for the UnitedStates Army, and made no plea forexemption. He expects to leaveabout September 15 for the trainingcamp at Camp Taylor, near Louisville. In his absence Mrs. Waller willreside with her mother, Mrs. DweeseWilliams, in Georgetown. ""PS IS IBB 'PREPARE POR SCHOOL.Boys' suits, stylishly tailored, yetstand the hard wear a school boy canput them to, some with two pair oftrousers, $7.50 to $15.00.J. W. DAVIS & CO.fe lea saL. & N. EMPLOYE INJURED.B. Kavanaugh, L. & N. fireman, hada narrow escape from death by beinguunea unaer an aveiancne of coal inthe south yards. Mr. Kavanaughwas taking on a supply of coal forhis engine at the big concrete coal,chute, when he slipped and wascovered by the downpour of coal.Workmen' in the yards saw his plightand by heroic efforts, dug the nearvictim from the mass of coal andtook him to his home on Vine street,where he was founfi to have sustained a fractured bone in one foot and 4severe bruises.fe 1 ISiFT. THOMAS DESIGNATED AS RECRUITING DEPOT.A special from Washington, underdate of August 27, says:"Fort Thomas, Ky., is designatedas a recruit depot, and turned overto the Adjutant General of the armyin an order issued forecasting the organization of a general recruit depotservice."STRANGE, BUT.TRUE.In some unaccountable way Sundaypassed without one or more personsbeing smashed up in automobile accidents in or around Paris. Duriaffthe past several weeks there havebeen a number of accidents of aminor nature, but last Sunday passedoff without anything in the way ofan accident to relieve the monotony.UNCLE SAM'S NEWSPAPER OKITLE AT POSTOEETCE.Uncle Sam's official newspaper, '""The Official Bulletin," a daily newspaper of current events, issued, at.Washington, is placed on file in the -lobbyof the Paris postoffice eachday. The public is invited to read it.It contains official news regarding alj ',branches of the service,(k- wS-$K'i-'-' 4frg. v-rids??wNmmmn Hipiiiim Jim wyji, ( j nmjui m. JumjujJSkAftaa'-: 4L-. ;-r r ,. -- , TOBBDA3C, AVQVi&jnftWTWO"IsPlagi'i'Lgjwwwwi1THE BOURBON JSOOK frPAMS KY. .mmhfIX,tl: !fit,- -IrI'llmMiihfc-Uj -"Atx.The Bourbon NewsHit H Ymti tfCm.tkmmt -PuMIofttton.' ibltohtd Evtry Tuesday and Friday.'r Ytr... $2.00 Six Months... $1.00Payable in Advance.W1FT CrJAMP, Editor and Owner.x Amy erroneous reflection upon thecharacter, standing or reputation otamy person, firm or corporation whichMay appear in the columns of THEOTJRBON NEWS will be gladly corrected if brought to attention of theeditor.ADVERTISING RATESDisplay Advertisements, $1.00 perInch Tor first time; 50 cents per incheach subsequent insertion.Reading Notices, 10 cents per lineeach i8sue; reading notices in blacktrpe, 20 cents per line, each issue." Cards of thanks, calls on candidates, obituaries and resolutions, andsimilar matter, 10 cents per line.Special Tates for large advertisements "and yearly contracts.The right of publisher is reservedto decline any advertisement or otherHatter for publication.Announcements for political officesmust invariably be accompanied bythe cash.THE DEMOCRATIC TICKET.For State Senator George Hon, ofClark CountyFor Representative C. M. Thomas,of Bourbon County.Tor Sheriff Will G-. McClintock. .For County Clerk Pe.irce Paton.1?ot County Judge George Batterton. Tor County Attorney Bavid D.Cline.For County Superintendent of SchoolsJ. B. 'Caywood.For Jailer Thomas Taul.For Assessor Walter Clark.Fox Coroner Rudolph Davis, Paris.For Magistrate L- J- Fretwell, ParisPrecinct; John N. Shropshire,Centerville Precinct; E. P. Thom-asson, Millersburg Precinct; Jno.S. Wiggins, Hutchison Precinct;R. O. Turner, Ruddles Mills Precinct; John S. Talbott, North Middletown Precinct; S. R. Burris.LittleRock Precinct; Lee Stephen:son, Clintonville Precinct.For Mayor E. B. January.For Chief of Police W. Fred Link.For Conncilmen First Ward JohnMerringer, John Christman andThos. Kiser; Second Ward S. K.- Nichols, J. J. Veatch and John-Arkle; Third Ward Geo. Doyle.EDITORIAL MUSINGS.J".They Have -Made Good." The city boys who went to thefarns last spring have made good.There may have been individual instances of failure, of course; individuals have always failed. Buttaken as a whole the city boys, sothe farmers report, have done well,and the farmers have been converted.The farmers didn't think much ofthe city boys in the beginning. Infact, ,there was so much prejudiceagainst them that many farmers refused to try an experiment. Theyclaimed it would be more trouble totrain the city boy than his serviceswould be worth. They said the cityboy would not be able to stand the"hard work. They thought the cityboy could never get used to gettingup at daylight in the morning anda, lot of other things along the samelines. But they didn't stop to consider that the city boy was used tojust that very thing.Well, the city boys have withstoodthe hard toil. They easily learnedto do the work. And they have not-complained of the long hours. Mostof the farmers who have given thema chance are eager to make arrangements, for the employment of cityboys next summer, if any of them areleft after the Bourbon county exemption-board gets through with.them.The truth of the matter is thereisn't much difference after all between the city boy and the countryboy they are all boys.- And a boyis the greatest piece of machineryin the Trorld, so far as adaptability is-concerned. The country boy canilearn the banking business and the'-city boy can learn the dairy busi-nees and both will make good in anmajorlty of cases.But the city boys have gotten more- vaout"of 3he experience on the farmtham-the farmers have gotten fromtheai, however great the service ren. 'iered may have been. One season ontie farm will do more for the city-" t'than 'a course in a university."- at gives him that wliich cannot bev.oiartee obtained, and it gives it toMftim lor all time to come. No one has"Ttt forgotten anything he ever learn-rt . farm &&d nothing that has4 on a. rm - f arm has provenIfeeem learned on the "useless in the game or me.,L rft system in Bourboncounty has .served to show that -.mm. . 1 a ViavA no visible7o7uprTwer7aU the time- , nrrVfi- rolaHvfiS.'Sift Sw derlopea;Some sUrtWour dependent husbands.- JV f a -l.i ...? -t!-.-!(l'claim fo be iulturistrr' ,. - .:,Would1 Affect BSHfe.That able-bodied men now engagedin the service ofthe Postofflce de-partment may be relieved for warduty is forecasted in a report fromthe department that the rural freedelivery system is to undergo radicalchanges. It is understood that on anumber of routes where the roads arenot being kept up as they should bethe Government is going to abolishrural free delivery altogether, givingthe carriers on those routes an opportunity to enlist and serve theircountry at the front".It is also understood that in someinstances roads are being improvedso rapidly that it is now possible tocombine two routes, one carrier in anauto covering what it formerly required two to get over. As the roadsbecome better it is possible to makelmore mileage, and, naturally, a smaller number of carriers will be required. It is not expected that when theretrenchment and changes come inthe system Bourbon county will suffer, as we have some of the finestand the best-kept turnpikes in theState. We would regret to see evenone farmer lose the benefits thatcome with rural free delivery merelybecause someone has been lax in theirduty and permitted the road leadingto the farmhouse to get in bad condition. There is not a road in thiscounty over which it is hard for acarrier to make his daily rounds,winter or summer. It is impossiblethat the order will in any way affectBourbon county, because we havegood roads and good carrier service,nad Uncle Sam is always treated honestly and the patrons of the routeshave nothing to complain of.For 'many years past, since theabandonment of the tollgate system,the work of improving the countyhighways has gone on and forwardsteadily until now there isn't acounty in the State that has roadsany better than those of Bourbon. Ithas been a matter of pride passedalong from one road engineer to another, from one County Judge to another, from one Fiscal Court to another, to keep the turnpikes in thebest possible condition, and rightwell have they succeeded.According to a Paris philosopher theUnited States Government has prepared for war by giving rush ordersto the army, rush orders to the navy,and crush ordersjo the newspapers., : m Pi Jl 1WHAT A IIFTY-DOLLAR BOOTWILL DO.The proceeds of one fifty-dollarLiberty Loan Bond will purchase:Thirteen 13-pound shells for destroying submarines.Four 5-inch shells for the samepurpose.One hundred pounds of smokelesspowder.Eighteen gas jnasks for a like number of soldiers at the front.Enough coal to drive-a destroyerone hundred and twenty miles.Enough gasoline to drive a submarine destroyer one hundred andfifty miles.A sailor's uniform outfit.Four months subsistence for asoldier.DONT'S FOR CONSUMPTIVESDon't use tobacco or whiskey.Don't breathe through the mouth.Use the nose.Don't expectorate except in a receptacle to be burned.Don't take violent exercise or attend violent or exciting amusements.Don't be afraid of fresh air, butlive out of doors as much as possible.Don't swallow expectoration. It isfilthy and may cause intestinal tuberculosis. Don't sleep in air tight rooms, butgive fresh air the fullest circulation.Don't put off seeing a doctor ifyou have a cough, feel run down andlose in weight.Don't wait to be cured but takeevery means to prevent infection.Don't think you t;an be cured ina week or in a month, but persist inobserving the rules of treatment andnever give up.Don't wait until it is too late beginning to work for a cure after becoming infected.Don't fail to sleep as much as possible and eat as much nourishing foodas is necessary.Don't be fooled with specificsfor consumption. None has so farbeen discovered.Don't permit uncleanliness in thehome, office, shop or factory. Tuberculosis .germs thrive on dirt and rideon the dust.Don't brood, but remember that adetermination to get well is a powerful aid in doing so.Don't put off writing to the Secretary of the State Tuberculosis Commission, at Frankfort, for literaturefor the prevention and cure of tuberculosis, which he will gladly sendfree of charge. -STOMACHED IIVEB TROUBLES.No end of misery and actual suffering is caused by disorders of thestomach and liver, and may be ayoida the use of Chamberhfln's Tab-if rivA them a trial. They onlycost a quarter. "(aug-adv))miOne of the most humane featuresof the universal" service measurewill be in tne renei giveu w wmv v.clakMjfcr eoKbyVoemefrtioJEW H0JTO- TAEmm vfr i..i ' .. " i - ---j- .JBciav-' j--iAs has been known of tbeprofes-sion and registrars, Special Agents ofthe U. S. Census Department havespent the last three months In the offices of the State Board of Health investigating the birth returns of theBureau of Vital Statistics in orderto ascertain whether or not Kentucky was entitled to admission intothe recently established federal registration area for births, as was donefor deaths the year after the law onthis subject was passed.The investigation was a most comprehensive and far-reaching one. inquiries was sent to all clergymen,postmasters, rural route carriers andwomen's clubs in the State as to every birth coming to their knowledgewithin selected periods and eachname thus obtained was checkedagainst the original birth certificatesof physicians and midwives on thepermanent files of our Bureau of VitalStatistics.As the result of this careful andpainstaking investigation, the StateBoard of Health has been formallynotified that Kentucky is admittedinto the registration area. Thishonor will be the more appreciatedby our profession and people whenit" is known that, including Virginia, Ivery propeny admitted witn Kentucky to represent the South, onlyseven States are now embraced in theFederal birth area.In conferring this honor upon ourState, the Director of the Censuspaid a high compliment to thosecharged with the administration ofour law and especially to the eftlciency of our medical organizationand the faithfulness of the rank andfile of our registrars. In strikingcontrast with this high praise theDirector voiced one note of severecriticism. This was the marring ofthe value of both birth and death returns from the entire State, causedby failure of a few dactors to maketheir reports to the local registrarswithin ten days fixed by the law.As an outcome of this criticism, ithas been determined to promptlybring all such violations of the lawto the attention of the courts.There -has never before been a timein the history of this country whenthe facts recorded by vital statisticsauthorities were so important as now,in the face of the difficulties manyyoung men encounter in showingtheir exact age under the selectivedraft law. With the co-operation ofparents, and especially of mothers, tosee that the property and other rightsof every child born to them are safeguarded by the prompt certificationof its correct ri&uie and of the factsof its birth and parentage are madematters of permanent official recordby the county, the State and thenation, as the law provides, and asevery physician and ragistrar is paidto do, no such difficulties can occurhereafter.Upon receipt of the official notification of admission to the privilegeand honor of Federal "registration,the State Board of Health at once puta large force of clerks at work making transcripts of all birth certificates for the present year, and hereafter all such certificates will becomea part of the official records of theNational Government.te Pa feCLIPTHIS AND PIN ON WIPE'SDRESSER.Cincinnati Man Tells How to ShrivelUp Corns or Callouses So TheyLift Off With Fingers.Ouch !?!?-!! This kind ofrough talk will be heard less here intown if people troubled with cornswill follow the simple advice of thisCincinnati authority, who claims thata few drops of a drug called Freezonewhen applied to a tender, achingcorn or hardened callous stops soreness at once, and soon the corn orcallous dries up and lifts right offwithout pain.He says Freezone dries immediatelyand never inflames or even irritatesthe-surrounding skin. A small bottle of Freezone will cost very littleat any drug store, but will positivelyremove hard or soft corns or callousfrom one's feet. Millions of American women will welcome this announcement since inauguration of thehigh heels. If your druggist doesn'thave Freezone tell him to order a.small bottle for you. Cadvfe ?5aSUMMER COMPLAINT.During the hot weather of the summer months some member of almostevery family is likely to be troubledwith an unnatural looseness of thelbowels, and it is of the greatest importance that this be treated promptly, which can only be done when themedicine is kept at hand. Mrs. F. F.Scott, Scottsville, N. Y; states, "Ifirst used Chamberlain's Colic andDiarrhoea Remedy as much as fiveyears ago. At that time I had a severe attack of summer complaint andwas suffering intense pain. One doserelieved me. Other members of myfamily have since used it with likeresults."(aug-adv)Our recent spell of weather wouldhave been a splendid time to organizta polar expedition. -""Well," says " the Cheerful Idiot,'this coal shortage will have at leastone'ood effect;It will help to abatethe-smoke nuisance.Cut Prices!Tojrlose out ourentire stock ofChinawareGlasswareandGranitewareBusyBeeCashStore"The Store For Daily Bargains"MflRGOLEN'SSPECIALSFor This WeekBeefPorkVealLambMflRGOLEN'SSanitary Meat MarketParis Home SchoolWill OpenMonday, September 3, 101?Mrs. W- A- Harp, Director.Miss E. D. Giltner, Director ofMusic.Lost, Strayed or StolenFrom a stable in J3ast Parts, Sunday morning, a four-year-old baymare with two white hind feet, andstar in forehead. Suitable rewardfor her recovery or for informationleading to her recovery.JOS. BODKINS,Route 3, Paris, Ky.FOR SALEA goed 6-year-old gelding. Gooddriver, perfectly gentle, not afraid ofanything. Will stand without hitching. Can be bought at a bargain. .E. M. WHEELER,(22-tf) Eighth and Main, Paris, Ky.Scrap Iron Wanted.I am paying fifty cents per hundredfor all kinds of scrap iron. Not leasthan 1,000 pounds. This material canbe weighed at any city scales. This Ito be relivered to the cars on the LouIsville & Nashville tracks, oppositthe freight depot.Call U3 over the Cumberland 'phon347-J.MAX MUNICH,Eighth Street, Paris, Ky.(oct2fl-lyr)NOTICETOThe PubliclDrivers of all vehicles are herebywarned to go slowly over tha bridgeover Stoner Creek at the foot of Maini Street, in East Paris. Heasrily-loadedwagons and trucks and; traction engines are forbidden to cross thisstructure.By order ofCourt.tto Bourbon FiscalBEN. F. BEDFORD,County. Road Engineer.'tt4-4t1, :. T i --ja. V7 Z- - i -.-Jp-T r? pfc - Zr..--; -3 T LvFIFTEENTH-ANNUALa ?r ' v xf -KENTUCKY STATE FAIRLouisville, September 10-15, 1917Supreme in HorseChampionshipof America-$10,000.00-$50,000.00-PremiumsTen Big Act. -HIPPODROME" Bnd ofGREATEST AGGREGATION OF INDOOR ATTRACTIONS EVER OFFERSBEAUTIFUL BABY-SHOW PARADEMIDWAY OF MIRTH. MUSIC AND MOVING MASSES.Reduced Railroad Rates.Catalogues new ready.SunshinePoursInto Our LivesOver the Wires"With all m thechildren married andliving in differentplaces the Bell Telephone is essential tohappiness. We can call anyof them; day or night, andhear them as well as if"Very often oneJpy Long Distance andvisit of five minutessurprised to know how little it .costscompared with the joy and satisfaction?"When any of the grandchildren aresick and I am called at night, I simplyreach for my extension telephone and talkwithout moving from my bed. , Often I cangive advice ancl direction that saves lots ofworry."Every Bell Telephone is a Long Distance Station!CUMBERLAND TELEPHONEAND TELEGRAPH COMPANY(Incorporated)BOX 122, FRANKFORT, KY.Are YouProsperous? -Are you riding on a prosperity wave? If you are, lay" aside some of your prof its now.Deposit your surplus cash inbank,There have been thousandsof new bank accounts opened inthe oast six months.Are you one of the new depositors? See us toaay about yourbanking. We'll be only tooglad to explain our methods.".Jif. P. -KISER, PresidentWM. GRIMES,Sixth and Main StreetsLOSTOn Cypress street and Ford Millpike, between Whaley place andEighth street, a bag containingladies' bathing suit, shoes and apliberal jeward, for return" to THFBOURBON. NEWS office." 21-2t)IrL ;Show HistoryFive-Gaite4Saddle HrsesPremiumsAddreaa FOUNT T. KREMER. Secretary.C84 Republic Baildiar, Leairrille.they were right here.of the girls calls mewe have a pleasantcbr more? You'd beTasmraB vJapFr mmmmT i 4c&ri'lm vJ Tx -a v5 iJ-' kW ''.mmzv jm -vCz sj& Traders' BankW. W. MITCHILL, Cainier.Bookkeeper.Paris, Kentucky.For Sale-i(17-4t) R. F. D. 2, Paris, Ky.,Oneiair-of brown Percheron mareo1 years old sound. Price JM 6 Sir- T.-MJBUCJKN1R,.i; l-3-i-H2- f" ' -t tv3i- . Jf r-Xt'dL?'-"vv-r" "- ."' '- - -" - ' - - agr -. ,. ii J-' -iJwpli'llTfBgflBHHHBWWWiBTO, .-&-.. - - -r- i-r2Av?3T. -'-r'-. c -v .-.- .-- --tks?3Nk ------ T. r- - "- w.r' - . . -LP--SE- " I w J - W-" lr .-. i-'-.-5-,i. - "j -;---; iri-'V.-ri'-i.-i -- C- 'i? . I.L- '--.: - - "--- - - - - . "' " .t. --.-.. - .' ' "to'N-Tuesday. Kiir. . .- -. f-- - -iw ffVfc-IMIIIIIIIIIIIIMMiiiiiihimihimiiimihiiihi SOCIAL AN PERSONAL. . THntD DRMT CAIX. L ". ' "' ' ' " ' TgDON'T WORRYABOUT TAXES!We will pay all taxes assessedagainst your money if on depositin this anlt September 1st, 1917.We Cordially Invite YourAccount.Peoples Deposit Bank& Trust Co.PARIS,ComingAttractionsTUESDAYJack Gardnerin"THE LANDOF LONG 'SHADOWS"Essanay production ofthe Far North.Helen Holmes inthe13th episode of'TheRailroad Raiders'Hours Alamo, 2 to 5:30; Paris Grand,7 to 1 0:30, Admission 5 and 1 0c.McCORMICKMOWERSHave Stoodi11 Get a McCormickAnd You'll Have The BestWE HAVE A5Cop. Fourth andS JWOKE ARE GETTDTCREADY TOREPLACE MEH,Th .SeptemberWoman'sHomeCoMjamtoft. ays: r 4--i3"Warn are frpftLrimgrXo take tktjplacet of mw In 9mmTtitry liMotwprip A? Nw Xorlr oorporatioii.atertoal Xotm1U iMMt d-f frlomfrmtum ,eayabfe oflorftylfttrflicnitHiWlMftf?lKENTUCKYPAIS. GRAND Ai ALAMOWEDNESDAY.Louis J. Selznick- offers Clara Kinball Young in' "THE PRICE SHE PAID.By the well-known writer, DavidGraham Phillips.Alamo afternoon and Grand inevening. No advance in admission.Fannie Ward in Paramount -Laskyproduction, "A School for Husbands,"with Burton Holmes' Travels will beat Alamo in evening.THURSDAY.Robert Haron inTHE OLD FASHIONED YOUNG MANTriangle Fine Arts.Popular Players in "Her BirthdayKnight," Triangle Comedy.The TestLARGE STOCKPleasant Ste-riiMiBMlllllrfearning twelveOUars a week. Tenthousand. Ietterst3fcsr.e received fromas may -.women. 5-?The ages rangedf rom JiigiL school girls to grandmoth-;Garaget now 3-KnaoBmiRT8fe,ibeet 'papers ia thej:eceptibW ...AiB'-ikw liiim ! mi i mmtmuriJml&miHml grandmethir ftNPti'--wnm-n-rnt-t'ha'rrrr.tQiixtinzwlth stf dy nwrw iii4; atMM for eotwii1cg are biartMt4as elevator pefWwi.-Uv H ?Comings and Goings of OurPeople Here, There andElsewhere.Mr. and Mrs. Wallace Hill, ofLivingston, were guests from Saturday-to Monday of relatives andfriends in Paris. ""Mrs. Katherine Davis Craig, Mr.and Mrs. llerndo.n Waller, Messrs.Clark White, Ireland Davis and Jo.Davis attended the dance and reception siven in Georgetown last weekby Mayor and Mrs. Kinzea Stone andfamily to meet Mr. and Mrs. AndrewK. Stone.Dr. R. E. Heacock and son, ofBethlehem, Pa., are guests of Dr.Heacock's sister, Mrs. Jack Wilson, ather home on .Main street. Dr. Heacock will leave for France late inSeptember as a member of the UnitedStates Hospital Corps, in which he isa surgeon.Miss Josephine Hayden has arrived from Paducah to spend a fewdays with her parents, Mr. and Mrs.J. W. Hayden, on Henderson street.Miss Hayden has accepted a positionas teacher in the School for the Deafat Jacksonville, 111. She will assumeher duties there about October 1.Mrs. Callie T. Nichols-was hostessat her home on Eighth street at abridge party given to- the followingguests: Mesdames W. K. Griffin, J.W. Bacon, W, Ed. Tucker, Roy Clendenin, Frank M. Clay, Watson W.Judy, Frank Collins, Nellie Highland,Thomas W. Allen, Ollie Marshall,Harry Mathers, Richard Wills, FayArdery, Robt. Meteer, Misses ClaraBacon and Macie Talb'ott. Refreshments were served at the conclusion(489(490(491(492(493(494(495(496(497(498(499(500(501(502(503(504(505(506"(507(508(509(510(511(512(513(514(515(516(517(518(519(520(521of the games.-( Other Personals on Page 5.)HREPROOP VARNISH IS TESTEDON AIRPLANE.(New York Tribune.)Parker R. Bradley, a chemist associated with Weeks & Co., importers and exporters of this city, demonstrated the use of a varnishwhich renders fireproof highly inflammable linen wings of aeroplaneson the grounds of the Weeks company at Newary, N. J., recently.Aeronautical experts who saw thetests pronounced them successful.A flaming torch was applied to astandard aeroplane wing that hadbeen treated with Bradley's preparation and later smeared with gasoline.The frame was envealbped in flames,but the. blaze quickly subsided leaving the swings and frame slightlycharred but intact.An aeroplane wing treated with ordinary varnish now in use on aircraft in this country and abroad wassubjected to the same test. It burned in a few minutes."Mr. Bradley's pain," said Capt.A. Vullierne, of the Franch Commission, who was present at the demonstration, "will undoubtedly save the.lives of many aviators."Others who saw the tests were Augustus Post, of the Aero Club; G.Douglas Wardrop, of the Aerial Age;E. J. Davis, of Flying, and W. F.Howells, inspector attached to theUnited States Signal Corps.WOMAN ASTRONOMER.Of recent years womeri have cometo the front in so many professionsthat it is not surprising to find thatthe greatest astronomer in the United States is a member of the fair sex.ier name is Mrs. Elizabeth BrownDavis, of Washington." For the lasttwenty-hfrieTyears she has beiS making computations for the Nahti&fl'Almanac, published annually by the'United States4 Government. 'Unlike any other publication onrecord, the Nautical Almanac, for usein navigation, Is published severalyears ahead, yet it gives the phaseof the sun, moon and stars for everyday of the year, and in some casesfor every hour of the day. To-day,from the almanac 1916 and 1917, onemay read the heavens for the nexttwo years. As a consequence of thisiadvance publication the phases mustbe computed from tables which, arebased upon former observations.im iThere Is more Catarrh in this section of the country than all otherdlstases put together, and for years itwas supposed to be incurable Doctors prescribed local- remedies, andby constantly failing to cure withlocal treatment, pronounced it incurable. Catarrh is a local disease,greatly influenced by consitutionalconditions and therefore requiringconstitutional treatment. HallsCatarrh Medicine, manufacturedby F. J. Cheney & Co., Toledo,0:,is a contitutional remedy; is takeninternally and acts through theblood on the Mucous Surfaces of thesystem. One hundred dollars reward Is offered for any case thatHall's Catarrh Medicine falls to cure.Send for circulars and testimonials.F. J. CHENEY & CO., Toledo, O.Sold by Druggists, 75c. - -Hall'sFamily.Pills for constipation. , .. "' -!-'' 4 c f ' (aug-adv)It remaine? fjgJ;the Americanarmy muleeJ iSrFriHo give Per-I shlng's nerpjtroTwlhlferv ininost ro.us-$?. -' - - :.m&t5A-.Aw.-?' a .-j Ti'-" y5"xpz &KereytstkihknreopenuiK va,i3Jrum. juar.;i-WjAine oiuy cowwr n iwnrca pContinued from Page 1.)The following-are called for Thursday and Friday:1269 Joe Mitchell Keller, R.D. 1, Georgetown.1258 Ben Schooler Houston,R. D. 7, Paris.929 (?) R. D. 1, Paris.1508 Henry Shannon, R. D.4, Paris.1194 Jos. Melbourne Letcher, Paris.138 Jack Owsley,Street, Paris.Harmon1199 Silas Emerson McKee,Paris.91 Oscar N. Johnson, Parrish Avenue, Paris.838 Charles. Mark Boardman, North Middletown.635 Herbert Marks, Millersburg. 1416 Virgil Peterson, R. D.5, Paris.861 F o re st ThompsonFightmaster, North Middletown. 633--John Morgan, Millersburg. 1326 James Hinton, Paris.7 1 2 Thurman H i n k le,Shrapshurg.17 Martin Lloyd Jones,Maysville Street, Paris.802 Samuel S. Mcintosh, R.D. 3, Paris.1255 Kirby Smith Hunt, R.D. 6, Paris.691 Reuben Lee Clinken-beard, Sharpsburg.378 T. Hough, 702 WalkerAvenue, Paris.1083 Alonzo Brown, 110Locust Street, Paris.237 Clyde W. Richards, TBroadway, Paris.. 422 Ernest Shawhan, 512Thomas Street, Paris.619 Nelson Hurst Ham,Millersburg.1058 John Bowen Stipp,Clintonville.344 Charlie Brack, SeventhStreet, pans.824 John May Allen, NorthMiddletown. i442 Stanley Asbury.Clays-ville.1213 Homer Bedford Taylor,Paris. .202 William Stuart Chis-holm, Fithian Ave., Paris.164 Roy B. Shart, ParrishAvenue, Paris.268 Phillip Carmody, 613Ferguson Street, Paris.272 Frank DeJarnett, Sixteenth Street Paris. '119 8 Cornelius McKane,Paris. -11248 Robert Hume, Fergu-'guson, R. D. 7, Paris.1174 Jos. Roy DeJarnett,Paris, (Taylorsville.) ?964 Rufus P. Johnson, 21Lamb Street, Paris. '866 Felly Hicklan, R. D. 1,Paris. i593 Stanley Lee Breckin-ridge, R. D. 5, Paris. ;407 Charles Bernard Mc(522(523(524(525(526(527(528(529(530Carthy, 473 Walker Avenue, Paris. j262 Jesse Cumber, Fourteenth and High Streets,Paris.886 Wheeler Kenney,NorthMiddletown.1373 Bert Columbia, R. D.9, Cynthiana.1465 Grant Crooks, R. D. 5,Paris.883 Robert Graham Jones,North Middletown.1161 Ghester E. Wood, R. D.1, Hutchisom7 6 9 Richard ' Everett Carr,R D 3 Paris.115 2 Guy Smith, Chilesburg.776 Forest Saunders Day,H. D2, Paris. .138 0-Keller FaulcdnerR.. 9. $ Cvnthiahat . ' - .(531(532(533(534t(535(536(537(538(539(540(541(542(543(544(545(546(547(5481293-f6hnie Wy'Rapp, R. F.D. -i., Paris. ; i566--Allen Masibn, ,Millers-burg.531 ciearence A. Snapp, R.D. 4, Paris.311 T. G. McNeill, Sixteenth Street, Paris.1227 Clyde David Burberry,R. D. 1, Georgetown.124 Wm. McCarthy, MainStreet, Paris.481 Wayne T. Lafferty,Ffteenth Street, Paris.895 Charlie -Ed. Mason,North Middletown.744 Byron Mason Roberts,Paris979 Lewis Rankins, R. D.2 Paris582 Clyde Shanks, R. D. 4,Paris1409 Ed. Mitchell, R. D. 5,Paris '1367 Albert Cameron, R. D.7, Cynthiana.829 James Carrol Bryan, R.D. 1. Paris.240 Joe B. Snapp, LillestonAvenue, Paris. .1028 Virgil Harp Gaitskill,Austerlitz.499 Robert A. Rose, Thirteenth and High Streets,Paris1011 Jack Clem, Escondida.590--james Butler, R. D. 3,Paris.1105 Clay Pruitt, R. D. 2,Paris444 wi W. Anderson, Virginia Avenue, Paris.(549(550(551(552(553(554(555(556(557(558(559ftnnnd trfo ticket 16.66.6.50. Kcketi m mtejpM)fPf,nn All.HMiAtiftA I hfrU&VS "1 OUT JTMB TJUTH APIc mmiwV'V ". ' .. Ml W liWWIWKtWM ---"? "S-5T.TTr -w -- ' --..-s-- ju . -.v -fc .i-rvr-r-rfT-v.v b--s. r.r,-i -- - -- r---- 3- ,,.-. :----Phon cP AmourThe. Phonograph with the Soul of the ViolinTHE VITAL PARTS inThon cPAmour Constructionthe tone-forming partsare made at the Home of.Phon d' Amour.Mr. Bernhard Fritzsch, known wherever thereare musicians as a pastmaster in the art of instrument making, insisted upon this from the beginning.Moreover, Mr. Fritzsch makes, these tone-forming;-parts of wood of violin-wood :The Diapraghm, where tone begins; andPhon d'Amour is not an"asaembled" Phonograph.is theThllSS-hSSSf S2X -The Fritzsch Phonograph Company228-230 W. Seventh St. Cincinnati, O.Bourbon LaundryDWIS & FUNK, Props.Telephone No. 4.SrpjCSSSl'" ' v IAJ-- M&3TI ! "JSv xjvjsssl. zmKm fjBourbon Laundry,Paris Kentucky.iHiHimiHuiimmmi(560)(561)(562)(563))(564)(565)(566)(567)(568)(569)(570)(571)(572)(573)(574)(575)(576)(577)(578)(579)(580)(581)(582)(583)(584)(585)639' Robert" Henry MillerMadden,- Millersburg.735 John Thomas Prather,. Carlisle- - .(58)(587)(588)(589)C590)(591)(592)(593)(594)(595)(596)(597)634' John Mack, Miller, Mil-;' Vlersburg.1504 Jesse Richardson,. . - iParis. "320L-Geo. Wiley, .610 High. Street. Fans..1453 Alfred Biddle, R. D. 6,Paris.447 Charles W. Berry, 123Fourteenth St.. Paris.76 Sam -P. Hillard, Nineteenth Street, Paris.1319 Strother Gaines, Paris.672 Wm. Clarence Bannister, North Middletown.1363 Arthur Adair, R. D. 4,Paris949 Chas. William Curtis,R D 1 Paris1350 SljnoTi Stout", Jr., Paris.OQ9 rnHa QiTYTncrvn Trfw1s.536 Seventh St., Paris, j993 Cash Aldridge, Escondida. 1306 Samuel Yazell, R. D. 7,Paris.1513 Amos Turney, Jr.,Paris.1048 Homer Jackson Maybrier, R. D. 1, Hutchison.1065 Stanley Walker Shrout,Clintonville.851 Noah Davis, R. D. 1,Paris. r1181 Daniel G. Gay, Paris.1545 J. Bruce McDonald, R.- T K. Paris.1490 Walter Leeds, R. D. 5,Paris.1413 jim Maherney, Shaw-(607hftTi.158 Glenn Rowland, Vine,Street, Paris.77 g Bruce Blam, R. D. 3,Paris.B HHl ihi kB-'i h ' H rv 'HB; " Ll.mmi U Ik-h K.VJWfcT I II i iA.- "", V 7Z-. T"T"&6ha&vmm rp&i . eP- -I E38ggmwBfa5' 'jThe A mplifier the two-.chambered amplifier wheretone is perfected and whence .it strikes upon the ear.The infinite precision demand- ved by Mr. Fritzsch in the makingof Phon d Amour, would not be. -possibleexcept as the differentparts were made at the Hotheof Phon d'Amour. X ivPhon d'AmourPhonograph for your Home.Plays all Records.West 5 Streetf Satisfaction is OirWiichwordWith all the latest im-. "provements. in laundrjrappliances and experthelpers we are prepared vto do work inferior to !none, and solicit yourpatronage.a1 Elihu Butelr,3iEaat.,Main Street, Paris. ;187 Everett Hanson Wak?708 Vine Street,iParia. .''52 Wm. JS: 'Clark, 804Main Street; Eaiis. , -105Asa PiiLeMaifer, MalnStreet, Parte. r650 Charea Ii$jpis Turner,- Millersburg.; x '4 '1420 William Newton Roa,R. D. 9, Cynthiama. -836 Ben Harrison BrowniK'North Middletown. ?36 John Broughton, TenttStreet, Paris.1387 Wm. Glenn, Ri Di A,Cynthiana. '1491 Earl Linville, R. D. 5, ;Paris. , :-:985 Chas. W. Woodford R.4D. 2, Paris. v ; " -. -3 5 2 Wallace TurneyClarkV ."23 Fifteenth St., Paris. -.418 Walter Thadeus R,utVerford, Marshall Street;Paris. -920 Essico Stephensit '-North Middletown.. -;".""456 Arthur Chenault, 20 GWSycamore Street, Parish ..:806 Everett Ritchie, R. D.J;4, Paris. . ' V1176 Will Kenney Fergusomr-.Paris. V416 Frank Clay Redmam,.333 Hanson Street, Pmrif.S617 Wm Michael -HaM, 1L4D. 3, Paris. 3.526 Hiram W.. "BiImf;iMillersburg. f-J.609 Thomas Farris, Minr-burg. t'yi 'a f-613 Robert Garrison; SR.D.r3, Paris. ".T316 Coly R. Parrent, .. 9k?Xteenth Street, Paris. .f274 U.dam B. Davis; iltTenth Street, Paris. - v 'j-(598)(599)(600)(601)(602)(603)(604)(605)(606)(608)(609)m the Wm in(m&H)...... .::;.. z -iTfI--- i---jj:g: -jb--'-.'f -...!w-.,Jr r,-.y;Ai, S rrIJriV-& Hlve-.Sr' ,-""'- ,s. ' "?!P" .V .)rft'JLGX FOURTHE BOURBON NEWS, PARIS, KY.TUESDAY, AUGUSTUS-, 1917 .y.u uiiimir4I1mMINUTES OF CITY COUNCILMEETINGJ?i ' CITY HALL, PARIS, KY.,Aug. 23, 1917., The Board of City Coucil met inregular session; present Mayor Hinton and Councilmen Brooks, Doyle,Hinton, Kiser Parrish and Speakes.City Attorney Whitley and Chief)f Police Link were present.Minutes of previous meeting wereread and approved as read.The usual accounts were approvedand allowed. Two building permitswere granted and other routine wasgone through.Pursuance to instructions at aprevious meeting, City AttorneyWhitley submitted a letter written tothe Paris Water Company, in the following words:Letter in detail:July 14, 1917.The Paris Water Co.,Paris, Ky.Dear Sirs:The City Council, in regular session on Thursday night, July 12th,1917, carefully considered the present condition of the dam acrossStoner Creek near the Paris MillingCo.'s plant and said Council orderedme, as the attorney for the City ofParis to notify you in substance thatthe present condition of the dam issuch that the water supply to the Cityof Paris is liable, at any time, to beentirely destroyed by the furtherbreaking away of the dam.A number of people including several members of the Council, reportedthat they had made a careful investigation of the present condition of theiam and found it to be in exceedingly"bad condition and liable to fere&k. atany time, especially if there should beheavy rains. The danr is out for.some considerable distance and theremainder may go out at any time.Accordingly it was decided by theCouncil that the city now in imminent danger of having its watersupply cut off because of the mattersabove referred to and that this danger demands that a new dam be immediately constructed.It was unanimously decided thatthe present condition of the dam issuch that it cannot be repaired andthat a new dam is absolutely necessary. I might add that the Louisville &Nashville Railroad Co. through amember of the Council, and Mr. BM. Renick, in person and by attorney, represented to the Council thatthey were ready, willing and anxiousto immediately contribute their portion for the construction of a newdam.This matter is of vital importanceto every citizen of the City of Parisfrom the standpoint of health as wellas for many other reasons, that you,of course, understand.You will recall that a year or twoago our city was placed in erreat dancer Of Jl "Wflt-Pr fnmiTIA in -Pa n txra Iexperienced considerable trouble inthis because of insufficient water supply and this condition must not occuragain.I believe that I am speaking notonly the sentiments of the CouncilOf Men's Summermmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmimmmmmmmtm.mmmmmmMmmmmmSale Starts August 28lesslhn'fte"youfriendsaMen's Straw Hats$5.00 cut "to 1 ... $2.504.00 cut to 2.003.00 cut to 1.502.50 cut to 1.252.00 cut to 1.001.50 cut to 75Men's U. Shirts andDrawers50c cut to. .OF AUGUST 23but of every citizen of Paris whenI say that this dam must be rebuiltat once, and unless the work is begunin good faith within a very short time,the city will have to resort to thecourts to protect its rights; the citydoes not want to take this step andto aypid this is doubtless the reasonfor the City Council commanding meto write this letter.I trust that you will act promptlyin this matter and that you will adviseme by return mail what you, arewilling to do.Th.e present condition of the creekis very bad, the water being extremely low on account of the dam breaking and the water supply, if not already impaired, will be shortly, unless something is done at once.I am enclosing herewith a copy ofthe motion made by the Council withreference to what I have alreadysaid.Respectfully,W. H. WHITLEY,City Attorney.On motion and duly seconded thepaper was approved and orderedspread on the minutes by call of yeaand nay vote. Brooks, Doyle, Hinton, Kiser, Parrish and Speakesvoted yea. Being unanimous theMayor declared its adoption. Likewise a notice was read informing themembers of the People's TobaccoWarehouse Company they had notfinished their building according toagreement set out in their permit,and a copy of this letter was sent toeach member whose name was mentioned in the permit. The note readas follows, to witj"The notice in full: ""Paris, Ky., July 16th, 1917.Messrs. Chas. C. Clarke , W. A.Thomason, Jas. McClure, M. R.Jacoby, J. L. Leach, W. H. Whaley," Samuel Harding and Harry B.Clay:Gentlemen:The Mayor and Board of Council,at the regular meeting held at the:City Hall, on Thursday night, July12th, 1917, by an unanimous vote,ordered me, as the City Attorney, tocall your attention to the fact thatyou have failed to construct yourbuilding on Main Street, Paris, Kentucky, known as "The. IndependentWarehouse", in accordance with thepermit granted you on October 30th,1916.Fearing that you may have overlooked the nature and character ofthe permit granted, and in order thatyau may familiarize yourselvestherewith, I am taking the liberty ofquoting the material part of the permit which was granted.You are aware of the fact that thebuilding was used as a tobacco warehouse last season, and that sales ofloose leaf tobacco were held in thebuilding, although the front of saidbuilding was veneered with a brickwall, leaving the rear and two sidesboarded up in an unsightly and unsafe manner, rendering said .buildingand other property in that vicinity ex-Suits, Boys' Washup afl et r?adVMen's$15.00 cut to12.50 cut to10.00 cut to8.50 cut toBoys'75c cut to65c cut to50c cut to38cjtremely dangerous from fire.j You will note that the permit,granted gave you a right to con-'struct uiNJx :"a one story building, with the.front and two sides veneeredwith a nine inch brick wall, andthe rear of frame, with corrugated steel siding, and with composition roof, as an addition tothe frame tobacco warehouse onthe lots of Chas. C. Clarke, andthe lots of C. H, and J. W.Bacon, on the West side of SouthMain Street, between 16th and19th Streets, in the City ofParis; that said building, when,completed, is to be used for thepurpose of handling grains, wool,mules and tobacco, and for thepurpose of handling, buying andselling, loose leaf tobacco, at aprobable cost of $14,500.00."The dimensions of said building are 160 feet fronting onMain Street and extending backto the right-of-way of tne P. &C. Railway a distance of atout230 feet; said building will haveone story and a basement."The construction of saidbuilding is concrete pillars forfoundation, superstructure offrame with one inch close boxsiding, and the front and twosides veneered with a nine inchbrick wall, and the rear of frame,' with corrugated steel siding;roof is to be composition andglass in form of skylights."Said building to be constructed in a substantial and workman-likemanner for the purposecarrying and storing heavy commodities." You are aware of the fact that thebuilding does not conform with thegrant issued by the Council, yet youhave long since stopped work on thebuilding, and have been using saidibuilding for eight or nine months, orpossibly longer.At the time the Board of Councilgranted the permit, it was acting ingood faith, and it was assured byyour Counsel that you would act ingood faith in the erection and completion of the building strictly in accordance with the permit granted.'With patience the Council haswaited hoping that you would, ingood faith, not only begin veneeringthe two sides with brick and placingthe corrugated steel on the rear, asyou agreed to do, but, regretfully, theCouncil has seen and been advisedthat all work on said building haslong since ceased, and that no effortwhatever has been made by you tocomplete the sides and rear in accordance with the permit granted.However much the Board of Council dislikes to cause you any trouble,loss or expense, yet the Board hasfully determined to protect not onlyits rights but the rights of othercitizens in Paris in requiring the completion of this building in accordance with the terms of the permitgranted, and the Board, accordingly,has ordered me to take whateyersteps are necessary to require you tocomply with the terms and conditionsof the permit granted.The Board, as well as the writer,sincerely hopes that you will demonstrate your good faith by promptlybeginning to veneer the unsightlyand unsafe walls with brick and corrugated steel, and to fully complywith all the terms and conditions inthe permit granted.Please advise me bv return mailwhether you are willing to promptly!Suits, Panamas, Leghorns, Straw Hats, Men's and Boys' Summer Underwear- ana Boys'Summer Suits$ i 2.489,98s!4S-? 7.48Wash Softs'..' ..59c. 5 qc-.....,.!....... 38cPLLm aLLL -aLw aaaavLam LaaaV aat Laaal LaaaVBaaaaaav aaaaaaaW aaaaaaaaaaaaaaV aaaaai - - aaaaar BaaaVi- aaaaalHI"' 'naaaaw 'Tnaaaaaw aaaaaaaaaaaaaan .. aLam aaaaa-BBaaV' aaaaa aaaaVaaa-!-' JBaaaaT -Baaaaw " aaaaaBBamBBaaaaaaaaaaaaH' BBaaaaaaaaaaaar aaaal: aaaaV'Baal -'-TrJr -- aaaaaa- aaaaaay .aaaaar aaaaav,' -aaaaaaaaaaaaaaa 'aaaaaaaaaaaaaar ' aaaaa -aaaaai'. . -....- . x .vjpaaav. aaaaar aaaaa .aaaaaaaaaaaaajair ."aaaaaaaap aaaaa-' BaaaaT'f--begin this work and carry it throughin good faith, or whether it will be jnecessary lor ine ouy to resun lu mecourts. ,Yours most respectfully,W. H. WHITLEY,City Attorney.. . . , , ,,-On motion and duly seconded thereport of the notification was accept -ed and ordered spread on the minutes.oi nr, mil of vea and nav vote.Brooks, Doyle, Nichols, Hinton,Kiser, Parrish and Speakes voted yea.Being unanimous in favor of motionthe Mayor declared it adopted.It was moved by W. O. Hinton,seconded by D. C. Parrish, that theZ4-wr A ato air !- Aifani-ari i lTiefi.rJliy ". .... ... , -.tute such suit, or suits, or other legal,;" .& .x w vxm u. w,i.proceedings, as may, in his judgment,be necessary to require the Independent Tobacco Warehouse Company tofremove the building partially con,-structed by them on Mam Street because said building was not constructed according to the permitgranted them, and further take suchlegal proceedings as may be necessaryto prevent any further use of saidbuilding. Also, the Mayor is herebyauthorized to sign for the City ofParis any bond or bonds or legalpapers necessary to the said proceedings-On roll call of yea and nayvote, Brooks, Doyle, Hinton, Kiser,Nichols, Parrish and Speakes' votedyea. Being unanimous the Mayor declared its adoption.It was moved by W. O. Hinton andseconded by Thos. Kiser that theMayor be instructed to employ counsel to assist the City Attorney in theproceedings against the IndependentWarehouse Company, if in his judgment it should be necessary. On rollcall of yea and nay vote, Brooks,Doyle, Hinton, Kiser, Nichols, Parrishand Speakes voted yea, and the motion was declared adopted.Mr, Speakes movedseconded that the Cityand wasAttorney'sdelinquent tax bills, or" any other collections for the city he may havemade, be audited by Finance Committee, and reported to the Council.On roll call of yea and nay vote themotion was unanimously adopted.In pursuance to instruction at thelast meeting W. O. Hinton of FinanceCommittee reported the interest onthe cash and notes received from theHospital League for the benefit of theHospital amounted to $375.80, beinginterest on $1,276.62 for 3 years toNov. 17, 1916, and $156.00 interestcollected on note of Chanie Bell,and moved that the Clerk be directedto draw a voucher of this amount infavor of F. P. Walker, Treasurer. Oncall; of yea and nay vote the motioncarried unanimously.It was moved and seconded that theCity Attorney be instructed to takesuch steps that are necessary to collect the interest due on the W. A.Foreman note that the Health andWelfare League turned overj to theCity for the benefit of the Hospital.Amotion, was carried.Mr. Parrish moved and secondedthat the Paris Water Company beto pay any further rentals until a newdam was built or conclusive evidenceof arrangements for a new dam isshown.J. T. HINTON,Mayor.J. W. HAYDEN, Clerk,- Attest.Wash Pantsf &u Goods, henceMen's and Boys'Suits$2.00 cut to1.50 cut to1:00 cut to ..;.75c cut to50c cut to 'Children's Straw$1.00 cut to50c cut to..ADDITIONAL PERSONALS.Miss Mariam Surran, of Newport,is a guest of Miss Helen Cain.j Misses Margaret Minogue, Ethel! Jones and Jennie Rankin, of this city,are attending a Lexington businesscollege. r1 Miss Lula Champe Lytle is. vis-iting her aunt Mrs. Henry Punkr j Mr tt.t, , -r, nd Mr. Funk, and cousin Mrs., Horton, and Mr. Horton, on WalnutHills, Cincinnati.Mr. and Mrs. Hiram Redmon andchildren, have returned to their homein Frankfort, after a visit to Mr. andMrs. John J. Redmon.Mr. and Mrs. Orie Smith, newlyweds, returned Friday night fromI-Hioif txroilinor rn. n nnintn TXT.-v uremia, mey win go io nouseKeep-ing about September!.Mrs. A. O. Robertson, ofnearParis, and guest, Mrs. Clemmie Gar-ner, of Troy, Mo., are spending sev-!eral days at Crab Orchard Springs.Mr. and Mrs. Oberlies and son,Kenneth, and Mrs. Allen Turner anddaughter, Miss Cleo Turner, areguests of their cousins, Mr. and Mrs.W. F. Turner, near Paris.Mrs. M. G. Thomson and daughter, Miss Catherine Thomson, havereturned to their home in Lexington.!after a visit of several weeks at thejhome of Mrs. Alice Ware, on Cypress Istreet. 'Mr. and Mrs. Edward Spearshave returned from their weddingtour, and for the present are at thehome of M. Spears' parents, Mr. andMrs. Woodford Spears, on Stoner)avenue..: ,?erSe Glenn' f the A JWinters Co., who underwent an op-eratlon for appendicitis at the Mas-sie Memorial Hospital, in this city,' last week, is reported as being considerably improved.Dr. Carl Wilmott, formerly ofHutchison, who has been very ill atthe German Hospital, in St. Louis, isrecovering slowly. His sister, MissLula Wilmojtt, of Huntington, hasgone to his bedside. iLieutenants R. B. Hutchcraft, 'Jr., of Paris, and Robert Jones, ofNorth Middletown, who have been athome on a furlough from Ft. Benj.Harrison, near Indianapolis, left Sunday to report for duty at Camp Taylor, near Louisville. j(Other Personals on Pages 5 and 3) ;Big Sheep Sale!I will sell 400 head of good& Co. 's Stock pens in Paris, onSaturday, Sept. 1, 1917at 2:00 p. m. These sheep areGeo. D. Speakes, Auct.Sale Ends September 8it can be bought muchthese low prices. Come early, bringUnion$1.48'1.15.89.5938Childreos$3.00 cut to...r2.50 cut to2.00 cut to1.50 cut toMen'sPanamas&Leghoros$6.00 cut to $4505.00 cut to 3,754.00 cut to ; 2.95&00 cut to 2.252.00 cut to 1.48Hats79c38cFound.sIn East Paris yesterday a packingcase containing six dozen No. 1lamp chimneys. Owner can Save sameby proving property and payingcharges. Box is now at 290 Mainstreet.LOST.On the streets of Paris between tharesidence of Miss Anna Lyle, on Second street, and Misses Holladay'sstore, on Main street, a ladies' blueserge coat. Finder will rewarded. byreturningsame to Misses Holladay'sor at this office.(28-tf)THE FAIRFOR FRIDAY AND SATURDAY.MUJMJUX -SAVING PRICESWriting Paper, ruled and unruledfine quality, in white, cream andcolors, put up in packages containing,30 sheets paper, rubber tipped leadpencil, pen holder and pen, a package 8 c.mffT' T c At LJ - "Tw I 1 . .11tIed ite inside, a bargain, eacfc49c. The same fa gray w nQCOVers each p tCongoleum Mats, just the thing forthe slop jar, cuspidor, tabourette,etc., will protect the floor, carpet orrug, each 10c.Aptle Corer and Slicer, combined,each 10c.Wood Candy Pails, bail, handlekand cover, each 10c,For Saturday afternoon only, upto 5 p. m., Week-end Candy Special.pifte Apple Squares, rich, tender eat-ing confections, with shredded pine,apple, and real fresh, per pound. 13ciTHE FAIRmountain sheep at M. J. -Murphy.good ones, in good condition.C. T. FAULKNERWinchester, Ky.Wash Suits$2.251 1.981.481.15V"5-rr.w.th?-.&r-i"k:t.Main ami: Seventh. - --""N 'VJ: i nTOESDAY, AUGUST 28,. 1917. - ' ''! ' 4 .. .wr.- 4- .r- - - :--t " " -' :tr" 'I-?XTHE BOURBON NEWS, PARIS, KY.PAGE IIVBM1jJJFOR THE BESTNOTHING ELSESCHOOL OPENING.Mrs. Sutherland's school will openSeptember 3. Number of pupils limited. Your patronage solicited.(14-tf)3 153 153SCHOOL SHIRTS AND BLOUSES.A very complete line at 75c and ?1.Prices cheaper than you can makethem. Black Cat Stockings, too.J. W. DAVISv & CO.t ism m isaAUTO SALES.The Bourbon Garage &H3upply Co.reports the sale of two Franklintouring cars, one for Mrs. ThompsonH. Tarr, and one for Mr. Wm.' G.McClintock, Sheriff-nominee of Bourbon county. The machines will bedelivered this week.H3 153 HaHONEY, HONEY.We have the finest lot of honeyever purchased. The niost economical sweet to buy.(28-lt) C. P. COOK & CO.153 1 1E3THINGS TO WORRY ABOUT.You know the kind of man whocomes in and puts his arm aroundyour neck and leans on you? Wella Duncan avenue man says he has acucumber vine like that and threeof his early cabbages are slowlyturning black in the face in theirhelpless anger and disgust.A COMPLIMENTThe Georgetown News, one of thebest county papers in Central Kentucky, pays another best paper inKentucky a decided compliment byheading a society item, "BourbonNews." The item referred to agathering of Bourbon county visitorsat a home near Georgetown.SOCIAL AND PERSONAL.Comings and Goings of OurPeople Here, There andElsewhere.DELAYED TRAINS.Engine trouble between Paris andLivingston has been the cause oftrain delays on the L.. & N. recently.The early fast train was late yesterday morning, coming in behind itsschedule time. A freight engine hadto be sent out Friday night to taketrain No. 9 into Winchester, whereit was due at 6:4?, being fifty' minutes late.- lea to ATRAINER HU&1LL LEAVES PORST. LOUIS RACES.Trainer James Hukill, of Paris, leftLexington, Saturday, for St. Louis, incharge of a carload of horses belonging to the stable of Mr. J. W. Fuller,the California turfman. The horsesare to be raced at the Maxweltonmeeting.The shipment included the following: Tokay, Colonel Marchmont,Roy,. Dorothy Dean, Premium andLilienthal. All good ones, and contenders in some of the principalevents.to to toBIG SEPTEMBER SALEBeginning, Saturday, September 1,we will offer our large stock of furniture, carpets, cook stoves and heaters at a big saving to you. One carload of heaters and cook stoves hasjust arrived for our one big sale.This is the first September sale thatthe people of Paris and Bourboncounty have ever had a chance to buyat a big saving and by you helpingus we are going to give the biggestbargains, and make this our biggestsaleA. F. WHEELER & CO.,Chas. Green, Manager.Opposite Court House,Paris, Kentucky. (31-2t)PARIS PUBLIC SCHOOL CATALOGOFF PRESS.The annual catalog and year bookof the Paris Public Schools is just offthe press in the BOURBON NEWSjob rooms, and will be ready for delivery to-day.The book is a fine specimen of theprinter's art and is, like everythingelse turned out from THE NEWS jobrooms a testimonial to the mechanicalskill of those who had it in charge,compact mass of information and valcompact mass of information and veluable as a reference.Copies can be obtained by callingat the Paris Book Co.'s store, or bycalling Prof. T. A. Hendricks, Superintendent of the Paris schools.GIRLS' HONOR GUARD.The Girls National Honor Guardwill hold a meeting in the CountyCourt room in the court house atthree o'clock this (Tuesday) afternoon. A full atttendance of themembers is urged.All those who are interested In theclass in military training which willbe taueht by Miss Alice Rogers Clay,are invited and expected to be present at this meeting, which will present a number of very interestingfeatures on the program. rAbout the last of August, .Miss Claywill open a military oijnpln Fixis forvotinrirl. The rocd of the tuition -will be -dcmata,tOAt;1Bou'rn,CouatyXJkapUr of tn vvscitteThoM wtrf to Waitfc-e-clMcan get information from DrMarthaPetrt ia Pari. ; , " 'Miss Bessie Mclntyre is a guestof friends and relatives in London.Mrs. Gus Margolen left Mondayfor a visit to relatives in Wilwaukee,Wis.Samuel Clay and James Caldwellleft Sunday for a business trip to Wyoming. x rMiss Carrie Current returnedSaturday from a visit to relatives inColumbus, Ohio.Miss Madge Taylor has returnedfrom a visit to Miss Katherine Carroll, of near Cynthiana.Miss Bob Morris, of Indianapolis,Ind., is a guest of her sister, Mrs.Thos. Higgins', near Paris.Mrs. E. K. Thomas, who has beenvery y at her home near North Middletown, is much improved.Mr. and Mrs. John Blake havereturned from a visit to Miss Margaret Blake, in Winchester.Mr. Edward K. Myall has gone toBoston, Mass., and New York City,N. Y., on a pleasure trip.Mrs. Laura Crouch, of near Paris,was a week-end guest of her sister,Mrs. Hume Clay, in Winchester.Miss Carolyn Roseberry will entertain at bridge to-morrow afternoonin honor of Mrs. Durand Whipple.Misses Mary, Katherine andJosephine Doyle spent the week-endin Lexington, as guests of friends.Mrs. Custis Talbott and Mrs. FayArdery and children have returnedfrom a stay at Crab Orchard Springs.Miss Ethel Wiles has returnedfrom Georgetown, "where she hasbeen nursing her sister, Mrs. MaryJett.Miss Sara Power is at home fromnr. extended visit to relatives andferz in Maysville and MasonCounty.Dr. and Mrs. J. M. Williams havereturned from a visit to friends inLondon and from a stay at Crab Orchard Springs.--Mrs. 0. P. Carter, Jr., anddaugter, Miss Elizabeth Carter, havereturned from a visit to Mrs. L. P.Fronk, in Latonia.Mrs. Boone Baldwin has concluded a pleasant visit to relatives inBluff City, Virginia, and has returnedto her home in this city.Mr. and Mrs. George W. Wilderand son, Ussery Wilder, spent lastweek in Shawhan, as guest of Dr. andMrs. George Rankin.Mr. and Mrs. Henry J. Groschehave as guest at their home on Seventh street, Mrs. Grosche's father,Mr. S. S; Brown, of Detroit, Mich.Mrs. M. N. Culbertson anddaughters, Edith, Irene and . Ethel,have returned from a visit withfriends and relatives in Lexington.Mr. and Mrs William Bryan anddaughter, and Miss Idell Crouch motored to Georgetown, Sunday, andspent the day with the Marks family.Mrs. Wm. E. Foster, of Owenton,has returned to her home after a visitto her son, Dr. H. E. Foster, and Mrs.Foster, at their home on Seventhstreet.Mr. and Mrs. Fay Ardery have asguests at their home on Houston avenue, Mrs. Russell Edwards anddaughter, Miss Mary Burns, of Russellville. Mrs. William McPherson returned to her home in Salt Lake City,Utah, Saturday night, after an extended visit to her mother, Mrs. Jos.M. Rion, on Second street.Mr. Cassius M. Clay left yesterday for Ft. Benjamin Harrison, nearIndianapolis, where he will go intraining as a member of the OfficersReserve Corps m tne second can. mMr. Andrew J. Gorey, formerly ofParis, and now engaged in farmingnear Taylorsville, in Spencer county,,was a visitor in Paris last week, anda guest of relatives. Mr. Gorey isstill interested in the thoroughbredhorse game.Mr. James L. Robbins, of NorthMiddletown; Misses Mary LouiseRedmon, Ethlyn and Dollie Smith andMessrs. Lucien Terrell and -LewisRash, of-Clintonville, have returnedfrom Natural Bridge, where theywere members of a camping partychaperoned by Mrs. W. N. Cropper, ofLexington.A postcard from W. O. Pennington, of Paris, who, with Ed. Fitzpatrick, is now on the U, S. S "Oklahoma," "somewhere on the Atlanticcoast," states that the Paris boys areall well and having a good time. Mr.Pennington said he and Fitz hoped toget a furlough soon in order to paya visit "back home."Miss Elizabeth Andrews has returned to her home in Lexington, after a visit to friends in North Middletown. Miss Andrews attended thedinner-dance given by Mrs. Dicksonin honor of her son, Mr. StanleyDickson, who will leave shortly forFrance, as a member of the HospitalBase Unit.given by Mr. and Mrs. Edward Burke,at their home on Hight street. Aboutthirty couples took part in the dance,and ices and cakes were served. Lieut.Lavin will leave this week to reportat one of the army cantonments forduty.Mrs. James C. Fizer, who hasbeen a guest of her sister, Mrs. DanW. Peed, during the absence of Mr.Peed at Georgian Bay, has returnedto her ho,me, in Mt. Sterling.Mrs. Frank Lenihan and sister1,Miss Mary Lenihan, have returnedfrom a sojourn at Carlsbad Springs,at Dry Ridge, in Grant county. Mr.Lenihanhas been quite ill since hisreturn.Rev.Ttnd Mrs. Gilbert Fern andson, Kenneth, who have been guestsof Mr. and Mrs. M. O. Biddle, are visiting friends in Georgetown, beforereturning to their home in Macon,Georgia. Rev. Fern is pastor of theFirst Christian church, in Macon.Miss Helen Cain will leave tomorrow for Wheeling, West Virginia,to be a guest of Mr. and Mrs. RogerKain. Miss Cain will attend, thewedding of Miss Margaret Kain toMr. John Shaffer, which will tak-3place in Wheeling, Saturday morning. I9 Miss Elizabeth Clay, of Paris, isa' member of a house party of sixcharming girls being entertained byMiss Nancy Gay, at "Wayside," homeof her lather, Mr. Will Gay, nearWinchester. Miss Gay and guests attended the reunion of the Woodfordfamily held near North Middletown,Friday.Mrs. James McClure has returned from a protracted visit to friendsand relatives in Chicago. Mrs. McClure entertained a number of guestsrecently at her home on Vine street,in honor of her son, Lieut. JamesWinn McClure, Jr., who is at homefrom Ft. Benj. Harrison, on-a furlough. Miss Irene Carter, of Cincinnati,who is a guest of friends in NorthMiddletown, will give a recital in theChristian church in that city, onnext Thursday evening, August 30,at eight o'clock. She will be assistedby Mr. A. L. Boafright, director ofthe choir of the Paris Christianchurch.Mrs. Wm. Clarke, of Cincinnati,formerly Miss Martha Waller, ofParis, is a guest of her sister, MissDorcas Ussery. Mrs. Clark andsMis3Ussery will leave this week with aparty of Cincinnati friends for Boonsboro, where they will spend severaldays camping.A postcard to THE NEWS fromMr. Robert L. Frank, at SaranacLake, New York, states that he andhis family are in the very best ofhealth and enjoying life. Mr. Frankstated that the lake region had beenvisited by frosts and that the weatherwas "somewhat cool." Mr. and Mrs.Frank and chaldren will probably return to Paris in September.(Other Personals on Pages 4 and3)fe lsa PaGET BUSY OR BE LEFT OUT.If you intend to use gas in yourfurnace this winter, you had betterget busy and place your order NOW.Burners are hard to get. Even nowyou may be too late. Better see aboutit at once.PARIS GAS & ELECTRIC CO., Inc.(24-2t)TAKE AKODAK!The many friends of Mr. H. A.Mitchell, who lives on the RuddlesMills pike, will be pleased to learnof his improved condition. For thepast two weeks he has been stayingin Paris, with his daughter, and taking adjustments by a local chiropractor. At the present writing he isnot only greatly relieved from theintense .pain he was suffering, buthas'also regained his sigfrtin one eye,and nowhas hopjeVfor the recoveryof the other;, v" ;v . ,city; wio redeatlyiredliyei commis-:Kknin theJarmy frWee7,jnw ne,Kuwt of iMjnor'i an entertainmentSnapshots of various summersports will add immensely to thefunfishing, swimming, ,etc.But be sure its a KODAK-"If it isn't an Eastmanit isn't a Kodak"SKodaks .$5.00 upBrownie Cameras $1.00 upIF YOU ARE IN NEED OF ACOAT OR SKIRTDon't Delay in Buying it, as-We are Some ExceptionalGood Values in Our Ready-to-Wear Department.Ladies' and Misses' Silk and Wool Skirts,$6.50 and $7.50 Values at$4.98Ladies' and Misses' Silk and Wool Skirts,$10.00, $12.50 and $15.00 Values atiy$7.50Ladies' and Misses' Plain and Fancy PlaidCoats, $7.50 and $10.00 Values at$4.98j,? '--We have a beautiful line of Silk and WoolSweaters and also receiving FallSuits and Millinery daily.HARRY SIMONOne Price To AllAlso a Full LineSporting GoodsofSwimming; Suits. . . .75c to $5.00Water Wings 35cBathing Caps . c ....... .- 35cfDaughertyBkJJim ! -"&Paris, KentuckyFOR YOUWe have for you some of the BIGGEST BARGAINS we have ever offered ini1Kaltex Porch FurnitureLawn SwingsPorch SwingsRefrigeratorsand HammocksWe are disposing of these articles at the prices we areoffering themFOR CASH ONLYYou know when we say reductions we MEAN REDUCTIONS! THEJ.T.HINTOJVCO.r-MOTORMOTOR INVALID COAiCH"&"1ERkpQ;'-yt r.V - xu30' V . , rt n-c-v4"L: .w -'Sixth- Afswa- :,.. iv-- - -MAtNSTS.tsfr.-L L ---- -m jvimmmmmmr- --i tsfT;-'----.ryS, --;,27'" Vl ,?.i? ' ii-5 -i-THE BOURBONNEWS, PARIS, KY.-5- .,. -,"-TUESDAY, AUGUST IS, 1117.(1V-- r ,ser &Lk11ifIKfru-SMSLUGSKWSTT HiTales of U Boat Hunting. Told bv an American RnvWko Served For Months With theiMBBf and Perilous Work ThattfjQtber. American Boys.$No. 1Chasing U Boats WithSea SlugsByA SEA SLUG,British Service Name For Crewsof Submarine Chasers.Copyright, 1917, by the Bell Syndicate, Inc.8PROLOGUE.The author of this so-ies of four articles is a young American, who has spentmost of Jiis time since the war startedwith the British patrol fleet, taking animportant part in helping to organizethat branch of the service known asthe Sea Slugs (submarine chasers).He has accumulated a remarkablecollection of anecdotes t7icident to thisexciting branch of the service, andmany of these were personal adven-'iiffes in which lie took part and whichmoree onj 2 iJlG 8tirrin9 narratives to-come out of the ibaV. Uo iHt1- &$&& To the United States to assist$& American navy in organizing thetame branch of the service and shouldbe of great value because of his experi-ence-nbroad. So far as known he is theonly American who served with the'British patrol prior to the advent ofow destroyer flotilla in British waters.0 course some of his experiences, ofmilitary value to the enemy, cannot berelated. At the request of the servicepublication of his name is withheld.TTTE "?were all sitting around tablesyy In "The Knut" at Keppler'sHead, drinking pink gin and-it," "IT' oeing Angostura outers, wewere a crowd of "sea slugs," as thosewho man the U boat chasers are commonly and unlovingly called by the restof the service."They can'talk all they want to aboutthe science of submarine busting," saidone ot the Iwys-butTthere's just onething that gets submarines luck. Allthe schemes the wise heads devise can'tcome up to one little piece of good fortune." "Elghto," said a subaltern who hadJust whispered something into the earof San, the girl who serves drinks at"The Knut" "You take Max Horton,now, the man who torpedoed theMoltke."The whole thing Is mostly luck. It'sluck when we pot a sub, and it's luckwhen a sub pots anything. I had thisyarn straight from Max himself."He was submerged in one of oursubs, an B boat, 'somewhere under theocean and the plumbing went out ofcoiimission. It isn't very pleasant ina submarine anyway. The smells andthe stale air when you are runningsubmerged are enough, to make many aman. sick who never turned a hair atth roughest sea while he was afloat"Well, as I was saying, the plumbing went our of commission just asHorton was dressing and had washedvpT He hadn't-put his trousers on asjik. He ordered the craft to the surface go one of the mechanics couldnake repairs to the plumbing andmeanwhile went on dressing.- Surprised at Seeing Moltke."He was standing on one foot whilesticking the other through a trousersleg just as the periscope of the submarine stuck out above the surface.'Suddenly a seaman broke into hisabin and yelled, "There's a Germanwarship on T)ur starboard quarter, sir!""Max kicked himself free of histrousers quicker than you could wink,sjfcd- in a matter of seconds he wasbeet over one of the forward torpedotabes sighting on the vessel ahead" ofhim. The silhouette book showed shewas the battle cruiser Moltke."Whiz-w! sang the torpedo. Bang!it the- Moltke. Max -submergedand finished putting on his trouRather clever, don't you thinkam ml Is i, there with his shirt tails danaitar and Dotting a German battle-aaiaprThat'a a good deal like" began one&the other boys, but before he could-iiaak-thesentence a messenger camemad spoke to the "Brass Hat," whoUMBf us, wnicu-is to say neto the senior officer.iCome on, old chappies," said thatiL "We can't wait for thedrink San is bringing. A littleIs on our hands."SAji we ran down the wharf the menm'kbe chasers started the motors, andjf the time we bad tumbled pellmell-isjfte the Treats they were ready to getaay.through the Solent, still J-ofeut errand- -exeept for the.JEf'wasedmflesof Tp-up in the harbor -waiting fer4he imtotfe. --"!; . --Liter mi Urn femmtr, whee.boatBritish Patrol and Who Did theIs Now Being Done by Hundredswas leading the line because of hisrank, signaled to ns that we wereafter a submarine which a hydroplanehad sighted off the Isle of "Wight.The U Boat Chase.Offshore a short distance was a patrol boat lying very low in the waterand flying distress signals. We ranover to her and learned that about anhour before the periscope of a submarine had been stuck up not far fromher; then the craft had submerged,appeared again about a mile away andfired four shots, which let in enoughwater slowly to sink the patrol, whichbefore the war had been nothing but adirty little trawler.Finding the crew of the-patrol couldtake care of themselves in their smallfcfSWn-Whiz-x-zl tang the torpedo. Banglwent the Moltke."boats and learning that the submarine.had over to the westward, wherewe knew chain net traps to be laid, wecircled in thatdirectton.'Our Dowerful motors thrummedevenly. - The water seemed to partahead of us, and the gunners squintedalong the "surface.Suddenly off to the west we madeout her periscope. Intense joy thrilledour little crews. She was inshore fromus. She was between our circularcourse and the chain nets in the trap.The periscope we had seen might bea dummy, for a submarine frequentlycasts loose a phoney periscope to drawfire, but at any rate she must havebeen between us and the nets if shecut it loose.Presently, probably after a lookaround, the periscope suddenly disappeared, and we knew it was a real onewith a German U boat on the end of itThe Brass Hat, in his own boat, was,of course, in the lead. That was hisprerogative as well as his duty. Likea flock of falcons we were swooping( down on the prey.' Abruptly the lead boat comes to .adead stop and lists heavily to starboard. Evidently something is wrong.We 'see men crjiwl out over the stern,and fish around with boat hooks andpoles. "Cold as It is one man goes-over-bbardand remains under water solong we could not believe he wouldcome up alive. "We can see the Brass Hat gesticulating as we run in closer. We can'thear what he is saying, but we havea pretty good idea. We've listened tohim before when distressed. One ofhis men signals that-the boat has fouled the "chain nets. We wouldn't darecheer, but we are inclined that way.Everybody likes $o put it over a BrassHat and now were are only-five 'of nsto share the glory at the finish. sEachof us stands a better chance of beingthe one to give the submarine its conge.Circling round in an even smallerradius, we search the water tor a periscope, a shadow or the conventional-"stTPflk of-dirtv erease" or "line of.bubbles."Brass Hat Still Stranded.The Brass Hat is signaling now forus to go over and help himoff. Nobody pays any attention to those orders. He wants to run things and getthe U boat himself, but we won't givehim the chance. Later we will tenhimwe didn't see his distress' signals.'Now he tries to direct the procedurefrom where he is, but we are like a lotof hounds released from restraint.The one idea of our lives is to get thatU boatAll of us have towing torpedoes 'out.These are bombs on long cables, whichare towed astern and sink to a certainspecified depth. If the cable fouls anything at all as theboat goes ahead thebtmb pulls up to it, and when it bumpsitiexplodes.We are in line. Suddenly there is acrash and a roar just-ahead of us. Iam thrown off my feet Barrels of .water splash down .into our cockpit -andreMfetf&ie decfcfc Tbe-bow.Mfti.imelf-iclean for a jecond. rthfaric that theulMmriae has biowami ttp. TermiMK. I'j .,. . 3fc U&-Then we settle down again, and except for a scared look on the faces ofa couple of men and rather nervous,forced jests on the lips of others weare plowing ahead just as before.Nothing has happened except thetowing torpedo of the boat in front ofus in the line fouled a submerged sparor a bit of wreckage and explodedright under our bow. J.'If we had beena few yaids closer we would neverhave been there any more."As we realized what had happenedour tongues were loosened, and if thecrew of the boat ahead could haveheard what we said about them wewould have lost their friendship mostassuredly.Way inshore, after a circling chaseof perhaps twenty minutes, the submarine came upj She was in suchshallow water that she probably washaving trouble in operating submerged.She was gone then.What followed was very businesslike.It illustrates the attitude the Britishhave come to take toward the submarines because of their flagrant violations of every form of internationallaw and decency. It is the attitudewhich any country obliged to fightagainst them will assume. To theBritish mind submarines must be exterminated just as one would exterminate a nest of poisonous vipers or anest of hornets. People ask me howmany submarines are being capturednow. Very few. Many are destroyed,but few captured.No sooner did the hull of the submarine show itself than we began tohammer "her with our three inch guns.She opened fire, but her shots wentwild, and in a few seconds she disappeared. As fast as we could we ran over towhere she had gone down. If theprinciples which obtain on land, in theair or in the navy at large existedIn submarine warfare we would havegone over to see if we could rescueany of the wounded, but It was aTJ boat, and we simply made sure thatthere was nothing left of the craft.Some Bubbles, -a Greasy PatchThat's All.About where she went down a quantity of gas and air bubbles was rising, and the 4irty patch of oil wasong pore In evidence. That was aSretty certain sign the careej? p( oneU boat was at an end, for tti seamuJJ Ijkyg beenpouring Into her: and,even though" all Eer "crew ctld notdroWU; once the salt water reached thegjorage batteries the chlorine would dothe workT"SlTE wTare taking no chances. Wecircle, found and round the spot and$fop depth bombs deadly machines.Thse, are powerful explosives whichir set so they will detonate at a certain depth. We first sounded tne bottom and then set our bombs for tenfathoms. Suddenly I hear a cry fromthe boat behind us. One of the crewreaches out, grabs the collar of a manwhohas -just dropped a "depth bombover the stern and ,yanks him unceremonioualv into the cockpit. At aglance I see what has happened.The engineer has stalled his motorjust as the bomb is let go. It sinksslowly, and there is a slight momentum left in the submarine chaser. Wehold our breath and watch in suspense,expecting any second to see our comrades hurled into the air among amushroom of water and splinters.There is no way to help them. Suddenly there is a muffled roar, a columnof water rises to what seems a hundred feet and falls back, drenchingeverv one who is near it. But our comrades are unhurt.The momentum oftheir boat has carried them Just farenough to save them from being blownWBgan to Hammc Her With OurThree Inch Guns.into atoms. That is the second narrowescape for our little squadron in thischase after a single submarine.The End of 4he TJ Boat.But our work is done. There is nodoubt now about the fate of theTJ boat It is not necessary for one ofthe depth bombs actually to come incontact with the submerged craft todestroy it: When under water a sub-marine's rigidity is multiplied. ItsTu ii . . v.t,. a ielasticlty is next to nothing. An explo-sion as powerful as that of a depth(bomb near it-is Almost certain to crip-pie it if not destroy iC It is the-same urMJ aeroplanes b ride fire. The songprinciple as that .which kills fish in a of the Bea slUvS!'pond when dynamite' is exploded be- No. 3. A Motor "Launch Raid on theneath the surface of the water. The Belgian Coast.shock-Is-sufficient to -kill" the men in In which the little " submarine chasers.i, tt v nnA on. Tiro rriiio. iatk crossed the mine fields by night, fired onthe U boat, and SO we glide along toe German gunboats and land batterieshomeward secure in the, knowledge ana escaped, across the mine fields oncethat even if our gunfire did not, finish more. How the British monitors, whichthe enemy the bombs have done therenmed after American, generals, bom-W3k- ,5lhe BUrf8Ce Wn0HCe Tm SUrSTASnofrdead fish. iWfpnf fh Rrs&a Wat fri fmm Mip Mo 4 Exparltncat atDovar.I j.- -,i itcto. A ktM ahiui. . - Aerorlanee bombarSa-the barracks andfT'r'SiP'T?LvVtwn. .German aubmarinee layta mine.-fcWwlJ1OXiC"" -"KlohhwbochannelrWMilt fcappenea,'WbtW-BMbad, our -drinks w&Stiiur JTorwLa-dtitroyar tfie day after I had dlnflermKitMTwkAJ 1mi aW.Tj1T-. . -aii.-ILi. zZ-J2-vv randan in i ma nirr umi m wm. quiarterthe enemy, took it up where hehad left off. It is characteristic of theSea Slugs that nothing was said of thedanger two of the boats had run, and if-anybody felt proud of what we had accomplished he made no mention of It."As I was saying," remarked thesubaltern, "Max Horton's experiencewhen he sank the Moltke was a gooddeal like that of a friend .of mine whois in the seivice, and it goes to showthe truth- of the statement that it'smostly luck gets a submarine. Thischap I speak of had been cruisingaround for months and had never seena hostile periscope, much less a submarine. He hadn't even found one ofthose spots of dirty oil that are becoming classic around the British isles."Then one day, about noon, with thesun shining brightly, he was runningalong at top speed wondering whetherthere really was such a thing in theworld as a German U boatwhen suddenly, almost dead ahead, he sawsomething sort of wallowing in the sea."The bow gun was loaded, and thegunner saluted and said, 'Submarineoff the starboard bow, sir. Shall Ifire?'" 'No,' ordered my friend. 'It's probably one of our own. No such luck asfor us to run into a German"With that the U boat sent a shellwhistling past his ear, and he decided fbis luck was better than he hadthought. His three incher began tospit, and the fire from the submarinestopped. A couple more shots from thechaser, and without any further signof life on the TJ boat there suddenlywas a big roar, a cloud of smoke, andshe disappeared. They ran overtowhere she had been lying, but couldnot find a sign of her except for a fewbubbles. These told of her fate. Thelast time I talked with that chap hehadn't seen a TJ boat since.""Well, if our pal, D., had been ascautious as this fellow you tell about,"said another subaltern, "he would havesaved himself a lot of trouble and abawling out. You boys all know D.He's mighty keen after TJ boats. He"Are you trying to knock us loose fromour steering post?''was cruising round off Peterhead lastautumn, when all of a sudden he sightsed one, only a few yards ahead, justawash. She didn't seem to show anysigns of life."D. is a nervy chap, and to save timehe decided to run full speed ahead andram her instead of waiting to fire hisguns. He crowded on every ounce ofpower he could and crashed down intothe hull of the submarine."The shock as he struck her iust- abaft the connmg tower knocked every one of his men off their feet anddented his own bow badly. When theypicked themselves up there was onewild scramble to get forward with thelance bombs."The lance bombs, I might explain,are bombs fastened to instrumentssomewhat like harpoons which stick tothe side of the submarine and explode,.Their chief characteristic is their liability to go off before you can throwthem and blow the hurler up."Well," the subaltern continued, "D.himself had grabbed a bomb and wasjust about to hurl it when he turnedsick and his knees gave way underhim. A head had stuck out of theconning tower of the submarine, andan English voice yelled:"'What in h 's the matter withyou? Are you trying to knock us loosefrom our steering post?. Do you wanta tow?'"It was an E boat. Both the submarine and the chaser had to go in fora refit, and D. came uncomfortablynear a court martial."I have heard of many incidents likethis, and it explains why the BritishHiihmnririA service hates the Sea Slues.Bvery time any kind 0f a submersiblesnows ltself aD0Ve water somebody islikelj to take a pot shot at ltSan got us another round."The three remaining installments ofthis remarkable personal narrative willappear soon. They are as follows:0 ., AUN 2-L' Jn th Ls Motor, , h ,?"? ,7" . . .Cruising- at nlslvt-in utter blackness, 11a-We to be Rhot to p,eces by frIendly bat.terles If late In getting Into port. Minesweeping at Gallipoll- and fighting offa fate:Ltraae4:jmw vmmmmmaE-E i HhbSi" i J Im1mlml&-with ttoe iifjtietavnc-,-- -Low RoundVIALouisville & Nashville RailroadACCOUNTKentuckyLouisville, Sept. 10-15rBetter, Bigger and More Important Than Ever Before;$50,000 in Premiums.$10,000 Saddle Horse Event.$1,000 Exhibit for Best Display of Agricultural Products Grown in Anyone County in 1917.For further particulars apply& Nashville Railroad, or addressAgeht, Louisville, Ky.ELIMINATEYOUR WORiSIESHigh cost of living, warm weather andscarcity of labor is a condition where aHOME TELEPHONEin your residence at reasonable rates andcourteous treatment to all would eliminate a good portion of the worries attributed to this cause..Call at our office or telephone 427, 411 or32Q and place your order.Paris Home Telephone i Telegraph Go.(Inoorporattd)J. J. VEATCH,District'Manager.v ..G. W. DAVISFuneral DirectorCorner Fifth and Pleasant Streets, Paris, Ky.Day Phones 137 Night Phones 299 or 1999Automobile Ambulance Automobile HearseUndertakingOur Winton-Six Automobile Ambulance with Johnson &Johnson First Aid Equipment and the Eungmotor (recentlysecured by us at great expense) a resuscitating device forthose apparently dead from drowning, gas poisoning, electricshock, collapse from anaesthasia, etc., always ready for service, DAY OR NIGHT. Phone us immediately when anaccident occurs.ir f) rPOISON IVY HOW TO KILL IT.' (Popular Science Monthly)The cheapest and most effectivemethod of eliminating poison ivy,according to experts of the Department of Agriculture, is the simpleone of rooting up the plants and destroying them. If the poison ivy isin large fields it may be necessaryto plowand cultivate the land. Ivyon the large trees, stone walls andbuildings can be killed by arsenateof soda, at the rate of two poundsto ten gallons of water, Two orthree applications are sufficient.The fall of the year is the safesttime to handle poison ivy, becauseat that time the sap and pollen "areout of the plant. With the exerciseof due care, the use of overalls and'gauntleted gloves will enable most,individuals to deal with 'the plant'without danger. A further protection is to grease the hands with lardland after the plants have been handled to wash off the hands withstrong alkaline soap.ASK ANYONE WHO' HAS USED IT.There' are families who always aimto keep fa bottle ' of Chamberlain'sColic and Diarrhoea Remedy. intkehouse for use in case it is needed, andfind that it is not only a good investment but saves them no .end of suffering. As to its reliability, ask anyone who has used it. v i. , (aug-adv)PILESI PILES! PILES!WHilAD)UNrtXOKr1aIT"T- f V.TTT i! r ' --rwv. .xf. ,a Mha ttl'MiiitttlftatSfaaaTyoeifetoe, ajraajnntaa4etefr --lMtlKlatriafaT CaV fiSaTf ff I I Ml -- Trip FaresStateto local ticket agents, LouisvilleR. D. Pusey, General Passenger. (aug28-5t)IW. H. CA2TCC0N,Local Manager.KENTUCKY TRACTIONe TERMINAL COMPANYIntcrurban Schedule.Fair1CARS LEAVE10:05 p. m. 11:00 p. m.Paris Lexington;for i forLiexington Paris6:45 a. m. 6:00 a. m.7:30 a. m. 7:20 a. m.8:15 a. m. 8:00 a. m.' 9:00 a. m . .8:50 a. nu9;45a.m. 10:20 a11:15 arm. 11:50"12:45 p. m. 1:20 p2:15 p. m. 2:50 p3:45 p. m. 3:30. p4:30 p. m. 4:20 p5:15 p. m. 5:00 p6:05 p. m. 6:00 p. uL6:50 p. m. 7:20 p. m8:15 p. m. 9:10 p, sa.BSffial -$1.50TOj. -tr;'-) ,'- . ,and ReturnOn Special Sunday Excurslan.onSunday, Sept 2tt If x- ti ' - - .Special train leaves Parii 8:20a; m., arrivinir in-Cincmaati atlifi&m&M.&'i 'h-lfaWanl0B - MmwWm UllKnBMwIt.(4th St S4atw) itf 7-pVa- -fe' MAWf-AgiaCincinnati.-C-sr ZrfiS'jgcazA. rzrr U, -.lv6tD6rt ttTtowm.-W It QUMtSMMM Tfca70 "-&, (iij, , -TUDAY.AUGUa-sM-lT-:r-s- - ?-v--iftriBdeRi8ifesiiEBJ "- -or . - s r .. - t ' - - .- - , . , -WW '- --r r ?--r-ZTXave56ourrGyesFor distinctive eye glassservice consult us.H We use the latest and mostup-to-date methods of refractthe eyes.Give us an early call.We Fit WhereOthers FailFRYE & FRANKLINDOCTORS OF OPTOMETRYDow Bldg., opp. Windsor HotelProfessional Cards.DR. WM. KENNEYEye, Ear, Nose and Throat.ROOMS 403-404.FIRST NAT'L BANK BUILDING.PHONE 136.WMGRANNANAttorney-at-Law- ROOMS 401-402.FIRST NAT'L BANK BUILDINGCAHAL BROS.-SARBER SHOPPrompt and Courteous Attention toPatroni.HOT AOT COLD BATHS.You Don't Have toStoopIf You Use aGarlandCabinetRangeA beautiful line of Garlands on dlfelay. Come In and look thtm over.Paris Gas & Electric Co.(Incorporated)PleitfyfojncaxgiMalses-aJoy-THERE'S a heap of joyin a ton of good coal.Your stove or furnacewon't have much troublefrom extracting comfortfrom a ton of coal if youbuy it from us. Our rapiddelivery will please you.W. C. D0DS0NSouth Main St.JTht Heme off Good CoalT4SSi JVSat "" Bsf i xnrnt.wm w"i r .Vbi -z-zzz, ysvij-:i.ffieat $10,000 Mfflerorce SlfieFor 1917 Kentucky State FairOwners and Breeders Throughout the Country Interested In President Cohen's Ambitious Enterprise.-.. BBHflESSs BBBBBHBBBKjBiBfiBBlBBBBBBBBBBBBBBrSA vy? ?y "K&jRftI I BBBB v"- 'sBSbk v Jraroiiiiaaaaaa' w'nHQjlBBI I bSSbBkSsk BSBbBHBhkSSHBHkBBBBB:' SSbeHbBBBBsBBiBiBBBBBBBffBBHSBMiBBBBBBBBvBBE:BBBBBBBBBM0"l K9KiE?if BsPJS ''-55ir' I v'?wsbF'w&5S,bb9L i .bH vBV Sw BBBmI UH&3 .ckVs -XS- ? jBvaSBIIB I &vs2iSSSP KwSAWjBtBBMBBL -'vBc6h8BBHv "&888&E8?0''fr' fc-.4vr jccw vtB? aBflBBBBBBBk -sBBBflBflBBHBBBBB w,x 3.. aSkfc'. .; t.VW...'..V.;A..'..l.:.lANJ. . x. .'.V'.' '.'Jt1. 'i i ri ii 1 7 i ii Y ri - - -- ---It .1. .' t r i i ; ,'t 1 1 ii - - - - - --J- - yzA. iKV "fiyjg,RICHLIEU KING, 1916.HERMAN STRAUS & SONS' CO. CUP. LEVY BROTHERS' CUP.Two of the array of trophies offeredIn the great $10,000 five gaited saddlehorse stake at the fifteenth annualKentucky State Fair, the week of Sept.10, are magnificent silver cups donatedHON. MAT S. COHEN, cornnnssion-er-jQfagriculture and, by virtueof this office, president of theKentucky State Fair, has secured a$10,000 five gaited saddle horse stakefor the 1917 Kentucky State Fair to beheld in Louisville the week of Sept.10-15.Commissioner Cohen, with the unanimous indorsement and enthusiasticsupport of the members of the stateboard of agriculture, was untiring inhis efforts to secure the interest andco-operation of horse owners and breeders throughout the country, and hisplans were crowned with splendid success. From nearly every city of anysize in the United States letters havepoured in upon the commissioner eulogizing his brilliant achievement andcommending the vitalizing effect ofsuch a project upon the horse interestsof the countryrWorld Will Look to America.The commissioner has made it knownthat this very motive inspired him inhis efforts for this gigantic prize list,as it is his firm belief that at the closeof the present disastrous and exhausting war all foreign nations will lookto America for foundation stock andnew blood and that this nation shouldprepare for the demand. At present hedeclares that the breeding operationsof this country have ceased to analarming extent and that just such inspiration as this hitherto unheard ofstake is necessary to arouse the horsemen and breeders of the United States.Entrance Fee Waived.In addition to the magnitude of theprize money, the fact that any entrancefee is waived and the horse owner orbreeder privileged to enter as manyanimals as he cares to nominate freeof charge aid that stable room andbedding are provided by the State Fairwithout cost to the owner is certain toattract the attention of the entirehorse world and to make the five gaitedsaddle horse events of the 1917 Kentucky State Fair the most sensationalsaddle horse affair of the age.The battle royal for the $10,000 inprizes will open Monday night, Sept.10, with a grand prize total of $2,500offered the five gaited saddle stallion ofany age who bears off the championship honors of America in his sex class.FRANKLIN BAPTIST ASSOCIATIONPAYORS EQUAL SUFFRAGE.The Franklin Baptist Associationwent on record Saturday as favoringuniversal suffrage for women whenit adopted unanimously a resolutionto that effect at the annual meetingheld at Bethel Church on the Owenton pike, six miles from town. Several hundred members were present.Xhe Rev. L. D. Stucker deliveredthe devotional sermon. The Rev. J.T. McClothlin, pastor of the Frankfort Baptist church, was electedmoderator and Crawford Lee was reedected clerk.IS m aCHRONIC CONSTIPATION.It Is by no means an easy matterto cure this disease, but it can bedone in most instances by takingChamberlain's Tablets and complyingwith theTain printed directions thataccompany each package." . (aug-adv)L "" "" & " -r - jkJ I I I I I "TWTT. II J I 1 II f:----,y;v;;.-.vAimi i '-nil f-r 'fitfl,by the two leading mercantile establishments of Louisville in their lines,the Levy Brothers' Clothing companyand the H. Straus & Sons' Co. department store.iThe prize money donated and setaside in this class is as follows:How Prize Money Is Divided.One thousand dollars to the horsewinning first prize, $625 to the horsewinning second prize, $375 to the horsewinning third prize and $250 to thehorse winning fourth prire. In addition to the first prize of $1,000 the saddle stallion proving champion, of thecountry in his class will receive a sterling silver cp, .on which will be engraved "Championship of America forfive gaited saddle stallion, any age,"and which will be valued at $250.On Tuesday night of Fair week themare division of the saddle horse stakewill be shown under the same conditions and with the same amounts anddivisions as in the stallion rings.Wednesday night the exhibition ofgeldings will take place in identicallythe same manner and with the samedivisions.Saturday night the grand finale ofthe horse show will take place, whenthe -four champions of America intheir particular sex classes meet tocompete for $2,500 In prize money andthe title of grand champion of America. The money in the grand championship event will be divided the sameas in the sex classes, and, in addition,the winner will receive a sterling silver trophy known and inscribed as the"Grand Championship of America forfive gaited saddle stallion, mare orgelding of any age."Judges Carefully Picked.Entries for these stakes will closeAug. 1, and all nominations should besentvin immediately to Fount T. Kremer, secretary of the Kentucky StateFair, Republic building, Louisville.Three judges will be selected to preside in these rings, the officials to benamed by the State Board of Agriculture of Kentucky, the State Board ofAgriculture of Missouri and the StateBoaid of Agriculture of California.Thisguarantees judges of the highestintegiity, ability and nation wide reputation among horsemen and officialseminently well suited to serve in the.most spectacular and important horseevent the world has ever known.For catalogue or information addressFount T. Kremer, Secretary KentuckyState Fair, Suit 604 Republic Building'Louisville, Ky.ra UST SUSPENDED; NOTICETO THE PUBLIC.No more free copies of the BOURBON NEWS.No more free copies of the Ken-tuckian-Citizen.No more free copies of the ParisDemocrat.Single copies of paper five centseach.The high cost of all materials thatenter into the production of newspapers compel the publishers as amatter of self-protection and economy to adoptvthis course.Subscribers who fl to receivetheir paper, and advertisers whosecontracts include the paper, will bepromptly supplied.SWIFT CIEIMP,Publisher BOURBON NEWS.BRUCE MILLER,Publisher Kentuckian-Citizen.WM. REMINGTON,Publisher Paris Democrat.July 27, 1917. ' . . ,J PLEJTTY OJlPkOOrIom People You Know Pfom PariCitizens.The greatest skeptic- can hardly failto he convinced in the face of evidence like this. It is impossible toproduce better proof of merit thanthe testimony of residents of Paris,of people who can be seen any time.Read the following case of it:J. W. Larkin, retired farmer, 431High Street, Paris, says: "I am onlytoo glad to recommend Doan's Kidney Pills, -because I have at timeshad quite a bit of trouble with myback. Often, I hace had a dreadfulache across my kidneys and the kidney secretions have been too frequentin passage. A box or so -of Doan'sKidney Pills at these times havenever failed to cure me of an attack."Price 60c, at all dealers. Don'tsimply ask for a kidney remedy getDoan's Kidney Pills the same thatMr. Larkin had. Foster-MilburnCo., Props., Buffalo, N. Y. (adv)"THE SEPTEMBER AMERICANMAGAZINE.Stories and articles which stimulate and thrill are in the Septemberissue of The American Magazine.How Edward R. Stettinius, of the J.P. Morgan firm, became the biggestbuyer in the world is told by B. C.Forbes; "The. War Inside Myself" isthe story of what a man wentthrough trying to make up his mindto enlist; From Lumber to Literature" is by Peter B. Kane, and hetells of his experiences in and outof the, army; "Increase Your Driving Power" is by James Hay, Jr.;and there are two articles concerning the theatre, one beingrthe story ofOliver Morosco, and the other, "IsActing a Bag of Tricks?" by WalterPrichard Eaton. The State article is"Vermont."The fiction contains a dog storyby Don Marquis, aT humorous storyby H. C. Witwer, and other entertaining yarns by Edison Marshall,David Grayson ' and - Mary Finn.The "Interesting People" department,contest results, and contest announcement complete an excellentnumber. 9feConsidering his sightless condition, the blind tigerhas remarkablesuccess in eluding the hunters.M'."I"I'.i..M'M''4"l:.i'Pit4rMIMMWE CLOSE AT 5ONE LOT OFLADIES'SummerHatsGo For50c EachTIBRJust Arrived New FallFINAL CUT PRICESON ALL SUMMER GOODSWe Have About 30 GENUINE Palm Beach SuitsAlmost every size in the lot. Values up to $10.00. Tajce your pick. .About 20 Pongee Suits (Mostly$3.75.Unrestricted choice Men's Straw Hats $1.00All Genuine Panamas $2.75Get Our Prices on Articles Not Mentioned Above.Twin Bros.19 Main Strttt, Paris, Ky.- -Everybody KnowsHendricksTelephone 2585 ' Lexington, Ky.All Metal(Higgins Mfg. Co.)Window ScreensWeather StripsWALGER AWNINGSBest Screen Doors and Windows InThe World.Window and Door Equipments.T. A. HENDRICKSOffice and Residence, 264 Rand AvenueLEXINGTON, KY.A MAN AND HIS WIFELEVY, THE DRY CLEANERCumberland Phone 40 Home Phone 1692;Ulllliir. DEPT.P. M. EXCEPT SATURDAYSALL OURLadies'and Children'sParasolsNow AtHALF PRICEfr.3u.M'H'4HMM'HClothing andPARASOLS$575- -WrChft a-mrif nm KUuTfw stampa- -??S.may both derive satisfactionby having their worn and soileclrgarments cleaned by us. Thecost is nominal, while the pie asure of wearing old clothes thathave the appearance of new, in -conjunctionwith the knowledgethat you are effecting a great6ving, must surely satisfy you.A phone brings U3.milAND COURT DAYSONE LOT OF LADIES9 SUMMER -WashSkirtsGo At75c EachFelt Hats!Large Sizes)- ---75c Sport Shirts 50ct$.Odd Palm Beach Coats $2.25Shoe Dept.K5wstw-- 5""- ,c"-5?5r" -.. -AJ-.&.t A-tf-s' ,- h t, Jr i- - .. -JL 'VXrc'ihj-"VS'"T-" .7e- -r5-W-- j? vr-i Z "-iJ& "-t'L?' . --a . " vt j .- vJ "t. 4A .s -vF' " --- - -z. -t J?vki.f-sZf-- r&y- Vvp'III :3tf iJIIIIIHHsr)NO TAXES TO PAY!TO OUR CUSTOMERS:Under the provisions of the recently enacted revenuelaw of the State of Kentucky, this bank has elected to paythe taxes assessed against the deposits of our customerswith us. It will not be necessary for you to make anyreturn of cash on deposit with this bank on the forthcoming assessment blank as of September 1, 1917, as thisbank will pay all taxes..(-Farmers' Bank, MillersburgW. D. McINTYRE, Bres. SANFORD M. ALLEN, CashierMILLERSBURGMr. Richard Hiffjnan left Sunday for Ft. B'enj. Harrison, Indiana.Mr. Adams, of Georgia, arrivedFriday as the guest of Miss VirginiaHutchcraft.Millersburg was well represented at the Germantown fair duringthe past week.Mr. and Mrs. Charles Carrington,of Irving, arrived Saturday as guestof her parents, Mr. and Mrs. J. F. McDaniel. Miss Mildred Colliver entertain-white military suit, everything corresponding. They entered with thebridal chorus from Lohengrin, whichwas sung by a quartette of youngladies, Misses Lucy Jones, MildredBruce, Ethel Fisher and GeorgiaMcDaniel. The couple was met at thealtar by Dr. C. C. Fisher, of the M.C, who performed the marriage ceremony. Immediately after the ceremonythey retired to the spacious diningroom, where the couple and thirtysix guests wvere served with an elaborate four-course lunch. The decorations at the lunch were managed byMrs. CM. Best, and everything wasnicely carried out. Immediately after the lunch the young couple rao-DEATHS.ABNER.Jesse James Abner, eleven-imonths-oldson of Mr. and Mrs. Wm.A. Abner, formerly of Clark county,died at the home of his parents onthe Woodford farm, near Paris, at sixo'clock yesterday morning after ashort illness. The funeral will beheld in the Paris Cemetery at teno'clock this morning.GREGG.Mrs. Lula Gregg, aged fortynine, died Friday, at her home nearWinchester, after a protracted illnessof cancer of the liver. Mrs. Greggwas the wife of Mr. Hubert Gregg,and a sister of Mrs. James Patrick,of near Paris.Funeral services were held Saturday afternoon at two o'clock at thefamily residence, conducted by Eld.J. W. Harding. The burial followedin the Winchester Cemetery.BURNAM.Relatives in this city have beennotified of the death in Pomona, Cali.,recently of Rev. Edmond H. Burnam,a native of Richmond, Ky.Dr. Burnam was a distinguishedBaptist preacher, a brother of the laeHon. Curtis F. Burnam, of Richmond,and father of Dr. John M. Burnam, ofthe University of Cincinnati. He wasa frequent visitor in Paris, as a guestof his aunts, Mrs. Charles Stephens,Miss Lucy Miller, and others. Thebody will be brought to Richmond today for interment.NIPPERT.J 2 1.xAMM. A 1 miivinr -ffiArillceu eiBiiujeu ul ?".s, ", stored to Lexington, where they tookwith a.n elaborate picnic lunch ati.. c.a x, ,..an elaborate picnic'her country home, last Wednesday.Mr. and Mrs. Day returned totheir home at Paris, Sunday, after aseveral days visit with her sister,Mrs. W. V. Huffman. They were accompanied home by Mrs. Huffman.the 8:40 C. and O. train East for aten-dnys' tour, after which they willgo to Hattiesburg, Miss., where Lieut.Frederick will be stationed for atleast three months.Lieut. Frederick is a native of Shelbyville. belonging to one of the mostThe closing summer dance of the prominent families of that comnumiseason was given at the opera house ( ty, and is a brother of Mrs. C. M.Monday evening, beginning at 9:30 Guthrie, who is known throughoutMiarp. Quite a number of visitors t Kentucky for the great work shesfrom surrounding towns were pres- j doing for the Red Cross. Mr. Fredent. The floor was well filled with erick has given his entire life todancers, while spectators were nu-1 military work and is a military grad-EEAL ESTATE .DEALS.Mr. W. O. Chambers, of LebanonJunction, formerly 'Trainmaster ofthe L. & N; at this point, has soldhis home, at. Fifteenth and Cypress"streets, to Mr. Wm. K. Griffin, ChiefTrain Dispatcher of the L. & N., forabout $3;500. Mr. and Mrs. Griffinhave been residing in the propertyfor some time. 'Mrs. Harry Mitchell, of Henderson 'street, purchased of Mr. J. F. Wetherall, his handsome two-story frameresidence on Cypress street, at a private price. Mr. and Mrs. Mitchelland family will occupy the home inOctober. Mr. Wetherall and familywill move to their farm on the CaneRidge pike when their new home iscompleted.?S fe feSTOCK, CROP, ETC."'""VTMTiir!rTt iii iiititt ii illinium in inLIKEOTHERALLBANKSThe First National Bankof Paris, Ky.Frank Robbins lost $5,000 worthof hogs on his stock farm ""nearhGreensburg, Ind. Ground glass wasfound in the tankage fed to the hogs.Alien enemies are suspected of having placed the glass in the food atthe factory.1 fe 'PSAT OLYMPIAN SPRINGS.Olympian Springs is furnishing thesetting these days for many a happyvacation. Numerous parties anddances have been given at this fa-V-'V; Will pay all taxes on depositsas of September. 1st ,aThe First National BankI of Paris1 1' 1' 1 1 l tn- 1 1 II i i 1 1 h mmous resort, one of the pnost enjoya- Embry, Mr. Brooks Woodford, Mr.ble of which was that given by Mr. and Mrs. Frank P. Mhite, Mrs.George Hamilton, Jr., of Mt. Sterling, Anna Louise White and guest,last week. Mr. and Mrs. George R. Bell, Mr.Among the guests registered at the Bush Bishop, Mr. John M. Stuart, ofSprings Hotel recently wvere Mr. and Paris, and Mr. and Mrs. Sam WeathMrs. Will P. Wornall and family, Mr. ers, Mrs. Brent Haley, and Missand Mrs. Wm. Ardery, Miss Elizabeth J Katherine Weathers, of Clintonville.::nierous. me music was lunu&ueu uySmith's Saxophone Orchestra, of Lex-insrton. and was good. At midnight adelightful lunch was served by Mrs.Neppie Rigdon, at the "Blue Bowl."Tt was one of the most pleasant affairs ever held here. . There will b'ea number of dances given during thewinter.The first military wedding everheld in Millersburg was that of MissMary Bruce Redd to Lieut. LewisFrederick, of Co. A., of First Kentucky Regiment, Saturday, at 5 p.m., in the library of the Military Institute. Lieut. Frederick and MissRedd have been sweethearts for quitea little while, and have been arranging for their wedding all during the'summer. Owing to his position theywere unable to determine the timeuntil -a few days ago, when he wasgranted a ten-days' furlough, beginning with Saturday.At the appointed time the youngcouple wended their way to the lihrary of the M. M. I., from apart.ments in the building, which was decorated in militry style. A handsomelarge filk flag furnished the background of the scenes. A platform hadbeen erected and the gates wereopened for them. The 'bride washandsomely attired in white georgette crepe, carrying brides roses,while the groom was attired in aM 4 1 illl"H"liLA"lA"lA''"l'i',I i H VThe Success of YourDoctor's Prescriptiondepends uponthe druggistpounds it.the skill ofwho com-uate of M. M. I., and has been doingarmy work for some time. Miss Reddis the youngest daughter of Rev. andMrs. T. D. Redd, of Millersburg, herfather being Presiding Elder of theMaysville District in the M. E.Church, South. She is one of ourmost accomplished young ladies, aprominent factor in the Methodistchurch, graduate of the M. C, and a'graduate in expression of the Schoolof Oratory and Expression, of Boston, Mass., and taught last year atBlackstone College for Young Ladiesat Blackstone, Va.They were the recipients of numerous wedding presents, and received showers of congratulations aftertheir wedding. The wedding was avery quiet affair, only the immediatefriends of the contracting parties being present. The following were out-of-townguests: Mr. and Mrs. C. M.Guthrie, of Shelbyville, Mr. WilliamFrederick, of Louisville, Mr. HermanRedd, of Pikeville, Mrs. V. G Mullikin, Lexington, Mrs. E. B. Driskell, ofWorthville, Mr. Davis, of Georgia.TS fS 151TO TAX PAYERSTax receipts of thecity for 1917 are nowin the hands of CityCollector ClarenceThomas, at the Peoples Deposit Bank.Call and pay themnow.J.T:HINTON,(auglO-tf) Mayor,We feel sore that yeoffer the best prescriptionservice in town and want achance to demonstrate the'superiority of this service.Bring your next precription to us and get thelest results from your physician's directions.! BROOKS &SNAPPt DRUG COMPANY"The Penslar Store.iWilmoth'sSalt-RisingBread!Angel FoodCake!iiDon't That"Listen Good?"WILMOTHGrocery Co.Phone 376Following a long illness fromBright's disease, Mr. George W. Nippert, aged sixty-two, a former resident of Paris, and one of the mostwidely-known traveling ,men in theState, died at his home at 3444 Vinestreet, in Cincinnati, Friday morningat six o'clock.Mr. Nippert was a son of the lateMr. and Mrs. Phil Nippert, of Paris, J ftand was born in Cincinnati in February, 1855. At the tender age of fiveyears he came to Paris with his parents, and attended the public schoolshere. At the conclusion of his schoollife he became associated in businesswith his father, who then conductedthe Nippert bakery and confectionery and ice business on the cornernowoccupied by the Alamo Theatreand the millinery store of Mrs. CorneWatson Baird. Some time afterwardhe went into business for himself,conducting a grocery on Main street.In this he continued until aboutthirty-five years ago, when he disposed of his business here and took atraveling position with the wholesalecandy manufacturing firm of Rhein-hart & Newton. He was so successful in this position that he was latertaken in as a member of the firm,but continued to represent them astraveling salesman.As the dread disease began to manifest itself Mr. Nippert made a bravestruggle against it, but it had progressed too far to be overcome, andall that medical aid and skill coulddo was of no avail. He came to theMassie Memorial Hoapital, in thiscity, for treatment, but was takenback to Cincinnati, where death camelast Friday.Mr. Nippert was a member of theKnights Templar, keeping his membership in the local Commandery,Couer'de Lion No. 26. He was amember of Rathbone Lodge No. 12,Knights of Pythias, of Paris, and wasone of the three members who recently received a Veterans' Jewel, inrecognition of his twenty-five years'continuous membership. In all hisrelations with these organizations hewas faithful, loyal and devoted, ashe was in all his family and businessrelations.Mr. Nippert was married to MissMinnie Pullen, (a sister of Mrs, LizzieWalker, of Paris, and daughter ofthe late Mr. B. Frank Pullen, of thiscity,) in 1883, who survives with sixchildren, Mr. Hanley Nippert, of Cincinnati; Mrs. Ruth Nippert Harding,of Indianapolis, Ind.; Frank and CarlNippert, of "Brooklyn, N. YT; MissNorma Nippert, of Cleveland, O.; Mr.Edward Nippert, of Cincinnati, O.Also by three brothers and a sister,Mr. Phil Nippert, of Paris, Ky.; Mr.Henry L. Nippert, of Chattanooga,Tenn.; C. Edward Nippert, of St.Petersburg, Fla., and Mrs. PercyHenry, of Louisville.The funeral was held at the familyresidence, 3444 Vine street, in Cincinnati, at 10:50 o'clock. The burial followed on the family lot inSpring Grove Cemetery. A largenumber of Paris friends attended thefuneral and burial.EXPERTS SAY FOOD SHORTAGEDUE IN TWO YEARS.Two more years of war will reudceHthe entire world to the same shortage of food as nqw exists in Germany,according to scientists in this country, who have compiled statistics tosupport their statement.Acting on this statement, the German government is urging its peopleto continue the war two years more,declaring that if it Is done, Germanycan not be defeated, because thecountries at war with her will notendure the hardships which the Germans arewilling to undergo.- WS Pft P8The Irish National Convention lias'just been in session. Please, Mr.No Taxes To PayTO OUR CUSTOMERS:yUnder the provisions of the recently enacted revenue law of the State of Kentucky, this bank has elected to pay the taxes assessed against the deposits of ourcustomers with us. It will not be necessary for you to make any return of cash ondeposit with this bank on the forthcoming assessment blank as of September 1st,1917, as this bank will pay all taxes.ourbon-AgricuIturaTrust Co.Bank&3ISALE1 The Finest Collection ofMW7$ war:SUMMER FOOTWEARAt Prices Lower Than Makers' Cost.Don't Wait! Your Final Opportunity to Buy High GradeMen's, Women's and Children's Shoes !At a Fraction of Original Values!Ladies' White Sea Island Canvas Boots,$3.50, sa'e price $2.45Ladies' Grey and Champagne Kid Col-onette Pumps, $4.00, sale price. . .$1 .95Ladies' White Canvas Colonette Pump?,$2.00, sale price $1.4-9Ladies' Kid Shoes, button and lace,$4.00, sale price $2.99Ladies' Gun Metal Shoes, broken sizes,$3.00 and $3.50, sale price $ 1 45Ladies' Patent and Dull Kid StylishPumps, $4.00 and $4.50, sale price $2.95Ladies' Black Kid Low and High HeelPumps, $3.50, sale price $2.45Ladies' broken size Oxfords and Pumps$3.00, sale price .. $ .99Oxfords,$3.50Men's White Cloth EnglishWalk-Over, $4.50, sale priceMen's Russian Tan Oxfords, Walk-Overand Bostonians, $4.50, sale price.. $3.49Men's Tan and Gun Metal Oxfords,$3.00, sale price $1.99Men's Patent Colt English Oxfords,$5.00, sale price $3.45Men's Black Kid Oxfords, Walk-Over,$4.50, sale price $3.50Men's Gun Metal, button and lace,$4.00, sale price . $2.99Men's Gun Metal Button Shoe, $3.00,salejprice $ 1 ,99Boys Misses' and Children's Shoes and Slippers at Clearance Sale PricesCHILDREN'S SANDALS 49c TENNIS 39cNone sent on approval, exchanged or credited. No stamps given during this SaleDAN COHENWhere Beauty and Economy ReignParis' Greatest Shoe Store1i.L-V1jjju 1 1 1 1 1 n 1 1 1 1 1 m 1 1 1 1 nMr. censor, take off the lid!t9i.m:f-.". $Sr- vJ.. tr- jfe -'-;'.' j t- : --.'f ,i .t? i-? auV- -