- &THEo -Cr ivl.'rJtf-r - .-." . L'rV u.- .PUBLISHED EVEKY TUESDAY AND FRIDAY IN THE YEARVOLUME XXXVIIPARIS, BOURBON COUNTY, KENTUCKY, FlDY, N0VE,VI3ER'9. 19L7.. -, t " . !!BOURBONNEWSz.zKERENSKY DEPOSED OT RUSSIA 'PEACE TO BE ASKED.LONDON. Nov. 8. The Maximal-ists have obtained control ofIsrad and issued a proclamation sav-ins the new srovernment will prouoseimmediate and iust peace and willliand the land to the peasants, thesemi-official Russian news agency announces. -The Maximalists were assisted bv Ithe Petroerad earrison. which made-possible a coup d'etat without bloodshed. Leon Trotzky. president of the cen-tral executive rommittee of the Pet-'iTrtio executive committee 01 tne ret-.roffrad council of. soldiers and work-1men's delegates, issued a declarationto the effect that the provisional government was no longer in existenceand that some of its members had"been arrested. The preliminaryparliament has been dicved.Premier Kerensky has been deposed. A wireless dispatch from Petrograd says that the council of soldiersana workmen's delegates nas anrminppfl "Hi of flip crilif. iti Tl omiTim'llias been healed and that a call has!eam r?in under1,., rnnf -ti nv n rlalnnviln 4.v.v. ifrom each 25.000of the populationto express the will of the Russiananny.Pa te fePRESIDENT ISSUES THANKSGIVING PROCLAMATION.In the midst of worries, trials andcares incident to the press of warand other national matters, President Wilson issued his annualThanksgiving proclamation Wednesday night, designating Thursday,November 29, as Thanksgiving Day.The proclamation, which calls uponthe nation, even in the midst of war.and the sorrows and great perils ofa world shaken by war, to thanklusseii. &1? -aery, jr., uuncan sen,Cod for blessings that are better than ' DTC- Parish.mere peace of mind and prosperity" Precinct No. 4, C. P. Cooks Teamof enterprise, is as follows: 'Walter Clark, James Savage, J. T."It has long been the honored cus-1 ora J. T. Hinton, St., J. W. Davis,torn of our people to turn to the Will Myall, B. Woodford, O. Edfruitful autumn of the year in praise j wards, D. Peed.and thanksgiving to Almighty God j m Precinct Na 5, E B. January sfor His many blessings and mercies Team M J. Davis, A. L Boatright,to us and the nation. That custom .Harry Baldwin Grover Baldwin, T.we can follow now even in the midstof a tragedy of a world shaken bywar ana lmmeasurapie disaster, mthe midst of great sorrow and peril, jyan. u jvuuei.ou iu.uiu,because even in the midst of the!Bone Baldwin, J. W. Young, E. J.darkness that has gathered about us, Bums, JohnSopenwe can see the great blessing God "1 br'thaT p'eaS'ofmtal j WOEK OF THE FOOD CONSEEVA-nnd prosperity of enterprise."We have been given the opportunity to serve mankind as we onceserved ourselves in the great daysof our declaration o independence,"by taking up arms against a tyranny,that threatens to master and de-ibase men everywhere and Joiningwith other free peoples m demandingfor all the nations of the worldwhat we then demanded and obtainedfor ourselves. In this day of therevelation or our auty noiouu jfend our rights as a nation, but to;... i-i t. 1. Adefend also the right of free menUC1CUU "" " T, ., -L." T,nothroughout the world, there has beenvouchsafed us in full ana inapir-,Ing measure the resolution and spirit .of united actionL- I"And wnile we render thanks forGod that in all humbleness of spiritwe may iook always lu mm wiguidance; that we may be kept constant in the spirit and purpose of service; that by His grace our mindsmay be directed and our handsstrengthened; and that in His goodtime liberty and security ana pe.t,and the comradeship of a common j were in parig yesterday inspectingjustice may be vouchsafed all tne na- restaurantSf hotels and boardinglions of the earth. houses as to their sanitations. They"Wherefore, I, Woodrow Wilson did thfilr wQrk quitely but efficiently,President of the United States ; ot . and customers at these places knewAmerica, do hereby desvnate Thurs- ti of what was going on.dav, the 29th day of November next, l1101"11 uas a dav of thanksgiving and prayer, ! p fe Taand invite the people throughout the jland to cease upon that day fromK0CK YIEW ADDED TO THE A. B.their ordinary occupations and in HANCOCK STUD.their several liomes and places of j . -worship to render thanks to God, the The stud of Mr. A. B. Hancock, atjneat Ruler of Nations. Claiborne Stock Farm, near Pans,"In witness whereof, I have here-; has further been augmented by theunto set mv hand and caused the addition of the fine stallion. Rockseal of the United States to be view, seven years old which Mraffixed 'Hancock recently purchased from"Doiie in the District of Columbia, August Belmont, of New jork at,be Seventh day of November in. the , private sale, fjTear of Our Lord 1917 and of the In- gand, winner of the Two Thousanddependence of the United States of ? .Stake :tlAmerica, nexuWUULftU" "i""""'Rv tlio TrAsident:"Robt. Lansing, Sect, of State.jsa IB mpnTTPT? TTAD TO 0LEU UP CON-POLICE HAH 1U i.ucGESTED lKAl-Ci.a nt unusual sight was witness -ed Tuesday near the Third street?rM station of the Louisville &vnihvmS in Paris when policemen.ele called in toclear up a conges-tion of traffic. a fc f . pti,o tip-nn was caused by the pres -tlie coal tracKS oi uvloads of coal, consigned to v""farmers in the county. When thecoal was ready to be unloaded therush of wagons to get good positionsresulted in a blockade, and as a result, all traffic in the vicinity cameto a stand still. MnAa uvit ji,-cr nffnrt were made dHVC UU tv xw .teamsters and railroad men to roWeat.. i a r n tinni resui i. Au..w.me mizzitr. -t--W. Judy was called toman Georrge . J . QVC11J,einnthe scene, and DyainLLi-- knot,-7" Batterton became profici-and a show oi auuwu -.-- nunttr'eacliTagon Wgned tountiea. eacu wdfawx ....jwasits place and peace was i -uau i'. t, n? inter -once niore. wmie tne b-- unWll.rupted traffic wended its yofsoon unloaded and the drivers proceeded homeward.ARMY Y. M. C. A. MASS MEETINGAT COURT HOUSE.-Tt. Txr r T.r-i cCountyHVW"Z;r:.. , ;'ZSZZZXT:I ; ... r " i--"- j-"w.i "faci j,u a. maoa meet-ing to be held in the Bourbon countyvcourt house next Sunday afternoon ata.ov uwuun. xur. uavis win address not naving oeen decided upon. Both xmj -interstate commerce uommishis audience in the interest of the houses are making: reparations for sion permitted the railroads nf tcti-"i. M. C. A. army work, which willbe undertaken by the district composed of Bourbon, Powell, Clark,llf omery &cott vvoodford andiittiuBuu uuunntjs. ne la an eioauentspeaker, and his address will be onewell worth hearing.Members of the Bourbon countycontingent at Camp Zachary Taylor .Vlll Olcfl mil.-! oTt-T- tn11rr rw sinOTtnT v r V , . , yufe and the Y. M. C. A. work incamp. A special musical program 'will be rendered under the direction! From all sources come, the predicof Mr. A. L. Boatright. of the Paris : tion that the market, this spnsnrt' iChristian church' ILet everyone come out Sunday afternoon, and by their presence showtheir appreciation of the interest being taken by our people in the welfare of "our boys" both at home andabroad.The following is a list of the teamsappointed to take charge of the workin the six precincts of Paris, eacha captain, asUCSltilldlCUPARIS TEAMS.Precinct No. 1, Tom Riser's TeamJohn Davis, Frank Lowry, LoganHoward, Woodford Spears, CharlesStephens, Dr. Dailey, Ed. Hedges,j Wallace Mitchell, Wm. McMillan, JoVarden.Precinct No. 2, Peale Collier's'Team G. W. Clay, Ford Brent, Geo.Bell, Tilford Burnett, Dr. Jameson,W. G. McClintock, Rudolph Davis,Ed. Prichard, W. B. Wallen, Brownand McCord, John Christman, uohnMerringer, W. Blakemore, Frea Link.Precinct No. 3, Jas McClure'sTeam Jim Daugherty, Pearce Paton,Carl Wilmoth, E. M. Wheeler, Jimi i nnnnvip re mnn i HoniracAAViUUi AVALt?. WA.J.A J. J-J.V A kJPrecinct No. 6, Dr. Henry's TeamWill Thomas, W. C. Dodson, WillTION CAMPAIGN.I Over three thousand signed cards,whereon the signers pledge themselves to observe the conservation offrnA "hnTra T-nion iiT"rQf1 in r ATic:aSimms, Qf Paris, Chairman for. miTlfvThe led are tne result of tuepd Conservation campaign, whichinaugurated in the State lastunder direction of the stateFood Administrator, Mr. F. M.Sackett, of Louisville. A thoroughsvsfpiTiap. canvass was made ofevery house in tne city ana county,without exception thehouse in the city and county,g , aturea came readily.famuv nut. of everv three inVw ... ., --.the United States has pledged support to the Food Administrationfor the volunteer conservationf foodReports received at theheadquarters in Washington showthe number enrolled to be 7,406,541.Officials expect the 10,000,000 markto be reached this week.In connection with the food conservation campaign officials repre., p v d commission?r -- sister of,roc nniripn View, a fullFair Play, and nair-sister tu no,Rock, Golden Measure ana bt. .uucrs.Rock View has beaten such horsesas Leochares. Cock-o -the-waiK,iRoamer, Stromboli. Borrow Buck-i Ten po.nt Spr.te Helen Ber-1 bee and Flying Fairy, and retiredsound at the age of five years. He! comes f rom a great racing as ,el LasL great sire family, and could runfast. carry weight and stay with thebest of thoroubreds1 m m iwPARIS "SAMMIE ANNOUNCESSAFE ARRTVAL IN FRANCEA letter to Mr. George Batterton,ri,r.fv-.Tndre-elect. from his brother,Mr Bishop Batterton, from overseas,announces his safe arrival in Francewith a big detachment of UnitedStates soldiers detailed for duty witnthe Allied armies. . .Ttn,4i0 c-tationed at the trainingI of "Pari?; Island. South Caro-""" t .i a Marksman, and was awarded, , , fnr. -nrnfimencv as a; two -- - hft . memberloTttr, ; a ial brancii of the serviceoi xm i ... doubtiess De.m onnrmnt for many a "Bocnewhen the time for action ameves.LOCAL TOBACCO MARKETTOOPEN SOON.'. Arrangements are being perfectedi "V,rr,."" ?C"'B """hi, u-1S.."D,5S,.JaJS- vuKiufe lucii uictiiua xui""im xui upcuiug Uiejthe reception and salethe reception and salfi nf tnhnnpnsometime in December, the exact datehandlmg the Bourbon county crop, tucky to raise rates on all commodiwhich is said to be the finest and ties, inpinriinp- mai ik -n nanflargest grownmany years.in thecounty forBuyers from all the principal tobacco manufactories of the country t e Kentuckv Railroad Commission,will be here, which will again assure Jt was found that the railroads' nettop prices for the tobacco grown by earnings during the last year wereBourbon growers, and for those of larger than during any year for theflli . nt1.L.:. . - . i 1. .i.i. .Z . "cl5"uuiuS counties wno soiatheir crops on the Paris market lastseason.- w-,V Mgoing to be the very best yet, and avery large majority of the growersare holding their crops to sell overthe breaks, and are not tempted tosell before the market opens.The Lexington market will openon December 3. A number of representatives of the Lexington houseswere here Monday, court day, mixingwith the farmers and boosting theirhouses, but the local warehousemenjwere there also, and it is safe toassert that the Lexington men didnot make .much headway with thegrowers. This market has been oneof the best in the State for several)years, and Bourbon county growers ,have no need to send their crops '; elsewhere.TS 15i feREELFOOT LAKE PISH.Fresh caught Reelfoot Lake fishreceived fresh this week. Place yourorder early. We dress them free ofcharge.MARGOLEN'S SAMTARY MEATMARKET. (6-2t)Ea Pa laWISE MONEY SAVING ADVICEPROM FARMERS SUPPLY CO.If you are going to need a wagon,tarpaulin, harness, lap robes, horseblankets, come in and get our prices,we will save you money.FARMERS SUPPLY COMPANY.?S 3 ESNAVY IS EXPECTED TO ASK POR80.000 MEN. ,-., EGGS AND BUTTER IN COLDSemi-authentic information re- STORAGE TO BE RELEASEDceived by Chief Gunner's Mate Mane-gold, in charge of the Lexington' Arthur Williams, Federal Foodnaval recruiting station, indicated Administrator, has announced that athat the navy department will ask survey made in New York City rethe next Congress for authority to vealed that there are one hundredenlist 80,000 additional men, when million dozen of eggs and one hunthe law-making body meets next dred million pounds of poultry inmonth. k . faold storage there. esaid that heThe" Lexington office is expecting would urge that these be releaseddaily word fo begin the new "drive," for sale on Tuesdays, which will befor it is considered certain that Con- observed as meatless days. He exgress will authorize the addition of pected co-operation of the cold storS 0,0 00 more men to the navy's war age men in this movement, hestrength. , said.WE KNOW HOWDon'tCold!Don't sweat indoors and get a chill outdoors. Wearmedium weight underwear that evaporates perspiration as quickly as it appears that is always comfortable indoors and warm enough outdoorsWEARDU0F0LDHealth Underwear!where there is a thin inner layer of soft cotton fabricfor comfort and a thin outer layer of fine wool thatdoesn't touch the skin (can't itch)and which keeps thecold out and the natural warmth in and which hasan air space between the two layers that ventilates.Remember the Name DuofoldUnioij Suits and Separate Garments7 ;Don't delay ! Buy now !Mitchell & BlakemoreStetson Hats Manhattan Shirts Nettleton ShoesDr.' Reed's Cushion Sole ShoesI::LOWER FREIGHT RATES TO HELPCOAL SHORTAGE.-rne Kentucky Railroad Commission- has been in session at Louis--.riiirt t j x At i iV"1C 1X1 iesaiu lo Lue complaint oncoa freiSht rates all over Kentucky.which took effect July 1.After a thorough investigation bylast ten years and under these conditions the State Commission couldf T iT commission couiaijui. ace iiuw lug iiimuaub were entitled to this 15 per cent, increase, sothey refused to permit it to continuein effect. As a result, the Louisvilleand Nashville Railroad Company isrevising its freight rates all over theState to equalize rates "from theeastern and western coal fields to allpoints in Kentucky. This will giveall Central Kentucky a lower ratethan they had prior to July 1st, before the 15 per cent, was added.a feLOOK OVER TfflS LIST A SHOPTHAT'LL SAVE YOU MONEY . .Binder twine, axes, saws, hatchets,hammers, stoves, stove pipe, harnessj of all kinds, saddles, collars, all kindsj of wire fence, nails, staples, wagons,I tnrronlino oiifn o t rl Vil cro"ir TMIirabuggy storm fronts, horse blankets,grindstones, steel traps, corn cribwire. A full line of shot guns and'rifles at a 20 per cent, saving. Whitepowder shells 85c per box; blackpowder shells 70c per box; blackpowder shells, 70c. Sole leather,shoe lasts, auto tires, wrenches, oiland accessories, cream separators,churns, milk cans. Black Roof Paint30c to 60c per gallon. A full line ofSimmons' House Paint, guaranteed tobe the best, at about 10 per cent,saving.FARMERS SUPPLY COMPANY.153 ?5i SBePOSTAGE CHANGE RATHER CONFUSING TO MANY.Postmaster J. Walter Payne reportsthat the new three-cent postage crauc candidates in .Bourbon and inwhich went into effect last Friday, 5s , JJ C1H'V w "l and CT ffl'bein, carried out without any diffl-; Sio y Tun'othculty, though there has been some whatever happening to disturb thetrouble in handling some classes of even tenor of the day.mail. Returns from all the precincts in-Mr. Payne says that while every- dicated a majority of about 200 forbody understands the postage hastth.e constitutional amendment per-been raised to three cents on lettersto points outside of Bourbon county,there are many who do not knowthat a letter can be mailed from onepoint to another in the county with-;out any increase in postage. Forinstance, two cents will carry a letter from Millersburg to Paris, andvice versa.In anticipation of the increase inrates there was quite a demand onthe local office for two and one centstamps. Since then a goodly supplyof the new issue of three-centstamps has been received.Until the Paris public thoroughlyunderstands the new regulations, it isexpected by the postal authoritiesthat many letters will have to be returned to the writers for additionalpostage. The public should remember that to insure delivery to pointsoutside of Bourbon county lettersmust bear three cents in postaga,and postal cards an additional onecent stamp.?5 EJ E!NOW. DENNY B. GOODE!Following the announcement published in Tuesday's issue of THENEWS of the purchase of sixtypounds of Miss Holladay's Candies bythe Kentucky Women's Society ofNew York, the Kentucky Food Administration, through Assistant FoodAdministrator Denny B. Goode, ofLexington, telegraphed a request thatthe society cancel its order Thecondy was to be used as prizes at acharity bridge party for Red Crosswork to be given on November 13.The proceeds were to be used for purchasing blankets for the use of Dr.Barrow's Base Hospital Unit No. 40.The request was made that the society substitute some other form ofprize so as to conserve the sugarsupply.The request was sent in the formoi a telegram from Mr. Goode, asfollows:"Mrs. Bedell Parker,"President Society of KentuckyWomen, 2343 Broadway, NewYork, N. Y.:"Lexington is deeply grateful foryour generous assistance in purchasing blankets for the Barrow Ba.ie jHospital Unit, but for the sake otfood conservation and for the example it will set, I appeal to you tocancel your order for candy and tosubstitute other prices at your charity bridge party that may conserveour sugar supply for our starvingallies."DEENY B. GOODE,"Assistant Food Administrator forKentucky."Miss Holladay received a letterWednesday from Mrs. Parker, askingif, under the circumstances, shewould cancel the order, to which reply was made that as it was the FoodAdministration's request the orderwould be cancelled.Si Si ssiHELPING MT. STERLING MEN TOORGANIZE.Mr. Z. L. Wilcox, County WorkSecretary of the Y. M. C. A., withheadquarters in Paris, Mr. Henry A.Power, District Chairman of the Y.M. C. A. War Work, and Mr. W. O.Hinton, Chairman of Boys' Work ofthe Y. M. C. A. in this district, allfrom Paris, were in Mt. Sterling,Tuesday, and inaugurated a campaign to raise $2,500 in Montgomerycounty in connection with a nationwide movement to raise $35,000,000,which will be used in war work bythe American Y. M. C. A. on the battle fields of Europe.Mr. John G. Winn was designatedas Chairman of the War Work Council for Montgomery county. A greatmass meeting will be held in thecourt house in Mt. Sterling to-morrowafternoon at two o'clock, atwhich time Dr. W. A. Ganfield, President of Centre College at Danville,will make the principal address ofthe afternoon. Hon. W. O. Davis,of Versailles, will also address themeeting.. is is sPARIS WOMAN'S INVENTION T,0BE MARKETED.Mr. Gus Heyman, of Lexington,has bought the stock of Messrs. H.P Taylor, T. W. Brock, H. C. Garrett and J. H. Hardwick, all of Winchester, in the Premier Manufacturing Company, which was organizedin Winchester a few years ago tomanufacture and market an athleticwaist which was designed and patented by Miss Margaret Donaldson,of Paris.Mr. Heyman expects to reorganize the company by January 1, andto have associated with him in conducting the business Miss Donaldson,of Paris, arid Messrs. Victor Bloom-field and W. L. Cotton, or wmenester. Forty machines are at presentemployed in making these waists,whifh have had a big sale on themarket. About January l aaaiuoummachines will be installed, and theworking forces greatly augmented.Machinery for manufacturing a patpntfid athletic union suit, the productof Miss Donaldson's genius,will also be added to the equipment.THE ELECTION.The November election was in thenature of a walkover for the Dem-'Tlun5 ine Purcnase ot one telephone company by another. The bondissue for extension of the city sewersystem carried by a vote of 315 to142. The vote on the nronnsitinn nfa twenty-year contract with thefans water company resulted in a.majority of 289 being cast againstthe proposition. The vote stood 95for and 384 against. Not more than,one-third of the regular vote of thecounty was cast, on account of therebeing no contest for any of the officesand but little interest was shown inthe vote or the general result.The nominees who were electedTuesday, and who will be sworn faoffice on January 1, 1918, are as follows: State Senator George Hon, ofClark county.Representative C. M. Thoma3, "Bourbon county.Sheriff Wall G. McClintock.County Clerk Pearce Paton.County Judge George Batterton.County Attorney David D. Cline.County Superintendent of SchoolsJ. B. Caywood.Jailer Thomas Taul.Assessor Walter Clark.Coroner Rudolph. Davis.Magistrates L. J. Fretwell, Paris "precinct; E. P. Thomason, Millersburg; John S. Talbott, North Middletown; John S. Wiggins, Hutchison; John N. Shropshire, Centerville;Lee Stephenson, Clintonville; S. B.Burris, Little Rock; R. O. Turner,Ruddles Mills.Mayor E. B. January.Police Judge Ernest Martin.Chief of Police W. Fred Link.Councilmen First Ward, JohnMerringer, John Christman and?Thomas Kiser; Second Ward, S. K.Nichols, J. J. Veatch and John Arkle;Third Ward, George Doyle.Members of the School BoardPeale Collier, N. H. Rion and RoyClendenin.Returns received from practicallyevery legislative district in the Stateindicate that while the Democratswill have safe majorities in bothbranches of the next Legislature, theparty lead will be cut down in both,houses, due largely to the big Democratic slump in Louisville and Jefferson county, where on the face of returns the Democrats elect only oneState Senator and one reperesentative. The Democrats have lost threeseats and probably four in the StateSenate and have gained none. In theHouse they have lost ten and gainedtwo, making a net loss of eight, indicated by the returns in the membership of the lower branch.On the face of the returns the political lineup of the next General Assembly will be as follows: Senate,Democrats, 24; Republicans, 14.House, Democrats, 55; Republicans. 45.The result in Fayette county wassomewhat of a surprise. JudgeFrank Bullock was re-elected CountyJudge; A. L. Hamilton Representative from the county, while BillyKlair easily defeated his opponentsThomason, in the race for Representative from the city of Lexington. ""Police Judge John jfl. Riley was reelected by a majority that was a surprise even to his closest friends.T. C. Bradley, W. H. McCorkle,Charles H. Darnaby and HarryShoonmaker elected City Commissioners. The defeat of George Landwas a surprise. Constitutionalamendment carried, but only a smallvote was polled on the question. Thedefeat of Land was a hard blow tothe city administration and takes thepolitical control of the city out ofthe hands of Mayor Rogers.5j Fn KINJURED MAN REMOVED TO HISHOME.Mr. Homer Bruce, Adams Expressmessenger, who was brought herebadly injured last week, and takento the Massie Memorial Hospital, hasbeen removed to his home in Winchester. Mr. Bruce was accompaniedhome by his father, Mr. Zena Bruce,of Winchester, and a nurse.The accident, which resulted ininjury to Mr. Bruce happened justafter the L. & N. fast train No. 33,south-bound, left Cynthiana forParis. Several hundred pounds ofexpress matter were thrown uponMr. Bruce when the train lurched inrounding a sharp curve. He was rendered unconscious and his predicament was not discovered until hereached Paris, and trainmen going toopen his car, found him lying on thefloor unconscious. He is still suffering from numerous bruises and nervous shock, but his physicians do notapprehend any serious consequences.fe fe teBRYAN SLINGING "BULL:" BULLCHASES BRYAN!William J. Bryan, former Secretary of State, was saved from a wildbull by the presence of a mesquitetree on the desert near Chandler,Arizona. Tuesday.Mr. Bryan and R. A. Hayward,Superintendent of the Pima IndianReservation, were duckhunting when,they were chased by the bull, andsucceeded in reaching the mesquitetree.Other members of the Tiumtingparty shot and killed the bull. Mr.Brvan was unhurt, and loat.Mirt ofhte hunting suit In the -fliirtit'from.' the animal. '' "1iV-?HHE BOURBON NEWSJ authority or an obstacle to severity, ' KENTUCKY TBACTIOHr & TEEM-when the good of the individual or . NAL CO. GETS JN GAME.school demands it. The teacherabllshcd 188135 Years oftinuous Publication.Con-must cherish an abiding love for hisThe Kentucky Traction & Terminalpupils, and that love is the inflic-1 Company announces that, in accordtion of necessary punishment in the ance with the provisions of the newmanagement of public affairs. war revenue law, a war tax willbllshed Everv Tuesdav and Fridav ! U very imPortant if some school 'bave to be collected on certain inter-r Year S2 nn Si- Mnnth i an ho? reads a Sod essa or speaks well urban passenger fares and on allPayTblc lij Advance """ L00,a piece, or sings well a song, or .freight shipments, commencing-No-'stands high in the class room, that.vember 1., kind of mention should be made pub- This tax is levied by action of Con-CWIFT CrIAMP. Editor and Owner, licly of such success, for more young. gress and must be paid by the pas-' minds nrfi ininred hv the w.int nf , senders or snipper and transmittedcheering words than are made vainby an excess of such praise.IKfVt P f7.?5Artfirrxf?3iifets7imsjjtai PlivrF'ii- yXW.Zi iyatrL.2&r-7 V- V a.HSlSaw. pi3'?to theKEEP UVEB ACTIVEAND BOWELS CLEANWITH "CASCABETS"by the traction companiesgovernment.The amounts levied on interurbanL.nrAiini nn A f roi aril ODnHnO YXT til 1 CC, nl3 T.f. pcUJBCiieci auu. . ,- ,.., WJ ""',, , , , J law is as follows:The weekly country paper has as lm Three per cent. of the amountdefinite excuse for being in the world I id for the transportation of freight,as can be furnished by the city dai-j Q llf npr rpnt nf the omnilnt! paid by passenger fares in excess ofiOn aTi mililinnfiAn r. m4- w.1-wkjuiii u. puuiiv;ai,iuu 10 uul uniylies! o hiieinocc crni3 Jmt ia o TnlT?f nf, uuj...?o t,u.xvl, xo a, i'uhfii, U1-: t.liirt.v-nvfi Rents.1 J J. i !? J i? 1 1 i I "j morals; it is a kind of public rostrumwhere the affairsyof the State areconsidered; it is a supervisor .ofstreets and roads a it is a socialfriend, a promoter of friendship and: good will.Edited by a broad and just man,such a publication so treats the dif-, ferent sects that they realize theirbrotherhood and ht.-p.oniA in rpalitv. . ,,,EDITORIAL MUSINGS.what they are pictured in print. Thetown weekly dare noc be Presbyterian or Methodist, or Baptist, but itmust select the valuable in eachchurch and thus becomes a harmonizer of discord. It binds thosewhom theology would often separate.Even the so-called matters of a village or incorporated town are smallonly to those whose hearts are toofull of personal interest.School Management.The most powerful agency in schoolinanagement is kindness. There is-no force on earth so potent as love."Vhen it has possession of the human heart it is all pr evading andoverpowering, and especially if"brought to bear upon sympathetic-childhood and youth. The teachermust rule bv kindness, have n. uniformity of good will, earnest sym- A Handy Dog.-pathy, and hearty generosity habit- Were you ever kept awake at nightdually exercised toward his pupils. hy tlie bowling or barking of a dog?The teacher alone who loves his Not very Pleasant is it? If you knowpupils has power to gain their love how ifc sounds, keep your dog lockedand confidence, " which should be un at niSt. Put him in your barntheir chief reliance in school man- or out-shed at night so that hiscement. An affectionate pupil williniusic wil1 not make your Christiantonfide in a teacher's judgment, re-! neighbors say things which shouldjpect his authority and fear his dis-; be left unsaid. Keep him up so yourpleasure. If you show him by your yard will not be filled with tin canspersonal attention and kindness that!and brick bats aimed at the dogyou are his true friend, and that all Por innocent creature. He is onlyyour efforts are designed to secure J mourning for his friend who hasIiis best good, and make him believe strayed into a sausage factory. Lockit, -ou hold him as by the power of , llim up, my friend. The deed will addn--"iantment, having no need of ' a star to your heavenly crown.physical force to keep him in sub-3eHe fa held by another and higher Claims 0T Your Caslllaw, which induces him to gratify' Just at thls time the mail orderyour wishes and seek the best good houses are active in flooding theof the school. But this kindness, country with big, handsomely gottenwhich is an essential element in ev- UD catalogues, quoting attractiveery true system of government, fa prices on staDle articles and makingmot, and cannot be, substituted for a11 sorts of blS sounding claims forj-iM-i ! your cash. They do not offer to ex-""""""""""""""'"' change their goods for the farmers'i eggs, poultry, butter or other produce. They don't trust a . penny'sworth, but make yoa pay cash beforeyou get the goods and the freightbesides. If anything: is wrone: withthe goods or they do not suit you,I they will not change them. Theypay no taxes into your city or countytreasury, with which our schools are! maintained, roads, bridges and sidcI walks built. They do not contribute to our churches, charitable in". stitutions, nor to our poor.Under the law the war tax onfreight shipmentsmust be paid bywhoever pays the shipping charges,and the purchaser of a passenger faremust pay the additional amount levied as a tax, whatever it is. Nothingwill be saved by endeavoring to usepassenger transportation bought before the law went into effect. Thegovernment has taken the pains toprevent this means of escaping taxation. Nothing will be gained by arguingwith the railroad agent or ticket seller, or the poor conductor. Theyhave no disposition in the matter except to collect the tax and send themoney to the United States Treasury.TS fe HaYOU CAN'T FIND ANYDANDRUFT, AND HAIRSTOPS COMING AUTYou are judgedby your houseby the taste of Its decorationsand the fltnqfes of its appointments.Iti-you are going: to build or remodel in the Spring; don't takethe final steps without consultingthe 15 architects. 9 decorators and2 experts on house fittings whogive advice in tho Xovember Issuetotr, House & GardenHouse Planning NumberWhat to expect of the architect;the decorative vaiu of woods; thenew hanging fabrics16 Special Articlesgiving original and valuable ideasthat will make your house good tolive In.Special Offer 5 Issues for $1(Six, if you respond promptly)Scad no money now unless you wishto just mail the coupon "today.House & Garden19 W. 44th Street, N. T. C.Send me five numbers of. House &Garden, beginning with the November Issue. It Is understood thatIf this order reaches you promptly,you will send an additional number, making six In all. I enclose Jlherewith (OR) I will remit $1 onreceipt at bllL (Foreign $1.60CBMdiaa 11-14.) ,Nam y(Pea write very plainly)AddressCtty State...!!!!!g) P.P.L.-11-17feSlMaUkc5li-omvviapietQmij, ;'S"inv:W&,rs32ki..t 5owyxy - ws. wm7 vyOG2i5ft... .lW3nmU.A W-; "t- 'TiiTi .. ,TiHERE'S a heap of joyin a ton of good coal.Your stove or furnacewon't have much troublefrom extracting comfortfrom a ton of coal if youbuy it from us. Our rapiddelivery will please you.W. C. DODSONSouth Main St.The Home of Good CoalSave Your Hair! Make It Thick,Wavy, Glossy and BeautifulAt OnceTry as you will, after an application of Danderine, you can not find asingle trace of dandruff or fallinghair and your scalp will not itch,hut what will please you most will beafter a few weeks' use, when you seenew hair, fine and downy at firstyes but really new hair growingall over the scalp.A little Danderine immediatelydoubles the beauty of your hair. Nodifference how dull, faded, brittleand scraggy, just mosten a cloth withDanderine. and carefully draw itthrough your hair, taking one smallstrand at a time. The effect is immediate and amazing your hair will belight, fluffy and wavy, and have anappearance of abundance; an incomparable lustre, softness and luxuriance, the beauty and shimmer ol truehair health.Get a small bottle of Knowlton'sDanderine from any drug store ortoilet counter, and prove that yourhair is as pretty and soft as anythat it has been neglected or injuredby careless treatment. A small trialbottle will double the beauty of yourhair. (adv)pa E3 Ts ,NOTICE TO CATTLE' FEEDERSAND BREEDERS.m'i.j14If U ! tU m ?UTHAT'S THE POLISHHSHOE POLISHES10 -BLACK-WHITE-TAN- 10EF.Dalley Co. oTNewTferklnc,Buffalo.NY..jLiI '1- 'iHfcx TVA meeting of the representativecattle feeders and breeders of Kentucky has been called by Commissioner of Agriculture, Mat S. Cohen, toconvene at the Phoenix Hotel, Lexington, Kentucky, Friday, November9, 1917, at two o'clock in order todiscuss the importance and need ofstimulating the cattle feeding andcattle breeding industries of theState, which industries at this timeare at a lower ebb than at any timesince the Civil War. Every cattlefeeder and cattle breeder in the Stateis invited to be present at this meeting and express his views as to thebest ways and means of meeting thisemergency and stimulating these industries in order to augment the supply of beef and to better prepare forafter-the-war demands, which wijnecessarily be made upon this country. It is hoped that all who are interested in cattle feeding or breedingmay be present at this importantmeeting.' 115AN OLD MAN'S STOMACH.As we grow older and less active,less and less food is required to meetthe demands of our bodies. If toomuch is habitually taken, the stomach will rebel. When a man reachesthe advanced age of 85 or 90, youwill find that he is a light eater.Be as careful as you will, however,you will occasionally eat morg thanyou should and will feel the need ofChamberlain's Tablets to correct -thadisorder. These tablets do not contain pepsin, but strengthen the stomach and enable it to perform its functions naturally. They also cause agentle movement of the bowels.(nov-addv)te fe feREMEMBER "OUR BOYS" IN CAM?IN TIME.On account of so many men beingaway from home at the variouscamps throughout the country avery heavy movement of Christmaspackages, both by mail and express,is expected this winter. There willbe approximately a million soldiersat the various camps, andlt is easyto see that unusually early shipmentis necessary in order to insure arrival by Christmas morning.The Postoffice Department has fixed November 15. as the last day formailing Christmas packages to thesoldiers and sailors" abroad. Mailingthese remembrances in time maysave many fine Kentucky chaps fromkeen disappointment on Christmasmorning.JBest When Bilious,. Sick, Headachy,Constipated or For Bad Breathor Sour Stomach.Be careful! Clean up inside tonight and feel fine. Take Cascaret3to liven your liver and clean thebowels and stop headaches, a badcold, biliousness, offensive breath,coated tongue, sallowness, sour stom-l ach and gases. To-night take Cas-carets and enjoy the nicest, gentlestliver and bowel cleansing you ever,experienced. Wake up feeling grandeverybody's doing it. Cascaretsbest laxative for children also.(adv(E3Nationally is the aggregated individuality of the greatest men of thenation. Kossuth.S3 feAs a general thing, a man'strousers looks better when he wearsa long overcoat.Home For Sale PrivatelyOn account of Mr. NapierVpaseenger run being changed from Paris toLexington and Cincinnati necessitating a removal to Lexington, I desireto dispose of my residence at the corner of Main and Second streets, InParis, at private sale.This is a substantial brick house,two-stories, has six large rooms;sleeping porch; two concrete porches;large garden and poultry yard; sideand front yard. It in a first-clas3j home and will be a bargain for th?purchaser. It Is In first-class shape.I An inspection of the house and premises is Invited.MRS.' JESSE S. NAPIER,(4-tf) 12S Mam'Street..Virfia Land For Sale!150 acres of Laurel County virgin land that would make an idealchicken ranch. About 75 acreis high, flat land, and balance on abranch between, two high bluffs.This branch land has enough tie andsmall timber on it to pay for it.Would be an ideal place for an orchard, being protected from frost toa great extent by these bluffs. Allkinds of fruits would do well. Someof this land would produce fair corn,and tobacco, and all kinds of vegetables.It joins up close to L. & N station. An opportunity for a hustlerto get rich on a small investment.If interested call 404, CumberlandTelephone. (tf)PUBLIC SALEOFBuff Leghorns For SaleI have a number of fine Buff Leghorn Single Comb Cockerels for sale,a fancy laying strain. Price $2.00each.MRS. LETITIA CLAY,(30-tf) Cumberland Phone 204.MEN WANTED.100 men wanted at once to dig andload coal in coal mines. For any information wanted, writeGEO. VEAL, Supt.,(23-lmo) Shamrock, Ky.Magazine Agency.I will receive subscriptions to thefollowing magazines:Curtis Publishing Company'sLadies Home Journal, SaturdayEvening Post t and the Country Gentleman, Cosmopolitan.Good Housekeeping,Harpers,Motor Magazine,Pictorial Review,Mothers' Magazine,Heart's.Kentucky Magazine.Until November 10 will receive 2year subscription to Cosmopolitan,Heart's, and Good House Keeping,either for $2. I will also make advantageous clubbing offers with ThePictorial Review.MMS. O. P. CARTER, JR.,Paris, Ky. f(oct23-tf)Valuable City Property!The undersigned will offer at public sale onMonday, November 12, 1917At 10 O'clock A. M.at the corner of Fifth and Main, the following described property tovit: 1st The handsome 3-story business block on Main street; storeroom now occupied as a millinery store by Mrs. Come W. Baird, overv.hich is a beautiful flat on the second and third floors. This propertyfronts on Main street 22 feet, running back 84 feet, more or less.2nd The store room adjoining, occupied by Harry Linville as ashoe store, and is the same property as the above, with the exceptionof the size of the lot, which is 19x84 feet, more or less. This propertywill be offered as a whole.3rd The double brick building on Fifth 'street now occupied byDr. Vansant on the east side and Dr. Anderson on the west side. Overthese offices are two modern flats, easily rented and now occupied bygood tenants. This is an exceptionally good piece of investment property. This being a double house each side will be offered separatelyand then as a whole. The dimensions of this lot is 50x61 feet, more orless.In the rear of the Main street property and between the Fifth streetproperty there is a perpetual passway, which gives ingress and egressto the flats, store rooms and the residence property.4th About 5 acres, more or lers on Stoner Creek, at the end ofStoner avenue, entrance both at Sfoner avenue and Massie Lane. Onthis property is a large stable, cow barn and corn crib and chickenhouse. This would be admirable property for town lots.5th About 9 acres on east side of Maysville and Lexington Railroad, running from Washington street to Stoner Creek and adjoins theDuncan heirs property on the east.At the same time and place 6 fine, milk eows will be sold. Four ofthese cows are fresh, two having calves by their side.-Parties desiring further information or desiring to look over thisproperty will please call on Mr. Phil Nippert, who will take pleasure inbeing of service to them.TERMS Real estate, one third cash, balance in equal payments inone and two years, with 6 interest.P. MPPERT. Aeent.To E3o Sold ByIPulb2EpaEHa?nimwSc2 AucSechSALE VILL BE HSLD AT P.ESJD"?' " "!ON FARM A., ICf.u'..'J AG T! : " '.:PLACETlireiMW ftlAtf-tiQUl-WCtflp E3UWB 81 .'AT 10 C:CLOCK A. M., SIIAEIGEOrH A. EAIIT, Jlucllcneer.7 Miles from Lexington onthe Newly AsphaltedMaysvilles-" .. .--.. ..r.Road ' c N " V r '-..CAS AM 738AC06Au lf"TT.. -J ,' M L """- w""if-7" "fl v. 0 A5-SI-& Ac"- 3-a '9THESE FARMS AREAPART OF THE FAMOUS ESTATE OF THELATE JAMES B. HAGGIN AND ARE THEFIRST TO BE OFFERED TO THE GENERAL PUBLIC BYAUCTION.'LFarm A, 100 42-100 acres 1 a brick residence; 2 42-stall circularhorse barn; X water system. All in blue grass sod exceptabout 15 acres.Farm B, 173 89-100 acres 1 a stucco cottage; 2, 3, 4, 5 and 6, tenstall horse barns; 7 a cottage; X water system. All in bluegrass sod except about 18 acres.Farm C. 10G 1-10 acres No improvements; all in -blue grass; goodwater.Farm D, 2S9 acres 1 7-room cottage; 2 a tobacco barn; 3 a brickdwelling. All except about 40 acres in blue grass and v,heat.Farm E. 159 8-10 acies 1 a 20-acre tobacco barn; 2 42-stall circular horse barn; 3 7-room cottage; X w.ater system. All Inwneat and blue glass sod.Farm T 35 acres l.an up-to-date abattoir and packing houseSomething better than you could imagine. All in blue grassand wneat.The order of sale will be A, E, B, D, F, C.r- .W ,' IS VoTi - -With the idea of increasing food pioduction so essential to the needs of our nation at this time, the undersigned nur-ro?umbleS'' uutilled fau.. Horn the late James B. Haggin's Executors in one tract of 862 acres, thTsmallestA:, can be seen fiom the above cut. we have divided this tract into SIX FARMS, raneinc in kIp frnm tz tn ?acres whldi putslthis HAGGIN1ZED PKOPBUTY within the reach of the farmer who is ?iSle to o5StawSmllc'SS ?lXStlS5 orrtneti:.e.tia?IS.,0ad8 m KentUCky- They are " an tertirban line", anl "abSufhSaThe location o these aims is the best in the State. They are in the very heart of the far famed Blue GraRogo.i. They .ye surrounded by many picturesque properties. Being on the same road, they are wfi hin a! short distanc!! iualrul Winston &um v Club Tml"Daiiv. uitliin one mile of this nronoitw lpctrtc nVit onrf -... ;, nm.;nnv.i. ..i.' :, -" "'tu " "la "euuuTKRMS-Onf-HnrH nah nnnn flnlU.nKir r n. k.i -.'u -J .. ".ii ?in.; rodjpiuijuii.. JitLtia ouivcja uy tviiuuiii ;v. iewnian ana echacrfa fre-. of charge. For further information address:HAL. PRICE HEADLEYS C. M. MARSHALL,Lexington, ky. - Lexington, Ky.;: W. D. MclNTYRE,"' - Milleraburg, Kyt-A. j?l?t. -V- - )"t?'V-1--i --.-v - ... --- ',---. "' . . . .t- . ..... . . .... . - ' "VlWi . L't "-s,jr! i ht ' v ? !- ,t Oy,iFRIDAY NOVEMBER 3, 1917.-THE BGURBOK NEWS, PARIS, CT.PAGE THrTKWi46M -OfK5i fcT m& f FfZL feSSf ry I ((( J'V farf&flatfOirzry&aw "j yyIIj V F WHITEI With Dickersoxi & DouhIbb Ourase, -4th arid High. St., Fe.ri S fi SERVICE STATION gj.3gNw l ..-: ? T !: WL V.VJ 'Lw'IJ J .T? 'v- 1 .w 1TS53.&,-Pictorial Press In Leslie'iThe mot war-picturMthe be t war-picturefirst, inYour TelephoneA Money Maker!If busy farmers, who are selling their stock and produce at good prices, were to be deprived of' their telephone, they wo uld readily place the value of the instrument at anywhere from $5.00 to $35.00 a day.You will find the secret of the prosperous farmer'ssuccesss lies in his prompt telephone communication withthe local and city markets.Our new Directory will go to press soon and it is ourendeavor to supply you continuously good telephone service day and night. Our rates are reasonable.Paris Home Telephone S Telegraph Co.(Incorporated)j. j. veatch;- Diitritt XtiAger.fHens LayAMAZINGLYv keakeptjQKCxxl condition vrithOgiWOH POULTOYiHEMEDYI JLttw dMHM iBtktdrlakiBEir&terI iteey mm Manny and makeI tfeeaa (ay. Cores ad prerents! roar, tolle, ore-lid aad otherr At dmcKtota or.oymmu potm.mlT't tTToiUTbQVr tr on reqyuK.f I 'HE Paige "Six" becomes an ideal closedcar when equipped with our new winter topIt means snug comfort in the coldest weatherand beauty and grace as well.Purchased as special equipment of a new "Six'39"the price is only $198.50 a clear saving of$31.50, Purchased separately the top costs$230,Only a limited number of cars will be equippedwith these smart tops. So, see our dealerimmediately. Assure yourself of closed car,luxury when $ie cold blasts of winter arrive.Essex "Six-55 7-passcnger $1775; Coupe "Six-55" 4-passenger$2850; Town Car "Six-55 7-passenger $3230, Limousine "Six-55"7-passenger $3230, Sedan "Si-55" 7-passenger $2850, Brooklands4-passenger $1795: Lmwood "Six-39 5-passenger $1330, Glendale ySix-39" Chummy Roadster $1330, Dartmoor "Six-39 ' 2or passenger $i--u; seaan "iixov 5-passenger $1VZ ".All Prices f. o b Detroit.PAIGE'DETROIT MOTOR CAR COMPANY, DETROIT, MICH.Leslie'sTen ct, &At the wtWB attend everywhereW.H.CAHN0N,Local Manager.CABAL BROS.BARBER SHOPPrompt andCaurtMuaPatrnaAtttntlan U'!&. ' )i'yty4iHi4 J: ? t?trr-i?VS-ssynyV&Another bad thing about the waythis world is organized is that whenthe mosquito goes out with hisstinger the tax collector come in withhis bill.Fair Warning!All parties owing accounts morethan two months past due to the undersigned merchants, who are members of the Business Men's ProtectiveAssociation of Bourbon County, arehereby requested to call and arrangewith said mercants for a settlementof such accounts at once. Unlessyou do this, each merchant will, according to our By-Laws, be compelledto give your name and amount ofdebt to our Secretary for record andcollection.The purpose of our Association isnot to put any hardship or place anyundeserved criticism upon any onebut something had to be done tobreak up the "dead beat" businessof this county. Your merchant nodoubt will act humanely and allowyou to pay just a little each weekon your old account. Surelyyou do not want your name to appear in our "Delinquent List."All your merchant and our Association asks of you is come and letus reason together. Show that youare honest and mean to pay yourdebts, by even paying a little eachweek as best you can. This is surelynot asking too much. But remember,you must do this at once, beforeour Black Lists are printed andmailed to each of our members..THE BUSINESS MEN'S PROTECTIVE ASSOCIATION OP BOURBON COUNTY.FRED WECKESSER,Chairman.WM. GRANNAN,Secretary and Attorney.Wilmoth & Co.Busy Bee Cash Store," L. R. Bramblett,v P. M. Heller,Baldwin Bros.,J. A. Sullivan,Harry Simon,John J. Connelly,Higgins & Flanagan,Lavin & Connell,C. S. Goldstein,L. Wollstein, sMargolen & Co., s -John Merringer,Mitchell v& Blakemore,Harry LInville,Tilford Burnett,Logan Howard,Skillman Bros., -Mulfinger & Stone, rLusk & Shea, 'J&Dr. L. Oberdorfer, -C. P. Cook & Co.,Dan Jordan,H. P. Walsh, ..H. JjjGrroache, , JS. Rummans,T. W. Spicar,JH. M. ColiimB Co.,, B. Friedman, ' kf.Hi.,-,I Jttr IGrROVER MORGAN MAY. BE RETURNED TO BOURBON.t Grover Morgan, smooth man andall-aiound self-confessed bad man.i who was arrested in Maysville lastweek on a robbery charge, willlikely be turned over to the Bourboncounty officials, where he is wantedon charges of being a fugitive fromjustice, jail-breaking and on an in- Jaictment charging him with granJlarceny.Morgan was classed as a slackerfor having failed to report to theMason County Board of Exemptionwhen his name was called for military examination- He was reportedto the Mason County Board, and theofficers signified their willingness toturn him over to the Federal authorities if they desired his return.It developed, however, that Morganwas in the Bourbon county jail atthe time the call was issued, and,therefore, could not answer his caU,and it is doubtful as to whether ornot the Federal authorities will wanthim because of this.The Bourbon county authoritiesare very anxious for the young manto be turned over to them, whichwill be done as soon as ChiefMackey hears from the governmentauthorities as to what they wjll dowith their claim on him.la PaBREAKS A COLD IN .JUST A FEW HOURS'Tape's Cold Compound' EndsGrippe Misery Don't StayStuffed-up!t You can end grippe and break upa severe cold either in head, chest,body or limbs, by taking a dose of"Pape's Cold Compound" every twohours until three doses are taken.It promptly opens clogged-up nostrils and air passages in the head,stops nasty discharge or nose running, relieves sick headache, dullness,feverishness, sore throat, sneezing,soreness and stiffness.Don't stay stuffed up! Quit blowing and snuffling! Ease your throbbing head nothing else in the worldgives such prompt relief as "Pape'sCold Compound," which costs only afew cents at any drug store. It actswithout assistance, tastes nice andcauses no inconvenience. Be sure youget the genuine. (adv)js?a EssGREAT GOD! SAID THE WOODCOCK AS HE FLEW!Senator LaFollette made public aletter he had written to the Rev.Herbert S. Bigelow, the Cincinnatipreacher recently whipped by a mobfor alleged disloyal expressions. TheSenator denounced the whipping as"an attack upon the liberty of everycitizen of this republic," and said If"as press reports indicate" officialscharged with the administration ofjustice failed in their duty, othermeans would be found to unmask andpunish those who made the attack.tCk K3 1E3MES. P. 0. STUCHELL TELLS HOWSHE CURED HER SON OPA COLD."When my son Ellis was sick witha cold last winter I gave him Chamberlain's Cough Remedy. It helpedhim at once and quickly broke uphis cold," writes Mrs. P. O. Stucheli.Homer City, Pa. This remedy hasbeen in use for many years. Its goodqualities have been fully proven bymany thousands of people. It ispleasant and safe to take.(nov-addv)lm fe isLIMIT WEIGHT OP PARCE FOESOLDIERS IN PRANCE.Parcel post packages destined forthe expeditionary forces in trancewill be limited on and after November 1 to seven pounds in weight, according to announcement made atthe Paris postoffice. This is due tothe fact that the i?rencn rauwajrowill not carry over their lines packages weighing over seven pounds.Customs declarations are not required for such packages. 'Persons having friends or relatives in France to whom they wishto send Christmas packages mustpost them not later than November15 Every sucn pacKage musi uciconspicuously the words "Christmasmail."?s laPOR A WEAK STOMACH.As a general rule all you need todo is to adopt a diet suited to yourage and occupation and to keep yourbowels regular. When you feel thatyou have eaten too much and whenconstipated, take one of Chamberlain's Tablets.- (nov-addv)ia ?s-wAnother reason why it is cheaperfor a man to be wedded to an idealis because he can clothe her in thefigments of his imagination.Professional Cards.WM. GRANNANAttorriey-at-LawROOMS 401-402.FIRST NATL BANK BUILDING. DR. WM, KEIEYEye,JEar, Nkfceand Throat..FIRST NATL AHK BUILDINC. J1 1 1 ! I I 1 I 1 4 "WM 1 M 1 II 4 1 ! 1 1 1 1 1 II 1 1 1 SllOolfillile&Co.l, Eexington, KentuckyI Special Purchase and SaleI Women's and MissesI Late Fall and Early Winter Suits$25.00 Twenty -I WorthWe bought thes3 Suits from a manufacturer who was"up against it" for cash, and secured them from him forpractically our own figure. We don't have to tell youthat they sell for prices much higher than $25.00. Youcan see for yourself in the style lines they exhibit; thequality of the materials used in making them, and theskillful manner in which the needle has been executed inevery seam.Out of the many we have here awaiting your choosingwe have only room to list the following:TUITSOf Navy Blue and Black Serge,plain, neat tailored effects, builtfor service and long wear, linedwith very best quality satin andpeau de cygne, special $25.00SUITSOf Velour Cloth, Gabardines andSoft Broadcloths in green, brown,beet root, gray and navy, withlarge collars of either self material or fur trimmed, special $25.00Just received, aHoflin Middie Suits forBlack and White Checks.WOLF, WILE s eorXLEXINGTON, KY.! Ill IIIIIIIIHtllllllll III III lt,ll II Mill I ?The Bourbon LaundryDWIS & FUNK, Prop?.Telephone No. 4. West 5 StreetvMSii&zmF'1' 3m&& a-t L --rJZrm&mme.s."".J8 -ix-BourboDParis- yjji- -- , t -rLtwin Bros. Department storeStvcntb ana main $t$. Paris, KentuckySome RemarkableDressesFor large and small girls.All sizes 2 to 14 years.Price 50c and Up.SUITSAll sizes from 16 to 52.Come in and see them.BLANKETSAll prices. Reduced.UnderwearUnion Suits or separate, forMen, Women, Children.I Twin Bros.Five Dollars $25.00Much Morelarge shipment of newGirls. Navy Blue and,. .. .if.; Satisfaction is OurI WatchwordWith all the latest improvements in IaundrvjfH appliances and expertV helpers we are prepared." ,i to do work inferior tonunc, aim suneit yuurpatronage.Laundry, IKentucky.hihhimii mum n nt i m mi i h iGownsOuting and Cotton89c SpecialComfortsat greatly reduced prices.Hat SpecialReduced prices on all Ladies'and Misses.Suits and DressesSale price . . . $10 01Good sizeSpecial, $1.69Peril. Stcfre fj. jl Bterm,lVr IJrVAiE FODRTHE BOURBON NEWS, PARIS, KY.-, "PHIDAT, NOVEMBER 9", 191Tt" IPARIS BOWLING LEAGUE.CLUB MEETINGS.One of the most interestingmeetings the North Middletown Women's Club has held this season occurred recently when the Club tookup the topic of "Russian Music" fordiscussion. The Club is making"Geography" its principal study.program was ren-The R. P: Walsh team came strongon the Fordham Alleys Monday nightand took the Curtis Henry & Co.team in camp by a majority of 185pins. The high scores were made byJackson and Santen for the R. P.Walsh team. Jackson rolline: 203 and186. and Santen puttin' 'em over for The followin188 and 185, respectively. The scoie dered:follows: Roll Call.Russian Composers.Russian Music . . Mrs. L. D. MitchellPianoMelody in F .x RubensteinValse in E Flat . . . TschaiskowskyVoice of Spring Sinding.Mrs. L. R. HenryVoiceLilacs Rachmanioffi Cradle Song TschalkowskyI Love Thee Greig1 Mrs. J. Ww JonesPiano; Valse Chopinj Prelude ChopinMrs. Alice S. DicksonHungarian March Howalskii Mrs. J. J. Redmonj The members of the Paris LiteraryClub met in the sewing room of theRed Cross in the court house basement Wednesday morning and spentthe time in knitting and sewing forthe soldier boys. At 2:30 p. m. theyadjourned to the County Court room,where they listened to an interesting and graphic description of thewar conditions in Belgium, told byMr. deWaganere, a veteran Belgian,lately returned from the strickencountry. No admission was charged,but a free-will offering taken realized a neat little sum, which will bedevoted to relief purposes. Following Mr. de Wagaenaere's . lecture,Miss Lida Hafford, inspector andr.r.?nfnnf A 1TM CS1 rT m'lTIQO'OV Hr T Tl A180, Bridges 167 and 149, Faulkner,, ee M cWwQllr hMriF1 GO on 1 At rn-lya. nn-a Vw11ittto , J-VCU. liuw, & v, """ - "- w oj-jj auu j.-xu. xuv. ciui& lununoiUJJUJ.1R. P. WALSH12 3Thomas 162 169 178B. Santen 188 185 176Bedford 142 112 128Kane 121 99 143Jackson 186 203 171Totals 799 768 796CURTIS HENRY CO.12 3Jones 154 179 137Woods 138 119 117Denton .. . ..124 103 167Gibson 162 151 157Henry 156 156 157Totals 734 708 735R. P. Walsh 2363Curtis Henry Co 2177R. P. Walsh Majority 186When the last ball had rolled downthe alleys and the last score had beenchalked up in the game Wednesdaynight between the Bourbon Laundryand T. W. Spicer teams, the formerteam was "over the top" by a safemajority of 159 pins. Funk, Shankland, Clark and Taylor scored highfor the Laundry team with 185, 158,168 and 159 respectively. For theSpicer team the stars who exhibitedtheir agility in sending the spheresni 6d?.?ni l rssrstantdivTsron manager!RELIGIOUS.,The Endeavor Society of thePresbyterian church will meet Sunday evening at b:au in the courthouse. The subject will be, "Seeking Things Worth While." The public is cordially invited.Rev. G. R. Combs, pastor, willpreach at the Methodist church Sunday at 10:45 a. m. and 7 p. m. Sunday School at 9:30 a. m. EpworthLeague at 6 p. m. All are cordiallyinvited.The Presbyterian church willhold regular services in the courthouse Sunday morning at 10:45o'clock, and at night at 7:15 o'clock.The morning theme will be, "Following Christ Afar Off." The nightsubject will be, "A Silver Cord."The time of the evening serviceat the Baptist church has beenchanged from 7:30 to 7:00. Thepastor will preach at both morningand evening service. Morning subject, "Edom's Error"; evening subject, "Adam's Experience." SundaySchool at 9:30; B. Y. P. U. at 6:15.!H0ME TELEPHONE CONVENTIONMr. J. J. Veatch, of Paris, District Manager of the Central HomeTelephone & Telegraph Co., has beenin Cynthiana, making arrangementsfor holding of the next District Meeting of the operators and managers atthat point. The district includes allthe offices east of and including Lou-i isville proper.The meetings will be held m theElks' Home , at Cynthiana, andthrough the kind offices of the proprietors of the Commercial "Hotel,homes and stopping places will beprovided for the delegates when theycome to the meeting at Cynthiana onNovember 17.The address of welcome will bedelivered to the operators and managers by Mayor Swinford, of Cynthiana, and the response will be madeby Mr. Minor Corman, of Louisville,General Superintendent of the Company. The meeting will be calledto order and presided over by DistrictManager Veatch, of Paris. Mr. R. V.Bishop, of Cynthiana, will be toastmaster at the luncheon, which willfollow the completion of the businessprogram.fei isMEN WANTED.i FRANK & CO.The Reliable StoreThe Endavor Society of theChristian church will meet in thechurch parlors at 6:00 p. an. Sunday.Subiect: "Seeking Things Wn.fiWhile." Leader, Mr. Robert Rose. lour Petllods of cutting.iiie woman s society or tne cnurch ; tt"u D1A muuiuaBOURBON LAUNDRY1 2158151144159185.Shankland 146Determan 157Clark ...' 138Taylor 158Funk 1643147153168142131Totals 763 797 741T. W. SPICER12 3Faulkner 162 138 143H. Santen 103 114 141Bridges 105 149 167Sadler 120 122 142Hill 196 160 180questions of vital importanceto all the women interested in RedCross work.In courtesy to the Paris LiteraryClub and to the lecturer, the Progressive Culture Club postponed theregular program, and accepted theLiterary Club's invitation to be theirguests for the lecture.- 1E1 fe ISHOUSEKEEPERS, DON'T OVERLOOK FARMERS SUPPLY COMPANY'S PRICES.Totals 686 683 773-.Bourbon Laundrey 2301WT. W. Spicer 2142Laundry Majority .. . 159CLUB STANDINGWBourbon. Laundry 10R. P. Walsh 7Curtis Henry : 4T. W. Spicer 3fe fe feJUSTIN.Pet.833.584.333.250, Jtfew mince meat and plum puddings just received. Phone in yourorders.(It) C. P. COOK & CO.BUYS EAST PARIS HOME.Mr. J. T. Shannon, of East Paris,closed a deal "Tuesday whereby hebecame owner of the two-story frameresidence belonging to and formerlyoccupied by Mr. and Mrs. M. J. Murphy, in East Paris. Mr. Shannonpaid about $3,500 for the property,which he will move into this weekwith his family.Housekeepers, we can save youmoney on flour, meal, sugar, iara,potatoes, apples, hams, bacon, syrup,dried peaches, soap, coffee, beans,rice, canned peaches, hominy, stoves,etc.FARMERS SUPPLY COMPANY.jes is isSTOVES.Get your Gas andCoal Heaters now,and have them put upready for the colddays.A. P. WHEELER & CO.opp. Court House.(oct23-tf)155 ISl WtPARENT-TEACHERS ASSOCIATION.The next meeting of the ParentTeachers' Association -will be held Inthe Paris City School next Mondayafternoon, November 12, at 3:15o'clock. The subject for discussionwill be "The Value of Play". Allinterested are invited to attend thismeeting.will meet in the Red Cross sewingroom in the. court house Tuesday afternoon at 2:30 o'clock.At the regular meeting of theMission Circle of the Christianchurch Tuesday afternoon it was decided to send another young Partegirl to the Morehead School to beeducated. Letters of appreciationfrom the Principal of the school andfrom the young woman who is tohave the scholarship were read. TheCircle decided to omit refreshmentsfrom the meetings In the future.After the program and businessmeeting Mrs. Harry Collins presidedas hostess, serving sandwiches andhot coffee.The Paris Epworth LeagueChapter will conduct special servicesSunday night at the Methodistchurch at 6 o'clock, in honor of thenine members of this organizationwho are enlisted in the services ofour country.The general theme of the servicewill be "Seeking Things WorthWhile." Mr. Dennis Snapp will havecharge of the meeting and will voicean appreciation of the "boys" whohave willingly offered their all inthe defense of their country.The public is extended a cordialinvitation to attend this service.fe te teHarness and saddle and collar cutters, wax thread machine operators,harness makers. Men having experienced in custom shop can soon learnGood wageswork. Good boardcan be had for $5 and up. No labortrouble and open shop. Railroadfare advanced to men furnishingrtlferences. The Perkins CampbellCo., 622 Broadway, Cincinnati, O.(9-4t)te tePractice Economy"By Trading at this Store0FRIDAY AND SATURDAYSPECIALSAUTO SALES.The C. S. Ball Garage, corner ofPleasant and Fourth streets, maderun on Buick machines this week,their sales totaling nine up to yesterday, as follows:L. A. Martin, seven-passengerBuick; Maury Willis, five-passengertouring car; Clay Gaitskill, fivepassenger touring car; John Sauer,seven-passenger torn mg car; Woodford Buckner, Buick roadster; Geo.W. Davis, seven-passenger Buicktouring car; Charles Jones, five-passengertouring car; B. Minertz, fivepassenger touring car; Letton Vi,mont, Buick roadster. Three of themachines were sold to purchasers in.an hour's time one morning. Thecars will be delivered as fast as possible.K!Xv.J 5-IO25-STOREN IITHE VALUES OF TOMORROWXIOpening Sale SaturdayAt 8 O'clock.RANGES, STOVES, AND STOVEPIPES AT REAL BARGAINSCome see our cast ranges, and ourcook stoves and heating stoves theyare real bargains. Get your stovepipe here: 7-inch stovepipe or elbow, 25c; 6-inch stovepipe or elbow,20c; 5-inch stovepipe or elbow, 17c;4-inch stovepipe or elbow, 15c.FARMERS SUPPLY COMPANY.15 19 19ALL DRAFTED MEN TO BE INCAMP BY DECEMBER.A message received here by theBourbon County Exemption Board,Wednesday, was to the effect thatProvost Marshal General Crowderhad forwarded instructions fromWashington to the Adjutant-Generaland military authorities notifyingthem that the remainder of Kentucky's draft army would be orderedto Camp Zachary Taylor by December 1.Seven men who have been formallynotified are now daily watching thebulletin board for an official noticeto report for duty. The remainderof the draft call will comprise quitea large number who had not been expecting such an early call. The callhas been made necessary by thetransfer of large numbers of enlistedmen from Camp Zachary Taylor toCamp Shelby, at Hattiesburg, Miss.,in order to bring regiments up to thethe required army quota.Public Sale-OF-School Houses!HIGH GRADE DRESS GINGHAMS15c a YardLimited to 10 yards to a customer.20 pieces only.94 PEPPEREL BLEACHED SHEETING40C a YardLimited 10 yards to a customer.10 pieces only.No telephone orders accepted for Specials.50 SERGE DRESSESHigh Grade Mostly Navy$15.00 Each' . u-. :37 SILK DRESSESAll Colors Satins$15.00, EachWe conduct our business mutually for our benfit and the accommodation of our customers. Specials will be charged on regular accounts.FRANK C& CO. !., uj,t 1 1 1 1.. i.t t M f-f t nniiiiiiminiareonareIIxiiiFor many years Kress stores have beensetting a new standard of value, untiltoday, in 150 cities, Kress valuesrecognized as a standard basiswhich buyers and sellers alikebuilding selling plans and buying values. The values of tomorrow in Kress' Parisstore will set a standard that will behighly profitable to the buying publicand will bring with the new low pricequotations a standard of value onlypossible through organized buyingeffort.Money back on any purchasedoes not prove satisfactory.that"WATCH KRESSV WINDOWS?BR. PRANKIIN RECEIVES CERTIFICATE OF MEMBERSHIP.Dr. W. R. Franklin, who recentlyopened offices in the Western Union old stand, has just received hiscertificate of memoership in theKentucky Association of Optometrists. This association is affiliatedwith the American Optical Association and is for the purpose of advancing the science of Optometry,and is composed of the leading Optometrists throughout the State.- Tft )5S ISB-4 FIREInsure withW.O.HINTON &SON,Agts. la te teFIRE AT . FAIRFIELD ALMOSTWIPES OUT TOWN.The main husiness section of Fairfield, a town twelve miles fromBardstown. The Maze is believed tohave originated in the Masonic Temple, which was burned to the ground.The McKenna Hotei, two residences,a harness shop, electric light plantand a large general store Wasdestroyed. An explosion damagedten stores and a bank. It is believeda coal oil tank was exploded by theflames. The loss is estimated at $30,000. lta fc isiFire, Wind and Lightninginsurance.Thomas, Woodford & Bryan.FERE IN HOSPITAL.A serious fire in the right wingof the 'Gibson, Hospital, at Richmond,did several thousand dollars worthof damage.,.. Patients were transferred to the left win of -the hwlidinrWe will sell on the premises ateach of the several pieces of propertyto be offered, to the highest bidder,onSATURDAY. NOVEMBER 24. 1917,the following school houses andgrounds, to-wit:At nine a. m. we will offer theschool house and grounds near Jacksonville. This property consists of agood building and about one-halfacre of ground. There is a splendidbored well on the property.Immediately after this sale, atabout ten a. m., the school house andlot in the Hill District will be offered. This property consists of a splendid building that, with very littleexpense, can be changed into a comfortable dwelling. The lot containsabout three-quarters of an acre, witha fine cistern.At eleven a. m. the school houseand lot at Centerville wijl be offered.This Tiouse can be converted into agood dwelling. The lot containsabout one acre of ground.TERMS Made known on day ofsale.MISS MABEL ROBBINS,D. C. LISLE,(9-16-23) Committee.t SSSSETI WANTED! 1You Don't Have toStoopIf You Use aGarlandCabinetRange!Every Automobile OwnerIn Bourbon CountyTo Have the Advantage of OurTIREDEPARTMENTA brautmil-llm-of .Garlan4in 4(fclay. Cm In and lok tham avar.Bring your old tires to us andhave your work done by an expertwho has had years of experiencebuilding tires. Come and see foryourself.Parish AEfccfric Co. IMWe Do Re-Treading andVulcanizing of All KindsC. &BALLGARAGEOw. FMN-tli aJ MoftMMt Stt.with .safety , . .", . .C., -&.,,';. V (laeorporaU)" 1wmmmmmmMmmmmmmmmmmmimm.w -. ,'y: yi r V -$ ' '-!, t. - " ' -v: w Sir':, i: -FRIDAY NOVEMBER 9, 1917.THE BOURBON NEWS, PARIS, KY.page Firmv v ,-V -FOR THE BESTNOTHING ELSETO RECEIVE TURKEYS.We will begin receiving turkeys for theThanksgiving marketSOCIAL AND PERSONAL.ommsfs and Goinsrs of OurPeople Here, There andElsewhere.Mrs. Fay Ardery and childrenare guests of relatives in Covington.Mrs. Wm. Ardtry is a guest of,ner parents, Rev. and I. J. Spencer,iin Lexington.I Mrs. George M. Kiser, of Win-- TH ---. Nov 8.r"cawj1' was a suest Tuesday of relOn I nursaay, I'NOV. P atives and frirniri in v.ia nif-crContinue tO Miss Dorothy Greenbauni has re-Up CO ana i turned to her home in Versailles afand willreceiveincluding Thursday,Nov. 15, This earlydate for closing ismade necessary bythe congested condition of the railroad.C.S. BRENT &BRO--?-WRAPPED PACKAGE SALEThe ladies of the Baptist churchwill have a sale on Saturday, Decemoer 1, of 10-cent wrapped packages,and other articles. Also edibles.Place of sale given later.E is PaCHRISTMAS GIFTS FOR SOLDIERSAt "cantonment or "over there"sewing kits, first and kits, dressingkits, and many other useful gifts tomake the boys happy.J. W. DAVIS & CO.fe fe feBEET SUGAR.Beet sugar at 10 cents the pound(It) C. P. COOK & CO.Ea Ea psBURGLARS AGAIN BUSYBurglars effected an entrance tothe general merchandising store atShawhan, conducted by Mr. JamesCrombie, by breaking out a glassand unfastened a rear door,ransacked the store, takins: a smallsum of money and goods valued at'about $75. No clue.. R3 la Eater a visit to friends in this mtvMr. J. T. Stern, of the PairStore, was in Louisville, Tuesdayand Wednesday on a business trip.Mrs. R. S. Wilson and daughter,Miss Maude, of Paris,' were guests ofrelatives in Winchester, Wednesday.Mr. and Mrs. J. C. Day have asguests their daughter, Mrs. ClarencePlummer and children,, of Chavies,Ky.Mr. and Mrs. Harry Booth, ofLawrenceburg, are guests of Mrs.Booth's parents, Mr. and Mrs. A. J.Fee.Mrs. A. J. Winters and' Mr. andMrs. D. C. Parrish were visitors toMadison county relatives and friendsthis week.Mrs. Katherine Davis Craig wasa guest several days this week ofMr. Bailey D. Berry and family, inLexington.Mr. Wm. H. McMillan andSquire L. J. Fretwell will leave Sunday -for St. Petersburg, Florida, tospend the winter.Dr. J. A. Orr and Dr. Milton J.Stern attended the meeting of theState Medical Association held inLouisville this week.' Mr. John Keith Vansant, ofMontgomery, Alabama, is a guest ofhis parents, Dr. and Mrs. J. T. Vansant, on Pleasant street.Richmond Climax: "H. H.Floyd, formerly connected with thetelephone company here, but now ofOYSTERS SERVED.The members of the Mission Circleof the Christian church will serveoysters, coffee and pies at nooon andat supper, on Saturday, November10, in the room on Main street formerly occupied by Logan Howard'sgrocery. The public is cordially invited. jsa fe BATTEND THE MASS MEETINGNEXT SUNDAY.The citizens of Paris and thecounty are urged to attend the massmeeting to be held at the courthouse next Sunday, November 11, at2:30 p. m. in the interest of theArmy Y. M. C. A. War Work.The meeting will inaugurate thecampaign of the army work of theY. M. C. A. in Bourbon county,which will continue through theweek. The campaign will be con--ductedin co-operation with the national campaign to raise the sum of$35,000,000.Pa la Pa"sal pa PaD. A. R. MEETING.At the meeting of Jemima Johnson.-' U.-.--4--.-. T A X -k v "hoM 4n t"hjua,y.;i , u. .-.. j., v uv- uvm mRed Cross sewing rooms in the courthouse basement to-morrow (Saturday) afternoon the members, afteradjournment of the business session,-! to.: fc -. , tt ! Capt. andS. soldiers "somewhere in Franceand other foreign countries.Pa Pa Pmrnt. I -clc;. 'Paris, spent Sunday here."Mr, and Mrs. Taylor Qhandlerhave moved frOIfi. OuVington to Paris,and have gone to housekeeping in acottage on Fifteenth street.Mr. and Mrs. Frank Skillman,Mrs. J. H. Smith and Mrs. FannieSmith wrere recent guests of Mr. andMrs. E. L. Griggs, in Mt. Sterling.Mrs. Rufus Lisle, of Winchester,was one of the guests at a dinnerparty given Tuesday at the home ofMr. and Mrs. D. C. Lisle, near Paris.Mrs. M. J. McLaughlin and little son have returned to their homein Lexington after a visit to Mr. andMrs. J. Morgan Browne, on Mt. Airyavenue.Mrs. T. F. Roche has as guestsat her home on Pleasant street Mrs.Max Schulte and daughte, who wereformer neighbors of her daughter,Mrs. J. B. Neinaber, in Chattanooga,Tenn.Miss Elizabeth Brown has return from a pleasant visit to MissMary Adams Lincoln, at the home ofher parents, Judge and Mrs. WalterP. Lincoln, in Garvin Place, Louisville. Mr. and Mrs. Wm. Turner, ofnear Paris, had as guests Tuesday,Mr. and Mrs. Thos. I. Davis, MissesMargaret and Pauline Jones andMrs. George M. Kiser, all of Winchester.Mrs. Calla Thomas Nichols washostess Wednesday afternoon to aparty of friends at bridge at herhome on Eighth street. Refreshments were served at the conclusionof the games.Mrs. Charles Winn,formerly of Paris, who are now at Ft.Sill, Okla., where Capt. Winn is stationed in the U. S. army service, willbe guests of Paris relatives duringthe Christmas holidays.. .. i .-. - n i " t -r n n n oatMessrs. Clay Gaitskill, Frank Bucn- . aim . mw. ""ftl'. . ., TT,..Ji.-..J and Mirs Russell Ammerman. haveanan, "f B UW aia , from K&TrisoiL countyBuckner, of Bourbon county, left , where they vigited reiativesTuesday night for Verdun, in Rock-, and attended the dedication ceremocastle county, where they will pre-nies of tne white Oak church.GOING INTO CAMP.pare camp tor tne reception ot iuuBourbon Hunting Club, of whichthey are members.The members of the club spenitwo weeks each fall in camp hunting and fishing, an always have afine time. They will be suppliedwith an abundance of good thingsthat make life in camp enjoyable.pa pa PaBELTED ALL AROUND.Misrhty Dotmlar thissuits and overcoats. The fellows tellus, who have seen them, that wehave the best selection in town ?20,25 and 530.J. W. DAVIS & CO.Pa Pa PaWINTER STRAWBERRIS.Mrs. J. H. Campbell, who resideson the Bethlehem pike, near Paris,recently sent to THE NEWS ofilce asmall box of large delicious strawberries raised by herself and plucked fresh from the vines. The berrieswere sound, firm and as sweet asthose on the market in the late summer. THE NEWS man has also beenthe recipient recently of a- box offine strawberries raised by Mr. Thos.the Bourbon Laundry.Mrs. Carl Crawford, who hadcharge of the tea room at the HotelWindsor, in Paris, under the management of Mr. 0. L. Davis, will leaveSunday for St. Petersburg, Florida,where she will take charge of a largehotel.Mr. Ed. Nippert, who has been aguest of his brother, Mr. Phil Nippert, was recalled to his home in St.Petersburg, Fla., by a telegram telling of the sudden illness of his wife..- HffP 'VMrinoT'f roae fnrmprlv TVfiso fifll-fall in both.""- "" ' .,,lie Horton, of Paris.Mr. and Mrs. Emmett Harris,Mr. C. L. Harris and bride, and MissBessie May Jewell, of Owenton, andMr. and Mrs. A. W. Moore, of Lexington, visited the family of Mr. C. J.Harris, near Paris, Saturday and Sunday, returning to their homes Monday. Mrs. Victor Whitridge has ascepted a position as traveling representative of a Louisville businessfirm. Mrs. Whitridge left yesterdayfor a visit to her son, Mr. RevelleWhitridge, who is in the army training camp there, before entering uponthe duties of her position.Mrs. Ida Snyder and Miss AnnaHutchcraft, representing the ParisRebekah lodge, and Judge E. B.M. Funk, of the Bourbon iaunry. January, president oi me iuuigeuiTi. .. t. !, .,a hnoof fha.t Iia inAA Tyoiinwci' "HYvmp attended thecan have strawberries on his table meeting Wednesday of the State Re-all winter The berries ne sent us.bekah Assemoiy, at jninen-. juugewere as aencious as -- v- &--tion,rather) of man could wish for.1 P PaHOME ON FURLOUGH.January presided at the annual meeting of the Board of Control of theOdd Fellows' Home at Eminence., Danville Messenger: "Messrs.Hugh Ferguson, Edward Prichard,Mr. Jos. Letcher, formerly of Paris, Dousrlas Clay, Joe Davis, of Paris, atand a graduate of the Paris High tended the football game and danceSchool, who is now with the head- Saturday Miss Margaret Ardery,quarters department of the United 1 0f Paris, was the guest of Miss Hen-States Marine Corps, arrived nere rietta Rogers at her nome on MapieTuesday on a thirteen-days' furloughMr. Letcher was in the newspapergame for a while, having been onthe staff of the Lexington Leader,later as sporting writer on the Cincinnati Enquirer, and later in theme capacity on th stff of tlieColuMb , 0., Di-ffttch: .Mr. LetcW- low jiUtione-- fitParis !, South Carolina. In p.rile shootin ofctort tlUre recentlyavenue Friday and Saturday and attended the ball game and the Hallowe'en dances at the New GilcherHotel on Main street Mr. andMrs. Sid Ardery and Miss MargaretArdery, of Paris, spent the week-end-with Danville friends."FRESH DRIED FRUITS.New ghiDment . of "peaches, prunesIm won rjmu8bip mel for and apricotn juut rcetredi "";.-."REBECCA OF SUNNYBR00KFARM" MONDAY. NOV. 12.In direct contrast to her more recent characterizations of powerfuldramatic qualities, Mary Pickford'snext screen portrayal is none otherthan that of the popular little figurein American literature, "Rebecca ofSunnybrook Farm." During the pastyear "Our Mary" has received countless requests for her appearance inthis famous subject and her picturization of quaint little Rebecca is indirect compliance with popular demand. Mary Pickford's presentation of"The Poor Little Rich Girl" will livelong in the hearts of American picture patrons. In this child part thesweet little actress scored one of hervery greatest ' successes and heradaptabilities to such portrayal weregenerally conceded to be her mostnotable accomplishments. However,even greater than "The Poor LittleRich Girl" is "Rebecca," who hasbecome a favorite national character;in fact, a national type establishednot only in this, but in other countries as well. Replete with nativewit of the rural districts and thewholesome charm of untrammeledAmerican girlhood, this story offersMary Pickford a character that it isgenerally felt, will prove the crowning achievement of her wonderfulcareer.At the Alamo and Paris Grand,Monday, Nov. 12.S !3 EOPTOMETRY.ITfvHaving realized that Optometryis a profession of itself which requires study and practice and shouldnot be worked in connection withany other business as a side line, Ihave opened an exclusive optical business, equipping my office with thelatest instruments for the refractionof the eyes. As regards my abilityto properly fit glasses, will say thatI am a graduate of the charteredSchool of Optometry, which teachesnothing but the "Science of Optometry." I also have the best textbooks obtainable. With the pastthree years actively engaged in thisbusiness and the greater part of nineyears in the fitting of glasses, placesme in a position to offer my servicesto the public as qualified to do anykind of work pertaining to this profession. Respectfully,W. R. FRANKLIN,(6-2t) 520 Main Street." pai Pa PaNOTED MOUNTAIN ORATOR ANDPOLITICIAN DEAD.Hon. Fountain Fox Bobbitt, the"Cicero of the Mountains," lawyer,orator, scholar and legislator, died atthe age of seventy-nine 'at the Eastern Kentucky Hospital in Lexington,Friday night, but the fact was notknown locally until Monday night.Mr. Bobbitt represented Lincolncounty, in the Legislature, was oncea candidate for Congress from the oldEighth District, and was in greatdemand as a public speaker at everycelebration or political gathering inthis section of the State. He practiced in all the courts of this section,and because of his flowry oratory,was known as the "Cicero of theMountains." Some time ago his mindbegan to weaken, and he was sent -othe Eastern Kentucky Hospital, atLexington, where he remained untilthe end. He had no near living relatives, and the body was sent to hisformer home in Crab Orchard forburial.Pa Pa PaLIGHTWEIGHT ITALIAN HATSMade by Borsalino and Ferrari inMilan, are the most comfortablehats in the world. Here in manybrand new colors $5 and $6.J. W. DAVIS & CO.Pa Pfi PaSPECIAL FOR ONE WEEK.For one week only we will cleanlarge white fur sets for $1.50, anddark colored furs for $1.00.ELECTRIC DRY CLEANING CO.(5-tf)pa Pa PaSOME BUNCH OF STAMPS!There will be no dearth of threocent stamps in Paris, as a consignment of 300,000 of the new issuehas been received at the local office.Pastmaster Payne is now prepared tomeet all demands for stamps. Thepost card extra postage Is still a handicap, the new cards not having beenreceived yet.i!WflRGOLEN'SSPECIALSFor This WeekBest Round Steakand Loin Steak 9per pound t-'. .CBest Sliced Breakfast Bacon -Aper pound ....... .. IUCBest Head Rice ,-nper pound 1UCRolled Oats oc3 packags for CSpaghetti6 packages for 3vMacaroni oe6 packages for Z5CMflRGOLflSanitary Meat Market'W MTIf Iff, y.EXIf'' ' r& 'GaCKJIM HOf' V I'llA GreatiSpecial SaleOF" WOMEN'SREADY-TO-WEARFor Thursday, Friday and SaturdaySuitsWill offer a number of new smart moldels in Broadcloth, Silvertone and Wool Velour, regular $37.50 and $45.00 values, at$25.00 IDresses of Crepe de Chene, Crepe Metor and Georgette Crepe, reg- $1 Q 7Cular $35.00 values, at tpllf . I OXfcOne group of Serge Dresses, also combinations of Satin and Serge, (Jli 7Ef Zregular $25.00 values, at tpiTr.lD X;(7WillineryAt Greatly Reduced PricesOur buyer has just returnud from New York and we arereceiving daily her purchases of the latest Suits, Coats,Dresses, Waists and Millinery.HARRY SIMONOne Price To All MAINMAIN STREETLEXINGTON, KY.STREETPARIS, KYoAgent For Muns.ng Wear and Warner's Rust Proof Corsets.iiJoin Our McDougallEn . v m i$iWe Have Only a Few Places Left Iand $1.00 Per WeekPuts One In Your Home$1- 1 IBllr:BllStnCW-HBmwSs-Km!e3sh1 Ifeaii,?: , - aij sys - - V - - JAnd you get thebest Kitchen Cabinet made when youget theMcDougallAnd the McDougallis the only .KitchenCabinet made thathas theAUTODISAPPEARINGFRONTmJust a Few Places Left!Join the Club To-day!Tire j -T mfmmmJ r '- "vV t-TX'-k ' . C VMOTOR HEARSE-.?MOTOR INVALID COACttUNOERTAKJNO1v 7.i ,bMt score. I at) ii -f . wvj w.TV1 f--V55.ftFRIDAY, NOVEMBER 9', I917TTHE BOURBON NEWS, PARIS, KY.GOVERNOR AND ADJUTANT NOTON DRAFT BOARD.ffcc Maim&peratim$The Right Medicine in Many CasesDoes Better than the Surgeon'sKnife. Tribute to Lydia E. Pinkham's Vegetable Compound.Doctor Said Operation or Death But Medicine Cured.Des Moines, Iowa. "My husband says I wouldhave been in my grave today had it not been forLydia E. Rnkham's Vegetable Compound. I suffered from a serious female trouble and the doctorssaid I could not live one year without an operation.My husband objected to the operation and had metry Lydia E. Pinkham's- Vegetable Compound. Isoon commenced to get better and am now welland able to do my own housework. I can recommend Lydia E. Pinkham's Vegetable Compound toany woman as a wonderful health restorer." Mrs.Blanche Jeffersox,703 Lyon St., Des Moines, Iowa.Another Operation AvoidedRichmond, lnd. "For two years I was so sick and weak fromfemale troubles that when going up stairs I had to go very slowlywith my hands on the steps, then sit down at the top to rest. Thedoctor said he thought I should have an operation, and my friendsthought I would not live to move into our new bouse, My daughterasked me to try Lydia E. Pinkham's Vegetable Compound as she hadtaken it with good results. I did so, my 'weakness disappeared, Igained in strength, moved into our new home, do all kinds of gardenwork, and raised hundreds of chickens and ducks. I cannot sayII III UsssP v!J 1 1 1 1 1 1In authorizing the Governor andthe Adjutant General to reopen draftcases on application, Provost GeneralGrowder in an order recently issued,stated there was no intention tomake the Governor and the AdjutantGeneral a supplemental board of review. The order permitting theAdjutant General and the Governor toreopen cases has caused any numberof applications to be filed with them.Many of these cases are . instanceswhere men have been accepted andhave no desire to serve. The Governor and the Adjutant General aresupposed to open such cases whereerrors have been made in the construction of the law by exemptionboards or through the ignorance ofthe registrant by which men havebeen accepted who should have been,discharged from service.Jigi q JagIS GERMANY STARVING?A-Mrs.KJenough in praise of Lydia E. Pinkhanrs Vegetable Compound,"-JL. U. Johnston, Koute L, pox iyu, ixicnmona, xnarT Of course there are many Serious cases that only asurgical operation win relieve. vvc ncciy uuiw6vthis, but the above letters, and many others like them,amply prove that many operations are recommended whenmedicine in many cases is all that is needed.If you want special advice write to Iiydia E. Pinkham Medicine Co. (confidential) Lynn, Mass. Your letter will be opened,read and answered ly a woman and held in strict confidence"Wffi-o-Wisp" Hair NetsTare well maiSt of new and stronehuman hall. They rest so lightly on your coiffure that theygive your haira natural lookDainty end Invisible; perfectmate h for all shades of hair;(jjp or Fringe style; 2 for 26cand. up. Look for the littlellu" envelope at your favoritestore. If not In stock ask usfor names of nearest dealers.Hsrtais.cn 3roc, Inc.,S3 Fourth. Ave., N.Dept. 10T. CityCERTAIN CURE POR CROUPMrs. Rose Middleton, of Greenville,111., has had experience in the treatment of this disease. She says,"When my children were small myson had croup frequently. Chamberlain's. Cough Remedy always brokeup -these attacks immediately, and Iwas never without it in the house.I have takeX it myself for coughsand colds with good results.(nov-addv)vous, tired, Worried or despondent it is isure sign you needlf OTT'S NERVERIN1PILLS: They renew the normal vigor anvmake life worth living. . Be sure and ask fo,Mutt's Nerverine PilU JSSSfWILLIAMS MFG. CO . Prop.., Cl.TeUud. OkieUBERDORFER. The Druggist.The real food situation in Germany is the important puzzle of thewar. The United States Food Administration has gotten hold of somefigures on the standard German ration for non-combatants, which seemto indicate that the Teutons are indesperate straits. Figured in calories, the food value of this rationis only 10,500. This is not sufficientnourishment to keep a man of 140pounds from losing weight steadily,even if he does nothing but lie onhis back for twenty-four hours a day.If he has work to do, he will eat uphis fat, and then his muscular tissue,go much the faster. If the figuresreceived by the Food Administrationare correct and are not supplementedby other rations not mentioned, thecivilian population of Germany mustinevitably be weakening fast.te r3 gDOING THEIR DUTYScores of Paris Readers are learn-,ing the Duty of the KidneystTo filter the blood is the kidneys'duty.When they fail to do this the kidneys are weak.Backache and other kidney illsmay follow.Help the kidneys do their work.Use Doan's Kidney Pills the tested kidney remedy.Paris people endorse their worth.Mrs. John Mastin, 1439 Highstreet, Paris, 'says: "I have usedDoan's Kidney Pills with very goodresults and I can tell from the helpthey were to me that they would bebeneficial in other cases of kidneytrouble. I had a dead, dull acheacross the small of my back and mykidneys were irregular in action.Doan's Kidney Pills rid me of thesecomplaints and I have faith enoughin them so that if I should need akidney remedy, I would certainlytake Doan's."Price "50c, at all dealers. Don'tsimply ask for a kidney remedy getDoan's Kidney Pills the same thatMrs. Mastin had. Foster-MilburnCo., Props., Buffalo, N. Y. (adv)INDIANA DISTILLERS TO SAVEPROSTBITTEN CORN.G. W. DAVISFuneral DirectorCorner Fifth and Pleasant Streets, Paris, Ky.Day Phones 137 Night Phones 299 or 999Automobile Ambulance Automobile HearseUndertakingOur Winton-Six Automobile Ambulance with Johnson &Johnson First Aid Equipment and the Lungmotor (recentlysecured by us at great expense) a resuscitating device forthose apparently dead from drowning, gas poisoning, electricshock, collapse from anaesthasia, etc., always ready for service. DAY OR NIGHT. Phone us immediately when anaccident occurs. 'Indiana distilleries will be set inmotion to save 50,000,000 bushels offrostbitten corn now standing practically worthless on farms throughoutthe State, according to members, of acommittee who have just returnedfrom conference with Federal FoodAdministrator Herbert Hoover andthe Council of National Defense.The committe was composed ofdistillers and corn growers of Indiana. The members say the plan ofutilizing the corn has been approvedand the corn will be manufacturedinto alcohol.Fa mii "BBSFBBSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSmVi , i "' WL1 It Saves GasThe economy alone of thisDETROIT JEWEL"SPECIAL"GAS RANGE:Makesit unusuallysirable. -de-Better baking, greater conveniences, extreme cleanlinessand durability make it unbetterable at any price.On Sale This Week at Only $40.00A Special Representative From the Factory Will BeHere October 29, 30, 31.$100 REWARD $100The readers of this paper will bepleased to learn that there is at leastone dread disease that science hasbeen able to cure in all its stages andthat is catarrh. Catarrh being greatly influenced by constitutional conditions requires constitutional treatment. Hall's Catarrh Medicine Istaken internally and acts throughthe blood on the Mucous Surfaces ofthe System thereby destroying thefoundation of the disease, giving thepatient strength by .building up theconstitution and assisting nature indoing its work. The proprietors haveso much faith in the curative powersof Hall's Catarrh Medicine that theyoffer One Hundred Dollars for anycase that it fails to cure. Send forlist of testimonials.Address F. J. CHENEY & CO.,Toledo, Ohio. Sold by all Druggists,75 cents..X nov-addv)IS 5S ISBUY AT HOME.t. w. SPieERMain Street, Opposite Court Housetorn PHONESHvXi, t $In recent years the people havefallen into a custom of waiting untilcold or hot weather to buy their newclothing and outfits. It is not oftenthat suits are bought many weeks,before actually needed. This beingthe case, and the cold weather late inarriving, business with the merchants was. for a few weeks a littledull. However, for the past twoweeks there has been a wonderfulnicking up and Paris stores are allcrowded.The people of Central Kentuckyhave long since learned that they cando as well or better shopping in Paristhan in Lexington, Louisville or Cincinnati, consequently they come hereand get what-they want and at remarkably Iqw prices. The local merchants are well pleased with businessso far this season". They have im?mease stocks to tle from. -I '"""- $745 If , - ' F, O. B. DETROIT Mm. '-v ... ... -- m1 .-,f.-.CIcuLStraight and sure like an arrow that fliesfrom the bow and imbeds itself in the buiPseye So have the Maxwell builders fixed a pricefor their product $745 which makes it possible for them to say; ."Below ttite figure there must bfc something lacking which we have put into the Maxwell efficiency, durability, economy, comfort, beauty or standard equipment.and above this, figure we could, give youno greater practical utility only larger size orricher and fancier furnishings."This is the scientific fact proved and demonstrated by one of the giants of the motorcar industry in year, of production on animmense scale.''', And; we stand firm on this finding of theMaxwell builders.We believe the Maxwell to be the BESTMOTOR CAR INVESTMENT possible today.kf3?b-A. V. DOUGLASHigh; St.,Near Eighth Paris, Kentucky,Wiimmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmimmmmmmmmmammi-,-.REAL ECONOMYMeans Buy Your Winter Supplyof Necessary Clothing- Now.. When the time comes for us to replenish our stockprices will be greatly advanced. Present fprices onMen's and Boys' Suits, Overcoats, Underwear, Shoes,Etc., are very reasonable at our store.LET US HELP YOU SAVE !Twin Bros. Clothing and Shoe Dept.we Give and Redeem Blue Trading Stamps619 Main Street, Paris, Ky.Because the Aurora (111.) citycouncil did not increase the pay ofPolicewoman Ann Forsythe she quit.1QMMThe deaths from accidents in theUnited States aggregate 35,000 per'year.ttsctiufjrrComfit "&!irinrvm H iH A EPlLBPI- AWB H VsytttluU.SKeep It;,Handy.Ward'.off, attacks of grip,colds aninmgetion,by,timeIyraedictioii-witH the thoroughly tested and reliable remedy of the American household', AjPERUNAIt's better to hn safrrthsiv mmrlf.nva Irm an If nf.Kit'rAalnrf - -UhthvBbeea prevented 'if thk'pwiten! aau own iNorna 10 in t&e antaarlVitt value.- , H A W fcwsslit?mimMOioiEmis;rW'J' '- v.lVlr-J$ ;, BHihI ' - r in i "" " ' f- i t - - r .iT, " y - . ,, - -- ; "" . j. : t ,. v vEVERY INCH IN THE OIL SANDSMeans One Cent Rise in Stock!- - - -VIv...THEMID-WESTLIBERTYOIL CO. Inc"JW. C. BELL, PresidentWATCH THE CLOCK - - - -r l Vff "WA'tH &TW SOAR" I9SN00Were You Ever Offered the OPPORTUNITYto Invest Your Money with MoreRepresentative Men?S. E. Kerr, Ex-County Clerk, Taylor County, Campbellsviil, Ky.W. C. Bell, Farmer, Paris, Ky.Wilmoth Bros., Grocers, Paris, Ky.Thomas Wilmoth, B. & 0. R. R., Paris, Ky.Joseph Lippman, Ex-U. S. Dist. Attorney, Salt Lake City, UtahJohn M. Hays, Asst. Sec'y Utah Copper Co., Salt Lake City, UtahHarry S. Joseph, Mining Engineer, Ex-Speaker Utah House ofRepresentatives, Salt Lake City, UtahD. L. Wertheimer, Gen'l Manager, Kahn Bros. Grocery Co., SaltLake City, UtahS. S. Pond, Mine Operator, Salt Lake City, UtahHarold Peery, President Preston Milling Co;, Preston, IdahoWith these men and other satisfied stockholders, you may"be sure that everything connected 'frith thisCompany will he open and honorable, aggressive and strong your interests and everyhody else's will he fullyprotected. (That is the big 'thing to know when you go into any oil or other investment proposition.)Now is the time to send in that order for the stock at the price as will he indicated hy the dial as theeagle soars so will the stock, as the oil sands are penetrated.Taylor county is destined, unless all signs fail, to be one of the banner OIL AND GAS counties of theState of Kentucky. WILLIAM CLEMENT LEONARD, well-known Geologist and Efficiency Expert of 3536Broadway, N. Y., has passed an opinion favorably.DRILLS ON THE GROUND AT vGeo. Van Dyke's Farm, NearMannsville, KentuckySEE IT WORKTHE MID-WEST LIBERTY OIL COMPANY owning a large acreage OIL and GAS Leases in Taylorand other counties, 900 acres Walnut Field, Kansas, 350 acres within cne-cmarter mile of large productionin that field, and incorporated under the laws of Kentucky, under the direction of JUDGE DUNDON, GeneralCounsel of Paris, Ky., has ONE MILLION SHARES (1,000,000) of whichTHREE HUNDRED THOUSAND SHARESwere subscribed to and paid by the above named gentlemen, and has SEVEN HUNDRED THOUSAND SHARESof TREASURY STOCK to be used for development purposes.This is a straight forward business proposition, and all money secured through sale of stock will be usedfor development purposes of the above-named property, and any others we may secure.Liberty Bonds, Good As GoldMail or bring your certificate or receipt, or order on your Bank for your LIBERTY BOND and a certifiicate of the MID-WEST LIBERTY OIL CO. STOCK at fifteen cents (15c) per share NOW, will be immediately mailed you for the amount of your bond.(Tear off here and mail after filling out this blank.)TO S(E. KERR, Campbellsville, KY.I hereby Subscribe for shares of the Capital Stock of THE MID-WEST LIBERTY OILCO., a corporation of Kentucky, for which I enclose $ in full payment thereof, atFIFTEEN CENTS (15c) per share. T2NameOccupationStreet or R. F. D , .-...., BoxTown State. vTHEMID-WESTLIBERTYOIL CO. Inc.M -fTH0S. WILMOTH, Secretary and Treasurerr1U 'v:"$ vrF "., . - - - -wHjr-a " fl',rte -wfi.W-vt-"' ??--The J. T. Hinton Co.UNDERTAKERSAND EMBALMMRS-and SixthStreetsMotor equipment.Ambulance calls promptly attended to with ourLimousine Invalid Coach.Hearse used for funeral purposes only.ajfrfr''fr M"M"'.MILLERSBURG"Mr. J. R. Xong continues aboutie same.31rs. Belle "Taylor continues toirovr Aveaker.Mrs. R. M. Caldwell, who hascen among the sick, is able to bejut again.The first number of the LyceumCourse to Te given for the benefit ofCSav Red Cross will be Charles R.TAaart, musical humorist, on Nov.14, at the M. C. Auditorium.Mrs. Ada Miller left Tuesday for-itTie bedside of her son, Mr. Clarencesillier, at Cynthiana, who is critically 111. Miss Margarette B. Clarkealso visited Mr. Miller, Tuesday.Mrs. Martin, a returned missionary from Brazil, delivered an interesting address at the Presbyterianchurch Wednesday evening on Bra-:zfl-She was greeted by a good audience. Mrs. Minnie C. Hurst left Wednesday for a visit to her daughter,3Irs. T. K. Smith, at Paris, after-arhlch. she will go to her mother,3Crs. Edward Cochran, at Elizaville,-for a, protracted visit.At a meeting of the directors of-he Farmers Bank, last Saturday af--ternoon,Mr. J. H. Burroughs waslaade assistant cashier. This wasnecessary on account of the increasedbusiness of the bank in the past few-anonths. An appointment will bezmade before the first of January toTHEBeautiful - Gulf - Coast !Biioxi and OceanTf you would revel among the most""beautiful of shade trees, the mon-archs of the South, the live oaks, goto -Ocean Springs, Mississippi. Drink'from its mineral springs and enjoyi&e ozone from the stretch of shell"raaa along the sound.'Live simply among its plain but"hospitable small hotels or privatelioarding houses; you will never for-et the view of the Gulf you haveTiad, or the rejuvenating atmosphere"ihat you have enjoyed during your'Stay."SBHoxi might be called the Rivieraol the Gulf Coast. It was settled byIberville in 1699. It was part of the. 3LmKsi3.na possessions and was theIrrst colony -planted by the French in.the South.Yes, it is true that you will find"there the old civilization and the-new. Truthfully we may also say-that it is one of the most restfulcand charming resorts on the NorthAmerican continent.We have found it most delightful-5ost following the Christmas holiiiays in mid-winter; but it is also- most agreeable in the summer-time,- as-the "breezes from the Gulf of Mex-- icd'fanthe shore at some time each-cday.-Many 'legends have been centered- :at Biioxi, which doubtless had theirorigin from the time of the Indianta later civilization. A grand oH- -oak, -with gnarled and twistedYbxxzicns and hanging moss, standsin the churchyard of the picturesque' Church of "the Redeemer it has been- Xhe basis X3f-many a legend and verseHow beautiful are those homes- "along- the beach Where nature hasT been-imdisturbed. Beyond the narrowfiiresis of Old Biioxi one can skirt,'agSin the shell road, pass the"Ihome for guests" and the lightJlronse, and be a welcome guest also-atrrae or more of the beautiful privcaLte villas lined along the shell road.Several of these have their own private piers with boat-Hiouse or bathing-houseat the end of the pier, wayout on the water. Boating, bathingAnd fishing arc recreations that be-iOWISVILLE .& NASHVILLE RAILROAD"Day phone 36or Home 286' fill the place of Mr. Burroughs as, teller.i The M. M. I. football elevenmade a trip to Mt. Sterling, Monday,and met defeat by the team of the Mt.'Sterling High .School by a score of 7to 0. A large crowd witnessed thestruggle on the gridiron field. TheM. M. I. team outweighed the Mt.Sterling boys, but the latter put upthe classiest game and Avon out.J There will be a mass-meeting1 of the citizens of Millersburg atthe M. M. I. auditorium on Sundayevening at 7:00 o'clock in the interest of the Army Y. M. C. A. cam-( paign, which begins Monday. Several noted speakers will be present,and talks will be made by severalyoung men from the army camp atCamp Zachary Taylor. A musicalprogram will also be rendered. Let; everybody come.1 Mr. E. W. Ammerman and family moved Thursday from rooms inthe Best Flat to their farm recentlypurchased near Lebanon. Mr. Ammerman and family came to our community a number of years ago fromCynthiana, purchasing the farm ofthe heirs of the late Mr. Zed Layson. They resided on this farm forseveral years, Mr. Ammerman thenselling it to Mr. Knox, after whichthe family moved to town. He thenformed a partnership with Mr. D. E.Clarke, handling coal, salt, shipstuff and farming implements. Mr.Ammerman, feeling that there wasnot business enough for his entiretime, began some months ago prospecting, going to several places, looking for a location. Some weeks agoSprings, Mississippi.long to the out-of-door life in Biioxinearly all the year round.Biioxi is not wholly dependentupon tourists. It has an all-the-year-roundpopulation. A TouristClub is sustained during the wintermonths from a colony largely of Middle States, Northern people who center there yearly from mid-winter toearly spring. Never has the writerseen more glorious sunsets or morebeautiful moonlights. What morefascinating than the silvery sheen inthe wake of a white sailboat as shesilently glides along. Her hold maybe filled with oysters which she maybe carrying to be unloaded at someoyster house a mile or so around thebend of the, bay; or it may be thatwith Shrimp from deeper watersshe is laden. If you happen to bethere next morning, where the boatis being unloaded you will find it aprocess worth seeing. Inside of along building all is activity men,women and children are employed bythe hundreds in opening the oystershells. The oysters are first droppedinto tubs of water and the last process is when they are placed in caseswhich are sealed and neatly labeledand then are ready for the market.There are homes for the workersand their families who live near theplants or oyster factories. There isalso a settlement house not faraway with beautiful trees about it,with kindergarten, and playgroundsfor the children, who are thus caredfor while their mothers are at workat the oyster houses. The season isshort and consequently the earningsare for only a short time of the year.Again and again from the coldrigid winters- of the north we shallseek the shore of beautiful Biioxiand perhaps now and' then for arespite in the summer, too.-So when you made up your routefor trips South henceforth, we adviseyou by all means to include Biioxior Ocean Springs. Carlyle Porter.These are two of the" popular and !attractive resorts on the beautifulGulf Coast and reached by the mod-'em steel passenger--trains of the Ihe went io Lebanon, where he purchased the-farm he has now movedto. fAt the meeting .of the ExecutiveBoard of the Red Cross, on Mondayevening, the contributing of tobaccoby the farmers was discussed. Thefarmers of the community will beasked to donate ten pounds of lugsor bright leaf on or before December10, the same to be delivered at theoffice of the Millersburg Coal andLumber Co. The entire proceedswill go to the local Chapter. Thefollowing men were appointed tosolicit for , this donation: A. T.Maffett, J.'C. Leer, D. E. Clarke, M.D. Hurst and W. F. Sanders. Thestoreroom recently vacated by T. D.Judy & Son will be used for thework room by the local Chapter.The ladies would appreciate the useof several sewing machines for thisroom. The next work" will be themaking of one hundred and fifty bedshirts and one hundred and fifty pajamas. The box of hospital suppliesand the box of knitting were sent toCleveland this week. The first boxcontained ten dozen sheets andtwelve pillow cases. The box of knitting contained fifty-two scarfs, fourteen sweaters,' twelve pairs of socks,twelve pairs wristlets and two helmets. A new supply of yarn will beordered. After a week or ten days itcan be obtained by calling at Mrs.Mattie Purnell's.fa Ks laDEATHS.SMITH.Mrs. T. Rice Smith, a native ofBourbon county, died Sunday at herhome in Jacksonville, Illinois, after along illness. The funeral and burialtook place in Jacksonville; Tuesday.Mrs. Smith was born and raised inMillersburg, where, as Miss AlzoraSanders, she was wooed and won byMr. Smith. Since her husband'sdeath she had been making her homewith an adopted daughter in Jacksonville. Mrs. Smith is survived byone sister, Mrs. Mattie VanDeren, ofCynthiana, and one brother, Eld.Alex Sanders, of Jackson, formerlyof Paris.BYRON.The funeral of Mrs. Bessie Carter Byron, who died in Indianapolis,Tuesday morning, after a short illness, was held yesterday morning at10:30 o'clock, at the home of herbrother, Mr. Ollie P. Carter, inThornton Division. Services wereconducted by Rev. W. E. Ellis, pastor of the Paris Christian church.The burial followed on the family lotin the Paris Cemetery. The pallbearers were Albert Hinton, LeerStout, Ellis Hukill, Joe Varden,Bruce Miller and Rudolph Davis.Mrs. Byron was a daughter of Mr.O. P. Carter, Sr., of Paris, and wasthe youngest member of a family ofseveral children. Besides her father,she is survived by one son and onedaughter, and one niece, Miss LillianNaylor, all of Indianapolis, and onebrother, Mr. O. P. Carter, Jr., ofParis. She was a niece of Mayor J.T. Hinton, of Paris. ,Mrs. Byron's son, daughter andniece accompanied the body fromIndianapolis.tea IS l3MATRIMONIAL.GILMORE McHUGH.The marriage of Miss Mary Gilmore, of Millersburg. ' to Mr. JamesBurke McHugh, of Mayslick, Masoncounty, will be solemnized at theParis Catholic church, on the morning of Monday, November 12. Rev.Father Eugene DeBruyn will officiate. The groom is an adopted son of Mr.and Mrs. Michael Burke, of Mayslick, of whose family he was a member until the death of Mr. and Mrs.Burke some few years ago. MissGilmore is well known in Millersburg and Mn Paris, and is an attractive voung woman. ,After the ceremony the couple willleave for a short bridal trip, andupon their return will reside on thefarm of the groom near Mayslick.SAUNDERS LEE.The marriage of Miss EldivaDenton Saunders, formerly. of Millersburg, to Mr. Lucien Parker Lee,of Flemingsburg, was a pretty eventof Wednesday, solemnized at thehome of the bride's parents, Mr.and Mrs. U. S. Saunders, in Lexington, Rev. Granville E. Cameron officiated. Mrs. Robert M. Johnson, of Millersburir. was matron of honor; MissMona Saunders, of Flemingsburg.maid of honor: Mr. Woodson Lee, ofJenkins. Ky., brother of the groom,was best man. and little Joe MackeyGrimes, of Millersburg, the ringbearer. The wedding music wasnlayed by Prof. Bruce Heynolds, violin, and Miss Kesheimer, at thepiano.A wedding reception followed theceremony, at which Mr. and Mrs.Saunders were assisted by Mrs. AlexMiller, of Millersburg. and Mrs.Claude Saunders, of Flemingsburg.Bright toasts were drunk to thehealth and happiness of the popularcouple. At the close of the receptionMr. and Mrs. Lee left for an extendedbridal trip to the East. Upon theirreturn they will make their home atJenkins, Kv.. where Mr. Lee holds aposition with the Consolidated CoalCompany.'-1 fa fe 'BOURBON FARM SOLD.Tr. Wm. H. Mann sold this weekn Ur. w. S. "Deerin, of the countjhis farm of thirty-ive acres locatedon the Stone pike, near Little Rock,for a nrice not given for miblicaton. The sale was made throughth Paris Realty Co. Mr. Deeringwill get possession of the property,which he botfglit as" aff investment,on March 1.STOCKWCROP, ETC.Caywood & McClintock, Monday,sold a carload of 25 mules to Georgiabuyers.John Marr, of Bourbon County,bought 3 pair of extra nice two-year-oldmules at Flemingsburg.Kelly Haley, of Bourbon county,paid $10 per hundred pounds to JohnMarr for 23 head of fancy 1,000pound steers.R. H. Wills, of Paris, shipped 25head of horses arid mules to SouthCarolina. Mr. Wills bought the stockJ at prices ranging from $115 to $150each.Announcement was made Monday night that Monday, December 3,had been set as the date for theopening of the Lexington tobaccomarket.E. F. Spears & Son, of Paris,bought from John H. Marr, of Bourbon county, an extra fancy pair ofgray four-year-old work mules, at along price.Nuchols & Portwood, of Woodford County, sold to a Lexingtonfirm their crop of navy beans containing 220 bushels, for which theyreceived the -fancy price of $8.25 abushel.The Arizona Food Administrator Ihas received reports of the death ofseveral thousand sheep, through whatit said to be malicious poisoning, inNavajo county. Several of thestomachs have been sent to the Agricultural Department at Washington for analysis.fe 3 feTO TAX PAYERSTax receipts of thecity for 1917 are nowin the hands of CityCollector ClarenceThomas, at the Peoples Deposit Bank.Call and pay themnow.J. T: HINTOIN,(auglO-tf) Mayor.- 3 t3 !5L'CRISIS IS REACHED BY GERMANY IN MAN POWER.Cable reports reaching Washingtonfrom Switzerland say Germany hasreached the crisis so far as her manpower is concerned. For three years,according to these dispatches, Germany has lost on an average of 1,200,000 men annually, and this number will at least be equalled in 1913.It is contended that to continue thewar, on the same scale for anotheryear the Germans must have at theircommand a reseive of at least twomillion men, whereas they actuallywill have a reserve of only one andone-half million, including youths ofthe class of 1920.1 Kas. Jfc1 ' Jw.Buv Your Fall and WinterGreatest purchases everjnade by one concern brings you 3most opportune values. Every member of the family can 2be shod correctly at a great saving. 2Every Item Represents a Saving of One-Half I ISee thes new, stylish shoes, compare the quality and 5you will wonder at the low prices prevailing prices heeJust a Few of the Many BargainsLadies' Black Kid High Cut Boots, Louis or mediumheel, $5.00 value .m $3.95Ladies' Havana Brown En2lish Boots$7.00 values $5.50 and $4,95Ladies' Black English Boots, $4.00 values $2.99Ladies' Gun Metal English Boots $2.49Men's High Grade Russ. Tan9:AisssssHBjjjsiSJBSBoys' Misses' and Children's High::Paris' Greatest Shoe StorecSf PISFRIDAYBessie Barriscale in"Haters of Men"Triangle K. B. comedydrama.Popular Players inaDad's Downfall"Triangle comedy.Pathe WeeklyNo. 85.NewsORCHESTRA OF FOUR PIECES!PRICESAt the Alamo Children 6c, adults 17c.At the Paris Grand Children 6c, adults 17c.Colored persons, children 6c, adults lie.Alamo 2 to 5:30; Paris Grand 7 to 10:30Keep Your Kodak Busy!"The Army lives on letters' ' is the way the boys atfront put it. And when those longed-for envelopes withthe home town postmark contain pictures of the homefolks and home doings they go far toward making lighterhearts and happier faces.Keep your Kodak busy for the sake of the lads in thetrenches, the boys in camp and on shipboard. Help keeptight the bonds between the home and those who arefighting for that home.DAUGHERTY BROS.FIFTH AND MAIN STS.:I!!NOWIS THETIMEEnglish Shoes $4.00Men's Gun MetalShoes, buttonand lace $2.99Men's Tan WorkShoes $2.49Men's Gun MetalShoes $1.99DAN COHENGRAND AND 110SATURDAYWm. Duncan and Carol Hallowayin Vitagraph Blue Ribbon feature"DEAD-SHOT BAKEB."Same characters as in "FightingTrail." Also one of those real BigV comedies, "Risks and Roughnecks."MONDAY.Mary Pickford in the new aircraftproduction,"Rebecca of Sunnvbrook Earm"By Kate Douglas Wiggin and Charlotte Thompson. Adapted to thescreen by Frances Marion and staged under the direction of. MarshallNeilan. Also FATTY ARBUCKLBin Paramount comedy, "The RoughHouse."mShoes Nowi:Quality Shoes !JJii tun m uUbtM.s'f 11II J IIWhere Beautyjan Economy Reiga1?mm8wiiimimumii-" . -VAJ, f' ,wIV .-"-" -irlS Ax. itidi&z!LuJEli.&aiAi&i.J4,1 t