J f- ... . . - - - VTHEr""'t.- - Vf-NEWStPUBLISHED EVERY TUESDAY AND FRIDAY IN THE YEARi.VOLUME XXXVIIPARIS, BOURBON COUNTY, KENTUCKY, FRIDAY, NOVEMBER 23, 1917BOURBONSIS ff6ffi";,IOBA0C oJMk S0N TBRITISH WIN GREAT;VICTORY.Tue great Hindenberg defenseline upon which the German com-'fun TTfbacc Warehouse andSnde'in-chief had Duilded hteJSof holding the British from Mg display "5VS5St? ffAinroads into the open territory be-.NEWS that they will be ready forrond, has been smashed. And the business on Tuesday, December 4.task apparently was an easy one. ! . The order of sale has not yet beenAttacking over a front of 32 , decided upon, but this will be an-iles, extending from the Scarpe 'nounc later. Competent men?Wtfft&STins made one of the most rapid and .spectacular drives in the onslaught, '...: mimnrnnc nncifinnncaptunnnumerous positions,which ere regarded as . impregna-!,.i- o,, tn-L-irxr in nrMitfon , 'hie and taking in addition thous-'andb of prisoners and numerousA ,i" - r fi v,o; ,.iur apcA wi. tUt yuoirc nyyaiently i? centered on the importantlaihoad juncture of Cambrai, lying1 X 1? - 1 2 !-to uie east or tne om nne miawaybetween Arras and St. Quentin.IHere, having taken the towns ofI" .,. .- x aVovelles? the victorious troops at!last year 35 000 pounds sold for aniof George Alexander, claimed thatI " nmmh were well withinmm ! average of $13.85. the interest of Alexander in thelast accounts were well withm gun Manae-ers .Tnhn T. r.niiinc, nf th Tiwi. nnv r- n,ma w o,:-an?e of Cambrai, with its railroad ,Imp and roadway branching out to-, 1 , 1 X Xward all the main points of the .state that there have been severalcompass. j crops of tobacco sold lately, butThe British drive was begun that most of the farmers are await--vwthoutthe usual artillery prelude, ing the opening of the market, atand as the tank and infantrymen ' Jt looks as if - the price will bemade their way through wire en- llilier ad of lower.,im.fe od ,rec0fl , rior. ' Several Bourbon county growersia.aiciiit.xii. 1, . , 'man first positions, the surprised ,enemy began sending up myriads ofsignal rocKets caning lor assistance, j"Whether aid was rushed up is not (definitely known, but seemingly thei. x Isurprised Germans fled in disorder, ,leading all kinds of equipment be-hind, and in most cases did not even , tlie e made by Bourr countytake time, as usual, to apply the n was that of 11000 poundSFtorch to villages they evacuated. ! bought by Mr. Frank P. White, ofAn indication that the German ( Paris, from Mr. Mark Whalen, offorfeited line has been passed by Scott county. Mr. White paid twenifce British at some points is the en- j t'y-five cents a pound straight fortry of the cavalry into the fray, j the crop.Not since the famous retreat of the ( a ta feGermans along the Ancre and theSomme in the spring of the presentear have the horsemen been engaged. At that time they perform-ed valiant service in harrassing theretreating columns and in roundingup prisoners.3 IS E2CONCERT BY ORPHANS FROM I.' I. 0. 0. P. HOME.. 7 nnn. - --. Jloving, people Of ParisThe musicjiii oe given nume " "iljing customers to overcheck their acWednesday night, November 28, J c0Jntsunen the Boys' Band and the Girls' , nQ choice in the matterOrchestra from the Odd Fellows , must foMow implicitly our inHome, at Lexington will give a.structions from the Treasury Deconcert at the courc house, at eight partment and have this day notified,CrSS.ck'-D T3n f twntv five ' the cashier not to honor in the fuThe Boys' Band of twenty-five payment of checks drawnpieces under the direction of Prof., custonrs who overdraw theirEllis O. Kidd, has played in Pariol -on numerous occasions, and is weIljUA'uu w w HALEyand favorably known as a musical c 'c qLark 'organization of great merit. Thisj H POWERband ill play a program of popu- M' JACOBYlar and classic music, and from j'T LEACH 'past permormances, their program B j' burris'treat on .will be a most excenent one., ,The Girls' Orchestra comprisesfourteen members, each one an ar-jtist in her line, will present amixed program of vocal and instru-jmental selections ana recitations. (The whole program will furnisnabout two hours of excellent enter-tainment, the program being ?ne ,that both old and young can enjoy.An admission fee of twenty-fivecents will be charged, the proceeds ,to be devoted to the interest of theI. O.i O. F. Home at Lexingtonta 153 IdOFFICERS .TO .AID U, JL IN MAX-ING AIRCRAFT.mi, t A- -&ny fllnl-kP nrints,-,;,xr r?T, f.nrd -NTnrrneliffe. Im Kvliicli he says he will return to 'the United States &s head of theBiitish mission, after the allied con-ferences and a trip to the variousfronts. If the British government.w;, i,Q w,niri Awnfe much ofhis time to the question of aircraft !production in the United States, hesaid, adding: j"My great iear is tnat uie Aiuei- aiuven.ican output will exceed the Tpossi-; Thomas Dillon purchased of Elbilities of training officers and me- mer Boardman and Chas. Walls onechanics. Americans are wining wt 'make any type of eagine we ask, inaddition to their own Liberty engines."BACK FROM REELF00TCol. Harvey Chenault has return- jcd from a delightful hunting triplast week at Reelfoot Lake with tState Fish and Game Commissioner'J. Qunicy Ward, and his brother, J.- - . . T- Iuunu ill unc ouuiuuwvi-iu !?-- -Kentucky and is famed for its duckhunting as well"as " fishing. Hunting parties are all the rage aroundthere just now,. Quite a 'number oflocal sportsmen are going up intothe mountain "counties on the lookout for the elusive quail. Richmond Climax.IS IS EnSURGICAL CLASS REALIZES $105FROM SALE.The sale of edibles, etc., held inrbtx Qtam ctrrerrsmn adioining the,Miller Ward, tne wen Known uui . juries Tuesday when the horse theyman of Paris. Reelfoot Lake isay!ere driving became frightened atStout Cafe, on last Saturday, real-1 while driving to her home in a bugized the neat sum of $105, which gy- Miss Tarr was thrown out when"Rill be used for the benefit of the the horse took fright and ran away,surgical dressing department of the she sustained a fractured bone ofBourbon County Red Cross Chapter. her right leg, and other injuries.The managers of the two localhose leaf tobacco whous, theas we are ormfirfpnt mf oa ,'prices will prevail here as at anyiTiirirof in t"ho TTifd o-market in the United States.. Read the advertisements in thisi"5ue of THE NEWS and vou willue or ltUii JNJjjWb ana you will' earn ?at thes.e houses propose tojd0 on the opening day of the sale,I The first sale of the season injventucky this year was held at payment of these notes was an ad-Vine Grove. where 70 000 JLp ftf tllt ,!! 7L t.' - -' " isold over the floor of the warehouse '. ,tnere at an average of $30, 000.The phenomenal price of $85.00.j. . i . ....was Paid for one basket. At the 'first dav's snle n iiat warohnlnurhnn TTmiQe nnd m,o'vioc n- .V., .V VUUXXU V.Clarke, of the Independent House.who were interviwed by THENEWS were of the opinion that theprices realized for tobacco this sea-'. ... - .. .son, and especially, for tne Highergrades, will be much higher, andthat they expect ,to hold their cropsuntil the opening of the Paris market.I A wxAnn n t 1 r r t- TMlvAhnenp f rx"iLrtrJr twASwTMITTING OVERCHECKING.In a recent decision of the Federalr . .. wn ld that NationalBanks in permitting depositors tooercheck were guilty of a misapplication of the funds of the bank.The Controller of the Currencyactins: under the decision has re-j quired a promise in writing from thedirectors of this bank to discontinuefllf T.rnntiVe nf allow-J in the future the practice of allow-n.fAtnrB P!rst National Bank ofParis, Kentucky.(adv). Ts te ?RREAL ESTATE DEALS.AVv T "NT TTnrnhaelr snld to Mr.Reynolds Letton, 115 acres of landlocated on the Paris and Jackstown,. ..j:,,,,, v.0 T.ottnn home' f ?160 acrGj a total ofM T.ettnn will takeMr. Lettonpossession in March.Wm. II. Whaley purchasedof:amesH Haggard of Paris his170-acre faim located on the Pansand Clintonville pike, near Clinton-ille, for about $115 per acre, poss-ession to be given in March. Mr.Haggard bought the farm from Mr.Whaley three years ago, and hasgreatly improved it sinceB. T. Mattox purchased of J. W.Larkin, a tract of land locatednear Old Union, containing eightyacres, at a private price. Mr. Mat-.tox recently sold nis larm on ui,jJackstown pike, near Paris, to Jas..jjiunorea auiet ui luc""i-v'"( t fin. n . 1 . ?Ofi nnr QTiinear Little Rock, forper acre,the purchaser to take possession mMarch. Mr. Walls purchased nineacres of the Horton farm, adjoininghis place for $2,500.ib la laTWO INJURED IN ACCIDENTMr and Mrs. Tilden Shrout had Jnarrow escape from serious in- SX Xltll 1 U Nwyww --the corner of Mam ana reninstreets, and ran away. J. Tii ii. x.x xt,- r,nlCA turn. Wed west, running the buggy on thesidewalk at the corner, and acrossthe street, striking against the curb.The top of the vehicle was torncompletely off. Mr. and Mrs. Shroutwere both thrown out, but were notseriously hurt. 'The twelve-year-old daughter ofMr. and Mrs. Layson Tarr, of nearMillersburer. was taken Tuesday inthe Davis ambulance to the GoodcnTrmrltn.Ti Hosnital. in LexingtonALEX?E4?.ISOESTO AGAIN BENEFIT.A decision of much importance tothf depositors 'of Te eCTSJ?Alexander & Co., State Bank, in? ' 1 ?"!?Sbert L. Stout, Wedn Log bytSterms of which they wmagkin par-. ticipate in benefits.At the tinfe of the failure of theAlexander Bank, George Alexanderowned a seven-twentienth interestgorSTTSa 8525- -d - the anl of-o. nw n -u'dorsed notes to the amount of $2 -joaa x- -i . ., .. .. 'ij1"COO to George Alexander personally,and after the bank had failed andAlexander had made an n.i.mmonFAlexander had made an assignmentto Wm. 0. Hinton, the Power Gro-eery Co. paid the notes, and pre-sented a claim to the effect that the- -w -" .. v. ."um-j t,vGeore-e Alexander, and claimed aii,jlien on Alexander's interest in the- j - . .grocery company as their means ofIt. -"reinbursementivr xiTm n rrif , o,DimMM r. ;t, i.iQfif e Ai.nncctcmaa -Frr. Vo Vonofi of Alovon.der's creditors. The bank directors f reatest. educational and industrialclaimed that the interest in the faJ,mf theC0UIt.rygrocery company belonged to the . With the throttling of the magbank and should pass to the State aziIV:s .by ? law'! ne 1reslutlnBanking Commissioner for the bene- continues. the industrial benefitfit of the creditors. The State Bank- ,f th manufacturing interests,ing Commissioner agreed with Mr. , through the advertising and sellingHinton, the assignee. opportunities will also be disas-ti1q ani'cinn r.f fho Cnnr tooo trousiy aitectea.that the interest of George Alexan-der in the Power Grocey Co. passedj to the assignees for the benefit of. -. .his creditors, and fixed the value ofif jnt0rDCf of nhnt $9finnn Thplesult of this decision wilf be thatthe depositors will receive ninetyper cent. of that amount.153K3NEW MEAT MARKET OPEN P0RBUSINESS.The new firm, Stone & Tarr, com-posed of Chas. T. stone ana nennettTarr, is conducting a first-classmeat market on Main street, nearEighth, adjoining Stuart &O'Brien's. Your patronage is re-spectfully solicited and the bestmeats, fresh and cured, the marketaffords, will always oe supplied an-customers.STONE & TARR.Up-to-Date Meat Market.TE3 i PaITSH POND SALE.A "fish pond. sale" for the benefit of the Y. M. C. A. army workwill be given at the Escondidaschool, on Wednesday night, No-,vemoer zx. The public is cordiallyinvited to attend. All who come!will be assured of a good time.WE KNOW HOWJLmS:ICopyright, 1917;style and qualitv that other3 not have. Every Suit and Overcoat sold by us isguaranteed to be just as we represent it to be, and if2 either garment shouldn't wear to your entire satis-faction we are always willing to make you entirely2. satisfied.SUITS AND OVERCOATS FROM$15.00 to $40.00We will be glad to show you the different stylesin Men's Suits at any time.Mitchell & BlakemoreStetson Hats Manhattan Shirts Nettleton ShoesDr. Reed's Cushion Sole ShoesvtBegin Today, and. Do Your Christmas Shopping !...........................................f.....KENTUCKY JFUKKISHES ITS REG-ULAR QUOTA TO ARMY., f..-? army quota,according' to the ZtheeDienTSimeATl Tfshi t 7 WaS ? blt in!u?Xr,tlie complement of re-pvnected of LlJT at TSec0rd I i th?? VSIw' Snet the preslrtbed anota wlth-egurbryonWrarftJJUjoIAlabama, Virginia and the Caroli-las and Mississippi are the Southern.AW-r-v T IICIIIIO. fXIIII l.lll-T I .H.IIIII-S&ef iFLnLTotaieb inat are iar Deiiincl in helD-I" the rennfr ItvlwtthLU L e lt3iuirea stren&tn.ing to bring the standing army upfe te &-CONGRESS ASKED TO REPEALINCREASE OE POSTAL RATES", ,Congress was asked to repeal thecvjuiuii ui tue war Lax law mcreab-r,..!.'-- X-U X 1ing postal rates on second class mailmatJer in resolution adopted at aTYKSOT1TI V in MaiTr V rTlr TnflMiir nhmeeting in New York, Tuesday, oftnR ixepresentatives" l;iud, an or-fSe ?0 State effect m?Si? Z S v a fJuly, were characterized in the res-olution as "destructive of one of theE3 19 13BBAETAPPEALSREOPENEDTlTTTCmMUST EB CLOSED AT ONCE.1 . . . . ,' Provost Marshal General Crowder, Jla notified Adjutant General Ellisthat too much time has been spentin unrestricted reopening of caseoof drafted men. Tnls procedure, hesays, has caused delay in raisingand training armies.Drafted men sent to camp who believe that the law has been violatedin their particular draft cases are( given seven days in which to appeal. their cases.j Provost Marshal General Crowder, in his communication, says further,J that all cases heretofore reopenedand considered and now pending onlehearing must be closed at once,Ba ts "EjAJtE YOU A MEMBER?If you are not a member of theBourbon Building & Loan Association we hope that some good friendof yours from among our numberwill discover the fact and show you,by citing his own experience, howmuch you can profit by taking outshares with us.Our shares will be ready for saleSaturday, December 1. How manydo you want?WILL S. ARNSPARGER,(18-2t) Secretary.JHave YouBought YourOvercoat andSuit for Winter? I3!IN Mitchell & Blakemore'sClothes' you will find theright kind of merchandise,style, price and quality. Wesell the famous Stein Blochand Michaels Stern Clothes,made in Rochester, N. Y.,clothes that have individualreadv-to-wear clothes doBOURBON CIRCUIT COURTJudge Robert L. Stout and Commonwealth's Attorney Victor A.Bradley hustled matters considera- trite phrase, and a most expressivebly in the Bourbon Circuit Court one to use in connection with anvthis week, with the result that a j movement these days in which,considerable volume of business was Pluck, persistence, patience andtransacted with the assistance of dash are necessary to its successthe attorneys and the petit juries This has "been emphasized in' reengaged in the different cases. The J cent campaigns in this city andfollowing cases were disposed of at county in connection with raisin?Wednesday's session: of funds for the Liberty Loan theCommonwealth vs. Jack Webster. Red Cross, and nthm- W,JixuvFuiig ctt auuLiier witnouc injury,One year in the penitentiary.Commonwealth against G. C. Morgan, housebreaking. Three years inthe penitentiary.Commonwealth against Wm. Warren and Charley Cathway, petit larceny. Thirty days in jail.Commonwealth against WillMitchell, carrying away the property of another, $10 fine.Commonwealth against Bob Allen, obtaining property under falsepretenses. One year in the penitentiary. Commonwealth against Jack Tracy, having spirituous liquors in hispossession for sale in local option,territory. Ten days in jail and ?50fine.Commonwealth ..against Bud Johnson, carrying concealed deadly weapons. Ten days in jail, ?50 fineand disfranchisement.Commonwealth against WilliamFields, having spiritous liquor inlocal option territory for the purpose of sale. Ten days in jail, $50fine.Commonwealth against Jno. Craycraft, stealing chickens. Not guilty.Commonwealth against Jas. Vice,forgery. One year in penitentiary.No more jury cases will be triedat this term until the reconveningof the court on next Monday morning. George C. Morgan, who was givena sentence of three years in thepenitentiary, on a charge of housebreaking, is the man who made hisescape from the custody of JailerJoe Farris at the Paris jail by removing his clothes, soaping his bodythoroughly and squeezing througha narrow aparture in the stone wallbetween the windows in the corridor. Morgan was arrested in Maysville about a week ago, and afterbeing held for the Federal authorities on the charge of being a deserter, was sent to Paris for trial onthe charge upon which he was convicted and sentenced.IS 1 ISPROSPEROUS BANK MAKES EXCEPTIONALLY FINE STATEMENT. Elsewhere in this issue of THEBOURBON NEWS will be found th3financial statement of the conditionof the Peoples Deposit Bank &Trust Company, at the close of business on Nov. 17, 1917.This statement reveals this soundold banking institution to be in amost thriving and prosperous condition. The magnificent showing of$895,136.92 in deposits is probablyunequaled in the banking history ofBoubron county, and demonstratesfully that our people are not onlyprosperous but they are saving ineirmoney.The total resources of the PeoplesDeposit Bank & Trust Companytotal $1,157,584.35, despite themany calls from the depositors as aresult of their heavy purchases ofthe two large issues of Liberty LoanBonds, Y. M. C. A. War Fundsubscriptions, etc.The Peoples Deposit Bank & TrustCompany is in charge of a mostpainstaking and efficient corps ofofficers, and much credit for thesound and prosperous condition ofthis banking institution is due tothe conservative management ofPresident S. E. Bedford and CashierC. K. Thomas, both of whom havelong been identified with the financial interests of this county. Theyhave associated with them a Boardof Directors composed of Bourbon'smost successful and popular business men, which guarantees to thepatrons of this banking house continued, s teady and prosperousgiowth.Tafsa laHOME TELEPHONE MEETING.The district meeting of the Central Home Telephone & TelegraphCo. managers, chief operators andchief wiremen, held in Cynthiana,last week, was one of the most interesting held in many years. Abusiness meeting was held in themorning, the afternoon being devoted to social session, sight-seeingand a short business conference.The night session was occupied bya program composed of addressesand music. Mr. J. J. Veatch, ofParis, District Manager, presided.Among the addresses was one byMiss Minnie Carr, of the Parte exchange, on the subject, Why IThink I Was Promoted to the Position of Chief Operator." At theconclusion of the meeting a banquetas served, with R. V. Bishop, ofCynthiana, as toastmaster.REPORT OF REDMON SALEAuctioneer M. F. Kenney, whoconducted the sale of farming implements, stock, etc., of Mr. SolRedmon, at the Redmon farm nearParis, yesterday, makes the follow-in sr reportlirvneo niri from $50 to ?100each; mules, $150 to $180 per head;cows, $50 to 5l2i.au pei u,heifer calves, $37.25 per head,sheep, $14 per head; chickens, 14cents per pound on iooi; uua,cents each; geese, 90 cent3 each;farming implements soia wen. iBOURBON COUNTY OVERTOPS.WAR Y. M. C. A. FUND"Over the top" has become ameasures, and now comes the armv;U1 iU1 tue ai. c. A., whenBourbon county people, true to theirnames and the glorious traditions ofnalf-a-century or more behind themcame to the front in the recently!ended campaign. Just as she hasdone many times before, Bourboncounty "went over the top" and instead of raising merely the allotedsum, $7,500, the final count showeda total of $9,870,000, just $2,329.50more than was asked for.Bourbon was one of the sevencounties comprising the Sixteenthi. M. C. A. District, the others being Rowan, Montgomery, Bath,Powell, Wolfe and Menifee. Thesum of $12,500 was asked for fromthe entire district, and the responsewas a total of $15,455.25, being anoversubscription of $2,655.25.That's the way we and our "mountain neighbors" come "over the top"with the funds!The teams at work in the variouscity and county precincts made thefollowing totals in subscriptions:Faris $3,739.25North Middletown .;. . ". 18 6450Little Rock 1,327.75Hutchison 866.50Clintonville 383,50Ruddles Mills 329.50Centerville 26700Total $9,870.00The campaign began on Monday,November 12, and continued uninterrupted until the close Mondaynight, November 19, daily reportsbeing made at the local Y. M. C. A.,and to the headquarters at Louisville. The committee in charge ofthe work in this county extend3warmest thanks to all who contributed even in the slightest degree,by their money or their work, tothe success of the movement.The National War Work Councilof the Y. M. C. A. has announcedthat the grand total of the nationwide war fund campaign is $49,209,411. This exceeds by nearly $15,000,000the $35,000,000 goal set at the beginning of the campaign Nov. 12.President Wilson, on being informed that the fund was greatlyoversubscribed, telegraphed congratulations to Dr. John R. Mott, general secretary of the council."My heartfelt congratulations onthe remarkable and gratifying result," the President's telegram read.. ""I think it is a national blessing."te feGERMANY GRABBING EVERYKIND OF METAL.Nearly every conceivable brass,copper and bronze object which enters into the construction or fmnishing of a house and building ha3been requisitioned by the Germanauthorities in occupied Belgium. Acopy of a decree published at Brussels, which has just reached theBelgian authorities, announces theproposed seizure and compulsory delivery of all such objects.A list of twenty-eight classes ofobjects which private individualsare compelled to deliver to the German invaders includes everythingfrom fireplace and bathroom fixtures to curtain rings and brasscloakroom checks. Nothing seemsto have been too small or insignificant to escape being placed on thelist.The decree states that a searchwill be made of all dwellings andthat all classified objects whichhave not been delivered to the German authorities will be- taken byforce. TS?aNAVY WANTS COLORED MENFOR VALETS.. LEXINGTON, KY., Nov. 22, 1917.BOURBON NEWS, Paris Ky.Will you please publish in your val-uable newspaper that the U. S.Navy have given us orders to enlistfifteen young colored men for service as valets to officers in theNavy. Age from 16 to 25 years.Must be able to read and write.All expenses paid and clothing allfurnished. Pay, $32.00 a month forthe first three months, then the payincreases to $40.00 and up.Apply at 201 Fayette Bank Building, Lexington, Ky.mtom .;OYSTERS AND FISH.Order your fish and oysters fromus. Best Baltimore oysters fresh,every day. Reelfoot Lake fish received every other day.MARGOLEN'S SANITARY MEATMARKET. (18-2t)ONE CENT WAR TAX. rA one-cent war tax revenue stampwill be levied on each parcel orpackage on which the postageamounts to twenty-five cents orfraction thereof after Dec. 1, according to a notice received at the localpostoffice. A consignment of the neirstamps wm arrive xnis weex.u-9. -V. ixS1" ""-i ,JYVTHE BOURBON NEWS, PARIS, KY.FRIDAY-W, BOURBON NEWSfebllshed 1811 35 Yuri of Contlnuoiw Publication.bllthed Every Tuesday and Friday.T Year... $2.00 Six Months... $L00Payable in Advance.WIFT Cv:AMP, Editor and Owner.Any erroneous reflection uoon thecharacter, standing or renutation otaay person, firm or corporation which.ay appear in tne columns o THEBOURBON NEWS will be gladly corrected if brought to attention of theditor.ADVERTISING RATESDisplay Advertisements, $1.00 perInch for first time; 50 cents per incheach subsequent insertion.Reading Notices, 10 cents per lineeach issue; reading notices in blacktype, 20 cents per line, each issue.Cards of thanks, calls on candidates, obituaries and resolutions, andimilar matter, 10 cents per line.Special rates for large advertisements and yearly contracts.The right of publisher is reservedto decline any advertisement or othermatter for publication.Announcements for political officesmust invariably be accompanied bythe cash.EDITORIAL MUSINGS.A Hope Tor Every Child.There are, two theories of howbest to care for dependent and neglected children. The older plan wasto gather them in large institutions.The other idea is to place them inindividual homes.A social worker who recentlymoved from New York, which hashighly developed the system of committing such children to large institutions, moved to another State,where the individual home methodis used. He said he had always regarded the individual home plan asideal. Yet when he saw how poorly some of these little waifs fared,he concluded that the orphans inthe big New York institutions under competent matrons were betteroff.The subject is suggested by aneffort tc establish the individualTiome method for such children inNew Jersey. Other States are try, ing it out. It is ideally the correcttheory, yet has some abuses in practice. The number of homeless childrenis large. Many are made orphansby death, but still more are practically so through drunkeness andimmorality of parents. . The greatmajority of people hesitate to takea child from a low down home.Thereby their over-prudence is aptto deny them future happiness.Most of these children under goodiare develop well, and are a comfortto ' their foster parents.Some people take children notbecause of a longing for child lifein the home, but for the work theycan squeeze out of them. Theydrive them along like little packhorses, regardless whether they aregetting any good training for life.A bojf from the slums may be getting plenty to eat in the countryhome where he is placed, yet may betruly neglected. He may run wildand make trouble in a whole neighborhood or school. Children placedin individual homes need carefulinspection by common sense people,to make sure they are getting sonleloving and motherly care.l The Problem of Poverty.f "The poor ye have always withyou." There were many people whoentertained hopes that the Commission on Industrial Relations, afterits long hearing of evidence, wouldbe able to make some weighty proposals for the betterment of economic conditions. But it was improbable at the start that a problem which the world has vainly confronted for thousands of years,could be solved by any one littlegroup of men.It ojild amount to nothing todouble ifrages for many people.They would simply retain their freesspending habits and have nothingleft. An industrious man of fairabilities, if he has the pioneer spiritand -the willingness to be content"with simple pleasures, can usuallylay up a little money. With a homeof his own, a well tilled garden and& chicken house, the problem ofpoverty will disappear for him.The considerable number of memtally defective people, however, isnot touched by any inculcation ofthrift. The union of persons unfitto have 'offspring will always beturning cut an element of low men-tality. They must usually subsiston seasonal jobs, with .lonr periodsof idleness. In an ideal communitythere would be special schools forthese people. By special trainingthese persons can often be made efficient hand workers.Industrial accidents are one greatcause of poverty. These are prevented, not merely by safeguardingmachinery, but by a ' 'safety first"propaganda among work people.Every child should be taught thedangers of daily life. Every workman should be made to realize thelife-long suffering and failure thatmay result from one moment's careless handling of a machine.Poverty costs high. It is notmerely the cost of pauper departments. It is the low productive capacity of the successful. The Statecan afford to pay good money forany educational process that takesa slow witted person and turns himinto a good worker.What Men Like.Men like pretty home-makers, nomistake there. You can appreciatebeauty as well as the next one, butthey want that beauty to be of anorder that appeals to their comfort.Of what good are cushions so elaborately embroidered that no headcan rest on them? What sense isthere in easy chairs of such richmaterial that they are quite the reverse of the name given them? Isthere any satisfaction in a room thefurnishings of which cost hundredsof dollars, when it is only open atrare intervals, when the owner, perhaps, sits by the kitchen fire or insome dingy sitting-room, where hecan put his feet on " the fender, ifhe wants to, can smoke, and as agreat indulgence, tilt back hischair?Edison, the Silent.For many weary months now theworld has been asking itself thequestion, "What is Edison doing?"and as yet there has been no definite answer. We are assured invague terms that he is perfectingsome device or devices that willhave powerful influence in terminating the conflict, but the months dragon and we are as much in the darkase ver. We are mysteriously informed that he has discovered orisolated or located or invented somekind of "ray" that will burn up abattleship or a town at a distanceof many miles, but that "ray" hasnot yet illuminated our darkness.It may be that one or more of hisdiscoveries are already in use. If so,why not let the public know? purelythe bare knowledge that our faith inhim is not misplaced, could work noharm. Seriously, the American people need all the encouragementthey can get in the days that are before them, and if Mr. Edison's genius is still working full time itwould help us to know it.153 IS ISAFTER iBIG OLLIE'S SCALP.Interesting political developmentsgrowing out of the fight of the wetsand drys in Kentucky may be lookedfor next year when the election of aUnited States Senator comes up, according to a well founded reportfrom Louisville.This report is to the effect thatUnited States Senator Ollie James,who will seek re-election, is to haveopposition from the dry wing of theDemocratic party. The man said tobe selected as the champion of thedry Democrats to oppose the SeniorSenator for the nomination, is JudgeIsaac Thurman, of Springfield,whose temperance proclivities arewell known in his section and who isto measure up to the standard of Senatorial timber in ability. Comingfrom a county adjoining Nelson, theformer home of Senator Beckham, itis understood that Judge Thurmanwill have the cordial support of theorganization, with which he has beenheretofore prolitically allied, andwhich is pledged to a dry urogram inState and Nation.pa fe 1E3PATRIOTISM AMONG KEYSTONEGIRLS.The famous bathing beauty squadout at the Triange-Keystone studioheaded by Aileen Allen, who holdsthe world's fancy diving chamion-ship, organized the "Triangle-Keystone Liberty Bond Girls," composedof herself and three other membersof the bathing squad, "Myrtle Reeves,Clara Roberts and Dada Holland.After selling one or more bonds tonearly every one in the studio, thegirls operated in the lobbies of several Los Angeles theatres where Triangle pictures were shown and disposed of a large number. Miss Allensold nineteen in one day. If it werepossible for the Triangle-Keystonegirls to extend their efforts to othercities they would certainly havemade a clean up, for a man whowould refuse a Triangle-Keystonebeauty is either a financial wreck ora poor patriot.AN OLD MAN'S STOMACH.As we grow older and less active,less and less food is required to meetthe demands of our bodies. If toomuch is habitually taken, the stomach will rebel. When a man reachesthe advanced age of 85 or 90, youwill find that he is a light eater.Be as careful as you will, however,you will occasionally eat more thanyou should and will feel the need ofChamberlain's Tablets to correct thedisorder, These tablets do not contain pepsin, but strengthen the stom--ach and enable it to perform its functions naturally. They also cause agentle movement of the bowels.(nov-addv)MONUMENT TO MEMORY OPKENTUCKY POET.A granite monument of modestdimensions and designs has latelybeen erected in the Winchestercemetery to the memory of one ofKentucky gifted sons. An appropriate inscription on the markerreads: "The Plain People's Poet,W. J. Lamp ton, 1851-1917." W. J.Lampton, a native Kentuckian, whospent his last years in New York,was a writer of wide reputation andwell known in literary circles aswell as by the great common peopleof whom he was never ashamed toacknowledge that he was one ofthem. He was a great friend anddefender of the mountain people. Helent aid and influence toward theputting Booneway and other highways in the Cumberlands. Citizensfrom that portion of Kentucky willmake Lampton's last resting place aMecca when visiting Winchester,the "Gateway City" of the EasternCumberlands.te fe isKENTUCKY STATE ENDEAVORiSONG.Tune: "Old Kentucky Home."(By Mrs. Bessie DeMoss Ellis.)The valiant hosts of our great Endeavor bandWith banners triumphant unfurled, Are gathering now at our mightyKing's- commandTo bear his standard 'round theworld.With faith in God as our ever shining shield,With firmness, with patience andlove,We'll stand for Christ till the worldto Him shall yieldAnd the flag of union floats above.Chorus :Shout a loud, hosanna!Oh! praise our God to-dayFor Christ and the Church and ourblest Endeavor bandsIn the old. Kentucky home faraway.Begirt with truth we shall neverweary grow,Tho' sorrow and sadness assail,For Hope shall whisper of Heavenas we goAnd cheer when fainting heartsshall fail.The night will come with holyhours of rest,When life and its trials are o'er;The soul will sleep on the Savior'sloving breastAnd bear the weary load no more.Chorus :When home ties call and the timehas come to part,When lips breathe the tendergood-bye;When mem'ries deep fill the cavernof the heart,And tears unbidden dim the eye,We shall sing of another happy timeWhen, mingled in union oncemore,We'll chant the strain of that melody sublimeThat the angels sing forevermorfeCTrustee's Sale in BankruptcyTHELAKEVIEW SANITORIUM ANDHOTEL CO.'SEntire Plant and Outfit at AuctionWEDNESDAY. DEC. 5. 2 P. M..On the Premises. Dry Ridee, Ky.Real Estate, Buildings, Hotel Furniture, Fixtures, and Trade Mark oftheKENTUCKY CARLSBADWATER, &c.By order of the XT. S. District Court.MARTIN M. DURRETT, Referee,Covington, Ky.W. T. LOOMIS, Trustee,Independence, Ky.TOMLIN & VEST, Attys for TrusteeWalton, Ky.WM. J. DEUPREE, Covington, Ky.,andBURCH, PETERS & CONNELLY,Cincinnati, Ohio,Attorney for Creditors.Autction Catalog on Request.THE EPPRON MERCANTILE CO..Auctioneers. No. 334 Main Street,Cincinnati. Ohio.(13nov-5t)Plenty 5oj-nea3fpiiuxess jm?&yj?complete v'THERE'S' a heap of joyin a ton of good coal.Your stove or furnacewon't have much troublefrom extracting comfortfrom a ton of coal if youbuy it from us. Our rapiddelivery will please you.W. C. D0DS0NSouth Main St.The Home of Good Coal'mZ?w.SHIjwwScoACf rini j rw:imm--" f 1LFree Dirt.I have a quantity of good dirt,free of rock. Will make good filler.Free for the hauling. Excavatingon Winchester street, next to J.Hal Woodford. Call at once if youwant any.(2t(-pd) J. S. OWENS.FOR RENT.Cottage on Winchester street,with all modern improvements; gasand electricty; good garden. ApplytoMRS. MARIA LYONS,(novl3-tf) Main street.Virgin Land For Sale!150 acres of Laurel County virgin land that would make an idealchicken ranch. About 75 acresis high, flat land, and balance on abranch between two high bluffs.This branch land has enough tie andsmall timber on it to pay for it.Would be an ideal place for an orchard, being protected from frost toa great extent by these bluffs. Allkinds of fruits would do well. Someof this land would produce fair cornand tobacco, and all kinds of vegetables. It joins up .close to L. & N station. An opportunity for a hustlerto get rich on a small investment.If interested call 404, CumberlandTelephone. (tf)Magazine Agency.I will receive subscriptions to thefollowing magazines:' Curtis Publishing Company'sLadies' Home Journal, SaturdayEvening Post and the Country Gentleman,Cosmopolitan.Good Housekeeping,Harpers,Motor Magazine,Pictorial Review,Mothers' Magazine,Heart's.Kentucky Magazine.Until November 10 will receive 2-year subscription to Cosmopolitan,Heart's, and Good House Keeping,either for $2. I will also make advantageous clubbing offers with ThePictorial Review.MMS. O. P. CARTER, JR.,Paris, Ky.(oct23-tf)Home For Sale PrivatelyOn account of Mr. Napier's passenger run being changed from Paris tcLexington and Cincinnati necessitating a removal to Lexington, I desirto dispose of my residvnee at the corner of Main and Second streets, inParis, at private saleThis is a substantial brick house,two-stories, has six large rooms;sleeping porch; two concrete porches;large garden and poultry yard; sideand front yard. It is a first-classhome and will be a bargain for th?purchaser. It is in lrst-class shape.An inspection of the house and premises is invited.MRS. JESSE S. NAPIER,(4-tf) 128 Mam Street.Farms For Sale!We have for sale a large number of highly productive, welllocated farms, ranging in sizefrom fifty to four hundred acres,in Oldham and adjoining counties. Good pikes, Interurban service to Louisville, excellentwater and every convenience.Land is well adapted to orchardgrass, alfalfa, blue grass, corn,wheat and clover, and is highlydrouth resistant. For particuwrite or phoneDIXON & GOSLING,LaGrange, Ky.Home Phone 102 and 97-B2.Cumb. Phonee 85-J and 37-W.(novl6-tf)Public Sale-OF-School Houses!We will sell on the premises ateach of the several pieces of propertyto be offered, to the highest bidder,onSATURDAY. NOVEMBER 24, 1917.the following school houses andgrounds, to-wit:At nine a. m. we will offer theschool house and grounds near Jacksonville. This property consists of &good building and about one-halfacre of ground. There is a splendidbored well on the property.Immediately after this sale, atabout ten a. m., the school house andlot in the Hill District will be offered. This property consists of a splendid building that, with very littleexpense, can be changed into a comfortable dwelling. The lot containsabout three-quarters of an acre, witha fine cistern.At eleven a. m. the school houseand lot at Centerville will be offered.This house can be converted into agood dwelling. The lot containsabout one acre of ground.' TERMS Made known on day ofsale.MISS MABEL BOBBINS, 'T. C. T.TRT.TCt - 1"s,rirFound.iOn the streets of Paris, an officialenvelope containing some legal paBears, bearing the name of Margaret Shepherd, bank checks onMillersburg Exchange Bank, postalcards, etc. Owner can have sameby calling at THE NEWS office,proving property and paying for advertising.G. W. DAVISFuneral DirectorCorner Fifth and Pleasant Streets, Paris, Ky.Day Phones 137 Night Phones 299 or 999Automobile Ambulance Automobile HearseUndertakingOur Winton-Six Automobile Ambulance with Johnson &Johnson First Aid Equipment and the Lungmotor (recentlysecured by us at great expense) a resuscitating device forthose apparently dead from drowning, gas poisoning, electricshock, collapse from anaesthasia, etc., always ready for service, DAY OR NIGHT. Phone us immediately when anaccident occurs.A MAN AND HIS WIFE...LEVY, THE DRY CLEANERCumberland Phone 40Your ! TelephoneA Money Maker!If busy farmers, who are selling their stock and produce at good prices, were to be deprived of their telephone, they would readily place the value of the instru- .ment at anywhere from $5.00 to $35.00 a day.You will find the secret of the prosperous farmer'ssuccesss lies in his prompt telephone communication withthe local and city markets.Our new Directory will go to press soon and it is our 'endeavor to supply you continuously good telephone service day and night. Our rates are reasonable.Paris Home Telephone 5 Telegraph Go.(Incorporated)J. J. VEATCH,District Manager.L. & N. TIME TABLEEffective, Sunday, June 17, 1917, 12:01 a. m.TRAINSFROMNo.3425101140211210 a40371233189138381939143223931130Atlanta, dailyCynthiana, daily except SundayRowland, daily except SundayMaysville daily except Sunday. ,Lexington daily except Sunday.Maysville, Sunday anlyRowland, Sunday onlyLexington, Sunday onlyCincinnati, O., dailyLexington, dailyChicago, dailyLexington Daily Except SpndayMaysville, Daily Except SundayLexington, DailyKnoxville, Tenn., DailyMaysville, DailyCincinnati, Daily Except SundayLexington, Daily Except SundayJacksonville, Fla., DailyCincinnati, Sunday onlyCincinnati, O., DailyLexington DailyTRAINS FORN.34 Cincinnati, waily40 Cincinnati, daily except Sunday11 Lexington, daily except Sunday10 Maysville, daily except Sunday340 Cincinnati, Sunday oaly13 Lexington, daily except Sunday87 Knoxville, daily33 Jacksonville, daily218 Maysville, Sunday only129 Lexington, daily except Sunday38 Cincinnati, daily39 Lexington, daily except Sunday9 Rowland, Daily except Sunday14 Maysville, daily except Sunday32 Chicago, daily30 Cynthiana, daily except Sunday214 Maysville, Sunday only .;.239 Lexington, Sunday only .,209 Rowland, Sunday only19 Lexington, DailyIHO. TRAINS ARRIVE FROM2 Frankfort, Ky., Daily Ex. Sunday 7:38 am4 Frankfort, Ky., Daily Ex. Sunday 5:50 p. mTRAINS DfePART FOR1 Frankfort, Ky., Daily Ex. Sunday ....J 8:25 a.W8 Frankfort, Ky., Daily Ex. Sunday - .' C:2 pV:auEtryed orEstrayed or stolen from th Wm.Woodford farm, on Paris and Wimchester pike, Saturday, November 10,a Jersey cow and black yearlingheifer. Both muleys. Liberal reward for recovery or any information as to their whereabouts. Ad-dress,J. R. BROOKS,(16-3t-pd) Route 2, Paris, Ky.may both derive saiisfactionby having their worn and soiledgarments cleaned by us. Thecost is nominal, while the pie asure of wearing old clothes thathave the appearance of new, inconjunction with the knowledgethat you are effecting a greatving, must surely satisfy you.A phone brings us.Home Phone 1692W. H. CANNON,Local Manager.ARRIVAL- 5:25 am,.... 7:35 am. . . .7:35 am-. -..3... 7:33 am- -, .. .7:40 am8:00 am8:05 am8:10 am10:05 am10:02 am10:17 am12:00 m3:00 pm3:07 pm3:i5 pm5:40 pm5: 50 pm6:18 pm. 6:33 pm. 9:30 pm10:38 pm10:23 p mLEAV.-.5:30 am7:45 am7:47 am7:48 am8:20 am10:25 am10:32 am10:22 am12:04 pm3:25 pm3:2t pm" 5:57 pn6:04 pmC:33 poi6:38 pmt:4S pm9:30 pm:....9:38 pm9:49 pmC:35 p m(9-16-23) Committee.t- -LVJte? - C' .- fi Y.- &.- ".'. t? A 9Nbt i, ' ' V. . -,, - w - v ").v-r--?- ,Sp -. ""f- .hWv'W. jm - ; .tFRIDAY, NOVEMBER 23, 1917.THE BOURBON NEWS, PARIS, KttPAGE THUSJMSliftMfinMMmmmtIfSimon's Great Cash Raising Sale!ENTIRE STOCK TO GHOOSE FROM!fHlAVING purchased a business in Lexington, I find it takes more cash than I had anticipated, therefore I havedecided to turn a certain amount of the stock of our Paris store into cash. It is only after you've thoughtfor a minute, and realize the enormity of the stock of goods to be turned into cash at once, that the full forceof this great merchandising event becomes apparent. It is not merely a November or Clearance Sale, notmerely the selling off of odds and ends, butThe absolute necessity of turning the desiredamount of goods into cash, notwithstandingthe great loss it entails to us to do so!Then, too, when the high class of the goods is considered, is it to be wondered at that we have prepared forthe greatest sale of any kind, at any time, (or any reason whatever?Sale Begins Thursday, Nov. 22dAnd Continues Until Saturday, Dec. 8thLadies' CoatsLadies' $20.00 Coats, at $14.98Ladies' $25.00 Coats, at $19.98Ladies' $50.00 Coate, at. ...A. . . . , .$24.98Ladies' $35.00 Coats, at. $27.50Ladies' $40.00 Goats, at $32.50Ladies' $45.00 Coats, at $37.50Ladies $50.00 Coats, at. . ., ........ $39,50Huck and Bath TowelsOne lot of Huck Towels, size 18x36at 1212oOne lot of Turkish Towels, at 10cOne lot of Turkish Towels, regularprice, 35c, at 25cOne lot of Turkish Towels, 50c, at... 35cLadies' SuitsOne lot of Ladies Suits, regular$20.00 and $25.00 Suits, at. . .One lot of Ladies Suits regular$30.00 and $35.00 Suits, at...Ladies' Suits, $37.50. and $40.00,Suits, atLadies' Suits, $45.00 and $50.00Suits, atLadies' Suits, $60.00. and $65.00Suits, at ... .i. .'.$14.98$19.75$24.75$37.50$47.50Ladies' SkirtsLadies' $5.00 Skirts, at .$3.98Ladies' $7.50 Skirts, at A. .$4.98Ladies' $10.00 Skirts, at. $7.98Ladles' $12.50 Skirts, at . $9.98Ladies' $15.00 Skirts, at $11.98Rememberthe DateThursdayNOVEMBER 22To SaturdayDECEMBER 8Ladies'Silk,GeorgetteCrepeand Crepe de ChineDressesLadies' $20.00 Dresses. . ., , .. .$14.98Ladies' $25.00 Dresses. . $19.98Ladies' $30.00 Dresses $24.50Ladies' $85.00 and $40.00 Dresses. .$29.50Bedspread:$2.00 Spreads, at $1.48$3.00 Spreads, at $2.48$3.50 Spreads, at $298Millinery, To Close Out,at Half PriceLadies' $5.00 Hats.Ladies' $7.50 Hats.Ladies' $10.00 HatsLadies' $12.50 HatsLadies' $15.00 Hats. . . .i. -.......$2.50$3.75$5.00$6.25$7.50Clark's 0. N. T.200-yard Spools, 6 for . ... .:. . . ... ... . 25cOur Entire Stock to Choose FromDuring Our Cash Raising Sale of 15 DaysLadies' Silk PetticoatsLadies' Skirts, $3.00, at. . .,. . . .t. . . .$2.29Ladies' Skirts, $5.00, at $4,25Ladies' Serge DressesLadies' $10.00 Dresses, at $7.98Ladies' $15.00 Dresses, at .$12.75Ladies' $20.00 Dresses, at $14.98Ladies' $25.00 Dresses, at .$19.98This Sale isStrictlyFor CashPleaseDo Not Ask CreditLadies' Knit Underwear50c Vests, at .39c$1.00 Vests, at .fgc50c Pants, at . . . . 390$1.00 Pants, at 7gc$1.00 Union Suits, at ,. ... -79c$1.50 Union Suits, at .$1,29$2.00 Union Suits, at $1,89TABLE LINEN AND MTJSLINBuy During Sale and Save Money.Furs$5.00 Fur Scarfs, at $3.98$7.50 Fur Scarfs, at $4.93$10.00 Fur Scarfs, at. .- $7.98$15.00 Fur Scarfs, at . . $9.96$20.00 Fur Scarfs, at $14.98$25.00 Fur Scarfs, at .. .$19.08$5.00 Muffs, at $3.96$7.50 Muffs, at $4.96$10.00 Muffs, at $7.96$15.00 Muffs, at $9.96$20.00 Muffs, at $14.96$7.50 Fur Sets $4.96$10.00 Fur Sets $7.98$15.00 Fur Sets $9.98$20.00 Fur Sets $14.98$25.00 Fur Sets $19.98$30.00 Fur Sets $24.50Apron GinghamsLancaster & Amoskeg Ginghams, at.'. -.15cDress Ginghams, 20c quality, at.. 15c25c Gingham, at ......... ... . ,:. Km . . jPercols, 25c quality, at ... ...... ... .J . 21cHope Muslin, at . . . .15cOuting Cloth, all colors, at .. . ... ... . . -15cOuting GownsLadies' $1.50 and $1.75 Gowns, at. .$1.29 xBLANKETS AND COMFORTS AT GREATREDUCED PRICESIf You Are Not in the Habit of Going to Sales, Come to This One !There is a World of Economy Here For You !i.& & ,.ii..jj. JfciO. ,. Wfcf xl.. 1-tPAGE FOUETHE BOURBON NEWS, PARIS, KY.FRIDAY, NOVEMBER 23,1917.V-- iiWANTED!ftEvery Automobile OwnerIn Bourbon CountyrTo Have the Advantage of OurRiDEPARTMENTBring your old tires to us andhave your work done by an expertwho has had years of experiencebuilding tires Come and see foryourself.mWe Do Re- Treading andVulcanizing of All KindsC. S. BALL GARAGECor.'. Fourth and Pleasant St..RELIGIOUS.Endeavor Day" throughout theState. A special program has beenarranged for this occasion. Collection for Christian Endeavor workthroughout the State will be taken.The program for this occasion isan interesting one, and it is earnestly hoped that a large attendancewill be present. Let every personwho can possibly come be there,and encourage the young people,who are doing an excellent work.WHETHER YOU DINE AT HOMEOr out with friends, you'll wantto dress up Thanksgiving. e havethe things to dress you up with.J. W. DAVIS & CO.The members of the Paris Epworth League will give a Thanksgiving social on Monday night, atthe home of Mr. and Mrs. W. O.Fuller, on Walker avenue.Mr. Dennis Snapp, of Parispresident of the Epworth League ofthe Methodist church, will speakin Lexington, next Sunday night, atthe Park Avenue Methodist church,on the subject, "The Keystone ofthe Arch."The monthly social and business meeting of "the Daughters of"Wesley Bible Class will be held this g W F(Friday) afternoon, at 2:30 o'clock, .-,'at the home of Mrs. J. A. Lenox, on LOUISVILLE & NASHVILLE ISSouth Pleasant street. All the inem-, REDUCING RATES ON COAL.hers are urged to be present. . - . . . . ....ttia PrARhvtAHn-n nTiiirnii thii Announcement was made yester-hold services Sundav. morainer at d&y from the local office of the L. ,10:45 o'clock, and Sunday night at ,& N- that a readjustment of freight7:15. The morning sermon will be atej! is elS made, whereby a re"The Choice" of "Moses." " The night duction of ten cents per ton will gosubject will be, "The Worth of the on shipments as soon as theChurch to the World." . I sheets are completed. This isAn official call is now being a Patriotic move and will help thesent out to every pastor and Sun-,coal situation in Central Kentucky.day school worker of the United ? n :States and Canada, announcing the! dtttit n-rnrpcdate and place of the next conven- iSULK OUViSS.tion of the International Sunday wlHi ... 77 .Schoool Association and urging the' Jc UU1 ullvea t 00 ueuts erappointment of delegates to the con- i n r nnmr e nnvention. The convention is to be! ui; u ij. LOOK & CO.held in Buffalo, N. Y., June 19 to m mPARIS BOWLING LEAGUE.The Bourbon Laundry team defeated the Curtis Henry & Co. teamin the series played at the Fordham Alleys Monday night by amargin of sixteen pins. The highscore star performers were: Laundry Team Funk, 196; Swearengen, 172; Clark, 170; Taylor, 169.Curtis Henry & Co. Burgin, 182;Jones, 207 and 179; Henry, 169.On Wednesday night T. W. Spicerteam downed ,the R. P. Walsh teamby the narrow margin of three pins.And it was "some contest," the result being too close for comfortfor the winning team. The highscore star performers were as follows R. P. Walsh team Thomas,175 and 166; Santen, 173 and 167;Kane, 150 and 143. T. W. Spicerteam Bridges, 185 and 159; Faulkner, 179 and 161; Hill 159.The next contest will be played atthe Alleys on Monday night between the R. P. Walsh and T. W,Spicer teams.The scores of the last two gamesfollow: ' .BOURBON LAUNDRY12 3Determan 162 152 127Swearengen 172 142 147Taylor 169 152 153Clark ..141 169 170Funk 160 168" 1961BUSYPREPARING- GUTSSOLDIEDS.FORTotals 804 783 799. CURTIS HENRY & CO.12 3Burgin 145 172 182Jones 169 207 179Woods 123 136 156Gibson '..123 132 143Henry 166 166 169Total 726 813 829Bourbon Laundry 2386Curtis Henry & Co 2368x Laundry Majority 16R. P. WALSH12 3Thomas 175 153 166Santen 139 167 173Bedford 134 123 138Kane 150 128 143Jackson 129 147 121Total 727 718 741T. W. SPICER.12 3Bridges 159 185 155Faulkner 130 161 179Sadler 144 127 145West 128 125 117Hill 140 159 135Total 701 757 731T. W. Spicer 2189R. P. Walsh 2186T. W. Spicer Majority 3LEAGUE STANDING.W L Pet.Bourbon Laundry ....14 4 .778R. P. Walsh 9 9 .500Curtis Henry & Co . . 9 9 .500.T. W. Spicer 4 14 .222A meeting of the Board of Directors of the Red Cross and the Presidents of the Church and PatrioticSocieties and Clubs of Paris was heldSaturday afternoon to arrange forthe collection and preparation ofChristmas parcels, filled with goodthings, prepared with skill, tenderness and good will, for the BourbonCounty and Kentucky soldiers whowill spend the Christmas period inthe several cantonments.It was decided to send 500"packets" to be solicited from themembers of said societies and thepublic generally by the Presidents ofthe several organizations represented and the committees appointed bythem, and to be packed and shippedunder the supervision of the ParisRed Cross Chapter.In order that the men may beequally remembered and yet thatthere may be a pleasant variety inthe packets, the following suggestions are made of suitable articlesfor the Christmas parcels, which arenot to exceed in value $1.50 each:Writing paper pad and envelopes.Book in paper cover.' Handkerchief, khaki colored.Mouth organ.Tobacco.Home-made candy.Small cakes.Fruit cake.Knife.Mirror (steel.)Electric torch.Playing cards.Checkerboard.Other games.Dates, figs.Raisins.Cash, (for use in purchasing articles not contributed).The following ladies were askedto represent their societies in saidwork, and to report their progresson December 1, at 3 o'clock, p. m.,at the Red Cross Sewing Room inthe Court House:Church Societies:Methodist Miss Laura Lilleston.Catholic Mrs. M. J. Lavin.Episcopal Mrs. J. .W. Bacon.Presbyterian Mrs. Louis Taylor.Jewish Mrs. I. L. Price.Baptist Mrs. Woodford Spears.Christian Woman's Society, Mrs.C. L. TalbottChristian Woman's Bible Class,Mrs. E. B. Hedges.Christian Mission Circle, Mrs. W.W. Judy.W. C. T. U Mrs. Wm. Myall.Patriotic Societies:D. A. R. Mrs. W. G. Talbot andMrs. C. Alexander.U. D. C -Mrs. T. A. McDonald.Surgical Dressing Mrs. H. C.Howard.Clubs;Paris Literary Mrs. W. 0. Hinton and MrsfW. G. Talbot.Progressive Culture Mrs. AmosTurney.Parent - Teachers Mrs. WadeWhitley.Health & Welfare League Mrs.M. H. Dailey.Art Club Mrs. F.' P. Lowry.1 I5i leiCLUB MEETINGS.i 1 1 1 n 1 n t tt 1 tt 1 it 1 1 itt nnniiinmnmiinun;FRANK & CO.The Reliable StoreReadjustment SalerSuits, Coats and Dresses!We have gone carefully over our stockand readjusted the prices on our entireline of the above, allowing a mostB-4 PJREInsure withW.O.HINTON &SON,AglsPICTURESQUE CHURCH IS DESTROYED BY EIRE.The First Congregational churchat Norwalk, Conn., was totallydestroyed by an accidental fireWednesday and the chapel attachedto it partly burned. The -loss isabout ?75,000.The First Church was one of the for consideration will beearliest Congregational churches in andrian Period of Greek Sculpture,It is rumored in railroad circlesthat the Louisville & Nashville has!Wednesday afternoon, the regular meeting time for the Paris clubswas utilized to a good advantage bythe members of the ProgressiveCulture Club, who presented an interesting program, including papers on subjects relating to thewar and the work of the Red Cross.' At Via nov maatinir rf 4-Vn "U.iTx -w I'nfivt. WfidnPRdov flip P-PTioroi ntr:peake & 0hio Railroad.- .. w..VHH.H,k, y VUV cwaawamta. WKT4.WThe Alex-LIBERAL PRICE REDUCTIONon all garments to compensate youfor the lateness of your purchase.REMEMBERj,This means our entire stock of Coats,Suits and Dresses, and not a few cheapshowy Coats bought for specials.44.Itit'.ALL CHILDREN' COATSHAVE BEEN RE-MARKEDMany of to 2 to years old Coats markedone-third to one-half off original price.EXTRA SPECIAL200 o4merican Lady CorsetsTo close out at ONE-HALF theoriginal price. "$1.00 Corsets, 50c75 CREPE WAISTS, SPECIAL AT $1.95I The QUALITY as Usual,None on Approval.FRANK 'C& CO.mi n m m in i 1 1 h n 1 1 it n m t n rm t u 1 1 1 1 mm 1 1A KAHK0AD RUMOR.AN ACKNOWLEDGMENT?THE NEWS is in receipt of thofollowing letter from Mr. C ADougnt tne c. & 0. railroad of In-1 A eveoausn, or JLouisville, Statsdiana. a line extendi f nw J S55 Secretary of the Statenfl.ti tn nH,flffn n;v ::ruj:va worK councu them,v.vu, a,uu. iui a. iiumDerof years operated bv the r.ha.America, having been organized in1652, and the building burned wasa fine example of the church architecture of a century ago.m m mMiss Corinne Collins, leader.The regular weekly meeting of theParis Literary Club was held Wednesday afternoon, the president,Mrs. Wm. O. Hinton, presiding. TheI SohfrMiMs following papers were read: "TheLignming War of 1812 by MrSt ossian Edwards; "The American Revolution,Canada," by Mrs.Fire, Wind andInsurance.Thomas, Woodford & Bryan. , its Results ForRESIDENCE BURNS.The residence recently vacated by IMr. and Mrs. C. W. Bush, at Grassy ,in& with the Red Cross inFrank P. Lowry: "Canada's Relations With the United States," byMrs. ,Thomas Henry Clay, Jr.Plans were discussed for co-operar-sendingLick, in Montgomery county, and Christmas packages to the soldiers.owned by Mr. William Reese, was ! Mrs Walter Payne and Mrs, Harrydestroyed by fire. Mr. Reese had j Clay were appointed a committeequite a lot of valuable tools used In to receive contributions from thehis trade as a jeweler, and Mr. and members of cash or articles for theMrs. Bush had a quantity of house-1 parcels. The next meeting of thehold goods, not insured. (The resi- Club will be held on December 5,dence was partially covered by in-'when the members will devote thesurance. The cause of the fire is , time to sewing at the Red Crossunknown, but thought to have been I rooms. , The next literary programincendiary. will be given on December 12.This would give the Louisville &Nashville a through line from .-fooir.sonville, Florida, to Chicago, by way 'Council ofC. A.:w'-1"01113116' KY- Nov- 21, 1917."Ed. THE NEWS, Paris, Ky."Dear Sir: On behalf of thoWar Work Council and 'our boys inkhaki," I wish to thank vnn fnrof Cincinnati and an outlet to "PJendi? c-Peration in bring:lakes for their fmmensernni E.E? Ln 7lcto1? to Kentucky in WoThe passenger service to Chicago l oaa nno " e cmPaiS fornow operated in connection with the IJd'mowle W m,rPS?de CmfrtPennsylvania railroad, but if the re-1 wJFjSJ0";-,. .-- v.K,v .iuco auu tt.maest re?portea purcnase be correct it willdoubtless soon be changed to the C& 0. line north from Cincinnati. " "USE GAS.NEW BUSINESS.25, 1918. IThe Endeavor Society of thePresbyterian church will meet at a general merchandising andthe court house Suday evening at country produce business will be6:30. The leader will be Miss Nell conducted by Brady & Gifford, whoCrutcher. Subject, "For What Am have closed a lease for the storeI Grateful?" Sunday, November room in the R. P. Dow building,25, has been named as "Kentucky opposite the Windsor Hotel.COrganized in 1SS1Peoples Deposit Bank and trust Co.At the Clote of Business November 17,-1917Report of the condition of TheFarmers' and Traders' Bankdoing business at the town, of Paris, County of Bourbon, State ofKentucky, at the close of business on 17th day of November, 1917.Use gas it's cheaper than coal,and so much cleaner. No dirt, noKindling, etc. Remember to Tiofthe nitv -arm w ' fcr,r. ! Ior anY man.---", ""- tei up tuestreets for connections after thebad weather sets in. Have you- gasconnections made now, or ydu willnot be able to have gas these Ionswinter days. Call us up.PARIS GAS & ELECTRIC CO., Inc.(atf'it)gards, I am,"Sincerely Yours,"C. A. TEVEBAUGH,'btate Campaign Secretary."-m t -Judge T. L. Burnett, of Louisville,the last -nember of the ConfederateCongress, is dead. To have belo-p-ortto that body was sufficient honorFOR SALESeven-passenger 1917-D 55 BuicEin fine condition. Cord tires. Car5jfn n 920 miles. Inquire atthis office. (23-tf)? ' - BES0UBCESLoans $773,034.08U. S. and Other Bonds 155,204.39Overdrafts 6,141.68Banking House 15,000.00Furniture & Fixtures 3,000.00Due from Banks.... 187,068.79sh, 18,135.411,157,584.351LIABILITIESCapital Stock $150,000,004Surplus 100,000.00Undivided Profits 9, 636. 31Due Banks 2,811.12Individual Deposits.. 895,136.92RESOURCES:Loans and Discounts rOverdrafts, secured and unsecured. ZZZZZZZZZZStocks, Bonds and other SecuritiesUUC XXUIIl .DiUlKS on CQ1 HACash on hand ZZZZZZ I "" .. 929I70Checks and other cash items - '7482Banking House, Furniture and Fixtures ZZZZZZ'" Z! 2,000.00REPORT OF TH E CONDITION OP gBourbon-Agricultural Bank and Trust Co. ce bSes $ -$176,950.922,799.2541,950.00Total.LIABILITIESCapital Stock paid in, in cashSurplus FundUndivided Profits, less eenses'and taxes" paidDeposits subject to checlf $168490 45Time Deposits 35'l3704Due Banks and Trust Companies ''$271,276.35$ 60,000.004,500.002,948.69203,62,7.49200.17T a . RESOURCES:Loans and Discounts .-...... $Overdrafts, secured and unsecured.."Stocks, Bonds and other Securities.Due from Banks '.'.'.Cash on hand . ; -.Checks and other cash items. ...-"""''.' 'Banking House, Furniture and FixturesOther Assets not included under any of above heads'..?' t."?'f!?f'851,305.97.12,174.81:130,636.0066,106.51'16,320.90128.76:15,500.004,038.96iTotal.$1,157,584.35Comparative Statement aff DapasitsJulyl;1914, After Merger '...:... $548, 492.21DecimberSl, 1$L5 626,696.69Dacembcr30,.m.: -.... ,.... ...:.. 754,726.86June 30, 1917. .L . .'. ..l....T.r... 845 584 91ormba17, 1$17 ......v. 895J.3&92State of Kentucky (Sct.).yjounzy oi-iiouroon.$271,276.35fY SL Weatheis ?d W. W. Mitchell Vice President and Cashierof, the above named Bank, do solemnly swear that the above statement is true to the best of our knowledge and beliefSv Lt WEATHERS, Vice President.W. W. MITCHELL Cashier."Subscribed and sworn to'befoWme this 20th-day of Nov 1917- v "x v n J. ? S ? K- THOMAS,' Notary Public. 'My -Commission Expires January -13, 1918. -. v -. . . (Torrrf Aftt.-----' s. - . PD A XTtr T TrrnnnJ. D. McClilNTOCr,,$1,096,811.91? 200,000.00.. 125,000.0024,963.52744,577.64- 605.72.001.665.03-.Totalr- 1 o , .. - LIABILITIES:Capital Stock paid in, in cash....Surplus Fund m ' " 'Undivided Profits, less expenses' and 'taxes' VaidDeposits subject to check $563 37? 74Demand Certificates of Deposit . . . 24'0238fiTime Deposits iwiiiSCertified Checks 60S?Due Banks and Trust Companies..Notes and Bills RediscountedReserve for taxes 'STATE OF KENTUCKY, Total $1,096,811 91'County of Bourbon Set.ofJ Claris true to the best of our knowledgeknd belief Te sttemetJOHN T COLLINS President fSuWribe and s XSSSXT, -,vB, ,, 4Q, 1JZ0. . . iyurrTO-AUt: - . . 1TH08. JHWir CUUE, Jit.,- .,. uy.,..VjUjNJES,-JKJHUL,DfetftmvAa2ta.CJ .'J urn. 5 1 Mt ' - . - "11-. w'-:;. ?:v- . --: 4:-'? r r . rFRIDAY, NOVEMBER 23, 1917.THE BOURBON NEWS, PARIS, KY.r "?art mmCmij)FOR THE BESTNOTHING ELSESOCIAL AND PERSONAL.ComingsWITH WOOL PRICES SOARINGand Goinsrs of OurPeople Here, There andElsewhere.Judge E. B. January was a business visitor in Somerset, Tuesday.Mrs. Clarence L. Martin, fLouisville, is a guest of Mrs. Thomn-It is bad judgment to delay buy-;on H- Tarr.ing that suit or overcoat any longer, i Miss Mary Brooks,exceptionalWe are showing somevalues at $20 and ?25.J. W. DAVIS & CO.RED CROSS SEWING.The ladies of thewill occupy the Red cross sewingrooms in the basement of the courthouse to-day, instead of the datepreviously announced. All the members should make a special effort tobe present.D. A. R. MEETING.The November meeting of JemimaJohnson Chapter, D. A. R., will beheld at the home of Misses "Winnieand Lutie Williams, on Pleasantstreet, to-morrow (Saturday) afternoon, at 2:30 o'clock. A report ofthe recent convention will be madoand the annual election of officersheld. Let every member attend.la te ISCOUNTRY SORGHUM.Fresh country sorghum best evermade.(It) C. P. COOK & CO.Ts la PaKODAKS FOR SALE.One No. 3A Folding Brownie,Eastman, pictures 3x5, with It.It. lens; one Vest Pocket Kodak,Eastman. Complete developing outnts for both. Apply, Ben Leach, St.Charles Hotel. (tf)IS I5iof Paris, isCecil King,"6PF WITHOLD. ONNEW."With the meeting held at theCouncil Chamber in the City Halllast night the "old" Council thathas been In office for four years,laid down their official robes andretired to private life. The "new"Council will hold their first meeting of Thursday, Nov. 13, for organization. This meeting will bepresided over by Mayor John T.Hinton, whose term of office doesuot expire until January 1.fe fe ?siWALL PAPER.t-We have a consignment of25 rooms of high-grade wallto close out regardless ofa guest of Mr. and Mrs.in Winchester.Miss Jessie Stone, who has beenquite ill at her home on Eighthstreet, is improving.Mr. and Mrs. Fred Wood areJunior Circle j enjoying a vacation trip to Puebloana otner cities in Colorado.Rev. and Mrs. W. F. Brownhave gone to San Antonio, Texas, toremain during the winter months.Misses Jane Addams and AliceWilliams, of Frankfort, will be theattractive guests for the week-endof Miss Matilda James.Stanford Interior-Journal: "Jas.C. Engleman came over from Paris,Sunday afternoon, to visit his agedmother, Mrs. John Engleman."County Judge C. A. McMillanhas resumed his official duties inhis office after being confined to hisroom several days with an attackof pleurisy.Mr. and Mrs. A. B. Dennisonhave as guests at their home onRailroad street, Mrs. Mary Henry,of Hamilton, Ohio, and Mrs. J. J.Dennison, of Winchester.Winchester Sun: "Mrs. SamuelWillis, of Paris, is spending severaldays in this city with Mrs. B. R.Jouett .... Miss Sallie Eubanks is aguest of friends in Paris."Mrs. T. D. Boynton, of Talladega, Alabama, a recent guest ofMisses Martha and Nancey Stephenson, of near Paris, is now visitingMrs. Geo. Stephenson, in Lexington.Mr. W. L. Yerkes, formerly ofParis, who is now a resident of LosAngefe"s, Cali., is a guest of his son,Mr. John Yerkes, and Mrs. Yerkes,and other relatives in Paris and thecounty.Mrs. Swift Champe left Tuesday for a visit to her schoolmate,Mrs. P. H. Lane, at Chestnut Hill,near Philadelphia. She was accompanied as far as Cincinnati by Mr.Champe.Mr. B. S. Parker, of the L. &N., is one of the largest stock holders in Paris in the Comet Oil Company that struck such a largeproduction of oil in Estill countylast week.Mr. and Mrs. Gilbert Lytle spentseveral days as guests of Mrs.Lytle's parents, Mr. and Mrs. Wm.Mansfield, of Danville. ' Mr. Lytleairau -Tiiisaay; and Mrs. Lytlewill return to-day.WITH THEaboutpapercost.Miss Lillian -Naylor and neph-nnr TC "mvts " V O m TT1VT1 1TtV rtnn.., w 1! a lw tir 'BWi " v,aiiA:i uiauaiu ,wu, ..xiicoc foo ,, an moi-uoM, " jhave been guests of Mr. and Mr3.to-date goods, and can be bought atless than 50. Prices range from10c to 25c per roll. Former pricesup to $1.00. See us quick for pick.S. E. BORLAND,Phone 159. Cor. Fifth and High.(23-lt)13 1 PSHUH! GUESS BOB HAD SOMEPARIS HELP.TheprintscaseFrankfort State Journalthe following comment on ain which Messrs. Robert C.Talbott and W. H. Whitley, ofParis, played a conspicious part, aswell as "Col" Franklin:"Hon. Robert B. Franklin, of thisO. P. Carter, Jr., and family, inThornton Division, returned to theirhome in Indianapolis, Tuesday.Mrs. Luther Hall and littledaughter Mildred, guests of Mr. andMrs. A. R. Dennison, will leave tomorrow for Sioux City, Iowa, to joinMr. Hall, who has been transferredto that point from Alexander, Indiana. Mr. and Mrs. John Ring, ofFleming county, who were marriedrecently in Maysville, were guestsseveral days of the bride's sister,Mrs. J. H. Richards, in White Addition. Mrs. Ring was formerlyMiss Ava Fields, of Fleming county.Mrs. Ernest Hosier, of Lexington, nee Miss Emmi Lee Frakes, ofParis, was a guest several days tnisSUGAR FAMINE BEING EELT INPARIS.Paris housekeepers and those whouse a great deal of sugar are beginning to realize the extent of thef-ugar shortage in the United States.It is not possible to obtain overtwenty-five cents' worth of thesweet stuff from the retailers, and.the wholesale houses report the situation will be very acute for sometime yet.Mr. Henry Power, of the PowerGrocery Co., stated yesterday thatthe shortage is apt to continue forsome time yet, or until the Government gets the wheels to working soas to get the new crop out. TheGovernment, he states, had declaredthat Central Kentucky was out ofthe beet sugar territory, and it washardly possible to get much relieffrom that source. He said that theshortage would be relieved not earlier than December, when theCuban and Louisiana sugar cropswould come on the market.There is very little granulatedsugar on the Paris market and grocers and wholesalers do not knowwhen there will be any to supplythe market. Yesterday a number ofhousekeeper canvassed both sides ofMain street to see what the realsituation was, and they found totheir dismay that it had not beenmisrepresented. Some of them evengot a number of old bachelors whohad no use for sugar to go to theretailers and buy to the limit, whichwas not over twenty-five cents'worth to any one customer. In thisway they got enough for their immediate needs.When asked for his opinion onthe sugar situation a prominentMain street grocer said yesterday toTHE NEWS: "It is my honestopinion tnat tne uovernment is going to put a price of eight cents apound on sugar, which is two orthree cents a pound cheaper thanthe present prices. For this reasonthe wholesale dealers will not stockup on the high priced 'sugar. Beetsugar will be coming on the marketsome time in December, and thiswill furnish us with a plentiful supply of the saccharine article. That'sabout all I can say in regard to theshortage. It can't last all the time,that's a certainty. We are hopingfor the best. It has been in a wayamusing to hear the excuses somehousekeepers have put up in an effort to get more than their share ofsugar from the grocers. The foodadministrator controls only thewholesaler and they fix a price atwhich the wholesaler must sell thesugar, but the retailer will be controlled through the wholesalersthe food administrator will requirethe wholesaler to sell no sugar toa.ny. retailer who sells the sugarabove the reasonable retail price tobe fixed by the Government officials." IS TS ?SMflKGOLEN'Srii i im ! n 1 1 1 limn 1 1 1 i n i 1 1 n i nSPECIALSFor This WeekMEATSBeef PorkLamb VealOYSTERSLow Prices on All MeatsThis Week.MflRGOLEN'SSanitary Meat MarketKEEP DOWNThe High Cost of Living.5ccitv. who holds the record for obtaining the largest verdicts in dam-; ek of her mother, Mrs. Carrie F.Tn rrninnA nAThOr T71 f ' . -. 5i H T T .Stone, ana ner sisters,THE CUSTOM MADE BARCLEYCORSET.Every Barcley Corset is markedout and cut separately after eachorder is received, to the individualmeasurements and figure requirements of each and every customer.i The Barcley Corset manuiacturersback up this guarantee with a checkfor $5,000. I also sell a StandardCorset. Your choice of three stylesof wire bones, also aluminum orAalohri boning.MISS ELIZABETH HILL,1530 South Main Street.Cumberland Phone 291.IS lafljrp rases, nas samea uiiumei viutory in that line. The case of R. L.Briggs against the L. and N. railroad was tried in the Bourbon Circuit Court at Paris on Monday, andresulted in a verdict of $10,000 forthe plaintiff. Mr. Franklin represented Briggs, and the suit was forpersonal damages sustained in1916."3 fe TSOPTOMETRY.Bring your eye-strain troubles tome. Examination made at any time.Artificial light used exclusively fortesting. If unable to call at office.Telephone E. Tenn. No. 7, and 5.will call at your home. Calls madeto any place in county. Prices reasonable. DR. W. R. FRANKLIN,(23-3t) 520 Main St.Ea 1stEASY TO OWN YOUR HOME.Best Matches, "full count,"per box ,New Pan Cake Flourper package J . . . 1 0cLenox Soap, per bar 5cEarly June Peas, per can ..15cTomatoes, per can 1 5cSugar Corn, -per can 15cCorn Flakes, per pkg OcftPPPPip4wpipipppkMiPPPb4p4PPPllolf, ile6c Co.Lexington, KentuckyTHE 1917 Gift Shop is ready from November12th on.HUNDREDS ot novelties of every description. and at moderate prices.EACH day you should make a visit to 'theShop.Giftt-Try Our"French Breakfast" Coffeea sure delight, at25c a Pound.GIFT selecting is easy in the Gift Shop everyarticle is a suitable gift. XIMMENSE variety of baskets madeby the Indiansof our Northern reservations.FULL and select assortment of latest style knitting bags from 50c up.TO make sure of getting good service and choiceselection, buy right now.SPECIALTIES in art needle work hand madenovelties of great variety.HOUSEHOLD articles for useful gifts, such asJapanese Table Covers and Doilies.ON the third floor of our-building, the Gift Shopis located away from street noises.PLACE yourself at our Gift Shop serviceyour holiday shoppingwi! be easy.andWe have opened the Gift Shop tjwo weeks earlier thisyear than heretofore, in order to afford ample time to ourcustomers to inspect the articles shown and decide ontheir purchase before the rush holiday shopping is in fullswing. All articles sold will be put up in appropriateholiday boxes.WOLF, WILE &COJ IBusyBeeCashStore !LEXINGTON, KY,milllMMIllllimiMHIlMINIIIIIllllllllllMlllliMR.MANSFIELD'S FRIEND GETS"BACK HOME."Mrs. LeeStarke and Mrs. S. Kenney Nicnols.Mr. H. F. Childress, manager of;the stationery and fine arts paperripnnrtment of the Chatfield &n-r t- l. .P riimnitinoti Tlfltlwooas .raper v,u., ui wuuuuau,;,-- , ;".," r,oia- owiTirtlprt-.rioitrr n Ffl.lMS. VllIC X lUIlUtb, lui """b ,.-,---i J.It's back to the old home" for F. ;alias "Red" Owens, of Cincin-vvho was arrested in jacKson-'was a business visitor inWednesday. This was Mr. Childress'' first glimpse of the Bluegrass sec-j. it.. Oi.x. n3 14- ia noQfl.xions oi uie outtc, mu x. vi-less to say he was greatly pleased.Mr. Edward Doty, of the U. S.s "NTpvada. stationed somewhere onii. Annnf.n rrtoef ofriiroil in Pn.rin ! and,.f .f n twelve davs' fur- identified Owens positively.lo,ugh to visit relatives and friends.Mr. Doty is looking the picture ofgood health, and says the navy lifeis the finest in the world for ayoung man.Mrs. Nelson Mason, of nearNorth Middletown, was brounght in'the Davis ambulance to the MassiaMemorial Hospital, threatened witnan attack of appendicitis. Physicians in charge of the case are hope-Mrs.Our svstem of loans is designed to ful of avoiding an operation.make home-owning a matter within , Mason is a sister of Mrs. C. C. Hadthe reach of everyone, and we feel 'den, of near North Middletown.that we have made this an accom- she is under the care of Mrs. CarrieF. Stone, trained nurse.Mr. J. M. Sturgeon, purchasingagent for the American TobaccoCo., has leased the residence onSouth Main street, recently occupied by Rev. and Mrs. W. F. Brownand has taken possession. Mr. Sturgeon is the first ot the colony ofloose leaf buyers to make his appearance here in anticipation of anearly opening of the Paris tobaccomarkets.Richmond Climax: "Miss EdnaKeller has returned to her home inParis after a visit to Mrs. CharlesGreen Mr.-and Mrs. Homer G.Kiser, of Paris, were recent guestsof Mrs. B. E. Belue Miss KateAlexander, of Paris, was a week-endguest of Mrs. Rhodes Shackleford,West Main street .... Mr. andplished fact, for no less than threehundred people here in Paris are Ihome-owners . because the Bourbon 'Building & Loan Association affords jthem an easy way to own theirhomes. You can begin Saturday, 'December 1. to own your home, Ifyou will.WDLL S. ARNSPARGER,(18-2t) Secretary.1SO& ISELSIE FERGUSON IN "BARBARYSHEEP" MONDAY.. -n i ..4-. vwavi nyi na former nourDon county uwu, ..John Mansfield, of Scott county,out of $4,000. IOwens was traced to, Jacksonvillewhere he was placed under arrest.Detectives .sent for Mr. MansfieldCincinnati detectives, wnoAfter being identified Owens admitted his guilt. Five hundred dollars were found upon his person,and $1,800 on deposit in a Jacksonville bank. An automobile in hispossession was also attached.Owens was brought back to Cin-lcinnati, where upon a hearing giv-jen, he was held over to the grand,jury m $z,suu duuu, wu " "jail.The matter of supplying a starwith a vehicle that she personallyfeels is particularly adapted to hercapabilities is by no means the mostsimple procedure in " the activitiesof the Droducer. At the Artcraftstudio recently, Elsie Ferguson, the, onfamous stage beauty, who makes Mrs. in. a. wens auu mu uivwivu.her screen debut in "Barbary to Paris, taking Mrs. Homer G.Sheep" at the Alamo and Paris. Kiser home, and spent several daysGrand theatre next Monday, ex-'there as guests of Mr. and Mrs.pressed great delight over the se- Kiser."lection of this story as her first mo- Prof. Charles S. Schultz, oftion picture play."Barbary Sheep," said the popular stage star, "is, I feel, an idealplay for me. The part of LadWyverne, the English noblewoman,fits me perfectly, and in readingRobert Hitchens' description of theyoung lady, I almost thought he wasJessamine county, who has been aguest of Mr. and Mrs. Fred Weekesser. and other friends in this cityfor several days, will leave to-morrowfor a visit to relatives in Lexington and in Fayette county. Prof.Schultz, who is the father of CarlSchultz, the noted cartoonist, ispaimting my own picture, even to , again well and hearty after a periodlthe color of my hair. I nope l nave , of semi-mvalidism, spent at theo-the part furl justice and that home of his daughter, Mrs. C. C.tbc public will enjoy seiBg this Sandusky, in Jeesamine county, andrfcrartirtwtifTfi toa great an-ex- his friends in. Paris Tiaveben givtt I 4M ii portraying it irgTm"lJwrweteoBieri "ForThanksgiving!Turkeys DucksChickensSoup and Frying OystersFresh Meats of All KindsCranberriesPumpkinsHeinz Mince Meat andPlum PuddingFRESHVEGETABLESCeleryHead Lettuce Curly LettuceEndive RadishesYoung OnionsMushroomsCucumbers New Tomatoes. Green PeppersSalsify and ParsleyWILMOTHGo.Phone 376iiJoin Our McDougallii h m I$1We Have Only a Few Places Left !and $1.00 Per WeekPuts One in Your Home$ir w$ . vv -jC3C5 J iAnd you get thebest Kitchen Cabinet made when youget theMcDougallAnd the McDougallis the only KitchenCabinet made thathas theAUTODISAPPEARINGFRONT1Just a Few Places Left!Join the Club To-day!THE J. T HINTON CO.MOTOR HEARSE-r-MOTOR INYAUD COACH- tlNfiEntKlNfl-jHW-v;r ns-..THE BOURBON NEWS, PARIS, KY.FRIDAY, NOVEMBER 23A 191TS: TAGE SIXiiiCLIMBED STAIRSON HER HANDSfbo ID to Walk Upright OperationAdvised. Saved by Lydia E.Pinkham s Vegetable Compound.This woman now raises chickens anddoes manual labor. Read her story:. Richmond, IncL "For two years Iyti& so sick and weak with troublesfrom my age thatwhen going upstairs I had to govery slowly withmy hands on thesteps, then sit downat the top to rest.The doctor said hethought I shouldhave an operation,and my friendsthought I would notlive to move intoour new house. Mydaughter asked meto try Lydia E. Pinkham's VegetableCompound as she had taken it with goodresults. I did so, my weakness disappeared, I gained in strength, movedinto our new home, did all kinds ofgarden work, shoveled dirt, did building and cement work, and raised hundreds of chickens and ducks. I cannot say enough in praise of' Lydia E.Pinkham's Vegetable Compound andif these facts are useful you may publish them for the benefit of otherwomen." Mrs. M. 0. Johnston, RouteJ), Box X90, Richmond, lad. -' bbbTIbbbbbbSPLOWS UP ALLIGATORS.Mrs. George Nichols, of Harrodburg, has received a letter from her!son, Albert Collier, who is now employed in the erection of the aviation camp at Lake Charles, La., inWAR SAVINGS MOVEMENT.Newly appointed State directors Jof the war savings movement, atfirst conference with treasury officials, formulated plans by which theyexpect to make war savings certificates or stamps the most popularChristmas gifts throughout thecountry.Frank A. Vanderlip, chairman ofthe government war savings committee, told the directors that it isimportant to conduct an intensivecompaign in every State during theholiday season and for at least amonth afterwards to start the warsavings habit, from which the government hopes to reap loans aggregating $2,000,000,000 within ayear.Although the campaign will notopen formally until December 3,posters and other advartising matter will be displayed in. every locality within the next ten days, it wasannounced.T3 isaCERTAIN CURE TOR CROUPWORK IN LARGEHOI EASY FORIS WOMAN NOWSHELBYVILLE FRANKFORTELECTRIC LINE.TRACTION COMPANY EMPLOYESRAISE POTATOES.CARING TOR TEN CHILDREN ISNOT SO HARD SINCE SHETOOK TANLAC"I've got a big house and a lot ofwork to do, but I can do it withoutany trouble since Tanlac improvedmy health," said Mrs. Anna Kampsen, 1803 Monroe street, Covington,Ky.Mrs.- Kampsen is the mother often children and she said the workof caring for them used to be prettyhard.Mrs. Rose Middleton, of Greenville, "Before I took Tanlac I wasn't111., has had experience in the treat- afoie 0 sieep more than one or twoment of this disease. She says, hours a night and z got very littlwhich he tells her of plowing upthre alligators in the course of his the purchasers were Judge George"When my children "were small myson had croup frequently. Chamberlain's Cough Remedy always brokeup these attacks immediately, and Iwas never without it in the house.I have taken it myself for coughsand colds with good results.(nov-addv)SK3BEATS THE WOODEN NUTMEGGAME ALL RIGHT.The war is used as an excuse formany queer stunts. An. old fellowdropped into Winchester recentlyand had for sale a potato slicer, onethat would save peeling and put thepotato in fine shape for cooking. Hesaid it was a wonderful thing toconserve food. When he displayedit at a store there was a -great rushto get one at 60 cents each. Amonwork recently. They had evidently I Nelgon Hon H G Garrett, P. P.burrowed under the sandy soil fora good old snooze when the Mercerman disturbed them. There was anold alligator about eight feet longand two small ones, and Mr. CollierEvans, Doc Tuck Anderson, JailerJames S. Mullins, P. D. Avent, LouisHamilton, T. S. Kerr and others.When Mr. Kerr took his home andnroudly handed it to his wife shetook off his necktie and captured i said she had one just like it. sherest," she said. "I'd get up in themornings feeling bad and wouldhave spells of weakness and dizziness through the day."My stomach was in bad condition, too. No kftid of food lookedgood to me, and I always was inmisery after eating. I'd have a sick,dull feeling in my stomach."Well, since taking Tanlac, Isleep seven or eight hours everynight without waking and get upin mornings feeling ready for mywork. The spells of weakness anddizziness are gone and I can walkeight or ten blocks now without tiring. "My appetite has come back, too,and I'm eating and enjoying myfood as I haven't done for a prettylong time.Work on the construction of atraction line from Frankfort toShelbyville will begin in the earlypart of the spring. Although it Isnot yet known what the line willcost it will probably be in the neighborhood of $2,000,000.When the line is completed therewill be a 'continuous trolley linefrom Lexington to Chicago.W. E. Phillips, of New York,who has organized the Frankfort &Shelbyville Railway Company, composed of New York capitalists, wasin Lexington last week to make acquaintances and to go over the proposed route of the new tractionroad.Mr. Phillips stated that his company had secured an option on allthe land needed for .the right ofway.It is probable that when the newroad is completed an agreement willbe made with the Kentucky Traction & Terminal Company wherebythe cars of one of the other companywill be run through from Lexington through to Shelbyville, andthere the passengers will changecars for Louisville. At Louisvillethey will again change cars andcan take an express trolley for Chicago and way places.Ts EaALL GERMANS MUST REGISTERSAYS NEW ORDER.mmmmmMimNew and drastic regulations governing the movement of all Germans in the United States havebeen announced in a proclamationby President Wilson. The orderentirely prohibits travel by waterwhether in public or private boats,and also requires all Germans toregister and report periodically towhatever authority is designated bythe Attorney General. The Districtof Columbia and the Canal Zone areforbidden as residences and no Ger-I don't mind recommending a.; man may approach any water front,More than 200 bushels of potatoeswere raised by the employes of theKentucky Traction and TerminalCompany this year along the rightof way of the company. These potatoes will be distributed among themarried employes of the company at$1 a bushel. This price is betweensixty and seventy cents below ih.9wholesale cost.The potatoes were raised on everypiece of ground belonging to thecompany along the right of way andin the two-acre park at Farnkfort.They were raised on a co-operativebasis and were cultivated by section hands during their spare time.This is the first time in the history of the road that this plan hasbeen put in operation and it is expected that for the period of the warat least, potatoes will continue to beraised along the right of way in order to help increase the food supply.Another co-operative step takenby the traction company is in taking out the lumps from the run ofmine coal and furnish them to employes of the road at cost.It is the opinion of officials of thecompany that by aiding its employes in these ways that they willget increased service from them.thing if I think it is good and I certainly believe Tanlac is a greatmedicine."If you are not feeling right getTanlac to-day at G. S. Varden &Son's.quite a pet.: T , , A ,v , , . said she had one just line it. ane fnov23-27one of the little 'gators and led Mm;had gotten it for 10 cents Ml, Kerr nov-J 7iuw uuir wux u is coming told tlie rest of the crowdf and nowit comes out that the old fellow hadgone to a store and bought themand resold to the "conservers" at50 cents profit.jCHRISTMAS packages mustBE IN NEW! YOEK, NOV. 24.Christmas packages for menworking on American war vesselsabroad must reach ' New York notFOR A WEAK STOMACH..As a general rule all you need todo is to adopt a diet suited to yourlater than November 24, the Navy age and occupation and to keep yourDepartment has announced in issu- bowels regular. When you feel thating regulations to guide persons! you have eaten too much and whensending gifts to officers and men of j constipated, take one of Chamber -thenavy, both at home and in for- Iain's Tablets,eign waters. l (nov-addv)m m mvLnMRS. P. 0. STUCHELL TELLS HOWSHE CURED HER SON OPA COLD."When my son Ellis was sick witha cold last winter I gave him Chamberlain's Cough Remedy. It helpedhim at once and quickly broke uphis cold," writes Mrs. P. O. Stucheii,Homer City, Pa. This remedy hasbeen in use for many years. Its goodqualities have been fully proven bymany thousands of people. It ispleasant and safe to take.(nov-addv)THEINDEPENDENTTobacco Warehouse Company(Incorporated)PARIS, KENTUCKYAnnouncingTheSaleBig OpeningTuesday, December 4,1917' Sale Starts at 9 A. M.All Commissions On Our Opening SaleWill Be Donated to the FollowingGood Causes:ONE-HALF to "Our Boys in France Tobacco Fund."ONE-FOURTH to 'The Health and Welfare League."ONE-FOURTH to 'The American Red Cross," the localChapter to get the credit for same.In Addition to the Above we will sell free OF commission all tobacco donated to "Our Boys in France TobaccoFund" by the growers either one,' two or three sticks, or as manysticks as they care to donate to the good cause:This is going to be a big year for the growers of tobacco, and it will be ouraim to see that all tobacco sold over our breaks brings top price.' - Sell yourtobacco' with the house that made competition and big prices.The Independent Tobacco Warehouse Co.railroad terminals, wharves, storagehouses or such other places as theAttorney General may name closerthan 100 yards. Officials emphasizethat lawabiding Germans will beannoyed as little as possible. Penalty for violation of the order ;sinternment for the period of thewar. . i j!1 m m iTELEPHONE CONSOLIDATION ,WINS BY 15,000 MAJORITY.The constitutional amendmentpermitting the consolidation of telephone companies was adopted bythe people at the November electionby a big majority. Ninety-twocounties reporting to Secretary ofState Lewis give the vote 40,948for and 25,041 against the amendment.ll,n D. Rockefeller'Tells How To Succeedview ever ranta J Tta on, Forbes Magazine$j 15c copy 3 yearSPECIAL I f lV II you act promptly)!SMM and wa will includeSSbi SnSSta. world-famou,Rockefeller lnterrlewFreeFORBES MAGAZINEP.L.I, 120 Broadway. N. .II SUM - III Street '"""'' jgl I1) City U.Jgtljr4aM8 Done f avAMAZINGLYwhen Kept In good condition with ' .10URBON POULTRY REMEDYV A few drops InthedrlnfciflfVtttr,l Keeps fiens neauny And zh&lrfthem lay. Cures antt WMiVeMJ roup, artda. feorp.hll atnl &tufc?t makes lSrUons of medicine.' At drnpirlfitit nroy man poetThis Little Blue EnvelopeH contains the new hair net you haveH read about dainty and light andS utrnni' j'nfl sterilized-"Wiii-o-Wisp" Hair Netis an invisible" net of perfectlymatched human hair; anyshade. Cap or Fringe. 2 for-5c. gray or -white 25c. Asttat your regular store. Ifnot in stock write us iornames of nearest dealersHartni tun Bros., Inc.Dent. 10334 Fourth Ave.N. T. CityYou Don't Have toStoopIf You Use aGarlandCabinetRangeI si SSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSMgoBsMBMMSslsWftl"' 3 1I.HhSHIHI1HI!KiK!-.Ss3fflaBliislHmwHB 'ggPsssss bbbbbbsbbsVHHHbbbbWM IsBBBBBBBBBBBBBsB 1BBBBBBBBbHbbBBBSSBBBBBBbBKI BBBBBBBBBBBBBbHI BBBBBHslfliBSBnlLBsSHnjBsssslMi !ilfti - tsssa IgHBiiKagivr " -vs fli" Paid. Ponltry book free on request.UUIBII BEMEQT CO., Lexicon, Ky.(till feb. 1)A beautiful lint of Garlands an dlifrlay. Coma In and look tham svar. .Paris Gas & Electric Co.(Incorporated), gBlaMftfflMMMftW, The BourbonTobacco Warehouse Co.(Incorporated)ANNOUNCESFIRST SALETUESDAY.DEC.4,1917AT NINE O'CLOCK A. M.Open to Receive Tobacco December 1stFirst Day's Commissions Divided:One-Third to Red CrossOne-Third to "Boys in France Tobacco Fund"One-Third to Health and Welfare League"BourbonTobaccoWarebouseCo.(Incorporated.) . . fcJ. T. COLLINS, Manager;(Incorporated.)PARIS, KENTUCKYiJe t. ? '? rlJfclDJSuffered SeveralYears. PERUNAMADE ME WELLMrs. Elizabeth Reuther, 1002 11thSt, N. W., Washington, D. C, writes:"1 endorse Peruna as a splendidmedicine for catarrh and stomachtrouble, from which I suffered several years. I took it for severalmonths, founa my heatth was restored and have felt splendialy eversince. I now take it when I contract a cold, and it soon rids the system of any catarrhal tendencies."Its MyStandbyfor aCold.pf t " N $$,feciThose who object to liquid medicines can procure Peruna Tablets.CHRISTMAS BOXES FOB AMERICAN FORCES IN EUROPE.DECEMBER COSMOPOLITAN.December Cosnopolitan, now onsale, will prove a mental stimulusto those who love good literature.Articles, serials and short storiesby the world's foremost writers,illustrated by the most brilliant artists of our time are not only interesting and entertaining, butliighly inspirational as well.Fannie Hurst, with her characteristic skill, has woven a beautifultale of true and unselfish love in"On the Heights," "The Other Lobster," the first installment of a twopart story by Gouverneur Morris, iswritten in the customary fascinating manner 'of this versatile write ,and Edith Macvane offers a problemfor deep and serious discussion in'Tor She Loved Much," by GeorgeRandolph Chester, the 101st storywritten around the characters offlTallingford and Blackie Daw.Rex Beach reveals himself in thenew light of a humorist in "On theTrail of the Cowardly Cougar,"mechanics"which relates his and FredStone's experiences when they wentmountain-lion hunting in the wildsof Northern Arizona."Some Axioms of War Work," thesecond of a series of brilliant articles by Arnold Bennett, which willprove a real inspiration to the women of this country who are anxious to assist in war work.Herbert Kaufman has written another sagacious article, "Stars, NotScars," while Ella Wheeler Wilcoxwrites of "Knowledge" as only abrilliant and gifted woman may.Lillie Langtry, the famous beauty, tells of her meeting with oldKing Leopold of Belgium in her interesting memories and Geo. Adecontributes "The Fable of the Riseand the Flight of the Winged Insect," another of his inimitable Fables in Slang.Then, of course, the three vastlyinteresting and absorbing serialsare continued Owen Johnson's"Virtuous Wives," "Camilla," byElizabeth Robins and "The RestlessSex," by Robert W. Chambers.E3 153 S3ORDNANCE SERVICE NEEDINGTHOUSANDS OF MECHANICSSeveral thousand men with experience as mechanics, machinists,blacksmiths and storage battery experts are needed for the motor section of the Ordnance Department ofthe army. Applicants will be graded as first-class Sergeants or Ordnance Sergeants after a specialcourse in the handling of motordriven vehicles, tanks and field artillery at one of the ordnance training camps.MAGAZINEWtttTTT SO TOU AM UNDERSTAND IT360 ARTICLES 360 ILLUSTRATIONSBETTERTHANEVER15c a copyAt Your NewsdealerYearly Subscription $1.50Send for oar new free catclog of mechanical bookPopular Mechanics MagazineNerth Michigan Avenue, ChicageProfessional Cards.WM, GRANNANAt(orneyatLawROOMS 40102. 'FIRST NAT'L BANK BUILDINGI DR. WM. KENNEYEye, Ear, Nose rand Throat.ROOMS 403-404.FIRST NAT'L BANK BUILDING.PHONE 136.yralTo Recall the OperatorMove the Hook SLOWLY!VWhen you move your receiver hookup and down to recall the telephone operator, what you really do is to turnon and off a small electric sig- lnal light on the switchboard before her.'1Of course, when you try to turnthe little switchboard light on and offtoo rapidly, like any other electriclight, it may not glow.It is important, therefore, that youmove the hook SLOWLY, so that thelight will glow and the operator willknow you are trying to attract her atten-,tion.That's why the quickest way to re-ball the operator is to remove the receiver hook up and down SLOWLY.CUMBERLAND TELEPHONEAND TELEGRAPH COMPANYIncorporated, r BOX 122, FRANKFORTf KY.By agreement between, the WarDepartment, the Postoffice Department and Express Companies, theCommanding General, Hoboken, N.J., is designated as the forwardingagent for the re-routing and shipment of all express and mail matter,intended as Christmas presents, forultimate delivery to the Americanexpeditionary forces.The Adams Express Company isheartily co-operating with the WarDepartment to facilitate to the greatest possible extent the prompt movement and delivery of Christmas boxesto our expeditionary forces abroad,which includes the ambulance andaviation service taken over bythe army. The special arrangementsdo not apply to shipments addressed to Red Cross, Y. M. C. A., Knightsof Columbus or other organizationsoutside the army.All shipments by express shouldbe packed in wooden boxes, limitedto twenty (20) pounds in weight,measure not more than two cubicfeet in volume, be well strapped, andshould have a hinged or screw top tofacilitate opening and inspecting.No food products, other than thoseenclosed in cans or glass jars, shouldbe packed in such shipments.Boxes must be fully, correctly andlegally addressed and conspicuouslymarked, "Christmas Box." The consignee's name, company, regiment orother organization, followed by thewords, "American ExpeditionaryForces," should appear in the address. All boxes will be waybilled toHoboken, N. J., in care of the Commanding General and the Government will undertake the transportation of the these Christmas boxesfrom New York to the ExpeditionaryForces abroad free of charge fromNew York. No export license, invoices or other customs papers arerequired.These boxes will be admitted toforeign countries free of duty.Perishable articles should not besent.The principal articles prohibitedare intoxicants of all kinds, inflammable materials, including frictionmatches, or composition which maykill or injure another or damageother goods. The CommandingGeneral, Hoboken, New Jersey, willcause every box to be opened andstrict search made to see that nothing of an explosive or other dangerous character is loaded aboard ship.Owing to the great demand ontransportation space, patrons areurgently requested to make theirpackages as small as possible, preferably not exceeding ten pounds inweight, as we are advised that smallboxes will be given preference inshipment in order to accommodatethe greatest number of persons.The shipment of Christmas boxesmay begin immediately but no boxeswill be forwarded overseas which donot reach Hoboken, N. J., on or before December 5, 1917. IThe name and complete address ofboth the consignee and sendershould be written on a piece of paperor cardboard and enclosed within thebox.All employees have been instructed to give these Christmas boxesespecial attention. Careful handlingand preferred service are necessary.We will do our part to insure theprompt and safe arrival at the frontof all these reminders of home anithe holidays for our boys who areoffering everything they-have to ourcountry.IS lEi S$100 REWARD $100The readers of this paper will bepleased to learn that there is at leastone dread disease that science hashp?n able to cure in all its stages andthat is catarrh. Catarrh being greatly infliiATip.Gd bv constitutional condi-Itions requires constitutional treat-I II Kill. iiou o ja,.M.m. .taken internally and acts throughthe blood on the Mucous Surfaces ofthe System thereby destroying thefoundation of the disease, giving thepatient strength by building up theconstitution and assisting nature indoing its work. The proprietors havebo much faith in the curative powersof Hall's Catarrh Medicine that theyoffer One Hundred Dollars for anyrase that it fails to cure. Send forlist of testimonials.Address F. J. CHENEY & CO.,Toledo, Ohio. Sold by all Druggists,75 cents.(nov-addv)SHARP, STABBDKJ PAINSOften Tell of Weak Kidneys AJaris Resident Shows YouWhat To Do.The sharp twinge of pain in thesmall of the back that strikes youafter any sudden twist or awkwardmotion, may tell of weak kidneys.And there are often disturbances ofthe urine too frequent urination,scalding or burning pain duringpassage, discolored urine and sediment. Doan's Kidney Pills are preparedespecially for weakened kidneys,kidney backache and urinary disorders have proven their merit inthousands of cases. Doan's are endorsed throughout the civilizedworld the are recommended byParis residents.Chas. Stewart, tinsmith, Lilieston avenue, Paris, says: "I hadthree or four attacks of lumbago inthe past few years, the first beingthe worst. My back was a dull,constant ache all the time and oftensharp, cutting pains darted throughit. Sometimes I thought I couldhardly endure the misery. Doctors'medicine was of no avail and somehow I got hold of Doan's KidneyPills, procuring them from the Ardery Drug Co. The first box helpedme and I continued taking them until cured of the attacks. Returnspells since then have always beenslight, and Doan's Kidney Pills havenever failed to relieve me."Price 60c, at all dealers. Don'tsimply ask for a kidney remedy getDoan's Kidney Pills the same thatMr. Stewart had. Foster-MilburnCo., Props., Buffalo, N. Y. (adv)'lea Pa RaJudge T. L. Burnett, of Louisville,the last member of the ConfederateCongress, is dead. To have belongedto that body was sufficient honorfor any man.The Bourbon LaundryDWIS & FUNK, Props.Telephone No. 4.West 5 Streetl ilk .-r tI M ill-? -JUST SXnfca j. -om w 3Z&f:HHi5Jt v -Z3JrA5fF..T A,r -v v -'' x t -WSsUlaP5SrSff:r ?Satisfaction is OarWatchwordWith all the latest improvements in laundryappliances and experthelpers we are preparedto do work inferior tonone, and solicit yourpatronage.KENTUCKY TRACTION& TERMINAL COMPANYInterurban Schedule.ParisforLexington6:45 a. m.7:30 a. m.8:15 a. m.9:00 a. m9;45 a-m.11:15 a. m.12:45 p. m.CARS LEAVE2:153:454:305:156:056:508:1510:05 p. m.m.m.m.m.m.m.m.LexingtonforParis6:00 a. m.7:20 a. tn.8:00 a. m.8:50 a. m.10:20 a11:50 a1:20 p2:50 p3:30 p4:20 p5:00 p6:00 p. ui.7:20 p. m.9:10 p. m11:00 p. m.Bourbon Laundry,Paris" Kentucky.:; ,,ss j( vv 'rw rT'381&K&&mm) Woods In Leslie's(The most war-picturtthe best war-picturesfirst, in&Leslie'sn rnuM m mw CMiiCAHAL BROS.BARBER SHOPPrompt and Courteous Attention toPatrons.HOT AND COLD BATHS.Whenyoufeeltont!!voujT. tired, worried or despondent it h rsuresignyouneedMOTT'SNERVERINI!PILLS'. They renew the normal vigor an!make life worth living. Be sure and ask faMerit's Nerverine Pills g&gTWILLIAMS MFG. CO . Prop.. CIrlaad. OfcfaoBEROORFER. The Druggist.(rTwin Bros.' Department StoreSeventh and Main Streets, Paris Ky.ThanksgivingCheerTable LinensTowelsPillow SlipsEtc.Replenish yourlinen supply now.JtJSjjJSThanksgivingSaleof allLADIES' HATS,SUITS AND COATSat remarkably lowprices.FITPQf A" new and up-to-date iniUJaiJI sets and separate pieces.FURS!-&la la wA COLLEGE MAN'S VIEWThe "International" is the stockman's school of efficiency. Neverhas there been a time when therewas sucli need of efficient methodsin meat production. Never has therebeen such need of a marshaling ofall resources and all forces for production on the farms of the UnitedStates. The "International" willimpress lessons of conservation andefficiency in production of incalculable value. These lessons will havea special significance in view of theunusual conditions now existing.No man engaged in a great enterprise such as farming and food production, at a time when the best results are vital to the nation's existence, can afford to fail to secure information that wil add to his efficiency and strengthen the serviceshe can render. This is the meaning of the International Live Stock"Exposition at Chicago the first weekREAL ECONOMYMeans Buy Your Winter Supplyof Necessary Clothing Now.When the time comes for us to replenish our tockprices will be greatly advanced. Present prices JonMen's and Boys' Suits, Overcoats, Underwear, Shoes,Etc., are very reasonable at our store.ViLET US HELP YOU SAVE !Twin Bros. Clothing and Shoe Dept.619, Main Street, Paris, Ky. "r We Give and Rcdttm tlut Trading StampsTVin December.V- v. - '- i-A , &2&fcr. " - -JK' -rsv??.(vr 94 "Ifi Oa.i -1 A" - .?v w --ft-S3v1mmimmmIUHHIlHIHlMmnilllllllMllllllllHlllllllllcf THE PARI GRAND AND ALAMOpwi"ii"w"""WRI The J. T. Hinton Co.UNDERTAKERSAND EMBALMERSMainfind SixthStreetsParis Kv.Day phone 36Night : . . 56or Home 286Motor equipment.Ambulance calls promptly attended to with ourLimousine Invalid Coach.Hearse used for funeral purposes only.v v vv v v v v v v v "It,ff1ii,vvvvvimvvvvvvv'lftjPvvvvvKi'vv'SSMSMSS!MILLERSBURG i DEATHS." a.Friday,, November 23WM. DESMONDin Triangle Play"TIME LOCKSAND DIAMONDS"The story of a gentleman crook who triesto go straight and wins."A TOY OP FATE"Triangle Comedy with Popular Players.Pathe Weekly News No. 89Saturday, November 24MARY ANDERSONWith Alfred Whitmanin Blue Ribbon-Vitagraph Feature ."The Flaming Omen"A pulsing love drama of the call of race.Lawrence Lemon in 'TOUGHLUCK AND TIN LIZZIES Big V Comedy.Billy West in two-part comedy,'THE CHIEF COOK." .Monday, November 26ELSIE FERGUSONandPEDRO DE CARDOSOIN"Barbary Sheep"Adapted from Robert Hutchin's famousstory. A splendid Aircraft picture.Also AftBUCKLE COMEbYTitle to be announced later.PricesAt the Alamo Children 5c war tax lc; Adults 15c-war tax 2c.At the Paris Grand -Children 5c-war tax lc; Adult 15c-war tax 2c.Colored persons, Children 5c-war tax lc; Adults 10c-war cax lc.ORCHESTRAAlamo -2 to 5:3Rarls Grand 7 to 10:30Mrs. William Williams, of Win- . FISHER.Chester, is a guest of Mrs. Joe Wil- The funeral of Mrs. Delilahliams. I Fisher, widow of Thomas Fisher,Mrs. K. D. Jones, who has heea who died of paralysis Wednesdaysick for several weeks, improves ; morning at her home on Two-MileSlowly. ' P"-e, in ciarii county, was neia yesMesdames Belle Taylor and Anna Darnell and Mr. J. R. Long continue about the same.Miss Cornelia Beeding left Tuesday for a visit to her niece, Mrs. R.S. Hudson, at "Flemingsburg.-The ladies of the Baptistterday afternoon at the home, withservices conducted by Elder M. P.Lowry, of Winchester. The burialtook place in the Railsback buryingground.Mrs. Fisher is survived by sevenchildren, Thos. Fisher and Mrs. Jno.Galleher, of Bourbon county; Chas,-church will hold their annual j Fisher, "of Illinois; Mrs. Frank Ba-Charistmas bazar Saturday, Decern"faer 1st.Mr. and Mrs. Bishop Delaneyinoved Wednesday from room in the3est Flat, to Paris, Mr. Delaneyjliaving secured a position as firemanon the X.. & N.-The Red Cross Society is nowROSS-BABER.Friends in this city of the bridewere surprised Tuesday to learn ofthe marrias:e in Winchester. Mon-no vv jnf-tnitoil i rmw minrtp.rs in "Rest . .. .'auowiiu - t . w . nnnnaA ' to Mr. Marcus .Luther Baber.Jlat, and the rooms will be -opened , Both are residents of tne Becondida-frtv wwin? nn Mondavs. Tuesdays. .... , , ,-.. , . ,-., ww . 0 ., ": t vicinity, tne Driae Deing tne youngThursdays and Fridays of each; . danrh-t.r of Mr ad Mrshnber, and Mrs.Clark county.Ben Hutsell, of-veek.PUBLIC SALE. I will sell on'-Saturday, November 24, beginnin;est daughter of Mr. and Mrs. Thos.J. Ross, of near Bedford Station,and a sister of Miss Chlora Ross, of, Pans, Mr. Dillard Ross, of Escondij .j . -' . laiwi Alii., luioiu hujo, ui uovuuui--at 10 o'clock, a. in., my entire dLf and Mrs Green Moore, of Covtock of livery outfit, comprising ington. She is a handsome and atiorses, buggies, wagons, harness, i tractive young woman. The groometc. I will also sell at the same js a yoUng farmer who has beentime a house and lot on Fifth ( making his home with Mr. and Mrs.-street. Terms made known on day i ross about a year,of sale. For further information, The ceremony was performed incall on or address, I Winchester, Monday afternoon, atELLIS D. BALDWIN, the residence of the officiating miu-'(20-2t) Millersburg, Iv3r. j ister, -Rev. J. W. Harding. AfterThe M. M. I football team will a short bridal trip Mr. and. Mrs.-close their season Friday at three ' Baber returned to the home of theT M., on the home grounds, when J bride's parents, where they will rethey will meet the Cynthiana High side in the future.52Mirvnl nn the erridiron held. Tlicteam is in good condition and has"been coached for several weeks byMr. T. K. Smith, of Paris, formerStudent of M. M. I., who played full-backsuccessfully on the Transylvawia tpam fnr several years. TheBALLENGER.William T. ("Sweetheart")Ballenger, aged fifty-four, a formerlesident of Millersburg, and formany years Jailer of Fayette counter a Ions: illness-Mr. Ballenger had been a residentof Millersburg for many years, andwas at one time Marshal of thatof his father, Mr. Wm. Harney, on 'the Ruddles Mills pike, at two 'o'clock, Tuesday afternoon, with ,services conducted by Rev. J. R.Jones of Cynthiana. The burial took :place in Battle Grove Cemetery, atCynthiana, with committal servicess at the grave by the Odd Fellows' Lodges.Mr. Harney had been actively engaged in farming until the dreadedwhite plague fastened upon him,and his health gradually failed.He was a brother of C. A. Harneyand Grover Harney, of near Ruddles Mills. Besides his parents he issurvived by the following brothersand sisters: A. B. Harney, of nearLair; C. A. and Grover Harney, ofRuddles Mills; Harry Harney, ofRepublican, Harrison county; Mrs.J. R. Dotson, of Cynthiana; Mrs. C.A. Smiley, of Republican, Harrison icounty; Mrs. Fred Westfall, of Winchester; Mrs. Monroe Withers, ofWinchester.BIRTHS. IIn Salem, New Jersey, to the 2wife of Mr. Merritt Shobe, formerlyMiss Margaret Butler, of Paris, a Jnun uui -latentm uiernit snoDe, jr.A daughter was born Mondayto Mr. and Mrs. Wallace Douglass,at Middleesboro. Mr. Douglas is ason of Mr. and Mrs. Jas. Douglass,of Paris.At Elizabeth Station, nearFaris, to the wife of Mr. MortonBowman, formerly Miss Tansie Arthur, of Lexington, a son, JamesHenry Morton.jMr. and Mrs. Vernon Leer, ofRichmond, are being congratulatedupon the birth of a handsomedaughter, who came to grace theirhome. Mr. Leer is a former resident of Bourbon county, a brotherof Mrs. Ben Buckley, of near Jacksonville.?5 38 l ?HAHD SEAECHIIGHTiMITCHELL.Mr. George H. Mitchell, agedeighty-six, a pioneeT Bourbon county citizen, died Wednesday eveningof Bright's disease at the home ofhis son, Mr. Frank Mitchell, nearShakespeare, this county.Mr. Mitchell had been an invalidfor several years, confined to hisroom at Millersburg, where he resided. Following the sudden deathof his son, Mr. Charles Mitchell, atthe St. Charles Hotel, in Paris, somevisiting at the home of his son, Mr. ful reflector, a heavy focusing lens, IFrank Mitchell, where he died. i and is nnpmtpn" hv sprpni drv hnt. !- - ' . I " rv.w.v. J UW.W. WJ w..Mr. Mitchell is survived by one , teries Tlie whole ig put up in adaughter, Mrs B F. Lancaster, of . compact imechanism with a stoutv-UviiigLuii, uiiu iuui auiia, , uutvaiuMitchell, Russell Mitchell and Mor-A powerful searchlight has beendevised which may be carried about, Jby hand. The new searchilght re-"!i a:!sembles tjie electric bull's-eye lantern in its portability, but it is builton tne principles or tne Dig searcn-,Vtoon I lisrhts nspd in war. It hn n. nnwpr. 'UWL I --C -- w J-w ..handle above from which the case;J J Tl i AJ A 1Jton Mitchell, of Millersburg, and ueuu&' AL 1 Beuieu LU "uu uu"Kodak in CampFrom reveille to taps, each hour will bring something;new into the life of every young soldier. New surroundings, new habits, new faces and new friendships willmake for him a new world a world full of interest to himto-day and a world upon which he will often dwell inmemory when peace has come again. And this new worldof his offers Kodak opportunities that will relieve the tedium of camp routine at the time, and will afterwardprovide what will be to him and hia friends the most interesting of all books his Kodak album.The parting gift, a Kodak. Let us show you.DAUGHERTY BROS.FIFTH AND MAIN STS.Frank Mitchell, of Shakesneare. i merous applications m war.The funeral will be held from the1-irTv rf 1VTt Pro-nV TVf if nlipll TiPnni'tnrra lootriricr Ti a rocidanna of rrt wwWwwWWwWwwWwWWWo'clock p. m. The burial willtake.place in the Millersburg Cemetery,with services conducted at thegrave by Rev. C. O. Cossaboom, pastor ofchurch.the Millersburg Christian.la ii laMATRIMONIAL.tiMimMimwiwtiwiwiiiiwiwiwwww! mmmmmaammmmmmmmimmmmmammmmammmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmtmmmmmmmtmmmmmmmmmmmammmmmmimmmmmmmmmmI 1SSsms 1 11 1 u u u A ' V !--L3SSSS ill M Mr k iz .Izua team iui ocvuoi jv.a,. -"w , ". - . - . , m" ;same is looked forward to with con- ty, died in Covington, Tuesday, af-siderable interest. All who are interested in football should take advantage of this opportunity.mi .:-...- lArm r'nn m iTrTiinTl ixne Aimij' wu6c iwi 'placeiHas recently ueen remuucieu, " Aft movinr to Lexington heVaBexed and painted, was opened at r "5. figure tnnoH-L-regular ineetlng Tuesday even-1 rnaing, for the first time since , my uu.'lodge having conducted meetmgb f()r terms After resince then m he ajlock lodge offlce he becam9Toom of J. 0. 0 F. The attendance tobacco busines3as Sd'TOns;derabe'?unesT!ni About two years ago he moved to-transacted, and most of the money he hag sinceraised hy private subscriptions from j tothe -members to liquidate the mdebt-, Bailentrer is survived by two.eauess of the recent improvements.! JAt the.close of the meeting all re- Jfea at the impaired to the dining room below, l'&,-where oysters with trimmings , Bruce Ballenge whojere served, after which a ddight- j on Versaiiies pike, neartf ul smoker was enjoyed in the lodge t Lexingtonroom for about an hour. The social, The fun'eral and burial took placefeatures of the f? , in Covington, Wednesday afternoon,feasant and enjoyed by all present. ,r. and Mrs. -W. G. Dailey, while ' STORMS HOLT,-returning from Paris, Tuesday af-.-ternobn, came near meeting with a Relatives a'nd friends of theserious, if not fatal, accident. They 'groom in this city? have received-were in. their automobile, and while beautifully engraved cards an-.crossing the railroad near the ) nouncing the marriage of. Mr. Ed-"bridge, their machine became en- ward Simms Holt, formerly of Paris,ttangled in the rails, and in an effort ' to Miss Abigail Storms, of Salt Lake-to force the machine over the track City, Utah. The happy event took'it turned sidewise. Dr. Dailey 'place at the home of the bride'sstopped his engine at the time. The mother, Mrs. Jennie Storms, in Saltr-pouth-bound passenger train due at Lake City, on October 30. The an-Millersburg, at 5:16, was at the t nouncement reads as follows:'depot. Dr.' Dailey at once took in- "Mrs. Jennie Storms announcesthe situation and realized that it the marriage of her daughter, Abi-rwouia Tie impossible to extricate t gail, to Mr. Edward Simms Holt,the machine from the track before Tuesday, October thirteenth, nine-"the train, reached there. They im-,teen hundred- and seventeen, Saltmediately left the machine, and as Lake City. At home after Novem-'the train approached, repeated ef-, ber fifteenth, No. 1, Miller Apart-forts were made to flag it, which ments."vfras not heeded. Mrs. Dailey, in; The groom is a son of Mrs. Benfief vain attempts removed her coat ' Holt, of Paris, and has been en-iid in her frantic effort waved it gaged in the oil business, with head-xtolently The train was not stopped quarters at Salt Lake City. He is a-nntil it ran into the machine, com- prosperous and industrious youngJi-, mMirii0- u The section business man. His bride is a charm-crew had been doing some repairs ing young woman of many graces ofon the road at this point, new ties character.had been put in, which had not been ,filled in which made it difficult to ( - HARNEY,force a machine over the track. The funeral of Mr. Omer HarHowever there was no one present ney aged forty-one, who died in-or no sign exposed to warn traffic Lexington, Sunday morning, of tu-the impending danger. ' terculosis, was held at the residenceJAMES THOMPSON.Mrs. Mollie Nesbitt James announces the marriage of her daughter, Miss Matilda James, to Mr.George C. Thompson, Jr., of nearFaris. The wedding, will take placein this city sometime in December.The bride-elect is one of the mostcharming and attractive young women in Paris, one whose graces ofcharacter have made her a socialfavorite. The prospective groom isthe son of Mr. and Mrs. Albert S.Thompson, of near Paris, and is ayoung man of sterling worth. He isa nephew of Mrs. Swift Champe, ofParis, and Messrs. James H. Thompson, I. D. Thompson, of Paris, andHenry Thompson, of Winchester.Miss James is a sister of Mr. Cornelius James, of Paris, now in theUnited States Navy; Mr. Lawrence.lames, in the U. S. army service inTexas, and Mr. Julian James, ofParis, and a niece of Mr. Harry 0.James, of this city.WITHERS ROGERSThe marriage of Miss CatherineAshbrook Withers to Mr. VernonLawrence Rogers, Jr.,.jof Lorman,Mississippi, was celebrated on Wednesday afternoon at 5 o'clock, theRev. I. J. Spencer officiating. It wasa beautiful wedding at the home ofthe bride's parents, Mr. and Mrs.William T. Withers onWest Highstreet, in Lexington, and only relatives and one or two intimatefriends were present.After congratulations had beenreceived the wedding supper wasserved in several courses. Later inthe evening the couple left for Cincinnati and from there will go Eastand after a visit of several weeksthey will go to Lorman to maketherr home, and enroute will stopin Memphis, Tenn., for a visit toMr. Rogers' parents.The bride is the second of fourcharming daughters of the home.She is handsome and attractive, afavorite with all who know her.Mr. Rogers is a son of Mi. andMrs. Vernon Lawrence Rogers, ofMemphis. He is very popular anahighly esteemed and is now makinghis home in Lorman, Mississippi,where he has a beautiful plantation.They were remembered with majiygifts.Amrmp- tnp. quests nresent at thewedding and the reception, whichfollowed were ,tne ionowingfrom Paris: Mr. and Mrs. JohnDavis, Mrs. Katherine Davis Craigand Mrs. Jos. Davis, Jr.; and Mr.and Mrs. Rodney Withers, of Cynthiana.JWa& T tHMMltt?-?WI That Should Crowd OurStore All This Week!UP - TO - THE - MINUTE MEN'S,I WOMEN'S AND CHILDREN'SSEASONABLE FOOTWEARAlso Winter Boots, Felts Rubbers and House Slippers of All8 Kinds at Prices which Offer Great Savings to Our CustomersS At no store in Paris and its vicinity can you find such de-S pendale footwear in the newest styles and at such wonder-S ful savings. Our successful advance purchases, volume ofJ business, low expenses and cash make these great off er-ings to our customers possible.Ladies' Gun Metal Boots$1 .99 and $2.49Ladies' Black EnglishBoots $2.99Ladies'Havana Brown English Boots $3.95Ladies' Black Kid High CutBoots, Louis or mediumheel $3.95Men's High Grade Russ.TanEnglish Shoes.. $3.49Men's Gun MetalShoes, .'buttonand lace $2.99Men's Tan WorkShoes $2.49Men's Gun MetalShoes $1.99-JterBoys', Misses' and Children's High QualityShoes at Great Bargain Prices.DAN COHENWhere Beauty and Economy ReignParis' Greatest Shoe Store88iIi. c tsr . ; - v A 4' 7 ;vvi A37. i V E- Av-. ? t-