J .V''i,;. o 4p&&THENEWSifx"-fe114?"" &?rv .u "-f?,jJ ." I W - Vr4PUBLISHED EVERY TUESDAY AND FRIDAY IN THE YEAR.VOLUME XXXVIIPARIS, BOURBON COUNTY, KENTUCKY, F&3DAY, NOVEMBER 16 1917' s ... X ,BOURBONEr V A-HARMY Y. M? C. A. COMMITTEEISSUES A STATEMENT.Iletter tootarv f rr !Ti-ociHpnt Wilson, in aJohn R. Mott, jsauonai secretary -ui ,tile 1 . ! -' A- ei"PUt:Wil'co "-"c "vv"for unanimity and a unity" of support for the Association's campaign-lor a War Work Fund.""The special campaign for $35,000 000 which the Y. M. C. A. hasinaugurated," writes the President,"is of vital importance to the workof increasing the contentment andefficiency of our citizen army, is fundamental in making morals the basisof all our people. I bespeak for it aunanimity and a unity of effort andof gifts to speed this patriotic andpractical work forward to abundantand complete success."The local committee has interpreted this message as a direct appealto this district to do its share inwinning the war and portecting theboys who are bearing the burden ofhumanity's conflict.With the formal opening of the; rrx etnnp is to be left UI1-tnmpd in the determined enort toturned m ine au0tted thissecure the full quota 10"eQ Jni ;turned in the determined effort todistrict. In a work as important, iuthe success of the national arm.. ,i ..!n1 - fho "nrPSerVatlOn Olir. . .4-r,4- m. nliollanara -ittqc tir1.and as vuai i- "- -the Christian manhood of the Allied jxs i, lnn-ii onmrnittee feelsCOUnuiea. i-" wx-that failure to meet the requirementsin funds would be little short of acommunity disgrace.Indications at the moment, accord-in-to members of the committee,are most heartening. There is everysi-n that the people of the community3 have not been slow to recognizetne necessity for just the work theHed Triangle is doing, and the importance of its support and extension The committee is expectinrd is confident it win ie- ., t liberal support of all citizens mmost libera1 suPP intenigentlySSScSTS Ummtar7success, and deoutly concerned for the .mat jrWand spiritual welfare of the boys inhaki " It is to these two ends that!r' ., n a working and meanso continue Avorking, through theUtriotic support of this community.. 4.,r of inrere. In theoni tie COUUUJ "it .nwimittPA!V1T1 President has appealed toyou. You will not fail him."TOO "T ffiaffMANSHELD. ARRESTEDLast AugustTrTo nfof"formerly of Paris, now a resident ofScoU county, -sim-flammedof S3.800 in Cincinnati by a smoo-nstranger, who had a sure winner atan Extern track. The story in itstirity. was reprinted from Cincinnati papers InJTHB WS.Cincinnati police and de tec tivesmMr. Mansfield's employ, have after along search, succeeded in locatingthe swindler. The Cincinnati En-IteXe Dan han has obtained requisition papers to take to Gov.Cox for the return of P. J- Owens,alias 'Red' Owens, nnderamrtmJacksonville. Fla., 80on charge of having obtained moneyby false pretenses from John Man,field Georgetown, Ky."6wens, who is said to .tional reputation is alleged i to Laveframed' Mansfield for a lake bet uponThorse called High Wave at theSinton Hotel, August : M Jtot"Mansfield was induced to put upS3.S00, and a 'friend' o Owenswas supposed to have put Wing ?v5on0uT000Whut MaSanevrbnedl0sh,Of Owens af-ter that, it is charged.n a P5TTTcrr-pn-RM RANK KNIGHTS OPPSlAENTERTAIN.Thp a J :Lovel Company, UnitoRan. Knights of Pythias entertained their wives, nU k swe, j ,.,-citin? brothers ai aHearts aim i- o .,..:.most enjoyable social sess.on.ntherrCastle Hall at xn"- ,Greets on Wednesday night.St Three long tables, tta "National colors. usfJa Jseventy-five guests, who Ptoolc oiasubstantial repast PJJ:der the direction JfBndlev who as host, aid the nonuimosJ "gracefully. Oyster soup followed by refreshments of a most appetizing nature, was se rved to Oe-uests Several short talks wereSe by member of the e . Mthe conclusion of the social sMrs. Carrie F. 8Woods Clancey were recew rthe Pythian auxiliary, tne iryt"Sisterhood.BOY; GUN-!"wOTND; DOCTOR!While playing with an air gunyesterday at the home of his parents,Mr. and Mrs. Robert Frank, Robt.Prank, Jr., was painfully injuredwhen the weapon was dischargedThe bullet struck a rock, deflectedand flew back, striking young Frankin the mouth, making a painfulwound in his upper lip, and lacerating the gum of the upper jaw. Aphysician was summoned and theyoung man's wound given attention.CLENDENIN LEADSTHE AGENCY FORCEof The Northwestern Mutual Life In-r - -- .-.surance uompany or monxn oiOctober Has Half Million"Paid-For."The Honor Roll Card of the Northwestern Mutual Life InsuranceCompany for October shows that Mr.R. F. Clendenin, of Paris, Ky., As-jjuuiaue vxeiieiai .ueL, iea,us tue en-UUOXCbk UCUClOl .&C, ICOUO IC CItire agency force of 6.000 agents inthe United States, in the number of.men insured for the month, thisbeing the third time that Mr. Clen-.denin has led the entire agency!force in the past ten nionths. His 'record for the ten months is an even Ihalf million dollars of insurance paidfor. jjli. aeii ciiiu, wiiu ia uuc uj. uiivbest posted and most tireless workersin the insurance field, has been highly successful in the insurance business, and his methods of getting newbusiness have been so successfulthat other agents throughout thecountry are eager 'to adopt his system of campaigning.rnl - wsxw n -vim V.1 .- -rrrvA 4-f" in f3 V1fmc iCmaiRaUJC .tw.u a .uu UJMr. Clendenin is, in part.the resulta natlon.wide contest for newu.ir.:nnKK l--J r- xmcrari Vir Q trail fo ffuuaiucao uciug , uj (,. v-.wuicu wulcoi ui vixaiiiie, ..j i.poseu Dy Mr. Clendenin himself.OCU UJ I'll. vyiJ.ivivii i......-.Tn q rpnpnt lpttpr from the mainoffice of the Northwestern Mutualkee, Wis., Mr. Clendenin's successes Inave Deen recognizea uy me uwuofficials as follows:Milwaukee, Wis., Nov. 7, 1917.Mr. R. F. Clendenin,Paris, Ky.Dear Mr. Clendenin:I wish to congratulate you onleading all the agents of the companylast month on number of lives insuipH Thp figures have just been tel.ephoned me by tne iew iuij partment crediting you withi. This is an hinor of whicephoned me by the New York De-snt crediting you wnu .72i;,rc TViic ic on tirtnor or wrmcn anye fho nnmTn-nv Tna.v well beproud, and I am beginning to thinkthat the Marathon Club is very aptto have a new President next July.T am confiedently looking forwardtr. vnnr maintaining or exceedingduring the rest of the agent's yearthe monthly reCord you have beenlT,,j,viTiers;Very truly yours,M. H. O. WILLIAMS,Ass't Supt. of Agencies.Milwaukee Wis.. Nov. 7, 1917.nr. nianrloniTi' TiiRr. STOt theMarathon Club report. You re doing L-. . t.- it- .. vnn Iwonderful worK. jveey iu u. -Y"will smash all records.Yours very truly,W. D. DALLAS,Agency Department.Mr. C. D. Rodman, General Agentfor the Northwestern InsuranceCompany, in Kentucky, also sent Mr.Clendenin the following letter, commending him highly for his -greatshowing and predicting success toMr Clendenin in the great contestnow being waged by the Northwestprn Agents throughout the UnitedStates:Louisville, Ky., Nov. 12, 1917.Mr. R. F. Clendenin,Paris. Ky.Dear Sir: There is no questionbut what you will be president of theMarathon Club, if you maintainvour present pace. It would certainly be gratifving to every man connected with this agency for Kentuckyto have the honor or having one ofits organization to be the leader inthe United States for the entire year.I know you will render the serviceto the policy-holders, and if the policy-holderswill co-operate with you,the honor seems to be assured. .Yours very truly.J. D. RODMAN,General Agent.rri m mANOTHER "SUSPECT" ARRESTEDA young man giving his name afHerbeit Armes, residence anywhere,was placed under arrest by Par3police Tuesday night at Mrs. S. M.Turpin's restaurant, on Tenth street,on suspicion or Deing tne siayer uiDetective Wegener, in Cincinnatiseveral days ago.Mrs. Turpin noted a resemblancef Vio man tn fhp Tlllhlisheddescriptions of the slayer, and called the police. Armes wore a bluosersre suit, light checked cap, andoarred a new 32-caliber revolver.He had in his pocket a match boxwith the name of The Majestic Poolroom, Cincinnati, O., on it. Hisarms were tattooed in different designs. Armes claimed to have just beenreleased from the Frankfort penitentiary, and denied all knowledge ofrobbery in which Wegener lost hislife or of the actual killing. Hewas placed in jail here and taken toCincinnati, Wednesday morning,wTiere he was subjected to a gruelling examination.The examination proved thatArmes was not the man wanted norcould anything be produced in theway of evidence to connect hn withthe affair in any way.of Armes in four little lines, as follows: "A man brought here from Paris,Ky., as a suspect in the Wegenercase is not the man sought, policeannounce."-OPENING OP THE LOCAL TOBACCO MARKET.The first sales of the present season on the local tobacco market willbe held at the Bourbon TobaccoWarehouse, on South Main street,on Tuesday morning, December 4,beginning at nine o'clock. Thelarge display advertisement of thiswarehouse appears in this issue ofTHE NEWS.So, when you see a big wagonload of good tobacco coming intoParis next month, you will be looking at something representing atleast $1,000 in real money. A number of sales have been made in thecounty at thirty cents, which ispretty good this early in the seasonbefore the market opens!For tlfree seasons the Paris market has been one of the best in Kentucky, and has been the means ofputting a considerable sum ofmoney in circulation in Paris andBourbon county. It is confidentlypredicted this season will" be equallyas good, as high prices are likely tobe realized by the growers.Several crops of the weed have already been bought up. Mr. CharlesS. Ball sold his crop of 23,000pounds to Abnee & Mussinon, ofParis, for $23 per hundred pounds.Mr. J. W. Larkin, of near Paris, soldto the same parties his crop of 5,000 pounds of tobacco for $19 perhundred pounds. 'E5 153 ?aGOVERNOR GOES HUNTINGGovernor Augustus Owsley Stanley was an honored guest of Bourboncounty Monday, though the fact did,ndt become known generally untilthe next day.Gov. Stanley came to Paris, Monday, and was met by Mr. Thos.Henry Clay, Jr, The gentlemen donned their hunting clothes and motored to Mr. Clay's big farm nearThatcher's Mill, where they spentthe day in a sportsmanlike manner.'Gov. Stanley proved his marksmanship on wild ducks, and succeedingin bringing down a large number.He and Mr. Clay bagged about onehundred ducks, and both returnedhappy and hungry.E3 IS aDISTRICT FEDERATION OF WOMEN CLUBS.The District Federation of Women's Clubs, which includes Bourboncounty, will meet in Winchester inFebruary, and arrangements are being made to make the convention amemorable one. Representative women from various counties will be inatendance, and a good program willbe rendered., :WH KJHUW MWDUXHUNTINGAre you ready to go after the birds? Prepareyourself with a suit of Dux Bak Clothes. Briarproof, water proof and warm the only kind that thebriars won't snag up, and that the water won't soakthrough. Everything necessary for the -hunter youwill find at our store.:Dux Bak Waterproof CoatsDux Bak Waterproof PantsDux Bak Waterproof Shell VestsDux Bak Waterproof LegginsDux Bak Hats and CapsWitch Elk Waterproof Hunting ShoesFlannel Shirtsand Heavy Coat SweatersGet ready, men!GUN -Shoot the BIRDS!1 Mitchell &Stetson Hats Manhattan Shirts m Net tleton Shoesx Dr. Reed's Cushion Sole Shoes " -SALE OF AUTO TIRE CAUSES ARi REST OP SUSPECT.The sale of an extra auto tire for$5, with which he intended to. purchase a supply of gasoline, causedthe arrest here of a young man giving his name as Samuel H. Broughton, who subsequently claimed to beLieut. Robt. Jones, of North Middletown. Broughton also gave thename of Samuel Leggett.When placed under arrest Broughton, alias Jones, alias Leggett, worearmy shoes, which led to the suspicion that he was a deserter. Telegraphic com.munication was established with Camp Shelby at Hattiesburg, Miss., eliciting the reply thatBroughton was a deserter, and ordering him delivered to the commanding officer at Ft. Thomas, Ky.Broughton, under vigorous examination, confessed to stealing theauto from Lexington, in 'which heintended to go to Maysville. Themachine was restored to its owner,Mr. Hugh Browning, in Lexington,while Broughton was sent underguard to the army post . at Ft.Thomas, where he will be held forthe Camp Shelby officers.Broughton formerly resided inParis, piaking his home with hisstep-father, Mr. James Leggett, abrother of Mr. Luther Leggett, ofcounty. While a resident of Parisyoung Broughton was in the employof Mr. E. M. Wheeler, as driver ofhis delivery wagon.TS Pd 1SBASSISTANCE NEEDED.A call has been issued by the RedCross Society for a large numberof sweaters and other articles. Theladies of Paris have as a whole responded nobly to the call for helpers at the local Red Cross sewingrooms in the basement of the courthouse. There are several ladies,though, who have not as yet madetheir appearance at the sewingrooms, and they would be heartilywelcomed at any time.The local Chapter now has a sufficient amount of material on hand,and anyone desiring to work need nothesitate a moment in the belief thatthe Chapter will not be. able to supply them with the necessary material. Your presence would be appreciated very much at the Red Crosssewing rooms. There is nothingthat' 'would be -more --appreciatedby the boys now in service thanthe nice warm garments that theRed Cross ladies are busily engagedin making for them. And those surgical bandages and hospital suppliesj may be needed, no one knows howsoon!w w, . IBAKCLOTHESGet the SUIT Get theBuy your clothes fromBlakemore iCLARK COUNTY MAN PROVESPROFESSIONAL HORSE THIEF.Ernest Curley, alias John Smith,who recently stole a valuable horsefrom a Paris liveryman, which hesold to former policeman Ballard, atWinchester, proves, upon investigation, to be a professional in that line.According to the story of UnitedStates Marshal Jno. Elliott, Curleyrepresented himself as a UnitedStates Marshal, and operated thoughseveral counties -under "pretense ofbuying horses for the Governmentservice. He pretended to be operating under the sanction of U." S. Marshal Elliott, his plan being to pickout a fine bunch of horses, statingthat h would purchase them as soonas Mr.- Elliott arrived with themoney. Several days later he" wentto the owners of the horses and explained to them that it was necessary for him to leave at once, andendeavored to get the horses uponhis promise that Mr. Elliott, who iswell known in Estill county, wouUsoon arrive and make the payment.At this point several persons became suspicious, and as Curley's arrest was about to come about hedisappeared with the horse belongingto a Mr. Kenney, which he took under a pretext.ci ?2 jtARMY Y. M. C.A. WEEKANDWEEK OP PRAYER.The week beginning last Sunday,which has been chosen by the WarWork Council of the Young Men'sChristian Association for a nationwide campaign to raise $35,000,000for work among the soldiers andsailors of the United States and herallies, is also the week that has beenobserved for many years by the association as a week of prayer for theyoung men of the world.The general secretary, the Rev.Dr. John R. Mott, has asked that theseason be marked by co-operation inprayer from all the churches, and tothat end he has issued an appeal tothe ministers of all " the evangelicaldenominations.The topics for the week of prayerare grouped under the general head,"United Search for New Discoveriesof the Resources and Guidance ofGod." The topics for the remainderof this week are as follows: Friday,for "Young Men's and Young Women's Christian Associations andKindred Organization;" Saturday,for "The Spirit of Christ In All Fellowships." -n TS 2LANDS GOVERNMENT ORDERPOR ARMY SHOES.It remained for a Paris man to realize the nearness of the war, by being awarded a Government contract. Mr. B. Friedman, of the Cincinnati Store, and the shoe firm ofFriedman & Ashurt yesterday received a letter from Commandant II..N. Royden, of the Kentucky StateUniversity, -at Lexington, advisingthat he (Friedman) had been awarded the Government contract for supplying army shoes to equip theCadet battalion in training at theUniversity.The contract, which was securedthrough Mr. Friedman's son, Mr. EliB. Friedman, of Paris, who is a student at the State University, calls tf orfurnishing between 700 and 800pairs of army shoes of a standardmake and sizes, to be delivered at anearly date, and to be paid for at aspecified agreed price upon deliveryof the goods to the Commandant atthe University. The letter authorizes Mr. Friedman and assistants ostart immediately taking measurements for the shoes.The contract was secured in competition with a number of Lexington, Louisville and Frankfort 'dealers, and is quite a compliment to Mr.Friedman. The contract will totalseveral thousand dollars, and furnish employment to a large numberof employes at the factory. Theshoes will be delivered in lots as ordered by Commandant Royden.J53 fcsMORGAN BROUGHT HERE.Patrolman Wm. Tolle, of Maysville, brought Grover Morgan toParis, Tuesday afternoon, and lefthim in the custody of his formerlandlord, Jailer Joe Farris.Morgan, who was in the Parisjail several weeks ago, on a chargeof stealing $800 worth of diamonds,which he pawned in Lexington for$1, made his escape, but was captured in Maysville, where he was heldon a double charge, being wantedby the Federal authorities.Upon learning of Morgan's character, the army authorities decidedthey would let the civil authoritiestake care of him, so the chargeagainst him of being a deserter wasfiled away.Morgan was arrested in Maysvillefor stealing ten dollars and somesmall change from the trousers pocket of a man at whose home he hadbeen given lodging for the night.He confessed guilty to the charge,but the Maysville authorities did notprosecute him, deciding that Parishad thefirst claim.B0LWING TEAMS PUT UP THREEGOOD GAMES.The first match game played by aParis team with a team outside ofjthe City League was played Fridaynight at the local alleys, with theLexington team, resulting in a victory for the Paris five by a majorityof 264 pins, which, in the vernacular of the knights of the pins, is"going sojne." The high scores weremade as follows: For LexingtonBivins, 185, Adams, 170, Honaker,169, Walker, 167; other scoresranged from 144 to 160, as shown in.the accompanying score: ,LEXINGTON.1 2 3,Bivins 114 163 185Walker 139 145 156Vaughn 160 145 15SHonaker 158 169 14$Adams 118 170 158Totals 698 814 800PARIS.1Thomas 150Duncan 1932 3177 179'157 170Henry 187 169 153Hadden 179 156 159Funk 183 178 187Totals 892ParisLexington837 84825772313Paris' Majority 264On Monday night, following thevictory of the Paris team over theLexington five, the City Leagueschedule was resumed with the gamebetween the T. W. Spicer team andthe Curtis Henry & Co. five, inwhich the latter team scored a victory over the plumbers by a majority of 269. The high scores made inthe game were as follows: For Spicer team Faulkner, 179, Hill, 148and 163; while other scores rangedfrom 110 to 147. For Curtis Henryteam Burgin, 173, Henry. 202,Jones, 165, with scattering scoresmade by other members of the team,ranging from 122 to 153. The scorefollows:CURTIS HENRY & CO.1 23149173163153153'Jones ..... .. .148 165Burgin... !. ..140136122144164Posner..147..152..202WoodsHenryTotals . . .' 789 731 791 -"T. W. SPICER1 2Bridges 122 138 127 ?Faulkner 147 133 179Sadler 110 129 99 -Santen 121 120 SIHill 125 163 148Totals 625 683 634Curtis Henry & Co 2211T. W. Spicer 1942Curtis Henry Majority 269"On Tuesday night at the local alleys a picked team representing theParis Bowling League met a$ crack 'team representing the bowling devotees of Georgetown, and when the'tellers had finished their work, andthe players had donned their streetclothes the score sheets showed aclear majority of .212- pins for the" .Paris bowlers. Paris put up a good,scrappy game, the boys . seeminglyplacing spares and strikes to theircredit with the greatest of ease. Thehigh scores of the game were as follows: For Georgetown Betts andBarkley, with 173 each, Betts, 176,other scores ranging from 122 to160. The score follows:GEORGETOWN.12 3Betts 154 167 176Barkley 173 160 122'Paxton 139 173 131Gibson 137 134 153Allen 154 141 128Total 757 775 710PARIS12 3Thomas ....T. ...201 180 154Hadden 131 169 148Shanklin 123 170 174.Funk 159 165 157Totals 805 850 799Paris 2454Georgetown 2242Paris' Majority 212BOURBON CIRCUIT COURT.The' time of the Court was takenup Wednesday in the trial of thecase of the Commonwealth vs. Chas.Henderson, colored, charged withthe murder of Charles Johnson, colored, near Centerville last June.The testimony presented to the juryproved a case of self-defense forHenderson, resulting in a vote of acquital. In the case of the Commonwealth.vs. Everett Rector, white, of Ruddles Mills, charged with cutting andwounding, the jury failed to agree.a-rifT was discharged. The case wax.I accordingly continued to the nextterm.i'.n1s'.4JTHE BOURBON NEWS, PAMSKY.T TKEDXY, NOYBKBBK lr 9tn-,Till; BOURBON NEWS-abllshed 188135 Years of Continuous Publication.He sets that dish to one side andwades into the many dishes that suithim.It is different with some newspaperreaders. They find an article occasionally that does not suit them exactly and without stopping to thinkit may please hundreds of other readers, make a grandstand play and tellthe editor how the paper should belun and what should be put into it.But such people are becoming fewerevery year.Treatment &Mv '. :'.'M' ?-J'A) : i;ii ralr , LilST rii ttfwwtmtitiifirtHtofttfiiMitMitMtiMi&hMatiMii',riwwmn ,r'mi ',0f0. iKentucky Founded theMoonlight Schoolbllshed Every Tuesday and Friday.r Year... $2.00 Six Months... $1.00. Payable in Advance.'.'.V.-WIFT CrIAMP. Editor and Owner.f AGE TWOx.Jlff9fWHt fri.. ttfff M.ilHiilMWIIIIW - v . x rSX T-JAiy erroneous reflection upon thecharacter, standing or reputation ofany person, firm, or corporation whichma7 appear in the columns of THEBOURBON NEWS will be gladly corrected if brought to attention of theeditor.ADVERTISING RATESDisplay Advertisements, $1.00 perInch for first time; 50 cents per incheach subsequent insertion.Reading Notices, 10 cents per line;each issue; reading notices in blacktype, 20 cents per line, each issue."Cards of thanks, calls on candidates, obituaries and resolutions, andsimilar matter, 10 cents per line.Special rates for large advertisements and yearly contracts.The right of publisher is reservedto decline any advertisement or othermatter for publication.Announcements for political officesmust invariably be accompanied bythe cash.Necessity of Fresh Air.There is nothing like the purefiesh air and sunlight to give vigorto body and mind. Many personsmake a great mistake in remainingindooors and broiling themselves todeath all winter beside the red-hotkitchen stove. They are mortallyafraid of catching a cold. The parents imagine that it is their duty tokeep the children in the house continuously "as soon as frost sears theleaves, and to see that the doors andwindows are closed, and next to airtight, day and night. The parentswant healthy and robust children;but they employ entirely the wrongmethod.Let the children and everybodyelse, have all the life-giving oaone ofthe out-door air possible. The country people have this inestimableadvantage over city people, and theyought to be wise enough to make thebest use of i. The fresh air is justas necessary in winter as it is insummer.MfQcLA i !tbL-- rr2i- JAEHaA Mm'rfVifKM Where You See This S?gIt Goodrich Tires are Stocked8rEDITORIAL MUSINGS. IDangerous Winter Disease.Uronchitis is a winter disease"which is said to be responsible forone-tenth to one-seventh of all illness. It causes an inflammation of thebronchial tubes with the productionof mucus or phlegm. The bronchiare the tubes which xead from thetrachea into the lungs. The first partof the air tube is the nose. Thisleads into the back of the mouth,called the pharynx. The next part ofthe tube, commonly called the windpipe, which conducts air from thearea in which the vocal cords arethough the neck and into the chestat the root of the lungs. Here thetrachea divides into two bronchi,one running to each lung.When this passage becomes inflamed and produces mucus it irritates the throat and causes the patienf to cough in order to get rid ofit. Accompanying the cough may befever, loss of appetite and diarrhoea.The infection responsible for thesedisorders is caused by a germ. Inmore than 50 per cent, of the cases of"bronchitis the germ responsible isthe -same germ that causes commoncolds.Other cases of bronchitis are duetb the same germ that causes pneuanonia. To prevent acute cases of bronchitis the first rule is to keep awayfrom all persons known to be suffering with the disease.Avoid hot, close rooms where theair is known to be stale and dirty.If strong enough to stand it takea cold sponge or a cold air bathevery day thoughout the winter.If you do catch the disease it can"be cured quickly if the victim goesto bed and stays there quietly for aday or two at the first signs of theattack. , - T """The Matter of Sleep.It- is" surprising what little sleepmen can get on with; then, not a fewmen we think they are getting onlyan hour or two of sleep a night, arcyeally getting much more; but because they awake or are awakenedfive or six times during the nightthey think they sleep very little inbetween. Nothing is so fallacious asiour estimate of how long we havebeen asleep. Usually when we awakefeeling so tired that we hope it is"before midnight, it is probably nearly time to get up. Only too often,indeed, is is after the time.Peeling rested "is very largely amatter of how much our wills areawakened, how firmly we have gotliold of ourselves, and then how interesting is the work ahead of us,and how anxious we are to get upand get at it, while feeling fatiguedis very much a matter of not wantingto get up, because the work of complications, and not promising at best,and has, perhaps, been put off forthree or four days because we do notcre to get at it.Do You Like Our Town?Do you like our town? Do youhave any concern for its future?Would you like to see it grow, prosper and extend its trade and influence? If you do, tnen ask yourselfthese questions: "Do you help support and maintain its institutions?Do I encourage every movementlooking to the up-building of thetown? Do I speak a good word forthe town and the people at every opportunity? Do I lend assistance toits industries? Do I patronize them7Do I fully understand the duties devolving upon me as a citizen?" Ifyou cannot answer these questions inthe affirmative then, you are not onlya stumbling block but a detrimentto any community.E! 15 13THEY RISK THEIR LIVES YOUGUARD THEIR SOULS,Running a Paper.Running a newspaper is just likerunning a hotel, only -different.When a man goes into a hotel and-finds something on the table whichdoeer not suit him, he does not raisehadfts'with the landlord and telljiinito stop his old hotel. Well hardly.America's great army is trainingfor the battlefields of France.Tou can contribute hours of sunshine and recreative pleasure beforethey go.You can inspire them with a spiritthat will end the war more quicklyand more gloriously.You can do this through the WarCamp Community Service, which asks$4,000,000 to keep American fighting men "fit to fight."Your President and the Secretariesof War and Navy ask you to contribute. 'Send contributions to local Chairman or to National headquarters,1210 G Street, N. W., Washington,D. C.THINK OF 5.200 MILES OF POSTAGE STAMPS.The New York Postoflice has calledfor the largest supply of postagestamps in the history of the department. It has ordered 310,202,320stamps, valued at $8,193,705.20,-vhich. if placed end to end, wouHmake a strip 5,200 miles long. Th?stamps will have to be wrapped in1.800 packages, which, if placed ina single stack, would be four timesas high as the Washington Mounment. fc151 151 feThe appeal to "raise more corn"has little force amongst Kentuckians, who have been told that theonly think il is to be used for isbread.SICK WOIAN HADCRYING SPELLSrRestored to Health by LydiaE.Pinkham's VegetableCompound.KE also promoted education by establishing thefirst university west of the Alleghenies. Forforty-eight years, Goodrich rubber compounding discoveries and innovations have educated therubber industry as Goodrich's 4,000 different rubber industriesindicate. ' The flower of Goodrich manufacture is Goodrich Tires,,GOOBLACK SAFETY TREADSAre the tires delivered to you out ofthe nation-wide testing of GoodrichTest Car Fleets.They give you the Tested, provenBEST in Tires; Goodrich's BlackTread rubber; Goodrich's Close-Clutch,.Cross-Barred pattern a real non-skid;and Goodrich's UNIT MOLD, UNBROKEN CURE tire body.You buy tried merit in " America'sTested Tirec."THE B. F. GOODRICH COMPANYTHE CITY OF GOODRICH, AKRON, OHIOJttCakers also of the famous Silverlown Cord TiresAik Your Dealer for ThemFiiWii4tHWti1ttiti,tiHthftWrtiHifn tfitntti4UMisJl9MWttMfiH9MliWtiMMttiiHil$MiHiMtiUmmtMilftinstWinitM U.w'liKtinI. .. -Ilr?ri ."$i -CWy A, hiLaF VvJvfo tobacco !'fsMyJa&r-.T&tZ&i&&ia . ' --..-k a-prest: xn th& Lontyt4sinttnttttnniniiuninttttmi0irtttttitrtitsainit9$nitiitt4iittiittttiitittmw"iU.VwS, 'i.r?2pr'r'.',h-jrWHAT'S THE REASON.Manv Paris People In Poor HealthWithout Knowing the Cause.There are scores of people whodrag out a miserable existence without realizing the cause of their' suffering. Day after day they areracked with headache and backache;suffer from nervousness, dizziness,weakness, langour and depression.Perhaps the kidneys have fallen behind in their work of filtering theblood and that may be the root ofthe trouble. Look to your kidneys,assist them in their work give themthe help they need. You can use nomore highly recommended remedythan Doan's Kidney Pills endorsedby people all over the country andby your neighbors in Paris.Wm. W. Dudley, 1729 Cypress St.,Paris, says: "Some years ago, Ifound it necessary to use a kidneyremedy and as I had read aboutDoan's Kidney Pills, I used them.They proved to be satisfactory andpermanently rid me of kidney complaint. I have good reason to recommend Doan's Kidney Pills and advise their use to anyone troubledwith a weak back or lame back orirregular passages of the kidney secretions." Price 60 c, at all dealers. Don'tsimply ask for a kidney remedy getDoan's Kidney Pills thesame tnatMr. Dudley had. Foster-MilburnCo., Props., Buffalo, N. Y. (adv)m m waTHE PATTEST PISH.Enhaut, Pa. "I was all run down andweak inwardly. I had female troublesand nervous feelingsand my head bothered me. I wouldoften have cryingspells and feel as ifI was not safe. IfI heard anyone coming I would run andlock the door so theywould not see me.I tried several doctors and they did nothelp me so I said, tomv TTlftt.ripr 'T omncaI will have to die as there is no help forme. bhe got me one of your littlebooks and my husband said I should tryone bottle. I stopped .the doctor'smedicine and took Lydia E. Pinkham'sVegetable Compound. It soon made achange in me and now I am strong anddo all my work." Mrs. AugustusBaughman, Box 86, Enhaut, Pa.Why will women continue to sufferday in and day out and drag out a sickly,half-hearted existence, missing threefourths of the joy of living, when theycan find health in Lydia E. Pinkham'sVegetable Compound?If yoa would like free confidential advice address Lydia E. Pinkbam MedicineCo.," Lynn, Mm,When the little fish known to science as the eulachon is in goodhealth and condition, it is the fattestfish in the world. Although oily, itis digestible and of execellent flavor,resembling the common smelt. Infact, it is popularly known as the"Columbia River smelt." The eulachon is a native of the Pacific andruns up the Columbia River in enormous numbers during the annualspawning season. Each run of fishspawns only once, after which allthe fish die. The United States Bureau oi Fisheries belives the eulachon should be much more widelyused for f,ood than it is at present."es" isAN OLD MAN'S STOMACH.REAL ECONOMYMeans Buy Your Winter Supplyof Necessary Clothing Now.When the time comes for us to replenish our stockprices will be greatly advanced. Present f prices JonMen's and Boysl Suits, Overcoats, Underwear, Shoes,Etc., are very reasonable at our store.LET US HELP YOU SAVE !Twin Bros. Clothing and Shoe Dept.619 Main Street, Paris, Ky. We Give and Redeem Blue Trading StampsAs we grow older and less active,less and less food is required to meetthe demands of our bodies. If toomuch is habitually taken, the stomach will rebel. When a man reachesthe advanced age of 85 or 90, youwill find that he is a light eater.Be as careful as you will, however,you will occasionally eat more thanyou should and will feel the need ofChamberlain's Tablets to correct thadisorder. These tablets do not contain pepsin, but strengthen the stomach and enable it to perform its functions naturally. They also cause agentle movement of the bowels.(nov-addv)fe fe mBlaming the raihoads for everything under the sun that is objectionable is another popular indoor sport.Ka an AOnce again events have demon-'strated that it doesn't pay to be apacifist in Kentucky.m mCERTAIN CURE TOR CROUPMrs. Rose Middleton, of Greenville,111., has had experience in the treatment of this disease. She says,"When my children were small myson had croup frequently. Chamberlain's Cough Remedy always brokeup these attacks immediately, and Iwas never without it in the house.I have taken it myself for coughsand colds with good results.(nov-addv)Twin Bros.DcpartmcntStorcHATSat reduced prices, inmany different designs,priced from98cUPCOATSAND 'SUITSSPECIAL$16.50New Coats & SuitsJUSTARRIVEDJutt arrived readyfor your inspection.Very reasonableprices.IITwin Bros: Department StoreSevneth and Main Streets, Paris Ky.vV4st-,.;-V-.VN.- r. r. r"- -r 1 ' ia-.;&,, ,1r 'g.3titiftfcZA&L,h&&&iiL .-a'12-.V,. - JLAftfe.r.a.' ""ft.'i1iFRIDAY, NOVEMBER 16, 1917, 'THE BOURBON NEWS. PARIS, K4PA?1w"'FOR RENT.Cottage on "Winchester street,with all modern improvements; gasand electricty; good garden. ApplytoMRS. MARIA LYONS,(novl3-tf) Main street.Buff Leghorns For SaleI have a number of fine Buff Leghorn Single Comb Cockerels for sale,a fancy laying strain. Price $2.00each.MRS. LETITIA CLAY,(30-tf) Cumberland Phone 204.Magazine Agency.I will receive subscriptions to thefollowing magazines:Curtis Publishing Company'sLadies' Home Journal, SaturdayEvening Post and the Country Gentleman, Cosmopolitan.Good Housekeeping,Harpers,Motor Magazine,Pictorial Review,Mothers' Magazine,Heart's.Kentucky Magazine.Until November 10 will receive 2year subscription to Cosmopolitan,Heart's, and Good House Keeping,either for 2. I will also make advantageous clubbing offers with ThePictorial Review.' MMS. 0. P. CARTER, JR.,Paris, Ky.(oct23-tf)Public SaleopSchool Houses!MEN WANTED..100 men wanted a't once to dig andload coal in coal mines. For any information wanted, writeGEO. VEAL, Supt.,(23-lmo) Shamrock, Ky.Trustee's Sale in BankruptcyWOMAN COMTHELAKEVIEW SANITORIUM ANDHOTEL CO.'SEntire Plant and Outfit at AuctionWEDNESDAY, DEC. 5, 2 P. M..On the Premises, Dry Ridge, Ky.Real Estate, Buildings, Hotel Furniture,theFixtures, and Trade Mark ofKENTUCKY CARLSBADWATER, &c.By order. of the TJ. S. District Court.MARTIN M. DURRETT, Referee,Covington, Ky.W. T. LOOMIS, Trustee,Independence, Ky.TOMLIN&VEST, Attys for TrusteeWalton, Ky. -WM. J. DEUPREE, Covington, Ky.,andBURCH, PETERS & CONNELLY,Cincinnati, Ohio,Attorney for Creditors.Autction Catalog on Request.THE EFFR0N MERCANTILE CO..Auctioneers. No. 334 Main Street.Cincinnati. Ohio.(13nov-5t)W.e will sell on the premises at''each of the several pieces of propertyto be offered, to the highest bidder,onSATURDAY. NOVEMBER 24, 1917.the following school houses andgrounds, to-wit;At nine a. nl. we witt offer theschool house and grounds near Jacksonville. This property consists of &good building and about one-halfacre of ground. There is a splendidbored well on the property.Immediately after this sale, atabout ten a. m., the school house andJot in the Hill District will be offered. This property consists of a splendid building that, with, very littleexpense, can be changed into a comfortable dwelling. The lot containsabout three-quarters of an acre, witha fine cistern.At eleven a. m. the school houseand lot at Centerville will be offered.This house can be converted into agood dwelling. The lot containsabout one acre of ground.TERMS Made known on day ofsaleMISS MABEL "ROBBINS,D. C. LISLE,(9-16-23) Committee.Virgin Land For Sale !150 acres of Laurel County virgin land that would make an idealchicken ranch. About 75 acresis high, flat land, and balance on abranch between two high bluffs.This branch land has enough tie andsmall timber on it to pay for it.Would be an ideal place for an orchard, being protected from frost! toa great extent by these bluffs. AllSOCIAL AND PERSONAL.Comings and Goings of OurPeople Here, There andElsewhere.Mrs. Lee Starke, of Louisville,,is a guest of- relatives in Paris andThe county. JMr. and Mrs. Owen L. Davishave taken the apartments in theRobneel Flat recently vacated byMrs. C. J. McLear, who has movedto Owentfcn to reside.Mrs. Wm. B. Ardery entertainedyesterday at her home near Parl3with a "five hundred" and "bridge"party for the benefit of the Bourboncounty branch of the American RedCross. "Mr. Wickliffe Dillon, of London,Ky., was a guest of Paris friendsMonday and Tuesday. Mr. Dillon wasa resident of Paris several years, being connected with the BourbonI umber Co.Mrs. Carl Crawford, of Paris,nnrtmonf of , rnnri, rri i lial a bottleof Tanlac untilr"" ...viu uj. iu u&uuuiot iiuici, uuciof the largest and most extensivelypatronized winter hotels at St. Petersburg, Florida, this season,Mrs. Mayme R. Parrish has returned to her duties- at HamiltonCollege, in Lexington, after a visitwith Paris relatives. Mrs. Parrishwas accompanied by Mrs. Anna McTHIS KENTUCKY 'E5OUT FOR TANLASAYS IT HELPED HER BEFORE ! JSHE HAD TAKEN MORE THANHALF A BOTTLE.College faculty.Miss Lillie Daniel and her niece,Mrs. O. S. Herman, 127 WestChestnut Street, Louisville, said 'shehad been bothered with her stomachfor more than a year before she'started taking Tanlac."But I hadn't taken more thanI sawthat I was getting better," Mrs.Herman said."It used to be that everything I!ate just felt like a heavy weight in Jmy stomach. I bloated badly aftereating."I was nervous, too, and didn't Iplnnn nnmf -r.mil TV T,. 4- .,. l,1- Woiccjt veijr wen. iA.y lcau wits uiun.-WANTED !IliliHllHilllHHHHMHHHllMHHHiEvery Automobile OwnerIn Bourbon CountyTo Have the Advantage of OurTIREDougal, a member of the Hamilton en by bad dreams and I'd feel tired :when I got up in the mornings. a"I read so much about Tanlackinds of fruits would do well. Some ! mnof this land would produce fair corn iaye been visitingand tobacco, and all kinds of vege-!niece Mrs. Thomas Helm Minary"lYTiao T.nnicjfl "HnviiAl tiT . 1 w Tm. t"t." ,r t . ,, , U, ithat finally I decided to try it. As Ib""w "j. una. livnic iviux-iieeteraand Mrs. Lena Quisenberry Parker,in Paris, for several days, have returned to their home in Lexington.Mr. J. Miller Ward, of Paris,accompanied by his brother, Mr. J.Quincy Ward, of Frankfort, Execu-jlive Agent of the State Game and.Fish Commission, left Tuesday for aten-days' hunting and fishing trip atReelfoot Lake, Tennessee.Mr. James Jacoby, of nearHutchison, who has been very ill forseveral weeks at the home of Mr. andMrs. Custis Talbott, on Houston avenue, has recovered sufficiently topermit of his removal to the home ofhis parents, Mr. and Mrs. JamesJacoby, Sr.Squire and Mrs. John J. Red-ot North Middletown. whoMr. Redmon'stables.It joins up close to L. & N station. An opportunity for a huBtJerto get rich on a small investment.If interested call 404? CumberlandTelephone, ftf)Home For Sale PrivatelyOn account of Mr. Napier's passenger run being changed from Paris toLexington and Cincinnati necessitating a removal to Lexington, I desirtto dispose of my residence at the corner of Main and Second streets. InParis, at private sale.This Is a substantial brick hous,two-stories, has six large rooms;sleeping porch; two concrete porches:large garden and poultry yard; sideand front yard. It in a first-classhome and will be a bargain for thpurchaser. It is in first-class shape.An inspection of the house-and premises is invited.MRS. JESSE S. NAPIER,(4-tf) 12 s Main Street.land Mrs. Minary. in Louisville, stonped over in Lexington on their return for a Short visit to their son,Dr. Lee C, Redmon, and Mrs. Redmon. Miss Sailie Rogers, who wasoperated on recently at the Good Samaritan Hospital, in Lexington, iaimproving slowly. Miss Rogers is aformer resident of Bourbon county,and a sister of Messrs. Warren Rogters, of near Paris, and Harvey Rogers, of Montgomery county. Hermany friends in the city and countywill be pleased to learn of her progress toward recovery.(Other Personals on Page 5.) -i mDECEMBER AMERICAN MAGAZINE.Don't "Jiggle" the HookThere are two ways to recall the telephone operator when you are making a -tele-phone call.The wrong way is to "jiggle55 the hookso rapidly that the tiny etectric lamp that.sig-nals the operator in the Central Office doesnot remain lighted long enough to attractthe operator's attention.The right way is to move the receiverhook up and down slowly, so that the lightwill glow and the operator will know thatyou are calling her.The right way saves your time and patience. It adds-to the speed with which theoperator -can serve you. It helps improvethe quality of your telephone service generally. Always move tke receiver hook up anddown SLOWLY to recall the operator.CUMBERLAND TELEPHONEAND TELEGRAPH COMPANYDr. Franlc Crane, the famous editorial writer, has written for theDecember American Magazine an article called "If I Were Twenty-Onethe Things I Would Do." Everyyoung man in America should readit. Holworthy Hall begins a seriesof short stories with "Straight FromHeadquarters." "Getting Next toPeople" will help you to do so; "TheBook That Helped Me Most" is fullof good things; and "Russett andGold," a love story by William Dudley Pelley, will hold you from firstto last.Louis K. Liggett, the famous drugstore man, has written an articlefilled with good suggestions for business men; Marguerite Clark tellsabout her experience on the stageand in the movies; and "Detroit" isthe second city to be dealt with in"The. Flavor of the Cities." H. C.Witwer has a funny story in thisnumber, and with the other articlesand stories, an excellent number iscompleted.BS ?J BSBREAKS A COLD INPEW HOURS TRY IT!said, it helped me before I had takenmore than half a bottle. I kept on,though, until I had taken three bottles and now I don't have a bit oftrouble with my stomach like I usedto."I can sleep soundly all. nightnow, too, and don't feel tired inmornings like I did before."Tanlac proved to be all right inmy case, and I recommend it."Tanlac is a valuable tonic and' itlias been prepared especially to buildup run down systems and improvethe health of sick men and women.Thousands have been helped by Tanlac. Why not you? Get Tanlac today at G. S. Varden & Son's, (adv)DEPARTMENTMake the best of things as theyare. The big mouthed man can't improvers looks by eating green persimmons, i -' A. Jto lai mMRS. P. 0. STUCHELL TELLS HOWSHE CURED HER SON OFA COLD."When my son Ellis was sick witha cold last winter I gave him Chamberlain's Cough Remedy. It helpedhim at once and quickly broke uphis cold," writes Mrs. P. O. Stuchell.Homer City, Pa. This remedy hasbeen in use for many years. Its goodqualities have been fully proven bymany thousands of people. It ispleasant and safe to take.(nov-addv)Bring your old tires to us andhave your work done by an expertwho has had years of experiencebuilding tires. Come and see foryourself.We Do Re-Treading andVulcanizing of All KindsC. S. BALL GARAGECor.! Fourth and Pleasant St.First Dose of Pape's Cold CompoundRelieves All GrippeMisery.Don't stay stuffed up! 'Quit blowing and sniffling! Adose of "Pape's Cold Compound"taken every two hours until threedoses are taken will nd grippe misery and break up a severe cold eitherin the head, chest, body or limbs.It promptly opens clogged-u nostrils and air passages; stops nastydischarge or nose running; relievessick headache, dullness, feverishness,sore throat, sneezing, soreness andstiffness."Pape's Cold Compound" is thequickest, surest relief known andcosts only a few cents at drug stores.It acts without assistance, tastesnice, and causes no . inconvenience.Don't accept a substitute. (adv)f .IacrTaU' . . i. ., - ?j , '&r "2 x lFRANWMtT, KY.v n, tf7k CHHP ImJ 'SOLDIER MAKES EFFORT TOHAVE LEG LENGTHENED.Edgar Marcum, 21 years old, asoldier of Catlettsburg, was operatedon to lengthen the right leg fourinches. The limb was crushed lastApril when Marcum was hurled under a train at Fort Bliss, Tex. Surgeons cut out all of the diseased tissue, arid, chiseling a groove in thebone on either side of the fracture,fitted a section of tfie tibia, or shinbone, cut from the. patient's leg,into it. The surgeons then drilledholes through the thigh andt tibia,fastenfng.themtd-gether with pinsmade of a piece of the transplantedbone. They tlienbound the parts inkknraroo temdoh. Marcum is reported toT)e doing well.The BourbonTobacco Warehouse CoANNOUNCESFIRSTSALETUESDAYDEC.4,1917,,.AT NINE O'CLOCK A. M.:&,i?' '"s. r.' Stf'9fT-'YOU ARE WELCOMEGOMEI BoarbonTobaccoWarebouseCo.!1 , J. T; COLLINS, Manager. 7 B.-r--t ftfaTHE BOURBON NEWS, PARIS, KY.'fcAGKFODFJtIDAY, NOVEMBER If, '117Vt -ALL "DEAFTED MEN WILL BE OT!CAMP SOON.Mobilization orders for the remainder of the National Army men included in the first increment, held uppending completion of the camps and ,Enda Snapp 95, Thelma Williams 90.the receipts of a full supply of over- GRADE 11.coats, will be issued within the next! Thelma Squires 95, Louise Con-week or two at least. Secretary i nell 91.Baker said that as thousands of j .. .GR.AD,? !? iT ..overcoats are being delivered daily,the supply soon will be sufficient forthe men yet to be called.With one or two exceptions, thecantonments are nearly complete,and as the plans call for more buildings than are necessary to house thenumber of men drafted as yet, therewill be plenty of room even beforeall barracks are finished.The men at the northern cantonments were fully supplied with overcoats immediately on their arrival.At some of the southern cantonments this was not considered necessary, because of milder weather.Since winter has set in, however,full clothing equipment for the men.will be provided before they aremobilized.Regulations for the second drafthave been put into effect by thePresident and work of preparing forthe call which is anticipated in February hsa begun. The scheme provides for the division into five classesin order of eligibility all the remaining 9,000,000 men who registered.To each of these registrants a list of-questions will be submitted giving,all information as to his fitness, andthese will be classified when returned to the local boards. It is estimated that it will require threemonths to complete the classification.President Wilson has issued a foreword to the new draft regulationsand Provost Marshal General Crowder a supplemental explanatory statement. The members of the BourbonCounty Board of Exemption findthat they have some job on theirhands to complete the informationdesired by the authorities in Washington, and the work will take themall next week, even with outsideassistance. Every registration cardin the county will have to be goneover very carefully, and information from all the cards put on another caTd for file in the office of theProvost Marshal General at Washington. WJien the local board shallhave completed its work there willhe a complete record of every registered man in the Washington office.ten 1 imHUNTING SEASON OPENED YESTERDAY; HUNTERS BUSY.Hunters were very busy yesterdayarranging hunting trips to various-parts of the county, and to othercounties, in pursuit of quail and rabbits. An unusually large number ofliunting licenses were issued thiswee"k by County Clerk Paton.Reports from all sections of thecounty were there has been shelterfor the birds are to, the effect thatquail are plentiful, owing to thestrict protective measures adoptedand enforced by the game commission. There are also many ducks,rabbits and squirrels. Bourboncounty sportsmen have generallyobeyed the strict letter of the law inthe game and fish conservation, andthe game wardens have been unableto report any violations.A number of Lexington and Parissportsmen spent the day in Nicholascounty hunting yesterday, reporting game plentiful and the shootinggood.to to toTHINGS TO WORRY ABOUT.It Is strange there should be anyscarcity of meat in and around Paris,and yet not so strange, either, whenthe facts are considered. We haveseen enough fat cattle alone leaveParis in one day for the city markets, which, if butchered here,would supply the people of Paris andBourbon county for at least twelvemonths. Nearly every day thesechoice lots are shipped away to other places.KEEP DOWNThe High Cost of Living.. V4'f-Best Matches, "full count, ' 'per box 5cNew Pan Cake Flourper package 1 OcLenox Soap, per bar 5cEarly June Peas, per can... 1 5c" Tomatoes, per can 1 5cSugar Corn, per can 1 5c- Corn Flakes, per pkg 1 OcTry OurHiFrench Breakfast" Coffeea sure delight, at25c a Pound.. ' ill titt?M'iBusyBeeCashStoreHONOR EOLL OF PARIS CITYSCHOOLS FOR OCTOBER.' GRADE 12.V,ernita Baldwin 96, Fannie Heller90. Robert Lavin 98. Ruth Linvillet94. Eleanor Lvtle 94. Lena Rose 90,Dorotny Tingle yu, Margaret. ua.ni93, Ann Talbott 92, Catherine Bro-phy 93.GRADE 9.Raymond Stamler 91, LoraineWeathers 93, Bernice Florence 93,Alma Louise Goldstein 92, Thos. A.Hendricks 91, Geraldine Herrin 94,GRADE 8.Mary Louise Collier 95, CatherineWallingford 94, Morris v Price 92,lone Williams 91, May Tyree 90,Anna Leeds 90.GRADE 8.Hilda Taylor 91.GRADE 7B.Bernice Calvert 92, Mary EllenScott 91, Emma Louise Wright 91.GRADE 7A.Nnnette Arkle 95, Ruth Wheeler90, Virginia Morrison 94, Keller Larkin 92, Virginia Cahal 92 MargaretHill 94.GRADE 6BEdgar Hill 97, Anita Overby 94,Ermine Lykins 92.GRADE 6A.Violet Crowe 90, Martha Collier91, Mary Clendenin 90, KatherineHendricks 90, Constance Hill 90,Thomas Spicer 94.GRADE 5B.John Logan 92, Charles Leeds 91,Emma Dickinson 92, Martha Logan91, Lula May Christman 92, KathrypYoung 92.GRADE 5 A.Frances Thompson 96, LouiseKirkpatrick 91, Harry Tucker 96,Bruce Gardener 94, Hallan Goldstein93, Pansy Burns 95, Frances Clarke95, Thelma Collier 90, Virginia Tingle 93, Dillard Bird 90, Harry ' B.Clay 90.GRADE 4B. vRebecca Collier 96, Anne Harris94, Elise Morrison 93, Alice Burton94, Helen Roberts 93, Cannon Williams 92, William Yerkes 92.GRADE 4A.Gertrude Smelser 92, JosephineLapsley 98, Carry Herrington 92,Marie Bishop 96, Anne Cay wood Talbott 97, Lillian Taylor 92, WilliamHinton 95.GRADE 3B.James Wilmoth 95, Sam Hendricks94, Wendell Reading 93, GenevaWells, 90, William Anderson 95,Ruth Payne 90, Mildred Green 93,Edwin Rice 94, Pauline Douglas 92,Ruth Dickerson 91, Myrtle Dunaway96, Effle Edwards 93, Charles Cook96, Kady Elvove 94, Rosalie Friedman 94, Katie Hubbard 91, SusanHoward 96, Leila Kiser 97, JessieIivine 97.GRADE 3 A.Mary Bailey 94, Robert Collier 92,Jessie Curtis 92, Myrtle Watson 93,Hazel Maxey 90.GRADE 2B.Kenney Williams 91, DorothyThomas 92, Julian Howe 93, AlmaNeal 91, Vivian Smith 93, RuthSpegal 93, Eugene Chambers 90,Thenosha McCord 92, Lydia Mahar90, James Logan 93, Mary Isgrig 94,Elizabeth Douglass 90, Louise Banister 92, Imogene Fryman 94, Martha Belle Hall 92, Thomas Hubbard90, Stuart Padgett 90, EdwardShout 92.GRADE 2 A.David Blythe 90, Katherine Borland 91, Etta Lee Scanlon 90, Elizabeth Watson 93.GRADE IB.Claude Russell 90, Prentice Burton90, Harry Lancaster 90, James Marrison .90, Dorothy McCord 90, EvaRoberts 91, Marie Foley 90, JenettFoley 90, James Lapsley 90, J. D.McDonald 90, Richard Peteison 90,Nancy Baldwin 90, Elizabeth Hinton 90, Lucy Maxey 90, Hazel Mastin 90, Carolyn Reading 90, EdnaEarl Rummons 90, Mary Stone 90,Elizabeth Whitley 90.GRADE 1A.Walker Bailey 90, Beatrice Misenheimer 90, Alfred Wilson 90, JohnRobert Colvin 91, Thelma Cherry 92,Luther Herrington 3, Frances Burnett 93 Sadie "Blake 93, MinnieJohnson 93, Virginia Donaldson 94,Ethel Fightmaster 94, ElizabethAnderson 95, Genevive Dockenbrode96, Shirel Wills 96.FAMILY HURT IN ACCIDENT.Mr. R. A. ("Doc") Hill, his wifeand son, all of near Paris, receivedserious injuries last 'Sunday nightwhen returning home from church atRuddles Mills, when their horsetook fright at a burning log orstump lying at the side of the road.The boy was driving when thehorse scared and jumped across theroad into a thorn bush. The boVjumped out of the buggy, taking thelines with him, and receiyed minorbruises. It is thought that Mr. Hillwas either thrown out or in attempting to regain the lines fell outof the buggy. Mrs. Hill -remained inthe vehicle, the frightened horse allthe time running toward a bridgewhich is approached by a sharp turnin the road. The buggy struck anabutment of the bridgs, throwingMrs. Hill out.She appeared not to be seriouslyhurt at the time, but on Monday became unconscious. She was removedfrom her home to the Massje Memorial Haspital, in this city, where anoperation performed Monday nightdisclosed the presence of a blood cloton the brain. She had not Regainedconsciousness .-yesterday. Mr. Hillwas badly hurt about the head andbody.151COLORED MAN PARALYZEDWhile lighting a gas stove at hishome Tuesday morning Henry Finch,colored, fell to the floor unconsciousfrom a stroke of paralysis. He -isstill in a serious condition? Finchfat iteiwuiot fey trade.RELIGIOUS.The annual house-to-house ev-ery-membercanvass will be madeSunday by the deacons of the' ParisChristian church.The Ladies' Missionary Societyof the Presbyterian church will meetat Mrs. Newton Mitchell's home onDuncan avenue at 2:30 o'clock Tuesday afternoon'.The Women's Missionary Society of the Christian church wiUhold an all-day sewing in the RedCross sewing rooms in the courthouse basement on next Tuesday,November 20.At the Christian church Sundaythe rites of baptism were adminibtered to Miss Hallie Frank and Robt.Frank, Jr., children of Mr. and Mrs.Robert Lee Frank, and RussellFrank, son of Mr. and Mrs. BismarkA. Frank.The Endeavor Society of theChristian church 'Vill meet in thchurch parlors Sunday night at 6:00o'clock. Subject, "Our Foreign Mission Boards and Their History andAchievements." Miss Mabel Tem-plin, leader.Bishop Lewis W. Burton, of Lexington, Bishop of the Lexington Diocise, will conduct services and confirmation services at St. Peter'sI Episcopal church in this city, at10:45 Sunday ' morning. Sundayschool at 9:30 a. m.The Presbyterian church willhold services in the court houseSunday morning at 10:45 o'clock,and at night at 7:15 o'clock. Thesermon subject for the morning willbe, "What Is Sin?" The nighttheme will be, "Judgment."The ladies of the Missionary Societies of the Paris churches willhold a Union Prayer MeetingThursday afternoon, Nov. 22, at 2: 30o'clock, in the Methodist church.All the women of Paris are urgentlyrequested to attend the meeting.The men are also invited.The trustees of Centre Collegemet at the Presbyterian TheologicalSeminary and succeeded in prevailing upon Dr. W. A. Ganfield, headof the college, not to accept an offermade him by Carroll College, atWaukesha, Wis., but to remain ashead of the Danville institution oflearning.The Endeavor Society of thePresbyterian church will meet Sunday afternoon at 6:30 at the courthouse. The subject will be "OurForeign Mission Boards and TheivHistory and Achievements." Reference Isa. 55-1-13. A full attendanceis earnestly urged, as business of importance will come up.-a ifc lTHE Y. M. C. A. DRIVE.The city and county teams whowere appointed at the recently-heldmass meeting in Paris for the purpose of soliciting funds in the bigdrive for Bourbon's allotment of$7,500 in the army Y. M. C. A. campaign, are making satisfactory progress, and up to Wednesday nighthad secured $4,300.Two hundred boys have been called upon in the county to earn tendollars each to be contributed to thefund for this campaign. They havebeen given their choice as to themeans to be used, and it is safe tosay that they will come up smiling,and with their money in their hands,hands up, and none of it sticking tothem.Bourbon county has done herselfproud in the work for the Red Crossand the Liberty Loan work, andshe must not stop when this campaign is on for the Army Y. M. C. A.work. The war work of this organization is one of the most importantundertakings of the war for the relief and benefit of the Americansoldiers who are to serve in conjunction with the Allied armise in waging a Fuccessful battle against theGerman militarism. A small donation from everybody in the countywho is able to give will soon rais2the desired amount and nqbody willmiss it. An opportunity will be presented for you to donate and it issincerely hoped that you will do so.The soliciting committees are madeup of some of the best citizens ofBourbon county, men who are givingtheir time to the work without compensation, and doing their .bit inthis work. Don't expect them to seekyou out a second time and "beg for acontribution, but toe the mark man-'fully, and come up with your contribution. Let's have the pleasure of showingWoodford county people that oldBourbon county can do a little in theway of oversubscribing when thepeople get their working harness on.All together!PYTHIAN HOME NOW CARINGFOR 80 ORPHANS.M. George ("Daddy") Moore wasre-elected Superintendent of thePythian Home, at Lexington, andMrs. Moore was re-elected matron "atthe annual meeting of the board ofdirectors att he home Wednesday.Annual inspection of the grounds andbuildings showed everything up tostandard. Those present were: W.C. G. Hobbs, president, of Lexington; J. W. Carter, secretary, of Lexington; McHenry Rhodes, vice-president,of Lexington; Judge R. H.Gray, of Covington, and J. M. Morris, of Manchester. The annual report of the superintendent gave thedaily average of persons at the Homeas 48. There are at Present 80 nr-llhans an, one widow. - -. " iTHANKSGIVING TURKEY MARKET CLOSED YESTERDAYThe Thanksgiving turkey marketclosed in Paris yesterday at the pensof C. S. Brent & Bro.', after a verysuccessful season which began onNov. 8, when the first deliverieswere made. t'The market was an exceptionallysood one. and all shipments werepromptly taken, notwithsanding thethe fact that the report of FoodCommissioner Hoover showed an enormous supply of the fowls left overin -cold storage from last year.Up to and including Saturday theThanksgiving market report showsabout 60,000 pounds of turkeyshandled, for which the market pricesranged at 22 cents taken at thehomes of the sellers, and 24 centsdelivered at the pens. The poultrywas all shipped to the Boston andNw England markets. The turkeycrop this season was much betterthan expected, and the quality aboutup to the yearly average. The delivery of fowls on the Paris marketfor one week totalled $13,800, thatof Millersburg and other marketsoperated by C. S. Brent & Bro. notbeing included in that amount. Theopening date for the Christmas market will be announced in THENEWS.fe IS 3 .B-4 FIREEnsure witreW.O. HINTON &SON,Agts1E3EXPLODING LAMP FIRES HOMEA lamp. exploded in the residenceof Harvey Jones, in Henryville, nearCarlisle, Tuesday, causing a firewhich threatened the destruction ofthat village. Jones was trapped inthe room and barely escaped byjumping from a window. Two residences belonging to Jones and onebelonging to Tom Clark, were destroyed with all contents.is fe isFire, Wind and LightningInsurance.Thomas, Woodford & Bryan.ta feCHANGE OE URM.Mr. J. Bennett Tarr, who has forsome time been associated with Mr.Albert Anthon in the meat business,has purchased the interest of Mr.Fred Mulflnger, in the meat marketof Stone & Mulflnger and will becomea member of the firm to-day, Mr.Mulflnger retiring.The business will be continued atthe old stand under the firm name ofStone & Tarr.Estrayed or Stolen.Estrayed or stolen from, the Wm.Woodford farm, pn. Paris and Winchester pike, Saturday, November 10,a Jersey cow and black yearlingheifer. Both muleys. Liberal reward for recovery or any information as to their whereabouts. Address, J. R. BROOKS,(16-3t-pd) Route 2, Paris, Ky.Farms For Sale!We have for sale a large number of highly productive, welllocated farms, ranging in sizefrom fifty to four hundred acres,in Oldham and adjoining counties. Good pikes, Interurban service to Louisville, excellentwater and every convenience.Land is well adapted to orchardgrass, alfalfa, blue grass, corn,wheat and clover, and is highlydrouth resistant. For particuwrite or phoneDIXON & GOSLING,LaGrange, Ky.Home Phone 102 and 97-B2.Cumb. Phonee 35-J and 37-W.(novl6-tf)PUBLIC SALE-OF-FA RM!We, as agents for Harry L.Mitchell, will sell at public auction,at the Court House door, in Mt.'.Sterling, onTHURSDAY. NOV. 22, 1917,at 10 a. m., the following describedproperty: 82 acres on the GrassyLick turnpike, six miles North-Westof Mt. Sterling, and better known asthe John Henry farm.rlmprovements consist of tenanthouse, two eleven acre tobacco barns,one of which was built last year,new corn crib, will hold from 80 to100 barrels of corn, two never-failingsprings, and farm well fenced.About 35 or 40 acres of this landis in old blue grass sod, which hagnot been plowed for thirty years,balance in high state of cultivation.There is at least 40 acres of first-class tobacco land on this place.I TERMS Easy and made known(on dayof sale.For further information call on.Harris & Speakes, Paris, Ky., or R.L. Stewart, real estate agent, Mt.Sterling, Ky., who will take pleasurein showing prospective buyers .overthe farm; or H. L. Mitchell, Paris,Ky.-.GEO"D. SPEAKES, 'Auctioneer.(ll-lt) - , fS111 1 1 144.1 1 1 1 1 1 11.11 1 1 1I FRANKS CO.! The Reliable StorePractice EconomyBy Trading at this StoreJ50 SERGEHigh Grade$15.00t37 SILK DRESSESAll Colors Satins$15.00 EachNEW COATSRECEIVEDEVERY. WEEKWe conduct our business mutually for our benfit and the accommodation of our customers. Specials will be charged on regular accounts.FRANKfllllUIIIIHHI II Uf f-i'lII 1111 H Hl'fIlolf, 1sile & Co.Lexington,THE 1917 Gift12th on.Shop -TJUNDREDS ot novelties of every description- A and at moderate prices. -'EACH day you shouldShop.itititatMii1 1GIFT selecting is easy in the 'Gift Shop everyarticle is a suitable gift.TMMENSE variety of baskets madeby the IndiansA of our Northern reservations."CULL and select assortment of latest style knit- ting bags-from 50c up.TO make sure of gettingVSPECIALTIES in art needle work hand madenovelties of great variety.XTOUSEHOLD articles for useful gifts, such asA A Japanese Table Covers and Doilies.rN the third floor of our building, the Gift Shopv is located away from street noises.TDLACE yourself at our Gift Shop service and- your holiday shoppingfWH be easy.We have opened the Gift Shop weeks earlier thisyear than heretofore, m order to afford ample time to ourcustomers to inspect the articles shown aid. decide ontheir purchase before the rush holiday shopping is in fullhnf ' b" eS Sld WiU be Put P in aPPrPriate! WOLF, WILE Si CO. Ij j . . '. . ILEXINGTON, KY. -i,i i iii 1 1 1 mi n 1 1 ii ii 1 1 1 1 ii 1 1 j i , V, ,j , j t , , M ffi , , , ,; Iiii... ' T 1 1 If I II HI 1 1 1 1 1 n nDRESSESMostly NavyEachC& CO.t 4 IMMIIMfM H H j 114 H !Kentuckyis ready from Novembermake avisit to the Giftgood service and choicjta14'ivsN. -i.njaST. . 3tti' '.V ' ' II' i ' m i-TTiii- r"- "" fflflfrlTi 1fm i W1 "-' -rf-Jft-:--.: Jtk JkltfiL .-.,.iLA&,jfrVL. , . Jj-i..nfoift .'ii i d...- - - aWj' -yvifev;.?0- -'4-JRIDAY, NOVEMBER 16, 1917.JTHE BOURBON NEWS, PARISf KY.PAGEllltftSOCIAL AND PERSONAL."THE MAN FROM PAINTED POST"lmFOR THE BESTNOTHING ELSEComings and Goings of OurPeople Here, There andElsewhere.CIVILSERVICE EXAMINATIONDECEMBER 14.A civil service examination willlie held at the Paris postoflice onDecember 14, for all who desire topnter the service of the UnitedStates as stenographers. Clerk Wm."larke at the postoffice will furnishapplicants with information.ta is EaCHRISTMAS HANDKERCHIEFSCrepe-de-chine, linen silk, 5c up.If you exeuct to embroider them"better buy them now.J. W. DAVIS & CO.TJ3 TS TaGIRLS' HONOR GUARD.There will be a special meeting ofthe Girls' National Honor Guard atthe court house to-morrow (Saturday) afternoon, at two o'clock.Business of importance. All themembers are earnestly requested to". present promptly at two o'clock.Tia is aTHANKSGIVING DINNERThe Mothers' Club, of Nor.th Middletown, will give a Thanksgivingdinner in the old Christian church athat place on Thursday, Nov. 29,immediately after the close of theThanksgiving service. The proceeds will be devoted to the Kindergarten class. The dinner will beserved for fifty cents per plate.SS IS TE3SALE OF EDIBLES.The Red Cross Society will have asale of edibles, such as turkeys,chickens, etc., in the vacant storeroom adjoining Stout's Cafe, to-morrow,beginning at nine o'clock a. m.The proceeds will be devoted to theSurgical Dressing Class of the Bourbon County Chapter.Ha fe isCLUB MEETING.'The Progressive Culture Club metT'ednesday afternoon at the home ofMrs. Frank O'Neill, the leader beingMrs. Rebecca Freeman Sims. Thesubject for discussion was "ItalianSculpture.The principal paper on the program at the Paris Literary Club'smeeting, which was held "Wednesdayafternoon at the club rooms, wasread by Mrs. E. T. Proctor on thesubject, "Hapless Acadia, a LittleJourney in Evangeline's Land."Readings were given by Mrs. J. T."Vansant, in place' of Miss ElizabethBrown, who was unaviodably absent.Mrs. Vansant gave readings fromthe poet, Longfellow.IKS fe teWENT TO MARKET TO BUYSERV-US FLOUR.To market, to market to buy Serv-IFlour,A happy idea, 'tis the, food of thethe hour.mt si i3i J1.PANTRY SHOWER FOR THE CON, FEDERATE HOME.The members of Richard HawesChapter, United Daughters of theConfederacy, will hold a specialmeeting in the Confederate room inthe court house to-morrow (Saturday) afternoon, at 2:30 o'clock forthe transaction of important business. One especial object of the meeting will be the "pantry shower" forthe Confederate veterans at the Confederate Home at Pewee Valley.Each member of the U. D. C. will beasked to bring or send to this meeting a can of tomatoes or a jar of preserves to be included in the shipment of good things to be sent to the"veterans at the Home.US WB 153BOYS' BLUE SERGE SUITS.Heavy storm serge, all wool andfast color, belted models $10.J. W. DAVIS & CO.TBs TS WaSTOVES.Get your Gas andCoal Heaters now,and have them put upready for the - colddays.A. P. WHEELER & CO.opp. Court House.(oct23-tf)Hi a irFARM CONDITIONS.Ideal autumn weather has afforded farmers apportunities for gettingleady for winter work. Cornshucki""' nd tobacco strippinghave claimed the larger part of theirlabors, as many of them, owing tothe scarcity of help, have been forced to "make a hand" of themselves.Mrs. S. P. Mohney is visitingher mother, in Nicholas county.Mr. A. S. Thompson has returned from a business crip to Alabama.Mr. Ossian. Edwards was inShelby county this week on a business trip.Police Judge E. B. January has'.been confined to his homp nnWalker avenue on account of rheumatism. Mr. H. H. Piper has returnedto his home in Winchester, after avisit to friends in Paris.Mrs. W. R. Stipp was a recentguest of her parents, Mr. and Mrs.J. S. Boone, in Frankfort.Mr. Charles Wilmoth, of theWilmoth Grocery Co., has returnedfrom, a business trip to KansaoCity, Mo.Mrs. Carrie F. Stone was a guestseveral days this week of Mr. andMrs. Mildred D. Curry, and family,in Carlisle.Mrs. Frank P. White has returned from a two-weeks' visit toher sister, Mrs. David Davis, inCincinnati.Mrs. H. -Clay Weathers has returned 'to her home in Covington,after a visit to Mr. and Mrs. J. TWeathers, near Paris.Mr. Hord Lovell is improving atthe St. Joseph Hospital, in Lexington, where he has been under medical treatment for several weeks.Mr. L. 0. Overmier, of Yorktown, Indiana, is a guest of hisdaughter, Mrs. M. H. Hamilton, andDr. Hamilton, on Mt. Airy avenue.Mr. Fred Miller, of the SimonDepartment Store, was a guest thisweek of friends in Cincinnati andother foreign cities across the OhioRiver.Miss Sallie Hagan and Mrs. McDonald, of Clintonville, are visitingtheir sister, Mrs. Thomas Brock, andtheir brother, Lewis Hagan, in Winchester. Mr. and Mrs. J. T. Estes, Mrs.Kelly Haley and Mr. Orrin Estes, ofnear Paris, were recent guests ofMr. and Mrs. James McQueen, inFrankfort.Mr. and Mrs. George C. Thomp-.son "and Mr. Wm. H. McMillan lettyesterday morning for St. Petersburg, Florida, to remain during thewinter months.The Red Cross party, which wasto have been given by Mrs. Wm. B.Ardery, at her hoie near PariG,yesterday, was postponed to anotherdate on account of illness in thefamily.Miss Leora May Linville, ofLexington, Miss Nannette Case, ofMillersburg College, and Miss AdaPlummer, of Centerville, were guestsfor the week of Mr. and Mrs. Clyde"RiclicLrdsMrs. Lou Settles remains critically ill. Her niece, Mrs. John M.Woods, of Winchester, is at her bedside. .Owing to her advanced age,ninety years, her friends and relatives are very apprehensive as to theoutcome.Mr. and Mrs. Frank P. Whiteand ' daughter, Miss Anna LouiseWhite, and son, Mr. Preston White,have returned from a visit to relatives in Winchester. Miss Whiteand her brother attended the dancegiven in Winchester in honor of Mr.Clarence Bloomfield.Mrs. Robert Adair, Mrs. JohnTowles, Mrs. Ollie Hedges, Mrs. J.D. Dejarnett and Mr. Robert Adairwere called to Maysville, Wednesday,by the serious illness of Mr. JamesAdair. ?.ir. Adair was somewhat improved yesterday, and his physiciansare hopeful of his early recovery-About forty young people gathered at the home -of Mr. Robert Terrell near Clintonville, where theytendered a miscellaneous shower toMr. and Mrs. Lucien Terrill, who,. marriPrJ in Lexington quitevpcentlv. A large number of usefirtgifts were presented to the happyyoung couple.Midshipman Earl Thompson, oiWinchester, was a visitor to relativesin Paris and the county Tuesday.He is a member of the gun crew onthe battleship Delaware, stationedsomewhere on the Atlantic coast.Mr Thompson has returned to Norfolk Va., from where he will go upthe 'coast to join his shipmates.Cythiana Democrat: i"-Vernon Parks and son, of Paris, areguests of her parents, near Cynthiana ...Mr. and Mrs. Rodney Withers went to Paris, Tuesday, for ashort visit to Mr. and Mrs AmosTurney....Mr. and M. H. C.Cleveland and Rev. and Ms WEEllis, 'of Paris, were recent visitorsin Cynthiana.(Other Personals, on FageB !3 F3REELF00T LAKE FISH.Fresh caugtit Reelfoot Lake fishreSved evry other day. We dressthem free of charge. Baltimore oys-MARKET. 16-tl)GAME WARDEN VISITS CLARKJr., of Paris,was in Win-A special treat is in store for themany admirers of Douglas Fairbanksin his newest Artcraft picture, 'TheMan From Painted Post," coming tothe Alamo and the Paris Grand nextMonday afternoon and night. Thescript for this photoplay was writtenby Douglas himself and is based onJackson Gregory's recent magazinestory, "Silver Slippers." In the roleof Fancy Jim Sherwood, the immaculate dude who wipes out a powerfulgang of cattle rustlers, the smilingstar offers a characterization thatwill meet with popular favor amongpatrons of clean pictures.Bucking bronchoes, crack-riding,trick roping and bulldogging steersare among the interesting featuresoffered by the comedy drama of thetrue west. Participating in thesescenes are the champions of theworld in their respective accomplishments, including Sam Bronwell,champion bucking broncho rider;John Judd, fancy dope artist; TommyGrimes, H. A. Strickland and otherwinners at the Rodeo Competitionheld in Cheyenne, Wyo. It was atthis meet that Douglas Fairbankssigned up the champions for "TheMan From Painted Post," and eachindividual gives a good account forhimself in this picture.Instead of staging this productionin uaniornia, wnere nis studio 'slocated, Douglas Fairbanks took hisentire company in a special train toLaramie, Wyo., where, thirty milesfrom the railroad station, he leasedthe Riverside Ranch, covering 160,000 acres, containing 30,000 head ofcattle."The Man From Painted Post" isunlike any previous Fairbanks vehicle in that it affords him an opportunity to display actual histrionictalent in addition to his own typicalstyle of acting. In contrast to themany humorous situations of theFairbanks variety are scenes of deepdramatic interest in which the versatile Douglas proves his ability asan actor. Supporting the star is anexcellent cast, including Eileen Percey, Frank Campeu, Frank Clark,Herbert Standing, William Lowry,Rhea Haines, Charles Stevens an,dMonte Blue. The picture was staged under the direction of JosephHenaberry, assisted by MillardWebb.to la mHUNTING CLOTHES.!Duxbax waterproof coats, heavysweaters, leggings, flannel shirts,reasonably priced.J. W. DAVIS & CO.15 15S lOHOGS KILLED.We will kill your hogs for yoamuch cheaper than you can do thejob for,. Let us figure with you.MARGOLEN'S SANITARY MEATMARKET. (13-2t)3)Wilmoth'sSalt-RisingBread!Angel FoodCake!Don't That"Listen Good?"WILMOTHGrocery Co.Phone 3763Mr. Douglas ThomasT:efr?pf fiame WardenChester Tuesday afternoon, afterhaving made a trip over Clark county in an effort to ascertain if thereHad been any violations of the gamerr... -n a i,oC hAPTi fiTPd as i ,.f.0rv Mr. Thomas reponeu mothe date for opening the Paris to- inability to find any violations butbacco market, and the event is being called attention to the fact tnaitnanticipated with much interest, as game laws would be in force unmthe sales will put a large amount oj yesterday.money in circulation. Top prices are He also called attention to iueexpected to be realized on the local , necessity of hunters haying weirmarket. hunting license before taking to theGood hogs are scarce and prices flelds to hunt quail and rabbits, unhigher than ever known oefore. leS5 the hunting was connnea toNew corn sells for $10 a barrel, and ones own property, when in suchold cera at $5 to $6 a barrel, mak- cases a licenses is unnecessary. A,ing BWln feeding a costly job. I cording to the law hunters mustPotatoes are retailing at fifty centslve in their possession the licensesper peck ia wtll quantities, and atlwWch permit them to aunt if theyi ka mm fcW3-fa ire nuantities &- me on any other premisesWflRGOLEN'SSPECIALSFor This WeekGood Grade Cof- onfee, per pound aOCGood Grade --Flour,24-lb.sack..2l-tUHead Rice inpsr pound 1UCPork Chops nper pound -OUCSausage OAper pound oUCMARGOLEN'SSanitary Meat MarketDON'T MISSTHIS SALE!SIMON'SSAVE ON ACOAT NOWNovember .GreatestCOAT SALE!Bringing to the Women of this City Just the Coats ThatThey Want At Savings of From $5.00 to $10.00.UST the right styles, the rightcolors, the right materials Coatsfor every tvoe and occasionWomen's Coats Misses' Coats Juniors' Coats extra size Coats.2,000 Coats all told over fifty different styles; every fabric and color;undoubtedly the greatest coat sale oftheseason.COATS at$12.98A group of winter' newestmodels in flared, belted andsemi-fitted styles: large collars, trimmed with Kerami and silk plush;large pockets, wide belts, finished with buckles and buttons. All new fall colorings.Clearance Sale ofMILLINERYAt Less than One-Half Price.$4.00 and $5.00 UntrimmedHats at $1,987.50 and $10.00 UntrimmedHats at - S3 .98$2.00 and $3.00 Trimmed Hats $ 1 loo$3.00 and 4.00 Trimmed Hats $1 .98$4.00 and $5.00 Trimmed Hats $2.98$5.00 and $6.00 Trimmed Hats $3.98$10 and $12.50 Trimmed Hats $4.98$20 and $25 Pattern Hats..$1 O.OO$1.00 and $1.25 Children'sBonnets at 59c$1.00 and $1.25 Hat Trimmings. .49cChildren's Tarns at 50c25c and 35c Ribbons at 1 5cCOATS atCOATS at$16.50A most wonderful selectionsnappy new styles, made ofall wool, velours,, cheviots andKerseys, smartly belted, flared, plaited; Empress and rippled effects, with large collars offur; plush, velvet or Kerami; submarine orcape effects; oddly shaped pockets; deep cuffsto add to the beauty of each garment; allnew colorings.$22.50Style, quality and warmthare the dominating featuresof these wonderful coats. Allup-to-the-minute styles. Many copies ofhigh-priced models shown; in Velours, Pompoms, Borellas and Kerseys. Many highwaisted models, large fur collars, otherstrimmed with fur fabrics or self material ;many full lined; all new colorings.HARRY SIMONOne Price To All MA,NMAIN STREET ,LEXINGTON, KY.STREETPARIS, KY.Agent For Munsing Wear and Warner's Rust Proof Corsets.Join Our McDougallnnuBu i$1We Have Only a Few Places Left !and $1.00 Per WeekPuts One In Your Home$iv - iitAnd you get thebest Kitchen Cabinet made when youget theMcDougallAnd the McDougallis the only KitchenCabinet made thathas theAUTODISAPPEARINGFRONTJust a Few Places Left!Join the Club To-day!THEJ.T.HINTONCO.MOTOR HEARSMOTOR INVAtib&QACHUNDERTAKINGa,Jthan their own.ior wiitvwr nwiHeym JLm.- a ' - iiT-i. 4-Y.a. r-mrttf p"...-..''THE BOURBON NEWS, PARIS, EY..-i FRIDAY, NOVEMBER If,, IS 17.lvIt uiiIfVPERUNA Best AllAround MedicineI HopeYouWillPublishTliisLetter3AKEES MUST TAKE OUT LICENSES AFTER DEC. 10.All the bakeries in the UnitedSlates, including those of hotels,restaurants and clubs, excepting onlysmall neighborhood bakers of breadwho use less than ten barrels offlour monthly, are required to comeunder Federal license after December10 by a proclamation issued by thePresident.Under its regulations the Food Administration will standardize breadmaking, and Administrator Hooverexpects to force' prices for poundloaves downward, probably to sevenor eight cents. Fancy breads willbe eliminated. Loaves are to be onejound, one and a half pounds, twopounds and four pounds.IS 151$100 REWARD $100The readers of this paper will bopleased to learn that there is at leastone dread disease that science hasbeen able to cure in all its stages andthat is catarrh. Catarrh being greatly influenced by constitutional conditions requires constitutional treatment. Hall's Catarrh Medicine istaken internally and acts throughthe blood on the Mucous Surfaces ofthe System thereby destroying thefoundation of the disease, giving thepatient strength by building up theconstitution and assisting nature indoing its work. The proprietors haveeo much faith in the curative powers Jor Hall's catarrn Medicine tnat theyoffer One Hundred Dollars for anycase that it fails to cure. Send forlist of testimonials.Address F. J. CHENEY & CO.,Toledo, Ohio. Sold by all Druggists,''75 cents.(nov-addv)fvhJhBwJsVWffl&EfJ"'k vassWflH&z -. sar"VnV.BA MAN AND HIS WIFELEVY, THE DRY CLEANERCumberland Phone 40L. & N. TIME TABLEs Effective, Sunday, June 17, 1917, 12:01 a. xn.TRAINS FROM , ARRIVALWo34 Atlanta, daily ....". ... 5:25 am26 Cynthiana, daily except Sunday . .....7:35 amIt Rowland, daily except Sunday -....7:36 am11 Maysville daily except Sunday. ,...7:38 am40 Lexington daily except Sunday'. , ...7:40 am211 Maysville, Sunday anly 8:00 amriO Rowland, Sunday only 8:05 am240 Lexington, Sunday only 8:10 am7 Cincinnati, O., daily 10:05 am12 Lexington, daily 10:02 am93 Chicago, daily 10:17 am18 Lexington Daily Except Spnday. 12:00 m9 Maysville, Daily Except Sunday 3:00 pm138 Lexington, Daily 3:07 pm38 Knoxville, Tenn., Daily 3:15 pmIS Maysville, Daily 5:40 pm39 Cincinnati, Daily Except Sunday 5:50 pm14 Lexington, Daily Except Sunday 6:18 pm32 Jacksonville, Fla., Daily 6:33 pm239 Cincinnati, Sunday only - 9:30 pm31 Cincinnati, O., Daily ; ..'. 10:38 pm134 Lexington Daily ..... .... 10:23 p mTRAINS FOR LEAVE34 Cincinnati, waily 5:30 am40 Cincinnati, daily except Sunday 7:45 am11 Lexington, daily except Sunday 7:47 am10 Maysville. daily except Sunday - ..,., .7:48 am140 Cincinnati, Sunday oaly 8:20 am. 13 Lexington, daily except Sunday v 10:25 am37 Knoxville, daily V ...10:32 am33 Jacksonville, daily 10:22 am218 Maysville, Sunday only ';... 12:04 pm129 Lexington, daily except Sunday." . . . . 3:25 pm38 Cincinnati, daily 3:20 pm39 Lexington, daily except Sunday '. )...5:57 pm9 Rowland, Daily except Sunday i ......6:00 pm14 Maysville, daily except Sunday 6:33pm32 Chicago, daily : , :38fcmM Cynthiana, daily except Sunday ;. 648 sm214 Maysville, Sunday only .,. 9:30 pm219 Laxington, Sunday only 9:38 pm299 Rowland, Sunday only i.io LIt Ltxlatfon, Daily .W.'i'iJpS- NJ- .. TRAINS ARRIVE FROM4 Fraakfort, Ky., Daily Er .Sunday..... 5:5;w -,. TRAINS DEPART FOR .i J Frailrfort. Ky., .Jally fc. Sanaa.. ....;.. .V..V.....1 :6 "Ever MadeMr. W. H. Edgar, 49 Cooper St, Atlanta, Georgia, writes:"I suffered for fifteen years withJ-rheumatic symptoms. Peruna curedme ana i tninK it is tne Desc anaround medicine ever made. I hopeyou will publish this letter for thebenefit of others who suffer."Those who object to liquid medicines can procure Peruna Tablets.DECEMBER WOMAN'S HOMECOMPANION.Sophie Kerr begins "The GoldenBlock," a new serial, in the Decemher Woman's Home Companion. Shewill be remembered as the author of"The Blue Envelope" and other stories. Maude Radford "Warren writesabout "The Women Over There" andwhat they are doing; Corrine Lowetells about the experiences of a fashionable dressmaker; and Mary Heaton Vorse has a short article on"How Will John Stand It?" whichdeals with economy of food.Other, short stories by SylviaChatfield Bates, Leslie Davis andDon M. Parker are in this number inaddition to the "Soldiers All" andTreasure and Trinket Fund departments. The fashion department, conducted by Grace Margaret Gould, thecooking, picture, and "youngerreader" sections are all up to theminute and bristling with helpfuland entertaining suggestions.Ea laFOR A WEAK STOMACH.As a general rule all you need todo is to adopt a diet suited to yourage and occupation and to keep yourbowels regular. When you feel thatyou have eaten too much and whenconstipated, take one of Chamberlain's Tablets.(nov-addv)ta is "PaOne White Leghorn hen in Kentucky has laid 289 eggs in a year,but cui bono? Eggnog has gone andthe Bourbon State is in dry coldstorage, whether the hens know is ornot.may both' derive satisfactionby having their worn anc) soiledorarments cleaned bv us. Theicost is nominal, while the pie asure of wearing old clothes thathave the appearance of new, inconjunction with the knowledgethat you are effecting a greatving, must surely satisfy you.A phone.brings us.Home Phone 1692EAELY IAMBS SHOW BIGPROITTSFarm and Fireside says:"Raising early lambs is a brofiitable business on any Eastern form.The lambs are finished and marketedearly and the ewes are sheared during April. At that season the fleeceis in first-class condition and willcommand a good price in the . woolmarket. The wool helps to pay forthe cost of feed. And the manure isa rich fertilizer that is worth all thestraw and roughage used to make it."I consider it costs me about twocents- a day to feed a sheep, becauseI raise all the rations and roughageon the farm. Under my system ofraising sheep, I buy the ewes at thestockyard in July, and the same animals are conditioned for market andsold the following March or April."The cost, of maintenance forabout 75 days is $6. This year thewool averaged $2 an animal. Themanure is a profit. Each lambbrought $10. The fattened ewes always average a profit of $7 a ewefor the 275 days on the farm, andthe manure."fe IS isGIRLS! .HAVE A MASSOF BEAUTIFUL HAIR,SOFT, GLOSSY, WAVYA Small Bottle Destroys Danliruffand Doubles Beauty ofYour Hair.Within ten minutes after an application of Danderine you can not finda single trace of dandruff or fallinghair and your scalp will not itch,but what will please you most willbe after a few weeks' use, when yousee new hair, fine and downy at firstyes but really new hair growing all over the scalp.A little Danderine immediatelydoubles the beauty of your hair. Nodifference how dull, faded, brittleand scraggy, just osten a" clothwith Danderine and carefully drawit through your hair, taking onesmall strand at a time. The effectis amazing your hair will be light,fluffy and wavy, and have an appearance of abundance; an incomparable lustre, softness and luxuriance. ,Get a small bottle of Knowlton'aDanderine from any drug store ortoilet counter for a few cents andprove that your hair is as prettyand soft as any that it has beenneglected or injured by carelesstreatment that's all you surelycan have beautiful hair and lots ofit if you will just try a little Danderine. (ady)typtr&WEftmwfrcoALiMalwsiaJoy-':compIete'igK ;''7 ' U WfJtffitytTHERE'S a heap of joyin a ton of good coal.Your stove or furnacewon't have much troublefrom extracting comfortfrom a ton of coal if youNbuy it from' us. Our rapiddelivery will please you.W. C. DODSONSouth Main St.The Home of Good CoalYou Don't Have toStoopIf You Use aGarlandCabinetRangebRESSSbVBsWbWbVbbBflBaaawaaBBaaaSSBmr""nA beautiful line of Garlands on !Jay. Come In and look thtm ytiv,Paris Gas & Electric Co.. (ittfioimttiy ,,,WAR TALKSBy UNCLE DANNumber FiveJimmie and a German Boy ClashMust Do Three Things to SaveCountry.It was a warm evening! so UncleDan went out to a'lawn seat under thespreading branches of the great treethat suggested the farm's name of OakHill. Billie and Jimmie had been laying for him, so Uncle Dan was captured by the boys on short order."Say, Uncle Dan," Billie began. "Wehad a red-hot argument at school yesterday with Carl Newman. Carl saidthat German schools were miles aheadof our schools and that no one couldcome up to the educated German. Well,Jimmie got hot under the collar andhanded it back to him good and plenty.Jimmie said if their education taughtthem to torpedo Lusitanias, sink hospital ships, murder hundreds of women and children, make slaves ofthe Belgians, poison wells, destroy fruittrees and commit all sorts of crimes,then we did not want that kind .ofeducation here. What do you thinkabout It, Uncle Dan? I told Jimmieyou spent a lot of time in Europe andknew all about schools, so give us youropinion.""Well," replied Uncle Dan, deliberately, "the German schools are verythorough ; they furnish exceedingly valuable and practical instruction. Theindustrial training given there is probably the best to be found. The schoolsas a whole, however, in my opinion,appeal to the head only, and never tothe heart. The aim and trend Is tomake the individual blindly submissive to the Prussian plan of world dominion; thdy teach that it is the destiny of Germany to rule the world, andthat to the glory and advance of Germany, in this plan, all things must giveway; that the kaiser as head of thestate,, can do no wrong if he carriesforward the plan of world control.Some of the greatest teachers andpreachers even defend and justify herheartless crushing of Belgians and themany other atrocious crimes she hascommitted In this war. Thank God,our American education reaches boththe head and the heart. It Is an education with a soul, and we must maintain the high Ideals we have fixed. Ina word, In Germany, the people aretaught that they exist for the government, while here the government exists to serve the people.""Just wait a minute," InterruptedBillie. Say that over again slowly, soI can write It down."Uncle Dan, smilingly, complied.Billie exclaimed : "Now, we will handthat nut out for Carl to crack.Carl, you know," continued Billie,"has a very smart father who keeps.him posted on the German arguments.Carl said our government was onlyan experiment anyway; that it wouldnot last twenty " years, and that itmiglvt burst up any old time. Jimmieasked him if Germany was so mightygood, why they did not go back thereto live.""Our government will go on forever,won't it, Uncle Dan?""Now," said Uncle Dan, "you areraising a big question, and one thathas troubled me for years. Our government is still in the experimentalstage; in fact, It Is the greatest experiment ever undertaken, and If popular government is to be successful, afew things must be done, otherwise, toparaphrase the great Lincoln, the government of the people, by the 'people.and for the people, will perish. It Ismy firm conviction," said Uncle Dan,in a very Impressive manner, "that Ifour country Is to go on, as we hopeand pray, vte must very quickly doat least three things, and I will namethem in the order of Importance as itappears to me:"First, adopt compulsory universalmilitary training of all young menphysically fit before they reach theage'of twenty years."Next, require that every foreignerwho comes here to live must, within areasonable time, say a year, declarehis Intention of becoming an Americancitizen and take the necessary steps todo so, thereby, from that moment, assuming all the obligations of citizenship of our country, and that means hemust -defend our" flag upon equal termswith our native born, and If he is notwilling to do this, he should be sentback from whence he came.""That's the stuff," exclaimed Billie.' "And, finally, enact such legislationas will make voting compulsory. PopHular government is based upon theparticipation of all and the rule ofthe majority, and democracy cannotcontinue and be successful unless welive up to the spirit of the institution. "The first step, however, Is the passing of the Chamberlain bill for universal military training.If you will get!the leading citizen, and especially theeditor of .your paper, to write personalletters to your congressman and bothsenators, urging their support, It win' help enormously."I- see by the morning papers," saidUncle Dan, "that the Rotary clubs ofthe entire country, the livest, most efficient organization to be found, haveunanimously decided to get -back ofthe Chamberlain bill and give It loyalana eninusiasnc support. Tney willwork with the Universal MilitaryTraining league to accomplish this important piece of legislation, which willdo more? than anything else to make usa real nation with a common view-Jpoint, brings us back to Mne llvinf, andteach vm the patriotism of Mryicf." .Your TelephoneA Money Maker IIf busy farmers, who are selling their stock and produce at good prices, were to be deprived of their telephone, they would readily place the value of the instrument at anywhere from $5.00 to $35.00 a day.. You will find the secret of the prosperous farmer'ssuccesss lies in his prompt telephone communication withthe local and city markets.Our new Directory will go to press soon and it is burendeavor to supply you continuously good telephone service day and night. Our rates are reasonable.Paris Home Telephone S Telegraph Go.(IncorporatedJ. J. VEATCH, W. H. CANNON,District Manager. local Manager.i The Bourbon LaundryDAVIS & FUNK, Props.Telephone No. 4.iiu i 'pli& if -Bourbon Laundry,Paris7 Kentucky.THEBeautif u 1 -Pass Christian, NewportPass Christian is the Newport of i excellent transportation service overthe Gulf Coast, and one of the most the Louisville & Nashville places allfashionable and popular " resorts in the divisions of the metropolis withinthe South. The town, of about 2,000 reach of visitors at Pass Christian,permanent population, is very gen- j who make a day for shopping in Newerally engaged in entertaining and ; Orleans and return in time for dinserving the large number who come : ner, which is one of the social funchere, summer and winter, for recre-Jtions at The Pass; or, remaining inatipn. Society congregates at "The , the city for dinner, "you can returnPass" at all seasons the summer . at your pleasure later in the evening,guests coming from neighboring The hotels rank with the finest inSouthern cities the winter throng the country, and there are many defrom all parts of the North. lightful old country homes, wherePass Christian was named for a good board and real Southern hospiSpanish explorer who discovered the tality are found. The inland coun-deep-waterpass that lies close to the try back of Pass Christian is beautimain shore. It is an old and much ' f ul, and many charming drives mayhonored settlement, having been a be taken over the excellent roadi,popular resort from far back in ante- among fine, productive fruit andbellum days. Tradition associates tt truck farms, which ship much of thewith the gayest of Southern society early garden stuff that is so eagerlyand with men and women famous in sought in northern markets. Thehigh social circles of this and foreign fishing in St. Louis Bay and the triblands; President Wilson is one of utary streams is excellent, manvPass Christian's recent notable anglers finding their best sport in theguests, its location is one or tnechoicest on the Coast. The low-lyinshore slopes upward to wooded hills,where pines and splendid old oaks,magnolias, palmettoes and a varietyof tropic vegetation grow and flowerand flourish luxuriantly, while leans, who own cottages and bungaflne old homes, elegant modern villas lows and come here for the waterand charming bungalows line the av- sports and the fishing. It is also popenues and drive along the. shore, ular in winter with many northernLife is ever atractive at The Pass; people who prefer the quiet cottagethere is boating, motoring, golf, ten- life, with the accompanying freedomnis and fishing by day and dancing for outdoor sports, to the gayer andand all other indoor festivities for more fashionable routine of the largthe evening. Pass Christian boasts er neighboring resorts,of one of the finest golf courses any- Pass Christian arid Bay St. Louiswhere in the South. are reached only by the modern steelIts proximity to New Orleans and passenger trains of theLOUISVILLE & NASHVILLE RAILROAD(Nov2-16)KENTUCKY TRACTION& TERMINAL COMPANYInterurban Schedule.i CARS LEAVEParisforLexingtonforParis6:00 a. m.7:20 a. m.8:0d a. m.8:50 a. m.10:20 a11:50 a1:20 p2:50 p3:30 p4:20 p .5:00 pLexington6:45 a. m.7:30 a. m.8:15 a. m.'9:00 a. m9;45 a. m.11:15 a- m-12:45 p. m.2:15 p. m.3:45 p. m.4:30 p. m.5:15 p. m.6:05 p. m.6:50 p. m.8:16 p. m.10:06 p. m.6:00 p. in.7:20 p. m.9:10 p. tn.11:00 p. m.CAHALBR0S.BARBER 8HOPPrompt andCourteousPatrons.Attention toCM'aW-st 5 Street' Satisfaction is OurWatchword.With all the latest im-i provements in laundryappliances anu experthelpers we are preparedto do work inferior tonone, and solicit yourpatronage.Gulf - Coast Ilittle rivers and streams of the imme-fdiate interior.Across the bay from Pass Christianis the somewhat exclusive cottageresort of Bay St. Louis, a place much-frequented by residents of New Or-Professional Cards.WML GRAN NANAttorneyat-LiwROOMS 401-402.FIRST NATL BANK BUILDINGDR. WM. KENNEYEye, Ear, Nose rand Throat.ROOMS 403-404.FIRST NAT'L BANK BUILDING.PHONE 136.tyhenyoufcelfvous, tired, Worded or despondent it is vsuresignvouneedMOrrSNCRVEItlN!,PILLS: They renew the normal vigor anmake life worth livitg. BeW ad ik k'W&UAltfcMP&G0.f.Cfa4lN Hwwqtwu,. "1'OH 3.,i.r-j ;'."V--tM.i ..AjJiteX-.JfiJng.--',,W - " - .-. mKmfOMBWSTiLairgt-JHOT 119 COLD UTB&iFRIDAY, NOVEMBER 16, 1917.!iRE BOURBON NEWS; PARTS. KY.v. f "FAGB8KVBPcCHKISTMAS GIFTS FOR EVERYcswggy "!. jutJtimMjSjw .i--- k.v.SOLDIER AT CAMP TAYLOR.Santa Claus is going to "do libbit" He is formerly pledged to helptan the war by distributing goodcheer and gifts on Christmas eveamong the soldiers from Kentucky,Indiana and Illinois stationed" atCamp Zachary Taylor in Louisville.Official cognizance of his enlistmenthas been taken by Maj. Gen. HarryC. Hale, commanding officer of thebis? camp at the falls of the OhioHirer.The Courier-Journal, of whichHenry Watterson is editor, has volunteered to act as Santa Claus inkhaki to that portion of the National Army located at the Louisville cantonment and has givenpledge that every officer and private,numbering over 30,000 men, will receive a gift. Gen. Hale has acceptedthe generous offer ,nd promised cooperation in making the Christmascelebration a noteworthy and unusual event in military history.THE BOURBON NEWS has unitedwith the Courier-Journal and theother leading metropolitan, and ruralnewspapers of the three States in themovement and will work for a splendid representation of this community in the effort to remind the gallant sons of the three States that thefolk "back home" are thinking ofthem.The plans provide for a mammothChristmas tree in front of each regimental headquarters at Camp Zachary Taylor on Christmas eve. Friendsand relatives of men stationed atthe camp are urged to send theirgifts by mail or express in care of'Santa Claus, S4th Division, Courier-Journal;Louisville, Ky." Packages should be forwarded early. Extieme care must be taken to writeplainly the name, company and regiment of the man for whom the giftis intended. An immense wareroorain a fireproof building has been engaged for the storage of gifts priorto placing them on the trees.If any officer or private has received no gift just before Christmas,presents will be supplied for him bythis modern Santa Claus of the quilland shears. A fund for this purposeis now being raised by the Courier.lournal and contributions to itshould be addressed in same manner as though other gifts are sent.On the afternoon before Christmaseach regimental tree will be decorated and wired for electric illumination. The gifts will be hung in placeunder the joint supervision of thenewspaper Santa Claus and the officers of the 84th Division. Shortlyafter dusk every man in each regiment will assemble before 'his regimental tree. The lights will be turned on, the bands will play and everysoldier at Camp Zachary Taylor willstep forward as his name is calledout to find that Santa Claus has notforgotten him.TREE LIST SUSPENDED; NOTICETO THE PUBLIC.No more free copies of the BOURBON NEWS.No more free copies of the Ken-tuckian-Citizen.No more free copies of the ParisDemocrat.Single copies of paper five centseach.The high cost of all materials thatenter into the production of newspapers compel the publishers as amatter of self-protection and economy to adopt this course.Subscribers who fail to receivetheir paper, and advertisers whosecontracts include the paper, will bepromptly supplied.SWIFT CHAMP,Publisher BOURBON NEWS.BRUCE MILLER,Publisher Kentuckian-Citizen.WM. REMINGTON,Publisher Paris Democrat..July 27, 1917.THIS. WILL BE GOOD NEWS FORTHE EIDS.There will be no shortage of toysto fill the stockings of Americanchildren this Christmas, despite thealmost complete absence of the familiar "made, in Germany" kind.An announcement by the Department of Commerce said Americanmanufacturers had developed an industry which not merely could supply home demands, but export a surplus something never before knownin the American toy trade.GRltGO AFTER THEM!TosiISiIris!mmJjjriMSm"AihVUI5I1ft;$1This Big Aluminum Cereal CookerWe make this One-Week Offer to Housewives here who have not liad this Cooker.The cost of Aluminum has doubled. Cooker prices have enormously advanced.But, in fairness to those who missed it last year,' Ve repeat this Dollar OfferCookers SuppliedTo a Million HomesWe have supplied Quaker Cookers toa million homes at very little prices.But the cost has advanced until our offeris almost impossible.But grocers tell us that many housewives missed our former offer. They areusing Quaker Oats and Pettijohn's, andthey want this Aluminum Cooker. Infairness, they shoulcl have it.So we renew this offer for next weekonly. It applies only to housewiveswhom we have not supplied already. Itapplies only to users of Quaker Oats orPettijohn's, or both. It means twice asmuch as this Dollar Offer meant twoyears ago. Get this Cooker next weekif you are entitled to it. You owe thatto yourself.Double Cooker pf ? llJXft9ip faPure Aluminum p i illlillis IPExtra Large and Heavy i$ Z. SgajSjSgf &jCereal Capacity 2 Qts. Yg. E. 3lEiSl? -SLifetime UtensilTo Rightly CookTwo Famous DishesWe want every user of Quaker Oataand Pettijohn's to cook these cerealsrightly. Right cooking makes themdoubly delightful. It keeps the flavorintact. It makes them easy to digest.This Aluminum Cooker has beenmade to order to meet exact requirements. It is extra large, so little, ormuch can be cooked in it. It is extraheavy, made to last a lifetime.This Cooker will next week cost youonly $1, if you send us the trademarkswe ask for. This is a costly offer.And we simply want to know, beforesending the Cooker, that you are aQuaker Oats user.Jr ML 3L ?Eeek OnlySend us two trademarks (picture of Quaker) cut from packages of Quaker Oats. Also one trademark (picture of bear) cut from the front of one package of Pettijohn's. Or, if you prefer, send fivetrademarks from Quaker Oats alone. Send us $1 with these trademarks and we will mail the Cooker by'parcel post. Trademarks must be mailed next week. This, offer applies to this vicinity only. AddressThe Quaker Oats Company, 1708 Railway Exchange, ChicagoOatsich Saves Yera 75UnaWhkerPettijohii,-stThe Laxative LuxuryMeasured by food value, Quaker Oats costs one-fourth as much as ,theaverage mixed diet. So each dollar you spend for Quaker Oats saves anaverage of $3. Oats stand supreme among grain foods, in nutrition and inflavor. They form a complete food, supplying every need. As an energy,food their fame is proverbial.Ivlake this the chief breakfast dish. Meat and esres cost five and sixtimes as much. Alo use Quaker Oats in bread and muffins, pancakes andcookies. No other food is bo economical.Use Quaker Oats because of the matchless flavor. It is made of queen.grain's only just the big, piump, luscious 6ath. We get but 10 pounds froma bushel. Yet it costs you no extra price.Pettijohn's Breakfast Food is soft rolled wheat, hiding 25 per cent branflakes. It is a ilavory dainty of which no one ever tires. And it suppliesthe needed bran. Bran is Nature's laxative. Everybody' need3 it. Most' folks would feel better if they ate it every day.Fine foods clog the system. Bran supplies the needed roughage. Everydoctor, as you know, urges its use, to avoid the need of drugs.Try it one week. Note the good spirits which result. Never again willyou return to a branless diet.Pettijohn's Flour is another bran dainty. That is 75 per cent whitepatent flour and 25 per cent bran flakes. Use like Graham flour in any recipe.With these two products every meal can include some bran-made dainty.trr&-i.WL?e Gracers Will Feature the Cooker Offer Next WeekBALDWIN' BROS..Seventh and Main Streets.CHAS. P. COOK & CO: Main Street.DAN JORDAN Cor. Main and Tenth Sts.A. B. LOVELL Eighth Street.CURTIS L. TALBOTT...... Eighth Street.FRANK JACOBS Cor. Eighth and High Sts.BUSY BEE CASH STORE Main Street.LOGAN HOWARD Fifth and Main Streets.LUSK & SHE A 334 Main Street.WILMOTH & CO Main St., opp. Court House.FARMERS' SUPPLY CO Main Street.S. T. CHIPLEY South Main Street.CURTIS HENRY & CO South Main Street..TRY "CASCARETS" TORIIVER AND BOWELS9 IF SICK OR BILIOUSTo-night! Clean Your Bowels andStop Headache, Colds, SourStomach.Enemy propagandists now at workin the United States soon will berounded up and the spy menacelargely eliminated, Assistant Attorney General Fitts declared in an address in Washington. Special significance was attached to the statement because of the pending plan ofthe President to require all alienenemies to register.1 Pa feBe Lenient in Judgment.It is only by trying to understandothers that we can get our own heartsunderstood; and in matters of humanfeeling the clement judge is the mostSuccessful pleader.Get a 10-cent box now.Turn the rascals out the headache, biliousness, indigestion, th3sick, sour stomach ond bad coldsturn them out to-night and keepthem out with Cascarets.Millions of men -and women takea uascaret now ana tnen ana neverknow the misery caused by a lazyliver, clogged bowels, or an upsetstomach. jDon't put in another day of distress. Let Cascarets- cleanse youstomach; take the excess bilefrom your liver and carry out all theconstipated waste matter and poison,in the bowels. Then you will feelgreat.A Cascaret to-night straightensyou out by morning. They workwhile you sleep. A 10-cent boxfrom any drug store means a clearliver and bowel action for months.Children love Cascarets becausethey never gripe, or sicken. (adv)aHHBMaRHHaHHMMaHBHBaBaiMaaMIBHHHEM" ia&3pKJT-:X J&S&iile& MThat Kentucky ram that sold theother day for $2,600 must have beenthe ram with the golden fleece.m m mA plan's leg was caught and pulledin a revolving door in a LouisvilleTiotel. Here they have bill clerkslor the Mae purpose.The gunsthat never sleep.American Press in Leslie'sThe MOST war-picturesThe BEST war-picturesnocT" : JALeslie's4-ATen cents.VhuttakiWetkfy NirnisfoptrAt the news stands everywhereG. W. DAVISFuneral DirectorCorner Fifth and Pleasant Streets, Paris, Ky.Day Phones 137 Night Phones 299 or 999Automobile Ambulance Automobile HearseUndertakingOur Winton-Six Automobile Ambulance with Johnson &Johnson First Aid Equipment and the Lungmotor (recentlysecured by us at great expense) a resuscitating device forthose apparently dead from drowning, gas poisoning, electricshock, collapse from anaesthasia, etc., always ready for service, DAY OR NIGHT. Phone us immediately when anaccident occurs.FUTURE LIBERTY LOANS.(The New Republic.)In the course" of the next fifteenmonths if the war continues weshall need to raise six loans comparable in magnitude to the two wehave already raised. In those 15 jmonths we shall be compelled to findI? s muck money for war-making asthe German Government has raisedfrom the outset of hostilities to thepresent day. We are a much richerpeople, but a people far more expensive to maintain. The loans thatare to come can only be taken upthrough the exercise by the wholepeople of a degree of thrift quitealien to our traditional mode of living. tj2 i- - -fHens LayAMAZINGLYwhen kept In good condition withBOURION POULTRY REMEDYI ArewuropaimnounnKinE waterI keeps nens neaiui7 and niau.esI them lay. Cures and provpntaroup, colds, sore-head and otherl diseases. One 60-cent bottlel makes 12 pv.lons of medtrine.t At drtieslmt or. br mall ioRt-paid. Toulfry boulr fre on ruji'mt"''. n rfrar iK tL HTfiniiqSCit UTLIVI CO., Lccciaa, Ij.(till feb. 1)10 Bubets fr $2.00(11 ii you act now)Includingr-Winter FashionsVjnity NumberChristmas GiftsNumber,Holiday NumberLingerie NumberMotor NumberForecast ot Spring"FashionsSprinsr Millinery EtcMail coupon todayWhat New York womenwill wear this winterVOGUEPublished twice a moatkgives the only authoritative forecasts of the seasaa'smodes with full illustrations and descriptions of successful creations.. 2.00 in-yested in "Vogue" will saveou from costly mistakes.Special offer, send no money m wVogue,19 West 44th St., N. Y. City.Send me 10 numbers of Vogue beginning with Nov.IS number at special $2.00 rate. If this coupon is received in time, I understand yu will also sead mecomplimentary copy of Nov. 1 (Winter Fashions).Name ...... .'Address y,City ' States.... 'rr . : ... i .FRIDAY, NOVEMBER If, lfl7.f AGE EIGHTAJIUUtUUM 1 4 Mil lit 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 i4 II 1 1 IIc32Hf' THE PARIS GRAND AND ALAMOTHE BOURBON NEWS,, PARIS; KY:1I14t4444The J. T. Hinton Co.UNDERTAKERSAND MMBALMERSParis Ky.IVIatrjand SitfiStreetsDay phone 36Night : . . 56or Home 286Motor equipment.Ambulance calls promptly attended to withLimousine Invalid Coach.Hearse used for funeral purposes only.our"I"I'4"M"I"MILLERSBURGJ " JViAXKliVlUJMAJL..AnnaremainofMrs. Belle Taylor, MrsDarnall and Mr. J. R. Longabout the same.Mr. Arbuckle, of Richmond, -was a guest oe uy. tt. ;u. jaoxiey, several days last week.Miss Maggie Clark has returned from a visit to Mr. and Mrs. C.A. Miller, in Cynthiana.- Mrs. James Howard left Saturday for a visit to her daughter, Mrs.Maifett, in Peoria, Illinois.Mr. O. R. Chambers, of Sardis,Ky., was a guest Monday and to-dayof his 'daughter, Mrs. R. M. Johnson.Dr. and Mrs. W. M. Miller, Mrs.Mack Butler and Prof. C. C. Fisher,were in Cynthiana this week to seeMr. A. C. Miller, who is very ill.Rev. J. W. Gardner and Dr. W.M. Miller attended the called meeting of the Frankfort District Conference of the M. E. Church South, atHinton, Monday and Tuesday.The Army Y. M. C. A. campaign was busy here Wednesday.Committees appointed for the purpose visited various parts of the precinct, and our allotment was raised.Misses Mary Ross, Louise Myall,Martha Viley and Messrs. H. C. Current, Reuben Letton, Clarence Wasson and Julian Adair motored toGeorgetown, Wednesday, where they-were guests of Miss Viley's parentsat luncheon.The hunting season .opened inthis vicinity yesterday. A numberof automobiles, occupied by localsportsmen and guests, visited different farms in the neighborhood, returning last night, some reportinggood luck, some bad and some indifferent. Mrs. Emma Gragg, Mr3. A. M.Cox; Mrs. Eugene Gragg, Mr. andMrs W. K. Gregory, Mr. and Mrs.Arthur Talbott and daughter, MissAlice Talbott, Miss Jennie Moore and"Mr. J. Stanley Talbott, all of Cynthiana, attended the funeral andburial here of Mrs. Virginia C. Pollock. Prof. Southgate, of the BotsonSchool of Expression and Oratory,xl "Boston, Mass., gave a reading atthe M. C. Auditorium, Monday evening, which was enjoyed by all wholieard him. We regret that the audience was not larger. Those who failed to hear him missed a treat.The first number of the LyceumCourse, under the auspices of theTied Cross Society, was given Wednesday evening at the M. C. Auditorium, to a large audience, by Mr.Chas. R. Laggart, tnusical humorist.Mr. Laggart's work was a departurefrom that which we are largely familiar. The novely of it made it exceedingly pleasing, and every number was enjoyed by the audience.LAUGHLIN BROWN.Miss Bessie Laughlin, daughterMr. and Mrs. Wm. J. Laughlin,Cynthiana, and Mr. SamuelBrown, of Harrison county, weremarried in Lexington, Wednesday.The bride's father is well-known inParis, where he visits regularly inconnection with his monument business.KEMP PARRISH.The marriage of Mr. V. J. Parrish, of Clintonville, this county, andMiss Anna Kemp, of Lexington, willtake place at the home of the bride,in Lexington, November 28. Mr.Parrish is a son of Mrs. Vina H. Parrish, of Clintonville, and a brother ofMiss Sadie Parrish, teacher in theWinchester Public Schools. He is ayoung man of excellent character,and is popular with everyone. Hisbride-elect is a pretty and very attractive young woman, who has ahost of friends. They will reside atthe home of the groom in. Clintonville.RUMMANS RASH.A telephone message to Parisfriends yesterday from Dry Ridge, inGrant County, bore the news of -thomarriage there of Miss Nellie Rummans, of Paris, and Mr. HedgesRash, of North Middletown.The ceremony was performed inthe parlors of the Carlsbad SpringsHotel, at Dry Ridge, where the groomhas been a guest for several weeks,while under treatment for rheumatism. The marriage was witnessedby a number of friends of both parties. The bridge is a handsome and attractive young woman, a sister ofMr. S. Rummans, Mrs. Tee EwaltMrs. George Ellis, Mrs. S. B. Clift,all of Bourbon county. She is agraduate of Paris High School and amember of its 'societies.Mr. Rash has been engaged in .themercantile business at North Middletown for several years, but had notbeen actively at work of late, owingto an attack of rheumatism.CROPPER ROBBINS.The marriage of Mr. James Landen Robbins, of near Little Rock,this county, and Miss AugustaShaffer Cropper, of Lexington, wascolmenized in the Christian church atDanville, Wednesday afternoon. After the ceremony Mr. and Mrs. Robbins returned to Lexington, thent for a short wedding trip to Cin-I have recently purchased the cinnati and other cities, and uponstore room lately occupied by Mr. J. their return they will reside at theP. Auxier, and have opened a store home of the groom near Little Rock,of general merchandise. My stock 'is j The first news of the engagementall new, and I make a specialty of of Mr Robbins and Miss, Cropper wasfresh meat and staple groceries. I announced Monday evening at aalso handle some drr goods and foot- and Mrg-wear. I am prepared to sell you at 4 J to J . .the lowest cash price. Remember I,Per to a few intimate friends. Mr.am out of the town limits, on the Robbins and Miss Cropper, accompaMaysville pike, opposite the Cynthi- nied by Mr. and Mrs. W. H. Dun--anapike, and can give you greater can and Mr. and Mrs. TUton Cassi-bargains for cash than you can. get i day, went in a motor car to Danville,elsewhere. I will deliver goods to any'part of Millersburg, where the order-amounts to as much as fifty cents.Home Phone 4.&novl3-2t) JAS. HOWARD.fT,HEN WANTED.Ik. Samess and saddle and collar cutter, "srax thread machine operators,harness makers. Men having experienced in custom shop can soon learnour methods of cutting. Good wagesand six months' work. Good boardcan. be had for $5 and up. No labortrouble and open shop. Railroadfare advanced to men furnishingreferences. The Perkins Campbellrto 22 Broadway, Cincinnati, O." (9-4t)where the ceremony was performed.The bride is an attractive and ac-J complished young woman, an accomplished musician and possessedof many graces of character. Thegroom, who is a brother of Mr. CarlC. Robbins, editor of the Winchester Daily Sun, and Miss Mabel Robbins, of Paris, County Superintendent of Schools, is a popular youngfarmer and trader of the NorthMiddletown and Little Rock vicinity,whose business requires his presencea great part of his time in Lexington.Friday, November 16.WILFRED LUCASIN'Her Excellency,The Governorff"AIRED IN COURT"Triangle Comedy with star cast.Pathe Weekly News No. 87.Saturday, November 17J. Stuart BlacktonPresents"THE BOTTOMOF THE WELL"A Vitagraph Bllie Ribbon Feature.Lawrence Lemon ina Big VComedy,"PLANS AND PAJAMAS"A sure laugh-getter.Monday, November 19Douglas Fairbanksin Artcraft Photo-play"The Man From Painted Post"By Douglas Fairbanks.From Story by Jackson Gregory.Chas, Murray, Wayland -Traskand Mary Thurmanin the funniest comedy to date"A Bed-Room Biunder"A new Paramount-Sennett Comedy in tworeels.PricesAt the Alamno Children 5c war tax lc; Adults 15c war tax 2c.At the Paris Grand Children 5c war tax lc; Adult 15c .war tax 2c.Colored persons, Children 5c war tax lc; Adults 10c war tax lc.ORCHESTRAAlamo 2 to 5:30Raris Grand 7 to 10:30DEATHS.WHITLEY.Mr. Lewis Whitley, aged fortyfive, of Bellehaven, North Carolina,a brother of Mr. Wade H. Whitley,of Paris, died in the Johns-HopkinsHospital, at Baltimore, Md., following a surgical operation. Mr. Whitley is survived by his wife and onechild.JOHNSON.Heart trouble proved fatal to liftle Hattie Mae Johnson, the eight-year-olddaughter of Mr. and Mrs.Jonathan Johnson, residing neavClintonville, in this county.The little child was playing witha number of her schoolmates atschool Tuesday afternoon, and aftera violent exertion suffered a suddenattack, succumbing before medicalaid could be summoned.The funeral service was held atthe Athens church in Fayettecounty, Wednesday, and the burialtook ,place in the Athens Cemetery.DUNN.Funeral services for John B.Dunn, aged fifty, who died near OldUnion church, on the Paris pike, atten o'clock to-morrow morning, conducted by Rev. W. M. Bottom,interment will follow in theburying ground at Old Union.Besides his widow, he is survivedby three daughters, Misses Cora,Dora and Daisy Dunn, of Old Union;Henry Dunn, of near Lexington, ZebDunn, of Harrison county, and Larkin Dunn, of Champaign, 111., andtwo sisters, Mrs. Ellen Wlialen, ofScott county, and Miss Mary Dunn,of Lincoln county.:STOCK, CROP, ETC.iThe Kentucky fall racing seasonclosed at Latonia, Saturday as a bigsuccess, financially and from a standpoint of interest. Every track inKentucky made money and reportsshow that war did not effect wager-!ing.xntj .r.iiLui;tt.y octica jjiuyo.iiy iojnow making arrangements for itsannual breeder's sale, during the-week beginning November 26. Alarge number of well-known breeders and owners will be contributorsand Ken Walker said prospects werefor a fine sale.At the public sale of stock andfarming implements belonging toMrs. Lula Johnson, held at her homeon the Paris and Ruddles Mills pike,cows sold from $65 to $96: heifers$35 to $60; fat hogs, $15.75 each;horses, $65 to $100. Farming implements sold well. There was alarge crowd in -attendance. Mrs.Johnson will move to Nelson county.153 IBs laTHE THANKSGIVING DINNER.: mmrmJk ilsomm,2 lmSmmJllmjm r, MhmimUk 52 zMmmmM&mfim fflmm 3mrzm nnzME? ri'BvnKKm.T.. a um.- w v yHN.iMaMuiHi':8 mMmmK. wmte tW9MS3mm ti MMfwiiwi wBmimmmwmm si 2All Kentucky is whisperingly inquiring as to possibilities of havingturkeys on the table for Thanks-The ' giving dinner and truly the outlooki j l is discouraging, but at least thechances for oysters, celery, sweetpotatoes and cranberries are excellent, and the pumpxins were neverbetter.Keep Your Kodak Busy!"The Army lives on letters" is the way the boys atfront put it. And when those longed-for envelopes withthe home town postmark contain pictures of the homefolks and home doings they go far toward making lighterhearts and happier faces.Keep your Kodak busy for the sake of the lads in thetrenches, the boys in camp and on shipboard. Help keeptight the bonds between the home and those who arefighting for that home.DAUGHERTY BROS.FIFTH AND MAIN STS.rHITCH.The funeral of Mrs. Mary Hitch,aeed seventv-two. who died at herhome on Second street, Tuesday ofBright's disease, was held yesterday!morning at ten o'clock, with services conducted at the grave byRev. G. R. Combs, pastor of theParis Methodist church.Besides her husband, Mr. HenryHitch, she is survived by threedaughters, 'Miss Mattie Hitch, whoresided at the family home on Second street; Mrs. Essie Crowe, ofEighth street, Paris; Mrs. NannieBryant, of Maize, Ind.two sons, Mr.Mr. Oscar Hitch, of Lilleston avenue.Paris, and Charles Hitch, of RuddlesMills.TSl IBS ISREAL ESTATE DEALS.ISk DBTmmiTL ll!t2Zj - 2 YlWir I II I'll I 1 I ICoke has been fixed at $6 a ton bythe Federal Government. Nowwhat's the selling price of coke?Mr. T. C. Clancey, of Shelbycounty, recently sold his farm, containing 25 acres, located on theBurk's Branch pike, in that county,to Mr. R. C. Linville, of -Bourboncounty. The price paid for the property was $8,000. Mr. Linville willget possession of the farm in March.Mr. Ben Skillman, of the NorthMiddletown vicinity, Has sold his200-acre farm in Nelson county for aprofit of $2,500" over the originalpurchase. Mr. Skillman will probably purchase a Shelby county farm,having spent several days prospecting in Shelby county.Mr. Breck- Harney, of Harrisoncounty, has purchased of Mr. MattLair, of Paris, the 102-acre farm located on the Clay and Kiser pike, adjoining the farm of Mrs. Frank Current, for about $150 per acre, andwill take possession in March. Mr.Lair will move to the F. P. Whitefarm, on the Lexington pike, whichhe recently purchased for $225 peracre.The sale of 864.21 acres of landcomprising a portion of the Elmendorf estate near Lexington, whichwas held Tuesday by Hal PriceHeadley and Chas. M. Marshall, ofLexington, and Wm. D. Mclntyre, ofMillersburg, resulted in a total ofI $182,622.60, or about $211.31 peracre. Mr. Mclntyre purchasedFarm D, comprising 289 acres for$132.50 per acre. Farm E, containing 159 8-10 acres, was sold toMr. Henry S. Caywood, of Paris, for$245.50 per acre. Mr. W. O. Wagner, of near Paris, bought Farm F,containing 35 acres for $255 peracre.The sale was given publicitythrough THE BOURBON NEWS, asrepresenting one of the leading advertising mediums in this section.( mIIV-U 1 IJy ' LJ 11 lvV11 11 Vm M 11 viThat Should Crowd OurStore All Day Saturday!UP T7- TH'eTminuTE MEN'S,WOMEN'S AND CHILDREN'SSEASONABLE FOOTWEARAlso Winter Boots, Felts Rubbers and House Slippers of AllKinds at Prices which Offer Great Savings to Our CustomersAt no store in Paris and its vicinity can you find such dependale footwear in the newest styles and at such wonderful savings. Our successful advance' purchases, volume ofbusiness, low expenses and cash make these great offerings to .our customers possible.Ladies' Gun Metal Boots$ 1 .99 and $2.49Ladies' Black EnglishBoots $2.99Ladies' Havana Brown English Boots $3,95Ladies' Black Kid High GutBoots, Louis or mediumheel $3.95Men's High Grade Russ. TanEnglish Shoes.. $3.49Men's Gun MetalShoes, buttonand lace $2.99Men's Tan WoJcShoes $2.49Men's Gun MetalShoes $1.99iII i II i m mII I ' Iil I FIX Ii Ml 1 1 fIIA T IW W VI .&a Ml t Im-Mss?Boys', Misses' and Children's High QualityShoes at Great Bargain Prices.iDANParis' Greatest Shoe StoreCOHENWhere Beauty and Economy Reignit:5SsvXinT-f. ?r ""- :