s,K, vi- i--1."" : - -,1 "i . r ? 'i. 'Vs1 ."" r - -i-11.,.-" :"j: . v j- . v,9 -A 9PUBLISHED EVERY TUESDAY AND FRIDAY IN THE YEAR.J-VOLUME XXXVIIPARIS, BOURBON COUNTY, KENTUCKY, FRIDAY, SEPTEMBER 14, 1917fefeigi.,-,THEBOURBON NEWSSIGNAL CORPS IS ORDERED TOHATTIESBURG.Orders were received at Lexington,yesterday for the removal to-day ofthe Signal Corps to Hattiesburg mobilization camp at Hattiesburg, Miss.No moving orders liave been receivedfor the removal of the Second andThird Kentucky regiments, in whichmany Paris and Bourbon county boysare enlisted, and the only other Kentucky detachment included in thistroop movement are the two fieldhospital corps now encamped in Louisville. Among the members of the SignalCorps from this city are NewsumKeller and Lawrence Hill, both ofwhom hold important positions inthe service. Captain Otto Holstein,provost marshal of the Signal Corps,will remain in Lexington to prosecute a number of cases against saloon-keepersaccused of selling whiskey to the members of the SignalCorps.The indication seem to be that noother Kentucky troops will be movedimmediately, while the xSecond andThird regiments at Camp Stanley aremaking no preparations for an earlydeparture. The hours of departure ofthe Signal Corps will be kept a secret, in comformity with orders received from the War Department atWashington.jss iHOSPITAL BASE UNIT WANTSNEW RECRUITS.The call went out yesterday fromBase Hospital Unit No. 40, for strongable-bodied men to. join in the firstaid work for wounded American7soldiers on the battlefields of FranceNearly fifty men had already beenenlisted and mustered into the hospital service of the United Statesarmy through this branch, and witha long list of applicants for the service, many of them from Paris, physical examination of late applicantsare still being made, but the officersin charge said tlat there was room,and need, for good strong men to putthe personnel of the hospital corpson the plane necessary to the 'highest degree of efficiency."This unit," Dr. George Wilson,first lieutenant m charge of examinations and enlistment, said, "is a partof the army service which is recognized as indispensable as any otherin a really successful prosecution ofthe war, and those who have notT)een called in the draft, and whohave not enlisted in other branchesof the service for various reasons,should recognize their duty and enlist with us. There is man's workto be done, and e want real men todo it."T IS IS -VISITING NURSE'S REPORT.Mrs. Harriet Minaker, VisitingTCnrA for the Bourbon CountyHealth and Welfare League, submitted the report printed below of thework done in August, at a recentmeeting of the League. In the reportMrs. Minaker expressed her gratitudeto the Men's Bible Class of the ParisChristian Church for their support incaring for the sick by providing milkand ice, and to the J. T. HintonCompany and Geo. W. Davis for ambulance service. The report submitted by Mrs. Minaker enumeratedamong other things, the following:Finance Report Ambulance, $10;milk, $7.25; groceries, $7.82. ice,50c; office, $10. Total, $35.58.ototoment sent to MetropolitanInsurance Company for services:Health and Welfare Department,'$22 50; families supplied with milk,6; families supplied with groceries,2; families supplied with vegetables,1; families supplied with ice, 1,Metropolitan Life Insurance policyholders visited, 45; Number Life In-iinv nolders visueu, o,on&UL11UV.& tJj-jbusiness investigation, .,.. r-n XIIO VTotal, lb, xwu ; --. onelother columnJoseph's Hospital, xington on -Two cases sent io-oi."-case sent to Massie Memorial upital; one office casej tnree xypuuiucases.EBENEZER PRESBYTERY MEETSINMAYSVUXE,The Ebenezer Presbytery, of whichthe Paris church is a part metTuesday night at seven o'clock m theSSSyterli church in Washington,5n county, with Col. Horace JLTaylor, of Carlisle, presiding, and a3 --HnT TrPP.Tt.."IL openlnrse-on was ; preacdTjy Rev. G. M. Howerton, of CatlettsTurg, following which the SacramentoTthe Lord's Supper was celebratedOn Wednesday, in addition to the'business session, there was a sermon or address at 11:00 a. m. and-a sermon at 2:00 p. m., by Rev. I.. ..i. f rvwinerton. AtCochrane iun, - - meet.,?',; interest of Foreign Mis- races" yesterday, visited the -capt.V , whtentoe aHort addresses Nelson farm on the Clintonville pike,sions, at which time Qrtnw npd i.v E. F. Spears & Sons,were made ay "Q, Grayson;Bans, Rev. H. A. loye, 11orefmira feature ol,bUf SS and supper?,SEF t?e church latm Wed -ANTI-GERMAN FEELING INTENSEIN ARfTENTTOAStirring scenes have been takingplace in' Buenos Aires, capital of Ar-genuna, - souin America,follOWinST- . ' " uvv-" uv.ii.v-muci jlu, cLUUUiUHlfc, IU lOlB, UI1U. 1U1 . IN. X. J.VJ.U&S, U11C Ul LUCthe astonishing revelations made re- schedule, all over the United States, old-time oil men of Canada and thecently of German duplicity and the War Department announced Wed- Western oil fields, have made locationabuse of privileges. The papers have nesday, except for rsome of the dis- for oil well on the Bige Wise farm intold of the astonishing discovery of tricts whose recruits are assigned to the "Pilot district of Powell county,the Swedish Embassy being used as Camp Dix, Wrightstown, N. J. and will begin drilling as soon asa means of conveying information Camp Meade, Maryland, and Camp they can secure a drilling contractor,from America to the German mili- Upton, Yaphank, Long Island. J The Paris Oil & Gas Company hastary authorities. As" an evidence of , Delay in construction at these but recently been formed, and the arthe intense feeling in Buenos Aires camps, together with the inability of tides of incorporation were filed aagainst the Germans, the daily pa- Eastern railroads to transport large few days ago with the Secretary ofpers yesterday carried the following number of recruits undfer a rear- State at Frankfort. The capitalstory: j ranged schedule, caused the Provost stock of the company was placed at"BUENOS AIRES, Sept. 12. Thet Marshal General's office to establish $10,00.downtown section or the city wasthe scene of the wildest disorders tonight in connection with great antiGerman demonstrations, in whichthousands of Argentinians took part."Many carried firebrands, and as aresult scores of buildings were set onfire. Several blocks of German business houses in Calle 25 de Mayowere destroyed."Among tlK: structures attackedwere tue vxeruiau oiuu, uue ul mefinest, p.difip.p.q in the citv. and the Ibuilding of the German daily, LaUliiuii. -ti.a iaai ns liic uica iu. uiicacbuildings weie extinguished theywere started again."Mounted patrols and the entirefire department kept rushing fromone part of the city to another in anattempt to quell the riots and putdown the flames. In several instances police, who were attempting toshoot at tho?e wielding torches,were set upon by the crowds and disarmed." "pa E3HSCAL COURT PROCEEDINGS.Judge C. A McMillan, fresh from avacation spenr in camp at Blue LickSprings, presided over the meeting ofthe September term of the Bourbont.Fiscal Court, Tuesday. A full boardof magistrates was present. Themeeting was in the nature of aspecial, the regular time having beenpassed over by reason of the absenceof Judge McMillan.The report of County Road Engineer Ben F. Bpdford for the month ofAugust was received, read and filed.Claims against the county amounting to $2,120.15 were allowed andordered paid.County Treasurer Silas E. Bedfordwas authorizexLto borrow thesum.of$10,000 for use of the Turnpike Fundof Bourbon County, and to executehis note for the same, payable January 1, 1918, and bearing six percent, interest.County Jailer Joseph Farris submitted his settlement for the monthsof May, June, July and August, whichshowed a balance in his hands of$293.39. The report was recivedand filed.An order was entered increasingthe annropriation to the BourbonCounty Health and Welfare Leaguefrom $37!50 to $75 per month, beginning August 1.The contract between the countyand Louie Bower for repairing thebridge over Stoner Creek near thejail was approved by the court conditional that the same be changed tomake the bridge carry twelve tons.A permit was granted to the Kentucky Traction and Terminal Company to ereel, maintain and operatepoles, wires and appliances for thepurpose of conducfing the electriccurrent along the Newtown andLeesburg pik, from the point whereit crosses the Bourbon-Harrison line,for the purpose of conducting electric current to Cynthiana for lighting purposes.The report of the Garth FundCommissioners, .Messrs. E. M. Dickson, C.M. Thomas and John T. Collins,making allowances and recommendations for old and new beneficiaries of the Garth Fund for the schoolvpar was submitted and approved.i 7v-7v cai . "- w .. rpnnrt is nublished in- full in anCourt adjourned to Oct. 4.Pa B ?aWASTE PAPER CAUSES FIREALARM.T?irP of unknown origin in a pileof baled waste paper in shed in therear of Lowry May's hardwarestore caused an alarm of fire fromBox 42 yesterday afternoon.The fire department responded andafter some hard work, extinguishedthe flames. The fire was a stubborn one, requiring extra efforts ont,o rt of the firemen, to subdue it.The loss is small and covered by insurance. HUNTERS' HAVE BIGGATHERING.DOVEArmed with a plentiful supply ofshells and other necessaries of theT,,mt. a larjre party of Paris sports-- ' en who "didn't care to attend thent a aeUghtful day shooUng.,.. ," the birds comingiL" jUst theight way, and broughtbi ith .them a large number asn evidence of thelrprwess with theMOBILIZATION OP NEXT QUOTAflTO" CTTTKnia ,ON SEPT.-19.Mobilization of -the 40 per cent,quota of the national army will pro-national armv will nro-noor? SDntotnViop in nn,.j:-v ,a new urogram. IThroughout the country the mob-llization will be in progress for five--- jf w0. M .w. vjj. kUC IslbJ, llOO Uttll QIVWUVU (t? f -Jdays, one fifth of the quota moving ident of the company, with Mr. Buckdaily to avoid overtaxing the rail-jner Woodford, cashier of the Bourroads.fe 1m HiBOURBON'SREPRESENTATIVESARRIVE AT CAMP TAYLOR.1-Information received in Paris fromCamp Taylor indicates that the seveniamy xayiur luuicttLts tuat i,ue sevenBourbon nounttr hovs who left herelauuiuun wuuuj uujo vuu icit ncicfor Camp Taylor, near Louisville, jhad arrived safely, had passed thefor Camp Taylor, near Louisville, Iphysical examination and had beenvaccinated and innoculated withantityphoid serum.These seven, Frank Higgins, AllieClay Detwiller, Robert Delaney, Sam-1uel J. Wiggins, Wm. C. Perrin,Robert Link, Jr., and Merritt Slicer, fwere all reported as being in good.neaitn ana nne spirits, ineynayebeen assigned to Battery B., 326thhealth and fine spirits. They haveField Artillery Camp Zachary Tay-lor, Louisville, at which address they.may be communicated with by theirfriends and relatives.The new camp is being rapidlycompleted, preparatory to receivingthe remaining 95 per cent off eachcity and county's qu6ta in bothKentucky and Indiana.P3 Ea laJEWISH CITIZENS TO OBSERVE' HOLIDAY TWO DAYS.The Jewish citizens of Paris will madeclose their stores on next Monday andTuesday on account of these days being religious holidays, the JewishNew Year. ITfto Towioli Mpw Tear, as observed by the rerorm church, begins at near Clintonville, Miss Jeanettesundown Sunday, and ends at sun; Petty was thrown from her mountdown Monday. As obsenrtKVhen the pony shied, the bones oforthodox church it begins at sun- her right arm being fractured,down Sunday and ends at sundown A little daughter of Mr. and Mrs.Tuesday. The New Year will be Jesse Case, residing near Northobserved by services at the Mary- Middletown, while playing with sev-land Avenue Temple in Lexington, eral companions at her home, fellat 7:30 Sunday evening, and at ten from a fence, fracturing the boneo'clock Monday -morning.. of her right arm near the elbow.-WE KNOW HOWSchool.itfyvwilLjAll Wool Suits From$6.00 to $12.00Tans, Greys, Blue Serges and Fancy Mixtures. Stylishcut coats that will give that boy the manly appearancethat every mother .wants herjboy to have.Mitchell &StttsonHats Manhattan Shirts Nettltton ShotsPARIS OIL AND GAS COMPANYTMJTTTTwn Tnnr tttt?ttDRILLING NEW WELL.The Paris Oil & Gas Co., composedof Paris' and "Rnnrhrvn r.nnnt.v r.amtal-i j -t -k.t -r -nr e t,Mr na -pranv nf Paris nnp. ofthe most enterprising business menof the city, has been selected as presbon-Agricultural Bank & Trust Co.,as senr7t.arv and treasurer, and Mr.NI B. Moss, of Calgary,' Canada, andOklahoma, as general manager.They have holdings in Warren, Leej n.i:n ..; s r,w p -kfctuu ri5Cn uuuiiLica, in sumu ui mcmost likely looking territory in themost likely looking territory in tnei u rm,B -i,,,,-, nn tmo-ooil neiflS Tne location on tne iigewise tarm in Estill C0Unty is aboutohaif miie east of the Ashley tact,wise tarm in Estill county is aboutwhicm is considered among the best'-territory in the fields. .k) " 13 fe; TrtriT T11TTT ..,-,SUNDAY-CLOSING -LAW ORDEREDIN MASON.The Mason courty grand jury ad-.QUrned Saturday after making therpomnniAT1 ,,,,. lllnt ali niaRes nfbusiness in Maysviie be closed, thus-. 1, onfl-nito(1 Mllo iw.n,nnfpH h thfi state "Legislature',,, ,rQc o ac -,a rpn of thisvppnmmpT1,1aiinn heveral businesshouses that open on Sunday closedtheir places of business for the firsttime last Sunday in years. Thosewho closed are the confectionerystores and drus: at ores. Considerablecomment is being made upon thegrand jury's recommendation, and itis probable several test cases will be3 3 TEaTWO IN ACCIDENTS.While riding a pony at her homeSuitsForBoysvThe timers here when youmust get Vour hoy ready tobegin school, and whether heis the little tot just startingout or the grown "up boy,there is not a mother or father that does notwant their boy to look neatand appear well dressedamong his school mates. OurSuits for Boys are made rightand are tailored in such a waythat the hard wear that everyboy gives his clothes will notshow as soon as other boys'suits which are not madeflsowell. We are showing suitswith (2) pairs of trousers, allcolors, all sizes and very moderate in price, reinforcedseams sewed strong and substantial. Blakemore,-PROMINENT MASOST DEES IN MT.STERLING.Full of. years and honors in the'"business and fraternal world, JudgeHoward R. French, aged seventy, took blue ribbon honors in the secone of the most widely-known and'ond division of the $10,000 worldbest-loved members of the Masonic championship saddle horse stake atorder in Kentucky, died at his home, the Kentucky State Fair, Tuesday,in Mt. Sterling at 11:30 o'clock I The class was for five-gaited mares.Tuesday night of hemorrhage "of the St. Cecelia, owned by A. G. Jones, oflungs. North Mfddletown, was second, amdJudge French had been in feeble Lady Beautiful, belonging to thehealth for -Tvera! months, but hehad stuck manfully to his work, andhad been at his office on Tuesdaymorning. He retired from active business pursuits about nine years agorbut still retained a supervisory interest in the insurance business inwhich he was engaged. For manyyears he was City Judge of Mt. Sterling and subsequently held the position of Cashier of the Mt. SterlingNational Bank. Resigning his place,he took up the practice of law, whichhe continued until his health failed.Judge French was a very prominent Mason, having been Past GrandMaster of the State, and being a veryenthusiastic Knight Templar. Hewas in Paris at -both meetings of theGrand Commandery of the State. Atthe time of his death he was President of the Old Masons' 'Home atShelbyville.In his younger days he was Captain of a company of Home Guards,and saw considerable service in thefield in quelling mountain froubles.He served one term as Clerk of theMontgomery Circuit Court.Judge French is survived by hiswidow, who as Miss Crawford, andtwo sons, James French, of Winchester, and Lieut. William French,stationed at Cambridge, Mass., andone brother, Mr. Stephen French, ofLouisville.Funeral services will be held inthe Episcopal church, at Mt. Sterling this fcFiiday) afternoon, at 2o'clock, conducted by Bishop Burton,of Lexington, and Rev. Dye, of Mt.Sterling. Thtj burial will follow inthe Macpelah Cemetery in Mt. Sterling. Services at the grave will beconducted under the auspices of theMt. Sterling lodge of Masons.County Judge C. A. McMillan, M.H. H. Davis and Jos. H. Ewalt, ofParis, will attend the funeral as representatives trom this lodge.Kiafe rMERCHANT TAILORED CLOTHES.Wre are splendidly prepared with acomplete stock of fine English wool-"ens tailored in our usual fine way.J. W. DAVIS & CO.HOME TELEPHONE ESTABLISHESCAMP AT BLUE LICKS.The Home Telephone Companyhas established a comfortable campat Lower Blue Lick Springs, in Nicholas county, for their plant men whoare engaged in 'the construction of anew line! from Carlisle to Blue LickSprings, made necessary on accountof the increasing demand for telephone service along that highway.Plant men from the Carlisle,Maysville, Mayslick, Cynthiana,Paris and MiUersburg offices are taking advantage of the camp, and areenjoying its privileges to the fullest.The camp is located in a convenientand well-selected locality.The new line is being built fromnative red cedar poles cut from thefamous Blue j5ick battlefield whereDaniel Boone and other noted Kentucky pioneers helped to make history. It is expected to be completedand thrown open to the public aboutthe first of October.fe fe PaLEXINGTON RACES OPEN TO BIGATTENDANCE.The grounds, of the historic oldKentucky Association race track atLexington, which have many timesbeen packed svith eager crowds, filledwith er-thusiasm and-hope were againthe scene Wednesday of a largegathering, when the events of theopening day were run.The winners in the seven bigevents of the daywere:First race Blind Baggage, time,1:14; second race Viva America,time, 1:08; third race King Gorin,time, 1:46; fourth race Tokay,time? 1:40 1-5; ftifth race Everest,time, 1:01 3-5; sixth race Sedan,time, 1:14 4-5; seventh race Valor,time, 1:46 3-5.AGRICULTTOAL FAIR, AT CYNTHIANA.At a meeting of the HarrisonCounty Co-operative Association heldin' Cynthiana this week it was decided to hold ah agricultural fair inthe Harrison County court house andyard oh Nov. 8 and 9. The fair washeld last year and was a pronouncedsuccess in every detail.It is the intention to make thefair this year equal in every respectto former ones. F. S. Jameson ispresident, Durbin Wilson, vice-president, and J. W. Dalzelle, secretary ofvthe Association. If the weather is inclement the exhibits will be placedunder roof.BOURBON COUNTY HORSODETWON AT STATE FAIR.;Maurine Fisher, owned by Loula,Lonla Long Combs, of Kansas City,same owner-, was third.At the afternoon horse show of thisKentucky State Fair, Shadow Lawn,owned by McCray Bros., of NorthMiddletown, won ftrst-in the class fq -three-gaitedsaddle horses, mare orgelding, not exceeding f5 hands,Bourbon county has also been wellrepresented in other events at thebFair as follows:Fine harness stallion, 3 and under4: First ?50, Highland Choice, by"Kentucky Choice, McCray Bros.,North Middletown. vFine harness stallion, 2 and under3: Tirst ?25, Cabell King, byBourbon King, Thomas J. Jones,North Middletown. Second PastMaster, by Lochinvar, E. K. Thomas,Jr., North Middletown.Saddle bred foal, either sex, foal1917: First $50, ch c, by BourbonKing, A. G. Jones, North Middletown.Three-gaited saddle mares or geldings, not exceeding- 15 hands. First$40, Shadow Lawn, by McDonaldChief, McCray Bros., North Middletown. Stable of horses, four, or more,owned and controlled by same exhibitor: Third A. G. Jones & Son,North Middletown.Combined stallion, any ageCharming King by Bourbon King,Power & Best, Paris, third, $15..Heavy Harness Stallion, over 15.Zhands Sister Anr, by Glenbrook, 'McCray Bros., North Middletown,second; $20.Plantation Saddle Horses LettonVimont, Paris, first; $25Fine Harness Gelding under fouryears Recto- by Bourbon King,Allie G. Jones, lorth Middletown, 'first; $25.Champion Two-year-old SaddleHorse Chlotilde by Bburbon King,Allie G. Jone, North Middletown,second; $25.Championship for Suckling FoalPauline Fredericks by BourbonKing, Allie 'J. Jone's, North Middleto wrl, third; S25.Three-gaited Saddle Mare or Gelding Mercutio by Marvel King, E. K.Thomas, Jr., Paris, third; $10.lfe PaPERSONAL ATTENTION IS CALLEO TO THE FOLLOWING.To insure satisfactory delivery ofmail for men enlisted in the National Army and the NationalGuard of the United States it is vitally important that all mail for officers and men in the camps or cantonments be addressed in as perfectmanner as possible.The name of the addressee shouldbe written as plainly as possible andalways given in full. His officialtitle should precede the name andhis location should be given in detail. ,The following is suggested as thebest form of address:Private William C. Jones,Company C, First Regiment,Pennsylvania National Guard, - "Camp Mead, Maryland. ZIn the case of an officer in the service his exact title and addressshould be ascertained, and the mailaddressed, as this one going fromParis is:IBatallion Sergt-Maj.W. Earl Curtis,Headquarters Company,Third Texas Infantry,Corpus Christi, Texas.It is especially urged that your return address be placed on the letter,or in fact, on every piece of mail yousend to your soldier friend or relative. This Is very important.J. WALTER PAYNE, Postmaster.MmmTWO CYNTHIANA BOYS G0 TOMAJOR LEAGUES.The big leagues have their eye onthe Bluegrass again. The fall reports show that Cynthiana is especially favored by the scouts. StamleyRees, the big pitcher of the Cynthiana club, has been paid special attention, by the St. Louis Nationals,'and Harvey McClellan, former member of the Lexington Colts, will tryout next year as an inftelder witkthe White Socks.Rees, who has never taken a fliitgin professional ball, has turned iowmthe offer for a contract with th St.Louis Nationals, until the amaterseason is finished. It is understoodtha,t Rees intends to go to- CormeUUniversity this year and will- workout for a place on the twirling; staffof the college team. His offer1 fromSt. Louis holds good if, at the endof the college year, he decides 'tomake wages out of his wins; isstssidi of keeping ki record asspotless.V'4 ' -, J $ l ' pump. SUfWdy."..Ai.f-"-&r i ". rJJ'i 5 -.V??i j, - - r-tfbnrA,. rA. -BACK TWOwebbezeezr-AThe Bourbon News-abllhtf 1M1 35 Ywirt f Continuous Publication.xbtlshed Every Tuesday and Friday,w Year... $2.00 Six Months... $1.00Payable in Advance.WIFTCrIAMP. Editor and Owner.Any erroneous reflection upon theharacter, standing or reputation ofamy person, firm or corporation whichmay appear in the columns of THEBOURBON NEWS will be gladly corrected if brought to attention of theditor.ADVERTISING RATESDisplay Advertisements, $1.00 perInch for first time; 50 cents per incheach subsequent insertion.Reading Notices, 10 cents per lineeach issue; reading notices in blacktype, 20 cents per line, each issue.Cards of thanks, calls on candidates, obituaries and resolutions, andiiAilar matter, 10 cents per line.Special rates for large advertisements and yearly contracts.The right of publisher is reservedto decline any advertisement or othermiatter for publication.Announcements for political officesmust invariably be accompanied bythe cash.streets in Paris it rains he'd wamt, tojcharge more for oil on the groundthat it prevented a drought.THE DEMOCRATIC TICKET.Tot State Senator George Hon, ofClark CountyTor Representative C M. Thomas,of Bourbon County.Tor Sheriff Will G. McClintock.Tor County Clerk Pearce Paton.For County Judge George Batterton. For County Attorney David D.ciine.For County Superintendent of SchoolsJ. B. Caywood.For Jailer Thomas Taul.For Assessor Walter Clark.For Coroner Rudolph Davis, Paris.For Magistrate L- J. Fretwell, ParisPrecinct; John N. Shropshire,Centerville Precinct; E. P. Thomasson, Millersburg Precinct; Jno.S. Wiggins, Hutchison Precinct;R. O. Turner, Ruddles Mills Precinct; John S. Talbott, North Middletown Precinct; S. R. Burris, Little Rock Precinct; Lee Stephenson, Clintonville Precinct.For Mayor E- B. January.For Chief of Police W. Fred Link.For Couucilmen First Ward JohnMerringer, John Christman andThos. Kiser; Second Ward S. K.Nichols, J. J. Veatch and JohnArkle; Third Ward Geo. Doyle.let's look 'After This.Why wait till the hay fever is infull swing before cutting down theweeds which cause it? Every townin the country has its vacant lotsovergrown with the weeds whosepollen will, in a week of two, beginto blow into the noses of those subject to the affliction. Now is the timeto cut down these rank growths.Hay fever is not a joke. It is a dis.ease. Some of its victims it incapacitates only partly, some wholly. Acompetent business man flat on hisback, his temperature above norhial,requiring the almost continuous attention of someone to put bandagesdipped in boric acid solutions overhis eyes for days at a time is not afit subject for humor. This, thougha real case, may seem as extreme one.But something similar to this isfound in every one's experience.This misery is to a large extentpreventable. If "all " the weedygrowths within reasonable distance ofhabitations are cut down now, thesuffering from hay fever this autumncan be minimized if not wholly removed. Weeds are also the Kaiser's allies.The pollen which blows over thecountry next month will cause muchextra work in next year's garden. Tostop work for a day or two now toremove the objectionable plants before their period of reproduction willsave much more than the same timenext summer. Also, the country needsthe normal energy of the hay feverites this year.We've fewer weed patches in, Paristhis season than we had last, too,because many of those vacant lotsonce given over to mosquito breedingare now productive war ga dens. Soit won't require as much work aswas necessary last season.Anyhow, there's no need in wastingour time in arguing.Go on out and cut your weeds.THE BOURBON NfcWS, PARIS, JKY,' 5HELPFUL WODFJtOM. ATAJU3CITIZEN. 'Is your back lame and painful?Does it ache especially after exertion? Is there a soreness in the- kidneyregion?These symptoms suggest weak kidneys. If so there is danger in delay.Weak kidneys get fast weaker.Give your trouble prompt attention. Doan's Kidney Pills are, for weakkidneys. . .Your neighbors use and recommendthem.Read this Paris testimony.Mrs. A. L. Burley, 329 EighthStreet, Paris, says: "I have usedDoan's Kidney Pills a few times, getting them from the Ardery DrugCo., and from the benefit I have received, I certainly think they are agood, reliable remedy. Whenever mykidneys have been irregular in actionor my back has been weak and lame,I have used a box or so of Doan'sKidney Pills. They have always relieved me of the complaint." 'Price 60c at all dealers. Don'tsimply ask for a kidney remedy getDoan's Kidney Pills the same thatMrs. Burley had. Foster-MilburnCo., Props., Buffalo, N. Y. (adv)1 ftl 153 vJust because the weather man'spredictions happen to come true,does that make the weather vane?5 Id JfcIt takes a woman to observe everyaction of a man without appearing toknow he is on earth.mJ-CLOST.1On thestrets of Paris wtween theresidence of Miss Anna Ltleon Second street, and Misses Holladay'sstore, on Main street, a ladles' blueserge coat. Finder will rewarded byreturning same to Misses Holladay'sor at this office. (28-tf)'lwlHfaiiftct'FRIDAY, SBPTBMBBB 14, UZ,mmmmmm m wmmmmTo the Farmers.Will buy your second hand stoves,coal or gas, cookers and heaters.Must be in good condition. CaPHome Phone 360, or(sept-4) J. ELVOVELost, Strayed or StolenSave your hogs by using "Laughlin's Cholera Cure." This is the onlyremedy that will prevent and curediseased hogs. It has tood the test! starfor years. For sale by Ardery DrugCo., Varden Drug Co., J. S. WilsonHardware Storeand at my residence.Office corner Second and ChaplinStreets, Paris, Ky.MRS. B. F. LAUGHLIN,i Cumberland Phone 836.(aug7-3t-F)It's our prediction that the youngboys of Paris are going to keep righton with their carelessness in drivingautos until the city fathers set anage limit for autodrivers.EDITORIAL MUSINGS.-An Editorial Worrv.We came very near losing a subscriber yesterday, because we failedto see-wherein it would be of interest to our readers or of benefit toourselves to give up three columns ofspace to an essay on "Reforms WhichShould Come at the Close of theWar."It seems that old Mother Nature,when she started in business, cut.out a pattern for a man who can'tget it into his head that a newspaperis published for several people andnot an individual, and every now andthen they make a new one off thatpattern. There are still left in theworld a large number of people whothink that the hardest work an editorhas to do is to "find something to putin the paper." All the argumentsknown to man have failed to convincesome folk that an editor's job wouldbe as sweet as honey if he didn't haveto worry over what not to put in thepaper. Anyhow, we came very nearlosing this one subscriber, becausewe politely refused the manuscriptwith the suggestion that the writerbring it to us the day after peace isdeclared.But we have found a remedy, since"we saw how easily some people become miffed when an editor declinesto displease all of his readers to grantthe wish of one. We have discoveredhow Chiense editors go about rejecting manuscript they do not desireto publish. We have unearthed a letter one of them wrote an author recently, and we're going to pass italong to our brother editors, for weknow they, too, are frequently inneed of something like it. Here is theway a Chinese editor rejects something he doesn't want, and his read.ers wouldn't stand for:"Illustrious brother of the sun andmoon! Look upon the slave whorolls at thy feet, who kisses the earthbefore thee, and demands of thy charity permission to speak and live. Wehave read the manuscript with delight. By the bones of our ancestors,"we swear that never before have weencountered such a masterpiece.Should we print it, the Majesty, the" Emperor, would order us to take it ascriterion and never again printanything which was not equal to it.'As that would not be possible before10,000 years, all tremblingly we return the manuscript and beg thee10,000 pardons. See my head is atthy feet and I am thy slave and thyerrant."Landed in the Street.A thin, sickly, little man enteredone of the stores in one of our smalltowns recently and quietly seatedhimself on a convenient chair. Oneof the clerks approached and asked ifhe wished to purchase anything."Oh, no," said the man, "I just dropped in for a few minutes." After anhour had passed, the manager of thestore, becoming curious,' approachedhim and asked what could be donefor him. "Why nothing that I knowof," said the man, "You see I havenervous prostration and the doctortold me to stay in a quiet place.Noticing that you do not advertise Ithought this would be about the quietest place I could find."Let me tell you it was anythingbut quiet there for five minutes. Thepoor little man found himself in thestreet wishing that he had landed ona featherbed. But the next week thestore surprised itself with a big display ad in the home paper.te IS feCONGRESS PASSES THE WAR TAXBILL.Seed Rye For Sale.Five hundred bushels of excellentseed rye.JAS. H, THOMPSON,Station 44 Interurban Line.(ll-3t) Paris, Ky.LOST.Bumper rail t& an auto at junction of North Middletown and Maysville pike, Sunday afternoon. Hasbeen welded about eighteen inchesfrom one endS Finder please returntoJ. HAL WOODFORD.Scrap Iron Wanted,'I am paying fifty cents per Hundredfor all kinds of scrap iron. Not lessthan, 1,000 pounds. This material canbe weighed at any city scales. This Ito be relivered to the cars on the LouIsville & Nashville tracks, oppositthe freight depot.Call us over the Cumberland 'phon347-J. ,MAX MUNICH,Eighth Street, Paris, Ky.(oct20-lyr) -Public RentingFrom a stable in East Paris, Sunday morning a four-year-old baymare with two white hind feet, andin forehead. . Suitable rewardfor her recovery or for informationleading to her recovery.JOS. BODKINS,Route 3, Paris, Ky.Home For Sale PrrrtdyOn accoumt of Mr. Napier's firniiger run being changed'froa Paria toLexington and Cincinnati necntitating a removal to Lexington, I detirtto dispose of my residu nee at the corner of Main and Second streets, laParis, at private sale.This is a substantial brick houa,two-stories, has six large rooms;sleeping porch; two concrete porches;large garden and poultry yard; sideand front yard. It in a first-classhome and will be a bargain for thapurchaser. It is in first-class shape.An inspection of the house and premises is. invited.MRS. JESSE S. NAFIER,(4-tf) 12 b Mam Street.Wait For This Public SaleThe undersigned will offer at public sale the latter part of thismonth the entire real estate holdings of the late Mr. GeorgeVarden.We believe it would be to the interest of any parties contemplating the purchase of either a home or investment property towait for this sale.SECURITY TRUST COMPANYAdministrator George VardenOFLOST.Between the L. & N. crossing atTenth street and Ahern & Burton'srestarurant a pair of gold rimmedspectcles in leather case. Reward willbe paid for their return either to thisoffice or to Ahern & Burton's restaurant.Maybe if Uncle John D. Rockefellertw that every time they oil theThe great War lax Bill, providingfor a total of about $2,400,000,000,was passed Monday night by theSenate. It is the largest single taxation measure in American history.The Senate adopted Senator Smoot'smotion to strike out the McKellaramendment providing a zone increasein second-class postage rates beyond300 miles and designed to secure$12,600,000. The House zone provision and the Finance Committee'sspecial publishers' profits provisionsalready had been eliminated. Senator LaFollette's substitute War TaxBill, proposing to raise about $3,500,000,000 solely from income warprofits, liquor and tobacco, was rejected. Pa Pa im"WHAT WILL YOU HAVE?"BOSWELL FARMWe will rent publicly at the courthouse door at 2 o'cldck, p. m., onSATURDAY, SEPT. 15. 1917,the Bos well farm containing 140acres situated on Paris & Lexingtonpike, 1 miles from Paris, with interurban stop in front of dwelling.To be cultivated as follows:About 9 acres in tobacco, 24 acresin corn, 40 acres in wheat, balance inmeadow and bluegrass.Contract to be read at time of renting and note to be secured satisfactorily to the undersigned.This is an excellent, farm with nicedwelling and and is desirable in everyway.BOURBON - AGRICULTURAL BANK& TRUST COMPANY,Guardian of Boswell heirs.(7-3t)Administrator's Sale!Thursday, September 20, 1917AT 2 O'CLOCK P. M.As administrator of the estate of (the late H. Margolen, deceased, Iwill sell on the above date, a business house on Main Sstreet, cottage onHenderson Street, and 40 acres of land.No. 1. Business house, situated on West side of Main Street, between Sixth and Seventh Streets, contains two store rooms on first floor,85x66 ft., which rents for $50.00 per 'month each, and large store roomover entire building, which could easily be converted into two nice flats.No. 2. Two-storj frame residence on Henderson Street, bath, electriclight and gas. One large stock barn,. Lot 60x150 feet. This is a modern,up-to-date home, convenient down town and a desirable neighborhood.No. 3. Contains 40 acres of land, one mile from city limits on FordsMill pike, just opposite packing house.. Improvements consist of fourroom cottage, all necessary out-buildings in splendid repair, new fiveacre tobacco barn, slaughter house, under good fencing and plenty ofwater. All good land.Sale of above named property will be held in front of business housson Main street and must be sold to settle estate.TERMS One-third cash, balance in one and two years, with interestat the rate of 6 per cent.GUS MARGOLEN, Administrator.For further particulars call on Harris & Speakes.(11-14-18) ' vPublic Sale!-OF-Valuable Bourbon CountyFarm, Containing 147.27Acres.In a speech in Congress the otherday, Represntative Meeker, of St.Louis, presented a list showing thatthere are 746 highly alcoholic medicines that will not be affected by thebone dry law, as alcohol for medicinal purposes are exempted underit. Many of these so-called medicinescontain from 40 to 93 per cent, ofalcohol, while beer as a rule containssomewhere about 6 per cent., wines10 to 23 per cent, and whisky bottled in bond only 50 per cent. Itwill thus-be seen that jags on patentmedicmes may come to be generaland what is worse create an appetitefor liquors among the innocent whothink they are benefitted by decoctions.FURLOUGHS GRANTED JEWISHSOLDIERS FOR HOLIDAYS.Furloughs have been granted toJewish soldiers at the various cantonments in order that they 'may beable to observe 'the- Jewish NewYear and the Day of Atonement, according to word received from theWar Department by the JewishBoard for Welfare Work in the armyand Navy. Similar leaves of absencehave been granted to the Navy Department. The furloughs extendfrom noon, September 16, to themorning of .September 19, and, fromnoon, September 25 to ttie morningof September 27.The undersigned will, onSaturday, Sept. 15, 1917,at 11 o'clock a. m., at the CourtHouse door, in Paris, Kentucky, offerfor sale a very desirable tract of landsituated about 4 miles frtun theCity of Paris, on the Ruddles Millipike, containing 146.27 acres.This land is in a good state of cultivation, and has upon it a tenanthouse and plenty of stock water.Said tract of land is the dower ofthe undersigned Emma S. Fisher inthe lands of the late W. H. Fisher,and the remainder interest in saidland owned by the Banking Commissioner in charge of George Alexander& Company, State Bank, in liquidation, for the benefit of the creditors ofsaid bank. Both interests will besold, and the purchaser will be givena fee simple title to said land.Possession will be given the 1st ofMarch, 1918, but the purchaser willbe given seeding privilege during thefall of 1917.TERMS One-third cash; balancein equal installments of one and twoyears, with interest at the rate of6; and to secure same a lien will beretained upon the land sold.For further information call uponthe undersigned, or Jno. J. Williams.EMMA S. FISHER,GEO. G. SPEER,Banking Commissioner of the Commonwealth of Kentucky.By Buckner Woodford, Special Deputy Banking Commissioner.M. F. Kenney, Auctioneer.(Aug. 31-Sept. 7-14.)FINAL CUT PRICESON ALL SUMMER GOODSWe Have About 30 GENUINE Palm Beach SuitsAlmost every size in the lot. Values up to $10.00. Take your pick.iAbout 20. Pongee Suits (Mostly Large Sizes)S575S375Unrestricted choice Men's Straw Hats $1.00All Genuine Panamas : $2.7575c Sport Shirts . . . . . 5 Octs.Odd Palm Beach Coats $2.25Get Our Prices on Articles Not Mentioned Above.Twin Bros. Clothing and Shoe Dept.619 Main Street, Paris, Ky. We Give and Redeem Blue Trading Stampsi ImZiASm!WNML1ORFor Dry Goods, Dress Goods, Silks, Shirt Waists, Ladies' and Misses' Ready-to-WearGarments, Millinery, Etc.Correct. EnglishHOWvTO USE IT.A MONTHLY MAGAZINE,1 Josephine Turck Baker, Editor.For Progressive Men and Women,Business and Professional; Club Women, Teachers, Students, Ministers,Doctors, Lawyers, Stenographers, andfor all who wish to Speak and WriteCorrect English Special FeatureMonth; Your Every-Day Vpcabulary;How to Enlarge it Sample Copjr 10c.Subscription Price 2 Year.EVANSTON, ILLINOIS.INew, StylishFallflatsJUST ARRIVED!SEE THEM!BATS50cNew GoodsARRIVING DAILYStart Your Girl'sSchool ClothesNow. Come andspect our stock.m-W,e Sell Ladies' Home Journal Patterns. 10-15c; None Higher..il1 1 w yi m fri '' i MinnMiiiiiiiiMinmi. .U9 , IwSs,-A-feV-VA'ttor vs, if rf-'TRIDAY, SEPTBMBER 1'4, 1S17.jrHKBOURBOK NEWS. P11HS, KT.t -in-fnnri f n i r f liiS'')TprJKTir'-Mfii il BSBIWJlfllSMfc . JSJRichard Buhler in the Harvard Prize Play, Believe Me, Xantippe, at theParis Grand, Monday, Sept. 17."BELIEVE ME XANTIPPE"ING TO PABIS.COM-Manager Fred W. Erd, learningthat Richard Buhler, the former starof Ben Hur, who was playing atMacauley's Theatre, Louisville, allthis week, had a night open betweenthat city and the Lexington OperaHouse,' where the Company playsThursday and Friday of next week,got busy on the long distance telephone and by offering a substantialguarantee succeeded in arrangingwith Mrl Buhler to appear here atthe Grand Opera House for one per-jformance on Monday night, Sept. 7.Mr. Buhler this season is appearingSpecialCut Prices!To close out ourentire stock ofChinawareGlasswareandGranitewareBusyBeeCashStorein the Harvard Prize play, "BelieveMe Xantippe," a comedy by Frederick Ballard, which drew capacity audiences at one of Boston's largesttheatres for more' than 200 consecutive performances, and later at the39th Street Theatre, New York, for150 performances. He is surroundedwith one of the strongest and highest salaried companies ever taken ontour by any star, including Max VonMitchell, former leading man withBlanche Walsh, John Prescott, forseveral seasons with Robert Edisonand John Barrymore, Charles Canfield, formerly with Maude -Adams,and other prominent stars, GeorgeBoesel, formerly with Otis Skinner,Carl Norman, for three seasons withMarie Dressier, Tello Webb, formerlywith John Barrymore, MargaretKnight, formerly with MargaretEllington, Rose Mayo, formerly withWilliam IL Crane, and other prominent players.The company carry a special 60foot baggage carload of scenery, and.the play will be presented here in itsentirety with all of the wonderfulscenic and electrical effects, exactlyas it is being produced at, Louisvillethis week. Considering. the expensethis organization is under, an extremely liberal scale of prices has"been arranged.The advance sale of seats for thisengagement will open to-day. Getyours early.Ha to fr&TRENCH FOOT. .In spite of vaccines and modern hygiene, disease still stands close to theenemy in the number of French andBritish soldiers it destroys. For example, trench warfare lias developeda disease of its own, which iS called"trench foot," and it is a sort of gangrene. It is caused by standing incold water day after day. A. sort ofmold enters -abrasions in the skin,and the foot, literally rots away,often Tendering tin operation necessary.. ,is to !The head and the neart don't always work in unison, but a fellow isapt to lose his head over a girl when"Tht Store For Daily Bargains" he loses his heart.LEXINGTONCREAMERY 0.Now buying your cream whereyou can see it tested, assuring youa square deal, and you get yourcans and check in thirty minutes.1Your Cream will give bettertests here than it will afterIons shipments.7 This youwill find after our tests.VSL& are home people andspend our money here withyou, and believe in home industries.iLet us test your, cream and ywe feel that you wll beaPsatisfied customer!' -Open From 5:30 A. M Until 6:30. P. M.BROADWAY - PARIS, K.SOCIAL AND PERSONAL.Comings and Goings of OurPeople Here, There andElsewhere.'Mrs. Amos Turney has as guestMrs. Sallie Brown, of Cincinnati,Mr. W. P. Fisher is attendingthe Kentucky State Fair at Louisvillethis week.Mr. and Mrs. Monroe Mansfieldare at Martinsville, Ind., for a tendays' stay.Miss Katherine Wilson is veryill of typhoid fever at her home onMt. Airy avenue. 'Mrs. Kelly Haley, of near Paris,is hostess to Mrs. Robert Hunt, ofSt. Augustine, Fla. .Mr. Harry Baldwin, of the Farmers' Supply Co., is in West Virginiaon a business trip.Mrs. James Gilmore and daughter, of Covington, are visiting friendsand relatives in this city.Miss Elizabeth Tarr is a guest ofMrs. Gray Rochester, in Louisville,for the State Fair this week.Mrs. Rebecca Rudisill, of Highstreet, has as guest Mrs. Jennie M.Smith, of Bluefields, W. Va.Mrs. M. -B. McCurdy has gone toher old home in Talladega, Ala., fora three weeks' visit to relatives.Mr. Lucien Terrill entertainedwith a dinner party at the home ofhis father, near Clintonville, recently.Mrs. Charles Myers, of Covington, is a guest at the home of Mr.and Mrs. Robert Mclntyre, on Fifteenth street.Mr. and Mrs. O. T. Mattox havereturned to their home in Maysvilleafter a visit to Mr. and Mrs. JamesDoty, in this city.Mrs. Harry Booth has returnedto her home in Lawrenceburg, aftera visit to her parents, Mr. and Mrs.A. J. Fee, in this city.Mrs. William Mayfield, of Dayton, Ohio, is a guest of her sisters,Mrs. James Doty and Miss Ida Batterton, on East Seventh street.Mr. Frank Lenihan, of Paris,who has been very ill with bloodpoisoning at St. Joseph's Hospital, inLexington, continues to improve.Mrs. M. C. Quilhan, of Macon,Georgia, is a guest at the home of herparents, Rev. and Mrs. W. F. Brown,on South Main street, in this city.Dr. W. E. Savage, of Cincinnati,accompanied by his sons, Robert andWilliam Savage, is a guest of hisbrother, Mr. Jaynes Savage, on Fifteenth street.Messrs. Dan W. Peed and Jeff.Denton, of this city, will spend several weeks looking over the tobaccomarkets at Greenville and otherpoints in North Carloina.Miss Madeline Huddleston, assistant cashier of the MetropolitanLife Insurance Co., in this city, isspending the week at the KentuckyState Fair, in Louisville.Mrs. S. B. Barnett, of Detroit,Mich., and Mrs. O. L. Barnett, ofLawrenceburg, 111., who have been,guests of their sister, t Mrs. CarltonWilliams, have returned to theirhomes. , .Messrs. Floyd and Burnham Carmicale, who have been guests ofMisses Jessie and Stella Stone, in thiscity, have gone to Cincinnati for avisit to their sister, Mrs. Harry Bowman. Mrs. Durand Whipple and twolittle sons, who have been spendingthe summer in Paris, as guests of Mr.and Mrs. E. M. Dickson, will leaveTuesday for their home in LittleRock, Ark. vMr. Charles W. Fithian, of Paris,has gone to Atlanta, Ga., where hehas a nice position with the WesternUnion Telegraph Company. Mr. Fithian is ranked among the "tpp-notch-ers"as an, operator.. Mr. Basil Hay den, one of P. H.S.'s brightest pupils, has entered foran A. B. course at Transylvania University, at Lexington. Mr. Haydenwill make an effort to capture theCecil Rhodes scholarship.-Mrs. Daisy Estes will go toWashington, D. C, next week, tomake her home with her children,Mr. Finnell Estes and Miss MabelEstes, who both have Government positions in the Capital City.Miss Lucy Lowry, of Cincinnati,who is now a trained nurse, Is nursing her niece, Miss Katherine Wilson,who is ill with typhoid fever a thehome of her mother, Mrs. James B.Wilson, on Mt. Airy avenue.Miss Josephine Hayden is visiting her grandmother, Mrs. ParmelaBrown, in Stanford. Miss Haydenwill leave this week for Springfield,111., to resume her duties as instructorin the State School for the Deaf.Mrs. Mollie Chase and daughter,of Washington, D. C, who have beenguests at the Windsor Hotel, havegone to Fleming county to visit relatives. Mrs. Chase is the only livingsister of Mr. Wm. T. Ficklin, of Paris.Miss Edith Biggers, of Maysville,is a guest of Miss Belle Horton.Miss Biggers was the guest of honorat a tea given by Miss Corinne Collins, Monday afternoon, at whichabout twenty-five guests were present. Miss Clennie Lusby, formerlychief operator for the Home Telephone Co. in their Paris exchange,who has been a guest for severaldays of Mrs N. A. Moore, left yesterday for Berea College, where she willtake a special course of study.Mr. and Mrs. John M. Flanaganhave returned from Weston, WestVirginia, where they attended a family reunion at the home of Mrs. Flanagan's brother, Mr. Martin Tully.They also visited relatives in Pennsylvania while absent.Among those from Paris who attended, the recent meeting: of theKentucky Conference of, the Methodist church a$" Lexington, were Mr.and Mrs. S. T. Chipley, Mr. and Mrs."Alexander, Mr. and Mrs. E. M. Wheeler, Messrs. H. A. Power, James Mc-Clure and Dennis V. Snapp.Mr. John W. Young and daughter, Mrs. Lawrence Mitchell, Mrs. J.W-' Young, Jr., and . Mr. GrahamYoung, of North Middletown, are at- Jlending jne j&.enLiipKy state jf'air, atLouisville. Mr. Silas Bedford, 'Jr., salso attending the Fair, being kmember of the Boys' ' Pig RaUipkClub, which is camping on thegroiinds ". i " - iThe-' - f y?T!jzfl jii -ALull jj 1 mi jL-i .1 Li 1 lunST jYf L.frf "j'y' ' 1dmWy I Costs Less to Have jMUf These Tires On Your Car k 'MW(mgfjA Fr VnUed States Tires are Ie standards of low mileage cost. klkVJIIIy That " Why' SOOner or Ialer' you' too wil1 te a U8er of United 9BaEBllll Ask the nearest United States Tire dealer which one of the JSgjJjffitt(wr. fiV ' suited to your needs of price and use.iBi United States Tires KBslk 4 A Tire for Every Neid f p"ee nd Use JIMIMpiIwJ!sllXW United States TUBES and TIRE ACCESSO- JM&MMwJTM5M R1ES Have AU the Strung Wortk and Wear JmwjLrdmTIII TlK. j that Make United States Tires Supreme MEWnlfMlWBfSW -" ti' fw "otor truck., motor cycles, MM'TSSSSA Complete Stock of United States Tires Carried ByMILLERSBURG GARAGE, Millersburg, Ky.UNITED STATES C0UET TO MEETSEPT. 2'4.The regular fall term of the United States District Court for the Eastern District of Kentucky will convene in the court room of the Government Building, in Frankfort, onMonday, September 24. Judge A. M.J. Cochran will preside and DistrictAttorney Thomas D. Slattery willrepresent the Government. The docket shows an unusual number of casesand in addition there w.ill he manycases for the consideration of thecr-rnnrl nurvMr. John Johnson, of Paris, will be .f.a member of the Federal grand jury,while Messrs. Albert Mitchell, Jos. j 4,H. Ewalt, Thos. Maher and B. B.Marsh will be be on the petit jury.Q lSlPEOPLE SPEAK WELL OP CHAMBERLAIFS TABLETS.station in the country. Throughthese posters the Treasury Department will be able to reach the milthe waiting-rooms of eyery railroadand present them with timely information concerning the second LibertyLoan. The 1,750,000 employes of therailroads will also have the subjettcalled to their attention by a aerlttof posters that will be placed ia thrailroad shops and all other ;flMtftwhere employees assemble;,More thn420, 000,000.00 wortk otthe first issue of Liberty Bonds werepurchased by railroad employees.frM'f 1 1 lit! II II II I ! 1.M..H IU 14 1 1 lilt tit I II I II l"I have" been selling Chamberlain'sTablets for about two years andheard such good reports from mycustomers that I concluded to givethem a trial myself, and can say thatI do not believe there is anotherpreparation of the kind equal" tothem," writes G. A. McBride, Headford, Ont. If you are troubled withindigestion or constipation give thema trial. They will do you good.(sept-adv)- b k iRAILROADS TO CO-OPERATE INLIBERTY LOAN CAMPAIGN.Fairfax Harrison, of Washington,D. C, Ch'airman of the -Railroads'War Board, authorizes the followingat the request of the Treasury Department: The railroads of the United States will co-operate in the publicity campaign that is being plannedfor thy second Liberty Loan. Colored posters advertising the new issueof Liberty Bonds will be olaced inthe waiting rooms of every reilroadTALENT WANTED!Musicians-Readers-Leclwers1 rz vFor the Lyceum and Chautauquas. We will organize five newcompanies this season. 'Ourpresent companies are all engaged and making goodl Special coaching classes begin Sept.15. Out of town students canput all instruction in one day perweek. Catalog upon application.21oi; He & Co.Lexington, KentuckyWomen'sFall ApparelaBeautifpl New StylesW2 1?fcrXUrWe cannot remember when styles were sobeautfully simple, yet so simplybeautiful, as they arethis season.There is a demure and distinctive charm,a suggestion of youthtulness, in eachparticular model of coat, of dress,of suit, now being featuredin our autumn displays.Your early inspection- invited.' r'I WOLF, WILE & CainJiU::: Elocution and Languages:::MRS. CORA W. HlGDODicectfj" . Harrison and Montana Av.LEX1NGTOK, KY.j-'. Cincinnati, Q.'g MMII II 1 1 1 II 1 1 1 1 1 I III I II HI I Ml llfr.--,fw-w,-",,Vi.JnJ-'J.r"mf"'f" i4V J"I5 t -vrAGE FOTJXTHEBOURBON NEWS.PARIS, KY.FRIDAY, SEPTEMBBR HtT.&rTABU CONDITIONS IN BOURBON.Weather conditions during theTast week and part of this weekwere highly favorable for all growing crops. The temperature wasseasonable and the rainfall generallyample, only a few localities reportingatny need of rainCOMMISSIONERS ANNOUNCE THE IT PAYS TO ADVERTISE--IN THEGARTH EUND BENEFICIARIES i . NEWS.truck crops generally are good. The the country, and this conduct on their!liejnp, which is now being cut is of part we most heartily conimend forexcellent quality, but the predictions its patriotism:The Bourbon Fiscal Court met at The home of Chief of Police Linkthe court house Monday and re- was recently visited by an inconsidceived the report of the Commissioner erate thief, who stole a lot of fiowof the Wm. Garth Educational Fund, ers, shrubbery, etc., from the porchcomposed of Messrs. Emmett M. and yard.The late corn is Dickson, John T. Collins and Claude Wednesday morning when Chiefmaturing slowly, but nicely. To-jM. Thomas. Link came out on the front porchbacco is doing well and the cutting j The Commissioners' report, in part, at his home, ;he was greatly surprisis being rushed. Alfalfa and pota-!says: ed Xo find there a lot of flowers,toes are inmrdved. and the late no-! "The following former beneficiaries among, them a big bunch df lilliestatoes, sweet potatoes, cowpeas and, have joined the army in defense of and some potted plants, which herecognized as having been a part ofthe landscape arrangements andporch decorations of his home. Onme nines lay a naii-sneet or notepaper, on which was written in arather boyish scrawl the message:"Ah, Fred Link, I stole you"r flowers just to see if you could findthem. I read a piece in THE BOURBON NEWS about them, so I broughtthem back to you so you could findthem."So once more the value of advertising is shown even in this indirect manner. It wasn't so much thetheif's conscience that troubled him,'as the certainty that Chief Linkwould not be able to find the flowersand he wanted to show the good influence a first-class family paperc.ould exert.are that the late yield will be poor,, so the two crops will about equalthe average.Tomatoes and potatoes are sellingat ?2 per bushel, and the outlookfor a future scarcity of tomatoesmakes the housewives who have notmade their catsup and chili saucevery anxious. There are still anabundance of green tomatoes on thevines. Late last week and early thisweek loads of watermelons, cantaloupes and apples were brought tothe local market. They were of goodflavor and the price were high.Wherever garden products are not"being canned they are being driedand for this there are plenty of butterbeans and string beans, and forevery jar of jelly or preserves thatwere made in former times, fromthyee to five are being made this fall.Grape juice, other fruit flavors andgrape wine are being made in largequantities where the grapes are goodand plentiful.' The recent hard rains,windstorms and the small boys inmany neighborhoods have interferedwith the plans of the housewives inthis respect. - 'fe 1 IS'"VTHE SMARTER SET" AT GRAND" ' SEPTEMBER 20.Among the attractions booked forthe Paris Grand Opera House is the"Smarter Set," better known as the"Smart Set," headed by Salem' TuttWhitney and J. Homer Tutt, presenting a new creation called "MyPeople, or Music and Mirth of aRace' which is booked for September 20. . ? ' r t S&This is not the inferior and misrepresenting imitation of somewhat similar attraction, but the reliable,guaranteed company who backs upits claim and statements with "yourmoney's worth or your money back."Don't miss the best show of the season. If you have a headache, painsin the back, that tired, wornout feeling, or other unsatisfactory symptoms, which are so often to be foundin the tabulated list of patent medi- Twin Bros. Clothing Store will obcine dispensors, forget it and go and serve Jewish new ,Year holiday on"Eugene Elder, who has made anexcellent record, has applied for entrance to the. Training damp at FortBenjamin Harrison."Clarence Harney, who graduatedat State University with distinction,will join the Hospital Unit and willgo to France."Others who will serve their country in the cause of the Allies afeJohn T. Speakes, Wesley Shears andCharles Dickerson."Other old beneficiaries who didnot apply are, Wayne Cottingham,who has accepted a position withthe Lexington Leader; Hiram Adair,Dora Wagoner, Madison Smoot andRussell Evans.The following are the accounts allowed theOLD BENEFICIARIES:Marion Thomas 100Landen Templin 125Baldwin Woods 125Fred Hill 75Ed. Brophy 100Howard Crump 40Collins Hall 40Ussery Taul 30Stuart Wallingford 175James Faulconer 50Wm. T. Henry 75Thomas Letton 75NEW BENEFICIARIES:John Brown ,,...? 25Preston Bales 25Yancey Chappell 25Edgar Estes 100William Forsyth 40Basil Hayden 75Joseph B. Jones . . t 150Forrest Stone 25Jennings Taylor 50Lane Lusk 40R. C. Harp 40George Woods 25John Welsh 25The twelve old benefliciaries willreceive an aggregate of $1,010, andthe thirteen new beneficiaries receive an aggregate of $645, the sumtotal allowed the old and new being $1,655.OUR GUARANTEE OF ALL WOOLMeans all wool, and nothing else.Fall styles of all wool in newestmodels $15 to $35.J. W. DAVIS & CO.1 EaB-4 PI REInsure withW.O.HINTON &SON,Agts3 fe aSEVEN BUILDINGS RAZED BYEIRE.Seven buildings in the main business section of Butler, Ohio, werecompletely destroyed by fire whichswept through the village Thursday"I morning:. The loss will amount toover ? 50', 000, only a small part being covered by insurance.fe to us - --"Fire, Wind and lightningInsurancesThomas, Woodford & Bryan.in pi j -State banks asked to makestatements.WILL OBSERVE JEWISH HOLIDAYsee the cureSmarterSet."for all blues,'The Monday and the place will be closedon that day. (It)State Banking Commissioner Geo.G. Speer issued a call Saturday fora report on the condition of Statebanks at the close of business September 7.Incidentally Commissioner Speeris sending out copies of a summaryof the reports of June 20, accompanied with comparisons with thecondition June 1, 1&16, and April10, 1917.MASONS ELECT- OEEICERS.At the meeting .of. Paris Chapter,No. 15, Royal Arch Masons, held inthe Masonic Temple, on Tuesdaynight, he following officers wereelected to serve for the coming term:M. Kume Bedford, High Priest; W.C. Snapp, King; D. D. Cline, Scribe;Chas. Stephens, Treasurer; Joseph H.Ewalt, Secretary; appointive officerswere: J. A. Orr, C. O. H.; W. M. Cooper, P. S.; M. E. McCurdy, R. A. C;G M. Bedford, M. 3 V.; R. E. Lusk,M. 4 V.; L. C. Ashcraft, M. 1 V.; J.Sam Martin, Sentinel.The officers were installed by PastHigh Priest Charles A. McMillan. Anoteworthy feature of the electionwas the fact that Mr. Charles Stephens was selected for the thirty-eighthtime to fill the office of treasurer andMr. Jos. H. Ewalt, for the twentiethconsecutive term, was elected to theoffice of secretary-'li'i't'li4t4t'nlill III 1 1SOME BEET.Coroner Rudolph Davis is makinga record as an agriculturist, assistedby old Mother Nature. Some timeago the good old mother gave Roxiea freak in the shape of a hybrid earof corn mixed up with the wheatfamily, as detailed in a recent issueof THE NEW.She now comes to his back doorand shows in his war garden a mammoth beet which, when placed on thescales, tilted the beam until it struckthe 3 pound mark. The beet is onexhibition in the show window ofthe A. J. Winters Co., with a cardadvertising it as "One of RoxieDavis' Beats!"FOR SALEPony, gentle, and good driver, withcart and harness. Call Home Phone562 or 223. (14-tf)For SaleThree fresh cowg, calves at side.Also two good South Down Bucks.Apply toM. J. MURPHY,Both Phones. Paris, Ky.(14-3t-pd)WANTEDWanted, middle aged woman forgeneral housework. Must be neatand refined. Work is not hard. Allmodern improvements. Two chil-,dren. Good home for right party.Address,MRS. R. B. HAGER,(14-tf) Ft. Thomas, Ky.FRANK & CO.The Reliable Store"SANNOUNCETHEY ARE NOW SHOWING xThe Latest Modes IINFall and WinterReady-to-Wear GarmentsFor Ladies, Misses and ChildrenSerge and Satin DressesSuits For Ladies and Misses?Coats For Ladies, Misses and ChildrenSkirts of All KindsCrepe and Georgette Waists . ", .FOR SCHOOL GIRLSSEEJACK TAR MIDDIESNEW GINGHAM DRESSESvPRICES REASONABLECOME IN AND SEEI FRANI & CO. i44"l'l-l--i'i-i'l-4'4lil'IlI-llI I lli-1 1 1 lill-H It 11 1 M iiGRAND OPERA HOUSEPARIS, KENTUCKYTHURSDAY, SEPTEMBER20IAmerica s Greatest Colored Show1MMHnaaMMDattanEMMuHHDxMnaBHHH CiiThe Smarter SetFORMERLY THE SMART SETHEADED BYSalem Tutt Whitney and J. Homer TuttPRESENTINGMYPEOPLEIN MUSIC AND MIRTH OF A RACEEverything New and Ahead of the Times!PricesLower Floor, 50 and. 75c Balcony for Colored People, 75cGallery, 50 CentsSEAT SALE COMMENCING TUESDAYIiiI iI((J, . ' JParis, KentuckyMONDAY SEPT.A.' G. DELAMATER ANNOUNCESRICHARD BUHLER(HIMSELF)IN THE HARVARD PRIZE PLAYBelieveMeXantippeDIRECT FROM MACAU LEY'S THEATRE, LOUISVILLE, KY.Entour To Grand Opera House, Lexington, Ky.150-r -.in New York 150200 Nights in Boston 200A Sixty-Foot Car Load of SceneryCES - 25c to $1 40THE SAME EVERYWHEREMall OrriM-s Now. . Na RftductlAn In Prfac m Dmt mS ei'V '.-4.'.'VMa-lllllllllllllPltllllllllllilMlllglUp,!,,,,,,,,- "tyOrSL lS.A "FRIDAY, SEPTEMBER 14-, 1917.THE BOURBON NEWS, PARIS, KY.PAGlimiV .FOR THE BEST1 NOTHING ELSEWHEAT, RYE AMDTIMOTHY SEED. ,We have a Simitedsupply of OhioGrownEultz Wheat of veryfine Quality. Alsoseed rye and timothyseed afl recleanedand tested.CHAS. S. BRENT & BRO(septl4-7t), Q fe TSTHE BEST SCHOOL SHOES.fFor' reliable school shoes, go toFeld's Shoe Store. (11-ft). . f" T?i - ,PURCHASES NEW CAR.SOCIAL AND PERSONAL.fomingsand Goings of OurPeople Here, There and -Elsewhere.Mr. Harry Mitchell, formerly manager of the Paris Grand Opera Hpuse,has purchased a handsome Allentouring car.H3 ?SSELLS WILSON PAEM.-Mr. Samuel Harding purchased ofMr. John H. Roseberry the farm onthe Little Rock pike, known as theTodd Wilson place, nine miles fromParis, containing 200 acres. Mr.Harding paid $168 per acre for thefarm, which is considered one of thebest in that section.a Ea S3PEACHES POR PRESERVING.Plenty of the finest peaches everbrought to Paris for preserving purposes. , (It) , -" a P. COOK & CO.' tsi tes ps -SOURBON FARM SOLD.Mr. S. B. Clift, of Lexington, hassold, through H. C. Harp, his homeover the Bourbon line, known as the"Clayton place," containing 134acres, to Lyles Hampton, formerly ofJessamine county v for $150 an acre.The farm is nicely improved and islocated near the Paris and Lexingtonpikefe 1st mSTORE CLOSED POR JEWISH HOLIDAYS.The Harry Simon DepartmentStore will be closed next Monday andTuesday, on account of Jewish holiday. Customers should take note ofthis. Open Wednesday morning asusual.ALL WOOL IS ECONOMY. ,No cotton mixtures or manipulatedwoolens here nothing but all-woolclothing $15 to $35.J. W. DAVIS & CO.E3 m T53W. C. T. TJ. OPPICERS.At the September meeting of theW. C.T. XL, held at the home of Mrs.William Myall, on Main street, atthree o'clock Monday afternoon, thefollowing officers were elected toserve for the coming year.: President, Mrs. William Myall; vice-president,Mrs. Fanniebelle Sutherland:secretary? Mrs. James S. Douglass;treasurer, Mrs. Bettie Brown.isa 1-t mBIG PURCHASE OP TIMBER.Mr. Ossian Edwards, of Paris, purchased this week from Judge W.Hhodes Shackleford, of Richmond,one hundred walnut trees. Thetrees were on the farm of Mr. Shackleford, on the Winchester pike nearParis.The trees will be converted intologs for shipment to the mills atCincinnati, where they will be sawedinto lumber for commercial uses.The price paid for the logs was ahandsome one and Mr. Edwards willrealize a nice profit on his investment. sa Ea feMARGOLEN WILL BE "CLOSEDMONDAY.Mrs. H. H. Floyd is a guest offriends and relatives in Frankfort.State. Superintendent V. O. Gilbert, ol Frankfort, was a visitor 'inParis, Tuesday.Miss Ella Coy has returned froma pleasant visit to friends and relatives in Stanford.Miss Lucile Henry has returned to her home in Winchester, aftera visit to friends and relatives inParis.Mrs. Robin Horton left Tuesdayfor a visit to friends in Liverpool,O., and relatives in Milton, Pennsylvania. Mr. Ollie Murphy has receivedan honorable discharge from thearmy at Ft. Snelling, Minn., andhas returned to his home near Paris,to rejoin his family. "" 'Mr. Tilden Duncan, of Paris,will leave this week for Irvine, wjierehe will spend several months as assistant field manager on the nilleases controlled by the Bourbon OiL& Development Co.Lawrence James, who is in theU. S. Army service with the ThirdTexas Infantry, in Texas, arrivedyesterday afternoon, on a ten-days'furlough, to visit his mother, Mrs.Mollie James, and other relatives.Mr. James Fee, of Merriam,Kansas, who has been a guest of hisparents, Mr. and Mrs. A. J. Fee, forseveral weeks, left yesterday forWashington, D. C, to visit his sister,Miss Florence Fee, and other relatives. Mr. T. C. Peak, of the circulationdepartment of the Louisville EveningPost, was a caller at THE NEWSoffice j esterday. Mr. Peak is a nativeof Marion county, but has been residing in Louisville for the pastthirty years.?. "Catherine Davis Craig entertained Tuesday afternoon with aknitting party at the home of herparents, Mr. and Mrs. Jos. W. Davis,on High street, in honor of Mrs.Fielding Gordon, of Nashville, Tenn.,guest of Miss Belle Horton.Mr. C. M. Brown was a guestseveral days this week of his brother-in-law,Mr. A. J. Lisle, in Winchester.Mr. Brown is a member of a motortruck crew of civil engineers traveling over the Louisville & Nashvilleroad, making valuation of bridgesand other property.Mr. Gordon Barrow Higgins,prominent Lexington society man,who has a host of friends and Acquaintances in Paris, has completelyrecovered from a recent operationfor appendicitis, performed in a Lexington hospital, and has returned tohis home.7-The following announcementcards have been issued:"Mrs. F. Clay Elkin announces themarriage of her daughter, CarolynRella, to Lieutenant William EstillMoore, on Tuesday, the twentyeighth of August, Nineteen hundredand seventeen, Louisville, Kentucky,At Home, Lexington, Kentucky."CVIr. and Mrs. Arthur B. Hancock Vave a charming dinner wartyWednesday night at their home onPleasant street for their guest, MissAnne Camden, of Versailles. Coverswere laid for twelve. Mr. and Mrs.J. Miller Ward entertained for MissCamden with a dinner party at theircountry home last night.Lieut. N. Winn Lisle, of theSixteenth U. S. Cavalry, stationed atFt. Mercedes, Texas, has been honor de by being selected as special aideto Gen. S. L. Winn. Lieut. Leslie,who is a son of Mr. and Mrs. D. C.Lisle, of near Paris, has left hisregiment at Ft. Mercedes and reported for duty with Gen. 'Winn, atFt. Riley, Kansas.The Courier-Journal of Wednesday says: "Mrs. Walter Meng, ofNorth Middletown, will arrive tomorrow to join Mr. Meng, who is attending the State Fair and is stopping at "Hotel Henry Watterson.Mrs. Joe Redmon, of Bourboncounty, "will arrive Saturday to bethe guest of Mr. and Mrs. John L.Dunlap. Mesdames Dunlap and Rednion will leave September 16 forDenver, where they will visit Mrs.Dunlap's brother, Mr. Joe Giltner,and Mrs. Giltner."(Other Personals on Page 3.)?a is isHANDING IT OUT TO OUR BOYS.MR. CLENDENIN' ACCEPTS CHALLENGE, WILL "WRITE" MORETHAN OTHER SIXMr. R. F. Clendenin, of Paris, ahighly valued live-wire agent ofNorthwestern Life Insurance Company, has accepted the challenge ofthe six Louisville agents for his company, that he wod write more insurance in the six days of this week,than the six Louisville agents in theaggregate will write. If Mr. Clendenin fails to make good he will entertain with a dinner at the SeelbachHotel for the six Louisville agents.Mr. Clendenin's many friends aregreatly interested in this specialcampaign and feel sure he will win,as he always makes good, and is anatural leader, and never follows.He is -a regular pathfinder, and thiscontest will. prove no exception. Inconversation with Mr. Clendenin yesterday he said to a NEWS man thathe already had the slow city fellows"skinned" and was going to "rub itin" on them and if any feeding wasto be done he was going to be thereand at the expense of the Louisvilleboys.fe Ha i3TWIN BROS. DEPARTMENT STORECLOSED MONDAY.being awill beOn account of MondayJewish holiday, our storeclosed all that day.(It) C. S. GOLDSTEIN.ISl T 153 r-PURCHASES SIMON RESIDENCEMrs. H. D. Campbell, who resideson the Jackstown pike, near Paris,has purchased of Mr. Harry Simonhis residence located on Hendersonstreet, for a price close to $4,000.Mrs. Campbell will get possession ofthe property on December 1.Ba 5a feMODERN WOODMAN.There will be a regular meeting ofCamp No. 11330, M. W. A., at theregular meeting place, (K. of P.Hall) at 7:30 to-night (Friday.)This will be a sbecial meeting also,as business of urgent importance willcome up for consideration.H. C. HENSON, Clerk.PAY CAR SPREADS JOY.The Louisville & Nashville paytrain rolled in yesterday, paying outseveral thousand dollars in wages tolocal employes. The check system isused now, the Paris banks and business houses cashing the checks.THINGS TO WORRY ABOUT.Little light suit, ere we partLet me hug you to my heart;All the Summer I've clung to youI've been faithful, you've been true;Little light suit, his cold day,You and I will start awayTo a dark clothe3 closet spot;I'll come back, but you will not.)es ?s PaTO TAX PAYERSTax receiots of thecity for 1917 are nowin the hands of CityCollector ClarenceThomas, at the Peoples Deposit Bank.Call and . pay themnow.J.T-HINTON,(auglO-tf) Mayor.Margolen's Sanitary Meat Marketwill be closed Monday, that day beinga Jewish holiday. Order your meatSaturday for Monday delivery. (It)l fe laPRICE'S SAUSAGE.Price's Sausage, the best in theworld and the first of the season.(It) C. P. COOK & CO.l9 fe fe -TUESDAY COLDEST SEPT. 16 INRECENT YEARS.According to the observations ofseveral "oldest inhabitants," whohave kept weather records for several years, Tuesday was about thecoldest Sept3-'" 1 1 in recent years.The teir-'crature of 40 degrees fellbelow that of any date before September 12, on the records of theWeather Bureau at Lexington since1875.Gas heaters were hastily put inconynission Monday night andTuesday, when overcoats and wrapswere liig up from their resfyng placesand used for protection. There wasa noticeable absence of Koolkloth andPalm Beach attire, and the chilly atmosphere made an indoor job not theworst in the -world.A blanket of cold air spread overOhio, Indiana, Illinois, Iowa, whilekilling frosts prevailed In Michigan,Wiscoasim and Minnesota. If was estimate that thirty- ptrcwit. of thebftaa, potato) a&d orn crops of Mieh-ili-h4 : rii r the frosts.The Lexington Leader's "Notes ofthe Traveling Men," in its Sunday'sissue says of Paris traveling men:"M. O. Upton, of Paris, who wassubject to call as an ex-officer ofUncle Sam, has returned from theofficers' training camp at Foft Benjamin Harrison. Old 'Cleaneasy' metwith a very serious accident after resigning from the service, which rendered him unfit for future militaryservice, so was unable to pass thephysical examination and has beenexcused from further duties. He hasreturned to his position with theLouisville Soap Company."Ben 'Uneeda' Downey has somecontract oh his hands. He promiseda prominent merchant of Lexingtona mess of green turtles. So far Benhas been unable to fulfill his contract.'Babe' Gatrett, of Midway, says Benis a man of his word and that he isbetting that Ben comes across withthe turtles."We are glad to report that NoahRose, of the Powr Grocery Co., whohas been seriously ill at St. Joseph'sHospital, is very much better andhopes to be able to resume his tripson the road soon."0 ' . V5-ii-: A-JUDGE AT STATE FAIR.Mr. J. Miller tWard, of Paris, oneof the best posted horsemen in theState, officiated as one vof thethree judges in the $10,000 SaddleStake 'at the Kentucky State Fairwhich began at Louisville, Monday.Mr. Ward's associates -were Mr.Will D. Lee,-of Mexico, Itafand Mr.James Bridgefdrth, of California.Children love' ' the VictrolaFrom earliest childhoodthe Victrola has a place inshe lives of the children.Merely fascinating themat first, it soon becomes asource of instruction 2swell as entertainment.The Victrola ives correctformation to their musiealtaStes by accustoming" themto music that is worth while.'Come in and hearthe Victrola bringthe children with youand let them enjoy it,too.$l5 to $200" easy, terms if desired.IDaughertyBros.Paris, Kentucky V"ADVANCECoatsDressesLL APPARELSuitsWaistsMillineryNOW DISPLAYING A COMPLETE LINE OF THENEWEST FALL HATSIn smartest styles of Silk Plush, Velour,Zibeline Plush and Velvet.Autumn SuitsIn Velour, Broadcloth, Burilla and Popiins, displaying' the - -smartest of style features. Most moderately priced .$20.00 to $75.00 :Autumn CoatsPlush, Silk Velour, Burilla and Broadcloth, in the fashion'slatest decree as to style and color$10.00 to $75.00Autumn DressesIn Serges and Silks. The styles are most charming inmany new colors and materials; moderate in price. They Nare the leading garments of the season$5.00 to $40.00Autumn WaistsIn Georgette, Crepe de Chene, Plain and Fancy Styles.Displaying the newest styls features$2.98 to $15.00SUMMER WASH SKIRTS SPECIAL!Smart, Pretty Styles in Fancy Materials, Prices from $5.00 to $12.50,AT HALF PRICE !HARRYMOne Price To AllAltNOW COMESTHE TIME OF YEAR TO PUTAWAY SUMMER CLOTHES!We . Have Just Received Some BeautifulCEDAR CHESTSANDMATTING BOXESrWe are also showing a very complete line oft.V:r-RUGSAt the Lowest Prices.I."5 :':.-THEJ.T.HINTOJYCO;MOTOR HEARSEMOTOR INVALID C0ACHXvundertaking;"EITHERPHONE'' 36SIXTH AND MAIN STS., xX'"i--'V-' ' iX'HErTHiB BOUIfflON NSr PARIS, KY . .FRIDAY, SIPTjEWBrat 14, lflfi-'Stomach TroublesSince ChildhoodPERUNA Made Me WellI NowEnjoyThe BestofHealth.Mr. Win. "W. Everly, 3325 NorthHancock Street, Philadelphia, Pa.,writes:"I have been troubled with stomachdisorders since childhood, but aftertaking six bottles of your Peruna, Inow enjoy the best of health. I alsohad catarrh in the head, which practically has disappeared, thanks tothe Peruna Co. for their good work."Those who object to liquid medicine can procure Peruna Tablets. .,.TTJIfcHlN& ATTENTION TO CUTTING COST OF BREAD."With the price of wheat stabelizedand a scale of profits adopted by flourmanufacturers, the food administration turned its attention to plans forreducing the cost of bread. A dozenleading bakers, comprising the waremergency council of their nationalassociation, meeting with food administration officials, were given an outline of what it is hoped to accomplishthrough elimination of wasteful practices in the baking industry and byco-operating of the bakers themselves. ' 'Food Administrator Hoover believes bread prices can be broughtdown fully 20 per cent, when the newwheat crop begins to move freelythrough the flour mills. Bread is nowselling at a variety of prices throughout the country and in no city areloaves the same in size. The food administration hopes to establish astandardized loaf of 16 ounces to sellat six cents and another of fourteenounces to retail at 5 cents.This would represent a considerable reduction in prices now generallyattained.T. W. SMCERNatural Gas FittingPlumbing and HeatingASSIGNMENTS OF METHODIST'PASTORS.A Full Line of Gas Stoves andRangesPut in Your Stoves Now Before the FalljRushMain Street, Opposite Court House fBOTH Pli.OJNJESHBJBlH. ? ?J, 2 PW " de for ery use. For Black Shoe.i? HJ BUck (parte) and "2 in 1 Black Combination" (pwteandLqwdfc Jot White Shoes, r2 in 1 White Cake"cake) andj.!?1-'' ftoP)'' o'Tn Shoe, "2 in 1 Tan- (parte)and "2 u 1 Tan Combination' (parte and liquid).lOc Black White Tan lOeF.F.DAULEYCO.of New York, Inc. Buffalo. N.Y.LEXINGTON, KY., Sept. llj TheNinety-Seventh Annual Session of theMethodist Episcopal Church, South.closed Monday morning with the reading of the appointments oi thepreachers to the various charges, byBishop James Atkins. .Recommend Abolition 4-Year Limit.There will be no four-year arbitrary limitation to the pastoralcharge of a -Methodist minister if theaction of the Kentucky MethodistEpiscopal State Conference, South, isratified at the General Conference atAtlanta in May. At the closing session of the Conference Mondaymorning: a resolution recommendingthe abolishment of this old law, which.dictates that no pastor or presidingelder may remain in charge of anyone church or district for more thanfour years, was voted upon andpassed by a vote of 91 to 31.The Kentucky State Conference isthe first to- pass this resolution, although it is anticipated that otherswill follow, since this is one of thefirst conferences of the season. Fiftyconferences are represented in theGeneral Conference. If the law is notchanged this coming May, it mustwait to be acted on for another fouryears, when the next General Conference will be held. This next Conference will receive an invitation toconvene in Lexington.Consolidation of Kentucky andLouisville Conferences Favored.A resolution, offered by Rev. W. E.Arnold, presiding elder of the Covington district, asking the Louisville conference to join with the Kentuckyconference in a memorial requestingthe general" conference to unite thetwo bodies into one, was adopted.Purchase of Conference PublicationReferred.The following were appointed on acommission to meetwith a like commission from the .Louisville conference, to act in the matter of purchasing the Central Methodist publication,the official organ of the conference:Rev. J. M. Fuqua, of Fort Thomas :Rev. H. G. Turner, of Danville: W. W.J3ad, of Maysville, and R. M. Smith,of LaGrange. The Central Methodistwhich has been published for fifty-onevears is edited in Lexington by Rev.W. A. Swift.The following is a complete list ofthe assignments, made by BishopAtkins :Jackson S. H. Pollitt.Jenkins R. F. Jordan.McRoberts Mission Thomas D.Walters, Supply.Quicksand Mission L. A. Fryman.Sandy Hook W. H. Hall, Supply."West Liberty and Cannel City W.H. McGowan..Whitesbiirg S. T. Fitch.LEXINGTON DISTRICT.E. G. B. Mann, Presiding Elder.Camargo and Grassy Lick A. L.West.College Hill J. A. McClintock.Estill Circuit Hubert Bonney,Supply.Frenchburg and Olympia To BeSupplied.Irvine E. K. Struve; J. R. Noland, Supply.Lexington, First Church G. E.Cameron.Lexington, Epworth F. T. Mcln-tire.Lexington, Park Avenue W. S. IVanderpoolMorehead L. E. Williams.Mt. Lebanon and Siloam MissionE. L. Ockerman, Supply.Mt. Sterling E. L. ,Southgate; E.T. Caton, Superannuary.Mt. Zion W. W. Green.Nicholasville W. S. Maxwell.Owingsville E. M. Armitage.Spears and Roberts Chapel C. M.Fawns, Supply.Versailles T. W. Watts.Winchester G. W. Banks.Winchester. Mt. Abbot C. R.i Thomas, Supply.jrresiaent Js.entucKy wesieyan college J. L. Clark.Missionary to Japan T. W. B. iDemaree.Editor -Central Methodist W. A.Swift.Student Emory University W. H.Moore.Veo 6kklffo WcrkMany Women in this Condition Regain Health by Taking Lydia ELPinkham's Vegetable Compound.IjjIliyjMMyi! I'I mKHliitHfellllUHPiITOCOVINGTON DISTRICT.W. E. Arnold; Presiding Elder.Alexandria S. W. Dean.Augusta J. R. Kendall. .Benson and Cury W. B. Garriott.Brooksville T. W. Barker.Butler S. J. Bradley.California- Ben Sewell.Covington, Scott Street W. 0.Sadler; W. F. Taylor, Superannuary.Covington. St. Luke J. E. Savage ;R. E. Coleman, Junior Preacher.Cynthiana J. P. Strother; W. A.Penn, Superannuary.Dry Ridge A. P. Jones.Falmouth E. K. Pike.Fort Thomas J. M. Fuqua.,Newport J. Frank Richardson.Oddville B. F. Cosby.Visalia Ed. Allen.Walton snd Erlanger G. W. Hoffman; G. N. Buffington and D. E.Bedinger, Superannuary.Williamstown I. R. Hollan.Missionary to Korea W. J. Cram.District Evangelist L. G. Wallace.DANVILLE DISTRICT.C. H. Greer, Presiding Elder.Barbourville R. R. Rose.Bryantsville George S. Conant.isergm and Mt. Olivet J. W.Hughes.Burnside W. F. Vaughn.Corbin E.'C. Watts.Danville H. G. Turner.East Bernstadt R. C. Evans.East Pulaski W. C. Calvert.Gravel Switch S. A. Arnold.Harrodsburg M. S. Clark.Lancaster F. D. Palmeter.London H. C. Martin.Mackville Enos Waggoner.McCreary Mission J. J. Davis,MAYSVILLE DISTRICT.J. D. Redd Presiding Elder.Carlisle J. W. Crates.East Maysville J. J. Dickey.Flemingsburg W. K. McClure.1 Germant&wn W. T. Ecklar. .Helena W. L. Hall.Killsboro4-W. F. Wyatt.Little Rock E. K. Kidwell Supply.Maysville William B. Campbell.Moorefield C. M. Humphrey.Mt. Carmel C. W. Williams.Mt. Olivet J. E. Roberts.Robinson Chapel To Be Supplied.Salt Well S. L. Moore.Sardis and Shannon W. M. Williams. Sharpsburg and Bethel R. A. Selby. Tilton A. G. CoxTollesboro G. R. Tomlin; J.Wood Superannuary.Vanceburg E. H. Ritchie.Washington E. W. Ishmael.R.UliUUllBHHBiMMMDo You Want toBe, a Success ?, The autobiography of everysuccessful man invariably tellshow he earned and saved hisfirst dollar.There's no telling what themorrow will bring forth. It isthe man with the ready cashthat is prepared for a businessopportunity.Isn't it a fact that cash inthe bank gingers you up?Doesn't it give you confidence?0See us about an account.In f r.-'ifUUSuplpy.McKendree A. W. Vanderpool.Meadow Creek C. F. Chenault,Supply.Middlesboro W. V. Cropper.Moreland S. L. Hockenberry, Supply; W. C. Early, Junior Preacher;Mt. Zion T J. Francis, Supply.Perry ville--G. W. Boswell.Pineville H. M. Massie.Preachersville J. M. Robinson.Richmond M. T. Chandler.Somerset W. L. Clark.Stanford W. D. Welburn.West Pulaski To Be Supplied.Wilmore F. B. Jones; Presidentof Asbury College, H. C. Morrison;Vice-President John Paul: Professorin Asbury College, S. A. Arnold.LaGrange (Ga.) Female CollegeC. A. Tague.Conference Evangelist J. W. Carter.E.I IFarmers' & Traders' BankF. P. JBMK,. PraslitaL ww irrrrtJWT..T. n..viA.JumIiWM. GRIMMS, Bookkaapar.W. W. MITCHMLL, Cashier.FRANKFORT DISTRICT.C. F. Oney, Presiding Elder.Ci-rrollton James Crutchfield.Corinth J. W. HarrisFrankfort C. L. Bohon.Georgetown J. E. Moss.Ghent R. M. Criswell.Gratz J. R. Nelson.Hinton A. Redd.Hughes Chapel W. B. Hall.Hutchison and Oxford E.Jackson.Millersburg J. W. Gardiner; J. W.ourpson, junior jrreacner.Mt. Hope F. T. Howard.New Columbus R. B. Baird!Owenton Mission J. J. Thomason.Paris G. R. Combs.Petersburg William Wood.Polsgrove-7-C. H. Caswell.Port Royal E. C. Hardin.f Prestonvjlle To Be Supplied.Warsaw W. R. Johnson.Worthville Josiah Godbey.Millersburg College C. G. Fisher.Chaplain State Reformatory W.Q. Vreeland.JACKSON DISTRICT.G. W. Crutchfield, Presiding Elder.Campton L. C. DeArmond.ClayXityL. T. Allison.Olay County Mission George A.SHELBYVILLE DISTRICT.B. C. Horton, Presiding Elder.Bedford R. M. Lee.Bloomfield G. D. Prentiss.Campbelfsburg P. J. Ross.Chaplin and Mt. Zion P. F.Adajhs.Christiansburg J. S. Ragan.Crestwood W. P. Fryman.LaGrange E. K. Arnold.Lawrenceburg Peter Walker.Milton G. P. Pilow.Mortonsville WwJT. Vanderpool.New Castle P. C. Eversole.Oldham H. A. Longino.Pleasant Valley J. W. Gilbert.Pleasureville and Eminence PriceT. Smith.Salvisa R. M. Bush.Shelbyville O. B. Crockett.Simpsonville James E. Wright.Taylorsville B. O. Beck.Woodlawn J. M. Matthews.National Anti-Saloon League G.W. Young.TRANSFERRED.. W. B. Mitchell to Holston Conference. Pa ft HiCATAURS CANNOT BE CUREDWith LOCAL APPLICATIONS, asthey cannot reach the seat of thedisease. Catarrh is a local disease,greatly Influenced by constitutionalconditions, and in order to cure ityou must take an internal remedy. ;Hall's Catarrh Medicine is takeninternally and acts through the bloodon the mucous surfaces of the system. Hall's Catarrh Medicine wasprescribed by one of the best physicians in this country for years. It Iscomposed of some of the best tonicsknown, combined with some of thebest blood purifiers. The nerfectcombination of the Ingredients InHall's Catarrh Medicine is what produces such wqnderful results Incatarrhal conditions. Send for testimonials, free.F. J. CHENEY & CO., Toledo, 0.Sold by Druggists, 75c.Hall's Family Pills for constipation. (sept-adv)fe fe feINTERURBAN IS ASSURED.Frank Dunn, Secretary of theFrankfort Chamber of Commerce, announced Tuesday night that he hadbeen assured by Eastern capitaliststhat a line of electric railroad willbe built between Frankfort and Shelbyville. This line will be the connecting link between Louisville andParis.Convincing Proof of This FactRidgway, Penn. "I suffered from femaletrouble "with backache and pain in my side for overseven months so I could not do any of my work. Iwas treated by three different doctors and wasgetting discouraged when my sister-in-law told mehow Lydia E. Pinkham's Vegetable Compound hadhelped her. I decided to try it, and it restored myhealth, so I now do all of my housework which isnot light as I have a little boy three years olcLJJJMrs. O. M. Ebtnes, Ridgway, Penn. m j$&-'-vifMrs. Iiindsey Now Keeps House For Seven. &Tennille, Ga. "I want to tell you how much I have been benefitedby Lydia E. Pinkham's Vegetable Compound. -About eight years ago Igot in such a low state of health I was unable to keep house for three inthe family. I had dull, tired, dizzy feelings, cold feet and hands nearlyall the time and could scarcely sleep at all. The doctor said I had asevere case of ulceration and without an operation I would alwaysbe an invalid, but I told' him I wanted to wait awhile. .Our druggistadvised my husband to get Lydia E. Pinkham's Vegetable Compound,and it has entirely cured me. Now I keep house for seven and workin the garden some, too. I am so thankful I got this medicine. I feelas though it saved my life and have recommended it to others andthey have been benefited". Mrs. "W. E. Ltndsey, R. R. 3, Tennille, Ga.If you want special advice write to Ijydia E. Pinkham Medicine Co. (confidential) Iiynn, Mass. Your letter wiH be openedVread and answered, by a woman and neld in strict confidence. THE SECOND LIBERTY LOAN.Secretary McAdoo, of the Treasuryhas issued a statement that the campaign to sell the second issue ofLiberty Loan Bonds will close on thefirst of November, 1917, and the active campaign will begin not laterthan a month before that date.The Secretary explains that detailsof the second loan cannot be givenout until final action has been takenby Congress .upon the war bond billnow pending, but announces that assoon as a new law has been passedthe details will be given out.The Secretary expresses a hopethat all existing Liberty Loan committees will perfect their organizations and new organizations be 'effected in readiness for the next campaign. As in the first campaign the campaign in each Federal Reserve District will be under the supervision ofthe Federal Reserve Bank, which willact as the fiscal agent of the Government.ELIMINATEY0L1RW0RKIPSHigh cost of living, warm weather andscarcity of labor is a condition where aHOME TELEPHONEin your residence at reasonable rates andcourteous treatment to all would eliminate a good portion of the worries attributed to this cause.Call at our office or telephone 427, 411 or320 and place your order.Paris Home Telephone S Telegraph Go.(Incorporated)J. J. VEATCH,District Manager.W. H. CANNON,Local Manager.Young, Supply.nazara n? l,. tfnffy.Jtlazel Green V. L. Moore, Supply.L. GriffsHazardHazel GPR PB PREXPERIENCE IS THETEACHERBESTIt is generally admitted that experience is the best teacher, but shouldwe not make use of the experience ofothers as well aa our own? The experience of a thousand persons ismore tobe depended upon than thatof one individual. Many thousandsof persons have used Chamberlain'sCough Remedy for coughs and coldswith the best results, which shows itto be a thoroughly reliable preparation for those diseases;. Try it.cltIs promptand'effctuarand pleasanttwtike "?."friBourbon LaundryDVIS & FUNK, Props..Telephone No. 4. West 5 Streetr yiruwTfWf s m gw , - ifin t i P " 52 ItBourbon IvSf t - n- - , "JSatisfaction1 Witchjrordis OarWith, all the, latest improvements in laundryappliances and experthelpers we are preparedtor do work inferior rtonone? and solicits yourpatronage.o oiI Aiinifrv--.WUBUlo ,-;-r&ttParis KMtkyrtParii, Xemfacky.'' - - .Hindman W. L. Byrd.(sept-adv)'VIr:TA P ,r0V. rP,'Vt f-kiJ.&, v. H t Ml. U , V- ;V ;-. - . . ' v -."trrFRIDAY, SEPTEMBER 14, 1917.7HE BOURBON NEWS. IHttS.JG?;gggjJBP.- - : KtxMJWL? 'r&jfeA -XiSU fa. " J5MtvCONSUMPTIVES SHOULD AVOIDTOBACCO AND LIQUOR.- - - MMM " MMa M" ' x X,. f -ti i ,car?&rtyes,For distinctive eye glassservice consult us.We use the latest and mostup-to-date methods of refractthe eyes.Give us an early call.We Fit WhereOthers FailFRYE & FRANKLINDOCTORS OF OPTOMETRYDow BIdg., opp. Windsor HotelProfessional Cards.DR. WM. KENNEYEye, Ear, Nose and Throat.ROOMS 403-404.FIRST NAT'L BANK BUILDING.PHONE 138.WM, GRANNANAttorneyatLawROOMS 401-402.FIRST NAT'L BANK BUILDINGCAHAL BROS.BARBER SHOPPrompt and Courteous Attention toPatrons.HOT AND COLD BATHS.YouDon't Have toStoopIf You Use aGarlandCabinetRangeA beautiful line of Garlands on dlsfclay. Come In and look them over.Paris Gas & Electric Co.(Incorporated)!. 'T I2jr Mwirdictc imiinmm.S S,i 'HI IIHlY xS xs i I frii arTHERE'S a heap of joyin a ton of good coal.Your stove or furnacewon't have much .troublefrom extracting comfortfrom a ton of coal if youbuy it from us. Our rapiddelivery will please you.sr &KGPj&'ft(iJmuW. C. DODSONSouth Main St.The Home of Good CoalDr. Holden, medical director andsuperintendent o the Agnes Memorial Sanitarium, Denver, is so sureof the deleterious effects of tobaccoon tuberculosis patients, either insmoking or chewing, that if the patient persists in their use after his attention has been called to the rule heis dismissed from the institution.Tuberculosis people should make anote of this and shun the use of theweed which has been shown to be sodetrimental to improvement andcure. Tuberculosis is a disease thatexhausts vital energy and anythingthat assists in this depletion shouldbe rigorously discarded. This iswhy the use of liquors is prohibitedas all dissipation tends to aid theprogress of the deadly disease unlessarrested. Absolute relaxation andrest of mind and body, fresh air, sunshine, nutritious food, cleanliness andcheerfulness are indispensible requisites in the treatment of the diseaseand those who have paid diligent attention to them have as a generalthing felt the delight of improvement. As consumption is slow in developing, it is also slow of cure. Thepatient must rid himself of the ideathat he can be cured in a short time.It may take months and it may takeyears, therefore "do not weary inwell doing for in due season ye shallreap if ye faint not." We have theBible for authority. If you wouldlearn more of the treatment that hasproven so efficacious, write to Dr. W.L. Heizer, Secretary of the StateTuberculosis Commission, Frankfort,for pamphlets giving full instructions. E3 H3 E3STORE WINTER SUPPLIES.A family of five, including twoadults and three children under ,12years of age, under ordinary conditions, should have stored for eachmonth of the winter season the following food supplies: 1 bushel ofIrish potatoes; bushel of otherroot vegetables, such as carrots, turnips, and parsnips; 25 quart cans ofother vegetables; and 20 quarts ofcanned fruit and preserves. Thesefigures are based on estimates by theUnited States Department of Agricul-tuie, which adds that most of thisshould come from the peiishable products of the many home gardens ofthis year.With these figures as a basis, it isthought that almost any family maycalculate its requirements, taking into consideration the length of thewinter season in any given locality.Thus, in the South, where food cropsmay be grown in the fall, the winter allowance may be less than forthe far North, where one must counton supplies for several months longer.There is still time, says the department, for a final drive in canning,preserving and drying. In using dried vegetables, it may be assumed thata given quantity of dried vegetablesis equal to four times its bulk of canned vegetables; that is, one-fourth ofa quart of dry string beans whensoaked over night is approximatelyequal to one quart canned.TS Ti ISDAYLIGHT SAVERS.The Louisville Herald reprints astory about a farmer who regarded asa blow-hard a neighbor who said hewas the earliest riser in the neighborhood. He called at the residence ofthe boastful neighbor at 2 o'clock onemorning. Te wife of the man hesought responded to a knock at thedoor. She said' in answer to a question a- to where Si was: "Well, hewas around the place early this morning, but I don't know where he isnow."jFarmers as a class are great saversof daylight, but the only farmer weever heard of who was "around theplace at two in the morning" was atelegraph editor on a morning paperwho was a commuter and a back-to-the-soiler, residing in New Jersey andcommuting and telegraph-editing inPhiladelphia. He was around becausehe hadn't yet gone to bed. StateJournal.Wilmoth'sSalt-RisingBread!Angel FoodCake!Don't That"Listen Good?"WILMOTHGrocery Co.Phone 376WHISKEY DISTILLING IN KENTUCKY THING 0E THE PAST 'Distilleries were darkened untilafter the war Saturday night at 11o'clock.Government storekeepers-gaugerswere op hand everywhere to see thatthe last gallon had been manufactured or the mash removed.The new law, a provision in theFood Control Bill, provides that manufacture must cease Sept. 8, and asdistilleries always have been requiredto close at 11 o'clock on Saturdaynights under the law, lights wereturned out promptly at that hour.Distillers predict that whiskey,which has doubled in price duringthe past two years, will cost threetimes as much in the near future.At any rate, owners of the productare not taking it from bond as rapidly as they dida short time afterCongress gave indications of stopping the sale altogether.Although there are about 200 distilleries in the State, very few ofthese have been operating for sometime. Uncertain as to what course!legislation might take, many of themdid not open during the summer.Others closed during the last fewdays.More than $50,000,000 is the estimated amount of actual money invested in the distillery business inKentucky. This does not include thevalues of the trade names of the various brands. The fact that a whiskey was produced in Kentucky addsto its value. One distiller, several,years ago sold the name of his brandfor $100,000.Other allied industries will be affected. The value of the cooperageplants in the State, one of the alliedindustries, is estimated at $9,000,000. The majority of these plantswill be forced to close. The numberof employes of distilleries and 'alliedindustries who will be without workis estimated at between 6,000 and7,000."E3 J53 a .STOCK AND MEAT RATE INCREASE SUSPENDED.Proposed general increase infreight lates on livestock and freshand dressed meats on virtually alllines east of the Mississippi, whichwere to have become effective September 18, were suspended Wednesday by the Interstate CommerceCommission until January 13, next.The proposed rates covered virtually all territory east of the Mississippi and north of the Ohio river.They "were the outgrowth of the 15per cent, rate case in which therailroads sought to obtain a flat increase of 15 per cent, on virtuallyall products handled.Failing to receive the 15 per cent.increase, the road filed new tariffsproposing increases in the rates oflivestock and meats.The amount of the increases is notstated in the commissioner's order,but it is understood to have beensubstantial on a number of chieflines.JHi s aHAS A HIGH OPINION OF CHAM,jBERLAIN'S TABLETS."I have a high opinion of Chamberlain's Tablets for biliousness andas a laxative," writes Mrs. C. A.Barnes, Charleston, 111. "I havenever found anything so mild andpleasant to use. My brother has alsoused these tablets with satisfactoryresults."(sept-adv)fc a laTAX WILL BE LEVIED ON UNASSESSED PROPERTY.Several thousand dollars in intangible property, which had gone unassessod for years in Bourbon county,will be unearthed from its hidingplace in ten days' work by the assessor and his deputies, using aschief weapons, the new Kentuckytax law.There are many reasons, why theproperty which had hitherto goneunfound, will be turned in willingly for listing. This year whenstocks, bonds and mortgage notesare given in for taxation which hadnot been spoken of to the assessor mpast years, there is np back tax suitThis chases away) the fear of beingpunished foB past sinning, and leavesonly the "taxation for this year to befaced by the man who gives in hisfull intangible property.The failure for giving in the fullamount of the paper property is alsopunishable by higher increase .thisyear. A penalty of 100 per cent, andadded interest will be enforced, theassessor says, on intangible propertynot given in. (tg Wg j .THOUSAND WOMEN NOW MAKINGSHIRTS FOR SOLDIERS.One thousand women have enrolled to make shirts for the Frankfortsub-station of the Jeffersonville,Ind., Quartermaster's Depot. Thethousandth woman signed up Wednesday. Not a score of those, whosigned up, have quit, and it is expected that within six weeks -2,000will be making army shirts, and aweekly payroll of some $4,000 willbe met. Women from all parts ofFranklin county, and as far away asLexington and Paris, as well as Versailles, Lawrenceburg and Harrodsburg, have joined.m mUnless a woman is looking fortrouble she has no business to lookIrT k,) ,.s-S Ay rsKSsjsx v ---Wherever you may find them. Paige owners are always enthusiasticalways contented alwayscompletely satisfied. fBecause the Paige is worthy of Trust and Respect, it is trusted and respected in every section ofthe nation North, South, East and WestAnd please remember, it is just this great mass of public opinion this ever increasing owner enthusiasm and good will that has built an, impregnable bulwark of Reputation and Prestigearound the name f aige.jStratford -Jix-5r seven-passencrairfield l- SixUfc even-nasscRerLS45t-fiveSwrbrocSndT v s51-y?c5iierMD1DDDDDDDDDDDDDDDD0DDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDD0D0Dtgxri?iFORMER KENTUCKIAN TELLS OPGERMAN CRUELTY.The conference of the AmericanAlliance for Labor and Democracy,which concluded its big loyalty conference at Minneapolis, Minn., opened its campaign to drive Germanpropaganda from labor's ranks inMinnesota.In part of the campaign literaturewill be the address byN Wesley Frost,who drew a graphic picture of hisexperiences as American consul atQueenstown after the sinking of theLusitania, the Laconia and scores ofsmaller craft."The happy hunting ground of theGerman submarines stretched out inthe ocean south of Ireland," he said."Hundreds of men and women toldme their pitiful tales with the voicesof their dead still ringing in theirears. They told, too, of the grim jokesof submarine commanders who insome cases placed survivors on thetops of U-boats and submerged, laterto reappear and permit the crews totake snapshots of the strugglingvictims to be sent home to relativeand sweethearts."These were not idle dreams. Theywere the statements of our weepingmen and women, sworn to before Almighty God."s Ea tsGREAT FAITH IN CHAMBERLAIN'SCOnC AND DIARRHOEAREMEDY"Chamberlain'h Colic and DiarrhoeaRemedy was used by my father abouta year ago when he had diarrhoea.It relieved him immediately and bytaking three doses he was 'absolutelycured. He has great faith in thisremedy," writes Mrs. W.H. Williams,Stanley, N. Y.(sept-adv)i m isTWO MEALS DAY AT CONFEDERATE HOME.Old soldieis at the ConfederateHome at Pewee Valley will be placedupon a ration of only two meals aday on account of the high cost ofliving, Capt. Andrew M..Sea, secretary of the board of trustees, said.There are about 200 veterans at theHome.Colonel Henry George, commandant of the home, declined to makeany statement regarding the proposed change and referred questioners to Captain Sea. Captain Seasaid the report that the Home wouldsoon be given only two meals a daywas true, and that the new systemwould probably be put into effectSunday.la te IBClothes don't make the man. Evena man's own opinion of himselfdoesn't always fit.IBi S TCSome men are hard drinkers, butothers find it easy.wjrt t Idiscourage-i,W hen coueccoqfused,r .vouX tired, worried r ndent aPILLS? They renew'the normal vigor andm l!f worth livinu." Be sure ftd ask foiMott'tNerverinePilUoruliIIuIU-4TiTi!7iffrSr "Spf)lilMliliilUU-ylno:. jpiznniiarznrri. $1595 f o b Detroit Dartmoor "Six 3T' 2 or 3 passenger- $14501 o t Detroit Sedan -Six-39" five-passenger$12601 o b Detroic Sedan . S.X-5T seven-passenger$1795 f o b Detro.t Town Cjr ' S.x-51 gJgWLIIIIUU31IIC U1AV1 aTW--m-wo -Paige-Detroit Motor Car Co., Detroit,F. P. WHITEWith Dickersonic TJoucloGtirajie, 4tli and HighSERVICE STATIONWindH9IEEBWith every howl, the windtries to loosen the paint fromyour home. It drives its wayinto the cracks and crevices.rmMmlWWMSZMfirst it -dries the exposed woodand then swirls in the torrents of rain. Decay follows the soaking and spreads underthe painted parts.Paint which will prevent" this destruction is madeof Dutch Boy White-Lead mixed with pure linseedoiL Either pure white or tinted any desired color, itoffers a smooth, unbroken surface which neither windnor rain nor sun can crack or scale.Examine your buildings closely and let us'know ifthere is need of paint. We can help you.C. A. DAUGHERTYA MAN AND HIS WIFELEVY, THE DRY CLEANERCumberland Phone 40 Home Phone 169 2G. W. DAVISfuneral DirectorCorner Fifth and Pleasant Streets, Paris, Ky.lDay Phones 137 Night Phones 299 or 999-Automobile Ambulance Automobile HearseUndertaking 'Our Winton-Six Automobile Ambulance with Johnson &Johnson First Aid Equipment and the Lungmotor (recentlysecured' by us at great expense) a resuscitating device, forthose apparently dead from drowning, gas poisoning, electricshock, collapse from anaesthasia, etc., always ready for erV"vice. DAY OR NIGHT. Phone us immediately when anTaccident occurs.-yyittiTTTOwRALPH M1HICM J'mertccft$1260 f o b Detroit$1875 1 o b. Detroit$2400 1 o b. Detroit$28501 o b. DetroitMichiganSts. Paris, KyDutch BoyAnchorWhite-Leadsmay both derive saiisfactionby having their wo'rn and soiledgarments cleaned by us. Theco3t is nominal, while the pie asure of wearing old clothes thathave the appearance of new, inconjunction with the knowledgethat you are effecting a greatving, must surely satisfy you.,, A phone brings U3.-L" vfWO.UAMS MFG. CO . . CtawipM. ""OmiRDORFER, Th DWiflflK.isvnen nis wre is present.v.-t -"' 'V. . -sympathetically at a mjarriedman.Tfi BOURBON NEWS, PAB, KY.nUDAY, SEPTBIO 14lttT.LI - - - 'PAGE EIGHTRMrComingAttractionsPARIS GRAND ANH ALAMOSATURDAY.Fatty ArbuckleIn his best comedy"THE BUTCHER BOY"in two parts, produced by Famous Players."The Golden Bullett," is aGold Seal Drama."Chicken Chased and HenPecked' is an L-KO comedy intwo parts."SUds and Slackers" is one ofthe favorite Big V comedies.This big bill at Alamo in afternoon and Opera House inevening.Alamo Saturday evening, Earl"Williams and Corine Griffith in"The Transgression," a Vitagraph Blue Ribbon.MONDAY.Alamo Afternoon and Evening. Margauritt Clark in"The Valentine Girl"an exceptional comedy dramaby Famous Players; also BlackDiamnd comedy and ParamountPictograpb.At the Opera House 'the big comedy in four acts"Beiieve Me Xantippe"Advance sale commencingtoday.Hours-Alamo, 2 to 5:30; Paris Grand,7 to 1 0:30, Admission 5 and 1 0c.MILLERSBURGMr. G. TV. Bramel is among thesickThe M. C. opened Wednesdaywith a good enrollment. From everyindication the college will be full ina few lays.Miss Mildred Bruce returned"Wednesday after a ten-days' visit tofriends in Helena.Mr. G. "W. Judy sold on Mondayhis home on Trigg avenue, to Mr. J.C. Leer, for. $6, 500.Misses Martha Smith and Alberta Maffett left Tuesday forGeorgetown College.Mrs. R. M. Caldwell was theweek: Mr. and Mrs. P. L. Dimmitt,Mr. and Ms. J. C. Leer, Messrs.Bert McClintock, J. E. Caldwell, S. C.Carpenter and A. S. Miller.The following is a continued listof those in attendance at the StateFair: Mr. and Mrs. J. F. Ralls, Mr.and Mrs. R. M. Johnson, Miss LouiseMyall, Mrs. A. S. Miller, Mr. andMrs. T. "W. Current and son, Mr. H.C. Current, Mr. and Mrs. G. L. Hill,Mr. and Mrs. Leslie "Wheeler and Mr.Clayborne Caldwell.Burglavs entered the home of Mr.W. D. Wadell, Monday night, entering from, a bay window of the parlor,which was not locked. They enteredthe rooms of Messrs. W. D. Wadelland E. S. Wadell, going through thepockets of their trousers, securing avery small amount of money fromeach of them. Mr. E. S. Wadell sayshe heard them in the house afterguest of her parents, Mr. and Mrs. they had left his room, but thoughtDebelle, at Ewing, Monday. they were some of the family.Mr. J. A. Butler and family re- The many friends of Mr. Alfredturned Tuesday after several days'- w. Pence and Miss Elizabeth Toadvisit to relatives at Augusta. j vine were surprised. Wednesday morn-Mrs. C. H. Jones has returned ing when it was learned that theyafter a few days' -visit to her daugh- had gone to Lexington, where theyter, Mrs. Win. Cannon, of Paris. were united in marriage. Mr. PenceMiss Stella Stirman, of Elizaville, came to MiHersburg a few years agois the guest of her aunts, Mesdames j all(i Was employed in the shop of Mr.M. D. Hurst and S. H. Endicott. Id. B. Dunn, afterward purchasingMrs. Neppie Rigdon, while in her j the same, operating it until lastback yard Tuesday morning, fell, ' spring, at which time he formed abreaking her left arm near the wrist. ' partnership with Mr. T. F. Rigdon,Mr. and Mrs. J. B. Cray left who now operates a barber shop andTuesday for a few days' visit to Mr.and Mrs. W. S. Judy, at Lexington.Mrs. Clara Shanks has returnedafter a few weeks visit to her daughter, Mrs. Lesley Wheeler, at New-tQwn.Mr. C. C.Chanslor and familyreturned Sunday, after several daysvisit to Mr. nad Mrs. Jerry Cole, atBlue Licks.Messrs. Fred and Earl Hill leftTuesday for a few days' visit to theiruncle, "Mr. Robert Stokley, and family, at Cynthiana.Mrs. R. P. Hopper and son, Master Richard Hopper, of Mayslick, arrived Monday as guests of her sister,Mrs. J. C. Leer.Mrs. G. E. Reynolds and littleson, Edward Webster Reynolds, arethe guests of her sister-in-law, Mrs.G. C. Watkias, at Irvine.Miss Maguire, of Lexington, thenew principal of the Graded School,has taken board and lodging withMr. and Mrs. Roy Endicott.Mr. L. T. Vimont, of Newport,was the guest of his mother and sister, Mrs. Martha Vimont, and MissFlorence Vimont, Monday and Tuesday. The colored people of Paris puton a cantata, entitled "King Alcohol", at the C. M. E. church hereMonday evening, which was well rendered and witnessed by quite a number of white people.The following from here areamong the number who are attendingthe State Fair at Louisville thispoolroom. Miss Toadvine is an accomplished and attractive younglady, a daughter of Mr. and Mrs. J.T. Toadvine. They will be at hometo their many friends in a few days.5 SI l NSCLNTEDi.4,...M'''Hl4'4ilIlH'ftPears' Imported tTransparentGlycerine Soap 1at the following prices $SCENTEDper cakeOur SpecialFor This Week OnlyPer Boxof 3 cakes.UNSCENTEDper cakePer Boxof 12 cakes-25c60c15c.$1.60See Window Display.BROOKS &SNAPPDRUG COMPANYThe Penslar StorevRELIGIOUS.The State Convention of the Christian church will be held in Campbellsville, Monday. A large delegation will go from the Paris andBourbon county churches.The Ladies' Missionary Society ofthe Presbyterian church will holdtheir regular monthly meeting at themanse on next Monday afternoon, at2:30 o'clock.Rev. J. J. Dickey will preach atHutchison Chapel next f Sundaymorning and evening. Rev. Dickeywill leave soon to assume his newcharge at the East Maysville church.The Christian Endeavor of thePresbyterian church will meet Sunday evening at 6:45 at the courthouse. Leader, Miss ElizabethCrutcher. Subject. "A Christian'sPower." The public is cordially invited to attend.- The regular meeting of the Endeavor Society of the Christianchurch will be held in the churchparlors Sunday Vight at 6:30. MissVernita Baldwin will be the leader!The subject will be "A Christian'sPower."The entire membership of theBaptist church is urgently requestedto be present at the morning serviceSunday at 10:45 o'clock. Business ofimportance v. ill come up for considreration. It is 'the earnest hope, othe Board thst every member willbe present.The Presbyterian church willhold service in the court house, Sunday, September 16, conducted by thepastor, Rev. John J. Rice. The hourof the morning service is 10:45o'clocic, and the sermon subject willbe, "The Greatness of John the Baptist." The evening service hour is7:30 o'clock, and the sermon theme,"Why I Believe The World is Growing Better." 'The Christian Endeavor Societyof the Paris Christian church willgive a "Penny a Letter In YourName" party in the parlors of thechurch next Friday night. Thosewho attend are asked to put intoan envelope enough pennies to correspond with the letters in theirname. The money thus taken in willbe used to meet the mission pledgeswhich the Society owes. AH theyoung people are very cordially asked to attend.; 4& ',-DEATHS. "MALONEY.The burial of Miss Mary Maloney, aged seventy, who died at herhome in Carlisle, Sunday, took placein the Paris Catholic CemeteryTuesday morning. Miss Maloney hadbeen a resident of Carlisle for.niorethan thirty years.JUREY.The funeral of Mr. W. N. Jurey,prominent business man of PeweeValley, near Louisville, who diedsuddenly in Louisville, Monday afternoon, was held at the Presbyterianchurch in Pewee Valley, Wednesdayafternoon at three o'clock. The burial followed in Louisville.Mr. Jurey was for years agent atPewee "VJalley for the Louisville &Nasville rajlroad, and had been engaged in the" coal business. He resided with his family in Louisville.Mr. Jurey is survived by his widow,who was formerly Miss Mamie Wilson, of near Paris, a sister of Messrs.J. Sims Wilson and D. S. Wilson, ofParis, and one daughter, Miss Margaret Jurey.Mr. and Mrs. J. Sims WilsjDn attended the funeral.CORBIN.James Corbin, one of the bestknown colored citizens of Paris,where he had spent almost his wholelife, died at his home in this city at10:30 o'clock" Wednesday morning,after a. four-year' illness of locomoter ataxia.He was for years in the undertaking business in Paris, as a memberof the firm of Corbin & Martyn,previous to which he had been anemploye of Mr. John T. Hinton. Heis survived by his widow, twobrothers, Russel Corbin, of Paris, andWill Corbin, of Los Angeles, California. The funeral will be held at thecolored Christian church on Seventh"street at two o'clock this (Friday)afternoon, followed by burial in theParis colored cemetery., 'hSTOCK, CROP, ETC.V.'HmmmmnimmMmmmnnmnmMAt Carlisle, Tuesday, Newt. Rankin purchased fifty-two mule colts atan average of $54 per head. Mr.Rankin also made the followingpurchases: Thirty head of yearlingmules from James McKee, of Cynthiana, at $160 per head: one loadof yearling mules from Thos. Rob- 2inson, of Bethel, to go Oct. 1, at$160 per head; one load from Mil-ford Berry, of Moorefield, at $130per head; 60 extra good mule colts efor October delivery at $75 to $115. gAmong the Tecent deals -in stock ' emade by Bourbon county people asreported this week, were the fol- Jlowing: ' gCaywood & McClintock sold fif-teen yearling cattle to James 5Stephens, of Bourbon county, at$8.50 a hundred pounds.Miss Carolyn v Roseberry, of nearThe Name Tells a Truie Storymil Mil lHParis, bought ninety head of stockewes from Caywood & McClintock at$12.50 each.Caywood & McClintock sold fiftyhead of stock ewes to a Mr. Jefferson, of Bourbon, at the same-price.Also to Harold W. Snell, seventy-five Imountain ewes at $11.75.S. S. Ardery, Sr., of Parisboughtsixty-three head of breeding ewesfrom Powell & Brock, of Clarkcounty, at $8.50 a hundred pounds.R. R. Crouch sold a bunch of 100ewes at $13 a head last week.!Superior FeaturesBig SpecialFor SaturdayiPure Pork Sausage 30c:DoubleGrainRYAN.The funeral of Mrs. BridgetRyan, aged seventy-two, who died ather home near Centerville, Tuesdayevening, of infirmities of age, will beheld at the Church of the Annnunciation in Paris at nine o'clock this(Friday) morning. Services will beconducted by Rev. Eugene DeBruyn. The burial will follow in theParis Catholic Cemetery.Mrs. Ryan was formerly MissBridget Hehr, and was a native ofCounty Limerick, Ireland. She cameto America when a young girl, andhad been a resident of Bourboncounty many years. She was thewidow of Patrick Ryan, of near Centerville, well-known farmer. Shewas an aunt of Messrs. Ed. Burke,Pat Burke, James Burke, John J.Connell, Thomas P. Woods, MikeWoods, Miss Katie Burke and Mrs.Frank Jacobs, all of Paris, and Mrs.George Rassenfoss, of Mt. Sterling.Mrs. Ryan leaves four childrenthree daughters, Mrs. Wm. Brophy,Misses Margaret and Elizabeth Ryanand Mr. Patrick Ryan, all of thiscounty.IS feMATRIMONIAL.Pork ChopsPork RoastBest SteakRib RoastChuck Steak. .Country BaconLardPicnic Hams30c30c25c?20cjJ20c30c25c25cRun Positive ForceGrain Feeds.Sow all known seeds, both large and small.Adjustable Disc Wind ShieldsTake up wear. Prevent tiash from catching betweenT disc and wheel.Both tight and left ground wheels drive all the feeds.Conductor Tube Tops permit connection of grass seedspouts so grass seed can be sown in rows.Reducing Pletes for alfalfa, millet, flax, etc.Angle Steel Frame reinforced with I-Beam Steel Bed Rail.Hoppers of Large Carrying Capacity.Oscillating Drag Bar Heads(Single Disc only) give greatest clearance of trash.Disk Wheel and Sliding PinionFor change of quantity.Folding Safety LeversTake up least room in storing.Two-Part Axle HangersNot necessary to strip axle in case of accidental breakage.Breakfast Bacon 40cCHILD "POISONED BY EATINGPILLS.Wl 1 1 1 HI 1 1 1 1 1 1 MM!While her mother was absent from Jthe house, a four-year-old daughterof Mr. and Mrs. Elza Fredericks, ofnear Paris, in some way got hold ofa sm&ll bottle of nerve pills, which,under the impression they werecandy, she gave to her little sister.The baby ate several of the pills,causing her death ina few hoursNORRIS BOYD.At Cynthiana, Rev. Geo. II. Harris, rector bf St. Peter's Episcopalchurch, of Paris, officiated at themarriage of Mr. John Strother Boydand" Miss Ruby Halleen Norris, bothof Kansas City, Mo. The ceremonywas performed in the presence of relatives and a few friends of Mr. Boydand Miss Norris.The groom is a son of Mr. SamBoyd, of Cynthiana, and is auditorand counsel for the Sante Fe Railroad Company at Kansas City. Thebride is a handsome brunette ofcharming and vivacious manners.After the ceremony Mr. and Mrs.Boyd left for Kansas- City, wherethey will reside in the future.MflRGOLEN'SSanitary Meat Market5I:U.kJmBALLARAGEGor. Fourth aad Pleasant StEven Sowing Means Even GrowingVw WWWWWW IWffffffffVffiaJiggle NEW 1 11FALL FOOTWEAR! QjJCy Jfy2&'PThe Largest and Finest Selection ofSTYLISH, HIGH GRADEMensWSULLIVAN THORNTON.The marriage of Miss Mary Sullivan, daughter of Mr. and Mrs. JerreSullivan, of Lexington, recent residents of Centerville, this dounty, toMr. Roger Thomas Thornton, of Buffalo, New York, will be an event ofthe early autumn.A handkerchief shower and livehundred party will be given in Lexington this afternoon by Miss Margaret McCarthy, in honor of thebride-elect, followed by an entertainment in her honor by Miss BlancheGormley. Miss Mary Brannon,daughter of Mr. and Mrs. Thos. F.Brannon, formerly of Paris, has "issued invitations to a linen shower forMiss Sullivan, which she will give ather home on Forrest avenue, in Lexington, next Tuesday.CYNTHIANA GIRL GOES TOFRANCE AS INTERPRETERMiss Frances Boyd, of Cynthiana,who volunteered her services as interpreter of the United States army inFrance, and was accepted, has received orders to report before the fifteenth of the month for duty. She isto go to Youngstown, Ov where acorps of nurses are waiting"for ordersto go to France. Miss Boyd has beena teacher of- Spanish and French inWestern Reserve University, Cleveland, O., for several yearsromen s and Children'sFALL SHOESAT LOWESTVisit our store, ce what is correct in style, notice theQuality and the comparatively low prices and be convincedof the great savings we offer to our patrons.I Final Clearance Saleoni Balance of Low ShoesTwo and Three Pairs for the Former Price of One.BOYS' AND GIRLS'SCHOOL SHOESAt Great Bargairi PricesDAN COHENParis' Greatest Shoe StoreWhere Beauty and Economy Reign'A:5sii-fI " ' ,'2- Jr'?-Vv.V-