-Ts.;p :tjsk"r -.'tfSafc (."--r-- : --t1 K S&t-!gHHPl1 T"fc!! vTHE'- a"fe-Mr ---5 SlJc-,- 4 Jf-. PUBLISHED EVERY TUESDAY AND FRIDAY IN THE YEAR.- VT"BOURBONNEWS" - W "J fl-- .T V Tf " -- x.w.4TVOLUME XXXVUPARIS, BOURBON COUNTY, KENTUCKY, FRIDAY, OCTOBER 12, 1917ANOTHER QUOTA TO BE CALLEDPROM BOURBON.Those who "were fondly consolingthemselves with the thought thatt'ncle Sam had all the soldiers heneeded to assist the Allies, and thatthey were to rest in security fromthe draft will find themselves on thelosing side. A notice was posted onthe bulletin board in the office ofthe local Board of -Exemption in thecourt house Wednesday, containingthe names of thirty-one Bourboncounty young men who have beencertified back to the local Board bythe District Board at Lexington, asbeing called for serivce.The men have been notified bycard, and many personally, to holdthemselves in readiness to report formilitary duty at the office of theBoard within the next seven days,and are specifically charged to keepa close watch on the bulletin boardpo as to be apprised of the eractdate upon which they are called toreport. The new call came as a surprise, as it had not "been hinted atin any way by the local Board, norhad it been advertised in the papersor official bulletin. But the fact remains that the call has been madeand the boys ordered to be ready.The following comprises a list ofthe thirty-one men w"ho are to compiise the next quota of drafted menfrom Bourbon county:Frank C. Caldwell, Millersburg.Harvey Allen Rogers, Paris, R.7 F.D. 2.Robert Barton, Hutchison.Washington Holmes, North Middletown. V. D. Goldrick, Paris.Rodney M. Weathers, Austerlitz.John Jackson, Paris, Ky.John Adams Mucker, Seventhstreet Paris.Victor M. Williams, HigTi Street,Paris.Lee Kerr, Paris.Reuben Lee Clinkenbeard, Sharpshurg, Ky.Alonzo Brown (col.), 110 Locuststreet, Paris.Roy B. Smart, Parrish avenue,Paris.Cornelius McKane, Paris.Wheeler Kenney, North Middletown. Grant Crooks, Paris, R. F. D. 5.Charlie Ed Mason, North Middletown. Louis Rankin, Paris, R. F. D. 2.Ed. Mitchell, Paris, R. F. D. 5.Robert Henry M. Madden, Millersburg. John Mack Miller, Millersburg.Jesse Richardson (col.), Paris.Alfred Biddle, Paris, R. F. D. 6.Chas. Millen Curtis, Paris, R. F.D. 1. u . -Simon Stout, Jr., Paris.Stanley Walker Shrout, Clintonville. Jim Maharney, Shawhan.Glenn Rowland, Vine street, Paris.Daniel C. Gay, Paris.Ben Harrison Brown, North Middletown. Frank Clay Redmon, Hansonof rppf" PfLrisHiram W.' Beeding, Millersburg.Many "hundreds of Kentucky menin camp at Camp Zachary Taylor,including the Bourbon county boys,are likely to be sent to Little Rock,Ark., as a result of the War Department's announcement that only 27,000 men will be trained at the Louisville camp. At the present timethere are over 30,000 men there.The Indiana men will also likely goto Little Rock.a MBIGHT NOW.To-day and to-morrow are thelast days to get Neponset Linoleumfor 59 cents square yard.THE J. T. HINTON CO.ft MGIANTS WIN THIRD GAME OF"CHA1TP. SERIES.,,The third game of the World'sChampionship series between theNew York Giants and the ChicagoWhite Sox was taken on the Newnrir rmiiTifis Wednesday by tnetheplate in the fourth inning, the SoxVJI0.11U5, W1IU 1JU.U Hv iuuu .w"Cnt,. ...1 ,,f Tt-- rune IPrn'Sfinot scorins: at allThe batteries were Rube Benton"Z "g" anaand Rairiden forCicotte and Schalk for the WhiteSox.Tiio r.inoiTinati Reds woni,,o.v,ehT nf nhin Wednesday byrinfpntiTijr the Cleveland Americans?.&1T5 o, 8 tol,inning four o the s.X games.!, vocrnv hv a score of 5 tokPW Y OfK MJUtt. tllC fettuiv, ...vn.v,a,&w jw-j - ,-it. .The "batteries were, raoer, uduforth and Schalk, for Chicago;Fchupp and JRaridan for New York.Returns fromthe games have been"bulletined on the bigs window atCanal Bros., attracting more atten-,,. -u W o nprvation ofmuu. tinvii cue , ww--:lood or the high cost of living.SELL STOCK TO TRANKFORTHRM.Higgins & Flanagan, clothiers,have gone out of business, havingsold their entire stock of clothingand gents furnishings to Greenwald& Co., of Frankfort. The stock hasbeen moved to Frankfort. The members of the Paris firm will engage inother business. 'PYTHIAN GRAND LODGE.Tythian lodges are making prepaTofirtnc fo. attpndine the State meet-.- it J ir,erVif a rf Irepresent Ratwe ix "' -;Paris. Th matU wwthe m imvortmmt hMinpaanyADVANCE IN PRICE OF CIGARSAND TOBACCO.On account of the imposition of the After a two-years' service as manwar tax on tobacco, both chewing ager of the Windsor Hotel, in thisand smoking, and on cigars and ciga- city, during which time he has berettes, which was made a part of the come well and" favorably known towar tax byi recently passed, by Con- the traveling public, Mr. Owen L.gress, Paris smokers and cheweis Davis has sold his lease and businessare finding themselves paying extra interests in the hotel to Mr. and Mrs.pennies for their favorite brands of Robert Goggin, who will, after the"dope sticks" and "chawins.' " The first of November, be in charge,prices have been considerably ad- From the time Mr. Davis tookvanced, the penny tariff taking effect charge- of the Windsor the hotel unSaturday, so that what was five cents 6erwent a radical change, all foris six cents, ten is twelve, and so on better, as traveling men, and thosedown the scale. J ''regulars" who are known as com-The advance with many of the petent critics, have often testified,dealers went into effect on Saturday, The building was thoroughly renoand with others did not go on until J bated and made cozy and home-likeMonday, when the dealers were kept from top to bottom, with the resultbusy explaining the increase in price that many traveling men who hadto their bewildered patrons. The ' been in the habit of going to Lexing-prices irom tne wnoiesaiers to tneretailers have increased fully fifteenper cent., and with the additionalburden of the war taxation, the retaildealers have, in self-defense, had toput on the extra prices.According-to the local dealers, theprice of a five-cent cigar and a fivecent package of cigarette has nowbeen advanced to six cents, with acorresponding increase in ten-cent cigars and cigarettes to twelve cents.The dealers have been busy makinginventories of their stocks on handso as to have them ready for theGovernment inspectors who are expected here almost any day to lookover the lists. The inspectors willreinvoice the stocks. The dealers willbe held accountable to the Government for the tax on goods which theynow hold, and in all future purchasesthe tax will be paid by the manufacturers and jobbers, and the dealerwill have to get his refund throughhis customers.So, when you go to your dealer fora package of your favorite smokes, orfor a piece of "twist" or "plug" tobacco, get your extra pennies ready,ior the old order of things has passedaway, and unless we get the Kaiserkilled and 'the war stopped, the nextthing will be the utter rout of thesmoking and chewing fraternity. Thesky will be the limit apparently onluxuries the way things are going atin esent.Cigarette smoking has now takenits place among the other war-timeluxuries, due to the advance inprice of all standard brands, and isnow firmly established among otherrapidly soaring commodities', muchto the displeasure of the inveteratesmoker. The poor man who wouldenjoy his "pill" still has recourse tothe "makins" as a means of beating the high -cost of smokingr and.no doubt many smokers who haveTiver learned how to roll a cigarette will be boasting of his accomplishments -in that line before long..3 feA SUCCESSFUL RALLY.(Contributed.)A rally held recently to raise fundsfor the benefit of the colored Methodist church in Brentsville, near Paris,was very successful, -the sum of1197.53 being raised for the purpose.Rev. J. R. Hill, pastor, and the members of the congregation desire tothank each and every one who contributed to the fund. The individualcontributions were as follows.Col. E. F. Clay, $5.00; Mrs. E. F.Clay, $5.00; Mr. Catesby Woodford,$5.00; A Friend, $1.00; Mr. -GeorgeBell $1.00; Mr. Ben Posner, 25c;Mr. 'Samuel Clay, $1.00, A Friend,25c Mr Woodford Buckner, $1.00;Mr'M. E. McCurdy, 25c; A Friend,25c; Mr. T. Longo, 25c; Mr. AlbertAnthon, 50c; Mr. John J Connell,85c; A Friend, 25c; Mr. C. C. McDaniel, 25c; A Friend, 15c.Rev J. R. Hill, (collection) $27.50,nruifom VM.o.h. S7.00: Daniel Winston $3.50; William Harden, $2.00;Louis Fields, n.75;Wm Porter,$2.25; John Porter, $6.15; Ed. Roberts, $1.0j); Frank Claxton, .$1.70James Hayes, $10.10; Oliver Sal-ocn- -Rsrthfill Hill. 35c; EmilyTvTVtnr '$5 2F: Katie Porter, $3.45;Lizzie Porter, $2.00; Mary E Hill, -- -, :nj $2.5; Jennie tfS".-..-r TihhR 10c: Mollie Johnson,nexus, ?.i.iu, " --.- ,- ortlT cinWHeamon, 95c; tterTorter, 5uc; . isuiei 6" r;,-T'Frances Veach, 35c; rawthe'.ner. 25c; Lida Kooeris, su. --. Stephenson65c; jonn a. xvuuww,Tibbs, $1.75; Emma$6.10; John, Hamilton 35c; Aus infws .O . A. Ig, ?1.20; Wal-, -r -t - -,--i lace Porter, iu.xum 3 3POCKET BILLIARDS CONTEST.Charles Mitchell, from, everywhere,styling himself "The Boy Wonder.defeated Julian James, ui ,! o i9K-nmnt match of pocKet Dll-, j. . . ,, p. rrt nnnHards at the ss. a. .V"' Troom weanesaay uiguu .replayed a brilliant game, but Mitchell's skill and large experience inhandling the cue won him the matchbv a good majority. Speptatorscomplimented James' playngequal to that of some experts. Afterthe game Mitchell gave an exhibition of ncy billiard r shots givinghis audience an idea of what it is to"a good one."APPOINTED ADMINISTRATOR.'In the County Court Wednesdaythe Bourbon-Agricultural Bank &T.. nn - thrnneh Mr. BucknerJ.ILUM vw, - lliJnnWoodford, Cashier or ine a""""4"""J5S5 -ii . Charle B. MitchM :"" ri'TIT v.Wwr-wlfoo wrafee the -ellWINDSOR HOTEL CHANGESHANDS.Lton to spend the night, continuedthere as Mr. Davis' patrons. By prudent management and careful attention to the wants of his guests he hasmade a name for himself mong hundreds of patrons who will one andall regret that he is turning the placeinto other hands.Mrs. Goggin is a native of Paris, adaughter of Mrs. S. M. Wilmoth, ofthis city. She has had ample experience in the hotel business, and is atpresent in charge of the LancasterJLiutei, ill vxeurgCLUwu, wueie ueicareful management and courteoustreatment of guests has increased thepatronage of the house one hundredper cent. Mr. Goggin will continueon the road as represeatative of aLexington wholesale grocery concernMrs. Goggin's lease on the LancasterHotel expires at the same time shetakes up the management of theWindsor here. Paris will welcomeher back again."""" fe 1E3 ISANEDRSON PORPERTY AT PUBLIC SALE TO-MORROW.The Anderson property on Mainstreet, occupied by Albert Anthon, located just right for. any buyer, willbe offered at public sale to-morrow(Saturday) afternoon at 2:36 o'clock.This -is good business property and amost tempting offer. It is locatedlight. Don't fail to attend.PQ Pa ,1sPARJS CLUB TO BE FORMED ATSTATE UNIVERSITY.The formation of a "Paris Club"composed of the seventeen studentsirom Paris, who. are attending theState University at Lexington, isamong the likely events of the future.The project is uruer consideration,and will probably be carried into effect thisweiskvThose'-from Paris whoare gathering wisdom from the instructors at State are:Landen Templin, Eli Friedman,Stuart Wallingford, 'Winn Hutchcraft, Raymond Connell, ThorntonConnell, Albert Lavin, Edgar Estes,Jennings Taylor, Charles Chappell,Forrest Letton, Hiram Adair, Preston White, Misses Mary Adams Talbott, Mildred and Marie Collins andEliza Clay Mason. Of the seventeenstudents thirteen are graduates ofthe Paris High School.We have heard the Dr. A. Reed CushionShoe called the "dry foot shoe." It's a goodname but it only tells part of the story.Look at theBr. A...gdEshown above, and you'll see one of the newmodels that's up to the last minute in styleand appearance.Our stock includes all the smartest styles ofthe season, every size and shape, a remarkableassortment of fine footwear.W FJBER CUSHION TlSECTIONAL VIEW SHOWING CONSTRUCTION Or SOLEDr. A. REED'S CUniU4 iHUEm (patented)J. P. Smith Shoe Comptny.MtkcrsMitchell &rflGOVERNMENT TO HAVE FOODCONTROL BY NOV. 1.Virtually all the staple foods consumed by the American people willbe put under Government controlNovember 1.The food administration has announced that within a few daysPresident Wilson will issue an executive order requiring that manufacturers and distributors of sometwenty fundamental food productsoperate under price restrictions designated to prevent unreasonableprofits and to stop speculation andhoarding.Regulations will be prescribed forjineat packers, cold storage houses,millers, canners, elevators, graindealers and wholesale dealers andretailers doing a business of morethan $100,000 annually, in the commodities to be named.Sa ?5i isSECOND LIBERTY LOAN BONDS' SOLD ON INSTALLMENTS.Loosen your purse strings, sonsand. daughters of Columbia, and taketh bonds of the Second LibertyLoan. Buy them till the pinch ofbuying brings to your heart the glowof a good investment made and agood deed done. Buy U. S. Government Liberty Bonds. If you have one,buy another, and sell two more bondsto two other good Americans.We are offering these LibertyBonds on easy terms a $50 Bond at$1.00 down and the balance in weekly payments of $1.00 per week; the$100.00 Bonds at $2.00 down and$2.00 per week.THE FIRST NATIONAL BANK.(oct5-8t)? TS3 ISGERMANS PLOT TO DESTROYTHEIR ARMY AND NAVYA cable to the daily papers fromCopenhagen, under date of Oct. 9,j-ays: "Vice Admiral "Von Capelle,German Minister of Marine, announced in the Reichstag to-day that a plothad been discovered in the navy toform a committee of delegates on theRussian Model and to paralyze thefleet so as to force the government tomake peace. The guilty parties havebeen arrested and have received theirjust deserts, the Minister added."A press cablegram from Amsterdamunder date of Oct. 10, says: "Thecrews of four battleships among theGerman fleet mutined at Wilhelmshaven. The captain of the battleshipWoctfalen was thrown overboard anddritoied. The crews were landed.""Si PB wt .NEW BAKERY.Everything that's good and freshin the bread line can now be obtained at Ahearn & Burton's new bakery,just completed at their restaurant,corner of Pleasant and Tenth streets.Everything that fresh materials, an,up-to-date bakery and skilled workmen can produce to tempt your appetite. (It) AHERN & BURTON.ATRADEMARKkBlakemore&&ift a$WAR DEPARTMENT WANTS MENPOR SIGNAL CORPS.Fifteen hundred men are wantedat once, by the War Department tofill vacancies in the Signal Corps division of the army service, accordingto a special order received at iheLexington army recruiting stationfom J. T. Kerr, Adjutant General.Applicants for enlistment in thisbranch of the service must have previous experience as cable, telegraphand radio operators; inside and outside wiremen; electricians; machinists; photographers and men. whoare familiar with the construction ofand maintenance- of telephone systems. In addition to being qualified asaforementioned, a person desirous ofenlisting in the Signal Corps must beable to meet all other military requirements, physical fitness, education and the like.Is fe feCANDIDATES PILE EXPENSE ACCOUNTS. Candidates in. the August primaryelection have filed their after-electionstatements of expenses incurredduring the progress of the campaignin the office of County Clerk PearcePaton, as required by law, as follows: L. A. Soper, $243.44; R. O. Turner,$7.00; John Merringer, $12.50;P. A. Thompson, $13.00; WalterClark, $22.00; J. W. King, $3.00;W. Fred Link,-$20.00; Ernest Martin, $2.50; Wm. O. Hinton, $123.10;Wm. G. McClintock, $16.00; E. B.January, $43.00; Thos. Taul,$124.00; Miss Mabel Robbins,$41.60; George Battherton, $77.23.;D. D. -Cline, $48.25; J. N. Shropshire, $7.00; Rudolph Davis, $3.50;J. B. Caywood, $56.05; S. K. Nichols,Thos. Kiser, J. J. Veatch, W. T.Brooks, John Arkle, Geo. Doyle,John S. Wiggins, R. H. Burris, E. P.Thomason and C. M. Thomas statedthey had no expense account sincethe last report. The law requiredtwo statements to be filed.IS fti 151LET THE BAKER DO IT.Why worry on Saturday aboutbread for Sunday? Go to Ahem &Burton and place your order forwhat you want. Their new bakery,just completed, is a marvel of modern work, and their baker is an artist as well as a geed baker. Letour baker's products relieve you ofthat Sunday worry!(It) AHERN & BURTON..i m mA SPLENDID SELECTION.Under the above caption The Versailles Sun pays the following feelingtribute to Rev. Geo. H. Harris, ofParis, rector of St. Peter's Episcopalchurch, one of the most popular ministers of his church who ever came toParis:"The selection of Rev. Geo. H. Harris, of Paris, as the rector of St.John's Parish, and as the dean ofMargaret College, will be good newsto every one in Woodford who has the.pleasure of knowing Mr. Harris, andwill be good news to all the remainder asfsoon as they get aquaintedwith him."Mr. Harris is a man of great energy and ability, of :fine sense, fineirpirit, true dignity of character andearnest devotion to the cause towhich he has given his life. Like Mr.Maxon, he is a big asset to any community."B-4 TIREInsure withV1W.O. HINTON &SON,Agtsis te teEIRE DESTROYS HOME AT MT.STERLING.Fire of unknown origin gutted thecottage residence belonging to Mrs.Pattie Thompson, on Clay street, inMt. Sterling, about midnight Tuesday. The loss on the building willbe about $2,000, partially covered byinsurance. The residence was occupied by Mr. and Mrs. William W.Eubanks, Jr., who were away fromhome at the time. Their householdand kitchen furniture was destroyedand broken up. Their loss will beabout $1,000, with a partial -insurance.miMFire, Wind and LightningInsurance.Thomas, Woodford & Bryan.SIMON WEIL PURCHASESLANSING FARM.THE' The Lansing farm, consisting of242 acres, on the Versailles pikefor several months past the home ofmore than 4,000 members of the Second and Third Kentucky Regiments,during which time it was known asCamp Stanley, was sold Tuesday by,the Lexington Development companyto Simon Weil at $300 an acre. Thefarm was purchased last spring bythe company, composed of severalrrominent Lexington business men,at ?325 peracre, and the use of itpresented to the government rree iorthe training of the Kentucky troops.POSTAL DISTRIBUTING POINT.Postmaster J. Walter Payne hasreceived ofllcial notice from the post-office "DeDartment at Washingtonthat the Paris office has been designated asfa distributing point for postal supplies of all kiads for the,potnflfiMin Bourfaaa ewtmty. Tkki toettTsT!e time d extern for JIFARMERS TO DISCUSS HOG CHOL-ERA PREVENTION.Dr. Frank Mussellman, State Veterinarian, and Dr. Payne, of the U. S.! Bureau, at Washington, will meetwith the farmers of the North Middletown vicinity, at North Middletown, to-morrow (Saturday) -after-uoonat two o'clock, to discuss meansand measures for eradication of hogcholera, which is assuming seriou3proportions in the herds in that section of the county.Drs. Mussellman. and Payne willadvise with the farmers and swiaebreeders as to the best measures topursue and will make arrangementsfor the vaccination of hogs. All thefarmers and swine-breeders in thneighborhood and all others fromany other part of the county, whoare interested in the eradication ofthis disease are cordially invited, tobe present and take part in the discussion. This is a matter of the motetital. interest at this time and shouldbe gone into thoroughly.CHANGE IN PRICES AT ALAMOAND GRAND.Owing to the fact that everythingin the production of moving pictureshas increased in cost fully fifty "percent, moving picture houses all overthe country have been compelled toadvance prices to meet the situation.Beginning Monday afternoon with.the performance at the Alamo, thefollowing prices will be charged:At the Alamo, 10c to .everybody,including children in arms; at theParis Grand, adults, 15c; childrem,10c; children in arms, same price;gallery, 10c to everybody.These changes have become absolutely necessary, owing to the impositions of war taxes and the Increasedcost of everything, from a ticket tothe high-priced projecting machines,film service, etc.Monday afternoon at the Alamo theB. F. Keith trio, three high-classmusicians, who have been playingthe big houses, will open for an engagement of Indefinite length. Thistrio Is composed of artists of merit,who really make music. Others willbe added as the season progresses, sothat patrons of the Alamo and theGrand will, after all, have no occasion to complain of the increasedprices.m m mSALE OE ANDERSON PROPERTY.The sale of the Anderson propertyon Main street, occupied by AlbertAnthon, will be held at 2:30 p. m.Saturday, Oct. 13. If you want desirable property, don't fail to attendthis sale. The location is right. Besure to attend and get property worth.having.Ts i 1? .. -RESOLUTION ADOPTED BY BTJSI-NESS MEN'S CLUB.Whereas, The General Assembly, at.its 1916 session,, adopted a Constitutional amendment to be submitted toI the voters of the State for ratifica-.tion at the November, 1917, election,under the terms of which, with, theapproval of the State authorities and 7the City Council of the city, in which. -thetelephone companies are located,one telephone company may purchasethe lines of another, therefore,Be It Resolved, That the Business -Men'sClub of Bourbon County endorse the adoption of the Constitu- .tional amendment, and urge thevoters of Bourbon County and theState-at-large, to vote for the amendment at the ensuing November election, andBe It Further Resolved, That thePi esident of the Business Men's Cluoof Bourbon County be authorized toappoint a Committee to aid in whatever manner it can, in bringing theConstitutional amendment to the attention of the voters and other com.-mercial bodies. -A. B. HANCOCK, President.By LAWRENCE PRICE, Sec'y.?3 1 flRLITTLE FEAR FELT EOR SERIOUS -COALSHORTAGE.Every government inuuence willbe exerted this fall and winter to ..increase the production of coal and -littlefear of a serious shortage Is felt .among oflBcials in Washington. Tillswas indicated at the White HouseTollowing receipt of reports from""many sections of the country that re-tailers would not fill orders promptlybecause of low stock. Persons whodiscussed the coal situation withPresident Wilson expressed the belief that with the preliminarr arrangements for supervising coal pro-,duction and distribution about completed by the Fuel Administratioa,definite results in the way of insur-.ing a steady flow of coal to the markets would be evidenced soon.TEACHERS' SALARIES HELD UPUNTIL NOV. 3. -,?Miss Mabel Robbins, County Super-intendent of Schools; has rwtiuiiV"notice from Frankfort to the eNt ;that -the salaries of Bourbon coaty "school teachers will not be availaWeuntil November 3. The lack omoney in the school fund is the cauafcof the delay. The October installment, due to-morrow, will be paidon Saturday, Not- 3. jDITFERENTlALS.fEETEClTi-iBeginning Tuesday the Sot--PmMillinr vDIviakm. unctahr oMrtrfrom the Food Administratib -MT1V-ing Division ,Tiave ordered all flowring mills and jobbers to wtB. tftirp redacts accordiay to diffvreatftafe, aiMJary pematty telm pUifkled tmrfailure tfrdos. Tfce local mlUs wttl-ii. II' ii- iHi5 ears.: "v.t&ese offices.rte-comply with the order,izfr- V" ,.;j? r -zV-x: -,TH BOURBON-NBWS, PARIS, JEY,Tramiy, octobi la, xi.icatwo" " " sa". --U - "-1hf1IE BOURBON NEWSWM 1SS1 35 Yrt of ContlmMiM Publication.lithod Every Tuesday and Friday,r Tear... 12.00 Six Months... $1.00Payable in Advance.WIFT CriAMP, Editor and Owner.-EDITORIAL MUSINGS. !A Typical American Mother.Since so much has been said aboutthe war situation, we should -like toiell you of an instance that recentlycame to our notice. A mother aplain farm woman was telling usthat her oldest son had been drafted.He is a fine young fellow, barelytwenty-one, and her idol."He's always done the best he knewhow in everything," she said, "and if.he's got to be a soldier I want him to"fco on doing the best he can. It'sbreaking my heart to give him up "She caught her breath and turned,fcway for a minute, then went on:"I lie awake nights thinking aboutIL, I wonder if he will have to sufferfrom cold while we're warm at home.I wonder if he'll ever come back "She stopped at that and went backto her sewing, and we thought shevwould say no more. But in a minute.she dropped her work in her lap andlooked, up."I'm glad he passed the physicalexamination," she said, "though ifhe hadn't he could stay at home withus. I've tried to take care of hisJiealth, and to teach him to do so,from the time he was little. I meantfor him to be a strong, good man,whatever he was called upon to do.Of course I never thought of this.But when he goes I shall know thatX have helped him to go as a manihould, and to be what a man oughto be. It's no more than I ought too, or any other mother."Again she was silent; and we could&y nothing, though we tried to thinkt some comfort."I Wonder," she went on quietly,"'if this government knows just howmuch it asks of us mothers. I wonder if it knows."We want to tell you that there aremany women whose quiet heroism isas deep as that of this mother whofelt that in giving her boy she wasreally giving a part of herself, andthat her service had gone to make apart of his efficiency. There was nodemonstrative heroism about it, justplain sacrifice and pain and with itall a pride in the fact that her son 'U..1 -4- "U J 4-t i-suumuuuiuB iuuuu ivuuus xu a,uyxespect. She spent no time in whin-Ar olAli4 $ .ri4-4 m .. ii v5Tr5vr ??to selfish feeling. "If he's. got to be 'a soldier I want him to do the bestbe can." That was the keynote, andto us this plain, middle-aged womann her calico dress seemed to personify America's brave womanhood in allwalks of life.Pink Patriots.A very earnest appeal has beenmade for our women to limit theiruse of knitting wool.So acute has become the shoitagecf khaki wool that hudreds of women workers throughout the UnitedSlates are forced to sit idle, theirhands tied by lack of material withwhich to help the men in France resist the cold winds of winter.In an effort to combat these conditions a movement has been startedrimong the patriotic women of thecountry to create a widespread interest and effect a reform.The reason for the scarcity ofIch&ki wool lies in the demand of women throughout the country, aremaking for colored wool with whichto make themselves and their familiessweaters, regardless of the great needqt the soldiers. These women havereceived the title of "pink patriots,"and a campaign started to curtail theuse of wool for private purposes.This campaign will consist in partc an appeal to women to knit onlyfor soldiers. The War Departmenthas authorized the use of khaki colored, wool only, and an appeal will bemade to the department stores to sendJjack to the factories the many colored wools they have on hand and have.them dyed for patriotic use.The campaign posters read, 'Women Only Pink Patriots Wear Knitted. Garments. Our Sammies NeedJAU the Wool. Don't be "a Pink.Patriot." sr Enlisting the Children.In uniting all the forces of the nation for the common purpose, thepchools have not been forgotten.President Wilson has issued an appeal to all school officers to "increasematerially the time and attention devoted to instruction bearing directlyjdh the problems of community andaational life." His plea is not merely for a temporary enlargement ofthe school program for the period ofthe nvar, but "for a realization inyublic education of the new emphasiswhich the war has given to the ideals2. The tabletformulary and is moreo. jsuuuuin, uwyvmT ff 1 TV- IM -.V SHMiAHnsW 1.. everyw'KBLBSSTl''Sl' ""vI of democracy and to the broader conceptions of national life."The enlistment of tea.cb.ers and pupils in a course which will giveschool children a 'deeper understanding of their country and government,their organization purposes andideals, of the individual's duties andobligations as a citizen of the republic and of the world, must be highlybeneficial. It will make better menand women of the boys and girls andmake a better country of the UnitedStates when they become its guides.The vision and foresight for whichPresident Wilson has become worldfamous were never better exemplifiedthan in his purpose to enlist .YoungAmerica now for, the making of agreater and better nation in the future. Ea m mSHOULD BREAK EVEN WITH THENEWSPAPERS.The country newspapers of Kentucky have contributed more in proportion to their ability and the meansof their owners than have any othercitizens or enterprises to assist inthe war. It costs money to furnishpaper, ink, linotype composition andlabor, editorial work, and other features connected with giving publicity to the Red Cross, the army andnavy work, the Liberty Bond issuesand the numerous other enterprisesthat never would have succeededwithout the help of the newspapers.All this work .has been cheerfullyand gladly given by the newspapermen, who were glad to have a chanceto do their bit, yetWhen the Government has a chanceto spend money in publicity, theythrow it to the lithographers andbill-posters, instead of "giving a fairshake" with the newspapers. Is itright? Fair dealing says "No!"IT'S SURPRISINGThat So Many Paris People Tail To, .Recognize Kidney Weakness.Arc you a bad back victim?Suffer twinges; headaches, dizzyspells?Go to bed tired get up tired?It's surprising how few suspect thekidneys..It's surprising how few know whatto do.Kidney trouble needs kidney treatment. Doan's Kidney Pills are for thekidneys only.Have convinced Paris people oftheir merit.Here's a Paris case; Paris testimony. Kidney sufferers hereabouts shouldread it.Mrs. Chas. McCord, S. Pleasant St.,Faris. says: "I have used Doan's. Tri A nr TIJllfi rr A i ffnr'a-n nonooinnaJ-VlUilCV JTlllO Uli. Uiuucui vvo,oxwu,getting them from Oberdorfer's Drug5r" u V, T fnn am Q QnlOlwXW 11U A cv fdid medicine. Whenever my kidneyshave been irregular in action or whenmy back has been weak and lame, Ihave always found that a box or soof Doan's Kidney Pills proves sufficient to cure me of the attack."Price 50c, at all dealers. Don'tsimply ask for a kidney remedy getDoan's Kidney Pills the same thatMrs. McCord had. Foster-MilburnCo., Props., Buffalo, N. Y. (adv)m is 1"GOV." BOWENIN CLOVER."Gov." Bowen, the noted minstrelman, of Winchester, who has asmany good friends in Paris as hasany man in the world, has declinedan offer from the Al. G. Fields Greater Minstrels organization, to gojviththem this and next season, but theburnt-cork artist is making a fistfullqf money on his own account, andwill promote amateur minstrels overthe country under the auspices oflocal organizations. Mr. Bowem hasa splendid equipment of scenery andcostumes, and has had remarkablesuccess in this work. Mr. Bowenwill leave this week to begin hiswinter's work.Pa Ka 1WILL CAN "BUNNIES."The W. H. Dyer Company, operating canning factories in Evansvilleand Owensboro, Ky.,has decided tocan rabbits as a war measure and tohelp reduce the high cast of living.Rabbits have been canned previouslyand Evansville "will be the pioneer inthis field. The country surroundingEvansville will provide an abundanceof rabbits for canning, it is believed.Business men in the Green River territory in Western Kentucky haveagreed to furnish from 50,000 to 60,000 rabbits yearly.UNCLE SAM'S SOLDIERS TO HAVETHANKSGIVING TURKEY.That United States soldiers and! "iilAro TirkTir in cTTriQ orfl Yirk'f r YniooUilUi X.J T All 3r& W Xss Ul U-V if tV AUlOiJtheir Thanksgiving turkey dinner isevidenced, by ah announcement thatpoultry commission men will be givenan opportunity to make bids on 1,000,000 pounds of the birds that willbe required to feed the army at homeand in the Philippines. A consignment of 154,000 pounds of turkey issaid to be already on the way to thesoldiers in Farnce.has three members you should, know if you desire toenjoy life. ' .1. The popular liquid form of Peruna the reliabletonic of the American household, with a long history of success intreating all catarrhaf difficulties.form, which is made, after the sameconvenient for many.lueai mxauve, uy me regular use vwhich constipation may be overcome andnatural action restored. MawBn has noTiabk forrainjjdnrf, but is an aid to natare.Your druggist has all three. So many- t hiHMB&ds have received beaefic frost theuse of one or both these remsdist that theyare a recognized part of tha.eqwipsasot of' careful bowenoM.1VrWORSE THAU ItH)LLITTE.' -. . -(Frankfort State Journal)lVlQ. XCllljr vf. lift ouio s , uyii .1York, a member of the NaQonafWomen's Party, in an audresstosuffragets in Baltimore, is quoted ma Baltimore dispatch as having appealed to suffragists not to lift a finger for the Liberty Loan, declaringthat she would not work for it, although she had served on a committee which toured the country for thefirst Liberty Loan.The dispatch is in part as follows:"I haven't the nerve to ask money,"she said, "for a battle for democracywhen we who demand true democracyare thrown into jails for. doing so."The suffragists present greeted herwith applause and most of them declared they were ready to follow heradvice. ,The State Journal regards such advice as being more disloyal than anything uttered by the LaFollette andGronna crowd.We have not been able to see disgarce or calamity in the enfranchisement of women, but we cannot seeanything admirable or tolerable inthe attitude of women who, becauseof a grievance attempt to interferewith the finanacing of war and thesupplying of American soldiers.Possibly Mrs. Havemeyer is, asChicago papers said of Mayor Thompson, more boob than traitor, which isimerely a short and ugly way of saying that she is insufficiently equippedto consider and discuss the issues ofthe hour, and inclined to let one idearun away with her brains.fe fe fePOSTAGE BATES TO BE INCBEASED UNDEBWAB BILL.While no definite information hasbeen received at the local postoffice, ithas been annuonced in Washingtonfollowing the passage of the war revenue bill, that postage will be materially increased.The interpretation of this bill isthat first-class mail matter, such asletters, etc., will be raised to threecents per ounce instead of two cents,as at present. Therefore the cost ofsending letters under two ounces,heretofore costing two cents, will belaised to three cents, and postalcards will be two cents instead ofone.More definite information is beingawaited at the Paris postoffice. Thebill becomes effective within thirtydays after it is signed by PresidentWilson, which makes the new rateseffective on November 2.183STANDING BEHIND OUB SOLDIEBS"You are undertaking a great duty.The heart of the whole country iswith you. Everything that you dowill be watched with the deepest interest and with the deepest solicitudenot only by those who are near anddear to you but the whole Nation besides, for this great war draws usall together. " From PresidentWilson's address to the soldiers of theNational Army.If the heart of the whole countryis with our soldiers of the NationalArmy, and it is believed that it is, themoney, of the Nation will be back ofthem. The Liberty Loan is to beused to arm, equip and maintain oursoldiers, to prepare them for the conflict in France, and make them effective and powerful as possible, andsafeguard them in every way possible.In addition, it will be used to givethem life and ' indemnity insuranceand provide for their dependents.The uses of the Liberty Loan appealto every patriotic American, for it isused for our soldiers and sailors andthe principles which they uphold,which the heart of the whole countryis with."The foundation of our great country is liberty; its superstructure,peace." William McKinley.mILLITEBACY IN AMEBICA..Winthrope Talbott in the NovemberCentury.)",To offset the lack of solitudeconcerning illiteracy in the North,the Southern States without exception have been bestirring themselvesso successfully that they have reduced the numbers of their illiteratesone-third in the last ten years andhave effected a cut of 50 per cent, intheir percentage of illiteracy duringthe last two decades. Moreover, inKentucky, where the number of illiterates decreased by 60,000 from 1900to 1910, the community, being inspired by the elimination of illiteracy in Rowan county through 'moonlight' schools, has established a StateCommission on Illiteracy, and is benton wiping away the stigma of illiteracy within its borders. Meantimethe sovereign States of Pennsylvania,New Jersey, Rhode Island and Massa chusetts watch with apparent equanimity an increase of the number ofilliterates by scores of thousands inthe short period of the last decade.New York State, where illiterates areso numerous that they would replaceevery living souKin so great a cityas Buffalo, is taking no organizedmeasures even to estimate the immensity of the problem of its illiteracy, much -less officially to instituteadequate extension of schooling toadult illiterates industrially employed. Connecticut is in even more direstraits."- "P"", P"f ""S3A SOLDIEB'S NEEDS.The recruit is about to set off forthe training camp facing the problemof the personal articles of his equipment. Veterans of recent campaignsadvise as a safe rule, "Don't takeanything you can do without." Thelist of practical gifts suggested tothe soldier's friends includes a wristwatch, compass that can be seen atnight, fountain pen, flashlight, unbreakable mirror. Keen Knife; and a.' housewife," which is a sewing kit,not a woman. -Secretary Baker urgesthe men to carry a pair of comfortable shoes as a shift from' the regulation army shoe. Otheiuisef ul articleare talkery,- coin-.' purses,- xtraI supply otX ldUticeifiKattdkerr"-4- srlFrom WashingtonThe Food Administrator Writes Us :"The use of baking powder breads made of corn and other coarse flours instead ofpatent wheat flour is recommended by the Conservation Division of the FoodAdministration. The wheat needed for export is thus conserved, and at the sametime healthful food for our own people is provided. The circulation of recipes providing for these uses would be of assistance in carrying out our plans."The following recipes for Corn Bread and Rye Rolls save wheat flourROYALCORN BREAD1 cups corn mealf. cup flour4 level teaspoons Royal Eating: Powdeg1 tablespoon sugar '1 teaspoon saltV cups milk2 tablespoons shorteningMix thoroughly dry ingredients; add milk and meltedshortening; beat well; pour into well greased panand bake in hot oven about SS minutes,Our red, white and blue booklet " Best War Time Recipes" containing additional similar recipessent free on request. Address Royal Baking Powder Company, Dept. H, 13S William Street New YorkiATTORNEY-GENERAL MORRIS TOBE UNOPPOSED. -Attorney-General Charles H. Morris, nominee on the Democratic ticket,will be elected for the remainder ofthe term to that office- November 6 Straus, President of the America Sowithout opposition. Saturday was ciety for Thrift, in a statement tothe last day on whicty a Republican the members of that organization,could be nominated to get his name i "A subscription to this issue is theon the ballot, and it went by default. I best way to begin a thrifty life."General Morris was appointed to the j Secretary McAdoo is asking for suboffice by Governor Stanley when At-! .scriptions from 10,000,000 Ameritorney M. M. Logan was appointed ! cans. If he is successful in this feahead of the new State Tax Commis-' ture of the loan it will mean thatsion. Mr. Morris was then first assistant. He has been in the officethrough three administrations andwas serving' under his fourth whenpromoted. He has now occupiedevery position in the State's legal department. Under this election Mr.Morris will serve until January 1,1920, and according to precedent willbe eligible to re-election for a fullterm, if he desires it.Pa isa Ea"CASCARETS" TOR ACOLD. BAD BREATHOR SICK HEADACHEBest For Liver and Bowels, For Biliousness. Sour Stomach andConstipation.Get a 10-cent box now.Furred tongue, bad colds, indigestion,fcallow skin and miserableheadaches come from a torpid liverand clogged bowels, which cause yourstomach to become filled with undi-jgested, food, which sours and ferments like garbage in a swill barrel.That's the first step to untold miseryindigestion, foul gases, bad breath,yellow skin, mental fears, everythingthat is horrible and nauseating. ACascaret" to-night will give your constipated bowels a thorough cleansingand straighten you out by morning.They work while you sleep a 10cent box from your druggist will keepjou feeling good for months. Millions of men and women take a Cascaret now and then to keep theirstomach, liver and bowels regulated,and never know a miserable moment.Don't forget the children their littleinsides need a good, gentle cleansing,too. (adv)KNITTING ON THE TRAINTime spent in traveling may beutilized just as effective as that spentin Red Cross workrooms. So one ofthe Denver members proved recentlyon a trip from Denver to the coast.Finding herself in an unaccustomedstate of idleness, and noticing several other women in the car also idle,she got off at one of the stations,made a quick purchase of yarn andknitting needles and, returning to thetrain, proceeded to enlist volunteers.Practically every woman in the Pullman was glad of the opportunity todo worth-while work, and by thetime the train arrived at San Diegothere were a number of new knittedarticles ready to turn over to theRed Cross.t:isriMalcqgiaJov-'-completed , -.C.. ,tMBtiylMUiA0k8&.tfV' '"ittjjr Nalj?v"TiHERE'S a heap of joyin a ton of good coal."Your stove or furnacewon't have much troublefrom' extracting comfortfrom a ton of coal if youbuy it from us. Our rapiddelivery will please you.W. C. DODSONSuthNWnSt.Tht Hm f GndC.-v,s " "-.A Letterand make attractive an$ wholesome food for everyA PLEA FOR COMMUNITY THRIFT-INESS."A Liberty Bond is a diploma in, the school of thrift" declared S. W.thousands of our citizens have for thefirst time in their lives begun the accumulation of something for old ageor the rainy day."Let me appeal especially to theman r woman who has gone alongthus far in life with absolutely nothing laid by. Not only does yourcountry need your help in this matter, but you need it even more. ThisLiberty Loan is going to be a success,for America knows not how to fail,but you will keep on being an individual failure unless you arise to thisopportunity. A Liberty Bond or two. tucked away in a safety deposit vaultjwill bring you more pleasure thantne sameamount invested m anyoiner way. unce a saver always asaver. The person who hasn't enoughmoral stamina to save money for sucha cause as this is pretty apt to be afailure in life. Prove your worth andgive your own future a chance byThe Name Tells a True Storyb wBmB3BSEBBIBSf9'' 4Bys5TKjijsfA 2Superior FeaturesDouble Run Positive Force GrainGrain Feeds.Sow all known seeds, both Jarge and small.Adjustable Disc Wind Shields -Take up wear. Prevent ti ash 'from catching betweendisc and wheel.Both right and left ground wheels drive all the feeds.Conductor Tube Tops permit connection of grass seedspouts so grass seed can be sown in rows.Reducing Pletes for alfalfa, millet, flax, etc.Angle Steel Frame reinforced with I-Beam Steel Bed Rail.Hoppers of Large Carrying CapacityOscillating Drag Bar Heads(Single Disc only) give greatest clearance of trash..Disk Wheel and Sliding Pinion'For change of quantity.Folding Safety LeversTake up least room in storing. "T'Two-Part Axle HangersNot necessary to strip axle in case of accidental breakage.X. S. BALL GARAGECor. Fourth and Pleasant St .Even Sowing. Means Even GrowinjrI'-- 'cday when made witht&&'BAKINGPOWDERRYE ROLLSl cups rye flour "V teaspoon salt w3 level teaspoons P.oyal Baking Powderi cup milky tablespoon shorteningSift dry ingredients together, add milk and meltedshortening. Knead on floured board; shape into rolls.Put into 'greased pans and allow to stand, in waraxplace 20 to 25 minutos. Bake in moderate oven 2Sto 30 minutes,subscribing for this loan. You needit as much as it needs you."m 1 mFarmers are advised to market theirpotatoes gradually this year. On potatoes stored in an approved localwarehouse growers can borrowmoney from any bank connected withthe Federal Reserve system at a raterot to exceed 6 per cent.HOW'S THIS?We offer One Hundred Dollars Reward for any case of Catarrh thatcannot be cured by Hall's CatarrhMedicine.Hall's Catarrh Medicine has beentaken by catarrh sufferers for thepast thirty-five years, and has become known as the most reliableremedy for Catarrh. Hall's CatarrhMedicines acts through the blood onthe mucous surfaces, expelling thepoison from the blood and healing thediseased portions.After you have taken Hall's Catarrh Medicine for a short time youwill see a great improvement in yourgeneral health. Start taking Hall'sCatarrh Medicine at once and get ridof catarrh. Send for testimonials,F. J. CHENEY & CO.,Toledo, Ohio.Sold by all Druggists," 7 5 c.f (adv-oct)m9mmmm9m9mmmmm- -Jf n2 a&. Ji - iSKBkSJrr n w , 2 -fSSBStM'-- "3 JiiftZ- ':rr?:js-yr. y'QLj' ;y ' y'CC's. -kf - . --& -i , V J:-'-, "'??, .- -3 1 ,.. ,'"J ,-X ,?5 .tl -.--, ., i-. . . .: ---.I- - .i-JM-Si?-.N? ."i." '" ,. -"--V"1 'i? .;...'--'' ft'.'-4 -A ' i '.. ' ' 4ERroAY, OOTOBER-ll, HIT? -tj''. x K ."-,7-S" -,THB BOURBON NEWS, PARIS, O,-v ,;iHMHMIIUHHHMMMMHHHIIHHMHHniltWSOCIAL AND PERSONAL.Comings and Goings of OurPeople Here, There andElsewhere.J ''-'llColllile&Co.mzSZfcMoctSemdiful QwiniimOsmmi-.'4-Ccxington, KentuckyYon are Cordially Invitedto attend our "Opening Displaysof theLate Fall and Winter Models122New Coats ';'- JVew DressesNew Suits-f and Allied Garments in Fine Ready-to-WearApparel in the. Newest Correct and Authoritative Styles in all Departments in the Store.The modes for late Autumn and Winter are exceptionally charming, simplicity to . a marked degree expresses the gravity of the times the extreme gives wayto tasteful quietness, and the straight line silhouettecomes into its own in Coats, Suits, Dresses and Skirts.This is the most exceptional presentation of authenticstyles we have ever shown, and offered, at the mostadvantageous prices.Everyone Welcome.I WOLF, WILE CO. !!LEXINGTON, KY.HI I Ml t M M 4 4 44 4 ! itFarms For Sale.I have listed for sale some reallire bargains in Shelby County farmland 50 acres to 710 acres.JOHN P. DAVIS,.(2-t) Shelbyville, Ky.Piano For Sale.A finely - finished mahoganysquare Steinway piano a splendidinstrument for sale at a bargain.Call at residence of Dr. J. T. Brown,on Mam street.(28-tf MISS ELIZABETH BROWN.Taken by Mistake,Left in 1917 model Ford automobile, parked near "Ford. Garage, onBank Row, one tan leather bill book,containing papers of the BourbonOiljk Development Co. Finder willplease return to. office of company,411 main street, Paris. Ky.To Thfe Ptilblic!The merchants of Paris recentlysigned agreements to close theirstores as follows: Grocery stores at.7 p. m. and Saturdays 11 p. m.Other lines of business at 5 p. m., excepting Saturdays. Some of our merchants are doing all they can to liveup to their agreement, while othersfind all kind of excuses to extend, theI time of closing. One of their mains j excuses hag Deen that customers will"i delay their purchases to the last-Xiforfc Irtfi Wan fori minute, and by entering stores at theyvmu uvu it1 am paying fifty cent per hundredfor an kind of scrap iron. Not lewthan 1,000 pounds; This material caabe weighed at any city, scales. This Ito be relivered to the cars on the LouUrille & Nashville .tracks, opposltthe freight depot.Call us over the Cumberland 'phonM7-J.MAX MUNICH,Eighth Street, Parii, Ky.(oct20-lyr)Home Ftr Sale PrivatelyOn account of Mr. Napier's passenger run being changed from Paris toLexington and Cincinnati necessitating a removal to Lexington, I desireto dispose of my residence at the corner of Main and Second streets. InParis, at-private sale. -This is a substantial brick nous,two-stories, has six. large rooms;sleeping porch; two concrete porches;large garden and poultry yard; sideand front yard. It is a tirst-clasthome and will be a bargain for thpurchaser. It isin first-class shaps.An Inspection of the house and premises is invited.MRS. JESSE S. NAPIER,(4-tf) 12S Main Street.it difficult fortheir stores asMrs. Nannie Clarke is a guest ofher sister, Mrs. Patty Lou Kohlass, inWinchester.Mrs. Maria Bedford has returnedfrom a visit to Mr. and Mrs. MattBedford, in Winchester.Mr. and Mrs. Vernon Hicks, ofCalico Rock, Ark., are visiting Mr.and Mrs. T. D. Connor.Miss Corinne Collins was a guestseveral days this week of Mrs. Minerva Goodwin, in Lexington.Mrs." Katherine Davis Craig hasreturned from a visit to Mr. BaileyBerry and family, in Lexington.Mr. and Mrs. A. B. Munsey havereturned to their home in Winchesterafter' a visit to friends in Paris.Mr. and Mrs. Harry Bradley andMiss Mary Bradley have returnedfrom a visit to relatives in Maysville.Mrs. M. R. Jacoby and daughter,Miss Emma Jacoby, of near Hutchison, are guests of relatives in Springfield, Illinois.Mrs. William Talbott is taking aseries of lessons in voice culture frpmthe celebrated instructor, Sig. Mattoli, in Cincinnati.Mr. and Mrs. Robert Harrison,who have been guests of Mr. and Mrs,Walter Clark, returned to their homeat Hot Springs, Va., Tuesday.Messrs. Will Ginn and Ray Link,of near Paris, have gone to Akron,Ohio,, where they have secured positions'in a large munitions factory.Mr. and Mrs. Harry Hatcherhave arrived from Ashland for a visitto the latter's aunt, Miss Nannie Miller, and other relatives in this city.Mrs. Frank Smith, who has beena guest of Mrs. John Hall and Mrs.Thos. Mynes, in this city, has returned to her home in Bullitt county.Mrs. H. Hall and little daughterhave returned to their home inGeorgetown after a visit to Mr. andMrs. Russell Crouch, on Houston Avenue. Mr. and Mrs. Allie Kerns anddaughter, and Mrs. Ambrose Wright,of Carlisle, were recent guests of Mrs.Thomas Herrin, on South Mainstreet.Mr. and Mrs. Anthony Koars andson, who have been guests of Mr. andMrs. Will Shire, for several deys, returned to their home in Cincinnati,Wednesday.Mr. and Mrs. I. L. Price and Mr.and Mrs. Lee Price attended thefuneral of Mrs. Lee Price's uncle, Mr.Herman Baer, in Georgetown, Monday afternoon.Rev. John; J. Dickey has returned from Flemingsburg, and will leaveto-day for Maysville, where he willtake up his duties as pastor of theEast Maysville Methodist church.Mr. Newton Smith and sister,Miss Emma Smith, have returnedfrom Whltesburg, Ky., where theyrepresented the Paris lodge at theState meeting of the Order of EasternStar.Maysville Independent: "Mi's. J.C. Reynolds and charming littledaughter, Bernice, of Paris, are visiting the former's parents, Mr. andMrs. F. M. Smith, of East Secondstreet."Mr. and Mrs. Wm. Bryan had asquests recently Mr. and Mrs. J. H.Earkley, Mr. Robert Barkley and Mr.Lee Lincoln, of San Diego, Cali., andMr. and Mrs. J. T. Crouch, of thecounty.s-Winchester Sun: "Mrs.. M. V.Holly and son, Henry Holly, haveleased rooms on Magnolia street,where they will move from Paris ....Mr. Weaver Talbott has returned toLivingston, after a. visit to friendshere."(Other Personals on Page 5.)ir!grfLOOKS t.ttht, ERANKFORT-SiEEL-BYVILLEIINE SURE.rVHTaTArJThe beat time to plant fruitand shade trees, blooming shrubs,rhubarb, asparagus,' gritoevmes,rosea, peonies, perennials, etc.,is in the FALL. Gt .our largeiUuteicagQfMejyinfor your Orcnard, Lawn or Garde. Fliie J$osk irown any-I nlsMsfttfl. Vauh tyi1tamerchants to closeagreed upon.The Merchants Protective Association of. Bourbon County at its lastmeeting directed by an unanimousvote that the undersigned make anurgent appeal to the public to kindlyassist the merchants by making alltheir purchases so as not to conflictwith this closing arrangement.There must be reason in allthings. A business or householdconducted without order and systemcannot bring complete success. Remember success does not mean moneyalone but also means "Happiness,Harmony and Good Health."The mechanic and ordinary daylaborer-will not work over 10 or 8hours per day. This you will agreeis exactly right. But why" thenshould we expect a merchant towork from 6 a. m. to 10 or even 12p. m., 'or' -from 12 to 18 hours perday?The merchant desires good healthand wants to live as long as others.He wants to enjoy the company ofhis wife and children at eveningduring the wek as well as only onSundays. Two hours extra rest eachday means all this for him and betterservice for you on the next day. Nodoubt you believe thTs is right andare willIngT-to-grant nfm and hisclerks and porters this necessaryrest. Then why not help him to liveuptohis:pledgiand make your purjchasesaccordingly? To those merchants who have sofar failed to close their stores asj promptly as Jthey -agreed, we. .appealas (your own welfare, tfetms stand together and work like one, man."To those mercnants wno so iarhave Jailed to fall in line, on theclosing Agreement, we -extend anearnest appeal to "Come and work to-gether with us for a common cause,"andLto theDublic we aPPl for theirAmcouraceateat andcbrdaeratiott in. . . r - " r.i'r .-- itnis movemi.ccusc wrnjcnevoMv,The contract to construct theFrankfort-Shelbyville, interurban lineand the sureties to guarantee theright-of-way and depot site in Frankfort have been signed by Construction Engineer P. C. Phillip' and theFrankfort and Shelbyville RealtyCompany. The work of constructionis to begin not later than March. 1,and to continue without interruptionuntil the road is completed, with theprovision in the contract that theline shall be in operation two yearsfrom January 1, 1918. This willclose up the gap between Lexingtonand Louisville, and give an uninterrupted communication via tractionservice to Louisville from Lexington.Jgi Jj )dSHALL WE CUT OUT SLANG'?-tyYEAR after year the Paige has progressed inits efforts to build into its cars the greatestpossible quality and value.The Linwood "Six'39 " a five-passenger touring car,is a supreme example of this policy represent- .ing a great stride toward the goaf of ultimatevalues.When you buy a Linwood "Six-39" each of your -dollarspurchases more motoring than it couldever-have commanded before.Embodying the mechanical excellence that hasmade Paige popularity enduring, it combineswith that virtue a distinctive design wellworthy of the phrase "The Mont BeautifulCar in America."The Linwood "Six739" 5-passenger, $1330Essex "Six-55" 7-passenger $1775; Coupe "Six-55" 4-passenger $2850; TownCar "Six-55" 7-passenger $3230; Limousine "Six-55" 7-passenger $3230; Sedan"Six-55," , 7-passenger $250 ; Brooklands 4-passenger $ 1795- Gleridale 4,Six-39" " -ChummyRoadster$1530; Dartmoor "Six-39" 2 or 3-passcnger $1330; Sedan"Six-39 5:passengei' $1925. All Prices f. o. b. De'troit.PaigeDetroit Motor Gar Company, 'Detroit, Michiganr. P. WHITE'. With DidccrBotxATDouBl&aGarBe,4tll CLx&d High Sts. IriH-- V ".. 8B5RVICR aTPiLflON4Vi3&PUBLIC CO-OPERATING WITH THERAILROADS.Reports just compiled for theRailroads' War Board indicate thatthe traveling public in general -andthe shippers in particular, are givingthe finest kind of co-operation to therailroads in the handling of the .increased traffic, that the war has produced. What this co-operation meansmay be gleaned front these facts.Since May 1st the railroads aided bythe loyalty and understanding of thepublic have been able Jo reduce theirpassenger service by approximately250,000,000 miles. This has releasedthousands of- train crews and locomotives for use in the freight serviceand cleared thousands of miles oftrack, thereby facilitating the movement of coal; food products and supplies needed by the government. Inaddition to the foregoing saving ofequipment and trackage the shippers, big ajjd small, have rallied sosplendidly Jo the slogan. "Make OneCar JDo the Work of Two" that asaving of close to half a millionfreight cars has been accomplished.This saving of freight cars has enabled the railroads to move approximately 12 5 per cent, more freightsince war was declared than duringthe same period last year. rThe Bourbon Laundry. DWIS & FUNK, Props.Telephone No. 4.West 5 StareSatisfaction is 0rWitchworJWith all the latest, improvements in laundryappliances and expert.helpers we are preparedto do work inferior torhone, and solicit yourpatronage.Bourbon Laundry,Paris" Kentucky. ...rnrf'.p.,Eminent and learned grey beardsthrown up their hands in horror atthe thought of a. universal use ofslang. Then, along comes EranderJ"Matthews, Professor of English andother things, saying that one dayslang will be incorporated in the dictionary along with such high-priced,dignified words as dodecahedron andcphalolgia. "For our part we willstick to slang rather than endanger,our jaw-bones with fivercylinderedchatter like the foregoing; r ABut we've got to hand it to Getf.,Ade for heing the first literanteur;(what ever-that means) to give-slang;its real innings in the Englishlanguage.. He was the first writer rotnote to recognize in slang an opportunity to show up our little weak-nesses and we -have been strong for"him 'ever since.George Ade's Fables in Slang ap-cpear exclusively In Cosmopolitan. -la;the October number he his five brandinew Fables that will give" you enough?material for embellishing your cdiiKversation to last you several monttis.Anil t QTiVniiA nY.ita?t.n vnur Use'of sliang,rrfrxthem! to Brander Miit$thews and George. Ade; i - . atyttiam.1 jRE AL"JtrtVECONOMYMestiis Buy Your Winter Supflyof WeeessaryGtotMng NdwWhen the time cornet f or. ut to replenish our stockprices will be greatly advanced. Present- prices r JonMen's and Boys Suits, Orercbats, Underwear, Shoes,Etc., are very reasonable at our store.v'iSK)a j .i!sii n -(LET US; f MJU iSmE IgSjgsirl-,fcS&iJi1--. -': : .- .-w.f, .v - v . z..- J' ' s -yj 1; . -fjtyrt' i "A. - f1'- .viVI.-'imvvins2:-3'wtmet ;-c-.s.. .'Jf-n -,"c ita&iMei! :iw?jput?lW n WFRRD.WCKB8SER,-Chairo.Tkat;mutJ not lupnziJiii .c-TWM . 0RAH4Wi aerttrj!t Trjnw; tliw eyr viMl gHBPBPjM'RjtKr.Pfwriworn protcUoB or55 v tiTr ---t fc33fckfiuSJf a- & b'jl-E-i' A. w.- -"r3S.JCMGHG.;-v'teg7r-i-"i-Bl - -j,--"WWSfcM-.'BontfcoA Count, f. rr seta nor nn- m ntff"Mim JMJKftV ir?te'isQL r ---ffiay ""--.vTHE DOURBON.ifEWS, PARIS,KT-toon fobFRIDAY, OCTOBM 12, 1117- 1t'4'. ?- vTHE BOURBON NEWSestablished' 188136 Years of ConUnions Publication.r Published Every Tuesday and Friday.Per Year. ..$2.00 Six Months... $1.00Payable in Advance.- r tWIFT CHAMP, Editor and Owner,4? (Entered at the Paris, Kentucky,Poetoffice as Mail Matter of theSecond Class.)BOURBON FABM CONDITIONS.Several killing frosts have struckthis section of the State this week,being the heaviest that has fallen,here this fall. The frost has had atelling effect on all vegetation, latecorn and vegetables, all beingblasted by the icy visitor.Tobacco growers who failed tolake advantage of the fair weatherto get their tobacco 'housed willsuffer a considerable loss, as all tobacco exposed, was bound to bedamaged by the frost. Few crops inthis county, however, were caughtout in the cold, as during the pasttwo weeks all the growers have beenvery busy getting the weed undercover and out of reach of the frost.The work of planting wheat andrye and barley is going steadily forward, and the barley is all aboutplanted, and just as the ground is being cleared it is being prepared forfurther planting. All available?pace is being given to wheat.Watermelons and canteloupes wereplentiful on the local market thepast week and were extra good.Roasting ears were being sold attwenty-five to thirty cents per dozen,and tomatoes at $1.50 per bushel,and not very plentiful at that.Household management took the formof catsup making and pickling andlarge quantities of fruits and vege, tables were "put tip."I The dairy situation is distressing.Grass has been dry and short all' summer and stock water in someparts of the county has been very.bcarce. Milk, butter,' buttermilk! and cream have been hard to' get.Poultry and eggs continue very, bcare and high.I The stock shortage has causedsome-anxiety and to replace the losssome very excellent cattle, hogs andsheep have been imported from theWest. Sheep raising will receive)an impetus, not only because itcosts less to feed them than anyother stock, and there is a demandfor the meat at extra prices, butalso because wool of any grades canQnd a ready market at high valuation. Winter vegetables, turnips, parsnips, salsify, celery, etc., the maturing rapidly, and will soon be onthe market.m m mRAILROADS ARE PERIORMINGA DIFFICULT TASK.Approximately 2,500 cai loads offood and other necessities are beingdelivered daily by the railroads at thecantonments where the NationalArmy and National Guards are being trained for service abroad, according to reports just received bythe Railroads' War Board. Accuratefigures as to the extent to which thesupplying of food and necessities forthe soldiers at the training campswill intensify the transportationproblem will not be available untilall of the camps have received theirfull quota. The task which the railroads have been asked to perform,however, is a difficult one; it involvesthe supplying of all the necessities oflife for sixteen non-productive citiesof a population of 40,000 each andfifty-six smaller cities ranging inpopulation from 300 to 3,000. Altogether more than a million men gathered at the various cantonments musthave their daily necessities broughtto them by the railroads. As it takesat least five pounds of food per dayfor each soldier, in addition to thefood, clothing, fuel and other supplies that are constantly needed, therailroads have their work cut out forthem.In a big factory near Pittsburgsixty women and girls are helpingto build artillery cars for use on theFrench front.DISPERSAL SALEAn OrdinanceAN ORDINANCE SUBMITTING TOTHE VOTERS OF THE CITY OFPARIS, KENTUCKY. THE QUESTION OF A BOND 'ISSUE OF$20,000.00 TO CONSTRUCT ASEWER EXTENDING FROM ST0NER AVENUE THROUGH THEEASTERN PORTION OF THECITY TO OR NEAR TWENTIETHSTREET AND SOUTH MAINSTREET.OESaddle and Harness Horsesf . TO BE HELD ATTHE E. K. THOMAS FARMNear North Middetown, Ky.Thursday, Oct. 25, 1197AT 11:30 O'CLOCK SHARPThese are standard bred and all up-to-date in breeding, andare the get of the great sires Bourbon King, Lochinvar, Chester- Dare and other great sires.Everything will be sold without any reserve whatever.Write Frank Remington, Paris, Ky., for catalogue.Geo. D. Speakes, Auctioneer.(td)CITY HALL, PARIS, KY.,October 11, 1917.Be it enacted by the Mayor andBoard of Council of the City of Paristhat an election be, and the same ishereby, called and ordered to be heldon the 6th day of November, 1917,being the regular election day, andthat at said election there be submitted to the qualified electors of theCity of Paris, the following proposition: "Are you in favor of issuing bondsin the sum of $20,000.00 to be paidby levies from time to time to meetthe bonds and interest thereon forpurpose of constructing a sewer beginning at Stoner Avenue and running through the eastern part of thecity to Twentieth Street and SouthMain Street?"It is further ordered that saidbonds, if authorized to be issued,shall mature at intervals to be hereafter determined, but none of saidbonds are to mature at a later datethan 20 years after the date of issue,and that there shall be raised annually by taxation for said purpose thefum of $2,000.00, or such part thereof as may be necessary for an interest and sinking fund for the purposeof paying the interest on said bondsand redeeming said bonds at theirmaturity. Said bonds shall be issuedproviding for the payment of interest thereon at the rate of not morethan 5 per annum.At the election herein ordered thequalified voters of the City of Paris,Kentucky, shall have the right tovote, and a tax proposed to be leviedfor the purpose aforesaid shall belevied upon all property in the Cityof Paris subject to levy for generalpurposes.The City Clerk shall giveyiotice ofthe election above provided for,, bypublishing a notice thereof in a newspaper having a general circulation inthe City of Paris, Kentucky, for atleast two weeks prior to said elec-,tion. Said notice shall specify the'amount of indebtedness proposed tobe incurred and the purpose of thesame and the amount necessary to beraised annually by taxation, fqraninterest and sinking fund as abbveset out.The City Clerk will furnish to theClerk of Bourbon County a certifiedcopy of this ordinance and he willlikewise furnish to the Sheriff ofBourbon County a copy of this ordinance within ten days after its passage, and said Clerk and Sheriff aredirected to do and to perform everything required by law in conductingsaid election and in the preservationof the,returns and the canvassing andcertification of the vote.It is further directed that theBoard of Election Commissioners ofBourbon County shall canvass the returns of said election and certify theresults, and they will deliver a copyof the certification to the Board ofCouncil of the City of Paris.J.'T. HINTON, Mayor.Attest:J. W. HAYDEN, Clerk.MipPPPPPPiPPupon the first days of May and No-iir...r..i,..TPfM ..,AmliaK rtf nanVi vMr Until thp TRV- JL ----- . fffICUlUCi Wi i j wwi , uv w xrj tmtment of the principal thereof; bothprincipal and interest shall be payable in gold coin of the United Statesof America of the present standardweight and fineness at the Bank ofAmerica in the City of New York;aid bonds shall be signed by thej Mayor, countersigned by the Clerk ofthe City; tne seal or tne uity amxeaand the coupons may bear the facsimile signature of said Clerk."SECTION II: This ordinance shallbe in effect from and after its passageand publication.J. T. HINTON, Mayor,attest:J.' W. HAYDEN, Clerk.GOOD ROADS DAY, OCT 14.One among the many meritoriousmovements made by Governor A. O.Stanley was his proclamation issuedto the people of Kentucky, underdate of September 20, naming Sunday, October '14, as Goods RoadsDay."The present conditions render,the construction and maintenance ofpublic highways necessary alike toour domestic prosperity tand Nationaldefense, and it is of prime importance that popular attention be called to the wisdom of a concerted andorganized effort to extend our system of public roads to co-ordinatethem with intestate thoroughfaresand. to preserve them by capable andscientific management in the . highest attainable state of efficiency."In an earnest endeavor to bringthe importance of good roads beforethe people of Kentucky to a greaterextent than heretofore, the StateHighway Department is mailing hundreds of copies of the Governor'sproclamation, reaching all localities,particular effort being made to reachevery minister in the Commonwealthrequesting them to appeal to theircongregations, on the above date,asking every one to take greater interest in this great highway work!which will tend toward bettermentin all lines of legitimate endeavor.Ministers, especially those in thecounties through which Boone Wayis routed, are requested to write outthat portion of their sermons bearing on the highway subjects, and tosend a copy of same to Jim Maret,(The Boone Way Man), 11 Prat.Bldg., Winchester, Kentucky. Thesepapers will prove mighty interestingreading, a number of which it is proposed to publish.II The Latest ModesThe Courier-Journal says a lot ofcausal readers mistake the head-line"Deficency Bill' as referring to BillStone, of Missouri.m hmBob LaFollette is the Judas Iscariot of the United States Senate.FRANK & CO,The Reliable StoreANNOUNCETHEY ARE NOW SHOWINGpjINFall and WinterReady-to-Wear GarmentsFor Ladies, Misses and ChildrenSerge and Satin DressesSuits For Ladies andiissesCoats For Ladies, Misses and ChildrenSkirts of All KindsCrepe and Georgette WaistsFOR. SCHOOL GIRLS" SEEJACK TAR MIDDIESNEW GINGHAM DRESSESPRICES REASONABLECOME IN AND SEEiFRANK C& CO.iiniimiiintiiiiM,..M.,..TftVPublic Sale of Real EstateThursday, Oct. 18, 1917,AT 3 P.M.We will sell to the highest bidder the following described propertybelonging to the estate of the late Dr. George S. Varden, deceased. Thefcale will begin with No. 1, on the premises, on High Street, where Nos 1to 8 inclusive, will be sold. . Then Nc. 9 will be sold in front of residencewhere located, as also Nos. 10 and 11.3fo. 1 The residence now occupied by Geo. S. Varden, located on HighStreet, and containing 8 rooms, with front and back porch closets, etc. Piped for gas and a hydrant in the yard The lotfronts 66 2-3 feet on High Street and runs back between parallellines 200 feet. vJib. 2 Five room frame cottage with all modern conveniences, and adjoins No. 1. The lot it 66.66x200. This is an unusually desirable little home.1U. 3 Is a four room rent cottage on Sycamore Street on lot 50x195Xo. 4 Four room frame cottage adjoining No. 3. Lot 47x195Xt. -5 Is a duplicate of No. 4 on Sycamore Street. Lot 43x195Ho. 6A. four-room fram adjoining No. 5. Lot 44x195.Ho. 7 Is a, vacant lot adjoining No. 3,. Size 40x195.Jfo. 8 Two rent houses corner of Sycamore and Short Streets, frontins-91 feet on Sycamore and 60 feet on Short.lfo. 9 Islft'double two-story residence "on Main Street, opposite theCatholic Church. Each apartment contains six .rooms and aresteady renters atN$18 per month. Lot 71x117.X. 10 Is a six room frame residence containing six rooms besides a bathroom, pantries, porches, etc. Rents for $16.65 per month Th1 VAn Kam r a 4-v . a a. a . A fiMMAl Xl -k . Nluwuuu 10 ,i me wmer oi wwm ana i'leasant Streets36x110. . .f . 11 Is duplicate of No. 10 and adjoins. Rents for lie 65month.3h. It Vacant lot 56x70 located on the West side of West Street"X: 13 Vacant lot on corner of Marshall and Hanson Streets. Sizefeet 7 inches hv 19 ft DlzeTllllS-One-third cash; balance in in two equal installments, due one. and two years after date, respectively, with interest at 6 Dr ceatper anaum, payable semiannually, fromjdate until paid. Deferred payments to be evide&ccd bv nntm una J,,.. c ii- z ,injuimnce. . Failure to W laterwt or either jwtewhei due-? to.. iSusazAiarj.r" w "j ,,w., v v m. v-w wvmwi.An OrdinanceTO AMEND AN.ORDINANCE-PASSEDJULY14ri9l7rC0NCEININa; AND PROVIDING FOR THE ISSUANCE OF BONDS OF THE CITYOF-PARIS. KENTUCKY. IN THESUM OF $46,000.00.o(0Pt7 &Im ViI mtiBtat-mmwwm7nro-e..rnWHEN YOUBUY A as,.Lotper68" .. m AT. "? . 4- r ;. r'-O''Jtr?- w'.fe-. mmmtmmmmM.w?.'jl:Vtsr.-COMPANY-i .Wife the Wfll Aaaoa ot Br, Cfeom Yalta, TtinmuiLFCITY HALL, PARIS, KY.,October 11, 1917.BE IT ORDAINED BY THE BOARDOF COUNCIL OF THE CITY OFPARIS, KENTUCKY, That Section1 of an ordinance passed by thisCouncil upon the 14th day of June,1917, entitled, "An Ordinance Concerning and Providing For the Issuance of Bonds of the City of Paris inLhe Sum of $46,000.0j)," etc., be andthe same is hereby amended so as toread as follows:-"SECTION 1: That the Mayor ishereby authorized and directed tocause to be prepared bonds of theCity of Paris, Kentucky, in the sumof $46,000.00; said bonds to be ofthe denomination of $500.00 "each;to be dated July 1, 1917, 'and numbered consecutively from one to ninety-twoand to mature as follows:$2,500.00 November 1, 1919.$2,500.00 November 1, 1920.$2,500.00 November 1, 1921.$2,500.00 November 1, 1922. T$2,500.00 November 1, 1923. "$2,500.00 November 1, 1924.$2,500.00 November 1, 1925.$2,500.00 November 1, 1&26.- $2,500.00 November 1, 1927.$2,500.00 November 1, 1928.$2,500.00 November 1, 1929.$2,500.00 November 1,1930.- $2:500.01) November liSl.$00.00 -November li;'$2500.l!feylr'li:'cf;r:KV2:M0:tfeNopw ". . i -. - -. -. ' .. -fppjWTfb'844 bonds shalthe rmU et tv flr Annum, payablet-j .mm r 1Urarl!intewet) r fcwtf.seati-anntMllfO3aa LIBERTY LOAN BONDBuy a Liberty Bond-Liberty is the foundation of our United States. To preservej that Liberty we are today at war.- You cannot be neutral. You must be either FOR or'. AGAINST the United States. You are FOR this country;show your patriotism; show it in a practical way bv BUYING "A LIBERTY BOND NOW.$50 $100 ... $500 $1,000OR MORE ULThey pay 4 per cnt interest and are the best security in theworld. Everyman, woman and child ought to buy one ormore of these Bonds. "Come.in--you can buy a Bond on easy, payments."2rt'ri rn antntttttmmi. HBim - v- .-r--- - - --- - -ttnikrm -- -:. .wkvwkmmkwmw9kwkwkwwwwmB9mkwmmmmmmmZ-mT V -- J5c,TTi2?m ''"ri?"', T-i; M. art' TJfe ra :P9BBV -m v- alBM.'lBE 1.v.- J- JS ' t '" - .5-cJ: ' V . r r1: f' MiitPPMMO2VFRIDAY, OCTOBER 12, 1917.THE BOURBON NBWg, PAWS, KY.4r act maSOCIAL AND PERSONAL.t4&0&&wrk)FOR THE BESTNOTHING ELSEf!OR SALE,Choice reclcanedSeed Wheat, Rye andBarley; also TimothySeed, Get our pricesbefore buying.R. B, HUTCHCRAFT & CO.(oct2-6t)14 14 1BE ON HAND.Be on hand at the auction sale ofthe Anderson property, on Mainstreet, occupied by Albert Anthon, at2:30 o'clock Saturday afternoon, Oct.13. If you are interested in a goodcuilding site," be sure and be on handat this sale.Us lei 14 "SERV-TJS STEEL-CUT COFFEE.If you find it hard to get a satisfactory coffee order Serv-Us SteelCut in 1 lb. or 3 lb. cans. Sold bygood grocers in every town in Central Kentucky at 30 cents perpound. (It)ISt 13 1E1CALLED MEETING OF BUSINESSMEN'S CLUB.The Business Men's Club of Bourcon County will meet at the courthouse Saturday afternoon at 2:30.Vhere will be with us a speaker fromLexington, who will speak on theSecond Liberty Loan. A goodcrowd is expected.? 153RED CROSS MEETING.All members of the Paris Chaptertif the American Red Cross Societyare requested to meet at the courthouse in the sewing room, to-mor-:ow(Saturday) afternoon, at 2:30o'clock for the purpose of electingofficers for the coming year and forthe transaction of other importantbusiness.14 14 toCOMFORT BAGS FOR SOLDIERS.Members of the local W. C. T. U.r-eld a meeting Monday afternoon atthe home of Mrs. Wm. Myall, onMain street, and decided to send a"comfort bag" to each Bourbon boywho is at the cantonment at CampZachary Taylor, near Louisville.They also decided to make armyshirts for the boys. The Union madea contribution to fund for purchasingblankets for the use of nurses whowill go from Bourbon county toTrance with the Dr. Barrow BaseUnit from Lexington.fe Si felong time;It may be a very long time beforeyou can again buy Neponset Linoleum for 59 cents per yard; so bringin your measure. To-day and tomorrow the last days.THE J. T. HINTON CO.p. r. r.Feld's for Pall Fashionable Footwear,(oct5-tf)14 14 14SPECIAL FOR ONE WEEK.For one week only we will cleanlarge white fur sets for $1.50, anddark colored furs for $1.00.ELECTRIC DRY CLEANING CO.(5-tf)POSTALRATES TONOV. 2.BE RAISEDPostmaster J. Walter Payne asksTHH NEWS to state that on and after the second day of November, thePostoffice Department will requiremore postage to be paid on mailmatter. A let'ter heretofore goingfor two cents must then bear threecents postage. Postal cards, insteadcf one cent must have two cents postage. Letters mailed in Paris or whatare known as "drop letters," mustbear two cents postage instead of onecent.This raise in price is caused, ofcourse, by the enormous expensethe Government has been put to byreason of the war. The appropriations at Washington are not nowmeasured by thousands, but by billions of dollars. Everybody musthelp the Government, to pay the additional postage cheerfully and donot quibble.SERV-US FOODS BEST CONSERVATION PRODUCTS.Along with the second LibertyBond drive comes the desire to conLerve the food of the nation andlower the cost of living. You cando this by using Serv-Us Pure Foodproducts. ' (It)CLUB MEETINGS.Mrs. Amos Turney, president, presided Wednesday afternoon at thejneeting of the Progressive CultureClub. The""program consisted of fhtereesting 5-minute talks on famousportrait'. -- follows: "Mona Lisa"(.Da Vinci) , Miss . Orr; BeatriceCenci," (Guido Reni), Miss GraceHargis; "Titan's Daughter," Mrs.Walker; "Girl In Straw Hat," (Reubens), Miss Wyatt.Mrs. W. O. Hinton presided at thei fgular meeting of the Paris LiteraryClub, held the same afternoon, at theresidence of the Misses Williams.Two papers bearing on the subjectchosen for the year's study, "Canadaand Alaska," as follows, were read, asintroducing the subject to the clubmembers: "Geographic and HistoricSurvey of Canada,", by Mrs. ThomasHuy Clay, Jr.; amd "Early Heroes'by-Jtrs. cCkarltoiiJLlexamier. Therfmb'il qAfttufclprte ice COfl"-ckt:et!lttrffcM'tor t nurmm VboyrM j Mi Bourbonomings and Goings of OurPeople Here, There andElsewhere.Miss Carolyn Roseberry is aguest of Mrs. Minerva Goodwin, inLexington.Messrs. Charles McMillan, Geo.Ivriener and Swift Champe are sojourning at West Baden Springs.Miss Mary Adams Talbott, ofParis, has been pledged as a member of the Chi Omega Fraternitythe girls society at State University. Miss Mary' Curry, who has beenvisiting relatives here for the pastmonth, returned yesterday to herhome in Carlisle, much improved inhealth.Mrs. Curtis Smith, who has beena guest of Mrs. W. M. Renick andMrs. Duncan Bell, following a visitto relatives in Winchester, returnedio her home in Dallas, Texas, Wednesday. Miss Nell Dempsey, of Gainesville, Florida, who has been a guestof Mrs. George Kohlass, in Winchester for several days, has arrivedhere for a visit to her aunt, Mrs.James McClure.Mrs. W. L. Davis has concludeda very pleasant visit to relatives inLouisville and Danville, and willcome to Paris to-day for a furthervisit to her sister, Mrs. John T. Hinton, and Mayor Hinton, before returning to her home in Columbia,S. C.The Art Club will meet to-morrow(Saturday) afternoon, at 2:30o'clock at the home of Mrs. Frank P.Lowry, on Stoner avenue. Roll-callwill be answered by an art-newsitem. Miss Elizabeth Grimes will bea guest of the Club, and will furnish them the program.RELIGIOUS.Mrs. C. M. Clay has returnedfrom a delightful month's visit to herson, Mr. John Harris Clay, at Amherst, Mass., where he is atendingrchool. While there Mrs. Clay madea number of side trips to joints ofinterest in the vicinity.A number of friends gathered atthe home of Mr. and Mrs. P. J. McCord. A large variety of useful andParis, Wednesday morning, and gavea miscellaneous shower to the newlyweds, Mr. and Mrs. Elmer C. Mc-Cord. A large varity of useful andornamental presents were included inthe "shower."John Doty, Judge E. B. January,Wm. Lail, Dr. Frank M. Faries, Geo.Rose and Roy Clendenin returnedyesterday from Middlesboro, wherethey attended the meeting of theGrand Lodge of Odd Fellows as dele-ates from Bourbon Lodge. Theyreport a cordial reception and aroyal good time.At the meeting of the EighthDistrict Woman's Clubs, held inBerea recently, Mrs. Frank P. Lowry,of Paris, Chairman of the Art Committee of .the State Federation otWoman's Clubs, addressed the meeting on the subject or art ana me importance of preserving the art portraits and historical relics or tneState.Carlisle Mercury: "Mr. and.Mrs. James Connelly, Mr. and Mrs.G. B. Kay. of Paris, Mrs". FrankHughes',, of Lexington, and Mr. andMrs. E. D. Goodwin, of PoplarPlains, visited their parents herelast week, also to see their brother,Owen, who left Saturday for CampTaylor Farris Brothers, of Paris,--.as in town Tuesday. . .Miss LucuieBurnaw visited her sister, Mrs. Curtis Henry, in Paris, the first of theweek."Mr. and Mrs. J. P. Jones entertained at their county home, "ThePines." near Paris, in honor of theirsister, Miss Lena Mae Jones, of Winchester. The evening, was enjoyed dall present. A delightful lunch wasserved, and a pleasing musical program rendered. The guests wereMisses Corinne Smart, Cordelia Oder,Sarah Lail, Frances Cantrill, Maryand Elsie Allen, Blanche Stivers;flenrere Cantrill. Homer KenneyBenHouston, Monroe Leer, Dan W. Peed,Jr., Harry Jones; Mr. ana iurb.David Anderson.-(Other Personals on Page 3)LAND BUYERS BUSY.Mr. Eward F. Simms, of Houston,rYas. and Paris, purchased thisweek of Mr. Ben Woodford, Sr 150acres of land located near Spears Millat- a nrivate price. This land will beadded to Mr. Simms beautiful country estate, "Xalapa Farm," wnicnnow contains a little over twothousand acres.Auctioneer George D. Speakes, orParis, sold the Jos. Coons farm, of186 acres, located in NicholasCounty, to Mr. Wm. L. Bramblette, ofCarlisle, for $95.50 per acre.I00D ADMINISTRATOR ADDESSESiBOUKBUJN WUALttA.Mr. F. M. Sackett, of Louisville,Food Administrator for the State ofKentucky, addressed a far-sized audience in the court house yesterdaymorning at ten o'clock on the conservation of food. Mr. Sackett is tour-lug the Blue Grass section and -spokeyesterday in iNicnoiasvine, -ucaiub-tonand Paris.The Endeavor Society of thePresbyterian church will meet Sunday evening at 6:30. "The subjectwill be: "What Is Committed toYou?" Leader, Miss Eleanor Lytle.The Ladies' Missionary Societyof the Presbyterian church will meetat the residence of Mrs. Newton"Mitchell, on Duncan avenue, at 2:30o'clock Monday afternoon.St. Peter's Episcopal church,Rev. Geo. H. Harris, rector; Sundayschool at 9:30 a. m. Sunday; HolyCommunion and services at 10:45 a.m. An important meeting of thevestry will be held after the morningservices.The revival meeting at the Mt.Sterling Christian church continuesin interest and attendance under thepreaching bf Rev. Mark Collis, ofLexington. The singing under thedirection of Mr. A. L. Boatright, ofParis, is a striking feature of themeeting.A series of revival meetings willbegin at the North Middletown Christian church, on Sunday, Oct. 21.Rev. Frank M. Tinder, the new pastor, will preach, and a trained choir,directed by Mr. A. L. Boatright, ofParis, will render the music.Regular services by the Presbyterian congregation at the courthouse Sunday morning, by the paston, Rev. ,J. J. Rice. The" subject ofsermon will be "The Grading of Providence." No services at night on account of dedication of church atNicholasville.Installation services will be heldat the Carlisle Presbyterian churchnext Sunday morning, when the pastor, Rev. Stephen B. Lander, willpreach his first sermon. Thecharge to the public will be madeby Rev. J. J. Rice, of the Paris Presbyterian church, and the charge tothe pastor will be made by Rev.White, of the Maysville church.fm to toERESH BAKED BREAD.Ahearn & Burton have just completed the installation of an up-to-datemodern bakery, in charge of askilled workman at their restaurant,corner of Pleasant and Tenthstreets. All kinds of table delicaciesin bread, cakes, etc., served and onsale at all times.(It) AHERN & BURTON.MODERN WOODMEN.There will be a regular meetingof Camp No. 11330, Modern Woodmen of America at the regular meeting place (K. of P. Hall) at 7:30o'clock to-night (Friday.) All members are requested to be present, asbusiness'of the greatest importanceis to considered.H. C. HENSON, Clerk.SIR. ' HARRISON REMEMBEREDWITH SOLDIER'S MIRROR.Mr. Y. H. Harrison, of Paris, nowa member of the 326th Field Artillery at "Ft. Zachary Taylor, was presented by the Board of Directors ofthe Bourbon County Y. M. C. A. witha soldier's French steel pocket mirlor, in recognition of his great interest in the local institution.. The mirror, which is highly polished, and appropriately engraved, is3x5 inches in dimensions, and isdesigned especially to fit in thesoldier's blouse pocket.nrnowCMIDQNLAMPS9H THEJUNKMJSk.msmMmMATO BAKE OR NOT TO BAKE.'Don't worry! Take your troubleto Ahearn' & Burton and let themsupply you with bread, rolls, cakesanything their dandy new bakerytUat)Ut AHERN & BURTON.v- 'y mi mWINCHESTER ADVOCATES MUNICIPAL OWNERSHIP?The City Council of Winchesterwent on record recently as favoringmunicipal ownership of the witerworks, and Dlefeed its influence incompliance with the vote ot.the peo-ipie, wlicM- was six so ome aj iitJPiik?: 'Tkl actio kUteelfTeJeete&J&watrwtrxsuoaiMW7 umk u-wm-m Bourbon couaty to1cii call an eloctfono the tMHProXMb. tk Dr. Barrow Hospital another twoaty-fTe-year framelrio toECONOMIZE l-You cannot afford to use carbon electric lamps, when theyconsume three "times the currentfor the same light- even thoughfree.' "USEMAZDATUNGSTENLAMPS10, 15, 25 and 40-Watt 27c60-Watt 36c75-Watt Nitrogen . fFilled.., ;65c100-Watt Nitrogen iFilled S1.QOADVANCE FALL APPARELCoatsDressesSuitsWaistsMillineryNOW DISPLAYING A COMPLETE LINE OF THENEWEST FALL HATS"smartest styles of Silk Plush, Velour,Zibeline Plush and Velvet.Autumn SuitsIn Velour, BroadclothBurilla and Poplins, displaying the"smartest of style features. Most moderately priced -$20.00 to $75.00Autumn CoatsPlush, Silk Velour, Burilla and Broadcloth, in the fashion'slatest decree as to style and color -$10.00 to $75.00Autumn DressesIn Serges and Silks. The styles are most charming, inmany new colors and materials; moderate in price. LTheyare the leading garments' of the season$5.00 to $40.00Autumn WaistsIn Georgette, Crepe de Chene, Plain and Fancy Styles.Displaying the newest styls features$2.98 to $15.00SUMMER WASH SKIRTS SPECIAL!Smart, Pretty Styles in Fancy Materials, Prices from $5.00 to $12.50,AT HALF PRICE !HARRY SIMONOne Price To AllNEPONSET WEEKFrom Friday, Oct. 5, to Saturday, Oct. 13Today-EvenYoungstersWelcomeNeponsetIAk (V Ml -J l f'wFTLmWr W fU mi Tl M Li P "Its cheerful color designs andresilience to the step appealboth to mother at her work andchildren at play. Thick, durable,waterproof, sanitary, and easilykept clean. lies flat withouttacking, and won't curl.NEPDNSETFloor CoveringArtistic designs specially suitable for kitchen,bath-room, sewing-room, play-room, bed-rooms, 'halls arid closets. Saves work, nerves andifloors. Inspect our display today.lbdf by MRD 4k SON (ErtMished 17) Eat WillandTomorroware the onlydays left onwhich you canget"Neponset"LinokanFor .J59cper square yardBring yoururement toxkty.- -. -.rtr -n -h -, ,i - ..- . ,m ! a rm IIWIBIIVW w mm mt- -ma -m- w - vqanr Hl mm Mf .M M 1T - I BW , r ,. - , -fc ,, - Zjm - - - -J" "-T-T yr . -- "m mt 3P ' ''-v.JntWt. -, 'tbo company. " . - J ,Paris, Ktitvcfcy7 'IIAaaUUMBaKAgKMHMIMglMgaMUglBAkMUII.wBmmmBmmwmmmwmmmmmmmmmmWJmmmmmmmmmmmwmmmmmmmmmmmmm wm''mmm'rmmmmwmwmmrmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmWmmmmmwmmWmmmmmmIT,.- ?.-s-' J 1 1 t '- -jJ"iiirfS!;??:;' c11"Jijcx-1J2-. """.--yjFyo- -rVTHRQE5FRIDAY. OCTHi: hl ah'a-'-, - ,.cv1trfi?&Wr'Jte-rVPVS--W-- -?'-?-JI m.V : .t Medicinefer WomenFor Forty Years Lydia E. Pinkham'sVegetable Compound has Relievedthe Sufferings of Women.It hardly seems possible that there is a woman in thiscountry who continues to suffer without giving Lydia E.Pinkham's Vegetable Compound a trial after all the evidence that is continually being published, proving beyondcontradiction that this grand old- medicine has relieved'more suffering among women than any other medicine inthe world.szgn-Al.miunrrrunurmnWUittttyi1 1 Lk!HIIIffBBBm&friPWmAMrs. Kieso Cured After Seven Month's Illness.Aurora, 111. "For seven long: months I sufferedfrom a female trouble, with severe pains in my backand sides until I became so weak I could hardlywalk from chair to chair, and got so nervous Iwould jump at the slightest noise. I was entirelyunfit to do my house work, I was giving up hope ofever Deing weii, wnen my sister asKec me to tryLydia E. Pinkham's Vegetable Compound. I tooksix bottles and today I am a healthy woman able todo my own housework, r wisn every sunenngwoman would try Lydia E. Pinkham's VegetableCompound, and find out for herself how good'it is. Mrs. Karl A. Kieso, 596 North Ave., Aurora, 111.Could flardly Get Off Her Bed.Cincinnati, Ohio. ttI want you to know the good Lydia E. Pinkliam's Vegetable Compound has done for me. I was in such badhealth from female troubles that I could hardly get off my bed. Ihad been doctoring for a long time and my mother said, 'I want youto try Lydia E. Pinkham's Vegetable Compound.' So I did, and ithas certainly made me a well woman. I am able to do my house,workand am so happy as I never expected to go around the way I do again,and I want others to know what Lydia E. Pinkham's VegetableCompound has done for me." Mrs. Josie Copner, 1668 Harrison AveEairmount, Cincinnati, Ohio.If you want special advice -write to Lydia E. JPinkham Medicine Co. (confidential) Lynn, J)f ass. Your letter will be opened,read and answered by a woman ahd-held in strict confidenceU-BOATS NOW USE THE SMOKESCREEN DEVICE.New German devices for aiding Uboat frightfulness are reported bypassengers on an American liner recently arrived at New York fromEngland. tOne is the use of smoke screen inwhich the submarine may concealitself while attacking, escaping orsubmerging. The smoke screen hasbeen used for many months by battleships, destroyers and merchantmen. Its first use by a submarinewas reported in the warnings of aU-boat off the Atlantic coast.The other device is the use of, mirrored periscopes. By coating fhe'mwith silver the periscopes reflect thesurrounding water and become invisible a couple of hundred yards away.It4is believed this explains why survivors of several ships lately sunksaw no evidence of a submarine before or after the attack.AIKA EUEBENS HELPSMIES."Alma Ruebens is planning to doker share toward helping the Sammies at the front and the boyjkinolive drab now at the concentrationcamps throughout the country. Shekas given a handsome miniatureyacht to the Los Angeles branch of"SAM- tue Red Cross and this toy racer isto be auctioned pff sometime in No-, vember, the proceeds to ' swell thefund for America's soldiers. Thyacht,. although hardly four feetlong, Is a perfect replica of itshigher sisters, from mahogany furnishings to tiny anchor.Bob LaFollette ia,the Judas Iscariot of the United States Senate.HAYTI ATTESTS APPROPRIATIONOF AMERICA'S HELP.Grateful for what the UnitedStates has done for it under the recent treaty, the Republic of Hayti,it was announced by bankers recently, would add about 70,000,000pounds of sugar to this country'ssupply next season. This supply willbe the first year's output of the Hay-tian-AmericanCorporation, formedimmediately after the American protectorate was inaugurated, insuringprotection for foreign capital. Thecorporation expected to ship hereonly about 20,000,000 pounds ofsugar, but to meet desire of the United States Government for increasedfood supplies, the company has foundis possible to more than treble Usshipments to the United States.jsa m IS .VIRGINIA UNIVERSITY SENDSMANY ALUMNI TO WAR.The University of Virginia has sentapproximately 15 per cent, of itsalumni and students into variousbranches of war service. Lewis D.Creshaw, general alumni secretary,says that according to his , recordsthis is a conservative estimate andthat when final reports are obtainedwill probably be much greater. Thosealready on file are distributed as follows: Medical Officers' ReserveCorps, 250; Reserve Officers' trainingcamp, 244; base hospital, 150; United States Ambulance Corps, 96; regular army, 36; navy, 20; aviation,18; coast patrol, 14; industrial andmunition works, ,13; marines, 8;English army, 2; miscellaneous, 81.ffl feREMEMBER THE SOLDIERS ONCHRISTMAS.If you could dissect a SAVAGE you'd realize that "Heapbig mileage" is built into it during every minute of itsmanufacture.Highest grade rubber and fabric, perfectly balanced design, most careful workmanship, full size.A tough road-gripping tread neither so heavy as to produce stiffness, nor so light as to give insufficient protection to the carcass.Cushion of high-grade resilient rubber absorbs "the road shocks.Sidewall specially shaped to distribute flexing will nor crack. -Andthe carcass finest Sea Island cotton, long fibre, tough, tripletested, built up layer by layer into the strongest carcass that canbe made.High mileage, low cost per mile. Sold from factory to youthrough our own distributors. Watch for the red Savage sign.6rTW.SPICERNatural GasPlumbing and HeatingFittingsA Full Line of Gas Stoves andRangesPut in Your Stoves Now Before the Fall RushMain Street, Opposite Court House IBOTH PHONESJYour TelephoneA Money Maker IJiIf busy farmers, who are selling their stock and pro-"duce at good prices, were to be deprived of their telephone, they would readily place the value of the instrument at anywhere from $5.00 o 135.00 a day.nnZ0oViU-finth-5ecret:?f -,the ProsPerous farmerssuccesss lies m his prompt telephone communication withthe local and city markets., . ' .,Ouriiewl)irectoryviU:gp to wess soon antMti&oukVendeavor to supply you continuously good telephone service day anLmght. Our rates are reasonable. -M-!.. j. -iParis Home- fe5?.&- ,3, .aMy csrtii)"li! - :TelegraphCo,gar mKmtatma - - . Ur -' - 9ss&- a, 'Fifty thousand Christjmas bags areneeded for our men in the service.Friends and relatives will of courseremember the boys from home, butthe Navy League wants to be surethat each man will have a packagetied up in holiday style for Christman Day. The bags are 13x10 "inchesmade of cretonne or other' durablematerial, with ribbon draw strings.In each bag five to ten articles shouldbe placed. The ten-cent store .aroundthe corner has articles for sale thatthe soldier in France can not get atany price, so the Good Cheer bag neednot be expensive. Chewing gum,khaki colored handkerchiefs, a folding cap, tobacco, games, puzzles,pocket editions' of good books, maltedmilk tablets, and an easy Frenchgrammar are a few of the possibili--tles suggested by the Navy League.Ten thousand bags are now beingmade, but in,r order to reach thesoldiers by Christmas every bag mustbe in at the, headquarters of the wo5nL$sse'ction , of the Navy League,Washington, D: C, before Novemberfirst. v. i w wJJrrrr-'VMRS. SIQTH COMMENDS CHAM-- 'MatEAnrs tablets.r, "J- kve iiad more or less stomachtrouble .or eight or ten years," writesMrs. -G. H. Smith;, Brewerton, N. Y."When suffering "from attacks of indigestion and heaviness after eating,one or two of Chamberlain's Tabletshave always relieved me. I have alsofound theni a pleasant laxative."These tablets tone up the stomachand enable it to perform its functionsnaturally. If you are troubled withindigestion give them a trial, get welland stay well.(adv-oct)SURF COASTINGThe sport of surf coasting reachedthis country from Hawaii-, and promises in a few years to become a popular sport. In California it was muchpracticed this past summer, while afew surfboards might be seen on theNew York beaches American manufacturers, have put on' the market aspecial surf board which is a considerable improvement over the plankused by the Hawaiians', having an airchamber at, one end. All we lack.nowis. the Hawaiian skill in riding thebig breakers standing up.CONSJBERiCONCRETE r-No matt'erlwhafctyou are building,consider concrete;. JPjroperly constiict'ed dbnfcftte' bllfldMgs are water-proof and practically timeproof.'Z &h$3kuxi&:o'rfe by rats and theloss by flreare of themselves enoughto bring concrete in for considerationwhenever,- a. farm building isto.beerected In the long rjuri, itis cheaperto buildforsermanence and to uar-. T "3"-i . . ? --! w7?; --'tlojuj-ol vwmin than to lruat lewkA4a4 run" tliy''HirR. ?k'&&:K'5&nM& cottcrete wht yon uaaythUff mnff pty pw io rwHswo: 11 MWm'VVJ ISHsap big mikagsiDickerson & DouglasFourth and High Sts. Paris, Ky.SiJ .m';ji,ii9&- sovacEGRGFINITE TUBESThe only tub that have graphIte vulcanixed intpjthe soVfacf.Prevents deterioration, stkldng.incpon jpuia neaiinc . mum soap.vi ,atwnc ini)cccsary. ieneinvJIens life of tubei LLmw?w!Piii- ' - "W:. ii31'iiXf-ZSWIN THE WAB BY HELPING TOSAVE FOOD 1Ttfiss Lida E. Gardner, State organizer of Community Leagues andParent-Teacher Associations, has sentout letters to 825 school trustees,teachers and heads of the parentteacher bodies in an effort to mobilizethe resources of all the communityleagues in Kentucky for the purposeof furthering the campaign to eliminate waste. V. O. Gilbert, State Superintendent of "Schools, has writtento county superintendents requestingthem to have teachers impress upontheir pupils the importance of foodsaving -at this time and through themto reach the parents. The childrenwill be urged to request their mothers to sign the pledge cards and torepeat the request daily during theweek of the campaign." fM 'SOUR STOMACH.Eat slowly, masticate your foodthoroughly, abstain from meat for afew days and in most cases th sourstomach will disappear. If it doesnot, take one of Chamberlain's Tablets immediately after supper. Redmeats are most likely to cause sourstomach and you may find it best tocut them out.(adv-oct)SAVE YOUR SHOES.Leather is one of the materialswhich must be used economically inorder that the army may have shoes, Inarness, saddles and puttees. TheDepartment of Agriculture explainsthat the civilian can conserve leatherby making his shoes last as long aspossible. Greasing them when theleather gets hard and dry; wearingheel plates or otherwise preventingpun-over heels, which ruin the shapeof a shoe, and having them halfsoled when practicable will cut thefamily shoe bill, and help- the government keep our soldiers properlyshod.LITTLE MEN BEST.Tests carried on at Princeton University have proved that the manwho weighs about a hundred andforty pounds and is about five, feetand six or seven inches high i& reallyof the best physical type. He can domore in proportion to his size than alarge man, and has more enduranceLikewise the brunette is apt to havemore endurance than the blond.MORE CONCRETE USED. "Steel is going up, and concrete, asa result, is coming into wider use.Railway bridges, for example,, which!used "always to, be of steel are iowoften of concrete. A. beautiful concrete railway bridge is beiqg bqlltacross the James River' at Richmond,Va., and it is much prettier than asteel bridge. For like reasons, con?crete is replacing wood inniimingstructural, work, where itAaathigreat advantage- otJbeiiigsftreprooETS-- - -Wr J - ""-ft"rlwtlH -rat 4f:Vroonaam says that overorth of Manure irtltte ewnrtry er year. PfcrlUthto?'' "U .? .isJMiUre: TkHaNdMdoJ-ViNnfral 'mk.-&"-f,YrA.'k&!Mittfrcorsets theyLlastJdsteucmgcorsretShave . t he i r T s t v 1 & IitkmJoidywhenhey. 4?new3 . 1theirlstyrewtfmwputgj&d entestRengo Belt corsetfeaye gatherocf aew.admirers eackyeaEtiirTtheliai&rfeomcfaraouSatisfyingMost. ComfortabUromanimorcr-someliavTfelmdsflll-rmottly they tt. women .hotweanRengBelt cortctModels" forverygure-aomewithiteelijscebbin"- Jorjpeaterjjredonifor Sale By&Prices $2.00, $3.00, 5.00.3U'tteu' -.-'eirjff-t-nr TXna nniT'ifCrf AU.--ADo you think your father 'would;bet willingAfor you 9 .iaarry it'brttlijJfte girl. "PftV queer attimes; ybu know."Vrtxyorirt frjtCAHALBR0S.BARBERSHOPt-3r.j-ziftir ta.rrwiMi nv..vNPJSfMi;5r" '- :-ir- - . ."v. , -- .lrvje.;"r"j"Professional Cards.DR.WM:vKfiSlNEYEye, TflfoilgL Throat.w- rOOMLMIM4. 'FIRST NATH. BANK. BUI LOIN Q."j " ' PHONI 1H.-iSSfS-" w -v "RSBmBSjSJBHHBsUBSBBoutMni AgrteullBrisjfc.wptc rwi on-ywir qm, . -:.'-r- --- JC - i S --- 'F.&JrfcksiBMbBaHGimmmmmnik r'&..1$?;"I : SS?.-rrTSLS! BE AW A MOISTCLOTH THROUGH HAIE.DOUBLE ITS BEAUTYTrv This! Hair Gtets Thick, Glossy,Wavy and Beautifulat Once.A "UGHTING CHOIR"PLANNED.(New York Sun.)When the New York division ofj the new National Army gets "some-j where in Prance" there is one thing i'that it will have to learn. Not!Immediate? Yes! Certain? even the Klonische Saengerbund, thethat's the joy of it. Your hair he- Kaiser's picked warbling, chorus, willcomes light, wavy, fluffy, abundant He able to beat it singing. Gen. J.and appears as soft, lustrous and Franklin Bell announced his plansbeautiful as a young girl's after a recently for putting into practiceDanderine hair cleanse. Just try his theory that a singing man is atkj3 moisten a cloth with a little fighting man, and the plan calls forParderine and carefully draw it starting the biggest singing class atihnugh your hair, taking one small Camp Upton, Yaphank, L. I., thatftraud at a time. This will cleanse the country ever knew,the hair of dust, dirt or excessive oil, Forty-four thousand huskies willand in a few moments you have have their voices trained while theydoubled the heauty of your hair. A are learning how to get the most,jeiii?htful surprise awaits those cubic yards of earth excavated fromtvcU hair has been neglected or is a trench in the least time. Everyscraggy, faded, dry, brittle or thin, spade will work to the melody of theBKdes beautifying the hair, Dander- land and every practice march willine dissolves every particle of dand- be taken to the lilt of music that hasruff cleanses, purifies and invigor- been officially branded as passed byofps the scalp, forever stopping itch- the censor.-j v.?i- Tiqit 'hut -arTint will iins aim im"& "iDlease you most will be atter a rewPeeks' use, when you see new hairfine and downy at first yes but really new hair growing all over thescalp. If you care for Pretty, softhair, and lots of it, surely get a 25cent bottle of Knowlton's Danderinefrom any drug store or toilet counterand just try it. (adv)m mSing a song of canned goods on thecellar shelf,Every hustling family just goes andhelps itself.Canned things for broiling, for stewing and for pieDon't you feel sorry for folks whohave to buy?OF 44.000 - ' ; ,, :.:... , ,. .--r -: ' .. - . . .. ,- .;. . . . , . ,v. -- . . - .:U.'-:vJlift' m r ' -k - '.'. -BL 5tlrf - -i flkh. .jar In r--i -""- Vfc. V:,.. -"- - -im ssr-.rr . ".""'' KcA EzmTHksMBb bv VK3F VBBBbbBnB9Bj. ISBbHRSSBvr'XL Be.ArtBBBBBBBBBK:?NNS9MSEri:::2iBHBBBBBBH 31- if t O Ik M 1 1- - ;':"v-"-'-CROUP.If your children are subject tocroup get a bottle of Chamberlain'sCough Remedy, and when the attackcomes on be careful to follow theplain printed directions. You will besurprised at the quick relief which itaffords.(adv-oct)You Don't Have toStoopIf You Use aXTrue, the officials place no contraband tag on "Hail, Hail, the Gang'sAll Here!" "We'll All Re-enlist" andother justly celebrated anthems ofthe campus, but GenTBell is going tohave singing scientifically taught asan adjunct to fighting, and he hasconscripted Harry Barnhart, who ledthe big chorus up at Syracuse, totake command of the music. Heplans to build two or three auditoriums on the order of that in whichthe Rev. Billy Sunday admonishedhis hearers to "Brighten Up the .Corner Where You Are," and then tohave a big stadium that can be usedfor an assembly of all the command.HAD NERVE ENOUGH EOR FRONTx TRENCH UNE.GarlandCabinetRangeA beautiful line of Garlands on dlt)lay. Come Inland look thtm ovtr.Paris Gas & Electric Co.(Incorporated)A fresh young Paris man who hasnot yet had the courage to free himcelf from mamma's apron strings,and show himself a man, as othersjust as good have done, stood at thecorner of Seventh and Main streets,last Friday as. the pupils from theParis Public Schoods were comingfrom the morning session to theirhomes. A pretty miss of HighSchool age, daughter of one ofParis' most representative citizenscame along."Hello, little girl, you're lookingreal sweet to-day," said the slacker.The young woman looked the fellowup and down, gave him the once upand down again, and then in a bitingvoice, replied: "A fellow with asmuch nerve as you possess ought tobe in the front line of trenches'and passed scornfully on her way.The young fellow disappearedaround the corner on Seventh, unableto stand the gibes of his companions, while the young lady, disdaining another look, headed straight upMain street.)Ol q )mPAULINE FREDERICK TAKES SECOND MATRIMONIAL VENTURE.BeautifulxwNow On ExhibitionMRRHiiMJ ;'-Without altering the World champion motor, thefamous perfected clutch and transmission or themighty axles, the Maxwell builders have produceda new wonder car, far superior in constructionand in appearance to anything yet turned out bythe Maxwell factories we have this new andbeautiful car come and see it.iiiinminMimniffinniimnininfHThe car is larger and roomier, for one thirig-r-the wheelbase has been increased six inches.Itis alsoroad.a stronger and more rigid machine for theMiss Pauline Frederick, the famousemotional actress, has taken anothertrip on the sea of matrimony. Thistime it Js Mr. Willard Mack, theplaywright, actor and author.It is the second matrimonial venture for both individuals. MissFrederick is the divorced wife ofFrank M. Andrews, leading Americanarchitect and designer of the Kentucky Capitol building at Frankfort.Mack was recently divorced fromMarjorie Rambeau, a photoplay star.Miss Frederick appeared in Lexington in "Joseph and His Brethren"several seasons ago. For two yearsshe lived in Frankfort while Mr.Andrews was engaged in his workand is much admired -there whereshe was quite a social leader.Many women in Finland are nowemployed in metal industries, on thetramways and in clerical police work.m Shoe Polishes!V EETVOURSHOESNEr7G. W. DAVISfuneral DirectorCorner Fifth and Pleasant Streets, Paris, Ky.Day Phones 137 Night Phones 299 or 999Automobile Ambulance Automobile HearseUndertakingOur Winton-Six Autqmobile Ambulance with Johnson &Johnson First Aid Equipment and the Lungmbtor (recentlysecured by us at great expense) a resuscitating device fortnose apparently dead from drowning, gas poisoning, -electricsnock, collapse from anaefthijij-etc.ralways-rejtor. ser-;vice DAY ORgStT - -Phone us immediacy heii.w:accident. occur. - . - - - . - . -3l ; " '"i' S V' . : -The frame is now six inches instead of three inches deep.And the body rests directly on this powerful frame instead of on brackets extending from the sides, as inthe past.Do you know what that means?It means this: The firmness with which the wheels gripthe road and the steadiness of the car at high speedgive you a sense of security such as you have beenable to enjoy before only in cars shackled with a battery of shock absorbers.This New Car is 50 Pounds ';LighterThere's a marvel of engineering for you, friends!The car is made bigger and stronger and yet actuallylighter.This means greater ease and comfort on the road.More than that it means greater economy.And the Maxwell before was the most economical 5passenger car in the world.Compensating underslung rear springs the last wordin spring suspension mark this wonderful Maxwellof 1918.They mean greater comfort greater economy, by lessening wear and tear on the car.ZiiMaxwell Now Has the Style ofthe Costliest CarsThe new Maxwell is a car of great beauty.It.has a sloped windshield and rakish lines never befcreproduced in any car costing less than $1200.Its good looks now equal its proved mechanical efficiency. The new upholstery is richer and gives a new comfort.Inside and out the new 1918 Maxwell is a perfected car.We're proud to sell it.You'll be proud to own one.. aSji.Touring Car $745; Roadster $745; Coupe $1095; Berime $1095; Sedan $109$.' . All priie, f. o. b. Detroit ' ' ' ?lA. V. DOUGLASHigh St., Near Eighth Paris, Kentuckyj3SHlTggggii -P0R YOJJR SCEAP BOOK.Preparedness.I did not raise my boy to be a soldier, Yet at bis country's call be'll surelygo.I brought him up to reverence Godand honor, VTo .ever count the base and meanhis foe.He early learned his strength wasmeant to succorThe weak, the wronged, the flag thatwaves on high,And for such things or for a woman's honor,No manly man has ever feared todie.'I taught him faith between all menand nationsShould sacred be as. a divine decree; -""'Till now, and how it stirs my heartto think it,I know he loves his honor morethan me.A sterner hand than mine musttrain his body ' -Inbattle grim the craft of war toply;His spirit's now in arms, his will isreadyTo do and dare, to conquer or to die.Yes, he shall go where'er his country needs him;It was my purpose when his life be-&an;I did not rai&e myboy to be 9. solrdier,Thank God, I brought him upto be aman.By idfecqyening- theRiver pfDoubt:Cqi; IloItriedjilttle fm,andlr;; :Hd ..he kUTfolkiiiferSTEPS TAKEN TO PREVENTSHORTAGE OP PRINT PAPERThe Federal Trade Commissiontook steps Saturday to prevent newsprint paper prices increase on falsereports of short suppli".".The newspaper publishers throughout the country were directed tokeep ! the commission informedmonthly as to their rate of consumption and the- amount of paperstocks on hand. Already manufacturers are required to furnish production reports.The sharp rise in prices last yearwas charged by the commission inlarge measure to the suggestion ofmanufacturers tlfat they could notkeep up with the rate of consumption. The commission's investigationshowed there was no actual shortage. The commission intends that asimilar situation shall not riseagain..i iiMiMiui t 1 r I..1. t t n n n n n 1 m 1 m m mCivin Bros. Department StoreSswnffi ami main SB. . . pari), KtMctvWB Ri fftCHAMBERLAIN'S COUGH REMEDYTHE MOST RELIABLE.After many years' experience inthe use of it and other medicines,there are many who prefer Chamberlain's to any other. Mrs. A. C. Kirstein, Greenville, Ills., writes: "Chamberlain's Cough Remedy has beenused in my mother's home and minefor years, and we always found it aquick cure for colds and bronchialtroubles. We find it 0 be the mostreliable cough- medicine we haveused."(advroct)feiThere can be no salvation withoutrepentance and no peace withoutatonement.VtSL , .. uravbiis. tired, Worried or despondent it is i , JwresiipiiecdllOTTSNERyERINi:.HttAKThwiiie!- rt.-1:. uitii i;;w r5--ixi j"i-u-." -.nwC'Mc,vrM tiwuft. :,snnTwiaM ww', ,m z mi ,if-r:i-- -new -vie V,rJ,li" : b 4auumtiri. --'t ' "NhJkA-l '" "- V-FWm-c! :- - r "TlTm"-- .- ?Z "-T-L S- ! - r -i xwin JDros.ueixoreABOUT jSTYLEHere It Is !SUITSFrom $10.00 Up' COATSFrom $5.98 Up-HATSFrom $1.00 UpMAKE YOUR HALLOWE'EN SUIT NOW !We have a large line of solid;and fancy, materials- also thepattern,. , . .6.I.L: Kv;v?-.4?'"-tr" ""-"-51i&.-W-fefT"J.- -w. ,1-- "- -""-"1&l&&'j:,- "1?Z..i -S-wts'WoflW;;i'Ji ! U5HNWV PVIVTSV. OI DUBSUfl. ". '-Tit.V Vi,;mniTi:'--'s'ji-V:tFRIDAY, OCTOBSlt 11, lifPAGE EIGHTTB BOURBON NEWS, PARIS; KY.53&ri ,iMiIf-11ifriH-4Secure a profitable return for your money with absolute safety. Drop us a card and we will mail you a bookletgiving full particulars.UNION BANK & TRUST CO.South-East Corner Main and Upper Streets ,LEXINGTON, KY.ComingAttractionsPARISFRIDAYCharles Rayin"MillionaireVagrant"Popular Players in"Love and Fish"Triangle Comedy.Pathe Weekly NewsNo. 77.Hours Alamo, 2 to 5x30; Paris Grand,7 to 1 0:30, Admission 5 and 1 Oc.! days ago his company wrote toi friends here for recommendations con-MILLERSBURG I cerning him, as was to be promotedA 4110 conductor. Mr. Toadvine is underA new furnace has been installed in the Presbyterian church.Mrs. A. S. Best ' and daughterare visiting Mrs. Nancy B. Hunter,-in Maysville. -Mrs. A. S. Best is the guest ofher mother, Mrs. Nannie Hunter, atWashington, Ky. -Miss Maggie Clarke has returnedafter a protracted visit to her sister,Mrs. Ray, of Irvine.Mrs. H. T. Parker, of Maysville,is the guest of her sister, Mrs. A. C.Ball, and other relatives.Mrs. G. C. Watkins and littleson, of Irvine, Ky., are guests of hermother, Mrs. Emma Reynolds.Mr. C. W. Brown, of Detroit,Mich., arrived Monday as the guestof his brother, Mr. Ww M. Brown andfamily.Rev. A. S. Venable left Tuesdayfor Louisville to attend the Synod ofthe Presbyterian church, which con-evened Wednesday.Messrs. F. C. Caldwell andWadell Beeding have been called bythe war department to report for service in the next seven days.Misses Margaret Allen and Mattie and McLona Butler were recentdinner guests at the home of Mr.and Mrs. Clay Haggard, near WinChester. Mr. and Mrs. J. B. Cray anddaughter, Mrs. J. Clarke Leer, Jr.,were guests of Mr. and Mrs. W. S.Judy, at Lexington, Tuesday andWednesday.Mr. J. W. Boulden, .Of ShelbyYille, and Mrs. H. H. Crouch, of Little Rock, were among the out-of-townfriends ivho attended thefuneral of Mrs. Fannie Hurst hereWednesday. -, Mia. C. L. Vimont left Tuesdayfor Flemingsburg, to be present atthe funeral of her brother-in-law,Mr. Wm. Smith, who was interreden Wednesday.Mr. and Mrs. Philip Chudle, ofMaysville, Mrs. L C. Fightmaster, ofParis, Mrs. Lelia Odes, of Lexington, and Mrs. Harry Mann, of Carlisle, were guests of Mr. and Mrs.James Howard last week.The Young Peoples MissionarySociety of the Methodist church willhold a Rummage Sale in the Sandusky house, east of the Methodistchurch, on Saturday, Oct. 13, from 10a. m. to 9 p. m. Clothing, hats,Fhoes and household articles will beon sale. Any further contributionswill be appreciated. Call Miss Lu2yJones, Chairman.Mrs. J. D. Redd returned Monday.from Dawson Springs, where she at--tendedthe State Convention of the-"W. C. T. U., and was elected as aj delegate to the National Convention,which convenes at Washington, D. C,-lm December. She was accompaniedJwMie by her daughter, Mrs. L. S.. Frederick, wife .of Lieut. L. S. Frederick, of the U. S. Army, her husband. having recently been called to Hati6bur. WANTED. To rent a good- farm with from 20 to 30 acres oftobacco land; 40 to 45 acres cornland; good house on same; pasture" .land -for milk cows and work stock;- .are prepared to cultivate a farm of-u-taeee requirements, having all then-secoeeary machinery to work same."For further particulars, call on oraddress.J. W. PURCELL & SONS,Blue Lick Springs, Nicholas Cov Ky.(12-2t)The ;many friends of Mr. Toadiae will be glad to learn of his goodJtertmte since leaving nome. lastprime. Several months ago Mr.Ta4rfae wemt' to Pittsburg. Pa.,-vrfcere be seevred a poltioa with theHW( tmm mrw.- j-eaYlvaai R. R. Cfc. i was aoonpromoua to wwiwimPER CENT INTERESTPaid on Term Savings Deposits4GRAND AND ALAMOa SATURDAY.Betty Howe, in Vitagraph BlueRibbon feature"For Franee"Patriotic of the present day."Hearts and Flower" is an L-KOcomedy in two parts.MONDAYPauline Frederick in"Her Better Self"Froduced by Famous Players, on theParamount program. Also ParamountPictograph and Black Diamond comedy. H &Admission Alamo, 10c to everybody, including children in arms;Grand at Night, 15c for Adults; 10cchildren, including children inarms; 10c everybody in gallery.twenty-one years of age.The firm of T. D. Judy & Sonhas dissolved and retired from business. The reason assigned for theclosing out is that there is not business enough for both of them. Mr.J. T. Judy, the junior member of theArm, is anxious to leave Millersburg. iMr. J.T. Judy, Jr., left Wednesday forIndianapolis, Ind., where he will inall probability accept a position.Mrs. Fannie Hurst died at herhome in Baltimore, Md., Saturday,after a lingering illness. The remainsarrived Tuesday evening at thehome of her cousin, Mr. M. D. Hurst,and were interred in the MillersburgCemetery Wednesday at ten a. m.,after a short funeral service at thehome of Mr. Hurst, conducted byEld. C. O. Cossaboom. Mrs. Hurst 1was one of the most prominent youngladies in Millersburg many years ago.She was a daughter of Mr and Mrs.3 esse Boulden, and the greater partof her life was spent in and aroundMillersburg. When quite a youngwoman she was united in marriage toDr. Silas W. Hurst, of Flemingcounty, who located after his marriage at Millersburg, and soon builtup a lucrative practice. Two sons.were born to them, Messrs. Edgar andJesse Hurst, Mr. Edgar Hurst residing near Millersburg, while Jesse, resided with his mother at Baltimore.He, with his wife, accompanied theremains to Millersburg. Dr. Hurstdied in the winter of 1889. Shortlyafter his death Mrs. Hurst moved toBaltimore, Md., where she has sincelesided. She was well known hereand loved by all her friends and acquaintances. Mrs. R. H. Bell died at her home,Chessae, 0., Sunday. The remains arrived at Millersburg, Tuesday, at8:08 a. m., and were taken to thehome of Mr. W. M. Brown, until 10a. m., at which time the funeralwas conducted at the Presbyterianchurch, by Rev. A. S. Venable, afterwhich they were laid to rest in theMillersburg Cemetery. The remainswere accompanied here by her hushand, Mr. R. H. Bell, and son, Mr.Clarence Bell. Mrs. Bell was formerly Miss Laura Hughes, and was bornnear Blue Licks, in Nicholas county,where her early life was spent. Shev as afterwards united in marriage toMr. R. H. Bell, and one son, Clarance Bell, was born to this happycouple."" She was a sister of the lateMr. Robert Hughes, who was killedin a railroad accident about two yearsago near Somerset, Ky. For a number of years Mr. Bell and family resided near Millersburg. A few years.ago they moved to Chesse, Ohio,where they have since made theirhome. Owing to business affairs Mr.Clarence Bell was compelled to returnto his home Tuesday afternoon. Mr.R. H. Bell will remain for a week asthe guest of his daughter by a former marriage, Mrs. George Stoker.Rev. and Mrs. R. C. Goldsmithmoved Monday from the property ofDr. W. M. Miller, on Eighth street, posed to have jived only in the oldto Paris, where Rev. Goldsmith has world and .f the tem -s used foaccepted a charge as pastor of the h Drimitive snecies ofBaptist church, after resigning the ean tne very primitive species ofsame at Millersburg. For the past homo sapiens, this is true. Explothree years Rev. Goldsmith has been Rations made in Kentucky this yearpastor of the Baptist church here, by scientists of the American musecoming into our community a um, however, show that primitivestranger, giving half of his time to men did live in caves in America. InEdward Brigham, the well-known the Mammoth Cave and others theybasso prof undo, dramatic reader and found unmistakable evidence that thepianist, of New York City, will give mouths of the Kentucky cavernsa song and dramatic recital m the d dweiiing places, andMillersburg College Auditorium, Fri- ., , . . T ,, . b , , .. 'day evita& Oct 12f at 8 o'clock. that Indian explored the cavesI Admission 25c. Mr. Brigham is en-dorsed by the New Y,ork DramaticMirror, MusicaL Courier, Eveningr?ost and other metropolitan publica-tioasr Tke-peowle b Millersburg are, . , , il. ...4...iior"Jc w .? H "-"v- ,--. ,4the Millersburg church. He hasmade friends with all He come in contact with, and did much in buildingup the church, both spiritually andin many other ways. While with ushe took his degrees in Amity Lodge,No. 40 F. and A. M., and about twoyears ago was united in marriage toMiss Daniel, of Owenton. Last Maythey rented property in Millersburg,and our good people believed thatthey were to have the most estimable couple with us for some time.Mrs. Goldsmith, like her husband,entered into all that was good on arriving at Millersburg, and was soonlecognized by her church as a leaderin everything she undertook. A fewweeks ago Rev. Goldsmith receiveda call from the Baptist church atParis, which he accepted. It is withgreat pleasure that we commend thiscouple to the good people of Paris,fully realizing the fact that our lossis their gain.fe Tsa iDEATHS.CURTIS.The funeral of Mrs. Ellen Curtis,aged eighty-three, who died of dropsyat the home of her step-granddaugh-ter.-JMrs.Jos. King, near Wade's Mill,was held in the Winchester Cemetery.Mrs. Curtis is said to" have been oneof the oldest residents of Clarkcounty. She has a number of relatives in Bourbon county.DANIEL.Mr. J. M. Daniel, aged fifty-two,one of the best known citizens ofClark county, died at his home inWinchester, Monday night, of hearttrouble. Mr. Daniel was a nativeof Powell county, and was a verypopular business man. He was ason-in-law of the late Mr. J. W.Pace, who was killed in an autoaccident near Paris some time ago,and is survived by his widow, whoias formerly Miss Carrie Pace, oneson, Robert, and one daughter, MissCora Daniel, all of Winchester.Funeral services were held at hislate home, on Winn avenue, in Winchester, at four o'clock Tuesday afternoon, conducted" by Rev. GeorgeW. Banks, of the First Methodistchurch. The interment was in theold Hardwick burying ground atClay City.BOWLES."The funeral of Miss Mollie Bowles,aged eighty, who died Wednesday afternoon at four o'clock, at the residence of Mrs. Bruce Collins Hall, onWalker avenue, after an illness ofseveral months of uraemic poisoning,will be held at the home of Mrs. Hall,at two o'clock this (Friday) afternoon, with services conducted byRev. J. T. Sharrard. The remainswill be taken to Millersburg for interment in the Millersburg Cemetery.The pall-bearers will be Joe PennRedmon, Lloyd Ashurst, Allie Rowland, Thos. Bowles, Ed. Allen andForrest Buchanan.Miss Bowles had been an invalidfor a number of years from a complication of troubles.and her death wasdue to uraemic poisoning, and thecomplications incident to old age.She was a woman of lovely Christiancharacter, loved and respected by alarge circle of friends.She is survived by one brother,Martin Bowles, of Millersburg, andthe following nieces and nephews:Airs. Ed. Allen, of North Middletown;Mrs. Bruce Hall, Mrs. Oscar Millerand Mrs. George Harper, all of Paris;Thos. Bowles, of Millersburg, andThos. Allen, of North Middletown.fe 1 TQTO TAX PAYERSTax receipts of thecity for 1917 are nowin the hands of City(Collector ClarenceThomas, at the Peoples Deposit Bank.Call and pay themnow.J.T HINTON,(auglO-tf) Mayor.m& lot iaTHE AMERICAN CAVE MAN.Thp navp man has Inne hpn cnriluu iuuBU quartz m mem. xnis isespecially interesting Decause it ,isknown, that Indians did not live inthis region after its discovery bywhite man. The , American - ratai ' ""H"dwellrs, thertforeT -mu have.be-longea to an earner period.''MATRIMONIAL.SCOTT MAHORNEY:Rev. T. B. Ellis, pastor of theParis Christian church, performed themarriage ceremony at his home atthe corner of Main and Tenth streets,Wednesday afternoon, uniting MissPlorence Scott and Mr. Strother Ma-homey, both of the North Middletown vicinity. The couple drove toParis and secured a marriage licenseWednesday from County Clerk PearceFaton.SHEARS 1NGELS.Miss Leona Shears, of Danville,and Lieut. Ben Ingels, Jr., of Lexington, werfr married Tuesday at thehome of the bride's sister, in Danille, by Rev. Horace Turner, pastorof the Methodist church. The groomis -a son of Mrs. Ben Ingels, Sr., ofLexington, formerly-1, of Paris, and isstationed in the army service atCamp Zachary Taylor, near Louisville. The bride is one of the mostcharming young women of Danville.OF.FUTT HARP.The marriage of Miss Kate Offuttand Mr. Henry Harp, both of nearGeorgetown, was solemnized Wednesday afternoon in Lexington by Rev.Mr. Bowers, pastor of the Christianchurch at Newtown, in Scott county.After the ceremony Mr. and Mrs.Harp N left for a short bridal trip toLouisville. Upon their return theywill reside on their farm near Newtown. The bride is a daughter of thelate Mr. and Mrs. Lemuel Offutt, ofScott county, who resided in Parismany years. Her girlhood days weremostly spent in Paris, where she hasmany friends who remember her as agirl of lovely character and amiabledisposition. The groom is a prominent young Scott county farmer.RS sa,STOCK, CROP, ETC.Mr. Wm. Cantrill, of near Jacksonville, will move about March 1 toa farm of 166 acres near sneioyviiie,recently purchased by him at $150per acre.Mr. Charles Martin, of Millersburg, purchased of E. L. Tilton, ofMt. Olivet, eight yearling mules at$150 each, said to have been thehigh-water mark for this class ofstock.Messrs. A. S. Thompson & Son, :of near Paris, bought this week offMr. W. W. Noble, of Ohio, his pre-)mium yearling Southdown ram at a.fancy price. They made the following sales of Southdowns: One yearl-Your New Fall BootsAwait You Here in an EndlessAssortmentt Every description of footwear, every style, including: allJ the pretty novelties, all the new creations, at prkr s thatJ laugh at the day of the high cost of shoes.: " .QualityStyle EconomyA Combination Always Found Herei-- At- &? -kyMXM wain - -i. ivumtai est jris unequaieo anywhere, then buy your shoes here tomorrow without fail.!Ladies dark tan EnglishBoots . . rLadies' Black CalfEnglish Boots 'Ladies' Gun Metal Button BootsBOYS' AND GIRLS'SCHOOL SHOESAt Great Bargain PricesDANiParis' Greatest Shoe StoreymiQS to Jos. M. Hall; one yearlinr toWm. Grimes. and one yearling toHenry V. Thompson, .of Clark county.Mr. Thomas Henry Clay, Sr.,made the following purchases thisweek: 54 head of feeders, averaging1,0 8 pounds, of Leonard Weil, ofLexington, at nine centsj; of W. A.Thomason, of North Middletown j 45head, averaging 1,002 pounds, atnine cents; 130 ewes from JonasWeil at $9.75 per head.m m saEIGHTY COUNTIES ORGANIZEDFOR FOOD PLEDGE DRIVEEighty counties have been organ-;ized by the forces under Federal FoodAdministrator F. M. Sackett for thepledge card, campaign, which willculminate in a drive, both State andNational, during the eight-day periodfrom October 21 to- 28. Mr. Sackettand W. E. Morrow, who- was selectedby Herbert Hoover as expert campaign manager for Kentucky, announce that assurances had been received that every county in Kentuckywould be organized before Oct. 21.H ha run aICHLANDLINENTFyou can't fight write and write" often to your friends who are serving our Country.Every letter you write to some soldierboy, helps to hearten him for the dangerous work ahead.The cheerful letter from home meansmuch to the man in camp or at thefront.. It brings him news of those leftbehind and helps to break the monotonyof long, weary hours of duty.We can supply you with attractivepatriotic stationery. The new High'land Linen-Olive Drab writingpaper is especially appropriate foryour letters to those serving UncleSam.Brooks & SnappDrug Company"The Penslar Store"w JK.TdiBUYNOW-k - -W.. m-. r-- m .m- ..VvA ItI It III Sinh tSome of Our Specials$4.95Men's Tan EnglishWelts$2.99$2.49Men's Gun Metal,EnglishMen's Gun Metal,Button : .CO HEN.Where Beauty and Ecoaoay Rtfeg- -j 'MM4tMM9Ml4Wilmoth'sSalt-RisingBread!Angel FoodCake!Don't That"Listen Good?"WILMOTHGrocery Co.Phone 376JWfiRGOLEN'SSPECIALSFor This WeekVealLambPork -BeefIWflRGOLEN'S4Sanitary Meat MarketJ m mum$4.00$3.49$1.99Mln I ' w&Jt