THE BOURBON" NEWSPUBLISHED EVERY TUESDAY AND FRIDAY IN THE YEAR.i2 !VOLUME XXXVI.PARIS, BOURBON COUNTY, KENTUCKY, TUESDAY, FEBRUARY 6, 1917.Relations With Germany Severed.Washington Officials Still "Hope For Peace,"But Every Preparation Is BeingFor ConflictTHE TOBACCO MARKET.BOURBONHOUSE FRIDAY, FEBRUARY 2.COLDEST WEATHER OF SEA- GOVERNOR STANLEY CALLS BURGLARS BUSY AGAIN;SON HITS THIS SECTION. A SPECIAL SFRSinre OFFir.FR .innv i ami-ic nutIt. KP ATTICS tho tVOitlor -mon ir. i1nt.. HnV A O Cffinlmt 1inr Inr..,1 11' T71 T...: lk 1 l r . a.d Ir JSS 71 to- 1,7 i f w 1?med to give the Bwes8s section of for the General Assembly to convens week, when the business houses ofS? s K?n nnnvf w !?' he State the merest weather he has at Frankfort. Wednesday, February Bruce Holladay, Albert Antone andco for ?lo,3o.0o, an average of ?21.4x in stioir "Poiri wnVO ,hh, , 14. thr thp "nin nmnaQ f .iti r.i,- . u'- -..--" ri., ww.v . v. w, ini iciuucia' - --v ww vua L170& vl urtJiiaiLici iiiii -oic ol. iiiiiiia tikim vixiiivi'. annj - - ,, . --v. wPresident Asks Congress to cePt tliat of reprisal and that winClear Decks For Action in Case "cnmunications continue to pourWar is Necessary Break with into lne White House, and they areAncf-:0 HitnrfoMi t.a ah fi.. about equally divided in tone, soni',AustnaHungary and All Ger- demandin? strict accountability withman Allies Probable. all that goes with it, of Germany, theothers urging the President to standfirm for peace.President Wilson has broken off diplomatic relations with Germany amiwarned the Kaiser that ruthless sacrifice of American lives and rightsmeans war.Similar action is waiting for Austriawhen she notifies this government thatshe joins in the campaign of unrestricted submarine warfare. ThePresident onade foiVnal announcementt this action to the country and to:he world at a joint session of Congress.Passports have been, handed toCount von Bernstorff. AmbassadorGerard, with all his staff and all American consuls have been ordered out ofGermany. All German consuls in thE,"United States are expected to withdraw that the severance of relationsmay be complete. American diplomatic interests in Berlin have beenturned over to Spain; German diplomatic interests in the United Stateshave been taken over by SwitzerlandForeign diplomatic interests whie.iUnited States had in charge in Germany have been turned over to variousneutrals.Two years of diplomatic negotiation, marked with frequent crisis, an-lattended with the loss of more thani0 Aanerioan lives on the high seas,have culminated with an act which in- x.11 the history of all the world hasalways lel to war. Every agency of'.he American government has been sotin motion to protect the countryngainst acts of German sympathizersThese moves are of necessity beinkept secret.With the notice of severance of dipkmatic relations the United Statessent to Berlin a demand for the immediate release of 64 Americans takenfrom ships captured by German raideit,m the South Atlantic.At the request of the President,'Congress immediately after hearinghis address began work on new lawsiramed by tihe Department of Justiceto check conspiracies and plots againstthe United States which can not no v:e reached under existing statutes.The question of conveying America itmerchant ships through the submarineblockade has been taken up and is being considered as one of the nextmoves by this government.Soon after Count von PernstorfDr-assports arrived, United States secretherivce men threw a guard about theAmbassador and his suite to makecertain that the hospitality ot the UnitA States is not violated while he remains on Atmerican soil. The statusof Count Tarnowski, the Austrian Ambassador, was undecided, although hecalled at the State Department to arrange for presenting his credentials loPresident Wilson.For months, ever since relations-with Germany became acute, thereiave been ominous signs of threatened activities of German sympathizersand disloyal Americans if diplomaticrelations were broken off. The administration has rot been unmindful ofthese. Various brandies of the go-r-ennmenthave informed themselves onthe subject far more completely thanmight be thought. Officials expressthemselves as satisfied that they wibe able to cope with the situation. Intfie armv and navy, and in the citizenship generally, officials realize that thocomposite character of American nationalitv makes it difficult not to findsome persons who will express syinnathv with the land of their birth.The attempt to sink the torpedoboat Jacob Jones at Philadelphia irecognized as an instance of some ot-he t nines which may be expected, butrm the whole all the agencies of theoverniment believe they have madepreparations to meet such exigenciesr are prepared to meet them as theyThe breaking off of relations camith a crash, despite the fact that it-,ad been discussed, and practically de:ermined uoon Friday .mgit. ThePresident returned from his ' njfj c011"'erence with the Senators determinelmat a break in relations was the onbct "consistent with the dignity andthe honor of the United States heworked most of the night prepating his address to Congress.WASHINGTON, D. C. Feb 5. Thaending home of Von Bernstorff and-he calling home of Gerard, the opnnms message which the President as'orced to carry to Congress, does notarilan war. The numberof those in and out of Congress v .hobelieve it will not even under the cirMims"TioPS is surprisingly large, wthe one word, "war," is on every li.nevprfhless. , . . :,Officii ard civil Washington isobered, but determined no whatUw-xpeoted has come about. In the grat period known to the nation sine -theday war was declared on Spam-he hope is yet held out : that no actualvar will follow the Presidents adIress to Congress if the Chief Executive can avoid it. , fBut,, however, should an overt act ofuch character as this government cannot ignore occur, with no diploinaUcchannel open through which to taKeH up, no W will be left open c.-A telegraM received in Paris fromyr. and Mrs. O. B. Chisholm, at Ne vYork, stated tliat they had temporarily abandoned their ocean trip to London. England, and their future home inSouth Africa, on account of the threatening war situation, and the uncertainty of securing passports from thUnited States government into thebeleagured countries. Mrs. Chisholmwas formerly Miss Ethel Baldwin, ofParis, her marriage to Mr. Chisholmtaking place in Paris recently. Mrand Mrs. Chisholm had booked passage for Liverpool, on the HollandAmerican steamer, the Ryndhrdm, intenoing to visit in England a monthbefore proceeding to their home inRhodesia, South Africa. The Germai:threat of submarining all neutral vessels caused them tc defer their trip,ar least lor a while.. no khhc hamco cnui i l -f i rriiTiM -x n -. ... i ..tor 7nr oVor imi Tho Iaum t0 elSnt below zero by i ie subject ot revenue and taxi- sums of money taken, the thieYcminiitv m fflnnr I Jnr "S'" wa8 thc warnlnB sent out Yri' Uon " continued their depredations, visitingThelS-hest average of the dav wa ywr!I!nBr0PI Weather Bureau This Is the first time in twelve the Bourbon Lumber Co., where ther'made hv Mrs w B wSSfoS ard Winston and posted here at years that the Kentucky General Ac effected an entrance by breaking tha,Bristow who soW 3 fo5 nounds for nn T f the Same day" And il camo Se,y beSl cnvened in spec,al glass on a window h and throwaeraee of MO 73 Two hXts 1" . 'Sf a venfea"ce fess!on: GTTV' W- i Brady called it ing the catch. They were unreward-roStafned 155 ami 180 nounds whteh he P6?PJe f U 3IueFass Iia(1 JU5i J? eIerct a United States Senator, and ed for their trouble, and departed?2uX recovered from he visitation ot the Gov J C . W. Bechham called it twice, empty-handed. The grocery stoTe oli)rougnt .ou and .o-, the highest price heaviest snowfall known in many m 1000 to pass an election law anj Curtis Henry & Co., adjoining the lumSv anv ftn bnv S, years, and the uncomfortable effects in 1905 to locate the new Capitol, ber yard, was also : viStoe slSlSome othe averages are as follows- a tw-days' shortage in the natural Neither Gov A. E. Wilson nor Gov. night Here the intruders broke &, Gram. Gallowav sold " 3?0 Sounds &S r.essnr, due ? a br?ak in th Jame B" f reary, whose terms inter- glass in the front door and threw thoiverase $'6 3- Mrs W "b WoolfoM F6 iJ aS .the C01ic pictures f' " a SP?Cial SeSsioiK .bolt and fastenings on the lock. Ther& Bristowsold 3 505 wdnds ZTerZ f t. "The worst was yet to come' The session automatically is limi' rifled the cash drawer, securing aaverage S24.70: Collins & Coons sold' VIC 1.1C1UU1 "esrt" ,Us . "sceiiL - nAt--.:rtZ'.-"Mrgr: W1" 1XiV" au couecteii1C.275 pounds, average $20.66;wood Xr. Hardinsr sold S.2H5 nonnds.or0 99 09- Povu-nn,i jr. CTotnhor uni,i lla' afternoon it began to tumble into J"ul"' " 1L um "oc "msn sooner, aoout. also received a call from the prowl-6 175 noiindV average S9 04- Waeoner tIle cellar and by night had passed tlvj "p "- . 'ers. who got away with a small sum ota Zul ennf rqiI lk nt!-I zero mark. All day a bitterly cold The Proclamation issued by the money that had been left in the cash.sni'' Clav & Herrineton sold n 990 whld blew- Piercing the stoutest cloth- enoMoiiows: .drawer as change to be used in thepounds, average W 86; Woodford .and freezing the very marrow in J0 The thievet -- - .w. . ocmcu uw uc luujvjug uvr reauy cuuAii outtu lor a numoer or years at all the places they visited, as notk-Son sold 2,845 pounds, average $24.1 T;Jones & Mason sold 2,140 pounds, avone's bones." Some thermometer;marked four below zero at ten o'clocicerage $23.53; Cur,t Duncan sold 2,445 Yl night and on Saturday morn- spounds, average $21.14; D. B. Gaitskill ms th readings varied from six to nitsold 5.310 nounds. averace S19.85: Gav 1 ueiUlV wnvtviunB ei cioso ....& Martin sold 9,395 pounds, average u prediction sent out by the$20.32; Chappell, Ashcraft & Chappell " ?" "- "l"u- A","ie """""-oWASHINGTON, Feb. 5. Besidesbreaking off diplomatic relations withGermany, President Wilson has madea bold stroke to range the moral forceof all other neutral countries alongwith that of the United States in theinterest of peace.The President has suggested to allother neutrals that they break off diplomatic relations with Germany as theUnited States has done, and he hasinstructed all American diplomats 1:1those countries to report immediatelyhow the sugrestion is received.This was the only known development of first importance which cameout of a day of tense waiting which followed the actual announcement of thebreak with Germany.sold $6,935 pounds, average $20.04; It.E Bedford sold 2,96u pounds, average$21.15; C. W. Peed sold 3,675 pounds.average $19.42; Soper & Wasson soldBros. & Robinson sold 2.7S5 pound.-:,average $21.69; Allen &. Craft sold3.7S5 pounds, average $25.06; Talbot'Bros. & Feeback sold 2.970 pounds, avattenamg sucn a suauen cola wavewere experienced by Paris people.pritc S9ft fifi- Wairnnpr F.. Mnns sold 1U& UU1U" uiiaiiuiieiuu simnv m ui ;VoiT rm n7i n vm rrp on W Tho- county suffered greatly and it is likely L "" ."" uixauon IOr me ssiateo 34o Pounds, a erage $20.91, Tho.-. l ' f animals b:. to be submitted at a Tegular or specialMitchell sold 5,72n pounds, average lI , f iDbStb OL anim,iib o. , . . c-iioti for hhit ni,rnnt.;flJ7. TUr iitoiinii QnUi 9 sio death from exposure. In the city h . ou ue.caiea Ior wiat purpose.0.4, Ihos. Mitchell sola ,bJJ i-ms commission has pnmliintprl s in.iiiciiiv iiiiurM-!vi'i'iit:i n lv t; m. Liit-;ii iiiLiuiii . .w ... .WASHINGTON, Feb. 5. Great surprise exists over the fact that neitherpress reports nor official dispatcheshave indicated that Ambassador Gerard has asked for his passports. Hisinstructions were sent both by cableand wireless and there is no disposition to doubt that he has receivedthem and acted accordingly.It is assumed that the most rigilcensorship is being maintained inGermany.has faced a continually increasing de- ing else was missed. Their methodsin tne treasury, and there are of operation were the same at all theoutstanding and unpaid, several iiiaces visitPdto the prediction sent out by the munos 01 fctate warrants bearing m- The police with very little in the wayleresi at o per cent, per annum. l0f a clue to work on, kept trying toThe people of this Commonwealth, land the theives. Patrolman Judy re-realizing the pressing need of a re- ceived information that, fiwrro n.Frozen water .nines and -sld room adjustment of their laws relating Ic rett colored, who had Ina heen r-wcre tihe rule rather than the exce,p- reven"e and taxation upon modern leased from the Frankfort Reforma-."" w 4,- ci 1 i.M.i ..r? i ii. . i J lies, nave LWire voren tnvnrahv n,t .,. ,.u i. i . s .,o65 pounds, average $0.a, lalbott ., ,.., an amendment to their nnnstitntinn am r cki- ,- i-.ness cdmpelled them to be outdoors a authorizing such legislation. The last county, had some coins in his possejgreat deal were muffled to the ears G.eneral Assembly adopted a resolu sion closely corresponding to the deaud even then complained, of the bit- tlon Pryi(1n& for the appointment of scription of those tafcen from the casha uM iiiuibbiim to uevise a new system drawer at the Curtis Henry & Co. grocery. After a long and diligent searchthe officer found lib man in Claycville, where he was placed under ar-"rest. A search revealed a sack rnn.eas "fires iroinir all nicrht. Windows n vesti5ation and formally made its re- taininir a lare-fe number of nennies. anrlhomes and business houses were coat- Prt in conformity to the provisions other coins, which were afterwardod with frost until they resembled the . e resolution. identified as the property of Curtiswork of some master painter of snow', In tn.e rush of business at a regu- Henrj' and Bruce Holladav. Garrett'smi bebbion 01 uie legislature, wnero shoes exacUy fitted tracks in the snowa multitude of measures are intor- ot tho. ctnro f at. t,iw a uunable to give a satisfactory eje-nlanation of his whereahontR nn ihnnocfirtn o o tTin t--h--hiih-v nnl (nvim. ..... , .. . .Ti,B THQc,wiQf iirmco rlirl nnn fur of a return to waimer weather. tn-- l - . . . iVi'c""c. """ iaAiii0 nignts Kie Dlirgiaries occurred. Henish a report of their Friday's sale for day was one of the most disagreeable 0Srati n It poorly & IOdSed '" PaFiS "Publication. of the winter. Snow began fallms The le of the " must realizp tr'al., v.- u , f y ? V16 m?rS1I1f :nJPPed f. .a that the present condition of the fiscali Mr. T. C. Asbury, of Nicholas fierce, high wind that cut like a knue affairs QfthQ gtate Js unsound and de i'county, purchased the entire crop of driiving the snow in the face of pede?- raands inimediate relief It presents w inS the subject of revenue and taxatobacco grown on the farm of Mr. Let- trians with the force of a Texas bliss-i opinion an occasion within tn tion- You wI11 therefore, in accordton Vimont, near Millersburg. The zard, Ahich, indeed, it resembled verv meaning of the consUtution authoru"-' ance wiUi this proclamation, assetablecrop comprised 37,000 pounds, and was closely. The temperature again too.v j Uie Governor in convening the iu sucn session at the State Capitol, atbought at the barn by Mr. Asbury for a tumble, and by Sunday night the General Assembly in extraordinary I Frankfort, on the day and date above25 cents per pound, straight. Mr. As- mercury was again close to the zero , session mentioned, to consider the subject otbury is selling it on the' Fans mar- marK. ine nerce gaie noiea ana TAXATION EXCLUSIVE CONSIDER- revenue and taxation, exclusively.pounds, average $20.32; Ferguson &.Maher sold 2,085 pounds, average S13.79: Wright & Watkins sold 3,440pounds, average $19.76; WrightMorris sold 2.660 pounds, averageS20.S2: T. B. Brannock sold 1,255 scenespounds, average $20.38; Henry Ingleosold 2,445 pounds, average $19.27.The weather man promised fair anJ s00,i OTWi iiw,i i n.!. re i i . .i auced and considered, it can hardly was iwarmer weather for Sunday, but the ,, i,rtr.0fl n,f ,.,-ri' nri -macihinerv slired a cojt and instea.l e hi.petl that J Mtal and comPlex :i planaIIldCUllIK,! blllLU a tOfe, ailU. HliLCa. ouesfion as ihp, rpvpniie nnrl tnviiv- r.-u.BERLIN, February 4. Germany today acceded to the American demandsfor the immediate release of the Americans taken from the ships sunk bythe German raider in the Atlantic andbrought to a German port aboard thesteamer Yarrowdale.ATION. uiven unaer my nana, tnis tne tniraIn ponsidrention of fhes rnnrii..day of February, 1917, and in the one? 'tionsand in accordance with the p0v-hundred and twenty-fifth year of the-"A. O. STANLEjY."By the Governor."JAMES P. LEWIS,"Secretary of State."By . -"J. A. SCOTT,"Assistant Secretary of State."WASHINGTON, February 5. Continuance of diplomatic relations between the United States and AustriaHungary was; declared here to rest ona very slender thread with rapid exchange of views taking place in aneleventh hour hope of saving an apparent hopeless situation.Two reasons, the condition in whichit would leave prisoners whose interests are now cared for by Americandiplomats, and the futility of any further purely foninal steps, make officials loath to extend the break withGermanv to Austria. American'smoral protest against Germany's policy of sea ruthlessness is felt to beadequately driven home by the serious step short of war that this country-should take.kets at an advanced price. blew all day long, piling the snow inFord & Co. have on exhibition m the drifts and causing. the streets to beshow windows of their hardware store desertedon Main street, a remarkable sped-. Yesterday the weather clerk got real er vested in me to convene the Gen- Commonwealthanen of "freak tobacco" that has been angry and sent the mercury tumblinr eral Assemblv on extraordinary occa-! (Signed)attracting a great deal of attention down to six hclow zero. Two men sions. I. as Governor of the Common-'The toba-cco, which is of Uie red bur- wj10 iia(i driven in frojn North Mid-, wealth ot Kentucky, issue this, my.ley type, was taken from a crop aietown camo in to the Fordham proclamation, convening you in extragrown on the farm of Mr.Wm. S. Hall, Hotel with thrir ears frostbitten, ' ordinary region at the seat of govern-'near Kiserton. and were taken to the office of a ment in Frankfort, at twelve o'clock ;The tobacco has grown in a sort Oi. physician nearby where they received noon, on Wsn'oday, February 14."Siamese twins" growth, with one nnedical attention. One of them said 1917, for the sole purpose of consider-stem from wnicn two penect ieavei tne Worst was ; et to come, as lie na:have grown, both joined by a web- to go to Danville, and then drivelike growth to about one-tihird of their tweive miles in the country,length. The lower parts of the leaves Prozen watl.r pipes and lessen,'are free from each other only the pressurp caused general discon,-steon holding them together at th ff)r(. -n honsUlolds and businesstop' ,. , 1 , i, T3,.i, Tn houses, and employes shivered an-lIn the sale held at the Bourbon To- cold oierced then.haceo Warehouse Thursday, one 01 . V,M.., ,o;Q,i QnHv cnthe finest crops sold, and one that re aU dnv Thg ,ntense col(Iceived a great deal of attention fro-n eJ -flt sufferi among tne pcorc. ,the bidders was that of Mr I. D. c)asses 10 ., fre in prepared to mee-Thompson, of near Pans Mr Thomi tfce suddeu -n tfniperaturson's crop comprised 12, 9o lbs., auu Charitable peopIe di(1 all they could lo-brought an average of ?2o.i2. It a- di.i'.ress, but still many, ftnmnminPfi hv exnerts to have been . , ;one of the best crops raised in the -countyduring the season and its uii-iusual average, near the $30 imarn. 1brought it in far ahead of what seem Ied to be more promising ciuijs..'aag$oatTi5ME KNOW HOWYOURHEALTHANNOUNCEMENT.. Ttlie following Bourbon county grow' ers disposed of their crops on the LexS HE IMPORTANT THAN MONEYSURE CURE FORCOLDS AND COUGHS.Red Cross Cold and Grippe Rented:is guaranteed. For sale by(6-2t) VARDEN & SON.To the Democrats of the 2Sth Senatorial District of Kentucky:In annoup' . my candjdacy for:f, mori-ot- T.ur.ien C. Terrill, C- Senator in tins district, composed or70 pounds at $22.26; John Lyons, 2,- the counties of Bourbon, Clark andjg390 pounds at $22.05; J. H. Bell, S.- Motomery. I am mindful of the re-,230 pOUndS at $iO.OO; V;ilLt cc riuu- sponSlOllliy rtb well us tiie m&u ;iunutkett, 6,245 pounds at .1.FORMER NEWSPAPER MANBURNED TO DEATH.PRECAUTIONS AGAINST ANOTHER BREAK IN PIPE LINE.1 if plans that are now .being workedout by the Central Kentucky NaturalGas Co., turn out successfully, it willbe next to impossible for another suchcompltete shut-off of the natural gassupply to Paris and other towns 1:1Central Kentucky, such as occurredseveral days ago.The company has announced at allits oifices that it is preparing to laytwo permanent gas mains across thepoint over Slate Creek, in Montgomerycounty, wheie the recent break occurred, converting the two lines intothe main trunk on both sides of thocreek, and with a valve which in caseof a break or washout on either line,might be used to turn the flow into theother. The pipes will be screw-jointedin the most stahle and permanent inauner, and laid within a concrete breakwater. Permanent repairs have beencompleted on the line and the connection with the temporary line was madewithout the slightest inconvenience tothe patrons of the gas company.which ccme-5 with such a preferment.The interests of the people of thii.J State can be best served, in my opin-Jlion, by: ! 91 First: A revision of our present sys-'tern of taxation, which would cause ailt , r. 1 f nna nrori ifiiv- property, both real and personal, to 9! Mr. John Robert Garret aged An Jone, known to his ll increase in the present tax on whiskynewspaper business n ian jears ago as imnosition of a tax on coal g'Commodore, was burned to death proporties would be a substan-vhen his clothes caught fire from an direction, and the ad-open grate at his home m Mt. Ster- ditionaf revenue from thege sourcer Jlin. Saturday. ninnaay. ; 1,,, would render possible a reduction ofMr. Garret was a pioneer m the buPrdensome tos on rea: Jnewspaper business, for many ears 2being owner and editor yf the GW1gSS?dly: The suttmission of antown ty11! "amendment to the Constitution which 5He was torn erly Pohce Judge in Mt. proWnIt the (manufacture and SSterling, ' County Clerk 0 sale 0f intoxicating liquors. The peo- JMontgomery count .He is le should not be denied their obvious ,by two sisters, Mrs. Luc Gay, of Cla.k 1 Question at thecounty, an Miss Nancy uarreu, u. -"lieSt7I)0Ssible timeSterling. Mi. Garret was well known earhert - Umeto me old.T seneration io : Pans . peo; admini3tration cf public affairsS8' hln3 to SfnSl'and the appropriations for the variousiieie. i.uv uvjvaj . - - cioa incHtutinnc anri for the strict-town, where it was interred in tne accolintInir f' the expenditure ofGeorgetown Cemetery beside the body ,of his wife.FEBRUARY COURT DAY.saitne.If I am elected, I pledge myself tca faithful discharge of my obligationsjas your Senator.very respectfully,ABRAM RENICK.The Bruce Miller farmof 1 22 acres, near Paris,wiU be sold at auctionThursday, Feb. 3. Secdescriptive advertisement on page 2 of TheKentuckian-Citizen.TEACHERS'MEETING.7Paris has seldom worn a more desolate appearance on "County, Court iDay" than it did yesterday. There'was no stock on the' market, no trading, and tne tew larmers no qui ; Tne gtudv Qf Community Civics""come to town' came mostly to rene; wM le'ted Saturday by the schooltheir supplies, to hear the latest ar ieachers of Bourbon C0Unty at thenews, and then hurried back to Lie meetin held in the office of Miss Ma.comfort of their own firesides. It was )Ql Robbin County Superintendenta dreary, desolate day, the intense of School i:i the conrt house. At thecold and .bitterly cold wind driving meetings to be held in the future, theeveryone from the streets to shelter. , subjects to be taken up for 8tudy willThere was little or no business trans- ;be "Agriculture," "Country Life" andacted in any line. rj "Country Schools."Protect Your Health and YouWill Have Both.DUOfOLDUNDERWEARthe kind that is not too heavy, but is made with alight layer of cotton next to the skin and anotherlayer of fine woven Australian wool on the outside, which does not serai ch and irritate the skin,but prevents the cold from penetrating through thegarment. It does not leave a damp moisture between the skin and the undergarments. This isone of the principal causes of colds. The bodybecomes chilled from the moisture and many deepcolds and cases of grippe start in this way. WearDuofold Health Underwear, the only safeguardagainst sickness. We have all sizes, both in unionsuits and two-piece garments. $3.50 and $4.00.ttp & BlaRemoiBExclusive Agency For the NettletonPine Shoe.'i!Vt1A, eFAGE TWOTHE BOURBON NEWS, FARISiTKY:TOB6DAY, FIBRtURY , if!7.-I !jThe Bourbon News : T VEstablished 188135 Years oftlnuous Publication.Con-Published Every Tuesday and Friday.Year ?2.00 Six Months. .$1.00Payable in Advance.VlFT CHAMP, Editor and Owner.MILLERSBURGHISTORY OF MILLERSBURG.(Continued from Tuesday)At the tune the writer came toMillersburg the citizenship o the towswas passing from one period to an'UntiarAri at thfi Paris TCnntnnkv .other.Postoffice as Mail Matter of UieSecond Class.)ALL CHILDREN LOVE"SYRUP OF FIGS" FORLIVER AND BOWELS.!i5Sfe. ? f&i 3Wik.ProfcSSioii&I C&rdS ! 4"M mm MnnHiimiiHiiiimniHiiiMiiiGive It When Feverish, Cross, Bilious,For Bad Breath or SourStomach.Bourbon Building &Loan AssociationIN REAR OF BANKEntrance on Fourth StreetL.ook at the tongue, mother!A large number of the old cit- coated, it is a sure sign that your lit-izens wioi tneir lamnies naa moveci llc w"c oluiuuuu, iiver aim uoweisfrom here to various parts of tin neea a gentle, thorough cleansing atworld and an influx of new citizens , once.Iwfirp rnnidlv takiiier their Dlaces when peevish, cross, listless, pale.Any erroneous reflection upon thejPrior to tllis tne town jia(j ueen noted doesn't sleep, doesn't eat or aot natu-character, standing or reputation ot' iargeiy for its aristocracy. Much of rally, or is feverish, stomach sour,any person, firm or corporation which' tujs ia(j broken down some, had been breath bad; has stomach-ache, sore3oay appear in the columns of THE reiegalcd to the rear, while others throat, diarrhoea, full of cold, give aBOURBON NEWS will be gladly cor-lliad gone to various parts of the world teaspoonful of "California Syrup orrecte"d if brought to attention of the 1o Dejrjn nfe anew. The new inhaLi- Figs," and in a few hours all the foulDR. WM. KENNEYIf Eye, Ear, Nose and Throat.ROOMS 403-404.PHONE 136.WM, GRANNANAtlorneyatLawROOMS 401-402.editor.foodEDITORIAL MUSINGS.Qtants. manv of them, were not famil constipated waste, undigestediar with the atmosphere and environ- and sour bile gently moves out of itmeats which characterized a town like little bowels without griping, and yoiMillersburg, but they soon caught the: have a well, playful child again.fever of ambition, and with the experi- oil needn t coax sick children toences of the citizenship of the past, take this hanniless "fruit laxative,'were filled with tihat determination to they love its delicious taste, and it albring this little country town into uays makes thc(m feel splendid,sfneihinsr sreater than she had hith- Ask your diuggist for a 50-cent bo.-The Problems of Retail Trade. Prf0 known. tie of "California Syrup of Figs,"y n w TTmi'ivfl wbn ivnc ono f.f llicill has dirnr.tinriK fnr linhins. pftii-1113 development 01 a lorce 01 saci-'ou eSoive citizcns and ,,as resid. dren of all ages and for growll.up,people, capable of rendering intelligent hore al the t. the writer came inly printed on the bottle. Bewareand competent service to the public, is h gc wag the first to lav a ol counterfeits sold here. To be surepernaps tne oiggest anoDiem uie lul; 1 concrete sidewalk. Others soon caugbt you get the genuine, ask to see thacnuiu nas lu uai iui. 11 kaww JUO'' the fever andLUC OillUC lit V OtUlC im.lllfc, uut. "'- I .-VrnnREMOVAL NOTICEThe firm of Hutchcraft & Cline. afcou torney, has been dissolved, Mr. Hutchcraft retiring. Mr. Cline will continuethe business of the above firm and ca:be found in his new offices on thefourth floor of the First National BankBuilding. (jan30-lmo)NEWSPRINT PAPER TOO HIGHFOR ONE-CENT PAPERSI .'.1ITts.AgcncySTACY - ADAMSSHOES$7-oo and $7-50mer,AlP.VJlttflpr Smith n nnnor minnf.i., in the following sum- it is made by "California Fig Syrup turGr; addressing a newspaper con1 were busy taking up Company Refuse any other kind ference, in Chicago, said that in hijthe old pavements and relaying in con- with contempt.(adv)So nicely did this this wor'consider- touched on the factors of increasedor two clerks as in the bigger establishments. Every one of tbese con-1cerns is a business school, in which 1constant training hiship is proceeding. As a result tncxo. .. vomimtR trmRf ilf, taken own AnK i,fti, o ci5 ,i-i "7 Vi," ""., r:' ,, .. IvV ,":"i nrt nlarp whrp the nublic trets a' . ; , , - -, C . t.m ., , b" union tusi ut lauu iiiiu muLtiimia wincn, neas no piace wn re uie puuui. b- Mnin trnpt nnd rplaid in brick nnw thnt hna loon invonfn.i : ,n;,i i,,i r,i u t.. ' ..irl Tiolnfnl sprvicp i "' w 1 ' " . . , .. "" " ""w "" "" "-. . ouiu, nau aucvicu lihj iiiaxiuiauLUi li Olor concrete. In order to induce uie France. paper.nannlrt tr Inv tllfm 111 PntlOTPrfl T.ll. , . . . ..: n..-,ir- i WCVI1 -J '-" , ..---1 . rift ri frnnri ..iiri. riJiiiiirfv txii.iiii' I -f J Lu ' nWM ll A&. A vk&. fw...to add up 2hijopinion the price of print paper never Taerain would reach a uoint w-hioli wnnltl ' 3!iUUUUI, 111 "i-il i a..-i. ,i.. m rt...Jl nnr,.- . ., , . . , ..." -. .j.ftnfi coipemnii.' PrKress iuul uiu iuu uuuv;ii yaai.- tol:eei n0OKs carneu on a revolving justity one-cent newspapers. Hec o Tociiit tiio-,6" an oramance to tne euect uiat an arum pulverize the soil to a imore intelligent and helpful service jthan in a town of the type of this.Take Advantage of These Pricesand Save Money.HARRY LINVILLE!t" .i nri.ttnrl in rnr 9? npr PPTlt nf t(:thing more tilian ability to add up 2 , ' . ,,RdllctGd fro tavGS.column of figures or quote prices, me . .' wnc sn fnlinWftll hv th onen.clerk must be intelligently informal ,?"1 ,, r" ." ,i .'. :He should read tradoclerk must ne intelligent " , side 3treet and investors sooabout the various lines of goods Uiatj Uieir way tQ Trigg avenUGf anJhe is handling.papers and keep his eyes open in thenewspapers to get helpful infonnatioiiabout his line.The intelligent clerk gives a dependable impression as to what kind ogoods are most durable and most satfactory- He can also tell what kindof material is best suited to the purchaser's tastes, habits, manner of living and associations. A purchaseMQemuMamui.uu, bcingILStnw or; Mayor Trotter was a goodJUaL 1IL ncai i,wi.g u-o auo ..almost like (magic this street was builtup from end to end, there being a ic a'squares of vacant lots in the ceu'.e.The citizens soon went before theLegislature, and had Millersburg placed on tihe list of fifth-class cities.wiiip.li entitled her to a Mayor an 1City Council.lion. Levy Trotter, now of Lexington, Kv., was the first Mayor of Mil-;Iersburg. The race was a not one, msMclntyre. jelectioneer, Imifl lieimr scraewhat of a ward ponu-cneap at anj price. j knew well how lo control theIn a town like this the force of sales- teIn votGrs. Anibitions began topeqple are of "a permanent character. rise hi her and a commercial CluSAs feNv changes as possible are made, organized, which, unfortunately,and tfie better positions are apt to Le w but few meetings and was distilled oy promouons irom luu iue. banded. The question of waterworks rlODS in tae same oujie. iub piupi;give personal attentionof instructing clerks.to'?,r!" for a fong time was in everybody'sThismind, and for a time it looked asetorswork or instructing cierK. imb tuu . .oro nintr tn them.builds up a force of people who are aRer employing a skiiled engineercapable of rendering a high degree ol for the urpose ot- ,raaking estimatesintelligent sen-ice. and of helping cus- . tna vh to the statctomers make purchases tnat win ce laws we could not float a bond issuopermanently satisfactoryThis is the kind of thing that thecustomer misses when he goes awayfor the amount of money necessary tobuild the waterworks. Coupled withthe waterworks question was that ofto buy in some distant aty or seudo electric lightSf whicllf however, wasrn a retail oraer nouse. mere is .tlack, of intelligent service, the salesforces are less permanent, less intelligent about their goods, and they make T:rt.,: ,'w110 particular effort to fit the purchase A fewyears10 uie cusiuiuer.realized during the years of 1911-1912,and we now have one of the best lightsystoms of any small city m Centi.ilPAPE'S DIAPEPSINFOR INDIDIGESTION ORago Butler Addition,!.... . i m a 1 a. 1.1... '1 men is not a part 01 uie town, uui nui outside suburb, was opened. Several 1nice residences have gone up. A lit'tle later another suburb, Judyvillc.Insuuk, auiu a.umun.(Was alg0 opened these botn revolving,uc i wprp nrnund nne central nart ofNo Dyspepsia, ,,.., , T n, oof fi. ,,QOT.c nlrth .UlUUI&UUlg. Ill tllC linoo i. JW" "-Five Minutes.Heartburn or Any fctomach Misery.town has placed Main street in first-1class condition, until now it is assmooth as any boulevard. Both sides Iof Main street are pavel in concrete jor brick, from beginning to end, as is iVine street and Trigg avenue, withbut few exceptions. Aftr the spiritof progress had struck the town, wcrealized the necessity of doing what Iwc could to protect property froirlosses by fire, hence the town order-!ed the building of a number of lirecisterns on all tne sircts. mescjThe town ordered a hand fire engine, wbirh was opea few yearsSour, gassy, upset stomach, indigd-s-tion,heartburn, dyspepsia; when thefood you eat ferments into gases andstubborn lumps; yoirr head aches andyou feel sick and miserable, that'swhen you realize tlie magic in Pape'sDiapepsin. It makes all stomach misery vanish in five aiinutes.If your stomach is in a continuousrevolt if you can't get it regulated.please, for your sake try Pape's Dia- hayc beenhlcreasedpepsin. It's so needless to have a . . . fl .bad stomach make your next meal a , . cnoccfll11v rnv4o..m- t-nsA rnQol tlion tal'i o litftP ... . iium.c 1.UW ura.y v"v. -.- - .. This did noL satlsly our people, anu aDiapepsin. There will not be any d.n- vearg latpr a steam engine wa3tresseat without fear. Its because ordeiTed ln lhc past two years thePape's Diapepsm "really does regu., bvstem has been still bettei.late weak, out-of-order stomachs theft equipped bv tne addition of anothergives it its millions of sales annually. . sUam engine which now gives two inGet a large fifty-cent case of PapcS d workin& ordei.t and also a chemDiapepsin from any drug store. It is -cal en ine Tnere are sufficient ladthequickets, surest stomach relief and jders tQ ascend the heights ot anycure known. It acts almost like magic , buildin- in town. while the fire de-it is a scientinc, aiarmiess ana pieat,- j partJlient is a voluntary one the townjuit awmauu iicxcwii . jprovjdes thtfm with coats anu capsbelongs in every hdme. (adv) and e , modern convenience.The city is well equipped with telephone service, the Bourbon Home andthe Cumberland both operating exchanges here. Shortly after the telephone systems began reaching out fcthe smaller town work, both of them('started for Millersburg, the Cumberland being the first to erect its line3.The town was much wiser than manyof our surrounding neighbors. Whenthe Cumberland Telephone Companyasked for the privilege of runningtheir lines through Millersburg. Thetown granted this at once, but refiicpri to crant them the exclusive-franchise asked for, go that whenftliejHome Company was organizeu miei,and with their appeal, the franchisewas also granted them.The town was never in a healthiercondition, morally, spiritually, physically or progressively. Millersburg islooking out and reaching out for everygood thing that may come our way.We are not after anything else nordo we want anything else. Our citizenship is good and of a high standard,nothing else is welcome and nothingelse "'ill feel at home here very long.(To Be Continued.) .(Other Millersburg on Page S)STIFF, SORE MUSCLES RELIEVEDCramped muscles or soreness following a cold or case of grippe are easedand relieved by an application ofSloan's Liniment Does not stain theskin or clog the pores like mussy ointments or plasters and penetratesquickly without rubbing. Limber upyour muscles after exercise, drive outthe pains and aches of rheumatismneuraliria. lumbago, strains, sprainsand bruises with.Get a bottle to-day.25 cents.You TonJt Have, To Stoop.s If You Use aGARLANDCabinet Range.K B MBffApvft& l"Kk'"4iJ-3fc XmA beautiful line of Garlands on display. Come In and look them ovsr.ParisOas & Electric Co. ISldan's LinimentAt all Druggists,A Southern . k gv 'Makes a . 1 1 JljIrew a' a IQIm Mm . m miSftw " '&'V1: .'&&' ':&-?f- Ji:''' z:'-'':&:- 'cr&'.'&&MmI was real tickled today I made a newfriend. And now you bet you, he's sometickled, too.You see, he is a mighty good fellow sonof a big planter has bundles of .money;can buy anything he wants. And heknows all about tobacco!He vas telling around that he would givea heap for a cigarette that just hit hissmoke taste. So I had them wrap me upand I went to the rich planter man."Sir, I am a real cigarette," I said. "I amsure you'll like me. I have good blood inmy veins. I am of fine Virginia andCarolina stock and was raised in a clean,wholesome home. I am a gentleman ofquality the Quality of the South."So the planter's son tried me and he likedme, because-You Folks of the South KNOW good blood!You Folks of the South KNO good tobacco!Now my planter's son and I we're real friends. He buys me regularly, and he tellseverybody that you can't buy a better cigarette than SOVEREIGN at any price!Why can't I be your friend, too? And, remember this1 am guaranteed by .--o .r3 15uy me.If you don't like me return me to your dealer and getyour money back. I have said it. A Southern gentleman is knownz the world over for keeping his word, and i have given yon mine.FOB M2S &&&TBM3A8i PiXTHEjcia cm&m, aeessr MMttXiL 1tia 1m1 t-i ' -JIS'TUESDAY, FEBRUARY G, 1917.THE BOURBON NEWS, PARIS, KY.PAGETHRMhwtt&&ST4?Safest Druggists Sell E-RU-SA Pile CureBECAUSE it contains no opiates, no lead, no mercury, no Belladonna, no poisonous drug. All other pile medicines containing theabove named harmful drugs cause piles, and the sale of same isillegal. E-RU-SA cures piles, or 50 forfeited. For sale byG. S. VARDEN & SON (The Rexall Store)and ARDERY DRUG CO.(jan30-6t-T)SOCIAL AND PERSONAL.Comings and Goings of OurPeople Here, There andElsewhere.twin Bros. Dcpamnem store ISiwntft ana main Sts. Paris, HcntucKyiimmIsGREAT REDUCTIONOn Ladies andChildren'sSuits, Cloaks,Skirts,Waists, Etc.ITwinBros.Oep'i StoreOmmmQOQUIQV9C900Miss Agnes Walsh is visiting Mrs.M. A. Bowden, in Newport. .Mrs. W. C. McCracken has returned from a visit to relatives in Lexington. Mrs. Harry E. Foster is visitingMrs. Fithian Shipp and other relativesin Lexington.Mrs. Rudolph Davis has returnedfrom a visitr to her mother, Mrs. MaryKowse, in Carlisle.Mrs. W. A. Johnson is at homefrom a visit to her sister, Mrs. FrankAllen, in Sharpsburg.Miss Charlotte Blaydes has returned to her (home in Bagdad, Shelbycounty, after a visit to her sister, Mrs.Harry Stamler.Mr. Edward Statelier, formerly ofParis, and now located in Lexington,has returned to his home, after a visitto his brother, Mr. Harry Stamler.Mr. Coleman Renick, who is attending Center College at Danville,was a guest of his parents, Mr. anlMrs. B. M. Renick, on Duncan avenue,from Friday to Monday.Mr. Teddy Mackey, of Columbus,0., Mrs. Mayme Fitzgerald and Mrs.Annie Cannon, of Cincinnati, areguests of Mr. and Mrs. Jack Woodb,on Eighth street. Mr. Woods continuesvery ill.Mr. and Mrs. Otis Ballou, who havebeen residents ot Paris for somemonths, have onoved to "Lexington,where Mr. Ballou ilias accepted a position in the office of the C. L. RyleyCoal Company.Miss Mary Adams Talbott was thehostess last week to a merry party ofyoung -people at a week-end houseparty. Miss Talbott entertaino'l intheir honor Friday night with a dinnerparty and on Saturday night entertained them wita a dining and card partyThe guests were: Misses FrancesFord, of Georgetown; Clara Coleman,of Mississippi; Fay Harris, of Tennessee, and Margaret Ferguson, ofFaris., iMmmmmmmmmmmmiimmmmmmIRSfOTMwiifliPIIIIHIIBISSRead what Daisy Baker's Mothersays aoout nome-Maae nreaaand how much she can save onher household expenses.V:v.-11303tM isread!enService FirstThe City has added a new Fire Truckto its equipment to provide adequate andefficient protection to you.The County has built modern roads forvour convenience, safety and comfort andto provide an efficient means of travel andtransportation.The Home TelephoneCompany has added a new Truck toits equipment, which, with its other two,will provide an efficient means of caring forthe plant which furnishes modern telephone service.Have you' a HOME PHONE? Join themodern procession. Call contract department now.(Other Personals on Page 5)MR. CAYVOOD ANNOUNCESFOR SCHOOL SUPERINTENDENTParis Home Telephone 8 Telegraph Co,(Incorporated)J. J. VEATCH, Lristrict Manager.W. H. CANNON. THOMAS HL UMITH,Equipment Manager. Cashier.If you could only actually secit, smell it and taste it!Yes, I baked it myself. It'svery little trouble and it's lotsbetter than I can buy.Then too, it means a bigsaving. I am cutting downon my meat bills because thefamily is eating so much morebread. They seem to like itbetter than the more expensive foods. . ..Even if I were not saving onmy other bills, I am still saving almost half on the breaditself.. V im'';'1You can do the same thing. It's notlhard. All you need is a good recipeand a good flour. . :wS,lKQf-tjttv'J3 Jj'rThe flour that I use is wonderfully'easy to work with. It's made in Ohioright in the Miami Valley where thesoft winter wheat has an unusual quality on account of the rich limestonesoil. It's good for everything, and itgives a most delicious nutty flavor toyour baking. Take my advice and tryWilliam TellFlourhiSee how much better your baking willbe and see how much you can save IYou will like William Tell better than. any other flour you ever used. . .yVilLLTAM TELL FLOUR is sold under a Trifle Guarantee.gt It bears the Ohio Better Flour Label and is Guaranteed by thev. mill that makes it and by the grocer who sells it. - -i 11 IfitHH Til ir..J.A--.-. . . .... .K;.4r&Mrs. Edward A. Ray, of West Haven, Conn., has a piece of weddin?cake that she has preserved ever sinceher marriage, sixty-four years ago.EVi"Toss of a Coin" SaleNOW GOING ONUnheard-of Bargains InMen's and Boys'Suits and OvercoatsuAoeSj &atsand furnishingsDon't Miss This Sale! "Savethe Difference!"TWINClothing and Shoe DepLBROSL. WollsUin, Propi i MMMiMARDI GRASEeb.15-20, 1917New Orleans, La. Mobile, Ala.$23.00 Round Trip $20.45 Round TripFROM LEXINGTONSOUTHERN RAILWAY SYSTEMTickets on sale for use on Febrauary 12, 13, 14, 15, 16, 17, 18 and19 Good returning to reach Lexington prior to midnight, March 2,"Privilege of extension to March 19, 1917, on deposit of ticket andpayment of fee of $1.00.t?m ttrVpta and full Information apply toH. C LH3NC? pSwewr & Ticket Agent, Lexington, Kentucky.I wish to announce myself! a candidate for the office of Superintendent. rl.1 n..l.ri f-. !- .intinii rf tillUL OlillCJUIO, &UUJCI.I iu uis v-"" " jDemocratic party m tne primary ui, August 4.j A great many of you know me. Iam determined, before many monthshave passed, that all of you shall. Welean know only by personal contact.Those of you who do not know me,tmay I ask that you do not pledgeyour support to any one until I havemade your acquaintance and you knowsc$ne,tning of my hopes and aspirations, something of my ambitions fort Bourbon County? ,Born in tihe mountains of Kentucky,being a cripple and reared on a farm,1 1 received my early education at home,and in the public schools tnere.I attended the BoonevilleVcademvtwo years, afterwards two years atSue Bennett Memorial School, then finished a bookkeeping course at Bryanand Strattan, of Louisville, and oneyear at Eastern Kentucky Normal.In 1907 I taught my first school onemile of Booneville, in Owsley County..1 atterwards taught successfully tour'more schools in that county, the last' ,..!,, !, woo n n frmded school. I' then went to Madison county, and !taught three schools. !I moved to Bourbon county three,years ago and have been living hereever since, teaching my first schoolin the county at Ruddles Mills, next"at the Palmer school, in wlncn i am'of tVin nrpsmit time.At the urgent request ot menusand because of an earnest longing tosee the educational interest or ourmnntv advance. I have decided to bc-icome a candidate for Superintendent.There is within me a burning desire. ji 1-1 e Vlo rtnnntv TTIOflR.to see tne su4iuui& ui i" wum-j -w-!ure up to, yes, more than that, to sur: pass those of any county in this Stateland indeed, those of any other State.ILet us go forward. jrne scuuuia j. imo .&"- .,..my zeal in my work. I call you towitness, friends, that into them I haveput my whole life. I shall not do ler.sfor my county. I cannot do more.So far .as it is within my power I shallo-ivn tr flverv interest of the schooipjmy personal attention. The purchasing ot fuel, rurnisnings uuu Bujime.?,I the letting of bids for buildings andrepairs everything shall bo doneI with an eye single to your interest asi find makes me see it Each year shallShave higher ideals must see someimprovements some progress maue.Fellow citizens, we have donexnitoh we have gone forward. ButJ ! there is (more to be done. We mustI press on. Jn accompiisnment oi tnebuthings, I pledge you every ounce ofstrength i possess, wnatever numtjis jmine. In the forward march makeme your leader.J. B. CAYWOOD.While the mule will continue to bothe standard dratt animal in the Southa gradual substitution of heavy horseson the farms is going on.A GOOD INVESTMENTsays M. D. Reynolds, Madison, Wis..'who states: "I had rheumatism nineteen years; used three boxes ofTF ZZ WiRHRHEUMATIC POWDERSand have thrown away crutches." Youcan afford to try them. Sold only Lyus, 50c and $1.00.OBBRDORFER,The Druggist, Paris, Ky.PELES! PILES! PILES!WILLIAMS' INDIAN PILE OINTMENT"C7H1 euro Blind, Bleedlnt? and Itching Piles. !Jt aosoros tno tumors, auaja ncninp ut once,cats as a. poultice, gives inBtant relief.Fcr sale by all druggists, mail 50c and S1X0.WILLIAMS MFG. CO., Props., Cleveland, OhioOBERDORFER, The Druggist.ON DECEMBER 1stThe business of Prlchard & Ballwas taken over bylisPIdoritTicsitanrvouli Iklektc!-HiivlL'OMinq 5ureasyate 1'v. s7&;?-spr.The Atlantic hecomes- an extensiv.oRtiiiiotmoaa'in "Rritish evea after a Ger-!mn raider ecapea froin the NorthWELL, that snowstorm's coming (orthat snow storm'shere) and you'd better getin that ton of coal your furnace is yearning for. Thereis only one way to get comfort in the winter timebuy it by the ton.FOX RIDGEHot StuffW. C. D0DS0N$ Emm mmmwho will conduct said business inthe future. All parties knowingthemselves indebted to the abovefirm willPlease Call and Settle!1 PRLCHARD & BALLtGor. Fourth and Pleasant St: .Both Phones 66 PARIS, KEMTUCHOrtiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiitiMHiiiiiiinmniiiii,im1mv. ?it1!1txItr4Na wSt AhPAGE FOURTHE BOURBON NEWS, PARIS, KY.TUESDAY, FEBRUARY 6, 151T,MIMOVEMENT FOR IBETTER MAIL SERVICEA movement, which, if it comes Loa. successful conclusion, will 'meanraucih. to the merchants and citizens.generally, of Millershurg, Carlisle amiMaysville, has been started in Carlisle,having for its ultimate object a changein the mail service schedule on UipLouisville & Nashville between Parisand those points.The movepnent is being fosteredand prcpnoted by Postmaster A. B. Tilton, of Carlisle, who is making an effort to have all Jaiail northbound carried on the noon train after March 1The southbound mail, instead of beingcarried on the 2:18 train, would becarried on the train leaving Carlisleat 5:00 p. m thus making closer connection for Millershurg and Paris.Under the present system, the afternoon mail for Paris, which leavesMaysville, Carlisle and Millershurgearly in the afternoon, is carried toParis and remains here, the mail destined for Lexington being iheld herothree hours, -reaching there about 6: SOo'clock. Under the new arrangementmail for Paris and Lexington will getto its destination ahead of the oldschedule time. The morning schedule between Paris and Millershurgalso needs looking after, as the new?letter from our Millershurg correspondent, which ought to reach us onthe first morning train, is often earned by, and does not coyue back uutllate in the afternoon, often too late t-secure publication.PARIS BOWLING LEAGUE.MME. SARAH BERNHARDT ATLEXINGTON OPERA HOUSE.The Curtis Henry & Co. team provedtoo stronc for the E'ordham Hotel teamin the race for honors at the Fordham ,Alleys Thursday night, and came outvictors by a majority of 87 pins. Forthe Fordhami team Thomas rolled a remarkably good game, getting a scoreof 202 in the third game, and 1S7 inthe first game, gaining both first andsecond honors for his team. For thewinners Faulkner stood high man, having 181 to his credit in the first gam,with Harper following a close secondwith 180 in the second game. Thescore follows:FORDIIAM HOTEL.1 2 3Jones 122Swearengen 135Deter)uan 114Kane 132Thomas 18711614211615515815715313316020257 812Totals 690 687CURTIS HENRY & CO.1 2 3Faulconer 181 148 ISOShankland 133 171 143Harper 139 189 136Lvtle 154 150 143Henry 134 155 163Totals 741 804 731Curtis Henry & Co. Totals 2276Fordhapn Hotel Totals 2189Curtis Henry Majority87BUILDINGS ON OLDFAIR GROUNDS SOLDHOUSEBREAKERS ARE HELDTO THE GRAND JURY.On Friday, February 9, at the Lexington Opera House the last appearance is announced of the world's greatest artiste, Mme. Sarah Bernhardt,fresh from new triitnphs at the Empire Theatre, New York City, wherefor several weeks, acting as high asten performances a week, she electrified the big city, and the man-el of if.all is the entire indifference tihis terrible strain seems to have had upon herstrength and activity, she appearing inno less than four plays at each performance.Mme. Bernhardt will be accompanied by her own special company fromthe theatre, Sarah Bernhardt, Paris,and a singular coincident is, that herleading man this season, Jean Angelowho received special permission fromthe French Government to ;make thetour with Madame, is none other thantihe son of that Angelo who was herleading man when she first came iothis country in 1880.Each play to be presented will onembellished by the properties, scenery and costumes from her Paris theatre. The plays to be given are"Cleopatra," "From the Stage to theField of Honor" "Rosalie," and"Camille."The sale of seats will open Wednesday morning, February 7, at the BenAli Theatre. The prices will be:Lower floor ?2 and $2.50, balcony ?1,$1.50 and $2. Orders sent for seats U'Manager Scott if accompanied by a remittance and self-addressed envelopewill receive .prompt attention. (adv)The buildings on the old BourbonCounty Fair Grounds near Paris, whic'iproperty was recently purchased byMessrs. George W. Wilder. Henry 3Caywoodl and Edward H. Gorey; ofTaris, were sold at public auction Saturday, Auctioneer Geo. D. Speakesofficiating. .The ampitheatre was purchased, byMr George Williams Clay for $835.The other buildings comprising fivehorse stables, three cattle barns, twohog houses, one sheep barn, onekitchen, and four small ticket officesvere sold to Paris parties for an aggregate of ?1,400. The purchasers areobliged to remove the buildings at tne.-earliest possible momentMessrs. Wilder, Caywood & Goreypropose to subdivide the grounds intoseveral tracts, suitable for .buildinghomes, and have christened it Wildwood." This will be one of the mostattractive suburban additions to Parisyet put on the marketFARMER DIES SUDDENLY.I George Cravens and Ella Cravens,'white, were tried in Police Court, Friday, before Judge E. B. January, ona charge of housebreaking and burglary, and held over to answer at thenext meeting of the grand jury in theBourbon Circuit Court CharlesTroxle, giving his residence as Lexington, and implicated on the samecharge witn the Cravens, was nottried, but will probably be iheld as owitness against the pair.Cravens and the woman, who alleged she was his wife, were arrestedon a charge of breaking into the plantr.t the Paris Gas & Electric LightCompany and stealing a large lot r.fcopper wire, brass, lead, etc., which,was afterward recovered from a jun'cdealer in Georgetown, where it halbeen disposed of by the thievesTroxle confessed, implicating the Cravens. In default of bail the Cravenswere committed to the care of JailerJos. Farris.BARN BURNED.Shortly after returning from Shawhan with, a load of coal, Mr. Richard T.Edwards, a well-known farmer, dropped dead in the yard at Jiis home nearLair. Death was attributed to organic heart trouble.Mr. Edwards is survived by his seccud wife, formerly Miss Mary Kearn3,of Poindexter; one daughter, Mrs. NatLawrence, and four sons, Messrs. Newton, George, Joe and John Edwards.The funeral was held in Battle GroveCemetery, at Cynthiana, with servicesconducted at the grave by Rev. Jos.D. Armstead.i A large stock and tobacco barn belong'" ?. John R. Long, a prominent larnier of near Carlisle, wasdestroyed by fire about six o'clockFriday (morning. A large crop of tobacco, lot of farming implements, several head of stock, including a valuable jack and jennet and a colt sta1.lion, went up in the flames. Mr. Lone:was ill at Jiis home near Hooktown. atthe time and was not told of his lossuntil some time after. He is the father of Mr. Carl Long, of this county.The loss on the barn and its contentsamounted to several thousand dollars.partly covered by insurance.WAGON AND CAR COLLIDE.Mr. George Daniel, of Paris, is confined toxins home at Nineteenth anJMain streets, suffering from injuriesreceived in a collision between hiswagon and the city car of the Interurban line.Mr. Daniel was driving a two-horsewagon, returning from the Independent Tobacco Warehouse, where he hadbeen delivering a load of tobacco,when a collision occurred between thewagon and the car. The wagon waswrecked, Mr. Daniel being thrown tothe ground, receiving serious injuriesThe horses and the city car escapedwithout injury. Mr. Daniel was removed to his fliome, where he receivedmedical attention.APPOINTED DELEGATES.Mrs. Roy Clendenin and Miss ClaraBacon, of Paris, were appointed as delgates and alternate, respectively, torepresent the Progressive Culture Clubof Paris, at the District Convention ofthe Federation of Women's Clubs, atEminence to-day.Public SaleOFKMx Advance Styles InM WHIM w' Ui'ffifW rO1 WW nmFOR MEN'MnmtfLV-, map:'--'IrlnWbS.yj,-itasr trrviUnr' nr i -- i-v r .1 . i i i . 1 1 1Ijr iuukl HKjLU or wearing mat old nat you can drop in our snop toaay1 orH ok tha n4-kl-kf-kiAef- x Kof-s Ymi Trill Ko sioli rrhf-Arl rifl- tha efirloe ; frlVare shaped for the most fastidious dressers,The colors and combinations are new, coming in tans, greys, browns, lightand dark greens, greys and pearls, with the new fancy wide and narrow bands.THESE HATS ARE PRICED TO SUIT THE PURSEAND HAVE THE STAMP OF WALSH QUALITY !$2.00 $3.00If You Haven't Bought That NewOVERCOAT 12 We can show you a splendid assortment at special prices. Such values as 2$15.00 OVERCOATS FOR $11.50. and$18.00 OVERCOATS FOR $14.50are hard to beat and don't forget that we have better and cheaper ones atspecial prices.ImmmIR. P. WALSH:Main and Seventh The One Price Store Paris, KentuckyOn and AfterFEB; 1stI will assume my dutieswith Wilmoth & Co., ofwhich firm I am a partner.I will be glad to see allrriv friends in mv new nlace4 of business.IF YOU WANTTHE BESTCALL FORCARLIBATWILMOTHGrocery Go.Phone 376B-4 FIREInsure withW.O.H1NTON &S0N,AgtsTHOUGHT STEAM WAS SMOKE.' Warm air from the cellar of thebuilding at the corner of Main ancSeventh streets, occupied by C. S.Goldstein's department store, comincin contact with the outer frigid airFriday night, bore such close resemblance to smoke, suggesting the possibility of a dreaded cellar fire, that' some passer-by turned in an alarmfrom Box 18. The department re,sponded and upon investigation din-covered the cause of the trouble.Fire, wind and lightning in-j surance.Thomas, Woodford& Bryan.DRYING TOBACCO COTTONCAUSES SMALL FiRE.Tobacco cotton that has been plac-!ed to dry behind a kitchen range at!the home of Mr. H. Clay Hutchcraft,'Friday, caught lire causing an alarmfrom Box 33. The blaze set fire tothe wainscoating and burned a hole inUie roof. The blaze was extinguished by the department, with a smallproperty loss.BOURBON CIRCUITCOURT AFFIRMED.MflRGOLEN'SSPECIALS..For This Week,Cox & Gordon Pic-Nic Hamsper pound 18c24-pound sack Best Flourfor. $1.30Pure Hog Lardper pound 1 9cApplesper peck 40cCorn, Tomatoes and Peasper can 12 1 -2cThe judgment in favor of Mr. Harry'L. Mitchell against the L. & N. Rail'road Company has been affirmed byjthe Court of Appeals. Mr. Mitchellwas hurt in an accident in the yards'of the company in Paris about twoj years ago while he was in charge of axrain as conductor, wiui wmcii an engine coming from Winchester collided.Through his attorneys, Talbott & Whiiley and Robt B. Franklin, he broughcsuit in the Bourbon Circuit Court andrecovered a verdict for $20,000.00,which, with interest and costs, nowamounts to about $25,000.00.Mr. Mitchell and his family resideon Henderson street, and his manyfriends are glad to hear that his judgment was affirmed.MflRGOLEN'STHE SANITARY MEAT MARKETStock and FarmingImplementsHaving: sold mv farm. I will soil a!public auction, at my farm near Mt. iCarincl Church, on the Cynthianapike, onThursday, Feb, 22, 1917,beginning at 10 o'clock a. m. the following:100 head of ewes;25 grade Shortihorn yearling steersand heifers;5 registered Shorthorn cows andcalves;2 registered Shorthorn bulls;3 sows and pigs;6 gilts to pig;10 shoats;1 pair. three-year-old draft geldings;1 yearling draft gelding;1 three-year-old draft mare;1 one-year-old filly;1 extra buggy piare;1 20-horsepower coal oil engine;1 Ohio cutting box for filling silo;1 top-buggy;Farm implements of all kinds;Some household and kitchen furniture. TERMS All sums tinder ?20, cash;usual terms for all larger sums.J. M. SCOTT.(feb6-td)M. F. Renaker, Auct.!PublicSaleFORMER PARIS PASTORSTRICKEN BY PARALYSISA message to friends in this cit7from, Los Angeles, California, state!that Rev. J. O. A. Vaught, formerlypastor of the Paris Methodist church,and also of the churches at Carlisle,Millershurg, and at other points in theKentucky Conference, had suffered astroke of paralysis at the holme of hisdaughter, in that city, and that he wain a critical condition. The strokehad deprived him of the power ofspeech, and he was almost helpless.This is distressing news to the manvfriendf of this popular and able di'rlne, who knew and highly- esteemedhim during his residence here. IOFBourbon Co. FarmPuruaiit. to the power to sell andreinvest the property herein described expressly conferred upon me bythe will of my mother, Mrs. ElizabethB. Ranck, of record in the office ofthe Clerk of the Bourbon CountyCourt, in will Book T, page 253, rwill, onSaturday, Feb. 7, 1917,at the court house door in Pari3,Kentucky, at about the hour of 11o'clock a. m., expose to public salethe following lands lying in BourbonCounty, Kentucky, and fronting on theHawkins & Cummins Turnpike about7 miles from Paris:About o9 acres of land, subject Losurvey, fronting on said turnpike, adjoining J. H. Bell on the north andwest and D. M. Frederickson and Wllliaim Sageser on the south and saidturnpike on the east.TERMS.Said sale will be imade for onethird, cash, payable March 1, 1917,when deed will be delivered, balancein one and two years from March 1,1917, with interest from date, payableannually. For any further informationinquire of my attorneys, Talbott &Whitley.MRS. ELEANOR. M. WILLIAMS.(Feb6-9-13-16)mNOFP EVERY DOLLAR!ONLY SEVEN MORE SHOPPING DAYS OFOUR BIG CLEARANCE SALEIn Which to Buy Furniture, Rugs, Coal Cook Stoves, CoalRanges, Gas Ranges, Coal Oil Stoves, Dining RoomSuites, Chairs, Rockers, Bed Room Suites.In fact, everything that goes to make the home more cheerful and to meet everynecessity. Many have already taken advantage of this golden opportunity andWE invite YOU to visit our store within the next week before this sale is overas there is no other store that will surpass US in prices when it comes to quality.We are cutting prices, as you will readily see when you visit our store. Comeand bring the "Homekeeper:'' We will meet your pocketbook with Furniture thatare bargains during this sale.Dining Chairs, Leather Seat, Q. 0.were 3.00, now $2.50Dining Chairs, were $2.50, now $2.00Dining Chairs, were $1.50, now $1.25Dining Chairs, were $1.25, now $1.00Rockers, were $2.50, now $2.00Rockers, were $2.00, now $1.50Rockers, were $1.50, now $1.00Rockers, were $4.00. now $3,00Rockers, were $3.50, now $2.50Dining Tables, square top, 8 feet,were $10.50, now $8.25Dining Tables, square top, 6 feet,were $8.25, now $5.25Q. 0. Double Plank Top 8-FeetPedestaly was $40.00, now $32.00Q. 0. Double-Plank 45-inch Top 6-FeetPedestal, was $28.00, now $22 00Q. 0. Double-Plank 48-inch Top 8-FeetPedestal, was $35.00, now $27 00Q. 0. Double Plank 45-inch Top 8-FeetPedestal, was $28.00, now $20 00Plain Double-Plank 45-inch Top 6-Feet "Pedestal, was $22.00, now $18 WPlain 45-inch Plank Top 6-FeetPedestal, was $27.00, now $19 00E. M. WHEELER- EIGHTH AND MAIN STREETS1S"-",TUESDAY, FEBRUARY 6, 1917.THE BOURBON NEWS, PARIS, KY.PAGE FIV1VFOR THE BESTNOTHING ELSESOCIAL AND'PERSONAL. Metcalfe, Withers- Davis and BenEuckner; Thomas Lea, (Lexington.)Comings and Goings of Our' Mr- Jaclc 0wsley, who has beenl-k m-r . VOrV Oirlr l'rT tIq nor.- .-. iimnl-ireopie Here There and ; Ii iT.un uiiwe to to'outPARIS DEFEATS DANVILLE.fromat ah i. T7. iur- u- u- inompson, Jr., is quiteMrs. Albert Hinton is recovering ill Witli quinsy at the home of hisom a recent severe attack of grippe, parents, Mr. and Mrs. A. S. Thompson,l.&. j tMuw ouuiua ieit yesieruay on tne Ulintonville pike.for a visit (o friends and relatives m Mr mid Mrs Tnnio nnmrc wThe boys basket ball team of the New York Oty. host and hostess to the membersreieThe boys basket ball team of the iew ork Oty. host and hostess to the members otParis High School defeated the teaid Mrs. William A. Wilson, of Phila- the Country Bridge Club at their homefrom the Danville Hleh School in the delphia, is a euest of her niece. Mrs. tioot- pon p.m wunn ,,.o. oo..game at the Y. M. C. A. gymnasium Oscar T. Hinton. tables of players. A substivere sevengame at the Y. M. C. A. gymnasium Oscar T Hinton. tables of players. A substantial dint- - 1 ? 1- L 1 1. ... ...a - OIT 1 I i linn T . 1 12.. .. ITr -1 f fTl 1i'nuay nigut uy uiu atuie ul oo w w i "3a uuuiiu wuuu, ol xayiorsviue, ner preceded the games. 'Spencer county, is a guest of Mrs Mrs. Victor Whitridge left SaUK-'FOR SENATOR. I' rank Nichols, near Paris. day for a month's stay in Baltimore,'TT ..7" r, the Wife f Mr Thos w- Philadelpia, and the East, where sheWo are authorized to announce Hon. Allen, Saturday morning, at their homo win attend the openings at various 'Abram Renick, of Clark County, as a on Duncan avenue, a daughter. wholesale millinery establishments. Icandidate for State Senator from the ' Mrs. Sidney G. Clay and daughter j Mr. and Mrs. Charles K. Posncrcounties of Bourbon, Clark and Mont- Miss Alice Rogers Clay, are at Fort" will leave next week for Cincinnati,gomery, Buujctt w mc v,wv ,. .w ,ja, i-uu, iui um lciuauiuer ui to visit Air. rosner s parents, Air. andDemocratic party, at the State pri- the winter. aIrs A L p0sner. From Cincinnati,unary, August 4, 1917. Mr. and Mrs. J. J. Redmon have Mrs. Posner will g ) to Galveston, i. returned to their home near North Tpyss in visif linr nnrnnts Mr nnlMiddletown, after a visit to relatives. Mrs. I. Hauser.in r rauiiiuru(Other Personals on Pajre 3.)HOT WATER BOTTLE SALE.Special sale for one week rubberir metal.(G-2t) YARDEN & SON.FARM RENTED.BELOVED CITIZEN TO CELEBRATE NINETIETH BORTHDA'.-Mrs. John Farmer, of Brent strp.ptwho was operated on at the MassieMemorial Hospital last week, continues to improve.Mrs. H. L. Redmon and children,of Frankfort, arp. fnipsts nf Mr nun-. t -r o .i, ranomiv c.iiii Mrs. A. P. TCrvan nt thoir hnmo in Ninetv vears aeo to-dav. Mr. Genhis farm nnar Shawhan, and whose North Middletown. " ;W. Davis, one of the most belovedpublic sale of Implements, etc., is ad- Miss Evelyn Curry, of Harrods- citizens of Pans, lirst saw the light oi.vertised in THE NEWS, has rented bur. is a guest of her sister. Miss Ma- day, his advent on earth happening onthe 175-acre farm of Mr ' Bishop Hib riam Curry, at the home of Mr. and February (i, 1828. It is given to fewler located near Muir, for ?l,6l)0, and Mrs. R. B. Hutchcraft. .men to attain to such a ripe old age,will move to it in March. Mr. L. A. Soper and family, of Lit- and retain the love, esteem and re-1 tie Rock, have moved to tiie home en spect of his felloe -men, yet such aWEATHER PRDICTIONS .Twelfth street, recently vacated- by man is George W. Davis, whose long'Mr and Mrs. W. A. Beheler and fam- lUe has been one grand testimonial toThe Weather Bureau at Washington ' the virtues and blessings of right livsends out the following forecast foi Misses Lillie and Margaret Martin ing. His is a record of probity, honihr week besrinniii"- Sundav Febru nave returned to their homes in Car- csty and the faithful discharge ot;ZI .. to "' lisle, after a visit to Mr. and Mrs. every obligation imposed upon him inFor Ohio Yallev and Tennessee Margaret O'Neill, on South Main, his every walk of life. Living, he iGenerally fair; temperatures consider- street j an example wortJiy of qmulation byaSS below seasonal normal. Modem- -Mr. Jos. M. Hall, who has been all who would set a h gh mark as theirHon in temperature with probably one of the "shut-ins" for some days, ideal in business and social life. Allsnow for Wednesday and Thursday. , suffering from an attack of grippe, has honor to a anan such as George .I recovered, and was able to be on the .Davis!-rr mmuimictcp perjiTE streets yesterday.TO ADMINISTER ESTATE. "r . ..v, ,1TUf nT. AlT-o inn T Wnll rr flDnrfrotnu'n I ..Mrs. Kate Smith has been appomi- a.'l. Butler, of Lexington',od by the County Court as admiiu- . f vesterdav for a two-weeks' stav attratrix of the estate ot inos. r raf4inaiUt ,mii!in!1tratnx or tne estate oi . m. x Martilisvillet IndianaCrane. Mrs. b?mm quaiineu uy b- Misses Louise Steele and Gathering bond in the sum oi Wg;l "1 ine Wilson, and Mr. Fithian Arkle, ofW. M. Turney and W. H. NorthcoU pari aUended the dance given 1Qboth, of Cynthiana as sureties. Messr-n willchester PrIday n!ghtf by the BlkR.Chas. Fitliian Silas E. Bedford and Jun glAnna TT T'linTYlIKI WPrft aDOOintetl .-UMl C11VC iv. i . r r jto appraise tne estaie.BURN GAS AND BE HAPPY.The "grippe bug" is certainly busyin Paris these days. The recent warmspell, followed by the cold wave anda still colder wave, has given half thepeople of Paris deep colds, which havedeveloDed into erinDe. Physiciansor social liuu, in tne tiiKS rial1. ,,. i ,, Y,f 7, ,i,, 0,i nio-TirMrs. F. P. CamDbell. who has been ,have b,eeu k l Ll bTUday!.anL-i!?;... . .. ... . . answering cans, il is suiu uiuit; uic;ill for some time witui pnuscuiar rneu-, - , , papls andmatism and bronchitis, is improvin& Boilrbon countybjust at this partiCulaiDr. Campbell, who has been ill witn' . .. fnp ' .. nnsLnirrki anH hinnMifio ic nlcn iilTnrni'. 5 Jh' J'l'- """ .fcw, . '" "iw.THE "GRIPPE BUG.".... . . i J.-. ilin Irwiitr villiItS Uie CKCiipesi. Ill "v- aw& .-.- jngNo plumbing bill to pay. Water in lThe Tampa, Florida, correspondtilie stove back don't freeze, no tanKS enc(j Qf Sundav.s Courier-Jouma1to drain, no kindling to split, no asnes sayg. Mn and Mrs H M Dailey oCGOVERNMENT RAISES PRICESto uraui, iiu jvb - w.-, - says: iur. ana Airs. n. iu. uaixuy, iu :to carry out or coal to carry in. us.. PariSf Ky are among the latest arri 'gas and know what luxury is at a cobt valg at the piotel Bra(iford, Fortlace tVinn rnal.PARIS GAS & ELECTRIC CO., Inc(6-2t)POLICE COURT HAPPENINGS.Due to the paper famine the Government has advanced the price ofstamned envelopes from 28 cents totrn.,nw i cr nantc nop t Vimian rwl nponrnincr t.onit;cio. i " icj i- i...v.wv..v, ..www. 0Mr. J. Quincey Ward, of Frankfort. I grade, it was announced at the localwas in Pari?, Sunday. Mr. Ward was postoffice yesterday. Thousands ofon his way to Washington, D. C, on stomped envelopes are sold annuallybusiness connected witn tne is.entucKy at uie rans omce. iue inweasc uc" , r Game and Fish Coimission, of which comes effective at once and affectsIn the Police Court yesterua aitci- , .g Exec,:five Agent all sizes and qualities of Governmenti.r Tiwio-a "P! "R Januarv. l- i .i..,.tinnn iim n 4iuu "uuuu, u";,v . i"n,inntoli with the Mrs. uicnaru rasKer lownues, jr.,Charles T?J Co . entertained with a matinee party inCravens in the s ea ling g Danville in honor of Mrs. John Woodper, etc., from the ias Le. g elfa Craftrie Co held over to lfiraui . v luncheonjury. The fe against Geoi Gar ishorett, chargedwith burglary, as , con nerformance!tinued two additional warrauu. imviub ----- -- - -i, feeiiod .Tiidce January kstamped envelopes.Lost RewaFRANK & CODainty DressesThat Serve inMany WaysYet Cost ButVery LittleIt is difficult to imagine somuch real service in dressesatpricesso extremely modestNevertheless, there are hundreds of women in this city who would not and in a measure of convenience, could not get along without these practical washable dresses that sharetheirfame equally between service and dressiness.WkLtin A stLF A(teMft. baiimon v Wvlx1 i U ONFORUKc VTl-G,YADJ TABlEjilull jyAH'!Jy(THEBRANDELECTRICDRESSES OF MANY USESbespeak a versatility unknown to other dresses of equal cost. For kitchen, parlor, porchand street, they are appropriate and ideal.Such faultless fit and becoming style never before entered into dresses at prices comfortably within the reach of every purse.MODELS TOPLEASE ALLTASTES.SIZES TOFIT ALLFIGURES.$1 to $3Sizes 34 to 56MADE OF THEMOST DEPENDABLE COTTONFABRICS THATWASH PERFECTLY.FRANK & COMPANYt.''Indies Brooch Pin. double heart aii'lmcoi.o rnni rvnnmioii n rwl inTT prnwn on same, nearl setting, on thebeen issued. Jua5 i,nfr. o,n,-i, p t, t .,iair1Mi x. MoQiiviiir. sfrppt-s of Paris, between Cypress andSStPnlaJs in Jail and $20 fine. will leave Thursday for New Orleans'; Fitth streets. Suitable reward if reg,ng. ten das m jau an . their turned to BOURBON NEWS office.READ THE ADV. absence they will make side trips to I (G-3t)Havana and other points in Cuba... . ..! .i.n iijnlnv m- aTt- nml "Tr.; r,. T5. Pnrnell went "We Cttli aiu'iiuuu 4.u ui- mr"--j " .vertisement in this issue of THE to Louisville, Sunday, to remain ser-EWS of Uhe public sale of stock, eral days. Mr. Purnell is on a bus! jSrmine implements, etc., belonging to ness trip for the Paris Milling Com-Ifaraiing mipicme narme: nnnv. and Mrs. Purnell will visit herpimw-h on the' Cynthiana pike, on sisters, Mrs. Lee Barbour and Mis-?1 1 III Wl III 111!9lieNOTICEPnrties who nurchased lumber amither material at the Fair grounds saslortisdment, and it is liKeiy uwi ju " , -ine Young i-auies luhuius viuusee something enumerated there that ()f pariSf will give a subscription danceyou may want. ;at Yard en's Hall, in this city, on tneeo 'evening of Thursday, February 8. "The.-A WAY TO CHEAT THE PLUMBER music for the'dancers will be furnish-ed by the Johnson Saxophone Trio,Why pay plumbing bills? Bum gas of PariS. Tickets, $1.00. The hoursihrouch tli night and your water in be from, eight-thirty to two.nines won't freeze up. You will be Miss Margaret Ferguson enteronmfortable, too. At the rate which taiued with a card party at her homeIbP consumers of Paris get gas, it is liear PariSf Saturday afternoon, inoheaoer to burn the fuel through the konor of Miss Mary Adams Talbott'3niht and save freezing, than it is to house guests, Misses Frances Ford,T.I.V the olumber $4.00 or $5.00 for re- of Georgetown: Clara Coleman andnLooine the pipes, as the average gas Fay Harris, of Lexington. At the coi,biU won't exceed that amount Neany ciusion of the games refreshmentsevery wise person now uses the cheap- vere served the guests,est and best fuel to be had: natural ( Presi(lent and Mrs. J. M. Maxonoas No dirt, coal soot, kinming, d UiQ st,,dents of Margaret College.ashes, ana oioei " nZ r Tt nnpp at Versailles win eni-enum vilu .iwiUi when you use gas. m it ouu- cotillioil at lne college building onMondav evening, Feb. 11, at eighto'clock, in honor of tlie alumni of thecollege. Tlie cotillion will be dancedin the new gymnasium, a recent gil'tto the college., . :ii tin o rPtnilar consumerpIhIS GA3 & ELECTRIC CO.. Inc(6-2t)TIME TO CALL A HALT..,Ai : ;tT- i Miss Marv Adams Talbott. young-When tihieves can wiul ju . dauter of Mr. and Mrs. Robeibreak in a place and earn on Talbott, entertained with a dinnerot valuable saiff, dispose o : u .w . juuk h afc the home Qf flier papdealers without question as to ner Qn on Dimcan avenue, Saturdaythey got it, it seems to us mat it u, evening In lonor of her Missestime to call a halt It s30? Frances Ford, of Georgetown; Claneasiest thing in. Uie world no lor Colemail and Fay HarriSf of Hamiltonthief to get away with his gotten College Lexington. Other guestsstuff by disposing of it Jc .tne ju esent and enjoying the occasiondealers. THE NEWS refers to jun MjMeg Mapgaret Pergu80n anfdealers in general, for me ,; Elizabeth Brown, of Paris, and the latare not as particular as J ter's guest, Miss May Adams Lincoln,be. While we would.. ot DnernolaJl 0f Louisville; Messrs. Waller, ofcuse them of being rece ivers ; ol si oien Georgetown. Hira(m Roseberry, Hughgoods, yet it seems "f V ro- Ferguson, Robert Jones, Scott WeaUiexercise the right ca ution ana care R Weathers and Landrun-fulness in Purchfinfn.ustS Payne, of Paris.everyone. Recent happenings justuy Woodford was the gra-this view of the mauer. with clous hostess recently to the memberWe believe as do many ouier gix-Hand Euchre Club at "Thewhom e have d,scussea tne j gho The enjoyInRlately. . ftdSS ? all goods Mrs. Woodford's hospitality were Mrs.quired, to keep a record oi au b Parkcr. Mrs. B. A. Frank, Mrs.in their line, witii a awiHuuuu Talbott. Mrs. Jolin Yerkes, Mrs.material; a description of party sen w. Amos Turneing it; e date; ana a u, Qwen L Mrs W:m G Mo.orandumofthenrcstances,ope j&mes Woodford Mr3all Umes to spabro- Thompson Tarr, Mrs. Hugh Montgom-county authorities just as wnuro inomp wigffinskers are required to do m the arg ery g hogt prciUes. Tfte 'trKuSritiSin day evening at his home on Highinestimable value to the auuiont & dinner tQtoeing down burglari es an The dinner complete mIhieves and go a Jjf crime The all its appointments. The guests forsuppressing .this ic"e junfc e occasGn were: Misses Carolynrui,; r-yinnpfl m each town isneie juiia. '" ,. , lTi11flT1 TTnfphcraft:vjwj r- ,,. ,- nn nrai- ttoseutsrit "ij . - --dealers operate bu. v-- - . c fl EtMyn curry, (Har-.N4g VVjJSDuring This Cold SnapGet OurThis is theVictrolaX,S75liLittle folksenjoy theVictroladealers operate b"-- to keep MirIata Curry and Ethlyn Curry, (Har: "SES? .tape to? ro&)TTlr. nd Mr,. John F Da-They enjoy the catchy musicas well as the big folks and theysoon get to have "favorites" oftheir own.There are besides special chilren's records of well-known songsand. recitations which are thechildren's own.Drine the children inlo bcr ome of the special Victor Records forchildren. We'll gladlyjilay them and tell you howeasy it is to uet Victorur ictrola S10 to S4C0.NgjpDAU6HERTYBROSif m W w fl ii aft Ii JJL iiPRICEFor February and MarchThey will warm the cockles of yourheart and make you feel good all overwhen you see how very reasonableyou can still buy Rugs, Carpets andFurniture.THE J. T. HINTON CO.MOTOR HEARSEMOTOR INVALID COACHUNDERTAKING"EITHERPHONE" 36SIXTH AND MAIN STS.MimIIS31iis:I,Jteempoiei fortt !vis; Messrs. ,vmu , MM.k.THE BOURBON NEWS, PARIS, KY.TUESDAY, FEBRUARY' f, UTBAGESUC1&1-iBEATS HIS ALARMCLOCK TO IT NOWSISTER EUPHRASIA RETIRESTO NAZARETH FOR RES'Wit!) Old Time Vigor.TAHUG GAVE HIM HEW ENERGYI Sister Euphrasia, founder of St.Joseph's Hospital, in Lexington, andfor forty years Superior of the institution, has gone to Nazareth, where she' will take a much needed rest and enjoythe quiet home from which she wentto her first mission of charity fitty-twonCSSRlSn JIIIIIPS Ulit OI DBA Euphrasia' celebrated the golden anniversary or ner vows, anu uie event wasmade the occasion for congratulationsfrom the public and was observed withfestivities at the hospital in whicumen and women of all creeds andclasses united.In 1865 Sister Euphrasia, during thesmall .pox epidemic that followed theCivil War, at the head of a band ofnurses in Louisville, succeeded in"When the alarm clock rane- this stamnine out the Dlague there. After-Morning did you bound out of bed, ' ward she was in charge of St. Joseph'sat a good breakfast and leave "fit" hospital in Louisville for a time, buttod ready for your work? later in 1875 came to Lexington, andNot if von felt like Edward F I established St. Joseph s Hospital.aJ-1 ooSn Before taking her vows, she wasfchwandt, pressman, 3200 Tampa ave- Mi Stafford, a member of a wealthyfamily in Pittsburg. Pa., and her mj traduction to Kentucky was as a girl,when she entered school at Nazareth.J She took the final vows as a Sister of, Charity, in 1864. She is eighty-sevenyears of age.She will be succeeded at St. Joseph's by Sister Mary John, to whomthe duties of the office were givenseveral months ago.LIFT YOUR CORNSOFF WITH FINGERS.Tells How to Loosen a Tender Corn! or Callous So It Lifts OutWithout Pain.EDWARD E. SCHWANDT.mu, Cleveland, used to feel.the story in his own woids:"The last year was a trying oneir me. My health had been steadilyYou reckless men and women whoare pestered with corns and who haveat least once a week invited an awfuldeath from lockjaw or blood poisonare now told by a Cincinnati authorityti nsR a druff called Freezone, whichthe miament a few drops are applied Jto anv corn or callous the soreness isrelieved and soon the entire corn orHere is callous, root and all, lifts off with uofingers. . .Freezone dries the moment il is applied, and simply shrivels the corn ormllous without inflaming or even irritating the surrounding tissue or skinn the down grade. Often it woulde 1 or 2 o'clock before I could go small bottle of Freezone will costto sleep. I got up in the morning alttost as tiled as when I went to bed.very little at any of the drug stores,but Will positively nu one a icci ui'During the day my stomach both- evry hard or soft corn or hardener.After eating I had a heavy, callous. If your druggist nasnt anyI was tired all the Freezone he can get it at au uui-sale drug house ror you. iau ired mefcloated feelinjr.time and didn't have anv ambition.My nerves were upset. My bodyached. At times my feet were so SURGERY SAVES MANre I could hardly bear my weight WITH A BROKEN BACK.upon them."I couldn't get relief. Finally I A man with a broken back used totried Tanlac and right then and there be considered as good as dead. ButI began to get better. My worries not to-day. Doctors at Kings Countyare all over now. I go to bed and Hospital in New lId ajj-ayever wake up until moming My g" n ? SSSSSlSaches have left me. I have a splendid "," ' h 0 lc rnvprin. Thev-4- A t.i- .- -..:-r .- smu-aiiuy "" " - ;-- , -,-pcuikc tiiiu am auic tu auuibiy iu,She Sits WLaic WorkingReaches L I.. ' i, jVaifcsagif" ' r """ ' j"'""D0BJS5,.-1 sr 'i-rr1! P""'! ""?! Mm. BVvs f t3--""--2 Iff - rj - .ayrc-?3KiMhriBPiBgg5Kj5H3awRg5Tbiough Early Not Tiredmttnm ijci.i ' i in mi n mmm saanw m' " ' ' ' !! inSelling Going on EveryDay This WeekThe Terms of the Cut-PriceHoosier Sale are These:Pay only $1 when you order the "HoosierSpecial."2 Pay the balance only $1 a week.3 No interest, no extra fees.4 Your money all back if you are not delighted.fide cut of $5 in the price, but saleends absolutely when the few remaining"Hoosier Specials" are goneo 3onahorterHoursror I6 More Bourbon Women!s'icn nnt-wMcifpd his sninal cord, snarledno food disagrees with my ;tlto -m "S." Trascoma can wiggle histtomach. roes llow an(i is rapidly recoverinc"I am glad to say a good word for The doctors did the same thing for (Tanlac and honestly believe that it Miss Jessie Smith.till -do for other people what it has ""4ie for me." FOR A BILIOUS ATTACKTanlac, the master medicine and When you have a severe headache.reconstructive tonic, is sold exclu- accompanied by a coated tongue,)lively In PARIS by Varden & Soil loathing of food, constipation, torpid jtjaer exclusive agents in nearby liver, vomiting of partly digested food .toivns are as follows: and then bile, you may know that- you have a severe bilious attack.HUTCHISON Snell & Wood; Mil- while you may be quite sick there isL3RSBURG, W. G. Wadell; BLIZA- mucll consolation in knowing that rcJKBTH, Oscar Smith; CARLISLE, uef may be had by taking three ofTreman & Son; GEORGETOWN, 0. chamberlain's Tablets. They areH. Arnold; WINCHESTER, Duty Drug pronipt and effectual. ObtainablaCompany; ATJSTERLITZ, B. S. Par- PVprvwhere !rkfc. (adv) j (Feb-adv)Only 16 more women can get the."Hoosier Special" at a cut rate of 55from the regular factory price.By the time you read this notice thenumber remaining will likely be less.We knew these Hoosiers would gofast, but for so many to be taken thefirst day was indeed astonishing.The Miracle Step Saver.To-day the women who attendedthe opening of this sale last Saturdayare using their cabinets, cue. i:7aryone is proud and delighted with it !Only a Hoosier owner can realizethe miles of steps that it will save youby combining a cupboard, pantry andbig work table in one.How it lets you sit down comfortably at your work instead of trampingaround the kitchen six times a daygathering in utensils and supplies andclearing.up after meals.Placesfor 400 Articles.leading cabinet in the world but a bargain unbeatable!The "Hoosier Special holds 400 articles all within arm's reach. It bringsyou 40 labor saving features, eachlike an extra hand helping in yourwork.Once you try this and mind you atrial costs nothing you'll learn howeasily, how pleasantly, how quicklygood meals can be prepared.You will wonder why every housewife doesn't assert her right to ownthe cabinet that has ended wearinessfor over 1,000,000 women.Don't Be Deceived.Another cabinet as complete as theHoosier does not exist. Its leadingfeatures are protected by patents.And its price is fixed at the factory tooutsell any other made.Nuw with the makers' consent to acut of ?5 on this small lot of "Hoosier"Specials" wei offer not only thePay $1 and Save $5.toItALtf if2?OMain Street.CHAS. G3EEN, Manag-r.odp. Court House.Don't risk m:3z:r.c: vs." chancesave $5 on the celebrated Hoosier.never happened before it may neveragain. At least come and sue it. Thendecide. A dollar is all you need to payif you order. But you lose 5 if youwait till these are gone. There will beno more except at 5 higher.You can't afford to throw away thatmoney. Beware of delay.Valuable Koosier FeaturesThere is plenty of unhampered roomabove and around the aluminum worktable. No useless little partitions tochop up the space. The HOOSIERgives you a big table space to work onit gives you 17 vital points not found inall other cabinets combined. Five ofthese leading feautres are:1-The AllMetal Glass Front Flour Bin2 The Gear - Driven Shaker FlourSilter.3 Storage Space for 430 Articles, allwithin arm's reach.4 Ingenious, 6ig-Capacity Sugar Bin.5 The New Roll Doors that you canslip out lor cleaning.,H'-WH'rXit4.It4HMitiS4M'4,4,4,,M''''iTiTnAirnnFT nirt i rrr fr a WKYTr iTrF? 4AU1UAUEH3 HEAKbfi UK AffittULAKLCI desire to ansr v3 to our friends ttiat I can, where desired,furnish an autorhditS hearse- or ambulance. This method oftransportation t especially desired on long trips, the same being made In better time, and at no advance In coit over thehorse-drawn, conveyance.GEO. W. DAVIS, FuneraiSDirector.ttttvVV,l"9HOW TO TRAP MUSKRATSSTOP LUMBAGO PAIN,RUB BACKACHE AWAY.In the December Farm and Firesidewriter says about trapping musk 5 pajnjPASSING OF GLENN SPRINGS;FAMOUS SUMMER RESOR'Relief! Limber Up! Rub 1 Th HIpti Rnrintrc Wntoi T,ft,a wmer ay& -w.B pan Soreness stiffness Right ! ' "' - "" " ""7 ""'rats: Out With "St. Jacob's Oil." j consisting of the building, fixtures,"When trapping in deep water j 1 furnishings and 200 acres of land, hasthat is. when tne entrance 01.Young Man, Don'tScatter Your Dollars!YOUTH IS PE0DIGA1. Frequently the young man DOESN'TWOW THE VALUE OF A DOLLAR.YOUTH IS NOT EVERLASTING. The big men of the country laidIke foundation for their success by opening a bank account when theywere youn.If You Hope to Amount tc Anything Don'tDelay Starting a Bank Account.Start It Today.Farmers' & Traders'1 1 whpn vnur h.irk is snrp and inm'been purchased by the Rev. R. S. L.P.T1-house or den is situated in such a way Qr iumi)ag0 sciatica or neuritis has ' non, C. A. Baldwin, S. J. Sparks andthat it is impossible to make an ordi- vou stiffened up, don't suffer! Get a'w. S. Sandingham, and the Gleenarv set incline a board at an angle small trial bottle of old, honest "St. 0 . .. , . A,of 15 decrees sticking one end in the Jacob's Oil" at any drug store, pour a !' iaiu uuauon nas oeenl,i r,A cmnnrHne the other with litUe in your hand and rub it right organized for the purpose of openingctoirPQ Tust betow the surface of tho into Uie pain or ache, and by tshu a college. Thus passes the only sumwater arrange two nails so as to Qxold J you fifty, the soreness ana mer resort in the section otthe trap. On the part of the board ex-j criDDled! This soothins. Kentucfey- There will be departmentstending out of the water arrange some penetrating oil takes the ache and pain in graded common school, high school,decoy. The animals in climDing tne rjght out and ends the misery. It is college, normal, art, music, commerboard will encounter the trap and get magical, yet absolutely harmless and cialf Bible training, domestic sciencecaught if the set is made properly, (doesn't burn or discolor the skin. and agriculture.Dtni, o ,mniHn -nr head of cab-5 Nothing else stops lumbago, sciatica-base in shallow water, surrounding it and lame back misery so promptly and E.g,e !n " 1 OQVorai f,,r surely. It never disappoints! (adv)witn several uu,ya. wiw v-.v,.. ,bearers Inay be taken in a single If tue ogtie paui felt the shortevening with a set of this kind.' 'age 0f paper as keenly as newspapersApproximately 10,390 acres of de- feei it nowadays, how did the Aposttenuded lands within the National For- express himself in language suitableests -weie reforested in the fiscal year to liis calling?number of trees rTTTT"wViilo 8.9HO VYHiicn oniiMuo wiwo"""" "i - 1EATING A PLEASUREwhen you have a normal appetite.Loss of appetite indicates that thastomach needs to be cleaned, sweetened, and stimulated to healthy action.8fttyysi If& qi3237rA2E MARKTONIC DIGESTIVEis sold for this purpose and guaranteed to give relief. Sold only by w.$1.00.OBBRDORFER,The Druggist, Paris, Ky.CGC 0vCOO3Ssy19 1G. The totalinlauted was 6,146,bd7,pounds of tree seed were sown.ITO THE CHILDREN.DWIS & FUNK. Prop?.BankF. P. KISMR, PregldentJNO. J. M.CLINTOCK, Caikitr$&.WM. GRIMJ33. Bookkeeytr.Sixth and Main Streets, Paris, Ky-SEVERE COLD QUICKLY CURED."On December first I had a very se-A child rarely goes through thewhole winter without a cold, and every(mother should have a reliable remedyhandy. Fever, sore throat, tight chestand croupy coughs are sure symptoms.vera cold or attack of the grip as it a dose of Dr. Bell's Pine Tar Honeymay be, and was nearly down sick in -will loosen the phlegm, relieve thebed," writes O. J. Metcalf, Waterby, congested lungs and stop the cough.Mo. "I bought two bottles of Cham- its antiseptic pine balsams heal andhprlain's Cough Remedy and it was soothe. For croup, whooping cough joniv a few days until I was completely and chronic bronchial troubles try Dr.restored to health. I firmly believe Bell's Pine Tar Honey. At all Drugthat Chamberlain's Cough Remedy is eists, 25c.lone of tihe very best medicines anl (Feb-adv)will know what to do when I have an-other cold." Obtainable everywhere. Records disclose that for several(Feb-adv) 'centuries an infusion of nutgalls treat-led with sulphate of iron composed theInnlw t. nnnrn inlrTelephone No. 4.W est 5 StreetAn Arkansas man was recently bit Jten by a mule with fatal resultsThis merely shows that tine mule is ,dangerous at both ends.SOMETHING GOOD.i Those 'who hate nasty medicinejshould try Chajnberlian's Tablets for(constipation. vThey are pleasant toWe should think that the tenants otitake and their effect is so agreeableti nffipft. lmildine. which ia in the and so natural that you will not real"line of fire" of an offending smoke,, ize that it has been .produced by a)Stack, would have something to say. meoicine. ubhuumuw tci.viyuwc."IT -v&v:A?JrmSatistaction is OarWichwordWith all the latest improvements in laundryappliances and experthelpers we are preparedto do work inferior tonone, and solicitpatronage.1mir?syoufBourbon Laundry,Paris Kentucky. .viaTUESDAY, FEBRUARY , 1117.THE BOURBON NEWS, PARIS, KY.PAGE SEYBTFOR RENT.Tliree unfurnished rooms at No. 733Talker avenue, liot and cold waterand other conveniences. Call HomePhone 339. (jan30-t)Notice to Water Consumer? .ISXilllWater accounts are rendered forquarter from, January to April 1, andTiust be paid at the office of the ParisVater Company in fifteen days, or valer will be shut off. Parties desiring7 do so can pay as formerly, sixTionths. Rebates due anyone will beecedited on these bills.(12-tf) PARIS WATER CO.Sore shoulders, lame back.stift neck, all pains and achesyield to Sloan's Ciniir.enLDo not rah it. Simply apply tothe sore spot, it quickly penetratesand relieves. Ldeaner than mussyNotice To the Public! iiei;ftments,itdocSROtKeep a bottle handy for rhcumaiJ3n,sprains, bruises, tcothnchc, neuralgia, gout,lumbago and sore stiff muscles.At all druggists, 25c. 50c. and S1.G0.MULES SOLD BY THE POUND(Lebanon Enterprise.)The first carload of mules to nosold by weight in this county was shipped from this city to .Atlanta, Ga., recently. There were twenty-six in tht.consignment and they were sold byWillis Burdette, the well known Nev'Market fanner, to a representative ofHudson & Son, Southern mule dealers.The twenty-six mules averaged 993pounds and totaled 25,946 pounds. Theprice received was 20 cents per pound,or $5,189.60, the mules averaging $199.60 per head.EDW. BURKE, PresidentDO YOU HAVE DIZZY SPELLS?It's Important to Learn the Cause, AsMany Paris People Have.I will pay this season the mghesiprices that have ever been known in 'Paris for horse hides, beef hides,heep pelts and furs. ' jI will also pay the highest market Jprice for Rags and Paper. I will sendafter it any place in '.he city. Call"by Cumberland phone 374. Office on jEighth Street(20-oct-lyr) MAX MUNICH.i fmtmmsmm&mmmShelby County FarmFor Sale Privately.A first-class tobacco, hemp or dairy farm, containing 200acres, well watered, nice 8-room house, connected with naturalgas, all necessary out-buildings. Located on good pike, one-halfAiile from Southern Railroad and 1 1-2 miles from L. & N. Railroad, and Interurban car line to Louisville, and same distancefrom High School and Churches.Price 22,000. AddressDizziness is never a disease of itseUit's only a sym.ptojn of some deeperseated trouble. Much dizziness iscaused by disordered kidneys failingto filter all the poisons from the blood.These poisons attack the nerves anddizziness results. If you are subjectto dizziness, there is good reason tosuspect your kidneys, and if you sufferbackache, headache, and irregular kidney action, you have further proof.Many Paris people have learned thevalue of. Doan's Kidney Pills in justsuch cases. Read this Paris resident':statement:Mrs. J. W. Markland, 326 Eighthstreet, Paris, says: "Some few yearsago, I suffered severely with kidneycomplaint and sometimes was in a serious condition. I have had a constant,dull ache across the small of my backand I have had terrible dizzy spellsat times. I have used Doan's KidneyPills for this trouble and they havehelped ,me more than anything elsealways relieving me of the complaint."Price 50 cents at all dealers. Don'Lsimply ask for a kidney remedy getDoan's Kidney Pills the same thatMrs. Markland had. Foster-MilburnCo., Props., Buffalo, N. Y. (adv)0H. S. CAYWOOD, Vice-Pres,JNO. T. COLLINS, ManagerDirectorsEDW. BURKE H. S. CAYWOODSAM CLAY A. L. STEPHENSONJAS. CALDWELL J. L. DENTONA. B. HANCOCKROBT. E. BEATTY D. W. PEEDLUTHER STIVERS JNO. T. COLLINSC. D. vVILSON S. R. BURR1SW. M. ROGERS2-2t)B. B. GUTHRIE,R. FT. D. No. 7, Shelbyville, Ky.Cumb. Phone 30, Simpsonville, Ky.CONSTIPATION MAKES YOU DULLThat draggy, listless, oppressed fee'ing generally results from constipation. The intestines are clogged andthe blood becomes poisoned. Relievethis condition at once with Dr. King'r,jNew Life Pills; this gentle, ncn-grip-iinglaxative is quickly effective. A'dose at bedtime will make you feel(brighter in the morning. Get a bottle to-day at your Druggist. 25c.(Feb-adv)PUBLIC SALEOFSplendid Bourbon County FarmOne That wi Produce the Crop That WillBring the Money.RED RABBIT CLIMBSTREES LIKE A SQUIRRELJ. W. Merrick, of near Cadiz, Ky.,recently caught near his home a redrabbi,t, which he exhibited at CadizIt is about the size of an ordinary rabbit, with bright red eyes. Mr. Merricksays it can climb a tree like a squirrel.KING WINTER INTERFERED.I will sell to the highest bidder, onSaturday, February 17th, 1917t. lp m., o'clock, at the Court House door, in Paris, Ky., my farm of 292acres on the Bethlehem pike, 4 miles from Paris, 14 miles from Lexington,id 3 miles from Hutchison Station, on the L. & N. railroad. Farm has onrt a good residence of 7 rooms, and Las only been built a few years. Hascellar, batili room, fine cistern at door, and is in a beautiful location, inThere are two good tobacco bams on the place, will hold 18 acres,rtne of the tobacco barns and good otock barn with 10 box stalls, are nearlynew New double corn crib with metal roof; meat house, carnage house,Tool" house, and all outbuildings. Good tenant house of 5 rooms. Farm ioell water with good springs, ponds and running water.This farm is in one of the best sections of the county, the land lareil with very little waste land. It has been used as a thoroughbred horsefarm for nearly forty years, and it is one of the richest farms in BourbonU There is some virgin soil, with much old blue grass sod that hasn't&m .plowed in 20 to 40 years. nrrut -i,nI will show prospective purchasers over the place, or Mr. Gravitt, lio!tres on the farm, will be glad to show it to you at any tme.TERMS Liberal and made known on day of sale.S. K. NICHOLS,Paris. Ky.GEO. D. SPEAKES, Auctioneer.(Jan. 30-t)DWDT.TV lnl-v 1 Cnnn'ctnrmo lmvoI DJ1VUl"'... "' A' """""-"i"," """'brought battles on tne various tronualmost to a standstill. Notwithstanding these drawbacks, Germans announce tfliat they have increased thenumber of prisoners captured in Galicia to 2,700 men, and in Francehave carried out bold air engagementssuccessfully. The great engagementlaunched in Riga is held in check bthe weather.TheourbonTobacco Warehouse CoHolds All Records !Season's Average 3,768,600 pounds sold for $ 18.20CroD Averages !Mrs' R L Dimmitt & CoV $ 323U-op Averages jFerguson & NeaJ $ 29.87Floor Average 90,400 pounds Average $ 22.03High Basket Dimmitt & Coy $113.00SelWhere Averages are BetterDay After Day3999WE INVITE COMPARISON!9WW99SZ9ZZti? !I FEBRUARY 11917PLENTY OF MATERIAL!I Aii eastern newspaper house is sending out word to the printers that adouble raise will soon be made in the! already unreasonable price ot print paI per. And this is to inform our womenheaders that we have on hand a big re.'serve supply of exchanges which wennntiniiQ to sell for the old price Ci5 cents per bundle. Lay in a supplynow. They will soon be a reauyclassy thing to use instead of a tabiccloth when company comes, and thewomen who can have real newspap"print on her cupboard shelves will bathe envy of all her neighbors. Toronto (Kansas) Republican.HOW'S THIS?NOWis the idea! time to visitFLORIDAor theGulf Coast ResortsGet away from the cola ana enjoy me m -Sunshine ana r lowers.Low round trip fares and excellent service viaLOUISVILLE & NASHVILLE R.R.For particulars call upon local agents oi this railroad.We offer One Hundred Dollars Reward for any case of catarrh that cannot be cured by Hall's Catarrh Cure.F. J. CHENEY & CO., Toledo, O.We, the undersigned, have known F.J. Cheney for the last 15 years, andbelieve him perfectly honorable in allbusiness transactions and Anally ableto carry out any obligations made bhis firm.NATIONAL BANK OF COMMERCE,Toledo, O.(Feb-adv)MARDIGRASOnly a Day and Night to New OrleansLOUISVILLE & NASHVILLE R. R.Tickets on sale daily February 12 to 19, -cl-ive.New Orleans $23.55; Mobile $21.00; Pensacola $20.70,Round Trip From Paris. ,KndFti culSssee L. ft N. Agent.t-CH for list of hotel, rooming nd boarding homeBulgaria has said upon what termsshe would accept peace, but she ha-no idea about the terms upon whichi she will accept peace.ITHE BEST RECOMMENDATION.The strongest recommendation anyarticle may receive is a favorableword from the user. It is the recommendations of those who have used itthat makes Chamberlain's Cough Remedy so popular. Mrs. Amanaa uier-hart, Waynesfield, omo, wrue3,"Chamberlain's Cough Remedy hasbeen used in my family off and on fortwenty years and it has never failedto cure a cough or cold." Obtainableeverywhere.(Feb-adv)e1mmThe New York Mail says that"milk is the only article of diet thatis nearest indispensable." Let us hopethat 'the information is better thanthe English.LINGERING COUGHS DANGEROUSGet rid of that hacking cough thatkeeDS you awake at night and drainsyour vitality and energy. Dr. King'sx-w THKonverv is a Dleasant balsamremedy, antiseptic, laxative andpromptly effective. It sooths the irritated membrane and kills the coldgerms; your cough is soon relieved.Delay is dangerous get Dr. King'sNew Discovery at once. For nearlyfifty years it has been the favoriteremedy for grippe, croup, coughs andcolds. Get a bottle to-dayatg. orpurDruggist, 25c. "i - x . (Feb-adT)ikWbfbauba i! TOBACCO WAREHOUSE CO.I PARIS, KENTUCKY1 BREAKS All Records For ToI bacco SalesI SELLING 69,500 POUNDS FOR $14,334.84Floor Average $18.55 per hundredCrop Average $36.13 per hundredTwo Baskets $150.00 per hundredIf you want to get the MONEY put youri tobacco under the LIGHT of the Independent.r -CHAS. C. CLARKE, Manager.,-CtVf f -" IT -o"-Wt WA.J Ul : J j.a s t a,ykIIiV1.rV1m;PAGE EIGHTTHE BOURBON NEWS, PARIS, KY.TUESDAY, FEBRUARY , 117.REAL ESTATE DEALS.II N I Itt '"MILLERSBURGDEATHS.!,1sides his wife, lie is survived by three' x"c.ou BU1U , , , "' ' Ifar bL daughters, Airs. Ella Smart, Mrs. Mol-!to"; 19.' ares of land "earf 'loi5. Ho PnftoAsn,, nnH Mrs NTufH Rf ov.-. I Vllle, in SpeilCer COUllt.V, tO L. H.Three important real estate dealswere consummated; last week throughthe agency of the Paris Realty Co.Mr. R. C. Linville- sold to Mr. DavidMiss Marearet B. Clarke returned xvATrnM uromoie, or tine biiawnan vicinity, nisThursday, after a protracted visit to , Mr w M Walton, farmer, aged ' farmf of 98 acres located near TaylorsMends in Louisville. I sixty-five, died at his home on tii v,IJe .m Spencer county, for a priceMr. and Mrs. S. C. Bascom an 1 Greenwich pike, at two o'clock ver not given out Mr. Crombie will takolittle daughter. Sue. visited friends at trH,v nftomnnn nf nnpnnimiin. Rn. 'possession ot uie properi in MarchOwnigsville. Wednesday.Mrs. B. S. Barton and little sonJames Earle. .ire visitinc her narentMr. and Mrs. J.rmes Overley, at FIem-,artt and two sons, Messrs. Charles and lnfk0 ? bon- ot wington, at a pnSngsburg. i Thomas WaUon. TJie funeral arrange-, , pn cf . ,. r,Tr k a. "Rurrouirlis and sister. ,oto v,o,i noi vQO nnmniinii nc tiir through, the Realty company.Miss Nannie burroughs, attended thCjXEWS went to press last nightfuneral of a jciative at Mt. Sterling,Wednesday. j NELSON.Mrs. Bailes Debelle left Frida-' ir. Frank Nelson, aged sixty-nine.lor her flicmio at Ewing after a several ,je(i at nS home on Massie avenue, indays' visit to her daughter, Mrs. Ma tnjs cjtVf Saturday midnight, after a so,nel Courney. short illness. His death was attnum-Elder Ale Saunders moved Mon-ed to organic heart trouble, as he3ay to the Mitchell house at Fan-. 1:a(1 beeu m iut a sliort time. He nsurvived by his wife and three sons.BIRTHS.In Evansville, Ind., to tlie wife ofEld. Wm. E. Sweeney, formerly orParis, a daughter; first child.Jle has been boarding for severalmnnths with Mr. and Mrs. S. E. Bruce.the Realty Company. MW. H. Anderson, of Paris, Superintendent of this division of the Louisville& Nashville, purchased tor his niece,Miss Josie Alexander, formerly ofParis, now attending college in Chi-the two-story brick businessiiouse on Mam street, occupieu uyThe Sweet Shop. The price paid wasnot made public. Yhe property was"owned by Mr. and Mrs. W'm. Bailey,Horace Nelson, of Paris, James Nel-Mr. M. J. Fanning, of the Anti-Sa- gon of Batavia, Ohio, and Lloyd Nelloon Iveague, delivered a lecture at tiu- S01U 0f Winchester; two daughters,Methodist church on State Wide prohi-J Iiss lelissa Nelson and Mrs. Josijfcition Thursday evening. A good au , Frv of paris.dience was present notwithstanding Funeral services will be held at theJt&e inclement weather. This is Mr fa,mily residence on Massie Avenue afFanning's third appearance in our lon 0-clock this (Tuesday) morningmidst. His address was good. conducted by Rev. Dr. O. R. Mangum,Miss Dorothy Peed arrived Satu- pa&tor of the Taris Baptist church.day night from Birmingham, Ala. Mi& The interment will follow in the ParisPeed occupied the diair in one of the Ccjmetery.graded schools of that city, and was!compelled to resign her position tern- FLETCHER,porarily on account ot ill health. She J Mrs. Sup Fletcher, wife of Mrunderwent an operation last fall for y. Fletcher, of Lexington, diedswmendicitis. and as soon as she was iOUr o'clock Sunday morning atMATRIMONIAL.IIENSON GILLISPIE.County Clerk Pearce Paton issued amarriage license Saturday to Mr. Ne1son Gillispie and Mrs. Mollie Henson,both of the North Middletown vicinity. The couple were tmarried in Oiocourt house by County Judge C. A.McMillan.FROM THE WILD ANDTHE WOOLLY WEST!of Lexington, and lias been long knou nas the Sirnrer oronerT. The SweetSlinn unrlnr tho jmsnirps of Mr. nrwl t In a letter toMrs. 'Clyde Keller, will remain in tlU'lNKWS staff, Mr. James B. Fee, for-linnse. tliev bavins secured a lease on merry ot nns, now manager ot a Diga member of THEit.Iti.: tonnn1 ill It), 1UI IO,UUU.At the same time andplace Au--pjtioneer Kenney sold for Master Com-at missioner uscar i . Minion a nouscthe and lot in North Middletown. belong-able resU-iu-d her duties without tak-.ivanhoe Apartments, Hampton Court. S to uie larwe neirt,, uo nwuj o.ing any rest. The strain has proven1 j,. Lexington, after a short illness. I CaPv ' for ,? it e lir. , ftoo much for Jier and she will not Mrs. Fletcher before her marriage' Mr. T. Strother Scott, of Wmcheste..take up school work again until next J was Miss Sue Patterson, daughter of! agent tor L. E. Swetnam, ot Bourbonfall. iMr. and Mrs. Noah Patterson, of Har J county, sold the latter s farm of llttQuite a number of ladies repre i nsoix countv. She was a frequent vir.-j acres near North Middletown to Jas.senting the different churches of the,jtor in Paris, where s;he was always jMunday, or Winchester tor?l40 autownmet at taie home of Mrs. W. M.hvelcomed in social circles for her acre. This is one of tiie best improyMiller. Mondcy afemoon, and per-lc,.r.rming personality and gracioin I ed farms m the county Mr Mundafected a temporary organization forimanners. !lH rcnt the m an(1 roma111 In Wl!l"tlie establishment of a civic league, j ivs. Fletcher is survived by he' Chester,the purpose of which is the improve-'mother, Mrs. Agnes C. Patterson; one'nient of the I own. Mrs. W. M. Millc- s.ster, Mrs. D. L. Cobb, of Richmond The BfUCC MtlleT farm-was elected i-resment pro tern. Ainm one brotner. iir. Migcins i-aituianeeting was held at the city school son. of Harrison county.at 2:30 o'clock on Monday. Quite :i J The funeral will take placenumber of our ladies were present, nor- tie Grove Cemetery, m ryntniana, ;u -rhnrriat Pr-'h 7 SppOakford Hinton and Miss Minaker. nf jj, nie funeral party leaving the famParis, were present, and organized the jjy thojme in Lexington in automobilesody as a permanent order. 'at nine o'clock.The stock and tobacco barn of Mr.J. R. Long was destroyed by fire about ' SNYDER.7 p., m. Thursday, and with its con- Ajr. John C. Snyder, aged fortlents. was au entire loss. The barn one. a well-known uaper hanger andcontained Hie entire crop of tobacco, decorator, who has unade his Jiome inlanche near Merriam. Knnsas, says:Auctioneer M. F. Kenney sold at th At tne rate i(ne winu nas ueencourt house door in Paris yesterdav blowing out here for the past twofor the Paris Realty Co., a house and days, Paris' new skyscraper, the Firstfifty acres of ground, located on the National Bank building, would tumbl?Paris and Clintonville pike, belonging , down like a house of cards. The winlto Mrs. Wm. Neal, to John Cain, ot.nas kuul uo a ssieauy velocity oi uomiles an hour and still going. Thatemperature -Jias randeg from 15 to 20degrees below zero. That's not cold(for Kansas). We have our own oilwell and gas well and also have steamJieat in the ranche mansion, so wemanage to keep comfortable."While in Kansas City last week Jmet the two young Link boys, .Tomand Robert, lately of Paris, and toothem out on the Kansas ranche withme for a day's visit. They certainlydid enjoy themselves, and are comingback, to go on a wol2 raid rabbit drivothat is to take place in the next weekor so. The Link boj's are doing finein Kansas City. They are in the autosupply buitness. Robert Link is tolo transferred soon to Louisville, Ky.,ComingAttractionsPARIS GRAND AND ALAMOTuesdayNorma TalmagciniiFifty - Fifty"Triangle Fine Arts.Chester Conklinand Keystone FavoritesKin"A Tugboat Roraeo"Keystone Comedy.WEDNESDAY.Edna Goodrich in"The House of Lies"Moroco Feature. Charlie Chapman in"The Pawnshop." Another scream.THURSDAY.Louis Glaum and Howard Hickman.m"Somewhere in France"Thomas H. Ince production. FredMace with Keystone favorites in "HLsLast Scent." Keystone comedy.Hours-Alamo, 2 to 5:30; Paris Grand,7 to 10:30, Admsssion 5 and 1 Oc.!of ! 22 QCXCS nCQT PsriS, as "manager or a branch of the Timesin Hi. ,wSH lC ax' iirtion !bfmare Auto Supply Co. He is cer" ..V Wl" be sola ft? aucTion,t.linlymnklImgoort.. Thursday,descriptive advertisement on page 2 of TheKentuckian-Cilizen.Mr. Fp" enclosed a number of kodakMews of inlorestiner scenes on the bigranche, of which he is general manager.PERJURY FEAR STOPSANNULMENT OF MARRIAGE.FORMER BOURBON COUPLECELEBRATE GOLDEN WEDDINGe999?9S4valuable stallion, jack and jennet, and Paris for the past fifteen years, whenall his farming utensils. The loss ib iie Was in the employ of Mr. S Eestimated at about five thousand doi- Borland, and others in his line, diedfcirs, with only $500 insurance on the at his home in Thornton Division afbarn. The' had stripped tobacco m neon vesterday, after a long illness oTthe stripping room during the day uy tuberculosis,a comfortable fire. After they wen mi Snvder was a native of Lexingthrough, in. the evening Mr. Long pu. ton, where Jie served his apprenticetibe fire out hiaiself, and in order to shipmake sure iie sent a colored man to ears ago andtl! ham. after he had cone to tl Un wont into businoss for himselt aIn the case oL Thomas Ilison andBlanche Taylor, both of Woodfordcounty, love's young dream caiine nearbeing as completely shattered as -iCharlie Chaplin comedy pie. Aftermany fears and vicissitudes love finally found a way and the couple wereHe came to Paris about fifteen untied in marriage by Justice Ilearn, Thqmasworked at his trade in Lexington.Itison, who is a young farmer rehouse, to see that the fire was out few vears ago, but. his health failing, siding near the bayette-Woodford line,No cause can be assigned for the fire, he became identified with several and his bride-to-be, Miss Taylor, bothand it is believed by some to be the traveling carnival organizations, in being from the same neighborhood,work of an incendiary. Friday even- hopes that the change of air and sur- came to Lexington, Thursday, anding about the same hour, the home of roundings would restore iliim to health made the usual application to tlieCharlie Turner, colored, near the rail- Several weeks ago he lost his voice County Clerk for a (marriage license,road, with its contents, was destroyed entirely, due to the ravages of the dis- The Clerk of the County Court, sus-by fire, it having originated from thf ease which was preying upon him. pecting something wrong, refused thci:'overheating of a hot air stove, which ir. Snyder is survived by his wif license because he did not believe thebursted. Owing to the severe weather who was Miss Ida Willett, of this citj ; girl was of the legal 'marrying age.and the scarcity of water in the neigh- i,js mother. Mrs. Ruth S. Snyder, of Leaving Lexington they came on toborhood tlie building could not bo Lexington; four brothers, Messrs. Ern- Paris where application was made tocnvAfi A snl.srrmt ji was taken 01 net Hnmr. cinnrir6 and Charles Sny- Countv Clerk Paton, who, upon theSaturday for the ren.-f of the stricken der, all of Lexington, and two sistersl Mr. and Mrs. Watt M. Gay. formeriiiourbon county people, celebrated .thi)the golden wedding anniversary atWinchester recently. Mr. Gay is noweighty-one years oT age and his wifeseventy-eight. They were married inHourbon comu1j fifty years ago. Onlytwo persons are now living who attended the nedding. They are Mrs.Goff, of North Middletown,this county, and Mrs. Thomas Bradley,of Winchester. Mr. and Mrs. Gay areboth remarkably well preserved.Eider J. W. Harding, of Winchester,who performed the ceremony, is theonly man now lhing in Winchesterwho was a resident of the city atthat time.The Worst Handicapin the world is WORRY it ties a man hand and foot--takesoff thej edge of his talents and cuts down hisability.WORRY as to what will happen to the family if anything should happen to you, will do more than anythingelse to reduce j our earning power.S LIFE INSURANCE solve the problem-the day you get5 your Insurance Policy, is the day you cut your fetters.LIFE INSURANCE is the only sure cure for WORRY.i The Northwestern Mutual Life Insurance Co.S R. F. CLENDENIN, Associate General AgentmSuite 201-202 First Nafl BanK Bldg. PARIS, KY.family.(Otilier Millersbur:on Page 2)ATisc Harriet Snvder and Mrs. W. C.f Frederickson, of Lexington,i The funeral will take place at th-Methodist church, in this city, at two(o'clock to-morrow (Wednesday) after-'noon, with services conducted by ReWhether there shall be six week-5 w. O. Sadler, the pastor. The interluore of bad weather was det-mined ment will tollow in the Paris Cenie-THE GROUND HOG WISE?girl swearing to the required affidavitas to ther age, issued the license.In the meantime, Mr. and Mrs. Mi'fred Taylor, who live on the LewisJohnson place near Midway, came LoLexington to appeal to Chief of PoliceReagan for help in finding the girl.who, they asserted, Jiad run awavfrom home, and not being of age, theyFriday by the "Ground Hog" seeing tery. The pall-hearers will be George would not give their consent to herhis shadow. If th? old-time superst:Tion be true, then we are in for sixweeks more of all kinds of weather.The "Ground Hog," according to"many who ere confident that his custom has the effect of prescribing theveather for six weeks more, cl uerged 'from his winter home Friday sometime durintr the day. and saw hishadowentire day in the open, while othciscontend that the time for his appearance on the stage is between twelveand one o'clock. In either event hisHogship undoubtedly saw his shadowand went in for anoliier long stayMnotliar nf flio fllrkwinp- liav rprtninl 1 111VVCfclllA V. WiW tvVMMQ ..j -- .rgaye some strengthhog's" claim as aprophet.r T...,. rn ."ifnr- rm I' VV 1lett. Harry Snyder, Charles Snyderand George Snyder.FEEDING EWES IN WINTER.Large lamb losses ro due to impioper care of ewes previous to lamL-Some declare lie spends th- rg. The feeding practice oiioweu arne rennsj ivama ouilb uiisu .- ufollows:Ewes aro bred during September andOctober, insuring February and Marchlambs. The latter part ot isovemoermarnace. unon "testimony it waslearned that the marriage license hadibeen obtained in Paris upon affidavitot the girl that she was of age. Thisi would have implicated her on a chargeof perjury if any attempt had beenimade to have tihe tmarriage contractbroken, so that marriage of the couplewas not interfered with and theywere married and may live happil:ever afterward!RANGE SALE!IN ALL DEPASTIMfrNTSA VMJkOIL FROM FRUIT STONES.Germany is preparing to take steps'... .,-. tnlrt.- -ff nootiirn nnfl nlnnorl I'1110 i'w - "."" jj.v ..... ""A .tmvnrrl rnlievinir hpr shnrtaEre nf nilsi r.r i '" ---. j awinter quarters. During theto the "ground .month they receive us f"' kernels of fruit-stones,reliable weather alfalfa hay as they w il consume w ith,two and one-lialf to thiee pounds o whl-1l . frPpiv tii:i .nfc .iniiv to pnfh nni- 0l nicii grow Lreeiv tii'KENTUCKY SHEEP AFFECTEDBY STRANGE MALADYcorn silage or roots daily to each animal, in addition to hay. About Jan. 1ewes receive a limited grain rationvarying from one-forth to one-halfpound per day, depending on their con-Postmortems made by the veterinary "tlition.department, Kentucky Experiment Stu , Ewes receiving a grain ration betoiction, at Lexington, have proven thai lambing always produce more milk lorthe malady which has carried off many , lambs. The grain mixture used athundreds of Kentuckv sheep witaiin tlie State College farm consists 01 fielast ten days is nodular disease, ac- parts of shelled corn, three parts 01cording to the announcement. Farm oats, two parts of wheat bran and onecrs in large numbers who have report-( part of oatmeal.ed losses feared that a mysterious, After lambs are born the ewe wi.lnialadv was abroad. The blizzard, with (not consu)ne as much roughage feedconsequent restricted exercise, and , More grain is then necessary to give adry feed, is held to be merely a sec-jmiiK now sumcienu 101 tne uubluand fruits by extracting an oil from the ,such as thethe cherry, boththere. The pits .are poiled in a calcium chloride solu-jtion, which separates the kernel fromits Sfiiell. The oil is expressed fromthe kernels. The chief difficulty liesin the fact that the kernels of suchfruits, especially the peach, containminute quantities of hydrocyanic acidsometimes called oil of bitter almondi.This is extremely poisonous, but special methods have resulted in itspresence being reduced to a merenegligible trace, according to the reports.." '. mi - I -I4-- rVirti!londary cause. The disease is said to of tlie lamo. ine gram uumuic ouuu...be preventable, but not curable, its .oe increased, mereiure, uue-uoujiuuuuxiroc arp rrpntr-sf ill tllO la.ulul!lir or imore Oail per e, ueijcuu.ufa v.r ...i -;c., ,-c inu- nnri thf.iioT nnnriitinTi nnd also unon tJie num- enjoyseUUIl, Wiicu uoiouiiuv, o i., ....v. ..-1,,. w...-- -KENTUCKY BIRTHPLACEOF MANY STATESMEN.mortality is running in tihis section ashigh as fifteen per cent. With sheepat the highest prices in history theloss already has been great Nodulardisease made its appearance in Kentucky only a few years ago.ROLL OF HONOR ATTHE SHAWHANSCHOOLber of lambs she is raising.vovt in nrnnpr feedinc exercise isFew persons either in or out of Kentucky, probably know that that Statethe distinction of having furnished to the country fourteen Speakers of the House of Representativesconsidered the most important lacior i "m , - ve uuvemuih ul umuieuiin keeping ewes in good condition for States, fourteen cabinet officers, threelambing Exercise lots should be weU vice-Presidents and to the Supremerirainod to nrevent sore feet It is well .Court three Justices in addition Lot oiiftW .PS to ranee on pasture dur- those now sitting. Tdie figures wereAS! WinterSHOEAnd RubbersMUST GO!Despite the great advancein the price of Shoes andRubbers, we have greatly reduced all short and broken lines in Men's, Ladies' and Children's Footwear.PREPARE NOW!An opportunty offered you to supply yourself forpresent and future needs.Come here tomorrow and take advantage of this BARGAIN CLEARANCE SALE!f JiMfi-ib'(Ladies' Dark Russia Calf BootsS6.00 valuesLadies' Dull Kid High Cut BootsS4 50 values ......-Ladies' Patent Kid Cloth Top Boots5.00 valuesLadies' Patent and Gun Metal Shoes$3.50 valuesLadies' Gun Metal. button, S2. 50 val.Ladies' Felt Boudoirs, $1.00 valuesLadies's Felt Juliets, fur trimmed1.50 values$3.953.492.992.491.69.59.99Men's Russia and Plat. Calf English WalkOver Samples, 6.00 values $4,00Men's Russia and Platinum Calf Walk-Overand Beacon, 4.50 values $3.49Men's Gun Metal English Medium Toe Welts.4.00 values $2.99Men's Gun Metal Button and LaceS3.00values 1.99Men's Tan and Black Romeos1.50 values x .99Men's Black Felt Slippers75-cent values 49Boys', Misses' and Children's Shoes at Bargain Prices.ing the winter, since exercise givestrength and enables them to producelambs with less effort and of a stronger, more vigorous type.THINGS TO WORRY ABOUT.The roll of honor for the fifth monthfor the Shawhan School, as reportedbv Mrs. Ana FishbacK, tne teacner, 1as follows: Grade IV Homer Json, EdnaHazel Crombiempr and... 'wrs"i--.. n .. J A - lntfiilEftTSE 5."do a ISiSrta; Wins clerical forces ofI m ...111 nnln lo tlirOtt ll "ll Ifl Q V 1Wll-l 1 Utile '" "".' " ."- .w..v., w" I. .. T.4 mnniti n.t TI'rkVn110TVC!E. Wilson, Hallie Howard, !" ,"" 4 n " i Jnr.oin'B hirtlidac. Grade A 1waays a -;-!-"""--LnV., Wrtlidav. As tiu-Marearet Longbottom. uraa " "tt" e..-.i,". i, i..'i tiist-namea coiuus uu omm, wb no.furnished in an address recently byCongressman David H. Kinchole, ofthe Second Kentucky district, to themembers of the Kentucky Society ofWashington, D. C.FEDERAL REPORT ONPAPER PROBE HELD UP.of 90 per centThe Federal Trade Commission's raport on its print paper investigation.,although virtually completed, probably'the post- will be held up for some days, it was'office and banks will get a double hoi- learned, until further inquiry is madeidav: the second-named, Lincoln'sbirthday, comes on. uie umuwius juuhconcerning tlie effects of a Canadiangovernment order fixing maximumnews print prices in Canada. A meeting announced for Chicago betweenmanufacturers and publishers alsoAustralian engineers have invented 'day, February 12, and the birthday ofitliree-raii switches for use by rail-j "George Wash" comes on Thursday,.;",.. .i uy rails nr laid in T?Ahniarv 22. when everybody savee(xlL track to accommodate rolling the newspaper people can take a day may bring developments that will havestock of different gauges. ioff and help celebrate. la bearing on the reportFROM THEMacDonald-Kiley Bankrupt SaleMien's Migh Grade M. & K $1 O.OO and $12.00 ShoesVarsity Shoes AA to EON SALE HERE AT ONE-HALF PRICEDANC0HENParis' Greatest Shoe Store.335 Main Street, Paris, Ky.t-, M