NEWSTHEPUBLISHED EVERY TUESDAY AND FRIDAY IN THE YEAR.TOLUME XXXVI.PARIS, BOURBON COUNTY, KENTUCKY, TUESDAY, APRIL 24, 1917.GERMANY SCOREDLOCAL. CHAPTER U. D. C.MAKES DONATION.COMMUNITYGARDENREV. RICE ACCEPTSiCALL TO PARIS'BOURBONOne of the most interesting meet-. I vjiie ul me uiusL lULei esung meet- q t n rFncrJand Protests Against mes of the year was the one held by rromment Fans Man Do-c 1 11 ! 1 QViIno the Richard Hawes Chapter, Daughterslinking 01 rlOSpitai omps of confederacy, in the ConfederateOther War Bulletins.CHICAGO, April 23. -fiveroom at the court house, Saturday afternoon.i The meeting was presided over byalleged Mrs J Jm Connell, president It hadThf nffipprs of flip Paris Prpshvfp-d.11 1U rijin nlitirnli Imvp rpppivpd n. pommnni-nates Use Of Four Acres f"011, fro.m R!v- Jolm J- Rce' ofs Nicholas llle, who was recently exOf Ground. .tended a call to the pastorate of the- church.5 In his letter Rev. Rice stated thatIn line with the pleas made by Giv. after mature deliberation and consid-rest, charged with beatinj.,. v. uUu1Wi, p'wiucuu xU no.- j in niic ilu. me picas iuiiue uj uu. auer mature aeiiDerauon ana consiapreviously announced that the Stanley and Commissioner of Agricul- eration of the call he had decided to'inril fpntiirp nP tli mppHnir wnnlfi fnr PvVhon fn-r tVia dmnrarolnn nf all .. i i i.i i. i t s 4.i.j; f -. t-i- on rintors nr iinripr n.r- -uauu-Aiucni-un ..www . - ueuii uicviuuoiv auiiuuuueu liiux me ouuiiuv aim iumiiiissioner or Airricutu uedLit principal feature or the meeting woull ture Cohen for the conversion of all accept, and would be in Paris this, X WT" wUreganc inquanai uecau&e iie biiuuieu De a "sewing bee" for the Confederate available space into gardens for the week to hold a conference with thjinri' to mpfif. as mam of thenT.. OTnmstn " TnniiQniii n'ifh f"n n j.1 -r i si tt xi jaa -r- i .i Aiucnuj, lUHuuuu., wx iVi room m me iuassie iuemonai nospuai, raising oi looasums, .rans people naye omcers and' to meet asothers, was set upon when singing aim as a result the ladies brought their responded nobly and generously to tlje congregation personallyAmerican songs and waving Ameri- sewing tools along, which they used to call, and all over the city gardens are Rev. fiice will not assucan nags, tour or me men auacKea the best possible advantage.as he could.nitv ororrlpns nrp Dmr nun ii.;ii ,- nn,,. m. ,i, ..:-.- t - ..w v.. 0..v.. ..w 11,01, iiiv;e in iiul assume tne uuiiir-)A 1jir?A rpnlapinir uniispfl hnolr lnta nnH lnfs of Uir, ,.,. v.nran ..n:i T..rv ..v.n..w uww www..w . .--. .. .. ov x--...(-, .. w .www wv. w ... iiia iirj uiiiiiuc uiiLii j uiic ivueiiescaped, but with broken ribs and number of articles, both useful and or- that have .previously been used as he will come to Paristo take chareebruises. The victims were ordered to namental, were made as a result of ths dumping grounds for rubbish. permanently. While liere this week hethrown down their flags and shout for members' skill with the needle. These THE NEWS learns on good author- will at'.ond to some of the minor deGermany. This they rerused to do articles, after adjournment of the meet- ity that Mr. Catesby Spears, of E. F tails nocessary to a change of resiand the fight ensued. ing, were delivered at the hospital by Spears &. Sons, of Paris, has made p. dence.Mrs. Russell Mann and Mrs. Charles C. proposition to the Bourbon County Rev. Rice is a man of great powerPHILADELPHIA, April 23. Secret Leer. Health & Welfare League and the and a noted pulpit orator. His corn-codes containing a cipher order to dis , jjue to the tireless efforts of Mrs. Paris Civic League to donate the usa ing to Paris will be a decided benefitmantle machinery on interned German Russell Mann, the Chapter announced of four acres of tillable land located and he will add great strength andliners upon the severance of diplo- a donation of $75 had Been made to the in the old Fair Grounds Addition near put nexv lite in the work of the churchmatic relations by the United States Jefferson Davis Memorial to be erected Paris, which they recently purchased, here.were discovered on the German at Fairview, Ivy., also to the Educa- as a community garden. It was sug-, Work on the new church is prosteamship Prinz Oskar and Rhaetia, tional Fund, and to the Arlington Me- gested that the entire four acres be ceedinq as rapidly as circumstancesaccording to W. M. Berry, collector morial in Arlington Cemetery, near divided into small garden plots, to b and wo.ither conditions will permit,of the port The two vessels, in gov- Washington, which is to be completed worked by boys and grils and as manV The foundation and stone work haveeminent subsidy here were inspected this year. A number of cards of able bodied men as could be obtained been completed, preparatory to be"by representatives of the United thanks were received from individuals for the purpose of raising vegetables ginning work on the superstructure, ofStates shipping board and were order- to whom the U. D. C. had rendered and foodstuffs on the community plan vnat will be a modern church edificeed to a local shipyard for repairs. marked favors. that has proven so successful and ju an respects.Collector Berry announced that when At the conclusion of the business ses profitable in hundreds of other places. ,the two liners have been made sea- si0n an interesting social hour followed It was further stated that Mr. Spears ivriihv thPvnmhnhlvwilllft be Dlaced Hnrimr which refreshments -of choco- also offered to donate enough seed to POPULAR RAILROAD ATTACHE-- .-- J W- - U. ...2 -. -in the translantic service under gov- late and wafers were served. , start the project, provided the Healtheminent direction. The United Daughters of the Confed- & Welfare League and the Civiceracy are doing as much as any other League would take the matter in hanq After thirteen years business con-WASHtXGTON, April 23. The State somen's organization to keep alive the and see to the working of the gardens, mection in the employ of the Louisvilledepartment, in a statement made re- spirit qf patriotism, which is the under- The matter has been referred to& Nashville railroad in various ca-cently charges the German military lying principle of the work, as well as Mrs. Harriet Minaker, Visiting Nurse pacities Mr. J. Kiser Smith has leftgovernor in forcing the liquidation of to perpetuate the memory of the gal of the Health & Welfare League, and the service, and will in the futuracertain Belgian' business firms and jant men of '61, who, were they called others prominent in the work, who will occupy a responsible iposition with thehas gone so far as to order them to upon, would respond just as readily to endeavor to stimulate a spirit of co-!commission flrra 0f b jr Spears &turn in to banks within the German the Nation's defense as they did to operation in the boys and girls of the Sons, in Paris.mTirP amount of accounts held by thpir beliefs in the troublous days of citv. Mr. Smith, by close attention to. .,,.l- -!i! .. . .. -T . I TP.VWE KNOW HOWBoys' SuitsFor Spring and Summer Wear 1RESIGNS HIS POSITIONFrench and British citizens.the Civil War.HAMILTON, ONT., April 23. Lieut.Col. Walter Stewart, a native of Covington, Ky., who had the unique distinction o commanding tne nr&t ma- Deginiringchine gun battalion in tne worm, aaa iows:been killed m action witn tne uuaumutroops, according to a cablegram received here.WEATHER FORECAST.Everybody almost is planting a gar- .business, has risen from the ranks bvden this year. Paris people are com- progressive stages, until he had beenine rieht to the front in the nation- nodfmori tn tvio fmnnrtnin nnotfinn nrwide movement to produce more food, 'Ticket Agent at the Tenth Street. J .. .- ..A MJ X 1 n 4- 1 fl 1 f- VtnvavtswY IThe weather forecast for the week and many a 'ard that was as barren passenger station of the L .& N. inginning Sunday, April 22, is as fol- last ?ear as a Dilliard Dall wlU this.Paris In this pogiti0n he gained th-2cAlert to the clothing needs of Paris boys, wehave assembled an array of Suits. Furnishings, Hatsand Shoes that affords great pleasure to -every boywho wants to be well dressed.Every Good Style of theSeason is RepresentedNorfolk Models, Pinch Backs, Belted-All-ArouridStyles, and many others. Many new pattern effectsin seasonable colorings, blue serges, and other solidcolor effects in various fabrics. Sizes range from6 to 17 years; prices from$5.00 to $12.00We will be glad to show you our line of Boys'Wearing Apparel at any time.9.rWASHINGTON, April HO. The Sena:e recorded itself Fridav in favor ofpvcs censorship during the war.A censorship clause of ihe Administration's espionage bill, after decidedmodification, was retained in the hallny a vote of 43 to 33, in whjch partisandivision was disregarded The votecame after three days of sliarp debate,and was regarded as definitely forecasting final retention of the censorship provisions.For Ohio Valley and Tennessee Excent showers Tuesday or Wednesday' genemllyt fr, with normal temperature.seson respond greedily to tne garuen- esteem and good will of the traveling..'-. -.ifr iivirc rnic? ic ri nn o unci - -- .iuui.li. uuicoa 1,11 io vvi . nl,i,i.n vv hie iiTurnrm nniirrotiv tn niler's touch, unless tms isthe co-operation of our county peopleis had, they will be coming into townthis summer to buy fresh vegetablesfrom their city friends and relatives.TOBACCO FERTILIZER.Tobacco FertilizerIs limited. Place ordersonce.C. S. BRENT & BRO.(April20-4t)Mr. Smith's resignation became effective Saturday, and he assumed hisnew duties yesterday with Spears &It is heped that the generous offer here h Mr w R clinkenbeard, whoXTti Cnnnfo mov Ya appontorl anii . . .... ., -- ----- nas ior several years ueeu. nigutSuddiv that those four acres will soon be .... Qcr . . fll. TTfnn ottinT1 in iI i. Wnnmtni nrtfl PIlrITIO tllPfr flHOfJl,!! . . , .atblooming and bearing their (lttM-PAxfngg0lifnA cfufFc. fry fha foorUntr rf tVlO mill.m.5Mitchell & BlakemoreSole Agents For Nettleton Fine Shoes and Dr.Reed's Cushion, Sole Shoes.IiitBLUE GRASS DENTISTSPLEDGE SUPPORT TO U. S.AMSTERDAM, Aprilhave broken out in various munitionsfactories in Germany, includingKnipps, the Telegraaf says iti..ri,ii fv.vm fjprman sources.According to the Berlin Vorwaerts, whateverI At a meeting of the Blue Grass Den95 strikes tal Society, held at the Phoenix Hotel.; Tovirnrton TTririnv rno-ht. the follow- urve1U UAllftl.W4, . ", -C3 " . . ...,. ,lj .-4.,i...i i, t-. it stead ot wearing out tneirthe ing reSOlUUUllb, muuuueu lv ui. ii. ---- - , .has H. Dailey, of Paris, were adopted, polishing the chair seats.pledging support of the members to In onlr to further stimulate interesteopvipo President Wilson anu nvairy amuii6 mc wj " totitudes. IIf the police and county authoritieswill get together they can round upenough able bodied loafers of bothblack and white in and round Paris, towork these gardens. These fellowshaven't the nerve to join the army orthe navy, but they should be made tithe country in some way, m-trousersWalhClothesin the garden project, Mr. Spears.14- : sv f 1 nmhe strike continues every nere m - t resolved That the Blue Gras.i has agreed to offer a prize of $25 toPerlin, and Chancellor voi, iBe hman- Be it r 2? " the boy or girl who makes the bestTiollweg's reply to a deputation of - u ,t d gtot t be showing in raising vegetables on thewkers from the Deutsc assigned t0 them,and Munitions Fabnk, of Berlin, was a rvice to our countrv " Ihis sluld be an incentive tndeclination to assume the task of ar- mX?SmIlar resota- the young people to put forth theirhitrator !tion was also n Saturday by the best efforts.State Board of Dental ExaminersAre Stylish and Right for Spring iTIL, PASO. TEX., April .-Amer- 0 . w T a cfoni1ont!nn f the di-can Ambassador Henry Fletcher wa, rection Qf the society, telegraphed thohissed in the chamber of deputies resolution to Presicient Wilson. Detailswhen he appeared for the opening ot f the.Reserve Dental Corps were exthe Mexican Congress, according to -a lained by Dr. w. S. Bradbury, of theTeport received here from aiexico v,itybv government agents.The report stated that German'Minister von Eckhardt was escorted tohis seat bv a delegation of six deputies :md that the German minister war,given an ovation when he appeared-which lasted more than thirty minutes.Give us liberty of body, mind andsoul, or else wehaven't any liberty attill.rTLse from Paris who attended were WORK TO BE STARTEDDr. Raymond McMillan, president ofthe Association; Drs. Harry Mathers,J. H. Conner, M. H. Dailey.SOON ON KRESS BUILDING.The news was given out in Paris, Saturdav that the actual work of construem i J 1.o TTroco Prt'q hllilf.inf? fit. tlli5nuu uii ti& i"""j u v...w...0,. i" iir.i-r.or pifn5 nRlcini: ihem to aist Federal officers, including the ' corner of Main and Sixth streets would jarmy, in suppressing the sale of arms soon he under way.. TTT t Admiraltv'and munitions in the present crisis,' Mr. Fred s. MCUormicK, oi ut o. r.LONDON, Aipnl 23. The Admiralty ..avoifJ the danger 0Z McOormick Lumber Co., of Lexington,announces that two German destroy- munitions falling into the hands, was in Paris, Saturday, taking meas-ers, possibly three, have been sunk m f onsible persons. "urements and a general survey of thethe course of a German raid near uo- pRANKF0RTf K7f Aprii 23. Orga-ot on which the building is to bever. . niZation for the purpose of conserving erected. Mr. McCormick's firm hasFive German destroyers took part 111 suDDly was discussed by Gov- been awarded the general contract,the Dover raid. They were engaged i meQ from eyery Tfaey m make formal application forby the two Dover patrol vessels, me gection q the state at a conferencR a building permit at the meeting of theBritish suffered no material damage. q motion Qf Br j T McCor-'City Council next Thursday night,The British casualties were slignt in cfanipv was direct 'which, of course, will be granted.comparison with the results 0Dta' , orffanize the State so that every! As soon as this arrangement is ef-nve uermduo i IM l f in nnpm. fontori Hip. bids of local contractors ioimnnnc nnvisim. t'i.LL uc uuu xaav wkw-. . .www v..vOne hundred andsaved.i ...mmmanf TITnh'nrio savs tnat l" .- : r--tion to increase the food supply.the various portions of the wfork willtbe opened, and the contracts for theBUNEOS AIRES, April -d. m ui-j AAIsrERDAIf April 23. More than work awarded, with the understandingthat the government pro d- Gorman fusiliers, sailors and land- that work will commence at once. It isablv will break off relations u luC Mnndav evening, tried likelv that all the local contractorsGerman minister as there is no hope ( Dutcll.Bel&ian frontie- who have put in bids will be awardedof obtaining satisfactory ex.Plan"J flom thf. environs of Knocke to Gear contracts. While here Mr. McCormickor indemnification of the sinking or tne TTniinnri savs tne Handelsbad, made arrangements with Mr. Edw.Monte Protegido. It adds tnat Yf.6" 'ut the attempted desertion was fus-, Tucker for the use of space adjoiningtine will then join the nations ngnting h&d been pur. his business house for the erection ofr iiv.fi- civilization and democracy. l ,,,., i. tti,iod nww a4rn0fnro in whinh tn Iveenwl'.i:Z ;ritPnt rumor here sued and attacKeu uy uma.'i nun i l ij u uwthat the Argentine sailing ship Orianaa temporary structure in which to keepi tools, and an office for the consultationhas been sunk by a submarine in tnej ' Qn Friday evening offici-l The building, as shown on the plans,Meditemnean. Confirmation or oe- b d American embassy will Le an ornamental additionnial of the rumor is awaited with great an relations with the 'to that part of the city, and will beeagerue&.l ,. . 4v i,o tppti hrnV-pn off. ac- used bv the Kress people, as one of tneThere is a report also that the AT-,i.n - dispatch forwarded 'chain of five and ten cent stores, which:, tompr Hunimalan, a vessel conuiis w dwu , 4 . , ... 1.i1ii,i,ni' nil nvpr thegtaiLiuo oi.v-- t-, -Rp.itprs correspondent m aiuoici- ,iuc mo Ci.uiuo""oof L827 tons, has been sunk. Nonews by Refers corr P It was stated that the Com-f her arrival at her iport of destina- aan AmbassadoT Elkus, who is pany at fiat contemplated using toofe has been received thus far. Xin- from typhus fever, the re-(entire irontage of the lot, but latervc- Arfi 91 nort adds will have .to remain some I plans established a passage way olA4H ANTONIO, TEXAS. April 23.- port ados will n v otmenl Pershing, commander S -rTdition has shown some -im-1 he contemplated building and the bus-ouu-w DBUWA t -. .0 lf rrinlfAii. - ri:Copyrlsht, Hilton Ochs & Co.HERE'S life, spirit and vigor in thesenew Suits we are showing for Spring.They are bought so they will becomethe man or the young man that wishes stylishclothes.The patterns and colorings are all newand you can take your choice in single ordouble breasted models, pinch and beltedbacks, or plain, just as you like.All Wool fabrics, hand tailored andighquality go to make these clothes strong values at these prices$12.50 to $30.00OUR BOYS' DEPARTMENTWe have assembled in this department thestrongest lines of Boys' Clothing in Paris. Everywish a boy could have in selecting his clotheshas been granted by the makers. Pinch backs,with or without belts, are the new models carefully made up in the latest patterns and all woolfabrics.We have a specially selected line of suits withextra trousers in new fabrics and patterns splendid values at their prices$4.00 to $12.50.:T4rkmint. has.Chambers of Commerce provementliness house of Mr. Tucker;P. WALSHSeventh and Main , ONE PRICE STORE ' Paris, KentuckyR,PAGE TWOTHE BOURBON NEWS, PARIS, KY.TUDAY, APRIL 'M, Iflf.tfrr&H!5IThe Bourbon News"bllhed 188135 Years of Conjj tinuous Publication.'Wished Every Tuesday and Friday,)r Year. ..$2.00 Six Months... $1.00Payable in Advance.,JTWIFT CHAMP, Editor and Owner.' Mr..- ... ..n.upon.. au; enuueuua luuetuuu upuu iucjaracter, standing or reputation ofjtv-.-w, . wm.waumwu. ...-..appear in the columns of THEta r i Vf t tf t? ! . f?ted 1L Drought tO attention OI til)rf AnvwnTrsTvr.PiTP.QirZH""FifTn651-!0 ,J?Stech for first time; 50 cents per inchJrfi. ... ,.Jtech issue: reading notices in blackfeme. 20 cents ner line, each issue.-"- - 'ise casn.CSt'cf$EDITORIAL MUSINGS. .Cards of thanks, calls on candi- auction Favoraoie growing conuiuonsAtfes, obituaries and resolutions, and exist in such regions; farmers therefcnilar matter, 10 cents per line. !are familiar with corn-growing; theySpecial rates for large advertise- have the necessary equipment availa -"$ ri&rSttSSli reserved-ble' and haVe adapted Cm Produc -todedi?atwr on to prevailing economic conditionstefetter for publication. (Farmers m such regions, throughAnnouncements for political offlces'many years of experience, have learn -must invariably be accompanied by ed methods of successfully combattingJ The Town Beautiful Movement. use during the coming season in orThe real estate promotor is a" nee der that however unfavorable condi'tssary element in town development, tions may be production of an excep;B3s faith in the town and enterprise as tionally large crop may be assured.n investor makes a place grow. He In practically every county in thetakes chances with his funds, and his country in which experience hasadvertising pushes a town along. But shown that corn may be producedlis laying out of new tracts of land is successfully, the posibilities of inJiot always conducive to town beauty, creasing the corn ciop without en, There has been a great tendency to croaching upon othsr importantat up land into too small houselots. ci'Cips is at least worthy of consideraOutlayig tracts may be worth but a tion, if land, labor, and seed aresmall fraction of a cent per square available.Joot There is plenty of room forlawn, and garden per square foot..There is plenty of room for lawn and !garden for each house. But the dealer ,aiay think that one 60 foot lot would"Bring nearly as much money as twof thirty-foot frontage each.Real estate auctions, with gift features, balloons, band concerts, etc.lave been a feature of development in jmany places. If they induce people toluy tiny little lots to be covered later,-with insigniflcent little congesteddwellings, they do not promote the iTown Beautiful Movement"Thickly placed houses on little lots'grvB an impression of poverty. The 'people are too close to each other, jThere is no elbow room. Children,dogs, and hens roam at will in a thick- jly settled district. It becomes imnonxible to develop flowers or shrubbery.If grass is .planted, the hurrviner fPPtf children, seeking in vain for a real jjlaygrcund, soon-wear it out. IThe cutting up of real estate is aiiffimilfr. matter in nnntrnl In- lot.. ieif could be well regulated, it would be.w. , v.vv.v,i uj ian. iL,x blessing, but public sentiment is hos-(wasHie to much interference with privateproperty.People should exercise more senseJn choice of homes. Let them insistn decent sized house lots. A hundred or two added to cost of land, following by planting of grass and shrubsand trees, will add many times the additional cost to the value of the property.,Be Careful In Act and Speech.THE NEWS hopes that there is no 'Doan's Kidney Pills the same thatGerman or other alien in Bourbon' Mrs. Feltmann had. Foster-Milburncouty who would by speech or deed,cause the native-born to lose that exalted opinion they have always heldfor them. There may come a time,and that time may be here, when thoseiroia uie rauierianti leel that they aresot in accord with what this country is wireless telegraph operators, and, indoing to preserve the National honor some instances recently, boats leavingand dignity of the American flag. I American ports have been held up unit fs hoped that there lives no man! til a man could be found.of foreign birth in this section who j a few days ago a boat bound for anendorses Germany's submarine war- English port wanted an operator badlylire, which has cost the lives of so The place was offered to two Philamany Americans, but should there be.'delphia operators, but they hesitatedit-would be well for him to ponder ,at taking chances with German subbefore he puts his feelings into words' marines, and the master of the craftr actions The American people arevas forced to pick up a gallant soulJa no humor to take insults. Their pa-from New York who agreed to maketnmce is already threadbare. The large the trip. Wireless operators on cargomajority are in thorough accord with boats get from ?40 to $60 a month an-IPresident's Wilson's course calling their keep.iot war wiin uerniany and means withnich to wage that war, and criticismo the President's action in the prem-o v icnoucu uj jjuinuuc C1U-i IJence is golden just now. If ourrr ads from across the waters canbe loyal to. the flag they are living5tr, they can at least refrain froro:inj,vuu6 uiuee wuo are, ana ineyIJ.i.t il 1. j ... Ijki ao it. uncie bam, as well as theJoeaJ county and city officials are tak-12l"to see i0 V-rt aCt fSisommltted or permitted to go unob-served. Bridges, public buildings andthe like are all guarded, while secretservice men are doing duty in everycounty in tlie State and the Nation, jTHE NEWS does not wish to seeanyone get into trouble. It is just asfriendly to the man from Germany asit is to him who was born in the landof the Stars and Stripes, so longas he is a good citizen. It feels thatit is its mission tD give the news ando all the good it can. It feels that itis its mission to warn where there isdnnirpr Tf nrnnnsps in rln it flnt.v nowucb-. . .wvruu . u iw ..., ..,.1 ecause it believes there's dangerauctu iui ciiuoc nu ocan. ii4xv-vantlv. disresnectfullv or threateninglyof the flag, of theT government or its... nr wlin mar ho tomntPrl hv im..VlIi-U, . .V UV " .WHV J .-ipetuous feelings to act unwisely.increase corn PRODUCTION INPROVED CORN REGIONS,The Secretary of Agriculture has( issued the following statement:1 Corn is America's most importantcerealIt can be grown successfullyover a wiaer area uian. any uuier aim.. .. .. 3furnishes nutritious food for man as,well as the staple grain feed for cat- Laconia-like. "Those dastardly Gertie and draft animals. The produc- manSf i murmured, and went deepetion of corn should be increased this jnj.Q thought.year lo uie miiest extent, uuung into,consideration seed, labor, and exist-'wai.f : tool"c a liara piln at my shoe! lowing the burning of the building,jing economic conditions, and the avail- string which promptly broke. (Mr. Griffith moved ta his farm nearablility of good land in corn growing. 'instead of the usual twenty-five min- Cynthiana, where he resided until hisnAmnni- -Tint- nnnAnA mnra lircrontK' for - i n. t. i rloofll ahnilt Jl VP51T I&C.ilc6,uuo ""- "ccu. Wxw UxbwUw. .( other crops. The acreage may wellS,Q innr0!,CpH in mnst nf thp pniintrvlr:VT,rr a n ; :; . ;east of the the 100th meridian, as"t- in geuera1' thriveS in thiS re":nnAn appreciable increase in the corncrop is most feasibie however, inthe sections of lngiiest corn proi-.- ...adverse conditions. They know tnatthe planting of virile, tested seed inwell-tilled, friable s-oil, immeaiate re-planting of missing mils, ana eany ing had put more thought into hisaild continued cultivation ot the fields writing and less into his toilet, thingscounts for much in the ability of the would have een much nicer. Sheriplants to produce a bountiful yield. dan (Wye) Enterprise.This knowledge should be put to good ,HAVE YOU A BAD BACK?If You Have, the Statement of ThisParis Resident Will Interest You.Mothers who cling to the old form ofDoes your back ache, night and day; physic simply don't realize what theyHinder work; destroy your rest? ' do. The children's revolt is wellDoes it stab you through and through founded. Their tender little "insides"When you stoop or lift or bend?Then your kidneys may be weak.Often backache is the clue.Just to give you further proof,The kidney action may be wrong.If attention is not paidMore distress will soon appear.Headaches, dizzy spells and nerves, IUric acid and its ills iMake the burden worse and worse. ILiniments and plasters can'tReach the inward cause at all;Help the kidneys use the pillsParis folks have tried and provedWhat they say you can believe.Read this Paris woman's, account.See her, ask her, if you doubt.Mrs. J. C. Feltmann, S. PleasantSt., Paris, says: "A few years ago, 7suffering with kidney complaintMy back was the worst source of painand ached dreadfully. I found it diffi-cult to bend or stoop. I had oftenread about Doan's Kidney Pills and Iused a box. They cured me of the attack. Whenever I ha" e had) any returnsymptoms, I have used Doan's KidneyPills, procured from Oberdorfer'sDrug Store and.have received the samegood results."Price 50c, at all dealers. Don't sim-Inly ask for a kidney remedy getCo., Props., Buffalo, N. Y. (adv)RADIO MEN SCARCE.(Philadelphia North American.)There is a shortage of first-classSOMETHING TO WORRY ABOUT.Whv nnf roico tlio xrnr rovnnno Twman or womaD who sits behindQt t, mo. , r a anwipr pH- w th vt cthl. mnvn rtotum ic .miner t h0?'ye think it-- w .w t -ww. w .w ouo ir Kl .a corking good idea?Lald.up treasures are generallyV ther generally thet6Jen fruits of labor. ' tTHINKING WHILE DRESSING.A few days agv one of iheleadingjournals ot the country advanced thesuggestion that if a person wouldthink while dressing he would workhis brain 330 hours a year more thanat present It also had something tcsay to the effect that the aforesaidnumber of hours would more thandouble the thinking period of mostpeople.The last thought may have been intho nntnro n? a PrmfPRcjinn. hut at nnvmuuui yiuua.w.y xu. cav,COo ui pov iMv. uubuiv, . wui-u.w.., - ...,rate the first seemed to be worth try-'lllB UUu m wuo 5c "i. 'v'"'v.. r.fellow has to test every new "time-saving" fad.. Annnrilintrlv T nut tlio ciifrprpsHnn miI ilVUlUJIlb'J i' J00ww...w.. w.trial the other morning. Standing be-fore the mirror with razor poised foriLi,n,.innr t .nnfrntrf mv rninri unmi'late Mr. Wm. K. Griffith, of Harrisonthe horrors of war with its sinkingvessels ana rivers oi uiuuu. xue uimgbecame s0 reai fo me that I forgotevervthing and was not at all dismayedto 4:ee a stream of hlood coursingfiown mv cheek from a slip of thlin virgin soil and old sod. The late"raZ0r. Next my shaving soap glided outllA hnsin aml flive(i to the bottom.Tntftnt. mtm the tue and tussle of!oi wnc hnmpH tn thp Errmmrl. Foluteg ror uressing ana snaving, it naui"""" - - - .under the i mproved method taken prac-1 MJS n n?7hP "ffnoit ?S... , .... i t , teen hundred acres of the finest andthat ,t was worth ,t and slruck out"ca. an nour- rtL...contentedly down the street."When I walked ino the office therewas a pigie ana some one usKeu,where is your collar?" To my amazement I found that I had forgotten it.To make matters worse I spied a red; necktie sticking jauntly out of myiianQkerchief pocketl j hurried nome to get a collar andwL greeted with the news that Ileft the hot water running andhad thrown a collar and handkerchiefjon the edge of the firepiace.I n thp wav hoCir tn the office I didsomo real thinking and came to theconciusj0n that if the man who wrotean editoriai 0n "Thinking While Dress-CHILD HATES OIL,CALOMEL, PILLS FORLIVER AND BOWEL3Give "Califonla Syrup of Figs"Cross, Sick, Feverish,Constipated.IfLook back at your childhood daysRemember the "dose" mother insistedon castor oil, calomel, cathartics.How you hated them, how you foughtagainst taking themI With our children it's different.are injured by them.If your child's stomach, liver andbowels need cleansing, give only delicious "California Syrup of Figs." Itsaction is positive, but gentle. Millionsof mothers keep this harmless "fru'.tlaxative" handy; they know childrenlove to take it; that it never fails toclean the liver and bowels and sweetenthe stomach, and that a teaspoonfulgiven to-day saves a sick child to-morrow.Ask your druggist for a 50-cent bottle of "California Syrup of Figs,"which has full directions for babies,children of all ages and for grown-upplainly printed on each bottle. Be-ware of counterfeitssold here."CaliforniaSeFig.that it is made bySvrun Company." Refuse any otherkind with, contempt.CANDIDATES WARNED OF NEW"CORRUPT PRACTICE ACT."It is highly important for candidatesfor office in Kentucky to familiarizethemselves with the provisions of the"Corrupt Practice Act," passed by theLegislature of 1916.It is compulsory that each candidate file with the County Clerk orproper official an itemized statementof expenses incurred during his campaign, such as printing, stationery,stamps, stenographers, rent for publichalls for speaking, and all other expenses incurred pertaining to his election. Such papers must be filed fifteen days before the primary, and alsofifteen days before the regular election. The penalty or failing to complywith this law, is a fine in any sum notto exceed $5,000, or to be confined inthe county jail not to exceed sixmonths, or both.The BOURBON NEWS has been appointed as agent in Bourbon countyto handle and sell the Thomas Kentucky Election Forms, which areused for this purpose. With theseforms it is no trouble to keep an accurate account of expenditures, etc.These forms are reserved and protected by law by the Cadiz Record, oECadiz, Ky.All candidates are required to makethese statements, and the easiest andbest way is to purchase one of theseforms now. The price is ?1.50. Comein and see one, and give us your order.We have samples to show, but willhave to sendvin orders to Cadiz forstock. We are going to send in anorder next week. Let yours come withthe rest.THE BOURBON NEWS,(tf) Paris, Ky.HENRY S. CAYWOOD BUYSGRIFFITH FARM NEAR PARIS.The highest price ever paid In Bourbon county for a farm of so largeacreage, was paid "Wednesday by Mr.Henry S. Caywood, the well-knownBourbon farmer and stock dealer,when he become the purchaser of themagnificent tract of 225 acres of landlocated in the edge of Paris, on theWinchester pike, and known as theGriffith farm.The purchase pne involves ano0rA nr a total of around S60 000 forg? i-Jct of 225 acres '.T navwnnri marin Mip niirphasftU, " at TTarfnnt Griffith nf TrnTisiiaCity, Mo., who, with his sister, MissriT.iffif1i nf Tfnncsnc: Pifv wpro Mip RolftMl IIHU", "- ..w VJ, ..w.w ..w w .owners of the property. Mr. brimmana ms slSLer are Brauucunureu ui uw1, the land fromThe farm is one of the most desirable country places in the county. Thebig body o land is in a high state ofcultivation, with a large amount of it! rr n.!sii. r 1.. nn:l,lAir. w. r unmiu luruieny icamcuon the place, on which was located astately colonial mansion. More thanfifty years ago the handsome dwelling house was set on fire by a coloredservant employed in the Griffith familyllty sl honorable gen-Imost productive land in Bourbontleman, has by his splendid businessability acquired his fine land holdings, and to-day is known far and wideas one of Bourbon's most useful anddependable citizens.Mr. Caywood purchased the Griffithland as an investment, and the placewill be used for stock grazing and cultivation. STOP LEFT OVER COUGHS.Dr. Bell's Pine-Tar-Honey will stopthat hacking cough that lingers fromJanuary. The soothing pine balsamloosens the phlegm, heals the irritatedmembrane, the glycerine relieves thetender tissues. Don't neglect a lingering cough, it is dangerous. Dr. BellsPine-Tar-Honey is antiseptic and pleasant to take, benefits young and old,get it at your druggist to-day. Formulaon the bottle. 25c.(april-adv)Real Chinese Dragon.That dragon monster of which theChinese are so fond did actually exist,according to a Shanghai correspondentOf the London Times. It is knownthat reptiles existed, very similar tothe favorite picture! dragons, andthere is reason to believe that somemeasured as long as 00 feot.KENTUCKY TRACTION& TERMINAL COMPANYInterurbaii Schedule.CARS LEAVE10:05 p. m. 11:00 p. m.Paris Lexingtonfor forLexington Paris6:45 a. m. 6:00 a. m.7:30 a. m. 7:20 a. m.8:15 a. m. 8:00 a. m.9:00 a. m . 8:50 a. m.9;45 a. m. 10:20 a. m.11:15 a. m. 11:50 a. m.12:45 p. m. 1:20 p. m.2:15 p. m. 2:50 p. m3:45 p. m. 3:30 p. m.4:30 p. m. 4:20 p. m6:15 p. m. 5:00 p. m.6:05 p. m. 6:00 p.m.6:50 p. m. 7:20 p.m.8:15 p. m. 9:10 p. m.$1.50TOCincinnatiand ReturnOn Special Sunday Excursion onSunday, April 29Special train leaves Paris 8:20a. m., arriving in Cincinnati at10:30 a. m.Returning leaves Cincinnati(4th Street Station) at 7 p. m.W. V. SHAW, Agent.J. K. SMITH, T. A.Kentucky Educational AssociationLOUISVILLE, APRIL 18-28Low Round Trip Rates From Paris and All Way StationsLouisvile & Nashville RailroadTICKETS ON SALE APRIL 24-25-26; LIMIT MAY 1I r.2 nsMimMmiiMwuMMMiiiiiiiimniiiMiMiimiSTACY - ADAMSSHOESj.4.J3.$7-oo and $7-50jaI Take Advantage of These Prices It and Save Money.I HARRY LINVILLE IoA MAN AND HIS WIFELEVY, THE DRY CLEANERCumberland Phone 40 Home Phone 169 2L. & N. TIME TABLEEffective Sunday, April 22, 1917, 12:01 a. m.JTRAINS FROM ARRIVALNo.134 Lexington, daily except Sunday 5:18 m34 Atlanta, daily - 5:25 am25 Cynthiana, daily except Sunday ,....7:35 am10 Rowland, daily except Sunday -....7:36 am11 Maysville daily .except Sunday ,-' , 7:38 am40 Lexington daily except Sunday , ...7:40 am211 Maysville, Sunday anly 8:00 am210 Rowland, Sunday only .r. 8:05 am40 Lexington, Sunday only 8:10 am17 Maysville, daily except Sunday 9:50 am37 Cincinnati, O., daily '. 9:52 am12 Lexington, daily 10:12 am33 Chicago, daily 10:17 am26 Lexington, Daily Except Sunday 12:00 m29 Cynthiana, Daily Except Sunday 2:55 pm9 Maysville, Daily Except Sunday 3:00 pin138 Lexington, Daily 3:12 pm38 Knoxville, Tenn., Daily 3:15 pm19 Maysville, Daily 5:40 pm39 Cincinnati, Daily Except Sunday 5:50 pm14 Lexington, Daily Except Sunday 6:18 pm32 Jacksonville, Fla., Daily 6:33 pm214 Lexington, Sunday only 9:20 pm239 Cincimiati, Sunday only 9:30 pm31 Cincinnati, O., Daily 10:38 pm130 Lexington Daily 10:23 p mTRAINS FOR LEAVBNo.16 Maysville, Daily except Sunday ! 5:30 am34 Cincinnati, waily 5:30 am40 Cincinnati, daily except Sunday 7:45 am11 Lexington, daily except Sunday 7:47 am10 Maysville, daily except Sunday 7:48 am211 Lexington, Sunday only 8:10 am240 Cincinnati, Sunday only 8:20 am25. Lexington, dally except Sunday 9:55 am37 Knoxville, daily f 9:57 am133 Lexington, daily 10:20 am33 Jacksonville, daily 10:22 am18 Maysville, daily 12:04 pro26 Cynthiana, daily except Sunday 12:05 pm13 Lexington, daily except Sunday 3:17 pm38 Cincinnati, daily 3:20 pm39 Lexington, daily except Sunday. 5: 57 pn9 Rowland, Daily except Sunday - 6:00 pm14 Maysville, daily except Sunday 6:33 pm32 Chicago, dally 6:38 pm30 Cynthiana, daily except Sunday 6:48 pm139 Lexington, Sunday only !9:38 pm118 Maysville, Sunday only. 9J30 pm214 "Maysville, Sunday only .....". .9 :30 pm239 Lexington, Sunday only !!..9:38 pm209 Richmond, Sunday onlv 9:40 pm119 Rowland, Sunday only !!!1!9:40 pm129 Lexington, Daily ."... ..6: 35 p mUJ- TTlVrTri-T K TtT -TnNO. TRAINS ARRIVE FROM2 Frankfort, Ky., Daily Ex. Sunday 7:38 a. m4 Frankfort, Ky., Daily Ex. Sunday 5:50 p. m.'TRAINS DEPART FOR1 Frankfort, Ky., Dally Ex. Sunday 8:25 a. in.2 Frankfort, Ky., Daily Ex. Sunday .... ... - 6:25 p. ja.SEE NEAREST L. & N. AGENT FOR PARTICULARS 9fAgencymay both derive saiisfactionby having their worn and soiledgarments cleaned by us. Thecost is nominal, while the pleasure of wearing old clothes thathave the appearance of new,conjunction with the knowledgethat you are effecting a greatving, must surely satisfy you.m A phone brings U3..- .-! .'&??,wtS-j?V:-!Y-,If-y,fc-?-.tlPUBBDAY, APRIL 24, 1917.THE TOURBON NEWS, PARIS, KT.PAGEANNOUNCEMENT.We are authorized' to announce thagood Democrats below as candldiatesiFor Rent.Nice ground floor room in residenceat the Democratic primary on August,00 Pleasant street, near Tenth, con-4. 1917. to fill the offices to which vwuem iu v. oc . siauon ana post-they aspire:FOR STATE SENATORLEE W. WAINSCOTT,Clark County.GEORGE HON,Clark County.ABRAM RENICK,Clark County.office. Only desirable roomer wantedGas, bath, etc. Call this office.FOR REPRESENTATIVE.C. M. THOMAS1 FOR SHERIFF.WILL G. McCLINTOCK,... Doc Marshall and Bob Gilkey asdeputies.L. A. SOPER,W.Uh-D. S. Clarke and L. C. Ashcraftas deputies.LOST.A silver horseshoe pin, "somewherein Paris." Finder will be rewarded byreturning same to this office.(6-tf.GERMAN"DISTURBER"DIES INBELGIUM.LONDON, April 23. Reuter's Amsterdam correspondent says that according to a Brussels dispatch GeneralvonBissing, German Governor General in Belgium, died last week.Gerneral Baron Moritz Ferdinandson Bissing, was appointed GovernorGeneral of Belgium in November, 1914.in succession to General von der Golz.SOCIAL AND PERSONAL. kMMiiiiMMiiiiiiiiiiniuiiiiimiiimimninComings and Goings of OurPeople Here, There andElsewhere.Miss Florence Fee has returnedfrom a visit to Mrs. M. J. Toohey.Miss Ollie Butler is a guest offriends in Huntington. West Virginia.Mrs. Sarah Baxter has returnedFOR COUNTY JUDGE.GEORGE BATTERTONc. a. McMillan.FOR COUNTY ATTORNEYDAVID D. CLINE.For Rent.Nice cottage on Winchester street,Just across L. & N. tracks. Conveniently located.FUtST NATIONAL BANK.(3-tf)COUNTY SUPERINTENDENTSCHOOLS.J. B. CAYWOOD.MISS MABEL ROBBINS,OF. ,tk5FOR JAILERGEO. W. JUDYTHOS. TATJL,JOHN H. DOTY,WALKER KISER,C. T. MASTERSON,W. O. BUTLER,JOHN W. KING,J. W. HART.WZ J-For Rent.Three nice rooms, with electriclights and gas. Call at115 DUNCAN AVENUE.(3-tf)TTrTV - ;; x A. 2 . 7 Til? AHe was born in 1844,-Durlng his rule! 0V11J' to v S m W,TT'in Reiirinm n,norQi fZ t0i w! ' The Misses oung, of London,come into prominence many times, Xz mests of Dr' and Mrs J' M-Mr. J. Sims Wilson has returnednotably in connection with the execution of Miss Edith Cavell, the Englishlmrse, frequent clashes with CardinalMarcier, Primate of Belgium, and, thedeportation of Belgians.FOR RENT.Three unfurnished rooms at No. 733Walker avenue. Hot and cold waterand other conveniences. Call HomePhone 339. (jan30-tf)Seed Corn.Limited amount of Johnson Countywhite seed corn for sale.C. ALEXANDER.E. T. Phone 135.(17,3t)Wolf, Wile & Co.Lexington, Kentucky-Hemp Seed For Sale.Good cultivated hemp seed for sale.Call or writeSTANHOPE WIEDEMANN,.(10-tf) Route 8, Paris, Ky.Wanted.Notice To the Public!FOR ASSESSORWALTER CLARK,'m-T will nav this season the nicrhftstJj Paris, with Jno. J. Redmon, of North jprices t have ever been j mMiddletown, as deputy.GEO. D. SPEAKES,of Paris, with Lee R. Craven, of LittleRock at Deputy,FOR MAYORJAMES H. MORELAND.W. 0. HINTONE. B. JANUARYParis for horse hides, beef hides,heep ielts and furs.i I will also pay the highest marketi price for Rags and Paper. I will send'after it any place In the city. CallJ by Cumberland phone 374. Office onEighth Street.I (2O-OCM7C) MAX MUNICH."FOR POLICE JUDGECLAUDE F. REDMON,J. W. BROWN,P. A. THOMPSON.HARRY L. MITCHELL.ERNEST MARTINSelected Nursery Stock.I am local representative of the National Nurseries of Rochester, N. Y.A fine assortment of flowering shrubs,Let Me Do TheHousecleaning!With the aid of the Simplex VacuumCleaner, spring house cleaning is apleasure rather than a drudge. Iand general nursery stock to selecc ciean ""gs, uruggecs, etc., at ou centsfrom. Now is the time to make your P Carpets, Mattresses, Couches, etc.selection. Stock and prices guarav- satisfactorily done. Phone me at Paristeed. Realty Co., Cumb. Phone. 433.(io-tf) miss julia McCarthy. (i3-4t) gentry.VALUABLE LOTSAT AUCTIONWe will sell at public auction, on the premises, in the "OldFair Grounds' ' Addition to Paris, Kentucky, thirteen beautifulbuilding lots, located on Main Street, Clifton Avenue andthe Clintonville pike, and an up-to-date and modem frame cottageon Brent Street, near Nineteenth Street, onTHURSDAY, MAY 10, 1917,Beginning at 2:30 O'clock P. M.DESCRIPTION OF PROPERTY TO BE SOLD:No. 1 Lot opposite H. A. Power, I No. 9 Modern new cottage of fourfronting on Clintonville pike, and run- rooms, hall pantry and nicely, equipning back to an alley, and adjoining ped bath room. Has gas, electricMrs. W. F. Chappell. lights, etc. Rents for $150 per year.One of the best built houses in SouthNo. 2 Lot adjoining lot No. 1, on paris and will bear close inspection.Clintonville pike, running back to alley. This is a money getter. Located onNo. 3. Lot adjoining lot No. 2.fronting on Clintonville pike, runningback to an alleyNo. 4. Lot adjoining lot No. 3, fronting on Clintonville pike, running bac'rto alley.No. 5 Lot fronting on Clifton Avecue, running back to alley.No. 6 Lot fronting on Clifton Avenue, and adjoining Lot No. 5, runningLack to alley.No. 7 Lot fronting o nClifton Avenue, and adjoining lot No. 6, runningback to alley.No. 8 Lot fronting on Clifton Avenue, and adjoining lot No. 7, runningback to alley. Adjoins cottageSquire Ingram, on north side.Brent StreetNo. 10 Small lot on Nineteenth! Street, on alley, plenty big for a moneymaking rent cottage.' No. 11 Small lot on NineteenthStreet, and a money getter.No. 12 The bast situated big lot onSouth Main Street, 60 feet fronting onMain Street, with a depth of over 323feet; 140 feet wide in rear for a distance of more than 150 feet, making aregular farm in town, and on an alley.A beautiful site for a nice home, andjust beyond Nineteenth Street.No. 13 Beautiful Main Street lot, 40feet front by 150 feet in depth, to analley.No. 14 Is a duplicate of Lot No. 13,of which adjoins, is 40x150 feet, with alleyin rear.CallOne hundred barrels of corn.I. D. THOMPSON,Cumb. Phone 628,(10-tf) Paris, Ky.For SaleOne set of dining room furniture, lafirst-class condition. Call HomePhone 96, Paris.FOR SALE!Grocery Fixtures, Etc.I am closing out my grocery stockfast, and desire to sell the followingfixtures, etc., at once. Bring the cashand get these standard articles at abargain:1 Floor Case;1 Toledo Scoop Scale:2 Counter Show Cases;1 National Cash Register;1 Cellar Oil Tank;1 Dayton Meat Cutter;1 Fairbanks Floor Scales, 600 pounds'capacity.1 Display Bin;1 Oyster Display Case;2 Leer System Registers;1 Counter;,1 Chewing' Gum Case;1 Paper Cutter, 24 and 15 inches,combination;Lot of Candy Dishes;2 Molasses Pumps.All the above may be seen at mystore.13-tf) WM. SATJER.Master's SaleBOURBON CIRCUIT COURT.Ed. Emerson, PlaintiffVs. Notice of Sale.from a business trip to Pensacola,Oklahoma.Messrs. Robert S. Porter and Jno.Merringer were business visitors inCincinnati last week.Mia Don P. Sohlosser. of Columbus, Ohio, is a guest of her mother.Mrs. Mayme Parker.The Girls' Glee Club of the Georgetown College will give a concert atMillersburg. Wednesday.Mrs. Horace M. Taylor has returned to her heme in Carlisle aftera visit to friends and relatives inthis city,Mrs. James George has returned toher horne in Carlisle alter a visit toMrs. Elizabeth Hughes and other relatives in this city.Mrs. J. H. Cixton and Miss Roberta Lee Croxton, of near Winchester, are visiting relatives and friendsin this city and county.The members of the Country Clubwere entertained Friday night by Mr.,ana Mrs. Sam Hardins. at their homeon the North Middletown pike, nearParis. .Mr. and Mrs. Calvin Powell andlittle daughter, and Mr. HendricksMcCarthy attended the funeral andburial of Mrs. Emma Helphenstein, atEwing, last week.Mr. Jack Woods, who has beenseriously ill at his home on Eighthstreet, is gradually improving. Dr.O'Conner, a noted Louisville specialist,was here to see him Friday.The members of the Six-HandEuchre Club were lecent guests ofMrs. B. A. Frank at the Hotel Windsor. Refreshments were served atthe conclusion of several interestinggames,Mrs. Roger. Q. Thomson, of Columbia, S. C, has been a guest ofMayor and Mrs. John T. Hinton several days. Mrs. Thomson was enroute to St. Louis, Mo., to visit herson, Mr. Roger Thomson, Jr.Mrs. J. N. Hawkins, organist ofthe Broadway Christian Church, inLexington, gave a dinner at her homeon West Third street, in Lexington,Friday, in honor of "the members ofthe church choir. She was assistedin entertaining by her daughter, MrsTollie Young, of near North Middletown. Mrs. John A. Bower entertainedabout thirty-five guests last weekwith a luncheon at her home on Cyrress Street. The house, which ismost attractively furnished, was decorated with flowers, red roses, white carnations and blue violets, patriotic colors being also used in the place cards.Each guest was given a tiny silk flagas a souvenir. The invitations werefor one o'clock, when a dainty lunchwas served on small tables. Following the lunch, bridge, or five hundred,was played by the guests, who tarriedlate because they found Mrs. Boweran exceptionally gracious and charming hostess. The guests were: MrsW. H. Whitley, Mrs. Emmett M. Dick-1!son, Mrs. M. H. Dailey, Mrs. CharlesMay, Mrs. W. Ed. Tucker, Mrs. HarryMathers, Mrs. J. O. Marshall, Mrs. Wm.Bryan. Mrs. George Batterton. Mrs. D.S. Henry, Mrs. W. A. Wallen, Mrs. J.W. Bacon, Mrs. Curtis Henry, Mrs.Clarence Ashurst, Mrs. Rebecca Rudisell, Mrs. Walker, Mrs. Roy Clendenin, Mrs. W. K. Griffin, Mrs. ClydeHuffman, Mrs. J. H. Comer, Mrs. W.V. Shaw, Mrs. R. H. Wills, Mrs. Geo.W. Judy, Mrs. Watson Judy, Mrs.Claude F. Redmon, Mrs.W. W. Hinton,DraperiesandCurtainsMrs. T. A. Nichols. Mrs. D. G. Taylor.Charles Moore Defendant j Mrs. Raymond McMillan, Mrs. L. D.Redmon, Miss Joanna Garth and Mis&-.TJ --. X -, a!unuer aiiu oy virtue 01 a judgmentand order of sale rendered at theMarch term, 1917, of the 'Bourbon Circuit Court in the above styled actiontherein pending, the undersigned Master Commissioner onSaturday, May 5, 1917,at the front door of the Court House,in Taris, Kentucky, at about the hourof 11 o'clock a. m., will sell at publi"pucuon to the highest and best bid-1dr, the following described property:Clara Bacon(Other Personals on Page 5)RULES OF THE ROAD.The 1917 edition of "Rules of theRoad," which treats exhaustively ofthe commonly accepted highway rulesfor motor car drivers, has been putinto circulation by the B. F. GoodrichRubber Company. It is dedicated to! xVi-k iti4 Aitnnf sp -Vi r AnlAltinnfl TVIrtfrM.LUC lllicicat Ul LUC .nixici iv,o.u iuuiui-ist in the prevention of accidents anito the cause of greater tire mile-Tbe north half of that certain tractof land, situated in Bourbon County,on the Paris & Clintonville Turnpikeand which said tract of land was conveyed by Simon Frazier to Minerva Dilloway, January 3, 1876, deed to whichis recorded in Bourbon County Clerk'sage.Thj booklet declares that seventyfive pei cent, of the automobile accidents are due to carelessness or failure to observe the simple rules of theroad. "If everybody observed city or-This sale will afford the home seekers.and investors of Bourbornan excellentchance to secure high-class vacant lots, in an excellent and growing Ipcality, atprices that are certain to incrofise in value.These lots are all nice and level, and ideal locations for substantial dwellinghouses. Here is your chance to get a start right, and al&o make a profit. Buildfor yourself and family a beautiful modern little home in this growing and .already thickly populated locality; your investment will increase in value rapidly.RENT COTTAGES IN DEMAND.The demand for rent cottages in Paris is greater ton the supply, andnumerous men in the L. & N. Railroad service are now locating in Paris whenever they can secure suitable homes in which to reside.FREE VALUABLE PRIZES FREE.Watch for announcement of list of valuable prizes to be given away at thethe sale, including a number Saving accounts credits at the Paris banks.While we. of course, desire all the men to attend the sale, we also extend aspecial invitation to every woman and child in Bourbon County, to be present atthe sale. Every woman, child and man in the county can participate in thefree drawing of the valuable prizes. Their attendance at the sale is all that isnecessary. So let everybody be in attendance.VERY LIBERAL TERMS.For further particulars, call on the undersigned any time before the sale,and we will take pleasure in showing you the property; discussing the reasonableterms; how to secure the capital to build, ect.We have never had such an attractive deal to offer real estate investors before, and we know that the few lots to be offered will meet with a ready sale.There are no vacant houses in South Paris, and but few, if any, in the city.' MILLER & LILLESTON.office in Deed Book 61, page 289, thedinances' accident liabilities would besaid north half thereof being 471 feet in, reduced," it says among other things:depth, measuring from the center of I "Children have not discretion ofthe pike; 55 feet 2 inches in width adults and should be watched with uton the west end and 41 feet in widti' j m0st care," advises the booklet inen the east end, the said north half of warTiinj? motorists tn sound the hornsaid property having been conveyed to repeatedly and liave tUe car unaer per-the defendant, Charles Moore, Septem-ifeet control when approaching chillier L7. 1911 hv Walter TiirirllP ATnrvFuller and Theodore Puller, her hus-;dren at play upon the sidewalks,band, by deed recorded in Deed Book The new publication calls to the90 page 198, Bourbon County Clerk's special attention of motorists the factoflice.Said sale will be made upon thecredits of six and twelve months, thepurchaser or purchasers being required to execute their two bonds with satisfactory surety, for equal iparts of thepurchase price, due six and twelvemonhs from date of sale respectively,and bearing interest at the rate of sixper cent from date until paid, saidbunds to have the force and effect ofjudgments, with privilege to the purchaser to pay cash and a void interest.f aid sale is made for till purpose ofsatisfying the adjudged liens in favorof plaintiffs, estimated on the date ofsale at $177.00.O. T. HINTON,Master Commissioner Bourbon Circuit, Court 'M. P. Kenney, Auctioneer.that They are welcome to the free service of the Goodrich National TouringBureau regardless of the make of caror tires.Much valuable information concerning the care and repair of tires is alsoto be found in the pages of this interesting work. "Rules of the Road"may be had for the asking at anydealer's stocked with Goodrich Tires,or at any of the company's branches.Harmonizing."The philosopher across the way ichaving an appropriate time of it withhis wisdom tooth.""How so?""Both he and the tooth, are wisfacres." Baltimore American.Nobody can tell what a baby's goingLargest variety we haveever shown,Prices reasonably adjusted and exceedingly moderate.rixThis is the proper time 1to dress your home inSpring Attire.$I Wolf, Wile Co. Ii Lexington, Kentucky.,J..fc.lnT..lMf.ilfc.T.ifc.Ii.l.lt.lIllt...T..fc.T.lT. T. T, T, T f J, J, f J -J-.J-J- f J J J J J j, j,j JT- T- T- T T- T- T- T- T- T- f- T- T T--T--T- TT T- T T"TTT T T f frM''M"I"M"IiiM"Mi-H II 1 1 1 1 1 1 1The Charm of Early Summer JtPrevails inMcCALL DESIGNSFOR MAYA satisfyingpresentationof SmartStreet Gowns,dainty and becoming HouseDresses.An Attractive Selection olSportsClothesthat are practicaland economical.The McCallPatented Cutting and Con-str uct i o nGuide, furnished free with each pattern, insures a rjerfect-fittiner erar-ment.1 McCallPatternsforMayNowonSaleMcCall I'atlcrn Nf 7"9.Mauy other new ucsicnsfor 11a?HM"V7JlrC . I . fern ?. m&.ilan 't Jier aiinictiwsc-.n for ilaMARRY SIMONTTTTTVT'4"MH"i"i'H"H"'!"fi r 1 II. 1 1 I f jTtIiTMliIiilMliiIiI.ilMliIiiritfiiIiiriiIiiTiiTi.T.iTtiTiiTTi.fciyi1y...........j. j I 1 ilil IiTiiTiL.t.J.XJJj3iZKAtai' -tri RattAi' CiimIii CL..I. m . . "F.vuvv. ..u vii.. wuuuaj onuuib ior a ia rearer andBetter Kentucky"Go to Sunday School Day" 1Pax All U.Mt...l... ' 9b nn nciuuwny ISMAY 6, 1917One Million People Will AttendCome, Let Us Go to Sunday School!, KENTUCKY SUNDAY SCHOOL ASSOCIATIONto be till it gets whiskers. Some ot-"- . . t --r3" . EITHER PHONE 41. ,(apr20-27-25 may4)them are enigmas even then..ill!. ., mttlmnmms -WsP5"aJ-TAGBPOURTHE BOURDON NEWS, PARIS, KY;TUWSDAY,APRIL H li&',t -,I1m- iThe Bourbon News1SS1 31 YearsUnions Publication.of Con-CHRISTINE MAYO INPERSON TO BE IN PARIS.The management of the Paris Grand'and the Alamo Theatre announces the'engagement for one day only "of MissBvMfetod Every Tuesday and Friday. j Christina Mayo, (in person), the fa-"Pr Year. ..$2.00 Six Months... $1.00 mous -vampire woman of moion pict-Payable in Advance. .ures.I Paris is one of the fortunate thirtyuiit-f rsukMD tAi j nr cities in the United States that are fWIFT CHAMP, Editor andOwner.- . by MiM MayQ yyhQSQ won.derful characterizations of the vam-Kentuekv Pire womau iub iuiuwu iu cycij ""RELIGIOUS. 'M S1.?Removal Notice.r j Dr. J. A., Gilkey has moved his officesTfrom his former location in the Patonbuilding over Mrs. Mayme Parker'sThe annual children's day exer- slore to Rooms 306-307 and 308 in thecises will be held at the Methodist .irst -National Bank Building at thechurch, on Sunday, May 13.red at the Paris,PMtoffice as Mail MatterSecond Class.)ofPUPILS GIVE PLAYLETThe pupils of the Bourbon Preparatory Department gave a dramatic entertainment of decided worth Fridayevening, under the direction of Prof.Albert Smith, teacher in expressionAt the College. Two playlets, a comedy, "Three Dear Friends," in oneact, and a little drama, "The Other"Woman,' served as vehicles for theeziKwition of the pupils talents, and!pleased the audience very much. Prof.Smith gave a number of interestingleadings. The .pupils who took parton the cast were Misses Mary Elizabeth Dean, Mary Kenney Webber,Marguerite Doyle, Irene Brambletteand Sara Power. The program wasdm charge of Miss Dunn, director of.the school.the fan m ru6 world. In a contest recentlyconducted by the New York TelegraphfMiss Al&yo was voted' the most bear-tiful woman in the united States.She will appear in person at each performance, afternoon and evening. Afeature picture starring Miss Mayowill be shown, and she will lecture onii number of hitherto unknown secretsof life behind the screen, and willgive advice to young ladies contemplating becoming motion pictureactresses.At the conclusion of the afternoonand evoning performances Miss Mayowill hold a reception in the lobby ofthe the all e.Prices for the engagement will beas follows: Matinee, fifteen cents;might, twenty-five cents. Performancesstart at 2:00 p. m. and 7:00 p. m.sharp.Miss Mayo will make a patrioticspeech from the stage, declaring thatwhile she is for peace, yet she believesthat the American cause is a justone, and that everybody should doall tiny can to get a strong force ofmen to defend our national honor.The anniversary day of the Epworth League will be held on Sunday.May 6, at the Methodist church. Theservices will be given as an open session.The Woman's Society of the Chris-corner of Main and Fourth streets.(23-3t)Housekeeper WantedA eooil woman bo do cooking an )to take charge housekeeping for my-tian church will meet in the church !seland mother' Good home for rightWM. WHITE,South Main, St., Paris, KyHAD NO LICENSE TAGARRESTED AND FINEDMr. H. C. Meng, of Bourbon county,was arrested in Maysulle by theMaysville police for operating an automobile on the streets of that citywithout a proper license tag displayed.He was taken before Judge Whittakerand fined $13.90.REMOVAL NOTICE.t " ( 1 have removed nly dental office, ! from their present location in therooms over Cahal's barber shop, onBIRTHS. "Main street, to rooms on the thirlfloor of the Agricultural Bank build4 . 'ing, on Main, between Fourth andI Broadway, where I will be pleased toAt the Massie Memorial Hospital have my customers call,in this city, Thursday morning; to DR. HARRY MATHERS.the wife of Mr. Samuel CJay, of the I &Cane Ridge vicinity, a handsome KEEP OUT THE BUGS AND FLIESBOM.INSTALL DELCO SYSTEM.Mr. James Caldwell, on theBidge pike is installing a Delco Light rest:piant- (It) (204t)Big line of screen doors and screenwindows. Made to fit any size door orwindow. Screen wire by the yard.lOur prices are always a little lower,Cane the quality a shade better than theparlors at 2:30 o'clock this (Tuesday)afternoon. Mrs. Custis Talbott. thepresident, requests a full attendance ofthe membership.The Pastor's Aid Society of thePresbyterian church will hold an h.day minting at the manse, on Duncan Aenue to-day. A full attendance of the members is desired, atthere will be an election of officers.Rev. J. S. Thompson, PresidingElder of the colored M. E. Church, willspeak at the U. B. F. Hall, on Eighthstreet, Tuesday and Wednesday nights,on "Missions." Anna Thomas, evangeistic singer, will assist All invited.The regular prayer meeting service will be conducted at the Methodist church, Wednesday evening at7:30 o'clock, by the pastor, Rev. W. O.Sadler. Immediately after the prayerservice a church conference will beheld. All members are urged to bepresentRev. J. J. Dickey, pastor of Hutchison Chapel, preached at the Oaklandschool bouse in Scott county, Saturday night and met hi3 regular appointment at the Oxford rhurch Sunday morning and night He conducted quarterly meeting at Mt Gileadchurch last Saturday and Sunday inplace of Presiding Elder" Oney,An able and eloquent address wasdelivered at the morning service atthe Christian church Sunday by RevHomer Carpenter, Chancellor of theTransylvania University, of Lexington. Rev. Carpenter had expected todeliver an address to the two Christian Endeavor Societies" of Paris onSunday evening, but was preventedfrom doing so by being compelled totake an earlier train than he anticipated in order to fill an engagamentmade several weeks ago. Mr. Carpenter js State President of theChristian Endeavor Society.(lt-pd)FOR SALEOne No. 1 good delivery horse andcovered top wagon.WM. SAUER.Wanted to BuySecond hand furniture, old carpets,rugs and feathers. Let us turn yourold discarded household effects intoCASH lor you.rUYERS AND SELLERS EXCHANGEBroadway, Paris, Ky.'Cumb. Telephone 690 and 790.(24-2t-pd)ILAVIN & CONNELL.Administratrix's Sale-OF-Sunday, May 6, has been designated as the fourth State-wide "Go-to-Sun-day-School-Day"in Kentucky. Thecustom of having an annual day of thtesort originated in Kentucky four yearsago, and has proved so successful thata large number of the other Stateshave adopted a similar plan, and amovement is now on foot to make tlu1 annual observance nation-wide in itsj , scope.The plan has .the indorsement of alldenominations, and the leaders of th.various denominations have issued acall to the Sunday School and churchworkers of the State, asking them togive their support to the effort.BourbonCollegeHouseApartmentTHINGS TO WORRY ABOUT.ni. 18 building lots to settle the estate of Clifton Arnsparger.As agent of Mrs. Ruby L. Arnsparger, Administratrix, I will sell to theiighest bidder atPublic AuctionTuesday, May 1,1917beginning at 2:30 p. m., and continuing until all are sold.No. 1 Bourbon College Apartment house, containing 31 rooms, nowTenting for about $100.00 -per month; modern conveniences consists of steamSeating plant natural gas, electric lights, sewer; large stable and outbuildings; 1.58 acres of ground facing Pine Crest Avenue and fronting-307 feet on Short Street This property is well located, being close tolwsiness part of city, Street Car, Railroad Station, Schools and Churches.Mr. Fed Weckerser, of the Busy BepCash Store, is of the opinion that thereare a great many unpatriotic familiesin Paris, in that that they had allowedtheir children to catch the Germanmeasles, which disease is now prevalent in Paris. Mr. Weckerser says heis attesting his patriotism by havinghis potatoes served au gratin insteadof German. fried.LOTS., 2Sb. 2 Is a large lot on Second Street adjoining M. J. Murphv, andcontaining about two acres of ground al suitable to sub-divide. Chancefor speculation.No. 3 Lot on the South side of Pine Crest Avenue 50x156 feeti 'No. 4 Lot on the south side of Pine Crest Avenue,' 40x166.56 feet onImpress Street.No. 5 Lot on north side of Pine Crest Avenue, 35 feet back to ShortStreettNo. r 11 lots on the north side of Pine Crest Avenue, each 50 feettick to Short Street.No. 12 Lot on Pine Crest Avenue, S. S., 47.7x125.5.No. 13 Lot on south side of Pine Crest Avenue, 36x117.7..No. 14 Lot on Pine Crest Avenue, 28 feet front, back to ShorTstreet,JO feet wide in rear.No. 15 Dot on Pine Crest and Cypress, 55 feet front, triangle.No. 16 Is a vacant lot on Brent Street 63x126.3, narrow in the rear, and3s ia. the rear of Alfred Buckler's residence.No. 173 vacant lots onthe east side of North Clifton Avenue, eachT iy about 175 feet to Railroad.Bmilding lots in Paris Ky., are in demand and you cannot make amistake to purchase one or more of the aboe lots and improve them.NOTE The Second Street lot, North Clifton and Brent Street lots will.e a m rront or uourDon uouege apartment iouse, immediately afterB-4 PIREInsure withW.O.HINTON &SON,AgtsFIRE DESTROYS FINESCOTT COUNTY HOME.The home of Dr. G. B. Brown,located about a mile from town onthe Cincinnati pike, was destroyed byfire Friday morning at about 9 o'clock.It was a land mark of the county.The tire as caused by the roofcatching a-? the family, who werehouse Cleaning, was burning in thegrates a Qviantity of old papers, andhad gained considerable headway before detected.Nothing vas saved but some silver,the piauo and a few pieces of diningroom furniture. It is understood thatonly $2,000 insurance was carried ot?the residence and $500 on the furniture.To the Ladies!A cordial invitation is extended byWilmoth & Co.ForThursday, April 26A Practical DemonstrationofHEINZ'Si . 57 VARIETIES' and"PHEZyi delightful beverage made(from pure juice of the Lo?ganv Berry. With this deflicious drinkOUR.1 FAMOUS CAKESmade fresh in our own Ba-I -kery, will be served.Black Hawk and JanesvilleCorn PlantersMcCormick and BrownHarrowsM &.;. mGarageGor. Fourth nd Pleasant StAgents Buick AutomobilesGoodyear TiresOur Vulcanizing Departmentvis equipped with steam vulcanizer and run by an expert.-Steam Heated GarageOPEN DAY AND NIGHTj..I.4.;.X"I"M'I'i"4II'I'I"I fe'I"!"!"!"!''!!"!"!'!''!''!''!NEW ICEBERGREFRIGERATORSWILL SAVE THE ICE BILL!wE KNOW from actual test that, a New Iceberg Refrigerator does not use asmuch ice as other refrigerators sold in this territory, and we guaranteethis. We ask you if this is not one thing to be considered in buying a refrigerator when ice is so high. We believe we are right in this statement,and if we find that we are not we are willing to take the refrigerator back. Isn'tthat fair enough? Try a New Iceberg and you will have at a very low cost, equalto or better quality than you can buy anywhere at any price.Pire, wind and lightninginsurance.Thomas, Woodford & BryanWAITthat sale. '-VALUABLE PRIZES FRE.E,i-BTitd'tolist of which will be announced later. Thelpublic isimojst cordiallyto attend. rf ' ' : '4. f 1 f . $, . - . . LIBERAL TERfaS."For further informa'tion, call on Will S. Arnsparger, First NationallMiiming, Fourtu street, jparis, Ky., who will take pleasure in showy of this property.' ? C. E. NORMAN, Agent,i 154 W. Short, Street,Jr Lexington, Ky.;Jb SPEAKES Auctioneers. TeleDhone. 674.Wait for the Hurron Car. Demontration by appointment.J. R. BOOTH, Agent,(24-4t) Carlisle, Ky.ANew IcebergMustPlease You!If not satisfactory return it you to be thejudge.fe:feipti2SflL:!RftIWM"'mamms&s.P1" -OpenAn AccountWith Us !You'll LikeIt AtWheeler'smMPorch Rugs, Swings andChairsNow is the to make your porch the one place, as youwill live out on the porch the rest of the summer: Comeand see our line.Notice Clean Out DayPARIS, KY., April 24, 1917.Nature has gathered unto her selfthe fresTmess of spring. vjLet it n'ot boirarred by filthy accumulations ofJanykind wnatever. Go into garret celhir. vacant lot stable a&d vard.tandif objectionable material Is fourid, re-"lmove it. Some pride, a little laborresult, a city healthful and beautifulthat's tho idea.Put on screens; keep out the flies,and should one get within doors, swat .it. bet's have the cleanest city in"'Kentucky by the first of May.I A XT VCT T TtT(24-2t) . City Health Officer. ' Hill 111 1 1111 H I IM HI HI HIMH 1 1 1 MHIHWHMi 1 1 1 ! 1 1 H II II 1 1 1 1 1 jfHm F: Wheeler. Furniture CompanyMain StreetCHAS. GREEN, Manageropp. Court House---'i- jyi3sY-vsrrTJ-.J?sfTOTSDAY, APRIL 24, 1817.THE BOURBON 'NEWS, PARIS, KY.VAGttrrmyT FOR THE BESTSOCIAL AND PERSONAL.Comings and Goings of OurPeople Here, There andElsewhere.SHERIFFS SALE OFPERSONAL PROPERTYCOTTON SEED MEALCotton Seed MpM.C. S. BRENT & BRO.(April20-4t)STRAWBERRIES. STRAWBERRIES.Auctioneer M. F. Kenney sold Saturday for W. F. Talbo'r, S. B. C, the following personal property, under order,,. "T: , , , of the Bourbon Circuit Court, in actionforusgesTtrfrN Yor .'Sf 7' h-Mrs. Laura Skillman has returned JVn f ? Sheep Wlth lamb3'from a sit to relatives in Louisville .lO per head, yearling steersMiss Edna Huffman, of Covington, at 37 per head 1 cow ?49; 12 80arrived Sunday night for a visit to Pound shoats at S11.70 per head; 1Mrs. Jack Owsley. sow and 7 pigs, $47; corn in crib,Mrs. H. C. Ireland, of Chillecothe $7.20 per barrel. Farming implementsMo., is a guest of Mrs. Mary Ireland sold well.Davis, on Duncan avenue.Mrs. W. Hoffman Wood, of Mt AN INVITATIONSterling, is visiting her father, Mr. hJ invitation.C. Whaley, and familv, in this citv i mi. it T l-Mrs Morton Cochran and little V? BUrb0n C0Unt' aredaughter, of Ft. Wayne, Indiana, ar cordlall3r invited to visit our store onguests of Mr. and" Mrs Thn; w Thursday between the hours ot 10 a." Wells, near Paris. m. and 4 p. m. A demonstration andHarry Caywood delivered to Spears Mr. and Mrs. Charles A. Webber reception will be held. Heinz 57 vari& Sons, for S. E. Holloway, between and Mrs. Kate Wilson, of Paris, attend- eties will be demonstrated and served.fifty and sixty tnousana pouuua ui c uauue m iexington, Friday a delightful summer beverage, "Phezhemp, for wnicn. -Mr.ceived $14.25 per hundred-long" nunoreas go an " " one of the most interesting speakers iu fresh cakes made fresh tnat morningeven in uio.""& ine aiaie, nas acceptea an invitation m ojr uwn nioaern Daicery: uome inMessenger. tc address the members of the pradu- at any time and we will be glad to jating class of the Paris Home School show you through cur bakervrTO HOLD A RECEPTION. in this city on the evening of May 25. (it) ' WILMOTH & CO.rtev. w. cj. h,uis, wno nas oeen con-Fresh strawberries received fresaevery dav. Phone in your orders early(10 ' C. P. COOK & CO.;big hemp deal.u puuuua ui - " in ixmgion, iTiday a delightful summer beverage, "PhezHolloway re- ening, promoted by .Messrs. Wm. P. made from e Logan berryvi!l alsored, and n3 ton. Jn, d ltoii Thompson be Mrved with numerous kinds 0,nv more, not . MJr: M' garrison, of Lexington, , , . . , .FRANK & COMPANY!THE RELIABLE STORESpecial ReductionsONRED CROSS SALE.S .. f 4 4l v Ininn ltrtfl-irr- i 1 M . A mA surprise is in siore iui we wuic- "v,uu6 a. icnii meeung at tne unris-who will attend the demonstration and "" cuurcn in miamsDurg, Ky., and1 jreception at Wilmoth & Co.'s on Thurs- Ihtrn.nI Z ,, 1 The Red Cross Society has for sale'day from 10 till 4. You are invited lSlSa!: a numLer of plants of the Flowering ?They will be glad to spvprni oHriitinnc Peach varietv. Anv one wishing: them ' SSILK DRESSES50 Dresses That Sold For $20 Each.'-?Cash Price Now$16.75 EACH .Vand expected,see you.(It)MASTER'S SALE CiTY PROPERTY i10pe Wiedemann and Mr. Wiedemannat their home on the Georgetown pikeAuctioneer M. F. Kenney sold Sat- near Paris, has returned to her homeurdav for Master Commissioner O. T. in Lexington. Mrs. Stanhope Boal, ofHinton, at the court house door, th,riqua, Ohio, is now a guest of Mrs.Will (Buck) Freeman property locat- Wiedemann.nt. the corner of Higgins an'l Mr. and Mrs. LoganLilies ton avenues, to W. H. Evans, ac.901.Miss Pauline Purcell, who has c:ul obtain them at 25c each by callbeen a guest of her sister. Mrs. Stan, intr Cumberland Phone 66S.TOBACCO COTTONAll grades, at Harry Simon's(2mar-tf)Mr. and Mrs. Logan Howardwent to Louisville, Sunday, hereMrs. Howard will be ,pt.ced under thecare of a specialist. She has beenT ' ' under treatment at the Massie Me-jOLD GLORY TO FLOAT morial Hospital, having recently left,FROM I. O. O. F. TEMPLt. that institution.' I Mr. Milton C. Browning, of Cleve-Removal Notice.Mrs. Victor Whitridge has moved hermillinery stock from her home on Mr.Airy Avenue to Main street, dirctlyerecting a twenty nve loot si.ee y Browning, siring summer millinery at moderaterole from the roof of rndf4in his sister. Mrs. S. A. Blackburn, prices fire requested to call and seelaws' building, at the oraer.ot rear Georgetown. Mrs. Browning has her stock.and Fl'-t.i streets. A fine American been a guest of reiatives in this city 24'2t)fiag 12x18 feet in dimensions, will float and C0Unty for some time. Ito the Dreezes iroui uic wp - . .ur. tennis v. snapp, secretarj of,i-j- l.' rs. --- i... r i -w. itnu ivcvucKy L;onierence r;pworiiiLeague of the Methodist church, willI -fc - Vlltkf UlVi AAALA I.KJL X IVUOUlUf liltj where he will attend the District Conference ot tne Shelbyville District,suitable for which will be in session from to-day toana througn Tnursday. Mr. Snapp willsession of, the Conference on Wednesday on "The jCall of the Best."IReductions For CashonWool Suits, and Coatspole.SPORT SUITS.i-n nfnrh-back models" . f . anQ tnrougn rnursaay. Mr. :business or sport wear, ith new tao address the Bpworth Lea erlcs-p ,-:v DAVIS 4 c0DO IT IN0WREAL ESTATE DEALS.j The Danville Messenger says:Take advantage of the pleasantweather and have your decorating'done now. We have the paper inifitri sds. .. . j jn.. v. nnA4o o'Miss Ama Van Meter entertainel buK:lt a.uu u "" ! I'T;..,Come In and Examine These Specials!vRemember Reductions Are ForCASH ONLY '; '.-5Tuesday afternoon with a picture. , , show party in honor of her sister.Mrs. Hannah Butler nas purcni&eA -- john Woo&ford. of Parisof Mr. J. J- Veatch, District Manager t-ne gow refreshments were served atof the Central Home Telephone Co., the Blue Bird Tea Room." Mrs. Wood-lirniip-l the fans JXVUUi vj., ".. uiu, auwiupouicu oj "ci mtuci, istorv frame cottage located on Brent John Van Meter, returned Fridaymoments notice no waiting, no freightand no disappointment. You will find'Aftep some exceptionally nice paper fortostreet, in the old Fair Grounds Addi-,lion to Paris, for $1,400. Mrs. Butlerpurchased the property as an investmenLher home near Paris.James10 CENTSA Double RollFRANK & COMPANYMr. ard Mrs. James Burnaugh,formerly of Paris, who have been residing in North Middletown for sometime, will move to Lexington soon others a little more, but whatever the 'to reside. Their son, Mr. Maurice price, you will find it right, just asBurnaugh, who has been at work on low or a little bit less, than you wouldthe Lexington Herald for the past two pay anywhere else.Tnfnc lioc trntiQ ir onf tlr tri oThe commencement exercises ot ui- few days, visit an(j wm return toParis Home School will be held during LeXington the first of next week.thP w-k of Mav 23, beginning with atheZr;.. ?L inn mv 23 and 24. -Mr. Charles R. Hill, of Paris, un-recitai at iu ovw v -COMMENCEMENT EXERCISESsuccessful operation forreciuu o, --- ir. " - , hpM derwent aThe graduating weiua . ":" BDinal trouble at the Jewish Hospital.on Mav 25, when the address ot tuc cincinnati lagt weekf aild report3 Ieenin5 will be delivered by Mrs. a. yeslerday stated that he was doingM. Harrison, of Lexington. The pro- Djceiy With prospects for a full andgram a ill be published in full in a fu- complete recovery. Mr. Hill was in-ture isvje of THE NEWS. jured in a railroad accident in Vir-ginia two years ago- from the effectsnnw'T WAIT LONGER of which he has since been a sufferer jDON i wai l-w His many friends here wI11 be glad to?. A e.rxT cnit The know uiat he will soonTo select your spring suit, tne recovervm-ices are no higher now. Good suits road to recovery.now at $18, 20 and $25..J. W. DAVIS & CO.THE FAIRbe on theD. A. R. MEETING.The Jemima Johnson-Mrs. neuetca r i eeiuau oiiua ciitwr - jtained with an informal tea party,Thursday afternoon at her homp onlthe Maysville pike, near Paris. Thosewho enjoyed Mrs. Sims' hcspitaliy forthe afternoon were: Mrs. W. O. HicChapter, ton. Mrs. Albert Mitchell, Mrs. Na-,Dau-hters of American Revolution, will than Bayless, Miss Tillie Jaynes, Mrs.uau0nver& ul a . t Satur. Ames Turney. Jr., Mrs. Clell Turney,held their regular meetin next Satur CaldweHf Migg HarSfday afternoon at 2:00 .o clock, at tue D Q Parrish. Mrs. Olivia Orr.residence of Misses Williams, on rieas, .. simg WQS gigt in entertainant street. There will be a short dusi- ing by Mrs Chas s Ball and Missness session, after which the members pa Eall. Mrs. Siius also entertain-will devote tliemselves to sewing for e(j Friday afternoon for a number of.the D A. R. room in the Massie Me- friends from Millersburg.morial Hospital, in this city. It is ur- Mrs. Carrie F. Stone, who had in-,nntlv reouested that there be a full tended departing for San Antonio,genu reouebteu .. Texas, to resume her professional duatendauca of the memhersmp. ,q Bayi0T Hospital, received!" p messatre vesterday calling her to !Louisville, where hex don, Mr. Jos. Q.KodaksVictrolasBicyclesCIVIL SERVICE EXAMINATION.. ADDitro Frakes. was seriously ill. loungj-uk nv- - -..canby applying to PostmasterFrakes is a member of the AmbulanceAn examination for applicants ior .ment of the KentucKy state Guardthe vacancy created in the service He way taken seriously ill while doo Rural Delivery Route No. 1, from ing duty at tjie Armory and was hurrithe Par's postoffice, will be held at e(j to the Hospital, where the physicithe Federal building in this city, on ans pron3unced him in a very dangerMay 26. The position was made va-j0us condition.cant recently by the resignation of Mr. Samuel Harding wereK. C. Whaley. Mr. Allie Rowlau-i q pleasant hosts at their home on thehas been temporarily acting as earner. Nortn Middletown ,oike. near this city.Intending applicants for the position Frjday afternoon to the members ofall the information neeueu tne country triage uuo. auc b"cJ. Walter men's prize was awaraea to .urTT.rtL-c Tcror.fnrH. Mrs. Warren Rok-Payne, . . - ' tQTS was awarded the ladies' prizeU " - while the consolatwn prize went to MrLADIES. John Yerkes. At tne conclusion oj. ui-Icame an elegant six o'clock dinner, in-: ArranCements have been made by us c inrnng out a-, - Sato Hbfnr.n p-e.ort demonstration to come w , fl..nAndv. was served theour store on Thursday tp show lie Mr. and Mrs. Bertladies how to prepare the famous Wojdrordt Mr. and Mrs. FranJ ColliUb,HPinz 57 varieties, all ot wnicn wm uv.- r and Mrs. catesoy vuuuiuiu, -..fprv?d from 10 to 4 o'clock. Another Mn an-d Mrs. Louis Rogers Mr anJserved irom . xv .Phez a de- Mrs. John Yerkes, Mr. and Mrs, W. G.i.Ant 40 9ICH 111 I3LU& V ' .LICdL ID Cfcw - -lightful suthe Logansortment of ourour new bakeryALL FOR THEtw'VSPAULDINGATHLETICSUPPLIESAnnouncement!We wish to inform the public in general thatwe have accepted the agency for theKelley Carpet Cleaning Co.of Lexington, JKy.and will be glad to have our truck call for all rugs andcarpets that any one may wish to have cleaned and dyed,and will see that they are delivered to the Kelly Company and' returned to the owner in the least possible time.Phone Your Wants to No. 36and we- will attend to your requirements immediately, atsame price that you would be charged by the KelleyCompany.,-.jL-t). .. .. A 1. Ufa onH TV.1-Q William WUler beverage mauer n -.. T -berry, ana a w"" o - M r;iarenCe KenneyMrs. War' a . t j? orirl ATrRown made cakes irom "-nfrprR. Mrs. Thomas Buckner, Mr.wn uiuC w-w .. - Ro.rers, Mrs. Thomas iJucicner, iur.will be served to all ,' w.nten. Misses Besscomers. It is all free and we want yo:i HoUaday and Virginia Crutchen Dr.to come. We will be glad to sho Q & Daugherty; Messrs J. K Dodge.vou through our bakery at any t FieldingRodeers, BrooKs wooaioraDaughiertyBros.filth anfl-Main Sts. ' Paris, KentuckyTHE J. T.HINTON COMOTOR HEARSE-MOTOR INVALID COACH"EITHERPHONE" 36-v.SIXTH AND MAIN STS-:1 i-V,mmM.&rm'" - far !UNDERTAKINaV 4and Walter Knney, Jr.(Other Personals on Page5)any day..(It)WILMOTH & COrTHE BOURBON NEWS, PARIS, KY.TOTSDAT, APRIL" U,JHmj.hrtii.Kp IIIfi!ir;:iif. IJiI-ACfD IN STOMACHSOUR THE FOOD ANDCAUSE INDIGESTION.'-"Pane DlaDeDsin" Fixes Sour. Gassv.Upset Stomachs In FiveMinutes.tYo don't know what upset yourMoch-which portion of the food didtke damage do you? Well, don'tJotter. If your stomach is in a re-'Trait; if sick,gassy and upset, and whatyo 5st ate has fermented and turnedne&a aizzy ana acnes ;oeicnand acids and eructate undieest-.ii . . .....-d food; breath foul, tongue coatedit lake a little Pape's Diapepsin toalize acidity and in five minutesyou wonder what became of the indi-etion and distress.aoilions of men and women to-dayJaaw that it is needless to have dys--yepeia. A little Diapepsin occasion-ally keeps the stomach sweetened, andthey eat their favorite foods withoutIBarIf 'your stomach doesn't take care ofZ1 rtbemon; ifyour food is a damage instead of alielp, remember the quickest, surest,moet harmless antacid is Pape's Dia-rpepfiin, which costs only fifty cents for.a large case at drug stores. It's trulvwonderful it stops souring and setsthings straight, so gently and easilythat it is really astonishing. Yourstomach will digest vour meals if voukeep acids neutralized(adv)it 1 1 m-i-k-: I' : r : : :: : fr-:-CLIMB HIGH.21 No man or woman who hasfallen can be restored to the po-sttion formerly held. Such must-. nie to a yet higher place,CLEAR YOUR SKIN IN SPRING.V whence they can behold their J! 10U eQf UT' S" TZ,Z pr0Ved ade-uate and effectual for na'' .',. f . . .. y to stop that cold, the soothing balsam t5onal needs, and will prove far less sov former standing tar beneath ingredients heal the irritated mem- now the report says. "History shows-j- their feet. George Macdonald. hranes. soothe the sore throat, the an- that, much to our detriment, we havebeen the standard remedy for coughsSpring house a)'"' Ger'ing inside and out Dull pimplj skin'a bottle to-day and have it handy inis an aftermath of winter inactivity. .your medicine chest for coughs, colds,Tlmh your intestines with a mild;croup grippe and all bronchial affec-laxative and clean out the accumuiaved waste, easy to take, they do notgripe. Dr. King's New Life Pills willclear your conplexion and brighten-yonr eye. Try Dr. King's New Life.Pills to-night and throw off the sluggfch winter shell. At druggists, 25n.(april-adv)Hemstitching !"Wo arp nnw nrpnnrprl tn rlntrc aiC 11UW JJICaiCU tw wthe finest kind ofHemstitching and PicotEdge Workon all kinds of material. Specialattention given to mail orders.Special Demonstrator FromCincinnati, Ohio.All work and prices guaranteedatisfactory.TheSINGER SEWINGMACHINE STOREE. Tenn. Phone 931 Home Phone 41827 MAIN ST., PARIS, KY.Mrs. Blanche VimontHEMSTITCHINGAND PICOT508 Main Street(Next to Mrs. Mamie Parker's)Automobile Hearse or Ambulance!I desire to announce to our friends that I can, wheredesired, furnish an automobile hearse or ambulance. Thismethod of transpertation is especially desired on long trips,the same being made in better time, and at no advance incost over the horse-drawn conveyance.GEO. YY. DAVIS, Funeral Director.HERE IS A GOOD PLACE TO STOP FOR LITTLE MONEY.LOUISVILLE HOTEL, Louisville, Ky., Main St, bet 6th & 7th.The Only Hotel In Louisville Operated on the American and European PlansAMERICAN PLAN Rooms without Bathi but with Hot and Cold Runnlnowater (With Meals) M75 Rooms single, ?2.00 per day; 2 people, $2.00 each50 Rooms Single, 2.50 per day; 2 people, 2.25 each50 Front Rooms Single, 3.00 per day; 2 people, 2.50 eachRooms with Private Bath:5 Rooms single, 3.00 per day; 2 people, 2.75 each50 Rooms single, 3.50 per day; 2 people, 3.00 eachEUROPEAN PLAN Rooms without Bath but with Hot and Cold RunnlnoWater (Without Meals)75 Rooms Single, $1.00 per day; 2 people, 50.75 each59 Rooms single,50 Front Rooms single,Rooms with Private Bath:50 Rooms single,54 Rooms single,THE OLD INN. Louisville. Kv.. Cor. 6th...... .. - .-.worn wunoui aatn, i ana up; noomsBET EATINGTh Louisville Hotel and the Old'county superintendentsWIN GREAT VICTORY.County Superintendents won- a greatvictory in the Court of Appeals in atest suit between H. H. Brock, ofRichmond, and State Superintendentv O Gilbert, establishing their rightto run for and hold office anotherterm without standing another exam-ination.The law, requiring county superin-tendents, who do not hold state teach-era certificates or diplomas, to takeTxxnir nvoTtilnoHnn crinlimtOQ Ihflraywic" caouhuouuu, W1,...certificates granted at those specialexaminations snail De equivalent toteachers' certificates, which run foreight years and are renewable for another eight years at the same timerevokable for failure to be activelyengaged in teaching for two years orfor misconduct.Attorney General M. M. Logan, towhom the question was referred, saidit was doubtful whether the equiva-lent nature of the special examinationcertificates extended beyond the eightyears for which they were issued, and,if they do not, they would expire De-fore the superintendents' second termsand render them ineligible. He ad-vised that to be safe they should takeanother examination.It was then decided that a test suitshould be instituted, which was done,and the Court ot Appeals nem tnatHflcertiu-"candidates, holding suchcates, snail oe eiigiuie to 4eui.m Thus happilyt it savSj the billto such office, unless 16 years will ex- llile establishing and placing the napire during their terms of office." The tional dependence upon the almost uniCourt said the duration of these spe- versally approved system of draft, atcial certificates is co-extensive with the same time accommodates itself tothat of teachers' certificates. Judge such volunteer spirit as exists and isClarke wrote the opinion. available in the early days of the war."It says the ODiwrtumty for a volunteer.... . IT 1 i .1nt:,-i.-.1'bAD COUGH? FEVERISH? GR,ppY?lmyiseater than oyer before offer-tiseDtic Qualities kill the germ andyour cold is quickly relieved. Dr.King's New Discovery has for 48 yearsj tions. At your druggist, 50c(april-adv)WAR BIRDS.,, . ... , . , ,The spring migration of birds liasnot ceased on account of the noise(and tumult of battle along the line'of the trenches, according to the re-jcent reports of European naturalists,'in fact, the birds do not seem to mindlit at all. They have arrived incnmr. v i, a,i, ,i ot-o oi urait acts, it lanea us in tne spanswarms from the South and are al- isn.American War for the force tnenready starting in to build their nests for was never obtainedin Uie cornices of ruined chateaus .To ren(jer military service to theand bullet-ridden sheds. Many al- nation is a hieher dutv than to contrib-ready have nests of hungry younglon1. foo1 m-an -Tionthe sliells are breaking near them. In tary service is the highest duty of thesome places the people have been citizens and is in no sense to be re-hungry, too, and they have killed and sarded as a voluntary offering."6J'.' .' ... T,. , ; After reviewing the American expr-eaten their songbirds. But the n- rience .R thQ Qlvl the reportstances have been relatively few. The points out that England was compelledbattle fields.? of the war zone, espc- in this war to turn to the draft syncially in France, are swarming with tern in a struggle "which involves heri-.sccts, and the people know that theconservation of their birds is good ag-ricaltural policy. Meantime, the new-.,.i. frnm 5m,fi, rn frnhhiin-comers from the South are gobblininsects so fast that they do not evenhear the boom of the cannon..,. - .TrmTTrrHOW'S THIS?We offer One Hundred Dollars Ro -ward for any case of Catarrh that canjrot be cured by Hall's Catarrh Med' -ciue.Hall's .Catarrah. Medicine has been"taken by catarrh sufferers for the pastthrity-five years, and has becomeKnown as uie most renauie remeuy uonai aeiense iroui uie uiaujr, y h come t0.fl to.m0rrow, andfor Catarrh. Hall's Catarrh Medicine it "fhtftdly belongs, to the shoulder . mtn they die or moye ayacts through the Blood and Mucous of the few volunteer Svstem'The number of such customers meas-surfaces expelling the Poison from In a -or d the the good,vilI strength of a retailthe Blood and healing the diseased ig undem0cratic, unreliable, store.portions. extravagant, inefficient and, above all, To win permanent customers, youAfter you have taken Halls Catarrh unsafe." ;must deliver real service, and to deMedicine for a short time you will see ;1ver real service is to know the kinda great improvement in your general SAFE MEDICINE FOR CHILDREN. ' f frpnWnf tw VOUP neome wouidhealth. Start taking Hall's CatarrhMedicine at once and get rid of ca -tarrh. Send for testimonials, free.' F. J. CHENEY & CO., Toledo, 0.(april-adv)1.25 per day; 2 people, 1.00 each1.50 per day; 2 people,1.50 per day; 2 people,2.00 per day; 2 people,and Main Sts.. Euronean1.25 eacd1.25 eachUK cmOmfy.. ...... . . ' - wr i -witn Krivsce uwm, VUm aK.PLACE IN TOWN.Inn ire located in the wholfif9&g Ivolunteer system isASSAILED IN SENATE.WASHINGTON. Am-il 23. The vol.unteer system was assailea as uncertain and inadequate and the selectivedraft was declared to be in recogni-tion of just principles in the majorityreport written by Chairman Chamber.JlSZTe A2ministration bill.,This ig nQ tQ tolerate uncertainty in the raising and the mainten.ance of the la numbers of men. t-it- .1 . ....uucn t"e present emergency is liKeiyto require, nor uncertainty in the meth-cus to De aaoptea ior tne esiaousn-ment of 'an adequate, efficient militar"-gj gj gJlutmost expedition.It establislies yie principle that allarms-bearing citizens owe to the nationthe duty of defending it It selectsonly those who by reason of their ageand physical capacity are the best fR-ted to receive the training and withstand the actual hardship of a cam-. SSolVSuomic and industrial conditions."After caning attention to the factliat the selective draft has been rec-ognized by "a world in arms" as the"only adea-uate and effectual" methodof falsing an army, the report says thebi P-vides thoroumeans of re-tional guard for absorbing more thanRnn nnn vnlllnfooro; - k:' .wwvv iuium.i,v,.u.cu in uiic yictc vi icgioiuuuiiiThe volunteer method hasbegun our wars with this inadequateand ineffectual method, and havebrought them to a successful conclu-,fcluu UU!-V " .IT 'he'Seer method failed thismtion ,n Revolution, and it wa;cnly the material aid of France thatcaVe us our indeoendence. It failedus in the War of 1812. and had it notIbeen for drastic draft laws and th.3diversion created by the Napoleoniowar we could not even have concludedsuch peace as we did."It failed the Confederacy in theCivil WaFf and that Government, to itsadvantage, was quicker to perceivethat fact than our own. It likewisefailed the Federal Government, andvolunteering, having practically cease 1by the end of 1862, was succeeded inthe following year by the first of theute to its financial support. Funda-Tnonfnllv mncfflprml tliorpforP TTlili.life, as indeed, it may ours." It pointsout her sacrifices of her little regulararmy and says she was "shoved to thebrink of calamity and chose the othersystem "in the face of an enemy whov. A x. .. .i , u . "uoes nut imis impetus iiiuibeii. w a ays,-tern uaseu on uuuiiuum uauunai yiiu-. t a .iji. i.:nni :nevericlP , . ,'Trueman & Son; GEORGETOW... C.Only then, the report says, was anlw ArT17. wiMp.wwcTi?n nntvTimo.effectual force raised in Great Britainf.i.-i i- j i r x t-)ii.j.."It would be folly," it says, "for usat 'this late day, in the light of their, experience, to begin where they be-l "The volunteer system," the reportcnes on. "does not accord wun tneprinciples of our institutions. It is un-dem0Cratic. It shifts the burden of nai "Is it safe?" is the first question tooe consiaerea wen ouymg cougu , Tne clerksthe men on the firingmedicine for children. Chamberlain's Iineare the ones who can get thisCough Remedy has long been a favor- kpowledge easiest, and, with it, theyite with mothers of young children as;can build good.will ftr their emit contains no opium or other narcotic, Doyersand may begiven to a child as conii-j 'dently as to an adult- It is pleasant,to take, too, which is of great impor.tance when a medicine must be givei'to vmine- children. This remedy is.most effectual in relieving coughs,colds andwhere.croup. Obtainable every-(april-adv)A Delicious Cup of Tea.If you Tvant to keep your friendsguessing get from jTour druggist an ,eiguui or a pouiia oi anea orange oios-soms (they are very expensive) andsteep two or three to a cupful alonzwith your tea leaves. Omit sugar,lemon or cream, as either cloys thidelicate flavor of the orange buds. leisure you get them strictly fresh anrfrom a receptacle tightly covered an.keep them air tight yourself. ThKnovel idea was introduced Into smartstudios by a clever Frenchwoman am"proved very popular.INSOMNIA.Indigestion nearly always disturbsthe sleep more or less, and is often thecause of insomnia. Bat a light supperwith little if any meat, and no milk;also take one of Chamberlain's Tabletsimmediately after supper, and see ifyou do not rest much better. Obtainable everywhere.REPRESENTATIVEC. H. RAYS TALKSKentucky Assemblyman Makesa Strong Statement."HIS WORD IS HIS BOND."There is no one more widely andfavorably known throughout the mountains of Kentucky than the Hon. C. H.Bays. Sr., of Barboursville, who represents the counties of Knox andWhitley in the lower house of the General Assembly of Kentucky.While in Frankfort attending the special session of the legislature he madeHON, C. H, BAYS, SR,a statement relating how he personallyinvestigated Tnnlac. This is what hereported:"While I was campaigning in Whitley county a good friend of mine whohad been troubled with a run downsystem told me that Tanlac had helpedliim. I felt the same way, and when Itold him so he insisted that I try it Itook his advice."After taking only two bottles myimprovement was simply remarkable.I take a great deal of pleasure in recommending Tanlac, as I believe it tobe the best all around tonic and bloodpurifier on the market."For thirty-nine years Mr. Bays hasbeen a prominent minister in theChristian church. He Is sixty-nineyears of age. lie has lived in Knoxcounty since he was three years old.If you don't feel right get Tanlac today. If your stomach is sour and youfeel blofited after eating and have thatgeneral tired out feeling, it is a signthat nature needs help to get your system back in order.Tanlac, the master medicine andrprvrnstrilPfrlVP tnnin Jc cnlrl ovoln.siVpiv in parts hv vnninn x-. c,n-other exclusive agents in nearbytmvn. nrp , fniinwc-ktJTCHISON, Sneil & Wood; MIL--ERSRTIRfi. W. a. WaiIpII: PTIJZA"" ..- .., ...npiTR Osonr Smith- OARI.TST.Tn' T -" -- - ...... ,-.-m.-mm.I " "' i -j.v. -v aCompany; AUSTERLITZ, B. S. Parrish. (adv.)SERVICE WINS.No store can live on occasional customers. There must De a constantlyjncreasmg number of steady custolike, and then treat them just thati way.I.SPRAINS AND STRAINS RELIEVEDISloan's Liniment quickly takes the'pain cut of strains, sprains, bruisesnd all muscle soreness. A clean, cleariquid easily applied, it quickly penerates without rubbing. Sloan's Liuinent does not skin or clog the poresike mussy plasters or ointments.Tor chronic rheumatic aches and pains,neuralgia, gout and lumbago have thiswell-known remedy handy. For the. f -inT.0 nt1fi fnllnwine strenuQUS work it gives quick reiief. At allI druKgiSts 25c.I(april-adv)Give us liberty of body, mind andsoul, or else wehaven't any liberty atull.WHY CONSTIPATION INJURESmmwk &''; szZ'j'M: . . codThe bowels are the natural sewerage system of the body. When theybecome obstructed by a constipation apart of the poisonous matter whichthey should carry off is absorbed intothe system, making you feel dull andstupid, and interfering with the digestion and assimilation of food. Thiscondition is quickly relieved by Chamjerlain's Tablets. Obtainable every-where.(april-adv)Everybody Knows HendricksTelephone 2585All Metal(Higgins Mfg. Co.)Window ScreensWeather StripsWALGER AWNINGSBest Screen Doors and Windows InThe World.Window and Door Equipments.T. A. HENDRICKSLEXINGTON, KY,Special AttentionIs Called To Our Pretty Display OfSUMMER DRY GOODS,DRESS GOODS, SILKS,LADIES' SUITS, SILK SUITS,SILK SKIRTS, COATS, WAISTS.Handsome Display ofLADIES', ' MISSES7 AND CHILDREN'S "TRIMMED HATSWE GIVE BLUE STAMPS. Call in. We are pleasedto show you. We arp reasonable in price, and will saveyou on your purchases.6iCuln Bros. Department Store$MMb and main Sts. Paris, KentuckyWomen AreBusinesslikeStatistics show that the number of women depositors is rapidly increasing.We realize that women today are a big figure in thebusiness world.We pay special attention totfyeir accounts.Courteous tellers and clerkswill gladly explain anythingwomen want to know in thebanking line.Farmers' & Traders' BankF. P. KISER, PresidentWM. GRIMES. Bookkeeper.Sixth and Main Streets Paris. KyProfessional Cards.Bourbon Building &Loan AssociationFIRST NATL BANK BUILDINGIN REAR OF BANKEntrance on Fourth StreetDR. WM. KENNEYEye, Ear, -Nose and Throat.ROOMS 403-404.FIRST NAT'L BANK BUILDING.PHONE 136.WM, GRANNANAi(orneyatLawROOMS' 401-402.FIRST NAT'L BANK BUILDINGOneDropBourbon Poultry Remedydown cfitdc'i wtajploa TT1?Cfa 3-.ns n fVi VWIUJlldrinklnff water cures 3 A ILMCandnrerentawhlta TJL MJriiJdiarrhoea, cholera and other chickdiseases. One 50-cent bottle makes13 gallons of medicine. At druggtgts or by mall postpaid. Valuable poultry book free on request.Wmm KKIT ft., Ltactet, Kr.a HrHHiLexington., Ky.srtilil. iri 1 1 n u 1 1 fri iJNO. J. M.CLINTOCK. CastnerIVir.FarmerThis is the time of yearto give stock a tonic. Isell the bestSalvetStock and PoultryTonic.iW. C. D0DS0Rinnnfr"-Iit -m"vVIWtj$hwiuj uu uvrutvA a n mi, w bus aw.a uuivw m III' wm.1 W.(april-adv)Ls.i IjJgUBSDAY, APRIL 24, HIT. Tr 1r THE BOURBON NEWS, PARIS, KY.FACTFair List PricengSBn jrTVeatmerrt(?PJF.1The 1917,Messa''wnersVJXafcWMhVJAfciijAN IMMORTAL POEM.yjBJMIB,$?EHmksMjrtttvt.J&ti$Itfl.. tnlffrC871irv5&tCost Little MoreT23C handsome, hcsliyPrice Each375(C1 C"0 C-3.953D3 (Regciir6-i) - - -375 -zx3Vr7AE5;3"75H BL&C& S&P'FTY TRSTAH TlDres irvERE is the Big Newsof the Year for theowners of Ford Automobiles.The B. F. Goodrich Rubber Company,having centered its 48 years' experienceand knowledge directlv on the Problem nfmaking the best tire for the Ford Automobile, has brought forth a tire that fulfills thespecial needs of the Ford Automobile, and doublesits virtues.It is the tire for which Ford drivers have been waitinga Ford car tire of HEROIC SIZE:16.69 jGOODRICH "Three-Seventy-Five"This husky tire of Super-size and Super-strength lifts the Ford car1 to thesum-total of perfection.Generous in rubber and fabric, it is a 31-inch by 3 inchtire, built with the reerular five fiWer Black Safetv Tredto fit 30-inch rims on a Ford car.fhere Tm Se This SignOoodricb Tires are StockedThat extra inch on the circumference andfull three-quarter inch in the cross-sectionare just what the Ford car tire needed.Treat your car to longer life and yourself to more enjoyment of the car by asking your dealer for the Ford Car Tireof HEROIC SIZE: Goodrich's THREE-SEVENTY-FIVE.The B. F. Goodrich Rubber Company, Akron, Ohio.tiS $wTmm- aEtJKSiiHMy jCSS jft Jr7TSeharfiest in the Long Ru.nA Your Dealer lor Then gKI&1.-Vfeftfc WW "- tr-mwi immiJSMSSFSSSiSgBy Joseph Rodman Drake.When Freedom from her mountainheightUnfurled her standard to the air,She tore the azure robe oft night.And set the stars of glory there,bhe mingled with its gorgeous dyesThe milky baldric of the skies,VJ ith breakings of the morning light;Alien iron; nis mansion in the sunShe callea her eagle bearer down,And frave into his minrht-v 1-mnrlI The symbol of her chosen land.Majestic monarch of the cloud,Who rear'st aloft thy regal form,To hear the tempest trumpings loudAnd see the lightning lances driven,When strive the warriors of thestorm, fAnd rolls the thunder drum of Heaven,Child of the sun ! To thee 'tis givenTo guard the banner of the free.To hover in the sufphur smoke,To ward away the battle stioke,And bid its blendings shine afar.Like rainbows on the clouds of war,The harbingers of vict iry IFlag of the brave ! .Thy folds shall flyThesion of hone and trinmnh hirhI When speaks the signal trumpet tone,i """ me u& nut; uumes gleaming on.j Ere yet the lifeblood, warm and wet,j Has dimmed the glistening bayonet,xLHcii sojGier eye snail brightly turnTo where thy sky-born glories burn;And, as his spring steps advance,Catch war and vengance from a glance.And, when the cannon mouthings loudHeave in wild wreaths the battleshrcud,And gory sabers rise and fallLike shoots of flame on midnight's pall.Then shall thy meteor glances glow,And cowering foes shall shrink beneath Each gallant arm that strikes belowThat lovely messenger of death.Flag of the seas ! On ocean waveThy stars shall glitter o'er the brave;When death, careering on the gale,Sweeps darkly round the bellied sail,And frighted waves rush wildly backBefore the broadside's reeling rack,Each dying wanderer of the seaShall look at once to Heaven and thee,And smile to see thy splendors flyIn triumph, o'er hiV closing eye.Flag of the free heart's hope andhome !by angel hands to valor given !Thy stars have lit the welkin dome,And all thy hues were born in Heaven,Forever float that standard sheet !Where breathes the foe but falls before us,With Freedom's soil beneath our feet,And Freedoms banner streamingo'er us !L JWL mifwLM 1the GOODRICHfibre solefor shoesOutwears leather-comfortable-dressy-waterproofYou Don't Have toStoopIf You Use aGarlandCabinetRangeGERMANY ADMITS SEVERELOSSES IN BATTLE.D. A. R. PRESIDENTIALSTRUGGLE DECIDED.STOCK, CROP, ETC.Mr. Henry S. Caywood, of BourbonCounty, bought last week 650 head offine beef cattle, averaging around1,400 pounds each, for which he pailfrom $10.50 to $12 per hundred pounds,or an amount in excess of $100,000 forthe entire purchase. The cattle are tobe shipped to Swift & Company, inNew York, within the next thirty days.The purchases were made as follows :From Simon Weil &. Son, of FayetteCounty, 400 cattle.From English An-lerson & Son, ofMontgomery County, 160 cattle.From Sid Hart, of MontgomeryCounty, about 60 head of cattle.TOBACCO TAX WILL WORKHARDSHIPS ON USERS.Ir Ti7jiiijEELLilL8' lvi iejBhHuHIHuI S II ll iW K9)If Congress passes the proposed additi-onal tax on tobacco products smokBRITISH HEADQUARTERS IN WASHINGTON, April 23. Mrs. jers and chewers of the "weed" willPPAK.I Anril 23. A fiprman nffippr fieorere Thacher Guernsev. of Kansas. . find themselves confronted bv thentiirori T'liocfiai- franViv ctnfori thnf was elected President General of the highest nrir.es and the smallest nark-1the Germans regard the loss of Vimy Daughters or the American revolution iage ever known in this country,! t-w . -. At t' a. i j. xt l Pryy 4-l Tri'i. tliroa iranrv TiViiit"c:?i ' I . -itioge as uie oiggest ueieat uiey navtj iui "t "'t jmo o.xxiiii3U.jsuffered since the war began. This ofii- "ight over three -opponents, by a macer knows the ridge thoroughly, hav- jority of 58 on the first ballot. Mrs.ling been stationed ou it all last sum- Cuernsey received 677 votes; Mrs. Geo.mer, and said he could not under- C. Squires, of Minnesota, 263; Mrs.I stand how any troops could fail to John Miller Horton, of New York, 235,hold it. In his opinion, the garrison and Mrs. James Hamilton Lewis, ofmust have been demoralized before the Illinois, 121.British attack began. In one of the most vigorously con-I The latter statement is thought to tested fights in the history of the so.'he true, for other captured Germans ciety the entire ticket headed by Mrshave told of demoralization in their Guernesy, defeated at the last election ', j v. i-.-:- Kv TVTpc wniinm niimmir.fr Rtm-v was.ne Says.ranKS aiter several ua-ys vi me om- "j -. tx-" ..0 Jt ..isn intensive aruiier nre. ine uer- y. mi.u vmw&.mans continue highly nervous all along'the front, the slightest increase in the STRANGE CATCH.I British fire calling up distress signals.Prisoners taken in the last three . T v . PnMIdavstellof the spreaa of discontent in tiNe "rK rost,Jthe German army because of reducedGerson J. Brown, President of theJ. B. Moos Company, Cincinnati, oneof the largest cigar, tobacco and cigarette jobbing concerns in the United States, says if Congress passes thebill now pending the tax imposed willeliminate completely from the marketwhat is known as scrap tobacco infive-cent packages. Any scraps soldwill be placed in ten-cent packages,ATanv stranee thines have beenI rations since April 15. Each man for- found on the DOtt0m of Hamptonmerly received a hair loaf of bread Roads t far from where the sub.dailv Now he has onlv one-third of a . . ., , ...loa This reduction, coming after the trwr brought up an automobile onI Somme retreat, the defeat at Arras and Monday it proved to be the strangestthe beginning of the great French of all. The vessel was anchored in the'? :.. v..,, nnenA -miiM-1 rrnimhlintr Prindes not. far from where the sub-amnne tlie troons. (marine net is stretched between- - tFortress Monroe and Fort wood.The largest manufacturers of scraptobacco in the world are locatedwithin the Cincinnati Internal Revenue District, and, it is said, morascrap tobacco is sold in this sectionof the country than anywhere in theworld; also, the sale of scrap in thi3section exceeds the combined sales ofplug and other chewing tobaccos.FURNITURE WITH LIGHTS."TEDDY'S" THE MAN!It is hopel that the Wa Department will allow Col. Roosevelt to organize his di"ision. There are hundreds of mea who will enlist unde'Roosevelt, and they are the pick of;the country. It would require nuc b."short time to complete the organizaOne of the largest experiments inhousehold furnishings is electrically-onninnorl fiifnitiiro A woll.lrnnwnmen she made, preparations to sail it I author Qnce furnigned a house witnwas found that her starboard anchor'. n. ... ,v . . n Vft.jij i. . -a:i.. ii. I " - fj v. . . juiu. uul uume up aa icauiij' da nshould. It was dropped back to thesat on them, but the new furniturerlnos Tnf offor anvthirttr ltinro ctartHntrlULUJiu &iai Limes m tuc uuy tuuu than Hghting nxtures. It is Said Ofthe heavy object it had picked up, . nann,a fllof ... ,1ooe nf TOll11.aluub jjujiic mau iucu lutita kjm. j.-iwmight be shaken off. If it did not shakeoff, however, and when the anchor washoisted an automobile came with it atheir furniture should be placed didmot coincide with those of the archi- i-ia liable tn he needed soon- rm. ., tecL No matter where a man wantturn, and it is liable to ne neeaea soou nve.passenger car. The top of Uie car, . . . ... , ., , n , . - fA beautiful line of Garlands on dlsplay. Come In and look them over.Paris Gas & Electric Co.(Incorporated)'er than most people look for.PILES! PILES! PILES!Correct EnglishHOW TO USE IT.A MONTHLY MAGAZINE,Josephine Turck gaker, Editor.had been worn, away by time and tides,but the chassis and frame appeared t'V in nlflTf rrrr rr r ZHw TV rl ruc ill lain guuu buiiuiiiuii. xuc uts-stroyer wrent to the Norfolk yard withthe automobile still hanging to heranchor. It was reiand sold for junk.SPRING.ed his writing desk to go, he had toconsider the position of his lightingfixtures. Now the electrical appliance men and the furniture manufacturers are combining on a new lineof furniture, carrying its own lightingfixtures, which may be connected atthe nearest socket, or by tapping awire.C? -? r r a rr1rrA i-i-rtt-n T-i-rr tma w a--. -, o T"Tmon oy-"6 '""acu lAyvu. uj xuaiajr xoBustaess ad ProfessFonalT Club Wo- delightful season of the year,u 1 ' 1.ir,,f-Q hut this cannot be said of the rhen-WnUAMS' INDIAN PILE OINTMENT iS'oro Lawvers. Stenographers, and matic. The cold and damp weatherH2U cure BUnd, Bleeding and Itching Piles, for all who wish to Speak and Write brings on rheumatic pains which are2torbstAetuaoaUaysitAto8ratonce. jCorrect English Special Feature anything but pleasant They can beVZmi T-W-iSBVliridtii. Month; Your Every-Day Vocabulary; relieved, however, by applying ChamHow to Enlarge it Sample Copy 10- Deriain's Iiiniment Obtainable every-Subscription rnce a m. xw. . where.As Gov1 as Lost."Yon're sure you can spare this fiver,nx you, Shadbolt?'"Dinguss, if I had not been perfectlysure that I can get along without it Inever would have lent it o you." Chicago TriVune.Laugh and the world laughs witlrvou unless you are laugking at the. rOPPORTUNITY!Mr. R. F. CleiYdenin, Associate General Agent forthe Northwestern Mutual Life Insurance Company, inone day recently, sold $100,000 worth of life insuranceover local and long distance lines of the Home TelephoneCompany and because of such an amount of businessaccumulated in one day, he divides the honors with usfor the efficient telephone service rendered. This is asplendid record for both Telephone and Insurance Companies. Mr. Clendenin' says; "The service I get from yourCompany is all that I could ask, and on the closing dayof my campaign I used it with wonderful success."Such an opportunity in facilitating business should (be grasped by the public in general in employing co-operation,efficiency and confidence.Paris Home Telephone 8 Telegraph Co.(Incorporated)J. J. VEATCH, District Manager.W. H. CANNON, THOMAS K. UMITH,Equipment Manager. Cashier.EFFICIENCYIN CLOTIilM FOR MEN!Copyright 1317The Hooij o ITuppeahetaaXWe Are Agents For TheHouse of KuppenheimerSuits and OvercoatsFor Men and Young,Men. Now, more than at any othertime, you should buy merchandise that can be dependedon. For this reason we heartily recommend clothes ofthis make and we also GUARANTEE fit style and service. You can buy them here for$20.00 $22.50 $25.00TWIN BROS.Clothing and Shoe Dept. L. Wollstein, PropWe Give and Redeem Blue Trading Stamps.Bourbon LaundryDWIS & FUNK, Props.Telephone No. 4.West 5 StreetMspW?, v- v L ?SatLsiacfion is Onr' WatchwordWith all the latest- im-DrOVemPntR in laivnrlyiT1 &L r appliances and expertueipers we are preparedto do work inferior tonone, and solicit yourpatronage, jBourbon Laundry,Paris Kentucky.JMUJAMS MFC CO, tofvCtontmif OfcitOlERDORFER, Th DruflfllttEVANSTON, ILLINOIS.1 K : .Xapril-adr)-world.t5V..7'THE BOURBON NEWS, PAJHSrKY.TUBSDAY, APJHE U, lfllfAGK EIGHTiI44 II II 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 i 1 1 1 U 1 1 H H 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 H 1 1 1 1 I " neer Talley's engine, and an hour after 'tax. Senator Huntsman desired oT nis chiefs death was r mb .... ,., .-, -nfnni ., ... " war to striKe inis provision irom tne Dill, butCincinnati with the train, which left, Ms amendment was defeated.i wi, f i hi ' . j I 'Tne Schneider race track bill, impos-I - lu"Ci" wu do Kneici in St.I Mary's Cathedral in Covington atnine o'clock this (Tuesday) morning.Hue interment will followMary's Cemetery,War Orphans!tin St.Servfpps wow v.ti.i I i . it. ttiw fi, o, tr 'i...,'.; . r "wujea uy iue nuuse.., wm ttcuiuuaj xjuyai uraer ofing a license tax of $500 daily on theLouisville and Latonia race tracks and$200 daily on the Lexington race tracir,as amended by the Senate, was pass's I fcmeers amiSpall-be? vers.conductors willact ast1 mn'uaxiujmlujniajl.According tO local papers, France is allowing Jj Moose at the Tally home on Latonia. .. o n f omfcnonpo nf pQrh wrnmn $. avenue, Sunday night. L. & N. en.Think of the little ones who meet YOU when YOU. !return home at night, being placed in the same cir- Jcumstances; their under-nourished little bodies; their $craving for food because our Government couldallow each one only ten cents a day.True parental love could provide against this Jby adequate insurance. Think of what a smallmonthly income policy would have done for the or-pbans of France, and will do for your own childrenshould they become orphans.R. F. CLENDENINAssociate General Agent The Northwestern MutualLife Insurance CompanyCumb? Phone 37; Home 72 Residence, Cumb. 352 ff201 FIRST NATIONAL BANK BUILDING $1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 l-l"1"Tt T'T,,T',T"T',,"t'"T"T"T"T'","T"T"T"t',T',T,,t,,T,lT ' f-T'-T'-T'-T-TTTlTAYLOR TATE.Mr. Walter Tate, a prominent resident cC the Shawhan vicinity, andMiss Maude Taylor, of Denver, Col,were married last week at the homeof the bride's brother, in Oklahoma.CUTS OUT SCREENADVERTISING IN MOVIES.MILLERSBURG;' DEATHS.HITT.Mr. jl G. Allen and Mrs. Clara. The funeral of Mrs. Susan Hitt,Shanks are improving slowly. aged sixty-eight, who died at eightMrs. Katherine Davis Craig was a o'clock Saturday, after a long illness.. guest of Mrs. Porter H. Nunnelley, in resulting from paralysis, was held atGeorgetown, Friday. Foster Chapel, near Mt. Olivet, Sunday.-Mrs. J. T. McClanahan has return- Mrs nitt ,d and , sur.'hf hHvTanrfs S vived b two daughters, Mrs. Janieat'Yiit to relatives in Paris. . JMrs. Minnie Hurst has returned Linvillo, of Robertson county, an-Jfrom a visit to her parents, Mr. and Mrs. James A. Snapp, of BourbonMrs. Edward Cochran, at Elizaville. county. The family formerly lived inMm. Raymond Frizzell, of Paris, Robertson county.was a guest last week of Mrs. MollieDaugnerty, at Switzer, Scott county. YOUNG.Mrs. Charlton Alexander has re irs Agnes Atkinson Younc,turned home from a visit to Mrs. Josie wjdow of tne late Prof c E Young, a111 Farris, at "Maple Hill," near Ver- former well.known Paris educator,-" w- r- ,i i,nr0 died last week at the home of her' Paris' have returned from a visit to daughter, in Greensboro, Alabama, af-'lirs. Jack South, at Switzer, Scott ter a short illness. Mrs. Young, whoaunty. was n ner seventy-sixth year, hadMr. M. E. Pruilt and family have been visiting at the home of herreturned from Stanford where they at- daughter, Mrs. Georgia Hollings worth,tended the funeral services of Mr. Pru- ia Greensboro, and up to the time ofitts father, rma. her death, had apparently been in herMrs. Maoei iwuruiey aiiu. . ". , . hpalthM Caldwell spent from Saturday until usual &0d wealth.Monday with her parents, Mr. and Mrs. Young will be remembered byBailes DeBelle, at Ewing. tae PePle & Paris w" knew herj j, c. Leer, while in his new prior to 1884, when she was associ-automobile, ronding the curve on ated with her husband in the conductSouth Main street, Friday, collided of a perparatory schbol for young-!7ith Mr. Isaac Furman, who was m women, in the residence on HighIris buggy. None of the occupants street now occupied by Mn Jos were injured, and one fender of Davis3r. Leer's machine was slightly dam The remains were taken to her oWThe 'cadets of M. M. I. mt on the hme Staunton, Virginia and Inbeautiful three-act comedy drama Fri- tered by the side of the body of herday evening at 8 o'clock at the M. M. I. husband. She is survived by herDrill Hall. Notwithstanding the in- daughters, Mrs. Bradford Noyes, ofclement weather, a good audience was Charleston, West Virginia; Mrs. Chas.present Th& play was full of humor Bidgood, of Wilmington, North Caroand each one did his or her part per- lina; Mrs. Georgia Hollings worth, ofXectly. , ,. p . Greensboro, Alabama; and two sons,Tour of the World The -ladies of Vn nn( .... Yn.,;the Methodist church will conduct a TC1rlesf E'Unf andwRofe. ou.ns'"Tour of the World" on Thursday, both f Charleston, West Virginia.A'pril 20. The parties will start from Mrs. Young and her daughter; Mrsthe park in the afternoon from 3, 4 Noyes, were guests about two years.and 5 o'clock. Tours will be taken in ago of Mrs. Thompson H. Tarr, atautomobiles to the various countries her home on the Georgetown pike, nearrepresented, and refreshments typical pariSf here they had a hap,oy reel, each country will be served at each union in meeting manv of their fViendsslop. Those wishing to do so may go .w. their own machines, but trans.porta- OL uie IOI1k as-tion will be provided for all. Tickets,zdnlts, 50c; children 12 years of age ",and under 25c. While getting ready to take out his' train on the regular run from Lexing-TWO NEW4INTERURBAN ton to Cincinnati, from the Union StaCARS ARE PURCHASED tion in Lexington, Saturday morning,Edgar B. Talley, aged fcrty-seven,The Kentucky Traction & Terminal dropped dead.Company purchased Friday two double- Mr- Talley was in the trainmen'send interurban cars for usi on its in- room ia the basement of ,the stationterurban lines, especially to permit an vhen the sudden summons came Whenincreased service between Lexington he reached the station a few momentsand the mobilization camp. before his death he was apparently inThe new cars were purchased from nis usual good health and fine spiritsa. Columbus, Ohio, Comnany. The and had just begun to get into hiswill be put into immediate service, overalls for his day's work when heAfter the departure of the soldiers was stricken. His fireman, R. C. Pepthese cars will be used on the Paris- Ps, and Dennis Minogue, both ofLexington and the exington-Ver- Paris, were standing only a few feetfilfe Frankfort lines. .away. They stated that Talley sankM to the floor without a word and ex-FORMER PARIS MAN HEAD pired almost immediately.OF BIG INSURANCE CO. Engineer Talley has been in the em-ploy of the L. & N. for about thirtyTHE NEWS has received a copy of years. For many years he was a Aretha Pittsburir. Pa.. Chronicle-Tele- man, but for more than twenty years!. - -- .graph in which appears a half-pag3 he had been running as a passenger!. display advertisement of the Pittsburg engineer between Lexington, Paris andLife and Trust Company. The fea- Cincinnati. Paris railroad officials saidtare of the advertisement is the an- he was one of the best engineers innouncement as follows: the .service of the company and his"The Board of Directors of The long service with the company indiPittsburg Life and Trust Company cated that his services were satisfacta.kes pleasure in announcing that Mr. fcory and duly appreciated.Frederick A. Wallis, of New York He was a member of a well-knownCity, has been elected President of Virginia family, and had been a resithe Company. The Company now dent of Paris at different periods durvfcas Insurance in force amounting to ing his career as fireman and engiover $118,000,000 and assets over neer. His home was in Covington, but$24,000,000." his run necessitated spending his.Mr, Wallis is a son-in-law of Mr. nights in Lexington, as his train cameand Mrs. Thomas Henry Clay, Sr., of in late in the evening and returned toParis, having married Miss Nan- Covington the next morning,iine Clay some years ago. He was . Mr. Talley is survived by his widow,im business in New York several years j who was Miss Nellie Coughlin, sisteras General Manager of one of the of Edward and Mike Coughlin, andlargest insurance agencies in the Miss' Jiary uougnun, or aris; tnrecmetropolis, and was at one time fa-j daughters; one son; and one brother,rorably considered for the position of Mr. Waddy Talley, of Richmond, Va.Stat Insurance Commissioner of New .They were notified of his death. TheYork. Mr. Wallis owns and manages (body was prepared for burial, and senta fine farm, near Austerlitz, a part of to Covington at 2:35 o'cclock Satur-tkft Clay ertate. where he spenaa aay atcernoon.Fireman Pepples was commissionedMr. E. H. Husley, proprietor of thoQueen and Zoe theatres in Houston,Texas, and owner of moving picturetheatres in Dallas, Galveston andWaco, Texas, has abolished all screenadvertising, with the exception of announcement of coming attractions, inall his houses."The revenue we derive from theseadvertisements did not justify us inforcing patrons to sit for several minutes while we told them where to buypickles or petticoats," said Mr. Hulsey.We discovered that theatre-goerswent to playhouses to see pictures andnot read what some firm had for sale,or wanted to describe. We concludedthat newspapers are the proper medium for advertising and that weshould not force such ads on our patrons who assembled to be amusedentertained or instructed, and not tobe forced to read or look at somethingentirely extraneous."This action taken by Mr. Hulsey isstrictly in line with what has beendone uy moving picture theatres inall the larger cities. Screen advertising is considered an indication of acountry town where theatres must depend upon all sources of revenue inorder to make expenses.Thero is no doubt that the patronsof the Hulsey theatres appreciate theaction of that enterprising gentlemanin depriving himself of a few dollarsin order to better serve those who goto see moving pictures and not tobe informed that some one sells beans,buttons or bicycles.BILL TAXING LIQUORPASSES THE SENATE.By exactly the required vote, 20 to13, the Senate, Friday passed theSquirner bill, fixing a tax on spirituous and vinous distilled and sold inKentucky. "As amended by the Senate Revenueand Taxation Committee the bill provides for a tax of two cents a winegallon on every proof gallon of distilled spirits, known as double stampsspirits, distilled in Kentucky. It provides for an excise itainp tax of twenecents a gallon of spirituous and vinousliquors sold at retail in Kentucky.The bill provides that if liquor idfound in possession of a person in thoState without the stamp tax, even ifthe liquor is for personal use, thepossessor of the liquor must pay theSUBSCRIPTIONDANCEATVarden'sjHall, Paris, Ky. 'ONThursday Night,April 26thMusic byMontague7s SaxophoneTrio, of Lexington.TICKETS, $1.00MflRGOLEN'SSPECIALS THIS WEEKHome-KilledMeatsBeef, Pork, Veal, Lamb.Seed Sweet Potatoes(Strausberg and Bermuda)AETNAAutomobile insuranceCompanyFire, Theft, Collision,Liability and Property DamageETNA AUTO SERVICEPresenting an Aetna AutoIdentification Card to any agentof the Aetna in any part of thecountry places the agent's services at your disposal in theevent of your having an accident.The largest company in theUnited States writing auto insurance.A. J. FEE, Agent.Paris, Ky.ComingAttractionsPARIS GRAND AND ALAMOTUESDAYMiss Christioe MayoIn Person"The Vampire Woman"Miss Mayo will appear at each showafternoon and evening when a featurestarring her will also be shownRobert Warwick in I'Heart of a Hero,"World feature. Charles Richman andDorothy Kelly in"The Swamp Adder"9th episode of "The Secret Kingdom.'WEDNESDAYFamous Players Featuring an All-Star Cast in"The Martyrdomof Philip Strong"Also Burton Holmes'Travels and Bray's Cartoons. THURSDAYJune Caprice in'The Mischief Maker'Fox production. AlsoHank Mann in "TheCloud Puncher," Foxcomedy in two parts.Hours-Alamo, 2 to 5:30; 'Paris Grand,7 to 10;30, Admission 5 and 1 Oc.tittrConservation ofEye SightIs the Practice ofOptometryBy intelligent methods of eyeexamination, for the purpose offurnishing thq right kind ofGlasses when needed.We Practice-Optometry.Call or Phone Us.FRYE & FRANKLINDoctors of OptometryDow fildg., opp. Windsor HotelHIGH GRADE HOUSE 5 SIGN PAINTINGInterior DecoratingHard Wood FinishingWALLPAPERPAINTS WINDOW GLASSEAGLE and DUTCH BOY WHITE LEADSHERWIN-WILLIAMS MIXED PAINTSBERRY BROTHERS and PRATT & LAMBERTCELEBRATED VARNISHES"The Best," Our MottoC. A. DaughertyParis, KentuckyFifth and Main StreetsiLargest Selection OfSpring Footwear!All the NewNovelties,The LatestCreations ofen's, Women's and Children'sBoots, Oxfords and Pumps!In white, grey, mahogany brown, black kid and other fashionable shades, as well asthe more conservative styles., Owing to our system of merchandising in advance and in bigquantities, we are now in position to offer to our customers the highest quality and themost stylish Spring Footwear AT PRICES LESS THAN THE PRESENT WHOLESALEMARKET.Just a Few of the Many Styles and Their Prices:vJLadies7 White Kid Most Fash- cionable Boots at 20W3 lipLadies' White Cam. Sea Island eo ttiaPolish Boots :fr-5J5JLadies' Rich Brown or Russ. TanEnglish or French Heel BootsLadies' Kid Lace Boots andPumps which add grace to yourfootLadies' Pat. Dull Kid eo QQ co AQBoots and Pumps at. . fciw-Ai!Ladies' Pat. and Gun Metal Shoes - 0Land Slippers at . . U5J4.953.49Men's Russian Tan English MShoes and Oxfords, W.-0...$4.50 UpMen's Plat. Calf English and Me- - -dium Toe Shoes and Oxfords. . . . $4-00Men's Gun Metal and Tan Shoes ,-.and Oxfords, Walk-Over 3.50Men.s Gun Metal, Button and 0 Atand Lace, good quality 2.99Men's Tan Lace Oxfords -at 2.49iMen's Gun Metal High Shoes and ,-Oxfords 1.99Special Prices This Week,tt of his Yuoa (Miring tne sum-ar aoatiuE.to temporarily take charge of Engi-Boys', Misses' and Children's Shoes and Slippers AtONE-HALF THE PRICE YOU PAY ELSEWHEREDAN COHENParis' Greatest Shoe StoreWhere Beauty and Economy ReignnrM rmo z.. . m m. w iifirm n ii rm if .-fall II ml 11 f - I 1 ' - - ' - -l m MM II m LJ f mmt ! 1 tF w FwwWwwWWWwwWWwwwwwwwwwwrwrrrw ''vvWWWWWWVWWWWWP Hr4k- r i i m- .- , v - m