THE BOURBON NEWS.." .PUBLISHED EVERY TUESDAY AND FRIDAY IN THE YEARVOLUME XXXVI.PARIS, BOURBON COUNTY, KENTUCKY, FRIDAY, FEBRUARY 23, 1917.r.-&.stWilson To Go Before Congress Soon.Will Not Ask For Declaration ofTHE TOBACCO MARKERS.,Y. M. C. A. DEBT-RAISINGBOURBON WAREHOUSE TUESDAY, FEB. 20.MR. THOMPSON ATTACKS I riTve eiikf Atkfni ai AtiR..A..CAMPAIGN SUCCESSFUL TAX COMMISSION BILL. ".- W ,un.' In another column will be found thAt the session of the Kentucky Lcs financial statement of the condition ofF1 some timft thrrA hnc hQon o .,Wt , r The Bourbon Tobacco Warehouse debted -";:; :f"Cl o n i V "iC.ocolu" u tue tventucicy j.e- financial statemenar, DUt For Company sold Tuesday 173,060 pounds ,n ' T V bout 20-M sIature in Frankfort. Wednesday, fit- the city of Paris.D T n . . A . or toacco for $30,782.01. an average v T WUU1'V -" vaneues oe arguments wc- Under the GIrectrnWPr I ft rrnrprf Amoi-i Pkt of S17.7S Der hundred. The markot. lounS lens Christian Association, an heard in the House, when snPnVpr.: i. o,i n4z zaii AVfigliLD was hardly as d as Monday. institution tliat was .promoted for the ternately praised and condemnpd" m, m Ar- w tt.. ,-llTr'.Zrcrop averages follow: benefit of the young men of the city proposed tax measures during: the , finntii -iriir- r , T---..-.. ...... v. mjg ii, j ueiTiThe Following Bulletins Tell All are homeless and dyingImportant Happenings of theWar Situation.WASHINGTON. D. C, Feb. 22. ThatResident Wilson will address Congress before the end ofSomei t ,. . . .., . . .in pviIp . bcott sokl iJ,10U Punas' aver- dna county m equality of interest. On public hearing.onrrltno- -v o Kl , , "c -pxo.uo. uiia UUIUUIIL me;; ? "-" mbagu.irom jonn w. j. Urfer sold 1,365 pounds, avMassefield, famous English writer, erage $19.03.made public here by the American Skillman & Well sold 4,605 poundsCommittee for Armenian and Svrlan average $19.29.uelier.CIrection of Mayor HintouFinancial Committee, ofcertainly been well taken care of fotuiujitssc nas oeen mu0 &,, . . , ,J'i CcAf'tahhroC "resoles, as shownin theNEW YORK, Feb. 22. Federal in-naxf ttftrtl ,ii-i . ....ib ci:i,. i im manrc i rro i -- a i .M..x a r- ili??!!l Prtect American Karl W. Wunnenberg, officials of theJ. W. Connell & Cassidv sold 3.170pounds, average ?17.52.Baird & Fogle sold 2,135 pounds, average $17.24.drain on Hip rps.rnrpoc rf fha incHt-. . 'tl0TL .. .proceedings, has this to say of Mr. statement amount to $96,371.23, andSeveral davs nn n w i w JameS H TnomPson. of Paris, who is the expenditures $89,464.41, leaving scampaiS JtiJJTSrt eadta Bpirits and baIance on hand ie TreasurofcoterieTf Paris buness men, who mVerS m the anizan: S6.90688 The statement fs made artheld an executive meeting in the rooms "Conspfcious because of the speak- ndude a" lt6mS UP t0 Janaar'Meteer & Ginn told 4.995 pounds, at the Y. M. C. A. building:. Different ers irony and pers-onal sarcasm, the 2.. . .rights on the seas, was regarded prac- Central VoweWr fZ FvohnnT aVerage ?18'74- plans of relier for the institution were address of James Thompson, of Bou-- noin 8ala Uie Admim"s?"vetically certain in official circles at for alleged vatlon ot n r?ift ; Ar P.1 SOld 2'720 pounds' aver- jested and discarded, until one of n county, representative of the Ken- f111 f?r thf year was .809.S7.Washington yesterday. I' g0 " lolation of the neutralit age $17.47. the raen f p , . . ... tucky Taxpayers' League, attracted as The Pohce DePartment cost the cityL- lln d"?.m!n abrad o obtain Highland & Purcell sold 7,350 pounds, w hev Lkl much attention as 5ff in salaries .3.4. The Fire Depart-WASHINGTON, D. C, Feb. 22.-Tn- " ,.:". '!..: ! .l..V. T Uerman rTl5 r;., . . ....... matter in hand themselves and rnk, been a headllner in a nrommme of ment expenditures during the yearthe amount, or as much as possible, at vaudeville stunts. Although the speak- , 5,1U1U1-1. ths includes besidesnnifov x-, Tf,-nir ci,i R iK nn,,n0 n-.itlie earliest nosQihlP mnmpnt Thi er adroitly sidetracked the fssiiP whpn au-iaiJta " general expenses,,-erage $20.01. ' ' Ju-an started the ball ruling with a bombarded with questions as to his 100:00 for the handsome new fire truck.Deglow & Knight sold 4,105 pounds, subscription of $5,000, and in a short idea ot constructive revenue legisla- " water rent or ,j,i5.U0. bchoolMt4innC tViot !, a- . .. ... """i-rti uuuionues, will De SOUgllt J-"e oc r iciuiier fcoiu o,tio yuuuus,7-7,;, T, "I'""!": '" here ". it was learned tor, av.w I1MJ.li . """"" j' "11UIX15 to-dav.were strengthened to-day when Secre-S21-Hal? r Efter a ?nference wth a WASHINGTON, February 22.-Inil"MnnUnCed Ulat Uie General order that President Wilson? as Com-Staff bill would be sent to Congress.LONDON, ENG., Feb. 22. An Ital-mander-in-Chief of the army and navy, erage $18.72.average ?iS.03.Lair & Hick sold 5,300 pounds, av'time there had been received pledgesmay have an exact idea of the state o"the two branches have been instructed average $19.92.J. N. Shropshire sold 2,970 pounds, t '-oMm 61Q 09 anQand individual subscriptions, six of$1,000 each, two of $500, one for $100,a number of smaller amounts.tion, .he sped along at a mile a minute and HosPitaI Funds, the allewanc toduring the hour he attempted to tram- the P,lblic ra. street lighting,pie undeu foot the prqposed tax. ,n"m&. chanty, etc.Mr Thnroncnn -nQc ,,. .,-,,...:.. J Read over the statement and your'; u2 rTSlr" &" J ,. ai ill& will find lots of items that wUl bem. a. . . . -" i-w uiauuica iicivt; ulThT S S wim troops, sunk to e imraediatelv an exact Thompson & Morgan sold 3,125 swelling the total to an amount that f that the Legislature faces the most interesting tn TthP J Cis the Mediterranean, and six other nr9emL f AJl-Jll noimd . nvomirp iQn practicaUv insures the raisinir of Uie .serious nrohlem ft hn ro ,nna ti,. interesting to the taxpayer. CompareKii- I "-"l .w.0w f-w.ww. . " w I " -' "'"vv- - ntll. CfOtamont tA thn finn'nn.al nto.1vessels, including two armed steamers. fighting forces c the countrt Arnold & Stone sold 5,(are reported by the Overseas News T h(T reuort will dpni witu nil! Ar average $17.21. 'Agency as victims of submarines dur J Z", M " '?.. l?"!?1 "S C I Charles Fisher sold 3,765iiig the past few davs.LOUISVILLE, KY.. February 22.Kentucky theatres and picture showshave been requested by the KentuckySpangled Banner" or "America" playd daily, and audiences are urged topnind.DraiSment Of the condition of the rorr.w w. Uw . v0 n i on nnn i.i mt i. . .uau pounaE. o-su.uuu neeueu. rnis so entnuseu tneraen that they have taken a solemnpounds, av- vow the money shall all be raised.They have gone about it so quietly andso systematically that this will be thefirst intimation the general ipublic willhave of the matter.There is every reason why this institution should be fostered and encour-Woodford & Pridemore sold 2,175 age, as its aims and obiects are sopounds, average $18.92. well understood. There seems to haveThe next sale will be held at the been a faIse impression in the mindsBourbon House at 9 o'clock Wedner,- P ,., ,. Mw, i, v itui mciiij iciouno LliilL IIUU I. 11. V,. .c muHiiui ua nxsiL aa peiMUUUl IlULUTf. cimtra 491 1QI Offutt & Biddle sold 3,080 pounds,-The Ger- average $18.39.Fisher & Cameron sold 1,425 pounds,STOCKHOLM, Febman merchant submarine Bremen wasnot lost, and the reports of its failure average $20.34.to reach America was planned delibcr-! Webber fr Monday sold 2,310 pounds,nJ'L 1 ,J!at?l..!.0,et' f ately for the purpose of mystification. ,'g.w.. ..4o tv ua)c A lie OIUIaccording to the Aftonbladet.This newspaper says it learns that aletter received by a German sea Cap-nut ctnfomonf s 4-V -AvkAvkMlAl n(.1n:.,i i rt ... - ,, " ouiiciucui. iw uio imauviwi Biaim-chnr thot , t n . iliS f 0ther dtieS oi the sizelr n?a!t,e Tax Commission's Paris. with the salo(m Hcenge mi3S.Zt and specula- lng which amounted to aDout n7t0OOi? hpn"ra made UP 0 nanght the Cit taxes not increased, exceptsave theories. n-- i - A .. . ..an additional o cents, all of whica"You want a discussion of dollars went to the school fund, and the nu-and cents and you haven't gotten it merous improvements made in Parisyet all the arguments you have and you will readilv see that the af-heard in favor of these three bills fairs of the city have been handled in.nab ueen iounueu on tancy, not facts a business-like and economical manand figures," he said. 'Which reminds ner. Much credit is due to the Financeme of a patent medicine advertise- Committee, which is composed of W.mfiiL i enppea irom a paper to-aay o. Hinton, chairman: D. C. ParrislfBERNE. SWITZERLAND, Feb. 22.Miss Marie Haviland, of New York, amusic student, who has arrived herewas required to leave all her funds, inssoess of 1,000 marks, in Germany, iuaccordance with a rule recently es-xablished.tain, who is now visitintr Sweden, jis- ,i.m. mnninrr wniirnovir oiserted that Uie Bremen never was in- ' ,was S'tten up solely for the benefit J Here is a fellow who claims to havo and w. T.' Brooks These genUeme.1tended for trips to the United States, BOURBON TOBACCO WAREHOUSE, and amusement of the young men of jtaken this tonic, says it has made a are sure good financiers and deservebut, on the contrary, from the begin- WEDNESDAY, FEB. 21. Paris- But such is not the case. It new man of him and that he was a the endorsement of the taxpayers ofning was to be used as a supply vessel The Bourbon Tobacco Warehouse was incorporated as the Bourbon Coun- wreck before he took the medicine, the cityfor armed submarines. Omrany sold Wednesday 148,580 ty Young Men's Christian Associatior, would you fall for such an indorse- "pounds of tobicco for $25,717.23, for a U'UU"S"1BU01 uie county ment? Well, that's the way witn BRENT ARNOLD JR PROMOTEDthese Tax Commissioners they say ,HARTFORD, CONN., February 22.HALIFAX, N. S.. Feb. 22. On the an average of $17.30. The market con- as muL" at "lu uesire w &et. ils D"double grounds that talking machine tinued steady on low grades with co'- efits' ras for. the boys of Paris,records might carry code messages ory grades lower. Some crop aver ! Let s see f u"e can llielP these menwuo uru giving ineir money ana timeA former President of the United containing, valuable information for ages follow: f , , octne uennan military auuiunues wiuiu ruruy ec viyiuuu. awiu i,iou puunuo,the material of which they are made average $21.09.might be used to help relieve German'a John Welsh & Brother sold 3,000J VV.UJUO 1,J ...Ut,.. ; ,r n Inoiro -., o n I it nnmwlp nvamfra 41 Q 9SHis name is William Howard lT " T . ' , 6 4uau.' i-"""' u,:feC vot suca recurus louuu 111 pusses&ma uiiiues ec va.5.uuci buju ufwu puuiuu--,States has been enrolled in the Connecticut military census, the first NewHaven man to be visited by a censusagent.Taft. He is a professor of law and inhas fifty-ninth year. He weighs 265pounds and is 5 feet 10 inches inheight.in this cause. They can possibly expect no financial returns from theircontributions, but are actuated solelvby a desire to protect a public institution that is undoubtedly doing a fineworK here in Paris. It is a worthycause, and one that should meet witna generous response. Keep the Y. M.of the German officials returning average $18.81.home from the United States on the Leer & Clarke sold 5,550 pounds, avT7.-vl nntnlr T7TT tH17 Yta -nnnficMtorl hv ain&a 41ft 07the British authorities, it was learned I Cavwood & Fletcher sold 9,240 C A. going, and dielp to provide thehorn 'nnnnils. averacre 517.13.Jones & Butler sold 3,525 pounds. a&nS t.sinews of war for those who are man-BERNE, Feb. 22. Writers accom-.Tirmvinii Amhassarlnr Optot-H nut rfBerlin, declared that the censorship ol J."?! nl 1 .M .... . .the press in Germany Has l5eenMr':v cuu"!l uaiueamo, ..u. .as- i-, " "i' "" -".. f. . - ,pARls VS. WINCHESTERrational in the extreme, inasmuch asUie German go eminent spends millions of marks to get news to correspondents, and then the governmentcensors rule it outGibraltar, was sunk by shell fire Sat- erase $17.16urday. Two Americans were on board Grimes & Johnson sold 8,105 tpounds,her. The crew took to the boats. The average $18.52.collier was shelled while the crewBASKET BALL TO-NIGHT.Devotees of the eoal-tossinir andW. M. Rogers sold 3,315 pounds, av- fo3t rusning same of basket ball wjlltne btate is awruiiy sick hnanciallv Mr. Erent Arnold, Jr.. son of CoLand they recommend these bills as the Brent Arnold, former Parisian andcure-all for Kentucky's pains. Are well-known railroad man, who hasyou willing to try the experiment.- been in the office of the Louisville &"Mr. Thompson also attacked the Nashville for several years, has beenproposed classification of property for promoted to the position of Division,taxation purposes; He said it wasift Freight Agent at Louisville,right to have the little farmer and It is a matter of general congratulathe little real estate man paying, say, tion in that it recognizes the unquesa tax of $2.80 a hundred on his prop- tioned ability of Mr. Arnold anderty, and "some big "-Jch fellow, with promises still greater advancement in.a lotf stock and bonds, paying only railroad work for him. Col. Arnold,40 cents a hundred on his.' He de- his father, who preceded his son in aclared Kentucky recognizes no aris- successful business career along railtocracy in class and that the State road work, has been the recipient ofshould make no distinctions in class!- numerous congratulations upon "Wafying its property. 'It's unfair to tax son's promotion. Mr. and MrsAriSWtihe poor man so heavily and exempt have already uone to Louisville. T)fythe rich tellow,' he said." are both well-known in Paris. ""LONDON. Feb. 22. The nationalitvxj the schooner Dorothy, reported by John Guerre, ofL!ods Shipping Agency as havingleen sunk by a German submarine,?as not disclosed by that agency.Some of the London newspapers, howwer, describe her as the A.mericanschooner of that name.was taking to tne uoats, it is tie- erage $k.ih. gather at the Y. M. C. A. to-night atclared. ' Dedman & Gray sold 7,745 pounds, 7.30 0ciockt to witness the double-Taie Americans on tne vessel were, average it.ia. header games between the boys' and 2Los Angeles, aiH giris- team -of the Paris High SchoolFrank Wood, of Keene, N. H. The INDEPENDENT HOUSE THUKz?- and tne Winchester High School. ;Dalbeattie was a vessel of 1.387 tons. . DAY, FEB. 22. J while the score between the teamsbuilt in 1879 at Middlesborough. The Independent House sold on its was abDUt evenly balanced some time S. ii1 f 1 A s!.floors Thursday a total of 44,785AMSTERDAM, Feb. 22. The Norddeutshe Allgemeine Zigtung, of Ber-npn. Hnns is nln.vincr a Tniinh srroiifrprLONDON, Feb. '22. A law nas been pounds of tobacco, at an average ui game ,than hey did a(. winchesterlassed by the Australian Government, $18.18. The quality of the offering The bQvg, team wm defeated by thjaccording to a Reuter dispatch from was fair. Some of the crop a erases wincnester teanif while the Paris girlsMelbourne, forbidding the departure of follow pounds, team defeated the Winchester Highwomen or children for Europe under nvf l liym BOm V school girls' team. ,bn, prints prominently an appeal by any circumstances. Wesiey & son sold 3,945 pounds, uv- Both the boys' and girls' teams ot thethe President of the German Imperial The Indian Government recently erage 519.97. Paris High School have improved inBank for all German men and women adopted among its new war measures clay & Bramel sold 4,525 pounds, team work smce the Winchester game,-.0 sell their gold valuables to the Im a law forbidding women ana cnuuien average $18. f. and patrons of the sport may expect toperial Bank and dispose of all jeweli to sad for England exceptheld by them in neutral countries most usssnt reasons,wrotish a diamond agency. 'The ap.peal says the sacrifice of goM , -r-nd jewels wJiich the bank demand.',forms a part of the necessary supplywork, but that all classes do not yetfully recognize the necessity of thisfurther sacrifice.for the Lair & Osborne sold 3,725 pounds,average $18.49.Wiggins & Medlin sold 1,570 pounds.average $18.95.Redmon & Mattox sold 3,255 pounds, jnvprncrp. S20.38. !, T . ' Lair & Osborne sold 1,900 pounds,luv. ouuiuw" -j orprjnrp szi.ab. ',. ,r 'nn i, td,.;. ,n rv,ntute will be held at North Middletown GulSsany & Riser sold 1,935 - ? c,r;:" " ""Z -".FARMERS' INSTITUTE..see a ccfrking good game when theyI go to the Y. M. C. A. to-night! D. A. 3. CELEBRATION.IOne of the most unique entertain-'Silver Tea" promoted by the mem--c.v. o nrr Q nnrl nrnmispR to hp. ... nvamiro $17 11Oil luaii . , - r------ r - ijuuuuo, "b- v.. bor,r,P Jmiiimn Johnson P.hanter. T). ANOGALES. ARIZ.. Feb. 22. Freder- one of the best meetings ol tne insti- Plummer, Mcuiure & vjhiuul aum -- . . . . 4, TWE KNOW HOWADVANCE SHOWINGOf John B. Stetson Spring Stylesin Soft and StiffHATSV- T . '. 1 ... .... ,. . . . i i.ia :.. i. o nor e oi.oron-p $?n fii i it., which was neid iii tne .uasonic:ck Kaiser charged witn violation or tute tnat nas eve ceu u m u . i . ,- . q rd afternoon,tne national defense laws by seeking COunty. A co"P;"ee i InS F0URB0N TOBACCO WAREHOUSE' The rooms were beautifully decoratto obtain military mformatUm. was all the details for e program, hich K0UR O FBB. 22. 'ed for the occasion, and a programneld to trial ,n the United States Dis- It is assured ill he one thatill he werehouae of patriotic music and recitations wastrictCourL Army men me he only bolll en erta n fM s e r0vd 88,130 pounds of to- carried ont One of the prettiest feat-wunesses at tne pre immary neanng. the icuitu , - -" bacc for $15,373.05. for an average ure8 of the entertainment was the old- JKaiser, a German citizen, is at liberty most every subject or phase of larm 6 4 (per hundred. The Pans fashioned minuet danced in statelvoa 52,000 bond. life and farm ork v.ill be treated in ToDacco Warehouse sold 13o,8S0 f , . sixteen tots all attired in'S- 'addresses and papers by men compe- 10unds of tobacco for $24,045.83 for fashion J7 teen tots. ra a 'jjwA5Hivr.TnT TTph 22. Ger- 14. rn imnrtiP their narticular sub- WM nf S17.R9 ner hundred, colonial costumes, mere uas a large ;9many's U-boat campaign has failed in J.w The offering at the Bourbon House attendance. No admission fee wasks efforts to hold up traffic on the high During the sessions of the Institute was by far the poorest of the season, charged, but a silver offer ng from, ., o. r.:i i, nioroH .. w,.Jf TMirtr, MMilletnwn will ti,o mnrkpf showed more strengtn eadi one according to their means,"H51U, J-UIIX iVUUClU VCV.U upo uwc.x.. tne laulea VI - -"- "- --7-He announced officially that the Brit- nold auxiliary meetings in which edu- on all grades than at receish Government will issue a procla- cational work for the farmers' wives Some crop averages followrecent sales, realized a nice sum for the ladies ofish Government win issue a procia- cationaJ wore ior us -B w4v "1 Withers sold 2,665 pounds,raation announcing a change in the at- and daughter and sisters and aunts will . ,frge vv it. nerbritnde of the Government toward neu ., discussed. They win iuruisn lunch, , . i t. j.tral shipping.HENNA, Feb. 22. The AmericanAmhnsKndor to Aiistria-Huneary naseoneach day for the visitors.Uictago y-,-,w- rtn jCook & Stivers soia a.uuo puuuw,sold 5,380AmDassaaor to ivustria-nungaa j "uaiellirmpie REMAINS I J-'iluw Xllaanded a note to the Foreign Minis-jSUIGiuu BURIED ,N MAYSVILLE. I average, $19.77i average $19.02.r.lavbrook & SmartI Tv-iiinlo ovompp S18.76.I Dailey & Ryan sold 2,960 pounds,the Chapter.POTATOES HIGH.Ter lequesting clear and final infor-jnation as to the standipoint of Austria- j l)ody of yan0ey Case, who su5Hungary regarding submarine warfare, , fche nome 0f Mr. and Mrs.nd whether previous assurances given Wells, near Paris, Saturdayby. the Government are to be regarded morningf Dy snooting himself, wais changed or withdrawn. ! taken to Maysville for interment in'., unveTriiin Cemetery. No sen-iceWASHINGTON, Feb. 22. Figures .uie . . burial wag pr. .fmVinccV in NO!C "- - .Taylor & Thompson sold 6,vopounds, average $19.19.Columbia Brother sold 3,320 pounds,average $19.26.Potatoes are retailing on the Parismarket at one dollar per peck. ThisIs the (highest price they have everbeen known to attain here, and it isunderstood that there it not a veryready sale for the "spuds" even atthis price. People seem to be man-J. Li. Williams sold 6,220 pounds, av- aging to get along without them orerage $18.94. iare trying to nnu some suostnute iur& Watkins soia 0-OJ,them. At this very hign priceitpounds, average $19.33. seems dertain that Bourbon countyWrightiuiius, avBuvftc .px.7.wo. iseems ueruuii uiai, duuiuuu u""vRedmon & Bonta sold 2,455 pounds. - ,,, b temted to grow a litaverage ?il.o. e -on ' tie less tobacco next season, and putTnomason & iirauiejsold 6,520r-ivon iit hv flip "RritiKh "Embassy IKr,... - w w.w .Washington show that the .average y- foll0wing from Bourbon county . -V" - famaintained by the Germans m um , fl 0ie buriai: Mr. and Mrs. bil j & Etter sold 2,990 pounds, avbriefed submarine warfare has heeu a price Mn and.ane sunk for every hundred clearing Caje , Bryan Iorgan sold 3,145 , pounds.or entering an Engnsn poru Ti ,lovoinnPd later followingI in a larger acreage of potatoes.MODERN WOODMAN.Ll'nvnntro tISU I mi !, t. i mnt:nn fIt ueveiopeu " " ...,w..&v. v--""- ..rifle I mere win ue a. leguiui uiccimj, .honUnc tiiat Case and his wife had Hancock & Gregg sold 9,. 05 Punas'icamp No. 11330, Modern Woodman of1itrJ ZT been become estranged, and that mo. W . w. America at the regular meeting place.l iw;w wiww. t- fforts to enect a rewuuiwi.mi .'-::: iKniehts of Pythias Hall, to-nignt un-massacred or has died from starvation u tne motIve or. .u. Mntt Aav. whmarv'23. at 7:30 o'clock.and disease since the European war pe- my . ; --' , .ST.?XilBnB-r wm 'u ' R n HENSON Clerk.It deveiopea a-eiiunrope - - -- cpl ..destruction.ERY exclusive styles in Stetsons, that only theirexclusive agents can display to the trade. Featherweight, soft, broad brims and medium crowns,all the new colors olive greens, pea greens, pearls,straw color, light and dark shades of tan. There is noother hat made that gives the same service and satisfaction to a customer as Stetson Hats. Some merchantsmay try to convince you otherwise, but do not be deceived.Let Your Spring Hat Be a Stetson$4 and $5Our $3.50 Special Hat you will find to be very serviceable and nobby.Nettleton Spring ShoesAre now ready for your inspection. Light weight Russiaand Tan Calf, Vci Kids and Calf. Both in High Cutsand Oxfords. The sensible and serviceable shoes for men.NEW YORK, Feb. 22. One-third ofhe Armenian racemiicneiiiBiatemoieStetson Hats Manhattan Shirts Nettleton Shoesgan, and one-kalf of those remaimu6 -'-"Hio fi,i.oit , , , -- ""FRIDAY, FEBRUARY 23, 117.PAGE TWOTHE BOURBON NEWS, PARIS, KY.The Bourbon Newstttablished 1881 35 Years of Continuous Publication. .blished Every Tuesday and Friday.C e Year $2.00 Six Months.. ?1.U0Payable in Advance.IVTIFT CHAMP, Editor and Owner..(Entered at the Paris, Kentucky,Postoffice as Mail Matter of theSecond Class.): ;Any erroneous reflection upon thecharacter, standing or reputation orany person, firm or corporation whichway appear in the columns of THEBOURBON NEWS will be gladly cor-rected if brought to attention of thee&ior.ADVERTISING RATESDisplav Advertisements, $1.00 perinch for first time; 50 cents per incheach subsequent insertion.Reading Notices, 10 cents per lineeach issue; reading notices in blacktype, 20 cents per line, each issue.Cards of thanks, calls on candi-uaies. ODiiuaries anu resolutions, anu.similar matter, 10 cents per line.Special rales for large advertisements and yearly" contracts.The right of publisher is reserved factory sentiment that inferior mateto decline any advertisement or other rial hurts tine business in the long run., matter for publication. and for the good of the seller and thoAnnouncements for political offices workman, as well as the buyer, shouldmust invariably be accompanied by be rejected. In other places the ideathe cash. iof substituting inferior stock and' loose standarization of quality i'equally traditional. A temporaryANNOUNCEMENT. ' success may be reached on the latterbasis. But it is impossible to see howfe are authorized to announce tho it can become continuous and subsd Democrats below as candidiates stantiilai the Democratic primary on August '4, 1S17. to fill the offices to which-they aspire:FOR STATE SENATORLEE W. WAINSCOTT,Clark County.GEORGE HON,Clark County.ABRAM RENICK,Clark County.FOR COUNTY ATTORNEYDAVID D. CLINE.FOR JAILERGEO. W. JUDYTHOS. TAUL, '.10HN H. DOTY,WALKER KISER.C. T. MASTERSON,W. O. BUTLER.JOHN W. KING,J. W. HART.FOR ASSESSORWALTER CLARK,3SSteSr tomSTGEO. D. SPEAKES.of- Paris, with Lee R. Craven, of Little:Rck. at Deputy.. r Tlr iSV T j-h T TJ -rl rtmi rC Xntfllk , FOR MAYORJAMES H. MORELAND.FOR POLICE JUDGECLAUDE F. JtEDMON,J. W. BROWN.P. A. THOMPSON.'" ' ' HARRY L. MITCHELL." "" ERNEST MARTIN'EDITORIAL MUSINGS.The Power of Cold Facts.A remarkable instance of the power ,i the newspaper press hasJUSt.een given m England. A completrf3a.djustment of the cabinet governingtifeat country has just been forced, andit is said to have been due to a dis&tch trom a correspondent of the Loudon Times. This dispatch dwelt onthe fact that the army was being ,supplied with too much shrapnel andtoo few high explosive shells. STATE ASKED TO CURBIf thp downfall of the English cabi-i TELEPHONE GOSSIPS.net is thus truly explained, it is an 'icstance of the power of careful and ! Tne State public Utilities Commitaccurate statements of fact, both in'sion of Colorado, has been asked tonewspaper work and in political cam Jprevent women in Southern Coloradopafgning. There are too many news jfrom monopolizing rural gossip. Dpaper men in this country who are A S.-r0ng, of Mead. Col., testifying bcmere armchair critics. They can fore he commission investigating themte brilliant and slashing articles. I rates an(1 service of the Mountaintut they lack a foundation ot solid state3 Telephone and Telegraph Corninvestigation, panv. said the farmers were unableThe political stump is full of oh. to transact business over the telephonehand statesmen, who can get you up a an(1 requested the State Commissionslam-whanging speech in a half hour jt0 remedy conditions.It exposes the absurdity and futility jof opponents, and is clever, witty. WINTER BRINGS COLDS3nd sets the galleries to cheering. I TO THE CHILDREN.But when the thoughtful citizen getslionie he asks himself, "What more do jI know about my government?" To (-which he must answer, "Nothing."Probably one reason why political ;Tallies are not well attended is that"there is too much arm swinging andtoo little real informationAmerican newspapers are all thc-time presenting carefully preparedstatements of facts, that are just as""influential in a more limited field ashas been the dispatch that is said tohave broken the English cabinet. Butthe national temperament interposesobstacles in the way of the most accurate work. The public demands it?Taeivs quick. It would rather take an" unverified rumor to-day than to havean editor spend twenty-four hoursgetting more accurate information an1come in late with his story. Thepublic blames the newspaper pressfor inaccuracy, and then forces the-nwcrTw, tn Tn tiQ n..i! i" itions that make accuracy difficult ifnot impossible.Poor War Goods.A dispatch from a European correspondent reports that much complaintIs being made abroad with the qualityof. .war goods imported from thiscountry. It is asserted that l on alarge order for stocks'. Avhile the contract called for 70 per cent wool, yetthe goods were found to be 70 percent cotton. Also a big shipment oshoes it is said, has gone to piecesjn actual wearXow stories like these may be greatly magnified by foreign producers, whodislike to see American goods gettinga foothold even in war time. Butthere may be some basis for them"Tricks in every trade but ours," isa common proverb. Adulterations arecommon in this country, and some-times seem necessary to get businessT, m t k increase-!. . . , . .,marls for American goods. But ifthese goods vary -from samples oragreement, the new business will nevor siok.American manufacturers can notbuild up permanent trade, at home orabroad, except on honest goods. Ifinferior material has to be used tocompete with rivals, the buyer shoulc1be told the fact. He is sure to findit out. If he buys with his eyes open,there is no come-back,vorv different standards prevail indifferent manufacturing communities., thic in!lffr m omo fnotoriP thtradition of strictly first-class material is handed on from the boss to thomen, from father to son. There is a"INTOLERANCE" AT LEXINGTON"Intolerance." the lates masterniprn of D. V. Griffith, cieator o"The Birth of a Nation." is cominu:to the Lexington Opera House for onejweek, beginning next Monday nightJ February 26. Matinees will be givenj daily, beginning Tuesday. It wouldI be difficult to make a theatrical announcement that could cause moresatisfaction than this, for this raighryj spectacle, riejht at the present Unw,.Is duplicating the phenomenal successof "The Birth of a Nation" in mniivof the largest cities of America."Intolerance" has been before the'public only six months, yet it has UI its credit a run of five months in NewJYork City. In both Chicago and'Philadelphia it is now in its thirdmonth and turning people away fromthe theatres at every performance.lLo"g s;m established in otherbig cities, for instance, ten weeks ini Pittsburg. It is the Pittsburg Com-pany, the engagement having closed'last Week, that is coming direct UI Lexington next Monday nighL and peojple in this vicinity will have the opportunity f seeing "Intolerance' exactly as exhibited in the largestcities.i There will be a symphony orchestra of thirty musicians and a trainedchorus of singers. The spectacle, asnearly every one has read, cost $2 -000.000to produce, employed over125,000 people and took three yearsto complete. One scene alone costninre than bhe entire "Birth of a Na-, tion."; In the cast are such celebrities asMae Marsh, Mariam Cooper, SeenaOwen, Constance Talmadge, BessieLove, Lillian Gish, Margery Wilsin,Robert Herron. Tuny .Marsnaii, r.imtv Pliftnn and Alfred Paeet.. . ,..;ii Ur enm 0 nontc in S1 Oi h; i i ill uc ii win 1 w-... w tat niirhts and 25 cents to $1 for thematinees. The advanro s-ile startsthis morning at the Ben Ali TheatreMail orders, if acconinnied by Remittance and self-add-essed chvelopcwill receive immediate attention.(23-2t)A child rarely goes through thewhole winter without a cold, and everymother should have a reliable remedyhandy. Fever, sore uiroat, ugui cubcland croupy coughs are sure symptoms.A dose of Dr. Bell's Pine Tar Honeywill loosen the phlegm, relieve thepngested lungs and stop the cougb.Ite antiseptic pine balsatas heal andsoothe. For croup, wliooping couglijmd chronic bronchial troubles try Dr.Bell's Pine Tar Honey. At all Druggists, 25c.(Feb-adv)MILITARY THRIFT.Near Paris a huge factory has beenestablished to make over British uniforms. A special squad is detailed tovisit the scenes of every battle andprocure the uniforms of the killed andwounded, where they are sorted, mended, disinfected and released. Thosethat are beyond the state of repair aresold as junk to the rag-dealers. Be7.1. 4Vi!n nf nKUelimonf Hiora ic nlen ofclUCw Llll C3UIUIIBU11CUI, Ullwlw 10 "'iu .1boot factory, employing twenty menand 170 women who do nothing but repair boots sent in from the trenches.Over 2,000 boots are repaired everyday. at a cost averaging three penceper boot.In the front of a large Londonbuilding there was recently found apigeon's nest made ot hairpins.HEALTH AND WELFARE LEAGUE HEAD AND NOSTRILSCELEBRATES ANNIVERSARY, STUFFEu WITH COLDThe third anniversary of the organi- "Papc's Cold Compound" Ends a Coldzation of the Bourbon County 'Health ' or Grippe in a Few Hours,and Welfare League as fittingly eel- wilPbTelk and all grippeebrated at the . M. C A. building in u end after taking a dose otthis city last Monday, by tihe observ- ..pape.s Cold Compound" every twoance of a special program that had hours untn tihree doses are taken,been carefully prepared by those in it promptly opens clogged-up noscharge of that feature of the celebra- trils and air passages in the head,tion. stops nasty discharge or nose running,The meeting was presided over by relieves sick headache, dullness, feverMrs. Harry B. Clay, first vice-president ishness. sore throat, sneezing, sorenewof the League. A brief business .. .fjgj" stopped up! Quit blowsion was held, at which plans for the and snufflillg! Ease Vour throb-coming spring and summer work were fc. head nothing else in the worlddiscussed and other matters disposed gjves such prompt relief as "Pape'uof. Mrs. Denis Dundon, who represent- cold Compound," which costs only 23ed thf League at the recent session of cents at any drug store. It acts withthe Federation of Clubs, held at Emi- out assistance, tastes nice, and causesnence, v,as present, and gave an inter- no inconvenience. Accept no substiesting report of the proceedings of the tutc- 'meetings also reading the report oftho League, which she presented atthe Federation meeting. THE MARCH WOMAN'SDr. W. L. Heiser, of Frankfort, Sec- HOME COMPANION,retary of tine State Tuberculosis Com-mission, was present as an invited In the March Woman s Home Comguest. Dr. Heiser delivered an in- panion Mary Heaton Yorse has a lovestructive and interesting address to story entitled "The Great God, an m-the members of the League on the sub- teresting indictment of the lives oiject of the work being done through- many American women of the weami-out the State by the organization with ier class. There are many other goodwhich he is connected. He gave the stories and a large number ot exceLeague a great deal of valuable infor- lent articles and special feilsmation along the lines of fighting and "Out of the Shadow of Debt bj anpreventing the "Great White Plague," anonymous writer, gives the dramaticand was listened to with tin closest personal experience ot a young : coupiLattention in meeting their obligations and showsMrs. 'Harriet Minaker, Visiting how tieht itself is nothing more than aNurse for the League, submitted her ad habit which may be broken, inreport for the year ending February "Scenario Writing Jasper Em,1 1917 as follows- Brady explains the requirements forI 'Received for nursing service to Met-' a successful moving Picture j author,... r... t . miri hmv to attain them. "The Deli$460 00 """icate Child," by Roger H. Dennett,Received for care of Private cases M. D.. is a sensible helpful article on$1250 how to make a child well and keepFunds of Health and Welfare League it so. "My Memories," by Louise, - e.nrcm WmiifT is an interesting autobiograpn-u.xiJtJimuu uy iiuiat;, qivo.ov.Funds of Bourbon county expendedby nurse, $216.00.'n . , litPrivate donations expended by nurse,fr9500u" ii , ,T , ,.Visits made by nurse to Metropol'-,. i , i cni . iitan policy holders, 891; visits made bnurse to patients (not policy holders)rt- ,.. .. i i60o; isits made tor business pur-i- mo m iposes, investigations, etc., 94J. Total,!, in..i .. i , -. .iI Schools visited by nurse, 10; schoolchildren examined by nurse, 540;School Health League organized atLittle Rock, January 31, 1017; tubercular patients (new in 1016) receivingcare of nurse. 16; tubercular patients(old) reciving care of nurse, 28.Total, 44' Deaths from tuberculosis in 1016(white patients), 5; negro patients7. Total, 12.Births Visiting Nurse in attendance, 2o, SIWB. imeiiucu iw ..v.. wwManv other items of interest in the'. .nii n snldip.rs. has been patentedWelfare work were included in Mrs.Minaker's report, abong them being"The Penny Lunch," which was estab -lished at her office on January 10, andwhioh was made possible by the gen-erositv of afriend, who contributed lib -erally to the fund for the sake of thechildren, and who was one of the larg-est contributors to the Children's"White Christmas." Through MrsMinaker the League is uoing a nouieand charitable vork in Paris and th?, county, and is receiving the hearty co' operation of th city and county pliysicians, the officials of the city andcounty, the Paris business men, andtihe congregations of all the churches, iboth white and black. jMr. J. J. TucKer, representing uieMetropolitan Life Insurance Co., was' ; ' ; wimlsor Hotel.present, and expressed his sincere ap j We mive au maues of pianos andpreciation both personally, and as a piayer-pianos. Sheet music of the lat4 representative of the Company, of the cst'publication received every week,'good work being done by the League I One player-piano bargain for this,and promised the further good will week. ... Ttdtp ctoppand earnest co-operation of the Com i(feb20-2t) BROWN'S MUSIC STORE.pany in the future work of the League. iAt the conclusion of the businessmeeting and the program, a socialhour was held, during which refresh -ments were served, the guestsFORGER ARRESTED HEREDID WHOLESALE BUSINESSWilliam Abney, the eighteen-year-oMWinchester boy, who was arrested hereSimilnv ninrnln? on n warrant fromthe Winchester authorities, charginghim with forgery, was tried Mondayafternoon before .fudge R. S. Scobee,and held to await the action of thegrand jury at the next session of theClark Circuit Court.When arrested here Abney had in,his (possession, ?37.75 in cash, which,it now develops, represented the proceeds 'of other forgeries besides the !Reeves check, which caused his arrest. Up to date six checks for different amounts, alleged to have beenforged by Abney, and cashed by Winchested merchants, have turned up.At Uie trial Monday, Abney pleadedguilty as charged."THE HIGH COST OF MUD."That's it exactly. Mud comes high.A muddy road costs lots more than ahard, dry road. The United States Department of Agriculture has been carrying on some investigations for fiveyears in selected counties in Virginia.New York, Alabama, Florida andMississippi, and finds that good roadshave increased land values from 25 to194 per cent a.nd reduced haulingcosts to less than one-half what thevwere with bad roads.In a word, it is cheaper to buiidgood oads than to drive through thimud. Also and moreover, it is plear.anter and moro conductive to happyhomes and friendly feelings.-In Germany there has been invented a fireproof celluloid, chieflly for usein automobile windows and windshields.. ...Uncoical sketch by the great singer hosesi succss waS ? in " voil Slates There are also articles o.vcu aiaies. iw .,,Laura Spencer Porter, C. H. Claudy,the automobile expert, Lilian Brews-Ult- ,l ' v -, p1lolftHuter Adeline T. Thomson and Charlotteiei llt:ilucF Boldtmaiin.The short stories include The Mes-. , V; .. Cnant T ou..v Thpsatre bv Emily Sargent Levws, ines,lte- , ; , . T,orr ,, prv-Charmer," by Sophie Kerr, and tr-Ilabv " by Mabel Dill. Sinclair Lewisu'lu- , .Tllo irmnrpnts "completes his nDvel. "The Innocents."Fashions are discussed by GracManraret Gould, who gives many new;o cm- cnHmr costumes. The uMCookIngt "HandicraftfQr youngcr readers.: lle and entertain! ng, and theare aluable and entertaining, and thepicture section, both in color and AlecGravure, completes a deciueaiy goounumber.A bavonet to be attached to a man'si.l :.". !,-, em- liimtprs of bic eani'3by a New York Inventor.j "J , RniAJarriLOSl IVCWarU.1 ,g JS3dI Fri(lay Feb. 16, uI o.Vear-oM steer, weight about 000 toJ 000 poa,is. Suitable reward for in-j formation leading to recoverWA. THOMASON,Paris, Ky(20-2t)Removal Notice.Our store has been moveu to uiu. ..'--- . k..!i,i;, ; tho roomMJ Ta ihci Mjlhhf!. ) I y lU lllW a URlIWjI will pay this season the nighestprices that have ever been known InParis for horse hides, beef hides,heep pelts and furs.I will also pay the highest marketprice for Rags and Paper. I will sendnfter it any place in the city. Callj by Cumberland phone 374d nhone 374. Ollice onttiVlifh Street.(20-oct-lyr) MAX MUNICH,OFStock and Farm andRoad Machinery.I will offer at public sale at Ynyplace on the ML Sterling pike, onehalf mile from North Middletown, onWednesday, Feb. 28, 1917,at 10 o'clock a. m., the followiug described property:1 rock dent;1 crusher;I elevator;1 kerosene engine (Int. Harvester) ;2 camp houses;2 dump carts;Quarry tools;1 team, wagon and harness;Block and tackle and 200 ft. rope;1 steel road plow;Other articles too numerous to mention. TERMS Made known on day ofSell 6ABE CARMINE.TOM WELLS, Auctioneer.febl6-4t)Public Sale'Hl4''I'fr:iH,4"H4',HSole AgencySTACY - ADAMSSHOES$7-o and $7-50Take Advantage 01 These Pricesand Save Money.HARRYI'.,'M"I"I"I"I"1 Civin Bros. Department StoreSeventh and main St$.TobaccoGrades at LowestPrices.1 Twin Bros,$20.35 Washington and Returnc&oMarch 1, 2, 3, 4, Return March 10Account Inauguration President WilsonLiberal Stop-Overs are Permitted.For further information apply to your nearest Ticket Agent oraddress W. M. YENT, District Passenger Agent, Phoenix HotelBlock, Lexington, Ky. (23-3)Notice to Water Consumers.Water accounts are rendered forquarter from January to April 1, andmust be paid at the office of the ParisWater Cofnpany in fifteen days, or water will be shut off. Parties desiringto do so can (pay as formerly, sixmonths. Rebates due anyone will becredited on these bills.(12-tf) PARIS WATER CO.Tobacco Land Wanted.I desire to rent on the shares fromtwelve to fifteen acres or good land.suitable for raising a crop of tobacco,ean give the very best of referencesfrom men on whose places I haveraised banner crops. In 1915 I raiseda crop on the Stanhope Wiedemannplace that brought from 16c to 3S"per pound, one of the best sales atthe Bourbon Tobacco warenousu. -nmat present located on tne i. iKriegel place, near Paris. Address,b J.P.WALTON,(13-4t) Route 7, Paris, Ky.LINVILLEParis, KentutfyCottonDep't StoreFOR RENT.Three unfurnished rooms at No. 73Walker avenue. Hot and cold waterand other conveniences. Call HomePhone 339. (jan30-t)WANTED!You to get our Free Catalogof Fruit and Shade Trees, GrapeVines, Shrubs, Roses, Rhubarb,Asparagus, Strawberries, SeedPotatoes, Dahlias, Etc.Everything for the Orchard,"wn ana taaraen.No agents.H. F.Hillenmeyer &Sons1841 LEXINGTON KV1917(feb 16-lm)J '' vw"--J"NFJU&AY, FEBRUARY 23, 1917.THE BOURBON NEWS, PARIS, KY.o.PAGETHWWiIIT"4t-GRANDMA JOINSCHILDREN'S PLAYSJie Used to Be Gross BeforeTaniac Cheered Her Up.ONE EFFECT OF THE GERi MAN SUBMARINE SCARE.Germany's unrestricted submarinewarfare will soon have a favorableeffect on the pocketbooks of housewives, according to food investigatorsacting for Joseph Hartigan, CommisSOCIAL AND PERSONAL.Comings and Goings of OurPeople Here, There andElsewhere.WAR AMD. WOOL.The all controlling influence of warcontinues. Tdie inevitable, of course.( happened. The attempt to subtractthree from two in the wool supply ofMr. John Wilder is very ill at his tne world has brought its answer innome on High street. minus one.CAN WALK UP STAIRS NOWsioner of Weights and Measures, in --Mrs. Henry L. Terrill is a guest of The wool clip of 1916 sold for 60New ork City , relatives in Cincinnati. to 65 cents per scoured pound, butThere are indications that consign- Mr. and Mrs. Harry Simon are in. the fleece on the sheep now runningors and consignees of perishable Chicago, on a business trip. around in the snow of our woolfood freight on piers, in boats, in yards ' frM " i!?"Jia.s tuf growing States has been sold to deal-Ltd1 r unde; r.?F nextYork markePtla sTo S "o Ss a recu llZ fmST Wnot only because of the perishable na- Mrs. Logan Howard was a guest I The United States uses 6,000,000,000ture of the products but because of this week of her mother. Mrs. aker, pounds of wool per annum. The clipffec $kk"My daughters and grandchildrenthink I'm a different woman. I am.I even get down on the floor and rompwith the little ones. A short timeago I was so cross I wasn't companyfor anyone."This is the tribute that Mrs. H. EHill, 3551 West 63rd St., Clevelandpaid to Taniac."There was a time when I couldn'twalk up to the corner store withoutfear I wouldn't be able to get backthe demurrage, insurance and otherhigh charges they are incurring."CONSIDER YOUR EYES.1 nm.?--JEye strain ranks among the moscommon of ailments, and the causesimproper light, poor ventilationoverwork, carelessness are knownto all. Judging from the number ofpeople who read in the street cars,wiho, with a frienzied interest in thoplot, sit all huddled up and straintheir eyes through twilight, who neverthink of giving their eyesight a holiday, the causes of eye strain seemto be generally disregarded. And notuntil they ihave succeeded in producing bleary, watery, inflamed, bloodshot, or squint eyes, do the offendersagainst their own vision waken upso to speak.LINGERING COUGHS DANGEROUSMRS. H. E. HILL.alone, " she said. "But that time haspassed thanks to Taniac. I was rundown for years and couldn't do myhousework. I had to leave most ofthe work to my two daughters. Lastwinter was the worst and I was toldthat unless I got better I would nothave long to live.Lived In Damp Quarters."Our house, too, might have mademy condition worse. For it was onlow ground and was a trifle damp.That made me worse. Before takingTaniac I couldn't walk up and downthe stairs. I had to sleep downstairs.I can get up without any help now."My back used to hurt me so badthat I couldn't stoop over. Now Ican get down and mop the floors.Was AlPRun Down."My stomach gave me no end oftrouble. No matter what I ate, gasformed and I had a heavy, bloatedfeeling, I was nervous, and ven thenoise made by my two little grandckildren in their play annoyed me."I surely am thankful for whatTaniac has done for me. And I fe10 happy over it that I have alreadvtold several friends about the result?it brings."Get Taniac todav if you are notfeeling right. Delay in health matters is dangerous.Taniac, the master medicine andreconstructive tonic, is sold exclusively in PARIS by Varden Son.Other exclusive agents in nearbytowns are as follows:HUTCHISON Snell & Wood; MILLERSBURG, W. G. Wadell; ELIZABETH, Oscar Smith; CARLISLE,Tureman. & Son; GEORGETOWN, C.H. Arnold; WINCHESTER, Duty DrugCompany; AUSTERLITZ, B. S. Parrisfc. (adv)Get rid of that hacking cough thatkeeps you awake at night and drainsyour vitality and energy. Dr. King'sNew Discovery is a pleasant balsariremedy, antiseptic, laxative andproonptly effective. It sooths the irritated membrane and kills the coldgerms; your cough is soon relieved.Delay is dangerous get Dr. King'3New Discovery at once. For nearlyfifty years it has been the favoriteremedy for grippe, croup, coughs andl colds. Get a bottle to-day at yourDruggist, 2Hc.j (Feb-adv)ewra. of the United States has decreasedMiss Agnes Turner has returned in five years from 325,000,000 toWhaesVter PIm,e11, in.28'000. Pounds. The clips of Aus--Mrs. Hugh Holland and sons have ! "a' senUne and New Zealandreturned from a visit to relatives in!have decreased tne clip of all theWinchester. countries at war has almost disap-Mrs. Wm. M. Holt, of Paris, was a Peared; twenty million men at warguest of friends and relatives in Win-1 use five to ten times as much asChester this week. j usual, and can't exist without it. AndMrs. Catherine Davis Craig and .there is no substitute,son are at home, after a visit to rela- if the war continues even for onetlVeVr" ,?nvrnw v q, , 'more year' if wiU not be a uestion fretted Tromvi o SS ri ." at a ?relatives in Butler and Covington. mwe )s ahvays the Possibility of thisMiss Emma Hunt has returned to'. country beinS forced to actual preher home in Frankfort, after a visit Paredness, which would Necessitateto Mrs. Denis Dundon, in this city, i taking for the army such wool as isMiss Mary Ellis, daughter of Rev. now in the mills for their generalana Mrs. W. E. Ellis, has returned trade,trom a visit to friends in Cynthiana. I England has an embargo on woolMiss Frances Hancock has as rrntn hnmp nmi nil i.o.- .ninniBe wffo WorkMany Women in this Condition Regain Health by Taking Lydia E.Pinkham's Vegetable Compound.guest at her home on Main streefGordon Quaintance, ofare dependent on South America fomore than half our supply, and mus.bid against the necessities of war forMiss LucyMaysville.Mrs. Harry S. Hill and Mr. Lawrence Hill, of Paris, are registered at.every Pund we get.the Southland Hotel, in St. Peters-' So long as t,he war continues, clothburg. Florida. ,ing must climb in price by leaps andMr. L. D. lhyris, of the real estate bounds, and what seems outrageouslyfirm of Harris & Speakes, has return- high this season, appears a lost oped from a visit to his daughter, Mrs. portunity next season.VV. O. UUIC, 111 U 1I1KLUI1. rni, .... ..i.. .,11..i i i i - iiiiiiaiii ii-.i i ill :i iiu '.ir wuv-Mr. and Mrs. James W. FergusonSuppose the war should end? We knevNEW $1 BILL PASSES AS $5..have rnfiirnpfl tn tlipir Tmmp in ATpii--. w.w.. ...... w ... ....w.. . tv,r.f ...1 ,.,.-: ,.l -.! i.telle Park, Lexington, after a visit to " ",lKSl' -"u "". " " 8'relatives in Paris and Bourbon county ;that lt ma 1)e soon. but whenever itCounty Judge Charles A. McMil- ends the following facts must prevailIan atended the sessions of the Lay 1st. The world will have no remen's Association held in Lexington, serve supply of wool.Teuseday, Wednesday and yesterday.! 2nd. All the world (except possi-Mio. Samuel Mackey and daugh-oly Wie united States) will have bareter, Miss Agnes Mackey, and Miss Vmmtnrcsue joruan, ot i-'aris, nave remrne-:from a visit to relatives and friendsNumerous complaints have been received by the police in larger citiestihat swindlers are passing a newly.issued one-dollar bill United Statesnote as a five-dollar bill. The nevbill, which is a radical departure fromthe old, resembles a five-dollar bill,and when folded in a particular wayis extremely difficult to distinguishfrom ?5. Warning has been issued.FOR A BILIOUS ATTACK1 When you have a severe headache.J accompanied by a coated tongue,'loathing of food, constipation, torpidliver, vomiting of partly digested foodand then bile, you may know thatyou have a severe bilious attack.While you may be quite sick there Ismuch consolation in knowing that rc-lipf Tnriv be had bv takine three of'Chamberlain's Tablets. They are I a lo"e time been connected with the3rd. The countries now at war willbegin their renaissance.4th. A large part of twenty millionmen must discard their tattered, ve--for civilians'in Covington.Prof. Robert T. Hinton has T2turned to his duties at GeorgetowiCollege, after a visit to his brother, min infested uniformsMr. C. O. Hinton, and sister, Miss. clothes.Bertha Hinton, in Paris. 5th. England, France, Germany.Mrs. Sallie Bashford, who has Australia and Belgium will leap abeen a patient at the Massie Memo- onnt, i,.o i,mnt, i ., 0f0frial Hospital for some time, has recovered sufficiently to be moved to herhome on Pleasant street.Mr. and Mrs. Thomas Arkle. ofLexington, and Mr. and Mrs. AlbertArkle, of Newport, attended the funercommercial war of history to recoverthe markets of the world and the goldthat has been drained from them.Cth. The demand for raw wool anJcotton will be insatiable, because itConvincing Proof of This FactRidgway, Penn. "I suffered from femaletrouble with backache and pain in my side for overseven months so I could not do any of my work. Iwas treated by three different doctors and wagetting discouraged when my sister-in-law told mahow Lydia E. Pinkham's Vegetable Compound haihelped her. I decided to try it, and it restored myhealth, so I now do all of my housework which isnot light as I have a little boy three years old.Mrs. O. M. IiiiLN'Es, Uidgway, Penn.Mrs. Lindscy Now Keeps Ilouse For Seven.Tennille, Ga. "I want to tell ou how much Hiave been benefitedby Lydia E. Pinkham's Vegetable Compound. About eight years ago Igot in such a low state of health I was unable to keep house for three i.the family. I had dull, tired, dizzy feelings, cold feet and hands nearlyall the time and could scarcely sleep at all. The doctor said I had asevere case of ulceration and without an operation I would alwaysbe an invalid, but I told him I wanted to wait awhile. Our druggistadvised my husband to get Lydia E. Pinkhani's Vegetable Compoundand it has entirely cured me. Now I keep house for seven and workin the garden some, too. I am so thankful I got this medicine. I feetas though it saved my life and have recommended it to others anithey have been benefited". Mrs. "W. E. Lindsey, R. R. 3, Tennille, GaIf you want special advice write to Lydia E. Pinkham Medicine Co. (confidential) Lynn, Mass. Your letter will Ie openedread and answered by a woman and held in strict confidence.al and burial of Mr. Biallie Arkle, ir j takes nearly as much raw stock tothis city Monday afternoon.Mrs. Thompson Tarr (has as herguest Miss Edith Atkinson, Superintendent of the Vail Hospital, in Cincinnati. Miss Atkinson, who is conva-start i'p a mill as it normally buysin six months.7th. After an armistice is agreedupon, it will take surely two monthsjto appoint the Peace Commissionerslescing from a serious illness, is spend- ,trom all the countries at war and getHlg I1UI VUUUUU11 lltJlU.Mr. Howard B. Carr, who has forthem to a central meeting place. After tliev meet, six months would bea short time in which to agree upor 'nrnmn htw! pfiWhifil Obtainable i Paris Racket Store in this city, has'., . ." .. . . . . .. . . .everywhere GlIeCtUaL "'gone to Jellico, Term., where he lmsitlie f"18 evolved in he boundanesc erj wn.re. ,... i tniron .nn;tso ?n fhP Piprii .lpnnrf. of all the countries at war, to sav(Feb-adv).I Mechanism in a German lighthousetjhat uses eledtric lights automatically(switches on a new lamp and moves irinto focus should the original lamp beextinguished.HOW'S THIS?j We offer One Hundred Dollars Reward for any case of catarrh that can-not be cured by Hall's Catarrh Cure.-n t nuTnvnnv p. nr Tnirwln nWe, the undersigned, have known F..1. uneney lor uio iu , "Mpulp districts of Canada," said Frank'SSl!tSSSSSL S5SSSvm ll Moore, of Watertowi, N. Y., vice-taken a position in the. clerical department of the Combs Supply Co. MrsCarr will remain in Paris a snort timeand join her husband later.(Other Personals on Page 5)NOIMMEDIATE PROSPECTFOR CHEAPER PAPER.There is no immediate prospect o2cheaper paper, according to reporUmade to the National Paper TradeAssociation and the American Pulp andPaper Association, which held annualconventions in New York last week.'The snow is hampering cutting in thenothing of indemnities and guarantees of future peace.8th. No man can return to the factory until everything is definitelysettled, but every factory owner willseek raw materials at any price.Our deductions from the foregoingtare:1st. That no matter how high wooland cotton sell during the war, theywill sell much higher during the yearfollowing an armistice.2nd. That it will be more than sixmonths after fighting ceases beforequantities of cloth could be landedbusiness transactions and finally ableto carry out any obligations made byhis firm.NATIONAL BANK OF COMMERCE,Toledo, O.(Feb-adv)POV jgj'l.y-w.. .! ywH ii iiiTlWtfiWilitf nMtthritmm rrfoifpresident of the Pulp and Paper Association. "Where wood is cut there annot enough cars to haul it out, andand there is a great shortage of motive power on Canadian railroads.Everything that enters into paper hasgone up."FROM TREE TO PRESSIN ONLY 145 MINUTES.Bridging the distance 'twixtyou and "anywhere.A trial has been made in Austriato decide in how short a space oftime living trees can be convertedinto newspapers. At Eisenthal recently at 7:35 in the morning threetrees were cut down; at 9:34 thewood, having been stripped of bark,cut up and converted into pulp, became paper and passed from the factory to the press, whence the firstprinted and folded copy was issuedat 10 o'clock. So that in 145 minutesthe trees had become newspapers.here, and, consequently, at least ayear before clothing from same couldreach the consumer.3rd. That this gives the merchantat ieast a full year after an armisticeis reached in which to liquidate, during which time wool and cotton wi'lsell at the highest prices ever known,and provide a situation in which stockscan be liquidated at a profit.Based upon the logic of the foregoing, we unhesitatingly advise retailersto buy their full requirements for thecoming season.While the foregoing is the logicaldeduction, we wish to emphasize thofact that we are directly affected bvtihe war, and no one can forsee withany certainty the result of a continual use of seventy-five million dollarsa day spent in destroying lives andcountless other millions of property,and there is always the danger, nomatter how remote it may seem, thatsome act of a desperate combatantmay force this country into the war almost over night. Every merchantshould husband his profits from pre.sent exceptional business conditionsand place (himself in the strongestpossible financial "position instead o?diverting profits into expanding hisfixed charges or for outside speculation.The war is such a predominating influence in clothing values, and the recent peace talk has so concentratedeveryone's attention on the possibleeffects of peace that we have devotedthis report exclusively to the subject,but this country is literally- "incoxicated with prosperity" and the w.wejmerchant is one who recognizes thatcomparison of prices with those of,th.past it a waste of time and that theTastute American people appreciateconditions, want good, well-madeclothing and are willing aud able twpay a fair price for what they waat.WASHINGTON WOOLEN MILLS C'Fredericksburg, Va.THE BEST RECOMMENDATION.The strongest recqmmendation aitarticle may receive is a favorableword from the user. It is the recoamendations of those who have used itthat makes Chamberlain's Cough Remedy so popular. Mrs. Amanda Gierhart, Waynesfield, Ohio, write3,"Chamberlain's Cough Remedy hasbeen used in my family off and on fortwenty years and it has never failedto cure a cough or cold." Obtainableeverywhere.(Feb-adv)-I5 hSism 3ipjztf u 'sW"nA :yrirftSJLjs'S --i?WIIThe Bell Telephone, with its 16,000,000 miles ofwire, brings miilions of people within earshot ofyour voice.Many thousand of them, living within fifty or ahundred miles, can be reached for a small toll charge.Are you making use of this vast bridge on yourfarm, in your home or in your business. There's aprofit of time, money or convenience for you in theBell Telephone if you will use it.Grasp the Opportunity!Call or write the manager to-day.CUMBERLAND TELEPHONE& TELEGRAPH COMPANYINCORPORATEDCONSTIPATION MAKES YOU DULLThat draggy, listless, oppressed feeling generally results from constipation. The intestines are clogged and.the blood becomes poisoned. Relievejthis condition at once with Dr. King.';New Life Pills; this gentle, non-grip-jinglaxative is quickly effective. Adose at bedtime will make you feelbrighter in the morning. Get a bot-tie to-day at your Druggist, 25c. .SUBSCRIBERS WOULD PAYIF MAIL RATES ARE RAISEDProposed increase of mail rates onuewsnaners and other second clas'mail was assailed in the Senate bri Senator Hitchcock when debate was resumed on Senator Bryan's motion toplace the rate increase in the postalbill, lie denounced the plan as legislation against newspaper subscribers,not publishers, who, he predicted.ouhl increase subscription rates."I,t y'X&iV. f- y -)Y&,sr&4k- -7!3iVs V v,, s -7..CAiflBfbK.tI?JVfe -. -- ' W-ti -jHHLa.rc.svr'v.a-" '.: - TV5:; i'rxm-mdt&BQ&X -rim'I!'e LookingBetter ', John-( -wr 9. 0111and I believe Postural is largely responsible for your sound sleep andimproved appearance."SOMETHING GOOD.Those who hate nasty medicine(Should try Chamborlian's Tablets for'constipation. They are pleasant totake and their effect is so agreeableand so natural that you will not realiKe that it has been .produced by amedicine. Obtainable everywhere.(Feb-adv)in place of coffee, relieves nerves from the harmful effects of caffeineEven a short 10-day trial often works a wonderful change in a person."There's a Reason"av BOX 122, FRANKFORT. IOT-IJLfc FOURMfr Bourbon news, paris, ky.FRIDAY FEBRUARY 25. 11?.-"PARIS BOWLING LEAGUEThe R. P. Walsh team captured ailthree games from the Fordham Hote1team in the game at the FordhamAlleys Tuesday night, by the safe"Siugm of 196 pins. The Fordham team"was taken completely by surprise, theboys of the Walsh team "floating themdown the alley" so fast and so strongthat they fairly overwhelmed thehotel bunch of ball tossers. DouglasJed the way for the victors by postingup a score of 206 in the tihird game,and also annexed second honors bybowling 194 in the second game,Kane made the high score, 178, forthe Fordham team, in the secondgame, while Determan followed for necessary change of address may be Landrum Payne, Eugene Elder, Stuartsecond place with only two points entered on our mailing list and sub- Wallingford, J. Thornton Connel, Elidifference, 176, in the first game. The scription list. This will be a double- Friedman, Wayne Cottingham, Clarvictorious Walsh team made an aver- edged favor. It will enable you to get ence Harney; Misses Elizabeth Sweeage of $13 2-3 in the three games of your paper without the loss of a single ney, Marie Collins, Mildred Collins,Tuesday night and the Fordham team issue, and it will enable usto keep Eliza Clay Mason and Mabel Robgot 748 1-3. our books straighL It will also be a bins.Those who saw the game say it was favor to the post office department, as Messrs. Adair and Thompson aroone of the best they have witnessed they will not be returning papers to prominent members of the Sigma Chiin the City League series, and wa-? us with notation on them: "Moved: Fraternity: Mr. Landen Templin isan exciting one from start to finishTtie score follows:FORDHAM HOTEL.1Jones 148Kane - 136Determan 176Swearengen 123Thomas 16114G17813314514214414016"Totals"44 744 757 1ttL P. WALSH.1HiIl 1511Bridgees 135Kenton 136Douglas 164Duncan 170149146159194150150173200181Totals . ..764 798 879t r iirirt. T-k,i. OHiFordham Totals 24Walsh Majority 196BUYS SUBURBAN HOME.Mr. Jen: Kiser, of near Shawhan, h-aapurchased the Charles Ashurst farm often acres, lying on he Clintonvillopike near Paris, and will move to it onMarch 1. The sale was made througnthe Paris Realty Co. The place is well-Improved.CANNUALfOFCityCollector and Treasurer, ofthe City of Paris, Ky.RESOURCES:Balance on hand January. 1916 $ 9f943 84Tax Receipts 61011 221915 Corporation Taxes 1978.801916 Corporation Taxes ... . 1709 10Back Taxes by Suits ' " ". 2867 94Licenses ;; 5;882'.40Rock Sold 1,606.15Fines from Police Court 274 95"Tax Penalties 99798oii sow I"."'.''" 65Y.00Miscellaneous 212.61Total IncomeCash Borrowed in Anticipation ofEXPENDITURES:Administrative Departmentyr $1,200.009!?rk 600.00Attorney .- 500 00Councilmen n qoTreasurer ".7.77.7.7 300.00sessor 400.00. InsPfctor 30000Health Officer 400 00?;eter '..'.'.'.'. lOo'.OOAdvertisements 3g5 ggTax Supervisors 94 50'Miscellaneous " ., 119 69Police "Department. .iu?pPolicemenJaijT s AccountMiscellaneousJTire "DepartmentRegular FiremenVolunteer FiremenFeed and CoalBlacksmith, AccountAutomobile, Electric, SuppliesMiscellaneousWater RentFire TruckStreet DepartmentSuperintendentStreet and Quarry HandsCoal and FeedBlacksmithins and MachinerySewer Pipe and HardwareXiumbcr' Miscellaneous SuppliesStreet lighting rr.a ruiPavements 777.7.7.7.7777 '77.7!!Tax JJrrors RefundedCharityJadgment for Baldwin BrosBonris and InterestPublks School :. .UhnryTotal ExpeditureBorrowed -Money RepaidCfcecks Issued and not Presented forBalance on Hand January 1, 1917 'mls. $96,371.29J. T. HINTON, Mayor?J. W. HAYDEN, City Clerk.'.MOVING TIME NEAR AT1 HAND FOR "TENANTS.As has been the custom for many"years the first week in March willlikely witness a large number of chang-es in location for tobacco anar farmtenants who rarely remain more thanone ear in any one place. They areas the shifting sands of the sea, rest-less and always on the move.THE NEWS numbers quite a lotof tln;se among its subscribers, and itis to them this notice is especiallydirected. When you move from onefarm to another, frequently changingthe number of your rural route, don'tfail to notify this office, so that theleft no address" or "not on this route."j This may seem to many an unim-poriani inaxter, out n is a. very liupui-Itant one to us. So, please help us ifj j'movhV day" comes toyou on March 1 Thornton Connell are members ot the152 uv sending us promptly your new ad- reportorial staff of The Kentucky Keri4 dress, so that the -paper may follow nel. the University publication, ofrePARIS BOY PROMOTEDMr. Newton H. Taylor. Jr., younger'son of Mr. and Mrs. Newton Taylor,o Sr., of near Paris, has been promoted!,V to the position of highest officer in theranks or tne caueis at tne nowe ivin-itary School at Howe, Indiana, whereho has been a student for severalterms. There are 225 students in theHowe School. Mr. Taylor has beenappointed to the office of Captain,with 115 cadets in his charge. Tnenews of his Promotion win be receivedi witu great pleasure uy tins manv! friends in Paris and Bourbon county, jIi BUYS SHELBY FARM; Mr. Samuel Oldson, of near NorthMiddletown, purchased this week,through Mr. Ossian Edwards, of LiteParis Realty Co., a farm in Shelbycounty, containing 228 acres, for $20,-000. Mr. Oldson will move to the"farm in March.REPORTTHE86 371.29Taxes 10,000.00 - $96,371.2.$4,809.87? 600.004,140.00656 157.77.7. 47.31 $5,443.46$2,880 00.- 110 10'!.'.'. 184 937. .. " .' . 58 25'. 77 ..... 193.43309 90'777.7 77. 3,17500 ''3,100.00 $10,010.915 340 00,..5,07310..'.'.'." 1 -.'.".' 1,1290. 7 .7 .7 446 9577. 41250J 267.91777 42817 $8197 6"o acq ajo,Uby.443,5?H.1669.39177.14:, " o,',-ccqq--nvlii'lH455.081,748.01, 7q 747 . ?.'.'. '.".".".".V . lo'ooo.oi)Paymentih 1916$89,747.4?, 283.03K Us STUDENTS TO 0GANIZE BOURBON CLUBStudents from Paris and the varioii3county precincts of Bourbon county, 'who are attending the University ofKentucky at Lexington, are makingplans for the formation of a Bourbon Louisville & Nashville railroad, to3 o clock.Club, the membership to be composed Woods & Cain, of Paris, for the found-j Tne firgt part Qi tne meeting wjjj eqf only those students who are at-1 dation work on a handsome two-story devoted to a business session of thetending the University from this: brick and stone business house, which, union, after which the following pio-county. iwill Le erected on the lot on Main gm wm De rendered:At present sixteen young men andwomen from Bourbon county are reg-istered at the University in the vaii -ous courses. They are as follows:Messrs. Hiram Adair, Alvin Thompson,John T. Redmon, Landen Temphn.president of the Westinghouse Societyof the University; Mr. Landrum Paynewas a ciose secona in une race ror uiaihonor; Mr. Eugene Elder and Mr. J.uhtnh mk Trovn& rnf tin ffiioTn ic in mi.'aging editor; Mr. Eli Friedman ismaking an enviable reputation In his- chemistry studies; Miss Marie Collinsland Mr. Clarence Harney are member-;"The Strollers, the dramatic or-ganization of the University, and bothwill be in the cast for the performanceof "The Lion and The Mouse," whicn-" vimu. ub wi& Ab.Opera House this spring,The object of the Bourbon Club wilibe to promote through Universitychannels the friendships which havebeen formed there and which werebrought to the University from ,thepreparatory schools in Paris and Boui"" ij-PARIS MEN PURCHASE HORSESAT LEXINGTON SALE.The annual winter sale ot horses b .the Kentucky Sales Company was heldin Lexington this week. On the firstday ot the sales sixty-six head soldfor $14,245, an average of $216. Onthe second day seventy-nine head soldfor a total of $21,495, an average of,272. Among the Paris and Bourboncounty purchasers were the followingJ Chestunt gelding, (7) Rebel Baron;jWm. H. Whaley, Jr., $75; Morgan Arjtillery b g (2) Morgan Axworthy-Grecca by Artillery; R. P. Hopkinsj Paris, $110; Lady Drifton, br f (1)Morgan Axworthy Driftion by Arion;I John H. Marr, Paris, $160; Uncle Bingbe (2) The Northern Man TheLady May by May King; R. P. Hopkins, Paris, $85; Bay Filly (1) Petertho Great Town Lady by Wilton;Chas. Black, Paris; $450.At Wednesday's sales eighty-threehead sold tor $22,300, an average of$268. Among the purchasers fromParis and the county were the following: McMahan, br g (8) Silver Wings' Letta by Deputy ton; Maple LawnStock Farm, $150; Baldwin Boy, L c!(2) The Native Hannah Baldwin byBaron Star; Palmer Brown, Jacksonville. $50.I The saddle horse division of the saleswill begin to-day. A large number of'Bourbon county horsemen have beenattending the sales.OWEN CONSTRUCTION CO.SUES FIRST NAXIONAL' L. E. Owen, T. J. Daifey, Jr., andWm. P. Brannon, comprising the OwenConstruction Co., of Louisville, havefiled suit in the office of W. H. Webb,! Clerk of the Bourbon Circuit Court,against the First National Bank, ofI Paris, for the sura of $4,617.40, which. tihey claim as a balance due them onj the construction of the new five-story J'building of the bank recently completed. The original cost of the building,as set forth in the petition, was to bej $25,200, but changes in the plans 8d-ded an extra $2,433.05 to that amount.The plaintiffs claim they have receivedin all $23,015.65, leaving a balance of$4,617.40, for wihich they ask a mejchanics' lien and the sale of the building to satisfy same.BOURBON COUNTY FARMSELLS FOR $26,000.Last Saturday the real estate firmof Tracy & Stokely, of Winchester,sold for Messrs. Pauland VardenShipp, the latter of the Clintonvillevicinity, and James R. Taylor, ofClark comity their farm, located nearClinton' '!r ii. this county, to Messrs.R. S. and E. H. Darnaby, of Clinton-vipp.The farm, which is highly productive, contains 190 acres, and is one oftihe best tracts of land located in that ,section of Bourbon county. The pricepaid for the property was $160 periacre, 01 an aggregate in the neigh- jfborhood of $26,000. Messrs. Shipp &Taylor will dispose of their farmingimplements, crops, etc., at public sale,and will give possession of the farm inMarch.SHEEP KILLERS AT WORK.Thirteen breeding ewes, valued at$225, property of Mr. Thomas -Hen: jClay, Sr., were killed by dogs lab,week, and four other ewes were sobadly' crippled they had to be killed.Mr. Frank Bedford, who resides on ' wade & Co. sold a pair of mules tothe Clay farm heard the dogs among McClintock & Cay wood, of Paris, atthe sheep, and getting his shotgun, , $460. McClintock & Myers, of Millerskilled three of them. Tlie dogs after- burg bought a number of mules atward proved to belong to people living from $175 to- $250. R. H. Wills, ofin the neighborhood, who were una- Pajia, purchased several at .good prices,ware that they had become "sheep- The demand was strong and many ani-killers."CONTRACT CLOSED FOBHANDSOME BUSINESS HOUSEContracts were awarded Wednesdayafternoon by Mrs. Lucy Alexander A.nderson, wife of Mr. w. i. Anaerson,Superintendent of this division of thestreet adjoining tihe Pans brand uperaHouse.i The projected building will be of the'most up-to-date modern construction,and will be 36x100 feet in dimensions,'it will have heavy .plate glass showwindows, and will be thoroughly anamodernly equipped in every respectOne of the features of the buildingwill be an electric elevator, which willbe Installed in a convenient place forthe transportation of both freight andpassengers.Wnile all the details for the erectionof the building have not been fullyhvorkfd out, the general construction'will probably be under the supervisioni of Mr. John Arkle. The contractswin ue iet ior uie wuuic vin. oas this has been decided upon. Thebuilding will be rushed to completio.ias fast as the weather and other conditions will permit. When complete!if tviii ho npn.iinip.H hv the Farmers'i Supply Company, whose lease on their'present quarters in the Robneel BuiM-ing vill expire some time in April.This will be quite an addition to theinterests in that end of town, as business is gradually going in that direction, mid with a hustler like Mr. Harry jBaldwin at the ihead of the enterprise.it will be a concern that will be acredit to the city and will no doubtdo a lot toward the upbuilding of that ,end ci the townKNIGHTS OF PYTHIAS CELEBRATE FOUNDING OF ORDERTnere was a gala time and a larc;eattendance at the Castle Hall of thelocal lodge, Rathbone No. 12, Knightsof Pythias, in this city last night, when.the members galihered to celebrate thesixty-third anniversary of the foundmof the order by Justus Ratjibone, iiPennsylvania.All indications had pointed to one ofthe most enjoyable events in the nistory of the lodge and events last nightfully carried out the expectations ofthe promotors. A very interesting program had been prepared, which wascarried out to the very letter. Theprincipal addresses of the evening weremade by Past Grand Chancellor R. A.Young, of Winchester, and Sir KnightA. C. Byers, of Newport. Boihspeeches were along lines of interestto Pytliians. and were both instructiveami entertaining.At'fhe conclusion of the exercises asubstantial lunch was served theguehts and members of the order, by acor.ps of experienced waiters, under thepersonal direction of Brigadier-GeneralLouis Mussinon.The committee in charge of thehomecoming part of the program decided to offer two prizes, one a hat.for the member present on that occasion who had been absent the longesttrom the regular meetings of the lodge,and the second, a fine shirt, to themember who had attended the meetingof the lodge most regularly during thetime hp had been a member. We wentto press too early to learn the deois-,ion or tne committee.GOOD ORDINANCEPASSED BY CITY COUNC'l.The City Council passed . an ordinance last night requiring all junkdealers to keep records of junk purchased and to keep said record openfor inspection of the city officials.This ordinance was suggested to theCouncil several weeks ago by Til 3BOURBON NEWS. There has beenconsiderable complaint from citizensabout petty tthievery and invariably thestolen property has been traced to thejunk dealers, and in some instances ithas been recovered. The police claimwith the aid of the ordinance that wa3passed last night that it will be a greathelp to suppress this class of theft.THE J. W. CASE SALE.Auctioneer M. F. Kenney reports theJ. W. Case sale, near Hutchison,as follows: One pair three-year-oldmules, $305; one 2-year-old mule, $98;mule colts, $45 iper head; one horse,. $41; one cow, $100; heifer calf, $37.50;j yearling Jersey steers $33 per head;chickens, sixty-five cents each;sihoulder meat, eighteen cents per1 pounds, middlings, twenty-five centsper-pound; corn, ?5.25 per barrel; hay.?17 per ton; farming implements andhousehold effects sold well; attendancegood,STOCK. P.ROR ETC..., . 7 ,j At the sale 'of tock, crop, etc., ofMr. Jcjhn Gray, held near Winchester,(Tuesday, corn sold at $6.25 per barrel,the highest price ever known for thatarticle in Clark county.I At Mt. Sterling Court day, Green-raals changed owners durig the day.CITY UNION OF YOUNGPEOPLES' SOCIETIES.The first quartery union of the CityUnion of Young Peoples' Societies forme year 1017 will be held at theChristian church Sunday afternoon atHymn No. 512,tive Land.'God Bless Our Na-Business Session.Hymn No. 512, "America."Devotional Exercises Led by MissSara Power.Duet "Somebody Knows," Mrs. JasGrinned and Mrs. S. T. Chipley.Talk "Evolution of the AmericanFlag," Mr. Robert Rose.Talk "A Call to Arms," Mr. Colliver Dawes.Solo "Plains of Peace," Mr. HarryKerslake.Talk "Loyalty," Mr. J. T. Tucker.Closing Hymn No. 312, "Blessed Bethe Tie That Binds."Time of program limited to one hour.An Ordinance !CITY HALL, PARIS, KY.,February 22, 1917.AN ORDINANCE REQUIRING JUNK. nT,ATQ . Jr"JiDEALERS TO KEEP RECORDS OFJUNK PURCHASED, THE NAMJ3AND PLACE OF RESIDENCE OFTHE SELLER AND THE TIMEPURCHASED, AND TO KEEP SAIDRECORD OPEN -FOR THE INSPECTION OF THE CITY OFFICIALS.BE IT ORDAINED BY THE MAYORAND BOARD OF COUNCIL OF THECITY OF PARIS: That from and after publicantion of this ordinance ailjunk dealers in the City of Paris arehereby required to keep a rceord showing tihe kind of goods purchased, theamount, the name and place of business of the seller and the date ofpurchase, and said iecord shall bekept open for inspection ot the cityofficials at any or all reasonabletimes.If any junk dealer shall purchasewithin the city of Paris junk of anvcharacter or kind without enteringupon said record tilie name and placof residence of the beller, the amountand kind of junk and the date of purchase, or shall make a false entry onsaid record as to the name or residence or the amount or kind of junkpurchased or the date of purchase,such person or persons shall be finednot less than $10.00 nor more than$100.00 for each offense.JNO. T. HINTON, Mayor.HAYDEN. Clerk.Attest:J. W'M-'I"M'.M..!i...n.lil.,YY,g,.i..t.,1i4i,Itlltl ; ,i,,i, I 1 t C 1 I 1 I I 1 I 1 jiadc by Thes-aM.'iS5f?Sll r-Ci---5--i:TRY THE NSSk jUr"!VULCAN mJlL sss?6S--jv SfcHutfCTsf. r- 4. --Tq'!":wg!?c7;if'-; s253tj"c.Well Finished, Strong Durable, Light Draft.Rib Strengthened Mold, Full Chilled Shinpiece, InterlockedPoint. Land and Standard. Point ha Far. ChlU Vi;AVJ"LIU f O . 1 . T-vwui, tiuui; uuuui V.11UX. raienien tyrpnsjnn nnn ihill I n Al L:il 1QASTRONGEST and MOST DURABLE Chilled Point made.When buying a Plow, consider Quality First, Price SecondFOR SALE BYS. Ball Garage.Gor. Fourth and Pleasant St..Agents Buick AutomobilesGoodyear TiresOur Vulcanizing Departmentis equipped with steam vulcanizer and run by an expert.Steam Heated GarageOPEN DAY AND NIGHTJ4HHII I milllHHMflRGOLEN'SSPECIALSFor This WeekDelicious Home KilledMEATSOur Main Specialty.All Kinds ofFresh FishDressed to Order Free.IWflRGOLEN'STHE SANITARY MEAT MARKETFOR FRIDAY ANDCeleryFresh TomatoesCurly LettuceHead LettuceRadishes SalsifyNew TurnipsSpinachSweet PotatoesNew BeetsStrawberriesDressed TurkeysSceaks, Chops, RoastsOystersWILMOTHGrocery Go.Phone 376AVULCAN X,. PLOWSVulcan Plow Co., Evan?:,.. . , . . " aw,.ij5c I. 1 T7i 1the--T .3i,'-''fc";Kr:2'3i.3k -?-vrS2sii. --.Ty M - Tmrir- j.3FItlDAY, FEBRUARY 23, 1Q17.THE BOURBON NEWS, PARIS, KY.PAGE FIVdKSOCIAL AND PERSONAL, big hempFOR THE BESTNOTHING ELSEComings and Goings of OurPeople Here, There and xElsewhere.DEAL UNDERWAY FOR PARIS FIRM.BEST NEWS IN THE PAPERIs the announcement of our firstshowing of the new Spring StetsonHats. 'Come in to-day for your style.(It) J. w. DAVIS & CO.Negotiations for the sale of the remainder of the nemp crop of Clarkcounty have been under way for several days this week, and it is under-!stool nere that the deal will be definitely closed this week.Recently Messrs. E. F. Spears &Sons, of Paris, .purchased one-half ofthe crop, amounting to about 1,000,000LONG MAY SHE WAVE!acutii imspoie oo ieet in length, Winchester. WednpsrinvsTu-uiuuiixeu oy a large gnaea Dan lios Airs. HumehasMrs. Ed. T. Hinton left Wednesday for a visit in Cincinnati.Miss Ruth Pinnell, of Winchester,is a guest of Paris friends and relatives. Miss Nannie Brent O'Neill has returned trom a visit to friends in Win. omimis. at 13 v. nnta omi cawra anCl'Tv?r' m w m optionon the remainder. If they pur-.RobL Turner .,. 5!T aon' Ff' chase the remaining crop of the hemphome nea? Paris "" '" "" il m"st be delivered t0 them by May;Miss Mabel Robbins was a guest of ' CCG1 amg t0 melr contract witn tneher brother. Mr r.r n RnKWnP ,- growers.i HOUSE DB ESSESThe purchased hemn is now beinir" iClay, of Winchester brought in and delivered at Bush Ware-been placed In position on top of the nas arrived for a two-weeks' visit to house, and the Morton and Hods-First National Bank's five-story build- MrR- Frank Clay, in this city. kin warehouse, both of wniching at the corner of Main and Fourth Mr. and Mrs. Frank Sledd are at have been leased by the Paris firm.streets. A brand new big American V?me P1 a vi,sit to Mr. and Mrs The finished product is being shippedflag will soon float to the breeze from mL p J n1?618? V' , . ? il to Newport News, Virginia, 'tlie uagStalT. proclaiming the Firsi t.x. I , ,7 J ---" clul"cu lu ienfta hv hnnt. tn fho milHnfr nnint InMassacnusetts. .Tne existing carItlOnTTinnfl aftnr o virif . 1, xiNational's recognition of our .patriotic . Mrs. Mary A Paton fn tl, Htv 'emblem, "Old Glory.HAS IT OCCURRED TO YOU?shortage is a considerable handica-p iuhandling the hemp.Mr. Wm. Becraft. one of Bourbon 'most prominent farmers, is verv ill i!his ihome on the Jackstown Dike, near, Paris.Has it occurred to you tQiat despite ' Mr- Edward Dailey has movedthe recent zero weather the Paris fire from Lexington to Paris to make his1 1 A J . . nOmP Wltlll VllO Il 11 fir Vl -. 1VT.tr. mV. 11TuuiwriuieuL touna no nyarants rrozen' "". uuufaUlu, mia. xu-j&. w.- Tlie basket ball team representina:. iimur-Mrs. Wm. Howard, of Richmond, is f ' MaT? T' T.at the bedside of his sister. Mrs Ma- day niSht full of vim and vigor, and'ST. MARY'S DEFEATS THE PARISBASKET BALL TEAM.The basket ball teamHas it occurred to you that the firemen have been unusually busy, andthat, in spite of a large number of fires,none was ever .permitted to get awayfrom them? If it hasn't think it over,and let the thought balance your nexcmie Parrish, who has been quite ill for In a fast and hard fought game, adseveral days. ministered a defeat to the Y. M. C. A.Mrs. N. A. Moore returned last team by the score of 50 to 33. Paris jnight trom a successful business trin nlaved a erood but losinsr erame. as thevkick on the water works, the shortage through New Jersey, Pennsylvania and couid not overcome the rushes of thetrf natural gas, and the Paris fire de- er asiern btates. st Marv.s tean, all lmskv lads T,. jur. ana Mrs. tJismark Frank ami A u i ifMr. and Mrs. W. Ed. Tucker, who have game Was witnessed y a larSe crowdibeen in New York for several weeks,. de&Plte the counter attractions of the.returned Wednesdav nieht. " same night.. ' Mrs. J. O. Marshall was a visitor The Paris High School team and the.peaches at ten cents per in Cynthiana, Tuesday, to attend the Clark County High School team, willpartmenLGOOD DRIED PEACHES.Joodl.o'jnd.'"St)C. P. COOK & CO.entertainment of the Bridge Club , piay at the Y. M. C. A to-night.given uy airs. James J. uurie.REPORT OF BROWN SALE.Auctioneer W. G. Renaker, wiho conducted the sale of stock, etc., for Mr.John Brown, at his farm near ColvilJe,in this county, Tuesday, furnishes thefollowing report:Seven head of horses and mares,from $70 to $152; 2 yearling colts, $35to 76; 5 head cows, $60 to $85; 2calves, $25 and $30; 2 long yearlingsteers, $63 each; brood sows, $31;sow and 7 pigs, $54; sow and 5 pigr.,$41; 15 head sheep, $17 eaclh; 4 tonsoats, $16.25 per ton; corn, $5.85 to $b;chickens, 85c to $1 each; turkeys,from $4.80 to $5 each.Mr. Richard Sales, of the WiiI mouth Grocery Co.'s clerical force, nasrented the Hutchcraft cottage on Houston avenue, recently vacated by MrJames Day.Mrs. J. Walter Payne is in Cincinnati visiting various public schoolsin that city getting ipointers and nevREMODELING PROGRESSING.The work of remodeling the 61d Columbia Theatre, on the ground floor ofthe Odd Fellows building at Fifth andMain streets, is progressing rapidlyunder the supervision of contractorideas that will probably be used n our George B. Minter. The floor has beenHigh School here. -taken up and relaid flush with theMr. O. S. Johnson, who has been street, while other necessary improveunder treatment at the Massie Memo-,ments aud alterations are well undernai nospiiai, in tnis city, lor sometime, 3ias recovered sufficiently to re-ATTENTION, CANDIDATES!turn to his home in Winchester.Mrs. Eva Dinimitt has as guesther granddaughter, Mrs. W. E. Henry,cf Newport. Mrs. Dimmitt's daugiiterMiss Lillian Traugott, who has beenvery ill at her home in Lexington, isimproving.I Rev. F. J. Cheek, of Danville, wasa visitor in Paris, Wednesday. He re; ported his mother-in-law, Mrs. Marvway.The room when completed, will beoccupied by a Greek firm from Lexington, who will conduct an ice cream,soda water and confectionery business there.RED CROSS SEAL REPORT.At a recent meeting of the BourbonCounty Health and Welfare League.toinIngels, formerly of this city, as ha- anss Mary Spears, who had charge ofing been very ill for some time, but Mlp Qnip n Rp.i cross Christmas Sealj.made her reDOrt. showing that theour ladies who sold the largest amountwere Mrs. William Shire, Mrs. DuncanBell, Mrs. Louis Rogers and Mrs. JohnF. Davis.Wanted.BIG JARDINIERE SALE.The big Jardiniere sale that createdsuch a sensation at the Paris RacketStore last year, will be on again tomorrow, (Saturday.) (It)Middje-aged man and family ito takecare of premises and do gardening.Modern cottage of 5 rooms and plot cfground and garden furnished. A goodproposition to right party. No triileryneed apply. Call over either phone.Home, 2018; Cumberland 118. jDO YOU KNOW?De you know that we have moiegoods than any grocery in Paris, andnri taking care of our trade betterand cheaper?It) C. P. COOK & CO.YESTERDAY A LEGAL HOLIDAY.!All candidates for public officesue beieuusu at me wuuu& yinuaiy ui nQW gjigiy better.o;n,n,om0nt; ,ii, n onnHH.tn, . MF" ?na "re. ueorge B. Winter sales amounted to about $135. The. w, v , diave naa as guests tins week theirifnd signed cards m the paper ana daughter, Mrs. Edward Brannon, andjob work are strictly cash. Only a their granddaughter. Miss FlossiBfew of the candidates, however, have Minter, daughter of Mr. and Mrs. Harfailed to comply with this rule. This ry Minter, all of Lexington,is to notify those who have not paid Friends in this city have receivedfor their announcements that their announcement cards worded as fo1names will be dropped from the list of lows: "Mr. and Mrs. Ira Frank Tabbcandidates in THE NEWS if their ac- announce the marriage of their dauglicounts are not paid before the first of JSUFMj.rch. Any other candidates wishing the nineteenth, one thousand nine nunto announce are requested to bring the dred and seventeen, ML Sterling.Ken- cash along with the announcements. tucky."I Rev. Dr. F. J. Eberhardt, of Danville. and Rev. Dr. O. R. Mangum, ofthe Paris Baptist church, will exchangepulpits Sunday. Rev. Eberhardt wasformerly pastor of the Paris church,and still has a large circle of friendshere who will be glad of the opportunity to hear him again.Mr. R. F. Clendenin, Associate Gen-ii eral Agent of the Northwestern MutualLife insurance uo., is auenumg ameeting of the West Virginia Association Northwestern agents at wneei-ing. W. Va., to-day and to-morrow, and jwill make a talk to the agents on"LifeInsurance." He will be the guest ofC. B. and IL M. Taylor, General'Agents In that city, who formerly hadcharge of the field now covered by Mr. 'Clendenin. jThe Junior Chaperone Club of (Lexington entertained Tuesday even-jing in the ball room of the Phoenix'IrlOtel Willi Uie sewim ui oci iw ui jdances, which was a decidedly brilliant .success. Among those who attended (were Miss Kate Alexander, Mr Charl ,n?,- tvTt- nnH Mt-s Arthur R. Hail-lllll I iltlt. J.I1.1. U11U ' .-. .--of the Masonic t0ck, and Mr. John Kriener, of Pariswell patronized. The next entertainment the Club is logive will be during Easter weeK, amwill be tihe last for the season.Mr. Lawrence Hill returned Wednesday from a short stay at SL Petersburg. Florida. Mr. Hill had intendedYesterday being a legal holiday.Washington's Birthday, the banks andpostoffice were closed. The schoolsobserved the day with an appropriateprogram of patriotic songs and exercises. The members of the JemimaJohnson Chapter, Daughters of American Revolution, gave a "Silver Tea"in the big ballroomTemple, which wasThe local lodge Knights of Pythias,also observed the occasion by a homecoming meeting and celebration attheir Castle Hall of the sixty-tiliird anniversary of the founding of the order.Flags floated from the public buildingsJrT 'r BjIHhI BBfljn JThill theVictrolx X. $75making a side trip to Havana, Cuba,,but was advised by friends mat niel"the Father of Hisbeen forgotten.Country" had notSTOP AND LOOKAt our windows for whats in men'swear for Spring. Every day we areunpacking new things.(It)J. W. DAVIS & CO.MR. CLENDENIN HONORFD AGAIN.and there was ample evidence that naVana 'People were charging such extortionate rates for accommoaauon:?. jthe winter racing season being on ithere, as to practically render it im-'possible for any save a millionaire toget a place to stay. He stated that al- $most the same state of affairs obtained jin St. Petersburg, where the rush of.tourists from the North had severely,taxed the resources of the hotels and jlodging places. Small hotels that had .nominally charged from $3 to $4 perjday had increased their rates to $8 and J510 per day, and every piace wasc n i riQ,ior.in a striate General crowded to its capacity. DelegationsAc-en 'of the North Western Mutual of citizens and representatives of ther;s Compan, .eeves tcda, MJMftfor Wheeling, W. a., to attend anouier jo - - Mr mu says old Pari3 jmeeting of the uig uompany s wi jooked very good to him on ails re-Virgiaia Agents. Mr. Clendenin is. on 'tun Mrg Harry Hill will remain un-the program for a talk on this occasion. til tne winter is over.This is quite a compliment to "our , (Other Personals on Pa?e 3.)Roy- as this is the second meeting of! MCCTwr;the kind that he has been invited to . CLUB MEETINGS..onri within the last two weeks. , ..,..rr i .HpnilP.ii a similar meet- The Progressive Culture wud nem a?n7 in Cleveland and told the boys very interesting session at the Ui'Ing in oieveiauu "Wednesday after-whatfce knew aoouL xne uubiw ixmiB v;' " c A ' ow, ,,11 omints he -made good and noon. The president, unanuui w -j iMrhlv comDUmenLea oa m& ney, picatucuLittle folksenjoy theVictrolaThey enjoy the catchy musicas well as the big folki and theysoon get to have "favorites" oftheir own.There are besides special chilren's records of well-known songsand recitationschildren's own.which are theBring ihc children into bear some of the special Victor Records forchildren. We'll Eladlyplay them and tell you howesy It li to get a Victor 'or Vktrola-$10 to $4CQ.There wasAmos Tur-a good at-3ks which were printed in full in tendance of the members, ana a nun.SErV to MB insurance Journals, her of visitors ,wr. P-An,ramUug rigm. aiumiu uciicul j;i J6iS SrinTsmpTny for the-wiT- new member Miss Harris and H,inl of bis bu.ine.s. Olivia Orr. wore enrolled.DnOGHRBROSillpftbr-'GeCulCThat Appeal ToYour Pride AndYour PurseA delightful surprise awaits you at ourstore this week. The new models of HouseDresses have just arrived and are now ondisplay for the first time.We thought oue last dresses were unbeatable, but the latest arrivals surpassthem in style and beauty.WE NEED NOT ADD THATTHEY AREmjP tiif I ?wTHEELECTRICBRANDaFamed-For-mt"for this store has always handled the best and The ELECTRIC Brand stands foremost among House and Porch Dresses. !From a dollar and cents point of view these dresses cap the climax in value,and you'll quickly agree with us when you see these dresses.ASK THE SALESLADY TO SHOW YOU THESE DRESSESThe Adjustable DressesThe Adjustable HemThe Reinforced PartsThe Firmly Attached ButtonsThe Carefully Made ButtonholesThe Tailor Finished SeamsThe MendersThe Under-Arm Dress Shields$1.00 to $3.00Sizes 34 to 56?FRANK & COMPANYm eh oiit mIN OURBIG CASH SALEFor the Rest of Februaryand All of MarchIN THIS RESPECT we differ materially from most sales, asr I tnis jdiu :Jri all is in no respect a clearance sale, asare many others. Anything in our tremendous stock isincluded in this sale, and we truly believe we can save you largesums, no matter where you get prices. Come in and see us.For Sixty Years This HouseHas Done What it Promised !We want you for our customer. You know we give you qualityand that, coupled with the lowest prices to- be found anywhere,should appeal to you strongly.May we expect the pleasureof having you call?THE J. T. HINTON CO.MOTOR HEARSEMOTOR INVALID COACHUNDERTAKING66EITI-IERPl-lONE" 36SIXTH AND MAIN STS.SPAGE SIXTHE BOURBON NEWS, PARIS, KY.FRIDAV. FEBRUARY 23, 191?.TAKE "CASCARETS" IFHEADACHY, BILIOUS ,AND CONSTIPATED.!YOU CAN'T ESTIMATESUCCESS BY CASH.FUNSTON, PHILIPPINE WARHERO, DIES SUDDENLYfttct For Liver and Bowels, BadBreath, Bad Colds, Sour StomachGet a. 10-cent box.Sick, headache, biliousness, coatedtongue, head and nose clogged up with& cold5 always trace this to torpidliver; delayed, fermenting food in thebowels or sour, gassy stomach.Poisonous matter clogged in the intestines, instead of being cast out of agriclutural worth andthe system Is re-absorbed into the i1Pl rp.flur.ed to and reckoned in easy unWood. When, this poison reaches the .ipr-tnod terms of value.eiicate orain. tissue it causes congestion, and that dull, throbbing, sickening headache.Cascarets immediately cleanse thebomach, remove the sour, undigestedfood and foul gases, take the excessbile from the liver and carry out allAn editorial in the current issue of! SAN ANTONIO, TEXAS, Feb. 22.I arm and Fireside says: , Major General Frederick Funston,"Money is a poor measure of men, commanding the Southern Departmentan unsatisfactory standard of success, of the United States Army, and oneIt may be as false as a 30-inch yard- of the leading figures in the country'sstick, a 7-quart peck, or an 11-ounco military history since his capture ofpound. It may cause the most selfish Aguinaldo, while commanding a Kanfarmer, one who is in fact a failure, to sas volunteer regiment in the Philipbe looked upon as a notable success pines, died of acute indigestion. MonSo it is unfortunate that there it no day night.Generally accepted standard by which He collapsed in a hotel soon aftersuccess may timing with friends and did not regainhis death,consciousness beforeshort time afterward.it is exceedinclv difficult adequate- General Funston was at his officely to measure or guage country-life Monday, with no sign of ill health,values. On the other hand, it is easy .During dinner he seemed in his usualto estimate, in terms generally under- good spirits, and after the meal bestood the number of acres in a field, gan to play with a child of one of thecr tosteerarrive at the weight of a fat guests. He fell over unconscious be-ny imr "K'nt-tliprmnrp whn !s fnro nnv nnp rnnlrl rpnoh him.the constipated waste matter and pois- Mlprft ,vim would nresume to measure! General Funston was 51 years oldns in the bowels. tl,e worth 0f high citizenship, of com-i Ever since March, 1916, when heA Cascaret to-night will surely munity leadership, or to reduce to 'was placed in command of all Unitedtraighten yoi out by morning. They iarrna nf Hniinrs and cents the elory I States forces on the Mexican border.work while you sleep a 10-cent box of 3ime trees, the beauty of valley (General Funston had worked unusuallyAt critical times in border de-elopments he frequently remained onduty continuously for 24 hours.While a Colonel of the famous Twen-from your druggist means your head and hm and prairie, or of the wild hardclear, stomach sweet and your liver flowers 0f springtime and autumn? jveloiana uoweis regular iur iuuuuib. v"w"For the discouraged man or woman on the farm, those whose accom-v 2 jifefNHaKJiiiowBedinstocalTo seehawyousrefeiforcoal!DkON'T let the cold,austere month ofMarch annoy you any. Buya ton of the coal we're selling and send Winter on hisway. Forward, March!Get the dependable "HotStuff7EOXRIDGEW. C. DODSONrlishments may not loom large when tieth Kansas Volunteer Infantry in themeasured in money or in the general-(Philippine War, Funston performedly accepted terms of efficiency and feats of bravery that brought him thesuccess, there may be causes for con-1 title of Brigadier General. His capturatulation. It is not always easy to J ure of Auginaldo and his fording thseparate the dross from the gold.SEVERE COLD QUICKLY CURED."On December first Ivere cold or attack of the grip as itmay be, and was nearly down sick inbed," writes O. J. Metcalf, Waterby,Mo. "I bought two bottles of Chamberlain's Cough Remedy and it wasonlv a few days until I was completelyrestored to health. I firmly believethat Chamberlain's Cough Remedy isone of the very best medicines an Iwill know what to do when I have another cold." Obtainable everywhere.(Feb-adv)A recently invented folding porchgate for the protection of children canbe folded out of sight into a pillaiwhen idle.passes over a wall, has been inventedto enable amateurs to do their ownpaper hanging.Rio Grande River at Columpit underfire featured his work.General Funston has been describedby his superiors as absolutely fear-had a very se- less. Ever ready to plunge into danger, Qie cared little whether his forceequaled that ot his opponent.It was while he as in commandof the troops at Vera Cruz in 1914that he was raised to the rank ofMajor General. He was then 49 yearsold.Physically, Gen. Funston was one ofthe smallest men in the United StatesArmy. He was barely 5 feet and 5incjhes tall and usually weighed lessthan 120 pounds. In civil life he wasmodest and retiring.Gen. Funston's administration of affairs in Vera Cruz, where he carried jout the President's orders with a firmhand, simply holding the city whenevery influence about him was centeredupon forcing the American Army intothe Mexicans,a . Sir-itt?&sifi. K jBHA"Toss of a Coin" SaleNOW GOING ONA tool that unrolls a roll of wall paper and spreads it with paste as it is actual fighting withprobably was the most notable serviceof his career.Yon Don't HaveTo StoopIf You Use aGARLANDCabinet Range,MA,H: KE7EjJnr,'fu::uu" 117111H iHmA beautiful line of Garlands on dlsflay. Come In and look them over.Paris Gas & Electric Co.BiV25 CENTS DESTROYSYOUR DANDRUFF ANDSTOPS FALLING HAIRSaveIhAOC WARrtECEMA REMEDYSold on a guarantee for Eczema,Tetter, Salt Rheum, and similar affections of the skin and scalp. Soldonly by us, 50c and ?1.00.OBERDOFER, The Druggist,Paris Kentucky.Your Hair! Make ItWavy and BeautifulTry This!Thick.Professional Cards.Bourbon Building &Loan AssociationIN REAR OF BANKEntrance on Fourth StreetDR. WM. KENNEYEye, Ear, Nose and Throat.ROOMS 403-404.PHONE 136.Thin, brittle, colorless and scraggyhair is mute evidence of a neglectedscalp; of dandruff that awful scurf.There is nothing so destructive tothe hair as dandruff. It robs the hairof its lustre, its strength and its verylife; eventually producing a feverishness and itching of the scalp, which ifnot remedied causes the hair roots toshrink, loosen and die therf the hairfalls out fast A little Danderine tonight now any time will surelysave your (hair.GeJL a 25-cent bottle of Knowlton'sDanderine from any drug store or toilet counter, and after the first application your hair will take on that lifelustre and luxuriance which is so beautitul. It will become wavy and fluffsand have the appearance of abundance,, an incomparable gloss and softness; but what will please you mostwill be after just a few week's use.when you will actually seefine, downy hair new hair-all over the scalp. (adv)-.'Janything ssssssssmsjmmade with Calumet Baking fcjv;Powder. Mother never hid V$such wholesome bakings until 4she used Calumet. M"It's Calumet surety, uniformity, plypuntv. strength, that makes every b.i- Byting turn out light tint cives inillior.3of housewives leaking Powder money.e fair to yourself ue Calumet. "Received Highest Awards.V'to Cook Let k i seeSee Slip in Found Can..1mA.VJffV - - 7?ft?UffiCheap and big canBalJiiP .visave you money. Camrr.eju ' jand far superior to sour mill:UNITED STATES SENATEPASSES THE "SPY BILL."WASHINGTON, Feb. 22.WrVK GRANNANAitorneyat-LawROOMS 401-402.SUPERINTENDENTS TOSTAND ANOTHER TESTREMOVAL NOTICEThe firm of Hutchcraft & Cline, attorney, has been dissolved, Mr. Hutchcraft retiring. Mr. Cline will continue4-1 V!rr9rf f 4-Ti r. r Vr ft m nml sr Ih fnn i la now fn.oa , .they passed the speicial State examin-H. H. Brock, Countyof Madison County, was in Frankfortconferring with Superintendent ofPublic Instruction Gilbert and Attorney General Logan, concerning thequestion whether under the schoollaw the superintendent'.; are eligiblefor reelection on the certificate thatnew omces onfourth floor of the First National BankBuilding. (jan30-lnio)ation for their benefit four years ago,or whether they must secure anotheicertificate. A test suit will be filed todetermine tihe question.The superintendents have been under the impression that certificateswere good for eight years, but Superintendent of Public Instruction Gi1that it was necessary for the superintendents to stand an examination inorder to qualify for the office.The ad-a lot of i ministration espionage bill providing-growing severe penalties for spying on mattersof national defense and punishing conjspiracise to violate American neutrality was passed by the Senate byi a vote of 60 to 10.That there are 100,000 spies in thej United States was stated by SenatorOverman, of North Carolina. Monday.Superintendent j anrins debate on the espionage billpending in the Senate. He failed toname his informant.Opposing amendments by SenatorCummins to temper some of the stringent provisions of the espionage bill,Senator Overman made the assertion,and declared further it was absolutelyessential that drastic laws be enactedto protect naval stations, submarinebases and other national defensesSenator Overman, as member of theJudiciary Committee in charge of thebill, has been in close touch with theDepartment of Justice, which draftndthe measure.Unheard-of Bargains InMen's and Boys'units and OvercoatsOAoeSj Jatsand furnishingsDon't Miss This Sale! "Savethe Difference!"TWINClothing and Shoe Depf.BROSL. Wollst-in. PropService Firstm The City has added a new Fire Truckto its equipment to provide adequate andefficient protection to you.The County has built modern roads forvour convenience, safety and comfort andto provide an efficient means of travel andtransportation.The Home TelephoneCompany has added a new Truck toits equipment, which, with its other two,will provide an efficient means of caring forthe plant which furnishes modern telephone service.Have you a HOME PHONE? Join themodern procession. Call contract department now.Paris Home Telephone & Telegraph Go.(Incorporated)J. J. VEATCH, .District Manager.W. H. CANNON, THOMAS K. SMITH.Equipment Manager. Cashier.1i'I'4"2''Hi'I"li'M'i-I-IIl.;i.II..I..I..I...n..i.4..inM..i. H 1 1 H 1 1 1 1 1 1 I i itiAUT0M0H1E HEARSE OR AMBUUN'CEI desiro to an .. 9 to oar friends that I can, where desired,furnish an autor do beares or ambulance. This method oftransportation ij especially desired on long trips, the same being made in better time, and at no advance In cost over thehorse-drawn conveyance.GEO. YY. DAVIS, Funeral Director.tT..l..fc.liJ..1.TM8..T...T..T..T..T..li.TMr.rf.A.TT.r.J.A.li...fcA.T..T..,.f.....J f-frfrf MlSHARP, STABBING PAINSOften Tell of Weak Kidneys- A ParisResident Shows You WhatTo Do.DO YOU USE SALESMANSHIP IN COURTING A GIRi.Opportunity!Tomorrow this very day a few hundred dollars might give you ariiance in business, in real estate, that would start you on the road towealth.HAVE Y0TT THE PEW HuNDEED? If you haven't, make up yourmind to accumulate that sum, for there's ne telling when such an oppoitunity will present itself.Start a Bank Accotint TodayFarmers' & Traders' BankFred C. Kelly has written an entertaining artirlc Tor the February American Ma?azii about using salesmanship m ud in courting a girl. Ilerjis hov h? did it:j " 'Gaui you have said yes.' I saidto her, you will iind yourseit in aframe of mind mat you will wonderwhy you didn't do it much sooner.'"Whenever I wanted to drive a pointhome with my customer, without giving offense, 1 did it in a joking way.and as Loretta Loring was endowedwith a sense of humor it was effec'ive. With some girls it would nothave done at all"H'T "..preciation of humor vaF. P. KISBR, President.TNO. J. M.CLTNTOfK- nMnrWM. GRU6E3, Bookkeeper.Sixth and Main Streets Paris, KyThe sharp twinge of pain in thesmall of the hack that strikes you after any sudden twist or awkward motion, may tell of weak, kidneys. Anlthere are often disturbances of theurjlie too frequent urination, scaldingor burning pain during passage, discolored urine and sedimentDean's Kidney Pills are prepared cs-,pecially for weakened moneys, Kinneybackache and urinary disorders haveproven their merit in thousands of cases. Doan's are endorsed throughoutthe civilized world are recommendedbv Paris residentsOlias. Stewart, tinsmith. Lillestonavenue. Paris, says: "I had three ofour attacks of lumbago in the pasfew yedrs. the first being the worstMy back was a dull, constant ache allthe time and often sharp, cutting paindarted through it. Sometimes. rthough 1 could hardly endure the mis-c-rv. iioctors meuicmt: wtt ui uu aA MAN AND HIS WIFEmay both derive saiisfactionby having- their worn and soiledgarments cleaned by us. Thecost is nominal, while the pleasure of wearing old clothes thathave the appearance of new, inconjunction with the knowledgethat you are effecting a greatsaving-, must surely satisfy you.A phone brings U3.LEVY, THE DRY CLEANERCumberland Phone 40 Home Phone 169 2yfmfftM?CGCOCS09SaftMMc::S3am9such tl'at alter we were married I' ,,.i mnmhmv T srot held of Doau's Kid-felt free4 to tell her just how I had !ney Pills, procuring them from the Ar-studiou-yundertaken to apply sale-5-!deiy Drug Co. The first box helpe'lmanship to courtship. It was not Ion- me and I continued taking them untilbefore she began to use the lingo of cured of the attack. Return spellsttie salesman Herself. 'I have not P , since then have always been slight, andworld of fault to find with your goods 'loan's Kidney Puis have never failedshe said to me sweetly one moniiii?,10, nt all dealers. Don'tas she came up Lack of my chair an -I j Qimply ask for a kidney remedy getplaced her arms ground my neck, 'but Joan's Kidney Pills the same thataren't you glad they're non-returna-' Mr. Stewart had Foster-Milburn Co.,hie?'Props., Buffalo, N. Y.(adv)All men are born free and enual: An automobile coal wagon has beenthen their equality takes a vacation invented with four separate compartrntu the undertaker gest busy with ments, so well balanced that they canthem. t fbe dumped by hand.ouribon LaundryDWIS & FUNK, Props.Telephone No. 4.West 5 StreetMJ ft.I 11 I rdSaiisiactionW-Uchwordis OnrWith all the latest improvements in laundryappliances rand experthelpers we are preparedto do work inferior tonone, and solicit yourpatronage.ourbon Laundry,Paris Kentucky,jntmtfittttfllFRIDAY, FEBRUARY 23, 1917.THE BOURBON NEWS, PARIS, KY.PAGBSBWfDRIVING OUT CATARRHIf people knew how the presenceof catarrh is a constant menace,they would have none of it. Itinfests some part of the delicatelyadjusted body and makes it useless,thus throwing- on the other organsmore than their share of work. Itaffords a carefully prepared seedbed for the sernis of colds, srip,tuberculosis and pneumonia. It sodisarranges Nature's delicate plansas to make possible asthma, hayfever and other respiratory disorders. It spreads until it becomessystemic, thus involving' manv organs and debilitating: the entiresystem with serious results.Catarrh is easily neglected, andIt rarely get3 well of itself. Itneeds proper medicinal correction.For almost half a century maivthousands have found h lp in IVruna. a valuable tonic with specialefficacy in catarrhal conditions.The aim is to clean out waste matter, to dispel the catarrhal inflammation, and tone up the whole system. Its users willinprly tostifvthat it has done all this and ovenmore for catarrhal sufferers. Whatit has done is the best proof ofwhat it will do. You may rely onPeruna.In tablet form it is pleasant totake and easy to administer.ManalinTablets arethe ideallaxative andliver tonic.They haveno unpleasant effectsand do notform a habit. 10c, 25c.The Peruna CoColumbus, O.EFrfTrVirINCREASE IN NEWSPAPERMAIL RATES UNJUST.In this enlightened age and countrvevery person of intelligence reads s.daily paper. Newspapers are thegreatest educational medium of ourday, and are indispensible from thatviewpoint alone. History is beingmade faster than ever before. Nobusiness man can afford to do without,a daiiy paper that prints the marketreports which relate to his affairs,i Daily newspapers are making enorimous sacrifices in the interest of theirreaders. The price of paper has bcicoine extortionate, and the cost ofi collecting the news of the war anlother events of importance has mounted to almost prohibitive heights.If Congress adds to the burden ofthe daily newspapers by increasing thepostal rates readers outside the largercities will have to pay the bill. Thepolicy of distributing newspapersthrough the mails at low cost wasadopted long ago, and Americans haveenjoyed its benefits much to their advantage. Anything that tends to shutthe people off from contact with thegreat world of affairs is detrimentalto their welfare and their progress.The postoflice appropriation billnow before Congress contains a provision to increase the second-class mailrates on daily papers. This does notaffect people living in large cities, because these mail rates do not applyto local circulation, and the papersare delivered at the houses and offices,and sold on newstands and by newsboys without going through the post-WARNING TO TOBACCO MEN.When tjnu ee!!ll.u.?ej a . iJT" ,,,': :e o office. This change in the rates willvous, tired, worried or despondent it is a " ,,...,. isaresignyouneedMOTT'SNERVERINE hit People living in the country andPILLS: They renew the normal vigor and small towns, and Uliey should protestmake life worth living. Be sure and ask fox vigorously against the increase.M ..n-. M-.r.;P;llcPceSi.ooF The Postofflce Department does notottsNerverme rills bydug,ist,needthe revenue Its officials sayKLUAMS MFG. CO. Prop... C!.relad. Ob.c can afford tQ reduce the ,etterThe tobae'eo men all over the country who made early sales of tfieircrops have surely learned a valuable lesson, and that is, to beware ofthe speculators who beseige them earlyin the tobacco season, to sell to them,instead of waiting for the opening oftheir local markets.It must have been very humiliatingto the former when they saw theircrops that they had devoted so muchtime and care to raising, sold on thelocal markets at big averages, whichethe speculators pocketed at a bigprofit. In one county in this districtaccording to one of the best-informedtobacco men in Bourbon county, it isestimated that the speculators willmake at least $200,000 on their purchases of the 1916 crop, and most certainly a good portion of this sum wiljhave been lost to Bourbon countygrowers who sold to these men.The money should have found itsway into the pockets of the growersthe men who did the hard work anahad the worry and responsibility ofgetting the crop in a marketable condition It has been pointed out if aspeculator can afford to pay a growerten, twelve of even thirteen cents forhis tobacco crop while it is yet hangingin the barn, the producer ought to (harehis suspicions aroused.Moral, of course, is, .patronize yourhome markets, and hold until alongin the season, after the speculatorshave ceased to worry you almost todeath then get the profits that arerightfully yours.o'S:SOME READABLE DON'TSOBERDORFER, The Druggist.mail rate from two to one cent. Thea vera go family throughout the country" " receives 50 newspapers an periodicalsKENTUCKY TRACTION for every letter that comes into the& TERMINAL COMPANY house, and this alone is a strong ar-gument against the proposed changeInterurban Schedule.CARS LEAVEParisforLexington6:45 a. m.7:30 a. m.8:15 a, m. "- 9:00 a. m .9;45 a. m.11:15 a, m.12:45 p. m.2:15 p. in.3:45 p. m.4:30 p. m.5:15 p. m.6:05 p. m.6:50 p. m.8:15 p. m.10:05 p. m.LexingtontorParis6:00 a. m.7:20 a. m.8:00 a. m.s:oU a. m.A one-cent letter rate would help bigbusiness houses, but would make noappreciable difference in the homes.CIVIL SERVICE AMENDMENTFOR POSTMASTERS REJECTED.An amendment to put postmasters' ofall classes under civil service, written10:20 a. m. into the legislative, executive and ju11:50 a. m. dicial appropriation bill by the Senate1:20 p. m. Was rejected by the House and the bill2:50 p. m. went to conference. Chairman Moon,3:30 p. m. of post0ffice Committee, champion-K-nnn m ed tflie change, which has the approval6-00 p m oC President Wilson, but Democratic7:20 p. m." leader Kitchen headed the opposition9:10 p. ml and the rejection was on a vote of 23411:00 p. m. to 43. The House also disagreed toa Senate amendment to put members'CITY CARS ONLY. clerks on the payrolls instead of allow-Luc Court House Lve. Station 5. ing members to pay what they pleasedam7.45 am8.15 am8.45 am5.15 am9.45 am30.15 am10.45 am11.15 am11.40 am12.00 m12.45 pm41.15 pm45 pm2.15 pm2.45 pm2.15 pm3.45 pm4.15 pm5.15 pm4.45 pm7.15 amS.00 2m8.30 am9.00 am9.30 am10.00 am10.30 am11.00 am11.30 am11.50 am12.15 pm1.00 pm1.30 pm2.00 pm2.30 pm3.00 pm3.30 pm4.00 .pm4.30 pm5.00 pm5.00 pmout of a lump sum.(American Education.)Don't argue with the inevitable.The only argument available with aneast wind is to puL on your overcoat.Don't preach too much. Nonepreaches better than the ant, and sh3says nothing.Don't waste your feelings. Feelingfare too rich cream to be skimmed fonothing.Don't be too patient. "Once in awhile," said Unc'e Eben, "a man compliments himself on having patienc?when lie's simply too lazy to make akick."Don'L pack up vorries. You can getthem anywhere as you go along.Don't let your stream of life be amurmuring stream.Don't use a ,pilj driver to pin on abow of ribbon.Don't measure success by accumulation, for this measure is false.Don't talk over "prevailing conditions." Just make friends with yourluck.Don't fail to Jove your neighbors,yet don't pull down your hedge.Don't kill yourself with unnecessarywork. There was once a New Eengland woman whose epitaph read,"She hath done what she couldn't."Don't leave the sky out of your landscape.IF YOUare troubled with dandruff, itchingscalp, and your hair coming out, weask you to tryWmioi,H H VSfygfaTRAOC MARKHAIR TONICon our guarantee that it will giveyou relief and satisfaction or moneyrefunded. Sold only by us, 50c and?1.00.OBERDOFER, The Druggist,t Paris Kentucky.L. & N. TIME TABLEr,.ti..A cT,Qir Mnv 28. 1916. 12.01)(Effective Sunday, May 28, 1916, 12.01)TRAINSNo.1-3434'J51011FROMARRIVAL17S7123326'JQ91383819.Lexington, daily except Sunday 525 amAtlanta, daily " 7!3s amCynthiana, daily except SundayRowland, daily except SundayMaysville daily except Sunday amLexington daily except Sunday.. ;Maysville, daily except Sunday 9.52 amCincinnati, O., daily 1012 amLexington, daily '' ll0:17 amChicago, daily I' ;, 1200 mLexington, Daily Except Sunday ".-"g JCvnthiana, Daily Except Sunday JJMaysville, Daily Except Sunday- 312 pmLexington, Daily 11111111 3:15 pmjvnoxvnie, xguu., ""j 5:40 pmSOLDIERS UNITE INA BIG WOLF HUNT.I A wolf hunt,- in which both Russianand German soldiers joined, is described in correspondence from the Polish front.Parties of Russian and Germanscouts met recently and were hotly engaged in a skirmish, when a large pac1:of woles dashed on the scene and atloimii thft wnndpd. Hostilities wereat once suspended, and Germans andRussians instinctively attacked the.pack, killing about 50 of the wolves.After the hunt the soldiers separated,each party returning unmolested to itsown trenches.Along some sections of this fronthungry wolves have been particularlybold this winter, constituting a realdanger to outposts of boWi armies, andrepeatedly the combatants have had tosend out hunting parties against thecommon enemy. While at this sortof work sniping is suspended by a sortof tacit agreement among opposingforces.RHEUMATISM IN DOGS.Mdysville, Daily5:50 pm, s rnl,r TT.vppnt KllTldaV ."iz.fl -lTirlTlTlM-l 1. ljailT J.K". f. . -f J vi54 Lexington, Daily Except Sunday 6;g3 ipm3231Jacksonville, Fla., DailyCincinnati, O., DailyLexington Daily ...FOR..10:38 pm,10:23 p inLEAVE-TRAINSNo. ., . an- 5:30 am16 Maysville, Daily except Sunday 5:30 am34 Cincinnati, waily I";: 7:45 am40 Cincinnati, daily except Sunday 7 : 47 am11 Lexington, daily except Sunday 7:48 am10 Maysville. daily except Sunday. y 9:55 am35. Lexington, daily except Sunday 9:57 am37 Knoxville, daily .7.7." 10:20am133 Lexington, daily " 10:22 am33 Jacksonville, daily 12:04 pro1 8 Maysville, daily ... .7.7.7 12 : 05 pm2C Cynthiana, daily except Sunday 3:17 pnJ23 Lexington, daily except Sunday. 3:20 pm38 Cincinnati, daily I'V';;. ." 5:57 pm29 Lexington, daily except Sunday 6:00 pm9 Rowland, Daily except Sunday 6:33 pm11 Maysville, daily except Sunday 6:38 pm32 Chicago, daily Vc,iov 1111. 11 6:48 pm30 Cynthiana, daily except bunciay 9 :38 pm339 Lexington, Sunday only . 9:30 pm118 Maysville, Sunday only 9:40 pm119 Rowland, Sunday only 6:35 p m129 Lexington, DailyUP eft? O- qyiJEfrTFABILiE,n TRAINS ARRIVE ROM2 Frankfort, Ky.. Dally Ex. Sunday ;; ; ; mJ Frankfort. Ky.. SPAin'rok n1 Frankfort, Ky.. Daily Ex. Sunday 7111111 M P-Z Frankfort. Ky.. Daily Ex. Sund.7One of the commonest afflictionsamong dogs is rheumatism. It oftenseizes upon them in their early puppdays and carries them through weeksof torture, in which their limbs becometwisted and their tempers affected forlife. In its acute stages, the jointsbecome swollen and inflamed, and onlywith the greatest pain may the dogmove at all. While the best methodsof combatting the disease are preventive methods, such as good housing,careful diet and sufficient exercise, ithas been discovered that the rhepmaticdog will quickly recover under a treatment of salicylate of sodium, given indoses of from five to fifteen grainsaccording to the size of the dog everyday, while colchicum, in doses of fromeight to thirty drops, three times aday, has also proved remarkably beneficial.EDW. BURKE, PresidentH.S- CAYWOOD, Vice-Pres.EDW. BURKESAM CLAYJAS. CALDWELLJNO. T. COLLINS, ManagerDirectorsH. S. CAYWOOD ROBT. E. BEATTYA. L. STEPHENSON LUTHER STIVERSJ. L. DENTON C. D. tflLSOND. W. PEEDJNO. T. COLLINSS. R. BURR1SA. B. HANCOCKW. M. ROGERSTHETobaccoBOURBONWarehouse Co.Has SoldliiUUuU rowls of TobaccoFOR19.666.54lo Average ofS1oo2Ho Market in the State Has as High ja General Average.FEBRUARY 11917LMDRUG SOLD BY PREACHERUNDER GUISE OF CURE.I William N. Ritchie, 71 years sold, aformer Presbyterian clergyman, ofNew Tork, pleaded guilty in Brooklynrecently to having sold a habit-form-ingdrug under the guise a habit-fonc-drugaddicts. The police asserted hehad made large profits from the business. He will be sentenced February23rd.I Ritchie's attorney defended the former minister's sincerity and declarclhe d:d not sell the "medicine" withthe intention of violating the law, althougn he had dispensed Ills cure fortwent years, advertising it extensivelyINDEPENDENTTOBACCO WAREHOUSE CO.PARIS, KENTUCKYBREAKS All Records For Tobacco SalesSeason's Average $18.55RecordsFloor Average $24.09 per hundredCrop Average $36.13 per hundredTwo Baskets $150.00 per hundredIf you want to get the MONEY put yourtobacco under the LIGHT of the Independent.CHAS. C. CLARKE, Manager.Pi-?pr' 3 'PAGE EIGHTTHE BOURBON NEWS, PRIS, KY.FRIDAY, 1 EBRUAJtY W, 1$17.V' ?MILLERSBURG: :DEATHS.then the property of Hon. George CLockhart, a prominent member of theBourbon county bar, where she and herfamily have resided since.I John T.McGINLEY.McGinley, infant son ofMrs. Woodford had a large circle offriends and relatives who were loyaland devoted to her, and who loved hervery dearly for the many noble traitsMr. D. P. Jones was in Cincinnatin business Monday and Tuesday..XTf O M Tnhncrm rf Polmmithwas the guest of Mr. C. R. Bonar and lir auu x ' oouu iwwmey, ujcj ot neart ana minu wnicn sne possessedfamily, Monday. Wednesday morning at the home of his She was of a very hospitable and geif.-Mrs w. S. Judy, of Lexington, ar- Parents on Cypress street. The bur- al disposition, and her home was therived Tuesday at the bedside1 of 'her ial tookiplace in the Catholic Cemetery gathering place tor those who loved toBister, Mrs. J.B. Cray. yesterday morning witih services at the be with her. She had been a lifelongTh hanks and nostnffip. wpip grave oy Hev. Fatner Kugene ue- member oi tne .fans unnstian church.closed yesterday, the occasion being Bruyn.Washington's birthday. iMisses Hazel Kerr and Dorothy i KELLER,"Conar visited relatives at Maysvillc Miss Mattie Keller, aged sixty-one,SENATE AND HOUSE PASSTHE "feONE DRY" BL!.Mrs. Woodford is survived by thefollowing children: Misses Lou, Annw,and Mary Woodford, of Paris, and Mrfc.Ollie Steele, of Lexington; Mr. Willie r.ifrom Thursday until Sunday. died at her home near Kiserton. at b. Woodford, of near Paris; and Hon.Miss Ruth McClintock left Tuesday "oon yesterday, of paralysis. Miss Hal Woodford, of Paris, who residedfor a few days visit to her cousin, Keller was a native of this county, with her. Her grandchildren, MissesMiss Mary Hayden, at Lexington. and was a sister of Messrs. Ike and Elizabeth and Louise Steele, residedMr. and Mrs. Clyde Rice, of Jake Keller, of near Kiserton, ana with her.also, and another granddaughHutcfaiscn, were guests of Mr. and Mrs. Mrs. Rebecca Spears, of Columbia, ter, Miss Laura Steele, and two littleP. E. Peterson, Tuesday and Wednes- jio. The funeral arrangements had grandsons, resides in Lexington.ay not been conmleted last nisrht. i Thn funpral was (held at flip ros'-Messrs. J. G. Allen and R. L. Pow-,ell are both improving. Mrs. MinnieHurst is able to be out again. Mrs. J. 'B. Cray is no better.r The annual Junior Reception ofthe M. M. I. will be iheld this eveningin the M. M. I. library and parlors,beginning at 8 o'clock.The Missionary Society ofMethodist church, met witih Mrs. Maydence on Winchester streeto'clock yesterday afternoon.at 2:30The s.er-WILDER.T. T M T "llr TTllt wswl ... irisinc ttrAn nntirlunf nrl 1-nr T7m 1 T 'I ill. J. ULLUlt VYUUt;i, ctgcu aii,", n;ca icc iyi;iiuui.i.tu uj jjjxu. u. i.six, died of heart disease at the Treo- Sharrard, in the absence ot Eld. W. E.ling Hotel, in Louisville, last weel, Ellis, who is in Martinsville, Indiana,where he had made his home for manv for a ten-days' stay. The burial folyears. He was the father of Mr. John lowed in tho family lot in the Paristhe Wder, oE High street, and a brother Cemetery. The pall-bearers wereo Mr. George w. Wiiaer, or the l.ou- i Messrs. J. t. wooaiora, sr., w. ,Whaley, Wednesday afternoon. A good isvnie c iasiivine, in rans. .Besides ( juucKner, benjamin wooaiora, wainermfrram was rpndprpd these he is survived by two otner Buckner, urice bteeie ana John IThe Millersburg Dancing Club has children, Patrolman Abram Wilder, ofpostponed the dance which was to thp- Louisville .police force, and Mrs.have been given on February 21, until Glass, of Louisville. The funeral washeld in Louisville and the remainswere taken to Lexington for interment on the Wilder lot.Tuesday evening, February 27.Miss Sella Craven, instructor infrr dergarten, will give an entertainment in the Graded School auditoriumwith her little folks, Friday afternoonMr. and Mrs. Harmon Ammermanhave moved to Nicholasville, wherethey will make their future home, Mr.Ammerman having gone into businessin that city.Quite a number from here are attending the Laymen's meeting, now insession at Lexington. Mr. W. E. Butler and Mr. TSios. Thome have spentthe entire time there.Mrs. Mattie Hawes wiho has beenSUTTON.The funeral of Mr. George R. Suton, a .prominent farmer of the Broadwell vicinity, in Harrison county, whodied at his home near that place Monday night, was iield at the family hom.Wednesday morning at ten o'clock,with services conducted by Rev. J. B.Jicnes. The burial followed in thecemetery at Jacksonville, in thiscounty.Mr. Sutton was a member of IheChristian churchthe guest of her mother, Mrs. AmericaButler, since Saturday, left for her'Leesburghome at Chicago. Wednesday. She i the Civil War he esposed the cause offras enroute from a visit to friends injtihe Confederacy, and was well-knownFlorida, j i0 .jie Bourbon county ConfederatasThe stock and ipersonalty of tli'as a man of courage and honor. Helate William Ardery and Mr. Frank vas seventy-two years old, and vmsBarton were sold Tuesday. Every- the last member ot a highly-respecteduijng uruugui. nugu pneus. uni suiiat $6 per barrel at both sales horsesTery high at Barton sale.The Mission Study Class of theYoung Peoples' Missionary Society of Ithe Methodist church met with M:ssOlive Fisher. Tuesday afternoonFisher.: ;iRELIGIOUS.!The Pastors' Aid Society of thePresbyterian church will have an oilday meeting at the manse next .Tuesday, February 27. A full attendanceof the members is requested.Ua recent meeting of the congregation of the Christian church at Carlisle more than $1,000 was raised in ashort time, in subscriptions rangingfrom ?1 to $35. Of tihis amount $700was paid in cash. The sum raised willliquidate the indebtedness on thoDuring ;onurrURev. Dr. F. W. Eberhardt, of Danville, Ky., will fill the pulpit at theBaptist church at both hours Sundav.The pastor will supply for Dr. Ebnr-jhardt, at Danville. Sunday School atThe "bone dry" bill, which has bpnthe pet measure of the dry forces mthe United States Senate and theHouse for several weeks, and whichpassed the Senate last week by a largevote, took its longest stride forwardWednesday, when, after two hours otmost uprorious debate in the House, itwas approved by a four to one majority. The measure, which would raisean iron-clad barrier against the importation of liquor into prohibition States,is expected to receive the approval ofPresident Wilson within a week, thusadding immediately to the "bone dry"territory about one-third of the Unittd jStates. !The provision is regarded as themost far-reaching that could be enacted by the Federal government, and assweeping as would be possible unuVrany method short of national prohibition amendements. It would cut off entireiy liquor importations, amounting 'now to millions of dollars annually, into the large number of States whichhave forbidden manufacture or sale,but have permitted importation torpersonal use.Advocates of prohibition were di-vided amcung themselves over the expediency of the step, some friends ofthe cause declaring so drastic a lawwould have reactionary effect. In thesame way those who have opposed prohibition were not unanimous in tneopposition when the vote was taken upTlie vote as officially announced, was321 to 72, but .a recheck of ttie rohchanged it to 319 to 72. Party lineswere completely broken down, and numerous Representatives from prohibition States were recorded as opposedto the measure. So large a vote hasseldom been recorded on any measure ever before the House.A provision barring liquor advertisements from the mails in Statesthat prohibit such advertising is included in the measure, whicih came before the House as a rider to the annual postoffice appropriation bill, inserted by the Senate last week onmotion of Senator Reed by a vote of55 to 11.Some members have taken it as theiropinion that legislative measures added to the postal bill would not be efComitigAttractionsPARIS GRAND AND ALAMOFRIDAYHARRY CAREY,EDBTK JOHNSONand MARC FENTGNIN"Behindthe Lines"A military drama. AlsoEdwin Stevens, in TheAeroplane Accident,"the12th episode of '"TheYellow Menace."SATURDAY.''BLIND JUSTICE"Written, produced and featuring Benjamin Christie. A Blue Ribbon Feature"Spunk Speed," Biv V. comedy.MONDAY.Marie Doro in"THE LASH"Produced by Famous players.Helen Holmes in the best and lastepisode of "A Lass of the Lumber-lands."Hours Alamo, 2 to 5:30; Paris Grand,7 to 10:30, Admission 5 and 1 Oc.leader;family that had passed all their lives I1 u- -10' J- l- mciter,on the same farm on which they were ' evening worship, 7:15.born. In tne attendance contest betweenthe Baraca (men class) classes of theParis Baptist Sunday Scihool and theMaysville Baptist Sunday School.The firshad 459:30; morning worship, 10:45; B. Y.fective until July 1, the effective dateHERR1N.Mr. Thomas Herrin. of Paris, reThere was a good attendance and an ceived a telegram from the military nu- Paris is ahead by only twointeresting nroEram was rendered. itiinrftina nt th Sniriiora' Hnmo in Sunday of the contest ParisMrs. J. C. Leer, Jr., while prepar- J Washington, yesterday, telling him (,i ,aml Maysville 31. Last Sunday Maying to come to town from her home the death of his brother, Chas. Herrin. ville lia(1 52 an(1 Paris 40- Tne ParisMonday afternoon had her buggy de- jr Herrin had been in the United Baraca's have a flght on hand to winmolished by the horse getting loose states Arm , , H and win they will. Help us beat Mays-irom the hitching ipost before leaving . . . TT " vIHp'was a memuer oi tne u. a. Array cornsthnt cow corvino in Pnha nnri tnnr .iw Lent began Wednesday and will iling ipostthe home. Before the horse could brstopped the buggy was badly damaged.The recital given on Monday evening at the Christian church under theauspices of the Ladies Aid Society byof the appropriations it carries. Senators and Representatives who are considered authorities said that all thelegislative riders, including the Ret-1prohibition amendment undoubtedlywould become operative as soon as thoPresident has signed the measure.in all the principal engagements there continue for forty days, when the de-during the Spanish-American war. He VOUL cuurcn peopie winwjiR in tho Rnn .Tiinn win pnnmon worldly amusements andabjure allfast Wed-Uk: AW WiRnn ncc?ctp,1 hv Tl.tr nnrl in nthprs onnnllv nnto,l Af uuay was AHll weuuesuay, WHO wasFennell. of Lexington, was good and oIorp nf tlm war lm Wns hnnnrnhiv observed in all the Catholic and Epis-vell attended. Elder C. O. Cossaboom discharged, fronuthe service and, while C0Dal churches. The Linton seasonSirrri n ppH thorn tn the niiriionpp in i)u ., .... . . puris with Tnatpr whioh thio voar fnllcuiMwuuvwu w.vm w ..w vww .-.. aiittaptrcr Tt-nrn n altcrrir nfnnnri l'aAanr. .- ...,.. .uww, ... v..w j . ... i. auuviu.fa "iu c Oiibiii, .iwuuvi &,- . ..on Sunday, April, 8. The Lenten aea-,Charles I. Frohman. of Columbus,Ind., spent more than $365 to make acalendar he gave to his sister, Mis3Lillie Frohman. Frohman used a $1bill for every day of the month on hisifancy calendar, and at the top heshowed the moon changes, making themoon of a $5 gold piece.The Worst Handicapin the world is WORRY it ties a man hand and foottakes off the edge of his talents and cuts down hisability.WORRY as to what will happen to the family if anything should happen to you, will do more than "anythingelse to reduce jour earning power.LIFE INSURANCE solve the problem the day you getyour Insurance Policy, is the day you cut your fetters.LIFE INSURANCE is the only sure cure for WORRY.I The Northwestern Mutual Life iosoreoce Co.R. F. CLENDENIN, Associate General AgentSuite 201-202 First Nat'l BanK Bldg. PARIS, KY.son marks a general cessation of social affairs.The Christian Endeavor SociPtvmfffHrr' frnnS n slichtring to Elder Fennell he said tlioy ed in battle at San Juan Hill, he waswere classmates at Transvlvania Uni- transferred to the Soldiers Home atversity aiU since leaving school they Arlington, Virginia, just across them? alnn c lis on ?n tnurh with nnrh Pntnmjio Rivp.r frnm Washincrton. Thp.other. The numbers by both wero telegram to Mr. Herrin gave no partic- of the Christian church will meet inveil rendered. They were the rccini uiars. The funeral arrangements hadonts cf continued applause and re- not beeil completed last night,sponded liberally to encores. An infor- -mal reception was held at the close ofthe entertainment, to which most ev-'orvnnp. rftmnineil. and a. social tiinioc aninrml Jv -ill Mice WHenn Ofrfves promise of a bright future. ShiRENICK.Funeral services over the remainsMr. Scott Renick, of Winchester,who died suddenly in Havana, Cubais a splendid reader, one of our home last week, were held at this late homegirls of whom we are justly proud, on South Maple streat. in Winchester,and is thoroughly devoted to ther work. Tuesday afternoon at two o'cIock.the church parlors Sunday night atthe usual ihour. The subject will be"The Home Mission Boards," leader.Miss Jeanette Link. The MissionBand and the Triangle Circle will furnish the program for the C. W. B. M.meeting next Friday afternoon at2:30. This will be the annual election of officers and a full attendanceof the members is urgently requested.Mr. Fennell is also a good reader.Miss Wilson has a number of otherreadings booked for the spring An 1conducted by the Rev. William Cummins, pastor of the First Presbyterian:JLriL ZZa" IT ii" "K. "If .," - church, of Winchester. Rev. Mr. Cum-nuiiiUici, aiiu we. &iauij v;omiiiuiiu jiui . ...and endorse her work whereverjjoay go.sheHUTCHISON.mir.gs in his remarks paid a high trib 'ute to the deceased, who was one of Jtiho best-known and most popular ,men in Winchester. (After the services at the home the iMATRIMONIAL.TABB HOFFMAN.Mr. Miller Hoffman, of Mt. Sterling.. remains were interred in the family well-known insurance man, who islot in the Winchester Cemetery. A well and favorably known here, waslarge concourse of sorrowing relatives married at the home of the officiatingand friends followed the body to its minister, Rev. Mark Collis, in Lexinglast resting place, where it was plac- ton, Tuesday, to Miss Mary Vansanted beneath a canopy of beautiful flo- j Tabb, also of Mt. Sterling. The atral tributes, which attested the high tendants were Miss Hazel Grubbs. MissMr. Ennis Jordan has rented the ' esteem m which he was held in the Anna Lee Young, Messrs. R. E. TomsHugh Ferguson farm for the coming 'community. and Hunt Priest, all of Mt. Sterling,year. The active pall-bearers were: Webb The bride is the daughter of Mr..ur. iienrj iiciue ik ame to u Johnson, Reuben Franklin, W. P. 'and Mrs. I. F. Tabb, of Mt. Sterling.a severe inness oi pneu-, Hampton, Vic Bloomfield, Dwighljand is well-known and very much ad-iBowden, and W. T. Ogden. Honorary mired in Paris, where she has been 'Mr. Lee Peim is able to be out afrer a brief illness. "Mrs. Laura Wiggins is convalescent from a recent illness.Our Big Bargain Giving1 "Hgms i .v mm0AD!gCotinues Unabated,bringing you the greatest avalanche of shoebargains at a most opportune moment.REAP NOWYOUR HARVESTof our unlimited resources; our many years of merchandising knowledge;our prestige in the world's greatest shoe markets.THIS WEEKmore wonderful bargains, greater values, greatereconomies that will simply force you to buy now forfuture as well as present needs.SALEV rVr$ ) aI Gz n' Si IIN. Ford Brent, S. D.out, afterraonia."MVc "T TT! Pnrnontop ic nuiro Mlwith PTiPiiTTinnJn af lir hiniP lip.ir I pail-DearerSHutchison. jGoff, J. K. Allen, R. P. Taylor, LeviA valuable driving mare belonging Goff and J. M. Benton.to Mr. Alonzo Ginn dropped dead Mon- j Among those from Paris who attend-iday afternoonThe children of Mr. and MrsPridemore are confined to their homewith the mensles.Mr. Lee Penn lost his family driving horse this week. The horse vsi,thirty-seven yeans old.Mr. and Mrs. Frank Smart are re-1on the arri-1a frequent visitor and attendant uponthe numerous social events in the city'ssocial life. Mr. Hoffman is the son ofMr. and Mrs.' Albert Hoffman, of Mt.Sterliug, and a brother of Mr. HarryHoffman, prominently connected in incontinues quite . nigniy respected residents oi the city for a Southern bridal trio, celving congratulationsval of a fine daughter.Miss Anna Baggill at her home on thepike. A trained nurse isDer- w ,..,. -, j lowing an illness of several weeks, due-ine : saie ox it. wiiiiam v.abe yv innrmities 0f ageed the funeral and burial were Mr. an 1Mrs. B. M. Renick, Mrs. Wm. H. Renick, Mr. and Mrs. Duncan Bell, Mrs. surance circles of the State. He is a.Fanniebelle Sutherland, Mr. Clay nephew of Mrs. Charles Scott, wife ofSutherland and Mr. A. R. Dennison. Mr. Charles Scott, manager of the Lex-lington Opera House.Afttjr the wedding the bridal partyhad luncheon at the Phoenix Hotel,WOODFORD.Mrs. Mary Halleck Woodford,aged ninety, one of the oldest and mos4- after which Mr. and Mrs. Hoffman leftOn theirLexington or county, died Tuesday night at theattending i family home, on Winchester street, folwell attended Tuesday, larming implements and stock bringing goclprices.-Mr. White and family, of Muir.return they will reside at the homeof the bridegroom, in Mt. Sterling.Mrs. Woodford was the daughter ofJacob and "Lucinda Dill Halleck. Shewas born August 31, 1827, in Bourbonwill move the first ot March to his 'county, and was married in 1846 to Mr.farm near Hutcihison, which he re- j William T. Woodford, of the Northcenuy purcnasea oi jurs. tieiue ttoss Middietown vicinity. After their mar-i at Hazard,.riago Mr. and Mrs. Woodford came to 'Mitchell was:DANVILLt I-AIK WUUNU5. fcULU. j parigf where Mr Wo0(lford was fovi several years engaged in the dry goodsThe Danville fair grounds was sold business, which he gave up later, andTuesday afternoon at public auction t became a farmer.Dr. J D. Jackson for $13,325. The I Mr. and Mrs. Woodford acquired aDam 'lie Fair Association will be dis- large estate, comprising about f.20solved and it is not likely that another j acres, on which they resided for manyfair will be held there. The grounds years. Mr. Woodford died in 1889, andwill probably be cut up am used tor after his death, Mrs. Woodford purbHilding lots.Ladies' Dark Russia Calf BootsS6.00 valuesLadies7 Dull Kid High Cut Boots$4.50 valuesLadies Patent Kid Cloth Top Boots$5.00 valuesLadies' Patent and Gun Metal Shoes?3.50 valuesLadies' Gun Metal, button, 82. 50 val.Ladies' Felt Boudoirs, 1.00 valuesLadies?s Felt Juliets, fur trimmed1.50 values .$3,692.491.991.69.4979Men's Russia and Platinum Calf Walk-Overand Beacon, S4.50 values $3.49Men's Russia and Plat. Calf English WalkOver Samples, 6.00 values $4,00Men's Gun Metal English Medium Toe Welts,$4.00 values $2.99Men's Gun Metal Button and LaceS3.00 values i .99Men's Tan and Black Romeos$1.50 values 99Men's Black Felt Slippers75-cent values 49chased the home on Winchester street, 'b. MarshBIRTHS.To the wife of Mr. Lewis Mitchell,Ky., a daughter. Mrs.formerly Miss NancyNapier, of near Paris.To the wife of Mr. Henry Chism,residing on Cypress street, in thiscity, a daughter, Mr. Chism is connected with the Louisville & Nashville.To the wife of Mr. Harry Marsh,yesterday, at Massie Hospital, a fine8-pound boy Lew Nick Marsh namedfor his grandparents, Mr. and Mrs. B.Ladies' Dawn Grey Kid, Also Mahogany Tan, Most Fashionable Boots at AlmostONE-HALF THE PRICE YOU PAY ELSEWHEREBoys', Misses and Children's Shoes at Great Bargain Prices.FROM THEMacDonald-KHey Bankrupt SaleMen's High Grade M. & K. $10.00 and $12.00 ShoesVarsity Shoes AA to DON SALE MERE AT ONE-HALE PRICEDAN C0MEN335 Main Street, Paris, Ky.Paris' Greatest Shoe Store.r:JN