THE BOURBON NEWSPUBLISHED EVERY TUESDAY AND FRIDAY IN THE YEAR,vJ vVOLUME XXXVI.PARIS, BOURBON COUNTY, KENTUCKY, TUESDAY, MARCH 20, 1917.U. S. Ships SunkWithout WarningMASS MEETING TOEETING TO CON- O nSIDER STREET QUESTION OUpFeilie lOUrtTOBACCO MARKETS.Are you interested in the question!of having the streets of Parisdurably 1and permanently paved, so that they ,j iLi cxv,v;uiuiii'juul uie large amount ot iu -i m T I t traffic, and at the same time be saniMerchant vessels iorpe-tary?dj i " C ! If you are' if you feel that your Pres-Oed by Uerman dUbma- euce can he of help, attend the massmeeting ot tne citizens of Paris, toLe held at the court house, on Fridayevening, March 23. Every citizen ofParis, man or woman, is urgently invited to attend this meeting, at which j. , . , , tne question ot pavmg the principalSinking of the American steamships thn-oughfares of Paris with eitherUpholds TheAdamson Law.Strilse ivines Slate of WarNowExists, it is Declared.City of Memphis, Illinois and Vigilannn was announced Sunday. Fourteenuon from the Vigilancia are missingsts are some of the men of the City ofMemphis. The crew of the Illinoisvras lauded safely.The Vigilancia was torpedoed with-The tobacco season, which closed inthis city with the sales at the BourbonTobacco Warehouse last week, wasone of the most successful ones thecounty has ever known. This housesold during the season a total ofrv t rri c029780 pounds of tobacco, whichDeclared Off: lirouSht a total of ?1,109,655.07, a sea-Tv . I -j , -n average ol :?ib.4U a nunuredKailroad llmpiOyeeS Isaill Pounds, an average that will not behU n l surpassed by any other market inAil lemandS. i Central Kentucky.I The local houses have been anmlv'able to take care of the crops, havinglarge floor space and every other necessary equipment, besides a thoroughly competent oflice force to conductthe large amount of business necessary in transactions with the dealersand handlers.5iWE KNOW HWADVANCE SHOWINGOf JohnB. Stetson Spring Stylesin Soft and StiffThe Adamson eight-hour law washeld consitutional in all respects yesterday at Washington by the UnitedStates Supreme Court. The decisionn-.akes eight hours the standard of aday's work, and wages for men in thevital interest.MEN ANDMILLIONSMOVEMENTIN PARIS.oat warning, me submarine did not They urge everyone to attend, as thisxppear. The captain, first and second subject has become one of the mosfmates, first, second and third engineers and twenty-three men of thenT linri liaan lnrtf)nl ilA CS11vjv," "ail- utcu lauucu U.U LUC OUlliyIslands. The fourth engineer and thirteen men are missing. The above mejm Umt therfeThe City of Memphis, in. ballast from js a campaign on for men and millionsCardiff for New York, was sunk by for war purposes, but applies to thesunfire. The second officer and fifteen religious movment which has been reien of the crew have been landed. A cently inaugurated in Kentucky. Atpatrol boat has gone in search of .the Christian church in this city Sun-other members of the crew.the night the boats became separatedbrick or asphalt, will be discussed, andrf'"oissed in a way that all can understand. The meeting will be held! under themicninoc rtf fha Pnrio PnmTnnni'ni ni..u-wr..U .V .LUllO UUlUUlCHlttl VylUkl, N.I fl A J "I . .. ...The call has been issued by the presi- c'aLiU" ut l3 anu legalizes tne m-.dent of the Club. Mr. fiateshv P5nPnr crease which went into tentative ef-feet on its passage. The immediate uiun WAKmiuubtJ fkiday.temporary increases won by the rail MAltCH 16.road employes affect 400,000 trainmen. The Bourbon Tobacco Warehouse 'as of January 1, and are estimated to Oompany closed a very successful seatotal between $40 000, 000 and $50,000.- son Friday, when they sold 26,930000. The decision was rendered hv a Pounds of tobacco for ?4,S27.79; an av5 to 4 vote of the Justices.dent of the Club, Mr. Catesby Spearsand the secretary, Mr. Rudolph DavisHATSVLocal Agent W. V. Shaw received anofficial order yesterday from head-quarters of the Louisville & Nashville. 'raising the embargo on freight receipts Ianderage of $17.92 a hundredThis house sold the past season6,029,780 pounds of tobacco for$1,109,655.07, a season average of$18.40 a hundred, an average that willnot be surpassed in the State. !A meeting of the directors will be 2shipments, which had been in ef-'held in the office of the Paris TobaccoDuring I day tne resular hour of worship was feet since last Thursday on that road i Warehouse, Saturday afternoon, Marchlarated f?Ven TeLS?. the Presenta"on of the During that time all freight had been ".-at 3 o'clock, at which time the bus-d at 4 o'clock Sunday morning three wc "S ',u7 l?.. "Y, ,, XLZ received subject to delay and loss and .lub J? "l " Z '" JL5 Ii.rnmuoat crews were picked up by a patrol paigning in this State. Those presentvessel and landed. The boats contain- j ing the work were A. E. Corey, Dr.ed thirty-three men, mostly Ameri-lRoyal J. Dye, Grant K Lewis andcans. All of the officers were Ameri-1 President R, H. Crossfield, of thecans. Tne officers believed that the ; J ran5 lvama universitydamage due to delay. On account ofthe high water at Cincinnati no shipments of cattle are being received heredestined for the Union Stock Yards.other boats will be rescued. TheIllinois, from London for Port Arthur.Tex., in ballast, was sunk at S o'clockSunday morning.With the announcement of the ruthless destruction of three unarmedAmerican merchantmen by submarines it was unofficially admitted inWashington that virtually a state ofvar exists between the United Statesand Germany.Technically the United States remains in a postition of armed neutrality. Whether this shall be changed before April 16, the date fixed for asocial session of Congress, the warnaking branch of the government,President Wilson has not decided.One step the President is contemplating is a call for an immediate session of Congress to hear an addressasking for the authority to adopt agressive measures against the submarine menace. Already American shipsare bing armed to defend themselves:the next movement must be to sendvarsbSps with orders 'to seek out submarines and clear the transatlanticlane.Of the three snips destroyed, two otthem were unloaded and homewardbound, and all were American-built,American-owned and officered andmanned largely by American citizensMeager dispatches indicate that allwere sunk with complete disregard forthe safety of those on board, and thatsome of the members of crews mayhave been losLThe developments brought the government face to face with the problemof formulating a definite policythe nation in case the United Statesactually enters the war.I Impassioned addresses setting forththe objects of the movement weremade by the speakers, and the addresses had a wonderful influence oni the audience. No appeal was made formoney, but rather for a fuller consecrat'on of the lives of men and womento the cause of Christianity and tomissions.A meeting along the same lines washeld at the church last night for thevoung people of the congregation between the ages of fifteen and twentvflve. At the conclusion of the meetinga banquet was spread for them in thechurch parlors, when a number of addresses were made.Some crap averages of Friday's salefollows :Grant Galloway sold 2,275 pounds,.average $21.16.I Caldwell & Thompson sold 2,375Hiuunuo, utbiugc yjj.uiERY exclusive styles in Stetsons, that only theirexclusive agents can display tothe trade. Featherweight, soft, broad brims and medium crowns,all the new colors olive greens, pea greens, pearls,straw color, light and dark shades of tan. There is noother hat made that gives the same service and satisfaction to a customer as Stetson Hats. Some merchantsrr.ay try to convince you otherwise, but do not be deceived.w Let Your Spring Hat Be a Stetson$4 and $5 -Our $3.50 Special Hat you will find to be very serviceable and nobby.sold 4,195 1 2The Conference Committee of Rail-1 Allen & Shropshireroad Managers yesterday authorized j pounds, average $19.03.r resident Wilson's mediators to make I Redraon & Mattox sold 3,110 poundswhatever arrangements were neces-. average $ls.5bBETTER COME THIS WEEKsary with the railroad brotherhoods tocall off the threatened stirke. At12:45 Monday morning an official ofthe Conference Committee announcedthat the strike was off. SecretaryLane issued this statement: Regardless of the decision of the UnitedStates Supreme Court on Uie Adamsonlaw the basic eight-hour day will gointo effect.Locally the threatened strike hadvery little to disturb Paris, as it didnot create more than a ripple on thesurface. There had been some talk ofAnd arrange to have your order for -Placing guards around the Louisvillecc iNasuvuie rauroau property ui uiitspoint, but, after a conference, it wasdecided. JLhat there was no necessityfor such a move.your Easter suit.annoying delaysIt will possibly saverJ. W. DAVIS & CO.PAYSTRIBUTE TOBOURBON'SCANDIDATEThe Winchester Daily Sun, edited byMr. Carl C. Robbins, a former Bourbonite, in its issue of Friday, pays the jfollowing tribute to Hon. Claude M.Thomas, of Bourbon:"Hon. Claude M. Thomas, of Bourbon County, has announced his candidacy for the Democratic nominationfor Representative of that county. Theannouncement of Mr. Thomas comesafter urgent requests have been madeby a large number of Democrats ofhis home county for him to make thrace for the seat in the lower houseTHE KRESS COMPANYTO BUILD THIS SEASON.THE NEWS has information from aperfectly trustworthy and reliablesouce to the effect that the KressCompany, which owns the old Baptist church lot at the corner of Mainand Sixth streets, is making preparations to build on Uie lot this spring, oras soon as there Is a return to goodweather. ,According to our informant, theKress Co. has had plans for a two andone-half story brick and stone buildingdrawn by a prominent New York architect, who some time ago, had been furnished (photographs, measurementsthe new structure one of thehandsomest in the city. It will haveWASHINGTON, Mar. 19. Reports ofpreparations for a dash to sea by eleven war-bound German ships at SantoHosalia, Lower California, in the eventof war between Germany and theUnited States, have been received atthe State and Navy Departments andof the Legislature"Mr. Thomas is well known to the and preliminary sketches of the lotor (people of Clark and is as popular here and its surroundings. It is proposed tops hP. is in his home county. He rep- maeThis possibii- j resented this district in the State Senot Hid roar arr rvuriTur tn tllO dfinp Orthe Democratic nomination ror uon incline of the street at that point, butgress from the Ashalnd district. The wjjj De wo stories above the groundmanner in which he championed the -witli entrances from both the MainMBp nf thft Countv Unit Law is stiU street and Sixth street sides. Our in-fresh in the minds of the people and formant stated that he had talked withn,n,irrti liic nffnrts in its behalf he' " , .. ,.. jr , .. ,ity was mentioned by Uie President in ate and on two occasions has sought ? r Jiacucu uj uau. - --i.jb inaugural auuress, luarcu o.Hedges & Faulknerpounds, average ?17.14.Keller & Taj'lor sold 6,675 pounds,sold 2,115'average ?17.06.Andrew Reffett soKl 2,820average ?17.01. 'Wasson & Berry sold 2,795average ?16.52.ft!nrmnrlt: IJSV.MA..V.W,poundsThe Independent House sold a toalfor the short season it has been in existence of 2,154,690 pounds of tobaccofor a total of ?395,672.12, a season average of $18.36NO MEETING OF K. OF P.toIft::ettteton Spring ShoesAre now ready for your inspection. Light weight Russiaand Tan Calf, -Vici Kids and Calf. Both in High Cutsand Oxfords. The sensible and serviceable shoes for men.On.jjLecount oi the Paris Lodge Kof Pattending the District Meeting inCynthiana on Thursday night, therewill be no meetng here at Castle Hall.PlilClGllIBlatemoieStetson Hats Manhattan Shirts Neitletcn ShoesWWWwWWVftftfft !myStore'iwites Parisand Smost foremost citizen-farmers andtoy the French and British embassies.rTM,. -4--kx-irf P Vfcrt TTrtiforl Qfqfac tn . LV Ssuch a dash is, at present, purely pa,-'statesmen and to have i among,sive as the ships are not in an Ameri-, the la?-makeram port and this government has no would be a credit to our neighboiingjurisdiction over them. The allied county."vernment undoubtedly look to the jprevent thea contractor wno uau seen a copy otuirougu his, "; '" .mnonoe the plans, and that they show a buildendeared himself to the temperance L" p rnsimmt to thepeople of this Senatorial district."Mr. Thomas is one of Bourbon coun.ing which will be an ornament to thecitv in every way.The old corner has ueen an eyesorefor many years, and it is with greaTrelief and joy that the: people of Parislearn it is to be "done over" at least.ys t Come Inee the "New Things"For Spring Wearthemselves totheMexican srovernment toGerman shins takincr to sea as com- alone, and pledgedraerce raiders. Japanese warships, on daily construction,wriiiftli have been conducting practical- In response to an appealK- nil nxvar-itinns in the Northern At-' na triotism by Secretary Daniels,ntic for tlie allies, probably would major ship builders have agreed to ac-fce called on to look after them. cept 10 per cent, net profit on the bat-tie cruisers, whose cost will representin cPf,P about $9,000,000 of the total sum in-.tt. IILLU. uai.uat the Philadel-TOBACCO COTTONAll grades, at Harry Simon's(2mar-tf)to their i TRACTION COMPANY MAKINGi1 -ii ' itary1IT A O tT T TP fp AT TlCrTnllAom:vxiun, " . " . ,rrtlTro1 in th contractDaniels is considering the afl-,,Ui w . ,,. cruiser will be builtnsamuty or seeing uie jpen,im - . , t , therelation offlcia 3 u:i'nM nf lDrivate established managing editorfs to prevent pun- "" ".operation of press association officialsMcation of military information relating to the arming and sailing of American merchant craft. A conferencevrith. the New York editors, includingjiossibly those of Philadelphia, Baltimore and Boston, may be arranged.ments.WASHINGTON, D. C, MarchIn preparation for any demand uponfho nrmv that mav STOW OUt Of theGerman crisis the Military Board ofthe War Department has sent precautionary instructions to all StateAdjutant Generals outlining the planto be followed in the event of thecalling out of the National Guard forFederal service.EXTENSIVE IMPROVEMENTS.' The Kentucky Traction & TerminalComnanv has let contracts for a number of improvements in its propertythat will eventually be of benefit to thenatrons of the lines. The companyhas closed a contract with the CombsLumber Company at Lexington forconstruction work at the new powerhouse for installing a 4,00 K. W. turIbine and auxiliaries, condenser andj switchboard These improvementsBERNE. SWITZERLAND, March 19. will cost about ?125,000. The new gen(via Paris ) The -crews of armed erator will increase tne capacity ol uwLu,,,, mprchantmen who venture power house about ninety per centrnrfupoT submarines be- ei.fore a state of war exists between Ger- ."f Itollation of the new machinmanv and the United States must ex- .,, finahia the Traction Comnanv19- pect to meet the fate of Captaln'Fry- t0 fumfe a larger amount of currentatt, warns the Muencnner iNeue&Le for their traction ana city lines, anuNachrighten, a copy of which has will be in the nature of an emergencyreached Berne, in commenting on the plant should a break occur.announcement of the State Depart-,ment that American mercnantmerwill be armed.S:HE APPAREL NEEDS of Paris Boys have been carefully provided forhere in our store, where any boy can be outfitted in the best of taste.Mothers will find our store a delightful and economical place to make selections for their boys. Large stocks have been assembled everything incomplete readiness for Spring. Suits, Hats, Caps and Furnishings for Boys.Walsh's Suits FirstThe Walsh Suit stands first among quality for boys. The styles show popular belt and pinch back models, and they are tailored to fit well. Worsteds,Cashmeres and Scotches in a new variety of patterns and color effects. Alsowill be found the Extra-Pant Suits in these new fabric and patterns. Every boywill like our Suits. Splendid qualities every garment an exceptional value atits price.$5.00 to $12.50Manhattan ShirtsREPORT OF HUGHES SALE.! Auctioneer M. P. Kenney makes thefollowing report of the Oscar HedgesT.nvrnN. March 19. Fifteen menfrom the American steamer, the Vilgii- sale held on the premises near Paris.19. Con- anca, sunk, by the German submarine last Saturday: Cows, ?48 to ?81 perreported as missing. Tne ;-u. u -. - - - - -learned that the sub- 9?. " .V 7liVeULJ-UVB t;IH.O y3i yju.u.x, oiucuibh..A wonderful variety of patterns in the new weaves await the men folks.Stiff and soft turn-back cuffs in Madras, Silks and Silk Mixtures, in patterns thatwill brighten your dress. We will assist you in making early selections.WASHINGTON, Marchtracts for what is believed to be the are nowlnrirocf cino-io order for fbzhting craft "ttmhassy hasever given by any nation have been marine fired two torpedoes at the Mg- twenty.five cents per pound; shoulders,placed by the Navy Department, Pri- iianica, the first one missing the ship twentjr cerLt8 per pound. Farming im?ate bnildens have undertaken to turn by a considerable distance, and follow- piem(Mits and household goods soldvMtfnr nemir rf immediately Dy auouiu, nmuu weu. j ina twjuuuiw w 5mm.Ht fnar treat crullers,$112,0,000 for fcttlis and mscWatiy found its mark.deipifie theraiu.weitnerR. P. WALSHMain and Seventh ONE-PRICE STORE Paris, KentuckyyQiPAGE TWOTHE BOURBON NEWS, PARIS, KY.TUESDAY, MARCH 2, 1517.The Bouirbon NewsEstablished 1881 35 Years of Continuous Publication.the highway, it offends ,by being outof place, and it does not help to sellgoods.blished Every Tuesday and Friday.e Year $2.00 Six Months. .$1.00Payable in Advance.Loafing -in College.Dr. T. M. Balliet, dean of the pedagogy school of New York University, 'told the National Educational Associa,MILLERSBURGEAT WJTHOUT FEAROF INDIGESTION OR ;:'!'& fll 1 1 III t 111 HI 1 II 11 1 1 i-tl lllinmi WfH !SOUR, c ID .STOMACH y " 'ifc4Instant Relief! Pape's. Diapepsin'Ends -Your Stomach Dis-'tress. Try It!Con. C. M. Best was in Cincinnati,Sunday and Monday.Miss Mnrirnrp.t- "R. ninrfrp ip- i Wonder what upset your stomachtion a few days ago that present dar Tlmrsday for a business trip East. which portion of the food did the5-1VIFT CHAMP, Editor and Owner, college terms are "four years of loaf- Mrs. Mclntyre, of Simpsonville, is damage do you? Well, don't bother.ing.'This agrees with an article by a the guest of Mesdames S. H. Endicott If your stomach is in a revolt; if sick.(Entered at the Paris, Kentucky, colege undergraduate recently printed and D. M. Kurst. gassy and upset, and what you just atePostoifice as Mail Matter of the in The Outlook, which savs college Mr. and Mrs. Clyde ilice, of Hutch- nas iermeiueu anu turneu sour; neaaSecond Class.)Any erroneous reflection upon thecourses are so easv that students slip n, were guests of Mr. and Mrs. F. E. .dizzy and aches; belch gases and acidstin-nun with mti wrir Peterson, Friday and Saturday. and eructate undigested food; breaththrough with little worki et many students, apparently percharacter, standing or reputation of ,. . " , , ' . . .tv nor5,n r. Z. oh whinii fectlv truthiul, say they have to workmay appear in the colujnns of THEBOURBON NEWS will be gladly cor-hard to pass tests and keep out ofconditions. The parent looking for areoted if brought to attention of the good college for his boy or girl feelseditor. puzzled to know which point of viewis correct.ADVERTISING RATES i The briSht student may get the sub-'stance of a lesson in ten minutes,Disnlav Advertisements. S1.00 ner over which the duller fellow wouldQuite a number of our younc men foul, tongue coated just take a lit-attended a dance at Carlisle, Friday tie Pape's Diapepsin to help neutralizenight, most of them taking in the re- acidity and in five minutes you wonderccption at the M. C. first. ,what became of the indigestion andMrs. R. C. Bonar and daughters, distress.Misses Louise and Dorothy Bsnar, Millions of men and women to-daywere guests of relatives at Falmouth, know that it is needless to have dysfrom Friday until Monday. ,pepsia. A little Diapepsin occasional-' Born, on Friday, to Mr. and Mrs. ly keeps the stomach sweetened andGano Duncan, a son. On Saturday, to they eat their favorite foods withoutElder and Mrs. C. O. vossaboom, a son, fear.Inch for first time; 50 cents per incheach subsequent insertion.Reading Notices, 10 cents per lineeach issue; reading notices in blacktype, 20 cents per line, each issue.Cards of thanks, calls on candidates, obituaries and resolutions, andsimilar matter, 10 cents per line.Special rates for large advertisements and yearly contracts.The right of publisher is reservedto decline any advertisement or otherEdwin Cossa-first born, christenedwork an hour. By dodging studies boom.like mathematics and the classic Ian- Mrs. A. S. Best, Misses Olive Fishguages, which call for steady grind, er and Mary Louise Bruce have returnmany Ions hours are saved. d from Ft. Thomas, where they attended tne Missionary convention oi.the M. E. Church, South.If your stomach doesn't take care ofyour liberal limit without rebellion; ifyour food is a damage instead of ahelp, remember the quickest, surest,most harmless relief is Pape's Diapepsin, which costs only fifty cents for ai large case at drug stores. It's trulyWith ten minutes hurried reading of,..., ' it . , . ' Miss Florence Yimont remains wonderful it stops fermentation andment, .political economy, the student very much the same Mr. j G Alien 'acidity and sets tilings straight, sowith ready wjt and lacile speech is some better. Mr. R. L. Powell is gently and easily that it is really asmight make a far better showing than able to be out again, though not able t tonishing. (adv)the slow tongued grind. to resume his duties at the store.mi jr i lit il ! i: ' T T f1 PtlflnmiHi Vino vonfnil I ..ine irequem cases ime mese mui- xvev. iv. v,. uuiuowuu o xvei; .judging trom title average sermon.a . . . ... I -.-w . - .,..- - -,, r , il Mllf.llIU llfllll IMir. a-LVr-l rij t "Tmatter for publication. t ihn f-inn.. r mnnv oiopf.vo the nronerty of Dr. W. M. Miller, on i,in,.0rori nntro.iovc tim ri,in;- ic nnAnnrmnoomontis fnr nnlifirpl rfTirr " -nt:i, i.. ,1-::.,;.,, tUn Unmn i-f tt. i . J . v .must invariablytJie cash.be accompanied byThe educator "with scholastic tastes injh treet' ad-Jinin& the home of M:ANNOUNCEMENT.tmay think each student is selectingthe course that accords best with hisown needs and gifts. But probably themajority of students pick the easyI courses.i A college should not be satisfiedJ. C. Leer, and he and his wife willmove to it from Owenton in the nearfuture.Mr. and Mrs. Bailes DeBelle, ofEwing, were guests of their daughter,Mrs. Mabel Courtney, enroute to theirhome, after a visit to their eldertured some of our best politicalher.tim-Wp are. authorized to announce thogood 'Democrats below as candidiates " ts v-ork unless careful thought jdaugl;ter Mrs. Ge0rge Jeffrys, at Lexat the Democratic primary on August is given to each individual student. ington.4, iiy, to mi me onices to wnicn it ne is supping aiong on easy courses,theyaspire:FOR STATE SENATORLEE W. WAINSCOTT,Clark County.GEORGE HON,Clark County.A BR AM RBNICK,Clark County.FOR REPRESENTATIVE.C. M. THOMASthe authorities need to hand out some John Jones, colored, who has beenreal intellectual wood-pile for him to at St. Joseph s Hospital, Lexington, forsaw and split. Few parents send 'f ral weeks, was brought homeA. . . , dav night. He was chauffeur for Dr.their boys to school to spend ,y; G Dailcv and was seriously injurtlieir time with their feet on ed iu an automobile accident severalithe piazza rail of fraternity houses, oi 'weeks agoeating and sleeping on the ball iRevtractcdUSE JUDGMENT!Go easy, boy. A lot of handsomewomen are not so blamed handsomeafter you look them over a dozentimes. And a lot of the homely women are not so blamed homely afteryou get used to them.YOU NEED A SPRING LAXATIVE.eating; groundFOR SHERIFF.WILL G. McCLINTOCK,TjUi Doe Marshall and Bob Gilkoydeputies.L. A. SOPER,W5tk D. E. Clarke and Las deputies.Dr. King's New Life Pills will remove the accumulated wastes of win-jter from your intestines, the burdenA. S. Venable began a pro- oi the blood. Get that sluggish springmeeting at tjie Presbyterian 'ieeling out of your system, brightenchurch Sunday, assisted by Rev. Wil-'your eye, clear your complexion. Gotson. Evangelist of the Ebenezer Pres- that vim and snap of good purifie-ibytery. The meeting will continue i healthy blood. Dr. King's New LifeTHE NEWS has been asked several through the week. Services every af-j Pills are a non-griping laxative tharNO MORE FREE SEED.times by interestedasaids nature's process. Try them tonight. At all druggists, 25c.(adv-mar)FOR COUNTY ATTORNEYDAVID D. CLTNE.parties as to ternoon at 2:30; evening 7:30.vlipthfr nr iinf fhr rlictrihiitinn rf mr. I'den seeds wouid be kept up by "the ! Miss Lucy Jones sang at the Methfinvprnmpnt. nd winner the Pi.,n. ( ooist Church Sunday morning, to ther AWri- ii i 'delight of all who heard her. Miss I a steamship wreck in Scotland was jC. Ashcra.t gressmen would continue their time Jons ,s tadng a special . in theP batterv n a sailor.?honored privilege of sending seeds to voice at the Cincinnati School ofip0cket electric lamp," which was said iuieir consuiueuxs. we uave leanieu . ATiisie. .inri is showinc marked lm- tn hnvo n rrr tiri Mm onmnnSPRINGOPENINGEvery Woman Who is Interested in Seeing theNew Styles For Spring is Cordially invited to Attend Our Remarkable Style Show, which 'fakes PlaceMonday, Tuesday, WednesdayMarch 19th, 20th and2 1stThe newest, finest and most favored styles in Gowjis,Wraps, Tailored Suits. Dressy Suits, Coats, Sport Clothes,Blouses, Millinery, Skirts, Sweaters, Petticoats, Silks,Dress Goods, Children's Coats and Dresses, and Personal tFurnishings and Accessories, will be impressively dis-played so that you may gain a full knowledge of what areto be the correct fashions for the approaching SpringSeason in Women's and Children's Wear,-(COUNTY SUPERINTENDENTSCHOOLS.J. B. CAYWOOD.MISS MABEL ROBBINS,OFFOR JAILERGEO. W. JUDY,THOS. TAUL,JOHN H. DOTY,WALKER RISER,C. T. MASTERSON,W. O. BUTLER,JOHN W. KING.J. W. HART.i FOR ASSESSORWALTER CLARK.Df Paris, with Jno. J Reunion, of NorthMickiletown, as deputy.Are you a bad back victim?Suffer twinges ; headaches,spells?Go to bed tired get up tired?GEO. D. SPEAKES,of Paris. wKh Le R. Craven, of Little , kidneysis,' upon reliable authority that, since the ' nrovement. She returned to her duhome gardening movement began (ties at Cincinnati, Monday.throughout the country as a means of , T, annual Senior and Junior r(?.J meeting the increased cost of food, the ception of the M. C. was held FridayDepartment of Agriculture has beer ( evening from 8 to 11. It was one ofswampted with hundreds of thousands 'the events that has been looked for-of requests lor free seed. Officials of ward to for for a number of weeks.Department have informed us that, The young ladies, as well as many ofthere will bo no further free distribu the visiting ladies, were handsomelytlon of free seed to the general pub-!Swned for tne occasion Flowersj. jwere in greater profusion than in any!of the Dast receptions. The floral dec !'orations were elaborate, and everything as far as possible was carried'out emblematical of St. Patrick's Day,as were also the souvenirs. Hie receiving line, which was long, was stationed in the drawing room, with DrC. C. Fisher at its head. The orches-dizzy i tra was stationed iu the rear of the 1 1iront nan, anu sweet iuusiu vm ukpensed during the entire eveningA clean face and clean hands makethe hours brighter.IT'S SURPRISINGThat So Many Paris People Fail! Recognize Kidney Weakness.ToMaKhnwfieqinstoctKiTdl.no seehowyouar-G jixedforcoal!uo to oeu urea get up ureu ; i""-" " " ;-- -----It's surprising how few suspect the There were more than tour hundreddnevs j invitations out, most ot which were ra jRock, at Dojmty.FORJAMES II.the surroundingMAYORMORELAND.Tf'o ciiT-rric?nir lirrv fou- Vnn wlinf SPOnueQ tO. All OLfjQ towns were represented, the floorKidney trouble needs kidney trea-isPace was crowueu, anu guebta iuovumentFOR POLICE JUDGECLAUDE R REDMON,J. W. BROWN.P. A. THOMPSONHARRY L. MITCHELLERNEST MARTIN1 Doan's Kidney Pills are for the kidneys only.1 Have convinced Paris people of theirn.crit.Here's a Paris case; Paris testimony.from room to room with difficulty.Merriment was continuous from thetime the first guest arrived until thelast departed. The inclement weatherdid not deter the crowd. The diningroom was a thing of beauty, and thedecorations were artistically arranged.iEDITORIAL MUSINGS.-Painting the Roadsides.Kidnev sufferers hereabouts shouli Cut flowers and (potted plants were inrea(j jt evidence everywnere. ine reiresuMrs. Chas. McCord. S. Pleasant St.. ments consisted of individual cakesParis, says: "I have ued Doan's Kid-!rolded lce lilies and mints. It to?nv Piii n H?ffamr,t ncinn ptone of the most pleasant receptionstine them from Oberdorfer's Drug ever ueld L1 !-he col.le6eStrkY-o nnrl I liavo fminH fhom i erklon ailU. .HTS,did medicine. Whenever my kidneys are to be congratulated for the manhave bo?n irregular in action or when , ner conducting it.my uacK nas been weak ana lame, lDlON'T letsustereMarch annov vou an v.the cold,rronth ofBuyThe classesFisher, wlio was in charge,have always found that a box or so ofDoan's Kidney Pills proves sufficientirt rtiir-n tA nP tVli nttnnl-About this time of year many mer-j Price 50 centSf at aU 'aeBLleT8m Don'fcfthante used to be organizing cam-.simply ask for a kidney remedy getjmigns for decorating (?) the road-'Doan's Kidney Pills the same thatsides for many miles around with their I Mrs. McCord had. Foster-MilbumadTertising. As soon as the spring i Co., Props., Buffalo, N. Y. (adv)mud had dried out, they had theirtexns and men out erecting and painting signboards along the country highways.HUTCHISON.$Very much less of this sort of"work will be done the coming springMrs. Quincy Burgess was a visitorin Lexington, Thursday.Hutchison now lias three stores,paving all doing a thriving business.Mr. M. R. Jacoby, who has beenseriouslv ill, is somewhat better.AMERICAN AIR FLEET BEGUN I Miss". Emma Jacoby and Mrs. ClydjRice are the guests of friends at LexGood intentions are thestones on which many a man slips upThf Knvv is nnw rpopivinc Virli f- inptnnrfT "ml VYT I r-ftH4 inc if ItArt nl-Anvin1 nlin I . ..a H.ca xl xiao slujcu anu- the construction of a monster Zep,pe- Mrs. Herbert Carnck ana son,setter. The merchants found out that Un.iype dirigible to be built at a cost Forest, have returned from a visit toit did not have advertising value, and aT)T)rovimatine- half a million dnlHr .friends at Winchester,they were spending their good money ?fP " fTm -nn L , a A Mr. Ennis Jordan purchased fromfor nothing , It is to be fully oOO leet long and equal !Mr Wright Mondayt at Lexington, aOne objection to this outdoor adver-t0 any f the monsters now in service , five-year-old Shetland pony,tiring fMt it XnTtoZS in the EuroPean war zone. Orders' Mr. victor Snell will close out hisfi. S V detsced have also been iven for 200 smaller stock f ds here on Saturday.nd shabby. Even a neatly painted ornniin ,.occoic iMin. io MnH, oi nt. mihifo. auction.4m if nvnn.n,l 4n o ; A J..nl ubu . vjv,. invuuiub uij;iuuv,d, - , rZaY WBru - 1UIV "uu uuaw triplanes and smaller dirigibles, mostoula; look ancient in. a single season, i , . v. , T i. , A7,7.1 . . .. lof which are to be completed at anIt Twould convey an appearance of dm-1 . , . , . . , ,,rinr tht ,,, Toff Lni oaiJ.1 date as a beginning to the aer-Sng for the store that erected it Boys 0nautic .flf which is to be placed on M Lf Miiiersburg, spent the week-endould use it as a target and jokers !a par th otller world powers in thlsjwith his parents, Mr. and Mrs. Tom-would take paint and alter over words lamiui, at uieir nvmv uwi oua wuuu.4t, v,r - I M-rs- M. E. Carpenter ana sister,nrJt ; . u. ,. 4 ,, RANK FOOLISHNESS.Tm most serious objection to thesesigns .-was the public animosity thac'j You occasionally see it stated thatthey created In many States legisla- j colds do not.-result from cold weather.tioo has been enacted against them. This is rank foolishness. Were it3n others various associations have!kue colds would be as prevalent intaken the matter up, and have made it midsummer as in midwinter. Thea buesiness to wreck roadside signs, t micr,obe that causes colds flourishes,A !,, !,,,,. .o, ,.,:!.., i.-.;m damp, cold weather. To get ridconfident that they were within thei.- of a teke Ghamberlain's CoughX-Ci.l ngllUs. M?PTTiP(lv Tf 15 pffppliml nnrl ic iicrViiv,liic nmo in rinvtnn C nftor---.v.. J. ..w -w .Vww. ..v ,. .1., i.i, 1XW.UU . lJ K.V.., W, -.Mrs. Theo. Berkley and daughter,Lillian, have returneu to their homeafter a visit to friends at Lexington.Mr. Byron Smith, a student at M,Miss Anna Bagg, have recovered froma recent illness. The trained nursewho has been attending them, hasgone home.Mrs. Robert Bell is now teachingthe Dudley school, Miss Carolyn Wat-kins, the regular teacher, having resigned and returned to her home atLexington.Mr. Willis Jacoby has returned toa mos!a ton. of the coal we're selling arcl snrid Winter on hisway. Fur ward, March!Gt the dependable ''HotStuff,"FOXRIDGE:W. C. D0DS0NI 24An Elaborate Program of Fashion EntertainmentHas Been Completely Arranged for YourParticular Style Guidance.Select Musical Concerts Tuesday Morning and AfternoonDo you fully realize the importance of this SpringOpening Event and what it means to you? Your attendance will not only proclaim you as one of the style leaders, but it will give you the opportunity to see the newestof the favored fashions in what will long be rememberedas the most remarkable Style Performance ever attempted. In no other way could you possibly gain such a complete knowledge of what will be the most fashionablethings to wear.We again invite you to attend our wonderful opening.All are welcome.Elaborate Floral Decorations.Wolf, Wile & Co.Lexington, Kentucky.tAt-5A:U-VrftA.t..TT.tTi.T..T.,T..T..UT..Ti.T..fc.li.T..fc.IMTwTMIi.TMT..T..T..T,J...lj.lj.j..j.. j..j.fr.j.j. fr fr j J j! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ' ! ! ! ! & ! ! ! ! . ; .t. ! ; .f.. 41 .y. ,x ! ! ! ! ! !VULCAN 3Er PLOWSI !ie Vulcan Plow Co., Ewrme, w. j ;V EromSatf-srri- , JTTf XWHv Tr " AM,I -7z r-sasr ; tV .j ---rssrfaVtXes?00-?!1 1f IYou Don't Have toStoopIf You Use aGarlandCabinetRange3i v?fc,i ,to"- 5 v5a "rc-1r?:irsLi; :ii-'j'-ri-r--sfs-tsi-. SaWell Finished, Strong Durable, Light Draft.Rib Strengthened Mold, Full Chilled Shinpiece, InterlockedPoint, Land and Standard. Point has Face Ch-13, Wide EdgeChill, Long Snoot Chill, Patented Extension and is theSTRONGEST and MOST DURABLE Chilled Poinfcmade.Whw buying a Plow, consider Quality First, Price SecondFOR SALE BY1HG Simple iaCL IS tnaL liie peODlf rfrnmmpndPfl hv npnnlp -wVin invninlo5cant vicit in hicj TinrpntQ Mr nnflr J ., . . Mrs. George Jacoby, at their home on.ieCaced by advertising. When they ' cuired, and know its real value. 01-J the Paris pike.co mtside of the towns, they like to i tamable everywhere.see country scenes and open air life,aad -want to forget ajwut business.Tlie ginbo&rd is a reminder of commercialism. If erected on a man'sjrface of basiness, it would not be objected to, if neatly done. Placed onWhen all run down youmothing more on tick.Candv is iroinsr unK but the manufacturers can get around the high price11 rrtnlrinrr o11 en 1. Vrk.1..v. iuuiuf, mi-viaj ouwacis xxaxuui.J A portable railroad has been invent-can. cet ed for temporary use, mads of interlocking sections which, can be laideither in straight lines or curves.W 7 'fitUiHi)1a Ma mmCop. Fourth and Pleasant Si6SGoodyear TiresThis is the day that reminds liheeagle' bird of when it used to scream.A beautiful line of Garlands on display. Come In and look them over.Paris Gas & Electric Co.-. (Incorporated) -Our Vulcanizing Departmentis equipped with steam vulcanizer and run hy an expert.m Heated GarageOPEN DAY AND NIGHT1 tf Ut t ti t m 1.1 ij 1 1 U 1 M 1 1 H II I U ggffTUESDAY, MARCH 20, 1917.THE BOURBON NEWS, PARIS, KY.PA&ETraunCOUPLE DIVORCED AFTER26 YEARS OF MARRIAGEMary Danforlh, 52, was granted a divorce from Lyman Danforth, 72, oCxeiar Elizabethtown. Indiana, and given51,000 elimony in the Circuit Court atolumbus, Indiana, Thursday. Theouple liad been married twenty-sixToars. Tlie wife testified that she wasa Campbellite and her husband objected to her going to herliurch on the grounds that alLfampbellltes were hypocrites. Towake her non-attendance double sureko forbade her the use of the horseand buggy for six months, she testified, but she walked a mile each Sundayto her church, while suffering from asevere injury to one of her legs shereceived in an interurban railway acM'dcnt The wife further testified that.Ue had been told so often by herhusband that all Campbelites were hypocrites that when asked her religionshe replied that she was a hypocriteB-4 PIREEnsure withVV.O.HINTON &SON,AgtsTHEATRICALPRICE BONNELLI'S FAMOUS MINSTRELS. In speaking of the Price-BonneJUMinstrels, yhich. is to be the attraction at Pans Grand, on Wednesdaynight, March 21, the Bristol DailyHerald, of Bristol, Tenn., of December2, had the following to say:"Diversified features, and new stuffdecidedly pleasing to local theatre patrons. Price-Bonnelli Minstrels heldthe hoards at the Columbia Theatrelast night, and re-estaolished that formof amusement, which is so popularwith Tennesseean's." The performance is bigger and better than lastSftason. if snnh nmilri hf .nnssihlpwhich is saying a good deal, as therewere many in the performance whowere present both times."The entire performance is brightand clean, and well nut on. and the, ,- ,I dull moments are few and far betweenthere being something doing all the! time. While it is not the biggest seenhere, it is snappy enougn to make adull evening do a fade-a-way anytime.'Get your seats not at Paris OperaHouse.SOCIAL AND PERSONAL.Comings and Goings of OurPeople Here, There andElsewhere.KENTUCKY HOTEL BURNED.The Unietta Hotel, near JunctionCity, was burned Thursday at noon.The origin f the fire is not knowno lives were lost, but the entirelKiildlng was razed, the loss totaling:JO.O0Ofire, wind and lightning insurance. Thomas, Woodford & Bryan.THE CHAPPELL WILL.EMBARRASSING MOMENTS.When the "collect" telegram comesand there isn't a cent in the house.When the Intended calls suddenlyand the fair one's hair is all upstairson her dresser.When you take a rich uncle into u.thirst garage for a glass of seltzer andthe bartender calls you by your firstname and asks you how long you havebeen on the water wagon.When the groom suddenly remembers that he left the ring at home inhis other vest pockeLWhen the bride first finds out thatthe groom has been telling her enlarged stories about his salary.When a person gets a sudden invitation to attend a theatre party afterhaving garlic salad or boiled onionsf t dinner.The habitual backslider is, perhapsto be envied he comes to sancitiyeach, time with. $. new ecstacy hesinks back into sin again each timowith all the virginal zest of an Adam.The last will and testament of thelate Mr. W. P. Chappell, who died achis home on South Main Street, Monday moniug, was probated in theCounty CourL Thursday. The instrument which disposed of valuable cityproperty, the proceeds of a recentfarm sale, and other personalty, wasdated as of March 7, 1917, beingdrawn a few days before Mr. Chappell's death. The will in full follows:"I, W. F. Chappell, realizing the uncertainty of life, and being of soundmind, do make and declare this to bemy last will and testament:"1st I desire and direct that mywife, Anna B. Chap-pell, be appointedExecutrix of my estate and tnat uihCourt require of her no bond."2nd I desire my Executrix to firstpay out of my estate all of my funeralexpenses and just dents."3 I desire that my Executrix complete my settlement as Administratorof my mother as soon as possible after my death."4th I owe my son, Charles, $125.which I direct my Executrix to pay outof my estate without proof of claimsfor this amount5th After the satisfaction of theabove legacies and devises, I deviseand bequeath the balance of my estate,Including all of my real estate and pergonal nrnDertv. to my beloved wife.Anna E. Chappell, to be hers absolutely and in fee simple."In testimony thereof, witness myhand this 7th. day oi March, 1917."W. F. CHAPPELL,"Subscribed to by W. F. Chappell inour presence and by each of us in hispresence, at his request, and in thepresence of each other."MRS. ALICE PAYNE,"B. F. ROSS."Mr. Weaver Talbott, of Paris, wasin Winchester several days last weekvisiting Mr. Herbert Henry, who hagbeen very ill.Misses Katherine Wilson andMary Kenney Webber, of Paris, attended the dance given in Lexington,Friday night by the Junior AssemblyClub.Mrs. Richard Wills, of Paris, wasa guest of friends in Winchester last-week, and attended the meeting ofThe Poets' Club, held at the home ofMrs. JouettRev. L. H. Reynolds, of North Middletown, who has been quite ill forsome time at the home of his daugliter, Mrs. Lewis Hagan, in Winchester, is improving.Mrs. J. M. McVey and son, whohave been guests of her father, Mr. II.M. Terrill, and family, at Clintonville,for several days, returned Sunday afternoon to their home in Dayton, KyIn the society notes from Floridain the Sunday Courier-Journal, theTampa correspondent says: "A homeparty at Haven Beach includes Mrs.Baker, of Pembroke; Mr. and Mrs.Hume Payne and Mrs. June Payne, ofParis, Ky."Among those from Paris .who attended the meeting of the "Men andMillions Movement" in Lexington, lastweek, were Rev. W. E. Ellis, Mrs. R.B. Hutchcraft, Mrs. Lizzie Walker, Mrand Mrs. E. C. Cleveland, R. F. Clendenin, C. P. Cook and N. H. Rion.At the last regular meeting of theEpworth League of the Methodistchurch reports were received from th?officers showing the progress of thework in February. Miss Sara Powerwas appointed Superintendent of Spiritual Work, to succeed Mrs. HowardCarr, who is to move to Tennesseasoon to reside. Two new membeis.Miss Louise Combs and 'Mrs. C. MBerry, were received. The meetingadjourned after appointment of a number of committees.The members of the Coterie Club,a recently organized social club, wereentertained at their last meeting uyMrs. M. J. Lavin, at her home on Walker avenue, from tvo to five. Anumber of games were played, thefirst prize being awarded to MrsMaria Lyons. At the conclusion ofthe games a menu was served consisting of cakes and ices in St. Patrick colors. Tne decorations wunalso in the same colors. Mrs. Lavinuas assisted in entertaining theguests by her daughters, Misses Margaret and Gilbert Lavin. The nextmeeting of tlie club will be held this(Tuesday) afternoon with Miss MaryLenihan.(Other Personals on Page o)SOLDIER BOYS HOME SOON.OPERA HOUSEWednesday, March . .21THE MASTER MINDS OF MINSTRELSYPRICE - BONNELUMINSTRELSNEWYORK30ALLWHITEARTISTSALLWHITE30America's Leading Organization of Burnt Cork Artists,Singers, Dancers, Acrobats, Musicians, Novelty EntertainersCOMPLETE SCENIC PRODUCTIONBIG STREET PARADEPrices: 25, SO and 75 CentsSeats on Sale at Alamo AfternoonOpera Mouse at NightNEW TRAIN SCHEDULE.According to information receivedhere, a new train schedule will become effective on the Lexington andEastern division of the Louisville &Nashville, between Winchester andIrvine, on April 1, which will be of ihegreatest importance to the travelingpublic.According to the proposed schedulea new train will be put on to leaveWinchester at 8:10 every morning.The afternoon train will leave Irvineat 5:30 ,p. m.. and returning will leaveWinchester at 7:45 o'clock. This additional service will prove to be verybeneficial and convenient to travelingmen and the public in general.ComingAttractionsPARIS GRAND D ALAMO1 UESDAYHOW TO PREVENT CROUP.uarHJrirJ irVM--"ns & '-wffikyjSfcS).0 -" ii " v'-yv in Jkf3&In Thousandsof FamiliesInstant Postiun is regarded as one of theregular staples of the pantry, along with flour,sugar and other "necessities" of life.Instant Postxim looks and tastes muchlike coffee, but causes none of the discomfortsof coffee. It is a pure food-drink, rich in thenourishing goodness of choice wheat, includingthe mineral elements of the grain so essentialfor perfect health.Here is a beverage that children as well asthe older ones "can safely enjoy. It is ideal in itsconvenience (made instantly in the cup) anddelicious flavor. A ten days' trial shows"There's a Reason" forInstant PostumThere will be rejoicing in manvhomes in Central Kentucky soon, asthe First Kentucky Regiment, U. S.Infantry, which has been doing patro1duty on the Texas-Mexican border forover a year, is expecieu iowmb ..Louisville early this week to be mustered out of the Federal service.The First Kentucky includes Company I., of Lexington, commanded byCapt. Bain Morrison, and the SignalCorps, commanded by CajpL Otto Hoistein. Newsum Keller, of Paris, is amember of the Signal Corps, and expects to return to his home here ar,soon as the Signal Corps reaches Lexington, and is demobilized. Includedin this unit are a number of studentsfrom the University of Kentucky andthe Transylvania University, at Lexington. ... .The Paris boys who are with tneTexas regiments will likely have toremain in the service l'or some timeyet, as the troubles along the border resulting from the alleged influences of German agents in plottingto embarrass the United States Government will necessitate keeping theregiments near the scene ior sometime as a precautionary measure.CLEAN-UP TIME ALMOST AT HANDIt is not to early to sound a cleanup warning in Paris, so as to be readyfor tlie actual work as soon as springreally arrives. After the long wintermonths there has been quite an accumulation of garbage andi rubbish inthe back yards of some householderswho are not just as particular as theymight be, and some of the alleys liavean assortment of tin cans, etc., thatwould be well to have removed.I Now that Spring is ready, or almostready to spread a covering of greenX)ver the earth, Paris citizens shouldget ready for an early clean-up day.A clean town .presents a very attractive appearance, especially to outsiders who come here, besides it is ofconsiderable sanitary value to the people of the city. Cleanliness and godliness, while not always going hand inhand, are very closely allied, and itshould be a matter of civic pride withus to nave a ciean city, quul megood work.SPRING COLDS ARE DANGEROUSSudden changes of temperature andunderwear bring spring colds withraffed up head, sore throat and general cold symptoms. A dose of DrKing's New Discovery is sure relief.This happy combination of antisepticbalsams clears the head, soothes theirritated membranes and what mighthave been a lingering cold is brokerup. Don't stop treatment when relieis first felt as a half cured cold indangerous. Take Dr. King's NewDiscovery till your cold is gone.(adv-mar)WHEN TO TAKECHAMBERLAIN'S TABLETSWhen the child is subject to attacks of croup, see to it that he eatsa light evening meal, as an overloaded stomach may bring on an attackA.lso watch for the first sympomshoarseness, and give Chamberlain'sCough Remedy as soon as the chilebecomes hoarse. Obtainable everywhere.(adv-mar)H0LBR00K BL1NNIN"The Weaknessof Man"A World Feature.Also Chas. Richmanand Dorothy Kelly in theexciting fourth episodeof "The Secret Kingdom.".,! mH3WWEDNESDAY.Alamo, afternoon and night. Tho6.Meighan and Anita King in"THE HEIR TOTHE HURRAH"Produced by Jesse L.mount program.Laskey on Para;THURSDAY.Florence LaBadie in"DIVORCE ANDTHE DAUGHTER"A gold rooster play in 5 parts. "Luke'sSociety Mix-up. Pathe comedyHearst's Pathe pictorial neys No. 7.Hours-Alamo, 2 to 5:30; Paris Grand,7 to 1 0:30, Admission 5 and 1 0c.FARMERS SUPPLY CO.ROBNEEL BUILDING, COR. EIGHTH AND MAIN, PARIS, KY.Everything the Farmer Needs at Lowest Possible Prices.All Our Goods the Best That Money Can Buy. Buy the Best at a Savingof From 5 to 25 Per Cent.John Deere Farm Implements.Three-horse Plows, guaranteed to scour in anyland: Breaking Plows. 50-60 Tooth- Harrows,Cutting Harrows, Corn Planters, Walking and Riding Cultivators, Single, Double, Three andFour Shovel Cultivators, Mowers, Self Dumping and Bull Rakes, Binders, Drills, Wagons,Manure Spreaders, Garden Plows. Oliver Chilled, Vulcan and Syracuse Points 40c each.J. I. Case Tobacco Transplanters. All we ask of you is, before you buy take a look at ourmachinery and we will show you why you should buy John Deere Machinery.IHarnessBuggy Harness S12 to $25.00.Pony Harness $10.00 to $15.00Breeching 6.00 to $10.00.Back Bands 25c to S1.00.Belly Bands 50c to 75c.Check Lines $3.50 to $4.75.Hames 75c to $1.75.Trace Chains 60c to 95c.Hame strings 15c to 25c.Bridles S1.25 to $3.00.Breast Chains 50c to 65c.Collar Pads, all sizes, 30c.Saddles worth $25, now S17.50Saddles worth $24, now $16.50Saddles worth $10, now S7.50.Boys' Saddles worth $9, now$7Boys' 'Saddles worth $7.50,now $5.50.All kinds of Horse Blanketsand Buggy Robes.Paints.We have on hand about 1,000gallons Simmons Paint. Nobetter, paint in the world.Bought last year. Can sellfor 40c per gallon less than wecould if bought to-day. Alsoa quantity of white leadbought at the same time. Ifyou are going to paint, see usbefore you buy. Linseed Oiland Turpentine. All kinds ofporch and inside paint.sChurnsDazey Churns, 3, 4 andgallons. Also wood churns.Scales, Pumps, Etc.When you feel dull and stupid aftereating.When constipated or bilious.When you have a sick headache.When you have a sour stomach.When you belch after eating.When you have indigestion.When nervous or despondent.When you have no relish for yourmeals.When your liver is torpid.Obtainable everywhere.t (adv-mar)We are agents for Fair-banku-MorseScales, Pumps,Engines, etc.Studebaker Autos.If you are going to buy anAutomobile let us show youthe Studebaker. It has everything you could wish forin an automobile except thehigh price. Looks, comfort,power, room, workmanship,material the best.Goodyear Tires and Inner Tubes,all jcinds of accessories, Gasoline,Auto Oil, Bumpers, Spot Lights,Sparks Plugs, Pumps, etc.Good Farm Machinery Oil 25cper gallon; our Special Auto Oil40c; Gas and Steam Engine Oil.Crude Oil for your hogs. CreamSeparator Oil worth $1.00, now50c per gallon.HardwareLook over our list and seewhat you need;Saws, Hatchets, Hammers.Planes, Axes, Mauls, WedgesLocks of all kinds, DrawingKnives, Pruning Knives, Table Knives and Forks, PocketKnives, Butcher Knives, Carving Sets, Kitchen Knives,Shears and Scissors, SheepClipping Machines, HorseClipping Machines, SheepShears, Rakes, Hoes, Forks,all kinds of handles. Nails.Screws, Bolts, Horseshoes andNails, Grindstones. Feed Baskets, Clothes Baskets, EggBaskets, Cistern Pumps, bothwood and galvanized. Ice,Cream Freezers, Water Coolers, Buckeye Incubators, United States Cream Separators,Lawn and Porch Swings.Take a look at our STOVESand RANGES. We sell theNever-Rust Cast Iron Range.No better made. Guaranteedfor 20 years. Worth 60.00,now $40.00. Four-eye CookStove $12.50 to $16.00.All Kinds of Staple Groceries. Seed Potatoes. SwlBSt iffitSlO.OObbl. in cloth; Best Flour $1.25 per 24 pounds; Meal per peck 40c; Pure Cane Suar100 lbs. 8.20; Pure Cane Sugar 25 lbs. $2.10: can Corn 10c; can Hominy 10c; can Pumpkin10c; 30c California Peaches 20c; 20c California Peaches 15c; 30c California Pineapple 20c20c California Pineapple 15c; Arm & Hammer Suda per lb. 7 l-2c; Matches per box 5c Riceper lb. 71-2c;pure Lard per lb. 22c; Smoked Bacon per lb. 22c. All prices subject to changewithout notice. The markets are strong on everything. We will not raise prices unlessabsolutely necessary. We can't advertise everything;Jgive us p. call and you will see th en.that we can save you money.8th&M,in FARMERS SUPPLY COMPANY piKy.fthl):AGEFOURTHE BOURBON NEWS, PARIS, KY.TUMDAY, MARCH 20, HIT,r.;MULCAL' EVENT ARRANGED .BEWARE THE SEVEN-FOR NORTH MIDDLETOWN i TEENTH DAY OF MARCH.A LITTLE BIT OF COMEDY.BOURBON CIRCUIT COURT.TJiero was quite a little bit of com The time of the Bourbon. Circuit.THE PRICE-BONELLIMINSTRELS, WEDNESDAYTHE NEW PICTURE SHOW.So many readers of THE NEWThe Price-Bonelli Minstrels, com have inquired so particularly aboutminstrel talent, the item printed in the last issue aboati iTrfiofni, nonniQ m T,a Julius uaesar was warned to neware euy miecteci into a mysterious nan was occupied riaay m unang ws&u-vv-. aiiuuivwiia irvuyiu n W3 . ... ... . . .. .,... . 7. -. .. . t- I 1 e S i. tn.nDtp.1 franf in , nf o the "ideas oE March." ana in tnese nemng: tnat was nulled oil in I'aris last monv in tne aamage suit or -ivir. ivay- pcaeu ol iirst-ciassoacert sit the Christian Church tlil3 modern days our people should be Thursday night, in winch the principal raond H. Prather against Mrs. Thos will appear at the Paris Grand Opera the prospects of a new picture show-(Tuesday) evening at 7-30 o'clock warned to beware the "seventeenth of actors were a well-known politician Garrison, in which Prather seeks $5. House to-morrow (Wednesday) even for Paris, and wanted to know more .Tfc program will be rendered by the March." As an example of what the and business man, his son, a police 000 balm for personal injuries alleged ini,. March 21, in a pleasing program about it, that we promised to let them "North MIddletown Male Quartet un- weather man can hand out when he is official, and a score of interested aivl to have been received, in an accident of minstrel novelties and an olio com- know more as soon as we find out any-er the supervision of Mr A. L Boat- in a bilious mood. St. Patrick's Day amused spectators, who, (the latter) which happened near Paris some tinifi prising a number of acts andjmusical thing definitely. There has nothingilcht chorister of the Paris Christian ws about as mean and disagreeable a have hardly yet been able to fathom ago. Prather was riding a horse numbers of a very high order fef merit, been done more than we published inOhurch, They will be assisted by day as we have experienced for a long the deaths of the mystery. when an automobile belonging to Mrs. Paris people, or at least many of the last Friday's paper. The owner oJars J W Jones soprano soloist Miss time. High, cold, blustery winds pre- Do 3Tou remember at the battle of Garrison struck him, inflicting in-' older generation, will feel a personal the property would say nothing moreAnna Prank Bridges alto soloist-' Miss ailed all day, and the way of the pe- Guantanamo, in Cuba, when, after a flicting injuries, and so badly in-! interest in the appearance of this com than that "the promoters have giveUzabeth Andrews ' pianist The fol- destrians was made a hard one, in- terriffic sllelling of the woods in pur- juring the horse so that the animal had' pany here, as Mr. Bonelli, one of the him $1000 in cash for an option on hisImwing will also participate in the pro- deed. A favorite pose of people who suit of a supposed body of the eViemy to be killed. The testimony was con I proprietors, is a former Paris boy, who, property," that if they decided t- : .t. r.i : I 4 linH tn ho nn thr. strnfttq was one hand the hndv of a nnnr old mule was found niuripd Saturday morninir. when arcu-'in nrivate life, is Mr. James Welsh take a Ions: time lease on his nremisenw Vn intftrPHmr nn'p- ATP??rK elevated, vigorously grasping head- as the only victim of the "battle?" A ments were made in the case by 'Many years ago he was associated in they said they would expend $10,00Linterestingflparks Wilson, FL G. Jones, It. G.Toting, J. W. Jones, Herbert Sledd,Wm. Redmon, L. J. Young1, Wm. ColMas, C. M. Jones, L. H. Barnes andMarion. Thomas.The program is composed of a number of instrumental and vocal selecgear, while the other was being used mule figured in this case, too.Judge Samuel Wilson, of Carlisle, for ! the meat market business with hisfather, Mr. Gus "Welsh, in the storeroom on the lot now occupied by theHotel Fordham and the City Restaurant, i He was here about three yearaago with the Humpty-Dumpty Co., andPIANO RECITALS.in an endeavor to maintain a reason-1 Thursday night, as Chief of Police Prather and Mr. Robert C. Talbott, 0?able degree of uprightness. t The Fred- Link 'was taking a little recrea- Paris, for Mrs. Garrison,wind blew and blew, and revealed tlon playing a game, of pool in a down- Late Saturday .afternoon the jurymany things hitherto unsuspected, ful- town pool room, he was hurriedly sum came in, bringing a verdict in favor oflv justifying many Luke McLuke's ep moned to the front by an excited voice, Prather for $300.icrams. The big flag on top o the crying, "Hurry, Chief! Get your coa The trials of six prisoners wno nauns well-remembered by lormer associ-Mons of a, high order. The admission First National's skyscraper, and the and hat and come on! We'll get him!" been indicted at this term of the.ates and acquaintances.price has been placed, at 25c ana l&c. inaga uu uuiei uunu.iu&o m umC v xa ao tiiC c.vi.cu """ "". ..ouu, o.uu. v " j "","" i x" 04.i& - -- .. - -Ot Uie City were uiiicu U(u iui icai v.uu, iuuuwcu uy nia uun, a luatviu were sm 101 Liiai uu-uiuuun. mu iViiusLieiij, liic cubiui uunj ""i -the high winds would blow them into the entreaty. Link jumped into his prisoners were brought into court Fri Bristol, Tenn., of December 2, had thestrings. icoat and hat, and, scenting something day and formally arrigned for trial to- following to say:The day following St. Patrick's' Day doing, a growd gathered, all eager tG morrow. "Diversified features, and new stuff.II! f n ' Sunday, was, if anything, worse than ( know what was going on. Two news- Another suit brought against Mrs. decidedly pleasing to local theatre pa-a reCltal at the .. .-:n. An-. Wvtromolv liJrti 'nnnor moti nn thoir wnv linmo f"rrm frenn Htr "Mr "Prafbor fnr S9.fifl niir- r.o.-no PplnD-PonnolU ATlnafrpla holdLI1C Tl 5UCV14116 V4U.J. OJA.iViiVJ '0" i.v. u-wt, v W"K" .tij u.Uw "UlU UaillilUU UJ Hill J.vt .vr y w, r.. XJ11B. J. 1 H.V. UUIIUVIH ljii.uh uiu .wwwork, asked the business man what porting to be the value of the horse the boards at the Columbia Theatr3was the matter, and got a haughty killed at the time of the auto accident last night, and re-established that formstare and an icy glance for reply was decided by the jury in favor of the of amusement, which is so popularBack and forth the crowd surged plaintiff, the verdict being for $150. jwith Tennesseean. The performanceeager for news. The party jumped into in the suit brought against the Ken-'is bigger and better than last seasona waiting auto, and were speeded out tucky Distillers & Warehouse Co. 'if such could be possible, which isSecond street, where they got out, and which owns and controls the Paris raying a good deal, as there weramaking a careful approach to the bus- branch, the Julius Kessler Co., by Dr many in the performance who wereiness man's home, where it was report a. H. Keller, of Paris, for $90 for ser- present both times,ed a burglar had been corraled in a vices rendered, the jury gave a verdict "The entire performance is brighthie corn crib, circled around. Cau in fnvnr nf t.hp. nlaintiff for the full nnA nlpnn. nnd wpII nnf on. nnd flipAt the same place this (Tuesday) ,. heavv snow flurry, which cov tiously approaching the corn-crib they amount asked for. dull moments are few and far between.Vening at 7loU O ClOCK, tne aavanceil. , .. ,.i tio on lioamoH nntlcniflrloTilv nama fant in fflPP wlfVl ho Al .,r mooa nf miinh ItnnortnnPP. !,.. Uni-nn- enmafhinw .Inintr oil tVickpupils 10E Miss itay s ; c ass ill gij e a meltin& the snow except where the mystery there stood an old grey came up for consideration before the time. While it is not the biggest seenrecital, m wnicn uie ioiio mg m laKt, sliadowg of the trees intervened. The mule doing his best to get hold of the Court yesterday, both being in the na- neref it is snappy enough to make a?:t 1 SiSe. ne v-li'ijo Sonv 'outV-nes of the trees, even to the ends of a few ears of corn that were ture of suits for damages. Margaret dun evening do a fade-a-way anytime."SV J uonnen, rinia '," Sin,,' ! smallest twigs, were left standing in protuding from the crib! That was Bartlett, of near Clintonville, who was Seats now on sale at the Paris Grand1 tLV" xTAwrniiornc atVq snow white lines, perfect in every dc- tue burglar! . injured at the Paris fair grounds uy opera House. See the big advertise-Lilll, US IL CIWJCU Ul linuiubiuiiuv-u i.uu. mv vu"" " w..w .0wv. UCIIIB """"" ." " - j 0..wM IlitJUL 1U LI11H IS3UC VL X 1.114 1N11IYVO.while all around them das dark green back and forth that night, trying in opreated or under the management ofuhere the melting snow nau uis- vain 10 get a solution to tne mystery. J. A. Macey, receiveu a veruict ol duuwere not even told that nignti Tins f0r personal damages sustained at tnemay be the first intimation of the real the time of the accident. It was whilestate of affairs when they read itin improvements in converting it intan up-to-date picture theatre. Just assoon as the deal is closed we will let:the readers of THE NEWS know altabout itOver 1,000 barrels of crude oil wereburned in a gigaptic celebration stagedby Pennsylvania students when thateam returned victorious from Mickl-! gan.Ray's piano class gave1 a "! t- tt: 1-. i.,n.. tr . , . : x. 1! jwinds. accompanied by heavy snowlast night, an j interesting program .be- ' s prevailed aU the day, andtt rendered by the following pupils: d Shut-ins" of p.acUcally the en-Mary Petree Samuel Margolen, Re WXLQn oi aris. The snowbecca Collier, Elizabeth Stuart Carter, shine alternated all day, likerntfTnT. u'if n SS SfS" scenes in a moving picture, and keptten. Virginia Cahal Mallaii l Goldstein, what would happen next.nnj Vur&S a lul1 in the storm THE NEWSAlberto Myers John Koontz Jr., Mar- Witnessed a remarkable sight Intha Miller Collier, Rebecca Collier and Oberdorfer's residenceKane irayue. pianaonf efroof "RVillmviiier n.n tin-1 b?jr corn crlh. circlpdt the sfae ace this (Tuesday) flu which cov tiously approaching thenng at 7:30 o'clock, the advanceu " . . ' , .. a ofl j7 ,loafl-ort nnt allf10iv namt fno tIt's the unexpected that happens.; but we generally bring it on ourselves.Davis and MaryRay will also take part in the recitalTHE WILLIAMS' SINGERS.appeared.Eight of the most famous coloredameers in the world, the Williams PART OF STEELE FARMSingers, will be heard at St. Paul's MIL Church, in Paris, next Saturdaymteht March 24. There are four menFortv-seven acresand four women in tne company, who; Steele farm, locatedSOLD TO FLEMING MAN., -mtum inir from the Bartlett home onIthe Clintonville pike in company with.inn rio-iq Dundon that Dr. Charles"INVINCIBLES" ENTERTAINED.The members of the Paris HigbSchool basket ball teams, and a few in-THE ASHCRAFT SALE.At the sale held on the farm of Chapof the Briceon the SteelensvA annearftd in manv of the nrinci' nit-o ncmr Paris lmvp hpen sold bvnal riHpR of America and Eurone. mt- V n'pnnpii nf tbis countv. who pell & Ashcraft, last week, followinTheir repertoire ranges from grand bas e residing there for the past the salf of the farm Sod Prices wereAnan fn fniir sniiPK of tho South. Thev ,. f t.tt t w Ttinnirwoii of realized for stock, crop, etc. ThereWft-fW w -r .vr w w w - m r-ai HJ ilXl J- 1 UALIVik. fvvt .. - ...n. nn 11 PhPfrtv's machine was Tecked,timate guests, were entertained Frihi. ...... smirk hv a train at the Clin-i day evening by the faculty at thetonville crossing.The other case in which a verdictwas brought in for damages was thatin wnicn Jesse ainiiii uruugia sun.home of Miss Frances Butler, on Second street.On Saturday afternoon the girlsteam were guests of Miss ValletteMcClintock, one of the members, atMan Wanted.Good man wanted to raise sevenacres of tobacco; man with two grownsons preferred; must have good reference none other need apply. Callon or addressED&TARD PRICHARD,(20-tf) Paris, Ky.For Rent.House of 5 rooms on Lilleston avenue. Electric Lights, Gas, Water.Eath, Garden Spot, Concrete Cellar.Apply to undersigned.MRS. R M. HARRIS,Home phone 82. Paris, Ky. 4,(20-3t)-Vizeu lor hiok, crop, etc mere nfrnnKt Hlfi Redmon Motor Co.. of McUlintocK, one. a a m - t j -. - -.-.-. Yiroon cminri nrronnnnno tii t n r rwi si n? -' . ..... jt. ia -. . tv x. -. ... .n.MH&H t . nvi tgave 13U perrormances in uuuuuu, Fleming county, for ?U0 per acre, or 6W .. . UxvxUiC paris, for damages to a buggy which it " uouie ol uur puieiita, an. uuu mi&.England, remaining eigliteen weeks. Ia totai of $9,400, immediate posses a,n seemed anxious to get a look-in at alleged had been wrecked by one Wm. G. McClintock. when a four-The admission will be nfty cents. sion beinc given.. During the time Mr .l,ie bargains, ine prices ooiaineu of the Motor Cos trucks colliding with course dinner was served. Alter tneit.tickets sold at the door. The entire Q'Connell has occupied the farm ho ere as tonows: Agea norses, .izu tonorthern section of the church win oe i,as raised twelve acres of tobacco, 'u vlx-s 00 to l'Jl es' ilu w vor of Smith for $125. The Court ad-reserved for white people, rnis win which brought him $3,300. Mr. O'Con- - "3 " 'o ue,ieiB- ? " iourned until nine o'clock this morningdb a genuine muaiiti ucai, uuu u. '-"-,neiI will nroDauiy purcnase anoiner z" ' -1 ' v . v . ' k"" "" '"aret or a minstrel performance.place in the county.APPOINTED EXECUTOR.Mrs. Anna Chappell, widow of thelate Mr. Wallace F. Chappell, was appointed by Judge C. A. McMillan, inthe County Court, Saturday, as executor of the estateof her decease 1husband. Mrs. Chappell qualified byfamishing bond in the sum of $12,000,no security being required under theprovisions of the will. By the proTisions of the wil' Mrs. Chappell is toreceive all ,the property, both real andpersonal, belonging to her husband'sestate. The instrument was drawnn March 7, 1917, just a few days before Mr. Chappell's death.GAME WARDEN BISHOPRECEIVES PROMOTION.In the aDDOintment of Mr.Bishop, of Paris, to the position of Inspecting Game Warden for the Stateat-Large, the State Game and Fish iCommission has conferred a deserved jpromotion on a worthy member of the 'staff.$25 to $61; cattle shoats. $5 to $11;bull, $99; corn in crib, $6 per barrel;fodder, 10 to 17 cents per shock; oats.50 cents per bushel; baled straw.$9.25 per ton; chickens, 70 cents each;ducks, 70 cents each. Farm imple-Bush nients brought good prices.THE WEATHER.The jury returned a verdict in fa- dinner the party were guests of MissiUCUiiniocK at uie aiternoon penurmance at the Alamo.The guests on this occasion were:Misses Lona McCord, Lena Rose, Carrie Rose, Fannie Heller, Hazel Beatty.Eleanor l.ytle, Ruby Elder, AliensElliott, Edith Harper, Jennie James,Miriam Curry, Frances Butler Vallette McClintock and Mrs. E. T. Proctor.PARIS MAN WINS SUITIN FEDERAL COURT.In the United States District Courtat Frankfort, Friday, the last day ofthe March term, in the suit of DavidD. Cllne, of Paris, against Curry, Tu-nil & Norwood, of Lexington, a mo-The weather forecast for the week tion to strike and demurrer were over-' cuit Court, the jury in the case of C. T.'beginning Sunday. March 18. is as follftruled and time for an answer was Eals, of Cynthiana. against Harris &HUNG JURY.At Cynthiana, in the Harrison Cir-Mr. Bishop has been one of the lows: I granted, proof to be taken by deposi- Speakes, of Paris, disagreed, eight faState Game Wardens for several For Ohio Valley and, Tennessee: 'tion and submitted to the court with- voring a verdict for the plaintiff. Mr.months, and in the discharge of liis Fair except rains probably about lout a jury. In the suit of David D Eals sued Harris & Speakes to re-duties has been faithful and efficient Thursday. Temperature low first part Cline against the Power Grocery Com- cover a sum alleged to be due as hisThe appointment was made at a re- .of week, followed by warmer aftorjpany, the plaintiff was awarded judg commission on a land sale he helpedcent meeting of the Commission.Thursday.ment for $127 and interest.them make.People 40 to 45Years OldMost people when they reachthis age, who have alwas enjoyedgood eyesight, require glasses .for reading, especially in the,evening. If you are having;trouble with reading or closework, "don't worry." It simply means that your eyes areconforming to onejof nature'slaws. The remedy Ts a pair ofour Glasses properly fitted, at &reasonable cost. . , -FRYE & FRANKLINDoctors of OptometryDow fild., opp. Windsor HotaVi imFRIDAY, MARCH23. 1917M.AT THE COURT HOUSE, 7:30 P.All citizens, both men and women, who are interested in goodstreets are urged to attend a Mass Meeting to be held at the CourtHouse on Friday evening, March 23rd, 1917.The Meeting is called for the purpose of discussing the paving with either brick or asphalt of theprincipal thoroughfares of the city-EVERYONE IS EARNESTLY REQUESTED AND URGED TOBE PRESENT.PARIS COMMERCIAL CLUBBy RUDOLPH DAVIS, Secretary.CATESBY SPEARS, PresidentTOBSDAY, MARCH 20, 1917.THE BOURBON NEWS, PARLEY.PAGE FITf OR THE BESTNOTHING ELSESOCIAL AND PERSONAL. , "fair Parisians victorious."Comings and Goings of OurPeople Here, Tnere andElsewhere.PRE-OPENiNG SPECIALS INHIGH-CLASS MILLINERY.Mr. w. W. Dudley visited relativesin viucinnau, Tnursuay.Under the above caption The Jesamine Journal, published at Nicholasville, in commenting on the recentvictory of the P. H. S. "Invincibles"over the Nicholasville team, says:"Saturday night two of the hardestiougnt games of the season were witMr. Harold Wniictof ani i. nessed by a large and enthusiastic rk-week-end with friends In Lexington. dience- The Paris girls found no easn. uariton uiay visited friends r u"5 uie in. n. a. gins,A momentous saving event for woMen and misses, who are looking forwtyle and quality, at a low price.(lC-2t) HARRY SIMON.SPRING STETSON HATS.in .Lexington several days the Dast scored 11 more points againstweek. y them than any other team this season.Mrs. W. R. Blakemore continues "Miss Burrows broke the record ofvery ill at her home on East Eiehth Mlss Lena Rose' who had averagedstreet b more than a goal per minute, by allow-Mrs. Joseph Lennox has returne-1 lns her only three goals durinS thfJfrom a visit to Mrs. James Wyatt in eutire me- Misses M. and N. PowehCovington. nobly guarded their much heavier op-Every good style and color is here ' Mr- and Mrs. John C. Collins arc Jonent The Paris star center foundin just the style that it becoming to makinsr a tour of Southern cities on a her equal in Miss wry. The forwardsvou $4 and' $5. pleasure trip. Misses Haydon and Tutt, added moreJ. W. DAVIS & CO. J Mr- Jaies W. Thompson and Mr gloly by their already brilliant recordRogers Moore have returned from the tor soal tossing. The Nicholasvillen no ucctim University of Virginia for their sum- girIs deserve much praise for holdingulus MtbTiNG, mer vacation. the score as close as 35 to 21, against' ' Miss Elizabeth Brown was a guest tne heaviest and strongest high schoolThe City Federation of Woman's several days the past week of her aunt team in the StateClub will hold a very important meet in Lexingtoning in tne rest room at the First Na- Miss AUr.A wmiamc toi,.iilffHn3 (nTw-eSda7) ftef noon' is est of Miss Matild James,'at 2:30 o clock. Owing to the impor- on Second sfrPt 'tant nature of this meeting it is earn- Dr. and Mrs. D. B. Anderson, andeBtlU nnnvt.r9eTnmember be HtUe dauter, Jean, have returnedpresent promptly at 2:30 p. m. from a visit in the North..ur. L,utner C. Ashnrnff. vim rn.BIG PURCHASE OFHEMP SEED BY DEALERSPURCHASES BUNGALOW.Paris seed dealers, last week purchase of Mr. J.P. Turner, of Jessaminecounty, one thousand bushels of hempseed, for which the sum of 16,000 wascently sold his farm near Escoudida. .paid. The seed was raised on MrMr. Sidney Ardery, Jr., of the ArderyDrug Co., who recently entered theranks of newly-weds, purchased Saturday through Harris & Speakes, of Mrs.will move to Taris, to reside.Mr. Connor Fletcher has movedfrom near Kiserton to the M. E. Rashfarm, near North Middletown.Dr. Chas. G. Daughertv left Satur-Turrier's farm near Nicholasville, andis said to be of an extra fine qualitya. it. liroomuau, ot uincinnati, ber ciay night for Atlanta, Ga., on a vistf.handsome bungalow on Houston ave- He will probably return to-day.nue, for $3,200. Mr. and Mrs. Ardery Misses Florence Fee and Virgipiawill occupy the home as soon as ar- Wetherall are guests of Mr. and Mrs.rangements are completed. , Harry Booth, at Lawrenceburg.TOBACCO WAREHOUSE COMPANYDECLARES 11 DIVIDEND.At a meeting of the directors of theBourbon Tobacco Warehouse Coirpany, held in this city, Saturday afternoon, a dividend of eleven per cent.CLOSING OUT SALE.Only one more week of our sale. Ifyou are looking for bargains come inSale stops March 24.BOURBON HORSE GOODS CO.(20-lt)Mrs. K. W. Williams ,of Williams, was declared. This is a good returnArizona, is the guest of Mr. and Mrs. on the investment made by the stock-J John J. Williams, on Pleasant street. holders and proves that "there's money5 Miss Lucy Simms has gone to in it."Houston, Texas, for a two-weeks' visitto her brother, Mr. Edward Simms. BUY NEW CARS.Mrs. Katherine Davis Craig and Ison were guests several days the pas'; The Franklin Motor Car Co., of Lexweek of Mr. and Mrs. Bailey Berry, in ington, reports the recent sale of aYOUR GARDEN SEED.We have everything in GardenSeeds and. Onion Sets. Get busy.(It) C. P. COOK & COTHINGS TO WORRY ABOUT.Franklin touring car to Mr. Dan WPeed, of Paris, and a Franklin sedancar to Mrs. William B. Woodford, ofthe county.THE PAIR(Blue Stamps With Every Purchase)Two Special Sales !Friday Next Wall Paper-CIos-jing uui.Our entire stock of Plain ColoredDuplex Oat Meal Papers, with wide orcut-out borders, or narro vbinders. All the leading shades, 3)inches wide, at 10c a bolt. In goini;through our entire stock, we havefound over 50 room lots, enough fori-FOR SATURDAY ONLY.Lexington.Mrs. Hiram Redmon and children.of Frankfort, are visiting her parents,Mr. and Mrs. A. P. Bryan, at NorthMiddletown.Mrs. Robert Stoner has returned toher home near Mt. Sterling after avisit to relatives and friends In thisn.itv amV nnnntvWith the bowling contest ended, the Mrs Kizzie WIUIania of Arizona,Pans High School basketball season who haa been a t or M and M?VG I?? ?bacco rehouses closed. H wil in Cynthiana, is a guestfootball laid away until next fall, and of fTiends and relatIves in Paristhe political pot barely simmering as Mr and Mrs Ben p Eubank Misdyet, there Is very little to look for- Mabel Lyons and Mr Carter Coonsward to now save the prospect of ve returned to their home in LeXJX?11. Td openis of the new Ington, after a visit to Mr. and Mrs.$10,000 Picture house. The newspaper Edward Faulconer, on Cypress street,man feels keenly the close of the sea- Advices from Atlanta. Ga., stateson on these events, as they furnished that Dr. Georee Kent Varden. formerh'good stuff. j of pariSt who has been seriously ill for narrow- . . .,... 'several days, is showing signs of imGARDEN seeds OF ALL kinds. pravement. His case lias been a puz' , ,, , L zling one to the physicians in charge.We handle nothing but the best gar- at- wr t ahq .i, ranttnfw r.den seeds that can be bought both in ,, ' 'f ," Jloi ' atn of 10 any size room and to make a quicpackage and bulk. Also fine lot of Massie Memor& Hospital, in this city, sajf your choice at 3c a bolt .Someflower seeds and bulbs. If. you want ia reported a8 improving rapidly and very dainty and attractive patterns inUie best, seeds that will grow, call vfin soon be able to returIl to his tne lot-us up. home.(20-tf ) WM. SAUER. J The "Hamv Junior Worker Girls""" of the North Middletown Christian Enamelled ware, rich Azure blueTAX ADVOCATE BUSY. 'church will hold a parcel post sale at and white mottling outside, white in-McDaniel & Wilson's drug store in side, dish pans, 14 and 17 quart sizesMr. James H. Thompson, or Bourbon Nortu Middletown. to-day, Tuesday, extra deep, your choice, 59c; tea ket-county, who has been actively champ- March 20. ties, regular price 69c, now 39c; handl-ioning the cause of the Uix reform. Mr Teddy shrock, the L. & N. en ed stew pans, 1-qt. size, 10c, 3-qt size,as advocated by the Kentucky lax- j. wll0 -was injured in an accident 15C; milk pans, extra large size, 19c;payers' League, has been a busy man near "Winchester some time ago, is get- mocking bird cages, $1.75; breedingHe spoke at Georgetown, Saturday, in Ung alQng yery uicely at the Massie cages, $1.98; canary cages, 98c; aitopposition to the new bill creating tue Memorial Hospital, in this city, where glazed cemetery vases, each 25c; bigTax Commission, Senator John fr. hQ wag brought after the accident. values in hair brushes, worth 15c atSc:Ford, of Georgetown, replying in be- Mrs William Neal, Sr., who was hair brushes in white, pink and bluehalf of the measure. Mr. Thompson j to Chicago, last week by the sc- tops, real bristle, good 50c value, ataddressed a large assembly of farmers rious illness of her son. Mr. Williaiv 35c; heavy steel skillets, 9-inch sizein the court house in ML Sterling, ,R1H1 Keal formerlv of Paris, writes imnfl ROc value, now 29c. and a lot oiyesterday afternoon.STUDENT SUITS.that the chances are now decidedly inhis favor.I Mr Wnllane Mitchell returnedEspecially designed for the boy's from Cincinnati. Saturday night, ac--,,. i, tvoo oiiif Jn a sntendid as- comoanied ny iNirs. ivuiciieu, wuu naathat he is considerably improved, and oilier goods too numerous to mention.THE FAIR.rlJ ?rnn,,v aorviPAhln natternc been at the Good Samaritan Hospital,duiuucuiuiuw;i wv-. .. x- -- , j!i -otmTiin tnat city, unuer uieuii;ti ucaiu.u.W. DAVIS &. CO. ' for some weeks. Mrs. Mitchell is con-'. . siderably improved.You Mr. and Mrs. Case, who receuiorented their farm near nuicuisuu, uie-?15 and $18.WE CORDIALLY INVITETo attend our-iTng Opening and visiting Mrs. fase brother Mr VestJ-m A I1HHI V LLllAJLdisDlav of women's and misses oacs. elllo fnr n. while with Mrs. NorSuits. Dresses, Gowns, Lingerie; man Huffman, 0n the Russell CaveWaists, Millinery, Gloves and accessor- pikGf near centerville.iee of dress, Tuesday, Wednesday and , Lieutenant Martin Doyle, formerlyTiiursday. March 20, 21 and ZMusic from 2 p.(16-2t)m. to- 5 p. m.HARRY SIMON.- 1 . il- TTIi-.lv-.f Pnris. who has oeen in uie uuiwuStates Navy for several years, hasbeen transferred from Fort Hancock,x'r vnrV where he had1 been for" ' some time on the U .S. Revenue Cut-GOOD SALEf ter Mohawk, to Pensacola, Florida,'where he will be stationed on theOne of the best sales of stock, crop, Coast Guard Cutter, Penrose,held in this section for some time was Letters received In this city bthat conducted by Auctioneer Ben friends from Mr. and Mrs. George w.Peck, for Mr. James Andrew ScotL Laughlin, formerly of Paris, who areMr Georgetown. There was a good aDending the winter at Tampa, Flacrowd in attendance, and the bidding state that they both beneuuea greaujww spirited. Twelve Polled Angus b stay in the Sunny South, andcows brought from $110 to $155 a Jat they will remain there until aboutW- twelve head of black steers A 15. The letters stated that ev.frn'sTO to $80 a head; a lot of yearl- erybody down there was enjoyinginc steers from ?40 to ?60 a head; one ng vegetables and fresh fruits andSfck Mistered bull, ?130; a bunch o gat fife Was very enjoyable, indeedbSfe from $90 to $110 each;! (0ther Personals on Page 3.)..SW aahU lN oPPOr"tTYA LIFETIME?.nd stock sattle, $9.75 a hundred oportunity t(Jpounds. - 'i to9SI country and at the same. . z- Vi ki r Hmp hav&tlie conveniences of -the city,D. A.. B. MEETING. J iriU have if you toke'advanl-Mrs. John ConnHTdent of frHF&g? '?ardlfevres Chapter, Daughters of tie WJtaw, p?operty.Confederacy, presided. Saturday after- dl o".ruaw0od, in smallnoon at the regular meeting of tne "" . suburban homesChter. held in the Confederate room tracts, sultabte for 2.30in the court house. 'iiVw.v Betterget busy and figure onOne of the principal topics of inter, ocloct Better jge y ifest discussed was the memrial menu- buying onertiment toec-----;- advanta that itto tne merouij' i. --- - . br . ntll Cuv ana countryrC hir"4WreSeedn ft SS proposition.w - ... i i v.nn tiiian nv ...n.VNORTH MIDDLETOWN CONOtK..offered byadvantagess.A PictureOpportunityCanyournever catch you offguard if you have asmall TanS: which had been filled byConsiaeraoie uubiumuwas irausattcu, "the membersof importance...m !. T,nni T-AmiDatPfl tOr future r were iSSSfSiTt was deciaea io "c , . : ,A nnrprt to be given at xnuicubJtf- the Hamilton Guards' room Jottconcertto day) eveningrin the Massie Memorial HospiUl in Middletown. under the pgr.Anril at which time sheets, pillow L- tlie maievj Boatright,4PS. and Tier article nectary for jnritoetfg. oflr. &equipment, wiu "----'- of nf t merit, and wm oe a ru . mu-be made..Viii h held at the rooms oor-r . n )jentiGbaptar on the regular day or jcaisetisf. ""Vest PocketAutographicKodakThis efficient little instrument can be your inseparable companion.Vest Pocket Autographic Kodak. $6.00Belt Case for same 1.50Daugherty Bros.FRANK & COMPANYTHE RELIABLE STOREo4nnouriceThey Are Now Showing The iSeason's Best Stylesh.SUITSDRESSESINCOATSSWEATERSNEWESTWAISTSSKIRTSvSilks, Dress Goods,Wash Goods of All KindsTrimmings To Match :ALL ARE REASONABLY PRICEDWe Cordially Invite Your Inspection6Pictorial Review Patternsi JL&FRANK & COMPANYS9 vWEHAVEOLDAll the Goods We Care to Sell at the TremendousReductions We are Making During OurBigCashSaleBUTwe deem it only fair to our friends and patrons tonotify them that there remain only ELEVEN MORESELLING DAYS during which you can receive thesetremendous bargains.4We know ABSOLUTELY thatVou fecefvtf1 tetter valueshere by ten or twenty per cent than you can get els ewhere. We CANNOT AFFORD tor sell goods at theprices we are making, but we are complying strictly toto our advertisements. This advertisement appears foryour benefit not ours.v VTHEJ.T.HINTONCO.MOTOR HEARSE -MOTOR INVALID COACH !UNWBI9,AKIN0 4"EITHERPHONE" 36,SIXTH AND M AINSTS.lti-'iTHE BOURBON NEWS,. PARIS, KY.1TUESDAY, MARCH 20, 1917-APRIL AMERICAN MAGAZINE.Ir the April American Magazine arethe opening chapters of Edna Ferber'a first serial, entitled "Fanny Herself," & novel which promises to befujly as interesting as the best adventures of Emma McChesney, althoughfe a different vein. Among the othereri&ls and short stories are ''RoseMary's Great Wish," a love story byBana Gatlin; "Helping Out Olaf," aatory of the nth power of salesmanAlp by Elmer E. Ferris; "The LegendC 'Frico Bar," by Julian Rothery;"Taking a Reef in Tadpole," by Hughft. Fulerton and "Cinderella Jane'Try Marjorie Benton Cooke.Perhaps the most helpful "success"article that has been published inmonths is "Are You a Square Peg in aRound Hole," by Herman Schneider,Bean of the School of Engineering ofthe University of Cincinnati, whossystem of eliminating misfits hastamed many a failure into a successof the first order. Other articles are"New York; 'A Tale of Two Cities,' "ry John H. Finley, Commissioner ofEducation of the State, of New York;"Great Possessions," by David Grayson; "Train an Understudy If YouWant to be Promoted," by B. C. Forbes; "A Great Salesman of Service,"by Merle Crowell, and " 'Putting OverPopular Songs," by E. M. Wickes.Among the other features of themagazine are the winning leters ofthe prize contest entitled "How Marriage Helped Me Win," together withthe announcement of a new contest forreaders. Good material is included in"Interesting People," "The Family'sMoney" and "Getting Ahead."SIGNS OF GOOD DIGESTION.When you see a cheerful and happyoid lady you may know that she harood digestion. If j'our digestion Isimpaired or if you do not relish youmeals take a dose of Chamberlain'sTablets. They strengthen the stomach, improve the digestion and causea gentle movement of the bowels. Obtainable everywhere.(adv-mar)HIS FOOD NEVERTASTED SO GOODRUSSIA SEES STAR OFI ' FREEDOM DAWNINGDON'T SCOLD, MOTHER!THE CROSS CHILD ISI BILIOUS, FEVERISH.LONDON, March 19. Despotism hasbeen overthrown and liberty is dawning for the people in Russia. !Czar Nicholas has" abdicated, follow-1ing a brief revolution in which the 'Douma (national assembly) conqueredover aristocracy. The future of thethirteen-year-old Czarevitch is uncer! tain. ti Grand Duke Michael Alexandrovitch, !the idol of the masses, soldier and author, has assumed the regency.fiir-nr-n r-r-i - .. I A11 tao imperial Cabinet MinistersNFVFR FFIT Sll Rnnil have Deen arrested by the Douma's or-iiuii.ii i lli uu uuuu der3 and im,prIs01iedf according to theLook at Tongue! If, Coated, CleanLittle Stomach, Liver, Bowels.Ovin Bros. Department StoreKentucky Farmer Tells How Tanlac Toned Up His System.Don't scold your fretful, peevishchild. See if tongue is coated; this isa sure sign its little stomach, liverand bowels are clogged with sourwaste.When listless, pale, feverish, full ofcold, breath bad, throat sore, doesn'teat, sleep or act naturally, has stomach-ache, indigestion, diarrhoea, give ateaspoonful of "California Syrup ofFigs," and in a few hours all the foulAll the milk, butter and eggs produced on his farm did him no goodwficstA flip, snnr hil nnrl fprmpnfrinfr"Thelart palaces at Petrograd and fd Pses out of the bowels and youat Pavlovsk Have been seized by the J1 a el1 ad playful child ?&'i,iS J Children love this harmless "fruit lax-soldiersduced on his farm did him no good A new national cabinet, all Liberals, ative," and mothers can rest easy aftill he tried Tanlac, said J. T. Gool- is announced with Prince Lvoff as ter Sivmg it, because it never fails toman, R. P. D. No. 7, Winchester, Ky. President of the Council and Premier. make tneir little "insides" clean aiul'I felt tired and worn-out all the and the other offices held by the men setT.r - l.n...7 v..r4.1. nr A litllnwho are close to the Russian people. . L "a"u' Tu;ul ;. . 1 "fc"cFor several days Petrograd has been given to-day saves a sick child to-mop-1the scene of one of the most remark- rw " Bet the genuine Ask youi ,able risings in history. Beginning with druggist for a 50-cent bottle ot Calminor food riots and labor strikes, the f""a SyuP of Figs' which has dicry for food reached the hearts of the sections for babies .children of allsoldiers, and one by one the regiments h " , t fa " " f ViTBtime, and lots of times I had to layoff until I had rested awhile," he said."My stomach bothered me and anything I ate hurt me. Gas formed onmy stomach and I belched and bloatedI felt like I had a brick or something heavy in my stomach all the rebelled' until finally those troops that or the bottle Remember there aretime.had for a time stood loyal to the govI had aches in my back and legs, ernment took up their arms andand was so nervous and out-of-sorts marched into the ranks of the revolu-thafc T felt hlno nnrl rlnwn-nnrl-nnt- tionists.counterfeits sold here, so surely lookand see that yours is made by the"California Fig Syrup Company."Hand back with contempt any otherfig syrup. (adv)1 The President of the Douma, Michael V. Rodianko, was the leading lig jlire among the Deputies who unani-! Reputation is not made by one sinmously decided to oppose the imperial gle act, but by a long succession oforder for a dissolution of the housft little useful ones.At night I couldn't sleepy and when1 got up I felt worse than when Iwent to bed. I had a bad taste inmy mouth nearly all the time, mytongue was coated, and I had sickneaciacnes. Rodizianko informed the Emperor. narranza. doesn't seem to care much"Finally, my friends advised me to then at the? front, that the hour had about strained relations, so long as thetry Tanlac. Well sir, I haven't felt struck when tiie will of the people matter isn't made disagreeably perso good in years. Tanlac straight- must prevail. sonal.ened me un in a hurrv. i Even the Imperial Council realized Itne gravity oi tne situation anu auue 1 1S ccntb ana main Sts.Paris KentuckyTobacco CottonAll Grades at LowestPrices.Twin Bros. Oep't Store)They continued their sessions, and M jRodizianko informed the Emperor,"I feel like a new man. I workevery day and don't feel tired anddragged-out any more. I eat anything I want. My headaches haveleft and I don't bloat or belch now.I am mighty thankful for Tanlac, forit has done me more good than anything else and I have tried nearly 'its appeal to that of the Douma thatthe Emperor should take steps to givethe people a policy and government inaccord with their desires and in orderthat there should be no interferencewith carrying on the war to a victorious ending.The Emperor hastened back fromthe front, -only to find that the revoluCorrect EnglishHOW TO USE IT.A MONTHLY MAGAZINE,Josephine Turck Baker, Editor.For Sale.Sixty nice stock heifers; weightabout 600 pounds.CAYWOOD & McCLINTOCK,(13-2wks-4t) Paris, Ky.For SaleOne set of dining room furniture, i.ifcrfltrdass condition. Call HomePhone 96, Paris.For Rent.puoruflitnnr"I always keep two or three bottles tion had beeu successful and that a men, Teachers,of Tanlac on hand, and all my family v government was in control. The , Doctors ; Lawrs,.. T ., ' , .!,. . Empress who, it is alleged, has been, lor all who wishto I Correct Englishthe house for a minute."pposedthe wishes of the people, is reportedit'O have fled.Tanlac, the master medicine and ' Although considerable fighting toolcreoonstructive tonic, is sold exclu- place, it is not believed that the casusively in PARIS by Varden & Son. aMes are large.Other exclusive agents in nearby The members of the new nationaltowns are as follows: cabinet, all liberals, are announced asHUTCHISON, Snell fc Wood; MIL- follows:LERSBURG, W. G. Wadell; ELIZA I Premier, President of the CouncilBETIT. o-rar Smith; CARLISLE "and Minister -of the Interior, PrinceTruemau Son; GEORGETOW.., C. i Georges E. Lvoff.H. Arnold: WINCHESTER. Duty Drue Foreign Minister,For Progressive Men and Women,Business and Professional; Club Wo-Students, Ministers,Stenographers, andto Speak and" WriteSpecial FeatureMonth; Your Every-Day Vocabulary,How to Enlarge it. Sample Copy 10cSubscription Price $2 a Year.EVANSTON, ILLINOIS.Prof. Paul N.Company; AUSTERLITZ,rish.B.S. Par(adv.)Suite of 3 rooms, corner Fifthaad Main streets, second floor. Entrance on Fifth, a few steps from Main,aiectricity, gas, steam heat. Ladies'aad gents' toiletDAUGHERTY BROS..(13-3t) Either Phone.FOR RENT.Three unfurnished rooms at No. 733"Walker avenue. Hot and cold waterand other conveniences. Call HomePiwce 339. (jan30-tf)Milukoff.Minister of Public Instruction, ProfMauiloff, of Moscow University.Minister of War and Navy, ad initerim, A. J. Kuskoff, formerly Presi-jdent of the Duma.CHILD, i Afinistnr rf A prfn.iiltnrA. Ar Torsnli-iareff, Deputy from Petrograd.State Superintendent of Public In- Minister of Finance. M. Teresdi-struction V. O. Gilbert, has prepared j tenko. Deputy from Keiv.figures showine the cost of education ! Minister-of-Justice, Deputy Kerenski,In Kentucky as compared with other ! of,Sar.aioffCOSTS STATE $23 TOEDUCATEKENTUCKY TRACTION& TERMINAL COMPANYInterurban Schedule.Minister of Communications, N. V.Nerasoff, Vice President of the DumaController of State, M. GodneffSHOES OF ALUMINUM.States.The school population of Kentuckyis 690,880 and the per capita expendi-' Deputy from Kazan.ture is $9.76. Based on the attendanceit is $22.99. The cost of carrying npupil through the first eight grades is$183.20, based on the attendance. Ofthis cost $3,024,553 comes out of theState funds, the State per capita being $4.37.Tennessee has a per capita of $1.33.In that State $905,183 is appropriated(Toronto Star.)Owing to the increase In the cost oCleather, which has been on the upwardtrend for many years, there has beena demand for some substitute thatHave Your WallPapier Cleaned.Am prepared to clean the paper onyor vail, and make them look asgood as new. Work guaranteed. CallHome phone 163. (13-4t)annually for education, spending $13.61 will take its .place to a certain extentper capita of attendance annually; in the manufacture of shoes, and inAlabama with a per capita, of $4.14 ap 'some parts of the country there haspropriates $2,983,922 and spends $15.3?. ( been received with favor a shoe partlyannually on each child attending, made of aluminum.Mississippi with a per capita of $2.35 1 The use of leather is not dispensedappropriates $1,454,941 annually and 'with entirely, but the sole and counspendff $9.30 on each child. ( ter, the parts most subject to wear, areThe State of Texas appropriates $4.- made of the metal. The hard usage of991,705 and spends $25.88 annually on shoes comes on the heel and sole, andeach child attending. The per capita in the case of aluminum the wearerof that State is $3.73. Ohio with a per valks on the heel and a rocker, acrosscapita of $1.93 appropriates $2,300,714 the sole of the shoe, which parts areand spends on each child $48.82; Illi- renewable and may be readily replacnois with, a per capita of $2.05, spends ed without sending the shoe to UiuNotice To the Public!I will pay this season the nighestprices that have ever been known InParis for horse hides, beef hides,heap pelts and furs.I will also pay the hlgiest marketprice for Rags and Paper. I will sendafter it any place In the city. Callby Cumberland phone 374. Office onEighth Street.(20-oct-lyr) MAX MUNICH.Piano Tuning!Since the death of my father, Mr.J. R. Hanna, well and favorably knownrer Paris and Bourbon County toryears as an expert piano-tuner, I haveMcceeded him in business, and willcontinue his work. I have been associated with him since childfeood, andI know what to do.Will be in Paris twice a week. Iam factory representative for the Dealer Piano. Call or write,OSCAR F. HANNA,485 West Sixth St.,(2mar-tf) Lexington, Ky.IT IS TRUE-that the unusual sale of a remedy isthe best evidence of its meritHM!annually on each child $42.92.Of the Southern States only Texas,Oklahoma and Louisiana take preced-shoemaker.The new shoes are no heavier thanthose of leather, and are said to beten over Kentucky in the amount much more economical on account ofspent each year on the education of .the increased service secured.each child; but in the north, west andeast the amount varies from $27New Mexico to $77.14 in Nevada.inThe Oil It Tobaoco.Although the Havana or Havanaseed tobaccos are low in nicotine, theyare high in oil. The settlement in aCARS LEAVEParis Lexingtonfor forLexington Paris6:45 a. m. 6:00 a. m.7:30 a. m. 7:20 a. m.8:15 a. m. 8:00 a. m9:00 a. in . 8:50 a. m.9:.45 a. m. 10:20 a. m.11:15 a. m. 11:50 a. m12:45 p. m. 1:20 p. m.2:15 p. m. 2:50 p. m.3:45 p. m. 3:30 p. m.4:30 p. m. 4:20 p. m.5:15 p. m. 5:00 p. m6:05 p. m. 6:00 p. m6:50 p. m. 7:20 p. m8:15 p. m. 9:10 p. m10:05 p. m. 11:00 p. mCITY CARS ONLY.Lve. Court House Lve. Station 5.am 7.15 am7.45 am 8.00 2m8.15 am 8.30 am8.45 am 9.00 am9.15 am 9.30 am9.45 am 10.00 am10.15 am 10.30 am10.45 am 11.00 am11.15 am 11.30 am11.40 am 11.50 am12.00 m 12.15 pm12.45 pm 1.00 pm41.15 pm , 1.30 pm45 pm 2.00 pm2.15 pm 2.30 pm2.45 pm 3.00 pm3.15 pm 3.30 pm3.45 pm 4.00 pm4.15 pm 4.30 pm5.15 pm 5.00 pm4.45 pm 5.00 pmHERE IS A GOOD PLACE TO STOP FOR LITTLE MONEY.LOUISVILLE HOTEL, Louisville, Ky., Main St., bet 6th & 7th.The Only Hotel In Louisville Operated on'the American and European PlansAMERICAN PLAN Rooms without Bath but with Hot and Cold Runningwater (With Meals)75 Rooms single, $2.00 per day; 2 people, $2.08 each50 Rooms Single, 2.50 per day; 2 people, 2.25 each50 Front Rooms Single, 3.00 per day; 2 people, 2.50 eachRooms with Private Bath:50 Rooms single, 3.00 per day; 2 people, 2.75 each50 Rooms single, 3.50 per day; 2 people, 3.00 eachEUROPEAN PLAN Rooms without Bath but with Hot and Cold RunningWater (Without Meals)75 Rooms Single, $1.00 per day; 2 people, $0.75 each50 Rooms single, 1.25 per day; 2 people, 1.00 each50 Front Rooms single, 1.50 per day; 2 people, 1.25 eachRooms with Private Bath:50 Rooms single, 1.50 per day; 2 people, L25 each50 Rooms single, 2.00 per day; 2 people, 1.E0 eachTHE OLD INN, Louisville, Ky., Cor. 6th and Main Sts., European Pfea Sly.Rooms Without Bath, $1 and up; Rooms With Private Bartft, $1M 2 tgkBEST EATING PLACE IN TOWN.The Louisville Hotel and the Old Inn are located in the Trholmii G .2Land only a three-block's walk to the ra tail district and theatres.A MAN AND HIS WIFEmay both derive satisfactionby having their worn and soiledgarments cleaned by us. Thecost is nominal, while the pleasure of wearing old clothes thathave the appearance of new, inconjunction with the knowledgethat you are effecting a greatving, must surely satisfy you.A phone brings U3.LEVY, THE DRY CLEANERCumberland Phone 40Home Phone 1692L. & N. TIME TABLE(Effective Sunday, May 28. 1916, 12.01)ANOTHER FORD JOKE.A Chicago company, beginning witha modest capitalization of $5,000, hascreated an enormous run on Ford carsthat are not yet Fords. The companypipestem or the brown stai nobtaiued in question conceived the scheme offrom blowing tobacco smoke throughthe meshes of a handkerchief is notnicotine, as commonly supposed, butIs in reality tobacco oil, nicotine onlybeing obtained in extract by an elaborate process of distillation and double'distillation. The oil in cigar tobaw.equipping the stock Ford chassis andmotor with a body designed after thesumptuous linos of the palatial European mobr cars, the result being aroadster soiling in the neighborhoodo4; $G00, which bore the same resemblance to its sisters in the regularprevents the smoke being inhaled, as i! Ford dress that a peacock bears towould cause a strangulation and pair !a barnyard hen. The expenditure offul irritation. ja few hundred dollars brought such"T an avalanche of inquiries and orders. AppiQs cuudius. that the company which manufacturedAppius Claudius, suruamed Caecus tl)e wa8 forced to corral the en.(me mind), was a Roman statesman tire output of the Chicago Ford out-who lived during the third century before the Christian era. He was a Roman censor. 312 to 308, and consul, 307to 29G. He commenced the Appianway and completed the Appian aqueduct From his Roman jurisprudence,oratory, grammar and'l.atin prose datetheir: beginning. He abolished the limitation of the full right of citizenshipto landed proprietors. In his old agehe Ib said to have become blind, whencehis cognonieu'"Caecu8." He was theauthor of works in both prose andverse, of which almost nothing iskno-arn.let for the space of a day to catch upwith their deliveries.When' the case, was reported to Fordin Detroit it Is said it created a mentalstate ivot at all in accord with hiswell-known peace proclivities. Nevertheless the war goes merrily on.Financial Not.Also, young man, if you marrywife who knows how to economize,there will be more .ioney for you tospend. Galveston News.WinterTourist TicketsRound-trip Winter Tourist Ticketson sale daily Oct 1, 1916, until AprilSO, 1917, with final return limit May31, 1917, to all principal tourist .pointsin Alabama, Florida, Georgia, Louisiana, Mississippi, New Mexico, NorthCarolina, South Carolina, Texas andHavana, Cuba, allowing liberal stopover privileges on both going and return trip. Also low round-trip Homeseekers Tickets on sale first and thirdTuesdays of each month to points inAlabama, Florida, Louisiana andMississippi, with final return limittwenty-one days from date of sale.For further Information, call on or address W. V. SHAW, Agent,or J. K. SMITH. T. A.Celluloid letters to be set intogrooves in plate glass form a recentlyRHEUMATISM POWDERS . Iax Guaranteed to give relief froniiiiiemtigm.;.They are unusually large .Noverthless, it is small comfort to invented transparent sign.Hicrs. soKToaiy-oy as, ouc ana $i.uu. i"uubu. niuropean nations that IOBERDO.F.ER, The Druggist, icy are tlally carrying fewer sol- Russia has more blind people than-" Paris Kentucky. ers on tueir backs. tllG rGat of the world, two to one.PILES! PILES! PILES!WILLIAMS INDIAN PILE OINTMENT"Will cure Blind, Bleedinpr and Itching idles.It absorbs the tumors, allays itching at once,acts as a poultice, gives instant relief.For sale by all druggists, mail 50c and USX).WttJLUMS MFG. CO., Prtps.tClevcloiidtOfikOBERDORFER, The Druggist.TRAINS FROM ARRIVAL.No.134 Lexington, dally except Sunday . 5:18 m34 Atlanta, daily ........5:25 am"25 Cynthiana, dally except Sunday ,. .7:35 am.10 Rowland, dally except' Sunday ...!7:36 as11 Maysville daily except Sunday, .7:38 am40 Lexington daily except Sunday". ...,.. , .. .7:40 am17 Maysville, daily except Sunday ". 9:50 am37 Cincinnati, O., daily 9J52 am12 Lexington, daily 10:12 am33 Chicago, daily , 10:17 am26 Lexington, Daily Except Sunday5. .". 12:0039 Cynthiana, Daily Except Sunday 2:55 pm9 Maysville, Daily Except Sunday 3:oo jn138 Lexington, Daily . 3:12 pm38 Knoxville, Tenn., Daily 3:15 pn19 Maysville, Daily 5:40 pm39 Cincinnati, Daily Except Sunday 5:50 pm14 Lexington, Daily Except Sunday 6:18 p32 Jacksonville, Fla., Daily 6:33 pm31 Cincinnati, O., Daily 10:38 pra130 Lexington Dally 10:23 p atTRAINS FOR LEAV5No.16 Maysville, Daily except Sunday 5:3o &m34 Cincinnati, waily 5:30 am40 Cincinnati, daily except Sunday 7:45 am11 Lexington, daily except Sunday 7:47 am10 Maysville, daily except Sunday 7;48 am25 Lexington, daily except Sunday 9:55 a37 Knoxville, dally 9:57 am133 Lexington, daily .. 10:20 am33 Jacksonville, daily 10:22 am18 Maysville, daily 12:04 pm26 Cynthiana, daily except Sunday 12:05 pm13 Lexington, daily except Sunday 3:17 pm38 Cincinnati, daily 3:20 pm39 Lexington, daily except Sunday 5:57 pm9 Rowland, Daily except Sunday4.--.'. q.qq pm14 Maysville, daily except Sunday.' 6:33 pm32 Chicago, daily 6:38 pm30 Cynthiana, daily except Sunday . 6:48 pm139 Lexington, Sunday only !9:38 pm118 Maysville, Sunday only 9.30 pm119 Rowland, Sunday only..... 9:4U129 Lexington, Daily ... ......6:35 pB'cfeN'O. TRAINS Ah RIVE FROM2 Frankfort-, Ky., Daily Ex. Sunday , 7:33 a. m4 Frankfort, Ky., Daily Ex. Sunday s:so pTRAINS DEPART FORI Frankfort, Ky., Daily. Ex. Sunday 8:25 . ni.'3 Frankfort, Ky., Daily Ex. Sunda; ....,...;,...,.,.: .. 8:25 p. rn.VNlU!TUESDAY, MARCH 20, 1917.THE BOURBON NEWS, PARIS, KY.PAtt SEYSNa! eld 61 la 9 v UTHATlS THE POLISHwu .Ijl 'SHOE POLISHES10 -BLACK-WHITE-TAN- 10 f ftF.F.Dalley Co. of NewYorkJnc, SftSSrcT HOGAN'S LETTER TO HIS month I will have to ask you for it thePAL, MICKEY DARBY, next time I write."Your Sister Kate's Husband wentYour letter to hand asking for the to work to-day, afther being idle fourowi of Five Dollars, and I's sorry to years. He has two good years' worktttv, I can't let ye have it. But afther ahead of him, and if he behaves hiniiropping the letter in the Phost Office, self he will know a lot about makingI made up me moind to let ye have the shoes when he comes out.money. But I could not get It out "Iverything is awful high here inxain, to put the money in it New York, especially the Woolworth"Your uncle. Jerrv McCormick. died Building. Joe Mooney started to walkji.t wmV nvpr in Rvnnlrlvn affliPr u to tne toP oCWV " ww. w w .. - wVUflr Uf .... w.HEIR TO THRONE OF RUSSIAA PROMISING LADNEW YORK, March 19. Grant1uke Nicholas, idol of the Russia:"rmy, and ranked as Russia's mastestrategist, looms up as a big militar"ure of the hour in the empire, whiclhas just witnessed a successful an'almost bloodless revolution and the ablication of its emperor.The relinquishment of the throne bNicholas II automatically deprived binof his rank as comniantler-in-chief ofMie Russian armies. The heir to thethrone is an infant, and Grand Duke IMichael, named as regent, while a soldier of repute, is not of commandingmilitary experience.Thus the nation, the Petrograd dte.patches indicate, is turning to itsmost tried and trusted military leader.Grand Duke Nicholas is reported tohave arrived at the capital and theprobability is pointed to that he willtake command of the troops.Grand Duke Michael Alexandrovitchwho has be.en proclaimed Regent o"Russia by the Duma, is the onlybrother of the deposed Czar NicholasII. He was born on December 4, 1S78.and is ten years younger than hisbrother. He is reported to have become a bitter antagonist to the Czarever since the latter refused to recognize his marriage to a divorcee somyears ago.Emperor Nicholas II was born May18, 18GS, and succeeded his father, thelate Emperor Alexander III, on November 1, 1894. He was married to thePrincess Alexandra Alice, daughter ofthe Grand Duke of Hesse, and hasfour daughter and one son. The latter, Czarevitch Alexis, is the youngestchild, He was born August 12, 1904.iong illness, and afther he was deadthe doctor gave up all hopes of his re-bovery. rue rew dollars ne owes Ale,it last Summer andstarved to death before he got halfway up. They had to cremate him onthe spot, because the Doctor said thsh can keep to buy ice when he gets body would not kape until it reachedtne siuewaiK. iney neiu liio wane mthe Elevator coming down, and nothing was broken, and ivery body wasto the end of his journey. That is ifhe reaches the Place where his wifej.lvays Wished him to be."Before he died the Doctor orderedWhisky and Lemon every twenty minutes, and towled his wife to taste it tosee that it was not too strong. I suppose that it was a good thing in wanway that he died, because it will givethe poor woman a chanst to getsober."The Irish are all doing well here inNow York. The Healeys and theSUanleys own all of the Restaurants.1 won't mention anything in this letter?ibout the little Bill you owe me, butif you don't send it by the end of theIIs My Weather Prophet.can tell stormy weather daysoff by the twinges in my shoulders and knees. Rut here's 'anold friend that 60on drives out the painsand aches.Sloan's Liniment is so easy to apply, norubbing at all, it sinks right in and fixesthe pain. Cleaner than mussy plasters andointments. Try it for gout, lumbago, neuralgia, bruises and sprains.At your druggist, 25c. 50c. and SI .00.GERMAN INFLUENCE SEENIN GOMEZ REVOLUTION.WONDERFUL STUFF!LIFT OUT YOURCORNS.Apply a Few Drops Then Lift Cornsor Callouses Off With Fingers.NO PAIN.friendly with each other, because j Nq humbug! Any corn whetheithere was nothing to drink m the car j hardj soft or Detween the toes, willcoming down. It was too bad, because , loosen right up and lift out, without"you know how poor Joe loved excite- a particle of pain or sorenessment"Afther the funeral your Aunt Maggie said, The best man in the worldcould only live until he died."And, by Golly, I believe that's longenough for Anny man to live. Regardsto the wife, and remember meyoure .passing The Phost Office."Professional Cards.Bourbon Buildinsr ScLoan AssociationTIRST NAT'L BANK BUILDINGIN REAREntrance onOF BANKFourth StreetHAVANA. March 19. It has . beendiscovered that not oniy was theGomez revolution in Cuba backed byGerman influences, but that it wasplanned to have similar revolutionssimultaneously in Haiti, Santo Domingo, Mexico a-nd either Honduras orCosta Rica, Central America, with apossible chance of stirring up troublein Columbia and Chile.This drug is called Ereezone and is j A letter written bv Dr. Pelavoa compound of ether discovered by a Garica to Orer.tes Fcrrara, liberal leadCincinnati man. er in Kew York, intercepted by theAsk at any drug store for a small Cuban authorities, it is said, gives thebottle of Freezone, which will east butjwllole 1)1()t awav In the communicaa trifle, but is sufficient to rid one's ,on u is S:li(1 n.., thero are assurances that German money was usedin the nurcha.se of ammunition andtender, aching corn or callous. I-' supplies for the rebels and that a comstantly the soreness disappears anamination of the republics mentionedI shortly the corn or callous will loosen would have the support and assistance'and can be lifted off with the lingers. !of Berlin not only during the war, but, This drug Freezone doesn't eat oir afterward when the victorious Teu-the corns or callouses, but shrivels tons would be in a position to dictateRelieve Sore, them without even irritating the sur-'fn thn iTnitPri States.j rounding skin. ' One or the promises made by Ger-Just think! No pain at all; no mP mrpnrs was that Germany wouldsoreness or smarting when applying if gee to it that the Piatt amendmentRheumatism is "pain only." or afterwards. If your druggist don't . whereby the United States is erapow-Not one case in fifty requires inter- have Freezone, have him order it for . crc to intervene in case of domesticnal treatment. Stop drugging! Rub you. (adv) ' (roubles in Cuba was nullified. Thatthe misery right away! Apply sootn-i 'would mean that the prosperous re; public would be at the mercy of every.adventurer powerful enough to starti feet of everv corn or callous.whin : put a few drops directly upon anyRUB IT!RHEUMATISMPAIN STOPS, TRY IT!Don't Suffer! InstantlyAching Muscles and Joints with"St. Jacob's Oil."DR. VM. KENNEYROOMS 403-404.:IRST NAT'L BANK BUILDING.PHONE 136.CHAPLINWALK,ing, penetrating "St Jacob's Oil" di, Knntli. iinnn Vio "tonrlor ennt" nnrJ TP.,cv "'" ,";; v r.r , ! HOW TH Ejiiei comes insuiimy. ou oawu o wnI conquers pain. It is harmless rheumatism liniment, which never disapipoints and can not burn the skinLimber up!17-rr Fo- Nncn aJ tl f ' a small trial bottle of "St. Jacob's Oil' jamous walk originatedjrv,, -..!., i.vov. -.w. t any dni& store and in.vjUsi a mo- .j used to live in the vicinity of the.ment you'll be free from rheumatic od Queen.s HeatL in Lambeth. Lon-Ipain, soreness and stiffness. Don t stamnine-eroundsuffer! Relief awaits you. "St Jacob's , don ha t)een y stamping groundi" wf oe r,i fnr Mn. ,. since I was a baby,' he informs usVoio liirnVm hnrfcfirhP. snrains and "The Queen's HeadIn the AprilStop complaining! Getjpanion Charlie Chaplin tells how hi,nmniNATED a revolution.u ' t The letter in question, it is said, willthp trial of ex-Presidentwoman s Home u-ombe used atGomez before court martial.'CANDIDATES WARNED OFNEW "CORRUPT PRACTICE ACT."raljria, lumbago, backache, sprains and !was a 'pub.WM, GRANNANAttorney-at-LawROOMS 401-402.FIRST NAT'L BANK BUILDING' swellings.(adY)It is highly important for candidatesfor office in Kentucky to familiarizethemselves with the provisions of thepassed by theThere was a cab stand near by and an "Corrupt Practice Act,old character they called 'Rummy' Legislature of 1016.The handle of a new wire carpet 'Binks was one of the landmarks. He It is compulsory that each canuibeater is raised several inches from had a bulbous nose, a crippled, rheu- date file with the County Clerk orthe main shaft to save its user's hand matic body, a swollen and distorted proper official an itemized satementfrom contact with a carpet.Automobile Hearse or Ambulance!I desire to announce to our friends that I can, wheredesired, furnish an automobile hearse or ambulance. Thismethod of transpertation is especially desired on long- trips,the same being made in better time, and at no advance incost over the horse-drawn conveyance.GEO. Y. DAVIS, Funeral Director.f g-wHjfr ,-, y iBi rfcv )?BBiifiyihi mnnnnHn isnYEH r-1-!Protect YourselfAgainst IllnessYou may 1ft enjoying the test of health today. There may come ariege of illness. Ae YOU PEEPAEED P0E IT?Doctor's bills and enforced idleness are expensive. When you have ai,v n,it von are nreoared to combat illness.Can von conceive of anything more tragic than a long period of illness..without any funds?Therefore, if You Haven't a BankAccount, Start One TodayFarmers' & Traders' Bankpair of feet, and the most extraordt- of expenses incurred dunng his camj nary pair of trousers I ever saw. He paign, such as printing, stationery,I must have got them from a giant, and stamps, stenographers, rent for publiche was a little man. halls for speaking, and all other x-"When I saw Rummy shuffle his penses incurred pertaining to his elec,way across the pavement to hold a tion. Such papers must he filed fif-cabman's horse for a .penny tip, I was teen days before the primary, and alsofascinated. The walk was so funny to fifteen days before tne regular eiec-me that I imitated it When I showed tion.tray mother how Rummy walked, she The .penalty for failing to complybegged me to stop because it was cruel with this law, is a fine in any sum notto imitate a misfortune like tnat. to exceed o,uuu, or iu oe connneu mBut while she pleaded she had her the county jail not to exceed sixapron stuffed in her mouth. Then she months, or both.went into the pantry and giggled for j The BOURBON NEWS has been apten minutes. - pointed as agent in Bourbon county"Day after day I cultivated thai to handle and sell the Thomas Kenwalk. It became an obsession. When- tucky Ele' "' :i Forms, which arcever I pulled it, I was sure of a augh. used for ti.is purpose. With theseNow, no matter what else I may do forms it is no trouble to keep an acniot ic nmnsinfr. T p.nri never cret awav nnratp p.nrmnt. of expenditures, etc.from that walk. These forms are reserved and ,protec-"Not long ago I went on in a New ' ea by law by the Cadiz Record, ofYork theatre to say a few words. I Cadiz, Ky.was in orthodox evening dress. Th All candidates are required to makeaudience behaved as though it wa3 these statements, and the easiest andtongue-tied. So was I. I began to get best way is to purchase one ot tneseuncomfortable. The occasion was too forms now. The price is ?1.d0. Comesolemn for words. I quit talking and in ami see one, and give us your order,seizing an inspiration I shuffled off the ye have samples to show, but willstage with my Rummy walk. The iiave to send in orders to Cadaz forroar that broke loose in that house st0ck. We are going to send in anamazed me., I had to shuffle back and oraer next week. Let yours comethen shuffle off again. Then I had to .t, Wie rest.rvice Firstt The City has added a new Fire Truckto its equipment to provide adequate andefficient protection to you.The County has built modern roads foryour convenience, safety and comfort andto provide an efficient means of travel andtransportation.The Home TelephoneCompany has added a new Truck toits equipment, which, with its other two,will provide an efficient means of caring-forthe plant which furnishes modern telephone service.. Have you a HOME PHONE? Join themodern procession. Call contracts department now.Paris Home Telephone 8 Telegraph Co.(Incorporated)J. J. VEATCH, .District Manager.W. H. CANNON, THOMAS IL WMITH.Equipment Manager. Cashier.v.-unIf "you men want to make an investment that will make you -from 25 to1 OO.per cent profitCome In and Buy AnOvercoat For Next Year.We dnly have about 50 Overcoats,and the prices have been cut unmercifully. Sizes 34 to 44. Styles willbe good for next season. Saturdaywill be a good day to give them the4,once over.Spring Suits, Shirts, Hats, etc., arriv-mcr oaiiv. we, five Blue iraomorStamps.TWINQloihing and Shoe Dept.BR0SL. Wollstsin, Prtpj4urbon LaundryDWIS & FUNK, Prop?.Telephone No. 4. West 5 StreetSatfefcactionWMchwordis OurtcJWith all the latest improvements in laundryappliances and experthelpers we are preparedto do work inferior tonone, and solicit yoorpatronage.mBourbon Laundry,Paris Kentucky,shuffle on again and talk, and everyword I said drew a roar or laughtersimply because of the shuffle."(tf)THE BOURBON NEWS,Paris, Ky.F. P. RISER, PresidentJNO. J. M.CLINTOCK, Casn e.WM. GRIMES Bookkepr.Sixth and Main Street Paris, KyDEAFNESS CANNOT BE CUREDBy local applications, as tfliey cannotreach the diseased portion of the ear.There is only one way to cure deafness, and that is by constitutionalremedies. Deafness is caused by aninflamed condition of the mucous lining of .the Eustachian Tube. Whenthis tube is inflamed you have arumbling sound or imperfect hearing,and when it is entirely closed, deafness is the result, and unless the inflammation can be taken out and thistube restored to its normal condition,hearing will be destroyed forever;nme cases out of ten are caused byCatarrah, which is nothing but an inflamed condition of the mucous surfaces. We will give One Hundred Dollarsfor any case of Deafness (caused bycatarrh) that cannot be cured byHall's Catarrh Cure. Send for circulars, free.F. J. CHENEY & CO.,Toledo, Ohio.Sold by Drugglflto, 75c- Take Hall's Family Pilla for constipaHoo. i " : (adr-mar)BAD COLDSFROMSUDDENCHANGES. TSpring brings all kinds of weatherand with it come colds and the revival of winter coughs and lioar-s-ness.Dr. Bell's Pine-Tar-Honey willhead off a new cold or stop the oldone, the soothing balsams relieve thet. thrnnt and heal the irritated tissues. Get a bottle to-day and starttreatment at once. At your druggist.25c. Formula on tne Dotue.(adv-mar)ifr'fli'4i'M"M"M'fr'I,,,Mi''3,C! Sole Agency1 STACY -ADAMSSHOESSUFFERING AND SURGERYcan be avoided by usingPILE REMEDY.Relieve yourself of this ailment athome. Easy to use and thoroughlydependable. Sold only by us 50c andOBERDORFER, The; Druggist,Paris, Ky.$7-o and $7-50Take Advantage of These Prices $and Save Money.HARRY LINVILLEMiiiiiniiiiniiiMiiiintHiiiinmiiiiimniiiitj-PAGE EIGHTrt-vTHE BOURBON NEWS, PARIS, KY.TUESDAY, MARCH H, If 17.r"EVERYWOMAN" AT THELEXINGTON OPERA HOUSEOn of the distinguished characteristics of a dramatic spectacle, "Every"Woman," which Henry W. Savage willer at the Lexington Opera House,BOWLING LEAGUE CONTESTSCOME TO sCLOSE CURTISHENRY TEAM CHAMPIONS.DICKEY.Mrs. Ella Dickey, wife of the Rev.C. K. Dickey, formerly of Millershurg.who died at her home in Louisville.With the game between the R. P."Walsh and Bourbon Laundry teams atxiesaay ana xuesaay matinee is the the Fordham Alleys, Thursday nighf.iage size. There are two complete the serics games between memberscarloads of scenery and electrical ef- nP T, toM- tu t , wW(li,o Tfco fnnrfnnf nlnn lo Tnn. f tnG PaS BOWling LeagUe, WhlClltkan'the majority of mrge attractions. nas been in Process since December last week, of tumor of the brain, wasIt c fhtx ant in Tvhiri ia rnnracontoH Zt. CaniC tO a ClOSe. (JlirtlS MenrV team "'" u mail 1050 Ul JXMV. J. Jthe fanfare and riot of New Year's. winning the championship,live on Broadway, New York. Those The final game was a corker,-who have witnessed it are amazed at the viewpoint of the victors, the Launtke faithfulness of the picture. It $ry tean3f Wjnning oy the skin-of-their-ifas painted by Walter Burbndge who teeth f three ins Thvisited Broaaway at the time descnb , . . & ... . , t ,H and made pen-pictures of the aston Walsh team battled manfully, but theiehing scenes just after the theaters Laundry team was too much for themluxo released "their patrons and the and they went down in defeat. Jackhilarity has set in. There is, perhaps, son, for the winners, made the highestjn actual life, no other situation so individual score, bowling 188 in thedifficult to reproduce. Seats now sell-third game For the iosing team, Dun-' 1 r r i 1 it . I03-11 bowled 172 for first place, in theSeveral from Paris attended the per-1.. . , ,. , . l ' .formance last night, and came awayjtnird same, followed for second lion-delighted wiUi the superb production ;ors y Douglas, who ,put over just oneA larirA ftmwd will iro over to-dav for less pin, making his score 171. Forknown turfman, who is at present atTlajuana race track, in Southern Cali-DEATHS. fornia, and one daughter, Mrs. M. H.Davis, of Maysllck, Mason county, for-'merly Miss Emma Hukill, and oneI niece, Mrs. Laura Hanly, of Atlanta,ua. ie was a brother of the late Mr.John Hukill, of Paris, also a mercanttailor, who died in Paris some yearsDickey, jpastor of Hutchison Chapel, atMlirniet-lTl thin siminf-i'.frvnn "'iqiu, hub tuuutj.O'CONNOR.Mr. Moses O'Connor, sixty yearsold, died at his home in Frankfort, Friday, after a short illness of hearttrouble. Mr. O'Connor was one of thepioneers in the newspaper business inthe State, and was editor of the DailyJournal, at Frankfort, when it was established as the first afternoon daily1in that city.ago.The funeral services will be- held atthe family residence, on Broadway, at'2 p. m. to-morrow (Wednesday) andwill be conducted by Rev. W. O. Sadler, of the Methodist Church. Burialwill take place in the Paris CemeteryBetter Thanan Auction!BREEZY LETTER FROMTHE BREEZY WEST.I THE NEWS is in receipt of a breezyletter from a former resident of1 Bourbon county, in which she pays avery Handsome compliment to THENEWS, as all well-regulated people donRTTTHP.HFTTCT,n uo appreciate a really good HomeMr. John B. Crutchfield, aged six- home paper- We UP our nat to thetv-four. dip.d at. his liomP. in Tnatcr writer. The letter follows:." . ' . ... "v T-the matinee performance.w ii m. 1- r.. ... .1.1. ..1 " hnria . nnfonn ninmi. in ini7(adv 'the Laundry team Funk came second !i?SL wPe- lJ- uniicnneia was a na-' , fn; thw wwqV' 'I.IVt 111 II if VMI I M fMllIHV MP TVflC Tll-cr . -.- -.-m,,jNEW OIL COMPANY..'with 174.j At the conclusion of the games thelosers tendered the winners a lunch-Hon. Abrain Renick, of Winchester, ' eon, in which good cheer and fellowBrother of Mr. B. M. Renick, president 'shjp mingled with the viands andA t-v s irfil! " !.- 1, A f01 ine irans muiiug o., nus vwu Qiier tilingsclated Gas & Gasoline Co., which hasjust been organized at Irvine with acapital Ji ci,uuu,uuu. iue nwwij-iformed company will enter the oil teams were present and joined in thef eld in Estill County in developing the festivities. One of the features of thenatural oil resources of that section. SOcial hour was the attempt of theArticles ol incorporation nave Deen losin2. Walsh team to nut Bernardc of the County Clerk;,. . ffi-, ..... ,, BttBnntnKjaiiLVii, uiuuui owici auu ouiuouiaiiToasts were proposedland responded to, and the affair partook of the nature of a social recep'tion. All the members of the variousHied in the ofliat Irvinn. Mr. W. E. Hancock, formerly c Beaumont, Texas, an oil expert, will be general manager of thenew company.'in the cellar," an unneverthless amusingB-4 HREInsure witteW.O.HINTON &SON,AgtsMJDNIGHT FIRE DESTROYSFINE GEORGETOWN RESIDENCE.of the Leaguesuccessful but1I stuntj There being some slight differencejof opinion regarding the closeness ofI the score the winners proposed thatthe game be called a tie. and that anextra game, to be determined by theI pin totals, be played. This resultedias follows: R. P. Walsh Team Hill137; Kenton, 145; Bridges, 164; Dougjlass, 126; Duncan, 159; total, 731.Bourbon Laundry Team Santen, 141;Burgin, 123; NeaK 120; Jackson, 156;Walsh majorityA two-story frame residence belonging to W. A. Gaines, at Georgetown,vaR tntnllv destroyed bv fire aboutmidniffht Thursdav. The house is lo-JFunk, US; total, 658cated beyond the citv limits in Royai . 73.Spring Addition. The loss is about a game is being arranged for to-$2,000, with ?l,o00 insurance. , nihl t0 be piaye(i at the FordhamAlleys between the Curtis Henry team,Vir r n 11 a Tit win n pre: nnrl ;i nfo.kpil tpnmorigin 1 lv" ' ""-" ,.of the best bowlers representing thejotner teams ol tnef league, rnis win,-. - . c f- , - - -be one of the most interesting eventsFire, wma and lightning m-.c the wcek among the b0WlInB fra.The place had been vacant buttw days and new tenants were tohave moved in Friday. Theof the fire is unknown.SUranCC. Iternity.Thnmas. Woodford & Brvan. The following is the score of. .7 .-:V41 .iDeliciousJuicy Meats!VEALPORKCHOPSSTEAKSThe gest Roast Beefand Breakfast Bacon inthe World.closing game:R. P. WALSH.11 Hill 160Kenton 157Bridges 136Douglass 171Duncan 13S136152138102167the3155146147152172Totals 762 695 772BOURBON LAUNDRY.1Santen i 167Burgin 153Neal 121Jackson 145Funk 128147140146137160315S134188174WALLINGFORD.Death last Thursday removed oneof the oldest citizens of Maysville,when Mr. Buckner Ashby Wallingford,eighty-two, retired tobacco merchantwas summoned. He was born nearMaysville, where he had lived practically all his life, with the exception ofa few years, when he was in businessin Cincinnati. He retired many yearsago, due to failing health.He is survived by his son, BucknerWallingford, Jr., a member of the firmof Walter, Wallingford & CoT, ironmerchants, with offices in the TractionBuilding, in Cincinnati; Mrs. DavidAnderson, and five grandchildren.The funeral was. held from thehome of his sister, Mrs. Kate Wallingford, on East Third street, Saturdayafternoon, at 2:30 o'clock, with services conducted by Rev. J. H. Fielding, rector of the Church of the Nativity, f-oilowed burial in the MaysvilleCemetery.3 nao ju&i 1 , , . . 'married to Miss Boulden, of Millers-1 cim Whm5 uie present opportuburg, who died, leaving two sons, nity of writing regarding your newsyJohn Hurst and William Boulden, who Pa,per' whlch is a frequent and welsurvive. Later he married his sister-Lc.ome uest at our Western home,in-law, Mrs. Margaret Boulden. The .ou are to be congratulated upon pubremain were taken to Lexington, j "shing such an interesting and helpwhere funeral services were held at PaPer which is a credit to thethe grave in the Lexington Cemeterv, i Place where it is published, and to allconducted by Rev. I. J .Spencer. " wno are concerned in the work necessary w get it up.VI was born near North Middletown.Bourbon county, and lived there untilnineteen years of age, when my fatherdecided to come West about threeyears ago."I see that Paris and Bourboncounty have been visited lately byheavy rainstorms. Out here a goodold-fashioned rainstorm would be higl -lyappreciated for the reason that itwould cause this twelve-inch-on-the-levelsnow to diminish. This has beena winter that will not soon be forgotten. Ranchers who have been herefor thirty years say they have neverhad such a winter in Montana. Stockall over the country is dying from coldand lack cf proper feed, which hasbeen scarce and hard to get Themercury frequently registered 52 debrees below zero. The scarcity of feedfor stock throughout the State hascaused great alarm among the stockmen. "Farm products .are soaring inprice, potatoes, $2.25 to 2.50 per cwtbeans, 15 cents per pound; and allfoodstuffs in proportion. We are located at a distance of sixty-two milesfrom a depot, but the Northern Pacific road is planning to nut a roadSULLIVAN.Mr. Cornelius V. Sullivan,agedOn Thursday, Friday and Saturday, ONLY(MARCH 22nd, 23rd and 24th)We Will SellBsst Eating Potatoes At & APER PECK Owt(Remember we give assure enough peck 15 pounds.)Arbuckle Coffee O A "Search Light'' Matchesper pound UC j 500 count, per box..."Clean-Easy" Soap, the best of allLaundry Soaps, at 6 bas for5c25cWe reserve the right to limit all purchases,free delivery to all parts of the city.Yes, we haveAgain We are Offering the CelebratedBLUE RIBBON GARDEN SEEDSAt 3 Regular 5c Papers For 10c.,Bring Us All Your Produce and You'll Get the HighestMl D.tiCl 1 ji anrice.BUSY BEE CASH STOREfifty-three, for thirty-three years in the j through here in the early fall, providemploy of the Louisville & Nashville !ing the country has not bv that timeroad at Lexington, died at St. Joseph's been plunged in war. or there is noHospital, in Lexington, after an illness prospect of another strike on the railof eight weeks. Mr. Sullivan v.-as a.roa(iS- we will derive great benefitbrother of Mr. Jerre Sullivan, of Lex Ifroni this extension of the Northernington, formerly of Centerville, this pacific, as it will enhance the value ofcounty, who, in an effort to prolong our lands, as well as affording us reliefins orouiera me, suuimuteu tu iwuifrnm hfi rm n. nn we firn now under.operations for the transfusion of bloodinto his veins. He was depot masterat the Louisville & Nashville freightdepot"Since the enactment of the 640-acrehomestead law, most of us have beenenabled to secure the additional 320acres, making a nice lurm 01 b4U acresWestern States. Statics show that iter and coal rights. When we firstMontana has more school buildings, ' came out West we were groatly dischurches and other improvements con-jgusted and displeased with the counstructed and projected than any other try, as there seemed nothing to breakState in the Union. We also- boast of ; the monotony, but soon small townshaving a very healthful climate, free and postoffices sprang up in. our im-iruui lypnoia germs, luoercuiosis. etc. mediate vicinitv. I nnf in nn- nTmiw.The land here is ver productive, andwe have raised some very fine cropsof wheat, flax, all kinds of gardoiistuff, with the exception of tomatoes,for which the season isn't long enough."We have a great supply of coal, forwhich no money has to be paid out, allwidow, Mrs. Annie McCarty Sullivan,one sister, Mrs. Mary C. Stewart, and Jono brother, Mr. Jerre Sullivan.The funeral was held Sunday afternoon at 2:30 o'clock, at St. Paul'schurch, in Lexington, with services134 ' conducted by Rev. Father Libert deWaegenaere. rne pau-oearers wereJames McCarty, Ed. Birch, Frank B.Carr, Jas. B. Lyons, Wm. Haydon,i John Clark, John Scully, and R. J.788 ' Colbert. The burial followed in theLaundry Totals "32 uatnonc uemetery at Lexington.R P Walsh Totals 2229 At a meeting of the Knights of Cn'lumbus, of which he was a member, ., . ., o i appropriate resolutions on the deathLauncir iuujuulj ' j nf ATr Cniiivnn wpm nnssRcl. Tim.. ........ .. - t. .Knights attended the funeral.Mr. Sullivan is survived by hi? .Montana is surely coming to the front, I one has to do is to go out and mine itand will soon surpass some of thelTh government reserves all the wa-tion for a post-office, and now have aoffice of my own. Wo also have aatore, and all good homesteads, andlast, but not least, good health. Tellall the good people of Paris who desire to regain their health to come toParis, Montana. It is imply greaL"Very Truly,"MISS LUCY B. RITCHIEL"Totals 714 730r IS13! UBBclWILMOTHGrocery Co.Phone 376HOUSE PASSES THEOLIVER TAX LAW.MARGOLIN'SSPECIALSFor This WeekWe Are KillingK RAISED STOCKFed and Raised inBourbon County.BEEF, PORK,VEAL ANDLAMBCLARK.The funeral of Mrs. Elizabeth 'Griffith Clark, who died Saturday'At Frankfort, Fridav e House, af-, night at the Massie Memorial Hospitalter a preliminary W 'x-tweeu in this city, alter a long illness, dueRepresentative Frank 3. Greens and to a complication of diseases, was heldHarvey Mvers, the latter being in the yesterday afternoon at 2:30 o'clock. Ichair in an appeal, passed Hie Oliver with services conducted at the grave!Bill, creating the State Tax Commis- in the Paris Cemetery by Rev. Dr. O. fsion bv a vote of 67 to 26. The bill R. Mangum, pastor of the Paris Bap-!will now go to the Senate and af tist church, of which she had longter being reported to that body, will , been a member. jbe ready for consideration in the up j The pall-bearers were Martin Kinder house by the middle of this week, i kenney, W. E. Kane, Lawrence Van-'hook, Hi. iu. itans, uaviu oman anuiAllie Rowland.Mrs. Clark was the widow of the Ilate Mr. Newton Clark, and was for a .Tmmediatelv before the passage ofthe bill the Roach substitute was defeated by a vote of 28 to 66. The onlyonmonHmfmts addpd to the bill were tomake the per diem of the Board of .long time a resident of Pans. SomeCounty Tax Supervisors $5 and reducing the fee of County Clerks in certifying tax receipts from five to twocents.The Oliver Bill as passed by theHouse creates a State Tax Commission to be composed of the State Auyears ago Mrs. uiarR was cnosen asjTruant Officer for the public schools Iof Paris, under the provisions of the 'Compulsory School Attendance Act, inwhich capacity she gave eminent satisfaction. She was a woman of cultureand refinement and was devoted to herThe Balance of Winter Shoes Must BeSold at Once to MakeRoom ForSpring GoodsDaily Arriving!SftSii Greater is the Reduction of Prices!Do as thousands of others are doing. Buy now forfuture as well as present needs. Not for a long timewill you be able to buy high grade shoes at prices solow.nllnf" up;Ladies' Dawn Grey Kid, Also Mahogany Tan, Most Fashionable Boots at AlmostONE-HALF THE PRICE YOU PAY ELSEWHEREditor and a Republican commissioner ' friends, family and her church.and a Democratic commissioner to ueappointed by the Governor. An appropriation of $15,000 is provided annually for the maintenance of the Commission and its subordinates. The salaryof the Auditor is increased $600 .annually, the commissioners will receive$3,600 annually and the Secretary osalary of $2,000.The bill carries an emergency clauseand 'becomes effective as soon as it ispassed, by the Senate and signed bythe Governor.The House defeated the effort ofRepresentative Vance to attach to theOliver Bill a referendum clause to refer it to the people for ratificationThe amendment of Representative McMurray giving the taxpayers the rightof appeal to the Quarterly Court fromincreases of assessments made by theCounty Board of Tax Supervisors instead of to the State Tax Commissioners, was adopted by the House.She is survived by one son, Mr. .NoahClark, of Paris; one Brother, Mr. Ed. SGriffith, of Chicago, and two half-brothers, Dr. J. M. Patterson, of Kansas City, Mo., and Dr. D. C. Pattersonof Broadwell, Harrison county. A sou,Air. Rogers Clark, died several years iage in Madisonville, Ky., where he hadbeen in business.NEW MAIL SERVICE.CALL UPMARGOLEN'Sfirst Ciass Meat MarketThe new mail schedule on the Lou-I'isville & Nashville, between Maysville and Lexington and Paris. Millersturg and Carlisle, went into effectyesterday. The mail from Maysville,I Carlisle and Millershurg will now beBrought on the 5:00 p. m. train instead or 2: is p. m., under the presentsjstem. The 12:05 train from Pari?"will cany mail to .Millershurg, Carlisle and Maysville, instead of the oneat 7:48 a. m. The change will be beneficial in many respects.-rHUKILL.Death came suddenly and withoutwarning yesterday afternoon to Mr.William Hukill, Sr., aged eighty-five,one of the best-known residents ofParis. Mr. Hukill had not been on thestreets for some time, and seemed tobe in his usual good uealth yesterday.He had for months been in the habitof sitting in a chair near the frontwindow which overlooks the courthouse and the streets. Yesterday afternoon a little before two o'clock Mrs.Hukill came to him ab ne was sittingin his chair, with a remark that shehad just received a letter from theirdaughter, Mrs. M. H. Davis, of Mayslick, and would read it to him. Asshe started to open the letter Mr. Hukill dropper over dead.Mr. Hukill was a native of Paris. Iwhere he had spent the most of hislong life. He was for many years inthe .merchant tailoring business, andwas a man of quiet tastes and habits,and a man whom everyone liked andrespected.He is survived by his widow, whowas Miss Lizzie Mitchell, of Louisville; two- eons, Mr. William R. Hukill, of Paris', Deputy State Fire Marshal; Mr. James Hukill, of Paris,, well'Ladies' Dull Kid High Cut Boots$4.50 values S2.99Ladies' Dark Russia"Calf Boots$6.00 values 3.6SLadies' Patent Kid Cloth Top Boots5.00 values 2.49Ladies' Patent and Gun Metal Shoes$3.50 values 1 .99Ladies' Gun Metal. button, $2. 50 val. 1 .69Ladies' Felt Boudoirs, SI. 00 values .49Ladies's Felt Juliets, fur trimmed$1.50 values 79Men's Russia and Plat. Calf English WalkOver Samples, $6.00 values $4,00Men's Russia and Platinum Calf Walk-Overand Beacon, $4.50 values $3.4-9Men's Gun Metal English Medium Toe Welts,$4.00 values $2.99Men's Gun Metal Button and LaceS3.00values 1.99Men's Tan and Black Romeos$1.50 values 99Men's Black Felt Slippers75-cent values .49Special Ladies' Slippers, Broken Sizes, $3 and $4 Values, at $1.49Boys', Misses and Children's Shoes at Great Bargain Prices.FROM TttEMacDonald-Kiley Bankrupt SaleMen's High Grade M. Sc K. $ 1 O.OO and $ 1 2.00 ShoesVarsity Shoes AA to DON SALE MERE AT ONE-HALF PRICEDAMParis' Greatest Shoe Store.C0HEM335 Main Street, Paris, Ky.iHHIMHMHMHi