'' vWV"1 iV'- A s ' - "5PUBLISHED EVERY TUESDAY AND FRIDAYUfTHE YEAR.$?VOLUME XXXVI 1PARIS, BOURBON COUNTY, KENTUCKY, TUESDAY, SEPTEMBER 25, 1317THEBOURBONNEWSf.11TARIS ASSURED OF ELECTRICCURRENT.There will be no danger of a shortage of electric current for lightingand power purposes in Paris, according to a statement made yesterdayto THE NEWS by representatives ofthe Paris Gas & Electric Company.Even with the present threatening-conditions the Paris plant has enoughcoal on hand to keep the machinerygoing for five weeks, during whichtime or sooner it is probable the situation will be relieved.A copy of the following telegram,the original of which had been sentto Mayor James C. Rogers, of Lexington, by Mr. H. A. Garfield, headof the Government Fuel ControlBoard at Washington, has been received at the local office."Suppliers of Lexington UtilitiesCompany and Kentucky Traction andTerminal Company have been direct-1ed to arrange delivery sufficient coalto keep these plants in operation."Understand shortage due to strike incertain Tennessee and Kentuckymines, which will receive immediateattention and action."This Government action has savedthis section from a coal famine,which caused fear that the Lexington Utilities Company, furnishingelectrical power to the greater partof Central Kentucky, would be forced to stop operations, leaving thewhole community without lights, telephones, interurban communicationor electric power. Quick steps bythe Government are now promised,and the action, it is believed, willmean the complete solution of thecoal problem in Eastern Kentuckymines', which has caused the state ofanxiety for more than a week.Locally the situation remains thesame. There is little or no coalcoming in, and while there is nogreat demand for it, the people areanxious to know what the prospects wll be for the future. It is asource of great satisfaction to knowthat' there win be no curtailment of-jelectrical current in this city.ISIS ESBOURBON BOYS LEAVE EOR CAMPTAYLOR.LEXNGTON RACES CLOSEBRILLIANT FINISH.INFif ty-six young men, representing The Lexington races closed Saturall walks of life, left Paris, Saturday day with one of the best cards ofmorning on a special train over the the season, and one of the largestLouisville & Nashville, at 7:47, for crowds ever seen on the grounds.Camp Taylor, near Louisville, where The principal event of the day wasthey will become a part of the great j the Breeders' Futurity. Kenneth Alfighting machine which- th,e State of exander's fine colt, Escoba, underKentucky will prepare for service in j the guidance of Jockey Knafrp, whothe United States army.The detachment had received orders to report to the Bourbon CoiintyBoard of Exemption at their office inthe court house Friday afternoon toreceive final instructions. After theyhad gathered there Hn. E. M. Dickson made a short address in whichhe apprised them of Bourbon's record in other wars and gave them aninspiring talk along the lines of patriotism. Distinguishing badges weregiven them, and "they were allowed togo to their homes or to remain inthe city, and to report at the courthouse Saturday morning at 6:45o'clock.At that hour the men were formedin line in front of the court house,and headed by a drum corps composed of Paris boys, and Mr. Wm. Ficklen, one of the oldest residents ofParis, accompanied by standard-bearerswith the United States flag,marched in double file to the L. & N.station. They were accompanied by alarge delegation ol Paris businesshad been brought from the East especially for this race, dashed fromsixth place down the stretch winningby a length, and setting a new record of 1:10 3-5 as a goal for two-year-oldsin the future. The favorite, Papp, was outside'the money.The winners were: First race,Colle, time 1:14 3-5; second race,Darnay, time 1:01 4-5; third race,Vogue, time 1:13 4-5; fourth race,Escoba, time 1:10 3-5; fifth race,Tokay, time 2:04 2-5; sixth race, Sis-Olga Star, time 1:52 2-5. The talentplunged heavy on the favorite, Papp,in the Futurity.The finest weather prevailed during the ten days of the meeting.The attendance from Bourbon countywas far above the average.fe fe feSTATE CONVENTION W. C. T. U.AT DAWSON SPRINGS.The thirty7seventh annual convention of the Kenluckv W. fl. T. TT.men, who fell in line behind them, jwm De held September 28 to OctoberTALL STYLES NOW ON DISPLAY.Commencing to-day our Fall stylesof select millinery will be on display and ready of inspection of theladies of Paris and Bourbon county.We will have no opening, but e'veryday from now on during the seasonwe iwll have everything that willappeal to the" smart dresser in Falland Winter millinery.1& IBSEND LITERATURE TO THE ARMYAND NAVY.An appeal for old magazines, papers and any kind of good readingmatter, not too old, though, has beenmade to the people of Paris by a representative of the navy, Mr. HaroldHarris, son of Mrs. Ernest Harris, ofthis city.Announcement was made to that Ieffect from the pulpits or the Parischurches yesterda;'. Anyone who hasa lot of magazines of .recent date, papers and other forms of reading matter for which they have no furtheruse, are asked to pack them lor shipment and they will be sent to thenavy by addressing them to Mr. Harris as follows:"Harold F. Harris,Hospital Steward,U. S. S. Panther,Care Postmaster,New York City, New York."This is a worthy cause, and onewhich should have the coloperation of every citizen of the city andcounty. A large number of magazines and other reading matter arethrown away by the readers afterthey are through with them. Thesecould be of further use by sendingthem as indicated above to the address given. Theboys in the army,the navy and the hospitals of thevarious ships can get a great deal ofentertainment out of them.Save your magazines and papersand send them to Mr. Harris.IS laSCENE OF RACING SHIFTS TOLOUISVILLE. Vunder the leadership of Judge E. BJanuary. At the depot a crowd estimated variously from one thousandto two thousand, had gathered.Farewells were spoken, the boysboys boarded the car, which was attached to the special train bearingother recruits from different countiesin this section, and were on theirway to Camp Taylor, followed by thecheers and good wishes of those leftbehind. Before their departure theywere presented with a plentiful supply of -tobacco aad cigarettes byCounty Clerk Pearce Paton, actingjointly for the Bpard of Exemptionand the, people of Paris.Many hearts ached when theywent, tears fell, and many facesshowed the strain. But with it allwent a thrill of hope and pride, a glorious feeling that there were on thattrain, no slackers, men upon whomthe great nation that bred them canrely in its hour of need men whowill fight for the preservation ofAmerican rights, for the,sustainmentof American honor, men who will enter the great arena clean of heart andhands, and without a taint of suspicion as to their motives.Let us who remain behind remember to-day that the battle these boysre wairiner aeainst homesickness, absence from their relatives is no less areal battle than they will be calledon to fight when they reach the firing line. In every act, in everythought, in every prayer, let us bewith them. Keep the home firesburning for them. Do our duty halfso well as they will theirs and victory will rest upon their shiningsteel before the time of strife is halfconsumed.E3 isBOYS' SUIT&AND OVERCOATS.2 at Dawson Springs. Several hundred delegates from the various sections of the State will be in attendance and the convention promises"tbbe the largest in the history, of theorganization.Dawson Springs, the seat of Christian county, enjoys the reputation ofbeing one of the most attractive littlehealth resorts in Kentucky and hassufficient hotels and boarding housesto entertain so lar?:e a convention.Among the noted speakers on theprogram are the National W. C. T.U. lecturer, Mrs. Addie BoileauParsels, wife of the famous divine,and Dr. William Arthur Ganfield.president of Centre College, Danville.Mrs. Frances E. beauchamp, Statepresident of the organization, willpreside during the five days' sessionand deliver the opening address.l-S 3KENTUCKIANS TELL FOOD ADMINISTRATION OF COALSITUATION.Y. M. C. A. ASKS $35,000,000 FORWAR WORK.A campaign to raise $35,000,000by July 1, 1918, to carry out thevast war work of the Y. M. C. A.,both at home and abroad, was started at a meeting ;n New York of theNational War Work Council of theAssociation. The first big drive toobtain contributions will be madeNovember 11 to 3 9, which has beendesignated as National CampaignWeek. National, departmental andState campaign committees will benamed to assist in the work.This sum is needed, an announcement from the council said, to coverthe work in 394 buildings and 116tents maintained for the soldiers andsailors in camps, cantonments andnaval stations in the United States;for the rapidly growing work inirrance and Ensrland among- theOFFICIALS SELECTED FOR DEM-J DISTRICT BOARD SELECT!inmu felUOTA FOR CAM?TAYLOR.Advices werA rpppfvoii t, ,,-a.e.-..Democratic State Campaign Commit- j terday to the effect t'hat the ThirdOCRATIC STATE CAMPAIGNDr. T. R. Welch, of Nicholasville,has been selected as chairman of theter Susie, time 1:14; seventh raca, American expeditionary troops, andfor the association work of the armiesin France, Russia and Italy now called by the military leaders of thosenations.fe fe JS3ANOTHER PARISIAN IN FLORIDAARMY.Paris friends have received copiesof the Miami, Florida, Herald, containing a write-up of the Floridatroops for the cantonment at Macon,Ga. The Herald pays a tribute to aformer Paris boy, Junius Wiggington, who is Cptain of Company M.,Second Florida Infantry, who hasseen service in the Pluilippines andon the Mexican border. The Herald'ssketch of Capt. Wiggington showshis excellent military record andcommends him for his actiyity withthe Florida National Guard.Captain Wiggingtonjs a son of thelate John T. Wiggington, who wasa resident of Paris in the seventies.and who was a remarkably giftedvocalist and musiqian.E3 3ANOTHER PARIS SINGER BECOMES POPULAR.9Mrs. W. M. Talbott made a veryfine impression on the people atCampbellsville State Convention ofthe Disciples of Christ. Mrs. Talbott sang several solos which werewell rendered. The people were continually asking for her to appear onthe program. Mrs. Talbott has a veryfine quality of voice and she alwaysis ready to use it for the good ofany righteous cause. The Paris folkstee, to. conduct the fight this fall forthe election of Charles H. Morris, theparty nominee for Attorney General,and the candidates for State Senatorand Representatives in the variousdistricts. Senator Selden R. Glenn,of Eddyville, has been named campaign secretary.Dr. w;elch, the State .CampaignChairman, is the party nominee forRepresentative in Jessamine county,and is a close personal and politicalfriend of Gov. A. O. Stanley.. Senator Glenn is a hold-over member ofthe next Legislature anda strongadministration supporter. Both areprominent in the party and wellqualified to direct the party fight.The campaign committee comprisesBoyce Gregory, Mayfield, first appellate court district; E. H. Wood,Pageville, second district; D. H.S,mith, Hodgenville, third district;E. J. McDermott, Louisville, fourthdistrict; Thomas A. Combs, Lexington, fifth district: Clafence Wood,Maysville, sixth district; Dr. S. R.Collier, West Liberty, seventh district. DR. BARROW RETURNS FROMTHE EAST.The coal situation in Central Kentucky was ltfid- before the Food Administration Friday by Lexington1men and they were informed that the ' are glad they have such talent.Government would do everything ta 1?3 ISpossible. Government control andoperation of the mines in Kentuckyis being considered, but this stn ' Our window is full of nifty shoeswill be taken only as a last resort I Prices are right. Styles are right.' ! (21-2t) LINVILLE'S SHOE STORE.HAVE A LOOK.Dr. David Barrow, director of theBase Hospital Unit No. 40, returned yesterday froni New York andWashington, after a short course ofspecial training in war surgery, andfinal completion of the unit in allits branches is expected to followwithin the next few days.At the close of the examinationone hundred and thirty-five menhave been definitely chosen, enlistedand mustered into the service, leaving but about eighteen to choose forservice, before the Hospital Corps of153 men is complete. There areseveral applicants whose names havenot been passed upon, and who willbe left ,to Dr. Barrow for final decision. The medical corps and thenurses' corps are fully organized.Dr. George Wilson, the enlistingofficer, states that there is still opportunity for about ten good men,over eighteen years of age, and ofstrong physique, to get a place inthe Hospital Corps. -Pa IS E" MR. JEFFERS PROMOTED,District Exemption Board, which' ?m session at Lexington, has 'begumthe work of selecting the thirdquota of forty per cent, of the Na- , -tionalarmy, which is to be "ready tomove, to Camp Zachary Taylor atLouisville, on October 6, according tothe announced program of ProvdatGeneral Crowder.Chairman Prichard has, gone to ,his home in Ashland for a brief respite before getting into this ex- .acting work this week, but a memberof the Board stated to a Paris piamthat in view of the fact that the WarDepartment has arranged for. tkmmobilization of the third cotimgemtthe first week in October, no time feto be lost in selecting the men whoare to compose the next forty percent, and that the Board has alreadybegun scanning ihe lists before them.While no negroes have been takes.yet on either "of the quotas whickhave been sent to the Louisville caatonment, it is thought by members ofthe District Board thatrthe next callwill include them. The colored conscripts have been regularly certified, the same as the white men, butso far no provisions have been madby the War Department to enlistthem in the service.For the past few days the Boardhas been busy cleaning up a largenumber of exemption cases, and 'itwas stated that tis week they willbe hardk at work getting the thirdquota of forty per cent, ready.te&EiHMMtMMHHIlWE KNOW HWCome to us. We've made specialprovisions this fall in providing nothing but all wool, and keeping theprices down $6 to $15.J. W. DAVIS & CO.l!S TSlCALL A TAXICAB!When vou want to make a hurry-,up call, phonethe Fordham Hotel,Cumberland telephone lU2b-J. iaxicab service. Calls promptly answered. (21-2t)E3 3 ISASHBR00K WILL CASE SETTLED.This week opens the fall racingseason at Douglas Park, startingWednesday, with the running of theInaugural Handicap, $2,000 added,as the feature of the opening day.More thoroughbreds are quartered atthe Beechmont course now than atany other time in its history. Thereare also more racers there of a "higherclass than ever before. The season atDouglas Park will continue sevendays. Three stakes will be run off,the other two being the LouisvilleCup Handicap, two miles, $2,500 added, and' the Beechmont SellingStakes, five and one-half furlongs,$1,500 added.Many of the stables which partici-1pated in the recent Lexington meeting rrived there last week, hutthere are still more to come. Theywill be there before the meetingopens, as all hae stalls engaged.In the Harrison County Court lastweek the Ashbrook will case was settled by an agreement between Mrs.Ashbrook's beneficiaries and theheirs of Felix G. Ashbrook. in me(settlement Miss Elizabeth Browning,'ATrs Ashbrook's niece and heir, according to her will, received $1,000in bank stocks, and certain dividendsand the use of the residence untilFebruary, amounting to $1,500. Thehousehold goods, including a diamond brooch and certain personalproperty, that the Ashbrook heirswaived claim to, are to be sold andthe proceeds, about $1,100, are tohe divided between Mrs. Ashbrook'ssisters. Mrs. Taylor, of Millersburg,ceive by Mrs. Ashbrook's will $1,000and Mrs. Browning, who were to reeach. . va isi WbBASKETBALL SCHEDULEThe Fail and Winter StylesIn Men's and Young JVIen's Suits jAre Now Ready For Your Inspection:Iill iwliiMiHHI' SIM k' . !IHllnBiIH..H..l ill I'll I IThe following is the official sched- (ule of games to be played this season by the basketball team of theParis High School'.Sept. 28, with Lexington at Lexington; Oct. 5, with Mt. Sterling atParis; Oct. 12, with Georgetown atnonrfnum: Oct. -9. with CynthianaEverything is in readiness for theat Paris; Oct, .26, with Frankfort atFrankfort; Nov. 2, with Qeorgeiowuat Paris; Nov. 9, with Mt. Sterlingat Mt. Sterling; Nov. 16, withFrankfort at Pari?; Nov. 28, withCyntnianaatvynthiana.For the young fellow whowants the style you willfind it in our ready-to-wearclothes.The NewFrench Sack Coatplaited back and yoke,patched pockets, very highwaisted coat with beltedback, graceful lines, thekind that you will be pleasedwith and which has style,wear and individuality thatother ready-to-wear clotheshave not. Fancy olivegreens, plaids, checks andnobby brown patterns.Prices From$15.00 to $30.00 iMore conservative modelsfor the man who does notwant such fancy styles, inneat worsteds and cheviots.Select your suit 4 now, whileour line is new' and complete. sDeserved promotion has come toMr. Harry Jeffers, of Paris, for manyyears in charge of the local office 'ofthe Kentucky Traction and TerminalCompany at Fifth and High streets.After years of faithful service inwhich he met fully all the requirements of the service, as a man andan official, and in which he earnedthe high esteem of Dusiness " men,traveling men and all others patronsof the road, Mr. Jeffers has been advanced to the responsible position ofgeneral freight agent in the Lexington office of the Traction Company.He' will be succeeded in the Parisoffice by Mr. J JR. Bonfield, of theLexington office, who will hold theposition until a permanent man isnamed as agent.During his residence here Mr.Jeffers proved himself a man worthyof the confidence and esteem of all,and the company has shown the rightspirit by sending him up higher.We regret to lose Mr. Jeffers, asboth official and resident, but areglad he has received deserved recognition. Our glad hand, "Jeff' andhere's hoping you'll be president ofthe company some day!ta 1 EaWASHINGTON BAEESL AMAZINGSTORY OP GERMAN INTRIGUEThe American Government's publicity spotlight revealing German intrigue-in neutral lands was turnedupon the expenditure of money bythe Berlin Foreign Office in an effort to influence Congress on the eveof the ruthless submarine campaign,which drove the United States towar.Secretary Lansing made publicwithout comment a message whichCount von Bernstorff sent to Berlinlast January asking authority to usefifty thousand dollars to influenceCongress through an organizationwhich the Foreign Office was remind-Jed had performed similar service before. 1 4yCount von Bernstorff also suggested an offieial declaration in favor ofIreland because of its effect here.The organization to be employedwas not named. Mr. Lansing did not -discussits identity. It was freelysuggested among officials, that it wasone of the societies which bombardedthe Senate and House with telegramswhen the President was asking for adeclaration of war. rThe disclosure adds another chap--terto the amazing stoy begun withthe publication of the famous Zim-merman note in which Germany proposed a Japanese-Mexican allianceagainst the United States, and whichhas included the Swedish breach ofneutrality.1 11 " "fAUTO COLUDHS WITH BUGGY.TO DEDICATE NEW CHURCH.opening of the Douglas Park meeting. General Manager John Hachmeister and his assistant, FrankBruen, have been Tiere for nearly twoweeks getting things in sliape.Fall Styles in John B. Stetson Soft and Stiff HatsMany New Styles in Rich Colors of Velours and Felts.Nettleton and Dr. Reed's Cushion Sole ShoesMitchell & BlakemoreStetson Hats Manhattan Shirts - Nettleton ShotsDr. Reed's CUshfon Sole ShoesWThe new Presbyterian church atNicholasville, Ky., will be dedicatedon next Sunday. " The dedicatorysermn will be preached by the Rev.Dr. TV. R. Laird, of Danville, Va.In the afternoon a Sunday SchoolInstitute will be held, conducted byThomas B. Talbot, of Louisville,Superintendent of Home Missionsand Sunday School Missionary ofWest Lexington Presbytery. Theservices will close Sunday nightwith a sermon by the Rev. Dr. W. A.Ganfield, President of Centre University, Danville. The new churchat Nichola"svine is completely equipped in every particular, and wasbuilt under the pastorate of the Rev.J. J. Rice, now pastor at Paris. Thepresent pastor it the Nicholasvillechurch" is the Rev. J. A. Trostle.DELIVERY Otf LIBERTY BONDS- TO BEGIN SEPT. 26.The delivery of Liberty Bonds tosubscribers will begin September 26.The number of bonds 'to.be deliveredis huge? The coupons number 8,-.700,000 of which more than sevenmillions are of ? 5,0 00 denominations.Secretary McAdoo suggests thatsubscribers hold their ad interim certificates already-issued instead of exchanging thein foi definite bondsnow because of' the likelihood thatCongress will authorize a bond issueat a 'higher rate which automaticallywill raise the rite' of the; previousiafeue. HOf course Sunday was not to passwithout the usual auto collisions to.record. m -Sunday afternoon an auto driven'by Mr. Day, demonstrator for the kAllen automobile, coming down Seventh street, collided at the corner ofSeventh and Main with a horse andbuggy, driven by Mr. Roscoe Carmi chael. The buggy was damaged,and the horse cut and severely bruised. Mr. Carmichael was thrownfrom the vehicle, but was unhurt.The horse was taken to the liverystable of Thos G-. Morris, where Itvwas treated by a veterinarian. Theauto was uninjured.While Mr. Scott Woodford wascoming 'to Paris in his machine, aHudson Super-Six, on the Cynthiana "pike Sunday night, the car failed tomake the proper turn at the inter- wsection of the Georgetown and Cynthiana pikes and skidded into a rockfence.Mr. Woodford was thrown out by tth'e shock, but not seriously injured.Three wheels of the machine weretorn off and other damage done to -it.Another machine was procuredand the damagd car brought in oaone wheel to the auto hospital.OCTOBER ILITERACY CAMPAIGN.The teachers and citizens of Kentucky are to make a great driveagainst illiteracy during the monthof October in an effort to teach,twenty thousand during that time toread and write.Sunday schools of the State havebeen asked to co-operate. Sunday,October 7th, has been designate asthe day when all Sunday schools Im.the State will have a program ievotd to the 'subject of illiteracy imKentucky and how to eradicate itLetters from moonlight pupitaare rejoiced over beiig able tetheir Bible, willbeTeai.,-l''!.&v&i ,ps1).w-r1i" i1-' imIttfPAGE TWOTHE BOURBON NEWS-aUIshd 188135 Year of Continuous Publication.jbllshed Every Tuesday and Friday.Year... $2.00 Six Months... $1.00Payable In Advance.WIFT Ct-iAMP. Editor and Owner.Any erroneous reflection upon thecharacter, standing or reputation otamy person, firm or corporation whichway appear in the columns of THEBOURBON NEWS will be gladly corrected if brought to attention of theeditor.ADVERTISING RATESDisplay Advertisements, $1.00 perinch for first time; 50 cents per incheach subsequent insertion.Reading Notices, 10 cents per lineeach issue; reading notices in blacktype, 20 cents per line, each issue.Cards of thanks, calls on candidates, obituaries and resolutions, andsimilar matter, 10 cents per line.Special rates for large advertisements and yearly contracts.The right of publisher is reservedto decline any advertisement or othernatter for publication.Announcements for political officesmust invariably be accompanied bythe cash.1 THE DEMOCRATIC TICKET.Por State Senator George Hon, ofClark CountyFor Representative C M. Thomas,of Bourbon County.Por Sheriff wm G- McCiintock.Tor County Clerk Poarce Paton.Por County Judge George Batterton. Por County Attorney David D.Cline.Por County Superintendent of SchoolsJ. B. Cay wood.For Jailer Thomas, Taul.For Assessor Salter Clark.For Coroner Rudolph Davis, Paris.Por Magistrate L- J- Fretwell, ParisPrecinct; John N. Shropshire,Centerville Precinct; E. P. Thomasson, Millersburg Precinct; Jno.S. Wiggins, Hutchison Precinct;R. O. Turner, Ruddles Mills Precinct; John S. Talbott, North Mid-dletown Precinct; S. R. Burns, Little Rock Precinct; Lee Stephenson, Clintonville Precinct.Por Mayor B- B- January.Por Chief of Police W. Fred Link.Por Councilmen First Ward JohnMerringer, John Christman andThos. Kiser; Second Ward S. K.Nichols, J. J. Veatch and JohnArkle; Third Ward Geo. Doyle.T.TITTATJTAT. TVTTTSrNTttS.That Larue Record.The record made by Larue countyin the matter of securing men forthe army was nothing like so good asthat of Marion county, and yet ithas made a record probably unequalin all history that not a singleman called before the exemption"board of the county was found physically deficient or wished to be exempted from service on any ground.The Courier-Journal, ordinarily accurate and conservative, publishedan article on its first page statingthat Larue had made this remarkable record, and, quite naturally,newspapers throughout the lengthand breadth of the land commentedon it. The article was wholly un-ture, and just why the paper did notascertain the correctness of the report about this "wonderful record"before using the story onits first page under a double-columnhead remains a mystery tomany.Larue county's quota is 66 men,and not 132 as published in the'Courier-Journal's article. Insteadof every man called before the board"being physically fit and none claiming exemption, as stated in the article, it was necessary for the exemption board to call 332 men to secure the required 66 men. In MarionI county the quota is 116 men and to-secure these the local exemptionboard called but 394 men." Thus itmay be seen that Marion county'srecord is far better than that of La-rue. In fact, Larue's record is nobetter than the average county inthe State and not so good as manyof them. -The rmblicitv that has been jrivenLnriiA bv the Courier-Journal is notthe kind that helps or is desired, andthe Hodgenville Herald thinks thecountv has been done a great injus-tice. Naturally the county wantspraise where it is due, but it has nodesire to sail under false colors andclaim honors to which it is not entitled.1 D liberty Bond Savings.0 haVnt of thrift has been so.Mnnnnnrna'AH in America by thegicauj cuwuio - -Liberty Loan Bonos wnicn d,pyed.icustrongly to patriou&m duu ..same time, furnished such a splendidl..iZ?-tnr- -OVITlfr tliat it iS be-opport-ucviyj,. .ji .i"C5lieved that an era of economy andi 11 -Um-iti in "Mcsaving nas oeen vyen uc6uu ination.tk American neople are now thoro'ughly informed in the matter ofGovernment bonds and it seems theconsensus of opinion of authoritieson such matters that the next Liberty bond issue will sell more readilythan the two billion dollar issuewhich has just been over-subscribedfifty per cent. Thrift joins with patriotism and humanity to make thenext bond issue a tuccess.The opinion is also expressed thatthe savings banks deposits in thiscountry will grow as this habit ofthrift grows. The small purchasersof Liberty Loan Bonds did not payfor their bonds Vvith money drawnfrom savings banks, but are now paying for them out of new savings,and the habit of thrift thus broughtabout will increase savings banks deposits. This has been the experience ofEngland. Great Britain has soldsince the war began over ten billiondollars in war bonds to her citizens,yet the savings banks deposits inEngland and Wales alone increasedsixty million dollars in 1916.The first issue of Liberty LoanBonds is not only as President Wilson says "America's endorsement ofour entry into the war," it is evidence of our financial strength andour nation's solidarity and patriotismand also of American thrift.Home From Ceylon. ,A Kentuckian, who was for a timea dweller in the Island of Ceylon,talks entertainingly of his sojournthere, and relates many interestingexperiences in that "Half-way Houseof the East." In spite of the manyimprovements made by the whiteman, it is not a favorable place forthe rearing of children. The climateis not kind to them, their development is slow, and often arrested.The little brown babies are merryand bright-eyed, however, and seemto be as happy as their little whitebrothers, but never quite so happy aswhen given a bit of palm sugar tosuck. The natives, many of them,retain Hheir old religious customs:and visit the temples of Buddah with7ealous regularity, and often theirpenitential acts are laborious andpainful. It is not an uncommon spectacle to see men, women and evenchildren, rolling in the dust of theroads, or streets, to reach the Templemany miles away rrhaps to seek forgiveness for some wrong-doing, andsuch sights cause no more interest orsurprise there than a boy on a bicycle here or in other places of advanced civilization.s E3 E2SOLDIER INSURANCE."One of the uses to which it is proposed to devote part of the proceedsof Liberty Loan Bonds is to affordto our -soldiers and sailors life andindemnity insurance and to providefor allowances to their dependentfamilies while thsy are in the ranks.On ttiis point Secretary McAdoo, ofthe Treasury, whose plan of insurance for our fighting men was en-'dorsed by President Wilson and isnow embodied in a law pending before Congress, says:"Every' soldier and sailor whoserves his country in this war willearn everything the proposed war insurance bill provides; to be a beneficiary of the proposed law will be abadge of honor."When wre draft a wage earner, wecall not only him but the entire family to the flag; the sacrifice entailedis not divisible. The wife and children, the mother, the father, are allinvolved in the sacrifice they directlyybear the burden of defense.They suffer just as much as the soldier, but in a different way, and thenation must generously discharge asa proud privilege the duty of maintaining them until the soldier andsailors return from the war and resume the responsibility."We have drawn the sword to vindicate American's violated rights, torestore peace and justice, and to secure progress of civilization. Wecannot permit our soldiers, whilethey hold the front, to be stabbed inthe back by uncertainty as to whatis being done for their loved ones athome. Our tomorrows are in theirhands theirs in our. The nationalconscience will not permit Americansoldiers and their dependents to gounprovided with everything that ajust, generous and noble people cando to compensate them for the suffering and sacrifices they make toserve their country."Rs IS 19STANDARD WHEAT PRICE NOTTO APPLY TO SEED.The standard price of $2.20 abushel for wheat will not be enforcedfor seed wheat. Edward M. Flesh, ofSt. Louis, President of the GrainCorporation Association in a tele-srram to Commissioner of Agriculture Cohen, stated tnat the government will not interfere with privateagreements unless extortion is apparent. Cohen has been asked by Ken-tucky farmers to get a statement ofthe standard price for seed wheatThey have been asked $J.5U a ousnei-Id b i-AMERICANS URGED TO DEEPERSENSE OP RESPONSIBILITY.Vice President Marshall, speakingii ,,, f Cnnt icli T?Uo, TVTacrmcutjieuittuiwii ui uwn-wu i w,.urged a deeper sense of Americanobligation in tne war. ie aeciareahe wanted the war to end, but not toJI ill i--U .-. -. f nunmr In-nAenu until lii ycujnc ui ccij icmupossessed 'the right to make peace... ,. ,, . xi i-ot. declare war airecuy or inroug"their chosen representatives.Liquor improves with 'age, and bodo people who let-alone;vTHE BOURBON jfrEWS, PARIS, KY.Young Fpreign Ministerof New Russian CabinetAs Russia wrangled with grave internal political problems which havebeen manifold since the revolution, theresponsibilities of the Kcrensky government have become more and moreburdensome. ' Standing nixt to thePremier is a young man, who, with hischief, has been guiding the destiniesof the country against great odds.This young man is M. I. Terestchenko,the Foreign Minister. The accompanying picture is the only one of him thathas come to the United States. He isthe man who has been moulding Rus-PEW WOMEN OP TO-DAY WORKBLINDLY.Used to be that daughters adheredstrictly to mothers' methods of homemanagement. They used certain baking leceips simply because they werefavorites of a former generation.Times have changed radically. Colleges and clubs have been establishedfor the express puipose of determining just which baking methods andbaking materials are best. Many domestic scientists devote their lives toresearch and experimental work.They conduct exhaustive comparativetests. They accept and endorse onlysuch methods and baking processes ashave been found superior throughscientific measurement of merit.These decisions are given wide publicity. The,result is that the housewife of to-day produces more wholesome and perfect bakings at less costthan ever before.In investigating the decisionshanded down by pure food specialistsand eminent domestic scientists,-it' isplainly evident that the overwhelming majority employ and advocate theuse of Calumet Baking Powder. Calumet has won this popularity amongexperts on merit alone. They showno partiality. To obtain their approval a product must possess superiority. Calumet has been grantedthat approval for several reasonsfirst because it is absolutely sure inresults, never fails, and next becauseit is perfectly pure, leaves no trace ofharmful residue in foods. Thenbecause it produces a better grade ofbakings cakes, biscuits, etc., thatare remarkably light,, tender andtasty. Finally because Calumet'ssurety and moderate ' price it is themost economical of all Baking Powders in cost and use.This verdict this hearty endorsement coming from experts who haveproved Calumet's excellence beyonddispute certainly indicates that Calumet gives the housewife the utmostin Baking Powder value.S3 S3 IS316CORRESPONDENTS WITHTROOPS WILL BE ALL.In denying a request by Representative Gallivan, of Massachusetts,that representatives of local papersbe permitted to accompany variousState units of troops to France, Secretary Baker said that aside frommilitary reasons, to increase thenumber of correspondents with themwould do more harm than good froma news standpoint, by reducing theamount of news each writer souldsend by cable. The sixteen correspondents now in France, he explained, are utilizing all cable facilities.The best news from the soldiers, theSecretary said, will come in lettersto their friends and arrangementsare being made for facilitating thetransmission of such letters. iWHATKAHKI MEANS.Several inquiries have been madeof THE NEWS as to the meaning andorigin of the name "Kahki," as applied to the material used in tlieclothing which our soldier boys willwear when they, are in the Federalservice.Here is the answer: The word isof East India or Hindu origin andmeans "dusty" or "dust colored," according to War Department officials.There is a Persian word "khaki" alsowhich has the same meaning. Theword isapplied to any of the cloth ofa solid green-gray or drab color thatdoes not attract attention by itsbrightness or sho' dirt.Don't worry over a "mistake thatcan be corrected, but go to work andgUNPSRWOOPgjjff UNDERWOODcorrect it. s.3.THIS IlfbEJtTAINThe Proof , That Parii Readers CannoVDeny. ,What could furnish stronger evidence of the efficiency of any remedythat the test of time? Thousands ofpeople testify that Doan's KidneyPills have brought lasting results.Home endorsement should proveundoubtedly the merit of this remedy. Years ago your 'friends andneighbors testified to the relief theyhad derived from the use of Doan'sKidney Pills. They now confirm theirtestimonials. They saytime has completed the test.Geo. McCandles, Second street,Paris, says: "My kidneys were inactive and I had backaches. Doan'sKidney Pills put a stop to all thetrouble. They gave me complete relief." (Statement given January 17,1912.)NO TROUBLE SINCE. 'Over four years later, or on November 9, 1916, Mr. McCandles added: "I have not had any need ofa kidney remedy since I last endorsed Doan's Kidney Pills. I considermyself permanently cured."Price 60c, at all dealers. Don'tsimply ask for a kidney remedy getDoan's Kidney Pills the sa,me thatMr. McCandles has twice publiclyrecommended. Foster-Milbum Co.,IJrops., Buffalo, N. Y. (adv)Ift as feNo matter how dull trade may bein other lines of business the whipmanufactureer has a snap.T5i "fe "All people are bores when they areout of their place or out of theirtime.LOST.Between the L. & N. crossing atTenth street and Ahern & Burton'srestarurant a pair of gold rimmedspectcles in leather case. Reward willbe paid for their return either to thisoffice or to Ahern & Burton's restaurant. WANTED. ,Wanted, middle aged woman forgeneral housework. Must be neatand refined. Work is not hard. Allmorlern improvements. Two children. Good home for right party.Address,MRS. R. B. HAGER,(14-tf) Ft. Thomas, Ky.REAL ECONOMYMeans Buy Your Winter Supplyof Necessary Clothing Now.Twin Bros.619 Main Street, Paris, Ky.I'TTTTTTVTWNBRf For Dry Goods, Dress Goods, Silks, Shirt Waists, Ladies' and Misses' Ready-to-Wear Garments, Millinery, Etc.New, StylishFallJlJl8)T8JUST ARRIVED!SEE THEM!We Sell Ladies' Homer-MtU it dice!Carpenters to set up store fixtures.Good wages paid. Apply L H.KRESS & CO., New 25c Store, MainStreet, Paris, Ky. (2J-2t-pd)Administrator's Notice !All persons having claims againstthe estate of John Allen will pleasepresent same properly proven according to law to the undersigned forpayment. ,E. J. ALLEN, Adm'r.(3t-F-pd) Lexington, Ky. jFor Rent.Modern cottage of four rooms, inRosedale Addition to Paris. Apply toHARRY L. MITCHELL,735 Henderson St.,(18-tf) . Paris, Ky.Wanted.All kinds of second-hand furniture,carpets, rugs, stoves, etc. Cumberland Phone 780.THE ARK,F. B. Thomas, Manager.(18-3t)Scrap Iron Wanted.1 am paying fifty cents per hundredfor all kinds of scrap iron. Not lessthan 1,000 pounds. This material canbe weighed at any city scales. This Ito be relivered to the cars on the Louisville & Nashville tracks, oppositthe freight depot.Call us over the Cumberland 'phon347-J.MAX MUNICH,Eighth Street, Paris, Ky.loct20-lyr)Wait For This Public SaleThe undersigned will offer at public sale the latter part of thismonth the entire real estate holdings of the late Mr. GeorgeVarden.We believe it would be to the interest of any parties contemplating the purcha'se of either a home or investment property towait for this sale.SECURITY TRUST COMPANYAdministrator George VardenWhen the' time comes for us to replenish our stockprices will be greatly advanced. Present prices onMen's and Bovys' Suits, Overcoats; Underwear, Shoes,Etc., are very" reasonable at our, store.LET US HELP YOU SAVE !Clothing and Shoe Dept.We Give and Redeem Blue Trading StampsciH"H"IH WiMMiiiifr&. SEPT. SBATS50cJournal Patterns. 10TUESDAY, SEPTEMBER If, t17.FOR SALEPony, gentle, and good drlTr, witkcart and harness. Call Home Phone562 or 223. . (14-tf)' LOST.Bumper rail to an auto at junction of North Middletown and Mayaville pike, Sunday afternoon. Hasbeen welded about eighteen inchesfrom one end. Finder please returntoJ. HAL WOODFORD.Stoves Wanted.Will buy your second hand stoves,coal or gas, cookers and heaters.Must be in good condition. CallHome Phone 360, or(sept-4) J. ELVOVE.Home For Sale PrivatelyOn account of Mr. Napier's passenger run being changed from Paris toLexington and Cincinnati necessitating a removal to Lexington, I desireto dispose of my residtnee at the corner of Main and Second streets, inParis, at private sale.J This is a substantial brick house,two-stories, has six large rooms; -sleepingporch; two concrete porches;large garden and poultry yard; sideand front yard. It is a first-classhome and will be a bargain for th9purchaser. It is in first-class shape.An inspection of the house and premises is invited.MRS. JESSE S. NAPIER,(4-tf) 128 Mam Street.ANew GoodsARRIVING DAILYSt:art Your Girl'sSchool ClothesNow. Come and inspect our stock.- 15c; None Higher.TORE.&hfr.T , - t -15?Ji-. vV1' i.-?VJN.'.SJTUESDAY, SEPTEMBER 25, 1917.THE BOURBON NB WS, PARIS, Kft, FAG&t:NPhon d AmourTlie Phonograph with the Soul of the ViolmMake this testTake any record take everyrecord and try them all on Phond 'Amour.or ballad, opera or dance take some piece forviolin, some noble orchestration or band music.Try them on Phon d' Amour, the new Phonograph whichthe genius of that master instrument-maker (whom musicianshave named "The Doctor of Violins,") Mr. BernhardFritszch, has given to the world. 'Let your ear decideHere is a full, true tone which enters a perfectly turnedtone-arm from diaphragm madeof violin wood, emptying into atwo-chambered amplifier constructed of the same sweetening,mellowing wood; and issuing tostrike the ear in a rounded resonance never clipped or flatted.It is theviolin-wood constructionthat makes the difference whichmakes Phon d Amour the Phonograph with the Soul of the Violin.Phon d' Amouris the Phonograph for your home.Plays all Records.The Fritzsch Phonograph Company228-230 W. Seventh St. Cincinnati, O.Phon d' Amour is not anassembled" Phonograph.i wtmkTrade Mark. Copyright 1917 byThe Fritzsch Phonograph Companysocial And personal.i Comings and Going of OurFeople Here, There andElsewhere.Misses Martha and Louise Wyattare guests of friends in Ohio.Mr. James McDonald has returned from a visit to friends inLouisville.Miss Mary E. Ford, of Virginia,has entered as a student at the Millersburg College.Mr. L. A. Soper is prospecting inMississippi and visiting his big plan-I tation near Losdoches.I Mrs. Walter Gibson, of Cumberland Gap, Tenn., is a guest of Mrs.K. L. Stipp, m Clintonville.Mrs. Jessie Williams has returned to her home in Cynthiana, after "avisit to relatives in Paris.Mrs. Lida Conway is visiting herbrother, Mr. Harold Johnson, andMrs. Johnson, in Columbus, O.Mrs. Wm. Bedford, of Paris, isvisiting' her sister, Mrs. W. H. Clay,of Woodland avenue, Lexington.Mr. Roscoe Carmichael, of Paris,has gone to Colorado Springs, Colo.,on a prospecting and business trip.Miss Sarah Stevenson, of nearParis, has entered as a student atMargaret College, in Versailles, forthe 1917-'18 term.Miss Ethlyn Smith, of Clintonville, has taken a position with theplerical force of the Fayette NationalBank, in Lexington.Mrs. Ed. Andrews has returnedto her home in Lexington, after avisit to friends and relatives in Parisand North Middletown.Capt. and Mrs. James Taylor,and Mrs. Mary Santen and daughter,Miss Mary Joe Santen, have returned from a visit to Mrs. Frank Graff,in Augusta.EXPOSE OF GEEMAN INTKIGUEMADE BY LANSING." interurban Schedule. -" I i'OR YOUR SCRAP BOOK.Paris -;: "forLexington6:45 a. m.7:30 a. m.8:15 a. m.9:00 a. m9;45 a. m.11:15 a. m.12:45 p. m.2:15 p. m.1 5:45 p. m.4:30 p. m.6:15 p. m.6:05 p. m.6:60 p. m.8:16 p. m.10: Of p. xn.CARS LEAVE .i15 c-.UJ&:.1,9pr4LexingtonforParis: 6:00 a. m.7:20 a. en.8:00 a, m.8j5Q a. m.10:20 a11:50 a1:20 p2:60 p1:30 p4:20 p5:60 p -6:00 p. m.7:20 pnu9:.0 p. m.11:00 p. m.Big SpecialFor Saturday"' THE HEART.It isn't the money you make, "It isn't the work that you do,You can prosper and still be a fake,You can lie, and be brilliant, todAnd vain are the glory and f aineThat shall come from a, conqueringftght,None fenall joyfully mention yournameIf your heart isn't right..For the final result of a' lifeIsn't what did it do that was great;Not, was it supreme in its strife?Did it master the demon of fateBut what did it do that was kind?"Was it fair, although armored bymight?Did it leave gentle memories behind?Was the soul of it right?Men are praised not so much for theirskillAs they are for the good that theydo;Fame and glory a life will not fill,For man's wonderful conquests arefew.And the money you make and thefameWill vanish with you in the night,And few will remember your nameIf your heart isn't right.IBS l B.OROTJS.Pure Pork Sausage 30cVnrV Pilinna rtrPork Roast." 30c ,;REI) CROSS SEAL SALE TO RE VIG-Best Steak ' 25cRib Roast 20cChuck Steak 20cCountry Bacon 30cLard 25cPicnic Hams 25cBreakfast Bacon 40cIttflRGOLEN'SSanitary Meat MarketWilmoth'sSalt-RisingBread!Angel FoodCake!,-A.cDon't That"Listen Good?"WILMOTMf f-tt" -fc V IPhone 376 .The sale of Red Cross Seals willopen Novemher 20th this year whena campaign to raise $3,000,000 forthe anti-tuberculosis movement in theUnitedStates will be launcned. Fourhundred millions of seals have "beenprinted and 100,000,000 more are being prepared. They are very attractive this year and it -is expected thatthey will be more popular than ever,as the money is to provide facilitiesfor the care of the thousands ofcases of tuberculosis that the examination of the 10,000,000 men subjectto draft will disclose, as well as-toeducate the general public and thetjonsumptives themselves relative toi the danger of the spread of the disease. The funds will be administered'through the State. and local anti-tuberculosisassociations, in co-operationwith the military department ofh a. National Association ror tneStudy and Prevention of Tuberculosis, which also plans to raise a special, war fund in each State to care for theimmediate wants of discharged recruits and soldiers. The machineryfor handling the sale of the redcrosses is more' complete than everthis year with the aid of the 1,500anti-tuberculosis agencies, includingState and local, there is every reasonto believe that more than the contemplated $3,000,000 will be raised: TheState Tuberculosis Board will rendervigorous assistance and' "Insists thatwe shall profit by 'the jf atal mistakeof France and others of the alliesand rigidly exclude from ttie armyevery man. who shows ' . tuberculartendencies.to to toBOUND TO ROAST HIM.Sometimes TRJfeatherby and jiis wifeenjoyed the evening together withouta ripple. Other , times they wouldspat a little. She had been cross onone occasion, and he was inclined tobe peaceable that evening, so, afterreading a short time, he remarkedpleasantly:V:iwevr"I see iheyhave more proor tnatait sprang iroaiy-w fc."Well," saii ae, crustily, v "don'tJohn.tou worry.: t - 1tm&k'' Tow, dida't prinr-reryHwrj ; Weathtrby!guests at their home near Paris, Mrs.Clay's sister, Mrs. Paul Tutt anddaughters, Mary and Bettie Tutt, ofSt. Louis, Mo.Winchester Daily Democrat:"Mrs. J. W. Ishmael, Mrs. Riggs andMrs. Bettie Anderson, accompaniedby Mrs. McDaniel, of Maysville, composed a motor party to Paris, Wednesday." Mr. Russell Doty and Mr. andMrs. George Clouderr who have beenguests of Mr. and Mrs. James Doty,on Seventh street, returned yesterday to their home in Dayton, Ohio.Mr. George H. Prescott and wife,of St. Louis, Mo., have leased andtare occupying the W. B. Allen residence Oh Duncan avenue. Mrs. FrescOtt Was formerly Miss Hattie Larue,of near Shawhan.Miss Sue Ford, who has been aguest for the summer of her sister,Miss Alice Ford, in this city, has returned to Key West, Florida, whereshe will resume missionary workamong the natives and CubanstMr. Robert E. Rose, of the Louisville & Nashville,, underwent. successful operation for appendicitis atthe Massie Memorial Hospital, in thiscity, Wednesday night. He is getting along very nicely at present. -,Mr. Joseph M. Hall, of Paris, wasbeing greeted on the streets by numerous friends, whowere congratulating him on his return from theGood Samaritan Hospital, in Lexington, where he recently underwent asurgical operation.Mr. Turney Clay and Mr. JohnClay left yesterday in an auto forPurdue, Indiana, where they willmatriculate Ut Purdue University, totake a course in scientific farming.They were accompanied by Mr. andMrs. Harry Clay ,who will returnWednesday.The Danville Messenger says:"Prof. John Price, who recently graduated from Centre, is now on the faculty at Kentucky University, Lexington. He is assistant to Col. EnochGrehan, who is in charge of the department of Journalism. Price washere last week mingling with old fellows and new comers at Centre."The i following handsomely-engravedinvitations have been issued:"1917. The Board of Trustees,jFaculty and the Graduating Class ofNineteen Seventeen invite you to attend the Commencement Exercises ofthe Massie Memorial Hospital Schoolof Nursing, Thursday, Septembertwenty-seven, at eight o'clock,Nurses Home, White Addition, Paris,Kentucky."On the calender for the comingweek is the subscription dance to begiven at the Phoenix Hotel, Lexington, Ky., on Friday evening, Sept.28, which promises to be one of themost delightful events of its kindgiven this season. Smith's wellknown Saxophone Orchestra has beenengaged for the occasion and thecommittee in charge, Messrs. PrewitGum and Harry Rouse, Jr., have spared nothing to make it the best danceof the year. A number of out-of-townvisitors are expected and amost cordial invitation is extended toall.(Other Personals on Page 5.)WASHINGTON, -Sept. 24. Secretary Lansmg Friday made public, asan astounding -addition to the seriesof disclosures covering German intrigues in America and elsewhere, amessage sent by Count Von Bernstorff, former ambassador of Germany,in January, of this year, to the Berlin foreign office, requesting authority to pay out $50,000 to influence Congress through an unnamedorganization, apparently known tothe Berlin authorities. Count VonBernstorff indicated in his messagethat money had been paid this organization on former . occasions to perform the same work. The text of themessage, made public without comment, follows:"I request authority to pay out up to$50,000 (fifty thousand dollars) inorder, as on former occasions, to influence Congress, through the organization you know of, which can perhaps prevent war. I am beginningin the meantime to act accordingly.In the above circumstances a publicofficial German declaration in favorof Ireland is highly desirable, in order to gain the support of Irish influence here."The text of the message is givenout, without comment, in the samemanner as were the messages ofCount Luxburg, German minister toArgentina, which have disrupted relation between Argentina and Germany, and the letter of GermanMinister Von Eckhardt, in MexicoCity, recently made public.It is believed that the State department knows the name of the"organization" through which theGerman government operated in itsattempts to influence Congress. Ithas been suggested that the "organ-Mr. and Mrs. O. P. Clay have as kization" possibly was one of the so-called peace societies active at thattime.The extraordinary disclosures already made have caused the beliefthat agents of the United StatesGovernment have collected and compiled the entire story of German duplicity and intrigue and that additional chapters will be added.TEa to toGREAT FAITH IN CHAMBERLAIN'SCOHC AND DIARRHOEAREMEDY"Chamberlain's Colic and DiarrhoeaRemedy was used by my father abouta year ago when he had diarrhoea.It relieved him immediately and bytaking three doses he was absolutelycured. He has great faith til thisremedy," writes Mrs. W.H. Williams,Stanley, N. Y.(sept-adv)to to toTHE OCTOBER WOMAN'S1 HOMECOMPANION.Articles and fiction which stimulate and entertain are part of theOctober Woman's Home Companion."American Children," by Agnes Repllier; "The Women Go To War," byIda M. Tarbell; "Uncle Sam's CampMeeting" and "Cutting the Coal Bill"are only a few of the useful articles.The fiction includes the first installment of a new serial entitled"Flaming Knight," by Grace S. Richmond; and stories by Peter ClarkMacfarlane, Sophia Kerr, Walter A.Dyre, and Laura Miller. The regulardepartments for younger readers, thecooking, picture and fashion sectionsare,all up to the usual standard,matting a well rounded number.,' to to toCLIP THIS AND PIN ON WIFE'SDRESSER.Ouch !?!?!. This kind of roughtalk will be heard less here in townif people troubled wit hcorns willfollow the simple advice of this Cincinnati authority, who claims that afew drops of a drug called Freezonewhen applied to a tender, achingcorn or hardened callous dries upand lifts right off without pain.He says Freezone dries immediately and never inflames or even irritates the surrounding skin. A smallbottle of Freezone will cost very little at any drug store, but will positively remove every hard or soft cornor callous from one's feet. Millionsof American women will welcome thisannouncement since the inauguration of the high heels. If yourdruggist doesn't have Freezone tellhim to order a small bottle for you.(adv)to to toMany a man's hard luck is due tohis efforts to avoid hard work.EsraiIKlffclK'Iw w P f,02 h JM70JlfSU'it ,i rvi:t"READY FOR HER.(Answer.)Late in the afternoon Sarah, themaid, sought her mistress, with a little packet in her hand and a frownon her face."The lady next door, mum," she began, with a sniff of contempt, " 'asreturned us cheaper butter than whatwe leant 'er."The mistress did not even look upfrom her book as she replied:"That's all .right, Sarah! Justkeep it in the larder, and give it backto her when she wants to borrowsome more."$1.50TOC incinnatikand ReturnOn Special Sunday Excursion on250 TONS OF ALMONDS BRING$70,000.(Sacramento Bee.)tThe Durham Almond Growers' Association has sold its entire crop, estimated at 250 tons of nuts. About$7p,000 is said,, to be hnrolyed in' thetransaction, although the xteJ3pricevhas not been given out. "Tht sales,mprmade. ia, carload, lots to, wWely jparated parts 6i the Unlte4Sfafis.riSunday, Sept. 30Special train leaves Paris 8:20a. m., arriving in Cincinnati at10:30 a. m. tl' 'Returning 'leaves Cincinnati(4th Street Station) at 7'p. in.; J: V. W. V. SHAW, Aiantei-A- i ii VLSI tl"; fw;. DUMswxmmu, woA:hW & - m TwnttiUAL COMPANYtillltmH4fHlltiHlHHiHHMIHIIIIIMMMItolf, 12ile6c Co.Ecxington, Kentucky--Charming '-'"-MillneryModesFor AutumnIn the attractive array now ondisplay in our Millinery Department may be found the trend ofMillinery Styles for Fall.Hats ForEvery Occasion, tin modes chic and Parisian."-$7.50$10.00vj! WOLF, WILE & m. fLEXINGTON, KY.if HHiHlllHt'HHfHHHtHtttHlHMItlH! The Name Tells a True Story II!! ' I - - i!mtoitujUKHiHf Hio4lra.l' ?l lr HcIkcI SUBURBiiBl ai skWM wm' wdlKilBinH( mfiMm hmi w bV. m . mjmi .K;Hil twm r H b H H B H H UH VMf IMiV (H.(iiV HP' vBH H SH BH BBBl VBJBBr r Bv V v v Bf Bj Bj BV, Bv BBBPs:ISuperior FeaturesDouble Run Positive Force GrainGrain Feeds., Sow all known seeds, both large and small.Adjustable Disc Wind ShieldsTake up wear. Prevent tiash from catching betweenA disc and wheel.Both right -and left ground wheels drive all the feeds, vConductor TkCoe Tops permit connection of grass seedspouts ag grass seed can be sown, in rows.Reducing Pletes for alfalfa, millet, flax, etc.Angle Steel Ifoame reinforced with I-Beam Steel Bed RailHoppcrsof Large Carrying Capacity.OscHJating Drag Bar Heads(Single Disc only) give'greatest clearance of trash. "Disk Wheel and Sliding Pinion 'For change'of quantity.Folding Safety ' Levers .,. Take up least room in storing. ,r V. .. N"i Two-Part Axle Hangers Z?n?Not necessary to strip axle in case of accidental breakage.CIS; BAI OARiCor. F.urth art Plsaiit St.'ljrlQ.- "fi. Mt u.m ' vvvj'. -hvenoowmff-A TipNMMMNIMMMMMNNItenf-?sWi 3ucrKUY&g'tr-lil ti6J$ifik isas"'4W S fiJWij :(hi efiweJ-ln i wapaU iyii? r- 1,'trtrIUllMMi-.-' .. - " V i J-r? -Tajs viiw.H,THE BOURBON NJSWS, PARIS, KY.TUESDAY, SEPTEMBER 25, 191TTHE BOURBON NEWSSTATE CONVENTION TJ. 3). C.ELECTS OFITCEKS.Established 188136 Yearstinlons Publication.ofPublished Every Tuesday and Friday.Psr Year... $2.00 Six Months... $1.00Payable in Advance.WIFT CHAMP, Editor and Owner.-((ntered at the Parls, Kentucky,Poetoffice as Mail Matter of theSecond Class.)Mrs. W. X S ton ft. nf TTrnnTrfnrf. warWWU" . rTircori oo rna rf H Ctoto tnPRnekfaof the Kentucky Division, Daughtersof the Confederacy at the annualmeeting", which concluded its sessionsin Danville, Friday. Mrs. Stone,who held the office of auditor lastI year, was elected recording secretarythis year. The other officers electedwere: Mrs. James B. Camp, of Lou.MATRIMONIAL.isville, president; Mrs. Frank Gentry, day,v where both were visiting durof Lexington, first vice-president;Mrs. George Spillman, of Danville.second vice-president; Mrs. EdmoniaRoberts, of Bardstown, third vicepresident; Mrs. Charles Jenkins, ofLouisville, corresponding secretary;Mrs. L. M. Given, of Cynthiana,treasurer; Miss Ruth Jones, of Mayfield, registrar; Mrs. Maltby, ofMaysville, chaplain; Mrs. CharlesHardin, of Harrodsburg, assistantchaplain; Mrs. Sadie McCormick, ofWinchester, auditor.1 fe fiaTHEY BLAME IT ON THE WAR.A NEWSERVICE FORREADERS.OURTHE NEWS has jusl installed aPrestoplate machine, with which-we will be enabled to furnish ourTeaders each, week with first-classnews pictures from photos made bythe famous Underwood & Underwood studios. These pictures aremade from mats furnished from acentral office in New York, and areentirely different from the ordinary"boiler plate" or stereotype illustrations commonly seen in the papers.These news pictures tell in theirown way of important world eventsin the day's news,, and are of greatvalue as setting before the reader ina picpral way some news events hemay have read of just a short timepreviously... These mats will b.e received freshfrom headquarters each week, andour readers are to be congratulatedupon having an opportunity thus afforded them of getting this firstclass service, in addition to theWny other good things THE NEWSpresents each week.Fl -r-r .JfAYSvftLE 1AY6& TO SIGHTThe high price of wool yet bydiscriminative buying, we are able tooffer only all-wool clothes at onlyslight advances $15 to $35.J. W. DAVIS & CO.153 iCi ESSOME BIG EISH.ftEBDIdl? 0 JURY.Evidently determined to fight thetraffic law case to the very end andbeing dissatisfied with the verdictreached by a jury in Police Court afew days ago, Mayor J. Wesley Lee,of Maysville, has retained AttorneyPraik P. O'Donnell in the case. Theattorney filed in- the Police Court;Friday; notion and grounds for a'WHPr viai. - ..The jury gave the Mayor the lowest possible fine under the law andup to this time the Mayor has beenacting as his own attorney.In the petition for a new trial hesets forth nine reasons for the retrial of the case.THi TBS 1TO THIS MERCHANTS OF PARIS.The Secretary of the Treasury hasinstructed us to begin the SecondJ4berty Loan Campaign on October1, 1917. As much as $2,000,000 willbe required. This looks impossible,but it is not. Bourbon subscribed alarge sum in the first campaign andno one has cause to regret his subscription. To be successful we must have allthe advertising space possible. Weaxe asking you one and all to givespace in your show windows to onej- or more posters. These posters willj be distributed to you within a fewdays. .Please give them as much andas prominent space as you possiblycan. You will lose nothing by helpI ing your country when it is in dis-tress and when it needs your help1"bdly.K There are hundreds of thousands 1of boys, dear to an or us, now preparing to give their lives in behalf ofour country. Surely you will nothesitate to give freely your windowpace.1- .-Liberty Loan Committee, FourthDistrict.X W. STOLL, Chairman, Lexington.-isi m mf JfAYSVILLE PUTS "BLUE LAWS"IN FORCE.i Tor the first time Maysville experienced ' results of "Blue Laws"Sunday. Every place of business, exeept restaurants, was closed. Itwas ot possible to obtain ice cream,dears or. soda water in the city.Even ice wagons refused to makedeliveries. Enforcement of the"Blue Laws" was due to agitationof the last grand jury, who advisedjomsaowealths Attorney Grannisto emferce them. It is quite possiblethat oa next Sunday no newspaperswill tfe sold on the streets,- as agentsfearful of being indicted. JPMdrTAJt" AIJHOME FOR VISITO MLATJTE5r. MMK ttowara, sou ul iu. um.is at home for a visit tola. Parte. Mr. Howard hasfat the service of the U. S. N.at Xfttti. He has austa four-rears' service in the. Wary, aaC ; win re-eniist atIter spedjga few weeks atIsm' t ereryJ kro who cam comicthe war wearing tke saaiehe went away with.One of the finest catches of theseason was made Tuesday afternoon,when" Mr. Harry Hill, of the Louisville & Nashville, landed a big-mouth bass while fishing in StonerCreek, near Spears Mill.The bass weighed five and onehalf pounds when placed on thescales at the store of Lavin & Connell, and had undoubtedly lost afew ounces while being brought toParis. Mr. Hill was accompanied byhis father-in-law, Mr. Harvey Hibler,and the two fishermen had an afternoon of rare sport. There were moments of great . anxiety on the partof both as the big fish was beingplayed for a landing, and severaltimes it seemed as if the covetedprize would win the struggle, butfinally skill told against the fish,which, after a game battle lastingnearly thirty minutes, was safelylanded, The fish was one" of the finest specimens of the finny tribe everseen here and was admired by manyenvious anglers.' to feTHE LATEST SHADES. 'McNAMARA MORAN.The marriage of Miss Willie McNamara, daughter of Mr. and Mrs.James McNamara, of this city, andMr. John N. Moran, also of this city,took place in Lexington last Thurs-ing the races.The bride is an attractive youngwoman, who has been a member ofthe Cumberland Telephone Co.'slocal operating force. Mr. Moran isa son of Mr. Thomas Moran, formerly of Paris, and a brother of Mrs.James E. Craven, and Mr. JamesMoran, of this city. Mr. and -Mrs.Moran will make their home inParis.Tans, the new lighter shades, thestandard browns, the new customtie all with heels to please you(21-2t) LINVILLE'S SHOE STORE.REAL ESTATE-DEALS.Mr. Woodford Spears' purchasedlast week of Mr. and Mrs. L. D. Redmon their two-story brick residenceon Cypress street for a price notgiven out for publication. Mr. andMrs. Edward Spears will occupy theresidence.Mr. "B. T. Mattox sold to Mr. JamesCaldwell, of Oakland Farm, nearParis, forty-seven acres of land located on the- Paris and Jackstownpike, one mile from Paris, for $225per acre. The place adjoins Mr.Caldwell's farm in the rear, and wasknow as the Mitchell farm. MrCaldwell will get possession March1, 1918.fe JSl SB-4 FIREInsure withW.O.HINTON &SON,AglsRESIDENCE BURNS IN ABSENCEOF OCCUPANTS.A residence belonging to WarrenBybee, on Cleveland avenue, Glasgow, was burned, together ..with itscontents. The loss is estimated at'$5,000 with some insurance. Thebuilding was occupied by Mr. andMrs. Leon Pedigo and Mr. and Mrs.Lonnie Moore. The origin of the fireis unknown as both families were outof town.Fire, Wind and LightningInsurance.Thomas, Woodford & Bryan.m m ist -WOMAN'S CLUBS TO OPEN FALLSESSIONS.The Women's Clubs of Paris andCentral Kentucky will open theirmeetings for the club year on the.afternoon of the sixth of October.The program will consist of the announcement of the plans for theyear's programs by the chairmen ofthe departments. These outlineswill be given in full, as, for economical reasons, it is probable that noneof the clubs will have year booksprinted. All the subjects for theyear will pertain to the war andthe calendar promises to be unusually interesting.After the formal session of theclubs on the first Sunday afternoonin October the usual reception willbe held, and the members will havea reunion after the summer vacation.Each member is to be asked tobring a book from her collection tobe sent by the club to the soldiers'library.THOMPSON GRANT. .The marriage of Miss FrankieAllison Thompson, one of Georgetown's fairest daughters, and Dr.Henry Grant, of Louisville, tookplace Saturday evening in the FirstBaptist church in Georgetown andwas marked by its elegant simplicity.Mrs. Herndon Waller, of Paris, wasthe dame of honor. The bride is agirl of many accomplishments, and isa graduate of Georgetown College.Among the guests from Paris whoattended the wedding were Mrs. JohnClay, Mrs. J. Harry Clay, Miss Frances Clay, Messrs. John and TurneyClay, Mrs. Gano Hildreth, Mr. andMrs. Walter Payne,' Misses May andLucy Colville, Mrs. Thompson H.Tarr, Mrs. Lizzie D. Clay, Mrs. Birdie Clay Webb, Misses Susie andAnnie Clay, Mrs. R. J. Neely, MissMary Adams Talbott and Miss LizzieGrimes. IAfter a short bridal trip Mr. andMrs. Grant will be at home at theCourtland, in Louisville, until Dr.Grant answers his country's call andjoins Dr, David Barrow's Base Hospital Unit.v .,BEITZ SPRAGUE.Dr. George F. Sprague, of Lexington, and Miss Susanne Beitz, of4Farls, "secured a marriage licenseyesterday from County Clerk PearcePaton, and were married in Lexington later in the afternoon, Afterthe cereniohy Dr. and Mrs. Spragueleft for a trip to Washington City,and other points of interest in theEast.Dr. Sprague is a son of Dr. Geo.Sprague, director of the SpragueSanitarium, in Lexington, and hasbeen assisted with his father in thepractice of his profession. He willtake a special course of study inWashington City, and upon returning will locate iu Lexington.Mrs. Sprague has been a residentof Paris for several years, havingbeen a business associate of Mrs.Mary A. Paton. She attended StateUniversity at Lexington last year.She is a highly accomplished andatttractive young woman of amiabledisposition and pleasing personality.Dr. and Mrs. Sprague will takewith them the hearty good wishesof scores of warm friends in Paris.BAILEY FITHIAN. . (A message to his parents, Mr.and Mrs. Chas. Fithian, from Mr.Edward Fithian, Friday, told of hismarriage there to Miss MargaretBailey, of Louisville. Mr. and Mrs.Fithian will arrive here to-day enroute East on their wedding tour.The bride is an accomplishedyoung woman, the daughter of Mr.and Mrs. R. Owen Bailey, of Louisville, who has been a frequent visitor in Paris, as a guest at the homeof Mr. and Mrs. Swift Champe. Sheis an accomplished musician, and awoman of many graces of character.The groom is a son of Mr. andMrs. Charles N. Fithian, of Paris.He is a graduate of the MillersburgMilitary Institute, He has for several years been in business in Huntington, W. Va., but returning toParis, took a traveling position witha large wholesale jewelry concernof Cleveland, Ohio. He is at "present identified with a large brokerageconcern in Louisville: Mr. Fithianis a young man of integrity andsplendid business qaulifications, andwell worthy of the fair bride whonow wears His name. THE NEWSextends heartiest congratulations.and seventeen, at nine o'clock,Saint Paul's Church, Lexington,Kentucky."is to toSTOCK, CROP, ETC.I I14I1I 1 1 lllifiMt 11 tH li MFRANK m CO.The Reliable StoreTurney Bros, and Lew Taylor jsold Saturday 60 fine yearling mulesto Newt. Rankin, at a fancy price.Mr. J. Hal Woodford sold Satur-dav to H. S. Caywood 60 head of!1545-lb. cattle at 12 cents net. Mr.Caywoodbought this bunch for Swift i& Co.Business in the stock market hasbeen on the upward grade lately.Several large transactions have takenplace among local dealers, involvinglarge sums." Caywood & McClintocksold to A. B. Hancock 31 feeders atnine cents; 28 to Buckner Woodfordat nine cents; 30 to John Woodfordat nine cents; 30 to Tom Buckner. at8 cents; H. S. Caywood shippedseventeen cars of 'cattle from Richmond and eleven cars from Paris toSwift & Co.. at Chicago, which hebought at 12 cents per pound; J. D.Booth bought 5 head of 500-lb. feeding cattle from Wm. Oliver, of Mont-1gomery county, at $6.40 per hundred; Richard H. Wills bought fromMt. Sterling parties eight brokemules at prices from $140 to $200,one general purpose horse for $125,fourteen head of mules from Flem-Iing -county parties at $150 to $200each. 'E3 Ea laELECTION OF OFFICERS.Paris Council ,No. 30, Royal andSe!lct Masters, Paris, Ky., will holdan election of officers at 8:00 o'clockp. m., Tuesday, September 28, 1817.Your attendance is requested.JOS. H. EWALT. -Recorder.is to toTO TAX PAYERSTax receipts of thecity for 1917 are nowin the hands of CityCollector ClarenceThomas, at the Peoples Deposit Bank.Call and pay themnow.J.T;HINTON,(auglO-tf) Mayor,ANNOUNCE1 THEY ARE NOW SHOWINGThe Latest ModesINFall arid WinterReady-to-Wear GarmentsFor Ladies, Misses and ChildrenSerge and Satin DressesSuits For Ladies and Misses.Coats For Ladies, Misses and Children fSkirts of All KindsCrepe and Georgette WaistsEstrayed or Stolen.From my plac;v on Georgetown:pike, near Eighth street bridge, 'abay horse, 10' years old, tail slightly'worn off from rubbing, also spot onback made from harness. Both frontknees slightly scared. Informationleading to recovery will be rewarded.W. A. CROW,(25-tf) Paris, Ky.FOR SCHOOL GIRLSSEEJACK TAR MIDDIESNEW GINGHAM DRESSESPRICES REASONABLE .COME IN AND SEEFRANK (, CO.HHIHiillHIMHll I II 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 II 1 1 1 1 1 1 m n m I m MHOME OPGOOD CLOTHESTOR YOUNG MENFEDERAL CIRCUIT COURT CONVENES AT FRANKFORT.The f alLterm of the Federal Courtconvened at Frankfort yesterday forthe consideration of a large docketMessrs. Dan Isgrigg and John 'Johnson, of Paris, are on the grandjury,'while Albert Mitchell, Joe. H. Ewalt,TfcojHMUB Maker, Lawreeioe Hortom aaB. B. Marsh are .members of the petit!inrr IJ "" rf ISULLIVAN THORNTONThe marriage of Miss Mary Sullivan, daughter of Mr. and Mrs.Jere P. Sullivan, formerly of Centerville, to Mrs. Roger Thomas Thornton, of Buffalo, New York, will bersolemnized to-morrow morning a'tinine o'clock at St. Peter's CatholicChurch, in Lexington, .Rev. FatherWagonere officiating.Mr. Cornelius Thornton will bebest man and Miss Ella Sullivan,maid of honor. The bridesmaidswill be Misses Mary Brannon, Margaret McCarthy, Nellie Heafey,Marie, Furey. The ushers will beMessrs. Edgar Johnson, fcf Buffalo,New York, Cecil Harp, EdwardThornton and Frank McCarthy.A large number of friends andKelatives from Paris and Bourboncounty will attend the wedding.After the ceremony the bridal pairwill leave for a bridal trip, returning to Buffalo to make their home.T,he following invitations 1iavebeen sent out to friends-4tniT relatives in thlscity and. county:. 'Mr. and Mrs". Jere,P. Sullivan request th honor of your presence atthe marriage of their daughter;Mary Margaret to Mr. Roger ThomasThornton, on Wednseday, September-twenty-sixth, nineteen hundredwE ARE SURE you can find just the kind of a suit you want righthere in our shop. WeVe spent every effort in getting the stylesyoung men like to wear, and all you have to, do is come in and say"Latest Clothes" and you will be shown strictly' the season's latest.We can show you single or double breasted military sport suits withthe belt all around to button or buckle just as you wish.The belted and (Hnch backs are also shown, and to men who wantconservative styles we have the right model for you.Many new all-wool fabrics and many new color effects are foundbrowns, greys, fancy mixtures and plain blues and greens.We'd like to show them even if you are just "lookingExcellent values to suit every pursemaround.'$12.50 to $30.00. iThis is To Everybody4iv.afhe. one. aim of this oAc LA Aaiisfied cusomerJ, Irccaxtse hairriean'A steady c-uitomeAA. df yojx'Ae Aaiisfied yoxt don' caAeo take chanaeA elsewhere AatiifLed a-u&tomer Ia o-aA &esadveAtiAement. fn hiA stoAe we pive more A pec Lai attentionto detaitA, fy-aaJtity in merchandiAe and saJtixe in-pAice thanmoAt AtorcA. ' CLnd, of noiAAe,vse want to make s-uAe "&oi QAeSail fleet;" SThat'A why we Aay "SatiA faction &xaAanteed."R. P. WALSHLMain ad Seventh ONE-PRICE STOREiJI .. JP. y -Ci:i Z; Hope IW 448 1 ijv t ea ?pTrim.boiSFViiairHP:rsvoscboa4a&1,1' Jk ,r.- 7.f rWi4t!-. - ilT - L 1..- J,-. ,&& -Ar:" .ftv , .' --$??7 . v -1!'kSf-,' .0 -& '" - -n-tt-'?rTUESDAY, SEPTEMBER 25, 1917.THET BOURBOtf NEWS, PARIS, KY. , - . PAGE ITVSOCIAL AND PERSONAL.GOOD ATTRACTIONS.FOR THE BESTNOTHING ELSEWHEAT, RYE ANDTIMOTHY SEED.We have a limitedsupply of OhioGrownptiltz Wheat of veryfine QiiaSity. Alsoseed rye and timothyseed, all recleanedand tested.CHAS. S. BRENT & BRO.'septl4-7t)IS 153 TBIPEACHES FOE PRESERVING.Fine lot of peaches for preserving.Order now -while you can get them2t the right price,at) C. P. COOK & CO.is fti mWASH SUITS FOR FALL WEARFor the little kiddies, 3 to 8 years,in striking novelty patterns, in mili--arvand Middy Blouses." J. W. DAVIS & CO.IS IS TSKONE BUT THE BEST.Boys shoes that are guaranteed togive wear.(21-2t) LINVILLE'S SHOE STORE.AUTO LICENSES GRANTED.The following automobile licenseswere issued last week . from theoffice of Commissioner of Motor Vehicles Byars, at Frankfort, to Bourbon county partiep: Jackson Braniblette, Paris, Ford, 39512, R. 0. Turner, Paris, Ford, 39516.m i 11OH, BOYS, JUST LISTEN TO THIS.Governor Stanley telegraphed toProvost General Crowder that heapproved of the plans Crowder hadsuggested in his inquiry of recentdate, provided the Exemption Boardsare reorganized. Crowder had wiredJGovernor Stanley to know if he approved the immediate examination ofall men registered for selective draft.i fCLOSED TO-MORROW.Our store will be closed to-morrow(Wednesday) on account of that daybeing Jewish holiday. Will openfor business Thursday morning.(It) TWIN BROS. DEPT. STORE.-m m mTAXICAB SERVICE.Call Fordham Hotel, Cumberlandnhone 10 2 5-J. for quick taxicab service. Careful chauffeur and promptresponse to calls. (21-2t)THE BEST SCHOOL SHOES.For reliable schoolFeld's Shoe Store.shoes, go to(11-ft), THE WEATHER.i 'Weather prediction for the weekbeginning Sunday, Sept. 23, as sentout by the TJ. S. Weather BureauStation at Louisville, is as follows:For Ohio Valley and Tennessee!Fair early in wek; showers in OhioValley Tuesday; fair thereafter; rising temperature, followed by moderate fall. ,r- . tem feH S CLOSED r0-M0RR0W.Simon's Department Store will be'closed to-morrow (Wednesday) onaccount of Jewish holiday. Tnestore will be open Thursday morning.mm mTEACHERS EXAMINED.The last examination for the yearof white teachers applicants forState and county certificates wasconducted in the office of Miss Mabel Robbins, County Superintendentof Schools, in the court house Saturday.Those who took he examinationwere Margaret Craven, Allie Grimes,Roberta Gorham, Fay McWh'orterand Mrs. 0. P. Bell.WILL CLOSE T0-M0RB0W.Our store will be closed to-morrow(Wednesday) until 6 p. m. on account of that day being a Jewisb. holiday. MARGOLEN'S SANITARY MEATMARKET.MODEST PRICES IN FASHIONABLEMLLIINEBY.Every bat in our store is beautifuland handsome. You could not missit in picking out anything we haveon disnlav. The nrices are not high,.either, considering the high, cost ormaterials. The styles may be depended uron as being strictly correct.omtbing at all ages at variousrices to suit the customer.(21-2t) MRS. CORNE W. BAIRD.VOLLEY BALL GAMES.The first of a series of volley ball;ames between teams compofcea orusiness men and professional menas played at the Y. M. C. A. gym-tslum, but THS NEWS Wnt toress too early to learn me result.ther games will be layed'a tae)& VrOfTftHMtf.The teams arc about evemly ntatcb.-The lie-u is as follows: Bus-iess Men Bryam, Hry, ?id Sjmltk. ProCessioMl lUm Katk-Comings and Goings of OurPeople Here, There ariflElsewhere.Mr. Harry Jones spent Sundayand Monday in Ashland, as guest offriends.Mr. and Mrs. Harry Simon leftSunday for a few days visit to relatives in Cincinnati.Mr. John. L. Day has returnedfrom a visit to his sister, Mrs. W. A.Shumate, in Carter county.Mr. and Mrs. Albert Evans, ofnear Paris, have returned from avisit to relatives in West Virginia.Miss Edna Huffman returned toher home in Covington, Sunday,after a two-weeks' visit to friendsand relatives in Paris.Miss Winnie Williams has beenquite ill for the past week, but wasreported as improving yesterday.Mr. Dan W. Peed returned Sunday from Greenville, North Carolina,where he had been studying the tobacco markets.Mr. and Mrs. Edward Fithianwill arrive to-day from Cincinnatifor a visit to Mr. Fithian's parents,Mr. antl Mrs. Charles N. Fithian.Mr. Noah Spears left for Akron,Ohio, Sunday night, after a twoweeks' visit to his mother, Mrs.Henry Spears, and his sister, Mrs.Eddie Spears Hinton, on Mt. Airy.Mrs. Kirby Muir has returnedto Lexington after a three-weeks'visit to her sister, Mrs. Newton Tay-.lor, near Paris, and has taken a position, at the Woman's Exchange inthat city.Mr. and Mrs. Joseph' M. Hall, ofParis, will have a box and entertain,friends at the fall trotting meetingin Lexington. Mr. Hall is one of the"most enthusiastic admirers of thetrotting horse in the State.Mrs. Lewis T. Lilleston underwent an operation at Massie Hospital Sunday afernoon for gall stones.The operation was a successful one,and the patient is recovering nicelyfrom the effects.Among the Bourbon county people who attended the State Convention of the Christian church atCampbellsville, were Rev. and Mrs.W. A. Wolf, Everett Hopkins and Mr.and Mrs. D. W. Estill, of LittleRock.Mr. and Mrs. Robert Frank andchildren are expected home the lattel part of this week from SaranacLake, New York, where they havebeen for nearly a year. All are insplendid health, Miss Hallie Frankhaving gained fourteen pounds during her stay.Mr. Wm. C. Potts, who has beena guest at the home of Mr. and Mrs.George Duvall, on Lilleston avenue;left yesterday for Beckley, Wesfr Virginia, where he will conduct a publicity contest on a Beckley paper.Mrs. Potts and daughter will joinhim later on.Judge E. B. January, Homer Shy,James Templin, Wm. Dotson andWm. Lail, representing BourbonLodge I. 0. O. F., took part in thebig parade of Odd Fellows, in Louisville last week. Judge January andMr. Templin acted as aides to the'Grand Marshal pf the parade.Mr. Charles Carroll Leer andMr. Amos Turney were guests of Mr.Nathan Bayless, Sr., at his home onPleasant street, in Paris, on September ninth, when Mr. Bayless celebrated the "eighty-third anniversaryof his birth. The guests partook of.a substantial feast and helped thegenial host have a good time.Mr. Albert Lee Houston and Mr.Edward Gray, both of Lexington,were guests yesterday of Mr. Houston's sister, Miss Ruby Jane Houston, and Mrs. Spears Moore, onSixteenth street. They have beenaccepted as members of Dr. Barrow'sHospital Unit and will accompanythe corps to Fanco in October.Frank Higgins and Merritt Sli-cer. now stationed with the Bourboncontingent at Camp Taylor, were athome Sunday for a visit to theirfriends and relatives. They reportthe Bourbon boys are getting used tocamp life, and ready to do their bitin any way.(Other Personals on Page 3)MB R. B. HUTCHCBAPT VICTIMOF ACUTE INDIGESTION.Mr. R. B. Hutchcraft was strickenyesterday with an attack of acute indigestion while attending the stocksales at M. J. Murphy & Co.'s stockyards, and for a while was in a dangerous condition.Medical aid was summoned, andrestoratives applied, which had theeffect of bringing im around again.Mr. Hutchcrait was remuvcu w -home at the corner or second anuHouston avenue, In the Davis ambulance, and at last reports was restingvery comfortably.m -REATJTIFUI AND STYLISH MILBBrY FOROID AND YOUNG.The most exquisite patterns inearly Fall .millinery for the younglady, the middle aged woman andtne old lady. From the extremestyle to the modest designs in handsome hats for tne street wu -'wear will be shown every day at ourstore during the rest of !the s eason.(21-2t) MRS. CORNE Wv BAIRD.AUTO SALES.The Franklin MotorT.avinrfnn. reoort? theCar Co., ofsale of aFranklin touring car to. the BourL a.a fnr John Marston,.ofbon Garage forthe county.sale orBAjfr STOCK. --f Auctioneer M. F. Kiitfidtpublic - saKSaturday at , courtImm door 1m Paris Jipleased patrons of the Grand, whohope more are coming. OnMondaynight Richard Buhler, the star of"Ben Hur," delighted a large audience with his presentation of "Believe Me, Xantippe," a comedydrama. On Thursday night the "SmarterSet" played to a crowded house in aprogram of great excellence. Had itbeen left to a vote of the audienceas to a choice between playing return dates "The Smarter Set" wouldhave outvoted "Believe Me, Xaritippe" by a handsome majority.THEJAIRWall Paper of Quality!Odd Lots at Half PriceFOR FRIDAY ONLYOur annual Clean-Up Sale ofsmall lots of Fine Wall Papers,all styles and color combinations,AT 5 AND 10 CENTS A ROLLJust half orfginal prices. It willpay you to buy mow for presentand future use.FOR FRIDAY ANDSATURDAYWindow Shades of QualityOur annual clean-up sale, allsizes, 26, 28, 30, 32 incheswide, extra fine automaticspringoller, in pure whiteyour choice 29c34, 36, 38 inches wide, inpure white only, at 39c34, 36, 38, 40, 42 inches wide,green only, at 49c. Bring measurements. Noneexchanged at these prices.Flower PotsFern Pots10c, 15c and 25c Comic PostCards, per dozen 5cGlass Salts and Peppers, perpair 5cTinted Cuspidores, each. . . 1 0cGranite Tea and Coffee Pots,each 20-25CGranite Tea Battles. 35c upRolled Plate Rings, children's sizes only, formerprices 10c now. . . .3 for 1 0cWriting Paper and Envel-.opes, 30 sheets paper and30 envelopes m a package,per package 1 0cCrochet Needles, all sizes,each 5cSewing Needle Books, fivepackages needles, etc., ina book, per book 1 0cSemi - Porcelain DinnerPlates, each ..... 1 0cOdd Gups and Saucers, Vegetable Bowls, Dinner Sets all atreduced prices for Friday and.Saturday only.THE FAIRA3"Children lover the VictrolaFrom earliest childhoodthe Victrola has a place inthe lives of the children.KCerely fascinating themat first, it soon becomes asource of instruction aswell as entertainment.The Victrola gives correctformation to their musicalt&stes by accustoming" themto music that is worth while.'Come in and hearthe Victrola bringthe children with youand let them enjoy it.to. $15 to $200ca$X terms if desiredIz?Two good attractions last weekm j JDpcrheriwffc m "prADVANCEe' Millinery 'NOW DISPLAYING A COMPLETE LINE OF THENEWEST FALL HATSIn smartest styles of Silk Plush, Velour,. Zibeline Plush and Velvet.Autumn SuitsIn Velour, Broadcloth, Burilla and Poplins, displaying thesmartest of style features. Most moderately priced$20.00 to $75.00Autumn CoatsPlush, Silk Velour, Burilla and Broadcloth, in the fashion'slatest decree as to style and color$10.00 to $75.00Autumn DressesIn Serges and Silks. The styles are most charming inmany new colors and materials; moderate in price. Theyare the leading garments of the season$5.00 to $40.00Autumn WaistsIn Georgette, Crepe de Chene, Plain and Fancy Styles.Displaying the newest .styls features$2.98 to $15.00SUMMER WASH SKIRTS SPECIAPSmart, Pretty Styles in Fancy Materials, Prices from $5.00 to $1AT HALF PRICE !HARRY SIMNOWTHE TIMEAWAY SUMMER,We Have JustCEDAR CHESTSWe arealsoKV"- ' 'AtMOTORHEARSEV'Vr.'S-' ii ijp$$the iAmsmfaei.HTHCRPHOlir'iarrFALL APPARELVSuitsWaistsOne Price To AllCQfjfmOF YEP MfaReceived SomeMATnTH!G BOXESshowing a very complete line ofRUGSthePrices.MOTOR JNVAUD CQACHr-it - .('it2Jrv- -mmPmf -CLOTHES!M'ABeautifulw-M-s,t,Ms&-if-i&zH?tUNDKtTAWNiKTrtAND MAW T.iA -v''O'i, r-n . -'ijros.JttW 3 Trot fcfc.; fttt'pr share. "unes will' ealto at 7:1 9-- t w-w-"-v-Pri,KCT'admlasio will be efcan.VnnA VroAtAr uU White. Te'. " 4m'V'":';'vj?iVv" '' V -'V ." -'"". ''''" i''' :Vs"''A""f-t-, -,HE BOURBON, NIS, PARIS, KY.TUESDAY;231117."." 'VA''EXPEBIEHCE IS THETEACHERBESTVh.-'-A'.:It is generally admitted that expc-- rience is the best teacher, but should' we not make use of the experience ofothers as well as our own? The experience of a thousand persons is,more to be depended upon thanthatjof one individual. Many thousandsof persons have used Chamberlain'Cough Remedy for coughs and coldswith the best results, which shows itto be a thoroughly reliable preparation for those diseases. Try it. Itis prompt and effectual and pleasantto take.(sept-adv)You Don't Have toStoopIf You Use aGarlandCabinetRangeA beautiful line of Garlands on tflalay. Come In and look them over.Paris Gas & Electric Co.(Incorporated)Plenty Sojjicafetkcomplete!-;aHERE'S a heap of joyin a ton x)f good coal.Your stove or furnacewon't have much trouble,from extracting comfortfrom a ton of coal if youbuy it from us. Our rapiddelivery will please you.W. C. DODSONSouth Main St.The Home off Good CoalVfSfiiwicr rWflwv-IHH n&rz JUlfDo You WantioBe a Success?The autobiography of everysuccessful man invariably tellshow he earned and saved hisfirst dollar.There's no telling what themorrow will bring forth. It isthe man with the ready cashthat is prepared for a businessopportunity.pan? uo You Want to WIsn't it a fact that cash inthe bank gingers you up?Doesn't it give you confidence?See us about an account.uuu.1Farmers' & Traders' Banknhicago IWhite Sox" Pennant Winnerso.r.mV.v.vr.v.vr.-...v.,- '. , " :,:;:: """- ""ntXl-r -7While the New York Giants are nearing the finish in the great pennant race"White Sox" are ready to breast the tape in the "American League race, which has been just as keenly fought, -uraphantgroup is shown here in a new and exclusive picture taken at the home grounds in Chicago,The players are: Top row, from left to right: Wolfgang, E. Collins, Cicotte, Benz, Hasbrook Murphy, Wearer,Gleason, Gandil, Lynn.Middle row: Schalk, Russell. J. Collins, Jourdan, Felsch, Rowland, Manager; McMillin, Byrne, Danforth, WUrliams, Jenkins. Bottom row : v Leibold, Jackson, Risberg. stSi .,. .EAT BIG MEALS! NO .:SOUR, ACED STOMACH,INDIGESTION OR GAS"Pape's Piapepsin" is Quickest, Surest Stomach Relief Known,Try ItjTime it! Papes Biabepsin "willsweeten a sdiii4, gassy or out-of-orderstomach within five minutes.If jour meals don't fit comfortably, or what you eat lies like a lumpof lead in your stomach, or if youhave heartburn, that is usually; asign of acidity of the stomach.Get from your pharmacist a fiftycent case of Pape's Diapepsin andtake a dose just as soon as you can.There will be no sour risings, nobelching of undigested food mixedwith acid, no stomach gas or heartburn, fullness or heavy feeling in thestomach, nausea, debilitating headaches or dizziness. This will all go,and, besides, there will be no sourfood left over in the stomach topoison your breath with nauseousodors.Pape's Diapepsin helps to 'neutralize the excessive acid in the stomach which is causing the food fermentation and preventing proper digestion. Relief in five minutes is waitingfor you at any drug store.These large fifty-cent cases containenough "Pape's Diapepsin" to usually keep the entire family free fromstomach acidity and its symptoms ofindigestion, dyspepsia, sourness, gasesheartburn and headache, for manymonths. It belongs in your home.(adv)A NEW MINING LABRATORY.The Bureau of Mines has decidedto establish at Minneapolis a labora-it'ory for exepriments in the treatment of low-grade iron ores. ThisJ move on the part of the governmentIs due to the fact that the high-grade! ores of the Lake Superior District arebeing rapidly exhausted. Experts saymat they will not last thirty years.In another half century most of ourI iron will be made out of ores that'are not now considered worth digging.HAS A HIGH OPINION OF CHAMBERLAIN'S TABLETS."I have a high opinion of Chamberlain's Tablets for biliousness and,mm a laxative' writes Mrs. C. A.Barnes, Charleston, 111. "I havenever found anything so mild andpleasant to Use. My brother has alsoUMd these tablets with satisfactoryresults."mr. s&'t)"""H.USURVIVORS OE SUBMARINE ATTACK ENLIST IN NAVYHerman L. Dupee, twenty years ofage, from Birmingham, Ala., walkedaboard the 'U. S. S. Recruit in Union ,Square at five o'clock Tuesday afternoon and said he wanted to enlist inthe United States Navy. While hewas being examined by Surgeon J. J.R&Vfeney he causally remarked thathe had the experience of submarinegun fire during the past summer.Dupree bjad shipped from Portland,Maine last June on the Norwegiantanker, "Kongsil" bound for Rotterdam. On the return trip in the thirdweek of August, out four days, fromthe coast of Rotterdam at five-thirtyin the morning three shots were sentacross the bow of the tanker. Dupree said:"I was on watch on the hurricanedeck. The weather was clear andcalm. No warning was given exceptthe three shots. Twenty more werefired and in ten minutes we weresunk. The crew of 28 took to thethree boats and immediately the submarine arose and came within fiftyyards of us. This was the conversation the Captain of the submarinehad with our skipper. It was all inEnglish with no trace of Germanaccent:" 'How long have you had thisship?' laid the submarine captain." 'A year and a half,' answeredour skipper." 'Where was she built?' he askdd." 'Baltimore,' was the reply." 'What kind of a crew have you?'" 'Mixed. Danish, Swedes and Norweigans.' " 'Any Americans?'" 'None.' "According to Dupree the Captainof the tanker asked for a tow andhe was told that an English cruiserwould be along in the morning. Thenext day the cruiser came along, butpaid no attention to the men, it being a rule of the British Admiralitynot to pick up life boats. Afterfloundering in the rough sea with norations but a few biscuits and verylittle water the men finally landed atNazares, Prance.Dupree has been three years at seahaving shipped from Norfolk, Va. Hewas educated in the public schools atBirmingham. He was sent to theTraining Station at Newport.jm job jatTHE LUMBERMAN AND THESEWING MACHINE.The Jessamine News prints thefollowing item that is at once interesting and refreshing, as showingthat all the activities in Red Crosssewing circles are not confined to theRed Cross workers:"Mr. James L. Simpson, the lumberman and road builder, had addeda new star to his banner. Sometimeago he suffered a broken foot whilelooking after his road building inPulaski county. WJhen the localRed Cross started their work forsupplies for the army, Mr. Simpsondonated his time to this worthy organization. He started a new role-:-fromformer bookkeeper and bankfteiler, lumberman and road contractor, fhis broken foot and confinementput him in a new and untried fieldthat of running a sewing machine.During his confinement he made onehundred 'and twenty-four sheets forarmy service and presented them tothe localrRed Cross. His great success in o'ther businesses was trulymanifested in the role of tailor, as inother lines. So efficient did he become in his new endeavor that hecould actually thread; the needle,and' it was a comical, and inspiringpicture to see .him resting his'bum'foot on a stool and the good one onthe treadle of the machine."TOPROTECT RIGHTS OFDEERS AND SAILORS.SOL-Legislation to protect the civil andproperty rights of soldiers, in effecta. moratorium for the duration oMhewar in behalf of men who are serving on the firing line, has been in;-troduced in congress and the weight01 Aaminisirauon mnuence may oetotoughttobear to obtain its earlyenactment.Young men who go courting shouldin American t&agoe'in the National League, the ChicagoMOTHER! YOUR CHILD ,IS CROSS, FEVERfeH,EROM CONSTIPATION.If Tongue Is Coated, Breath Bad,Stomach Sour, Clean Liver .'"- and Bowels. .Give "California Syrup of Figs" atonce a teaspoonful to-day oftensaves a sick child to-morrow.If your little one is out of -sorts,half-sick, isn't resting, eating andacting naturally fook, mother! seeif tongue is coated. This is a suresign that its little stomach, liverand 'bowels are clogged with waste.When cross, irritable, feverish, stomach sour, breath bad or has stomachache, diarrhoea, sore throat, full ofcold, give a teaspoonful of "California Syrup of Figs," and in a fewhours all the constipated poison, undigested food and sour bile gentlymoves out of its little bowels without griping, and you have a well,playful child again.Mothers can rest easy after givingthis harmless "fruit laxative," because it never fails to cleanse the little one's liver and bowels and sweet-en the stomach and they dearly lovefits pleasant taste. Full directionsfor babies, children of all ages andfor grown-ups printed on each bottle.Beware of counterfeit fig syrups.Ask your druggist for a 50-cent bottle of "California Syrup of Figs;"then see that it is made by the "California Fig Syrup Company."(adv)FOR YOUR SCRAP BOOK.THE NEW STYLE PATRIOT.Listen, my children, and you shallhearOf a patriot's work in this presentyear 'He didn't ride through the roads atnightTo rouse the neighbors to arm- andfight,But he went to work with a spadeand hoeAnd he made ten bushels of 'tatersgrow.He mopped the sweat from his beadybrow,As he trudged behind the hand-power plow; -3His hands got tough and his feet gotsoreAs he turned the stubborn furrowso'erAnd his neighbors laughed and theycalled him. slow,But he made ten bushels of 'tatersgrow. 1Oh, cheer the boy with the sword andgun,Who has fought and bled when thewar is done,And cheer the Generals and Majorstoo,And the sailors bold on the oceanblueBut cheer the man with his spade .andhoe , rFor he made, ten bushels of 'tatersgrow.WATER POWER REPLACES OIL.(Springfield, Mass., Republican.Occasionally somebody asks, "Whatwill the country do when the coaldeposits are exahusted?" A commonanswer is, "Use fuel oil."But suppose the oil gives out;what then? A practical answer isafforded by the Chicago, Milwaukeeand St. Paul Railroad, which, "tomeet the increasing cost of fuel oil,"has begun to electrify the PugetSound end of its line. In that partof the country the St. Paul road goe3through great forests, where oil hasbeen used because of the dangerfrom sparks. But electicity is available, thanks to the water power ofthe region.What is practicable in the State ofWashington may prove practicable inthis part of the country to some extent. There is a good deal of waterpower in New England running towaste, and while we have nothing tocompared with the waterfalls of theNorthwest, there may come' a timewlJeiT efficiency methods will set ourabandoned mill sites to work again,to help out the railroad problem.I I ' 8 dWPl 18 --" NdJJ. Mill ''' -, 1 1 IBvT J . - Isjl 71 '' ,.ft, i Wmp ' AlwsWelcome Vf fit if I xSS B11 Hill U I SmwM c"You little rascal played along the way, didn't you? ) III II II B)- .Kept grandma, waiting! Oh well, it's all right. Because J I II II UI CALUMET . I (SK ' BAKING 'POWDER II III! ! MlBii is always right. It's worth waiting for. 'Always wel- If If Uf( B'H:il fcome; ' Never shirks' its work." Never fails. N,ever I II ) Hln HH .'Bijj: rwastes minutes or materials and I know it's pure and I II Hill B . .Si 'wholesome, as. Calumet contains only such ingredients II L K'S -' '"'H 0s have been approved officially by the U. S.. Ifood I If UHlI B -f, ,-tIBH t jfbu-iSave tchettfou buy it you satfe token you us it. I'-Ft HI! IhBtl a rt f-IfI-irrQT Quality I I I IHIHiI ivk - rWjrWOi Awards III JMM 9M" " i yrThe Bourbon LaundryDWIS & FUNK, props.Telephone No. 4.MBB :!! ETnVjt:rt- l&J-ix:L LJL .Bourbon LaundryParis' Kentucky.A MAN AND HIS WIFEyrT I m jplO "inIPI" vJi -LEVY,fCumberland Phone 40i-rCAHALBROS.XiBARBER 8K9P ' -Promptand Courttut Attention tmwkmwSmmW-'fl i VI HI " inl I nv '-wim km nrmt ibi j i ' iirr r iwJmPA r m mlfllulkov?"THEDRVpatrMM.West 5 StreetSatisfaction is OurWatchwordWith all the latest improvements in laundryt aDDliances and AvnArtjh Jielpers we are preparednone, and solicit yourpatronage.5 may both derive saiisfaction- f by having their worn and soiledgarments cleaned by us. TheTTc"ost is nominal, while the pie asure of wearing old clothes thatrxxia. 1a .-w-r, i" "c appecu auw vs. new, iiiconjunction with the knowledge-that you are effecting a greatvingj must surely satisfy you.Fhone fcfrgs 3-CLEANERHome Phone 1692P1LESItret -1 -rT7r-"p t.t'' 'WUJAMT BMAN WLE OTMsWF fctfwmiWnimsWkb. i.MHpqapWM-,;baT in mind that the prettiest flow.Whftn a. man has r4a,ched the Boint-.yj?"- flgS ifiGxsSlfV- t '-M'WV -niTUt"RVViti.ers are not necessarily the most t ra-wliere e can)i:thlsv K't.-y" ;rf . "-T" - - -ww wwhUu-Kztk.-!Park, Ktatiekjr.,-,--earth it i8.tiit fwimoget pff10T JOT Q0EDtUTm-Dilittttii. iiyWV'--- vit---otJTv - V;J?Rzfcr. P. KIMfc, Pmiiitatiwssrm - -J" - . 4-tf Bfc !wv--."' '5Lk y. , .1 v -)VXC-r KTUESDAY, SPTBHBllW; 1M7.HE 'AOOjEBON NEWS. P:PvISKY. ' .;FAG4K OF ft BE-Fighting; ih .Relays, French DeliverTelling Blow in New Verdun DriveIKentucky's Great TrotsUiave2cour,JCOMING UNIFORMOyesfFor distinctive eye glassservice consult us.We use the latest and mostup-to-date methods of refractthe eyes.Give us an early call.We Fit WhereOthers FailFALL FABRICS AND FANCIES.NEW YORK, Set. 25, 1917.Never has there been a time whenthe fashions have seemed so practical. The narrow skirts do away withany extravagant use of material, forthe straight silhouette reigns supreme. Of course there is drapery,usually on the side, a little below thehip, but even this does not detractfrom the length of the line fromshoulder to hem.There is no excuse whatever forFRYE & FRANKLINDOCTORS OF OPTOMETRYDow Bldg., opp. Windsor HotelProfessional Cards.DR. WM. KENNEYEye, Ear, Nose and Throat.ROOMS 403-404.FIRST NAT'L BANK BUILDING.PHONE 136.WM. GRAINNANAttorneyatLawROOMS 401-402.FIRST NAT'L BANK BUILDING"War is hell; and that's whereabout half the world is being toldto go.3 IS EaJt is a wise man who knows whenhe has made a fool of himself.I. L McCaii.JMThe Pood Conservation Dress Apron.any woman to dress unbecomingly,slowly but surely retreating towardOne does not now hear the old complaint, "Oh, but the styles do not be-G. W. DAVISFuneral DirectorCorner Fifth and Pleasant Streets, Paris, Ky.3Day Phones 137 Night Phones 299 or 999Automobile Ambulance " Automobile HearseUndertakingOur Winton-Six Automobile Ambulance with Johnson &Johnson First Aid Equipment and the Lungmotor (recentlysecured by us at great expense) a resuscitating device forthose apparently dead from drowning, gas poisoning, electricshock, collapse from anaesthasia, etc., always ready for service, DAY OR NIGHT. Phone us immediately when anaccident occurs." r'.4fcto?fr"r y VX-av-- ' "XsWleer"'-' v.-KZ,&&'.yv&y''- -"iwJK.IOTWWT , , v ,. y ,nwjr SkNHk PNV'y 9pBCv A-' sf-- M$,'. i2raDERWOOyliraDERWOOBlcrK' VJ45th Fall Meeting Oct. 1 to 13, 1917SENSATIONAL RACINGIVCRV DAYUnder scientific methods of warfare conceived by Gen. Petain, leader ofthe French forces about Verdun, the new offensive in this sector has" been carried on with trifling casualties. Following the recent drive which carried theFrench well into the territory occupied by the Germans, several detachmentswere withdrawn and replaced by fresh troops. These regiments are shownhere returning from the battle front with flags flying and the band "hitting up'a marching tune. They are leaving the inferno of the trenches to go to campsto recuperate lor the next offensive. The drive of tlic French at Verdun duringthe past few weeks has been an innovation in trench fighting, the troops vorkinin rdnv4SSSMU,' IrVaMiRljB " ,vfi TiiCourtesy to Unbidden CallersWhen a person enters your officeby mistake you do not treat him churlishly. On the contrary, your courteousacknowledgment of his apology helpsto lighten his embarrassment over theerror. NSometimes your telephone rings xand you find that you have been called. to the telephone by mistake.It is well at such:a time to practisethe same courtesy that you would like to .have extended to you were the same situation reversed and you had unintentionally become a telephone intruder.When you telephone mile !tCUMBERLAND TELEPHONEAND TELEGRAPH COMPANYIncorporatedJbfatP :BOX 122, FRANKFQRTY KY.come me. What am I to do?" Thestyles do become me. What am I todo?" The styles clo become us, eachand every one, for there has neverbeen a time when the 'individualityof women can be so clearly studiedand expressed.Just a Whisper or Two.There is one big house here inNew York that predicts we will allbe wearing bustles by New Year's!They point out that the drapery isthe back, and that pockets are being placed further back than theyhave been. The Chinese and Japanesestyle (kimono sleeve) is also beingadvanced very strongly.Have you signed the Food Conservation Pledge? Ij! not, do learnabout it at once, for it is one of theways the patriotic women can easilyhelp her country. There is a fascinating dress apron which you canwear after you have signed it. Theillustration here shows you just howvery practical (and becoming) it really. This is the official uniform,and is being worn all over the country. The dress itself is made of bluechanibray or plain blue gingham,with collar, cuffs and cap of whitepique. It is extremely simple of construction, and is also very easy to getIt?!'j I 1the beach, the country club, and onthe street in the big cities. Nowthat cool days are coming, the designers are reluctantly laying it onone side, to be taken out next spring,however. There are quaint silks andchiffon taffetas to take its place, withthe gingham pattern carefully carried out. I saw a most attractivedress on the avenue the other day,of blue-and-white-check taffeta, withlarge hip pockets and a surplice' waist.Lavish Use of Fur,Fur promises to be used this yearas much or more than it was last. Allt the windows are full of fall suits andj coats with bands, huge collars, and' even pockets and belts of fur. Oneextravagant dress had the skirt asfar up as the hip, the collar andcuffs, made of seal, with the rest ofthe costume of Georgette crepe!I I, The Erench ApronIsn't it astonishing the way thecharm of the apron, aside from itsusefulness, has swept over the country? Of course, women are more interested in things that require anapron than they have been since ourgrandmother's day. There is something piquant about them, and theyare playing a most important part in, the wardrobe of the woman whokeeps up with the times.Here is an illustration of the newFrench apron. It is made on thelines of those aprons worn by theFrench Red Cross nurses, and is sosimple an affair one wonders why wehave not been wearing it for lo! thesemany years. Completely coveringthe skirt, there is a bib, which isheld up with suspenders or is buttoned through to the dress beneath.MONDAY, OCTOBEB 1.The Walnut Hall Cop, 2:11 Trotting..? 3,000The Futurity (2-year-olds) 5.00P2:07 Class, racing 1,0002:14 Class, Pacing '.... 1,000TUESDAY, OCTOBER 2.Kentucky Foturlty, 3-year-olds $14,0002:0fi Class. Trotting 1,2002:15 Class, Trotting 1,0002:04 Class Facing 1,000WEDNESDAY, OCTOBEB 3.Phoenix Hotel, Free-for-all, Pacing. .$ 1,5002:18 Class, Trotting 1,0002:11 Class, Trotting 1,0002:09 Class, Pacing 1,000THURSDAY, OCTOBER 4.The Transylvania, 2:07 Trotting 5,0002:09 Class, Trotting 1,0002:21 Class, Trotting 1,0002:12 Class, Pacing 1,000FRIDAY, OCTOBER 5.The Bine Grass, 2:09 Pacing. 2,000The Lexington (2-year-old trotters).. 2,0002:13 Class, Trotting 1,0002:16 Class, Pacing 1,000SATURDAY, OCTOBER 6.The Kentucky (3-year-old trotters).Breeders Stakes (2-year-olds)2:17 Class, Trotting2:08 Class, Pacingl'.M1,MMONDAY, OCTOBER 8.The Castleton, Free-for-all, Trotting.?Champion Futurity (4-year-olds) ....2:14 Class, Trotting2:06 Class, PacingTUESDAY, OCTOBER 9.The Cumberland, 2:05 Pacing '. .$ 2,MftDinner Stakes (3-year-olds) i,992:0$ Class, Trotting 1,M2:15 Class, Pacing l,MftWEDNESDAY, OCTOBER 1.The Ashland, 2:18 Trotting $ 2,MPacing Futurity (3-year-olds) ,The Board of Commerce, Paciajr 1.5MTwo-Year-Old Trotters 1,999THURSDAY, OCTOBER 11.2:12 Class, Trotting $ 1,M92:20 Class, Trotting 1,M2:10 Class, Pacing l.MThree-Year-Old Trotters 1,FRIDAY AND SATURDAY, OCTOBER ISAND 13 RESERVED.The Royal Scotch HighlandersIn Daily ConcertsREDUCED RAILROAD RATES'!9r?39ftftftT. W, SPICERNatural Gas FittingPlumbing and HeatingA Full Line of Gas Stoves andRangesPut in Your Stoves Now Before the FallRushta fe 15:CATAERH CANNOT BE CUREDftftrflftjflVThe Fetching French Aproninto. There is only one button nec-lessary. The dress closes on eitherside, the right over the left, or theleft over the right". The strap or beltis passed through a bound buttonhole, around the figure, and is fastened on the opposite side. The bigpockets are conveniently placed, andaltogether it is a costume designedfor the efficient woman.The Vogue of Gingham Continued inFall Fabrics .There never has been a material sopopular as gingham! The history ofthe gingham craze, as it has beencalled, is very interesting. It waslaunched by American designerswithout the assent of Paris. PalmBeach first put its seal on it, andsince then, women have eagerly demanded it. Paris took it up, and thegingham dress of 1917 was thesmartest affair imaginable. "Womenwho had long relegated it to the nursery -and the, house drees, wore it. atWith LOCAL APPLICATIONS, asthey cannot reach the seat of thedisease. 'Catarrh is a. local disease,greatly influenced by constitutionalconditions, and in ordeV to cure ityou must take an internal remedy.Hall's Catarrh Medicine is takeninternally and acts through the bloodon the mucous surfaces of the system. Hall's Catarrh Medicine wasprescribed by one of the best physicians in this country for years. It iscomposed of some of the be3t tonicsknown, combined with some of thebest blood purifiers. The perfectcombination of the ingredients inHall's Catarrh Medicine is what produces such wonderful results incatarrhal conditions. Send for testimonials, free.F. J. CHENEY & CO., Toledo, O.Sold by Druggists, 75c.Hall's Family Pills for constipation. (sept-adv)121 lea mIf a man doesn't care to be his ownboss he might as well marry.Main Street, Opposite Court HouseBOTH PHONESELIMINATEYOUR WORRIESHigh cost of living, warm weather andscarcity of labor is a condition where aHOME TELEPHONEin your residence at reasonable rates andcourteous treatment to all would eliminate a good portion of the worries attributed to this cause.Call at our office or telephone 427, 411 or320 and place your order.Paris Home Telephone S Telegraph Go.(Incorporated)J. J. VEATCH,District Manager.W. H. CANNON,Local Manager.MAMMOTH CAKE$12.15 For an All-Expense Three-Days Tour from Paris Sept. 29Personally Conducted by the Excursion Agent L. & N. R. R.Round trip tickets $5.65. Board at the Cave Hotel, including tbe several routes, in thecave, for $6.50. Tickets on sale for morning trains. Phone L. & N. Agent. (2L-3t) ,mV,irw- j.W.9" tlI. 1ComingAttractionsPARIS GRAND AND ALA1TUESDAYWm. A. Brady presentsALICE BRADYin"Darkest Russia"World Feature.Wm. Duncan andCarol Hollowayin third episode of"The Fighting Trail"Also Mutual Weekly-News.WEDNESDAY.Special at Same Price Roscoe"Fatty" Arbuckle, in"A Reckless Romeo"Paramount Arbuckle comedy in twoparts.Margaret Illington in the Laskeyproduction, "The Sacrifice."Billy West, Charley Chaplin';double, in "Back Stage," also Buron Holmes' Travels.-THURSDAY."The Man WhoMade Good"Fine Arts feature. "A LaundryClean Up," Triangle comedy.Hours-Alamo, 2 to 5:30; Paris Grand,7 to 1 0:30, Admission 5 and 1 0c.MILLERSBURG- 9Miss Mary MeDaniel, of the Cynthiana Graded School, was at homefrdm Friday until Monday.Mrs. H. E. Pruitt returned Friday, after a week's visit to her parents, Mr. and Mrs Bedell Chanslor,"at Stanford.Mrs. Elizabeth Powling, who underwent a surgical operation recentlyat the Jewish Hospital, in Cincinnati,is in a critical condition.Elder and Mrs. C. O. Cossaboomreturned Friday from Campbellsville,where they attended the annual Stateconvention of the Christian church.Mr. C. W. Corrington, who hasbeen confined to his home since hisreturn from Atlanta, was at his placeof business 'Thursday for the firsttime. 4Mrs. J. T. "McDaniell and daughter, Miss Mary, and Mr. Julian T.Adair, were guests Saturday andSunday of Mr. and Mrs. Charles Carrington, in Irvine.. Mr. Thos. Robertson, of Shelbyv"te, Mo., has been quite ill, threatei.ed with appendicitis at the homeof Mr. A. T. Maffett. He is improving nicely at this v riting.Mr. T. E. Bowles and familyanoved Wednesday to the property ofMr. E. B. Taylor, on Eighth street,recently vacated by Mr. G. W. Johnson and family, from their countryhome.Rev. Goldsmith, pastor of theMillersburg Baptist church, tenderedhis resignation Sunday, and will goto Paris, October 1, where he willtake the pastorate of the Baptistchurch.A. S. Best Hardware Companyhas taken the contract toinstall afurnace in the Exchange Bank. Mr.G..X.. Hill has also taken the contract to install one in the home ofMr. R. L. Wilson.Mrs. James Price andjBest, sent a handsome floral offeringi.V1 XJ.XO J.CVLll.4. o luuciaiMr. I. S. Forman, while returningfrom Carlisle, Wednesday 'night,came near meeting with a serious accident. The road was dark and hishorse plunged into a rock quarrynear the home of Mr. E. H. Kerr.The animal attempted to jump awire fence and was entangled. Oneleg was broken and the buggy overturned, Mr. Forman escaping with afew slight bruises.Mr. Clemon lnsko was strickenwith uraemic poisoning Thursdayabout five p. m., while at work on abarn with Mr. E. T. Sheeler, nearCenterville. Mr. lnsko stopped working and sat down and when approached by Mr. Sheeler, he said hehad queer feelings about his head.A few moments later he becamespeechless. Mr. Sheeler brought himhome at once in his motor car, wherehe was attended by Drs. Smith andCalhoun. His condition is verymuch the same at this writing, withbut little hopes of his recovery.- !S 1E1 3MILITARY STYLES.Call in and see the new militaryhats we are showing. Some stunning styles in street Tiats that arepriced right. See us before buying.(21-2t) MRS. CORNE W. BAIRD.la 3 EnARELIGIOUS. .Next Thursday has been setaside by the Baptist Woman's Missionary Union of Kentucky as aspecial day of prayer for State Missions. The members of the unionhave been asked to unite on thatday not only in prayer for thework, but also in gifts to the cauaufi i Attention has been called to theiiuvrv I ...DEATHS.SHANNON.Miss Elizabeth Shannon, daughter of Mr. James Shannon, foremanon the Louisville & Nashville railroad at Carlisle, died at her homein that city Sunday, after a lingeringillness of typhoid fever. Her motherand sister are now down with thesame disease. Miss Shannon was related to the Shannon family of thiscounty.VEACH.Undertaker Geo. R. Davis received a telegram from LaFayette,Indiana, yesterday asking him tomeet the 10:15 Louisville & Nashville train this morning and takecharge of the body of J. L. Veatch,formerly -of this bounty, who diedthere Sunday. The telegram gaveno further particulars. The bodywill be taken to North Middletownfor interment in the North Middletown cemetery.HARNEY.. Mrs. Sarah Elizabeth Harney,aged seventy-three, wife of Willoughby Harney, died at her home on theRuddles Mill pike, Friday night, ofdropsy. She is survived by her husband, four grown sons and daughters. Funeral servicer were held at theresidence Sunday afternoon at oneo'clock, conducted by Rev. Wm. J.Harney, of Wilmore, and Rev. J. R.Jones, of Cynthiana. The intermenttook place in Battle Grove Cemetery, in Cynthiana.GUNSAULE.William Gunsaule died Thursday night at his home near Jacksonville, of tuberculosis. He was bornin Bourbon county February 7, 1861,He married in 1889 to Miss SallieDavid, who died eight years ago. Heis survived by four sons, Worthington, Larkin, Charles and WilliamGunsaule, and two sisters, Mrs. T. E.Worthington and Miss Emma Gunsaule. The funeral service and burial were held at the Jacksonville cemetery Friday at 3 0 o'clock, conducted by the Rev. J. R. Jones. Thepall-bearers were George Tate, Thos.Osborne, Joe Wiglesworth, ThomasSparks, Robert Worthington andDewey Kuster.H I ttk fllillliB . IIB.Ii Specials!The Busy Bee Cash StoreBeginning Saturday, Sept. 22Closing Saturday, September 29 - ,Our Best Patent FlourDownto$12.00 per barrel in cotton, $1. SO per 24-poundsack, 75 cents per 1 2-pound sack.,hiPure Rio Coffee' Down to 1 6 2-3 cents a Dound.Arbuckles Coffee -X 'At 20 cents a pound.Best Gun Powder TeaWorth $1.00, cut down to 60 cents per pound., Fine Chicken FeedAt $4,00 per 1 OO pounds, or 6 pounds for 25 cents.Best Table SyrupAt S5 cents per gallon, or 43 cents per half gallon.Best Double Dip MatchesEull count, at 5 cents a box. )Lenox Soapv ? Last chance, at 5 cents a bar. yRub No More7' Washing PowderLarge package at 5 cents.ffidaughter, of Clintonville, arrivedThursday as the guest of her parents,Mr. and Mrs. J. S. Clarke. Mr.fact that the Baptists of Kentuckyare doing more than any other denomination to advance the work ofPrice and son were guests of the state missions and that the denomiIiome on Sunday, all returning in the ; nation recentlv attained one of itsgoals, which was to establish a Bap-evemng.The boarding department of theM. M. I. is full and Col. Best is turn- statelug Qown a,i)piii;u.uuii&. .ua,ig improvements are to be made on theproperty this fall. Another large furnace will be installed, the large ve-randas of the (main building are tobe enclosed in glass so as to makesun parlors for the cadets during thewinter season.Mrs. C. M. Best, of the M. M. I.,-was in Winchester, Saturday, to attend the funeral of Sam W. Pursley,whose son, John McCormick Pursley, was formerly a student in theM. M. I. Young Pursley was a favorite at the school with his fellowpupils, who, with Colonel and Mrs.tist church in every county in the-J9 I -THE MAYSVULL TOBACCOfAir.Thursday, Friday and Saturday,November 22, 23 and 24, have beenselected as the days and the LibertyWarehouse, as the place for the bigMaysville Tobacco Fair. Every energy of -the Chamber of Commerce-will be bent twards making it a real"go." A success is certain. As tohow big a success depends on the vimand push put inlo the undertakingby Maysville citizens.eT ' t..T...T..T..T. f..'..,...,?..T..i.4'iI'if1n4iHi'4i 44Beautiful PictureFor FramingFREESee Them si Display in Our. Show( Window and Secure One Today.These pictures are in equisite colors, reproduced on afine quality antique paper by a special process whichbrings out exactly the beautiful coloring of the original.Painted by Neysa McMein, the popular artist, whosef amour portraits of lovely women you see every monthon the covers of your favorite magazines. This paintingis her conception of "A Skin You Love to Touch ' Contains no printing or advertising of any kindf Get onewhile they last.HOW TO GMT ONECome to Our Store and Buy a Cake ofWo o dbury' s Facial Soapand we will give you without additional charge one ofthese beautiful pictures. Be sure to get one before thesupply is gone. Offer good only until October 5th.Brooks & Snapp Drug Co."The Penslar Store,"ARCHDEACON.Mr. Matt J. Archdeacon, agedseventy-five, one ct the best-knownbusiness men of Carlisle, a formermember of the Carlisle City Council,and a man who had been a leader inmany of the enterprises of the city,died at his home there Sunday, fromthe effects of an injury which hesustained many years ago.Mr. Archdeacon was born in Ireland, and came to America when ayoung man, locating in Carlisle. Hewas a wagonmaker by trade, and fora long time conducted a buggy andwagon making establishment inthat city. He is survived by hiswidow and one brother, James Archdeacon, Sr., of Carlisle. Mr. Archdeacon was well and favorablyknown in Paris. His nephew, Jas.Archdeacon, at one time conducted aharness establishment in Paris, inthe building which is now a part ofthe Kentuckian-Citizen office, onBank Row.THESE PRICES ARE FOR SPOT CASH ONLYBERRY.Mrs. Lizzie Withers Berry, wifeof Mr. Bailey D. Berry, died at herhome, 212 South Ashland avenue,in Lexington, Friday night at 9:30o'clock, death being due to a paralytic stroke she sustained somedays previous. The news of herdeath was a great shock to her hundreds of friends and acquaintancesin- Paris, Cynthiana and Lexington.Mrs. Berry was forty-seven yeaisold and before her narriage wasMiss Lizzie Withers, daughter ofMr. and Mrs. James Withers, of Cynthiana. who preceded her to thegrave several years ago. She was awoman of charming personality andpossessed of those lovely graces ofwomanly character which endearedher to a large circie of friends. Thenews of her death caused the deepest sorrow to all who knew andloved her. She was a member ofthe Central Christian church, inLexington, and was one of the mostactive workers in its circles.Besides her husband, Mr. BaileyD. Berry, who is a prominent attorney of Lexington, Mrs. Berry is survived by two sons. Mr. Bailey Dawson Berry, Jr., and Jack Berry,, andone daughter, Miss Kittie WithersBerry. She also leaves one sister,Mrs. Jos. W. Davis, of Paris, andone brother, Mr. Rodney Withers, ofCynthiana.Funeral services were held at thefamily residence in Lexington Sunday morning at eleven o'clock, conducted by her pastor, Rev. I. J.Spencer, After the, services thefuneral cortege left for Cynthianaher old home, where- the intermenttook place in Battle Grove Cemeteryat two o'clock Sunday afternoon.The pall-bearers were A. H. Jewell,John R. Jewell, Jos. W. Davis, J.Withers Davis, John F. Davis andJos. Davis, Jr.99!!PARIS, KENTUCKYOur Store Will Be Closed Tomorrow On Account ofJewish holiday.NEWFALL FOOTWEAR!The Largest and Finest Selection ofSTYLISH, HIGH GRADEMen's, Women's and Children'sFALL SHOESAT LOWEST PRICES!Visit our store, see what is correct in style, notice theQuality and the comparatively low prices and be convincedof the great savings we offer to our patrons.( t v?"U VII Jj I 'U JCha&-''ieFinal Clearance Saleonm fti mBalance of Low ShoesVTwo and Three Pairs for the Former Price of One-ABOYS' AND QIRLS'SCHOOL SHOESAt Great Bargain PricesTTAnyway, the pace that kills always get in its work on the rightpeople.fa I SSome people derive a lot of satisfaction from making themselves mis-DANParis' Greatest Shoe StoreCOHENWhere Beauty and Economy Reigni:i:iIerablei-l&k?1titfeth.u,,zstr -r'x&m-v -MP&-. l9-r . .ftv -Vs!-s1 ji, (I-s & immtuiii im i iiJii'ri"M"M'' i,v"