sW r.-VrH.-. .. ... J&.THENEWSAt,im--L-'r ,.--VV4 PUBLISHED EVERY TUESDAY AND FRIDAY IN THE YEAJl.VOLUME XXXVI.PARIS, BOURBON COUNTY, KENTUCKY, FRIDAY, APRIL 27, 1917.. Ar -BOURBONU. S. GUNNERSSINKSUBMARINE- r t .First Gun Ol Var DestroysTT D - Akf fn A ft a AU-i5oat ADOUi to AiidLKAmerican Skip.LONDON, April 26. Captain Rice,i 1- TT !l. J m L sm. Jl - 1or tne American auroAiioniii .uuu5uiia. l'unarecis or employes gathered in the "" "ttluc. u "is assistant iur. Commissioner oft . .. MS A m n t r w r.lt I -k ATmi frrtlio ,. . H n tv . "T7V -? .-. -n ,1 1- J A. ".Avhicn nas arrivea at a uriusu port Jard around the buildings, and as the oliu" wnue searcmng ror ananeg Court, and hastold the Associated rress tuat tii? big fiag went up to the top of tli? e violator or tne game and fish. 'laws in that capacity,Mongolia had fired the first gunof the staff, there was iov unconfinpd Th. m 0ie vicinity of the Townsenrf manyAvar ror me uniieu outu-s auu suui. tGerman submarine.The naval gunners xm board made aclean hit at 1.000 yards. The pen -scope was seen to be shattered.The submarine, Captain Rice said,k was about to attack tie great liner,v in British waters, on April 19.He declared there was absolutely noJ-...I.4. i,f -ha. TT-v.r.nf was liif andiililli7l, uiub fc4-fcv. v- mww . . rw ....was every reason todestroyed.that therelieve it wasL.OrsL)UiS, April zp. iwo Dnubiijdestroyers on patrol duty in tne Hing -lish channel off Dover on the night ofApril 20 canie upon a flotilla of sixGerman destroyers and then ensued anencounter which will live long in thehistory of naval engagements. TneGerman destroyers were torpedoed andrammed; every gun aboard the combatants was working, sweeping thedecks and tearing gaps in the sides ofthe opposing crafL There was thelocking together of a British and German destroyer, and the men foughtfnriouslv in the hand-to-hand battleThe story of the engagement has been road, dropped dead last week, just af-.halted- The' had c'ome uPn a dctai1made public in the form of an official ter he had returned to hi work fol-' the state Guard patroling theirreport. lowing a short illness. ibeats in guarding the lailroad prop-' John Samuel Whitton, who for tlie,rty-LAREDO, TEXAS., April 26. Pedro past twentv-eight years had been the ' Mn BisllP promptly display hisGonzales, a former resident of Nuevo freight agent at the same place for badge of authority audi stated hisLaredo, Mexico, but recently living the F & c suddenly lest his sight mission' but the guard, making no dishere, was indicted on a charge of con- Monday, caused, his physicians stated, tinctwn between this apparentspiracy to set on foot an armed ex by t shock of Seemz his friend, 2.1r. constitutional -authority and possib?pedition against a friendly naUon. Underwood, die. The men had worked German PlDtters and determined toGonzales is said to have been the together for the past nine years, the take no chances, sternly ordered theleader of the band of alleged followers latter generai agent for the com. officials under arrest. He summonedof Felix Diaz who crossed into Mexico pany Mr whitton was alone with a guard' who took the men to campnMr hprp last winter and caused dam- Mr Tin..-.-.,.,. wi.on tho n.i nnmn and placed them in confinement un-age to the Carranza forces and to towns iHe was arrested in Laredo severalTvoalfc jifrn,.- . r,-.-, nT.T.T?eorkVT.FROM A STAFF CORRESPOND-VZiT1r-,T i-.tit-.c.-.ENT OF TiliU AaaUVJlA.i.iiJ jtja.ejooWITH THE BRITISH ARMIES INFRANCE, via London, April 26. Theintensely bitter ground fignting of,the last few days has been reflected jin the air, and the British loyal uyingcorps recently established a new rec- tary Houston has asked the editors of in quiet chuckling over their predicaord by bringing down forty German some fifty women's publications to ment, and, having satisfied his sense ofmachines. Fifteen of these were act--uallv ;een to crash, while twenty-fivenniincQH nr fall in sninnin.r nose divescompletely out of control.The fight took place 15,000 feet inthe air, from which distance it is,"barelv possible to see the ground, and iwhollv impossible to &ee an adver-sary crah unless the pilot deliber-ately follows down.PITTSBURG PENN, April 26. Ar- ed shortly by executive order. Reguthur Kuhn, a' mechanical engineer, lations formulated jointly by the State,WMi nffires here, was arrested by War, Navy and Justice departmentsrOT.fC of thP npnartmont of Justice,and confined in the Alleghenev County , formation were approved by the repreJail for the period of the war. isentatives of the various wire and ca-Officers who searched his home, in le companies.o;.;o.1o ,.?. riVf n.d Kuhn was! The cable censorship will be at Newa. lo.ojiiuu"'"' --, . , --Knowledge oi uie eimi? ,turing industry in his district.Documents written in German werefound among his papers.NEW YORK April 26. Resolu-tions requesting Congress to eliminate...!is "full of peril to free lnsuuiuonbfaro Qi.nt.tor. .innnimmislv by the ,an officer of the German army, andjiork, Key west, uaivesion ana oan tickets soM. Tuesday night atter cnecKthat he was in possession of valuable Francisco, where the cables touch. The ing up Mrs. Warren discovered thoTr.n.rQrv infnrmatinn because of his navy will direct the cable work, while roll was short eleven tickets, for whichmiiuarj mioruw L1U" m,nllfor. the army will control the communica there was no corresponding amount ofthP nrp?s censorship laws in the espi- uermany conuuues m its ucucimmu. . faiC.u ..j .. ...... -. -tne press censorsmp w j- vessels in order to gallery entrance without stopping toonage bill because it "strikes at the ton to sm k all vessels m owerj h tickets. They tendered twofundamental rights of the people" and defend its life Spain must take like i mQ Mn( that had beenAmerican Newspaper Publishers' As-t COPEHAGEN, April 26. The move-sociation at its annual convention here ment for the overthrow of Chancellorvon Bethmann-Hollweg, halted for at-.to. a.. or. Af onnforPTiw.'t.mo r.v tho nriontioii of ruthless sub-riiv, -pm u. xv. . . -,.f TDrnvino.ai and Militarv Governors," t . :. . J.. :.at which Uie Premier presiaeu, ilvoted unanimously that China shouldenter the war against uermany. -o.canvass shows that Parliament is over-whelmingly in favor of China declar-.i m -.. . nwar, but President Li Yuan Hung.... ' . x-- ;inis still undecided on the question.NEWvnmr Anril 2G. AonrOXl-. .-. i...-matelyr 123,000 men nave appueu mu,far and been louna lo meeLulirTa .,Qn fmiTif. tn TTipp.t the neces-sary requirements tor meiBuw.F -Colonel Theodore Roosevelt's proposeu,. ,..T7.c.nn . wns annuonced herearmy division, it was annuontm uwat enrollment headquarters, wmenwhich were opened some time aguWltn tlie loruiei niucuia. .wm Twsf r rm f Ta THTTrVJ I - IA cablegram-.-- ,r-.1-Tr- A1 ORnuAintr an Athens news'paper withlguarding railroad property has been?riLlr,t that Greece is on the. issued by Fairfax Harrison, Chairmanan ally. f f ontpHne' the war as an ally 01 tne iuuenwu xu.ajo -aww.w.w..i Tr!?antl Powers vas received ' Committee on National Defense, to allot the Entente ra wm eivea.o .oenQBQfnir nn raiiroad oroD -hr Thi. Atlantis, a Greek daily news-paper here.per nere. ,!.... 1 x i, ,...... -arhn r.ah.r.1..on,, nv riilv newu)aDer Em- ticularly to those persons who namtux-- - .nenireu. TMrHnsrbrosarticle sUte that Greece is about to'OS. AUieilB. 1U m.u. iu-.w -. ,ANOTHER OLD GLORYADDED TO NUMBERWith-shouts of acclamation, cheersand hurrahs, punctured by the loudblasts of whistles from the engines and Ifrom the big round house siren of theLouisville & Nashville in the SouthParis yards, an immense Americanflag yas raised by the employes ofthe B F sPears & Sons' big mills andhemp houses in Soutll Paris abOTlt sixo'clock, Tuesday afternoon.The demonstration that attended theunfurling of Old Glory was one of themost remarkable that has been witnessed in Pans for a long time. Tho.dm made by the ringing of the engine.bells and the blowing of whistles caused many to think there was a fire inegress, and many inquiries were'(made as to the cause.t with the unfurling of this big flagthere is now floating to the breeze asifine a collection of Old Glorys as anytown in & country can boast -of. Thei.-...c i iti.4... j'almost every business house in Paris,and all the public buildings.&iuiiuua udiiiit:i in iuiti i.v iniiv HiinriiK.g. COLL EGE hillSELECT A LOTWalk out to College Hill Court thisafternoon and see the beautiful lotsthat will be soldTuesday afternoon,fit.May 1st.(It)SHOCK OP SFPINf. PRIPMnDIE COSTS AGENT'S SIGHT' 'Mr. Alfred Underwood, for over tenyears the local agent at Georgetownfor the Frankfort Hz. Cincinnati rail-"'""'"M"""""'M'enter the war on the aide of theallies," the cablegram read. "The new.',.., "...Prime Minister will be Alexander Zai-1' been " ESffj Bn. , ers mctl have Deen )the officials' emptors in conversationWASHINGTON, April 26. Secre-come to Washington next Monday fora conference on food conservation,He will trv to enlist their aid in theagricultural department's campaignfor household economy.WASHINGTON, April 26. Censor-ship on all cables touching the UnitedStates and on telegraph and telephonf;lines in New Mexico will be establish-and the new conimittee on public in-tion lines in New Mexico.- ATov.LONDON, April 26. The SpamsnGovernment's note to Germany regard-ing Germany's submarine campaigncontains a paragraph stating that if.t-.-n -. i.ACnn. ic? 1.fbieys cu UCJ.Cx-u .""w -, ,.marine warfare, is again becoming....i4. ,, r. -,. rrua ..Untinn .crvmi-mv The acitation isuermany. ine agiuiuuu ibevium. m ucimau,. x s,- .-encouraged by dissensions over internai reLviiu, liuaaimc i,Cc, .food troubles."T :, 9Rmm. tri. m -s m r m r i-v non ru lurinu :iiiiivw., , -.'ornor stanlev asserted that he wouldernor Stanley asserted thatI not be able to attend the conference- ... Ai. o -.-..- nf T.ro-1of UOVernorb wilu. oencu w. "tii.- : nroel.inor.nti "Wpr1npqf.fiv.iMavd - ; " -" ' 'z. tie wm ue leincacmuu w -. -. ... -o"b-. - -.jnugnes, 01. "b c-" '" ,7"rthe Federal xraae uouncu m .vaaum6-,iton next wee, u fhmluiuuu m xum.-nMrnlA A-.-:i ocTTron.ln- nfI CHlUALrU, Aprn w;1"1."1.the danger of being shot by sentriesof the American Railways Association'' K Thnrina addressed Tpar -erty. The warning was aaaressea parpereoua tica0x4b -------'4..-..1-.-.1-, ,. ...! nor.ni). -Whf. HaWtU' allv use a railroad right of way In pref-erence to the pubUc highways..''GAME WARDEN ', HAS UNUSALEXPERIENCE.M;ofolr V r D1 iMistaken tor dermaa riot-far Rw Sr-lrl.o rra-T3Jr7 wauavao uuuiuiugBridge. ,Mr. Bush Bishop, of Paris, Stat.T3!.f1 rrr rV 4-V a T O XT t L 1. ..AJ11"6C w" e " . several uigiusag0 h.ad a trying and unusualf ,,,,,.M. Bishop had received informationto the effect that some parties werefusPected violating the fish lawsin the vicinity of Shawhan. Deputiz-ing Mr S(luires he went to the neigh -borhood' and after considerable inves-tigation. finally narrowed the misniw ... ... v Hf SS "J?in .the interest of future capture, re-mams a secret.i mi. jDianup mm mr. oquires, learnI B naa Deen seGnlast in e vicnity of tne Townsendbridge, on the L. & N., near Kisertonset out on a renewed search. As they!approached the bridge, they saw inthe semi-darkness figures moving "? especially to uie wuuyoibade and forth, nnntiv fcpn.hin!aw. and.is jecognized as one of theback and forth, apparently searchinthe creek banks. Taking it for grant -ed they had run down their prey theomcers n" a scrtie toward the mnwhen to their utter consternatipnthey heard a stern command to."Halt! wh goes there?" Discretionbein the better Part of valor theyder guard. Expostulations on explanations were of no avail. There theywere. vKAbout half an hour after the officialshad realized the power of Uncle Sam'sauthority, along came the very manhe inquired as to the cause of themen's confinement under arrest. Be-ing told, he spent some few momentshumor over the tables being reverseshe called the officer! in command toone side and informed him of the truercircumstances of the case, and secured(the release of Mr. Bishop and Mr.,' Squires. Then he quickly disappearedin the darkness. The officers returnedto Paris but kept the story of theirnight's advanture to themselves. Butthings will leak out, you know, insome way!YOUNG THIEVES CAUGHT.At the close of the night's businessit has been the custom of Mrs. Margaret Warren, ticket seller at theGrand Opera House, to check up the.ticket roll and to account for the- - - -.-..-.. . .'cash.Patrolman Moreland was notified,and began an investigation. Suspicionfell on two yoUng negro boys, and aci0se watch -was kept upon them. Wed-nesday night at the beginning of thesecond performance the -boys rearedticketsused onTuesday night. The doorkeepernotified Patrolman Moreland, whoplace(i them under arrest and tookthem to jail. The remainder of thetickets was found in the pockets of'one of the boys. It was the theory of.lha nna tha.Ij. 1 Ll.-M.-L ll.n V-.wv'- Y rl r AA11 tOflme ponce uil " "" ?-!,,"the tickets by climbing through theTO.,iw ot.h oonrot nrthe ticKets Dy cumuing Uiruugll metioket-sellers' window and secretingtnemselves in the box office.SKILLFUL WORK OFNEGROFORGER.-ta an luauiuAs an instance of how even a cau-.. ., -,:,. Pnn v,p ..pppivp.. it is '. .. ., . ... T.r -, wr Jtorn mat uie name oi ir. eorge v .iteumon. a wen-Known juouruon larxuei, .wr Ti X'Health and Welfare League and the"; alPlfll1,v ,,,' hv ...t""' -,"""" Z"", ""i , , nvxw uUU,. x.v.vrv. ... -"seven checks were cashed by alQad banfc before bogug signatureas discovere(i.A tell-tale "a" instead of an "0" 1the latter part of the name led to thediscovery of tlie forgery. yQri Mr.iRednion, when shown the checks, beiieVed they were signed by himself un( til he examined them closely. When( U1 llo oAammcu mwu uiuocijr. wucuthe eighth check was presented theirregularity in the spelling was de-itected, and Mr. Redmon was notified,,oaMnn u 1 nua,- ., -," """44. UJ xxo Vuiw'Alter au iiivt;stt&H.uuu uy me poiiuuwnm.n whr. h.A m fn---1- KM.0(nm . ..f. .ii jailed here.,xiwi.u. mwurewnu, "w axxcaucu. x-4NEW LAW FIRM.In another column of this issue of ITHE NEWS appears the announcementof the law partnership of Messrs. OscarT. H.ntnr.. nf Paric nnrl Virfnr AnnT ,i it o' x if rBradley and J. Craig Bradley, ofGeorgetown, under the firm name ofHinton, Bradley & Bradley. THENEWS considers the formation of thispartnership a matter of congratulation,aieuict a. unmani iuture ior mei;uu.umauonx4 vavai x. niiuuu is a weu-esiaulished practitioner of this city, havingoriginally taken up his profession inthis, his home town and county. Hehas served for several years past ina most capable manner as Master7.T.. "tn.. m Ti:i i 11 1.-1.the Bourbon Circuitbecome, while servingfamiliar with theperplexing technicalities ofOfllllfv T"T0 r4-frn T-Jto V rZ 4- nrvmlnwr-j v. 0 ut aa a. i.-Jjr and his nt egity is well recogniz-He is on! Sf Bourbon county youngn,enwliomTHENEWShaskeptan eye,, and one upon whom Bourboncounty in years to come may well beproud to call her own.. Mr. Victor A. Bradley is serving hissecond term as Commonwealth's At-torney for this district. The expen--StSo in Bourbon? ScVt?WooXd andFranklin counties foP the nast eiehtIvears has pivnn him the nnisp nm.learning so valuable to his profession.His marked success as a prosecutorhas materially enhanced his enviable'reputation as a trial lawyer. Mr. JCraig Bradley is a brother of Mr. Victor A. Bradley. He has devoted his attention more especially to the study of.best equity lawyers of the State. Heis a familiar figure In the Court of. - Appeals. havin practiced in thatCourt with marked success for the ipast ten year3.The new firm will have offices inthe Eourb3n-Agricultural Bank & TrustCo. building. THE NEWS welcomesthem here, and predicts for them andnew association the prosperity andsuccess which the combination of theirresDective talents and ability willdoubtless bring forth.WHAT'S A RELIABLE PRICETo pay for a suit of clothes? Weadvise $20 or $25. Owing to forehanded buying, we can offer exceptional values at these prices.J. W. DAVIS & CO.ASK FOR DEMONSTRATIONr Kslt for-a demonstration of the Oak-"land Six, the sensible car. The pricoand performances of this car mostsatisfactory. Ask the man who ownsone.DICKERSON & DOUGLAS GARAGE,27-2t) Fourth and High, Paris, Ky.LEGS CUT OFF UNDERFAST MOVNG TRAIN.Death came to the relief of FrankAnderson, at the Massie Memorial Hospital, in this city Tuesday night, afterhe had lain in that institution tor several hours, following amputation olboth legs. Baby," a round table discussion, con-Anderson, who was a native of Ken- ciucted by phvsicians of the city, eston county, came to Paris, Monday, in pfccjaily emphasizing "Care in Summersearch of work. He had been living T.ppdintr"near Grant's Tunnel, on the Louisville& Nashville, in Kenton county. Uponarriving here he changed his mind anddetermined to return to his home.Trainmen said that he attempted toboard the local north bound freight,but missed his hold, was thrown underthe wheels of the fast moving train,both legs being horribly crushed andmutilated.He was picked up and taken to the, p rf b who recentlyMassie Memorial Hospital, where the ATp..r- -p.fl ..company .physicians resorted to ampu- enlisted in the navy, Messrs. Ed. Flotation of both legs in hopes of saving Patrick, Ed. Doty and W. O. Pennmghis life. He lingered all day Tuesday, ton, have reached the training stationand death came Tuesday night. at Norfolk, Va., where they have beenThe remains were removed to the un- assigned to various duties untli theydertaking establishment of Mr. George are ready to be shipped as "Jack Tars 'W. Davis, where they were prepared in jjnce Sam's naval service,for burial. Relatives who had been no postcards received here by friends ortilled of the accident arrived Wednes- gtate thaf. they are ftU welfbody; "S cT taton to WBold homef.-r intnrTT.PT..-for interment.TOBACCO FERTILIZER.Tobacco Fertilizer. Supply Wm. L. McClure, 17, of North MiddleIS limited. Place orders at town, L. C. Taylor, 18, and Cornnrt ' irclius .lames, aged 17, of Paris,C. S. BRENT & BRO(April20-4t)CLEAN-UP DAY.The Clean-TJ.p Campaign opened witha vim in this city yesterdav, and pilesof rubbish taken from their winterstore house in back yards, side yards,(OTi ,fi,QT. ninnoc woro rr.ni.llv disnospd of bv the citv teams. The city wa.?given a pretty good clean-up, thanksf i n v .t0 tne energetic campaign waged bf01 Mr. ueorge w.' u e . TJr..,..t.r.n rvmnfv.members of the Bom.oon County.- - - - , .Civic Leatrue. The work will continue..,.ov ' ICLOSING OUT.Our entire stock of footwear retailfor less than wholesale.ELVOVE'S DEPARTMENT STORE.(27-3t)BUY A HOME SITE.At "College Hill Place," Tuesday af-ternoon, May IsLT hese lota are alljand defraying the expenses of the.,... i.Q tim0it,. npntor nf Paris. Rtete. As a result of this work of thev up- w -" w .,."".-'ciiand are sure to enhance rapidly in.1.10 tv tif.f iof .-r.. rmnnrfnnitv naais4u. i.vi. w -t-r-. '.JTZyou.4 x.)POPULAR CHAUTAUQUANTO LECTURE IN PARIS.The manv friends of Miss Meddte n.Hamilton, well and favorably known,.... . Im unautauqua circles throughout the,... iA - . ., . ..u 7 ,T , , u V Mr. Samuel Smith aged seventy-os.:" to learn that she wlli'a naUve o?BoSS: SStJSS?15vlsit Pans- an deliver a senes of Mas born on April 19 1846Jdld atlectures on "The Poets." ihome near Robertson, in HaSeom.ui&s naimuon, wno nas oeen spend-ing the seasonat Chautauqua, New-York, will be the guest of friends in garet Smith, o near Jacksonville. Hthis city ma week and nfcxt and wiUiwas married about fifty years aga ftd h lectureg t , t bp.Miss Susau Brewsaugh, of Harriet' er ne; leSr ff fne ! county, who survives him, without ckiPaecmea n later wnicn -will be an-dreiL He wag j . f M fnounced through the press of the city.i The funeral was held at th fnEveryone is cordially invited to attend.Those failing to hear Miss Hamilton'Avill miss a rare treat. Miss Hamil -ton has lectured in Paris .pvari1 Hmotiefore, and her friends will thusknQW what .g in store fQ them' Miss Hamilton has been in the lime,"s111 tor several years, having beenon the legitimate stage as a memberof the companies of several famousdramatic stars, and has von undyingfame for herself as a dramatic artisrShe ig a native of Kencuckyt and is-., - A. f' .i ji ii-:m i-.f i 111 m. 1 1 rim iT!;irr rnur niircic long made Kentucky women thestandard of womanhood.DESIRABLEBUILDINGSITES AT AUCTION.The building lots in "College HillFlace" are the most desirable residence sites to be had in Paris. Attend the sale Tuesday afternoon, May-- - -- mt"7"Ci ZL'a TmLand winsome of the cash prizes, it)cTuart robinon qrwnni(STUART PB'0C"0MLATInMProf "FJ V Tnrllnplr nrinmr.!.! nf tliostuart Robinson School at BlackeVf inthe Kentucky mountains, and a brother of Mr Thornwell Tadlock, of thisthis cit has written t0 Gov stanleyplacing at his disposal the entire plant,grounds and influence of the school.and expressing the hope that it maybe found available for some service.Part of the school campus has been.offered to the Boy Scouts for cultivation, the school planning to co-operate.with them.Mr. Tadlock addressed the Ebenezer marriage license Wednesday afternoon;Presbyterial at Richmond, Wednesday, to Miss Lida May Hardin and Mr. K.with reference to the Stuart Robinson p. Bowles, a young couple who camSchool and told them of the offer ho to Paris from Nicholas county. Theyhad made to Governor Stanley, and were married in the court house bywhich met with their approval. Rev w B Bni3f pastor of the PariaChristian church. The ceremony waaCHOICE LOTS. witnessed by 'Mr. Hobert Hardin, a.-- ,5--,., rvbl:other-o-the bride, who accompaniedOnly eighteen choice lots will be ,sold at College Hill sale on next Tuesday, May 1st. All good ones. (It)"COME AND BRING' THE BABY."May 1st to 8th is National BabyWeek. This time is set apart for childwelfare. "Better Mothers, Better Babies" is the slogan this year in accordance with this line of work.The Health and Welfare League willhave a special meeting on Thursday.May 3, in the County Court room at2:30 p. m.Special program will be rendered, including two fifteen minutes lectursv,v specialists. "Of General Care of theEverybody is cordially invited to atleitu, e-iai,, ; - , -;" ,children. Come and bring the babies.. rl AnnnAtnlKf -- n-v Y r t Wttl A11 II ITDuring the hours of the meeting thechildren will be cared for in a separate room by Mrs. Wade Whitley andMrs. Frank Burton.JOLLY TARS NOW!and having the times of their lives (ofwhich there is no possible doubt!) and.that they expect to get -into active.training at once.i Three new Bourbon county recruits.who were accepted for the service, left 1Lexington, Saturday night, to join theother boys.NEW OFFICES.I am now in a new location in roomson the third floor of the AgriculturalBank building, on Main street, betweenTTmirt.. m... "Rrnadwav. where I will beready to receive all callers. My oldquarters over Canal's barber shop onMain street, are closed.tit? ttat?rvDR. HARRY MATHERS.LEGISLATURE ADJOURNSAFTER LONG SESSION.Alter a session of full sixty legislative days, the extraordinary session otthe Kentucky Legislature, called together for the purpose 01 consideringrevenue and taxation measures, adjourned at 2:30 Wednesday after-noon.Eighteen bills and a number of resolutions were passed by the Legislature for the purpose of raising revenueLegislature the entire revenue systemr.;. it. 4..of the State of Kentucky has beenof the a" ,viuuwvu.deaths -SMITHcounty, recently, of .pneumonia. Mr.i Smith was a son of Samuel and Mar-i .'residence, with services t.nndnr.fd wRev. S. H. Bureess. followed br buriiJiin the Brewsaueh familv hnrriwground.ANDERSON.The funeral of Mrs. Kate H. A.derson, aged seventy-seven, who dioCWednesday morning at ten o'clock, atthe home of her daughter, Mrs. R. B.Wallingford, was held at the reskleacon Duncan Avenue, yesterday attarnoon at three o'clock, with service feyRev. W. E. Ellis, pastor of the Pari.Christian church. The "burial followed in the Paris Cemetery- The pallbearers were Brice Steele, B. M. Re&ick, Thomas W. Allen, Charles WhiterRudolph Davis, Frank White and If.H. Cannon.Mrs. Anderson had been an invalidfor some time, her death being due tathe infirmities of age. She is surviwed by one daughter, Mrs. Wallingford,with whom she has made her homfor several years, and five grandchildren, Nannette, Rose, Katherine, Virian and J. Stuart Wallingford, Jr.Mrs. Anderson was formerly a realdent of Mason county, but had beenresiding in this county for the pastfifteen years. She was a woman otquite refined tastes, whose life was atestimonial to the virtues of Christianwomanhood.MATRIMONIAL.ftv -i HARDIN BOWLES.Conntv Clerk Pearpp Patnn .Rs.ri.af. .them from Carlisle to this city.EARLYWINE DEJARNETT.Mr. J. R. Dejarnett, a young farmerof near Taylorsville, in Spencer county.and Miss Gladys Earlywine, daughterof Mr. and Mrs. H. H. Earlywine, oS.near Paris, were married at the horaaof Mr. and Mrs. James R. Stivers, on.High street, in this city Tuesday afternoon, by Rev. J. Taylor SaharrardLAfter the ceremony Mr. and Mrs. Dejarnett left for a short bridal trip toCincinnati and other points in Ohio,and upon their return will reside atthe home of the groom, near Taylorsville. TAYLOR TATE.Relatives and friends in this cityand county of the groom have receivedthe following announcement cards.,AT - ,. n ,..Mr. and Mrs. John G. Taylor announce the marriage of their sister;Winifred Maude to Mr. Walter TateWednesday, April eighteenth, onethousand nine hundred nineteen, Cusliing, Oklahoma. At Home after Jimthe first, Shawhan, Kentucky."The bride is originally from thaSouth, but has been making her horaain Denver, Colorado, for several yearauMr.JTate is a son of the late Mr. J. TTate, -of the Shawhan vicinity, and isone of Bourbon county's finest youngmen. He is a successful young farmerand stock-raiser and a man of splendid,business ability.Mr. Tate and his bride are making atour of the South, and on their returnwill be warmly welcomed by hosts otfriends in the Blue Gras.COTTON SEED MEALCotton Seed Meal.C. S. BRENT & BROc(April204t)"THE VILD ROSE."The girls of the Paris High Schoolwill present the beautiful and tunefillittle operetta, entitled "The WiH.Rose," in the High School Auditorirasuon the evening of Monday, April 30.The operetta will be presented undecthe personal direction and supervisioa."of Misses Leora Wiard and FranceEutler, of the High School faculty.The roles in the opperetta will betaken by High School talent exclusively, and an evening of genuine enjoyment is promised for all who attewithe performance. The girls who are totake part in the production have beeaputting in a good portion of their timein hard study and application to thuparts they will assume, and MienWiard promises that they will -be letter perfect when the curtain goe pon the initial act of the productMonday night. .,Tickets for the entertainment rnow on sale at the Sweet Shop. Ewvvide yourself in time to avoid the rwfc.and secure the pick of the good seats:before they are all gone.The trouble with the man who lityour friend for what yon hare is tkthe'll quit you the moseat aool.erelse with a little more coats aloc-X-1 ".Vis"i-THE BOURBON NEWS, PARIS, KY-FRIDAY, APRIL TT, mj1, f -THlk PrtivlA Mkir-p i qters in scnopl Is a benefactor to- hisI lie GOUlDOn llSwS community and the State. And hisJUblished 188135 Years of. Conworn usually gets uiu reuogmuun 01 agood salary. He is scarce.tinuous Publication.One High School principal whosework is widely known, makes athleticscompulsory. The dull boy has hisjbllshed Every Tuesday and Friday,jr Year. ..$2.00 Six Months... $1.00Payable in Advance.jfccr'?.EUfBfliplace on the class team to defend.EIThat atones fcr some shortage ofpennies. The parents will usually gohungry to keep them going. It istough on them, but it pays infinitely.BW1FT CHAMP, Editor and Owner.minAnv erroneous reflection unon the Work on sciwol gardens or with toolsIP?8character, standing or reputation of keeps boys in line in many places,any person, firm or corporation which The boy who is acquiring real skillway appear in the columns of THE .with a lathe thinks twice before takingBOURBON NEWS will be gladly cor-'a job as a flosr sweeper,reeled if brought to attention of the i Tne teacher will have to come downeditor. I to some piain an practical talk" " . about dollars and cents. She should'show that Graduation at the seventhigrade means the shovel gang, while. .... .......... the High School means a chance forCW. ,,l- mwo.,,. bank and the businegs officeSAGE TWOZk,plt.4The Town Beautiful Movement.The prevailing mode of town de-THE FARMERS' SPECIAL PART.Assistant Secretary of Agriculture-elopment for the past twenty-five ari vrooman nas appealed to tn.years in progressive towns has been farmers of the country to produce ato lay out streets in checkerboard great crop of foodstuffs this year.form at right angles. Some theor- The appeal should be answered. Itists of civic progress have advanced looks nw as if a shortage of wheat.the idea of late that a lay-out of curv- for this country and for the world, ising streets is more beautiful. They unavoidable. This shortage must bepoint to German cities Jthat followed made up by large production of otherthis plan to a large extent before the crops. There must be no bread fam-war. The right angled plan they con-,ines and n rits over hign-priced po-demn as too stiff, formal and geome-1 tatoes next winter.-trical. j Of course, no farmer is justified inIn towns having hills or bluffs, curv- disarranging his plan of farm work oring streets are frequently needful to forgetting the permanent welfare ofconform to the lay of the land. But his soil in order to plunge for a rec-there are practical objections to themord-breaking production of any oneon level ground. They usually make crop. Such a policy is not called formore steps for man and beast, though What js needed is a general movingit is true that in some instances they "P of production marks all along thedo cut corners. They lead to irregu (line. No fear as to lack of a marketlar shaped lots, and promote a more for any staple food product need bescattered development of the town, "felt The world is hungry and de-necssitatine lanrer expense for street .manas to De ted. It will pay to feedand sidewalk and sewer development.it. More than this, the welfare andThe laying out of streets is a mat- safety of the nation demand that anter to be strictly controlled by muni-' abundant supply of foodstuffs for thiscipal authorities. In the more progres- nation and for the nations across thesive towns it is usually so regulated. ' sea who are helping fight the battleIn some of the older and less advanc- for human rights be produced ond places, there is a disposition to American farms this year,allow real estate men to run streets j American farmers will not fail toin any criss-cross way that will pro-'meet the demands these troublousduce the most house lots. Straight times have laid upon them.streets connecting with each other di-lrectly across a town have a beauty BAD COUGH? FEVERISH? GRIPPY?of their Dwn. If well planted withtrees, long and pleasing vistas areYou need Dr. King's New Discoverycreated, making a harmonious whole, 'to stop that cold, the soothing balsam.and giving an impression of space and ingredients heal the irritated memdifinified arrangement branes, soothe the sore throat, the an-A great number of cities have of tiseptic qualities kill the germ andlate taken up the idea of town plant-j your cold is quickly relieved. Dr.ing boards. Few men would think of 'King's New Discovery has for 48 yearsconstructing a house without a plan, j been the standard remedy for coughsf If. 1? n. IlOUSe Or mUCIl vaiUC Uiev ,o.uu. wivio hi muuaauuB ui uumca. jci.call in a first-class architect. But until within a few years, most towns-were content to grow without any publiciy adopted plan for development.The result is frequently crazed patchwork streets, the lack of suitable parkland, the failure to secure lots neededin the future for schools and othetpublic buildings, for which high prices-will have to be paid later.a bottle to-day and have it handy inyour medicine chest for coughs, colds,croup, grippe and all bronchial affections. At your druggist, 50c.(april-adv)"TAP DAY" AT YALEAND PALM BEACH.THE NEWS is in receipt of a clipping Zroni the Boston, (Mass.,) Post,cf April 0, from Mrs. W. F. Jackson,formerly Mrs. Juanita Hudson Bell, ofParis. Mr. Jackson is in the movingpicture business with the ShermanLilm Release Co., featuring "TheKeeping Children In School.As the school year draws to itsclose, many of the older children become anxious to quit study and go towork. Nor is it often a desire to as-Jsist in family support. Principally it i Crisis," a great film story that it nowus a longing for pocket money, fo-(playing through Kentucky. The clipcandy, picture shows, etc. The boy 'ping, .vhich refers to the "tapping" ofvho has gone to "clerking," and can a Paris boy, Mr. Cassius M. Clay, inboldly with his own money line up a jone of the fraternal societies of Yale,row of girls to an ice cream counter, .is as foMows:is the particular hero of this period "'Tap Day exercises were held atIt is enough to make a teacher heart- Yale College, Thursday, six weeks insick to see the children that drop out (advance of the customary day thewith their education "finished." They last Thursday in May because of thedon't know the rudiments of American1 extraordinary conditions created bycitizenship. They haven't enough' he war. Eleven of the undergraduarithmetic to make change at a candy j ates elected to the senior societiescounter. Thev have no manuel skill v ere 'Japped' at Palm Beach, Flor-For years, perhaps always, they must'ida, where they are serving with thedig ditches and sweep floors. Theseare honorable tasks, if well done.But they provide no solid basis foradvancement, for growth in intelligence, and the education of the nextgeneration.The educator who can think up ascheme to keep these restless young-Spring ColdsAre the WorstThey lead to catarrh andpneumonia. They weaken theentire system and leave it unable to resist the suddenchanges. They interfere withyour digestion and lessen your activity. Neglected they soon becomethat dread disease known as systemic catarrh. Don't neglect them.It's costly as well as dangerous.PERUNAWill Safeguard YonHave a box of Peruna Tablets with you for the suddencold or exposure. Tone your system up with a regular course of theliquid Peruna, fortify it againstcolds, get your digestion up to normal, take care of yourself, and avoiddanger. If you are suffering now begin the treatment at once. GiveNature the help she needs to throwoff the catarrhal inflammation, andagain become wellPeruna has been helping peoplefor 44 years. Thousands of homesrely on it for coughs, cold and indigestion. It's a good tonic for theweak, as welLYale aerial coast patrol. Amongthese five were 'tapped' for 'Skulland Bones,' and six for 'Scroll andKeys." Among the candidates whereceived high honors were Charles P.Taft; Newell Garfield, of Mentor, O.,a grandson of the martyred President,Rutherford B. Hayes, and Cassius M.Clay, of Paris, Ky., son of an illustrious Kentuckian, Cassius M. Clay,Sr."A Tire for-BveryNeed of Price andUse'Nobby' 'ChaiW'Royal Cord'Usco' 'PlaiWQuality Pays Youand UsUnited States Tires are built with one supremethought behind them qualityand quality pays you and us.We put not alone good cotton and good rubber intobur tires;we use only the siiper-quality of both,plus design, construction, workmanship superquality all.Motorists have recognized this super-quality standard of United States Tiresby giving United States Tires not only amazinglylarge salesbut equally amazing sales increases.Quality pays you in service and us in salesUnited States TiresAre Good Tiresiimnn&!9fIUnited States Tabesand Tire AccessoriesHave All the SterlingWorth and Wear thaiMake United StatesTires Supreme.United States Tires are carried by the following Sales and Service Depots who can tell you which of the fivetypes of United States Tires exactly suit your needs : MILLERSBURG GARAGE, MILLERS BURG, KY.KENTUCKY CROP SUMMARYSTOP LEFT OVER COUGHS.Dr. Bell's Pine-Tar-Honey will stopthat hacking cough that lingers fromJanuary. The soothing pine balsamloosens the phlegm, heals the irritatedmembrane, the glycerine relieves thetender tissues. Don't neglect a lingering cough, it is dangerous. Dr. Bell'sPine-Tar-Honey is antiseptic and pleasant to take, benefits young and old,get it at your druggist to-day. Formulaon the bottle. 25c.(april-adv)Icemen in Philadelphia have struckfor higher wages. And the frost is ontne pumpKin, anat tne iodder in theshock.Friends should be valued more living, than dead; too many find faultsin the living and virtues after theyhave vanished.WHY CONSTIPATION INJURESThe bowels are the natural sewerage system of the body. When theybecome obstructed by a constipation apart of the poisonous matter whichthey should carry off is absorbed intothe system, making you feel dull andstupid, and interfering with the digestion and assimilation of food. Thiscondition is quickly relieved by Cham)erlain's Tablets. Obtainable everywhere. (april-adv)Except for unseasonably low temperature prevailing during most of theweek, the weather during the pastweek was favorable; but the soil continued wet, hence form work andcrops progressed very slowly. Freezing temperatures were quite generalon several mornings. Much bettertemperature conditions, however, prevailed at the close of the week, whenthe top soil was drying out and considerable flowing was accomplished.The wheat crop is generally reportedas poor, and rye fair, but both crop3are improving. Pastures are good.Tobacco is very late, while practicallyno corn has been planted. Garden itruck planting is progressing slowly.Early peaches are damaged; but thelate varieties and other fruit give fairpromise.MliniliHiiiiiliiiiiiliiiiiiiiiilllillillililllliMINSOMNIA.Indigestion nearly always disturbsthe sleep more or less, and is often thecause of insomnia. Eat a light supperwith little if any meat, and no milk;also take one of Chamberlain's Tabletsimmediately after supper, and see ifyou do not rest much better. Obtain Iable everywhere.(april-adv)Farm boys are quickest to join theai?ny, say recruiting men. But mostcf the patriotic noise comes from thecities.SPRING.Spring Is looked upon by many asthe most delightful season of the year,but this cannot be said of the rheumatic The cold and damp weatherbrings on rheumatic pains which aranything but pleasant. They can berelieved, however, by applying Chamberlain's Liniment Obtainable everySTEELASTIC pf fWEBBING y DREN60 ll Ml Lzt y4y s AWSi Ai i ! I kjs;Tat 1 bo. -syare made exclusively formedium and full figuresRengo Belt Corsets are not intended forslender women they are strong, sturdy corsets for medium and stout women, reinforced by a specially designed and exclusiveRcngo Belt feature for straightening theabdominal line.In every other respect these famous corsetsare ideal for reducing because of their perfectlines and absolute strength. . Rengo BeltCorsets cannot be stretched out of shape orbroken, no matter what amount of wearingstress is put upon them by heavy figures.They will mould to their own beautiful linesbecause thev are Rtroncrpr than nnw fimiroyet pliable and comfortable because they haveCtHZ l It. i. r. .no "fixings''trappings" of any kindnothing to indicate that thev are. snpriaiiirconstructed Reducing corsets, unless youunderstand tne scienunc tailoring of theas design itself.aSz All models are boned throughout with double watch-j spring steels, and some are fitted with "slcclasiic" webbing5 inserts, for more active freedom.For Sale by FRANK & CO.'iNajPRICES$2.00, $3.00 and $5.00where.)l''''-"M!tM-Cdwrintf. - OfaiHISIKIW3 XtjdUdr).fi-&f''.'itfVtt"-l:Jt..The Peraaa Company.IFRIDAY, APRIL 27, 1917;THE BOURBON NEWS, PARIS, KY.FAGfcTHRWrC,iJiip' I can eat 'em all they &fj$ won't hurt me! That's be-cause they're made with Calu- MB met and fiat's why they're Ijfi pure, tempting, tasty, whole- JRft some that's why they won't SJ1 yW RccciveJ Highest Avrards &JiWaFARMER, 76, IS, WELL MAN NOWSOld Kentucky Cavalryman FindsWay to End Weakness,i "MS WORD IS HIS BOND."Cheap and big canBakingPowders do notsave you mon if. Calumet does it's Pureand far superior to sour milk and soda.It's no disgrace to be getting old"but it is mighty foolish to let yourselfbe 60 years of age at 45.E. A. Wallace, who lives on the Owenton pike, six miles from Frankfort, isone of the best known farmers inFranklin county. He is seventy-sixyears old and a veteran of the ThirdKentucky cavalry, in which he servedin the stirring days of '01. He is alsoa prominent .member of the Odd Fellows' lodge, and when his friends speakof him they often say, "His word is hisbond."Mr. Wallace recently felt generallyrun down in health and became weakand nervous, ne was persuaded to tryTanlac, the tonic which has been indorsed by literally thousands of fellowKentuckians, and after a thorough testhe felt himself in duty bound to comeout with the following public statement. He said :"I suffered from nervousness andweakness and was generally run down.I couldn't sleep well nights on accountof my nervousness. I took four bottlesof Tanlac, and the result was simplyremarkable. For one of my age I almost feel like a new man."I am glad to recommend Tanlac because of what it has done for me. Ibelieve it to be the best tonic I haveever taken, especially for the nervesand as a strength restorer."It is on the recommendation of suchmen as Mr. Wallace that Tanlac hasoecome so popular all through Kenlucky. Men like him would not comeout publicly and praise it if its meritsdid not justify their words.If you are not feeling right get Tanlac today. Don't put It off, as delay inhealth matters is dangerous.Tanlac, the master medicine andreconstructive tonic, is sold exclusively in PARIS by Varden & Son.Other exclusive agents in nearbytowns are as follows:HUTCHISON, Snell & Wood; MILLERSBURG, W. G. Wadell; ELIZABETH, Oscar Smith; CARLISLETrueman &. Son; GEORGETOW.., C.H. Arnold; WINCHESTER, Duty DrugIJompany; AUSTERLITZ, B. S. Parrish. (adv.)SOCIAL AND PERSONAL.Comings', and Goings of OurPeople Here, There andElsewhere.DEBATE ON ARM BILL.Gardening is hard work. Anybodywho says it isn't is lying to you.WASHINGTON, D. C., April 26. TheAdministration's Army Bill is underdebate in both houses of Congress,with right-of-way over all other legislation until passed. Despite the opposition of Chairman Dent, of the HouseMilitary Affairs Committee, Administration supporters maintain that theywould override the volunteer plan byf'om twenty to twenty-five votes.7 "Mrs. Yutaki Minakuchi has beenvisiting friends and relatives in Louisville this week.Mrs. Jesse Gardner, of Paris, attended tne Higgins-Murphy wedding inRichmond last week.Mrs. William M. Talbott has return from a visit to Miss Marion Russell Shipp, m Lexington.Mrs. H. E. Foster was a guest thisveek of Mrs. H. Craig Shipp and MrsFithian Shipp, in Lexington.Mrs. Robert Hodge, of London,Kentucky, is a guest of Mrs. J. W.Shearer and Mrs. O. T. Tapp.Mrs. Elizabeth Bowen, of Maysville, is a guest of her sister, Mrs.Jesse Blake, on Railroad streetMr. J. Sims Wilson has returnedfrom a trip to Pensaaola, Okla., wherehe has large business interests.Mrs. Harry Booth, of Lawrenceburg, is a guest of her parents, Mr.and Mrs. A. J. Fee, on Fifth street.Mr. and Mrs. J. W. Ilayden havereturned from a visit to Mrs. ParmeliaPrown and other relatives in Stanford. Mr. Joseph Evans has returned tobis home in Scott county, after a visitto his brother, Dr. Silas Evans, inParis.Mr. and Mrs. W. Wr. Burley havegone to Wynadotte, Michigan, to spendthe summer with their son, Mr. W. D.Burley.Mr. Baldwin Woods has returnedto St. Mary's College, after a visit tobis parents, Mr. and Mrs .Jack Woodsen Eighth street.Miss Corinne Allen has returnedjto her home in Georgetown, after avisit to Mr. and Mrs. Roaert McCray,at North Middletown.Mr. and Mrs. Herman Sherrickhave returned to their home in Georgetown, after a visit to Mrs. Louis Saloshin and family, on Pleasant street.Mr. and Mrs. R. F. Sweeney, of(Paris, have moved to Georgetown toreside. They will occupy a part ofthe residence of Mrs. Tayette Barkley.Mr. and Mrs. George Jacoby anddaughter. Miss Myra Jacoby, have returned to their home in Winchester,after a visit to Mrs. J. T. Wills, inFaris.Mrs. Ed. F. Cantrill, accompaniedby her daughter, Miss Lena Cantrill,has gone to Kansas City, Mo., to receive treatment by a specialist forasthma.Hon. C. M. Thomas, of near Paris,candidate for Representative fromBourbon County, was in Winchesterand Clark county several days thisweek on a business trip.A successful operation for removalof enlarged tonsils was performed onlittle Miss Nancy Carroll Bald-win,daughter of Mr. and Mrs. GroverBaldwin, at the . Massie MemorialHospital, in this city, last Sunday.Rev. Michael Jaglow:cz and RevIgnatius Perius, of St. Mary's College,and Mr. Theodore Jaglowicz, of Lebanon, have returned to their respectivehomes, after a visit to Mr. and Mrs.Jack Woods and family, on Eighthslreet.The Winchester Daily Democratsays: says: "Catesby Spears and J. JVilliams, of Paris, were here Mondayon business. While here, they droveover a number of Winchester asphaltstreets, for the purpose -of inspectingthem, as the City Council of Paris iscontemplating constructing a numbeiof similar streets."The Junior Chaperono Club ofLexington gave its last dance of theseries for the season Tuesday night inthe ball room of the. Phoenix Hotel.mi Lexington. The room was beautifully decorated in the national colorsin many striking effects. One featureof the evening was the number ofcouples representing America, President and Mrs. Wilson, and the variouscountries of the Old "World composingEntente Allies. Among those attending and participating in the .pleasuresct the evening were Miss Kate Alexander, Mr. Charlton Clay, Mr. and Mrs.Arthur B. Hancock and Mr. John HKreiner, of Paris.(Other Personals on Page 5)NOTICE TOSICK WOMENPositive Proof That ,LydiaE. Pinkham's VegetableCompound RelievesSuffering.Bridgeton,N. J. "I cannot speak toohighly of Lydia E. Pinkham'3 Vegetable Compound forinflammation andother weaknesses. IwTas very irregularand would have terrible pains bo that Icould hardly take astep. Sometimes Iwould be so miserable that I could notsweep a room. Idoctored part of thetime but felt nochange. I later took Lydia E. Pinkham's Vegetable Compound and soonfelt a change for the better. I took ituntil I was in good healthy condition.I recommend the Pinkham remedies toall women as I have used them with suchgood results." Mrs. Milford T. Cummings, G22 Harmony St., Penn's Grove,NJ.Such testimony should be accepted byall women as convincing evidence ofthe excellence of Lydia E. Pinkham'sVegetable Compound as a remedy forthe distressing ills of women such asdisplacements, inflammation, ulceration,backache, painful periods) nervousnessand kindred ailments.Kf ' &FOR REPRESENTATIVEFROM FLEMING COUNTY& Little Stick ofMakes tbe Whole World KinNo climate affects it forthe package protects it.WRllxBLEV'S gees to allparts of the world inall seasons, to all classes.Fresh, clean, wholesomeand delicious always.It aids appetite and digestion, quenches thirst,keeps the teeth cleanand breath sweet.TheFEavorLastsSCLCIEP.S 111 EUROPEJAPANESE GI3LS IN TOKYOMr. S. Lee McGohan, editor of theEwing Inquirer, has announced hiscandidacy for Representative in theLegislature from Fleming county, subject to the action of the Democracy ofFleming county at the August election.Mr. McGohan, in his card statesthat he is heartily in favor of thaState-wide prohibition movement, Imtsupplements the declaration, as follows:"In defining my stand 3ii the above,it is not for the sake of merely winning political favor, for before I wouldsacrifice my convictions, be they'wet' or 'dry,' I would be content to fiUthe lowest station in life, and havingthe satisfaction of knowing it washonorably filled."Mr. McGohan is one of the bestknown newspaper men in iiis section,and is personally one of the mostagreeable and companionable of men.He has character and intellect to amarked degree and' if elected to theoffice he would represent the goodcounty of Fleming in a most worthyway.ENDORSED AT HOME.Such Proof As This Should ConvinceAny Paris Citizen.hUTCHCRAFT TAXATIONBILL PARSES SENATE.FRANKFORT, KY., April 26. TheHutchcraft bill increasing the corporation license tax from 30 cents to 50cents on the $1,500 of authorized capital stock, was passed by a vote oftwenty-five to six in the Senate afterbrief discussion.The Senate adopted an amendment,offered by Senator Glenn, providingthai: the license tax shall not apply tocorporations which pay a franchisetax. The bill now goes back to theHouse for concurrence in the GlennamendmentGOVERNMENT BUYING BACON.KttSiPyL ftwA s -'T-i'T.v.-urrrs? sjTzz. jyV U v "SHEEP HEPDER IN AUSTKAUfi. c", k3?., 3.. tIV. ... -T 1 Vli.7 ! . IThreeFineFlavorsmgueySTv-umMM3ttAftereverymealMr(&PB J,sf-3m OX DRIVER IN SINGAPOREMFml WRAPPEDW w1 ciHIL'ACHICAGO, April 26. One millionpounds of bacon at 35 cents a poundhave been (purchased here "by the Government in the last few days. This isthe highest grade of bacon. Amongthe packers it was said a modificationcf Government specifications as tobaconwould make for economy. Cannedsausage and canned com beef alsohave been bought in considerable quantities.FIRST WAR LOAN OVERSCRIBED 100 PER CENT.WASHINGTON, April 26 The Federal Reserve Board telegraphed instructions to all Federal banks toclose their subscription books at 10 a.m. to-day to subscriptions for the firstoffering of $200,000,000 in treasurycertificates.The offering, first of any securitiesmade under the war finance law, hasteen oversubscribed, it is belived 100per cent, possibly more.SIGNS WAR BILL.WASHINGTON. April 26. PresidentWilson has signed the war bondbill, authorizing the sale of $5,000,000,000 in government bonds and2,000,000,000 in treasury certificates.The public endorsement of a localcitizen is the best proof that can beproduced. None better, none strongercan be had-. When a man comes forward and testifies to his fellow-citizens,addresses his friends and neighbors, you may be ure he is fully convinced or he would not do so. Tellingone's experience when it is for the public good is an act of kindness thatshould be appreciated. The following statement given by a resident ofFaris adds one more to the many casesof home endorsement which are beingpublished aoout Doan's Kidney Pills.Read it.H. C. Hutchcraft, 1115 Main Street,Paris, says: "I have used" Doan's Kidney Pills off and on for a great manyj ears and with good results. Whenever I have suffered from weaknesscr lameness across my back, I havealwaysfoundr Doan's Kidney Pills', procured from the Ardery Drug Co., neverfail to relieve me of the complaint."Price 50 cents, at all dealers. Don'tsimply ask for a kidney remedy getDoan's Kidney Pills the same thatMr. Hutchcraft had. Foster-MilburnCo., Props., Buffalo, S. Y.(adv)The dealer who recxmmends Diamond Tires to you knows you will bepleasedHe-knows the saving you will makewith one DiamondAnd he will tell you it is to yourinterest to use all Diamonds and savefour times as muchYou can depend on his recommendatiorioEvery Diamond Tire mast deliver full value in service. If ever a Diamond Tire fails, a cheerful, willingadjustment will be promptly made.DiamondTiresSqueegeeTreadSimirrmC. S. BALL GARAGECor. 4th & Pleasant Sts., Paris, Ky.Klyf)Time133EXEfa wMerciless Father Time mowsdown scantily painted buildings.His scythe cuts deep into unprotected boards. He slashesconstantly, day and night, allyear round. He wins. The buildings lose.Paint which will blunt the edge of Time'sscythe, and be an armor protection for thebuildings, is Dutch Boy White-Lead thinnedwith linseed oil and tinted any color desired.This paint is all-weatherproof proof against blistering sun, drenching rain, piercing wind, snow and sleet.It will add long life and beauty to your buildings, andneither crack nor scale.Come to us for paint materials of the lasting kind andfor good advice on painting, for jobs big or little.Dutch BoyAnchorWhite-LeadC. A. DAUGHERTYr-t .v.'"""""" t..f..T.... -T -f f f t T T"T1- T T 11111111111111111Sole AgencySTACY -ADAMSSHOESRUBY GL.OSSFurniture Polisliwoxmrs BESTDUSTS, CLEAXS,I'OZiXSvIjc3Ycur Furniture,Piano, Yoolv.-ork,Autor.iobile, JTinishrd Flocr-;, and allYarnlshtd Surfaces.Clear, pi:" andfree fro:n any prum."Will noc s at herdust, us it yivcs ahard, dry, b-ightgloss; a brighterlustre than wax andeasier to us 3.FOR FLOORS USEHaudensCedorQl,ra isnmo r 03FTS c LsGuaranteedTo give entire satisfaction or yourmoney willhe refundedTHE J. T. HINTON CO.(April 27-U-F)JjLmJmkfiBl$7-00 and $7-50iJ3.I Take Advantage of These Pricesand Save Money.tHARRY LINVILLEIITIIIimU,! 11m..T.,1. 1. T..T..T..T.,T..l. T, T.A...T. . 1 tff j 1 1 ) )) 'vous, tired, worried or despondent it is asuresignyouneedMOTT'SNERVERlNEPILLS: They renew the normal vigor andmake life worth living. Be sure and ask foMott't Nenrerine Pill S&gSWaUAMS MFG. CO . rW.. CUtmJ. OUc jOBERDORFERyThe Druajlit. justaGenfie qp SolmiiJkHBrMm?A$J 't:ziO wo-yf i m y f"AGE FOURTHE BOURBON NEWS, PARIS, KY.FRIDAY, APRIlL XT,1$VIs fThe Bourbon Newstotal 1St 136 Years of ConUnions Publication.RURAL CARRIER EXAMINATIONThe United States Giii ServiceCommission has announced an examination for Bourbon County Kentucky,An Ordinance. . . to be held at Paris, on "May 26, 1917,!iiMihd Every Tuesday and Friday. to fill tte posltIoil of rural carrier, at Imposx ... .UU SIX JMOntns...l.U0.paHs. and vnranr.iPS thnt tnav laforPayable in Advance. occur on rural routes from other post-V- loffiees in the above mentioned nminfv.The examination will open only tomale citizens who are actually domiciled in the territory of a post office inWIFT CHAMP, Editor and Owner.-sfcUrd at the Paris, Kentucky, .the county and who meet the otherPotoffice as Mall Matter of the requirements set forth in Form No.Second Class.) 1977 r form and applicationblanks may be obtained from theoffices mentioned above or from theUnited States Civil Service ServiceCommission at Washington, D. C. Applications should be forwarded to theCommission at Washington at the earliest practicable date.THE LEXINGTON RACES.PUBLISHERS' MEETING.The annual spring meeting of thThe regular quarterly meeting of theBlue Grass' Publishers' and Printers'Association, of which Mr. James M.Allen, of the Cynthiana Democrat, ispresident, and Mr. D. M. Hutton, ofLexington, secretary, was held at thePhoenix Hotel in Lexington last weekThe Executive Committee of theKentucky Press Association met at thssame time to make arrangements forthe summer meeting -of that organization. At both meetings matters ofvehicle, horse drawn, usedfor jhusiness purposes or de-I livery, per year . i -"3.00For operating each auto truckof over 1 tons capacity for! business purposes or deliv-inga License Tax for the T.ery- Peryear . j. .......... .For operating each auto truckExercise of Certain Privileges ' Dat exceeding 1 tons ca-. pacity for business purposesand Carrying On Certain Oc- or delivery, per yearEach sewing machine storecupations and Business within r agent, per yearResolutions10.005.00be Issued providing for tie paymwirof interest thereon at the rate of notmore than 5. per cent per annumAt the election herein ordered thequalified voters of the City of Paris,Kentucky, shall have the right to vote,and a tax proposed to be levied for thepurposes aforesaid shall be levied uponan properly m tne uity of Paris, subCITY HALL, PARIS, KY.,April 26, 1917.WHEREAS, The Board of Education &t,1S,!OP SCh01 PUrpSe3 in thoof the City of Paris have submittedthrough the City Clerk to the BoardEach bakery, per year 10.00 ? uu"" Ul " "a a wni-v.A i w rA nr. ir-tn ten reP&rt setting forth the needs of10.00the Limits of the CitV of Each .plumber, gas or electrici fitter, iper year 10.00Paris, Kentucky. Beginning Each 'undertaker and embalni-er, or nrm in tue unueriaK-on the 1st day of May, 1317,and Ending on the 30th dsyof April, 1918, and Imposing aPenalty for Violation Hereof.nXentuckv AssftiMnHnn nr f tua ,Mi. &- miercst w iae newspaper iraier-turf events in the State, begins at mLrekn Up and consi,dered- fczsrig iLicn0ltin to 'SSdayn fcraatAfit snort in th. rtn tLSi V- Ph:emx' and enjoyed the program pro--those who attend.vided by that lively organization.There will be seven races daily.Among: the stake features are the BenAll Handicap, Tuesday, May 1: theAshland Oaks, Thursday, May 3; thetjamaen wanaicaio, Saturday, May 5;Uinta, Stakes, Monday, May 7; the IdleBosr Stakes, Wednesday, May 9; theDerby Trial, Tuesday, May S. Everyxace will be a contest between thefleetest runners on the American turf.Tke best horses in Kentucky will bein the listThe Lexington meeting has alwaysbeen well patronized from this vicinity, and it goes without saving that I The Paris lodges K. of P. have beenthere will be a large attendance at notinea tnat the Louisville lodges K"this meeting, which will present unusu3KEEP OUT THE BUGS AND FLIESBig line of screen doors and screenwindows. Made to fit any size door orwindow. Screen wire by the yard.Our prices are always a little lower,the quality a shade better than thelest(20-4t) LAVIN & CONNELL.CITY HALL, PARIS, KY.,April 26, 1917.Be it ordained by the Mayor an'lBoard of- Council, of the City of Paris,Ky.:That licenses be and are hereby imposed and required In the City ofParis, Ky., as follows, beginning May1, 1917:For operating billiard or pooltables, for the first table, peryears $ 50.00For each additional table, peryear 20.00For operating a bowling alleyper year 35.00For operating a pawn shop orloan office, per year 100.00For operating a shooting gallery, a merry-go-round, orFlying Dutchman, or dollrack, or similar amusementstand, per dayFor operating a moving pictureshow or opera house, ner1.00City of Paris.The City Clerk shall give notice of theelection and registration above provided for by publishing a notice thereof in a newspaper having a generalcirculation in the City of Paris, Ken-there is imperatively demanded and TJJiJZIJ lTi"o uuid it ottiu cictuuu u legislation. Said notice shall specify thesaid school, andWhereas, It appears therefrom thatthat the necessities of said schools require that an addition to the schoolbuilding for white children be constructed and equipped and in ad-ingand embalming business,per year 10.00For operating a soda fountainand the business of sellingsoaa water, ice cream ana 'ditian to the school building for col-vuier sotL uruiKs containing orei children be constructedno aiconoi, per year 25.00 equipped, and it further appearingFor the sale of any soft drink, froni said report that the sum of $46,conaining any alcohol, not ex- '000.00 will be required for said purcefminor rnc nercnntfiepp minw- ' ,a ..j i.ni. ..j ' w v.edhvSKP law nprlnni 7m 1 nrm nn 'V v. -vv""i mu cuu bum copy of this resolution and will like-For oDeUnA T by leVy f ? wise furnish a copy of same to theselHn ice cream at whole- 'fwTi? by, W in any ne ?eaf and County Clerk of Bourbon County withselling- ice cream at wnoie- that the said sum necessary to be ex jn ten (10) davs after the nassae-P n-sale, per year 25.00 nended for said nurnrmp; pypppU tho Vu J. 7 auer tne passage oFor nprid lino- ipp rrpam it rt penuea ior saiu purposes exceeds the the resolution, and the said Sheriff andor peaanng ice cream at re- .income and revenue of the City of cnifi rniintv niort- OM ,uof -. atail from wagon, for each lparis for school Dumoses in anv on , Co,Jnty Cler1k are1 "rected to dowa-on 10 00 , sciiooi purposes in any one and perform each and everything re-Ea5i place 'of ' business' ' 'far con- i"' quired dJir the Tlas of "J Commonducting the business of selling drinks Whereas, It further appears that the ea"n of Kentucky m conducting saidof any kind shall be kept open to i only practicable method of raising said eIection and registration and in thefull view from the street on which sum of money is by an issue of bonds Preserv?tlon of the returns and thesuch place is situated. jand levy from time to time to pay canvassmS an certification of theIt shall be unlawful for any billiard the bonds and interest thereon, and .voteor popl room, or any .place of business 1 Whereas, Said Board of Education jt js further ordered and directedfor conducting the sale of drinks of in said report recommended and re-'that g Board of Election Commisany kind to be operated or kept open j quested that Uie proposition of issuing sioners of Bourbon County shall canbetween the hours of eleven o'clock the bonds in the amount aforesaid be ,-oCa , t-oh, p ootri liQf,- fl.,iamount of indebtedness proposed to boincurred, the purpose of the same andthe amount necessary to be raised an-j nually by taxation for an interest andaiuiuu iuuu as aoove set ouuThe City Clerk will furnish to theSheriff of Bourbon County a certifiedPYTHIAN HOME COMING.of P. have decided to hold their fourtlJ mUy good cards daily for their amuse- j annual "Pythian Home Coming" at3ent, and perhaps, financial benefit. Lexington, on June it. bpeciai excur-The admission prices will be: Men, 'sums will be run over the Louisville &3LS0: ladies. S1.00. Children uncle 1 Nashville for this gathering of theKnights and their friends. The trip For conducting the business of,sixteen will not be admitted.The pleasures of the day will be en- win not only consist of a visit to thekanced by a splendid program of mu Pythian Home, but will be in the na-eical numbers rendered by an orches-1 ture of a picnic as well. Many whomonth 10.00 .carry on any business, occupation orrur lonowing tne caning or caning, or ao anv act ror which aan auctioneer, per year 20.00For conducting the occupationof real estate agent, per year 25.00For conducting a hotel, peryear - 25.00For conducting a restaurantper year 20.00For each lunch wagon or lunchstand, not on street, peryear 25.00For conducting the business ofIndustrial Insurance Co.,each agent for each companyrepresented, per year50.00Ira of great merit, a decided innovation.Public conveyances will use thewill make the trip will take well-filledbaskets and enjoy a real day of outdoor enjoyment with the eighty-sixSixth street entrance only, and private children on the 101-acre farm at theconveyances will use the Fifth and -tvtnian home,Jtacef street entrances only.RECOVERS TIMEPIECE.A. watch which Mr. Kenney Kiser lostarearly four years ago while plowing infield on the farm of his father, Mr.TWalker Kiser, near Kiserton, was re-ADDRESS TO NURSESAND PHYSICIANS.An address that will be of practicalvalue to those most concerned will bedelivered at the Massie Memorial Hos-trntol in rliic nitxr i4- oitrhf n'nlnnlr tlS.covered by him a few days ago inai,-,.. . . ". ,ot unexpected way. . (f"day enm& by,Dr: Barclay oneMr. Kiser was plowing in the same'?f "ie "w physicians m Lex-' Dr. Barclay's subject will be "TheValue of the Professional Nurse to zifield, and when about the middle of a3omg furrow, the -plowshare threw ouf -mm object that sparkled m the sun.3r. Kiser secured it and after cleaningit off, was pleased to discover he had:iond his long lost watch in identicallyor soliciting Old Line Life Insurance, each agent, for eachcompany represented, peryear 50.00For conducting the business of,or soliciting fire insuranceeach agent for each companyrepresented, per year 25.00For conducting thebusiness ofor soliciting accident or casualty insurance each agentfor each company represented, per year 10.00For conducting the business of,or soliciting bonding or fidelity company, each agentfor each companyi represent- ,ed, per year 10.00For operating each public hall,per year 10.00For conducting the business offlorist or florist's agent, peryearttiltv 4-4- j"t 4-, .!. .C A-V. . ..A1!C 1ouuuiiticu w v"lc "L uub uudiiiiei j certify the results and they are divoters of the City of Pans, Ken- rected to deliver a copy of the certi.mly' r -r, ... , , ification each to the Board of CouncilTherefore, Be it resolved by theIof the City of Paris and to the BoardBoard of Council of the City of Paris, of Education of the City of Paris. TheKentucky that an election be and the election herein ordered shall be consame is hereby called and ordered to ducted without secret ballot and thebe held! on Uie 2d day of June 1917. method of voting shall be viva voce,and that at said election there be sub- Approved:license is required by the foregoing City of Paris, Kentucky, the following j Mayor of the Citv of Paris Kysections, without first obtaining a proposition: Copy Attest " 'license as required, each person shali j "Are you in favor of issuing bonds j v HA.YDENuc nucit njc icas yuan uim ujuur iiyr ,iu uie sum on o.uuu.uu lo oe puiu ip. m. and five o'clock a. m., and ifany person shall so operate or keepopen such place of business betweenthe hours of eleven o'clock p. m. andfive o'clock a. m.. such person shallbe fined, for each offense, not lessthan one nor more than fifty dollars.And if any person shall operate ormore than fifty dollars for each by levies from time to. time to meetoffense. Each sale which may be i the bonds and interest thereon, for themade without such license shall con-! purpose of constructing and equippingCity Clerk, Paris, Ky.stitute a separate offense.J. T. HINTON,Mayor.Attest:J. W. HAYDEN.Clerk.-an addition to the City School forwhite children and an addition to theCity School for colored children?"There is likewise called and orderHEMP DELIVERED.An OrdinanceCommunity," and will no doubt be Fo'r conducting the business ofheard with great interest by his au junk dealer, per yearditors. An invitation has been extend-1 For conducting each skatimrakuu uio jii, iua, n aim 111 iuguiii;ix.ii .....,. t iIke me spot where he had dropped JJ?Jr. ..;"' ! LLS10.0020.0025.00CITY HALL, Paris, Ky., April 26, 1917AN ORDINANCE REQUIRING ALLPROPERTY OWNERS WITHINTHE CITY OF PARIS TO NUMBERTHEIR HOUSES AND PRESCRIBING "'PLANS AND IMPOSING PENALTY FOR FAILING TO SO DO.Jt nearly four years before.Th timfnip.p.p. was in rvArfpot onnrli. with the exception of the second, tend and "earJDnBardayi the county, and to all others who may i For exhibiting each circus orBe it ordained by the Mayor andBoard of Council of the City of Paris,Ky.:Section I That all persons, firmsand coporations owning urope-tv within the City of Paris are hereby required to number their houses cr la-eiIt is estimated that about threefcurths of the hemp crop of Clarked to be held a special registration ou county, which had been sold to E. F.the 21st ciav of Mav 1017. for th Spoars & Sons, of this city, nad beenpurpose of registering all qualified delivered to their two receiving houseselectors who are not alreadv properly in Winchester. A few weeks of goodregistered. For the purpose of holding weather will see the entire crop in thesaid election and registration, it is houses. The hemp is being shipped a3ordered that the Sheriff of Bourbon rapidly as the cars can be secured, toCounty, on the dates aforesaid cause the Eastern milling points. A largethe polls to be opened in each of the proportion of the crops in this countysix voting precincts in the City of has also een delivered to- the dealers.Paris on the dates aforesaid and asthe law directs. RECRUITING OF COLOREDIt is further ordered that said bond3.' APPLICANTS DISCONTINUEDif authorized to be t-jsued, shall ma-ture at intervals to be hereafter de- Postmaster J. Walter Payne yestertermined, -but none of said bonds are day received the following notice fromto mature at a later date than 20 years CapL F W Hershler U S Armyafter the date of issue and that there RecruitIng officer at Lexington,shall be raised annually by taxation Tn acceDtance of colored annl.for said purpose the sum of ?4,600, or ,net. accePtance or colored appLsuch part thereof as may be necessary cants has been ordered discontinued'for an interest and sinking fund for for tne present by the War Departthe puropse of paying the, interest on ment Accept no more colored-appli-saidbonds and redeeming said bonds cants until further notice from thUat their maturity. Said bonds shall office."Get One Of These Prizesjj tiltaaA, which had become badly rusted.j The watch, when wound up, startedh jxamning as we-H as ever, and at last, lieconts was still go;ng, with excel-Spent prospects for future usefulness.t ! Moral Nothing is ever really lostji tfewrer.if f ,.4D. A. R. MEETING.ff-el an interest in Hip Rnhippf tn af. meiiageue, per uay zo.UU e iiarioc.B i,r, u -: .i.. t- j ,.., , w . l.II.;.. . .. . ,- ' ?J-O.J VI V USIJI I L11C lal 11 -vvrAi,lolunB eaCn S,Qe Sn' .- of July1917, in accordance with the ipCi uy ... o.uu following plans.li'ui ujimuuuiii; uie uusmess oit5-4- H-IKIZ-At ThInsure withW.O. HINTON &SON,AgtsDESTRUCTIVE FIRE.wholesale coal oil and gasoline, per year 125.00For conducting the business ofsteam laundry or steam laundry agent, for each companyrepresented, per year 50.00For the business of sellingcigarettes, per yearswtli li The meeting of the Jamima Johnson ' last week, caused a damage of $13,000!'Cfeatert Daughters of the American i to tne buildings occupied by GeorgeA fire of unknown origin which Fr rnnrinptinir o lnoJ'wrapt over a portion o Dayton, KyY"Viw?f LjSSSL 'Siyeart I HcTolation. which will be held at the J- Rost & Sens, and Uie Fisher TransJ residence of Misses Winnie and Lutic ( fer Co., near the C. & O. depot and, Williams, on Pleasant street, to-mor- Walnut street. , tj 'tow afternoon at two o'clock, will bp An iron wal in the Fischer stablesiiitoroted mainly to a "Sewing Bee," 'as a11 tuat neld the fire back and pre" riiAn tlia members will fashion art i- i vented what would have been a most(Wee needed for the D. A. R. room in disastrous conflagration in the busi- F conducting 'the biisine of, Vassle Memorial Hosnital. in tliissness district A high wind was carry-, L S?.?."! ?D?5 ness 0fi vr n . z r .': : ': i. n j ...,ritv. The business nrocram will he o j in& L" "aiues towara ine25.00200.00For conducting the business ofbutcher shop, or meat market or retailing fresh meatsof any kind, $2.50 per month,or per year 25.00For retailing sausage, peryear 5.00peddling fruit, per day 5.00Residences. j 1 "V :,",Fr ""f '' Vred, after which tne sewing party 'm which the occupants fed in 1'?"4 .0 ...,.., QU..UV,, UUl.ter, eggs ana country pro-rill be held. It is asked that all the ror and alarm. The less to the firmsleathers be present on this occasion.inDemandHome-MadeBread!Take No Other.was George J. Rost & Son. $12,000; theFischer Transfer Co., ?1,000. Partis-insured.WE BAKEEVERY DAY.WILMOT;BGrocery Co.Phone 376Rre, wind and lightningi insurance.Thorn as, Woodford &BryanFORMER PARIS BOYWINNER IN DEBATE.Cadet Rogers, of Kentucky, was thesuccessful contender in the debate recently held in the auditorium of theCurry Literary Society, at Greenwood,S. C, over representatives from thePierian Society of Spartansburc:. inj the same State.The query under discussion was,"Resolved, That the United Statesjsliould require every able-bodied malecitizen between the ages of nineteenand twent-one to serve six years, thrermonths in each year, in military training, under the direct supervision ofthe War Department" The Curryrepresentatives took the affirmative,while the negative was upheld by thePierians.Mr. Rogers is a fonrr resident ofthis city, being a son Mrs. Elizabeth C. Rogers, formerly of Paris, andnow residing in Lexington. He is anephew of County Judg Charles A.McMillan, Mrs. Jo Varden and Dr. Raymond Mqjllillan, of Paris, and a grandson of Mrs. J. T. McMilfcn, of Lexington. $His father, the late SamuelRogers,;'was a prominent member, ofthe Bourbon county bar.50.0010.00Don't imagine that your path is alway going to be smooth; many a mil:jlionaire's limousine has to be pulledout of the ruts.duce, not the product of theperson oeddling or sellingsuch produce, for each personpeddling, per year 5.00dling, per year : . . 5.00For conducting the business ofmeat peddler, per yearFor peddling or selling uponline, ner yearFor pedding or selling uponthe streets articles not otherwise provided for and whichare not such as are kept forsale by resident merchants,in the discretion of theMayor, per day from.. $1.00 to 10.00For conducting each auctionhouse, per day 23.00For each bill poster, per year 10.00For conducting the business ofselling milk or cream, foreach vehicle used, per year. . 5.00For practicing or pretendingto practice for compensationany of the arts or sciencesof hypnotism, magnetic o" Divine neaung, taitii cure orclairvoyancy, per day 50.00Fcr operating a garage, withprivilege of hire, repairsand supplies, per year 25.00For operating a livery stableor transfer business, for eachtwo-horse ehicle for hire,per yearFor each one-horse vehicle, forhire, per year ,Foi( each two-horse transferw'.agon, per ye4r . . .Forj'each one-horse transferwagon, per year ..... .For operating each two-horsewagon, cart, dray or othervehicle, horse drawn, usedfar business purposes or delivery, per yearFor operating each one-horsewagon, cart, dray or other1 11-1 rL nnmhnitn 1tr11 V . 1n4MMj.. iuc jiuiiiijcia aimn uc uu punes jnot less than 3 inches high of sub-oiai-uai maLei iui u uu ur guivumzeairon or aluminum, of such pattern asshall be approved by the Council. Allnumbers so required to be placed onsaid houses shall be placed in such aposition as that they may be easilyseen from the street. The numberwhich is to be placed on each house bysaid property owners may be obtainedfrom the City Clerk, or other persondesignated by the City Council, andno number except those given by thoCity Clerk, or such other person,. shallhe placed on any house in the City ofParis.Section 2. Any person, firm or cor-Jpnition failing to place upon theirsaid property the numbers required bythis ordinance and of the kind andmaterial called for and in the mannerrequired, on or before the 1st day ofJuly, 1917, shall be fined not less" than$1.00 nor more than $5.00 for each daysaid house cr houses remains unnumbered and no number shall Tie considered as complying with this ordinance unless it is of the kind, character and material as above required andthe number furnished for said houseor houses by the said Clerk, or otherperson as may be designated by theCouncil.J. T. HINTON, Mayor.Attest:J.W. HAYDEN, Clerk.Saleof "College Hilli Place"Tuesday, May 1st, at 2:30 P. M.Every one attending the sale will receive aa chance on 100 POUNDS OF FLOUR andalso 50 POUNDS OF SUGAR.GET RID OF DIRT!3.002.0D5.003.005.09The Health and "Welfare League andthe Civic League begs to remind youthat to-day is one of the days set apartas "Clean-Up" day in the campaignbeing waged for a cleaner and moresanitary Paris. Get busy, if you didget a chance yesterday, and get allthat old rubbish away from your premises. Paint up and clean ap, and makethings brighter for the coming of sureenough spring and summer.fA DISCOUNT OF $10.00will be given on the first lot sold.A DISCOUNT OF $5.00 PER LOT N "will be given on the next twelve lots sold.A DISCOUNT OF $15.00will be given on the sale price of the Bourbon College building.DON'T FORGET THE GUESSING CONTEST!eREVENUE ASSIGNMENTS.Collector Ben Marshall, of the Seventh Internal Revenue District, in hislis't of assignments of storekeepersand guagers for, May, makes th.e follosing for Bourbon county: .No. 77 Julius Kesslep& Co., Paris:Clarence Hough, storekeeper-gaugerin charge; W. T. Sellers, additional.A laborer makes, a bargain for theprice of his pork, but a lawyer sizesup your pile and charges accordingly.ComingAttractionsaFRIDAYWedgewood Novel!IN"The Pulseof Life"Bluebird Feature.PARIS GRAND iD ALAiMrs. Vernon CastleIn the Sixth Episode of: "Patria"SATURDAYMary Pickford, in"THE POORLITTLERICH GIRL"A supreme-feature of tho highestquality, costs four times the amount ooidinary features. Alamo in the afternoon, Opera House at night; Children10c and adults 20c. DAt night the Alamo will have EdithStory and Wm. Duncan in "Aladdinfrom Broadway," Blue Ribbonfeature,Also two big V comedies at oc and 10cHours-Alamo, 2 to 5:30; Paris Grand7 to 1 0s3Q. Admission 5 and 1 0c. 'Tiro orrxn noif 1ror 4-V - . ntiil AVirrrr a nnflfncvw VI -Jii - - iTCi&wu, will, uicijr Ul ULilCI UU YOUr U11U ttuu Uiaigco ftUUiuiiifiif, m mm T1 ifcvi. 1 " r T1 r "MBHBBBBBBHmm.(i jf u..a-tifKIJtpt t'li.fcfcAr2rt- vJI -f-?It ' -" , 1, '" ABk l ' fvv'FRIDAY, APHILi 27 117.--THE BOURBON NEWS, PARIS, KY,PAGEfTOiSOCIAL AND PERSONAL.A MISTAKEN IMPRESSION.iIFOR THE BESTNOTHING ELSESEED CORN.BDone County White, YellowDent, Silage Corn.C. S. BRENT & BRO.(27apr-4t)HAVE YOU MADE YOUR GUESS?Everybody is guessing on the "College Hill Place" lot sale. Make aguess and win that S20.00 some onewill, why not you? - (It)BLUE SERGE SUITS AT $25.Absolutely fast colors and tailoredto the highest standard every sizeand many models.J- w- DAVIS & CO.DimmTTZiiEXIT RUBBISH.,. , ZTT, x . ,,Exit dirt and rubbish to-day! TheGioan-up cuimmu.ee is uu yaur trail.You will have to go. The city cartsand wagons will come araund to dispose of your ugly remains where theyPonnl 'ireapie olwill never bob up againParis, get busy and clean up yourpremises.HARLAN COMPANY HERE.FOR THE BESTnamson county.Thirteen members of the Harlan Mr. and Mrs. J. T. Vance and MissCompany, Kentucky State Guard, are Anna McDougall, of Hamilton Colquartered at the military headquar- lege, Lexington, were guests severalters in the Bourbon County Court days this week of Mrs. Mayme Renvhouse. Thev were under command of ington Parrish. on Houston avenue.a lieutenantParis has become, under the milita-ry situation, a kind of distributingpoint for the soldiers who are doingguard duty "somewhere in Kentucky,"especially in this vicinity.READ EVERY PAGE.Don't miss a page of THE NEWSThere's good reading on every page.The necessities of advertising servicecompels tplacing of local items throughout all eight .pages, so don't fail toread every page.It is a mistaken impression in theminds of some people that all the localnews items are to be found onthe two inside pages. One page ias good as another with a first-classpaper like THE NEWS. Look throughits pages and you will see.PAY YOUR CITY LICENSE- lThe Council last night fixedall City Licenses for the ensuingyear. Call on the City Collector promptly and pay yours.3They are dus May 1, 1917. SeeOrdinance in another column.K. OF P. INSPECTION.Members of the A. J. Lovely Company, Uniform Rank, Kn'ghts of Pythias, will go to Cynthiana, next Mon- the effect that their captain, Captaindan night for inspection and installa- Otto Holstein, who has been very illtion of newlv-elected officers. At a in the military hospital at that placemeeting held at their Castle Hall last since his return from the border, isnight the necessary arrangements P?nB ::t I1 j1 flis expected hectA n11 De aDle to leave the hospital bvwere perfected. the end of A iLThe regular meeting of Rathbone Mr Dennis V. Snapp, of the KenLodge was held at eight o'clock, last tuckian-Citizen, returned yesterdaynight, when the Page Rank was confer- from Pleasureville, where he had beenred on a number of candidates by the attending the meeting of the Shelby-crack Degree Team of the lodgeASK FOR DEMONSTRATION.Ask for a demonstration of the Oakland Six, the sensible car. The priceand performances of this car most satisfactory. Ask the man whoone.DICKERSON & DOUGLAS GARAGE,27-2t) Fourth and High, Paris, Ky.TOURING STATE FOR RECRUITSBoatswain Mate N. D. Wilhoit and. , , j -n -i .Yeomen Nicholson and Pank, fromthe UnitedStates Naval RecruitingStation at Cincinnati, were in ParisWednesday and part of yesterday, distributing literature and interviewing future.applicants ' for the naval service Mr. William W. Hinton, of nearNone was enlisted from here, but the ris received informatlan to the. , . . , niinn,.. ,, effect that his nephew, Mr. James vofficials had several promising pros- who faas een seriously m ofPects- pneumonia at the United States Hos-The officers left Cincinnati, Tuesday, pit:ilf in Philadelphia, was slightly irafor a tour of the State in the canvass proved yesterday. Mr. Hinton, who isto enlist 800 recruits for the naval ser- a member of the United States Marinevice Thev will spend a considerable service, stationed in Hayti, is a grandpart of their time in Central Kentucky son of the late Mr. .Tames Hinton, o'i ui uicu uiuc ..,. oot, rear Paris. His mother, Mrs. Georgtowns, but will make an active can- . resides Jn CIncinnatLvass of the whole State. ( -Ir. and Mrs. James T. Kiser hadas their guests Sunday, Mrs. RobertMAKE A GUESS. Stollworthy, of Cincinnati; Mr. and" Mrs. C. B Ardery and son, Mr. andOn the Bourbon College apartment Mrs w s willett, of Lexington; Mr.house sale: and Mrs. E. L. Davis and son, of CynPcrscn guessing nearest sale price tiliVLJUi; Mr. Aquilla Willett, Mrs. Idaof apartment house, $10.00. . y Snyder, of Paris, Mr. Ernest KiserPerson guessing nearest to sale priceof hiehest nriced lot. S5.00.Person guessing nearest to saleprice of lowest priced lot. $5.00.AH guesses must be left at Will S.Arnsparger's office by 6 p. m. MondayApril 30th. 'All contestants must be present attime vjf sale. (It)CONTRACTS LET FORTHE KRESS BUILDING.Mr. S. Fred McCormick, of the Mc-Cormick Lumber Oh. of Lexington-.!,- t-.. ., -, rnr. ovonHnn nfwo nave uie uuiiu.. i v,i.ov, - jthe Kress Company's building at the;corner of Main and Sixth streets, wasin Paris, Tuesday, and sublet the fol-,lowing contracts: January & Connell.tin, galvanized iron, skylight androoGng; Woods Bros., foundations,Kane Bros., painting; John Merringer,Plumbing. Other sub-contracts will belet later on. . AThe building will be occupied as afive and ten cent store by the Kresspeople. They will operate a restaur-ant on the second floor. The esti-mated cost of the building is $25,000Comings and Goings of OurPeople Here, There andElsewhere.Mrs. J. L. Horton. Of npnr Pnria ileft vesterdav frr ninMnn,,: . t.llnr mnn " r: r ... l -treatment at the Dr. Holmes Hospital Was givon out in order to Prevent anyMrs. Louis Taylor, of near Paris, is P055016 information regarding theat the Massie Memorial Hospital, 'for navy &etting into wrong hands,a two-weeks' stay to take the rezt No restrictions has ever been placCUIfxf m,. ed on xhe enHsted. men in this par-lvilSQPrSirofiS?rnS-11 , Tadlock an ticular. according to a letter receivedbeth IrowJ $LYZUlT f"ta- yesterday by THE NEWS from LieuXtittlTweefc !8,ted We nds in Cincin- tenant R. S. Robertson, Jr., officerMr. W. S. Dale. Jr.. an fti m charSe of the Lexington recruitinghave returned from RAVo,i :visit to his parents, Mr. and Mrs Ws. Dale, in Cynthiana.a several days'-Attorney Oscar T. Hinton, of Parisfit n vrDuncan Tay!or' of Los Ange-week Ton legal businessMr James Saunrtprq nfParis, 'was operated on at the Ma?sie Memorial Hospital, WednesdayHis conditIon is not serious.t Mrs. Mary C. Glover, of Mt. Ster-lin& ana Mr. Frank C. Kegens, of Del-aan, Wis., were guests this week ofn. uuu iura. v. u. uraig, near Paris,Mr. and Mrs.Carroll Linlev and ,family have moved from their farm inBourbon county to Cynthiana, and areoccupying the Lafferty flat on Main,;root tviof ;,Rev. and Mrs. J. Taylor Sharrardhave returned from a visit to Mrs.Margaret Griffith and Mr. H. F. Griffith,at Silver Lake" npnr TOrnnrfwoll In 1. 1 UUITW1, litMr. John Trabue, formerly of Rud-dies Mills, who has been living in Ar-iKansas, is visiting nTs sister, MissEllen Trabue, near Ruddles Mills, af-ter an absence of nearly fifteen years j'Mrs. Robert H. Winn, of Mt. Ster-jr"z " j JUI es&ie lurney, otrans, nas oeen elected vice-chairmanof the newly organized MnntfnmonrChapter of the American Red Cross atIt:- erling-T,e Workers' Conference of theChristian church will be held nextWednesday night, following the regu-Jar prayer-meeting services. All theteachers and workers are urged to bel)resent.Mrs. Luther Rice, who underwent?P operation at the Massie MemorialHospital some time ago for appendi-c,tls' i convalescing, and will0011 e able to return to her homet UGH." ranSiThe State Convention of the Christian Endeavor Societies will be held inLouisville next week. Mr. RobertRose will go from Paris as delegatefrom the Endeavor Society of theChristian church.Among those who attended thefuneral of Mrs. Mary Smiser, at Cynthiana were Mrs. Pugh Lovely, formerly of Paris, Mr. and Mrs. A. P.Adair, Mrs. John Jameson and Mr.Jos. H. Ewalt, of Paris.Members of the Signal Cor,os, onduty "somewhere in this city" have received information from Ft. Thomas toville district conference of the EpworthLeague Conference of the Methodistchurch, of which he is secretary. OnWednesday afternoon Mr. Snapp addressed the League on the subject of"A Call to the Best"Engineer Teddy Shrock, of theLouisville & Nashville, who was se-Bowns verely injured in a wreck at Winchester some time ago, and who has beena patient at the Massie Memorial Hospital, in this city, since, is making satisfactory progress toward recovery.Mrs. Lynn Lail and little daughter, Lucille, who have been guests of7? i?,is & S?!? vlw!"aia, for several weeics has returned tontr.,t -,T:pf tn ,-nin ATr T:, wln iQengage(i n business ther. Tiiey wereaccompanied by Mrs. .Nettie Lail, otParis, who uill reside with them in theand nsses Jennie Lou .md ElizabethKiser. Mr. and Mrs. W. S. Willettwill remain for a short visit before returning to their home in Lexington.(Other Personals on Page 3.)NO DUST, NO DIRT, SANITARY' When vou buy fruits and vegetablesfrom us you have the assurance thatthey are clean. Nothing displayed out-side 0f store. Our place is free fromdust, flies, etc. Everything kept in asanitary, clean manner.MARGOLEN'S SANITARY MEATMARKET.DR. GANFIELD COMING.Rey Dr w Ganfield, presidentof Central University at Danville, wil'preach at the moming service for thecongregation of the Presbyterianchurch at the court house at 10 IKJSto2S tohe"meeting of the Young Peoples SocletiegKrf christian Endeavor at the courthouse at 6:3o p. m., and at 7:30 willpreach at the Methodist church to aUI1icm meeting of the congregations o:Methodist and Presbyterian churchesIn some unaccountable way the impression has gone forth that the menwho have enlisted in the naval branchof the United' States service will notoe permitted to write home. It has.., .wu siaiea ysome that this orderstation, who states that themen, es-Pecially the younger men, are encouraged to write home as often as thejtheyPlease, and in fact, are requested bythe recruiting officer personally, whenY toke their ath' t0 Write hom5often.DIfferent members of THE NEWSstaf have received postcards fromsome cf tne Paris oys who recentlrenliste - 1 and who are now at the Nor-folk navy yard. Just who started thereport and how it started THE NEWSdnpq nnf InvaxvTt hn npvor to- otiv., ,i . ... ,,,T f mi h Pper wnicna? at.all times encouraged the en-"simen oi young men in the navy andlias frirnn siwpp in iha Maw Tnnayt-ment's t-jlletins for that purpose,-. - .FOR SALENew auto truck. Never been used.A bargain for cash. Call Home Telephone 141. (24-2t)MMMMMMM1Mt"j TV I r O 1rODP KirVPlft rftlf SfllP" --j V1 "-v.One second-hand bicycle, good asnew. Morrow hrakp. vpA sine-ip thPtires, rubber grips and rubber paddles, mud guards and good spring seat.Apply toJ. BLVOVB,or Call Home Phone 360.(27-3t)WANTEDTo buy, sell of exchange secondhand furniture, coal and gas cookingor heating stoves, refrigerators. Mustbe in good condition.PARIS FURNITURE EXCHANGE,611-615 Main St, Phone, 360,(27-apr-3t) Paris, Ky.OSCAR T. HINTONVICTOR A. BRADLEYand J. CRAIG BRADLEYannounce that they have formeda partnership for the generalpractice of law and equity, underthe firm name ofHinton, Bradley andBradley,with office in the Bourbon-AgriculturalBank & Trust Co.Building, Paris, Ky.BrightenUp.America!1Sherwin-ViluamsPAINTS 6- VARNISHESThrough the deadly agent,decay, weather destroys morebuildings than fire. Once yourhouse is properly painted it isinsured against decay just asimportant as insurance againstfire. Paint, to serve its realpurpose, must protect a. pleasing effect is only a by-product.Buy your house paint withthis though tin mind, then youwill think about quality as wellas color. Shenvin -WilliamsPaint will issue a policy ofSherwin-Williams Protectionreal and lasting.We're agents.DaughertyBros.Fifth and Main Sis. Paris, KentuckyFRANKTHEM-Special ReductionsSILK DRESSES50 Dresses That Sold For $20 EachCash Price Now$16.75 EACHReductions For CashWool Suits and CoatsCome In and Examine These Specials!Remember Reductions Are ForCASH ONLYFRANKAnnouncement!We wish to inform the public in general thatwe have accepted the agency for theKelley Carpet Cleaning Co.of Lexington, Ky.and will be glad to have our truck call for all rugs andcarpets that any one may wish to have cleaned and dyed,and will see that they are delivered to the Kelly Company and returned to the owner in the least possible time.Phone Your Wants to No. 36and we will "attend to your requirements immediately, atsame price that you would be charged by the KelleyCompany.THE J. THIN TON CO.MOTOR HEARSE-EITHCRPHfcNE55 36& COMPANYRELIABLE STOREONon& COMPANYMOTOR INVALID COACHSIXTH AND MAIN STS.ii, jf't51!2"1bfoHUNDERTAKING' -2tHjit i,7IiTHE BOURBON NEWS, PARIS, KY?FRIDAY. APRIL 27, 117V& .IL'fPI.u."if!41 5JJ&Fair Lift Priced'fftlTfTfiSSSEFair TreatmentFord Car Tiresof Heroic SizeGOODRICH37S '3AM7tf5;375BLACK SAFETY TREAD TIRESrTTRTJ Crtvr firtllntlire mnrlHfvl mnW1 of great power and fame1 HEROES it made them greaterthan ordinary size HEROICSIZE.Just so when the B. F. Goodrich RubberCompany modeled a SUPER-TIRE to meetthe needs of light cars, it made that Tire ofHEROIC SIZE. And behold theGoodrichThree-Seventy-Five"This burly tire, built to fit 30 -inch rims onFord cars, is one inch larger on the circumference than ordinary Ford car Tires, withfull three and seventy-five hundredthsinches in cross section.It is burlier with extra rubber,extra fabric and extra service,a SUPER-TIRE of SUPERSTRENGTH and SUPER-LIFE.It costs so little more than an ordinaryTire, that its outset cost vanishes with itsultimate economy and the greater pleasure ofa mora stylish and more efficient Ford car.Treat yourself to greater enjoyment ofmotoring and your Ford car to greaterlife in reduced vibration, by gettingGoodrich's "THREE-SEVENTY-FIVES" ofraw Tjwi See This Sim I l(Weidds-nrwer-stociSd your dealer.mUmM Km jj: mB$ At mm-i&&a i rc- & a v. vtugmmWWm few- ui mmHUH ts hi' 1tMlii m iPfpA illImmWi Wmi. $ Y37H rvfeav fib: fmKlEESfPBl fkl5i I Iv" wminmmj. i?j timtaSkixm COS(VftX3k I ITT? VV I 'V,f : .W.Z. - ."..J"V. .sISC4VAm mnrp mpnpv mal-p ?9 '!V? 'NEW DAILY MAKESFAVORABLE IMPRESSIONtMvVLiZzAi m r rMORE .ys.vhusky Tires at little $ 3 .-cm-SJ! WJ9 MKV Jl "v . K wwt t i!MtWW T T7 ViC j u lrSf a DELUXE FORD h) --M9 B" F Goodrich M M CAR Price each- ( Wlr2i ro 010 a l'l 375(3ix3 $18,95 iy- 7J Outwears leather-comfortable-dressy-water-proofThe first issue of the WinchesterDaily Democrat, under the editorialand business guidance of Mr. CharlesB. Nelso,n, made its initial bow to thereading public of Winchester and vicinity Monday. The paper is mostexcellently gotten up, and is full ofgood things from first to last.The reportorial worlc is in charge ofMr. George M. Kiser, formerly of THEBOURBON NEWS, and lately connected with the Winchester Sun, assistedby a corps of competent newspaperpeople. Regular contributors to thenew publication in the future will beMrs. Dollie L. Nelson, Misses MaryAmis, Beula Thompson, CatherineNenan and Mrs. H. R. Cook.The new daily gives every indication of being a success from the veryfirst edition. Winchester, always ahustling city, can well afford to support two good daily ,papers. Thegrowing importance of the city withreference to its close proximity tothe new oil and mineral fields, willfurnish the enterprising newsmen ofthat city plenty of material.The Democrat pays the followinghandsome compliment to Mr. GeorgeM. Kiser, who will nominally fill theposition of news and city editor ofthe new publication:"George M. Kiser, who until recently was connected with the reportorial staff of the Winchester Sun,having tendered his resignation withthat paper on April 1, has accepted aiposition with the Winchester DailyDemocrat, assuming his duties withthis issue of the paper."Mr. Kiser has had many years ofexperience in newspaper work. Heknows news and how to write it, andhe has won the confidence and friendship of the people by his fair dealing,his accuracy in reporting the news,nnrT bit: p-pnt.lnmnnlv and courteousmanners. !"He has just declined flattering goffers from the McAllister, Okla.,5News-Capital and from Shelton M. jSaufley, who proposes to start a daily I qpaper in Richmond. j"Kiser is gifted with a limitless en-,ergy. When he gets on the track of Jan item, he never "lays down' untilhe gets the whole dope, and gets itright and in detail. He writes theinews for its news value, and never permits his personal feelings to affectthe news columns of tbe paper he.represents. Even if he ilid, it wouldbe no injury, for everybody likes Geo.Kiser and George likes everybody."The Daily Democrat is fortunatein securing the services of Mr. Kiser.who is one of the best writers andnewsgathers in the State.'Everybody Knows HendricksTelephone 2585 Lexington, Ky.All Metal(Higgihs Mfg. Co.)Window ScreensWeather StripsWALGER AWNINGSBest Screen Doors and Windows InThe World.Window and Door Equipments.T. A. HENDRICKSLEXINGTON, KY,04mAutomobile Hearse or Ambulance!I desire to announce to our friends that I can, wheredesired, furnish an automobile hearse or ambulance. Thismethod of transpertation is especially desired on long trips,the same being made in better time, and at no advance incost over the horse-drawn conveyance.GEO. W. DAVIS, Funeral Director.BOY OF GREAT PROMISE.Sunday's Enquirer prints a finelialf-tono picture of Fred- Merrimee,Special AttentionIs Called To Our Pretty Display OfSUMMER DRY GOODS,DRESS GOODS, SILKS,LADIES' SUITS, SILK SUITS,SILK SKIRTS, COATS, WAISTS.Handsome Display ofLADIES', MISSES' AND CHILDREN'STRIMMED HATSWE GIVE BLSJE STAMPS. Call in. We are pleasedto show you. We are reasonable in price, and wili saveyou on your purchases.Cin Bros Department StoreShjcmI) ana main . Paris, Kentuckyim5:iFORMER SENATOR CAMDENTO RAISE BIG FOOD CROPS.VERSAILLES, KY., Ar.ril 26. Fornier United States Senator J. N. Camden is going to do his full part in thegrowing of food this year at SpringHill Farm. He is putting in twentylive acres of potatoes and an acre ofonion sets, and is planting a seed bedto obtain plants to set two aces ofv inter cabbage. He expects to plantat least ten acres of navy beans andI robably some buckwheat. He will also Igrow a large crop of corn. I"Corn is a vital crop." said Seuator,Camden, "and with a fair yield wili jrring 80 to $90 per acre, perhaps,much more. Cabbage, raised in 'lexasfor shipment, yields ten tons to theacre and has been selling at $120 perton or $1,200 per acre. Onion sets,with a good season, will make 100bushels to the acre and are now sell-Hemstitching !We are now prepared to dothe finest kind ofHemstitching and Picot;Edge Workon all kinds of material. Specialattention given to mail orders.Special Demonstrator FromCincinnati, Ohio.All work and prices guaranteed-satisfactory.You Don't Have toStoopson of Mr. and Mrs. W. T. Merrimee. E at ?7 per Dusnei, oi i,uu pifanned of Paris, who has made acre- K?le isf ""JjS af' !?pJeJ?l ?S', , ,t Dound1 I am told of a farmer who cutQuite a reputation as a jockey. The goOO worth of kale from five acrescut is accompanied by the following geed cost him atout $15. Undersketch: favorable conditions turnips will yield"Horr-omen say that Fred Merrimee. F' bus,!l.els per e dnd they USUallson of w. T Mexximee. L. and N. f Lexingtonpatcher at Paris, Ky., is one of thefrms are engaging the coming seacoming riders of America. The boy j sons yieid 0f potatoes at $2 per bushel,in 16 years of age and rides at 98 With intelligent cultivation and goodpounds. He won his first race at New. land 400 bushels of potatoes can beOrlpnn? in mis Mo hoc nMrinn momr imiRPri ta the acre SS00 Der acre. It. - v... .WAS. -. J A iUUil UlUUjr -ww ww .winners since then.'He began exercising horses foru7iTinm iiiwill be seen that the pecuniary rev ards of such crops as these will be ijireat. But that is not tne most 1mIf You Use aTheSINGER SEWINGMACHINE STORE'C Tnn. Phone 931 Home Phone 41827 MAIN ST., PARIS, KY.Mrs. Blanche VimoniHEMSTITCHINGAND PICOT508 Main Street(Nftxt t Mrs. Mamfe farter's)GarlandCabinetRangeiAmos Turney, of Paris, Ky., in March,! portent part of it. The farmer who1 1914. went with his horses to Wash- ?n consider the present .situation ofington ,d through Canad, and "1 hifntmocland m the summer of 1914; rode for ,remedy it, must be lost both to all feelj Mr. F. J. Pons in the fall of 1914, jings of patriptism and of humanityj and has since been with that stable. The call which comes to the farmerI He has 35 winning mounts to his 'now should appeal to him as beingcredit. Mr. O. E. Pons has charge of noble, as inspiring and as imperative3JttI .1,the horses since the death of F. J.J Pons. He has been living in Paris 13years. ' (Young Merrimee has been in Lexington for several days, coming thereto settle some trouble he is involvedin about the question of contract. Hewill not ride at the Lexington meeting but will return as soon as thetrouble is properly adjusted.at to the call to arms. I hope that alliwho sow and reap this year may doit in such a spirit."A beautiful line of Garlands on dlsplay. Come In and look them over.Paris Gas & Electric Co.(Incorporated)HOW'S THIS?We offer One Hundred Dollars Reward for any case of Catarrh that cannot be cured by Hall's Catarrh Medicine. Hall's Catarrah Medicine has beentaken by catarrh sufferers for the pastthrity-five years, and has becomeknown as the most reliable remedyfor Catarrh. Hall's Catarrh Medicineacts through the Blood and Mucoussurfaces, expelling the Poison fromthe Blood and healing the diseasedportions.After you have taken Hall's CatarrhMedicine for a short time you will seea great improvement in your generalhealth. Start taking Hall's CatarrhMedicine at once and get rid of catarrh. Send for testimonials, free.F, J. CHENEY & CO., Toledo, O.(april-adv)WON'T TAKE UPTEDDY'S PROPOSITIONWASHINGTON, April 2H TheodoreRoosevelt will not receive authorization from the War Department ,toraise an army division for serviceagainst Germany -on the French, fighting front. He has been notified tothat effect by Newton D. Baker, Secroiary of War.It is understood that Mr. Rooseveltmay appeal personally to PresidentWiison for the authorization deniedhim by Secretary Baker, but it wasdeclared that Mr. Baker's action onthe Roosevelt request was not untilMr Baker had discussed the questionvith the President. It was declaredpitively that Mr. Baker's messagat( Mr. Roosevelt denying the desiredauthorization reflected Mr. Wilson'sopinion and that the President, in theevent of Mr. Roosevelt appealing tohim, would be certain" to sustain Mr.BakerThe President's objection- to permitting Mr. Roosevelt to go to France,or any other section of the Europeanwar zone at the head of a division oftroopers, is said to be based upon thenontoTiHon that such a permissionwould be in effect a recognition of the IWomen AreBusinesslikeStatistics show that the number of women depositors is rapidly increasing.We realize that women today are a big figure in thebusiness world.We pay special attention totheir accounts.Courteous tellers and clerkswill gladly explain anythingwomen want to know in thebanking line.m 111 if1-.Farmers' & Traders' BankF. P. KISER, President JNO. J. M.CLINTOCK. CashierWM. GRIMES. Bookkeeper.Sixth and Main Streets Paris. KyProfessional Cards.Bourbon Building &Loan AssociationFIRST NAT'L BANK BUILDINGIN REAR OF BANKEntrance on Fourth StreetDR. WM. KENNEYEye, Ear, Nose and Throat.ROOMS 403-404.FIRST NAT'L BANK BUILDING.PHONE 136.WM, GRANNANAttorneyatLawROOMS 401-402.FIRST NAT'L BANK BUILDING0BOFOneDropBourbon Poultry Remedydoira cMefci windpipe fYTJfTCdrinking water cures 3 A PK'QTidnravents white X &AJdiarrhoea, cholera and other chiclediseases. One 50-cent bottle makes12 gallons of medicine. At draggists or by mall postpaid. Valuable poultry- book free on request.HWHI KKIT CI,. lezlaftM, ft.Mr.FarmerThis is the time of yearto give stock a tonic. Isell the bestSalvetStock and PoultryTonic.W. C. D0DS0Nr- 4't;'volunteer system.AMtIL 27, lilt1 NrHemp Seed For Sale.Good cultivated hemp seed for sale.611 or -writeSTANHOPE WIEDEMANN,,(10-tf) Route 8, Paris, Ky.Master's SaleWanted.CLEAR YOUR SKIN IN -SPRING.One hundred barrels of corn. CallI. D. THOMPSON,Cumb. Phone 628,(10-tf) Paris, Ky.! Spring house cleaning means cleanBOURBON CIRCUIT COURT.8d. Emerson, PlaintiffVs. Notice of Sale. !Charles Moore DefendantUnder and by virtue of a judgmentand order of sale rendered at theMarch term, 1917, of the Bourbon Circuit Court in the above styled actiontherein pending, the undersigned Master Commissioner onSaturday, May 5, 1917,at the front door of the Court House,in Taris, Kentucky, at about the hourof 11 o'clock a. m., will sell at nubli"?uction to the highest and best bidder, the following described .propertyThe north half of that certain tractof land, situated in Bourbon County,on the Paris & Clintonville Turnpikeand ";hich. said tract of land was conveyed by Simon Frazier to Minerva Dillowaj, January 3, 1876, deed to whichis lecorded in Bourbon County Clerk'soffice in Deed Book 61, page 289, theraid north half thereof being 471 feet indepth, measuring from the center ofthe pike; 55 feet 24 inches in widthon the west end and 41 feet in widthen the east end, the said north half ofsaid property having been conveyed tothe defendant, Charles Moore, September 7, 1911, by Walter Biddle, MaryFuller and Theodore Fuller, her hushand, by deed recorded in Deed Book99 page 198, Bourbon County Clerk'sofiice.Said sale will be made upon thecredits of six and twelve months, thepurchaser or purchasers being required to execute their two bonds with satisfactory surety, for equal iparts of thepurchase price, due six and twelvemonhs from date of sale respectively,and bearing interest at the rate of sixper cent from date until paid, saidbonds to have the force and effect ofjudgments, with privilege to the purchaser to pay cash and avoid interest.Faid sale is made for the purpose ofsatisfying the adjudged liens in favorof plaintiffs, estimated on the date ofsale at $177.00.O. T. HINTON,Taster Commissioner Bourbon CircuitCourt.2il. F. Kenney, Auctioneer.(apr20-27-25 may4)AIns inside and niit. -null nimnlv stirfn i STOCK. CROP. ETC.is an1 aftermath of winter inactivity J "iFlush your intestines with a mild ?laxative and clean out the accumulate KiC I , 1 XI o i eHnJ rt; K?7 JV fL nM bout a Percheron work mare fromSelected Nursery Stock. 52? SSK 5 Whits- ofyour eye. Try Dr. King's New Life' TQVtVi,1c, t f -o i.Tmi 4- i t-i. i ,. , o.i i Reynolds Letton, of Bourbon22. lTng Tn lQ Si"g coun bSht an era good 4-year-oldgish winter shell. At druggists 2oo. draft mare from Emm, Hei (april-adv) '?50()J. W. Young, of North Middletown,I am local representative of the National Nurseries of Rochester, N. Y.a line assortment of flowering shrubs,land general nursery stock to select.from. Now is the time to make yourselection. Stock and prices guaranteed. . do-tf) miss julia McCarthyMaster's Sale!BOURBON CIRCUIT COURT.Samuel Taylor, Etc PlaintiffsVs. Notice of Sale.Lucinda Turney, Etc., Defendantsi Under and by virtue of a judgmentand order of sale rendered at theMarch, 1917 term of the Bourbon Circuit Court in the above styled actiontherein pending, the undersigned Master Commissioner, onSaturday, May 5, 1917,at the front door of the Court Housein Paris, Kentucky, about the hour of11 o'clock, a. m., will sell at public auction to the highest and best bidder,the following described property:That certain house and lot of groundsituated on the southeast corner ofNinth and Pleasant Streets, in Millersburg, Bourbon County, Kentucky,immediately in the rear of the FemaleCollege building, bounded on the westby Pleasant Street and running eastbetween Ninth street and the propertytof Jane Reed to East Back street, being the same property conveyed toCharles Turney by J. R. Best, &c, bydeed of date February 12, 1898, of record in the office of the Clerk of theBourbon County Court, in Deed Book80, page 326.! Said sale will be made upon thecredits of six and twelve months, thepurchaser or purchasers being required to execute their two bonds for equalparts of the purchase money, with satisfactory surety, due six and twelvamonths from date of sale respectively,and bearing interest at the rate -of sixper cent, per annum from date ofsale until paid, said bonds to havethe force and effect of judgments.I Said sale is made for the purpose ofdivision among the parties in interestI O. T. HINTON,Master Commissioner Bourbon CircuitCourt(aprill3-20-27-may25)The reason a woman is a woman is , J. vv' X"U1' UL 1NOr u MiaQieiown-because even when she is rioting in D0Usnt a nice bay saddle mare fromthe bread line she will stop long Ben Hart in Montgomery county, last, nccft 1U1 ?60V.Mr. Clifton Dalzell, of North Mid-enough to smile into the camera.WAITDemon-Wait for the Hurron Car.tration by appointment.J. R. BOOTH, Agent,(24-4t) Carlisle, Ky.Removal Notice,Administratrix's SaleBourbon College ApartmentHouseAND IS BUILDING LOTSto settle the estate of Clifton Arnsparger.As agent of Mrs. Ruby D. Arnsparger, Administratrix, I will sell to thehighest bidder atPublic AuctionTuesday, May 1,1917beginning at 2:30 p. m., and continuing until all are sold.No. 1 Bourbon College Apartment house, containing 31 rooms, nowrenting for about 100.00 per month; modern conveniences consists of steamheating plant, natural gas, electric lights, sewer; large stable and outbuildings; 1.58 acres of ground facing Pine Crest Avenue and fronting307 feet on Short Street This property is well located, being close tobusiness part of city, Street Car, Railroad Station, Schools and Churches.LOTS.No. 2 Is a large lot on Second Street adjoining M. J. Murphy, andcontaining about two acres of ground and suitable to sub-divide. Chancefor speculation.No. 3 Lot on the South side of Pine Crest Avenue 50x156 feetjj0 4 Lot on the south side of Pme Crest Avenue, 40x166.56 feet onCi press StreetNo. 5 Lot on north side of Pine Crest Avenue, 35 feet back to ShortStreet20 g 11 lots on the north side of Pine Crest Avenue, each 50 feethack to Short StreetNo. 12 Lot on Pine Crest Avenue, S. S., 47.7x125.5.No. 13 Lot on south side of Pine Crest Avenue, 36x117.7.No. 14 Lot on Pine Crest Avenue, 28 feet front, back to Short Street,0 feet wide in rear.jf0 is Lot on Pine Crest and Cypress, 55 feet front, triangle.No. 16 Is a vacant lot on Brent Street 63x126.3, narrow in the rear, andis in the rear of Alfred Buckler's residence.No. 17 3 vacant lots on the east side o North Clifton Avenue, eachf.(i by about 175 feet to Railroad.Building lots in Paris, Ky., are in demand and you cannot make amistake to purchase one or more of the abo e lots and improve them.NOTE The Second Street lot, yorth Clifton and Brent Street lots willbe sold in front of Bourbon College Apartment House, immediately afterthat sale. . j.VALUABLE PRIZES FREEA list of which will be announced later. The public is most cordiallyinvited to attend. , . .j , .j,.JLIBERAL TERMS.For further Information, call on Will S. Arnsparger, First NationalEank building, Fourth Street, Paris, Ky., wha will take pleasure in showing any of this property. ..-' C. E. NOBMAN, Agent,1f W. Short, Street,r Lexington, Ky.HARRIS SPEAKB8 Auctioneer!. ... Tlcphont,l7dletown, purchased this -week of Mr.D. S. Hamilton, of Winchester, fortvbead of 700-lb. cattle at $0.00 per nun-idred.Clarence Laughlin, of near Plum,sold a general purpose horse to a Mr.Deering, for $100. R. C. Palmeter, ofthe same neighborhood, fold a horsefor $90.Judge Kenton, of Mt. Olivet, soldto Smith & Turney, of Cynthiana, 6head of mules for a Lutal of S750Dr. J. A. Gilkey has moved his offices For the best mule in the lot the Judgefrom his former location in the Paton received $200.Building over Mrs. Mayme Parker'sstore to Rooms 306-307 and1 308 in the Mr. Henry V. Thompson, of WinFirst National Bank Building at the' Chester, sold sixty head of heavy cat-Cf23t?f Main and FUrUl StreetS' !tle in cincinnati- recently at $11.50per hundred. These cattle were fatand tipped the scales at 1.340 pounds.on an average. j.ur. rnompson recently sold a carload ot fat hogs inMillersburg at $15.25.I Mr. J. Hedges Rash sold this weekto Mr. W. A. Thomason, of near NorthMiddletown, three loads of hogs at$15.00. One car load will be shippedSaturday, the second will go forwardin thirty days, and the third load willbe shipped in June. Mr. Rash also.sold a shorthorn bull to Mr. Ed.I Thomas for $75.I Mr. D. Nim McCullough, of Atlanta, Georgia, one of she foremosthorsemen in the South, formerly Secretary of the Atlanta Horse Show,and an all-round enthusiast, was avisitor to the stock farms of the BlueGrass last week. He :uakes a number of these visits each Leason. Justnow he has a particularly f ne horse intraining with the McCray Bros., atNorth Middletown, "Shadow Lawn,"one of the most successful three-gait-ed horses shown during the past sea-, son. Mr. McCullough spent some timein this county, part of it with theMcCray Bros.McCray Bros., of North Middletown, this county, are fitting up asplendid stable of saddle and harnesshorses which they will show this season. Among the list are ShadowLawn, owned by D. Nim McCullough.of New York, and shown by themvery successfully last season; thethree-year-old colt, Highland Choice,their own property, which was shown,nineteen times the past reason in saddle and harness rings ana never losta tie; Ailse Page, one of the most successful saddle mares in the State; thechestnut mare, Nicklette by KingChieftain; Satsuma, her stable mate;Donald McDonald, a fine chestnutgelding, owned by Thomas Cross, andLiberty Queen, a fine three-gaitedmare by Bourbon King.FOR SALEOne No. 1 good delivery horse andcovered top wagon.WM. SAUER.Wanted to BuySecond hand furniture, old carpets,rugs and feathers. Let us turn yourold discarded household effects intoCASH lor you.FUYERS AND SELLERS EXCHANGEBroadway, Paris, Ky.Jumb. Phone 690 and 793.(24-2t-pd)Removal Notice.I mia. vjului wuiuiugt; iius muvcu iiermillinery stock from her home on Mr.Airy Avenue to Main street, dirctlyopposite the court house, for the remainder of the season. All ipersons desiring summer millinery at moderate'.prices are requested to call and seeher stoclr.24-2t)Notice Clean Out DayPARIS, KY., April 24, 1917.Nature has gathered unto her selfthe freshness of spring. Let it not bejivarred by filthy accumulations of anyKina wnatever. uo mio garret, cellar, vacant lot, stable and yard, andif objectionable material is found, remove it. Some pride, a little laborresult, a city healthful and beautifulthat's the idea.Put on screens; keep out the fliesand should one get within doors, swatit. Let's have the cleanest city in. If rm Hi n!i v hv fho firct rf ATnvA. H. KELLER,(24-2t) City Health Officer.For Sale"GOT YOUR DATES MIXED?"One set of dining room furniture, infirst-class condition. Call HomePhone 96, Paris.FOR RENT.Three unfurnished rooms at No. 733Walker avenue. Hot and cold waterand other conveniences. Call HomePhone 339. (jan30-tf)The Farmers' Home Journal, published at Louisville, says, in its issuej of last week:I ' Mike Murray, Millersburg, Ky., soldFom yearling Hereford cattle lastweek to a Texas dealer, which ran his! sales up to $43,000 in he last twoj3onrs, which shows what Callowaycounty grass and corn can do."j Since when was Millersburg trans-feired to Calloway couuiy?!SPRAINS AND STRAINS RELIEVEDFor Rent.Nice ground floor room in residenceon Pleasant street, near Tenth, convenient to L. & N. station and postoffice. Only desirable roomer wantedGas, bath, etc. Call this office.LOST.A silver horseshoe pin, "somewherein Paris." Finder will be rewarded byreturning same to this office.(6-tf.For Rent.Nice cottage on Winchester street,Just across L. & N. tracks. Conveniently located.FIRST NATIONAL BANK.(3-tf)Sloan's Liniment quickly takes thepain out of strains, sprains, bruisesnd all muscle soreness. A clean, cleariquid easily applied, it quickly pene-rates without rubbing. Sloan's Lini-nent does not skin or clog the poresike mussy plasters or ointments.for chronic rheumatic aches and pains.neuralgia, gout and lumbago have thiswell-known remedy handy. For thepains of grippe and following strenuous work, it gives quick relief. At alldruggists, 25c.(april-adv)CONTINUE OFFENSIVE.For RentThree nice rooms, with electric.lights and gas. Call at115 DUNCAN AVENUE.(3-tf)LONDON, April 26. While continuing to deliver hard blows upon the.German lines in the Scrape River region, east of Arras, where their offensivo wns rpcjnmed Mondav. the Britlnl. ln w. r.1. 1 lxmr . tfillivifv 4-Vl.rtiu uu-vt; puaiieti iiuuxc a. icuiug uuudiin another sector of the great battlefield. Srriking south of the Bapaume-Cam-brairoad, Gen. Haig's forces gainedground last night along a wide front.Of greatest moment, however, was thesuccess of the drive in reaching theimportant waterway between St. Quentin and Cambrai, the St. QuentinCanal.Notice To the Public!I will pay this season the Highestprices that have ever been known inParis for horse hides, beef bides,n'eqp pelts and furs.I will also pay the highest marketprice for Rags and Paper. I will sendafter it any place in the city. Calltry Cumberland phone 374. Office onEighth Street(20-oct-lyr) MAX MUNICH.SAFE MEDICINE FOR CHILDREN."Is it safe?" is the first question tobe considered when buying coughmedicine for children. Chamberlain'sCough Remedy has long been a favorite with mothers of young children asit contains no opium or other narcotic,and may begiven to a child as confidently as to an adult It is pleasantto take, too, which is of great importance when a medicine must be givento young children. This remedy ismost effectual in relieving coughs,colds and croup. Obtainable every-rwhere.OPPORTUNITY!Mr. R. F. Clendenin, Associate General Agent forthe Northwestern Mutual Life Insurance Company, inone day recently, sold 100,000 worth of life insurancsover local and long distance lines of the Home Telephone'Company and because of such an amount of businessaccumulated in one day, he divides the honors with usfor the efficient telephone service rendered. This is asplendid record for both Telephone and Insurance Companies. Mr. Clendenin says; "The service I get from your' Company is all that I could ask, and on the closing dayof my campaign I used it with wonderful success.' 'Such an opportunity in facilitating business shouldbe grasped by the public in general in employing co-operation,efficiency and confidence.Paris Home Telephone & Telegraph Go.(Incorporated)J. J. VEATCH, District Manager.W. H. CANNON. THOMAS K. SMITH.Local Manager. Cashier.EFFICIENCYIN CL0T0INQ FOR MEN!Copyright 1317Tbi IIouj oi Kuppct&tlnaxWe Are Agents For TheHouse of KuppenheimerSuits and OvercoatsFor Men and Young Men. Now, more than at any othertime, you should buy merchandise that can be dependedon. For this reason we heartily recommend clothes ofthis make and we also GUARANTEE fit style and service. You can buy them here for$20.00 $22.50 $25.00TWIN BROS.Clothing and Shoe Dept, L. Wollstdin, PrtpWe Give and Redeem Blue Trading Stamps.Bourbon LaundryDWIS & FUNK, Props.Telephone No. 4.West 5 Streetjrzz'. ,- "-vf(-JfeSM"iXSWr7-.i -.. patronage.Satisfaction is OarWatchwordWith all the latest improvements in laundryappliances rand experthelpers we are preparedto do work inferior tonone, and solicit yourBourbon Laundry,Paris Kentucky.IKli,!VI -IH1 4J, '.Hini iiUfegSBSTi;.!,, . pm-adv)vt"t..t.v' Wfc"WjH"Jvi"??.IW-nrff. ..'I-.... ....., i.THE BOURBON NEWS, PARIS, KY.FRIDAY, APRIL IT, l$t7.ill-At prices that should I bring the biggest crowd that every attended a sale. We have just received a shipment from New York, purchased by Mrs. Simon, who saw heTchance to buyand give the public the advantage of her purchase. Included at extraordinary reductions are our Pntiro ctnrk &, ... .. j m-ii- "n wno saw ner cnance xo ouyshould reach so far-and here is your chance. reductions are our entire stock of Ready-to-wear and Millinery. It is a time now when every-tfolf'Jm. . , N , y .IPMlIISuitsSuits that formerly sold for $15.00, now $11 .OOSuits that formerly sold for $20.00, now 1 4.75Suits that formerly sold for $22.50, now 1 7 .50Suits that formerly sold for $27.50, now 1 9.75Suits that formerly sold for $30.00, now 22.50Suits that formerly sold for 35.00, now 24.50Suits that formerly sold for S40.00, now . 27.50Suits that formerly sold for $47.50, now. 32.50One lot of Silk Suits to close out at 1 4.75Children's DressesSizes 2 to 6 Years65c Dresses now .'. . . . 50c$1.00 Dresses now 79c$1.25 Dresses now 98cSizes 6 to 14 Years$1.00 Dresses now 79c$1.50 Dresses now -..$1.19S2.00 Dresses now 1 .59$2.50 Dresses now 1 ,98$3 00 Dresses now 2.4-8CoatsCoats that formerly sold for $12.50 now $ 7.98Coats that formerly sold for $15.00 now 11 .OOCoats that formerly sold for S20.00 now 1 4.75Coats that formerly sold for $22.50 now 1 7.50Coats that formerly sold for $30.00 now 22.50Coats that formerly sold for $35.00 now 24.50MillineryHats that formerly sold for $5.00 and $6.00 now $3.95Hats that formerly sold for S7.50 now 4.95Hats that formerly sold for $10.00 now 7.98Hats that formerly sold for $15.00 now 9.98SkirtsSkirts that formerly sold for $7.50 now $4.98Skirts that formerly sold for 810.00 now 7.98Skirts that formerly sold for $12.50 now 998Skirts that formerly sold for $15.00 now 1 2,50DressesDressesDressesDressesDressesDressesDressesthat formerlythat formerlythat formerlythat formerlythat formerlythat formerlythat formerlysold for $12.so'd for $15.sold for 820.sold for $25.sold for 830.sold for $35.sold for $40.50 now.00 now00 now.00 now.00 now.00 now .00 now..$ 7.98.. 11. CO.. 14.75.. 17.75.. 22.50.. 24.75.. 27.50Children's Coats at Half Price$4.00 Coats now . $2..6o$5.00 Coats now 2-50$7.50 Coats now 3.75Ladies' and Misses' House Dresses$1.50 House Dresses now $ 1 .25$1.25 House Dresses now 98Percale Bungalow Aprons 50HK Br3 B HilY KiH VHA. H iiA iiHONE PRICE TO ALLPPPPsBPPPPk pjppppj IIIIBBilA IBctjmLvI lllllllflEVll PIIIIIWi IIIIbI1 VRELIGIOUS.Rer. Dr. W. Ganfield, president ofCentral College, at Danville, one of theMILLERSBURGforemost pulpit orators in the country.Trill preach to the congregation of theParis Presbyterian church at the morning service at the court house Sunday.At the evening service Dr. Ganfieldfll address a union meeting of thecongregations of the Presbyterian andChristian churches atchurch.This will be a rare treat to all whoattend, as Dr. Ganfield's well-knownability as a speaker of rare power insures something well worth hearing.The public is cordially invited to attend both these services.Mr. J. G. Allen and Mrs. ClaraShanks remain very much the same.Judy & Son. The remains were inter- Jred in the colored cemetery Wednesday afternoon, after an appropriatefuneral service at the colored Methodist church by his pastor, Rev. H. A.. Srewart.STOCK, CROP, ETC.Mr. James Oder, of Harrisoncounty, has purchased of Mr. Ira Park,of Paris, a pair of three-year-oldmules for $350.Cavwood & McClintock, of Paris,recently shipped to the Cincinnatin&rket two carloads of 200-pound hogslor which they paid an average of $14jer hundred pounds.MflRGOLEN'SSPECIALS THIS WEEKMiss Hazel Kerr, is in attendancethis week at the Eastern KentuckyTeachers' Association, in Louisville.Misses Virginia Shanklin, JennieMiller -and Alice Grimes will givetheir graduation recital in Toice at theM. C. auditorium Monday at 8 p. m.the Methodist All friends of the school are cordiallyinvited to be present.Mrs. B. B. Shoptaugh has returnedto her home in this city after a pleasant visit to Washington, D. C. Whilethere she had the pleasure of meetingMr. Paul Letton, of Millersburg, whois in the United States army serviceat that point.The first Sunday in May will beobserved here as "Go-to-Sunday-SchoolDay." All are urged to attend andhelp increase the enrollment at the various churches. The goal is 1,200.Free transportation will be given to allwho have no way to come.ARRESTED FOR THEFTOF SUIT OF CLOTHESWalter Johnson, a negro, giving hisresidence as North Middletown, wasarrested by Chief of Police WoodsonMcCord, at Winchester, Tuesday,charged with housebreaking. Thearrest folowed a complaint made to thepolice by former County Judge HenryC. Smith, of near North Middletown,that a suit of clothes had been solenfrom a tenant on his place. When arrested Johnson denied all knowledgA,of the theft, but it was proven conclusively that, the clothes he had onthen had been stolen from theSmith farm near North Middletown JAnother negro named Sherman Fieldswas later taken into custody on a'cnarge 01 navmg neen implicated inthe theft of other articles of clothingASK FOR DEMONSTRATIONAsk for a demonstration of the Oak- from the same placeland Six, the sensible car. The priceand .performances of this car most satsifaefcory. Ask the man who owns one.DICKERSON & DOULrLAS GARAGE,27-2t) Fourth and High, Paris, Ky.Miss Mary Frances Scott, of th3 The members of the Senior Class ofLexington College of Music, was here the North Middletown Business and'iAS YOU LIKE IT"BY COLLEGE CLASS.-jr".&'Home-KilledMeats' Beef, Pork, Veal, Lamb.Wednesday to direct the recital whichthe Girls' Glee Club of Georgetown College gave Wednesday evening at theMillersburg Military Institute. Whilehere Miss Scott was the guest of Mrs.Carl M. Best, at the Institute.The Glee Club of Georgetown College gave a concert at the M. M. I.Auditorium, Wednesday at 8 jp. m.,which was enjoyed by all present.They were greeted by a large audi-ence, and all the numbers were wellrendered. It is the first time that this NATIONAL FIELD WORKERclub has ever given an entertainment! TO ADDRESS SOCIETIES.in Millersburg. They were the recipi-Jents of numerous encrores, and from Mr- Karl Lehman, National Fieldthe quality of their work showed that Worker for the Christian Endeavorthey have been well trained. i Society, will deliver and address tome igung jreopies societies or fansand Bourbon county next TuesdavClassical College, under the directionof President Christopherson. and Mrs.Bacon, of the College, will present an Iout-dcor performance of "As You LikeIt" at their commencement exerciseswhich will be held on May 28. Fiveyoung people will graduate from tli3College at the end of the term inMay. tnight at 7:30 o'clock. The serviceswill be held in the Sunday School roomof the Christian church. Mr. Lehmanis one of the very best workers in thefield, and' the young people are veryanxious there should be a large attenda nee bo hear him.One of the most pleasing entertainments given in a long time was thegraduation recital in expression at theM. C. auditorium, Monday evening, byMiss Aleta Wilson. Miss Wilson isone of the most popular young readers.All here are familiar with her work:She read "The Shepherd of the Hills."hearers. She delineated all the partswith artistic exactness, and her inter ,TO ATTEND MEETING OF 'i,r in , T . , .pretations were indeed good. This, of EDUCATIONAL ASSOCIATION'"xfrCCCl uW66t 1 OLcLlOCS 'course, was largely due to her instruc-. fr. ?"ss Ethel King, but in her orig-i A x Q deiegation of school teacher:.maiity sue aisniayeu mucn by way or f th t fl .interpretation that was really her own - , , JT . . -"uuia "iL-, . - She was greeted by a large audience "" uuiavuic' wueresxney3. She was assisted by Miss Carolyn Mc- Wl11 attend the annual meeting ofi theIntyre, pianist, whose work was also Kentucky Educational Association.good and gives promise of a rising They were headed by Miss Mabel Rob-Special Prices This -Week, Pnist of marked ability. bins, County Superintendent of Schoolst Sam Victor, colored, died Monday and Prof. T. A., Hendricks, Superin-1 , al 8:15 a. m. Sam was in apparently tendent of the Paris City Schools." ' good health until about 11 p. m. Sun-day, when he was seized with a severe Love mav be blind, but it's fnnHattack of headache and in a short time to attempt to work off a paste diathereafter went into convulsions.. For mond on a girl under the impressionthe past 12 years he has held the posi that you have her hypnotized by your,tion as porter at the grocery of T. D. soo looks.DOWN!GOES THE HIGHCOST OF LIVING!Dan Cohen Cuts the Shoe Cost!An immense outlet, giving us a purchasing power uneoualed by any other organization, makes this store fchoBIGGEST BARGAIN SHOE HOUSE. New bargains daflyreceived. If you want the iatest novelties and exclusiveHigh Grade Men's, Women's and Children'sSpring Footwear!Visit our store, compare quality, styles and prices r.riyou will take advantage of the WOINDERPUL SHOE VALLJPat less than they can be bought wholesale.:Ladies' White Kid or Rich BrownRuss. Tan BootsLadies' Gray and White Kid Katinka PumpsLadies' White Canv. Sea IslandBoots and PumpsLadies' Kid Lace Boots andPumps which add p:race to yourfootLadies' Pat. Dull Kid ftftBoots and Pumps at. ..$299-Ladies' Pat. and Gun Metal Shoesand Slippers at$4.953.492.493.49$2.491.99z(Strausberg and Bermuda)Men's Plat. Calf Ens:, and MprfinmToe Shoes and Oxfords, W.-O. . . .$4.00Men's Russian Tan EnglishShoes and Oxfords, W.-O... $4.50 UpMen's Gun Metal and Tnn qwand Oxfords, Walk-Overmen.s Ciun Metal, Buttonand Lace, good qualityMen's Tan Lace Oxfordsatand3.502.992.49Men's Gun Metal HiVh ShnooOxfords J nQQMflRGOLEN'SBoys', Misses' and Children's Shoes and Slippers AtUNt-HALF THE PRICE YOU PAY ELSEWHEREy.DAN COHENParis' Greatest Shoe Store Where Beauty and Economy Reigni74!&v-,-' k ". -..ii s J '