izLsKISHiwm WU.BPJ w HmjmratJi,sir'yjt-?g ' iiwjg' - y?uHiui iRBHTnar aijra!?1 "-. 6MH5ir jsEaaww m m iiiiiMiMMwyL.M3afigaig.KaaaSt" " :r""22 " Js23aMBMs nsiim'?PUBLISHED EVERY TUESDAY AND FRIDAY IN THE YEAR.VOLUME XXX VS IPARIS, BOURBON COUNTY, KENTUCKY, FRIDAY, OCTOBER 5, 1917mJmrWSg - x mm 111 tf m wm- III 14- m Jlf 2.A lrVVIllVll " J v W wI I ii jr . , vlOUISVILLE & NASHVILLE TO DOJMORE DOUBLE TRACKINGOne of the biggest things in thedays' news, if the reports that havecome to THE NEWS man's ears havefoundation in fact, is that the Louisville & Nashville railroad is contemplating continuing the double tracking of its lines from Winchester toCorbin, the work to begin within thenext twelve months.Humors have been current herefor several days that the L. & N. people have been snaking plans to extendtheir double tracks to Sinks, which,if carried out, will form, a completedouble track line from Cincinnati toCorbin. It is reported that the Louisville & Nasville has" made plansfor improvements that will call forthe expenditure of several milliondollars. The distance between Winchester and Sinks is fifty-nine miles.The belief is current among railroad men that the work will beginwithin the next twelve months, buton account of the high price of material and the scarcity of labor owingto the war, it may be delayed for.some time.The first double tracking was doneon the south end of the Louisville &Nashville, and a few years followingthe completion of this work attentionwas turned to the north end. It wasat first thought that Paris would bethe center of the distribution for a"branch road leading into the EasternKentucky mountains, but this planwas afterward changed, resulting inthe Winchester-Irvine division of thethe road and the extension of thedouble tracking operations from,Paris to Winchester and a little beyond. The contemplated project, it ispaid, will, as a matter of course, benefit Winchester considerably, fromthe fact that it may mean the building of additional yards at Patio tofacilitate the handling of freightfrom Eastern Kentucky points, instead of carrying it to the divisioncenter, Paris, which place would beused mainly for handling freightfrom the south end of the road.It is reported here that additionalimprovements are contemplated inthe Paris yards, and that "if the project goes through the Louisville &Nashville has in view about fortyacres of suburban land, close to thelarge south Paris yards of the L. &N., in order to provide additionaltrackage room to take care of theconstantly increasing traffic at this-ri'f Tn vipc of this venture theLouisville & Nasliville is said to bemaking .preparations for maintainingan inexhaustible supply of water foruse of the road at Paris nd the southyards, and to that end will use alljust and legal means to co-operate-with Paris Water Company, the ParisMilling Company and the city ofParis in constructing and maintaining a concrete dam across StonerCreek.THE NEWS man made inquiry ofseveral Paris officials for informationto verify the above, but as is the"habit, acquired or natural, of railioad,men, could get no definite results. One of them said that he hadlpaxd the rumors, and that it wasmore than likely they were foundedon facts, but that he could not be'positive. Another said he believed it-was true, but that he was not at liberty to talk. The general impressionamoilg the local railroad men is thatthe double tracking will 'become anecessity and will have to be donesooner or lter.The work will not take away anyof the importance of Paris as a railroad center, as there will always bethe division interest here that arenot likely to be affected in any wiseby this new work.CHECK FOR COLORED ANNEX TOMASSIE HOSPITAL.As in the days of civil strife "ber t,oOf ban JUantween the States, and as oi &an jwuHill, when "the colored troops tougntnnhlv ' so in the more peaceful daysthey have attested tteir worth as arace and their devotion to a cause.Some months ago a systematic campaign was begun by leaders of thecolored people in-Paris and the county to raise a fund to build an annexfor colored people to the Massie Memorial Hospital, in Paris. The work-was prosecuted vigorously and resultssoon followed. Churches and societies took up the work and individualshelped in every conceivable way.Yesterday representatives of themMwflflC -arhn "had charce of thecampaign turned over to Mr. Jos. WlDavis, of the Board of Trustees .ofthe Hospital a check for $1,680 as anucleus for the fund, which willeventually be enlarged by another?1,000. which task the committeeshave set themselves to raise as anevidence of their sincerity in theThis "work reflects great credit ponthe coftred people andtheir leaders,-who are endeavoring to provide aplace where their sick may be properly taken care bfr With this fundcompleted and readily available itirtll0t be lorn, before the annexCOUNTY EXEMPTION BOARDS GETLIST OF DRAFT QUOTAS.Certification to the various county j Congress finished its work on the ' The proposal to examine for miliboards of enough men to fill the re- great War Tax Bill late Tuesday tary service all men registered for thespective quotas for the third call, night, when the Senate, following the army draft and not yet called waswhich started moving to Camp Zach-', example set Monday by the House, killed, forthe present, at least, Wedary Taylor, Wednesday, has been 'adopted the conference, report with- nesday, when the House and Senatecompleted by the Third District ! out a roll call. j conferees eliminated an appropriationBoard, in session at Lexington, and More than two and a half billion for the purpose from the war defi-the lists in each instance telegraphedto the county boards. No quota will Ibe takenfrom Bourbon county onthis call.Chairman Prichard stated that theDistrict Board would continue thework of investigating claims for ex-1eruption on occupational grounds, andthe appeals from the decisions of thelower boards, so that they might beready when the next call comes. Consideration of the few appeals frommen in Paris and Bourbon countywhich have not yet been decided, willnot be taken up for several days yet,it was statedto to"BLACK MOODY" WANTS TO GETCOLORED SOLDIERS.Rev. R. Quarles, of Paris, knownto fame and some fortune as an evangelist, exhorter and author of thedramatic presentation of "The Prodigal Son," is desirous of doing his bittoward attesting the patriotism ofthe colored race. Rev. Quarles sometime ago made a tender to the President and the Secretary of War of jhis services in raising and drilling aregiment of colored soldiers from thisand surrounding counties. The offerwas conditionally accepted, but hehas not been called upon yet to dothe work.Rev. Quarles sends the followingcommunication to THE NEWS, hoping thereby to gain the greatest publicity for his project:"PARIS, KY., Oct. 4, 1917."Rev. R. Quarles, of this city, hasdecided to get 100 men in- Bourboncounty and drill them twice a week,especially for home guards, to takethe place 'of National guards whenthey are withdraw- from the State.Rev. Quarles says it is not necessaryto wait in these perilous times, for 50or 100 well-drilled men while thecrisis is facing us are worth 1,000undrilled men in the time ot war.He wants to have a drill twice aweek. He is very patriotic to hiscountry, and says it is no child'splay, but needs sacrifice on the partof every man, woman" -and child.War is at our door now. I want toask my colored brothers, will youmeet the call for this great emergency? Now give this matter seriousconsideration and meet me at xanKJones' grocery Monday evening,October 8, 1917.'R. QUARLES, B. D.,"121 Lamb Street,'Paris, Ky."TUESDAY'S REGISTRATION.The registration Tuesday passedoff quietly- A total of 1,190 votersregistered. This was 313 less thanregistered one year ago.Only a few women registered yesterday. V . .The registration by precincts mraris, Tuesday, resulted as follows:Precinct Dem. Rep. Ind. Soc.Paris No. 1. 80 10 2Paris No. 2. 252 19Paris No. 3. 141 30 4Paris No. 4. 153 37 2Paris No. 5. 113 153 3Paris No. 6. 125 76Total854 - 32511PreviousComparative RegistrationYears And 1917:Year Dem.Rep.494482449488568325Ind.373412' 811Prog20Soc.191219131914191519161917906907880898927854Returns from, all over the State indicate that the Democrats have madesubstantial gains everywhere, thoughthe registration .was generally light.rRftnorts show laree sains in theI larger cities, indicating a heavier. . TSTf.VCTr,i,or than nt the lastfe in NovemDer, electi0n.HaADDRESS ON TAX LAW.A fair-sized audience, composed ofbusiness men, farmers and others interested in the taxation question,heard Attorney-General M. M. Logan,of Frankfort, explain the new tax lawin an address at the court house,Wednesday night.Mr. Logan's familiarity with thedevious windings and intricacies ofthe new law stood him in good stead,and in the course of his address hemade many vexed matters clear regarding taxation and equalization ofvalues.Mr. Logan was accompanied toParis by Mr. Ben Marshall, formerInternal Revenue Collector, and nowSecretary "of the State Tax Commission. GETS ARMY COMMISSIONMr! T. D. Howard, son'f Mr. andMrs. Charles W. Howard, of Lexington, former residents of Millersburg,1.. nnnitraA a nrmrtmicsirtn 95? "FMrstLieutenant in the Ordnahce Depart-,mTit nf the United. States army, Mr. tHoward. wiU leave for Washington anCONGRESS PASSES THE GREATL WAR TAX BlLL.dollars of new taxes are levied by themeasure, which has been in the mak-mg since last April. soenaie.As finally drafted after one of the ' This plan was suggested by the Prolongest and most strenuous strug-,vost Marshal General's office in orgies in Congressional history, the . er that every registered man mightRevenue Bill, whichwas passed by !the benate after amrvnli'tt rlAhntAI o i -, a ., r, :,,, :oepueiuuei iu, urttws principally uponincomes and war excess profits. As" XT w--.w v - J -w.. J .AAW.MIAAaT MW W Ipassed by the House it totaled$1,868,000,000 and the Senate raisedit to $2,416,000,000. The conferees'draft increased the total assessmentby about $750,000,000 over the'House and $128,000,000 above theSenate.The bill now is estimated to raiseabout $850,000,000 rom incomes,corporate and individual, and about,$1,000,000,000 from war excessprofits. Other major levies are $30,000000 on tob'acco, about $275,000,000 on liquors, $70,000,000 on firstclass mail, $40,000,000 on automobiles, $77,500,000 on freight transportation, $32,000,000 from stamptaxes and $60,000,000- from amusement admissions! Elimitation of con-sumption taxes on sugar, tea, coffeeand gas, electricity and telephone ser-i vice, together with house taxes on1916 incomes and a general 1 percent, tariff levy, were features of theevolution of the bill.tea fe ?sSECOND LIBERTY LOAN BONDSSOLD- ON INSTALLMENTS. 'Loosen your purse strings, sonsand daughters of Columbia, and takethe bonds of the Second LibertyLoan. Buy them till the pinch ofbuying brings to your heart the glowof a good investment made and agood deed done. Buy XL' S. Government Liberty Bonds. If you have one,buy another, and sell two more bondsto two other good Americans.We are offering these LibertyBonds on easy terms a S50 Bond at$1.00 down and the balance in weekly payments of '$1.00 ner week: the'$100.00 Bonds at $200 down andJ2.00 per week. ,THE FIRST NATIONAL BANK.(oct5-8t) xto to toFOR PRESERVING..Elegant peaches and pears for preserving. (It) 'C P. COOK & CO.WE KNOW HWII The Fall and Winter Styles jIn Men's and Young Men's Suits jAre Now Ready For Your InspectionSiHiSlflm. . i ii in nm i n i i iii i i Mti-.nmL?mmmmmmmmmmam;i mm 1 M -" fll IHfllliHP' I Iffjjli jliil j7HiMHIhI llllliH: 'llu uiiiiLiTnlH I lltlllW!! HHHBHBBHHiFall Styles in John B. Stetson Soft and Stiff HatsMany New Styles in Rich Colors of Velours and Felts.Nettleton and Dr. Reed's Cushion Sole ShoesMitchell & BlakemoreStetson Hats Manhattan Shirts Nettltten StetV' 1r. RMd's CtoMpn $! ShotsfALL DRAFTED MEN WILL NOT BEEXAMINED.'ciency bill, the conference report onwhich was promptly accepted by theknow whether he was liable for ser-vice, and if so, the actual order of hi3liability. The War Department asked--"for expression of opinion from theGovernors of States, and only twosignified disapproval.Secretary Baker said recently thatthe Department had reached no decision in the matter, and would notuntil Congress had acted upon theproposed appropriation to defray expenses and thereby express its will.In passing the deficiency bill theHouse included the appropriation andthe Senate added an amendment limiting the men to be examined to thenumber soon to be needed. The conferees eliminated the whole provision.Their report will be adopted by theHouse. 'T3JTS3 PaMOSS FINISH HATS.Very popular this fall. Mightygood style and colors from Stetsonand Borsalino, $4.50 to $6.J. W. DAVIS & CO.Pa fe ?sSEASON CLOSES AT OIL SPRINGSThe season at. Oil Springs closedSunday night, and from now on theSprings Hotel will not be open to visitors. The managements has had amost successful season, and it is feltthat under the same direction theSprings Hotel can be made a greatersuccess next year than this.Late in the season the public beganto appreciate the charm of the place,arid many auto parties from Parisand Bourbon county spent happyhours there. Its popularity exceededthat of any other resort in the vicinity. Mrs. Riffe Hodgkin, of Winchester, a daughter of genial EwellRenaker, of Paris, with. Miss SueIfcrivener, of Winchester, were incharge.About seventy-five guests werepresent at the last meal before theclosing, including several from Paris,among them Mr. Ewell Renaker andMr. Wm. H. Whaley, Jr. A numberof guests from Mt. Sterling, Winchester and Richond were also present.For the voune: fellow whowants the style you willfind it in our ready-to-wearclothes.The NewFrench Sack Coatplaited back and yoke, 'patched pockets, very highwaisted coat with beltedback, graceful lines, thekind that you will be pleasedwith and which has style,wear and individuality thatother ready-to-wear clotheshave not. Fancy olivegreens, plaids, checks andnobby brown patterns.Prices From$15-00 to $30-00More conservative modelsfor the man who does notwant such -fancy styles, inneat worsteds and cheviots.Select your suit now, whileour line is new auu wm-plete.EXHIBIT OF FIRST YEAR'S WORK,OF CANNING CLUB.The result of the first year's work joi uie memoers or the uourbon txiris'Canning Club can be seen in the display made to-day and to-morrow inthe office of Miss Mabel Robbins,County Superintendent of Schools, inthe court house.The Club, under the direction ofMiss MaryPithian Hutchcraft, hasbeen a decided success, the girlshaving developed unusual ability inhandling and canning fruits and vegetables. The members of the Club will holda meeting in the court house to-morrowafternoon, at three p'clock, whenthey will be addressed by Miss AubynChinn, of Lexington, District Agentin Home Demonstration Work. Thepublic, especially all who are interested in the conservation, of food, arecordially invited to attend. At themeeting twenty prizes will be awarded in the girls work, as follows:I. Best all-around exhibit of canned fruits, vegetables, pickles, preserves, jelly,etc:First Price Given by City Federation Women's Clubs.Second Prize Given by ParisLiterary Club.II. Best four jars canned fruit:First Prize Given by Mrs. WadeWhitley.Second Prize Given by ParisBook Store.III. Best four jars canned vegetables: First Prize Given by Mrs. I. L.Price.Second Prize Given byv Mrs. R.B. Hutchcraft.IV. Best display of preserves:Given by Mrs. Charlton Alexander.V. Best display of pickles:First Prize Given by Mrs. R. M.Harris.Second Prize Given by Mrs. Walter Payne.VI. Best display of jelly:First Prize Given by Mrs. Duncan Bell.Second Prize Given by Mrs. W.A. Johnson. -VII. Best jar tomatoes:First Prize" Given by Mrs. Jas.Thompson.Second Prize Given Mrs. EdTucker.VIII. Best jar soup mixture:First Prize Given, by Mrs. J. W.Davis.Second Prize Given by J.- T. Hin-ton -Company.DC. Best jar beans (open only toSecond Year girls) :- First Prize Given by Mrs. T. T.Templin. -.Second Prize Given by the FairStore.X. Best jar saner kraut:Given by Mrs. J. A. Gilkey.XI. Best jar asparagus: -Givenby Miss Lucy Simms.XII. Best made apron and cap:Given by the Misses Holladay.XIII. Best kept record book:Four prizes to be awarded later.XIV. Greatest number tin cans:Given by First National Bank.The Canning Club girls appreciatemost heartily the, prizes which arebeing offered by these publicspirited club women, merchants,bankers,t etc., and are stimulated tobetter work by their interest and cooperation. The products will be on exhibitionin Miss Robbins office, in the CourtHouse to-day and to-morrow, but theawards will not be made until themeeting Saturday afternoon.m m mWHITE OAK TOBACCO STICKS BIG- SUPPLY JUST RECEIVED.Plenty of good white oak tobaccosticks.BOURBON LUMBER COMPANY.(2-2t)m im mLEXINGTON MASONS TO GIVE RECEPTION TO-NIGHT.Lexington Masonic Lodge, No. 1,will give a reception at Masonic Tejrnple in that city this (Friday) evening at 8 o'clock in honor of James L.Watson, retired merchant, w"ho hasfor fifty years been a member of thislodge, and whose golden anniversary will be commemorated by thepresentation to him of a certificate oflife membership. An entertainingprogram has been arranged for the'occasion.Grand Master J. N. Saunders, ofStanford, will be present -and deliveran address, as will also Judge Chas.Kerr, G. Allison Holland and others.The musical feature of the programwill consist of three solos by MissMary Lou Baker, Mrs. Hughes JackBon and Clay Sutherland, of Paris.After the literary and musical program, refreshments will be served.The session will be an open one, andtlie public is cordially invited.EBENEZER PRESBYTERY TO BEHELD IN PRANKFORTThe regular annual meeting of Ebenezer Presbytery of the Presbyterianchurch will be held in the FirstChurch in Frankfort on Monday andTuesday of next week. The sittingwill be concluded Tuesday eveningand most of the delegates in attend--a iii ia f TniavniP -whereauuc niu ji. t-vM. --w . --.. , ithe Synod ot Kentucky will meet inannual eeeeioTi with the Fouitk Ave-avie'ch4irck of that city on wnievANOTHER BIG DAY AT"XALAPA" FARM.(pr."Xalapa," the beautiful countryestate of Mr. Edward Simms, on hNorth Middletown pike, was agtita.the scene of a happy gathering- Wednesday, when forty or more gUMCwere entertained by the host witiTa""picnic party" in the open in. hoaorof Mr. and Mrs. Henry Oliver, Mr.and Mrs. John Oliver, Mr. and Mrs.Warner, of New York, and Col. Srs, -ofFalls Rivers, Wis. -The magnificent home never looked more beautiful, and the boatnever more genial than upon this occasion. The guests enjoyed th 4ftin the open, and enjoyed it to Outvery fullest. An inspection, tour vmtaken by the guests in carsover tisplendid roads that wind in and Ottt -ofthe place, while other forms of iamusement through the day contributed to the gayety of the occasiom.An old-time picnic dinner, comprisim -.oysters in many styled old coumtryham, and other delicious edibles, roy-ally served by caterer Leer Stout, a4assistants, of Paris, refreshed th ,".guests at the noon hour.Those who participated in thepleasures of the day were as folloVsrMr. and Mrs. Henry Olyer, Mr. andMrs. John Oliver, Mr. and Mrs. Win. 'Crittenden, Mr. and Mrs. Warner, allof New York; Col. Sears, of FallsRivers, Wis.; Col. and Mrs. E. T.Clay, Miss Sallie Lockhart, Miss MaryClay, Mr. J. Harry Holt, Mr. B. F.Buckner, Miss Bettie Holt, Miss KateAlexander, Mr. Thomas Henry Clay,Sr., Mr. George Bell, Mr. and Mrs.Thos. Henry Clay, Jr., Miss LucySimms, of Paris; Mrs. Wm. Thomas, yMrs. James Robinson Miss Mary -Robinson,Dr. Samuel Halley, Dr. BenVanMeter, of Lexingon ; Mr. and MrStrother Goff, Mr. and Mrs. BreckTendleton, Mr. and Mrs. Dave Prew-itt, Miss Sarah Buckner, of Winchester; Mr. W- E. Simms, of SpringStation. ' ,BOYS' RAINCOATS.Have you prepared your boy forrainy school days with a raincoat'that really turns water. Better getone to-day here at $4 and $5. .J. W. DAVIS & CO.?3i fe 15SHSCAL COURT PROCEEDINGS.The October term of theBourbon.Fiscal Court convened yesterdaymorning in the County Court room.with Judge C. A. McMillan presiding"and Justices Martin, Thomasson.-Buc-ris, Redmon, Stephenson, Lloyd,Shropshire and Turner present.The report of County Road Engineer Ben F. Bedford for the month ofFeptember was received and filed.Claims against the county amounting to $1,400 were allowed and ordered paid.County Treasurer S. E. Bedfordwas ordered to borrow the "sum of8,0 00 for use of the General Fund,and to execute his note for same,payable Januray 1, 1918, and to bearinterest N at six per cent, from datauntil paid.The appropriation of $4.00 permonth to Sidney Smith was fncreased to $5.00.Ordered that the sum of $50C permonth be paid to Belle Morrow for-"The support of Henry Hall.Ordered that the salaries of therounty officials for the ensuing termbe fixed at follows, and paid to themas heretofore: County Judge, $1,800per year; County Attorney, $1,000per year; County Superintendent ofSchools, $1,"000 per year; CountyRoad Enginner, $1,000 per year;County Infirmary Keeper, $80v permonth; County Health Officer, $S00per year; Clerk of Fiscal Court, $600 -peryear; Keeper of Workhouse,$2.00 per day; County Live Stock Inspector, $25.00 per month. "The following physicians wereelected to attend to the pauper practice in their respective localities atthe following sums: Paris F."M.Faries and A. H. Keller, $500, divided equally; Millersburg W. G. "Dailey, H. M. Boxley and J. D. Calhoun, $200, divided equally; FlatRock F. L. McClure and P. L. Mc- 1Clure, $100, divided equally; Nortk -MiddletownG. A. Cook and L. D.Henry, $15), divided equally; Cllatonville W. C. Worthington, $100;Hutchison Logan Gregg, $100; Cemterville Elmer Swetman, $10;County Infirmary C7 B. Smith,$200; Ruddles Mills H. B. Anderson, $100.Jos. Godman was-elected Keeper ofthe County Infirmary. Justices Bur-ris and Stephenson were elected acommittee to take an inventory of tktmproperty of the county at the CoumtjFInfirmary.Dr. H. M. Hamilton was re-elect -County Livestock Inspector.Ordered that the sum of $20appropriated to the Childrens' HmmSociety, at Louisville. The salaries otf "the county officials were allowed adordered paid. The Court then adjourned to November ,1.PANT&Y SHOWER.A committee of ladies, freem ttecongregation of the Paris BaBUhtl',church visited the home of themprminister, Rev. R. C. GoldsmitV MLstocked the pantry wienoujtmnfco w cm w - " Tand Mrs. Goldsmith will arrive heeMonday tor reside.The ladies of tke efeurek an -Kimte hoW a "ptflicafe mW la BeTOttext forth of the otaftjeVYomj. --.-v v. :-" r ' ba .,." . - - v-" w?.--.-i -"a'."'- itrv.-:KAfiBTWOTHE BOURBON NEWS, PARIS, KY..-. "M't-?m2i -xBOURBON NEWS11 W Ytrf Cn-FuUi0At!n.HWrd Every Tuesday and Friday,r Yar... $2.00 Six Months... $1.00Payable in Advance.CWIFT CAMP. Editor and Owner.Any erroneous reflection upon theiiuracter, standing or reputation ofamy person, firm, or corporation whichay appear in the columns of THEBOURBON NEWS will be gladly corrected if brought to attention of thedltor.ADVERTISING RATESDisplay Advertisements, $1.00 perInch for first time; 50 cents per incheach subsequent insertion.Reading Notices, 10 cents per lineaach issue; reading notices in blacktype, 20 cents per line, each issue.Cards of thanks, calls on candidates, obituaries and resolutions, andsimilar matter, 10 cents per line.Special "rates for large advertisements and yearly contracts.The right of publisher is reservedto decline any advertisement or other-Jnatter for publication.Announcements for - political officesmust invariably be accompanied bythe cash.THE SE1I0CRATIC TICKET.Tor State Senator George Hon, ofClark CountyFor- Bepresentative C. M. Thomas,of Bourbon County.-For Sheriffs-Will G-. McClintock.ForCounty Clerk Pearce Paton.For County Judge George Batterton. For County Attorney -avid D.ciine.For County Superintendent of SchoolsJ. B. Caywood." For Jailer Thomas Taul.?or Assessor Walter Clark.?or Coroner Rudolph Davis. Paris.For Magistrate L- J. Fretwell, ParisPrecinct; John N. Shropshire,Centerville Precinct; E. P. Thomasson, Millersburg Precinct; Jno.S. Wiggins, Hutchison Precinct;R. 'O. Turner, Ruddles Mills Precinct; John S. Talbott, North Mid-' dletown Precinct; S. R. Burris, Little Rock Precinct; Lee Stephen" son, Clintonville Precinct.For Mayor E- B. January.For CHief of Police W. Fred Link.For Councilmen First Ward JohnMerringer, John Christman andThos. Kiser; Second Ward S. K.Nichols, J. J. Veatch and JohnArkle; Third Ward Geo. Doyle.EDITORIAL MUSINGS.-f.. Correspondence Course -of Study.A familiar picture in newspaperand magazine advertising is that ofworking man held down to somepoorly paid job, because of his lackof effort and ambition. The attemptis made to convey the idea that bytaking some correspondence schoolcourse, he could fit himself to rise.While many of these hopes proveillusory, there are also many casesuerti ijucu siuay is a means to a,bigger opportunity.Young people who wish to, risemust get out of the beaten track,They are too. apt to see some position a little above them that they'think they might inherit in case of.s death or resignation. So they may"wait many years for an opening thatnever comes.If they really want larger responsibilities, they must fit themselves forthe larger task. The correspondence- course, if wisely chosen, may be themeans of opening a new door. Thegreat trouble with it is that so manyyoung -people take courses for whichthey are not fitted.Many young men try by correspondence to gain entrance to someveary difticult field. For these callings years at a professional or technical school give none too muchpreparation. After working evenings ior a year or two, the studenthas a smattering of his subject. Butit would be a pure gamble to give upiis regular' salary on such remotechances. He quits study, and settlesdown' to a lifetime at some poorlyTpaid work. Had he attempted something within .his reach, the results"Would have been far different.': One of the most useful kinds of"correspondence courses would bethose provided now by many agricultural schools. Young farmers mightas well study an hour evenings as, yawn around and go to bed at ninegoclock. .They would learn scientificfacts they could never get from theirfathers or the home traditions of theneighborhood. There is little excuselor unsuccessful farm work In these4y when scientific information is'ao freely offered,'-X Kentuckian who was a crippleamd an idiot was passed by a-medi-cal examiner and sent to Camp Zach-ary Taylor, where he could not tell"lii name. The medical examiner whoVarrrii him should be put in a tent: aad' exhibited in a coat of tar andfeataers.- "Wky Baseball Ii Cpitly-SfttefealHs.no boaanza this year, .at: 1ritvf tkelteamc.of thetheJr-tfLi?-,- -. -..- j'-j. .- ,.yabout traaaferriag fTaahisea, a4doiibjar about abfiity-bi-: cerfaimleagues to complete their schaduisThe "fans" get their ideas jud toohigh: One single error, and thernot just quite uiwersttmdJtto'Teason-irT--Trr2 fbleachers begin to "crab." Anotherone, and the seats resound with"Take him out." Which doesn't States as the richest, the most proshelp a nervous player to do his part! perous and greatest nation on earth.any better.It doesn't cost much, to sit onbaseball bleachers and yell at players -who make occasional errors.But if people who do most of the"knocking" are solicited to subscribea dollar to help make up the deficitin the ball team, they are not there.Baseball has become a costly anddifficult sport in many cities for thereason that the public will not besatisfied unless it has a winning;team. It is not so much exhibitionsof good baseball that it wants. Itdemands the chance to see hated rivals bite the dust of defeat. If ateam has a losing streak, its attendance is apt to drop one-half.It is this character of the crowdthat has led to the absurdly highsalaries earned by ball players. It isan illogical, disproportion, when ayoung man just out of his teens canearn $50 and, $100 and more perweek, while others with equal or better brains aTe taking business jobsat $2.00 a pay.The baseball pace has been feverish. The players have sensed theiradvantage. Once they acquired somereputation for speed, they were besetby managers, and were able to nametheir own figure. But conditions likethese are not apt to be permanent.Wealthy men who have financedmany of the minor league teams have I and little guns; for army and navybecome tired of the costliness of their (pay; for the purchase and forwardfad. The public is economizing ing of the tremendous food suppliesthrough these war times, and play- necessary for the army support, anders' salaries are closerbasis.to a normalHaving exhausted every other subject for sensational slush, certainnewspaper writers are now engagedin the kindergaten pastime of mobilizing the boy scouts for war.. "Carry It Home."In the effort at nation wide economy, no one move will have greatereffect, provided it be systematicallyand universally practiced, than themove to eliminate the expense ofspecial delivery of commodities, thathas grown to such enormous proportions' in this country.For many years "now the customhas been growing with the growthof the telephone service, until in almost any part of tjie country if thelady of the house wants a paper ofpins or the man of the house needsa thresher or an auto, a telephonecall brings one to the door as readily and as promptly as the other.This is peculiarly a modern practice. Our forefathers carried orhauled home their purchases. Weunder the spur of-necessity, can andshould do likewise.There are two angles to the proposed reform that -should appeal tothe public. First, the direct savingio the purchaser. This, in the aggregate, bound to be enormous, as theexpense of delivery throughout thecountry has grown to huge proportions. Second, the releasing for otherand more needed service the immense capital and equipment nowtied up in the special delivery ofmerchandise. Thousands upon thousands of horses, wagons, autoes,trucks to say nothing of the menand boys are now engaged in thiswork, which is to a large extent entirely superfluous. There is a vitalneed in other channels for all of thisforce, and it should be released andmade available 'where it is so badlyneeded. NAmong the economic reforms .noneis imore important. Get the "Carryit Home" spirit. You will profit byit, and the country at large will bethe greatest gainer of all, as it willeliminate one df the most wastefulof all practices.No, W.illiam, we have never killed3 man. But Lord, that doesn't meanthat we never felt like it, with delinquent subscribers enriching themselves while we stagger under -theprice of print paper.NOT OVER THREE MONTHS.On account of high freight rates,the Director of Camp Libraries atWashington has notified the BourbonCounty Red Cross Chapter that magazines, books, ete over three monthsold cannot be accepted.The Red Cross will receive andtake care of any literature sent totheir headquarters intended for theboys in camp. Just reflect for a moment how lonesome those boys getat times, then get ready to do yourbit by sending them something "goodto read."m mCHAMBERLAnTS COUGH REMEDYTHE MOST RELIABLE.After (many years' experience inthe use of it and other medicines,there are manr who prefer Chamberlain's to any other. Mrs. A. C. Kirstein, Greenville, Ills. writes: "Chamberlain's Cough Remedy has beenused in my mother's home and minefor years, and we always lound it aquick cure for colds and bronchialtroubles. We find it to be the mostreliable cough medicine we haveused."(adv-oct)It is easy to pardon one's own,faults,-which :may ,be conideredvfor--jfixm&m&0twm1 J&iy 'thouiakaf of .AmericVg loyal;wefi-meanintr andwor&vJcitisAas'fni - .m.-- - w-w --v i v ''-. . -rT v.for these liberty Joans. All' theirlives they have regarded the UnitedTo them it has been a land of peaceand plenty, "the home of the free andthe land of the brave.'- In a word,"God's country."And now that a war has come eightor ten thousand miles away, it seemsinconceivable that it should be necessary for a nation of such boundlessresources, of such wondrous wealthand such varied and thriving industries and commercial interests, to beasking its citizenry without regardto wealth or station to contribute tothe support of the armies it mustsend far afield.America, like its people has beenprofligate of its riches.Probably the less said of the pastextravagances of national government, the better.- You are largely responsible, for you have seen the actsof your representatives at Washington without protest.But the fact is that of the triflejmore than a billion dollars of revenues annually, nothing has been saved. No surplus has accumulated inthe treasury. And the rainy day hascome for the nation as it comes forits individuals.Now we need $20,000,000,000 forthis first year of war. It will go forloans to our allies; for the equippingof the navy and the arming of landforces; for munitions of war and bigfor army insurance to support stricken families.Meantime our normal sources ofrevenue are-dnterrupted and our expense of government increased. Wemust have about $19,5000,000,000more ready cash this year than. last.And the size ' of your LibertyBond purchase will measure yourreal worth to your country as a citizen. a te teCROUP.If your children are subject tocroup get a bottle of Chamberlain'sCough Remedy, and when the attackcomes- on be careful to follow theplain printed directions. You will besurprised at the quick relief which itaffords.' (adv-qct)Farms For Sale.I have listed for sale some reallive bargains in Shelby County farmland 50 acres to 710 acres.JOHN F. DAVIS,(2-6t) Shelby ville, Ky.Taken by Mistake.Left in 1917 model Ford automobile, parked near Ford Garage, onBank Row, one tan leather bill book,containing papers of the BourbonOil & Development Co. Finder willplease return to office of company,411 main street, Paris. Ky.FOR RENT.Modern cottage of four rooms, inRosedale Addition to Paris. Apply to, HARRY B. MITCHELL,735 Henderson St.,(18-tf) Paris, Ky.NOTICE.All persons having claims againstthe estate of James H. Corbin, deceased, are requested to present sameproperly proven, according to law, tothe undersigned, at -Corbin & Martin's on High street, for payement.Those knowing themselves indebted to the estate will call at once andsettle" ,' ANNIE P CORBIN,(oct2-2t) Administratrix.Dissolution Notice.The firm of Frye & Franklin having been dissolved by mutual consent.Dr. W. R. Franklin will open an exclusive optical business in the oldWestern Union stand, 514 Mainstreet, and will be open for businessabout Oct. 10."Dr. Franklin retiring, the obligations contracted by the. firm of Frye& Franklin, will be assumed by Mr.O. L. Frye.DR. W. R. FRANKLIN.NOTICEThe best time to plant fruitand shade trees, blooming shrubs,rhubarb, asparagus, grapevines;roses, peonies, perennials, etc.,is in the FALL. Get our largeillustrated catalog of everythingfor your Orchard, Lawn or" Garden. Finest stock grown anywhere. I H. F.Hillenmeyer &Sons,,- - .-3pKxa?t6n,3Er"YMwmmtTVMMAvr -''j? ".mtmt"i..J'ant.ci?S,Tllfc' TtDoan's Kidney "Pills have stood thetest.The test of time the. hardest testof all.Thousands gratefully testify.To quick relief to lasting results.Paris readers can no longer doubtthe evidence.It's convincing testimony twicetold and well confirmed.Paris readers should profit by theseexperiences.Mrs. J. T. Martin, 1024 Main St.,Paris, says: "Kidney trouble cameon from a fall and the results werevery severe, causing me more suffering than the fall itself. No one canever know what I went through atthat time for I suffered awfully. Myback ached and pained until Ithought it would break in two. Sharptwinges shot through my kidneysand if someone had hit me in theback with a heavy axe, I wouldn'thave known the difference. In oneweek after using Doau's Kidney Pills,I felt like a different woman, for theygreatly benefitted me." (Statementgiven February 17, 1908.RESULTS THAT REMAIN.On November 9, 1916, Mrs. Martinsaid: "Doan's Kidney Pills havemade a cure for me and it has beenpermanent."Price -60c, at all dealers. Don'tsimply ask for a kidney remedy getDoan's Kidney Pills-the same thatMrs. Martin has twice publicly recommended. Foster-Milburn, Co.,Props., Buffalo, N. Y. . - (adv)te fta mWhen a man tells his wife that heis staying downtown late in order toget a balance he is likely to lose iton the way home.For Rent,Farm of 262 acres, 40 acres meadow, 50 acres grass, balance cultivation. Good dwelling and tenanthouse. Tobacco barn, never-failingwater. Apply toMRS. KATE BUTLER KINDER,Home Phone 65 Paris, Ky.(2-3t-pd)Piano For Sale.A finely - finished mahoganysquare Steinway piano a splendidinstrument for sale at a bargain.Call at residence of Dr. J. T., Brown,on Main street.(28-tf MISS ELIZABETH BROWN.Miss Catherine Marsh'sKinderaarten ClassWill Open on FridaYi September 28,at the .residence of Mr. and Mrs. Wm.JVI. Talbott, on High Street. CallMiss Marsh over phone for partlculars.. f28-3tTo The Public!!The merchants of Paris recently jsigned agreements to close their,stores as follows: Grocery stores at7 p. m. and Saturdays 11 p. m. !Other lines of business at 5 p. m., excepting Saturdays. Some of our merchants are doing all they can to liveup to their agreement, while othersfind all kind of excuses to extend thetime of closing. One of their mainexcuses has been that, customers willdelay their purchases to the lastminute, and by entering stores at theclosing hour make it difficult formerchants to close Jheir stores asagreed upon.The Merchants Protective Association of Bourbon County at its lastmeeting directed by an unanimousvote that the undersigned make anurgent appeal to the public to kindlyassist the merchants by making alltheir purchases so as not to conflictwith this closing arrangement.There must be reason in allthings. A business or householdconducted without order and systemcannot bring complete success. Remember success does not mean moneyalone but also means "Happiness,Harmony and Good Health'.The mechanic and ordinary daylaborer will 'not work over 10 or 8hours per day. This you wll agreeis exactly right. But why . thenshould we expect a merchant towork from 6 a. m. to 10 or even 12p. m., or from 12 ta 18 hours perday? 'The merchant desires good healthand wants to live as long' as others.He wants to enjoy the company ofhis wife and children at eveningduring the week as well as only onSundays. Two hours extra rest eachday means all this for him and betterservice for you on the next day. Nodoubt you believe this is right andare willing to grant him and hisclerks and porters this necessaryrest. Then why not help him to liveup" to his pledge and make your purchases accordingly?To those merchants who have sofar failed to close their stores aspromptly .as they agreed, we appeal.again, "For the good of all, as wellas your own. welfare, let us stand together and work like one man."To those merchants who so farhave failed to fall in line on theclosing agreement, we extend anearnest appeal to "Come and work together with us for a common cause,"and to the public we appeal for theirencouragement and cooperation inthis movement, because we believe itright.Signed ,.FRED WECKESSBR, Chairman.WM. GRANNAN, Secretary.Business ;Men!s Protective Association-Eriurbon .Countv. KvL-'jfV. JWP , 0H-. '" -T5 fw ,-Pani ead& Ouutot-m StTtornVb -" P?- s...." '" fc-7XBoar, Wcart and56Z or 22J3Administrator's Notice !All persons having claims againstVi-i notaln rf TtTtm Allan Tirtll yttxmaa;:; J: -nnoJf x "" "' ' v " -- -mg io law io me unaersigiieu xur ipayment.(3t-F-pd)E.J. ALLEN, Adm'r.Lexington, Ky.Estray Taken Up.Taken up as a stray on the farm ofr v:-,--sf.-gvieT: -i'. - re "---?"- ijwiaME - . ,- - flB. -vBiflHOVv a'hmbkkhlwtlNiirgrtTiritk '-; : - ' 1haraelB. fiOToMSpwe '". -? ' - fc ' (WWJos. Clay and Miss Letitia Clay, on be cultivated as follows: 80 acres inthe Winchester pike, near Paris, a hemp; 8 acres in tobacco; 124 acresblack-and-white Poland China sow. in corn, (now in meadow) ; 167 acresOwner can obtain same by proving in wheat (now in corn) ; and 100property and paying charges. (28-tf) acres to remain in grass. No sugarm cane to be grown. Renter must cut. weeds.LOSTBuck Sheep, will weigh about 150pound, strayed from our place atJackstown. Marked on hip with"o o o" on right hip. Reward forreturn or information leading to recovery. McCONNAUGHHAY & SON.Carlisle, Ky.(28-3t-pd) Route 1.Scrap Iron Wanted.l m xv5n flffxr ,. - .irin.ti w m : " ,"77f-n Of,?aJr0n- Lot, leMthan 1,000 pounds. This material canbe weighed at any city scales. This Ito be relivered to the cars on the Loulsville & Nashville tracks, opposltthe freight depot.Call us over the Cumberland 'phon347-J.MAX MUNICH,Eighth Street, Paris, Ky.(oct20-lyr)-- r n iHnmP rnr Sal A PriVafAlVmime ruroaiernvaieiyOn account of Mr. Napier's passenger run being changed from Paris toLexington and Cincinnati necessitat-ing a removal to Lexington. I deslr$to dispose of my resirlvnce at the cor convenient to market by rail or turnner of Main and Second streets, In Pike and win be shown to prospect-Paris, at private sale.This is a substantial brick hous,two-stories, has six large rooms; j TERMS: Negot'iable notes forsleeping porch; two concrete porches; j equal parts of the rental price, paylarere srarden and nonltrv vard: sifl able respectively on September 1,and front, vard. Th is n. first-niashome and will be a bargain for th?purchaser. It is in first-class shapeAn inspection of the house and premises is invited.MRS. JESSE S. NAPIER,(4-tf) - 128 Main Street.Df The Name Tells a True StoryIHHi II II 111 IFtItHII: VBf Jl ii 11 1 1 lIlHlWt iPSr m r r P V B :VI H VIH m: w wwrvi yy wirSuperiorDouble Run Positive Force GrainGrain Feeds. " -. Sow all known seeds, both large and small.Adjustable Disc Wind ShieldsTake up wear. Prevent tiash from catching betweendisc and. wheel.Both right and left ground wheels drive all the feeds.Conductor Tube Tops -permit connection of grass seedspouts so grass seed can be sown in rows.'Reducing Pletes for alfalfa, millet, flaetc.Angle Steel Frame reinforced with I-Beam Steel Bed Rail.Hoppers of Large Carrying Capacity.Oscillating Drag Bar Heads(Single -Disc only) give greatest clearance of trash,Disk Wheel and Sliding PinionFor change of quantity. ;2- Folding Safety Levers v 1!Take up least room in storing.Two-Part Axle HangersNot necessary to strip axle inC3L BALLtrCor. Fourth andEven Sawing Means Even GrowingBourbon County FarmsTte undersigned will offer at pub-iiC renting onSaturday, October 13, 19171 at 11 o'clock, a. m., at the CourtHouse door, Paris, Ky., the farms ofJos. H. Clay, containing 479 acres ofland, for the year beginning March1, 1918, located near Escondida Sta-tion, about five miles from Paris, toj Said farms contain a comfortable'dwelling and necessary outbuildings,two substantial tenant houses, to-acco barn' are U JSJ- ndhave two pass-ways to Escondida Sta-X10.TERMS: Negotiable note, dueMarch 1, 1919, bearing 6 from maturity. Right reserved, to reject anyor all bids.PRANK CLAY,Trustee Jos. H. Clay.M. F. KENNEY, Auctioneer.I At the same time, and place, theundersigned will offer at public rent-ing for the year beginm11918, a portion of the 1j Letitia Clay, containinglocated on the Winchester Turnpike,about 5 miles from Paris, to be cultivated as follows: 66.52 acres Inhemp; 91.24 acres in corn;. and 51.64' acres to remain in grass. No sugar; cane to be grown. Renter must cutweeds.Also a tract of 50 acres of land! belonging to George Clay, fronting1 on the Winchester Turnpike, and ad-joining the abovefarm7.76 acres inihemp; 20.64 acres in corn;. and 21.60acres to continue in grass. No sugarycane t0 be grown Renter must cufcWPods. Said 50-acre tract contains acomfortable dwelling, outbuildings,J and two tenant houses, spring house,. etc. Jtsotn iarms are wen waierea,ive bidders from the residence of MissLetitia Clay, or by the undersigned.1 1918, and March 1, 1919, bearing6 from maturity. Right reservedto reject any or all bids.H. C. HOWARD,Agent for Miss Letitia Clay, and Committee for George Clay. WM. F. KENNEY, Auctioneer.(sept28-oct2-5-9- . .tuFeatures;case of accidental breakage?5-i'Pleasant St' .-"GARAGE"ipf:I maimii. Tliert Jsmuch .tilc:tMnate,'. 1-- . V' rT- -WSHl.zoo.ci-.txnyj-nw-v itirt07v" -" - -e(280Ct-imoU, ! OTftfiiiffffffffffffVfVfffTVrfiNiMHNnMMMIIIMVL,W 'i '-S-i-...-: ,'.Ci -S? "V .vSttT " - --. u, ' o. ."' 4.-" .. ; , - fc .ffv-r - , : J. " -- V. - ' -- '- ,i r ,' - . TI - -. -T - ." '-:j-V,V r , . .- ' .1 . r.rSrTynrrk-vr rwrAimB .t 11 - -, .r-jfc "i- rn . ."-- - J -'--? ...a -. .. , .Ni.- ---g w?w?Ma-j5,w nuKMikPACT' '---' - - V. --l-" - -a -"..- t .r s-hH rJ3,'--"Vw "Ssss-hs-hsSI - '"' c , -, "-SOCIAL ANDPlRSOJfAL.Comings and Goings of OurPeople Here, There andElsewhere.1mlOolKlOile&Co.Eexington, KentuckyjVow is tizeTime ,.;.A Selling Event of-ftS i wrGreat Importance ! t,-4t-100 New Trimmed HatsThis sparkling collection comprises all thenew and distinctive modes. The hats arefashioned of imported Lyons' Velvet, PanneVelvet and Hatters' Plush; their grace of line isaccentuated by simplicity of trimming.Distinctly picturesque, elegant, chic tothem is imparted individuality by quaint flarebrim effects, unexpected twists and turns.Hats New in ColorUnusal in Line$5.00 $JQ.oo15.001 WOLF, WILE & CO. 1LEXINGTON, KY.HHHIIIHiniHMHIIIHIHI Hill IIHIH t 111 IHIMMNICHOLAS COUNTY LEADSSCHOOL ATTENDANCE.INMiss Lyda E. Gardner, Nicholascounty superintendent, announcesthat a compilation of the reports ofthe various" schools showed thatNicholas county has a higher percentage of attendance than anyother county in Kentucky, and thatthis is the fifth year that Nicholascounty has held this place. The average attendance for Nicholas countyaccording to census was 7.04. Thepercentage of attendance for enrollment was 77. The enrollment for thecounty was 85 per cent of the census. Five years ago the attendanceaccording to census was 49 per cent.Every shadow points to the sunand sorrow helps us to appreciatehappiness.&-Au:Tvr 1RmntS- Femtmr-bmyto wearJfceflg&Btlt.(corsets thevja&tj(M6Tt"ducuigcror$3,WyhelTSr?nJjjRengo Pelt obrsetswiainpiirlsntirjeyewo'rnputpand greatestcomfortoroafterjietfirst wear.: (This isRengo Belt corsetshave gathered newadmirers each yeari&0?- Mm Comfoi&bJMcIlwcfyTfiCure-rciwimthfar CtexJiKiD4sBfoallimm4u6fewatCor SalemnfV VtMiss Xiena Payne is at home froman extended visit to friends in Carlisle. Sheriff-elect Wm. G. McClintockis -at home from a business trip toWashington City.Mrs. J. T. Mann, of KansasCty, Mo., is a guest of MrT and Mrs."Wm. Mann, near Paris.Misses Mary Turner and MarthaSears have returned from a visit toMr. Arthur Borlass, in Cincinnati.- Mrs. M. H. Davis, of Mayslick,Mason county, is visiting her mother,Mrs. Wm. Hukill, Sr., on Broadway.Misses Mayme Flanders and Esther Boatright have returned from avisit to Mrs. H. L. Sanderson, in Lexington. .Miss Alice Rogers Clay leftTuesday night for Washington City,where she "will enter a military training school.Mr. and Mrs. Henry May andtwo children have returned from atwo-months' visit to Mr. and Mrs. W.L. Yerkes, in Pasadena, California.Mrs. Julia Beauchamp, of Calu-Okla., who has been a guest offriends in Paris for several weeks.has gone to Georgetown to visit Mrs.L. F. Payne. yMessrs. James and William.Winn and Misses Nell and DorothyKing have returned to their homes inWinchester after a visit to relativesand friends in Paris.Mrs. Willis Liver, who recentlyunderwent an operation at the GoodSamaritan Hospital, in Lexington,has recovered sufficiently to return toher home near Clintonville.Mr. L. D. Harris and Mr. GeorgeIJ. Speakes, of the Harris & Speakesreal estate agency, were in Fairview,Spencer county, yesterday, wherethey held abig farm sale.Mr. Harvey Rose, of Twelfthstreet, is a patient at Massie Memorial Hospital suffering from typhoidfever. One of his children is alsodown with the same disease.Wallingford Cor. Maysville Independent: "Miss Hazel Carpenterhas returned home from Paris ....Mr. Lucien Hinton came down fromTaris to visit his father, J. N. Hinton." Mr. and Mrs. Walter Whitaker,of Cynthiana,' Mrs. Jas. Hedges, ofLexington, and Mrs. Robert Green, ofHelena, Montana, were recent guestsof Mr. and Mrs. D. G. Taylor, at theirhome near Paris.Mr. Frank Lenihan was broughthome Saturday from St. Joseph's Hospital, in Lexington, where he hasbeen under treatment several weeksfor blood poisoning. Mr. Lenihan isgreatly improved.--Mrs. -Maria Prall Mason, of Danville, is visiting Misses Lutie andWinnie Williams, on Pleasant street.Mrs. Mason will go to Cleveland, O.,for a visit to her son, Mr. CharlesMason, before she returns to Danville. Mr. and Mrs. Clyde Nelson, ofSharpsburg, Mr. "and Mrs. Chas. B.Nelson and son, Charles B. Nelson,Jr., of Winchester, have jeturned totheir respective homes after a visit toMr. and Mrs. J. R. Wilson, in EastParis.Winchester Daily Sun: "MissEelle Ogden, of Paris, is visiting Mrs.0. S. Johnson .... Mr. and Mrs. Wallace Reese and Master WallaceReese, Jr., of Maysville, arrivedTuesday to visit Mr. and Mrs. JohnReese. They were met in Paris byMr. and Mrs. V. W. Bush, whobrought them from there in his car..... Mr. Henry Thompson attendedcourt at Paris, Monday. . . .Miss Nannie Brent O'Neill, of Paris, spentMonday in Winchester with hercousin, Mrs. J. T. Hazlerigg, on SouthMaple street."(Other Personals on Page 5.)"DEW DROP INN" AT LEXINGTON OPERA HOUSE."Dew Drop Inn' is the title of anew musical romance which comes toLexington Opera House this comingweek, beginning Monday night, Oct.8, for four performances, three nightsand Wednesday matinee, with Percival Knight, who is best remember-ed as the delightful comedian in "TheArcadians," as the star. The plot ofthis new success which has just hada four months' run in Chicago, is anintensely interesting one, in fact, Chicago critics admitted that withoutthe music, the comedy itself, if playedstraight, would prove a real evening'sentertainment. The authors of thebook and lyrics-are John E. Hazzard,who has already notable successes tohis credit, and Mr. Knight, who hassubscribed much of the wit to thelyrics, whie the music is by A. Baldwin Sloane, who has a genius for creating music that has body, depth,richness and originality. (adv)m mII Frank & Go. I'- -,. . -. Betm Prlc $2.00;$3.00, $5;00 ,,B " ' -?-r. v , V- r HtjBflHflHHHMiBHlHIIIIiBHHHiVpHViHIHHlMBIlHfllllBBflll rvs, - - 4vmF. O. B. FACTORYA motor truck must submit, and PASS,the acid test of COST,That is the test we want you to apply tothe one-ton Maxwell truck its first costand its operating cost.A Maxwell truck which is a REAL truck,worm-driven sells at a price that can notbe met in any other motor vehicle of likeefficiency, durability, and economy.A Maxwell truck will cover 100 miles ina work day twice the distance coveirecTbytwo teams ' and two drivers.It will do this at an operating cost of lessthan that of one team of horses.Moreover, it is of a size and capacityadaptedlo the needs of ilnibst eveiy form andphase of commerce, industry, or farming. ,The question is riot, "Can I afford' to havea Maxwell truck?"The FACT is, Mr. Business Man, you cannot afford to be without one.One-ton Truck Chassis $865; Chassiswith cab and windshield $900? Chassiswith cab, windshield, andStake GateBody $950.A. V. DOUGLASHigh St., Near Eighth Paris, Kentuckyfcr-l.0COMMITTEES BUSY ARRANGINGFOR SUNDAY SCHOOLCONVENTION.The various Sunday school committees appointed to make complete arrangements for the entertainment ofthe many visitors from all over thei State who will be in Maysville thismonth to attend the State SundayConvention, have been very busy during" the past few'weeks getting" thinglined up for the convention. It isunderstood that; the committees have.everything ready to entertain a record-breaking.crowd andj it is hoped!that the Maysville convention willbreak air records for attendance atsimilar conventions.The Paris and Bourbon countyschools are making arrangements tosend a large delegation ttq this con-'jvention. several iiourDon countySunday school workers are' xm theprogram. . . .r -, vf TrBtforVmarrljuct W tArV wantto, write lettwra, -jmtfif ter MwHage IMASONS PLAN BELIEF WORK At- CONVENTION.Plans for war relief work for members of the Masonic order with the.American expeditionary forces overseas were set in motion by BartonSmith, of Toledo, Ohio, SovereignGrand Commander, at the opening ofthe 105th session of the Supreme,Council of the Ancient AcceptedScottish Rite in the Masonic Temple,in New York.In his annual address Mr. Smith"spoke of the large 'number of FreeMasons who will engage in the warand declared it was the duty of theorder to "relieve one monotony oftheir life" and do everything human- MRS. SMITH RECOMMENDS C2AM-ly possible for their care and comfort and for their relatives. Despitethe extra burden of this work everyFree Mason, he urged;shouId continueto support other charitable organizations now engaged in war relief.Sir ; John M. Gibson, of Hamilton,Ont., former Governor of Ontario andPast Sovereign Grand Commander forCanada, was officially received andwelcomed.BERLAIN'S TABIETSrWhen the devil finds a busy manhe goes away on tiptoe.It is easier to love an enemy afteryou get the better of him."I have had more or less stomaek --vtrouble for eight or ten years writW -Mrs.G. H. Smith, 3rewerton, N'Yi A"When suffering from attacks ot im?digestion and heaviness after timgone or two of Chamberlain' Talfcr - .have always relieved me. t I-harra!- -'vfound them a pleasant laxitfr.! -Thesetablets tone up the -soiaaek " "and enable it to perform ita function -naturally. If you are trouble irttk "indigestion give them a trial, get -wtXtand stay well. " "(advoct)mirrmfREALG Oil UfllXMeans Buy Your Winter Supplyof Necessary Clothing Now. fWhen the time comes foe us to replenish our stockprices will be greatly advanced. Present prices onMen's and Boys Suits, Overcoats, Underwear, Shoes,EtcV, are very, reasonable at our store.LET US HELP YOU SAE!-L.A ..-. -. . - v.. c " . - . - . i. - .-- im zfm ' X i, i - - - i. . r - .rf i - -. -T - r. .. !- . m -- J. J- 'T . 1 .i . m IT k.iI T win Bros, aothitig and Sho i 1Af13notkimc but check-wili do.,wmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmMmmmmmm --.i- JteJMr ,3jj "? !;. rnm ''- fJrrilTiiv''iii-T.ir , -aT" ' &w"nJUi. " - 1 JJSF MMtffiHSSU7-3E2T'?iS-14"rtJtWCFOGlUSWESS KEN WIN VOLLEYBALL GAME.The Business Men's Volley Ballteam, composed of Dr. D. S. Henry,liewis Meglone, Thos. Smith and Wm.3ryan defeated the ProfessionalMen's team, composed of Dr. HarryMathers, Pref. E. T. Proctor, D. D.Cline and Prof. Chas. White, in agafne played Monday night at the Y.M. C. A. gymnasium. The score atthe end of the game stood 3 to 1 infavor of the Business Men's team.The last of the series will be playednext Monday night. As this will bethe deciding se't.of the series, fur willEurely fly. Both sides are confidentof whining. For any information asto who the winner will be, ask"Buddy" Mathers and "Bill" Bryan.If you 'want to see "some" excitinggames of Volley Ball be on handMonday night with your "holler"working and "root" for your favorite.The games will be called at 7:15.When the whistle blows for the finals,the line-up will be as follows.Professional Men Mathers, Cline,Proctor and White.Business Men Bryan, Henry, Meglone and Smith..Official Referee, C. 0. Hinton;linemen, McCord and Wilcox; Scorekeeper, Rice.mBEAL ESTATE DEALS'Mr. Tolliver Young has purchasedof Mi. Charles C. Clarke, one hundredand fifty acres of the J. Hal Woodford-farm, on the North Middletownpike, which recently passed to theownership of Mr. Clarke. The pricepaid was not stated. 'Mr. H. S. Caywood purchasedundivided one-half interest of hispartner, Mr. Isaac Reynolds, in theTracey place, adjoining Mr. B. K.Thomas' farm, near North Middletown, at a private price. Mr. Caywood later sold the farm, containing170 acres, to Mr. Edward Simms, ofHouston, Texas, who will add it tohis fine country estate, "Xalapa," onthe North Middletown and Parispike. The purchase price was notmade public. This now gives Mr.Simms an estate equal to the famousElmendorf, Lexington's show place.Mr. W. D. Mclntyre, of Millersburg, and Mr. Hal Price Headley, ofLexington, have purchased 863 acresof the Elemndorf farm from the Jas.B. Haggin estate. This land lies-onhoth sides of the Maysville pike,about one mile north of the Elmendorf Dairy plant. It was previouslyknown as the Kerr and Harp farms.Messrs. Mclntyre and Kerr purchasedthe land with a view of subdividingit into smaller farms and selling oneasy terms to men who will cultivatethem. The price paid for the landas not made public.ONLY A PEW LEFT.Only a small block of Bourbon Oil&. Development Co.'s stock left at 50cents per share. (2-2t)CLUB MEETINGS.The Progress Culture Club held itsregular meeting at the home of Mrs.Frank O'Neill, on High street, Wednesday afternoon at 2:30 o'clock.An interesting program was rendered.A report was given of the proceedings of the State Federation of Clubsheld at Fulton, in Jane. Mrs. Fanniebelle Sutherland, Mrs. FrederickWallis and Mrs. J. T. yansant discussed the work of the Red Cross.In a most interesting'way Mrs. Cates-vy wwaiora 101a or letters irom ayoung American soldier in France tohis chum, telling of the life "overthere. Mrs. Fanniebelle Suthrelandalso addressed the members of theClub on the subject of "Food Conservation," and the scope of the workrequired by the Women's Branch ofthe National Council of Defense.Mrs. J. T. Vansant gave an interesting account of the graduating exercises of the Nurses' class at the Massie Memorial Hospital held last Friday night.The Paris Literary Club met at thesamehour at the home of MissesLutie and Winnie Williams, onPleasant street. A club program ofunusual interest was presented, participated in by members of the organization. The North Middletown Woman'sClub has resumed its regular meetings, after the summer vacation. Thetopic chosen for discussion is "Geography," which promises to furnishthe members with a great deal to doduring the coming winter. At thelast meeting the Club was favoredwith an address on.Kentucky by1fM TTT m T ...! T r. .B. nr. x. ueuy, oi xmgion.MAIN STREET PROPERTYAT AUCTIONSATURDAY, OCTOBER 13th J.AT 2:3f P. M.Lwili sell at, public auctionm, uic mi.mr uuwqwo pivpcuj UClWWJn- OIXIB ,MH1 BeVentnnow occupied by Albert Anthoit as a.meatuiarket.MiilttiM bet jocatioiiin.thiaf.RELIGIOUS. "Rev. E. E. Jackson, the new pastor, will preach at Hutchison Chapelnext Sunday morning and night.The Endeavor Society of theFresbyterian church will meet Sunday evening at 6:45 at the courthouse. The subject will be, "Christ'sYoke; What It Is and How to WearIt." Leader, John Dundon.Rev. G. R. Combs, pastor of theMethodist church, will occupy hispulpit Sunday at 10:45 a. m. and7:30 p. m. Sunday school at 9:30 a.m. Epworth League at 6:30 p. m.The services will be a consecrationmeeting. Leader, Mr. Edgar Tingle.The public is cordially invited.The Presbyterian church willhold services in the court house, Sunday morning at 10:45 o'clock and,Sunday night at 7:30 o'clock. Thetheme for the morning service willbe, "The Heavens Declare the Gloryof God." The night subject will-be"Two Thousand Swine."The Endeavor Society of theChristian church will meet in thechurch parlor at 6:30 o'clock Sundayevening. Subject will be: "Christ'sYoke What It Is and How to WearIt." Leader, Miss Elizabeth Clark.The Woman's Society of the churchwill meet next Tuesday afternoon inthe church at 2:30 o'clock.Mrs. Thomas W. Allen and Mrs.Logan Howard made interesting addresses at the meeting of the YoungWomen's Mission Circle of the Christian church, held Tuesday afternoonwith Mrs. W. H. Cannon, on Cypressstreet. After the transaction ofroutine business, ices and individualcakes were served x by the hostess.Four new members were enrolled.Rev. Goldsmith, who recently accepted the call to the pastorate of theParisBaptist church, will preach hisfirst sermon to the congregation atthe morning service next Sunday.Rev. Goldsmith will move from Millersburg Monday to apartments onFifth street. Rev. Goldsmith is aminister of power and eloquence, andwill be given a cordial reception here.The Collis-Boatright evangelistic meeting at Mt. Sterling is attracting v record-breaking crowds. Otherchurches have dismissed fheir congregations in order that they might attend jhe Sunday services. The songservice under the direction of Mr. A.L. Boatright, of Paris, has been oneof the leading features of the meetings. Mr. Boatright's solos have been,well received. The meeting will extend over next Sunday.1B-4 PI REInsure withW.O.HINTON &SON,Agts1 to toBIG MRE IN CINCINNATI ELECTBICAI CONCERN.A fire of unknown origin damagedthe big plant of the Post-Glover-ElectricCompany, on Fourth street,in Cincinnati, early Wednesday morning, to the extent of $300,000. Theloss is covered by insurance, according to statements made to the officialsby officials of the Company.Damage to the building, which isowned by the Fleischmans, is estimated at $15,000. Investigations developed the fact that the fire originated in the sixth floor of the thefourth street building. The fire isbelieved by the police and firemen tohave been of incendiary origin.Great interest centers in the investigations which is to be continued fromthe fact that thejoncern was engaged in working" on a big Governmentcontract for electrial supplies.The' fire was in the immediateneighborhood of where "former Parispeople, Mr, and Mrs. Frank WShackleford, reside". The LombardyFlats near them, was damaged bysmoke and water, but untouched bythe fire.Fire, Wind and LightningInsurance.Thomas, Woodford & Bryan.to to toLOCAL MAN TO SPEAK IN FAl'MOUTH CHURCH.Dennis V. Snapp, President of Kentucky Conference Epworth League,will speak at the Falmouth Methodistchurch, Sunday night on 'The BigDrive The Call of the Best." TheFalmouth League has planned for bigRally Day .services and representatives from Covington and otherneighboring towns will be present.The meeting will be theflrst of theyear devoted' to the bCe drive for newT.paemAS nnr! .a. lare-Ar 'ipapriio momJior.-..-o- -o "v""'v'snIp in tne Kentucky Conference.for the administratrix, on theblock for fututevtf&ranfeO. COWARDSv i a -rrAtefor Mm. W. H. AswhrmiLlTHE BOmSftON NBWS, P AWfl, KT.EOR CONSERVATIVE INVESTORS.The conservative investor is buying Bourbon Oil & Development Costock at 50 cents. (2-2t)FOR SALELight spring wagon in No. 1 condition. A bargain.THOS. H. BUTLER,(5-lt) East Paris.Removal Notice. ,Mrs. Victor Whitridge has removedto 410 High Street, where she will bepleased to see her millinery customers. (lt)pd)Farms For SaleIn Henry and Shelby Counties C. W. Bruce, RealEstate Agent, New Castle,Ky., Office Over Bank.No. 1-234 acres four miles fmmNew Castle, in Henry County,on good pike, has five roomdwelling, two tenant houses,two large barns, fencing andother improvements reasonably good, in good neighborhood, good, strong land, abargain.- Price, $75.00 peracre.No. 2 160 acres, 34 miles fromNew Castle, in Henry County,on good pike, has a six-roomdwelling, tenant house, newtobacco barn, 1 combinedbarn, fencing and other improvements good. This isgood strong land, in a goodneighborhood; appearance ofplace rather sightly. Price,j.j.u. uu per acre.-242 acres, four miles fromNo. 3-New Castle, in Henry County,on good pike, in a "splendidfarming section and neighborhood, has a good two-storyeight-room dwelling, twolarge barns, fencing and otherimprovements good; land in ahigh state of cultivation, niii-. ty tobacco land that is good.Price, $125.00 per acre.No. 4 113 acres, four miles fromNew Castle, in HenryCounty, on good pike, in splendid farming community, has asix-room dwelling, tenanthouse, large barn. This isgood, strong land for tobaccoand corn. Price, $110.00 peracre-No. 5 133 acres 1 miles from Newrjasue, in .uenry County, onmain pike, splendidly located,has a seven-room dwelling,two good barns, fencing andother improvements good.This is good, strong land, verydesirable as to land and location. Price, $110.00 per acre.No. 6 127 acres 1 miles from Eminence, in Henry County, ona good pike, 1 miles fromrailroad, splendid location andneighborhood; has a modernseven-room dwelling, tenanthouse, two barns, other improvements good, land good,very desirable farm. Price,$140.00 per acre.No. 7 113 acres, two miles from Eminence, in Henry County, ongood pike, mile from railroad, in a good farming section and neighborhood; has atwo-story dwelling, sevenrooms, tenant house, twobarns. This is one of the bestfarms In Henry County, in ahigh state of cultivation, firstclass land,- the best of carehas been taken of this farm.Price, .$152.50 per acre.No. 8 157 acres, two miles from Eminence, in Henry County, ongood pike; has a six-roomdwelling, tenant house, ormlarge barn. This farm is suitable for a stqck or dairy farm,not strong tobacco land. Price,$100.00 per acre.No. 9 62 acres, four miles from Em-. inence, in Henry County, ongood pike in good neighborhood, has a seven-room, twostory dwelling, one born, other improvements first-class, asplendid little farm. Price,$130.00 per acre.No. 10 145 acres, two miles from. Eminence and two miles fromNew Castle, in Henry County,on a splendid pike; has a two-story new dwelling, eightrooms, tenant house, twor barns, fencing good, very desirably located and goodstrong land. Price, $150.00per acre.11 265 acres, 4 miles fromNew Castle and 2 (milesNo.irom rauroaa, on good pike,in good neighborhood, has a2-stffry eight-room dwelling.tenant house, one large combined barn, fencing and otherimprovements reasonably goodThis land groves good tobaccoand corn, & good farm for themoney. Price, $85.00 per acre.No.vl2 165 acres, one mile fromNew Castle, in Henry County,on good pike, in good neighborhood, has a seven-roombrick dwelling, two barns,other Improvements reasona-bly good. This land producesgood tobacco and corn, asplendid farm for this monev:belongs to heirs that do notlive here now. Will h roMajargatn. "Price, $75.00 peracre.''Nol?jiMr.g,'four miles- from-J jfCaJtle.rin- Henry Couity;ft fop4ik; luuT two-atoryf ram?; -dwelling eigttriow,-tat house, two barms, otfcirftayoTwaantg good. This featproduces good, not he strongest. Owner drafted in 'army,leaves soon; for sale if sold "soon. Price, $80.00 per acre.T0 i4lio5 acres, three miles fro'mEminence, in Henry County,on good pike and community;has a new five-room dwelling,new barn, good fencing, agood little farm, good land.Price, $12,000.00.No. 15 150 acres, four miles fromNew Castle, in Henry County,on good pike, mile of dirtroad to main pike, has a two-Jstory eight-room dwelling, twobarns, other improvementsgood; rather 'a sightly place,not the strongest land, butproduces good crops. Price,$73.50 per acre. INo. 16 80 acres, mile of NewCastle, in Henry County, on"good pike; has a seven-room jdwelling," two barns, fencing .and other improvements good, (very aesiraoiy locaiea, a gooalittle farm. Price, $7,500.00.No. 17 48 acres, one mile from NewCastle, in Henry County, has!a four-room cottage, one barn,good fencing. This land isgood, strong land, in splendidfarming section. Price, $100per acre.No. 18 90 acres, five miles from NewCastle, in Henry County, onpike; has tenant house, onebarn, other improvementsonly fair,-6ome of the land alittle tired, lots of locust posts,some medium size timber, 30acres to be cleared up, goodproducing land. Price, $55.00per acre.No. 19 59 acres, 3 miles fromNew Castle, in Henry County,on good pike, in good neighborhood? has a six-room dwelling, new, one barn, reasonably good fences, not thestrongest tobacco land. Price,$4,250.00.No. 20 110 acres, one mile of Campbellsville and one mile of railroad, in Henry County, on agood pike, in splendid neigh-, borhood, has a' seven-roomdwelling, tenant house, twobarns, other improvements,good, first-class land, in goodstate of cultivation. Price,$110.00 per acre.No. 21 325 acres, mile of Eminence, in Henry County, onsplendid pike, has no maindwelling, two tenant houses,three splendid barns, wellfenced, owner lives in town.This is a good investment; onL. & N. railroad; this is notthe strongest land; growsgood stuff. Price, $105.00 peracre.'No. 22 400 acres, three miles fromEminence, in Henry County,on good pike, has a two-storyeight-room dwelling, tenanthouse, three new barns. Thisis not first-class tobacco land,but produces ' good. Price,SRK.00 nr acre. There is 185i " a it r iv7 ;::: iv-i icikbe bougM for a llttfel' 'M ' ' '' '' tl I III IIImore money per acre if pur-chaser wants more land.I No. 23 175 atfres, 1 miles fromSimpsonville, in Shelby County, has a four-room dwelling,two barns, 1 miles fromelectric railway and 1miles ofL. & N. railroad.Party that owns has other business, has a dairy herd onfarm which is for sale, alsogrowing crops. Any one interested could do no betterthan investigate into thisproposition." There issome timber on this farm.Price. $15,000.00.No. 24 537 acres, and 100 acresjust across road on good pike,four miles from New Castle, inHenry Counts'-, in good neighborhood, and in a first-classfarniing section, has a tenroom, two-story dwelling, fivetenant houses, six tobacco.barns, two feed barns, fencinggood. This is good strongland, in good state of cultivation, rather a sightly place.Price, $140.00 per acre.No. 25 400 to 700 acres, 2 milesof Eminence, three miles of- Pleasure ville, in Henry County, has a nine-room dwelling,two stories, tenant houses,nice barns, under good fences,very desirable as to richnessof soil and in the best of' farming community, no betterin Henry and Shelby counties.Price, $160.00 per acre.No. 26 212 acres, 2 miles fromNew, Castle, in Henry County,on good main pike; has a twostory eight-room dwelling, twotenant houses, three barns,fencingand other improvements "good, in splendidneighborhood and farmingsection, a very desirable andsightly place, good, stronglanthPrice, $140.00 per acre.No. 27 185 acres, 4 miles fromEminence and eight milesfrom Shelbyville, in ShelbyCounty, on good pike, in asplendid neighborhood,, has anine-room two-story dwelling,two tenant houses, two barns,fencing and other improvements good. This is good,strong land, and in a splendidfartming section. Price $140.00per acre.No. 28 208 acres, one mile fromNew Castle and three milesfrom Eminence, in HenryCounty, on a splendid pikeand very desirably located,has an eight-room brick dwelling, tenant-house, two tobaccobarns, fencing and other improvements good. This farmis first-class, strong land.Price; $150.00 per 'acre.No.29 185 acres, mile from NewCastle, in Henry County, ongood pike, has a new sevenroom, two-story-dwelling, ten-,ant house, two barns, fencingand other Improvements, good.., This Is a good producing. farm;!v v , grows tobacco and, corn, theV' cbftf mojrbwing.will nke- It toCl2 barrels this-year per.acre; ,vr aMraBiy locate.- - rii$125.Qd pr acre.-No.-30-7-117 acres, 4rs miles fromNew Castle, in. Henry Couatr,)frsHHIIIMimihlMimilllllllllllHIIIIMIIIIIlMFRANK C& CO.The Reliable StoreANNOUNCETHEY ARE NOW SHOWINGThe Latest .ModesINFall and WinterReady-to-Wear GarmentsFor Ladies, Misses and ChildrenSerge and Satin DressesSuits For Ladies and Misses;Coats For Ladies,Skirts ofCrepe and Georgette WaistsFOR SCHOOL GIRLSSEEJACK TAR MIDDIESNEW GINGHAM DRESSESPRICES REASONABLECOME IN AND SEEFRANK C&' CO.on good pike, farm is mileon a cross pike from mainpike, has a seven-room dwelling, two tenant houses, threegood barns, under good fencing. This farm has had thebest care taken of same; in ahigh state of cultivation, veryfew better, in splendid farming community. The man thatgrabs this one will never regret it. Price, $110.00 per acre,,No. 31 Sold.No. 32 124 acres, one "mile fromPleasureville, in Henry County, on good pike, and on railroad; has a two-story, eightroom dwelling tenant house,large barn, fencing good. Thisfarm is good, strong land Insplendid farming section.Price, $135.00 per acre.No. 33 83 acres, one mile from Eminence, in .uenry uounty, ongood pike, has a seven-roomdwelling, tenant house, twobarns, .good apple orchard,other improvements good.This is a good little farm welllocated. Price, $140.00 peracre.No. 34 82 acres, 1 miles from Eminence, in Henry County, ongood pike; has a seven-roomnew dwelling, servant house,one barn, fencing and other-improvements good, a good lit-- tie farm. Price, $10,000.00.No. 35 276 acres, one mile fromBuckner's Station, close torailroad and electric line, ongood pike, has a two-story,nine-room dwelling, tenanthouse, one large barn and onesmall barn, good fencing andsome timber; good propositionfor the money; located good,only about fifteen miles fromLouisville. Price, $75.00 peracre.No. 36 187 acres, 1 miles fromEminence, Ky., in ShelbyCounty; on splendid pike, hasan eight-room brick dwelling,servant nouse, two Darns,fencing and other improvements good, splendidly located. This is good strong landIn splendid state of cultivation. Price, $175.00 per acre.No. 37 218 acres, 1 miles fromEminence, in Henry County,on a splendid pike; .has amodern ten -room - framedwelling, servant house,tenant house, threebarns, fencing and other improvements good. This is agood farm, a very 'attractiveplace and very desirably located. Price, 30,000.00.No. 38, 107 acres, 14 miles fromNew Castle, in Henry County,on good pike; has a sevenroom; two-story dwelling, tenant house, 'one large combined- -barn, fencing goo4-ajd otherlmprpvements goocu xnis iarmI is Ina good state-of cultfva-tionarfd is -welt -Jocatsd.ErrwC $100.00 Mr,rs: " " 'No. 3 208 acres," 4 mile f roar New.; k 'Castle; iii Henry County, oaf . :. ldi ilke; has an eifht-J- - oitt ftrick house, three barmsFRIDAY, OCTOBER , If 1ftBBBESSSSSSBmSmttIMisses' and ChildrenAll KindsI III I I III!J'iand silo,, fencing and otherimprovements good. Thisfarm is in a good state of cultivation, good land, very de- sirably located. Price, $150.00per acre.No. 40 96 acres, four miles fromNew Castle, Henry County, onpike; has a seven-room framedwelling, tenant house, twobarns, fencing and other improvements good. This farmis not the strongest tobaccoland. Price, $90.00 per acre.No. 41 125 acres, one mile fromNew Castle, in Henry County,on a splendid pike; has a seven-roombrick dwelling, fenant house,- two barns, otherimprovements good. This isgood, strong land, in a goodstate of cultivation, and mostdesirably located. Price,, ' $135.00 per are.No. 42 426 acres, two mile! fromNew Castle and two milesfrom Eminence, in HenryCounty, on a splendid pike;has a nine-room brick dwelling, servant house, three tenant houses, four barns, otherimprovements good. This isgood producinsr land, in first-class condition, a very attrac. tive farm and splendidly located. Price, $150.00 peracre.No. 43 365 acres, two miles fromNew Castle, in Henry County,on splendid pike; has a nineroom frame dwelling, servanthouse, tenant house, threebarns, other improvementsgood. This is a good farmland, in a high state of cultivation, a very desirable placeand splendidly located. Price,$150.00 per acre.No. 44 408 acres, 1 miles fromNew Castle, on. good pike, inHenry County; has a six-roomdwelling, two tenant houses,two tobacco and" two feedbarns, one silo, other improvements good. This is" good producing land, in a good state ofcultivation, desirably located,the place to make money.This land all lays well.Price, $80.00 per acre.No. 45 506 acres, 4 miles frontNew Castle, and three milesfrom L. &. .railroad, in HenryCounty, on good pike; has a. nine-room' two-story framedwelling, three tenant houses,one large tobacco barn, twofeed barns, two silos, fencing:and other improvements good.This is a splendid farm land ina high state of cultivation,some of land a little rolling, avery desirable place. Price,.$100.006er acre.LNo. 46 202 'acres, mile frontPleasureville, in Henry County, on railroad; has a two11story; nine-room dweUiag, servant'and teaant house,, twe-to-.; baccoand twofeed barai;fencing ad other 'iajn-cnrte-;meats "good This . ie.ffo4;trot Taadfin er ef tJliebeet" faepaiag coatawuiitiee,well located, kusd. i a geee?-seate of euttiratto. Prlee,H.0 per nerta v -:FRIDAY, OfcTOBE 5; 3J1T.JHK BOOTTBW NE W8, PAJtK,$msSBSRRk1 -tsp.n J k . i i. 'vyFOR THE BESTNOTHING ELSESOCIAL AND PERSONAL.Comiags and Goings of -Our" People Here, There andElsewhere.WHEAT, RYETIMOTHY SEED.We have asupply of OhioGrownFultz Wheat of veryfine Quality. Alsoseed rye and timothyseed, all recleanedand tested.CHAS. S. BRENT & BRO(septl4-7t)THE POTTEE SHOE CO., CINCINNATI, OHIO.Will exhibit a complete line of thesmartest types of Fall and "Winterfootwear at the Windsor Hotel, Monday and Tuesday, October 8 and 9.We extend a most cordial invitationto the people of Paris and vicinity tocall and inspect same.E. L. Franken in charge,(octo-lt)Mrs. J. W. Hayden hasStanford for a -week's visitrone to1 1PUBLIC SENTTNG.Read the advertisement in thisissue of THE NEWS of the publicrenting of the Clay lands. About 730acres of good land belonging to Jos.H. Clay, Miss Letitia Clay and Geo.Clay will be publicly rented at thecourt house door, in Paris at eleveno'clock a. m.f on Saturday, October13, by Judge H. Clay Howard, andFrank M. Clay, Committee and Truslee for the above.IS IS JSPASENT-TEACHERS' ASSOCIATION TO MEET MONDAY.The first regular meeting of theyear of the Parent-Teachers' Association will be held Monday afternoonat three o'clock in the Paris CitySchool building. Dr. Martha Petreewill address the members on the subject of the physical examination ofpupils which is now being held.A cordial invitation is extended toall interested in this work to attendthis meeting.OVERCOATS OF STYLEWARMTH.All wool materials only. Our showing at $20 to $25 is really remarkable. J. W. DAVIS & CO.ANDltives.Mrs. Bettie G. Bedford has returned from a visit to Mrs. "Lnn 7)limited jHogers, in Georgetown.Miss Mary Allen Hutchcraft,who has been very ill with typhoidfever, is nearly recovered.Mrs. Charles N. Posner has returned home after spending severalweeks with relatives in Cincinnati.Mrs. Frank O'Neill left yesterdayfor a months' visit to her son, Mr.Wm. O'Neill, and Mrs. O'Neil, inDayton, Ohio.Rev. Julian McClinfock and wife,oi" near Richmond, were guests Tuesday of Dr. and Mrs. W. R. Franklin,on High street.Mrs. W. L. Davis, who has beena guest of her sister, Mrs. John T.Hinton, and Mayor Hinton, has goneto Danville and Louisville to visitfriends and relatives before returningto her home in Columbia, South Carolina. Mr. and .Mrs. T,-H. Barclay andson, Robert, of, San Diego, California,are guests at the Hotel Windsor, andvisiting relatives in the county. Theymotored through from Detroit, Mich.,and will spend several days in thissection.Messrs. J. .L. Schunk, D. CBreeze, of Cleveland O., H. P. Younger,. Edwin Brown and Carl Schenk, ofCircleville, O., prominent turfmen,spent Thursday morning in Paris enroute in their auto to the fall trottin meeting at Lexington.Mr. Buckner Woodford, cashierof the Bourbon-Agricultural Bank &Trust Co., attended the meeting ofthe State Bankers' Association, heldin .Louisvme, weanesaay. Me wasaccompanied by Mrs. Woodford andMr. and Mrs. Albert Hinton, the tripbeing made by automobile.Relatives and friends here haveleceived beautifully engraved cardsfrom Mr. and Mrs. Tolliver Young, ofNorth Middletown, announcing thebirth of their lovely daughter onSeptember 17. To the card was attached the baby's card with whitesatin ribbon. Mrs. Young was formerly Miss Myrtle Hawkins, a charming Lexington girl.The following post-card invitations have been issued from Lexington: "Annual Autumn Dance, Musicby Wright's Saxophone Quartet, ofColumbus, Ohio, Friday evening, October 12, 1917, Phoenix Hotel, Subscription $1.50. Hours 8 to 1:30.W. P. Walton, Jr. Due to the recentruling of the management of thePhoenix Hotel requiring all dances tostop at 1:30 o'clock, there will be nointermission, and every effort will bemade to start this dance promptly."(Other Personals on Page 3)CELESTIAL PHEB0MEVA ATTRACT CONSIDERABLE- ATTEMTIOH."Star-gazers" and belated nightworkers who were out lateTuesdaynight had the rare good fortune towitness a wonderful sight in theLO rcla'ttVionTranc rPo ficriTra i"kf a nrncc nlain.ly outlined before the face of theAND-.BUY BEFORE THE ADVANCE.If you want to get Bourbon Oil &Development Cos stock at 50 cents,buy now before the advance in price.(2-2t)151DELEGATES TO GRAND LODGEThe following delegates from Bourbon Lodge L 0. O. F., to the meetingof the Grand Lodge, I. 0. O. F., ofKentucky, which will convene atMiddlesboro this year, will leaveParis next Tuesday, to attend thesessions: Lawrence M. VanHook,Judge E. B. January, A. T. Wright,M. B. Lovell, Wm. S. Chisholm, Wm.A. Lail, John H. Doty, Dr. Frank M.Faries, Sam L. Ewalt, Homer D. Shyand George M. Rose."TAG DAY."A GOOD PROPOSITION.To-morrow (Saturday) will be "TagDay" for the benefit of 'the BourbonCounty Health and Welfare-League.You will be asked to contribute asmall sum toward the League's workand to wear a tag. Members of theLeague will be on duty at variouspoints throughout the city, readywith tags and a grateful smile to receive and acknowledge your contribution to the cause. This is & localwork for a local need, and noneshould fail to respond.Miss Harriet Minaker, VisitingNurse for the League, will be in heroffice in rooms over Varden & Son'sdrug store on the same day to receivecontributions of clothing, shoes, etc.,for the poor and needy.Be proud and prompt to wear a tagfor the League work. It's worthwhile.Call at our office 411 Main street,Paris, Ky., and talk over our investment proposition at 50 cents pershare.BOURBON OIL & DEVELOPMENTCOMPANY. (2-2t)r. r. p.field's for Fall Fashionable Footwear.(oct5-tf)li 1i aBRIDGE CLOSED TO TRAFFICThe old wooden bridge over StonerCreek at the foot of Main street, isclosed to traffic while repairs are being made by the contractors, whohave the work in charge. Concretewill replace the crumbling rock abutments and the structure will be thoroughly strengthened, according to theterms of the contract with thecounty.While the work is in progress vehicles will have to cross Stoner Creekbelow the bridge at a shallowford,which will be temporarily bridged forthe accommodation of traffic.BOWLING ALLEYS TO OPEN SATURDAY.The opening of the bowling seasonin Paris will take place to-morrow,when he Fordham Alleys will bethrown open 'to players and spectators. A number of important improvements have been made in thealleys, tending to contribute to thecomfort and convenienceof the patrons. The alleys will be open earlySaturday morning and the old familiar sound oMhe "ball on the roll"will be heard again. Through theseason games will be arranged between teams representing Paris andother cities, also the City Leaguegames will be arranged.moon was watched with great interest by many citizens from the time ofits discovery about nine o'clock, until it faded away several hours later.The appearance of the celestial phenomenon was the cause of much speculation among the spectators, all ofwhom agreed upon one point, that itwas something very much out of theordinary. In the afternoon previousto this wonderful display a doublerainbow spanned the skies, the latter, according to an old colored manwhose attention had been called to it,being a "sure sign of peace."About 4:30 o'clock in the afternoonas the sun approached the westernhorizon it was partly" obscured byclouds, and at the same time two"sun dogs" appeared, one to thesouth of the sun, and the other "tothe north. Both were some distancefrom the sun, but on a direct linewith it, and had the appearance ofbeing additional suns.An explanation of the phenomenawas given by a local scientist andweather observer, who stated thatthe cross was caused by the intersection of two fragmentary lunar halos,which are composed of frozen moistclouds are composed of frozen moisture, and are in the form of octagonalprisms. These halos are reflectionsfrom cirrus clouds. Oldtime weather prophets always looked upon halosas warnings of bad weather or. . i istorms, but such predictions are nowdisregarded.IS IS IBtELECTION OF SCHOOL .TRUSTEES.At the office of Miss Mabel Robbins,County Superintendent of Schools, inthe court house to-morrow afternoonfrom one to five o'clock, an electionof school trustees for the followingsub-divisions will be held: Educational Division No. 1, sub-divisionNo. 4; Educational Division No. 2,sub-division No. 1, 2 and 4; Educational Division No. 3, districts Nos. 1,4 and 5; Educational Division No. 5,sub-districts Nos. 2 and 3; Educational District No. 6, sub-districts Nos.1, 3 and 5.SPECIAL FOR ONE WEEK.For one week only we will cleanlarge white fur sets for $1.50, anddark colored furs for $1.00.ELECTRIC DRY CLEANING CO.(5-tf)D. A. R. MEETING.The last regular meeting for thefall season.- wilt be held by the members of Jemima Johnson Chapter, DA. R.. at the home of Misses Lutieand Winnie Williams, on Pleasantstreet, to-morrow (Saturday) afternoon, at two o'clock. The time ofthe meeting will be mainly devotedto reorganization and outlining plansfor future meetings.m m mFOR SALE.Choice recleanedSeed Wheat, Rye andBarley; also TimothySeed. Get our pricesbefore buying.R. B. HUTCHCRAfT & CO.(oct2-6t)PARIS BOYS ASK FOR MAGAZINESAND PAPERS.VIN0I,For sale bv Oberdorfer, the druggist. - (5-2t)HEALTH AND WELFARE LEAGUEMEETING." There was a large attendance yesterday afternoon at the regularinonthly meeting of the BourbonCoumty Health and Welfare League,and great -interest was manifestedin the proceedings. The meeting washeld at 2:30 o'clock in the county-eourt room.- -Thi binj the first meeting ofrtkejrwu" ffce Yriacijml kusin trans-mcta was te:9ftyea of the yearly4m y theiaMMttrs. Plans wereTctUiJtorTtk Saarr&aae of "TagDay" to Morrow, a4 committeesjmmt Kf itotii top ckargt of;ar-CMDQNLAMPSJUNKKma vmmslmA xflmmmwkj Wm-'mKmmmmmttPl 4mUECONOMIZE!tor OnThe Paris boys who are stationedin various barnches of the army andTsaw RArvfp.ft in all uarts of Americaare close readers of th newspapers-; free.This is especially so when they getTHE BOURBON NEWS.Not long ago we had a notice inregard to boys in the army and navyasking that books, magazines andpapers be sent them. The followingletter from a former Paris boy, nowin Texas, explains itself:"Corpus Chisti, Texas,"Sept. 28, 1917,"THE NEWS:"If it does not seem too presumptions, we would like to be counted inas recipients of the magazines, booksand papers or other forms of readingI matter, which, are to be shipped awavfrom Paris. They would be verymuch appreciated yKentucky boyswho are. stationed in this out-or-tne-ivayplace. Please remind the'home-folks' of this when they getready to send out these contributionsamd ask them to remember "theseParis -boys who have maay, manylonesome .hours, both on duty aad.off iduty: -' t"Yours truly,"WMV MARL CURTIS,'lr Jtonrt Mmfi. led Tor. Iaf.,'orpmv Ckriati, Texas.','You cannot afford to use carbon electric lamps, when theyconsume three times the currentfor the same light- even thoughUSEMAZDATUNGSTENLAMPS10, 15, .25 and 40-Watt 27c60-Watt36c75-Watt NitrogenFilled 65c100-Watt NitrogenPilled 31.00- -Iuaugn" BrBwertvrwos.Pari. XilittaHrT1MM J JfA. XWmMmm99mmm9mmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmwmADVAINCr FALL APPARELiSuitsWaistsMillineryNOW DISPLAYING A COMPLETE LINE OF THENEWEST FALL HATSIn smartest styles of Silk Plush, Velour,Zibeline Plush and Velvet.Autumn SuitsIn Velour, Broadcloth, Burillaand Poplins; displaying the- smartest of style features. Most moderately priced$20.00 to $75.00Autumn CoatsPlush, Silk Velour, Burilla and Broadcloth, in the fashion'slatest decree as to style and color$10.00 to $75.00Autumn DressesIn Serges and Silks. The styles are most charming in ""manynew colors and materials; moderate in price. Theyare the leading garments of the season r$5.00 to $40.00 ' vAutumn WaistsIn Georgette, Crepe de Chene, Plain and Fancy Styles. -Displayingthe newest styls features$2.98 to $15.00ySUMMER WASH SKIRTS SPECIAL!Smart, Pretty Styles in Fancy Materials, Prices from $5.M to $125t,AT HALF PRICE !HARRY SIMONOne Price To AllNEPONSET WEEKFrom Friday, Oct. 5, to Saturday, Oct. 13EvenYoungstersWelcomeNeponsetyBfK m nilJ S ill ffc f TfrV v. V l s-lL IIts cheerful color designs andresilience to the step appealboth to mother at her work andchildren at play. Thick, durable,waterproof, sanitary, and easilykept clean. Lies flat withouttacking,, and won't curl.NeponsetFloor CoveringArtistic designs specially suitable for kitchen, -bath-roomisewing-ropm, play-room, bed-rooms,halls and closets. Saves work, nerves and'floors. Inspect our digplay today.AMftdt by HID A SON (Established 1796) Eat Wlpl lhmihitMiSee the Sample infront of our Store,how it wears withthousands of people walking on it!Weextrahavelargeboughtquantityanof"Neponset"linoleum -and for one week we aregoing to offer it at theremarkable price of59cper square yardWe will hye afactory representative with us daring this time wWwill begUl tedemonstrate "NEPONSET" merits.TfiEJ.TEffraMOTOR HEARS&TtaMOTOR INVALIDiLpmmmmfMlHHMi- J0HWWUNOERTA10NOmatf J- m-frvVJ.4.mm . nr---M--tb-xj-xtr-i?-, r j-t, H,l Csr--3!"lP, 1'K' Wra'-'?t.,Ji!KWsa""P. 7 V ' V; -'."mi i mi ii 1 1 i mmtwmm wmmwwrwNwmmmMmmwmimim i 1 1 1 1 1 1. . ., . ? -. - ' -, lK- ,-M ; m- mi i m t ' ' r-.. -aPp9VMVMW4iVEa3BBBKjpjN-4 aE"T:.-"&.Jtv-vf"-'.?-'MMENDOWNIN HEALTHWoman Tells How $5 Worthof Pinkham's CompoundMade Her Well. -lima. Ohio. "I was all broken downin health from a displacement. One of mylady mends came tosee me and she advised me to commence .taking LydiaE. Pinkham's Vegetable Compoundand to use Lydia E.Pinkham's SanativeWash. I began taking your remediesand took$5. 00 worthand in two monthswas a well womanafter three doctors said I neVer wouldstand up straight again. I was a midwife for seven years and I recommendedthe Vegetable Compound to every woman to take before birth and afterwards, and they all got along so nicelythat it surely is a godsend to sufferingwomen. If women wish to writetome I will be delighted to answer theui."Mrs. Jennie Moyeb, 342 E.North St,lima, Ohio.Women who suffer from displacements, weakness, irregularities, nervousness, backache, or bearing-downpains, need the tonic properties of theroots and herbs contained in Lydia E.Pinkham's yegetable Compound..s:ij'; TTncr sEboiro ItjbmittOPEHS: WITH ZEAL.EOifv4. TheRECOVER WALNUT JLOGS FROMBOTTOM OP LAKE.Valuable walnut logs have been recovered from the bottom of ReelfootLake, where they have lain since thegreat earthquake in 1812, which.felled 4he trees and formed this famous lake. The logs have been shipped to an Eastern factory for theconstruction of airplanes and hydroplanes. The hundreds of acres of finewalnut and oak which went downwhen the earthquake occurred In1812, and which are on -the bottomof the lake can. be seen iln low water. The value of the walnut timberhas been .enhanced a latindred fold bydemand for it in the construction ofArmy airplane propeller Mades.You Don't Have toStoopIf You Use aGarlandCabinetRangeJfli IjflK599aV59SfSM'HSaaBSSBBaaaaaaaaaaaBaHiaflsaaaaBsBsl9SBSSJ SSflM RWASHINGTON, Oct.second Liberty L.oan campaign opened Monday. For four jveeks the entire nation will be a recruitingground for money with which tocarry on the war. To obtain$3,000,000,000 in subscriptions, theminimum set by Treasury officials forthe issue, a gigantic machine of manyparts stands ready to be set in motionwith the opening of the campaign.Fifty per cent, greater than the firstLiberty Loan, the present offering isthe largest the American people everhave been called upon to absorb, andfor months past have been perfectingthe elaborate sales and publicitymechanism which was started Monday. Five billion dollars and 10,000,000subscribers that is the goal to whichofficials hope to drive the campaignsuccessfully during the next fourweeks. The services of virtuallyevery industry of the nation havebeen enlisted to bring about this result. Hundreds of thousands of individuals, firms and corporations willunite in giving all or a part of theirtime in carrying the -work forward.Secretary McAdoo opened thecampaign formally with a. speech inCleveland, Ohio., the first of many hewill deliver in a transcontinentaltour which will take him into virtually every section of the countryand keep him on the road until October 26, the day before the subscription books close.Mor& than 26,000 banks will cooperate in floating the huge issue.These, working under the guidanceof twelve Federal Reserve banks,regional headquarters for - the loan,will be the Treasury's first lieutenants. The entire press of the country daily newspapers, weekly andmonthly magazines, trade papers,foreign language publications andfarm papers which contributed solargely to the success of the firstissue, will work for the success ofthe second.Chambers of commerce, boards oftrade, manufacturers' associationsand kindred, organizations havepledged their active and unstintedefforts in the campaign. Patrioticsocieties by. the score have been enlisted, as r well as school children,church and school organizations,labor unions, fraternal societies andschool childrenBoy Scouts, veteransof the last campaign, are planning aheavier drive for the second.Women's organizations from ccast tocoast have been marshalled under theleadership cf a Central Woman's Liberty Loan .Committee headed by Mrs.W. 6. McAdoo, and tens of thousandsof local committees of both men andwomen will aid in the chief townsarid cities.The stage and screen"" will do theirpart. Leading theatrical and moving picture stars have been filmed fora special number which will be displayed in virtually every moving picture theatre. In the country, whilefrom behind the footlights' of vaudeville and other theaters speakers willutilize .daily the, time between theacts to campaign for the loan.A central speakers' bureau willsend speakers throughout the countryto, tell the people what Liberty bondsare for. Xocal committees will sup-rply thousands of speakers to campaign in their respective localities.A campaign for the sale of bondsthat will reach every officer and enlisted man in the army and every officer, enlisted man and civilian employes of the Marine Corns was announced by the War Department.j.ne iavy .uepanmeni; aiso is preparing a similar campaign. October 24,designated by Secretary McAdoo as"JLiberty JLoan Day," probably will bemade a holiday at all camps and cantonments with field day sports andmusic.i - ''' S- f' i? '"" .: 7: s,r sv-fi, - -,.- j."'-- '. v. -.- - . . :frr.-5-1F9-iiflimpiniiiiiHiiiiiiitiiiA Beautiful Una of Garlands on fitlay- Coma In and look tham ovar.Paris Gas & Electric Co.(Incorporated)ifcfctfSBrevjjm&gnOMQSM Jke"7?vYvmmCfWilmoth'sSalt-RisingBread!Angel FoodCake!THERE'S a heap of joyin a. ton of good coal.. Ytof'stbye jor furnacevwon't have much trouble-from extracting comfortfrom a ton of coal, if , youI 3y itTrom us. Our- rapid-(Jefiverywiltpleaie you.c? W,C.D0DSNSuthMMnSt., Tilt HMtf GatdCaaJ ;Don't That'"Listen Good?"WILMOTHGrocery Co.Phone 37GHensel Margolen sold to an Atlanta, Ga., dealer, Monday, a general !purpose horse for $135.Mr. W. H. Kerr, of Lexington,purchased of Jack Howard, of thiscounty, an extra good six-year-olddriving horse for $200.Mr, Wm, Rogers, of Bellevue,Ky., shipped a consignment of forty200-pound hogs to Eastern marketsthat brought hi,m in the sum of $1,530. Caywood, Smith & McClintocksold on the local market Mondaythirty-eight mdles at ?150 to $225each.The-Bluegrass Commission Jo.,of Lexington, purchased 116 barrelsof old corn this week from Mr. J.W. Jacoby, of Hutchison, at $9.50 perbarrel.Caywood & McClintock; sold fiftyfeeders to Edward Prichard at ninecents per hundred pounds, and $1.00per head.An acre and one-half of sweetpotatoes planted by Dr. William Kenney, of Paris, on his -farm near thiscity, made a yield of 225 bushels ofexcellent quality.Mr. J. W. Calvert, of the county,purchased .of John R. McDermott,manager of the Postal Telegraphoffice in' Paris,, a nice Shetland ponyfor which he paid $95.Southern buyers purchased thisweek of Caywood, Smithy McClintock, of this city,a mixed carload ofgeneral purpose horses and mules forplantation work in the South.Slight frosts have been reportedseveral days this week, but notenough to do any material damage.In fact the frosts now falling arerather helpful in drying up the cornand in ripening tobacco.The tobacco growers of Simpsoncounty have declined all offers tosell their crops in the barn; as manywho sold last season sustained heavylosses when compared with the pricesrealized on the loose leaf floors.Mr. Samuel J. Bell brought tothe office of the Stanford InteriorJournal a kershaw that weighedthirty-seven pounds. It is said tohave been the largest vegetable ofthe kind ever raised in Lincolncounty.It is said that the United StatesGovernment will need from 3,000 to4,000 thoroughbred stallions to beused at the Government remountbreeding stations as sires for gettingmilitary horses during the next threeor four years.A splendid Shorthorn heiferwhich was offered for sale at theIllinois State Pair was purchased layCarpenter & Ross, of Mansfield, O.,for $600. The purchase money wasdonated to the Red, Crosswork. tGrowers are .offered twentycents and $250 per acre for theirtobacco around Mt. Sterling, andseven "and eight cents, for the leavesthat fall from the stalks in the field.Some growers have refeused twentyfive cents for their tobacco.Maysville Independent: "Mr.Dan Mahar, of the Washington neighborhood, purchased a wagon load ofcorn from J. C. Everett & Co., localgrain dealers; to feed a bunch ofhogs he has on his farm. The wagonload of corn cost Mr. Mahar $206.50.It was some price for corn, but goodhogs are bringing some price also."At the annual sales held in Lexington, Monday, by the KentuckySales Co., fifty-seven head of horseswere disposed of for $9,530, or anaverage of $167. N. O. Rogers, ofParis, paid $120. for Bedford General,b. c. 1, Bedford Forrest Ceylona'by General Forrest, and T. O. Allen,of Paris, purchased Judge C, b. c. 1,Lassell Sausolito by General Forrest, for $130.Speculators in tobacco have beenbusy among-the farmers and growersin Scott county. Several good sale3have been made around Donerail.One crop often acres sold for $3,250,and another of fourteen acres sold for$4,000. The speculators have notbeen working very much in Bourboncounty. The growers seemo preferwaiting for the open markets at thelocal -houses.wm9i'&m''M'tmLfk W""''MostBctCkirinbnencaPaige Beauty IsDistinctiveBeautypsJq matter-whereyou may see a Paige car on the;road or parked among other cars you will recqg'nize it instantly. Paige design and Paige lines aredistinctive.These cars are not "conspicuous" or. "freakish" but it- is that well bred, refined tope to the Paige whichmakes it unforgetable.If, for instance, you have seen a Paige Six pass down, the street, you know1 precisely what we mean. Itstands out from other motor cars with an individu'ality all its own.Quite unconsciously you will . find yourself saying,"There goes a Paige Six." And don't deny it, youutter these words either with the pride or desire ofownership.Why not visit our dealer today. He will gladly arrangeto give you and the other members of . your familythe kind of demonstration that will solve yourautomobile problem once and for allNOTE-It is impossible for us to guarantee the following prices for any definite length of timet-Stratford "Six -SI seven-passenger $ 1 595Linwood "Six-39" five-passenger $ 1 260GlendaleSix-39" Chummy Roadster $1260Brooklands "Six-5 1 " four-passenger $ 1 795Dartmoor "Six-39" 2 or 3 passenger. $1260Sedan "Six-39" five-passenger J 1 875Sedan "Six-51 " seven-passenger $2400.Town Car "Six-5 1 " seven-passenger 52850Limousine "Six-51" seven-passenger $2850All Prices f . a b. DetroitPAIGE-DETROIT MOTOR CAR COMPANYDETROIT, MICHIGANVrF. P. WHITEt . . ti 8ERVICR a?JLT10Vl ' -ut--v- iiu j.iil wioaniiHiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiHiiniiiiniHiiiuiiiiiuiiiiHiHiHiiiifliiiiiiiiiiiimKEW INTEKUEBAN PE0JECT1TEAEING COMPLETIONm m mProfessional Cards.DR. WM. KENNEYEye, Ear, Note 'and ThroatBROOMS 403-404.FIRST NAT'L ANK BUILD1NQ.. PHONE Uf.WIVf r GRANN AN, At(f acy-tt-Law ,'25 CENTS DESTROYSYOUR DANDRUFF AND-STOPS FALLING KjJR,Save Your Hair! Make It Thick,Wavy and BeautifulTry This!Thin, brittle, colorless and scraggyhair is mute evidence of a neglectedscalp; of dandruff that awful scurf.There is nothing so destructive tothe hair as dandruff. It robs thehair of its lustre, its strength and itsverytjife; eventually producing a feverishhess and itching of the scalp,which if not remedied causes the hirroots to shrink, loosen and die thnthe hair falls out fast. ' little DndNerine to-nightr-?nowMany time-will surely save yourhair.r Get a 2 5-cefct -bottler of- kno wltoii'sDanderine frqm anjr'drug- store ortoilet counter, "and after"the first application yourHalr;vilL"take on thatlife, lustre and luxuriance which 'Iseo beautiful, it will brecome wavyand fluffy and have the appearanceThe directors of the Shelbyville &Frankfort Realty Company, whichwas organized to promote an electricline between the two cities, held another conference in Frankfort, Tuesday, with P. C. Philipp, a Philadelphia engineer, who represents an.Eastern syndicate which proposes tobuild the road in consideration of afree right-of-way and terminal facilities in both places. An agreement onall the points at issue was practicallyreached, and it is expected that thecontract will be -signed at an earlydate.Under the proposed contract, thecompany represented by Mr. Philippwill forfeit the franchise to be granted them unless work is begun byMarch 1, and continued without undue interruption until the road iscompleted at a date not later thanJanuary 1, 1920. -SMCERT. W.Natural Gas FittingPlumbing and HeatingA man niay be heart and soul in.the. war and yet be bodily absent.c-?CAHALBR0S.BARBER SHOPPrompt andCourteousPatrons.Attention toHOT AND COLD BATHS.$1.50A Full Line of Gas Stoves andRangesPut in Your Stoves Now Before the Fall RuskMain Street, Opposite Court HouseBOTH PHONESTOencinnatifand ReturnOtfSptcIal Ainday Excursion onSunday, Oct 7Special, train leaves Paris 8:20.7??i:J2EF2. m.. arriving in Cincinnati t,and softness; but4 what will please 1 1"UJ' lt1, , ,. . i.jviu niostCwin fipr.a.tftr iiiHf i ?iw '-Rttvirning leaves CincinnatiThe Bourbon Laundry? D WIS &FUNK, Props.. TelephontNo. 4. West 5 Street V- i "",',!JSHSJSK - 'SjawtfBOTM3jaE2ftaawtiSalWWmCcMBslaBaBya' JI"' " S- I BBaJSatisfactioi is OirfjttcliwordWith :ill the latest improvenients in laundrylapplianceji and experthelper we ;are;:p'reapedtoiio wprX.iherior'tonone, and "solicit yourpatronage.I ' Bourbon Laundry,.iweek8, use, when you williustitUlKwS.txeat'Sj 7;P.n.' J f ,me a-lotpfrnmerdmyhairiwr r '; wi-&UC " ; 1kir- rrowIr;aUl rr lh:awAlm " J , . . V - - ;-5a .TfriVTT UT ' " -JORtKMt1lt.ft NAT'tAK UILMhV-ii .:-C? &?"4fc4?t-x. -.r' .t,.:I111 J ' "' j ' ' i 'J r ' 'in' mi" a'mmmmmmi- .j. -- --- ,vgi-..in" -. mej..&. f,yjt jr - --tf.-. - '...rfy :i.i..-c - .-- - -- rf. ; .--, -rv. o ... f ;x: -i i , " , -.;. - -jjl- 'UaR'PBSCrr!!--!;-" V 'iBi- '. ' , - -rT?T Tiiiii.FEIDAT. CIOBBMi JtjLTi. : sCatarrhal CoughS. Brown, R. F. D. No. 4,Rogersville, Tennessee,3r. W.Box S2,1 feel it my duty to recommendPeruna to all sufferers of catarrh orcough. In the year 1909, I took asevere case of the la grippe. I thentook a bad cough. I had taken allkinds of cough remedies hut got norelief. I then decided to try Peruna.I used five bottles. After taking fivebottles my cough stopped and mycatarrh was cured. My .averageweight was 115 and now I weigh148. Any one suffering with catarrh in any form I wiltatdvise-them totake Peruna,"Aiy oneSuffering withCatarrh inAny formI willAdvise themTo takePerunaMF?SQBBPBBjBBH1Those who object to liquid medicines can procure Peruna Tablets.REAL ESTATE DEATHSSeveral important real estate dealswere consummated in this city andcounty last week, the prices receivedbeing a little above the average, indicating a healthy tone in the realestate market.Mr. John T. Hedges, who-has beenmaking his home in Paris for severalyears after disposing of his countryplace, purchased 250 acres of. theJulian Frank farm, located in theHutchison precinct, for about $165per acre.Mr. Bishop Hibler has rented hisfarm near Muir, for the year beginning March 1, 1918, to a good tenant, for ?1,700 cash.Mr. B. F. Skillman sold a- farm of123 acres, located near North Middletown, to Mr. Allie G-. Jones, for aprice said to be close around $200.The Bryson Farm Agency, of Carlisle, sold for Clark & Beer, of Millersburg 165 acres of fine land located on Brushy Fork Creek, near Millersburg, for a private price, Will Y.Ross and J. Ed. Bryson, both of Nicholas county, being the purchasers.Mr. J. C. McDaniel, of North Middletown, has purchased of Mr. A. P.Bryan, his home on Main street, inthat place. The place containingabout fourteen acres of ground, is allin town, and isipiece of property.probably build a honie where the livery stable now stands..Mr. Holt Henry, as agent, soldthrough the real estate agency ofHarris & Speakes, at public auctionlast Thursday, the Henry honre, located on South Main street, for $2,400, Mrs. Delilah Stephens being thepurchaser. The residence, a onestory frame house, is situated on alot 70x300 feet, and has a large garden and yard.Mr. Homer Hutchison, of this county, purchased last week, throughHarris & Speakes, of this city, afarm of 130 acres, located six milesfrom Shelbyville, for $135 per acre.Mr. Hutchison will get possession ofthe place in March and will moveto it at that time. Harris & Speakesalso sold the farm adjoining this toMr. Wm. Cantrill, of Harrison county, for $150 per acre.Mr. Frank Collins has sold hisfarm of 110 acres, located on theParis & Flat Rock pike, to Mr. IraParks, proprietor of the Parks Garage, in this city for a price reportedat $160 per 'acre. The farm, whichis a portion of the Roseberry Rogersfarm, is one of the best in that section of the county, and is in a goodstate of cultivation.A rolling stone gathers no moss;a very desirable i but there are lots or people wnoMr. Bryan will! don't use moss in their business.JH-SKBSHM-HSSBHSBSA KG BYE COP ASUS) JOE.. . --T Trr tt- fHThecountry is askfed to -put :ot ahacreage of jrye for .afeed sraiiL-thsJtwould pronfise a yield of over j3,000,000 hushels. The acreages askedin the South are: .Virginia, 15 percent more than last year; North Carolina, 22 per cent less than in 1917;South Carolina, 488 per cent increase; Kentucky, no increase; Tennessee, 61 per cent increase; Alabama,100 percent increase; Mississippi isnot asked to grow any rye for grain;Louisiana and Arkatxsas are asked forno increase. In the case of rye somelarge percentage increases are askedfor, but the acreage is very reasonable. While Tennessee is asked togrow 61 per cent more of rye forgrain in 1918 than in 1917, this callsfor only 50,000 acres of the. crop, ornot much more than 500 acres to thecounty. South Carolina is asked togrow 614 per cent more rye than lastyear, but-4his would be only 50,000acres. The surplus rye produced willfind a ready market in Europe, wherethe people use a great deal of ft intheir bread.The increased amount of rye canbe grown by increasing the acreageand improving the yield per acre.The yield per acre can be increasedby working a light coat of -manureinto the land as it is being preparedor by top dressing it during fall andwinter. Lands needing phosphateshould have a. moderate applicationof acid phosphate this fall and anapplication of nitrate of soda or sulphate of ainmonia when growth startsin the spring, provided these nitrogenous fertilizers can be bought at areasonable price when needed. L. R.Neel in Southern Agriculturist.la m mTAKE "CASCARETS" IFHEADACHY, BILIOUSAND CONSTIPATED.BestFor Liyer and Bowels,Breath, Bad Colds, SourStomach.tBadsszwsf "-ot-J IT Jtet?s'JsrA 'v -2&'Soldiers, Sailorsand Nurses allknow the comfortand refreshmentto be had fromWRIGLEYSIf allays thirst and fatiguesopfhes fhe throat and'stomach helps digestion.1 vffiffisifilil TfteWmMMm ' favor -JHo flSstffTviMPlMsvMi Jra9 fcssfPSAftereverymealGet a 10-qent box.j Sick headache, biliousness, coatedtongue, head and nose clogged upwith a cold always trace this totorpid liver; delayed, fermentingfood in the bowels, Qr sour, gassystomach.Poisonous matter clogged in the intestines, instead of being cast out ofthe system is re-absorbed into theblood. When this poison reaches thedelicate brain tissue it causes congestion and that dull, throbbing, sickening headache.Cascarets immediately cleanse thestomach, remove the sour, undigestedfood and foul gases, take the excessbile from the liver and carry out. allthe constipated waste matter andpoisons in the bowels.A Cascaret to-night will -surelystraighten you outiby morning. They,work while you sleep a 10-cent boxfrom your druggist means your headclear, stomach sweet and your liverand bowels regular for months.(adv)1H 13U. S. HAS HST OF PERSONS WHOGOT GERMAN M0NEYWhile there is no indication ofwhat will be the State Department'snext disclosure of German intrigue inAmerica or elsewhere, it is knownthat disclosures as sensational as anyyet published are being held in reserve and may be made at any time.One of the things the State Department has is a list of persons who received German money in the passportfrauds, the munitions plots and practically all the other activities of German intrigue here, which took placebetween the beginning of the war inAugust, 1914, and the entry of theUnited States into the conflict. Thislist is said to contain scores of namesand the amounts of money, represented run very "high.From time to time the departmentalso probably will make public certain evidence to dispose of the denialsof those who have been involved inthe disclosures already made.ftl 1G IS :HOW'S THIS?MLF BB.W A fjilrBBsJmbmB1Bx 1 1 ST "SpBBBBWI a. , s5S The onl7 trbu that hre graphite Ft jm BWfW alcar.ized into the scrfaee. Pie- RJ SSMBSBBBBBBS JW3Nla V Tent fe,eoration.tieIane. friction M - S?tiSBMPBBBBB 9SA 5ff nJ hea:iaS- Maket toipstone on- W& , jlflBjBMiBjSBMBS 49A S oetWMrr. Ltaetheai the lile .TWSSHHwSlaHiBBBWSS n i i 4J "Real rubber none of that puttyfied. near-rubberlook to Savage Tires.The tough, grips-the-road tread the resilient;shock-absorbing cushion the. strong, yet flexible, never-crack sidewallEvery rubber part of SavageTires is made of livrubber, the finest for the purpose that moneycan buy.Stock always fresh. Sold from factory to youthrough our own distributors the middleman!profit put into higher quality.WmsEWESHesp big mileageJDickerson & DouglasFourth and High Sts. " Parts Ky.-'&X9K -.&'V-v?ffTHE LEXINGTON HERALD ANNOUNCES ADVJLNCES INTHEIR MAIL RATES.The Lexington Herald has revisedits mail subscription rates, effectiveOct. 15th. The new rates, will be,65c per month for one or two months,$1.80 for three months, ?3.50 for six Jmonths, and $6.00 for one year, payable in advance under all circumstances. Most prices have advanced50 to 100 per cent. The Herald subscription rates are advanced only 20per cent. Even at the new rate themail subscriber will getthe paper for Iconsiderably less than the subscriber!who receives it by carrier in Lexing-,ton or Central Kentucky towns. TheHerald has greatly improved its service to 'the reader; increasing its coni-j ,mding many new attractive features.r'"ELIMINATEYOUR WORRIESSOUR STOMACHTEat slowly, masticate your foodL thoroughly, abstain from meat for afew days and in most cases the sourstomach will disappear. If it-dpesnot, take one of Chamberlain's Tablets immediately after supper. Redmeats are most likely to cause sourstomach and you may find it be'st tocut them out.(adv-oct)G. W. DAVISFuneral Director .i Corner Fifth and Pleasant Strtcts, Paris, Ky.1Day Phanes 137 Night Phanes 299 ar 999) Automobile Ambulance Automobile HeaOrseUndertaking.-. Our Winton-Six Automobile Ambulance with Johnson &; jphnson First Aid Equipment and the Lungmotor (recently-icjiureu uy ua u 2sicab caiwc; a reausciLauiiK aevice TOrtkoe appareatly dead from drowning, gas poisoning, electric:k, conapse irom anae5tnasia, etc., iwayareaqy ,sor ser-uai yxv iNivxni. rnone us.immeqiaieiy, wnen ,an,. A,-- . - . - T" -i - " .;vaw;ui.. - v . ,We offer One Hundred Dollars Reward for any. case of Catarrh thatcannot be cured by Hall's CatarrhMedicine. L ,Hall's , Catarrh Medicine has beentaken by catarrh sufferers for " thepastthirty-five years, and has become known ns the most reliable"remedy for Catarrh. Hall's CatarrhMedicines acts through .the blood onthe mucous surfaces, expelling thepoison from the blood and healing thediseased portions. . NAfter you have taken 'Hall's' Catarrh Medicine for a short time youwill see a great improvement in yourgenera health. Start taking Hall'sCatarrh JVfedicine at once and get ridof catarrh. Send for testimonials,F. J. CHENEY & CO.,Toledo, Ohio.Sold by all Druggists, 75c.(adv-oct)NO "GERMAN KULTUB" FOR DAN-VIIXE STUDENTS.German has been excluded fromtheDan vilfe 'public schools, according toa statement made by SuperintendentCarnageyr Some time ago Superintendent Carnagey recommended thatGerman be supplanted, by French,but the. School Board decided thatthis question should be leftto thestudents. The "students! without fcdissenting voice voted German -outWtRGOLENSPECIALSFor This WeekVealLambHigh cost of living, warm weather andscarcity of labor is a condition where aHOME TELEPHONEIn your residence at reasonable rates-andcourteous treatment to all would 'elimi-nateagood portion of-the worries attributed to this cause.Call at our office or telephone 427y 411 or320 and place your order.MParis Home Telephone 18 Telegraph Co.(Incorporated)J. J. VEATCH,District Manager.W.H.CAHN0H,loctl Xantger." --v, -.? .'S?f.Hill IIKiiimiiM rT " " H I H 1 1 1 HI J m HiSanitary Meat MarketAfLa .rm djscouraee-rrwi ic.f iyvu.j ccii. coot used,f ner.vous. tired, worried or despondent it is turesignyounecdMOrrSNEItVERINIPILLS: Theyrenew.the normal vigor an;makelifc .worth living.-: Btrcudatk ftMott'.NerYerinePilUr;r,riCivinBros. Dcpanmcm Store'Stvouft d main $t$. pari$, KenhKhrWp call your attention topretty display, of,"ourT"t-4?fei. . " -l -Ji ''1 '.-r"'a:IIEmILIA ' J" vm.. . "J- v-2 - VT- ' - ' rtf fa.TiuKli BTinnle ml, ill WHIIHi IIITn" - " -- - ""IngMHHPHfepilBBBIiilBMVB " iV -;: - -- : - VlMllOoann THi1 rrniii r J 1 1 1 1 1 III nil! 1 1 1 II M ill II; "pLJii: oFall'Suits - v ;. 3a--lIftRGOLfNW -; Wiiim rII'-. - """".tafc w - m .B'Kim. . ,".fcs si : Gome in and see them. Ail pqpJJ - Mfit ippjit wp, l l 1 1 H 1 jW 111 Ntjg!l!Jli 'V-.-W.xJ.-iwji;jtI ComingAttractionsFRIDAYDorothy Daltonin Triangle K. B. Feature"WILDWINSHIP'SWIDOW"Popular Player in"Twin Troubles"Pearl White in the lastepisode of"Pearl of the Army."Pathe Weekly NewsNo. 75.Hours Alamo, 2 to 5:30; Paris Grand,7 to 1 0:30, Admission 5 and 1 0c.MILLERSBURGMiss Mary L. Huffman left Suncay for a visit to her sister, Mrs.Day, at Paris.Mr. A. H. Smedley returned Tuesday, after a few weeks visit to relatives at Chicago, 111.Miss Stella Craven left Wednesday for Virginia to spend the winter with her sister.Mesdames A. S. Miller and It. M.Johnson are guests of Miss EldivaSaunders, at. Lexington.Mrs. Chas. Insko left Wednesdayfor a few days visit to her mother,Mrs. J. C. Maxey, at Paris.Miss Alberta Maffett left .Tuesday for Washington, D. C, to enterme, of the fashionable boardingschools for young ladies.The musical faculty of the Milersburg College will give a recital inthe College Auditorium Friday evening, Oct. 5, at 8 o'clock. A fine program, will be rendered and a delightful entertainment is in store for the.music-loving and the public generally. The Millersburg lead mines areagain on the boom. Lettershave Ibeen received concerning specimens.from, what is known as the Caldwell Jmines, pronouncing them good. Experts will visit the mines in the nearfuture, and from present indicationsthe work of reopening the mines willbegin. Not only is our communityon a boom in this respect, but appearances of oil have been found onseveral farms near here, and a number of leases will be taken beforenext spring.The Woman's Missionary Society of the Methodist church, of theFrankfort district held an all-daymeeting at the Methodist church hereTuesday. The meeting was in interesting one and about thirty out-of-towndelegates were present. Inconnection with the meeting therewas also held what is known as aneighborhood meeting, in which anumber of societies were representednot belonging to the district. Several prominent speakers were presentand considerable business was .transacted. A delightful lunch was served at noon by the Millersburg society, assisted by the societies of theBther churches.Mr. Lee L. Arnett, aged twenty -sixdiedWednesday at four a. m.,after a three-weeks' illness at hisrlome on Trigg Avenue, of a complication of diseases. Mr. Arnett has" hen in faifing health for several'nonths, suffering from kidney andheart trouble. About three weeksago he was confined to his bed. Sunday uraemic poison set up and fromthat time he grew rapidly worse until the end. He was a native of Bourbon county, having been born nearJackstown, and was a son of Mr.tf EATON Si .k. - T.HIGHLANDTFyou can't fight write and 'write' often to your friends who are serving our Country.r Every letter you-write to some soldierboy, helps to hearten him for the dangerous work ahead.-Tke cheerful letter from home meansnweh to the man in camp or .at. the "froftt. It brings him news of thoseleft- bebiad and helps to break the monotony- of long , weary hours of duty.-We can supply you with attractive,. Patriotic stationery. The new High'zlsmd Linen-Olive Drab writing$- paper is especially appropriate foryur letters to those serving Unclebrooks & SnappDHf Company,, tTke Rendu-Sue" .PARIS GRAND AND ALAMtlSATURDAY.Ethel Clayton in"Yankee Pluck"with Montagu Love. , Vitagraph BlueRibbon feature. "Bombs and Ban,dits," Li-KO comedy in two parts.Universal Current Events. Eight bigleels in all.NOTICE The Alamo will not beopen Saturday night.MONDAY.George Beban in Italian drama,"The MarcelliniMillions"Morosco Paramount feature.- AlsoParamount Pictograph and a KleverKomedy.Samuel Arnett, one of a family of sixchildren. When a young man he wasunited in marriage to Miss Mary.bornasn, or Morgan, -vy., tneir unionbeing blessed by two children, a little son and one davghter. For several years Mr. Arnett was in the employ of the Adam& Express Co. atCincinnati. Last winter his healthbegan to fail, and with his family hemoved to Millersburg, where he succeeded in renting some tobacco land,hoping that the change of labor andcountry air would benefit-him. Asthe summer advanced his health grewworse and his father who resided withhim was compelled to take care of hiscrop. The funeral was held at 2:30Friday afternoon, at the home,Interment in the Millersburg Cemetery.- l t JSPEAES MILL ITEMS. -Messrs. S. R. Hudnall, RobertTollitt und Will Hill attended theraces at Lexington, Tuesday.Farmers in thisvicinity are stillbusy with their tobacco and corn.Both crops are showing up verynicely, 'and seem to be of a moreth-.n average quality.S. R. Hudnall, Mr. and Mr.Frank Mitchell and son, Banta, returned Monday from a motor trip toDayton and Middletown, Ohio, wherethey were the guests of Mrs. JohnCrow, sister of Mrs. Mitchell, andother relatives. Mr. Hudnall whileinVDayton attended the auto races between Barney Oldfield and LouisChevrolet. The party came back byway of Hamilton and Cincinnati.Messrs. Carl Mitchell and WillHill, who have been in Canada, engaged on big the ranche of E. F.Spears & Sons, since early last summer, have returned home. Mr. Hillhas "been drafted into theU. S. armyservice and will leave in a few daysfor Camp Zachary. Taylor, at Louisville. The other Bourbon countyboys on the Spears ranche will leavefor their "homes in Kentucky aboutOctober 15. .GOING FAST.Bourbon Oil & Development Co.stock is selling fast at 50 cents pershare. (2-2t)MATRIMONIAL..A marriage license was issued inLexington, Wednesday afternoon toMrLawrence Baker and Miss CarrieFuller, both of Paris.' 1STS UsTO PATRONS OF ADAMS EXPRESSCOMPANY.TlTe volume of traffic now beingtendered to theNexpress companies issubstantially larger than the corresponding season a year ago, while theexpress cr"equipment has-been materially lessened through the necessityof using baggage and express cars intioop-movement and the handling ofether Government traffic.The -express terminals in the largercities of the East have their limitations and many oi these terminalsare now handling their maximumbusiness. In order to utilize, terminals and cars to their utmost capacityit is requested that express patronsassist the companfes by preparingtheir express shipments as early inthe day as possible, thereby avoidingcongestion Jn the final pick-up. xIt is only by the closest co-operationbetween express shippers andthe carriers, and mutual cqnsideration of the difficulties confrontingeach other, thatwe can minimize thei estraints which" may have to be enforced upon the customaryj'ustf of th$usual channels of transportation.-ADAMS EXPRESS COMPANY,Per C. E. Colliver, Local Agent.TO TAX PAYERSTax receipts of thecity for 1Q17 are nowin the hands of CityCollector ClarenceThomas, at the Peoples Deposit Bank.Call and pay themnow.:l. T; HINTON,(tu16-tf) .Mayor iSSRBP! ''-ip&nv.-COUCH.Miss Louise Couch, teacher ofstringed instruments last year in theMillersburg College, died recently ather home in Lynchburg, Va., fromspinal meningitis, the" result of afall. Miss Couch was a highly accomplished young woman and a fa-borite with the faculty and studentsof the College.BROWN. 'The funeral of Mrs. S. S. Brown,who died at her home in Detroit,Mich., after a long illness, was heldin Dayton, Ky., Tuesday, the interment taking place in Evergreen Cemetery at that place.Mrs. Brown was the mother of Mrs.Henry J. Grosche, of Paris, who wasat her bedside when the end came.Mrs. Brown is survived'by her husband, Mr. S. S: Brown, formerly ofParis, and four children, Mrs. H. J.Grosche, of Paris, Miss Bessie iJrown,Mr. Preston Brown and Mr. DudleyBrown. vPOINDEXTER.Mrs. Malinda Poindexter, agedtwenty-one, died at her home- nearBecknerville, in Clark county, Wednesday morning, after an illness extending over a period of eightmonths. She was a daughter of thelate Mr. and Mrs. Wm. Bond, ofClark county, and a sister of Mrs.Bessie Powers, of North Middletown,this county.The funeral was held yesterdaymorning at ten o'clock at the residence of Mr. Zachary Poindexter,with services conducted by Rev. Barnett, the burial following in the Winchester Cemetery. Mrs. Poindexter issurvived by her husband, two sistersand three brothers.MAYBRIER.Mr. George G. Maybrier, farmer,aged fifty-three, died at his homenear Jacksonville, in this county, atone o'clock yesterday morning, aftera long illness of carcinoma.He is survived by his widow, Mrs.Eliza Maybrier, two sons, Mr.Jesse Maybrier,' of Lexington, andRaymond Maybrier, of Cynthiana.The funeral will be held in the SilasBaptist church near Jacksonville, attwo o'clock this (Friday) afternoon,with services conducted by Rev. W.E. Elsey. The burial will take, placein the Jacksonville Cemetery. Thepall-bearers will be Jos. Connor, E.M. Poe, George Marshall, Thos. Clifford, Wm. McWhorter and Pat Ryan.JBOWEN.Paris friends of "Gov." Bowen,the popular Winchester minstrelman, are extending their sympathyand condolences in the death of hisfather, Mr. S. E. Bowen, a prominentcitizen of Winchester.Mr. Bowen died at his home inWinchester, Sunday, of a complication of heart trouble and other diseases. He had been a member of theMasonic lodge for thirty-five years,thirty-three of which were-as a member of the Winchester lodge.Mr. Bowen is survived by hiswidow, who was Miss Julia Hastings,and two children, Grosenor ("Gov.")Bowen and Mrs. Viola Newton. Threesisters, Mrs. Jennie Rearmont, ofWinchester, Va.; Mrs. Flora Gregoryand Miss Irene Bowen, of this city,and a brother, Hejiry L. Bowen, ofJacksboro, Tex., and two grandchildren, Garner Newton and Miss SadieNewton,, also survive."The "funeral was held at the residence at three -o'clock Tuesday afternoon, with services conductSd by Rev.Calvin B. Waller. The interment followed in the Winchester Cemetery,the committal services at. the gravebeing under the auspices of the Masonic lodges of Winchester. "TALBOTT.Mr. Wm. W. Talbott,. formerly awell-known and prosperous farmer ofthis county, died in the St. JosephHospital, in Louisville, at eleveno'clock yesterday imorning, from theeffects of injuries received last Sunday when his horse ran away, throwing him out of the buggy, and fracturing his skull.After leaving Bourbon county sometime ago, Mr. Talbott purchased afarm in Nelson county, where he hadbeen residing since. On Sunday afternoon he was driving on. the pikelor a visit to a neighbor, when hisliprse became frightened and ranaway, causing him to be thrown out.Neighbors who saw-the fleeing horseran ,,lo The aid pf the injured man,"andcalled physicians, who foundrthat'is skull had been r fractured.He 'was taken to St. Joseph's Hospital, in Louisville, where an, operation was performed.Mr." Talbott during the latter yearso'f his life had made his home with.Mr. and Mrs. James Fisher, nearRuddles Mills. He was a stock traderiand farmer, and as such traveled allover the country at intervals. Hehad no immediate family, but wasconnected with the Talbotts of Harrirson county, and wjth the 'Early winefamily of this county. - - iThe funeral will be held at the"."mSEES: .?LV.k Paris' -GreatesiLShoe Store'WIMMIIMMMIIIIMMMMMThe Stove SeasonAnd What A. F. Wheeler SaysAbout Your Winter ComfortsWith our stock of Cook Stoves and Heaters socomplete we are ready to aid you in deciding the kindof heater that will give you the most of heat with littlecost. To do this you should use the Hot Blast Heater.3-R00MHEATER !This cut of heater isone of our Three-RoomHeaters. The cost torun this will be muchless than to run onegrate, that will not heatone room comfortably.By using one of ourHot BlastHeatersyour coal bill will bemuch smaller and youwill get three times theamount of heat and theprice is only$24.00Gas and Coal Ranges!The biggest and best line, in the city to pick from.Let us show you,A. F. Wheeler Furniture Co.Main and Third Sts.PREPAREDmi FOOTWEARis nciwiThe Largest and Most Beautiful Display of9Men's, Women's and Children'sStylish Fall Footwearembracing all the new styles for this Pall's correct dresserAt Great Bargain Prices!STYLE ECONOMYOur system of merchandising buying for spot cash in'car. Ipad lots for our chain of stores gives us a wonderfulpurchasing power. Come in tomorrow, compare styles,quality and prices and you will appreciate th big savingswe offer to our patrons ,h&SCHOOL' SHOESAt Qreat iBgrgain PricesCHAS. GREEN, ManagerYOURNEWrun IUU (. "BOYS' AND QIRLS' -DAN COHENWh Beauty and EcbflomjrRdr-GASHEATERSHave Your GasHeater installedNOW!So you can use it as youneed it. We handle theNew ProcessHeaterstheJdhd that pleases inheat and also when youpay your gas bill.See our stoves and getprices.WE CONNECTTHEM FREEParis, KentuckyJW&-GiiX v 0Tcv.A5-!. X -AV lb-; Kme II ftl" fc Jr' lS v 0(,0 X,:no8ti'clock. . Thburial'wilLstake''iliiAw(J ""V a.0 " p ,j im the MVurgutKi7..-&-A-V- " v - vK.cjiC -""C. &v?,M! --i-V -rr-A-rv,r1'-i?--iV.J?'irS-,&- .'y "i&L