-. i - ' - . s l V" - ' . W' 1,-TV? 7PUBLISHED EVERY TUESDAY AND FRIDAY IN THE YEAR;iVOLUME xxxvnPARIS, BOURBON COUNTY, KENTUCKY, FRIDAY, AUGUST 17, 1917jXTHEBOURBONNEWSA"iTORecent orders from Provost Marshal General Crowder, at Washington, have played havoc with "warhusbands," especially in this section,where the disease almost assumed theform of an epidemic. Those whomarried hastily, seeking to avoiddrafting, and men making smallwages, who sought to gain exemptionon the ground of dependants, willhave hard sledding this time. On account of them many Paris and Bourbon county men will be leaving inSeptember for the training camps tobecome coldiers in the new nationalarmy, instead of remining at home,and eventually engaging in a domestic war.The orders caused a new move Wednesday, when a number of men fromthis county went before the DistrictBoard at Lexington and said thatthey had filed claims for exemption,but after hearing of the report fromthe Provost Marshal General theywould withdraw their claims and lettheir names go unprotested on theroll of honor. The new regulationsissued from Washington are as follows: "To Governors, Adjutants Generaland Members of the Local and District Boards:"To secure uniformity of interpretations, compiled rulings of the Provost Marshal General on questionsconcerning the execution of the selective-servicelaw will be publishedfrom time to time and forwarded tothe Governors of the several Statesfor distribution to local and districtboards."E. H. CROWDER,"Provost Marshal General,"(a) Recent Marriage as a Groundfor Discharge Under the Dependency Clause."The selective-service law does notrequire discharges in all cases of technical legal dependency, but only permits discharges where in view of dependency a discharge is advisable.Local boards may well hold that amarriage recently hastily consummated, and especially on consummated by a person after he has beencalled to present himself for examination to determine his fitness formilitary service, does not create astatus of dependency in which it isadvisable to grant a discharge. Itis to be expected that local boardswill exercise this full discretion incases where they are convinced thatunscrupulous persons have thus violated the principles of the selectiveservice law in the hope of escaping aduty that is rightly theirs and ofpassing that duty on to someoneelse."(b) Soldier's pay as affecting dependency. "A soldier's pay is not less than$30 a month, and all clothing, subsistence, medical treatment andhousing are furnished him. Underthe law he may allot anv poiti-n fhis pay to a dependent. Many soldiers jreceiving $30 a month are easily ableto allot $25 monthly T.o the supportof dependents. Jn cns of doath inline of duty the government wiil payto the beneficiary designated by thesoldier six months pay. Section 4of the selective-service act providesthat those in a status with respectto persons dependent upon them forsupport which renders their exclusion or discharge advisable may bedischarged, but it does not requirethat they shall be discharged in allsuch cases. The discretion of localboards is invoked by this provision,and such boards may well take thefacts recited above into consideration in deciding claims for dischargedue to dependency, with a view todetermining whether, as a matter offact, the person claiming such discharge will not be in as good or better position to support his dependentsafter selection for military servicethn-n he was before. If such is thecase, of course, the discharge shouldnot be granted."to is toTORMER PARISIANS IN TiLh JNAV X- . . v m-w-m-T IAND ARMY.Mr. Colliver C. Dawes, of Georgetown, former Secretary of the Bourbon County Y. M. C. A., is now aFirst Lieutenant in the army service,having been one of the number recently commissioned at the Officers'Reserve Corps training camp at Ft.Benj. Harrison.Mr. Allen Ferguson, son of Mr. andMrs. Earl Ferguson, of Georgetown,former residents of Paris, has beenadvanced in rank in the navy service,and is now taking advanced workat Harvard University in the radiosquad. Mr. Ferguson enlisted lastspring.m IS toFUGITIVE CAUGHT.Elmer Braxton, colored, one of thethree prisoners who escaped from theScott county jail in Georgetown last"WAR GROOMS" WILL HAVESERVE IN ARMY.week was captured on tne niu yuvciomveiy, 01 meiiuu, iuowtuic, uu.wnear CenterviUe, in Bourbon county, ! sity of Pittsburg, official chemist ofTuesday by Scott county Sheriffs, j the association. Dr. Shively declaredBraxton' attempted to escape, but that until American bakers were ablewas pursued in a machine by the offi-1 to produce a better grade of corncers to the very door of a house bread its substitution for wheatwhere he was captured. bread would not 'become general. -CLAUDE M. THOMAS CANDIDATEPOR SPEAKER.The recently-made announcementh Z 1 Th0ma"' f BUr"lStelsvp 9fThU Y1-date for Speaker of the next Ken-;U0U?e. of Representatives in;iTtheTn TT enrst gun :1L p iGSa u,W1Il.be WagGd in)the General Assembly this winter be-1tween the opposing forces of the j"" nd "dry" .elements- . Ilvix. rnomas. it is announced wthauthority, will have the support ofthe Democratic Forward League,which was organized to promote and-support the movement to have aState-wide prohibition amendmentsubmitted to a vote of the people.It is expected that the "wets" willhave a candidate in opposition toMr. Thomas, who is an avowed prohibitionist, but just who will opposehim has not yet been announced.With the strength that will naturally come to Mr. Thomas, and the organized support of the DemocraticForward League at his disposal, itis anticipated that he will enter therace for the Speakership with goodprospectsJl 7 . . ,, ,er, i nomas returns 10 tne r,egis-lature after several years' absence,having served as Representative andState Senator some years ago.IS to toCOSTS YOU NOTHING.To inspect the handsome line ofGruen watches to be on display atour store on August 22 and 23.Read the advertisement on page fourof this issue.(17-2t) THE A. J .WINTERS CO.to to toTHE NEWS FINDS 'EM."It pays to advertise." This assured fact has been proven so oftenin so many ways that it becomes anirksome task to keep putting it before the public. If you want to finda lost article advertise it in THENEWS.A short time ago a valuable locketbelonging to a little daughter of Mr.and Mrs. Earl Swearengen was lost.The loss was advertised in THENEWS. Within two days the locketwas found by a young man who saidhe saw the "ad" in THE NEWS, andwas restored to the owner whogratefully acknowledged the valueof advertising in THE NEWS.Honestly, we are of the opinionwe could find Jim Allen's long-lostgold-headed umbrella left standing inthe Cynthiana National Bank somewhere between 1871 and the presenttime, if properly advertised in THENEWS.All of which goes to show thatTHE NEWS is widely-read. Theymust have it, even if they have tosteal it from subscribers' door-steps,or borrow it from their neighbors.te S3 isLABOR BUYS LIBERTY BONDS.While it is not possible to giveexact figures either as to the number of subscribers or the amount ofbonds bought, yet reports frommany corporations and firms whichare large employers of labor showthat the working men of Americawere numerous and liberal purchasers in the initial two billion dollarissue of Liberty Bonds.There can be no doubt that theworking men of America are a classof citizens whose patriotism andability afford a tremendous marketfor government bonds.IS IS toCHINA JOINS IN THE WARAGAINST GERMANY.Reuter's Limited News Agency, ofLondon, Eng., has been officially informed that China has declared warupon Germany and Austria-Hungary, the declaration dating from 10o'clock Wednesday morning.China is the seventeenth nation toarray itself with the Entente counI tries airainst the Central Powers. The-'decision of the Chinese Cabinet-to de-clare war on Germany and AustriaHungary was reached Angust 2, andthe action of the members of theministry was approved by FengKwo Chang, the acting president ofthe Republic.Official notice of China's declaration of war on Germany and AustriaHungary was received in Washington, at the Chinese legation in cabledispatches from Peking.to to toSPEAKING OF CORN BREAD!Corn bread and other substitutesfor wheat bread as a menas of foodconservation by hotels and restaurants were discussed at a recent session of the annual convention of theInternational Stewards' Association.A new compound yeast, which isclaimed will mean a great saving ingrain and other yeast-making (mate-: rials, was discussed by Dr. E. R.POPE BENEDICT DELIVERSPEACE PROPOSALS TOBELLIGERENTS.Peace Proposals made by PopeBenedict have been delivered to allthe belligerent governments.The Pope suggests restoration ofBelgium, Serbia and Rumania, andPeaceful solution of the problems ofAlsace-Lorraine, Trent, Trieste andPolandAccording to reports received fromr . , .,. v-tiii'iii vi iii I'nuu it i c nvwrtnr r - - r. ,-.w jwj.avo, j.u IO CAUCVtCU L11Cproposal willVatican.be published by theReduction of nil nnrmmflnt eotlo-OT1 f on i,,, ..... .j. I miuuuu uiaputea uyarbitration, freedom of the seas andno retaliatory after-the-war economicstruggle for supremacy are thefoundation stones of the Pope'speace proposal.The Pope's proposal declares thatthe injuries to all belligerents havebeen so great there should be nothought of reparation except for thereturn of territory.Included in the restoration of territory, the Pope's proposal insists,should be the return to Germany of'all her colonies, as well as the cornplete restoration ofBelgium to hersovereignty.to to toWHEAT AND FLOUR TAKE DOWNWARD TENDENCY.Wheat was quoted on the localmarket yesterday at $2.10 per bushel,a drop from last week of $2.35 perbushel, following the action of theGovernment in taking over the control of all foodstuffs. Receipts havebeen rather light.There lias been a correspondingdrop in the price of flour, that staplebeing quoted yesterday by the ParisMilling Co. and E. F. Spears & Sonsat $13.55 per barrel. Another smalldecline is probable.Following the drop in corn inwholesale quantities, corn on the retail market declined seventy-fivecents a barrel to the new price of$11.25. Little corn is being sold onthe retail market in Paris. Oats remained at 99 cents per bushel forbest recleaned quality.IS to toMASHED FOOT BADLY.Bart Burberry, of the Centervilleprecinct, had his foot badly crushedin a hay baler yesterday.He wastaken to Georgetown, and it wasthought the member would have tobe amputated.to to toReversible weather isdue to slippery sidewalks.unusually i1WE KNOW HOWSTRAW HATSiATHALFOur entire line of HopkinsStraws we place on sale today at one-half original price.Right now is when you need a cool, comfortableStraw the worst, when the old Straw has become soiledand shabby. You can freshen up your appearance bygetting the pick of a brand new straw at a very smallprice. All sizes 6 3-4 to 7 5-8. .75 CentsTo$3.00Soft Brims and Stiff Brims, Plain Sailors, Curled-brimmedAlpines and Telescope shapes.Don't delay; buy while your style andsize is here.Mitchell & BlakemoreOur store doses at 5 p .p. m. except Saturdaysand Court Days.BOURBON COUNTY BIBLE SCHOOLCONVENTION.Nearly four hundred delegates andvisitors were in Millersburg, Wednesday, to attend the sessions of theBourbon County Bible School Associ-ationThe sessions were held in theMillersburg Christian church, presided over by Newton L. Shropshire, ofClintonville, as president.A number of distinguished visitorswere present, among them being Mrs.'Mo xim un;n r -" -.w-ww, v. .vxOWiitj.uu vv nun . . i mini in- iiiviiiiiwho made one of the principal addresses of the day; Homer C. Carpenter, Chancellor of Transylvania University, and Mr. McQuarley, of Cincinnati, a member of the ForeignMissionary Society. The presidents ofthree adjoining associations werealso present: A. B. Adcock, ofClark county, C. T. Eales, of Harrisoncounty, and J. J. Collins, of Scottcounty. The delegates and visitorswere guests of the congregation ofthe Millersburg church during theirstay.rne program as puDlisned in aprevious issue of THE NEWS wascarried out in its entirety. The music,in charge of Mr. A. L. Boatright, ofthe Paris Chirstian church, was anespecially notable feature of themeeting, and was greatly enjoyed.IS IS ISTHREE OF A KIND.Ezekiel Whitney, a colored tenanton the old Bedford farm, near Paris,was presented a few days ago by hiswife with triplets, all boys.Whitney, who was formerly a soldier in the United States army, is anenthusiastic admirer of Col. TheodoreRoosevelt. He was so elated over theadditions to the family circle thathe immediately named the new-comers"Teddy the First," "Teddy theSecond" and "Teddy the Third." Aphotograph of the three Teddy's andthe parents was made by a localphotographer and forwarded to Col.Roosevelt at Oyster Bay, with anote reminding him that Whitneywas showing his anxiety to stamp outrace suicide.Whitney served under Col. Roosevelt during the Spanish-AmericanWar.fei PaSOME FISH.While on a fishing trip to LickingRiver, Tuesday, Judge Charles A.McMillan made a splendid catch inthe shape of a catfish weighing fortypounds. The big fish was served ata local restaurant to the Judge anda number of intimate friends whopronounced it of splendid quality.iPRIDE!G-iA CITY ORDINANCE TO WHICH NOATTENTION IS PAID.THE NEWS does not wish to ap-pear m xne attitude ot a grump ora scold, but there is certainly a limitto patience, and a time when forbear-1ance ceases to be a virtue. All thishas to do with a city ordinance inregard to drivers of automobiles andutuei motor anven venicies usingmufflers.Residents of Pleasant street are almost driven to their wits' end by theconstant noise and racket occasionedby careless and reckless drivers wholeave their mufflers open, as theymake a speedway of the street. Thereis a city ordinance, observed only inits constant violation and utter disregard, which prohibits open mufflers.Yet it is an everyday occurrence tohear a machine go by making anoise, and a most unnecessary noise,like a freight engine with the bloweron. Numerous complaints of thesehideous noises have been made fromdifferent sections of the city, yet absolutely nothing has been done toward suppressing them.If there is any reasonable and justexcuse for some dunder-headed idiotgoing through the business or theresidential section of the city withthe muffler of his machine wide open,even the automobilists have beenunable to admit it. They tell us thatit is inexcusable, yet it seems somedrivers have a desire to let the public know their machines have a mufflerrather than have them go in ignorance of that important fact.We have heard complaints made byresidents of Pleasant street of inability to sleep on account of these nerveracking outbursts of exaggeratedmuffleritis. Others have almostreached the point of taking the lawin their own hands. There isn't acity the size of Paris in this Statewhere such a rank violation of an.ordinance is permitted. Is it goingto keep on indefinitely in Paris? Isthere any recourse under the law?We have ourselves experiencedsomething of the nuisance complained of. We have known auto driversto stop their machines in front ofthis office and leave their enginesrunning, and even the mufflers open,for thirty minutes at a time yetthere is an ordinance against it. Butas between friends what does an ordinance amount to in Paris?IS ISWORK PROCEEDING ON NEW DIRECTORY. The work of compiling data andnames for the new city directory ofParis, which is being done by theHoffman Directory Co., of Quincy, 111.,is proceeding rapidly.A large force has been busy locating names and place of residence ofParis citizens, and the hope is expressed that no one will be missed,and that the book will be a completeone in every respect. The men havebeen somewhat hampered in theirwork by the incomplete system ofnumbering houses. In many casesresidents had lost or misplaced theirnumber slips, and could not tell thenumber of their houses. Othershad their numbers but had not goneto the trouble of putting them inplace.The work on the directory will becompleted in a few days, and thebook, it is expected, will be publishedand placed in the hands of subscribers by Sept. 20 at the least. Thedirectory people are aiming to makethe new book the most complete ofits kind in the State.lafeisCLASS IN MILITARY TRAINING.A class in military training maybe instituted in Paris, if Miss AliceRogers Clay are carried out.Miss Clay, who is nowin Chicago,will return "to Paris about the latterDart of August. She has been takinga special course of training in military tactics, for several months,having previously taken a similarcourse at Chevy Chase, near Washington, D. C.Miss Clay desires to organize aclass in military training for womenand girls in Paris, the entire proceeds of the tuition to be given tothe Red Cross Society. Those whoare interested may obtain further information by applying to Dr. MarthaPetree before the return of Miss Clay.m toDRAFTED MEN ARE BARREDFROM NAVY.Orders countermanding those received a few days ago allowingdrafted men to be enlisted in thenavy with the consent of the localexemption boards were ' received bythe navy station at Lexington, Wednesday. Provost Marshal GeneralCrowder has ruled that the mendrafted 'cannot be taken from theNational Army on the grounds of enlistment in any other branch of thecountry's service. The new ordersstate that the navy has not less thanseven or eight million men of draftage to draw from and those belowthe age of twenty-one in addition.An extra effort is being made to getmen between seventeen and twentyone. ..BOURBON FARMING CONDITJOHS.Crop conditions in Bourbon countythis week are reported as being very-favorable. Corn bmn on r'all present very excellent prospects,,and the farmers are optimistic forbanner yields and bumper crops. Thefarmers have been very busy thisweek, and the few who attended fairsin the vicinity wishedvnoir v.themselvesTobacco topping is in progress andit is reported that the crop wiHbeready for cutting at about the usualtime in this county. The quality otthe weed is better than last year,and, although buyers are offering fifteen cents per pound for the newcrop, not .many sales are being reported, farmers preferring to hold forthe open market, which they believewill give them a twenty-cent average.Corn is suffering somewhat fromthe long dry spell, but has been benefitted by the recent rains, which'helped it to mature. The crop, it isestimated, will be the largest raisedin Bourbon county for many years.The price of corn is still $10.50 perbarrel on the wholesale market and?12 att he retail dealers.Pastures and gardens have takenon new life since the rains. Beans,tomatoes, and all such products asare being canned by the thriftyhousewives of Bourbon, will be moreplentiful now and greatly improvedin flavor and quality.Farmers are reported to be balingstraw in greater quantities this yearthan usual to help provide for the anticipated shortage of feed this winter.The hay harvest is over and the crophas turned out fairly well. The pricehas taken a slight upward tendencysince last week.The wheat crop is practically allthreshed. The price has' droppedfrom $2.35 per pushel to $2.25, witha corresponding drop in the price offlour. This action was taken by reason of the recent taking over by theGovernment of the control of foodstuffs in the United States. )?Si fe to ;WILL LEAVE PARIS.Mr. Keene F. Daniel has placedthe property in which he has beenresiding, at Nineteenth and Mainstreets, in the hands of a Paris realestate firm for disposal at privateor public sale, and with his family,will move to London, Ky.Since the horrible and tragic deathof his wife under the wheels of anmterurban car in front of theirs .home a few days ago,. Mr. Daniel hasbeen griefstricken, with no desireto return to the home so rudely desolated. He is engaged in the lumberand timber business, which requireshis personal attention most of thetime.to fe toGARTH PUND BENEEICIARIES.Pursuant to an order from theCommissioners of the Garth Fund,Messrs. E. M. Dickson, John T. Collins and C. M. Thomas, the presentbeneficiaries of the fund are expectedto appear before them at the courthouse on Monday, August 20, for examination. They will be required tosubmit a report of their expenditures of the fund for the past schoolyear, together with their reports.On the following day, Tuesday,August 21, new applicants for thebenefits of the fund will be examined. These are requested to bringtheir recommendations and schoolreports for the past school term. Theexaminations will be conducted byProf. E. M Costello.to to toEOR THE HOSPITAL.The members of the WomansBoard of the Massie Memorial Hospital request that the housekeepersin the city and county remember,the Hospital pantry during the season for canning and drying fruits,and vegetables.A pantry shower is held every yearabout Thanksgiving and donations otsupplies will be more appreciated thisyear than ever before on account ofthe high prices that prevail. Thereis a number of empty jars at the Hospital, and these will be cheerfullygiven to any who will refill them.These jars filled with good things-,such as the housewives of Bourboncounty know how to prepare will bea boon and blessing to the Hospital.,PRESENTED WITH TVTETUT,Sergeant Alexander McCIintock of-Lexington, who served in the Eighty- - yseventh Battallion Canadian Grena- rfdier Guards from September, 1915,to November, 1916, when he was fbadly wounded, was presented with ',a distinguished conduct medal attthe Britisn Consul General's office in:New York. He has been accepted forthe Second Plattsburg officers train-'ing camp.Sergt. McClintock's series of articles entitled "Over There," recentlyconcluded in THE NEWS, were raadwith interest b,y hundreds of readers!Jton't, gouge-other people,carving out your fortune. ' fwailgo?-!i"it:ftrnwItMnif ifft. iI4i.. !-ISii 3ks.i-a" 4 - "t-v "1 -r- "iPAGE TWOTHE BOURBON NEWS, PARIS, KY.FRIDAY, AUGUST 17. 1117--vThe Bourbon News'-bllshed 188135 Yearstlnuous Publication.ofCon-xbllshed Every Tuesday and Friday.r Year... $2.00 Six Months... $1.00Payable in Advance.SWIFT CKAMP, Editor and Owner.Aii? erroneous reflection upon thecharacter, standing or reputation ofany person, firm or corporation whichmy appear in the columns of THEBOURBON NEWS will be gladty corrected if brought to attention of thedltor.ADVERTISING RATESDisplay Advertisements, $1.00 perInch for first time; 50 cents per incheach subsequent insertion.Reading Notices, 10 cents per lineeach issue; reading notices in blacktype, 20 cents per line, each issue.Cards of thanks, calls on candidates, obituaries and resolutions, andsimilar matter, 10 cents per line.Special rates for large advertisements and yearly contracts.The right of publisher is reservedto 'decline any advertisement or otherbatter for publication.Announcements for political officesmust invariably be accompanied bythe cash.THE DEMOCRATIC TICKET.Tor State Senator George Hon, ofClark CountyTor Representative C. M. Thomas,of Bourbon County.3?or Sheriff Will G. McClintock.Tor County Clerk Poarce Paton.Por County Judge George Batterton. Por County Attorney David D.Cline.Por County Superintendent of SchoolsJ. B. Caywood.For Jailer Thomas Taul.Por Assessor Walter Clark.Por Coroner Rudolph Davis, Paris.Por Magistrate i. J- Fretwell, ParisPrecinct; John N. Shropshire,Centerville Precinct; E. P. Thomasson, Millersburg Precinct; Jno.S. Wiggins, Hutchison Precinct;R. O. Turner, Ruddles Mills Precinct; John S. Talbott, North Middletown Precinct; S. R. Burris, Little Rock Precinct; Lee Stephenson, Clintonville Precinct.Por Mayor E- B. January.Por Chief of Police W. Fred Link.Por Councilmen First Ward JohnMerringer, John Christman andThos. Kiser; Second Ward S. K.Nichols, J. J. Veatch and JohnAfkle; Third Ward Geo. Doyle.EDITORIAL MUSINGS..Speaking of TomatoesA pioneer citizen of Paris was telling us the other evening about thedays when the tomato, one of thefavorite vegetables at this time, wasshunned hy everyone and pointed toas being "rank poison." Doubtlessyou have heard your own father ormother tell about the time they firstbecame acquainted with this nowpopular food, and you've smiledfew cases of infantile paralysis havebeen reported throughout the cqUn'try. Paris people recall the fearfulepidemic which swept over New Yorkand a number of large Eastern citieslast summer, and doubtless manyhave wondered why, with the returnof the hot, summer months, it hadnot broken out afresh.Here is the solution. Last fall inNew York there was perfected a veryunique organization known as the"Anti-Litter League." The membersrealized that through clean streeisand good sanitary conditions theycould prevent a repetition of lastsummer's epidemic. It often takes agreat calamity to arouse a people toaction. Before old Pharaoh wouldgive his consent for the children ofIsrael to depart out of tie land ofbondage his people were afflicted witha number of plagifes, but not untilthe death angel visited the homesof the Egyptians and killed the firstborn in every home would the Egyptian ruler give his consent. Even soit required strong measures to awaken the people of New York. Andwhen they did the "Anti-Litter Society" was the result.Here in Paris each and every manand woman should be an "Anti-LitterSociety' within themselvesCarelessness is to blame for streetsand sidewalks being Jittered withscraps of paper, banana peels and thehundred and one things which thepeople in their thoughtless momentscast away, without even giving athought to the results. Garbage cansmay be placed at convenient places,but some people think they are theresolely for ornamental purposes, or atleast they fail to make use of them.There is no need of waiting for anepidemic of disease to start in Parisbefore beginning to keep the streetsand alleys clean. Now is the besttime to throttle an epidemic beforeit starts. It can be done, as it hasbeen done in New York, only whenevery man and woman in Paris appoints himself and herself a committee of one to see that the streetsare not littered up.All of those U-boats have to startfrom somewhere, and they have tohave somewhere to go for their supplies. That's why we can't understand why someone hasn't discoveredby this time where the place is located. Pa fePOR MOTHERS, SISTERS, SWEETHEARTS.Have you a son in one of our armytraining camps, a brother, or asweetheart? Read Mary WoodsonShippey's stories in the SouthrnWoman's Magazine of all the splendid things these boys are learningin Uncle Sam's big soldier-schools.Perhaps you will be a little bit lesslonely and less sad when you realizfwhat wonders in the way of trainingand discipline, and what wonders inthe way of true reverence and patriotism and ideal manliness are beingdeveloped.Our boys will be finer men to thevery end of their lives, because ofthe service they are giving to theworld.You will be more than glad to readwhat Mrs. Shippey has learned aboutall of this at first hand. Next monthshe will tell about the boys in theartillery and cavalry training camps,and after that she will write of themendous a part in winning our victories. ?S te PsGOVERNMENT TO SUPPRESS EXCESSIVE USE OP GASOLINE.when they explained how at first .aviation school whose graduates arethey called them "love apples," and 1 10 take so spectacular and so tre-only had them about the house andgarden for oranmental purposes.But we daresay there are amongBourbon county people many whomay still harbor the belief that, likecorn, and potatoes and beans, the tomato has always been considered anedible vegetable.As near as it is now 'possible totell, the first tomatoes grown in thiscountry were from seed brought toVirginia by Horace B. Smith, a nativeof Bordeaux, France, but a globetrotter and for many years a residentof the West Indies. It was while hewas in the West Indies that he discovered the fruit or vegetable, whicheveryou may prefer to designate it, andeven at that time the natives werenot acquainted with its edible qualities. From the seed sown in Virginia the tomato, of "love apple,"soon found its way to the other colonies. Along about 1819 a Frenchchef visiting in this country cameupon the tomatoes and announcedthat the discovery had been made inJhis land that properly cooked and-not partaken of in too great quantities the tomato made an excellentarticle of diet. And he prepared forthe old Virginia family of WilliamStanberry, Esquire, what is believedto have the first dish of tomatoesever served in this country.The "love apple" was slow ingaining popularity, however, andeven the opening of the Civil Warfound people of a number of Western States in ignorance of its goodproperties from a food standpoint.But Americans, quick to grasp any-; thing that is good, and especiallythat which is good for the stomach,i soon discovered that, instead of be-Mng "rank poison" the tomato, nowserved on millions of dining tablesa.nd in scores of ways, is a delightfulfood.PRESERVE WHAT YOU CAH.Preserve what you can. Can whatyoii-can. Drytwhat yoU can. Losenothing of perishable products thatit is possible to save.Preserve as many products in yourgarden as you can. Can, Dry, Evaporate, Pickle or Brine. By the dryingmethod, all of the surplus water isdriven off by placing the products ontrays in the sun, over a stove, or before an electric fan. Dried fruits andboxes tight enough to exclude insects. Soaking in water will bringthe products back to a large extentto their original state, and they maybe cooked like fresh products.There may be a shortage of cansand glass jars, but all kinds of recaptacles can be utilized. Put fruitjuices in ordinary bottles, sealingwith a cork and paraffin. Preservedor jamed fruits or berries can beput in glasses and sealed with paraffin, or in wide-necked bottles if thecans or jars are not readily obtainable. Dry such vegetables as sweet corn,snap and string beans, shelled bean&.shelled peas and the root crops. Ifyou have plenty of cans or jars allof the above named vegetables canbe canned. Write for bulletin on canning if same is desired.Do not have an empty containerin your home next fall. Do your partI to prevent food waste.te fe ISGOOD RESULTS.Reports from the Officers' TrainingCamps indicate that the results inthe central fifteen States, called theCentral Department of the Army, including West Virginia, Kentucky,Ohio, Indiana, Michigan, Wisconsin,Illinois, Minnesota, Iowa, North Dakota, South Dakota, Nebraska, Missouri, Kansas and Colorado, far exceed the results in the Eastern,North Eastern, South Eastern, Southern Departments, with the WesternDepartment yet to be heard from.A total of 31,792 applicants werereceived in this territory to fill 5,796vacancies at the Training'' Camps.This assures the country the bestpossible choice of candidates for commissions and makes it possible to provide a capable set of men to lead thenew National Army.Kentucky has sent a splendid lot ofyoung men to Camp Benjamin Harrison, and it is certain that they willmake a good record in the service ofthe United States.1E3 ?si ISTHE EWING PAIR.The twenty-fourth annual meetingof the Ewing Fair and races beganyesterday and will continue for threedays. The program is bigger and better than ever. Many new departments have been added this year.One of the best bands in the Statewill furnish the music, and Littlejohn with his United Shows, ninecarloads, accompanied by his famousItalian band, makes this one of thebiggest years this company has everundertaken.Thousands of people from adjoining counties will attend this year,and the company has made preparations to lake care of larger crowdsthan ever before. Get the habit of attending the Ewing Fair.Hear Michael's Band, of Covington,all three days.IBs a feMANY THOUSAND SHINGLESSHIPPED BY PARCEL POSTDR.GANPTELD WILLKENTUCKY.STAY INDr. W. A. Ganfleld, of Center College, Danville, has announced thathe had declined the call to the presidency of Carroll .College, Waukesha, Wis., from which he went toDanville in June, 1915."It is true that I have been askedby the trustees of Carroll College toconsider their hearty and unanimouscall. I am, however, very much devoted to my work at Center Collegeand am every much in love withKentucky. I believe that the people of this State and the friends ofCenter College want me to stay, andI am sending a letter to all my boysand young men, telling them I willbe ready to receive them at Centerwith my very best smile on September 12. I believe Kentucky couldconfer on me no greater honor orpleasure than that of being president of famous old Center."SpecialCut Prices!To close out burentire stock ofChinawareGlasswareandGranitewareBusyBeeCashStore"The Store For Daily Bargains"EverybodyKnowsHendricksTelephone 2585 Lexington, Ky.rAll Metal(Higgins Mfg. Co.)Window ScreensWeather StripsWALGER AWNINGS,sBest Screen Doors and Windows InThe World.Window and Door Equipments.T. A. HENDRICKSOffice and Residence, 264 Rand AvenueLEXINGTON, KY.A MAN AND HIS WIFEmay both derive satisfactionby having their worn and soiledgarments cleaned by us. Theco3t is nominal, while the pie asure of wearing old clothes thathave the appearance of new, inconjunction with the knowledgethat you are effecting a greatving, must surely satisfy you.j A phone brings us.LEVY, THE DRY CLEANERCumberland Fhone 40 Home Phone 1692.--.- ... ... ... .IV'4 1 TVVH"!"i"X"X"M"X"X4 tfMMMTMTi.Ti.Ti.T.tT..TMtitTiTt.T....T..y....Y..Y..y...;..;.,y,,;, j j I-M"I"r-I"I"ITl I I II f'l !! ! ' 7iTWIN BEOS. DEFT. STOREWE CLOSE AT 5 P. M. EXCEPT SATURDAYS AND COURT DAYSWarning of the possibility of dras-! tic action by the Federal Governmentto stop excessive pleasure use of automobiles during the war in orderthat the gasoline needs of the UnitedStates and its Allies may be met, isgiven in a statement issued by Director Van H. Manning, of the Bureau of Mines, in which he asks theco-operation of automobile owners instopping the practice.Enough gasoline to care for the requirements of America and perhapsthat of its Allies will be saved, in theopinion of Mr. Manning, "if automobile owners of the country will stopunnecessary and extravagant pleasure riding and if the owners and.dealers handle this fuel in a carefuland economical manner."l ISIT'S NOW BRIGADIER GENERALROGER WILLIAMS.A statement from Chicago is to theeffect that there are just eight timesas many chickens in cold storage asat any time last year. Now whenone disappears from Paris we willknow where to look.That Stitch In Time. . .,Residents of Paris have- possiblynoticed -uiat 'so far this season veryNominations of more than 200 newmajor generals and brigadier generals who will hold commissions in thenew army were sent to the SenateWednesday by President Wilson.They include all the national guardgeneral officers.Among the nominees were Roger D.Williams, of Kentucky, who will be abrigadier in the new army.PR vWl PRDISCOVER CONSPIRACY TONER TOMATOES.C0R-Evidence of a conspiracy amonglarge packing interests to corner theentire tomato output of the Pacificcoast has been discovered, it was saidSaturday at the offices of the FederalTrade Commission in Washington.p lasCHRONIC CONSTIPATION.It is by no means an easy matterto cure this disease, but it can bedone in most instances by takingChamberlain's Tablets and complyingwith the plain printed directions thataccompany each package.""" (aug-adv)(Popular Mechanics Magazine.)A Western lumber company madeexceptional use of the parcel-postsystem not long ago when it shippeda consignment of 30,000 shinglesthrough the mails. The destinationof the shingles was fifty-two milesfrom the shipping point and the postal charges were less than $50. Although a shipment of this size is uncommon, the parcel post is frequentlyused in the Western States to sendsupplies to remote places in the stockraising country as well as to themines, many of which are far fromthe beaten paths of travel, and sohave no adequate railway facilities.The lot of shingles referred to wentvia a star rural delivery route.is m mCOMMA IS A LITTLE THING, BUT,OH, MY!A comma is a little thing, sang asoap-box lyrist in Times Square, inNew York, the other afternoon, butoh ! oh ! what a difference it makeshere and there. Grammar for themasses was the plea of the shirtsleeved gent and he was retailing itat 30 "cents a throw, binding included. To show, the value of the littlecomma he wrote upon the blackboard at his back, the sentence:"Ah! Woman, without her, man isbut a beast."An excellent sentiment, agreed thestreet corner philosopher. But look!The comma was transferred and thusthe sentence read:"Ah! Woman, without her man, isbut a beast."JB m 1S5BIG SHIPMENT OF SHEEP.Caywood & McClintock, of Paris,shipped Wednesday to the New Yorkmarkets one of the largest consignments of lambs ever sent out fromParis. The shipment comprised 1,742lambs, which were purchased last December from Thos. Henry Clay, Sr.,and sons, Thos. Henry Clay, Jr.,and George Williams Clay at goodprices. The purchasers will realizenearly $5,000 on their investment atpresent prices in the market. 3ONE LOT OFLADIFS'SummerHatsGo Por50c EachPARASOLSALL OURLadies'and Children'sParasolsNow AtHALF PRICEONE LOT OP LADIES' SUMMERWashSkirtsGo AtM75c Each IJust Arrived New Fall Felt Hats!"" -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- --- -- -- .- jr-mrW V W W W W W"'MI.M.i4Hrf.AAA4u..t.lT..T. MFMTtTIMIII M"M. ! I -IFNAL CUT PRICESON ALL SUMMER GOODSWe Have About 30 GENUINE Palm Beach SuitsAlmost every size in the lot. Values up to $10.00. Take yqur pick.$575About 20 Pongee Suits (Mostly Large Sizes)'S3)Unrestricted choice Men's Straw Hats $1.00All Genuine- Panamas $2.757575c Sport Shirts . 50ctsOdd Palm Beach Coats $2 25Get Our Prices on Articles Not Mentioned Above.Twin Bros. Clothing and Shoe Dent.cia ma.im c.-m.- d: w.t - . MOTC " iteattm Blue Trading Stomps619 Main Street, Paris, Ky.T',iFRIDAY, AUGUST 17, 1917.- -!& -TTHK BOURBON NKWS, PARIS, EX.LPAGE THVIIMflRGOLEN'SSPECIALSFor This WeekBeefPork1VealV.LambMflRGOLEN'SSanitary Meat MarketG0VEEW1VEENT TO PURCHASEOPEN MARKET.INIn order to give the farmer andbreeder the opportunity to sell directto the Government, the Secretary ofiWar has authorized the Quartermaster to purchase mature specimens inthe open market, and any farmer orbreeder who can supply one or morecarloads of animals at sanitary placesuitable for feeding", inspecting,branding, anl loading on cars, is invited to get in touch with army purchasing officers. The types of mulesrequired are wheel mules, load mulesand pack mules, -$b 1 w fSTOMACH AND IIVER TROUBLES.No end of misery and actual suffering is caused by disorders of thestomach and liver, and may be avoided by the use of Chamberlain's Tablets. Give them a trial. They onlycost a quarter.(aug-adv)iTo Whom It May Concern.I will not be responsible for anybills contracted on my account.(14-3t-pd) H. E. HOLLAND.FOR SALEA good 6-year-old gelding. Gooddriver, perfectly gentle, not afraid ofanything. Will stand without hitching. Can be bought at a bargain.E. M. WHEELER,(22-tf ) Eighth and Main, Paris, Ky.Scrap Iron Wanted.I am paying fifty cents per hundredfor all kinds of scrap iron. Not lessthan 1,000 pounds. This material canbe weighed at any city scales. This 1to be relivered to the cars on the Louisville & Nashville tracks, oppositthe freight depot.Call us over the Cumberland 'phon847-J.MAX MUNICH,Eighth Street, Paris, Ky.(oct20-lyr)NOTICETOThe Public!Drivers of all vehicles are herebywarned to go slowly over the bridgeover Stoner Creek at the foot of MainStreet, in East Paris. Heavily-loadedwagons and trucks and traction engines are forbidden to cross thisstructure.By order ofCourt.the Bourbon Fiscal(14-4t)BEN. F. BEDFORD,County Road Engineer.CParis Home SchoolWill OpenMonday, September 3, 191?Mrs. W. A. Harp, Director.Miss E. D. Giltner, Director ofMusic.Whpn 11 nn falJI?lvn.r.PtLLS: Thy rcnw tbenormal vigor andmake me wonn imug. ventre naiwMett's Herrerme ruu i; dc iCRDORFIR, Tr Dr0f litSOCIAL AND PERSONAL.Comings and Goings of OurPeople Here, There andElsewhere.Miss Elizabeth Steele is visitingfriends in Tennessee.Mrs. Thos. M. Funk is a guest ofrelatives in Nicholasville.Miss Mary King, of Mt. Sterling,is a guest of Mrs. Kate Bryan, nearParis.Mrs. Eugene Davis, of Helena, isa guest of Miss Emma Browning, onHigh street.Miss Maraget Willis has as guestthis week, Miss Louise Kohlass, ofWinchester.Mr. Douglas Armstrong, of Chicago, is a guest of friends and relatives in this city.Misses Ruth and Naomi Honakerhave returned to Georgetown after avisit to Paris friends.Miss Fanniebelle Nelson, of Winchester, is a guest of her cousin, MissMaude Wilson, in this city.Mrs. John Doty is a guest' thisweek of her cousin. Mrs. RobertWoodward, near Winchester.Mrs. L. C. Smith and little daughter, of Pensacola, Florida, are guestsof Mrs. Frank P. Kiser and otherParis relatives.Mrs. Frank Trisler and daughter,Miss Marjorie Trisler, are at homefrom a month's visit to relatives inHanley, W. Va.Mr. and Mrs. J. B. Shy has asWednesday for Wuequetonsing, Michigan, to join his wife and child, whohave been summering there.Mr. and Mrs. J. B. Shy have osguests Miss Forrest Hopper anddaughter, Miss Cleora Hopper, of Louisville. 'Mr. and Mrs. J. B. Shy have returned from a visit to friends and relatives at Blue Licks, in Nicholascounty.Miss Lucy B. Campbell, of Cincinnati, is a guest of her uncle, Dr.F. P. Campbell," and Mrs. Campbell.on High street.y Mr. Frank Lenihan and sister,Miss Mary Lenihan, have gone toCarlsbad Springs, at Dry Ridge, for asojourn of several days.Mr. J. Stuart Wallingford has returned to his duties at Middletown,Ohio, after a visit to his father, Dr.J. S. Wallingford, in this city.Miss Elizabeth Campbell has returned to her home in Cincinnati, after a' visit at the home of her brother,Dr. F. P. Campbell, on High street.Mrs. J. W. Barnett and daughter, Mrs. Edward Cheney and MissLouella Cheney, have returned from avisit to relatives in Detroit, Michigan. Mrs. Ollie Kenney and daughter,Miss Margaret Kenney, and Mrs. Edward Muir and daughter, of. .Kansas,are guests of relatives near Hutchison. Miss Lucile Chipley is hostess toMiss Elizabeth Caywood, of Frankfort, at the home of her parents, Mr.and Mrs. S. T. Chipley, on South Mainstreet.Mr. and Mrs. Harry Jeffers anddaughter, Miss Josephine Jeffers, havereturned from a vacation stay of twoweeks with friends and relatives inFranklin county.Mrs. Edward Prichard entertained with a knitting party flankedby refreshments at her home recentlyin honor of her guest, Miss HildaThrelkeld, of Maysville.Mr. Henry C. Lilleston has returned to his home in Kansas City,Mo., after a visit to his sisters, MissesLilleston, on Higgins Avenue, and hisbrother, Mr. Louis Lilleston.Mr. and Mrs. B. G. Jasper andthree children, of Philadelphia, havearrived for a visit to Miss ElizabethJasper, and the family of Mr. andMrs. William Myall, on Main street.Mr. and Mrs. Charles Link andlittle son, who have been guests ofMr. and Mrs. Robert Link, Sr., onSouth Main street, have returned totheir home in Kansas City, Mo.Dr. Chas. G. Daugherty, who wasburned about the face and head andarms some time ago by a natural gasexplosion, is greatly improved andwill soon be able to dispense with thebandages.Pearce Beatty, Thomas Elder andWill Gorey are in camp on the banksof the Licking River, near PleasantValley. A Paris girl remarked thatthe boys must be in training for service in the war.Among the most attractive visitors in Paris this week are Misses Elizabeth Kemp, of Earlington, andGenevieve Huffaker of Lawrenceburg,who are guests of Mr. and Mrs. Wm.K. Griffith, at their home on Cypressstreet.Prof, and Mrs. Jesse T. Hazelrigg, of Winchester, were recentguests of Mrs. Hazelrigg's mother,Mrs. C. A. Daugherty, and family.They were en route to Winchesterfrom Carlisle, where they had beenguests of relatives.Mr. Frank Bury, Jr., of Elizabethtown, a former resident of Paris,was a recent caller at THE NEWSoffice. Mr. Bury is a son of Mr. andMrs. Frank Bury, who lived in Parisseveral years ago, and who have beenengaged in farming for some time.The New York correspondence ofthe Courier-Journal says: "Mr. andMrs. Harry Simon, Mr. B. A. Frank,Mr. W. Edward Tucker, and Mrs.Jtfayme Parker, prominent Paris, Ky.,business people, are here inspectingfall stocks in the wholesale districts."Miss -Edith Stivers has returnedfrom. Camp Daniel Boone, on the Kentucky 'Rirfcr, where shefctfaiaemberof the Girls' Honor Guard campingmmfr.;MUm;milrtt.zWrm. im;September to Newport, where she willagain be a member of the faculty ofthe Newport High School.Miss Irene Lenihan has returnedfrom a visit to friends in Lexington.Mrs. L. W. Longmoor, of Covington, is a guest of Mr. and Mrs. RobertMeteer.Mrs. Dabney Carr, of Lexington,is a guest of Mrs. Henry Spears, onMt. Airy avenue.Miss Mary Frances Fisher, ofCarlisle, is a guest of her aunt, Mrs.Mayme Remington Parrish.Hensel Margolen returned Wednesday from a sojourn at West BadenSprings, West-Baden, Indiana.Mrs. E. F. Clay left Wednesdayfor a visit to her sister. Mrs. CharlesH. Mehagan, and family, in Chicago.Miss Minnie Mudd has returnedto her home in Covington, after avisit to friends in Paris and vicinity.Mrs. Sidney Ardery, Jr., leftTuesday for a visit to her parents,Mr. and Mrs. Baird, in South Charleston, Ohio.Mrs. Frank Donaldson and children, of Camden, Ohio, are guests ofMr. and Mrs. H. C. Parvin near Paris,and of Miss Margaret Donaldson, inParis.Mr. John ("Crackerjack") Letton is very ill at his home on Mainstreet. His sister, Mrs. Geffinger, ofxiarroasDurg, arrived Wednesday, tobe at his bedside.Mr. and Mrs. Douglas Armstrongand children, of Chicago, are guestsof Mr. and Mrs. Julian Howe onMt. Airy avenue. They are en routeto Pineville for -a visit to Mr. Armstrong's sister, Mrs. Robert M. Parks.Mr. and Mrs. Fay Ardery andchildren, Mr. and Mrs. Ben Arderyand daughter, and Mrs. Custis Talbott and children, left Wednesday fora two:weeks' stay at Crab OrchardSprings. 'Mr. Frank McCarthy, of Lexington, son of Mrs. P. I. McCarthy, formerly of Paris, has joined the Officers'Reserve Corps, in the training campat Ft. Benj. Harrison, near Indianapolis, Iitd.CONFIRMED TESTIMONYThe KindParis ReadersDoubt.CannotDoan's Kidney Pills have stood thetest. " '-'The test of time the hardest testof all.Thousands gratefully testify.To quick relief to lasting results., Paris readers can no longer doubtthe evidence.It's convincing testimony twicetold and well confirmed.Paris readers should profit by theseexperiences.Mrs. J. T. Martin, 1024 Main St.,Paris, says: "Kidney trouble cameon from a fall and the results werevery severe, causing me more suffering than the fall itself. No one canever know what I went through at 'that time for I suffered awfully. Myback ached and pained until Ithought jit would break in two. Sharptwinges shot through my kidneys andif someone had hit me in the backwith a heavy axe, I wouldn't haveknown the difference. In one weekafter using Doan's Kidney Pills, Ifelt like a different woman, for theygreatly benefitted me." Statementgiven February 17, 1908.RESULTS THAT REMAIN.On November 9, 1916, Mrs. Martinsaid: Doan's Kidney Pills have madecure for me and it has been permanent." Price 60c, at all dealers. Don'tsimply ask for a kidney remedy getDoan's Kidney Pills the same thatMrs. Martin has twice publicly recommended. Foster - Milburn Co.,Props., Buffalo, N. Y. (adv)la te laBourbon LaundryDAVIS & FUNK, Props.Telephone No. 4.West 5 StreettSatisfactionWatchwordis OnrWith all the latest improvements in laundryappliances and experthelpers we are preparedto do work inferior tonone, and solicit yourpatronage.Bourbon Laundry,Paris Kentucky.CAPITAL HOTEL WILL NOTREBUILT AT PRESENT.BEThe Capital Hotel, at Frankfort,which was destroyed by fire lastApril will not be rebuilt in the nearfuture, it was announced Saturday.All bids which were received for itsreconstruction were rejected.Shortly after the fire, directors ofthe Hotel Company had intended tobegin work of rebuilding the hotel assoon as possible in order 0 accommo-One of the social events of th J date members of the Legislature when.season was the supper given Sunday j they meet in January. The announce-afternoon and night on the banks of"beautiful Stoner" by the young menof the Catholic church. Swimming,dancing and games furnished amusement for the party to a late hour.The following composed a swimming party Tuesday at the farm ofMr. Thos. Henry Clay, Sr., near Austerlitz: Mesdames B. A. Frank, O.P. Carter, Jr., N. A. Moore, CharlesD. Webb, Wm. J. Walsh, Misses Nellie Fithian, Nell Crutcher, EmmaLou Scott, Alice Carton, Nancy Wilson, Elizabeth Carter,ment that the hotel would not be rebuilt at present brings about a gravesituation in regard to taking care ofthe legislators.lea les teASK ANYONE WHO HAS USED IT.ELIMINATEYOUR WORRIESFithian, Emily Fithian, Frances Hancock; Messrs. Messrs. John Carton,George White Fithian and RussellFrank.(Other Personals on Page 5.)There are families who always aimto keep a bottle of Chamberlain'sColic and Diarrhoea Remedy in thdhouse for use in case it is needed, andfind that it is not only a good investment but saves them no end of suf-ferine". An in its reliahilitv. ask anv-Josephine , one who hag uged it-fsi fe fe(aug-adv)A man isn't mighty because henever fails, but because of his abilityto rise when he tumbles.High cost of living, warm weather andscarcity of labor is a condition where aHOME TELEPHONEin your residence at reasonable rates andcourteous treatment to all would eliminate a good portion of the worries attributed to this cause.Call at our office or telephone 427, 411 or320 and place your order.Paris Home Telephone ft Telegraph 60;(Inoorpomttd)J. J. VEATCH,District Manager..W. H. CANNON,Local Manager.Hini i i''M"M''i"M'a tin 1 11 i 1 i'i itE. M. WHEELER'S BIGSpecial Cash SaleNOW GOING ONI 3-Burner, $19.00$4.00 Boss Oven52.75Ki.W.V- 'Hjr&V25 PER CENT. OFFALL SUMMER GOODSSuch as Refrigerators, Ice BoxesPorch Furniture,Oil Stoves, OvensPorch Rugs, 6x9Rattinnia $6-009x12 Brussels Rugs $15.00 up to $22.009x12 Axminster Rugs y .$32.00 up to $45.00Bedroom Suits 20 per cent off. .... . '.$25.00 up to $100.00Genuine Quartered Sawed Oak $100.00 CircassianWalnut Suit i $80.00Red Gum Suit $60.00Imitation Quartered Suit, Oak $25.00Dining Room Furniture 20 PerCent. Off.154-inch Top Table, Oak $35.00160-inch Buffet, Oak : $4S.001 China Closet, Oak, 3 mirrors in back $4S.I01 Famed Oak Pedestal Table, 45-inch top $28.001 Fumed Oak 60-inch Buffet .....$27.50Serving Table to match '. $10.001 Fumed Oak China Closet '...$27.50We have Chairs to match in Fumed Oak at $2.75' THIS IS ALL QUEEN ANNE STYLE.Come Ats?and GetPick.GIBSUHREFRIGERATORS'$9.350L M ftl HI H Hi j2-in. Post, $9.00t ftEijtth nd Hain Sts.MEELER- VUPRobneelBailcliig.',& ?K?o '.-' - 'Vv Z. ZZS.r-, r-lS2&D0JV f $v jpiMllllllilllllllllllllMHt"ll"tlH'''''tlnMHMMMlMIM"MllllllllNMIaijfSmiiiJniMB'Iimy4 -i.m V(.J! FOD&THE BOURBON NEWS, PARIS, KY.FRIDAY, AUGUST 17, 1917,t-The Bourbon News "SUSfflUSgBW AEstablished 188136 Years of Continions Publication.'Bublished Every Tuesday and Friday.Per Year... $2.00 Six Months... $1.00" Payable in Advance.WIFT CHAMP, Editor and Owner.(Entered at the Paris, Kentucky,'Postomce as Mail Matter of theSecond Class.)V lVlVr-r-!-jfciVllk.v IIbM-W-vw-I-v vhe9 3vTHEY'RE STILL AT IT!- THE NEWS knows they're still atit, for we have seen them! Thismay not be a very lucid statement,but the explanation will follow. Thepavements of Paris are still beingaised as speedways for boys and girlswho persist in riding bicycles onthem without either bell or lights.We saw three on the pavement nearthe court house in one afternoon,and in making our round's throughthe city in quest of news, discovereda number of others who had takenpossession of the pavements, to theperil' of the unfortunate pedestrianwhom necessity compelled to keep outof the way of the speeding automobiles in the streets.There is the ordinance. The election is over. The police have now nofear of offending a possible voter.Let the nuisance be stopped, and thekids compelled to go where other vehicles are, in the street. And theyshould be compelled, also, to observethe law by having warning bells orhorns and lights.There is absolute danger in thepractice of riding bicycles on thepavements. We saw one woman nearthe postoffice have a very narrow escape from being run down the otherday. It is likely to happen to anyone at any time when the youngsterscome dashing down a street withoutwarning.TEACHERS ELECTED.' At a meeting of the BourbonCounty Board of Education, held inthe office of Miss Mabel Bobbins,County Superintendent of Schools, inthe court house, Miss Jimmie Bowleswas elected teacher of the Ealsschool, and Misses Cordelia Oderand Mary Stagg teachers of the consolidated High School.It was decided that all the countyschool should begin on Monday,September 10, for the fall and winterterm.NORTH MJDDLET0W2TThe choir of the Paris Christianchurch will give a musical concertat the North Middletown Christianchurch to-night, beginning at eighto'clock. The music will be under thedirection of Mr. A. L. Boatright. Allwho attend are assured of an enjoyable evening of song: The followingprogram will be rendered:Chorus, "Rejoice the Lord isKing" AdamsSolo, "Mammy's Lullabay (secular) JamisonMrs. B. R. DickersonChorus, "Gloria Patria" .... MozartDuett, "Sweetest Story EverTold" (secular) StultsMrs. Dickerson, Mr. BoatrightChorus, "Aarm of the Lord.. PorterDuett, "The Lord is My Shepherd" Geo. NevinMrs. Foster, Mr. BoatrightChorus, "Sanctus" GonoudDuett, "Come Holy Spirit" .. JeromeMiss Hattie Hill O'Neill, Mrs. H. E.FosterChorus, "Seek Ye the Lord . . RobertsCornet Solo SelectedWilliam M. TalbottSolo, "Come Unto Me".-. . . .HandelMrs. W. M. TalbottMale Quartette, "Crossing theBar" AdamsMessrs. Boatright, Hendricks, Mitchell, HintonChorus, "In flamatus" RossiniMiss Clara Belle O'Neill, Organist.A. L. Boatright, Director.TtSs 153 feA BEAUTIFUL SIGHT.Read the A. J. Winters Co.'s advertisement on page four in this issueand see what is in store for you, onWednesday and Thursday, August 22and 23.(17-2t) THE A. J. WINTERS CO.fe IS 3BATHERS SHOULD BE CAREFUL.Bathers who are not perfectly familiar with the devious ways andwindings of Stoner Creek should becareful as to the locality they are in.As a rule the banks of the creek slopevery sharply, making the water at anordinary stage anywhere from twelveto fifteen feet in depth. The creek isfed by hundreds of small springs oficy cold water in the bed of the creek.Venturesome bathers diving are aptto strike these cold currents, producing cramps before the bather canreturn to the warmer water nearerthe surface.There are shallow beaches at adozen different points along the creek,affording an ample stage of water forbathing purposes. These are theplaces for beginners and others whoare not expert swimmers. A littlecare may be the means of saving several lives.RAILROAD PAY DAY.Wednesday was a glad day for localemployes of the Louisville & Nashville. Their pay checks were handedout, followed by the distribution ofseveral thousand dollars among Parismerchants.I NO TAXES TO PAY! iiTO OUR CUSTOMERS:Under the provisions of the recently enacted revenuelaw of the State of Kentucky, this bank has elected to paythe taxes assessed against the deposits of our customerswith us. It will not be necessary for you to make anyreturn of cash on deposit with this bank on the forthcoming assessment blank as of September 1, 1917, as thisbank will pay all taxes.Farmers' Bank, MillersburgW. D. McINTYRE, Bres. SANFORD M. ALLEN, CashierHOME TELEPHONE NOTES!DON'T WORRYABOUT TAXES!We will pay all taxes assessedagainst youir money if on depositin this bank: September 1st, 1917.We Cordially Invite YourAccount.VPeoples Deposit Bank& Trust Co.KENTUCKY1PARIS,Miss Maude Day is taking a muchneeded vacation, after many monthsof arduous work. Miss Day is spending her vacation with friendsand relatives at Two Rivers, Wisconsin. Miss Gladys Snapp, or Paris, hasaccepted a position in the office ofDistrict Manager J. J. Veatch, asstenographer.Miss Irene Lenihan has taken a position in the local office as cashier.Miss Lenihan is very popular and willmake an efficient and faithfulworker.Mrs. A. Burgin, who resigned herposition as chief operator somemonths ago to take a position in thegrocery of C. P. Cook & Co., has resumed her old position as head of theforces in the operating room, whichis mighty good news to the patronsof the. Home phones.Mr. J. J. Veatch, District Manager, has returned from a businesstrip to Harrodsburg. Mr. Veatch,with Mr. Minor Corman, of Louisville, General Superintendent, andMr. J. T. Head, manager of the Lawrenceburg exchange, appeared beforethe City Commissioners at Harrodsburg, asking that they be grantedthe privilege of installing pay stations of the Home Telephone Company in that city. After a consultation the Commissioners granted therequest. All the details were arranged, and pay stations will be installed in Harrodsburg at once. Thegranting of this privilege to theHome Telephone Company does notmean that there will be two telephone exchanges in Harrodsburg, butis merely giving the business housesthe right to install pay stations of thecompany at their places so that business will be expedited.Ea 1-3 B3A CARD OE THANKS.I desire through the medium ofTHE NEWS to extend my heartfeltthanks to all those kind-heartedfriends who contributed to the comfort and ease of' my wife during herillness, and to those who helped perform the last sad rites to the deadat her death and burial.It is a great consolation to me,cqmparatively a stranger in Paris,to contemplate the many unselfishacts and kindnesses shown us in thetrials incident to a long illness andin the consequent bereavement. Ishall ever hold grateful memories ofthe Paris people and wherever mylot may be cast I shall always remember with gratitude those whowere so kind to us.Gratefully,T. E. McDONALD..'to to toB-4 FIRE 'Insure withW.O. HINTON &SON,Agtsm laITRE SWEEPS MINING TOWN.Fire destroyed the business sectionof Sumpter, a mining town near Baker, Oregon, causing a loss estimatedat $500,000 to $1,000,000 and rendering several hundred persons homeless. Two persons were burned todeath. Food and tents were sentfrom Baker.Pa 153 PaFire, Wind and LightningInsurance.Thomas, Woodford & Bryan.fe Hj Hi- '"KING ALCOHOL;"This cantata, rendere at St. PaulM. E. Church by the choir and itsfriends, on Monday night, was themost high class affair given in several years. Daisy Hitch represented"Columbia," Mrs. Louise Ayers was"Frances WUllard" and Wm. Bartonwas "Uncle Sam," and Homer Nutterwas "King Alcohol." Lula. Seals andArtie Thomas impersonated the "TwoOrphans."Dr. J. W. Mebane is chorister ofthe choir and conducted the cantata,which received enthusiastic praiseon every hand. Pianist, ChristineMebane; Pipe Organist, Maceo Bishop; Violins, Dr. J. H. Sebree and Mrs.C. D. C. Mebane; Saxophone, Geo.Becket; Pastor of Church, Rev. T. L.Ferguson. Many are urging a repetition at the Opera House.s to toTO TAX PAYERSTax receipts of thecity for 1917 are nowin the hands of CityCollector ClarenceThomas, at the Peoples Deposit Bank.Call and pay themnow.J. T; HINTON,(auglO-tf) Mayor,jS ?3i I& " -APPOINTED TO SERVICE.vSupplementary to the list of officersappointed to service in the U. S. Armyfrom the Officers' Reserve Corps at Ft.Benj. Harrison, the names of CassiusM. Clay, of Paris, Jason Redmon andJames WI. Miller, of Millersburg, havebeen sent in and their appointmentsmade and confirmed as lieutenants inthe service. Bourbon county is nowwell represented in the list of officers,with another contingent to be heardfroni later on in the second call.Mr. Neville Fisher, of St. Louis,formerly of Paris, where he was amember of the legal fraternity, hasbeen commissioned as a Captain inthe U. S. Army, after three monthstraining at .Ft. Riley. Kansas. Mr!Fisher is a son of Mrs. "Wl H. Fisher. Iland a brother of Mr. Wm.Pv Fisher,FOR SALEEighty-four ewes good kind.(17-lt) E. T. Phone 135.For Sale.One pair brown Percheron horses,9 years old sound. Price $400.00.T. M. BUCKNER,(17-4t) R. F. D. 2, Paris, Ky.Household Goods ForSale.ON WEDNESDAY, AUG. 22, 1917,at 2 o'clock, p. m., I will sell at public auction at my residence on SouthMain Street, between Twelfth andThirteenth Streets, all my householdand kitchen effects, including a piano,"hatrack, pictures, garden utensils,etc.MRS. W. R. SCOTT.Geo. D. Speakes, Auctioneer.(17-2t)HtiiiHlil.iliifcJ..t..l..T..Tl f T t f f T J .T.-..T..t..t..f J, w m, j y ... HIUMIIIIIKIIIHION AUGUST 22and23We Will Be Pleased to Show You theMost Complete Line of Gents'and Ladies' Watches in America! INotice of Meeting of GarthFund CommissionersThe present beneficiaries of theGarth Fund are notified to appear before the undersigned Commissionersat the Court House, in Paris, onMONDAY, AUGUST 20, 1917,for examination and they are re-,quested to bring their reports for thepast year and their receipts for thefund expended.All new applicants for the benefitof the fund are notified to meet us atthe same place onTUESDAY, AUGUST 21,next. They are also requested tobring their reports for the past schoolyear and their re-immendations.EMMETT M. DICKSON,JOHN T. COLLINS,CLAUDE M. THOMAS,Commissioners.Paris, Ky., Aug. 14, 1917.(17-lt)1$1.50TOCincinnatiand ReturnOn Special Sunday Excursion onSunday, Aug. 19Special train leaves Paris 8:20a. m., arriving in Cincinnati at10:30 a. m.Returning leaves Cincinnati(4th Street Station) at 7 p. m.W. V. SHAW, AgentW. R. CLINKENBEARD, T. A.STf Sffn The Gruen Watch Manu-VjLJLrCJ L5U U f acturing Company's rep-fefife Mkrftd resentative will be at ourImostteOUftftlwatJL fo these days andmhnenca. and complete line off lU Gentlemen's and Ladies' most accurateJ-lIllCiJlCCCD.You are cordially invited tocall and inspect the "MostBeautiful Watch in America"VERITHINHighest perfectionattainable in class markedfirfftTiir;GENTLEMEN'S AND LADIES'mfETBiTuiiyi??(BADW Watches and Wristletsin Yellow Gold, GreenGold, Platinum, DiamondIncrusted and Silverones in styles too numerous to mention.'a5R9IL&5tRanging in Price From$12.50 to $650.00m One and all are invited to see this beautiful line.It is not necessary that you purchase a watch. Wemerely want you to see this display of perfect timepieces.TheAJ.WINTERSCO.PARIS, KENTUCKYiniiHiimuiiHiii mini muni iiiiiiiii)iniMPUBLIC SALEKENTUCKY TRACTION& TERMINAL COMPANYInterurban Schedule.CARS LEAVE10:06 p. m.ParisforLexington6:45 a. m.7:30 a. m.8:15 a. m.9:00 a. m ,9;45 a. m.11:15 a. m.12:45 p. m.2:15 p. a.3:45 p. m.4:30 p. m.6:15 p. m.6:05 p. m.6:50 p. m.8:16 p. m.11:00 p. m.LexingtonforParis6:00 a. m.7:20 a. m.8:00 a. m,8:50 a. m.10:20 a11:50 a1:20 p2:603:304:206:006:00hi.7:20 p. m.9:10 p. to.250 SHEEP!I will sell 250 stock ewes, all good grade, with goodmouths, atMurphy's Stock YardsonSATURDAY, AUG. 18At 2 P. M.If you are in the market for good sheep be sure andattend this sale.C. T.FAULKNERGEO. D. SPEAKES, Auctioneer.No Taxes To PayTO OUR CUSTOMERS:Under the provisions of the recently enacted revenue law of the State of Kentucky, this bank has elected to pay the taxes assessed against the deposits of ourcustomers with us. It will not be necessary for you to make any return of cash ondeposit with this bank on the forthcoming assessment blank as of September 1st1917, as this bank will pay all taxes. 'j Bourbon-Agricultural Bank &ITrust Co.vMboth of Paris.- . ' .'!"T 'fVVfr-'v""v K ' "-'- hi, , .r, r -f -?TRIDAY, AUGUST 17, 1917.THE BOURBON NEWS, PARIS, KY.PAG1FIY1, .Cm)FOR THE BESTNOTHING ELSEHERE, SLACKERS, LISTEN!"It helps but little in the strife"Says Dr. Evans, with a snigger."To have a. noble aim in lifeAnd never pull the trigger!"mis ISSCHOOL OPENING.Mrs. Sutherland's school will openSeptember 3. Numbei of pupils limited. Your patronage solicited.(14-tf)la is !5iDIVORCE GRANTED.In the Fayette Circuit Court, atLexington, a decree was handed downby Circuit Judge Charles Kerrgranting a divorce to Mr. "Wm. P.Fisher, of Paris, from Mrs. JulietErdman Fisher, of Lexington.E3 T 153READ THE ADVERTISEMENT.An advertisement appears on pagefour of to-day's BOURBON NEWSabout what The A. J. Winters Co. aregoing to have in their store on Aug.22 and 23. Read it over. (17-2t)ISLIBRARY CLOSED.Misses Imogene Redmon and SarahMeglone, librarians of Paris PublicLibrary, entered Monday upon theirvacation, and the Library will, as aresult, be closed for two weeks.Those having books out in that time,which have not been returned, will berequired to pay a fine of two centsper day.2i lEl 13HONEY, HONEY.We have the finest lot of honeyever purchased. The most economical sweet to buy.(It) C. P. COOK & CO.JSS IS m? ' BASE BALL.The Paris Quicksteps, one of thebest colored base ball teams in theState, defeated the Carlisle team recently by a score of 9 to 0. The Paristeam will play a team from Centerville at White Park, in this city nextSunday afternoon.la IS TSREFERRED TO DISTRICT BOARD.At a meeting of the BourbonCounty Board of Exemption held inthe court house yesterday the namesof about one hundred Bourboncounty men who claimed exemption,were , certified for reference to thethe District Board in session in Lexington for final action.A complete list of the names soreferred will be published in the nextissue of THE NEWS.IS ISFALL HATS.All the newest shapes and colorsfrom John B. Stetson.J. W. DAVIS & CO.IS IS ISATTENDS ASSESSOR'S MEETING.Mr. Robt. M. Gilkey, County Assessor of Bourbon county, attended themeeting of County Assessors of theSeventh Congressional District, heldat Frankfort.Mr. M. M. Logan, Chairman of theState Tax Commission, addressed themeeting analyzing the defects of theold assessment law and explainingthe new schedule in detail, explainingeach in turn.Assessors of all the counties in theSeventh Congressional District werepresent with the sole exception ofGeo. W. Frazier, of Powell county.m i iMOST BEAUTIFUL WATCH INAMERICA.On Wednesday and Thursday,August 22 -and 23, the representativeof the Gruen Watch ManufacturingCo. will be at our store with themost beautiful watches in America.Read the advertisement on page fourin this issue.(17-2t) THE A. J. WINTERS CO.IS 1H5 ISOFFICERS ELECTED.At a business meeting of the Epworth League of the Paris Methodistchurch, the following officers wereelected:President Finnell Galloway; vicepresident Y. L. Harrison; secretaryMiss Vella Mastin; treasurer Mrs.James Grinnell, Jr.; correspondingsecretary Miss Edna Snapp. Fiveoffices are yet to be filled by appointment. Miss Elizabeth Wheeler was admitted as a new member. The membersof the society gave an enjoyablesocial on the lawn at the home ofMrs. James Grinnell, Jr., Mondaynight.m 1 toWILL CANVASS RETURNS.The State election commission hasbeen called to meet August 18 for thepurpose of canvassing the election returns of the State primary. It islikely that on that date the countyelection commissioners will be selected. The lists have been received" from the Republican and Democraticcommitteemen of most of the counties. 'The canvass of the returns inBourbon county by the County Commieeiomens shows no material changefrom the first reported figures. CertitaaUs of momiaation were issuedtotY&Ttflbc&kfhT caniidateg.SOCIAL AND PERSONAL.Comings and Goings of OurPeople Here, There andElsewhere.Misses Belle Horton and CorinneCollins are guests of friends in Maysville. Miss Sara Power is visitingfriends and relatives in Masoncounty.Miss Irene Bramblett was theguest of friends in Harrison countythis week.Miss Elizabeth Crutcher is aguest of Miss Miriam Curry, in Harrodsburg. Miss Sue Maddox, of Eminence,is visiting Mrs. Lee Stephenson, inCenterville.Bruce Holladay and Ben Downeywere guests recently at Oil Springs,in Clark county.Miss Elizabeth Caywood hasgone to Hawkinsville, Georgia, tovisit friends for several weeks.Mrs. T. T. Templin and daughter, Miss Mabel Templin, are at Carlsbad Springs, Dry Ridge, for a shortstay.Mrs. Clarence Kenney has goneto Asheville, North Carolina, whereshe will be a guest of friends forseveral weeks.Mrs. Charles C. Clarke entertained recently at her home nearParis in honor of her brother, Mr.Stoddard Young.Mr. and Mrs. Hiram Redmon andchildren have returned to their homein Frankfort, after a visit to relatives near Paris.Mrs. J. Taylor Sharrard has returned from an extended visit to hermother, Mrs. Margaret Griffith, atBroawell, in Harrison county.Mrs. M. J. Murphy and daughters, Misses Katherine and Mary, andMiss Grace Haskins, have returnedfrom a trip to Niagara Falls.Mrs. A. B. Robertson and littleson, of Ashland, are guests of thefamily of Mr. A. J. Austin, nearParis. Mrs. Robertson was formerlyMiss Lillie Austin.Mr. James Thompson, Jr., hasreturned to his home from the GoodSamaritan Hospital, in Lexington,where he has been several weeks, following an operation for appendicitis.Mrs. Nellie Highland entertainedat luncheon yesterday in honor ofMrs. Wm. McPherson, of Salt LakeCity, Utah, who is visiting hermother, Mrs. Jos. M. Rion, on Secondstreet.Miss Iona Buffington, of Elyria,Ohio, Is a guest of the Misses Detwiller, in North Middletown. Herfather had charge of the KentuckyClassical and Business College atNorth Middletown during the seasonsof 1909-1910. He Is now pastor of& church in Elyria.Misses Mary and Miriam Curry,daughters of Mr. and Mrs. D. M.Curry, of Carlisle, formerly of Paris,are convalescing from severe attacksof typhoid fever. Mrs. Carrie F.Stone, of Paris, trained nurse, haschareg of their cases.Mr. John Price has returnedfrom the University of Illinois, inChicago, where he has been attendingsummer school. Mr. Price has beentaking a special course in Englishsubjects, which he will teach at theUniversity of Kentucky this fall.Mr. and Mrs. J. W. Sheeler, ofBerry, entertained with a dining inhonor of Mr. and Mrs. Jas. Sheeler,Mr. and Mrs. Thos. Sheeler, of Millersburg, and Mr. and Mrs. Grinnell,of Paris, and their children. Fourteen guests enjoyed a bountiful repast and spent a delightful day.Mr. J. Quincey Ward, ExecutiveAgent of the State Game and FishCommission, will leave next weekfor a Northern trip of ten days, going first to Chicago and later to St.Paul, Minn. He will attend the annual conference of the NationalGame and Fish Commissioners whileaway.Lexington Herald: "Mr. andMrs. William B. Ardery, of Paris,were here Wednesday en route toOlympla Springs for a visit. Theirson, Winston Ardery, is visiting hisgrandparents and aunt, the Rev. andMrs. I. J. Spencer, and Miss JessieSpencer, during their absence. Theother two sons, William and Phillip,are in Paris with their grandmother,Mrs. Ardery."The following were guests recently at a bridge party given byMrs. Ollie Marshall at her home onSecond street: Mesdames CallaThomas Nichols, George W. Stuart,Frank M. Clay, William R. Scott,Denis Dundon, Wm. McPherson, (SaltLake City, Utah), Harry Mathers,Watson W. Judy, J. W. Bacon, Wm.G. McClintock and Miss Clara Bacon.A delicious lunch followed the games.Miss Clara Bacon was awarded theprize for the highest score, a beautiful embroidered handkerchief.Paris friends have received thefollowing announcement of the marriage of Miss Ruth Gardner, of Eminence :"Mr. and Mrs. Arey Newton Miles'announce the marriage of their sisterRuth GardnertoMr. John Stapp Mitchellon Thursday, the ninth of Augustone thousand nine hundred and seventeen Eminence, Kentucky."At Home 1after the fifteenth of AugustCoiumbusKntucky." .) (Other Personals on Page S.)HOME FROM TRAINING CAMP.The following Bourbon countyyoung men, who have recently received commissions as officers in theU. S. Army service have returnedfrom Ft. Benj. Harrison for a shortstay at home: Reuben B. Hutchcraft, Jr., William Collins, RobertJones, Rogers T. Moore and FrankCaldwell.They have been in intensive training at Ft. Benj. Harrison for threemonths. As far as could be ascertained, all carried orders to report atvarious camps within the next twoweeks, and it is probable they willleave for their respective posts beforeSept. 1. In most cases the orders callfor their appearance at Camp Taylor,near Louisville, not later than August 29.The Bourbon contingent which arrived here is composed of CaptainWilliam Collins, of North Middletown ; First Lieutenants Robt. Jones,North Middletown, and ReubenHutchcraft, of Paris; Second Lieutenants Rogers Moore, of Paris, andFrank Caldwell, of Millersburg.Editor Warren Fisher, of the Carlisle Mercury, takes the followingshot at Lieutenant Reuben Hutchcraft: "Our old friend, Reuben Hutchcraft, of Paris, has been commissioned a first lientenant in the officerss'reserve. A crackin' good lawyergone, but we feel sure that if they'llonly put Rube 'over the top' whenhe gets to France and let him howllike a locoed hound, as he was wontto do in those happy college days,when the more pious of the youngmen of the school had gathered totake tea and fudge, or anything else,that was loose if they'll just lethim howl once and give the Dutch agood look at him, the road to Berlinwill be open."?s is ?aREADY.Now is the proper time to selectyour custom tailored suit. We havejust received a wonderful assortmentfrom the importers of fine foreigngoods.J. W. DAVIS & CO.ES 1GETTING READY FOR SCHOOL.Preparations are now being madefor the opening of the Paris andBourbon county schools, which is notvery far off.The school authorities are expecting to have a record-breaking enrollment this season, and the schoolbuildings in the city and county vrillbe put in first-class condition duringthe next few weeks, ready for thereception of the students.isaiab m&VISIT OUR STOREOn August 22 and 23 and take alook at the Gruen watches, the handsomest timepieces in America. Readthe advertisement on page four ofthis issue.(17-2t) THE A. J .WINTERS CO.TAKE AKODAK!Snapshots of various summersports will add immensely to thefunfishing, swimming, etc.But be sure its a KODAK"If it isn't an Eastmanit isn't a Kodak"Kodaks $5.00 upBrownie Cameras $1.00 upAlso a Full Line ofSporting GoodsSwimming Suits 75c to $5.00Water Wings. ' 35cBathing Caps 35cDaughertyBros.Paris, Keiticky -READY TORYOUR VACATION?3 IVf uch of its comfortWARNERSwill insure the correct fit of your summeryour personal comfort. Buy several youwith your lingerie. They will not rust.ModeratelyHARRY SIMONOne Price To AllWe have for you some of the BIGGEST BARGAINS we have ever offered inKaltex Porch FurnitureLawn SwingsPorch SwjngsRefrigeratorsWe are disposing of these articles at the prices we areoffering themFOR CASH ONLYYou know when we say reductions we MEAN REDUCTIONS !THEJ.T HINTONCO.MOTOR HEARSEIEITHERPHQNEVHyf WWkiy l(will depend on yourRustProof, FrOm$1.00 UPEvery Corset Guaranteed !FOR YOUand HammocksMOTOR INVALID COACH36s-corset. One of ourCORSETSfrocks, as well ascan launder them?ur$?- - UNDERTAKING -3SIXTH AND MAIN STS. A'itht4ImtoW-?'iXFRIDAY, AUGUST "17, If 17"1WHEAT THRESHING ABOUT COM- CHAMBERLAIN SAYS OPPOSITIONPLETED. - TO DRAFT WORK OF GERMANSTHE BOURBON NEWS, PARIS, KY.Farmers report that the threshingof "wheat is practically completed inBourbon county, and that the yieldis very satisfactory. Millers and farmers say the quality of the grain thisyear is good and that it weighs heavier than last year.Tne acreage was a trifle smallerthis year, but the production is larger. The yield ranged from ten toforty bushels per acre, the averagebeing from from en to twenty-fivebushels per acre.Paris millers are still offering $2.35per bushel for wheat, but the amountsold on the market continues to bemall. Much brought in 4is stored,and only a comparatively smallamount is placed on the market forsale.fe te feSHIPMENT OF TOBACCO FOR U. S.TROOPS LOST.The Young Men's Christian Association's shipment of tobacco for theAmerican troops in France has beenlost. Word came from Paris fromthe Red Cross Commission in France,saying no suitable tobacco to replacethe lost shipments , was obtainedthere, and urged that ten tons oftobacco be shipped at once.The Red Cross War Council immediately accepted an offer of the Liggett & Myers Tobacco Company todonate 1,500,000 cigarettes, 20,000packages of smoking tobacco and 10,000 cuts of chewing tobacco, whichwill be forwarded to the Americantroops at once. France has agreed toadmit the tobacco free of. duty as wellas all other articles for the Americansoldiers.E3 S feDRAFTED MEN TO RECEIVEPROPER CONSIDERATION.Men called for military services under the selective draft law will receive consideration of a nature vastlydifferent from that govening the conscription of the War Between theStates or the methods employed inGermany or other nations in forcingmen into ranks of the army. In theregulations governing the mobilization of selected men in their homedistricts for transportation to thecantonments, the President has urged every precautions dispel the notion of enforced or unwilling service.These regulations, approved by thePresident, were announced Fridaynight.MUSICIANS BADLY WANTED BYNAVY.Recruiting by the United Statesnavy at its Frankfort station hasbeen discontinued and Chief Gunner'sMate It. L. Hal lam, who lias been incharge, is now at the Lexingtonstation, Chief Gunner's Mate Manegold, directorof the activities, reportsthat a number of men are enlisting-with the idea of becoming ships'cooks, but that musicians are appearently scarce. These are the men mostwanted at present.SUMMER COMPLAINT.During the hot weather of the summer months sqme member of almostevery family is likely to be troubledwith, an unnatural looseness of thebowels, and it is of the greatest importance that this be treated promptly, which can only be done when themedicine is kept at hand. Mrs. F. F.Scott, Scottsville, N. Y., states, "Ifirst used Chamberlain's Colic andDiarrhoea Remedy as much as fiveytars ago. At that time I had a severe attack of summer complaint andwas suffering intense pain. One doserelieved me. Other members of myfamily have since used it with likeresults."(aug-adv)Much of the opposition to the draftbeing stirred up in the United Statesis the work of German progadandistsand vigorous means should be employed to curb the activity of theenemy within, as well as without, declared Senator Chamberlian, chairman of the military affairs committee, in an address at Jacksonville,Florida, before the lawyers and citizens of Jacksonville."I do not believe," he declared,"that America has yet been arousedto the dangers which confront her onaccount of enemies within and without." Senator Chamberlain defended theright and authority of Congress toenact legislation "providing for theselective draft. He pointed out thatWashington wrote time after time to'the continental congress urging thenecessity of draft and telling of opportunities lost for victory after victory because of an inadequate army.fe IS 1NEAR PERPETUAL MOTIONA German inventor has perfected aclock which seems to be the nearestthing to perpetual motion that has sofar been devised. The clock gets itspower from a revolving shaft whichis impelled by a wheel, whose spokesare capped with hollow glass balls. 1Each ball is covered with cloth andcontains a little ether. As the wheelsrevolve, the lower balls are dippedin water. The balls that are out ofwater are cooled by evaporationfrom the damp cloth. This coolingcondenses the ether, which runs downin such a way as to disturb theequilibrium of the system and turnthe wheel over.s lei tsSEPTEMBER COSMOPOLITANRobert W. Chambers' new novel,The Restless Sex;" a new story byFannie Hurst, "Get Ready theWreaths;" a thriller, "The PurpleFlask," by Gouverneur Morris. Other great features by Theodore Dreiser,Cynthia Stockley, Herbert Kaufman,C. N. and A. M. Williamson, LillieLangtry, Jack London, ArthurReeve, Mary Roberts Reinhart, EllaWheeler Wilcox, George Ade andmany others.IBs mittCONFEDERATE VETERANS TOMEET AT OLYMPIA, SEPT. 5.The fourteenth annual meeting ofMorgan's Men Association will beheld at Olympian Springs, Wednesday, Thursday and Friday, September5, 6 and 7. The sons and daughtersof Confederates are invited. SpecialMeglone.ligrarians of the Paris Publicover the C. & O. railroad.Commissioner of Pensions Stonehas sent out checks amounting to$79,0,622 to Confederate veterans ortheir widows. The total amountspent by the State annually now onthis source is more than $3,000,000.S B H9THE SIXTH SENSE.Human beings have a real sixthsense, says science, in the shape ofa sense of equilibrium. This senseis coming in for much intensive studyto-day, because it is probably themost important qualification for asuccessful aviator. It has been foundto reside in the three tiny canals inthe inner ear. These three canalsare located in the bone of the skull,and are filled with a liquid in whichnerve filaments from the auditorynerve terminate. In some way notyet clearly understood, throughthese canal and nerves, the individual can tell, without being able tosee or feel, just how nearly uprighthis position is. The sense is muchmore keenly developed in some people than in others.Build Up YourBank AccountTake time by the forelock.Don't be satisfied with a smallbalance in bank.Deposit every dollar that youdon't require for your actualneeds.Money is safer in the bankthan in your pocket or in yourhome.You'll be more loath to draw& check than spend the cash.See, us about an account.We do all kinds of banking.."Farmers' i& Traders' BankJhfc. -v t v sW. W. MITCHELL, Cashier.WM. QXIMHCBookkMfW. , '1Paxil, Xemtucky.'jaU .-FIENDISH WORK OF DEVILS INHUMAN FORM.x British medical officers are tryingto determine the nature of the newpoison used, it is believed, for thefirst time by the Germans on theFrench town of Armentieres, nearthe Belgian frontier. The poison borea certain resemblance to the gaswhich temporarily blinded a largenumber of British troops a fortnightago, but its effects are infinitely moreserious.A number of persons taken fromArmentieres are in a grave condition.Many have died in hospitals atHazebrouck, Aire-on-the-Lye, andparticularly at St. Pol-on-the-Teronizwhere more of the victims weretaken.The first time the new poison wasobserved it coincided with the firinginto the town of a hail of smallshells of a caliber insufficient tobreak the paving. These containneither powder 'nor gas, but a colorless 'liquid which spreads over thesoil. In the streets and in courtyards and gardens, where the shellsburst, traces of the noxious liquidsmay be found hours afterward.As the liquid evaporates it produces a heavy gas, which penetratesfrom room to room and descendsinto cellars. It is tenacious in character and seems to make more victims among women than men, closing about their hair. The fumes oftobacco seem to act as an antidotein the case of men.The odor is variously described asresembling that of acetylene, mignonette or pungent mustard. Its effects are not imminent. Some inhabitants of Armentieres who inhaled the emanations in the forenoon returned home without experiencing any ill effects and tookluncheon, but five or six hours laterthey were obliged to take to bed,and their condition became rapidlyworse.The victims at first were affectedin the bronchial tubes, then theireyes swelled and eventually they losttheir sight. These sympoms wereaccompanied by a feeling of burning inside and an incessant coughand fever. The skin turned anearthy color and in several casesdeath followed rapidly. Occasionally, in addition to the symptomsmentioned, the victims were affected by terrible hallucinations anddelirious laughter.P:-amm' No Wonder" Sm "11 1 This Man Smiles!SFPSf "fljMw H1, "as round a real INonokidd fllBrtK . re one e ew resiMNirT with tread so constructed that-.-.r? . I1P 1 it actually protects against dan-..j&0?: ltSfe gers or wet -pavements andWWMJifr muddy roads. And the priceV PlSHBPSii IS ar anc "ht.$$ SSr .y& K'- $0. Standard of Tiro Vmlum1.1 k 00 ' jSSSs IWgm IlvJl lra Parks & San If9m-JdFr c" s" Ba" arage IimlmimCEABS WITH HUMAN FACE.A crab with a human face is oneof the oddities to be found in Papanese waters. Not only that, but theface Is surprisingly like that of a Japanese ,warrior in the "old, unhappy,far off days of the past." This, faceis formed by the .strange iigurationof the crab's neck. To see one ofthe creatUres crawling on the sand isto see what apparently is a humanface moving across the beach.According to Japanese history thenation was beset by a plague of piracy a few centuries ago. The coastswere ravaged, vessels sunk and terror spread generally by maraudingsea rovers. Then the people organized a fleet and set out to exterminate the pirates. A great battle followed, in which all of the freebooterswere slain.At this point legend steps in. It issaid that not long after the battle thefirst of the crabs appeared. With advancing years the crabs increased innumbers until they are quite common. And not only do they bear theface of a fierce old warrior, but it isstrangely like that of a dead manwho had been drowned. The superstitious among the natives say thatthe souls of the pirates entered intothe forms of the crabs.fe fe feCURIOSITIES OF VISION.Lecturing on the "Effect on theEye of Varying Degrees of Brightness and Contrast," before the illuminating Engineering Society recently, Dr. James Kerr, of the publichealth department of the LondonCounty Council, referred to some effects which may be surprising. Having to examine long lists of figuresin blick type? he tried to facilitate histask by drawing vertical and horizontal lines in red ink, but the different focusing of the black and redstrained his eye and gave him aheadache, which did not trouble himwhen all the figures and lines wereeither black or red. Dr. Kerr questions whether a target is more distinct when a brilliantly illuminatedwhite disk appears on a dead blackbackground than when the surroundings were diffusely illuminated.i p 1KE& PftLINES BEING TIGHTENED ONMARRIED MEN.The district draft boards have received instructions regarding married men who are filing claims fordraft exemption. It is indicated thatthe rules are being tightened to prevent married men, with only, flimsyexcuses, from being exempted.The rules show that" if 'the wife isnot entirely dependent upon his mental or physical labor; if she has relatives .who will support her, if he hasan independent income, the marriedman must not be exempted. Iff a wirecan live on rentals from propertyowned by the husband, he must'serve.If his employer offers to pay his salary or enough of it to support thewife, during. the.. husband's absence,that husband must serve his country.There atfe time's when a pinf of iitgoes farther than a gallon of wisdom.EFFORT TO REPEAT THE MONTGOMERY FAIR.Efforts are being made to hold anagricultural show in Mt. Sterling thisfall, probably the last week in Octoberand prizes from $30 down for tobaccoand from $75 down for corn andother farm and kitchen products willbe offered. Much interest is beingmanifested in the project and theshow will undoubtedly be held if thefarmers will show any Inclination toback the movement. It is proposed toopen the show to farmers of Clark,Bourbon, Montgomery, Bath, Powelland Menifee counties.1 i 1ftPAINTING BRIDGES WHITE.This interesting item recently appeared in Service Bulletin of Iowa:"A Tama county bridge on the Lincoln Highway in the Indian Reservation and over the Iowa River ispainted white. People who cross thisbridge at night who are accustomedto the black or red bridges of the.majority of Iowa counties, are struckwith the ease with which the outlinesof the bridge are noted. As a matterof highway safety it would seem tobe a good thing to paint .bridgeswhite. The same color should prevailon guard rails erected on fills and atdangerous turns where such safeguards are erected. In South Dakotait is becoming a customary practicein some sections to paint all bridgeswhite."3 JSSj C3 i"WAR IS HELL."A soldier in the English armywrote home. "They put me in barracks; they ytook away my clothesand put me in khaki," they tookaway my name and made me 'No.575'; they took me to church whereI'd never been before, and made melisten to sermon for forty minutes.Then the parson said: 'No. 575. Artthou weary, are thou languid?' andI got seven days in the guardhousebecause I answered that I certainlywas." Christian Register.fe fe fe'There is more Catarrh in this section of the country than all otherdiseases put together, and for years itwas supposed to be incurable Doctors prescribed local remedies, andby constantly failing to cure 'withlocal treatment, pronounced it incurable. Catarrh is a local disease,greatly influenced by consltutionalconditions and therefore requiringconstitutional treatment. Hall'3Catarrh Medicine, nTSnufacturedby P. J. Cheney & Co., Toledo, O.,is a contitutional remedy, is takeninternally and acts through theblood on the Mucous Surfaces of thesystem. One hundred dollars reward is offered for any case thatHall's Catarrh Medicine fails to cure.Send for circulars and testimonials.p. J. CHENEY & CO., Toledo, O.Sold by Druggists, 75 c.Hall's Family Pills for constipation.G. W. DAVISFuneral DirectorCorner Fifth and Pleasant Streets, Paris, Ky.Day Phones 137 Night Phones 299 or 999Automobile Ambulance Automobile HearseUndertakingOur Winton-Six Automobile Ambulance with Johnson &Johnson First Aid Equipment and the Lungmotor (recentlysecured by us at great expense) a resuscitating device forthose apparently dead from drowning, gas poisoning, electricshock, collapse from anaesthasia, etc., always ready for service, DAY OR NIGHT. Phone us immediately when anaccident occurs.L. & N: TIME TABLEEffective, Sunday, June 17, 1917, 12:01 a. m.TRAINS FROM ARRIVAL.No.34 Atlanta, daily , 5:25 am25 Cynthiana, daily except Sunday ....7:35 am10 Rowland, daily except Sunday ... .7:36 am11 Maysville daily except Sunday-. , .j... 7:38 am40 Lexington daily except Sunday. - , ,..7:40 am211 Maysville, Sunday anly 8:00 am210 Rowland, Sunday only 8:05 am40 Lexington, Sunday only 8:10 am37 Cincinnati, O., daily 10:05 am-12 Lexington, daily .- 10:02 am33 Chicago, daily . 10:17 am18 Lexington Daily Except Spnday. 12:00 m9 Maysville, Daily Except Sunday 3:00 ppn138 Lexington, Daily .... 3:07 pm38 Knoxville, Tenn., Daily 3:15 pm19 Maysville, Daily 5:4 pay39 Cincinnati, Daily Except Sunday 5:50 pm14 Lexington, Daily Except Sunday 8:18 jm.32 Jacksonville, Pla., Daily f:33 pm239 Cincinnati, Sunday only 9:30 pm31 Cincinnati, O., Daily 10:38 pm-130 Lexington Daily 10:23 p mTRAINS FOR LEAVINo.34 Cincinnati, waily -.... 5:30 am40 Cincinnati, daily except Sunday 7:45 am11 Lexington, daily except Sunday 7:47 am10 Maysville, daily except Sunday . 7:48 am?40 Cincinnati, Sunday only 8:20 am13 Lexington, daily except Sunday 10:25 am37 Knoxville, dally 10:32 am-33 Jacksonville, daily 10:22 am218 Maysville, Sunday only . 12:04 pm129 Lexington, daily except Sunday 3:25 pm-38 Cincinnati, daily 3:20 pm39 Lexington, daily except Sunday 5:57 pm9 Rowland, Daily except Sunday 6:00 pm14 Maysville, daily except Sunday 6:33 pm32 Chicago, daily ; 6:38 pm30 Cynthiana, dally except Sunday 6:48 pm214 Maysville, Sunday only 9:30 pm239 Lexington, Sunday only i 9:38 pm209 Rowland, Sunday only 9:40 pin19 Lexington, Daily .. C:35 p mA.NO. TRAINS ARRIVE FROM2 Erankfort,.Ky., Daily-Exl Sunday 7:38 ar'niV4 Frankfort, Ky., Daily Ex. Sunday 5:50"-p1 m-TRAINS DEPART FOR1 Frankfort, Ky., Daily Ex. Sunday- 8:25 a. m.I Frankfort. Ky.. Daily Exi Sunday s....- 6Sp.--i.9MAMMOTHCAVE$12.15 For an All-Expense Three-Days' Tour from Paris August 29thPersonally conducted by the Excursion Agent L.&N.R.R.-.4Rouna trip tickets 96165. Boarchat the: Cave-Hotel, including the seyerarroutsf in the care fox-$6.50. Tickets on sale for morning trains. Phone IV & N. Agentfn17.9.1-taVrym wj -s- v:w -,f, 1? - ,-FRIDAY, AUGUST 171917.HE BOURBON NEWS, PARIS, KY-FAGS&2c&aveouryes,rFor distinctive eye glassservice consult us.We use the latest and mostup-to-date methods of refractthe eyes.Give us an early call.We Fit WhereOthers FailiFRYE & FRANKLINDOCTORS OF OPTOMETRYDow Blcfe., opp. Windsor HotelProfessional Cards.DR. WM. KENNEYEye, Ear, Nose and Throat.ROOMS 403-404.FIRST NATL BANK BUILDING.PHONE 136.WM, GRANNANAitorneyatLawROOMS 401-402.FIRST NAT'L BANK BUILDINGCAHAL BROS.BARBER SHOPPrompt and Courteous Attention toPatrons.HOT AND COLD BATHS.tyfr&&SBojAeacrl IjSrvia loro r il .:v(rvr -uwo JWX:Jfcomplete i''. ' y i i itv.WTHERE'S a heap of joyin a ton of good coal.Your stove or furnacewon't have much troublefrom extracting comfortfrom a ton of coal if youbuy it from us. Our rapiddelivery will please you.W. C. D0DS0N5 South Main St..Man...... -( "The Home of Good CoalYou Don't Have toStoopIf You Use aGarlandCabinetRangeSi .HA beautiful line of Garlands on dlsfelay. Corns In and look thsm ovsr.Paris Gas & Electric Co.(Inoorpratsd)FRED TONEY WINS TWENTYGAMES AND $1,000.It was a former pitcher in the defunct Blue Grass League who firstmade the record of winning twentygames this season, and the gentlemanwho copped a bonus of one thousandbeans for this exploit is Fred Toney,of the Cincinnati Reds. ManagerGarry Herrman promised this littlepresent to Toney, if he won twentygames before the end of the summer,after the long boy had played in hardluck all last season, and not only didToney come acrpss, but he did it righthandily, as said before, reaching thetwenty-wins mark before any otherpitcher in big baseball. Alexander isnext with nineteen games and Cicottethe leading pitcher in the AmericanLeague, has eighteen notches on hisgun.Tony is well remembered in Paris,where he was one of the best pitchersin the good old days when Paris couldafford a baseball team, and before theBlue Grass League had perished.Toney broke into the game as pitcherfor the Winchester team.153 fe feTHE PURPLE FLASK.AN AMERICAN MONARCHYOne by one they shook hands withhim and wished him luck. He leftthe place with Minna, whom he married that night, and the next morning he left her, taking the purpleflask with him.He thought her love for him wouldgive him courage to perform the terrible task ahead of him but doeslove weaken or strengthen a manwho is about to give his liberty, perhaps his life, to a "cause?"That is the theme of GouverneurMorris' story, "The Purple Flask,"which begins in September Cosmopolitan. This is only one of the featuresthat makes September Cosmopolitanone of the greatest numbers of thegreatest magazines in America.Ea PS feaPARIS MERCHANTS WARNED ASTO CHILD LAW.Once a year the Pueblo Indians ofTabs, New Mexico, hold an electionat which they choose a governor.The method of voting is for eachIndian to give his candidate a stick.The man with the ,most sticks is'elected. Afterward a foot race is anevent.By reason of this annual election,the Taos Pueblos have been generallygiven credit for maintaining a Republican form of government. As amatter of fact, the real power backof the governor is the Cacique, whois an hereditary monarch. He andthe chiefs appointed by him reallyrule the Pueblo with a rod of iron.The Indians have absolute control ofquite an area of rich valley land, andalso one wild timbered canyon. TheseI lands constitute in effect a tiny monarchy on American soil. The amountof land each Indian may cultivate isdetermined by the administration.Every evening the governor shouts, from the roof of the Pueblo instructions for the whole tribe. Not astick of timber may be cut, not evena root dug, without his permission.Not long ago a lady living in thenearby village of Taos asked a Pueblo squaw to get her some "amole."This is the root of the Spanish bayonet plant and is greatly prized bywomen as a hair wash. The squawexplained that the time for diggingamole had not yet been announced,but that she would try to get it.It was ten days later when she returned, and she did not bring theamole. She was pale and her faceshowed the effects of suffering. Sheexplained that she had been giventhirty lashes and ten days in jailfor digging amole root without thepermission of the governor.Commissioner of Agriculture MattS. Cohen and Mrs. C. H. Musgrove,"Woman State Labor Inspector, havewarned the local .merchants and citizens of Paris in regard to the lawprohibiting employment of childlabor.The notices call attention of thebusiness public to the fact that it iscontray to the law for children under fourteen years of age to be employed in any public business withoutspecial permit. No cases of violationof this law have ever been reportedhere, but the warning is intended asa special reminder in view of the approach of the regular school terms.TS E3 EaPLEASE TAKE NOTICE.Yes, everybody in this communnity,(yourself excepted) has told us whatto print in THE NEWS; what not toprint; how to say it; how not to sayit; when to publish it; when not topublish it; who to boost; who toknock; a thousand and one suggestions as to different ways of editingthe paper.And being most extremely obliging,we go ahead and give you the bestpaper in Paris, just the same as if youwere running it! Isn't is strangehow business keeps up?P3 1SJ laRECORD PRICE PAID FOR YEARLING CALVES.Mr. Henry Caywood, of the firm ofCaywood & McClintock, and the Central Kentucky buyer for Swift & Co.,purchased Wednesday of Jake Gay, ofPine Grove, in Clark county, fortyyearling Hereford calves for $12.35 ahundred pounds. These calves weighed around 1,100 pounds each, making the price per head between $130and $140, the highest price ever paidin Kentucky for cattle of similarweight and age. The calves will beshipped to-day to Swift & Co. fortheir choicest trade.Green Peas 'Green BeansHead Lettuce TomatoesCucumbers OkraEgg Plant CymlinsBlackberriesPeachesWatermelons CanteloupesCelerySTEAKS CHOPSROASTSFresh Rolls Fresh BreadFresh CakesEvery DayWILMOTHGrocery Co.Phone 376fe TSLEGEND OP THE NIAGARA.(New York Evening Post.)In old, old times, on the highestpeak of a great mountain, theredwelt a hunter and his five sparklingdaughters. Their lodge was of brightbetuia bark, and on clear days theycould see the distant ocean flashinglike a silver band. "Come out! Comeout!" cried the youngest daughter,the little Er. "Come Su! Come Hu!Come Mi! Come Cla! (The namesstand in order for Erie, Superior, Huron, Michigan and St. Clair.) Let usaway to the sea, where the foamingbreakers roar!" So they left theirlodge and leaped and sang with happy hearts. Their robes were of blueand chrysolite green, and floated onthe breeze. Their moccasins were offrozen water drops and their wingsof painted wind. And they scampered and roamed across the plain, orfloated beneath the sky. or rushedpast valley and hill and field, sieging and shouting with glee. At lastthey came to a precipice of jaggedrocks and moss. "Alas!" cried Er."what a dreadful leap! But but wehave come so far that we must go on,or our father will laugh at us! Socome Su! Come Hu! Come Mi! ComeCla! and follow me!" So over thesteep they sprang, and floated downon their painted wings. They leapedand they sang like happy-heartedbirds. Then the little Er cried, "Letus up and down the steep again!"And up and down the five maidsskipped and laughed at the sport andfoam and called it Niagara Falls.And to-day, through the rainbowmist, you may see their robes of blueand chrysolite green, and their painted wings and their twinkling feet.as the five play in the waterfall.m IS E33,000,000 HOGS DIED.(Farm and Family)The men who deal in figures, reportthat the above number of porkersdied during the past year from diseases. It does not take an expert toshow that this big number of hogs,taken off before they were ready forthe market, means that the farmersof the United States lost somethinglike $50,000,000 in good hard money.Of course, the farmer who is approaching 50, grew up when hogswere so dirt cheap that there was nouse of trying to save them if theyhappened to fall sick. He has notthought about this big problem ashe should. Now that the world isshort, very short, of meat, this lossis big in money and it is big in lossof food which is needed. Each farmer should use every precaution tokeep his herd well. He should alsohave a veterinarian see them themoment they are the least off feed orailing.Wh lRt tBPREE LIST SUSPENDED; NOTICETO THE PUBLIC.No more free copies of the BOURBON NEWS.No more free copies of the Ken-tuckian-Citizen.No more free copies of the ParisDemocrat.' Single copies of paper five centseach.The high cost of all materials thatenter into the production of newspapers compel the publishers as amatter of self-protection and economy to adopt this course.Subscribers who fail to receivetheir paper, and advertisers whosecontracts include the paper, will bepromptly supplied.SWIFT CHAMP,Publisher BOURBON NEWS.BRUCE MILLER,Publisher Kentuckian-Citizen.. WM. REMINGTON,Publisher Paris Democrat.. July 27, 1917. : 'fill fi&&stn&vsr - rlL i$Jz N5sf W mmKWif - T553ST3ttaii3 J"BafeggggggSs gSSggggij-daansLsUAttAVlg'JjLtflVlgralph mycnQ?yJoS'& jJeautffarThe Paige is now reaping the reward of conservative financialpolicies and sound business judgment.The .creation and the continued maintenance of the qualitythat has made The Most Beautiful Car in America theoverwhelming choice of the public, are due to the advantages the Paige Company possesses. These advantages are:A capitalisation far lower than that of any other companyapproximating the Paige in the sales -increase during thepast six months in which field, by the way, the Paigehas distanced all competitors.Scientific management that keeps overhead expense down tothe minimum.Huge manufacturing facilities operated by modern, scientificmethods.9Low profit per car.There you have in a nut-shell the reasons you can buy Paigequality at so low a figure in these days of high prices!SOTEIt is impossible for us to guarantee the following prices for any definite length of time.otratrora oix'51 7'passengerFairfield "Six'46" 7'passengerLinwood "Six'39" 5'passengerBrooklands "Six'51" 4'passengerDartmoor "Six'39 a or 3'passengerSedan "Six'39 ' 5'passengerSedan "Six'51" 7-passengerTown Car "Six'?i" 7'passengerLimousine "Six'5iM 7'passenger$1595 o. b. Detroit$1450 o. b. Detroit$1260 o. b. Detroit$1795 o. b. Detroit$1260 o. b. Detroit$1875 o. b. Detroit$2400 o. b. Detroit$2850 o. b. Detroit$2850 o. b. DetroitPaige-Detroit Motor Car Company, Detroit, Michiganr. P. WHITEWith Dlckeraonft DouelaaGaraee, 4th and Hich Sts., ParlB, Ky.SERVICE STATIONimHiwmwwiiMmBian?wvnvmwmvKmnwjrwv!i!i?T!?JRv:r&!!Auaunm'tiW)ir&mD000DDDODQD0DDOOOOODODODOODDDDQQOODDQDODODD0FTJVfGo WhereComfort Awaits YouA retreat from the monotony of every daybusiness cares away from the crowds wherevnii ran sfrerrh out and take things easv.w j. - ,-There are many of these quiet shady haunts to be found atNew EnglandCanadaChautauquaMichigan andAshevilleChattanooga -NiagaraFallsThousand IslandsAtlantic SeashoreGreat Lakes ResortsW'?.mmm&:::::i""""rTr.LOW ROUND TRIP TICKETS ON SALE DAILYGood returning until October 31st.Each location has distinct natural attractions for recreationin addition to the popular open air pastimes.We shall be pleased to arrange the details of your trip.Consult your local ticket agent, or addressH. C. KING, DiYisiF&sseafrAget,118 E. M&ia Street, LexngtM, Ky.5VJv HDKJSBH9?'ffi?:suiit,thnsIV' Ifr-V4.1 rif,1 '"JitijLf-. -P'r'-l :PAGE EIGHT "THE BOURBON NEWS, PARIS, K .FRIDAY, AUGUST 17, 1117.(.ir1ComingAttractionsPARIS GRAND AND ALAMOFRIDAYDorothy Dalton in"The Dark Road"Triangle K. B. Feature.innocent Sinners'a Triangle Komedy withFavorite Comdians.Pearl White in eighthepisode of "Pearl of theArmy."Pa the Weekly NewsNo. 61.SATURDAY.Alice Joyce and Harry Morey inVitagraph Blue Ribbon feature,"Richard, the Brazen"Vitagraph comedians in jBig Vcomedy, "Shells and Showers."MONDAYSessue Hayakawa in the Lasky production, "The Bottle Imp"Paramount Pictograph and VictorMoore in Klever Komedy.Hours-Alamo, 2 to 5:30; Paris Grand,7 Co 10:30, Admission 5 and 10c.MILLERSBURGMr. T. P. Wadell is able to beout again.Miss Corinna Sly, of Maysville,is the guest of Mrs. Anna Barnes.Miss Farror Harston, of Georgia,is the guest of Mrs. W. D. Mclntyre.Mrs. Donald, of Georgetown, isthe guest of Mr. S. E. Bruce andfamily.Mr. and Mrs. Henly Houston, ofParis, are guests of Mr. and Mrs.Charles Insko.Miss Mary Page Watkins, of"Washington, Ky., is the guest of Mrs.A. S. Best.Mrs. Calhoun, of Georgia, is theguest of her son, Dr. J. D. Calhoun,and family.Mr. J. Garnett. of Camp Stanley,"was the guest Monday and Tuesdayof Miss Mary Jones.Mrs. E. H. Kerr will leave to-dayfor a visit to her mother, Mrs. MarthaBaldwin, at Maysville.Mrs. C. C. Chanslor and littleFon, Robert, left Friday for a visit toher mother, at Maysville.Mrs. N. P. Rice, of Hutchison,arrived Wednesday as the guest ofher daughter, Mrs. F. E. Peterson.iMr. Wm. Letton, of Atlanta, Ga.,is the guest of his mother and sister,Mrs. Jennie Letton, and Miss LeonaLetton.Mrs. E. D. Driskell has returnedto her home at Worthville after avisit to her parents, Rev. and Mrs.J. D. Redd.Rev. and Mrs. C. O. Cossaboomand little son have returned from atwo-weeks' visit to relatives at Morgan, "Ky.Mr. and Mrs. W. H. Cannon havereturned to their home at Paris after a visit to her parents, Mr. andMrs. Chas. Jones.Miss Mildred Bruce has returnedhome after a visit to Mesdames C. R.Carrington at Ravenna and G. C.Watkins, at Irvine.Mrs. Ada Miller and daughter,Msis Katherine, have returned homeafter a visit to Mr. and Mrs. ClarenceMiller, at Cynthiana.Mr. and Mrs. T. K. Smith havereturned to their home at Paris aftera short visit to her mother, Mrs.Minnie Hurst, and family.Mrs. K. B. Hutchings returnedto her home at Lexington, Tuesday,after a short visit to her mother,Mrs. Belle Taylor, and family.Miss M. B. Clarke left Wednesday for Berea, where she will meetsome friends and join them in anautomobile trip to Chattanooga,Tenn.Master Taylor Creighton returned to his home at Indianapolis, Ind.,Tuesday, after an extended visit tohis grandmother, Mrs. Belle Taylor,and family.Mr. T. E. Savage and daughter,Miss Mary Savage, returned Tuesdayafter a visit to Mr. Jaynes Savage,and family, at Paris. Mr. Savage isslightly improved.Miss Alma Hurst, who has beenthe guest of her brother, Mr. 0. E.Hurst, left Tuesday for a visit tofriends at Ewing, and will take inthe fair during the week.Mrs. A. S. Best entertained anumber of her friends Monday afternoon to tea in honor o? Mrs. M. E.Hutchcraft, who left Wednesday forher new home at Pueblo, Col.The Sunday School Convention ofthe Christian church was held hereon Wednesday at the Christianchurch. Quite a number of delegateswere present and a great deal of business was transacted. Lunch wasserved at noon in the opera house.The attention of the Millersburgpeople is called to the display advertisement in this issue of The Farmers Bank of Millersburg. Thisbank will pay taxes on cash depositsunder the provisions of the act recently passed by the Legislature.Read the ad.The following have returnedfrom a sojourn at Crab OrchardSprings: Messrs. Russell Caldwell,H. tC. Current and Richard Huffman,Misses Martha Smith, Louise Myall,Mattie, Leucia and McLona Butler,Mr. and Mrs. A. S. Miller, Mr. andMrs. T. W. Current, Mr. and Mrs.J. C. Leer, Jr., and guest, Miss IdaLee Harris, of Virginia, and Mr. andMrs. R. M. Johnson.J Pa PaThis is said to be a woman's age,yet women have little to say abouttheir age.Paris FacultyOfLexington College of Music. Per Nielsen, Norwegian Baritone.Edward Weiss, Concert Pianist.Bruce Reynolds, Concert Violinist.-Ethel Love Fisher, Reader, Pianist.Harry Edward Mueller, Organist.Fall Term begins September tenth. For information addressor phone MISS ANNA CHANDLER GOFFWrite for catalogue. Lexington; Ky. Phone 639x.2023D3ANSERAS &,spe;VACATION Days!Make them happierby taking an Ansco withyou. Then the joys of vacation willlast forever in the pictures you make.You will carry an Ansco VestPocket with you always as you doyour watch and compass. It is everxeady for action it gets the picturein z jiffy." The negatives makeiine enlargements. Several stylesand lens equipments. $7.50 to $56.The larger FoldingAnscos have many valuable, exclusive, picturesaving features. Comem and let us demonstrate them.'X-K.if ?&BROOKS & SNAPP DRUG CO.The Penslar StoreTbe Sign ef theAwceDemrreiraiMATRIMONIAL.mcneill renfro.Mr. James C. Renfro and MissLeona McNeill, both of this county,secured marriage license from CountyClerk Pearce Paton yesterday morning. They were married a short timeafter by Rev. W. E. Ellis, pastor ofthe the Paris Christian church.FREEMAN MAKLE.Miss Ethel Freeman and Mr.'Paul Makle, both of Paris, were married in Cincinnati, Tuesday, wherethey had gone presumably to visitrelatives and friends. The youngcouple secured license in Cincinnati.The bride is a niece Qf Mrs. Rebecca Rudisill, and is a sister of Mrs.Clarence Ashurst, of Paris. She hasbeen making her home with heraunt, Mrs. Rudisill, on High street.The groom is in the employ of theParis Monumental Works as a marbleand granite carver.LINVjILLE BARTELS.Mr. Charles Bartels, of Ravenna,and Miss Mary Li'nville, of Middletown, Ohio, were married in Covington Saturday afternoon.Mr. Bartels is a former resident ofParis, having held a position as stenographer in the office of the late Mr.W. Hv Anderson, Superintendent ' ofthis division of the Louisville &Nashville railroad. He was transferred to Ravenna after. the Louisville &Nashville acquired the Lexington &Eastern road, and has since residedthere. -The bride is also a formerresident of Paris, having been a clerkin the Paris Racket Store. With hermother she moved to Middletown, O.,sometime ago.Ea Es SsDEATHS.McCANDLESS.The funeral of Mr. Robt. McCandless, aged eighty-one, who died athis home on Second street, Tuesdaymorning at three o'clock, followinga protracted illness, was held Wednesday morning at ten o'clock. Services were conducted at the grave inthe Paris Cemetery by Rev. W. E.Ellis, pastor of the Paris Christianchurch. The pall-bearers were E. M.Gifford, Benj. Lewis, Andrew J.Skillman, Sr., Preston Myers, WilliamMitchell and R. C. Foster.Mr. McCandless is survived by hiswidow, one daughter, Mrs. Ella Wilson, who resides in California, andone son, Mr. George McCandless, whois an employe at the P. M. Hellermeat market in this city.RELIGIOUS.St. Peter's Episcopal church,Rev. George H. Harris, rector. Sunday-schoolat 9:30 a. m.; Sernion andservices at 10:45 a. m.; Union services at 7:30 p. m.Rev. Mr. Goldsmith, of the Millersburg Baptist church, will preachSunday morning at the Baptistchurch in this city and at the unionservices at the Episcopal church Sunday night.The union services of theProtestant churches will be held atthe Episcopal church Sunday nightat 7:30 o'clock. The Young Peoples Societies will meet at 6:45 p.m. -and the program will be in chargeof the B. Y. P. U.The Young Peoples' Endeavorservices will be held in the Episcopalchurch Sunday night at 6:45 o'clock.The program will be in charge of theYoung Peoples' Society of the Baptist church. The Union meeting ofthe Protestant churches will be heldin the same church at 7:30 p. m.Rev. Frank W. Eberhardt, formerly pastor of the Paris Baptistchurch, who has been in charge ofthe congregation of the Danvillechurch for several years, has accepteda call to the pastorate of the Baptist church at Georgetown. He willreceive a salary of $2,250, and befurnished with one of the handsomestparsonages in KentuckyThe Womans' Society of theChristian church will have an allday sewing at the Red Cross sewingrooms, in the Wilson building at thecorner of Third and Main streets,next Tuesday. The members of thesociety are requested to be on handpromptly at nine o'clock, and tobring with them their lunch, needles,thread, thimbles and scissors.On Sept. 5, at which time theannual session of the KentuckyConference of the Methodist churchwill convene in Lexington, Rev. W.O. Sadler, in charge of the Parischurch, will close the third year ofhis pastorate here. . At this sessionof the Conference the Bishop presid-! ing will assign the pastors to theirvarious charges throughout the Conference territory. Paris people hopeRev. Sadler will be returned here.TQ fei 3There are lots of good people onearth and there are lots more aboutsix feet below the crust.tea E3 E3There is always a better and easierway, but the -average men seldomstumble into it until he is almostthere.na lai tmDepend upon it, the average manis above the average. If you doubtit, ask him.MeCOKMICKMOWFRS1 " .I Have Stood The Testn n h i pirn r'ipmiiPi wii pp r jw'wn e&-.p&&$ sWBlPBBPMpMaBBgBBlagrem' SapsfeSS PSHpsSpmpSSs SfSPmi-r'MwiWmmmmmimjAm&wsimmmmiSKmmfmm'mmm&BBmmmMmmgfMmwmmMmmmmmmmmzwmWsm3mpWm&mfagmSHROPSHIRE.The funeral of Mrs. Nannie K.Shropshire, aged seventy-two, amember of one of the oldest familiesin Bourbon county, who died suddenly of acute indigestion at herhome near Centerville, Sunday night,was held Tuesday morning at ten.o'clock at her home on the Leesburgpike, with services conducted by Rev.J. B. Jones, pastor of the CynthianaChristian church, assisted by Rev.Ira M. Boswell, of Georgetown. Theburial took place in the GeorgetownCemetery.The pall-bearers were: AllenShropshire, Harvey Shropshire, ClayShropshire, Newton Shropshire andStuart Shropshire.Mrs. Shropshire was the widow ofHubble Shropshire, one of the eightsons of the late James Harvey Shropshire, and Mary Louise Shropshire.This is the first death in the Shropshire family for more than a year.Mrs. Shropshire is survived by oneson, Mr. Kirtley Shropshire.IS IS SA married man says there is evidenty no end to a wife's mind, aohe gets a piece of it every day.aPay day comes slowly to the manwho watches the clock.mmGet a McCormickAnd You'll Have The BestWE HAVE A LARGE STOCK Il BallCor. Fourth and Pleasant St..mI.. ..ct' .s .vp&n wwnia -- 7 x?:ev....... if YaauraniSALEIGreen Peas Green BeansHead Lettuce TomatoesCucumbers OkraEgg Plant CymlinsBlackberriesPeachesWatermelons CanteloupesCelerySTEAKS CHOPSROASTSFresh Rolls Fresh BreadFresh CakesEvery DayWILMOTH.' Grocery Co."Phorie 376The Finest Collection ofSUMMER FOOTWEARAt Prices Lower Than Makers' Cost.5 Don't Wait! Your Final Opportunity to Buy High GradeI Men's, Women's and Children's Shoes 1; f At a Fraction of Original Values!::xILadies' White Sea Island Canvas Boots,,83.50, sa'e price $2.45Ladies' Grey and Champagne Kid Colonette Pumps, $4.00, sale price. . .$1 .95Ladies' White Canvas Colonette Pumps,$2.00, sale price $1.4-9Ladies' Kid Shoes, button and lace,$4.00, sale price $2.99Ladies' Gun Metal Shoes, broken sizes,$3.00 and $3.50, sale price $ 1 .45Ladies' Patent and Dull Kid StylishPumps, $4.00 and $4.50, sale price $2.95Ladies' Black Kid Low and High HeelPumps, $3.50, sale price $2.45.Ladies' broken size Oxfords and Pumps$3.00, sale price' $ .99Men's White Cloth English Oxfords,Walk-Over, $4.50, sale price $3.50Men's Russian Tan Oxfords, Walk-Overand Bostonians, $4.50, sale price.. $3.49Men's Tan and Gun Metal Oxfords,$3.00, sale price $1.99Men's Patent Colt English Oxfords,$5.00, sale price $3.45Men's Black Kid Oxfords, Walk-Over.$4.50, sale price $3.50Men's Gun Meial, button and lace,$4.00, sale price $2.99Men's Gun Metal Button Shoe, $3.00,salejprice $1.99Boys Misses' and Children's Shoes and Slippers at Clearance Sale PricesCHILDREN'S SANDALS 49c TENNIS 39cNone sent on approval, exchanged or credited. No stamps given during this SaleDAN COHENParis' Greatest Shoe StoreWhere Beauty ancj. Economy Reign. """"" " " " J. k T"T-N rIS.'-..