rTHE BOURBON NEWSPUBLISHED EVERY TUESDAY AND FRIDAY IN THE YEAR.HJVOLUME XXXVI.PARIS, BOURBON COUNTY, KENTUCKY, FRIDAY, MARCH 23, 1917.fCongress Called To jAssemble April 2President Will Lay GermanBOURBON FISCAL COURT.The Bourbon Fiscal Court met in adjourned session in the County Courtroom in the court house yesterdaymorning, for a short session. CountyJudge C. A. McMillan presided, withSituation Before CongreSS Justices Thomason, Redmon, Stephenu . T, son, Doyd and Shropshire present.and Declaration lhat a' Claims against the county amount-t mg to ?41.o0 were allowed and orderedIS paid.j The bid of C. A. Daugherty, by Jas(Daughertyt for painting the BourbonWASHINGTON, March 22.-Presi-' ;oun.ty court f use accn5n to sneci'Jit Wilson, recognizing that Ger cations, for the sum of 81,070. was accent v us"" vint wnr nn , cepted and received by the Court.?l?l '".rif IZ ?, w ' The bid 0 the Blue Grass Auto Com-Dlllieu ai-a- nnnv frr furnish in nno fivp.nn "WTiifoState of WarExpected.ExistsREFERENDUM MEASUREPASSES THEFearing Suit. Fore Arrest, !woOllSpeCtS KeleaSeCl wnere PrPerty is classified for taxa-tion was passed by the House of RepThe bill (propounding a leferendumon measures passed by the Legislaturehouse. Strong SpeechOn New Tax Billby the House of Representhatives, at Frankfort. Tuesday,without a dissenting vote. The billTwo Mysteriously - Acting was introduced by Representative OH-Germans Arrested by Chiefver.Iink Released A terSpending Night in Jail.PARIS MAN CHARGEDWITH KILLING HORSE.Acting upon the theory that two estate, the provisions shall be subjectCongress to a s ln .f nap Standard Dump Truck for the sum of Wsteriously-actmg Germans who he to a referendum upon the written petiocRinu on April 2 to deal with tn . nnn .. found on the streets here Tuesdav e . P m,. 1 1 4.$5,000, was received and accepted, andof the session now, the truck was purchased by the Courpssiou onsituation."I"n lllll tJVJO V. w . w- - -- - m m -called two weeks earlier than e tatflrst set-r-as announced n the Presi ,dPntS DOS1UOU, la tU ICtClvc a. wiuiuiI The bid of the Canton Culvert andfound on the streets here Tuesday tion 0f five per cent of the legal vof.nicrhf wntr f n nf fhni!i" onrl 14flimnn . . .u.i... w vu. v.w... .u. """' ers 01 tne state.Schroder, machinist mate, reported to t amnedment of Representativehave been drowned while attempting Bailey fixing a tax on property exemptto escape from the interned German ed from local taxation, of ten cents onraiders at the . Philadelphia Navy tnp. $-inn for nnimtv itv nnri QohnniMr. F. B. White, of Paris, was arrested in Lexington, by PatrolmanWilcoxson, Tuesday afternoon, on aI IJ ri c t charge of reckless driving in an auto-J. h. ihompSOn, Ol DOIir- nubile, after he had ran into a horssat tne corner or Aim ana vine streets,belonging to an unknown negro mai,and broke its leg, according to the arresting officers.The horse had been sold a few minutes before by Mark Arnett, and th9new owner was driving him from thastable when the horse was struck, oh.Mill street by the automobile, it wasThe animal "was killed braggressive attack nWnimnn v.Mr. White was going south, on MiUhon, Addresses ScottCounty Tax Payers atGeorgetown.It provides that whenever the General Assembly shall enact any la",'pursuant to or under Section 171 ofthe Constitution as amended, classifying property and providing a lowerrate of taxation -mi nersonal nrnnertv. I Mr- James H. Thompson, of Bourtangible or intangible, than upon real Hnf county, ?ee;KS naving tne chargedr linn e Ciiora in til a anrrroeoii'A nt-nmrlion's share in thenation from the Chief Executive ou.SUo ardChier of Police ed Lime locked purposes was Ul0 occasion tOT consid. ncnt farmer of Bourbon county a d;being made by the Kentucky Taxpay-ore' T.oatnio rr flio nonr Tnv tr-mmii-sion Bill. Mr. Thompson 'has made street' and as he approached Vinseveral vigorous speeclies in opposi- street, and seeing a collision with thetLon to the bill. The Georgetown horse and buggy inevitable, turnedNews has the following regarding Mr. east on Vine street, but too late, it waThompson's speech there Saturday: said, to keep the vehicle from hitting"Mr. James H. Thompson, a promi tho lmrco. Tn Pniiro Pnnrt hia trialtheCTave quesuous wl uauuuai pjn -r-i-tTif in nic uddrpss tfi-ine nw'uw, x. 1 Road.:ii Qfo51 hnir fiprmanv UUtmcongrs, win -- - . . t contract on behalf of saidnnrticailv has been making war onpracuuiuv uo.o i,lMe a county with the said company.hp TTnited States by the ruthless de-l , ... ,. , .tie umieu j , . 1 The Court then adjourned m course.v'trUCtlOn OL auichwu "" w.-fi, , c i n5i ni f. ii pvro ,x.c a.ua wi tuuBiu. dresseu the tax-pavers of Scott coun-year 1917 was accepted and the "i" " ! vlA w-h,; era?.le a-ebfte- "eperesentative Hutcn- ty at the court house hero SaturdayEngineer was ordered to enter "" b. , -"-"" ..-"--,7- crau, 01 rans, contenaea tnat the afternoon on the proposed new StateLiuuuBii ieai tuau u ,vaa leaving mm afl0ption of the amendment wouldself open to suit for false arrest. Th make the tax rate so high on this classmen have not been st;n since around of property that it would defeat thexraiia, duu liiu auppu-aiLiUii la mai uicj very purpose Of the bill that Of bring- ucgisiaium 111 apcudi Btjsaiuu.I left the city the moment they were n(r mit iiiririon wonith fnT- tnvntinn 1 ne speaKer was lmroaucea Dy iurwas set for Wednesday.When the case was called.White, on motion, was dismissed.Mr.Tax law, as . proposed by the TarCommission appointed by GovernorStanley, and now being considered byBEAUTIFUL BUILDING LOTS.I given their liberty.ingThe only way to get out intangibleA. A.! -.' -.- B 11 i i, .--, ,. 1 .t . . - w rav niTPsi.inn vlv; iiiim rii 10 mnsr vim:We liave been authorized to sell at ' -nier LinK statea tnai nis suspicion., property for taxation, Mr. Hutchcraft in importance to the tax-payers of theonce the 10 beautiful lost in Bourbon bad been aroused whpn he saw tha1. contended, was by an efficient adminis- state.,n the high seas, in contravention 01all the laws of nations and humanity.Congress then is expected to pa3.ir resolution declaring that a state ofsar has existed between the Lniteu ,Heigbts beIonging to the estate of the the men wore regulation United States tration and a low rate of interestStates and Germany for some time. jJate cliton Arnsparger. This is the Army slles wnen ne Placed tnem un .Such a resolution in itself will not Bourbon Feraale oottase property and der arrest. When he accosted them :be a declaration of war in a technical ' . desirable. ,they pretended they were unable toalthough practically it wuij . PARIS REALTY CO Speak English and he could not learnN. T. Armstrong, who stated that theFRESH FISH TO-DAY.Fine fresh Salmon and Halibut forto-day and to-morrow. We dress yourfish orders free. If you want the beatfish on the market, call us over either"Mr. Thompson spoke for. nearly two phone.(It)MARGOLEN.bense,FLY WIRE.ACCEPTS POSITION.Mr. Allen Ingels, ofamount to the same thing. JAs a consequence the United Statesvill take further steps to protect itsinterests on the high seas and else-. . . j.i. .i:i- niu of fJpr-cere against uic '- --- son of Mr anQ ;Irs. Qwen Ingels, whoinany, aiid whether an actual staie several years been prominentvar will' come to exist in its tun .ensj. -. Millersbur5 business circles, has acv41 depend on the future acts of tn cepted a positI(m with Mitcliell &iruperial German Government. JBlakemore. clothiers, of Paris.mZ!Zln-h 9oin th- Mr. Ingels has had a large andWAonauiui, - vnrfort ovnpri'pnpp in flip, mercnntllanything definite from uiem. He latecalled in an interpreter, but he, too.was unable to get the men to talk in.Stop out the flies now.sizes.We have al'(It)FORD & CO.BUYS HARRISON HOME.March 22. In t"a?event of hostilities with Germany thereMillersburg, anv language he knewAfter having remained in jij overnight one o the men condescended ttell Chief Link, in broken EnglishWednesday morning, tnat he and hicompanion were Poles, and that theyhad been working in a coal mine inPennsylvania. They explainer1 theirthis part of the countiLOCAL CHAPTER OFRED CROSS SOCIETY.On searching theexperience in the. 1 : .,.! J K:l,, nnnflnmon TirPSfinPP 1HTriU be a sudd en wnnojp 01 Qf g. rsonality ,vho wlu provc by stating that they lost their joboGerman spies and agenw in valuable addition to the Mitchell & in the coal mines, and were on theircountry 01 urmb & moi,amnrQ Coio fmoc ATr Tnp-pis iio. way to Cincinnati.mer customers to call on him at his uom umei jiuk sum mat -uunu inew place of business. .the pockets of each ore letterb beai-ing a toreign pcsimarK auu anya ui.A SUCCESSFUL AND paper bearinS the names of GermansA SUCCESSFUL AND D,spLAY in various parts o the United States.PRETTY OPENING DISPLAY . rf, CWef Lmk tbe appearA local Chapter of the American RedCross Society has been organized in .proposition to reduce the! hours to an attentive audience ofI about one hundred farmers. He discussed the question from start to finish from the viewpoint of the farmer,and its effect upon the owners of realestate. He showed that the proposednew law exempted property now sub- Mr. Elmer Feeback, of near Paris,ject to taxation amounting to more purchased this week, through thethan two million dollars, and from this Monsou Real Estate Agency, at Cyndrew the strong conclusion that the thiana, a house and lot at Robinson,deficit must bs met by increasing the Harrison county, belonging to Mr.taxes ol tne larmers aim otuer remfcfri-r nii'nors hv innronqinp- tnp VJili'fof assessment He said also that the jStateCharles Brewsaugh, for $900.tax. . . .1,- T-.,,.f "Rlnkpmnrp salp. forces. Mr. Inicording to an oinciai o ui. v , TiiArchrr fripnri nH for- men before giving them their freeWW - - fjment of JusUce, who frankly stated thedepartment is endeavoring 10 coucwerery scrap of specific information itpoesesses touching on any phase o-nentrality. .The Bureau of Investigation of theSecret Service corps has been carrying on a very quiet but extensive inquiry for several months.The promises of the Simon JDsjiart. ance of the men did not bear out thei. n. i nAn X,i storv that they were coal miners, andment Store were certainly made good story that theyon Tuesday, Wednesday and Thursdaythat their hands did not give the ap-Paris, with the following officers:Chairman, Mrs. John T. Davis; vicechairman, Mrs. James H. Thompson;secretary, Miss Lucy B. Siuims; treasurer, Miss Arthur B. Hancock.A class in the study of first aid tothe injury will be organized at the Y.M. C. A. this (Friday) morning, at10:30 o'clock, to which all who areinterested are invited.Mrs. Hancock and Miss Simms recently attended a meeting of the RedCross Society in Lexington, and itwa3 through their efforts the Pari5branch was organized.from 55 to 40 cents would create an- er tell the farmers side of the quesother deficit of two million dollars, tion, as he had been instrumental Inwith no other suggestion whatever of having two members of the State Tarany way to meet this loss, and saidthat the farmers would finally wakeup to find this added to their raise inassessed valuation of their propertyMr. Thompson's entire address wasbased on facts and figures that demonCommission, Messrs. Glenn and Hutchcraft, tell their side of the question."The ML Sterling correspondence otthe Lexington Herald says:"Mr. James H. Thompson, of Bourbon Qounty, delivered an address to astrated that the proposed law would good crowd of farmers and tax-payerswork a hardship on the owners of of Montgomery county at the courtreal estate. He further intimated that house Monday afternoon. The adthe proposed new law was 'born' in dress was logical and forceful and waLouisville, instead of being the pro- for the purpose of arousing interestduct of the Commission. and opposition to the proposed tax Ieg-"It is to beregretted that Hon. Ed. islation, now under consideration bySmith was not present to hear a farm- the Kentucky Legislature.".. . ' - . ,.,. -m ii! tipnniTipp rf hfivinir done anv hard la-mnvnv kv March 22. As when their spriag display 01 muni.- r " --, L , 'ifAUW7"; ; patriotism that is ery, women's suits, gowns, waists and recent, auu tnat .evidence of the patriotism J"- kinds of beautiful wear bore the stamp of a higher order o'sleeping the country smce intelligence tban that posseted bywith Germany, practically ever 'mem s w the average foreignei employed m a.. . i.--.i., V-rtr fT ' TanSVIVir.lllC jaifacoi. &m.uv.iiii0 w ..Kt. w . -.ber ot tne stuueut uj -- -,-- , . , . ...ilia. College rose to, i mr nic willintrnespy bib""c" . . -T n n-i nn. tiiP most plnhnrate ever seenPresident XV. x-.yi .,, -t,-i fo vnA to ,mnnrf.military Compaq x-an ,..- - - - .."";' ..Wl.,flnfl ,-R thft IlflTno of the subur-wno tiio ppn.i " vx. m ,ssesasec atbody 01 irau-iva-, me ""b" fa.fcMw.B - -, .his feet and there- congregated in a like establishment in raine-pniist Paris pronounced the snowing to ue-whennouncedhere. SMALL FARMS IN "WILDWOOD"Vinf l.-. rr.Ar flffpmooii at 4 o'clock eral comment of the pleased leminino iiii. .. nrnn-rtv lin-2r-itt7Wnnff women students shoppers that were fortunate enough cw . . u. .--eur.b-T7 - t be ab- tQ attend (lt)also volunteereu iui w"-; --- -have already been organized u -uivvso rvi.i- ?ijWORTH OF SHEEP IN 1916.Red Cross corps.- T- t - A TMLONDON. March -neuiaThis property hasbeen divided into small farms and willbe offered in ten tracts at public auction on April 4th, at 2:30 o'clock, byWilder, Caywood S Gorey, the present owners. This is undoubtedly the" ' - A i. 4-1 lr linmtUJPiUKJ, ." -, A.. ,f I . ... , . aan ,,oll10fl nf C9QQQ ;n mOSt deSiraDie prupuity ma. nao ucxxUfrflam correspondent report tnat , uu ivmou h . . market ;n a iong--, i. riniic riots nave iouroon uounty m ivv, auium6 iv. ---If tn o?,t in Berlin in connection the figures certified to the Auditor oHh S,e scsricty of rood. A dispatch State by County Clerk Pcarce Paton.With the SCariCt UJ. ,,. -of rnnnlvarl wl rr JUltfj VPSu n! Unl nnri. saVS. peiaia , viei iv rni-vu. w.v. .... rfXXUUl jivnion the Paris market m awhile. If you ever intend owning ahome you had better, figuve on buying one of these small tracts.Right intown and vet no city taxes to pay.Erom UiaeBzaui .nui""-. - - L0 fT.nm i10 A,,flUnr for monev to town and yet no city ta.w tu yajlent-r"eTUhr'dispaUhatadTs: TZsT Z 2 Water ws gas, ectrU lightsmg in Berlin. The oisyatu j aTnmint nld and street car right at the door..rrPriments are reported to cents on the dollar. The amount paid'l-T;;; , nHn to maintain order." . for dog tax in the county was 8b-u.nave ieit iui ""company heads for what they alreadyWASHINGTON, March 22. PrepaT,ffn fnr aircressive action by tnenavy against the German submarine had dorie toward assuring Governmenthas begun at tne direction - service in war time.Mr. Vail told the council tnat tnecountry now is equipped with wire facilities necessary to meet and emergency.the ex-menacePresident Wilson.ThP President authorizedpenditure of the $115,000,000 emei?ency fund, provided by Congress to.peed up naval construction and nay.. TZ optional war craft, an.iOr special iviv..w(mar-It)TOBACCO COTTONAll grades, at Harry Simon's(2mar-tf)GAME AND FISH CLUB.foundsubmarine chasers of theto be completed in fromIt is reported that a game and fishclub, with a membership of about threhundred, will soon be organized in thisNEW YORK, March 22. Twenty county. Our informant stated that theto Washington state Game and Fish commissionwould be asked to have Mr. DougThomas, Sr., of this city, appointedGame Warden for Bourbon county, whowould co-ojperate with the members ofthe Club in the protction of fish andThe Club wouldalso mix a little fun with the Feriousside of its business, and would occa-Maich 22. Henry sionany take fishing excursions toautomobile manu- nmntc where the finny tribe are.i ,,nC?,in of the eight-hour labor maN bags addressed.ue Bui.- ., M ovv work. nnri hp British embassy wereSecXry Daniefs ordered the Ne ripped open and rifled on board theVnrfnJvv vard to begin building sixty rner saxonia upon her arrival at NewviSll tocpr of the 110-foot type yorlc Postei inspectors are without asixty to ciew although several who ..were pas-nffarc vin thp Rt.pamer are under sur- .romp in the county.-vV.. ,lnvc OOlifaW- " oWith the' President's approval, the veillance.Academy. March 29. facturer, has offered, and the govern- known to be waiting for the lures andThe first class -ill go big great plant fcnreleasing ll2 l second in be operated without profit In the event .isling vacancies, and tne s oe oy ASKED TO LOOKSeptember, furnishing '-""' nft w fc '. ,T sAwah has announced! FOR MISSING BOY.atWE KNOW HOWAvjs wrr. hv.i -area Wkex5svaw . w&-'rzifrjy-4-' riSAIIV .T I.M U'lnvn tl.UtU.V' lllll ' .JT ZijUiSiivri,ftHavwaa w . vsammmmitimm&gs 10.wa wssaMssa ,,1. rsssiJ'- we savrtffiMMmmMtrj ing, Hats,rmmtMm&mwm&msBm perior toMiW IWWA'AXSUWittK 'ij-j . -y.ivvftvu.I HIM i 11 1 IE giSEASONIs upon us in all its beauty and splendor, and with it comes the beautfulSpring ClothesConyrJttfit, 1017iHic'oa!l5, tcrn & Co,s. l . ' :" TToiise would be Charles M. Schwab has announceuyear oeioru u.w that Mg BeUlleiiem plant, now greateravailable. than Krupp'Sf wW be used entirelyPWTT AT)ET,PHIA, PA., xaaxcu ror tne goveimucuu?HHiADfcLirxiiA. TTnited StatesLishop Charles . w tucky, was and a hundred other great industrial Bon, seventeen years old, who left hisEpiscopal diocese ol v ., i, v,pon irmkimr nlana TimQ nf tbnt nlace some time ngo, andThe mother of Clarence D. Mickleson. of Waterloo, Iowa, is seeking in-The United States Steel Corporation formation as to the whereabouts of he-Our lines of Suits for Men and&X Youns Men are now ready for yourWe are not bragging whenthat our entire stock of Cloth-Shoes and Furnishings is su-other lines shown in the cityfor the same prices. Nobby Pinch BackSuits, Two-Button Sacks in FancyScotches, Plaids and Irish Homespuns for the young fellow. Not high in price,but high in quality.$15.00 to $25.00Neat Worsted Patterns in conservative styles for the man who does not wantthe extreme designs in clothes. Come in and inspect our goods. We are gladto show you, whether you are ready to buy or not.,c . . . r,tnnf?ism itinnc have been making nlans home at that place some time ngo,greeted with cmwursw - JJrtlcIpatIon. lias not sinCe been heard of or seen.at e nntey lnien Tuesday the great copper industry He is five feet, eleven inches in height, gGarnck Theatre ,m run v otJc d the government that they weighs about 140 pounds, has brownin the F8 0l SSe. He said, wouid supply the army and navy with hair, and has a circular scar on his Jcd rellgiona 8 J elB us to be their vital supplies of copper at about left wrist Any information given toprice God half the market price. Chief of Police Fred L,ink, or any member of the Paris police force, will be JI ..r -irl Of) "AAAnrflinir r 11.. r.,r,-Ar.A in Mre ATlpklP. A' JjOriVUiS, ivia-icu. -i-. y,KJi.mb prompuyarAQmvrTON March 22. Officials private telegrams from Berlin to tne sonStetson Soft and Stiff HatsNettleton Fine Shoes, in High Cuts and OxfordsManhattan and Wilson Bros'. Spring ShirtsIn Linen Madras Cloths and Silks, $2.00 to $6.00cowards,forbid''Peaceat anyforwarded to Mrs. Mickle-PLENTY OF DUCKS.K wine telephone and tele Amsterdam Bourse, is is expected that .of the leading tewpno United stateg.grapli companies co accomplislied fact wiUlin 4g jWar DeparofflJ a dispatcll to the mGifford, of the Council ot -. rrolorrnnh from Amsterdam.fense, to perfect plans i Srican journalists in Berlin," the ponds in this vicinity. There seems 9Government rapid and g daTadds, " have been warned toJto be a larger number of the fowl grywimwnicatkms in Tent Ot war. dupatcn auu, thlQ-Rnrinir than usual.The early buyer gets the best selection, and we want you to deal with a storethat quality and merchandise counts with more than trying to lead you astraywith cheap prices.Local sportsmen have been bringingATnefoi.rtnm frnnrl hfUTS Of Wild dUOkS fTOlU thelW.... BW O- -- ...coanmnicauoiu. 'r',, x t-fl ,r .Af nv'th Foreirn office.here this -spring than usual.MITCHELL & BLAKEMOREVriASecretaryBaker thnKeu io " - wu cu -vAGE TWOTHE BOURBON NEWS, PARIS, KV.FRIDAY, MAJtOH, 2$, 117.ftThe Bourbon NewsEstablished 188135 Years of Continuous Publication.hblished Every Tuesday and Friday, porarily help American interestsfce Year.... $2.00 Six Months.. $1.00 Wpr n,pn nnnPirc m tnv of PPayable in Advance.bellved the pledge amounted to any-thing. But they did. Yet there areplenty of people in our country who MILLERSBURGwould favor the breaking of any na jtional pledge, if they felt it would tern-Aft T T. Trilonn laff T'liocfloir tnyHere then appears the task of each fl ,. ,f : A . ' . . Wofho,citizen in the present catastrophe. It Miss Amelia Hnrsf. is a truest of- is to do his share to create public her sister, Mrs. T. K. Smith, at Paris.JSYVIFT CHAMP, Editor and Owner, sentiment in favor of the most rigid Mrs. Minnie Hurst left Thursday, keeping of national agreements for a visit to her parents, Mr. and Mrs.;(Bntered at the Paris, Kentucky, Breaking of international law should Edward Cochran, of Elizaville.Postoffice as Mail Matter of the be considered the same as taking Mrs. Charles Friend and children.Second Class.) money fTOm a bank. Let it become a of Pocahontas, Okla., are guests of hernnronte Air o-rwl lMrc T M I'firnonropthe" ??'m ?l J!?r' l SUppo,rt n mU for -Burglars entered'the home of MrUUUliU OUiltiS -OlllCe UlUebS lie llUi. U norinle AToATolm Mnnrlnv nlfrlif nnHtsecured $14.00 and a pistol from a1 boarder in the home.The Handling of Fruit. t Mrs. Thomas McClintock is quiteill. Miss Florence Vimont is imOno of notable changes in the fruit .paving. Mr. T. E. Savage is sick,industry is the improved methods of Mr. J. G. Allen is out again,packing and handling it. Many of us Mrs. J. T. Mclntyre and daughter,who were brought up as boys on or Mrs. Wright, who have been the guestsnear farms have a vivid memory o' oC relatives here for the past twoweeKs, reiurneu to tueir name a.Any erroneous reflection uponrfia.raoJpr. Kfnrwlinr"- or Tfniitntinn nfany person, firm or corporation which cleau record on this world issueay appear m the colujnns of TillsEOURBON NEWS will be gladly corrected if brought to attention of theeditor.ADVERTISING RATESDisplay Advertisements, ?1.00 pereach subsequent insertion.Reading Notices, 10 cents per liner ".. . t J the oii-pIpcr wnv in wliinli Hia Jivorjirr "inch for first time; 50 cents per inch , , . ' ,,.... Simpsonvillc, Wednesday.uuuiui uu lo uauuB mb u uu. The last nuraber of the LyceumThe old timer used to sling around 0,lirse wiU be ven Friday eveningeach issue; reading notices in black sucn a iruit as apples, as it a Dain- a the M. C. Auditorium, under thetype, 20 cents per line, each issue. win was a stick of wood. An applo management of the Y. W. C. A. LetCards of thanks, calls on candi- looks as if it had a pretty firm text every body come and boost this worthy-dates, obituaries and resolutions, and ure- But a sijght dent or abrasion cause.starts decay which soon spreads Mr. T. R. Rigdon moved his meatthrniisrlinnt-. Hint. snpr.impn. nnd ia maiivut a uesuay iium uic Vii.vu,y uicommunicated to others.similar matter, 10 cents per line.Special rales for large advertisements and yearly contracts.The right of publisher is reservedto decline any advertisement or othermatter for publication.I. O. O. F. lodge, occupied by the pool1 rnnm n? Pio-rlnn XV Ponnp in tllfir whinlAn apple sorter would sit down on was reocntly remodeled and vacateda box and toss the fruit to piles sev- bv j mAnnouncements for political offices era! feet away. Apples would be The Chapel Concert Quartette, of-must mvariaojy be accompanied by poured from baskets into barrels, and New York, will appear at the Millerothe cash.those that were poured in flrst would burg College Auditorium on Fridayho vnrv nnnsiderablv dented bv the evening, March 2i, at 8:15 o'clock, un-ANNOUNCEMENT.fall. After a barrel was filled, anI honest packer would give it a thor-iough shaking down, so as to be sunWe are authorize 1 to announce tho hiS customer got good measure. Thisgood Democrats below as candidiates n0 doubt jammed the fruit still moreat the Democratic primary on August oh PtnhiisiiPrJ tbo xvpiI nf rlppv.4. 1917, to fill the offices to whichthey aspire:FOR STATE SENATORLEE W. WAIXSCOTT,Clark County.GEORGE HON,Clark County.? ABRAM R.EXICK,' t Clark County.der the auspices of the college Y. VC. A. This is the last number of ai.'unusually fine Lyceum series.j The protracted meeting whicn.I has been in progress at lh Presbyterian church since Sunday continues tcgrow m interest, iiivery one is veryThe well trained grower of to-day is much pleased with Rev. Wilson. Ser-learning that fruit is one of the most .vices will continue through the comin .nerishable products in the world week. Services at 2:30 and 7:30 eacbwell padded benchof individual specimensi ifor Gay.! niirilnn P- Tnnnn mnvPil tlipir linr-111 V.0W4. XV, .. V,.. ...w.wv. .. ...iFOR REPRESENTATIVE.C. M. THOMASFOR SHERIFF.WILL G. McCLINTOCK,WUfc Doc Marshall and Bob Gilkcy asdeputies.With awrappingthe world. With a padded bench foi ,f Mr c HaNvl;ins occupled by Mrsorting, and the wrapping of mdivid-jPerce to the L 0 0 F i)Undillg? reual specimens in tissue, delicate fruits ( centiy vacated by the dry goods storeare successniuy cameu luuenuiu' j 0r Ilr. C. v. uornngton, wnicn nasJ distances, and como out about as good neon especially fitted up for the barber!:is they hung on the tree. Growers oshop, pool room and bath room. TheI oranges, peaches, lemons, etc., long1 barber shop will be equipped with new'ago learned the watchful care that ,furnliure- .. . e . (.FnM,,,,r' . , x i t 4.:,, Tl1 Missionary Society of the Mmust be given the delieate tissue.-, plllirn1, Rnnth Pnnvnpri Wn,ip,WHARF'JlMASIhiim.LIVELY AS EVESGreenup Man, Once All RunDown, Gets New Energy.THANKS TANLAG FOR CHANGE"I used to swell up like a frog aftereating-," said James Wayson, wharfmaster at Greenup, Ky., "but thatwas before 1 started taking Tanlac.That bloated feeling took all the lifeout of me anil made me tired anddroopy. I didn't seem to have a bitof ambition. But it's different withme now. I sure ffel fine."Before I took Tanlac I was eatingpractically nothing just a little soupand milk now and then my stomachwouldn't stand anything stronger.After eating no matter what or howlittle I belched and bloated. I wainervous and dizzy all the time."I dreaded for night to come. Icouldn't sleep. I tossed about allnight and woke up in the morning alltired out. I could barely stand onmy feet during the day. I got discouraged. 1 didn't know what to do."A friend told me to try Tanlac.hesitated at first, because I had trie4many things and taken many tipsfrom frier ds. But I got Tanlac onthis friend's advice and I thank Godthat I did. It did the work."Today I am in fine health. I sleejfine and am not nervous a bit. I havea big appetite. So, you see, it's nowonder that I urge others who suffered as I did to get Tanlac right off."If you are not feeling right getTanlac today. Delay in health matters is dangerous.But thousands and thousands of apple growers have not yet learned thist . ennrn-Wkh D. E. ClarkVand L.' C. Ashcraft ei.oC their businessas deputies.FOR COUNTY ATTORNEYDAVID D. CLTNE.'COUNTY SUPERINTENDENTSCHOOLS.J. B. CAYWOOD.MISS MABEL BOBBINS,OF0FOR JAILERGEO. W. JUDY,THOS. TAUL,JOHN H. DOTY,WALKER KISER,C. T. MASTERSON,W. O. BUTLER,JOHN W. KING,J. W. HART.j unese mouern meuious Feem ninej to the old timer, but they bring big rej turns in money. Not merely doefruit look handsomer when receivedthat way, but it has been so protectled from wounds that it will last longer,(bring a higher price, and be worthmore money to tuts uuiwumci. x inducers that do not go the limit tokeep their fruit from getting woundsand abrasions in transit can not expect to stand anywhere in the criticalmodern market.dav afternoon with Mrs. D. P. Jones.The report of the State MissionarySociety, which convened last week atFort Thomas, was read. Considerablebusiness was transacted. The MissionStudy Class and Bible Study Clasr.held their last meeting for the seasonthis week and adjourned until nextfallTanlac, the master medicine andreconstructive tonic, is sold exclusively in PARIS by Varden & Son.Other exclusive agents in nearbytowns are as follows:HUTCHISON, Snell & Wood; MILLERSBURG, W. G. Wadell; ELIZABETH, Oscar Smith; CARLISLETrueman & Son; GEORGETOW... C.H. Arnold; WINCHESTER, Duty DrugCompany; AUSTERLITZ, B. S. Parrisli. (adv.)He used a pebblei! his day to keepbis mouth moistWE usePICS SVCiiQfigfe WSWfimf 3Pfii ISJSaai.I 'WlKA 11 'r'.ifif' i "41 tRSS. EFfe . iI W!fcg33fiUwwnoAesonie,B-4 NREInsure vitHW.O. HINTON &SON,AgtsFOR ASSESSORWALTER CLVRK,-Paris, with Jno. J. Redmon, of NorthMiddlelown, as deputy.GEO. D. SPEAKES,f Jaris, with Loe R. Craven, of LittleBeet, at Deputy.FOR MAYORJAMES H. MORELAND.FIRE CAUSES $12,000DAMAGE TO COURT HOUSEThe Lincoln county court house,'built at Stanford six years ago at a.cost of 50,000, sustained a $12,000'damage Tuesday morning by Viva' which started in a box containing saw-MILITARY SERVICE.There is a widespread demand forpractical military training of ouryoung men, and the sentiment isgrowing so strong that in the nearfuture it may be necessary for eachto serve a certain time in militarytraining and preparedness in order tobe ready for the unexpected, but always possible, eventualities.Our high military authorities arevery pronounced in their views, andare on record as saying that our militiaand volunteer system is u holly inadequate, and that no matter how bravand courageous, patriotic and liberty-loving our young men of lighting agemay be, without military training theywould be helpless in conflict withtrained and seasoned troops.General Wood believes that sixFOR POLICE JUDGECLAUDE F. REDMON,J. W. BROWN,P. A. THOMPSONHARRY L. MITCHELL.ERNEST MARTINinsurance.EDITORIAL MUSINGS.Fire, wind and hgntnirig insurance. Thomas, Woodford &. Bryan.& sc ws. . if wr x 'm s' ..jsAK&yz vL..'vi . - Mzryysmm.a S gives us aantiseptic.refreshing confection totake the place of the cavemansWe help ieethj breath, appetite,digestion and deliciouGiysoothe moiith and throac with,tliis vvelconie sweetmeat.The Wrlgley Spearmen -ynnt to send yc::their Book of Gum-ption. Sc::d a postaifor it today, V:n. Wrlfficy Jr. Co.,17S2 Kesner Building, Chicngo.WRAPPEDiS?f7 '3orrkL-. 9 MR Wv Ex?)rfidvi luddft&s&7'JfMtfhMs W?f&7KLttVXn&i3M&ZXTXJKr:wcX2:sk. '-i. &MdrdinowIeqin5tocdllipfo scehowyoa wo. fixd for coal !D'"War and International Law.The deplorable situation resultingdust. Much, damage was done in theCircuit Court room, the offices of the; months would suffice to put our younCounty Judge, County Attorney and j men in shape for actual pervice, butCircuit Clerk. The loss is covered by .sucli an expenenceu anu uiorougngoing soldier as General Scott believesthat it will take at least a year.Others are of the opinion that the 1Swiss system, which, like most otherSwiss systems, is the best (hat can b-3devised, will suffice for this nation, andthis means only a limited number ofdays' service each year for a limitednumber of years.Compulsory military service wouldbe a reflection upon the patriotism ofour young men, and for the great majority of them would be unnecessaryIn order that all may be treated alikoa compulsory service law might beexDedient. so that the slackers andFORMER CONFEDERATEOFFERS HIS SERVICES.Mr. J Esten Keller, of Lexington, aformer resident of Paris, who is novin his seventy-fifth year, has applied tothe War Department at Washingtonfor permission to raise a cavalryiON'T let the cold.austere month ofMarch anno:' you any. Buya ton of the coal we're selling and send Winter on hisway. Forward . March!Get the f'eijendable "HotStuff,"FOXR3SDGr!W. C. D0DS0NmS$(MMHjMX fOra . JWsW. &?U ZXt Mix wJ & h Mi rrrwnfm jsnmi n ii. iiubxt-"- , --- '-- v,yI Tr-tii Xis. I . -:v, m.!Ir.lr:F' E,?Tir i-Jl ,1 SS5 - iH VKrll I SfM -A TT H.'.--"-- l-l j yr'i srtilvC.Xt 3r C'j --JWCTTIH mA Jm"ivnk.L'fisgMieA MCVlfg.' mFrostirom the destruction of the Lusi-tnia, Laconia, City of Memphis, Illi- troop for service in case of conflict those who think more of pleasure andsols and Vigilancia raises again the , with Germany. j self-indulgence, and who are blessedquestion whether there is any such' Mr: Keller, who was a lieutenant in kVith a l'beral amount of this world'sthing any longer as international law 'the Civil War in the command of Gen. c-vfuls mav be coniDelled if necessary.1T$e libraries and systems of teaching John H. Morgan, wants to recruit a!0 o-0 into "training with the sons of thei . , .. , , i.mer and the mechanic, tlie butcher,tlin hnkpr nnd thn candle-modifled miliates, wthtlie guarantee that they will! tarism in this country. We have althat have grown' up under that title troop composed of one hundred sons I f arseem to-day to have vanished intand grandsons of Kentucky Confeder- tnefhin air. vliere are in any collection of hu-'Sive an acount of themselves in battle 'ways hel(1 our own wnen it came to"xnatn beings a great many who ob- as their fathers and grandfathers did the pinclf i)oth n iall(i and on seaserve laws only from fear of force, hefore them. Mr. Keller, in case his-but it is obivious that to do so in thePlenty of men would steal and kill regiment is granted, will enlist sev- future we must not depend upon thndid they not fear the penalty. But eral from Paris and Bourbon county, flintiock and the prowess 'of our youngHiere is no penalty for breaking in known to be excellent horsemen anl en We? t00f must be trainei an,itemaUonal law. An international po 'whose courage and fighting qualities prepared. Memphis News Scimitar,lice force may some day maintain by cannot be questioned. jawiw; uic vauuicy 01 aucn coaes oi L'i ij-cuci a " i,'i"' wi " "o-; PLENTY OF PROOF.rules as may be agreed upon, but it sage weanesaay irom Aajutant-uen-FARMERS' CONGRESS TODEVELOP NATIONALFOOD SUPPLY POLICYmay be many years before any suchlorce can be created.A strong publje sentiment is al-"rs-ysenormously helpful in maintaining any kind of a code. In business"life, law is not the only thing thatkeeps the banker or the merchanthonest They know that trickery"will hurt and perhaps ruin their business. Consequently the great bulk;of every day business transactions are . A national congress of farmers,square and on the level, not so much j producers and growers will meet infrom fear of law, as from fear of New York late in May of early in June.Tl)lic sentiment and loss of reputa-jit was announced by Mayor Mitchell.tSon. I It is planned to have the Governor ofIn the matter of .keeping national each State send three delegates, repagreements, sentiment seems less resenting grain producers, food anima-well defined. Formerly no nation industries and vegetable and fruitrer thought of keeping its pledges growers. Production, transportationwken they were contrary to its inter- and distribution will be considered anderal H. P. McClain, at Washington,stating that his application had beenreferred to the War Department, and Iwill be acted on in case necessity demands raising of such a troop.From People You Know From ParisCitizens.&t During the past century therek&s been a decided advance in thisparticular. But Eaijope has always-scoffed, at such promises. When theUnited State promised to retire from-Ctb, few" of the foreign diplomatsthe delegates will be given opportunityto study Nev York's market with aview to establishment of better relations between producer and receiver..It also is planned to develop a national Mr. JLarkin had. Foster-Milburn Co.,ivuu ouii.y ifuuuy. - - . f props., --.Bunaio, N. Y. v.-- , (adv)i rne greatest sitepuc can naruiy iaujao be convinced in the face of evidence like this. It is impossible tnproduce better proof of merit than thetestimony of residents of Paris, ofpeople who can be seen at any time.Read the following case of it:J. W. Larkin, retired farmer, 431High St., Paris, says: "I am only tooglad to recommend Doan's KidneyPills, because 1 have at times hadquite a bit of trouble with my backOften, I have had a dreadful acheacross my kidneys and the kidney secretions have been too frequent inpassage. A box or so of Doan's Kidney Pills at these times have neverfailed to cure me of an attack."Price 50 cents, at all dealers. Don'tsimply ask for a kidney remedy getDoan's Kidney Pills the same thatYou Don't Have toStoopIf You Use arlandCabinetR&ogeJack Frost cuts deep into thepoorly painted house. Eachcold snap freezes the moisturein the boards and cracks thevood just as freezing burstsbottles of water.Keep out the moisture with weather-proofpaint made of Dutch Boy Vhite Lead thinnedwith pure linseed oil. That will defeat JackFrost. It will add fresh beauty, long remainsmooth, non-cracking and weatherproof.We have all paint materials for big or little jobs.And friendly advice, too. Call, 'phone, or write us.1 mV-JUmTe&-9fi7&.Dulcfe BoyAnchorWMeLeaiC. A. DAUGHERTYA beautiful line of Garlands on display. Come in and. look them over.Paris Gas & Electric Co.(Incorporated)Automobile Hearse or Ambulance!I desire to announce to our friends that I can, wheredesired, furnish an automobile hearse or ambulance. Thismethod of transpertation is especially desired on long trips,the same bemp; made in better time, and at no advance incost over the horse-drawn conveyance.6E0. W. QAV1S, Funeral Director.A MAN AND HIS WIFEmay both derive saiisfactionby having their worn and soiledgarments cleaned by us. Thecost is nominal, while the pleasure of wearing old clothes thathave the appearance of new,conjunction with the knowledgethat you are effecting a greatving, must surely satisfy you.A phone brings us.LEVY, THE DRY , CLEANERCumberland Phone 40.rwHonn6mm Phone 169-21n VFRIDAY, MARCH 23, 1917.THE BOURBON NEWS, PARIS, KY.PAGEMWur uIUIUS A trinity of evils, closely allied, that afflict Sa nncf TlOrt'Tkln T4 tttI?aU 11 n KTGlilfiS ?ther in the order named, until the last one- is spread through the system, leading totbiSXOl mauyevils But their course can be checked.FERUNA CONQUERSIt is of great value when used promptly for a cold, usually checking it and overcoming it in a few days. xAmple evidence has proved that it is even of more value in overcoming chronic catarrh, dispelling the inflammatory conditions, enablingthe diseased membranes to perform their natural functions, and tonincup the entire system. .i"bThe experience of thousands is a safe guide to what it mav be expected to do for you.Liquid or tablets both tested by the public and approvedTHE PERUNA COMPANY, . . . COLUMBUS, OHIOSOCIAL AND PERSONAL.Comings and Goings of OurPeople Here, There andElsewhere.CLARK COUNTY HOSPITAL.The new Clark County Hospital wasformally opened to the public at Winchester, Saturday, and, in spite of thtdisagreeable weather, hundreds of per-Hon. J. Hal Woodford is at Hot S?1, , ?2,tUtit 7hoirine-s Arir fr. Q !,... .,, structure, which is located on Lexing.Springs, Ark., for a short stay.I Mr. W. C. StiDD. of near Pariguest of his sister, Mrs. H. C. WeathMr w r 5Hnn nf num. Pni.Sc ia n tou aYeuue m wmcnesier, presents aJ., ll p-.fSSP' .1 nea7 ar3 a handsome abearance, and the furnish-, ers, an Covington.Mr. and Mrs.ings and equipment are fully the eciualof any similar institution in CentralFor Rent.House of 5 rooms on Lilleston avenue. Electric Lights, Gas, Water.Bath, Garden Spot, Concrete Cellar.Apply to undersigned.MRS. R. M. HARRIS,Homo phone 82. Paris, Ky.(20-3t)FOR RENT.EDITORIALSCOMINGINTO THEIR OWN.William Shire have t-, .;-!...o ttoSstoS ciSS t0 N"V ' ""I. The Medical staff of the new hospitall-MicSemyhas returned from JLdT ttl'v I'''?a visit to Mrs. Roy Benson and other "LecntA D g? W' SS?relatives in Louisville. im i i V tVt ? ,uuuau"' l-Mrs. June Payne returned Tues-H-Bad McKmleyday night from Sutherland, Florida. TTnE-mF; S "fwhere she had been spending the win- f s Mayme and Elizabeth Spears,ter . nave gone to Pasadena, California, ior-Miss Georgia Moss has returned ,a v1 r. and Mrs. W. L Yerkes.to her home in Winchester, after a ' , Tr. Louis Wollstein will recumvisit to Mrs. John Sturgeon, in this 5"iK'ro?cjty j daughter, Mrs. David Bachrach, and-Mr. and Mrs. Hiram Redmon have1' Bachrach, at Little Rock, Ark.returned to their home in Frankfort ?Ir Bachrach who has been ill forEarly journals Miss Elizabeth Brown has return-were based on editorial utterances, ed to her home in this city after aneglecting the news side, but in the visit to her aunt, Miss Carrie Brown,last Quarter of a centurv. tollowinc in Lexington.inftwsnanor cliane-Ps tbnf nro lnriv Mrs. Wm. Ardery, Jr.,the result of mechanical improve-some time following a surgical operation, nas anout recovered, and is ableto be up again.GERMAN CASUALTIES.Three unfurnished rooms at No. 733Walker avenue. Hot and cold water awayand other conveniences. Call Home mere parts in the factoryPhono 339. (janSSO-tl)HavePapYour Waller Cleaned.Editorial utterances are being used after a visit to relatives in North Mid-and discussed more widely right now uletown-than ever before. Our people have be- TMr?' Lee- MTaatersn ha returnedim to. n.iAt.nA u t -i to ner home m Lexington after a visilcome more addicted to the editorial to her sIst Miss LtUe Bramblettehabit in the last few years than in jn this citvnam a century before.LONDON, March 22. According toofficial lists kept here, the total ca5-unities of the Germans reported for theMr; Wm Arrlorv Tr nf Tnriz """L" Ut reuruury ui KiutJU, ueau Quewas a guest of her parents. Rev. and t0. wounds or sickneas, men madeAire t t cnonnnr in T.oviiitWmi kov. -prisoners and missing, amount nnients, interest seemed to have fallen enl' YS' this week ' I M'471t making the total German cas-Editors of late have become at KntP r.hnmiipr '.if v.vip Pa "alues since the beginning of the war,is a guest of her mother and brothct I exclusive of those in the navy or theEditorial columns nrnlmhlv hnvn as Airs. W. A. Morris and Mr. Thos. G -"", i,i'o,xoo. iue reuiuarmany readers proportionately as do Morris, on Pleasant street.nthpr npwsTianp.r (ipnnrtmpntc hut with Mrs. Carrie F. ktone, who is oi:., . , . . TirnfpKsinnal diit.v in the Bavlor Hos itne seeming ueenne oi interest nianj :. ; V . . 7n " ... .. Prisnners 1? nit.nl. at. Snn Anhinin. Tp.xas. was i uiauuei!) x,publishers dropped editorials as a reg- uest thig week oC relatives iu thiauiar ieuiure aim look, io uispiaying cy an(j countvlosses are given as follows:Killed or died of wounds or sickness 13.S1G98Missing 7,270Seriously wounded 12,451opinions m large type on the trout Mr and Mrs. W. C. Powell, Miss onsuuy wountieu o.oripage from time to time. llattie Hughes, Mr. Ben Leach anO! But the ereat war brought a revival Mr. Louis Margolen attended the Stof interest in editorials, sobered many f,atrick dance given in Lexington last,i who had forgotten to read in thomodern excitements of tango, movieTotal 60.47JThe German casualties in the monthweek bv Mr Snurr 0l January, accoruing to L.onaon, werMiss Annetta Dudley, daughter o 77,534 and the total for the war up toMr. and Mrs. Wm. W. Dudley, who that time was announced as 4,087,69cYou Can Make Excellent Cakewith Fewer EggsJust use an additional quantity of Royal BakingPowder, about a teaspoon, in place of each egg"omitted.This applies equally well to nearly all bakedfoods. Try the following recipe according to thenew way:CREAM LAYER CAKE ' ,Old Way1 cup sugar5 cup milk2 cups flour2 teaspoons Royal Bakinc Powder3 eggsi cup shortening1 teaspoon flavoringNew Way1 cup sugar1 cup milk2 cups flour .A teaspoons Royal Baking Powder1 egg1 tablespoons shortening1 teaspoon flavoringMakes 1 Large 2-Layer CakeDIRECTIONS Creamthesugarandshorteningtogether.then mlxlntheegff. iAfter sifting the flour and Royal Baking Powder together two or three times,add it all to the mixture. Gradually add the milk and beat with spoon untilyou have a smooth pour batter. Add the flavoring. Pour into greased layer caketins and bake in a moderately hot oven for twenty minutes. Tht3 cake is beatbaked in two layers. Put together with cream filling and spread vith whiti iciagBAKING POWDERmade from Cream of Tartar, derived from grapes.No Alum No Phosphatekim nponirnd In oloon tlift rifinoT rn . . n. . ivour wall and make them Took as an(1 J0 SImS' . . r nas ma, m0Et lias bee seriously ill for some time atyour aii, ana mane uiem iook as f . .n?mnnn p in n irnnfi mnnv .u i i. .,,( P,.nmM !k r -... wf,..w.. ... - 0wU IHU IIUIUU Ul 1111 JJU.IUIILO WJi VJ 1" w ;ways, we know geograpnicai maps as street, of bronchial pneumonia, is miUNCLE SAM GETTING WOMEN WILL BE ENLISTEDREADY FOR BUSINESS. IN ACTIVE NAVAL SERVICEgood as new. Work guaranteed. CallHome phone 1G3. (13-4t)Notice To the Public!never before and something of the life proving.and lmhifH vf nthnr nnnnlft nil around Mr. and Mrs. Louis Rogers andi,o riM,a wo n rinm.nriinr trfiiiio-i sons, Harvey and Julian Rogers, havo"H ftlUUV. 1W V UV.1UUUU1UQ ... .and tlioughtful comment upon worl.land national affairs.l"SOMETHING HAS HAPPENEDreturned to their home near Paris, afWhen you see a cheerful and happyold lady you may know that she m.I will pay this season the nighesrprices that have ever been known m iParis for horse hides, beef hides,wvv pciu, .uu luia. Irooa aigestioni wm aiso pay me nigiiest mariwsi impaired or if you do notpuce lor Kags ana faper. l win sena meals take a dose ofafter it any place in the city. Call Tablets. They strengthby Cumberland phonal 374.Eighth Street(20-oct-lyr) MAX MUNICHOffice on acli. improve the digestion and causoja. gentle movement of the bowels. Ob-1tamable everywhere.(adv-mar) JWASHINGTON, March 22. Tho WASHINGTON. March 22. SecreNew Orleans navy yard has been tray Daniels has ordered naval comTO THE KAISER." dered to build at once four submarine nandants at shore stations and all re-chasers. The New York yard Monday ciuiting offices to be prepared to enlistMONTREAL, March 22. Mysterious uas ordered to build sixty submarine voraen in the actual naval service' fator i ;- k-v vr nnd Mn Jesse A!-1 . a s ui&uu&beu m ckiiuiii chasers. c:.se ot an emergency.lLJn Ct ronronrnvn ThPv woro ac- i ?;rcl?s here in regard to the possibil The department has called upon all The Judge Advocate General has nrf-.ioisu, u.- i-.-vr.l0..w .. ... j 1TV runt thf tlormnn hmnornr mnv t . .... ,. t-.n-.t i ii... u j i t . ii..i ila T ascnir Al I "-' ""- - .-.. v,. ....j ,w iavv U,lUti 11I,LSU IL U11UUI LUtVC SU1UI' UU lllilU U'Ullieil CUU UJ CHUtlieU IUUWCm a serious physical condition. No boat construction to submit estimates the laws regulating recruiting.open statement could be obtained as, to the number of submarine cdias- While it is not intended tnnlnre wcvnML fllQl' ton lrn ll i?11t. v- ntt nliftnttrl c1ir t. n -nn. Tj- I1T--inne vt ttuaiA, n.tiua "' ilie SDecific nature of the iniurv or dis- TmQrtnn Ton Toi,i tj-- ,i - ni, rir,. r.rx,; ,ii-w-her home in Bourbon county this week .f.a Whici, ie(i to the renort. but ru- ,tH xjetr, ri1Qioefnn o.i nta nn,f fnDn ,..;i. cIf your digestion ;L ' a 2 J .i!' J?if J"f; vIJ? n,ors were current that "something Cirds probably will be assigned to Grades corresponding to the reomauiin uie city mic nas CAi-ci.a.i.j "iv" .has liaDnened to the Kaiser." the na- mnctrnntjnn f Ahnarc t tv. rn Qv Aino, -n-m i, ,-o hn?a iw.1.U IUUOC IIUU1UJ'clerks,, typistas-positions. Training in.-SIGNS OF GOOD DIGESTION.oompamsd home by httle Lassing Alverson, son of Mr. and Mrs. Alvcrson.The Richmond Climax-Madisonian f,om any person of authority regardin.says. "Mrs. Anne waiiace leiuius tie specific nature of the injury or displace returns to ,he specific llatUre ofcounty this week .f.ase whicn le(1 to th. Higgins While n)ors were curpentot relish you- n.the Clty sne,rcas,ex wfiie Jlnnt i1,as naPPened to the Kaiser," the na- construction of chasers to the full ex- class will be given toChamberlain's "tV! ;:; ', Sitb her siiter 't,,re of which is being kept a secret tent of their capacity. It is possible ing as stenographers,en the stom r alltlQithy the faithful sen-ants and physici- tnat the construction of 150 or 200 or similar positions.Mrs. Homer G. Kiser, in Paris.'(Other Personals on Page 5)MAYSVILLE BARACAS WIN.Piano Tuning!iFor Saleis1 One set of dining loom furniture, i.i now goin on by rounding, A. , !. ,r Ifirst-clasQ condition. Callftiuce me ueain ol uiy liiuier, iur.J R. Hanna, well and favorably knownver Paris and Bourbon County ior!years as an expert piano-tuner, I havesucceeded him in business, and willomtinue his work. I have been associated with him since childhood, andI know what to do.Will be in Paris twice a week. 1am factory representative for the Lester Piano. Call or write,OSCAR F. HANNA,485 West Sixth St..(2mar-tt) Lexington, Ky.Phone 96, Paris.1:T:S Willi WllOin llC riaS SUrrOUlmGd nnnoarc- moi- Ua. npnviMail r-vy in !?:. ,-tmnc. o mimlior ? Ti'hltvhnvn Knnhimself since the beginning of the war. vay jn addition to 200 or more to be organized under auspices of the NayI No news of the Kaiser's where- ordered Wednesday from private build- League, also will be recognized ,fcy.uhouts or of his physical condition has ers navy officials as a factor in shoosin, h-en given out from any part of the ! The chasers are designed to do 3r the women recruits. Another grade erf, merman empire since on iuarcn 5, jots an nour and will be equipped York for which the v may be designat-The Baraca Class of the Maysvillehen a dispatch from Berlin through vitn triple propellers and a fuel ca ed is that of radio-telegraphy awtBaptist church slipped several poinL? Amsterdam stated that he was suffer- p;,city for long cruising radius. 'ether communication devices,over on the Paris class in the contest from so severe a chill that ho had j J ,an at- ," e" lorceu iu remain muoors alio- j inome tendance ol ai uieir u . . theadquarters by means of messengers world akin " and relations always foremost Americans belongs to tiixsaBSSEanMan Wanted.Good man wanted to raise sevenacres of tobacco: man with two grownsons preferred: must have good Teference none other need applyon or addressEDWARD PRICHARD,(20-tf) Paris, Ky.last Sunday. The Pans class nau oniy , teleeranh48 nresent. The Maysville class iuw ihas a go?d long distance lead ovathe Paris class, and are making preparations to maintain that lead, unlessthe Paris class should spring a surprise at the final moment. Boficlasses are working hard, but it hocmsr.,11 Mavsville has succeeded in arousing aihe most enthusiasm.anPFAr.FRS OF PREMISES '?fight like the deuce., chaps that get to the border first.QG9ZQV0Qm999G9mQQQ99Q999SW999m9&5QVQGGQ0ZGS9t993S9mm990999991m99999LY CO.itNEED A SPANKING.verPUBLIC AUCTIONO FSmall farms In "Wildwood"85Thei is nothius that add.- mora t;;tho appearance of a town than wellkept premises, neat yards, clean gardens, " beautiful lawns, and last, butnot least, a tidy looking fence, unlessthe custom of removing fences altogether should become universal, and Jwe honor all those who- take a I)(-rjJsonai pnue in buuh Lmuga., But it is a lamentable fact that thereare those who do not take pride iuWildwood .; formerly the New Fair Ground,. locau-d on the I-exinpUjn m up Wtttag about th jujd arc ;till lJUi ui umv.u ....v. - . wgo even out of their ways to annoy b ,little acts of pettiness that tend to mar jthe appearance or premises. In thocourse of news-hunting expeditionsabout Paris we have frequently notic-.ed nice fences which thoughtless uoyt.or perhaps some children of largegrowth have whittled and defaced until it has bore a strong resemblance tcan Alaskan totem pole. And that isn'tall. These kids have in many place.ROBNEEL 3UILBBNG, COR. EEGHTH AND SV5ASN, PARIS, KY.ing the Farmer Needs at Lowest Possible Prices.A!! Our Goods the Best That Money Can Buy. Buy the Best at a Saving.of From 5 to 25 Per Cent.Mix DtfWP Farm IirmtampntQ Three-horse Plows, guaranteed to scoun'n " anyH L?Ctre raim impiemeniS. ,and. Breaking Plows, 50-6O Tooth Harrows.Cutting Harrows, Corn Planters, Walking-and Riding Cultivators, Single, Double. ThreeandFour Showl Cultivators, Mowers, Self Dumping and Bull Rakes, Binders. Drills. Wagons.Manure Spreaders, Garden Plows. Oliver Chilled. Vulcan and Syracuse Points 40c each.J. I. Case Tobacco Transplanters. All we ask of you is, before you buy take a look-.at.50urmachinery and we will show you why you should buy John Deere Machinery..nikP iSouth Main Street) has been platted into 10 small farm, and will beoffered at public auction, on the premises, onWEDNESDAY, APRIL 4, 191T,becinnine at 230 o'clock. "Wildwood" residents will have the advantage offive cent car fare to the city, being located on the interurban I ne, with convenient service everv few minutes. City water piped to and on the ground-;electric "lights and gas accessible, and a fine sulphur well is located about midway of the property.IDEAL LOCATIONS FOR HOMES.r- .oii form in "Wildwood" is beautified with elegant maple andlnonit shade trees and large forest trees making them ideal locations for ivsi- ciiuiked the fronts of businsss houses, jj. ...:.u n thu ,uH'Pnipnrs of the citv and the advantage ox country me, ,iftfnno,i wfmlmv sills, and In otnernence- wim . --"..--.-- - .- . .v, - .ways shown their natural bent, unebusiness man remarked, after findinghad been paid by these vandalsI would just like to havewith ufficienfeland in each farm for an elegant lawn also a place to rise a s swarden or farm in a snvill way. and room to raise chickens kee:- a cow. etc.ad thus materia lv reducing the co.t of living, and with city benchw at the mgame time c-rapmg ciiv u.-. ..w:m....i " 0,n ,., th.-. .r.nr1c o i.iR nlae.eThe nublic is corcnany lnvucu w viaiL nuo.v.. ow.. '- -- - rnnd inqtJct them before the dav of sale, and observe the beautiful and almost rour arms and hands instead ot twonarfir-i elevation which so necessary if von would Inve yt.ur home appear at ;m(1 t.atcIl same of those little savagesit's best advantage. Plat of "Wildwood" small farms can now be seen at the at thelr wark.osit B.mk & irust ompan. Kothinc is more annoying to a manPeoples DejRESTRICTIONSrestrictionstructureshousesto the building line, noSAFEGUARDNothingPURCHASERS after he has placed a neat fencenrmimi liij home and had it neatlyRESTRICTIONS -Small farms in "Wildwood" will be sold witn reaon:i e inted to KO 0UL sonic morning ands. thereby insuring Prr.-c1? ... ..w... - ; ; ;;- find lhat some thoughtless kui or som, building lines, etc i.,e "--- - " u"i"":rnC a man. i,erha,ps, had been making a Cairo be built on eacn smaii iarn, w .. -;---- "-;"' : ...T.' ns"' nt rf,n nv ir Sometimes Uie vanTrm fiwiitfi iii uv, ,... - -- -nearer to th front'lineof their propeity than one hundred mid twenty-live ft.A clause will also be inserted in each deed prohibiting the transter of any ofnail farm tracts to coioreu peopie.f is the desire of the promoters of this beautiful country place. "WMd" to make it most attractive and desirable tc people wh contemphtinc this desirable suburb their home in the future.woodmakingIdle-rrRMQ OF SALE Small farms in "Wildwoou will lvj liTtS liowinn- conditions: One-third cash, the balance in equalmen?" -luein 'neTndfw'ytnnd btariK interot at ,h rate of aix ,Sent per annum, and. alien will be taken n ; Jf, PM 'V omny'a '"ot said ueierreo nuie .-v ..... ....dalism is the work of a petty spitefulnature. Such things ought not to be. judicious spanking, administered is:the good old-fashioned way, where itwould do the most good, might helpsomo to break up the practice, evenif it did lead to a declaration of warwith the "dear child's" parents.HarnessBuggy Harness $12 to 25.00.Pony Harness S10.00 to $15.00Breeching 6.00 to $10.00.Back Bands 25c to $1.00Belly Bands 50c to 75c.Check Lines $3.50 to 4.75.Hames 75c to &L.75.Trace Chains 60c to 95c.Hame strings 15c to 25c.Bridles SI. 25 to $3.00.Breast Chains 50c to 65c.Collar Pads, all sizes, 30c.Saddles worth $25, now S17.50Saddles worth 24, now $16.50Saddles worth $10, now S7.50.Boys' Saddles worth $9, now7.Boys' Saddles "worth $7.50,now $5.50.All kinds of Horse Blanketsand Buggy Robes.S Churns2 Dazey Churns, 3, 4 and 6J gallons. Also wood churns.S Scales, Pumps, Etc.5 We are agents for FairZ bankd-Morse Scales, Pumps,2 Engines, etc.Paints.We have on hand about 1,000gallons Simmons Paint. Nohotter paint in the world.Bought last year. Can .ellfor 40c per gallon less than wecould if bought to-day. Alsoa quantity or wnue leanbought at the same time.you are going to paint, see usbefore you buy. Linseed Oiland Turpentine. All kinds ofporch and inside paint.Hardwareand seeLook over our liswhat you need:Saws, Hatchets. Hammers.I Planes, Axes, Mauls. Wedges,Locks or all kinds, DrawingKnives, Pruning Knives. Ta-jt-f bie Knives and Forks, Pocketrunves, jautcner ivnives, warving Sets, . Kitchen KnivesShears and Scissors. Sheet:i Uipping Machines,j Clipping Machines.J Shears. - Rakes.- Hoes.! all kinds of handles.t-HorseSheep Forks.Nails.Studebaker Autos.Iff vou are coins to buy ani Screws, Bolts, Horseshoe3 andAutomobile let us show you I Nails,..Gnndstones. Feed Baskets, Olothes Baskets. EggBaskets, Cistern Pump3, bothwood and galvanized. IceCream Freezers. Water Coolers, Buckeye Incubators. United States Cream Separators,Lawn and Porch Swings.Take a look at out STOVESand RANGES. We sell' the-Never-Rust'Cast Iron Range.No better made. Guaranteedfor 20 years. Worth $60.00,now $40.00. Four-eye'Cook-Stove$12.50 to 16.00. 'tne btudebaeter. it has everything you could wish fortin an automobile except thehigh price. Looks, comfort,power, room, workmanship,material the best.Goodyear Tires and inner Tubes,all kinds of accessories, Gasoline.Auto Oil, Bumpers, Spot Lights,Sparks Plugs, Pumps, etc.Good Farm Machinery Oil 25cper gallon; our Special Auto Oil40c; Gas and SVam Engine Oil.Crude Oil for your hogs. CreamSeparator Oil worth S1.00, now50c per gallon.RANK FOOLISHNESS.secure the payment...-. Ajn rsm Y J"R.F"E! PRIZES You occasionally see it suucu u.uv.BEAUTIFUL AND COSTLT t-ret t. t-tifc.s. resnU from cold weatlieP.tt a.;ii trie, ftwav Mhsolutolv free, on day of sale, a number of lwnutifui This Is rank foolishness. Were it, !2 If nri?es E rv perin attending. the .ale wil have an cqu,.! true colds would be as prevalent mand attractive pmes.erj,i Attend the sale and you mav I- midsummer as in midwinter. ThefuckTin8curinl,aporiionof 'ihe Shower of Gold." or one of tho valuable nilcrobe causes coUls nourishesICentuckian-Citin for a list of toe valu5ilt prizes to n pivi-n t,t a cold take Chamberlain'a f'ougn,n uipmy nnu sui'jvv;i m i.i-H-ru.iuii .n-MMt- unv ncmouy. it is euectuai auu i jub-tropnmmAnilntl bv neonle who havo. ,.r. m rf-fccrv used it Ior many years as occasion rWILDER, CAYWpOD & bUKtY, r.uired. and know its 'real value. O:.All Kinds of Staple Groceries. Seed Potatoes. fnS?'15.S10. CO bbl. in cloth; Best Flour $1.25 per 24 pounds; Meal per peck 40c; Pure' Cane Susrar300 lbs. $8.20; Pure Cane Sugar 25 lbs. S2.10- can Corn lOc; can Hominy 10c; can Pumpkin10c; SOc California Peaches 20c; 20c California Peaches 15c: 30c California Pineapple 20c;20c California Pineapple 15c; Arm & Hammer Soda per lb 7 l-2c; Matches per box 5c- RIopfluckyprizes.Wnfnh Theaway. The piizea will beof sale.per lb. 71-2c:purft Lard per lb. 22c; Smoked Bacon per lb. 22jc. All prices subject to changewithout notice. The markets are strong on everything. We will not raise prices unlessabsolutely necessary. We can't advertise everything; give us a call and you will seethn 'that we can save you money. ;3th&Min FARMERS SUPPLY COMPANY pb, .Ky.iiMma-MfeOWv'SRS OF "WIliDWOOD."tainable everywhere.)PAGE FOUR -THE BOURBON NEWS,' PARIS, KY.FRIDAY, MARCH, 23, 1117.Ift!"KEEP YOUR CHICKENSON YOUR PREMISES."If the frequent complaints that, havebeen coining to the police of Paris regwding chickens running at large onthe streets are acted upon, it may hecome necessary for them to issue suchSPRING ARRIVED OFFICIALLY ,ON WEDNESDAY, MARCH 21.While the recent snow hlizzardsWere raging and the snowdrifts werepiling up, many Paris people wailed"I don't believe Spring will ..evercome." For their consolation it mayn order as above. Once upon a time be remarked that Spring is here, offitlie city of Millersburg was torn from cially, at least. Spring, according tocenter to circumference over the all well-conceived theories, arrived atBOURBON CIRCUIT COURT.The entire time of the Court. wastaken Tuesday in the trial of twosmall suits. The first was a suitbrought by Booth & Strother, for theJRELIGIOUS.St. Pp.ter's "Eniseonal Church. Itev.recovery of $480 on a note alleged to' RftftrM Warris. reRtftP. Sumlahave been lost. The jury returned a School at 9:3o a m gervices and ser.iveruici ioi uie ueieiiuuiiLS. . -tn.r w -n:n t nn,.I11U11 U.U IU.1U U. 111. UUI11I5 .LJGlll 3C1vices will be held on Wednesday at7:30 p. m. and on Friday at 4:00 p. m.Rev. W. O. Sadler, pastor of the1'M'I f"l l"HH I '! Mill II 111 1 4 ll lThe second suit was that of Thos.C. Mynes against Hay & Anderson, onquestion of whether or not chickens: precisely 11:20 o'clock Tuesday night, 'appeal from the Bourbon Quarterlyghould be allowed to run at large on preceded by a heavy shower, and ac-Court. The suit was the outcome of a !Mpt3ii f 1,1 viiT nromw his m 1the streets, meaning of course, feather companied by a display of lightning, controversy involving the sale of a lot ,f ,Sv T n.J " L,i 7ea cmcKens, not uie ones irom tne city With the thunder god putting on tlio 1 0f hay. The jury returned a verdict inor the female college. loud pedal.We do not know if there is an ordi- The departed winter was about thenance prohibiting owners from allow Worst ever known in Paris, accordinging their poultry running on the streets to unanimous opinion. So, it's a rare,or getting the range of their neighbors' consolation to know that Spring isyards, but it is a fact that the com- jlere Although the temperature didplaints have been frequent in regard 110t fall lower tiian "somewhere in theto the destruction of property by 4(,-s tne eariy birds longed for thehickens wandering from their own j. nmffs that have Deen laid awayiopiains and poaching on neighboring iu moth ballSf aim tUe frog:.,territory. These complaints are apt ,,.1,, were startled out of their winto become more frequent with the ad- ffir slGen bv the timnder storms andfavor of the plaintiff. jTn the rnao nf TTIIIq Wnfpro itVlir -woa Isentenced Wednesday, is the first conviction of a woman, followed by sentence to the penitentiary, that has occurred in the Bourbon Circuit Courtfor a period covering twenty years oe.court history.Four prisoners, convicted at thispit Sunday at 10:45 a. m. and 7 p.m. Sunday School at 9:30 a. m. Epworth League at 6:15 p. m. Sub'jecf."The Saloon, the Foe of Society."Leader, Mr. H. A. Power. The publicis invited to all these services.At a meeting of the ExecutiveBoard of the local auxiliary C. W B.M. of the Christian Church held Tuesday afternoon at the home of Mrs. R.B. Hutchcraft, Mrs. J. D. Booth, pres-SPRINGOPENINGif rxt rQ 41 rv TJrtiilrtTl Piiin ?4- "1sif I. :. . " . w , ident, presided. A number of plans forI were brought into open court Wednes- f. ' w. wftrA lllfM,11Mlftd ftml thR!.. nH ..1 .!... ,1 4-n 4V.M. T71 lXi. M W . . . w -.w w. W vu-9uixy ctuu suuteuueu iv mi; rrunKiurtvent of the spring gardening season. electric display of Tuesday night paid Reformatory for varying terms. EllaChickens in a newly-planted garden i,0? a;rv..rtr.Nr oiio ii.tina wanr-in, ,.! ., ,.j... . , ""w ucifeuuujj w "" ""ii"& , vvuteia aiiu ucuifie cravens, uuuican cause much damage and in a short rubber boots aU(1 keepin& a watchful white, charged with stealing brass, etc.. I upouume piay navoc w.ui uic iuiu, ul , eye on the fast.moving clouds,weeks' hard labor. The fme weather of yesterdavKeep 'em tied up. u no omer wa broilrflt mit a lare nimiber of shon-and theobservance of the week before Easteras a week of prayer, was decidedcan be found, and thereby promote the;peac.e and quiet of the community in display hl the store windows, and thewnicn tney nave uie iuiiui iujiu uilive.from the Paris Gas & Electric Co.were sentenced to three years eachGeorge Carrett, colored, alias "Snow."was given a life sentence under thehabitual criminal act. Proof was prenew things fo Easter came in forjsented showing that Garrett had beentheir iair share of attention from thepprs, who inspected the nice things onSAVING PAPER.POULTRY NETTING AND FENCE.fair sex.!Wo bought earlylees than anybody,all meshes.(It)and can sell forAll sizes and inFORD & CO.NOW'S THE TIME.MINSTRELS FAIL TO ARRIVE.1 Why not have the house wired forj Electricity before the Spring Housej Cleaning? Electricity is oneaper.cleaner and in every respect better fo"(Christian Herald.)It lias been said that the best wayto save money is not to spend it, and"sent up" once from Shelbyvi'ie, oncc,users of paper are adopting similarfrom Lexington, and once from Ohio .Jueuua iu pi event wic ui una iapHe had been out of the Frankfort Re- iuly depreciating commodity. Departformatory but ten days when the ment stores and mail order houses incrime for which he was seutence'l many of the cities have found it posWednesday was committed. Jaspe.-'sible to use less paper in wrappingGroves, a negro under 21 years of age, packages without decreasing in anycharged with forgery, was committed degree the protection of the contents,to the State Reform School near Lex-.Grocers have found it possible to useIngton, for two years. James Ross, 'much less paper, or, to put it anotherj colored, of Millersburg, was given one way, to put up more goods in the paI year in the Reformatory for forging a per they did use, one element of wasteliKhtinc: Dumoses than any other methmi ...- T !. --... ... . . j.mere was no ueiioiuiiinue ul uw ol. wo Uirt. smoKv oil. no cnimneys 10 ,,,, .i,ii, i. n,i i. . ,utnu 1,00 hoon Aiiminnf v. iuPnce-Bonelli Minstrels at the Pans buy no mantels and shades to replace, money 0Lear Lee, colored, was fined wrapping -of boxes which are alreadyGrand Opera House, Wednesday night, no disagreeable -heat in the summer j?50 for having liquor in his possession iweather Ught. The school board ofowing to the fact that the company months. It's so convenient, too, for fnr nnrnnc,n nf nip in lnrn! nntmn tpr.lrw Vnrir r.tv hnR found it hard to.SA-... -h..rvk 1..-nMr. k1MMn.l . nM..M. 4 ! .r...nl V n .1 r X C 0 f i0 t rYifSUC111U Lilts uauai ptvvio ui owaiv-upaper for the 800,000 school childreniij - :,. ., ...i,. ..x i.aoi ""! ; , flL , jniany ouier nine uoununs, suun tu a. ritory George Conners, colored, o)'Manager Fred Erd, of the Grand, re tachins the electric iron, the sewing A1:,iorahllrfr wnc fino1 59nn fri., coM:,ceived a message from the manager Oi. maChiue. washine machine', electricthe company, at Cincinnati, stating fan if you ever use(i electricity youthat, owing to the railroad strike. will never be without it. Let us figurethey had been unable to fill their dates. 3 with you to-day on wiring the house,and consequently, could not make No ketter time than now.Paris. It is said that the company war,organized at Cincinnati, and had beenunable to get any further. The OhioRiver being at flood stage, also, probably kept them from crossing.PARIS GAS & ELECTRIC CO.. Inc.(23-2t)NOTICE.JIM ALLEN, HE SAYS:.Hydrophobia is a most terrible andfatal disease. It is usually communi-j .nod by saliva from a rabid dog. ThisIn the Cynthiana Democrat, Editoi 'community must be protected and canJim Allen's "Pert and Pertinent" j only be done by killing, muzzling orcolumn lias the following: I confining them. The law is clear."A colored cehtenarianness at Paris, Therefore all dogs within the city limKy., says she attributes her long life its or those following owners from theto hard workrand minding her own country must be muzzled or confined,business. Tautology. Minding one's else they will be destroyed. Theown business is hard work." Chief of Police is hereby notified that"The Women's Clubs of Paris are this order is enforced and becomestarting an agitation for better streets effective from the first publicationin Bourbon's capital. If they want to thereof.see streets 'as is streets' let them notfail to visit Cynthiana." j (23-3t)By order of Board of Health.A. H. KELLER,City Health Officer.ComingAttractionsPARIS GRAND AND ALAMOOpera House Friday Night!Style ShowWith Living Modelsand Classic DancingIn connection with an unusualfeature bill of pictures.MRS. VERNON CASTLEin the first instalment of the patriotic serial, "PATRIA," thepicture you have been waitingfor. It has created a sensationwherever shown."THE FINAL STAND," Sixteenthand Last Eqisode of "The Yellow Menace "RUPERT JULIAN in a beautifulBlue Bird Photo Play, "The Gugler ofAlgi rs,"in Five Entrancing Reels.SATURDAYAlice Joyce and HarryMorey, in"THE COURAGEOF SILENCE"Greater Vitagraph."RIPS AND RUSHES"Big V All-Star Comedy.MONDAYThe Famous JapaneseSessue HayakawaIN"The Soul of Kura San",Lasky Feature. Also twoParamount comedies.Hours Alamo, 2 to 5:30; Paris Grand?7 to 1 0:30, Admission 5 and 1 Oc.up a game of chance, namely, runninga "crap" game.The time of the Court was taken upyesterday morning with trial of thecase of Renaker & Garnett againsr.Rufus Kenney and E. T. jtfullm, involving an action for alleged breach ofcontract in the sale of a crop oftobacco. The jury returned a veidict in favor of the defendant inthe sum of $140. This was the onlycase on trial yesterday, and the Courtadjourned until this morning, whenthe cases of T. J. Flora, etc., and' J.H. Stivers, etc., against the Paris Water Company for damages, will beheard. These are cases involving property loss sustained in the destructivefire of two years ago on South Mainstreet, when the lumber yards andother property of the Stivers LumberCo., and of Mr. Flora were burned,due, is was alleged, partly, to insufflcient water pressure.I." 1-w nUirJL lilt? V-IOJ.consideringIt has been reported asa return to slates. People are urged to keep paper instead ofburning it, but as yet we have notseen a practical suggestion as to howthis paper is to be profitably collectedand returned to the channels of industry.NEW MAIL SCHEDULE.Every 'Woman Who is Interested in Seeing theNew Styles For Spring is Cordially invited to At-tThe newest, finest and most favored styles in Gowns,Wraps, Tailored Suits. Dressy Suits, Coats, Sport Clothes,Blouses, Millinery, Skirts, Sweaters, Petticoats, Silks.Dress Goods, Children's Coats and Dresses, and PersonalFurnishings and Accessories, will be impressively displayed so that you may gain a full knowledge of what areto be the correct fashions for the approaching SpringSeason in Women's and Children's Wear,An Elaborate Program of Fashion EntertainmentJ Has Been Completely Arranged for YourParticular Style Guidance.Do you fully realize the importance of this SpringOpening Event and what it means to you? Your attendance will not only proclaim you as one of the style leadera, but it will give you the opportunity to see the newestof the favored fashions in what will long be rememberedas the most remarkable Style Performance ever attempted. In no other way could you possibly gain such a complete knowledge of what will be the most fashionablethings to wear.We again invite you to attend our wonderful opening.All are welcome.Wolf, Wile e. Co.'MANHATTAN HEADQUARTERSOur store has always been headquarters for Manhattan Shirts, for reasonof the fact that we show the largestassortment Spring styles here.J. W. DAVIS & CO.Lexington, Kentucky.MEETING OF WOMENS' CLUBS.AMake Your CarLook New ForDollar or TwoThe members of the different Womens' Clubs composing the Federationof Clubs of this city, held a very interesting meeting in the rest room ofthe First National Bank building.Tuesday afternoon. Mrs. FanniebelleSutherland, the president, presidedover the sessions at which there wasa large attendance.In opening the proceedings Mrs.Sutherland stated that the meetinghad been called at the request of theParis Commercial Club, the membersof which were desirous of the co-operationof the club women of the city inproviding better streets and the propermaintenance of same.The Commercial Club was represented at the meeting by Attorney John J.Williams and Mr. John F. Davis, Mr.Williams acting as spokesman on. theoccasion. He stated that -the Com-.mercial Club had two questions ofj vital interest to the public at presentthe paving of the streets and thecompletion of the'sewer system of thecity, but that only the first would beconsidered for the present. Mr. Williams invited the earnest co-operationof the Club women of Paris in theniovement, and urged them to attendthe mass meeting to be held at thecourt house to-night (Friday) ot 7:3)o'clock.ELEGANT SPRING MILLINERY.,i:Ljt:-.While our regular Sorine Opening2 j will not be held until April 6th, weare showing every day some of thesmartest Spring Millinery in strawsthat can be had. The style is justwrhat is appropriate for this season ofthe year. The prices are right. Comein.(23-3t) MRS. CORNE W. BAIRD.IWhether you paint your car yourself for the"fun of it" or for the tires and gasolene thatthe saving will buy, our Auto Finishes willgive the finish desired at a home-made price.C. A. DaughertyFifth and Main Stretts Paris, KentuckySUGGESTION FOR BESTROAD UP-KEEP METHOD.County Judge Chas. A. McMillan andCounty Road Engineer Ben F. Bedford'are in receipt of letters from RodmanWiley, Commissioner of Public Roads.recommending that when constructingor re-constructing macadam or gravelroads this year that that material boleft along the road about every 1,000feet, such, to be used, in maintainingthe roads after they are built. Hestates "he is positive this is a cheaperand easier way of repairing roads thanto haul the desired material, later, orto be moving crushing plants fromplace to place after exhaus'ting a rockquarry. - . " ?Elaborate Floral Decorations.On March 19, the railway mail service on the F. & C. R. R. was discontinued. All mail from points on theline is now being distributed fromFrankfort and Georgetown by expresspouches.Beginning March 23, the R. P. O. service on train 10, leaving Paris foiMaysville at 7:48 a. m., will be transferred to train 18, leaving Paris a'12-: 05 p. m., and R. P. O. service ontrain 9, leaving Maysville at 1:00 p.m., and arriving at Paris at 3:00 p. m ,will be transferred to train No. 19, leaving Maysville at 3:40 p. m., and arriving at Paris at 5:40 p. m.Porsnncj wishing mail sent to Mil-lersburg. Carlisle or Flemingsburg to ( ! W !' W W W W W M !! !! ! Wfbe delivered in the forenoon must have $it in the Paris postoffice by 7:30 p. in.,otherwise it will not leach the abovenamed offices until afternoon. Mailtor all other points between Paris am!.Vaysville will only leave Paris at12:05 p. m. and i:S6 p. m.J. WALTER PAYNE, P. M.VTTTTTTTTTT"rTTm"M''M"I'-i"I"M"I'H''i.'frfrAUTO SALES.Mr. J. C. McDaniel, of North Middle-town, has just received a handsomeHupmobile touring car, purchasedfrom the MsCIure Agency, at Mt. Ster- jling.Bargainsi .,.1 4wv VULCAN SV PLOWS1 N5fcL h',3h by e VlllCan PlOW CG., Evaanme, hi.e?y"H'as- -"'' 'i:'-flfvysrtOne Player-Piano, one Piano and twoOrgans.BROWN'S MUSIC STORE,(lt-pd) Masonic Temple.For SaleOne Hupmobile auto, with roadsterand truck body. Call Home phone141, Paris, Ky. (23-tf)Removal NoticeDr. Milton J. Stern announces thremoval of his offices from the Daugherty Bros, building to Rooms 205-20G208 in First National Bank Building.(23-lt)People 40 to 45Years OldMost people when they reachthis age, who have alwas enjoyedgood eyesight, require glassesfor reading, especially in theevening. If you are havingtrouble with reading or closework, "don't worry." It simply means that your eyes areconforming to one of nature'slaws. The remedy is a ,pair ofour Glasses properly fitted, at areasonable cost.FRYE & FRANKLINDoctors, of Optometry ,Dow Bid., opp. Windsor HotelWell FinishedStrong Durable, Light Draft.Rib Strengthened mold, Full Chilled Shinpiece, InterlockedPoint, Land and Standard. Point has Face Chill, Wide EdgeChill, Long Snoot Chill, Patented Extension and is theSTRONGEST and MOST DURABLE ChUled Point made,Whn buying a Plow, consider Quality First, Price SecondFOR SALE BYI Ball GarageCor. Fourth and Pleasant St& .Agents Buick Automobiles.Goodyear TiresOur Vulcanizing Departmentis equipped with, steam vulcanizer and run by ah expert.Steam Heated GarageOPEN DAY AND NIGHTiiiitiiiimMnnnMimtmimtmtumntfi .itXtMMMl-d- "t .FRIDAY, MARCH 23, 1917.THE BOIJRBON. NEWS, PARIS, KY,PAGE FITSASOCIAL AND PERSONAL.FOR THE BESTNOTHING ELSEYOUR GARDEN SEED.We have everything in garden seeds day.and onion sets.(It)Get busy.C. P. COOK & CO.Tell the Paris boys to come around tosee me when they come to Cincinnati."Mrs. Harry Simon returned yesterday from a business trip fo CincinnatiMr. and Mrs. Catesby Woodfordhave returned from a -winter's stay irEustis, Florida.Mrs. Lytle Johnson and children,of Georgetown, are guests of Mr. andMrs. John W. Jones, near Paris.Mr. and Mrs. Taylor Chandler andlittle babe moved this week to' Covington, where they will reside in the future.tor a visit to Mrs. nin-mi Aftti,0-. x lle Pastors Aid Society of theComings and Goings of OurPeople Here, There andElsewhere.Mrs. J. T. Weathers, of Clintonville, is visiting relatives in Covington. Rev. Frank J. Cheek, of Danville.was a business visitor in Paris yester-Miss Matilda James left yesterdayFOR APPEARANCE AND ECONOMYTry on one of our Davis Twentyisuits, the suit with the ?25 look.J. W. DAVIS & CO.THOMPSON FIGHTS TAX BILL.James H. Thompson, of Bourbon day.county, addressed a representative Mr. Jesse Turney was a guest thisaudience at Mt. Sterling, Monday, on wek of ms daughter, Mrs. Robert II.vuui, mm ouuge wimi, in lui. oierling.ATr Procffin Polne ?e ill rt nnmimeasures now before the Legislature. monia 'at the home of his ent8ijie urgeu uie larmers ana taxpayersto get busy and see their Representatives and Senators and urge themto defeat the proposed measures.in Maysville. Presbyterian Church will have an all-Mr. and Mrs. Jos. W. Davis re- A y 'meetlne at the Manse, next Tuesturned yesterday from a winter's stay y A ful1 attendance of the memat Ft Mvers, Florida bers is urgently requested.Mr. hssian RnnVo nf Hm ti. Mr. O. S. Johnson, of Winchester.ille & Nashville, is confined to his J? had been Patient at the Massieroom with an attack of measles meuwnai nospiuu, ror sime ume, anuJudge E. B. January attended the )vho was recent,lv discharged as cured,meeting of he Executive Board of the 1S, again a patient at the institution.1. O. O. F.. held in Lexmeton. Werlnns. this .time beinS threatened with pneu-the tax question. His address was inopposition to the Tax Commissionmonia.Advices from Atlanta, Ga., statethat the condition of Dr. George KentVarden, formerly of Paris, who hasbeen seriously ill for some time, remains very much the same. New Yorkspecialists have been called in consults, ins ijju.1 ems, . -., . . . ,.C. P. Bales, on Second , , , u . "1& uu&e' WII11:I1 1B vu'1"1BEAUTIFUL STRAWS.The most beautiful line of straws inevery shade and pattern now on display. Just the thing to put on wearnow. Our regular opening will not be setheld until April 6. Come in to-day.(23-3t) MRS. CORNE W. BAIRD.Mr. and MrsstreetMr. J. H. O'Neill, who has been aguest of Mr. and Mrs. Charles Whaleyhas returned to his home in Cobysville.Ontario, Canada.Mrs. Harry Lyons and little sonand Miss Mayme O'Meara have returned from a visit to friends and relatives in Cincinnati.Several of the younger societyof Paris attended the "Yamahis physicians,Mrs. Clifton Arnsparger received atelegram yesterday from her son, MrLucien Arnsparger, who has been employed by the Milton ManufacturingCompany, at Milton, Pa., in the munitions department, that the factory hadclosed, and that he would return toParis to-night.Mr. and Mrs. Robert Mclntyrewere host and hostess recently to theSOME BARBER SHOP.Yama" dance given at Laudensberg's members of the Epworth Leagu.: of theHall, in Versailles, Tuesdav night. Paris Methodist church, at their homeMrs. John Thomas Perry, of Lex- on Fifteenth street. Refreshmentsington, formerly Miss Hazel Stephen were served. This was the regularson, is a guest of her parents, Mr. and monthly hterary and tocial gatheringul lug Lieuguo, anu a. vuucu piugiaiuui. . . . . . . , Mrs A T Stpnlipnsnn. npar Pnris.Canal Bros, have just conipieteu re- r. a Wll ' Pavno ,n songs and readings were rendered.iiiiu iuiu. iium jl u.t a, "y .modeling their Barber Shop. NewLinoleum on the floors, freshly .paint-Mr. and Mrs.have been spending the winterCrvstal Beach, Florida, returnedmi. -r.- -ir t- r -. l.l-afc J. lie lUUIlg lUtJIl S UU.IIi;iU& UlUUt.- will entertain with an Easter Dance atFRANK & COMPANY! THE RELIABLE STORExcylnnounce- They Are Now Showing TheSeason's Best StylesiSUITSDRESSESed and papered. Besides a thorough their home near Paris, Tuesday night. arden s Hall on the evening or iuoncleaning. Individual wash stands have Mr. C. F. Nagle, a former Parisian. llay APril 9- Tnis wiU be tlie lastbeen supplied to each of the four was" among the many Lexingtoniaus dance of the season, and the youngiv.of e vn whn nt.tpnrtert the lunerai ana Duna. 111C" "1C cvuhs u. . ..INCOATSSWEATERSNEWESTSilks, Dress Goods,Wash Goods of All . KindsTrimmings To MatchWAISTSSKIRTSchairs. The only thingnew is the barbers.lit)MASS MEETING TONIGHT.Don't forget Uie big mass meeting tonto be held at the court house in this Mr. Lee Wainscott, of Winchestercity tonight (Friday) at 7:30 o'clock, was in Paris, Tuesday, in the interestiHcoiioq tliP subiect of better of his candidacy for State Senatorof Mr. William Hukill, Sr., Wednesday e " ejuy y a ocRev. and Mrs. M. T. Chandler have given. Music for the dancers will bereturned fco their home in Richmond, furnished by the Montague Saxophoneafter a visit to Mr. and Mrs. Taylor Trio, of Lexington. The hours will beChandler, who have moved to Coving from eight-thirty to tnree.streets for Paris, and everyone interested, whether male or female, is ureentlv requested to attend. TheCommercial Club."BLUE RIBBON SEEDS."(Other Personals on Page 3.)SPRING MILLINERY.from the Dourbon-Clark-Montgomery j Have a looR at our snow wmuowdistrict. and better still, come inside if youMrs. C. M. Clay, of Paris, and sis- want to see some the most fascinat-4-n. TTVo Comnol W 5trvnf rf Tenuis . . ..... i i. ir i,oc hpn onllPd In- the Paris lT.V A,"' -Wrl? 7. "tVI:. : "V" ng spring iMiinnery ever urougiit iou,cvuu" """ " J lie, are at me woicoll iuolci, m ic p-s,.liOrK. vJlty, wiieru uie aic aycuumbtwo weeks.i Mr. W. B. Allen and Engineei."Teddy" Shrock, who have been pa- Kii-li)The celebrated "Blue Ribbon Seeds," tients at the Massie Memorial Hos-- naners for 10c. at Busy Bee Cash pital, for several weeks, are both on SIGNAL CORPS RETURNSStore. (16-4tF)"SILVER TEA" FORMISSIONARY PLEDGE.the road to recoveryi Mr. Dan W. Peed, Sr., of this city,attended the banquet tendered the tobacco buyers at Cynthiana, this week,bv the members of the HarrisonThe styles are right, also theprices will please.FELD'S DEPARTMENT STOREFROM TEXAS BORDERALL ARE REASONABLY PRICEDWe Cordially Invite Your InspectionPictorial Review Patternsti... ft. -.j ..Bronzed and hardened like veteransfrom their year's experience in train-inni nA nnmn Itto. en lin Tavcin-Afovl" ..-. m-i .. Aoe.-wy?atJnTl i44& " Vttiup uiv wu. wxa a.cv,.A "Silver Tea," the .proceeds of g. Luther Ash era ft, who recently can border, Co. A., Signal Corps K. Nwhich will be used for Uie purpose of sold his farm liear Paris, and moved to G., arrived in Lexington, yesterday atpaying a pledge which the Young Paris, has rented a brick cottage on noon, where they will remain untLadies' Class of the Methodi&t Sunda? Main street, belonging to Mayor John mustered out, or held for further serSehool has made for missionary work. T. Hinton, and will move his family vfce in case of hostilities with Gerwill be given at the residence of Mrs from the farm at Escomhda this eek. many; The company comprises sixty?HHnLk on Main street be- Capt Speed Hibler. the ac1.. fi and lhirty.two horses.H. H. Hancock, on xMam streeL, ut, . Tn?cjvillf Xr Nashville conduu .. ,. ,, . TTtween Eleventh and Twelfth, tomorrow SfW haa been ill at his home in ir. isewsum iveuer son oe iJr ,v ;(Saturday) afternoon. The members t Third street, Maysville, for two Keller, of Paris, whv is. a member o.of the class ask the co-operation of weekSf was removed Wednesday to the the Corps, arrived m Paris yesterdaythe public in assisting them to attain Havswood Hospital, in that city, on the 3:45 Interurhan car, rookingthis verv worthv object where he will receive treatment. every inch a soldier. Mr. Keller stat ,' . 1 Miss Frances Harris, daughter o. e(j that he was merely a high privateRev. and Mrs. ueorge . numb, nu in lhe rear ranks. He said the Corpswas taken ill of typhoid fever while m probably te mustered out of th'inee,l attending Margaret College, in Ver- Saturday. I?u sailles. and who was recently brought c saturua.to Uie Massie Memorial Hospital, inr: frr- trpjitmftiiL is reported ?.being considerably improved.Mrs. M. J. Lavin, Mrs. John Dean.Mr and Mrs. Ed. Burke and Mr. JohnATPnrihv attended the funeral andFRANK & COMPANYGARDEN TOOLS.We can show you any tool youfnr the crarden for less moneyanybody.(lt) FORD & CO.BOYS' PINCH BACK SUITS.Exclusive patterns in this popular burial of Mr. Con Sullivan, at Lexing. - - . ,- Trnniocn Giinrinv Mr- Sullivan was a. . - - ..,. 7cn lo;n tnrstyle lor spring pi-- -- - "":u.:7fVr wr sniifvRn. formerlyuruuici ui j.'". MW- :. ,Sunday.t ttt T-vAtrTC? r. fri nrnrnHr ul mi.j. w. uaw o- v,w. w.--- - - n vnnwn illol uenierviiie uuu; - "Paria nnfl Bourbon county.DRESS-UP WEEK , Hugh Hollandt wife Gf Mr. IMARCH31 TO APRIL Holland, civil engineer in theZT"... - omniov of tlie Louisville & Nashville,The Dress-up eeu csmpaibu. -r Qn at the Massie Memo.which swept over the county last year. jfospltal f0r gall stones. Mrs.and which has become almost a Na- Holland iias been boarding with Mrs.irtT,0i inctitntion. will be the vogue Ai;0 wnre. on Cypress street, whileagain this year, the week of March 3i her husband was engaged in his duties. fiS having been designated as Mr. Holland was at his wife's bedside"the week." Sf Duncan Taylor, a former resiThat the merchants of Pans will " nvh0 JlB w in buslnes.1soon get together and plan a cam- LQg Angeles arrived Wednesdaynniim alone- the lines suggested by the . if t friends and relatives mpromotors of "Dress-I3p-Week" is like- this city and COunty. During his stavly but it will take a lot of prodding to Mr Taylor will be the guest of Messrsget them in action. It's going on ev William and Louis Taylor This is Mr..Ul.eree.se. so why can, we Set lousy: ' . 1lQ ...oo located in business inWE HAVE SOLDAll the Goods We Care to Sell at the TremendousReductions We are Making During OurGRAY THE LEADING COLOR.Fifth Avenue rightOklahoma, and later movcuAUSt ,.0rlnr meeting of the Pro-Stvles seen on mn avbuuc nb rnoa,,.0 rTtnre Club, the last lor tinsnow, in both dresses and straw hats, bp wag hed at the club rooms Wedare in most instances gray in shade. Jiegd'ay afternoon, the president, Mrs.We have some of the most beautiful Amos Turney, presiding. An inter-j. . , .I tr vo Verv hich BMnff nmmm was presented, ins,cTwns" andTmo:; Srimless are verypopular, while the broad brimmed and Club was Z$i,fancy shapes are ve popular. We noon, tne symposlumhave them all. Come :n. u Mrs j Walter Fayne as leader.(23-3t) MRS. CORNE W. BAIRD. nthiana Democrat: "Miss Sarahnedman spent the week-end in Pans.DISTRICT MEETING. u and Mrs. j0bu Lair and sons.of Paris, spent the week-end with Mr.On account of Uie District meetfng and Mrs. ,j0hn Northcutt... ..Mr. Jfo the Knights of Pythias lodges of a rtedman and daughter were guests&! at cpthl-a yes-of .relatives. In .-. "S31. , ...nn l.nM 11V HHIJHIUU Tilt KUU V- v. no meeuns wi j Tv . e 7 t t harrardr..,- xt io Tr,vht of Pvthias, of Mrs. J. T. bparraru.Paris, a large number of the memberattending the meeting.The majority of the memoers em.i i MWm30m K U' ' M.w.ni II K Vtk Amm Zj,;iif - -jzjMiMEX i n m m mwin mmm ym m m h1 isr , Ll mwj1 tBUT '.IA PictureOpportunityCanyournever catch you offguard if you have aof Paris, wera.0ie rtf Mrs. Margaret urunui auuH. F. Griffith at Silver Lake severaldays last week."t mittinrr fnr a renewal of sub-to Cynthiana on the 12:05 train to at- scri ubn to THb NEWS, Mr. Edwardtend the afternoon session, which be Sninners formerly of Paris, says: ulean at 2:30 o'clock, while others went now proprietor of the G. II. & Di caq ti-n fnr tiie niciiL se&aiuu, restaurant uu viliuc w.iy v. --- w ww -onthein Cincinnati.and BaymillerI took possesVest Pocket Autographic Kodak.. $6.00Belt Case for same 1.50x A .tu-'t rar nT TI1R UrL- etrOMS.get-IO-auici yw - , rwmrv 1 nnrl." infrmRtniehtonthelu:n sion 01 uii-i. " , r; -TBVV.U1, cv" o - have been aoing a very nice ousmess.train. .. , tijs stand had been operated by therm. a t Tvdv Comn&uy Uniform ibis s""". w .. vM' Thp nwnprAuc - - , . same m"- m. j-m. -Rank, will hold tkeir regular meeting lagt year and the company andnn Mondav. April 2, at 7:30 o'clock. .. railroad people gave me the pref-d m , whan officers will be elected and rence of taking it, as I was the old- D--.Vest PocketAutographicKodakThis efficient little instrument can be your inseparable companion.we deem it only fair to our friends and patrons tonotify them that there remain only ELEVEN MORESELLING DAYS during which you can receive thesetremendous bargains.flcWe know ABSOLUTELY that you receive better valueshere by ten or twenty per cent than you can get elsewhere. We CANNOT AFFORD to sell goods at theprices we are making, but we are complying strictly toto our advertisements. This advertisement appears foryour benefit not ours.--4THEJ.T.HI5T0NC0.MOTOR HEARSEMOTOR INVALID COACH;UNDERTAKING"EITHERPIQNE"J 36' 4SIXTH-AIND MAIN STS.iiTlI lt(inrv-THE BOURBON NEWS,: PARIS, KY.FRIDAY, MARCH, 23, MIL-S&si Medicinefor WomenFor Forty Years Lydia E. Pinkham'sVegetable Compound has Relievedthe Sufferings of Women.AROUSED OVER PLAN TOBAN TOBACCO IN ARMYIt hardly seems possible that there is a woman in thiscountry who continues to suffer without giving Lydia E.PinkhanVs Vegetable Compound a trial after all the evidence that is continually being published, proving beyondcontradiction that this grand old medicine has relievedmore suffering among women than any other medicine inthe world..Mrs. Kieso Cured After Seven jtfontU's Illness.Aurora. Til. "For seven Ions: months I sufferedfrnm n. fomale trouble, with severe pains in my backand sides until I became so weak I could hardlywalk from chair to chair, and got so nervous lwould jump at the slightest noise. I was entirelyunlit to do my house work, I was giving up hope ofever being well, wnen my sister asKeu. me lo uyLydia E. Pinkham's Vegetable Compound. I tooksix bottles and today I am a healthy woman able todo my own house worK. 1 wisn every suuermgwoman would try Lydia E. Pinkham's Vegetablel Comnound. and find out for herself now gooaSt is." Mus. Karl A. Kieso, 596 North Ave., Aurora, Ill-Could Hardly Get Off Her Bed.Cincinnati, Ohio. "I want you to know the good Lydia E. Pinkiam's Vegetable Compound has done for me. I was m such badiealth from female troubles that I could hardly get off my bed. Iiad been doctoring for a long time and my mother said, 'I want youto try Lydia E. Pinkham's Vegetable Compound.' So I did, and it"has certainly made me a well woman. I am able to do my nouse workand am so happy as I never expected to go around the way Ido again,and I want others to know what Lydia E. Pmkham's VegetableCompound has done for me." Mrs. Josie Copneb, 1603 .Harrison Ave..IFairmount, Cincinnati, Ohio.If you want special advice write to Iiydia K. Pmkiiam Mcdiciae Co. (confidential) Lynn, Mass. Your letter will be opened,read and answered by a woman and held in strict confidence.hiMiiriii timmmuIB1 liULIIIIIIIIIlHKJm lllRHI MEfTobacco dealers throughout thcountry are sending protests to Washington against alleged intention ofCongress to prohibit the sale of to-( bacco at army posts. This belief originated in army circles and several protests against it have been sent to theofficial service organs, it being claimed that a rider in the Army Appropriation Bill which passed the House, butwas lost in the Senate filibuster on theArmed Neutrality Bill.It is the fear of the tobacco mentnat the restrictions might be carriedI in the bill when it passes at the extra'session of Congress scheduled at thisjtime to begin on April 16, but it was'claimed at the Capitol that there i-i'small cause for alarm, as the ban on'tobacco is intended only when compulJsory military training shall have beeni adopted, as under that bill as drawniby Senator Chamberlain, of Oregon,j chairman of the Senate Military Ar-roirs uommui.ee, louaecu uuu nuoxi-i; eating liquors could not be sold atarmy posts and training camps. Senator Chamberlain has no hope of get-jting action on the Military Traininghill until the regular session, so that ithe alarm which has spread in tintobacco trade is without justification,it was pointed out at Washington.The desire to bar tobacco from thecamps where the youth of the country ,I are to be trained has been severe!criticised by many men in the se--'viceas they insist that this action willload to further restrictions, and they.liOint out that France and GreatJ Britain have been purchasing tobacco,i in large quantities for their soldiers jbecause of the contentment it brings itu the men in the field. They insist'also that a time that the United States' should be endeavoring in every posisible vvay o increase enlistments, lei;'islation of this kind should not be contemplated.- m.4t &puitfhiuOJEidiiUVV LiLAnamju9twin Bros. Department Store IStvcmb and main Sts. Paris, KentuckyIMM iiTobacco CottonAll Grades at Lowest. Prices.DEAFNESS CANNOT BE CUREDXRARD SEES PROBLEM INDEALING WITH ALIENS.NEW YORK, March 22. James WGerard, former Ambassador to Ger--any,in an address before the NewYork Chamber of Commerce, Monday,tsed his hearers to go forth as misjrfoaaries of preparedness. He said helarored preparedness because ho boliered that universal military service,jsjb practiced in Germany, was the besttraining and discipline for a nation.The United States, he said, was justjsow in "an unpleasant position and"It is only when the military areiren absolute control," he continued,"that there is any Ganger from militarism, and there is no need to fearmilitarism where equal opportunity isafforded. This opportunity can befoMud only in a civilian governmentand Germany is ruled entirely by asdlitary government."Mr. Gerard predicted that if war.acould come the United States would'our alien enemy popula j!By local applications, as they cannot'reach the diseased portion of the ear' There is only one way to cure deaf'ress, and that is by constitutional' remedies. Deafness is caused by an'inflamed condition of the mucous lin-'.ing ol .tne njusiacinan ruue. wnci:tb is tube is inflamed you have ai rumbling sound or imperfect hearing,and when it is entirely closed, deaf-Jness is the result, and unless the in-1 fiammation can be taken out and thu 'I tube restored to its normal condition.hearing will be destroyed forever;nine cases out of ten are caused bying withtion.",rPlin nunntlr. :' 1. ! v. , , .1 l. ..1I1. J- !.!., 1... .. .-. S ...i nvi iiuuouua is, im aaiu, simu wc uaiarruii, wiucu i& uumiug uut an m- (inteni them, as was done in Germany flamed condition of ihe mucous suror shall we allow them to roam at faces.largo, destroying bridges or anything I We will give One Hundred Dollarseise they can?"HOW TO PREVENT CROUP.When the child is subject to attacks of croup, see to it that he eats.i light evening meal, as an overloaded stomach may bring on an attackA.lso watch for the first sympomshoarseness, and give Chamberlain'sCough Remedy as soon as the chilibecomes hoarse. Obtainable everywhere.(adv-mar)for any case of Deafness (caused bycaiarrnj uiat cuumol ub uuicu uj (Hall's Catarrh Cure. Send for circulars, free.F. J. CHENEY & CO.,Toledo, Ohio.Sold by Druggists, 75c.Take Hall's Family Pills for constipation. (adv-mar)CHARLEY CHAPLIN'S SALARYNEARLY $1,000,000 A YEAR;it.vui m w itovm- t. iA iB mI. A WI"iflHBT, TAr 'T-i i r oivI HMflL -a &T III 'VJk.I ffl physicians and millions iA1 j of housewives .'ill swear ki( to that. You've never tasted &i ' such wholesome, tempting, vjij appetizing bakings yo:i'vc jj never enjoyed such uniformly fe)A nerfect results. Calumet 13r.U- $ iA lI,g Powder never faib and ii jEJ " costs less to use than other kinds. JB Jk Received Higliest Awards Jf jSiva Ccak lloti Frit Sit Slif JW jic rtuuJ Catt. wir Ilit . rrvr m j m m iiwN)c-('jivjiiv a' 1 M lii"a.lil Bv vi9V ffl 16ImSo I! . X , I 11 Hi HTwin Bros, Dep't StoreHERE IS A GOOD PLACE TO STOP FOR LITTLE MONEY.LOUISVILLE HOTEL, Louisville, Ky Main St., bet 6th & 7tb.The Only Hotel in Louisville Operated on the American and European PlansAMERICAN PLAN Rooms without 3ath but with Hot and. Cold Runningwater (With Meals).75 Rooms single, ?2.00 per day; 2 people, $2.00 eachf0 Rooms Single, 2.50 per day; 2 people, 2.25 each50 Front Rooms Single, 3.00 per day; 2 people, 2.50 eachRooms with Private Bath:50 Rooms single, 3.00 per day; 2 people, 2.75 eack50 Rooms single, 3.50 per day; 2 people, 3.00 eachEUROPEAN PLAN Rooms without Bath but With Hot and Cold RunningWater (Without Meals)75 Rooms Single, 1.00 per day; 2 people, $0.75 each50 Rooms single, 1.25 per day; 2 people, 1.00 each50 Front Rooms single, 1.50 per day; 2 people, 1.25 eactiRooms with Private Bath:50 Rooms single, 1.50 per day; 2 people, 1.25 ach50 Rooms single, 2.00 per day; 2 people, 1L50 eachTHE OLD INN, Louisville, Ky., Cor. 5th and Main Sts., European PSce tely.Rooms Without Bath, $1 and up; Rooms With Private B&, 1.f? iiu ,BEST EATING PLACE FN TOWN.I i. iiks iAiuiaviuu uuwi uuu luc viu tuu aic luwicu in luo ii ii i i ihi'iJM. .. i . A.and only a three-block s walk to the retail district and theatres.&f S3 xL:-jm.?y'JB9i.')i'i mTLo Cliai- ii DoiiLtful c:i iLo Boautlf J MississippiGULFDURING MARCH AND APRILthe .oalnrij ah and sunshine in iLis encnaniinland of flowQis. ?lavt golfer tannis, motor, ilsk, sail orLow round trip fares, and convenient frain serviLijourowce.Cheap and big canBakingPowders do notsave you money Calumetdoes it'sPureand far superior to sour milk and soda.lickets to Nev.- Orleans ana Gul Cocst points via LouisvilleCf Naskville K. R., ponnit side Ulp to Funsacola al slignt cost.For illmrriilr-d lii-ruture, sckedules, etc., applxj io localrejjrcsoiitaiivos ol &o Louisville Of Naskville R. R. or addressl. U. L ucctj, Ooncrcl Tasjoiier Agent, Louisville, KiiGreen food is required to keep theappetitinessthe3 faced with a great problem in deal- of proper color and texture(New Ycrk Tribune.)Charlie Chaplin's $730,000 salary 'not mere Action. The Wheeler Leg.'THEMOST EXPENSIVERAILROAD IN THE WORLDstite keyed up to the proper kcen-'lative Investigating Committee, which ) moRt;. to supply certain elements in (submitted its report recently, finds it n rl( WJ fegg and make the yoke and white! fact nd Uiinks it may reach $1,00J, !Mllfr'.np ,cmZLm , Cl -1- 21- Jhrm presidents to California to secure aniue, ,. uuuB. -uuinCV lJll5CiiliOi hs services at almost any amount fc s built to,r thef sole f'V dMR-F.l PrSi 2L,1?llTnnn wlln,lpr flpninrad that the insuring an adequate supply ofexpesive railroad in thare told in the American' . M.wfoInr. ? !. r!oflall ft. Pimrli'iii-nnn. The committee reported tint!.. .. '.. .i , ., ., . . .Ur ,,,.i Kauroau tuat carries ore to tne giwhile it was in session the liimo.-j L. . . . , , , ,.' . ? V.i , ii vni .:i. i,iu gantic copper mine of D. C. JackhngUiat Charlie was dissatisfied with his I"..- o,,. ShH,i n v,,.n f mnvi,. Biiigliam, Utah. It cost $300,000picocni. suii; ow"ll'u "" "V- " ""i ,., ..,! ; n tIinola nnrl trocMncIX illlll UUU IO I.U..I.V..O U.U bl VJV.V.o'oie1572t52t15-115-246147S5141S22Z52SS129-39411Sll.273217,5915092C21S442314152727176528i51211459144141135Installed By The Paris HomeTelephone St Telegraph Co.PARIS EXCHANGE.Ball, Joe, residence, Virginia AvenueBiddle, M. O., residence, Twentieth SL and, Clifton AvenueBroaderick, Geo. F., residence, ThorntonDivistonFlorence, Walter, Fithian AvenueFrank, Julian, residence, Winchester PikeFrye, O. L. Jeweler and Optician, Second and Main StreetsFrye, O. L., residence, Bourbon CollegeGaines, Joe, residence, Clifton AvenueGault, John B., residence, Fourteenth and Main StreetsGrimes, Miss Elizabeth, residence, Duncan AvenueHart, Winston, Merchants' Delivery, Second StreetHertig, J. R., residence, Thornton DivisionHuffman, Clyde H.f residence Fifteenth StreetInsko, George, residence, High StreetJett, Porter, residence, East Paris ,King, I. G., residence, Virginia AvenueKing, Rankin, residence. Whites' AdditionMargolen, H., Meat Market, 013 Main StreetMerringer, W. M.r residence, Main StreetMitchell, Mrs., Boarding Houce, Tenth and Main StreetsOberdorfer, If., residence, Ninth and Pleasant StreetsOrr, Dr. J. A.,-residence, Cypress StreetParis Independent Tobacco Warehouse, S. Main StreetPrice & Company, Main Street.Perkins, A. B., residence, Lilleston AvenueSanders, Miss Mary, residence 1333 Main StreetSale, R. J., residence, Houston AvenueSpratt, Jack, residence, White's AdditionTankersley, Fount, residence, Lilleston AvenueThacker, E. WM residence, Parrish Avenue -v -'Tuck, G. O., Tobacco Warehouse, Clintonville pikeTurner, Robert, residence, Henderson StreetWoodford, James B., residence, Clintonville PikeYoung, Tollie, residenca, North Middletown PikeMILLERSBDRG EXCHANGEFryman, Bert, residence, Tr'gg StreetJohnson, Oscar, residence. Main StreetIeggett, Luther, residence, Main StreetMiller Barber Shop, Main StreetStone," Thomas, residence. Pleasant StreetChairman Wheeler declared that the.committee v.as informed that one firmjdid succeed, with a bid of $1,000,000 .1ear.for the mill.YOU NEED A SPRING LAXATIVE.J Dr. King's New Life Pills will re'move the accumulated wastes of winjter from your intestines, the burdeniof the blood. Get that sluggish springheeling out of your system, brightenjyour eye, clear your complexion. Gt'that vim and snap of good purifiedhealthy blood. Dr. King's New LiteFills are a non-griping laxative tharaids nature's process. Try them tonight. At all druggists, 25c.(adv-mar)WILD DEER IN KENTUCKY.Correct EnglishHOW TO USE IT.A MONTHLY MAGAZINE,Josephine Turck Baker, Editor.H s-For Progressive Men and WomenBusiness and Professional; Club Women, Teachers, Students, Ministers,Doctors, Lawyers, Stenographers, andlor all who wisli to Speak and WriteCorrect English Special FeatureMonth; Your Every-Day Vocabulary,How to Enlarge it. Sample Copy 10c.Subscription Price ?2 a Year.EVANSTON, ILLINOIS.Wild dear will run free in Kentucky mountains this year for the first jlime within the memory of most of thepresent generation. The State Gainoand Fish Commission has decided toset free in that vicinity some of thedeer mov. confined on the Pine Mountain reservation, and send some ofthe e ii om the pens at Louisville to, t :e wooded country between the Tenn-essee and Cumberland rivers.:BAD COLDSFROMSUDDEN CHANGES.4SMLITTLE ROCK EXCHANGEChanslor, Boone, residence, Little Rock, Ky.Gore, Cheater, residence, Jackrtown PikeHanks, G. J., residence, Little Rock, Ky..Spring brings all kinds of weaftierland with it come colds and the revival of winter coughs and 'hoarsness. Dr. Bell's Pine-Tar-Honey willhead off a new cold or stop the oldcne, the sootinng uaisams relieve mesore throat anu neai tne irritaieu uvsues. Get a bottle, to-day and startJreatment at once. At your druggist25c. Formula on the bottle.(adv-mar)KENTUCKY TRACTION& TERMINAL COMPAN'Interurban Schedule.CARS LEAVEa-jfffmpietjgCLINTONVILLE EXCHANGE.Crawfordr Thomas, residence. Ausfcerlltz jPifcefWeathefsv, Sain L., residence. Clintonville Pike. ; SriAWHANEXCHANGE.ILoYardajwHtasKy..-a tecnt thl out ana ptste In your IHrectory.,Am ' A . -r rirr tfkrLtiil(f:iLL?rj?ipLOCAL OPTION ELECTION TOBE HELD AT WINCHESTERThe Winchester Sun publishes a newsitem to the eftect that an authenticrumor is being circulated that a loca!oplon election will lae called there thisfall- by the anti-liquor interests. TheSun, which' In the "1914 election, assumed-a neutral attitude, pledres' 'itself to'tlie local option interests.ParisforLexington6:45 a. m.7:30 a. m.8:15 a. m.9:00 a. .m9;45 a. m.11:15 a. m.12:45 p. m.2:15 p. m.3:45 p. rii.4:30 p. m.5:15 p. ci.6:05 p. m.6:50 p. m.8:15 p. m.t0:05 n. m.LexingtonforParis6:00 a. ra.7:20 a. mk 8:00 a. m8:50 a. m10:20 a. mll:fi0 a. in1:20 p. ra2: 5H p. m:::3) p. m-1:20 p. m5:ii0 p. m6:00 p. m7:20 p. m0:10 p. m1-1: on p. inPILLS: They renew the normal vigor andmake life worth living. Be sure and atk UtMutt Nerrerine PUU gfeYILUAMS MFC. CO . top. CUfU mi, OfckOIERDORFER, The Druggist.L. & N. TIME TABLE(Effective Sunday, May 28, 191G, 12.01)TRAINS FROM ARRIVAL'No.134 Lexington, daily except Sunday .. .... 5: 18 m34 Atlanta, dally 4 . .4..'.5:25 am25 Cynthiana, daily except Sunday 4.4 7:35 am10 ltowland, dally except Sunday 44k 7:36 am11 Maysville daily except Sunday 7:38 am40 Lexington daily except Sunday. . . ...7:40 am17 Maysville, daily except Sunday 9:50 amo7 Cincinnati, O., daily 9:52 am12 Lexington, daily 10:12 am32 Chicago, daily 10:17 am26 Lexington, 13aily Except Sunday 12:00 m29 Cynthiana, Daily Except Sunday 2:55 pm9 IMaysville, Daily Except Sunday 3:00 pm138 Lexington, Daily , 3:12 pm38 Knoxville, Tenn., Daily 3:15 pm19 Maysville, Daily 5:40 pm;!) Cincinnati, Daily Except Sunday 5:50 pm14 Lexington, Daily Except Sunday 6:18 pm32 Jacksonville. Fla., Daily 6:33 pm31 fin, m :tii. O., Daily 10:38 pm130 Lexington Daily 10:23 p mTRAINS FOR LEAV3No.16 Maysville, Daily except Sunday 5:30 am34 Cincinnati, waily 5:30 am40 Cincinnati, daily except Sunday i 7:45 am11 Lexington, daily except Sunday t 7:47 am10 Maysville, daily except Sunday 7 :48 am25 Lexington, daily except Sunday 9:55 am37 Knoxville, daily 9:W am133 Lexington, daily 10:20 am33 Jacksonville,' daily 10:22 am15 Maysville, daily ' 12:04 pat26 Cynthiana, daily except Sunday -.12:05 pm13 Lexington, daily except Sunday 3:17 pai35 Cincinnati, daily .... . 3:20 pa39 Lexington, daily except Sunday 5:57 pa9 Rowland, Daily except Sunday. c:oo pm14 Maysville, daily except Sunday 6:33 pm32 Chicago, daily 6:38 pm30 Cynthiana, daily except Sunday g:4S pai139 Lexington, Sunday only 9:38 pmIIS Maysville. Sunday only j:30 pm119 ltowland. Sunday only , 9:40 pm129 Lexington, Daily (j:35 p ax'.Jxn'O. TRAINS ARTHIvh "ROM2 Frankfort, Ky., Dally Ex. Sunday ,.. 7::'. . m.Frankfort, ICy., Daily Ex. Sunday, R:5h p. m.TRAIN Df PART FOR . .pnirfn-t.' Vy..- nv F.t. Sunday j. . . . .-. ,-fi .i..-.'oSi rranKiort,.K.y., wany ex. nunua .....5-.;v.v..r- ..-.sj ? uim.FRIDAY, MARCH 23, 1917.THE BOURBON NEWS, PARK, R.f AGE SBVpfRflBUim fe. mcWOAIISY CO. 0J NEW YORXCiUFCALQ,N.V.CANDIDATES WARNED OFNEW "CORRUPT PRACTICE ACT."ious, With Breath Bad orStomach Sour.C CENT "CASCARETS"BEST LAXATIVE FORLIVER AND BOWELS.It is highly important for candidatesrmn't Stay Constipated, Headachy, Bil- for office in Kentucky to familiarizethemselves with the provisions of the"Corrupt Practice Act," passed hy theLegislature of 1016.On odds how bad your liver, stom-' It is compulsory that each candi-joeh or bowels; how much your head date file with the County Clerk orAches, how miserable and uncomfort- proper official an itemized satementnble you are from a cold, constipation of expenses incurred during his camor indigestion, biliousness and slug- paign, such as printing, stationery,sish bowels you always get relief stamps, stenographers, rent for publicwith Cascarets. t halls for speaking, and all other ex-Don't let your stomach, liver and jpenses incurred pertaining to his elecbowels make you miserable. Take tion. Such papers must be filed fif-Cascarets to-night; put an end to ths teen days before the primary, and alsoheadache, biliousness, dizziness, nerv- fifteen days before the regular elec-ousness, sick, sour, gassy stomach, tion.bad cold, offensive breath and all The penalty for failing to complother distress; cleanse your inside with Miis law, is a fine in any sum notorgans of all the bile, gases and con to exceed $5,000, or to be confined instipated matter which is producing the county jail not to exceed sixthe misery. months, or both.A 10-cent box means health, happi- The BOURBON NEWS has been apneas and a clear head for months, pointed as agent in Bourbon countyAll druggists sell Cascarets. Don't to handle and sell the Thomas Kenforget the children their little in tucky Election Forms, which arcsides need a gentle cleansing, too. used for this purpose. With these(adv) forms it is no trouble to keep an ac-curate account of expenditures, etc.Columbia has recently added Japa- These forms ave reserved and protect-nese to the list of languages already ed hy ,aw by the Cadiz Record otaught there.Cadiz, Ky.All candidates are required to make.these statements, and the easiest andbest way is to purchase one of these, forms now. The price is ?l.o0. ComeBourbon BtlificSing Sc in and see one, and give us your order.THE EW BAR- .REL SILHOUETTEFashion Offers Straight Linesas Well as Barrel EffectsThis Spring.SILKS STRONGLYIN EVIDENCE.NEW YORK, March 19, 1917.There will be two fashionable silhouettes this spring. The slim silhouette, with its straight, clinging line?will continue to be first in favor, as ihas been all through the winter, butthe new barrel skirt will give womena chance to indulge in the bouffanteffect, which will, doubtless, be welcomed by those who have complainedof being tired of the eternal straightine.True to its name, the new silhouelte is in the outline of a barrel, bulging at the hips and drawn in at thewaist and ankles. There are manyways of accomplishing this puffinessover the hips. One is by clever drap-nig of the material at the waistlinesomewhat after the fashion of the"peg-top" skirts that were used someyears ago. This type of the barrelskirt is shown in the sketch, whichvy; ncoats to be worn with' white sergeffllHrfe IThe Importance of Ribbons.Ribbons are coming in for a greatdeal of prominence this season. Theyare not used only for small accessoriessuch as girdles and collars, but havebecome much more important andhave been employed for parsols andhats. Very wide striped ribbonscombining three or more harmonizingcolors have been used very effectivelynoProfessional Cards.Loan AssociationFIRST NAT'L BANK BUILDINGIN REAR OF BANKEntrance on Fourth StreetDR. WM. KENNEYEye, Ear, Nose and Throat.ROOMS 403-404.FIRST NAT'L BANK BUILDING.PHONE 136.We have samples to show, but willhave to send in orders to Cadaz forstock. We are going to send in anorder next week. Let yours comewith tiie restTHE BOURBON NEWS,(tf) Paris, Ky.WM. GRANNANAttorneyatLawROOMS 401-402.FIRST NAT'L BANK BUILDINGWHEN TO TAKECHAMBERLAIN'S TABLETSWhen you feel dull and stupid aftereating.When constipated or bilious.When you have a sick headache.When you have a sour stomach.When you belch after eating.When vou have indigestion.When nervous or despondent0 4VoI o.Morn.:.Dress of Pongee Showing the NewBarrel Shape..pMcCALiA Smart Spring Coat in Brarel Effectto make parasols and to cover the entire crown and top of the brim o'light-weight straw hats for sportswear. Matching parasols, hats andhandbags made of ribbon or the prettfigured silks, are seen over and overagain.Narrow grosgrain ribbon is employed in rows, one overlapping theother, to cover the crowns and brimsof some hats. Sometimes two colorsare used alternately. The brim of awhite panama hat was covered in thisway with old gold and dark green ribbon, only the crown remaining in viewto tell that the hat was a (panama.An idea for remodeling your last year'spanama, you will, no doubt, think!Another panama was faced with blackvelvet under the brim and the crowndraped with black and white silk witha tassel placed at one side.GIRLS! HAVE A MASSOF BEAUTIFUL HAIRSOFT, GLOSSY, WAVY.25-Cent Bottle Destroys Dandruff andDoubles Beauty of Your Hair.Within ten minutes after ah application of Danderine you can not finda single trace of dandruff or fallinghair and your scalp will not itch,but what will please you most will beafter a few weeks' use, when you seeIT IS TRUE1uat the unusual sale of a remedy isthe best evidence of its merit.IKssiiTRADE MPKRHEUMATISM POWDERSare guaranteed to give relief fromrheumatism. They are unusually largerollers. Sold only by us, 50c and $1.00.OBERDOFER, The Druggist,Paris Kentucky.ilustrates a dress of figured nnntrftfiwith sleeves and belt of plain pongee Iim "" lllie auu uu"" "IauI in natural color. The skirt norrows but ."' new -hair-grong al!When you have no relish for your down to two yards at the hem; for the J...7 J:' . . 7.narrow skirt, especially in this form.', AK1 ""T T""cll"c lirc.uwl. , . .f. ,, . , , . doubles the beauty of your hair. Nois to come in with the spring, fashion ,.. . . .. , ' , . .... ,.. ... ,.. ... ' . difference how dull, faded, brittle andauthorities say. This silhouette has . . . . . .. .... , , .. , .. . scraggy, just moisten a cloth withalso been named the "bowling-pm;" Danine and carefllilv draw :tand looking at the whole silhouette .. , . . . . . . ,, . . f . , . , . through your hair, taking one smallfrom shoulder to ankles, and not mere- . :., . .,' -,," uffon, ., .. . . , i xi strand at a time. The effect islv from the waist downward, the . . .LONDON. March. 22.-Casualty lists !name ,8 indeed most appropriate. amazing-your nair wm oe ngiu,A good many snnng coats have ' . allllT1J,Qtina. Q11 lnAlwnarnmealsWhen your liver is torpid.Obtainable everywhere.(adv-mar)BRITISH OFFICERS KILLED.H U--B f' nnnrj)BPBfelmihlished bv tlie War Office show.r " . ,.,! t-i .n1 tlio TlrtlcVi ' &"vu- ""J """ -w".w .,. nf imT,flnnno.tnat aunng reunmij . takpn on the lines of the new sil- ""w "- """""-"- -army lost 417 officers killed. 833 taken on me lines or tie new si w lugt softness and luxuriance.L Jt La 37 mimilne-a total of nouette, showing that this effect is . n non, .. ... ftf TCnnwltftn..,1.285. This brings the aggregate ,not restricted to dresses only A. very Danderine from any drug store or toilosses in officers, since the commence .smart model is fashioned with a deep cQun and ove that haJrment of the war, to 56 36o, of Jidi band at the lower part the fulness of pretty and soft as any-that it16,Y nen9?ee" m,dPd and 3 465 ! T T , B,;,UT a i tS w nas been neglected or injured bywounds, 36,021 wounded and oWhen it reaches the band. Machine . . f ,. n ,. ct, J ii i e ' v. t.i n't. Ait icaa u cuimcuu Liiai o on jju. aUllSSIUB. SUIC111I1K lUnilbUBb UltS UU19U Ul Ull - , .... . . n. ,, lnic nf. ;f. A- wvl vT - Ut w ! nntntiiwt, wiuu. xa iu i"c rVif you will just tr- a little DanderineSKeiCll. lilt: uiiiieuiii ib auit, axjiiu-weight velours, one of the favoredspring fabrics.Satins and a Variety of Silks forSpring.care-surely(adv)As a substitute for horsehair in upbolstering, the waste from cleaning Bahama sisal fiber is being used.iSPRING COLDS ARE DANGEROUS.Protect Yourself2gcUllal 41111 voaYou may be enjoying the best ofealth today. There may come a.lege of illness. ABE TOTJ PEEPAEED POP. IT?Doctor's bills and enforced idleness are expensive. When you have absnk account you are prepared to combat illness.Can you conceive of anything more tragic than a long period of illnesswithout any funds?Therefore, if You Haven't a BankAccount, Start One Today 'Farmers' & Traders' BankPerhaps the most generally favored; of all fabrics this spring will be changeTFtemperature andsatin. It is to be used for one.piecc J imtlenvear brinsg spring witu'dresses, for suits, and for separate ctUfred up head, sore throat and gen-coats. This material will also be ic ' erai coid symptoms. A dose of Drdemand for evening gowns and after-1 King's New Discovery is sure relief.noon dresses, and for these its popu-This happy combination of antisepticlarity will be shared by charmeuse, balsams clears the head, soothes thewhich is very closely related to satin, .irritated membranes and what mightThe suits and dresses of satin will be "ave ueeu a lingering cum uiumP. P.' KISER, PresidentJNO. J. M.CLINTOCK, CashierWM. GRIMES. BMkkMftr.Sixth and'Main- Streets : ParisKyJ jndecorated with braiding and embroidery, and much of the embroidery willcarry out the Oriental colorings whichare distinctly in vogue this season.There is a decided predominance ofsilks for spring. Among the silks forsuits, poplin, rajah and tussur arestrongly in evidence, and many novelideas are noticed in the developmentsof these materials. On a suit of goldcolored silk jersey, black velvet wasused for the collar and for a band atthe lower edge of the coat Some suitsof rajah silk are trimmed with stenciling in attractive color combinations.The stitching is done on the fronts ofthe ooats or only on the belts, justenough to furnish some contrast. Thisis one of the very newest trammingideas.In spite of the great vogue for colors in all the brightest hues and in allmanner of combinations, a great dealof black and white is used. When cleverly handled, this combination is always attractive, and it is again veryfashionable in Paris and New York.Solid black and white checked materials with rather large checks are considered smart for ooats, both for thelong searatecwrsanclfof shorter1 "Tud. Don't stop treatment when relitis first felt as a half cured cold iudangerous. Take Dr. King's New-Discovery till your cold is gone.(adv-mar)fervice FirstThe City has added a new Fire Truckto its equipment to provide adequate andefficient protection to you.The County has built modern roads foryour convenience, safety and comfort andto provide an efficient means of travel andtransportation.The Home TelephoneCompany has added a new Truck toits equipment, which, with its other two,will provide an efficient means of caring: forthe plant which furnishes modern telephone service.Have you a HOME PH6NE? Join themodern procession. Call contract department now.Paris Home Telephone 8 Telegraph Go.(Incorporated)J. J. VBATCH, District Manager.W. H. CANNON, THOMAS K. MiTH.Equipment Manager. Cashier.If you men want to make an investment that will make you -from 25 to1 OO per cent profitCome In and Buy AnOvercoat For Next YearWe only have about 50 Overcoats,and the prices have been cut unmercifully. Sizes 34 to 44. Styles willbe good for next season. Saturdaywill be a good day to give them the"once over.Spring Suits, Shirts, Hats, etc, arriving daily. We give Blue TradingStamps.TWIN BROSClothing and Shoe Dept.L. Wollstein, 1?rpBourbon LaundryDWIS & FUNK, Props.Telephone No. 4.West 5 Streetr A nM JR., v-IPI :.Salfctaction is OnrIHchwordWith all the latest im! provements in iaundrvS- appliances and experthelpers we are preparedto do work inferior tonone, and solicit yourigj patronage.Bourbon Laundry,Paris Kentucky.fTWTTTTWVT'l f ItVVVVV'."4"M-'I"W"I"1"I"I"I'II ! itSUFFERING AND SURGERYcan he avoided hy usingmigbf j, nIHeS?TRAPF M6RKPILE REMEDY.Relieve yourself of this ailment athome. Easy to use and thoroughlydependable. Sold only by us 50c and$1.00.OBERDORFER, The Druggist,Paris, Ky.Sole AgencySTACY - ADAMS, SHOES.$7-o and $7-50B v VWk.H VH-11VXf yi-irrrrm iDDSUFTOLEA7HELUunnj bor Self-UponerWith Handla lOo. E-ZDreobtng for Ladies Site;t, xtto-xona. uiacx ana:uroecr. uaraoiQ.DJfi JJottln lO.finj9vsmhfZ .tf.JipySgL MflHMIWrT-Take Advantage of These Prices Iand Save Money.HARRY LINVILLE IfttHtHttMIMItHHIlljlillMHMIIIIIItMHItItt5:.i.fAGE EIGHTTHE BOURBON NEWS, PARIS, KY.KRIDAY,' MARCH, 21, l$llf3-iivimi'AI1r-KENTUCKY RCAL COURTi CONVENTNON MARCH 28Jfo event, other than & national war.fc of greater moment to the people offtQtral Kentucky right now than theJtrelopment of good roads in the Bluerus region, -with the consequentyUurement of the loose dollars of theJotuist traffic that will beooee here this summer.turnedRoad Commissioner Rodney Wiley jPearce Paton for a marriage license,Jias called into existence the Kentucky Mr. Paton hesitated for some timeKcal Court Association, and has desand finally, on account of the youthfulinated the time and place of the con- appearance of the couple, requiredideation to be at Lexington, on Wed- them to make affidavit that they were ter, Mrs. Mary Shirley, of Kansas. Dr AU Masonic commanderles of suraaeday, March 28. He has extended a 'of legal age. The license was then Thompson was a memoer of the Chris rounding towns have been invited topersonal ana very cordial invitationot only to the county judges and mag-istrates, but all the landowners' alongthe public highways. Mr. Wiley saysthis will be the most important highway meeting of the present year. HeJwill himself undertake to give to Ken-fcueky its first accurate statistics as 0f aiiss Ida Shanker, formerly ofl posed of Theodore L. Jones, Jess Rosto exact present conditions of road-1 pariSf to Mr. A. W. Cohen, of Middle HUKILL. zell an(1 Chester, D. Adams, ffhe ser-rways in Kentucky, and what we may town, Ohio, formerly of Cincinnati." The funeral of Mr. Wm. Hukill. Ivice will be held at the Calvary Bapxpect by the coming of summer. Mr. J The wedding will take .place soon. Sr., aged eighty-six, who died suddenly 'tist Church, in Lexington, at 3 o'clockPeter Lee Atherton will deliver an iviiss Shanker is a daughter of Mr. Monday afternoon at his home on in the afternoon,address on the dollars and cents value and jrs h. Shanker, former residents Broadway, in this city, was held at the Iof good ronds, and Mr. Denny B. Goode, of parjSf now residing at Erlanger, family residence Wednesday after-' Dr. J. W. Porter, pastor of the First.secretary -manager of the Lexington jwhere Mr. Shanker has a profitable noon at 2:30 o'clock with services con- BaPtist Church, will preach, the subBoard of Commerce, will speak on . business. She is a sister of Messrs ducted by Rev. w. n Snriier nf rh, Ject of his sermon being "The Pil' A ? mi -f Vin. TriVtlJ "Uicrlnvove " !'Adornment of the Public Highways.'Bourbon county, having one of the-best and most complete systems oiiootmty roads in the State, will not bodirectly influenced or interested in theproposed meeting, but it is likely thatthere will be a large attendance from"the county at the sessions. Some ofthe facetiously-incline I ones have suggeeted that F. yette ojunty might hurry the impro orient of the LexingtonMid Paris pike, near the Country Club, jwhich has been torn up for some time,so that it could be used a a good ar-moment tor tne good roaas moement.It has ween suggested that -Mr. wneyiDurgbe taken out there for a personal in-1 Th'e bride is a aaugilter cf Mrsspection of the uncompleted piece Vinnie Parrish. of flintonvillo. amirod.j QUESTIONS ANTI-PASS LAW.A suit to test the constitutionality"of the clause in the anti-pass act1316 granting railroads permission togive reduced rates to students of theUniversities of Kentucky, State Normal Schools, public schools and parochial schools, has been filed in the!Payette Circuit Court at Lexington by? j. Tarlton, of Fayette county. Hec. . s a restraining order that the Kentu.ky Traction & Terminal Company-no nift in ;p11 rlionner fares..., -hn eie th. toto students of those schools thannose attending Hamilton CollegeDeliciousJuicy Meats!VEALPORKCHOPSSTEAKSThe Best Roast Beefand Breakfast Bacon inthe World.WILMOTHGrocery Go.Phone 376MftRGOLEN'SSPECIALSIFor This WeekWe Are KillingE RAISE1Fed and Raised inBourbon County.BEEF, PORK,VEAL AND. LAMB"TCALL UPMflRGOLEN'SFirst Class Meat Market.iMSTOCK-1,MATRIMONIAL.SHI VELEY GRIGGS. -MissEmma Shiveley and Mr. Herman liriggs, Doui resiaenis ci &coucounty, came 10 i-ans, weanebuay ar.v,Uw.M -- -rx.grameu lUeiu, aim Luej eie wamcusnoruy aiter oy ouulj juuc v,. a..McMillan.SHANKER COHEN.Friends of the bride-elect in Parishave received news of the engagementr i t -i ibam, ijouis ana ooi onaiiKer, wuo arau pleasantly remembered here.riutitisu uwttitit.1.T 'A surprise wedding which occur Hedges, B. A. Frank and Ellis Hukillred in Miliersburg yesterday after Honorary John T. Hinton. L.. J. Fretnoon was that of Miss Maude Parrish, well, J. H. Roseberry and John T.of Clintonville, to Mr. J. B. Gherry, or Hedges.Fieming county, whicsi was solemninz In the passing away of Mr. Hukilled in -the Christian church Wednes- Paris loses a representative citizen,dav afternoon. The cerenionv was Der one whom everyone liked, whose ouietforme(i j,y r6V r. h. Ellett, principalof Uie Miiiersburg Graded School. Af-ter the ceremollyf ;ur. aud Mrs. Gherrvleft for thcir new home near Fleming3has for several years been in chargeof the Clintonville exchange of theBourbon Home Telephone CompanyShe is a young woman of many graces0"-'ot character, and has been prominentin tne social me oi tna community inwhich she resided. Mr. Gherry is aprosperous and popular young farmerwho is to be congratulated upon winning so charming and accomplished :-bride. 'AVhen Mrs. Gherry was stii) MisMaude Parrish she vas regarded asone of the most valuanle members oftlie Home Ca's force- 1,emg a uni versal favorite, obliging aud aceommodat,ing and possessed of Uiat most valua-ble asset, uniform courtesy. TI1E,xrws extends onnratulations to Mr.. .and Mrs. Gherry.ALMA GLUCK AT LEXINGTON.A large number of music-lovers from1 Paris will go to Lexington next Tuesday night, March 27, to hear Alma1 Gluck, the noted vocalist, in song re-tcital at the Woodland Park Audito-rium. The coming of thischarmingyoung artistic singer has been widelyheralded throughout the Blue Grass re-gion, and her appearance will no doubtbe greeted by one of the largest andmost representative audiences ever assembled under the Auditorium roof.The sale of seats is now on at Wurlitzer's, 351 West Main street, in Lex-ington. The prices are: First floor,$2.00 and $1.50; Balcony, first row.$1.50; remainder, $1.00 and 50 cents.(adv)ORANGE A BOOZE CURE.(Kansas City Star.)"The war," says M. Capus. editor ofthe Paris Figaro, "is bringing a at c.periments and experience." Only ,1iew uays ago 111. raiiueve, -unifier olthe Interior, in an address to the AntiAlcohol League at the Sorbonne, asserted that with the advent in thearmy three weeks ago of the first consignment ofo ranges the fever of alcoholism sems to have abated amongthe soldiers."Orange juice when administered toJ""v'v wa soldier craving for liquor." M. Pain -leve says, "at once stops that eagerpetite. It does more. Inveterate smokers have thrown aside their cigarettes Iand felt complete satisfaction after the 1administration of concentrated orangejuice."As' the oranges are distributed with-out stint, the Minister avers ther3have been committed to the hospitalfor treatment of alcoholism and overCTTio'lfinr' OTilv 9 nor nont nf iVio numVini itreated before the oranges arrived.Oil fuel is used to some extent on,no fewer than 40 railroads in the United States."God give us brains!" sings a poetin the St. Uouis Dispatch. Isn't thispushing class legislation a bit too far,?I. J I" OlIT WAS GREAT WASTE OF INK.(Minneapolis Tribune.)He entered the West Hotel, a fine,courtly Southern gentleman, very affable and genial. And this is what hewrote on the register:"Hinton Grave Lee, resident in Augusta, Ga., prior to February 1, andin Georgia State since 1852, now resident at Kansas City, Mo., and KansasCity, Kan."Clerks A. D. Hein and A. M. Shartiniooked it over and had a whisperedconsultation."Think of it," said Hein. "Why. theink firm could afford to pay the travelling expenses and a good salary to Mr.J Lee. If that habit ever spreads.there wouldn't be ink enough in the;L'nited States to go around."Gibraltar is the smallestBritish possesajon and measures less than twosquare' jniles. Canada is the largest,wlth,746,000 square miles.DEATHS.THOMPSON.Dr. Ben P. Thompson, aged seventy-six,one of the oldest and bestknown practicing physicians in thisoctuyii, uitsu. ax uis nome in iui. cster-ling, Wednesday, after a long illness oforganic heart trouble. He is survivedDy his wife one brother, Mr. JoelThompson, of Missouri, and one sis-tian chUrCh and had served on the offi-cial board for the past twenty yearsne was oe or tne most ingniy-respect-ed and widely-known citizens of Montgomery county, and was well-known tothe medical profession of Paris and thocounty.f - w . . ... . . . . .i-ans iuetnoaist cnurcn. Tne burialI followed in the Paris Cemetery.The pall-bearers werectjveHarry O. James, E. B. January, E. Bunassuming manner was a true indexto the life he lived among us. If hehad an enemy it was not one of hisown making, as no man in Paris wabetter liked than he.JOHNSON.Mrs. Fannie Johnson, aged seventh-!three, died at her home near NorthMiddletown, this county, at six o'clock,Tuesday morning, following a protract-ed illness of general debility and pneumonia.Mrs. Johnson was the widow of tholate George Johnson, a well-known !Confederate veteran, who died verysuddenly at North Middletown sometime ago. She is survived by two chil-dien. Thomas Johnson and Mrs. E. B.Allen, both of. North Middletown.Funeral services were held at her1lte nome Wednesday afternoon at3:30 o'clock, conducted by Rev. JohnChnstopherson, pastor of the NorthMiddletown Christian church. Thohnrini follower! nn Hie fnmiiv inf in fh.. . ..w ......, ww lu .vNorth Middletown Cemeterv.Bryan, 'The pall-bearers were J. C.Lot Young, John Banta, Chas. H ( be tolerated unless it is clean andMeng, Robert Gilkey and Win. Bryan, ( wholesome, and the publisher whoSr j prints a paper that, meets the de-bnand will be the one to enjoy theTEBBS. 'patronage.Miss Alice Tebbs. daughter of the;iate Mr,H.H. Tebbs, of Cynthiana. 1dropped dead at her home on Web-1ster avenue, in Cynthiana, Wednesdayafternoon about 5:30 o'clock. 1Miss Tebbs had been in Paris forseveral days as a guest of her sister,Mrs. J. Riser Smith, and Mr. Smith,(she had just returned to Cynthianaan(i was at her former home with herauntf Mrs. J. Wesley Hawkins, wheniier death occurred. Miss Tebbs had.been a patient sufferer from tuberou-' losis for some time, but was thought tcibe getting better. Heart failure war.I given as the immediate cause of he-death.Miss Tebbs was twenty-five years0ifi ou ,-s survived hv two sisters.Mrs J Kiser SmiUlf of Paris and Mis3Leueiia Tebbs, of Texas, and onoDrotherf Mr. Wesley Tebbs, also ofTexas. Her mother died two weqk.i1 ago. The funeral and burial will takwI place from the family residence illCynthiana to-day.HARR.S.Miss Dorothy Hqrrs, aged fifteen,daughter of Mrs. Ernest Harris, of this.!.. .1.-..1 TTT.J J t. -r-'iT-..1' U1UU u"uay aiiernoou ai incap-,5lassie Membrial Hospital, blowing .,an operation for appendicitis performeo aioniay nignt. iv.jss Mams naabeen dangerously iU since the operatlon was Performed, out through it allmere persisieci a nope mat sue wouin ,eventually rally and pull though, but'a11 such hPes were shattered ruth-k'sslv wheu the anel of DeaUl claim'jee uer Pure vounS sou Wednesday af-.LerilOOnMiss Harris was the only daughter jof Mrs. Harris, whose nusband met a Itragic death in this city some years!ago, ana ner aeatn leaves tne motnertpractically alone, her only other child,Mr. Harold Harris, being a hospitasteward in the United State? Navv.u0 TCn, ntifipri hv wiro nf b; sistnr'e- """ "" .WW.W . -rf .... w - -. ...W. Wdeath, but could not obtain leave of absence, having just been transferredfrom the U. S. S. Perkins, stationed inSouthern waters, to the U. S. ShipPanther, now in Boston harbor.Miss Harris was one of the brighteststudents of the Paris High School,where she was a universal favoritewith, pupils and teachers. She was amember of the Christian church and,the Sunday school. Her untimelydeath has spread a shadow over thecommunity, as her short, but happylife was spent here, and every hearmust surely be touched with deepestsympathy for the mother, from whosehome the light of the household hasfled, in this, her second and mostcrushing bereavement. For fifteenyears, bright, sunny years for themother this young girl had not onlybeen her joy and comfort, but hersweet, childish presence had broughta wealth of sunshine and happinessinto the lives of her friends and playmales. None bpt those ivho have satin the shadow, of a great bereavement.-1 such, as the death of this fair younggirl must be, can justly weigh such asorrow as death brings." The funeral cortege will leave thefamily residence this (Friday; afternoon at two o'clock, for North Middle-nrrrri lioro corvlnoa vrrill Vo Vinlri of Ithe grave in the North MiddletownCemetery, by Rev. W. E. Ellis, pastorof the Paris Christian churchMASONIC EASTER SERVICES TOI BE HELD IN LEXINGTONattend a specialEaster observanceservice to be given April 8 by theWebb Commandery, No. 2, KnightsTenmlar. of the Masonic Order, inLexington. Arrangements for the ob-servance.have been completed by the'Easter Observance Committee, comrnim Wfl rrinrMusic will be fur-"" . .nishedby Charles Louis Bennett'sSchool of Music. Plans are underway to nave several hundred SirKnights march in a body to the services. Dr. Porter will preach at his churchnext Sunday morning at a special service Cor the Masons, who will assemble at Iheir temple on North Broadwayand march in a body to the church.Several hundred, it is thought, will bein the parade.An attempt will be made to get Governor Stanley and other prominentmen as speakers. Committees are nowat work arousing enthusiasm amongthe Masons and this is the first of r.seies ol sermons, which Dr. Porter,himself a Mason, will give to the mem-i . . .hers of the order.The public is invited to attend bothnext Sunday's special service and the JEaster service.NEWSPAPERS IN SCHOOLS.(Toledo Chronicle.)Newspapers are beginning to be usedin rural schools as substitutes for text-books, more especially furnishing current readinc in nlace of literarv booksand magazines. This step will be ahonom in twn wove TXrat u win ho- W T,.r : :L i '.,:i,. ,uiuuua ui iiioci UU11115 Ltic yupus in viut-4. .. j i.. ; .jii i,luui cvuiiU), uuu, aeuuiiuij, m, nm maivuthe newspapers better. No paper willSt III Greater is theThDo as thousands of others are doing. Buy now forfuture as well as present needs. Not for a long timewill you be able to buy high grade shoes at prices solow.Ladies' Dawn Grey Kid, Also Mahogany Tan, Most Fashionable Boots at AlmostONE-HALF THE PRICE YOU PAY ELSEWHERELadies' Dull Kid High Cut Boots$4.50 values $2.99Ladies' Dark RussiaCalf BootsS6.00 values 3.69Ladies' Patent Kid Cloth Top Boots5.00 values 2.49Ladies' Patent and Gun Metal Shoes$3.50 values 1.99Ladies' Gun Metal. button, 82. 50 val. 1 .69Ladies' Felt Boudoirs, $1.00 values .49Ladies's Felt Juliets, fur trimmedSI. 50 values . 79Special Ladies' Slippers, Broken Sizes, $3 and $4 Values, at $1.49Boys', Misses and Children's Shoes at Great Bargain Prices.aMacDonald-Kiley Bankrupt SaleMen's High Grade M. & K. $1 0.OO and $12.00 ShoesVarsity Shoes AA to EON SALE HERE AT OINE-HALF PRICEBARParis' Greatest Shoe Store.Betteran Auction!On Thursday, Friday and Saturday, ONLY(MARCH 22nd, 23rd and 24th)We Will SellBest Eating Potatoes At Q APER PECK OVy(Remember we give a sure enough peck 15 pounds.)Arbuckle Coffeeper pound ...20cx "Clean-Easy" Soap, theLaundry Soaps, atWe reserve the right to limit all purchases,free delivery to all parts of the city.Again We are Offering the CelebratedBLUE RIBBON GARDEN SEEDSAt 3 Regular 5c Papers For 10c.Bring Us All Your Produce and You'll Gel the HighestMarket Price.iMEMENTO OF THE PAST.Mr. William Remington, editorHip Pnri npmnnmt ii..e in i,?c cqc.w VW MVUVMtUV) AlJ AAA. AAAfcJ pUddtUsion a cover for a sofapillow, onwhich is embroidered the names of onehundred ami fnrrv-threo members nnri-. w.w -vattendants at the Paris Christianchurch. It was made twenty-one yearago, in 1896, by Miss Abbie Johnson,of Paris. Each name was written onthe cover in lead pencil, and then em-broidered in different colored silke Final Clean Up!The Balance cf Winter Shoes Must BeSold at Once to MakeRoom ForSpring GoodsDaily Arriving!Reduction of Prices!Men's Russia and Plat. Calf English WalkOver Samples, S6.00 values $4,00Men's Russia and Platinum Calf Walk-Overand Beacon, 4.50 values $3.49Men's Gun Metal English Medium Toe Welts,$4.00 values $2.99Men's Gun Metal Button and LaceS3.00values 1.99Men's Tan and Black Romeos$1.50 values 99Men's Black Felt Slippers75-cent values .49FROM THEC0HEM335Than"Search Light'' Matchesc500 count, per boxbest of all25c6 bars forYes, we havethread. In, the center was the wording.Jonn S. Sweeney, Pastor Paris Chri3of , tian Church, 1S71 1S96."' The list of names comprises manywno were at taat time prominent factors m tne Dusines3 and social life ofParis. Of the number whose name?:a. . . . .txyytsm uu llltz cover IOny-eignt Onethird of the total, have Dassed overto the Great Beyond. They are namesof people familiar to the residents ofParis. The relic is an Interesting one,and is highly prized by Mr. Reming-ton.LifeR&ain Street, Parisi Ky. I- '' It(l -11 11 I11lJll II Ijff I II ' I1: - -I & ft MJUWX'IL1 . -x?